OUTLOOK IS GLOOMY FOR SUCCESSFUL
TERMINATION OF PEACE MEETING.
Corporation Begins Suit for
the Olinghonse
Fields.
One of Best Districts
of Nevada Subject
of Dispute.
Southern Pacific
Would Oust the
Prospectors.
RICH MINES
CLAIMED BY
RAILROAD
Russia's reply to the demands of Japan will be laid before the conference to-day by M, Witte.
The Czar's envoys are opposed to the paying of indemnity together with the" cession of territory and
it is feared the negotiations may be broken off The outlook for peace is considered gloomy. The
deepest pessimism reigns in both camps at Portsmouth and to-day 's meeting is anxiously awaited.
Continued on Pace 2. Column 6.
RENO. Augr. IL— The Southern Paciflo
Company to-< Jay brought suit In the Dis
trict Court of Washoe County to OU3t
prospectors now working on what they
claim as Government land ia the famous
OHnghouse district. In addition the rail
road also asks for $5500 damages. The suit
practically ties up the richest mines in,
Nevada, properties from which almost
virgin gold is now being extracted.
Buck Ingall3* famous claim, the prop
erty of Colonel Bovee and that of many
others are affected, and the result It ia
thought will tie up a portion of the great
district for years to come. The. railroad
claims ownership by reason of Govern
ment grants of every odd section of land
through the State. The miners, on the
other hand, claim that they are entitled
to all mineral on the land.
Several months ago the railroad an
nounced it would cede back* certain min
eral lands in the Oflnghouse district! This
resulted In a rush to the district and
much money was invested on what U
known as section 29, the land now In dis
pute. The news of the big finds made
there, announced during the past few
weeks, it Is thought, has caused the
Southern Pacific to take action. A bitter
gult Is looked for.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
."Finally;lt was discovered by a Rus
sian captain and a long, desultory
negotiation .followed. But Japan then
.was weak. ' She had neither army nor
navy, nor Internal organization. In
deed, she was almost on the verge of
revolution. Japan could not resist and
the " upshot was that Russia one day
ended -the" controversy by announcing
that she would take Saghalein and give
Japan the Chlshma (Kuriles) Islands,
which Japan already owned.
"Japan has no desire to humiliate Rus
sia more than is necessary, and even now
is. seeking to. avoid wounding Russia's
susceptibilities, but public opinion in Ja
pan; is absolutely so firm upon the main
the Indemnity and the cession of Sagha
lein. -v The surrender of either is im
possible.- If Baron Komura should
yield: on these points public feeling 1 In
Japan -would be so strong that he
would be murdered upon his return to
Japan. We must be reimbursed for
the. cost of the war and we have na
tional claims on. Saghalein which we
have never forgotten.
"About 20CL years ago the Island was
explored, by a Japanese, Juzo Konrla.
who occupied and called It Karaf uto,
the • name , bestowed upon it by the
aboriginal Ino race, who at that time
also inhabited- the island of Hokkaido.
PLENIPOTENTIARIES SELECTED BT JAPAN AXD RUSSIA TO DISCUSS PEACE
NEGOTIATIONS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OP THE UNITED STATES. WHO
MADE IT POSSIBLE FOR THEM TO COME TOGETHER.
• "The "conditions In; their, broad out
lines," said he. to-rilght,. "have been sub
stantially/, known Uo «X J In .""Japan { and
;the "Russians' will be- very v much 'mis
taken if they, imagine the Japanese will
not* Insist upon- the 'two 'chief points— -
\u25a0 To-night In* the inner camps of both
plenipotentiaries, the deepest pessimism
reigns. Mr. Witte it Is positively known
believes- the, prospects of an agreement
are so remote as to be- practically nil.
He has ; no desire Ito1 to prolong the agony
and 1 instead of; fencing, when the envoys
come • together * after the Japanese have
had the opportunity to examine* the-re
ply* there. Is strong, reason to believe he
will not only welcome but will insist up
on an immediate -discussion -of all the
proposed bases. So pessimistic is he that
he has ; already , been talking to . his col
leagues of his plans when the rupture
comes. Before sailing for home he con
templates a brief visit to Chicago.
5 That the 1 Japanese. termsi In so far as
they touch the main -points, will .not
be withdrawn or materially, modified is
the opinion- of the most competent Jap
anese authority, on the ground who .will
talk "for publication; namely Mr.- Juiei
Kamp'el Matsumato," a member ' of the
Japanese' Parliament, who ; Is*, here. 'as.
nnaricial', ; emissary of Japan and who
is in i close communication \u25a0 with- Baron
Komura ; and ; Mr." Takahira. The rea
sons-he assigns are extremely Interest
ing/ : , • ' "\u25a0.'•' '\u25a0\u25a0
•;..,: KOMURA CANNOT YIELD.
table. \u25a0 \u25a0'> - ; They \u25a0 have shown - throughout
the ' war L their ability "to guard their se
crets, military, • naval and diplomatic,
and; now not the, remotest clew comes
from behind the closed doors. as to wheth
er they, are prepared to make substan
tial concessions. Silence and secrecy are
their watchwords. But if the conditions
as submitted constitute their last word
hope of peace may be regarded as having
disappeared If; the- fellng reflected In Rus
sian circles is a true criterion. And that
no substantial concessions on the main
issues will' be .made \u25a0is the belief both in
Russian and. Japanese, circles. .. •
The tactics ' of ' the Japanese are inscru-
parity ' of preparation, | distance from
home and other points to show that the
result might be different should the Japa
nese be fighting "in, the Interior of • Rus
sia. He Intimated that the Japanese were
taking advantage of the internal situa
tion In Russia \ and was ' Inclined to re
sent It , \u25a0 ' i ......
. This view,' lt is believed, M. Witte has
written into \u25a0 his reply, \u25a0 and It Is also
said that he"\vlll treat of the events
preceding the war: to" show that Japan
was the aggressor, and that the war'
was forced upon 'his country.
Dispatches '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 from ." St.- Petersburg to
night strongly -uphold the position
against cession of territory and money
indemnity. . . C . .. • .' . ; * . ;-J ," " t '",
Russia's reply to ; the. Japanese
terms of peace .will, be, delivered by M.
Witte to Baron. Komura at 9:30 o'clock
to-taiorrow morning.' , The' reply Is writ
ten, there.-, being itwoi texts— one n
French,. the other in English. Upon
the two crucial, points, .indemnity and
the cession of the". Island of Saghalien,'
.the reply is an absolute j non-possimus.
Other points ; are^ accepted 'as basis; for
discussion, while others -are " accepted
conditionally. -Tfie reply. Is rather long,
because In' enumerating:; the condition
on -which; dlsriussion 'ls and
those on which-, consideration is de
clined, -"reasons \ and \ arguments .- are
given. ThG -.'Japanese 'Plenipotentiaries
,are" expected, , to /ask ; for Tan Immediate
•adjournment; to. examine : and prepare
this reply. .. '. \u25a0
Mr .Witte : will 5 probably j Intimate - that
the Russian -plenipotentiaries -expect the
Japanese to display as i much 'expedition'
as they, "the Russians, have shown in the
preparation of 'their response.'.', Monday
therefore Is expected Jj to be' the j day an'
which \u25a0 the •• real- discussion of •\u25a0 the nego-'
tlations will .begin. Neither, side; wants
to indulge / in , diplomatic | sparring. . The
time for fencing, is over and: less than' a'
wek, must decide ; whether a basis of
peace Is possible. ' L' " . _. \ . • ;
. JAPA3VESE ARE s SILENT,
Special ' Dispatch to Th» CalL
Wife of Once Wenlthy Philadelphia
Merchant Acts Strangely When
Her Husband Dies,
PEORIA, 111., Aug. 11. — Edward
Drouln, formerly a wealthy and Influen
tial merchant of Philadelphia, is dead
in this city. Drouln married the daugh
ter of the late S. S. Thompson, a
wealthy wholesale grooer of Peoria,
and Inherited the entire fortune which
has since been wasted. When found
his wife, apparently distracted by the
death of her husband, was holding the feet
of the corpse in the air In order, as she
said, to allow the soul to escape. Mrs.
Drouin was formerly a belle of this
city. Her husband was a member of
the firm of Work & Drouln, merchants
of Philadelphia. The cause of Drouln's
death is a mystery, which the Coroner
is endeavoring to solve.
Drouin was a son of Professor Felix
Drouln. a former member of the faculty
of the University of Pennsylvania./'
ex-Governor of Arizona, and now* at
tached to the Military Secretary's ' De
partment, and Governor George Curry
of the island of Samar, called upon Miss
Roosevelt to-day and discussed the daya
they served under her distinguished
father. They presented her with a
photograph of Manila's police boat,
named the Bucky O'Neal.
Rear Admiral Train and Representa
tive Foss, chairman' of the House'Com
mittec on Naval Affairs, who is nat
urally interested in naval affairs, paid
a visit to the Olongapoo and the Uni
versity Club held a reception.
An executive session of the commis
sion was held all day, the business be
ing devoted to the cost of the insular
government.
Representative Grosvenor has issued
a call for data regarding the shipping
questionT which will be taken up next.
On the night of August- 10 Filipino
women of the city entertained Miss
Roosevelt at a prominent native resl-'
dence. where a brilliant receotion was
held.
PORTSMOUTH, , N. H. t Aug. U.-De
spite the optimistic views taken In many
centers that . are In close communication
with the scene of the peace conference
that the negotiations will terminate suc
cessfully, there are weighty: reasons, for
believing that the outlook is gloomy. This
will probably be made clear to-morrow
when the Russian reply is laid before the
conference, : The Russian envoys take the
position:
That Russia is not defeated; that she
does" not i expect •to be defeated in case
the war is prolonged, and that she can
not be expected to pay an indemnity and
to cede territory, for these reasons: '
First— Because an Indemnity is not ex
tracted from. a foe that is not conquered
and is still able to fight.
Second— Because cession of territory is
only demanded of a foe whose country
Is prostrate in the enemy's hands. \u25a0
It is, of course, possible the reply of
Russia will be couched in such' general
terms as : to -permit "of a continuance of
negotiations, \u25a0 but Russia* will make It
known that she | cannot part with terri
tory and' money in the present state of
the war. "She Is willing to get out of
Manchuria; • she Is willing that' Japan
should have Port Arthur,' the LiaoTung
peninsula, • the Eastern/ Chinese railroad,
a protectorate . over Korea and commer
call advantages which she Is understood
to have included in her terms. She might
also be willing to debate the question \u25a0 of
the 'size of a naval force to be. main
tained In the Pacific and. the question of
fisheries along. the Russian coast, but in
demnity and cession are so objectionable
to her that unless these demands should
be classified by Japan as susceptible of
modification, then there. ls likely to be a
serious deadlock : ln the conference. ,
RUSSIA'S REPLY READY.
I It will be recalled that M. .Witte. in his
statement. Issued ;on' his arrival, In Am
erica, pointed out that . the Japanese de
mands were likely ' to ; be based ! on ; their
success In ' war and - indicated the di«-
Neither Side Is Willing to Engage in Diplomatic Sparring
HOLDS FEET OF CORPSE IS
AIR TO LET SOUL ESCAPE
Russia Is Not
and Money in: Present State -of ?War. f§
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 11.— One of
the passengers on the Santa Fe train
which reached here this afternoon
showed a bidly skinned nose as the re
sult of a unique experience on the desert.
Riding in the day coach, he dreamed that
the train had been wrecked. His fellow
passengers were startled by seeing him
dive head first through the window. His
neighbor grabbed at his heels, but was
too late. The man was seen to light head
first in the sand. He sat up to look at
the rear platform as it sped by.
The train was running only twenty
miles an hour and the sand was deep and
loose, so the dreamer was not hurt ex
cept on the nose. Speaking with a strong
German accent, he declined to give his
name or place of residence.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Thinking There Had Been a
Wreck He Dives Through
"Window. /
DREAMING PASSENGER
JUMPS FROM TRAIN
"Part of the funds with which to per
fect the appeal in the case of Johann
Hoch pledged at the time of the reprieve
of Governor Deneen did not materialize.
Of $900 subscribed for this work, J6OO has
been paid for a transcript. of the evidence
and 5250 has been paid for the official
record. There Is needed $600 more at once
to pay for the printing of abstracts and
briefs, as required by the rules of the Su
preme Court. This money must be had
if justice is to be done. We have worked
day and night preparing the *ase for the
Supreme Court. Every citizen who be
lieves that a poor man should have the
same rights as a rich man, and Is of the
opinion that the full guilt of a man
should positively be established before
his life is taken by our State, should re
spond to this appeal, and make whatever
contribution he can afford to Jailer Whit
man at the Cook County Jail, Chicago."
Hoch himself declined to-day to discuss
the action of his attorneys in making the
above appeal to the public.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— Johann Hoch's
case may not be appealed and the sec
ond reprieve may have been in vain. Six
hundred dollars more is needed to pay
for copying the abstracts and briefs re
quired by the rules of the Supreme Court.
and in a last effort to raise the money,
his new attorneys, Comerford and Neiger,
have appealed to the public for contribu
tions. It is explained that this appeal to
the public would not have been necessary
had it not been that the St. Louis editor
returned to the donors 1400 raised by him
to aid Hoch in appealing the case. Com
erford and Neiger asked that contribu
tions be sent to Jailer Whitman. Their
statement in part Is as follows:
Miss Roosevelt was entertained early
this evening: at dinner by Commissioner
Ide. On entering the banquet room she
was roundly cheered.
The Rough Riders now residing he.*e,
headed by Colonel Alexander Brodia.
The Secretary affirmed that a popu
lar assembly would be formed if no
insurrection exists in April, 1907.
The administration's policy, he said,
was t!se Philippines for the Filipinos.
If the American officials were not in
sympathy with this -policy and the na
tives they would be recalled.
Secretary Taft said in conclusion that
it was t)w>. President's desire that all
must work for their "benefit.
Representative Hepburn spoke along
the same lines.
A POPULAR ASSBMBLY.
"The second party has for its chief
exponent President Roosevelt. He be
lieves that it Is the duty of the United
States to prepare the Filipinos for self
government. This may require a gen
eration and probably longer, and the
form of self-government will be left to
the individuals who will control the
two nations at that time. It follows
that the President, and he, himself, de-
Fired me to say this to the Filipinos,
feels charged with the duty of pro
ceeding on this policy and maintaining
here the sovereignty of the United
States as an Instrument for the grad
ual education and elevation of the
whole of the Filipino people to a self
grovernlngr community."
Secretary Taft in forceful language
stated that the Filipinos who wish to
rule this country must first learn the
principles of democracy by sending
their children to the common schools
before they can invite the United States
to transfer the trust which has been
thrown upon it to their shoulders.
To make a self-governing and popular
democracy, primary education, habits of
greater industry and thrift must al
ways be kept, he said, before the young,
patriotic Filipinos.
"In a number of the provinces," said
Secretary Taft, "the people with the
irrcatest difficulty avoid starvation.
Now this is not due to the soil or un
favorable agricultural conditions. -All
these are easily overcome by the in
dustry which is manifest In Java and
\u25a0Japan. The foundation of a great na
tion like Japan is in the Industry, thrift
and intelligence of the people."
"There Is a third party, which favors
giving the islands immediate independ
ence. This party may be divided Into
two classes, having different motives.
The first class is anxious to .rid the
United States of the burden of governing
the Filipinos for the benefit of the United
States. The second class is anxious to
rid the Philippines of the government of
the United States on the ground that the
Filipinos can make their own govern
\^ment. This third party has twice been
defeated at a national election on this
Issue.
come the trustees and protectors of the
\u25a0whole Filipino people, and must prepare
that people to maintain the stable Gov
ernment now there.
"There is a party, and this is much the
largest, which regarded our taking over
the islands from Spain after the war with
the gravest reluctance and who would
have been gratified in the extreme if the
assumption of the burden could have
been avoided. This subject has been un
der consideration by this party, and, in
deed, by the whole American people,
and the attitude of mind they now hold
respecting the Philippines may be stated
•with some accuracy.
"They have come to the conclusion
that, however reluctant they were to ac
cept the fate thrown upon them, it is
their duty to meet the responsibilities im
posed with promptness, courage and
hope. They believe that they have be-
WOULD AVOID BIRDEX.
"On my part it is due you that if I do
nothing else to-night I shall make clear
tt.e views of the administration upon the
present and future of the islands. The
American people are divided upon the
question I am discussing into three par
ties. There is a considerable number who
have the real imperialistic idea of ex
tending the influence of America, by pur
chase and conauejtt, into the Orient, en
larging The power of the American Gov
ernment fcr the purpose of controlling
the Pacific and securing the largest share
possible of the Oriental yet unde
vviopeli, during the next* 100 years.
This attitude was met fearlessly by
Secretary Taft, who upheld the adminis
tration's insular policy. When he fin
ished his address he was loudly cheered,
lie said, in rsponse to the toast, "The
Present Administration In the Philip
pln< s":
MANILA, Aug. 11.— A Filipino banquet
given to the Taft party to-night attract
ed great interest, as it was expected
that Secretary Taft would outline the
policy of the present administration. For
some time past the feeling among the
natives has been that the administration
wan deviating from the McKinley policy,
arid as a result there has been notable
disaffection among politicians with the
Insular government and also nauch un
rest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
His Lawyers Make Plea to
the Public Asking Fi
nancial Assistance.
Rough-Riders in Manila Give
Miss Alice Roosevelt
Warm Greeting.
Holds Forth Promise of
Independence When
Time Comes.
Chicago Slayer Lacks
$600 for (Supreme
Court Fees.
Secretary Outlines
'Government's
Policy.
Funds Promised Do
Not All Materi
alize.
HOCH'S CASE
MAY NOT BE
APPEALED
TAFT GIVES
FILIPINOS
GOOD NEWS
The (J^i^k^ks More Newsl- : Thafe^nsfi©]ffi.6r Paper Publi^^^&^Si Francisco
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty hoars or.dinpr midnight, August
12. JfrtC:
fcan Francisco and vicinity — Fair
Saturday with foe In the morning;
fresh vest wind.
A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster. ;
The San Francisco Call
"^Tilll,, J iffi THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "The Cnly "Way."
CHUTES— Specialties.
CENTRAL— "No Wedding Bells for
Her."
COLUMBIA— "Weather Beaten Ben
aon."
GRAND — "Th« Merchant of Venice."
Matinee, "The Golden Country."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI — "Rob Roy."
Matinees 'at all theaters.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN* FRANCISCO, SATURDAY AUGUST 12, 1905.
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 73.LONDON, Aug. 11. — The reports which
have been persistently published that a
meeting has been arranged between
King Edward and Emperor William are
definitely contradicted by Baron Fran
cis Knpllys. secretary to the King.
Kins Edward Not to Meet Kaiser.
CZAR RECEIVES THE TERMS.
!t is the triterpst of all or u« on thlt conti
nent that no such event. Rhould occur, and in
addition to our own republic th»r* are now
already republics in the regions south of us
which have rraeivd a point ni prosperity and
power that enables th*m to be considerable
factors In mfiiritair.ins this dortrin* 1 which is
to ranch to th* a«lvantaCf if all of us.
If. most be nnder*tood that under no
circumstance* viill the L'nitcd Slalon
UKC the Monroe doctrine n* a clonk for
territorial nprsreK.vlon. Should nny of
our neighbor*, no mat«cr liow turbu
lent, bon dixreenrdful of our right*,
finally eel into «uel» si position that the
utmost limits of oar forbearance arc
renohed. all the people «ontli of m may
rest nsKured that no action will ever
k» taken cave what 1« absolutely d>-
Government I'nles* It la Abso
lutely Demanded.
No Action Will Ever Be Taken by Thin
They save it. Here at last is the «olutlon
Twlnlock loose leaf ledgers. Made to last as
long as you do. Xo> opening new books on?
book does ' it — all accounts are current
Made in any size or form of ruling and prtni
ing. Used for any business, a pleasure for
our salesmen to explain. Catalogue. Sanborn
Vail & Co.. "41 Market st. •
Don't Cost Money.
WILL NOT ISE THE DOCTRINE
AS A CLOAK FOR AGGRESSION
ST. PETEKSBL-RG. Aug. ll.^-The
news from Portsmouth is received
quietly m the financial world. The
bourse to-day was quiet and firm. In
expectation* of the new Internal loan
Industrial securities were lively, with
a slight advance.
Russian Bourse Is Quiet.
Present a Ba»t* for Negotiation!!.
BERLIN, Aug. 11.— The Lokal Anzet
ger'3 correspondent at Portsmouth. N.
H.. cables that he asked Mr. Witte if
the Japanese terms presented a basis
for continuing the negotiations and Air.
Witte answered:
"Certainly."
—cap..
But while insisting -with all emphasl* upon
thla.lt is also true that experience has shown
that when there is no governmental restraint
or /.supervision, some, of the exceptional men
use ' their enercies, not in ways that are for
the "common* gbod. but iin ways which 'tell
against this : common i rood; and that :. by .bo
doing they, not \u25a0 only wrong smaller and i less
able men — whether wage- workers or small pro
ducers \u25a0 and traders' — but force j other riien lof
exceptional abilities themselves to do what -fa
WTong under.tpenalty of; falling behind : in the
keen race • for success. There is need ol leg
islation to strive' to rrfeet such abuses. 'At
one time or in one place this legislation may
take the form of factory. laWs and employers'
liability laws. Under other conditions" it. may
take the form oft dealing with the franchises
which derive their value . from the grant of
the. representatives .'of the people." ) It may . be
\u25a0Jnwtd.at thamajilfold abuses, far-reachinar in
A" vital ractor in the success of any enter
prise is the tfuidlng intelligence of the man
at the top. and there is need, in the interest
of all d£ us,- -to encourage • rather than .to
discourage the activity of the exceptional man
who' cuide average . men so : that their labor
may result in increased production of th« kind
which is demanded at the time. Normally We
help the waKe- worker, we helD the man "of
small mean*, by making conditions «udk that
the man of excentlonal business ability i»
celvei an exceptional reward for that ability.
In our industrial and tsocial system the in
terests of all men are bo closely Intertwined
that in the - immense majority of cases the
straight-dealing man, who. by Ingenuity and
industry, benetits himself • must also, benefit
others. The man ol great productive capacity
who gets rich through guiding the labor of
hundreds or thousands of other men does so,
as a rule, by enabling their labor to produce
more than it would without his guidance, and
both he and they, share in the benefit, so that
even if the share be unequal It must never
be forgotten that they. too, are really bene
fited by his success. \u25a0
Evils That Spring From Over
capitalization. .
It. May -Be Aimed kt the Far- Reaching
NEED OF NEW LEGISLATION
TO MEET EXISTING" ABUSES
GENERA J.. OKU'S HEADQUARTERS
IN THE FIELD. Aug. 10. 6 p. nx. via
FUSAX, Aug. 11. — General Arthur Mac-
Arthur, accompanied, by his aide de
camp. Captain Parker W. West of the
Eleventh United States Cavalry, left the
front to-day for Japan. He wil visit
Korea. China, and India before return
ing to America.
Mac Arthur Lea-res the Front.
The Government permitted and encour
aged the publication of the full press dis
patches containing the Japanese condi
tions which like a fiery cross rallied
disunited Russian clans, Conservatives,
Liberals and Radicals.
With scarcely an exception every voice
is raised In urging the Government to
hold out against Japan's principal de
mands. The correspondent talked with
the leading men of various classes, not
only public officials, but lawyers, doctors,
merchants and journalists, and all'de
clared that a continuation of war would
be ""better than the acceptance of such
terms. The same spirit Is manifested in
almost tvery newspaper of . Russia, the
Radical organ ranging alongside of the
Novoe Vremya, while the Russ , to-day
declares: x . .
"In these Japanese conditions all hope
of peace has vanished."
Indignation also is growing over what
is regarded as a doubtful procedure on
the part of the Japane.se with regard to
their credentials and many are asking
what is > the real reason underlying their
action.
Japan's demands, as predicted, have
'served to . array the Russian Govern
ment and people under th> same ban
ner for the first time since the begin
ning of the war, and it is evident that
M. "Witte will find almost solid support
at his back whatever answer he may
make to Baron Komura's n0te...,.
Though M. Witte had ample powers'
to draft a reply at Portsmouth, the
Foreign Office shared the view that the
response would be wlthi>eld until Aloi
day. M. Witte's initiative and* decision
have evok«d the admiration of the' Ru
ssians. as they are used to delays in mat
ters of a similar nature.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 12. 2:55
a. m. — The news of the speedy comple
tion of M. Wltte's repaly came as a
surprise to the Russian republic, as a
delay at least until Monday was an
ticipated to permit a consultation at.
Peterhof. > •
Re Made by Witte.
Ready to Support Any Reply That May
The Government ;ha» very, properly
exercised moderation 'in* attempting: to
enforce . the criminal provisions .' of the
statute; but It baa become our con
vlctlon that in some cases, such ins that
of .at least certain of the beef packers 1
I earnestly believe; that this Is -true of only
a relatively email portion or . the . very rich
men engaged In handling the largest corpora
tions In the country; but the attitude of these
comparatively few niftn does undoubtedly harnv
the country.- and, , above, all, harm thfe men
of large means ,by the; Just but sometimes
misguided popular indignation to which it gives
rife.- The consolidation in - the " form of what
arc popularly called -trusts of corporate inter
ests of Immense-value has tended to produce
unfair restraint? of, . trade ;of an, \u25a0 oppressive
character, and these \u25a0 unfair restraints tend ' to
create great artificial '.monopolies.- The viola
tions of the law known- :as* the -anti-trust law.
which was meant to meet the. conditions thus
arising, have more and .more Bgcome "confined.
tPithe larger combinations, \u25a0' the very -ones
against whose: policy of.' monopoly and op
pression the .policy of ..the,-, law was chiefly 'dl-,
reeled. Many of' th'.se.wmbitjations, by. secret
irethodJs a*l<l i»y" rrr>tnot<vl litigation, "are still
usw!fp'v pr»kln- \u25a0?<••• - ••••A"iT' . t>>? consequences of
thPir ittcraV nfirn.:. 7 i*'ic/-f* -\u25a0\u25a0,-"\u25a0 , ' .'-;
Not only the .men In control 'of these corpo
rations, but the .business.' world generally,
ought to realize that, such conduct Is in every
way perilous, and ' Constitutes a menace to th*
nation generally, and especially to ' the people
of- great property.
The effort to prevent all restraint of compe
tition, whether harmful or beneflciaJ. has b»en
ill-judged; what is needed is not so much the
effort to prevent combination as a vigilant ajid
effective control of the combinations formed
so as 'to secure just and equitable dealing on
their part alike toward . the- public generally,
toward their smaller competitors and toward
the wage workers in their employ.
Under the present laws we have in the last
four yoars accomplished much that 1b of sub
stantial value; but the difficulties in the way
have been go great aa* to prove that further
legislation is advisable. Many- corporations
show themselves honorably desirous to obey
the law; -but unfortunately,- ' some corpora
tions, and very wealthy ones ,a.t that, exhaust
every effort which can be ' suggested by the
highest ability, or secured by'the most lavish
ex]>endlturc of money, to defeat the purposes
of the laws on the statute books. . " J
One of the main features' of our na
tional governmental policy 'should be
the effort to secure adequate and effec
tive supervisory and regulatory control
over all great corporations doing an in
terstate hu&lriess. Much of the legisla
tion aimed to prevent the evils con
nected with the enormous, development
at these great corporations has been in
effective, partly because it aimed at do
ing too much, and partly because It did
not confer on the. Government n really
efficient method of holding - an?f guilty
corporation to , account. .
So much for -one feature of our foreign pol
icj-. Now ' for one feature oi our domestic
policy. \u25a0• ..-
Present Anti-Trust Laws' Have Accom
plished Much That Is of Sub- '
Muiiii.-il Value..
AecordinKly the executive department of
our Government negotiated a treaty under which
we are to try to help the Dominican people
to straighten out th*!r finances. This treaty
Is pending before the Senate, whose consent
to It Is necessary. In the meantime we have
rr.ade a temporary arrangement which will
last unlil the Senate hap had time to take
action upon th* treaty. Under this arrange
ment we *cc to the honest administration of
the custom-houses collecting the revenues
turning over 45 per cent to the Government
for running expenses and putting the other 55
per cent Into a safe depot « for equitable di
vision among the various creditors, whether
Kuropean or American, accordingly as, . after
invjptu-ulon, their claims seem just.
The conditions of Santo Domingo have for
a number of year* grown from bad to worse
until recently all eocietx was on tlip v «tk* ot
dissolution. Fortunately jUFt at this time a
wise rukT sjirang up in Santo Domingo, who,
with his colleagues, saw th* dangers threat
ening fielr beloved country, and appealed to
the friendship of their ptet and powerful
neighbor to help them. The immediate threat
came to them in the thape of foreign inter
vention. The previous rulers of Santo Do
mingo had recklessly incurred debts, and ow
ing to her internal disorder* she had ceased
to be able to provide means of paying ithe
<Irbts. The patience of her foreign creditors
had become exhausted, and at least one-for
eign nation was on the point of intervention
an-J wa? only prevented from intervening by
t*j«" uiroffieial assurance of this Government
that it would Itself Ftrivr to help Santo Do
mingo in her hour of need. Of the debts in
curred some wire just, while some w/?re not
of a character which leally renders.it obliga
tory on or proper for, Santo Domingo to pay
them in full. But she could not pay any ot
them at all unless some stability was assured
Santo Domingo hns now made nn ap
peal to am to help It In turn, nnd not
only every principle of wisdom but
every generous instinct within iin bids
us respond to the appcnl.
In th» interest of Jufti.-e. it is as necrsary
to ex*rcife th» pcllre rower as to show
charity and helpful generosity. But Fbrnfthing
can even now be done -toward jthe end in
vi^w. That something, for lnsttf&ce. this na
tion has already done as regard? Cuba, and
is" now trying to do as regards Santo Dc
m!n?o. There are few things in our history
in which we should take more genuine prid*
than the way in which we liberated Cuba,
and then, instead of instantly abandoning it
to chaos, stayed in direction of the affairs of
th» island until we had put it on the right
path and finally gave it t reborn and helped
it as it ttarted on the lif* of an Independent
republic.
Conditions There Have Been Growing
From Bad to Wor^e nnd Society
In Threatened.
RUSSIANS ARE UNITED.
It is officially announced at the Imperial
army headquarters that 113 Russian of
ficers and men surrendered at Nloro,
Saghalien Island, on August 3.
Ru*iian Forces Surrender.
TOKIO, Aug. IL— Admiral Kataoka re
ports that he dispatched a force to co
operate with the army in attacking a
Russian force which was holding the
southeastern coast line twenty miles east
of Korsakoff. The naval force from armexV
boats attacked the Russians on the morn
ing of August 10, the army making &
simultaneous attack from th« eastward.
After a bombardment lasting two hours
the Russians surrendered. The prisoners
number 125.
JII'ST KEEP CORPORATIONS
UNDER SUPERVISORY CONTROL
EVERY GENEROIS INSTINCT
BIDS US AID SANTO DOMINGO
BERLJN, Aug. 12.— The newspapers this
morning seem disinclined as a whole to
express their opinion on the Japanese
peace terms. Some regard them as hard
for Russia, but say they are. only what
was to be expected. Russian utterance*
at Portsmouth and St. Petersburg pro
nouncing the terms unacceptable are
treated here as signifying nothing.
Baron Komura's withholding of; the
amount Japan will ask as reimbursement
for war expenditures is regarded as a
shrewd move designed to get th© Rus
sian commissioners to accept the proposi
tion that Russia must bear them before
the Russian authorities and publics be
come incensed at the specific amount.
Seem Disinclined to Express Their
Opinion on the Peace Terms.
BERLIN PRESS QUIET.
'Gather nt Railway Depots to Give Him
an Enthusiastic Greeting.
BINOHAMTQX. N. V.. Aug. 11.—Pres
ident i Roosevelt, on his return trip
from \u25a0 ;.- Chautauqua to Oyster Bay,
passed to-day and to-night through
three great States — New York. Penn
sylvania and New Jersey. At every
station where a stop was made he was
accorded a greeting as affectionate as
it was enthusiastic. Along the entire
route this afternoon and this evening
rain fell heavily, but the storm seemed
to have little effect on the determina
tion of the people to see the President,
and, if possible, to hear him speak. Dur
ing the afternoon President Roosevelt
made brief addresses from the rear
platform of his car — at Salamanca,
Hornell3ville, Klmira and Waverly. N.
Y. At Hbrnellsville the President
• touched upon the horrors of the yellow
fever .epidemic now raging in New Or
leans. 'He said:
The city of New Orleans is suffering in its
contest with yellow fever and no one who has
not been through an epidemic or the threat
of an epidemic of the kind can appreciate the
full horror, that It brings. The national Gov
ernment is now doing whatever it can do to
help New Orleanß. As yet that sympathy is
limited simply to- the - action of th»» medical
branch. We stand ready to help that great
city' at any time and I know that the ojao
ple's sympathy goes out to the people of New
Orleans and" Louisiana as they battle vali
antly against the foe that " has come upon
them.
Every station on the line of the Erie
Railroad from Hbrnellsville to thfs
point was thronged with people. At one
or two places, where the train slowed
down but dld-not stop, the President
waved his hand at the crowds, which
broke Into cheers as the special passed.
At Elmira. where a convention of vol
unteer firemen is being' held, the Presi
dent briefly addressed them. He said:
In greetine all of you, I want to say a
word of special greeting to the members of tht-
Firemen's Association that have met here with
in the last day or.two. In our modern industrial
life thlnss are sometimes made so easy that
the hardier qualities almost amount to a
trophy. Therefore, it is fine to see men who
have taken up a profession which calls for
the exercise of every ounce of courage and
coolness and prowess a man can have. These
are good qualities to develop in a nation and
I am mighty glad to- see any of our people
who develop them. There are certain classes
of our people, such as firemen, most of those
employed on railroads, the lighthouse and
11f.6. aavinc cervices, who, by the very fact
of their professions are called upon to aot
those qualities -of which" this nation would
have need- should it ever again be called to
war. 1 earnestly hope It never will be called
again and I will make every effort to see that
peace continue*, but one of the easiest ways
of ' keeping peace is to make it evident that
you are not afraid to fight. I have a treat
contempt for the brawler and not merely con
tempt but the most active dislike for the maji
who wrongs the le«3 fortunate. I feel that
we should have the same kind of- interna
tional morality as of Individual morality. I
should ' certainly protest as strongly against
this nation doing jtught that waa wrong to
any other nation as I should protest -against
an individual doing such wrong, but let us be
strong enough to hold our own.
Before the President left Lakewood
the 'private i car of Frederick D. Under
wood, president .of .the Erie Railroad,
was attached to the special train. Oh
board were President Underwood, Seo
ond Vice President C. A. Richardson
and General. Manager J. C. Stuart, who
accompanied the train to Jersey City.
Every precaution possible. was taken by
the -Erie officials to insure to the Pres
ident a safe journey, over the lines. •
<A, pilot locomotive was run ahead of
the train over the entire route, and an
other locomotive followed-, the special
at a distance of a-.few minutes to be
ready-, in. case, of emergency. All.'trackt
work was suspended along the' lines
ten minutes before the special was due
to arrive at any point where work was
in progress and freight strains going
in either direction were stopped to per-.
• mlt the special to pass., Extra patrols,
were- placed on the > line to .., guard;
agiinst' accident <_ by washouts. The
trainls scheduled to .arrive in . Jersey
City at 1 o'clock a. ra; There it .will be
"sidetracked and. the President will be
afforded an opportunity; to get a 'com
fortable'; rest until morning.. . At 9:40
to-morrow r.nu>rning the President is
due to arrive at qyster Bay
CROWDS CHEER PRESIDENT.
ROME. Aug. 11. — The opinion is ex
pressed in Rome that the -Japanese
peace terms are rather severe on Rus
sia, but that if the Japanese are suf
ficiently firm Russia will end by ac
cepting, as there is nothing in them. It
Is tnougrht. derogratory to rtuswinu pricJe." !
although both "reimbursement" and
territory are demanded. The view in
military circles is that Russia intends
to do the best possible for herself, but
will accept in tbe end.
In the main the Japanese terms are
less exorbitant than -was expected here
and the hope is expressed that an
agreement will be reached.
.Military Men In Rome Discuss the De
mands of Japan.
THINK THE TERMS SEVERE.
The enormous Increase^iii 5 interstate
trade, resulting from the Industrial de
velopment of the last quarter of a cen-.
tury^' "makes it proper : that the Federal'
Government should,"- so far as may be
necessary to enrrx Into effect Its na
tional pulley, iiMKtiine a 'degree of ad
ministrative control of .these .great cor
porations. - ' '"; .'• 1
It may weir be that 'we' shall find that the
only effective way o% exercising this super
vision is to require all -corporations engaged in
interstate commerce to produce \u25a0 proof satisfac
tory, say, to the Department of Commerce,
that they are not parlies to any contract or
combination or- Engaged in any monopoly in
interstate trade In violation of the anti-trust
law, and that their conduct on certain other
yjieciiied polntis is* proper; and, moreover, tijat
these corporations .shall agree, with a penalty
of forfeiture of their rigm. to engage in such
commerce, to furnish any evidence of any kind
as to thc-lr trade between the States whenever
so required by the" Department of Commerce.
It Is the almost universal policy of the sev
eral States provided by. statute, that foreign
corporations may lawtully Conduct business
within their boundaries only when they pro
duce certificates that they have complied with
the requirements of their respective totates; in
other words, that corporations shall not enjoy
the privileges" and immunities afforded by the
i-lato governments without first complying with
the policy of their . laws. Now the benefits
which corporations engagea in Interstate trade
enjoy under the ' United States Government are.
incalculable; and in-respect of such trade. the
jurisdiction of the Federal Government is ea
prenie when It chooses to exercise.it.
When, as is now the case, many of
the great corporations consistsntly
strain the lost resources of % legal tech
nicality to uvoid obedience to a law
foT the reasonable regulation of their
business, the only way effectively to
meet thH attitude on their part is to
give the executive department of the
Government a ' more direct- a n«r there
fore more efficient supervision nnd con
trol of their management.
In speaking against the abuses committed
by certain very wealthy corporations or indi
viduals, and of the necessity « "«*ln«- so
far as it can safely be done, to remedy these
abuses, there is always danger lest, what U
eaid may be misinterpreted as an ; attack upon
men of means generally. Now t cannot too
often be repeated in a republic like-oura that
the only- way by which it is- possible perma
nently to benefit the condition of the less
aWe and less, fortunate Is so to shape our
policy .that all Industrious and efficient people
who act decently may be benefited; and this
means, of course, that the benefit wiir come
even more to the more able and more fortun
ate If. under such circumstances, tne less
fortunate man is. moved by envy o£ hta more
fortunate brother to strike at the. conditions
under which they have both, _ though .un
equally, prospered, he. may rest assured that
while the result may bo damaging to me
other man. It will be 1 even more damaging- to
hlmaelf. Of course. 1 am now speaking of
prosperity that cornea under normal and proper
conditions.
Som« great corporations .resort to every
technical expedient to rentier enforcement of
the law- impossible, and their obstructive tac
tics and refusal, to acquiesce in the policy of
the law have taxed to the utmost the ma
chinery of the Department of Justice. In my
judgment Congress may well inquire whether it
6houia not seek other means for carrying into
effect the law.' I believe that all corporations
engaged in interstate commerce should be un
der the aupervlslop of the national Government.
I do not believe in taking steps hastily or
rashly; .and it may- be that all that is necee
eary rin the immediate future is to pass an in
terstate commerce, bill conferring upon some
branch; of *.he executive government the power
of -'effective action to remedy . the abuses in
connection with railway transportation- But
in the end, and -in my judgment at a time not
very far oft, we shall have to, or at least we
shall find that we ought to, take further action
as regards all corporations doing Interstate
business. . • •> - ; - >• <
Chief Executive Does Not Believe, How
ever, in Takinsr Steps Hastily '
. ' ' or, Rashly.
I <\n not mean to say that nations have
more than begun to approach the proper re
lationship < ne to another, and I .fully recog
r'ze the folly of proceeding upon the assump
tion that this ideal condition can now be
rraliied in foil— for. in order to proceed upon
6iK-h an assumption, we would flm require
some method of forcine recalcitrant nations
to do their duty, as well as of seeing tha*
they are protected in their rights.
Vnder strain of emotion c«UMd by sudden
disaster this fueling is very evident. A famine
or a plague in one country brings much sym
pathy and some assistance from other coun
tries Mor«-over, we are now beginning to
teo.gnize that weaker paries have a clafm
upon üb. pven »hen the appeal Is made, not
t.> our emotions by t-ome sudden calamity,
but to our conscience? by a long continuing
cr,T,<sition of affairs.
Finally, and what is in my view. reall r v the
most Important thing of all. it ts our duty,
so far as we are able, to try to help/ upward
our weaker brothers. Just as there has been
a jrradual growth of the ethical element in
th- relations of one individual to another, co
that with all the faults of our Christian clvili
zf-pon it yet remains true that we are, im
mater how slowly, more and more- coming to
rocoenize the duty pf bearing one another b
burdens, similarly I believe that the ethical
element !s by degree entering into the dealings
of one nation with another.
I do not want to «p? any foreign power ta £ e
possession permanently or temporarily of the
custom-houses of an American republic in. or
der to enforce Ite obligations, and the a ter
nativ* may at any time be that we shall tie
frrred to do 6O ourselves.
Ac to the second point, if a republic to the
fcurh of us commits a tort aguinst a foreign
pption. such, for instance, as wrongful ac
tion against the arsons of citizens of that
naiicn. then the Monroe doctrine do?E rot
f, ne us to interfere to prevent punishment
of the tort, fave to see that the punishment
does net directly or indirectly assume the
firm of territorial occupation of the offendtnK
ccgntry. The c*se is more difficult when the
trouble comes from the failure to meet con
tractual obligations. Our own . Government
las always refused to enforce such oontractual
rW!gatinn.« on behalf of Its citizens by the
air-fal to arms. It is much to be wished that
a!! foreign governments would take the same
view. But at present thl» country would cer
tainly not b« willing to go to war to prevent
a foreign government fr6m collecting a just
debt or to back up some one of our sister re
publics in a refusal to pay Just debts: and
the alternative may in any case prove to be
that we shall ourselves unueitake to bring
ebout som" arrangement by which so much
a« is possible of the just obligations shall be
pzld. Personally I should always prefer to see
th's country step in and put through such an
ananpemf-nt rather than let any foreign coun
try undertake it
nmnded hr our sself-respec t that this
action will not take the form of ter
ritorial agcrandlicnient on our part,
nnd that It will only be taken at nil
with the most extreme reluctance and
not without having exhausted every ef
fort to avert it.
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT SHOULD
SUPERVGAS BIG CORPORATION'S
Under the present arrangement the inde
pendence of the island Is scrupulously respect
ed, the danger o"f violation of the Monroe doc
trine by the intervention- of foreign powers
var.tehss, and the interference of- our Govern
ment is minimized, so that we. only act In
conjunction with the Santo Domingo authori
ties* to secure the proper administration of the
custom*, and therefore to secure, the. payment
of Just debts and to secure the Santo Domini
can Government against demands .for unjust
dt-bts. The' present method' prevents- -there
being any need of our establishing any kind
of protectorate over the island, and gives the
ppople of Santo Domingo the same chance U)
move onward and upward which we have'al
ready given »o the people of Cuba. It will be
dr.ubly to 'our discredit as a nation if we fail
t>> take advantnge of this chance;- for it will
be of damage to ourselves, and, .above, all, It
will be of lncaculable damage to Santo Do
mingo. Every consideration of wise policy,
and. above all, every consideration of large
generosity, bids us meet the request of Santo
Domingo as we are now trying to meet ; it.-
Under tbe course taken, stability and
order and' all' tbe benefits of pence are
at last coming to Santo Doinlntio, al!
dansrr 'of foreign intervention ' has
cfiihcrt, and there ia at last a prospect
that all creditors will get Juntice* no
more iukl no lens. If the arrangement
is terminated, chnos will follow; and It
chaos follows, sooner or later this Gov
ernment may he Involved in serious dif
ficulties with foreign Governments over
the inland, or else may be forced itself
to intervene in tbc island -In some un
pleasnnt fashion.
ing the custom-hous»s and collecting the reve*
| nue u-lth efficiency and honeety has completely
; dlsocuraged all revolutionary movement, while
• It has already produced such an Increase in
(.the revenues that the Government Is actually
i petting more from th« 43 per cent ' tfiat we
j turn over to it than It' got formerly when it
[took thj entire revenue. Tnis Is enabling the
j poor harassed people of Sanio Domingo once
I mon to turn their attention to Industry and
I to b»j free from the curse of Interminable rev
[olutlonary disturbance. \u25a0 it offers to all bona
| fide creditors. .-American and -European, the
| only real good chance to oDtam that to which
they ar» Justly. entitled, .while it in return gives
I to Santo Domingo the 'only opportunity of'de-'
I feiipe against claims which It ought not to pay—
I for now if it meets the views of the Senate we
hhall ourselves thoroughly, examine all these
i -claims, whether American vr foreign, and -«ee
that none tliat are improper axe paid. Indeed,
the only "effective opposition' to the treaty, will
prataJly come from dishonest -credltore, foreign
f^nd American, and from the professional rev
\u25a0 olutionists of the island nsetf. We have al-'
, ready pood reason to believe that some of th 6
creditors who do not dare expose their claims
; to horn?=i" scrutiny are endeavoring to etir up
1 sedition in the Island, and are also endr-avor
j ing: to stir up opposition to the treaty both In
] Domingo and here, trusting that in one
or the other It mayt>e possible to se-
I cure either the rejection of the treaty or else
: it* am'.-ndment In such fashion ac sto be tan
; tamount to rejection.
The President finished speaking at 11:59
o'clock. The party embarked on the spe
cial trolley car at the road gate and
thirty minutes later were on board the
special train at L»ake wood.
Of coarse there Is always the danger
of abuse if legislation of this type In
approached in a hysterical or. senti
mental spirit, or. above all. If It is ap
proached In a spirit of envy and hatred
toward men of wraith.
\u25a0VVe must not try to go too fast, under
penalty of finding that we may. be KoinK In
the wrong direction; and in any event, we
ought always to proceed by evolution and not
by revolution. The laws must be conceived
and executed in a EDirit of lanlty and jus
tice. • and with exactly as much regard for
the rights of the b'S man as for the rights
of the little man-r-treating big roan and little
man exactly alike.
Our ideal must be the effort to combine all
proper freedom for individual effort with some
guarantee that the eflort la not exercised in
contravention of the eternal and immutable
principle* of justice.
There are good people who" are afraid of
each type of legislation; and much the same
kind of argument that is now advanced
against the effort to regulate big: corporations
has been acairi and azatn advanced against
the effort to secure proper employers' lia
bility laws or proper factory laws with ref
erence to women and children; much the same
kind of argument was advanced but five years
ago against the franchise tax law enacted In
this State while I was Governor.
their effe<stß. which spring from overcapitali
zation. Or It may be necessary to meet \u25a0 such
conditionals those with which I am now deal
ing and to strive to procure ', proper super
vision and regulation by the national Govern
ment of all creat corporations engaged \n
interstate commerce or 1 doing an interstate
business
Throughout the evening rain fell, but
without the usual refreshing effect oi
a summer shower.
PORTSMOUTH. N*. H.. Auff v 11.—Mil
lions of mosquitoes and Intolerable heat
confront the plenipotentiaries of Russia
and Japan and their suites. Through
out the entire day th^re has been no
relief from the heat and humidity. Just
at dark a listless warm rain set in.
Its only effect was to drive swarms of
mosquitoes- into the hotet and the.
guests had either to bar themselves in
their rooms or walk, stamp and beai.
the mosquitoes off.
No one has felt the heat more than
has Mr. Witte. He la a heavy man. of
large stature and not accustomed to
extreme climatic conditions of summer.
He worked in his rooms throughout the
day and every moment was dreno'ued
\u25a0with perspiration. When the iinal "»-
vision of the French and Englisa text?
of the Russian reply to the Japanese '
terms had been concluded shortly after 4
o'clock he and Baron Rosen entered
their automobile and were off for a
spin of nearly two hours along the
shore roads. This was the only recrea
tion for the Russians. The Japanese
envoys did not indulge themselves even
to the extent of a drive.
Rusalan nnd Japanese Plenipotentiaries
Battle With the Insects.
MOSQI'ITOES AXXOY ENVOYS.
We cannot permanently adhere to the Monroe doctrine
unless we succeed in making it evident in the first place
that we do not intend to treat it in any shape or way as
an excuse for aggrandizement on our part at the expense
of the republics to the' gouth of us : second, that we do
not intend to permit it to be used by any of these repub
lics as a shield to protect that republic from the conse
quences of its own misdeeds against foreign nations ; third,
that inasmuch as by this doctrine we prevent other na
tions from interiering on this side of the w^ater, we shall
ourselves in good faith try to help those of • our sister .re
publics which need such help upward' toward- peace and
order. It must be understood that under no circum
stances will the United States use the M*onroe doctrine as
a cloak for territorial aggression. — From President Roose
vclCs Address, , \u0084.,.. '.'\u25a0.:,
FIRM AGAINST AGGRESSION.
As regard* O>* first point, we must recog
nize th* fa<"t that ir. nsK £'_>uth American
cr-nrtn^s Th»r* hs» hwn much ruspi<-K>n Ust
»c should interpret \he M"tiro«» <lortrin» in
K^m*- way tr.imlcal to their int^r^stK. Xow.
kt it I* onflwrstood rrnr* Tot all t!:st no Just
j»ni orderly <;-.v*>riim>»nt on this <v.;nin*m has
F.nyTh.np to f*ar frnm us* Th»i-- at- certain
Of the republic* south of us «rbtcb have r.l
rrm&S re»cb«<l suoVi a point oT 'ftaliiiity. order
end [rt-OFXH-rfty that they are tlitmwlvfs. al
though a*- ytt hardly oonsoious-ly. fining the
guarantor* of this d<vrtrlne. No stable and
rrcuing An.erican repuWic ti-ijh^s to see soir.*-.
great non-American military power acquire
territory In its neighborhood.
Ix-t us look lor a mnrarat at n hat the Hon.
,-oe d'"trirf really is-- It forbids the territo
rial encroachment of ri'-.n-Americsir: rowers on
.Amerirar; ?<\u25a0:!. Its pur|rfw<* la partly to Sf-
<>:;•- Ji-.i- nation asrair.i-t tr*in»; erreat military
pnwfrs obtain new footholfl* in th* Western
Hejnispher*. and partly to secure to nur ffllow
republics couth of us th<» chance to develop
fclong- their i»«n lines viithout b^ing- oppressed
cr ccrqiiPiod by non-Arrt-riran powers. As wt
tiave prown more and m"n> powa'fUl our b<Jvo
<ary*of this doctrlti* has b»» e n rerpivpi with
mot* anrt more r»6pee*: but what has tended
most 'o give the doctrine sta"'iirig among the
naii^n? Is mr pnwins «rtUlß»m*a to show
th»t we not only mean what »*e fay ami are
pr«pmre4 to ba--k Lt up. V>ut that we mean to
recneni** o'Jr oMisatlons 1 to foreisn peoples no
|ecf 'h*r. 10 Insist upon our own rights
\\> rsnnot pfrnifiu^ntly adh»r«" to Ihe
Vnnmf d^ftrlnc nolrsK *«r uuorrort In
,n::MPS it ovl<l«*nt In the first place
Hurt «•• \u25a0'\u25a0• not intrnd to trent It In any
nbapp or way a» an finiw for a»e
pran«!lj.en>» > iit on «»»ir pnrt «t «hr *i
prnxr of the republic to the south of
u»: cprond, that «vf do not Intend to
lit-rti.it it in ho u*r<] by nny of theKe
T<ptibli'-«. a* a Miielri ta protect tbnt
republic from the ronKequences of ita
own ti.i < -?<-e<l« ncrHlnMt foreign nations;
third, that inn«iiinrh as hy thin doc
trine «c present other nations from
interferinc on thin »!<'.«• of the water,
>\u25a0> <• vliail nur!>r!irs in irood fiitth try
t<> help thohc of our niKter republic*,
illicit need such help, npirartl ton.mi
pence and order.
To-day I \vi>h 10 s|<cak to you on one fea
ture of oui national foreign jx>:ir>- and one
leatnt* "I r «r nali- nal domestK policy.
The Monroe Oxrtvino is m>t a i>art of inl<r
natt'i:ial lau\ But it is the fundamental fea
tur«r -jt our entire foreign policy so far as the
V\>etern llpr.ii-i'her*- is ooacerned, and it has
*n«)r«? and more hff-'A 'neetir.B with recogni
tion abroad. The reason why it ts meeting
Miitli thi* re< r.gnition is lifcaus* 1 . »t have nc<
allowed it to become fossilized, but have
adnjifd oar construction <^f ii to jn*«t the
priming, \u25a0 hanging nef-(Js of this h«nl*ph*re,
PosfiUlsatioa, of court*, moans <i»-«th. whether
to an ;nnivi'!uai. a povernnient or a doctrine.
It ;^ put of th» vjufstion io < laini a right
tn<] \<t slii-k the responsibility fct ex<frcitVng
that right. Wh«-n we announce a policy such
&> th" Monroe' doctrine »c thereby commit
otarselves to accepting the consequences of the
policy, and the>e cinf-quencf s from time to
time ait^r
The breakfast was served in the depart
ment of democratic sciences, the waiters
b^in? young women of vrell-known Chai:
tauqua families. At SO) o'clock th^ Pros-
U'er.x and party were taken for a tliirty
rr.lnute drive thicugh the -Chautauqua
grounds, escorted by a guard of honor
ft'm the thirteen separate companies. As
the President alighted from his carriage
h< discorered a bright two-year-old child
\u25a0waving a flag in the arms of his father.
"Ah," said the President, "here is a lit
tV- Oiauiauquan who is going to grow
into a good American citizen." a.nd to the
delight of the father and mother the
President chucked the future American
undti the chin. Through a line of K)J
boys and girls the President was escort
oO to the assembly amphitheater, his way
beiiiA strewn with Dowers. When lie ap
peared o:\ the platform President Roose
velt was greeted by 10 .'WO people with
cheers and the Chautauqua salute. Bish
op ; Vincent introduced President Roose
v.!i to the great audience in a few sim
ple sentences:, concluding with the sdg
pestion, "Let us give President Roose
velt the Chaiitaucjua salute at its best."
Instantly 10.0W white handkerchiefs
fluttered in the air over the h"«tds of the
\;i>t audience In the great amphitheater,
3: v.«s an Inspiring sight, and as Presi
<3< r.t Roosevelt stepped forward smiling
the audience rose as one person and
cheered enthusiastically. The President
then spoke as follows:
GIVES BIG OVATIOX.
- CHACTAUQtJJC X. V..' Aug. 11.-Piesi
cient RcosereJt arrived lun- ax. z o'clock
on a sp.-c'al <ny over the Chautauguan
line. The Presidential car arrived at
Lake wood «:i a special train and was
lilaeeu on a siding. The trip was without
Inejdert. During the night one of the se
cret service officeis was roLbod of a
wasch while asleep.
The ruin wh-Vh *«ad been falling for sov
eral hours rame down in torrents and the
hills about Lake wood reverberated with
almost constant pea is of thunder. The
Cbautauqua committee, <umpused of
Archbishop J"ht) Vincent, Dr. T. C Vin
cent, Ira Miller aiiii J. C. Npvill*. waited
ujwn President Roo^t-veit at 7:3"' o'clock.
Alter an exchange of greeting* the Presi
3enl was escorted fo a private car on the
::\u25a0'•; line anO the short trip t<» the ns-
Btmbly grounds \va? begun. As early as
6 o'clock :is many a<s Id.OW persons had
assembled at the camp theater to secure
f^ats. The routs over which the Presi
df:;t was to 6cme to th- grounds ha<] not
l"vn made public, and o:?!y a tew people
greeted him en his arrival at the gates.
Ii«- oncroii a carriage* and was ettccrted
m Hip-,i:ns Haii. whire a breakfast was
given _ by th? Chautauqtia trustees. About
i; ./. jix U «. in. tb*» ' 'haniainiiH* leaders
from tt'estern New York wer^ presented.
There vrai no handshaking, but President
Rooseveli lieM an Informal reception and
greeted many of the guests well known
to him.
RE VIEWS, AFFAIRS
IN SAETO DOMINGO
recently lndioted in Chicago, It Is im
possible louder to .show leniency. More
over, if the ex letting; lutv proven to be
inudoqunte, so that under established
rules of evidence clear -violations may
not be readily proved, defiance of the
lan mußt inevitably lead to farther
legislation.
This legislation may be more drastic than I
would prefer. If fo, it must be distinctly un
derstood that it will b« because of the stubborn
.determination of some of the {Treat combina-
tlons in striving to pr«wnt the en
forcement of the law as it stands',
by every lievlct. legal- and illegal.'
Very many of \u25a0 these men neern to think that
the alternative is simply between submitting
to the mild kind of governmental control we
advocate and the absolute ireedom to do what*'
ever they think best. They are greatly Jn,er
ror. Either they will have to submit to rea
sonable supervision and regulation by the na-
tlonal authorities or else they, will ultimately
have to submit to governmental action of a far
more drastic . type. Personally, ! I think our
peopl* would be most unwise if they let any
exasperation due to the. acts of certain great
\u25a0corporations ;drive them into drastic action,
and 1 should oppose such action. But the
great- .corporations are themselves' to blame if
by their opposition townat is legal and Just
they foster .the popular feenng which tells for
such drastic action.
OPPOSES TAKING
ANY HASTY ACTION
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— Secretary of
State Root, who recently entered Piesi
dent Roosevelt's Cabinet, says the Times
to-day, severed all connections with a
number of financial institutions of which
he was formerly a director. .'Mr.. Root re
cently resigned, it became known *yestef
day, from the boards of the .Morton
Trust Company, the National Bank of
Commerce, the "Continental Fire Insur
ance Company, the Title Guaranty and
Trust Company and several other cod-"
pqrations.
This action was taken, the Times con
tinues, in order that he might assume the
Secretaryship of State without being in
any way allied with corporate interests.
In conversation with hi 3 associates he is
said to have expressed the opinion that
it was better for him to be free of his
former connection with these institutions
as a director, and for this reason he re
signed from them all.
Root has betn a director of some of
these institutions for some years, includ
ing the period when he was Secretary
of War. Inquiry among.his former fellow
directors failed to reveal Root's reasons
for differentiation between the two posi
tions in the Cabinet so far as they affect
ed his personal business affairs. A • : %
Corrective Legislation
Will Be Enacted
by Congress.
The strange mingling of summer
guests and the foreigners who have
come with the peace missions in va
rious capacities, and the precision of
etiquette observed between th*> large
corps of Japanese correspondents and
those who have come over from Europe,
occasion many amusing scenes on the
broad veranda and spacious parlors
and lounging rooms of the hotel. When
two Japanese correspondents meet, no
matter if for the fifteenth time the same
day, each will stop short before the
other and execute a bow which for me
chanical precision and accelerity of
movement is ideal.
The Japanese with the peace mission
exhibit great cordiality, and particularly
toward the Americans, and their enter
prise In placing themselves In positions
to observe the news rivals all competi
tors. This push was Illustrated most fav
orably on the day of the landing of the
envoys at the navy yard. Two Japa
nese correspondents presented themselves
to an official for admission to the yard.
They were told that passes had been
restricted, but were advised that should
the whole corps of Japanese correspon
dents get together and designate one of
their number, it would be undoubtedly
possible to gain admission for him.
ejaculated one of the tjv*"with
out a second's hesitation, and." placing his
hand on his chest, he executed the ever
present bow, ''me, I will go. Give me
the pass."
After the orchestra had concluded its
labors for the evening and there seemed
nothing to do' but fight mosquitoes, some
one proposed that the party "go to Jer
uanlem" in the ballroom. Something !ike
twenty young people Immediately scamp
ered to the spacious room and In a jiffy
the same number of chairs were In. the
center of the floor.. A tune was started
on the piano, the party joined bands
around the chairs and then scrambled
for them, repeating the operation every
time the music stopped. Aimaro Sato.
Minister Resident, and Commander Takas
hlta, of the Japanese suite, were eager
participants in the game. Mr. Sato was
the hero of the game.
One of the biggest features of the
day at the Wentworth Hotel was the
publication of the Japanese terms. Ef
forts were made to discredit their au
thenticity, but neither the Japanese nor
the Russians would discuss the subject,
and before nightfall all of those Inter
ested became convinced of their ac
curacy. Both Mr. Sato and Mr. Koros
tovitz, the spokesmen of their re
spective sides, declined to say anything
officially about the terms which, by
mutuil agreement, were to be kept se
cret, but Mr. Korostovitz. in the name
of M". \u25a0 Witte, did not hesitate to con
firm the accuracy of the Associated
Press' . statement, especially that the
Russian reply was completed and would
be delivered to-morrow. He even went
to the extent of saying that it would
be an agreement on some points, condi
tional agreement on some and rejec
tion of some : of the terms. He,al3o took
occasion to confirm the statement that
M. Witte had received no instructions
from St. Petersburg regarding the na
ture of the reply to be given, as his
powers were ample.
JAPANESE AXE COURTEOUS.
The question of the credentials has been
amicably adjusted upon the, assurance of
the Japanese that the powers granted
Baron Kurnura were in the regular form
always employed by Japan. Mr. Witte
will not "pursue the matter further. It is
believed that his object in presenting his
note on the subject was that it might go
into the record of the conference to show
that the widely published intimations
from Japanese sources before the confer
ence that the powers granted him would
not be full and ample were not only with
out foundation, but that his powers were,
in fact, greater than those bestowed upon
Earon Komura.
SATISFIES!) WITH CREDENTIALS*
"The Japanese Government has only
asked what, according to Japanese ideas,
are considered most moderate terms. A
strong party in Japali favored claiming
not only Sagfca'.ein, the L-faoiung Penin
sula, a protectorate over Kdrea and the
evacuation of Manchuria, but also the
cession to Japan of the territory around
the mouth of the Amur."
issue that' no Japanese statesman could
possibly dare to withdraw the terms
which have been proposed as the basis
01* peace.
Foreign Affairs, and other high officials.
Little, however, has been accomplished
in the way of formulating an answer em
bodying advice to M. Witte.
The full Japanese terms in detail were
not contained in one message, but com
prised several, all of which had to b«
deciphered, nnd it was comparatively late
In the day before the matter was finally
in shape for the serious and profound
examination which its gravity and seri
ous portent renders Imperative. Conse
quently the examination of the conditions
as a whole could not begin until more
than twelve hours after the arrival of
the first message. The terms were sent
to the Emperor at Peterhof to-day, and
although communications passed between
the Foreign Office and Peterhof during
the day. Count Lamsdorff did not go
higher. Despite the fact that M. Wltt»
has sufficiently broad powers to give Rus
sia's answer to the Japanese, it was de
clared at the Foreign Office to-day that
he would have to wait 'before so doing
until advised from here after the terms
had been thoroughly considered. Their
examination Is being pushed with the
greatest rapidity consistent with the seri
ousness of the matter in hand.
No Just Government
Has Cause to Fear
Uncle Sam.
READY TO STAND
BY WHAT WE SAY
NO LENIENCY TO
. BE SHOWN THEM
Reply to Demands of Japanese; Is Pre
pared by Czar's Representative.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
Trusts Must JBe Forced
to Respect Exist
- ~ ing Laws.
Chief Executive Defines
Our National For
eign Policy.
The violations of the law known as '. the anti-trust law,
which was meant to meet the conditions thus arising, have
more and more become confined to the larger combina
tions, the very ones against whose policy of monopoly and
oppression the policy of the law was- chiefly directed.
Many of these combinations by secret methods and by
protracted litigation are still unwisely seeking to avoid
the consequences of their illegal action. The Government
has very properly exercised moderation in attempting to
enforce the criminal provisions of the statute : but it has
become our conviction that in some cases, such as that of
at least certain of the beef puckers recently indicted in
Chicago.it is impossible longer to show leniency. More-,
over,. if the law proves to be« inadequate; so r that under cs-.
tablished rules of evidence clear violations may not be
readily proved, defiance of the law must inevitably lead to
further \u25a0 legislation. — From President . Roosevelt's Address.
CURBING OF THE TRUSTS.
Russian Envoys Not Inclined to Cede
Territory' or Pay Indemnity.
THINKS IT IS BETTER
designs Even From Director
ships He Retained While
He Held War Portfolio
New Secretary of State Cuts
Loose From All His For
mer Financial Connections
ROOSEVELT DISCUSSES THE MONROE
DOCTRINE AND THE BIG TRUSTS.
ROOT SEVERS
BUSINESS TIES
PEACE OUTLOOK
IS VERY GLOOMY
;\ THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY AUGUST 12, 1905.
Summer Colds.
Laxative Bromo Quinine. th« world wid« Cold
Cure, removes th« cause. Call for tat full nam*
and look for signature of E. W. Grov*. 83c •
I»r« :t«»«'t fen. .Torilo:! TJiclr Cnstoni
llociscs iiy This Government Dls
conr»Ke« the Revolutionist*. ~
The custom-houses offer well-nigh the ! orily
sources of i-evenue in Santo Domingo, and the
different revolutions usually have as their real'
aim the obtaining possession of these custom
hmi»«. The mere fact that we are protect-
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. IL—To-day
has been given over In the Foreign Office;
to a literal and careful deciphering of.
the Japanese terms and to putting them
into proper form for transmission to . tue
Emperor without loss of time and sub
sequently .to a preliminary consultation,
between Count Lamsdorff, Minister o*
ted to- the' Emperor.
Wltte'a Meisagt Is Promptly Transmit-
people of saxto uomixgo
<;i\t;n kklief rv uncle -svji
2E. H. HARRIMAN. FINANCIER AND RAILROAD PRESIDENT, HEAD OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. UNION PACIFIC. KTC.. WHO ARRIVED IX SAN
FRANCISCO YESTERDAY EN ROUTE TO THE ORIENT.
That 93500 snap In Mission property
f2> flats advertised last Sundar— -Sold.
Wide-awake buyers will flnd equally
jcood Investments la next Sunday's
Realty Columns.
RETIRED POLICEMAN DlES.— Captain
Burnett wai notified yesterday that'ex-Pollce
man J. C. - Hall died at Mtddletown, ' Lake
County, on Thursday night. Hall jsined the
force in IS7S and was retired on a pension la
litfl. He wsi 64 y«*r« of aic*.
REDDING, Aug. 11. — Thousands of
bats have taken possession of the North
Pine-street schoolhouse in this city.
School cannot open till the pests have
been exterminated. The Health Board,
with the Schol Trustees, will wage war
with carbolic acid and sulphur.
Bats Overrun School.
WASHINGTON, Aug. .11.— The Com
missioner of the General Land Office
has withdrawn from entry 11,000 acres
of land in the Waterville (Wash.) land
district. The land, is to be used, ln con
nection with the reclamation work.
Blr Acreage Is . Withdrawn.
Four Pernonn Die From Heat.
CHICAGO. Aug. 11.— Four persons
died in this city to-day as a result of
the heat and twenty-three others were
prostrated.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— The Comp
troller of the Currency to-day issued a
certificate authorizing the First Na
tional Bank of Corona, Cal., to begin
business. Capital $29,000. Ernest H.
May, president; -William E. Hlbbard,
vice president; John P. Key, cashier.
Rank Authorized at Corona.
BUTTE. Mont., Aug. 11. — A Mlssoula
dispatch -states that the operators met
to-night and refused to consider the
proposition of General Manager Horn
to return to work. Strike headquarters
issued a statement to the effect \ that
.not one of the .operators who struck
has returned to work.
SIOUX ,CITY.' lowa, Aug. 11.— All but
two of the striking telegraphers on the
Wilmaf and Sioux Falls division -"j of
|the ' Great Northern resumed work this
morning . on the conditions offered at
the time they walked out, and traffic
has been resumed. - "V; iga&SSffii
Operators Refuse the Terms.
WASHINGTON'/ Aug. 11. — Secretary
Bonaparte has authorized the use of his
name as a member or ' the advisory
board of the Bennington Memorial As
sociation of San Diego, Cal.. which pro
poses to erect a modern sailors' club
house at San Diego as a memorial to
those who lost their- lives as, a result
of the explosion aboard the Bennington.
Itennlnvton Memorial.
Cost of a '"Marshall Fountain Pen is the
workmanship." In this p«n we give more
than Js expected. It is the best pen that ever
sold for a dollar. You can have it in fine, me
dium or stub pens, black and mottled holders.
"Waterman Ideal" Fountain Pens. $2.50 to $5
each. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
The Principal
STOCKTON. Aug. 11.— The City Coun
cil to-night refused to grant H. H.
Griffiths an extension pt time on his
street car franchises. An application
for a new. franchise over many streets
was filed by the Central California
Traction Company. The Council took
the matter under advisement and at an
early date will pass upon It. The mem
bers of the body are in favor of the
road, but will put certain restrictions In
the franchise.
Time on Street Car Fran
chises.
Refuses to Grant Him an Extension of
STOCKTON COUNCIL DECIDES
AGAINST H. H. GRIFFITHS
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— An order
will be Issued by the War Department
shortly diminishing the term of service
for army staff officers in the Philippines
from three years to two and a half
years, counted- from the time of sail
ing until the time of return. In thi3
way tho time during which these of
ilcers will serve will} be two years and
four -months.
Array Stall Officers Ordered to Orient
Will Rpiunin There Two Years '
and Four Months.
TERM OF PHILIPPINE
SERVICE TO BE SHORTER
. PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 11.— Orders
from Washington have been received
at the Mint to cease operations and dis
pense with .the services of the 600 em
ployes, except those necessary to at
tend to the affairs of the institution
when coinage lias been stopped.
Th« 1,000,000 pieces now being coined
will be. finished in a few days, and there
is no more bullion to be coined. It was
expected tJiatthe authorities would
consent to the coinage of 106,000,000 sil
ver dollars, which were stored at the
Mint, into subsidiary. coins, but instead
of this work, Superintendent Landis has
been instructed to close the institution.
Coining AVIII Cease for the Present and
600 Employes >lu»t Seek
Other Jobs.
GOVERNMENT ORDERS MINT AT
PHILADELPHIA SHUT DOWN
At the height of the storm a baby
was born in the steerage and named after
the ship. v
The storm began in the morning of
August 2. A few hours later waves were
rolling over the ship and the steerage
passengers were locked beneath decks
and bags of oil hung over the sides of
the ship for thirty-six hours as a pro
tection. During twenty-four hours the
waves ran so high that the liner was un
able to hold her course and the ship
drifted with the storm. Some lifeboats
were carried away. .
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— For twenty- four
hours the' Hamburg-American liner Graf
Waldersee drifted at the mercy of a hur
ricane which struck her during the trans-
At.antic voyage which the steamship
finished to-day in safety. On arrival at
their pier to-day, only two hours late, the
passengers held a reception to thank Cap
tain A. Krech for bringing them safely
through the greatest storm in the history
of the Graf Waldersee and one of the
worst ever faced by an Atlantic liner. • ,
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11. — Protests
against the use of wine at the launch
ing of the battleship Kansas are^ dally
received at the Navy Department. To
all of them Secretary Bonaparte re
turns one answer, that the ship Is the
property of the contractors up to the
time when_ it is formally turned over
to the Government and that the Navy
Department, being the guest of the
contractors at the launching, cannot
properly object to any detail of the
ceremonial. -•-."\u25a0'
* Special OSsp&tch to The Call.
Hamburg-American Steam
ship Graf Waldersee Passes
Safely Through Storm.
WOOSTER. Ohiu, Aug. 11.— At the
opening of court to-day in the Taggart
divorce case, Justice Eaton of the Su
preme Court ruled out the testimony of
Detectives Mabee and Morris, by whom
the plaintiff expected to show mis
behavior oh Mrs. Taggart'R part. The
ground was that the young man in ques
tion, a Bon of a Wooster clergyman, had
not been named in the pleadings.
On resuming his testimony, the cap
tain referred to the Matanzas champagne
supper. He told his wife that it would
be better to send a visiting woman friend
home to her husband if that was the
kind of parties they expected to have.
This woman left next day. Mrs. Taggart
had "not commented on the episode,
though witness had told her It was most
disgraceful and expressed his hope that
no one would find it out. Captain Tag
gart then testified as to various Improper
acts on the part of his wife, naming
various co-resoondents, and described his
unsuccessful attempts to keep her away
from them.
Receives Protests Against
Use of Wine at Battle
ship Launching.
ATLANTIC LINER AT
MERCY OF HURRICANE
Officer Names Various Co-Re
spondents and Testifies to
Wife's 1m proprieties.
BONATAIITE HAS THE
- ONE ANSWER FOlt ALL
Dr. William Martin of San Francisco,
retired surgeon. United States navy,
recently wlredto the Secretary of the
Navy that he stood ready to go to New
Orleans for. duty among fever-stricken
patients. When the plague was at its
worst, many years ago, Dr. Martin was
assistant surgeon aboard a \ United
States monitor in the gulf. He went
ashore at New Orleans and render..*,
such constant and efficient service
among the plague-stricken patients
that the Grand Army posts of that city
adopted resolutions commending him
for skill and patience amid perilous
surroundings. The department by wire
acknowledges the receipt of Dr. Mar
tin's telegram volunteering his ser
vices for further duty.
Rends for Active. Duty.
CAPTAIN TAGGAIIT IS
AGAIN ON THE STAND
Belcher of Pater»on Reported to Be In
California, but Authorities Know
Nothing of Him.
PATERSON. N. J.. Aug. 11. — Public
Prosecutor Emly said to-day that
Mayor William H. Belcher of this city,
who disappeared more than ten days
ago. leaving his financial affairs In a
very bad way, had been 'seated at
Stockton, Cal. A warrant ha 3 been is
sued for the Mayor's arrest on a cbjrse
of embezzlement. Information of hU
presence In Stockton came by postal
card, which was held up by the postal
authorities.
STOCKTON. Aug. 11. — Nothing is
known here by the Sheriff, the Chief of
Police or the postmaster concerning
William H. Belcher, wanted at Pater
son. N. J., for embezzlement.
MOBILE, Ala., Aug. 11. — Fears are
entertained here for the safety of Theo
dore P. Shonts and the yacht Michael
Marguedora, which left here more than
a week ago bound for Greenwich, Conn.
The Marguedora is a large naval yacht
and has a capacity of about 500 gallons
of naphtha. This would require her put
ting; into points en route for •supplies.
Ace ox ding to reckoning the vessel
should have reached one of the Atlantic
ports ttveral days ago. Arringenienfs
hud been made for the master to report
to paities in this city on arrival at
Pensacola, where it was intended to add
another engineer to the crew. When
last heard from the Marguedora had
crossed Mobile bar in a howling north
west gale.
Fears Are Entertained at Mobile for (lie
Safety of Theodore P.
Sbonts.
YACHT MAY HAVE FOUNDERED
IN HOWMXG NORTHWESTER
FUGITIVE EASTERN MAYOR
SAID TO BE VI STOCKTON
"What's the difference, dear?" he said.
"We might as well stand before an an
vil as an altar. The knot will be tied
just as firmly."
The ceremony was performed, the
Justice dropped his fee in a pocket un
der his leather apron and went on with
his work. The couple departed happy.
"Yes, in this shop or nowhere, just
now," answered Justice Hughes, with
out stopping for a second in the shap
ing of a redhot horseshoe.
The pretty widow gasped and turned
crimson. Dinwiddle bit his lips, looked
from the blacksmith to his bride and
then smiled. ' ;:'
TINCUP, Colo., Aug. 11. — Justice of
the Peace Hughes, who is also the vil
lage blacksmith, does not believe in
style when it comes to tying nuptial
knots, nor does he approve of neglect
ing business "just to marry somebody,"
as he puts it. Tuesday J. G. Dinwiddle
of Cedar Edge came to Tincup to make
Airs. Lou McCord, a charming widow of
this place, his bride. The couple called
on Judge Hughes, who •was . very busy
shoeing: horses. They toW "his Honor"
their mission and he pfomptly asked
them to join hands and be made one.
"But not in this shop, In front of the
forge," said the bride, with horror.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A farm hand a few yards distant was
thrown to the ground, but he soon re
covered and did his best to extinguish
the flames in the dead woman's clothing.
The frantic husband reached his wife's
side and In his efforts at righting the lire
burned his hands through a pair of heavy
gloves.
RED LODGE, Mont.. Aug. 11.— During
a thunderstorm that passed over this
city, Mrs/George Brown, a young woman,
well known throughout this section of
the country and Northern Wyoming, was
helping her husband to care for his hay
just before the storm came on. As she
was riding the rake at quite a distance
from her husband, a bolt of lightning
descended and struck her dead. The bolt
evidently struck her on the neck, leaving
two black spots and two corresponding
indentations on the iake. The body was
thrown forward over the front of the
rake and her clothing immediately took
fire, burning off everything but shoes and
stockings, and literally cooking the
corpse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Colorado Magistrate Is
Also the Village .
Blacksmith.
Bolt Strikes Her to Ground
and Then Ignites \u25a0Vic
tim's. Clothing.
MONTANA WOMAN IS
KILLED BY LIGHTNING
WEDS COUPLE
AS HE WORKS
AT THE FORGE
the West is remarkably good and stead
ily improving, and he added that the
business of the Southern Pacific Com
pany is progressing with the general con
dition. Before undertaking the construc
tion of the tunnels throuf^i the Sierras
the Harriman syndicate will have started
a number of extensions of its lines in the
Northwest, where it is estimated that
about $10,000,003 will be expended.
It is said that a line will be built from
Drain to Marshfield, on Coos Bay. which
will connect the main lines of the syndi
cate with the Coos Bay, Roseburg and
Eastern Railroad. The latter extends
from Marshfield twenty-eight miles to
Myrtle Point, touching at Coquille, and
has a branch to Beaver Hill. Other ex
tensions are being planned in Washing
ton and Idaho, including many road
buildings between Rlparla and Grange
vilTe, the cost of which, it is understood,
will be shared by James J. Hill of the
rival railroad system.
On his return to New York three
months hence President Harriman will
take up with Kuhn, Loeb & Co., for
whom he acts as financial agent with a
degree of shrewdness that has earned
for him the enmity of Gould, Hill and
Clark, the plan for issuing a consolida
tion bond for the Southern Pacific lines
in lieu of the bonds new out. Many of
the Southwestern lines of the Southern
Pacific system are now paying as high
as 6 per cent on bonds. It is the Harri
man plan to redeem these bonds and is
sue a 4 per cent bond, thus saving the
financial backers of the big railroad syn
dicate millions of money in interest.
Arriving here yesterday with a number
of Southern Pacific officials, who went up
the road to meet him. President Harri
man sent his family direct to the Palace
Hotel, then proceeded to the Southern
Pacific Company's new offices on Califor
nia street, where he entered upon a long
conference. He also spent some time with
General Manager Schwerln of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, and at the
close of the day he announced that the
business discussions would be resumed
early to-day and continue until he is
ready to. leave for the Orient.
During the week the visitors will be
given a novel entertainment in tha
form of a camp stew at Ragon's Grove.
The stew will be cooked by Frank Dul
malne, one of the best chefs in the
State. For the stew four deer. 1500
doves, 100 rabbits. twenty dozen
chickens, two young lambs and other
things have been procured.
The election of officers by the order
will take place on Wednesday, while
Thursday will be fraternal day. when
many civil societies of this city and
Grass Valley will parade, besides the
military firemen and Rough Riders,
making one of the largest pa*?reant3
ever seen in the mountains. Friday
will be devoted to a trip to Grass Val
ley, where the delegates will see tha
mines.
NEVADA, Aug. 11.— This city Is be
ginning to present a gala appearance
for the Great Council of Red Men and
Daughters of Pocahontas next week.
The city Is being gayly decorated with
the national colors, while the streets
and business blocks are receiving spe
cial attention from skilled decorators.
A special train will arrive on Mon
day evening from San Francisco, bear-
Ing some 500 delegates. Wyoming
Tribe has arranged to meet the visitors
a*t Colfax with a brass band, while hun
dreds will greet them at the depot.
Monday night a reception will be ten
dered the visitors at Armory Hall by
the citizens. A select programme ha 3
been arranged, consisting of musical
and literary numbers, an address of
welcome by Mayor Chapman and Joslah
Sims, while Great Sachem Davis will
respond. Ex-Assemblyman Joseph V.
Snyder will act as master of cere
monies. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Visitors Will Be Served With
Camp Stew of Animals
and Birds.
NEVADA CITY WELL
ENTEKTALN' EED MEX
Rear Admiral A. E. K. Benha^n was
born in New York In 1832. He was
appointed to the Naval Academy from
New York November 24. 1847. Durliff
1847-S he was attached to the sloop
Plymouth of the East India Squadron.
While attached to the brig Dolphin.
East India Squadron, 1549-50, ho as
sisted in the capture of a piratical Chi
nese junk near Macoo, China, by a
party under the command of Acting:
Lieutenant, (late rear admiral) John Lv
Davis, and in boarding received a -»light
pike wound in the right thigh. Ho
was attached to the sloop Plymouth,
ISSO-1, and to the steam frigate Sara
nac. Home Squadron, IS6I-2. During
1852-3 he was stationed at the Naval
Academy. On June 10, 1553. he waa
promoted to passed midshipman. He
was assigned to the sloop St. Mary's,
Pacific Squadron, where he served urtll
1857. He received his commission us
Lieutenant September 16, 1555. During
1557-8 he was attached to the Coast
Survey. In ISSB-9 he served on the
steamship Westernport, attached to the
Brazil Squadron, and took part in the
Paraguay Expedition. He was attached
to the Crusader, Home Squadron, 1860
1. He took part In the battle of Port
Royal in IS6I, having been assigned to
the steamship Bienvllle of the Sou;ii
Atlantic Blockading Squadron during
ISGI-2. He was commissioned lieuten
ant commaivder July 16. 1862, and was
assigned to the steamship Sacramento
in I»G3. While commanding the steam
gunboat Penobscot of the Western Gulf
Blockading Squadron, 1563-5, he block
aded the coast of Texas for a period of
thirteen months without going into
port. In 1566 he was assigned to tem
porary duty at the New York Navy Yard
and in 1567 was assigned to specinl
service on the Susquehanna. He was
commissioned as commander on Jun«s
9. 1567.
During IS6S-9 Commander Benham
was stationed at the New York Navy
Yard. During IS7O-1 he performed the
duties of lighthouse inspector. The
Canonicus. an iron-clad of the North
Atlantic Squadron, was under his com
mand during IS7I-2, and he commanded
the Saugus, another iron-clad of the
North Atlantic Squadron, during 1872-3.
From 1871 until IS7B Commander Ben
ham served as lighthouse inspector. He
received his commission as captain
March 12, 1575. From 187S to 1881 he
commanded the Richmond on the Asia
tic station, when he Was assigned to
the navy yard at Portsmouth, N. H..
being stationed at that navy yard from
18S2 to ISS4. During 18S5-6 he again
performed the duties of lighthouse in
spector. He was promoted to commo
dore in October, ISSS. In ISBS he was
president of board. League Island. He
commanded the Mare Island Navy Yard,
ISS9-91. 1113 promotion to rear admiral
came, in February, 1890. From June,
IS9I, to June, IS'J2, he awaited orders.
From June. 1892. Admiral Benham com
manded the.North Atlantic station until
• his retirement a few years later.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— The death
of Rear Admiral A. E. K. Benham, re
tired, at Lake Mahopac, N. V.. was re
ported to the Navy Department to-day.
He was a member of the Schley Courc
of Inquiry.
DISTINGUISHED NAVAL OFFICER
WHO IS DEAD AT HIS HOME IN
NEW YORK.
A Tncre reference io the proposed new
electric line down the coast, which is be
ing promoted by James D. Phelan, J.
Downey Harvey and several other San
Francisco capitalists under the corporate
name of the Ocean Shore Railroad, did
r.ot seem to interest the Southern Pacific
president. Although it is known, that his
company \is quietly endeavoring to fore
stall the new enterprise by getting rights
cf way in its very path for another road,
Harriman remarked with a sig
nificant sign of indifference: "Oh, it don't
matter who builds that road. I don't
know anything about the project."
WKSTTRX BUSINESS GOOD.
President Harriman Eays business In
••y>s, we arc considering that prop
osition. In fact I am now on my way
to the Southern Pacific Company office
to tr.lk over the matter with our of-
Qclals, Of course, it is a stupendous
u::clc- making, and it is hard to say when
the work will be taken up. Such a
riere of work entails the expenditure
of a lot of money. We are now spend
ing immense sums on Improvements in
the West, and there Is a limit to all
expenditures. You may. however, state
that the tunnels Jn the Sierras will be
liorod, but when I am not yet ready
to say. although I hope that the be
ginning of the engineering work Is not
many months ahead."
The tunnels are planned for two pur
poses, one of which is the overcoming
of steep grades, and the other the do-
In,™ away with th»? forty-one enowsheds
that have been a constant annoyance
to the company for years. President
Jlarriinan said that the work on the
Hay Shore cutoff was being hurried
along as fast as possible and that aside
from this work nothing of great lm
jiortance to California was under con
sideration by himself and associates.
SriI,!.IO¥S AHE INVOLVED.
T4J.KS OF BIG TUXXEI-S.
President Harriman is going to the
Orient on matters of great moment, and
\u25a0*!;:!<=\u25a0 there he will carefully study con
ditions of trade that have a mighty
bearing on the Pacific commerce In
which his steamship lines are an im
j.r.rtant factor. The report that hd
would visit the Philippines with a view
to looking into the prospects there for
railroad traffic was denied by him yes
. v rday, as was also the story that after
citing the Orient he and his family
trould proceed around the world. On
the contrary, the man of millions will
return to New York by way of San
Francisco, and as he admitted it yester
day he added that he would let the peo
ple here know when he was coming.
That President Harriman shares with
the Inte Collis P. Huntington the feel
ing that California does not treat his
railroad enterprises fairly was never
more plainly shown than in his refer
pnre to the bridging of Carquinez
Straits. He confesses that the Southern
Pacific Company is exceedingly anxious
to rut a bridge over the waters from
Port Costa to Benicia, but he also says
t-at it is not purely a selfish motive
t¥~,t has prompted this project, but one
that will not only greatly facilitate the
transmission of freight but materially
add to the comforts of the traveling
j--.:hlic and shorten the time of travel
ing to and from San Francisco. Asked
concerning "other little matters," more
particularly the Ion;? talked of plan to
U:nnel the Sierra Nevada Mountains, a
project that the most cautious engi
r*-< rs, among thorn William Hood, have
estimated will cost in the neighborhood
of $45,000,000, the fame sum which, it
is estimated, it will cost to construct
th.- entire Western Pacific Railroad
from Salt Lake City to San Francisco,
President Harriman said:
"If the people of California will only
come to their senses the Southern Pa
ciSc Company may eventually build a
bridge across the Carquinez Straits and
greatly facilitate traffic business. At pres
er.i we are held back in this proposed un
d. raking by— what shall I call it —well
say notions." '
Edward H. Harriman, head of the gi
gantic system of Western railroads that
bc-ri.rs hie name, and the steamship lines
opt-ratir.g betwen t ..»s port and the
Orient, gave expression to the above re
mark yesterday while discus-sing the
probability of the Southern Pacific Com
pany's finally securing from the Wash
ington authorities the privilege of span
r.ir.g the straits with a bridge. His face
bore Its usually stern look, and his tone
plainly suggested tuat ne regards the re
cf-r.t public protests against the construc
tion of the bridge and :>-e interference of
navigation as a senseless move on the
j.>art of the citizens of California. He im
r:^c:aie'.y dismissed the subject and pro
ceeded to talk of other "little matters"
bs he was pleased to term them— mere
*. i.f.c-s. involving sums ranging from
." 00.000 to KO.'.iuG.tAjO— matters that have
:.;• ne-i the ingenious minds of some of
the cleverest enginere in the country and
: • even proved problems to some of
the noted tinanciers, including himself,
i f Wall street.
j. He Hirriman party, including Mrs.
Harriman; Julius Kruttschnitt. director of
maintenance and operations of the Harri
tnan lines; the Misses Mary, Cornelia and
Clara and Masters Avrell and Roland
Harriman; Hugh Neill, private secretary
to the railroad magnate; Octavius Bates,
tutor of the Harriman boys, and three
tea da and a valet, arrived here yester
c:-.y at 5 a. m. in a specia. train from the
: !:;;.. and have taken apartments at the
ice Hotel, where me Harriman family
iv ill remain until August 16, the date of
departure for the Orient.
Thf- txact purpose of President Harri
man's visit to the Far East is a secret
that be is not confiding to the American
public. The fact that his family accom
panies him augurs a possible pleasure
!-•;;•. bui jhe financier's friends in New
York know differently and merely attri
bute the presence of Mrs. Harriman and
i!.< children to the well known fact that
E. H. Harriman is, notwithstanding his
preat financial responsibilities, a great
lover of home life, and a man who is
more content in receiving the cheerful
greetings of a happy family than raking
!:: the dividends of his gigantic invest-
In the presence of a congregation of
mourners that partly filled the Cathe
dral, and with some fifty priests par
ticipating In the service, mass was said
to-day for Archbishop Chapelle. The
interment in the crypt of the Cathedral
followed. Archbishop Chapelle was the
second hend of the diocese to succumb
to the disease. Bishop Neckare, the
fourth Bishop of the diocese, died of
yellow fever here in 1833.
Tho Italian societies have completed
arrangements to relieve the distress of
their countrymen to the extent of fur
nishing them with meals daily.
Governor Blanchard to-day placed
$20,0'J0 at the disposal of Chairman
Janvier of the citizens' committee. The
Governor having made arrangements
for the loan of $100,000 from the fiscal
agents, will turn the money over to the
committee in installments as It is
needed.
Up to noon to-day a dozen cases of
fever had been omcially reported and
the fact that none of these were oases
turned up by the official inspectors, but
cases submitted ( by the doctors them
selves, was again taken as an encourag
ing sign. Dr. White himself is much
pleased with the evidence of improve
ment in the situation.
An unexpected blow was struck at
the Marine Hospital staff to-day when
one of the men sent there to assist
in the fight against the disease waa
himself stricken: The victim is Sur
geon G. M. Berry. Dr. Berry is a Texan
by nativity, but has lately been sta
tioned in New York. He was one of
the first to reach New Orleans and be
cause he had been through the Cuban
campaign and had the fever in Texas
he was considered to be immune ond
was put in charge of the work in the
original infected area, where the fever
raged most fiercely.
Dr. Berry has done yeoman service
in the matter of disinfection. He was
taken ill yesterday, and to-day his
case developed into, one of yellow fever.
He was removed to the Touro. Infirm
ary, where he is expected to speedily
recover. Dr. White has Impressed upon
his surgeons who are to work in the
lorelgn neighborhood the great virtue
ot patience. Many of the Italians and
other residents are unfamiliar with the
methods of the health authorities, and
Dr. White is seeking to treat them with
the leUst possible harshness.
A force of 100 men was engaged in
the work of disinfecting the lower sec
tion of the city to-day. There were S3
patients at th« Emergency Hospital,
.fcteiriier in the campaign, when the
number of cases treated there were con
siderably fewer, the death rate was
high, but it has nbw lessened, and daily
patients are being discharged as cured.
At Patterson, where there are now 30
cases, financial and other assistance is
said to be needed. There has been
considerable spread of the disease
there, and some distress exists among
the poorer classes.
With Surgeon White of the Marine
Hospital Service frankly expressing no
surprise at the increase in the number
of new cases of fever and expecting
that for some time to come there will
be a large quota brought to light daily
the people of New Orleans have made
up their minds to await in patience too
results of the Federal campaign which
is now fairly in swing. The life of a
stegmoyia mosquito has been definitely
ascertained, but the fever had made so
much headway when it was discovered
and it has prevailed so generally in the
lower sections of the city since then
that there are doubtless many of tne
insects which have escaped the disin
fecting crusade launched against them,
and they may be expected to transmit
the disease for some days longer at
least.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 11. — Officiarre
port to 6 p. m. :
New case* 61. Total to date §08.
Deaths 0. Total to date 133. Xcw sub
foel 1. Total to date 163.
Will Bore Tunnels
Through the •
Sierras.
Says People of the
State Acted Un
fairly.
Federal Doctors Expect Af
fairs to Get Worse Before
Any Results Are Achieved
From Present Campaign
NOT SURPRISED AT
SCOUKGE'S INCREASE
"1 do not pretend to have solved the
problem for touring vehicles. That can
only be possible when more charging sta
tions are spread about the country.
Young Cooper Hewitt of New. York has
helped solve that problem with hfs mer
cury rectifier, which takes the place of
the old transformer and makes it m pos
sible to convert the alternating currents
used in small towns so as to make them
available for charging the batteries."
The storage cell is small and encased
In iron. Instead of containing the old
lead plates of the original battery, it con
tains alternate plates of iron and nickel
in a potash lye solution.
"The troubles in the battery I have
been trying for two years to remedy have
been purely mechanical," said Edison.
"They have been greatly due to the
swelling of the nickel element I have
succeeded in reducing the weight of the
battery from forty to forty-five pounds
per horsepower. It has taken time tv
find out what was needed for this bat
tery. We cannot look ahead and see just
what such a thing is going to do after
we have it sketched on paper. In the
two years I have been experimenting we
have turned out some 14,000 cells of the
battery and have operated 160 auto
vehicles.
A small dealer can operate a delivery
wagon with its power at 5S per cent of
the cost of maintaining a horse. An or
dinary automobile will run 100 miles un
der ordinary conditions without recharg
ing. Under the most favorable conditions
150 miles can be covered at a speed of
twenty miles an hour.
More than these facts have been
claimed for the cell by others, but it was
not until yesterday that Edison himself
would even speculate as to the possibili
ties of his new invention. The wizard
has experimented with 14,000 cells to per
fect one. Yesterday, when he made an
nouncement that he is finally satisfied
with the results, he appeared to be as
happy as a schoolboy on a long vacation,
and now, he says, he is going to play
in the woods.
The cell as now perfected will drive a
two-ton truck at a rate of thirty-three
miles an hour with half the weight of the
old method.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— Thomas A. Edi
son announced yesterday afternoon at his
home in Orange that after two years ot
experimenting he is finally satisfied with
the merits of his new storage battery and
that he will at once begin the erection ot
a factory to manufacture the cells on a
large scale for the trade.
This is the latest, and while not the
greatest of ; the wizard's many inventions,
it is an accomplishment for which many
electricians^ have been striving many
years.
Mrs. Madden is at present trying
through her counsel to compel her hus
band to give testimony in her suit for
alimony. That his marital troubles ara
worrying the great horseman no c*ne who
knows him can deny. He seldom smiles
and refuses to discuss his troubles.
While asserting that never again will
he resume the relation of husband to
Mrs. Madden, the turfman cannot con
ceal the fact that he still loves her. la
speaking of his children Madden said:
"I lore my boys. They are fine, manly
little fellows, just at the age- when they
can be easily influenced. I intend to rear
them with every care for their health
and every regard for the welfare of their
eouls and the improvement of their
minds. My boys must be protected at any
cost, and I will defend them If necessary
with my life. Mrs. Madden can see them,
any hour of the day or night, but I don t
want them kidnaped nor spirited away."
At present Madden is paying his wife
$3000 annually and is willing to Increase
this sum. but he is determined not to
pay her the $100,000 for which she la suing.
Attorney George PL Salisbury, for Mad
den, to-day served on "William T. Moore,
the referee in Mrs. Maddens proceedings
for alimony, an order signed by Justice
John Kellogg of Ogdensburg restrain
ing him from examining the turfman on
a subpena issued by Justice Sewell of
New York.
. SARATOGA. Aug. 11.— With the great
est reluctance John E. Madden, owner of
Hamburg 1 , Place, a breeding farm in Ken
tucky, the friend and adviser of all the
millionaire turfmen In the country, en
terea to-day Into a legal fight to prevent
Anna Louise Madden, his wife, from win
ning the suit she instituted to compel
him to pay her $100,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call
He Tartly Discusses
the Carquinez
Bridge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Is Willing to Give Woman
$3000 a Year, but Befuses
the Lump Sum She Wants
Cell as Now Arranged Will
Drive Two Ton Truck at
Eate of 33 Miles an Hour
Marine Hospital Surgeon Is
Among Latest Victims of
the Yellow Fever Which
Yet -Sages in New Orleans
WILL MAKE ALLOWANCE
WEIGHS ONLY ONE HALF
John E. Madden, "Well Known
Turfman. Will Fight His
Spouse's Claim for $100,000
Wizard Declares He Has Per
fected a Storage Battery
Better Than the Old Kind
Edward H. Harriman, president of the Southern Pacific Company, who arrived here yes
terday, resents the opposition to the spanning of Carquinez Straits as a piece of senseless judgment
on the part of the people. The next big engineering achievement he will undertake will be the
tunneling of the Sierras.
NEW CASES
ARE STILL
APPEARING
OPPOSITION OF PUBLIC IS
VEXING TO HARRIMAN.
NEW TRIUMPH
FOR EDISON
LOVES HIS WIFE
BUT WONT PAY
ADMIRAL BENHAM,
RETIRED, IS DEAD
AT LAKE MAHOPAC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY AUGUST 12, 1905.
3
Only $122
this .
\ For either lady or gentleman. '
= convenient size, well built. '
= blades of best razor steel. ;
\u25a0 = buckhorn handle. A satisfac- \u25a0
= tory Knife at 11.50. ily Ct f\(\ ;
= special price *I.UV <
= STAR SAFETY RAZOR—
3 Sells regularly for Ci en
= $2.00. My price 0n1y... **-*«
= GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR
E — R equi r e s . neither CC QQ .
E honing nor stropping.. 4*/ » vv ;
: Razors Ground and Honed. I
E Honing. 25c» j
= Mall orders promptly filled.
: THAT MAN PITTS. :
| F. W. PITTS. The Stationer, :
: 100S MARKET ST- Opp. Fifth,
: SAN FRANCISCO.
\u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0M tl " r\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ,- .Jj
p.rvTCrfe| CURE SICK HEADACHE.
Wittie Genuine Must Bear
1 1VER Fao-Simila Signature
\u25a0 PILLS. s? J^—~
fag 1 y^^^^^NEW YORK, , Aug. 11.— The Clyde liner
Semlnole, which was delayed 'at San Domingo
under an $8000; embargo on suspicion of car
rying a cargro of t cartridges, : arrived here to-,
day. Captain Marmion said that no arms or
ammunition had been found on his ship.
That $3SOO nnnp in Mission property
f2> flat* advertised last Sun day Solii.
Wfde-aT»nke buyers will find eqnnlly
Brood Investments In next Sunday*
Realty Columns. .
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Aug. 11.— The Cath
olic Total- Abstinence Union of America to
day elected Bishop Oanovln, Plttsburg presi
dent. The convention will meet next year at
Providence, -R. I. i
There's constantly something new In * the
printing trade— lmproved machinery and im
proved methods. We hare them and the well
trained mechanics— tin; men with Ideas to add
to yours. Sanbcrn, Vail &\u25a0 Co., 741 Market \u2666
Something? Nevr In . Printing.
MADRID, Aug. 11.— The Heraldo says the
international conference called, by the Sultan
of Morocco to discuss reforms in Morocco will
take place in December, probably at Cadiz
and that Senor Prendegast, formerly Spanish
Minister of the Interior, will preside.
REDDING, Aug. il.^-p^ter . Jorrell,
the murderer of Francis Heurtevant,
was sentenced by the Superior Court of
Trinity County to-day to life imprison
ment at Folsom. vr-C:
Life.' Term for Jorrell.
QUINCY, Mass., Aug. 11.— William H.
Glennon, a wealthy retired \ inventor
and "contractor, -was found j dead in his
chair to-day by his sister. Miss Glen
non, with whom he .lived. He , was
about 68 years old. He ran away from
home .when only 14 years of age, and
after trying the sea went to California,
where he worked as a mason. After
a time several - important", contracts
were entrusted to, him, among them the
building of. the. courthouse and jail at
Nevada City in 1862. He was associ
ated with Harry Meiggs, who acquired
immense wealth by the construction .of
many great" engineering works in South
America. ' '."•' <*\u25a0'' ' \ \u25a0
Death ot n Retired Inventor.
The resignation of ' Mrs. Blynn will
be deeply regretted by all who had as
sociated with her, as in her capacity
at the hall she was one of the most suc
cessful of matrons. Mrs. Blynn wished
to join her daughter,' who has a posi
tion as teacher in Walla Walla. • '
The newly appointed matron has had
considerable experience in a like posi
tion, having been in charge of the
young ladies at Miss -Head's Seminary
in Berkeley. '-\u25a0••.\u25a0.-
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. ,11.—
Mrs. * Lucrelia Lanktree, who was ' a
short time ago appointed to the posi
tion of matron of Roble Hall, the dor
mitory for women students at Stanford
University, will commence her duties
at the opening of the term. Mrs. Lank
tree will fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of the former matron, Mrs.
Blynn. ' .'• \u25a0'\u25a0 *.
ceed Mrs«. Hlymi at Stan
ford University.
Mra. . Lanktree of Herkelcy Will Sue-
The whole camp of summer visitors who
are occupying the river bottom with their
tents are concerned in the dispute. The
end has not been reached.
In the dispute is involved the right of
the Southern Pacific to a certain portion
of the water front. The railroad had
leased a part of Its right of way to Mrs.
Shore, and during Thursday night some
persons moved Hatabaugh's dressing
rooms to the leased property. Hata
baugb refused to move the buildings
back. Mrs. Shore sallied out with an ax
and a coal oil can and destroyed the
building; Nearby campers put out the
fire, whereupon Roadmaster Carrigan of
the Southern Pacific brought a section
gang out this morning and finished the
job.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 11.— A merry war
is on between rivals In the bathhouse and
boat renting establishments at the mouth
of San Lorenzo River, near the beach ot
this city. Mrs. Mary Shore, lessee of cer
tain lands along the river bank, .was ar
rested to-day on a" charge of arson, ac
cused of having demolished the dressing
rooms of Hatabaugh & Webster, a rival
firm, and of setting fire to the ruins.
The steamship landed and picked up the
man, who "said he was a prospector en
route to Dawson. He had been up to
Hootalinqua and had built himself a raft.
All went weir until the little island was
reached, when the raft, getting beyond
his ' control, ran ashore,' upset and then
was carried away by the current. He
saved himself only after a desperate
swim and was beginning to think he was
a second Robinson Crusoe when picked
TACOMA, Aug. 11.— Alone and without
food or shelter, an unknown man was
picked up on a small island in the Yukon
recently by the steamship White Horse.
When the steamship was on her way
down on her last trip and about fifteen
miles above • Tantalus a man could be
seen on an island ahead frantically wav
ing his arms. Pilot Shaver had a good
view of the island, which did not exceed
half an acre In extent, and seeing no boat
knew it must be a marooned traveler.
NEW MATRON TO IIAYK
CHARGE OF ROBLE HALL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Taken From Island After
Period of - Robinson
Crusoe Life.
MAROONED MINER
RESCUED IN NORTH
BIG ROW OVER
A BATHHOUSE
The fire is supposed to have originated
by a aoark from a furnace In the boiler
room. During the burning of the plant,
a number of men were badly hurt by
flying debris and burning timbers. .
GRANTS PASS. Ore.. Aug. 11.— A de
structive fire at an early hour yesterday
morning completely destroyed the large
brewery, ice-plant and roadhouse of the
Eagle Brewing Company. The loss is
estimated at $10,000. The brewery and
ice-plant were built by Rogue River and
on the Crescent City, Cal., stage road a
few ago. It was located one
mile from Grants Pass and out of reach
of fire hydrants.
\u25a0At Ymlr, twelve miles south of here,
the whole of Jubilee Mountain is on fire,
the buildings of the Dundee mine have
been destroyed, and the Ymir mine is cut
off by the destruction of . the wagon
roads. Somg men are known to be in
the mountains. Their fate is unknown.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 11.— A spe
cial from Nelson, B. C, says: Fire
broke out this morning in the low-lying
woods along the south bank of Kootenay
river, three miles below Nelson, and for
a stretch of four, miles the hillside' is
aflame. The many scattered ranches are
In grave danger, especially where newly
cleared. All the bridces are out on the
wagon road. '
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
Fires Rage Among the For
ests Near the City of
Nelson.
Brewery. Ice Plant and Road
house Destroyed Near
Grants Pass.
HILLSIDES BLAZE IN
BRITISH COLUMBIA
SEVERAL MEN HURT
IN FIRE IN OREGON
It does' not appear from statements to
the Bankruptcy Court to-day in just
what way he obtained the money, and
it is not wholly clear to the attorneys.
Various items in the exhibit show sums
which he took, but from the face of
them it is impossible to tell how tracks
of his thefts were covered by the Mil
waukee Bank's accounts. July 1, 1904,
he had increased his stealings to $55,000.
Gradually this sum was increased until
on October 1 it amounted to $455,000.
Sums of $20,000 at one time were now
as nothing to Bigelow, and he began to
grab off chunks of $40,000 and $50,000
until by April 1 his shortage was $1,
369.800, and on April 25 $1,553,233. Then
the bubble burst.
MILWAUKEE, Aug\ 11.— The inside
story of Frank G. Bigelow's defalca
tions as president of the First National
Bank has finally become public. It was
all done by him, so far as the bank was
concerned, in less than a year. Bigelow
began his crooked work in the bank
May 25, 1904, when he charged the
Chemical National Bank of New York
with $15,000 for which it was not in
debted to the First National Bank of
Milwaukee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Planas claims to be an anarchist, bnt
is not known by the police, who have a
list of all anarchists.
BUENOS AYRES, via Galveston, Texas,
Aug. 11.— While President Qulnantan was
driving this afternoon a Spaniard named
Planaa Vivella approached his carriage
with a loaded revolver in hl3 hand. Cap
tain Alvarez, adjutant of the President,
sprang from the carriage and prevented
the would-be assassin from firing. A
struggle ensued. Planas freed himself
and pointed anew his revolver at the
President, but a police officer overpower
ed him.
INSIDE STORY
OF HIS THEFTS
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Draws Revolver on the Presi
dent of Argentine
Republic.
About three months ago Mabel Gor
don, a woman who lived with Post, at
tempted suicide by shooting herself. It
is said that the Gordon woman attempted
to kill Htrself because of Post's atten
tions to the Welner girl, and Mrs. Wel
ner declares that Post's neele^t of her
daughter and attentions to the Gordon
woman since his marriage led to Mrs.
Post's attempt to kill herself.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 11.— Mrs. Eva Post, a
pretty bride of six weeks, attempted sui
cide this evening by poisoning. She .re
sided with her . husband, John Post, at
Benson's slaughter. . house on North
Tenth street, where he is employed. The
girl, who is Spanish and but 17 years of
age, was married on June 26. Almost be
fore the honeymoon was spent. the
couple beean quarreling, and on July 6
she attempted suicide by drinking car
bolic acid. When she took the poison
this evening, Post hitched up and took
his .wife to her mother's, Mrs. Welner, at
552 Orchard street. She was later re
moved to the Red Cross sanitarium. She
will recover.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANARCHIST ATTEMPTS
TO KILL QUINANTAN
3lrs. Eva Post of San Jose
"Takes a Dose of
Poison.
The State Department some days ago
directed the attention of Minister Rock
hill to this particular article In view of
the published articles that it was the
intention of those managing the boy
cott against American goods to inter
fere with the landing of American
goods and to prevent stevedores from
removing: American goods from vessels
Sn Chinese ports. It is the opinion of
the State Department that any such
act would be in violation of article 15
?nd Minister Reckhill was instructed to
call the attention of the Chinese Gov
ernment to these reports and treaty
with a view of preventing any inter
ference in the landing of American
goods In China. It is supposed at the
department that the Chinese Govern
ment has already taken action on
Rockhill's communication and officials
at the different ports have been In
structed to see that the provisions of
the treaty are not violated. No com
plaints have been received at the State
Department Indicating that the threats
of interference with American com
merce had been carried out, but it was
to forestall anything of this kind that
the instructions were sent to Minis; ur
Rockhill.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— Article lf>
of the Tien Tsin treaty provides that
"at each of the ports open to commerce
citizens of the United States shall be
permitted to import from abroad and
sell, purchase and export all merchan
dise of which the importation or ex
portation is not prohibited by the laws
of the empire."
SHANGHAI, Aug. 11. — The alarm re
garding the impending commercial
crisis in consequence of the anti-
American boycott Is increasing now
that the information has got abroad
that President Roosevelt has Instructed
Minister Rockhill to warn the Chinese
Government that America will insist
upon the full observance by China of
Article 15 of the Tien Tsin treaty of
ISSB.
Miniver RockliHl Instructed to Wain
China AKalnat Violating Treaty.
ALARM INCREASING.
YOUNG- EEIDE TRIES
TO END HER LIFE
TACOMA, Aug. 11. — The Weyerhauser
Timber Company is negotiating for the
purchase of the Port Blakeley mills,
which are owned by a syndicate of Cali
fornia and Michigan lumber men. The
Blakeley mills are among the largest
in the State and for many years have
been shipping large quantities of lum
ber to foreign countries.
R. L. McCormick, secretary of the
Weyerhauser Company and president of
the Pcailic National Bank, is now in
San Francisco on business relating to
the prospective purchase. It is be
lieved that the sal© will be announced
on his return here. The mill property
and 'timber interests are worth about
$2,000,000. Representatives of the
Weyerhauser interests have been at
Port Blakeley for several days inspect
ing the mill properties.
Next to ' the". Weyerhausers, whose
holdings' are worth $50,000,000, the
Blakeley Company is the largest tim
ber concern on Puget- Sound. After se
curing control of the T largest body of
standing timber in the world, the
Weyerhausers' have lately become am
bitious td \u25a0 actively engage . in cutting
timber in this. State. - \u25a0
Special -Dispatch to The Call.
HAY BUY BIG
LUMBER MILLS
The poet Dryden Is said to have In
vented the word "-witticism."
• Since becoming chief Chinese officer at this
port two years ago I have given the handling
of these cases my personal attention and con-
So tar aa the complaint of poor quarter* on
Ixi&rd ship or at the detention shed is con
cerned, that is a matter entirely out of the
Jurisdiction of the United States, as the law
has Jeft Chinese applicants in the custody of
the steamship company, whose duty it is to
look after these Chinese until their cases arc
finally disposed of. fortunately, however you
have secured a generous appropriation for the
building at Angel Island, in the bay of San
Franciscc. of a very fine immigrant detection
etation. which in the near future will provide
tnott needful ar.d comfortable accommodations
for detained clafses, as well as all other aliens
In similar condition arriving at this port.
The records of the office show that there
has never been a complaint made by any Chi
nese person seeking- admission here, or by oth
ers in behalf of euch Chinese, alleging harsh
ness or other ill treatment. As is well known
to «il CaJlfornlans, at least, the Chinese flo not
scruple et fraud in the attempt to gain admis
tlon to the United 6tat»s; and Xhis service has
always been obliged \o exert the utmost dili
gence and alertness to keep out. such Chinese,
but, to our knowledge, e\-en those guilty or the
grossest frauds have been personally treated
with every consideration. Quite recently, dur
ing a social conversation with two very prom
inent Chinese merchants cf this city. I asked
them whether, in their opinion, many bona
fide merchants bad been denied admission at
this port and I waa Informed that my hearer*
did not know of a single such case where ad
mission had been denied.
The credentials required by the law for the
original admifsinn of Chinese of tb« exempt
cla*» t* the United States on m-called Sec
tion « papers are issued by Chinese offi
cials in China and are merely vised by Amer
ican consular officers. Such certificates were
originally accepted cs prlma facie evidence of
the risht to land; but. when it was discov
ered that many of the so-called students,
merchant*, travelers, etc., were really coolie
laborers of the lowest order and that almost
any Chineee who could pay for it could tret
a certificate from the Chinese officials, some
Inspection on the other side naturally was
accessary, for which they have only them
eelves to tUar.k.
A* to merchants and others of the exempt
classes who ai« domiciled in the United
States, ar.d who are seeking readmlssion after
visiting- China, those who avail themselves of
the laws and regulations have no cause for
complaint, inasmuch as testimony respecting
their cases may be taken before thtir return
to the United States, or, for that matter, be
f<jr« they leave here, In the event it is so
«eslred ,by the Chinese. Those who avail
themselves of this privilege ar.d are leund to
be bons. fide a:e us-ually landed on the Uay
that the steamer docks. The only cases in
which there is delay is of merchants who
live on th« Atlantic seaboard or In the in
terior of the United States.
The enforcement of the Chinese exclusion
Jaw lasted into tS:e hands of the Department
ci Labor and Commerce on July 1, 1903. Con
sequently all present data begin with that
date. For the fiscal year ending June 'M,
UKU, but 403 of the exempt class of Chinese
applied for orlclnal entry at the pert of San
Francisco. Of tfcie number 340 were' landed
end C 3 denied. For the fiscal year
July 1, lfll>s. ST3 of the exempt class applied
for original admission at this port and of
this number Hl9 were landed and 154 denied.
Almost oil tht evidence ror the first of these
fiscal jeare was certificates vised by United
Etates Consul Robert UcWood and all those
during the laxt year received their papers
from him. In this connection you will re
collect that Mr. McWood was removed from
office eoaie months ago. Those denied land
ing also include thoee who were suffering
Irora loathsome and dangerous diseases.
The receipt is acknowledged of your re
<jucst for information as to whether the claim
that has been sometimes made by the Chi
liete that the so-culled boycott of American
goods Tfa» causc-d by harsh treatment inflicted
upon Chinese by the fnited States immigra
tion autnorities was based en fact. As to the
facts outside cf San Francisco 1 have no per
sona! knowledge, although 1 have reliable in
formation ttiit no fci<eciflc charge has bte:i
made as to oiher ports and this is equally
true of San Franciico.
The California delegation in Congress
was Invited to be present. Senator Per
kins responded to the Invitation and came
to the meeting with a communication in
which a Federal official. H. H. North,
of the Labor Immigration Service at this
port, reviewed, Beriaiim, about all the
charges that have been made relative to
the administration of the Chinese exclu
sion law on the Pacifia coast, contradict
ing several and explaining others. This
communication, as submitted by Sena
tor Perkins to the secretary of the
meeting, is in full as follows:
EXCLUSION ADMINISTRATION.
rese empire, both by reason cf proximity and
their ability to manufacture, produce ar.d sup
j.:y icacy products in competition with the
world.
Preaent conditions are. therefore, serious to
trade interests of the United Star.*, rendering
it iiTDerative that the boycott should be re
moved. To that er.d B;e reasons should be
carefully investigated, definitely determined
ar.d appropriate action taken to preserve the
outlets already crvaud for American products.
There-fore the members of the Merchants'
Exchange, in meeting assembled, do hereby re
ej'ectiully petition the President of the L'r.itcd
States, ar.d through him the Secretary of Slate
and ihe Secretary of Commerce and La.bor.
First — To ascertain through the proper
cii&r.nt!s the reasons for the present boycott.
Becond — To take prompt sups to have same
removed, co ttat the trade interests of our
Sreat country may not suffer.
Ktr6olved. That the foiegoing memorial be
eer.t to the President or the United States, and
& cory thereof to the Secretary of State and
to the Secretary of Commerce and Labor ar.d
to the Senators and Representatives in Con
gress from California.
The following resolution, introduced by
L. R, Tuttle, was adopted:
Resolved. That the President of the United
Etates be requested to instruct our Minister to
China, the Hon. X. \V. Rockhiil, to proceed to
Shanghai, and. together with a committee of
three resident American merchants, to be ap
pointed ty the chair, ascertain from the Chi
nese, through their guilds, the cause of the
present boycott and their intentions as to its
continuance, reporting by cable the result of
the investigation, together with what remedial
action -s demanded.
E. R, Lilienthal introduced the memor
ial to President Roosevelt. The document
l£, in full, as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 11. 1905.
The mercantile ar.d shipping interests of the
tasted States are confronted with a boycott
Ci American products by the trade associations
and large merchants ot the great distribut.:.g
centers of China.; orders have been canceled
md our exports to that country stopped.
The merchants of the United States are enti
tled to a iarse share of the trade of the Chi-
PRESIDENT MEMORIALIZED.
A meeting that was held In the board
room cf the Merchants' Exchange yes
terday to consider the Chinese boycott of
the products of the United States result
ed in the adoption of a memorial in which
President Rocsevelt was requested to as
certain through the Secretaries of State
and Commerce and Labor the reasons
for the boycott and to take steps to have
the same removed; also in the adoption
of a resolution requesting President
Roosevelt to instruct United States Min
ister Rockhill to proceed to Shanghai,
with a committee of three American
merchants residing in Shanghai to be
appointed by the president of the Mer
chants' Exchange there, to ascertain
from the Chinese, through their guilds,
the cause of the boycott and their inten
tions regarding its continuance and to re
port by cable the result of their Investi
gation, together with what remedial ac
tion is demanded.
Vice President. G. P. McNear of the ex
change presided. The speakers were An
drea Sbarboro, Ng Poon Choon, the edi
tor of the Chinege daily paper published
in Ban Francisco; Lv R. Tuttle, who has
represented the house of Geiz Brothers
of this city in China, and Hugh Craig.
Ng Pocn Chew reviewed the history of
Chinese treaties with the United States
and of the enaction of exclusion laws In
this country and said in substance that
while the Chinese Government, displeased
by the exclusion measures, did little for
a time, when the old treaty was to ex
pire the Chinese people openly resented
exclusion. Out of this had resulted the
existing boycott.
The speeches made at the meeting wore
not very long. Outside of those by Mr.
Lilienthal in Introducing the memorial to
President Roosevelt, and the talk by Mr.
Tuttle in advocacy of the resolution sub
mitted by him, the principal remarks
were by Andrea Sbarboro and by Ng
Poon Chew, the Chinese editor. Ng Poon
Chew received the most applause of any
or.c nt the meeting.
Mr. Sbarboro said that all in California
were agreed that employment cannot be
given here to great numbers of Chinese
laborers, and therefore it was right that
they should be excluded. There was no
question on the other hand that those
classes of Chinese who are admitted
under the law can be of value. If there
had been bad handling of the Chinese
merchants and others of the exempt class
that was bad; but it must be admitted
that laborers have been admitted under
false pretenses.
SUBSTANCE OF REMARKS.
federation and therefore feel sure of my posi
tion in the premises. I notice In the
morning news .items an alleged In
terview with a prominent Chinese states
man in Peking, in which he made bitter
complaint that high-class Chinese are some
times placed In the detention shed among com
mon -cooliet". Thin, as I have before explained,
is a matter entirely in the hands 'of the Chi
nese themselves and the steamship companies
bringing them here, as I know no provision of
the law that would prevent any Chinese stop
ping at the best hotels in the town, pending
action, in the case of his being so detained.
It Is simply a question of dollars and cents
between himself and the steamship company
as to what kind of accommodations he hat.
Under the exclusion law the custody of an ar
riving Chinese Is in the hands of the steam
ship company until he is finally landed.
An equally misleading statement, supposed
to have been made by the same Chinese dip
lomat, Is to the effect that the right of counsel
and appeal is denied. As a matter of fact
hardly a Chinese corals here who is not rep
resented by counsel, and in the event of this
being denied landinjr by me he Invariably ap
peals to the department at Washington, where
his case is finally reviewed by the Secretary
of Comnifrpe and I^abrr.
The secretary pf the Bennington me
morial committee has received letters
from Charles J. Bonaparte, Secretary of
the Navy; Governor Pardee, Senator Per
kins, Admiral McCalla; John R. King,
commander of the G. A. R.; Fannie C.
Minot, national President of the Wom
an's Relief Corps, and several of the
California Congressmen, stating their
willingness to act on the advisory board
of the memorial association. It is pro
posed to erect a clubhouse for sailors as
a memorial.
This afternoon at a gathering of the
friends of Captain Lucien Young of the
Bennington at the Brewster. Hotel, he
was presented with a loving cup with a
base made of manzanita root. The pre
sentation was. made by Dr. D. Goch
nauer and the commander's response was
touching, showing his appreciation \u25a0 of
the kindness of the people of San Diego
at the time of the disaster on board his
ship.
Admiral Goodrich has issued an invita
tion to the people of San Diego to attend
memorial services on Monday morning at
10 o'clock at the Isis Theater, to be con
tinued at the cemetery on Point Loma,
where most of the 66 dead are buried.
Bishop Johnson and Bishop Conaty have
been invited to take part in the exer
cises.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 11.— Next Monday
will see the departure of the Chicago and
trig Bennington for the north and Sun
day will pee the departure of the wound
ed from the emergency vhospital for the
hospital at Mare Island. The last days
of the stay here are naturally filled with
preparations for departure. The court
of inquiry has concluded its sessions and
will have its transcript and findings
ready for submission to the Washington
authorities to-morrow afternoon.
Word was received from Washington
this morning to make arrangements with
the railroad for the movement of the
wounded. A tourist sleeper is being
specially fitted for them and they are
to be taken on Sunday morning's train
to Los Angeles over the Santa Fe line,
thence via the coast line'of the Southern
Pacific to Port Costa, there to be taken
by a Government tug to Mare Island.
They are to be landed there on Monday
forenoon-
"What Is Oregon's Is California's." ha
vent on. "We -wish to thank this exposi
tion and the people of Portland and of
Oregon for their kind treatment, and
confidently expect that when San F.»an
c!sco and Oakland and all California cel
ebrate the opening of the Panama canal
in 1910 the people of Oregon will help U9
to make the exposition of that day as
great a success as the Lewis and Clark
Exposition."
Wilber Walker, representing \u0084 Alameda
County at the fair, also delivered an ad
dress.
PORTLAND, Aug. 11.— This was Alt
raeda County, day at the Lewis and Clark
Fair. In the shelter of the fir trees clo.-a
by the west entrance of California's b?au
tiful structure a large crowd from Oak
land. Berkeley and Alameda gathered at
11 o'clock to observe the day set aside Cbi
them by the exposition management.
Commissioner J. A. Filcher opened tha
exercises with a characteristic speech.
containing a good many humorous alii
siens to Oakland's relation to San Fran
cisco. D. C. Freeman welcomed the vis
itors to the exposition in the name of tha
president of the fair and of the manage
ment. The administration band played
De Caprio's "Administration March."
which was followed by an address by
Edwin Steams, secretary of the Oakland
Beard of Trade. Tho speaker said there
la no dividing lino between Oregon anl
California.
The Lord High Chancellor, the Earl of
Halsbury, read King Edward's speech,
the most interesting clause of ' which
from an international point of view re
ferred to the peace negotiations and the
crisis in Sweden and Norway.
Regarding the peace negotiations, . the
speech hopes for a settlement.
Concerning the Swedish-Norwegian
situation, the King'says:
"A Dissolution of the union between
Sweden and Norway apparently is im
minent. I am confident that by the ex
ercise of wise moderation on each side,
a settlement will be*arrived at which will
be acceptable to botn countries."
Not more than fifty members of the
House of Commons assisted at to-day's
closing scene. The black rod summoned
them to the House of Lords, where there
were only two peers bes.-es the three
Royal Commissioners.
LONDON, Aug. 11.— Parliament was
prorogued to-day after a session which
will long, be. remembered, for -the unpre
cedented number of votes of censure and
motions for adjournment moved with a
view to the embarrassment of the Gov
ernment.
The Mother Lode Banner repro tsthat
$100,000 has been offered for the Harvard
mining claim in Tuolumne County.
Regarding the deal by which Tom Law
son sells mining land of the Trinity Cop
per Company to the Mammoth Company
the Redding Free Press reports:
The Trinity Copper Company sells and grants
to the Mammoth Copper Mining Company of
Maine, the company now installing the smelter
, near Kennet, valuable lands in and near Ken
net, and adjoining the property on which the
Mammoth people are now erecting a smelter.
The Mammoth company . becomes possessor
of all of the northwest quarter of section 2.
township 33 north, range 5 west, and also all
of lots 6, 7 and 21 of the town of Kennet. Lot
7 faces the railroad right of way south of
the main portion of Kennet, and lot 6-adjolns
It at a corner, extending north to 21. Thes?
lots are in the southwest quarter of section 2'
What significance the deal may have to the
future operations of the Trinity Copper Com
pany remains to be seen, but it Is apparent
that the two companies are squaring them
selves around and getting their lands in shape
for a systematic nftwe, and some are inclined
to believe that the move will be the ultimate
use of the Mammoth smelter to treat tha ores
of both the Trinity Copper and Mammoth
mines.
Another deal that is Just about to be closed |
and In which the Mammoth company is inter- j
ested in. one by which the company will be
come owner of what is known as the May
dower group, adjoining the Mammoth. It Is
considered a valuable piece of property and
comprises twelve and one-half claims, lying
between Little and Big Backbone creeks.
The old Cowboy mine and other prop
erties in the Amalle district in Kern!
County huve been bonded to Los An- I
geles. people for $180,000. according to!
"the Bakersfleld Californian. .
The conveyance to Mrs. Emma Hib- !
bert. F. Johnson and others of the title i
to mining lands near Browns Valley'
by the White family will probably re- i
suit In a large degree of activity in mm- '
ing development. •.
DREDGING IS ABANDONED. •
Big dredgers may not be used in
Shasta County by Oroville parties as
soon as supposed. The Redding Free
Press reports the situation as follows: j
Th<» Oroville Exploration Company's Key.
stone driller and crew of prospectors that for
three w-jeks.. have been at work on the Bonny
View tract, owned by the Balfour-Guthile
Company, has suspended operations temporarily
and on Thursday tho driller was shipped to
Oroville. to be used to pros^ct in the famous
gravel fields of that section,-
William Grant, who has had charge of pros
pecting operations at Bonny View, left Redding
.Wednesday evening for Oroville. He win take
off the drilling crew and prospectors Wednes
day, and will - for a time at least devote his
attention to other fields. The ground pros
pected on the Bonny View tract "all showed
value, but so far as prospecting went the
ground was -not rich enough to warrant t^3
placing of the big dredgers.
\u25a0 There is plenty of groand that prospects
from- 5 to 10 cents per cubic yard, but 15-cent
MINING PROPERTIES SOLD.
The grading of this trail, which is really
the t'ouudat-pn of an automobile . road, has
been i>rc»ptctinK on an immer.ee scale, and
the projectors have killed several birus with
one stone — they have, not a strtet paved with
gold, but a trail that is lined with several
good gold and copper ledges.
The tfcude, fourteen to sixteen miles, cuts
a great mineral country heretofore little pros
pected. The country is covered with dense
brush in many places, and prospectors might
have hunted the ground for years for ledges.
But the grading has cut out the brush and
excavated the hillsides and revealed tbe min
eral character of the country.
Seven well-defined ledges have been uncov
ered. Three contain copper, the rest gold and
one well-defined galena ledge.
In some places the gravel and wash con
tain lumus or slugs of pure copper glance,
showing immense and rich deposits must exist
in the neighborhood where nature smelted
the specimens.
Some of the matter cut Is calco-pyrite ore,
and jroes high in assay value.
It is underMftod that the owners -of tha
land will proepect the ledges and develop
them.
The smelter of the Mammoth Mine at
Kennet will be in operation next month.
The iron buildings are about ready for
use. The heaviest machinery is in ptace.
The construction of the McCloud River trail,
from tiimn.s cr Hazel Creek across the tiac
rameiuo divide ana over to the hoidings and
summer homes of the rich city people, who
are makin*t summer resorts on the McCloud,
may result Ui something more substantial than
mere i>leasure.
quence be *made.
A rich strike is reported. by the Shasta
Courier to have .been made on the Mo-
Cloud Club trail, while grading was in
progress -for the proposed McCloud Rivgr
road. In part the account is as follows:
The Los Angeles Mining Review re
ports the discovery o£ copptr and lead in
a hitherto unexplored mineral district \n
Inyo County. Three prospectors, Wil
liams, Reed and Babcock, are the finders
of ore. The Review says:
Williams, Keed and Babcopk, who paid no
attention to the signboards and came down
Happy Canyon, ' notoriously the roughest can
yon in the rantje, in which there is no trail,
have been well paid for tiieir hard trip. They
discovered and located a loct vein of a mixed
copper and' lead ore. They have been •\u25a0nit
ting" the hot sands of the desert now for sev
eral months and think this lind is good enough
to stay with. This is the llrst strike of impor
tance to be made in this canyon. A Una stream
of water, about twenty inches, flows in tne
lcwer part of this canyon, and there is an
abundance of timber at Its head. Access to
the itiims must be had by trail or road from
Stone Corral, the upper part of Pieasant Can
yon which is the next canyon about three
miles south. It is predicted that the- Wil-
Jlams-Iteed-Babcock tmd will attract others
to these unprospected parts, and it is hoped
that many other good locations will in conse-
Alleghany, according to the local papers,
is in a fair way to restore the old time
prestige, of Sierra" County as a producer
of gold on a large scale. Ten compara
tively small Sierra mines have made a
record of producing, in total, gold to tb,6
value of 13,270,000 in round figures. Theso
mines, so reports the Downieville Moun
tain Messenger, _ have hardly become
known beyond the county limits. Sierra
County suffered by the suppression of
hydraulic mining,' by, the exhaustion of
pocket holes, and the set back to Sierra
City by the closing of the Sierra Butte
quartz mine. Population decreased and
mining camps were deserted. Miners
have been driven more to quartz mining
in the lapse of time and owing to en
forced conditions. Present « hopes are
based upon the new work and on the rec
ords of certain mines that are considered
by the Messenger, to be Indicative. Some
af the facts quoted by the Messenger fol
lows:
The Sierra Buttes and other lode mines at
Sierra City have produced fully $2i>,oOO,o<X> In
gold, those- of the Alleghany district at least
$7,0u0,000, and mostly from shallow working's
and small •\u25a0pockets." At Pike City is the
Alaska, which with a few smaller mines has
output at least a million dollars. There are
others scattered over the country which in
the aggregate will add several more millions to
the record. Most of the mines were reported
"worked out." That 'is why it la -so difficult
to resurrect Sierra County. .
But plnce the Plumbago, near- Alleghany.. was
reported "worked ,gut" ten years ago, it has
produced two and a half millions in gold, and
is to-day looking better than ever; and the
Sierra Buttes mine, after producing $15.WX>,
000 of the yellow precious metal, and be
ing shut down as "worked out," is now being
put in shape lor a production that will ecltjpN
its past record; and now the Tightnor
mine in Alleghany, a property that twenty
years ago was abandoned in Its infancy 'as
"no good," is proving to be a veritable bo
nanza. Within the past two years the mine
has been reopened and prospected, and with a
working force of only three men has paid
the purchase price, $13,000, produced $25,000
besides and has blocked out halt a million
dollars' worth of free milling sold quartz.
IXYO COPPER *AXD LEAD.
Special Clspatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
Ruler Refers to the Peace
; Negotiations and the Crisis
fin Sweden and Norway
Memorial Exercises Will Be
Held on Monday Before
Departure ,of tlie Vessel
.T. A. Filcher, Edwin Steams
and Wilber Walker Speak
for Golden State People
HIS SHIP TO COME NOETII
ground is what the company Is looklns for.
The Bonur View tract comprises 500 acres ana
only about twenty holes In all were sun*.
One line of fight holes was sunk by OHjb
Preeton of this city, with a crew of pick and
shovel men. The line extended from the river
to the railroad, and the ground averaged about
8 cents. Mr. Grant is of the opinion that
dredging ground will yet be found along tn«*
river in the Bonny View district, but an out
lay of $12,000 Is necessary for ampJe prospect-
Ing. Down- Oroville way aredgers are now
working ground as high In value as |1 SO a
| cubic yard, but this Is the exception rather
: than the rule. Fifteen-cent gravel is con
sidered ample and 30-ctnt gravel excellent.
Concerning recent mining operations
: in the western part of Siskiyou County,
\ the Scott Valley Advance reports:
Mining in the county Is very quiet on ac
count of lack of water to operate the plants
for producing bullion. Most of the work In
mining is developing and getting out ore sup
plies until such time as the fall rains occur.
There are now only five plants in operation
in Western Siskiyou. the numerous others be
ing closed down recently.
. Two keystone drills are now at work, one
On Indian Creek and the other on McAdama
Creek, near Fort Jones. They are under su
pervision of Mr. Cornish of San Francisco
for the company that has bonded these lands
for dredging purposes. J They have about three
thousand acres of land under option in the
valley and will probably install another drill
in the near future, in another locality of th»
valley. Everything looks favorable for Scot*
Valley to become one of the largest dredging
districts of the State, providing the value*
will Justify the investment of the dredgers.
AEW CREEK IX ALASKA.
' Discoveries of importance are re
ported by the Fairbanks Weekly News
to have been recently made in Alaska.
O'Connor Creek, which empties into
Goldstream, below »he big Eldo
rado, is credited with the find. Coarse,
gold is reported to have averaged from
$2 to $3 to the pan. The statements in
the News are condensed:
One nugget weighing ?\u25a0* 1" was taken out.
The phenomenal strike was made on No. 4
below. The names of the claim owners could
not be learned. They sank five holes and
struck bedrock nt a depth from 25 to 57 feet.
Pay was found in three of them, and the
paystreak is said to be several feet In depth.
Naturally the news of the strike caused con
siderable excitement. and several persona
started with the intention of staking as near
as possible to the new strike. -This will hay»
the effect of opening this creek immediately.
It has been prospected and considerable of
it has been staked at different times, but very
few holes have been sunk. Since the old
stakes will not hold good unless a discovery
is made within' a reasonable time, there is
likely to be considerable of a' stampede. The
creek offers exceptional operations, because
cf the short distance to bedrock. Nearly all
the nearby creeks average a much greater
dt^th.
The machinery for a sampling plant
at Goldfleld, with a capacity of forty
tons daily, has been secured for the H.
L. Frank Company. It will be used on
high-grade ore when a 200-ton mill is
ready for use. % .
Copper and Lead Ores Found
. in Unexplored Inyo Canyon.
Senator Perkins Makes Public a Communication
Concerning Exclusion Administration.
KING EDWARD'S SPEECH
MANY xO)DEESSES MADE
Commander of the Benning
ton Eeceives a Testimonial
From People of San Diego
Session of British House of
Commons Just Closed No
table for Votes of Censure
Alameda County Day at the
Exposition .Observed With
Appropriate Ceremonies
Sierra' County People Expect
. Return of Days of Gold.
Merchants 1 Exchange Asks President Roosevelt
to Have Shanghai Guilds Interviewed.
YOUNG GIVEN
A LOVING CUP
MINES NEAR ALLEGHANY
MAKE LARGE YIELDS
CALIFORNIANS
CATHER AT FAIR
MEMORIAL IS ADOPTED
ON CHINESE BOYCOTT
PARLIAMENT
IS PROROGUED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY AUGUST 12, 1905.
By means of a memorial to President Roosevelt the Mer
chants' Exchange of San Francisco took steps yesterday
to learn for the commercial community the facts about
the Chinese boycott on American products, its cause and
means to end it. An official investigation at Shanghai is
proposed to take place immediately.
Engrago your tables! Grand opening of
Cliff House new grill Sunday, Aug 20. •
4
the soap which began its
sale in the 18th century,
#
sold all through the 19th
and is selling in the 20th.
Sells all ore r the world.
I LAST THANGE 1
|| THIS YEAIt jg
I TO SECURE LOW RATES I
I TO CALIFORNIA, FROM 1
I QUEEXSTOWX *71.2r» fl
I LIVERPOOL 971.25 M
f LO.XDOX • $73.7^ B
I • rOPk>HAGE.V.V.!!IIII.»7.I.OO j
I 31ALMO *73.01> I
t GOTHEXBL'RG .-.»75.00 t
X .\EW YORK *30.00 |
I CHICAGO M 3.00 £
I ST. PAUL $32.00 H
Eg rroportlonately low rates from all E
M other poinu.
\u25a0 *R. R. RITCHIE. J
Q Gcnernl Acfnt, Pacific Cna»t.
] Chicago & North-Western By. j
g No. 617 Market St.
H < Palace Hotel)
H San Francisco. Cal.
Gonorrhoea and Urinary Discharsci.
sV^S^iisssssssl «3 MMVtI^sSI^SsJEvMiS 17 AbJH^A
A CURE LX 4» HOCKSw
m CHICH ESTER'S ENQUSN
Pennyroyai. pills
w . __©rl«i««T««<l Only 4>ea>la«. -^
f>.r\BArr. Always r«ti«Dl« Ladle*. »•» r>run.-»
*i& "* CHICHKSTEIfS KNGLISH
!kKa>b KED »ad GoI4 mei».:io boiM. w..ed
V-'IJ "'"> bi >»* ribbon. Take no ather. Krfu.e
k >V| I>a*«er«a« "üboUmtlua* and latta*
fn Umtm. Bay of j«nr DrocgUt. « arait 4c >•
yf lump* for Partfeaiara. Te«tlci«»l«!»
a u4 •* Keller ror Lartlea," m Uitm, by re.
I tars .U all. 1 »,O«O Tntiißoaiala. Sold by
f'r FAVORITE
FOR WEAK WOMEW.
xjfg^feiA MEN AHD WOMEit.
ytjf>^ [ CUBE*Sk?J C»« Bl« O for nnn*tTjrn4
A&ay la ito & 4»tv\3 dlichar<a»,lntl»aim*tion4,
fr&AI O«™m Irritation* or uicuratloaj
t^*Jj no* •* \u25a0titetuw. of mucous nxft!Qbra&*o»
TTTI Ftw t» CoaUclsa. Pataiau. and not MtrlV
jfyiyritEratCHEMlCAlCa. gnat or poisonous
sold by Draralat*
I*s-*V »!•\u25a0•*. *\3i!\ °* 3snt la Pl*^'P 1 *^' wt *?>•»\u2666
ty «"•» repaid, ta*
** Clr.aW ttat am maw*.
< /g^OEWEr.srRONG&CO. r «-* 1 4
tyPATENTSIJ
330 MARKET ST.&F.SSfi^
i ; \u25a0 i ' i -jf
_*1 hare suffered with ptfai for thirty-*!* yean
One year aeo last Aprii 1 beean taking Ca.eareu
for constipation. In the coarse of a week 1 noticed
the biles beean to disappear and atTDo end of six
weeks they <lid .not trouble me nt «11. Ca»carets
hare done wonders forme. I am entirely eared and
feel like a new man." George Kryder. Napoleon. (X
M XJS*. JvJir I (16 DOW^I^
%||fe|^^ CANDY CATHARTIC
P!ea«an». Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do Good.
?«v*i r &ie& i eI ft n> 3ken °.r. r G riiw. Nte- Kc. 50c. Kirn
told In bnlV. Th« eennlna tablet stamped CCCL
Guaranteed to enro or yonr money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 503
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
DFL JORDAN'S great*
fHUSEUH OF AHATOHY)
4 UM iOSI2IRIETST.bet.6tfI«;ti.S.F.CnL \
\ t>* ThaLtrgMt Aaatomtnl llumg In the T
V World. Weaknesses or »o» matnettd Jl
\- steSSTW di '*'' le p<«Hl«iye»r»4 b» th* gUe»i (r
Q JV; sjj 1 SpccUUit ou the Cowl. DuMjari. £
i/,^£ft OR. JORDAN-DISEASES 0? MEM A
I J&\» H Treitment p«r»mllj or by leu«. A >
a\u25a0} ll it *°* u ''" f» r « l» «"«rj caw under alea. V
rif I IT? **••!:« tor B«ik, PHILOSOPHY, ai A
Ji II \u25a0*A*»lll.%s3K, '.'.ii.m vugs; '±¥
A IX' T<L W*ol* book for Ifcea. ) \
»B. JORDAN A. VO.. 1051 Market St. S. V. fBECOMES FATHER'S EXECUTOR.— Chris
tian :• Rcis . was yesterday appointed adminis
trator of the million-dollar estate ' of his
father, Ferdinand Rels. •
Falke Going to Eaqulmal t.
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. 11.— The Ger
man cruiser Falke, now cruising in
Alaskan waters, will come to Esquimau
on August 23 to have repairs made.
Ever considered the \u25a0plendtd car ser
vice, climatic advantages of the.Rich
mond District f, Exceptional offers to
home-Keekers In Sunday's Real Estate
column*. . . ,\u25a0 . .
.The picture buyers : were .confined to a limited
number of subjects. A glance through our art
gallery will 1 reveal such a profusion of pictures
that It makes It seem" bewildering;* . Oils,-pas
tels, • water -colors,- -famous reproductions "In
sepia, black and /White and gray, • plain and
severe effects. We ' invite your Inspection.
Sanborn, Vail & C 0. ,: 741- Market . street. ••
Twenty-Five Yearn Ago
Government Will Cancel the Patent*
Held by Them to Lnnda Sit
uated In Nevada.
RENO, Aug. 11.— The United . States
Attorney General has notified United
States District Attorney Summerfleld
to commence proceedings In equity
against John A. Benson and F. A. Hyde
for the cancellation of certain land
patents now held by them In Washoe
County and In other portions of the
State of Nevada. Proceedings will be
commenced immediately for the can
cellation of the patents and later crimi
nal proceedings may be Instituted by
the United States District Attorney.
Benson and Hyde, with others, are
now being tried In the District of Co
lumbia for alleged land frauds per
petrated In California.
SUIT IS TO BE COMMENCED
AGAINST BENSON AND HYDE
GRANTS PASS, Or., Aug. 11.— The
hottest weather experienced In South
ern Oregon for the past fifteen years
is that of,- the present. Yesterday the
thermometer registered from 98 to 109
degrees in the shade in this city during
the afternoon. Several prostrations
have occurred here.
The extreme heat has scorched grow
ing crops and parched grain and corn.
It has also caused \u25a0 "melon wilt," and
as a result the melon crop, which is
usually large, is a; failure here this
year. Forest fires are ' raging v ' in the
woods north of this city, the unusual
dryness, heavy winds and lack oC- water
making the flames uncontrollable. Pine
timber worth" over half a million dol
lars . has already been burned oh the
divides of Louise Creek and Jump-Off-
Joe. \u25a0,
the Heat in the Vicinity of
Grants -Pas*. - \u25a0
Grain, Corn and Melon* Injured by
CROPS IN SOUTHERN OREGOX
DAMAGED BY HOT WEATHER-
VALLEJO, . Aug. 11. — The semi-cen
tennial celebration of, San Pablo Lodge
No. 43. Independent Order of Odd Fel
lows,-will be held In this city next Fri
day evening. The. lodge is one of the
oldest fraternal organizations on the
Pacilic Coast and numbers^among its
members many of the prominent citi
zens of California. The- lodge. was .in
stituted on August' lB, 1855, and during
the -past fifty years had • accumulated
property worth nearly $10,000 and has
become one of the largest lodges of
Odd Fellows In the State.
The celebration will take the form of
a literary and musical programme, in
cluding an address "by Past Grand Mas
ter W. H. H. Barnes In Farragut The
ater, followed by a reception^ and ban
quet in San Pablo Hall. Odd Fellows
from San \u25a0 Francisco 1 and Oakland will
be present. :
Semi-Centenninl of '• the \u25a0 Lodge- .to Be
Observed; Next Friday .With"
Fitting .Ceremonies. [
VALLEJO ODD FELLOWS :
PLAN BIG CELEBRATION
SULPHUR SPRINGS, Tex.<s Aug. 11. —
A negro . charged with' attacking the
daughter of a widow near, this place
was burned at the stake hente. to-day.
The crime was committed at. an early
hour this morning. When the town
was alarmed about an hour later a
posse of armed horsemen went imme
diately in pursuit of the negro. The
country was scoured \u25a0in all j directions
and the negro was finally captured. He
was taken to the public square, chained
to a stake and burned before an Im
mense crowd of "excited citizens. The
name of the negro was .Tom Williams.
His victim' was 14 years old. Little re
sistance was made to the mob by the
officers.' " , v ; *-' ....
starving men eat
: boots; of plants
Desnerate Conditions /PrevaiP
in Farming" Community
/ ; ; ; in -Seville.
SEVILLE, Spain; Augl 11.— The, condition
of the farming community in this prov
ince lis 'becoming \u25a0desperase.' Thousands
of laborers,, without bread or,, other food,
have been reduced to \ eating .the roots of
wild plants: jj Bread \ riots are reported . to
have occurred at many places.
The local authorities are; unable to cope
with the distress and are appealing to the
central Government for help.
EIGHTBEN MONTHS IN JAIL
FOR CARELESS CHAUFFEUR
Sixty-two Are \u25a0' Now . Kntltled to a
License to y
Just at the close of yesterday's ses-
Automobile Pilot In Philadelphia Runs
, Down nnd Kill* 1 n Five- Year-
Old Girl.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 11.— William
Henry i Myers. -a .chauffeur, was .to-day
convicted of involuntary manslaughter
and sentenced -to eighteen months' Im
prisonment for' runningdown and kill-
Ing- five-year-old Eleen Sarver.
ANKLE SPRAINED IN . FALL— William
Kearny, who lives at 90X Broadway, and James
Slack, living at . 835 Fourteenth street, re
ceived - badly ' sprained " ankles ' yesterday \u25a0by
being caught under a car at the Second-street
wharf, where they were, unloading .; concrete.
The car capsized, throwing the two men . from
the ' platform' on ' which ' they were $ standing.
They were treated at the * Emergency Hospital.
Try the United States Laundry.' iOO4i 004
Market street . Telephone SouthL42o. •
Mrs. Jack Wilson and Mrs. . George
Downey are also daughters of Mr. and
Mrs. Cluff. ."< r "^.'.i> \u25a0''-.'/*
During the past fortnight the [ Cluff s
and- Breuners have been making many
excursions about the State and had-,just
gone,to Del Monte after a very success
ful run to Byron Springs. The sum
mer was to be devoted to automobillng,
for all are experts and enthusiasts. Mr.
and Mrs. Breuner had planned an East
ern trip and a visit to Europe for the
near future, j
William Cluff is a wealthy business,
man, who resides at the Palace Hotel in
this city with his wife and daughter.
Miss Florence Cluff. Miss California
Cluff and John Breuner were married
in the handsome apartments of the
bride's parents on June 7 of this year,
the event being of great social interest.
Mrs. Breuner. had become a skillful
chauffeur under her husband's guid
ance. Mr. and Mrs. Breuner made their
wedding tour In their automobile and
have since made frequent trips in the
machine.
The local Knight 3 of Columbus ami
their friends will journey to Vallejo to
morrow to assist in the celebration of
the fall of Manila. A feature of the
day will be a baseball game between
San Francisco Knights and Vallejo.
David Supple is manager of the local
team. Vallejo has Invited all the neai
by towns to assist in the celebration
and the day promises to be a gala one.
The local Knights have chartered the
General Frisbee, which leaves Mission
street pier at 9:45 a. m.
To Celebrate Fall of Manila.
Back 3lan Attacks Girl and Is
Promptly Executed in the
Public Square.
Would Defend Board In Suits.
Wai J. Tuska yesterday made an of
fer to the Board of Works to defend it
in suits for damages brought by indi
viduals who have been injured through
defective sidewalks and streets. Tuska
says the suits are without merit, so far
as the personal responsibility of the
Works' Commissioners is concerned,
and, as he will undertake to defend
for a nominal consideration, his offer
will in all likelihood be accepted.
BULL'S HEAt> BREAKFAST.— The Ire
quoin Club Ib preparing for a bull's head
breakfast to be given this month. The time
and 'place has~not yet bsen decided upon.
NEGRO IS BUKNED AT
THE STAKE IN TEXAS
Miss Mary F. Welch, a middle-aged
woman, was committed to the Stock
ton Insane Asylum yesterday by Judge
Murasky. Several days ago Miss Welch
threatened to kill her mother and she
was taken to the dententlon hospital
Thursday pending the outcome of her
case. In the testimony of her relatives
yesterday before the court it \u25a0was stated
that she cared nothing for new clothes
and cast them off when given to her,
preferring to wear old rags. Her home
was at 209 Thirtieth street.
Committed to Insane Asylum.
Former Governor David R. Francis of
Missouri is now on his way to Portland
from St. Louis and will address the con
gress on "Expositions and Their Influ
ence on the Honest Development "of the
Country." John W. Noble, former Sec
retary of the 'Interior, and the first vice
president of the congress, will address
the delegates upon the subject, /'The De
partment of Commerce and Labor."
The Columbia River, a subject of great
importance to the Pacific Northwest, will
be discussed by Major J. C. Langfitt, U.
S. A., who has for six years been in
charge of the engineering work on the
Columbia River, and who, although
scheduled to be in Washington, has, ow
ing "to the importance of this congress,
secured permission to' remain for the pur
pose of addressing. the delegates.
Prominent among the speakers who
have assured Francis of their intention to
be present are Governor A. E. Mead of
Washington, Governor- Chamberlain of
Oregon, Governor Pardee of California,
Governor J. H. Mickey of Nebraska, Gov
ernor Brady of Alaska, Senators Fulton
of Oregon, Piles and Ankeny of Wash
ington and Heyburn of Idaho, and a
number of prominent men in public life.
The main topic on the programme, that
of Oriental trade, -will be discussed by
Theodore Wilcox, president of the con
gress; "John Barrett, American Minister
to Colombia, and James J. Hill, president
of the Great Northern.
PORTLAND, Aug. 11.— The preliminary
wor>; connected with the sixteenth an
nual session of the Trans-Mlsslsslppi
Commercial Congress, which will convene
in this city on August 16, has been com
pleted,, and Secretary Francis' reports
that . 800 delegates have been named by
the various States and Territories.
All Preparations Completed
for the Trans-Mississippi
Convention in Portland
The teams are practicing every day
and will work hard from now until the
day of the game so as to be in the best
possible shape for a hard contest. The
firemen will visit Goat Island on Wed
nesday for a practice game with the
Pensacolas, and the police will make
the trip on Saturday following. Lieu
tenant Michael Joseph Conboy is al
ready organizing the police rooters and
\u25bathey promise to outdo all their efforts
In this line' at former games.
The proceeds will- be donated to the
Youths' Directory as a testimonial from
the two departments to Rev. D. O.
Crowley in his endeavor to clear from
debt the Rutherford farm for homeless
boys.
The firemen and police will meet
again on the diamond at Recreation
Park Sunday, September 30, at 10:15
a. m., and try to settle the question of
supremacy, which the last game left
undecided, when, after nine innings of
all kinds of baseball, the score stood
5 to 5.
Flnnl Game for the Championship Will
Be Played on September 3 at
Recreation Park.
FIRE LADDIES AXD ' "COPS'*
TO MEET ON THE DIAMOND
NOTED SPEAKERS
WILL BE HEARD
City Attorney Percy Long yesterday
acknowledged receipt of City Treasurer
McDougald's communication of August
7, 1905, in which the latter tells of the
payment into the treasury of the sum
of $6351 60, heretofore received by him
as the percentage allowed by section
XX of the collateral inheritance tax act
upon taxes collected under that act.
Long says he is pleased to have Mc-
Dougald's concurrence in the opinion
heretofore expressed by his office that
such fees are lawfully the property of
the city and county of San Francisco.
Long says he is also convinced that the
Supreme Court of this State will con
firm that view, should an appeal be
prosecuted to that court from the de
cision heretofore rendered in favor of
the city and county in the matter of S.
H. Brooks vs. San Francisco.
Thinks Fees Belong; to City.
PACIFIC GROVE, Aug. 11. — A very
serious automobile accident occurred on
the seventeen-mile drive near Carmel
Hill this afternoon. An auto party,
consisting of Mr. and Mrs. John
Breuner and Mr. and Mrs. William
Cluff, parents of Mrs. Breuner, of San
Francisco, were all thrown from the
car to the ground. Mr. Cluff's left leg
was broken just above the ankle and
he is considerably bruised about the
body. The other members of the party
escaped with a few bruises on their
faces and hands.
The Breuner and Cluff parties are
summering at Del Monte. About 2
o'clock this afternoon they took a spin
on the famous seventeen-mile drive.
Mrs. Breuner, formerly Miss California
Cluff, was acting as chauffeur and they
were making good time. All went well
until the sharp grade of Carmel Hill
was reached. On the descent the fair
chauffeur applied more energy to the
machine than was needed and the car
at once became unmanageable, turning
quickly to the side of the road and
dashing down the steep embankment
of about sixty feet. All were thrown
out, and, with the exception of Mr.
Cluff, escaped serious injury.
Luckily for Mr. Cluff. another auto
mobile party happened along about this
time and picked him up and brought
him into town. Dr. Ritchie of Pacific
Grove set and dressed the broken leg.
It is the opinion of the doctor that if
no complications set in the breuk will
soon knit and Mr. Cluff will be around
again. He was taken to San Francisco
to-night on a special train.
Mr. Breuner's new $8000 automobile
Is a total wreck.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— News of the
rescue of ' Anthony- Flala, .'head* of the
second Ziegler expedition in search of
the North Pole, yesterday caused the
announcement by his family in Brook
lyn of his engagement to Miss" Clare
Puryear of Nashville, Term.- The South
ern girl promised on the. day Fiala's
expedition sailed to be his" bride, but
the engagement was kept a_ secret
pending news of 'his return. .
'The explorer first met Miss Puryear
several years ago when he visited
Nashville with a troop of Brooklyn
cavalry, which took part in the New
York -day celebration at the Tennessee
exposition;. \u0084 \u25a0•-...
The announcement was made at the
office of. the ..' late . William Ziegler in
this, city that the members of- the Fiala
party will be> brought baok to this
country, and sent to their homes. When
that, has been, done no further attempts
backed \u25a0by the Ziegler "; estate will be
made to reach the North: Pole, as the
executors, have no desire to continue
the work. . \u25a0 '
Expedition.
Southern Glrl^ Announces Engagement
to Anthony Flala of Ziegler ;
YOUNG- WOMAN WHO WAS' DRIVING THE AUTO NEAR DEL, MONTE YESTER
DAY WHICH WENT OVER THE BANK, RESULTING IN THE SERIOUS
INJURY OF WILLIAM CLUFF. HER FATHER.
WILL MARRY EXPLORER.
Some light is shown on the present
investigation in the fact that neither
the student alleged to have obtained
the questions from Dr. Mayhew nor the
one who is alleged to have received
them from Dr. Dunn was successful In
passing the .examination. The list of
those who are entitled to a dental li
cense Is as follows:
John A. Scannavino, San Francisco; Carlos
J. Marlzuya, San Francisco; Joseph H. Mazza,
Petaluma: W. M. Bullock, San Francisco; C.
E. Fox. Bakersfleld; F. E. McClaskey. Carson
City, New; J. g. Montague, San Francisco;
Charles" F. "Wiser Oakland; M. J. Zeller. San
Francisco: J. A. Brooks. Berkeley; W. J.
Nordlund, Oakland; A. B. Cosad. Oakland;
G. O. Beem, San Francisco; C. J. Tolton, San
Francisco: Elbert Mallett, San Francisco; D.
D. Davenport. Berkeley; F. A. Curtiss, San
Jose; I* C. Marshall. Vacaville: W. -J. Dow
ell, Oakland : A. O. Evans, San Francisco; N.
C. Cummings, San Francisco; F. "W. Potter,
Bakersfield; L. Kurnle, Dlxon; Horace Curaton.
San Jose; C. E. Young, San Francisco; M. E.
Arner, San Francisco: Leßoy Tufts. Berkeley;
W. W. Leslie. Porterville; A. J. Stevens. San
Francisco: Homer Swain, Chlco; F. H.
Freuzel, Berkeley; A. B. Howe. Berkeley: A.
F. Pescia, San Francisco; G. W. Mlngus, San
Francisco; A. D. DeMartln. Crescent City; A.
L. Sobey, Berkeley; Miss Faith Sal So Leong.
San Francisco; W. A. Flood, Santa Ana; C. L.
Harvey, San Francisco; "W. R. Lane, San
Francleco; I. A. Minor, Arcata; H. J. Gray.
SuUun: G. D. O'Connell. San Francisco: J. H.
Stofflet, Bishop; W. H. Kldlan, San Francisco;
J M. Carroll, San Francisco; G. A. Howatt.
Scotia: H. D. March, Chlco: C. "W. Wilson.
San Francisco: R. F. Morehead, Nlcolaus; F.
H. Eidenmuller. Berkeley; T. I* Rogers,
Berkeley; J. R. Noto, Point Arena: J. B,
Keogh, San Francisco; C. V. Murphy, San
Francisco: R. J. Toung. Tulare; F. Hiatt.
Stockton: J. F. Steele, Reno, Nev.: L. C.
Weishbach, San Francisco: W. C. Smith. San
Francisco: H. P. Davis. San Francisco; H. W.
Moore, San Francisco.
slon of the commission it was decided
to give out the names of the students
who had passed the State dental ex
amination. These names have been
withheld ever since the investigation
began, and the eighty-four students
who had applied for licenses have been
on the anxious seat all this time. At
their urgent request the list was pub
lished yesterday. Of the eighty-four
candidates sixty-two have passed.
In giving out the names of the suc
cessful candidates Commissioner Pills
bury said: "It was at the request of
the commission that these names were
held in abeyance. We did not want the
students to. feel that what they said on
the witness stand would be counted
against them. While we have not yet
decided the question, of the culpability
of any members of the board or of any
one else, yet none of these students
were close enough to any unfairness
to cause them to be punished for the
actions of others. I am giving these
names out, also, for the reason that
the Attorney General told me that as
they had once been put on the records
of* the board they were legally the
property of the students."
SUCCESSFUL DENTAL STUDENTS.
"No," replied Dr. Baird, "nothing of the
kind. We ; would! have had the investi
gation at any time that Dr. Cool had
shown us any proofs." .
Then followed the letters of Drs. Dunn
and Cool asking .for a special meeting.
Dr. Baird said that the first meeting was
held as Dr. Baird, requested; and that at
that time, there were no proofs offered
which warranted the examination.
Attorney > Lukens questioned the»wit
ness with the evident Intention of show
ing that. Drs. Dunn and Cool were not
given a chance and. that the records were
badly kept by Dr. Herrick.
At the morning session Dr. J. F. Steele
swore \u25a0 that he had not made the remark
that- he had paid $150 for a license, as
was stated by Dr. Brooks on Thursday.
The commission „ wlllv meet again on
Monday -.morning. .' . \u25a0
• '"Then* Cool came vi» to where we were
standing. Mayhew told him that he would
not regign— he had done only his duty.
•All right.' said* Dr. Cool, .'then this be
comes . a : - public matter.* "
At the conclusion of Dr. Baird's testi
mony came the questioning in regard to
the two meetings of the board which were
adjourned before the matter could be in
vestigated. Dr. Baird said that these
were Informal meetings, and that Dr.
Cool did not produce the evidence to war
rant an investigation." He would not give
us those affidavits."
"Do -I understand that you five mem
bers of this State Board of Dental Exam
iners held this informal meeting because
you knew that no record would be made
of It, and that you would rather have had
no investigation at all, than to have had a
record of it in the minutes?" asked Com
missioner Plllsbury.
MAYHEW DECLINES TO RESIGN.
•• 'Dr. Balrd,' he said, 'Mayhew's ques
tions have been given out in advance. 1
have three affidavits to that effect. That
man must resign from this board at once
or I will have the examinations stopped
and the information in the hands of the
Governor by 2 o'clock this afternoon. We
must, reorganize this board. I am as
much entitled to the presidency as though
it were an inheritance. I am an old prac
titioner and entitled to the place.'
'• 'You must see Herrick and fix It up.
If you don't I will publish stories about
yon that will kill you. There has been a
complaint I chargingyou with criminal
libel, filed with a lawyer of this city for
some time, and it was I who kept him
from starting the proceedings. Don't put
any faith in Mayhew. He is telling on
you. You think that I am a friend of
Dunn. I did not speak to him for five
years until he came on this board.
If you don't fix this up the suit will
cost you $500 and ruin you whether \t
succeeds or not.' V
"I was astonished at these things com
ing from Dr. Cool. In the first place I
did not think that Dr. Mayhsw was
guilty, and the threats -against me
seemed, monstrous. 'I will do my duty,"
I told that man. and with that I left the
room. Previous to this I had said that
we could consult Drs. White and How
ard. 'No,', he said, 'they are not fit to
be on. this board.'
,"I went right down and found Dr. May
hew. He denied the charge made* by Cool
and at that time he 'told me that the
only persons that he had given the ques
tions to were Drs. Dunn and Cool, and
at their request. He told me that Dr.
Cool. had taken them away and that Dr.
Dunn had .examined them in his pres
ence. . I
The most important feature of Dr.
Balrd's testimony yesterday was his
statement that he had seen Dr. Mayhew
on the day of the anatomy examination
and that Dr. Mayhew had told Dr. Baird
at that time that he had given the ques
tions to Drs. Dunn and Cool at their re
quest, and that no one else had seen
them before they were put upon the
blackboard. This strengthened the sworn
testimony of Dr. Mayhew, who stated this
fact at Thursday's session, and cast a
suspicion on the testimony of Drs. Dunn
arid Cool, who passed the lie direct-to
Dr. Mayhew by swearing that they had
not seen the written questions until the
day that they were shown to the board.
"It was" on the morning of the anatomy
examination that some one told me that
Dr. Cool wanted to see me," said Dr.
Baird. "I found Dr. White and we went
down to the dental supply room of Dr.
Coke, on the floor below. There I met Dr.
Cool, and he said that he wanted to see
me alone. I told him that he could say
whatever he' wanted to before Dr. White,
but he was so persistent that he should
see me alone that I yielded and went Into
a private office. He shut the door and
locked it, then turned to me and said:
'What are you afraid of? I am not going
to smash you in the face. Why are you
so nervous? 1 I told him that I did not
see anything to be afraid of and that I
was far from nervous. .
SEEK TO SHOW UXFAmNESS.
During the daj&the "solid five" attempt
ed to show the hatred of Drs. Dunn and
Cool toward them and to clear any of
their number of the charges of unfairness
or fraudulent giving out of questions' in
advance of the anatomy examination. On
the other hand, the "solid two" endeav
ored to show that the affairs of the board
were carried on unfairly by Dr. Balrd
and that Secretary Herrick had not done
his work well.
Dr. F. G. Duird, president of the
board, directly charged Dr. Cool rvlth
threatening; Dr. Mnyhew and himself
with ruin unless the board was reor
su nixed, Dr. Mayhew gone and him
self nt the hmd as president. These
Btatrmentii were made under oath anil
with deliberation by Dr. Balrd. Thin
wns the Nensnttonnl testimony at yes
terday's sewalon. It took the commis
sion by surprise. /
Dr. Cool was not there to hear the
charges made against him. He had been
excused by: Commissioner Pillsbury after
the adjournment of the commission last
night. Attorney Brann, acting for the
"solid, five," lodged a formal action
against the absence of Dr. Cool and
asked that an adjournment be made un
til his return, but the commission decided
against him. _.'.;\u25a0'" .
The inside workings of the State Board
of Dental Examiners, the deep down hap
penings which picture in vivid colors the
animosity existing, among several of the
members, the rumblings which have gone
on for months threatening constantly to
explode, all hitherto unpublished, are
being gradually wormed out by the inves
tigation commission and the facts of the
case exposed to the critical eye of the
public. \
business failures for the week num
ber 166. against 178 last week, IS7 In
the like week of 1904. 160 in 1903. ISI
In 1902 and 178 in 1901.
'"Half of the 1905 wool crop has
been sold, worsted manufacturers re
port orders booked for six months, the
choc and leather trades are doing an
Increased business at steadily ad
vanced pricos, cotton goods sellers can
jpot begin to satisfy requirements, and
;»r prompt shipment the finished iron
end steel trades show great activity,
end although there is some unrest In
labor matters the industrial situation
reveals few important . flaws. Taking
etaple prices a.3 a whole, the level of
values Is at the highest point reached
in midsummer for : a period of fifteen
years past.
"Farmers are busy on harvest work,
and retail trade Is naturally quiet, but
an increased, number of fall buyers is
noted in all the leading markets. Cot
ton bleached goods have been advanced
this week; prints are scarce and in de
mand, and worsted goods sell well, with
mills reporting six months' orders
ahead. An advance of 50 per cent in
raw wool is shown over this time a
year ago." ' . :
Bradstreet's advices are that the
corn crop of the South will be the best
ever made, and that the Southwestern
crop is well nigh assured. In the North
west spring wheat is being cut with
little or no complaint as to rust dam
age, and a good wheat and hop crop
Is looked for in the Pacific Northwest
States. California wheat, oats and bar
ley will yield below an average.
1905 WOOL CROP.
ket on account of export trade. Woolen
goods are meeting' with steady demand.
"Western shoe jobbers have not
placed the customary amount of spring
orders, owing to disagreement as to
values.
"Failures this week number 222 In
th*» United Statts. compared with 222 a
y<ar ago, and IS in Canada, against 33
last year."
v iSr.-idstreet's to-morrow will say:
Fall trado. Stimulated by excellent
crop advices, continues to expand at
Wholesale. Increased purchases, a wider
range of selection and some improve
ment in collections are noted East,
West nnd Southwest. Lines noting spe
cial activity at the West are dry goods,
. notions, hardware, lumber, groceries
and shoes.
"In the iron and steel industry export
trade is expanding;, and -several im
portant contracts are pending that will
add a larg-o tonnage to the business of
the mills when satisfactory terms can
by arranffed.
"Textile markets have had the stim
ulus of an increasing attendance of
Western buyers. At present the only
*\ ent that night weaken the position
of cotton manufacturers would be the
cancellation of Chinese orders, as many
mills have •withdrawn from the mar-
IRO.Y AXD STEEL.
Kansas City reports wholesale trade in
creased and prospects considered bright.
At St. Louis orders from traveling sales
men are heavy. Quarantine restrictions
Interfere with Xew Orleans trade, but
real estate is active and building mate
rials in demand.
The Btr'.klng telegraphers Interrupted 1
the distribution of merchandise at Min
reapolis. but trade prospects improve
*"ith the maturity of crops. Favorable
trade features are maintained at St. Paul.
Trade ie satisfactory at Denver, largely
exceeding last year's, but current
tiH*Us are only fair.
Despite much talk of boycott San Fran
cisco reports heavy exports to China, and
other foreign commerce ?s liberal, while
real estate sales continue unprecedented,
but the wheat harvest is somewhat disap
pointing. Bank exchanges are consider
ably larger than in any preceding year,
showing gains over the corresponding
weeks of l? 04 and 1903. Total exchanges
this week at all leading cities in the
Vnited States are $2,043,590,225, a gain of
*4.9 per cent over last year.
R. G. Dun & Co.'s weekly review of
trade to-morrow will say:
"Trade reports are less uniformly
favorable, but adverse conditions are of
a temporary nature, and the net result
for the week is satisfactory. Numerous
failures have occurred, exerting the
customary pernicious influence over
business, and the epidemic of yellow
fever is restricting Southern trade. On
the ether hand, thr- normal conditions
have facilitated retail trade, crop pros
poets have greatly improved and out
of-town buyers are numerous in all the
leading markets. Manufacturing plants
are active, the textile mills still occu
pying the strongest position. Railway
earnings in July were 7.4 per cent
greater than in the same month last
year, and foreign commerce {it this port
lor the last week showed an Increase
of ?3,317,390 in imports, while exports
decreased $1,345,325. Little change has
occurred in the financial situation, rates
ruling easy, while prices of securities
have risen close to the highest point
on record. Bank exchanges in New
York for the week were. 47.B per cent
lars^r^han last y«~ar, and at other lead
ing cities the increases amounted to
14.1 i\er cent.
NEW YORK. Aug. U.-Dispatches to
R. G. Dun & Co. indicate that trade has
Improved in the aggregate, although some
drawbacks are found, particularly at the
South and because of labor controversies
in several different localities. Shipyards,
carshops and electrical supplies are busy,
and makers of cheap jewelry have large
orders. Pittsburg reports a quiet mar
ket for dry goods, but hardware is more
active.
The loss of the provisions was seriously
felt, and but for the stores left by the
Baldwin-Ziegler expedition in Teplitz Bay
the* men would have been- in bad straits.
In the following spring continued at
tempts were made eastward^ and west
ward to. force a passage to the pole. The
conditions, however, were insurmount
able. The expedition met with . much
open water and day after day encoun
tered fresh dangers and difficulties. Ul
timately the supply' of provisions began
to give out and a painful journey south
ward was begun, the members of the ex
pedition finally reaching the depots at
Cape Flora, Cape Dillon and Camp Zieg
ler, among which they were distributed
and where they managed to eke out the
limited supplies by catches of walrus and
bear.
TROMSOE, Norway, Aug. 11.— The re
lief steamer Terra Nova, which succeed
ed In rescuing Anthony Fiala and' the
other members of the Zlegler polar ex
pedition, arrived here to-day. She 'sailed
from Tromsoe June 14 last, shapingVier
course direct for the ice fields, which
were encountered" June 19 in latitude 75
degrees 97 minutes north, longitude 36
degrees 26 minutes east. The condition of
the ice being favorable the ship proceed
ed eastward along the edge of the field
until June 27, when it commenced to
force its way through the floe, and on
July 25 struck ofcen water.
Thick ice was again encountered the
following day, but on the morning of July
2S Palml Island was sighted, and on July
29 the Terra Nova reached Cape Dillon,
where she found six members of the ex
pedition safe and well. From this out
post sleds were dispatched to notify Fiala
at the headquarters camp of the arrival
of the rescue shipJ
The Nova reached Cape Flora July 30
and found more members of the expedi
tion. These had become weakened by
the hardships they, endured and some of
tTiem were so ill that they could not have
held out for many months. Returning to
Cape Dillon, Mr. Champ, who command
ed the relief expedition, organized a party
and started for the headquarters camp,
from which he brought back Fiala and
his comrades.*
The Terra Nova sailed for home August
1. It got out of the ice pack August 6
and returned in excellent condition. /The
members of the Zlegler expedition tell a
stirring story of their vain efforts to
reach the pole. In the severe weather
of November, 1903, the ship America,
which carried the expedition, broke up
and the provisions and coal were lost.
Part of the wreckage remained until
/anuary 22, 1904, when it disappeared dur
ing a storm.
! Before the fire was under control six
of the firemen had been carried to the
hospital and many others of the wound
ed were barely able to walk. The loss
was estimated at about $60,000.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11. — Twenty fire
men were carried, burned and uncon
scious from boiling soap, five of them
very badly parboiled, from a fir© In W.
H. D&gg\tt's Sons' soap factory In West
One Hundredth and Twentieth street to
day. Tanks containing: 70.000 gallons
of soap fats exploded after a fire In the
three-story building; had been brought
under control. For five, hours thereaft
er firemen fought this new danger,
crawling 1 on their stomachs on side
walks outside the building;, unable to
stand in a poisonous flood of smoko
which exhaled from the fiery soap
greases and continually exposed to lit
tle rivers of the scorching Quid which
flowed from the building. "Water
seemed for the first three hours to have
no effect whatever on the burning soap
fats other than to cause them to flow
more freely, with greater peril to the
fighters.
After the vats had taken fire Acting
Chief Blnns was forced to divide his
men into two parties, one to enter the
black' smoke cloud with the hose and
the other to stand waiting out In the
air to rush In and rescue fainting com
rades, whose cries for help came from
the fiery furnace every few moments.
The black smoke was even more dead
ly than the fat grease, and sometimes
the men lying flat on their faces were
forced to inhale it by the constant
back draughts.
In no case did the injured firemen
come from a single experience in the
smoke and grease, but from repeated
dashes into the fire zone after having
been dragged out helpless by com
rades. ' A physician was among the
rescue brigade and by first aid treat
ment succeeded In reviving some of the
firemen. Several firemen who were
taken out unconscious and restored to
their senses refused to obey orders to
go to the hospital, but ran back to
their posts of duty. For an hour Fred
Barry fought the fire from the cellar
with the scalding grease trickling over
him. As he fell his strength gave out.
He screamed for help and Chief Howe.
In another part of the building, heard
him. Barry was found unconscious on
the ground and was removed to the
hospital. Fireman O'Xeill sustained
the most serious Injuries. When the
first vat, containing 10,000 gallons of
soap liquid, exploded, several mem
bers of Company IS were so near that
the explosion knocked them down. They
ran out of the building, not knowing
that O'Neill, who was one of the party,
was left behind. He was quickly miss
ed and searchers found him lying on a
stairway in a small case of soap grease.
Survivors Tell Stirring
/Story of Their Vain Ef
. forts to Reach the Pole
Railway Earnings Greater in
July and Foreign Com
merce Shows Big Increase
Flood of Poisonous Smoke
Adds to Danger and Many
Men Fall Unconscious
Dr. F. G. Bnlrd, president of the Stnte Board at Dental Examin
er*, swore before the Investigating; commliilon yesterday that Dr.
It. If. Cool had called him Into a private office oo the day of the
anatomy examination, locked the door and there threatened him with
ruin If he would not aid him In forcing; Dr. Mayhew to reitlgii, reor-
Kanlzlnsr the 'board and klvliir him the prenldency. Dr. liaird said
that nt this time Dr. Cool told him that Dr.. .Ma>hevr gave out the
questions In advance. This testimony was a surprise to the com
mission. It shows the antagonism which has disrupted the board.
MANUFACTURING ACTIVE
GREASE TANKS EXPLODE
SUFFER- MUCH HARDSHIP
Terra Nova Lands /Rescued
Members of Ziegler Arctic
> Expedition at Tromsoe
Dun Reports Trade Less Uni
formly Favorable, but Ad
verses Only Temporary
New York Firemen Are Bad
ly Burned While Fighting
Flames in Soap Factory
NET RESULTS
SATISFACTORY
Says He Was, "Threatened With Ruin if
He Would 'Not Aid in Conspiracy.
Dr. Baird Swears Associate Tried to Uust
Others to Obtain Presidency.
RELIEF SHIP
IS IN NORWAY
WORK IN RAIN
OF BLAZING FAT
PRESIDENT OF DENTAL BOARD
DENOUNCES DR. RUSSELL COOL.
WILLIAM CLUPF INJURED
IN AN AUTO ACCIDENT
Breaks Leg When Car Driven by Daughter
Gdfes Over Bank Near Del Monte. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY AUGUST 12. 1905.
5
IN 3/IIN J:I\Aflll/lOv^U AT
. ;• AND VICINITY .
SAN FRANCISCO
1818 Devbadcro St. /^^^^^ S^Tn^nTst.
576 Valencia St. B(&ißlTv3<^ 33 S. Second St.
LooK for^ the Singer Sign
when in need of a Sewing Machine or Supplies.
Needles for all maKes of Sewing Machines
Sewing Machines Rented or ExchangedCHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR CONVENTION.—
Alameda. Aug. 11. — The sixty-fourth quarterly
convention of th» Alaraeda County Christian
Endeavor Union will be held !n the First Con
gregational Church nejt Friday. Rev. L. pp O t
ter Hitchcock, the pastor, will welcome the
delegates, who will meet at 3 p. m., and E A
Hugill, county superintendent of the organiza
tion, will respond. Rev. H. K. Sanborn Is to
deliver an address on ' "Relationship of En
deavor," and Miss Jeanette Gedallus will tell
of work among the Jews. Evening devotional
exercises will bo led by Dr. S. A. Kelley of
Oakland. State president of the Christian En
deavor Union.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— Another visit
was paid to the Blaker home at Fruit-:
vale to-day in the hope of finding
more of the money taken trom Thomas
Cook the night he was robbed by Percy
Pembroke, George Blaker I and John
Schneider. The last named told Sheriff
Barnet that he thought he- knew where
more money had been hidden" by Blaker^
and' lie was taken to the place where he
had previously unearthed' sl46, but the
quest to-day fail jd to reveal any more.
FIND NO MORE COIN.
HAYWARDS, Aug. 11.— John Rupp
richt, 73 years old, a pioneer of Hay
wards, died to-day at the German Hos
pital' in San Francisco from blood
poisoning caused by Ruppricht's at
tempt to alleviate his sufferings from
an ingrowing toe nail. After the in
fection appeared the toe was ampu
tated, but the operation was too late.
Ruppricht leaves' two daughters and a
son, Deputy County Assessor. Charles
Ruppricht.
DIES OF BLOOD POISONING.
: VALLBJO. Augr. 11.— The , Twenty
Thousand Club of Vallejo this evening
gave a banquet to President John Cross
and • the officers of the new Vallejo,
Benicia and Napa Valley Electric Rail
road. Covers were laid for sixty-five
and the function was attended by the
most prominent citizens of Vallejo and
Napa. There were speeches by Mayor
Roney of Vallejo, Mayor Fuller of Napa
and President Cross.
Twenty Thousand Club Given Banquet
in Honor of* Men of New
Electric Line.
VALLEJO ACTS AS HOST
TO .RAILWAY OFFICIALS
TO DEDICATE XEW LlBRARY.— Oakland.
Aug. 11. — Th* trustee* cf the new* Carnegia
library at Haywards have fixed September 23
as the date for its dedication.
•ST. PAUL, Aug.' IL— The meeting of
General Manager Horn of the Northern
Pacific and General Superintendent Slade
of the Great Northern with the State
Railroad and Warehouse Commission
this afternoon was barren of results so
far as it had any effect on the telegraph
ers' strike. The railroad officials in an
swer to the Question as to why a num
ber of their stations were closed, in
formed Judge Mills, chief of the commis
sion, that 96 per cent of the Northern Pa
cific stations .were open and .that' 92 per
cent of the Great Northern stations were
doing -business. The railway officials
stated that in three. or four days every
station on both lines will be open.
The ground leased on the Apple
gate will be thoroughly prospected and
if 'sufficient values are carried two or
more dredgers will be placed In the
near future.
GRANTS PASS, Or., Aug. II —The
Oroville Dredging Company of Califor
nia yesterday closed negotiations in
this city by which leases were secured
on a vast acreage of dredging ground
on Applegate River, near Grants Pass.
The consideration ia $70,000. John
Hays Hammond is at the head of the
company and has behind him a num
ber of prominent California »and New
York capitalists and mining- men.
Lease Secured on a I.arsje Tract
of Land on tbe Apple-
Kate River.
CALIFORNIA HIKING MEX
TO OPERATE IX OREGON
The members of the California Wing
Club will hold an open-to-all- handicap
shoot at fifteen live birds to-morrow
at Ingleside. The entrance fee will be
$5, which includes birds.
Among the cracks shots of the East
who will compete here next month will
be Crosby, Gilbert, Fanning, Marshall,
Shaner and Helkes.
Crack Shots to Compete Here.
Meeting' of Railroad Superin
tendent and State Commis
sion Barren of Results.
HAS NO EFFECT ON
STRIKE SITUATION
'BKRKKLKY Aug.ll. — Word has re
cently c-oine to the university, of the do
ings of finite a number of mining
graduates, who are putting In practice
the knowledge gained in the college
of mines. William Burt Aibertson is
in Dayton, Nev , for Lne Ventura syn
dicate. Louis Henry Dyko, '05, is work
ins underground at the retimbering of
the ; Sutra tunnel in Virginia City.
Ralph Thomas Wishler, '05, is- mining at
Stedman, Cal.. near Dfcath Valley. Nor
man Caswell Ejtines, '05, has charge of
a drilling crew under Harry Cornish
in Calaveras County. Lynne John
Bevan, '05, is prospecting a mine in
Tuoluir.iu- County. Bdward" Arthur
Bannister. '05, and 'Wendell Bldridge
Cahill. '05, arc working a pocket mine
on shares in "Tuolurane County. :
Professor Samuel B. Christy of the
mininsj' department of the University
of California is on a "visit .to' Virginia
City, Nov.. and to Victor, Cripple Creek
and Denver, Colo., where he has gone to
study some of the recent improvements
In the treatment of gold and silver ores.
He will be back for the opening of the
college year.
WORK OK MIM.VG GRADUATES,
VALLEJO, Aug. 11. — Cy Moreing and
others of the State League have been in
communication with the directors of
the Vallejo Baseball Association in an
endeavor to secure Vallejo's fast ama
teur nine, in the league in the place of
San Jose. Several propositions have
been made the directors, but none
exactly to the liking of the local mag
nates. Vallejo has one of the fastest
independent teams •' in the State this
year. -
Lcnguc Want* Vnllcjo Team.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11. — According to
the petition for the probate of the will
of the late Clement G. Clay of the firm
of Pherman. Clay & Co., filed here to
day, the deceased loaves an estate val
ued at $1,000,000. He*beciucath» $25,000
to his niece, Margaret G. Sinclair, whom
lie brought up as his daughter, and-re
quests that th'i balance of his estate
be kept together until his youngest
daughter, Madeline Clay, now 19 wars
of ago. reaches 21.
Decedent states that at the time of
hie marriage »•* had J75.000. and his
wife sinco that time has inherited
J1'6.000, and directs that these sutna
."-luill go in as community property, and
that when the time for final distribu
tion comes the widow" lake half
the \u25a0 estate and . the children lake
the other half. share and share
alike. The heirs are his widow,
Amue I*' Clay; Annie Clay Craw
ford of 41 West Fifty-seventh
street. New York, and Madeline Clay,
daughters, anil Philip T. Clay, his son.
H« appoints his widow, PhllJp T.
Clay and Kerdhiand W. Stephenson, hia
nephew, as the executrix and executors
of his will.
Directs Distribution After
Youngest Daughter
Reaches 21.
Convention of Society In Santa
Clara County.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 11. — The Santa Clara
County Epworth League Alliance held
its annual convention here to-day. Pres
ident G. B. Pratt presided. Rev. S. L>.
Hutslnpiller of this city delivered an
address of welcome. A response was
made by Rev. Robertson Burley or Ber
ryess«. Miss Delia Archibald of Camp
bell read a paper on "The Morning
Watch." Reports of the various leagues
in the county showed an increased in
terest In the organization.
"Christian Stewardship" was the sub
ject of a paper by John Crummey 'of
Los Gatoa. At the afternoon session ad
dresses were made by Dr. Matthews* and
Rev. C. E. Irons of College Park. A con
ference of various departments fol- -
lowed.
Thla evening the delegates wera
given a banquet by the local leagues.
Bishop J. W. Hamilton this evening de
livered an address.
Bishop Hamilton Speaks at the Annual
The name of George W. Reed,, former
District Attorney of this county, and a
leader at the Alameda County bar, has
been linked with the list of those prom
inently mentioned in this connection. It
is understood that Reed would accept
the honor of the appointment if Gov
ernor Pardee should make the tender.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— Now that the
late William E. Greene, Judge of the
Superior Court of Alameda County, has
been laid to rest activity is manifest
among the candidates to fill the vacan
cy created by his death] Petitions are
in circulation for signers in behalf of
Deputy District Attorney T. W. Harris
and of former Judge. John Yule. G. W.
Langan, the attorney, formerly of Liv
ermore, is also being pressed for the po
sition. - . . .
EP WORTH LKAIU X HOLDS
SESSION" IN' SA^f JOSB
CLAY LEAVES ESTATE
VALUED AT $1,000,000
Those in charge of the plant have not
been able to account for the accident,
which <s of such a: nature that the trans
formers are practically completely, de
stroyed. The power is developed on the
Trudue River at Florlston, a number of
miles awty. It is wired direct to the
transformers and from triere distributed
to the mines.
RENO, Aug. 11.— Several hundred min
ers omDloycd at Virginia City were
thrown out of work to-day by the burn
ing out of the two big transformers fur
nishing power for the operation of the
pumps anil machinery. Every mine in
the camp, with the exception of the Con.
Virginia. Ward and Ophir, are out, of
commission, and from indications it will
be several days before they are able
to resume.
Epecial Dispatch to Tlio Call.
Candidates Appear for the
Place Occupied. by Late
William E. Greene.
The members of the Olympic Club
team of athletes who competed at the
Portland Exposition won eighteen
prizes. Of these six were firsts, ten
seconds and two thirds. They com
peted against the picked men of Ameri
ca and their showing was excellent.
The members of the team who have re
turned from the North are Captain Max
Rosenfeld. Trainer Roger Cornell.
George James, Garcia, Hall, Burgess,
Gorhart, Plaw and Glarner.
They were accompanied by Light
body, the famous distance runner of
Chicago, and by Blair, the sprinter.
Olympic Tram Returns.
Causes a Shut Down in the
Fields at Virginia
City.
CONTEST ON OVER
VACANT JUDGESHIP
BROKEN POWER PLANT
CLOSES THE MINES
SEATTLE. Aug. 12.— Serious charges
against the management of the Govern
ment improvement work at Fort Casey
and severe criticism ot the failure of Ma
jor John Millis. chief of the local United
States engineer's office, to check the al
leged abuses, have been filed by E. O.
Nelson of this city with the commanding
officer of the engineering department at
Washington, D. C. In his letter Nelsorf"
says:
"I have just complained without satis
faction to Major Millis of this city about
the manner in which the work at Fort
Casey is conducted. Andrew Morrill ot
Coupeville has been placed in charge oC
the work. Morrill has political aspira
tions, so his friends,- neighbors and po
litical allies of Coupeville and Whidby
Island have full run of Fort Casey.
"I was employed as foreman ot paint
er?, but there were no painters. I was
given a number of Mr. Merrill's neigh
bors, hired as laborers, to work. They
did a3 they pleased. When I complained
they told me that they did not come
there to work— they came there to put lif(
time."
UNFAIRNESS ALLEGED
IN FEDERAL WORK
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— Secretary
Bonaparte of the navy after careful con
sideration has decided that the final in
terment of John Paul Jones at Annapolis
shall not take place until some time next
spring. He has been helped to this de
cision by the fact that the buildings
there will then be completed, and also
by the fact that the French nation has
expressed a desire to participate in the
ceremony by sending to this country a
squadron of its ships.
His announcement was made this af
ternoon. In this connection Assistant
Secretary Darling has found it necessary
to call the attention of several naval of
ficers to the use of certain words in their
reports in connection with this matter.
Several of them have spoken of the oc
casion as a "celebration" and this is
hardly in accord with the obsequies.
Since his admonition they will use "cere
mony't or "ceremonials," when speaking
of the exercises attendant on the bring
ing of the remains to this country and
their interment at Annapolis.
In order to make definite what a
captain might request in the way of
the giving of time, a note has been ap
pended to the rule, which states that
the linesman shall notify the captains
of the time remaining to play not more
than ten nor less than five minutes be
fore the end of each half, to the effect
that there is no objection to the lines
man giving the approximate time to
the captain who asks for it at any time
during the game. He may not. how
ever, be asked for this time more than
three times within the last five minutes
of the half.
Couching from the side lines will be
penalized, by a loss of ten yards instead
of five.
A rule has also been made that when
a substitute is sent "in he cannot run on
to the field and get into the lineup, but
must go directly to the referee and re
port himself before he can be permitted
to take his place. This is to do away
with the tendency at times when a
substitute was sent in of having both
the substitute and the man he was to
replace playing in the game at one and
the same time. 'r % -
"Instruction Is given to the referee
to blow his whistle immediately when
the forward progress of the ball has
been stopped. This has been done In
order to lessen the tendency to fight for
the bull after its progress has been
stopped, or to steal it from a player
who has practically had it "down."
Legislation has also been directed at
any players who are out of bounds at
the time when the ball Is put in play,
and a rule has been made that no
player shall be out of bounds at the
time when the ball is put in play, ex
cept the man who is holding the ball
for a place- kick.
Under rule 6, relating to a scrim
mage, a distinction has been made be
tween act of the snapper-back and act
of any other players of the side in pos
session of the ball. If the snapper
back make a motion as if to snap the
ball, whether he withholds it or not. the
ball is regarded as in play and the
scrimmage begins. If any other player
of the side in possession of the. bull
makes an attempt by a false start to
draw the opponent offside and the ball
is then snapped it shall be brought back
and not be regarded as in play or the
scrimmage commenced.
The changes in the football rules for
1905, of which there are quite a num
ber, for the most part bear upon more
strict interpretation rather than any
thing that will affect the detail of the
play itself.
Penalised by Losa of Ten
Yards.
Coaching: From the Side Lines Will Be
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STRICT FOOTBALL, RULES
FOR GOVERNING PLAYERS
Secretary Bonaparte Decides
to Postpone Burial of Paul
Jones' Remains.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— The cruiser
Galveston which arrived In Hampton
Roads, Virginia, last evening, is taking
on coal under hurry orders, preparatory
to making a trip to San Domingo. She
has been assigned to transport Professor
H. J. Hollander and his secretary to San
Domingo. Professor Hollander Is to con
tinue the prosecution of -his Inquiry into
Dominican finances and resources, which,
it is expected, will serve as a basis for
the report' to be laid before the Senate*
at Its next session for its guidance ia ac
tion upon the pending treaty providing for
the administration of Dominican finances
by the United States agents.
INTERMENT TO TAKE
PLACE NEXT SPRING
War Vessel Will Carry Pro
lessor H. J. Hollander to
San Domingo.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 11. — John
Brown, a single man, aged about 3a, and
an old man, whose name is not known,
were crushed to death shortly after 2
o'clock this afternoon while working
on a barge on the Yolo side of the
river opposite the foot of R street. The
barge was propped up on Jackscrews
and the men were working beneath it.
The jackscrews slipped and the heavy
barge fell upon the men, crushing their
heads to a pulp.
Champion Egan was out in thirty-nine
against Harold Weber and was four' up
at the turn. Five up at the tenth, the
eleventh was half and Egan taking the
next two won seven up. five to play.
Weber_carly in the day made himself
a factor by defeating E. M. Byers of
Pittsburg;. twice runner-up in national
tourneys, 3 up, 2 to play, while Sawyer's
victory over A. L. White removed the
only Bostonian left by the score of 3 up,
1 to play. Summary:
Third round — XV, C. Fownes. Pittsbuig, de
feated W. J. Travis, Garden City? 1 up, 19
holes.
D. E. Sawyer.. Whcaton. defeated A. L.
White, a up. 1 to play.
H. C Kgan, Exmoor. defeated Fred Herre
shofi, 2 up; I to play.
Harold Weber defeated E. M. Byers, 3 up,
2 to play.
Semi-finals— D. E. Sawyer defeated \V. C.
Fownes, 2 up.
H. C. Egan defeated Harold Weber, 7 up,
5 to play.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11. — After a day of
the most sensational golf ever seen in
a national tournament. Champion H. C.
Egan and D. K. Sawyer ,survive to play
the finals over thirty-six holes at the
Wheaton links to-morrow. The Kast,
for the first time since the national goU
championship was Instituted ten years
ago, was without representation in the
semi-tinals this afternoon.
Champion Egan gained the right to
defend his medal by going through the
third and semi-final rounds like a mar
vel, putting out Fred Herreshoft in the
morning, 2 up and 1 to play, which was
not quite as easy a game as he had
with this young New Yorker in the na
tional finals last year at Baltusrol.
After defeating llerreshoff, Egan, in
the afternoon, removed Harold Weber
of Toledo by the crushing score of 7 up
and 5 to play.
It was left for U»e other side of the
draw to furnish the greatest blow to
the East when W. C Fownes Jr. of
Pittsburg eliminated former national
and British champion Walter J. Travis
in a hard ba-ttle that was lost only at
the nineteenth hole. In the afternoon
Mr. Fownes was unable to meet suc
cessfully the great golf put up by Ned
Sawyer and was defeated by 2' up.
CRUISER GALYESTON •
UNDER HURRY ORDERS
TWO MEN CRUSHED
UNDER HEAVY BARGE
SENSATIONAL" GOLF
PLAYED AT CHICAGO
Mr. and Mrs. E. G. LukeiiH are on their way
horn- a/ter a year's travel In Europe.
General and Mrs. Oscar F. Long are still at
Carmel. where they wer» recently visited by
Bishnp and Mrs. Whltaker.
Miss De Neal Morgan, who has been sum
mering at Carmel. has returned to Oakland.
Frank Carroll Giffen. . the well-known Santa
Rosa singer, is visitinff friends In Oakland.
Mrs. M. la. Uroadwell is camping at the
Humboldt place, near Lake Chabot. Yesterday
she and Mrs. Henry Plummer enjoyed a
pleasant trip to Camp Bonita. where Mrs. Al
fred Seal and her daughter. Miss If>abelle
SeM. the young violinist, are Rp«ndlng the'
summer. Next week Mrs. Carra Van Vleet ot
Fan Francisco and Mrs. Leptretto will be Mrs.
Broadwell's guest? for a few days.
Mrs. Mary P." Benton, one of Ebell's most
loved charter members. Is also a member of
Oakland Chapter of the Daughters of the
Revolution, and yesterday being her ninetieth
birthday, it was made the occasion of great
rejoicing by the order.
. For thirty years Mrs. Benton made her home
at 533 Sixteenth street, where James Finney
now resides, and that gwrnleman graciously
made it th? scene of the birthday reception.
Flags and flowers beautified the house and
many i-allers paid their respects to the ven
erable guest of honor. Many Ebell women
were among the visitors, for it was in the
Sixteenth-street house, then Mrs. Benton's
home, thst the club was formed over a quar
ter of a century ago.
Mrs. Charles Woodbury has charge of the
programme for California day at Ebell, which
will be celebrated September 19. The musical
numbers will be by California composers and
one or two talks on the making of a great
State by prominent men will form part of the
entertainment offered.
In a few weeks activity in club life will be
resumed. Ebell begins another season the first
Tuesday in September, and the following day
the Oakland Club will resume active work.
Both clubs have planned interesting pro
grammes for the coming year. A new presid
ing officer will greet the members of the Oak
land Club when they again convene, Mrs.
Trances 11. Gray having been compelled to re
sign on account of ill health. Mrs. Cora E.
Jones, one of the club's most enthusiastic
workers, has been elected to fill the vacancy.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— "Every time the women
are given a chance to clean a dirty city, carry
on a crusade against public disgraces and im
moralities, they are successful, and there is at
once a new order of things," says the Ameri
can Magazine, and in no city has that fact
been better demonstrated than in Oakland. It
Is the women of this city that started the
movement for clean streets and directly and
indirc-ctjy they are responsible for many Im
provements that have set the last five years
apart lrom the preceding sluggish half cer.
tury. The Oakland Club has done more, per
haps, than any other organization to start the
ball of improvement rolling, etanding, as It has
from the very beginning, for the city's good
ar.d the welfare of its people. Inspired by its
success along civic as well as philanthropic
lines, the Woman's Civic Improvement Club
fcprang into being and in the short two year*
of its existence has done much toward arousing
municipal patriotism. Jokes anent the wom
en's clubs have lost their point. There '.a
wurk for the club woman to do, and, regard
less of masculine sneers, she has done and is
doing it well.
BY ZOE GREE.V RADCUFKE.
CLUB WOMAN'S .
HAND IN CITY
IMPROVEMENT
If we etufly plowing In the class room, we
nußt also study It in • the field, even if we
destroy a crop. TV'e must determine and test
the relation of plowing to moisture, aeration,
mlcrobic life, and many other questions. It
la more Important that * man learn now and
\u25a0wr.y to plow than Hi»H i» for the college farra
tfi crow a crop cf wheat. Even if X tor* up
Now we have come to the final and proper
stage — the farm must then be a laboratory.
Thu* primarily It must be a laboratory enter
prise, and the pattern and model idea are
only incidental and secondary. If your people
do not believe In this idea, then you must
educate your people. A college farm is not
primarily for the purpose of growing model
or perfect crops. I should rather have the
opportunity to teach one student by means of
a farm, than to show one hundred persons a
field of perfect pumpkins.
Then there came the passage of the Hatch
act in I&R7. which cstablithed the experiment
»t*tion«; and this afforded a means of utiliz
ing the college farm. Thrre are « good many
of our Institutions which are now carrying
farm lands as experiment stations. Of course
we should have farm* for research. There are
two kfnds of research work on farms. One
kind of research is in farm practict-; the other
1? research in the fundamental physical
chemical, and physiological problems, which
irv.st be don« en some farm directly under
control.
NEEDS OF THE COLLEGE.
In the next p!acr>. there was an Idea that
these farms oujrht to represent the cn mmr ,n
wraJth—that a farm should be "iwicaV' ct
the State. It is a mighty poor State that
can be typified In one farm. If the State
v&r.ts a typteaJ farm let it --liave It. but do
net hurdon the university with it Put It in
chiuTT* of a Chamber \u0084t Commerce, or other
•dwtlsin* organization. Anybody can < arm
'Then there was a ln nX j*riod of years when
the cojlepe larm was used very little or even
net at all. %'ot knowing just what to An with
them, many of them have been allowed to
m+ih^lZ' < ;" I!e ' ?e . farn ' !! . «*• ran
*Ith the idea, of making- a profit; but you
<-ar.not run a farm with profit with etudent
)«bor If the Stat* la to make money out
of a farm. th<-n it must not l.c u«ed for teach
ing ptirpoM-s. but mu«t hr conceived of as
an out and out busin<^<= enterprise.
In the second rlaoe. the farms came to be
u*ed merely to illustrate farm practices In
the old days we had mufeunu in our college*
and persons could so and exclaim as they
«»' the wonder*. We Ftiil need mufieumn but
we also have collections with v.hich to work
It is not rncuirh that i»:uil»>nt« merely see
things growing or fee different brwds of ant
maJe. They must come nearer than merely
to look; they muf>t UFe and handle
All this brines up the whole question of
the university faitn. The college or university
larrc dev*r!f>i»ed with the land grant act. In
Jte Metcry it has gone through several phases.
It wat first conceived «,f largely as a model
larm. and, of'i-ourse, the moae! farms became
the laughin* stock of the farmers of the
fctate; and they wilt always be. If they are
model farms they hay« little pedagogical u*e.
One fanjj cannot be. a pattern farm for ali
conditions. There are thousands of model
fu-n;» ; Model :»rmf are good farmers' farms
Tbs State cannot afford to ko into the model
larm business in connection with university
work. 7
large and quickened idea of the laboratory
method. W« are Introducing laboratory
methods into every echool in the country; the
kindergarten, manual training, the school gar
den az:i science work — all mean the labora
tory method. And now we also introduce the
affairs of evory-day lite into the erhijola. All
laboratories aro jjetiagcgically valuable in pro
portion a» tl.ey are in vital connection with
theoretical Instruction. No school, whether in
California or elsewhere, from the primary
school to the university, is a good school un
lebs it has laboratory worn. An effort is
now being made to mtroaure into every hijrh
echool in New York a year's work in biology
for the first year.
Two ,:•..; enterprises have now come into
tfc* college — the .experiment station and uni
versity extension. They are net university
wo:k in the eld academic sense. The esten
eioa ente; prises form the ix'st illustrations of
the leadership the university has now ac
quired in x)uolic affaire. The university is
required to do university extension wois and
it gc^j beyond the old academic ideals.
Agricultural education also rests upon a
The agricUiLurjii college is louiided 1 on the
con«j*j)tiua thai education nvaai relate ilstlt
to tile. lir.pcrtar:t coroilarUs follow. In the
fiist place, agricultural education bhould nut
necessarily be bound by academic methods.
The teaewn* work in a couege really divides
Uself into i«o part*. *.aj the true cuiiejje work,
l*aaiiig io a Daeiielorc degree; ilj) post
graduate work, lvading to tvri> degrees, the
nrst of these i — ::.,; the master s degree, whicH
should be given tor experimental a.nd lnvtuti
jaUonal work, the work involved in the coilec
u_:i iLiid accumulation of iacte, etc., and the
doctur s degree, whicn ehauia be given tor a
philosophical confederation ot tne tacts and
the cciiecticn ot data.
The agricultural t-ollfge idea Is by no mean*
new; it is ax least livo years old. In this
country the agricultural college, a* an estab
lifch«-d fact, originated abvut fifty years ago.
Y^ar *:;• r next will be celebrated tha fiftieth
anniversary ot the agricultural college near
Lansing. Mich. The first agricultural colleges
w«-re e£tß.b!if*ht*l as a protest against the older
kind of education that did not put men into
touch with real affairs. The land grant act
of l««2i marks one of the greatest epochs in
the history of education; it is the M&gna
Charta of education. Its purpose was to give
instruction in these subjects and. affaire which
have to do with r«-al life. And what are
they? Tkef are largely agriculture ar.d the
mecaanicaj arts. As the«e agricultural col
leges were largely a pretest against the older
education, it was perfectly natural that at
first they shouid be separate Institutions.
About one-half of the agricultural colleges
of the Union are separate from the universities
proper. They are doing good work, and I am
eaying nothing whatever derogatory' to them.
There are some res sons still given for having
F*-parate agricultural colleges. It is said that
other courses will attract thr young men from
the farm. Now, if the agricultural college
can't hold the young men it ought to lose
them: the time is past when we shall put
blinders on the young men. Again, it is paid
that the farm boy will be looked down on. but
rtudents will not lock \u25a0inwn ui«on him If his
\u25a0work is of equally high grade as that pursued
In other courses. Sometimes the agricultural
college i» wanted in a **parate locality to fcat
isfy lo*-al pride. A locality wants to have an
agri cultural, college and offers inducements to
g^t It. Tills does not consider the merits of
the <~sse. In som» cases a broom factory might
b*- just as satisfying to the community. The
university idea is <-oming to be a unifying idea
in th* community, and all university work
i>hou!d be kept together. The time is past
when th* agricultural college phrmld be torn
out of the university and be fet off by itself.
LAnORATOUV .METHODS.
The utterances of Professor Bailey on
the subject, as issued by the Agricul
tural College here, are as follows:
The State commission appointed to
purchase land for a university farm
• xpeets to have the benefit of Professor
Bailey's ideas on the subject before he
ieaves for the East. The commission is
to meet at Governor Purdee"s office in
Sacramento next Monday morning: at
11 o'clock to decide upon a farm site,
for which $150,000 has been appropri
ated.
BERKELEY. Aug. 11. — The Agricul
tural College authorities have printed
as an official bulletin the ideas of Pro
le.-sor Liberty Hyde Bailey, director of
the agricultural experiment work at
Cornell University, regarding a unlver
eity farm. Professor Bailey delivered
t> course of lectures at the summer
school here and is soon to return to
Cornell.
Site Commission Is
Expected to Act
on Monday. .
The assembly will be called to order by
Jacques Thomas, clerk of the board, who
will introduce the chairman of the day,
Professor C. O. Sharpe.
The School Trustees have arranged for
appropriate dedicatory exercises and
will have among their prominent speakers
Judge Thomas J. Lennon, District Attor
ney Thomas P. Boyd, Superintendent of
Schools James B. Davidson, Town Trus
tee W. J. Martin, Rev. Father Valentini
and Captain J. C. Cahtwell of the United
States cutter McCulloch. Rev. Mr. Max
well will open the exercises with a prayer
and Rev. Mr. Patterson will close them
with a benediction. The school children,
headed by the Sausalito bras 3 band, will
leave the old school at 1 o'clock p. m. and
will march to the new school in South
Sausalito, where they will take part in
the exercised, singing and raising the
handsome new silk flag.
SAUSALITO, Aug. 11.— The dedication
of the two new schoolhouses recently
constructed and completed here at a cost
of $30,000, which will take place at the
new South Sausalito school to-morrow
afternoon, promises to be one of the most
interesting events that has occurred in
this place. The Board of School Trus
tees has been working incessantly ever
since the. election for the bond issue,
making contracts and seeing that every
detail in the plans and specifications
was faithfully carried . out- The new
school buildings will relieve the present
crowded condition of the old school build
ings, saving many of the children -*i very
long walk, and will be adequate for the
educational needs of the town for many
years to come.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 11 —
The office of the Registrar of Stanford
University has given out the schedule cf
the date>3 upon which the regular matri
culation, examinations will be held. The
tests which will take place on August 24.
25, 26 and 28, are primarily for the benefit
of the incoming freshmen class. .
, Upon August 24, the first day, tests In
the^ollowlng subjects will be given: Ele
mentary Algebra, Advanced Algebra,
American History, Plane Geometry, Bot
any, Solid Geometry, Trigonometry and
History.
The second day, August 25, the list will
include: Physiology, Elementary French,
English Composition. Chemistry, Inter
mediate French and English History.
The third day the schedule includes:
Physics, Elementary French," Elementaty
German, Intermediate Spanish, Physiog
raphy, Intermediate German. Zoology,
Advanced German and Elementary Latin.
The last day, August 2S, the remaining
subjects will be reviewed: Biology, Me
chanical Drawing, Advanced Latin, Ele
mentary Greek, Woodworking, Forge
working, Advanced Greek, Free Hand
Drawing, Foundry Practice and Ancient
History.
Students from many preparatory
schools which have been accredited to th<*
university are excused from some of
these examinations. The institution
makes one exception in this rule for all,
which is, that all regular students must
pass in English Compocitlon. This con
sists in being able to write concisely up
on any given topic and to show composi
tion free from errors in spelling, punctu
ation and word order.
Vanderbilt. who was born in "Wayna
County, New York, in ISS2, came to Cali
fornia In 1552 and settled In Tomaies in
1537. where he took an active part in civil
and commercial affairs. In early days
when there was a dispute over settlers'
rights on the Spanish grant Vanderbilt.
who was an attorney, was sent to the
United States Land Office in Washington
to present the settlers" claims. He suc
ceeded in securing United Statea patents
to the holdings. He had been a promi
nent and active Republican. He served
twenty-six years a3 County Assessor and
the last year and a half as City As
sessor. He also handled large estates,
and had the confidence and esteem of the
community. He was financial secretary
of the San Rafael lodge of Workmen and
for forty years was an Odd Fellow, be
ing a member of Tomaies Lodjre.
Ever since the death of his wife a few
years ago his health has been failing.
Vanderbilt leaves five children— Frank
Vanderbilt. with the Xorth Shore Rail
road; Charles B. Vanderbilt. assistant
manager for Kingan & Co. of San Fran
ci&co; Newell Vanderbilt. captain ot
Company D of the militia; Mrs. Minnio
Fallon. wife of the County Treasurer,
and Mrs. Nellie Schlosser.
The remains will be buried on Monday
In Tomaies under the auspices of the
Tomaies Odd Fellows. The flag over the
City Hall ia at half-mast out of respect
to the dead official.
SAX RAFAEL, Aug. 11.— At noon to-- 1
day City Assessor William Vanderbilt.
an old and highly respected resident of
San Rafael, who has been prominently
identified with county affairs, suffered An
apoplectic stroke, which carried him off
three hours later.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERKELEY, Aug. 11.— Investigation of
the report that attempts had been made
to destroy with dynamite the big "C," on
Grizzly Peak, back of the university,
revealed to-day the fact that an explosive
of high' power unquestionably had been
taken to the site of the big "C," and that
practically successful demolition of the
famous symbol on the hMI had been ac
complished.
B. Klein, heading a party of freshmen,
visited the place to-day and found a
stick of dynamite there, which they
turned over to the university authori
ties. The freshmtn also found a hand
kerchief, near the stick of dynamite,
bearing the initials "F. G." The hand
kerchief is expected to serve as a clew
in the Investigation that will be made of
the affair.
While no direct accusation will be made
by any person concerned, the idea is ex
pressed that Stanford men who attended
tht; summer school,' and who became em
broiled with the publishers of the Uni
versity Record during the summer, are
responsible for the use of dynamite on
the big "C." \
The Stanford students in question were
charged by Walter de Leon, in a Record
editorial, with using their opportunities
as guests of the University of California,
to Induce "prep." school men to go to
Stanford rather than to Berkeley. The
Stanford men came back with a rejoinder
that glowed with heat, and for weeks the
controversy waged, ending with both
sides apparently full of bitterness.
. The finding of dynamite on the hill, and
the partial destruction of the big "C" have
revived this animosity.
Freshmen now at the university will ar
range for the restoration of the cement,
which has been blown out of the concrete
letter. The big "C" was built last spring,
to take the- place of the annual Charter
Day rush, on Grizzly Peak. The fresh
men class numerals were placed below
the letter and it was planned to make a
pilgrimage" each year to the big "C."
annually inscribing beneath it the numer
als of the freshmen class. The letter is
made of cement and is 60 by 30 feet in
dimensions.
The mutilation of the coupon made it
impossible for any one to cash the prize
that the number on the ticket had won.
At the preliminary hearing before thy
board, the Chief and the company's
agents were reinforced by State Senator
Eddie I. Wolfe of San Francisco and
State Senator G. R. Lukens of this city,
who appeared as attorneys to help in an
explanation of the circumstances. Ever
since that appearance the Commissioners
have held the matter in abeyance. The
understanding has been that Com
missioner Turner was unable to see
anything heinous in Hodgkins' ac
tion, and that Mayor Mott was
not ready to submit the case for a
final decision. The Mayor has said re
peatedly that he did not like the aspect
of the affair, and that he had not dropped
it by any means.
Hodgkins confessed his part in the de
struction of the coupon; the numbers on
which were torn off in his presence by
agents of the company while it was still
In the hands of the police as evidence
against Perry. The excuse made by
Hodgkins was that he was thoughtless in
permitting the lottery people to get hold
of the ticket. He denied that any finan
cial gain had resulted to himself from the
transaction.
In hig explanations to-day. Chief Hodg
kins Insists that the only; time he ever
conversed with Mrs. Harrison was for a
few minutes In the city prison,. when, the
Chief says, the woman /declared she ha<J
been told that he was responsible for hvr
Imprisonment.
On the other hand, Mrs. Harrison em
phatically declared Hodgkins visited her
house as she has related, and that there
are at least two witnesses to prove the
truth of her statements. So far as the
commission is concerned the official at
titude toward this latest scandalous out
break in the police department is set
forth by Mayor Mott, who as president
of the board said to-day:
"So far as Mrs. -Harrison's charges are
concerned they will receive the attention
of the board. Until a hearing can be had
I shall not express any opinion. Chief of
Police Hodgkins will be given ample op
portunity of defense."
Commissioner McElroy has expressed
himself as in favor of an investigation.
The third member, Commissioner Turner,
also believed there should be an inquiry.
The board will probably wait until the
regular meeting next Wednesday morn
ing before taking official action on the
charges.
The matter of Chief Hodgkins* action
several weeks ago in allowing agents of a
San Francisco lottery company to muti
late a $7500 prize winning lottery ticket
that was seized from John Perry, a Wect
Oakland saloon-keeper, before the drawing
has not been disposed of by the Police
Commissioners.
All of the Police Commissioners agrse
that there should be an investigation.
The publicity which has been given to
Mrs. Harrison's statements, coming so
soon after -the recently discussed prize
lottery ticket mutilations, which Hodg
kins permitted, has created an uneasy at
mosphere at police headquarters. The
Chief of Police has declared that he will
be prepared in a day or two to disprove
the accusation of extortion. He has not
said what he will present in making his
defense before his superiors. He declares
his purpose to ask the Commissioners for
an early hearing.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— The Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners will take
up the investigation of the charges made
by Mrs. D. 11. Harrison, a midwife at
1772 Goss street, that she paid $1000 to
Chief of Police Hodgkins to "square" a
case in which she had been arrested un
der suspicion of having caused the death
of Mrs. Jennie Biroth. Hodgkins to-day
reiterated his denials that , he had ever
received money from Mrs. Harrison, or
had ever been at her residence for any
purpose.
Are Issued as Bul
letin by State
University.
Clew to Perpetrators of
the Act of Vandalism Is
Found by the Students
Young Children of the Town
Will March and Also Take
Part in the Exercises
Schedule Announced for the
Students Seeking Admis
sion to the University
Has Long Been Identified
With ' the Interests of
the County Across the Bay
Alleged Bribing of Depart
ment Head Causes Stir of
Uneasiness at City Hall
FITTING CEREMONIES
PIONEER OF SECTION
IS BUSY ON HIS CASE
COLLEGE MEN AROUSED
BEQUIBED OF FEESHMEN
Professor Bailey's
Views Will Be
Considered.
Tests to Be Given at Stan
ford During the Latter
Part of Present Month
Hodgkins Says He Will Make
Defense Against Mrs. Har
rison's Extortion Charge
Freshmen Make Discovery on
Grizzly Peak Back of
the University Buildings
New School Buildings in the
Progressive Suburban City
to Be Dedicated To-Day
Assessor William Vanderbilt
Succumbs to a Stroke of
Apoplexy in San Eafael
BOARD TO HEAR
POLICE CHIEF
EXAMINATION
DATES FIXED
FIND DYNAMITE
UNDER BIG "C"
ALL SAUSALITO
TO CELEBRATE
DEATH CLAIMS
MARIN OFFICIAL
the drainage on a farm in order to teach it,
I want to be able to do it. The botanist
pulls up the plant to study it. In learning
how to grow potatoes one should pull them
up and etudy the root system. Not long ago
I was asked how deep potatoes should be
planted In a certain soil. I asked. "How
many of you know whether the tubers form
above or below the feeding roou?" Four or
five guessed, but no one knew. But on that
fact depends much of the success in planting
potatoes. If your ntudents want to see a
model orchard, they have a thousand of them
in California. We want such an establish
ment as will allow us to drive our cattle
right into the class room. We are this day
buildir.s a class room at Cornell which will
hold stock, and which has seats for the stu
dents on the sides. They will study real live
cattle, not pictures and models. The young
men study those cows and find out why they
are pood and bad cows. They examine their
conformation, etc. . These cows are just as
much laboratory material as the plants of the
botanist cr the chemicals of the chemist. Next
week. If we should be studying the question
of bc-ef tattle, they are brought into the build
ing and students study them just the same
way your students study the" stratification of
rocks. Ten acres of land to use when I want
It, and as I want It, Is worth more peda
gugically than a thousand acres to look at.
The value of a university farm from a unl
vei-Fity man's point of view consists in lte
usefulness as a means of teaching. If you
do not want to call It a farm, call it land.
The better it is as a farm, the better It
ought to be as a laboratory: but the labora
tory utilization of it should always come
first. If you are not using farms as a means
of training men you are not using them for
university purposes. A director of an agri
cultural college said some years ago when a
vjritor complained that he didn't consider the
college farm to b» a mode! farm, "I would
rather have a good man with a flower pot In
a window than have a poor man with a thous
and acres of land.." A university farm justi
fied from the university or pedagogical point
of view niUFt be made a true laboratory to
co.late and articulate with th© theoretical in
struction, otherwise the future will not Justify
your possession of it.
EXPERT PRESENTS HIS IDEAS
ON AGRICULTURE COLLEGE.
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY AUGUST 12, 1005.
KABBI FRIEDLANDKR RETURNS.— Oak
land. Aug. 11. — Rabbi M. Friediander of the
First Hebrew Congregation haa returned from
an Eastern trip. - . s
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OakIand, Aug. 11.
The -following marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Charles E. Blake.
35, and Catherine . E. \u25a0 Tevls, 50, both of San
Jose; James F. Frisbee. 73. Pomona, and Ida
J. Haight, 40. Berkeley: Charles L. Blodsett,
25, and Bertha MacLilllan, 31. both of Oak
land. •
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 11.— Freight train
No. 4 on the Santa Fe, which left here
early this morning, '. was , wrecked near
San Juan about 1Q o'clock. It is report
ed that nobody. wasMnjured, but , the
track was blocked^ and this evening's
passenger train from Los' Angeles was
aevcral -hours. late. \u25a0 ' .
Wreck; on the Santa Fe.
6
s — i Positively cured by
A k DTTD 0 these Li«le Pill*.
vM l\ I L IXO also reUere Lls-
Sg«3 ,__. _, treSd from Dyspepsia. In-
"&&* \T T L E digestion and Too Hearty
K§ E\f§T D Eating. A perfect rem-
§r| Ly,7 i i^ etly for Dtetoeas, Nausea.
Rj PILLOa Drowsiness. Bad Taste
JPI "j^jj tiJO ontll « Coated
i^SiEuSfii Tonsrie. Pata In the Side.
• \u25a0 ITOKPID LIVER. THey
regulate Uiq Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
iGARTERSl CLRE SICK HEA^^ ll2 -
Genuine Must Bear
1 pill? Fao-Simile SignaturtWEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Coluta — Almonds estimated about half crop.
Cloverdale — Light crop of peaches.
Hanford— Grapes nearly ready to . pick;
peaches nearly gone.
Hollister — Prunes fair crop; extra quality.
Napa — High morning fog still continues.
Peaches yielding well. . J^
Palermo — Sellers uUng~peaches being picked
and shipped to canneries, a •
Newcastle — Grapes badly burned owing to
excessive heat of July.
Riverside — Mornings , mostly foggy; peach
crop light.
Livermore — Grape prospects good.
King City — All grain b*lner stored; no Bhip
ping. A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
C. D. Dunann. general passenger agent
of the Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
has announcer] the appointment of \V. R.
Meech of Los Angeles to the newly
created position of . district passenger
agent of the company in this city. Meech
Is well* known in Southern California,
where he has been in^ the employ, of the
steamship company for s6me time. ; His
appointment Is the result of the recent
resignation of City Passenger Agent Hal
lock in this city and the 'reorganization of
the local ticket office
Meeclt Gets New Position.
RIVER MATES .TO BE LICENSED.— United
States Local Inspectors ; Bollos j and Bulger in
tend hereafter, on instructions rfrom' Washing
ton, to license mates on river steamers. -Ap
plicants will be : examined as ; to their ability
to lotQ and store freight
I 'TO ARRIVE.
1 Steamer. \ From. 1 Due.
I __ _ [
1 New burg j Grays Harbor ...JAug. 12
J Mrooklyn. I San Pedro I Aug. 12
S Barbara.- . \u25a0'. San Pedro .|Auic. 1^
Argo : • -.- I Eel River Ports ] Aug. 12
I sit. Paul I Portland & Astoria Aug. 12
I ban Pedio San Pedro... Aug. 12
'Vanguard (Fan Pedro Aug. 12
' Nor\foOd Grays Harbor Aur !•'•
\u25a0 Pomona j Humboldt Aug. 13
1 lire akwater . . . Coos 15ay ! Aug. 13
I Sea Foam Mendocino & Pt. Arena' Aug. 13
1 Vrctic {Humboldt {Aug. 13!
! imm barton.-. . fOysiw Haroor |Aug. 13
J. H'gglni?. • • j San Pedru |Aug. 14
1 v>tna«iii cus — Oyster Harbor |Aug. 14
I I«lb<ki'uiW 1 Taeoma |Aug. 14
I state of Cal.. \u25a0 San Diego & Way Pts.lAug. 14
1 Chas. Nelson.. Seattle & Taeoma ....'Aug. 14
I Queen Puget Sound I'orts . . . . Aug. 14
' Northland.,... Portland & Astoria Aug. 14
I Centralia San Pedro Aug. 14
Eureka. ...... Huml-oldt jAug. . 14
I Mongolia China & Japan |Aug. 14
I Coos Bay San Prtlro & Way Pts. Aug. 1.%
i Mameda I Honolulu Aug. 15
i North Fork... ! Humboldt Aug. 15
Aztec..' Ancon Aug. lo
'Wellington... Oyster Harbor Aug. 1U
I D t .\ Norte Crescent City Aug. 10
Corona Humboldt Aug. 16
! ncanoke Portland & Way Ports.|Aug. p.;
M F PI*" 1 - •• Coos Ba > r & pt - Orford|Aug. 17
j.gn-o Point- Arena & Albion. [ Aug. 17
«anta Rosa... San Diego & Way PorU Aug. 17
Columbia Portland & Astoria ..[Aug. 17
City Svdney-. I New York via Ancon. .|Aug. 18
l^^lta* I Newport & Way Ports.l Aug. 10
F Kilburn Portland & Way Pts.JAug. 19
city Puebla.. • Puget Sound Ports ]Aug. 19
City Topeka.. Humboldt- (Aug. U
G Undauer.- Grays Harbor .... JAug. 20
Ventura Sydney and Way Ports Aug. 21
jeanle Seattle and Taeoma.. Aug. i'l
iirna Yokohama and M0i1... Auk. -si
Lattimer lived In a lodging-house at
783% Market street. and an.- in
spec-tor of the gas and electric
light company discovered that an "elec
tric wire .had' been tapped and the
rooms wei-e being lighted free of
charge. Lattimer, who is an electrician,
was arrested on May 26. and was held
to answer before the Superior* Court.
In explanation; of the dismissal of the
case tho District' Attoi-ney said that the
real culprit was the proprietor of the
lodging-house, who was blind, and
there was no desire to proceed against
him owing to his blindness. Besides,
ut the last session of the Legislature an
jict ivas passed making the tapping of
wires a* misdemeanor.
The case of AY. D. Jjattimer, charged
with unlawfully Interfering with the
electric wires o£ the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Light Company, was, on
motion of Assistant District Attorney
Aslie, dismissed by Judge Cook yester
day x>n the ground that the evidence
was insufficient to convict A demurrer
to the information had been interposed,
and argument was sot lor yesterday,
but the rrotlon to dismiss obviated tho
necessity of . any argument. The Judfe
remarked later: that he would have sus
tained the demurrer.
the Groiinrt of Insufliclcncy
» • of Evidence.
Case of W. P. I<iittlraer I.h Dismissed on
.Movement of [Steamers.
MAX ACCUSED OF TAPI'IXG
ELKCTRIo Wlitß DISCHAUfiED
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Wafers
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisc >
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the. same at both places.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 12.
Sun risee 5:21
Sun sets 7:07
Moon sets \u25a0 2:48 A. M.
C jTime! I Time! |Time Time!
«. Ft. i Ft I Ft 1 Ft.
? !L W| |h Wj |L. W| ' H W|
12" 3:23!—0.4|10:32) 4.6) 3:C9j 2.8; 9:20j To
13 4 :OS— 0.5:11:1s" 4.7 3:58 2.!<,10:10 5.:»
14 4:501— 0.4'11:C6i 4.9 4:45 2.7|10:55 6.7
15 5 :2 C —0.2.12:35! 4.»| 5:30 ( 2.«(ll:40l 6.4
IS <>:02| 0.11 l:10| 4.9 «:14! 2.4 i [
H W L Wj H W iL Wl
17 0:22 5.1 6:35 0.4 1:40 4.01 6:5S| 2.:!
18 l:05| 4.7 7:10 0.9 .2:10 4.9 7:43 2.M
19 I 1:5«1 4.4 7:46 1.3 2:39 4.9| 8:35 2.2
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the - soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
eign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
SAILED.
Friday, Aug 11.
Stmr Kur«-ka. Jesfcn. Hureka.
Sln.r Maggie. Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Htmr la<iua, Johnson, Grays Harbor, barge
Laknic in tew lor Eureka.
Chfhalis. JohonEsen. Orays Harbor.
?tnr Grvtnirvod. Walvig. Wcstport.
Stmr National City. liaimi;ar. Fort Bragg.
Stmr t^anioa. Mads^n. Caspar.
Ptmr Santa Monica. Olsea. Grays Harbor".
Stn:r Glp»y, Loland. Monterey.
Ger khip Oreaon. Sehwarting. Portland, Or.
Schr Jennie Gri!fin, Gibson. Bcllnas.
Scbr J'.'-ss-le X, Stark. San Vicente Landin?:
S<-hr Wir.g and Wing, Gruggel, Fish Rotk,
in tuw tug Sta Rover.
Tug Sea Ro\<r. Thompson, Fish Rock, with
M-hr Wing and Wing in tow.
IJarge Lakme, Ka:rEc!iUfc, Eureka, In tow
fimv laqua.
t-POKEN.
Kux '•> lat 5o north, long 6 west, Hr ship
Pass of Kil'.icrar.kie. froiu Antwerp for San
Ft^dro. Oal. « .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug. 11. 10 p. m.— Weather
fogey* wind southwest. 10 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
i:i;ilEKA— Sailed Aug 10, t> p m— Stmr Se
cuoia. lor San Francisco. ... .
Arrived Aug 11— Stmr North Fork, hence
ATACOMA—A TAC0MA— Sailed Aug 10— Schr Ethel Zane.
Ar^Tved Auy 11-Bktn J. L. Evlston, iroai
Aiur 11-Stmr S*at*
CLEARED.
Friday, Aug 11.
Stmr Sar.ta Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
Pacific Coaht Steamship Company.
gtmr Eureka. Golightly. Seattle; Pacific
Coast EteaXDshlp company.
Br stmr P-aroJa. Whetton, Valparaiso via
Taccma, W R Grace & Co.
Bktn Northwest. Rlstum, 10 days from Port
Eltkeley.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 10 hours from
EJus'.aw Rix-er.
Schr Maid of Orleans. Maloney. 3 days from
Eureka.
Schr Irene Mitchell. 6*4 days from Everett.
Schr Spokane, Jamleson. 16 days from Port
Gamble. "
Schr Ida Schnauer. Moller. 17 days from
Port Gamble.
Schr J M W'eatherwax, Zeuthen, 12 days
from Port Blakeley. •
Friday, Aug 11.
Stmr Fulton. Panzer, 28 hours from Eureka..
StTrjr Guaiala, Kalnln, 32 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Asuncion, Badger, 22 hours from Port
Karford.
Stmr Meteor, McF"ar!ane, 03 hours from Seat
tle.
Stmr Santa. Mor.lca. Olsen, 41 hours from Re-
Aondo.
Sttnr Samoa, Madsen. C 3 hours from San
PeCro.
Stair Mag-gie. Coming, from Halfmoon Bay.
Fr bark Armen, Revel, CS days from Xew
caeile, Austra.Ua..
Bktn Arago, Semsen, 6 day* from Grays
Harbor.
Bktn Amelia, Hubs, 17 days from Grays Har
bor.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
lumber for South America.
The British steamer Barofla was cleared yes
t^rcay for Valparaiso and way ports via Ta
ccma, with 59.000 railroad ties and 10^,000 feet
cf lumber, valued at f24.200 and consigned to
various South American pans. The steamer is
to be loaded at Noyo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping' Merchants."
The British steamer Tottenham is chartered
for lumber from Portland to two China ports
et 355. if to one port 33s D 3. Chartered prior
to arrival.
The British bark Lord Templetown (at Hono
lulu) proceeds to Hastings Mills to load lum
ber for Sydney at 31s 3d. .
Tho Chilean ship Curzon loads lumber on
Puget Sound for the West Coast of South
America (owner's account).
NEWS OF THE OCEAA.
The British tramp steamer Baroda cleared
ysterday for Valparaiso by way of Puget
f -»und. The Condor, also bound for Valparaiso,
I' 'l Everett at noon on Thursday for this port,
where she will load come more cargo before
resuming her trip to the Chilean port.
Both Bound for Valparaiso.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. I Destination. | Sills.
Cottage City. . I Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 12
Oregon Nome & St. Michael. . JAug. VJ
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. | Aug. 14
Portland Cooks Inlet & Way PtsjAug. 15
Santa Ana.... Seward & Way Ports.. JAug. 16
City Seattle. .. Skagway & AVay Ports. (Aug. 16
Olympia Nome & St. Michael. .Aug. 16
Victoria Nome & St Michael. .|Aug. 17
Santa Clara... Valdez & Seward iAug. 22
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 25
Edith Nome Aug. 25
Memoranda.
LONDON, Aug. 10. — Noumea cablet ship
Roanoke. in port for Delaware Breakwater,
burned to water's edge and sank at her moor
ings. Vessel was partly loaded.
San, Moon and Tide.
Time Hi-.11.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.J Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
Kriday, August il, 190.i:
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. .N., in charge.
The following table gives a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet per
second, or second feet. The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by W. B. Clapp, '
hydrographer, United State 3 Geological Survey :
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet. '
DATE.
1901. | 1905.
July 30 1327 447
July 31 1010 447
August 1 816 350
August 2 1291 371
August 3 12C0 407
August 4 1191 321
August 5 1Q53 323
Including Modesto and Turlock canals.
KINGS RIVER. NEAR SANGER.
J Second Feet.
DATE. !
j 1901. I 1905.
July 30 1255 838'
July 31 1198 772
August 1 1430 710
August 2 1595 652
August 3 •. 1430 ((25
August 4 1272 598
August 5 lias 57Q
TULE RIVER, NEAR PORTERVILLE.
date" pEE^ijET..'
I 1904. 1905.
July 30 S 18
July 31 8 18
August 1 8 . 18
Augusta 8 18
August 3 8 18
August 4 8 \ 18
August 5 lQ is
SACRAMENTO RIVER, NEAR RED BLUFF.
DATE. \ |_Second_F« :! tt 1 _
' ' - I 1904.. | 1905.
July ::o 7900 5410
July si 7000 5410
August 1 7fiitf> 5410
August 2 7000 5410
August 3 7150 5410
August 4 7150 5410 !
August 5 . 7150 S4IO :.i: .i
KLOW OK CALIFORNIA lUVEKS.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m..
120 th meridian time, San Francisco, August
11, 1905: •
33" 33 % ' P A I
STATIONS. \\\% Z I- |i r
\u25a0 - . \u25a0 \u25a0 B n ' '. • '. ;
Cloverdale R4 52 .00 Clear
Colusa 00 58 .00 Clear
Eureka 60 54 .00 Cloudy NW 10
Fresno 94 64 .00 Clear NW 12
Hanford 101 57 .00 Clear
Hollister 72 55 .00 Clear
Independence ...04 fiO .00 \u25a0 Oar SE OS
King City 72 55 .00 Clear N Lt.
Livermore 74 55 .00 Clear .......
Los Angeles 78 60 .00 Clear W 12
Merced 101 4S .00 Clear
Napa 71 5S .00 Clear
Newcastle 91 <r. .00 Clear S
Newman 102 57 .00 Clear . . . .- ..
Palermo 05 57 .00 Clear
Portervllle 5)7 60 .00 Clear NW ..
Red 81uff....... 08 60 .00 Clear SW C
Riverside SO 51 .00 Clear
Sacramento 80 54 .00 Clear S 12
San Diego 70 62 .00 Clear NW 12
San Francisco... 56 51 .00 Clear "W 12
San Luis Oblspo. 68 54 .00 Clear W 8
Santa Rosa 76 52 .00 Clear
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Thunderstorms have occurred at Winnemuc
ca. Flagstaff and El Paso, but conditions are
Improving In the valley of the Colorado.
Fair weather prevails generally on the Pa
cine Coast, except fog in the San Francisco
Bay section.
Relatively cool weather prevails over most
of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, August 12:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday,
with fog in the morning; fresh west winds.
Ivds Angeles and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
light west winds.
Sacramento Valley — Fair Saturday; light
scuth winds.
San Joaquin Valley — Fair Saturday; light
north winds.
Coast — Fair Saturday, with fog from San
Francisco northward; fresh west winds.
Nevpda— Cloudy Saturday; possibly showers
In the north.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit nnri Wheat nullctin.
\u25a0»ui«-:r!r Attempt I 'a IN.
Mrs. Mary Moore, who lives at 222 Mont
(ccnu-r>' avenue, is 20 y.-ars old and a bride of
cr.ly a 6ew months, splashed her chin and
thest with catb-jlic ecid yesterday while at
tempting to commit suicide. The acid burns
w< :v treated at the Harbor Hospital by Sur
geon Kvsich, |L'hu does not thlr.k Mrs. Moore
\u25ba w.!ii;»'« d any of tho poieon. She has been
ailing, che explained, and had intended to
kill herself. A neighbor knocked the bottle
:rom her mouth and prevented her taking the
fatal draught. "'But no more suicide for me,
if it hurts like this."' remarked the young
»on-.an as she left the hospital.
The four-mastfd schooner Irene, which ar
rived yesterday trim Everett, made the run
from the Pur't Sound port in « 1 i days. This
I* out of the best passages made on the Coast
[or a ktip time and is especially good in riew
of the fact that at this time of year sailii.c
vessels of the Irene's ela** aro taking in ami
17 onys to enmt fpjm Greys Harbor, which
:- uatUienXiily nearer than Everett. The
Irene hroucht 800.0C0 ftct of lumber.
Irrnf Make* Fast Pacsascr.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. j Pier.
Ausust I^. I I
Elizabeth... CoQUilla River j 5 pmjPier 20
Rainier Seattle & Ber^h'm! 2 pmfPier 10
'San Pedro;, Grays HaVbor .... 2 pm;i J ier 2
i Vanguard,".. Humboldt 10 am-Pier 27
ICoionado... :.rays Harbor 2 pm Pier 10
'• Porno Pt, Arena & Albion 0 pmiPier 2
iM. F. Plan) _\jos Usy ! 4 pm^PiiT 11
San Juan... N. Y. via Ancon.|l2 in|Pier 40
Uedondo Astoiia & Portland! 4 pm.'Pier 2
Corona Humboldt !l:3op:l 3 ier I)
August V.I. i !
S. Barbara. . Seattle direct 1 4 pmlPier 2
Norwood i Los Ar.geles Ports, 10 amiPicr 2
Umatilla iPuget Sound Ports 11 ami Pier 0
: S. Rosa . ...M San Diego & Way. 1) ami Pier 11
August 14. I
; Ncwburg... Grays Harbor 2 pmlPier 10
Argo Eel River Ports... 3 pm.Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way.. U am|P.er 11
Centralia Grays Harbor 4 pm;Pier 10
AiiKiist 15. I I
City Toreka Humbnldt |l:3op'Pier 'J
Breakwater. Coos Bay j 5 pm Pier s
St. Paul Astoria & Portland. lll am|Pler 21
AusruNt l«. I I
Eureka Humboldt ....' i 9 am^ier 5
Koanoke. Los Angeles Pts..j 7 pm|P:er 5
Arctic Humboldt '.» ami Pier 2
Sea Foam... Point Arena 4 pmjPier 2 1
Siberia China & Japan 1 pmlPier 40 i
AnjriiHi 17. j
State cfvCal.! San Diego & Way. 0 amjPier 11
Northland. .. | A&toria ie Portland v pmifier 27'
AIIKUHt IS. I
Coos Bay... ;San Pedro & Way. 9 ami Pier 11 :
Ny Fork Humboldt 'J am Pier 20 |
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 nm'Pler i)
C. Nelson... Seattle & Tacoma.l 5 pm|Pier 20
Awuiixt 10. I |
Aurelia Astoria & Portland! 5 pmjPier 27
Alameda . Honolulu 11 amPler 7
AiigTUMt 20. I
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am, Pier 24
Aus list 21. I
F. Ki'iburn.. Portland & Way.. 2 pm|Pl»r 27
AtiKitMt 23. \
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports, 11 am | Pier 9
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 11—5 p. m.
Tho*" following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported lor previous day:
Cincinnati 78-721 New Orleans SS-70
Bos-ton t>t>-T4j Philadelphia SO-74
Jacksonville KS-CtflNew York ..SO-70
St. Louis bti-71iPi:tsburg SO-72
Chicago M»-7-l"V«iKhingtnn tO-72
SAN FRANCISCO 50-54
COAST RECORD.
— tj > y " cc *\u25a0;
£ j» -'=\u25a0 =;\u25a0 .- E %
o -?* yE <~ o
3 3g 33 -jS v v» «s
STATIONS. S'Ss'iSf-o 5° \u25a0=
n n3^ 3 2 <" <S
— \u25a0 i . • . 5°
'. ~ - '. '. 3
o r> • , • ;
Baker 20. 54 S3 f.2 NW Clear .00
Carson 2ii.7N S4 (>2 W Clear .W
Eureka 30. in; 00 54 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.78 !)4 «4 NW Clear .00
S. E. Farallon.llJ.Hf. ."n> ~.i.\ NW Cloudy. .00
Flagstaff 29.50 84 40 . S\V Clear . .08
Independence .2:t.fi< Q\ 60 SE <Mcar .00
Los Angeles.: 2o. B6 7S Cl» VV Clear .00
Mt Tumalpais.2».92 68 KJ N near .00
North Head. '.:W. 10 00 - r >4 NW Cloudy a>
Phoenix 29.6U 102 7(5 NW Clfar &M
Point Reyes. .L'O.Wi :.."• 51 NW Cloudy .00
Portland 29.!>ti N» 54 NW Clear .00
Re-1 Bluff 20.7(» 98 <iti SW Clear JM>
Roseburg 20.f>2 S4 52 N Clear .00
t-'acramento . .29.^2 NO 54 S l^iear .00
Salt Lake 2ft. Ba S'J t52 NW Pt.Cldy.OO
San Francisco.2o.iVs 56 54 W Cloudy .00
S. L. Obispo. .2!). 04 <« 54 W Clear .(X)
San Diego 29.86 7i» t>2 NW Clear .or>
Seattle .10.02 70 54 W Hear .00
?I>okane 20.hu 04 5S W Clear .0<)
Tatoosh 30.08 60 52 W Cloudy .00
Winnemucca .2D.54 !>o 56 NX Cloudy T.
Vuma 29.66 lti« 74 SW Clear .1)0
To-m6rrow afternoon New Century
Circle of the Companions of the For
est of America will hold a service in
the Liberty Hall of the Alcazar build
ing in memory of its members who
have passed away In the last twelve
months. It will be under the direction
of Mrs. M. Ash, orator; Maggie I.dmme.
chaplain; Sarah Beversen, eulogist;
Miss Christen, organist; Elizabeth Zess
ing- and Miss E. Johnson. This will be
for the public as well as members.
Foresters' Memorial Servloe.
CLIPPER SHIP ROANOKE WHICH
IS TIEPORTED BURNED AT
NOUMEA, NEW CALEDONIA.
It way stated at Mare Island this afternoon
that the Solace would be sent t<> San Di'-co
s-ocn after her arrival to brii»g to the naval
ht*pital at Mare Island the conva!eso^nt
wounded of the Benr.ington. It is expected
that th^ BenningtOß will leave San Diego in
t< m of the United States ship Chitago to-mor
row nirht. \u25a0 j
The navy transport Solace, which arrived
about midnight, announced her approach by
wireless. The first message was received
about 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon and at
that time the Solace was TS miles southwest
of" the Farp-llor.cy" and 115 miles away from
this i>ort. The m^F^age was sent from Cap
tain Bull of the Skj!ae< to the commandant
at t'^e Mar* Inland navy yard and was cap
tured out of upaoe by the receiver installed
fat the Marconi wireless station on Union
Square avenue. The message follows: ••Lett
Honolulu Saturday. Pl*-a«ant weather.
smooth sea. Fresh northwest winds. All
we'l <»n boexd. Fourteen knots and in cood
shape. Wes T8 miles southwest of the
Kaiailonca and 115 mile* trom San Fran
cisco at 4:45. Will arrive about midnight.
Bull."
AnnounccM Approach by Wirelrnn.
Weather Iteport.
120 th Meridian- -Pacific Time.)
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Sicilian
Prince, from Naples, Messina and Palermo.
DOVER— Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Deutschland
(from Hamburg* for New York via Cherbourg.
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Rhaetia.
from New York.
MOV ILLE— Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Furnessia,
from Livcrp«xil lor Montreal.
Arrived Aug 11 — htmr Victorian, from Mon
treal for Liverpool and proceeded.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Augr ll— Stmr Arabic,
for Boston via Queenstown.
TALTAL— Arrived Aug 2— Ger bark Marco
Polo, from Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE, Australia— Sailed Aug s— Fr
bark Grande Duchesse Olga, for San Fran
cisco, i
WALMER— Passed Aug s—Nor5 — Nor ship Hov
dlng, from Newcastle. Eng., for San Fran
cisco. Aug i»— Br ship Gantcck Rock, from
Rotterdam, fur San Francisco.
HOBART— Sailed Aug s— Fr bark General
de Sonis. for Port Angeles.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 11— Br Jtmr In
crasamha, from New York.
VICTORIA. B. C— Sailed Aug 11 — Ger stmr
Gerrnan'cus, for San Francisco.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Aug 0— Br stmr Indra
rura. for Delaware Breakwater.
AMAPALA— Arrived Julr 11— Schr J G Wall,
her.ee May 12.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 11— Nor stmr
Gere, from Colon.
PHILADELPHIA — Sailed Aug 10— Bark
Willscott, for Sydney.
EASTERN PORTS.
HlLO— Sailed Aug S— Bark Amy Turner, for
San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS
Saiied Aur 10 — Ptmr Jefferson, for Skagway.
Arrived Aug 11. 9:30 n m — Stmr City of
Fuebla. hence Aug S.
Sailed Ausr 11 — Stmr Queeq, for San Fran
cisco; sur.r Lcelanaw, for Treadwell.
Arrived Aus LO— Stmr Leeianaw, from Lady
cn-.ith.
WKSTPORT- Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Westport,
for Sar> Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aur 11— Schr Alo
ha. her.ee July
Sailed Aug 11 — Bark Fresno, for Pan Fran
cisco.
BAU^ARD— Sailed Aug 11— Schr Ruth E
Godfrey, from San Pedro.
PORT HA DLOCK— bailed Aug 11— Br ship
Kinr.'W, for Arfca.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Roanoke;
hence Aug 7.
COOS n/T— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr F. A.
Kilburn, hence Aug 0 via Eurvka.
Saiifd Aug H— Schr North Bend, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Aug 11 — Stmr Alliance, from Asto
ria.
Arrived Auk 10— Stmr Signal, hence Aug P.
Sailed A-;g 11— Stmr F. A. Kilburn. for
Portland; stmr Alliance, for Eureka.
EVERETT— SaiIed Aug 10— Stmr Nebraska!:.
!or Honolulu.
Baited Aug 10. 12 noon — Br stmr Condor, for
Sar. Vrai.ciseo.
Arrived Aug 11— Schr J. M. Colman, from
Winslow.
IH.RT HAP.FOKD— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr
Bonita, frrrn Sen Pedro.
bailed Aug 1", 11:30 p m— Stmr TVhiUier;
with barge Santa Paula in tow, for San Fran
cisco. Aug 11. .V3O p m— Stmr Santa Cruz,
for San Francisco. Aug 10, 11:30 P m— Stmr
BonHn. tor San Francisco.
TORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Aug 11— Stmr
San Pedro, for San Francisco.
Ana, iroin Aug 10 — Stmr Dirij!"'.
(Rom Skagway. Aug S — Schr Maweema, from
i-an Dioeo.
Prohibitionist* to Hold Conference.
A, convention and conference of the
prohibition' workers will be held at
Long: Beach on September 2S, 2i> and 00,
the object being rather a school of
methods than an attempt to make a
public I demonstration. Special paper*
will be read, a conference of county
chairmen will- be held and debates on
prohibition reform will take place be
tween the leading prohibition speakers,
Good Templar lodges. Woman's Chris
tian Temperance unions and prohibi
tion alliances have been invited to send
delegates. It is believed that every
delegate will receive great practical
good from the meetings and that an im
pulse will be given to temperance work
of all kinds in Southern California.
The Roanoko belonged to A. Sewall &
Co., owners of the Shenandoah and othor
famous sailing vessels. Built in 1592,
Tias had rather more than one ship's
share of misfortune. It is not very long
ago that she was badly charred by lire at
J^sonolulu, and on a recent voyage from
Australia hrr commander committed sui
cide by jumping overboard. She had a bad
name among sailor?, who believed she
sailed under the ban of an unshakable
hoodoo. She was a vessel of 3539 tons
register, was 311.2 feet long, -19.2 feet beam
and 29.2 feet deep.
The clipper sh!p Roanoke has been dr
«troye>l by flames. While loading o:e Bt
Noumea, in New Caledonia, for Delaware
Breakwater this line American vessel
took fire and burned to the water's edge.
This much was learned yesterday from a
brief dii-patch received f;om London at
the Merchants' Exchange. As there was
no mention of loss of life it is supposed
that all hancs arc safe.
The Roanoke was well known at thi's
port and was famous tho world over as
one of the finest of probably the hand
somest mailing ship fleet in* the world.
She vras a four-masted wooden ship,
with lofty and gracefully tapering spars
and z. shapely hull. She was a typical
American clipper, and in any kind 01
weather always had siven a good ac
count of herself.
The San Franciaco County and Alameda
teams have met twice during the present
season In the opening match of 1905, on
May 14, the San Francisco County team
won by 74 runs, Richardson (58) and
Peterson (2S) being the principal contri
butors to the total of H2 runs. The Ala
meda total was&S runs, Stahl (19) being
the only batsman who made double rig
urts. Roberts and Isern captured four
wickets apiece.
The Alameda and San Francisco County
teams mtt for the second time on June
18, when the Alameda eleven scored 163
runs, six of their batsmen making double
figures. The County, eleven had made
ISO- rims for five wickets, Richardson (56)
and Roberts (10) being not out when time
was calied. The match ended in a draw.
No match for the 1903 championship
having been arranged for Sunday, the
l"Jth lnst.°,;the Veterans will play a friend
ly contest on the ground at Alameda.
The San Francisco County Club will be
represented by Harold B. itichardson
(captain), E. M. Peterson, Henry Roberts,
IS. J. Stratton. L.. K. Duquesne. J. T.
I.arteity, T. W. Tetley. 11. F. Pepys. Lk
E. Icern, T. J. A. Tiedemann and H. E.
LSoullon.
\ Tho Alameda cricket eleven will meet
tlie . San Francisco County team for the
third time during the present season in
a contest for the 1905 championship of
the California Cricket Association ' to
morrow on the ground at Webster street.
Alameda. The Alameda eleven will be
mads up ; of G. H. Ward (captain), L.. H.
Wheatley. S. M. Foster, E. Wara, F. J.
Croll. H. Bird, Vv\ H. McNaughton, C. W.
Irish, J. H. Saunders, J. Brown and F.
S. Stahl.
The official batting . averages of the
players in the Pacific Coast League for
the first ha^f of the season have been
compiled. Of the players who have taken
part in a representative number of games
Pitcher Shields is the only one hitting
at better than a SOU gait. The list fol
lows:
Player. AB. Hits. Pet.
Headers jn 4 2 •«>*>
M. Murphy 40 It -33U
Krick 21 7 .<i£l
Flemins 31 10 .S^t
Shields »1 2H .aos
Brashear oil JT-" .-"J«
Hart Ott IS .2SS
lrwin 404 115 .-'Si
McLean *J2 1">1 .-^»
lilauKenship 87 21 -27tf
Cravath o^4 !>» •'->-
Householder 072 lul .271
Mitchell Iti7 * 45 .270
Hlidebrand 417 111 .2«>
Waldron :;k> os*0 s * .2tx»
McCreedie 'JlO &i .2«U
Smith 4ta 100 .-t-
Eagan (Truck) 4UJ IUS .281
Joe Corbett I*7 7 .2W>
NorUyke 4l» ICS .238
Dillon 31*7 ke .2i»«
Atz ;{ijy !»t .255
Schlafley 31V M .25»»
Doyi.- 440 HO .24U
Hoatz :>45 tm .-4u
Wheeler 334 83 .240
Nealon ."46 ,st; .24S
Kane si:j S3 .248
hheehan 4 Itf IV- .245
Lynch 3X5 !•* .24i
: Rosa Hall 352 S3 .241
lien.arJ 401 *J7 .240
Hoi-i ;k>6 7'J ,S'«s
Kruger 401 i»4 .234
Uunleavy 544 SO .233
Casey .. 253 5'J .'SSi
Walters 3U3 70 .231
Koscoe. Miller 74 17 .2:50
: McLaughlin 39t> MO .227
Tracy 280 65 .22T
Van Hal trtrtt 3M« SO .22.">
McHale 342 7? .225
Eagar 151 34 .225
James , SO -<> .224
C. Hall 10S 24 .222
Byrnes 214 47 .222
Graham 2UB (S3 .215*
Hogan (Oak.) 74 1« .21«
o"<JonneH 37 s .2l«
Gray 3 M Is .214
Jones ,st» to .2i:>
Esalck So lo .21::
Flood 3t*t 77 .212
Sliekney 3S 8 .211
Van Uuren :tfi> »a» .2tW
Krancks OS t, SO .208
Kelly 3«0 M> -20tt
Thomas 07 20 .20t>
D. Miller 20« 42 .204
Kemmcr 157 32 .201
Kecfe 80 IS .202
Spencer 452 VI .2<Jl
Conrad "» 1 .2<a>
Shoa '. 138 27 .ISO
Spits 2H3 i>2 . 10S
Mosklman lit; is; .nw
Baum t>2 18 .100
Hosan (Tac.) 100 .'.7 .IS>5
Ted Corbett 67 13 .104
AVilson 274 5.1 .1».-.
French 42 8 .l.»<>
King- 37 7 .ISJ
Devtreaux 377 71 .I>B
Toman I7t» :;;t .188
Sctirniilt ..." X) 13 .ISS
Wright 32 tt .INS
Lohmun 38 7 .I*4
fctrieb 31S {>S .IS2
Clark 55 10 .I*l
Mohler SO IB .ISO
Cook *)i •; .i»i»
Graham (Oak.) 12S St .I*o
Cates 181 TKJ .177
Runkle 340 60 .178
Hltt 31 « .17U
Stanley lK> 12 .174
Williams SO 15 .1«O
Daahwcod 05 18 .16.N
Paul 12 2 .167
St. Vram « 1 .167
Hums 15»! 2«> .lt>«
Gochnauer 334 .•>\u25a0"> .165
Garvin 6S 11 " .1«2
Harper 7 1 .143
Whalen 114 IB .140
W. Hall 57 8 .140
Feerey 60 S .133
Roach. «3 8 .128
Emerson ltt 2 .125
Henley 72 0 .125
Goodwin s::' 6 .113
Fitzgerald 68 7 .103
Swindells 1O 1 .100
Oswald 10 1 .ICO
McMurray • 43 4 .C 93
McKeene 11 1 .091
Brown 67 6 .090
H. Murphy K» 3 .085
Fitzpatrick 7t 4 .054
Tczier 60 3 .060
Ibcrg m 3 .050
Toren 21 1 .04S
Brinker .' 1 0 .000
Lord 1 O .C 0»
Carson 2 0 .COO
Hopkins 2 0 .000
Kreltz 3 0 .000 1
Gilpatrick 3 0 .000 j
Hutchinson 3 O .000
Hastings 4 0 .000 !
Boyle 5 0 -COO !
Baefar « O .000
Efran (Seat.) 7 0 .000
CurtU ..i , 10 0 .000
Pierce 14 0 .000
\u25a0 \u2666 »
BANKRUPT FARMER.— A. C. Harmon, a
farmer of San Jose, filed a petition in insolv
ency yesterday In the United States District
Court. He owes $407 and has $42 assets.
News Told in Brief
Dispatch From
Noumea
Well Known Vessel
Is Burned to the
Water's Edge.
SHIELDS SHOWS
BATTING SKILL
COUNTY ELEVEN
PLAYS ALAMEDA
CLIPPER SHIP ROANOKE TOTALLY DESTROYED BY FLAMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY AUGUST 12, 1905.
7
RAILWAY TRAVEL-
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tfburon Kerry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAF%EL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 8:00. 9:00. 12:35, 2:30
5:10. 5:50.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O. 8:00. 9:30 a. tn.. 12:33. 2:30.
5:10 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO..
WEEK DAYS — G:O5, 7:35. 7:50, 0:20 a. in
12:50, 2:40, 3:00. 5:20, 6:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — «:05, 7:35, 7:50. 9:20 a. m.. 2:40,
4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:20. 7:50. 7:53 p. m.
Leave I In Effect i Arrive
San Fran. | August 7, 1005. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tiop. | days- f Days.
| 7:30 al | |
7:30 a &-tOa B:4oai 8:40 a
b:00a ;>:o0a Ijtnacla. IO:2V> a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:20 p «S:0Op H:.'O \>
6:10 p s:ljp 6:20 p 7:20 p
7:20 p
I 8:50 p /.
8:00 al 8:00 al Napa. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 pi 5:10 p| | B:20 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a 7:30 a | 8:40 a| 8:40 a I
b:00a s.OOa Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 <t :
2:20 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
&:10p 2:30 p and 7:20 p 7:20 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:50 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:20p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:50 p 7:20 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p GeyservllK 7:20 p 7:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a' 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:3up| and TJktah. | 7:20 p[ 7:20 p
I I Wllliu. I I
7:30 a| 7:30 al Sherwood. f 7:20 p| 7:20 p
8:00 at 8:00 al GuernevlUe and '10:20 a[10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p! Caraj. Vacation. | S:sop| 6:20 p
&-oOajS:ooa| . 8:40 a s:4oa
S:lopt 0-SOaf Ecrcma, «:oOp 6:20 d
I 5:10 pi Glen Ellen. «:30p
7:30a|7:30aj 10:20alO:20a
2:SOp 2:30 p \u25a0 SebastopoL 7:20 p 6:20 a
5:10 p| B:10pl \u25a0
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whits
Sulphur Springs aad Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burkes Sanitarium: at Lytton for
J,ytton Springs: at Geyservtile for Ska*ga
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duneaa
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Soring* Blue La 1 "*- Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley
John Day's. Llerley's. Hultville. Orr-s Hoi
Springs, Halfway House. Comptche. Hopkins
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal"-
a t Wllllts for Hearst and Sawyer; at Sherwood
*or Westport. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville. (W
mins. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens. Dy er
Garberv.lle, Pepperwood. Camp's, Scotl* ami
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r«>
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
JAS. AGLER. R. X. RYAN, r
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Act.
IVlt.Tamalpais Railway
Lt. S&s frucisco j JLr. s*^ Frsscisco
•»• 7:4sa^|SC^ 11:32 a io^isT
0:50 a 8:45 a ta^SSK? l:O2p 2:55p
1:45p 10:15 a 2:32p 6:"iir
gitareUj 12:45p T&jr s:b'lp 'ixiiiiif
Onlj 2:15p Ujal VH*4sjx 6:32f Caly
4;35p 3:45p| fci tedif Till I B:3gp 11:25p
IlIfT j 650 Market ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
/"nOB \ and Ferry. Foot Market S*.
-.*\u25a0 . \u25a0 *
OCRA7V TRAYEK
c Steamers leave Piers 9 and
11. San Francisco:
For Ketchikan, Wrangel.
Juneau, Treadwell, Hatnes.
Skagway. etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
m.. Aug. 3. 8. 13. 18. 23, 28.
Sept. 2. Change to this com
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
eoma. Kverett, Anacortes. South Belllngham.
Bellinghain— ll a. m.. Aug. 3. 8. 13. IS. 23, 23.
Sept. 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and.G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Taeoma to N. P- Ry-: at Vancouver to C
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Aug. 3, 9, 15. 21. 27, Sept. 2. Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Aug. 6. 12. 13 24. 30. Sept. 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Hunta Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 0 a. ro.
For Los Anteles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
,terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luij Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme —
Coos Bay 9 a. m.. Aug. 2. 10, 18. 26. Sept. 3.
Bonita 9 a. m., Aug. (5, 14. 22. 30, Sept. 7.
For Ensenada, Ma^dalena Bay, Pan Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guayma g (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1&03 — Tht
palatial excursion steamship SPOKANE will
leave Taeoma. Seattle and Victoria June 22.
July 6. 20. August 3. 17.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to chance steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — I New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Office. 10 Market st.
CD. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LI\E.
Plymouth — Cherbours: — Southampton.
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT L,IJfE.
Xew York — London Direct.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LIVE.
NEW TOUK- ROTTERDAM, via BOULOGNE
RED STAR LIKE.
AntTrern — Dover — Loniloiv — Paris.
WHITE STAR LINK.
New York — Qneeostown — Liverpool.
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
To the Mediterranean.
FROM NEW YORK.
CRETIC September 26. Nov. 4. Dec. ft
REPUBLIC October 19. November 30
, FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC. .August 5. September 1«. October 2S
ROMANIC October 7. November 18
C. D. TAYLOR. Passeneer Acent Pacific Coast.
21 Pest St.. San Francisco.
Jfiamburg-Jhmerican.
Plymouth— Cherbourg — Hamburg.
tnloltke .Aug. 1" "Pennsylvania.. Sept. 2
?Waldersee....Aug. 19 +*BIuecher Sept. T
tDeutsehland..Aug. 24 IFurst Blsmrck.Sept. U
Hambure. Auk. 31 t*Moltke Sept. 14
IGrIU Room. "Gymnasium on board.
at Dover for London and Paris.
HAMBURG-aKERIC4NLI*E. 35-37 Bro»dw»y, V.I.
HERZOO & CO., 401 California st.
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Aug. 19,11 A.M.
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Aug. 31, 2 P. M.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Sept. 11, 11 A. M.
LD.SPBECBSLS & fcROJ. Ca,Alts.,Tictet 0D1C8643 Mar-
tet. Freight omc3 327 Market St., Pisr 7, Pactlb sl
KOSMOS LINE
Pansentrer -Service.
S. S. "Araraon," "6000 ton*. Captain *Jurcen-
sen sailing from San Francisco, August 26,
for Europe, via ports on West Coast of Mex-
ico Central and South America. For rates
ami accommodations apply to LENDAL M.
GRAY, Manajjer. 329 Market st.
Compnß-nle Generate Transatlantlque.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Paris. -f^B**
Sailing every Thursday instead ot <t&Sj£3y
Saturday, 10 a. m., from Pier 42, \u25a0"\u25a0™ l^^»
North River, foot of Morion st. .t^'"^
First clasa to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI £ CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND INTERURB AN ROUTES.
NAPA VALLEY ROUTE.
MONTICELLO 6TEAMSHIP COMPANY—
VALLEJO AND NAPA VALLEY INTER-
TIRBAN ELECTRIC R. R. CO. Close connec-
tions at Vallejo with 0 round trips dally Tor
Vauejo. Mare Island Navy ,Tard. NAPA. Napa
Asylum and all way points. Boats leave | San
Francisco 7:00 a. m., «0:45 a. m., 12:J0 noon.
•t-15 D m.. >J:00 p. m.. 8:30 p. m.
San Francisco larding and of flee. Pier 2,
fm.t of Mission st. Meals a la carte. Phone
Main 1503- - HATCH BROS., General Agents.
\u2666Lands Navy Yard direct. . ,
For Vallejo and Mare Inland Navy Yard.
Steamer H J. " CORCORAN leaves , : wharf
north end of Ferry Building, week days (except
«a*urday). 11 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. Saturdays. .11
a tn. Sundays. 9:30 a.. m.. 8:15 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo. week days (except Saturdays).^ 7:45 a.
m. P. m. Saturdays,' 7:3o a. m.. 6 p. m.'
Sundays. 5:30 p. -m. Meals : a 'la carte. , Phon»
Ml. BARNESOS.-HIBBERD CO., manacera.
<S0 llcnteomerv - street.
R A TUW ATTR A VEjt*
Train* leave »nd are dn»
I p/ff|i|v2| SAX FKANCISCO,
(Foot of Market Street.)
lxxyx— MAIN LINE. — -mam"
7.ooa Ktinlra. Vacav llle. Winters. Usinsey 7.43P
/.OOAlMciiTaoDd. itcnlcl.T. Sacramentc,
- Mlt Subtil* ami Wav Stations 7-23?
; 7-40 A \ sllejo, Napa. CnlistDga, Santa
Kosii, MartiDvz, San Kamon S-Q3»
j 7.4OAXIle*. Fleasaniou. Livermore,
on« cJ racy ' JLathru P. Stockton 7.235»
B-OOASoasta Express— (Via Davis),
Williams, Willows, tFruto. Ked
Bluff. Portland. Tiiroms. Seattle. 7-43p
B.GOADavI». WoixllanU.Knlglits Lauding,
Marysrllle. <>roTllie 7. 43*
B.2oa Martinez, Antloch. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton, Xewnito, Los B.taos,
Mendot*. Armona, Haaford,. . „«-
Vlsalla, Portervllle i aaZ
8-20APors Costa. Luthrop. Merced. Mo- ' +* af *
desto, Raymond. Fresno, Han-
fora. VKiltn. Kakerstield 4 48*
I B.4OaXIIc», 3an.Jose. Llverinore, Stork-
ton, (tMUtoaX Vullcr Spring,
lone, Sacramento. Ptacervllle.
Colfax. Mary »\ ills. Red 81uff.... 4.03*
i 8-40AOi>kdale, Ciiinese, Jamestuwa,
Sonora. Tuoluinne »nd An^<-!.»... 4.03^'
I S.rOA Atlantic Eipress— Ocrtrn ami Knst. 4.25p
i 9.4oa Ulcbniond. PortCosia. Martinez
and Wsy Stations ("Concord) 648^
! 1020 a Vallejo, Dally. Xapa, Sunday only 7.43*
10-20aL09 Anjrele* Pussongcr — port
Costa. Mi»rtine2. Uyron. Tracy,
Latbrop, Stockton, Merced,
}i«.vii)<>:i(l. Friiiio. t;>w>hen Junc-
tion. Il:i3for<!. Lrmcx re. Visalfa,
Uake sllclU. Los Aut;clett 703*
10.20 a El Pitso. Kan«a3 City, St. Louis aad
Chicago 7.08P
11-COAThe Ovirlnn.l Llmftcil — t>m»ha,
Chlc»?o. Denver. Kansas City... 5.48*
, 11.40AXl!es. San Jose nnd Wsy Stations. 2-48»
ti.Ol'PSacraincntuUlvcr Steamers tiI. OOP
| 3 4Qp lirnk-li. Winters. Sacramento,
' ' V,"oodlan<l. Knlsbts Landing.
\u25a0 • Marysvll'e and Orovliie 10. 49 a
3.40p Kny ward. Mies, and Way Stations 743 i»
4 UCp V::l Icjii. Martinez. S;-.» K.imon,
X".pa. Callstojca, Sonta Ko«<» 9 23*
• 4.OOPXUes. Tracy. Stockton. I.odl 10 28a
| 4.4oP llayward. NUos. irvlngtoa. San) 19.48 a
Josi\ LiTrnMTC i t11.43A
• B.OOPThu Owl LlntUril— Newman, Los
Bnnos, Mcuilotn, Fresno. Tularo,
I ' Bakersilclil. Los Angeli's 3.43 a
i B.OOp Chicago and St. I.uuis Special— El
Paso. Kansas City, St. Luuls and
cnlcago 8.48 a
I to.2opllavwartl. Nllemtml Sau Jose 7.03 a
i 5.20P Vallejo. l'urt Costa, tenicta, Sal-
sun, Sacramento 1128 a
; 6. 00P Eastern Kxpress— Omaha. Chlcasrr*
Denver, Kansas City. St. Louis,
Martinez, Stockton, Sacramento,
Reno, Sparks. Montello. O^den .. 12-43*
: 6.2oPllayward. N'llesand Saa Ji.se 943 a
: 7.CoPi:eii) Passcnser— Port Custn. Be-
ntcia, Sulsun. Klmlm. Ulxon,
D.ivls.Sacramrnto. Spjirks, Tono-
pah. Goldfli-lrt anil Keelcr 7-03 A
7.4oPPort Costa, >rart!iu-z.Uyroa,Tracy.
Modesto. Merced. Kresno 12-08P
7-4CPTo*cmlte an<l Murlpi^a Bt~ Tree*
(via Raytimnd-Wawuna Ilcutc).. 848 a
7.4opVa!lcjo, Sundny only 11-28 A
8-20POrcKon & California Express— Sac-
i " rnmento, Mnrvsvtiie. lioddtcz,
: \u25a0 Portland. Pii-^et Soiind an'l K.ist. 8 43a
9-Cop Hay ward. Mies aud >.-.v Jusc (sun-
dayouly) tiV^fA
COAST LINE «>arn»w Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7.4sa Santa Cruz £xcur»lou (Sunday
only) 91SP
; B.lsAXowark. Ontcrrflle. San .l«se,
F«!ton. n.>u':!rr Creel;, S«nta
Cmi and W»y stations 6-55P
t9-15A Newark, San Jc»e. Fcltcm, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz t7 S9p
t2.lsPXewark, Crntervirie. .Sun Jose.
Kew AlnmdCD. Lo» (iatus. Keltirn.
Boulder Creole, S;inia f»uz aad
Principal Way Stations 13.55 a
4-15pK' > warlk. Sr>a Jose, Los l.;ito»,
WrfKht tBESA
4.lspSatnrday »nd Sundny for Feltoo,
Bonlder Cn-ek. Snntn Cruz ft3-55A
COAST LINt: <«••"»• ».»u«r;.
| m ryfThlnl and Ti'\yn*cnil Street*.) m
! 6.lCAban.)u»«an<t Wi.y St»tl»iiH 630P
t7.nOASan Jose and Wny S;:!!lon» 5.40P
I 7.lsa Monterey. Santa Cms h.xcursion
(Sunitay only) » lO.IOp
B.OOAXew Almnden (Tups.. Kr'.. only).. 4-10P
S.OOAThe Cou»ter-S;in Jo"=p. Salinas.
San Ardo. Paso lloliles. Santa
Marsartta. sun Ljrfa Oiilspo,
Guadalupe. Gavtuta. Sanfn B:ir-
Snra, San Uiienaventnra, Oxnard,
Burhanlc. Los Anrvies 10-30*
B.ooa Gtlroy. Holilster, Ca«n>Tllle. Del
Moate. PaciUc Grove, Surf,
Lompoc 10-30*
8-COa San Jose, Trus Plnos, "Watson v llle,
Capltoln. Sant» L'rsz.- Pni-lflc *
Grove. s.iMnu*. San Lilts ObUpu
and Prtnclpnl Way Stntl«ns 4.10*
I t9-00ALos Gatos. Wrifrht. Boulder Creek.
Tia Santa Clara and Narrow
Gauze t7.40P
10. 30 a Sau Jusc and Way Stations 1.20P
11. 30 a San Jose and Way Stations 7.40*
! 2.l5PSan Jose and Way Stations 8.38 a
i t3oopDel Monte Express— Santa Clara.
San Jose, Wutnonvtile, Santa
Cmz. Del Monte, Monterey
Pacific Gmre tI2.ISP
t3-00P Los Gatos. Wrfsht. B«in!der Creek,
Santa Cruz, -via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge 10.45 a
3.3QpSouth San Fmncisco. Saa Juse,
Gtlroy. H^Hner. Tres Plnos.
. WatBonTiile.Ciipltol«,SsntaCrnz,
Salinas, Monterey. Pacific Urore. 10.45 a
4.3opSan Jone and Way Stations t7.55A
t5 COpSanta Clara, San Juse, Los Gatos,
Wrlftht . +9.Or)A
5 530 p San Jose and Prtncl?al Wny Stations S9.4QA
6-45P Sunset Express— lied wood, San
Jose, tillroy, Salinas, Paso
j Robles, San Luis «>^l»po. Santa
' Barbara, Los Anpeles, Demlag,
El Paso, New Orleans 9-10*
6.45pE1 Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis,
Chicago *0.30p
s.4spPajaro. Watson-vllle. Cap! tola,
Santa Criu. Cnstrovllle, Del* *If.lOP
Monte, Pacific Grove ( tlO-30P
tB-15PSan Mateo, Pen-»ford. Bclmont.
San Carlo*. Keilwood. Fair Gak9,
MenloPnrk. Palo Alto tS4SA
6-30pSan Jose and Wnr Stations 6.36 a
B.ooPPalo Alto a "d Way St»tlons ' 10.15 a
11.30P South San Francisco, Millbrae. Bnr-
linzame, San Mateo, Belmont.
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oalcs.
Menlo Pa r!t aad Palo Al to 9.45P
11.30pSatnrdays only for Maynelrt.Moaa-
taln View, SuDnryale. Lawrence,
Santa Clara and San Jo»e t9 45*
OAKLAND HARBOR : ERRY
(Foot of >l;ir<et St.*
t7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. S.ISP.W.
A for Morning. P for Afteraoon.
tSnnday exeepted. iSunday only.
(Monday only.
IDally. and stops at all stations on Snnday.
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYSB
Bfl Leaves Mondays and Thursdays at S
yit\ »:30 a. tn. with Wn«r» and Sleepers Jy
Other Santa Fe Tralaai
7 .30 a. m. i
8 : V) p. m. , F< >" Stoclcton. Fresno. Bakor*fl«i4.
8:30 a. m.J Merced, Hanford and Vualta,
4:oO p. tn. For Siocktua.
7 :30 •. m. 5 Direct connection for Tosemlt*
8:30 a. m. ' Valley and tho Big Trees.
8 :30 a. in. i For Kansas City. Grand C&ayoa
8:00 p.m.: and Chicaso.
8:33 a. m. J For Oaktlalx and points on 51err»
( . Railway.
Ticket Offices — «5.J Market st. and Ferry C«pou
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oaa>
land. Cal.: a!sa CT South First. 3an Jo**.
To SAN RAFAEL
llPSlSfJyi ROSS VA LLtY.
MILL VALLEf
I^^^^^ CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBLTiBAN SERVICK. STANDAKD GACGS.
Lwpurt w«e«L any* at t :ua 7:43. »:-5. i»:li),
8:50. 11:00 a. m.: l~':-». 1:43. 3: IS. LdZ. 3:14.
6:50. 6:20, 7:13, w.w. 10:13 and 11:36 j». m.
£>«Dart Sundays «mi holiday* at 7:1-1. 7:43,
8:15. b:45, »:13. »:43. 10:13. 10:43. 11:13. 11:4>
•, m.: 12:13. 12:43. 1:13. 1:43, 2:13. 2:43. 3:IT
• :43. 4:15. 4:*3. 0:13, 0:43, «:13, «:*3. 7:IX
(7:45, 8:13 for Eauaaltto only). 9:uo. 10:U>
ll::U D. tn.
For Fairfax, wmk days — 7:13 a. ».. 3:13
p. m.. 8:13 t> m. Sundays and holiday*—
7-43. 8:43. »:15i 10:15. 11:45 a. m.. 1:13 p. a,
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:4."> a m. Cau> — Ci**aueru *na way stations.
»:13 a. m. aundiya and ixoUdaya— Polaf
Reyes, etc. _
3:15 p. m. daily (except Sunday) — Foe Caza*
5:15 p.*m- daily <exe«pt Sunday) — For Polos
V:l5 p. m. Sunday* and Holidays for Cau-
dcro. etc.
TICKBTT OFFICE— €3O Uarket »t.
JERRT— Union P«pot. fooc of Market «t.
Weekly Call
ONE DOLLAR PER YEABL
X\u25a0 ' -JUST SMILES
MIRROR OF DANE' FASHION
Customer — Those trousers are
too short for my boy; he'd out
grow them In five weeks.
Tailor— No danger; they won't
last that long. •
k:ve\v his goods.
HIS EXERCISE.
Weary— Do you get plenty of
exercise?
Happy— Sure, I allus roll me
own cigarettes.
SIMPLICITY Is the keynote of the modes for misses and children; and this
smart little frock in a mercerized chambray has much to commend It.
The bodice is a clever combination of yoke and suspender style,. the yoke
of guipure embroidery, pointed front and back and the. bretelles coming: up
fiom the satin ribbon girdle that" is mounted upon a featherbone ; frame.
The sleeve Is puffed to above the elbow, where It Is strapped with embroid
ery, .and, two fluffy, frills of this same hang halfway to the elbow and finish
the sleeve. The skirt Is full, shirred to the band, and has two flounces of
embroidery applied \ with much shirring from knee to hem. The length is
the correct onej the skirt hem coming barely, to the top, of the shiny black
shoe, but not displaying the smart hosiery.
THE MODE FOR MISSES.
All a girl has to know in this world is how to manage men, and she
doesn't have to learn that, because it comes natural to her.— New York
Press. ':'if>~'£-' \u25a0 \u25a0 .'\u25a0•-•\u25a0
Cardinal Gibbons says he can think of nothing more lonesome than the
man with an immense fortune. Think of the man without a cent. — New
York Herald.
If, however, Russia shall profit by all the experience she has gained in
the last year and a half, $1,000,000,000 will not really- be an excessive price
to pay for it — Indianapolis News.
Government shells failed to pierce the Midvale Steel Company's first
contract lot of armor-plate. But there's a hole for the first "time in the
Steel Trust's armor. — New York World. • , ,'
Here, forty years after the civil war, there are 994,472 persons drawing
pensions from the Government. A good, valid pension is a better aid to
longevity than any life insurance policy.— Baltimore Sun.
SHARK riding is a newly invented sport indulged in by the
yachtsmen of Oyster Bay, and said to be more exciting than
motor-boating. That the sharp-toothed terror of the sea, the
mention of whose name is sufficient to send shudders down the
spinal column, can thus be used to subserve the gayety and exhil
aration of humanity is a noteworthy advance in the completeness
of man's dominion over the earth and all the creatures that inhabit
it. To disarm him of his terrors to the extent of actually making
a plaything of him must be such a triumph to the sportsmen it is
no surprise that the excitement of the game added to its novelty
makes it the finest experience of the summer's fun. When sharks
are made useful and amusing it is time to wonder what next. *
The sport is made easy from the very fact that sharks have
grown bold because of the fright they inspire. The men-go out in
boats and harpoon them. The harpoon is attached with a short line
to the boat and the stimulated fish dashes off at a great burst of
speed, pulling the boat after him. It is said that you have-to hold
on to the seat of the boat very tightly in order to keep up with the
pace. The fun would be very dangerous but for the fact that the
shark has a habit of skimming along the surface of the water: If
ever he took a notion to dive straight down he could make it very
interesting for his riders, and soon have better sport than they.
Upsetting the boat would be just the beginning of his gayety,
for when he chose to come up again things would be easily his way,
and revenge and good eating would conjoin to make him-happy. -It
will be lucky for the riders so long as the fish's instinct predom
inates over his reason; but the bare possibility that at some moment
he may undertake to change his tactics and try a sudden downward
curve must add greatly to the thrills of the adventurers.
A NEW SPORT.
Dumas perc, who was proud of the
prices he received for his work, was once
boasting of the fact.
"Beyond a doubt," he remarked, "1
am the best paid of living men of let
ters; I receive thirty sous a line."
"Indeed, monsieur?" said a bystander,
"I have never worked for less than 5000
pounds a line. What do you think of
that?"
"You are joking," responded Dumas, in
irritation.
"Not at all."
"For what do you receive such rates
per line?"
"For constructing railways," was the
answer.— Harper's Weekly.
ANECDOTE OF DUMAS.
IT Is rather a pity that the new Coun
tess of Northbrook will not go out
to any extent this season, for she
is regarded as one of the most beautiful
women in London society, writes the
London correspondent of The Call. The
Countess and her husband are still In
mourning for the Earl of Northbrook,
and will content themselves during the
next few months with very small din
ner parties at their town house in Pdrt
man Square.
It was not until after her second
marriage that London "discovered" the
Countess. As the wife of that retiring
Scotch "laird," Sir Robert Abercromby,
she went little into society, either north
or south of the Tweed. But when the
then Viscount Baring won the fair
widow and brought her to London as
his bride her beauty immediately be
came talked of on every side. Pos
sessed of wonderful fair hair and a radi
ant complexion she was admittedly, the
belle of her first party in London — an
uncommonly swagger function at Dev
onshire House, at which both the King
and Queen, then Prince and Princess of
Wales, were present.
London, however, was not allowed to
see much of the Viscountess, and this
on account of the affection for and de
pendence upon her Ladyship of her
father-in-law, the Earl of Northbrook.
Never was there a more Idolized daugh
ter-in-law. The Earl* had fifty differ
ent portraits of her, which he was
never tired of showing. The old noble
man's devotion was fully reciprocated
by its object, and during the last years
of the Earl's life the Viscountess spent
most of her time with him at his coun
try home in Hampshire and shone ttfere
as the most brilliant hostess in the
county, arranging the shooting parties
entirely herself and superintending tho
smallest details in connection with the
comfort of her father-in-law's guests.
Lady Northbrook^s jewels are likely
to make a small sensation when she
begins to go out again, for, besides
her own collection of turquoises, which
is almost priceless, she has now come
Into the family jewels of the North
brook family, some of which have be
longed to the Darings since the time of
Henry VII.
Her Ladyship is now busy rehanging
and reframing the Northbrook paint
ings, which were the pride of her
father-in-law and which are"considered
the finest collection of old pictures In
England. The new Earl of Northbrook
is a prominent club man, has been a
member of Parliament and was aid-de
camp to his father when he was Gover
nor General of India. The Countess's
son by her first husband, little "Bob
ble Abercromby, is one of the comell
est children in society. His picture ap
peared a few years ago In the Royal
Academy and was greatly admired.
KBW' COUXTESS OF !VOHTHUROOK AND HER SON.
This was regarded as a heinous offense, though the public was
amply protected against the pauperism of the children, and it is
ordered that the steamship company shall be prosecuted in the
3 ; ederal courts and be subjected to heavy penalties for bringing
these children, in charge of a responsible Bishop of their church,
to a good home. Our opinion of some of the policies of the Mormon
church is well known. But one thing must be admitted in behalf
of the Mormon body: it cares for the needy and helpless, and does
not leave them to public charity.
The question arises, if a Bishop of any other church, having
a hierarchy, had landed here with children under the same circum
stances, would his charges have been ordered dep.orted by the same
immigration authorities? We doubt it. But the Mormons have in
respect to such cases exactly the same legal rights as any other
church. Therefore it is apparent either that other churches are un
lawfully favored or that the Mormons are denied legal equality
of right. Applying the principles of equity to the administration
of the law. the right of those orphan children cannot be questioned.
Bin they were denied the benefits of both law and equity. For
what ? As a punishment because their parents were Mormons, or be
cause it is the settled policy of the immigration authorities to do all
that they can to hinder and oppress American shipping at this port?
In attempting to visit the penalties upon an inadvertence, public
authority is being outrageously misused. If rights are denied to
the Mormons that are freely accorded to others, it is a violation of
the Federal constitution, which forbids discrimination between dif
ferent forms of religio^j.
It is a part of the unfriendly attitude toward the interests of
navigation that is assumed here. The men who invest capital and
enterprise in shipping are treated as if they were public enemies.
Their property is discriminated against by being subjected to all
local taxation, which foreign bottoms escape, and they carry pas
sengers between Asian and Australasian ports and this city at their
peril. Yet on the Fourth of July we boast of the flag and fondly
hope to see it at the peak of American ships in all the waters of the
world! Shipping companies are prosecuted in the Federal courts
for inadvertence, and the national authorities seem to exhaust all
of their zeal in hindering and hampering the use of the Pacific
Ocean, which a Cabinet officer proclaimed had been made an Ameri
can lake by Dewey's victory in Manila Bay.
Not long ago a Pacific liner brought here four orphan children.
They were in charge of a well known Bishop of the Mormon church,
their parents having been of that, faith. He gave the guarantee of
the church that they would not become a public charge. A home
and adoption were waiting for them in Idaho. But notwithstanding
all this these orphans were ordered deported. They were mere
children, the oldest being only n years of age. By inadvertence
and without design they were landed, went on to Idaho and were
adopted into a family of large property, abundantly able to rear
and educate them.
The administration of the law should be impartial and its policy
should be the same for all. The law does not put a head tax upon
tourist aliens in transit through the country. But notwithstanding
that, at this port the head tax is imposed upon tourists, regularly
ticketed on trips around the world, making necessary their transit
across the United States. These tourists are not immigrants. Their
prcFcr.ce in the country is temporary, and it is oppressive to compel
our Pacific Ocean steamship companies to pay this unlawful head
tax. It shows a lack of discrimination in the administration of the
law. and is a special incubus upon the passenger trade across the
Pacific, which San Francisco is so desirous of attracting to this
port.
THE administration of all law should be tempered by equity.
The general policy of our immigration laws is less strict than
it should be. It should not only treat the people of all nations
rlike, but it should aim to restrict immigration down to the point
indicated by the industrial needs of the country. But then even
the principle of equity should temper the enforcement of the law.
Its administrators should play no favorites, either on the score of
race or religion.
It is one proper purpose of the law to exclude all immigrants
whosare not in some way guaranteed against becoming a public
charge. How little attention is paid to this in Eastern ports the
facts testify. The philanthropic heart of the country is wrung by
the tales o"f want and distress among the immigrants on the East
Side in Xew York. Instead of being two years in the country with
out being a public charge, a percentage of every year's excessive
immigration goes on the pauper list within six months or a year
after landing. This fact makes all the more noticeable the stern
ness of the immigration officers in cases in which the public is amply
guaranteed against the helplessness and pauperism of other classes
of immigrants.
THE IMMIGRATION LAWS.
Willie— Bet I can make the ug
liest face.
May— You ought to, with catur*
to help you.
NATURE'S AID.
PfOW ; HE STAYS AWAY.
Ethel— Sister says you remind
her of my doll.
Cholly— Why does she think so?
Ethel— Well, you know, dolly's
head is filled with sawdust, too.
, Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Townsend's California-Glace Fruits. In
artistic fire-etched boxes. New store now
0pen.. .767 Market street. • *
81 Fourth street. Best eyeglasses, specs, 20c
to 50c. , Open oto 3. Front of barber. • .
Neither staff nor scrip I take.
But a little book instead ;
This the heavenly bread I break.
This the brook where thirst I slake. -
All alone I walk thl» way;
Yet a joyous company.
Heroes, martyrs, ' bold and gay,
Are my comrades day by day. j:
— Llppincott's.
THE READER.
1 1 1 M a very good f etyow I guess you
1 ' know,
And you are a very good fellow also.
There is nothing behind us we need re
gret,-
No slight deviation to make us fret;
We have done the thing that we meant
to do —
It is so with me and, of course, with you—
And ne'er o'er our folly or worse have
- we wept,
Except—
I am twining this laurel to place on your
brow,
And also on mine, as I may, you'll allow.
For it's pleasant to feel as we glance to
the rear
That we've walked very straight in our
journeying here; *
That, we have not departed from good
. that we know.
As do certain sinners, quite shockingly
low,
Nor seen sin triumphant the while con
science slept,
Except—
Don't think that the latter word hints' a
disgrace.
For I merely have used it to fill out the
space,
And it should be clear unto you, as to me
It bears no suggestion unpleasantly free;-
It means not a thing and it hints not at
all
Of the times when o/fr virtue has met
. with a fall, 5
No sad Intimation of lapses we've wept)
Except—
Hi dreamed that Bjones, the profession
s'. I al politician, died and ascended
+ n •*
"Sure he ascended?"
"Certainly. Why?"
"Oh, nothing, . I guess. Go on."
"Ho ascended to Heaven and—"
"Sure it was Heaven V"
"I am."
*"Not the other place?"*
"Certainly not. Why do you ask?"
"Oh. nothing— nothing." Only; don't tell
me any more of your, dream just now."
VWhy not?"
"Well, I have only, a plain, ordinary
imagination, and I do not .wish It to be
subjected to too much of a strain at one
EXCEPT —
"Well, this Is the story:
"There were two old Scotch women,
Mrs. MacWhirter and Mrs- Mcßean, who
met on the road one day, and Mrs. Mac-
Whirter says:
" 'Losh me. woman, yer far frae hama
the day.'
" 'Aye.' says Mrs. Mcßean. 'I was Just
yont at Peebles. Sanders MacNabb o*
Peebles keeps rale quid ham. Our John,
ye ken. likes a bit quid ham. and is aye
yammerin* aboot the ham bein' ower fat
and ower saut.*
" f Oor Tom,' says Mrs. MacWhirter. 'Is
the same way. There's nae pleasin' o*
him wl*,hls ham. Faith, I'll hae to gle
MacNabb a trial/
"So Mrs. MacWhirter journeys Into
Peebles, and she says to Sanders Mac-
Nabb, the grocer:
" 'Gle's a pund o' yer ham."
.'"'What -kind/ says Sanders, 'wad ye
like?"
" 'Oh, just the kind that Mrs. Mcßean
gets.' 'says the lady.
"MacNabb smiled faintly.
•• 'A' richt,' says he. 'WTiaur's yer bot-
"Peebles ham?"
"Yes, Peebles ham." said Lieutenant
Peary. "Did you never hear of Peebles
ham?
"In our dash for the pole," he said, "It
will be hot tea that we will depend on
rather than Peebles ham."
Lieutenant Peary was praising tea as a
cold weather drink, says the New York
Tribune.
"PEEBLES HAM."
Yet was there a certain unsophisti
cated chump who ventured to dispute
the proposition.
Then dirt the great, wise and talented
man uncork' all his vials of logic, argu
ment, satire, profanity and wi.s«lom and
pour the contents on the graceless head
of the unsophisticated chump.
Nevertheless, the chump still dis
puted.
Then did the great, wise andtalented
man summon all his forces of debate in
one matchless and. unanswerable argu
ment, and the chump was obliterated,
and all the "boys" said: "Bully! .Bully
for the great, wise and talented man!
His logic has won again."
For the great, wise and talented man,
Willie, had offered to bet 5100 on the
proposition.
And the unsophisticated chump had
said he didn't want to bet.
Which, of course, settled the question
at issue in favor of the great, wise and
talented man, as all the "boys" admitted.
Moral— lf anybody doubts that this is
the sdrt of logic that prevails in certain
not very limited circles, let him look
about him and listen.
ONCE upon a time, Willie, there was
a great, wise and talented man who
was an extremely able logician.
-Now it so chanced that this great,
wise and talented man maintained a
certain proposition, and he maintained
It with that remarkable skill and logic
of which he was a past master.
FABLE OF THE LOGICIAN.
The tragedies of real life hidden within
these peculiar cases, if they could but be
brought to life, would rival many of the
novels penned by the world's greatest
writers. No subject that can be imagined
has such weird fascination as that of the
thousands and thousands who have gone
down this grand canyon of oblivion.
It would be possible to flil many pages
with the absorbing stories of these curi
ous cases, but nearly every reader of the
newspapers, whether he live in village,
town or city, is probably acquainted with
some instance of the kind concerning
either friend er relative. Men and women
who have lost all they treasured most In
life in this manner go about vacantly,
numbly, ever waiting for the return of
the missing one— a dream that never
comes true.— Philadelphia Inquirer.
More than 5000 persons annually disap
pear in the United States and are never
heard from again. At flrst blush the as
sertion seems incredible, but police sta
tistics furnish confirmation. The actual
figures based on a conservative calcula
tion are even more alarming than those
given. In fact, the reports of the police
departments of the larger cities show that
in the twelve months just passed 16.00S of
the persons who disappeared during the
year were never reported as found, but
the whrewd police officers, accustomed to
the eccentricities of human nature, are
of the opinion that the return of many
thousands of thfse persons, through
shame or indifference, was never reported
at police headquarters. But even after
making allowance for this feature of the
case it is reasonably certain that more
than 5000 persons were swallowed up in
oblivion. •
THEY DROP OUT OF SIGHT.
Baseball is played on the diamond, but
that is no reason why it shouldn't also be
played on the square.— Philadelphia Led
ger.
Our success Is often due to some othar
fellow's failure.
Most of us would be out of debt If we
could only borrow enough money to
pay up.
Sometimes the man who is out for the
dust only succeeds in having a little of
It thrown in his eyes.
The fellow who runs down other people
generally manages to say a few words
to sing his own praise.
A woman is never too old to marry— lf
she has money.
You can't tell from the way a man
dresses how much he is worth. Some of
the most gorgeous flowers haven't got a
sctnt.
Girls, it is better to marry a mere man
than to cherish, an Ideal and remain an
old maid.
Every cloud may have a silver lining
but every opportunity is not golden.
Procrastination may be the thief of
time, but every .man puts off dying until
the very last minute.
The man who is always on time gener
ally has to wait for the other fellow.
- Misery loves company, and usually gets
A friend in need is one who doesn't
offer advice.
There is no fool like an educated one.
PHILOSOPHY OF A DYSPEPTIC.
It was no wonder that the young
gasped. The managing editor
had gone, leaving only the combined
poetry editor and office boy to grin at
her as she indignantly floated out of
the office.
"This one is quite different, but it
still maintains this great ttrst prin
ciple of magazine poetry. Listen:
"Bold, boding battlements aboom
By boist'rous billows boundless beat;
Bald, battered boulders blaze abloom,
But browsing billies blink and bleat.
Back by the buttress blackbirds bide.
Benign, benignant and bedight,
But bleaching bivalves bather
"Why!"
" is entitled 'The Comet.'
"A flaming sword that gleams athwart
the night,
By angels drawn to carve the cres
cent years;
A girdlo drawn round Dian's bosom
bright.
To penchant hide what otherwise ap
pears ;_
A scourge "uplifted by the rampant
gods,
' To cleave the pregnant feet of rosy
Dawn;
A prophecy that we are more than
clods
Sit still, my soul, for, 10, the sign
Is gone!
"Isn't that just too lovely for any
thing?"
"What sort of years are crescent
years?"
"Why, it's "
"And a penchant hide?"
"Why, that is "
"And why are the gods rampant?"
"Why, they "
"And what are pregnant feet?"
"That's it! You'.ve got the idea
exactly. You see that it doesn't say
nnything, and that's what makes it
magazine poetry. Now, this one "
"The poetry editor there will re
cei "
. "Oh, I . should so much sooner that
you wouid hear it. This is not ordi
nary rfewspaper poetry; it is mazagine
poetry and "
"I regret that a previous engage "
"And It will detain you but a mo
ment. The first is "
"I am sor — — "
"Kindly hand it to the poetry editor,"
said the managing editor, at the same
time designating the office boy as the
individual in question.
"I am a poetess," the. young creature
remarked as soon as she had settled her
fluffines6 in an easy chair.
"That's good," the managing editor
said. .
"Oh, then yours is one of those rare,
esthetic natures that loves poetry?"
"It isn't exactly that." the managing
editor responded, "but we have been
compelled — in self-defense, you know —
to establish a rule that poets s>hall be
thrown out immediately. Of course,
the rule does not apply to poetesses,
and that Is why I was delighted "
"Well, I am delighted, too. I have
here some little verses that I have just
dashed off and "
T^HE young creature who blew into
the office was so sweet, so riyilight
\u2666 fully, fluffy, so ethereal, that even
the time-calloused and case-hard
ened heart of the managing editor felt
a slight thrill in her presence. The
managing editor, however, took It for
indigestion, and so paid no attention
to it. •
A. J. WATERHOUSE.
Mrs. George Whittell Jr. has been
spending the week at Santa Cruz, stop
ping at the Sea Beach Hotel.
Edward M. Greenway is at Bohemian
Grove on the Russian River, having
Just arrived there from Lake Tahoe.
where he has spent several weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Meredith Sawyer are so
journing at the Geysers.
Miss Edna Davis, who has been
spending part of the summer at Car
rael-by-the-Sea. is to return home
within the next few weeks.
Miss Anna Miller Wood will be at
home next Wednesday at "Cloyne
Court," Berkeley, from 3 to 5,
. • • : : - *"^ \
The betrothal is arousing much in
terest and happy comment in the so
ciety realm, for both of the young pe°*
ple are in high standing and favor.
Mr. Sprague, father of this latest
fiancee, was the owner of sugar planta
tions In the Hawaiian Islands.
Mr. Williams is prominent in business
in this city, although born and reared
in Canada.
Miss Sprague is of a distinguished
family, being a niece of Henry and
Robert Oxnard, who are widely known
in the social and business world.
And still another engagement stares
us in the face— that of Miss Alice Maria
Spragrue and Percy Williams.
Mrs. G. Alexander Wright of Ala
meda. with her daughter. Miss Ethel
Wright, i 3 spending the summer holi
days at Hot^l La Honda at San Mateo.
Miss Wright In a student at the Uni
versity of California, and will resume
her studies at the opening of college.
Mrs. Margaret Hadley Foster of the
editorial staff of the Houston (Texas)
Post is a guest at the Nordhoff.
Outerhridge Horsey, who Is visiting
from Baltimore. Md., will be the guest
of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Martin at Bur
lingnme before returning home.
"Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard will be
at St. Dunstan's for the winter.
Miss Ruth Gedney, who has spent
much of the summer at the Bremerton
navy yard as the guest of Mrs. Douglas
Beuret. will return home during the
month.
Dr. and Mrs. Payne are living la
the new house, although all the details
are not finished.
Dr. and Mm. Clyde Payne, who hay*
recently completed a new home on
Hyde street, have returned from their
summer outing at Belvedere, where
they spent several weeks. '*
Allan St. John Bowie and Mrs. Jes
sie Bowie-Dletrlck are soon to start
for a European trip.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. Breez*
(Frances Moore> spent a few days thi3
week at the Hotel Vendome.
• • * •
Ml«w Jessie McNab is spending an
outing at Hotel Vendome. having gono
down last week.
Dr. and Mrs. C. G. Kenyon. who have
spenr the last two months at Belvedere,
are in town again and occupying their
apartments at the Pleasanton.
Secretary .nnd Mrs. Victor H. Met
calf. who wcrp guests recently of Mr.
Jind Mrs. Thomas Prather on an auto
mobile tour, stopped a few days in San
Jose and were guests at the Vendome.
• •
Bush Fennell will be host of a fish
ing and hunting party leaving next
Monday, to be gone several days along
the Sacramento River.
* • *
Among this week's sojourners at By
ron Hot Springs were Mr. and Mrs.
Giles F. Gray und Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam CJuff. —
Mr. Knight has taken his launch and
It Is in active use each afternoon about
the bay.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Mark H. Requa are
visitors at Santa Cruz.
Among: those who have secured apart
ments for the late summer at Hotel
Belvedere are Air. and Mrs. Frederick
Knight of San Francisco and Mrs. John
Bowler of Honolulu.
Occidental
Accidentals
THE SMART SET
SALLY SHARP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX JfcXACGHT • • -_•_ -_-j • .^/. Manager
rVELICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY AUGUST 12, 1905
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL. SAJTJKDAY AUGUST .12, 1905.
JEWELS OF BEAUTIFUL
COUNTESS WILL DAZZLE
SOCIETY OF LONDON
8CLEVER GIRL WHO WILL TAKE
PART IN CLAN FRASER'S CELE
BRATION TUESDAY NIGHT.
Leavfng Ran Francfico Thursday morning,
August 17. on th« California Limited, the Santa
Fe have planned to run a special excursion to
the Grand Canyon of Arizona. The. extremely
low rate of $t>s. including alt expenses of the
trip, viz: Ratlway fare, meals on dining-car
and Pullman berth going «nd returning, and
five days" stop at the new, luxurious Hotel
"El Tovar." is attracting many to this resort.
Plan to go. and see Mr. K. W. Prince, City
Ticket Agent,. C 53 Market street, at once for
particulars.. *
To Grand Canyon of Arizona, Nine Days'
Trip, §93.00.
BRAKEMAN FAIR KILLED.— John B.
Fair, a brakeman i3O years old. died in the
Southern Pacific Hospital yesterday morning
or Injuries received at San Mateo on the pre
ceding evenlnic by being run over by a car.
Both legs were crashed. Fair resided with his
wife at W3& Third street In th!s city.
The whole tone of the communication
is one of revenge for the alleged wrong
done Goebel in releasing him as head
of the. department of German. Singer
takes advantage of thf communication
to state that Dr. Jordan is unsuitable
for the position of chief executive of
Stanford, and avers that the standard
of the college has materially decreased
because o< the treatment accorded some
of thr professors in order to make room
for favorites of the president.
In conclusion. Singer, who states that
he is competent to till the chair In an
Eastern university, although still em
ployed in the Petaluma High School,
writes that the.policj pursued by the
eminent head of Stanford has made
the university the ridicule of the schol
astic world.
Charges of a startling nature are
contained in the letter to the trustees,
one being that Grtttin is incompetent to
be head of the department. Singer ac
cuses Dr." Jordan of showing a decided
partiality for Griffin, although, it Is al
leged. Griffin has never graduated from
any university, nor has he received any
tlegre«~from a college.
A communication has been sent to
the trustees of Stanford University by
Martin .Singer, A.M., berating President
Jordan for his action in installing Pro
fessor Griffin as head of the department
of German in the place of Professor
Goebf 1, deposed. Singer received th«
degree of master of arts from Stanford
in 190?. and is now instructor of mod
ern languages In the Petaluma High
School.
Martin Singer, A.M., Sends Letter to
University Tnintee* Denouncing
Action in Goebel Cnse.
FORMER STUDENT SCORES '
STAZVFORD'S PRESIDEAT
These irregularities were unearthed
by United States Secret Service Agent
Richard H. Taylor, who compelled
O'Neill and Lewin to petition for the
cancelatlon of their citizenship papers
and to surrender their licenses as
American seamen to United States
Local" Inspectors Bolles and Bulger.
John Francis Green, second officer of
the steamship Siberia, was held to an
swer yesterday by United States Com
missioner Heacock to the charge of
having fraudulently obtained his cer
tificate of naturalization. Agent Taylor
learned that Green arrived here in 1900.
and . two weeks later purchased from
William Cunningham a pretended copy
of his certificate of naturalization.
Upon this forged paper he obtained
from United States Local Inspectors
Bolles and Bulger a license as an
American mate. The license has been
revoked since Green's arrest.
The naturalization papers of Arthur
O'Neill, chief officer of the Siberia, and
Walter Lewin, a marine engineer, were
canceled yesterday by Superior Judge
Troutt on the ground that they had
been obtained fraudulently. O'Neill
took out his declaration of intention
papers in 1902, but instead of waiting
the required two years before applying:
for the final papers, accepted as re
liable the advice given him by his
friends that he was entitled to natur
alization by reason of having arrived
in the United States under the age of
18 years and having restded there con
tinuously for five succeeding years.
His witnesses to that effect before
Judge Troutt were Judge Troutt's clerk.
William J. Kennedy, and Joseph F. Sul
livan of SO9 Union street, a clerk in
the Recorder's office. Lewin secured
his naturalization on similar grounds.
His witnesses before Judge Troutt were
James McCann of 1501 Jackson street
and Thomas Finnegan of 279 Lexington
avenue. /
U. S. Secret Service Agent
Taylor Kestores Them to
the Arms of King Edward
PAPEKS ABE CANCELED
Arthur O'Neill and Walter
Lewin of Steamship Siberia
Become Britishers Again
NO LONGER ARE
THEY CITIZENS
:*: * WASHINGTON, Aug. 11. — Army or
ders: FirstJUeutenant Alvtn C. Gillem.
Fourth Cavalry, is ordered to report to
Colonel. Charles Morris, army retiring
dfflcer, i at : San_ Francisco for examina
tion, v Post Quartermaster Sergeant
Isaac Blade. Plattsburg Barracks. New
York, to be sent to Fort Gibbon, Alaska,
reporting: to. the commanding officer for
duty. Post Quartermaster Sergeant
George Wlrth, Fort Gibbon, Alaska, be
fore the close of. navigation to' be. sent
to Vancouver Barracks, reporting to the
commanding officer for duty.
ARMY*' ORDERS.
At present the. Santa Fe has a line
from Weatherford to.: Galveston. From
Texico .the trunk ; line* will follow the
Belen cut-off to Belen. thence over the
present- El, Paso line ,to Rineon. At
Whitewater, connection will be .made
with the. extension of; the Santa Fe,
Prefecott and Phoenix." now being built
by President F. M. Murphy.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 11.— The an
nouncement is made that the route for
a new trunk .line of the Santa Fe to
Galveston has been definitely decided
upon. Surveys have been completed and
the right-of-way is being obtained. The
gap to be closed is 250 miles long, over
a prairie section -almost" as flat as a
table. Active; construction will begin
in a short time..,,;. .
New Trunk Line of Road Will Extend
*.: From Los Angelea to
Galveston.
SANTA FE AN X OUNCES .
ROUTE OF THE CUT-OFF
A small and valuable picture of Franz
Hals was taken from Its frame in one
of the rooms. . of the Royal Gallery
(Mauritshuis) nl* The Hague, Holland,
on the^motning of July 7, and the Min
ister of tho Interior of The Hague is
desirous .of calling attention to the
fact. '.A'" reward oosf s 500 florins ($200)
will be given to any one returning the
picture or furnishing details which
will lead to the, finding and restoration
of it. It was painted on wood and is
nine and a half- inches long- and seven
and a half 'Inches wide, and represents
a man. half length; the body turned to
the loft, but full face. The man is
represented as wearing a cassock of
black silk, a very /large lace collar and
a hat with -a large border. The back
ground is grayish blue. All informa
tion may be addressed to the director
of the Royal Picture Gallery at \ The
Hague./^V-^i
Valued Picture Stolen In Holland.
Mrs. Chandler said Melbourne's Royal
Park covers 600 acres. In speaking ot
California as one beautiful garden Mrs.
Chandler regretted that commercialism
was sweeping the old-fashioned gar
dens away to make room for flats, a
condition that will compel lovers of
horticulture to take to window garden
ing.
A poem, "My Mother's Garden." was
read by Mrs. Hodgkins. Mrs. J. Leach
exhibited thirteen remarkable varieties
of cactus dahlia besides beautiful speci
mens of gladioli. •
The State Floral Society held a meet
ing yesterday in Elks' Hall, Sutter
street, Mrs. I* O. Hodgkins in the
chair. Mrs. Austin Sperry spoke of the
respect shown flower growers in Port
land,-where roses may bloom with im
punity and safe from being picked by
wayward vandals. The law, said Mrs.
Sperry, condemns a flower thief to pay
a penalty of $25 for each flower un-
lawfully annexed by him. -
Mrs. Hodgkins here declared that she
was no politician, but she could- but
say that if good men were at the head
of all civic affairs in San Francisco
things would be different. Men, she
held, should lay aside party feeling and
stand together, shoulder to shoulder,
for the city's welfare, and in that case
everything would be safe.
Mrs. Sperry regretted that . "com
mercialism kills the city." Justice is
what is needed, said Mrs. Sperry — equal
rights for all and privileges for none,
and then justice would be paramount.
; Mrs. W. S. Chandler read a paper on
"Ancient and Modern Gardens." Com
ing down to modern times. Mrs. Chand
ler gave a graphic picture of Kew Gar
dens near London, England, where she
said the hothouses and conservatories
are extensive, the palm house- alone be
ing 362 feet long by 100. wide and 60
feet high. The "tempered house" is
the same height and occupies three
fourths tot an acre. The gardens them
selves cover seventy-five acres and the
recreation grounds connected with
them are 240 acres in extent.
Women of State Floral So
ciety Give Vent to Patri
otic Thoughts.
GOOD MXX NEEDED
IN CIVIC AFFAIRS
If you desire a good appetite and wish
to enjoy every meal you eat, take Lash's
Kidney and Liver Bitters. ' ' "•;
REVIEWS RESTRAINING ORDER.— Judge
Murasky yesterday modified his order. Issued
on July 12, restraining the Hackmen's Local
I'nloa No. 224 from interfering with the busi
ness of P- G - Pierce, who conducts the Nevada
Stableg'at 1350 Market street. Pierce thereupon
submitted a new complaint and a new injunc
tion wa« Issued, w--.---
The official canvass of . the Board of
Election Commissioners of the vote at
the primaries was completed last night.
No changes in the count of the semi
official results were found. The offi
cial figures will be declared at a meet
ing of the board to be held on Monday
afternoon. .•« -\u25a0•\u25a0%.'£\u25a0\u25a0'
Xo Chance In Votes.
When the case of Ira P. Wilkerson,
C. A. Houston. John S. Moore and C. C.
Lee were called in Judge Cook's court
yesterday Assistant District Attorney
Ashe moved that they be dismissed on
the ground', that the evidence was in
sufficient to convict. The motion was
granted. The defendants were charged
with grand larceny in connection with
the alleged fake footrace between Bert
Campbell and D.. A. Fletcher in Golden
Gate Park on June 13, 1903. when Her
man Hrunnnuer lost $2300. Fletcher
and Campbell were each acquitted by a
jury, and, as they wero: the. principals,
it was considered Impossible to get a
jury to convict any of the. others.
WilkerMon DlMtrlinrsed.
Pictures need a tit ap well as people. Incor
rect, inartistic ideas have spoiled many good
pictures. Our fitters are brimful of good in
formation and correct conceptions concerning
frames. You better see vb — first. Sanborn -
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Fainoua Fitters.
RESTRAINS FURNITURE DRIVERS —
Judge Murjtslcy Ipsued an order yesterday re
straining the Furniture and Piano Drivers*
\u25a0Union from ar>r.oy!ng or interfering with the
tusiness of Bekins Van and Storage Company.
IX Lunges, 771 Howard street, report
ed tp tho police yesterday that^several
painter's brushes and other articles- of
the value of $10 had been stolen from
his *place on Thursday. John Baxter,
514 Pacific street, reported that a
double-barreled shotgun and ten new
freight hooks for longshoremen had
been stolen from his room. • William
Meyer, grocer, PP2 Geary street, report
ed that an atti'iTipt had neen made to
enter hia store on Thursday by break
ing: into a vacant store next door and
removing- two boards from the parti
tion between the stores. Nothing was
stolen. i~'i >"-/;\u25a0" .?!• \',
Doing* at Snr:iktliieven.
VTJIAj BLOCKADE CRAP GAMES.— Captain
Puke Jrpued an order yesterday that crap
pamee were running at 125» O'Farrell street.
Kfi'i Powell street. 121 Powell street, 133
Powell street. 105 Ellis street, and that a
blockade wcu^ be put on thee* places from
« p. m. *«eh day till 2 a. m. The policemen
<3pt«!led will be held responsible for any vio
lation ©f the law.
The Santa Fe announce another of their pop.
ular excursions to the Grand Canyon of Ari
zona, to be run from San Francisco via Cali
fornia Limited August 17. The extremely low
rate of $»;5 will be made for that date only.
This pays all c-xpenses of tne trip, including
railway fan;. Pullman berth and meals on the
dining-car going and returning, and five days
at the new luxurious hotel "El Toyar," on the
rim of the Canyon. Call on' or writs to Fred
\V. Prince, C. T. A., 053 Market street, •'
Thursday, August J7, 3 p. m. — Reception
and addressee at California building to cele
brate San Francisco day; an Ban Franciscans
axe requested to be present. No programme af
ter Thursday. Parties may return on any train
within the time limit of their tickets.
Wednesday. August Its, 7 a. m. — Arrive Poit
>&nd; 8 a. m.. take trolley cars at depot for
American Inn. exposition grounds; transfer
agent will be at train and check baggage ior
delivery at hotel from 7 to S a. m.: parties
not wishing to stay at American Inn may leave
train at any time; 0 a. m., breakfast at Amer
ican Inn; no programme for Wednesday.
Governor Pardee will call the as
semblage to order as chairman of the
day in the California State building.
President Goode of the Lewis and
Clarke Exposition will deliver the ad
dress of welcome. J. P. Currier, vice
president of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association of California,
representing the commercial organiza
tions of San Francisco, will respond to
President Goode's welcome. F. J. Kos
ter will respond to "The Benefit of This
Exposition to the Coast." Following
is the itinerary:
Monday, August 14. 7:40 p. m. — Leave San
Francisco (Ferry building), ti. P. Company.
Tuesday, August 15, 8 a. m. — Arrive Shas>ta
Springs. Train will stop at Shaeta. Springs
only t*n minutes anJ will then proceed to Mott
fetation, one mile above springs, and wait there
one hour. Parties desiring io walk one mile
tbroush the woods and take train at Mott eta
tion can rpend thirty minutes at Shasta Springs
before starting for the train: 6:.'so to 10 a. m..
breakfast In the dining-car; 11:30 to 3 p. m..
lunch in the dining car; 5 to 9 p. m., dinner
In the dlningwar.
The Sa» Francisco commercial or
ganizations promise that at least 125
persons will attend the excursion to
Portland to celebrate San Francisco
day at the exposition. Every possible
arrangement has been made for its
success.
Governor Pnrdee, as Chairman of l)aj,
Mill Call AsHemhlaee to Order
In Portland.
COMMERCIAL ORGANIZATIONS
TO GIVE FAIR EXCURSION
Los Angeles — F. P. Fay, Hotel Astor;
G. W. Foreman, St. Denis; A. H. Heber,
Holland. .
San Francisco — W. N. Mines, Astor;
C. F. yon Bergen and wife. Grand; J.
H. Dorety, Continental; Miss G. M. Hal
man, A. C. Harkins,. Hotel Victoria; W.
T. Robertson, Imperial.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— The following
Californians are in New York:
Californium* In Xfn York.
The Broommakers" Union complains
that between convict and Chinese made
brooms • the work for its members is
dull and unsatisfactory. ~ ; ,
The.bromos used on this coast come
from both' of these, sources, to the ex
clusion of the union goods. .; ;
"The following officers '.were elected
and installed by .the Glove Workers'
Union last night: President, T. I J. Ma
honey; vice president, L.S. Orcutt; re
cording and financial- secretary, George
L. - Clark ; treasurer, 1 Mrs.' ; H. " E. Darby;
executive committee— W.'.Herndon, F.
Clancy, H. Samann, J. A. Gilfeather and
George L.' Clark; guide, J. A. Gilfeather;
guardian, M. Newhouse; sergeant at
Efforts are being made by the Team
sters' Unjon to brine Bekin's Van and
Storage Company into union lines.
Members of the Hackmen's Union are
prominent factors in this movement,
with other union agitators, behind
them. . ' ' -- \u25a0
September 3 has been set by the
Journeymen Butchers' Benevolent and
Protective Association for its annual
picnic at Schuetzen Park, San Jose.
On and after to-day the painters will
avail themselves of the Saturday half
holiday, the same' as the other crafts
affiliated with the Building Trades
Council. -'-,'•\u25a0'' r>. •' :
A final boycott was declared against
the glove firm of A. Berneuer, who con
ducts business on Valencia street.;
At the last meeting of the -Laborers'
Protective Union fourteen new members
were added to the roll. This union 'will
turn out in- full force on Labor day,
headed by a band of- fourteen musicians.
The union desired its representative
to secure a prominent place in the-par
ade line from the marshal for its mem
bers. Daniel Stewart was elected to
represent the union in the executive
board of the Building Trades Council,
with which body the union is affiliated.
The Street Carmen's Union, recog
nising the ardous duties of tho mem
bers of the local police force, petitioned
the Police Commissioners to grant one
day's vacation every week in addition
to the fourteen days' vacation annually
allowed the members, of the depart
ment.
The San Francisco Labor Council at
its session last night declared inten
tions to levy a boycott against the
Standard Milk Company, .which em
bodies the California, ' Millbrae and
Guadaloupe dairies, all of which are
under the management" of the Stand
ard Company. Similar action was
taken against the. New York Soap.
Soda and Candle Company. : \u25a0'. \u25a0
Soap and Candle Company and a Glove
Factory Are Also Placed
Under Ban. * \u25a0
That $3500 snap in Mistnlon property
(2) flnti* advertised last Sunday— Sold.
Wide-awake buyers will find eaually
good Investments in next Sunday's
Realty Column*.
LABOR COUNCIL DECLARES
BOYCOTT ON MILK FIRM
Assistant City Attorney John S.
Partridge yesterday afternoon resumed
the cross-examination of Arthur Adams,
chief engineer of the Contra Costa Wa
ter Worke, In the suit of the Spring
Valley Water Company against the city
&nd county of San Francisco.
Mr. Partridge confronted the witness
with the transcript of his testimony
taken in 1901 before Superior. Judge
Hart in Oakland and called Mr. Adams'
attention to several statements made
at that time. One of these was that
the proper method of arriving at the
v»Jue of water works properties was to
: j| r the actual cost of the structural
properties and add to it the present
value of the land and the water rights.
The witness said further that he would
rot allow for depreciation for rate fix
ing purpose?, but that he would make
such allowances in case of sale, of the
works. The examination will be re
eumed on Tuesday at 2 p. m.
l.nnd and Wafer Rights.
Would Add Actual Cost of Structural
Properties to Present Value of
KNGINEER ADAMS TELLS HOW
TO APPRAISE WATER WORKS
Miss Louise IlitcHcock. 30."> San Jose
avenue, obtained a warrant from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest of
Frank Neubert. on a charge of battery.
She said she was walking along San
Jose avenue on Thusruay evening with
Mrs. Neubert. when Neubert appeared
and began to abuse his wife. Miss
Hitchcock, not "knowing who he was,
asked, "What's the matter?" She says
that Xeuhert replied, "That's what's
the matter/.! find struck her on the faco.
She Pays that Neubert's wife is suing
him for a divorce, but she did not know
that till after Neubert struck her.
Miisliniid strikes Wife's Friend.
Jose Matos, a prominent lawyer and
planter of Guatemala, who has been visit
ing this city for several months, leaves to
day for his home In the southern republic.
The following New York people are
registered at the St. Francis: Mr. and
Mrs. H. S. Manning and H. S. Manning
Jr., John H. Volhemer. Mr. and Mrs.
W. J. Simpson and son, John Styles. M.
B. Bernstein.
J. C. Stubbs. traffic manager of the
Harriman lines, and his' secretary, who
have been in the Northwest, are due to
arrive here to-day.
Antonio Carrera, a director of the Banco
Occidente of the City of Guatemala, is
paying a visit to this city and staying at
the Granada.
Dr. and Mrs. Louis T. Posey and a
party of friends of Philadelphia arrived
here yesterday and are staying at the
St. Francis.
-United States Senator Kearns of Utah
is registered at the St. Francis.
W. J. Williams, a lawyer of Los An
geles, is at the Palace. .
Judge Henry C. Gesford of Napa and
wife and dauffhter are at the Palace.
L. Lippman, a heavy buyer of cotton in
New Orleans, is registered at the Palace.
C. Henry Thompson, a well known Los
Angeles mining man, registered yesterday
at the Palace.
Since the groom's arrival a few days
ago with his two friends there has
been a number of entertainments in
honor of the bridal party. A dinner
was given by Mr. Blodgett and Mr.
Gould at the St. Francis on Wednesday
evening.
Mr. Johnstone is a well established
attorney of Chicago, where he has fur
nished a lovely home for his bride.
Attending Mr. Johnstone will be
Robert G. Gould, also of Chicago, as
best man and Thomas 11. Blodgett as
one of the ushers.
The wedding of Miss Elsie B. Leale
and Frederick Bruce Johnstone of Chi
cago will take place this, evening at
the home of the bride's parents, Cap
tain and Mrs. William C. Leale, on
Vallejo street.
The home will be filled with guests
and friends, whp are deeply interested
in the marriage of this very charming
girl. She Is extremely pretty — a demi
brunette with great soft eyes. She is
as clever as she is handsome, having
graduated from the University of Cali
fornia with the class of 1903.
Miss Leale will have Miss Helen
Leale Johnstone, a sister of the groom,
for her maid of honor, the bridesmaids
to be Miss Marian Leale, Miss Edith
Leale. Miss Grace Runyon, Miss Ethel
Banks, Miss Anita Sullivan and Miss
Marguerite Vincent.
PERSONAL.
PRETTY SAN FRANCISCO GIRL WHO WILL BECOME THE WIFE OF FRED
ERICK BRUCE JOHNSTOXE OF CHICAGO. THE MARRIAGE WILL TAKE
PLACE THIS EVENING AT THE HOME OF THE BRIDE'S PARENTS.
Humphries surrendered himself yes
terday afternoon to the United States
Marshal and will be tried for smug
gling the coal.
Jean McCorkle. an expressman,
claimed the team and wagon yester
day. He said he had left the rig at
tho ferry while he was negotiating to
take a load of furniture to Oakland and
when he returned it had disappeared.
On a former occasion his rig was stolen
nnd he got himself into trouble be
cause there was a trunk in the wagon,
which the customs authorities thought
contained, opium.
Captain F. Gray of the ship Inver
ness, lying at the Howard-street wharf,
notified Detectives Conlon and Mc-
Gowu on Thursday night that two
men had driven to the wharf with a
:• am and wagon about 6 o'clock and had
loaded the wagon with about two tons
of coal. They drove away, but he and
bia mate chased them and they jumped
off the wagon and escaped. Captain
Gray took the rig back and unloaded
the coal. The police took charge of the
i«.am and wagon. Captain Gray recog
nized one of the men as James Hum
phries, a longshoreman, who had been
employed unloading the coal from the
vessel, and yesterday morning he
swore out a warrant' before Police
Judge Conlan for Humphries' arrest on
a charge of petty larceny. The Fed
eral authorities will also take action
against Humphries and the other man
II he is found, because they attempted
to steal dutiable goods, the coal having
been brought from Australia in bond.
James Humphries, Longshoreman, and
Companion Impress Express Wagon
and Load It With Fuel.
STEALS LOAD OK COAL, AXD IS
CHAIIGED WITH SMUGGLING
The official count was proceeded with
until the Forry-third District w.as com
pleted and an adjournment was >,taken
until 8 p. m., when the count will be
completed, which the law requires shall
be done in three days after the election.
During the discussion Commissioner
Roberts said that, the election officers
had been charged with incompetency
and dereliction of duty and he insisted
that they be heard in their own de
fense. \u25a0\u25a0' When they had been heard It
was ascertained that they had faith
fully performed their duty and given
credit for . the ballots to Mauzy and
Sullivan.
• The real error was committed by the
clerks in. the official count of the. re
turns, they having neglected to muke
the change in the names in tallying
the official count as carried dfc .by. the
Election Commissioners,. Commissioner
Devoto was wroth • over . the affair,
which he designated as a tempest in a
teapot. Devoto took the opposite
ground to Wolfe before the true state
of affairs was discovered. Devoto-held
that the Election Commission could not
go behind the face of the returns and
had no right to examine the ballots
unless a court order was issued.
• As Mauzy and Sullivan were elected
on the face of the returns they will re
ceive their rcre.dentials from the com
mission.
State Senator Wolfe argued for an
hour yesterday before the Election
Commissioners that it was their duty
to declare Byron Mauzy and John J.
Sullivan elected on the Republican
League ticket as. delegates -to the
municipal convention, instead of M.
Tiedemann and Ben Abrahams, who, it
was alleged, had been credited with the
votes meant for the two first named,
owing to the alleged error of the elec
tion officers In three precincts of the
Thirty-eighth Assembly District. The
names of Tiedemann and Abrahams had
been withdrawn from the ballots and
those of 'Mauzy and Sullivan placed
thereon, but it was alleged that- the
names of Tiedemann and Abrahams ap
peared on the tally lists. This claim
proved to be an error, which was shown
after some of the election officers in
the three precincts had been examined.
They testified that the names of Mauzy
and Sullivan had been written on the
tally lists when their names were found
on the ballots and therefore the returns
showed the election of the two candi
dates.
Mauzy nnd Sullivan Declared Delegates
From Thirty-eighth District.
IVO 'ERROR COM-MITTKD.
Officials of Many States to
Complete Party Which
to Have a Special Train
Miss Wilson is very popular in Scot
tish circles in- this city and across the
bay, and is- always in demand .as a
singer. Her father. Thomas Wilson, a
well-kn^lvn member of Scottish socie
ties and financial! secretary of Clan
Fraser. is ut present in New York,
representing his clan at the Royal Clan
convention being held In that city.. '
Miss Hattie .Wilson .will, be_,leading,
lady In- the scene from "Rob Roy"" to
be played in-Native Sons' Hall by. Clari
Fraser So. 78, O. S. C, August 15. the
one hundred and thirty-fourth nnni
versary of the birth of Sir Walter
scott. v •">'-.\u25a0.'.:'
Tae Western trip of the Slate Railroad
Commissioners will be mainly for sight
seeing and pleasure, but it :s expected
that the members of the Interstate Com
11)61*06 Commission while in this city will
bold a session and listen to any griev
ances that may be presented by North
ern CaTTfori^a shippers. The California
ijiate Railroad Commission will endeavor
i" entertain the members of the commis-
FMns from other parts of the country
during the visit of the latter within. the
confines of California, and In this plan
they will l>e assisted by the Southern Pa
cific and Santa Fe roads, who will see
that the special train of the visitors is
piloted about through the valleys and
mountain regions of the State. The party
will number about 109.
Immediately after the adjournment of
their convention the Commissioners will
start West in a special train, and ex
pect to arrive In Spokane on August 21.
From there the party will go to Tacoma
and Portland, and trom the latter city
ihry will come direct to San Francisco.
Where several days will be spent before
a. visit is paid to the Yosemlte Valley.
Freight Traffic Manager Sproule of the
Southern Pacific Company has received
fedvices to the effect that the United
States Interstate Commerce Commission
and the members of the Railroad Com
missions of the various States, •who are
about to convene in annual session in
Deadwood, S. D.. will arrive in San Fran
<-;sco during the hatter part of this month.
With the party will come a number of
representative men engaged In commer
cial pursuits in the Middle and North
western States.
Clan Fraseiv Will Give Part
of Opera at Entertain
ment at Native Sons' Hall
POPULAR SCOTCH LASS
WILL HOLD A SESSION
Miss Hattie Wilson Will Ap
pear as Leading Lady in-
Scene From "Rob Roy"
Members of National Rail
road Board Coming Here
the Latter Part of Month
COMISSIONERS
TO VISIT CITY
OAKLAND GIRL
TO SING HERE
arms, F. Clancy;, sentry. .W/Hcrndon;
trustees— Mrs. T. , J.\ Mahoney, Mrs. \u25a0H.
E. Darby. ' L. S. Orcutt _:; and , , Mrs. . C
Brewer; auditing: committee-— J. .Gil
feather, L. S. Orcntt and r "Mrs. C. Brewer;
organist," Mrs. H.E. Darby.
..--.\u25a0 .\u25a0•\u25a0•--\u25a0 '.->- . \u25a0 .-'-•\u25a0\u25a0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY -AUGUST 12, 1905.
UNIVERSITY GIRL WILL MARRY
ATTORNEY OF WINDY CITY.
Bride Is the Daughter of Captain Leak
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BICH OR POOR— YOU NEED TEETB
No one, old enough to know better, shoulc
be neglectful of that most vita! and usefu'
organ of the human system — the teeth — thf
very guards to the gateway of health.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
should bo found on the toilet table cf every
one, be he rich or poor. It will not tarnish
gold work nor scratch the enamel. A per-
fect dentifrice — the one for you.
» FORM?- ""OVID, POWDER PASTS.
\u25a0\u25a0- * * :.
i|l|||| PARKER'S |!
; lllNl BALSAM ]
Promotes the growth of the balr and ! '
.'; gives It the lustre and ellKaesa of yonta. 1 !
When the I>alr 13 gray or Coded it f
BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. |
It prevents Dandruff and hair falling S
and teep3 tho scalp clean and healthy, i
loin cD'clCtfflE SICK HEADACHE.
UArLtLrto „ . „ n
\u25a0HrrriE Genuine Must Bear
gf IVER Fac-Simils Signature
SPILLS. —
DIRECTOR! OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and . Price Lists Mailed oa
" • Application.
~~~" r ~~~"~ 'OILS. :. .-
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELU3.
418 Front rt.; 8. F. Pbone Mala 1719.
PRIXTIXG.
E. C HUGHES, ; fill Sansome «.. S. F.
+. MECHANIC AND COFFEE
\u25a0 Tne Old Coffee Troubles Left When He
Quit.
"Sine* quitting cofT>e I am hearty and
\u25a0well at €3 and go to my woTk every day
and ffel stronger and better in every
way than I used to when I was consid-
erably younger.
"T am a mechanic and have been a
prrat lover of coffee sfnd usedMt all my
life until a few months ago when I
made up my mind that it was hurting
ni»f. 1 suffered from constipation, indl-
gf-ftion and kidney troubles and I used
to bloat up and have pains in my back.
"Something had to be done, and I quit
coffee, the old kind, I mean, and began
to use Postum Food Coffee. In a few
weeks I was a \u25a0well man again. My bow-
els became regular, my food, digested
comfortably, the bloating and pains in
my back no longer troubled me and my
kidneys resumed healthy, normal ac-
tion. That improved condition remains.
I am sure I owe It to Postum Coffee, for
I have used no medicines.
"I like Postum much better than the
old kind. It seems to be more satisfy-
and I and my whole family drink )t
doming, noon and night. This is my
honest statement of what Postum has
done for me." Name given by Postum
Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
There's a reason. t
Get the little book, "The Koad to
"vVellvnie," in every pkgr. J
_\u0084._, AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND SI EE u R st
Gligkman's Yiddish Players
MAT. TO-DAY. "THE GOLDEN COUNTRT."
LAST NIGHT OF
THE MERCHANT OP VENICE
To-morrow Matinee. "KOL NIDRET."
To-morrow (Sunday) Night. "BAR KOCHBA."
POSITIVELY LAST WEEK
Monday. "JEWISH HAMLET."
Tuesday. "SULAMITH."
Wednesday. "THE LITTLE RABBL"
Thursday. "JOSEPH IX EGYPT."
Friday. "THE BOWERT TRAMP."
Saturday Matinee. "RABBI OSHER. 1 *
Saturday Night. "KING SOLOMON."
.Beff. SUNDAY MATINEE, Aajs. SO
DENIS O'SULLIVAN
In ARRAH NA POGUE
SEATS READY MONDAY.
CORUSCATING~VAUDEVILLE!
COL. GASTOM BORDEVERRY;
Edmund Day and Companyi M Th«
Queen's Fan;** Smith and Campbell,
and Orphenm Motion Pictures. La-it
Times of Lea Parisiennext Patty
Brother** Mne. Cellna Bobe. ami
JAMES J. MORTON
Regular Matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c. 25c and 50c.
PHI IIBUSSIIA m w«o-s
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT ANI> SUNDAY NIGHT.
LAST THREE TIMES.
EZRA KENDALL
In Hi* Latest Laugh Launcher.
WEATHER BEATEN BENSON
Next Monday — First Time Here.
"Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch"
MADGE CARR COOKE in Her Original Kol»
of Mrs. Wlggs.
SEATS NOW READY
EVENINGS AT 8 O'CLOCK SHARP
MATINEE TO-DAY at 2 O'Clocfe Sharp
Last Weeks
Rob Roy
SUNDAY NIGHT, AUGUST 27th,
Francis Wilson's Original New York Casloo
Production of
"EItMISIE"
AS STAGED BY MAX FREEMAN.
TJSUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25c. sOc. 73c
A T P A 7 A T"> Belaaco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR i . r r <&%.
\u25a0 General Manager.
THIS WEEK ONLY — MAT. TO-DAY,
white WHITTLESEY
In Charles Dickens" Tale of Two Cities.
THE ONLY WAY
CHANGE OF PLAY WKEKLY.
Evscs. 25c tn 73c: Mats* Thurs-Sat. 25c to 3f>c.
NEXT MONDAY— MR. WHITTLESEY IS
Robert Louis Stevenson's Romance
PfcINCE OTTO
AUG. 21 — THE GREAT INTERROGA-
TION".
By Jack London and X^pr- Bageotn.
Followed. by DAVID GARRICK.
13 I iW ii rSM? MAY Eft
«v era 813 Et « flsPQera fnnps
Market Street.' Near Eighth. ..Thon* South KO.
KAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
Theodore Kelmer's Thrilling Melodrama— His
Latest Success.
No Wedding Bells for Her
Sensational Play. Found"! on th<» Great Coal
Mine Strike of Pennsylvania.
MARVELOUS SCENIC EFFECTS?
SUPRrIME SENSATIONS:
HERSCHEL MAYALL and the Entire Com-
pany
PRICES^ — Eve.. 10c to 3«H-: Mats.. We, IJo. 2.V.
NEXT— LAND OF THE MIDNIGHT %VS
HARPER, DESMOND AND BAILEY,
SGHEPPS' DOGS AND PONIES
And a .Splendid Show Every Afternoon
' and Evening In the Theater.
CHAULBS BIGNEY. Champion
Hlffh Diver.
CAKE WALK TO-NIGHT!
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN So
See Chlqultn. "the Living: Doll.** Annie
Redllne. the Plump Lady, and the
Babies In the Infant Incubator*.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
vBASBBALL!
TAGOMA vs. OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK.
FRIDAY 3:30 p. m.
SATURDAY 3 p. m.
SUNDAY 2:30 p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS*
....TU8....
Los Angeles Times
San Francisco Office
1* located In
ROOM 10, CHRONICLE BUILDING
ARTHUR L. FISH, Representative.
If you would do effective advertising
In the Southwest, drop a line to the
above address or telephone Main 1473
and our representative will be pleased
to call on you with full Information a*
to rates, etc
THE SUNDAY TIMES, with 38-pas»
magazine. $2.50 a year by malL
THE
PALACE
HOTEL
Compressed Air cleaning plaat
Room telephones
Steam beat and open nrea.
Perfect ventilation
Plpo organ and orchestra
Perfect service
Unexcelled cuislno \u25a0•
Every luxury attalnabl*Frapklr Xell at Eel River.
Frankfe Neil, the boxer, ha 3 gone to
John Day's place on Eel River tor six
weeks* flshlns; and shootinx. %
' ;\; \ In consequence of a plague of flies traf
fit on the .principal : thoroughfares lead
ing; to Cardiff : dock 3.' had to "be diverted
recently. . \u25a0 . .
L.The Chevra'Shaare Refooh, one of the
prominent Jewish, benevolent*: societies
of this city, will: have"a K ipicnic at Idora
Park. Oakland, • to-morrow. : : "
Clievra ' Sbnnre * Refooli.
The Malay States produce about seven
«#"•»<« of the world's supply of tin. -
1 Kver considered the «i>l<-mlii! r.v aer
vl<"»», ' ellinntie ml vantages of ; the • Rich
mond District?.- Exceptional -offers to
honie-strekm iln >Suu«!ny'« Hen! E.xtatiw
folumuM. . ':. : • \ . \u25a0..--, '
.Several committees of the Grand Jury
met yesterday, in the Cjty. Hall/to check
over the reports of their, investigations.
A riieeting of ;the -Grand Jury has been
called /for "• next > Monday, 'at; 2 .Vclock,.
when the reports will be^ gone,, over
again: ; It -is, understood .that they" will
not- be made ! public'; until next Saturday,*
when : : ; the --inquisitorial body Twill , be
Grand Jury Jto ;,Meet '. Monday.
burgee! The sloop : Aeolus was built
by Frank' Stone \u25a0 at'.Tiburon \u25a0•md.'has
won more prizes than any* yacht on the
bay, among them : being' three '-"out of
five of the i s2so. ; Macdonough cups, a
Native Sons' trophy.' and the San Fran
cisco Perpetual Challenge cup in two
annual races. - The fast sloop -has been
on almost every cruise made by the
Corinthians \u25a0 for several ; years • and" is
as well known, as any craft Hn" the" bay.
Her .former,.. owners -.intend ; to build: a
large cruising, yacht.
The most important development ln the
Britt-N'elson fight yesterday was the sug
gestion.of Jim -Jeffries for referee. He is
known to be on friendly terms with both
boys and would be a just official. His se
lection would do : more to give absolute
confidence to all " interested in . the fight
than any, other act. There would be no
room for any one. to claim that the ref
eree had been approached, as no one
would be. brave enough "to discuss such a
matter with the king of heavy-weights.
Jeffries acquitted himself creditably in
the finish fight between Hart and Root
at Reno on July 3.' The forthcoming bat
tle will be fought under almost identical
conditions. ; . • \u25a0 ' ' \u25a0
Big Fellow Is Said to Be Ac
ceptable to Both the
Principals.
.JEFF MAY \u25a0BEPBREB
.BBITT-NELSON' BOUT
*to ..the schedule for J the
singles tournament now.ln progress, the
\u25a0Four, matches .have- been \u25a0 placed to
date -in the tournament for: the Lawson
trophy for>men,of7o: years: -G.iC. Pat{,
ters6n\;has"; figured ,\u25a0 in 1 \u25a0 two .of -'' these
matches and ,has won 'both. 'He .first
def eatedrA^H.'' McDonald and later. dis-"
posed of J.\MA Duncan./:] A: -H-vMcDonald
has won. one match ,f rom'Samuel Irving,
while rAhdrew '.Foreman disposed :of J.
M: ; Duncan^ : ',' '!'..> "• ;/-;.\u25a0 '\u25a0 ,- \u25a0\u25a0'-'\u25a0'•'\u25a0 ..-':'
The gentle art. of Scottish bowling
has taken a firm hold in this city. The
Park Commissioners in following out
their beneficent policy of encouraging
all healthful outdoor sports and
pastimes have provided a picturesque
green for the devotees of bowling. This
is thronged on Saturdays and holidays,'
when.a|large and an interested gallery
watches, the play. Youth and old age
meet on. an equality in this competi
tion and the rivalry Is of the friendliest j
character. ' .
.When the San '- Francisco Scottish
Bowling . Club was formed some three
'years ago , there were -but few
names on ' the /membership list. The
popularity of the; game soon became
apparent," however, and new >j members
were coming in ;In a short
time a tournament was arranged. -After
many weeks-of j-play Maxwell L. Crowe |
proved the winner. . j
Once or. twice -each year since that
first, event was completed other tourna
ments have been ! held. , Crowe held his
titled one year, when ; he surrendered it,
to :.Y. C. Lawson, , who sin turn -held ,it
a year. v Mr. , Lawson's successor .was
J. C. Moffat,: who won -the "biggest
tournament ever held by the club. The
entire membership 'was Included; in the
entry : list.*- This ; brought- -'out ninety
four players. --\u25a0 This tournament contin
ued/for.; many.- months and although Mr.
Moltat ; :.had,; some r close"; calls he always
managed, to twin rout. r , Mr. jMoftat" met
defeat in the - tournament which was
drawn up on the completion of' this
event. ; He \ won matches. -but
the -championship finally' went to >Dr.'
Hamilton, who holds it at the present
time. .-: ':•.; - • ," £>; - ' .' '. '-»•; -\u0084'\u25a0•'.
- In the upper half of the semi-finals
Maxwell L. Crowe will meet A. A. Mc-
Vlcar and in the lower half J. C. Moffat
will meet the winner of the William
Watson-E. C. Medau match. The win
ner of the final match, which is sched
uled for next Saturday, will be the
fifth champion of the green.
semi-final round should be completed
by to-day's play.
The players who still remain to com
pete are: Maxwell L. Crowe, A. A. SIo-
Vicar, J. C. Moffat, William Watson and
E. C. Medau.
, MEMBERS OF THE SCOTTISH BOWLING CLUB WHO ARE ENTHUSIASTIC IN
THE ANCIENT PASTIME AND WHO ARE REGULAR PARTICIPANTS IN
COMPETITIONS ON THE PICTURESQUE GREEN IN GOLDEN GATE PARK.
This- has -been an- excellent season ; for
trolling on Lake Tahoe, some unusually
large trout being; taken. -J.-"
The striped, bass : fishermen are having
good sport on the San Antonenear Peta
luma. A. J. Little took, respectively, six,
eight and nine; fljh in three days. The
largest weighed twelve pounds. Another
fisherman took twelve bass on Tuesday
ranging in weight from six to fourteen
pounds.
Abe Banker, Frank Dolliver,_iC. Lan
d ress and ' C. " Lynn took j twelve bass on
San j Leandro j Bay recently. The largest
weighed ten pounds." The best results are
obtained on the '\u25a0- second tide when It is
flooding.- -\u25a0 -• :\u25a0'\u25a0:-..-;: \u25a0'\u25a0: -..-; • :-' ;; ;^*V; \u25a0 '\u25a0• \u25a0 :;'.'--.-.;: ;'.'--.-. ; .
- The fishing continues excellent on the
Feather River and at the Big Springs.
Grasshoppers are plentiful, so the anglers
are using the March brown fly, which is
an imitation of the 'hopper. -
The fly-fishing, has been, only fair in the
upper Sacramento on account of the
heavy run of salmon going up to spawn.
Those who will use salmon ( roe are as
sured of good catches.
Sam Wells and wife have returned from
their second trip to Big Meadows this
year. \u25a0 . C"S^u '• \ ' \u25a0
The trout fishing season shows no signs
of being on the wane, the big streams
still providing the best sport enjoyed in
years. <The fishing fell off for a time on
the Truckee River, as repairs were being
made on the dam at Prosser Creek. These
have been completed and the water is
again running clear. The fishing at Verdi
ard Floristan is reported all right.
Jeff Wells, Del Fountain, and E. Doug
lass are still at Boca. The best flics on
the Truckee are the red spinner, blue bot
tle, blue upright, caddis, cahill and shone.
Paper Mill Creek has been deserted for
the present by the regular fishermen and
ia given over to the campers. Next month
these will have left and the water will be
cooler. The fishermen will then get good
catches.
-Class- reserve— Gold Chain, L L C, Hudson,
Full Moon, Pasha Plfasant, Northern Flyer,'
Real Pasha,- Gambit, Agile Spurt, Pomona,'
Mavis' Clair, \u25a0 Renegade Apache. .
Three \u25a0 stakes will form the card for
to-day ..and v to-morrow at , Ingleside
Park. "The open stake will.be run Ln
its entirety to-day. The likely winners:
Champion Ftake — Quita, Reckless Acrobat,
Sampler, ; Friendless . -.-. Boy, •-.; Princess : Savoy,
Judge Dean, Foxhunter. Race King, -t
Reserve staks — Cubanola.V.Butte . City, Our
Motto, Miss Domestic, ; Choo Choo, Galveston.'
My : Surprise, Daisy '; Rocket, Kdenvale, Belle
Marie,. Capital Lady.vLlttle Plunger,; May S,
Aliae ,Dunn, - Conroy, Doc \u25a0> Burns, Rapid jWa
ter, Vina. For Gold,' Prometheua, Mellinwood,
Badly U.«ed, The Earl, Loretta. • ,;
• -Open stcke— Belmont; '. Golden. Buck,' Fortu
nate Dawn, Belle Rocker.; Fontenoy, ; Commer
cial Traveler, " Lady ; Honesty,; Pyro, -. Hermit,
Runaway Actress, ' Pretty Polly, > Evea G, rAg
gie- Rocker, E%il Eye, -v Doretta, \u25a0': Honest- Girl;
Sir Winton, Icellus, \u25a0 Black Pearl,- Royal i Spir
it, Peerless-Beauty, Miss Brewer,' Sunnybrook,
Sunny Shore. Lucky Shamrock, -Crazy ., Jane,
Reckless :Rcf-e. . ; - .': .. ;•„ _"\u25a0._• : .' : . .\u25a0
Owing to the strength of the hares
the coursing is back again to its for
mer standard. Stamina counts as much
as speed and the trials are much more
satisfactory.
L. Lagoinarsino, who has managed a
powerful kennel «for some years, has
been appointed superintendent of Ingle
side Coursing Park.
The feature of the card to-morrow at
Union Park' will be the series of trials
between the greyhounds Richard Anton
and Mr. Zignego. The former has. the
speed of the pair, but the Stockton dog
is always trying. Full Moon will start
in the class reserve event. The likely
winners: \u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0 ,;";_*
Reserve stake— Four Paw, Barney Re y, Ina
Cissus, Muggsy,' Young Kerry Pippin, Fetter
less, Young Johnny Rex, ' Miss, . Brummel,
Black Coon, Bon Ami,-: Young Tommy K. /The
Mist, Tralee .Girl,' Happy Lad, \u25a0 Glaucus, Ennls,
Wild Belle, JR, Jim Lamb, Sea Lion, Angus
Cissus, Matchless Beauty,* Terra "Cotta, teher
man, Wild Gus, Crawford- Belle, Golden Gar
ter, Ruby • Sankey, Rowena : Belle, ' Bartagis,
Frisco Lad, Orsina. '.
From present 'indications the' Cali
fornia Futurity for greyhounds will be
of unusually high class this year.' T.
J. Cronin, James Sweeney, G. H. Bert
ram of Fresno, Eugene Geary and many
other owners have already shown some
high class puppies. They -are " being
given practical. . experience in open
stakes, where they "are showing to ad
vantage. .
YOUNG HOUNDS
ARE PROMISING
An attempt was made -last Sunday to
hold the annual contest for the Wallace
trophy, but on account' of the light
breeze, none of the yachts of. the' Cal
ifornia fleet was able to finish within
the time limit of four hours. Thd start
from the Alameda mole "was at 1:40
p. m., but Commodore Vincent's "yawl
lola and the. yawl Gypsle were unable
to beat the flood-tide and get across the
line. J. J.. Sherry's sloop Perhaps was
first across, being followed three min
utes later by George Miller's sloop
Alert. On the beat out to Presidio
shoal buoy the Perhaps gained, a lead,
but when the breeze died out she was
caught by the Alert. Off the ferry
slips the channel breeze sent tho boats
along at a good rate and-the'twocom
pctitors finished, half a minute apart;
but 50 -minutes after .the' time 'limit
had expired. B.McMauus; performed
the duties of the regatta "committee.
Arrangements will be "made, to sail for
the trophy s on another Sunday. ;'
Carl Westerfeldand-R.H. Morrow,
have sold" the j sloop' Aeolus. tO:Dr. L.-L.
Dunbar, who. will • fly the Corinthian
Commodore Charles Stewart's sloop
Beatrice has been up on the "ways"
recently, a teredo having bored into
her centerboard case. She, is in com
mission, again, looking as. trim as she
did at the opening of the- season. I. F.
Chapman has chartered the sloop Hazel
S. . \„. . \u25a0.. \u25a0 . •\u25a0'\u25a0U r; *
On September 9 the Encinal Yacht
Club and the Oakland Canoe Club will
hold a Joint race for a. cup prosented
by Julius Landsberger, the course be
ing from the Encinal anchorage off the
Alameda shore to the entrance of Oak
land Creek and up the estuary, finish
ing, off the quarters of the California
Yacht Club. ' -- * v;
A contest for racing canoes will be
held to-morrow over the usual creek
course. <
The Corinthians start to-day on their
annual cruise up the Sacramento River.
Commodore T. Jennings In the sloop
Speedwell will be accompanied by Vice
Commodore J. C. Brickell in the sloop
Genesta and .by ex-Commodore J. W.
Pew in the yawl Truant. Bush Fen
nell's launch and John Bach's motor
boat will accompany the yachts. Army
Point is the rendezvous for to-night,
after which the fleet will cruise by easy
stages to Courtland, returning to Tibu
ron on Sunday, the 20th inst.
Since the Columbia Rowing Club,
which had left its boathouse on Sessions
Basin, East Oakland, went out of exis
tence, the Oakland Caqoe Club has
gained eight or nine new members and
is displaying considerable activity. A
new flat-bottomed boat, with a center
board and cockpit, and rigged in an
unusual manner, has been brought' from
the St. Lawrence River, where she was
accepted by the American Canoe Asso
ciation as eligible in canoe races. It
is expected E. C. Bain will" buy her, in
which case Henry Dieckmann Jr. will
have a replica of her built here. A
new element of Interest will thus be
added to the races held by the Oakland
canoeists.
the anchorages in the upper bay. The
Sausalito yachtsmen will spend the
night near the drawbridge and will, re
turn to-morrow.
ANGLERS FIND
GOOD FISHING
the Los Angeles Country Club for the
southern group, on Wednesday, the
16th inst. Miss Florence Clayton of the
Linda Vista Golf Club will receive the
entries of players in the northern i
group. The train leaving San Francis-^
co at 8 a. m. on Wednesday will be mfc^
at San Jose by a bus, which will taks
players and guests to the clubhouse.
As soon as the newly organized Pre
sidio Golf Club has furnished the club
house and put the surrounding: grounds
In order a formal house warming and
an opening tournament will be held.
William J. Bradley, who Is an expert
golfer and also a maker and repairer
ox golf clubs, will have charge of th«
links. Mrs. Bradley will look after the
clubhouse and the service of refresh
ments. They will reside in the club
house. W. J. Bradley was for some
time instructor at the Sacramento Golf
Club.
Each "regular" member and mem
ber of the ladies' annex will bo
supplied with one locker In the club
house free of charge and additional
lockers can be obtained at a charge of
$3 a year. For the present "regular"
members pay dues of $5 per month, but
it is believed this amount will be re
duced as soon as the "regular" mem
bers number 100. The young peopla
(under the age of 21) of a member's
household may be elected to the Junior
Annex and may use the clubhouse and
course under the restrictions Imposed
by the council.
Golf week at Del Monte will be from
September 4 to 9 inclusive. The pro
gramme includes handicap competitions
for the Del Monte cup for men and for
the Del Monte cup for women, mixed
foursomes, a consolation handicap for
men who did not reach the final round
of the cup contest and a similar event
for women. The following schedule of
play has been prepared:
Monday, Septemb«r 4; 9:30> a. in. — D«J
Mont» cup *or men. Open to all arnat«s»rsk
qualifying round over thirty-six holes, be»l^
sixteen scorers qualify: first eUnteen holes. '
2 p. m. — Qualifying round, second eighteen
holes. . . • - \u25a0
Tuesday, September 5: 9:30 a. na. — Del
Monte cup for men. Flr^t match round,
over eighteen holes, with handicap.
2 p. m. — I>el Monte cup for women. Quali
fying round, over eighteen holes, medal play;
best eight qualify.
2:30 p. m. — Del Monte cup for men. Sec
ond match round, over eighteen holes, witi
handicap.
Wednesday. September 6: 9:30 a. m. — De!
Monte cup for men.» Seml-flr.al round, over
eighteen holes, with handicap.
10 a. m. — Del Monte cup for women. First
match play round, over eighteen holes, with
handicap.
Thursday. September 7: 9:30 a. m.— l>!
Monte cup for men. Final round, first eight
een holes, with handicap.
10 a. m. — D*l Monte- cup for women. Sec
ond match play round, over eighteen lioles.
with handicap.
2 p. m. — Del Monte crip for men. Final
round, second eighteen holes, with handicap.
Friday. September 8: 9::«> a. m.— Del Mome
cup for women. Final round, over eighteen
hoTes. match piay. with handicap.
2 d. m. — Mixed foursomes, iver e.'smcv-n
holes, medal play.
Saturday, September !>: 9:30 a. m.—con
solation event for men WVO Ctd not reaoh trie
i final round of the cup competition. Tnirty
| six hole handicap, medal play; first eistueen
I holes.
10'a.m.— Consolation event for women wno
did not reach the ttnal round of the cup cotj
> jxtltlon. Handicap over eighteen holes, mi-dal ,
! play. '<f
t, 2 p.. m.— Consolation event for men; second J
' I ttehtcen holes., r... , .
' .Ties to be settled ever eighteen holes tte
I fu'l-jwlrg day.
There is considerable speculation among
the park players as to how some of them
wi!J be classed. The first class cup has
been played for but once and is at pres
ent in the possession of Fred Adams, who
won it In June. The second class trophy
was won last by Horace Mann on July
17, 1904. It was won by A. H. Brabant
on May 15. 1904; F. N. Baker. March |
20, 1904, and by N. W. Ambrose, Novem
ber 22, 1903. In the last class-singles
event held in June the second class trophy
was not played for, as the first and sec
ond classes were combined and played for
the first class trophy.
G. M. Guerin has possession of the third
class cup which he won on June 4 of :
this year. M. Long won it July 24, 1904, :
Fred Adams on May 22, 1904, and R. F.
Drolla on March 20, 1904. These players
have all showed enough improvement |
during the past year to warrant their
competing in the first division.
The fourth class cup has been won only
three times. W. L. Howell Is the holder
as the result of his victory In the tourna
ment last June. N. H. Martin won It
November 27 of last year and Harold
Gets July 24 of last year. These three
will probably be seen in the third class In
to-morrow's events. Play will be called
promptly at 9 o'clock and as usual In
these events the preliminary round
matches will consist of best two out of
three sets. The finals of each class will
be three out of five.
The tournament at the California
Club will b« the fifth for the directors'
cups at handicap doubles. W. G. Knowl
tcn and Major Ducat are the holders, but ,
they hare decided not to play together In
this event. Major Ducat will have Blais
dell for a partner, but Knowlton has not
yet decided with whom he will play.
The other teams that have won the cups
once are: George Janes and Herbert
Long, Herbert Schmidt and Harry Rolfe,
and Carl Gardner and Melville Long.
These will probably all be seen In .to
morrow's tourney. ; 'S.
The entries for this event will not close
until 10 a. m. to-morrow, when the draw
ings will be held.
At the request of a number of the
players of the California Club the tour
nament committee has decided to hold a
class singles tournament for all four
classes on the club courts next Sunday,
lintries will close Saturday afternoon and
must be made personally at the club or
by letter. , , . .
Three of the trophies to be contested for
have been won once, the other is new.
Herbert Long holds the first class cup.
The one for the second class players was
not contested for on the occasion of the
last class singles, as there were no entries
received. Moulton Warner is the holder
of the third class cup, while Ed Bacon
won the one for fourth class players.
The tournament committee will be care
ful with the classification of the entries
and it seems likely there will be few
cbangfS made for the coming event.
With all of these turnaments to be con
tested within the next few days some
pood results should be brought about :n
the coast championship events, which are
only two weeks off. There lit etlll some
doubt as to whether any of the Southern
Oaliforr.ia men will be here to compete.
AH the Sutton sisters will be here.
' The followers of the game are anxious
to see Miss May Sutton in action, again
and the result will probably be that the
grand stands at San Rafael will not begin
to accommodate the crowds. May will
defend the single championship title
ajrainst the winner of the ladles tourna
ment and she will also be seen in the
mixed double events. The little Califor
nia girl is the first American to invade
England nnd carry off one of its ttnnis
championships.
\u25a0 On the courts of the Golden Gate Ten
nis Club at the park to-morrow there
will be a class singles tournament for
four classes of players. At the Califor
nia Tennis Club there will be a handi
cap doubles tournament for the directors'
three-time- cups. These two events will
serve to make the day a busy one for the
followers of the pastime.
The affair at the public courts is nat
urally creating the most Interest, as the
entry list will include the names of al
most every member of the club. What
makes it the more interesting is the fact
that the players will be re-classified for
the event. The club will hold a meeting
to-night for this purpose and also to hold
the drawings.
The fleet of* the San Francisco Yacht
Club will cruise up to Petaluma draw
bridge this afternoon and evening. The
tide turns to flood at 3:09 p. m. at Fort
Point, so it serves well to reach any of
Miss 3lay Sutton Will Be
the Central Figure in
the Annual Tournament
Swift Sloop Has Won More
Trophies Than Any Boat
on Bay of San Francisco
The fourth regular tournament of th«
California Women Golfers* Association
will be held on the links of the Linda
Vista Golf Club. San Jose, for the
northern group, anil on the course of
Presidio Club Will Hold
Housewarming and Con
test h\ a Little' AVhile
COAST CHAMPIONSHIP
AEOLUS HAS NEW OWNER
ON LINDA VISTA LINKS
Both the California Club
and the Park Enthusiasts
Have Biff Programmes
Cortintliian Yacht* . Start
on Their Annual Cruise
Up the Sacramento Biver
Tournament of California
Women Golfers' Associa
tion Occurs Wednesday
TENNIS PLAY
IS STRENUOUS
AMATEURS SAIL
TO DRAWBRIDGE
GOLFING GIRLS
PLAN CONTEST
PICTURESQUE GREEN IN THE PARK
IS THRONGED WITH PLAYERS.
Gentle Scottish Pastime Attracts People of All Ages Who Meet
1 On 'an'. ;Eqttality iii r TPhis Competition. - .y-
I SPORTS
BOWLING DRAWS MANY DEVOTEES
THE SAN FRANCISCO -.CALi:, SATURDAY 'AUGUST. 12., 1905.
10Steady Hammering Doea the Work for
HELENA, Mont., Aug. 11.—Impris
oned for. two hours in an Ice tomb In
the SperryVGlacier," north of Lake Mc-
Donald 'in Northern Montana, after fall
ing through ~a;crevasse that. had been
weakened by .the , hot weath
er, was 'the terrible experience of Mrs.
A. M. Burt of' Jamestown,; N. D. She
was a member, of a party of sightseers
from Ithe Montana biological station at
Big Fork, who are crossing, the glacier.
Mrs. Burt was; rescued by ropes after
hard work. >
Imprisoned In uu Ice Tomb.
McCormick landed a light left to the wind
and they clinched. They exchanged light lefts
to the r face. - Ruhlin rushed: his- man to the
ropes r but did not - land \u25a0 effectively. ; ' MeCor
mick slipped to: the floor In ducking* a \u25a0 hard
swing.- They clinched .-with no damage. Gus
landed a hard uppercut ' to the wind. McCor
mlck reached the. head .with, a; hard 'right and
received a stiff left'to the body In return.: Tn
Ruhlin \u25a0 forced' the; fighting and crushed his
mar. around the .ring. : McCormick was short
with a straight 'left , for r the . wind and re
ceived'a hard right to the Jaw. They missed
hard ' right - swings and ; came to a clinch. \u25a0 In
the breakaway Gus landed a hard left on the
jaw..; The. bell found the m*n sparring in the
center of the r!ne. - It was very, tame so far.
(Third Round. .'.
They spar for an opening. Ruhlin missed
a hard right and was countered . with a .light
left to the- body.. Ruhlin rushed- his man to
the . . ropes and , McCormipk - dropped -. to ' his
knees to get * out -of a close corner. ..' Ruhlin
landed al-,a 1 -, stiff -right 'and left .to the .body
McCormick reached the wind with a hard left.
McCormick was \u25a0 short with two hard lefts.
Ruhlin rushed McCormick to his corner and
landed three stiff rights at the bell. Not
much fighting, but it was Ruhlin's round.
. Second- Round. .
First I Round.
The following is a. graphic descrip
tion of the fight bjt rounds:
Following l» n Description of How <he
Content Wan "Won. .
ANGELS DEFEAT PORTLAND.
Two-base hits— Blankenship, Shields. Home
run — Waldron. Double play — Gochnauer to
Wheeler to Nealon. Sacrifice hit — Wheeler.
Stolen bates — Wheeler, Irwin. Nealon Frlck
Struck out— By Shields 5, by Miller 2. by
Whalen 5. Bases on balls — Off Shields S oft
Miller 2. oft* Whalen 2. Hit by pitched ball —
Kar.e. Left on bases — Seattle C. San Fran
cisco 8. Time of same — 1:50. Umpire — Pertne
I)>nlngs pitched — By Shields 5, hits 3. runs 0;
by Miller 4. hits 1. no runs. ;•>
THK FIGHT BY ROUNDS.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 11. — The con
vention this afternoon of t the Brother
hood of Teamsters was the stormiest in
the history, of the union.- Physical vio
lence was , several times narrowly
averted. Nothing was accomplished
and the convention was adjourned until
to-morrow in. order to let the delegates
coal .down. , .The, disorder, -was . the re
sult of a motion made by G. W. Briggs
to indorse the Chicago strike! As soon
as the motion was made.there was an
uproar. Men in all parts of the hall
began shouting and shook their fists at
one apother.. For; a moment it looked
as- though there would be: a clash,. but
President Shea by the vigorous use of
his gavel brought a semblance of order.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Teleip-aph.
KIrM mce — Ilermitaße, Speedway,
Sufficiency.
Second race— Sea Ilorae 11, Colt en
try. Gold Van.
Third race — Whitney entry, Sandy D,
Mohawk 11.
Fourth race— Synonby, Olneaa, Prince
Hamburg. . .
Fifth race — Old England, Ralbert,
Saladin. ;i;;"
Sixth race — Councilman, Aeronaut,
Dreamer.
Lisht rain. .Track crood. .
."Oh, God! I wanted him to wear my
holy saint locket, but he wouldn't do It
and if he had won this fight he was
promised a match" with Marvin Hart. *
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., Aug. 11. —
Miss Louise Levy, daughter of the cor
netlst, Jules Levy, deceased, fainted to
night when' the defeat of James' Mc-
Cormick, prizefighter, was announced.
Jules Levy died eighteen month' 3 ago
and since that time his widow and
daughter have taken to the stage. Mrs.
and Miss Levy are on the Crystal Cir
cuit and appeared to-night in the Victor
play-house. After finishing their turn
the mother and daughter came to Crip
ple Creek and waited in the Western
Union office to hear the result of the
fight at Colma, CaL.'between Gus Ruh
lin and McCormick. .
The flash came and when tho oper
ator announced that McCorraick had
met defeat in the eighteenth round illss
Levy fell to the floor. After a few
minvtes she was revived and In com
pr.ny with her mother walked down
tt>e street, crying as though her heart
would break.. Between sobs and »igh»
slie told The Call representativj that
she was engaged to be married to Mc-
Coimick. 'She said:
News of McCormlek's Defeat Deeply
' r-i'ir -i'i Affect* His Betrothed.
Arrangement .for special dinner par
ties may be made by telephone, and
those coming by trains will bo met at
depot by our carriages If desired. First
car to Cabin, 6 a. m.; first car to city.
5:45 a. m.; last car io cabin. 11:30 p. m.;
last car to city. 12:15 a. m. Taka Baa
Mateo car leaving: Fifth and Market
streets every thirty minutes. TaJ. Uncle
Tom's Cabin. - >;- ' ••
The hotel rebuilt and. refurnished,
with public and private dining-rooms.
single or en suite. A flrst-class cuisine
and a well-stocked bar will be ready to
serve at all hours of the day or night
the very best the market affords at city
prices.
The United Railroads* electric cars
stop close to our doors, at the Uncle
Tom Cabin station. To those driving
either horses or automobiles the Mis
sion or county roads will lead you to
our. gate.
Announcement.
Uncle Tom's Cabin (14-Mlla House)
and park ot thirty acres has be«n
bought by Harry E. Corbett and An
drew J. Buerk, and on August. 13 will
be open under -. tha management of
"Andy." for many years at the CHffl
House. •.*•" \u25a0'•:';
FALLS IX A DEAD FAIXT.
Members Become Excited and
G eneral Row Is Narrow
ly Averted.!
TEAMSTEKS' SESSION <
PROVES STOIiMY Ox\ T E
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race—Four Leaf C, Showman,
Little Boy.
Second race — Marvel P, Colonel
Bronston, Arconprlug.
Third race—Derry, Depends, Ink. - -
Fourth race—Columbia Girl, Mar
shal >"ey, Ben Fonso. • \u0084 ...
Fifth race—Toting entry, Mn, Frank
Foster, True Wing. !
Sixth race—Arrahgoiran, Marie' Al
gol, Dorothy Dodd. .'
Seventh race-— $am Parmcr, Trenct
the Mere, Gearholm. -
Weather cloudy. Track heavy. '
was given the high one that pretty I
nearly cracked his bat. Spies imme
diately accused Tozler of not respond
ing to his signal. Tozler retorted
vigorously and language was used un- 1
til Dillon cut In and sent Spies to the
bench. The score:' \u25a0 |
PORTLAND. ' I
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E. %,
Atz, ss 4 1 2 2 7 0
Van Buren. cf... 2 1 0 1 1 0
Fleming, If 4 .0 0 1 Oo
Mitchell, lb 4 1 2 12 I 0
Schlafley. 2b 3 0 0 1 2 0
Householder, rf- 4 0 2 2 0 1
McLean, c ...' 4 0 0"5 .0 0
Hoffman, 8b 4 0 1 3 2 0
Corbett, p. 3 0 0 0 2 0
Totals ...32 3 7 27 Is --1
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Bernard, cf 4 1 2 4 0 0
Flood, 2b .............. n 1 2 12 0
Smith. Sb ...: .. 4 1 2 4 10
Dillon, lb 3 0 0.-9 0 o|
Braehear. ss. 4 1 2 1 6 0 1
Cravath, rf 4 1 2 2 0 010 1
Ross, If ............... 4 0 0 3 0 0
Spies, c. . i 2 0 1:3 00
Eagar, c. .'...' 2 0 2 0 1 ,0
Tozler, p 4 0 0 0 00
T0ta15'..........'... 36 5 13 27 To' ~0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Anreles .... 0 2 0 0 2 0 0 1 o—s
Base hits 13 0 1 3 0.2 2 I—l 3
Portland ... 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 y 0— 3
Base hits.,... 02 100 210 I—7
SUMMARY.
Struck out— By Ccrbett 4. by Tozier' :».
Baser on balls—Off Corbett 1, . oft: Tozier.; 2.
Two-base- hits —Breushear, • Bernard,^ Eagar.
Three-base hit* —Cravath. : Home run —Mitch
ell. ' Double plays—Atz" to • Mitchell. Brashear
to Dillon. • Left on basee —Portland 5,; Los An
gelets 6. \u25a0 Sacraflce hit—Dillon. : Stolen'bases —
BtrnanJ. Flood,. Householder. : Hit by pitched
ball —Van . Baren. /Time of ': game —One .hour
B.n<l thirty-five minutes.' UniDire —Davis.
FOIIT ERIE SELECTIONS.
Shields Rrsponnible <or Victory ot the
\u25a0 San Francisco Team.
SEATTLE. Aug. 11.— It was all the
fault of Shields to-day that Seattle
vent down to defeat. He was wild in
every move and it proved an easy game
for the Seals. In the five Innings he
pitched he walked eight men and
fumbled a bunt at a critical time. The
visitors got four runs on one hit in
the fifth inning and after that they
were safe, for Whale pitched good ball,
and he was given magnificent support,
especially by Hildebrand. who pulled
down long drives that would have been
good for extra bases.
The deluge and the finish of Shields
came in thr fifth inning, whe-n he I
walked Spencer and Waldron and
fumbled a bunt by Wheeler. With the
bases full and none out, Hildebrand
' F«mt out a line shot that Shields
knocked down with »ne hand and re
tired Spencer at the plate. Blanken
p.ship whipped the bill to first for a
[ double play, but Frary dropped It.
AValdron took a long chance and slid
to the plate. Perlne said he was safe,
though it was close. Irwln hit to Russ
Hall, who threw to the plate, but Per-!
lne said Wheeler slid under Blanken-
Fhip. Then Xealon cracked out a
beauty to center and two more runs
' came home. Score:
AB. R. BH PO A B
TVa!tefT. rf 4 0 0' Oo" 6
Kane. 2b ...3,1 2 0 0 0
B!Brkenfhlp. c 4 0 2 8 '4' 0
Hart, cf X 0 1 3 0 0
Prick. 2* 3 0 0 3 1' \u25a0*\u25a0 O
Kcutx. if 4 00 2 0 0
Krary. lh 4 0 0 "H • 0 1
P. Hall, fs ...4 0 1 2 5 0
6hlHds p : 2 '2 1 0 2 1
Miller, p...... 1 0 0 1 ( 1 0
Totals ••'• 3J 3 7 27 12 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. n. BH. PO. A. E.
Spencer, rf 3 0 0 0 0 0
WaliJron. cf .'...4 2 1 3 1 0
TChitlc-r. 2b 4 2 1 2 2 1
Kildebrand. If * 1 1 4 0 0
Irwln. :ib 4 10 1 1 0
NeaJon. lb 2 0 1 fi 0 .0
O'ohnauer, si 3 «» O fl 3 0
Khea. c •*? 0 0 fl 1 1
X ' RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS,
rgeaule 0 0 2 0 10 0 0 o—30 — 3
Base hit* 1 0 2 0 3 10 0 o— 7
Ban FrancUco 1 0 10 4 0 0 0 O— o
Base hits 10 1 o 1 l 0 0 o—l0 — 1
SUMMARY.
Earned runs — Seattle 3. San Fr«jael««v» •
£\u25a0 SEALS WIX FROM SEATTLE.
tATOXIA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Mornfng Telegraph.
Firat race— Begonia, Toya, Marvin
Neal.
Heoond race— Xaran, Lady Lou, Sail
or** Dream.
Third race— Hogan, Agnolo, Romola.
Fourth race— La " Pucelle, Clifton
Forge, Delagoa. ' \u25a0 , .
Fifth race— Hortenxla, The Messen
ger, -Karly Boy.
Sixth race — Joe Rosh, Stroud, Helger
son.
Weather cloudy. Track good.
f-'xth race, six furlongs. three-year-olds,
handlrep — Oxford 116, Yon Tromp 113, Broom
haiTilc 112, Handzarra 112, Funlculaire 1 110,
Councilman 102. Dreamer 105. Blucher 100,
Colonel White 100, The Belle 99, Kitty Platt
63, Aoronaut 00, Angler 102.
Fourth race, the Great Republic, three
year-olds and up, £50,000. one and a quarter
miles-Olseau 116. Wild Mint 109, Sysonby
lift. Broomstick 126, Dandelion 116, Prince
Hamburg 101.
Fifth rare, one mile, three-year-olds and
up. selling— Tom Lawson 146. Saladin 129, Old
Knglana 14fi. Ralb^rt 12ti. Lineal 127, Caqueta
146. Maximilian 135.
Third race, the Hopeful, $5000 added, six
fui longs, two-year-olds — Meteor 115, Mohawk
II 130. B«llsnicker 115. Burgomaster 130. Jug
gler 115, Pegasus 115. Sandy D 115. Shineon
115, Oyama 115.
First race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, selling— Hermitage 112, Third
Alai-m «7. Speedway 102, Odd Ella 90, Abjure
99. Lord of the Forest 104. Aviston 90. Mist
Point 99, Ireland 102, Calabash 97. Bivouac
102, Vclo 102, Cats Eye 99, Sufficiency 94.
Mollie Donobue 104, Gentian 97, Mintla 102
Cary 107. Optician 102, Butt In 101, Collece
Girl OS. Turkey Feast 9fl.
Second race, about two and a half miles,
the Shillalah steeplechase, four-year-olds and
up, full course— Maiden 158. Sandhurst 147.
Jimmy Lane 155, Sea Horse II 146, Gold Van
155, Russell Sage 132, Gate Bell 146.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11. — The following
are the entries for the races at Sara
toga to-morrow: . , •
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
for maiden two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin
2to I— Ravenna. 109 (W. Knapp)l 2 h 15
2to I— East End, 112 (Baird). 4 1 h 2 1
50 to I— Hocus Pocus. 109 (Bell).. 6 7 2 3 3
Time, l:0S 2-5- Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. Sanford's br. f. by Clifford-Bar
maid 11. Dave Lewis, Crowehade, Bayonette
Rapid Transit, Etapa finished as named. . -,
Fifth race, five furlongs, three-year-olds and
vp — Henry Waite 112, Mrs. Frank Foster 107.
The Bugaboo 107, Peter Paul 104, Monis 102,
Yo San 102. True Wing 100. Pirate Polly 100.
Neva Welch \u25a0 90. -' Tom Crabb 99, The Elba
97, Edgly 92. (Couple Pirate Polly and Neva
Welch as Young entry.)
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, three-year
olds and up, selling — Henry Luhrman Jr. 102,
Harry New 09. Arrahgowan 98, Fairbury 90,
Sneer 94, Bisque 8«, Doc Wallace 88, Marie
Algol 65, Dorothy Dodd 85.
Seventh race, short course, handicap, steeple
chase, four-year-olds and vp — Trenct the Mere
156, Sam* Partner 154, Sweet. Jane 140, Gear
holm 139. Billy Ray 135, Bank Holiday 132,
Japalak 130.
Fourth race,- mile, the Buffalo, selling-, $1500,
three-year-olds and vp — Columbia Girl 107,
Marshal Ney 101, Crestfallen 100, Ben Fon
f?o 98. • \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0• -•:
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth, three
year-olds and up, selling — Ink 106. Arab 105,
Baikal 105, Derry 104,* Amberita 101. Varieties
9«?, Mpnophord 97, Depends 94, Trapplst 86.
Second race, five furlongs, two-year-olds,
selling — Henry.. Waring 106, Colonel Bronston
104, Factotum 104, Marvel P 101, Oak Grove
99. Arcospnng CB._Care 97, Wistful 95, Wee
Girl 05, Calox 95, Jean Lee 91, Lady Chlswick
90. . . \u25a0 . -
First race, one mile, four-year-olds, selling —
Monadnock 109, Reeves 100. Montpelier 107,
Southampton lo". Little Boy 108, Trojan 106,
Showman HH>. C. R. Campbell 106, Samuel Silk
10C, The Hawaiian 104, Fdur Leaf C i 104,
Reveille 102.
\u25a0 PORT JERIE, Aug/11. — The follow
ing- are the entries for to-morrow's
races:
FORT ERIE ENTRIES.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs, selling
— Queen Esther 87, Nominee 92, Axares 9S, La
Pucelle 99, Clifton Forge 110, Dclagoa 104.
Fifth race one mile, selling — Hudson 98,
Denice 98, Orient 9S, Foreigner 1)8. Fiasco 10<),
Marlin 102, Qulncy- 103, FlOrJzel 104, Van
Hope 105, The Messenger 107. Early Boy 102,
Hortensla lip. . , ; i • "
Sixth race, one and three-quarter; miles, sell
liig — Stroud 94, J6e Ross 94, Judge Saufley 96,
Helgerson 94, Outlaw 96, Male Hanlon 107,
Brooklyn 110, Handy Bill 91. .
Third race, five and a half furlongs, handi
cap, two-year-olds — Lllita 90, Leta Duffy 100,
Neodesha 100. Topgy" Robinson 102, Romola
104, Agnolo 110, Hogan 110. ' •
Second race, one mile, selling — Lady Lou 87.
Merino 87. Bannock Belle 81, Bravery 91,
Naran 91, Sanction 94, Ivernia 98, Rian Oti.
Mint Bed 9t>, Florl 101, Sailor's Dream 103,
Fonsoluca 104.
First race, five furlo'ngs.'Belllng— Ecliptic. 92,
All Brown 92. -Flossie S 92, Henry Morn 02,
Begonia 92, Windshield 95. Marvin Neal U5,
Sherrlll 100. Matabon 100, Toya 10*J, Beatrice
X 102. Rolla 105. •
CINCINNATI, Aug. 11.— The follow
ing are the entries for the. races at
Latonia. to-rrKjrrowr', 1 , - '". "., ")• \u0084.-,' •
LATOXIA ENTRIES.
FIFTH RACE — One mile, selling; for three
year-olds and up: : \u0084
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. %. Fin.
Sto I— Klrg Rose.lOs (W.Buchn) 2 3 1; 1 li
3 to I— K't of Rhodes, 107 (J Mtn) 1112 3
sto I— St. Breeze, 107 (Burns). 3 5132
Time. 1 :40 1-3. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, C. Dt-witte's b. g. bj King Eric-
Princess Rose. Gray Lad, Bronze Wing.
Lord BadKe, Elwood. Supreme Court, York
shire I>ad, Stroller, Exclamation, Father D,
Xorthvllte, Me-igtereinger finished a» named.
Time, 2:15. Start good; Won easily. Win
ner, J. F. NichoU' b. c. by Ornament-Barbaja
Gray. Rudabek, Harry New and Gypsano fin
ished as named.
' SEVENTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
four-year-olds'- and. up.; celling :
Betting. "Horae. Weight. JocKey. St. % Fin.
3to s— Bugler, 103 (Obert) 5 4 1 l ; 2
7to 2 — C*i«ripe »8. (McDennott) 4 8 1 2 1^
12 to I— ScalDer. 100 (A.-Waleh).. 6 5 3 3 n
SIXTH RACE— MiIe; Belling;" thr£e-year- ;
.'olds: : ,^-v. .. . . >\u0084j j,f :\u25a0'\u25a0.:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. -St. . %\ Fin.
6to 2— Dr. Wang. 101 (Radtke) 2 1 I s 1 Vi
12 to.l— Omealca, .97 ( Koerner) . . 3 2 V,' 2 h
sto 2— Hpy Jack 11. 105(Morrls) 8 41'3'lij
Time, 1:42 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Hughes Bros.' br. "c./by Ingoldsby-
Miss Alice 11. Eduardo 107, Lazelle Iv 2; Paul
»7, Royal Pearl 97, His Majesty 106, finished
as named. \u25a0 , ..\u25a0 .-«:.•;.,\u25a0.',..-.\u25a0
Time, 1:07 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, M. P. Tichenor'e b. f.. Mirthful
Quiver. • Pythia, Quorum, Hester W, Nos
tromo, The Irishman, Muffins finished as
named. *Di»aualifled.
J>*tting. Horee, Weight. Jockey. St. % . Flu.
t to I—Rustling1 — Rustling Silk,92fMcDanil) 4 3 1 11
sto I— •Arkiirta, 100 (W. Knapp) 1 4 1 2 1%
3to I— Adonis. 100 (Miller) 9 81 31 •
FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
Troy racirrc stakes; for two-.year-o!ds:
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up;- selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Lxtn. Leader,loo(T.Tylr> 3 In/11
13 to 10— Nrwd. Ohio,los(Munroe) 1 2T2.3
15 to I— Falrbury, lOM(McDrmtt) 4 4^33 '
Time, • 1 iii' 2 4-5. Start good. Won cleverly.
.Winner. J». H.- Baker's br. g. by G. -W. Joho
*on-Brookl«t. i Chanlda. Miss McKenna, Mo
nadnock and Magic finished as named. '
Time, 1:02 3-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, F. Cook's b. t. by Ceasarion-Bretzel.
Telepathy 108. Anita 101. Santa Lucia 101,
Queen Caroline' 106, Sister Edith: 101, Goma
103, Densie Densmore 101, Betsy 101, finished
as named. •• -• - 1 . -,-
FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; purse; two
year-old fillies: ".' •'-"
Betting. Horse. -Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
»to 15 — Mm Adams, 106 (Booker) 4 4 2 1 n
15 to I— Merry Belle. 106 (Wllms) 5 2 % a 1%
6to I— Floss S. 101 (Morris) 8 5 2 8 1
THIRD RACE: — One and a quarter miles;
handicap: three-year-olds and up:
lii tting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7to 2— Glenecho. I<>O (Knapp).. 4 13 1 2U
12 to I— Son. Belle. »3 (Dlggins). 5 6 1«42 3*
4to s—Caughnawaga.l295 — Caughnawaga.129 (Rdfn) 1 4 Va 3 h
Time. 2:<X>. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
S. S. Brown's b. c. by Longstrect-Laura Eth
el. Bragg, Little Scout, Jack Young. Mon
sieur Beauuaire and Judge Himes finished aa
named.
, AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON. Aug. ,11.— Washington ana
&t;.--Loul9, to-day broke even In a double
header. li\ the first gaae-the local team hit
; Hc.vjr.eU. opportunely... while, with the exception
of .one Inning Townsend kept the visitors' hita
: scattered. ;, Attendance 50u0. Score:
I --First game— 7 . ' . R. H E
•Washington 4 7' A
St." Louia .".!,.,.. -. v ,... x tt 2
Batteries — Towns«nd, Woir and Heydon"
\u25a0 Second gajnej:../'. . ; . • . R, h. E
Washiaston - ......."...; 4 5 2
St. Louts ..».'«.v.'. •.\u25a0;....-. .....\... t - a 2
• Batteries— PaUen and Kittredga; Suthoff.
Buchanan and Roth.
NEW YORK, Aug. IL— New York broke
even with Chicago on tho series by winning
to-day. Attendance 8000. Score:
w R. H. E.
JStw York 2 3 2
Chicago 1 5 0
Batteries — Orth and McGuire; White and
Sullivan.
BOSTON, Aug. 11.— Detroit tried out a new
pitcher in Jackson and Boston woa on bunched
hits. Attendance 4000. Score:
- R. B. S.
Boston 5 7ft
Detroit .-1....: 2 c x
Batteries — Winter and Crtgers Jackaon and
Warner.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 11.— Philadelphia de
feated Cleveland to-day by hard hittlnj. Th»
visitors. . hit Waddell freely In th» fifth and
sixth, and ha retired in favor ot Coailey. At
tendance TlfO. Score:
_ , :v;-:,--- ; . r. h. c.
Cleveland ........................ 0 T 2
Philadelphia '. \u0084 7 13 3
Batteries — Joss and Clark; "Waddell. Co&klty
and Schreck.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 11.— Cincinnati s&t*
Harper poor fielding support and was unable
to secure consecutive hlta. Attendance 1200.
Score :
R> H. E.
Cincinnati 17 4
Boston 4 8 0
Batteries — Harper and Schlei; Fraaer and
Moran. Umpire — Emsite.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 1 l.—Thieknar.S wlldness
gave New York an easy victory to-day. Taylor
was effective. Attendance! 2200. Scor*:
R. H. E.
St. Louis i. 15 3
New York 7 8 1
Batteries — Thlelman and Leahy; Taylor and
Bresnahan. Umpire — Johnstone.
PITTSBURG. Aug. 1L — Pittetrar* woa ons
of the most remarkable games ot th» season
in the twelfth Inning, after two men wer» out.
on' two errors, a steal and a hit. Up to that
point it was a pitchers' battle. Sparks did
the better work, not a local man . csttlsy be
yond second base till th« last Inning. Attend
ance 1500. Score:
R. H. B.
Pittsburg 13 0
Philadelphia 0 8 2
Batteries — Phllllppt and Gibson; Sparks and
Abbott. Umprre — CDay.
CHICAGO. Aug. 1L — Chicago &mt »ated -
Brooklyn to-day In a well-played gam* Eight
thousand school children were admitted tree
to-day. Attendance 10.C0O. Scow: .
R. H. E.
Chicago ...» 8 10 1
Brooklyn »~. ...... 2 8 1
Batteries — Bslggs. Weimer and Kilos; Jones
andj Bergen. Umpire — Klein.
Pittsburgh Wins One ot the Most Re.
niarkable Games of the Season
* In the Twelfth InnLnff.
FIFTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
four-year-olds and up: selling: . • \u25a0 :
Betting. Horee, Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
Rto s—Honda,5 — Honda, 100 (Watkms) .... 1 31 11
sto I— Sarllla. 105 (Munro) 7 12 2 2
7to I—The1 — The Bobby, 102 (Freeman) 9 9 1 3 n
Time, 2:15. Start good. 5 Won driving. Win
ner, W. A. Rtneharfs eh. m. by Major'Rich
ards-Aurora IV. Bluegrass Girl, Little Walley,
Parnasea, Little Tommy Tucker, Lee King,
Lila Noel and Lady Fonee finished as named.
NEW YORK BREAKS EVE*
•..*:• WITH CHICAGO OX MuIIIE.S
SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; mares;
three-year-olds :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
sto 2— Canteen. 101 (Knapp)... 8 8 11
ltfto I— N. M. Hay. 114 (Redfrn) 1 2 % 22#
3«ito I— Byways, 98 (Fountain).. 6 5 3 3 2
Time, 1 :40. Start fair. Won driving. Winner.
J. C. Yeager's br. r. toy Mirthful-Partridge.
Our Sister, Sinda. Daisy. Green, Dinah Shad,
Ascension, Lady Ellison and Galice finished
as named.
Time, 1:29 2-5. Start fair. Won easHy.
Winner, Hlckey Bros.' b, t. (3) by Box-Fanny
Taylor. -The Pet-8«. Miss -Mac Day 88, -Freer
Fins 9«, Handy Bill 103, Federal 92, Miladl
Love 99, Crescerton 112, Tha Laurel 102,
finished as named.
FOURTH .RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
three-year-old 9 end uc: > . : ! \u25a0' ,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %/Fln.
Bto I— Trlxie White, 92(Harris) 8 13 12
12 to I— JTraynor. 06 (Seamster) §-, 3 % 2 ns
80 to I— Mint 8ed., 94 (Smart)... B 5 V, 3 ns
Time, 1 :11 1-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. P. Reed's eh. c. by Charade-Vendetta.
Halifax, Mamie Foster and Away finished as
named. ' .. \u25a0- i&
FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs:
two-ytear-oltis; handicap:
Betting. Horee. Weight, Jockey. St. % : Fin.
7 to s— Armistice, 111 (J.Sheebn) 2, 4 f-J 1«
7to I— Ohlyesha, 108 (Landry).. 3 3 h 2 2
15 to I—J1 — J X F, 90 (T. Taylor) ... 5 51 33
THIRD RACE— One mile; three-year-old»|
selling: ' .-\u25a0-<\u25a0\u25a0.
Betting. Horse. Welpht. Jockey. St. % -Fin.
1 to 3— True Wing, 110 (Kunz) 1 ll.ln
40 to I— Economist, 95 (A. Wish) 2 4 n 2 8
4to I—Jolly1 — Jolly Witch. 8d (Swain) 3 5 3 h
Time, 1:46. Start good, won driving.
\u25a0Winner. T. H. Ryan's br. f. by The Roman-
Right Wing. Savoire Falre.Doo Wallace fin
ished as named. .• . .:\u25a0.:\u25a0
Time :D7 4-3. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. S. T. White's b. c. by Sandringham-
Cachuca. Baby Willie. Skeptical, Sweet Fla
vla. Daring, Lady Walker. Cadillac, Lena
Jones. Pirate's Dream finished as named/ - \u25a0
SECOND KACE— Four and * half furlongs;
two-year-olds : selling: - \u25a0 ' •' \u25a0'\u25a0 - '•-• •• -* .\u25a0•
liett.ng. Horee. WelKht. Jockey. St. %"Flh.
Bto 5— B # m'h f m. 106 (A. TValshfyi \u25a0 2 n 1.4
Itttol— Y'g Rem'dcr. 108 (Kunz) I 1
7to 2— A. Gardia. »S {M. Prsn) 6 4%'3 1
tiase Emtrfon bc-carae unsteady and
r passed Graham, filling the bases. It
looked like Cakiand would maky a few,
t.ut Emerson displayed his cunning by
petting: the next two and allowing thi
<>njy run of the tjar.-e to be. sc9red
against him.
O:; two hits in the fcurth Tacorr.a
r< pi^tcred a like amount of runs. A
T .t?s to Cugran and a double by Mc-
LaushMn to drep left nil'-d second and
third b'tses. with but one out. Lynch
fanned, and it looked like nothing do-
Ing, but the mighty Casey swun?
through a cloan single to right, which
bounded over Crcll's head :snd Eaga'i
and Mac scored.
The Oaks had a man on first and
third Iti tho seventh, with but one
down, but ever, then could not score.
I'raiyks blighted tl;e fans' hopes by
ending an cany one down to Eaaran,
who thre*v Stanley out before he coulil
rea r-h home. • \u25a0 .
SUeeLan scored the laet taJly o* the
jrarve in t!te eiffl;th : a/tjcr, one Tacomjn
was down. He. went* to second od a
double ana stole titird." coming home on
Stanley's tvi!J throw to Kruger at
third in an attempt to catch the pil
ferer. The following is the score.
TACOMA.
AE. R. BH. SB. PO. A- K.
Do}-:*, r. f 4 o 1 0 2 0 0
Fheehar., 3 b 3 1 1 1 0 3 0
Noidyke. 1 b 4 0 0 0 11 0.0
K(?aa, 9. * 3 1 0 O 1 4 O
McLaughlin, 1. 1.... 4 1 1 0 3 0 0
Lynch, c. f 4 0 20 1 -O 0
Caeey. 2 b 3 0 1 0 4 2 1
C. Graham, c 3 0 0 0 6 0 0
Emerson, p 3 0 1 0 0 2 0
Trtals 31 3 7 1 27 11 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. 68. PO. A. E.
Van Ha!tr*n. c. f. .. 3 0 0 0 2 0 O
Franrks. c. b 8 0 0 0 1 1 1
tmnleavy, 1. f 4 »> 0 0 1 0 0
Kruger. 3 b 3 0 0 0 13 1
Kelly, 2 b 4 0 0 0 6 I 0
i ' -ox!, r. f 4 1 1 0 2 0 0
k":eib, 1 b 4 0 10 8 0 0
anley. c 2 0 0 0 6 4k} 1
v. Graham, p 1 O 0 0 O 2 0
*Hogan 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Tr>ta!s 29 1 2 0 27 11 3
•Hogan hatted for Ptanley in ninth.
HUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoraa 0002000 1 o—30 — 3
Base hits 0102 1012 0-r7
Oakland Ul 000000 o—l0 — 1
Base hits 02000000 0 °
SUMMARY.
Two-base hi'.s. Mclaughlin, Eheehan. 6ac
r;S?«» hits. Stanley, Cawy. Fim base on er
rirt, Taccma X Oaklar.d 1. First base on
•.ailed bslls, <,tt Emerson \u2666?, off Graham 2.
Left on bssip, Taconia 4. Oakland &. Struck
<.ut. by Emersen 3, by Graham 6. Time of
parne, ore h.;ur and lorty minutes. Umpires,
McDonald arj'i Bray.
through the inflcld. With two men on
K!mcr Emtrson's offerings looked to
be size of peas to the Oakland
hatt*fnen y-Kt«>ruay, and two dinky hits
were al! they <ould get off Mike Fish
«*« yo:mg slabman. Though Emerson
xvns wild at ti:n*-s ami gave the Com
muters six pr.sses, he was there when it
came to a critical pinch, and the Oak
land batsrien tver^ baffled wnen it was
up to th*>:n to straighten out one of
his betidfis. Tfccoma, played its usual
ly steady Kom* and lost no opportuni
ties to score, and backed up its pitcher
with pnod snpr>.->rt. The .score was Ta
coma 3 to OaUiand 1.
Oakland, as usual, got off to a
good st.-irt; but it soems when they get
pinched they curl. In the second ir.ninij
riit.y scorci thHr only two hits of the
eamc. Croll placed a fly in short cen
trr and went to second on Kelly's single
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
W. L.. Poll W. U. Pet.
Fettle 7 3 .70C 'Oakland 4 rt .400
ia^oma « 3 .wrpan Fran... 4 « .400
Portland « 5 .545-Les Angeles 3 7 r.CXJ
Seventh race. lntermedlata>ignt-oared shells
— Argonaut R. C. Toronto, won; Ariel R. C.
Baltimore, second. Two started. Time. S:4ts.
.Fifth .race, senior 'double »cu!ls — Nonpareil
R. C, New York, won; Philadelphia B. C.
second. Time! 10:23.
Sixth race, senior fouc-oared shells—Sea
watihaka B. C. won; Argonaut R. C. second:
Moind City B. C, St. Louts, third. Time.
qualifying for tha final will row to-morrow.
Time. 11: OS.
shett B. C. Worcester, won; Walter Stokes.
University E. C. Philadelphia, second. Those
Third race, association senior single sculls —
F. Shepanl of Seawanhaka B. C. won; Fred
Fressel, -Hart R. C. second; Frank Veaely
first Eohemioa A. C, New fork, third. Time,
Fourth race, lntermedSate single sculls-
Second heat: James A. Tenayck Jr.. Wav-
• Setfofid race, intermediate single bcolls
First l^eat: TV. Craig of Detroit E C. won:
James •O"N*etll. Atlantic B. G.. Xaw Yori
second. Those qualifying for the final will
row to-morrow. Time, 11:13 U.
First race, senior paired oared shella^ Won
by Seawanhaka B. C. of New York: Argonaut
¥~ i^"?'?' • econd - Only two finished.
BALTIMORE. Aug. 11 Just enough
wind to make a delightful day for th©
spectators was sufficient to make the
water a bit too choppy for the oars
men, but this was too slight to be
charged as a real defect against the
opening day of the thirty-third annual
regatta of the National Association ot
Amateur Oarsmen. Summary:
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Tacoinn-Oaklnnd at Recreation Park.
Lo* Anscrle* nl Portland.
>»an Prnnclsrn at Seuttlc.
Wind That Pleases Specta
tors Makes Water a Bit
Choppy for Contestants
BUFFALO. N. V., Aug. 11.— The Free
Handicap, for two-year-olds at five and
a "half furlongs," bringing- together 'such
good ones as Halifax, Ohiyesa, J,K F, and
Armistice, was the- feature of- the card ot
seven races, and the last named- was- &n
easy winner. The crack Halifax went to
pieces at the head of the. stretch. and fin
ished a bad last. In the" run" home Ohiyesa
and Armistice were the contenders and
the latter won very , easily going away.
Ohiyesa .was second, two ' lengths } ahead
of J X F. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
four-year-olds' and up; gelling: • • .<: .. ; • • .
Betting. Horse. Weiphtl Jockey.- St. Si Fin.
stol— Sneer. 101 (Swain)...... 8^ 13- 1 3
4to I— Annie Davis, 106 (Jenk) 4 2 n'.2 ltt
13 to s— The Elba. 100 (Foley).. 9 3 % 3 Vi
'Time, 1:25-4-5. ' Start good. Won easily.
Winner, M. Burton's eh. g. •\u25a0\u25a0 by Bathampton-
Ironlc. Wissendine, Erlcula, False, El Rey,
Eagredo. Ernest Parham \u25a0 finished, as named, j
*sn Francisco, C; Seattle, 3.
Taconia, 3; Oakland, L.
Los Angeles, 5j Portland, 3.
TO-DAY'S GAMES.
I CINCINNATI, Aug. 11.— Despite "a
i downpour of rain this morning the
track at Latonia. dried, put knd was in
fairly good condition when the first
race ; was* dalled. 'There was no especial
feature and no 'close finishes. The
event furnishing the most excitement
was: the • second. \u25a0.: Birch Broom was
played '. to/ a standstill, being backed
from 3 to 2 to 4 to .6, :King Ellsworth,
last away* from the post, assumed, the
lead at tlie. half--* mile i and from there
romped home an easy winner. ; Sum
maries: " . • ~
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs, selling; three
[ yearrolds and up: ,•' \u25a0 .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
sto 2— Mattie H., 93 (Seamster) 2 12 15
10 to I— Merces. ' 86 . (Morris) .... 8 2 2 21%
25 tol— Maceona;.9B (Wilson)... 8 3 2_3 life
Time, 1:30 3-5. Start, bad. Won easily.
Winner, Wj S. Brutnfleld's br. m. (4), by
Swing-Flush. Sister . Lilian 92, Chancy. 88,
Frank lie Oft Good Time, ftl, .Martha Celia 91,
Showgirl 90J Conclave 92, Albemarle 101,, Be
rlnthia 91, .finished as named. ; . ::\
SECOND RACE-T-One.'mile,. selling;' three
year-olds an.d up: .... ..•;
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %-. Fin.
9to 5-rK. Ellsworth,lo4 (Radtke) 3 1 3^l 4
4to 6— Birch Broom, 97 (Foy).. 2 3 2 25
6to I— Wlllowdene. 100 (Morris) 1 2}J34
Time. 1:42 3-6. Start good., Won easily.
Winner, \u25a0J. ,-D. McMillan & Co.'s b. h;. by
King Eric-Mabel Kllsworth. Ahola 03, Katie
Powers 93, finished aa named. • '-;
5 \u25a0 THTKD RACE 1 — Five f urlong^, ? selling^ two
year-olds: - '
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2*o I— Nlodesha. 106 (Wilson). 3.2212
7to 10— Theo. Case,' 99 (Radtke) 7,71 21
60 to I— Sherrlll, 96 (Robnsn) 1 h S>l; 31
Tim«, 1:02 4-5. . Start bad. Won handily.
Winner. Banahan Bros.' b. c, by TUhous-
Woodbird. llatabon 95, Toastmaster 91, Mal
leable 95, Dr. Wendell .92. -Fairv-iew 95, -Dr.
Keith 105 Squanderer 96," finished as named.
SARATOGA, N. V., Aug. 11.— There was
considerable more humidity than breeze
at the track to-day. It was simply swel
tering. So far as the programme was
concerned it was an excellent one for
Friday. \ Rustling Silk won the fourth
race after a drive through the stretch
with Arkiirta. The latter came up on the
rail but did not have enough left to beat
Rustling Silk. Adonis was third. Knapp
claimed a foul against Rustling Silk and
Baird also made a -claim against some
horse for interference. Judging from the
decision it was against Arkiirta, for that
colt was disQualifled and Py thia . placed
third. Baird claimed that Knapp struck
him across the back with his whip, and
foukd him at the head of the stretch.
For this Arkiirta was disqualified.
Kuapp was fined $200 and suspended for
one week.
Plunger Joe Yeager came into; limelight
to-day in earnest, and when the smoke
cleared .away he was $40,000 to the good.
In the second race in which three-year
olds and upward ran a mile, he started
his mare Ca'ntten.and backed her from
rive down to two to one, despite the
strong popular support of Lady Ellison.
Canteen won, and Yeager cleaned up at
least $40,001). Following co soon on the
heels of J. J. Ryan's $60,000 coup on Ath
lone, the young Westerner's successful
plunge created a sensation in the ring. '
FIRST RACE— Se\ei. furlongs; handicap:
all a^es: - - _ -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey, St. s; Fin.
is to s—Sohulamite.5 — Sohulamite. IOS (Hldbd) 2 2 3.1 2>i
15 to I—Jacund,1 — Jacund, 107 (Smith) 9 . *> h 2 %
6to I—Rubric,1 — Rubric, 103 <Burns) 5 4 2 3 h
Time. I :2tf 1-5. Start good. - Wen easily.
Winner, F. Johnson's b. t. by Plaudit-Re
eponse. King Pepper, Bad News, Alwin,
Workman, Frontenac, Letola and Cigar Light
er finished as ram. d. .... . .
RESULTS OF GAMES.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OARSMEN OPEN
THEIR REGATTA
Despite Downpour of Eain
in Morning Track Dries
Out Before the First' Event
In a Lively Dash for Home
\ Ohiyesa 3fakes a Bid for
First Place," but Weakens
Plunger Joe Teager Cleans
Up &W ? 000 on His Speedy
Mare Canteen at Saratoga
Play Usual Good Game and
Have Xo Trouble Down
ing Van Haltreirs 3len
The announcement was made that Jack
Johnson challenged the winner, but this
was grreeted with hisses. Buddy Ryan
and Jimmy Gardner, who are expected
to put up a sensational fight, when they
meet shortly at Colma. were presented
to the spectators. Eddie Graney. who
refereed the main event, donned his
Tuxedo in honor of the occasion. The
spectators, who half filled the pavilion,
were landed back . in town at half past
eleven. >• - - -'
John L. Sullivan was warmly greeted
when Billy. Jordan- Introduced him as
"thfe only man who remains in the hearts
of the people, John L. Sullivan." In re
sponse to calls for a speech Sullivan said,
"Gentlemen, a speech would be out of
order here, as you have come to see' a
fight. May the best man 'win. I thank
you for your applause; I ask you to give
it to the boys,- and to the winner give
three cheers, three.".'.. ' . \u25a0 ' •
There was a bumping match in the
eleventh round, out of which McCormick
came. with a bad cut over his left eye.
After starting McCormick's ear bleeding
in the twelfth, Ruhlin seemed more con
fident and went after his man. The re
maining rounds were much alike, neither
man having strength to land a knockout
blow. When McCormick finally went
down he was not rendered unconscious,
but simply had not the strength to go
any furtner. Ruhlin's victory gives him
no claim on the championship title.
The preliminary. fight was between Gus
Koster and Jim Gorman. Koster was
counted out in the sixth round, much as
McCormick was in the main fight.' Gor
man hits with the open" glove,, which re
duces his effectiveness as a fighter. It
was just a rough fight without any sci
ence. '
BOXERS IX BUMPING MATCH.
The men assumed- an upright- stylW-*<6f~
boxing' and, when they squared off v.in
the first. round Ruhlin showed to . de
cided advantage. He brought McCor
mick to his knees with a right to the
body in the first round and the. spectar.
tors were offering to bet,.the. affair,
would 'not last two rounds. To% their
surprise, McCormick: held his. own and.
in the second round he landed, a stiff,
left to the jaw, "which made Ruhlin's
knees bend. He followed. this up with,
a right to the head and:. rushed Ruhlin
to" the ropes. . ', :>\u25a0',.".
McGormiek- began to do the "more ef
fective 'work in the third found, Ruh*
lih's blows bafdiy having enough* force
to crush an eggsheH.-i
Near^the-.end of the round McCormick
landed a hard right in breaking r out of
a clinch, whl,eh.v cut Ruhlin severely
over the' left eye.' McCormick hooked
hls-left'to the head three times in suc
cession in 'the fourth round and- had
Ruhlin backing; away from him. Mc-
Cormick was .knocked down with two
light blows to. the body, but was up
quickly. He missed a hard right : tb the
Jaw by a fraction of an inch.
A hard left rip to the body in the f}f(h
'round, hurt Ruhlin and>.;a rignt ; to the
same spot 'almost' immediately afterward
added to" lils 'distress. Ruhlin's body in
the region of the heart commenced to
take on" a crimson hue in the sixth round
from the peppering he was "receiving
there." • In the latter part of the round
he was hanging on to avoid punishment.
In the succeeding rounds up to the ninth
McCormick continued his aggressive tac
tics. . In this round he nearly dropped
Ruhlin with a right to the body which
resounded throughout the pavilion. They
tried slugging tactics in the tenth round
and Ruhlin was the first to cry enough.
McCormick a surprise.
Big Gus Ruhlin's splendid vitality
came to his \u25a0 reacue at' an opportune
time last night in his fight with Jim
McCormick . at . Colma. For
eighteen rounds the heavy-weight from
Texas had punched him almost at will.
At this point" it- was a Question as to
which 'was the most fatigued. This
was soon answered by McCormick be
ing sent to the mat twice.. He was able
to get up the first time, but shortly
afterward he went*' down again and
was counted out. "...
r Whether it was i-the presence of the
mighty^ John L. 'Sullivan in McCor
mick's- 'corner, or 'from 'some other
cause,- -Ruhin was - : extremely nervous
when - he 1 entered the ring 'and never
seemed to regain hissef-pdssession en
titrely until the .fight was over.. He
was a Gloomy Gus in the flesh. "\u25a0 '.
: The affair was full of action and des
perate fighting from start to -finish, but
there was an entire absence of class
about it. McCormick seemed the most
unconcerned man in the house, while
Ruhlin's 'face assumed an alarmed look
at the, start;. . which it never lost. Mc-
Cormick ' was ' clumsily clever, get
ting;- away- from many, 'of - Ruhlln's
blows without apparently knpwing how
he did b0... Ruhlin outweighed him fully
thirty ; pounds, ; "and, \u25a0 With < this advantage
and hi 3 knowledge -ot the fighting game
he should have won in short order. Early
in' " each round the Texas; champion
seemed to land an effective blow, which
took all the fight out- of- Gus. McCormick
was getting on famously until the twelfth
round, - wherf : Ruhlin started his cauli
flower ear bleeding. - Ruhlin kept pepper
ing this" soft "spot for, a time, and seeing
that it hurt McCormick seemed to give
him the confidence he lacked up to this
time.... While \u0084 McCormick - .continued to
land the most blows the lack of condition
commenced. to tell on him, and his efforts
grew .gradually .weaker. Ruhlin's \u25a0 body
fairly steamed with perspiration and
showed "alack of training, but the vital
ity was there, which his opponent seemed
to lack. . \u25a0'. \u25a0
They rushed to a mix In the center of the
ring and McCormick went to the floor with
out being hurt apparently. Ruhlin landed a
succession of short arm blows to the jaw an J
the body and McCormick went down for the
count. "
Eighteenth Round.
They clinched -with no damage. McCormick
reached the mouth with a hard left. Ruhlin
landed stiff left and right to the face and had
McCormick- " holding on. Gus reached the
mouth with a light left. Ruhlin miesed a
swin* and they clinched. Ruhlin rushed In
but received a stiff left jab to the face as the
bell sounded.
They clinched. They exchanged right and
left 6hort arm blows without much steam be
hind them.- Ruhlin reached the bad ear with
a light left and they clinched. Ruhlin land
ed a light left to the face and another to the
body. Ruhlin reached the wind with a hard
right and the face with the left. McCor
mick stepped in with a stiff right to the
wind at the bell.
. . , • Seventeenth Round.
Sixteenth Round.
Ruhlin rushed his man to the ropes but did
no damage. McCormlck landed a hard left
swing on the necK. They clinched. JlcCor
mlck blocked a hard left for the wind. Ruh
lin landed a light left to, the face. McCor
mick landed a light left to the face and a
hard right over the eye, which brought blood.
McCormlck reached the face with a straight
right. The bell found them In a clinch. Hon
ors even.
Ruhlin led with a left wnich was short and
they clinched. Ruhlin landed a stiff upper
cut to the ear, which m«mber is bleedtng pro
fusely. Ruhlin Jabbed light lett to the Jaw
and rushed his man to the rope*, but did
no damage, however. McCormick reached the
wind with a hard left. McCormick was wild
with a hard right and they clinched. The
bell found them sparrinz.
Fifteenth Round.
Fourteenth Round.
• <"• They clinched. McCormick missed a vicious
i right swing and received a light left Jab to
'the face. Ruhlin reached the Jaw with stiff
•left and .right to ear. Ruhlin landed a hard
left to the face and had McCormick dis
tressed. They exchanged a few short-arm
blows but there- was. no .' steam behind them.
The bell found them in a clinch. It was Ruh
. lin's round. • ; . \ >*/• '•
They sparred a moment before rushing into
the usual clinch. McCormick landed a , light
right to the neck. Ruhlin landed a stiff right
to the ear and another right to the body. In
a break -away Ruhlin landed a hard risht to
the 'Jaw. ".McCormick rushed to a clinch.
Ruhlin landed three stiff left Jabs to the Jaw
and McCormick a hard right to the head a:» the
bell sounded. It was Ruhlin"s round.
x Thirteenth Round.
\u25a0 The usual clinch opened round eleveri..'.Ruh
'lln reached McCormick's ear with a hard, right.
They exchanged hard lefts to the body.. Ruh
; lln rushed McCormick to the ropes and landed
a stiff lefUto ,the face. They clinched.,- ?*\* a
tno damage. \Ruhlin landed light left oa^tn^
Jaw. and they, clinched. Ruhlin missed a vi
cious left swing for the Jaw at the bell. Both,
men ' very "tired-. 4 •
I /— -.-;. -r-Tirelfth Round.
They rushed to the usual clinch. They ex
changed rights and lefts to the 'body." In" the
break-away Buhlin landed a.stifl.j«ft ta the
face.-"They sparred awhtle^and*th%n rnsfred to
another clinch. McCormtck" was sh#rt with a
left to the wind, but lnarniediately afterward
reached the face with a strjrt£hf left. ..; RuhHn
jabbed. Jim on the nose wltfr-a JeTt and they
clinched." The bell found thV'med sparrjrig In
tile center of the rins. -f»"' *\u25a0-"•< -,:.•. A/
\u25a0 -I', Eleventh Round. . i>. »:.i
Tenth .'.Round.
They came to a clinch with \u25a0no damage.
They mixed It in the center of the- ring," both
landing rights and lefts to the -body: 1 ' Mc-
Cormick landed a hard right to the noee as
they. came to a clinch. They indulged -in a,
little in-fighting without much damage..- • Gua
larded -two stiff lefts to- the noae.. McCor
mick-reached ,the wind with a straight , right
at the" bell but was too far away to have miich
effect. It was" very tame, with honors about
eveiw • •\u25a0 \u25a0 --\u25a0•,•-,-•«
McCormick stepped in with a hard left to the
Jaw. Both men are very alow. . McCormick
wrapped a hard right around Ruhlln's head.
Ruhlin reached the wind with a stiff right
arid landed left Jab to the lace. McCormick
landed a straight right to the wind aria they
clinched. Ruhlin reached his rman with a light
left to the body at the bell. V/./ .
A'iiith Round/, .
They came to- a clinch without striking a
blow. McCormick reached the wind with, a
light right and"' the crowd yelled "Fake."
They, sparred Jocaa: opening and .Gus landed
a- light left; to the Jaw. Ruhlin landed a light
left- to the face. McCormick came in with a
vicious Itfft swing, - but Gus caught It. on his
shoulder. : In a break-away Kuhim landed a
stiff left to the face. They -exchanged light
lefts, at the bell. Honors even.
''."\u25a0': Eighth Round.'
Seventh Round.
They, rushed to a clinch with no damage.
McCormick reached the head with a stiff left
and they exchanged shortarm rights in a mix.
Ruhjin landed a hard left hook to the jaw.
Ruhlin- got his man in a neutral corner and
landed several, shortarm Jabs. In a breakaway
McCormlek' landed a hard left to the mouth.
McCormick reached the body with a stiff right
at the bell.
Sixth Round.
Ruhlin was wide with a hard left and they
clinched. They exchanged hard lefts in a
mix, the first real fighting so far. MeCormiek
reached the neck with a stiff right and a mo
ment later landed a light left to the head.
Ruhlin landed two hard rights to the body aa
they came to a clinch. They indulged in a
little tame in-fighting without much damage
on either side. Both men appeared tired at
the bell.
rushed his man across the ring to a neutral
corner and McCormick again dropped to his
k:.«es to avoid punishment. Ruhlin landed a
stiff right to the body as the bell sounded.
Fifth Round.
McCormick landed a hard left on the nose
and was short with a straight left to the
wind. Ruhlin reached the head with, a light
left. They clinched with no damage. McCor
mick landed a hard left to the face. Ruhlin
a clinch McCormick landed a right on the
head. Bell found them sparring.
Fourth Round.
RUSTLING SD.K SCORES
SCORES EASY VICTORY
XO EXCITING FINISHES
TACO3IAS ARE STEADY
BOUT IS FULL OF ACTION BUT SCIENCE IS ABSENT
Man From Texas Dpes the; Most Effective Hitting
. and Blocking but Shows a Lack of Vitality.
Played for a Real Live One
at Latonia and Is Badly
Beaten hy King Ellswprth
Defeats Halifax and Other
Crack Sprinters in an Ex
citing Race at Fort Erie
California Jockey Is Fined
and Suspended for Using
His Whip on Another Boy
Mike's Young Pitcher Com
pletely Baffles the Oaks
With a Variety of Twists
BIRCH BROOM
DUMPS TALENT
ARMISTICE WINS
FREE HANDICAP
KNAPP TRIES
ROUGH RIDING
EMERSON TWIRLS
IN GREAT FORM
HEAVY WEIGHT FIGHT LASTS
THROUGH EIGHTEEN ROUNDS
GUS RUHLIN STOPS JACK M'GORMICK
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0-"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0•\u25a0-.\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0- <. : \u25a0 "- \u25a0\u25a0 i .'.'•\u25a0{' . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SATURDAY AUGUST 12, 1905.
rants charging him with ' the malicious de
struction of property were sworn oat. H* was
returrtMi to jail in default ot b*U.
lOLA. Kans.. Aug. 11- — <-*. •L. Melvln. the
joint dynamiter, was given hearing* to-day
en two charges and bound over in $3000 bond
to \u25a0 the District Court. Two additional . war-
BUFFALO, N. V.. Aug. . 11— The
Grand Circuit races to-day were post
poned-on' account of. rain. The" unfin
ished events will be run to-morrow. .
Rain Stops Circuit Meeting.
PORTLAND,: Aug.' 1 1.— Acting Presi
dent McCreedie ; of -, theV' Pacific Coast
League' has 1 the \u25a0; meeting of
the league scheduled to ; be held in this
city on August 12 ; to August 24. In
der Ito •• Insure 5 a,". 1 better,., attendance'! of
the, directors, v' ;' ", '.'[[ \u25a0
Meeting, of Ball ' Musnntes Postponed.
Preparations for Cup Knees Complete.
ROCHESTER. N. V.. Aug. 11— All
preparations for the Canada's cup races
have been completed and the first race
between the Iroquois and the Temeralre
will be started at 1 r o'clock to-raorrow.
MISSOULA. Mont.. Aug. 11. — Mrs.
Harry Thompson, wife of . ex-Shertff
Thompson, Mrs. William Wallace* of
New York, Mrs. Samuel Walters of
MJssoula, a girl cook and a little boy
are lost in the Lolo Mountains, forty
flve miles south of Missoula. and posses
are now searching: the hills In an en
deavor to locate thyn.
Lost In the Lolo .Mountain*.
PORTLAND, Aug. 11.— Corbett threw
the ball Just where the Angels wanted
It this afternoon and among other
stunts recorded by the" wingless
cherubs were four that were good: for
two bases each. Errors In the field
helped in losing the game for Portland.
In the sixth, with two men on bases,
Mike Mitchell lifted the sphere over
the rigrht field fence, scoring threw runs
for the Giants, the only runs they made
in the game. Los Angeles finished with
.live. Right after Mitchell put the ball
over the fence there was a family; jar
among the southerners. Mitchell had
three balls and two strikes before he
the Southerner*.
11THE SAN FRANCISCO >CALL, SATURDAY AUGUST 12, 1905.
12
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
A $1000 CHICKEN ranch across the bay;
wtekly income for tKss alone $40; 7-room
'house, ''l acre land; rent only. $1150.' Call'
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny. ; " i
A— &JS«D; SALOON In wholesale district: es-
tablished 20 years; full value'ln slcht: rent
$U0; owner must attend estate in Germany.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 20%. Kearny st.
A— sl*so: CORNER cigar stand; 5 blocks from I
Chronicle building; place clears above $100
per month. Call R. Q. WILKE. 2G^ Kearny.
A— J4OOO; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 blocks
f ron; corner Market and Powell ; an old-es-
. tabllbhed store, known to be one of beet pay-
Ing groceries in this city. Call R. G. WILKE,
26 #. Kearny ; st. «
A— *lsM); -WATER-FRONT saloon. In very best
location and a good paying place." See R. G.
WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st. .
A— sl2so; CORNER fancy grocery, delicates-
sen and let cream business with 4 nice living
rooms; rent $-5; 5 years' lease; place kept
by present owner 9 years; only cause of sale
- that proprietor wishes to retire from active
business life: a first-class paying plaoe, In
Western Addition. R. G. WILKE. 26^
Kearny st.
A — $WK); NOTION and variety store on Mason
St.: 4 living rooms; rent $26; proprietor must
sell on account of sickness; rare chance for
man and wife. See R. .G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st. ' ' ' . '
A— s22oo; CORNER grocery and bar on 16th
bt. ; rent $25; 8 living rooms; place estab-
lished years; doing about $30 business per
day; good stock; full value "in sight. Call
*R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store, with rooms; kept by owner 7 years;
'must be sold at once; owner to leave the
city. Call R.G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at
A— slsoo; BUTCHER shop across the bayt
monthly sales from $1100 to $1500; l*use; 1
horse and wagon. Call R. G. WILKE. \u25a0 26%
' Kearny st. . •
A—sl6oo;A — $1600; BAKERY In San Mateo Co.; located
In the most fashionable .town; , large cash
trade; wagons horses; daily store ' receipts
above $10. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— s4so; CIGAR store with' billiard . hall and
bootblack stand; best location Western Ad-
dition; a bargain. Call R- G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st. 1
A— 43500; CORNER saloon; most prominent lo-
cation on Market St.; rent $50;; owner kept
this place the last 4 years and always did
a fine business; must leave the city on ao-
count of other engagements. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st. . ' \u25a0
A—s2soo;A — $2500; PARTNER In best corner saloon on
water front; 5 years' lease; no rent to pay;
about 20 barrels of whisky on hand; a rara
chaoce. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— sl7so; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; surrounded by factories- and wholesale
' houses; owner has 3 places; must sell ono.
See R. G. WILKPJ, 26% Kearny st.
A—s6so;A — $650; FRUIT and vegetable store, with
route; wagon 2 horses; very beat location In
the Mission; a good-paying business; sickness
compels owner to go in the country. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny Bt *
A—s22oo;A — $2200; CORNER saloon with- 6 furnished
rooms; rent $100; lease; one of_the best cor-
ners north of -Market Bt Call R. G. WILKE,
20% Kearny st. '___
A— s2ooo- CORNER saloon, on Third Bt, .with
7 rooms; rent $S5; one of the best located
places on the most prominent business part
of Third St.; full value In sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; CORNER grocery and bar; on San-
chez st, with 6 living rooms; 4 years' lease;
rent $33- daily sales about $25; place kept by
owner 8 years; a rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— ssooo; THE leading saloon, in Monterey,
with 5 years' lease; rent $60; stock will ln-
' voice about $2000: this Is a bonanza; full
value In Bight; owner is compelled by other
Investments to sell at once. Particulars R.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny, .st
A— sl6oo; GROCERY and bar; best location
Ocean -View; rent $25; full value In sight; a
bargain. Call R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—§l3oo;A — §1300; PAPER route; morning paper. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A— $1100; DELICATESSEN store, with dairy
produce; living roome; very- best location on
Third st, near Call building. Particulars R.
G. WILKB. 26% Kearny st.
A— slso; CIGAR store with 3 flne^ living
rooms; kest by owner 10 years; rent $32;
most prominent location on Larkln st Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A $5500; MOST prominent corner saloon; one
block from Phelan bldg.; lease; many for-
tunes made in. this corner;., a very, rare
chance. * Call ;R.; R. G. -WILKE,- 26% Kearny at.
A—s6so;A — $650; CIGAR, tobacco stand, corner, with
laundry office; owner kept place,. 4 years;
business clears above $110 per month; loca-
tion the best: close to Examiner office. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny 8t
A—sl7so;A — $1750; SAUSAGE factory and pork'etore.
\u25a0horf»e. . wagon; business established many
years; has a large patronage In wholesale
trade, also doing rushing store trade; owner
to- retire only cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s2Boo;A — $2800; THE most prominent corner saloon
on Sixth St.; with lease, and cigar stand in
front; quarrels among partners only cause of
eale; not all .cash necessary. Call R. G.
_\\'ILKE. 26% Kearny st. . ..
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; FANCY grocery, and delicatessen
store on Sacramento Et.. Western Addition;
rent $30; 3 years' lease;' full value In tight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— s7ooo; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; place clears about $500 per month; 7
years' lease. Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Keai-
ny St.
A—s2ooo:A — $2000: CORNER eolOon, with lease and llv-
lng-room; about 3 barrels choicest whisky on
hand; location the very best; close to Market
Bt.;- investigate; this Is a'rar* chance.' R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. j
GOOD Call route for tale. Apply at Call
office. ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.. \u25a0_.. .
< LODGING-HOUSES FOR jj SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. — — Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy et, cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
C 5 rooms: new, modern, downtown house;
cheap rent; long lease; well furnished; flrst-
class condition;, choice location and clears
over $250 per month; to be sold at big bargain.
18 rooms; finely located; good furniture and
carpets; is paying well; will exchange for 10
or 12. r00m house In good condition.
B3 rooms; very central; elegantly furnished;
full first-class people, and If conducted as now
will be guaranteed to clear $300 per month the
year round; part cash, balance time.
63 rooms: fine new brick building; choice
central location; newly furnished in best oak
furniture. Axminster -and velvet carpets; elec-
tric elevator, lights and all modern conveni-
ences; beautiful, light and. airy halls; in fact,
a splendid proposition; can- be bought for less
than half cost -to furnish; part cash, balance
long time at low interest; price $3000.
44 rooms; fine corner, close in; well fur-
nished throughout; always full and pays hand-
somely; biggest bargain In city; price :S3COO.
B0 rooms, new and modern; . fine location;
well furnished and jaylng - well, but owner is
obliged to leave city, and to make quick sale
reduced to half cost to furnish for. slsoo.
14 rooms; flne block on Ellis 8t; rent $75-
good furniture and carpets; bargain; $600. '
86 rooms; grand corner; cheap rent; v«ry
centrally located: good oak furniture; flne car-
pets; part Offices; big money-maker; part
down, balance time; price $1800. ,
6 rooms, central; rent $32,50; elegantly fur-
nished little home; flne buy at .$350.
23 rooms, downtown; rent $100; good furni-
ture and .carpets, and If run right can make
a mint ofNnoney out of.it and will only take
$200 to get in; balance can be paid out of
house; price ' $1000. \u25a0 ',
19-TOom corner house; flne location; oak fur-
niture, good carpets; everything flrst-class con-
dition: all full and clearing $75 per month; an
excellent buy at $1250. - ;,- ; /
6-room and alcove beautiful modern flat near
Sutter Bt: all light and > sunny; elegantly; fur-
nished, 'with flne upright piano; bargain; $600.
37 rooms; flne corner.; downtown; cheap rent -
flrst-class furniture and . carpets;, one .of th 4
beet little transient housfes In city and can bo
got at , big bargain ; $2250. -...,.. ,
39 rooms; flne corner;' new and elegantly fur-
nished apartment house; rent $200; price $2800.
14 rooms; fine. location; rent only $50; north
Market; good furniture and carpets; all full;
price $760. • -; .;. \u25a0• : i*-: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.'. . > - -.'\u25a0.; ~ .
- Large list of exchange* of all kinds always
on hand. \u25a0 \u25a0 ,
A. CAMERON & CO.f 3 EDDY ST.
FISHER & CO : . '. . '. V.'.:\':i ~. Phone I.laln 33D4
Room 438 James Flood. building." :'
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
18-ROOM boarding-bouse; good business. In-
qulre 715 Eighth st, Oakland. "
TAYLOR, 11— Twenty-three rooms; nicely fur-
nished; for: sale cheap. ' - -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE— -Coa
MACHINIST, all-ro-jnd. anything, small me-
efcanle; last ciisciiarge from electrical en-
gineers of New South Wales Government
railway. Encyclopedia, box .s!iss. Call.
YOUNG Frenchman with experience wishes po-
sition in institution to take charge of the
laundry or the machinery. Address C. F..
613 California st.
GAKDENER. competent la all branches,
greenhouses, lawn, orchard and vegetables,
wishes steady situation on private place;
references. Box 5043. Call office.
A WILLING and sober young man (Scandi-
navian) wants any kind of work tr> ri o part
of day cr alt day. Box 59«5. Cail Qfflee.
HONEisT, reliable man desires position; ex-
pertenctd driver: weir acquainted- with
streets. Box fe:>7o. Call office.
COACHMAN wants position on gentlemen's
country place: 4 years' references from la^t
place. Box SOU. Ca.l office.
FRENCH and Italian first-clas9 cook wants
position in private family; good references.
1406 Dupont at.
STRONG boy wants position in wholesale
house; 19 years of age. Apply 3812 22d st.
BRIGHT Japanese student wants place as
schoolboy; fine cook. Y. OHASI. 121 Haight.
HONEST Japanese wants a position to do
housework. G. S.. 1621 Mission st.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a position at ele-
vator work. M. GEORGE. 335 Maaon st.
JAPANESE, who can speak good English.
wants steady position as porter In office or
any kind of store. GEORGE YASU. 3 Cen-
tral place.
GOOD Japanese bey*, wants position !to do
housework or schoolboy In small family.
Please write Y. OHARA. 121 Haight st.
JAPANESE couple want situations la family;
man can do housework and wife can do
plain cooking. TAKAGI. 1223 Fulton st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position, city or
country, as plain cook. MIYAMOTO. 523
- Stevenson et. ; phone Mint 3241.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese laundry man wishes
position; speaks English. J. HAYASHI. 3500
Twenty-third st.. San Francisco.
CHINESE excellent cook wishes position, ho-
tel, restaurant, boarding-house; meat and
pastry cook; good references; satisfaction.
1113 Clay St.. upstairs; tel. Black .3653.
CHARLEY WILLMON. *
A GOOD Chinese cook would like position In
family. H. D. WONG. 21 Brenham. plac^. :
tel. China 572.
CHINESE flrst-clasa cook wants a position;
wages $40 and upward. Call at 760 Clay St..
New York Dental Parlor.
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants position;
family. Address 822 Dupont st.
financhl.
realty^yndlc^te^^d~^ntinental
building and loan
certificates purchased; spot cash; highest prtc«.
See me before selling. W.L. Harper. Crocker bid.
REALTY SYNDICATE.
All certificates cashed at top price: state amt.
of certificate; payment will be made lmmedi-
ately. G. P. SHADBURNE Jr.. Call bldg.
REALTY SYNDICATE certificates purchased
for cash at 87% er cent of value. M.
WEST, box S9O<J. Call.
CONTINENTAL B. & L. certificates purchased
for cash. G. P. SHADBI'RNE Jr.. Call MJw.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA A
Every desirable vacant dwelling is listed In
our renting department. Combined lists from
25 of the largest agencies, saves a world of
time and trouble.
Service is absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
1039 Market St.. opposite McAlll3ter.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OP HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department U free to all; we can
find you a home in any part of the city:
ask for no payment other than your good
will: we do not ask you to buy or even look
at the goods; use this department freely;
you are more than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO., 245-239 Ceary
st. (on the square).
$20 AND $22 SO — 5 and 6 rooms; new fiats;
all modern Improvements; blrdseye mapls
parlors and mantels: large porcelain bath;
electric bells and gas lights; all rooms tint-
ed; Coso aye., corner Preclta aye.. ICO feet
from Mlsslon-st. cars; Mission warm belt.
, Inquire S. DUCAS CO.. Chronicle building,
owners. v.
A ' DELIGHTFUL corner Cat. nearly new, S
rooms, basement, etc.: every room sunny;
rent reasonable; half block from Market Bt.
3947 17th St.; take Castro or ISth st. car.
MODERN upper 5, lower 4, rooms, bath; extra
sunny and light. 641-«U.*» Central aye., bet.
Fulton and Grove; $27 50-$25.
NEW middle flat. 7 rooms and Lath: 2 toilets.
2023 Oak st., opp. Golden Gate Park; owl
ear service.
ELEGANT, upper, erunny, 7-room flat; tenant
for the .3 attic rooms if desired. Inquire
1921 Fifteenth st.
A FLAT. 5 rooms and bath; In good order.
1702 & Leavenworth st.
ARMY, between Church and Dolores, four
rooms and bath; new, modern, sunny Sat.
LINDEN aye.. 370— Sunny, up-to-date Cat, S
rooms and bath: rent reasonable.
NEW modern downtown flat, 8 rooms asd^
bath. Apply on premises, 1278 Folsom-9th.
TWO nice sunny rear flats, 4 rooms each;
rent $12. 632 Montgomery st.
WALLER, 220; near Webster — Sunny middle
flat. 6 rooms, bath; fine order; rent $28 50.
$22 — MIDDLE, sunny flat; seven rooms and
bath. 240 Thirteenth st.
$17— FIVE rooms. 1075 Post at., near Larkln.
FOUR rooms and bath 221 Laurel aye.. bet.
Turk and Eddy, eff Van Ness.
NEW flats 8 and 7 rooms; Noe st, bet. l<sth
and 17th; rent $35 and $40. -
SUNNY flat. T rooms and bath. 117 Leavea-
worth st.
TEHAMA, 336^ — Nice, sunny upper four-rocgß
flat; bath.
A NICE sunny flat. '223 Scott St.. near Haight.
SACRAMENTO. 1365— 3-room Cat; gas. large
yard; rent $10. "
SANCHEZ. 1010 — S rooms and bath; latest ta-
provements: large cellar, yard: tun all day.
REED. 26^ — Four sunny rooms. Apply 1323
Washington St.. near Jones.
ELEGANT apartments — 4 rooms, bath each:
rent $20. Franklin st. near Greenwich.
FIVE rocms. bath, sun all day; clean. 8M
Capp. n«ar Twenty- fourth. -
$17— FIVE rooms. 1075 Post St.. near Larktn.
HOWARD. 1158 A —Four tunny rooms: rent
cheap. "'
NOE 1056 — New flat; modern Improvements:
near 24th and Ca3tro cars: 6 rooms.
$17 — FLAT. 4 rooms, bath; large yard. Key
711 Treat aye.
HOWARD 2C09-2613A. near 22nd — Modern up-
per and lower sunny flats. 6-7 rs. ; $22 80-S2O.
NICE corner flat; 3 rooms and bath. 1002 ila-
»on »t. near Sacramento. f . . j
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — Lower 5-room flat, new preferred.
in Mission district: 11 years In present Cat;
no children: $22 50 about. Box 8773. Call.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
$33^A~ SNAP to right party: an elegantly fui>
nlshed upper modern Hat; every convenience:
six rooms, bath. yard, garden: half block
from cars: to lease by year If desired. 4023
Seventeenth St.. near Caatro.
TWENTY-FIRST. • 3271 — Parlor floor of four
newly furnished rooms; piano. \u25a0'V
$17 — NEATLY furnished flat; laundry; nice
garden. 11 to 4, 1188 Noe st
1535 EDDY St., 'furnished flat seven rooms.
TWENTIETH, 4141. near Castro— s nicely fur-
nlshed sunny rooms; piano: call 9-X2: $^0-
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FIVE rooms Mission warm belt; piano, etc.:
also 3-room apartm't; $60. . 917 Minna, r. S.
j[ FURNITURE FOR S VLE.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pl-
anos &«Furn. Whltehvad'a Storage. I'3''> Mkt.
FURNITURE WANTED.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
st.. bet 9th and loth, paying big money for*' 1
furniture, etc. Phone South ITS. * ;
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fnr-
nlture. carpets, etc. 752 Mission; tel. Bush Sx-i.
Z. ABE LEVY. 1133 Market Bt. phone Jessia
701. paya cash and buys everything.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
IF YOU CONTEMPLATE - ,
CONSULTING A CLAIRVOYANT
Several things should be taken' under consld-
I S eration.
The honesty, the_ reliability of advice, the
methods of procedure", the reputation for hon-
est work, satisfactory services and secrecy.
I- these things are considered, you will consult
LIVINGSTONE.
His past record the best indorsement.
Three years of continuous work in San Fran-
cisco and a clientage of thousands ought to ni
a man's standard, and it does.
He will tell you whether your present busi-
ness investments will be successful.
No matter what may be your hope, fear or
ambition, call on this gifted man.
Do not struggle with a troubled mina wnen
for a trifling amount there is relief.
He telle you everything, good or bad. \u25a0
You hear the truth and nothing but tne
truth.
. TAKE' NOTICE. ._
His only reason for giving your name in
full, or any important information you may
desire, la that he does this incidentally as a
chain to read by. !>£££
If you are discontented, unhappy, discour-
aged, unsuccessful or In 111 health, call on
PROFESSOR LIVINGSTONE
And he will aid you In life's greatest blessings.
HEALTH, WEALTH AND HAPPINESS.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
READINGS $1. '
26V4— KEARNY ST.— 26^.
HOURS 10 A. M. TO 8 P. M.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
: PROFESSOR NIBLO.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
—PROFESSOR NIBLO, _
ASTRO-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT
MY $5 CELEBRATED LIFE READINGS, $1.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fall to call you by
name In full, names of your friends, enemies
or rivals: I promise to tell you whether your
husband, wife or sweetheart is true or false,
tell you how to gain the love of the one you
most desire, even though miles away: how to
succeed in business, speculation, lawsuits;
how to marry the one of your choice; how to
regain youth, health and vitality; removes
evil influences, cures drink habit; locates
treasures, cures all nervous disease*.
How can I have good luck?
How can I succeed in business?
How can \u25a0 I make my home happy?
How can I marry the one I choose?
How coon can I marry?
How can I make any one love me?
How coon will my lover propose?
How can I get a good position?
How can I control any one?
How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife'e love?
HOURS, 10 TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES ST. .
Permanently located in his own home.
' PROFESSOR NIBLO.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
PROFESSOR' NIBLO.
AAA— The Great. Only and Original
<\u25a0 PRINCESS EUGENIA.
The Veiled Prophetess,
Dead Trance Medium,
Trance Clairvoyant.
• Born with a Double Veil.
Educated in Occult In Egypt and India.
$5 Complete Life Readings, $1.
Tells your name — Tells you when and whom
you will marry.
Settles love quarrels and promptly re-
; unites the separated, no matter how long
• standing.
• Advises in regard to speculation In real
estate, mining and minerals — locates mines—
lost and stolen articles.
Removes evil Influences and gives you
power to control the one you love.
London's most famous palmist and clair-
voyant; is acknowledged by press and pub-
lic the greatest living dead trance medium.
She tells you what you came for before
you utter a word; does not : ask questions,
no matter what your trouble' may be.
Call and ehe will guide you with cer-
tainty higher than human power. Tells
you the truth, good or bad. \u25a0
Write her If you can't call. Six questions
answered by mail, $1. Send date birth, lock
hair.
Hours— lo to 5 daily and Sunday,
"Private; no sign; ring bell. 404 — Eddy at— 4o4
A— ' *
: " ' 4. -*" -** ' , .
PROFESSOR ALEXANDER DELMAR. '
The Greatest Living
Clairvoyant. Palmist and Psychic Healer.
The Only Yogi Mediator
Of Secret Influence in America.
Without asking you a single question he
callH you by name, tells your mother's maid- '
en name, tells you the name of friends, ene-
mies or rivals, tells you what you came for,
t*lls whom and when you marry; In fact,
e-v-e-r-y-t-h-1-n-g.
No matter what your troubles, sickness or
desire may be. Professor Dslmar will help
you; kind, honorable and confidential treat-
ment to all. Full life. $1. No pay In ad-
vancp and unless you are entirely satisfied
you do not pay a penny, i Dally from 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; Saturdays to 8 p. m.; Sun-
days, Ito 4 p. m. 114 Geary st. .
' - . '\u25a0 \ '
A— MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St.
Clairvoyant,- crystal seeiv— can be consulted
on all affairs of life; Miss Wllle guarantees
an honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; re-
veals the past; gives correct forecast of your
futures; advises you on important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, .charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. m.; French, German, English spoken.
ST. GEORGE ORMONDE, 1007% Market st.
Egyptian seer, clairvoyant, psychic, palmist.
Helps the troubled: removes all evil.
Advises on love, business, mining, lost vi-
tality, weak habits, sales, purchases, health,
enemies, * rivals; glve3 secret powere . of con-
trol; teaches personal magnetism.
Ass reading. $1. Hours 10-8. Open Sunday.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St., San Fraxjclsco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays 10 to 12. Phone
South 1141. \u25a0'. ' '• \u25a0-
MME. KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fall try me; good
reading 25c; no 'sign. 102^ 6th. nr. Mission.
.MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guar. ; 25c up. 17 3d, next Examiner bid.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals hidden secrets, love, business, etc. :
names; L. 50c, G.'sl. 533 Golden Gate aye.
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives names, advice in all affairs. 5 4th st. -
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108. Sixth st. to 954. Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call,
1C pages, in wrapper.for mailing. $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J- WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader." 1206 Market, r.lO. Gait House.
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser, no
better In city. 110 Sixth at., room 8.
EARLE'S seance Sun.. "Wed., 219 Eddy St.;
readings. Hotel Hlgglns. O'Farrell Bt.
" PALMISTRY. _ " - _\u25a0_
A RETURNED, H. Jerome Fosselll. scientific
palmist, 612 Mason, nr. Sutterr tel.Wack Wk>S.
MME. MAY, palmest . and card reader. 3532
ISth st.. nr. Sanchez: hours, 1 to 6; 60c.
HYPNOTISM.
DE LAUFF, magnetist, 709 Bush; hours 1-5;
nervous, mental Ills, habits cured; no drugs.
COLLECTION OFFICES^^^j
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
- city or country. Pacific Collection^ Co.. 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS.
DREXLER^AINLESS . DENTAiTcoSpaNyI
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth, $2; silver fillings, 25c; gold
: fillings, $1 ; gold crowns, $3 ; bridge work, $3.
".1104 Market St., corner Turk. ; .;, ;
A NEW plate — The Whalebone: — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates, $5.;. full set; • all work painless and
warranted. Chipago Dental ' Parlors, 24 Sixth."
DR. LUDLUM,HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th —
i :No charge \u25a0' for extracting ; when plates are
. \u25a0; made ;• old plates made. over like new; teeth
from $B' per set; extracting 50e; gas given.'.
FILLINGS. 2oc and 50c; crowns, • $2. NEW
; YORK DENTISTS, 96ft Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c; crowns, $2, no
pain: op. Sun. Dr. A.C.Hewitt.- 101% Grant ay.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
M^D^W^L^/^reslmaltlng~andrMilllnery School
\u25a0-, — Eve. class; patterns cut. 1190 Market 8t. , ..-
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
i art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.'
RooTiilnc-HouwcM andJgotelaJto^Sale^.
marion. griffin. . v
. . marion griffin.
"Marion griffin.
* \u25a0 •
970 - Market - St. - room -- 801 -Eighth
floor — Jamas — Flood — Building — opp^ite
"The — Emporium." — Phone — Ma '"-JixQ
Modem — Business — Methods. — RO P ss t ra cti
and — APARTMENT - Houses. — *»* racts
furnished. — All — titles .—-guaranteea.
v. qq U r — Ellis — St. — Entrance —^18 -
-TH E ;_ GOLD-iN^'wEST- HOTEL-
.—TAKE — THE — ELEVATOR—
." • . \u25a0
Special.
Owner under con-
» tract to leave this city
on Important busi-
ness; must sell his «<-
room corner house;
clean as a pin; full of
; \u25a0 • roomers; \u25a0 monthly
profit $123. y.
' MAKE
- \u25a0 - TOUR OW JW
— TO—
' ' - MARION GRD7FIN. -
'- . 970 Market st.
. $1000 (first payment)
secures splendid 36-
room
FAMILY BOARDING - • :
HOUSE. •
ITS A MANSION
With EXTENSIVE
. ' , . GROUNDS filled with
- Bhrubbery' and-flower-
/ . Ing plants. OAK and ,
MAHOGANY . furni- , •
ture ',
. . What does the bust- ,
. . ness pay?
The BANKABLE)
PROFIT is $207
, — each 30. days —
Isn't that good for
, a little capital of
only $1000?
Exclusively with
MARION GRIFFIN.
40 rooms.
Rent $140— (53% per
room).
NICE LOOKING
CORNER house with
many big, roomy bay- %
windows.
Near SUTTER street.
East of Van Ness aye.
Worth $3000; will
positively accept any
> • otter 'down to $1400.
: \u25a0 Good manager should
clear $160 to $200
monthly.
[MARION GRIFFIN.
, ' 23 rooms for $1100
(part cash and month- \
\y installments).
—BRAND NEW-
FURNISHINGS.
MEN ROOMERS
ONLY.
$3 per room rent.
— Lease for 5 rooms — ,
Note. — This house
was furnished, by a _,*
rich lady for a friend > \u0084
\u25a0 \u25a0 who cannot now take
charge. Profit about •
- $38 monthly Exclu-
sively for sale by
MARION GRIFFIN.
801 James Flood bldg.
APARTMENT
* HOUSE.
\u25a0s ' " 81 rooms laid out in
3-room apartments;
roomers take care of
their own rooms ;
landlady cares for the
halls.
$1600 PRICE $1600
Nicely located , w on .
sunny side/hear Lfir- .'
kin and Turk; 5 blocks
Inorth of Market st.
|LOW RENT, lees than
— $4}4 per room — ;
NICE class of QUIET, -
. r ' (PERMANENT room- '
\u25a0 crs.
— See—
• MARION .GRIFFIN, .
- - 970 Market St..
Opp. The Emporium.
I OUR
lEllla-et. entrance Is
, OPPOSITE
The S
j GOLDEN WEST
) HOTEL. -- ' \u25a0
— 222 rooms — " .
FINEST and best
\u25a0 apartment house of
222 rooms In San
. Francisco. It is .1
—MAGNIFICENT—
New»and right up to
date.
—For A—
Money-making busi-
ness It could not be.
better located.
It caters to •
WEALTHY PEOPLE "
who want \u25a0 SWELL
• • ' APARTMENTS with
all the comforts of
home. EXACT BOOK
ACCOUNTS are kept,
which arc open to
bona-flde Investlga-
PROFIT $0000 to
$8000 yearly.
This house can only
be Inspected . by a
buyer who Is accom-
panied and vouched
j for by 'ft y
i MARION GRIFFIN,
THE AGENT,
Room 801,
James Flood Building.
—60 rooms —
NEW and MODERN.
Beautifully, furnished. '
6 YEARS' LEASE.
July Profit $198.
ELECTRIC
ELEVATOR.
No convenience omit-
ted known to an up-
to-date architect.
— See — •
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market
' 10 « rooms
. $280 ,#250 •
• Rent $32 :
Clears living for man
and . wife.
-.' " A — clean — sunny — flat.
HIGHLY
. RESPECTABLE.
Large and elaborate,
but a great bargain.
. — By—
I MARION GRIFFIN.
.'...\u25a0-. 970 Market. : \u25a0 \u25a0 ,
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpet and rugs . also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company, 308 Market
"St.; phone Main 162 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work, ;
fiend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-337 Tchama St., Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison st. ; ' Al - cleaning, 3c. FRED j HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225. .
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co.,P; McQueen
. proprietor. \u25a0 329 : Guerrero' st. ;: tel.- Mission 49.
CARPETS clean., fit., lay. 530 G.G.ave. ;phone
East 1965. Star Ren. ; Co., W.~ Wagner, Mgr.
CARPETS cleaned and laid, Sc a yard. KLEIN-
ERT. 1520 -Polk St.; phone East 725. -\u0084 ;; .--.;
CONKLIN'S Superior : Carpet : Beating Works,
' -Golden Gate aye. & Larkln; phone East 126. '
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main "04. GEO. WALCOM &'CO., Props.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth 'i at.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard.' "Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLP.H & <k).. carpet-beating Tvorks; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison Bt.: tel. Mission 263.
LACE CURTAINS ' AND ' BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New ' York Curtain House; ;. most
\u25a0 complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. 1324 Flllmore: phone Plne-2022. :
-^^^CUREJFOR^R^PTURE.- \u25a0 \u25a0 \ -irr
DR. PIERCE"S: Magnetic '"Elastic I Truss; per-
fect retainer;;- positive, cure; book -free. Re-
: -moved to 206 'Kearny- st.,'; room 307. - • >
I 1 DO : not cure rupture, !, but ' can j hold them lln
place. WEDEKIND.' '44O Geary -Bt
.•\u25a0•*\u25a0 '
' EDUCATIONAL.
AMERICAN School for Opera and Drama —
. Places graduates through the Theatrical Ex-
change in Europe and America; vocal (Italian
method) ; " opera, ,<srama. concert, vaudeville.
sketches, plays, songs and music written. Tel.
East 44C1. Mice. Jenny Ward Hays, director;
Mine. Tregear. bus. manager. 1225 Geary st.
A THOROUGHLY experienced public school
teacher wishes to coach school children of
any grade for examinations or in regular
n school work; nervous, delicate or backward
children a specialty; terms reasonable. 31J
Jones St.; phone East 30U5.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law. medical colleges;
refs., Prea. Jordan or any Stanford prof.;
summer session begins June 5. Phelan bldg.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory and Act-
ing; fall term begins September 4; day and
evening classes; positions guaranteed. Cata-
logue, 1295 Market st.
ALL who desire good positions should attend
tMs college;' we. have had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege. 73S Mission st.
A — METROPOLITAN Bus. CoL; Cal. B. C. stu-
dents with us; stenographers trained: posi-
• tlona s'cured. 025 Golden Gate. Webster & Co.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE has removed to larger quarters at 933
• Market at.; best location in city; catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post st.. S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.
Established 1563; largest In the West; an-
nu&l enrollment 1000; send for circular.
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2026 Cal.
at.; fall term begins Monday. August 7. 1906.
WESTERN Bus. College, 1281 Market st:
thorough com, course by experts. Catalogue.
GIRLS and boys wanted; operatic and dramat-
lc work. 1225 Geary St.: phone East 4461.
HINMAN'3 Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; all branches. 1412 Polk at., nr. Cal.
EMPLOY3IENT OFFICES.
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office
promptly furn. all kinds of reliable help.
George Sakauye. 421 Post St.. Tel. Bush 133.
UP-TO-DATE Japanesa-Chlnese emp. office fur-
nishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. SAIKI. 405 Post at.; tel. James 501.
STAR Employment Office — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell at.; tel. Main 1751.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Ofnce — Japanese-
Chineee help. 420 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
Finest Japanese help; house cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kuniabe, 343 Mason; tel. Jam's 82S1.
AN old estab. (1850) Chinese emp. nffice; C.
CHONG'S> removed to 518 Pine; te).Grant 156.
H. W. HONG, 1113 Clay St.; Chinese employ-
ment office; beat help. Tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furn-
ished; house cleaning. 708 Taylor; James 7636
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 313 Stockton. Main 51*3.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
TRAINED nurse and stenographer wishes
place In doctor's or dentist's office; small
Biliary with short hours acceptable: Oakland
preferred. Box 6031. Call. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper would take
charge of home for small family or club;
town or country; references. Box 6032, Call.
Oakland.
AN experienced dressmaker wishes engage-
ments; $175 per day; references. Box 9058,
Call office.
A WOMAN wants work by day sweeping,
cleaning or light washing; $1 50 a day and
carfare. Box 8930. Call office.
DRESSMAKER, up-to-date style and finish.
will go out. Box 5950, Call office.
A YOUNG woman would like a few places to
sew. Call 825 Folsom at.
WANTED— Position as waitress. 163 Ninth
street. - •. \u25a0 ..
FIRST-CLASS pianist and accompanist wishes
position. Box 8779, Call office.
GERMAN woman would like plain sewlntc to
.do at home. 62 Ellis st. s
A RELIABLE woman wants position to do
housework; is good cook and laundress; city
or country. 10 Wetmore place, oft Clay St.,
bet. Powell and Mason.
A GOOD, willing young .woman would like a,
nice place to da light housework; 2 in family;
very obliging, good, clean worker. Call or
address L. H.. 1015 Powell Bt. t
YOUNG German woman with a small boy
wants position as ' housekeeper: country pre-
ferred. MKS. HOFFMAN. 3125 East Four-
teenth St.. FruUvale, Cal.
WANTED — By Swedish girl, second work in
family; $30 month; no washing. Box 9042.
Call. „ • "
COMPETENT woman to take charge of room-
ing-house; transient preferred. Address MRS.
J. W. GREUN. 119 Larkin st.
: SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework and cooking; good cook. Call 2052
McAllister St., bet. Central and Masonic.
RELIABLE woman wishes washing, ironing
or sweeping for Saturday ; . $1 50 and car
fare. Address box 8967. Call office. .
A GOOD cook wishes a steady place in a good
family; American cooking; no housework;
$30 to ?35. Phone Howard 2933.
A NORTH German, speaks French, wishes
position, care of children or lady. Box 8969.
Call office. : -_
A YOUNG girl wants a position to do general
housework and plain cooking. Call at 2603
Bryant st., near Twenty-fourth.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wants position in pri-
vate family; good wages. Apply 461 Ste-
venson st.
A REFINED German girl wishes position to
assist with small children and teach German;
good references. Box 8061, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagement; $1 50 per day. 4 Morse place,
off Broadway, near Leavenworth st.
NURSE wishes confinement case for August,
or Invalid to care for. Address MRS. L 8.,
1836 Hyde at. •
POSITION wanted by flrst-class saleslady.
. Box 9071. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes light housework. Address
-708% Folsom st.
EMPLOYMENT MALE.
EXPERIENCED middle-aged man would like
clerical, managerial or generally useful posi-
tion; city or country; healthy, good habits,
considerate and trustworthy; bond if neces-
sary- Box 5935. Call; phone West 104.
MACHINST, all-round hand; anything on
small machinery; specially adapted to slot
machines, cameras, phonographs, clocks.
etc. ; can furnish first-class references. Box
5979. Call office. _^
FINE entre cook wishes position.
Do you want a flrst-class cook?
Do you wish a first-class baker?
Call or address room 313, James Flood bldg.
A GENERAL blacksmith and shoer wants
work In the city; strictly sober. Box 872*.
' Call office. .
GENTLEMAN would accompany invalid East;
no compensation expected for services. Ad-
dress box 2552. 1008 Market Bt.
WANTED— A Job as night porter. Box 9060.
Call office. ,
A YOUNG man wants employment in • gro-
cery. Address box 9059. Call offlce I_j1 _j
WANTED — Situation: middle-aged . gardener
and florist wishes position either commercial
or private: understands business thoroughly
In all its branches with the very best of
references. O. HAEFFNER. 514^ Third st.
DANISH man, middle-aged, wants situation;
plain - gardener or man about place: private
family and country "preferred; is sober and
steady: best, of references. Address AN-
DREW JOHNSON. 331 Kearny. room 37.
YOUNG man for office position; competent,
good experience, best : references. Box, 9045.
Call. ..\u25a0;-... - \u25a0 *< _
YOUNG man. sober, steady, willing. . wants
work on private place; horses, cows, garden.
etc.; wages $25 to $50. Box 0037. Call.
AN Eastern man wants a position as salesman
where advancement Is possible. Address or
phone 185, Grand Hotel. .-"-:- \u25a0 \u25a0 f
RELIABLE man wishes position as watchman;
flrst-class references and ' cash " bond given.
Box'S9C2, Call office.
GERMAN wants position . ns coachman; per-
fectly experienced in driving- and care of
horses. ' Box 9CCB. Call office. •
''POSITION wanted by shoemaker: city or out.
• J. , BLONDY/ 403 • Broadway.- San Francisco.
WHEELWRIGHT, . without tools, wants -posl-
tlon; city or country. Box 9014. Call.
GOOD j grocery ' clerk . -wishes work:-can bring
, some trade. Address box DOia. Call of flea.
MKETrXG XOTICES — Continued.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodire. No. 260. F. c:
& A. M.— The officers and members VV
are requested to attend the funeral /v»
of our deceased brother. JOSEPH
CHARLES HALL, on SUNDAY. August 13,
at 1 :30 o'clock, from the Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery sts.
I HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
I KXCELSIOR Desrrce Lodge No. 2.
1 O. U. F. — Itesular mutiny
! THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. :^<J3Eg§§P
Second dejree. '-^JWW^
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
KAUS Lodge No. 202, K. of P., meets jSf*
to-night in Pythian Hall, 220 Golden
Gate aye. Visitors welcome. "IStKS
CHAS. XAGELE. a C. . £&3?
H. P. ADAMS. K. of R. and S. " «e^*>
ATTORNEVS-AT-LAW.
AA— DIVORCE; costs. $12; quick, quiet; ad-
vice free; no charge unless successful; open
evenings; wills, deeds, leases, bills of sale
and articles of co-partnership carefully pre-
pared; bankruptcy, collections, and probating
of estates, i>2" Market St., room 301.
AA— DIVORCE costs 512.
Quick, quiet: legal advice free.
No charge unless successful.
All law business.
Examiner building, room 816. third floor.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general courts and office
practice: no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
W. MATTHEWS, attorney and counselor at
law, C 32 Market et., room 23; 21 years' ex-
perience; all courts; general court and office
practice; consultation free; open evenings.
ADIVE free; le^al divorce costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee In advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint-
ment; call and save money. 819 Mkt.. r. 33.
L. 6. CLARK. 927 Market, room 302, consulta-
tlon free; no fee In advance. Open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
I WANT to exchange property In Oakland for
a first-class gasoline auto touring car; five
persons; side entrance; nothing but a first-
class, up to date machine will be consid-
er^.. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oak-
land.
FOR SALE. $90O— A $1550 '05 side entrance
20-horse power Oldsmoblle touring car. used
one month. C. E. WRIGHT. 835 Octavla.
OLD'S runabout; a snap. Call at 217 Ellis.
WALTER S. FRANCE.
A bargain— l9os White touring car, practically
new. Cu6 Van Ncsa aye.. nr. Golden Gate aye.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS make $5 to ?10 a day selling "King
of Lights"; best gas light in market; sales-
men wanted for Frisco and adjoining towns
and cities; territory for good men; work
evenings and add to your income. WILL-
TOM GAS LIGHT CO.. 430 Jones gt.
THE Remind Me. a profitable side line for all
salesmen; sells to everybody. COMMERCIAL
SUPPLY CO.. 424 Kohl bldg.. San Francisco.
ASTHMA CURE.
A. DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures; for sale
by all druggists; main depot 1602 Market St.,
St. Nicholas Hotel; 10c, 25c, 50c postage.
SUNNY cottage and good home for 1 or 2 chil-
dren; near school. 1910 Barker st.. near
Sacramento.
FAMILY would like two chlidren to board;
best of care; large yard; $20. 483 Ninth at.
BICYCLES.
RAMBLER tandem bicycle for lady and gent;
almopt new; G. & J. tires; will exchange for
single wheel with coaster brake. MAN-
AGER. 319 Sutter Bt.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. 1828 Polk at.
BUSINESS CIIA.\CES.
R. E. CALLAHAN, 26 Montgomery st.
Telephone John 6806.
Business locations and leases a specialty.
Confidential Information on several first-class
groceries and bars; also several well-located
and good-paying saloons.
55000— 21-ROOM hotel and bar In Monterey
Co., including property of 200-ft. frontage on
Main Et.. and all the Improvements, which
consist of a livery stable, two buggies, two
wagons, six horses, harness complete; Co tons
of hay, 125 sacks crushed barley, 10 hogs, 2
cows, water works, 3-room cottage, com-
pletely furnished; everything nrEt-class
chape; receipts of hotel and bar guaranteed
to be not less than $100U per month. Full
particulars R. E. CALLAHAN. 20 Mont-
gomery »t. ,
A— CAMERON & CO \u25a0 Phone South 1060
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A—s3oooA — $3000 buys flrst-class coal, wood and lee
business; also electric plant for sawing wood;
located in .fine bay town; equipped with
horses and wagons; doing good business;
clearing over $150 per month; established ten
years; owner has other business and cannot
devote his time to it. See CAMERON & CO.
A— AN investment of $500 to $1000 will secure
the position of secretary and treasurer for
first -class corporation; salary $100 per
month; is well established; bank references.
See CAMERON & CO.
GROCERY and bar; prices $1300 to $3000.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777% Market st.
SALOONS— AII prices; $750 to $5000.
Milk route, baker shops, repair shops, car-
penter Ehops. blacksmith shops, coal yards.
Oyster and chop house, $176 to $1500.
Grocery, branch bakery, school suplles; $350.
Stationery and notion stands; millinery.
Candy, soda water and ice cream parlors.
Cigar stands, all kinds and prices. Offices,
houses, apartments, flats and transient. -
Ranches, all kinds, with and without fruit.
Restaurants and delicatessen stands.
$4700 — Up-to-date corner saloon; Kearny at.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777^ Market st.
$S00 — PARTNER In corner grocery and bar:
finely situated north of Market: established
30 years and doing business that Justifies
price; departure only cause of sale; a thor-
ough investigation invited. See RIORDAN
& LESS, 935 Market St., room 6.
51CU0 — BAKERY in Western Addition; one of
the finest In Its neighborhood; receipts $750
to $800 Der month: all store trade the very
best; trial given; thorough Investigation af-
forded; owner has other business. RIORDAN
& LESS, 935 Market St.. room 5.
WATCHES — $1 down and $1 a week; any kind
of case or movements. RALPH & ED. 143
Powell st., upstairs.
WATCHES, diamonds. Jewelry, silverware and
sealskins on small weekly or monthly pay-
ments. RALPH & ED. 143 Powell, upstairs.
FULLY equipped etudlo. In existence 16 years
with 13,000 negatives, In San Diego, for eale;
fine epportunty for right party. Further
particulars at The Dake Advertising Agency,
124 Sansome St., San Francisco.
$300 — FOR the swellest moving outfit and busi-
ness in town; snappy, up-to-date wagon and
team; cannot be resisted when seen. J. D.
PHILLIPS, northwest corner Eleventh and
Broadway, Oakland. -..
TO lease— A brick plant: 40.000 capacity dally;
engine, boiler, crusher and every facility for
making first-class brick; unlimited quantities
cf clay. Apply DR. C. C. O'DONNELL,
1021% Market st.; tel. South 622. > •
FOR sale— Part or all of $350,000 sawmill
proposition, with valuable adjuncts; sure
money-maker, but needs money to swing it;
principals only. Address box 7946. Call.
A PARTNER wanted with $200 In a long es-
tabllshed, genteel business; will pay $90
monthly to each; experience not necessary;
short hours. Call 1027% Market St., room 2.
A GOOD business opening for sale; a combined
creamery, delicacy, bakery, etc.; centrally
located in South Berkeley; main street; terms
carh. Apply 3210 Adeline St.
TAILOR shop (repairing) for sale; living
rooms; large kitchen; yard; centrally locat-
ed: cheap rent. Box 5975. Call. N
EASTERN party to take hold of two novel
patents; one Just Issued and the other al-
lowed. Box 8723. Call.
FOR Bile — Carpenter Jobbing shop with tools
and material: retiring on account of age.
F. BISHOP, IC2O Flllmore et., San Francisco.
A FIRST-OT, ASS saloon: wholesale district;'
old, reliable Ftand: doing jrocd business*
chegp rent. Wundor Brewing Co.
BUTCHER shop doing a good business; good
reasons for selling; good fixtures. 21C8 Fif-
teenth «t.
12500— PARTNER, gentleman, business ex-
perience; assume duties office San Franclsco-
ncw opening: large returns. Box 8349. Call.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call Business Office for particulars. >
?12«"0— SALOONMAN tie partner; new place;
have lease, licenses, fixtures, etc. 8793, Call.
SALOON— COI Waller, cor. Stetner; very
cheap; good transient corner. . \
FOR eale — A cigar stand. Call at 113 Eddy
St., near Tlvoll Theater.
HAY. grain, wood and coal yard; account of
sickness; must selU 1630 Mission st.
•JOIIX D. SPHECKELS Proprietor
A^dreFs CciuniunlcatiAis to
.IOIIX McXAUGUT. Manager
\V. J. MAUTIX liusiness Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Wl " £° n "
nect You With tne Pepartteti't »« %vl * n -
Publication Office Market end T l lird. S. F. ,
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson *i-
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. P^-^ft* 7 °
Cts. For Month. 6ta*U Co^l'X'"^*
Terms by Mail, taclttdto* Vf**** <Ca
DAILY CALL ctaelud. SunJayJ^ \u25a0» £,!?/\u25a0 i
DAILY CALL llcdad. Sunday). 6 mos... ••« ,
DAILY CALL— By BlvgU M° ntn o*so
ST-NDAY CALL. 1 *«** J'OQ
WEEKLY CALL 1 ?*%&?£;iS£im
FOREIGN (SSS^JSm P« Tm* ExUa
POSTAGE. ixvStkbr l-^ Per Year Kxtta
ALL I>OSTMA^EKS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTION S.
Bamrle Copits will -when re-
Mall iubEcrlber e^n e o'*deVing . cha Ef? h °vEW
<!re6 6 should be particular to gx\*°% t *£ a
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to lr-sore _a
prompt acd correct compliance with their re-
cueat.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
JOl6 Broadway Telephone Main 1063
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
1435 Park Cirtet. Near Kama Clara Avenue.
Phone A:ameda 559.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tI4S Center Street Telephone North T7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
JAMES 6. TYLER Poet Building
NETV YORK NEWS STANDS:
•Ualdorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brenta.no 31
Cr.lon Squart ; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hoi*l ar.d Hcfi'man House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. N«ews Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Trtmont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
\u25a0 C. GEOKGE KKOGNESS. Marquette Building
<Lo:.£ DisnaiiCe r«-k:-pt-one, •'Central 2t}l». J
NEW YORK REP RESENT ATIVE:
CTEPHEN B. SMITH CO Tribune Building
NETV YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTON Herald Square
BCEIXESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; orea until
32 o'clocii every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
JCOS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
ttoti Montgomery aye.; open until 9 p. m.
£X' Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€•''!• KcAUlsO-r street; open until 9:30 p. m.
61S Larkln street; open until 8:30 p. m.
3:141 MisMon street; cpen until 10 p. m.
108 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
ICM Valencia etreet; open vi.til 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
op»?n until 9 p. m.
2CuO Killmcre etreet ; open until 9 p. m.
1O SLUSCItIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOII THE SIMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating a
cbtingc of retiidence during: tbe summer
month* can have tbeir paper forwarded
by mnil to tbeir m-vv address by notify-
ing THE CALL Business Office. Tbis
paper trill also be on Dale at all summer
renorts and in represented by a local
agent in all towns on tbe coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
FOR Auld Lang Syne — St. Andrew 1 * . r-i,
Soei«ty will celebrate the anniver- qS, %MO/2
pary or the birth of Sir Walter XvCtS*
bcott on MONDAY EVENING, 14th > *=2Nfc
of August, in Scottish Hall, 107 Larkin et.
Protestor H. Morse }Heph,ens. M. A., will de-
livc-r an address on the genius and works of
Hcott. Sonss, recitations, etc., taken from
the »ork> of Scott will be rendered by the
best lEient r-rocurable. Ticket* Use, to b«
liad of John Reid & Son, 7S Geary st., Han-
t*-n Ac Elrick, Third and Market, or from
. raenbers of the eociety.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
PANY — A t-pecial meeting of the stockholders
cf the Southern Pacinc Railroad Company
will fee held at the office of the company. In
loom 121<>. In the Merchants' Exchange
building, in the city and county of San
Francisco, in the State cf California, the
tame being the principal place of business
of eaid corporation, and being the building
where the board 0' directors of said corpora-
tion usually meet, en the 2Sth day of August,
Is \u25a0< .".. at the hour of 12 o'clock noon, to con-
t: !• r and act upon the propositions:
First, to increase the capital etock of cald
corporation to one hundred and sixty million
<:c:iars (Jl«. ; o.tiiX),i l ooj, and for that purpose to
. amend article VI of the articles of Incorpora-
tion and contolidaticn of the company to
read as follow?:
"The amount or the capital stock of said
corporation shall be one hundred and sixty
Euiiion dollars ($1W>,000,000). divided InU>
cr.e million s'.x hundred thousand (1.600,00'})
thares of the par value or one hundred dol-
\i-xf- ($100) each, which said amount of capi-
tal itock (Joes not exceed the amount actually
required fcr the purposes of the said corpora-
tion, Bnd is the amount actually required
and ascertained to be necessary tor construct-
ing, completing, equipping, operating and
r.:ilntair.i:ig its road, and is so estimated by
competent er.gir.ters, as will appear by the
written estimate of euch engineers, duly
tjpned by them, and filed In the office and
frtr.cipal place cf business aforesaid of said
corporation."
And to amend paragraph third of article
SZII cf the tald articles to read as follows:
"The number cf directors of said con-
cclldaied corporation thai; be eleven Ol)
asd.the amount of the capital etock of eaid
corporation Ehaii be one hundred and sixty
million dollars <( 100,000,000). which eaid
•count of capital Etock is the amount ac-
tually required for the purposes of said cor-
t jiix'.i ' :i. and is the amount actually re-
quired and ascertained t 0 be necessary for
constructing. com;,ietin{r. equippia?. operat-
ing and maintaining its road, and is co
*stimat«l by competent engineers, as will
tpjear by the aforesaid vmtten estimate of
*a;d engineers duly tigned by them and en
O as aforesaid. Said cap.tal stock of said
ccrpcretlcn thai: be divided into one million
a:x hundred thousand (l.COo.uoo) thaxe
vt the rar raise of one hundred dollari
<lIOC, each, of which «ra<d shareV of £13
capital rtock th» following have been sub-
SCrtbed by and allotted to the stockholder!
cf taio constituent <orporaUon«. as h.r"in
fttxer (f>t lorth. to wit:" ""^ "<-r..io-
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad /•«»
jar-y. incorporated, organized and exiiTi, I
u*«r the laws of th.- State -of califo™./
*r.d to its rharehold. rs. one miilton ° n^
leurteon thousand two hundred and fort v-^S.
art ClXty one-hundredth* (l.oujil «f-HSo>
•To the Southern Pacific Railroad /.„_
pur. incorporated, organized and exl«°^
ctder the laws of the Territory of Ih''" s
ar.c to its ftockholdtre. one \u25a0 hundred .^
SwSS^rS?^ mac huadred «* a#
"To the Southern Pac«<3 Railroad rv»»
t*nv of New Mexico incorWat^ "SLSSS
•re existing under the law*«£, r the t!^?
cX New Mexico and to itV VtockhoVrt T
BUcOr-dcfat theiiusaad eipht hundred -blj
tlghty-elcht <CS.SSS) chares." uunare «l and
"Tlie btvcral tluckholders of ...1, ,
conetnuesit corporations ehali have rL,£Lf aW
them by the said consolidated cor nnto ™t. to
paid up fharcs of the capita I stock? n ? i? a
coniclidatej corporation out of th I tha
thereof subscribed by and aliottiS *™™»
etockholders of their respective If .? th *
corporations to the like amount 2nf, tUue , nt
«o!lar. et their par value with the nar*^,? 1 "
<r the ; hares held by tuch MoctwL U
their respective constituent corporVJi .. ln
Thereatter and secondly, to ST ,
ri incebtedness of said corporation a f bond "
araount In the ai^re^t* of one hundiiS a
clxty million dollars <$iw,dt« oom ,* d *"*
ccin of the Ur.ited States <a portion* or »?? £
U to be used in retiring existing borA?* , Cb
eebtedness). and to increase tbl w^ n '
debtcdnes* cf eaid corporation ud ,n \u2666£"
amount in the aggregate of one hunU,ll the i
Jixty million dollars <*1W.0<,0.00m n(s r? <J s°* I
coin of the United States, and to secure th
»aid proposed bonded Indebtedness h v *
tnortKage upon the railroads, franchise. \, n 5
property cf the company now owned or C
elter acquired, and the Income thereof Zl
.uch pen thereof as may be Pre scr ; be j ?f
the mcrtgaee; and to cetermlne the form an 2
terms of said bonds and .mortgage and t?>
authorize the Eoard of Directors t^tafce «S
f jen action as they may deem necessary nr
expedient !n the premises. * vr
lotted the CSth <say of June, 1905.
Ey order cf tfcc Board cf Directors
J. L. WILLCUTT
••Cretan.' of the Southern Pacinc Railroad
Ccm;iarj'.
N. T. SMITH. \
WILLIAM HOob.
1. V. HKLLMAX Jr
JAMES Iv. WILSON.
J. M. HAXFORD.
PETER F. DUNNE.
J. L. WILLCUTT.
FRANK B. KING.
CHAS. P. LINCOLN.
G. L. KING>
Olrector* cf said Southern Pacific Railroad
Company.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST .12. ,1905.
13
. MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O' DO NNELL— Ladles, all who «r»
siok or in trouble, consult this specialist on
female complaints; positively corrected; th»
•unfortunate hetped; the most difficult case*
treated: every case taken; Immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs; iow fees; my methods
will cure all cases of irregularity; consult
* me; save time and money; advice free. Offlc»
1013 Market at.; hours t> a. m. till 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant reliel
guaranteed; SO years' experience. 944 Post st.
' MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5. Sunday
10 to 2. 1008^3 Market st. opposite Fifth.
! WOMEN'S diseases and Irregularities cured in
24 hours; 1» years' experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling; strictly private; elite patron.
age only. Dr. SyU ester's office. 12fKJ Market.
DRS. GOODWIN' S herb treatment; reliable,
i safe prompt, for female Irregularities: relief
| or n_ fee; $10; hrs. 9-3. S5O Mkt. st.. aulta 37
DR C. C. CDONNELL— Office and residence.
liJ2l*i Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to tlispastra of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth St..
bet-. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 607.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hindo Herbd;
original method of treatment. l*2t> Market. -
DR ROSEN, resilience 2995 Folsom st. corner
Twenty-sixth: ladles, relief or no fee: $10-
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
SECOND-HAND water pipes that will stan-l
pressure in lensrha of rrom 12 to 20 feet.
with all couplings mew) ar.d recut threads.
covem! with parafftne paint, ready to us«.
1 In.. 3,.c ft; IV- in., te ft. ; 2 In..' Be ft.
2^. In., 10c ft; 3 in.. 12V*c ft- 3S In.. 13c ft.
4 In., l'Je per ft.; 5 in. Zlc ft: 6 In- 30c ft.
To avoid unnecessary correspondence w«
will Bay that this ia all right and guaran-
teed; send money by Weils. Fargo — Co. •
Exprsss or mall order.
H. S. WHITE. MACHINERY COMPANY.
Office. 130 Beale St.. S. F.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. eic. bought. so!-l.
rented ar.d exchanged: sea Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MACHY CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
EOILEFtS. engines. 2d-hanr! machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard ami
pool tables: easy payments; we rent tabk-a
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures: .-heap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
CCLLENLER. 625 Mission st. S. F.
LARGEST stock In city; second-hand belting,
also planing-mill machinery, engines, boiler*
and electrical machinery. JOHNSON &
HORAN. W2 Third st
ALL kin-is of second-hand machinery, boilers,
engines, shafting and pulleys bought arvl
sold. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 903 Market at.;
phone South 87. _
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 336 Main at
A— GENTS full dress suits to rent J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton at., second floor.
SMALL duck launch for aale cheap. Address
LEWIS' ark. foot of Chestnut AJameda.
\u25a0
CALL route for sale. Inquire Call office.
$200— FOOT roll top desks for aale. cheap at
factory. 510 Fifth at.
SCHOOL bcoks bought and exchanged.
KING'S Old Book^ Store. 81 McAllister at.
MII.EP of pipe and flttlnes. all aizes. cheap.
EUGENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st
A VERY fine 25-« tone lady's diamond studdt4
locket at a bargain. 10 Sixth at.
TWO merry-go-rounds- one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI. SO5 Kearny at.
HIGH grade 2d-hand office safe and wasori
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO., 216 California.
SAFES— New and secPnd-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacram«nto st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. ?a.*h.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. «a!e, rental:
bargain*. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 823. 630 Sacramento.
DIAMONDS, etc.. bought ror cash. Karl Eb»r
& Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny st.
___ — ,
BUILDINGS and building material bought Th»
Dolan Co., ICO7 Market «st; phone- Jessie 2921.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEST renting stock In the city; good uprights »
at $2 per mo.; some at $2 50; our own make.
$3; one year's rental allowed oft purchase*
price. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 5«0 Hayes at
A LARGE stock of standard pianos; all more
or less used: prices $65 up. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st; Chlcker-
ing agency.
PIANO; must be sold at once; leaving city-
Monday: great sacrifice; $143. 408 Post st.
HAIXET & DAVIS pianos; wholesale; eighth
floor. 73S Mission st. San Francisco.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storags pi-
anos, furn. Whitehead's storage. ltSStt Mkt
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy piano*. Cectlian piano
/player. BYRON MAUZY. 008-312 Post at
NEW. upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
merits. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
3-PEDAL Steinway up;CMckering baby grand.
Shoninger little used. Keeffe's. 253 OTarrell.
MATRI3IO.XIAL.
A WELL-EDUCATED Spanish youns man
without means wants to meet a lady with
means: object matrimony. Box 86.85, Call.
MUSEUMS.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market st. near Sixth.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
VAN NESS aye., 31 — Large, front suite witt»
rur.ninir water;, suitable for doctor or dentist
PERSONALS.
A — SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently remove<i
without pain or scar by th? electric needle,
the only positive means; removal of facial
warts, moies and pimples by special naw
French method; trial treatment fre*; expert
operators: half New York prices; hours 10 to
3. Dr. E. C. BURTZER. ZlO Powell st. cor.
O'Farrell. room 24; take elevator.
MERVEILLEAUXI
Superfluous hair permanently removed by
my newest Parisian remedy. I prepare a
scientific treatment for each Individual caso
specially: no «*lectrlc needle, no injury to th<*
skin, no pain, no acids.
MERVEILLEAUX CO..
P. O. Box £204. San Francisco.
LADIES, attention — Two competent ladle.',
pupils cf Delsarte and Mme. Priest, will
take a limited number of ladies, wishing to>
reduce their superfluous flesh: full informa-
tion. Ca|l 1225 Geary st, first floor, or
rhone Eiutt 4461. . s..^_
• • "W-A-T-C-H F-O-R" • •
• "REXRADIO'S" (next) Sunday's Ads. -
"REXRADIO." the world's ONLY and plae-
nemenai h'd RADIUM healer: hours 2 to 6.
500 Kearny. suite 2. etc.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, over-
#:oats an dtrousers at CHARLES LYONS'
Tailor. 721 Market st
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling: druxuisti. halrdess-
•rs. Star Remedy Co.. S2l Polk at
NOTHING down. $1 a week to k-»ep well
dressed. Peerless Tailoring Co.. 231 Po«t st.
8 BRAND new tailor-mads men's suits, cost
$25. for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr. California Hotel.
50 ASSORTED souvenir postal cards prepai.l
Sflc. BACIGALUPI. 756 Mission st
$1 A WEEK; strita to order $13 up. LEMOS.
1127 Market St.. between Seventh A Eighth.
MASQUERADE eostum-s. play books, wisa.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 73.1 Mkt.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
REMOVAL— The Golden West Broom Factory
has moved from 630 Clay st to 723 samo
street, above Kearay.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor?
treats' all dtsvasea of the human body; for
past Tour yean at 115-117 Mason st. now to-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the fomcus herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chines* herbs. 744-8 Clay st.
• PILES CURED. "7
PILES, FISTULA, etc. — Cured to stay cure-1:
only humane cure; no knife, danger or hind-
rance to business: 7COO cured; why not ys«r
no salve proposition: Investigate. THOMAS
J. KISNER- M. D.. Columbian bids.. S T.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented; XT. S. and foreign;
'patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market at
Continued «v -use I*.
HELP WANTED — MALE— Continued.
NEVADA STATE.
19 "carpenters, plain Government work, ham-
mer and hatchet men will do, $105 month.
12 rouph carpenters, Placer County, $00.
Carpenter, mine, fare $3, $3 50 day.
9 carpenters, construction work, factory. $105
month, fare $1 10.
8 rough carpenters, hammer and hatchet
men, city, $2 50 day.
Carpenter, rough work, mine, fare $3 50,
south. $3 50 day.
Bench hand, planing mill, north. $3 50 day.
FOREMAN CARPENTER
For Government work. Nevada. $4 day.
Blacksmith. Government camp work. $60 fd.
WheelwriKht Government camp work, $60
and found. •, „„
12 hammer and hatchet carpenters, fare $3.
$90.
Cabinet-maker. $4 day.
Bricklayer, end of S. F., $4 day and found.
PLUMBER AND PAINTER.
Plumber, fare 50c, $3 50 day.
2 machine blacksmiths, city Job
3 sticker men. planing mill, city Job, $4 day.
LOOK.
Grocery clerk. $45.
Man to work in wine distillery, fare $1 50.
BOARD HOME IN S. F.
1" laborers. 9 hours, city work. $2 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GRADERS— L. CO.
° lumber graders, fare $3, north, $3 day.
CEMENT FINISHER.
Cement finisher, fare $1 boss here.
Third baker, bench, hand. $30 and found.
LOOK.
20 woodchoppers, mine co.. $1 50 cord.
12 laborers for quarry, fare $1 30, $1 50 day
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
" LOOK.
2 cut-off sawyers. $2 50 to $2 75 day.
Timber feller. No. 1 lumber company; $65 fd.
Lumber piler and grader, fare $3, $45 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
~ —NEW WORK, NEW JOBS—
25 laborers to pile lumber, you'll suit, $75.
12 men for sawmill yard: any laborer can
do it: $60 to $73.
ARE YOU A BOY?
25 boys to work in a box factory; $32 50 and
found.
LUMBER GRADERS.
6 graders, large lumber company; $90.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, chicken ranch, fare $1; $40 fd.
FREE FARE 14 MILES AWAY.
15 laborers, fee $1, free fare, $60.
5 teamsters, fee $1, free fare; $67 50.
2 sand teamsters, fee $1, free fare: $75.
4 plow holders, fee $1, free fare; $07 50.
LOOK!
Sausage maker, fare $3, $36 fd.
Milker, run separator. 50c fare, $35 fd. -
MACHINISTS AND PLASTERERS.
' Machinist and lathe hand, city factory,
$3 25 day.
Machinist for repair work, factory, fare
$1. $3 50 day.
Plasterer, $4 to $a day.
jftNE FOREMAN, GOLD MINE;
Mine foreman, Sonora; Mexico, must speak
Spanish, $150 month and fd.
20 minera cold quartz mine, $2 60 day and
fd. v
18 muckers, you can do this, $75.
BOX NAILERS*, ETC.
25 bojc nailers, fruit warehouse, $2 25 day.
2'^young men, box shop, packing, etc., $1 50
2 a handymen, $1 25 to $1 50 day.
GARDENER.
Gardener, private family, boss here, $30 fd.
LOOK!
Second cook. camo. . fare $1 60, $50 fd.
Cook, saloon, and uorter, city, $35 fd.
Cook, country hotel, $60.
- MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Experienced male and' female cho-
rus singers for grand opera: state repertoire
and voice. Address { box 8679, Call office.
WANTED — Two handy men to work around
warehouse. Apply superintendent's offlo:.
THE EMPORIUM. ...
CASH boys' wanted; must be 14 years of age.
Bring age and school certificate when apply-
ing for positions to sifpSrlntendent's office,
THE EMPORIUM.
SHOE salesmen wanted. Apply at 'once, su-
perintendent'a office. The Emporium. ' -
WANTED — Experienced clothing salesman.
Apply to-day. S. N. WOOD & CO., 740 Mar-
ket st. •\u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0 ' - v
WANTED— A young man of good appearance,
age 18 to 20: one willing to take a good
steady position. Apply to-day to S. N.
WOOD & CO.", 740 Market st I
WANTED — At once. , young man ty> do some j
collecting; must have $175 security; cash, no I
-bonds. Apply 33 Mason at. room 3.' ,-. \u25a0.\u25a0
HELP WANTED — MALE: — Continued.
A— AMERICAN '
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
042 COMMERCIAL ST.. Near Kearny.
PHONE. BUSH 833— JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
CARPENTERS. . .
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
SEE THE GENERAL
MANAGER OF ONE OF
THE GREATEST
ENGINEERING AND MACHINERY QO'S
IN AMERICA AT OUR OFFICE TO-DAY.
HE WANTS
30 CARPENTERS.
PAYS TOP WAGES LONG JOB.
NEW WORK NORTH GOOD BOARD.
MISCELLANEOUS: ,
2 HOISTING ENGINEERS. $'J0; BARTEN-
DER, city, $40 fd.; 2 QUARTZ MILL-
MEN. $90: 5 MACHINE MINERS, $90; 10
CARPENTERS, near city. $105; 10 CAR-
PENTERS, NORTH, $105; 5 CARPEN-
TERS, NORTH, $120; 2 carpenters. $4 25,
8 hours; 10 LABORERS, helD carpenters,
$50 fd.; 8 LABORERS, GOLD DREDGE,
you'll suit, $50 and fd.; 20 laborers,
FREE FARE. $60; 20 laborers, 20c fare.
$2 25; 20 drillers, $2 25 and $2 75: 3 milk-
ers, bos*L here. Thousands of other Jobs.
C us.
AT HORD & SMITH'S, 741 Mission at, near
3d, and 626 Washington st, nr. K.earny.
We Ship to Nevada.
. To-Day — Special Shipment.
S. P. Company's Own Track Work.
Laborers, $2 to ?2 25.
Steam shovel ' runner, steady, small shovel.
Laborers. $2, company work.
Bricklayers, company work, steady. \
' Rough carpenters, $3.
Oakland laborers, $2. k ,_
City, man a.nd wife, coal and feed yard, $50.
Walter, country. $30.
* Drillers, south. $2 25.
Western Pacific Railroad.
Drillers, $2 50. Drillers, $2 50.
Free Fare. Nevada. - To-Day.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st. — Bread and
cake; baker, \u25a0 country, $22 a week; waiter,
restaurant, coffee-house. $10 50 a week; as-
sistant waiter, $25; second butler, $40; handy-
man for boa thouse. resort, $30; bedmaker,
$8 a week; porter, first-class \u25a0 hotel, J25:
blacksmith's helper, $2 50 a day; French
couple, country, $50 to $60. etc.
A MAN and wife for private place; woman
cooks for 4 'men; man does general work;
$50. 'MISS PLUNKETT. 428 Sutter st. near
Powell. '<
SPEND a pleasant vacation picking hops at
Hopland on the Russian River: special R. R.
rates; good camping ground and water; lists
now open. Apply to the American Hop and
Barley Co., 227 California st. ;
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
positions in new postofflce; clerks and car-
riers;, excellent opportunities; \u25a0 free particu-
lars. Pacific Correspondence Institute, 1005
Mkt. Internal revenue examinations soon.
BRIGHT, energetic boy from 14 to 16 years old
for Jewelry store; permanent position for the
right one. Box 8031,' Call office.
A SURVEYOR, or* a surveyor . and drafts-
man, not over 30 years old. Address box
8783. Call office. - . V : \u25a0
ERRAND boy for law office; answer in own
handwriting, stating age, experience and sal-
ary expected. Box 8072, Call of flee.
GOOD waiter can have' steady position and
Rood pay. Call to-day, room 318, James
Flood building. - -' / -•\u25a0' - -.- . >-:
A GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng. ' 877 Sut-
ter : st, near Leaven worth. ...
DELIVERY boy. Meat market. . 1704 -Waller
- etreet."- -. "' -; \u25a0 '""• . '-" '•' '.'• \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0'
WANTED^-First-class sheet metal worker. 305
Howard st. ; •\u25a0'\u25a0• '. , V ' .\u25a0; \u25a0\u25a0•'"\u25a0
WANTED — Boy in drug store: one with expe-
rience preferred.' Corner Ellis and : Mason.
WANTED— Young man to wash dishes and
help around kitchen. 511 Castro Bt.
WANTED — Man or woman to wash napkins.
612 Kearny st. ,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: ' \u0084
BOOTBLACK wanted. 195 Turk St.. barber
-. -shop. ..-;- .-:!\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' -'.'\u25a0 '\u25a0 •-\u25a0•'\u25a0•-•\u25a0"-\u25a0\u25a0
TAILORS— Pants and vestmaker wanted for
the c untry. ARNSTEIN. SIMOJt- & CO.,
.' Marks, and Second sts. : V .
WANTED— A strong boy. 15 to 18 years, for
grocery. " ; Apply : box 8.082.- Call. - . -
SIX " good ; trunkmakers. 7 American Box ano
• Trunk Factory. • 825 Brannan st.
CYLINDER press feeder. ';" 620 Market et. >.:\u25a0
HELP WANTED — MALE— Continued.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS* EMPLOY-
MENT AGENCY. INC..
63» Washington st. Phone Jamea 3301.
FREE FARE.
30 laborers, life Job. $W, S. County.
New electric road, ' Butte County, $2 50.
Teamsters, near city, $2 25 day; drillers,
open cut, build road to mine, near city,
$67 50; laborers, large power company. Men-
docino and Shasta counties, $2 25 and $2 50, 2
yeara' Job; lumber pliers, $2 50; laborers
around yard, $75; 3 lauorers, sawmill.-,
Uklah. $37 and found; teamsters. $40 fd.;
lumber handlers, Mendocino Co., boss here,
$35 fd., steady; 20 laborers. 15c fare, $2 25
day; scraper holders, $2 50; hoist engineer,
$90; blacksmith's helper, $07 50; section
hands, logging road, $2.
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY, INC..
635 Washington st. Phone James 3301.
EXPERIENCED domestic salesman wanted.
Apply between 1) and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' ' —
WANTED^ — Experienced drapery salesman. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE'
BROS.'
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $S0
to $150 per month salary paid our graduates:
our six schools indorsed by all railroads: day
and evening session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy. 26 O'Farrell st.
AN enjoyable, profitable outing: pick hopa In
Augu:t: special rate tickets now ready:
ccmt early as only a limited number can be
sold. E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Bat-
tery at. , ' \u25a0 •,
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
. postofflce, custom-house, bookkeeper and other
government positions; particulars free. Pa-
cific Correspondence- Institute, 1095 Market.
MEN to learn the barber trade; 8 weeks com-
\u25a0 pletes; positions guaranteed: wages earned
while learning: call or write. Gillman's Bar-
ber College, 627 Clay st. near Montgomery.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
WANTED — Good fraternal Insurance tolicitor
' for Oakland: a resident preferred: references.
Box 7930, Call office. i
WANTED — Pupil* to learn cutting and design-
In? of men's garments. School of. Practical
cutting, 91« Market St., room 59. . ,
WANTED— Men to fill 300 rooma at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks; sit."
guar.; tuition earned while -learning. Moler's
System of Colleges. 042-644 Clay et.
MEN to learn barber trade: situations guaran-
teed. 8. F. Barber College. 741 Howard st.
"WANTED — Good railroad telegraph operators.
Apply 223 Powell at. room 1. ' -
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, for Sound, south
coast. New York, Europe. Lane' a, 504 Davis.
FIRST-CLASS merchant tailor's cutter want-
ed. Apply oox 8044. Call, office: \u25a0•
PENSION atty., E. A. BuUI». r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, Q. A. R.
MEN to go on whips to Australian and other
ports. At HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart at. "
MEN wonted at 106 3d st, where shoes are re-
palred by , machinery : eewed aolea 10 mln., 75c
LABOR debta collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 4!) 2d at. r. 622.
SAILORS and young men Mg/een hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson at
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at, nr. Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free \u25a0 bus : and baggage to and from ferry. -
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
')• been opened at 1008 Market at, ODposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. V
~ SALESMEN WANTED. >
WANTED — Salesmen to sell KINLOCH
HOUSE PAINT, and F. VT. A. , ROOF ; &
IRON PAINT to stores; experience unneces-
\u25a0 aary: excellent . side lines; no samples. Pa-
; clflc ' Distributing Co., 316 Sacramento at,
San Francisco. Cal.-;
-\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0.. .'"• INVESTMENTS. ./ ' : ' '\u25a0":'
WANTED — 5 parties with $5000 each to Invest
In established manufacturing business to in-
creage output ; large profits. Box S9BO. Call.
INVALID
BOLD rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
Eames tricycle chair. 801S Mkt; tel. Park 775.
j HELP WAXTED — HALE — Continued.
I A— MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay sU
Phone Alain 6845.
OFFICE HOURS. 7 a. m. TO 10 p. m.
This new eystem gives employers a chance
to I'Moiiv us until 10 p. in.
Likewise
All can call after their day's work.
Our Own Printing
Piant iasu~« our iree list ol positions four
tin. «-b daily — 7 a. m.. 10 a. m.. Ip. m.
4 p. m.
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION!
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP, LO AS OTHERS DO-
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY. 634-030 Clay St..
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Phone Main 5848.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE: THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We £&ye in 1904 1905 we hope to
bi.OiAt men work. increase 64,000.
We do not supply female h*lp, but we do
supply men and wives lor all classes of work.
WE SPEAK THE*
Gem.an, French, Italian. Purtugue&e. Span-
ish. Slavonian, Scandinavian and Greek
languages.
FKF.K FARE— GOING SOUTH— S. P. R. R.
1f.5 LABORERS.
GREAT CROWDS GOING— ARE YOU?
MURRAY & JUiADY, 634-taG Clay Bt.
GOVERNMENT— 2 YEARS' WORK.
Contract to supply help given MURRAY &
RFAU-Y exclusively.
ARIZONA,
ARIZONA— ARIZONA.
Several thousand men will be wanted.
Special Railroad Fare — S. P. $11.
i'o bridge "carpenters. $3 50 a day.
This is the hrst shipment to start up Job.
MURRAY & READY. 634-(i3(i Clay St.
TO LOS ANGELES CITY.
Contract to supply help and exclusive rate
of $5 fare given Murray & Ready.
FARE $5.
155 teamsters. $2 to $2 25 day.
155 laborers, S hours' work, $1 75 to $2 day.
Board themselves in hotels.
FOR WOODEN BRIDGE WORK.
65 menrto help on wooden bridge, $2 50 day.
SECTION R. R. WORK.
155 foreigners, $1 50 day; house and water
furnished, board themselves.
LOOK.
96 laborers, shovel worvc, $1 75 to $2 day.
LOS ANGELES CITY.
MURRAY & READY,
C 34-638 Clay st.
SHIP CARPENTERS.
BRIDGE CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS BUILD BOATS.
CARPENTERS TO BUILD DREDGES.
ALL FREE FARE.
$4 DAY— WAGES— S4 DAY.
25 YOUNG MEN
WHO CAN HELP CARPENTERS.
GENERAL MANAGER HERE.
CALL EARLY AND SEE HIM.
STEADY JOBS YEAR AROUND.
MURRAY & READY, 63J-636 Clay St.
ARE YOU PORTLAND. 505 Woodsmen.
GOING? OREGON. 555 Millmen.
$00 MONTH. ?G7 50 MONTH.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Ciay st.
CENTER OF FRUIT DISTRICTS.
FREE FARE.
55 peneral men, you can do it, $60 month.
Manager will arrive our office 7 a. m.
MURRAY & READY, G34-63ti Clay St.
AliE YOU "A DRILLER?
25 men, open cut work, it's steady, $67 50.
FARE $1. FEE fl. THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY & HEADY. 634-636 Pay St.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Special R. R. fare. $2 75.
25 teamsters (can drive 2 horses), $67 50.
He is here — general manager — SEE HIM.
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay st.
MECHANICAL.
IS BRICKLAYERS
for. Seattle; your fare paid; usual wages.
Chipper, foundry, fare $3, mine, $67 50.
Blacksmith, structural work. No. 1 job.
2(5 blacksmiths, horseshoers, etc., $4, $3 50,
$3, $2 5o day.
Blacksmith, machinist, Government Job. $75
and found. /
2j slack coopers, $40 and found.
Sealer, lumber company, $75; offbearer,
$S2 50.
CARPENTERS.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
6 carpenters, company work, fare 50c, $90;
42 car builders, lumber co., $90: 4 shing-
lers. straight roof, wails, $75 M: ehingle
packer, south, $50 f d. ; blacksmnth, coun-
try clubhouse, fare caid. $40 and found.
ELECTRICIANS. ETC.
Electrician and- lathe nand for mine; $90.
Cobbler, repair work.
Turner band sawyer, fare $1; $2 60 day.
Machine hand, country planing mill; $3 50
Band sawyer, fare $1; $3 50 day.
Wood turner, planing mill, fare $1; $3 50
Screw turner, big carriage L. Co. ; $80 fd.
CORNICE MAKERS— TANK ERECTERS.
C cornice makers, fare paid boss here, north;
$1 day.
Stickerhand. mill south: $3 50 day.
Machine hand, rim sticker, fare $1; $4.
SOLDERERS.
4 solderers, 25c hour, fare $2 50.
WEAVERS.
12 weavers on blankets.
FOREMAN.
Foreman, country planing mill: $1 day.
TO HELP CARPENTERS.
25 laborers, free fare; $00.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 Clay St.
MISCELLANEOUS.
15 woodchoppers, $1 25 cord.
4 woodchoppers, mine company, $50 found.
12 boys, learn trades. $4, $5, $6 week.
Man work about duck preserve. $25 found,
fare paid, boss here.
IRONERS. ETC.
2 etarch ironers, south, $2 25 day.
Polisher, fare $1. $35 to $40 found.
BUTCHER.
Butcher, all-round man. $75 and room.
MARRIED— ARE YOU?
Farmer and wife, fruit farm. $52 60 found.
Farmer and wife, 5 people, $45 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE.
GOLD MINE— OTHER MINES.
I>G single and double hand drillers. $80
$82 50. $75.
189 drillers, quarries, tunnels, etc., $75.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
3C5 laborers and teamsters, different job»,
some In San Francisco, $2, $2 25, $2 50
day; come and see us.
FARMS, ORCHARDS. ETC.
C 5 general ranch hands. $30. $35, $40 fd.
HARVEST AND HAY-BAIVNG HELP.
36 rren. different positions, $1 50, $2 and
$2 50 day and found.
12 hay-balers, different places, 15c. 16c, 25e
\ ' CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
<57 men and boys for chores, $15, $20, $25, $30
and found.
DAIRYMEN.
26 rr.Ukers, butter and cheese makers, $30,
$35 $40 and found.
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
3t5 laborers, fare paid; you'll suit, $35, $40,
$45 and found.
126 experienced woodsmen, millmen, from
piling lumber to manager of mills and
woods. $35, $40, $50, ?GO. $70, $SO, $90.
$125 month nnd found: come and see us.
STABLEMEN.
26 stablemen, different Jobs, $35 and found
to $60. $75. —•
MURRAY & READY. B*4-636 Clay st
A— GREAT POWER COMPANY. ~
FREE FARE.
BOTH WAYS
25 laborers, water dam, $67 50.
Steady job year round: boss at our office
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay_st.
COOKS COOKS. COOKS.
4f cooks, different places, $90. $75, $50, $40
and found.
WAITERS. WAITERS. ' WAITERS.
20 waiters, different places, $45, $40, $30, $25
and found.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAKERS
30 dishwashers, different Jobs. $35. $30, 525
$20 ard found.
LAUNDRYMEN. BELLBOYS.
3S laundry, all classes, $3, $2 LO. $2 a day.
Bell and elevator boys, different Jobs, $15
$20 and found. '. . •
MURRAY & READY. 834-G36 Clay at.
LOOK! \u25a0 '\u25a0
Brick setter, brick yard, fare $1, $2 50 day
Hand Bander, brick yard, fare $1, $2 day.
4 mattress makers, not rar away,
2 boys, city factory, $5 week.
BUTCHER.
Butcher, all-round man, fare $1, $35 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay St
PORTER and houseman, first-class city hotel-
s3o found. , '
FREE FARE TO
TUNNELS. TUNNELS. TUNNELS
65 tunnel men, free fare, $67 50.
35 ' drillers and hammers men, free fare
$67 00.
125 laborers or muckers, $60.
64 tunnel men, are you one ? $2 60 to $° 75
day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Et.
~~, CARPENTERS.
•>"-'; \u25a0'\u25a0 CARPENTERS.
16 rough carpenters, fare $1. $3 to $3 50 day
2 carpenters for mine, fare $2 4p, $90.
12 carpenters, 8 hours, build barn's, etc.. far*
50c, ?90.
6 carpenters, company work, fare 50c, $90.
12 lumber car blinders, fare $3, $90.
Shingle packer, south, $50 found.
Blacksmith, country clubhouse, $40 found.
Blacksmith, lumber co., boss here, $60 fd.
ffIEXP WANTED— FEMALE. I
COOK, small hotel, country $30
4 cooks, little washing $;50
Cook. 12 adu:ts. city $30 j
Cook. Uute housework. Redwood City *3<)
Cook, small restaurant $10 w*-ek
Second cirl. Sacta Cruz $25
Inlanfa nurse. Mare Island *3v
Cieiman nursegirl. Mare Itland $30
Chambermaid for the springs $25
Laundress for orphanage $20
French nut-Begirt $25
Chambermaid, hotel, city $20
4 \u25a0waitresses for hotels, city, country $25
Chambermaid and waiting, hotels $20
Waitress, restaurant $8 week
2 waitresses for sanitarium $25
5 Second girls, city $25
40 general housework girls, city and coun-
try. Cio. $U5, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 334 Suuer Ft.
A — TWO neat young salesladies for candy
stoife; no experience necessary; $7 week to
begin. MRS. M. E. DAY, 48ft OFarrell st.
A — TWO young girls to wrap and xiack candy
In retail store; $4 week and increase; chance
f"r bripht girls to learn trade. MRS. M.. E.
DAY. 456 OFarrell st.
A—lsA — 15 WOSUSN to work on dried fruit; no ex-
rerieijce necessary; ?6 week; nice clean
work. MRS. M. E. DAY. 456 OFarrell Et.
A GIRL for chambermaid In hotel, no waiting
on table. ?2O; 2 other chambermaids, $20
each. MISS PLT.'XKETT, 42S Sutter St.,
near Powell.
GIRLS to learn hairdreesing, manicuring, mas-
sage. etc.. from A lo Z in 1 mo. for $5 to
th/>*e metering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evening
*\u25ba clats. College, 234 Post et-. room 17. 2d floor.
WANTED— Girls to learn millinery for fall: 2
seasons from start to finish in I mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed $12 per week up: learn
now for Aug. positions. 5ch001.234 Post, r. 16.
WOMEN and girls wanted immediately; also
experienced cannere : Heady work ar.d high-
est ray. Arpiy California canneries
CO.. 423 Erannan e'.. bet. Third and Fourth.
• _____
WANTED— Young woman to mark (roods in
stockroom. Apply superintendent' a office.
The Emporium^
EXPERIENCED salesladies wanted for our
art needlework department. Apply superin-
tendent's office. The Emporium.
CAb'li giris wanted, 14 years of age. Bring
ape and ech^l certificates when applying to
!»ur>erintenderit's office. The Emporium.
FPEND a pleasant vacation picking hops at
Hop!ar.<! on the Russian River: special R. R.
rates; good carr.pinß ground and water; lists
now cpen. Apply to the American Hop and
Barley Co.. 227 California et.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced saleslady
for knit underwear department; good salary
for right party. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Mar-
ket gt. .
WANTED— Women and girls at the CODE-
PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth and
Brvar.t etg.
WAITKESSrS can r.btair.ed good positions at
good pay by calling at once. Room 318,
James Flood building.
COLLAR marhine tirls and collar rubbers:
muet be f.rst class. 355 Eighth st.
A GIRL to assist !r. c-neral housework and
corking. 821 Larkin st.
rGIRI< or bey typewriter; need not be expert;
steady place. 417 Sar.scme St.
XEAT irirl. licht second work and sewing.
11 SO Q'Farrr-M st.
AN Kjneentlce at LICHAU CORSET PAR-
LORS. 4r.r> Geary st.
GIRL to assist w:th housework &n<i baby: good
home. I<M Julian aye., r.ear Sixteenth st.
GIRL wan.tfd tn <lv housework and cooking;
S'2'i. 5'J5 Lombard st.
WANTSD — Young woman as governess for
two children: must be well educated and
capable of instructing ; good place for one
who appreciates a good home; state age. ex-
perfance. if any. and s&'.ary expected. Ad-
•iri'fs box 9013. Call office.
WANTED — Feting women who are experi-
enced dry goods bundle wrappers. Apply
between 9 ar.d 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
EXI'EKIIiNCEn saleswoman wanted. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
AN enjoyable prcfltatbe outing; pick hops in
August; special rate tickets now ready;
ccme «arly as or.ly a limited number can
be sold. E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122
Batfry st.
\u25a0WANTED — Young woman to do cooking and
general housework for a small family: good
place Jnr party who appreciates a good home.
Address box 3<«», Call efnee.
LADIES, earn about 10c per hour doing fancy
work home during spare time; c-asy. rapid
and fascinating. Call 9 to 5. 1344 Market
Ft., opposite Seventh.
WANTED — Fancy ironer on ladies' clothes for
two or three days every week. German Hos-
pital, corner Fourteenth end Noe sts.
EEWIXQ machine operators on overalls: no
experience necessary. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., "2^l Fremont st. MR. DAVIS.
GIRL to assist at general housework; to sleep
at home. Apply at 40S Jersey st.
LADIF.P to learn hairdressing and manicuring:
pood positions. MOLER'S. 405 Powell st.
0 FINISHERS on coats; also try on makers.
22S Stever.scn st.
'ANDY saleslady: experienced. Call 9 until
i ">2. 3to C. BLUM'S. Polk and Sutter.
BARBERS— Employment and Supplies.
BARBER shops, city and country; have several
Inquiries for fair paying; shops; only those
that can stand investigation may apply to
D. ETOLTZ. 723 Market St.
THREE-CHAIR Ehop for sale In one of the
best hotels in Portland, Ore., or trade for a
shop in San Francisco. Inquire at C4S Sac-
ramento St., San Francisco.
HAKBER — For Saturday and Sunday. 3053
Twenty-fourth Et.
BARBER for Saturday at 505 Fourteenth Et.,
Oakland.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday; 10c
shop. 102S Howard st.
BARBER wanted Saturday afternoon and
Sunday. 1552 Church st., near 28th.
BARBER wanted; steady, short-hour job. 3207
Twenty-second st.
EARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 303 Twen-
ty-ninth St.. near Church.
WANTED — One or two revolving chairs; must
be cheap. Address box 8907. Call.
W ANTED— Barber for Saturday. 3234 Adeline
st.. South Berkeley.
GOOD barter for Saturday. 2CB Third et.
GOOD barber for 10c. shop; steady work; good
wages. 1033 Kearny Ft.
GOOD barber wanted. 779 Folscm st.
A BARBER to open a shop at 411 Spear at.;
uood chance.
$250— C-CHAIR barber shop north of Market
st-: good location: retiring. Box 8814, Call.
FOR sate — Barber shop. 3 chairs, living rooms;
rent SI?. lir.:> Howard st.
FOR sale— Barber Ehop. running 2 chairs; es-
tablished ever 7 years. 2537 Greenwich st.
BARBER fchep lor sale, cheap. 1119 A Folsom
>, Ktreet '
' HELP WA.VTKD — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Buth st.
Second cook, restaurant, city §15 a week
Second conk, country hotel $45 and found
Waiters, dish and pot washers, city and
country $25-$35 and found
Bedmaker. city ?9 week and room
Laundryrr'en and Ironers, country $40-$OO
Fancy Ironer, country laundry $2 a day
2 freight elevator boys, hotel, city. slo and fd
Man about place, gee party in the city. s3s fd
EFare only 10c; rear the city; company work;
10 men to dig electric light pole, hc.iea..
$2 50 a day
Call early Ship to-day
New electric railroad: fare only 40c; scraper
teamsters and scraper loaders $2 25 a day
Single and double hand drillers^. .$2 25 a day
Tunnelmen. laborers and teamsters
$2, $2 25, $2 50 a day
Man &• wife, laundry wore, country hotel. sco
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush Bt,
BUTCHER, country. $40 and found: creamery
man $75; blacksmith. $3 day; gasoline engi-
neer $C 0 and board; bootblack, $10 week:
woodchoppera for mine; flrtman, $25 and
board- farmers. $30: milkers, $35: choremen
$15 and $20; and others. J. F. CROSETT &
<X).. 628 Sacramento et.
V'OOK and helper for mill crew. $75; cook and
w-i'e country hotel, $75: 2 second cooka, $40
W and $50; porters. $20; dishwasher. $25: wait-
ers $30; and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO!. CCS Sacramento «t.
MAN handy In kitchen; short distance In coun-
tty; $10 and lound. 212 Eddy st. •
CLOCK AND THE MIRROR, READ THE WANT ADS
[ HORSES AND WAGONS.
SECOND-HAND surrey, 2-seated Chicago
road cart, 10-pass«nger wagonette, blue
buggy and rubber-tire carriage cheap at 500
Golden Gate aye. ' \u25a0 \u25a0 ,
15 FINE top wagons from $65 up; all kinds
delivery wagons, rubber-tire runabouts, carts
and business buggies. 1506 FoUom st. '
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys and harness. LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.,
211 Larkin St.. San Francisco.
TWO double teams or one single. 1523 How-
ard st.
BARGAIN In a fine rubber tire Victoria and
rubber-tire doctor's buggy. 1503-5 Folsom st.
FOR sale at 1375 Eddy st.— Black saddle horse.
saddle : and bridle, cheap.
AUCTION sale of horses, wazena and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 527 Sixth st.
LIGHT delivery wagon for sale cheap. 11!X>
McAllister.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping; wagon
and grocart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgmy.
FIVE sunny rooms and bath: all modern Im-
provements; rent $20. • 212>/» Fourteenth st..
near Howard.
BUCHANAN. 2018, near California— Elegant
residence; 9 rooms and bath; rent $40.
LEAVENWORTH. 820. near Sutter— l4 sunny
rooms, bath; large sunny yard.
BROADWAY. 1932. near Laguna— S rooms,
bath, laundry; fine marine view; $40.
COTTAGES TO LET. - -
NEW 6-room cottage; modern improvements;
fronting on park; rent $20. Apply to owner
JOHN T. GRAHAM. NW. corner of Preclia
aye. and Alabama, st.
BUSH. 2623 — Sunny cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; large sunny yard; rent $22 50.
.^ LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
i name of PATRICK or MARY K. FURLONG.
No. 76-644. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST — Past Matron's jewel from ©akland
on Key Route to Mt. Olivet Cemetery. S. F.
Please return to 471 Sherman st.. Oakland,
or 305H California St., S. F. Liberal re-
ward. .
LOST— August 10, lady's black enameled
gold watch. Initials M. OH., short gold tob
with --black string attached, valued as keep-
sake of deceased father. Liberal reward
for returning to 120 Eleventh st., city.
$50 KCVVAKD tor one white and black spot-
ted hound, lost June ti. between Cloverdale
and Boonville. "G. W. M." tattooed In on»
ear. Acdrtss SID GOSHONG. Cloverdale.
Cal.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of LOUIS KYLE, No. 290-141. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of ?an Francisco in the
name of ARTHUR EDOAR WARD, No. 273-
522. Tbe finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Red cocker spaniel dj-^ .with white
breast; answers to the name ol "Punch."
Finder plfape return to 2215 Pacific aye. and
receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Htbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of GIOVANNI ROSSI. No. 107-572.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Lady's handbag and purse, Wednesday,
1 o'clock. Key Route from city. Return to
301S Harper St., Berkeley: reward.
LOST— Fox terrier dog 6 months o!d; black
and brown eye and ears. Return to 40 Dehon
st.. off Sixteenth; liberal reward.
LOST — Gold band bracelet with tiny heart at- !
tached. Return 552 Natoma St.; reward.
LAUNCHES FOX HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st., for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 531.
MONEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
....ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST &Va AND « PER CENT....
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, lite insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purcnas-.d.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
R. McCOLGAN,
Rooms 301 and UO2 Hearst building.
Third floor, Examiner entrance.
Deal directly with lender and save expense.
Loans any amount at 5 4 and 0 per cent
On first, bt-cond and third mortgages.
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE,
Undivided interests in estate and property.
Money advanced to prevent foreclosure.
NO DELAY.
Phone Main 5516.
AA— MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture, pianos, warehouse receipts or
security of any kind, without removal: we
make loans on the EASIEST PLAN in the
WORLD: payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE: In case of SICKNESS or loss of
EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND TH£ LOANS;
you take no chance of LOSING your GOODS.
This is a TRUST COMPANY: our rates are
, RIGHT and no DESERVING PERSON la re-
fused: CASH ADVANCES made to salaried
people. LINCOLN FINANCE CO., rooms 15-
16. 750 Market St., opp. Phelan building.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
6ul-CO2-tHXi Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
$cc HERMAN MURPHY. -
WILL LOAN
' A reasonable amount on
Ist, 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate,'
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full .particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box '££i. Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 1
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
1.7S Market St.; tel. Main 1044. Branch. 1192
Market st. and 27 Third et.
SALARY LOANS—
Money leaned salaried people without security
or Indorsement, -'knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 40 ,
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bidg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or pianj
without removal or other security; lowest
rates; no commission: confidential. s<Jt>-7
Donohue bld^.. 8 Taylor su. corner Market.
MONEY loaned on collateral and can be paid
in small weekly or monthly installments at
low rates of interest. RALPH ft ED.. 143
Poweil St.. upstairs.
A — Lowest rates on real estate. Ist or 2d mort-
gages life insurance, or on any security ;any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 3U Geary, room 3b. •
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of interest and. square deal. Old Flood
;blil.. SO9 Market.cor. 4th. suite 1; eat. 1563.
ALVA CO. (The) loans money to salaried people •
without security; good terms and easy pay- :
ments: also on other security. Cu7 Flood btdg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stone*
bought at W. jJ. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. '
LOANS en diamond*, watcaes and Jewelry;
private offices. 400-401 Adams building. 20«
Kearny at. Globe Mercantile and Loan Co.
SALARIED people without security; also on
B furn., estates In probate, life Ins. polldea. etc.
Empire Loan.& Invest Co., 612 Parrott bldg.
WE loan on property 65 to* SO per cent on valu-
ation. -If you need money ace us.
McGARVIE & CO.. 720 Market st.
MONEY. Money, Money. — —
Any proposition. 49 2d.st.. Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Waga Earners' Invt. . & Loan Co.
A — ONE ' per cent per month on valuables.
PORTLAND JEWELRY CO.. 25- Stockton st.
ANY amount, real estate or other security;
- $100 up. ,W. J. WHITE. 20 Montgomery, r. 8.
LOANS — Salaried people; "confidential"; 2 per
cent; chattels, etc. 456 Montgomery, r. 51S.
DON'T. bcrrow money. on salary/until you sto :
| us. Huuon Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bid.
ALL loans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan. Bank. 53S Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried pecp:e on notes without-- !
indorser. • MORRELL, 609 Examiner * bldg.
FR. EE Small Ad Patrons FIvEE
y ' . • ' \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 ' . j ;
'.\u25a0•-. - . \u25a0
This Handled Olive Dish is five inches across the bowl, with handle
an inch and a half extended from body. The pattern is the most popular
used in any of the Near Cut Glass ware, and the general effect' is highly
pleasing, the quality of the glass being unusually clear, and deep cut.
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small A<J ,
Thursday, Friday cr Saturday ;t; t
FOR THE gUM-DAY CALL
No Ads for Sunday Call Received Later Than 9 O'Clock Saturday Night.
I CALL BUSINESS OFFICE OAKLAND OFFICE
Third and Market Sts. 1016 Broadway
___——_— ——— ————— -— i ————-—-—\u25a0*»—-— "r^?^^:^^^:— ———___—!— ———SSl— —_-»_Z__——3_Z—S— \u25a0Continued From Page 15.
COMMERCIAL Nt, WS
ARRIVED.
Friday. Aus 11.
Pehr Berwick. Jacobsen, 31 hours from
Rogue River.
Friday, Aug 11.
Stmr Eureka. Gollghtly. Seattle. -
• DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed Aujr 11— G»r
ship Ollnda, for Cardiff.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— SaiIed An* 11— Stmr Queen, for
San- Francisco.
:.V " - OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Augr 12, 12:30 a
m — Stmr Cettie. from New York, for Liverpool
and proceeded.
Solace Arrive* in Port.
The transport Solace passed through
the Golden Gate this morning at 1:30
And anchored opposite the Presidio. She
will probably dock to-day.
ACCUSED' OF STEALING WAGON.— Frank
Kane, an old horse trader, was arrested yes
terday by • Detective Harrison and. booked at
the City Prison en a charge of petty larceny.
Kane is accused of stealing a wagon belonging
to Frank J. Burns from. William Schultz;'**
blacksmith shop at Twenty-third and Alaban^j
streets about a week ago. -T'
\u25a0 \u2666 •
GRAND JUNCTION. Colo.. Aug. 11.— Oo
the last day but one for the register for Uln
tah \u25a0 lands 146S names were recorded. R«^*»
tratlon closes to-morrow at 6 p. \u25a1
i
LATE SIIIPPIXO IXTEI.LIGEXCE.
Mining Stocks. .
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session — Comstocks.
ICO Caledonia ... "43! 300 Sierra Nev 35
200 Ophir .....6 62%!
12 m. Informal Session — Comstocks.
100 Andes IT 150 Ophir 675
100 Belcher 13 ,200, 200 Savage t>2
100 Bullion SSVtfICO Savage ».»
100 Caledonia ... 43 500 Scorpion 12
100 Challenge ... 20 200 Sierra Nev 36
300 Con Va M Co.l 25 600 Sierra Nev.... 35
200 Con Va M Co.l :50 100 Sierra Nev.... 37
100 C Va M,b30.1 30 1150 Silver Hill 93
200 Exchequer ... 51 1100 Union C0n.... 60
2CO Gould & Cur. 16 SCO Union Con Cl
200 Hale & Norc.l f,oi 100 Utah C 6
100 Mexican 1 30! 100 Yellow Jacket. 16
2 p. m. Session — Corastocks.
200 Bullion 371 100 Con Va M Co.l 23
100 Caledonia ... 431 200 ODhir 6 t>2%
100 Caledonia ... 44| 100 Savage 62
100 Challenge ... 191 250 Union C0n.... 50
200 Challenge ... 201
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Btd.Ask.j Bld.Ask.
Alpha 05 07 Justice 04 06
Alta 03 05lKentuck 02 C 3
Andes 18 IS| Lady Wash .. — 04
Belcher 13 ISiMexican 1"01 35
Best & Belch.l 25 130 Occidental ... S7 92
Bullion 37 40 Ophir 6 62% 675
Caledonia ... 43 44 Dphlr-Bruns. . 08 10
Challenge ... 19 21 Overman ..... 11 12
Chollar 15 17 Potosl 08 10
Con Va M Co.l 25 130 Savage «2 63
Confidence ... 87 91 Scorpion 10 12
Con Imperial. — 01 'eg Belcher... 06 (-7
Crown Point.. <»!• I' l Sierra Nev.... 36. 37
Con N V . 01 02 St Louis — '0
E Sierra Nev. 03 (3 Silver Hill 92 94
Eureka C0n.. 123 — Syndicate .... — 10
Gould & Cur. 15 17 Union Con 60 61
Exchequer ... 4S 51 Utah 06 07
Hale & Norc.l CO 170 Yellow Jacket. 15 16
Julia 03 C5l
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session. -' X '.'~V
100 Bullfnr NBk 251 l. r >rii> North Star.... 59
1000 Cash Boy ... 13 1 SCO Ohio Ton 32
1000 Den Bullfrog. 20| 25(10 Ohio Ton .... 31
1000 Diamondfleld. :0 50 Orig Bullfrog. 25
. 1100 Dixie 1511000 Orig Bullfrog. 24
2500 Eclipse 34|^000 Sandstorm .... «I 0
100 Eclipse .: :<•'> 100 Sandstorm 61
10CO Gldfld M, slO 531 1 25 Ton Blmt. 55.1 25
500 Great Westrn 04! 130 Ton Belmont.. l 25
1000 Lone Star ... C:i 1025 Ton Midway.. l 55
100 Mont Ton 3 12 500 Ton Mdway.l 52%
100 Mont Ton ...3 15 1000 Ventura .'. 11
2000 North Star .. 60 ti:>o West End ...1 10
Afternoon Session.
500 Bullfrog Mln. 6511000 MacNamara. .. 42
100 Bullfrg -N Bk 25! < _ > 000 Nev Goldfleld. IS
500 Cash Boy ... 181 600 Nev Goldneld . 1»
]'io Cent Eureka. .l 25! tiCO North Star 59
20 JO Congress IS| 1000 Sandstorm «1
1000 Eclipse, s 15. 35' 700 Shoshone Goia 25
1000 Eclipse 35 100 N V Ton Con. 20
1000 Forest City .. !'\u25a0• 200 Belmont. 55.1 27V.
100 Goldfleld Mm. 55 30»> Ton Exten 5 75
1000 at West, s 5. O.i 200 Ton Gold Mt. 13
3000 Ucme .".. 07 2000 Home Con.bOO 10
500 Mnt Tn.560.3 17% 15C0 Ton Midway.. l 55
1500 MacNamara.. Jl 100 Ton of Nev. 14 00
3000 M'Nwira. b 30 42 100 Virginia 10
2000 M'Nmra, b 60. 4. - ! 500 West End ...1 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. „
Tonopah District.
Bid.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
Belmont . 127 1 ::ol,MacNamara... 41 42
Boston Ton .- — 13 Midway 1551 57
Brgr's JB Ex — I*l Mizpah Ex ... 11 15
California ... -06 lOjMont Ton 3 17:',' —
Cash Boy ;.. 17 19'Mon Pittsburg — IS
Eula Con ... — 10 Monitor .. 02 —
Gold Anchor.. 93 9T! N V Ton Con. 20 .' —
Golden Gate.. — OS North Star. ... 59 60
Gold Mt ... .. 12 13 Ohio Ton 32 34
Gold Mt Con. — Cllßed Rock Ex. — 15
Great Westrn 03 04jRescue ._p7 («
Ind Tonopah.. 01 03 Ton. Exten ...^0 573
Home ....... 06 07|Ton Home Con 08 f 9
Jim Butler . . 78 82|Ton Sly & Gld 15 —
J Butler Ex. — 20. Ton of N«v.l4 00 14 ?5
Little Ton ..1 75 2 2.V United Ton .. 01 C 2
Lucky Tom .. — C4| West End ...1 05 1.10
- . Goldflcia District. '
Adams 04 OClHibernla ..... 10 j —
Atlanta 07 091 Highland — 26
Aurora 10 12 Jumbo M Co.. 70 73
Black Ants .. — . (41 Jumbo Ex ... 14 15
Black Butte.. 25 — I Juno — • 01
Blk Butte Ex 02 04| Kendall .. 13' 14
Black Rock.. 02 WlKendall Ex . . — 10
Blue Bell ... 03 05! Lone Star ...09 —
Blue Bull ... 10 11 Lucky Star .'. — 04
Brooklyn .... 01 02 May Queen .. 19 '23
Butte Gldfld.. 46 50 Mohawk 15 20
Bull & Bear. ,02 03 Nevada Boy .. 13 —
Booth M Co. 08 —Nev Goldfleld. 18 —
COD ...... 25 — Nev Southern. 14 —
Columbia. 14 15 Oakes .... — < 10
Columbia Mt. 17 20 Oakland — 10
Conqueror .'..15 20 Oro — 05
Diamond ....10 — Pennsylvania.. 01 04
Diamondfleld.- 38 -40 Potlatch 06 —
Dmdfld Trngl. — . IS Red Lion .... 03 04
Dominion ... 20— Red T0p...... 38 40
Dixie ...:.... 14 15 Red Top Ex. . -- 01 02
Empire ...... 06 • ti7 Sandstorm .... FlO <il
Exploitation..' — 04 Sandstorm Ex. 07 ' C 9
Fawn ... 05 — Sherman ..... — 25
Frisco ...;... 08 ,10 Silver Pick .; 11 12
Gold Dust ... — O3:Simmerone ... 20 . —
Gold • H111i... — ru 'stives ...... 15 1«
Goldfleld Mm. 55 56| Treasure ,'..... 07 10
Gld & G Reed — 101 Verde ........ f>2 04
Gldfld Rand.. 05 C6|V>rnal ....... 03 —
Goldfleld Ton. — or.s Wonder : 02 03
Great Bend .. = 05 v( 8! "
Bullfrog _ District. ."
Amargosa ... OS ;* 10 Gold Bar ..../ — 25
Amethyst .... — 16 Gldfld Bullfrog — 10
Big Bullfrog . ,12 — Lige Harris. : . 02 03
Bonnie : Clare.l 35 "\u25a0-. — Mont Bullfrog. -07 OS
Bullfrog Mln. 56 a 65 Orig Bullfrog. 23 24
Bullfrog Anx. .< O3 03 Red Dog «... . 12 —
Bullfrog Com 05 08 Shoshone ..... — 10
/RiiUfrno- Ei.'. — IS! Shoshon B Gld 25 —
FRIDAY, AUGUST 11.
Rose Sternhelm to Richard W. and Joseph
V. Costello. lot on NE corner of Bush and Oc
tavia streets. E 30 by N 120; $10.
Estate of Janet S. Porteous (by Henry 11.
Whitley. executor) to William F.. Jacob and
Augusta Heyman (wire of Julias) lot on SE
corner of Turk and Webster streets, S 103:11 V^
E 4«:55i. N -'9:7V4. W 4:«. N 3:10, W 3:0*1.
N 72:3^, W 41:3; also let on SE corner of
Webster and an S:4*i-foot alloy distant 117:4
South of Turk street, S 2W:2ii. E stf:«. X
21, W 8:3, W 43:9: 516.5C0.
Julius Heyman to August Heymaa. let on
SE corner of Webster and Turk streets. S
10S:Utt, E 45:3. N 29:7* i. W 4:3 U. N 5:10.
W 3:0%, N 73:5*4, W to beginning excepting
portion of deed as alley in "SJ E>. 116; also, lot
on E line of Webster street and S line of alley
B:4iA wide, distant .117 :i S of Turk, S '20:2,
E st>:6. N 20:11%. W S:3. W 4S:B, excepting
portion in Elm avenue; gift.
Henri and Lena Marx to Elizabeth A. Cal
lender. lot on W line of Flllmore street. 112:6
S of OFarrell, S 25 by W 57:6; $10.
Eleanor M. Vulicevich to Rose Vullcevlch.
lot on X line of Bush street, CO E of Broderick.
F. 27 :C by N* 97:«; $10.
Robert and Louise C. Wannenmacher to Wil
liam A. and Mary Wernecke. lot on S3 line of
Frederick street. 70:7>-i W of Cole W 30 S
100. E 30:7 U. N 50. W 0:7%. X SO; SlO.
Jacob and Caroline Betzold to William and
Jlary A. Kelton. lot on W line of Florida
street. 130 S of Twenty-second, S 26 by W
100- ?10.
Maria and Josephine Fey to Victor G. and
Constance H. Bonaly, lot on N line of Twenty
third street. t>C:ti W of Shotwell, W sti by N
60: $10.
John J., Katherine, Gertrude and Eugene
P. Egan, Mary McEnhill and Annie- Reedy
to Annie Egan. lot on E line of Treat avenue,
73 S of Twenty- fourth street, S 25 by E 112:8:
$10.
Anna Joost to Daniel J. and Catherine
Drlscoll, lot on N line of Nineteenth street,
S3 W of Eureka. W 25 by N 145; $10,
E. Durbrow to John T. Qulgley. lot on W
lrn«» of Eureka street. 30 S of Nineteenth. S
23 by W SO; $5.
John T. QuiKley to Benjamin B. Holbert. lot
on W line of Eureka street. 50 S of Nineteenth
S 25 by W 80; SlO.
Joseph A. and Lizzie Peirano and Nettle L.
and Ralph Lemue to Frank Koenig, lot on NE
corner of Sacramento acd Stockton streets, N
37 by E 44; $10.
Keystone Investment Company to Gustav
Harshall. lot on S line of Post street. 92:10
Wof Taylor. W 44 :S by S 65:9; $10.
Gustav and Sallie Harshall to Keystone In
vestment Company, lot on SW line of Third
street. t>o NW of Howard, NW 30 by SW 133;
also lot on SE line of Everett street, 115 SW
of Third, SW 20 by SE 50; $10.
Margaret Healey to Gertrude Cowles and M.
C. Smith, lot on SE line of Freelon street,
150 NE of Fourth.. NE 25 by SE SO: $10.
Elizabeth B... William H. and Adelia Ev Lit
tle to Martin F. Fragley. lot on SW line of
Clyde street. 137 :6 NW of Townsend, NW 40
by SW 55:3; $10.
Martin F. and Sarah A. Fragley to John
Wyllle. lot on SW line of Clyde street. 137:8%
NW of Townsend. NW 39:9%. SW 55:3. SE
39:0. NE 55:3; $10.
Gerald J. and Maralla L. Fltzglbbon to
Frederick W. Kern, lot on NW line of Mission
street. 150 NE of Fifth, NE 2o by NW 90;
$10.
George L. Bishop to "Charles Schlesslnger,
lot on SE line of Mission street. 309:4% SW of
Fourth. SW 34:4% by SE 1TO; $10. "
Emlle M. Pissls to same, lot on SE line of
Mission street. 275 SW of Fourth, SW 34 -4 Xk
by SE 160: $10. - , .•-
Lucie M. Hayes to Cyrus S. Wright, lot on
SE line of Bluxome street. 137:6 SW of
Fourth, SW 45:10 by SE 120; $10.
Frederick E. Emllie M.. John E. and Nelly
C. Mason and Potrero Nuevo Land Company
to James C. and Mary E. Daly, lot on W line
of Pennsylvania street, 353 S of Twenty-third
S 50 by W 100: ?1.
William A. and Grace G. Lange to Mark I
and Phoebe G. Hart, lot on W line of Fifth
avenue, 473 N of Lake street. N 35 by W 120*
$10.
George J. Hart to Catherine Hart, lot on E
line of Twenty-flrst avenue. 225 N of Lake
streft. N 23 by T, 120: gift.
John C. Brlckell to Tryphlnnie B. janes
(wife of T. I.). lot on X line of Twenty-sev
enth avenue. 230 S of West Clay street. S 30
by E 120: ?10.
Henry and Selda Meyer to Henry G. Meyer
lot on E- line. of Forty-sixth avenue. 277-7 s
of A streft. S 102:5. E 120. N 100. W to be
ginning: ?10.-
Jchn W. and Lottie J. Rless to Solomon
O«»t7. lot. on W. Un» ** \u25a0£*ortv-<ipv«. r ,fh avenue
150 S of X street. 5? 25 by W 120; $10.
American Land and Trust Company to Mer
ton S. Price, lnt on W l'ne-of Twenty-first
avenue. 400 S of M street. S 5O by W 12ff; $10.
Same to Jane Langr. lot en W Hn* of
Eighteenth avenue, 300 S of N street S 23
by W 120; SlO. . • -
Same to -Mary A. Lanjr, lot on E lln» of
Nineteenth avenue, 300 N of O street N 25
b7 E 240; $10.
Same to Arthur Lang, lot on i E line of
Nineteenth avenue. 250 N of O street V r>o
by E 12O; $10.
. Christian and Christina ' Brock to Bernard
Getz. lot on E line- of Eleventh avenue 130
S of O street, f 2". by E 1W; $10.
Clarence G. Taylor and John L. «nd B*>rtba
Stickel to H. U. Maxwell. 1-t on NE corner of
Thirtv-e'fi'hth avenue and S street E 57-fi by
N 100; ?io. ' '
May E. Bridge (wife of Frederick W.) to H.
U. Maxwell, lot- on NE corner of Thlrty-eig-hth
avenue and S street. E 57 :R by N 10O; $10.
Charles K. and ' Gussie F. . Howe to Estelle
.Morrison, lot on W line of Thlrtv-elehth ave
nue. 100 N of T street. N 25 by W 120: $10.
Oliver S. Robinson to Estelle Morrison, lot
. on.W line of Thirty-e!c-ht)a> avenue. 125 N of
T street. N 25 by W, 120: JlO.
Sunset " Realty Company to J. \u25a0 M. C Brien.
lot on SW corner- of Fourteenth avenue and
T itn-tt. R 60a W 157.71. NTV 600.63. E
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
B L Wat f15.113 — ISF &NP 55.110%111%
Cal NW 55. 11 l - S P C R 4b. 95 —
M C Wat.ss. — 114 Sun Tel 65...111U —
OkT Con 6s. — 105 V* Do 5s — 112%
Ris I Wksss.lol — Suttr-st RSs.lO5 110
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 23%!.\1at Nay C 0.115 —
Cal Cot Mils 82 — Mills Nat 8k.300 —
Cal G&ECor. C 2 64%|N SR R Co. — 12%
C Jockey C 1.120 — N Cal P Co. 9Vi —
Cal Powder. l7s — Oak Bk Sav.lso —
Cal Ship Co. — '2r, lOOF Hall A 6% —
Cal Tli T - 142% Orpheum Co. — 16%
Cen Bk. Oak — ti7% PacC Cas C 0.134 —
Chutes Co . . 4 5 Pac Sur Co. . — 120
City & C 8k.107%119 Paraf Paint.. 90 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 0 S F Drydock — 75
DptPwd pfd. 85 00 SF & SJCoal. 22% —
Do com ..70 — S Jose Wat.. 10.;% —
FN Bk, 0ak.120 — SO Sz MTgbt.l2s —
Fischer Thtr — 1U Swiss-A 8k..125 —
Hono P Co.. — 38 Truck Elect.. 14% —
Do old pool — 38 Union S Co.. — 35
Do nw pool 36% :\7 W-Fargo.Bk.2Cs —
Gas Con A. 19 20^i
—————— t
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Asso. Oil Stk. Tr. Cer 57 58
Aztec. 100 ....
California-Standard 08
Central Point Con 1 til)
Chicago Crude 33 ....
Claremont 75
Four 47
Giant 50 ....
He me 50 55
Illinois Crude 20
Imperial 13 00 15 50
Independence 26 27
Junction 17 ....
Kern . . 13 00
Kern (New) 10 30
McKlttrick 09
Kcnte Cristo 80 82%
Occidental of W Va 02 03
Oil City Petroleum C 3 04
Reed Crude "' ....
Senator 1 60 ....
Superior w O6
Thirty-Three 4 50 5 75
Toltec 60 ....
Twenty-Eight 14 00
Wabash 30 40
Wolverine 35 1 50
Gas and Electrl<: —
Northern Cal. Power 8 75
Miscellaneous Stocks —
Fischer R. Theater Co 50 ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
i Mornins Session.
Board — x
1577 Asso. Oil Co. Stock Tr. Cer 5S
ll'Sit Asso. Oil Co. Stock Tr. Cer...... 69
400 Heine Oil £0 -\u25a0
1000 Independence Oil 2i
EOO Monte Cristo Oil 80
100 Northern Cal. Power 9 50
500 Oil City Petroleum t>3
Amargosa ... 01 lOjLlge Harris... 01% C 3
Beatty Blfrg. — 11 Mont Bullfrog. \OS 10
Bullfrog Anx. — 07!Orlg Bullfrog. 23 24
Bullfrog Belle OS — | S?<oshone 10 11
Bullfrog Mm. 51 80 Vista Grande.. — 12
Bullfrg NBk 23 ?6 ! Wolverine .... — 11
Eclipse 32 3t|
Other Districts.
Brown Hope.. 16 —[Ray & O'Brien 05% CS
Esperanza ... CO% Cl'Rothwell — 25
Free Gold ... — 13 Silver Peak .. — 21
Gold Mt Con. — 02 ! Ton Berkeley.. 01 03
Kawich Gold. — 10|Ton Gold Mt. — 15
Pine Grove .. 20 25!
Brown Hope.. IB —I Paymaster ... 03 C 4
Congress 15 — iQuincy ... «1 .13
EsDeranza ... — 0! Ray & O'Brien OC t7
Gold Reer M. — 2S| -ioth-.Tell — 2«
Gold Reer Ex — :6| Silver Peak . . — 17
Kawich &B. — Y.\] Southwestern.. — -5
Kawich Gold. — W' tfylvanla — 2O
Kawich MCo 00 lalTokop Con ... — OS
Lida Hawk .. 5o — |
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales t>n the t>an Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Excharge yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session.
2CO Belcher l"|30«:t» OriE Bullfrog. 2t
300 Con Va M Co.l 30J1CC0 Urig Blfg. Kio. 25
500 Diamondfleld. 40;5."0t< Sandstorm 59
300 Gold Anchor.. »6; 200 Savage 62
3000 Home, b 10.. 1711 COO Ton Blraont.l 27V,
2000 Home Con .. <»2r.€OTon Cash Boy 18
7CO Jim Butler .. 7«| ISOO Ton Midway.. l r.5
1000 M'Nmra. b3O 41| 1500 Ton N Star... 61
1200 Mont Ton ..3 10 2000 Ton N Star... 60
2500 Ohio ."HM-UCO Ton N Star... 5»
500 Ohio, s 30... 31|
11 a. m. Session.
200 Con Va M.I 27^r 100 sierra Nev 36
1000 Dmdfld. b 15. 4v»{ 3CO Ton Blmont.t 27 U
1000 Dtamondneld. 39 :!SCO Ton Cash Boy IS
1500 Dixie 15 100.0 Ton Midway.. l 55
6CO Goldfleld Mln. 54 1 7.00 N- Star, b 10. f0
Kino MacNamara.. 411 .'3«O Ton N Star... 59
600 Mont Ton ...3 15 10»>O Ton N Star... 60
2500 Orig Bullfrog. 24 200 Union Con 50
300 Savage t2,
2 p. m. Session.
200 Con Va M.I 27^! iro Ton Mdway.l 52*4
2500 Eclipse 3t|l.ViOTon N Star... 59
4000 Home Ccn.b°.O 10 2CO Union Con 50
1000 Nat Bnk, bls 28 aCO Union Con*... 51
1500 Ohio 32| SCO W End. slO.l C7H
i 1500 Ton Cash Boy IS .IOOO West End ...1 10
1300 Ton Midway..l C 5 400 Yellow Jacket. 16
1500 Midway. blO.l 55
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstocks.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Andes 15 —Hale & Norc: — 195
Belcher 12 r 14 Mexican 130 135
Best & Belch.l 30 — Occidental ...1 25 —
Caledonia ... 45 — Ophir TOO 7 12«-|
Challenge ... 20 — Savage — «1
Chollar 14 —Scorpion CS —
Con Va M Co.l 30 1 35! Silver Hill 90 —
Con Imperial. — 01% I Sierra Nev 35 —
Crown Point.. 14 — Union Con 43 —
Exchequer ... 50 — | Yellow Jacket. 21 —
Gould & Cur. IS 19|
Tonopah District.
Belmont ...1 27^ 135 Mizpah Ex ... — 15
California ... 07 — Mont Ton. 3 12% 3 17*4
Cash Boy ... 17 20 N V Ton Con. 20 21 I
Gold Anchor.. 02 — North Star '5S f 0 j
Great Westrn 03 — Ohio SO ."3
Home' 06% 07 Paymaster ... 02% C 4
Home Con .. — 10 Rescue ....... 07 —
Ind Tonopah.. 01% <".2, S Nev Dev... — 16
Jim Butler .. 76 771 Ton Exten ...5 25 —
Lucky Tom... — 171 Ton of Nev. l4 50 —
MacNamara. . 40 431 Inited Ton . . — 15
Midway .152% — | West End ... — 110
Goldneld District.
Adams 04 — I Jumbo Ex ... IS 20
Austin — :n I Kendall 13 1«
Black Butte.. 24 26! Lone Star ... — 12
Blk Eutte Ex 02% —I May Queen .. 19 21
Black Rock.. 02 02V,! Mohawk — 20
Blue Bell ... 03 05' Xcv Goldneld. 14 —
Blue Bull ... 09 13|Oakes 04 C 8
Brooklyn o*_» 05 Oro — 'C4i
Columbia Mt. 20 —Pa Goldneld.. 01 —
Diamond — 15 Red Lion 03 C 8
Diamondfleld. — 41 Red Top 39 40
Dixie 14 leLßed Top Ex.. — 04
Frisco — 20 St Ives 14 16
Gldfld G Dust 06 07 Sandstorm — 65
Gldfld L Star. — OS! Sandstorm Ex. 07 09
Goldrteld Nev. 56 61) Silver Pick ..10 13
Jumbo M Co. 70 — j Slmmerone ... 20 —
Bullfrog District.
j 15^.63, al«o lot on SK corner of Thirteenth
; evenue and T street, S 51rt:ll. NE 232:02. Wl
! i'u».4o: *w. > >\u25a0
f H. S. and Nell Williamson to Joseph 2.
Sand, let on E line at Thirtv-Hrst avenue, 23
S of;U street. S 50. by E. 120; $10, .
James, Peter C. and Katie S. Brown, wif»
] oi" IVter Hiown. to A (Idle Brandon, lot on W
| lie? of Forty -third avenue, 350 ri of U street.
, S 7ri by W l^il; Jlft.
James. Pet?r C. ar.rt Katie S. Brown (wlf»
1 of i'eter C. Brown) to Cathrine Brandon, lot
1 on VV line of Forty-thirl avenue. 2"to S of U
street. S 73 by W ll'o: $10.
Same to I;ose Brandon, lot on W line ot
Forty-third avenue, i'^s S of U street, S 75
by W 120; ?!(>.
F. J. Cast?!hun to FarksMe Realty Com
pany, lot on XS corner of Thirty-seventh av»
i nue and X street. » l'K> by E UC:6; $lt>.
ilary Murray to Catherine A. Burns, lot on
I S corner of Vienna street and In-Ita avenu*
i SW 50 by SE ICO. subdivisions 25 and 2H.
A block 67 Excelsior Homestead Association;
I $800.
J. J. Downie to Henry and Nicholas Wei
i ver. property out of county: .
S. Ducas Company to Karl J. Anderson, lot
on \V line of Potrerr> avenue -168:6 S of Silver
; avenue, S «::« by W ICO. lots «t> to 62, block
P. Silver terrace: $10.
Joseph Herczog to Annie Herczogr, let 17
and \v half of tot IS. block 24. Keis Tract:
$10.
Frank, or Frank U. Walther to Jeanettw
Walther. lot on S corner of Sherman street and
Huron avenue. SW 160 by SE 260. SB 168,
NW 322. Tots 1 and 2. block 20. West End
map 2; gift.
M. C. DufTy tr> Myrtilla J. Pelxotto. lot on
W l!n» of Goettlngert street. 130 S of MaaselV
S 50 by W 120. lot 4 block 20. Paul Tract;
$10.
Perry J. and Emm a G. Smith to Ar.tonl»
Puccini, lot on NW line of Munich street. 225
SW of Russia avenue. SW 75 by XW 100. lot
7. block 80. Escelalar Homestead Association;
Perry J. and Emma O. Smith to Agosttno
Cardentl. lot on NW line of Munich street.
160 SW of Russia avenue SW 75 by SW
100. lot 7. block 80. same; $fO
Wnilam H. and Mary E. Taylor to Alfred ""
D. Bowen. lots 341 to 343. sift map 4; $10.
Ells Raymond to Cetia E Raymond let on
W line, of Prospect avenue. 25 S of Cos© sir«9t,
S 25 by W 70. lot 111), girt map 3; also tot
on W line of Prospect avenue, 25 3 of Coco
street. N 15*£ inches by W 70. lot 117 same;
$10.
Eva Morris to Burton B. Brown and Lottl*
A. Purcell. lot on E line- of Paris \u25a0tr»«t, 23
N of Persia. N 25 by E ICO. block 19, Excel
elor Homestead Association; $10
Builders' Contracts. •
R. G. Hooker (owner) with Frank H. Mills
(contractor), architects. Meyer & O'Brien—
Plumbing and gas fitting for three two- story
frame buildings on lot on S"W line of Golden
! Gate avenue and Polk street. W 70 by S 9O;
$2070.
Schussler Bros, (owners) with John Mlron
(contractor), architect A. J. Barnett — All work
for alterations and additions to factory build
ing on lot on N line of Grove street, between
Franklin and Gough. 312. 314 and 318 Grove:
$4540.
Alamcila County.
Louise Caddy (widow) to EUese Henaen (vrif
of C). lot on W line of Horton or Ellen street.
400 S of A. S 25 by W 133, portion of lot 12.
block N. lands of Peralta Homestead Associa
tion, etc., Oakland; $10.
H. P. Bancroft to Samuel Nelson, lot 6, block
D, Santa Fe Tract No. 2, Oakland; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to August Baring (sin
gle), lota 19 and 20, block 20, Mathews Tract.
Oakland: $10.
Same to Caroline Gruber (widow), lota 5 and
6. block P. Bryant Tract. Oakland: $10,
Jens and Clcilie Larsen (wife) to L>yd!a M.
Methever, lot on N ltne of Bay View street.
50 E of Orange. E CO by N 141. lot 2. block
25. Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
. Louis Chartrand to Bay Shore Lumber Com
pany (corporation), lot on W line of Franklin
street. 25 N of First. N 75 by W 75. lots VJ.
20 and 21 block 7. Kellers berger's map. Oak
land; 55000.
Annie and Jacob Smith to Catherine Paine
(widow), lot on W line of Madison street. 75 ">
S of Third. S 50 by W 75. lots 13 and 19,
block 13. same. Oakland; $10.
Frank W. Sonderleiter (administrator estate
of Florence R. Rowland) to Caroline De Mooy,
all interest in lot on E line of Center street,
6tt S of West Ninth, E *1:S by S 27:3, portion
of lot 3 13 and 14. block 5.~2. map of Elghth
street Tract. Oak.an.l; ?210»>.
Ellen Stokes (widow) to Ellen Faulkner
(widow), all interest in lot on SE corner of
Hobart street and Tel^jjraph avenue. E 103
by S 53 :5. block C. Wllcox place, Oakland;
?10.
Donald Nicolson to Mary Leonard fwlfe of
Dolty). lot en E line of Center street. 100 N
of A, N SO by E 133. being subdivisions A and
B. lot 2. block 70.".. map 2. Watts Tract. Oa'i
land; $10.
Andrew and Lena Chri.u^n.sen to 0. W. and
Emma H. Phillips, let on W enmtx of Twen
ty-sixth avenue and East T^nth scr??t. SW t5B
by NW 75. portion of lets 17. IS and 10. block
D. Knowies * Potter subdivision of Kennedy
Tract. East Oakland; also 2.1 feet on College 1
avenue by SO, portion of lot 5. Eishop & Hart
Tract, first party reserves right for wwerasa
to premises, Alameda: $10.
Rasmus and Hannah M. Peterson to Charles
Butters, lot 61. revised rrnn of Rose Lawn
Park. Oakland Township: SlO.
Charles and Jessie Buttera to R. A. Perry,
same. Oakland Township: S!f>.
California Home Building Lran Company to
Lyman Allen, lot on S lins of Francisco
street. 213:3 E or Hamilton (nor.- McGee). B
66:9 by S 135:4 4. portion of lots 3 and 4.
block 3, State University Homestead No. 4,
Berkeley: ?10.
Flora M. Thomas (widow) to The LlmJ^rer!-
Hicks Company (corporation), a two-thirds In
terest In improvements ozi N 100 of E 3S feet
of lot f> and N 100 ft of lo»3 10. 11 and 12.
block B. B!akf» Tract No. 1. Berkeley: also
a two-thirds interest in S leas?s 2**). F?bruary
2. 1004. made by Board of Education o? town,
of Berkeley to Fl<^ra M. Thomas, covering
above described real nronerty. subject to deed
of trust. Flora M. Thomas- to Berkeley Bark
of Savings. 97S D. 2"!1. B°rk°'ey: also siibj»i-t
to interest of S. 8. Quackenbush in above de
scribed property; $10.
Berkeley Home Building Association (corpo
ration) to S. JonTPHferf. lot on W line of
Fcurth street ICO S of Artdi3on. S 47 by W
121. lot R. block WS. tract B. Berkeley Land
ftnd Town Improvement Association Berkeley
slo. • ' .
Vine F. Kinne (single) to Fred H. Brown. A
lot en E comer of Fremont avenue and Tvtjjk
Tta.Tr. street. NE B5 by SE 125. portion of lot^
S. blork 9. Sather Tract. Fruitvale. Brooklyn
Towrshir; SlO.
Edward H. Dodge to Elizabeth B. Dodsre.
lot on NE corner of Atameda avenue and
Chestnut street. E 200. thence at right angles
150. thence parallel witn Alameda avenue
2CO to E line of Chestnut street. S 150 to be
ginning, lots 1 to 4. lands adjacent to Enclnal.
Alameda: ?10. » .
Almeda Wilson et al. to Apies Ewlng (single)
(a minor), lot on NW corner of Fountain and
FUlmore streets. N 30 by W ICO. beinir S por
tion lot 1. block 3S. Alameda. and lands adja
cent. Alameda: $10.
Wickham and Florence W. Havens to Lllltan
R. Cabl-s (single), lot 113. Oak Park Tract.
Oakland: $10.
Anne Fox. Christopher and Daniel Fynes (by
Abe P. Leach, attorney) to Domestic Laundry
Company (a corporation^, lot on N line ot La ti
ro 1 street. 517:1 E of Telegraph road as BptS
road existed In IS6S. E 100 by N 113:4, lota 14
and '15. Lincoln Homestead Union. Oakland;
$10.
Charles Edward Qufgley to Emma Z. Qu!*
ley (wife) lot on N line or Sycamore street,
407 E of San Pablo avenue. E 25 by N 93:5 H.
block J. Kelsey Tract. Oakland: $10.
James and Marie X. Hansen to Charles J.
Hansen. lot on SB corner of Idaho and Black
stone streets. E P0 by S 100, lots 1 and 2 In
block B. In lot r.. Dohr Tract, containing SO
acres, Oakland Township: $10.
Louise M. and Charles A. Keeler to Dor»
N\ Williams (widow), rerecord 1018 Z>. ICO.
lot on N line of Dwijrht way. 154.38 E of
Prospect street B 40. N to N line of lot 15,
W to point distant 4 feet E from E line of
said lot, S to N line of Dwight way and be
ginning, being W 4O feet east of and adjoin
ing W 4 /eet of lot 15. block A. Bachelder
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
G. Konlgsben? (single) to M. L. Wurts. lot
on N line of Tompkins or Oregon street. 80 B
of Dwinelt* or Magee. N 100 by B 49, portion
of lot 6. block 5. State University Homestead
Association No. 3. Berkeley: $10.
James L. and Mary C. Barker to C. A. V.
Jensen, lots 9 and 10. block 47. Tract B.
Rorkeley L. and T. I. Association. Berkeley;
$10
Mary F. Potnsett (wldow> to Lucy A. Peek
lnpah. lot on N ltn» of Blak» street. 2C7 B
of Ellsworth. E 2t>:« by N 134:«. portion o&J
lota 17 and is. block A. Leonard Tract. Berke-T
ley; $10. V. r
Blfrsr Jumper. — lllstein-xay 1" 1*
Bullfrg NEk 22 24 Ventura ...... 11 1"
D«n Bullfrog. 10 21 Wolverine .... C 5 10
Den Blfg Anx — C 3 Vista Grande... — CS
Eclipse 35 3(3
Other • Districts.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY AUGUST 12, 1905.
14
der auspices I. O. O. F. ; Lodge on th* arrival
of 11:45 train from San Francisco. , Inter-
ment Tomales. . '
WARD— In this city. August 11, 1905, Annio,
beloved wife of Hubert Ward, and mother of
- Harry M., Frank H.. George -M: and the late
John J. Ward, and Mrs. L. Wickstrom,
Mrs. P. , C. Jure and Mrs. J. N. Downey,
aged 67 years. -
(ETlnterment private.
iFILiOTS
In Odd Fellows' and Masonic Cemeteries can be
exchanged for Plots In
MT . OLI V E T CEM ETE R Y.
For particulars apply at City Office,
GRANT BLDG.. MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY
San Mateo County!
SIASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION.
586 James Flood Building, S. F.
APARTMENT HOTJSES.
THE Vtra Apartments,. 1007 Eush St., near,
Jones; under entirely new manageinsnt; new
ni:d thoroughly renovated: 2 and 3 room
fuites. turn, or unXurn. for hskpg.: also beau-
tifully turn, ylngle rms. .for gents; reas.
A— ST. LAWRENCE APARTMENT — New,
modern building; turn, or unfurn. apart-
ments of 2. 3, 4 rooms: private baths; from
$15 to (35. Phone Main 5130. 1335 Mason st.
MODERN sunny newly furnished apartments,
opp. Jefferson square; close In; best location
in city. 97-; Eddy ct. - : .
i A— KENILWORTH, cor. Bush, Powell; 3-room
j sunny aprts. ; single rooms: modern; reas.
AltlEL flats. 531 Turk— l-2-3-room housekeep-
ing apartments; furn. or unfurn.; reasonable.
EL CARMELO. 1710 Washington, nr. Van Ness
Hve. — Sunny 3, 5. 6 room apts. ; also single.
THE Frederick. 001 Stanyan— l to 5 rooms.
overlooking Golden Gate Park: tel. Page 6166.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House.. 14S Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 573 Market 6t. (or No. 1
Fifth Bt.)— Rooms. 25c to 50c, *1. $1 60 night:
$1 Ml to $10 week;- house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. 11 20 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights, running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to . r >Ue p?r night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH, 1253— Front room Trent $8 per month.
CASTRO. 429 Vj— Three unfurnished, private,
sunny rooms; $10. • . \u25a0
CLAY. SiffH — Sunny furnished room; bath and
phc-.u-; $7; private family; no sign.
CLEMENTINA, 437— Rooms to let.
EIGHTEENTH, 3390, cor. Mission — Newly fur.
front parlor rooms; bath; phone; $10 and $12.
ELEVENTH. 'Si'i— Unfurnished; 3 sunny rms.,
bath, in upper flat; also 2 newly furn. rms.
ELLIS, llu. near Powell — Elegant, sunny fur-
nished rooms, en suite or single; moderate.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
! rooms to let. •
j FOLSOM, 2s!)0 — Four unfurnished rooms;
sunny and new. . .
FOLSOM, 1.">27 — A nice, sunny, bay-window
front room; gas, bath and phone."
I FOURTH. 271— H0 rooms; all sizes and prices;
new, modern: hot and cold water. .
GRAND, 2" — One large front room.
GRAND SOUTHERN, Seventh and Mission—
I'jO rooms. 35c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $7 wk.
HOTEL Hamilton, 125 Ellis— New hotel, Just
opened; class "A"; steel building, strictly
fireproof: European plan; telephone and
tteam heat in every room; rooms without
bath. $1 per day; with bath. $1 50 to S3; re-
duced rates by week or month.'
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN. cor. Ellis and Leav-
enworth — 300 rooms; modern and up to date;
light, eunny and airy; hair mattresses; free
baths: everything fresh nad clean; single
rooms and baths; reasonable rates.
HOWARD, 500— Furnished rooms.
HOWARD, 715 — Rooms, 25c to $1 per day:
51 r.O to $3 per week; reading-room, etc.
HOWARD, 245C — Large, sunny front room; hot
and cold water, gas.
MARKET, 75i> — Fine furn. rooms; gas, electric
lights, running water: convenient; reasonable.
MARKET. 1004 — One small room to let;. third
floor; $1 25 week.
MARTHA place, 5. off Geary, near Mason —
Floor 4 unfurnished rooms; adults.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third st. — 100
slngb and family rooms, 35c to $1 50 per day;
$2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office en ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to its guesta. -
MISSION. 2406— Sunny room.
OAK. 419A — Nicely furnished room, with pri-
vate family: board if desired; homelike and
quiet.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator and electric lights; unfurnished offices.
PAGE, 20 — Two single furnished rooms.
RIO VISTA Hotel, .253 Third St.. nr. Howard—
New house, with modern conveniences: rooms
en suite and single; rates by day 35c up;
by week, $2 up; baths free to guests.
SANCHEZ. IS42— Rooms. \u25a0 -
SHOTWELL. 714 — 2 sunny furnished -room 3
suitable for housekeeping If desired.
THE Pierre, 579 O'Farrell — Beautifully fur-
nished suite and single; reasonable.
TURK, 411 — Papered, clean sunny rooms;
suites, single; also housekeeping rooms: gas
«or coal stove.
TWENTY-NINTH, 235 — Rooms to let.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, nr. Market — 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus. baggage.
WE3STER, IS22 — To let, 5 furnished rooms'
batli and piano, for three months. t
WOLF HOUSE, Sixth and Howard sts. — Best
known transient house in city: clean, neat;
charges reasonable; central location com-
mends it to traveling public; cafe attached;
cars pass door. G. H. yon der Mehden. prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 7U> rooms,
35c to $1 50 nightly. $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus. baggage.
A BRANCH office ot The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at lOCS . Market St., ODDOslte Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. '
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ots.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A^^H^TfETTIiiARXBOR^
JUST OPENED. Rooms modern and up to
date; light, sunny and airy; hair mattresses:
free baths; everything elegant, fresh and
clean; table unexcelled; rates very reason-
able; must be seen to be appreciated; located
in the heart of the city — iO4 Eddy St.— 4o4.
"Best meals In the clty."«
CHURCH, 301— Sunny front rooms, with board;
• reasonable; also housekeeping.* • • :
ELLIS,- 453— Nice furnished rooms with . best
table board for young men; very reasonable.
JOHNSTON, THE. 605 O'Farrell— Sunny suites,
and single rms: excellent board: references.
JONES, 373 — Nicely furnished room, sultablr
for one or two. for rent, with board. \u25a0 -
Old Stevenson Mansion, 807 California St.; new
carpet 3 and- Interior; exceptional table; rm>d.
ROOMS with board; home cooking; $5 per
week and up. 655 Howard st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG lady wants room, light board, private
family of 2, near town. Box 8921, Call.;
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNlSHED. housekeeping rooms wanted near
the I'resldlo: in quiet and decent house. Box
5026. Call office. .
'SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
EXPERIENCED salesmen ana canvassers can
fln-1 good positions at the White Sewing Ma-
chine Company's offices, 915 Market 5t.,1865
\u25a0 . Fillmore St., San Francisco,' and 470 Thir-
teenth et.. Oakland.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
\u25a0 Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented ; lowest rates. ' Domes-"
tic office. 1021. Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand, $3 $5, $8;. slightly
used, $10. $15 and $20. • You know where
dolls swing In the window. 1051 Market at.
STABLES TO LET.
TO let — Four stalls; room for wagon. ' 138
South Park. .
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.;;
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. , $25; other typewriters at
higher v and lower prices; rentals. . $2 50. I The
Typewriter Exchange. 530 California st.
2D-H AND typewriters sold, rented. ' repaired;
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co . 503 Market.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
ENGRAVED wedding invitations, visiting and
business , cards,- crests, etc. ; ' high-class work
at moderate rates. J. H. DUNCAN," 126
Kearny, rooms -1-2.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Ferdlnando Sarno. - 31, 225S Polk street, and
Alda Bernierl, 27, 930 Sutler street. :
. Alfred Matson, 23," 714 North Point street,"
and Anna Asplund, 21; . 1223 Rhode Island st.
Frank A. O'Brien.' 25, 742 Sixth avenue, and
Josie Shanzer, . 20, i 1129 '. Pierce - street." \u25a0"• -» "
• Edmund O. Pullen. 20, 2217 Pine street, and
Lillian Daviu, 23. , Berkeley. ••..:. -/
Charlie H. - Moody, v 2l, 534 Central avenue,,
and . Henrietta Leonard. IS. '. 1000 Broderlck st.
I ALAMEDA ADYERT'S'MTS
ALAJIIiDA ROOMS.
i PACIFIC aye., lrtls. Alameda— Furnished «uitc
fur 2 or .'J young men.
! IJEKXELEV ADVERT'S'NTS
\u25a0
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE^
i $320"— NEW 7-roo.n " house: modern In every
way: lot 40x100: street work complete; tee
owmr. 3!»ll Virginia st., .or P. O. box 123,
Berkeley.
TO RE.\T. •_
I TWOrSTORV lacl.jiy or warehouse; University
aye near railroad: suitable any business;
convenient and cheap. SADLER. 211S Center.
! OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TJS
1
I OFFICE. JOl6 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAAD REAL ESTATE.
A. J. SNVDER.
KEAL ESTATE IiRUKKK AND DEALER.
FIXE INSURANCE.
yOl lir^adway, cor. Eighth.
INVESTMENTS.
For Sale by Me exclusively.
$16,000 — A ln-siiH^i t>roperty on the north
side of Seventh et., right at Adeline station;
contains 2 flats and a ccttage; everything in
tplendi'l condition; bringing in handsome in-
come; this property will warrant an lnvestl-
gatou by any careful purchaser. llti
$10,500 — A corner running through from
street to street; on Telegraph aye., in the heart
cf Alden"s business district; good improve-
ments; paying a fair income. 102
A NICE PAIR OF FLATS.
?SoC0 — Abcut 100 feet east of San Pablo aye.,
south cf Eighteenth *t.: gcod flats of 5 and 7
rooms and bath; lot 25x115. 118
A SUB-DIVISION.
J5OO0 — Here is a chance for, a speculator.
Near the center of East Berkeley; street work
mostly ail done; will average §11 per foot. 117
See Tliis at Once.
VACANT LOTS. *
$6^o — North side of Alcatraz aye.; lot 35x
115: ih'.s property is Jus* off Telegraph; Key
Route cais :>ass property. 113
SNAP FOR QUICK SALE.
$33 per front foot. North tide of Moss aye.,
just east of Oakland aye. : lot 05x150. 120
$ieoo^-31st St., bet. Grove ar.d Telegraph;
nlre lucaticn for a home; lot 40x140. 115
$1400— Pe'-ond aye., near East Fourteenth
St.: lot 40x100. 119
$\u25a050 per front foct. NE. cer. «n Oakland and
! Moss ayes.; must be sold. 121
$22 ncr front foot: lot 5Cx94; Oakland aye.,
near the Stone Steps. This Is a bargain. 109
$4600— Buplness lot on San Pablo. Market
and Myrtle: E0\250. with a frontage on San
Pablo and Market -of 50 feet, running back to
j Myrtle. 10S
I HOMES.
$3000 — Mess aye., near Telegraph; house of
I 6 rooms and bath; lot 46x115. 106
$2250 — Terms can be arranged; house of 6
j rooms and bath on the west side of Myrtle
, et., bet. 24th and 20th sts.: lot 25x125. 107
$3000 — 2-stcry house on Grove st.. bet. sSth
and 59th ota.; lot 40x120; street work com-
plete. 112
$5250 — NE. cer. on 14th st. east of Adeline;
S2 feet front: SDlendid home in good condi-
tion. See this at once as It is a bargain. 109
$7250 — Lot 45x140; new home; completely
furnished: hardwood floors, etc. ;. in a beauti-
ful residence district; house of 8 rooms nnd
bath. 122
$0000 — On Linda Vista Terrace; home of 9
rooms and bath; lot 60x152; In good condi-
tion. 100
A. J. SNTDER,
REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER,
FIRE INSURANCE.
901 Broadway. Corner Eighth.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargal n rinTurnlturei
H. Schellhaas. 11th tt . cor, etore. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert Vents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALTON House. 204 McAllister— Nicely furl
nish«d housekeeping rooms.
CASTRO, 42ft, nr. 17th— 3 private upper sunny
hskpg: pleasant rooms; large yard; $10.
CENTRAL aye.. 07. nr. Halght— 2 sunny un-
furn. hskpg rms; mod con; adults; reas; ref.
CLIPPER, 452 — 3 furnished rooms, bath, base-
n.ent. bay-window; gunny; $12; Castro car.
COOK, 21 — 2 or 3 rooms, housekeeping; bath
gas, laundiy: $10 and $12.
EDDY, 21U — 2 single rooms; also 2 basement
rooms for housekeeping.
j' ELEVENTH. 116 A —Furnished housekeeping
100 ms to let.
ELLIS. 011 — Front bay-window suite; nicely
furn.; running water; bath; quiet; reason-
able.
' FIRST. W5 — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
i FOLSOM. 123<i— Furnished housekeeping rooms
to let; single if desired.
FOURTH. 225 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; also other rooms.
I KULTON. 23 — Two rooms for housekeeping,
gas, bath. 1
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 372—1 or 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms: other rooms; private.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 43S— Nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1002B— Large, clean,
f.unny, well furnished parlor rooms; light
housekeeping for teachers.
1 HAIGHT, 13S — Beautiful sunny alcove room
with nice kitchen, complete; turn, for hskpg.
I HARTFORD, 31. nr. Castro— s furnished rooms
i fcr hskpg: gas and bath; nice locality; $23.
I HAVES, 332 — 3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; no children; $14.
HOWARD, 650— Front room and kitchen for
housekeeping.
HOWARD. 719%— Sunny housekeeping and
other rooms: very reasonable; locked door.
HOWARD, 2351— 2 well furnished rooms, $10
to two adulte; all conveniences.
JESSIE. 323— Large front parlor; furnished-
housekeeping; gas range; $3 50; other rooms.
JONES. 507, corner O'Farrell— Housekeeping
rooms; nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
JONES, 509 — Nice housekeeping suite, $1S:
single rooms. $10 : furnished.
JONES. 906— Three beautiful, sunny front
rooms; complete for housekeeping.
LARKIN. Sl7%— Nicely furnished sunny corner
room, with gas etove; reasonable.
MARKET, 1035 — Housekeeping rooms, J4 up.
MCALLISTER, 220A — Sunny bay window room
\u25a0with small kitchen complete for house-
keeping; other rooms.
MINNA. 2M. cor' Fourth— Furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; also single.
MISSION. 2512 — Two or three rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping; use of gas and
bath.
MISSION, 2750 — Sunny alcove "room, grate and
running water; connecting room; coal and
• ras stoves.'
OAK. 117. or 14 Page — Complete hskpg.; gaa
range free; hot bath, laundry; $1 25-S3 50 wk.
OAK. 384 — 3 eunny rooms, complete housekeep-
lng; gas, bath, laundry; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 004—2 newly furnished front
rooms with alcove; suitable for light house-
keeping; $20.
PACIPiC aye., 1604—2 or 3 lovely front rooms;
bath and gas; modern; $IS.
PERRY, 205, near Fourth— Furnished hou» s
keeping rooms, with gas stoves, cheap; also
other rooms.
POLK, 1018 — Sunny room; reduced: gas, bath,
etc.: no objection to children.
POWELL, 70C — Two .front sunny rooms; 3
closets; water, gas range: reasonable.
SECOND. 204—1 or 3 housekeeping . rooms.
where lady can have some plain sewing.
SEVENTH, 191— Sunny, bay window, house-
keeping rooms; also connecting rooms.
SEVENTEENTH. 3717— Housekeeping rooms
to let: furnished and unfurnished; $5 up fur-
nished rooms. •
TWENTY-THIRD. 3128, nr. Dolores— Sunny
buy window rms.; fur. complete bskpg; nice,
neat, complete.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions r#ceived,a:
\u25a0 Call branch oiflce. cor. Duncan & Church st*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
b«*n opened at 100? Markot St., opposite
Fifth. Open until II p. m.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices ' sent by
mall will notibe inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons - authorized- to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. . ;
BOKX. ,
McGUIKE— In this city, July 31, 1905, to the
wife of Thomas H. McGuire, a son.
SHERER— August 10, 1905, to the wife of Rex
William Sherer, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ANDERSON— CANEVARO— In San Francisco,
August 9. 1905, by the Rev. H. H. Bell. J.
H. Anderson and Julia Canevaro, both of
SnelllnKY Merced County, California.
COLEMAN— CHAPMAN— In this city, August
10, 1905, by the Rev. H\H. Bell, Gustaf A.
Coleman of Los Angeles, Cal.,; and Elizabeth
. Chapman of Memphis, Term.
McKENDRY— BRARENS— In this city, Au-
gust 9, 1905. by the Rev. F. M.' - Larkln.
James McKendry and Hattie Brarens, both
of this city. ...•--\u25a0 ;
DIED.
Becker, Johanna, 82 Powell, Sarah L., 70
Callahan, Cornelius, 74 Ruppricht, John, 72
Enemark. G. A., 23 Schlueter. John, ttt
Girard, Mary, 53 Smith, Elizabeth E.
Hail, Joseph Charles. Smith, Mrs. Russell B.
Jurgens, Josephine," 28 Taussig, Eva.
Mrnner, H. F., 18 Vanderbilt. Willlam.74
Moulton, Mary E. "Ward, Annie, -B7
ilcArthur, Louis, 36
BECKER— In Thermalito, Atlgust 9, 1905, Jo-
hanna Becker, beloved wife of William
Becker, and mother of Mrs. Charles Braun,
a native of Germany, aged 82 years 3 months
and 13 days.
CT'Frleads and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. ra., from the
funeral parlors of the H. F. Maaes Company,
917 Mission street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, via electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
CALLAHAN— In this city, August 11, 1005.
Cornelius, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Callahan, and father of John J. and Thomas
F. Callahan and Mrs. James C. Daly, Mr*.
John H. Rademann and Mrs. Peter Burke, a
native of Fermoy. County Cork, Ireland,
aged 74' years.. A veteran of Sixty-ninth
New York Volunteers.
EyFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
August 14, at 9 a. m., from his late resi-
dence 350 Michigan street, thence to St. Te-
resa's Church, where a requiem high mass
• will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ENEMARK— Aboard the transport Buford,
August 7, 1905, George A., beloved -son of
Andrew J. and Anna L. Enemark. and
j blotter of Leon H. Enemark and Mrs. Jo-
sep>. B. Lawler, a native of San Francisco,
Cal., aged 23 years t5 months and 24 days.
A member of Journeymen Plumbers'. Gas
and Steam Fitters' Union, Local 442.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m., at
the parlors of Craig, Cochran & Co., 429
Golden Gate avenue, between Polfand Lar-
kin streets. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
The funeral detail of Local Union No.
442, Journeymen Plumbers, Gas and Steam
> Fitters, will please assemble at parlors of
Craig, Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate aye-
' nue, Saturday, August 12, at 1:30 p. in., to
attend the funeral of Brother George Ene-
mark. Fines for non-attendance.
THOMAS PARKINSON. President.
\u25a0 D. W. WELSH, Secretary.
GIRARD— In this city. August 11, 1905, Mary,
beloved wife of Peter Girard, and mother of
Mrs. John Mlrrasoul. Mrs. Leon Dleu, Mrs.
Thomas Lebell and Isabelle, Paul and John
' Giraru, a native of France, aged 53 years 7
months and 4 days.
HALL — At his country home, Casa Grande.
Lake County, August 9, 1905, Joseph Charles
Hall, a native of Ohio.
ETTrlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the San Francisco Police Department
. are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at r o'clock p. m., from
the Masonic Temple, corner Post and Mont-
gomery streets, under tile auspices of King
Solomon's Lodge Xo. 260, F. and A. M. In-
terment National Cemetery. Presidio.
JURGENS— In Emeryville. August 11. 1905,
Josephine, beloved daughter of J. H. Jurgen6
and the late Pauline Jurgens, and sister of
Henry; Edward, Lewis and William Jurgens
and Mrs. William Hartman. a native of Oak-
land, aged 2S years 5 months and 12 days.
MoARTHUR — In Portland, Or., August 9. 1005,
Louie, beloved husband -of -Mamie McArthur,
and son of Margaret and "the late D. McAr-
thur of Oakland, and brother of John,
Thomas, Joseph, Frank B. and Charles Mc-
; Arthur, Mrs. Mary Davidson and Mrs. A. T.
Campbell, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 36
years 4 months aud 4 days.
MINNER— In this city, August 9. 1905, Har-
rold F., beloved son of William H. and El-
Jen Minner. and beloved brother of Eliza-
beth, Alice. Albert. Willis. Walter and Perry
Minncr and Mrs. Harry Leech, a native of
San Francisco, aged IS years 11 months and
5 days. (Redwood City, Cal., and New
York State*papers please copy.)
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral Saturday,
at It o'clock a. m., from his residence, Cl 2
Second avenue, thence to Star of the Sea
Church, Point Lobos and Eighth avenues,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repoEe of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross .Cemetery.
MOULTON— In this city, August 10, 1005,
Mary E., widow of the late W. J. L. Moul-
ton, beloved mother of Edith M. Moulton.
daughter of • Elbrldge G. and the late Sarah
S. Cook, and sister of Charles E, Cook, a
native of Boston, Mass.
E^Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services at her late resi-
dence, 71 South Broderlck street, on Sat-
urday, August 12, at 10 a. m. Interment
private. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
POWELL— In this city, August 0, lOCS, Sarah
Louise Powell, wife of the late Abraham
Powell, mother of Mrs. Frank A. Leach and
James Henry, P. Florence, Eva Paxson and
L. Blanche Powell, and sister of Mrs. Fannie
, Stanford of Oakland, a native of Philadel-
phia, Pa., aged 75 years 9 months and 16
days. 1 .
ET'Friends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, August 12, at 1 p. m.. from her
late residence, 2590 Pine street, corner of
Scott. Interment private.
RUPPRICHT— In this city. August 11. 1905,
John Ruppricht, beloved nusband of the late
Herminie Ruppricht, and father of Charles,
Minnie and Elsie Ruppricht, a native of Ba-
varia, Germany, aged 72 years 9 months and
12 days.
E7"Friends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the funer-
al parlors of the H. F. Maass Company, 917
Mission street. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cem-.
etery.
SCHLUETER— In this city, August 11, 1905.
John, beloved husband . of the late Louise
Schlueter, and father of Mrs. Emma Wurth- '
mann, and stepfather of Mrs. Minnie Schroff,
and grandfather of Lottie and Ruth Wurth-
mann, a native of Bremen, Germany, aged
04 years 2 months and 5 days. •
SMITH— In this city. August 10, 1905, Eliza-
beth Eldredge Smith, beloved wife of the late
Sidney Mason. Smith.
C7"fcjervices at . St. Luke's Church, Clay
. street nnd Van Ness avenue, on Sunday,
August 13, at 2:30 p. m.V
SMITH— In this city. August 3, , 1905, Mrs.
Rut-sell B. Smith, a native of New York.
t^Notica :of , funeral hereafter.
TAUSSIG— In this city, August 10, 1905, Eva,
beloved wife of Edward Tausslg, and mother
of Mrs. Belle Harris, Louis Tausslg and Mr.=.
Louis Goodfrlend, and sister of Mrs. Esther
Levy of Seattle, .Wash., ftlrsv.R. Grossteln of
Lewlston, Idaho, -Mrs. ' Mary Joseph of Port-
land.. Or., Mrs.- Julia .Orosstein of this city
and Sol Newman of Seattle, and grandmother
of Z. H.. Ethan and Sadie Harris and Leila
Goodfrlend, a native of Prague, Bohemia.
(Virginia City, Nev., papers please copy).
ET-Frk-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, August 13, at 10 o'clock a. m., at
her, late residence, 1954 : Bush street. . Inter-
\u25a0 ment Homo of Peace Cemetery. ; by .11:30
a. nv train from Third and Townsend streets.
VANDERBILT— In Son Rafael, August 11,
100n, William Vanderbflt, husband of the
' late Mary Vanderbilt, ana father of Frank,
\u25a0 Ohary.-6 and Newell Vanderbllt and Mrs. T.
-J. Fallon and Mrs. J. W. Schlowfer, a na-
tive of New York, eged 74- years 2 months
and 17: days. : (Marln County papers please
- copy).. '
(C7"lnterment will take place on Monday,
August 14. at <. Tomalcs. . Marln County, un-
TELEPHONE MAIN 43.
N.QRAV&GG.,inc
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
Cyrus S. Wright, president; Geo- H. Clark,
vice president; Al P. Booth, treasurer; Harold
L. Wright, secretary. \u25a0;;..>
612-614 VAN NESS AVENUE.
Between Golden Gate avenue arid ' Turk street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. ,'
fMcAvoy,omaraS^Co.|
FUNERAJi DIRECTORS. I
. Removed *to ' Their ' New .; Parlors,
261-271 HATES ST., »pp. Sr. fUN ITIU3 CHURCH
I Lady Assistants.; .Telephone South 247. I,
jcoeoiyivoß&eo,
" FUNERAL DIRECTORS
767 MISSSION STREET '
-..-•' .. -,;-. TEL.' MAIN 8617* .- " J
iu:\l estate — citv — for salr.
"vvTjTounn;
."k>« California tt., SMXtuga Union bids.
\\ I'll-iovated lots norm o! oolJen Gate i*ark.
rtavlu-d by o line ot i.-a:s; grad.d, sirct work
dune.; gat. water an<i electricity In Irani, in-
cludes Mime tine corn«.i-. ; ; ca.i at office K-r
particular*, iur i!iest lota are going last; every
one o; thri.i a Jidi l-uy. even to *»fll auaiti at
a prutat, out to ljuild on lor a home are much
oi.iainr tn::n paying :vnt; to describe each lot
• . .. take u)> mm tl Kiuie.
>5.v.0— ITnton fct.. MUtuy ef<Se; 50xi::7:6; fine
niarini? View; cbeop lot.
tiiion si., tunny >i«ie; ;."ixl:;7:0; fi.-e
n:iiiliie rt*» ; «•;:*> term* of payment can bo «r-
ri-r.ced «n i:<is lot.
$'Cso— -<Jrcen *:.: lot 31x127 :«. with lovely
xrarir.f view.
J.:^.'i — GoUgti fcl.; lot 27.\110; basalt blacks
lai.;; a fiv.e hny. vory t!v-ap; choice location.
fc&MM— filbert tt., j-j:my side; lot 25xi:>< :C.
trUb lot SCxIUO in rear; taic marine view;
tir«-ft liitumitiizeti.
$jlso~lx-v:s-ai!.TO St.; lot 3ixlO:t; granl ma-
rir.e view: very cheap; tir.e locatloa.
Va'.lcjo bt., near Ki'.hnore; lota -« :flxlj< :«:
at a bargain.
$;5W— Larp» corner in Mission: on -oin St.,
I'juxlU: a s-j.iendid buy: many inquiries liiwe
bten made bjf larti.s wantms Mib.livis.oiis o.
Ibis lot; it is ottered as one p:ece at this low
price: both streets graded, macadamized ana
"*' ffc w. J. OUNN. . .~.53 California »t.
fcEASIDK HEIGHTS.
SiIASIDE HEIGHTS.
6EASUHS HEIGHTS.
NEW BLOCK.
NEW BLOCK.
Or: M ar.d N s>'.s . Mtlj ar.d iJth avee.
Every let with a n.arir.e vitw. Graded and
f»nctd.
Only 1300 leet from the Ocean Boulevard,
t^ee them to-morrow.
(•j, be reached by Iward wa!k from Ocean
Boulevard and M st.
OSCAR HETMAN & BROTHER.
115 Putter St.
BLV ONE BEFORE y ADVASCE pRIC£ .
$1 I* 1 EX WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$2"5 '.or choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table; on trade;
clos- to school and Miysion-st. electric cars:
tK.'"dnd to dcubie in value.
$4(«t each en inst?llments of Jlf* per month:
no taves: fine lots; titrar Ocean boulevard: best
r*-.-idei;ce location south of <Jol«2cti <»ate Park;
there ere tho cheapest lots in this district;
ei\ancl!;g in price ra::i<3!y.
U\ J. WHITE COMPANY.
?<• Montgomery St.. r. S. Prune Main 3704.
§40uo— AN elegant modern house of 7 rooms
and bath: fine fixtures; on account nf own-
<r's departure will s-ell at a facrifice; any
rr-aeor.able offer entertained; would prefer
to tell carpets ar-ii furniture a'.sr. See own- j
ir on premises. Brazil aye.: take SUaston-
tt. cars av.il get eff at Brazil aye.
110(19 — Cash down, balance monthly at 6 per
cent Interest, buys cottage. C rooms, bath:
lot 40 ft. fror-tar*: street bituminized drive-
way; stable; price fSOOO. See owner at
"Cio~ Mission st. |
NEW modern cottage and driveway on easy j
terms. Apply HIS Alvarado St.: Twenty-sec- j
«-n<J-st. car* or Castro west to Hoffman nve. |
$."I % CX!— RENTS $27: 2 rice flats: near Harrison j
ard Sixth tt*. W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 |
Montgomery St. I
£<"'N"T build before investipatln* Marshall 4
Steams' patent fixtures for apartments and
ccttaces Aronson b\ig.. SI Third et.
ONE Mock frcm Ocean Boulevard on 48th aye.:
fx-el>r.t buM-ilr.fr lot: bargain. Box 66C9, Call
SPECIAL— 2 modern flats in Western Addl-
tlrn: must sell. Call 332 Hyde st.
Fs:t;E— Our bcoklet on plumbinK: write AHL-
I'.AOH & MAYER plumbers. 83fi Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — COtNTRV — For Salf.
FOR sak- — Elegant tarm of 85 acres; choice
: ruil land; .VO<» trees in bearing; 50 acres in
grunts, apricots, pears, plums and peaches
and a lan.lly orchard, comprising 2 acres of
lemons, apples, walnut?, ngs. almonds, nec-
tarines, olives, etc; sII in first -class condi-
tion: the improvements consist of - cot-
tage?, iurnished ccmplfte. barn, fruithouse.
storehouse, windmill with large tank, and
well and spring water sufficient for all pur-
poses and water pined to the house; a grove
ot large live oak trees about the cottages;
Fuitxble for summer resort, sanitarium or
ITivate home: two hours by rail from city to
the larm: climate unexcelled; must be seen
to be appreciated. For further particulars ap-
ply to box 6920. Call office.
F< iR hotrl sanitarium or beautiful home. My
home reserve and Chittenden Sulphur Springs
r.l Chittendtn. Santa Cruz Co.. Cal. Only
great group of me.licinal sulphur springe
easily accessible frcm S. F. Trains etop at
• "hlfcnden station within 3<»o feet of springs,
fine climate, beautiful scenery, btst part of
State, ffSOCO (Forth of improvements, all new.
• Jreat water ri.zht. fine water system, beau-
tifully lantiscaped grounds, every conveni-
ence; CO acres choicest soil; a grand place
»n<l a great opportunity to make money.
Triio JIC.ChO. ver:.- easy terms. Owner, T.
<"HITTENDEN. Chimnden. Cal.
FREE— BUST CATALOGUE OF POULTRY.
FRUIT. ALFALFA. DAIRY AND STOCK
RANCHES. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
gomery it.. Sar. Francisco. Cal.
r«'H t?.'e — 2<"7 acres choice grain land; fine |
Improvement*, horses, cattle, farming imple-
ments. furniture, etc. Address box 70, 1/v- I
ermore. Alameria County. Cal.
CALIFORNIA land; alfalfa, corn, fruit, vines,
grain, t-tock. suburban: moderate terms: cata- !
logues free. C. M. Wooster Co.. li-tS Market. '
$1 25 AN acre; Government lan.i; inclose r-tamp !
fcr circular. DONNELLY TO.. 622 Market, j
f-j/iui — PETALUMA poultrj- ranch: 8 acres;
HOOP down, balance 6 p. c. Box 9002. Call.
BL'RLINGAME REAL ESTATE.
ON a cold, foggy day take a ride to Bur-
lingame and note the difference in climate.
Tou will enjoy the outing. A delightful place
close to the city. Beyond question the lots
we are offering for sale directly at the sta-
tion are the best bargains in the market: big
lots. r>oxlso and larger, for $-450; terms ?90
cash. $lf> monthly. Only a few lots left at
these low prices. Office on grounds.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
MILL VALLEY REAL 'ESTATE.
ONE cf San Francisco's most charming "sub- i
urb« Is Mill Valley; it is growing so fast; !
we have a few lou left in our tract right I
at tbe station, commanding grand view of
bay and mountains; tome are covered with
trees: all tbe streets are eewered; water
mains laid; prices range from $300 to f«560;
terms 10 per cent cash, $10 monthly. Agents
on tract Sunday. LYON & HOAG. 116
Montgomery st.
MARIX COrXTY REAL ESTATE.
$500 — 60x200 FOOT lot. with house and barn:
ruitable for chicken ranch.
$350 and vp — Fine building lots.
New 8-room flat and cottage to rent.
J. E. LEWIS. Kestfieia. Maria Co.
EXCHANGE.
FOR »a3e or exchange for city property — 640
acres unimproved land In Kern County; also
40 acre* of gold bearing gravel mine in Am-
ador County. Apply JOHN OCHSNER. 112
Beulah st.
REAL ESTATE WAXTED.
WANTED — Good Income property. W. J.
MORGAN & CO.. Investment Bankers. 79
X«w Montgomery tt.
STORAGE A.\D WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture!
household gooca stored, moved, chipped. 725-
781 Howard et., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CNION Square Transfer and Storage Co., 604
Van Ness a\^e. Phone East 448. Storage,
moving, packing; cut rates on freight-
CONKLIN"B storage; furniture aad merchan-
dise; Golden Gate & Larkln; phone East 120.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phono Jackson 281.
PIERCE — RODOLPH— Storage and Moving Co
Main office Eddy and Fillmore; tel.West 528.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
rt.; tel. Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates.
PBOPOSALS — ~
PROPOSALS for miscellaneous supplied tor
construction and repairs— Depot Quartermas-
ter's ofnc*. 36 New Montgomery st. San
Francisco. Cal.. August 10. 1805. Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, subject to the usual
conditions. wIU be received at this office
until 6 o'clock o. m. Friday. August 25
1905 Pacific etandanJ time, and then opened'
for furnishing hardware, muriatic acid, paint
brushes, carbolineum. cheese cloth, panes of
glass, glue, linseed oil. paints, putty. rc6ln.
eol£er eteel sheets. The United States re-
eerve* th« right to accept or reject any or
all bids or any Dart thereof. Information
and blank proposals will be furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
to be marked: "Proposal No. fi2ts, to b*
opened August 25. 1305," and addressed to
MAJOR C, A. DEVOL. Qr. Mr.. U. S. A..
Depot Qaartermaster.
LEGAL~KOTICES.
OK and after this date the undersign^ will
not be responsible for any debt cr debts con-
tracted by my wife. SL'SANNE HINDLE.
XT. H. HINDLE. 1&9 Geary st. AugustWheai— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening V.\V : £l 80 22 05
CXoalns'.--.'-----'----"-'. 22 05 22 95
*Flour—- \u25a0 — '--'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'- - -
Opening .....•.\u25a0..•...•-•••.•• 29 85 .30 15
Closing v... :..;..-.- :...... 2005. 30 15 .*
Foreign ' Futures.
Wheat — " -:-\u25a0 .Sept. \u25a0 Dec. March.
Opening ........... 6 S « I;, ' Nominal
Closing • 88 . -*L 7 H Nominal
, . PARIS.
WASHINGTON. Aug. . 11— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the ?150,000,000" gold re
serve. ' shows: Available cash balance $127
602.489: gold coin and bullion, • $54,068 501 \u25a0
gold certificates, $23,672,820. . ' '
Condition of the Treasury.
The weakness in Limas has disappeared anoj
the market Is becoming firmer again, with &
silent advance in quotation!. f The; other .de
scriptions are (unchanged.". .'-;', '
BEANS— Bayos, $4®4 50; Pea. $3@3 50;
Butter, $2 5004; small White. $3 25®3 76; large
White, $2 60®2 90: Pink. $1 50®2 50 for fair
to good and $3 25@3 75 for choice;- Red, (3 50
©7- Lima, $5 60®5 70; Red Kidneys, . $3®4 50;
Bla'ckeyes. : $3 25@3 50 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 60®3 75; Yellow
Mustard nominal; Flax,. $3 25®2 75; .Canary.
6%c; Alfalfa. 10®llc for and 12@
13c for Utah; Rape, 2%®3%c: Timothy, nomi
nal: Hemp. 3%c Pft^lb; Millet, . 2%®3%c;
Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton. .
DRIED PEAS— Niles.; $1 75@2 25; Green
Peas; $202 25.;. -.f- .- : -.: \u25a0-.;;;\u25a0 •
Beans 'and Seeds.
• The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, lees 40©
43 per cent shrinkage for Cattle: .
CATTLE — Steers. 5%®6c; Cows nad Heif
ers. 4fi4«c. •" ' - \u25a0.. -• >' .---'
CALVES— 3% ®4c per lb (gross . Weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%®3%c: Ewes, 3©3« a
per lb- (gross weight). •
L.OIBS — $2 75«r3 per head,
i HOGS— Live Hogs. 130 t0, 200 Ibe. &?4«6c
oVer 200 lbs. 5%®5%c; Feeders, nominal; Sowj,
20 per cent* oft: 80ar5., 50 per: cent off. and
Stags. 40 per cent oft from above quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
• Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : - -• '-. -",*\u25a0- • •
BEEF— 4%©5%c for Steers and 3%©4% c per
lb for Cowa.
VEAL— Large. 607 c; small. B®9%c per lb.
. MUTTON— Wethers, «%®7 %c; Ewes. s®«%c
per lb. \u25a0 /
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6%00e per lb.
Meal Market.
DRESSBD MEATS.
The millers quote a. very steady market for
Bran and Middlings. The situation in Hay
shows no change • whatever. There is plenty
on - the market . and the feeling continues very
weak. - . . \u0084;\u25a0.:'\u25a0\u25a0
BRAN-— s2l 50022 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— ?26<g2B 60 per ton.
SHORTS— S23@24 per ton. .'- is
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled- Barley. $21@23;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $33 50@34 50; jobbing
$35; Cocoanut Cake at mill. 522®22 50; jobbing'
$23; Cocoanut Meal at mill, $22@22 50; Jobbing.
$23; Corn Meal. . $30@30 50; Cracked Com.
$30 50@31; Mixed : Feed, $22 50@24; Horst
Beans. $30@40 per ton ;, Broom Corn Feed, UOc
per ctl; Calf alf a. Meal, carload lots, $21; Job
bing. $22 50 per ton; Meal f alf a. $18 in car lots
and $20 for smaller quantities. - --. .
HAY— Wheat, $7@13 50; .Wheat and Oat,
$6@12 50; Oat, $6@11; Barley, and Oat. $6 50<tf.
9 50- Barley. $o@9; Volunteer Wild Oat, $5@7;
stable.- $6®S : stock. $5®6; Clover. $7@lo;•Al
falfa. Se®9 per ton. - . . ;
STRAW— 3O® SOe per bale. .
Hay and . Feedstuff*.
1 Gun' Do pld ;iO3%]U»XIUBU KM
»jS»jISaU & Ohlo./.JUC«illls%!jls%inOK
I Do pfci J I U«O 101
!Cav Elate Can. ..!.;...' L 3-ICI Vi
'Brock In Has. ..I !•• ..'lB7 105
i6A iru^ P &1...-J U% «Hj l«'i M[»
inatwricit Co ...! 5« J C 3
" i AooK'-aa-i'la. sjcwth«-n! TTJVjJ <lri' «2!4i " 2 '%
aJiw i-rSnaai-in |»<»aeM2J»i!s?2 ?»» )™. '?
aJtOOC A O ) r> < IM H s <>»i übX«
vf^-c & a i «% «»« *«tt «*
'soCi itpM Uiu si 78 \a%
\C & E I Pf<5.... W
"ie-^'c &o w i 2i»4 21 «• 21%
eales.l STOCKS. jH!gh;L«w.( Bld.j AeJc.
iAdauis Espr«fS.j j J235 ,245
IjUIIi Chalmers.. 17!4j-l«%j 17 17%
i Do pid I «0 I 58^j :«}i 60
Sl.TCo'Anialg Copper \u008463 | M^l MVj »4%
jAm B«t Sugar..] ! 23 35
...... A Do !>td !» SO \ $4
lAjn Car. Co ...-1- IX% 11%
! Do p!d ... 6»Hi 70
LVMOIAxn Car &Fy Co 37»4 37 !37 37%
Jrffl Do pfd ! 95% Oa^, 03141100
..1 !Arr. Cotton 0i1...].... 29^1 30
i PopM «3 ! 98
'aid Dl«t TH....! 2J> ! ai
jAm Bxprtn .:.-! ,230*4i240
Am <>r Twjne Coj ( 5% I 6
ijlm Hide i L.. I 7 7\i
g.fK)| Do pid i W)i] 29 I 3f> i 3^
iAm LinFffd 1 ! IS ; I'O
L.icoir,otive.j 4SH * s i \u25a0«^?4
.".'...< oj r>M Ini jinvb
i AD Malt I i «Vi 5
I.»o p:d ! ' 23 124
\u25a0"l 9 600 Am Sm &UrCo;lsnt>ii~-»v,!12!»%!12J**4
l'sno : DO PM :i22'i!l2C J122 .1224
' j Do r?J i \ !«\u2666 » 2
Am Steel rdries! i 9 : 4 10
i Do pfd ! I -W s i W
\u0084!.Mn Tel & T Co.] j IS* 140
"i'lOOWm Tob I>f4 !93 t flT^ t> ss *:j «^'/i
'K.o'Ar.-. VooUn 1 .'.7 |37 BCU 37
•Vjl Do vtd WOrn lflSSi 102',i U0214
S coo'Anatcon-l* SIS [lMftflMtt IJT
...:...j>-^ Arbor 1 35 40
Do j>fd I "8 I So
ftnnAUar. Coast Llne'lfiO |167-i ICSViUCfI
I7SOOJA T * B F.....1 CT^! 85141 XXi 80%
There is nothing new to report under this
head. • Hides and Wool being very firm and
Hops quiet and more or less easy, though the
New York market Is quoted firm.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about V>®le under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 12c; medium. ll%c; light, lie: Cow
Hides, lie for heavy and lie for light;
Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip. llo; Salted Veal. 12c;
Salted dlf. 12%®13c; dry Hides. 19% c; dry
Kip 17c; dry Calf. 22c: Sheepskin*, shearlings,
S'VSfiOc each; short Wool. 50©we each; medium,
90c<e$l 25; long Wool. $1 25©2; Horse Hides.
salt $3 25 for large and $2 75 *or medium.
$2 o> 5 for small and 50c for Colts: Uora*
Hides dry. SI 75@2 for large .and $1 SO for
medium $1 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c: dry salted Mexican.
25c- dry Centra! American. 30c. Goat Sklns^ —
Prime Angoras. 75c; extra . large do, $1 23:
lartre 50c: medium. 50c: small. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4gl'ic per lb;
No 2 3®3%c: Grease, 2®2%c
-* woOLi — Spring clip — Humboldt and Mendo
elno, 2S#3oc. Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs,
free 17@19c: do. defective. 15618 c per lb. \u25a0
HOPS— I9O4 crop. 15@lSc per lb; 1905 crop,
14@15c. " -\u25a0 ' -
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
FLOUR— California Family- Extras, $4 So@
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7C@5;
-Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4'a± SO
per bbl. . \u25a0 \u25a0 . * , .
FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices in packages (
are as follows : ;. Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. $3 75; Rye Meal, $3 50; Rice
Flour, $S;' Corn Meal, $2 75; extra Cream do,
$;; 75; Oat Meal, $4 25g4 50; Oat Groats, $150;
Hominy. $3 75@4;- Buckwheat Flour. $4 50®
4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina. $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; -Rolled Oats, bbls,
$1! 50@7 50j.in sacks, $(3@7; Pearl Barley, $«;
Split I'eas, boxes. $5 50; Green Peas, $5 si> per
luO lbt». • - "::\u25a0 .>\u25a0>.;
Flour nnd Farinaceous Goods.
CHICAGO Aug. 11. — CATTLE — Receipts
"500 Strong Good to prime steers. $5 25®'
5 an': poor to medium. $3 80©5; stocJwrß and
feeder*.. $2 2504 25: cows, $;»£*#>; he.
ers $2 50@4 75; canners. $1 25@J 40; bulls,
$2 40@3 SOT Texas fed steer* ; $3r)o@4 50;
calves $3@rt 75: Western steers. $3 oO«4 75.
HOGS-Receipts 12.000; to-morrow ,9000.
Market 5c higher; mixed and butchers, $5 75®
6 25- gooa to choice heavy, $6 10^620; rough
heavyT $5 70«J5 o 05; light. $5 95<Stt SO; bulk of
Ba SHEEP— Recolpts 6000. Strong. Good to
choice Western.- $4 60@5; fair to choice mixeil,
$4@4 50: -Western sheep. #4*8:5; native lambs,
$5 25@7 25; Western lambF..?s .5@7. .
Kanaaa . City.
KANSAS' CITY, Aug. U.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts 30C0. Steady. . Native steers. $3 75®
6 50-' native cows and heifers, $1 iu«J5;
stockers and feeders. $2 75^4 25; bulls. $2 15®
3 50- calves. $3@5 50; Western steers, $3 50®
4 90; Western cowp. $233 75. • .. . - .
HOGS— Receipts 8500. • Market -5c higher.
Bulk of sales $5 65®0 05: heavy. $5 00(30 05:
packers, ?5 05®6_C5;. pigs and- lights. $5 90®
PHEEP— Receipts 2000. - Strong to : 10c
higher.; Muttons, is 4 25(&5 25: lamb«v $5 25@
6 75:. ranct- wethers. ?4 25(g5 25; fed ewes.
*"'"'" Omnha.
OMAHA, Aug. . 11.— CATTLE— Receipts
2100. Steady. Native-, steers^ $2 75^5-75:
cows and heifers. •$3 75^4 2.y, Western ateers.
$3®i 50- Texas steers, s>2 (Js@3 \u25a0 1 5 ; cows and
heifers $203 50; cannere, $1 50®^ 50: stock
ed and feeders, ?2 25@4. 25; calves, $3®5 50;
bulls and stags, $2 25©vi 75. \u25a0•\u25a0 . .•-\u25a0• ;/".'.
HOGS— Receipts ' 5720. Market 5c higher.
Heavy $5 Cs<Sti: mixed. $5 85@5 90; ..light,
«5 So|6; pl&s. $4 7505.75; bulk of sales. $5 85
® SHEEP— Receipts : 100. Steady.
yearlings, $5(55 25: .wethers, -$4 50@8;. ewei,
$1 2504 75; lambß. $6 4(Xg6 85.;
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Chicato.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK' 3I AttKBT.
CHICAGO Auk. 11— On the Produce Ex
chanee to-day the . butter market was easy;
creameries 17020 c; dairies. 16®lSc. Eggs,
easy at mark, cases included, 15% c; firsts". 17c;
pilme firsts. lS%c; extras. 21c. Che«e. firm.
UfSll«4c. .- r/t-v
Butter, Cbcc.ic nnd Kpk*.
CHICAGO. Aug. , 11. — Flour, easy; No. 3
spring wheat. SoSOSc; No. 2 red 81%®82c:
No. 2 corn. 55%fi55»ic; No. 2 yellow, 5«% c;
No. 2 oats. 26% c: No. 2 white. 27Vi'ff28c; No.
3 white S2<H4@2T%e;£No. 2 rje. f>Se; goid
feeding barley, r.dfi'llc: fair to choice malting,
4Cfi43c; No. 1 flax seed. $1 00: No. 1 North
western ?1 10: prime timothy seed, 53 35; mess
pork per bbl 514 25^14 30; lard, per 100 lbs,
$7 75- \u25a0\u25a0 short-rib sides (loose). $* SO'SS GO; short
clear' sides (boxed), ?562%(p857%; whisky,
basis of hiprh wines. $1 28; clover, eckitract
grade. $12 50!?12 75. /
Articlfs— Receipts. Shipments/
Flour barrels •• 30.100. / 40.8C0
Wneati bushels ........... 823.100 (^OCO
Corn bushela" I!>.{,(>oo
Sats! bushels Mf1.400 221.(j00
Rye. bushels ••••• «.««> l.W*
Barley, bushels '- U.-'OO
Cash Grain and Provision*.
Dried. Fruit* Nuts, Ralalna and Honey.
Everything in the fruit line continues very
strong, with a rising tendency, but there was
no further advance yesterday. *
FRUITS — Apricots. 6%<SS%c for new crop
Royals. and 7%©11 c for Moorparks; Peaches,
7c for standards. 7Vi®7%c for choice. ,8c
for extra choice and B%c for fancy;
Pears, old. 7@llc- Pluma, nominal; new Evap
orated Apples, 7eSc; sun-dried, per lb;
new Figs, boxes. 50c for choice. 55c for extra
choice and 60c for fancy; bulk white. 2%®4c
per lb.
PRUNES— OId crop. 2*;®3c per lb for the
four sizes and 3@3V4c basis for the large sizes.
New crop Prunes, 3®3?;c. four size basis.
RAISINS — 1004 crop f. o. b. Fresno — Dehesa
clusters. $1 33G1 40; London Layers, Sss!tsc;
Loose Muscatels. 4-«rown, 5%c: 3-crown, 4%c;
2-cruwn. 3%c; Thompson's Seedless, 4>jc;
Seeded. 4}4®6ttc per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, No 1 goftshell. 12:313 c;
No- 2. lOigllc: No. 1 hardshell. 12c: No. 2.
10c: Almonds. 16@17e for Nonpareils. 15©16 c
for I X L and Ne Plus Ultra and ll®l2c for
Languedoc; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern; Pe
cans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. 10311 c for white and 7®9c
for amber; water white extracted. s<Ss%c;
light amber extracted. 435 c: dark. 3@3%c:
Hawaiian. 2@2>>;c for extracted. '
BEESWAX— 27S29c per lb. . .
Provisions.
Lard is Vie higher and a further -advance
in Hams, Bacon and Lard win probably go
Into' effect on Monday.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 13% c for light.
14c for extra light and 16@17%e for sugar
cured: dry Salt Sides, ,10c; Bellies. ll%c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c: Califor
nia Hams. 12%@13c; Mess Beef. $9 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $10; Family. $11; prime Mess
Pork. $14; extra clear. $19 50; Mess. $17 50;
Pig Pork. $22: Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef.
14c per ' lb.
• LARD — Tierces quoted at 6c • per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9%c for pure; half barrels, pure. 10c;
•10-Ib tins. 10% c; 6-lb tins. 10»^c; 3-lb tins.
109ic. \u25a0 '
COTTOLENE^ — One half barrel. BUc; three
half barrels, B%c: on* tierce. 8c; two tierces,
7%c; five tlercea. 7%c per lb. -
Open. High. Low. \u25a0 Close.
December ...51 00V» $1 00% $1 00% $1 oyft
OATS — Receipts were large, being 6376 ctls.
The inurket was steady anu unchanged, with
a light demand.
Red. $1 30©l 40 for choice. $1 22%<®1 27%
for fair to good and $1 12%@1 20 for common;
Black for seed. $1 40. . .
CORN — Six hundred cits came In from the
West. ' the nrst for a long time. Otherwise
there was nothing new.
Western sacked. $1 4U@l 42% for Yellow and
White and $1 40 for Mixed; California laige
Yellow, $1 40@l 45; small round do, $1 55«)
1 60: White, «1 37%@1 42%; ' Egyptian. $1 40
tjl 50 for White and $1 3o&l 40 for Brown. ,
RYE— $l 47%@1 52% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI «<B2 25 per Ctl.
2 p. m. Sessiont
. Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...s?l 00% $1 uO% $1 00% $1 00%
FUTURES.
Session 9 ' to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. \u25a0 High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 38 $1 38 $1 37% $1 37ft
BARLEY— The market was quiet all day
and neither the cash grain nor futures "showed
any change worthy, of note. \u25a0
,OASH BARLEY.
Feed. 95JjiBS*?ic for common and $I@l 05 for
good to>«noice; new Brewing. "$1 07%® 1 lo;
ChevaMe?. $1 2O@l-.30 ptr ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
• Open. High.' Low. Close.
December ...$l 35% $133% $137% $1 SS
2 p. m. Session.
California Club, „ $1 45® 1 55: California
White Australian, $1 Co@l «f>; Northern
Club SI 50®l 55; Northern Bluestem, $1 62%
«il (i"(ij spot and $1 52Vj(gl 57% future de
livery; Northern Red. $1 50@l 51 U per ctl.
lower grades of Wheat. $1 30@l 40 per ct!.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT— Chicago advanced %c. In this
market futures opened lower, but subsequently
recovered, with active trading, in the fore
noon, but finally closed the day lower. The
cash grain showed no new feature.
IVheat and- Other Grama.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W ss. — — IOkT Con 33.109 —
As»o Oil ss. 03% ftft O W gtd ss. — 90
Bay CPC ss. 107^ — (Oceanic S ss. 63 ftS
Cal C G 55.105% — Om Cable «5.121 121%
Cal G & E x Pae G Im 4a. 94% 97-,
m& ct ss. 05^i 06 P ERy 8s..ll2»»112V.
Cal-st C 59.im»113*i|Pac LAP ss. 101 — ..
C C Wat 55.100%102 !P ft C H 65.102% —
EdL & P 68.124% — P& O R «s.ll>> —
F& C H «s.H6 — Pcwell-9t 6». — —
Geary-st 55.. 50 60 Sac EC.&R3s.WSU —
H C&S 5%v107% — SF & SJVss.l2o*i —
Do 5s — — SF,Ok& SJ3s.llOT^ —
Hon R T 65.1C5% — Sierra R 6s. 112*4114
,L A Elec ss. — — IS Pof A 6s' I
LAG &E1 ss. — 104 1 (190fl> 107% ~
LA Ry Ss..USTi — <1910) 103 —
LAL gtd.65.103 — «S Pat C «a
LAP lem 55.112% — (1909)5r B. — "=-
LAP C 55..109H — <t!>C6> 104 — .
Mkt-st C ea.113% — U9l2> — 11»H '
Do Icm '.I*.m%U6 ISPC I Cg 55.117 — v
MV& MtTss.lOs — |3PBK 65.13» ,—
NR Of C 6».M.U; — ' ;s V Wat 95. 104% —
Do 5s 120% — I Do 4s 2din.lOO —
NP C R Ss-lteKlOa*;! Da.4a 2din.lCon —
NC Ry 55.. — 111% Do s mtgls 97% —
N C PCd. 95%100 iStkn G*E«s. 9« —
O GL&H ss-1093i — |v O * B 55.104>4 —
Oak T Co 65.119% — [UR of SF 4s. 91% —
Do 5« — 112%'val Co P 8a.108% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 41 41%| S V Wat Co. 37\ —
Marln Co 55 (Port Costa... — 6»
GAS AND ELECTRIC. . r > :
Cent L * P. 4 l i 5 fPac LCo 83% —
Martel Powr 1% 1% S F G * E. 70% 71M4
Mutual EL. 13% 1* Istkn G £ E. 5 -.. .
Firem's 1^:4.325 — I
BAN-K STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 LP ft A.... — - 180
Anglo-Cal ..89 — Mer Tru5t.... 210 240
Bank of Cal. — — . Merch Ex.... 55 —
Cal Safe Dp. 158 160 S F National — 160
Frst NatlonL3lo 320
SAVINGS BANKS. '\u25a0
Get Sft L.2320 — |Bay ft L|o.. - ICO
Hum Say Bk — — Sec Say 8k..390 —
Mutual 5av.102%108 Union T C 0.2700 5300
S F Say U. 630 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..210 — ' I Presidio — 41
Geary — 40. | •
POWDESt. "\u25a0-*-
Giant Con .: HV4 Tl%!
f SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. S3%i — Makaweil C. — 38%
Honokaa S C 16-S — Onomea SC. 36% 31 %
Hutch SP C 14H 15 Paauhau S C 22% 22%
Kilauea S C. i 3%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 85% 86UI Oceanic S Co .494 —
CaIFCA. - — Pac Aux FA. 4 S
Cal Wln« A. 83 83% Pac C 80ne. 133 134 •
MV& MtTtn. — — [Pac 3 Tel Co — 10t%
SALES.
Mornlog Session.
Board —
25 California Wine Association.. 83 00
25 3 T Gas * Electric. 70 00
SOS F Gas & Electric b H 7u 0Q
50 Hu tchlnaon S P Co. b S 14 W
10 Alaska Packers' Association.. 86 50
20 Pacific Stat« Tel ft Tel Co. 101 75
10 Ca! Fruit Canners 1 Assn....lOt> 00
20 Hawaiian Coml £. Sugar S3 in
75 Onomea Sugar Co "... 3« 75 :
25 Onomea Sugar Co .....36 ht%
5Q Gfant Powder Cen. cash 71 50
60 Honokaa 3 Co .....16 50
$1,000 8 V Wat Co gen mtg» 4s. b3. 97 62%
$Si,OCO Northern Ry of Cal 5s 120 50,
$2,000 United R R of S F 4s 91 50 f
$5,000 United R R of S F 4s 91 62%
$2.GCO Hawaiian Comt & Susar ss. .107.50 .
$3,000 S F, Oak ft S Jose Ry 55.. 1 11 CO
$9,000 L A-Pac R B Ist eons 55.^.112 50
$110,000 L A-Pac R R of Cat 85....109 25
Afternoon Sesstoa.
/ C 5 Alaska Packers' Association.. 8« CO
60 Gtant Powder. Con .......... 71 50
5 Giant Powder Con; 7137%
50 Hawaiian Coml 4 Sugar 85 N>
30 Honokaa S Co , 18 SO
00 Mutual plectric Light, b 10.. 13 50
13 Mutual Electric Light 13 50
25 Oceania S S Co 4 62%
150 S F Gas & Electric, s 90 70 Oft
110 S F Gas Sc E1ectric. ......... 70 12%
. 93 S F Gas & Electric, s 90...,. 70 12%.
40 S F Gas A Electrte...... 70 25 . ; 
210 Spring Vallay Wat«r Co : SS t)t>
$«CCO.S P of Arizona (1909).. ;..... 107 23 :
$S 000 Spring Val Wat 4« (3d mtge). 100 37%
$iOCO United R R ol S P 45........ 9t 82%
$30;(K;i> L A-Pac R R of Cal 35.. ....109 23
Stre«t—
150 S F Gas ft Electric, s 00. ... 70 00-
IQO S F Gas & Electric...;..;... 70 00
Unlisted i Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BOJXDS.- "
Bid. Ask.! j ' Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC gs.lQg IP7%|SF Drydlc ss.ua — . .
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. A»k.
4s <jr c0up.. 104 104«- 4s qr cp n«w.132 t"-fi
4s qr'reg...lO4 104%i3» ar coup. ..103!410:i%
FRIDAY. August 11—2 p. m.
STOCK AND IlO>'D EXCIIAXGE.
New York on Paris ...5.16%
New York on Mexioo-.. 202
Paris on London 25.17
Berlin on London 20.47%
INTERNATIONAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — ®4. 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — @4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables ...... — @4 8S
New York Exchange, sight — @ 0J
New York Exchange, telegraphic: — @ C 5
Silver, per ounce 50%@ —
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 ® 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL.
LOCAL MARKETS.
•New York $1,383,657,134 47.7 ..A
•Chicago ISo. 623. 140 12.7 ....
•Boston 129.159.089 15.9 ....
•Philadelphia 110.480.442 33.4
•St. Louis 48.251,608 1.3 ....
Pittsburg 48.027,006. 24. S
•San Francisco .. 32.455,390 18.5 ; ...-.
Cincinnati 21, 503.900 15.1
•Baltimore ....... 21.420,131 16.9
•Kansas City 23,651,901 4.5 ....
\u2666New Orleans. 14.275.715 32.9
•Minneapolis .... 13,405,484 4.0 ....
•Cleveland 12,508,019 5.9 ....
•Louisville 11.090.ti05 19.2 ....
Detroit 12,253,754 1.7
•Milwaukee 8,023,854 2.S
Omaha fc,379,3»52 37.5 ....
•Providence 5,905,800« 5.0
•Los Angeles .... 9,527.410* 54.1 ....
•Buffalo 7.253,157 18.4
Indianapolis 0,091.852 11.0
•St. Paul \u0084. 6,029.084 9.9
Memphis 3,677,893 .7
•St. Joseph 4.148,562 .S
Richmond 4,318.243 18.0
Dt-nver 6,317.131 62.2
Columbus ...:.... 4.31)9,200 2.0 ....
Seattle 5.235.850 31.9 ....
Washington 4.519,373 27.4"
•Savannah 3,471,287 34.3 ....
Albany 3.945,255 1i3.2 ....
•Portland. Or. .. 4,011.701 15.8 ....
Fort Worth „ 4.300,315 46.5
•Toicdo. Ohio 3,811,084 .1 ....
Atlanta 2.71^,266 3.5 ....
Salt Lake City .. 4.3r>0.537 51.5
Rochester 2.653.603 61.8
Pecria ..". 2,523,331 5.3
Hartford 3.KJ4.3&3
Nashville ' 2.989.006 '1.3
Spokane 2.702,495 25>.3 ....
l>s Monies 2.450.101 11.8 ....
Tacoma 2,843,400 55.1
New Haven 2,105.521 1.4 ....
Grand Rapids "2,148,031 12.7 ....
Norfolk * 1,554,791 20.2
Dayton 1.435.07S ....
Portland. Me 1,640.061 9.3 ....
Springfield, Mass. 1,487.738' 14.0
Augusta. Ga 1,348,287 45.9 ....
Evansville . .' 1,137,2*0 17.4
Sioux City 1.421,223 \u25a0 35.9
•Birmingham .... I,SSU.UtS 70.4 ....
Syracuse 1,326,091 23.5 ....
Worcester l,27«i,eS!> 11.2 "
Knc-xville * « 1,207,727 2.5
Charleston, S. C. 802,ti26 .8
Wilmington, Del. i>eti,l97 6.3
Wichita :• 969.597 5.0
Wilkesbarro 807.012 19.0
Davenport 816.048 12.7
Little Rock ..... 847,42(5 8.5
Topeka U3S.7tiO ] 33.1
Chattanooga ..... 940,199 17.5
Jacksonville. Fla. 1.080.447 27.3, ....
Kalamazoo. Mich " 793.432 11.9' ...:
Sprinßflsld, 111... 779,099 \u25a0 10.3 ....
Fall River (160,547 27.5 k ....
Wheeling, W. Va. 700,660 3.5 ....
Macon .- 384.582 32.8 ....
Helena 595.663 38.1 ....
Lexington 511. G7l • 7.5
Akron 420.000 , 28.6
Canton. Ohio 408,000 ' 16.5
Farco. N, D. ... 575.123 15.6
Youngrstown ..... 470,240 22.5" ....
New Bedford .... 741,089 139.0 ....
Rockford. 111. \u25a0•.. \u25a0 601.753 11.5 ....
Lowell 446,109 .... 1.7
Chester, Pa- .... 511,954 48.9 ....
BlnKhamton 418.200 2.0 ....
liloomginton. 111.. 334,400 , 7.4
Pprlncfield, Ohio. 209,114 22.9
Greensbunr, Pa... 428,056 20.7 ""\u25a0....
Quincy 111. .'... . 305.fi5.1- 5.3 : ....
Decatur. 11l 345.260 8.4 ....
Sioux Falls. S. D. 283,875 -20.5 ....
Jacksonville. 111.. 204,748 / 0.5 ....
MansfieTd. Ohio.. 291,822 50.0
Fremont. Neb.... 222,874 ; 1.7 .....
Cedar Rapids ... .. 452,500 5.3 ' ....
..* 11,570,145 55.3 ....
tGalveston 8.821,000 28.5 ....
Total. U. S. ..?2.232.f>40.856 ,33.6 ....
Outside New York 840.283.422 15.5 ....
CANADA.
Montreal 23,477.113 11.8 ....
Toronto 16.745.309 0.9 ....
Winnipeg .... 14.0
Ottawa ' 1,904,073 18.5
Halifax 1.772.71S .... 6.0
Vancouver, B. C. 1.604,020 21.8 ....
Quebec 1,730.211 .... .1
Hamilton 1.019.407 7.2 ..;.
St. John, N. B. .. . 1.189,155 -4.4 ....
London. Ont. ... „ 949.97S - 2.5
Victoria, B. C. .. 608,132 , 6.8 ....
Total, Canada.. $57,383,833 8.8 ....
tNot included In totals because containing
other items 1 than clearing*. paid Ir.'
cash.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
August 10. with the percentage of increase and
decrease as comr.ared with the corresponding
week last year:
Pet. Pet.
Hank Clearings.
E F. Hutton & Co.. 430 Californl* street,
Ean' Francisco, members ot the New York
Piock Exctiang-s. furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
Xew York Stock Market.
ctoim to be moved the early movement was
irregular and iialting. The corn grangers
f^tmtd notably reluctant to move, in spite of
the stress lam upon :he promise of a bumper
orn crop. Ttie character of the advices
which went out on Wall street last night in
tt.<- shape of letters and telegrams from com
1 lesion houses based en the returns of the
«iai:i crop were circulated to excite specula
te activity and theee had their effect in the
trading. Before th» day was ovet the irreg
ular character of the market was repaired to
a large extent and a j airly comparative ad
vance had been achieved by the process of ro
tation irom one point in the market to an
other. High priced investment stocks wer«
ist: 11 a feature and the sensational movements
In this c!a*s exceeded in number and extent
aryihinj? witnessed in the stock market with
in the mercury cf men. Xot much attention
»i- paid to the constant rumors of transfer
cni combination of control which were set
ail at as nominal explanation ior many of
thf-r-e movements. The stocks affected were
varied and so totally disconnected on any pos-
Vlbto grounds of comparison that the rumors
concerned th»-m so far as they sought to asso
ciate them in any way were given little cre
dence. These feverish movements were .still
ruspected to be of manipulative origin. But
the- day of operating in such mercantile secur
ities on any marginal transaction and the
*norrnou» resources required for their actual
taking up in such volume as the transactions
©I v-fttrday and to-day represent added to
trY luysiejjr of the movement. Its demonstra
t:L \u25a0 the tenacious hold of owners on these
tjfix.r'' •> even at the phenomenal price leveib
maintained wan tak'-n as evidence of strong
confidence In future values. Foreign markets
were watched with attention for any Indica
tion" c,f the r-robable outcome of .the peace
conference at Portsmouth. Thp stock markets
abroad manifested no uneasiness, but the
eharp advanr» In sterling exchange at Paris
wa« indicative of a purpose to accumulate fur
ther rewrves there. Discount rates hardened
in London in response and the foreign ex
change rate advanced here als<v The local
rwmey market was totally unafferted. This.
In ppite of tl;» very considerable demand for
fur.ds involved in the more active Fpeculation
ir. the stock market. <= fl >^ciaJly in the trars
aft lons on the very high priced stocks. The
* in : mates . for the currency movement for tbe
were also flenifican* as showirg: for the
f.rrt time of the season that the banks have
lost cash to the interior on the balance of the
trov.j^ifrtt. The amount wns to be small an"
even added to Uie week's absorption by Sub
treasury op«t«tion« th» effect on the bank re-
Ffrves to be shown in to-nv.>rrow> weekly
FTatement is not expected to be large. It is a
rr^m^nitlon of the rtepinr<injT of the eeaecnal
demand ir. the lnt?rl<--r that th» Incident has
importance The usual profit taking on the
daYs advance unsettled the late market, but
iY.»re were ral'ieo which rarried last prices for
pome stocks to the hich'yt of the day, but left
the closing tow irregular.
Bod£s were rteady. T<"tal sales, par value.
$2 HIT, 000.
T'nited States lrf)nds were all unchanged on
call
NEW YORK. Aug. lI.— A material broad
*r:ng out in speculation was a gradual process
In tc-«lay's ttock market, the early trading
shoving only irregular strength ar.d conslder
tble hfritatlon. The growth in speculative
cor.sdence had as its underlying baeis the Gov.
.r;:mtni rept'rt of the conditions of the grain
1 r •\u25a0;\u25a0<. but among the railroad Btocka Imme
diately mflufnetd by the promise of great
New York StocU Market.
Northern liusincwn. 3
PORTLAND. Aug. 11.— Clearings, $673,148;
balances. $77,479. > .'
SEATTLE, Aug. 11.— Clearings, $954,132;
balances. $179,318.
SPOKANE. Aug. 11.— Clearings, $425,777;
balances, $00,973.
TACOMA, Aug. 11.— Clearings. $500,705;
balances, $19,631.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA.; Aug. 11.— WHEAT— Bluestem.
75c; Club. 72c; red. C7c. .
port: Club, 72@73c; Bluestem. 77@78c. For
milling — Valley. -7Sc.
NEW YORK., Aug. 11. — Close: Mor.»y on
ch:l steady; highest 2, lowest 1%. ruling rate
and la«t loan and closing bid and offered 1%
per c*r,t. T-.tne 'oar.s easy and dull; sixty
<icys. 2%93 per cent; ninety days. Z@S^; six
«^r-:hs. s\'j4 per cent.
'~9 1 lir;e inercaxtilj paper. 4.^4% par cent.
T furling *>xchar.g? firm, with actual busi.-es«
Ir tankers' bills at $4.806334-8670 for demand
6"i at $4 .8450 for sixty day bills.
n?TPd rat»s. f4 85% and $4 87%.
rvmmeiclal bills, $4 84%.
Bar silver. W?ic.
Mexican dniian 1 , 45% c.
1 ; nuiiiuent and railroad bonds etes-dy.
»rv York Money Marlc;t.
EASTERX MARKET 3.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11. — Notwithstanding lower
prices at Liverpool, the wheat market here
opened firm, with the September option up
U@%c'at 82V4c to 82*41\ Shorts were active
buyers at the start. Smallnesa of shipments
from Argentina inspired demand. After the
first hour the market, however, eased oft.
Commission houses made quite liberal offer
ings. . News from the Northwest w.as bearish,
the crop being generally reported as in excel
lent condition. For September the lowest point
of the day 'was reached at 81% c. During a
considerable period 'the market was inclined
to drag. Later, however, prices made a quick
recovery on active • buying by shorts. The
cause of the revived demand was alleged con
firmation of "serious damage to the wheat crop
of Russia. According to a New York exporter,
the crop tn forty-two out \of fifty-four prpv-
Inces in Central and Eastern Russia is a com
plete failure. Under the stimulus of this re
port the September option advanced to 83 He.
The market reacted a trifie on profit taking,
but the close was strong, with September at
S2"sic. -
Heat and drought formed the basis of , a
strong corn market. The market closed prac
tically at the highest point of the day. Sep
tember clostd %c up at 54^c. • \u25a0 -.'
Liberal acceptances and .. heavy receipts
caused considerable selling of oats by cash
houses early In the session. . Later the market
became quite firm. September closed un
changed at 26%(f»209ic.
Provisions were strong after a silent de
presßlon early inMhe'session. The market was
rather easy early, -bat^received support from
packers later. S;r;tember pork closed 15c up,
lard was 10c higher and ribs were 20c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
' Wheat No. 2— \u25a0
September 82% 83^ 81 »8» 8 81
December 53% 54% ' S3Vs 83
May .-.. BC% 87 85% 86
Corn No. 2—2 —
Sfcpt.. old '54^ 54T4 ?M 54
S*pt., new M • 5iH 53»i 54>,£
Dec. old 4Sl* -JS^ 47% 48%
Fif-c. new 46ti, 4rt>6 44% 4ff%
May.... 45% 40Vi \u0084 . 45V4 \u25a0 45%
Oats No. 2—
September 26? i 26%; 27% 27%
December ...... 27K 2 27% 27U 27%
May 29Vi .29$ 29% 29%
Mess Pork, per bbl — \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0-..> •\u25a0 • . .
September % 13 95 14 32^4 13 95 14 27^
October HOO 14 37V S 14 00 14 32%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 7 76 7 R5 7 65 7 80 •
October 7SO 7 92^ 7 75 790
Short Ribs per 100 lbs—
September SlO 8 62& 835 S 57%
October .......6 47% S7O 8 42% 8 05"
Future Grain and Provisions.
The California Fruit Caan^rs 1 Association
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 60c per
chare August 21.
California Powder TVorka Cnew corporation)
will pay a regular monthly dividend of iOo
per share August 21.
- A Philadelphia report states that a largo
local Interest ia the United Railways Invest
ment Company of San Francisco says that it Id
probable that the dividend on the preferred
stock will be Increased from 414 per cent to
the full rate. 5 per cent, in the till and that,
while the matter has not be«n discussed, mom
payment on the accumulated 0 per cent back
dividends may be made.
There was more business on th« Stock end
Bond Exchange yesterday than for a lons
time, both ahares and bonds being actively
dealt In. Sales of bonds were $197,000. in
cluding $149.000 Los Angeles Pacific 5a at firm
prices. In shares tbera was continued activity
in gas stocks, wtta Gas and Electrte higher
at $70 25 and Mutual Electric at $13 50. Other
advances were noted In Spring Valley Water
and Honokaa sucar. while Alaska Packers
was oft a dollar at $80 in- the afternoon and
Honolulu pool also lower at $36 73 bid. Al
together it was a Hv»!y day on tha exchange.
Presidio Railroad was «x-dlvio>n4 of 2"c under
the rule. - .
There was nothing new In -mining stocks,
both : Comstock3 and Tonopahs being wall
dealt tn. . .
The Welsbach Light Company has declared
a regular annual dividend of 2 per cent, pay
able September 1. - :
It is • now reported that there will be no
Increase la the September dividend of the Ha
waiian Commercial and Sugar Company, as
has been rumored on' the street, und th» raj«
will continue at 65c p«r share until further
notice. " .
A Lively* Day In Bonds and Stocks ml
the Bond Exchange.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
STOCK MARKET.
Trade In fresh fruits waa of comparatively
small volume on regular local account, as the
return of the cool, cloudy weather, deurred
buyers, thus - adding to the dullness which
usually prevails in the market on Friday. The
cannera were still in the market for tcp
quallty lots of Peaches and Pears In bulk, but
they were unable to secure any gr«at quan
tity, as most handlers were firm in their views
and were holding out for higher price*. Packed
lots of Plums and Prunes suitable for shipping
were held at firmer rates, while offering* In
open boxes from Sonoma and other districts
wera pressed for gale at irregular prices. Figs
continued to arrive freely and prices had an
other declln-s. Melons were easy, with the'
weather against trade, and there was plenty
of carried-over Nutmeg Melons an'l Canta
loupes at the Inside quotations. Grapes weie
in increased supply and weaker for everything
except the Muscat variety. Seedless from
southern districts brought 85i390c per box.
while Yuba City lots were selling at 65®75c,
offerings from th« latter place being mostly
small and sour. . Ordinary Apples were still
in burdensome supply and weak at low and
irregular rates, while strictly fancy Graven
steins in 4-tler packages did better under
decreased receipts. Berries and Citrus goud.i
were In good supply and quiet at about, pre
vious prices.
STRAWBERRIES — Per chest. Longworths.
$4®7; Urge varieties. $3£5.
RASPBERRIES— Per chest. JS-S9.
BLACKBERRIES— *1 50fc3 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6®7c per lb.
APPLES— rIK)<SSI 25 per box for fancy and
40'&«5c for common to choice; Crab Apples.
50r<"Hic for small and $1 50 for large boxes.
PEACHES — Smalt boxes, 85<550c; carriers,
I'i'ti-Xic; upen boxes, 40^t>5c for small anil Tsc'<f
$1 for. large; in bulk. $25^32 50 per ton far
Freestone and $45 for Clingstones.
PEARS — Bartlett. 75c*?$l 5O per box; in
bulk. $45 per ton for -No. I and $lU<&25 for
lower grades.- . . -./.....
PLUMS AND PRUNES— Packed. 65e(?*t per
box or crate; open boxes. 25@40c for small and
50cS$l for large. '
N ECTARINES-i-Nomlnal.
FIGS — Black. 75c@$l for double layer anl
4C350c for' single "layer drawers; White. so©
75c per box.
QUINCES— 60@75c per box.
• MELONS — Cantaloupes. 75ci&$l 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 25@30c per box; Watermelons,
$I©2 50 r>er dozen.
GRAPES — Seedless, 65@90c per box; Muscat.
$\<Pl 25 per crata: Black. $1 per crate; Sweet
water In open boxes, $I©l 25.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. Valencias. $2® l
per box; Lemons. J2@4 50: ' Grape Fruit. $2J?
2 75; Mexican Limes, nominal; Bananas, $2 25
@3 per bunch {or Central American and $l'u/
1 75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $1 6U@2 50 per
dozen. , \u25a0
Declduou* and Citrus Fruits.
OREGOJJ.
Wool, bales 35!
, WESTERN.
Corn, ctls 600!
Flour, qr eks... 16. 622! Middlings, ska ... 7CO
Wheat, ctU 8. 199 r Shorts, sks 260
Barley. cU« .... 7.31S, Screenings. sk»... 140
Oata, cth» 5,557|Hay. tons ...... WO
Rye ctla -603' Straw, tons ..... 10
Corn, ctls ...... IO1W00I; baje« ..... 21S
Sugar. ctl» ..... 500 Hides, No 414
Beans, sks 122 Pelts, bdls 330
Potatoes, ska ... o.l7B! Leather, rolls ... 103
Onion*, sks 151 Chicory, bbls... 20
Bran. *k» 7Sl|Wlne. ga!» 80,050
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. AUGUST 11.
Iron was unchanged abroad, with Glasgow
closing at 49s 4d and Middlesboro 67s »£d. • Lo
cally there was no change, the demand being
moderate. No. I foundry Northern.- 51« 2«/tf
17; No. 2 roundry Northern, $15 75@1« 50; No.
1 foundry Southern. $15 75@16 25-.and -No. 2
I foundry Southern. $13 75@ 10 25; and No. 2
Copper wa3 higher abroad, closing at £<SQ
Cs for spot and £69 for -futures. Locally the
market continued flrnn, with lake and electro
lytic at $15 SQSIS 75, and casting at $15 12»i@
15 37&. • ~ •
Lead was unchanged at £13 l"s 6d in Lon
don and at $4 ®ffii 70 in the local market. -
Spelter was unchanged in both markets,
closing at £24 "s 6d in London and continued
at $5 70®5 75 in New York. -
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— A further . advance
was reported in • the London tin market, with
spot closing at £140 las and futures at '£l4B
12s 6ji. Locally the demand, was \u25a0 quilt - and
prices are unchanged at $32 50<533.
>ew .York 3letal Market.
The fcilo^iiip Bhc-A-« the of Wheat
triC Barley trott San Frar.cisoo by sea in
July:
WHEAT.
To — Cer.taJK. Values.
I- Ulco 500 SSTS
Central America 401 fidO
Hawaiian IslanJs. CSS 1.112
Japan 101 17u
Tahiti 04 104
Pamoan UlanOs 3 4
Totals 1 ,7r,7 J2.SCS
July. tSM 1S.:» ) IS.SCI
barij;y.
To— Or.talF. Values.
HawaUsr. Islands 28.720 $:.X>,473
"Tahiti 225 254
Totals t 28.945 $30,729
July. 1904.... I 88.557 $ PS, 4O»
The Barley total for July, 1904. Included 45.
f.42 cen-ale for GrPHt Britain. The Wheat ex
port trad* is never fairly started until later
In the Feators. which accounts for the small
quantity sent cut last month. The. movement
during the past cereal year, however, was the
trr.aJlest in forty yare. The trade promises to
be of eir.al! ndpau durins the current season,
es tr.a crop is thort .-.cn:v. and after the homo
dpnar.d frr flour is satifflea there will not be
rr.uch Wheat left in the Stata for export.
tiprilu lixport* In July.
I Do pfd B i i S3'i 33%
1 Do debs I i bS% 89
S.OOOJC & N" W 1224 V.: 220*4 223 ;2239i
3!»,H»i C M & St P ISO |lSifejUt<%]lti3
200] On pfd 191UJ191 jIOU !l'J3
17,100 C HI & P (new)] 32% 32 | 32%; 32^
MOCII Do pfd i 77%] 77 ! 77t<»; 77-«,
1 |C R I * P 4e.. j j 52341 S3
Chicago Term j l'^i IS
Do pfd I ! 3S%| oSVi
BOOChI Un Trac 9 : S%\ 8 V»%
I Do pfd - : 3C%| 3:»
2.1C«.',c CC& St I !103 101%]10Hti|lC2
! Do pfd !110 |120
]Cleve L & W... T.i S2
Do pfd IICS 112
7,100]C01 F 4- I \u25a0' 40% 45% 4o«i 48%
i Do pfd i i 05
; 'Col Hock C & 1.. I ia»* 14
t^OjColo So ] 2SUI 2SH! 2S 25%
CCk»; Do Ist pfd ...| tilVl «1 hO Wa C3 *i
200, Do 2d pfd- ; 40HI 40 I 39 40
2.000 Cone Gas (192( 192 190 131 192
I.7<X>,Corn products ..j OVi 9 0 I 9%
I 1.000! Do pfd Ul 59% 41% i 42 Vj'
4.SOO;DeI & Hudson ..'220 214'j 214 |215
lOOiD L & W •W0 450 |450 |470
IOOID & R G 32 32 32 32%
I. lOOi Do pfd 57% BU7i &7% 8714
!Des M & Ft D 20 21
[Detroit Un Ry 02% 93Vi
Detroit So *9 10
I Do pfd 141 43
;D:amond Match il42U]l4.'{
200,Dist Securities.. 42Ti 42% i 4^ 42«
iDist Sec Bonds I SO%: 81
1 600jDul SS&A> .. 16^1 16H l(i>i! 16%
6.100 Do pfd 35 Mil 33% 34»4i •'«
25.400;Er1e 48%! 4S 4!Hi 45%
1.800 Erie Ist pfd ... S5 S4*i 84 Ts *5
2.500| D<j 2d pfd 75% 75 j 75^ 75";
1,300jE &T H 75 ~±%\ 75 76
! Do pfd ! 90 100
Ft W 4 D C i 71 174
Gen Chem- 62 60
I Do pfd 104 106
4-.loojGen Electric ... ISS IS3 IIS4V. 184%
17,3C>O t Gt Nor pfd J309 295 30J>% 3C7%
iGreen Cons Cop 25 25V*
jHav Tob Co 25 28
Do pfd ! 35 3S
Hocking Valley 92 03
SOO! Do pfd 93 92 93 i 94
6.700]111 Cent 180% 17S 179%j150
Jlnterboro 217%j2ia
ilnternat M 12% 16
...| Do pfd 3UH SOY,
600, Inter Paper ... 2Hi 21 20^4 21%
600) Do pfd 80% %p% SO
./ ;Int Power 57 70
.Internat Pump 2S 3<>
I Do r.fd 82 &
lowa Central 28% 29
700 Do pfd 6«% 6ti}i 65% 56%
IJaps Ist Bonds 101% 101%
Do 2da 99»i liri'
Do 4%s 92% 92%
Kan & Mich ,32 3.i
KCFS&Mpfd S2U KJ
|X C Southern 2«sl 27
800, Do pfd 53 SSH 6Sy i 5U
100;Keo & D M .. 16U 16U 15 | 18
Laclede Gas pfd 95 102
;Lake Erie & W 30 37
[ Do pfd 65 9s
Lehigh Valley C 9% rw«
ILong Island 5S 61
26,400^^8 & Nash... 151J.4 US%\IBO% 151
'Mackay 40» 4 40%
I Do pfd 73U, 74 )i
200|Manhattan 167% IC6H 160% Ki7%
l i'?sl Met St Rv 129 vi 127^ 12^ l <> 12 S^4
2,OoOjMet Securities... 83^ 5>3 82%| S3
B,3oo,Mexican Central. 23U 22% 22 T i 23
lOOiMinn &St L 67 67 t!5 (V 3
I Do Ist pfd US lus
1.700JM, St P & S S M 140% 139 j 13934 14(1
I.OOOJ Do pfd 160% '1C0 1C5% 1015
2.700:M0, Kan & Tex. 30% 30 29 T 4 30
5.000 Do pfd.. 6«%j Cs»i 05-4, 66
o.6oo, Missouri Pacific. 102 !10l 101% 101Ti
INash, C&St L J 150 154
4.000 National Lead... 48%) 47% 47>/. 47%
Do pfd.... 103X4 iod'
Ntl R R Mcx pfd 38% 35%
National Biscuit 57%| 58
v .Do pfd US%jIU%
iNew Jersey Cen 1216 21S
IN V Airbrake j 153% 154
49.600jNew York Cen.. lCi 152% \185% 154
1.200.N V, C&St L. 54 U I 54 54 541-4
Do Ist pfd 110 120
IOOi Do 2d pfd 83 83% 83% 84
|New York Dock 24 30
700 NY, NH& H. 211 209% 209 209 W.
13.700|N Y. Ont &W. 54% 64 54U 54%
s,3oolNorfolk & West. 8«^ 85% 86V4 hUli
! Do pfd 93 93
I.2oo: North American. 103 100 102% 103
(Northern Sees '183 lls3Vfe
12,800 Northern Pacific. 21" 210 !210T4i21X=4
I.2oo;Omaha ilt)0 196^'j197' |IU9
100 Do pfd |200 J2OO 197 203
O S L 4s j 1 1 96%! 96?4
Pacific Coast I P5 o»>
Do Ist pfd ( 101 110
I Do 2d pfd ]\u0084 06 97
lOOiPaciflc Mail ! 43% 43% 43 43%
21,700!Penn R R Co.. .'145 144 144% 144%
I.soo,People-« Gas |10ft 105 105U 105%
(P. C, C& St L.| «80 82
1,"00| Do pfd (110 JIOS 105 110
3.3oo; Pressed Steel Cari 46%| 46 40«4 46%
200, Do pfd 1 U5»4 95Vi Vo\i 05%
600, Pullman Car Co. 1249 .245 24* 240%
j iRy Steel Springs) | (35 35%
i I»<J pfd I ! |100 101
42,9nOReading 10S»4 108 ' |K.S% lOS'4
100! Do Ist pfd 94J-! 94% 9t 94' A
l.SOo! Do 24 pfd 02% 1 92% 02% W>K
l.JWOlßepublic S & I.J, 21% 1 21% 21% 21 4 4
2.500: Do pfd 87%) 86%| SC'fi 87
IRubber Goods 34->4 35
j Do pfd C 9 $K)%
ROO;Slof>s S S & I Co 81 90 89 91
! Do pfd 1 1 1107% 120
I,soo'St J & G I M7%| 17 (17% 17^
l.lOOi Do Ist pfd I f.5 64 i 55 57»i
300; St J&G I 2d pfdi 25%| 25%] 23% 25%
IS L&S F Ist Dfd] j !78 SO
1.500, Do 2d ptd I CO I CB% OSli 69
300|st L& S W.... 24V41 21 "24 24%
1.000, Do pfd ..'. i 63 I 61% C 2 62%
17.300150U Pacific 66%| 65% 60V4 66%
400| Do pfd 119 11*% 138% IIS%
10.500.50u Railway ... 35% 35,4 35V- 35%
1.000 Do pfd Wi% 99>4 09% 100
Standard Oil ...j 620 C 25
Stand Rope & T 1 1%
6,500 Term Coal & I. »0»i stf»V4 S9*,» 00
SO<> Tex Pac I* Tr Co 41 42% 4.H 44
6.400.Tcx Pacific 35% 31% 35 :!5%
iThird Aye.. 127 127%
|Tol Ry & Tr Co 34% 34%
2<V»,Tol St L & W... 3514 38 ."8 35%
300, Do pfd ..'. 57% 57»4 57 H f.7%
C.OOO Twin City R T. . llD'i 118 118% 119
3OU,Un Bag & Paperl 10% 10Vi 10 10%
2001 Do pfd !70 78 75 76
112,900 Union Pacific . .!133T4i132% 132% 133
• Do prd ..." j \u2666 08 00
! Do Cony 45...| 182 132%
[United Copper 32 'J2M
I.SOOjUn Rds of S F. . 74 72 73 7314
400 i Do pM 8O«» ST»U 89% 89%
10i D«4i 01% 91 H 91 01%
1,400 V S Cast I Pipe 31^4 31% 3U4 31%
Do pfd 01% 02
1 U S Express 1 123 126
U S Leather t l.'J',4! 13%
Do pfd 110% 111 .
iU S Rcalty&Con! |..... 90 . 01%
100'U S Hed & R Co! 33U| 3:H4 93% 3.5%
2txl| Do pM j7l j 7094 71 71%
300 U S Rubber | 51%, 51 51V4 52
800J Do pfd 11l 110% 110% 110%
05,100 U S Steel Cor.. ."6^ 35% 36% 36%.
00.600. Do pfd N ....... 104TU03% 104% 104%
7CO Va-Car Chem'Co 34V4 34 134 :stii
i^Dojjfd ....100 107
200;WabaiBh 1«% 19V4 19>,4 10%
1100 Do pfd 40% 1 40 40 40%
.1 Do Deb 8»... .....j..... 70. 72
"" . .. Wells-Farßo Ex 240 250
100 Western Union.. 03=4 » 3 % 0"!?4 »* •
1 700 We»tinghem=e. ... 171 170 1O 170%
I Do Ist |)fd 100 105
" |\V &LE .. . 16 16%
"*"IW Do Ist pfd 22%| 22% 22% 23
700 Do 2<J Pfd.... 40% 39% 40% .42
6.000 Wis Central 26% 25% 20% 26%
3;eOO DO Pfd 50% 55%! 65% 50
1 OSO.SOO^— Total 6hares sold.
' ' ' Jierr York Bond*.
Tt 8 ref 2s reg-.104 [Japan 6s. cert 101%
UDo coupon 104 Japan Cs* 2d ser. 00%
na "!s reg 10314! Japan 4%5. cert.. 02%
Do "c0up0n.. ;...1ft35,41L & N unified 45.103^
no rew 4s reg.l^2%!Man con sold , 45.104i,4
V:, coupon.."- . . • 132 % Mcx Central 45 ... 77 «4
rto old 4f reg..104.l Do Ist 1nc...... 24
n^ c0up0n.... -104': Minn A St L 4s. 97%
Amer Tob 4s 85% M. X & Texas 4«.102i.|
Do Cs . . ...... -115% Do 2d« 80%
Atch cen 4s 104 NR of Mcx con is 83%
Do Idj 45...... »7>4 NYC gen 3%«.. 90«
AttantkT-C.Z. 46.102541N J C «n 55....i3iil
The directors of the Dairy Exchanga yes
terday electeH the following officers: President.
W. H. Roussel; vice president. Frank .B.
Norton; treasurer. Frank E. Booth; ««cretary.
and official grader. W.- D. McArthur. A com
mittee was appointed to secure suitable quar
ters. Another meeting will be held on Tut«-
I day to perfect arrangements, and It is ex
pected that the exchange will formally open
for business by the first of September.
The Butter market was steady at the ad
vance noted yesterday, though receipts wer«
much heavier than of late. Cheese ruled firm
for fine mild new. but the medium and lower
grades were not especially firm. Eggs were
top-heavy and most dealers quoted them rather
weak thifn otherwise. Arrivals were large.
Receipts were 59.500 lbs Butter. 1425 cases
Eggs and 16.500 lbs Cheese. - •
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 24<g25c
for extru* and "J'al'-ic for lower and me.iium
grades: dairy, 21#23c; cold storage. 22@23e:
store Butter.- 17618 c. - ,
CHEESE^ — Good to choice mild new, 11@
HV-c; common, 8%@10c; Young Americas,
lliA@l2c; Eastern. ll@lsc per lb.
E'OGS — Ranch, 30!&olc for - large white se
lected and 27Q2yc for fair to good; cold stor
age, 25@26c; store Eggs, 20@22%c; Eastern
firsts, 20® 21c; seconds, I6<BlBc per dozen.'
Butter, Cheese and Kks».
All handlers reported the Poultry market In
fair shape, with trade steadily Improving. • and
firm prices ruled for everything on the list,
particularly young Chickens. Young Rcosterg,
Fryers an J Broilers wera quoted higher. The
car of Western that was looked for did not
arrive but was hourly expected.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 19@21c per Ib for
old an'l 24@2t5c for young: Geese, per pair,
fl 50<&2; Goslings. $1 75(82: Ducks. $3 50©4
per dozen for old and M 50©4 50 for young;
Hens. $ISS for \u25a0 small and $5 50Q6 tor
large: young Roosters. $5 5U06; old Roas
ters. $4 50i&5; Fryers. $3 50®4 50: Broilers.
$2 50®3 23- Pigeons. $1 50: Squabs. $1 60@l 75.
GAME — Hare $1 50<ei 75 per dozen; Cot
tontail Rabbits. (1 50<g2 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
AV:r York Stocks higher on the day and Cotton also advanced.
Loco! Stocks 'and Bonds show largely increased activity.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange rales undisturbed.
Sugar marked up ;ioc and Turpentine $ c
11'heat, Barley and oilier Grains about the same.
Lima Beans becoming firmer. Hay weak. Fecdstuffs unchanged.
% Demand for Poultry improving. Game as before.
Potatoes. steady, Onions easy and Vegetables weak.
Cool, cloudy weather checks the demand for fresh Fruit.
Butter steady, Cheese higher and Eggs rather ivcdk.
Dried Fruits continue very strong everywhere.
in Hams, Bacon and Lard expected.
Wool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
Some descriptions of Pacific Codfish higher.
Bait &. Ohio 45..105H1N0r Pacific 4s 105%
Do 3>4s 55% Do 3s 77
Central of Ga 55.114 Nor & W con 45.102V4
Do Ist mc OSViIO S L refdg 45... 96%
I Do 2d Inc 80% Pa cony 3%5.....105%
Ches & Ohio 110 Reading gen 45... 102^4
Chi & Alton SVis. 80 SL& I M con 55.11«%
or B & Q new 48.101^ St L & S F fg 4s. 89
C. RI & Pac 4s. S". St LS W con -is. S2'4
Do col 5s 93 Seaboard A L 4s. W%
C.C.C £- SLgn 45.103%150 Pacific 45..... 95
Chi Term 4s 93 Do Ist 4s, cert. 07
Colo Midland 45.. 7.1% So Railway 55.... 119
<"o!o & J=o -Is 94 Tex & Pac 15t5..122>4 :
Colo Ind Es. ser A 7::4 Tol. St L & W 4s. Hl% .
Do r,s. «er-8.. 71% Union Pacific 45..105-&
Cuba ss. cert .IOS Do cony 45.....13!^i
Den X- Rio G 45.101 IT S Steel 2d 55.. 07%
D.'st Securities 5s S7 Wabash Ists ..,..11S
Erie prioivlien 4a.101^ Do deb B .>... 71%
1 Do sen 4s !M« Western MJ 4e... SS •
FW& D C lsts.lls W& L Erie 45... 03
Hock Val 4>is. ..llOVi Wls Central 45... 94^
A'eiy York Oilnlnsr' Stocks.
Adams Con 30' Little Chief...... 05-
Alice sr> Ontario ...... 2(0
1 Breeco -13 (jphir 6 37%
! Bruns Con U Phoenix 02
ConiFtook Tunnel. 05 Potosi 02 j
j Con Va Mm Co.. 1 2* Savage ...'. 57
I Horn Silver 1 75 Sierra . Nevada.. .. .';2
J Iron Silver 3 40 Small Hopes 30
LeadviUo Con 00 Standard ICO
llostitn Stocks and,. Itoiids.
Money— |C S Steel 36%
Call loans 2U@3i.U Do pfd 104»i
Time 'loans 3»44j4V»| Westing Common. S4
Bonds — Mmmg —
Atchitron 1« 102 Adventure 5J.i
Do adj 4s 1>6% Alloutz 34%
I Mcx Central 45..' — Amal Copper S4»i
I Railroads — ' Amer Zinc 10
Atchison So».!i tJinsham 30%
Do pfd 10i% Atlantic 18 I
Boston & Albariy.2r>r> Calumet & Hecla.«7s |
i Boston & Maine.l 77 Centennial .25 j
] Boston Eiev ....153 Copper Range ... 69% |
J FUchburK pfd 140 Daly West 14
: Mcx Central . 2214 Dom Coal 7(j \
I N Y. N H & H..2i!9' Franklin 11%;
i Pcre Marquotte .. 07% Granby 7V+
I Union I'aclfic ...132% Isle Royale 22% !
; Miscellaneous — Mass- Mining 8»4 ',
! Ai:vr Arqe Chtm. 2.TA Michigan 14%
Do pfd 01% Mohawk ....54
j Amer Pneu Tube. 6 Mont Coal& Coke —
I Amer Sugar 144 Old Dominion ... 27%
Do pfd 140% Osceo!a 69
; Amer Tel & Tel.lSS'i Parrot 25%
I Amer Woolen ... 36*4 Quincy 103
i Do pfd 10214 Shannon 7%
Dom Iron & 5... 23 iTamarack 23
Ed Elect 11ium.. 254 Trinity 8V
Gen Electric ....lS3*i United Copper ... 32
Mass Electric 18% U S Mining...... 33U
Do pfd 01 U S Oil .......... 10«
Mass Gas 49^4 Utah 45%
United. Fruit 107 (Victoria 3%
Un Shoe Mach... 83 Winona 11«K
Do pld 32%| Wolverine ........119%.
London Cluwitig; Stocks.
Cons money «01-16|N V Central 157%
Do for acct. .90 3-16: Nor & Western... SS%
Ar.acocia.' fl •! Do pfd 96%
Atchison « 91%|Dnt & Western... 53%
j Do r>frt .lOU^i Pennsylvania 74V4
I Bait & Ohio HS'>s|Rand Mineo 0%
Can Pacific 161 Reading 55^
Ches & Ohio 50%] Do Ist pfd- 45%
Chi Great West.. 21% Do 2d pfd 47%
Chi, Mil &St P.IS9 So Railway 36U
De Beers . ..-. 17 I Do pfd 102
Den & Rio G 3'! 'So Pacific Vu%
Do pfd M)%! Union Pacific 135Sf
Krlf 40%! Do pfd 100
Do Ist pM SB*4|U S Steel 30%
Do 2d pfd 76%} Do pfd IOS%
111 Central 185 I Wabash 20
Louis & Nash...'.l.V{iil Do pfd 42
M. X & Texas... 31%! Spanish 4s 92
Bar silver— Firm: 27% d per ounce.
Monpy— l^@2 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market
for short hills is 2 per cent and for three
months' bills 2Q2 1-1 C per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
SUGAR — Prices have teen advanced HOC.
The Wstern Sugar Refining Company
quotes as follows. per *b.- In 100-'.b bags:
Cubes, A crushed and £lne Crushed. 5.:;"*.-:
Powdered. 5.15 c: Candy Granulated, 6.15 c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.05 c; Dry Granulated. coar«e.
5.05 c; Fruit Granulated. 5.05 c; B«et Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 4.85 c: Confectioners'
A. 5.05 c: Magnolia A. 4.65cr Extra C. 4.55 c;
Golden C. 4.45 c; "D." 4.35 c: barrels. 10c mor«;
half barrels, 23c more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 5.55 c; boxes. s.*oc: H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.05 c per Ib. N"o order taken for less
than seventy-ftve barrels or Its equivalent.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Some kinds have beon
advanced He- Bundles, per lt>. 4 t ic; cases,
regular. sc: cases, extra large, s Vic: Eastern
style.. «Jc; "Norway." evic: Anchor Brand. C l^
iffiSHc; "Narrow Gauc?, rt?io; "Silver Klny."
7t»c; Golden State. B^c; White S»at. »c;
blocks. "Oriental." 6 Uc: blocks. "'SeabrtKhr."
»>%c: Crown Brand. T^c: Pearl. 7%c; fancy
boneless. 9®9Hc; Cod. bbls. $S 50:
pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 78. •
27031 c: Fleece Twine. 7%c: Trait Bag*
COAL— Welllnjrton. ** p.T ton; New Wel
lington. $3; Seattle. <X s<>: Bryant. $a 3i>:
Beaver Hill. $SW: Roslyn. *7 : Coom Bay. $5 JO:
Richmond, $8: Cumberland. $13 tn bulk and
$11 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
814: Welsh Anthracite Eks. ?1^; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $D per ton: Coki-. $11 5C®1.1 j «r
ton In bulk and *13 In sacks: Rocky Mountain
j descriptions. $8 50 per short ton.
I OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cas*»
| add sc; Linseed. 64c jut gallon for boiled and
62c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c:
I Bakers' AA. cases. $1 14©1 1«: Lucok Stic f or .
j boiled and 54c for raw; China Nut. cases. C.'gff
80c per gallon: Coccanut Oil. in 'barrels. s.sc
for Ceylon and Me for Australian: exira
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. t!3c: extra bleached winter "Wh»le
Oil. 6oc; natural Whale Oil. 6uc: extra winter
| strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 650.
Pure Xeatsfoot Oil. 7uc: No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
! 57 % c: Herring Oil. 45c: Salmon OIL 24c: boiled
| Fiah Oil. 35c; raw Fish OH. XTx; Paint Oil. 35c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE, ETC— Water Whitf
Coal OIL 1n buHc. lie; Peart Oil. In cases;
17Hc: A.atral. 17Uc: Star. 17^c; Ex;ra Stir,
20Vjc: Elaine. 2t>c: Eocene. 19>-jc; Stove Gaso
line. In. ?>ulk. 14Hc: in cases; 21c; Motor Gjlhc-
Une. in bulk. 14»4c; in cases. 21o; No. 1 Ea-
I g\n* D'sr'llate. iron barrels o r drums. Sc; fio
i 2 do. &W' cases, QVtG mt>re; B«nzlne. in bulk.
! 12^c; ca>-es. 10c. Stt-derree Gasoline, in bulk.
25c; In caw», 31c i >
TURPENTINE— Higher at 86e* per gailoa
tn cases and SOc In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAIJ— Red Lead. 7M*
8c per Ib; Wfilte r.ea-1. 7»A©Sc. according :o
quantity.
There have been no important changes In
retail rates since last' week." Seasonal khids
of Fruits and Green' Produce are abundant,
with prices reasonable as si, rule. ,and > Dairy,
goods stand exactly the same, as quoted In the
last report. Prices of Poultry show some rt
.vlsion, while Meats a«d ;Flsh are still selling
at familiar quotations 1 .; • ...-• \u25a0-
t COAL, PER TON— :
Wellington ..s— olo 00' New * .
: Seattle .....$-r-@ S 50; Wellington .s— @lo CO
Koslyn .;....s—© 9 CO* Wellington .
Richmond ..s—olo COj Nut' •"\u25a0$ — @ -S co
Coos Bay . .$ — @ 7 50| . • :
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter.; choice.sq.— @4s| Eggs, per doz — • _-
Do, good . ...— @4o • Ranch 30^35
Cheese, Cal 15@20k Do Eastern — — ©25
Cheese.- Eastern.2o® 25! Honey, comb. Ib.— @ls
Cheese. Swiss ...25@35l Do extracted.".. S@lo
POULTRY AND GAME— :
Hens, large, ' (Turkeys, per 1b..27@30
each 65@90! Ducks, each t>s@Ss
Do small ... -50@W! Geese. . each.Sl 5C@l 75
Young Roosters • (Goslings .....51 50@2 23
each "..65J?55 Pigeons, pair — ©30
Old Roosters ea.so4?Csi Squabs, per pair.4o{isO
Fryers, each .... 50@<;5| Rabbits, each — ®25
Broilers, each. . .30@40l Hare, each . . . .— @2s
MEATS. PER POUND— .
Roast Beef— | Mutton Chops.... — @15
Choice cuts ...15<§20i Pork Chops, .... — @15
Do plain \u25a0 ...10@12% Veal Cutlets ....15«zlS
Roast Veal ...12%@15 Corned Beef 6@. 8
Roast Pork 15@1S Beef Stew 0@ 8
Foreqtr Lamb.— @l2% Mutton Stew — @.5
Hindqtr-Lamb.-. .— @ls Veal Stew 10@12%
Foreqtr Mutton.. S@lof Soup, Meat —0 5
Leg Mutton . ...— ©lo! Soup Bones ..... W —
Tndrloin Steak.l2%@lsiHams l&glB
I Porterhse Steak.lS@2o' Bacon . . . . . 15<&20
Sirloin S teak.. 12 %@ 15 Pork Sausage. .12%@15
Round Steak.. :i0@12% Chipped- Beef ..20@—
Lamb Chops..., 15@20> Lard 12%@—
FRUITS AND NUTS—-
Alllgtr Pears,ea.3s@so; Limes, doz 10@15
Almonds .... \u0084..15(gi'0,Nutmg Melons.ea.— @ 5
Apples 4@ til Oranges, dozen —
Apricots, lb ....— @lo| Fancy 40@75
' -B.ackbrrlr s, drw.2C©i:s Common 20^'J5
Crab Apples, lb— © Breaches, lb 3@ 6
Cantaloupes, ea.. s#lO[Plums; lb H@ 6
Pecans — ©2'ji Pineapples each..2s®so
Brazil Nuts ....20&— ! Pears, lb .' 3@ t>
Bananas, dor . .23&351 Quinces, lb — <g> 5
; Cocoanuts. each.. 5®10! Raisin*, lb I(J@l5
Fles. dried lb. . <s©lii Raspbrrles. drwr.4o<S6s
Do, freshi Ib.l2ii©ls Strawbrrl<-s. dwr.:i(l®so
Grape Fruit. dz.soc.'<.*l|Tangerines doz..— ®2s
Grapes, lb . B@lo| Walnuts, per lb.lsig'2O
Lemons doz ...2t)®ol>[ Watermelons, ea..20<g35
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, doz . :40tf>'75 Leeks, doz bunch. — @15
Beets, dozen ... .ICtg — Mushrooms, lb. . . — #75
Beans, white lb. 5<7S — Onions, per lb..l^@ 2
Colorpd. per lb. 6O 8 Okra, lb — «»15
Dried' Lima. lb. — <3» S[ Potatoes, per lb.H,£(g> 2
Green Lima.lb. — @1 2 Vi) Parsnips per dz.lS«2f)
Cabbage, each... Z&\O\ Radishes, dz bch.ls@2o
Celery, head . . . . 5@10; Sage, dz bnches.2&S —
Cress dz bunch. lsS — String Beans, lb.— ©lo
Cucumbers, doz.. — @10 Summer Squash,
Garlic 8«J10 per lb — @» 3
Green Peppers, lb. 4@ B Sprouts, per lb.. — (g 1 —
Green Corn. dpz.2s'@so|?'ninach. -per lb.. — @ 5
Dried Pepners.. .NX&iO Sweet Potatoes.lb. 6@ 8
Egg Plant. Ib.-. .4® 6] Thyme, dz bnchs.-^2i
Green Peas. lb... — tr 6: Turnips, per doz. — &1!>
Lettuce, per doz. 15@20! Tomatoes, lb — @ 6
FISH. PER PQUND—
Barracouta . ., ..— @lslßockcod — Rl5
Black Bass — @25JSea Bass — @12>-i
Carp — @12>4 Smelts ..—Ol5
Catflsh 12»/A©15 Solea ....— @lo
Codfish :.— @l2' / 4( Skates each 10®--
Flounders ....— @12>y<. Siuid — @12%
Halibut 15^ — Tomcod k .lo^tl2Va
Herring —©— Turbot 25® —
Mackerel 150 — Trout — ©73
Do horse \u0084..12%<8> — Whiteflsh ..:..... 10® —
Rockflsh — 615! Clams gallon 60® —
Salmon, fresh .. .— @l3! Do hardshell, lb SfflO
Do smoked.... — @25!Grawfish per lb. — «? —
Salmon Trout.... r-@»o| Crabs, each ..I'W'SZo
Sardines r— © — Mussel*, lb 12^(fJ!15
Shad ...— @ 12 Vi 1 Oysters; Cal. 100.40*950
Striped Bass.... — @15[ Do Eastern. dz.30@40
Perch" — @1O! *
Family Retail- Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
very firm, with holders reruslng bids of i%c
for future shipments of prime fruit. Common
to good are quoted at s@U?ic on spot; prime,
(H4©7c; choice. 7%c; fancy, Be.
PRUNES- -Firm, in keeping with other
fruits, with epot quotations ranging from 4'Ac
°PEACHES— Are fetrorg. w.th chsi.e qucted at
10V4c; extra choice, lOfeQiO'.xc; fancy, lie.
RAISINS— Are not further changed. Loose
muscatels are quoted at 444 ©6U C ; seeded rais
ins, sU@7%c; London layers. $I@l 15.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining. 3%c; cen
trifugal, OG test, 4 5-32 c; molasses sugar, 3k
*?3 9-3 4 Jc:" refined, firm; crushed, 6c; powdered,
5.40 c: prranuluted, 6.30 c. '• \u25a0
BUTTER— Steady, unchanged. •
CHEESE— Weak. State, mil cream, white
fancy, IOV-c; do fair to choice, 9?i@loVic; do
large, colored and white, fancy. lO^c.
EGGS — Strong. State, Pennsylvania and
nearby fancy selected white, 25@27c; Western
extras."' 2l@2l}&c. {: - .\u25a0'
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for futures closed steady, but
unchanged to 5 points lower. Sales were re
ported of 97,500 bags, Including: September,
7@7.05c; November. 7.20 c: December. 7.30®
7.33 c; January, 7.45 c; March, 7.50@7.00c; May,
7.70 c. Spot— Rio, steady: mild, steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — The market to-day showed no de
cided tendency. Traders look for a continu
ance of . steadiness and some Improvement in
prices, as the weather, conditions in Brazil are
very cold and frosty and there is some prob
ability of material damage developing.
The Coffee Exchange will De closed Septem
ber 2 and 4. Labor day.
11. 55S barrels: experts. 71-15 ' barrels.- Steady,
with demand better. --.- \u25a0 \u25a0 • • ..- • .
RYE FLOUR— Steady. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0 • \u25a0"< •
CORNMEAL-^Firm. \u25a0, % :
RYE— Steady. \u25a0 -\u25a0 - \u25a0 \ '-
WHEAT— Receipts. 34,000 bushels. *>POt.
firm. No. -2 red. S7y»c elevator; No. 2 red.
SSV'C f. o. b. afloat;- No. l Northern Duluth.
$1 11 f, o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Manitoba,
nominal 'f. o. b. .- afloat. Opening higher on
light Argentine shipments, wheat reacted un
der bearish Northwest receipts and crop news.
A* second advance on bull support. - sympathy
with corn the "unfavorable Modern Miller le
port and covering was followed near the close
by reactions, although last prices showed %c
net advance/ May 89%<&;90%e, closed . 90% c;
September 8695@87 11-ltfc. closed 8. Vie ; De
cember SS%@B9%c, closed BST£c*
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Firm. .
In the vegetable market Tomatoes were still
rather scarce- and continued to command high
prices, but most dealers were expecting a in
cline, as it was generally supposed that the
prevailing prices would draw in heavy sup
plies- from the river.:. .-Everything else .on the
list save Lima' Beans and Garlic was in go 3d
supply and weak prices ruled, for most de
scriptions. . . *." " ". •
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 40030 c. per ctl:
White. 40@65c per ctl: Salinas Burbanka. S3c@
$1 per ctl: Garnet Chiles. 4Q®ssc per ctl: Sweet
Potatoes. l^<32>ic per lb. . . :
ONIONS— YeIIow. 75c©$l per ctl. \u25a0 V
. VEGETABLES — Green Peas. rSSlc' per lb:
Strlcg; and Wax Beans, 4<36c per lb; Lima
Beans, 7®Sc per lb: Tomatoes. $I@X. 50 . per
box; Summer Squash. 25® 40c" per box: Cucum
bers, 20<g30c per box: Pickle Cucumbers, nom
inal: Cabbage, 70c per ctl: Carrots, 75c Der
sack;" Garlic. s@3^c per lb:' Egg Plant. 509
75c per box; Green Peppers. 35©00 c per box for
Chile and 60@700 for Bell: Gre«n Okra, 75@S5c
per box; Green Corn, 50c(S$l 23 per sack and
SI So 1 *?! 50 per crate.
good -sized orders for shipment to -\u25a0 Alaska.
which keeps river stock pretty well cleaned
up. Onions aTe Inclined to easiness.- with sup
plies commencing to accumulate.
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO.. CALU SATURDAY AUGUST 12, ; 1905.
NeW York Grain and ; Produce. '-;.
NEW YORK. Ausr. 11.'— FLOUR^-RecelDti.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 7%@7Uc; Wool Bui.
Continued on Pace 14.
Northern ;Wheat Market.
', ' . \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0S,r -v.. -".. OREGON/ .; :, ! . ;
PORTLAND." Aug. • lL—t WHEAT— For «w.
The general tone . of • the Potato market -Is
one of steadiness. " receipts, being . moderate and
trade of fair volume. : botn locally, and on ship
\u25a0nine - account. - Salinas Bnrbanks .'\u25a0 have , the
ir, n .» -roil ; for local . use." while there ', *re some
Potatoes, ', Onlonii and * Vegetables.
St. Louis Wool , Market.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 11— Wool steady. Terri
tory and- Western - mediums, 1 28<g:30c; fine m«
dlum,"-23@26c; fine.U6@lBc.
NEW YORK, Aug. ;11.-*-Cotton futures
opened quiet and firm. August, ... 10.32 c; Sep
tember. 10.40 c; October, 10.35 c: December
IO.RTc; January, 10.76 c; March, 10.83 c; May
10.85 c. \u25a0
Cotton futures closed steady. I August, 10.42 c'
September, 10.50 c; October, 10.63 c; November!
10 68c; December, "10.74 c; .-January, 10 82c
February. 10.86 c: March, - 10.92c: i April, ' lo.03c :
May. 10.04 c. -i ' '•\u25a0''--• ' , •\u25a0'-.\u25a0 • \u25a0
\u25a0 Cotton ' spot ' closed quiet. \u25a0• Middling- upland :
10.75 c; middling: Gulf, lie; sales. 118 bales.
New York "Cotton Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15MURINE EYE REMEDY cures Eyes;
makes Weak Eyes Strong.' Soothed Eye
Pain. Doesn't Smart. \u25a0-•._. :•
George, Biiell and;; Harry Ro we, -who
occupy a ;room r at;the'Hotel; McAllister,
503 Van Ness avenue, reported that dur-
.R. H. 'Winston"' reported to the police
yesterday that* his room at the-Kenil
worth apartment house/698 Bush street,
entered on Thursday, evening: and
a 'quantity ; of Jewelry stolen.: -Among
the articles' were a- diamond horseshoe
pin, a pearl stickpin", ! a f diamond * and
pearl clover leaf , pin,, a J stickpin, a
lady's gold band ring and a lady's pearl
and ruby, sunburst: pin. '5 r Detectives
Ryan and [ ODea have been detailed on
the case, but so far there. is no clew, to
the thief. V >^C - . '.'\u25a0:':--'.
Valuable Jewelry Is ' Stolen From the
Kcnilvrorth and Coin and Wntch
From the \u25a0, McAllister. . J T ,C •\u25a0(\u25a0 "I
BURGLARS PAY VISITS TO
APARTMENT HOUSE AND HOTEL
City Chemist Bothe reported to Cor
oner. \Leland yesterday^that he had
found a large: quantity of diluted car
bolic acid. in the stomach of Edward
Johnson, who was found dead in the
toilet, of the Cosmopolitan Hotel on
July SO. Johnson was to have been
married on that . day to Miss Gertrude
Durham 0f. 915% Mission street. It was
believed at the time that Johnson's
death had been produced by natural
causes. None of his friends knew of
any reason .why he should commit sui
cide", but Dr. Baci.eralupi, not being con
vinced by the appearances developed at
;the autopsy, sent the stomach to the
City ; Chemist' for^ analysis of its con
tents. < *-i~" -;':;-; .' .
Edward Johnson, Supposed to Have
Died a Natural Death, Is Victim
'\u25a0 p of Carbolic Acid. *f .
POISOX FOUXD IX STOMACH
OF INTENDED BRIDEGROOM
Everything In easy reach. Smooth drawers,
no heavy trays. A chiffonier at home and a
trunk when on the go. The Mendel _ Wardrobe
Trunk. Australian .rawhide bound. _ bronze
trimming,- Yale tumbler lock, pegamoid leather
lined, better than leather. Holds clothes,
shirts, hats, shirt .waists, skirts, shoes, cigars,
books. , Ail divided conveniently and
ble Made for - men and women; Sanborn,"
Vail &. C 0... 741 Market' St., -•\u25a0-. • ?.
No Ruiiimtig-lnK.
The San Francisco societies will make
every effort to secure for San Fran
cisco the convention to be held in 1906.
The Norwegian Singing Society of the
Pacific Coast, a federation of the Nor
wegian singing societies In the larger
cities of California, Oregon and Wash
ington, will hold Its third annual con
vention In Portland on August 25, 25
and 27. •
"The societies of California will char
ter a steamer to leave here for the trip
north and en. route will call at Eureka
to take aboard the singers there.
While in Portland they will enter
into a competition for a handsome sil
ver trophy, originally given by Everett,
arid^now in the possession ot Tacoma,
which city won it at the last conven
tion.
Californium Will Charter Steamer (or
the Journey North and Will
Stop at Eureka.
NORWEGIAN SINGERS TO
CONVENE IN PORTLAND
Mrs. Clara Foltz, attorney-at-law, has
removed her law offices to Parrott bid.*
ROSENBERG CONVICTIONS REVERSED.
The convictions of Harry and Joseph Rosen
berg butchers, by Police Judge Conlan on No
vember 6 last year were reversed by Judge
Cook yesterday and the cases dismissed. They
were each fined $200 by Judge Conlan for hav
ing calves less than four weeks old In their
possession. It was shown that since the cases
had been on appeal, the ordinance under which
the arrests were made had been repealed;
Ever considered the splendid car ser
vice, climatic ndvantajr.es of the Rich
mond District? Exceptional offers to
home-seekers in Sunday* Real Estate
column*.
PARIS, Aug. 11.— The following Cal
iforiiians are visiting in Paris: Robert
E. Reid and L. A. Levy and wife, San
Francisco; Robert Lindsay, Los An
geles.
San Franeiscana In Paris.
After his head had been-patched at the
Emergency j Hospital the former pugilist
was booked for vagrancy and battery,
and Mr Turnham has peace - disturbance
ana battery to answer for. Judge Con
lan will hear >trre "Sharkey" case next
Wednesday, and on the same, day Mr.
Turnham will have an inning with Judge
Fritz.
In a "grotto" at 1032 Market street Goff
arrested Kruse for vagrancy at 4:15
o'clock yesterday morning, and the pris
oner was putting up a beautiful "scrap"
with his custodian when Harry Tur nham
made the game uneven by also striking
the officer, who thereupon endeavored to
restore a balance by- using his club on
"Sharkey's" thick skull. The three-hand
ed combat was waging fiercely when Pa
trolman W.U Sheehan arrived and In
stantly tackled Turnham, by which time
"Sharkey" had been beaten Into submis
sion.
It was a fight worth witnesstng,by-any
admirer of the game, for both of the
combatants— Patrolman Charlie Goff and
Alex Kruse, alias "Young Sharkey"— had
earned fistic distinction " within .the
squared circle.
• ... * . •
"Was it music they, made?" the bench
inquired of the complaining policeman.
He would not swear that it was.
"Then," quoth the bench, "you should
have charged them .with having disturbed
the peace instead of- having made music.
Complaint defective and case dismissed.
I would like to have Mr. Fisher, if he
really is alive, come here to-morrow and
prove it.""
"Was the instrumental accompaniment
an aid or a detriment to. the. effect of
your vocalism?" his Honor said to, Miss
Ruby, i
"It wasn't much of a piano," the lady
raclied, "but Emma can play all right."
ejaculated. And her tone was expressive
of the disappointment that follows depri
vation of an anticipated treat.
There is no record of what any of the
trio said or did from that moment until
they were arrested for violating .the or
dinance which.- prohibits,' the making of
music between the hours of. 1 a. m. and 6
a. m. in a place of public entertainment
where liquors are. sold, j Patrolman Ba
denhauer, who made the' arrests, told
Judge Conlan . th,at the smaller^hand of
his watch was closer to 2 than' to I' when
he was attracted to the Universal by a
feminine voice raised in song [arid the ac
companying torture of^a pianoforte. In
vadinga rear room he found Miss Ruby
singing. Miss' Emma "thumping the in
strument and the bartender apparently
entranced by the mingled sounds.
"What was the song^" the Judge asked
Miss Emma when 1 she faced him as a de
fendant.
"It was 'My Wild Irish Rose,' " an
swered Miss Emma. .
The following divorce complaints
were filed yesterday: Louisa from Clar
ence Hock, charging failure to pro
vide; Abram from Goldy Blank, alleg
ing desertion; Annie from Joseph Oli
ver, failure to provide; Daisy M. from
Arthur C. Greenwall, cruelty; William
Ct»k from Mary Ann Cook, desertion.
Judge Troutt yesterday ordered that R.
A- Buchanan, who obtained a divorce
from Nettle M. Buchanan, shall pay the
defendant $30 a month for support of
the children.
Ever since November 1 last year they
have been living separately,: and on
June 15 last an action was brought
against the father for the maintenance
and support of the child. The outcome
was the agreement to deposit the
money which will be paid. Both agree
that no legal actions shall obstruct the
issuance of the final decree.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday granted an
interlocutory decree of divorce to
Frances E. M. Dean from Benjamin S.
Dean, and, according to an agreement
signed by both parties, the plaintiff will
receive $7000 that is on deposit in the
Crocker Wool worth Bank for the sup
port of their minor child, Peter S. Dean.
The agreement accompanied the peti
tion for divorce and was entered for
th*> purpose of avoiding the expense of
litigation.
Captain Dan Sewell of engine 31. who
was charged with making incessant
trouble in hl3 company, was transferred
by order of the board. Sewell, it is
alleged, could not agree with Lieuten
ant Kelley of the same engine and the
contention was a disgrace to the de
partment. .
A fine of eleven days' pay was im
posed on Joseph McXamara of engine
3- for drunkenness. He was warned
that severe measures would be used
should be repeat the offense.
J. F. -Campbell and John Farrell of
engine 12 were fined twenty days* pay
for absence from duty without permis
sion. Farrell has been on the force but
fifteen days, but has been reprimanded
several times for drunkenness.
'The case of S. Rainey of engine 16,
charged with absence from his quarters
while required to be on duty, was post
poned one week. Rainey is the son of
the deceased' veteran iireman by that
name and it is understood he feels so
disgraced that be will hand In his
designation.
"But it is our purpose only to show
you the dishonesty of the men in this
department," answered Cannon. "They
have beaten us out of much money.",
"If you can produce a fireman here
that has bunkoed a broker," said Parry.
"I will move the board to award him a
medal. The only recourse left for your
clients Is the courts, and there you will
take your clients instead of before this
persecuted commission."
President Flynn moved that the at
torneys be- denied a hearing; and the
motion was passed. .. Cannon was in
dignant that, as he said, the > board
should nominally give sanction to the
actions of the firemen.
Attorneys W. M. Cannon and W. J.
Hayes, appearing for loan brokers to
collect alleged len'dings, were told yes
terday by the Board of Fire* Commis
sioners that hereafter no cases of
fraudulent firemen would be considered,
and denied the appeal to allow the
lawyers to "show up" some of the al
leged bankrupts.
"I positively . refuse to sit on this
board and consider any more of these
cases," said Commissioner Parry, "for
the brokers have been using this com
mission long: enough for a collecting
agency." •
Frances Dean Granted Di
vorce From Theatrical Man
by Judge Kerrigan.
COMMISSIONERS REAPPOINTED.— United
States District Judg« do Haven yesterday re
appointed George A. Dougherty of Salinas and
James A. Manley of San. Francisco as United
States Commissioners for four years, beginning
yesterday.
Board Refuses to Give Attor
neys for City Brokers
Hearing of Troubles.
In the action Mary Maler, executrix of
the Joseph Maler estate; Joseph S. Maler,
Edward R. Maier, Simon Maier, Edward
Goiter, S. Rademacher and G. Thurner
are named as defendants. The property
Involved is worth more than $1,000,000.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 11.— George Zo
belein, president and treasurer of the
Maler & Zobelein Brewing Company, the
largest concern of the kind in- Southern
California, has applied to the courts for
a receiver, and in connection with the ac
tion charges Joseph Maier, his late part
ner, with fraud. He asks that An ac
counting be obtained, the partnership
dissolved and the property sold.
In the complaint filed to-day, Zobelein
alleges that the Maier faction not only
acquired a controlling interest by secret
ly securing the transfer of stock from
small holders, but also that Joseph F.
Maier Jr., vice president and secretary,
and Edward R. Maler have collected
money of the corporation and have re
fused to turn it over to the treasurer un
til they have control of the \u25a0 corporation
funds.
GETS INTERLOCUTORY
DECREE AND $7000
COMMISSION TURNS
DOWN MONEY LENDERS
Ing the early hours 'of yesterday morn
ing their room . was entered. A gold
watch and . $25 in coin . were stolen.
When they awoke yesterday morning
they found their clothes scattered over
the floor and the pockets turned inside
out. .The thief had entered while they
were asleep. ;
GREEXBERG ACCUSED OF FORGBRT^t
Otto Sander. 231 Fourteenth street, obta'.-«V
a \u25a0warrant from Police Juc!g» Conlan yeetwlay
for the .arrest of Samuel Greenbers on a
charge of forgery. On July 31 Greenberg 1 got
Sander to cash a check for $40. It was drawn
on the Mission Bank and purported to bn
Btgned by John Graff of Graft Brother*. 18(>7
Mission street, where. Greenberg said h« had
been employed. John Graff declared that his
signature to the check had been forged.
Trouble Among Interests of
3Taier and Zobelein
Company.
RECEIVER ASKED
FOR BIG BREWERY
When she heard that George Fisher
had suddenly departed this sphere ; Miss
Ruby -Wilson wept copiously in her hand
kerchief, for I the ) alleged deceased had
possessed her esteem for more years than
she cared to confess having : lived. : She
was given jj condolence I without | stint by'
her lady • friend,'- Miss - Emma" Wilson .: of
312% Tehama' street, '-who : remarked -, that
tears . could not < restore lif e;il that iwe \ all
must go the! same way , some j time or oth
er, and supplemented those unassailable
assertions 'with others equally
ical, if . not altogether, comfortable. They
| Mr.v Hoffman corroborated her" state
ments as to. his relationship, his vocation
and ' the J* daintiness ." of her matutinal
meals, , so the charge of .vagrancy against
her ; was -dismissed. ': She dwells on the
first block of Mason street. \u25a0 V
"My husband,', you know," .slfe said to
Judge Fritz, • "is a. French cook, and
wlTen I'mvat home : the ; breakfast he
serves would just make your mouth
water.'. First comes my canteloupe, nice
ly --.'iced; i. then my broiled . chop, with
watercress «,and crisp chips;
then my coffee, -.with* the tiniest and thin
nest, slices of \u25a0 toast .-.Just swimming in
butter ; then my—" ..
"Well," what did. you have for breakfast
this ' morning?" , hastily put in his Honor.
"What did I / have?- I'm ashamed to
tell - you. They^called it coffee — but, oh,
please 'don't ;'ask me to tell' you any more
about it. I'm -sick when I think of it."
Mrs. Sadie Hoffman was unsparing in
her denunciation of the quality of food
served to persons , confined in the City
Prison. ; . .\u25a0 t : , v
»• - •
Isaac L. Solomon,' dealer in beef, either
slaughtered &r on the hoof, was under
a $500 bond to keep the peace when he
smashed '$50 worth of furniture and or
naments in his home, 122 Twenty-ninth
street, for which offense his .daughter
Florence had him arrested. Judge Conlan
has the case. The young woman declares
she will commit parricide if the defend
ant ever harasses her again, and her
mother threatens to \u25a0 apply for divorce.
Mr. Solomon's lot is unhappy in several
other respects.
\u25a0Mr. .Rankin told Judge Fritz that never
did dos have a better time than he gave
Al Lean's foxterrier. .And that assertion
was made advisedly, as he was fully
cognizant of the coddling that Mr. Lean
had bestowed on the animal. From the
moment the dog came into his possession
until it was taken from him its tail was
awag with contentment. His business
compelled him to visit places where in
toxicating liquors are retailed, and dur
ing such visits his canine companion was
permitted to partake ' of the choicest
viands upon the free lunch tables. Mr.
Rankin had never intended to steal the
dog. anyway, as it Involuntarily attached
itself to him and he was under impres
sion it was a stray.
In view of the excellent condition in
which the dog was returned to him Mr.
Lean declined to, prosecute and Mr. Ran
kin was dismissed. . , ; •
Al Lean, whose saloon is at 1154 Mar
ket street, was plunged Into profound
gloom by the mysterious disappearance
of his fox terrier, nor did he again dis
play buoyancy of spirit until the animal
had been recovered and Fred Rankin, an
advertisement man, was under arrest for
having purloined it.
•• . •
While the recent primary election was
progressing in a booth at Sacramento and
Laurel streets Wallace Bradford became
engaged in an altercation with Frank A.
Maestretti, president of the Board of
Public Works, and so foul were some of
the epithets voiced by Mr. Bradford that
he was arrasted for peace disturbance.
In the court of Judge Fritz the defend
ant expressed contrition and declared
eagerness to apologize to Mr. Maestretti,
so the case was continued till next Mon
day, i ,
When arraigned before Judge Conlan,
the prisoner said, his true name was Wil
liam Drummond, that he had no fixed
occupation and that he was hopelessly
addicted to the use of morphine injected
hypodermically. He will* be sentenced
this morning. Mr. Finn resides at 168
Snyder avenue.
Martin Finn, hodcarrier, was marvel
ing at the meanness of spirit possessed
by the person who had stolen his vest and
shoes when he was both surprised and
pleased to see the missing garment and
footgear worn by a passing stranger, who
fled as soon as he perceived Martin mak
ing ocular survey af his apparel. Martin
gave chase, soon -overtook, his 'quarry,
prostrated him, . wrenched the vest from
his body and, was proceeding to dlvst him
of shoes, when a policeman arrived and,
on Martin's complaint, took charge of the
captive and booked him for petty larceny
"I don't begrudge the money," she in
formed Police Judge Conlan, "for the sat
isfaction I derived from chucking that
impudent cur through the window was
worth twice eight and a half."
"Tell us about the chucking," his
Honor requested. '
"Well, as my lady friend and I were go
ing from our home, 416 O'Farrell street,
to the theater, the masher was, standing
in front of an express office. at 404 O'Far
rell street, and as we passed him he ut
tered an offensive remark. He had done
the same thing several times before, so I
thought it was about time to stop him."
"And then you chucked him?"
"Yes, sir; I Just turned around, picked
him up and threw him into the window."
"You did what was perfectly right,"
the btnch commended, "and if you could
have chucked him through a sky scraper
skylight instead of a first-floor window
he woud have been properly seryed."
Miss Sanchez looked as if the feat sug
gested would not have been entirely oe
yond her prowess, for she was Amazo
nian in stature and breadth of shoulder,'
while her human missile was described as
puny of physique— as most oglers of wo
men on the public highways are.
"So I don't begrudge the money I paid
for the broken window,',' Miss Sanchez
repeated, "for I'll bet that little snipe
will never speak to me again."
Case dismissed.
*• . *
After . she had hurled the "masher"
through the window. Miss Josie Sanchez
was arrested and booked for. malicious
mischief on complaint of the person whos<>
glass was broken, but she quickly gave
bail for her appearance In court and then
handed $3 50 to the complainant as com
pensation for her destruction of his-prop
erty.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
had the effect, however, of assuaging
Miss Ruby's grief sufficiently to enable
her to control her tear fonts, and to in
vite Miss Emma to accompany her to the
house of mourning, the Universal saloon,
near, to Golden Gate Park. In her lady
friend's hour of need Miss Emma" was not
found wanting.
When the ladles arrived at the Univer
sal and Miss Ruby requested to be,per
mitted to look upon the face of the dead,
the bartender expressed desire to be told
what they were a-givin' him, also to as
certain whether they were a-stringin'
him., Shocked by his seeming lack ot
human feeling, Miss Ruby wept afresh
and Miss Emma declared that he ought
to be ashamed of hisself. " \u25a0"""
"Aw, kids, let up on th' josh," laughed
the bartender. ',
Ensuing explanation supplanted with
Joy Miss Ruby's woe. Mr. Fisher, instead
of having joined the majority, . was at
that moment sound asleep in his bed, and
shortly before retiring he had appeared
to be in excellent spirits.
"Somebody must a-bin handln* youse
klddbs a bunch o' th' Jolly," said the
mixologist.
"Well, of all things!" Miss Ruby-glee
fully exclaimed. . • • . .\u25a0 " -
"If that ain't the limit!" Miss Emma
He is highly esteemed by all who
knew him. He is a member of the
Elks, also of the Knights of Pythias.
After leaving Virginia City he came
to San Francisco. His first move here
was to establish an athletic school.
This he conducted for some time. He
was a wrestler of much ability. After
closing the school he returned to the
restaurant business. For the, lastfour
years he has been a terrible sufferer,
and he hoped to end all by the fatal
bullet.
Perrier is one of the oldest restaurant
keepers on this coast. For the last two
years he has been in charge of the restau
rant of the Hotel | Gailhard at 507 Pine
street. He was the founder of the Del
monlco restaurant. When Perrier first
came to this coast in IS7O, he settled in
Virginia Clly. There he established a
restaurant which was headquarters of
many. of the men who afterward became
prominent factors in this part of the
country. Among his customers* at that
early period were John Mackay and Judge
Measick.
He was noted for his fine abilities In
the culinary art and this attracted the
leading people of that section of the
country.
Alfred Perrier shot himself last night
at the Gallhard HoteV while in a nt of
debpondency caused by his terrible suffer
ings from a cancer of the stomach.
H« aimed for his heart and' the bullet
passed through his stomach.
He was at once removed to St. Mary's
Hospital, where he now lies at death's
door.
He Regrets She Did
Not Smash Skylight
in Same Way.
Disease Causes Cook of John
Mackay. t<) Try to End
Suffering by Pistol Shot
HER ACT APPROVED
BY- JUDGE -CONLAN
SUEPEES FROM CANCER
Cheerfully Pays Owner
of Glass for Loss
Sustained.
Alfred Perrier, One of the
Old - Time Restaurant
Keepers, Shoots Himself
WANTS TO END
LIFE OF MISERY
STALWART MAIDEN THROWS
"MASHER" THROUGH WINDOW
THE^SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SATURDAY AUGUST 12, .' 1905.
16
THE OLD RELIABLE
BAY CITY
MARKET
ESTABLISHED 1575.
H32-c8 Market St. 25-27-29 Turk St.
Special Sale Every Saturday.
Never offered before in
San Francisco
o -o
Prime Roast Beef
Per 1 i\f\ i
lb. ivU
All Other Prices oi Meats
Reduced in Proportion,
o o
TRY OUR DELICIOUS POLISH AND
HUNGARIAN SAUSAGE. \
Every Saturday night from T to 10 O'CLOCK
we will have a CLEAN-UP SALE^ whereby
BARGAINS can be had which will SURPRISES
you. Strictly- no telephon* orders received for
special rates. CALL, and SELECT jSOUR
OWN GOODS.
Back East Excursions
Round Trip Tickets t)
Chicago $ 73 50
St. Louis 67 so
Memphis . \ 67 50
New Orleans 67 SO
Kansas City 60 00
Omaha $ . , 60 00
St. Paul 70 00
r'jfi; Minneapolis 70 00 j
Duluth 72 SosT*L>
Fort Worth • Co 00
New York 108 so
Boston zoo SO
Philadelphia 107 50
Baltimore 107 00
Washington. D. C 107 00'
j on bile
Jn'y 24-25-28.
Außust 13-IU-24-23 . i
S*ptember 7-f«-»-10-11-18-IT.
Gocd for 9ft daya.
DSS7ES ASS R3TCHH 355.0>
05 SALE
August 10-11-12-30-31.
Gocd for 40 days.
TheM ticket* ar» all honored oa
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED
ASK THE SANTA FB;
633 Karkji Stnat
RUF*TURE_ CURED
We cure It. and Its STATS 'cured. Call and
Bet earners i»m addresses of hundreds wa s>*v»
i cured. Go Ind see them. Or. better stiUjfw*
will CURE TOU. and you need not pay a^nt
till you are cured. Consultation and exami-
nation Is free. '
COME AND SEE US.
FiDEUTY. RUPTURE CURE
1311 Market St.. S. F.
% .>mW ' aW 9 I "Of the building values you will
v^T J%B/ fl find in* every department.
-sdr^ : JM/ -\u25a0 \u25a0 M Ja^O^opo booos^' - Exceptionally interesting to-
M$W • ' day are.-
' MM' "'\u25a0 ' j* o^. ' 1 d& Kimonas at 29c:
j^mW .. . x fl J J*\ HWT 9 And others at 39c. 40c. 63c and 85c,
AvtfkW \u25a0 . jm TgfffilrS B building prices. They're made ot
ju/f/fi}'/ _^ JrT NJIbLA^* good percales, dimities and lawns,
j/f///M/'z/ \u25a0 .- fl© mtf% Hi %. JBißr^' j n a u tne vu 5 ht summer colors.
<m /(?/ fl V^ m^ Flnd them on the 3 econd floor.
\\lrv ii^r» bE^^^ ~- Stockings, 16 2-3 C pair: •
\lv\P' .^T^B '«0 la |Bjl^ C^ — *- These !or"women, full fashioned,
j < I r -v'^^B «r I Stocfclnjfs at 19c pair: Some 35c
. _ «\u25a0» -^\u25a0\u25a0^r :\u25a0,,"! \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 '.y.Jr I stockings among them, fancy lislo
"* I thread, full fashioned; double
T^^"^v .^ I soles, heels and toes. 19c pair.
- I Scbool Stocklnss, 15c pain Boys'
' \ - . I and grlrls' seamless, fast black cot-
. -rr Tt TT 7 o O '"•"'•\u25a0 IT™^\ Jl I ton stocklngrs, medium and heavy
II '<S \u25a0 Vi/\/ Ti TT^J fIU fl TMI <Th° 4J\ \W^ 9 (dIVF/fli I weight, extra wide, long and elas-
11^ W llinilljlilini^r <&l JrC^&^H-Pll (Ul I Uc. with double knees!^ hfeels and
€> 'I toes; all sizes Sto 10. 15c pair, or
: . • -\u25a0 I 91.63 dozen pairs.
It is winning hundreds of new ] N t w 7*; 1 Hats » 75c to $1.75:
' It 10 winning uuiiuivuj vi ***. »» \u25a0 Ready-to-wear styles, simple, yet
fripnHc tn mrrvu/ith 11«; tn thP lIPW I extremely nobby; light weight telt
TllcnUb LU Cclliy Wllll U5 LU UIC IICW I hats> trimmed with a knot of rib-
LJ-Iq of /-vi-ck '\u25a0' I bon « sllk> Pompon or wing; In light
llalC oLUIC. , I gray, white, tan. black, brown and
- It's 1 the largest event we have J wKS; an color., 29c pair, second
ever- undertaken— an event the im- \ T ooth Brushes, 8c:
portance" of which thousands who - 2J£. eood brl3tles and plenty •«
have come this week have thor- f BS^saa^'^KlriliiS:
. ,' • 1 1 Hand Scrnbblns Brushes at 7ct With
ousfhly appreciated. polished backs.
' O / Xi 1 -,i »» !^ Toilet Ammonia at 8c bottle.
It s a sac with a reason and is c««tiie soap, 13c, for 12-mch bar.
11 o a oaiv vvuiitt iviw These in the drug store. Just Inside
continued to-day with all the torce the mam entrance.
• • , r-- j > u^^^4«r«,, /» rt « r 100-piece Dinner Set, $7.60:
and ener^v five days headway can of the best semi-porceiam. thm.
... ** J , perfectly clear, with pretty em-
OTJVP it - bossed designs, fancy new shape;
\u25a0 5 '\u25a0* . j « . enough for 12 persons. Third floor.
We;will have nearly double space washing Machine, $3.69:
• " \u25a0' \u25a0•'» S rrr / J J.J ~J "The Western," a new washinsr
in OUr neW StOrC We have doubled . machine. It will save Its cost In
'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 t < \u25a0•'\u25a0\u25a0"' ,j~~~. ~t 41.~* «-/•!*-,» saving time, let alone lightening
. / . many values in every section of this store labor . See it downstairs at «3.c».
) tA sell' as nearly as possible all p™* Mg^ic ib:
• .present: stocks now and quickly. [ iSiSe'SSiS 1 / &. iSSS'lt'lL
\u25a0'.••\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-- '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0.\u25a0See* what, it means to-day. We cJSSi anttie, isc P o«nd, a»-
have just whi .oered of a few things. other day ca^ « tra -
Every department is overflowing • &**<&
with building sale values. . TfrM^sm^js^^s*
\ Market St., Near Sixth, S. F.
L ' , /.. :. . V A
Only one more day of our
Sale of Girls' Wash Dresses
«
_ At one-half price
\u25a0f^jjffikt^jf Sizes 6 months to 14
MZ^ ' * n Edition we make
\iirnfc j^mT^viM special mention of one
J>)/ Jf* 9 " iwzf style in particular (see
dfl^L Jk&^^^x illustration). This
dress is made of good
>&&'\^ZJi][ «^^s^^V^ quality percale in gray, '.
gf^rr - F*" 1 " I &!£>*' tan, brown, black and
y\v V / /jftk white, blue dot and
'\u25a0"^4 1 / jßlk blue stripe; PURE .
B \l m^m*. linen sailor
i-m .-\u25a0 iw^ffilm COLLAR; full skirt
I'i'^^^^^^^piP^jß^:^^^^ with deep hem ; sizes
W r^lw^S W^ Regular Price $2.50 \u25a0
yiSfii^^^^^^ V^il) Over-Skirts for •
HL*;.-**... •; • r\*"vi#.*-&;*2 i !*t *~'* I Ci**V> 1 * **V *ff^w UIUC dllU. LMcICK CIuCK. •
Piilij 5 Ladies' Shirt- Waist. Suits
I' iwvlH W*II . In all over fifty suits— made of ; fijfured
tOS^IWIf \Wi| E^Kkam, in gray, tan, pink, black and white.'. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Obtained from
Cuticura
Soak the feet on retiring in a
strong, hot, creamy lather of
Cuticura Soap. Dry, and anoint
freely with Cuticura Ointment,
the great Skin Cure and purest
of emolKents. Bandage lightly
in old, soft cotton or linen. For
hching, burning, and scaly cc*
zema, rashes, inflammation, and
chafiing, for redness, roughness,
cracks, and fissures, with brittle,
shapeless nails, for tired, aching
muscles and joints, this treatment
is simply wonderful.
Complete extent] and internal BnmorCnre, eoviirtiix
c! Caticnr* 6>otp, Ointment, and MUi, ii ta'.i throughout
t»» world. Depot* : Locdor , 27 Chtrttrhooi* §q. ; JrirU,
i Bor it '» Piix; AnXr&IU, R. Tosn> tc Co., Sjir.tr.
Bofor, Potter Dn( * Oira. Corp., Po'.t Prop*.
«r Mii>d Fw*, " How to Cure Et«t Jluraor."
\u25a0T Q -D A V
MARKS BROS.
BigDayforßargains
Advance tc\\ Styles in Wool Walk-
ing Skirts. Like Cut.
• '/if ); rt wXVY -*^* • • -'
Mmm,WALK/A/G
\u25a0 Come ' In Kreen. . brown.' uxay and blue
mixtures. Entire . skirt made In- the new,
full-plaited effect. ' . '' ' '
75c Hind Bags.. 4uC
Come In 2 different styles. Some are
fitted* with card case and coin purse. Col-
ors black and- brown.
Closing out price .for Colored Lawn,
*m ff% Chambrav add \u25a0• f&
/ Oft Examine Waists f |J ft
I 111 1 in checked, fig- fl ,TJI|
I UU ured^tripedand \u25a0 W W
polka d:t effects.
Regularly sold for $J. 50, $2.00 and
$2.50/ Special to-day, 79c.'
$1.50 White Cam- QCp
brie Petticoats Vv«
" Made with deep -flounce, trimmed with
deep rufflp.of embroidery and . hemstitched
tucks. .'An" extra deep'dust ruffle.
25c Women's Aliovsr I Qn
Black Lace Hose lyv
Come with 'double heel and toe.' A .
20 c Extra Heavy Taf- 1 fl «
feta Wash Ribbon (uV
AH colors— 4 inches , wide.
Ask for oursi;23j CORSETS— in anj
Leading STY LE.'jflj- fl|f|
MAKE OR tHAPE. Jk| 8| SI
Your -hplce to-day . V \u25a0 J.W..
EOo DcuileWdih Chiffon Q flfl
(Yeilin^per yard . . v (Ju
\u25a0-. Come .in. all colors — 45 Inches wide.'. -
MARKS BROS^
-The Home for Honest. Values v
1220^1224 Maricet, St.