I he L.ail rnnts More Francisco
THE WEATHER.
:: f 3ti Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy
A'.-.ji. »~iTr>: licht ni»rthwe«t winds.
VOLUME XCIX— XO. 27.
ARMY SNOB
IS WITHOUT
DEFENDERS
— r-
Lieutenant Taylor
to Face Court
To-Day.
Must Answer for Hav
ing Snubbed Ser
geant in Theater.
Fellow Officers Refuse to
Associate With the
Offender.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26. — The social
•thics of the soldier will be the basis
oi a trial to-morrow, when Lieutenant
Roy 1. Taylor of live One Hundred and
Twenty-n'fth Company. Coast Artillery,
will be brought before a court-martial,
charged with having snubbed a ser-
Scant of his own company in a the
ater in New London, Conn. Colonel
Heiten will preside over the court and
Captain R. H. Mcilaster, commander of
the company, avJU be present, for it is
he who preferred the charges against
the young offlc-f.r. ;'..\u25a0%
Lieutcnan^ Taylor had not come to
- Governors Island to-day, where, at the
Officers' Club, there is always a hearty
wclc-orae for every army official, and
inquiry at the club elicited the infor
. mation that the officer was under a se
rious cloud because of his act and that
none oi. the Officers in the army post,
or even the hcadauartcrs of the De
partment of the East, had any sym
pathy for him Sn his present difficulty.
"»Ve consider an enlisted man," said
; a captain, "as one of us, and as long as
' h<j btftaves himself 'he is entttl«l~to onr
Igipect and polite treatment. If Lieu
tonant Taylor did what is charged it is
time that such snobbishness is driven
out ot the army. We have no desire to
create a military autocracy here, such
as exists in Ocrmany, for example."
Captain McMaster said the lieu
tenant changed his seat because a ser
peant was seatr-d near him in the the
_;iut. The sergeant has served five en
listments and has an honorable dis
charge for each. It is said that he is
one of the most popular men in the
COUGAR PLAYS WITH
SCHOOLBOY OF TEN
Follows Lad Nearly Half a
Mile. Occasionally Fond
ling- the Youngster.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BELLINGHAM, Dec. 25.-The 10-year-
Cld Eon of Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Glen is
confined to his bed in a state of collapse
Sis the result of an experience with a
large cougar while returning home from
echool last Friday. According to the
father of the boy, the child Is alive to
day probably because the animal was not
hungry. For a <ruarter of a mile the
creature followed the lad, purring and en
twining Its legs around his body, as a cat
playe with a kitten. Finally the huge cat
lagged behind a ehort distance and the
lad r»n toward his home and screamed.
His mother heard the cries, and with
broom in hand rushed to the child. She
was horrified at the eight of the cougar,
but mnking a daeh toward the animal she
frightened it away and hastened with the
boy to the house, where he Is still very
111 as a result of his terrible experience.
WEALTHY SPINSTER
WEDS A COACHMAN
iWill Share Fortune With
Former Driver for a
Livery Stable.
Sptdal DUpatoh t» Th« Oil.
ITHACA. N. T.. Dec. 26.— Miss Margaret
Bryson Fl6her, a wealthy maiden,
surprised her friends in Ithaca society
to-day 'by the announcement of her mar
riage last night to Patrick Thomas Kelly,
\u25a0whom she formerly employed as coach
man. The wedding was a quiet affair.
fteGned, well educated and the possessor
of a.' comfortable fortune estimated at
more than $100,000, Mies Fisher moved to
Ithaca about five years ago. Patrick
Kelly was driver for a livery stable until
the employed him. Several years of ser
vice grew into an ii:tima/e acquaintance
and resulted in an Infatuation which
brought the wealthy woman, now about
60 years old, to the altar with her coach
man.
BANQUETERS POISONED
BY POLITICAL FOES
Nine Killed and Many Made
ill by Plotters in
3lexico.
EL PASO, Tex., Dec. 26.— Further news
from Torreon, Mexico, where leading cit
izens were poisoned at' a banquet on Sat
urday night, says that nine are dead
y..r<\ many others ill and that the poieon
*lnj? was part of a political plot. Strych
nine was nut into a bowl of punch.
All the dead arc said to have been of
• one political faction. The members of
the oppoEinjf faction who attended the
banquet were not affected by the punch
they dnmk.
The San Francisco Call.
HEAVY LOSS
TO HOLDERS
OF SHARES
Will Save Nothing
From Walsh
Failure,
Associated Banks of
Chicago Own All
Assets.
Men Who Invested in the Fi
nancier's Concerns Are
Out Millions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26.— Chicago's Asso
ciated Banks are the absolute owners of
all the assets of the three Walsh institu
tions whose failure was announced one
week ago yesterday. They have agreed
in the selection of the First Trust and
Savings Bank as agent and trustee in the
sale of the assets and the dissolution of
the business of the Walsh institutions.
All stockholders In the Walsh banks will
lose everything they had Invested.
These are the secrets of a meeting at
which the bankers of Chicago in an all
right (session settled the fate of the Chi
cago National Bank and its fellow insti
tutions.
It is said to-day on the highest author
ity # that the stock holdings of all of
Walsh's followers are absolutely worth
leas. Not only this, but from the same
source it was learned that, the bankers
fear a big deficit in the closing of the
business ... of the Chicago ; National and
Home Savings banks and the Equitable
Trast Company. They will stand with
more than $5,000,000 at stake .when' the
last dollar shall have^een paid Walsh's
creditors. .. .-. -
Two agreements were signed by the in
terests at the big. meeting of bankers.
In one, carefully. concealed from -the pub-.
lie, the Associated Banks ' agreed to buy
all of the assets of the Walsh banks. In
the other the directors and big stockhold
ers under John R. Walsh agreed to . in
demnify the banks from any losses in
dosing the insolvent institutions. The lat
ter agreement was made extensive and
binding in its character.
The Chicago banks which have assumed
the liabilities of the Walsh institutions
have advanced to date, it is said, $14,225,
000, and have so far realized from the as
sets $G,555,000.
DAVID AND GOLIATH ;
STUNT UP TO DATE
Pebble Hurled by Boy Ends
Life of Seven-Foot
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Dec. 26.— Mitchell
Shadriok, a giant, seven feet in height,
was almost instantly killed near here
last night by an IS-year-old boy, Henry
Jonas, who brought him down with a
stone no larger than a walnut thrown
from a distance of forty feet.
Shadrlck had struck at a younger broth
er of Jonas and, it is said, had picked up
a club with the intention of assaulting
Henry Jonas. The boy picked up a small
stone andthrew it at the giant. It struck
him behind the left ear, and after run
ning about in a circle for several minutes
the man toppled over dead.
No coffin In Columbia was long enough
to contain the body of Shadrick, and it
was found necessary to make one to
order. ;;.v; ;.v
STARVING MAN EATS
PART OF OIL COAT
Only One of Crew of Seven
of Wrecked Vessel
Rescued.
TAMPA, Fla.. Dec. 26.— The three
masted Fchooner Sakata of Petersboro,
N t S., has been wrecked and its entire
crew of at least seven men drowned,
with the exception of Mate John F. Wil
liams of St. John. The drowned Include
John Colon, managing owner of the
schooner, and his son.
The wreck was reported by Captain
Lermond of the schooner Helen Thomas,
which arrived vat port to-day from Gal
veston. Captain Lermond . first sighted
the capsized schooner on December 23.
He sent a boat to the wreck. The men
found Mate Williams clinging to the ves
pel arid he had been without food or drink
for four days. Hunger had forced him
to eat a portion of hl« oil coat. The
wrecked schooner was bound for Havana.
POISONED CANDY SENT
TO CARNIVAL QUEEN
Attempt Made to Kill Miss
Elsie Smith of
Albany.
ALBANY, N. "Y., Dec. 26.— Miss Elsie
Smith, who was "Queen Titania" In
the Albany Halloween of
1904, to-day reported to the police that
she received through the mail yester
day a box of candy containing-poison.
The chocolate drops in the 'box had
been opened and the poison spread
within. A druggist who analyzed the
contents declared that, the candy con
tained enough Paris green and other
poisons to kill a. whole family.
Miss Smith believes the poison was
sent by a girl. Th« police and postofflce
authorities are investigating.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1905.
HAMILTON
GIVES OUT
NO NAMES
Lobbyist .Shields
New York Legis-
I jifnTof
Statement Sent From
Paris Is General •
in Scope.
"Judge" Practically Admits
Albany Law Makers '
Were Bribed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— For three and a
half hours to-day the members of the
house-cleaning committee jof the New
York Life Insurance Company had Presi
dent John A. McCall . before them while
they went over the report made by An
drew Hamilton, which was brought to
this country from Paris on Saturday by
young John C. McCall. The following
are the main features of the report: (
First— Hamilton admits that he may
owe the New York Life money, and that
his account with the company is "open,"
because of his failure to render a state
ment heretofore of all moneys he has re
ceived.
Second— He offers to place in escrow
$100,000 cash from his own private funds,
pending a final adjustment of his account.
Any sum which it may be decided he
owes the company is to be paid to the
New York Life out of the $100,000 fund.
Third— The Hamilton report is not' a
specific financial accounting/ He does not
give detailed facts about all the moneys
he received from the company or about
the payments he-made.
Fourth— Hamilton does- not give names
or reveal the identity of the persons to
whom he made payments. . : . ,
BRIBES FOR LEGISLATORS.
j Fifth— Hamilton asserts that, in con
nection with legislation in the Interest of
the New York Life," it was necessary for
him to make uayments to persons who
were not lawyers and that under no cir
cumstances would he reveal the names of
those persons. This was interpreted as
an 'admission that payments were made
to legislators or, to go-betweens who rep
resented members of the Legislature.
Sixth— The report consists chiefly of
presentations of reasons for the immense
payments which Hamilton alleges he
made out of the funds given to him by
President McCall. \
Because of the absence .of details the
house-cleaning committee summoned Mc-
Call to attend its meeting and r explain,
if possible, many gaps in the Hamilton
report. After the meeting there were
two conflicting reports of the attitude of
the commitee toward " McCall and the
Hamilton statement. One report had it
that the committee was not at all pleased
wlth_jjie Hamilton statement and kept
McCall on the grill for more than three
hours. The other was to the effect that
McCall was not treated in a hostile way"
by the committee and that it was very
well pleased with Hamilton's statement.
COMMITTEE XOT CHEERFUL.
If McCall had been grilled by the house
cleaning committee he showed no evi
dences of it. He was smiling and seem
ingly In fine spirits. He showed not the
slightest trace of his recent illness. The
house-cleaning committee, or some of its
members, did not appear to be so happy
when they left for their homes. Chair
man Fowler seemed disgruntled. He
would say only:'
"I cannot discuss Mr. Hamilton's re
port. I do not know when his report will
be presented to the Armstrong commit
tee. I have no knowledge on that sub->
ject whatever." -
President McCall said the Hamilton re
port probably would be handed to the
Armstrong committee to-morrow, but
possibly not until Thursday. .
BACHELORSVCLUB
COMES TO GRIEF
Funeral Rites Are Observed
When Organization
Disbands.
WATERLOO, 111.. Dec. 26.—The,'Glen
dale Club of Waterloo to-night gave a
funeral ball, which was largely attended,
and despite the fact that the hall was
draped in mourning there was no end of
gayety. t
The so-called funeral ball marks the
disbanding of the club, a bachelors' or
ganization, which has dwindled from a
flourishing membership to. only four
through death and marriage. .When It
was decided to disband funeral tltes were
agreed upon as appropriate. Invitations
were issued upon regulatkn mourning
cards. One woman fainted when she.re
ceived her invitation,' thinking, it an
nounced the death of an aunt who had
been seriously ill. ' ;
The four remaining, members of. the
club who gave the dance are William S.
Flske, president;. Albert Streck» vice. pres
ident; Roy -E. Gannon, secretary, and
Jacob Hess,' treasurer..
The dancing was begun at S o'clock and
continued- until a late hour, with a slight
intermission for -refreshments. At mid
night a great; bell which ,was swung in
the center of the hall-, tolled' four times
to : mark ; the passing, of i the [ club, and the
four, remaining, members : marched around
the hall to the solemn strains of a funeral
dirge.
Planx- International Strike.
ROME, Dec. 26.— M. ~ Payon, secre
tary of the French' Dock Workers'
Union, is traveling through Italy seek
ing the support; of Italians for fan in
ternational strlko of Cockmen. -
MITCHELL'S BUCKET-SHOP METHODS
COST HIS PATRONS $100,000.
\u25a0R. Brent Mitchell 's operations as a broker at 28 and JO New Montgomery street have resulted
disastrously to his patrons, who intrusted to Mitchell their money to be invested in bonds and stocks.
The coin is not in sight and the securities are not forthcoming. The losses are in six figures.
Former Lawyer Fails and His Doors Are
Now Closed as a Result of Bad
Business Principles. ,
Books Fail to Show All Facts About the
Financial Dealings and Receiver
Will Probably "Take Charge.
Stock speculators who have had
dealings with R. Brent Mitchell, stock
broker, at 28 New/ Montgomery street,
stand to lose, collectively, not less than
$100,000. Possibly the total loss may be
larger than that. The books appear to
be in such shape. that they convey no
accurate understanding of the assets
that Mitchell may have.
; The doors of the brokerage offices
were closed yesterday when Attorney
John A. Percy informed the creditors
that .Mitchell' was unable to meet his
obligations. Mitchell had not assigned
for the benefit of- his creditors. He
simply told his" friends /thaf.he could
not meet his liabilities.' Then Mr.
Percy, who was formerly associated
with him as a law partner, gave notice
to the creditors in the brokerage offices
on New Montgomery street. -
Then ensued much excitement. Only
a part of the creditors were present.
That Mitchell was in a bad way, finan
cially had been known to some for sev
eral days. Some of these dropped in to
see how things were going. When they
were notified, on authority of Mitchell,
through his attorney,- that the end of
his brokerage career, had arrived many
bitter words were said. Charles" Clark,
the bookkeeper, who had gone v away
earlier in - th«. day, leaving the keys
with Attorney Percy, 'was summoned
by telephone. •;:\u25a0 . . . \;-, ; ..." ; >•
When he -arrived he said, plainly, that
Mitchell had been .engaged In
-lng::_re<:ently.. .. This J^eans^that .when
sums of money were«put -ifcUi* broker's
hands to be sent East for investment
in certain stocks they, were; deposited
in the office safe or "elsewhere and the
broker took .chances, on. the market.
These chances went wrong and Mitch
ell was swamped.j The gathered cred
itors held a preliminary .meeting after
hearing this statement. James White
ly presided.. Attorney Percy was pres
ent. The bookkeeper was instructed to
make up a statement from the books
to be submitted at a meeting to be held
this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
BOOKS IN BAD SHAPE.
A"t the prescribed time a meeting will
take place, but there will be no com
plete statement. This was admitted by
Attorney Percy last evening. Percy
said that Clark, the bookkeeper, had
reported that the finances were attend
ed to by Mitchell., The money items
did not appear on the books. As a re
sult there was no immediate way to
learn' just how matters stood. Attorney
Percy believes that the creditors will
lose $100,000. When he was asked di
rectly it the amount might not be
larger; he said that he thought not. He
also said that he had no personal
knowledge of the business of Mitchell.
Probably at a meeting of the credit
ors to be held to-day steps will be
taken to have a receiver appointed to
take charge. An attempt will be made
to' have Mitchell present to explain to
his creditors. All day yesterday Mitch
ell was absent from his place of busi
ness. His attorney, and members of his
family said that he was utterly pros
trated and that he was confined to his
home on Pacific avenue, where he
could not see newspaper reporters or
make any statement.
James Whitoly, 'who presided at the
meeting of the creditors, said last even
ing that he had been, so far, unable to
"make head or tail" of Mitchell's af
fairs owing: to the condition of -the
books. Whitely is a creditor to some
amount, but declined to say how much.
Mitchell carried an account with a bro
kerage business with which Whitely
is , connected. About all that was de
cided by the creditors yesterday was
that stocks and bonds that Mitchell has
on hand 1 shall -be sold at the closing
prices of \u25a0 yesterday ; for the, benefit l of
those to whom he is Indebted and that
Mitchell shall give the power of attor
ney to his attorney or some other per
son to sign the transfers. .
BANK NOT INVOLVED.
A story was in circulation yesterday
that the Crocker- Wool worth National
Bank was one of Mitchell's: creditors.
He carried his account principally with
this bank. Last evening Cashier Wel
lington Gregg denied ; positively that
Mitchell; owed anything to the bank.
"On the contrary," said Mr. ;_ Gregg,
'"there is a small balance here to his
credit. I -cannot give the figures, but
the 'balancer is not large."
Mitchell probably \ first exhausted his
own resources before he engaged' in
bucketing. He was on the wrong side
of; the market. Losing heavily, he be
came desperate and took chances -with
the bucketing process. > When , he en
gaged. in ; the brokerage business ex
clusively he had a large sum of money.
From the Fair" estate "he had & fee ,'of
$80,000." It is reported: that while *he
was engaged in the ; practice of : law \u25a0he
made at least $60,000 ,by, speculating in
stocks, , which, added" to the fee that -he
had f rom the Fair .estate, and other
moneys, gave him: a strong financial
start.- , '\u25a0' . ; \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0 ''.\u25a0.\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0.:\u25a0-.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -.. • ' V -
He opened his .offices, in Mho Palace
Hotel \u25a0; block "and t f urnished them. sump r
tuously. . ; Sometimes I .he . was ; largely
ahead of the game while; ho was In, the
brokerage business;, on New Montgom
ery street.' ; Then' he ?;' had hard luck
spells, like. many brokers. HisUnanner,
was v ingratiating : and he j had/ a * large
acquaintance,*, and -'both 1 circumstances
served • to -draw to • him r speculators,' >.who
eagerly p'utithelr'dplllars :in|hlsjhands
for .^investment : in \ the ; stock ' market. >,
During the^ last week the real <situa-
tlon dawned upon some of Mitchell's
creditors and they demanded '. either
their money or^the stocks or bonds for
which their money was supposed to
be invested. Mitchell was evidently
troubled and. his face became anxious
and haggard. He went along as far
as he could, however. Then he called
Attorney Percy .and told him the gen
eral facts, the main one of which was
that his t business had collapsed. The
impression received by.^Mr. Percy was,
so he says, that Mitchell has nothing
left. That will be inquired into when
the creditors meet to-day. With the
appointment of • a receiver the first
step will be taken for an accounting.
Last night the books were in Mitch
ell's office and not directly In the cus
tody of the creditors.
CREDITORS AHE SUV.
The reluctance of business men to
admit that they are dabbling in the
stock market led to a general denial'
when questions were asked as to whom
the creditors were.. /- Attorney Percy
would not . give out,,' any names. He
«aid that lie had merely glanced [ over
the" books.. He thought that the out
side limit of any creditor's claim
would prove -not to' be in excess of
$10,000. , •";
• Bookkeeper Clark says that he
TORMER POLJTICIAK AND PROMINENT LJV.WTER, WHOSE DISASTROUS
FAILURE IN THE STOCK BROKERAGE BUSINESS WAS ANNOUNCED TO -
HIS CREDITORS AT HIS PL.ACB OF BUSINESS YESTERDAT. . ,' >
thinks that Mitchell has nothing left.
Mitchell really failed some time- ago.
He then went on with a bucket, shop
business. In some Instances he had
to produce: within a certain time the
stocks or bonds from the East. Tha
system left his creditors with very
little to - show to their credit.: They
are injured to about all they have put
in so far as the facts have developed.
/When Mitchell retired from the law
ho took into partnership in the
stock brokerage ...- business- Richard E.
Mulcahy. This partnership was dis
solved something more than a year
ago.
Stocks s have had an upward tend
ency \ lately. That was In favor ot
speculators on -the right aide. Mitohell
was probably short to a large amount .
and : took all ; the chances to . save him
self. Some . years ago . Mitchell was
prominently Identified .with the Buck
ley wing in the politics of San Fran-
Cisco.'} He became the' law partner of
William M. Pierson and both made
money. Mitchell: left the • law and
started the brokerage, business on a
simple : commission basis. If he had
adhered : to that plan he might have
succeeded.
Last .evening word was received
from Mitohell's- residence In' response
to a query- whether he would make a
statement that he was unable to so do
because of the' condition of his health.
It was. also added that possibly a
statement would be made for Mitchell
to-day.
Stookhroktnnr Firm Suspends.
The Pacific Grain V and Stock Ex
change, a small concern doing, business
at 4 ' Leidesdorff streeC suspended last
evening, hanging a notice on the door,
to the effect that the suspension was
caused by. the unusual market and
h>avy' demands. was -little stir
over" the. closing "*>f the^place. Some
one with the N establishment
was '.busy with the books for a few
minutes in the"; neighborhood of U
o'clock, .but there •was no : gathering
there of the owners or Investors.
=iThe 'failure was ;the' result of the
failure of.R.'B.'?Mitchell,YalarmeVrcred
itors making immediate demands 'when
prices 'were high^ and money was at. 40
per cen t- i n : New. York.'. • Jack ; O'Brien' is
the V. sole's factor ' in the Exchange .; and
he i is \ said to "have \ lost about-. $60,000.
Mitchell *- was playing \u25a0 indirectly ' in i the
shop..
ALCAZAR-r-"The Prince and ta»
Paur>«r."
ALHAMERA-> Fight for Love."
CALIFORNIA — "Broadway Gaiety
GlrU."
COLUMBIA — "The American Lord."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
GRAND — "Monna . Vanna." aiatlne*.
ORPHEUM — Vaudeville. Matinee.
TIVOLI — "Orpheus in Hades."
MAJESTIC— "It I Were King."
NEW CENTRAL— "Tha Eye Witness."
FOUR MONTHS
OLD BOY HAS
BABY SISTER
Second Child Is Born
116 Days After
the First
ALBANY, ;NY T..' Dec. 26.— Mrs. Alfred
Wlltseof 815 Central avenue, this city, is
the mother of a three-day-old daughter
which, she'inslsts, was born in 118 days,
or. less than four months, after she had
given birth. to a son. Her story is prac
tically; vouched for by Dr. George T.
Mosjer, a reputable physician who at
tended her. Both parents are a few
months over twenty- years of age. Dr.
Mosler said to-night that he believed the
woman's: story.- "
"The child is normal," he said, "and
I saw the other child, which is apparently
notV more \u25a0 than four months old. Mrs.
Wiltse told me that no physician at
tended the other birth and her only at
tendant was a woman with whom she
boarded, but whose present address she
does rot know. Mrs. Wiltse's mother-and
family vouch' for the truth of her story
and shared ln : . the 'surprise occasioned by
the phenomenon.": j
Ilisr Earthquake In Turkey.
BOSTON. Dec. 25. — The American
Board of >: Commissioners for Foreign
Missions*. to-day received a .cablegram
from "Constantinople announcing a se
vere earthquake'in the Harpoot. vilayet,
in Eastern \u25a0Turkey, -which" destroyed
many houses \u25a0. and : made many people
homeless and destitute.'. ' The > dispatch
adds Uaat relief is needed.
THE THEATERS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ARMY CAPTAiN
MAY BE GIVEN
A GENERALSHIP
Pershing Believed to
•Be Slated for
Promotion,
Special Dispatch to Tb» Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— Th» convic
tion'ls expressed among officers in th«
War : Department that President Roose
velt Intends to promot? Captain John J.
Pershinff of the Fifteenth Cavalry, whosa
borne is in Chicago, to a brigadier gen
eralship. This would Jump him over th»
heads of several hundred officers and gtv»
an . example of advancement by "selec
tion" which has no parallel In army an
nals, save In tho cases of Oonerala
Leonard Wood and Albert I* Mill*, whose,
promotions caused a flr» \u25a0of criticism.
Captain Farthing is a good offlcar md
his record of achievement In the Philip
pine Islands attracted the- attention of the
President. It was rumored a year a«o
that a promotion was awaiting the- Chi
cago man, but the fact that th» Senate
held up for so long a time the nomina
tions of Wood and Mills caused the- Pres
ident to hesitata to send In the nans of
tha cavalry captain, whose advancement
would mean tha Ijjnorinjr of all veterans
and hard fighters of three ranks Inter
vening between the grade of captain and
that of brigadier general.
In a recent dispatch -attention was
called to the fact that the Senate com
mitte on military affairs had three new
members, each of whom could be counted
upon to sanction any name the. President
might present for promotion. If Captain
Pershing's name be sent to the Senate,
the newly constituted committee un
doubtedly would approve it at once and
the fact that Senator Warren, th* new
chairman of the committee. Is the father
in-law/ of Captain Pershing probably
would not operate against the Chlcagoan.
SKVKHAI. >"E\V CHIXK*—
TOWXS OPEV.TO TRADE
Many Place* Added- to the Field far
Commerce In the • Far -
t! n* t .
LONDON. Dec. 27. — The Shanghai
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
says that the Chino-Japan treaty opens
the - following' towns . to trade: Fengr
wanscJiens. Lloyang, Sinmlntin. '. Tieh-
Ilng. t, Tunchangtai, Chansrtu, Fakomen,
Changchun, Hir in, Harbin. Hunchun,
Sansin, Tsltalhar. Hailar. Rlfttn and2
REVOLT AT MOSCOW CRUSHED BY LOYAL TROOPS
Regiments That Had Mutinied
Return to the Colors
Rising Fails Because of Wanton
Attacks Upon Soldiers.
Revolutionists Alienate Arm/yi
by Failing to Control Mob.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec 26. 11:53 p. m.
Emperor Nicholas and Count de Witte re
ceived to-night a report from General
DoubaSsoff, Governor General of Moscow,
saying that the revolt there had failed,
thkt the military had the situation In
hand and that whatever disaffection may
have existed among the troops had been
overcome by attacks on them with bombs
end revolvers; to which they had been
tub je: ted from the windows and roofs
of houses, and which had so enraged
them that they could hardly be re-
Btrained.
Although the rebellion may flare up im
mediately elsewhere and although there
Is an indication of an upheaval at Odessa,
if the attempt at armed rebellion in Mos
cow should be crushed the leaders of the
"reds" will receive a blow from which
thry cannot quickly recover.
Count de Witte is not so bllnu as to be
lieve that the revolution can be stamped
out. but with the present demonstration
of the lengths to which the revolutionists
will attempt to go he hopes that the mod
erates of ail classes will come to their
si rises and aid in counseling order and in
accelerating the convocation of the
Douma, the law governing the elections
to which was published to-day.
ItCBKL LEADERS CAPTURED.
Among the developments -here to-day
the most important was the capture of
the leaders of the "Fighting Legions,"
which it is believed ends the danger of an
attempt at an armed uprising in St.
'Petersburg. This capture, it is under
stood, places in the hands of the Govern
ment complete Information regarding rev
olutionary plans and the places where
arms are concealed, as well as disclosing
the weak spots in the army.
Police and troops surrounded and cap
tured all the members of the executive
committee while they were discussing
plans for an armed rising here. They
captured also the detailed "plans for the
rising, as well as large quantltes of arms,
bombs, etc. A man imed Schoolman
was at the head of the executive com
mittee, which numbered forty-seven mem
bers.
Shortly before 9 o'clock to-night a press
correspondent in Moscow telephoned that
there seemed to be no longer doubt that
the insurrection was collapsing. The in
surgents still held the Quadrangle, in
which the Workmen's Council was sitting
as a revolutionary committee, but only
-because Governor General Doubassoff
was not yet ready to give the coup de
grace. Firing continued intermittently
throughout the day. At 5 o'clock auto
matic guns were being used in Strastner
-square, but the Insurgents were becoming
"exhausted after their four days' efforts
and the fighting was rapidly degenerating
Into guerrilla warfare. The insurgents
\u25a0were defending'themselves with revolvers
and bombs as they were being hunted
down from house to house.
MOSCOW WOIIKMEX FLEEING.
• The correspondent said that the entire
.population of the city was terror-stricken
and that after dark the back streets pre
sented a weird and uncanny appearance.
As he drove to the telephone station he
Eaw only a few civilians, who were' slink
ing along by the side of the walls so as
to avoid the police and cavalry patrols,
who fired without challenging. The win
dows of the houses were stuffed with
mattresses and blankets and no lights
were shown. The police carried rifles,
with bayonets fixed.
General Doubassoff was enforcing
the most rigid martial law and no per
son was allowed on -the streets after 9
o'clock at night. About one-third of
the workmen had left the city and
were traveling on foot to the villages,
som« of which are hundreds of miles
distant.
Among the lower classes, which do
not sympathize with the desire to
overthrow the Emperor, the feeling
was becoming intense and in many
cases strikers had been beaten to
death. The correspondent predicted
that the crushing of the rebellion was
likely to be followed by the most hor
rible atrocities if the "Black Hundred "
were let loose. - — -
Governor General Doubassoff. un
known to the public, is directing the
campaign from his headquarters in
the Metropolitan Hotel, which is bar-
DX. PIERCES REMEDIES.
A Trite Saying.
It is a trite saying that no man is
itronger than his stomach. Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery strengthens
.the stomach— puts it in shape, to make
Eire, rich blood— helps the liver and
dnfiys to expel the poisons from the
body and thus cures both liver and kid-
ney troubles. If you take this natural
.blood purifier and tonic, you will assist
.your system in manufacturing each day
a pint of rich, red blood, that is invigo-
. rating to the brain and nerres. The
.weak, nervous, run-down, debilitated
.condition which so many people suffer
from, is usuall) tf*e effect of poisons In
the blood; it is often Indicated by pimples
,or. bolls appearing on the 6kin, the face
become thin and the feelings "blue."
Dr. Pierces "Discovery" cures all blood
hninors as well as being a tonic that
makes one vigorous, strong and forceful.
It is the only medicine put up for sale
1 through druggists for like purposes that
contains neither alcohol nor harmful
habit-forming drugs, and the only one,
every Ingredient of which has the profes-
sional endorsement of the leading medical
writer?, of this country. Somo of these
endorsements are published in a little
book of extracts from standard medical
works and will be sent to any address
free, en receipt of request therefor by
letter or postal card, addressed to Dr. R.
V. Pierce. Buffalo, N. Y. It tells just
what Dr. Pierces medicines are made of.
The \u25a0 Words of Praise \u25a0 for the several
ingredients of which Dr. Pierces medi-
cines are composed, by leaders in all the
several schools of medical practice, and
recommending them for the cure of the
diseases for which the "Golden Medical
Discovery " is advised, should have far
more weight with tbe sick and afflicted
than any amount of the so-called "testi-
monials" so conspicuously flaunted before
the public by those who are afraid to let
tbe ingredients of which their medicines
ere composed be known. . Bear in mind
that the f Golden Medical Discovery " has
the badge of HosEOTr on every bottle
wrapper, in a full list, of its ingredients.
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation, invigorate the liver and regu-
late stomach and, bowels.
Dr. Pierces great thousand-page flics-
trated Common - Sense Medical \u25a0 Adviser
will be Pent free, paper-bonnd, for 21 one-
cent stam ps, or cloth-bound for 31 stamps.
Address Pr. Pjexoe as above. .. . :• \u0084
ricaded and defended. _ by. .-machine
guns. ', -V:
TUOOPS PROTECT AMERICANS.
The concentration "of thY troops in
the city to fight the insurgents al
lowed the strikers and revolutionaries
a free hand in neighboring industrial
towns like Perovo and Lubertzi. " 'ln
the former place 300 armed men were
sent to reinforce- the" "insurgents and
at Lobertzi . the , situation . became, so
threatening that Vice President Purdy
of the New York Air Brake Company,
the works of which are in that town
and are valued at $1;000.000. sent ah
urgent message to the Governor Gen
eral to-day, through the American
Consul, appealing for the protection of
the property and of the 100 Americans
\u25a0who are employed there.
General Doubassoff promptly dis
patched a squadron of dragoons and
this fact is considered as the best
proof that he is confident he has the
situation in hand.
XO MERCY SHOWN REBELS.
PatroU Fire Upon Every Group That
Gathers In Streets.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 26.— A press
correspondent, telephoning from Moscow,
says that he saw the patrols "firing every
time the people gathered in groups. In
the Strastonol boulevard he saw three
volleys fired and a dozen persons fall,
while the remainder fled. He met a
dozen Improvised Red Cross wagons
bringing in "dead or wounded, for whom
there was no longer a place in the
morgues or, hospitals, necessitating the
temporary üße of residences.
All over the city there are marks of the
battle which has raged in the streets for
three days, and the distant booming of
cannon shows that the fighting is not yet
at an end. Houses have been completely
demolished by the artillery . and every
where windows have been smashed by
bullets. Governor Doubassoff has pro
hibited the opening of windows.
The better classes are afraid to ven
ture on the streets, owing to the fact
that numerous bombs and other deadly
missiles are being thrown from the win
dows cr roofs of houses.
Near the triumphal arch could be seen
to-t 1 the red flags of the Insurgents
flyi. übove their barricades.
Sojiiers surrounded the Continental Ho
tel and artillery was brought up, as it
was claimed that a shot .had been fired
from one of the windows. It was with
difficulty that the landlord persuaded the
troops not to demolish the building.
As t the correspondent entered the tele
phone exchange a few minutes ago he
saw two agitators shot by a passing pa
trol. Artillery could be heard at work
near the Nicholas station.
Two attempts on the life of the Prefect
of Police by Btudents, one of them a' wo
man, were frustrated. The students were
arrested.
The Bourse Gazette says it is reported
that General Dedioulln, Prefect of Police
of- St. Petersburg, has been informed by
telephone ' that - the number of "dead or
wounded at Moscow Is 10,000.
MONDAY'S FIGHTING IN MOSCOW.
Revolutionist Gunners Bombard the
Nlcbolal Station.
MOSCOW, Monday. Dec. 25. — The in
surgents attacked both the Kazan and
Nicholai railroad stations to-day and a
lively fusillade ensued between* the
mob and the troops occupying the sta
tions
Three -hundred revolutionary militia
iuen arrived here by special train
fiom Perovo, on the Moscow-Kazan
line, this morning, and a crowd of
2000 strikers, including several hundred
local militia men, joined the new ar
rivals outside the Kazan station. The
combined force seized an adjoining
provision store, whence it opened fire
on the troops posted In the station. The
latter replied, and after a couple of
hours' brisk exchange of shots* the
building held by the mob was set on
fire and burned.
Meanwhile the revolutionists had
bombarded the Nicholai ' station from
the workshops of the ' Yaroslav Rail
road, a detachment of Grenadiers on
the roof of the Nicholai station return
ing the fire.
The stations at Pervero and Lluberby
are in the hands of the insurgents and
red flaps are flying from the build
ings. .
3LKCTORAL LAW GAZETTED.
Cabinet Refuses to Grant Immediate
General Suffrage.
St. PETERSBURG. Dec. 26.— The new
electoral law was gazetted to-day and
was accompanied by a statement ex
plaining that in view of the fact that
even some of the Western countries do
not possess universal suffrage, the Cab
inet could not assume the responsibility
of decreeing it. The ultimate decision
musK be made by the National Assem
bly itself. The election list will be
published forthwith; the date of the
elections will then be announced and
as soon as the. Government receives
notification that half the members. are
elected .the National Assembly will be
convoked. . . ', \u25a0 '"., t .
The extension of the suffrage pro
claimed to-day applies especially to the
cities, where It is made almost uni
versal.
ARMED RISING THREATENED.
Revolutionists In Warsnir May Follow
the Lead of Moscow.
WARSAW, Russian Poland, Dec. 26.
The .street railway company employes
struck to-night and the employes of
the steam railroad are expected to foi
low. The revolutionists are threaten
ing armed insurrection, similar to that
at Moscow. .The military authorities
are making preparation and have or
dered the entire garrison to be. ready
for an emergency. Detachments of in
fantry occupy the railroad stations.
The authorities have arrested many
members of the trades unions' and a
number of revolutionaries., .
Odesna Strike May Collapse.
LONDON, Dec. 26.— A dispatch to 'a
news agency from Odessa says that
the strike there is only partially suc
cessful and ,that probably, it, will , col
lapse. The strike committee is threat
ening to resort- to arms, and "the Gov
ernor General has . announced;that.ihe
will use. drastic measures. 'It is said
that while the peopleofoOdessaare to
a state of nervous tension the city in
general..!?. ;'] .'* •;. - \u25a0\u25a0':, ;;.-.: e^.'-^rjj
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1905.
RUSSIAN STRIKE
SEEMS ON VERGE
OF A COLLAPSE
Failure of Moscow Rising a Hard Blow
to the Leaders of the Revo
lutionary Movement.
MOB NO MATCH FOR THE TROOPS
( ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 26.— From the
standpoint of the Government there was
a Blight improvement in the outlook this
afternoon. Notwithstanding the decision
of the Workmen's Council to continue the
strike, many of the strikers broke-away,
Including about one-third of the Employes
of the^ Putiloff works, several hundreds
in* diheffactories arid portions of the mill
men.- It Is evident- that the leaders must
precipitato matters or the strike will go
tb pieces. From the standpoint of the
leaders all now depends on the situation
at Moscow.
A telephone message just received from
Moscow says the righting in the streets
continued throughout the day, but the
populace is not participating and the
troops are gradually getting the upper
hand. The soldiers are hemming In the
main body of the insurgents in the quad
rilateral • near the Brest railroad station
bounded by Tverskaia street and the
Tverskol, Sadovia and Bronnia boule
vards. In this quadrilateral the insur
gents have fortified every inch of > their
lines with felled trees, telegraph poles
and street cars, in front of which they
have constructed a network of entangle
ments. Artillery is being used mercilessly.
TROOPS. RETURX TO THECOLOHS.
Two of the four grenadier regiments
have returned to duty and are fighting
on the side of the Government. Troops
also have arrived from St. Petersburg.
• The fires which destroyed the Brest,
railroad station and other places last
night have been practically extinguished,
and the danger of destruction of the city
by fire seems to be over for the present.
An official dispatch from Moscow says:
"At every point the troops have easily
been victorious. Fighting, in which quick
firing guns and other artillery were used,
progressed for two hours on December
23. The casualties of the insurgents are
said to have been heavy. On Saturday
night and Sunday morning the city was
quiet. On Sunday forenoon, however, the
artillery was again active at tha Brest
railroad station. The inner town is per
fectly quiet." ,',, "'»*' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.'-, '\u25a0-'. '';.]:
STUDENTS FORM REBEL. ARMY.
The Slovo to-day says that the leaders
of the revolutionary army at Moscow are
mostly students of Kieff, Kharkoff and
Odessa, among whom are many Jews.
The military hold the center of Moscow
and apparently are awaiting reinforce
ments, which are reported to be on the
way to Moscow from all directions, some
of the troops marching overland. "\u25a0 \u25a0 :
::Four regiments of dragoons from War
saw * have started \u25a0 bya rail for Moscow,
but have not yet arrived there. The
Government is finding great difficulty in
dispatching a sufficient force to the dis
turbed city, it being dangerous to with
draw the troops from other places, most
of the available men having already been
sent to cope with . the* revolt in the Baltic
provinces.
The revolutionists hold the outskirts
of Moscow. A thousand men are working
night and day at the barricades, some of
which are - described as marvels of
strength. Trenches have been dug and
wire entanglements have been erected in
front of the defenses, which extend for
blocks and are impenetrable, even against
artillery.
HUNDREDS PERISH IX FIRE.
A terrible holocaust occurred !at the
Sytln Works, where 6000 workmen were
suddenly surrounded by cavalry and artil
lery. The latter fired at the building,
which was soon In flames. Hundreds per
ished in the conflagration.
It is definitely established that the revo
lutionists have six automatic guns.
Governor General Doubassoff has taken
rigorous measures to discover concealed
arms, holding owners of houses responsi
ble and ordering the confiscation of all
property where the presence of arms or
bombs is disclosed.
The gates of? the Tartar City, which
surrounds the Kremlin of Moscow, where
millions in church treasure is stored, have
been closed and' troops and machine guns
have been stationed on the walls.
Prince Tcherbatoff's "Black • Hundred"
militia l»ave been armed by Governor
General Doubassoff" and" terrible reprisals
on the revolutionists are expected If the
revolution be crushed.
Even the banks in the heart of Moscow
remained closed yesterday.
HOSPITALS ARE OVERFLOWING i
Yesterday's fighting at Moscow oc
curred mestly at some distance from the
center of the city. The revolutionists
abandoned the Tverskaia thoroughfare;
as it is too easily swept by artillery, and
concentrated their forces In the narrow,
winding streets of : the commercial quar
ter, where the shops were closed and oc
cupied by the military. * l
The~ mortuaries at Moscow are' filled
with the dead, the hospitals are unable
to find room for the wounded and many
private houses are crowded with wounded
persons. \u25a0 • \u25a0 •
The militia organized by Governor Gen
eral Doubassoff has' commenced' ita du
ties, under the direction of the police.'
Many houses and other buildings from
which the revolutionists- ythrew' -bombs
were demolished by the artillery. ' The nu->
inerouß flrea which 'occurred at different
points throughout Moscow illuminated the
sky last night. ;• '\u25a0>',' ,-•.- v i
FRANCE SENDING WARSHIPS.
Vessels "Will Cruise In the Vicinity- of
Russian Waters.
\u25a0 BREST, France, Dec- 2 6.-J-The gun
boat Cassini sailed at 4 o'clock this
afternoon, "on ,a confidential mission."
Commander Schwerer of the Cassini
has sealed orders which will not be"
opened until- the vessel is twenty miles
at sea. -
PARIS, Dec. 26. — The orders -to a'
portion of the French northern squa
dron to make hasty preparations to de
part for the North Sea and Copenhagen,
the ultimate destination of the war
ships not: being idisclosed,. were un
doubtedly Issued as a precautionary
measure so-as to have. French^ships,
available for service In Russian waters
Incase of . emergency. .The .Christmas
leaves of absence ' of all the , officers and
men were hurriedly' concluded .and,. a
large extra force of workmen .was enV
gaged to complete their equipment,
provisioning and; coaling. , . \
EOTEIIOR IS NOT HOPELESS.
Believes ~ Government ,_ Will ; -. Emtrge
From the Present : Crisis.
BERLIN, ' Dec. .-j 27.— The Tageblatt
says , it learns • f rom ' a. diplomatic; source
that :. William*.- has-:' received
from • Emperor; Nicholas «•« • telegram ; of
thanks- for \u25a0\u25a0 his , congratulations •; on ; the
Rxussian^Empfiror'fl aame. ; d*y,} Ux.whlch
the latter referred hopefully to the
present situation in "Russia, saying:
\u25a0 "We are going through trying times.
Still I hope that this severe crisis will
soon be passed without inflicting irre
parable damage on the country."
The paper's informant denies that
Emperor Nicholas disagrees with tho
members of his Cabinet regarding the
question of universal suffrage. He
says that his Majesty Is in full har
mony with Count de Witte- on that
question, but that the imperial douma
will have the prerogative of deciding
on the reform of suffrage.
FIGHTING IN ST. PETERSBURG.
Frequent Encounters Between Work
lngmen and Soldiers, •/, \u25a0-\u25a0>*'-.:,
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 26.— The
Workmen's Council to-day decided to
take the most energetic action toward
workmen who refuse to join the strike.
Three hundred workmen who were
organizing a "red flag" procession
were arrested.. Encounters between
workmen and troops occurred in vari
ous sections of the city. .".,;>\u25a0-• x
The revolutionary leaders in St.
Petersburg, who on Sunday, decided
that it was absolutely necessary to pre
cipitate an immediate conflict here as
a diversion in favor of the revolution
aries .at Moscow, reconsidered their de
cision last night, on the ground that it
would be sheer murder to send the
proletariat Into the streets. Neverthe
less, they voted to continue the strike
,and to use every means to force out
all the workmen.
STARVING PEASANTS SEIZE TRAINS
Entire ; Population In Central and
Southern Russia In Revolt.
PARIS, Dec. 27. — The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Petit Parisien re
ports that Tver, one of the principal
stations between Moscow and St.
Petersburg, has fallen into the hands
of the revolutionists.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Matin says that a French engineer
who has arrived from Baku, after
traversing most of Central and South
ern- Russia, declares that^the whole
population is in revolt and" that starv
ing peasants are seizing trainloads of
flour. \u25a0 '
Troops Pursue Pillaging- Letts.
PSKOFK, Northwest Russia, Dec. 26.
Armed Letts, who crossed the. line of
the railway between St. Petersburg and
Berlin at Redjitzd, after burning and
pillaging estates' and tearing .down
Images and Other 'sacred 'relics^ ln'.the
churches, retreated 'to the eastward/
Troops from St. Petersburg are pur
suing' them.
ENORMOUS BOND ISSUE.
It iiNsla to Put Out Treasury Paper to
the Extent of 9800,000,000.
LONDON, Dec. 27.— A dispatch to a
news agency from St. Petersburg says
that the. Minister of Finance has
authorized the Issuance of short treas
ury bonds to the extent of $800,000,000.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Daily Telegraph says that letters
addressed in the same handwriting to
Count de Witte, General Trepoff and
Interior Minister Durnovo exploded
while being carefully opened in the
general postofflce.
The same correspondent says that in
financial circles it is considered that
tho . new Government Issue, of treasury
bonds is an excellent device to retain
gold in the country.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Times, in a dfspatch dated Decem
ber 26. says:
"Governor General Doubassoff. tele
graphing yesterday, reported that
15,000 persons had been killed or
wounded in Moscow.
, "The latest news from Moscow says
that the First Regiment of Don Cos
sacks, the Tver Dragoons and the
Mesvizh Regiment of Infantry mu
tinied and are confined to their bar
racks.
"I am informed from a good source
that 2000 persons were killed and
10,000 wounded. The revolutionaries
are making no headway, but they
show no signs of exhaustion.",
The same correspondent adds that
the locomotive of an incoming express
was blown up at Vlln'a on Tuesday
night. :i ;:••\u25a0\u25a0
LONDON'S PAUPER ROLL
SHOWS BIG INCREASE
Number of People la Workhouum
Greater Than for Forty Years
LONDON, Dec. 26.— Official figures
relating •to the poor- of | London show
that the number :ln receipt of , pauper
relief in nearly every, month of the
year now ending has been greater s than.
in any of the previous forty years com
prised in the returns, with' the excep
tion of the period from 1867 to 1871. The
ratio of paupers-per 1000 of population
has been higher in most of the months
of this year. than in any previous year
since 1874.
.-Not : only! has there been a remark
able increase In outdoor relief, but the
rise in the numbers' •entering 1 work
houses has continued. In no year of
the history of the poor law has the
population in- the workhouses been
greater for December. •' •
SUES MAN WHO CAUSED HIS
ARREST FOR; 91(1,000 DAMAGES
Contractor Acquitted of Charge of
Larceny Waut.i Salve for Injured "'.
' \u25a0 Reputation.*
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. -26.^-0. L.
Edinger this .afternoon filed a suit for
$10,000 damages against James Carroll,
a wealthy; property 'owner of Needles.
Edinger alleges, that his reputation has
been damaged jto the extent' of the sum
demanded by ; reason'; of„false'imprison
ment' on a charge ; of ; petty larceny : pre
ferred by Carroll arid ;of which he was
adjudged innocent; by* a Juryjin the
Justice's Court at" Needles.:; Edinger is
a contractor ' and builder who .: is at
present: residing at; Santa Monica., -\u25a0'. He
brings, a separate suit for $550, .which
he alleges is owing him by Carroll for
wages. • '
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take ';. LAXATIVE BROMO ; Quinine ; Tablets.
Druftglßtß • refund - money - if ; it ". falls ito cure.
E. W. GROVE'S signature is on each box.' 2sc. •
CANNON TAKES
HOPEFUL VIEW
Speaker of the House of the
Opinion That Country Is
Not Going to the Dogs
BETTER THAN BEFORE
"Uncle Joe" 'Declares Nation
,1s Healthier Than in the
Old Days of the Republic
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— Speaker
Cannon was one of the callers at the
White House to-day. , He desired sim
ply to pay his Christmas. greetings to
the President, but was obliged to defer
them, as the President had gone to the
country for a long horseback ride.
The Speaker was in excellent spirits
and talked wit.h.hls newspaper friends
in a characteristic way. He said:
They say things are not now like they were
In the old days; that we are becoming aristo
crats; that there is no longer honesty in legis
lative bodies; that there is no ability at the
bar; that we are liable to become a monarchy;
that some strong man is liable to rise up and
dominate everybody.
But I say that there Is no fair-minded man
who studies the history of this country from
the days of its foundation down to the pres
ent time and who deduces the difference be
tween eight millions of people- and eighty .mil
lions, who considers the telegraph, telephone
and railroads, who will cot 'say we are mark
edly better physically, mentally and morally
than our grandfathers or even our fathers.
' "Then you believe the House of Rep
resentatives is just as representative
as it was in years gone by?"
Yes; yes. indeed.' The house Is Just as rep
resentative a body now as It was when this
country had only ten millions of people. If
you listen to all that Is said you might believe
the country Is fast going to the devil, is fast
becoming a monarchy and will cease soon to be
a republic. Why, I heard that same kind of
talk when I was a boy, when we used to
gather at camp meetings. They used to tell
us that things were not what they were In
"the good oid days." You hear th« same
things now — that the country Is retrograding:
that everybody is corrupt and dishonest; that
there Is wholesale immorality. I do not hesi
tate to assert that thla country is better to
day than it ever was in Its history; that the
people are better — more honest, more moral and
less disposed to yield to temptations that are
put in front of honest men at every turn.
The people are Just as mighty now in the
matter of elections as ever before, and Just a3
discriminating as to whether a man has done
hia duty. Xo man ever gets so big that he
cannot easily be wiped off the political map.
And how quickly the people do it, too! They
settle a man so quickly that he la soon for
gotten. /
I venture the prediction that few of the best
men In the country could sit down to-day and
give offhand the nam«s of 100 men who have
helped to make history in the House of Repre
sentatives." Tha "others were defeated and for
gotten and that was the «nd. There was Wil
liam J. Brown, who put -through the House
the appropriation of $30,000 to build the first
telegraph line between Washington and Balti
more. He did the world an Immense service,
yet at the ! next . election afterward he. received
hardly enough votes to count. The opposition
put up a man who ridiculed the Idea of send
ing messages by "lightning." and he beat
Brown thousands of votes. So it is to-day, al
though a man's' services now are not so easily
forgotten. .V,,- 7
Undoubtedly we are better off than our fore
fathers. The millennium is not here, it Is
true, and things will not be a- bit Interesting
when everything becomes perfect. We are do
ing better, though..
PBENCH NATAL PLANS
MAY HAVE LEAKED
Evidence Found Against Pet
ty Officers and Arrests
Will Follow.
TOULON, France. Dec. 26. — Several
arrests of non-commis'sloned officers of
the navy are Impending owing to the
discovery at their domiciles of detailed
plans of the new battleships and sub
marine boats. This, It Is expected, will
solve the mystery 'of the disappear
ance of the plans of the .submarine
boat Algretta, of which vessel a dupli
cate has been constructed In Germany,
supposedly from the French plans.
PARIS, Dec. 26. — The assize court of
the Seine was crowded to-day at the
opening of the trial of twenty-eight
members of an anti-military organiza
tion accused of inciting: recruits to
disloyalty and insurrection. The pris
oners include one woman. Mile. Nu
mletska, and Gustave Herve, a prom
inent anti-military agitator. The chief
charge against the prisoners is the"is
suance of a circular to the recruits in
October last counseling resistance to
their officers and a united insurrec
tionary movement.
INTERNATIONAL CONGRESS
ON MUNICIPAL METHODS
Plan : Set on Foot (or Conference by
Chairman of' London County-
Council.
LONDON. Dec. 26.— Sir Edwin Corn
wall, chairman of the London County
Council, to-day Issued to the press a
proposal for an international congress
of representatives of capitals having
over 500,000 population to meet annual
tly for the discussion of municipal
'methods. Sir Edwin says he is en
couraged to make this suggestion by
the good results following the* recent
exchange of amenities between the
London Council and the Paris Council.
In conjunction with. this congress he
also proposes an exchange of pupils be
tween the schools controlled by the
municipalities holding membership in
the congress.
FORTY DOLLAR VERDICT
FOR BREACH OF PROMISE
Woman of Sixty Is \ - Avenged Upon
. a ' Recalcitrant , Lover of
Seventy.
WAUKESHA r Wis., Pec. 26.— A ver
dict of $40 for breach"", of promise was
given ; Barbara Miller by a jury In the
Circuit Court to-day.
Barbara Miller brought suit against
John Schuster, , "alleging breach of
promise. * She set forth in her com
plaint that, because of the defendant's
broken word, she had suffered great
mental pain and -anguish and asked
that damages of $1000 be awarded her.
' The • plaintiff is a woman \ more than
60 years, of age ; and the defendant Is
more than ,70. •
GAYNOR-GREENE INFLUENCE
IS POWERFUL IN CANADA
Official Who y Issued ' Requisitions (or
•the American ; Fugitives Is
Removed.
.5 < MONTREAL. Dec." 2 6.— Ulric La Fon
taine, Police' Judge, has been dismissed
from the ' position ' as Extradition Com
missioner by.vthe;. Dominion" Govern
ment, f La Fontaine Issued writs of ex
tradition in many cases, - among - them
beings the .'Gaynor-Greene. proceedings.
It was said when- this .case was being
heard that La. .; Fontaine had. incurred
tbe enmity of powerful political friends
of the law firm- which represented the
American contractors. \u0084
MENTALLY \u25a0 AFFXiICTKD_ PHY
SICIAN. WHOSE SUFFERINGS
YESTERDAY ENDED BY DEATH.
DEATH'S CALL
ANSWERED BY
FRUIT SHIPPER
STOCKTON, Dec 26.— James A. An
derson, a well-known fruit shipper of
Lodi, died suddenly at . 6 o'clock this
evening. He fell in a faint as he en
tered his residence grounds, while on hlis
way to his evening meal. The barking of
his dog attracted the attention of his
family and he was cared for by a physi
cian and soon recovered consciousness
and related his experience. Suddenly and
within thirty minutes after the first at
tack he ceased speaking and expired. He
was an old resident of Lodi and had been
prominent and successful as an inde
pendent fruit shipper.
VETERAN i PILOT DEAD.
Captain Edwnrdu Suddenly Expires
While Conversing With
Friends.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Dec. 26.— W. F.
Edwards, a pilot on the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company's steamer Al-Kl.
dropped dead at Ketchikan last Sunday
morning, according to advices received
from Skagway to-day. Edwards had
stepped ashore from the vessel, in
tending to visit some friends in the
wharf office. While sitting in. a chair
he suddenly expired. The remains will
be brought* south on the vessel. Captain
Edwards had been on the. Pacific Coast
for the last forty years. He had been
pilot on many vessels of the fleet of tho
Pacific Coast Steamship Company. At
one time he was master of the Tacoma
fishing steamer Edith, and . the old
steamer Humboldt. He was about 60
years of age and well known in marine
circles, both in this city and San Fran
cisco. He leaves a widow and chilaren
In Seattle.
Professor Wlckson's Father Dead.
BERKELEY. , Dec. 26. — George Q.
Wickson Sr.. father of E. G. Wickson
of the agricultural department of the
University of California, passed away
Christmas day -at hia home, 2723 Ban
croft way. He was 84 years of age.
Besides Professor Wickson two other
children, .George Q. Wickson and Fan
nie A. Allworth, survive. The funeral
will be held to-morrow at 10:30 o'clock
from the late residence. The interment
will be private.
Pioneer Aeent Answers Call.
AUBURN, Dec. 26.— W. F. Wlldman,
who for twenty-five years was In
charge of the Southern Pacific station
in this city, died this afternoon, after
three weeks' sickness of pleuro pneu
monia. He was born In Sutte'r Creek
fifty years ago. He was a City Trustee
for v number of years. A widow, a son
and a daughter survive him.
Liveryman Drops Dead.
FRESNO, Dec. 26.— F. W. Peckham,
a member of a pioneer family, dropped
dead in H. Thorwaldson's front yard
at \u25a0 6:40 , o'clock this evening. Peck
ham was a livery -and feed stable pro
prietor and ranch owner of Los Banos.
He was a nephew of Judge Peckham
of San Jose. '
Pioneer OH Man Dies.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 26. — Solomon
Jewett, president of the Kern Vallby
Bank and one of the pioneer oil men
of this county, died at his home in this
city to-day. Mr. Jewett was Interest
ed in the Blodgett and Jewett oil fields
near Sunset, j
Veteran of Sumter Dead.
BIBMINGHAM. Ala., Dec. 26.— Major
James C Lacoste, a Confederate vet
eran, who took a prominent part in the
firing of the first guns at Fort Sum
ter, died here to-day. He was 65 years
of age.
Dies Ann? From Her Home.
STOCKTON, Dec. 26.— Miss Edna
Powell of - Berkeley, a young woman
who was visiting her brother, Dr. Bar
ton J. Powell, und family here,' became
ill to-day and died this afternoon.
Heart trouble caused her death.
Death of General Campbell.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— The mili
tary secretary of the army has been
informed of the "death yesterday at
Cold Springs,. N.-Y., /of Brigadier Gen
eral John Campbell, ,U. S. A., retired,
after undergoing an operation. .'.
Charged With Manslaughter.
VISALIA, Dec. 26.— A Coroner's jury
this afternoon charged Cy Streeter
with manslaughter. He knocked
James Wade down on Christmas 'day
and the fall, caused a fatal fracture of
Wade's skull.. Streeter; had been
drinking and picked a fight with Wade
over a game of cards.
DR. LOGAN IS
FROM EXPOSURE
Escapes From Parents Who
Were Guarding: Him and
Death Ends His Sad Life
WANDEES IN STREETS
Flees Home When Father
and Mother Are Diverted
by Accidental Asphyxiation.
Dr. Milburn H. Logan, the insane man
who was discovered early last JFriday j
morning by Sergeant of Police D. W.
Boyd wandering' on Stanyan street clad
only In his underclothes, died at 4:30
o'clock yesterday morntrig \u25a0at the home
of his parents. Mr. and Mrs. James I.
Logan. 25SS Pine street, from the effects
of the exposure. Dr. Logan at one time
was a well-known physician of this city.
Two years ago his mind gave way and he
was confined In the State Asylum at Ag
new. After- remaining there seven
months he was turned over to the charge
of his father as partially cured. He has
since \u25a0 then been cared for by his aged
parents.
The unfortunate man managed to es
cape Friday morning because of an accl
' dent vhicb, overtook the entire family
Tuesday evening. Through the bursting
of a gas pipe all the members of the
family were almost asphyxiated. In the
confusion- that followed the insane pa
'< tient escaped. For three nights and days
following the accident the aged parents
of the deranged man had alternately
, watched by his bedside, but in the ter
n! porary absence of both he stole from the
dwelling at 1 a. m.
The funeral will ' take place on Friday
and the remains will be Interred in th©
family plat at" St. Helena. ' The funeral
will ibe conducted by the Masons, of
which order Dr. Logan had been a pr- n
lnent and esteemed member. He was a
Knight Templar and a member of Cali
fornia Lodge No. 1 of the Free and Ac
cepted Masons. Dr. Logan at one time
had a large and fashionable practice and
had been engaged as a demonstrator at
the University of California. The de
ceased was a widower, and an onry chi!d.
13 years old. Horace Virgil Logan, sur
vives. •
For the past few years the child and
his father have been separated because of
the parent's unbalanced mind.
Todil Tragedy fniol ved.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 26. — The Cor
oner's, jury to-day rendered a verdict
In the case of Mrs. Margaret Todd, tho
wealthy New York widow, whose body
was found on the tracks. of the Read-
Ing Railroad in Falrmount Park, thi9
city, October Jast. The .verdict states
that the woman came to her death in a
manner unknown to the jury. No new
evidence was developed at to-day's
ADVEKTisEaiEarrs.
Do You Understand the
Freight Train ?
C You've noticed that a
freight train isn't the
long .monotonous-look-
ing: thing that it used to be*
You have observed those
new - f angled special cars —
mighty useful inventions.
Were it not for their cold-
storage appliances you would
eat no fresh California fruit,
for one thing. But thou-
sands of those freight cars
do not belong to the rail-
roads at all. They belong
to private individuals. Back
of those private cars lies a
story of railway favoritism
that has direct relation to
prices you pay for meat and
other things.
It is a good thing to under-
stand the freight train. Ray
Stannard Baker in McQure's
for January offers the oppor-
tunity.
AH news stands, 10c, $1 a year
McClure's Magazine -
44-60 East 23d Street, NEW YORK
|1 II Clapeco Shrunk. ft v
\u25a0fl Q°oJter Size*, with tie loop M"
H| 15C2TOLlCH:2F0Jt AQOARTEX X : -
11% CLUETT.PEA3OOYACO. Si
Hg Mafcer* of Clnett and Monarch :?b)rta B>
HOTEL ST. FRANCIS
Sunday Eventag Table d'Hote.
Will be served In the whit* and
gold room every Sunday Evening
at 6:30 o'clock. .
H2.50 per plate. Hnber*a Orchestra
Reservations may be mads with
the Maltre d'Hotel.
O (
cure* Sprains. Bruises. Moaqulto Bites. Slings ot
ln»ecu. Sunburna. Burns. Tootaacn*. U**J*>l»«-
\u25a0.- - -OUTBREAK AMONG
DOMINICANS.
United States Will Not Intervene in the
Island at the Present Time.
PRESIDENT OF SANTO IX)MINGO. AGAINST WHO6E RULE A REVOLUTION
HAS BROKEN OUT IN THE ISLAND REPUBLIC THE UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT WILL NOT INTERVENE AT THE PRESENT TIME.
SAN DOMINGO, Santo Domingo, Dec.
25. — Following the announcement to-day
that the President cf the republic. Gen
eral Carlos F. Morales, had left the capi
tal for an unknown destination, troops
*vere sent in pursuit of the chief magis
trate. What took place after that can
not be definitely determined, but it is
known that a light occurred about ten
miles from here and it is supposed that
General Pimentel. the rebel commander,
\u25a0was attacked by Government troops.
The whereabouts of the fugitive Presi
dent Is not known. It is generally sup
posed that he endeavored to reach the
coast and board a sloop with the object
of reaching Puerto Plata, on the north
coast of Santo Domingo. On the other
hand, there are those who believe that
the President is endeavoring to cross
Banto Domingo by land and reach Monte
Christl, ion the north coast.
Juan B. Sanchez, former Foreign Min
ister of Santo Domingo, has also left the
city. Sanchez, with the American special
commissioners, Commander Albert Dil
llrigrham and former Minister Thomas C.
Dawson. and Frederlco Valesquez, Minis
ter of Finance, on January 20 last signed
the agreement between the United States
end Santo Dcmingo providing for the
fiscal protectorate of the United States
* over Santo Domingo.
TURKS ISLAND, Bahamas. Dec. 26.—
Mail advices received here from Monte
Cristi, Santo Domingo, yesterday, pay
that Guanaby, Dajabon and Sebaneta
liavo taken up arms against the Govern
ment and the Dominican-American fiscal
convention. Generals Demetrio Rodrl
fuez, Joaquin Barba, Navarro Martinez
end Pedro Alvarez have gone with 600
raen to attack San Diego, and General
Perico Lasala has marched on La. Vega
\u25a0with a force cf about 100 men.
General Deschamps, former Vice Presi
dent cf Santo Domingo, wijl leave here
shortly on board a sailing vessel to oper
ate against Puerto Plata.
It is rumored that President Morales is
b. prisoner In irons at the capital, San
Domingo. \
AMERICA HOLDS ALOOF.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— For the pres
rnt there will not be any interference by
the United States in the difficulty which
has. arisen in Santo Domingo. The
trouble is regarded by the State Depart
ment officials as entirely an internal one,
end so long as outside interests are not
menaced this attitude of non-interven
tion will be maintained. If. however, con
ditions fihould change materially and law
]< ps arts should be committed against
Amrrirans and American Interests or in
volve the collection of the Dominican
customs by this Government or other
violence occur which in the opinion of the
officials here would make it proper for
this Government to interfere, this step
will be taken and measures will be
adopted to quell the trouble.
This decision was reached by the State
Department officials during the day and
•was confirmed at a conference at the
White House late this afternoon, in which
the President and Secretaries Taft, Root
.and Bonaparte participated. The Cabinet
'officers remained at the White House
until nearly 6 o'clock. The gathering,
however, was not called specifically for
the purpose of discussing matters bearing
on the developments in Santo Domingo,
but to talk over a number of Questions
which the President was anxious to dis
pose of preliminary to his departure to
morrow for an outing of several. days In
Virginia.
* RECEIVERSHIP UNAFFECTED.
Advices received by cable at the State
c.nd Navy departments from Santo Do
mingo indicate that a eerlous condition
cf affairs exists there. ' The captain of
th» port of Puerto Plata has been shot
LUKE WRIGHT
NOT TO RESIGN
Taft Says the Teimesseean
Will Eetain His Post as
Governor of Philippines
Special Diepatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST "BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— Rumors here
to the effect that Luke E. Wright of Ten
nessee is soon to retire from the place of
Governor General of the Philippines and
will be succeeded by James F. Smith of
California, now a member of the Philip
pines Oommiseion, are denied by Secre
tary Taft, who said to-day that Governor
Wright was expected to return to the
Philippines at the expiration of his pres
ent leave of absence.
There has been some criticism in cer
tain circles, both in this country and*in
the Philippines, of Governor Wright's
administration, but it is not believed here
that any dissatisfaction with it has been
expressed by either the President or Sec
retary Taft. The latter gives no encour
agement to the report that General Smith
may ultimately succeed Governor Wright.
Some Catholic influences, which are said
to be hostile to Wright's administration,
have opposed certain features of General
Smith's work as chief of the Department
of Education in the Philippines, but these
influences have not made their power felt
In Washington, where General Smith's
policy is highly commended by the of
ficials having charge of Philippine affairs.
Apparently, from Secretary Taft's com
ment on the current reports regarding
Governor Wright's retirement, no change
is contemplated in the head of the Philip
pine government.
and killed during an insurrectionary
movement and the Governor of that
province has defied the general govern
ment and barricaded the town. The Do
minican Government has issued a decree
removing the Governor.
The Secretary of War to-day received
the following cablegram from Acting
Comptroller and Receiver of the Do
minican Customs Edwards, dated at San
Domingo:
"Carlos F. Morales, dissatisfied with
Cabinet support, left capital last night
with few followers. 'His Intention is said
to be to join the followers of Jlminez in
opposition to the followers of Horacio.
Conflicts between the two forces are im
minent, probably in the vicinity of San
Juan, or in the vicinity of Puerto Plata,
Carlos F. Morales may make attempt to
establish a new capital and create a new
Cabinet. Political excitement, but with
out disturbance here. Receivership not
affected yet. George R. Colton should be
at Monte Cristi Tuesday." "
George R. Colton, referred . to in the
above dispatch. Is the ' receiver of Do
minican customs, i
Official Count of XewYork'i Vote.
NEW YORK. Dec. 26.— The official
count of votes cast In New York
County for . Mayor at the last election
was issued to-day. McClellan re
ceived 140,264: Hearst 123.292. and
Ivlns 64,289. The total vote was: Me -
Clellanj 228,397; Hearst, 224,929;1v1n5,
137.193. SSBBmBBBSX
THE SAN FRANCISCO .'CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1905:
ODELL'S MAN
SCENTS PLOT
Asseinhlyman Merritt Saj r s
President Wants to Be
come a National "Boss"
MAKES NEW CHARGES
Mr. Roosevelt, He Claims, Ex
pects to Control New
York, Ohio and Connecticut
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— Assemblyman
E. A. Merritt Jr., candidate for Speaker
of the State Assembly, said to-day that
he expected .to go to Albany to-morrow
and would open headquarters there.
"I shall be in this flght until the fin
ish," said Merritt. "I do not know of any
compromise. They cannot compromise
with me."
Speaking of the indorsement by-Presi
dent Roosevelt and Governor Hlggins of
the candidacy of - James W. Wadsworth
Jr. for the Speakership, 'Merritt said:
"I am receiving letters from up the
State, some of. which say that Charles I's
head was cut off for less. The sentiment
up there against interference by the Gov
ernor and President fs pronounced / and
growing. They have lost sight of Odell
and Higgins in this' matter and are giv
ing their attention to the fight of the As
sembly to elect its Speaker. "
"This interference is a part of Presi
dent Rocsevelt's plan to secure control j
of the party organizations in other States
as well as New York. They want to get
control of New York. first, but the Presi- ;
dent Is trying.it also, in- Connecticut and,
Ohio. They are trying to get the two'
Senators out In Connecticut, but I think
they wilt have a fignt before they get
through with Frank Brandegee. I do not
know whether the President's action
comes from his natural desire to run
things or to advance his rate' legislation,
which I am inclined to favor." .' ".i 5 X"' \u25a0
Governor Higgins. d when asked
about the assertion of Merritt, said: •
I don't think tlr? President needs any defense
at my hands, but ' I am free to say \u25a0 that I
have seen no indication of any disposition on
his part to control things in this State.
NOT TAKEN SEIUOtfSI/i'.
Merrill's* Statement Derided by Ohio
and Connecticut Leaders.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 26.— United
States Senator Charles F. Dick, who
was in this city to-day, said that he
had seen no evidence that President
Roosevelt was trying to get control of
the party management" in Ohio. He
said he could not understand why Mer
ritt should make such a statement, but
that he expected to see* no attampt by
the President to control the" Republican
politics in the different States. Senator
Dick intimated that' the Merritt state
ment was not to be taken seriously.
Congressman Theodore E. Burton
made a similar statement to that made
by Senator Dick : and added: -
"Possibly It would be good for the
State if the President should control
the State organization, but I do not be
lieve the President desires to do so."
Governor Herrick,' referring to the
statement by, Merritt, said: : . \u0084'•-•\u25a0
"If that is true, I know • n<£thlng
about it and cannot, therefore, discuss
the matter.".
HARTFORD, Conn.. Dec. 26.— Morgan
G. Bulkeley, senior Senator from Con
necticut, when shown the statement by
Merritt In which the allegation , was
made that President Roosevelt was
anxious to secure political control in
this State, said:
"I don't know anything about any
such talk. I am not interested in the
fight in New York State, and will not
be drawn into it."
Bulkeley said that he had not seen
the President. '- '
PRESIDENT WILL
HIT OIL TRUST
Garfield's Eeport Will Show
That *It Has Gained Its
Power Through the Rebate
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— -President
Roosevelt is having a "big stick" pre
pared under rush orders for him in the^
shape of a sensational report on the"
Standard Oil monopoly with which he
hopes to beat into line the railroads
and their friends in the United 'states
Senate, should .they refuse to allow his
pet measure, * the rate bill, to go
through along the lines he has indi
cated.- . '"'s'?£?\u25a0\u25a0
This report is. being drawn up by
Commissioner Garfield and, t according
to high authority, will show that the
greatest monopoly.of -them all, - the
Standard Oil Company, is the child and
handiwork of the rebate giver, that
practically every carrier in the United
States has had a hand in creating and
maintaining the control of the Ropke
feller Interests. ..
The administration,' it Js understood,
has other prosecutions In preparation
and already in hand to be used for the
purposes of, its agitation, but this
trump card of the President's, will be
held in' reserve 1 and ; will be 'played at
the. psychological moment' when most
needed. So complete. It ; is : said,' . has
Commissioner Garfield established this
connection between the railways and
the Standard octopus, that' few if any
of the "trusti circle" in the Senate will
be expected to withstand the storm of
public indignation it; will: arouse. •
The report will also show that the
Standard Oil Company;operates;a"sys
tem of fake independent companies in
all the large producing and distributing
centers, through: which , they Tare able
to kill off all competition. Special;at
tention will be given' to I the conditions
in the Kansas and Indian Territory
oil fields. > ;
FRIGHTENED IjADS LIE
ABOUT BOY'S DEATH
Dccl are Youth Accidentally
Killed Was SliotFrom *
an Ambush;
. CHICO, Dec. 26.— Jerry .Ford, a 14-year
old boy,, while hunting <In the ; foothills 4
twenty-five miles from here this morning,
was shot in; the leg and died a few hours
later. : ; He was l with h two ; y oungrer , '\u25a0\u25a0 com- ;
panions who j claimed that | Ford .wai r shot
from ambush by an unknown • person^ but
the facts Indicate that the frightened lads
told a- falsehood. It Is \u25a0 believed* one of
their guns was' accidentally discharged. /
. PARIS. Dec. "26.— President .'Loubet: to-day
conferred the : Grand - Cross •: of 3 the . Legion t of
Honor ; upon \u25a0 Russian \u25a0 Embassador j Nelidoff £on
the occasion ' of ; the \u25a0 fiftieth \ anniversary \u25a0of his
entry lnta.Uwdlplomatie service. -
NEWS PRINTED
BY WIRELESS
M acliine Invented Which, It
\u25a0 Is ( Said, Will Set Type
Through "Miles h of Space
FAST WORK POSSIBLE
Items Will Be Run Off on
Lin oty pe . Automatically
as Soon as They Arrive
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec: 26. -rAfter. five years of
labor and experimenting Elmer A. Bur
lingame of^Laporte, Ind., an electrician
and inventor, to-day announced- the com
pletion of apparatus that will revolution
ize- the. present , methods of telegraphic
communication and news dissemination. ,
The invention is a printing 'wireless tel
egraph instrument. operator who
sends the message writes It on an or-r
binary typewriter/This prints in the
usual way, but in addition flashes the mes
sage through space- to the receiving sta
tion, where a copy is printed on a similar
machine, exactly like the first; copy. The
receiving station must Jbe attuned Ito the
incoming Hertzian wave, thus giving se
crecy and making it possible to have sev
eral sets of instruments working at once
without interference. . This non-interfer
ence is said to be so complete that all
sending instruments may be connected
to the same sending wire and all receiv
ing instruments to another wire."
Inventor Burlingame claims that, mes
sages may be sent by his printing system
about five times as fast as ;. with; the
Morse code, and the necessity of waiting
for an idle line is done away^with. It is
claimed that by connecting the linotypes
In the newspaper offices within a radius
of 500 miles it will be possible to operate
them simultaneously from one sending'
station. The cost of equipping a receiv
ing station will be about $1000, while the
cost of a sending station will be about
$2000.
Laporte capitalists, it is said, are pre
paring to build a - factory to manufacture
the apparatus.
SALOOX WINDOWS PUT
TO A XOVEL USE
Contain Wax Figures Illus
trating Fate of a Lover
of Drink.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Dec. 26.— Rev. Charles H.
Braden of Grace Baptist Church to-day
completed his task of converting. the win
dows at "Jimmie" Durklns' gin palace
into a temperance lecture. The city
turned out _en masse to see the result,
and it took policemen with clubs to keep
the crowds- from .obstructing traffic.
There are nine big plate glass windows
on both jj sides , of the \ saloon and they
ordinarily are filled with California Wines
and various sorts of , liquor. To-night,
however, they- are made up into a series
of tableaux^and" pictorial displays to; il
lustrate the"downfall "of j a young fellow
who starts out as a "moderate; drinker."
In the one window the hero "Joe" and his
bride "Mary" are standing up before. the
clergyman who is marrying' them. Full
size wax- figures are used,' The second
window shows; him leaving ; for. a- saloon
against the protest of his wife. .Then he
is seen drinking with friends. Cartoons
from prohibition magazines complete
these scenes. -*' ~
The fourth scene shows "Mary" as a
disheveled woman hard at Iwork over the
wash tub and on the tub is marked "The
piano that Mary got." The; two figures
show her wan, hungry, pinched. Other
show "Joe" in the act of kill-
Ing a man, and the, last shows "Joe" con
victed in a prison cell "with, "Mary" weep
ing >eside him. Peeping through thf
prison window is Durkin, the saloon
keeper, saying, "I started it."
Rev. Braden \u25a0is a young man. He
recently proclaimed from his pulpit that
he wished he could show the . result "of
intemperance in a forcible manner. "To*
his" astonishment' Durkin offered him the
use of his windows. Ministers generally
condemn Braden's undertaking and claim
he will not accomplish any good at all,
and that he may do much harm in bring
ing the ministry and religion into dis
repute.
MUTE HIGHWAYMEN ,
\u25a0.:.< ROB FRESNO FARMER
Thieves Work Quickly, Ap
parently Not Handicapped
by Inability to Talk. •
FRESNO, Dec. ' 26.— Two . mute high
waymen held up \u25a0W.; O. Carter on a?lone
ly road eighteen miles from Fresno yes
terday morning and robbed him of. $30
iiijcaeh and' a gold, watch valued at $80.
Not a word did the: robbers utter from
the time their horses loomed out of the
darkness until i their purpose was accom
plished ; then they drove on. Carter was
on | his way to Hanford, when j about ! 4
a. m.. he heard another team approach
ing. As it came alongside a man jumped
off. seized his horse's ( head and pointed
a revolver ' at him. Another . tore ; <sff his
overcoat; 1 and threw away hisi hat and
then r went through his : pockets. Carter
was so frightened he : could not \ speak,
and the robbers were as if; dumb. When
they had obtained r all they could /find
they, remounted their cart and silently
drove away. ' Carter '\u25a0[ rode to; Laton and
notified l the] police.
ESCAPES DESTRUCTION
BY A NARROW^MARGIN
British Ship Brodick Castle
Tossed^bout by Christ
mas Gale.
VICTORIA, B.;C, Dec. 26.— The British
ship : Brodick which arrived to
night, fortyfsevenl \) days v:: f rom Salina
Cruz, . had a narrpw; escape j from disaster
on , the rocks; of Vancouver Island/ near.
Carmanah last i night. A " SheJ arrived! 'off
the straits > during- the ; fierce
gale.r which 'blew ;6ver sixty miles'', an
hour, from the southwest, 'j She entered the
straits .under ,*\u25a0 bare t poles t and ,. was .then
driven by the^ gale toward the Vancouver
Island coast with tremendous seas break
ing over her." : \u25a0; Ldf c . belts broueht jon
deck and Captain'Olson said, he thought
the vessel \must;beilost\.wipi,?lishtjhope
of j any one L reaching l shore, -': when "she
managed to •; workTfclear i in ~\ the nick :of
time, 'just ; before "daylight.
Trnsredy at Turkey Shoot.
•\u25a0.(. LONDON, Ky.. Dec. : 26— News reach
ed* here V last; night sof j the"- klUin~gr?of a
deputy sheriff } and another -man.- At
Big : Fork, fa Uargercrowd* of jheni con
gregated ! at 'an ; old-time i turkey; shoot-,
.ing^match; ;;A; dispute "over} tfieimatch*
soon* began ? and a general ; fight ensued
in\ which/ John? Duff |and : "JacobVWils6ri
shot -and ; .Wilson \u25a0 and
Deputy? Sheriff (Mack^Roberts. Duff j and
.Wilson 1 arrested.; ;^, ;
JAPAN SELECTS
A NEW ENVOY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' "WASHINGTON. Dec. 26.— Viscount Siu
zo Aoki has been appointed ; Japanese
Embassador to this country. Information
to this effect was conveyed to Secretary
Root to-day by Mr. Hlrokl, the Japanese
Charge here. Mr. Hlrokl, -.was Informed
that the selection of. Viscount Aoki Is ac
ceptable to this Government. Aoki will
be the' first Japanese Embassador to the
United States., His predecessors held the
rank of Minister. *"..
"The Viscount is a member of the Privy
Council and of the first class of the Order
of the Rising Sun, the highest order in
Japan. He stands In the first rank of
Japanese diplomacy, far outranking Min
ister, Takahira and' even Baron Hayashl,
the present Japanese Minister to London.
He : has occupied a 1a 1 prominent^, place in
the j Japanese ' Foreign Office \ and | was a
delegate representing his country at The
Hague conference. v , •-» • x •-'\u25a0'.' r : 'V
After, a distinguished diplomatic service
he retired i about: six' years" ago, when he
was recalled by the Emperor to be one
of the Privy Councilors, the highest hon
or that can be hoped for by the nobility.
"When yet a yotmg.man the new Embas
sador j went to .Germany as; a "student
and received there training in the large
universities. Twice he was returned there
as Minister.
It is expected that as soon as the ap
proval of his selection is received "from
this Government the : Viscount, accdmpa
nied by the Viscountess, who is of Ger
man, birth, the Viscount having met and
married her while serving his country in
Germany, will come to this country. \u25a0
Viscount Aoki is about 60 years of age.
Before, entering the Privy Council he was
twice Minister for Foreign Affairs, and
Mr. Takahira. whom he succeeds, serv
ed under him as Vice Minister.
Mob Liberates \u25a0 Murderer.
! EL PASO, Tex., Dec. 26. — Howard
Chenoweth, . under ' sentence of fifty
years -for killing City Marshal Kil
burn : In Silver City, N. M.. was rescued
by masked men last; night, who over
powered the jailer and locked him in
Chenoweth's cell.
A vast assortment to select from. You are always wel- Si §|§i P ""*__^
come. If you see what you like, charge it. YOUR. IH SHH @ ' W^^l
CREDIT IS GOOD. S H IT~J
WAM< HACK — Designed for cup? and small articles of china; made CO *7*^ K^^^^ ''
of quartered oak, weathered. Price <3O«lO SsiS feL;=s=a '^« fO SS'
CHINA CLOSET — Quartered oak, golden finish; full swelled front CIO *T ff tegf [^ fa-
• and sides; an artistic design. Price, Q'OmO ft^^L i^^^^i CSS
BOX SEAT DINING CHAlR— Quartered oak, golden finish; cane/CO -QK . ! HN^fya — J-S^fl'J?^ TP^n "VTr?
;;;:;,5eat;. each. ...................................... .. ... tP-«»CJO i j. 4 t v ~J I
DINING TABLE— Golden finish; 6 ft. draw. Price ..... ... «tO 7C ' | I ' \ "^lf-"^ M
................ . . .' tpOi I O I il i\
SIDEBOARD— SoIid oak, golden finish; beveled plate mirror. CII 7K , " " f
'•'\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Price '•..'. .\u25a0' • '\u25a0 ' '. . *\u2666* » \u25a0 •t v r*""°""'i ' \u25a0 ~ ' i s^j^.i^r-r^*~ i *«— i_R .
Hundreds of patterns, embracing all the well-known weaves. You will y c m-^^^S^^^-{
find the prices the lowest. H |;]
TAPESTRY HRHSSELS — Designs suitable for any room in the house; * \u25a0 \, T I
', l an excellent grade; .choice colorings; with or without (3BE/> ! .' I "**'£&X!m\
\u25a0'. border. -Per yard :...'.....•..............\u25a0.\u25a0..• 1 • ... ."'." .".'.... m '
PEERLESS BRUSSELS— A "holee selection of this well-known weave, both in j ' ,l^^^^F*rt,
\u25a0~' : Oriental' .ind Floral designs; suitable for; any room in the ©"71/ r* Ift I Ntt&^g^^Vif'Jlfik '
vjhouse; with or without border. :Per;yard.. ... O» /2^ \g£J*£&^L*r'*- -^ Z^^r~^_
BODY BRUSSELS — A weave that will stand the test of time; choice designs, WiT — «—»\u25a0;»— S^^^^
both OriontiU and Floral, suitable for parlor, living-room C 1 801/ // re s =^sc-^€rr^^s c -^€ rr^^
\u25a0 and hall; with or without border. Per yard «pl»I-i/2 M^-4tyc^ W-t^^^S^^^^ "
INLAID LINOI.EU3I— The kind that goes clear through, to the C 1 OS 9? II # O H &£S%?s2^
- r back; in ,tilo, effects. Per square. yard... .....'... ....v. ... €J>l»^O y] IJL \u25a0— • M =^jS-^r^^^^S
; '\u25a0;'\u25a0\u25a0/;•; Ihe Great Majestic Range : , 1 S^^Sl
Tlie height of mechanical genius; is absolutely indestructible; eco- IS j t^^^jj|
: nomicalCiriJthe : consumption of fuel. Will give; a lifetime of service. Call il s^^^^* B^^
and investigate its many good points before purchasing/ I (
STATESMAN "WHO WILL. BECOME
FIRST JAPANESE EMBASSADOR
TO AMERICA.
HILL WILL EETIKE
FROM ACTIVE WORK
Son Will Succeed Him This
Week as Head of the
Railways.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL, Dec. 26.— James J. Hill is
to retire from active railroad • work on
Saturday and will be succeeded by his
son. Louis W. Hill, according to dis
closures made by Hill in an interview
to-day.. .
Hill has been staying about the
Minnesota Club, of which he Is a mem
ber, for several days, a thing he has
never been known to do before, and the
rumor.ia.that he has perfected all . ar
rangements for .dropping out on Satur
day and turning over his work to his
son, Louis, vice president of the road,
who will then become president, while
the elder son, James N. Hill, Is to suc
ceed his brother as vice 'president.
Hill said to-day that he intended
laying down the work, but that he had
not yet announced the date.
Politics In Chicago Trade Board.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26. — John B. Adams
was nominated to-day at a caucus for
president of the Board of Trade. It is
expected that an opposition caucus
to be held later will nominate Walter
Fltz. The election will be held Jan
uary 8."
VATICAN BOOK
ON SEPARATION
Volume Deals With Eecent
Divorcement of the Churcli
and the State in France
STATESMEN ARE BLAMED
Effort Made to Make Clear
Causes Which Led Up to
the Cutting of the Ties
» .
PARIS. Dec. 26.— A French translation
of a Vatican " white book regarding the
separation ot church and state reached
Paris to-night. The volume consists of
300 pages, divided into a preface, two sec
tions and an appendix, the latter contain
ing many unpublished documents. The
book disclaims any intention of replying
to those whom It calls the detractors of
the church and expresses the desire not
to offend any one, saying that its chief
objects are to enlighten public opinion re
garding the facts and to prevent the
handing down of mlsstatements connected
\u25a0with the history of such an important
event.
In the leadlns chapters an effort Is
made to demonstrate that the entire onus
for the rupture between the Vatican and
the French Government and the resultant
separation of church and state rests with
various French cabinets, the members of
which pursued an anti-religious policy,
including the suppression of the . congre
gations and of religious instruction in the
schools.
The book next proceeds with the refuta
tion of the accusation that separation was
rendered inevitable by the attitude of the
church. It declares that this charga
was made because French statesmen,
knowing that the people of France had
no desire for a separation, wished to dis
claim responsibility for the consequences
which, it is pointed out, would be equally
serious for France and for the church.
Then follow arguments showing the al
leged baselessness of the charges brought
against the church of acting contrary to
the interests of the republic. The ques
tion of the nomination of bishops la dis
cussed at length.
The appendix deals in detail with the
French protectorate over Catholics In th»
Far East and tho argument Is advanced
that, although .this protectorate 13
founded on international treaties. It must
depend on the will of the Vatican.
IMAGINES ROOM
IS BIG VESSEL
Insane Man, Believing Him
self a Mate, Kills Chum by
Giving Blows With Orders
SEATTLE, Dec. 26.— Imagining his room
a big ship and himself a second mate,
Peter Hansen, , a longshoreman, beat A.
Gray, another longshoreman, on the head
and body Christmas night, causing the
latter's daath shortly before noon to-day.
Hanson has been arrested and Gray's
body is at the morgue.
The men were rooming at a lodging
house conducted by R. H. Cross at 61
West Battery street and spent the greater
part of \u25a0 Christmas day getting drunk.
On several occasions, in the presence of
Cross, Hansen struck Gray on the face
and head giving him orders common
aboard ship and otherwise acting as If
he were a superior>ofncer. When the raen
retired late#-ionday night Gray was then
in bad shape. The next morning Gray
was found nearly dead and was taken
to the Emergency Hospital, where he
died.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 28.— Theodore D. Gambley.
who claims to b* the acton of a prominent
Eastern family, was arrested to-night while
dining: with mends In the Planters Hotel Cafe,
on a telegraphic request from Memphis. It in
charged that he forged two checks, aggregat
ing 5450.
34
TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION
MEETS AT BERKELEY.
The California' Teachers' Association convened in annual session at Berkeley yester
day with a record-breaking attendance. The State Farmers' Institute and the California
Library Association are also holding conventions in the college town, and the three bodies
are joining in earnest educational effort. School work' in practical things chiefly engages
the educators.
Largest Gathering in
. History of the
State.
Farm and Library
Folk Join in
Sessions.
Work of Education
on Broad Lines
Taken Up.
The largest gathering of teachers and
others interested in education ever held
in the State of California opened yester
day at Berkeley, when the thirty-ninth
session of the California Teachers' Asso
ciation was called to order. Twenty-two
counties and cities were represented by
| a teaching force of 4200. It is expected
that to-znorrow fully 6000 people will have
gathered for the convention. •
This year's session is unique, not only
in that it is the largest gathering held in
the history of the organization, but be
cause with the association are meeting
three ether branches of education. The
State Farmers' Institute is holding daily
tc-ssions- and the California Library As
sociation is sitting in convention. Also
'seventeen counties of the State are hold
. ing their Institutes with the meeting of
the Teachers' Association.
The work of organizing the annual ses
sion has been dene in splendid shape by
I'resMent James A. Barr, who is the Su
perintendent of the Stockton schools.
Through his efforts these other organi
zations were induced to meet with the as
sociation. He has been ably aided by
thp. executive committee.
# It will be the purpose of this convention
to discuss live topics of the day which
have an influence on t the schools of the
State. Papers have been prepared by
\u2666 eminent scholars and will be read at the
• dally sessions. The principal topics un
der discussion are agricultural education,
industrial education, commercial educa
tion, relation of libraries to the
school, rural school supervision, the
extension of the tra\e!ing library sy«
. tern to the rural schools of the State,
school sanitation 1 and hygiene, relation
between the work of the high and ele
mentary schools, school activities. State
textbooks, excursions to iocal industries,
improvement in English work and the
•adoption of a new constitution for the as
sociation.
POORLY TRAIXCD IX ENGLISH.
The main pspcr of yesterday's session
was read by Miss Mlna Cole of Santa
Clara. It was a report of the special
committee appointed to investigate the
preparation in English which the. pupils
of the grade schools receive before they
; enter the high schools. Miss Cole stated
that while the spirit in the grades was
excellent, yet the pupils really entered the
high school very poorly trained in the
. ability to write good English. She placed
the fault with the methods of instruction
• used in many- schools, declaring that the
teaching of English should begin in the
primary schools end be developed grade
by grade. Her report was heartily ap
• plaudfd. '
Professor E. P. Cubberley oX Stanford
University read the report of tne commit-
. tee *on the tenure of office of teachers.
In it he deplored the method of the an
' nual selection of new teachers and the
worry the teachers undergo during this
period. He declared that teachers should
be kept during their efficiency and that
if they are to be dropped they should be
Notified by the end of the term, and not
ifter they hays departed for their vaca
" tiens. He proposed that such a law be
. pessed by the Legislature.
. . DISCUSSES RURAL SCHOOLS.
* At the morning session of the Council
° of Education Professor James P. David
son, Superintendent of Schools of Marin
County, discussed the supervision of rural
school?. He said that the present county
boards were inadequate and that the
counjty superintendents should be given
assistants to help them do the work.
'The programme of the council was as
follows:
c Report of .committee oa "The Development
and Mainunaace of Professional Standards
Among l%acher»" — Allison Ware, San Fran-
AD VEBXI SKM EXTS.
Headache
We want you to know that
Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills pre-
vent as well as relieve head-
ache, and that they leave no
bad after-effects. We assure
you that if taken when you
first discover indications of an
attack, they will drive it away,
and thus not only save you the
misery and distress, but the
Weakening influence of pain
upon your system. Used in
this way the attacks become
\u25a0less frequent, and eventually
.entirely disappear. They re-
lieve pain by strengthening the
nerves and overcoming the
turbulent, excited condition,
which is the cause of pain.
. . "We used Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills
in our family tor five years, and I
would not like to do -without them.
Before I found this remedy I would
have spells of sick headache. so severe
that I would be prostrated for as
many as 48 hours at a time. The
Anti-Pain Pills stop the pain in a
few minutes. I have a great deal of
neuralgia around the heart, and the
Pain Pills also relieve that. I now
take them when I think I will have
an attack, and they stop it right
then. I ejso notice that Ido not have
these spplls nearly so frequently \u25a0 as
formerly." :
MRS. ROSA A. CURRIER,
Kalamazoo, Mich.
Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills are sold by
your druggist, who will guarantee that
the first package will benefit. If It
falls, he will return your money.
25 doses, 25 cents. Never sold In bulk.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
TWO PRINXIPAL OFFICERS OF THE CALIFORNIA TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION,
WHICH IS HOLDING ITS ANNUAL CONVENTION," MEETIXQ - DAILY IN '
THIS CITY AND BERKELEY. OPENING SESSIONS HELD YESTERDAY.
clbco State Normal School, chairman; Joseph
O'Connor, principal Mission High School, San
Francisco^ P..-2& Fisher, principal Oakland
Polytechnic School; H. M. Bland, San Jose
Normal School; S. D. Waterman. City Super
intendent of Schools, Berkeley; Sam Brown,
San Jose; Miss Margaret Popre, Redding.
Recess.
Report of committee on "Supervision of Ru
ral School?"— James B. Davidson. Superintend
ent of Schools or Marin County, chairman:
Miss Llllle Laugenour, Superintendent of
Schools of Colusa County; Miss Kate Ames,
Superintendent of Schools of Napa County;
Duncan Stirling, Superintendent of Schools of
Monterey County; Miss Minnie Coulter. Su
perintendent of Schools of Sonoma County;
: Frederic Burk. president San Francisco Nor
mal School: Ellwood P. Cubberley. depart
ment of education. Stanford University; H.
M. Bland. San Jose Normal School; J. W.
Llnseott. Superintendent of Schools of Santa
Cruz County.
Report of committee on "Training of Teach
ers for Country Schools" — Miss Minnie Coul
ter. Superintendent of Schools of Sonoma.
County, chairman; J. W. McClymonds, City
Superintendent of Schools of Oakland ; E. I.
Mliler, Chlco Normal School; Frederic Burk.
president San Francisco Normal School; J.
W. Lilnscott, Superintendent of Schools of
Santa Cruz County; John Swett of California;*
Miss L1I1I« Laugenour. Superintendent of
Schools of Colusa. County.
Recess.
Report of committee on "Tenure of Office of
Teachers, Laws Relating to the Same and
How Tenure May Be Improved" — Ellwood P.
Cubberler. Stanford University, chairman; J. .
W Llnscott. Superintendent of Schools of
Santa Cruz County: C. C. Van Liew,. presi
dent Chlco State Normal School; C. L. Bied
enbach. Berkeley: A." L. Mann. San Francisco;
C. E. Keyes, Oakland; M. E. Dailey, president
San Jos* Normal School.
Tho following: programme was carried
out at the county board organization yes
terday afternoon:
President, P. M. Fisher, Oakland; secretary/;
A. A. Bailey. Martinez. I
Report -of Committee on "The Certification,
of Teachers by County Boards" — Superintend
ent J. F. Barbe*. Ukiah, chairman; J. E.-
Blanchard. Foisom; Superintendent C. N.
Shane. Auburn: Superintendent Mark Keppel,.
Jjom Ansek-F; Mrs. N. 1 E. Davidson, Hanford.
General discussion. -
Recess.
Report of ccmmltt<*e on VTh«" Relation frf
County Beards to High School*"— E. E.
Brownell, Gllroy. chairman: Will C. Wood,
Fairfield: Adolph Bacher, Salinas.
General discussion. .
ELEVEN* DEPARTMENTS MEET.
There are eleven departments holding
sessions "at the convention. These de-"
pSrtments meet every : day and carry on
discussions, and: listen to papers. The
programmes followed yesterday were:
ENGLlSH— President. T. J. Penfleld, Val-'
lejo; secretary-treasurer, E. O. James, Berke
ley. . -
Introfluclory business.
Report of rpecial committee on the lack' of
preparation in English of pupils entering
the Hlsh.' Scbool-^MIEs Mlna Cole, Santa
Clara.
I Discussion led by L. D. " Harvey, superin
tendent Stout Training -Schools, Menomonle;
Wis., "Aims In Teaching < Composition" —
Roger 8. Phelps, Wlllita.
Recess.
Discussion led 'by Mark de Witt, Porter-:
ville. "Relation' of Composition to • the Teach
ing of Literature"— Alexis F. Lange, prof es- "
cor of English philology. University of Cali
fornia. . —
Discussion led by Miss Emily M. Stetson,'
Covlna.
. MUSlC— Pre*ldfent. • Mrs. I* 'V. Sweesy,
Berkeley: vice .president, Milton Lawrence,:
San Jose; secretary, Miss Kstelle Carpenter,
San Francisco.
|.' Remarks by the president.
\u25a0 Organ' solo. ' - :\u25a0_'..
I .Listening- lesson— Miss • Llda • Lennon, Chico
I Normal School. ~.-- ; \u0084 - ,v, v \,
- Discussion led br Mre. C. A. Bemhard, su
pervisor of music, Uklah;. . Miss Emily M.:
Dodge, ; supervisor. ofXmtfslc, \u25a0 Stockton ; Miss W
Blythe.' supervisor of music, Los Angeles.
Recess. -
Tenor eolo— A. A. Macurda; Deputy Super
intendent of Schools, , Ban Francisco. . \SI
The beginnings in music study, demon- 1
strated with children — Mrs. Sanderson, Berke
ley. .. \u25a0 • .-.>-;• -urk
MATtIEMATICSr-Preslaent. . George A. Mil
ler, Stanford University; V secretary, J. Fred \
Smith,- Campbell.% '\u25a0\u25a0'\u0084 . ~ .
\u25a0 V Vital i Questions • for : Teachers . of * Secondary
Mathematics"-— J. \u25a0B. Clarke, . Polytechnic High
School, San . Francisco.
.Discussion led;by-R. L. Green," professor of
mathematics. Stanford University;' Miss Elsie*.
Wartenweiler, Auburn High : School. • i
PHYSICS AND CHEMlSTRY.— President; <
Perry : T. Tompklns. Berkeley; vice 'president.
Mis* Margaret Scott, Hay wards; eecreUry
treAsurer. Edward Booth. Oakland. "Chemical
Theory in the Hl^h School Course" (twa
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALIi, j . WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1905.
papers, - each , twenty-five minutes), Mllo S.
Baker, , Lowell High School, Ban Francisco;
Roy Fryer, Sacramento High-.School. Discus
sion led by Frederick G. Cottrell. instructor in
physical chemistry, . University of California;
William M. Hyman, principal high school.
Woodland; Roy- Dlckerson, '\u25a0-. principal high
school, Boulder Creek; J. W.'Raymer, Belmont.-
Recess. General discussion, each speaker three
minutes.
COMMERCIAL. — President, James Ferguson,
San Franciscof vice president, ."A. B.* Way,
Petaluma; secretary, E. H. Rldenour, Stockton.
"The Aim of the Commercial Course in the
High School," S. P. McCrea, principal high
school. Redwood City. \u25a0 Discussion led by A.
B. Winship. editor Journal of Education, Bos
ton. "Modern Languages,'* Miss Alegra Hut
ton, Stockton. General discussion. "Com
mercial Law and Allied Subjects," Theodore
Madscn. San Jose. General discussion. Re
cess. "Commercial and Industrial History and
Allied Subjects," L. D. Inskeep, - Oakland.
General discussion. "Bookkeeping and Allied
Subjects." Herbert Klttrtdge. principal high
school. Concord. General discussion. "Science
in the Commercial Course," Chester Wetmore,
San Francisco. General discussion. * Business
meeting. . ' . . .
HOLD EVEXING RECEPTION.
'Last evening, a reception was tendered
by President and Mrs. Benjamin Ide
Wheeler of the University of California
to the members of the California Teach
ers' Association, the State Farmers' In
stitute and the California Library Asso
ciation.
To-day's session begins at 9:30 a. m.
Many interesting *\ papers will be read.
President Wheeler will speak and the an
nual election of officers will be held.
.TEACHERS. MEET IN CITY.
Educators Hear Lanfrdon Talk of Pro
posrd Pension Lavr. •
The San Francisco general session of
the California; Teachers' Association
began its deliberations yesterday nfter
'nooh at'the Alhambra Theater, \u25a0William
H.' Langdon, the president, in the chair.
The programmp- opened with . the sing
ins of "Ecco 'quei flcro . istante," by a
quartet and then President Jj Langdon
took leave of -.the assemblage as City
Superintendent of Schools ; in feeling:
expressions of, appreciation of the work
which the teachers of the city had ac
complished during 1 his term of office.
: Later Mayor Schmitz announced that
he • had selected President of the > Board
of , Education . Alfred . 'Roncovieri ; to
succeed Langdon, whereupon; a resolu
tion was adopted expresslng-confldence
in. the Mayor's choice. : -.- .
During; .Langdonls address he , re
ferred especially to. the need of a, pen
sion law,that should be one in fact and
not In name only. The Board of Edu
cation, he , said, had ; . drawn", Vup .an
amendment to the charter, that\ will, if
adopted,,, establish ; a -foundation j upon
which would be built, the pension. VHe
told of the efforts of the board toward
the betterment of Jthe teachers', condi
tions and its exertions for 'the welfare
of the pupils. ' ;* : ' v;Vi;.v „ , ; .
Roncovleri in, an address said among:
other things:
.We want'your" co-operation- to the end -that
we may build \u25a0' the , best X department -in the
world. Stand .as a unit ' fbr better salaries,
better school accommodation 7 for the children,'
smaller classification ' and life , tenure, 'and last,
but not least, a pension for i aged and disabled
teachers who have Spent their lives Jn the per
formance of the highest "duty., natnely, the
making of good citizens ' -
A pension fund - established <on a sound busi
ness basis : must not . be : dependent on \u25a0 any | dog
tax or liquor license :or ;on the contributions
of those pensioned, but upon: the i patriotic re
gard .In which . the \u25a0 people iof | California , hold
the teachers of their children. V .
- If In. unionism there, ls a' tower of strength
why should not < teachers agree ' on ' a few un
questioned needs and 4 unite ~ their i efforts In
securing the m? •. There must be • practical ' una
nimity, on the course to.be pursued. 'The time
Is ripe ' here , and | now. «or ' the : formation lofl an
organization that shall nave : for lt»:aimsJbet
t*r conditions for the: children' and: the! making
of teaching a profession,, recognized; protected
and properly i compensated. --; Let • there ?-t be \u25a0\u25a0 a
at-lidarltyi among . you thatt will i exemplify : tho
motto,' '.'An Injury to 'one Js: an Injury; to all."
'\u25a0;..-? Frank B.i Cooper; Cl ty Superintendent
of Schools, < Seattle, ~ delivered ; an'
address on "The ; Old and the NNet"w t " and
BOARD IMPOSES
NEW CONDITIONS
Ordinance Granting* Privi :
"lege to Ocean Shore Com
. pany Passed After Amended
CITY GETS PERCENTAGE
At Expiration of Term the
Koadbed of System Is to
Kevert to Municipality
The! Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print "an amended ordinance
providing, for a grant, of a franchise
to the Ocean: Shore Railway Company
to operate a branch electric line to con?
nect with its main line at Army and
Vermont streets ; and ; running along
certain streets, terminating at Market
and Twelfth : streets. >, Chairman Con
nor of the Street, Committee submitted
a report to the" effect that the com
mittee had' considered all the suggested
amendments in connection with- the
franchise and -It had been decided to
incorporate the following conditions in
the franchise in accordance therewith:
That In granting said franchise it be given
to run : co-extenslve. with the main-line fran
chise heretofore granted to *aid Ocean Shore
Railway : Company, the - same to be: for fifty
years, from • October. 5, 1905.
That at the expiration of said franchise 'the
road track and bed of such railway and all of
its fctationary ..fixtures upon the public streets
shall become the ; property \u25a0of the city and
county of San Francisco.
That certain \u25a0 percentages be raid by said
railway * company to the city and county of
San Francisco during the life of said franchise,
as follows, viz. :- No- percentage shall, be ex
acted Jor the tlret five. years; for the next suc
ceeding fifteen years there shall be paid 3 per
centum of . the gross receipts; for the next
succeeding fifteen years 4 per centum of the
gross receipts, and for the next succeeding fif
teen years 5 per centum of the gross receipts.
Such gross receipts shall be bassd upon a Just
and correct proportion of the receipts arising
from the traffic carried over the route men
tioned in the franchise, upon a mileage basis
for the mileage of .said road, upon all .busi
ness carried over the same, whether said
business originates within or without the city
and county of San FranciscdV
Tho ordinance also provides that no mo
tive power shall be used in the propelling
of the cars and trains of the Ocean Shore
Railway . Company, excepting electricity,
unless express authority therefor shall
be granted In the future by the * Board
of Supervisors. Also that the overhead
construction for 'that portion of the rail
way on Twelf th street shall be supported
by ornamental iron poles placed in the
center of the street. ... \
Supervisor Rea questioned the right of
the board to grant legally a franchise for
fifty years in the face of the charter pro
vision limiting such grants to twenty-five
years. ,Rea, aisp doubted the power of
the board to grant a second privilege to
the company to enter the city, since sim
ilar privileges had already been granted
to the corporation to come in at Army
and Illinois streets and also to traverse
the Dark Into the Richmond "District.
Rea, however, said he would vote aye on.
the passage to print of the ordinance, and
the action of the board was /unanimous
or-, that point.. The franchise , "will come
up for final passage on. March 4> 1906. Bill
'1910," granting the original franchise to the
company,-, was indefinitely postponed to
clear the" records. f VAM*tfi&-- ; \u0084 *
• On -motion, of - SupervisaL.>».E£Sers the^
board adjourned out of respect to ' the
memory of the late John ' Splllane,. captain
of police. EggerS; paid a glowing ? tribute
to the worth of "the deceased official. .The
'board wiUjmeet-hexi -Wednesday after
noon for Its business session^ -
CLAEA LIPMAN'S NEW
.COMEDY A SUCCESS
Author Assumes Title Eole
and -Shares f Honors With
Louis Mann.
BALTIMORE, Dec. 26.— The new com
edy drama of "Julie Bon-Bon," written
by Miss Clara' Ldpman, who appeared in
the title role, with Louis Mann sharing
the stellar honors, was produced to-night
for the first time on any [ stage at Al
baugh's Theater before a large audience.
VJulie Bon-Bon" is a comedy of New
York life. Julie is a French milliner, who
meets John Van' Brunt,, a young society
man. He falls madly : in love, and Julie
allows him to. believe she' is a French
girl of wealth and position." When she
finds that she, too, is in love, she Is con
fronted by the risk c-f losing John through
a confession of her station in life.
Complications ensue, and every , effort
is made to break up the match. These
come near beinjr successful at a banquet,
where John drags Julie from the con
vivial board, but everything comes out in
the conventional way.
Mann was particularly well received in
the role ot Jean : Poujol,; the reprobate
father of Julie, as , was Miss-LJpman aa
Julie. Both were called before the cur
tain.
PRESIDENT PItOMOTES MAN
• AVHO DEFENDED POSTOFFICE
Laborer In North Carolina Who Drove
Oft Burglar* Made a
ClcrU. .*<
WASHINGTON. Dec. 26.— As a re
ward for defending the postofflce .at
Emma," N. C, four years ago ; against
four burglars, President Roosevelt has
waived the civil, service regulations
upon"" the recommendation of Postmas
ter General Cortelyou, and; S.;H. Alex
ander's Christmas > gift was a : promo
tion from- a laborer to a clerkship in
the department. Not only^ has 'the
brave North Carolinian : been : promot
ed; but . to accentuate the \u25a0 honor an of
ficial statement * was V issued )\u25a0 to-day
which gives^a full account of the dead.
The "attempted -robbery ; occurred "on
the nlght'of February 6, 190 i; Alex
ander was shot In the abdomen in his
flghtwlth the burglars. ,
Annconda'.Pays Dividend.
NEW YORK, \ Dec. 2 6.— A dividend of
67% cents per." share' on" Anaconda." Cop-,
per was declared to-day. This isVacr
cepted to be, a .quarterly. - dividend' as
against the semi-annual dividend de
clared heretofore. '.The {last,- dividend
preceding v this;, one,; declared- three
months 'ago, wast at -the rate i of *|i:' 25
semi-annually.-or $2 ;50 per .year. ." Nine
months .ago the semi-annual dividend
was 75' cents per 'share or $1 50 annu
ally. " -;.\u25a0:\u25a0.-.. v .; .- : ' . \u25a0\u25a0 .
Ftre Damnges 'Courthouse.
\u25a0 LOUISVILLE, .- Ky> '. Dec! 26.— Fire
.this 'afternoon , damaged: '.the -Jefferson'
County ' Courthouse > and J for a * time*
threatened thecomplete -'destruction of
the ; edifice. - r J\The~ loss \! is r estlmated * at
\u25a0$£s,oooi%wlth' no "; insurance. \u25a0 ,* Hard .work
by/,the ; firemen; and X the ; pre
vented , any: serious damage " to < the;ac
cumulated records of a century. ;
Regensburg's American Cigar, Imitated
by others, equaled by none. t2 for 25c. "*'.':
Henry,- Suzzallo, '< Instructor "Jn educa-J
tlon, '. ' r Stanford , spoke \u25a0'\u25a0 on'
"The .^Psychology of 'Language '\u25a0\u25a0 Teach
ing i in ; the jGrades. '.*,,* "r /
.".The .session ...will be 1 resumed at- the
Alhambra this afternoon. "
i.Try ; the United. States Laundry. 100*
Market' street,; Telephone ' South 42(k» •• r
SCOTS HONOR
FORMER CHIEF
Silver Anniversary of A. M.
Macpherson and Wife Oc
casion of Happy Affair
MANY PRESENTS GIVEN
Merry, Caledonians Bestow
Testimonials of Affection
on Much Esteemed Couple
A reception was given to ex-Chief A.
M. Macpherson of the Caledonian Club
and his wife in Scottish Hall last night,
the occasion, being their, silver wedding
anniversary, by their numerous friends
in the club, under the auspices of the
literary committee, composed of First
Chieftain D. J. McFarland. R. McD.
Murray, W.\ P. . Grant. William Mitchell
and James A. Cameron. About one hun
dred and fifty members of the club, ac
companied by their wives or sweethearts,
were present. /
Chief D. D. Mcßae presided, and seated
on the platform with him were Mr. and
Mrs. Macpherson and their six children,
four boys and two girls. Immediately in
front of the platform were two large
tables filled with silver presents of all
sorts ' and sizes for the happy couple.
Prominent among the presents was a
solid silver dinner service from the
friends, the other presents being from
them as individuals.
The reception began at 9 o'clock and
did ntot conclude till midnight During
the four hours a splendid programme pre
pared by the , literary committee was
given, some of the .. numbers being re
ceived with the greatest enthusiasm.
Songs were contributed by Miss Lizzie
Ferguson, J. R. \. atson, Miss Annie
King, Horace Cookson and Misa Landry;
recitations by Miss Eva Smith, S. O.
Fraser and Alexander Smith; Highland
fling by Kenneth Mcßae; Scott.*-, dancing
by Miss Nellie -uacpherson and James
Rae; mandolin solo by, Donald Mcßae;
violin solo by J. JACameron, and pipe
music by the club piper, Neil _ Lindsay.
Addresses suitable to the occasion were
delivered by Chief Mcßae, First Chief
tain McFarland,; ex-Chief D. R. McNeill
and others. The presentation of the solid
silver -dinner service was made by First
Chieftain McFarland and ex-Chief Mac
pherson made a suitable and feeling re
ply.; Refreshments were served during
the evening. The happy affair was voted
a great success in every respect.
Mr. and Mrs. Macpherson were married
in St Peter's Church in this city on De
cembe 25, ISBO. Mrs. Macpherson ? was
Miss Georglana F. Young, a native
daughter. Six children have blessed their
union and all were present last night.
Mr. Macpherson was chief of the club for
four years, from 1900 to 1904, and by his
zealous and indefatigable work placed it
in a position financially and socially that
it had never before attained. .
COMMANDER EVA BOOTH
/ r ;f HOUSED IX NEW YORK
Lows Family lUns, Which She Had
Prized Because of As.io
clatloiis.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— 1t was learned
yesterday* that 'Commander Eva Booth
of • the Salvation "Army ' had her chate
laine bagcut from her wrist In a crush
at a subway "station. ' While there were
many papers of value to her and sev
eral dollars in the bag, her greatest loss
was the wedding. ring which her father
gave to her mother many years ago and
which at' her mother's death was given
to "/her sister. "Mrs. Booth Tucker/ who
was killed about two years ago in a
railroad wreck.
"Tho ring," said Miss Booth, "was
found on my sister's finger after her
death and it had been marred and bent
in the -wreck. I have prized It greatly
on account of; its .sad. sweet associa
tions. If ihe person who stole . niy
purse would only return the ring— no
matter how— l would gladly give- Its
value many times in order to again
possess it." \
nUVCKMAIUXG LETTKItS
FOXI 31UL.TI-MIIiLIOXAIRR
Charles . M. ; Grouse ' Ordered . to Pay to
Prevent Violence '.-to' Fnmlly
raid Home.
SYRACUSE. N. V.. Dec. 2C. — Charles
M. Crouse, one of the wealthiest men in
Syracuse and a multlrmillionaire. has
received two strange : letters threatening
to blow up Crouse's house if he did "not
place $2400 in cash in a cigar box on the
curb in front of his residence, to be called
for in the night. The letters have been
turned : over, to .the police.
The second letter, said that dynamite
would -be used on Crousc's house and
that ah attempt. would* bo" made on the
lives; of the members' of his family If
he did not produce the money.
\ Court-.Mnrt Jnl' to Try Midnhlpraan.
ANNAPOLIS, Md.; Dec. 26.—From
the staff of the Naval Academy,; Pro
fessor Philip': R.. Alger, arid Lieutenant
Commander L. \u0084'M. Nulton\have been
detailed :' as members of' the court
martial that try .Midshipman
Trenmore Coffin -Jr., charged vwrith
hai'ingr hazed; Midshipman J. P. Kim
brought" . Lieutenant, Comander . "W.
J. Harrison/has .been designated as
judge advocate. .->,The-. charge and spe
cification ; have been . prepared by the
Naval "Academy authorities .. and ".will
be served upon the accused to-morrow.
\u25a0H^liils^l^ffi^ tHe has Just submitted to the Board of Health bis report on the purity of the different I
F^liiii^S^S^ brands of beer sold in this city. His analyses of CASCADE LAGER and 1
\u25a0BBJij t S? STEAM BEER., made by the Union Brewing and Malting Company, abow* sad proTss
IrrifjSß^^ffli&j Color * Density Total phurousAcid Albnmlas p^^fiy SuiyhnS^*
I 1I l I /tdr i*^?r "" ""'"*" .\u25a0— — ll— ll—l-l— \u25a0 —.11-11 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 HI ,1|.,1,. . \u25a0 !\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0!!\u25a0 .. I I \u25a0\u25a0! I ' \u25a0»\u25a0 1,,
f^^^^^^ll iMl^n These Figures Show the Absolute Purity of This Beer
§liilillr^ l '' J^' The above is an exact copy of the report of the City Chemist's analyses en file at the City Hall. I
I UNION BREWING AND MALTING CO.
\u25a0%HufiH|^^H^^Vci3§P . The public should remember this fact when buying beer and always ask for Caacada. J
POPUI-AR COUPLE WHO CELE
BRATED THEIR TWENTY-FIFTH
WEDDING ANNIVERSARY. \
SCOTTISH SINGER ENCHANTS V
AUDIENCE HERE ONCE MORE
Silas 'jensle Maelachlan Returns From
the Antipodes, Where Her Snc
ce»» Was Phenomenal.
An enthusiastic audience listened
once more to Miss Jessie Maclachlah.
truly named the Queen of Scottish
song, at Native Sons' Hall last even
ing. Miss Maclachlan was heard here
a few months ago, when she and her
concert party, consisting of that great
violincellist, John McLlnden. and Rob-.
ert Buchanan, the pianist, took ship
for the Antipodes, where they ap
peared at. 150 or more concerts and
crowded the halls to the doors.
"The. fair Scottish songstress returns
with her sweet voice as full of melody
as ever and under the auspices of Clan
Fraser No. 78, sang Jacobite songs and
Gaelic songs in a manner to cause
tumultuous applause, the like of
which has been heard in the city but
rarely. And McLlnden showed what
a wonderful instrument the cello 13
and how voice-like can be made the
tones. McLinden is a magician with
the instrument as Miss Maclachlan is
with the voice.
Following was the programme:
Piano solo, "Mossgiel*; (Buchanan). Robert
Buchanan; dramatic song, "Angus MacdonaJd"
(Rockel), Miss Jessie Maclachlan; cello solo.
"Czardas" (Fisher). Jqhn McLlnden: Jacobite
songa— (a) "O Can Ye Sew Cushions?" (Anon),
(b) "Wi'ra Hundred Pipers' "\tLady Nairne).
Miss Jessie Maclachlan; cello solo. "Scottish
Fantasia" (Paque); introducing "The Auld
Hoose," "Nannie. Wilt Thou Gang?" and
"Loudon's .Bonnie Woods and Braes." John
McLJnden; Irish sons, "Rory CMore" (Lover).
Miss Jessie Maclachlan; piano solo. "Aufsch
wung" '(Schumann). Robert Buchanan: cello
solo. "Andante and Finale," B minor con
certo (Da vidoff). John McLlnden; GaaUo *an%,
"Mo Dhachaidh" (My Home) (Macfarlane).
Miss Jessie Maclachlan: cello solo — (a) •Trau
merei" (Schumann). <b) "Tarantelle" (PlattO.
John Mcliinden; Jacobite song. "Will Ye No.'
Come Back Again?" (Nairne), Miss Jessla
Maclachlan.
The concert party, will appear again
to-morrow evening at the same hall.
BELLIGERENT ITALIANS
SHOOT TWO POLICEMEN
Tarn \u25a0 Their*. Weapon* Upon Official*
VV h<> Attempt to Arrest
r : ':* Them.
TORRINGTONV Conn., Dec. 26. — While
attempting to arrest a party of Italians
who were fighting. Robert Lewitt. a
policeman, - was fatally shot and L. S.
Hull. Chief of Police, was stabbed early
to-day." Eight Italians were shooting
at one another when the police appear
ed ana the Italians turned their wea
pons against them. Chief Hull is ex
pected to recover.
Banker Get* Light Sentence.
A>*A"MQSA, lowa. Dec. 6.— E. E. Sny
der^/ormT banker at Ofln, whose fail
ure cost depositors 5100.000 and who
fied and was later arrested in St. Louis,
was sentenced to-day to pay a fine of
$100 and costal Snyder pleaded guilty
to fraudulent banking, but creditors
signed a plea for clemency. >,
GUNS ARE USED
IN RIVER FICHT
Battle of Humboldt-Fisher
men Results in Wounding
of Americans and Italians
FOREIGNERS START ROW
Yankee Caught in Float
ing Saloon Held Up as a
Shield by His Captors
EUREKA. Dec. 26.— A bloody battle on
Christmas night between rival fishermen
of Eel River resulted in the wounding of
several men. The American and Italian
fishermen had a falling out at th© open
ing of the season. The feelinjr became
so bitter that late Monday night a
party of Italians descended on the float-
Ing river saloon in which the Americans
were celebrating Christmas and shouted
their intention of cleaning out the place.
Before they could approach nearer a
charge . of buckshyt^was fired Into their
\nidst and several of them were wounded.
Xhe lights in the saloon were put out and
\he Americans launched a boat and
>ulled toward the shore. Tho Italians
noticed .'he maneuver and followed. When
near the !>ank the Americans fired upon
them again, wounding several more.
Had it n'.t been for the fact that the
Italians had stopped at the saloon and
captured an American named Casey, who
had been loft behind, a fatal fight would
have ensued- Casey, who had been
wounded, called to his companions ashore
to cease firing. To insure better protec
tion the Italians held up Casey and used
him as a shield. Later the Italian*
reached shore at a point lower down the
river, and. after binding and gagging Ca
sey, left him in a field badly wounded.
He worked himself loose and made uid
way to Lolota. He was. arrested there to
night on complaint of one of the Ital
ians. \u25a0
Another American known v French
was wounded in the stomach and is in
a serious condition. Two others were ar
rested near the scene of the trouble.
Four Italians have been treated for
gunshot wounds, making a total of six
men wounded in the fight. Feeling ia
running high to-night and it is believed
more serious trouble will follow and thera
is talk of calling upon the county authori
ties for aid.
WITNESS TO FLIRTATION
GIVES HIS TESTIMONY
He Falls, ' However, to Materially
Strengthen the Claims of Sirs.
Mary LeafK««««
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 26. — City Detective
Gratlot Cabanne was the principal wit
ness to-day in the Probate Court in
the suit of Mrs. Mary Leafgreen for
half of the estate of $300,000 of the
late Laclede J. Howard of San Fran
cisco, whom she says she married in
ISB3.
Mrs. Leafgreen testified that Detectiva
Cabanne was a passenger on a subur
ban car en which she was rldins when
she met Howard. Cabanne testified
that while on the car he saw a man
•whom he took to be Laclede J. Howard
turn and look at Mrs. Leafgreen sev
eral times and he thought a flirtation
was in progress and watched the « two
with interest. He said, however, that
he was not absolutely sure that the
man was Howard.
THEATRICAL COMPANY HAS
CLOSE CALL WITH FLA3IES
One Hundred and Fifty Guesta Burned
Out ' In. a PennsylYanla
Hotel.
. UtfICOSTOWN, Pa.. Dec 26. — Firo*
«arlyv to-day practically ruined the in
terior and contents of the Exchange
Hotel, one of the leading hostelrles
in this city. One hundred and fifty
guests were forced to flee to the
streets in their night clothes.
There were many narrow escapes.
Several members of the "Princess
Chic" Theatrical Company were al
most asphyxiated and were carried
from the building by the firemen. Tha
family of Q. G. Gans. including hus
band, wife and two daughters, -were
found in their rooms and taken to the
street by a ladder that had been ele
vated to the third floor. Mrs. Gans
and daughters are prostrated.
WIRELESS .HESS AGE TRAVELS
SEVENTEEN HUNDRED MILES
Reply From Cuba to Greeting* ot
V Detitr Read la .Ma.uachu-
BOSTON, Dec. 26. — The Charleitown
naval station notified the Bureau ot
Equipment at Washington to-day that
Admiral Dewey'a wireless Christmas
greetings from Washington to Cuba
and the reply from Cuba to Washington
had been read by the wireless tele
graph operator at the station here.
The reply, which was sent from
Guantanamo by Commander Rogers,
had traveled 1700 miles before It was
read at the naval station here.
Dntamltes Himself on Grave.
PITTSVILLE, Pa^, Dec 2 6.—De
spondent over the recent death of his
daughter, George Auman, 50 years oC
age, threw himself upon her grave to
day and then exploded a stick of dy
namite on his chest. The dynamics
blew v him Into Pieces.MAYOR NAMES RONCOVIERI
TO SUCCEED LANGDON.
Director Will Be
Superintendent
of Schools.
Announcement Is
Made at Meeting
of Teachers.
"When Mayor Schmitz appeared before
the sa.therir.gr of teachers in Alhambra
Theater yesterday he began his address
with the' announcement that he had ap
pointed Alfred Roncovieri Superintendent
of Schools of San Francisco, to succeed
"William H. Lansdon. who was elected
District Attorney. Roncovieri has served
as president of the Board of Education of
this ciiy, and the Mayor declared that he
hud reason to expect that the appointee
would till the office as satisfactorily as
Lritngdon had done.
L:Ke the Mai or, Roncovieri is a mem
ber of the Musicians' Union, and he is
also a factor in political activities. While
the announcement of the appointment by
Echmitz yesterday was the first official
v. - ord that had been received from him
by the public In the matter, he had
quietly given out his intention of ap
pointing the president of the Board of
Education^ and ail the other aspirants
bad *ignilied their withdrawals from the
coulee t.
FCIIMITZ TO HESIGX AS
PARK BOARD SECRETARY
Maror'i r.rnthcr !»ay« He Will Give Up
I'oiltical Life to Go Into Insur
ance Business.
Herbert Schmitz yesterday announced
that he will resign his position as sec
retary of the Park Commission, to lake
«. Tfe<:i un the first of the year.;; The
Mayor* brother says he will retire
fru:n political life to go into the in
surance business, which he has had in
contemplation for some time past.
Runior has it that some available
comimssionersliip will eventually be
found for Herbert, but no definite an
nouncement has been made on that
score. James de fc>u<*ca. at present
storekeeper of the Board of Education.
is cesTious of reassuminj? the secre
taryship of the Park Board, from which
he resigned a year aco to permit of the
appointment thereto ' of Herbert
Sciimitz, who had resigned as a mem
ber of the Board of Works at the time.
It is hig-hly probable that De Succa
\u25a0will have h's hop*»s realized.
MOTHER SENDS HER
YOUNG SOX TO JAIL
Keeps Promise and Notifies
Officers When Lad lte
tnrns Home.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call
SEATTLE. Dec. 25.— Brokenhearted
over the crim#» that her K-yt-ar-oid boy
had committed, but true to her promise
to pT**>--h\m- up to thf law. Mrs. Downey
of 1145* Eastlake avenue telephoned the
Marshal's office at 7 o'clock last evening
that her son, Robert Hopkins, who stole
JSft from the sub-noptoffice in the Bon
•Marche, a rirpartTHPirt store, last week,
haxi returned home. He was at once
•placed under arrest and taken to the
County Jail. He wa? scr.t from the sub
station xr> the general postofflce to buy
•JSO worth of stamps a week ago. He ran
Avay to Tac^ma, crg-aginjr a room at the
•Donnelly Hotel and went freely about
that city, spending the stolen money.
•Christmas <lay his mosey was gone and
he returned home. Young Hopkins -is
incorrigible, having run away from home
three tirrre?.
STABS HIS COMPANION
. EIGHT TIMES AND FLEES
Hpree of Two San Bernardino
3len May End in
Fatality.
Special Dirps-tch to Tti» Call.
. SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 26.— A se
riflus stabbing affray occurred at a ranch
three or four mil^s south of Chlno last
jiijrht. A man named Mrn»s Barnett
"stabbed W. N. Parker eight time?. Bar
jiett fiod fmntetiiateiy' aft^r the trouble,
but wag arrested by Deputy Sheriff
George ' Hoi comb about 10 o'clock this
morning only a for.' miles from the scene
of th.c crime No rea. c on is assigned for
fbc fracas, and the prisoner is unable to
remember anything, both he and his vic
tim being under the influence of liquor at
the time of the trouble. His preliminary
fxamination. at which District Attorney
Sprecher will b*- present, has been Bet for
toimorrow at -1 o'clock. Parker io dan
irerourly wounded.
BATTLES WITH GALE
ON INITIAL VOYAGE
Uncle Sanrs Nebraska Meets
Rough Weather on Way
to Bremerton.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SEATTLE. Dec. 26.— The battleship.Ne
braska, on her initial trip from Moran
Brothers' fhip yard, had ro fiirht.a south
w«-st tral*> onher way to the Puget Sound
navy yard at Rrcmerton. The battleship
left -her berth in tow cf three tugs. The
wa? blowirg and the sound was a
rc;:?r-'uf whU^rap?. Abreast of Duwamish
Head the battleship met the full force
of the pale. One of the hawsers on one
of the tugs broke, but was fixed without
much <lelay.- For a time it was feared
that the big vessel had met with an in-
Jury. The battleship will be thoroughly
elrsnod and nor propellers put in place.
Dyspepsia
nnd other •stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
cured by the use of
Absolutely Harmless
SuccessfuHy~iised ' by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute- Not
genuine without my signature on
Jabel.
One $1.00 Bottle, Free
to anyone sending me this advertisement
with 25c. to pay postage.
Good until
Jan. 15/06. y-A jj / '"§'_,
a family. <S_-<-<_>
«1 .0 Prince Street, New Yonc
Send for BoolM on Hoa io Prevent
or Cure Dueate.
AI^FIinD RONCOVIERI. V.KO HAS
BEEN APPOINTED SUPERIN- ~
TENDENT Or" PUBL.IO SCHOOL.S.
BURNED WHILE
PLAYING SANTA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Dec. 26.— A Christmas party at
the Burruj home in this city, which
promised to be a brilliant and happy af
fair, was nearly turned into a tragedy
last Sunday night, when the clothing: of
Ruby Simas, a yoYing lady dressed as
Santa Ciaus, caught lire and the young
lady was nearly burned to death before
the eyes of her friends and the many lit
tle children mat had gathered to receive
gifts from her hands.
The young woman is terribly burned
about the face and is still in a very se
rious condition. Her physicians hope,
however, to save her life, although she
probably earn* scars as a result of the
burns for the rest of her life.
F. P. Dann, the photographer. In his
effort to extinguish the flaming clothing,
was terribly burned, and Mrs. H. Myere,
a guest of Mrs. Burrus, received a pain
ful bnrn on the left hand. Other guests
also -rv-ere burned. The window curtains
caught fire and in a few minutes the tree
and the interior of the room was ablaze,
but the flames were extinguished before
the department arrived.
FIGHTS WITH THIEF
ON TOP OF A CAR
Conductor Wins by Throw
ing: Robber Off Rapidly
Running Train.
Euecial Dispatch to The Call
PORTLAND, Dec. 26.— Some time yes
terday a car on the local freight train
was broken into, presumably near Arling
ton. The conductor made a careful search
through his train lato at night near Dcs
Chutes while running about twelve miles
an hour and discovered a man with a
large sack well filled on top of one of the
cars. Demanding to see the contents of
the sack and meeting with a refusal, he
started to pick up the sack, when the
thief assailed' him. During the struggle
they roll«.»d very near the edge of the
car, when the conductor caught the
board. He managed to throw the thief
from the car, and he immediately climbed
down the ladder so he might secure the
pack, which had rolled off with the
thief. Finding the booty and hearing the
robber scrambling up the hillside, he
bearded the train and notified The Dalles.
After an exciting- chase at Arlington
John Kelly, recognized as a notorious box
car thief, was captured and -confessed
he waa the man who fought with the
conductor on the top of a box car.
KILLS COMPANION
AS HE LIES ASLEEP
Indian . Crazed by Liquor.
jlurders Redman With
an Ax.
ANGELS. Dec. 26.— Three Indians, lo
cally known. as Jess, Jack and Mary, the
last two being man and wife, celebrated
Christmas by getting* drunk/ and this
morning Jack's body was found on the
trail to the rancheria, with the head
and trunk split open. Indian Mary was
found at the rancheria. She has several
wounds. Jess 1b In jail charged with the
murder. The etory is that the three left
Carson, ' a few miles from this place:
yesterday, all drunk, and headed ovox the
trail to the rancheria beyond Valleclto, a
few miles cast of Angels. Jess and Jack
quarreled and Jess went back to John Pe
rano's place, where he procured an ax and
followed along the trail until he caught
up with Jack lying in a drunken stupor.
Frenzied by the white man's liquor he
split Jack's head cpen from the top, and
hacked far down into the trunk. Then
he attacked Mary, and she received sev
eral bad cuts, ''but she managed to get
away and reach the rancheria, to which
place Jess followed. Trils morning an In
dian boy coming down the trail found
the dead Indian and gave the alarm.
Town In Knmai Burned.
WILSONVILLE, Neb., Dec. 26.— The
business' part of Herndon, Kans., * was
destroyed by fire to-day. Two drug
stores, a meat market, bank and three
g-eneral stores, including stock and
buildings, were burned, together with
emaller concern*. A hardware store
and general Btore alone are left.
Kindness is the key to every heart
'. '.\u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 \u25a0.'\u25a0.,\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - ;^S^»^3h^S
THE- SAN* FRANCISCO \u25a0 CALL", WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 27. 1905.
ALICE NIELSEN
TRIUMPHANT IN
DON PASQUALE
Brava, little Nielsen! Brava!
Alice Nielsen came home last night to
show what she could do in grand opera-
She came as Norina lin "Don Pasquale,"
the Tlvoll the place, and Pacific avenue.
Telegraph Hiir and everything between
for audience. We had heard here of
Milan approving, of Naples admiring, of
Miss Nielsen's London triumphs— but she
"had to show us," as they say at the
Orpheum. She "showed us" last night,
and the local incredulity as to its own
.was neatly shattered, and those who be
lieved that theyfetching little singer had
simply dlmplea her way into grand opera
were fairly confuted. For Miss Nielsen
has distinctly "arrived."
The poetlo fitness would have been bet
ter served had it been the old Ttvoli
where Alice Nielsen sang last night. It
was -there that the silvery little voice
was first heard and that fascinating little
mole first seen. But she did not look a
day different last night. She is Just the
same round-eyed, dimpled, dainty \u25a0 little
thing as ever, and the voice, though
larger, is still as f resn and pure. .
But the Nielsen of last night is a
very different person from the little
singer that used to do "bits" at the old
Tivoli. Perhaps she 'has not yet the
full sweep of grand opera. A year
will make a tremendous difference . in
the singer. She is now on the oper
atic fence. Palpably she Is a little
afraid of the comic opera (suggestion,
and as "Don Pasquale" happens to be
that kind of opera, one misses therein
the natural merriment that she fears
to bring toMhe role. But give Miss
Nielsen the aplomb that comes from
full recognition, and the operatic
stage will gain one of the most charm
ing of the lighter lyric singers. She
sang a charming Norina last night,
that in time should be as brilliant as it
is now exquisite.
This means, of course, that Uls's
Nielsen, always a good student, has
been hard at work since she left here.
Her coloratura work in particular his
gained and the voice has gained both
in volume and quality. The trill is
still not good, but the 'scales pearl out
delightfully and she has one of the
rit-Ulest of staccatos. She is still trua
as a lark in the intonation and the
purity and freshness of the voice sur
prise anew every time one thinks of
them.
And easily as a lark she sings,
phrasing- with charming taste — except,
perhaps, for an exaggerated pianissimo.
Miss Nellsen is not the fair Lulsa, but
from her work last night one sees am
ple room both for her and Tetrazzinl
on the grand opera stage. Even Tele
graph Hill shouted "Bis!" for her, and
the rest of the house heartily added
its quota of appreciation.
"As to acting — in spite of the afore
paid fear of being wholly her very\
comical self — Miss Nielsen was most
plquantly satisfying, and as to picture,
she was the prettiest that grand opera
has to give. That was why, perhaps,
one forgave the . last curtain being
rung up while she sang Tostl's "Good
by" that had been "requested" by some
good but-inartistic souls. Not that she
did not sing it well, but thai; kind of
thing should be left- to the Melbas
and Pattis. Miss Nielsen is much too
pretty so to offend.
The support includes a little jewel of a
tenor # a pocket Guille, who matches Miss
Nielsen's canary note witn a little vocal
silver of his own that might have Jbeen
made for the business. His name is Sig
nor Pratti, and his voice is pure tenor,
lyric in the fullest sense. And Slgnor
Pratti. is as good a singer , as he is a
tenor. It Is not a powerful voice, but so
delicately shaded, so nicely used, that
all the effect of volume is given. He
smiles as prettily as he sings, which
makes up for acting that is somewhat
naive. But Slgnor Pratti's boyish Ernest
is a distinctly likable achievement all
round, and vccally a small gem. His
"Com 'c Gentil" was delightfully sung,
rouslngly encored, and repeated with art
less pleasure In the applause.
The barytone, Fratodl, might be better
If be had remembered to bring the rest
of his voice along— and Slgnor Rosa is
almost a voiceless basso. But Rosa is
otherwise a good buffo. The* Tivoli cho
rus, so rejoiced to get into rand opera
again that it came in a scene ahead, did
well. The unprogrammed director did
good work with the "scratch" orchestra,
and broke all Tivoli records with his
white kid" gloves. .
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Teddy Webb on Deck.
Teddy Webb has recovered from his
serious illness and will reappear at the
Tivoli to-night. He will play the char
acter of Jupiter in "Orpheus in Hades."
He will sing several new topical songs
and introduce a number of novel witti
cisms and specialties. -S.'-.*-"
DANTE RELICS TAKEN
BY JESTING THIEVES
Burglars Leave Note Saying
"You Florentines Are
Idiots."
FLORENCE. Dec. 2G. — Much excite
ment has been caused here by the dar
ing of thieves who seem to have been
org-finized to steal the art treasures.
Last night they made a hole in a w.tll
of the ancient house of Dante, from
whkh they succeeded in carrying off
several relics of, the poet. Before louv
ing the thieves wrote on one of the
walls
"You Florentines are idiots. You
have salable things and don't know it."
BRITISH CRUISER JiANDS
A FORCE IX SHANGHAI
SHANGHAI, Dec. 26.— A1l is quiet
here. A force of 250 men has landed
from .the British .cruiser Andromeda,
and .bluejacketi guards are maintained
all through theforeign concession. ..-
The British Assessor Twyman will
resume the session of mixed court, to
morrow., The Chinese .. officials have
tardily issued warrants . for the arrest
of the promoters of the*' riot who have
escaped. '. i • •
Natural Alkaline- Water. ' j
e?3 JLPyspcpsio.
J|lL Stomach
|||y|l Troubles
iMncnlh* The genuine is «1-
Lc-^W?*^ - ways sold iii bottles
pggj&f "^ like this
E^j=Sjfegs Beware of Syphon*,
lljgiSrfr<g they do not contain
%satxjj»»r VICHY
\ HALF PRICE THIS WEEK FOR MANY THINGS if
I v . : And From One-Third to One-Quarter Off on Many Others , I*
5 \u25a0 Getting things shipshape to begin 1 906 business— -disposing of all remaining lots of exclusive Hobday Novelties at miich less j{
j than cost— goods that have been used in store displays, at one-quarter, one-third and one-half less than regular prices. j»
I F&airmsh Any ' Room m ths H®gss© Mssw f
I For About Halt the Price You Expected! to Have to > Pay |
£ If you are planning to do any furnishing, whether it be a single room or a hotel, you will probably never have a better op* .*
J portunity offered you than the sale now in progress in The Emporium. AH Furniture reduced 25 per cent from our usual "«
6 low prices, which we guarantee are 20 percent less than exclusive Furniture Houses ask for the same qualities, making your savings >«
§ now nearly half. This reduction applies to all furniture except kitchen furniture, bed springs and mattresses. Carpets reduced 5
Jf 15 per cent. '- \u25a0..">•••\u25a0\u25a0 - - '' . - x
§ Boxed Stationery l /$ Off At Hatf PfbCG Your New Year *
* 1906 Calendars % Off H^r^p^Yi^^^M^^k Cigars in Boxes $
X : Every Fancy Calendar in the store offered Calendars, Piperacky Jewel Gases, Toilet Holiday Boxes f2}4c Cigars I?
5 at half price, to dose them out before the end of |^a^Md4lMdker^efißg«^ The favo,it= bxand, o{ Key W«t Haran. C^m-HumboldtK 3
J the week. Were 25c to $15: now 130 to $7.50 Optimos. Bod.. Van Dykes and Sanche. & Haya. the .J
X Hundreds of boxes, of fine Stationery : ... -. . Urge nze— l2 in box 7 $1,35 jj
J that have been N used for display purposes so that QffJ Qm, QU SM*sQB* Off 25 in box . .$2.50 lOOmbox. . $9*OO x
g boxes are slightly mussed, and hundreds of other ** . -. , A . Holiday Boxes tOe C/gars >
I c^vSraS^rs- |
r, prices mis ween. .;, -, .T.. T . n . , r>- 1 d t d in a bat »<- QOo
i . Creamers, Water Pitchers. Punchßowls. Bon- High Grade Porto Rico Cigars, box of 50 .. 52-OO j{
6 SttUareS and ShawlS -Dishes, Decanters, Celery Trays, Water Small Clear Havana Cigars, a fbe smoke. 50 in box >»
-~ -' . g% -\u25a0- * M - Bottles, etc. • \u25a0\u25a0 .\u25a0 V ; ' J.V •=•>;••• . $2mOO j«
* Une"QUarter Un . On several hundred Bronze Busts, Statuettes, Holiday BoXGS 5o Cigars •*
ft Quite a lot of iquare and circular knit ihawU that have been Decorated China" Vases, Bohemian , Vases, \u0084 „ AIJD . wr d -^^2
J u*d lor di.pl.y purpose, m.,k«d \u0084 ,l« ou. to w«k:. CWna Dish« and Oa Ump.. J box"f 50 "*" " "^ $ 1.65 I
S «:SSIKio r r/.-.-ir'sO S w On many impo rte a p;M«tolp ;M«tol Corona c^s, i 2i 2 V 60c; »' i SJ-fg, |
•f $4 00 Shawls for &3.00 Wares, such as Coffee Machines, rudding 50 ia box $2.00 "C
fc* \u25a0- \u25a0 • \u25a0 - iy Diihe*, Chafing Dishes, Five O Clock Teakettles, Tea __ jg
X , • Seta, Candelabra, Steam Coffee Machines, etc. - 'ft
* One-Quarter Off Aprons /,=== Read Tho Big Store's Prtoos *
I Used in Xmas Display o^pp^Bnoo in California New year's Wines $
jf These are the aprons with which that pretty The Gigantic Fairy And Liquors $
tt booth on the second floor was constructed and Sokp Bubble Fountain o#p# s# whisky— A very fine $1.50 qnality. bottle >l
j| trimmed. They were handled a good deal during THs Fountain "covers a space 8 feet b -• • $UOS *
»* the display, but sustained no injury that laundering diameter at the base, and 25 feet in height, Tlpo Chlanti Wine— Red or white, .pedal quart . BSo £
J will not repair. We, however, could hot return BUrmO unted by a life-size Fairy. 'It produces Alarquette Rye— Worth $1.25 bottle, special . . .75© .«
I* them to stock in a soiled condition and so take one- a flow of about one million connected bubbles Rhine Wines— Genuine imported. Rodesheimex or Braun- -jj
Jf quarter off regular prices to dispose of them this week. each hour bubbles are made in such ber^r-bstead of $l.ooabottle. case of 12 bode. $7.50; fc
| Aprons Marked 35c, 42c, 68c up to $1.25 Urge numbers that before they have time to '££}? %'rt J 1^1" \u25a0" "" Vs' La Mtn% S
* EVHnr*»rl tn "27r "K\r 51r un *n QAr 1 i i 1 n . • ' 1 - Cordials — Assorted, decanters . .- . sOO and o/*u{/ ji
J Reduced to 27c, 31c, 51c up to 94c : burst and melt away they collect in a large Dlnner Wlnes _ Sau terne or Zmfaadel; good quaKry. S
J> _ at mas solid column seven feet vi diameter and over 7So ° %
X Cretonne NOVeltleS ten feet in height Whisky-Hermitage or Old Crov, stxaighi goods, gallon $
*- Half Price Underneath this mass of babbles are numerous elec- $4mOO *
5.. i •? j r lJr L . i trie lights, which cause them to sparkle and reflect Paul Alassotl Champagne — Finest domestic champasno -5
More or less soiled from handling, but not enough iridescent color,. made, pints. SOo; ca£ of 2 doz. pint*. SieJoOf ?
£to destroy their usefulness; Only a soap of the highest purity would be capable quarts, $1.50; case of I ioz. ouarts .. . $16. 00 lx
*? 75c Boxes for Collars and Cuffs, Gloves, of sucn wonderful results." One pound of FAIRY Whisky — Emporium A Bourbon, gallon. $3mOO; quarts, j*
*i Veils and Handkerchiefs- •.37 %O SOAP makes the bubbles for three , days. Over 85c"; pints '•\u25a0••. so ° %
JC n - \xj io f "o7i/« 25,000,000 bubbles in one pound. . , Hock Wine — A good Sonoma County wine, gallon . BOc "<C
jf /3C \u0084° ii \u25a0 J^r i Ui' 'W ' i*t. The Fountain is nmnin 2 every day— on the main Swedish Punch— The best imported, bottle .. . $1,50 X
tf 50c Handkerchief and Glove Boxes • 200 aisle at the Jessie street enhance. Whisky— Wilson. Rye or Paul Jones. bottle BSo %
X 30c Handkerchief and Glove Boxes • 15c Do not miss this wonderful sight. Fruit Brandies — Apricot, Peach or Cherry, bottle . 7 So "t
£ 40c Collar Cases .• . . ..•\u25a0• 2Oc i I Cherries In Maraschino— H4i pints. 2Sc; %
£ 40c Glove Cases . .... • • 200 ih . _^p >Q<^ ! P™ I ** 4°°* <* aai ** ••:;- v ' * * * Oo •*
H 'iOr Handkerchief Cases. ... 2So /// JLC \u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 f * : Flasks— Fancy wicker filled with eitaei wines or .J
h aitc n- . ir JWsf f> 0/^\JI-MS Aa>ik>(- mg m M^f^ liquors from, each HOO to 9l»OO v
I foc 2 c^rca!i amß •. §2% Wf7£&m2olUMgL "ir t?t ?J > £z? a "r s \
?5r N«»m1Ip Books : 4 : '"P 12V O CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- s M ~ \u0084 "" Mumm— «nts, 31-45, quarto . . . . 92.75 %
5> a ZDc lNeedie^DOOkS • • ... 'f/-O T|l||| . i|jr Ml"" Cliquot— Pints, $1.55; quarts. . . . 52.90 .%
'& PinCUShlOnS, One half Oft -mtj^j^akint^ 1^ 7 AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE; White Seal— Pints, $1.45; quarts .. .$2.75 2
ti ' \u25a0-\u0084--\u25a0 | \u25a0 . ..-- .. .....:;,..,•.,.,- „,. ,;-.-.,v.-. .- ..,.•>\u25a0 ......
HORSE IS KILLED
BY TROLLEY CAR
>TAPA, Dec. 26.— A serious accident oc
curred to-day on the Vallejo and Napa
Valley Electric Railway line about half
a mile below Napa. The horse attached
to the buggy which contained Mrs. Retty
of Napa and B. Cassau of San Francisco
was killed and Mrs. Retty was severely
injured. Mrs. Retty was driving the
horse along the road near the track.
When a car arrived opposite the horse
the animal gave a sudden jump and
landed directly in front of it. The car
struck the horse with terrible force, in
flicting injuries which caused the animal's
death in a few minutes. Mrs. Retty, who
was thrown heavily to the ground, sus
tained severe injuries about the shoul
ders. Cassau, who also was thrown out,
was only slightly bruised.
GOOD SHIP PORTLAND
WILL BE TOTAL LOSS
Jhill Full of Holes From Con
tact With Rocks of Spire
Island.
SEATTLE, Dec. 26>- That the steam
ship Portland will be a total loss is
the story received in, Seattle from the
officers sof the Canadian steamship
Amur, which reached Skagway last
night .from . Vancouver. The Amur
passed the Portland on her trip. north.
The passengers on the Portland left
Ketchlkan on Sunday on board the
Alkl. The Portland, which ran ashore
on December. 21, is full of holes from
her contact with the rocks of Spire
Island, twenty-one miles from Ketch
ikan, and is leaking badly. The tug
Pioneer is getting ready to go north
for her. .Captain. Lindquest and two
men are still on;the doomed vessel.
The Portland has among/its cargo
600 tons of ore, which prevents the ves
sel'from slipping: off the rocks. At the
time of the : accident the vessel was
running: from Valdez and Seward to
Seattle! The Portland brought out. the
first treasure -from the Klondike - to
Seattle. She was once used by the
opium ring to smuggle Chinese, and
also by the! Cubans as a filibuster.
She was" a banana steamer on the
Mosquito Coast. - X,-/;
OFFICER ACCIDENTALLY SHOT
WEEK AGO TO LOSE HIS LEO
Limb Will Be Amputated Below the
Knee to Save Life of Wounded ;
\u25a0 . . \u25a0 : Constable/
MONTEREY, Dec. 26.— Constable
Hinkle, who was accidentally shot
with' his own revolver about a week
ago, will lose his leg:. The leg -will
have to be cut off below the knee.
Arrangements have been made to take
the man to Gilroy- to-morrow, where
the operation -will be performed. In
order to save the mart's; life amputa
tion of the limb is necessary.. . .
TWO TROOPS OP CAVALRY , :-^{
ON WAY, TO PHILIPPINES
Arrive In Seattle and Are Immediately
Sent to San' Francisco to. Board
-.Transport. \u25a0 --'-\u25a0;
SEATTLE. Dec. 26— A special train
arrived over the Great Northern tracks
this morning bringing two; troops of
the Eighth' Cavalry from Fort Assini-;
bolne. They were immediately switch-;
ed over . to) the Northern Pacific tracks
and sent , south ,to San Francisco. From
that port they; will .embark; on a Gov-_
crnment transport and T sail. for. the
Philippine* Islands," .'-.whels 'they ; ; have
been; assigned ito'duty. for the next. two
years. '
FIRE DESTROYS
AN OLD CHURCH
HBALDSBURG, Dec. 26.— About mid
night fire destroyed the old Presbyterian
church owned by Rev. J. Overton of Oak
land. This church was the first to be
constructed In Northern Sonoma County.
It was erected In 1557 and had long been
one of Healdsburg's landmarks. .The
church has not been used for. several
months.' It Is claimed that the fire was
caused from a Christmas tree around
which were gathered members of a poor
family which dwelt, in the rear part of
the old •. structure. Dr. Crocker's large
sanitarium adjoining took fire and but for
the energetic . and heroic efforts of the
firemen would have been destroyed. The
loss will aggregate about $1000. y
COURT STOPS WORK
ON OREGON RAILROAD
lii junction First Step in Bat
tle Between Hill and
Harriman.
PORTLAND. Dec. 26.— The granting of
an Injunction by the State Circuit Court
directing the Portland and Seattle Rail
road" and Slmms & . Shields, contractors,
to discontinue the work of railroad con
struction in the vicinity of. a proposed
crossing with the new line of the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company, be
tween here ami tho Columbia River,
marks the first legnl clash actually to
occur between the principals themselves,
in the alleged fight between the Hill and
Harriman interests. , Both companies
have for- some time been striving to gain
the vantage at the point of crossing in
order to establish ; a '\u25a0 grade to which the
other "company would have' to conform.
Condemnation proceedings were started
by the Oregon" Railroad and Navigation
and the Portland and Seattle Railroad
purchased a right of'way'over the dis
puted -lapd.
\u25a0 Saturday the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation, Company. learning that ac
tive : construction was in progress In the
neighborhood of the disputed point, se
cured a' temporary injunction, which was
served on the Portland and Seattle Rail
road and the contractors, directing them
to cease 'work until the court could de
termine the rights of the Oregon Rail
road and ' Navigation Company.
>Thls document, it is "asserted, was
served on- President j Flanders and the
contractors ; Saturday. It is said that in
violation' of the court's order the Port
land and S Seattle | Railroad .continued its
work day and night, Sunday and Monday,
and has built 300 feet of track acro3s"the
land and established a grade.
On tho other hand.' It Is stated, no suit
was filed orpending under which the Cir
cuit Court could issue the. restraining or
der, and 4 therefore the injunction is of no
effect. M There is no record in court of the
issuance of the- injunction and it -is not
known when. the citation is made return
able.' ' i. ' •
Arreated for Opening Mail.
SEATTLE, Dec. • 26.~rH. . H. Randall, a
city ' letter carrier! was arrested to-day
"andichafged .with delaying and opening:
United States mail entrusted to' him as
a carrier.' The arrest was made after
an investigation : lasting several days
by Postoffice i Inspector, Wayland.
Rain Falls In Bakrrsficld.
" BAKKRSFIELD, Dec. 26.— Rain corri^
mended 'falling , at .7:30 this evening
and • the : indications I are '*\u25a0 that It will
continue throughout;:the. night. The
rain has 'broken. the? cold snap.
EXPERT MAKES
A LONG REPORT
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 126.1 26.— Engineer
Frank Olmstead, who was engaged by the
city of Los Angeles to pass upon the feasi
bility of the gigantic project to bring the
waters of Owens River, in Inyo County,
to supply the needs of this city, has made
his" report. It «s a voluminous document,
covering every phase of the project, and
may be summarized as follows:
Length o f conduit, 291.4 miles; estimated
total cost of project, 536.524.669; time neces
sary for completion of work, eight years;
material required— cement, 1,565,595 bar
rels; steel bars, 126,138.40 tons; steel plates,
28.424.19 tons.
The project, although stupendous, is en
tirely feasible and reasonable. The seri
ous factors are cost, time and the chance
that the General Government might com
plicate the situation in Owens River. Val
ley by . the inauguration of reclamation
bureau work. There are 15,000 miner's
inches of water available for Los An
geles. It will be necessary for the city
to build a railroad and three cement
manufacturing plants to be kept in oper
ation four years to carry on the work.
Los Angeles' present consumption of
water is too. close to the danger line of
shortage. This city Js expected to have a
half-million of population by the time the
Owens River project. is completed, which
9 The bestxast* range on the market*. Bakes evenly |
I top and bottom; heats water quickly with a minimum ||
|i . amount of coal, aj
y r^tffff?" IF! TIW "iiiir 11 xuuuwHMi-^ilU! such that y
would require 62 per cent moro water
than the supply at present.
A temporary pipe line from Owens Rrr
er could not be entertained on the score
of extreme expense. Kngineer Mulhol
land's .views as to the conduit routs are
indorsed. •\u25a0•.v
Rights of way over most of the pro
posed line of conduit may be secured from,
the General Government at nominal ex
pense; from private owners, who repre
sent only about 15 per cent of the terri
tory, for not more than 1120,000.
The feasibility of a permanent power
plant Is ' doubted, although there is no
doubt of the electrical possibilities of the
future.
LABORERS ON SPREE
SHOOT THROUGH CAIt
Turbulent Foreigners Em^
ployed by Railroad Send
Bullet Into Coach.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
MEDFORD. Or.. Dec. 28.— As the first
section of north-bound passenger train
No. 16 was passing the crossing im
mediately north of Medforti last evening
a member of the gang of Greeks and
Italians In the employ of the railroad
company fired a shot through the ob
servation coach, fortunately too high to
strike the passengers sitting opposite the
window. The men had been drinking
during the day and were somewhat turbu
lent. The railroad authorities thi3 morn
ing wired instructions to the Sheriff to
arrest the entire gang and find. the guilty
man if possible. -
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
FARMING MUST HAVE
A PLACE IN SCHOOLS
Dr. True Talks to
Teachers and
Tillers.
Educators Joining y in
•' . the Important
Movement.
Teaching of Practical
'.' Things Gaining
Recognition.
\ BHRivELKY. Dec. 26.— Despite the
counter attraction for teachers in the
sh&pe of the great meeting at the Al
v'hamhra Theater in San Francisco this
afternoon. Dr. A, C. True of Washing
ton, D. C, faced a crowd that filled
Hearst Hall to overflowing when he
arose to read his paper on the subject,
"-Why the Friends of Agricultural Pro
gress Believe that Agriculture Should
and Will Be Taugtit. In the Public
Schools."
•The meeting at which Dr. True
whs the principal Bpoaker was
a joint session of the State Farmers'
Institute and the nature study depart
ment of the California Teachers' Asso
ciation, it being the first session of
Both branches. The afternoon sessions
of the Farmers' Institute after to-day
will b* altogether for the students o"
agriculture.
Dr. True is director- of experiment
'stations In the Department of Agricul
ture at Washington, D. C. and one of
the foremost figures In the world of
agT.icultur.il research and experiment.
Hir address this afternoon \u25a0was a force
ful plea for the inclusion of agricul
tural Instruction In the public schools.
'He spoke in part as follows:
MOVEMENT AX OLD OXE.
The movement for the introduction of ln
etruction in agriculture into secondary and
primary echools is passing rapidly from the
et&ge of atft&tion to ' that or action and
realization. The agitation of th!« subject in
thi« country b»gan in the days when Wash
ington, a great farmer as well as a great
general and statesman, was the foremost man
in the new republic. It has ebbed and flowed
many times since then without leaving any
lasting Impress on* our educational system,
until within the last decade it has gathered
*uch volume and assumed such substantial
form that the permanent accomplishment of
its object seem* assured.
When we inquire wjiy this Is bo the reasons
are many, but they may be grouped un<i«*r
two or three main heads. In general the
claims of agriculture to a place in ©or public
echcol eystcxn are based both on the economic,
eocial and educational needs of agriculture
and agricultural people as related to our pres
ent civilization and on the pedagogic require
ments of a school system which shall be
adapted to the masses of people in a demo
cratic and industrial state and to the sym
metrical culture of the mind and body of
the human child. In a word, intelligent farm.
?rs and learned pedagogues approaching the
eubject from their respective standpoints now
«ne«t on a common platform and, each party
UElr.g the arguments appropriate to his call-
Ing, agree that agriculture Is a fit and useful
subject to be taught in public schools. Hence
the friends of agricultural progress in this
country have good reason to believe that ere
long agriculture will be generally taught in
our schools and form a permanent part of the
public school curriculum.
GREATNESS OP INDUSTRY.
An old argument, which has not altogether
lost its force, is that agriculture is a great
and fundamental industry. In the United
States alone, leaving out the forests, about
850,000,000 acres are devoted to agriculture;
there ar* nearly 6,000,000 farms on which
30. 000.000 men work for the direct support of
a rural population of 4U.000.000 souls. The
value of these farms and their equipment is
over $20,000,000,000 and the value of their
produrts in 1905 was $6.415,00fMX0. The manu
facturing industries that depend upon farm
products for raw materials employed 2,145,000
persons in 1900 -end used a capital of $4,132,-
OUO.OOO.
Bat the bigness and fundamental character
of agriculture may be used chiefly to draw
attention to the economic, social and educa
tional needs of the agricultural people as a
large eection of the community uslnjf the pub
lic echools. Economically ejvaklng: the farmer
or horticulturist of to-day and of the future
irrjst be a more intelligent and better informed
man than hl» predecessor in order to compete
on advantageous terms with men in other
calling's and to secure cure and adequate re
turrs for his labor and capital.
Moreover the American farmer needs to
Vain somewhere that in the age on which we
are now entering the co-operative spirit will
b«- more and more essential to the best eco
nomic conditions cf agriculture, as of other
Industries. The farmer of this country has
tttaa far been the bulwark of an individualistic
organization of industry and of society in gen
<ral. But we are beginning to see that ex
cfrtve Individualism In Industry Is resulting
in. an. overweening aristocratic or plutocratic
or oligarchic control of Industries and that in
come way we must evolve the trust co-operat-
I\> organization of our Industries if we are
to preserve the democratic character of our
social and legal institutions. The farmer boy
studying agriculture with his comrades In" the
public schools will more readily grasp the
I<lea that community Interests are advantageous
In agriculture and we shall thus produce gen
erations of farmers who will work together
for the right advancement of their industry.
COMMUNITY OF INTEREST.
Th« unintelligent farmer In every age and
land has sunk to the level of a stolid and im
progressive peasantry, and in this way. In spite
of the effort* of great statesmen and philan
thropists the general level of prosperity among
farmers has been kept very low.
But -In addition to the economic needs of
agriculture there are the social needs of agri
cultural people. \u25a0 In obedl»nce to the general
influence* of our developing civilization and
the peculiar tendencies of farming under irri
gation our Western farmers are inevitably
Vf :r.g drawn into closer social tie* and the eur
rcSts of their lives are Intermingling with those
or the communities in which they .live In ways
which a* yet they are loth to recognize and
the general rtcults of which they are as a
rule too. Innocent or too Ignorant to discern.
Meanwhile the other forces of society are
more and more banding themselves together
to .control the ballot box. legislation, social
Institution* and the general conduct of affairs.
Unless the fanners can be co educated that
as a mas* they will .have the co-operative
eplrlt. hay* some real and Vital understanding
of community cf interest and know how to
mingle to their own advantage with men of
cither vocations, their lives will forever run
In a narrow and monotonous channel and the
control cf even their own affairs" will largely
pass Into the hands of other men. I
But If our agricultural public have great
. economic and social needs they also have
what may be termed educational needs,
which ar« even more important and
fundamental. For. after all. it Is the
untrained mind of the farmer which
" holds him down to a dull routine, keeps him
Jn isolation and condemns him to comparative
poverty. And by education I do nat,of course
mean merely the Imparting of information, it
1* rather th» developing of the rclnd, " the
broadening and clarifying of the mental out
look, the giving of the right turn to the mental
processes, the strengthening of the will and
of the power' 'to use! appropriate mean* to
accomplish useful ends. The education which
the farmer needs is that which •ail) give him
•era* real appreciation of the progressive and
(scientific eplrlt of the age In which he lives
\u25a0will arouse a k*en Interest in the facts and
principle* of science as related to his own
vocation, will show him that In agriculture
Is an ample opportunity for lifelong studies
which may refresh and delight the mind, a*
well a* minister to material eucc«ss. and In
general will lift agricultural practice out of
drudgery Into the domain of Intelligent and
hopeful latoor.
SCHOOLS CAN DO MUCH.
\u25a0 So th» farmer comes with his economic. «o
cial and educational needs to the teacher' and
ack« what the echools can do to make him a
ruore successful business man. a better citizen
and neighbor. . a more Intelligent and happy
man. And he expects an answer based on an
Intelligent and sympathetic appreciation of bis
ttttCs. &a well es an up-to-date understaadin*
GOVERNMENT EXPERT WHO READ A PAPER BEF*ORE THE FARMERS' IN
STITUTE YESTERDAY AT BERKELEY. IN WHICH HE DWELT UPON THE
IMPORTANCE OF THE STUDY OF AGRICULTURE IN THE SCHOOLS; •
cf the functions of a public school eystem or
ganized in accordance with the requirements
cf the masses of youth in a democratic state
anfl ideals of education which, however firmly
they may be rooted In the general experience
of mankind in the past, are nevertheless grow
ing and expanding in the light and air of the
twentieth century after Christ.
The educator who receives the farmer in this
spirit, can. I believe. Rive an encouraging re
ply to bis appeal. The American public school
system wai at first developed chiefly in the
effort to overcome illiteracy among the masies.
Even -when the high schools were established
their cournes were almost exclusively literary.
Ao millions of children came to be in the
elementary schools and hundreds of thousands
in the hich schools, it became apparent that
the old literary curricula and the general at
mosphere of echcol life on the old basis cre
ated a distaste for the manual occupations in
which the vast majority of all the students in
public schools must engage during their adult
And thus the problem has presented Itself
to our educators of so changing- the public
schools as to bring their work into vital rela
tions with the real life and activities of the
masses of our people. This is the stage of ed
ucational development In the midst of which
We are to-day.
Naturally the movement for the remodeling
Df cur school system to meet the require- |
ments of Industrial life had its most active ;
development first in the cities, where the school \u25a0
fystem was moet highly organized and where;
tT»e very rapid increase in the extent and va- <
riety of mechanic arts and manufacture* cre
ated a tremendous demand for youthful work
ers whose minds had been prepared to deal
with the problems presented in such pursuits-.
Already provision for the teaching of mechanic
arts in the public schools Is made in forty
States. While In IS9O there were only thirty
s*ven cities of BCGO population «.nd over in
which manual training was taught iir.the pub- \u25a0
lie echools in 1902 there were 270 each cities.
Ban Francisco and Los Angeles are among this
rumber.
EDUCATORS' IDEALS CHANGE.
The most -important -result of this move
ment is that our leading educators have now
changed ideals of education and recognize that
the industrial element is an essential factor in
a completely cultural education. The move
ment for agricultural education, therefore, has
a sound pedagogical basis. . V-t
It is not the old trade school which we wish
to revive and make a part of our public school
system. The object is not to cut out the old
studies which educators acree should be in
cluded in all elementary and secondary courses,
but rather by a more judicious selection of
the topics to be taught in the various branches
to make room for the enrichment of the public
school courses by the introduction of Instruc
tion in agriculture, mechanic arts and domes
tic *ctence. The elimination of uselr-ss topics
aad the . judicious employment of the elective
ej-Etem in the high school will allow agricul
ture to be taught in an effective way to make
the atmosphere of the schoolroom' favorable to
th» cultivation of a love for country life.
The teacher can also now say for the en
couragement of the farmer that owing large
ly to tho work of the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture and the agricultural col
leges and experiment stations in California
and the other States, there is now a large
body of definite knowledge which may be
called the principles of agriculture. And this
knowledge has been alreacy more or lesa com
pletely reduced to pedagogic form for use in
various grades of schools. Elementary text
bookis and books'of reference on agricultural
subjects are now in existence and being rap
laiy multiplied. " Successful examples of the
teaching of agriculture In the pchcols are al
ready found in this and other countries.
Thus our argument is complete. The farm
er boy or girl comes to the public school with
fundamental economic, social and educational
reeds that should be met with special training
in agricultural ' lines. The teacher comes to
the public school* with new Ideals of educa
tion that make the industrial element an es
sential of sound education and with an abun
dance of material for useful instruction in
ngriculture. Surely old time traditions and
prejudices cannot long bar the way to the ef
fective teaching of agriculture In our public
echools.
COST NOT XS AnGUMEXT.
But tome one rises up and says It will co«i
too much to give farmers' children such in
struction In the public schools. I cannot be
lieve that such an ' argument will have much
weight with the American public In general
or with the California public In particular. -
No doubt we must pay more for our public
nchools in the future than we have in the
past. We must have better schoolhouses bet
ter trained teachers and more apparatus and
Illustrative material and we must pay the bills
for these things. But it has been proved over
and over again that ' education of the right
kind promotes industrial wealth a« well as
th« general well-being of mankind. And if
tbe States where the puniic school system of
the past, with all - Its limitations and de
fects, has been . most thorough - in . Its work
have been the States where the general levi-i
of material prosperity has risen highest, and
no roan who knows tbe facts will deny thit
surely It Is reasonable to expect than an edu
cation which aims directly to promote • Indus
trial. .efficiency, ao . th« ; aew education does.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1005.
will more than pay for its Increased cost by
the Increased wealth which it will produce.
If literary education has been a very profit
able investment for the American ' public, in
dustrial education is likely \u25a0 to prove a bo
nanza.
The discussion was led by E. W.'Hil
gard, professor of agriculture, Berke
ley; T. O. Crawford, County Superin
tendent of Schools, Oakland; R. L.
Beardslee. Assemblyman Twenty-third
District, Stockton; L. D. Harvey, Wis
consin.
B. .M. Davis read a paper on "School
Gardens." The discussion was led by D.
T. Bateman, County Superintendent of
Schools, San Jose; Edward Hyatt, Coun
ty Superintendent of Schools. River
side; Miss Bertha Chapman, supervisor
of nature study, Oakland.
HART WANTS TO EXPLAIN.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 26.— General W. H. H.
Hart, representing W. J. Morgan, who
has made application for a franchise
for a railroad on Santa Clara avenue to
be operated In connection with a* pro
jected ferry " system, has requested that
he be given an opportunity to further
enlighten the people of Alameda on
the inwardness of his client's plans.
The advisory board of the local im
provement organizations has Invited
Hart to appear Tuesday night and ad
dress that body on the franchise mat
ter.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
AFTER TX ACE HORSE.*— Oakland, Dec 26
George Muller began an action to-day against
G. M. Abercromble to recover You You a
race horse valued at $1000. The horse was
attached for alleged debts due .Kohler &
Chaee and W. A. Harvey. ; •
BURGLARS GET GOLD WATCH.— Oakland
Dec. 20.— Mrs. Maud Nyal reported to the
police to-<lay that burglars had entered her
home at 540 Thirty- fourth street during her
absence last: night and had stolen a watch
valued at $40. which she had left under her
pillow.
SUES FOR FREEDOM.— Oakland Dpc 20
Charging her. husband with cruelty, Emma c"
Johnston has brought divorce proceedings
against William L. Johnston, a railroad man
They were married at:Benica in 1903. and the
wife complains that his behavior has been such
that she can no longer live with him.
WANTS PAY FOR INJURY.— Oakland, Dec
20. — August N. Nilson brought "a suit for
$5804 60 to-day against 'the Oakland Traction
Consolidated for injuries alleged to have been
sustained by being thrown by a Car as he
was about .to get on." The accident occurred
at Ninth and Broadway on September 6 and
Nilson claims his leg was broken.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland Dec «>«
The following marriage licenses were issupd
by .the County Clerk to-day: Jack J. Rogers
25, - Oakland., and Bessie H_ Ford, "24 San
Francisco; Frank Rose, 21, and Isabella 'silva
18, both of Oakland; George W. Amborn" "T*
und Genevleve -Phillips, 2a, both of \u25a0 Oakland
lidward Strong,. 30, and urace Cole, 19 both
of Oakland; Frank Graf, 55, and Annie Bra
bant. 48, both of Oakland; Charles ' W E
Billingß, 35. Oakland,' and Ida De Vecchio' 28*
Alameda; Leon -F. : Noah. . 42, San Francis™'
and Selena", Maz0r, . 40, , Oakland. . = \u25a0: .nglBCO'. ngl8CO '
VETERAN DETECTIVE AT REST;— Oak*
land. Dec. 26.-^lmprcsßive ceremonies, marked
the funeral of '\u25a0 Albert ' Shbrey, a retired detec
tlve of the Oakland Police Department which
was held at 2:30 p. m. to-day from tlie First
Congregational. Church, under the direction of
Oakland Lodge , No. :: 188, F. and Aj» M of
which the deceased was a member, and the
Police Department. \u25a0• The- services were con
ucted by the Rev.- Charles It. Brown, pastor of
the First Congregational Church, and the pall
bearers were Captain of 1 Police .A. Wilson r
Detective D. Holland, David Bortree.Kß d
Hunter, Efwln Frost ana.'N"oah' Kendall The
remains . were Incinerated at the Oakland
Crematory. ,: "~ ;..
Early Morning 'Fire.
A email fire was caused by ' W.
Nichols upsetting a lamp lin his. room
at .331 Minna street early .this ; morn
ing. The lamp.' set fire to the bed, 1 and
Nlchors was "soon overcome by the
smoke. "He "."was: sent to the Central
Emergency Hospital.-". Mrs. \u25a0 Julia" Mc-
Cann occupied the house. The:;dam
age'is small.*' '
A man can be tender hearted without
being putty headed, • - *; •
BAD CARTRIDGE
SAVES A LIFE
Unknown Man Points Pistol
at H. B.' Gross' Heart, but
the Trigger Fails Purpose
LUNATIC IS AT LAKGE
Painter Faces Death at the
Hands of a Man Whom He
Says He Never Saw Before
OAKLAND. Dec. 26.— T0 the fact that
a cartridge failed to explode when the
weapon containing it was pointed full at
his heart H. B. Gross, a painter and
paperhanger residing at 2115 Peralta
street, owes his escape from instant death
this afternoon when he was attacked by
a man whom he believes to be a mur
derous lunatic. Gross was working In
the saloon of Peter Christiansen, at 483
Seventh street, when the stranger, whom
the painter declares he had never before
seen, entered the front door and without
a word drew a pistol from his pocket and
pointing it at Gross pulled the trigger.
The cartridge, however, was faulty and
failed to explode, and, without giving his
assairant a chance to fire another shot
Gross dashed through a rear door and
made his escape. The supposed maniac
did not follow his Intended victim, but
dropped the pistol and running from the
front door of the saloon made his escape
In the direction of Webster street. F. W.
Judd. residing in West Berkeley, was in
the saloon at the time of the attack on
Gross, but v like the latter, he thought
only of getting out of range of the pistol
and did not attempt to prevent the escape
of the pistol wielder.
As soon as he escaped from the saloon
Gross notified a policeman of the attempt
which had been made to kill him. A
search is now being made for the assail
ant.
Gross declares that he did not rec.ognize
the man who tried to kill him and did not
think he had ever seen him before. He
says that he knows of no reason why any
one should try to take his life, and that
his assailant must either have mistaken
him for some other person or have been
either drunk or crazy.
WARM WELCOME
FOR DELEGATES
Oakland Labor Unions Pre
pare for Convention of
the State Federation
OAKLAND, Dec. 26.— Preparations were
begun this morning for the. reception of
the delegates to the r convention of. the
State Federation- of -Labor,:, which' will
open In this city on Monday,-. January 1,
The members of fifty local unions have
signified their .Intention of acting as es
cort to the delegates, and the parade,
which will start at 9:30 a. m., will, form
at Eighth and Washington streets.
The sessions will be held at Germania
Hall. A bureau of information will be
established -at' the • headquarters of the
Central Labor Council, at 453 Eighth
street, for the direction of the delegates.
Another bureau of information will be es
tablished at the office of the Amalga
mated Building and Realty Company, in
the Bacon building.
Monday will be devoted to the reception
of the delegates, and on Tuesday evening
the visitors will attend the theater in a
body. On Wednesday evening a banquet
will be given to the delegates and labor
leaders, and on Thursday evening a grand
ball will be held at Reed Hall.
AKIUNGE FUNERAL •,
OF LATE JUSTICE
Services to Be Held This
. Afternoon at Van Dyke
Residence.
OAKLAND, Dec. 26— The funeral of
Justice Walter Van Dyke of the Supreme
Court of California will be held to-mor
row afternoon at 2 o'clock from the fam
ily residence, Van Dyke and Fourth ave
nues. East Oakland. Representing the
Supreme Court, Justice Angellotti to-day
called at the residence to offer his own
and his colleagues' condolences.
The Superior Court of Alameda County
was adjburned at noon "to-day out of re
spect to. the late jurist. The members
of the court will attend the funeral ser
vices to-morrow.
Many messages of sympathy have been
received by S the family to-day from all
parts of the State. The Rev. J. K. Mc-
Lean, president of the Pacific Theological
Seminary, will officiate at the funeral.
MRS. AVERY DIES.
BERKELEY, Dec. 26.— William
Avery, whose aged mother died at the
Alta Bates Sanitarium yesterday, after
sustaining '-a terrible shock * through
the son's drunken attack upon, her last
Thursday, was questioned by the police
to-day regarding his r mother's rela
tives, and the property she is said to
have owned in Arizona^ Avery said
that two sisters of his mother reside in
the East and that the report of " her
wealth In Arizona is a' myth. She
owned nothing, the son said. ;
The police are unable to find reason
for holding Avery,' despite the effect
his treatment of Mrs. .Avery had., re
sulting in her death, In conjunction
with an attack of pneumonia - from
which she was suffering when the son
abused her last -Thursday 'night. For
the same reason, the Coroner is appar
ently .unable! to take cognizance of the
woman's death.
BULLETS IMPERIL LIVES.
OAKLAND, Dec. 26. — The lives of a
number of members of; the Clarernont
Country Club ;• were endangered ' last
Sunday by/bullets fired by three Ital
ians, who , were, trespassing on the
grounds of the club and who later were
arrested by Deputy Constable Hitch
cock and. a' member 'of ihe club. The
Italians, who gave the : ' names ofrFelicl
Checchl, Ghuri Tomaso, and Fellci
Ghiro, were hunting on the grounds
The bullets in several instances came
near causing Injury to club members
There- have been,; many cases of
poaching on the preserves of the club
and the ; members of the organization
have determined :.to I take vigorous
measure i for the : punishment : of those
who disregard the notices warning
trespassers. The "-three ; Italians who
were caught In ; the act of poaching
will be tried for "trespass before "Judge
Quinn to-morrow.
DREAM TURNS
INTO REALITY
Woman Who Had Visions of
Burglar at Work in the
Home Finds He Is There
HUSBAND GIVES CHASE
People Who Were Victims
of Crowhurst Gang Again
Visited by Desperado
BERKELEY, Dec. 26. — In her dreams
at 1 o'clock this morning Mrs. John
Weldlein of South Berkeley had a feel
ing that a burglar was in the house,
and after uneasily tossing on her bed
finally awoke and said to her husband,
"Oh, John, I dreamt a man was in the
room — a burglar." That woke the man
of the house up and he listened for evi
dence that might corroborate his wife's
visions.
The evidence was there, for Weldlein
plainly heard footfalls on the lower
floor of the house. Hastily arising.
Weldlein grabbed his shotgun and
skipped down the stairs. As he ran he
noted that his clothing, which had
been on a chair, was lying on the floor
In a disordered heap. The burglar
heard Weldlein, and needed no other
warning. Through a kitchen window
he bolted, just too soon for Weldlein
to get a shot at him.
Returning to his hoorn, Weldlein ex
amined his clothes and found that the
thief had» emptied the contents of them
on the floor and taken the money from
the pile of miscellaneous articles scat
tered on the carpet. Weldlein found
that $75 had been stolen. The police
were promptly notified.
The Crowhurst gang held up Mrs.
Weidlein a year ago, securing $5 from
her in the candy store on Adeline street
which she and her husband own, and
which, adjoins their living apartments.
Blaker confessed to this crime while
in the County Jail at Oakland. The
three youths,, members of the gang,
forced Mrs. Weidlein to give up $5 at
the point of a pistol. The Weidleins
state this is the fourth time they have
been robbed since their marriage five
years ago.
BODY OF AN UNKNOWN
FLOATING IN THE BAY
Key ltoute Passenger Gets
a Brief Glimpse
of It,
OAKLAND, Dec. 26.— With one arm
bent up so that a well gloved hand and
the sleeve of an overcoat, apparently of
good quality, could be seen, the body of
a man was seen- floating in the waters
of the bay this morning by a passenger
on one of the Key Route ferry-boats, who
reported the fact to the Coroner. The
corpse was, as far as could be dlscov-^
ered from the deck of the boat, that of a'
well-dressed ' man, . that, had apparently
been In the water but a short time.
Deputy Coroner Van Vrankin asked that
a watch be kept for the body at the Key
Route, broad and narrow gauge piers.
The body was seen near the Key Route
pier, but as the tide was, running strong
It soon drifted out of sight of the pier,
floating in the direction of Oakland har
bor. .
The body was floating partly on its
side and the face was turned away from
the pier, so no description of the features
could be secured, but as it rose and fell
in the water it could be seen that the re
mains were clothed in a suit of dark ma
terial. .
CLERGYMAN REFUSES PROOF.
OAKLAND, Dec. 26.— After -two
hours of questioning to-night the Rev.
Robert Whltaker, pastor of the Twen
ty-thlrd-avenue Baptist Church., be
fore the City Council refused to give
any proof as to charges of graft and
crime in Oakland. Councilman Edwin
Meese, as chairman of the Finance
Committee, demanded evidence, but
Dr. Whltaker said the public . were
the judges. Councilman Elliott urged
the clergyman to produce evidence and
was met by general statements." Dr.
Whltaker read a resume of his address
last week before the Police Commis
sioners. In his statement to-night he
declared:
"I have no evidence which I care to
commit to commission, court or Coun
cil."
He made a charge of dereliction
against a policeman, not named, and
against a saloon man for selling
liquor without a license. Elliott pro
posed that Dr. Whltaker name an in
vestigating committee on graft and
crime, with a practicable scheme to
carry out an investigation. The pas
tor said he would consider the offer.
The new license ordinance was
passed to print. .
TEXSALOOX MEN NAMED.
BERKELEY, Dec. 26.— The number
of saloons of Berkeley was cut from
twenty-three to ten to-night by the
Town Trustees. -The license was
raised from J3OO to $000 a year. Those
who won In the ballotlnjr^for licenses
were: W. T. Krahn, E. M. Bruel. D. H.
Bruns, C. Schlenker, C. 11. Bender"
Charles . Hadlen. P. •W. Munday, j!
Mallho, C. Wiemann, J. H. Johns.' On
the flrtet ballot Johns tied with Denny
Landregan, who lost on the second
ballot. This 'action conilnes all sa
loons to West Berkeley, two that ex
isted In "South Berkeley having been
abolished. '
After action on the licenses the
Trustees discovered they had not com
piled with ;some of. the ordinance pro
visions and the whole matter was laid
over two weeks. The license ques
tion is In a serious tangle because all
licenses expire January l and no meet
ing of the board can be held before
they expire.
PRAISES LIBRARY PURCHASE.'
BERKELEY, Dec. 26— The recent
acquisition by the» university regents
of the groat " Bancroft library,: for the
sum of $150,000, has Inspired Dr. Albert
Buchnell Hart, professor of history in
Harvard University, to congratulate
the university: on .the acquisition Dr
Hart 'says: -.
'.I . was very much pleased to know thni
the university, had acquired; this incomnnrahl'
collection. While in California I had the onl
portunlty <of spending • a few hours \u25a0\u25a0 in the li
brary and satisfied myselr of the great extent
and value of tht content*. • I am amazed that
you hay« been^ab^ to acquire it for the sum
stated by.Dr. Thwaltes. once properly housed
and made available It will be a place of^fi
grimage-for all students or Western America
of : whom - the . number : will undoubtedly \u25a0 in
crease because of 4 the opening up of the col
lection.- I rnusr cordially congratulate. the Uni
versity Of California -.» upon this acquisition
,whlch could never" be \u25a0 duplicated by - the \u25a0' ex
penditure of any amount: of money and which
furnished, the material for the settlement of a
great • many otherwise : unso! vable questions in
American history. -
WOMEN SETTLE
FATE OF MALEY
Assailant of Mrs. Christie
Identified by Girls of
Berkeley as a Wretch
OFFENDER IS JAILED
Complaint Sworn To by Wife
of the University Trainer.
Others Accuse Prisoner
BERKELEY, Dec 26. — 'That Is the
manr cried Mrs. Walter Christie this
afternoon In Marshal Vollmer's office
as she faced John Maley. a butcher of
Berkeley, who committed a serious of
fense in : her presence on the univer
sity campus yesterday afternoon, and
was soundly thrashed for it by Walter
Christie, her husband, a trainer of ath
letes at the institution.
Maley was brought face to face to
day with both Mr. and Mrs. Christie,
who positively identified him as the of
fender of the day before. Mrs. Christie
at once swore to a 'complaint against
Maley, and the latter was taken to
Oakland by Detective Jamison.
It has developed that Maley, who is
a married man with a pretty little wife
and two children, is a pervert about
whom many complaints have been
made to Marshal Vollmer. Three
girls were called into the Marshal's of
fice this afternoon and each Identified
Maley as an individual who had gross
ly insulted and sought to attack them
on the streets of the university town
during the last few months.
Laura Kern, a pretty telephone girl,
took one look at Maley and swore that
he had committed a misdemeanor and
attempted to attack her. Similar
charges against Maley were made by
Fannie Ferguson, a candy girl em
ployed in James Farrell's store on Cen
ter street. Miss Ferguson resides In
Oakland. Her Identification of Maley
was positive. A little girl. 12 years
old, whose name the police did not
divulge. Identified Maley as a man of
whose conduct she had told her parents
a few weeks ago.
Walter Christie found to his amaze
ment to-day, after a careful inspec
tion of Maley. that the latter is a man
whom he pummeled for an Insulting
attack upon a university professor's
wife, on the campus, two years ago.
Maley was arrested then and held in
5100 bail in Justice Qulnn's court. He
forfeited his bail and the case was not
pressed.
Maley maintained a stolid silence to
day when questioned about his of
fenses. His eyes are black and his face
i« bruised as the result of Christie's en
counter with him yesterday.
WOMAN CIILOROFOKMED
BY THIEF ON TEAIN
Mrs. Mary Duncombe of Los
Angeles Eobbed of Two
Thousand Dollars.
DENVER, Dec. 26. — Mrs. Mary A.
Duncombe of Los Angeles stated to-day
that she was chloroformed and robbed
of $1950 in a Pullman car between
Kansas City and Denver. The woman
was taken to Mercy Hospital.
Mrs. Duncombe is proprietress of the
Business Woman's Cafe in Los Angeles,
and is well known in that city. She Is
unable to give any of the particulars
of the robbery. She said that she had
the money In a small hand satchel and
that when she retired after leaving
Kansas- City he placed the satchel In
the pocket of her berth. She says that
when she awoke in the morning It was
gone.
It Is said that the police and railroad
detectives have a clew to the alleged
chloroformer and that an arrest is in
expectation.
TWO NEGKOES LYNCHED
IN SOUTH CAROLINA
Murderers Taken From the
Jail and Shot to
Death.
COLUMBIA, S. C, Dec. 26. — News of a
double lynching at Baron Well on
Friday nas been received here. Sheriff
Creech has wired Governor Heyward
that the affair was brutal murder; that
helpless . prisoners were butchered in
open daylight and that the officers were
guilty of dereliction of duty.
J. S. Craddock, a well known white
merchant, was killed by Frank and
John Deloache, negroes, who were ar
rested by the constable. and placed In
Jail. The men were taken out and shot
to death with guns and pistols on
Friday. The news of the lynching was
suppressed until to-day.
Sheriff Creech is preparing to make
arrests and . Governor Heyward an
nounces he will sustain the Sheriff.
DESPERADOES OUTWITTED
BY A COOL. CONDUCTOR
Hold-Up Men Left In the Dark When
Trolley Pole Ist Removed From
Wire.
CHICAGO. Dec. 26. — Holding up a
crowded Ashland-avenue electric ' car
at Thirty-sixth street last night, six
armed- men fired a score of shots
through the windows and roof and
were engaged In robbing the passen
gers." Including several women and
children, when the trolley pole was
removed from the wire by the con
ductor and the bandits were left
struggling in the darkness.
After a battle, in which the invaders
were -pitted against the men passen
gers and the car crew and In which
several persons were trampled upon
in the frantic rush that was made. for
the exits, a wagon-load policemen
arrived and five of the robbers were
captured.
RETURNS TO WIFE DESERTED
TWENTY-EIGHT YEARS AGO
Recreant Uuabnnd, Now Aged and 111,
la Taken In and Made Com* *
- fortable.
ATCHISON, Kans..- Dec. 26. — Robert
Ledington," who disappeared from his
home-in Atchlson twenty-eight years
ago. leaving his wife absolutely des
titute.:came back yesterday. He Is
now aged' and feeble and was shak
ing'with ague. His wife took- him In.
gave him .the .best room In the house
and" Is nursing him back to health.
She has been alone all these years,
but by. Industry she has made a com
fortable living "and owns her own
home, j
Ledington"; says that when he left
here he went directly to Oregon,
where he has been ever' since, work
ing as a coppersmith in the Southern
Pacific ; sliods at Portland. \u25a0
STILL OPPOSES
NEW CAR LINE
S. 0. Holmes Transfers Fight
Against a Twenty-Second
Street Permit to the Courts
GETS WRIT OF MANDATE
Wants Mayor Mott and City
Council to Show Reason
for Alleged Irregularity
OAKLAND, Dec. 28.— From the Council.
S. O. Holmes, a property owner on Louise
street, has gone into the courts In his
fight against the granting of a franchise
to the Key Route ferry system tor its
proposed Twenty-second street line, and
to-day ho sued out a writ of mandate
directed against Mayor F. K. Mott and
the members of tha City Council requiring
them to appear and show causa why cer
tain alleged irregularities were allowed to
creep Into the proceedings advertising the
franchise for sale.
Holmes and some other property own
ers made a vigorous light against th»
granting of the franchise. They were
charged with having demanded money
from the company to withdraw their op
position. The technical objections made
to the proceedings, it is declared, are the
result of error on the part of Holmes' at
torney in having mistaken — c special law
governing the sale of railroad franchises
for the general law governing the sale of
street railway franchises, which require
different modes of procedure.
GONEIED MAY CUT
OUT THE CHOEUS
Prepares to Give Grand Opera
Without the Union
Singers.
NEW YORK, Dec 2S. — "Chorusless'*
grand opera may be seen and heard at
the Metropolitan Opera-house within the
next few days as a result of the threat
ened strike of the chorus singers. I>eter
mlned not to yield to the demands of the
singers. Heinrich Conried. the director,
has selected five operas which, with slight
modifications, she says, can be rendered
without a chorus and in case of emer
gency the opera-house management is
prepared to substitute these for the reg
ular schedule. Conried has also adver
tised for volunteers to Join the chorus.
It Is also possible that the ballet, or
chestra and stage hands of the Metro
politan Opera-house may declare a sym
pathetic strike.
There are 130 persons !n the opera-housa
chorus. So far as could be learned last
night every man and woman of them i 3
prepared to go out when their leaders
give tha word. They demand higher
wages and recognition of their union.
NOTORIOUS SLUGGER OP
CHICAGO IS DEAD
"Black Jack** Gallagher Reaches tie
End of a Remarkably .strenu
ous Life.
CHICAGO. Dec 26. — John Thomas
Gallagher, known In police circles as
"Black Jack, the Slugger." and ac
cused of more acts of violence la
strikes than any other one man In Chi
cago, died at his home yesterday.
Stomach trouble, superinduced by the
strain and worry resulting from
ceaseless prosecution, was tfco cause of
his death.
Gallagher was 22 years of age and
in appearance was as different from,
the popular conception of th© profes
sional "slugger" as could be Imagined.
He took great pride In his appearance
and was seldom, if ever, seen under
the influence of liquor. While lia
welshed but ninety pounds at the timo
of his death, three years ago Gallagher
weighed ISO. and he was able to
strike a blow that would render hia
victim unconscious instantly.
When arrested by the police in con
nection with some crime no amount of
"sweating" could make him talk. On
more than one occasion, his friend*
say, he was submitted to rough treat
ment by the police, but he always
maintained a dogged silence.
Although frequently arrested by the
police and on at least one occasion
kept In jail for several weeks, he was
never convicted of a crime.
Royal Arennum Council to Appeal.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 26. — W. O. Ro:>
son of this city, supreme secretary >t
the Royal Arcanum, said to-day that
the Supreme Council legal representa
tives had decided to appeal from ths
decision of Judge Gaynor of N«>'.v
York. which on Saturday virtually
nullified' the new rates that went intj
effect October 1.
ARMY ORDEn.S.
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 26.— Army or
ders: Colonel William H s Heuer. engi
neer corps, will confer- with the com
manding officer of the artillery, dis
trict of San Francisco, on matters re
lating to the proposed flre control in
stallation In that district.
So Race Salclde (or Loeb.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 26.— A son wat
born to Secretary and Mrs. Loeb to
day.
WOULD REDISTRICT COUNTY.— Oakland.
Dec. 26. — Residents of Warm Springs pre
sented a petition to th« Board of Supervisor*
this morning asking that the boundaries of
the election precincts be changed. After hear
ing: the petition, the board adopted a resolution
to change the boundaries or Washington and
Mission precincts so as to form Warm Sprinss.
Mlseton and Irvington precincts, and a reso
lution was also adopted to redlstrict tho tn:ir»
county according to law. The County Sur
veyor was instructed to file a report with th >
bonril changing the boundaries of all the pr«
clncta in th« county. \u25a0
**H»vinj taken your wonderful •'C»se»r«t«'* for
tares months and oeinz entirely cnrotl of ttomacti
c»:arrh *nd dytprosia, I tain* • word of praise is
daa to "C»*c»r«l»' f for their wonderful composition.
I hiTo takaa numerous other so-e&Ued ramsdies
tmt without kTmil and I Snd this Cascar-t* teller*
not* la a day than all ta« others I lut« takea
woald tn » year."
James Mediae, US Moreer St., Jersey ClSy, N. J.
Jfff^VY^ Best For
S \^r T^ie Bowels
TM|| canov CA-nuime
wPlefti«n«.w PIefti«n«. P»lat»bt«. Poten*. Tsjrte Good. Do Goo*A
B?B ?4 0 f s i. ck >tt n * »w c""e ""* a or G *lpe. Mo. Sic. SOc.NeTsr
•old la bulk. Th» genain« tablet stamooi CC C.
Guaranteed to cure or jour money lick.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 59a
ANMUALSALE, TEN MILUOH BOXESNAPOLI'S TRIAL
NOW UNDER WAY
First of Bravos Accused of
the Assassination of Joe
" Brogardo at Justice Bar
IS MYSTERIOUS CASE
Prosecution Has a Theory of
a Machiavelic Plot That
Lured Fisherman to Death
On the evening; of January 21 GHu
sepp* Brogsxdo, a son of sunny Sicily.
familiarly known &• "Joe. the Fisher
man," Innocently entered the barber
6 hop of Petro Rala, at the corner of
Muon and Francisco streets, and
Joined a band of his countrymen In
light-hearted festivities. A few min
utes before midnight a fight started in
the dcee-packed room, a fight singu
lar in that it eeemed to have no rea
sonable starting point, and in that
every one aeenied to band against Olu
\u25a0eppe. &SB
Backed to the walL bis coat off. a
whirlwind of thrashing arms before
him, he at length drew a revolver in
defense. Other revolvers Immediately
flashed Into light and. terrified by the
weird unanimity and ferocity of the
attack, Giuseppe threw himself out of
the door into the midnight dark street.
Immediately " the throng In the room
poured out after him. revolvers spit
ting fire. He ran west along Mason
street, the pack after him like hounds.
At tke corner of Vandewater street he
tutnbled, grot up, turned Into the nar
row way, stumbled again, and then
with a few last long straining strides
came to the little gate in front of the
house numbered 6. where he fell dead.
Yesterday before Judge Carroll Cook
and twelve Jurymen Angelo Napoli sat
to answer for the murder. The prose
cution Eay that Xapoli was one of the
revolver-shooting pursuers that ran
••Joe', the Fisherman.' to his death,
and that the fight hid been deliber
ately planned by Xapoli, to afford the
chance of ridding himself of the man
with whom he was at feud. Giuseppe
-Brogardo.
XAPOLI A CHARACTER.
Napolt, sitting in court besides his
counsel. A. B. Treadwell, presented an
interesting appearance. He is a short,
thick 6et man, tremendously powerful.
The head is small, black and close
cropped; the eyebrows are heavy and
slgzagg-ing above small, bloodshot eyes.
He wore a neat black suit, a pink and
white bow tie and a high collar. The
high collar was too narrow for the
bull-like neck and. dug Into the blue
black Jowl above, so that the head was
constantly twisting and turning and
the thin lips were twitching in a fe
brile nervousness unpleasant to look at.
The testimony yesterday confined it
self to the shooting, not the causes.
Assistant District Attorney Whiting
conducted the prosecution; A. B. Tread
>ell the defense. Dr. Fletcher McNutt,
who performed the autopsy over the
body of Brogardo. testified that the
man had -<3ied of a bullet. entering
through the back and piercing the
liver and one cf the large blood ves
tels. Rosario Domini and Frank G.
Ardolla testified to the beginning of
the quarrel in the Raia barber shop.
Thomas Shea, a young machine
hand, was passing along Mason street
the night of the murder. He saw Bro-
Srardo dart out of the barber shop and
.down the street, pursued by the band
of shooting men.
CORROBORATIVE EVIDEXCE.
"vVilliam McKown, a stableman,
gave practically the same testimony.
.It would appear from both of them
that Napoll was In the pursuing
throng, but not among the leading
ones. Policeman Max Fenner told of
being: attracted by the sound of the
shots from his beat at Francisco and
Powell streets, of running up Fran
cisco and then Mason, and arriving at
the mouth of Vandewater street just
as Salvator Strano was returning, the
fell deed ended. He told of arresting
him, pistol in hand, and turning him
over to two citizens — Thomas Shea and
W. E. Weisse — while he kept on in a
pwrsuit of Andrea E. Brasllio. Their
pursuit -was unsuccessful, but In elud
ing- the officer Brasllio ran Into Spe-
It % s a pleasure R
% to usQ a /f
Sslf- Filling IJL
because the Ink- f \u25a0M&Wf
feed is smooth and A >^/&^V' '
even; It docs not li YJtr&S^
eo'.l the fingers |\ S^kp*^^
either v.-hen writ- \ \ .\&f»ti -'* •
ing or filling, \V!ffc^^-
never l^aks. docs \ T T#rtr^~^
nor sweat Jnkand vgBX
if always ready. rfB«Y
Price S3^OtoSS.OO SBJ
1 arr» offering on fif.l
special sale a KB
choice line of BS
Fancy Stationery i$M
I n beautifully &ja
decoratfd —Jsiff'
boxes, envel-
opes and pa- xCL3g^iJ£.L*y^v
per to match.
All latest
fashlcna ble
tints. Price. Y/S^Sx&r <>
per box..COc £" j** \u25a0\u25a0 s'Zp Ss
Mall orders ' \u25a0•qaljgrji \u25a0\u25a0 Ll __ ! .^
promptly ' "^ — _^*c?
filled.
TH.4T MAX PITTS.
P. W. PITTS, The Stationer,
1008. MARKET ST.. S. F.
Fistula, Chronic Constipation,
All Rectal Diseases,
Cnrrd Without Pain or the Knife.
lot a dollar need be paid nntll cared.
Rectal and Intestinal Diseases re-
nuire the attention of * skilled
specialist. I have spent twenty
years in the study and treatment of
these diseases. I treat these dis-
eases only. I cure IlemorrboldM
<f'iJ<-*l. PUtula.. Chronic Constlpa-
.tlon. Flsanre*, Itching Plies and all
other Rectal and Intestinal Dis-
eases perm a- * \pz\
nently, painless-
ly a.r.<i without #; jEr3gt&§!
sultation and er- Jff : w*^J
aminatlon free. y/V y#sV*c»*
Call or write for CZ\ $kv\S5S?&
my FREE BOOK '^W£s'
Cause and Cure." i^m^S^^^
KRA2VK R. WTESTO??, M. D^
Specialist In Rectal and Intestinal Diseases
Donohoe Bidg.. B. Taylor St., Corner
Market, S.T.
WING'S METHOD
COMES TO GRIEF.
Ambitious Celestial : Tries to
Force Creditor to Pay.
Gathers Up Soiled Linen Uninvited and
Is Forced to Return It
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
Wing Lung, whose laundry is at 190?
Ellis street, plumes himself upon the
fact that he embraced Christianity and
thereby was enabled to learn to read
and write the language of this coun
try and also to acaulre a more thor
ough acquaintance with American
business methods than he could have
attained by remaining In heathendom
and illiteracy.
Mrs. Georgie E. Mayhew. whose
boarding-house Is at 1352 Fulton street,
Informed Wing Lung that she had de
cided to change launderers and would
no longer require his services, and he
reminded her that she was indebted
to him in a sum of SI 50, which he
would l!ke to have paid right there
and then. He was told to call again.
That was six weeks ago and Wing
Lung's attorney told Judge Fritz that
although his* client had repeatedly
called again the 51 50 remained un
paid. Wearied at last of wearing out
his paper soles In futile endeavor to
collect, Wing Lung bethought him of
his mercantile training and also of
what. an American creditor Would be
most likely to do If similarly situated.
The result of his cogitation was a visit
to Mrs. Mayhew's domicile when she
was absent, his packing and carrying
away of a huge bundle and his leaving
of this message, penciled on the back
of a business card, for the lady's en
lightenment when she returned and
found her wardrobe depleted:
Dear landlady: I take your wash now; you
better bring $6 over my house, then you will
get It. Tour wash you owe me $1 60 before
and $3 60 thlg wash.
When the card was found by Mrs. May
hew she caused a search warrant to Is
sue, and the bundle of clothing was duly
seized. It loomed large In front of his
Honor Judge Fritz, who declined to dis
miss the defendant, also to approve the
filing of a burglary complaint, and con
tinued the case until January 3, by which
time he hopes to have the involved legal
perplexities digested.
The prosecution pronounced Wing
cial Policeman Stone, who arrested
him, his revolver still on him. Stone
on the stand told this part of the
story. W. E. Weisse corroborated the
story of Thomas Shea, who had testi
fied previously. The two were the
citizens to whom Policeman Fenner
turned over his first prisoner. While
he was gone a throng of Italians gath
ered about the tw ( o men and, half by
force, half by bluff, took away their
prisoner. Both men pointed to Napoll
as the leader In this deliverance.
DEPAOU BECOMES HAVING
MANIAC IN COUNTr JAIL
Jury Will Be Impaneled a« Soon as
Possible to Pass Upon lII* Men
tal Condition.
Lulgl de Paoll, who brutally murder
ed his sister-in-law, Catherine de Paoli.
at 4 20 "Charter Oak street on Novem
ber 16, became a raving maniac in his
cell at the County Jail on Monday
morning. Two powerful Italians,
Andrea Danavarro and Pietro CasinellL
who are waiting trial for grand lar
ceny, were in the 'cell with him., De
Paoll shouted "I have four more to
kill. They have the evil eye," and he
sprang at Caslnelll'a throat They
struggled with him and called aloud
for help. It took them and four
deputies to overpower de Paoli and take
him to a dark cell, where he continued
his ravings. 1 He bit Caslnelll's thumb
during the struggle.
Yesterday morning Chief Jailer
Coyne communicated with District At
torney Bylngton as to De Paoll's con
dition and the District Attorney filed
an information with Presiding Judge
Lawlor charging De Paoli with murder,
bo that a Jury can be Impaneled to pass
upon his eanity. Chief Jailer Coyne
yesterday afternoon said that De Paoll
was somewhat quieter.
Wanted in Springfield.
Edward, alias "Kid" Lee, waa arrest
ed yesterday afternoon at the Ingle
side race track by Detectives Bunner
and Freel on a grand larceny warrant
forwarded by Sheriff Bralnard of
Springfield, 111. About a year ago Lee,
who claims to have been at one time
a prosperous horseman,- sold a horse in
St. Louis and then Lresold the animal,
it is alleged, to a man In Springfield.
He will be held on the detinue book
pending the arrival of requisition
papers. . N
DAVIS CONTEST DRAGS.— Th« trial of th«
contest to the codicil of the will cf tho late
Samuel Davis dropped Into the rut araln yes
terday when John P. Donovan, an expert pho
tographer, was called to explain tha methods
commonly used In photographing writings.
Donovan asserted that Theodore Kytka., in tha
employ of the contestants, had not correctly
photographed the contested codicil and other
exemplars, but had wrongly shaded them In
order to better Illustrate hi* contention that
the codicil U a forgery. The hearing goes on
again to-day.
VICTIM OF CARBON* MONOXIDE.— DanieI
McKenney, an elevator constructor, = was found
dead In bis room at 1403 % Folsom ' street ' yes
terday morning. Gas was escaping from tha
jrt' which was partly open. McKenney went
to bed shortly after midnight. There was noth
ing'to lead to the belief that it was t cast
of suicide. McKtnney • was ; 80 ' years of act,
6Cd A natlT* eon, H« was unmarrttd.
THE SAN t K'ANCISCPv CALL.. -WEDNESDAY-, DECEMBER 27, 1905:
Lung'o carrying atray of the bundle &
"highhanded proceeding'," and the defense
feucetlously ' conceded that It waa, inas
much as the bundle was carried ,\u25a0 away
upon Wing: Lungr's ehoulders and bal
anced there by his hands. .
Mrs. ,Mayhew was given back her cloth
leg'.
• • •
N© less than three -brotherly re
unions, occasioned by the Christmas
yearning- to foregrather with one's
blood kin, led to as many cases In
Judge Mogan's court.
The Bakers— Joseph and James
had not seen each other for? five years
when they met, through written ar
rangement, in front of ' the Palace
Hotel, and as neither of them had
the peconiary means wherewith to
celebrate their bringing; together they
solicited It from passing pedestrians.
They will be sentenced for. begging.
The Petersons— Bernard and Gustav
us — battered an unknown on Battery
street and were pronounced guilty of
peace disturbance*. »v
The Warnholzes— George 'and Wal
ter — had a dispute with the conductor
of a Castro-street car over a. question
of transfer and they were dismissed
with a reprimand.
Consternation seized* the closely
packed inmates of the cage In Judge
CabaniSß* court when his Honor as
cended the bench and, with hand to
Jaw, groanlngly announced that he
was in urgent need of dental service.
And a great sigh of relief went up
from the corral when, after sentencing
several plain vagrants to fifteen days
apiece, the sufferer declared he was in
agony too keen to permit him to ad
minister Justice with the lenient hand
that the season demanded. Then he
continued all the unheard oases until
to-day.
William Roslin and Peter Lindquist,
sturdy mendicants, assaulted folk who
declined to give them alms at Sacra
mento and Kearny streets and Judge
Conlan sentenced them to six months
apiece. - .
Mary Diamond, who "lifted" fifty
five lace handkerchiefs in Hale Broth
ers' department store, and was nabbed
with the plunder in her possession,
told Judge Fritz that a French dinner
prompted her to larceny. Never un
til she ate that French dinner, she as
severated, did she have Impulse to
steal, and what on earth the viands
contained to make' an honest person
desire to pilfer was more than she
could understand. She will be sen
tenced for petty larceny. ,
Mrs. Minnie Stewart, who said she re
sided and taught music at 10048 Golden
Gate avenue, pleaded illness and Inability*
to explain why she was laden with plun
der when detected In the act of adding
to her ill-gotten store in the clothing es
tablishment of Roos Bros. It was the
first time she ,had_ever even thought of
stealing, she averred, but the record was
produced to show that three years ago
she was arrested for pilfering a feather
boa from the Emporium, and then she
declared she had completely forgotten
that Incident until Judge Mogan remind
ed her of it. She will be sentenced as soon
as several dealers In holiday goods have
inspected her plunder and picked their
own from It.
• •\u25a0;-\u25a0'•
Rose Cody, youthful and comely, Indig
nantly denied that the purse which she
had pilfered from a woman In a Mission
grocery contained J7 cash.
"There was Just $6 75 in it, and not a
cent more," she averred In injured tone.
Miss Cody's apartment contained a
number of articles whioh (the police
searching party believe to have been
stolen, and Judge Conlan will give the
case another hearing next irlday.
Charles Reed, with a beard of Rip Van
Winkle luxuriance and hue, stroked his
chin appendage meditatively as he plead
ed that he stole a canary and cage from
a bird store at Ninth and Market streets
simply because' he loved feathered pets,
and for no other reason whatsoever.
Judge Mogan pronounced him guilty of
petty larceny.
• • •
Judge Mogan did not know that Walter
F. Hanlon and George Watson were deaf
mutes when he ordered , Bailiff Mahoney
to go to the corridor and loudly shout
that they, were wanted In court, nor did
the bailiff know that the men he sought
were standing beside, him and ignorant
of what he was saying as he bawled
their namei three consecutive times. It
was their attorney, an adept in digital
converse, who notified them that their
presence was desired by his Honor.
They were accused of breaking a res
taurant window at Third and Stevenson
streets while they were engaged In flstlc
combat, and by promising to - repair the
breakage they obtained dismissal.
Among the benedicts -who celebrated
the merry Christmas holiday by battering
their respective helpmeets '\u25a0 were Edward
H. Smith of 1227 Bush street. Thomas
Mulvey of 3M9 Buchanan street and
Charles E. Claude of South San ; Francis
co. Wifely forgiveness secured dismissal
In each case.
• •' •
Judge Fritz dismissed . the compialnt
against Fred J. Collins 1 , Eugene Smith
and E-ugene Brandt, who were : arrested
Saturday night and accused of having
waylaid with Intent to. rob | George J. El
liott onlTaylbr. street,'; near Bush. Elliott
opined that j the defendants did ' not^ Intend
to rob him. Miss Lizzie B. McMUlen, who
knocked down one of; the trio,* was not
called on to testify. ; „ (
•6.75 — -Carmel-by-the- Sea— S6.7s.
' This low rate includes Saturday to Monday
round trip ticket . from \u25a0 San ? Francisco and " ac
commodations at. Pine: Inn Hotel. - Furthar
particulars of Southern X Pacific : agent. -•.-
CIRCULARS ; ,' BARRED.— The ; j Postmaster
General has ; Issued ; . a ;; circular ' \u25a0 respecting
abuses of the : privilege '. oil second-class - mat
ter by periodicals, masked \u25a0as i newspapers and
magazine*,'- but.which.Mn reality,.; are: merely
advertising \u25a0 circulars. \u25a0.Premium*,^ gifts -.or
other • extraneous considerations - given ,-; by the
publisher, by which premiums the subscription
price 1b eubstAiitially, if 'not wholly returned,
will be taken :to mean ; that ' such \ publications
are not of * the \u25a0 class ' entitled - to second-class
postage.
Secure healthful, nutrition?. by; using
Lash's Kidney 'and, 'Liver "Bitters. •
, ARRESTED FOR '- ROBBING.— Joe • Revelea
and Claudle Rico were : arrerted yesterday aft
ernoon by- Detectives . Ryan f and ± ODea ' and
booked at the CityPrlson on'a charge ' of , : rob
bery. Antone ;Morales.t 42 Soott place,", la ' tho
complaining witness. v He 1 and hi* wife; were in
a dance hall on Pacific street on Sunday night
As ; they : left ? the s dance ' hall, •Itz Is al leged, /the
two defendants struck him on the head with a
demijohn and robbed , him : of : his silver, watch
: Ask the man who knows. The American
Cigar, made by Rtg-oasburg,' la the beat»«
INSURANCE
MEN EFFECT
A BIG DEAL
Two Largest Life Companies
AVest of the Mississippi
to Be Consolidated at
Once Into Great Concern
COMBINATION WILL
PROVE BENEFICIAL
Polic3 r Holders Now Possess
a Tremendous Bulwark of
Strength to Resist Any
Attack That May Be Made
. The Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany of San Francisco and the Conserva
tive Life Insurance Company of Los An
geles were consolidated under one man
agement yesterday. > The gigantic deal
was consummated in the . interests of
economy and for the benefit of the policy
holders. . .
Tho new concern will be known as the
Pacific Conservative Life Insurance Com
pany. Its president will be W. S. Tupper
of the southern corporation. Others of
the several directors will be Henry T.
Scott, G. I. Cochran, G. W. Scott and Wil
liam Crocker. The central offices of tti«
new company will De in San Francisco.
The funds will be Invested In California
exclusively. Where the policy-holder was
strongly entrenched before he will now
have a double bulwark for the safeguard,
of his interests and may see the absolute
certainty of the liquidation of any liabil
ity. The salary of no officer will be In
creased by/ the consolidation, but the . ex-,
pense of management will be reduced one
half. In this connection <It has been
learned that Henry T., Scott, the famous
shipbuilder,, has given. his services abso
lutely free to the Pacific Mutual since the
retirement of President Moore. . It was
largely through the former's efforts and
in the interests of the policy-holders that
the consolidation has been brought about.
BENEFITS CALIFORNIA.
The combination of these two immense
interests means much for * California. r It
will "mean vastly niore as time goes on,
because the n«w concern under a man
agement which, from its personnel, must
be unquestioned will absorb a large part
of the business which has formerly gone
to the corporations recently exposed in
the East. The deal Is the biggest thing
of its kind ever consummated in life in
surance. The new company will have
only two larger rivals west of the Atlan
tis seaboard. It will have more business
than the five ble insurance companies of
Chicago combined and more than all the.
companies of Dps Moines. lowa, -' the
"Hartford of the West." The assets total
approximately $11,003,000. The Pacific Mu
tual will rank as one of the world's great-j
est financial institutions. Bvery Callfor
nian should be proud of it. . ,
Mr. .Tupper, who ranks- as. one of the
\u25a0greatest' of^the country's Insurance men,
and Henry T. Scott, •* well known, to San
Francisco,* are the principal figures in the
negotiations which have ended so bene
ficially. *'\u25a0\u25a0 - ,
The actual consolidation and selection
of offices will take place as soon as pos
sible.. Not one cent of money was paid
as brokerage fees for effecting the trans
fer. Two hleh officials of the new com-,
pany Issued the following statement last
f 100.000,000 INSURANCE.
An amalgamation has been effected whereby
the Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company of
this city and the Conservative Life Insurance
Company of Los Angeles have . been merged
into one company, under one management.
Henry T. Scott.. W. H. Crocker, and George W.
Scott, who; are directors of the Pacific Mutual
and represent, a controlling Interest in the
same, negotiated this arrangement with Colonel
W. S. . Tupper. and Georgo I. Cochran, • respect
ively president and vice president of, . the Con
servative Life, I who, .with their associates, con
trol that company. \u0084'. . .
Neither one of ' the companies will be ab
sorbed by th» other, nor will the business
of either, company be sold to the other. U
is a. consolidation of all the business and In
terests into one j large ; strong company.
It will be the largest life insurance merger
ever effected in the United States. The con
solidated company will show insurance in
force of nearly one • hundred millions, assets
exceeding ten millions and surplus of eleven
hundred thousand. H will be the only: life
Insurance company domiciled on the coast or
having a home office in . the Western States.
It will be one of the largest companies in the
United States. It will be the largest one west
of the Northwestern Mutual of Milwaukee and
larger than the five Chicago companies com
bined. It will be larger than - the- five ' In
dianapolis companies » combined and much
larger than the seven ' lowa companies . com
bined. -.. It -. will practically .. be the only, life
insurance" company of the whole region west
of the" Mississippi River. With the exception
of the Northwestern, of Milwaukee and the
Union Central of Cincinnati. Ohio., it .will be
the largest company in the United ; States not
located on the Atlantic seaboard. .::» : ;
HAS STEADY. GROWTH.
'The Pacific Mutual Life Insurance' Company
was organized" In Sacramento In April, 1863.
Later - it transferred its ' home : office to this
city. It has \u25a0 had a slow, 'steady, but sound
gTowth; and has a fine reputation- for . good
character and -oonservatlsm. Its directors . in
clude'such well 'known and representative men
as Henry T." Scott, W; H. Crocker, George W.
Scott, I>. W. Earl, .Wakefield Baker, :W. R.
Clunef a ; and . others." r Its mortality experience
is the most favorable of any company.' ln . the
United States of- the same age. It operates a
separate 'health and accident department. .
. . The \u25a0= Conservative ' Life Insurance . Company
wae organized in Los Angeles, and began busi
ness July , 5, i 1900. -It .is -- therefore \u25a0 something
over five years old.' According to official reports
no company - ever '. organized in the i ; United
States . has ever , shown so > much : Insurance In
force so much assets and so much surplus in
so short a- period after - organization, -a It has
been remarkably aggressive from the start and
writes more ; business 1 , in .\u25a0California"; than any
other company in the' world, and; Is .well and
favorably known throughout the : entire - United :
Htntf° •?tffwlHM|^"jt ll """ l fl-"" 1 "' >l ' I| T H " \™ mm Wj'- M tf II \u25a0'!'
\u25a0The \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' name \u25a0of the ; amalgamated company
will be the Pacific-Conservative Life Insurance
Company. \u25a0 The charter of. the Pacific" Mutual
will be < retained and the word '.Conservative.
inserted for the word "Mutual" in the present
name of the ... company. The,ofnc«rB of the
amalgamated company ; will be : \u25a0:'; Colonel Wil
bur S. Tupper. president; George I.', Cochran,'
vice -president:^ John ,P. Roche; 'second .vice
president: and ; actuary; Dr. W. R.? Clunes*,'
medical director.* * The - finance committee s will
consist of the^ strongest financial" men from
both boards. :.",'A ' secretary and superintendent
of -.agencies will be selected and ; announced'
The (directors of -the; amalgamated company
will be made up. of men: from '.both .boards. v It
will ' include * Henry : T. - Scott."- the ; well-known
ex-president of , the Union i Iron -Works ; ; W. v H."
Crocker -of - the Crocker- Woolworth -ißank;
George W. - Scott. \u25a0 the i woll-known ~i capitalist
and * lumberman, and others from" the" Pacific
Mutual, board. From \u25a0? the " Conservßtive '"\u25a0 Life
board there will Colonel .Tupper, v George : I.*
Cochran \u25a0.. and ' others.*' ; '. \u25a0' \u0084\- ' •. .. .\u25a0-\u25a0.."
V The "'consolidation;' is, 6f ;. tremendous ; Impor
tance, i."' It unites all ~ lif e • Insurance: coast Inter-"
eats ' and makes a very strong,'.' aggressive com
pany 'I which .will ; bo a factor < In ; the life ; Insur
ance • world and a ': great : credit to * the . State of
California:^ It/ will be * the s; greatest i money
gatherer , of ' the Pacific ; Coast.'; since : the opera
tions >of a" life « insurance ' company ; are \u25a0 practl-'
cally \u25a0 unlimited." .The ..amalgamated S company
will * draw ' money .' from "nearly £ every i State fln
the Union.: in addition to keeping; at home mil
lion* which heretofore have .been: Bent to East
ern f centers.'; >The ? new ; : organization -i will j be ' a'
better company, than either of, the old ones.l for
It", will : contain * the | best | elements of | both I com
\u25a0 panles and' the stronger men of the; two com-
P f nleS ECONOMIES ARE 'POSSIBLE.; .
; "Under the : consolidation ' manyf economic* : are
possible.*' There i will b* but • one ; net : of ' offlcers,"
instead of; two. Thousi nd.V, of j dollars twill fbe
Baved;ln home office expenses," andjmany'mbrei
thousands In field ' operations.' - In many claceo.-
*J U t\ Bl^^^O B£^^^ Ef^^La mS f9 A^r^^ El mw^^^^ HR £^r^^ Jm B[ wt§^^^
\u25a0 ' . ' L - \u25a0 » \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 - -.' ' \u25a0 ' ' * ' "
Was well attended yesterday, notwithstanding the bad weather. Rain had no serious effect on
the size of the expected crowds— the money-saving chances were too good for that. All offerings
'on sale yesterday; will be repeated to-day, and there will be many more.
As announced Tuesday morning, , we have purchased an immense surplus stock of dress
goods from one of -the biggest houses in San Francisco. ' Every piece new and up to date. In this
stock. will be found -.Alpaca,' Voile, Homespun Novelties, Crepe de Paris, Henriettas, Eolienne,
etc.; sto 8 yard lengths;; no two alike. All 'will be sold at half price and lesa
Look at These Values
50c and 60c Snltlns, yard .... , ' 25c $1.00 and $1.25 Black and Colored Crepe de Part*.
$I.so , Fancy Suitings, yard .Qoo f.f yard .. ... 5O«
181.00 Camel* Hnfr Suiting* 400 $1.50 Black and Colored Kollense. yard... soc and 75e
TSc Homespun (stripe) yard .85c $ 1.25 Fancy Voile, yard 450
60c Fancy Alnacn, yard .: .850 Sl.oo Fancy Voile, yard ....3.1c
Sl.OO Black and Colored Voile, yard ......... .600 4Oc Colored Henrietta, yard ..19c
['. COUPOX. " COUPON. COCPOX.
$225 PilloWS Pennsylvania Jlye Whiskey 9g C Ftannektte
x <ri «!/. -54c 'Bottle ... cr
TOr fI.W p potr t or Sherry 22c Bottle Wrappers DDC
Upon presentation of this cou- T t««« nr»««>n JH Upon presentation of this coupon
. pon. we will sell a fine sanitary upon presen- ra we will s«il a fine quality Flan-
feather pillow for beds, regular , tat lon of this jjf\ - ill neletto Wrapper for
price $2^5, for 91.10^ coup(m we gl r3| CC
«^" »V^h * • J^xV' j!<\ known *^ri£l'*: &i. t \'jl/V\ x^*-ti p**ra come In
Y^^Ys^\^^*#Y^ ' '\u25a0 vanla \u25a0\u25a0R y • !&;«K" Ff^^wS i -«r^^^-» ette - y° ke back
'\u25a0\u25a0W/ l 'ft#MW^ ; • :-W.hlske:ya@£3 r'PORTfI WMW$\ and font.
"^%^^^^^ a bottle, for B&J*t3OP lS&fc!> \u25a0 SSfh^b r rTldl
These pillows are' stuffed with r^V . W^W wXtV u^la-
live feathers (purity guaran- DHC WK|. "» Jn colors Md
teed) and: weigtv four pounds. , Or we will sell you a bottle of -Jwlll sizes
They^re covered with hand- our good quality Port pr 81ier- I* Jfjßl None sold at
aomely figured art ticking. ry re g U lar price 40c. for S* : V's\ this pr i c
The greatest pillow bargain ever Jr nt% o „, i7 J »3-iM without this
-offered .in this city. 22c Bottle [fcPlll Coupon
None" sold at this price without < \u25a0 - \u25a0 - - A/tT-^'iliSV Xn man nr
this coupon. Each bottle contain* a full quart. ifc\ r 4:*ire!k. *»?«
No mail orders. ' None sold at these prices without *?I^4TUi«ss^V r- « \u25a0 #
Not more than two pillows to a this coupon. _->'.- /#«i ii.«!f&* iv\ w toon tor
customer. > No mall orders. c'y'h!|f»iT»VAi'\\> *L-
Good for Wednesday. December Good for Wednesday, December MJ A^iiMuVj& vi ' £? ««w
27. only. 27. only. -*•»)«-«*- Z7. only.
Ptagers Pragers I Pragers
MIDWEEK GROCERY SPECIALS
•Wednesday and Thursday Only
Lennox Soap — Just fits' the hand, ." ' . . . . - Tea— Uncolored. English Break-
17 bars ....... 50c : "AU^^ > — * ast » Oolong or Green, regular-
Gorilon A Dlllworth's Plum Pud- B U &^yA iA i ly 50c. 3 lbs $t.oo
<Hn R—l-lb.R — 1-lb. tins, each 20c MshM B >IhIFI &t| Tomatoes— New Pack. 3 tins 23c,
Iticlinrdnon & Itohhlns' Plum -j| H LM &jk |L |L /^P dozen 85c
K «! n tl vlduals ' lOcs • Mir * *-/v rMB _ Extra lmport , d . P ; tlt Pof3 ,
See^d ntfuinL-New' Crop. -3 (I;, ALH^TbEUABLE the be.t. regufarly 25c tin; .pe, '
Kona, freshly roasted, lb.. 10c -' tree, box or 24 .9o
where both companies have a branch or
agency In the same city, the same will be
consolidated, saving rent, managers' and cash
iers', salaries. The greater strength and pres
tige Jof tha combined . company will attract
business even more readily than either does
aftfce present time. In, view of the- fact that
the Conservative Life alone writes more busi
nPS3 than any other company does In Califor
nia, the "combination" will sweep »the coast and
all the Western States. Since tho Conservative
Life single-handed has beaten the - giants in
California the combination may be expected
to be the", leading and most prominent insur
ance force on the entire coast, and no doubt
eastward to the Mississippi Rivet-.
The most Important result of the combina
tion will be larger . dividends to policy-holders
which really means an ultimate lower net
cost of Insurance. There. Is; every- reason to
believe that with the savings and economics
which are possible under, the combination the
new organization will not be beaten In the
United States on satisfactordy returns to pol
icy-holders. While the strength and solidity
of either comoany has never been questioned
the consolidation will make a still stronger
company. -
The amalgamated company will have two
home office centers. The Pacific Mu<.ual has
a fine home office building In this City, and
has recently acquired the property through to
Commercial street, making a splendid site for
a new building. If needed, 150x180. The Con
servative Life - Insurance Comoany ; has . a flno
modern office building In Los Angeles." - The
company's home office activities will be equally
divided between the two points. AH policies
will be written from the San Francisco office
and sent cut from there, it being. a more cen
tral point for distribution. The policy depart
ment, medical department, agency department,
claims department and * actuarial department
will be operated from the San Francisco office.
This will. result' ln the removal of some sixty
odd employes from Los Angeles to San "an
cleco. Colonel Tupper will spend- most o.his
time at the San \u25a0 Franci»co of flee.
How; will the mercer be effected? »There are
plain • provisions and statutes . enabling such a
move to be made. With a perfect understand
ing between ' the controlling powers of both
companies, working harmoniously together,
there will . be no obstacles . whatever. The de
tails . to carry out the plan set out above will
be arranged . at subsequent meetings \u25a0of both
companies.
l&ri Pstißs3 Xi Bjtatd «A. JKjSbT * oTsSmM IJD^B Cyfj S3 * Dm WtSmM f»IIB un JL . '£^3
m&- $&j H A Bas nnea r '^111 perfectly warm \ •« uAr\ri •» {-
|i :; :v'*T H; that; isolated room which' thi furxuu* ,mu«tb t-
K| RELIABLE I wiU not heat. \ C.AC KdHl/itAr Wi
B^-*^. i. ; -" -•*~V:.;:;|~ V :. ; :;| NO FLUES OR 4-TUBE. HEAVILY NICKELED I 4
M Srr UL 1 fl TMIMNITV NlTirni?n SPECIAL *A ff/v « FEET OF §-]
HJ nu. „ i »iJ\J fzfl* I wr!lmnllL.Y rilit^DiCD price.. S>H».DU hose free m
l||f isfitirmilfimßnißiifffr JtWHSm mm tni\u25a0m in ill li 111 1 1 H Hi I ff|l^^»'»'»'»»«J*Ji^^ .iinnii' bllwlw. wuii Bl
p|] Telephone or call at the Main Offloe, or at I f\ A O J^V% 'VkJB 'wSfS^S^nSPM * I
|^ our Appliance Salesroom, corner Coldan I. I FmIL VJsT>\^ C :^€^jl^ K^Wll|filn| 14
H-Oat«YATenti«H -Oat«YATenti«) arid {\JonesStroeV and yius 1^ : M :#i**< '•>**T»W XJ^SX A* XHsVl^l 1 f|
m will receiy* prompt attsntlon. | 415 POST STREET. Phone Exchange 6 jj
- sss^^ssriflflsi^Bi fc" UpP "E^iWh /rip^TiiiisS^^ *^* '"" "- \u25a0^^^^^bbb>^^bbbßbusbbSHbbHsi *' ..'* ' -"^* '"^ft^Bir^sl fft M^^OBwBKSJB^MttBB ' -\u25a0' ' -^^^s&HEggO^sssßwls^twWPßss^sß^isssm »U^raCsM^WMHPyc^**- ", *? .' s \u25a0""\u25a0' ffi^S^JslT,
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
CHARGED • "WITH BURGLARY.— Josspa
Bell. - who claims that h* Is a waiter, was ar
iested by % Policeman O'Connor last night. He
1.-; accused ot entering the home of Earl Updike
at 1010 Pqwell street. Nothing was taken from
the . place. \u25a0\u25a0-;•?
: MEIER OS THE "WAT HlTHER.— Charles
M»ler. wanted for embezzling a large sum in
thi3 State, started from London for San Fran
cisco- on the 23d in chars* of , Detective Rey
nolds.^ Captain Burnett yesterday received a
letter from Reynolds, giving the date of sail-
In-.
BANK WIL.I* MOVE.— The Rnsso-Chlne»«
Bank, which has lons been at 412 Montgomery
street, has leased the ground floor of the Pa
cific Mutual Lite building at Montgomery and
Sacramento streets and will soon move to Its
new quartera, which, have been much Im
proved. |
NURSES INCORPORATE.— ArticIe* of ln
ccrporatlon of the San Francisco Nurses" As
sociation were filed yesterday. It Is stated
that the purpose of the association Is to brlns
all of the nurses of the city into one organi
zation. The directora of th« association ar«
Miss Caroline Pratt. Miss M. L. Sweeney and
Miss Minnie Fechlemer. •
CHARGED WITH ASSAULT TO MUR
DER. — George J. Schmltt. who was arrested on
Sunday niKht by Detectives Graham and Har
rison. -was booked at the City Prison yesterday
on a charge of aseault to murder. He is ac
cused of stabbing William J. Kelly in the left
breast at the SU-MHe House on Sunday even-
Ing. . Kelly is at the City and County Hospital.
JEWISH MASS MEETING POSTPONED.—
The Jewish mass . meeting announced for last
night bas been postponed until same future
occasion, of which due notice will be given to
the public. This was done for the reason
that many people outside of the city wanted
to affiliate with the cause, and join the per
manent organization, and they wanted more
time to make final arrangements to join the
tody. 1 '
POLICE SEARCH FOR SWINDLER.— Chief
Dlnan was notified yesterday \u25a0by the Pacific
States Telephone and - Telegraph Company that
a\ man has been swindling subscribers and
others. He has been representing himself as
an agent of tha company and *tatlay that th*
company Intended In future to place advertise
ments and cuts In tha telethon* directory. II »
charges •$."! for an advertisement and gives a
receipt signing tha name of T. "W. Hull. Ha
has received money from a large number of
subscribers. 'He is an li&Dostor. Tna ChicS
has detailed two men to search for tb*j swin
dler.
TRUSTEES MAT ISST*E BONDS.—^Th« Su
pre:na Court dacided yesterday that the I»s
Angeles School District has power -to issua
bonds. The Board of Supervisors claimed that
It had tha exclusive power to issue tae bonds.
Tha court says both - bodies have tha right to
Issue bonds for school purposes, but that tha
county or municipality can do so only whert
such action l 3 not contrary to tha wishes of
the Board of Trustees of tha school district.
JUSTICE VAN DYKE'S FUNEKAI* — Tha>
funeral of Supreme Court Justice Van Dyke,
who passed away Monday, will be held at tho
family, residence in Oakland at 2 o'clock this
afternoon. The death of Justice Jackson Tem
pla occurred on Christmas day also, tnree
years ago. The vacancy caused by the death
Of Justice Van Dyke will be filled by j^iber
natorlal appointment. As deceased was from
the south it i» expected that hts successor wilt
also be from that section ot tha State.
BEATEN AND ROBBED.— Charles Heraper.
652 Ninth avenue, obtained a warrant frora
Police Judge Cabanisa yesterday afternoon for
the arrest of James Je3s!e,i George Dennis and
"Nick" Nicholson on a charge of robbery.
Heraper said that he was at the Chutes on
Sunda;- night. While be was neartng his homn
the three defendants attacked him and a
friend, whose name he could not remember.
Heraper said they knocked him down and
kicked him In the face. His pockets ware cut
and 910 stolen. Detectives Taylor and Brals
are workinc on the case.
RAINFALL LIGHT. — The rain which fell in
San Francisco yesterday was due to an exten
sive storm which is sweeping over the north
ern rart of the coast in an easterly direction.
In all probability the moisture received will be
all that will fall for some days In California.
The crincipal force of tha storm wll be felt
in the country lying east of the Sierra Nevada
Mountains and this side of tha Rockies. In
this territory considerable snow is expected,
so says Professor McAdle. The fall yesterday,
amounting to .06 of an Inch, was confled to
within fifty mlle» of the city.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS ..'.... Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO ' ,
3OTLS McXAUGITX. >-- .Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY 7 • • .DECEMBER 27, 1905
A LESSON IN REFORESTATION.
CONTRA COSTA Mountains, on the east side of the bay of San
"Francisco, were once wooded. When Dana made his two
years' voyage before the mast and visited San Francisco in
1832, those slopes, now mostly bare of trees, were forested. The
great redwood stumps are still found in many places, decaying mon
uments to the forests that were. In some places the eucalyptus has
been planted and flourishes in scattered groves that are rather mo
notonous in their grouping, but still serve to enliven the landscape.
Not many attempts have yet been made to recreate a genuine
forest, with its natural variety of trees, grouped as they grow in the
tracts that are planted by nature. The best example of such a forest
is found on Joaquin Miller's place, "The Heights." Less than
twenty years ago it was a lofty and barren ridge, rather forbidding,
txcept for the noble v^ewthat it commands. It was not watered,
except by the rains, and to the casual observer seemed the^ least
promising spot in all that range for the growth of a forest' But
he began planting, and at the same time began calling public atten
tion to the necessity and the possibility of recreating the forests
that mean so much to California.
Long in advance of the efforts of the Federal Government in
that direction, he inspired a group of people to promote tree plant
ing and inaugurated the first arbor day on Goat Island, when oc
curred the last public appearance of the beloved General Vallejo, who
told the people present of the glories of the primitive forests that
he knew in his childhood in this part of the State. Trees were
planted that day on the island and flourished until careless guar
dianship caused their destruction by: fire. Had this been prevented,
the bay would have been adorned by a thriving grove, and the
'memory and suggestion of that first Arbor day.
' \u25a0 The Poet of the Sierras kept on planting his own land, and now
Jiis heights are covered by the most charming forest. Cypress and
lh.e. conifers, redwoods, eucalyptus, oak, the olive, poplar and beech
have all been used, and the sassafras and many other exotics, trees
grown from seed sent to him by Gladstone and other friends in
Europe, have joined in making what was a blear ridge and slope one
of the most charming spots around the bay. It is a genuine forest,
not-a struggling plantation of starving shrubs. It is not monotonous.
The variety of foliage, running from the weeping willow to the dove
tinted leaves of the olive, give it the varied aspect of the natural
forest.
' Now all of this has been done in a few years, showing the natural
capacity of our mountain soil and climate for the rapid production
of trees. It is an object lesson of the greatest value to our people,
and should encourage the National Forestry Bureau" to delay no
longer the refores&tion of the lands that have been stripped of tim
ber tor profit and have felt the destroying touch of fire. The Realty
Syndicate of Oakland has been inspired by his example and is plant
ing all of its tracts in the same range above Oakland, and will soon
be in possession of a great number of sightly building sites, sheltered
by thrifty trees.
Planting trees costs so little and the return is so great in satis
faction that it is time the Government took notice and did some
thing to forest its islands in the bay. Goat Island and Angel Island
and the Federal reservations on the Marin shore can be forested like
the Presidio and Black Point reservations, and the bay scenery would
be transformed if it were done. Anybody, anywhere, with the* pa
tience and devotion of Joaquin Miller, can within less than one gen
eration change the face of nature in California by converting into
fine forest tracts of hill and mountain land that are useless for any
other purpose, and were intended by nature for that alone.
• - If they want profit out of it, besides the value it gives to sightly
spots near the cities for homes, the olive may be freely used, for in
the. poet's groves the olive flourishes, untouched by any .enemy, and
bears its fruit in excellence without cultivation. It is the longest
lived of trees. Trees still cast their grateful; shade and yield their
fruit that sheltered the group that listened to the Sermon on the
Mount of Olives. There is no more tenacious tree, and none plays
a -.more conspicuous part in the economies of man. The acacia is
another tree that may have -uses at present unsuspected. It yields
Che gum arabic, and on Piedmont Heights this season it has been
for the first time observe^ that certain acacias, after pruning, have
yielded pounds of that valuable commercial gum. It has crystallized
where it dripped on the sidewalks and in great masses at the points
of exudation. It has a good commercial value in medicine and con
fectionery. So the tree planters may beautify the bare hills, add
value to "the land, and at the same time secure commercial products
OUR ITALIAN COLONY.
npHE Italian colony of San Francisco numbers 25,000 people. » It
I would be remarkable if there were not among them some thrift
* less and some criminal individuals. . But the colony must no
more be judged by them than our American population consisting
of those whose families have been on the soil for centuries should
be judged by the few who lapse into crime and misdoing.
. It js part of the art of headlining news, especially criminal news,
in the daily press, to flash up something startling, that arrests atten
tion. This being done in the case of crimes committed by Italians
takes the form of ascribing the offense to the Mafia or the Black-
Hand, or other criminal associations known to exist in parts of
Italy. It is far from the policy of American papers, in which such
headlines are used, to misrepresent or humiliate our Italian people.
The fact about them is that criminal statistics prove the colony,
to be remarkably free from crime. Perhaps a majority of them are
Piedmontese, the people of the valley of the Po, the countrymen and
compatriots of Cavour, the statesman who created "modern Italy.
They are a wonderfully industrious and thrifty people, who make
bread for many and filch it from none. Some of our greatest rural
and business enterprises belong to them. They hold an exceedingly
creditable position in the .public life of this city and State. An
Italian sits on the bench of our Supreme Court. - An Italian has
creditably represented this State in Congress. Italians have proven
themselves most appreciative and intelligent members of. our school
board and our Board of Supervisors. Italians do credit to the
learned professions of law and medicine. We have no more pa
triotic citizens than they. They love our institutions and use with
out abusing the broader opportunity of man in this land, which in
their native Italy they called "The land of the beautiful flag."
There has never been any evidence of the existence of the Mafia
or Black Hand or Camorra in our colony. Tru Italy, where officials
and statesmen note what goes on among their expatriated country
men all over the world, the Italian colony of San Francisco is noted
for the peace, prosperity and friendly fellowship of its members.
They bring here no feud nor vendetta, and soon add to the virtues
of their fatherland those of their asylum in this land of liberty.
They have such a place in our industrial and business life as makes
them valuable citizens, who would be missed if they were withdrawn,
and we desire to say for them that no such charge can lie against
them as is made in other of our large cities.
The farmer who can read Secretary Wilson's glowing and auroral
report without feeling all-fired rich and prosperous may be set down as an
incurable and unimaginative pessimist. — Milwaukee Sentinel.
~ — .. . * > \u25a0
It is * great country in which the resignation of, three men, all mem
bers of one family, from the employ of a. life insurance company wipes
$450,000 a year from the pay roll.— Elmira Gazette.
Even the Sultan of Turkey will grant reforms when he has, to. The
Sultan is jutt like the President of an American rnioranca company.—At
leatt, JocrntL,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ;\u25a0' WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1905.
A PILGRIM'S PROGRESS
OCCI DENTAL ACCI DENTALS.
A. J. Waterhouse
THE TALE OF A FOOL.
ONCE upon a time, a certain Fool
who had been made the Mayor of
a great city because the people
knew the sort of man who ought to
represent them cast his eyes about him
in search of other'graft.
"Aha!" he said to himself, "there is the
gubernatorial office. It shall be mine." !
. So the Fool consulted his Boss, and his
Boss told him how to get the coveted
prize, and thereupon the Fool shouted the
slogan of the People and was #uly elected
Governor.
/Then did the. Fool cast his eyes about
him in search of 'other fields to conquer,
and when he had done so he said to him
self, "I will be a United States Senator, j
for there are but few of them who have
a smoother, slicker graft than mine."
So the Fool again consulted his Boss,
and his Boss told him how he might be
come a Senator: and after that he was
duly elected. . r-v
Then did the Fool again cast his eyes
about him in search of a bigger snap, ana
he said to himself: "I wonder if it is pos
sible that I might be President."
So he again consulted his Boss, and his
Boss said: ."Sure!' It's dead easy!"
"But I am only a Fool," remarked the
aspirant, who was not so foolish that he
did not understand his limitations.
"Oh, well;- get j onto yourself. Read
some history, an' you'll see dat fools ain't
barred," his Boss replied.
So the Fool laid his wires for the Pres
idency, but whether he ever got there I
never heard; and all that remains is the—
Moral: If a Fool Is not without ambi
tion, he can find considerable to encour
age him in the pages of history.
Chorus of Mothers— My Willie has been
such a good little boy during the last few
days! ':'-:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
The Benignant Santa Claus— Yes, I feel
that I can understand it. A long and va
ried experience has taught me to ex
pect it.
A SMILE FOR DISASTER.
If the gray, horse won when the black
\u25a0 horse should, why, at least shpw up
with a smile;
If you bet your. money and didn't "make
good," well, that is the popular, style;
If you've been out late with the, boys; at
night and, have flirted a blt.wJtbJSln,
When your : head feels swelled /"*ln '\u25a0 the
morning light, ; then take your dose
with a grin; '-.•'•"> r : -
If you take a hand In the faro game, and
it gtves you a plexus blow,
Why, the rule.to observe is ever the same:
Do not show : the -hurt; you -.know. \u25a0.":•\u25a0
Oh, a coward may, slink, and , a \u25a0 coward
may crawl, as only a ' craven , can, •
But a man, though he oft with the foolish
DON'T BE GRAVE, BE GAY AND DRIVE DULL CARE AWAY.
ANOTHER . ENGAGEMENT. \ >
Mater-I/s ee naval
engagement : is i reported. ,
liieutenant^fMore'V; fighting?f ;
Mate-^-IW suppose so. The
captain -is "engaged -to ''the rear
admiral's daughter.
MISTER BUNION
copyright; im*. by toe new ycrk evekiss telecram (new vmk herau> cm
fall, may smile through his pain,
like a man.
The world liketh well the man sans, a
whine, and itloveththe smile on his
' . face, • : . . \u25a0 . .\u25a0\u25a0',
But it giveth no grace to the \u25a0\u25a0 ones , who
repine and say. "I am hurt in this
\u25a0 place." I
If you had every woe that your life doth
deserve, what then were your dolor-
; ous lot? \u25a0 : '\u25a0' - \u25a0[ i
Perhaps yoi*'d fare well, but I've only. the
"nerve" to say I am glad I have not.
In the most of our cases the dose that we
take is only the dose we have earned.
Though my- skull Is quite dense and my
brain is opaque, so 1 * much in my life
I have learned, [gal? -*'j_Vs
So I say to myself, as I say unto all, as
the wiser and hapuier plan,
That a man, though he oft with. the fool
ish may fall, may smile through hja
pain, like a man.
"Do you believe, as the poet says, that
'hope . springs eternal in the human
breast'?" •-"
"Yes, but I've noticed that It generally
settles down again.". •
"You know this man's reDutation for
truth and veracity?"
"That he tells the truth."
"You consider him veracious, then?'.'.
"Well, If you want my personal opinion,
I should say that he was so — under suffi
cient provocation.?
UP-TO-DATE DEFINITIONS.
A pessimist— One who allows his dyspep
sia to ooze out in language,
An optimist— One whose. soul is bigger
than his dyspepsia. ;
Truth— The thing that \u25a0? we see.
Error— The thing that the other fellow
sees.
Multl-mllllonalre— A man whom we gen
erally condemn— unless we "strike it
lucky."
Our baby— The only real thing that ever
happened. ...
The other fellow's baby— A howling
brat. ..'. ... : . ;;-\u25a0-:• : .', ••/\u25a0.' *, ;
* v Classical music— The kind that many of
us make a bluff at perfectly worshiping..
The old-fashioned music— The kind that
we first hear with pleasure-dimmed eyes,
and then say, "What a -pity that she
doesn't sing something choice!"
Our dear daughter's, music— Hus — s— sh!
Selfishness— The . thing : that alls the
other fellow when he will not Ido as we
desire. v L,
To-morrow— The happy timel when the
majority of us are going to do something
strikingly good. : '/•,: ;
New woman— The same old' thing In a
vest and era vat
AFTER "THE * PARTY.
;",•" Little , Girl— Oh ! % nursey,." lift
mempiand/put-me-tobed, but
don't ;bend ? me.""- ' /'•;
HIS MISTAKE
J. J. Holden
HE was an alert," vigorous, athletic
youth, not tall in stature, but com
pactly built and able to give a good
account of himself at almost any time.
Incidentally, lie has excellent social po
sition/' living in a pleasant part of
town among those of his own kind.
He was just turning the corner into his
home street the other evening when he
caught sight of three men standing on
the walk a little farther down. A thought
of a hold-up came to him Immediately,
but his pride and his proved ability to
take care, of himself prevented his turn
ing back. He kept on— and his fears were
heightened by seeing one of the three
men step to the inside of the walk, while
his two companions remained on the out
side.' ' \u25a0 - : \u25a0 '. \u25a0 .~:-/:J. :^ \u25a0. \u25a0'. ..
It seemed to be a time for quick action,
and the young man acted. He reasoned
to himself that If he could get rid of the
man inside he would at least have the
other two in front of him. So, as he ap
proached rapidly and came within strik
ine distance of the,inslde one of the three,
he gave a quick lunge with his fist. The
man saw it coming in time to dodge, but
involved his legs with the low rail about
the grass . plat , . and - sat ' do wn. . -
The young man faced about quickly
toward the others, when he was halted in
his prospective career of destruction by
hearing the taller one say:
"Ain't you a pretty fresh guy to be try-
Ing to hold up three men bigger than you
with nothin', but your fists?. Seems to me
you'd better go home and get a gun. We
might hurt you." . . •
"I thought I was going to be held up,"
said the young man. moved to quick com
prehension by the evident sincerity of the
Big man's tone.
'.'Can't a couple of friends see a man
home without being taken for robbers?"
complained the big man again.
The man on the % inside was brushing
himself oft,' and there seemed to be noth
ing for his assailant to do but help him.
He gave him a hand over, the 1 rail, ex
plaining as fast as he could how It hap
pened. There was nothing to do but apol
ogize, so; he apologized profusely. A con
versation ensued, .and in a few minutes
the big man suggested they go up to his
room and play ; a little quiet game, the
stranger * taking ; the fourth hand. They
did. , HBP
And now the , young man lg wondering
how. much money he, would have had. lf
his first suspicions had been^correct : and
they had held him 'up in the* street ';
According to the Tageblatt, army offi
cers « are '; not : . seen \u25a0in \u25a0 the restaurants , and
theaters ' of "Berlin .nearly ; as -often- as
they, used to beaten years ago/the main
reason being 'that their hours of duty
are treble what 'they were In IS9O.
\u0084 ' •\u25a0 HIS v HARDKST WORK;
,\Chauricey^-The ;*doctaw has
ordered -S a i complete .-, rest.V nHe
has '.positively forbidden me \u25a0 to
even ;. '* 7 V
•\u25a0'-: Chapple—^Ahd did he have
-the- gall- to [charge you for that
' advice?. -~
THE SMART SET
Sally Sharp
There willbe a merry time to-night at
the new Golf and Country Club, which is
to be initiated into socir.l life by a dance,
with Colonel Thomas Wain-Morgan Drap
er as ho3t. The event is In honor of bis
daughter. Miss Elsa Draper, and will In
clude half a hundred young guests, who
are keenly awaiting. the hour. A private
car will convey ' the participants to and
fro, and the party bids fair, to prove one
of the season's gayest.
Clubs will flourish in festivity to-day,
two big events being scheduled within the
precincts of Forum, and California. - At
the former high ' Christmas jinks will be
held this afternoon 1 and a merry time is
expected. No one is bidden outside the
membership, which" is to be the "guest of
the president, Mrs. Fredericks. Out on
Clay street the annual club breakfast
will be held by the California Club at 12
o'clock, the ensuing hours to be filled
with wit and comment regarding the
club, the season and all that pertains to
the hopes of the organization.
Christmas day saw ; much . hospitality.
Miss Beatrice Fife, who. has been away
for several months, received the welcome
of many friends. Between 4 and 6 o'clock
the Fife home was literally besieged with
callers, among whom were Miss Ethel
Shorb, Miss Florence Cole, Miss Bessie
Bates, Miss Maud Woods, Miss Dottle
Woods, Miss Frances Stewart, Miss Dor
othy Dustan, Miss Gertrude Russell, Miss
Elsa Draper, Miss Susan Ertz, Lieutenant
Willis Peace, Lieutenant Anderson and
Arthur Fennimore.
An informal Christmas dance, which
was a most enjoyable affair, was given
by Miss Susan Ertz and Miss Blossom,
the hostesses bidding about a score of
young folks. With - decoration of
holly, greens and mistletoe the house
was filled with the "air of festivity and
WHY THE BIG WEDDING ?
Dorothy Fenimore
WHAT American- parents, j sending 1
out invitations to their daugh
i ter*s wedding, would have either
the courage "or sincerity to express
their Inmost thoughts as naively as
those parents ot Welsh brides who, bid
ding their friends to- attend the marriage,
also bid them not to come empty-handed?
When our daughters are about to be
married, and the presents begin to arrive,
we are wont to profess that such a con
tingency wa3 as far from our thoughts as
the cold side of the farthest star Is from
our material vision.
We suffer a shock when the caterer In
sists that a room must be set aside»where
the guests may view the evidences of
both families' popularity, and the finan
cial surplus of their friends.
On the occasion of the wedding we take
pains to remove all the cards from the
gifts in. order that we may receive due
credit for great delicacy of feeling.
But, are the facts in the case very dif
ferent from those in Waleg, whore candor
IS not considered beneath social dignity,
where the host and hostess have the
nerve to add to their invitation: "What
ever donation you may be pleased to be
stow will be thankfully received, and
cheerfully repaid whenever called for on
a similar 'occasion. The parents of the
bride and bridegroom-elect desire that
gifts due to them will be returned to them
on the, above date, and will be thankful
for all favors granted."
The situation is really Identical on both
i sides of the big blue pond. Ordinarily the
expectations are the sanl«*. If a father
and mother have been giving wedding
presents generously for twenty-five years.
straining their income In order to do the
thing up handsomely, they naturally an
; ticipate that some of the bread which
they have cast so freely on the waters
MAN AND HIS VALET.
"I never saw a man so entirely de
pendent on his valet."
"Quite helpless without him, er?"
"Quite helpless. Mabel told me that
when he came to propose he brought
his valet with him."
"What was that for?"
"Why, when he reached the proper
place his valet spread a hemstitched
handkerchief on the floor for him to kneel
upon."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
GETTING BACK.
"Don't be afraid of me.\ miss," said
the masher: "I wouldn't kill a flea."
. "No, I don't think you would," said
the bright girl; "it takes a clever man
to kill a flea." — Tonkers Statesman.
NOW BE HAPPY.
When you read what follows you'll feel
like throwing your old shoes at dull care
and shouting alleluia on the hilltop.
"The tnan with no arms and no legs,
who is wheeled around town in a roller
chair, la the happiest little fellow in the
world. And \u25a0 recently,, when the doctors
told him that he would soon lose- his sight,
he smiled and said cheerfully: "Well, I
have no legs with which to walk into
trouble: no arms to embrace It. and soon
I'll' have no eyes to be saddened • by the
sight of it.' He joined the church some
time since to get a good place to holler
alleluia."— Atlanta Constitution.
Time to ship East for New Year*.
Townsend's California Glace Fruits, 787
Market, street. . •
Townsend's California glace fruits
and choicest caudles in artistlo fire
etched boxes. New, store, 767 Market. ••
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and' public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
HAD'NO RECORD.
. "Recommendations are all
rightT Ever killed anybody?";.
-?No," indeed,*, sir." ,
"Won't \do. I* advertised for
an experience!! chauff etir."
among the gay group were Miss Dor
othy Du3tan. Miss Elsa Draper. Miss
Beatrice Fife, Miss Frances Stewart,
Miss Gertrude Russell. Lieutenant Rol
lo Anderson. Lieutenant Willla O.
Peace. Arthur Fennimore and Ralpn
Renaud.
Among those entertaining at dinner
on Christmas were Mr. and Mrs. Ritchie
Dunn.
The wedding of Miss Hortense Chllds
and Captain Frederick P. Reynolds. U.
a A., will be a society event of Feb
ruary, the ceremony to take place at
the home of the brlde'3 mother. Mr*.
Emmeline Childs, In Los Angeles.
Mra Charles Josselyn has issued In
vitations for a bridge partx to tak«
place next Tuesday at her home on
Clay street.
• • •
Mrs. Edward Saunders will entertain
to-day at her home on Green street
in honor of Mrs. Gordon Raymond.
Robert Altken sends word from
Paris of prosperity and happiness, ana
is busily engaged with hi 3 work.
William B. Bourn Jr. Is leaving to
day for New York, where he will meet
Mrs. Bourn and Miss Maud Bourn and
sail for -Europe.
— "• • • •
Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Hughson have
returned from a delightful visit East,
where they have been the guests of
Mr. Hughson's parents in Buffalo.. N. Y.
Mr. and Mrs. Hughson are at their
home. 3844 Clay street.
Mrs. Ernest Aa Leigh has Issued
cards for an at home from 3 to 8 on
Saturday. December 30. at 1133 Hayes
street.
will return to them at this appropriate
season.
The form of the Welsh "bidding" ex
presses their position neatly; 'tia/ human
nature whittled to the point. Whatever
is so genuine as its statement la cannot
Justly be reckoned vulgar.
The humor of the invitation Is less in
its simplicity than in its deOnltene33,
which does not leave a single loophole for
escape.
There Is much Injustice done, however.
in our estimation of the motives of our
neighbor who gives the wedding. If tha
ceremony is at church, and followed by
a big reception at the house, there 13 al
ways some one who slyly hints, with a
lift of the eyebrow and a Jspowing smile,
that there's sure to be lots of presents.
Well?
If the bride' 3 father was simply after
furnishings for his daughter's home— the
implication which lurks in the shadow of
the tilted eyebrow nnd the crooked smile
he would save money by giving' up tha
party, and fitting: up the flat.
Big weddings with many witnesses and
appropriate rejoicings are institutions
founded on a social fact— the enormous
value of the father's and mother's gift
to their prospective son-in-law. They, are
surrendering to hinv formally, btrtrsrith
all possible grace, their darling: daughter's
happiness and pride. Surely there can
not be too many witnesses for such a
solemn . giving. This, and not the gift
bringing, is the sertoxrs, the primary rea
son why big weddings have become a
custom of the day.
But the giving of weddlntr presents is a
time-honored usage. It is the bride's
privilege to enjoy this peculiar pleasure
of rich possession, which, as the years
go on, and rase after vase has been
broken by the hired srlrl, and' the fine
plates and saucers get nicked, and tho
cups lose their handles, grows In value,
with lessening substance, f of sweet as
sociation's sake.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
SEED HOUSE— A Reader, City. As
this department does not advertise
private concerns it cannot give the in
formation asked lor about a seed
bouse.
MARK TWAIN— F. L. S., City. This cor
respondent wants to know if any reader
of this department can furnish the In
scription that was written by Mark Twain
to be placed over the grave of bis de
ceased wife.
WRITER-H. C. 8.. Colusa. CaL A
person who writes for a newspaper or a
magazine may adopt any name. The pub
lisher as a rule wants the name ' of the
writer but never makes the name known
without Dermlssion.
WEDDING PRESENTS— D. 8., Banta
Rosa, Cal. If a friend of yours la about
to be married and you have not had an
Introduction to the lady he is about to
marry that should not prevent yon from
sending a wedding present, if you are so
Inclined.
AUTHOR WANTED— JT. G. 8.. Lodt.
Cal. This correspondent wants to
know who wrote the following, also the
name of the composition. Can any
reader of. this department advise him?
Lose this day loitering, 'twill ba th« ium story
To- morrow; and the next more dilatory.
Each Indecision brings Its own delays.
And days are lost lamentlzur o'er lost day*.
Are you in earnest? Seize this very mlnutot
What you can do, or think 70a can. berta it.
BoldntM h»» genius, cower and mixic in it.
Only engage, and then the mind row< h»:«d.
Begin it. and tha work will be computed.
SHOOTlNG— Subscriber, Alanaeda.
Cal. Whether a hunter has the right
to shoot on the banks of a navigable
stream flowing. tide water depends up
on conditions. It has 'been held that
where there are riparian rights, a
hunter would not have tha right to
shoot on such banks. How. far a hunt
er may go to retrieve birds, either In
person or by dog; also ' depends upon
conditions. A general answer cannot
be given to tha questions.
THE EXEMPTS— Monumental. Fres- _
no. Cal. James O'Donnell, the old time
secretary of the Exempt Fire Company,
has finally : furnished this department
the following; Information relative to
the company: Of the 1290 members of
the volunteer fire department who be
came members •of the • Exempt Fire
Company, there were on December 15.
1905, 177 survivors, that is as near as
can be 'ascertained. Of this number but
thirty- six are still members of the old
company that meets in "the house on
the hilL" They are: W. L. Ryckman of
Engine Company 1; Godfrey \Fiaher.
Pincus Harris, of 3; P..H. Fleming of
4; James Kentzell, ilsaac Harrington,'
James Grady and H<Jnry WheeJer of 5;
Joseph Flgel of 6: John 8. Eells and R.
T. Brown of 7; James - O'Donnetl and
John Dryer of 8; Henry* D. Hudson.
John J. Gullfoyle, Andrew J. Jessup, C
B. McFarland and Beaufot H. Sheun
hoff of 9; Samuel Newman. Michael
Ryan and Edward Ptaffelbach of 10;
IJ. M. ; McMenorny, J. J. Mundwyler.
'John : Mengel and Augustus .Browning i
»f 11;, Henry Hock. C. Kobicke. Ed
.ward Commins, Estoqulo Valencia,
George W. Osborne and James' Madden
of 13; Richard Caverly of 14;, Charles
Reed and Solomon S. Conn of Hook and
Ladder 1: David A. Finn ot Hose 1. and
John Dryer of Hose 4.BUY MORE LAND
FOR PLAYGROUND
Supervisors Accept Offers
of Additional Lots for the
Southside Breathing Spot
SITE FOR RESERVOIR
Board Sets Aside Money for
-the Purchase of Lots Lo
. cared on Twin Peaks
The Board of Supervisors, acting on
the recommendation of the Joint Com
mittee on Finance and Public Utilities,
Vester&ay accepted the offers of : the
SchfuJedeil estate to sell to the city
for $137,500 a lot of land on Bryant
street, near Seventh, and that of the
Morton Dray&ffe and Warehouse Com
pany to sell for $70,000 a lot in the
same block forming: part of the pro
posed south side children's playground
'under the bond issue. The acceptance
of the latter offer is conditioned on
the official appraisement of the lof be
ing: fixed at the figure noted.
The purchase of the two lots is in
addition to two others already con
veyed to the city on Seventh street, be
iwfoa Harrison and Bryant, and will
constitute the major portion of the
block to be secured for the playground.
The .board also set aside the sum of
5«5,500 for the purchase of land con
demned on Twin Peaks for the instal
lation of a reservoir for additional fire
$*:GtecUon. The amount includes the
turn -of $1000 for the purchase of the
Tungalow in which Civic Architect
SSUrnfcam prepared his elaborate plans
for the beautification of San Fran
cisco. • The following minor business
*sus transacted:
• The request of the Doard erf Works that
71^X) be- allowed for engineering expenses In
connection with the repavir.g with asphalt of
. I?. A* street, from Market to Larktn. under
. -liie bond issue wj t referred to th« Finance
Commute*.
. Fred Jones »a« granted an extension of
•;xtj- day* within which to complete his con
tract tor the bullOlng of the Crocker Graa
. fear School building.
The sua of $«73 U5 was ordered paid out of
the urrent necessity fund to Professors Ward
tn<j Jaffa and others engaged In the auxlliary
laspection of the milk cuppiy under a pre
vious reoolution of the board.
The ord'n&ace regulating; the maintenance of
• i«ii* oa the roors, walls and cornices of build-
JfcCa so that they «hall be three feet from
. lire fire wall, not more than tea feet In height
, asd if more than thirty feet in length to be
provided with doors, was passed to print.
The ordinance ordering the construction of
sewer in China avenue, together with lateral
branches, was passed to print.
> An ordinance was passed to print appro
priating and authorizing the use of all lands
belonging to the city la Western Addition biock
No. 73. bounded by Van Neps avenue. Hayes,
rYar.kiln and Fell streets, tor public library
«n« reading-rocm purposes. All the lands ;n
the block have b*en acquired, with the excep
tion of one lot. and condemnation proceedings
btre under way for Its acquisition.
The board ordered Linden avenue, from Van
avenue to Franklin street, to be effaced
irom the official ma;-.
An ordinance was.p&ssed to print providing
Jot the preservation of all books, records and
tsdlces of the city.
The cfler of M. A. Geron to cell for $3550
« lot forming part of the park and Presidio
• was accepted.
.The following bills were passed to print:
.Authorizing the Board of Works to begin pro
ceedings for the bitumlnizing of the easterly
Jiaif of Baker street, between Oak and Fell,
*\u25a0 the estr&nle to the park panhandle. M.
TToplltz. the owner of the block fronting on
- the street, will be assessed for the improve
.cjer.t, the city having peld for the paving of
the westerly half of the street.
"tiradting permission to the Pacific Cereal
/.Hociation to maintain a spur track on North
.' Poict *trett. between Ma*on and Taylor. and
" to the Pelton Water Wheel Company for one
\u25a0 at. Nineteenth and Harrison streets.
Ordering the re-Trading of Twenty-fourth
•a.venue.» between Fulton street and Point Lo
i > avenue-.
SUPERVISORS WOULD EVTE\D
UOAD I.VI'O SUNSET DISTRICT
Patrick McGusbln Sajs Geary-Street
lisc Shall and Mn»t Go Through
Golden Gate Park.
The Sunset District Utilities Club
held a meeting in Park View Hall,
Ninth avenue and H street, last even-
Ing. Many prominent citizens of th<?
district were presen-t and several
strong speeches were made in favor of
puMic ownership of railroads. Among
those who spoke were Supervisor-elect
Patrick McGushin. J. Frankel, Charles
JL Pope, D. E. Marcus. J. Riffle, C.
Ccc<z and J. Rutherford.
During the course of his Bpeech Su
pervisor McOufhin stated that he had
aeked to be placed on the utilities com
'mlttee of the Sunervisors in order that
Ke might help the Sunset District se
cure a driveway through the park,
which he asserts could be done by
means of bridges which would orna
ment the park as well as being of the
greatest service to the district Upon
this, driveway he would have the
"<2eary-Ktreet U^e extended Into the dis
trict. He finished his address by say
ing: "The Geary-street line shall and
murt bo extended through Golden Gate
Park." KNHfi
Will I : fl»l Convention.
The convention of the /Commercial
and Shorthand Teachers of California
.will begin to-morrow morning at 10:30
at the Metropolitan Business College,
•525 Golden Gate avenue. It will con
tjnue for three days, ending Friday
sight. There will be three sessions
daily.
* NEW TORK, Dec. 26.— While flrMrg In a
runabout 'ccrcss the tracks cf the Long Islcnl
Pailroad at Brooklj-n lIII 3* yesterday James
Kelly ami Harry Galway were stniclc by a
train an<l inrtar.tly killed.
Uss' z-uc cLO FAMILY ODcTn!>^i
"All Is Not Gold
That Glitters"
neither is wiich hazel the same
thing as Pond's Extract even
though your dealer tells you so
and it looks and smells the
same. It only takes one trial
to discover the difference.
Witch Hazel is not the same thing.
On analysis of seventy samples of
Wiub Hazel— of ered as " the same
thing"— ffty-tnvo were shown to
contain wood alcohol or formaldeh/de
er both. Avoid danger of poisoning
by using
ruNDs extrAL
iRk 1 |BI 4% Ammunition, Hunting and
ij \u25a0« WIA R fpcrtlng- Goods, Larr^t
JrR Jj Ul3 ttock. Lowest prices. Send
- fill Inwß B ''> T otslcrue.
\3 %# \u25a0 \u25a0 \dF EHREVE & BARBER CO.,
7ft Market st. ana £21
Kearn/ st.
MISS SANBORN
IS A BRIDE OF
THE YULETIDE
POPULAR YOUNG CCS^=*2 OF
THIS CITY WHO WERE MAR
RIED LAST EVENING.
Becomes Wife of Dr.
Newton at Church
Ceremony.
A notable wedding took place last even
ing, when . Miss Frances May Sanborn
and Dr. John Crockett Xewton were mar
ried in Grace Methodist Episcopal Church,
at Twenty-first and Capp streets.
The bride, who is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Albion I. Sanborn, has been
prominently identified with the public
schools of this city. She is a graduate of
the Lowell High School and of the Uni
versity of California. At the latter insti
tution the young lady -acquitted herself
with much honor, taking the degree of
A. B.
Dr. Xewton, a graduate of the medical
department of the same university, is
widely known In this city in hla profes
sion and was formerly house surgeon of
the French Hospital, where he made
many warm friends during his incum
bency. Dr. Newton is also well estab
lished in club life of San Francisco, hav
ing fraternized with several organiza
tions.
The attendants at the wedding were
Mips Lortne Teclrau, maid of honor, and
Miss Nellie Newton. Miss Myrtle Hay
ford, Miss Etta Berth and Miss Nellie
Fancher, bridesmaids. John S. Sinclair
served the groom, while Dr. Edward Top
ham, Dr. George J. Sweeney, Dr. Henry
Horn and Clarkson Dye filled the offices
of ushers.
Gowned in a Duchesse lace robe over
taffeta and chiffon, the bride presented an
attractive picture, her long veil flowing
gracefully from a coronet of orange blos
soms. A bouquet of Bride roses com
pleted the bridal array, while the maid of
honor, also In white, looked well In her
gown of white Valenciennes lace and taf
feta, with bouquet of Jacqueminot roses.
A pretty color contrast was noted in the
gowns cf the bridesmaids, who wore nlle
green crepe de chine, carrying bouquets
of asparagus fern. -
The service, read by Rev. F. M. Larkin,
D. D., was followed by a reception at the
home of the bride'B parents, 3144 Twenty
second street.
After a wedding trip Dr. and Mrs. New
ton will reside In this city.
DIES SUDDENLY FROM -
BMH HEJIORKIIAGE OF BRAIX
George Caaej-, Chief Janitor of City
Hall UiillditiK, Ist Stricken While
on .Market Street.
George Casey, Chief Janitor of the
City Hall, died suddenly of hemorrhage
of the brain shortly after 7 o'clock last
evening. Casey was walking along
Market street at 6:45 p. m. and was
Just approaching Eighth street when
he suddenly fell to the bidewalk.
Friends rushed to his assistance and
carried him to the Central Emergency
Hospital, where. he expired soon after
he reached there. , ' ;*
For ten years he had held the position
he occupied at the time of his death.
He was for several years a lieutenant
in the Fire Department on engine 15.
He was a corporal In the heavy ar
tillery during the Spanish war. He
came to this city in 1868 and had al
ways taken an active part in politics.
He leaves a widow, and a brother,
William Casey. He lived at 1619 Pine
street.
3lr». 3lor{ran!a. Examination Contlnned.
The medical examination of Mrs.
Nomle Morgan, who is confined in a cell
in the Detention Hospital awaiting the
final decision -ot the experts touching
her sanity, was continued yesterday un
til this forenoon. She . is the woman
who .was held on the criminal. charge
of setting fire to the lodging-house at
402 Geary street. Since her incarcera
tion in the County Jail Ahe. has mani
fested symptoms of mental derange
ment iS3^2>Q 9' .' ' .
Carried a Hold-Over . Fracture.
John Hertel. who lives at 9 Howard
court, while celebrating Christmas eve,
had an extra cargo of intoxicating.flu
ids aboard. Weighted with hla "load,"
he fell from a chair and fractured his
right hip bone. .Yesterday*, -when ,th»a
effects of his Christmas cheer had died
away, he' realized the nature. of his In-
Jury and applied to, Dr. Frank J. t Till
man at the Central Emergency Plospital
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY; DECEMBER 27, 1905.
UNION LEAGUE
CLUB AFFAIRS
Regular Ticket May Meet
With Opposition at the
. Coining Annual Election;
ORDER OF SUCCESSION
H. G. W. Dinkelspiel Crowded
Out of the Line to Make
Place for M. H. de Young
The annual election of officers for the
Union League Club will take ; place one
week from next Tuesday. The name of
George H. Pippy for president heads the
regular ticket. S. J. Hendy still retains
his place on the ticket as first vice presi
dent It is common gossip that ho ex
pressed a desire this year, last year and
the year before, last that Colonel: Pippy
should serve as president one more term.'
That Colonel Hendy lean have the regular
nomination for the presidency any time
he desires It therd is no question of doubt.
This delightful situation . applying to the
first vice presidency hardly extends to the
second vice. The office of second vice
president is now filled by H. G. W. Din
kelspiel. He was for years reckoned as
next in order of succession to Colonel
Hendy, but it seems that the reckoning
was not correct, as the nominating com
mittee that recently created the regular
ticket displaced Dinkelspiel from the line
and put in his place M. H. de!: Young.
Now it is gossip In the league that after
Pippy Hendy will come, and after
Hendy's reign D© Young will shine as
president of the league. The' outlook > is
not enchanting to Dinkelspiel. It is not
a sure thing that he will submit -without
a struggle to the execution ,of . the pro
gramme. His friends maintain that he
possesses what may be termed vested
rights.
The points at issue, of course, can be
settled by- the membership of the club at
the annual election.' It is said by the fol
lowers of Hendy, Pippy, and De Young
that Dinkelßplel can appeal to the whole
body by simply placing aji \u25a0\u25a0. opposition
ticket In the field. The regular ticket has
the prestige of regularity and usually com
mands the support of the members who
are satisfied with the club management,
but occasionally the opposition, when ac
tive and well organized, achieves a
triumph. . : •
* Mr. Dinkelspiel and his supporters are
now looking over the field and collecting
information that may be useful in the
event of a contest The club ia now
in a prosperous condition and its future
prosperity would not suffer in the least
by the introduction of an opposition
ticket. An exciting contest, such as -one
between Dinkelspiel and De Young would
surely be. could not fail to develop an
unusually large vote. As no ballot can
be cast by a delinquent there would be a
general settling up of old accounts In
order to bring out the full voting strength
of each side. /
TWO LABOR UXIOXS ELECT " <
OFFICERS FOR ENSUING TERM
Musician* Have Vacancy In Their
Hoard of Directors), There Being-
No Decision. ' . • . .
Two labor unions have elected of
ficers, as follow:
Steam Laundry , Workers* Union No.
126 — President, D. J.- Gorman; vice
president, Annie Mullin; secretary, Car
rie Farmer; treasurer, Robert E. Ew-
Ing; sergeant at arms, John Morris;
finance committee— Harry Godsil; ex
ecutive committee— Fred Graham, Em
ma O'Keefe, Bertha Kennedy, Walter
Ferguson; Charles Derry, James Far
ren, Harry Hartfnan, James Magnuson
and Albert Frltchy; examining ' com
mittee — C. B. Scully and B. Peter; trus
tees — Al J. Brown and Clarence Hogan;
business agent, Harry Clunie; delegates
to the Labor Council — Mrs. L. C. Wad
ren, Emma O'Keefe, D. J. Gorman, An
nie Mullin, Henry Clunie, Fred Gra
hame. Carl Fritchy, Annie. Hartman.
Carrie Parmer and W. Ferguson; dele
gates to the State Federation of La
bor — D. J. Gorman, Robert E. Ewlng
and Annie Mullin.
Musicians' Union No. 6 — President,
J. ICunzclman; vice president, J. F.
Fitzgerald; recording secretary, J.
A. Keogh; financial secretary, H.
Menke;* treasurers-Theodore Elsfeldt;
sergeant at arms, Charles' T. Schuppert;
board of directors— J. J. Atkins, A. L.
Bangle. G. L. Blake, C. Brand, W. Cel
larius, M. Davis, T. Ernst, J. Green, P.
Johannsen J. J. Matheson, A. Paulsen.
W. H. Noltlng and A. Spadlna; dele
gates to Labor Council— J.' Dennis,- W.
C. Kittler. E. A. Lassale, H. Menke,
Charles T. Schuppert, G." Sela v and A.
Tlmmlns; delegates, to Central Labor
Council of Alameda — J. J. Matheson
and J. D. Scott. There was no deci
sion between G. Kenny and M.F . Wal
ton for board of directors.
One Colored Mnn Stubs Another.
In a dispute over 10 cents in front of
the Carlton Club, on Berry street, yes
terday, William Porter, colored, inflict
ed two knife wounds on. Herman Tur
ner, also colored. Turner hastened to
Ihe Central Emergency Hospital, wher^
Dr. Frank J. Tlllman dressed tho
wounds, one of which was on! Tumor's!
neck and the other, on the side of the
head. The knlfo wlelder made good hid
escape from the scene before the ar
rival'of the police.
Arrested for Pool , Selling:*
Ira C. Hayes,' who conducts a - cigar
stand at 121 a Fillmore street, Edward
Silva and, Richard Cameron were ar
rested forl pool selllngyesterday after
noon by Police Officers T. F. O'Connell
and L. J. Cornelius." -whd' disguised
themselves a« green rurals from Siski
you. The trio was booked for violating
the ordinance prohibiting pool- selling
outside the racetrack boundary.' They
were released on ball.
stopsttchlnj of the scalp Instantly.
<^QING« 3! GONE !!J
EEsncici wm mk if. KancMf wiU un n. -,-._; nouTEFmiiiricia^
Mrilf fill AIA • lIPRni Ami** •«• of beanorul balr.v But. en ths^ othtr hmnd.
»r¥9nKll'\ tlpßPllsinF lh. finest contour of fimtlef.ct lows much or its
IILIIUIIU U nLiiriUillL «ttr»ctivens»s lfththalrU scanty «r looks dls-
fta Mriad hMi, M.I -wi. ih. tUn* tt»m* *«»«d." Tht dandruff microbe causes dull/ brlttlr
mvtOMMMCrntt-kßtnMßu<nrf!BMß. or lustreless hair wllhlst*r dandruff. ltehlnt»C«tp*
QUJTE HOMELY^OUITE AHRACTiVE !n2^l^s^i^^
The woman with homly Issturci will not lack at- 1 \u25a0as nature Intended/: A delightful ; hair: dressing. '
trecttveoess If her head Is crownsd wllli an abund- ' Olves wonderful results.? No oil or dyt. ;: '. ; ;;"
\u25a0A Cru Item, Sim Seal 10c ttosn, ft BERPICIOE CO, ML H. Osirelt Hkk. far a tmte.
•:.).\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0 \u25a0 -'- .-"\^.; -.^-^:- : :*,;5-:-,v'.\. \u25a0-;:\u25a0 : .. :\u25a0:.;\u25a0„.\u25a0; : ,•'; \u25a0 \u25a0;\u25a0 . -\u25a0:;.---•• a
At Leadlnic Urnar Store* or Sent Prepaid from Detroit. Mlcb« noon receipt I
, of Sl.OO. Applications at prominent Barber Shops. I
atfwHXS^ 4B^ vtas^^ 4lhhf 48h13p «tt9s tOQDBp^ vss
An astounding story, showing how
private corifidenees^that %&ffim\''
women write in letters ;are violated, raS^r/f
and sold fona half-a-cent T apiece. A re-
markable article,' frankly v written,* in |^»
Last Month'^'lssuc.of A Million and Three Hundred
Thousand Copies was Completely Sold Out J|^SplSl|§3Sf^ ;^m
15 Gents'on Every News-Stand
THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY."PHILADELPHIA
PERSONALS.
Dr. Schallenberger of Ban Jose is at the
Grand.
R. Barcroft, a merchant of Merced, is
at the Lick. '• -.- /
» Frank A. Crcssey, a banker of Modesto,
is at the. Lick. . •\u25a0\u25a0
Lee L. Gray, a raisin packer of Fresno,
Is at the Palace.
• "W. E. Short, purser of the Ventura,
is at the Palace.
' W. K. Drown, a \ wheat grower of Hol
llster, Is at the Lick.
Ex-State Senator Thomas Flint of San
Juan is at the Palace.
Railroad Commissioner A. C. Irwin of
Maryavllle is at the Lick. )
Miss Hilda Spong of the W. H. Crane
Company Is at the St. Francis.
A. del Toro, a prominent mining man
from Mexico, accompanied by his wife, is
at the Palace.
J. i\ Moore and family arrived at the
St. Francis yesterday from Los Angeles.
H. R. Gage and wife arrived at the
St. Francis " yesterday from Ocean
Park.
Lieutenant Governor Alden Anderson
and wife of Sacramento are In the city
f or, the. holidays. \u25a0 : s. .- % ".
Edward Berwick of- Pacific Grove; |who
Is taking an active Interest in the Improv
ing of postal facilities, is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. Leopold Weil, who have
ended a lons trip through Europe, have
taken apartments at the St. Francis for
the winter."
John D. Spreckels and his son, John D.
Spreckels Jr., - left last night for San
Diego on .business. They will be gone for
about a week. .
Among the Eastern tourists who aro
registered at the St. Francis are Miss
Etta Mitchell of Boston, H. H.Seavey
of Boston, A. W. Longley and wife of
Chicago. ,
H. Hobart Porter, prominently con
nected-with commercial circles in New
York, accompanied by his wife, is at the
St. Francis. They were making an ex
tended tour of the West.
William GridleyToland, son of the late
Dr. Charles G.' Toland, has arrived from
the East and will spend the winter in his
native State.. He has been at school for
the last three years at the Hudson River
Military Academy at Nyack, N. Y.
Callfornlan* In New York.
NEW IORK, Dec. 26.— The follow
ing Calif ornlans have arrived in New
York: _. '\u25a0 - ; '. : \u25a0 \u25a0•'- [-[\u25a0>. ~-:iji.
From San Francisco— F. MV Ames,
at Mie Imperial; C. M. Brune, at' the
Cadillac; G. A. Conkle, at the Church
ill; C. de Gill and C. J. de Gill, at the
Albemarle; C. E. Ertz. at the Holland;
C. Fullerton, at the- Wolcott: L.h<V.
Halem, at the Park avenue: F. J.Hen
ley, at the Holland; J. F. Kramer, at
the MarlborougV. R. -G. La Monta. at
the Belvedere; E. A.. Morris, at itho
Rosmore; F. A. Potter, and wife, at the
Broadway Central; F.Schultze. at tho
Belvedere; H. A. Seller, at the Savoy;
I. A, Thorne^;at the v Navarre : ; J. C.
Warrott, at the' Albemarle; J. M.Brey
er,": at the Herald Square; . Mrs. L. M.
Hertz, at the Martha Washington.
MlHtnke* Cnrbollc Acid •: for AVltchhnzcl.
Gusßelsel, who lives at 935%. How
ard street, mistook * a bottle containing
carbolic, aoid for witehhazel yesterday
when. about to lave? hls r face. He lost
no time &in hurrying, to the Central
Emergency Hospital, whore Dr. C. O.
Glover - relieved . him;
The American Cigar, 2 for 35c, beats
the world. Matthias & Co.. distributors.*
Broken Bottle . Sever* \u25a0 Wrlut Artery.
.While washing bottles in arwlne cel
larnt Third and Mission streets yester
day, George i Bubich's lef tVwristt was so
Bfcverely cut by a broken bottle that he
came near; bleeding to death before "he
reached - the \ Central 1 \ Emergency \ Hos
pital,, where Dr. >W.' E. Stevens stopped
the flow- of blood.
Vn t ent <* for Calif ornlnns.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2C— The follow
ing-patents were issued to-day to Cal
if orniana: ;;\u25a0,'";':.\u25a0 '^"4
Martin O. Dolson. Los Angeles, valve
governor for trolley pole controllers;
Edward Double, c Los Angeles, . ratchet
swivel rope rocket; -Benjamin Q.:> P.
Fobs. San Jose, -hydro-carbon 'burner;
Edwln:R. Graham, •Coallnga, pipe per
forator; Herbert Haas. San Francisco,
roasting ore; George T. Hadley, San
Francinco, show window; John Hoey,
San Francisco, bed bottom; John.Hun
ter, Los Angeles, clarrip for .carrying
plate glass; Joseph S. Johnson, -San
Francisco, door latch attachment;
William L. Jones, San Francisco, steam
generator; Elmore C, Jordan, Los An
geles, : guide for window shade; Ernest
E. Kretzchmar, Alameda, self balancing
centrifugal pump; Godfried Laube, San
ta Monica, insect trap; Joel Lund, San
Francisco, wood boring, implement;
King T. Lyon. San Francisco, fruit cut
ter, and pltter; Frank B. McDonald, El
Dorado, penholder: James F. Osborn
and W.-T.-Coa«1. Pasadena, trolley pole;
Joseph "A. .Stanspory, Los Angeles,
knife sharpening machine. .
NEW. YORK, Dec. 26. — A new hiKh record
price Zdr a seat on the Stock ' Exchange was'
reached to-day, when $85,000 was paid. This?,
with the 12000 initiation fee, brings it up to
$97,000.
Golden State Limited— The Warm Win
: ter Way. . .
The route Ban Francisco to Chicago, via Los
Angelee. El Paso,: Kansas City and St. Louis,
la the most southerly. The equipment la the
latest and - the courtesy of the attendants and
the many modern conveniences make this train
the most favored, for transcontinental travel.
Illustrated booklets of agent Southern Pacific. *
CASTOR. A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
J# Amounts received from $1 op
X Interest compounded senri-amwaHy U
sM Call or write for JJooMet ra
m "Banking by Mail" fA
M Renters' Loon & Trust Co. m
ffi Savings Bank M
\u25a0 n 222 Montgomery St., San Francisco H
B Assets and Reserve ff
W ?1,700,000.00 S
\pNTERM DEPOiIM'
THE PALACE HO JEL for best eookiog.
THE PALACE HOTEL for quickest service.
THE PALACE HOTEL for finest mitac
THE PALACE ; HOTEL for modem comforts
THE PALACE HOTEL^ot moderate rates.
\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0:,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' ;-\u25a0: \u25a0<•\u25a0.. \u25a0•_\u25a0\u25a0 ;r,-"i,- ; ..• "\u25a0 ; \u25a0--..-
DDTTCIJI7C *^>R barbers, bak-
jDilU^llJuO ers, bootblacks, bath-
*- w *T** - vT.: houses, billiard Übles.
brewers, * bookbinders. .. candy , makers, canners,
dyers. \u25a0 flour - mills, '. foundries, .laundries, paper-
hangers,' printers. . painters, ' shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofera.- tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHAXAN BROS., ;
Brnab 3lnnnfncturerM, 00!) Sacramento St
AGADEMPFSCIESGES HALL
r Market i st. ,'; between • Fourth "j and I Fifth. . • '
;THE CALirORNII:PROMOTION^COMMITTEFS
: ;; LECTDES ; ON CALIPORNIi £i
. v Dally ] trom < S to * 4 p.- m. : (except \u25a0 Sunday).
Illustrated hy .Mn^nlfleent Stereontlcon
Views . and ' Mo vlnir \u25a0 Plctnreit.
Week CommenclnK DECEMBER 28TH
STANISLAUS !\u25a0 ..COUNT V
Pre»ente«l \u25a0 by , H.*; H.% Whltmore," from 2 to 2:30.
r Preeented : by ! John H. ; Hartog, . from 2 : 30 to 8. \u25a0
SAN .'jOAaUINj COUNTY
: Presented : by ;Cotvln B. : Brown. \u25a0 from 3 to 3:30."
V SANTA CLARA COUNTY^ C '
Presented', byJM.;* 1.-? Jordan, «/from 8:80 to 4k
ADMISSION FREE.
-' AMUSEMENTS.,
Encasement limited to this and next week.
"A Continuous Chuckle ran through the Bis
Audience.'' — Examiner.
"Ripples with Laughter.'.'— Call. -
"Excellent comedy." — chronicle.
"A Big Hit."— Pest.
" Charles Frohman presents
MUFfI. H.
In the ' farcical comedy.
THE AMERICAN
LORD
CPPPI iXI - Mr.,Cran« has -
OI *— ' V^»l T-%. M^> consents t» give.
An Extra Performance New Year's Eye
- SUNDAY.- December* 31; \u25a0'"\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0
Seat sale opens this . morning.
Matinees Saturdays ' kdA New Tear's day. -
Coming— LOUlS JAMES. • ' f '
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Ye Colonial . Septette: Mrrlnn'a Doest
Jules and KIJh Garrison! Edcnr Bix-
leyj Sinters and Brothers Fordt AVI-
' norm AVlnteri Cnmpbell and Jofansont
Kloe.i Sinters, and Orpheum Motion
Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. jSffßHKptta
Prices— loc, 25c and 50c.
\u25a0V! BUSH'STREET
CHAS. P. HALL.Prop.and Mgr. Phone Main 127
_ "TnEBEST YET."
MATINEES Every .Tuesday. Friday. Saturday
and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW "REAR'S DAT.
\u25a0The Renowned Extravaganza Company,
BROADWAY GAIETY GIRLS
In a Superb Extravaganxa Production of
GLITTERING SYLVIA
Beauty Chorus, Gorgeous Costurrvs asd Effects.
AN ALL-STAR CAST.
Popular Prices — Even's:*. 15c. 25c. 33c. 50c; 75c.
" All Reserved.- Matinees,. Csc: reserved.
New Year's Week— "THE JOLLY GIRLS."
. \u25a0 ' ' J '.\u25a0•'\u25a0\u25a0*
\u25a0H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
-~ EVERY EVENINO at 8:15.
Matinees Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
Second Big Week and Farewell Performance of
THE NEILLS
In" the BtuDendous and Unrivaled Suecsss,
IFIWEREKING
< Ths Triumph of . th« Season.
Only Time In Stock. Never Before at Popular
-\u0084 . ; Prices.-
To-NlKht — ComiTrsv's Xtxht. -
Next Mon. Mat.— When We Were Twenty-One.
With MLss Amelia Gardner.
Evenings — 25c. 60c.- 75<i. Sat. : Mat. — 25c. 50c.
Bargain Mats. Thurs. and Sun.; 25c every when
NcwGENTRAL
Tel. South 818.' Direction of H. W. BISHOP.
EVERY NIGHT, THIS" WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sundays '
The Thrilling : Dramatic eSnsation.
THE EYE WITNESS
By Lincoln J. Carter.
The Talk of San Francisco.
.A ..Veritable Stags Triumph.
SEE the Leaping Automobile. .
SEE the Deep Water Dive and Rescue.
The Acme of Stage Realism.
Next Play— "BY ? RIGHT ' OF . SWORD."
... Ralph Stuart'» Success.
POPULAR. PRlCES— Evenings. 15c. 25c.- 35c,
50c and 75c. Sat. and Sun. Mats., 15c and 23c.
Afternoons r at 3. Evenings at 0.
JJMfflfla'MjltVi::' ' \u25a0No . Intermissions.
Bothwell . Browne's Spectacular Musical Bur-
CLEOPATRA
V , UP.-TO-DATE.
EUNICE' GII.MAX and
200 CI.EVKR CHI LDttEX In the CAST.
;. .A' GORGEOUS EXTRAVAGANZA!
: FUN 1 and ; FROLIC - for YOUNG and OLD !
Open air attractlon^BAßNES* DIVINO ELKS.
No Increase^ in Prices." *
; , AMATEUR NIGHT -THURSDAY.
admibsion :. :\u25a0: /. :ioc" i : CHiLDitEN. . -: . ... .60
'Phone for Seats " Pacific 301. • >
. _ \u25a0 ' - AMUBBMEXTS. ' .;...,
matiimePto-day.
Every Evening and Saturday Matinee.
America's Great ast Tragedienne.
In Maeterlinck's Dramatic Masterpiece.
MONNA VANNA
WHAT THE PRESS SAY:
THE CHRONICLE:
"A Powerful, Dermatic and Poetic Play."
THE CALL : ..
"So OKef-Can "Afford to Miss the Play."
THE BULLETIN:
"A Good Play and Alwa» Beautiful."
EVENING POST/
"A Source of Infinite Delight."
Prlcss— 2s, 60. 73 cents and |1. Box. seats
$1.50. "'.
TCKXIGHT— KVERT NIGHT
GRAND CHRISTMAS EXT RAVAG A N2 A,
ORPHEUS i« HADES
.REAPPEARANCE OP TEDDY WEBB.
A TREAT FOR "CHILDREN OF ALL. AGES"
Regular Mat'.ne*' Saturday. ,
SPECIAL MATINEE NE\% r YEAR'S DAY.
PRICES— 23c. sOc. 75c.
'. KEXT . SUNDAY MATINEE,
Last Appearance of
ALICE NIELSEN
Donizetti's Cbarmlnc Opera.
DON PASQUALE
geats. $2.00, <1.80. It.OO and BOc— Now on Sal<».
ALCAZAR srass.
General Manager.
TO-XIGHT — MATS. SAT. ASTD SUN.
SENSATIONAL SUCCESS!
"Electriflad Oldest Playgoers" — Call
Gorgeous Production of Mark TwalnTs
The Prince and
the Pauper
; Beautiful Scenery, Costumes and Music and
OLLJE COOPER in tn« Dual Role.
Eves , 25c to 75c : Mats. Sat. Sun.. 25c to 50c.
NEXT WEEK— "With New Year's " Mat.,
Tb« Universal Laugh Provider.
A STRANGER ;IN A STRANGE LAND.
ALHAMBRA
Cor. Of Eddy and Jones Sts. Phono East IS7I.
BELASCO & MAYER. Proprietors.
THI3 EVENINO AND ALL WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
• The World Rtno-wned Champion,
808 FITZSIMMONS
In Hal Reid's Great Drama; ;
A FIGHT FOR LOVE
Special Engasement of the Olympic Club Fa-
vorite and Amateur Champion Heavyweight.
* , — — SAM BERGKR
Fltzaimmons and B«reer Appear In' Every Act.
Prices — Evenings. 10c to 50c. - Matinees. 10c.
15c. 25c.
\u25a0 ;-•: r Next — "Tho Heart of Maryland."
Ea'ci!
W into W Gl
1 IHGLESfOE RAGE TRACK
\u25a0 Six cr more races each week day, rain or
shln«. ' Races commeac* at 2p. m. sharp. Tak«
street cars from any ' part of the city. Tor
special trains stopping at the track tah« S. P.
train at '3d and To-wnsend sts. at 1:13 p. m.
Returning, train leaves track after Urn rao*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President -
PERCY TREAT. Secretary.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUStatEXTS.
Boiler _Skatlng!
Mechanics' Pavilion Rini.
ADMISSION.... JO CXNT3
910
SPORTS
PAGE
RACING IN FOG IS A NOVELTY
AT INGLESIDE TRACK.
. Prominence Beats
Tom MeGrath,
a Favorite:
\ Smithy Kane Loses
His Field in
the Mud
' Bob Ragan Plunged
: on, Comes Home
Galloping.
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
The racing at Ingleside yesterday
• was novel, inasmuch that but a fleet
' lai glimpse of the horses now and then
/was obtainable. The fields in the first
four events were completely enveloped
in fog. the start being announced by
,' 'a. bugler stationed at the post. A
• 'drizzling rain and a muddy track added
'• io the sombre aspect of the situation.
.Still the crowd speculated just the
. tame. Three favorites were returned
. first.
QI'EKX REC A WINNER.
Queen Rec finally graduated from the
• maiden class by taking the opening
".. two-year-old scramble. The black nliy.
..ridden by Emmet League, remained a
• consistent favorite In the betting and
"won going away from Avonella at the
.. nniFh. Graham landed Nettie Hicks in
the show.
On Saturday last Prominence finish
ed fifth m a race won by Tom MeGrath.
The latter colt was installed a 1 to 2
favorite for the Futurity course two
year-old event yesterday, and Prom
inence beat the Sehreiber entry in a
walk. Chief Wittman ran third. Five
to one could be had about the winner.
Smithy Kane lost his company in the
sloppy going soon after the start of
the third, a six furlong run. Rice rode
the Texas half breed, which splashed In
nearly three lengths before Estrazaand
• El Piloto. The other starters were a
. trashy consignment.
HOVAI-TY I.KADS THnOUGHOUT.
All agreed that the going was made to
order for Royalty. Teddy Robinson had
the eulker out in front from start to fin
ish of the mile and a quarter selling fix
ture. The closest horse to him at the fin
ish was Hi Caul Cap. which downed the
favorite. Bay, four lengths for the place.
The winners odds were hammered down
•from S to SVs-
Possart has ifeeen a real friend to the
bookmakers this season. The black horse
opened up favorite for the first mile sell
ing run at odds of 7 to a. When a rush
play came on Ed Sheridan, forcing the
• price from threes to Bto 6. the odds about
Possart lengthened to 11 to 5. Radtke had
the mount on Ed Sheridan, and it proved
only a cat-hop for the Schreiber gelding.
Severely puniehed by Knapp. Possart
nosed Fury out of place honors.
There appeared to be no cal! for any
* thing but Bob Ragon in the betting on
the concluding mile selling affair. Bob
' went to the post favorite and won all the
" way. Jackfull secured the place, a neck
before Byronerdale.
XOTES OF THE TRACK.
I*"Canada Jack" Adkins boosted the
• Billing price of Prominence from $800
lo 51000, and Charley McCafferty let
the filly go.
W. Gabriel sold Instructor to Dell
Fountain yesterday. The reported
price paid for the Brutus horee was
$1500.
The stakes for the Coney Island
p.nd Brooklyn Jockey clubs close on
Tuesday next. Entry blanks may be
obtained from Judge Pettingill.
* The following horses owned by
'Diamond Joe" Costen will be dis
posed of shortly at public auction:
• Sinner Simcn. Lew Reed. Fairlight.
Spring Leaf. Sweet Maid and Irish
jew.
Boxer Gilmore \u25a0 Winner.
CHICAGO. Dec. 26. — Fred Gilmore,
former amateur feather-weight cham
pion" of America, who was knocked out
recently by Fred LJnsted, a local nov
loe, grained the decision over the same
fighter to-night in the tournament of
the Illinois Athletic Association. Gil
more had the advantage in all three
rounds, using a straight left, which
Llnsted was unable to solve. In the
farmer fight Llnsted knocked Gilmore
out with a right swing. In to-night's
fight he tried continually to land a
similar blow, but Gilmore wa« too
clever and easily avoided his oppo
nent's efforts.
Clone Games fa Handball Tonraey.
Unusually close games marked the
play last nigrht in the Olympic Club's
handball tournament. Graham Richards
beat Frtnk Forran 8-21, 21-20, 21-15.
T. I. Fittpatrick beat F. Barkam 18-21,
21-18, 21-17. Fred Bain beat George
Kroger 21-15, 21-12. Louis Levy
refereed all games and Henry Stein
acted as scorer. •
CAMP COMFORT
Will surely be realized If you
cave a {rood supply of Marquette
Whiskey. It is acknowledged by
til who enjoy outdoor sporta to
possess the finest aroma and
.Bast delicious flavor of any
whiskey ever offered American
people. Furthermore, it's pure.
Ask for it wherever you go.
GROMMES A ULLRICH.
Distiller*.
CHICAGO. ILL.
laa Pr&ocUco Branch S Beale St.
Marqjxiette
O'BRIEN CHALLENGES JEFFRIES
The Call's Racing Form Chart
IVfiIXMUB. Tuesday, Dec. 26. — Weather foggy. Track sloppy.
K. C. HOPPER. Presiding Jud««.' J. J. HOLTMAN, Starter. . ..' -
M»l»!>. FIRST RACE — s!fc furlonrs; purse; ttro-y«ar-old fillies; maidens;, value to Ist, $325.
IndelT Horte and O^ner. WtjSt. VI. %\u25a0 »j. Str. Fin. (Jockey. Op. Cl.'
S9G4 'jQuesn*l>c (J. F. Clifford).... 112 3 ... 6 2 ... ,1 n 1 8 Wgue .... 11-10 11-10
BCB7 JAvonella (J. D. Mlllln) 1W! 1 ... 2 1 ... 22 2 4 Greenfield,. f 16-5
81)75 (Nettle Hicks (Burner & Co.). 10e;i0 ... 6 h ... 4^3 2^ Graham ... 6
6857 'Suavita (J. W. Blalock) 1121 4 ... 1 h ... 3h 4 2 |Battlate ... 10 15
\u25a0INlsta <\V; Kern) 108| 8 ... -7 1 \u25a0 ... 62. 02 IDlckson ... 25 12,
R157 iDovelike <E1 Primero Stable). 10ft; » ... (h ... 5h 6 I%|P. ? Phillips. 8 15
.... ISieyon tSi#>v*n« & Son) 10ft' 2 ... 9 2 ... 8 7 2 E.Ulayes.. 25 50
8927 iPeialuma <H. St«vvert '10615 ... 8 8 ... 7 8 8 L.. Williams 16 25
.... IMIII Rons (C. K«rr) !lO6 11 ... 11 ... 10 9 2 T. Clark... 20 IB
6367 i Ancle Studdert (Stephenson) . 1106 7 ...10 6 ...11 10 2 Wright 80 100
.... 'CHcanifr i.NY S. Hand lin^l C ... 3 1 ... 0 11 Reed ...... 25 50
Time— i:io. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:08. Rec. place. 11-20; show. 1-5. Avonella, plaoe,
«-5- rtiow. 3-5 Hloks. fchow, 3-2. Winner, blk. f. by Altamax-Recreatlon. • Trained by
J. F. Clifford. ' Scratched— aizz. Start good. Won easily at the end. Balanoe driving.
Highest price— Rec 6-5. Avonells. 4, Suavtta 16. Foff ob«wured view of first four races
from ptin<l. Positions durins race were taken by men stationed at each distance pole.
Avonelia looked to be winning: easily, when Greenfield went for his whip and 1M the, filly
swerve b&dly at the paddock. Queen Rec came from behind. Others an ordinary lot,
with no pretensions to form. 'i \u25a0 \u25a0 '
»000. SECOND RACE — Futurity course: selling: two-year-olds: value to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner IWUSt. Vi. 4. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. |, Op. Cl.
fiOSS i Prominence (McCaffcrty) 1061 1 ... 3 Vh... 16 10 Mcßrlde ... 4 \ 6
<*988): Tom MeGrath (echreibcr). . . . 112| 6 ... 2% ... 24 26 Radtke 1-2 1-2
5970 iChlef WltUnan (McLauphlin). »5 8 ... 5 2 ... 4 1 8 h IG. McLghln 20 SO
R9SI 'Watchful (Stevenn & Son) '100: 4 ... 76 ... 62 4U, E. Hayes.. 60 ICO
8975 ißakersfleld (Murry & Co) llOfi 3 ... 116 .... 8n B UJ'H. Smith.. 15 -SO
80SS Tron Watson (W. Stanfleld).. !l(M 2 ... 6 1 ... 0 2 62% Herbert ... 4 6
M) 75 j?t. Volma (Applepate & Oo.).|101 9 ... 86 ... 72 74 Robinson .. 25 100
Bf>76 !G of Diamonds (F.. Ramee.v).(loo « ... 4 1 ... 8 6 8 8 Graham ... 80 50
6075 ISwagger (J. W. Blalock) ! OS 1 7 ... 9 ... 0 9 Battlste ... 25 30
Time — 1:12 At post 2^ minutes. Off at 2:34%. Prominence, place, 6-6; show. 1-2. Mo-
Grath. place. 1-4; y'bow, 1-8. Wittman, show, 5-2. Winner, b. I. by Dr. Rlce-Mlsn C.
Trained by C. C. Scratched — Lesr&l Form. Grajscutter, Bellona. Start good.
Won easily Pecond easily. Third driving. Highest price— Cascade of Diamonds 60,
Ptrairger 40. Winner bid up frfvm $800 to $1000 by J. Adklns and sold. Prominence and
the favorite hit the stretch heads apart. Latter dogg-ed It Chief Wittman ran a fair %
rpef. Iron Watson did not run his race. "'-\u25a0•- \u25a0-
OWn. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; aftliinK; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $430.
Index' Koree and Owner. iWt'St. %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
SPS2 'Smitliy Kan»>.3 (Hall & McA.)flOO( 3 ... 16 ... Ii, 1 ZVt Rice ."..... 4 S»-2
KKC7 lEetraza. 5 <V. Chloepek) IIO6J t. ... 2 2^... 2 3 2 2HlMcBHde .. 8 T
S9&-J lEI Pilcto. a (Hoa? & Co.) jIOO 5 ... 62 ... 8 n 8 I%!T. Clark... 2 13-6
W>S7 !Br*>nnus. 5 (L. & D. Stable).. !Ul 8 ...H« ... 64 4n 'Sherwood .. 15 15
«n«!7 'Stamlard. 4 (E. J Ramsey) . . '104J 7 ... 3 h "... 4 2 6 1»4 Graham .. 25 30
«>4R !Nahonassar. 3 (Grey * C 0.).. 1105 • 9 ... 71 ... 72 6h Loague .... 15 7
5991 iQuixz 11. a (Alsmeda Stable). .1104 ) 4 ... 4 H ... 6 1 7 Fountain .. 4 10
K940 iPlmon 5 (J Coffey) 107 12 ... 9 1 ... 9 8 Knapp 8 15
KBS7 Colleen Dhas. 3 (J. N>alon)..loo 6 ... 5 2 ... 8 ? Greenfield .6 7
6f>63 IGalice. 3(J W. Blalock) 9JV II ... 8 2H--- 10 16 Battlste ... 10 20
74<9 !Gil! GiI Bias, 5 (H. I* Shannon).. 109 10 ... 12 ... 11 11 P. Phillips. 30 80
53.15 Steel Wire, 3 (Pcharetg) 100| 1 ... 10 1H... 12 12 Robinson .. 40 60
Time. 1:1514 At post 1 minute. Off at 2:59. Kane, place. 5-2; show, 6-5. Estraza, dace,
7-2: show. 8-5. Plloto, show, 3-5. Winner, eh. a-, by Rancocas-Red Xellle. Trained
by L. D. Hall. Scratched — Jeru»ha. Speaker Fontana, Cardinal Sarto. Start Rood. Won
ridden out. Balance driving. Highest price — Nabonassar. 20. Winner shook off his
field at the Ptart. Eetraza ran a rood race. No apoloalea for El Plloto. Brennus pre
fers a glow, heavy track. Quit pult. Phaon noaccount. Colleen Dhag received backing.
0002. FOURTH RACE — One and a quarter mile*; celling-; 4-ye.ar olds up; value to Ist, $325.
Indexl Horse and Own«r. iWtjSt.Std. H- %• Btr. Fin. | Jockey. Op] ~cT.
Rs>4» [Royalty, 6 (H. Green) jlOOi 3 12^16 ... 14 14% Robinson .. 6 7-2
Sf>47 till Cawl Cap, 5 (Bhertdan) ..102 6 4^23 ... 32 24 Fountain .. 8 12
S97S !Ray. a(W Durtcer) 100 1 2 j 3 4 ... 2n 3 l>4(Radtke 0-6 ft-S
SaSTi jlsabelita. 5 (J. M. Crane) ..107 4 6h 57 ... 46 48 iKnapp 5-2 7-2
BKC3"{L«dus. a (How* Stable) JlOO 2 3>i 4 h ... 51 6n JGraham ... 26 25
$978 Expedient, a (Thomas & Co.) 104 8 9 n ... 8 8 6 »i !C. Williams . 8 10
K978 Ora McKinney, 4 (Davies) .. 95 "6 88 73 ... 71 78 W.Smlth .. 20 30
R97R I Allopath. 6 <Lemasney Bros.) 103 7 74 68 ... 6>48 12 IJ.J. Walsh .15 60 '
8940 |Jark LJttle. 4^ (White & C 0.).. 1021 » 8 2^S 2 ... 9,9 ]H. Smith \u0084| 20 60
Time. 2:13. At poet 5^4 minutec. Off at 3:29V4- Royalty, place. 8-5; show, 4-5. Cap,
place, 4; show, 8-5; Ray, 6how, 1-3. Winner, b. r. by Cavalier-Empress of Norfolk.
Trained by B. E. Getcheil. Scratched — Watercure. Start good. Won ridden out. Bal
ance driving. Winner best in the going. Ray did his bent. Isabelita can do better over
a s^nw track. Ledus not at his beat. Expedient no account in the mud. .Allopath ran
poorly.
»003. FIFTH RACE — One mile; selling; 8-year-olds and upward ;• value to first. $325.
Index' Horsa and Owner. Wt'St. %. %. %. Etr. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
8959 |Ed Sheridan, 3 (Schreiber) . . . 103, 5 I>Al n 1 3%1 5 16 Radtke ..../ j 3 8-5
8»78 IPoßsart a (Daviee & Co.) 1101 8 4 >i 3 h 2 2 2 1%2 ns Knapp 7-5 11-5
BW2 Fury. (G. P. McNeil) lOf'lO 10 l>4n 2>A3 w. 4% 8 4 T. Sullivan 6 7
SflSO Llberto 4 (E. J. Baldwin). .. 107T 2 6 5 6 I^6 2 5V*4 2% Moßride .. 8 15
8882 Spondoolix 3 (Jones & Lusk) Ift3 4 5 IV' 5 4 5 2 3 1&5 8 Graham ... 10 •15
8953 Joyner, 3 (E. E. Burnett).... 106 1 3 I^2 3^4 I^6 4 61% Robinson .. 15 16
S3SO P»estano. 6 (Martin & C 0.).. 107 7 7n 8h 7%7n 76 P. Phillip*. 15- 40
8!>S0 ISllurian, a (Lemasney Bros.) 107 9 2 h 4 I^B 2 8 V, S h iLoague .... 12 20
881J iMacene, 3 (H. E. Rowell) 08 8 97 7«498 9i 9Vi (Sandy ..... ' 20 50
RS4S !H. P. Kane, 5 (J. J. Hennety) 102 6 Bnlonlo2 10 2 10 3 [Bock • 60 100
8978 jLrtve'e Labor, a (Hazlett) 107,1111 11 11 11 11 \u25a0" |H. Smith. .. 6 10
Time — :26, :51. 1:18. 1:45. At post 1% minutes. Off at 3:53. Sheridan, place, 3-5; show,
2-5. Possart. place. 1; show, 1-2. Fury. Bfcow. 3-2. Highest price — Possart 6-2,
Spondoollx 20. Winner, br. g. by Baln-Laura Agnes. Trained by H. R. 1 Brandt.
Scratched — Montana Peeress. Start good. Won In a gallop. Balance driving. Ed
Sheridan 1* a sloppy-track horse. Possart hard ridden throughout. Fury should have
been second. Liberto ran a fair race. Spondoollx likes a fast track. Love's Labor no
speed. s ; ;
O<M>4. SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; 3-year-olda and upward; value to first, $325.
Index] Horte and Owner. WtjSt. %. %. %. Str. Fin. ! Jockey. Op. Cl.
(R9T7)!Bob Ragon. 3 (Summers) 100' 1 1 1%1 6 18 15 14 |L. Williams 2 9-5
S9BO |jackfull. 5 (G. P. McNeil)... 105 6 6 5 6 3 2 n 2 8 2 n IT. Sullivan. 4 7-2
<K*sO)!Byronerdale. 5 (J. M. Crane). 113 7 7 7 6n 63 81H Radtke . ... 2 3
8J»59 IHilee a*(W. W. Elliott) 05 2 6 1%6 % 7 „4 h 4 1 Downing ..6 6
8087 lYellowstone. 6 (W. P. Fine).. 107 3 4 h 4 n 5 4 6 2 52% Knapp .... 6 12
8»79 ißaker. 3 (E. J. Ramsey) 102 5 3 1 3 1 3% 3 n 610 Graham ... 40 100
8987 'Duelist, a (R. R. Rice Jr.)... 103 4 2 2%2 14 2 7 7 J. Kelly 30 40
Time— :2s% :50V4. 1:16%, 1:44%. At post *4 minute. Off at 4:18%. Ragon, place, 7-10;
Fhow 1-3. Jackfull. place, 6-5; show, 1-2. Byronerdale, show, 2-6. Highest price —
Byronerdale 16-5, Hilee 8. Winner, b. o. by Kismet-Chitose. • Trained by G. Summers.
Scratched — Lerida. Ethel Abbott, Angelica The Lieutenant/ Eleven Bells. Start good.
Won in a gallop. Balance driving. Bob Ragon galloped from start to finish. Jack-
I full and Hlle*. were rated this day. Byronerdale came on when some of the others
! backed up. Too sloppy for latter. • .
PORTLAND TEAM
IN THE LEAGUE
Four Clubs Will Mean Con
tinuous Baseball in This
City During 2s T ext Season
PORTLAND, Dec 86.— The McCreedies.
owners of the Portland baseball club,
will take chances with 'the Pacific Coast
Baseball League the coming season. The
proposal of a four-club league, with Port
land as the northernmost club and Los
Angeles at the southern end, meets with
hearty approval This would call for
continuous baseball at San Francisco. /
Portland will have a winning team if
money and skill in selecting the men will
do the trick. At a meeting held this
afternoon this determination was reached.
Judge W. W. McCreedie was elected presl
ldent of the club, George Shepherd vice
president and secretary and Walter Mc-
Creedle manager.
Steelbead Are Rannlnir.
The bar at the mouth of the Russian
River -has finally -been opened and
steelbead are running In large num
bers. Hundreds are * being caught
daily, the catches exceeding all pre
vious records. •
Another Football Player Dies.
SULLIVAN, Ind., Dec. 26.-— John Gor
don, son of U. S. Gordon, died to-day
from injuries sustained in a football
game ten .days ago.
MANUFACTURERS OF BOOTS
IN FINANCIAL, DIFFICULTY
Well-Known ; Nevr Ensland Corpora
tion Goes Into the Hands of nn
Asslgrnee^
NEW BEDFORD. Mass.. Dec. 26.—
Announcement was made to-night of
the assignment of the Hathaway, Soule
& Harrington Corporation, boot and
shoe manufacturers of this city and
Boston. At a meeting of the corpora
tion Thomas P. billon of Boston was
named as assignee.
. The firm Is^.one of the best known
in the shoe trade of New England.
Rufus A. Soule, former president? of
the State Senate, is one of the. leading
officials of the corporation. It. is said
that 'the creditors will be paid in fulL
THE: SAN FRANCISCO CALU WEDNESDAYy : DECEMBER \u25a0" 21, 1905:
HAZEL PATCH
BEATS ZOLOCK
Takes the Second, Third and
Fourth Heats of Free
for - Allr in Fast -Time
PHOENIX, A.T.. Dec. 26.— TJie big
feature of the Territorial Fair to-day
was * the race known as . the , Bisbeo
stakes,- free for all, $1000 purse. Zolock
won*tha" first and fastest heat in 2:07.
Hazel: Patch won Uhe second, , third and
fourth heats in 2:08, 2:07% and 2:11%.
Custer, owned by J. a Adams .of
Phoenix, * took third money. Dcdalion
was f o yrthj These horses i race ; again
next Saturday.; Billings, owned by W.
C. Greene, won the; 2:28 pace, purse
$400. Goddess of Night won the mile
dash in 1:50%. . Sweetheart won the
half mile. dash in :52%.
The attendance was larger than yes
terday. Weather fine.
MOORISH XATIVB WORKMEN ,
GO ON. THEIR 'FIRST * STRIKES
Custom-bouse employes at Tangier
Walk I Out ' to Secure Baclc -' -~ -.
Pay.
TANGIER, Morocco, Dec. 26- Never
until yesterday hadUhe Moorish native
workmen gone on strike.^- Having re
ceived no pay, for, more, than a fortnight,
the men ; employed at r the, Custom-house
and the pier ceased work on Monday. -
The first result of the strike was that
twoC French •'- steamships which \ \ called
here Sunday V^were compelled .to ' con
tinue their voyage to Marseilles with
out discharging; their
RAILROADS WILL ASSIST i \u25a0
THE INTERSTATE BOARD
CHICAGO, Dec.;.26.V-Thirteen of the
most prominent traffic men' of the West
left f or ; Washington I ' to-night, - where,
they, will confer i« with- the .' Interstate
Commerce Commission; . The purpose of
the conf ereiice f v which has ] been * sought
by ' the ' railroad; officials, V is to \u25a0 Join
hands .with.t he 'commission '\u25a0•' in-securi
ng a; universal 1 observance by\Western
railroads of all laws pertaining, to
transportation; , j;^ \u25a0\u25a0 ,\u25a0..\u25a0\u25a0'.,
- ; i J. C. Stubbs, 'traffic {director .' for ;; the
Harriman lines.willjact fas . spokesman
for the railroad officials at the meeting.
\u25a0 mi^iTm* nirfmMiiiaJiil liiiim> mil I n \u25a0 . \u25a0 - °
Mudlarks Given
the Preference
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
First . * race — Ansleta, Sad
Sam, niumenthul.
i . . Second .\u25a0 race— On Gardner,
Tenordale, «T X F.". v
Tlilrd , - race— Procrastinate,
Jerry Hunt, Dr. Sherman.
.Fourth race— Gateway, Chrts
tine; A, Dixie I,ad.'V /
\u25a0 Fifth race — Buchanan, Warte
Alcht, Cloche d'Or. ;
, Sixth race— Plnkerton, Prin
cessTitanla, Magrane.
PINKERTON MEETS
A GOOD FIELD.
j The principal event on the card at
Ingleside to-day Is the last. In it meet
the crack sprinters Princess Tltania,
Pinkerton and- Magrane. The day's
entries: -
Flrat race— By * subscription; salllnjr; thret
year-olds and up; five ana a half furlonoi
8958 Bad Bam (Schneckloth) ...107
$6977 Yo San (Humes & Co.). .............113
8077 Blumenthal (Ezell) ". . . 107
8077 Honoma (Sombre Vl»ta Stable) ...107
8991 Masedo (Rosedale Farm) 110
8971 Angleta (Schreiber) ....102
Second race— Purse; two-year-olds; seven
furlongs: \u25a0 \u0084 \u25a0«\u25a0« \u25a0
8988 J X F (McCafterty) ..105
8990 Ramus (Stevens & Son) 105
(81>D4)Dr. Gardner (SchrelUr) .110
8900 Tenordale (Clifford) ..102
5922 Jake Moose (Hansen) ..102
(8970) Pentagon (Fitzgerald) ......J. ..110
Third race — Selling; three-year-olds and up;
six furlongs:
8993 Procrastinate (Tanner s C 0.)..,. .107
6963 Jerry Hunt (Schreiber) ............ \u0084107
8085 •Mrs. Bob (Blalock) .....:...'.... 08
8083 Maxtresa (Kronlck & C 0.).. .107
iSsl3)l>r. Sherman (Hopper) 107
6323 *Emma Reubold (Burger) 102
889.J Silicate (Gabriel) ..107
8901 Bear Hunter (Rice) 103
8957 Jake Ward (Lee & 50n)....... 110
8989 Waterspout <McGettrick & Crysler). .107
8985 Albemarle (Qulnlan) . . ..107
9003 'Macene (Rowell) 98
Fourth race— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling: \u25a0
fif>92 Gloomy Gus (Zlmmer & Krause)... .los
5997 Lone, Wolf (Rice) 106
8981* IMxia Lad (Parker) ....;..;. ....103
(So!)7)'ChrUtine A (Davlea) .105
8378 Anvil (Murray) ..... 104
8986 Bannock Belle (Jones) 103
8992 Gateway (Burnett) 110
Fifth race— One mile and twenty yards;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
fc9B3 Adirondack (Shannon) ..?.... ..106
8060 Cloche d" Or (Coffey) .106
8997 Buchanan (Schreiber) 105
(S9K7)Btrdie P (Fountain) 106
SOSo Haven Run (Rowell) ...106
5&97 "Warte NMcht (Wllkerßoo)... ....107
8172 Melsterslnger (Healy) 108
Sixth race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up; purse:
8918 Princess Titanla (Mlllln) 107
8860 Magrane (Magrane) ..107
<88.S4)Pinkerton (Schreiber) 1. 106
BO9R Beknighted (Lee & 50n).... ....101
8986 St. George Jr. (McLaughlln). ...110
8984 Albert Fir (Jones & Lu5k). . ..........106
8986 Henry Waite(Lamasney 8r05.)..... .105
.... Corrigan (Rowell) ..;... ....."..•......110
\u25a0Apprentice allowance.". .
WOULD STOP FOOTBALL
•v FOR AT LEAST OJfE YEAR
President Eliot Does Not Believe Men
Who Ruined Game .Should Be
Tnwted With Its Reform.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— That : President
Eliot of Harvard University does not be
lieve the intercollegiate rules commission
should be entrusted with* reforming the
present style of playing football Is evi
dent from a letter he has written In an
swer to the Invitation of the conf ercnee
of twelve to attend, a meeting at the
Murray Hill Hotel. in this city to-morrow,
at half past 10 o'clock. President Eliot
in writing that the invitation . had been
received says: \u25a0\u25a0 .
"I avail myself of this opportunity to
tell you that my own belief is that inter
collegiate football should be stopped for
one year, so that individual colleges may
demonstrate in practice, each on Its own
ground, a reasonable game of football.
"There seems to be a ' well-nigh unlver
sar consent that the present game' is in
tolerable, and surely this is a great im
provement in the condition of public sen
timent. For myself I find it impossible
to believe- that committees, coaches and
umpires who have ruined the. game are
to be trusted with reform or replace
ment. .The- experts. who ruined the game
are not the persons I should select to ad
vise about selection or creation of a sub
stitute. \u25a0 -.-;\u25a0,-\u25a0-.:\u25a0- . ; \u25a0 . '\u25a0 -- .:..'"\u25a0
"The fundamental . difficulty with the
present game is ; the bad spirit in which
It ,is played. Tq get ' rid ;of this : vicious
spirit I think we must stop intercollegiate
football for a time. On the whole, there
fore, I favor separate action by .= indi
vidual colleges and ' not £ conferences or
other attempts to continue intercollegiate
football under the new regulations."
FEVEB STRICKEN CEEW
v- BEINGS SHIP HOME
Men Become Affected at Pan
ama While Unloading
Their Vessel;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.> TACOMA, Dec. 26.— Tha steamship Wy»
neric, Captain Niven, • which arrived '- here
to-day f rom ; Panama,'; had ! the worst ' ex
perience In her; history while unloading a
cargo of lumber, thgre In October and on
her return trip.; Since "leaving) Panama
the entire crew, except; the second ; mats
has been down with: fever: i.The steamship
was eight weeks discharging. ' Mosquitoes
were as j thick |as flies and 'despite all 'pro-,
cautions . would \ bite , the officers and men,'
leaving large welts Iwherever^they stung.
After, the \u25a0 "Wyneric J had ; passed Acapulco
she: was compelled to'turnbaok for.med
ical aid, ten of h«r;crew{ being ill*.,wlth
malaria: The . sick i, men ; . were • seized /with
.vomiting ). spells/? followed , by a 'fever; and
were left so weak, they/ could "scarcely
walk. By; the time /the f sick ; men were
able to work another portion of the crew
was* attacked. Luckily,* Captain Nlven
was ; able to ; be on > hjs feet \u25a0 almost ; the en
tire trip. I It was almost impossible to get
men \u25a0 enough;to~ ruriHhe': vessel. '; \u25a0 So, many
firemen' were* illy, that >i then firings part 'of
the ; time : was ; done by deck \ hands. 1 . 1 -; The
captain 1; Bays his J fared z worse iat
Panama than any; of the others
ing there.- ' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-• "\u25a0•\u25a0'•. ;- "\u25a0:\u25a0•-.' .. " \u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0•. l
r ARRESTED - FOR -GRAND "LARCENY.—
Bernard ; Doherty ! of 299 ! Shipley; street s was ar^
rested \u25a0 last night - by . Policeman •' Knurer >on•, a
charae ; of <• uranrl \u25a0.. larceny." \u25a0_ He > Is ; accused \u25a0ol
steallne $25 from ; Thomas Dovers of^ClT Bry
ant'atre«t.'ri»«<L'- \u25a0 ' : ; ":. •\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0.\u25a0•\u25a0;••\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. >r -i~- . \u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.••
} A " recent* weighing f of 'dandelion .down
has shown that f 1,000,000 ; v of ",; ine '^dainty,
parachutes '- are ; heeded Ito \u25a0' make": a pound."
*. Because \u25a0 of ', the . dustfraised '^by automo^
bile»»' it is*getting];to" be difflculti in 7 , Eng
land :to rent houses ; on . roads , used by: mo
torcars. ; . .-\u25a0 -,• '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 .".'•'•.•. \u25a0 ". '\u25a0*.\u25a0
ALDERMAN BATT
CANTERS HOME
Outsider in the Betting
on Mile Race at Ascot
Scores an Easy Victory
TWO FAVOEITES WIN
Large Fields of Horses Are
the Eule on the Course
in Southern California
vLOS ANGELES. Cal, Dec. 26.—Alder
man Batt, as good: as 20 to 1 In the
betting at one time, surprised the form
players to-day at Ascot Park. He won
the mile race In a canter from a large
field. Pachuca at B to I,J. F. Donohue
at .,l to 2, Dollle Weftthoff at 6 to 1.
Hippocrates at. 4 to 5 and Belle Klnney
at 3 to 1, were the other winners. The
last two were the • only successful
favorites.
Weather clear; track fast. Results:
race; seven furlongs— Pachuca. 103
(Palme), B to. 1, won; Gentle •. Harry, 09
tPowell),,B to 1. second; Vassalo 101 (Don
vvltr), 40 to 1, third. . Time. - 1:28%. Tatten
ham, Pettijohn. Susie Cnnstlan, Anti-Trust.
Josie Wheeler, Radium. Myrtle H. Toung
Marlow. Ulloa, Alta G ana James J. Corbett
also ran. ,
Second race; futurity course— J. F. Donohue.
118 (Doyle), 7 to 2, \u25a0won; Pepper Pod, 110
(Creamer). 15 to 1, second; Sir Brinkler, 113
(Dugan), 13 to 10. third. Time. 1:11%. Rub
inson, Falratena. Jack Hennessy Toller. Diablo
Gold, Water Wagon and Charles Green also
ran.
Third .race; one mile — Alderman Batt. »>2
(Wiley), 8 to 1, won; Dixelle, 100 (Preston),
l> to 2. eecond; Sun Mark, 97 (Miller), 6 to 5,
third. Time. 1:41 %.; Anona, Sea Sick, Hi
lona. Ding Dong II and Enchanter also ran.
Fourth race, seven furlongs— Dollio.Weithoff^
69 (Wiley). 6• to 1, won; Dutiful, 112 (Mo
riarity), 9 to 5, second; Rockey. 102 (Miller).
30 to 1. third. Time, I:2SVi. Lucian, Red
Light, Viona. Sheriff Bell. Brigand, Elfin King
Dr. Roberts, Beautiful and Best and Whoa
Bill also ran. •
Fifth race; "one mile and seventy yards —
Hippocrates, 105 (Miller), 4 to 5, won; Orchan,
112 (Prior), 7 to 1, second; Ethylene, 87
(Grande), 0 to 1. third. Time, 1:45%. Bava
rian, Lord Badge and Ikkl also ran.
Sixth race; fix furlongs — Bella Klnney, 110
(Miller), 8 to 1. won; Pinta 95 (Hudlln), 10
to 1. second: Prince Ching:, 115 (Dugan), 4 to
1. third. Time, 1:43%. Colonel Bronaton,
Josle'» Jewell. El Verraco, . Prince Magnet,
Annie Darling, Una C, Bailey, Search Me and
Theo CS.bc r»I«o ran. .
CZARAPHWE ISA WINJS'ER.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 26.— City Park re
sults:
Ktratrace, one and an eighth miles — Krlno
lean won. Little Wally second Liberty Mo
third. Time, 2:01 8-5.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Gauze
won. Telepathy second, Cambridge third. Time.
1:10 2-5. \
Third race, six furlongs — Czaraphlne -won.
Chief Hayes second,- Lucy Toung third. Time,
1:17,
Fourth race. \u25a0 seven furlongs — Gambler won.
Belle Strome second. Monocorder third. Time,
1:32.
Fifth race, one mll« and seventy yards — lole
won, Taplola second, Josette third. Time, 1:51.
I Sixth race, clx and a half furlongs — St. Tam
many won, Modred second, Norel- third. Tims.
I:2* 8-5. . .
Seventh race, one mile and seventy yards—
Padre won. The ,Pon second Double \u25a0 third.
Time,, 1:51. . . ;>;.,\
HANDICAP GOES TO liURETTA.
y^n\* ORLEANS, Dec. 26.— Fair Grounds
:i?*«g results: - •
First race, five furlongs — Hollowmas won.
Usury second. Quaint third. Time. 1:04 4-5.
Second race. live and a half furlongs — Han
nibal Bey won. Gay Adelaide second. Burning
Glass third. Time, . 1 :08 2-5.
Third race. . one mile — Monaco Maid won,
\u25a0Whlppoorv.ill second. Gold Enamel third,
lime, 1:M 4-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap— -Luretta.
wqn. Lady Henrietta second. Mayor Johnston
third. Time. 1:15 1-5.-:
Fifth race, six furlong's — Bitter Brown won,
Letty eecond, Proeteus third. Time, I:l6V].
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Char-
He Thompson won. Dr. Hart second, Joe Leaser
third. , Time. 1:50 3-5.
DUNNE BEGINS WAR UPON
THEATER TICKET BROKERS
Mayor of Chicago Will Try to Pat End
to Practices of Specu
lators. ' .
CHICAGO, Dec. 26. — The energetic
work of Mayor 1 Dunne in suppressing
the scalping of tickets to the Thanks
'glving football \u25a0-'.' game between the
Universities of Michigan and Chicago
bore such satisfactory fruit that he has
now entered upon a campaign against
the scalpers "who, he alleges, . have
made a practice of buying up theater
tickets and selling them to the public
at exorbitant advances.
; Ever since the football game on
Thanksgiving day the Mayor has been
deluged with requests that he suppress
the scalping of theater tickets, and
to-day- he called a meeting of the
theatrical managers of the city to de
vise a way to keep the tickets, out- of
the hands of; the scalpers. .
STOCKHOLDERS APPROVE ,
SALE OF STEEL COMPANY
Retiring President Given Ten* Thou
sand-Dollars In Rcognltlon of
. : His* Lone Service.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 26.— The
stockholders of , the Latrobe Steel
Company, to-day ratified the sale of the
company's property at " Latrobe, Pa., to
the Railway Steel . Spring Company, and
at the same- time voted to present to
Merritt : C Smythe, the retiring presi
dent of the oompany, $10,000 in recogni
tion lof his twenty-one years of ser
vice with. the company and his success
ful negotiations for the , sale of the
property." Three -stockholders,;repre
senting about 10,000 shares, objeoted to
the gift/
:" The \u0084 Latrobe : Company Is capitalized
at $1,600,000. It. is said "unofficially,
that the purchase price! was $5,000,000.
HOUSES DIB BY SCORE
j \ ';-'< \u25a0 OP SPINAL MENINGITIS
DUfnute Carries Off the Animals .With
Great ' Rapidity In WUllamM
burff.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26. — Afflicted with
spinal v meningitis, more than a score
of horses dropped in the street* of Wil-
UaVhsburg " to-day arid at 'least half - of
them .succumbed *. to =.the disease
a veterinary , surgeon could reach' them.
Every veterinary surgeon! ln* Williams-'
burg was called' lnto; service and they
were busy; from, before» daylight untl)
to-night trylns \u25a0'\u25a0to. -check\the spread 'of
the* disease.^) Up^to 6 o'clock one" veter
inary had t- called to .\u25a0 attend : to
eighteen I . cases,-; nine \, ot : which; were
f atal. ": All ~ the • animal hospitals are
crowded I with? horses, which ; have ' only
a r sllght chance to, recover from the dis
ease.^.i .-. ;r-\'.-- .\u25a0- .. : - <.
(j nests - Flee From - Flames.
WALSENBURG. Colo. .Dec. 26.—
Charlesi Crockett^ of '-Denver : was , " se
verely X\ burned : and ;, thirty-five 1 1 '"other
persons, narrowly ..^escaped /death 'in a
flreT which ;» destroyed T- the 'Twin Lakes
Hotel ihere last'night; jjAll - the guests
were;' forced % to.^ flee ;In their, " night
robes..' (A* ; defective ! flue ; is . supposed 'to
have" caused 'the;' fire; .which started ; in
the^kitcheii.vi,The 1 hotel 'was '/ aV" large
frame; building, owned > by .the i -Wiscon-1
sin • Trust Company; and the :.total •' loss
13. placed' at ;$800(),r
LITTLE CHANCE
BE A MEETING
Champion Does Not Need
the Money and There Is
No] Glory in Sight
JACK SEEKS NOTOEIETY
Apparently Wants to Help
\ Along Theatrical Vent
ure on Eastern Circuit
On the eve of his departure for the
East to Join a burlesaue company Jack
O'Brien has issued a challenge to Jef
fries... His * den \u25a0Is not taken seriously,
but Is looked upon as a medium through
which he can get some advertising In the
East and thus increase the box office
receipts.
If Jeffries could develop the physical
condition he had when . ho fought Jim
Corbett In this city, and there la no
reason why he should not, he could
probably defeat as many Jack O'Briens
as could crowd Inside the ropes of a
twenty-four-foot ring:.
In the . first place It Is believed one
look at Jeffries would be enough to
frighten O'Brien. , as It has bigger and
braver men. Efforts to reach Jeffries by
wire yesterday resulted In the following
reply:
"Los Angeles, Dec. 26. — Jeffries left for
his ranch, twelve miles north of the city,
at noon to-day, and was expected back at
midnight. He did not return and his fam
ily does not know Just when h» will be
back. He therefore knows nothing of the
challenge Issued by O'Brien. His brother
Jack stated that there Is hardly a pos
sibility of Jim accepting any proposi
tion for a flght. Tim oa.T -hlngr which
could Induce the retired champion to
again enter the ring, his brother says. Is
to find* some person the defeat of whom
would add to his record" as a pugilist,
and he does not think whipping O'Brien
would odd to his laurels.
"As far as the financial end of It Is
concerned, Jeffries does not need the
money. He quit the ring with a big
bank account and since then has made
several profitable investments in real es
tate."
Th» name of. Jimmy Britt was asso
ciated with that of Mrs. Fitzslmmons in
the East and the Calif ornlan was quick
to enter a denial. He wired Fitzslm
mona:
NEW YORK. Dec. 26.— Robert Fltzsimmons.
Alhambra Theater: Rumors connecting my
name with Mrs. Fltisimmons false. Have
seen her once. Nobody regrets your defeat
and other trouble more. JIMMY BRITT.
OKEGON FAIR FUNDS
SUBJECT OF DISPUTE
State Commission Claims
Part of Money in Hands
of Corporation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. Dccl 26.— A bitter l»gal
battle probably will ensue over the sum
of money left over when the affairs of the
Lewis and Clark Exposition are wound
up. The Oregon State Commission has
formally notified the corporation, through
Secretary Henry B. Reed, that it will
hold the officers and directors of the fair
responsible for the distribution of the
money, which It has been announced will
amount to about 25 percent of the orig
inal Investment of . the stockholders, or
$100,000. The official communication ad
dressed to Secretary Reed states that
the commission claims a pro rata share
of the funds now In the possession of the
corporation after all liabilities have been
settled:
The Oregon State Commission also
demands an accounting of the money
which has been expended by the cor
poration. The communication states
that the commission Is acting under
the directions of the Attorney General
of the State of Oregon. Should the
Oregon State Commission win out In
the contention, the stockholders in tho
corporation would receive hardly more
than twelve per. cent. About $400,000
was paid Into the corporation for stock
and the State appropriated, about
$400,000. It is asserted that the many
financial transactions that did not meet
the approval of the State Commission
will be aired if the accounting 13 or
dered by the courts. r
HAKE TEEAT ENJOYED
BY SEATTLE THIEVES
Eat and Sleep in House
From Which They Take
Much Loot.
SEATTLE. Dec. 28.— While A. Brown,
a capitalist living at West Seattle, was
out of town spending Christmas burglars
•ntered his house, prepared a meal for
themselves, slept all night in his bed. ex
changed their , threadbare clothing for
two new suits of his and departed, taking
with them about $2000 worth of jewelry
and silverware. ; The burglary was com
mitted last night,, but was not discov
ered until this afternoon. An employe of
Brown entered the house to prepare it
for the return of his employer and found
things turned upside down. Upon the
dining-room table were the remains of a
hearty meal that the thieves had en-
Joyed. On the bed in Brown's room were
two . dirty suits V clothing. Two new
suits were gone from the wardrobe,
trunks were broken open and searched
and every box and drawer in the' house
was tumbled. A jewel box that had con
tained $1500 worth of diamonds was empty.
Boxes containing . silverware wer* emp
tied of 'their contents. The bed . In
Brown's room showed that it had been
slept ' in. " Entrance was gained through
a window on the ground floor.
LABOR LEADER SHOOTS
A RIVAL IX CHICAGO
James McGalre of Painters* Union
Fatally Injures Thomas Kennedy
of ' Same Organization.
.CHICAGO. Dec. 26.— Thomas Ken
nedy, a ; delegate from tha Painters'
and Decorators* Union to :the recent
conference of the American Federation
of .Labor: at Pittsburg, was shot and
fatally wounded to-night at a meeting
of the union by James McGuire. a mem
ber;of: the same organization. The men
have been* enemies for the past year on
account', of a desire "of : both to control
the ..union. . .
, To-night while the usual weekly
business ;of the union: was beings tran
sacted * McGuire and Kennedy became
Involved In ; a (dispute, and before any
one could Interfere iMcGoire shot Ken
nedy and escaped from the hall. . •
You cannot expect meaty sermons on a
dry-bread salary.
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
LADIES ISSUE
GOLF SCHEDULE
California Women Golfers'
Association to Hold Its
Final Annual Tournament
ON INGLESIDE LINKS
Championship Competition,
Team Match and Handicap
Events Fill Up One Week
Th« prosramm* or the first regular
tournament of the California "Women
Golfers' Association has been issued-
The tournament will be held on thaT*
links of the San Francisco Golf and
Country Club at Ingfleaide on January
•ii.)t'i. 24. 25. 26 and 27. The princi
pal event will b« the first annual com
petition for the women's championship
of California, for which regular mem
bers of clubs belonging: to the associa
tion are eligible, the entrance fee betntf
13. The week's play la arranged as
follows:
Monday. January 22, at 9:30 a. m.. ta«
qualifying round ovar eighteen holes, medal
play, tor the women's championship will begin.
The best sixteen scores qualify and th» playe?
handing In the lowest medal »cor» wUI receive
the silver medal of the association,
Tuesday January at i>:3t> a. m.. ta«
I first match round of the women's champloa«
ship, over eighteen holes, will begin. At 1 :iO
p m. a handicap consolation event over eighty
een holes for those who did not qualify wlu
begin, the winner .to receive a trophy.
Wednesday. January 24. at 9:30 a. Blk. the
\u25a0econd match play round of th* womea \u25a0
championship wIU begin. At 1:30 P- nx. thore
will be a contest, handicap v». oosey. otop
eighteen holes, for which all who have not
won In the previous events are eligible, ana
winner win receive a trophy.
Thursday. January 23. at 8:30 a. m. th»
aemi-ti&al match tlay round, ov»r eighteea
holes, of the women's championship will b«
played. The two losers of these match?» will
receive, as semi-finalists, the bronze medal*
of the association. At 'l:3o P- m. there will
be contests in driving,? approaching and putting,
the winners to r«c«iva trophies.
On Friday, January 26. at 9:30 a. m.. th«
final match play round, over eighteen hole*
of the women's championship will be playpd.
The winner becomes the champion woman
golfer of California for 1006 and receives th*
gold medal of the association. The champion.
ship cup formerly owned by the Pacific Coa3t
Golf Association has been formally turned ov«r
to thf California Women Golfers' Aasoclatlo*^
and will pas* for the coming year Into th«^
keeping of the club from which the wlnna*
entered. The lo»<»r in the final round will
receive, as runner-up, the silver medal of tha
association.
At 1:30 p. m. there will be women's faur-
Bom«Mi ov?r eighteen holes, medal play. wtt2x
handicap. All are eligible, but entries must
bf made by pairs. The winners will receive
trophies.
Saturday. January 27, at 9:30 a. m.. th»re
will be a matrh b?twe«n teams representing
Northern and Southern California for the cup
presented by Dr. John R. llaines. Th* cup
will pass into th* eusitody of. the team that
wins the larger number of matches. At 1 :;;©
p. m. there will be mixed foursomes ov»r
•tsrhtewn holes, modal play, with handicap,
the winners to r^ceivp trophies.
EMTXEXT GEOLOGIST RITX
DOWN* BY FIRE EXGINB
Professor Gantave nambach Very Se
rloualy Injured in Streets of
St. 1.0u1.i.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 26.— Professor Gus
tave Hambach. instructor of geology
and zoology at Washington University,
and one of the most eminent geologists
In the United States, was run down by
a fire engine at a downtown street
crossing to-night and seriously injured.
His skull was fractured, his left les
broken, and in addition to a scalp
wound there were internal injuries.
Professor Hambach is 74 years of as*
WISCONSIN'S NEW LAW
FORCES ROADS TO PAY
Nearly Seven Hundred Thousand Dol-
lar* In Taxes Handed Over
In a Day.
MADISON. "W'ls.. Dec. 28. — Under a
law passed at the -special session o£^*
the Legislature requiring railroad
companies to pay up back taxes bef ora
collecting assessments in courts, th«
Northwestern Railway to-day paid
$225,834 taxes for 1905. and the St.
Paul paid $464,238 taxes and Interest
for 1904 and 1905. It Is expected thafi
all the smaller roads will follow.
A Builder of
«^2IV IB^ a srand - Slorious builder
« %5^ h0 2 a> a P° wer which will re- .
new the fire of youth in men who <A
are breaking down, which will cure
the effects of early dissipation, stop
all loss of vitality and fill every
ne ,Tl e ? nd « ver y muscle of the body
wlth vim. snap and power.
Dr. McLaughlin's
Electric Belt
Does wonders in a few applications.
It arouses all the dormant energies,
aevelops muscular and nervo life
and restores the feelinsr of youth,
courage and vigor. It makes men
over again. It makes perfect men
of the puniest, weakest specimens
of '"half men."
TYHEATLAXD. CAL.
DR. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I have
to thank you for havlny restored my health
with your electric belt. I bad lost all my
manly visor, but mftar using- your belt
steadily for three months I bave recovered
my tall Dower. Or&ttfaUy yours.
JOE OUTER.
I've made giants of. lots of men
who thought they, toad passed' the
best years of their lives. I've taken
such men and made regular storage-
batteries of them and you can al-
most see the electric life shooting
out of them. If you are going back-
ward come to me. I*l] help you up.
I have a book which every man
should read. It tells facts that ar^
of interest to every man who wants
to remain young in vitality at any
age. Send for th is book to-day, if
you can't call. I mall It sealed,
free. If yeu call I win give you a
free test. Cut this out and act to-i
Dr. M.C. Mclaughlin
.906* Market Street, San Francisco."MAKES A WRECK
OF RESTAURANT
$my Steamer Garden City
Crashes at Full Speed Into
Slip at Alameda Mole
LIVELY PAXIC EXSUES
Passengers Are Thrown to
Deck, but Crockery in Buf
fet Suffers 3lost Damage
\u25a0 The. Southern Pacific ferry steamer
*;-rden City, ivith Captain Hemsworth
in command, did the best she could
••Fterday morning at 10 o'clock to
«* reck the new ferry depot at the Ala
uieda mole. The men In the pilot
t ouse, it is said, either forgot to ring
;ii« stopping: bell or the bell refused
*o tinkle at the critical moment, and it
»vas with full speed that the steamer
crashed into the apron. Two clusters
V? deep driven piles kept the Garden
•City out of the depot, and the greatest
iianiagre was wrought among the crock
ery in the restaurant and the bottled
liquors In the bar. Passengers were
;!ir«wn to the deck, and for several
minutes there was a terrible panic on
joard. Fortunately the steamer was
not- crowded or many lives might have
been sacrificed In the disorder follow
;:.g the sudden stop.
The apron on the slip was badly
•amaged, several piles were carried
i. way- and one of the steel rods bracing
\u25a0~ha <nd of the Blip was snapped In the
r.rSdle. The hull of the Garden City
»u.Tf<?red little, as she struck squarely
\u25a0jti. her blunt nose.
In the restaurant, however, the
f mash-up was complete. Hardly a
rSlmh escaped. The tomato catsup
T.ingrled with the cugrar and broken
*:ass. • Tea, coffee, chocolate and milk
!n*<se : a muddy stream on the floor,
tvhich was strewn with crockery and
I*"***- chops, steak, fish and eggs.
" he" Japanese waiters stampeded, and
It -was some time before they could be
I^rsuaded to return to the restaurant
l»id clear away the wreckage.
So violent was the Jar that the cash
!r» Sister behind the bar was torn from
lt« fastenings and hurled across the bar
to the deck, where it was picked up a
!>rj>e:e.ss wreck. Nearly every bottle
la tiie. bar was broken, and althougrh
?h* steamer escaped lightly the colli
*ion will be expensive for the Southern
raciflc, for the Garden City's commis
•ary department had to be re-equipped
wt*h crockery and glassware and
trrshly stocked.
There was an unusually high tide
Yesterday and it revealed a serious de
•feet la the construction of the new
\u25a0i»pot. The arch of the entrance to the
ransrway leading- from the apron is a
!':T3ber of feet too low in a very high
'ide,. Yesterday there was little more
than head room for passengers, and
'•> «drive a wagon of any kind or a
truck from steamer to mole
would have been an impossibility. At
present the Southern Pacific does not
«arry much freight on the narrow
,iaug<n .boats. If they ever wish to they
•\u2666ill have to change the entrance to the
slip or do the freighting on low tides.
All Sajr They \\>re Robbed.
• •Lafa.yette Fangler, a bluejacket from the
•<f-jiser Slarblehead, was treated at the Har
*!U.r. Hospital early yesterday morning for a
contusion of the left eye. Fangler said he
?^a beer held up at the corner of Jackson
».nd' Vearir:- etiwts and robbed of 1100. He
«&•\u25a0! be ha« a few hours berore cashed a check
?or thai amount, but the police cay that
Jh*ir lnvthti rations Fhcw that Lafayette is
»iot telltaf the truth about cashing the .heck
JelLf* 5^ thfr " k hIS ho!d * up Etory unworthy of
- AY. H. Jonce, who lives at the Dewey Hous<\
.was- tic&led & little later for a lacerate!
-her.k.-Rl»o the work, sayi Jones, of a foot-
SrU. declanM that he *° TOhhe<i
.lYank Enberg. who keeps a saloon at 2u6
Meuert stre*t, reported to the harbor police
th*t he had Ix-en robbed of $l<>o while sleeping
tri a hallway near his saloon. It was Chrisl
r»afc BlcM and he had bern too tired to 6»ek
•is bed. «o had lccked up his place of bu«l
:*;r 8 * end coiled up Tor the night on the floor.
tit- awoke at 5 o'clock a. m. and then dis
•ju'^ered that his pockets were empty.
lir<- In Zcalandla's Bankers.
. Tire was discovered in the coal bunkers of
the steamer Zealandia. lying at Martinez, on
*:}rrlstm*s afternoon, but was extinguished be
fore* any damage was done to the vessel. First
\u25a0iftjtW CardeU Is in charge of the Zealandia
in her bunker* were about 350 tons of coal
Tv'ich Jias not T.een disiuroed since the liner
T.a* lali up. It is thought this coal became
heated and that the fire resulted from spon
•taru.ous combustion.
Ti.e tug Alert was dispatched to Martinez
and after a few hours" work the flames had
,be«i extinguished and the remainder of the
coal turned over and cooled.
Schooner Jennie Stella A abort
'• \Vord wa« received at the Merchants' Ex
change yesterday that the schooner Jennie
Stella of this port had been driven ashore at
S'avldad during a gale and probably would
be a total loes. The crew landed safely. The
Jpr.nle BtcUa left Fort Bragg with a cargo
pi ties, which she landed safely at La Paz
in the Gulf of California. From there she
proceeded to NarldAd, and was there loading
hardwood logs when disaster overtook her.
c The Jennie Stella is a three-masted wooden
\u2666 r choon,er of 295 tons register. She wa* built
in IV7S »t Coos Bay. and Is owned by the
Madison Mercantile Company of this city.
Stranded at Usqnlmalt.
' *Tbe " British steamer Dulwlch was stranded
•t # Esquimau yesterday during a gale. She
'«\u25a0»» floated at high water and is thought to
lav* escaped any damage.
Water Front Xotes.
• - • ,: -\u0084 \u25a0
o « The.etearaer Aberdeen, which arrived yes
.ferd*y Irons Grays Harbor, reported having
J»*-en a gasoline boat such as the crab flsher
'nra use urjftlng in through the heads. There
- appeared to be nobody on board. The life
i.avi»g crew from Fcrt Point made a vair.
search for the derelict, and a launch sent out
by Thomas Crowley was equally unsuccessful.
\ "ffce ehlp Berlin arrived yesterday, eeven
• teen days from Tacoma. with 36,691 sacks of
r Vhe«t.
The echooner Aloha arrived yesterday, twen
.fy-t!x days from Honolulu, with 13,200 bags
. *o! Vugsr.
Tl;e liner Coptic ia due to-day frcm the
Orient. • 4JSMM
\u25a0-* The Oceanic Stefcmship Company's liner
' Maj-ipcsa will rail to-morrow for Tahiti.
. , The Baclflc Mail liner Korea will sal] Sat
* urday for the Orient. She will carry a large
cargo.
_ <"tptain F. M. Johnson of the steamer
• Jreakwatw ha* reported to the branch hydro
sraphie office of the navy that the North Spit
<< ! tty buoy No. 1 at Coos Eay has disay
, itf-ared
"The Navy Department calls the attention of
rrarir^re to the fact that the United States
\u25a0Jrydock J">ew*y will *oon be on the way from
Chesapeake Bay for the Philippine Islands ty
way of th« £ue* CanaJ. Mariners are re
t <juf>st'-d, in view of the length and uowieldi
n+n* of the structure which will be towed to
the .Orient, to use every precaution in ap
proaching and passing it.
arews of the ocean.
blatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchant*.
'. The ship -Kcnllworth (at Honolulu) was
chartered prior to arrival for sugar theace to
Ijelaware Breskwatfr at S6.
• The barkentine Irmgird return* to Hono
lulu with seneral carro.
Exports for Ila^rnil.
* The. steamer Alameda. which sailed on Eat
* urday Tor Honolulu, had an assorted merchan
-A*l«e canto, valued at $209,773 end including
th* following:
140 bbla flour. 108,500 lbs rice, 6468 lbs
tc&as. 2* cUs wheat, 2327 lbs middlings. 62*0
ib» bran, 60 ctl* barley, 116 ctis corn. 1E.745
lb»S9 ci trslllinurre. 1979 pkgs fresh frulU, 139
tkx» freeh vefetajjle*, 1C27 pkg« not*to««. J4»
tiU oaioca, 12U lbs carlic. U.23C lbs but-
ter, C 394 lbs 3 cs cheese, 22 cs eggs, 118 okis
prepared fish. 137 pkgs groceries and provisions,
25 cs table Dreparations, 5 cs dressed poultry.
« cs tremh oysters, 6318 Us dried fish, 40.030
lbs malt. 6356 lbe 10 cs candy. « pkss olives,
2 cs honey, 3220 lbs 1 cs fresh meat. 20.490
lbs lard. 2000 lbs mess bett, 2030 lbs zlucose.
600 lbs coffee. 20.199 lbs «=upar, 4593 lbs 14
pkgs tea, 72 cs f«alad oil. 802 lbs ralMns, 14.253
lbs ham and bacon. 1470 lbs dried fruit. 3SS
bxs Daste. 2444 lbs nuts, 15.547 lbs bread, 532
cs canned goods. SO cs salmon. 51 bbls 24 half
bbls cickled salmon. 5.W4 cals SS cs wine,
873 tals 30~ cs whisky, 32 cs liquors. 102 pals
46 cs eln, 109 gals brandy, 352 gals sDlrits,
23 cs mineral water, S cs champasne, 2 cs
alcohol, 306 pkgs> dry goods. 230 c» boots and
shoes, S5 cs hats and caps. 11.952 lbs to
bacco. 74 cs cigars and cigarettes, 11 cyjs am
monia. 33 bdls wire. 17 pkgs bicycles and sun
dries. 04 cs arms and ammunition. 80 bales
paper bag*. 82ft pkg« pan*- 54 pkgs nails. 116
e» paints, 30 pcs 4 os pipe, 271 pkgs drugs and
sundries, 73 bdls brooms, 2 automobiles. 2
pk«s automobile parts. 60 bdls 45 bars iron.
33 bars steel 2.V0 lbs zinc. 32 bales twine,
25 pkgs machinery, 64 colls rope, 2000 lbs
bronze, 1000 lbs tin plate, 2000 lbs tin, 7C07 I
lbs copper. 70 pkgs rubber goods, 39 rolls 1 co ,
leather. 2S pkge electrical goods. 2330 lbs j
black lead 25 bbls 156 cs oils, 2142 lbs soda, \u25a0
43 bxa seao. 372 bdls shocks, 3 bdls oars, 31'S
bxs candles. HIS bags sulphate of ammonia, |
44 bdla roofing material. 3 crts sewins ma- |
chines, 19t;4 lbs opium, 1 horse. ,
The steamer Enterprise called on Saturday
for Hilo and Honolulu with cargo valued at I
$71,014. The following were the principal |
shipments: j
093 bbls flour, 4922 gals wine. 53 gals eln, |
90 casks beer, 15 cs •whisky. 1026 gals vine- i
Z&r. 33.000 lbs rice, 5502 lbs sugar, 3»~O lbs ,
salt, «152 lbs 8 cs millstuffs, 80,437 lbs bran. |
18.261 lbs middlings, 1865 lbs shorts, 2C55 >
bales hay, 309 ctls wheat. 4923 ctls barley, 94 ;
ct!s oats. 1M ctls corn. 14.6G7 lbs beans, C 24 |
pkffs potatoes, 106 pkg9 onions, 411 pkgs fresh |
fruits, 11 pkgs fresh vegetables, 525 lbs ear- i
lie, 3557 lb« fresh meats. 9 cs frozen oysters,
270 lb« hops, iXXI c» canned Roods, 3C44 lbs
dried fish. 46 c* table preparations, 54 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 4112 lbs candy, 1340
lbs 3 c* dried fruit. 521 lbs raisins, 25*0 lbs
nuts. 200 bxs paste, 10,510 lbs lard, 4746 lbs
ham and bacon, S3 cs ealmon, 67 bbls 47 half
bbls rlcklcd salmon, 3921 lbs butter. 1500 lbs
coffee. 23 cs 2 bbls baking powder, 12,355 lbs
IS2 cs bread. 10 cs salad oil. 4CO lbs 1 cr
chocolate. 10.C20 lbs codfish, 2C09 lbs 9 cs
cliseae. 360 lbs tea. 2 cs olives, 20,627 lbs
soda, 525 cs coal oil, 230 bdls shooks, 12 bxs
nails, 25.000 lbs sulphur, 4 cs powder, 017,445
lbn fertilizer, 156 cs soap, 8 bdls brooms, 111
cs candies, C 7 pkgs dry goods. 25 ca boots and
phoes. 6 crts sewing machines. 24 cs drues,
45 gks coal. 117 pkrs wagon material. 6 bales
twine, 12 cs turpentine, 15 bble 20 cs assorted
oils, 70 coil* rope, 6 bdls leather, 116 pk«rs
paper, 2888 lbs tobacco, 4 cs cigars, 43 pkrs
wire. 14 bdls 2 bars iron. 4 fcdls steel, 3 ukrs
machinery. 74 pkrs acid.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. j'* : - From. | Due.
Acme Willapa Harbor [Dtc. 27
Ttllus Nanaimo (Dec. 27
F. Kilburn... - Portland & Way Ports. : Dec. 27
Coptic China & Japan |Dec. 27
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports Dec. 27
Homer Portland & Astoria Dec. 27
ElUaboth Coqullle River Dec. 27
Chas. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma .... Dec. 28
Porno I Point Arena & Albion. Dee. 28
Santa Rosa... j San Diego & Way Pts.'Dec. 28
Curacao j Mexican Ports jDec. 29
Pomon* I Humboldt Dec. 29
Coos Bay 1 San Pedro & Way Pts. Dec. 29
Senator Portland & Astoria. .. .| Dec 30
Denderah 'Seattle .'Dec. 30
Jeanie S Los Angeles Ports iDec. 30
S. Monica ! San Pedro ]Dec. .50
Arctic .' i Humbolat (Dec. 31
S«-a Foam. .. .' Mendoclno & Pt. ArenaiDec. 31
Ereakwater . . .' Cocs Bay j Dec. 31
Corona i Humboldt 'Jan. 1
M. F. Plant... \u25a0 Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.'Jan. 1
Centralla (Grays Harbor Jan. 1
City Puebla. . -| Puget Sound Ports jjan. 1
State Call ! San Diego & Way Pts.iJan. 1
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts.. Jan. 2
I'eru New York via Ancon.. Jan. 2
Ccronado Grays Harbor Jan. 2
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. .IJan. 2
Aurella Portland & Astoria 'Jan. 3
Columbia Astcria & Portland 'Jan. 4
North Fork... Humboldt jJan. 4
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan |Jan. 5
Nebraskan Honolulu & Kahului. . .|Jan. 8
Umatilla j Puget Sound Ports |Jan. «
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails j Pier.
December 27. j
I Newport... Los Angeles Ports. 3 pmiPier 5
Chico Coos Bay 3 pmjPier 5
Elizabeth.. Coquiil" River 1 spm Pier 20
M. F. Plant Coos Bay j 4 pm]Picr 11
Sea Foam.. Point Arena 4 pmiPier 2
Arctic Humboldt 1 9 amjPier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay 5 pm.Pier 8
December 2S. i I
Acme Willapa Harbor ...| 3 pm!Pler 2
lac.ua Willapa Harbor ...| 9 am. Pier 2
Corona Humboldt |l:3opPier 9
State of Cal I Pan Diego & Way. 9 am' Pier 11
BcnlUt I Newport & Way.. 9 am' Pier 11
N. Fork I Humboldt 9 am! Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amjPler 24
Mariposa...! Tahiti direct 11 amlPlcr 7
Nevadan... Hono & Kahului... 3 pmiPier 23
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 2 pmiPier 10
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor .... 1 pmjPier 2
December 29. I |
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor I 4 pm 'Pier 20
F. Kilburn. Portland & Way... 2 pmiPier 20
Redondo Astoria &. Portland|l2 m|Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt | 9am|Pler 5
Decemlter 30. | j
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor i 4 pm Pier 2
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
Korea China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
San Juan... N. Y. via Ancon.'. 12 miPler 40
Jeanie Astoria & Portland. 5 pmjPier S
December 31. | |
Fanta Itosa San Diego & Way.) 9am!Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt l:3op|Pier 9
Chas Nelson Seattle & Taeoma.! 5 pm'PUr 20
Queen Puget Sound Ports'll am|Pier 9
January I. | I
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.| 9 am] Pier 11
t January 2. I
South Bay.. Portland & Astoria] 4 pm!Pier 27
Senator.... Astoria & Portland|ll am; Pier 24
January 3. I |
Denderah... Hamburg & Way..|l2 miPler 19
January 4. | |
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pt».| 2 pmiPier 7
January 5. | I
Rainier Seattle & Berham.|l2 miPler 10 }
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports|ll amjPler 9 j
January 6. ( I
Aurella J Astoria & Portland] 5 pmiPier 27
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.
Oregon Valdez & Seward Dec. 27
Jefferson Fkagrvay & Way Ports. Dec. 31
Santa Clara... Reward & Way Ports... Jan. 1
Farallon...:..' Ekayway & Way Ports. Jan. «
Time. Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
Tuesday, December 26.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building: was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. 8. N., in charge.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coa*t and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
THE .SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1905.'
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S
LINERS SIERRA AND VENTURA
PASSING IN MIDOCEAN. \u25a0
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 27.
Sun rises 7=247 = 24
sun sets I!!!!!!!!!*!!! "4 !b9
Moon seta 6:38 p. m.
9 iTinial iTime! Time' iTimej
t J Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
* H XV \ [l W| Hwf JL W|
27 if-02 4.8 6:35! '2.9111:38 6.2 6:331—1.0
2S 1:49 4.9,6:28 3.-0 12:27 5.8 7:16— 0.7
29 2:35 4.9 7:24 3.1 1:19 5.3 8:01—0.3
30 3:20 8.0 8:28 3.0 2:17 4.9 1 8:43 0.2
31 4:02 5.1 9:40 2.9 3:18 4.4 9:29 0.8
1 5:00 5.1 10:45 2.8| 4:22 3.7llO:2O 1.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the. tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
ccidltion to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, December 26.
btmr Corona, Gielow, 23 hours from Eureka
Stmr Del Norte, Payne, 37 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr O C Llndauer, Allen. 85 hours' from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr yewbunr, Johnson, 97 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Jeanie. Wood. 9 days from Portland,
via Astoria, bound south, called in to land
passenrers.
Stmr Whittler, Dickson, from. Portland, up
river direct.
Stmr Aberdeen. Ahlstrom, 96 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Ship Berlin, Fry, 17 days from Tacoma.
Tue Relief, Marshall, 15 hours from Monte
rey, with schr Santiago in tow.
Kchr Aloha, Dabel, 24 days from Honolulu.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 3 hours from
Bollnas.
Schr Santiago, Anderson. 15 hours from
Monterey, in tow tug Relief.
Bark J D Peters, McNaught. 20 days from
Tacoma,
Bark R P Rlthet, McPhail. 20 daya from
Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, December 26.
Stmr Umatilla, Nonander, Victoria; P C
S S Co.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; P C S S
Co. .
Stmr Costa Rica, Kldston, Astoria: S F &
P S S Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, December 26.
Stmr Francis H Leggett. Reiners. Eureka.
Stmr Newsboy. Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander. Seattle.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka.
Stmr Marshfleld. Dettmere, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Costa Rica, Kidston, Portland, via As
toria.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hall. . Monterey, etc.
£tmr Cascade, Jorgenson. Portland.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. Halfmoon Bay,
Stmr Jeanie Wood, San Pedro.
Schr Newark, Jahns«n, Bixbys Landing.
Schr Mary C, CamDbell, Bodega.
Bartre 3, Daniels. Port Harford. In tow tue
Sea Rover.
DIS ASTF*R
Schr Jennie Stella, from Fort Bragg, via
La Paz. is ashore near Navidad; will crob
ably be total loss; crew saved.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec. 26 — 10 p. m. — Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 2(J— Stmr Alliance,
from Astoria; stmr Vancuard, hence Dec 25;
stmr Eureka, hence Dec 24; stmr Rival, from
Redondo.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Dec 25— Schr Eric
from Portland; schr Melrose, from Willaoa
Harbor; schr S T Alexander, from Grays Har
bor; schr Nokomis, from Everett.
Sailed Dec 25 — Schr Resolute, for Grays Har-'
bor. Dec 24— Bktn Makawell, for Port Town
send.
Arrived Dec 26— Bark Gardiner City, from
Grays Harbor: bktn J M Griffith, from Port
Hadlock.
Arrived Dec 25 — Schr Ksoada, from Grays
Hcrbor: schr Dora Bluhm, from Grays Har
bor; schr Meteor, from Port Hadlock.
Arrived Dec 25 — Stmr San Pedro, from Re
dondo; 6tmr Santa Monica, from Port Los An
geles; bktn Retriever, from Port Hadlock: schr
Stlmson, from Ballard; stmr Mandalay, hence
Dec 24.
Sailed Dec 25 — Schr Lucy, for Unjpqua
River.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 25— Stmr Alaskan,
hence Dec 22. \u25a0
UMPQUA RlVER— Arrived Dec 22— Schc
Sadie, from San Pedro.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Dec 25— Power
schr Argus, from San Pedro; stmr Coos Bay,
hence Dec 24.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 25 — Ger stmr Dende
rah, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 25—^Fr bark Grande Duchesse
Olra, hence Dec IC.
ASTORIA — Arrived Dec 26-r-Schr Virginia,
hence Dec 19.
Arrived Dec 26 — Tug Defiance, with »chr
Monterey In tow, henca Dec • 21. \
VALDEZ — Arrived Dec 25— Stmr Santa Ana,
from Seattle. . . :
JUNEAU— SaiIed Dec 25 — Stmr Jefferson, for
Seattle.
p;VERETT— Arrived Dec 26— Schr Taurus,
from San Dieeo.
PORT LUDLOW — Sailed Dec 26— Bark Al
bert, for Hilo. ' ,
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 26— Stmr James
S Hlgglns, from San Francisco. ,
REDONDO — Arrived Dec 24 — Schr W. F.
Jewett. from Astoria.
I PORT HARFORD — Arrived' Dec 26 — Stmr
1 Bon it a. from San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 2ti — Schr Argus, for Eureka; etmr
Coos Bay, Tor San Pedro
ISLAND PORTS.
I HONOLULU— Arrived , Dec 26— Br ship.Dum
friesshire, from Leith; O S.rtmr Lawton,
hence D«c 18. » . ' . . .
HlLO— Arrived Dec 24— Bark St. Katberlne,
hence Dec 7. : \u25a0 < .
MANILA— Sailed Dec 25— Bktn Koko Head,
for Port Townsend. . : -'.\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Deo 26— Stmr AlH
anca. from Colon. - • ,• *
Arrived Dec 23— Br Btmr, Lowther Castle,
from Yokohama.
BOSTON— Arrived Dec 24— Br stmr Hostl*
leus, from Buenos Ayres. -.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Dec
23 — Schr Nimbus, from Philadelphia, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HOLYHEAD— Arrived Deo 23— Br bark C&r
adog, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
LONDON — Arrived Dec 25V-Br Btmr Ma
ctaon, from : Tacoma. ' •:
PUNTA ARENAS— Arrived — - — Ger etmr
Uarda. from Hamburg, . for San Francisco. \u0084
FLUSHING— Passed Dec- 22— Br ship
Tweedsdale, from Antwerp, for- San Francisco.
HAMBURG— In Dort Dec 9— Ger ship Lls
beth, for . . - . v^
COLON— Sailed Dec 19-i-Stror AUianca." for
New York,
Weather Reyort.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRAJJCISCO, Dec. 26— 5 ,p. m.
The following: maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 30-26 New York ......34-26
Chicago 34-2S Philadelphia 30-32
Cincinnati 40-26 Plttsburg 30-24
Honolulu^. "8-72 St. Louis 48-36
Jacksonville 52-40 Washington 40-26
New Orleans f>2-40
SAN FRANCISCO 56-46
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This last
Stations — 24 hours. Season, i Season.
Kureka 0.43 8.53 13.33
Red Bluff 0.06 2.67 12.10
Sacramento Trace 1.56 8.23
San Francisco ..... 0.06 2.56 0.63
San Jose 0.06 3.1« 6.38
Fresno 0.00 1.26 5.31
Independence 0.00 0.43 0.45
San Luis Oblspo ... O.UO .2.12 4.96
Los Angeles 0.00 3.11 1.90
San Diego Q.QQ 4.41 1.82
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. § jjfgg ff ;|R I
I I -;5 c, : a : \u25a0 §
Baker 30.08 36 20 S Pt.Cldy .14
Eureka 30.28 52 50 SW Cloudy .43
i Fresno 30.26 52 34 SE Cloudy .00
I Flagstaff 2i».&0 46 — I W Pt.Cldy .00
I Independence .30.00 54 20 N Cloudy .00
Los Angeles ..29.9S 70 4S SW Clear .00
ML Tamalpa!s.3o.2.'» 60 47 NW Foggy .13
Phoenix 29.90 68 -32 E Clear 00
Point Reyes ..30.18 54 50 NW Cloudy .0+
Po^tello 30.02 30 10 SW Clear .01
Portland 29.96 43 44 SW Cloudy .20
Red Bluff 30.28 44 38 NE Cloudy .06
Reno rt.i3o.<H 62 38 NW Clear «T.
Roseburg 30.14 52 44 SW Pt.Cldy .50
Sacramento ..30.28 40 40 NE Cloudy T
Salt L*ke ...30.02 34 22 NW Pt.Cldy .16
San Francisco. 3o. 24 56 46 W Pt.Cldy .06
San Jose 30.24 54 38 NW Cloudy .00
S. L. 0b15p0.. 30.20 06 50 W Ctear .00
San Diego 30.02 6S 48 W Clear .00
Seattle . ..:. -.20. 92 48 42 S Rain .54
Spokane .'..29.94 38 32 SW Cloudy .18
Walla Wa11a.. 29. 98 52-40 S Cloudy .12
Winnemucica 7.30.12 38 22 SW Cloudy -.12
Yuma .. . .29.94 W 40 3 Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS *AND GENERAIi
\u25a0 . FORECAST.
A moderate disturbance has moved southward
over the Rocky Mountain section and been at
tended by rain or snow In Northern California
and Nevada. Light rain has fallen in Cali
fornia north of San Jose.
The indicatlona are that the weather will I
be generally fair Wednesday over most of
California.
FORECAST FOR DECEMBER 27.
San Francisco and, vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; light northwest winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; southerly winds, changing to northerly.
Sacramento Valley — Cloudy Wednesday; light
north winds.
San Joaquin Valley — Cloudy Wednesday;
light north winds.
Coast— Cloudy Wednesday, light west winds.
. Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday; possibly light
snow. A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
GREENOCK— SaiIed Dec 22— Br ship Car
narvon Bay, for Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE, Aus. — In port Dec 4— Ship
Great Admiral, for Guaymas; Fr bark Pierre
Antonia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 25 — Ship Alex Gibsson, from Al
goa Bay.
HlOGO— Sailed Dec 19— Nor etmr Otta. for
San Francisco.
VICTORIA— SaiIed Dec 26— Br stmr. Croy
don. for Yokohama.
Sailed Dec 26— Br stmr Empress of Japan,
for Hongkong. '
Sailed Dec 26 — Br stmr Empress 0/ India,
for Hongkong,: and not Empress of Japan.
Arrived Dec 26 — Norstmr Reldar, hence. Dec
22, for Nanaimo. •
CHEM*AINUS— SaiIed Dec 23— Bark Emily
Reed, for Sydney.
Sailed Dec 23— Ship Emily Reed, for Sydney.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Dec 25— Stmr Peru, - for
San Francisco. Dec 20— Stmr City of Panama,
for Ancon. .
Arrived Dec 25— Br stmr Hounslow, from
Victoria, and sailed same day for \u25a0-.-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Dec 26 — Stmr Noor
dam, from Rotterdam; Btmr Mesaba, from Lon
don: stmr Cfskar ll, 'from Christiansand.
AMSTERDAM — Arrived Dec 24 — Stmr Am
steldyk, from Newport News.
NAPLES — Arrived Dec 25 — Stmr Nord Amer.
Ika, from New York, via Fayal.
BOULOGNE— SaiIed Dec 23 — Stmr Staten
dam, from Rotterdam, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 20— Stmr Lauren
tlan, from Philadelphia, via St. Johns, N F;
stmr Tunisian, from St. John and Halifax.
Dec 23 — Stmr Devonian, from Boston.
Sailed Dec 24 — Stmr Sestrlan, for Boston.
Memoranda.
Per stmr Aberdeen — Dec 26, saw casoline
boat, with cover on, drifting in between the
heads. No occupants.
Per Bhla Berlin, from Tacoma Dec 26 — Had
succession of SW gales for seven days.
P«r tue Relief— Saw ship between the heads
and two barks off the llzhtshlp.
VICTORIA. Dec. 26.— 8r Btmr Dulwlck was
stranded during a gale this morning at Es
qulmalt; she was floated at high tide, with
no apparent damage.
Per bark J D Peters, from Tacoma Dec 26—
Had SE gales and heavy weather for 10 daysi
from thence to port light winds and calms.
DEATH MAY CLAIM
VICTIM OF WRECK
Woman Hurt in Street Car
Accident in Serious
Condition.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 26— Mrs. E. H.
Galusha, .76 Carondelet .street, one » of
the , seventy-seven victims of the , street
car wreck Sunday night, may die. s The
other victims of the accident are re
ported improved to-day. Probably the
largest , proportion of victims of any
wreck made claims for damages and
in the' quickest time \in this case, for/
of the seventy-seven; Injured,, seventy
two . have filed claims. «; Although. it.' Is
evident 'that .the; magnet brake on the
runaway car either , was >1 defective or
was not used, Superintendent Akin' of
-the Los Angeles Railway Company has
not changed ,hlsi views,. which are that
it, will be impossible for, anybody \to
decide the cause of the wreck on ac
count' of ; the demolished condition of
the machinery of the cars. .
Costly • Fire at Itloantaln View.
SANJOSE, Dec/. 26.— The drug store
and paint store .of th^ D. D. : Johnson
Drug Company at Mountain View;wcre
bothj'burnedjlastnlght'and. adjoining
buildings damaged. Total loss,; $7000.
Insurance". J2OOO. ,
SLAYS A WOMAN
AND KILLS SELF
Jealous 3lan Murders His
Sweetheart and Sends Two
Bullets Into His Own Body
THREE SHOTS ABE FIBED
Shooter Expires Within Few
Hours After Death Claimed
the Victim of His Frenzy
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 26.— News reach
ed* here to-day, that while in a fit of
frenzied jealousy Ralph Hlggrins shot and
killed his sweetheart Midget Dickey and
ended his own life in a road house near
Tehachapl. Hlggins entered the road
house about midnight and went at once
to the woman's room. About an hour
later three shots were heard. The pro
prietor found the woman lying in a pool
of blood on the floor with a bullet wound
below tho heart. A few feet away lay
her slayer with a revolver in his hand
and two wounds in the left side. The
woman died while being placed on the
bed. Higgins expired eight hours later.
Higgins was well known in the desert
country. •
LIGHTS OF BENO PUT
OUT BY CHUNKS OF ICE
Christmas Services Stopped
Because of the -I.
Darkness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Dec. 26.— Reno was plunged in
darkness for several hours Christmas
night, as a result of the blocking of the
machinery of the light company at a sub
stution situated on the Truckee River by
large chunks of Ice. Business houses were
forced to close and Christmas exercises
were delayed on account cf the darkness.
A serious accident was narrowly averted
by the prompt action of streetcar em
ployes. The power failed just at the
time a streetcar was crossing the South
ern Pacific track. By means of crowbars
and the assistance of passengers the car
was rolled from the crossing just as the
fatt train dashed by. ,
JUDGE IS FRIGHTENED
BY WITNESS' ACTION
Calls Bailiff to Arrest -Man
Who Leaves Stand in
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 26.— John Suhr re
fused to answer questions In the Superior
Court this morning and when ordered to
do so by Judge Seawell rammed his hands
into his coat Dockets as if to get a
weapon. No officer was present, but one
was hurriedly summoned and Suhr was
sent to jail for contempt. The court' di
rected the Sheriff to keep a deputy in the
room hereafter -when .court was in ses
sion. His Honor declared afterward that
he believed Suhr intended to shoot him or
the plaintiff. No weapon was found on
Suhr.
MATROX OF SOXOMA COUNTY
HOSPITAL GOES TO XEW POST
Keßiuna ami Accents Position With
United States Marine Hospital
Service in Central America. ;-;i?
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 26. — Miss Vera
Richmond, who has been matron of
the Sonoma County HosDital for a
number of years, has resigned to ac
cept a position in the United States
Marine Hospital service in Central
America. She is a very competent
nurse and her resignation has been
accepted with deep regret. Miss Rich
mond is a sister of J. K. Richmond,
editor of the Hanford Sentinel, and
she will spend some weeks there be
fore leaving, for her far away post of
duty. Her post here has been filled
by the selection of Miss Ida Lasswell
as matron.
FIVE-YEAR-OLD BOY STRUCK
AXD KILLED BY A TRAIN
Engine Hits Ladj an He .Make* At
tempt to Cro.HH Track .Vc;ir
. Fresno.
FRESNO, Dec. 26.— Wardie L. My
ers, a boy of five years, was killed
by the overland express of the Santa
Fe at 10:40 o'clock this morning. The
boy was crossing: the track about four
miles southeast of Fresno when he
was struck. His ~ body '--was thrown
from the track after one wheel had
crushed his head. The engineer ' went
on, not knowing that he had struck
any one. The boy was the, son of Bert
F. Myers, a well-known rancher.
FACTORY UIVROOFED AXD OTHER
BUILDINGS DAMAGED BY \VIXD
Stiff Gnle From the Sonthwest Does
Considerable Harm in
Victoria.
VICTORIA,. B. C, Dec. 26. — Consid
erable damage was done In Victoria
and vicinity by a heavy southwest gale
this morning. The roof of a furniture
factory was torn off and, fences Were
blown down. The Government wires
at Vancouver Island were also blown
down. ' The storm was accompanied
by an electrical disturbance, some
thing unusual in this locality.
Committed to Asylum.
MODESTO. Dec. 26.— W. M. Coward,
an Insane real estate dealer, was com
mitted to the Stockton asylum this aft
ernoon. Coward ran amuck at Tur
lock and stabbed a constable.
MEN'S DISEASES CURED FOR ||?,50
j^i||§|k VARICOCBLB,
X STRiCTURE,
JPMiS* ' Jli Loss of Vital Power,
uL* ®8v C° nta £' ous Blood pQison
}oi2&L\ i~S AM) ALL CIIROMC AXD MCAf
TT^TV- >ip. -SPECIAL DISEASES OF iVi SZ IV
/fm^. Feeling that there may be some afflicted
MMa»^RAre|M^ men who have heretofore thought themselves
Nssg unable to take our treatment, we have decided
«62j£— ""^18/ *S -^» to make this special offer and place OUR
;Our>est Reference Is SERVICES WITHIN REACH OF ALL. Our
Not .a Dollar Need B« terms to tliose who begin treatment, with us
nH PII HOLSMM II & d co during the month of DECEMBER will be
\u25a0£* M^tet *%tv s. FV r : TWELVE DOLLARS AND FIFTY' CENTS
. f Consultation Free. f or a cure of any disease mentioned in this an-
nouncement. THOSE BEGINNING TREATMENT WHO DESIRE
MAYiPAY.THIS AMOUNT ONLY AFTER THEY ARE. CURED.
TID LJni CM Ali 9 OH Hours — 8 t«> 5 . 7 tQ B Dally; Sundays. oto 12.
UKi nULoIfIAM & UUi 729 Market St. [fop floor] S. F.
. ... IF.yYOU.'. CANNOT CALL. WRITE ItEGARDIIVG. TREATMENT. '
FINDS BROTHER
MENTAL WRECK
Sacrament an" Who Disap
peared Fifteen Years Ago
Is Located in Portland, Or.
WIFE IS WEDDED AGAIN
Unfortunate Man, of Whom
Nothing Was Heard for
Long Time, Is Taken Home
PORTLAND. Dec. 2G. — Fifteen years
ago Herbert C. Kwing. a prosperous
and influential man, disappeared mys
teriously from Sacramento, leaving: a
wife and two children. To-day he is
on a Southern Pacific train bound
homeward in charge of a brother, F. C.
Ewing: of Yuma* Ariz., poor and broken
in mental and physical health. Herbert
C. Bwlng came to this city about
twelve years ago and engaged in the
contracting business. Litter he inter
ested himself In politics and was ap
pointed to the Police Department of the
city.. He served in the department un
til a year or so ago, when he was dis
missed. His health was such that he
could do no work and when a friend of
his brother, who visited the Lewis and
Clark Exposition, happened upon him
he was in a pitiful condition. F. C
Ewing was told of his brother's plight
and came here to care for him.
What caused Ewinp to leave Sacra
mento cannot be learned. Every ef
fort to trace- him proved futile and, be
lieving- him dead, his wife married an
other, but Ewing is goini? home to hl3
children and to. spend his remaining
days with them at the California cap
ital.
PREACHER OF SELMA
.HONORED BY ""VETS"
Offered Presidency of Asso
ciation Organized to Erect
Big Memorial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SELMA, Dec. 26.— The Spanish-Ameri
can Memorial Association, recently or
ganized in Cleveland, Ohio, has tendered
the position of president of the organiza
tion to Rev. S. J. McConnell of this city,
formerly chaplain of the Fifth Ohio
Volunteers. The offer came as a Christ
mas, surprise, and as the position carries
with it a salary of $2*300 a year, it is quite
acceptable to the parson. The associa
tion is organized for the purpose of build
ing a memorial in Washington, D. C, to
the honored dead of the Spanish-Ameri
can war. The memorial will be unique,
an exact reproduction of the battleship
Maine, which was blown up in Havana
harbor on February 15, 1896. It will be
of steel. 318 feet long, 57 feet wide and
21 feet in depth. The interior will con
tain a magazine, shell rooms, etc.
WANT STATE FARM
IN SONOMA COUNTY
Commission Will Be Offered
Site on Mark West
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 26.— Steps are be
ing taken here to offer the State com
mission charged with the selection of a
site for the university farm a tract of
570 acres on Mark West Creek, north of
this city, the property of W. E. Wolsey
and Charles Talmadge. There are 220
acres of bottom land in the tract. The
rest is hilly. There is no richer land in
the State and on it are some $30,000 worth
of improvements, beside all the farming
implements required to run the place.
The creek would furnish all the water
needed for irrigation.
MOXTEUEY 31 AY 88.31AD8
PORT OF ENTRY BY COXGRESS
Measure Providing Cuatoma-Houae for
the Old Capital In to Be In
troduced. ,v v..
MONTEREY", "Dec. 26. — A measure
will be introduced at this session of
Congress to have Monterey created a
port of entry and clearance. Congress
man Julius Kahn and Senator George
C. Perkins will bring the matter be
fore Congress. Information to this ef
fect has been received here by Wil
liam Matson, president of the Coallnga
Oil Transportation Company. A Cus
toms-house is needed here in order to
have the oil ships of the Coalinga
Company clear without going to San
Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST SAVINGS
SOCIETY SUES FOR LARGE SU3I
Alleges Fraud In Action Brought
Against the Estate of Former
Director.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 26. — Alleging
that George Easton.- deceased: C. S.
Benedict, Wendell Easton and Harry
Francis, while directors of the Pacific
Coast Savings Society, used their offi
cial position to make fraudulent loans
on property that they knew to be In
sufficient security or worthless, tho
Savings Society has filed a suit to re
cover $47,200, with interest, from, the
estate of Easton.
Stranded Vessel Is Floated.
VICTORIA, B. C.{ Dec. 26. — The
steamship 1 Dalwick, stranded during
the gale this morning at Esqulmalt,
was floated at high tide without ap
parent Injury.
You do not' lift another's burden by
treating it lightly.
ADVEKTISEMEXTS.
For 33 Years
Shiloh*3 Consumption ' Cure, the Luna
Tonic,' has been before the public, ana
this, together with the fact that its tales
. have steadily increased year by year, tstitt
best proof of the merit of
as a core for Coughs, Colds, and all
\u25a0diseases cf the lungs and an passages.
Those who have used Shilob. would not
be without it. Those who have never
used it should know that every bottle is
told with a pcc&ve guarantee that, if it
doesn't cure you. the dealer will refund
what you paid for it. Shilob
thousands of the most obstinate cases of
Coughs, Colds and Lung troubles. Let it
cure you.
**! thir.k your Suloh's Consumption Cere ij tfw
greatest medicine ever discovered. My baby, who
is now ni.irly two yean eld, was brought up on
Shiloh. and a f alter baby or a healthier one cannot
be found. If be ii croupy at night or has a cough
cc cold, one or two doses always relieve* him. 1
'would not be without a boitlr. of Shiloh'i in my
house for many times the price of it. It ha* saved
me many doctor's bilk— Mrs. J. B. Martin.
Huntwilk.Ala."
SHILOH
'25c with guarantee at all druggists.
Sold by THE OWI. DRUG CO.. 112S
Market at. and 80 Geary st.
I THE \f]
Los Angeles Times I
SAX FRAXCISCO OFFICE 1
IS NOW IN II
Room 41, Chronicle Bids*
Telephone Main 1473. A
Arthur L. Fish, Representative \
The Times is the advertising: 9
medium of the Southwest. y
A visit DR. JORDAN'S wut|
Shuseum of anatomy^
\ HrT T*«Larj«it lnntiMßts*! Uo»«* la tti* V
A - jL; WozH. Wukacuca ar soy ••aeraaitd A
V <S3? SbSl <>!»-••'• P«Mil»l»»l7«ur«d St U« *l4«n 7
£ rsSSjll SpwliUu oa U« Cout. KicM J«*r*. q
A Jgs?A DR. JOmH-CISEASES OF UVA , i
\ 9&s!f&yl< CoB«lt»tl»a ft** *al irri«tl» pHvat*.
Q I jtS\i£ H Triitam pcrM-iilly «r b» Intar. A . I
\A ]y s?t X ffUiw «r» \m im; 8—» aatotafcw. I
iff ll » Writ* Or Boar. pntOHm af, I
r• ij \\^ ntttnitGE. M.'.atp nxx. vi
\ Ir- Xr »»>i«i>l» ka*k far smb.) ,
7 DB. JUBI>AN*CO M loSlM»Tk«tSk..ar. <
E551 CMICHESTEH'S CNOLISH
Pehnyroyal pills
rl •^St'^V Original stud Only Uenuta«.
P^-'JTTsVt^VATE. AI»«7«T«li»blo l.oillc. w Orricrlit
i.j( &Si f « CIUCUKSTEIfS KNGLIHH
K^4^'«K^ la KEl> m 4 Void n*t«Uis box**. «ni«l
Cv rr->* .W ' lu > Urn riSboo. Take \u25a0• «ti«r. JUfea*
if) *S» WVJ Datctnai «mb.tlt»U»»« aa4 Imltaf
I / ~ fTT tloa». Bay or jojr Druuui. or —m 4 -to. te
I *•» Jf *U*ip* »r Particular*. ToatiaioaUU
\V* J? »ad •• R el! ?ffo r Lad 1 «*," in IKMr, by r*.
A A tur» M»I1. 1 •,•*)« TwtißMßiala. SaidM
«a»Uw tola paa«r. M.dJ.o. i>«.*r«, rULi, FjC
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEASNT ST. Establish »>cl
lit 1»34 for the treatment of I'rlvatu
Diseases. Ix>»t Manhoot!. Debility or
tispas* wearing on body and mln<l and
Ui;r«vt The Doctoreur*»wli«a
others fn!i. Try him. ('baryta low.
<urf«',naraßtffd. CuHorwri o.
Dr. J. F- 61DBON. aaa Fra^iaco. CaL
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAKA BITTERS. THB
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Eept. 323 Market.
; ia/. x. he'ss,
Xotary Public and Attnrney-«t-Law,
Tenth Flocr, Room 1013, Claus Spreckels bMg.,
Telephone Main 953.
Residence, ISO 2 McAllister St.
Residence Telephone Page 5641.
OCEA.V TRAVEL.
Steamer* lea?« Plen 9
/fi^-^SS. and "• San rraacUeo.
/^gl \iy\ For Ketchikan. Wrang»l.
/^/ wW***i \"\ Juneau. Treadwell, Haines.
{ Y*KSL I 1 s '"agway. etc.. Alaska— ll a.
\ \ \W»«!^/ j m.. Dec. 21. 26. 31. Jan. 3
\jj>\ \\ *Cff Change to this company's
Vys»_^<y steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vanocuver.
""^ Port Town»er.d. Seattl*. Ti-
coma. Everett. Anacortes. South Belilnsrham.
BelUngham— ll a. in.. Dec. 21, 2«, 31. Jan. v\
Change at Seattle to this company's steame:*
for Alaska and G. N\ Ry., at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at VancouTer to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Foraona. 1:3 »
p. m.. Dec. 26, 31. Jan. 8; Corona. 1 :3:»
p. m., Dec. 22. 23. Jan. 3.
For LO3 Argeles (via Port Lea Angelas aaJ
Redondo). San Dleso and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
- For Lou Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme—
Coos Bar. 9 a. m.. Dec. 24. Jan. 1.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Dec. 20, 2S. Jan. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa,
lla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Tth each month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 100«— Th#
palatial Alaska excursion steamship SPOKANE
will leave Tacoma, Seattle and Victoria Juns
7. 21. July 5. 20. August 2.
For further information obtain folder. Rlsrhi
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — I Xew Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Office — 10 Market it.
Oakland — 952 Broadway.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Franclscow
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL S. S. CO.)
Steamer* will leave wharf, corner First 'and
Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for Tokohama and
Hongkong, calling at Honolulu. Kobe- (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S S "America Maru." 'Monday. Jan. 2». 1901
s' S. "Nippon Maru." Tuesday. Feb. 20, 190H
S S. "Hongkong Maru."Thursday. Mar.l 3. l'JOtl
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates.
For freight and passage apply at company's
office, seventh floor. Merchants' Exchange.
W. H. AVERT. \u25a0 A»t. General Manager.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec. 28. 11 a. m.
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
,'land and Sydney, Thursday. Jan. 4 2 p. m.
S." S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Saturday.
* Janusry 13. H *• n>-
j. a spiicms k beds, ca, wi mst oatcs sn
Marat FreiglLt oac3 327 Haflgi St., Pier 7 PaciHc st
Cuntpacnir Generale Trnnsatlantlque.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRB-PARI3
Salllnjc every Thursday instead of^JLlfififi
Saturday. 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton st.
Flrat-clasa to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. '32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAYAXD I.VTERPRBAX ROUTES.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD,
VALL^JO and NAPA
Nape* Valley Route
Monticello S. .S. Co. and Napa VaJl«y Elec-
tric R R- Co. - Close connections.
6—IIOrXW6 — IlOrXW TRirS DAILY — 6
Boats leave San Francisco 7:00. *9: 43 a. m.,
12:?>O noon. 3:15. 8:CO. »3:30 p. jsi-
- San Francisco landing and office.* . Pier 21
foot of Mission st.. one block south Markat>at. -
Ferry.- Meals a U carte. Poons 3JUIa UCi
•Lands Navy Yard direct.
1112
"LOOKING FOR A ROOM" IN THE "WANT*
rayjfc&Lij
JOHN' D. SPRECKEXfi Proprietor
Address Communications to ..'.;.
iIOIIV McXAUOHT Manager
*\\. J. MARTI X Business 3lanager
TELEPHONE.
' AfH Tor THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office.... Market and Third. 8. F.
££!tcrlal Rooma 217 to 221 Stevenaon et.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cte. Per TVee*. 78
. - CU. Per Month. Single Copies 8 Cts.
Terms by Mail Including Postage (Cash Wltn
Order): m
DXILT CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 r«« "- *\u2666? "22
•DAILY CALL (lr.clud. Sunday), « mos 4.W
DAILY CALL— By Single Month o«»co «»c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year ~-°*
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year LT
•„„_... f Daily ...SS.SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN j'£____ y .. 4.15 per Year Extra
\u25a0 POSTAGE, [weekly.. J.OO Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS" ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Bemple Ccpies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
" Mall subscribers in ordering change of ad-
dresi should be particular to r» v « I*> ta NEW
\u25a0 -A.N.D OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
\u25a0proitpt aafl correct compliance with their r«-
gueru
OAKLAND OFFICE:
X0l« Broadway Telephone Mala 1083
• .•• . ALAM _DA OFFICE:
1»85 Park etreet. Near Sasta Oar* Areim*.
Phose Alameda 559.
BERK—LEY OFFICE.
CiS Ceatar Street Telephone Nort— TT
' ' WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
M. E. CRANE 1406 G Strtet. N. ~ '.
NTW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TV ildorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 81
Un!os Sq-iere; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hfctel ana Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hcuae; P. O. Newa Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel ; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Maniuctte Building
(Long Dlstznce Telephone, "Central 2619.")
•' ' NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTETHEN B. BMITH 39 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CVRLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE ©I the Ban Francisco Call,
'omer Market and Third streets: open until
!2 o"clock every night In the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOCS Market etreet. oposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
SOd Montgomery aye.; open until 9 p. m.
200 Hayes street; open until 9:80 p. m.
•53* McAllister atreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:80 p. m.
11H1 Micefon ureet; open until 10 p. m.
206 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
30P6 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncen streets;
cpen until 9 x>. m.
£200 FlUtnor* street; open until 9 p. m.
«3U J etreet, near Ocean Boulevard; open
until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. _,
M.. will meet THIS (WEDNESDAY) yy
EVENING. December 27. at 7:30 /^\
©"clock. Installation of officers.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MISSION Lc<2fce No. IC9. F. afcd A. M. ®
[ Officers and members are hereby notl- v\f
fie<2 to attend the funeral of our de- /Sf\
c*aeed brother, MILBURN HILL
LOGAN from the hall of this lodge THURS-
DAY AFTERNOON at 1 o'clock. By order
. fiX the __. M. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
Ct>SMOrOLITAN Lodre No. IW, ~^SUS*b !
i O. O. h\ — Regular r:e«--:inK ii>_j^_!_|fr
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN-
ING. Visiting brothers welcome. "^*H*?lR*~
•VV. G. WITTMAN. N. G.
.CLO. R. DREVER, rice. Sec. •'' V
iiuRSE Lodge No. 257, I. O. O.
E.— lnitiation Tills t WEDNES- AsSSaHana
DAY) EVENING, December 3^_&JF_f_l
*A full attendance requested. Vis-
: itors cordially Invited.
. -C.BRIND. Recording Secretary*.
THEKE will be a meeting of tho y
• Knights of the Red Branch THIS |f _
.. (WKDNESDAY) EVENING at S vM£»
"" o'clock sharp. Business of import- tv
•". ance. By order of PRESIDENT.
AUSTRIAN Military a=d Benevolent *_^sy-«
Association— Meeting THIS (WED- _#«
'NESDAY) EVENING at 507 Sutler
st. Important business. Election of •'KB**
officers for coming year. All members are
" • requested to t* present.
' P. SAULOVICH. President.
M. J. RUSSELL. Secretary.
• JESSIE MACLACHLAN, the Scot- -sfja
.tieh pr.:..^ donna, assisted by \3^s
John McLlnden, the emiaent ceV.o V3S?M?L
. virtuoso, and Robert Buchanan. *^*W'*>JN
eolo pianist and conductor, under _S^t
the auspices of Clan Fra£*r No. . ** 3
. 7« O. 8. C. Native Sons' Hall. 41* Mason
St.. THURSDAY. Dec. 28. Change of .pro-
gramme Thursday night. Admission fAo, re-
served 6<?ata 51. COMMITTEE.
OFFICERS and members of the
Servian-Montenegrin L. and B. fiS
eoclety: You cxc requested to lJ?_L*
attend th* ccntlnaed ar.nual /£ iM^/_
meeting rex: FRIDAY EVEN- fflb^SUfl
INO. December r*.«, \u25a0<,• 7 :'.',o (JStiLisa
o'clock, at 414 Mafon Bt., Na- W'*ir??a
tive eor.s" building, Sierra Hall. Xg^OPtT
fifth floor. Amendments 1 to flffl j
tlie by-laws to be voted upon %_£>
Rnd other very important busi-
ness to be transacted! By order of
E. T. BALICH, President.
M. G. STANISICH. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the etockhrJdera cf
Welle. Fareo Nevada National Bank of Eaa
Francisco. Cal.. will be held at Its banklng-
hcuce SCI Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
Ca!.. OB TUESDAY. January 9. 1906. at 3:13
p. it., for the election of directors to serve
during the ensuing year. _jid for the trans-
action cf such other business aa may come
before the meeting.
F. L. LIPMAN. Secretary.
\ A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reeep-
tlcn of edverti!«ements and eub*,ertptlone has
been opened at 100S Market st.. opposite
Fifth. O&en until 11 p. m.
_^ ATTOItXEVS-AT-LAW.
DIVORCE: rost*, $12; quick, quiet; advice free;
no fee In advance; no charge ur.lers auccesc-
ful; open cvngs; wills, deeds, leasea. bills of
eale and articles of cor-artnerahip; corpora-
tions organized: bankruptcy; collections; pio-
batlng of estates. 927 Market, r. 801.
H. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
6lh T.oor. entrance room Oil; established 20
years: all court*. eenertU courts and otflce
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
IDVICE free; legal divorce costs $12; all law
case* fcandled; no fee in advance: open Sat-
urday evenings.; other evenings by appolnt-
, rr.ent: call and cave money. 810 Mkt.. r. 33.
COLUMBIAN Law and Col. At, r. 85, 016
Market, opp. Emporium; tel. Montgy. 1310:
l"gal matters and collections; old established.
M. L RYAN, Atty-at-Law. 1148 Market, opp.
« Hales'; courts; advice; collections; open evgs.
. L. 6. CLARK. f)27 Market, room 302, consulta-
.tlon free; no fee In advance. Open eveninga.
• DETECTIVES.
j ALL kind* of case* handled: business strictly
confidential: charges reasonable.
CO4 Montgomery ft., room 204.
ACCOUSitASTS.
ACCOUNTANT'S services. $10 and upward per
month; Includes keeping your books- examin-
ation*! and financial statements made; private
lr.mrac. bookkp'pmg. etc. 809 Market, rra. 63.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR eale— 20-23 horsepower. 4-cyllnder, '04
model, beet AJr.crlcan car. good order, at bar-
ft.\n; hay« ordered new car of greater power
1* only reason for selling. N. F. Pressey
Auto Livery, rcr. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
I9OC MODEL 'Compounda arrived: prize-win-
ner Jn 700-mile economy test: demonstrations
day, night. S. F. Auto Co.. Inc.. 41C Ninth,
FOR sale— A fine steam automobile Model *04;
flnt running order. Box 2662, Call office.
CADILLAC automobile for sale, $600; good run-
nlng order. Box 2762. Call offlo*.
APyEnTISIXG.
JEAN CASSINA. ad writing, catalogues. . cir-
cular*, programmes, cards. \u25a0Room 28, Au-
ceraia building. \
DOAnpiXG FOR _CHILDB.gjr
LAPY wents child to board; teach German;
, •__? home; garden; by ft park. 1158 Turk.
! BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $11500; RESTAURANT and chophouse. near
Kesrny and Montgomery; rent $<5; monthly
aaleo $1000; cause of sale, owner to retire.
Particulars R. O. WILKE. 20H Kearny at:
A— ssoo- HALF interest In coffee and tea store;
choicest location in the Mission; rent $22 60;
owner engaged in other enterprise only cause \u25a0
of disposing. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^
Kearny st. !
A— ssso; RESTAURANT; established many
years; clears $160 per month; rent $25; lo-
cation the very best: owner wlahes to go to
Europe cause of aale. R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny at. ' •
A— *4so; WOOD and coal yard, aouth of Mar-
ket; rent $20; lease; 2 horses, i wagons;
death in family only cause of sale. K. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— s9so; SALOON on water front, opp. ferry
building; net rent $60. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny at. •
A— sl4oo; OYSTER and chop house close to
Market and Fourth ats.; rent $50; dally re-
cepts. $40; well established; good business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at. !
A—s2ooA — $200- CORNER cigar stand; close to Palace
Hotel: rent only $20; bargain. R. G. WILKE,
26 H Kearny at.
A— sl6,ooo; CORNER saloon on Market at..
close to Firet; lease; one of the beat placea
In tlus city. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26H Kearny at.
A—s26oo;A — $2600; CORNER grocery and bar; near
German Hospital; place established years; a
good business; owner a widow; wants to go
to Germany. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY.
418-420 Grant building. Phone South 1070.
Seventh and Market sta.
GET FREE) LISTS.
LARGEST. BEST. MOST RELIABLE.
Manufacturing — Rare chance for capabl*,
pushing business men; safe and profitable in-
vestments,- with services.
Manufacturers' agent wants partner; desir-
able lines.
Rare saloon bargains on Fourth. Third, Mc-
Allister and other good streeta.
Market-st. clear stand snap; others on
Fourth and Sixth, etc.; should see them.
From $300 to $1600 — Confections and notions.
All parts city— Restaurants and Dellcates-
sens.
YOUR CAPITAL FITTED FROM OU!R LISTS.
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY.
419-420 Grant building. Phone South 1070.
TRLVL given before buying in light profitable
business; email capital required; a man will-
ing to take hold and make himself useful Is
needed; must be satisfied with $25 to $85 a
we<Jc. Call to-day. T69 Market at., room 11.
$4000— SALOON and 18 rooms, furnished, for
•ale on account of poor health; a money
maker; must be sold at once; make offer.
Particulars at 769 Market st.. room 11.
WANTED — A partner with small amount of
capital in a legitimate business proposition
with no chances to take but net large profit*
en Investment; this is not a get rich quick
f scheme, but a clean, respectable business;
will etand Investigation. Particulars of box
3459. Call office. j
FOR SALE — A nicely located hotel on one of
the beat business streets In San Francisco; 1
well patronized: paying good profits: brick
building- fireproof; price $6000; small mort-
gage; if you are a hotel-keeper you can
make this place pay big. Address box 2761,
Cah office.
FOR SALE— In Central California, a general i
merchandise store with 10 acres In orchard,
Efl\ e-room house, horses, cows, wagons, farm- ,
leg and ' gardening utensil? . windmill and ;
tankhoure; is nearly . new and well built;
price $6500. Box 3407, Call otflct.
FOR SALE — In good country town In Marln
County, general merchandise store. Including
tinware, willowware. erockeryware and glass-
ware; will sell at Invoice; rent $27 50 per
month. Further particulars of box 2680.
Call office.
PARTNER In picture framlnr store; long es-
tablished; low rent; business Increasing; wMI
sell whole or half-interest; lots of business on
hand; $100 half-interest; bears close inspec-
tion. Box 4S3G. Call.
WANTED — Steady man with $150 as partner;
genteel contracting business: work light,
pleasant and very profitable. Apply BTAND-
ARD COMPANY. 131 Montgomery at.-
FRUIT Ftore at irreat sacrifice; doing good
business; 3 llvine rooms in conectlon; good
location; splendid opportunity for man and
wife. Call at 151 Ninth st. '
WHO has a good proposition that is a money-
maker? I will furnish the office If you will
furnish the prc»osltlon ; must be a winner.
Box 3936. Call.
STOCK companies Inconjorated; If you have
stocks or bonds for sale offer them through
me 10 investors. GEORGE M. KELLOGG,
broker. 345 Elllcott square. Buffalo.
PARTNER wanted— ln light manufacturing
business; owner In business 83 years; very
easily learned; sure profit of $25 per week;
price $250. Information 618 Merchant Bt.
HAVE had experience In real estate business
and desire a partner to open place of busi-
ness; one with experience: a good rustler;
If interested address box 2763, Call office.
FOI: sale — On account of sickness, a delica-
tessen store In good location; four years'
lease at $30 per month;, four living rooms;
will sell reasonable. Box 2779. Call office.
WANTED— To purchase a stock of .. general
merchandise In Fresno or Ventura county;
110 limit to size of stock: give full partlcu-
Urs. Box 3409. Call office.
WANTED — To connect myself with some per-
fci< In the produce and commission business
in San Francisco. Address with experience,
tox 3408. Call office.
$150 — CANDY and notion store: by owner; a
rare bargain; Investigate. 1870 West at.,
Oakland.
WILL tell big paying retail business; will not
sacrifice; if you are willing to pay what It la
worth write; poor health. Box 333, Chlco.Cal.
BOOKS, stationery, notions, cigars, etc.; clean
stock. 8 nicely furnished rooms; cheap rent;
make offer. Pacific Business Assn.. 3 Taylor.
WANTED — To Invest In good, legitimate busi-
ness proposition from $1000 to $2000. Ad-
dress box 2780. Call office.
WANTED — A stationery store with 'cigars and
trbacco attached: in a good location. Send
particulars to box ICO7. Call office.
TO Investors — A good place to open grocery
business with bar desired. Full particulars,
box 2950, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale in Berkeley; ' near
railroad: good patronage; doing fine business.
Box 2SC2. Call office.
CORNER saloon on Folsom at., close In; good
location; central: low" price. Particulars of
box 1689. Call office. \u25a0 -
WANTED — Capital to manufacture electrical
' apparatus for physicians' use; splendid In-
vestment. Box 2749. Call.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
GROCERY and bar license; also liquor license.
Call or add., 6 to 8 p.m., 713 Central aye.
FOR SAI.E^ — Lunch counter business. 527 San-
some st. Cheap. \u25a0
SALOON on corner; snap. Box 8933, Call.
INVENTORS worklsg on steam turbine want
help by capitalist.' Box 4814, Call.
MAN to drive laundry wagon; $65 per month
or : commission: $400 required. 3372 Mission.
$6000 — FIRST-CLASS downtown corner saloon
for salr. Inquire F. KOMENT, 320 Bush st.
NEAT chophouse, close, to big car barn, for
sain; rent $20. Inquire 1228 FlUmore st.
RESTAURANT for sale at once. 185 East st
$125 — A SNAP; good paying delicatessen store
for »ale; 2 living rms.; rent $15. 1342 Larkin.
FOR SALE: — The whole or half Interest In «
Job printing establishment. Box 2678. Call.
WANTED — To buy a saloon; state location.
Box 26C1. Call office. -
CANDY and ice cream parlors for sale; cen-
tral location. Box 2978, Call office. )
A GOOD paying business for ' sale. Address
box 439. Healdsburg. Cal.
$50 CAPITAL wins $12 dally; positive proof.
BLAIR. 935 Market St.. room 1.
$200— CORNER cigar store, with laundry of-
fice: rent $10. 401 Third st.
GOOD Call rout* for sale. Apply at Call
office. , . .
._ BOOKKEEPING.
LET us keep your books; nothing too large,
ncthlng 100 small; we make a specialty of
keeping small acts of books.
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO
T«1. Montgomery 1811. , 930 Market st. *
CJJREJ^R^RUPTURE.
NO high-priced, painless (?) treatments to
cure Rupture; simply - wear Dr Pierces
Trust, and It will do the workl Bold SO
years; - thousands cured. Call or addreaa
'gLECTRIC TRUSS CO.. 206 Kearny at.
COLLECTION OFFICES. \u25a0
BAD tenants ejected for $4; : collections made:
city «r country. Paclflo Collection" Co., 415
* Montgomery at., rooms o-io. TeL Main 6580.
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER' 27, 1905.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
LODGING houses— 6 to 400 rooms: prices $150
to $10,000. H. C. Decker. 850 Market st.
ROOMING houses — 8 to SOO rooms; prices $200
to $8000; easy terms. DECKER. 850 Market.
APARTMENT-HOUSES, Hotels, flats and prl-
vate houses; all prices. DECKER. 850 Mkt.
A— BALDWIN REALTY CO.,
Tel. John 4496. 900 Market, rms. 6 and 6A.
For sale or exchange— Rooming-houses,
Apartment-Houses. City and Country Property.
A Little Cash. We Loan the Balance. •
MARION GRIFFIN,
VTO Market st., room 801, eighth floor.
ROOMING-HOUSES and REAL ESTATE. '
FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE. FREE LIST.
FISHER ; & CO .Phone Main S3S4
Room 438 James Flood building.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
LODGING house for eale on Ellis St.; close
In; 25 rooms; price reasonable. Box 2773,
Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — A lodging bouse about 25 or* 3o
rooms; will pay part "ash, balance, In install-
ments. Box 2963, Call office. -J
_____^
AA— PROF." NIBLO," ~
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READING SI.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If 1 fail to call you by name in
full, names of your friends, enemies or rivals.
I promise to tell you whether your husband,
wife or sweetheart is true or false; tell you
how to grain the love of the one you mest de-
sire, even though miles away; how to succeed
in business, speculation, lawsuits; how to
marry the one of your choice; how to regain
youth, health and vitality; remove* evil influ-
ences, cures drink habit, locates treasures,
cures nervous diseases.
How can I have good luck?
How can I succeed in business?
How can I make my home happy?
How can I marry the one I choose?
How soon can I marry?
How can I make any one love me?
How soon will my lover propose?
How can I get a eood position?
How can I remove bad Influences?
How can I control any one?
•How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's love?
HOURS 10 TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST., NEAR JONES.
Permanently located In his own home. /
PROF. NIBLO. __-
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis Bt.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
•all affairs of life; Miss Wille guarantees an
hon?*t. reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the past: gives correct forecast of your fu-
ture: advises you on important affairs,
whether. financial, dom«stlc. love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading. $1; hours
10-8 p. m. ; French, German. English spoken.
_____ "
THE EGYPTIAN CLAIRVOYANT AND
PALMIST.
. Permanently located at 1104 Market st.,
rooms 9 and 10, cor. Turk (Vendome): pri-
vate readings dally, 10 a. m." to S p. m.;
3 questions answered, $1; full life, $5.
. LINCOLN,
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and- best
known clairvoyant In San Francisco. Re-
opened at The Health, 312 Eddy st. Hours 10
to 5. Readings by mall, $2.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm.,
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess; L.,
60c; G., $1. 1035 Fillmore, nr. McAllister.
MME. KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; wh«n others fall try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102^6 6th. nr. Mission.
Miss Melbourne, clairvoyant, palmist, mystic
card reader; guarantees satlsfac. 1228 Markt.
SEND date of birth and 2 stamps for a pen
picture of your life. H. HILL, 120 Sutter st.
MRS. SHAFFER, permanently located at 558
Stevenson st.; hours 9-to 9; open Sundays.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10, Gait House.
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser, has
no equal In city. 110 Sixth st., room 8.
MRS; LESTER'S circles 8 p. m.. except Thurs..
10c; read, daily: mines a specialty. 95 Sixth.
CASSINO. wonderful gifted healing medium,
cures hopeless cases quickly. 110 6th St., r. 6.
CARPET-DEJ]^NG^^ANJP^C^EANIN^
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets And rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. . S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company, 808 Market
St.; phone Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted- with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet Beat-
ing Works, Cs:s-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison at.; Al cleaning, 3c. Phone Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet*Cleanlng Co., J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Malu 394, OEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth et. — First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74. •
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
*-y|:v' LAUNDRIES. ' '
JAPANESE laundry and dry cleaning work.
2122 Fillmore Bt.; tel. Geary 2053.
DENTISTS.
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.
Perfect, painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Fudd set of teeth, $2; silver fillings, 25c; gold
fillings, $1; gold crowns. $3; bridge work, $3.
1104 Market Et.. ."corner Turk. \u25a0
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $3; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, near 11th—
No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction,
60c. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor.6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c: crowns, $2, no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lol% Grant ay.
dress \VJL K .? R^ A X D _.SE A^I* T ilEs5 E s
ACCORDION, knife and sunburst pleating;
buttons and button holes made* at Stewart' s
Lining and Trimmings Store. 14-10 Taylor st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Eve, class: patterns cut. 1100 Market at.
EDUCATIONAL.
A CHANCE for every young man to improve
Intellectually; brains is money; you may in-
crease your, salary by Increasing your earn-
ing power; the Young. Men's Christian Asso-
ciation conducts the most complete system
of night schools in the country; 82,000 stu-
dents enrolled; San Francisco Association
building,' NE. cor. Mason and Ellis sts., of-
fers, exceptional, facilities for a business and
commercial education; if you have only one
hour a day to devote to study, give us a
chance to help you; every . branch taught
from ,the fifth grade to . preparation for the
university; business- course a specialty; the
• day classes are open to all men; the night
classes are a Kreat convenience. Rolla . V.
Watt, president; 11.' J: McCoy, general secre-
tary. Send for descriptive catalogue to E.
E. ESDON. Director of Education, Assocla-
Uon building. • • ' . ..
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec, mm., mech., sur-
vey; assay, cyanide; day, eve; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest in the West; annual
enrollment 1000; send for-. circular. . :
DANCING, both adult and - children's classes,
now open at Hlnman's School of (Dancing,
1412 Polk St., nr. California; phone East 2128.
A — THE Lyceum, an excellent preparatory
school for university, law "and medical col-
leges; we prepared; hundreds of students suc-
cessfully and we shall prepare \u25a0 you; day,
evening session ; I references President Jordan
or any Stanford professdr. Phelan building.
A — THE 'Osborn \u25a0 Conservatory iof Music and
Store; 5000 pupils; Stelnway Hall bldg., 223
Sutter: St., S. F.; \u25a0 1069 'Broad way, Oakland:
612 S." Broadway, Los" Angeles; pianos, har-
mony, vocal, stringed instruments; also brass
instruments free to beginners. .\u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0_ .
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS.COL.. 033 Market,
conducted fl by .\u25a0 Robert F. '\u25a0 Gallagher. . expert
court reporter, holds world's record for short-
hand writing; successful himself, will make
'you so; shorthand, typing, bookpg.; Catalogue. <
ALL who desire good : position should attend
this college; we have > had 250 ' good ', places
alnce March I.'-; San Francisco Business Col- ~<
_2_________________________'
HEALD'S Sohool of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post at..' S.F.;dvll, mining. -electrical, steam
and gas engineering. .'.Send; for; prospectus." i ; ,
A— METROPOLITAN-Callfornia-Students join-
ed. Business. . Stenographic. 925 Golden ' Gate.'.
A special \u25a0 class preparatory \u25a0 to teachers' 1 exam-
lnatlona or State nor, schls. 333 Phelah bldg. :
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— —Day ; and
- FARTTNGTON'S. 424 Pine et/— Night classes.
OFFICES.
AN UD-to-date Japanese-Chinese ; emp. office;
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. KIODA. 405 Post St.; tel. Jamea 501.
STAR Employment Office — Reliable Japanese
ami Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell at. ; tel. - Main 1761.
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment Office
.promptly furnishes all kinds of reliable b/.!p.
Sakauye. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YQSH Y. 415 Stockton st. ; tel. Bush 869.
AN old estab. (1850) Chinese emp. office. C.
CHONG'B. removed to 518 Plne:tel. Grant 166
H. W. HONG, 1113 A Clay. St.; Chinese employ-
ment' office: beat . help. Tel. East 426.
Finest Japanese- help; house-cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kuniabe. 343 Mason; tel. James 5251.
and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY. & CO., 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chtnesethelp of all kinds furnish-
ed; houae-cleanlng. '7oB Taylor; James 7t>36.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN woman who is fine sewer or would
serve as parlor maid or waitress or would
do . chamberwork or sewing, desires position
In good family. Phone Main 5332.
AN exnerlenced fashionable' dressmaker
(French) would like work at home or in pri-
vate families; very best of references. - Ad-
dress 1283 Turk street.
A GOOD and strictly reliable middle-aged wo-
man desires position to do general house-
work. Call or address 1110 Powell at., near
Washington. \u25a0 V
A STRICTIA reliable and competent young
\u25a0 woman would like place to care for sick or
an Invalid; has beat of references. Call or
address 705 Ellis st., or phon* East 9518.
SCANDINAVIAN girl who Is a good cook and
laundress desires position. Address or call
278 Ninth st. , \u25a0 ' - -';-\u25a0.;
AN experienced dressmaker on evening gowns
or «tre?t habits would like engagements for
this month. Pnone East 9052.
YOUNG woman would like place to do down-
stairs work or cooking where assistant Is
kept. Call or address 703 Stockton st.
COMPETENT reliable woman would like place
to cook for men or keep house; lias good
references. Call at 974 A Howard $t.
"A- GOOD woman would like place to do house-
work or washins: and ironing by the day.
Plione Howard 2536, or call 111 Ninth st.
A SKILLFUL first-cln*s dressmaker on ex-
clusive designs would like a few more
patrons. Phone East 365;:.
A .MIDDLE-AGI:d lady who Is strictly re-
Hable and comoetent would like a place as
housekeeper. Call or address 19 Powell j st.
AMERICAN woman wishes housekeeper's posi-
tion or cookins; neat and reliable. Mrs. M.
H.. 114 McAllister st., flat 6.
COMPETENT person wishes work by the day;
cooking, assist at parties or clean; Tel. How-
ard r>so.
Yf!)UNG woman wants work by day, washing,
cleaning or Ironing; $1 day. Box-4SJO. Call.
A YOUNG woman would like wor£ by the day,
cooking- or housecleanlng:. Apply 331 Minna.
JAPANESE girl wants a position as school
girl. OGAWA. 2023 Pine st.
A REFINED and cultured lady who has had
long experience in the care and management
of private boarding and apartment houses
is seeking an engagement as manager of
some flrst-clasß apartment-house; is a careful
and successful manager; references ex-
changed. For interview address MRS. A. T.,
1225 Geary st.
DRESSMAKER; -Eton jackets, tailored suits',
evening gowns and coats; work taken homi-;
up-to-date deeigns; fits guaranteed; satisfac-
tion given; few more engagements per day
or week. 336 Polk st., near McAllister, top
flat.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, thoroughly compe-
tent, would like position to do light house-
work and cooking; wages $15 to ?20 and car-
fare. Call or address 927 Washington st.
A YOUNG and refined German lady, lately
from the East, desires a position as a house-
keeper, either in city ' or'' country. Call or
address 2300 Mission st. ;' '"^rr
AN expert lady stenographer and typist, accu-
rate and rapiu, desires either a temporary or
permanent position. Address P. O. box 734,
or phone East 2019. .; ' ~~
A COMPETENT woman would like any kind
of .. housework or washing and Ironing by the
day. Address 111 Ninth St., or phone How-
ard 2536.
A YOUNG, willing woman .would like a posi-
tion to do cooking and general, housework.
Address or call 211 Twemy-seventh et., up-
stairs.
YOUNG woman, thoroughly competent, wishes
position to take care of sick or an invalid;
"will work by day or week; best of references.
Address 705 Ellis St.. or phone East 9518.
A STRICTLY reliable colored girl would like
a position as lady's maid, or would do light
chamberwork or housework; no washing.
Phone East 9301.
AN elderly lady would like a place in the
country where she could assist with light
housework; small wages. Address MRS. M.,*
852 Ritch st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman who is good cook and
thorough - housekeeper would like a position
In a small family of adults. Call at 359
Minna fit.
A COMPETENT and willing young woman
would like work in private houses, either
washing or cleaning. , Address or call 315
Linden aye.
ENERGETIC Japanese woman would like place
In city where ehe could learn' any kind of
work; !s willing. 417 Jones St.; phone East
3815> .. " "'
EXPERIENCED woman wants work a few
hours a -day: kitchen: boarding-house or no-
tel. Apply 311% Jessie St.. in-basgment. -
YOUNG woman would like place as "working
housekeeper in widower's family. Apply 458%
Minna st.
STENOGRAPHER with ten years' experience
ttesires permanent position as bookkeeper and
t-i do stenographic work. 80x. 2760. Call.
LADY who is strong and willing wishes posi-
tion to do cooking or general housework In a
nice family. Address 850 Market St., mi. 14.
YOUNG woman would like to do 'work by the
day in private houses or rooming houses. >
Address or call 161 Seventh et.
A FIRST-CLASS cook would like a position in
good American family, or will assist where
extra help Is needed. Address L., 1505 Polk.
DRESSMAKER deelres engagements by the
day; accustomed to the finest work; street
and evening gowns. Phone East 3C53.
A GOOD Japanese girl would like position to
dr> general housework in private family. Call
191t: Howard Bt.; phone Church 3660. " ' :
LADY who Ik neat and quick sewer desires
sewing by. the day. Phone Scott 8415. \u25a0 .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED man of sterling habits, re-"*
liable, honest and sober, desires engagement
for coming year as salesman or collector with
a first-class' furniture house; .has- had 7
years' experience, in the furnlturo business.
Address WM. STONE, general delivery,' city.
WANTED— Management of orchard, vineyard
or stock ranch by a reliable : man ; with - 14
years' experience as foreman ! and superin-
tendent in California; best references. Box
4810. Call office. " \u25a0 ," - -
A MIDDLE-AGED man, married, thoroughly
familiar: with all -branches of -ranch or or-
chard work, would, like : position to take
care of place; is handy with tools. Address
L. COFFEE. 252 ' Guerrero st.
A BOY 13 years of age : would like a place
In the country, where : he could work for Ills
board and go -to school ; please address 1018
Kansas .«T.; San Francisco. - \u25a0
AN . rxporienced cutter on men's tailoring de-
sires a poeltlon in either city or country; has
first-class references.- Call or address
TAILOR, 21 Powell St., room 29. :' V
SITUATION wanted ; coachman, Scandinavian/
with, high "class references, - single, sober,
willing anu reliable;' s years last place." Box
3934." Call ; of flee. . .. : .
WANTED—^Job : on small: dairy milking from
10 to 25 cows'and general: farmhand or r but-
• : ter-maktng \u25a0 creamery; ,• experienced;, refer-
ences. Box-4813, Call office.: : r . ;\u25a0
MIDDLE-AGED -man- wants, work "as chore-
man; can milk and take cate of garden and-
», horses; no objection . to country. ; , Apply, 1251
i Park- st.. Alameda. ;-"\ :-,';. i .\u25a0'.
WANTED— A - situation \u25a0in : a creamery by , ; a
-' Canadian ' butter and cheese- maker. \u25a0 Box
4537,iCa11: office. .-- . .'.'" -.'\u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0 "' .-.-' " :-'
IN order to learn: the. electrical -trade a young
man of- 22^-wIH work for/ a'" boy'e wages.
Bex \u25a0 3943. Call' office. . ; :
> YOUNG man ; desires ' situation >as f groom, \u25a0\u25a0 sln-
\u25a0•; gle-handed ; best \u25a0 Eastern • \u25a0 references. . ; Ap-
\u25a0 plyjf SSBS 'Connecticut : St.:
FIRST-CLASS electrician; willing to go out of
: town.: , : . Box 2846.: Call. > \ '\u25a0'\u25a0':\u25a0)'' -
INDUSTRIOUS young man wants work of any
kind ; : reasonable ' wages.^ v Box 3935, . Call. .
ELEVATOR man with city references wishes
, situation In apartment-house; Is employed In
hotel now. Box 4812, Call office. --
A . RELIABLE, energetic young married man
wishes a ; position with large wholesale or
retail firm after Jan. 1 ; now emDloyed by
dairy and farm supply house; business and
college education; understands mining . ma-
chinery; handy with tools; office work pre-
ferred; can furnish best of references. Box
27?1. Call of fine. \u25a0 /\u25a0 ; -, -
YOUNG man. aged 23 years, residing with
parent?, desires position as clerk or assist-
ant; wholesale house preferred; Is a willing,
faithful worker and would give employer his
best efforts; good references If desired. Ad-
dress «H. 0.." 1616 A Turk. st.
MAN thoroughly experienced in all : kinds . of
agriculture, stock ralMng, irrigation or grad-
ing land desires situation as superintendent;
' has best of references. Address F. M.
BEEBE, 475 Thirty-eighth St.. Oakland.
A PAPERHANGER and painter, flrst-class,
quick, up-to-date mechanic, wants situation;
I must have employment; will work for
$2 50 Der day: city or country. Box 3945,
Call office.
WATCHMAKER, young man, would like post,
tion anywhere as watchmaker's assistant;
has had experience at bench: also 9 months'
school experience In East: has tools. JAS.
H. LEHMANN. 405 Geary at.
WANTED — A position as improver to the ma-
chinist's trade by a young man who has had
two and a half years' experience at lathe,
drill press and bench; low wages. Box 1958,
1008 Market st. -.
HOTEL man, competent, reliable, mature age,
experienced all around, vmnta ; position as
clerk, nleht or day. or manager; city or
country: fine references. Box 2744. Call.
CUTTER and tailor— Energetic young man.
with some experience, wishes a position as
assistant cutter: no objection to salary If
steady. Box 4801. Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY gentleman, aged 30 years.
would like position with business firm as
clerk or collector; will cheerfully furnish
bonds. Address R. L. D., 0 Monroe st.
DANISH man wants situation as plain gar-
denor. care of horses poultry; can milk:
bost of reference. ! 'Address ANDREW
JOHNSON. 331 Kearny at., room 44.
BUTLER, flrst-class. English, desires situa-
tion; moderate salary; unimpeachable Cali-
fornia and Eastern references. HENRY
COLPEES. 112 C Market st.
A SOBER and Industrious Dane, 40 years of
age, desires bousecleaning and janitor work:
good references. Apply or address 1629
Golden Gate aye.
FIRST-CLASS young bookkeeper and general
• office man, Al references, desires permanent
position in city or nearby town with firm
who appreciate ability. Box 2767. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by traveling salesman;
California territory; acquainted with general
trade; references; bond if necessary. Box
27C6, Call office.
ELEVATOR man with city references wishes
situation in apartment house; Is employed In
hotel now. Box 4812. Call.'
COACHMAN or stableman by elderly English-
man; stood references. E, T., 3581 Sacra-
mento st. '
YOUNG man speaking several languages and
of good address and appearance is anxious to
obtain a position. Address G.A., 558 Steiner.
FIRST-CLASS steam and gas fitter would like
position; no objection to country place.
Phone Ea«t 4481.
A GOOD bartender would like city position;
can give good references. Address D. H.,
1402 Polk st. \u25a0 - \u25a0
A RELIABLE roan wants situation as night
watchman; references. Address I. 8., 205
Third et.
YOUNG man would like situation in grocery
store; experienced. Box 2756. Call office.
Al PAPER-HANGER and painter wants sltua-
tlon; go anywhere If steady. Box 2738, Call.
COOK ana pastry cook; best reference. 1177
Howard St.. room 14.
YOUNG Japanese of experience wishes position
as schoolboy or housework; wages can b«
email; good place more desired; speaks good
English. Address 715 Sacramento St., or
phone Black IS7I.
JAPANESE boy. who speaks good English
deslree position to do general /housework.
Address JOE YAMA, 703 Larkin St., or phone
East 5770.
JAPANESE, flrst-class cook and also a fine
waiter, . is desirous at obtaining a i situation.
In city.. Address A. MATSUO, 315 Stockton'
St.. or phone Main 5188.
Japanese couple want situations in private
family; man as lst-class fancy cook & wife
as waitress, housework; with 5 refs.: 15 yrs.'
experience. M. Shlra. 465 Jessie; tel. Mint 591.
A FAITHFUL young Japanese boy wishefe posi-
tion as school boy in small family. Call or
address R. X.. 442 Devlsadero st. ; phone
Page 2100.
FAITHFUL Japanese boy would like place
where he could work mornings until 10
o'clock. Address or call T. IKEDA. 1207
Buth st.
AN honest Japanese boy would like work of
any kind to do after 4 p. m. dally. Ad-
dress S. S.. 620 Laguna St., city.
A FAITHFUL Japanese boy would like place
to do plain cooking or general^ housework.
Address M., 321 1^ O'FarreU. V
A JAPANESE who is fine cook and has best
of references wishes position as school boy.
Address HARRY TAKETA. 258 A O'Farrell.
A GOOD Japanese schoolboy would like place
where h» could be useful. Phone East 2442.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy. Address T^ H., 1329 Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook "would like p^aco
with nice family; wages from $50 to $60 per
month. Address C. LEE, 806 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook for hotel or board-
inß-houso." Please call 306 Sacramento St..
upstairs.
_> FLATS TO LET.
AAA— COMPLETED "~ITsT OF HOUSES."
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department is free to all; we can find
you a home In any part of the city; ask for
no payment other than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use this department freely; you are more
than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURB CO., 245-259 Geary
st. (on the square.) feSCSS
POINT LOBOS aye., 1307, near 2d aye. — Don't
live in a rooming-house when you can get a
nlc<» sunny furnished flat of 5 rooms and
bath for $20 per mo. ; Geary cars pass door.
ALMOST n«w upper 5-room flat; sun and light
In each' room: rent very low. if rented before
the first of the year. 1455 Broderlck st. ~a -;-'•?
CORNER upper flat, . 8 large front rooms; eas-
ily rented: chqep^ at $35. Apply Fell and
Devlsadero sts.,T southwest corner.
BRODERICK. 143. near Haight— Modern B-
room flat: marble steps, beam ceilings, elec-
tric llghta. etc.: owl cars; rent reasonable.
TWENTY-SECOND. 5554. near Dolores— s sun-
ny rooms; bath & double parlors; cheap: $15.
A MONTH free; new 4-room fiats, $25; janitor
service; sunny. 2207 .Hayes Bt.. nr. G. G. Pk.
6 SUNNY rooms; modern plumbing, $20. Key
at grocery, Fell and Devlsadero. near Park.
$9 — UPPER rear flat. 3 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st., oft' Market, near Valencia.
1433— Live rent free: 6-room flat,
I with 4 attic rooms; can sublet each room; $25.
CENTRALLY" located corner flat; 5 rooms and
bath. 1002 Mason st:. cor. Sacramento.
CENTRAL, modern, upper, flat. C rooms, bath.
1026 Sacramento St.. above Powell; moderate.
NOE St., 328, near Market— Modern lower flat,
6 rooms and, bath; rent $22 60. \u25a0'
FLATS TO LET-r-FURXISHED.
SIX. rooms newly furnished. Including flrst-
; clasd piano, ' $40; owner going to leave the
city;; reference required;, call to-day. 183
B-lvedere St.. near Golden Gate Park.
HAVES, 1709-t4 front rooms, bath; new; com-
plete housekeeping; gas; electricity: $25.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURXISHEdT"
FOR eale— A 5-room furnished flat; price $ISsT
Address box 2663.- Call office. -
\u25a0 FtJRXITURE WAXTED.
A— PHONE South 1015; It will pay you to send
for me before > you • sell - your furniture, . car- >
pets; piano." etc. \u25a0_\u25a0 M. GALLICK.-201 Larkin.;
MARK J.V LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
St.. bet. 9th. and 10th, paying big money for
furniture. ; etc. v -- Phone South 179.
WANTED— Furniture of 4 or 5 room house
complete. . Give ; particulars to box °70l
Call office. -':\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . • ' -
Alfred i Wollpert. 773 Mission. • phon* Red 446*»
pays highest price for furniture, carpets. : etc!
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for f ur-
nitnie, carpets., etc.. 7B2 Mission;, tel. Bush 813.
Z. ; ABE LEVY, \ 1135 Market \u25a0 St.; phone Jesjle
" 761," pays cash and buys everything.
Funx iTiinis'' for s ale.a le.
ALMOST^glven away;; unredeemed storage pi-
anos and fur.iWhitehead'a Storage. > 1636 Mkt
FINANCIAL.
$8000— ON good country farm and Duslne ss
property; will pay 6 per cent net; \u25a0« cu "__
worth lS.OCO; investigate quickly as loan
muat be had January 10. Box 2i.6. Call.
\u25a0 FLOORS TO LEASE.
LARGE light floor; electric elevator: excellent
location: low rent. KNOWLES CO^ .24 2d.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE. tj
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 133
Cook and wife helper, city hotel *SO
Waiter and wife waitress, country hotel-jaw
Tool sharpener $2 60 day and found, and
wife cook for 6 men. good wages, party here-
Chambermaid. 4 cprings, choice place $-l>
Chambermaids chambermaids to wait, city,
$20; fancy lroners and mangle hands, hotels.
Southern California. $35-$3 O. room, board.
i Housegirls. second girls, nurseg'.rls.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
GERMAN cook, no wash. $35; American work-
Ing housekeeper for widower with 3 children.
Humboldt County. $15-$2 O. fare paid; 5
waitresses, city and country hotels, $-3:
second cook, short orders, $8 week; English
er Scandinavian second girl. $25; flrst-class
nurse. 2 children. $30; IS girls., cook, plain
wash. $25-$3O; mother and daughter, house*
work. Alameda; French cook, no wash, Santa
Barbara. $35; girt for housework. Palo Alto.
$30; 14 girls, general housework. $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A chambermaid for a, private family, city, no
waiting on > table. $30.
A stronx kitchen maid for a private family.
city. $25. f \u25a0 . _„'
A nurse for child 10 months old, city. $30.
2 waitresses for flrst-class hotel, city. $25 ea.
4 second girls for city places, $23-530.
10 housework girls, city and country, $25 ea.
MISS PLUNKETT. 428 Sutter st. ng, Powell.
WAITRESSES wanted— 2 good waitresses
wanted to-day for good steady positions; city
place. Call room 813, James Flood building.
AA— OPERATORS wanted on ladles' under-
wear to work in factory. 656 Mission st..
third floor.
AA— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear and
children's wear to take work home. 656
' Mission at., third floor.
AA — EXPERIENCED tuckers wanted on
ladles" underwear and children's wear. 656 ;
Mission st.. third floor.
AA — EXPERIENCED operators on ladies'
waittß und summer suits to work In factory.
656 Mission at., third floor.
YOUNG woman for housework and cooking
for 3; every other Sunday and every evening
off; no washing; no windows: sleep at home;
wages $25 per month. 301 Eddy at.
WANTED— Young ladles to figure. stock, tem-
porary iKJsitlon. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.,
740 Market street.
A YOUNG girl for general housework and
cooking in San Rafael; 2 In family. Apply
1170 Eddy St., In forenoon.
WANTED — A competent girl for general house-
work; must be first-class plain cook; wages
$30. 2237 Union at.
LADY wishing to learn bookkeeping can have
office work as Dart payment for tuition.
Box 2565. Call.
FIRST-CLASS pants finishers. CHARLES
BABCH. 744 Market St.. room 20.
WANTED — Girl to cook and do downstairs
work. Call 902 Eddy at^ 9 to 12 m.
WANTED — Experienced mangle hands. Apply
to United States Laundry. 16th and Valencia.
GIRL to assist with hoqsework. Apply 2971
California st. , \u25a0
WANTED — Good cook and second girl; refer-
ence 3 required. 2467 Pacific aye.
GIRLS to learn hairdresslng, manicuring, mas-
sage, etc., from A to Z In 1 mo. for $10; 7
positions to fill guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and eve. class. 234 Post, r. 17. 2d floor.
THE opportunity of your life; millinery taught
In flrst-class parlors; guarantee to secure po-
sitions for all competent scholars by Jan. 23;
tsrms $20. 234 Post St., room 16. 2d floor.
LEARN hairdresslng, facial massage, manicur-
ing, scalp treatment.balr work.removal super-
fluous hair; day, eve classes; positions walt-
lng; $10 week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3. 2d floor.
WANTED — Young women to learn telephono
operating; salary white learning; ! references
.. required. Apply after 9 a. m.. 216 Bush St.,
third floor. ..-
BOOKKEEPERS.cashiers, bill clerks.etc.l will
guarantee you qualification to fill positions In
30 days; private Instruction by accountant :po-
sltlons secured. Address box 1730. Call office.
YOUNG woman to travel on road in California;
no experience necessary. Call at Win-
chester Hotel. •
WANTED — To employ a lady with good knowl-
edge of music; salary $800; references re-
'qulrtd. Box 3944. Call office.
BARBERS—- Employment and c "BP»m.
BARBERS, Attention — Coleman's Exchange;
city and country barber shops bought and
gold. See COLEMAN, 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale; choice location;
sacrifice. COLEMAN. 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
BARBER shops offered to buyers at special
inducements. COleman's, 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
BARBER shops — Large variety of them; aomo
very good : also a number of shops In coua-
try; all prices. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
FOUR-CHAIR barber shop and cigar store;
sold at a sacrifice It taken at once; account
sickness. Address P. O. box 839, San Jose.
BARBER shops wanted; all those that can
bear close investigation as to their merits
may apply to D. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
WANTED — Barber: furnished shop. Twenty-
fourth and Alabama sts. ; single man pre~
fcrrcd.
UNION barber wanted. 2423 Sutter st.
BARBERS — Good man wanted at 303 Sixth st.
BARBER wanted; 10c shop. 105 Tenth st.
GOOD barber wanted: steady. 623 Clay at.;
wages Sl2. ' .
ONE-CHAIR shop, with 4 furnished rooms.
CHyVRLES FORWICK. Menlo Park. Cal.
TWO-CHAIR shop for sale; receipts $35 to $45
t>?r week; rent $9 per month. 817 Laguna st.
BARBER shop for sale. Call at 630 Commer-
cial st.
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale: good bargain;
money-maker. 759'^ Howard st.
BEST 2-chair barber shop in Alameda: must
sell- at once: owner sick. 1544 Park st.
SITUATION wanted by first-class barber; city
or ~^untn\ Box 4507. Call.
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
HORD & SMITH'S
Employment Office. 628 Clay st.
Telephone Mala 6521.
CITY WORK.
$2 25— Teamsters— $2 25.
$2 00— Laborers— $2 25.
Board $5 25 and no discount. City.
SOUTH.
$2 Zo — Teamsters, cheap fare, long Job.
FREE FARE SOUTH.
$2 25 — Teamsters — $2 25 — Teamsters— s2 25.
$2 25 T -Drtller»— s2 25— DrilUrrs— $2 25.
$2 00 — Laborers — $2 CO — Laborers^ — $2 CO
FREE FARE.
Weed. Slskiyou County, Cal., near Oregon.
Laborers, $2. railroad work. 300 miles out.
" Tool sharpeners, $00 and found, Western Pa-
cific.
Burleish drill sharpeners. $70 and found.
Tunnehnen. $2 25 to $2 75, company work.
Muckers, $2 to $2 25. board only $4 50.
Laborer?. $1 75 to $2. long, steady jobs.
Laborers ami teamsters for many different
jobs, all locations. Ask about them. »
A— PACIFIC CON. EMP. AGENCY. INC..
635 Washington, st. Phone James 3301
FREE FARE.
Slskiyou County/ laborers. $60.
FREE FARE.
Near Oregon. Free Fare. Ship Dally.
Blacksmith, mine company, south. $90.
Spool tender. $1 50 fare, $55, found.
SOUTH.
Teamsters. $67 50: laborers. $CO.
i WESTERN PACIFIC.
- 1000 men, $2 25 day; no discount.
Coal miners, Oregon, $1 ton. fare refunded.
Tie-makers. Menilocino, $13 tie: ship to-day.
PACIFIC CON., EMP. AGENCY, INC.
ANDRE'S -' office. 317 Stockston at. Groom
; for -private stable. :SCO: butler for Catholic
Institution.' $25 and found; porter and fix
. up cold lunch, saloon. $12 to $14 a week;
dishwasher near \u25a0 ci{y. ; $30; ' dishwasher, city.
i $7 a week; vegetableman. $20; man and wife
for resort \u25a0 near; city, $50, etc.
! '
\u25a0 BUTLER. $50 and , found; second ' butler. $35
' and ;: found: * cook ' and wife.*' $75 : and found;
farmer i and wlf e. : $50 and found ; blacksmith
and phoer. $" day; porter for Institution. $25
and- found: and others: J.- F. -CROSETT &
CO.. •», 628 • Sacramento - st.
WAITER wanted for a good steady place In
city, good position to, right party; please call
. to-day. Room 318.' James Flood building.
YOU NG man ; for office work : , no bookkeepin*
Address : box 4515. •• Call office.
GERMAN; cook and dishwasher.- '153*- Ken-
" tucky st.
HE_P WANTED— MA-E — Co-t-mc*.^
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay at.
' Phone Mala 6543.
Our Own Printlns
Plant Issues our free Hat of positions too*
times daily — 7 a. m., 10 a. »••
1 p. xn.. 4 p. m.
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION!
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION Of
FIRST-CI^H£LP. waxt
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO— \u25a0
SEND YOUR ORDER 3 TO
MURRAY & READY. «34-4«tf Clay St..
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; TH3
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
TV» "aye in 1904 10t| 3 ~* hope t»
5.005> men worit! Increase 64.000.
MPRn ,- D " ! M_RC_D.
"f^NEW KAILROAX^. _ q _
600 drillers • |i 5
800 hammermen ••" \u2666*'J
6CO laborers |~ j(X
600 muckers ,%""2"'\ *\u25a0> IT\
We "have got special railroad rates.... $- 40
OCR OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
ARIZONA— ARIZONA.
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT. 840 miles, $3 40.
25 laborers, you'll suit. Call •«*#• ;
MURRAY & READY. 634-«3tt Clay st.
THIS NEW MIL—.
INSIDE WORK— STEADY JO»*
23 laborers to go this afternoon, «**
General manager here. Call and se« nl:a~__|
AT OUR OFFICE. *
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
LOOK.
Walter, mine hotel. $25 and found.
Experienced salesman on folding paper poxes.
$70 to $100.
Furniture finishers: also apprentices.
MURRAY & READY. g34-63ft Clay at.
LOOK! LOS ANGELES. $3.
SHIP TO-DAY, 9 A. M.
—TO LO3 ANGELES, $5—
—TO LO3 ANGELES. $3—
23 teamster*. $67 50.
tT 20 MUCKERS FOR MINES, $73.
ARE YOU GOING TO LOS ANGELES?
$5 FARE.
MURRAY - READY, 634-638 Clay at.
SANTA CRUZ.
25 teamsters, special R.R. fare. $».
25 laborers, special R-R. f " e -.f£ 3 __
NEW WORK NOT FAR AWAT.
12 teamsters, free fare, $67 50.
Baker, bread and caka. «jnal l food Job, $s
week and found. . .„ .
8 coo»s. different places, special Job*, $30 to
$co and found.
2 machine hands, planing mill. $3 day.
Men. address envelopes this office.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C3S Clay St.
MECHANICAL.
2 sheetlron workers, city.
2 Iron molders country foundry; printer,
country town, $40.
8 tinners steady work, country. $2 80 da.7.
MURRAY. & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
raE^ IB !S_OBm^i_c_OTa
TUNNELS. „
SO miners, hand and machtas work. $3 04
to $3 day.
20 tunnelmen, near city. $2 73 day.
4T drillers and hammermen, city and coun-
try $2 50 to $2 75 day.
13 headermen. tunnels. $2 23 to $2 73 day.
LABORERS. \u25a0 _.
HZ laborers dl^er'nt Job", all parts of C~l-*tJ|
fornla — factories, mills and general work; ~*|
$2 to $2 60 day $60 to $75 month.
MURRAY & RE-ADY. 634-639 Clay at.
SOUTH — BP—CIAL FARE, $2 40.
BIG MONEY FOR YOU.
TWO YEARS' WORK^
NEW RAILROAD— SOUTH.
One Thousand Men.
1000 MEN.
ALL OPEN CUT WORK.
DRILLERS AND HAMMERMEN. $73.
LABORERS AND MUCKERS. $37 50.
BOARD. ETC.. $20 MONTH.
SPECIAL, FARE, $2 40.
OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
ARE YOU GOING SOUTH?
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Cay at.
DOES THIS LOOK GOOD TO YOU? *
FREE TO-DAY. TO-DAY ITS FREE.
OCEAN SHORE R. R,
45 laborers. $60.
43 teamsters, $67 30.
45 drillers, $67 60. \u25a0• •...• =\u25a0 •- !-«#!\u25a0.* n\
MURRAY & READT. 634-63< Clay st.
OREGON — FREE FARE.
65 COAL MINERS.
$1 TON— ARE YOU GODfO?
COAL MINERS.
MEXICO. 250 Coal Miners. MBXICQv
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st. '
163 TIEMAKERS. 13c EACH.
FACTOP.Y.
13 laborers for general work around a largs
factory; no experience needed; steady the
year round: any willing man can fill the bill;
inquire about It: apu'll go; wages $60.
MURRAT & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTELS, ETC.
6 cooka. other places.
Walters, city hotels and restaurants; $33
month.
Marker and distributor, country laundry, $33.
OTHERS.
20 boys for stores, factories; city and coun-
try.
Experienced florist, city store.
FARMS. RANCHES.
MILKERS. CHOM3IEN*.
c plow teamsters, good ranch. $30 and ?d.
14 general farmers, different ranches. $28 to
$32 and found.
13 milkers, butter-makera and chorersen an* !__
choreboys. $15. $20. $25, $30. $35 and found. &
18 pruners, vineyard or orchard, $2tJ to $U0 -\u25a0*
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TEAMSTER, special city wagon. $2-$3 fiO day.
Man do ranch work blacksmlthlng, $1 23 day
anJ found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
SHASTA— SISKIYCU. ' FREE FARE.
23 laborers $60
ARE YOU GOING TO SHASTA?
15. COO Men to
WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD,
$2. $2 50, $2 73 to $3 50 day.
1200 MEN WANTED.
TO THREE STATES-
WASHINGTON,
IDAHO.
Cost only $7 73 to get there by train.
LOOK.
12 stablemen: different city stables; $60.
6 buggy-washers and harness cleaners: $40
and found.
MAN AND WIFE.
Man and wife for dining-room, hotel coun-
try; boss here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MEN and boys wanted to learn plumbing trade;
pays $5 day after completing- course of prac-
tical Instruction at home or In our schools:
graduates admitted to union and Master
Plumbers' Association: positions secured.
Coyne Bros. Co. Plumbing Schools. New
York. Cincinnati; free catalogue.
AT ONCE, bright young men. IS to. 35 years,
to prepare for excellent Government positions
In this State: starting salary $SOO per annum.
See Immediately N. H. OLIVER,. 43 Phelaa
building. 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.
WE want a flrst-class man. accustomed to s?U
at wholesale and with experience In the
talking machine business to sell at whole-
sale in San Francisco. See MR. GRAY at .
125 Geary St.. Columbia Phonograph Co. '^
WANTED — At once. good, live canvassers t'>
represent us throughout California: lars* com-
missions paid: complete outfits furnished free;
good prospects for right party. Full particu-
lars address Oregon Nursery Co.. Salem. Or.
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $80
\u25a0 : -to $ISO per month salary paid our graduates;.
cur six schools Indorsed by all railroads;
day and eve. session- apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy. 26 O'FarreU 3t.
WANTED — At once, solicitors for the city ami
vicinity: special holiday inducement. Calt
and investigate: afternoons and evenings, at
5155 Mission st.
j MEN learn the barber trade in 8 waeks; tui-
tion earned while learning: situations guar-'
anteed: only up-to-date colleges In America,
MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 644 Clay at.
AMY l/telllsent person may earn good Income
corresponding for newspaper; experience un-
necessary: send for particulars. Press Syn-
dlcate. Lockport. N. Y.
MEN and ladies to learn barber trade; new
method; .wages earned while learning; posi-
tions guaranteed after eight weeks. GILL-
MAN'S Barber College. 627 Clay st.
YOUNG men. learn sign painting; I teach you
by mail; $5 for complete cours«. Write for
particulars. NISLE SCHOOL OF LETTEU-
ING. 94 W. Mountain st.. Pasadena^ Cal.
MEN and women to learn the barber traps'
new method: wages paid while learning; po-
sitions guaranteed; special Inducements San
Francisco College.- J4I A Howard ; st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor has
added ICO new rooms to the Denver House.
317 Third St.. 250 rooma. 25c to 50c per night.
MAN to drive laundry wagon; $»53 per month;
must have $4CP. 3UT2 Mission st "
WANTED— Drujr clerk; must b- competent anj
well r recommended. Box 4SCO. Call. V_
GERMAN cabinet-maker and French polisher^
Box 4SC6, Call. -•
SAILORS and young, men (gre<m hands) for
shipa. HALLBERT. 317 Jackson at. > f
DETECTIVES— Learn the business; _on»y
made while, learoinc. €01 Montgomery, r. ***AD WAY" IS AS SIMPLE AS SHOPPING
riHLr WAXTCD — MALE — Continued.
AT r. R. HAXSEN & CO 423 Bash st.
.•\u25a0-\u25a0k ana hr!»er. hotel, city, or man a.n.l
"•Sfe. S-si\ found.
>'. »ucr and wife; waitress countr>- hotel, $50.
T«>ol *hsrpen«-r, $2 50 day and found;- wife
cock for 0 niet>; good «ri««*; party here.
Meat end pastry cook, hotel city $t;0
Washer and starcher, Coronado Beach, $40,
Tound.
U^uther hotel. laundr>-. country $40
\u25a0*V;^ite:. help's hall, city $30
Vi'aiier. .v.-jr.try. hotel, south $\u25a0*"
V ar.i: ir.r.n. drive delivery wacon, $40 and
2 prujior* ...$1 Z»0 day
Z Italian vegetable gardeners, country ho-
:<, $25. rc-oni, board each: fare paid.
J'..' It* '.J-.bprers, drillers, muckers, teamsters.
75.
C? R. IIANSEN & CO. 423 Bush «t.
\u25a0TAMKii for V. S. army — Able-bodied, un-
manied rr.tn. between aYes of 21 and 35;
ciUsfpa Of l"nited States, or tw") character
' o»pd t'rri>crEte habits, who can f peak, rea<l
.->:!.' wr-.!«- English. For tfifnrrr.p.licn apply
t l-:-c>uitiTig Ornrcr. I*o4 Ria'to building.
Nm M'nt^jtimerj- st.. S-jn Franci!'.''o. Cal.
\-?:.*.N for efJW work in an employment of-
ttcr.t office; plate experienrp, ape. wages ex-
:;s-:»j. nationality. Apply box 4535. Call.
EXf»JJBIKNCED card writer wanted. Apply
• 453R,.Ca1l cftice, Ptating experience and
'salary.
•'•..VTED — Well experienced groceryman and |
> licyor; state age and give full references.
r.cix 2s*s. r«:!.
U'ANTEP — rtoy 18 yrar* of age. Apply at
i P."N. ''tVCX'.r' & CO.'P. T4O Market 6t.
V.' ANTED — A *:irl for general housework five
jK_fatn!l}. »I.V \u25a0 Arply at ir.2o Gear> - st.
v aNTEP — Laborers: rifk and shovel, lltli
, t-i\ N'.Ft. "Sr>uih; take Kentucky -st. cart".
\u25a0\u25a0 r^FHELMAX T.-anted at 189 Jessie st.
\u25a0\ *VrniT — Men to nil 300 rooms at 20c per
ripta-; clotfi.»f> closots, hair mattresses, elec-
!f:e !ijc!-t* in ever>' room. <Vsi Howard, nr. Sd>
Uaa M iron in laundry. Call after
•Vv« ;.: ~*A Howard yt.
Ca&OS <sHit« collr^-ted; suits, attachments.
I^* a«id Aoju.-tment *20., 49 2i rt.. rm. 522.
1 r:N.-'l« 'Of a«ty.. E. A. Bullis. ra. 40. rhelan
•. i Past Opm, Ceo. H. Thomas Po*t, G.A.R.
iiiCTEL r.Ents FOO men to buy inspected
•• \u25a0 mfot Bfcae*) at CU Sacramento st.
;".«'h'«» WORKIXOMKN to buy our genuine
s»t'j» Ehoes~; all inspected. 105 Third st.
"v'!X '.'HESTER Hotel. 44 Third ft., near Mar-
*r-i- ~i>f! rixims; 35c night; reafiing-rooms;
:'«\u25a0«> bus and baitcape to and from ferry.
.T,I=VER3"ISEIIENTS.. T ,I=VER3"ISE11ENT5. suhFcr'ptions received at
Gall branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
i BRANCH offlee of The Call for th? recep-
' -.«-t. ci advertising subscriptions has
\>oet f-pentd at lt»f>S Market st.. opposite
• r :*ih. Ojx-n until 11 p. m. ' J - ".
i - \u25a0 ==
.nonSES A3TD WACOXS.
T^Zt #a!e — A grod driving horse: light bay; 15
cttaa&a high; <5 years old; pood et>ie; well
\u25a0 'i.r.ikea: perfectiy BOandj price $275. Box
3'<il. Call office. '\u0084. .."
"'VANTSD — To hire 200 head of horsee or mules
with harness for Fcraper work. Inquire for
'SmrUraUtr* MADIGAN. O'NEIL & CO., 122
'^ Grove, tt.*^
UCI'ION pale of horses, wagons and harness
«-vt-r»- Wednesday ct 11 a. tn., 527 Sixth *t.
or F£ie : suitable for lady or a doctor.
. MS Howard st.
KOTtfE fcuggj- and harness for sale cheap.
ST^TTS at RHCDA. f pg-er Frultvale. CaW--
} •";: sa!e— Horse, five years old: perfectly
sound and g<?ntle. Box 2T)79. Cal! office.
\u25a0.vN'T.en — A sood driving hcree for light busl-
dcss.. Box L^!79. Call office. --". '
HOUSES TO LET.
.*. t'IIINTKD list of hcuses^to let; Fend for clr-
q-.'.ar. G. H. TMBgEN & CO.. 20 Motgrsy.
?\u25a0' .Al:y. 20, near Fifth and Mission — House of
" room»; double risrlorr; rent cheap: $25.
HOIJKS.FniXIsnED — FOU SALE.
r!'KNi. c IiKD r-.cus* cf la rooms: clears $d 0 per
mo::th t>t preaest with 2 rooms vacant; price
f'-jm-: ,'iti Scvth Park.
lIOt:/«ES WAyTED— FCEXISHED.
PL'KNISHED house wanted in select location
of PBfdmon! or Berkeley. Address box 2715.
CUll ofSce.
COTTAGES JTOJ^ET^
NEW, neat cottage at San Francisco's health-
ful btach; 4 rooms, bath, lavatory, gas and
tlectric Mfrht: sun all day; rent reasonable.
Take Park ar.d Cliff House car. stop at 46th
aye.. c po south one-half block to No. 1275.
EJCBKI&BSD and unfuruished cars and cot-
tages, Ooear.filde district, als»o facing ocean,
t ll> ta. J. 11. D. FELDBUSCH JR.. renting
dept.. 4'<< th aye. ar.d I ft., ocean boulevard.
EIGHTH aye.. ZU. Richmond District— Rent
f22 .»: !> rooms, bath: large basement, yard.
HOTELS.
JJOTEL St. NicholaF. Market. Larkin, Hayes
\u25a0*i — Heart of fi. F. ; modern ; American and
European plans; electric light? and phone in
• very room; hot and >;o!d vratcr; quiet.
. IXVESTSIEXTS.
-.-:.:::? ct Eastern investors for sale. IIAX-
WELL. 1174 James Flood buildinr.
IXVAXID CHAIRS.
?OLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturer of the
K*.m*s tricj-cle chair. 2018 Mkt.: tel. Park 775.
« J APAXESE FLOKIST.
JAP^XTISD Florirt — Fr*-sh cut flowers every
day; plants for sale a specialty. 17OS Polk
st, near Waphirgton. I'hone East 1304.
LOST AND FOUND.
4 NECKLACE with preen stone and 3 pearls,
i'&ing from Washington and Jones to Twen-
* ty-ee<Bond and Alabama sts. Finder will
; ieai«f return to Hull Jones Et. and receive
it-wßrj!.
LOBX — A pas*bo<.ik with the Hibemia EavltißS
.-.ltd Loan Society of 6an Francieco in the
reime <-f TIMOTHY O'KEEFFE or ELLEN
O'KEEFFr:, No. 255-0)0. The finder ivill
please return to bank.
LOST— A ;«.» rx»ok with the Hibernia Saving*
and Loan S-wiety of -Ean Francisco In the
r.siae of ALBERT STANKE. No. 2'Jl-IIM.
The finder will please return to bank.
i.< f-T-.*A pas* book with the Hibernia Savings
end Loan Society of Pan Francisco in the
rame of NELSON MOORE. No. IS2-Sl3,
# J"hr- Bnder will pleare return to bank.
IXS-T— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and I.oan Society of San Francisco In the
!\Tia3ie*of GEORGE M. CAWLEY; No. 245-379.
The finder \vlll p>ase return to bank.
w ST— A lad>""8 hand bag on Alameda train.
'.Raining money end Jewelry; reward of $20.
_ \u25a0 ~2 Market st.
l/y?T — ».^r.r!Rtrnag day. lady's brooch set with
'•\u25a0Wis. Finder suitably rewarded by return-
I'-i; to Captain Wm. W. HART, CS Flood bid.
IJ>ST— SiTiall yfcllow half-breed pug dog. Name
"liif.rn." Return to Zinn Euge-ne Hotel or
• \u25a0•• Ivegere Music Hell and g«-t big reward.
1/3ST — Dec. 35, ccntleman'e ruby and dlSmond
warfpini tiberal reward. 104 Kearny st,
X)lAj brtx<ch anchor set with 3 diamonds,
«.raby. wapphire and pearl; reward. S'JS'J 17th.
ixtRT— G«ld locket; initials C. S. D. Return ~
*-" Z*U> Hddy t-t.: reward. 1
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. HoXEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot or Clay "
«.. :<r jileagure and bu.Mnefa; Ul. nush SPA. J
MEDICAL.
:jR G. W. O'UONNELL— LadIes, alt who are *
rick or in trouble, consult this specialist on
female complainu: poiii lively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the mOBt difficult caites
;reated; «-v«-ry c&*e taken; immediate relief: ~
no poisoning drugs; low fees; my method* L
will cure all cases of irregularity: consult
me; «£v« time and money; advice free. 1037
Markt-t et. ; hours, aa. m. to 4. 5:30 to 8:30. A
MRS. DR. WTETH. special Ist for all female
complaints snd irregularities; instant relief _
guaranteed: O> years' experience. »44 Post et. i
MRS. DR. KOHL. rel^Lle specialist for all fe-
rr.ale troubles and lrregularitle*; instant re- -
lief guaranteed. Office hour* 9to 5. Sunday I
30 to 2. 100SH Market Et.. oppoaite Fifth.
! ::s. GOODWIN'S herb treatment, reliable. -
•afe. prompt for female lrrefrularltle*; relief S
t*t; $10; hrg. O-«. esq Mkt. m... suite 30.
'>•?. C. C. ODONNELL— Office and resiftence _
*C2l# Market tt.. bet. Ctn and 7th; particu- A
lar attention paid to dlseaseg of women.
*~Uns. DR. GWYER. fillA Leavenworth *t.. C
»>«t Geary and O'FarrelL Phone East 697.
MKDICAI, — Continued.
DR. SYLVESTER'S office, 1206 Market st
t. Leading Specialist lor Women.
i Irregularities cured ir 24 hours or no charge;
advice free; strictly private; hours 9 to 0.
c j DR. W. R. MACY, reliable ladl*s' specialist.
iKKi Market t>t.; hours 10 to 9; Sun.. 10 to 3.
f j OR. snd MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs;
' j original method, of treatment. 112« Market.
DR. RCgEN. reMsenc« 2m» Folsom St., corner
Twt»n;r-s!xth: :adles». relief or no fee: 310..
M I S CE LL.*_\EOUS — FOR SALE.
H S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.^
'it _.°£ fice and Salesroom, lao Beale st.
V. orks and Yards. Ninth and Bryant Bts.
\\ c ha ;-e a brar.d r.ew lot of pipe complete
ready for Immediate delivery.
H-inch pipe $3 25 p«>r hundred feet (n»w)
i-inch ripe $3 05 per hundred feet (new)
1-Inch pipe $5 70 pe r hundred feet (new)
IV«-inc!i pipe .«7 tO per hundred feet (new)
l*3-inch pij.e m £0 per hundred feet (new)
.-inch pipe. ...til 85 per hundred feet (new)
2Vi-ln. screw pipe <2d hd); ready for use, lCc
3-in. screw pip« (2d hd): reac'.y fcr use, 12Uo
-Vj-ln. screw pipe (id hd); rrsdy for use, 15c
4-in. screw pipe Cd hd): ready for use. 10c
Send ty check, money order or coin by
W. F. Exure*!. Co., with order.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office 130 Beale et.
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps
pulleys, thaftlng. etc. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO. 130 132 Beale st!
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAX, ISC-197 Fremont st.
FOR tale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool table*; easy payments; we rent tables
with iTivileee of buying; modern bar flx-
turte; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLEXDER. t>S2 Mission st. S. F.
ANOTHER rebuirt No. 1 Smith Premier Type-
writer. JSS: a bargain. L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery st., agents L. C.
Smith & Bros.' visible typewriter.
COPPERSMITH'S power hammer, 16 hp. port-
able engine, 10 hp. vertical engine. 40 hp.
engine and boiler, machinists' lathes. 602
Third »t.
WOODWORKING double-headed shaper, 12-
Inch and SMnch sticker. 30-lnch bandsaw.
foot mortiser. JOHNSON & HORAN. 602
Third «t.
A — BUYS, sells ana rents gear machinery, en-
pines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
«-tc. WHITELAW.- 330 Main st. -\u25a0'.c-i..;
FOli sale — A sealskin as good as new.
. MUNICIPAL LOAN OFICE.
907 Market st.
MACHINERY, boilers and engine* bought,
sold and exchanged; power plants in their
entirety bought. Western Mhy Co.. 230 Main.
A — GENTS' full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton et.. second floor.
A — THOMSON steam engine indicator; practic-
ally new; great barg. L. Epstein. 53S Mission
GENUINE white diamond ring; sacrifice. 397S
Eighteenth st. : Wednesday only.
YACHT Neptune for Bale. 246 Sutter Bt,
room ».
BABY A! Vieta panorama cameras, $3 50; take
pictures 2VjxC-'!4. Sunset Bazaar. <2 Third.
HIGH grade second-hand office safe and wagon
acale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 Csllfomla.
SAFES — Must make room; no reasonable oifer
refused. 123 New Montgomery st.
DESKS and effice furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES— Printer. 511 Sansome st.,
San Francisco. - r Jr:- .-\u25a0
TWO merry-so-rounds; one miniature railway.
BACIGAI.TTPI. BCS Kearny ft.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO., 417-27 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bt'LLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ANDERSON pays highest price for ladle*' and
gents' clothing. TeL Howard 1187: 154 9th st.
DIAMONDS, etc., bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 40fM01 Adam* bldg.. 20C Kearny st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
CONFIDENTIAL.
Loans of all kinds and of every description
made .on pianos, furniture, warehouse re-
ceipts, livestock and to people on their In-
dividual notes at banking-housi; rates; in
case of sickness or less of employment we
extend your loan, so you take no chance of
losing your roods; your business Is strictly
confidential, as we make no inquiries of your
neighbors; goods remain in your possession
and you can have the loan as long as you de-
Eire; if you have any outstanding bills or
owe any loan company, we will pay them
for you ar.d give you more money; it is
easier to pay one than a number; to ladles of
prominence we make loans without any se-
curity whatever; we can refer you to any
bank or newspaper In this city; don't fail to
call and see us and we will cheerfully ex-
plain to you our up to date method of doing
business; you meet no one at our separate
and private offices. ILLINOIS TRUST
COMPANY, room 16. Phelan building; phone
MONEY ~~~
ALWAYS ON HAND.
SUMS FROM $10 TO $300.
HATES NO HIGHER HERE. |
TERMS A LITTLE EASIER AND
PAYMENTS MORE CONVENIENT.
A COUPLE HOURS' NOTICE WILL DO.
COURTEOUS TREATMENT ALWAYS.
SECURITY— A CLAIM ON YOUR FURNI-
TURE. PIANO. HOUSE. VEHICLE OR
SALARY. ETC.
NO PUBLICITY ABOUT IT.
"NO BANK MORE RELIABLE.
PROOF— OUR LARGE BUSINESS.
EVERY REASON YOUR APPLICATION
SHOULD BE LEFT HERE WHEN YOU
NF.ED MONEY.
WE'RE READY AND WILLING.
ENTIRELY NEW PAYMENT PLAN.
HOUSEHOLD LOAN CO..
202-203 CALLAGHAN BLDO.,
MARKET AND MCALLISTER STS.
PHONE SOUTH »22.
LOAN HEADQUARTERS.
,AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
COl-«02-C03 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments. ':•-
J-'ave extmoaen -by dealine directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests: essitraments of rents, property in trust,
etc. : legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money '-\u25a0:•.- v--'
Eec HERMAN MURPHY. ,
AXT2 salaried employe or wage earner can get
Just \u25a0in his note:
Monthly Seml-M. Weekly.
$50— Return to us.. sl3 35 $8 65 $3 35
?3rt— Return to us.. 800 400 200
$20— Return to us.. 535 2C5 ISS
$15 — Return to us.. 400 200 100
Or any other sum, and pay back In proportion.
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO., COO Rialto bldg..
\u25a0 New Montgomery and Mission sts.
_ WILL LOAN
reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full Dartlculars
of property,
J#ooation. etc
Box 223. Call office.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton st.. near Market.
2d floor.
Loans made to salaried people without any
publicity or other inconvenience on their
notes. Loans on real estate in probate, life
insurance poll cles . estates, second mort-
gages, assignments of rents, etc. ;.
SALARY LOANS— .
Money loaned salaried people wltbout secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment.
Call and get term*. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 1
per o«=nt interest. Baldwin's Jewelry \u25a0 Store,
f(7B Market et.: tel. Main 1044. Branch 1192
Market «t. and 27 Third st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; Urge business In 40
- principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other . security ; lowest
rates- no commisssion; confidential. 506-7
Donohoe bldg.. 8 Taylor St., corner Market.'
LOANS to salaried people without indorser;
prompt attention and liberal terms. \u25a0• The
City -Loan Co. 211 Crossley building.
ALVA CO. loan* money to salaried people
without security; good terms, easy payments;
also on other security. 607 Jas. Flood bldg. .
1 PER cent on ruruiture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 28 Mcntgy ft., room 21.
LOANS*to SALARIED PEOPLE without secur-
ity;' loan* on indorsed 'notes and other secur-
ity. S. F. DISCOUNT AGCY.. 125-7 Phelan.
SALARIED people without security; also on
furn.. estates In probate, life ins. policles.eto.
Empire Loan & In\est. Co., 612 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount, real estate or other *ecurlty;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE." 26 Montgomery, r. B.
CASH loaned salaried people on notea without
lndoreer.' Federal Loan Co.. 609 Exam. bldf. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,; DECEMBER; 27, 1905.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest: gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious ' stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10' Sixth st.
S% ON furniture &. pianos; $15 up; no removal;
> no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
DON'T borrrow money on salary until you .see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. R Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
McGARVIE A CO ,720 Market st.,loans money,
fin to SO per cent of valuation of property.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
UPRIGHTS .FROM $63 UP. '=\u25a0",--
Plyel, Emerson, -Roenisch, Smith & Barnes,
Gabler, Curtaz, Sterling and' many^ others, on
easy payments; open evenings. \u25a0 ' •
BENJ. CURTAZ & EON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A SPECIAL list of bargains this week: stand-
ard makes included; rent $2 per month up;
installments $4 per month up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 237 Geary st. . ." . ' , _•
A NEW piano .for rent at. $3. per mo. ; others
at $2 and 52 50; one Tear's rent allowed if
purchased. -SCOTT-CURTA Z, CCO Hayes st.
SAVE'dealers" profits; buy direct from factory.
. DEITEMEIER PIANOS, BSB Valencia St.; be-
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth. \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
BARGAINS \u25a0in pianos and musical merchan-
. disc. Call afternoons' and evenings at 8155
Mission Bt.-^ - .
A FISHER upright piano, $155. 237 Geary st
ALMOST given away; storage pianos and furnl-
ture. Whitehead's Storage, 1636 Market st. :
A FISHER upright, $90. Call from Ba. m. to
0 p. m.. 584 Valencia St.
BARGAIN — Chlckering upright grand; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNQ. 218 McAllister.
PIANOS extraordinary, stock East'n mfgr. sac-
riflced; terms to suit. Statham, 110 McAllister
SUPERIOR, vlolina, zithers, oldYand new., H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT uprights, new, 2d-hand, $40-$5OO.
PIERCES Piano Factory. Market and 14th.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 30S-312 Post st.
NEW upright planoa sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickerlns baby grand;
Shonlnger little used. Ke^ffe's. 2ST» O'Farrell.
' _ i s^vMs.^^^ :^^- r j^i^
DR. LIEb7S~~IJtaFF~ Free Museum" "of "
Anatomy moved to 1023 Market Bt.. near 6th.
PERSONALS.
"REXRADIO" offers Y-O-U a list of 500 city
REFERENCES. You can call and S-E-E
the hopeless sick cured, and yourself get a
FKEE SAMPLE of the power. This Christ-
mas season you will be charged for "treat-
ments" ONLY ONE-HALF the usual mod-
erate fees. The BEDRIDDEN can be VIS-
ITED. Patient* at a DISTANCE are treated
through the MAILS. Office hours 2 to
6. Offices CROWDED; come EARLY.
"R-E-A-D A-G-A-I-N" and SHOW your sick
FRIENDS LAST SUNDAY and MONDAY'S
I-M-P-O-R-T-A-N-T REPORT by Editor
Engleke. regarding many WONDERFULLY
sucessful treatments of alleged INCUHABLB
"disabling" Inflammatory RHEUMATISM.
DROPSY, PARALYSIS. NEURALGIA, LO-
COMOTOR ATAXIA, TOTAL DEAFNESS,
DIPSOMANIA, DEAFMUTISM, . BRIGHTS
and HEART diseases, etc. ADDRESSES
of the grateful patients (also WITNESSES)
5 given you. Offices 609 Kearny st.
A FREE ill. 47-page book on piles and fistula,
containing much valuable Information con-
cerning rectal diseases; Bent free to any suf-
ferer. Frank R. Weston, M. D., author, suite
501-2, Donohoe bldg., Mkt. &\u25a0 Taylor, S. F.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*,' London
721 Market st.
MME. GILLINGH AM. dermatologist; wrinkles
absolutely removed without pain; contour re-
Etored. 030 Market St.; tel. Montgomery 1311.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. the tailor, 720 Market st.
8 BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25. lor $9 75. 440 Bush., pr. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK; suits to order. sls up. LEMOS,
1127 Market gt.. bet. Seventh and Eighth., :
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;'
•country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at.
Call Branch office, cor. Dnncar. & Church sts.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
R^OV'ED^RT^roN^HIM, he7b~doctoK
treats all diseases of the ' human, body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at 607 Geary st., near Leavenworth. *.-
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All die-
eases cured by Chinese- herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PAINTING AND MPERHAXGI3VG.
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up; 75,000 rolls. -wallpa-
p*r. be UP- Hartmann Paint C 0. ."319 Third.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented ; U. S and foreign
patent laws. F. P. MEDINA, 532 Market st.
PROPOSALS. .
ml?R^AU~ol^O^T^ : O^KX N MA^?nlA7*pTT^
Dec. 20, 1905.— Sealed proposals for the con-
struction of two steel wharves In Manila
harbor will be received until 11 o'clock
a. m.. April 5, lOOti, and then -publicly
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion to this office or to the Bureau of Insular
Affairs, Washington, D. C. Plans may be
seen at the above offices and also at the
United States Engineer offices at Chicago
and San Francisco and at the offices, of the
Engineering News and Engineering Record
at New York. W. L. FISK, Lieutenant
Colonel, Corps of Engineers, U. S. A., Direc-
tor of Port Works, Philippine Islands.
DIVIDEND^ NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice. — Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montcomery st., corner of Sutter, has
declared a dividend for the term ending De-
cember 31. 1905. at the rate of three and
one-half (3%) per cent per' annum, on all
deposits, free of taxes, and payable on and
after January '£. 1006. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate of
Interest as principal. EDWIN- BONNELL;
cashier. \u25a0 '. . ' .\u25a0 . \u25a0 ;.*"-.
DIVIDEND Notice, California Safe Deposit and
Trust Co., corner California and' Montgomery
eta. For the six months ending December
81, 1905, dividends have been declared on the
deposits In the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at the-rato of 3^ per
cent ocr annum, free of taxes, and payable
on and' after Tuesday, January 2, 1906. ' J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager. j
DIVIDEND Notice — Italian- American. Bank,
400 Montgomery st., corner Sacramento and'
Montgomery stst For ' mri half year . ending
December 31, 1905, a dividend has been de-
/ clared on all savings deposits at the rate of
a 00-100 per cent per annum,' free of taxes,
\u25a0"payAble on and after Tuesday, - January •2,
1900. Dividends, not called for are added to
and bear ' the came rate of Interest as the
principal. A. E. SBARBORO,- Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice, Mechanics' Savings Bank,
* 143 Montgomery st.. corner. Bush — For the
half year ending December 31, ISOS, \u25a0a' divi-
dend has been declared on all savings : de-
posits, free of taxes, at the rate of three and
one-half (3Vi) per cent per annum,' payable
on and after Tuesday, January it, 190tt. Dlvl-'
'dends not called for are added . to . and bear
the same rate of Interest as principal.": Inter-
est paid fr6m date of deposit."- . •
JNO.U. CALKINS, . Cashier, y
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank
of San Francisco, 710 . Market • «t. — For the
half-year ending December. 31, : 1005, . a divi-*
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and one-half (8%) per cent per annum. on
all deposits, compounding seml-annually,
' free of taxes.' and payable on and after
Tuesday, January 2, 1008. -
; GEO. A. STORY. Cashier. .
DIVIDEND notice, -San: Francisco Savings
r Union. R32 California St., cor. Webb— For . th*
half year ending with Dec. 31, 1905, a divi-
dend has been declared at the, rates per an-
num of three and six-tenth* (3 6-10) per cent
on - term deposits and three : and ' one-third
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on * and after Tuesday, v Jan.
2. 1906. LOVELL WHlTE.'; cashier. - '
THE Continental Building and Loan Aseocla- ;
tlon of 801 California st.,: San: Francisco,' hae
declared a dividend for the six months ending
December 31, 1905. . of tt per. cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, 0 per cent en term de-
posits and : 6 per r cent > on 'class "F"''' stock,
: payable on and after January 6, 1906.
WASHINGTON DODGE.' President.
WILLIAM CORBIN.- Secretary. .
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK. 315 1 Montgomery
et. ; for the half year ending ; Dec. 1 31, •. 1905, \u25a0
a dividend has been declared; at s the ; rate "of
three ana one-half .' (3%) per -cent* per ran-
" num on all deposits, . free of - taxes/*- payable
on or after January. 2, 1906. "LEON :BOC-
.' QUERAZ, Secretary. . vtfJHBHBBftfItIH&HH
DIVIDEND notice, German Savings and Loan
Society, 526 California St.— For the half year
ending Dec. 31, 1005, a dividend has been de-
clared at > the r rate •of • three I and < six-tenths .
(3 6-10) per cent per annum on air deposits,
free of taxeß," payable on and after Tuesday,
Jan. 2. 1900. GEORGE TOURNY, Secretarjr.-
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE— CITY.
D. W. CARMICHi^EL COMPANY,
: 232 Montgomery Street/ \u25a0 -\u25a0 \u25a0
Branch 0ffice...; .....:... 2543 Mission et.'
$550 each for lots on 40th avei. O and P
. sts. and on P Bt., bet. /45th and 46th
ayes..
\u25a0 $700 — Large lot, 50x114, 60uth line of Dun-
can st., bet. 27th and 28th sts.
i $I,ooo— Large lot, '50x110. on the .of
;: >'- Valley and Diamond Bts.
$I,2so— Large lot. 50x90," 17th aye!, near : B
st. This Is only $625 per lot for this
: location. . • .
$I.6oo— Corner, 106x114, Noe and Army st*.
$2.ldQ— Good house and ' other T buildings; 1 6
city lots, near Mlsslon-st. cars. , \u25a0>
$4,500^ — Two-story house and lot; \6' rooms;
; good modern building; Grove *t.;_easy
terms.
$5,250^ — Chinatown; in block bet." Dupont and
Stockton, Clay and Sacramento; lot 20x
57:0; brick bulldinjr; well rented; rents
.. $55 00 per, month.,
$s,soo— Finely located 9-room house; large lot,
.'(0x125; good barn; 17th St., bet. Mis-
sion and Howard.
$7,600 — 2 fine flats- Waller St., near Scott;
renting for $60 per • month and always i
rented.
$9,500 for 3 new modern flats; renting for
$984 per annum; 6 rooms each; lot 25x
100; McAllister st.. near Lyon.
$10,000 — Modern residence of 12. room* ;* mar-
* bio steps; hard floors; 4' car lines; In
first-class neighborhood and must be
f 6een to be appreciated.
$12,500— Monroe st ; large lot, 60x80; 2 old
houses renting for $80 per month; this
location makes this a good buy. .
$13,000— 3 modem' flats in good renting neigh-
borhood; Fell st.; 6-7-7 rooms; rents
$1242 per annum; lot 25x137:6.
$14,500 — Modern flats renting for (115 per
month on good block; Hayes at. '
$14,500 — Fine large lot, 50x137:6; on Sutter
St., near Buchanan; with old Improve-
ments. -
$15,000 — 3 flats on Post Bt., near Webster;
„ renting for $119 per month. • y
INSURANCE and BONDS.
SOL GETZ & SON, REAL ESTATE- OWNERS.
HEADQUARTERS' FOR PARK AND OCEAN-
SIDE LOTS!
,r? 'Tjj, Profit byiour Judicious purchases.
We select our properties In beet locations.
All Make Money that buy from us.
$650 to $1250 — Graded lots in Oceanside ready
to build on; near Park, Ocean and cars; unob-
structed view of Ocean and park. Easy terms.
$250 to $1600— Lots along Ocean Shore R. R.
Route; also fronting Ocean Boulevard; buy
from owners; best values; easiest terms! >
$500 to $800 — Richmond Height lots; Choic-
est home sites ever offered at lowest prices.
Superb view of Park. Ocean and Spreckels
Lake from every lot. Choicest locations. Cor-
ner Point Lobos and 34th ayes. Lots in graded
block cannot be beaten.
See Them To-day.
Oceanside Branch Office, Corner "H" St. and
47th Aye. . •
Open Daily and Sunday*.
$150 to' $400— Excelsior Homestead and Ocean
View lots, only $5 monthly.
$1500 *o $3500 — Modern cottages; splendid lo-
cations in Sunset. Richmond, Oceanside and
Excelsior Homestead.
. Easy Terms.
SOL GETZ & SON, OWNERS & DEALERS.
Room 54. Fouilh Floor. Chronicle Bldg.
SELLING -' -" . \u25a0 .' ~
TO BEAT THE BAND.
ONLY $1 20 A WEEK;
$275 — Elegant -, }cv«J . building 10t5, .. close to
school; fine car.-Bsrsv.ice-.on Mission St.; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead ;\u25a0 stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozone is not polluted
with dust and smoke, to say nothing of the
deadly microbe; no interest and no taxes. •
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS. A
. ONLY *10' A MONTH.
$400 fcr finely "located lots 3 . blocks south
of the" park; electric car service unexcelled;
.enhancing In Value with every stroke , of the
clock; buy now; next week may be too- late;
"Nat Goodwin" Is not the only man. that ap-
preciates this beautiful section; no taxes.
W.J. WHITE: COMPANY,
26 Montgomery St., room. B. -j<- \u25a0 •
$40,000— ELEGANT new; flats; near Hyde and
Clay fits.; lot over 50 feet frontage; select
neighborhood; first-class condition; rents
$320 a month. \u25a0\u25a0 , .
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post Bt.
$10,000 — FINE business Investment ; rented un-
der lease; Eplendld building; . concrete
' basement and foundation; store and bay-
window flat of 7 rooms "and bath; How-
ard st.: rents $720 per annum.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.
$2000 CASH' will buy brand new first-class T-
room residence on the east tide of 4th aye.,
between Clement ' and California sts. ; bal-
ance to suit purchaser. HENRY BUR-
ROWS. owner and, builder.
ABOUT $1000 cash,' bal. at $50 monthly, will
buy NE. cor. with a handsome, new 6-room
house; cars pass door. See Molse. 417 Market.
ATTRACTIVE bargains in city real ' estate
only of BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery
St., San Francisco. ' '. " '-,
$SCO CASH, $30 monthly will buy brand new
cottage of 5 or 6 rooms on Second aye., near
McAllister St.- F. NELSON, owner- & builder.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
INVEST AT
:'; POINT RICHMOND.
POINT RICHMOND.
POINT. RICHMOND.
POINT RICHMOND.
POINT RICHMOND.
LOTS $50 UP.
. LOTS $50 UP.
T rVi**J fK/i ,-r>
• - *A/i.o $,i\r ur,' . - ... , \u25a0/•''.
LOTS $50 UP.
. LOTS $50 UP. :
$1 00 DOWN. r - $1 00, A WEEK.
NO INTEREST! NO TAXES!
\ Directly on Car Line! •
Point Richmond is Growing Rapidly! :
Our Lots Offer Good Opportunity to Investors!
PACIFIC REALTY CO., I X'?
PACIFIC REALTY CO.,
. PACIFIC REALTY CO..
- 419-420 GRANT BLDG.. S. F.
Cor. Market and 7th. Tel. South 1070.
ALTA PIEDMONT TRACT.
GOOD SIZE LOT'
• AT A SACRIFICE.
All street ' work complete." \u25a0• . ; -
Small cash payment required.
Mortgage can stand.
' > IT IS A SNAP.
- See me at once. . .
WM. ,M. BUTTERS.
Phone Oakland 3432.
468 Eleventh ' St.. Oakland.
' PALO. ALTO REAL ESTATE./
CO-OPERATIVE Land and" Trust Co. are tho
.owners of largo blocks of, real estate lnv"Th«
. Twin Cities," Palo Alto; and Mayfleld,'- the'
\u25a0 : Stanford , University \u25a0. towns ; 5 large « lots.n $300
and" up; cement walks; graded streets, etc.;
email monthly payments; t country, property;
\u25a0 houses ' for rent. \u25a0 San ' Francisco \u25a0 office,'., 720
\u25a0 Market; : phone ; Front 31. •..- Salesmen wanted."
HALFMOONIBAV J^ALjJBSTATEjVj
FINE ; beach I lot, ; 50x165; 2 i frontage*; cheap.
Address, bpx 2746, Call office.
- GOVERNMENT LAND.
WE .will locate you' on good Government land;
\u25a0 j you are entitled .to 1 320 acres of Government •
' - land, 160 acres -of i agricultural : land i and also
160 acres of a timber claim. Call and see us
: ,ati6l4A Jones st. Tel. . East 4733. ". PACIFIC
I LOCATING. DEVELOPINO AND COLONI-
•/ ZATION. COMPANY. ;'\u25a0-.; .- ..y- \u25a0;._\u25a0
':.\u25a0':!- ;":\u25a0;' reallestate',wanted.^.- : ;:V;;.:v
LAND \u25a0 wanted ' for 'subdivision ; '; will >' buy ; out-
- right or will ; join owner in booming addition
or/ town -site. MAXWELL;- r. ;; 1174. James
Flood:-, bldg.? • \u25a0" \u25a0-' -- . '\.^-:X .-\u25a0 \u25a0 -•\u25a0". - v- - .\u25a0"- '.\u25a0---
1 1 PROPERTY^ WANTED. v ; ,.
WANTED-^-Good': city' and • country.- real . estate.!
: BURP.-P ADDON CO.", 40 Montgomery it.', B.F.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— -For Sale.
OLD ESTABLISHBD.' ALWAYS RELIABLE.
W. J." WHITE COMPANY.
LOANS. -' ..' INSURANCE.
>./"•\u25a0>. ; TITLES. GUARANTEED. 1
\u25a0 $4000 — Near Healdsburg, 21 acres rich loam,
slightly rolling; ; 12 acres ffir"r r " orchard,' 9 years
old; 6 acres bearing wine grapes; 2 acres hay;
modern 6-room / hard-finished :': ' house, ,: bath,
pantry^ closets, cellar; 6 poultry houses; brood-
er and' Incubator houses; large 2-story barn;
well fenced; $1700 can remain • indefinitely;
might * trade \u25a0. equity bay horn*. • .
.- $2200— 14 acres fine soil, 4 failles Santa Rosa;
S-rcom cottage; family . orchard/ barn, poultry
houses/ good well, tank house; mortgage $800;
trade equity cottage around bay and assume.
"$3500 — 20 acres, between Elmlra and Vaca-
vllle, 60 miles city; level sediment loam; 10
acres full bearing apricots and peaches, net-
ting $600 this season; large berry patch: nice
5-room cottage; good barn full of hay; new
windmill \u25a0 and tank ; large storehouse ; poultry
houses; close to graded * school ; $1000 can re-
main. '.\u25a0 '- ''-•\u25a0 f . '.\u25a0.:-: ' \u25a0' •.
$12,000—112 acres level loam" In famous Tur-
lock Irrigation: District; close, to station: all
checked and | 95 acres growing alfalfa: under
ho£ tight fence; niodern 2-story residence, hard
finished, gas,' hot and cold ' water (photos at
this office); 2 fine barns; carriage house;
30,000 gallon cement tank: figs, oranges,
grapes; $0000 can remain; fine income home.
$5000— 20 acres rich alluvial soil; banks fine
creek; 1 miles town; 60 miles city; 10 acres ap-
ricots, 7 acres . prunes, assorted fruits, berries
and alfalfa patch; 6-room cottage, large barn,
windmill and tank; complete drying plant: 1
poultry houses, brooders. 2 Incubators; $500
worth of hens; Jersey cow; 2 heavy horses,
harness; 19 tons hay, wagons, etc. -
' $1550 — A crackerjack \u2666 Sonoma City poultry
farm, 5^ acres, half mile depot; coay 3-room
cottage; brooder house and brooders accommo-
date 1000 chickens; 2 Incubators; wire netting
yards; 200 young pullets; buildings all new;
half cash. • \u25a0 , .
$1600 — Close to Sebastopol and electric cars;
10 acres; 6 acres blackberries, 2 acres straw-
berries and raspberries; fine springs; small
house and outbuildings; half cash. \u25a0 . . .
$2000 — SVS acres full bearing apricots and
prunes, near San Jose; cozy. 4-room cottage:
barn, windmill and tank; poultry houses; half
cash. 4 \u0084
\u25a0 $875 down— 7 acres sandy loam, on electric
road, near Santa Rosa; good dwelling, barn,
poultry houses; grapes and berries; $1400.
$75 per acre — 65 acres Island land, 12 miles
from Stockton; under irrigation; free water; In
potatoes, . . beans, onions, asparagus and rye
gTass; 4 miles b tat ion; boat landing on place;
old improvements; rents $10 per acre; we also
have adjoining place, .60 acres, with new
buildings, at $70 per acre. .
$3500 — 150 acres, 2 miles from Columbia; 4
room house, large barn and about 14 - tons of
hay; new farm, wagon, spring wagon, buggy,
harness; 20 "head of graded cattle; 4 fine
horses; 200 Plymouth Rock hens; 50 turkeys;
Incubator, brooders; farming tools; large out-
side range; 20 acres river bottom under culti-
vation; 3 acres full bearing orchard; 0000-gal-
lon reservoir.
$5500— Fine roadhouse, 1 mile station, 5 miles
San Jose; corner 2 roads; 106 acres land, 22
acres level, balance rolling; 6 acres full bear-
ing orchard; large. house, shade trees; wind-
mill and tank; large stable, sheds; poultry
houses; can't bo beat.
We are making a specialty of 5 and 10 acre
homes on the electric road between Petaluma
and Sebastopol, with or without buildings, on a
very small payment dpwn and balance long
term at 6«per cent Interest. See them to-day.
Send stamp for large Printed List.
26 Montgomery St., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
YOUR OPPORTUNITY
TO SECURE A HOME.
CHOICE 10-ACRE TRACTS
; IN SUTTER COUNTY.
BEST 'ORCHARD LAND
IN CALIFORNIA
AT EXTREMELY REASONABLE PRICES.
Address P. O. Box 51. Yuba City. .J. ::^
$23,000— A LARGE and old established, well
paying hotel ' business with a" flrst-chws
equipage in all of Its departments, occupying
26,400 square feet, 3 frontages, in center of a
busy country city In a. great citrus belt, 85
miles north of San Francisco; owner making
a fortune out of this plant, wishes to retire
from a continuous service of many years;
cash down $14,000, balance $9000 on mort-
gage. Photographs and particulars to buyers
• only at 452 Eddy st. - - ' ' - Ti
ALFALFA irrigated lands; $25 per acre; $1.
down, 'sl month;' no Interest. ' Pamphlets at
. INDEX LAND B. CO., 241 Crossley bid.
A STAMP brings our free catalogue of country
land. BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery
st., San Francisco.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
BERKELEY AD^TjJBT'S'NTS
• -BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln Station, South Berkeley.
$1350 — 3-room cottage; bath, pantry, etc.; lot
40x127; close to Key Route station; terms
$100 down, balance $16 Der month.
$1500— Bargain; 4-room cottage; bath; pantry,
etc.; lot 50x135: Close to Key Route and
S. P.; terms $150 cash, balance $20 per
month.
12000 — Cheapest 5-room cottage in town; bath,
pantry etc. ; lot 40x100; terms $200 cash
and $20 per month.
$2500 — Elegant 5-room cottage; paneled bath,
*>antry and laundry; extra well built;
handy to Key Route and S. P. ; terms $250
cash and $25 per month. -,•
$3000 — Extra fine "6-room cottage; thoroughly
modern;, high cemented basement, water
-and gas connected ; close to Key Route;
' street work and walks complete; terms If
desired. ' •
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorln Station, South Berkeley. Open Sunday.
OAKLAND ADVERT^M^TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY. " .
OAKLAND REAL .ESTATE.; _ ' :v: v V
IT; MIGHT AS WELL BB YOU. -
When I set out to Bella lot it Is bound to go.
This lot Is, going to be sold so low that the
buyer can make a good '\u25a0 turn on the Invest-
ment rlzht away. .-:;,. '\u25a0-
iOne of the most desirable lots in the beauti-
ful Alta' Piedmont Tract. Almost at your own
figure Street work, sidewalks/sewers, water
and gas mains complete. All ready to build
upon risht now. • - ;.".:".*.>.
FINE RESIDENCE NEAR BY.
\u0084-M AGNIFICENT VIEW. .
It, ls going at a sacrifice if sold at once.
See me to-day or reach me by phone Main
0704.: : -.' «V .\u25a0•-\u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0• • \u25a0 \u25a0
W. J.' WHITE, 20 Montgomery st.. room 8.
\u25a0'.-.-• \u25a0\u25a0..-•:\u25a0, \u25a0•;\u25a0.'.- '-LOANS : ~ ~~T
Fro m - $100. An y
Amount, Any Propo-
V Bltlon on Realty.
V ' v D v RAY .. SMITH.
426 Tenth '5t. .............. .Te1. Oakland 4370.
v"; OAK LANDJ HOPSE STO LET. -_ _\u25a0
BEKINS~~VAN AND - STORAGE. CO.. > general
movers— We ha\'e the best warehouse In the
West "(only covered- vans used). - DON'T
MISTAKE THE -NUMBER.' 1016 Broadway,
Oakland: phone Main 907. -
OAK LANjn^FJ^^ITJUR^^O^^AI^E.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniture.
H. .' Schellhaas, 11th St.. cor, store, Oakland.
San Francisco ? Advert's'ents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
miCH aye., - 648 — 3 large unfurnished room*
jfor housekeeping. Apply 642 Grove st.
BRYANT, 444— Two or three sunny front room*
* nicely furnished for housekeeping.
EDDY," B32— -All kinds of rooms; housekeeping
:-'or single;: sunny.- •"- .- - '-"'-. ' :?:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0»\u25a0 \u25a0 ,'" \u25a0•-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0-::•\u25a0?
FOURTH.* 22s— Suite nice housekeeping room*;
;.; also jingle. \u25a0\u25a0:.:•\u25a0-. \u25a0* "*..-:' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 , ..>;•\u25a0'''-., V
GEARY, 1225-^Finely^furnished -large front
suites complete for housekeeping., bath* and
; all . conveniences: . also j other rooms at very
: reasonable 'rates. .-".'.'."• "... • . '\u25a0 - - ' -
GEARY, 1275-ri r ine sunny; front- suite com-
plete for; housekeeping; unexcelled nelghbor-
> hood ; ! private family; only $20 per month. --<.->
HOW \RD, •*3— I>arge sunny furnished room;
light hskpg.; couple prior 3 girls; $3 50 wk.
HOWARD, 1130 Yi— Sunny housekeeping rooms,
, £ bath and: stationary .washtube.:, •
JESSIE, ' 323— Sunny .,' rcom,~ furnished, ' house-
. ;= keeping, gas range; glhKj $2.75 and $3 week.
LARKIN.I IO42-^Sunny ; unfurnished' housekeep-
t". Ing -.'room*. •: :,'':^- : -:'-'i-.-^ f '-'-'\u25a0-• '*- : '
MARKET. ; 1027%— Nice ; front suite rof house-
. keeping i rooms : gas ; ; other; rooms; light
.-housekeeping.: '> : 7 \u25a0 . -*\u25a0
MISSION,*. S23— Sunny housekeeping, suiter also
...Bleeping room.. ,'' j. ; '•.-\u25a0• '. •*- ' \u25a0 ',\' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 •.'..- :
NINTH. 124-f Large * front - bay '.window suite
;:; for.; housekeeping; 1 : gaa; stove; grate. $16. ii-^ : \
OAK, \u25a0 117,' " or \u25a0 14 *\u25a0 Pag*—^Comple^e' for ; house-
kceplng; $5 to $12; hot bath; 'laundry; adults.';
: ROOMS FOR HpySEKEEPiyG— Con.
O'FARRELL. 834— 2 nicely furnished . house-
keeping rooms, only $15; also one i large
room. $13. . . •• \u25a0
POLK, 601— One front room for light house-
\u25a0 keeping; •or suitable \u25a0 for , two . gentlemen.
SIXTH. 393— Nicely furnished sunny bay wln-
dow rooms for housekeeping; $10 and $12 per
month.'. , ... ' .......
SIXTH. , 436H— Nicely furnished *lngle or
double rooms ' complete for light housekeep-
lns; nice quiet family; rent very reasonable.
SUTTER,. 871 — Nicely furnished rooms com-
plete for. housekeeping, either single or al-
\u25a0 cove. suites: 'gun all day.
SUTTER. '2302— Elegantly; furnished *unny
suites for housekeeping; regular kitchen;
phone; piano; reasonable. . .
TEHAMA. B—4 housekeeping room*; business.
location; rent cheap. - - . . .
THIRD. 33414— Nice sunny housekeeping
rooms to let at reasonable rates." -
TENTH, 162— Nicely > furnished sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; suites $12 per month.
Single furnished rooms $6 per month.
TURK. 802— Nice and convenient' furnished
rooms complete fcr housekeeping; gas «ange,
water, etc.; reasonable rent. J'-
TURK. 816— Parlor floor. 4 rooms, furnished,
for housekeeping: private. . . :
TURK 1159 — Nice front *ulte for, light house-
keeping in new modern flat; also nn» single
rooms at very reasonable rates; single room*
desirable for students who can have board
if desired; nice quiet family.
TWENTIETH, • 2609, cor.i Valencia— Nicely
furnished room* for housekeeping; regular
kitchen. :
VAN NESS aye., 712— Nicely furnlahed single
.room* at $8 per month; also other rooms at
reasonable rate*.
VAN NESS aye.. 819— Nicely furnished sunny
room* complete for housekeeping- from $7 up
per month,' ' ... .
VALENCIA, 223— Large front bay window al-
cove, sunny, neatly furnished, large kitchen
complete for housekeeping; gas range; phone;
very reasonable; adult*.
NEW 4-story corner apartment-house; sunny
side; open for inspection and reservation; all
suites have modern kitchens; electric lights,
etc. Apply 231 9th st.. opp.; tel. Howard 2670.
A— KENILWORTH. cor. Bush. Powell— 3-room
sunny aparta.: single rooms; modern; reas.
ROSS WELL Apartments, 1360 Pine, near Hyde
—2. 3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam heat.
RANDALL Apartments. 120 Pierce St.— 4 un-
furntshed rooms; exceptional :' only 2 left..
ROOMS TO LKT-rFarn. and Unfnra.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN.
Corner " Ellis and Leavenworth sts..
In the heart of the city. .
x- 300 rooms; 100 baths.
Modern in every detail.
Rates *3 to $13 per week.
Rooms, with private bath. $1 day.
Tourist travel solicited. -
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth sL— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASH aye.. 22, near Polk — Pleasant, sunny
room; quiet, private family; $7; central.
BELMOND House, over Owl Drugstore- \u25a0 % en-
trances. 1126 Market and. 21 Turk — Electric
lights, running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night. $1 25 to $1 week.
BURTON Hotel, 1126 Howard St.— loo rooms;
new house: modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
BUSH. 324 (The Elmer)— Fine furnished gunny
rooms by the day. week or month; cen-
trally located. '\u25a0"''%
BUSH. 775 — Newly furnished *unny rooms to
let; running water, baths, etc.; rent reduced-
board If desired. .
BUSH; 1940 — Nicely \u25a0 furnished rooms suitable
for two or three gentlemen; sunny and
pleasant: reasonable.
BROADWAY. 934— Large sunny furnished room
with grate to let.
CALIFORNIA. 1424— Sunny, front furnished
rooms to ;let; ; all new^; ;- - .. . ,--> v! . -.' .
DEVISADERO. 18*4— Nicely- furnished sunny
rms;; up-to-date flat;. private family; reas.
EDDY, 333-^-Nlcely furnished front rooms; also
others; very convenient; hot and cold water;
reasonable. •
EDDY. 878 — A modern flat; newly furnished; 2
•- or! room suite; single rooms; beautiful house-
keeplng rooms; plenty of light and sunshine.
ELLIS. : 823 — Elegant furnished, suites with
bath; reasonable rates; single rooms* $2 SO
week and up>' - -.. . > .
ELLIS. 777 (Hotel Jerome) — Newly opened;
elegantly furnished single rooms and suites;
. private baths and all.. .modern conveniences;
special rates will, be given tourists, . \u0084
FOLSOM, 1805— Nicely furnished rooms, all
new, with gas and bath, from $1 50 week up.
FULTON. 231— Single rooms; all lmprove-
ments; gentlemen; walking distance Market.
GALT HOUSE.' I2O6 Market St.— Choice room*
\u25a0by day, week or month; central, location..
GEARY, 376— Rooms to let; single, double and
en suite; rents reasonable.
GEARY. 657. near Jones — Nloely furnished
single and double rooms to let; rent reason-
' able; walking distance.
GEARY. CCO— Large light sunny furnished front
rooms; other -rooms; upper flat. >:
HAIGHT, 882 — Nice eunny. rooms; single or
en suite. : •
MASON, 406 — Sunny front room; suitable for
two. $12; also small room; $6 month. - .-
HICKORY aye., 251— Completely . furnlahed
rcon.s to let.
HOTEL Hamilton, and cafe, 125 Ellis bet.
Powell & Mason sts., S. F. — Rms $1 to $3 per
day; steam heat • & telephone in each room.
JONES, 1316 — Two fine sunny unfurnished
rooms; . reasonable.
KEARNY, 323—3 rooms or first floor, fur-
nished or unfurnished; suitable for business.
LARKIN, • 819%— Sunny front room, suitable
E for lady or , gentleman,' $8 per month..
LEXINGTON. ay».. 133, bet. 18th and 19th —
Nicely furnished room In Mission warm belt;
rent very reasonable; quiet family. ".
METROPOLITAN HOTEL," 129 Thtrd St.— loo
single and family rooms, 35c to II 50 per
day; $2 to $S week; the only new and modern
hotel and roomlmr-hoyse In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric I ly'.its. call bell*, steam heat
In every, room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to Its tnieata.
O'FARRELL, 373 — Nice neat furnished rooms
to let; also other rooms for light house-
keeping. If desired. - -
O'FARRELL, 632 (Dolores)— Elegant furnished
sunny suites : and slrigle rooms; all modern
conveniences, elevator, etc.; reasonable rates.
POST. 217— Rooms to let, single and. en suite,
nicely furnished; very convenient to busi-
: ness center. \u25a0*."
POWELL. 239 — Nice 'furnished sunny front
rooms. ; single or en. suite; gaa grate, bath,
- : running water. • . '•
RIO VISTA HOTEL, 253 Third et, near How-
- ard — New house with modern conveniences;
rooms en suite and single ;, rates by day, 35c
up; by week, • $2 up; baths free to guests.
STEVENSON, - 797*4— Fine . furnished single
rooms from $1 25 per week; private house.
SUTTER, 3d - (Larchmont) — Fine furnished
rooms, with all modern convenience*; elevator
all night: $3 per week and up: transient.
TURK, 204 — Fine furnished large sunny rooms
to let; running water; good location; -$1 75
ptr week and up. .
VAN NESS aye., 631— Nicely furnished large
\u25a0unny rooms to let ; : walking distance; react.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 4oo
\ rooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week} elec-
tric light* (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read- room; free bug, baggage.
WOLF House; cor.. 6th and Howard — No better
\u25a0 ' transient ; house ;in city ; . rooms 13c to 60c
per. nljrht: 90c to $3 per week. -
WINCHESTER, HoteI, 44 3d St.. nr. Market—
: Most convenient and respectable, 700 room*.
350 to $1 60 nightly, $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus. baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for .the recep-
- tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened- at . 100& Market *t., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. . J !
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Call branch office, cor. Dtmcan & Church sts.
\ ROOMS AND BOARD. ~y
A LAKGE- handsomely ' furnished . sunny front
room; bay window, hot water and connecting
.' room;" suitable 'for- two* or? four. v with excel-
; : lent board .in private- family; near park;
' reasonable. -. Phone Page 8356. Box 4540, Call.,
VAN; NESS \u25a0 aye., " SOO. cor. , Eddy (The Alta
? /Vista)— Elegantly ci furnished sunny - rooms
- with excellent table . board ; . reasonable : rates.
THE * old ' Stevenson " mansion : at 807 ! California
; et. • • has .;" fine <\u25a0" and * sightly rooms ; - best •of
' table i board '\u25a0 at ! lowest rates „In city ; , fine bil-
\u25a0 Hard-room i for ; use ; of ' guests. :.:. .' \u0084:;
ROOMS ANI> HOARD — Conthined.
EDDY. 530 (Hotel Garland)— Newly furnished
suites; modern and up-to-date; single rooms
and private baths; excellent tabla board:
reasonable rates.
ELLIS. 1204— Newly furnished bright and tun.
ny' rooms with board, for married couples or
single. gentlemen; good home cooking; free)
phone and bath; inspection Invited.
ELLIS, 1265— Large finely furnished rooms,
with or without board; all convenlencea; &ne>
locality; good car service; homelike; rates
low.
BUSH. 1305. near Larkin — Newly furnished
front room; excellent table board; hems com-
forts. \u25a0
CALIFORNIA. 1350— Nicely furnished room*
and board In good Spanish family; American
and Spanish cooking; reierences.
HYDE, 612A — Newly furnished room* h nice,
quiet family; good table board with homa
cooking: single $22 50 per month; for two $43.
EDDY. 722 — Nicely ' furnished rooms with all
comforts of home; convenient; German cook-
ing; reasonable rates.
FOURTEENTH, S24 — Pleasant rooms and
board, with bath; suitable' for 2 or 4 young
m«n; ready Monday.
LIBERTY, SO— Fine furnished double and sln-
gla rooms; hot and cold water; baths and all
conveniences; excellent table board.
McALLISTER. 612 — Sunny rooms; home cook-
Ing; phone; one, $22 50; two. $«0, $45. tabla
board.^ . .
SEVENTH. 232— Newly furn, rooms: sun all
day; with or without board; flr*t class; new
home.
VAN NESS aye.. 603 (Hotel McAllister)— Ele-
gant furnished suites; private baths; flno
table board; good location. \u25a0
VALLEJO, 543 — Comfortable front room; good
Spanish board; bath; piano: $20 month: refs.
iBUSH. 173S — 2 sunny furnished rooms, en sult»
>\u25a0 or single; private; German; board optional.
GEARY, 840 (Malson Tence) — Fln« front
suites; splendid French table board; rea*.
GOOD board and room; 3 meals $20 month.
No. 1 Martha dace, off Geary st.
LAGUNA. 1301. cor. Ellis— Sunny rooms, with
board: best home cooking: private; rea*.; ref.
GEARY. 640 (Malson Tence)— Fln« furnished
' suites or single; best French table board.
LEAVENWORTH. 1233. apartment 1239— Sun-
ny room; board for 2 gents: horn* comforts.
O'FARRELL. 1770— Rooms and board; private
Jewish family. *
PINE. 7S7 — Sunny rooms; good home cooking;
$22 60 up. .
AND WAREHOCSEB.
A — EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furnitures,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Flllmore; tel. West 828.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; teL Main 1340. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds 'rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth. \u25a0
ALL kinds second-hand. $3. $5. $3; slightly
used. $10, $15, $20. You know where dolls
swing in tht. window. 1051 Market st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
A TYPEWRITER Is the best holiday girt, es-
pecially for the boy or girl; partly used $100
machines of all makes from $20; fully guar-
anteed; rentals from $2 50 monto. W.
SCOTT. 207 Montgomery st. ,
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith. Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals, $2 50. Th»
Typewriter Exchange. 530 California st.
FOR sale — Very cheap, a \u25a0 Fisher billing and
bookwrltlng typewriter. MUNICIPAL LOAN
OFFICE. 907 . Market st.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT NOTlCE— Kllauea Sugar Plan-
tation ' Company. Location of principal place
of business. City and County of San Fran-
cisco. State of California. Notice la hereby
given that at a meeting of th* board of di-
rectors of the said company, held on the 19tb>
day of December. 1905, an assessment of one
dollar ($1) per share was levied on the out-
standing capital stock of the corporation
I (33,135 shares), payable Immediately to th»
secretary at the office of said corporation.
No. 527 Market street (room 4. second floor),
in the City and County of San Francisco,
State %of California. Any stock on which
this assessment shall remain unpaid on the
20th day of January, 1906. wtll be delinquent
and advertised for sale at public auction, and
unless, payment is made before win be sold
on Thursday. February Sth. 19C6. at the hour
of three (3) o'clock p. m., to pay the delln—
' quent assessment, together with the cost of
advertising and the exz>ense of the sale. By
order of the board of directors. H. W.
THOMAS. Secretary Kllauea Sugar Planta-
tion Company. Office of company, 327 Mar-
ket street (room 4, second floor), in tha City
and County of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia. (San Francisco, Cal., December 20th.
1905.)
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE of Consolidation of Mechanics' Insti-
tute and Mercantile Library Association —
Notice is. hereby given to all whom It mar
concern that Immediately after the expira-
tion of one month from the date of the' first
publication of this notice the above name*d
corporations purpose to consolidate all of
their and each of their debts, property, as-
sets and franchises Into one corporation, to
be . known - and styled Mechanics' Institute.
Dated Dec. 28, 1905. Mechanics' Institute,
by Rudolph J. Taussig. president: Joseph M.
Cummins, secretary. Mercantile Library A#-
sociation, by D. E. Miles, president; C. K.
Bonestell. secretary pro tern.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
NORCROS3 Institute cures stammering; new.
I scientific, complete. Office. Market A Taylor.
\u25a0 . — *
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Engraved weddlny' invitations, visiting & busi-
ness cards, crests, etc.; high-class work; mod-
erate rates. J. H. Duncan. 12tJ Kearny, rs. 1-X
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlag» license* were Issued
yesterday: .
Luther O. Brown, 87. Los Angeles* and Alice
Clark. 22. San Leandro. -*•
James J. Bain. 25, MartlnsvtUe, 2nd., and
Edith Ralston. 23. Nineveh, Ir.d.
Charles Woodbridre. 45, 314 . Sixth street,
and Annie Vlalra. 33, 314 Sixth street.
Edward T. .Smith. 22. 293 Shipley street, and
Mary A. Sllveria, 19, 149 Clara street.
- Daniel D. Wolfrom. 21. 1224 Golden Gat*
aye., and Stella Pleoer. IS. 1 Middle street.
. William H. Young. 21, Stockton, and Eliza-
beth J. Barber. 18.. 179 Turk street. '^
William A. Gregory, 31, 614 McAllister St.,
and Blanche B. Lanthter. 19. 614 McAllister st
Albert J. Dolllnger, 21. 10!> Third .street, and
ara C. Rice. 18. 406 Octavia *treet.
William Kllnger, 21, 6€O Linden avenue, and
Cat>ryn E. Kenney, IS. 1110 Potrero avenue.
Lloyde K. Guillte, 21, Healdsburg, and Pearl
' M. • Dunwoody, 13, \u25a0 Healdsburg. \u25a0 • -» '
Moses Koppel. 40. 439 O'Farrell street, and
; Alice V. Jackson, 85. Edxewood. TTPmriiM|»jsni
Pastuale 11. Cairo, 32, Sacramento, and *
Mary F. Goepel. 38, Sacramento.
Samuel E, Conn, 21. 730 Bush street, and
Rose Ellis, iS. 2310 Sutter street.
Beaumont Brown, 21, West Berkeley, and
Gertrude McEntlre. 18, 806 A Lyon street.
Martin Vosnek, 25, 346 Fourth street, and
Anna Vc-jak. 24, 843 Fourth (treat. .
, Frank O. Plotner. 41, Sacramento, and CUrs
Platt. 35. Sacramento.
John Svonson. 33, 98 Eighth street, and Crui
Fltzharrts, 36. 357 Golden Gate avenue.
Oliver G. Beardslee. 24. 1112 Leavenworth
at., and Gladys H.- Page, 20. 1634 Fulton *t \u25a0-
Carlo Dlstefano. . 21, 71 Manchester street,
and \u25a0 GtosepDa - Palazota. • IS. 63 Manchester * §t.
Cbarle* V. Marcellus. 26. 480 Ellis street,
and Abbie B. Leithner, 25, Minneapolis. - .
Thomas Smith, 43, 417 Kearny street, and
Annie Collier, 25, 404 Eddy street.
William G. Zusar. 21, city, and Mabella
Fltr ßibbon. 13, city. . " _
Charles J. Calllhan. 2T, Fresno, and Etta S.
Chapoell. 27,' Santa Cms. -
Harry M. Varkowlth. 24, 601 Eddy street.
and Kama A. Kaplan. 34. 601 Eddy street.
- Paul Sllaccl. 21. Cambria, and Glaeomlna.
Pellanda. 18. Cambria.
Berrytnan 'D. - Holt,- 33. 411 ' Van Ness are.,
and Gertrude M. Miller. 27. 411 Van Ness aye.
Edear V. Rogers, 31. Sacramento, and Ma-
rie Deltrickson. 27. Troy, Kans.
. John M. Reid. 26. 377% Shotwell street, and*
Jeanle F. Manwell, \u25a0 20, 2U3ft California aye.
Daniel Z. O'Neil. 27, 168 Clinton Park, ana
Halena C. B. Hoehna, 22. 2 Cumberland place.
Costanvo Ellena. 26. 423 Broadway, and Oio-
vana Qotelli. 23.1321 Kearny street.
Armand B.'Levy, 21.,1253 Geary street, an<J
Anna L.< Haubold. 18. 3425 Sixteenth street.
Paul V Blanc. 42, Denver, Colo., and Mia • \u25a0
nle E Rlcharda. 30, Denver. Colo.
William B. Fox. 23, ««- Eddy street, aa"
Anna A. Fltzserald. 23 1011 Hayes, street. .
. Herman A. Radloff. 20, ll'-i Dyckman placa.
and Edith E. HUpert. 20. 275 Parker avenue.
.John D. 11l la. 20. Ancon. Panama. an<?
Maryan Leonard, 29, Itt Commonwealth avenue.
Continued on Pase Fourt««a»
1314
BffiTHS-ffIABRIASES-liEASBS,
Birth, marrlaw and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Inflnrped with- the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same imblished.
Notices restricted elmply to the announcement
of the *>vent are published once in th'.s column
free of charge.
BORX.
ALSING— In this city. IVcember 24, l»05. to
th« wife of F. W. Alsing, a daughter.
CCftRIEA— In this city, December 21. 190".,
to the wife of John F. Corrlea. a son.
GC'RFINKEL— In this city, December IC. 1905.
to the wife of Jacob Gorflnkel mcc Aurich).
a son.
WELTON- In this city, December 25. 1905, to
lie wife of .T. "W. Welton, a eon.
ZIMMERMAN— In this city, December 14.
1905. to the wife of Eugene Luther Zimmer-
man, a. gon.
MARRIED.
KITT— LUNDBERG— In this city, December
24, 1905. by the Rev. E. I- Wall. Dastor
Fourth Congregational Church. Bruce J. Kltt
end Uannah E. El Lundberr. both of San
Francisco.
ZIMMERMAN— McLAUGHUN— In this city,
July 1, 1905, by the Rev. Father McGinty,
Robert Zimmerman and Tessle McLaugh'.ln.
DIED.
Alb?rs, Wilhelmina. 72 McKenny, Daniel, 30
Bennett, Mrs E. McNally. John, 79
Brvdfleld, Octavia, 43 Mead, Blanche Durant
Breltweiser, Amle Mehl, Joseph H.. 4 m.
Buege, Hermann. 60 Moore, Ellen M.
Buletti. Rocco, 41 Muller, Florentine, 67
ChaJiners, George F. Nelsan, James M., 29
Chandler, Martha A. Nelson, Thomfts, 81
Charlock, Wm. H., 76 Paravagna,Caterina,B4
Clifford. Ellen. 57 Pierce. John, 78
Conroy Madeline R.,4 Powers, Wm. E., sm.
Dlttmer. Meta. 63 Price, Nellie, 44
Dorsey, Annie, 31 Quinn, James C, 3
Flanagan, Sarah, 33 Reinert, EJizabeUv 89
Fleming, Michael. 32 Ross Oormack,J.A.T.,
Garland, James, 65 89
Ger&srhty. Catherlne,29 Schmidt. Isaac. 66
Ji*.: e». John H., 72 Schmitz, Ignatz, 67
Heaiey, Lewis J. Smith. Elvira Ray
Hunter, Sadie A.,36 Smith. Nick C.
Jotnson, Mabel. 22 enider, Elizabeth, 71
Kearns, Mary, 62 Sullivan, Cornelius, 20
Lanthier, Mabel Traynor, Catherine. 42
Logan. Dr. M. H.. 50 white. Henry. 62
LoventhaJ, Nettie, 59 wickson, G. G. Sr., 84
Mason. John E.. 58 Wilson, Katherine. CO
Mannix. John, C 5
aLIJERS— In this city, December 26, 1905, Wil-
helmina A., dearly beloved wife of B. Mar-
kuf= Albers and devoted mother of Mrs.
Minna Mete? and Mrs. H. M. Wreden, a na-
tive of Nordleda. Hanover, Germany, aged j
72 years 3 months and J5 days.
ciyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the services to-mor-
row" (Thursday). December 28. at 2 o'clock
p. m.. from the residence of her daughter,
Mrs. H. M. Wreden, 847 Fillmore street,
near Fulton. Interment private. Kindly
omit flowers.
BENN"F:TT— In Los Angeles. Cal.. December
'21. 35»05, Mrs. E. Bennett, mother of Henry
C Charles A. and George E. Bennett and
Mrs. T. A. Elsen.
BHKDFIELD— In this city. December 25,
lttOS, Octavia Bredfleld, beloved mother of
Harry K. Sledge and Mrs. Bessie Lauman,
a native of California, aged 43 years 11
jrcnths and 13 days.
BKEITWEISER — In Warm Springs. December
2ti, ,1905, Amle, beloved wife of Charies
Breitweisfr, and devoted mother of William.
Me.rearct, Charles. FTed, John and the late
Thomas BreHwelger, a native of Ireland.
£>~Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fuly lnvlttd to attend the funepal Thursday,
December 28, at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, thence to Mission San Jose, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
lhe repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mission San Jose.
Bi'EOE-ln this city. December 26. ISOS. Her-
mann, beloved husband of Catherine Buege,
tmd father of George Sothmann, a native of
Uermar.y. need 00 y«ars and 23 days.
ICTFriends. acquaintances and otflcers and j
members of Court Precita. No. 3398, I. O.
Foresters, are resj>ectfully. invited to attend
the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 1:30
I', m.. from the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, j
BI'LETTI— In this city, December 25, 1905,
Rocco Buletti. dearly beloved husband of
lirminia Buletti. and father of Margarita
and Antonio Buletti, a native of Switzer-
land, aged 41 years 4 months and 0 days.
C^Remains- at jariors of Valente, Marinl
& Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
CHALMERS— In this city. December 26, 1905,
George F. Chalmers of Niles, beloved hus-
band of Minnie Snyder Chalmers, a native
of Canada.
C Notice of funeral hereafter.
CHANDLER— In this city. Deccir.ber 24. 1905,
Martha A. Chandler, beloved mother of Mrs.
Elbridzp Durbroxr. (Waltham, Mass., pa-
per? please copy.)
E3"lnterment took place December 26.
CHARLOCK— In East Oakland, Cal.. Decem-
ber 25, 1905, at 1120 East Tweaty-nrst
*irfet. William Henry, beloved husband of
Mary L. Charlock, and father of Mrs. P. W.
Ci ai£, Mrs. W. Burton Brown, William H.
''liarlock Jr., Clifford Charlock of Honolulu,
Nat B. Charlock ar.d the late Mrs. John
Kush. a native of New York, aged 70 years
•J months and S days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ft* f'jiwral services
Wednesday. ' December 27, at 1:30 o'clock
P- m., at the T«-«-nty-Uilrd Avenue Baptist
Church, corner of Twenty-third avenue and
East Seventeenth street. East Oakland.
CLIFFORD— In this city. December 26, 1905.
KlUn. beloved wife cf Patrick Clifford, and
mother of Nellie and William Clifford and
the late John and Joseph Clifford, and sister
of John McGee and Mrs. B. Wills, a native
of County Donegal. Ireland, aged 57 years. '
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- '•
fully invited to attend the luneral D-morrow i
<Thumley), at 8:30 a. m., from her late
r<»?id<jice. 1170 Harrison street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high !
mass will be celebrated for the retvise of \u25a0
her eoul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross I
Cemetery. " ;
CO.VROY— In this city. December 25. 1905.
Madeline Ruth, dearly beloved daughter of
Ptter T. and Annie Conroy, and sifter of
Gertrude Oonroy. a native of San Fran-
ris».v>, aged 4 years II months and 6 days.
C7"Friends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-m^rr- w
\u25a0 Thursday), at 12:45 o'clock p. m. from her
late residence, 3S Belcher street between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth. Church and San-
ifa«»z, thence to Mission Dolcres Church for
servicrs. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. F
DITTMER— At rest, in this city, December " 26.
I9QS. Mcta, beloved wife of the late Fred- I
eri«k JJittmer. and devoted mother of Mr».
Katie Siebke and Hermann Dillmer and
craiidmother of Alfred and Clara Siebke, a
native of Germany, aged 63 years and 9
days.
LOR^EY— In this city, December 26. 1905, at <
her residence, 730 Treat avenue. Annie.
beloved wi> of William Dorsey. mother of
Eimra Knack, daughter of Fred and Meta
l>amke, and sister of George and Fred
Danike. a natire of San Francisco, aged 31
years 10 months and 22 Hays.
FLANAGAN— In this city Dec-ember 25 1905
Ka-rali 8., beloved wife of John J. Flana- J
gan, and mother of France? G. Flanacan, a
r.ativ*- of Ballyshannon. County Donegal,
Ireland, aged 33 years 9 months and 21 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are lesoe-t-
\u25a0 iUlly invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at S:l5 a. m., from her late
residence. 1110 Scott street, thenoe to Holy
«.ro»j Church, where a requiem high mass j
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
m 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
FLEMING— In this city. December 26 1905
Michael Fleming, dearly beloved son of the
la.ie David end Sarah Fleming, and ne->hew
or Mrs. Mary Drucker and Frank and ' Pa-
trick Grimley. a native of San Francisco
agtd S2 years 10 months and 7 days
CTRemains at parlors of Valente Marinl '
t Co., 1524 Stockton street.
GARLAND— In this city, December 25. 1905
cn^ineer^ aEed yearS ' £teve <lore-
at the parlors of McFadden
Mrßrearty „& Green. 1171 Mission street'
between Seventh and Eighth.
G ?^ GHTV - In this cUy - December .25, 190.-.
• atbertne. dearly beloved daughter of
Micbael and Catherine Oeraghty, arid loving
Ulster of Michael and William Geraghty and
the late John Geraghty and Mrs. Mary M.
\\ ilson, a native of Waltham. Mass., 'aged
29 years and 2 month*.
C7Friend« and acquaintances areresifct-
fuUy invited to attend the funeral to-day
<W«Jnesdayj, at 8:30 a. m., from her late
. residence, rfio Lar.gton street, thence to St.
Josephs Church, where a requiem high mass
. will be celebrated for the repofe of her soul
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
. Ores* Cemetery.
"'t^F 5 ;? 111 0 - C*s. December 26, j»O5
John Howard Hayes, brother of Thomas R
and Daniel E. Hayes of this. city, a riaUve of
' ITS Mal1 *' BECd '' Z 3ear9 * ™«Xand
CTFuneral Wednesday. December *>7 at
Decoto at 12 o'clock. Cremation at Moun-
«* n rl^ Cem ? t !Z? % on arrlva » of train leav-
ing Decoto at 1:20 p. m. *.
HEALET— In thi* city. December 26, 1905,
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
{Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher*
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBa'IMERS
-.. 20 Fifth ft., opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Director* and Embalmens— —
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW AT 6CC MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st
Finest Ecuiomenta at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry 1 Jansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO.
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Ftmera! Directors and Embelmers— —
£14 Kddy Bt. Tel. K*st 86. *
Lewis John, dearly beloved son of Edward
J. and Martk Annette Healey, and brother,
of William E., Eugrne and Matilda Heaiey
and Mre. N. H. Wolff, a native of San *ran-
• cls;o.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
(Thursday). December 28. 1905. at 9 o clock |
a. m.. from St. Marys Cathedral. Inter-
ment private.
HUNTER— In this city, December 25, l»05,
Sadie A., beloved wife of William H. Hunter,
and mother of Ruby, Fearl, Diamond. Gar-
net. Onyx, Emerald, Hector. Sadie, Y\ Hue
and "Jewell Hunter, a native of Cleveland,
Ohio, aged 36 years 11 months and 5 days.
JC7Frlonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ; funeral to-day
• Wednesday) at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
funeral parlore of Bunker & Lunt, ' 2(5b6
Mission street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third (Mission Masonic Temple). In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In > this city, December 24, 1905.
Mabel Johnson, beloved daughter of Mrs.
Emll LanKhous and the late James Elmer
Johnson, and sister of Mrs. F. H. Garland
of Vallejo. Cal.; J. H. Johnson of Los An-
geles and J. E. Johnson of Marshfleld, Ore.,
aged 22 years 8 months and 18 days.
(EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), December 27, at 10:30 a. m..
f rdm the mortuary chapel of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission
street, near Twenty-first. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland.
KEARNS— In this city, December 26, 1905,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Thomas
Kearns. and , mother of Mrs. L. Law and
Thomas, William, Nellie, Frank, Jerome
and Henry Kearns, a native of Baltimore,
Md., aged 52 years 6 months and 15 days.
LANTHIER— In San Jose, Cal.. December 25.
1905. Mabel Lanthler. beloved wife of Louis
L Lanthier. daughter of Mrs. M. Whltters
aad the late W. S. Whltters, and si<«ter of
Mrs. Jennie Berlin. Mrs. Ida H. Joncensen
and Mm. Laura M. Grady, a native of San
Francisco.
[OTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitedto attend the iuneral services:
to-morrow (Thursday), December 28, at l:d0
o'clock p. m., at the home of her mother.
353 Thirtieth street, between Church and
Sanchez. Cremation Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery.
LOGAN— In this city, December 26. 1905, at
the resldenca of his parents. Dr. Mllburn
Hill Logan, a native of Illinois, aged 50
years 4 months and 20 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral 10-mor.cw
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., at the
Mission Masonic Temple, under the auspices
of Mission Lodge No. ltf». F. and A. M. In-
terment St. Helena, Cal., Friday. Decem-
ber 29.
LOVENTHAL— In this city, December 26, 1905,
Nettle, beloved wife of Isadore Loventhal.
and mother of Maurice and Raye Loventhal,
a native of Missouri, aged 59 years 5 months
and 22 days.
MASON— In the City of Mexico, December C 6,
1905 John Elliott Mason, beloved husband
of Nelly C. Mason, and father of Mrs. Fred-
erick Palmer, a native of New York City,
aged 58 years.
(CT Interment Greenwood Cemetery, Brook-
lyn. N. Y.
MANNIX— In this city, December 26. 1905,
John, beloved brother of Thomas, Margaret
and Julia Mannix, a native of County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 65 years 3 months and
11 ds;-a. <>__...
ETNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the residence of his brother, 1807 Post
street.
MoKENNY — In this city. December 26, 1905,
Denial, beloved son of Daniel and the late
Cecelia McKenny, and brother of John and
Michael McKenny and the late Mre. Mamie
Hornbeck, and uncle of Francis Hornbeck,
a native of San Francisco, aged 30 years.
McNALLY— In this city. December 26, 1905,
John, beloved husband of Sadie R. McNally,
and father of Mabel G. McNally, a native of
New York, aged 79 years 5 months and 27
days.
MEAD — At Byron Hot Springs, Cal., Decem-
ber 26, 1905. Blanche Lturant Mead, wife ot
Lewis Risdon Mead, and mother of Dr. Louis
Durant Mead.
!Er Funeral services at 1:30 p. m., Thurs-
dar. December 2S, at the Church of the
Advent. corner of Sixteenth street and
Twelfth avenue, East Oakland. ,
MEHL— In this city. December 25. 1905, Jo-
seph Harold, dearly beloved son of Charles
and Matte Mehl. and brother of Clayton,
Carl Birdie and Vivian Mehl, a native of
Marysville, Cal., aged 4 months and 13 days.
MOORE— In this city, December 25, 1905.
Elleu Mills Moore, dearly beloved wife of the
late James Moore, and loving mother of Mrs.
Nellie Bennett. Mrs. Annie Kraeft, Mrs.
Maggie ilcEvoy, Mrs. Katie Murray and the i
late Henry Moore, and devoted grandmother
of Thomas J. Stone, a native of Longford,
Ireland.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances ar. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 12 o'clock, at
her late residence. 313 Green street, thence to
St. Francis Church for funeral services. In-
terment Holy Cross . Cemetery.
MULLER— In this city, December 26. 1905,
Florentine Muller. beloved mother of Mrs.
Martha. Wolf and Mrs. Agnes Richter, and ;
sister of Mrs. Lena Werdan. Mrs. Pauline
Werner and Francisco. Theodore, Phillip
and the late Agnes Muller. a native of Ger-
many, aged 07 years 11 months" and 9 days.
NELSON— In this city, December 26. 1905,
Jaraes M-, beloved son of James and the late
Bridget Nelson, and loving brother of Jo-
nephlne Nelson and Mrs. E. Hornbeck and
Mrs. G. Cullen and the late John E. Nelson
and the late M. C. Hughes, a native of San
Francl6co, aged 2a years 8 months and 29
days. A member of San Francisco Aerie No.
5. F. O. E.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
("Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 275 Shipley street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 a. ra. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
Members of San Francisco Aerie No. 5, F.
O. E., are requested to assemble at his late
residence. 275 Shipley street, to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock
sharp.
NEi^juN— ln Centerville, Alameda County
Cal., December 26, 195, Thomas, beloved
husband of the late Mary Nelson, and loving
uncle of Michael Culligan and Mary, Ethel
and Kate Little, a native of Selt. Germany,
aged 81 years 10 months and 11 daye.
%-T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 28, 1905, from his late residence,
Centerville, Alameda County, Cal., thence
to Catholic Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 11 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Cenlerville, Alameda County, Cal.
PARAVAGNA— In this city, December 25
1905. Caterina Paravagna, beloved wife of
the late Luigi Paravagna, and lovinz
mother of Adelaide Grondona. Josephine Par-
dini and the late Dominlck and Nicholas
Paravagna, a native of Italy, aged 84 years.
(L^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 28. 1905, at 9:30 o'clock a m ,
from her late residence. SI 3 Union utreet
thence to St». Peter and Paul's Italian
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. in. Thence to cem-
etery.
PIERCEX-In this elly, December 25, 1905
John Pierce. ' a native of Tauehmaconnel!
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 78 years.
(tyFrtends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock.- from his late
residence. 750 Fourteenth street, thence to
- Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
ooul at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city, December 26, 1905
William Earl, beloved son of Nathaniel and
Pauline Powers, a native of San Francisco
aged 5 months and 11 days.
PRICE — In this' city, December 26, 1905
Nellie Price, a native of Boston, Mass., aged
44 years.
E7"The funeral will take place Thursday
December 28, at 10 a. m. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via 11:30 train. Remains at
the funeral parlors of James McGinn & Co
214. Eddy st. _
QUINN — In this city, December 25, 1005,
James Columb, beloved '; son of James ' and
Maria ret Qulnn, and brother of John J
: Francis A. and Mary Quinn, a -native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years 11 months and
'Si da vs.
( E7"nie funeral will take place to-day
; (Wednesday), at 10 a. m., from the residence
of his parents, 17 Hattie street, oft Eirht-
e»nth. Interment private. Holy Cross Cem-
etery. '
REINERT— In this city. December 24, 1905,
Kllzabeth Reinert, beloved \u25a0 mother, of ., Mrs!
Catherine Wyman. Mrs. A. P. Wagner, Mrs'
Louisa Kilhmeyer, . Mrs. A. D. Allen and
Mrs. John J. Allen, : a ' native •of Germany,
; ae»?d 89 years.
E3 p Frl' > n<ss and acquaintances - ire resr/ec v
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), December 27, at 10 a. m
! from the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
i Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission street.
: near Twenty-first. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
I ROSS CORMACK —In Allendale. Alameda
! County, Cal., December 24, 1905, John A. T.,
j ! beloved brother of Rev. James Robs Cormack
i and Margaret F. Cormack Connal, a native
of Bengal, . India, aged 39 years and 11
months. .
CNotlee of funeral hereafter., •. v
SCHMITZ— In thia city, : December 25, . 1905,
Ignatz, beloved husband of Anna L. Schmltz,
and father of Rerlna I. Schmltz, " the late
Ferdinand . I. and E. Russell Schmitz, J a na-
tive of Germany. . aged 67 years. \u25a0-',
ETTbe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., , from his
late residence, 2272 Howard street. Inter-
ment private. .
I CHAS. H. J TRUMAN& CO.
The 'Leading -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS
Of San ; Francisco. , ; '
1909 MISSION STREET
Bet. 15th and 16th. Telephone Mission 109
THE SAN FRANCISCO : CALL, WEDNESDAY^DECEMBER 27, 1905;
SCHMIDT— In this city, December.- 26. 1905.
Isaac \u25a0 Schmidt, a native of . Germany, asred
'" 66 years. . \ • :.
SMITH— In Gardner. Maes..,- December 25,
' 1005. Elvira Ray. beloved *\u25a0; wife of ; the late
William HeniT Smith, and mother of George
Anioß Smith. Alice M. Cooley and Charles F.
Priest, a native of Gardner. Mass. :
. IC7"The funeral will take place Thursday
in Gardner. Mass. • V
SMITH— In .Los Angeles, December 24, 1905,,
Nick C. Smith, beloved son of A. S* and
Mary S. Smith, and husband of t Amanda,
and father of Nick G.' Smith, and brother of
John, France Stella, .LHlie, Anthony . and
Eva Smith and Mrs. J. R. Bradstreet. ; ."
CTRemalns will, arrive in this" city , to-
night, owing to unexpected delay.; Notice of
'funeral hereafter. : '\u25a0 : _.
SNIDER— In' this city,' December: 25, 1906,,
Kllzabeth, beloved wife of the late D. C.
Snider, and mother of Mrs.'J. W. Brlsgs of
Tonopah and Rodney | P. . Snider. • a native of
Now York, aged 71 years and. 2 months. >
ICT Remains at the parlors of >H.> F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between , Seventh
and Elshth. : - .
SULLIVAN— In this city. -December 24, 1905,
' Cornelius, dearly beloved son of Patrick and
Mary Sullivan, and brother of Marearet.
Daniel and Alene Sullivan, a native of San
Francisco, aeed 20 years 1 : month and 11
days.
K?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m., from the resi-
dence of his parents, 34 Alvarado street;
off Guerrero, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third,, thence |to ; St. James Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrs v.'d
for the repose of . his soul, \u25a0 commencing at. 9
o'clock a. m. 'Interment. Holy CrcE.-i '.*<?ine-
tery.
TRAYNOR— In this city, December 25, 1005,
Catherine, beloved wife of John Traynor, and
mother of Belle. Florence and Charles Tray-
nor, a native of Bandon, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 42 years.\ '
E7"Notlce of funeral . hereafter, i Remains
at the Darlora of J.'.C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
WHITE— In this \ city, ' December' 25, \ 1905."
Henry, beloved husband of Annie White, and
father of James, Donald and Mrs. George
Plato, a native of Liverpool, England, aged
52 years 11 months and 6 days. (Brooklyn
and New York papers please copy.) ' . -<\u25a0
EyFriendß and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 28, nt 12:30. from the Darlors of
Julius S. Godeau, 810 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WILSON— In this city. December 25, 1905,
Katherine Garvln -Wilson, wife of Thomas
B. Wilson, daughter of the late Rev. A; W.
Garvln of the Troy (N. V.) M. E. Confer-
ence, and aunt of Mrs. L. \u25a0 Merrihew Pearce
of E! Paso. Tex., a native of New York,
a^ed 60 years.
E3*FTiends'and acquaintances are respect-
full;' Invited' to attend the funwal services
to-day (Wednesday), at 10 a. m., at the
„ chai>el of N. Gray & Co., 612-614 Van Ness
avenue,- between Golden Gate avenue and
Turk street. Interment private.
WICKSON— In Berkeley, Cal., December 25,
1905, George G. Wickeon Sr., father of E. J.
and G. G. Wickson and Fannie A. All worth,
a*ed 84 years and. 10 months.
(C^Funeral eervlces to-day (Wednesday),
December 27, at 10:30 o'clock a. m., at his
late residence, 2723 Bancroft way, Berkeley.
Interment Drivate.
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to thank our many friends for
their beautiful floral . offerings and sympathy
in the bereavement of our mother, Eliza .
Fitzzlbbon.
DR. GERALD FITZGIBBON,
DR. FRANK FITZGIBBON.-
DR. JAMES FITZGIBBON, .
MRS. J. E. HOWE.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY,
/ San Mateo County.
MASOMC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
586 James 1 Flood Building, S. F.
COMMERCIAL- NEWS.
Continued From Pas* 15.
by these banks for the first half of .this year.
The First National Bank of San ' Francisco
has declared a Christmas dividend \u25a0of $4
per share, amounting to $CO,OOO. The regular
dividends of this bank are at the r^te of 10
per cent per annum, payable seml-at . tally In
January and July. In recent years Curistmas,
or extra, dividends have been declared as fol
lows: In 1000. $2 50 per share; 1901, $4; 1902,
$6; 1903, $5, and In 1904, $4.
Louis Glass has been elected a director of
the Citizens' National Bank of San Francisco
to fill the vacancy caused by the death of John
I Sabin.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Dec. 26—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Aek.
4s qr coup. .10394104 4s qr cp nw.132 1 /^- —^>
4s qr reg...lo3Hlo4Vi 3s qr coup. ..103V410416
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AWOs — — - lOk T Con ss^ — —
Asso Oil 55j92 — O W gtd ss. 9S 93' i
Bay CPC se. — 100 Oceanic SBs 61 67H
Cal C G ss. — HOVi Om Cable 65.120H —
Cal G& E g . Pac Glm4b 90 —
m&ct 5s 09%100 PERyse..ll3 —
Cal-st C 55.111V4113U Pac L&P 55.101% —
C C Wat 58.100 — P& C H C 5.109 —
Do c mgss 94 96 P& O R Cs.llo —
Ed L&P C5.122^125 Powell-st 6a. 11l —
F & C H 65.113 114 Sac EG&R55.107%108
Gearj-st ss. 30 40^4 SF & 5JV55.119% —
H C&S si£s:ios>6 — SF.O& 5J55.114 —
Do 5s 105^ — Sierra R Cs. — 112}4
Hon R T 68.108V1 — S P of A 6s
LA Elec 55.104% — (1909) . ...108% —
LAG&EI Oe.lol — (1910) \u0084..109Va —
L A Ry 55.11814119 SPof C6s.
LAL gtd 55.105*4 — (IfKW) . . . .102% —
L.VP Icmss.lli 112 <1912) V...114 — -
LAP C 5a. .108%'— SPC 1 eg 55.118 \u25a0 —
Mkt-st C Cs.liey* — SP B R 05.135 136
Do lcmss.HsMill6W S V Wat 65.102;s — .' *.
MV& MT55.105% — Do4*2dm.lOO 100^4
NR of C 6s. 104 % — Do 4a 3dm. 99% 100
Do 5s 119%— \u25a0'Do g mg4s 98 .99"-
N- PC R 55.106%108 Stkn G&E6s. 99 —
N C Ry 55. 112% — r U G & E ss-105% —
NC P C ss. 99% — UR of SF 4s 87% —
O GL4H 55.109 — Val Co P 55.104% —
Ok TCo C 5.123 — Yos SL 4%5. — 93%
Do 5s 115 —
\u25a0 fe WATER STOCKS. \u25a0
Contra Csta 46% 47 I Port Costa/.. — 68
Marin C 0... 65 .— , {S V Wat Co 40 40^4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L- P— 4% 1 Pac L Co. ..75 — ;\u25a0
Martel Powr 2 — |SFG& B. 86 — 1
Mutual BL. 16% 17 I Stkn G & B. 9»i — *
INSURANCE. .\u25a0\u25a0-.'.•; \u25a0-">'-'-.
Flrem's Fd.390 — |
. BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntljßk. -.'— 131 LP& A...148- —
Anglo-Cal .. 92% 96 Mer Trust.. .2lo 240
Bank of Ca1.423 Merch Ex. . . , 60 —
Cal Safe Dp.160 165 S F National — 160
• First Natnl.S4o — - i
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2900 — | Say & L So. loo —
Hum S 8k.2158 — I Sec Say 8k. 395 — '
Mutual Say. 109% — I Union T C 0.2700. 2700 3300
6 F Say U. 700 — | .. \u0084 '
: STREET RAILROADS. *
California. .2l2% — J Presidio .... 39% 40
.Geary — 40 '| ' :.'
POWDER.
Giant Con.. 75% 77 |
SUGAR. I
Hawaiian C. 83% 84 I Makawell C. 32% 83
Honokaa SC 11% 12 ; Onomea SC. 30 30%
Hutch SP C 14% 15^ j Paauhau SC 22 —
Kllauea SC — • 1%( : \u0084 . •
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. 54% 55U< Oceanic SCo 4% 4%
Asho Oil Co 55 55% Pac Aix FA. — . —
Cal F C A. — "98% Pac C 80rx.152 —
Cal Wine A — 82% PacS TelCo.lo3 — •
_ MV& . MtTm — — : ,
;. _. \u25a0\u0084 sales:.-. .. . , ..;.:
Morning Session. \
Board — ' .:. . .
100 Honokaa S Co .....: . . . . . . ;'.". . 12 00 T
25 Honokaa S Co .."............,. 11 87%
100 Mutual Electric Light ........17 00
. ~ 50 Spring Valley Water C 0 . . , . .. 40 12%
$5,000 SF & S J V,55..... ....;...;. .no 25 '
$1,000 United R R of 8 F4 8 . . ... ... 87 50
' -„ Afternoon Session.
--;-."*-.•- -Boai-d— .••:'\u25a0-'•.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•.."•'-\u25a0.,:\u25a0-! ':'• .-,:-.
;. - 65 Ala*ka '.- Packers' Association... 55 00
35 Hawaiian. Coml'& Sugar... ..; $3 75;
50 Makaweli .... .........:....... 32 50
25 Mutual Electric -Light •'...'..'. ..17' 00 :
40 Spring Valley ; Water C 0 . ..... 40 32%
$5,000 S F & S J V. 5b..;. .......... V.11925
$7,000 United R R of S F 45. ....... 87 75
: • Street — ": .\u25a0. \u25a0 :. - '\u25a0'\u25a0.':\u25a0
$10,000 Hawaiian Coml-& Sugar 5«.. ..10C 00" !
$16,000 Spring Valley gen,mtge 45:.. . 98 00
Unlisted Securities. . "
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. \u25a0
Bid. Ask. Bid. Aak.
Bay CPC 65.106%- — '\u25a0 SF Drdk 55. 115 —
B L Wat 05.112 — SF G&B4%«.101% —
CalNWrSs.-— 'IU% SF &INP 85.112 — " l
M C Wat 5s — 114 : 5 ; P.; C R ' 4s. 98 ff f — .'- \u25a0
. O T Con 5». 108 • 6un Tel 65 . .112 - ~^
Pao G&E 53 94% 95% -Do 65 '.:.;108%110%'
: Rlsl WksSs.,— •- 105^; (.'; :;,.\u25a0\u25a0;:. -\u25a0-\u25a0...\u25a0:. . . .
• MISCELLANEOUS ; STOCKS: :w ; \\
'Ala S Co.'.. — 28.; Mils Nat' 8k.325 —
Am.Bts Co-110 ;— > NSRRCo. — :i2%
Cal . Cot v Mis 90% . 95 % N Cal , P Co. ' 15 % —
CarG&ECor.B9% — Ok >Bk Sav. lso —
\ C Jockey Cl.:— ,150 j lOOF.HaII A' 6% — '\u0084
-Cal Powder.l6o i — b Orpheum ;C0.;17 .-\u25a0 —
Cal Ship Co — '. « 25 ' . PacC Cas Co. 150 >' 175 i".:
CalT I& T" 100s. Pac G&B pfd 87%:»7%
' Cen Bk," Ok. • ' 75 Pac Sur J Co. ; — -:;\u25a0 120 \u25a0
Chutes Co.*. — ,5 Paraf iPaint.lOO - -\u25a0'— -
Clty& C 8k.117% — V; S F.Drydock — 75
Cyp Limp.' — r 6: SF 4 SJCoal 20; 23
I>ptPwd pfd as ICO S Jose Wat.lO3Vi —
• Do com ..100 ;—: SO& MTgbt. — - 180
FN Bk, 0k.120 — SoPacCo. .-— 68
Frnch-A Bk.llo — Swlss-A: 8k.125 130 :
Gas Con A. — v 19 1 Truck Elect. — 22&
Hono old pi.— , 35 ;i Union S Co. 30 35
- Do nw pi. — 30- W-Fargo 8k.225 .
Mat Nay C 0.120 — , \VestNat:Bk.l6s ICB'4
SALES. ,
Afternoon Session.
40 Central Trust Co of Ca1...... 104 CO
(5.000 S F Gas & Electric 4^5....:. 102 CO
\u25a0_: 'Street — ,\u25a0' - • -'-:\u25a0.
$5,000 Pac G & El 5s (when issued) .' »5 00 ;
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— - v Bid. . ' Asked.:
Arllne ...'.....:............. 25 38.
Asso OUStock Tr Cert....:. 53 ....
Chicago • Crude Na'w.V. . . . . . .' 08 , ....
Claremont ....... .7.. 112^
Forty-...'.;...........;...... • 46 50
Four-'.........,,,.-... 25
Hanford ............ ;.;.......250 00 ....
Home ;.....-;....\u25a0....;...... 45' ....
Imperial * .... 14 00
Independence ............... '\u25a0 ....' \-j 18 ' ;
Kaweah . . . . . .... . . ...'.. .... i 40 " ....
Kern ............. .;v.;. ;..... ;"13 50 .....
Kern(New) .;.... .... 20
Monte Crlsto 77^. .80
Oil City Petroleum... ... 74 75
Piedmont ................... 06
Reed Crude 26
Superior ..'...........:......: '05 \u25a0 ' ....
Thirty-Three 5 00
i Union ....... ..........;.....1,62 00 ies 00
| Twenty-Eight ............... 7 00," \u25a0 775 ;
Gas and Electric — I I
| Northern Cal P0wer. ........ IB 00 ....
I Miscellaneous Stocks — <
i Fiacher R Theater C 0...... •.... 130
| Sanitary Reduction Works... 400 .;..,..
OFFICIAL SALES.
• Morning Session.
i 100 Also Oil Co Stock Tr Cert... 66.
COO Oil City Petr01eum............... *\u25a0 J* : .
'•Afternoon -Seselon.
Board — '.- s ,';\u25a0.>. .- • \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ; ' ;.? \
\ 400 Oi! City Petroleum..... 74
I Mining Stocks. • t
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on "the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:'
; 9:3o' a. Session— Comstocks.- \u25a0
\ 50 Caledonia ..60 100 Overman ,- 13
200. Challenge ... 20 200 Potosl 10
300 Con Va M...1 30 300 Scorpion .....' 13
100 Hale & Norc.l 00 ,100 Se«r Belcher. . 09
100 Mexican ... 4 30| 200 Utah . . . ..... 05
12 m. Informal \u25a0 Session— Comstooks
ICO Belcher ..... 22| 100 Exchequer ... 42
100 Belcher ..... 23 100 Mexican .....1 30
200 Belcher ..... 24 100 Ophlr . . . ...5 87%
100 Caledonia ... 53 300 Overman .... 13
200 Caledonia ... 641 100 Overman .... 14
200 Con Va M...1 30| 200 Savage .V 61
300 Con Va M...1 351 400 Union C0n.... 48
'50 Eureka C0n..3 25! 700 Yellow Jacket 14
100 Gould & Cur. 24 200 Yellow Jacket 13
200 Gould & Cur. 23|
• 2 p. -m. Session — Comstocks.
400 Caledonia ... ' 54] 500 Potosl ....... 09.
400 Con Va M...1 30 600 Sierra Nev... 30
100 Gould & Cur. -22 100 Silver Hill .. 86
100 Hale & Norc.l 00 600 Union C0n.... 46
200 Ophir 5 87%
\u25a0 "/ , V CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....... 06 08 Gould & Cur. 23 25
Alta .... 02 03 Hale & Norc.l 00 105
Andes ...... 19 21 Julia ........ 04 06
Belcher 23- 25! Justice ...... 05 06
Best & BeK.l 30 1 40i Kentuck 01 02
Bruns Chollr— 01! Lady Wash. ..02 —
Bruns C Va. — 07| Mexican .....1 30 135
Bruns G& C — 01| Occidental ... 92 98
Bruns Potosl- — 04 Ophir .. 5 87% 6 00
Bruna Savage — 04 Ophlr-Bruns. . 07 10
Bullion ..... 25 28 Overman .... 14 15
Caledonia ... 68 59 Potosl 09 10
Challenge .;. 13 21 Savage ...... 80 ,51
Chollar.. 17 19 Scorpion 12 14
Confidence 85 00 Seg Belcher.: 11 12
Con Va M...1 30 135 Sierra Nev... 80 32
: Con Imperial — -. 01 Silver Hi 11... 86 87
Con NY..... 03 C 5 Syndicate ....— 11
Crown Point. 12 14 St Louis ..... 08 —
E Sierra Nev — 05 Union C0n.... 46 48
Eureka C0n..3 20 8 50* Utah ........ 04 06
Exchequer .. 40 42! Yellow Jacket 14 15
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKB.
Morning Session.
2000 Amethyst ... 14 5000 Home, s 10... 21
1000 Atlanta ..... 11 1000 Jim Butler... 73
2000 Atlanta, b 60 12 1000 Jim Butler. . . 74
0000 Black Rock.: 02 2000 Jumbo Ex,b6o 19
2000 Bl Bull, b 90 07 2000 Kendall ..... 42
2000 Blue Bull ... 06 4000 Kendall ..... 43
i 2500 Bullfg N Bk 17 200 MacNamara. . 36
2000 Blfg NBk,b9o 18i 1000 M Shoshn Ex. Vi
1000 Brunswick .. 60 1000 Do b 90... 13
300 Cash Boy .. 1«[ 200 May. Queen... 15
500 Cash Boy .. ,17 100 Mont T0n.. .2 37%
1000 Columbia Mt. 16 100 Mont Ton .;.2 40
1000 Do, b 60... 17 1100 North Star,..; 50
1000 Dm B Btte C 39 2100 Ohio Ton ....— 27
10, GOO Dm B Bt C 40 2000 Orlg Bullfrog. 19
5000 Do. b 90... 41 2000 Orlg Blfg, b6O 20
3500 Do, b 10. .. 40 2000 Red Top . . . .1 20
5000 RDo b 90. .. 42 2000 Red Top Ex. Oil
2000 Dixie, b 90..- 07 1000 Sandstorm ... 70
20CO Empire, -b CO. - 05! 500 Sandstorm .. '68
500 Forest City.. *29 2000 S Pick, b 90. 12
2000 Gold Bar 35 2000 S Pick, b 60. 12
3000 Great Westrn 03 2000 Stives ...... 12
16,100 Home .. 20 2000 St Ives, b 90. 13
13,000 Home, b9O 22 300 Ton Belmont. 2 20
; 30C0 Home, b 90.. .21 100 . Do, s 10... 2 20
2000 Home "21
. ..... Afternoon .Session.'
1000 Amethyst ... 15 400 Jumbo M Co. 94
1500 Blue Bull ...; 06 1500 Kendall ..... 44
1000 Blfg NBk.bCO' 18 6000 Kendall ...... 43
500 Cash 80y. '.. 17 300 Kendall ..... 46
2500 Den Bullfrog 31 500 Mohawk ..... 29
7118 Dm B Btte C 4(1 300 North Star... 80
20 Dm B Btte O 3» 1100 Red Top . .11714
1000 Gold Bar... 35 500 R Top, b90.1 27%
100 Gold Anchor. 81 1500 Sandstorm ... 70
3000 Ooldfleld Mln 61 1000 Sandstorm ... CP
; 2000 Great Westrn 03 10<X» S ; Pick b 10. 11
100 Home ....... 20 50 Ton Blmont.2 17%
500 Jim Butler... 74 900, Ton Md way. 1 52%
1800 Jim Butler... 75 200 Ton Mldway..l 55
I 300 J Butler. b9O 80 1000 Ton Mdway.l 57%
' 2CO Jumbo M Co.' 92 250 Do, b 30. .1 60
200 Jumbo M.slO 92| 2000 Home Con, bSO 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
-Tonopah District. :
Bid.Ask.j Bil.Ask.
Belmont ....2 15 2 20! MacNamara.; \u25a0 34 ;'O
Belmont Ex.. — 12| Midway .....1 57 1 t!2
Boston Ton.. 05 j OU'Mlzpah Ex ; . 13 ,20
Brgr's JB Ex — f 10 Mont Ton ..'.2 42 245
California ... 05 .— Mont Mid Ex. — 13
Cash Boy ..16 18 Monitor ...... 02
Colehan ..... — 10 NY Ton Con 10 . 20
Eula.Con ... — 17 North Star... 49 50
Gold Anchor. 81 -82 Ohio Ton ... . 26 °7
Gold Mt .... 08 09 Red Rock' Ex — 15
Gold MtCon < 01 Rescue ...'... "08 •C 9
Great Westrn 03 04 Ton Exten ..660 5 75
; Ind Tcncpah. — 'Jl Ton time Con 05 06
Home 19 21 TonSlv;& Gld 15 '—
Jim Butler.. 74 76; Ton of N-ev.ls 62 16 23
Little Ton ..1 50 2 00' t Virginia 10 * —
Lucky Tom.. — or>! West End- ...1 20 125
. :*«>?•\u25a0 : ; Goldfleld 'District.
Adams ...... 05 Ofi Great Bend.;. 05 —
Atlanta ..... 10 .11 Highland .... — 13
Aurora — ",. iO6 Jumbo M ,' Co. 91 «2
Black Ants.. — ; .04 Jumbo Ex r.. 17 10
Blk Btte Ex. .01 *02 Juno ......... — oi
r Black Rock ; . 02 03 Kendall ... . . U 45
"Blue Bell ... 02 03 Kendall Ex .. 01 02
Blue Bull ... 05 06 Lagiina ...15'-
Brooklyn .... 01 02 Lone ; Star ... 06 07
BUa Goldfleld 10 15 Lucky Star .. — 04
Bull & : Bear. 02' '03 May^Queen. .'. 15' 16
Booth II Co. 10 ,' — Mohawk :'.'.;. 29 r 30
COD ..... .40 ..'5O Nevada Boy.. 13
Columbia ... — 15 Nev Goldfleld. 20 23
I Columbia Mt; 16 .18 Ne.v Southern. . :ll: ll
I Conqueror .. 11- "12 Oakes \u25a0.;..;. — \u25a008
Daisy ....... 22 .23 Oakland ..... — 10
I Diamond .... — 15 Pennsylvania: '\u25a0 — 01
I Dm B Btte C- 40 41 Potlatch :'.;.. 03*^"
, DmJfld Trngl — 10 Red Lion .... 03 05
Dominion '...- — .10 Red "Top ;..".l 17 120
Dixie ....... 05 06 Red Top ; Etc. -03 04
Empire ..... 04 05 Sandstorm ... 68 70
Exploitation. — 04 Sandstorm Ex 07 ' 09
i Fawn . . ..05 — Sherman. V . . . . > — 09
I Florence ....2 50 4 00 fiilver Pick ..10* 11
Frisco ...... — 12 Slmmerone .V 15 20
I Gold Dust ..— .07 Stives'...... 11 10
I Gold Hill ' ...-'— *. 02 Treasure ...... 03 04
Goldflcia Mtn ' \u25a0 61 , 62 Verde ....... — 02
Gldfid Rand. C 5 f 06! Vernal ........ 05 06
Goldfleld Ton." — 07 Wonder '.....\u25a0 — - ,01
Bullfrog ' District.
I Amargosa ... — 05 Gold Bar .... 35 38
Amethyst ... 14 sl5 Gldfld Bullfrg — 05
I * Big Bullfrog. — 10 Llge; Harris.. 01 02
j Bonnie Clare 65 \u25a0' — Mont : Bullfrog 02 03
; Bullfrog Mln 37 A 0 M-iShoehnEx \u25a0JS —
Bullfrog Anx 01 > 02 Ohio Bullfrog. 15— i
Bullfrog. Com 04. 05 Orlg Bullfrog. IS '\u25a0 19
Bullfrog Ex. \ 05"> 20 Pilot ........ 20 '
Blfrg' Bundle 0»r 10 San Francisco 17 19
BlfgMayflwr 14 15 Shoshone.. .. . — 08
Bullfg NBk 17 18 Shoshn B Gld 24 25
Blfrg Sunset. 07 08 Stelnway .... 11 12
, Den -Bullfrog 31 32 Ventura ..... 05 H
Dn Blfg Anx 02 — Vipt- Grande. — . 05
Eclipse . . . . . 33 34 Wolverine : . .. 05 10
• « * \u25a0;.'.-\u25a0-.! \u25a0•\u25a0- Other / Dißtrictfl.>:,; '
\u25a0Colorado .... — ' .I+l Lynx CrVrk *.'.' 84' ;—; —
Free: Gold .. — . 25 Paymaster ... 01 02
Gold Reed M — , 25 Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Golden Terra. 25 :.":— - Rocco Hmstk. — - 90
. Gold ' Quartz. 40 ,. — Rothwoll-.;;. — 28
i Kawlch &B.• — • 13 Silver 1 Peak. . - — 17
Kawich Gold. •— '02 Southwestern.-— - *>5
Kawch MCo — 04 Sylvanla . :'.,... 08 '10
LidaHawk..-;— 55 Tokop Con \u25a0:.'.. x 14 ia
. ...TONOPAH, MINING . EXCHANGE..
\u25a0:r: r - Following . were ,' the • sales " on > the : San s Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
.' L; 11 a.i m:'. Session., v .'*'\u25a0\u25a0' • •' \u25a0 •'
. 200 Con Va- : M..'.1'30 100 Mexican' .....1 30
200 Dm B Btte C- 40 1500 Mont" Ton '2 40
3000 *Do, J b 10... '40 1000 Nat, Bank" 17
200 r; . Do. ; b 90. . . '42 1000 Red Top " V '1 20
1000 Gld Mohawk.. 29 ; 500R Top.-s lb'l 20
2500 Home, b 10. ;; 20 500 St ! Ives *. ' 12
J5OOO Home :.:.r;. ;'2O 2000 Tanawah . . • 10
\u25a03000 Kendall,. s; 10 42 300 Ton Belmont.".2 20
1500 MacNamara.. 1 '35 ~
. f : 2 p. : m. : Session. " ...
*;3600 Blue\BuU^;.; o6| 1000 Kendall sl5 43
300 Con;. Va ! <M.;. l;3o 1000 Kendall" ."..7:;, 44
- 1000 Dm B Btte C\u25a0 40 1400 MacNamara . . ;35
; < 600 Gold ; Anchor. ; 82 ! f. 200 Mexican - : : ... i3O
6000' Home r .tn ;'.:.;- 21j 170^ Mont T0n r... 2 40
r 2OOO Home.- s 10.'. -.-21 2500 Nat! Bank '\.:%f. 17
2600 Jim Butler.".. r 74 800 Red Top, ..V.I 20
8000 Kendall ....'. 43 8500 SI Xvm ..;... 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS/
. ' Comstocks. '
Bld.Ask. « Bld.Ajßk.
Alpha ....... 04. 06 Julia 05 07
Alta ... . 03 — Justice ...... 05- 06
Andes : 19 : -20 Kentuck \u25a0...'•• — 01
Belcher ..... 22 23 Lady Wash..." — 04
Best & 801.,1 30 135 Mexican...... l 30 135
8u11i0n:..... 23 26 Occidental ..: "90; —
Caledonia.... 50 51 Ophlr ......5 87^4 600
Challenge ... 20*'~21 Overman .... 12 13
Chollar ..... 17 18 Potosl ....... 08 08
Confidence .: "85 00 Savage .....: 51 .52. 52
Con Va;M:..l 30 135 Seg Belcher.. 09 10
Con- Imperial "—~:. 01 Scorpion ...'.. 12 '15
Con NY..... ,t- 04 Sierra Nev... 31 33
Crown Point. 12 13! Silver Hi 11... 85 87
-Exchequer v 40 421 St Louis 06 09
E Sierra' Nev — 04) Union C0n.... 4S 49
Gould & Cur. 23 251 Utah ......... 05 .06
Hale & Norc. 100 1 10| Yellow ' Jacket 12 13
Tonopah District.
Belmont V. . .2 15 225 MacNamaxa. . 34 .35
California-... 05 10 Midway ....'.l 50 153
Caen Boy . . 16 —Ml zpah Ex ". .IS 20
Colehan ....V — C9| Mont Ton. ..2 40 2 42Vi
Gold Anchor. 81 83! N V Ton Con — 20
Great Westrn — 04 North Star. . . 60 —
Home ....... 21 23 Ohio.. ... 28 27
Home Con '• . . " . -»- 06 Paymaster ... —01 Vi
Ind Tonopah. — 01 Rescue-: .....".- C 7 09
Jim Butler... -72 : 74 Ton Eacten..6 37% 5 75
Little Ton . . ' — 2 75 Ton of Nev.ls 00 16 25
Lucky Tom. . — 05! West End . ..1 20 125
= : V; Goldfield District.
Adams ...... 05 06^ Kendall ..... 45 —
Blk Btte Ex. — 03H Lone Star ... 07 —
Black Rock . . 02 02 % May Queen ... 15 17
Blue Bell ... — 06 Mohawk . 28 30
Blue Bull ..;-. 05% CO Nev Goldfield. 22 25
8r00k1yn,.... 01 ,02 Oakes ........ — 08
Columbia Mt. 16 18 Oro — 03
Diamond:.... 15 Pa Goldfield.. — 01
Dm B Btte C 39 41 Red Lion . . . . 03 —
Dixie .. .....05 06% Red Top ..1 17% 1 25
Frisoo ...... — 07 St Ivea 11 13
Exploitation.'. — 04 Sandstorm ... 68 —
Gldfid G r>3t — 07 Sandstorm Ex — 10
Gld& G Reed — 10 Silver Pick ..10 12
Goldfleld Nev 63 — Slmmerona ..15 20
Jumbo M Co. 95 — J Vernal ....... 05 —
Jumbo Ex .. 17 18; '
Bullfrog District
Amargosa ... — 10 Llge Harri». . ' 01% 02
Beatty Blfrg. — 03 Mont Bullfrojr — 03
Bullfrog Anx — 02 Orig Bullfrog. IT —
Bullfrg Belle — 07 Shoshona .... — C 9
Bullfg X Bk 16 18 Vista Grande. — 06
Eclipse 80 31 Wolverine ... —<? 10
\ Other Districts. •
Brown , Hope. — 14! Ray & O'Brien 05 —
Esperanza ... — 01 1 Rothwoll .... — 10
Free Gold .. — 15 Silver Peak.. — 16
Gold Mt Con — , C 2 Ton Berkeley. — 03
Kawlch Gold. — 03 Ton Gold Mt. 05% —
Nev Sunshine 15 — .
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 28.
John H. and Lena Brickwedel to Katie Buch
tenklrchen. lot on E line of Polk street, 87:6
S of North Point, S 25 by E 87:6; $10.
Katie Buchtenkirchen to Julia Dollger, same;
?10. \
Israel Friedman to Adolph But tner and C.
El Blunck, lot on S line of Grove street. 137:6
W of Franklin, W 27:8%. S 60, E 0:4%, S
60, E 27:6%, N6O, W 0:2, N 60; $10.
James Badger to Mary Badger, lot on SW
corner of Ellis and Loguna streets, S 50 by W
77:0 and all property; gift. \u25a0 > -'.
Wilhelmina and A. Miles Taylor to Phineas
F. - Ferguson, lot on S line of Vallejo street,
165 E of Buchanan, E 27:6 by S 137:8; $10.
Margaret \u25a0 E. Winterson. to Patrick H. Win
teraori, lot on W line of Bourbin place, 125 S
of Eailß, S 23 by W 90; gift.
Emma H. and Henry Hllp to Catherine Las
eerot, lot on S line of Sacramento street, 23 W
-of Walnut, W 29:6 by Q 100 and right of way
in 49 Coy. 244 and 2141 D. 308; $10.
\u25a0 Pope Estate Company to Clara A. . Reynolds
(wife of George A.), lot on NW corner of Alma
avenue and Cole street, N 24:11 by W 103:7%;
$10.
City and County of San Francisco to John J.
Cooney, : lot on SE3 line of Mission street, 90 S
of Lafayette, SW. 80, SB 100. NE 73, NW ICO;
• . . . - \u25a0 \u25a0 . . . . - . ~ - .
3 Cornelius and Mary E. A. Flood (Dolan) to
Mary. Dolan, lot on E line of Howard street.
65 N of Twenty-fourth. N 30 by E 92:6; $10.
Gertrudo D. and. T. White Eastman to Jo
seph Dold, lot' on E line of Dolores street,
234:11 S of Twenty-fifth. S 0:1 by El 125; $20.
1 David J. Gurtin to Henrietta Curtin, lot on
S line of Day- street, 205 W of Sanchez,
W 50 by S 114; gift.
A. E. McLachlan to Alexander Bond, lot on
SW corner iof i Castro and Twenty-first streets,
W 250 by S 75; ?10.
James A. Clark to Samuel Dusenbery, lot on
SE corner -of Mason and Jackson streets, E
47:6 by S 89:7: $10.
George and Catherine Jones to Wallace Brad
ford, ; tot on BE line of Stevenson street, 350
NE of Fourth, NE 4.0 by SE 70; $10. t
Margaret L.- Stack ' to Samuel and Slgmund
Strauss, lot on "> SB line of Clementina street,
350 SW of. Fifth, SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
'Kate and; Jeannette? Green to Josephine H.
Phelps and P. Hart, lot on NW. line of Harri
son street, 100 SW of Fifth, SW 25 by NW 85;
$10. \u25a0 \u25a0 •-\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 v \u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0 -» :. \u25a0 ;•
Elizabeth Dore to Dore & Co., lot on NE
line lof Seventh street, \ 100 SB of Brannan. SE
50 by NE 80; also lot on. NE line of .Seventh
street. 75 SE of Brannan,' SE 25 by NE 80:
also lot on S". line of Pacific avenue, 111:4 W
of Octavia street, W 40:8 by S 127-.8V4; also
lot 1657, gift map 4; $10.
Charles M. Sorensen to-Wllllam T. Hollinr.
lot on SW lino of Decatur street, 175 SE of
Bryant, SE 25 by SW 60; $10.
Thomas W.. Katherine A.. • Christopher C.
and Lily A. Rivers to William W. Rednall.
lot on' W line of Connecticut street. 72:6 N
of Eighteenth. N 27 :3Vi. W 100. S 2:3^, W
100, S 25. E 2CO; JlO.
James and Agnes Gtlchrist to . Margaret I.
Bradford,' lot on E line of Twenty-first avenue,
244 S of Lake street, S 50 by B 120; $10.
. Herman and Margareta Gerken to Sarah C.
Crlm (wife. of William H.). lot on NW corner
of ' Twenty-second avenue and Clement street,
W 132:6 by N 1 100; $10.
William H. Crim to Sarah C. Crim (wife),
same;' gift. .
Isaac andi Helena Liebee to John M. and
Emma Peters, lot on W line of Seventh ave
nue, 175 S of A street, S 25 by W 120: $10.
James L. and Louie Holland to Michael C.
Rench. lot on B line of Fifth avenue. 120 S
of H street. S 50 by B 120; $10.
City Realty Company •to C. W. Rose, lot
on W. line of Fourth avenue, 75:9i6 N of Par
nassus avenue. N 25 by w 120; $10.
Myer and Frederica Ehrman to Jacob Hey
man Company, block bounded by I and J
streets, Thirty- eighth . and Thirty-ninth ave
nues;: $10- \u25a0••:"' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0-:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• -
J. B and \u25a0 Marie F. Queen to Miriam D.
Roche -(wife, of Paul A.).' lot on B line of
Eleventh avenue. 125 S : of L street, S 25 by
EJ 120; $10/ . r
\u25a0 Eugene J; and Mathllde Keller to Sophia M.
Fearn. lot on E line of j Eleventh avenue, 125
>7 o f N street, N 25 by E 120; $10. .
f 'Harris F. and Mamie C. Harrington to Solo
mon Getz. lot on .W. line of Forty-fifth avenue,
150 9 of S etreet, S 50 by W 120: $10.3jgja»Bi
• Louise Gibson- to Jacob Welssbein, lot on W
line of Thirty-ninth avenue, 150 N of W street,
N 25 by W 120: $10. 1
f George W." andi Hattie R, Fraser to Lulu J.
Goldstono (wife of Moe A.), lot on S line of
W street.' 32:6 E of Thirty-eighth avenue, E 23
by:S 400; $10. ..;;.'
. Alfred and Emma M. McLaughlin to H. F.
and > Mai ie ; L. • Schunemann. -lot on NE line of
Eighteenth ' avenue South; 350 SB of N'atreet.
SEI 50 by NE 100, block 347, South San Fran
cisco; $10.
Mrs B. B. Brokaw \u25a0to B. E. Blount and L.
C. En'ewold,-lot on NE line of Tenth avenue,
120 NW of X street, NW 130 by NB 100, block
186. Central Park Homestead ; $10.
WilhtlnilnaCron et al. :to Wllhelmlna Cron,
lot on W corner, of Miguel and Laldley streets,
SW 162 by NWMOO, lots 11, 15 and 16, block
12, Falrmount: $10. • \u25a0\u25a0' . : \u25a0
Mary C, Phlleta E. and^. Daniel J. Reily
to S Ducas Company, lots 21, 22, 27 and 28.
block 381. O*Nell&- Haley Tract; $10.
: S. Duca* Companj- to Henry Le\*y. same; $10.
;' Antone F. J and -Alice ; E. Thornbers to Mario
Camarrla, and;M. : Z. Noyello, lot on N line of
Thrift - street,' 190 . B of Orizaba, E 50 by N
125,' : lots ' 1 ' and 2,' . block X, Railroad Home
sttad No. 2; $10. '\u25a0\u25a0'.-'\u25a0\u25a0 ; "
\u25a0 Anna D. "Joost to Stephen B. and Annie EJ.
Nolan, lot on SW line of Eighth avenue South,
120 NW of L street, NW 60, SW 200, SB 30.
NE 100 SE 30.\ NB 100.; lots 101 and 10S. block
105, Central, Park Homestead: $10. ;
- Mamie V. Graham to Harry A. Tobin. . lots
22 and S3,*- block 3, subdivision 1, Castro-street
Addition; ?10. .
' ' Builders' :, Contract*. -
. Payne' s Bolt Works (owners) 1 with Rainey &
Phillips (contractors), architect Nathaniel
BlaisdeU-^Alterations and additions to Payne's
Bolt Works on lot on SB line of Howard
street.'lB3:4 SW of .\u25a0; Spear. SW; 45:10 by SB
137:6- $1078. '. V ;.
I Magnln &:Co. (owners) with Bryan Ele-i
vat'or Company' (contractors), architect Her- i
man Barth — Two > passenger and' one freight i
elevator and one dumb waiter . for a six-story
brick building on lot on SE ' corner of Post
street, and ;Grant avenue. . S 102:6 by E 60;
« ' Joe Baruh and D. La»ar (owners) with Cali
fornia "Wood .Working : Company (contractors),
arcliltects Kidd \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: & '.Anderson^ — Alterations and
additions for ,i bar , and cafe. ? except plumbing,
in building on '. lot =\u25a0 on SW" corner, of Geary
and^'llllams streets, 551. Geary street: $599.
{ • Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(owner) . with 3T>| Looney (contractor), architects
Shea & : ; Shea— -Sewering. 1 plumbing \u25a0 and ' gas
fitting for ' a three-story- and . basement frame
building on lots on W ; line of "". Tenth street,
300 S of Howard. .S 60 by W, 205; $1820. :,
\u25a0 James "; Otis j (trustee, - owner) with Brode s &
Clark Iron /-Works » (contractors), ; architects
Wright • & " Polk-^-Cast f, iron store \u25a0 fronts,- front,
and - rear fire i escapes : f or ,' a aeven-story - and
basement brick building:. on lot;on<-Sf line. of
Market " street. 75 ,W \u25a0of Eighth. W 49 by : S
\u25a0\u25a0-...•* ' * .-\u25a0':. Alameda County.-. :
SATURDAY. DECEMBER. 23.
:-'; Sarah AP Burrall •' (widow) "' to Jessie E. i Bur
rail : (single). \u25a0; lot ' on l > N . line of Sixteenth ; street, 1 .
100 '\u25a0W: of ; Jeff erson,%W. 50< by-'N, 85,: and por
tion of ;lots < ISand;2.ibloclc1 S and ; 2.ibloclc 271, Caaserly tract
on Fourteenth 'St.*. -Oakland ;* gift. <
? C •\u25a0"A; "and > Esther 5 K.'t Chichester to-Frank
C. - Dunphy, ' lot on ; S line of ; Fifty-ninth : street, ;
formerly, Kllnkner avenue/ 273 ;E of San,Pablo, ;
B 35: by S 100, being E 35 feet lot 2,^property
of : O'Neill, r and lots 1 to 24 in plat
43fi Oakland;^$10/; ; :\u25a0; ; *l . r
n Charles L. > and Carrie L. Brown :to .A. > St.
H. Cramer, lot beginning at point on Un« at a
07
04
16
30
right angle to NE come* of Santa Clara ay*
nue from point on said line to, Santo Cla».
170.30 NW^from NW i corner of ,, w *l 9 £or^
said point being distance on said line lbo _^
from said >TE corner of Santa Clara. NE 2»
by NW 60, being most NE 20 feet (60 feet to
width) of lot 5, block B. Flint Tract /No. *•
Oakland: llO.fes^Sgg&sS^S'; ' '; - \u25a0—.\u2666».„ <=
\u25a0. Breed & Bancroft (corporation) to p tn , er *;'
Stevens, lots 133 and 'l34/ aanta Fe tract I^o.
20,. Oakland; ?10. \u25a0; \u25a0 , ~,_ '
C. W. and i Winnie H. Peck to Mabel Camp
bell; Needham. lot 7. blocs D. Hopkins Ter
race map 3. Berkeley; 5100. / ..— »
j Clarence W and Winnie H. Peck to came.
lot 26. resubdivlsiou of Home "V lew \u25a0"*«•
M. Hqta'ling (single) to lfo°"*^:
ver Mehr, lot on E line of Re««»t iManoai
avenue. 100 S of Stuart. 3 8 by E 1«. wuw
N 8 feet of lot 20. block H. Berry-Bangs
Tract,, etc., Berkeley; $10. „_.„.
John L. and Charlotte Nleld to Hermann
Scholten. lot on E line of Sixth street. 103 S
of Lincoln formerly Raim>ad avenue, S 3W
by E 131, Alameda; $10.
TUESDAY. DECEMBER 28.
John and Kate or John J. and Catherine C.
Walsh to W. F. Detert. lot oa E cfj^i" °J
Hudson street and Third avenue. SE* 133:- by
NE 138:2, block N. Vernon Park, Oakland.
$IChartes1 Chartes I* and Louls« R. Gorham (by O«orf«
Leonard and Frederick H. Olark. trustees) to
Homestead Loan Association of Berkeley. «*•
D. 20. lot 3S. corrected map of resubdivislon
of block A. Brumagim Tract, etc., Oakland;
Homestead Loan Association of Berkeley to
Charlea C. Togg. same, Oakland; $10. ,
A. W. and B. J. Chappell (wife) to »aroe.
lot on W line of Brown street, 156:6 3 of BU
tieth (formerly Benton). S 40 by W 107. lot S&.
block A. Brumagim Tract. Oakland; $10-_
J. A. and Emily V. MamhaU to ClsJii Opop
er, lot on B line of Dona street, 88:8 I* «J
Ward, N' 44:10 by E 80. porUon of lots 8 and '
3. block N. Leonard Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Fong Tse King and Lo Tau Sam C>ls wife)
to John E. Askew, lot on B line of Kooaevelt
(formerly Catharine) street., 220 S of AHston
way, 3 80 by B 130. lot 19 and portion of lot
20, block 10. McGee Tract, etc. Berkeley; $10.
Robert B. Mitchell (single) to Charles Elsey.
lot on W line of Sherman street. 280 8 of San
Antonio (Kings) avenue. S 75 by "W 150,' po
rtion of lots 6 and 7.' Bay Sida» Tract, etc. Ala-
m Ed*iier K. and Clarence A. ChlchesUr to
George P. and Margaret McNeil, lot on S 11m
Butler avenue. 100 W of Herac* street. TV 50
by 3 150. lot 13, block 6. amended map of But
ler Tract, Oakland; $10. .
Alesla P. Gil (single) to Hyacinth. Oil. lot
on N line of Fifth (William) street. 75 D of
Campbell. E 25 by N 100:7, lot 19. block 499,
Gibbons property at Oakland Point. Oakland;
Same to same. lot on N line of Fifteenth
street, 82:3 W of Kirkham, W 25 by N 104:9.
lot 18. block 583. Scotcbler tract, Oakland; $10
Same to same, lot on N »«• °« 1
street 107:3 W of Kirkham. W 25 by N 104:9.
lot 17, block 583, same. Oakland; $10. •
Same to same lot on -w line of Campbell
street. Sl:3 S of West Seventeenth, 3 23 by
W 115. lot 9. block 7398, map redlvsion,
block 740 and portion blocks 739, 727 and 728,
Oakland: $10. .
Same to same, lot on N line of Sixteenth
street 82:3 E of Cypress. E 25 by N 104:9. lot
49. block 602, Scotchler tract, Oakland; $10.
Clarence and Anna C. Fogg to A. W. Chap
pell, lot on BE corner of Anthony and Fifth
streets, S 50 by E 100, lots 227 and 228. Potter
tract. Berkeley; $10.
T. Gallagher (widow) to Jennie Gal
lagher (single), lot on S line of Berkeley way.
360.30 E of Louisa. E 86 by S 110. lot 42.
College tract. Berkeley; $10.
Leonie de Pas. wife of Charles 8.. t© Hypo
lite Dajas and wife Recalls, lot on B line of
Sixth street. 202 X of Charming way, N 60
by E 120. lot 21. block 125, corrected map of<
Raymond tract, Berkeley; $10.
Hypollte and Rosalie D&Jas to Adolphin*
Mitchetl (single), same. Berkeley: $100.
William and Minerva F. Wilkinson to Mor
gan H. Smith, lot on N line of Dwight way,
50 E of Grove, E 40. N 135. W SO to a point
50 E from E line of Grove, S 135 to begin- 1
ning. being portion of lot 23. amended map of
' blocks 5 and 6. Barker tract. Berkeley; $10.
Hansf ord 8. . and Luna P. Griffith and Henry
H. and Dora B. Halght to C. C. HalL lot on
N line of J street In University Terrace, a re
subdivision, portions of lot* 3 to 8. etc., Berke
ley; $10.
Lorens Fjord Company (corporation) to JuMa
A. Con well. lot 5. block O. Leonard tract:
resolution attached . hereto describes land as
being also portion of plat 70. Kelleraberger's
map of Ranches V. and D. Peralta. deed given
to correct mistake In deed between same par
ties August 13, 1904, Berkeley: $10.
James E. and Amelia S. Damon to Ma
rlon Flsfc (wife of Frank). lot on N line of
Central avenue, 174:6 W of Fifth street, W
33 by N 131 :6. being portions of lots 1 6 and 7
(except 10 feet taken for widening Central ave
nue) In E half of block B, Damon's West End
tract, Alameda: $10. :
LATE SHIPPIXG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, December 26.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen. 08 hours from
Aberdeen. ,- • - \u25a0
Power schr Corinthian, Maloney. SO hours
from Eureka.
Nor stmr Tltania. E«enes. 116 hours from
Ladysmith.
IK)MESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec 26— Stmr Coro
nadcv hence Dec 23; stmr Centralla, hence
Dec 22.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 26— Br
ship Scottish Lochs, from Cardiff.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 26— Bktn Coro
nado, hence Dec 9.
Sailed Dec 9^ — US stmr Buford. for Manila.
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA— Arrived Dec 28— Br ship Brod
ertck Caetle. from Sallna, Cruz.
OCEAN STEAMER.
VANCOUVER. B. C— Sailed Dec 26— R M S
etmr Empress of India, for Yokohama,
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Grace Dollar, from Aberdeen, Dec
26 — Had strong NE gales along the coast. On
Dec 26. off Bodega, passed the bark Caronde
let. from Port Ludlow, for San Francisco.
A new use has been found for the
mineral called fluorspar in the manu
facture of a very beautiful kind of
glass. The substance Is added to the
quartz mixture, and produces an -«r!
quisite play of opalescent color.
Some of the great reservoirs in the
country districts that supply certain
English cities with their water have
become populous breeding places for
water fowl and are well stocked with
valuable flsh.
The late Julius Stlnde.-who won one of
the biggest successes recorded In the Ger
man book world for several decades, be
gan life as an apothecary. ;
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
HfCI CALIFORNIA
Pffld LIMITED
Iks. bS| _jM Chicago n Threa Days,
Santa Fe Trains
7.30 a. m. 1 For Stockton, Merced. Fresno,
' and* \ Hanford, Visalla, Baksrsfleld
8:00 p.m. J - and intermediate points.
9 -30 a. m. — California Limited three days to
Chicago e\-ery day. Direct con.
' nectlon to Grand Canyon.
9 ;30 a. m. — Valley Limited, for Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno. Hanford. VUalia
.and Bakersfleld and Points on
the Sierra Railway.
4:00 p. m. — For Stockton and tntermedUt*
-:.-.\u25a0 - points.
8:00 p. m.— Overland Express, for Chicago.
- Kansas City. Denver and Grand
\u25a0 Canyon.
TICKET OFFICES.
633 Market street .....San Francisco
Ferry - Depot .San Francisco
1112 Broadway .............Oakland
27 South First street ............. ...San Jos«
\u25a0CAZADERO. Etc.
Tlsi Sanakllto Ferry.
SUBCRBAN SERVICE, STANDARD QAUGE.
Depart week days and ° Sundays at 7 :00 (ex*
o*pt Sunday). 7:43. 8:23. 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.
12:20. 1:45, 3:15.- 4:35, 5:16. 5:30. 6:30. 7:15!
9:0 O. 10:15 and 11:35 p. m. "--
\u25a0 For ', Fairfax, .week • days — 7:43 a. m.. 3;15
p. -m. dally, except- Sunday: -and 3:15 p. m.
Saturdays only. Sundays and holidays — 7:43.
9:10 a. —.-'-\u25a0
.. - THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily— Casadero and way stations.
I- 3:15 p. m.. Saturdays only, for; Point Reyes
and way. - *^9B*«^saM^HBBBMn
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market st.
> FERRY — Union Depot.* foot of • Market st
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
-EiZKuSSk tS* 6 1-/--)!? 8 ? A M I:is r M
Bsg«"BgßMi Arrive S. P. 10:45 A m 2:55, 6:22 ra
SI" XB1T OKI
TC!Sgl§|^ Lv. S.F. 4:35 pm Ar. S. F. 11:25 pm
'\u25a0^BmW- \u25a0 SWDITS ISB IKIL IOUBITS
"Kr . Lt.S.F.B.-3d,9:50.U:00am1.45fm
-" Ar. S. p. 130, 2*5, 4:23, 6:33 fm .
mm, \ «« Ma»«t ST.^CNorth Shoreßailraad)
07710(3 1 and Sausauto Fbxjly, Foot Market s/
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
\u25a0^sr s-v- Trains leave and ar« dm
y^JTrj^JSy to arrtTe at
i^^^^\ SAX FRANCISCO.
I \^°^^y 1 Fro* Pbcxmoxk 2S,
\£r^%xy Fsnsv Dxpqt
(Toot of Market Street.)
".mw- MAIN LINE. -^"»
7.00* Elmlra,Vac*TU:e, Winters, Bumsey 7-48f»
7.ooa ßichmond, Benlcia, - Sacramento,
Bul»ua and Way Stations 7.ZBP
740A Vallejo. Napa, Callstogs, Santa
Rosa. Martinez. San Bamon 8-C3f»
7.40a i» 11?», Pleasanton, LlTermore,
Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton • 7.235»
8-OOAShast* Express— (Via Da-rls).
Williams, Wjllows, trrnto. Bed
Bluff, Portland, Tacoma. Seattle. 7.48*
8 OOADavts, Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysYllle. Orovllle 743p
a^OAM«Une«."Antloch. Byron, Tracy.
Stockton, Newman, Los Banos,
MendouJ Armona. Hanford. > 4 D8 _
VlaaltaTportenrme .............. \ J3|J
B.2oAPort Costa. Lathrop. Merced. Mo- ' * w
o* u ieato. Fresno. Hanford. Visalla,
Bakersneld ....... . 4-48 i»
a^fUNlles, San Jose, LlTermore, Stoclc-
Ol^ ton (tMtlton), Valley Sprtn*.
lone. Sacramento, PlacerriUe.
Colfax. Marysrtlle. Bed 81uff .... 4.CBi»
B.4oAOakda:e, Chinese, Jamestown.
Sonora. Tuolunme and AncelJ... 4-03 i»
9.00 a Atlantic Expross-Osden and East. 4.23p
igiS^^e 1 . 7 -^".^- B^!^ ? - 48 "
1 Costa. Marttoez. Byron, Xr»cy.
latarop. Btookton, Merced,
Kaymond. Fresno, Gosaen Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lemoorß. Visalla, _
Bakersneld,Lo| Angelaa. •— -. \ 7-08*
10.20 a El Paso, Kansas City. St. Louis and *
Calcago .. — •••• '•08*
ILOOATao OTerland Limited— Omaaa, .
CWcaeo, Denrer. Kansas City... B4B«^|
11.40a5Ucs. Saa Joie and Way Stations. \u0084|-48»^
ti .OOP Sacramento RITeT Steamers.^. ... ti VOQi»
3.2oPPort Costs, Martlnez.Byron.Tr»cy,
Modesto, Merced. Fresno 12-08P
3.4oPBealcla. • Winters, Sacramento,
. Woodland, Knights Landing.
MarysTtlle and OroTille ......... 10.48 a
3.4o P Hay w trd, X lies, «nd way Stations 7.48 f»
4JJOP Vallejo, Martlnes, Sah Ramoa.
Xapa. Callstoss, Saat* Rosa ?•s!'*
4.qopNUes. Tracy. Stockton, L0dL...... 10?|*
liOpHsyward. Nile*. Irrlngton, San» JM|a
Jose, LlTermore 1 {11.43*
B-OOPThe Owl Ltottad— Newman, Lot
Banos, Mendota, Fresno, Tulars,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles. 8.43 a
B.COp Golden SUte Limited— El Paso. '
Kansas ttty, St. Louis and
Cnicaro S**2*
tS-20PHaywara. Nlles and SsnJose 7.08 a
B^Op Vallejo, Port Costa, Benlcia, Sul-
sun. Sacramento ii-ZaA
B.OQPEastern Express — Omaha,Chicag(\
Denver. Kansas City. St. Louts,
Martinez. Stockton, Sacramento,
Reno, Sparks. Montello. Ojdea .. 12.43*
Q^OpHayward, Ulles and San Jose 9.48 a
/•CQPBeno Passenger— Port Costs, B«-
nlcla, Sulsun, Elmlra, IMxon,
Datls, Sscramento. Hazen, Tono-
pan, Golddeld and Keelcr 7.08 a
74K)PValleJo, Crockett aad Way Sty
tions, Sunday only 11.23 a
&20POregon 4 California Express— Sac-
ramento. MarysTille, Beddm;,
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8.43 a
94)0p Hay ward, Nlles and San Jose (Sun* 2
day only) |11.48 a
COAST LINE Oarroir «an S e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.15 Newark, Centerville. 6an Jose.
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
• «>\u25a0\u25a0* -*•\u25a0 Cruz and Way Stations 5-Bsp
\u25a0MMBpNewark. CcnterTllle, Ssn Jose,
tfewAlmaden.LosGatoß, Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations tlo.|§A
4-15p Xenrar^, San Jose. Los Gatos .... -| *|||||^
SMSpHunters Train— (Saturday only) *
Saa Jos« and Way Stations t7-59P.J
COAST LINE <Uroa4 tiamre). v>
pr (Third and Tu^nsend Streets.)
B.IOASan Jose and Way Stations 6-30t»
7.OOASan Jose and Way Stations 5.40P
B.ooa New Almaden (Tues.. FrL.only).. 4-10^
B.ooa The Coaster— San Jose. Salinas,
San Ardo. Paso Robles, Santa
Margarita, San Luis Obispo,
Goadalupe, GaTlota, Santa Bar-
bara. San Bueiiaveu tura, Oxnard,
Burbank. Los Aiigeles 10-30*
S-00AOllroy. Holllster, Pajaro, Caatro-
Tille, Del Monte, Padnc Grove,
Surf. Lorn ooc 10-301*
S-OOASaa Jose. Tres Ptnos. WatsonTille,
Capitola. Santa Cruz, Paclfle
Grove. Salinas, San Luis Obispo
and PrStetpal Way Stations 4.10(*
10-30ASan Jose aad Way Stations I .2Q>
1140 a San Jose and Way Stations 7.40P
2-1 SPSan Jose and Way Stations 8-38 A
3 OOPDeI Monte Express— Santa Clara.
San Jose, watsonviue. Santa
- Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey
Paclne Giwre 12.15*
tS.GQPLos Gatos, Wright, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crnz. via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauce 10.45 a
3-3QPSoath Saa Francisco. San Jose,
GUroy.Holliater. Tres Pinos..^.. 10.45 a
4-30PSaa Jose aad Way Stations t7.56A
t5 OOP Santa Clara, Saa Joie. Los Gatos, t9.00A
{s.3oPSanJose and Principal Way Stations §9. 40 a
B.4sPSunset Express— Bed wood. San
Jose. GUroy, Salinas, Paso
Robles, Saa Lais Obispo, Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Demlng,
El Paso, New Orleans B.loa
545pE1 Paso. Kansas City, St. Louis.
Chicago 9.10 a
545PPajaro. WatsonTille. Capitola.
Santa Cruz, CastroTille, Del
Monte, PaclncGroTe 10.30p
tS-15pSan Mateo, Bereaford, Belmont.
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS.4B*
6.3opSan Joae and Way Stations 6.36 a
B. OOP Palo Alto a ad Way Stations 10-15 a
lUOPSouth San Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bar-
llngame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9.45 p
11.30pSaturdays only for Mayfleld. Moun-
tala View. Sunnyvale. Lawrence.
Santa Clara and San Joae 19.45p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY -W
(Foot of Market St.) ?^ .
Daily except Sunday. 7.10, 9.00, 1 1.00 a.m.;
1.30,3.30.5.30 p.m.
Sondar only, 7.30. 8.00. 10.30 a. m.; 12.00 n.,
1.35.3.00. 4.30.8.00, 7.30 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSunday excepted. tSundsy only. AMonday only.
{Dally, and stops at all stations on Sunday. - -
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. »:0O a. m.: 12:33. 3:3*
3:10. 6:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— B:O<X 9:SO a. m.: 12:33. 3:30^ 8:10t
6:30 p. m.
.SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20 a. m.;
12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:05. 8:00. 8:16. 9:40 a.m.; 3:40,
\u25a04:50. 5:00. 6:20. 6:30 p. m.
Leave I In Effect J Artt»»
. San Fran. | Oct. 8. 1905. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- | DesUna- I Sun- j Waek
Dayai I days. | Moo. f days. I Day*.
7:30 a 8:00 a 19:10 a 8:40 a
9:00 a 9:30 a Ignaclo. 110*40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p I 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p A 7:30 p
• :00a[9:30a[ Napa. I 9:10 a! 9:40 a
6:10 pj 5:10 p| j 8:20 p| 6:20 P
7:30 a . 9:10 a 3:40 a
8:00 a . Xovato. 10:40 a 10:35 a
8:30 p 9:30 a PeUluma 6:03 p 6:20 P
, 5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
(5:10p( Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:23 a
8:00 a Fulton 7:30 p 6:20 p
\ 8:80 p 3:30 p £J
Windsor -...*"
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur* 10:40 a 10:25 a
Lytton m
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyserrllls 7:30 p 6:20 p
. Cloverdalo
, 7:30 al 8:00 a! Hopland I1O:44> &|iou» at.
3:30 p[ 3:30 p| and Uklah t 7:30 pi 6:20 p
I I WUHts and I I ' -
7:30 aj B.oO a| Sherwood [ 7:30 Pi 6:20 p
t.-jo al vooal 110:40 a[10:23 a
IJS pj JllS p| GuerneTill. I 7:30 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma 1 S : J?*f 2 :^*
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen [ 6:oop| 6:20 p
V.«. \u25a0no- 110:40 a 10:23 a i
3-:3 Op 3:30 5 SebastopoL 7:30 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 6:10p J
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quenttn; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Sprlnss; at Lytton
for Lytton Sprin— ; at Geyserville for Ska&js
Bprtogs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boon-
TflleTand Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs; Highland Springs. Kelsejrville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport, Bartlett
Springs and Laks County Hot Springs ; at
UiSS for Vichy Sprln gs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel D«tl Lake Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. To-mo. Potter Valley. Joha Days.
Li«ly*s. HuHvllle. Orr-s Hot . Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Hopkins. . Mendocloa
City Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal: at Wll-
«t* for Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for
Fort Bragg. Catto. Ccreto. JLaytonviUe. Cum-
mings. BeU's Springs Harris, Hubbard. Fruit-
Und t Dyer. GarbervUle. Camp 5, PepperwooJ.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday and Monday round-trip tlcksU at
reduced rates. - •"\u25a0
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San . Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 660 Market st.. Chronicla toulld«
D 5aS. AGLER. R. X. RYAN.
;.-... pen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
— ""^ "— ———————— '^f m *
Weekly Call
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR,COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wali street Stocks still act/he. Cotton lower.
Local Mining Shares active, but Local Securities dull.
Xczc York Exchange slightly lower. Silver unchanged.
Wheat, Barley and other grains about as before quoted.
'Large arrivals of Bran from the north. Hay quiet and unchanged.
A o further changes in Beans or Seeds. •
Butter ie and Eggs 2c higher and scarce. Cheese firm.
Dried Fruits firm. Nuts steady and Raisins unsettled.
Choice Comb Honey scarce and firm. *
Provisions inactive at previous quotations. \u25a0 \u25a0;'.'•
Wool and ]lops qutet and unchanged. Hides still firmly lield.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in sufficient supply,
y Poultry in good demand. and higher, but Game loiver.
' Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables generally weak. \u25a0*
Fruit market sluggish and of a holiday character.
\\«mcrn Pack of Vegetables.
The V t-fterix Packers.' Canned Goods Asso
elitfon ••stsmotes the total /pack -of tomatoes
f . 19CJS it 5.000.C00 cases, giving 8,000,000
<*se» it* ligure for 1904. The corn pack
j..- . Zi'OZ is estimated at 12.500,000 cases.
nt.-.Jnat 11,100.000 for 1&04; peas 19U3 3,000,
\u25a0 • ...sp?. 1804. 3.800.V00 cases. So far as
• >».•. Sttaes included In that association are
«.:.ce:-n/d it reports the goods uneo!d and on
:..r.i -VeoenibeT l, 1905. as follows: Tomatoes,
:>r<:^t cases; corn. 2.W5.380 cases: peas 02,872
date. lt*o4, tomatoes, 405.832 cases;
com:.-%57.97» cases; peas. 154.444 cases. This
i*'-?Jt a total of 338 factories in the Western
i-'V.ff. ' ---•-. \u25a0-\u25a0 -: \u25a0
I"ne Weather and Crops.
.":;.\u2666 wtekiy report of A. G. McAdie, section
; .. .- c . t jj e climate and crop service of the
«Veatber Bureau. Is as follows:
GHXEIUI. SUMMARY.
>_"ocj and cloudy weather prevailed' nearly all
<he vtcek in the central and northern sections
•.:. i r<?ners.i:y clear and cool weather In the
* . :h. Heavy frost* occurred in all sections,
ft: caused no material damage, as timely
•waralrga were given to orar.ge growers. The
irear.fai! was quite he*.vy in portions of the
cork ar.d bay districts and lighter la the
••uih. High winds prevailed in come sections,
? t.l BO serious damage resulted.
Tie j-ain was of considerable benefit, espe
\u25a0a!fcll7 :n the central and northern eections, and
\u0084 *ir.g and seeding have been, resumed. Farm
I-Rcrk" and all vegttation are very backward
•xoept in Southern California, owing to con
tinued cold "weather and insufficient early rain
»Ul. Grain and grass are making very slow
\u25a0growth asd require warmer weather and
fcbusdsmt rain. In Southern CaUfrotiia early
i-jwn grain and grass are in excellent condl
\u2666ra ar.i making good growth. Feed has been
•^irce in r.etrU' all sections and cattle are in
in" or condition.
Orange harvest is progressing in Southern
California aad the crop Is turning out very
S>od. Reports are somewhat conflicting as to
e£n result of the 6evere frost at the close of
;:.e week, but in the orchards .that were f.hor-'
•">-£"'>' smudged the damage was Blight. Young
>mon buds aijd tender new growth were in
:ured to come extent.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY. — Cool and cloudy
\u25a0«\u25a0 rather prevailed most of the week, with light
showers Tuesday and Wednesday. Dry north
erly vieds and tnucn colder weaiher followed
v:e raia and severe frosts occurred in . most
;:aces. The rain was quite beneficial -and in
fcoma eections plowing and seeding were, re
turned. Grass has started a little, but feed Is
»:arce and stock &re in poor condition. Early
tovra wheaV is* «cry backward and needs warm
er weather and heavy rain. The grain acreage
will be far below that of last year unless
. :or» ravormble conditions pre\-aJI. The frosts
\u25a0-•ci no damage, as ail Jate crops have b«?en
:-.arve»te<J. Orange harvest Is practically ccro
pietea; tne crop is about avpragy Jn yield and
C-allry.
CX>AST AKT> BAT SECTIONS.— <?ooI and
«:oi:ay weaiher prevailed nearly all th« week.
«Ita< frequert heavy froet*. Generous rains
JeU !a the central and northern sections and
tight rains In the eoutb. High winds prevailed
ia «oiue sections on the 21st and 22d. but
TSUsed ra> xnaterlal damage. The soil is now
la very fair condition and plowing s^id seeding
•ire procressiag rapidly. Grass has made a
«">cfl start, but Trarmer weather Is needed for
that and early sown wheat. All vegetation Is
bt;lr»rajd, owing to the continued cool weather
*r.i scanty early rainfall. Orange* are looit
fJl* we-U aad there are no reports of damage by
f?oet. Pruning !s In progress In vineyards and
BAN JOAQUIN VALLET.— CoId, cloudy and
fogry we&ther prevailed during the past week,
\u25a0with llgtt showers on Wednesday and Thurs
4*r. -Killing fro?ts occurred several morr.lngs
rti caused consldermble damage to the olU'e
«rep. The ore.nc« crcp was harvested b*fore
"h« colfl epell ar.d escaped damage. Th« late
have improved the ground for farm
vcrk, and plowing and seeding- are rr.aklnjr
Irood progress. \u25a0 Green feed has started, but
»erie little irro-ath owing to the cold weather.
The snow In th» mountains is dtsappt-arlng j
rarity. Pruntr.jr crrhards and vineyards it
trx.gr»«s:ng. In sll parts of the vrflley stock
•u-e thin and sre beintr "cd. Rain and Trarmer
» °£ther are needed fr«r green feed and farming
<!-er*tir>rs.
POT.'THERN . CALIFORNIA. —Lirht ehowers
st: the begJnr.lng of the w^ek w»r» beneficial
'.:\u25a0 grain snd pi-ass. Cl^ar ar.d cocl weather
' Mowe<*, the mm ar.u «*-vere frosts occun^d In
riny^ijw!. High -winds caus»4 F-!;ht dam
air*. T".rr^e!>- vi-aminjr« of L^avy frosts were
f;vpa. and as th?y 'were generally heeded it is
Tr^baW.e the datnege- to oranr/^s -was very
V.rfct. Te-nflcr rrf-w ' growth snfi^ lemon buds
•\u25a0*re tir •-.'\u25a0\u25a0.:.; Injured. Grain 'is looking well
t r.4, nsaking excellent growth. S»>»3ing Is n»ar
!;• cnj?>r>!*ted In eomp peetlnr.^ and progressing
rspiflly in orhprs. The grain acreag-B will be
' c usually large. Grass !« making good crotvth
rsr.i- rreen fe»d fc brrtmir.c qnitP plentiful
HTUREKA fCJTMART.-RiUn frm? part' cf
"..-\u25a0-> w»*.ic put ground In good ocriitlon to
Ti^w. Heavy fr»-«ts navr*4 no >w>rl<-,-:i* damage
\u25a0 err*.r r*. but. r^!i ireath»r. retarded gror.-th of
.-«-ra*ion. '
;/",<: ANOEIJEI3 STTMMART.— Clear and
"si-rn •..-.,-;-<-' w«? followed by cold. with ne
vt» fro»t at <>nJ of week. Report*' give
Informs t ion: some ray tender citrus
rrowtU. young tree* ar.d pmal llemons wert
'njuped. ether* no injury. Extenalve r-muig
c »a,vefl much fruit: where there was no
•-rufirfnir in rxpowid orchards much frj!t was
• idly frozen.
F..iSTRI«V MARKFTS.
" »wr Tork Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dvc. SO.— Money on call Btrsr.g
sr.d h*srh«r. 12&A5 p»-r cent; ruling rate, 14^18
per cent; closing bid, 39 per cent; offered at
»3 per cx-nt. Time rrcney firm; sixty and
£f.ety days and six months. C per rent. Prim*
.-! *rcaritil« paper. 5%©6 per cent. Sterling
• -hanse weak, with actual business in bank
«!-!>• bills at J4.SCRS^-4.5590 for demand and
- i $4.52«'>34.8255 for firty-day bills. Posted
'-» Li 53% and $4 86% Q4 S7. Commercial
• .= '$4 K'.j. Bar pllver, 65^c. Mexican
,^-m BOc.-- Bonds— Governments, srteady;
Tcaia; flrm.
Xe*r York Stock Market.
r.V," YORK I><c. 2C. — Further very large
- • -, t •\u25a0'.: abGorptlon of s'tockn marked
. 't procwedings In tfce stock market. The
• \u25a0 v demand for stocks at an Bdvancin* ten
y'of jirlcrg wan a convincing d^monstra
; >ra ut th' ; confidence in values and the strong
\u25a0'•'** *r.r further advance*. There • was tnme
\u25a0^•• m that tlie CUrlstmas market vrould
'• ha\e been ovrrdene on sentimental
•\u25a0Cerav.or.B. There wan a good deal of
'Bitten to b* heard also In -various quar
\u25a0'\u25a0«:; strtet'thls morning exhortlnir to
t: * conservatism for the last week
...? -.^ r ow .,; n? i o the heavy requirements
»• pJoney market and the danger of
issweat to tbose ovcr-comrn!Ued in
acuiat.-.f! ve RR t ure ,;; The 25 per cent money
c befor* th« C !ow gave point to th« warn
iU« \u2666ix t* '\u25a0'"^"sc of the early market soon
.rtpatea Uw wrrhrnriens that the Chrlst
•: i M r* * a » *ver and made some «c
l-l -'- warnings of the conservatives.
B rnone> tnsrk« , r -;mi to have no terrors
\u25a0r ..he •peca'jtiv, , pMt any longer, the
'V. J nSr l k^- 1-i -ir,g succcsifully withstood
h flunif* In money so many times this
1 1 that the r ,r the position In felt: to
\u25a0 assured. Ppesuiativ* confldenre continued
impaired and th» re were reported to-day
•rceptible growths !n the outside for stocks.
!\u25a0« profltatile -harartt-i- of Stock . Exchange
islr.eas yrzs Indicated by the rapid advance
' th * ra !fL. for Rt ' y> " Exchange scats. A eale
.iK.CPportea to-.iij at $05,000 and numerous
cders were sa-d to b» c»ckinfr «eat«, with
lowo-t crr^r'.nc at 5T17.500. Tha price of
Ita reached a* »'.sh"a« $»0.000 for the first
-••in the hiFtorycr the Stock Exchange last
.^: »The Rggressive leadership assumed to
< by Lnlon Pacific an< i th( , United Statei
'1 stocks tras of ia r « effect on •entJment.
•re was no specific nc*» regarding either
>-k, but a ftronjT impression wa« produced
'<\u25a0 the very ireneral V:i 6f6 f that the heaviest
!»rn3nd came from sources n»*ar to the control
•' those compenles. Copper securities of all
rinds were animated a::d buoyant. The
xtraordlnary movement in Anaconda found Its
Jrslanation In the later report of an enlarged
Money, i2@4O
dividend disbursement. Amalgamated Copper
derived direct benefit from its large holdings
of Anaconda Ftock. It made Its best price
In th* last few minutes of trading. But the
rest of the market was quite sharply affected
by the profit-taking on the day's rise, which
•became general after midday and which was
aggravated by the violent flurry in money in
the last hour. The closing was easy and the
day's extreme gains were much Impaired.
Bonds were firm, United States bonds were
all unchanged on call. Total sales, par value,
$3,225,000.
X«w< York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton & Co., 4&9 California street.
San Francisco, members •of the New York
Stock 'Exchange, furnish the following official
Quotations of that exchange:
Eales.| STOCKS. ;Hlsh Low.l Bid. l Ask
..' JAdams Express..! \M> [250
lAllis Chalmers.. 21^i 22
23*.700;ArnaIg Copper . 1»7 101% 106% 10.
2.600 ! Am Beet Sugar.. 32 29!4 31 31%
Do pfd 83 bB%
Am Can Co »V 4 «%
Do pfd 68 68%
5.300 Am Car &Fy Co 40% 39 %' 40% 40^4
500 i Do pfd 1100 99*4 99 IW>
3. G00 Am Cotton Oil.. 37% 3«T* 3(>% 37
| Do pfd ». 92h V>3
Am Dist Te1. . .?. 37 43
Am Express 221 225
JAra Gr Twine Co 10li 10%
200; Am Hide & L. .. 9 9 8;4 9
2.900! Do pfd 41»4 33 38*4 39
I Urn Linseed i 21Vi J2
....... Do Pfd 42 43%
23,700 Am Locomotive. 71% QS%\ 70V4 70M,
I 500 Do pfd 117»s!no%ill7a8 117%
300Amiaait 4?4! *%\ *?* 5 *
100 Do pfd 25 25 i 25 20
46,400 Am Sm &Rf Co 10S jl6s»4ilOGi,4il*W«4
1.100 Do pfd 132. j 130 i129%|131>4
25.100, Am Sugar 154V411Cl a iU539 8 153%
400 i Do pfd 139 jl3S%jl3S Jl4O
OOOiAm Steel Fdries 13?& 13%, UVi 13%
300 Do pfd 50 50 | 49%| 5O
Am Tel & T Co 1139^:141
900 Am. Tob pfd 105%|1C4 105% 105%
1.000 An Woolen 43U; 43 43 4.A4
Do-pfd '...! 1 105 lOtli/
60.900! Anaconda ;255 [220 249 250
!Ann Arbor I ! 32 37
! Do pM ! 75 SO
Arcadikn ...| ' 4%
I.4oolAtlan Coast Line 160% 160 1160 ICO%
25,400! a t & s f e»% SB%i s-s% sa
30C»i Do pfd 105 l,; 104i 4 104 105
7,91k.» Bait & Ohio 113X1112% 112Ts H-*»
j Do Pfd | 98 U9
jßay State Gas I *i %
82,300!b R T j 90*8 BS% 89 89&
ißrook Un Ga5. . .).. v ..{ 175 ISS
IBruns D & 1. ...1 IS% 19%
IButterlck Co ..-!. ! 53 CO
ICanada Southern;. 1 6H% 7C%
25,500'Canadfan Paciflc|l7« 'U4% 174^, 174%
2,00o!c & 0 55?_ 55 154% 55-.
....... C & A 30 33
Do pfd CO 74%
....... c& n i pfd..; '130 139
800jCent Leather ... 40 4514 40% 45%
SOO Do pfd- 103 103>4
'Cl&Lpfd 70% S3
6,700 ! C &G W 21% 20-s 21 V4 21%
Do pfd A 70% 77
Do pfd B ! 34% 35
Do debs I S5 &6
700 C& N W (222% 221 221 222
8.700' C M&St P. .*.. [lB2% ! lSO'* ISI 181 Vi
| Do pfd ) i ISB 190%
6.900 C R 1& P (new)i 24;<,! 25% 22T4! 23
3,900: Do pM 6S | 61% 01% C2»4
! Do4s 79% 80
Chicago Ter 15% IS
Do pfd ! 34% 37
S.OOOChicago Un Trac 13H 12%! 12% 13
300^ Do pfd ..;... 41%f 40% 1 40U 42
1.100! C C C & St L ..;1001i1105%i103% ICMJ
....... Do Pf3 ......! 118 121
Cleve Lor & W '75 85
Do pfd 103 105%
33.5iC0;C0!0 Fu^l & Iron BR'i! 56^4 56% 50%
-IOOj Do pfd 95 95 80% 05
SOOColsm H C & 1.. ISHi 18% 18% IS%
| 2.r^>o Colorado So 2ST4 25% 25% 25%
1.100) Do 1« pfd .... C 6% €S%j CS^ <59
8.700 Do2dpfd.... 49% 47 48% 49%
B.OOOConsol Gas 179 178% 17R% 17'J
7.Cf«O ! Cf-rn Prrducts .. 16%! 16% .10% 10%
2,2Q0; Do pfd 60% SSVi M DO
(Del & Hudson 223 225
ID L& W 1 450 4<!5
13.200 D & R G 39% 87 59% 39%
2.4.30! Do pfd- 91 % 00% 90% 91
|De« M & Ft D 24% 27
200: Detroit Un Ry .. 95 95 04% 95
...;...! Detroit So 10% 10%
j Do rfd 87 40
! Diamond Match . 143\4 144
I.OOOIDiEtII Becur .... 64% 53 53% 53%
Do bonds \u25a0 •• W H S4 »
100 Duluth 534 A.. 1»% 10% 19% 20
2001 Do pfd 40% 40% 40% 40T4
V 14,200 Zrie 48V4 47% 47% 47%
' 2,200} Do let pfd.... 60% 79% 79% 80
700 i Do 2d pfd .... 73% 73 72% 73
JE &T II V 75 80
i Do Dfd • S3 »5
I.ooo'FederaJ M&S pfd 103% 107 107 10$
Ft w & d c :.;.;. 78% jo
;Gen Chemical ...1.. <3 | <S
.......! Do rfd 105 1110
900 Gen Electric ;178%1177 177 177%
2OO.'Great No pfd .... 289 1287% 2S7'<4 298
'Greene conn Cop '.'. 30% 30%
...• JGreene Gold ...../..I . '<% 3%
tHavana Tob Co 30 32
( Do Pfd 40 42
100'IIocking Valley . 112% 112% 112 112%
1001 Do pfd 93 03 , »2% 94
SOO Illinois Central .. 177 17514 175 17fl
....... Interboro 236% 237%
Inter Marine 12»i 13
..• Do pfd 33% 34%;
200'lnter Paper 23U 23 22% 23
3 000 Do Pfd 83 84% 84% 85
Inter Power 55% 50
llnter Pump 26 30
600 Do pfd 7RH 79% 78^ go%
500' Iowa Central ... 25% 28 28% 20
700' Do pfd 55% 5S 68% C 9
Kanawha & Mch 63 63
200 XC FtS & M pfd 83 8?. 82% 83U
s.2oo'Kans City So .. 3&«4 35 5579 38 %
4,200! DO pfd 67% 67 67% 67%
JKeokuk ADM....; 15 17
ILaclede Gas pfd 95 110
iLake E & West 40 41%
I I>.-> pfrt 92 «5
Lehfgh Valley ? 81% 82
jLroni? Island ". fiO C 7
2.400' L & N 163% 151% 151% 152
....... MacJcay t 6914 59%
j Do pfd 73% 74
.jManhattan 163 ICS
11 400 ; Met Securities... 8214 P0 80% SIVi
.1.1 700'Mct St Ry 127% 124% 120% 120%
15)700] Mexican Central. 25% 25% 25% 25%
fiOOMlnn & St L 81 80,80, 81%
200! Do Ist pfd.... 102% 102 101 103
I <500' M Ft P & S S M 142%f140% 140% 141%
400! Do pfd ICB J166 160 107
24 600MK&T ! 37% i 37 87^ 37%
3 000' Do pfd - 70%|-70}4 .70% 71
TiflOaMo Pacific 102- 1101. \u25a0 101% 101%
Na*h Chat &S L ....:(..... 143 152
' i 4*20 0; Vational Lead... SS^l S«Mi Mi' 4 M*f k
400 Do pfd ....... 104%|103% 103% 104
...... Natl Ry of M pfd. :........ 36.- 40
Natl Biscuit 63 63%
Do* prd • •• 113J4 114%
' ' ' 4*oo N-evr Jersey Cent 224 220% 221 223
*60W V Air Brake 168 ICO % 162 1 104
i2500!ni 2 5oo!n T Central.... 152 150% 15OW 150%
' 2:<oof N J S?^Sl ™ .71.... 71 ... .S? ; jS
•"200 Do2dpfd .... 90% 00% «9 ,! »1
....V. N V Cent RUrhte 0% 6%
v V TlrM?k . .. : . , • . . . •• • 31 34 \u25a0
v TjaiH.. ....: ..... m !i94%
•\u25a0"B*6oiN T Ont & W.. 62V4 61% 51% 52
2.600 Ncr & West...". 84% 84. 84% 84%
I Do Dfd \u25a0•••••• \u25a0••• \u25a0*" - "**
* '3 100! North American.. 101% 100% 100 100%
i;9oo;xorthern Pacific. 200 , 205 204 204%
400:Oma>«a 191% 189 189^ 191
'O Sl* 4s 05 % "
\u25a0•"\u25a0cOOlPaclflc Coast ... 105% 105% 104% 105
..... Do Ist pfd..;. J59 "" Ix 2"
-no 2d pfd. . 104 ' 105
"isOOPaclflc Mail....- 48% 48% 48% 49V4
iSff R M R C 0... 144U 143 M 1*3% 143%
Hs?n\ G t£ f^ as ;s
iPullmnn Car Co. » 24^ -HoVa
" VfiOO Ry St? Spnga \u25a0Co 62- 59% «0% 60V«
THE SAN FjRANGISGO; CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 27, 1905.
30.700|Readlng 138% 137% 137% 137%
1.100 Do Ist pfd.... 92 02 92 . 92%
200 Do 2d pfd..;. Htt 00 95 96
6,000 Republic S & I. 34% 33^ 33% 34
lo.eoo Do pra ....:.. iou»4 104% 105 nos^
100 Rubber Goods... 41& 41 V4 41& 42
Do pfd ....... ..; 103 107
OOOSloss Shef S& 1 SSVi S8 87% 88
•' Do pfd .....107 125
StL & SF Ist pfd 65 69
1,400 Do 2d pfd ... 49 43 48 49
St L & S W '-2 23
100 Do pfd .-63 58 07% 68%
21,300 Southern Pac .. 07% 66% 60% 67
Do pfd :..... 122 125
11,500 Southern By ... 36V 4 35% 35% 35%
100; Do pfd 100% 100 V* 100 101%
.., IStandard Oil 700 702 ! .
900 Term- Coal & I. 185 133% 133% 134
GOO Texas Pacific .. 34% 33% 34 34%
7,200 Third Avenue .- 141 138% 139 139%
Toledo R & T Co 31% 32%
200 Toledo St L & W 30% 86% 30% 30« i
400 Ho pfd .. BBV4 67% 68 58%
; 300 Twin City R T. 117 117 117% 117%
Union Bag & P 13% \u25a0 14
100 Do pfd 82% 82% 82%Vg3
170.000 Union Pacific .. 150% 149% 149% 14B>i
... Do pfd 98 00
Do cony 4s 149% 150
United Copper 67% 68
200 United Rof S F 89% 89% 89 "90
300 Do pfd 89% 59% 89% 90%
Do 4s 87% 87%
400 U S Cast Iron P 46 44% 45% 40 -
300) Do pfd 93% 03 92% 93%
200 U S Express ... 122 122 118% 125
U S Leather 15%
Do pfd ..- ..... 110 117
U S Realty & C 87 89
400 U S R & R Co. 30% 30% 29% 31
| Do pfd :...r. 68 70
1,300- U S Rubber ... 53% 52% 52% 52%
1.200 Do Ist pfd ... 110 109% 109% 109%
159,200 U S Steel Cor .. 40% 39% 40% 40%
30,500 Do pfd .. 106% 105% 105% 105%
9.700 Va-Car Chem Co 52% 50 51 51%
2.3C0 Do pfd 118% ll«% 116% 118%
1.200 Wabash ... ... 21 20% 20% 21!-
4,000 Do pfd 41% 40% 41 41J%
Do deb Bs .. 75% 7C .
Wells Fargo Ex 227 - 235
300; Western Union.. 92% 92% 92% 6.1
Wertir.gheuse 172 173
Do Ist pfd 187 196.
W & L E 16% 18
700 Do Ist pfd ... 43 42 42 « 42%
300 Do 2d pfd ... 26% 20 26' 26%
(Wisconsin Cen.. 29% 29%
400| Do pfd 61 60 61 62"
1,554,400 — Total sharea sold.
»vr' York Bonds.
U S ref 2s rcg..lC2% Japan 6s. 2d ser. 95%
Do coupon 103% Do 4%5, cert... 92
Do 3s reg 102% Do 2d eerifs... 02%
Do c0up0n..... 102% I, & N unified 48.103
Do old 4s reg.102% Man con gold 45.108%
Do coupon 103%tMex Central 45... SO
Do new 4s reg.130%1 Do Ist lnc 25%
Do coupon 130% 1 Minn & St L4s.. 97
Amer Tob 4s 80%lM. X & Texas 45.1C0%
Do 6s 115% Do 2ds' 89%
Atch gen 4s 102%! NR of Mcx con 4b 85
Do adj 4s 83% 1N Y. C gen 3%5.. 99%
Atlantic C L 45.101%|N J C gen 55. ...134%.
Bait & Ohio 45..103%1X0r Pacific 45... 105%
Do 3%s 96%: Do 3e 77
BrooklynßT c 45.100 j Nor & W con 45.101%
Central of Ga 55.113% O S L refdsr 4a... 95%
Do Ist lnc 93%' Pa cony 3%s 103%
Do 2d mc 80V,| Reading gen 45... 103%
Do 3d mc 75Vi ! S L & I M con 55. 116 \u25a0
Ches & Ohio 4%s.IOSVM S L & S F fg 4s. 87%
Chi & Alton 3%s 80%, St L S W con 4s. 81
C, B & Q new 48.101% l Seaboard A L 4s. 89%
C, R I & Pac 4s. 80 iSo Pacific 4s 91%
Do col 5a 88 } Do Ut 4s cert. 97%
C.C.C - SLgn 45.10t%!50 Railway 5t.... 120%
Colo Ind ss, sr A 7S%iTex & Pac 15t5.,122%
Do ss. ser 8... 7S (Tol.St L & W 4s. 82%
Colo Midland 4s. 77%; Union Pac 4s ...106%
Colo & So 45... -04 Do cony 4s 149%
Cuba 5s 105 U- S Steel 2d ss. 97
Den & Rio G 4s. 101%' Wabash lsts 115%
Dist Securities 5s H3%' Do deb B 76
Erie prior lien 45.101 ! Weetern Md 45.. 88%
Do gen~4s .... 93%!W & L Erie ; 4s;. 92
Hock Val 4%5...109 I Wis Central 45.. 94%.
Japan 6s 99%f •
New York. .Mining Stock*.
Adams Con 30' Little Chief 08
Alice — Ontario 250
Breece .....; 40) Ophir 6 50
Bruns Con 57 j Phoenix 01
Com Tunnel 08; Potosl C 7
Con Va MlnCo. 1 25' Savage .-. 48
Horn Silver 1 75! Sierra Nevada,..- . -28
Iron Silver . 3 50 Small Hopes 40
Leadville Con ... 04; Standard 350
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— U S Steel pfd:. .105%
Call loans r. . : . . . .7@B Westing Common." 87
Time loans .\u25a0 6%@6 'Mmmg — . >V"-'
Bonds— . Adventure,.. 6
Atchlson 4s .....101% Allouet 40
Do adj "4s 93 1 Amal Copper ....106%
Mcx Central 45.. 79 Amer 'Zlno ...... 14%
Railroads— Atlantic 23%
Atchlson .... BS% Blngham 34%
Do pfd .104% Calumet & Hecla.7lo
Boston & Albany.2s4 Centennial 29
Boston & Malne.l7l Copper Range- ... 87%
Fitchburg pfd... 142 Daly West ...'... 17%
Mcx Central 25% Franklin 17 V,
N T. N H. & H. 193% Granby 9%
Union Pacific ..149% Isle Royale 23%
Miscellaneous— Mass Mining 9%
Amer Arge Chem 23 Mohawk 63
Do pfd .92 Mont Coal & Coke 4%
Amer Pneu Tube 11% North Butte .... 88
Amer Sugar ....153 Old Dominion ... 83%
Do pfd 139 Osceola 100
Amer Tel & Te1.139% Parrot 34
Amer Woolen ... 42% Quincy ....108
Do pfd 105% Shannon 6%
Dom Iron & S.. 20 Tamarack .' 115^
Ed Elect 11ium.. 240 Trinity 10%
Gen Electric ....176 United Copper ... C 7
Mass Electric ... 14 U S Mining 45%
Do pfd 53 US Oil 10%
Mass Gag 46% Utah ....54%
United Fruit .. .104%; Victoria «'<
Un Shoe Mach... 72 I Wlnona 8
Do pfd 31 Wolverine 132
U S Steel .... 40%|
THE COPPER STOCKS.
BOSTON, Dec. 26. — Amalgamated Copper,
North Butte, Anaconda and Copper Range were
the features of a strong market. Buyers were
plentiful at the opening and the advances were
sharp In most stocks. . North Butte jumped
over four points on small sales and held Its
gain all through the cession. Copper Range
still seems to come out rather frfely. but the
floating suppl'- of stocks must be rapidly get
ting .exhausted. United Copper has declared
a regular dividend of Hi and an extra divi
dend of one-half of 1 per cent, payable Janu
ary 26. Books close January 8.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. -Dec. 26.— T0-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the • general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold- re
serve, shows: Available cash balance » $140.
321,174; gold coin and bullion, $85,317,365; gold
certificates, $51,007,580. \
»w York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— COTTON— The mar
ket was dull and sluggish, with both' New Or
leans and the L>tven>ool markets closed; ' \u25a0-\u25a0
There was some effort to ' push prices up,
but this was unsuccessful because 'of persistent
selling which was In evidence. . There was
little news, but further Southern advices again
proved rather bearish.
As this week is generally observed through
out the Continent as a holiday festival, little
Is to be expected of the market until after, the
turn of the new year, especially as the majority
of trade is now Inclined to await the publica
tion of the Census Bureau ginning report cov
ering the amount of cotton ginned up to Jan
uary 1 before undertaking any extended move
ment.
This report Is not due until : January 9, and
its importance lies In the fact that It will give
a better and more definite Idea in \u25a0 regard ' to
tha actual size of the crop, estimates of which
still range all the way from 0,250,000 to $10,
000.000 bales.
Futures opened quiet. . December, 11.57 c;
January 11.57 c; March. 11.86o; May, 12c;
June, offered, 12.02 c; July, 12.07 c; \u25a0 - August,
1102 c September, offered, ! 11.75 c; October,
Jll.OSeJ 11.0Se bid ' . < ('
Futures closed steady. December, 11.50 c;
January, 11.51 c: February. 11.66 c :- March, v
11.83 c: April. ll.»0c: May, IL 99c; June, 12.02 c;
July 12.0 Cc; August, II.SSc. ;
SPOT — Cotton closed quiet. Middling up
lands 12.10 c; middling Gulf, 12.35 c. Sales,
1030. bales. \u25a0 ' \
»tt York Grain and Produce..
NEW YORK. Dec. 26— FI/3UR— Receipts,
15,300 barrels; exports, 16,100 barrels. Dull
and unchanged.
WHEAT— Receipts, 06,000 bushels; exports,
137,800 buthols. Spot firm; No. 2 red, 81% c
elevator; No. 2 red, 93% c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 94^0 f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Manitoba nominal f. 0.- b. afloat. ; Op
tions declined early under ; bear pressure, sup
plemented by large world's shipments and out
side celling. which Anally turned strong. Ac
tive covering developed m the ' late trading,
helped by the liberal clearances,, and' the mar
ket closed , very firm" at %<B>\bc net advance.
May, 91Hc to 92 3-10 c; closed 01% c. July,
57%(388%c; closed BS»£c. December, WVi©
m%c; closed »s^6c.
HlDES— Steady.
. WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
HOPS— DuII. '.'-•-:.
COFFEE^ — The Immediate futur* of the mar
ket will be dominated by news of deflnlto
'action ' an" to th« export duties . on all coffee
going out of ' Brazil. : . .'/,
Talk of such action was the : principal In
centive to to-day's advance. ' There was little
selling pressure. . Spot : market* ? were 'i dull.' - -
Futures closed - steady at an \u25a0" advance of 10
to * 13 . points. Sales. • 35,250 . bags, " Including:
January. 0.35@€.45c; March; 6.7sc; ' May, * C.75
©6.85 c. _ * \u0084 . : - : -.:''.' l*- r -;-r*:
SUGAR — Raw firm; fair refining, ; 3%c; cen
trifugal, 00 . test, 3%e;< molasses sugar,:, 2%c.^
Refined steady. -
BUTTER — Steady. Westeg-n- factory com-
flion firsts, 15iS > 17% c; western imitation cream
ery extra, 19%«?2Cc. ' - " . \u25a0 -\u25a0'-.-"•,
CHEESE — Firm. Stata full cream , small
and large colored and white. September fancy,
13 % c; .do October best 13@13%c; do late made
small colored and white,; average best,' ll%c;
do large. 12c. - „„ - ;
EGGS — Firm. Western finest, \u25a0 80c; do : av
erage best, 29c; southerns^ 22@28c.
DRIED : FRUITS. «
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market rules
steady to firm at the prices current Before the
holiday. Common to good, 7Q'Bc; nearly prime,"
9<9'9%c; prime, 9%09%c; choice, 10% c; fancy.
ll©l2c.
PRUNES — Are moving out In small lots with
the business aggregating a ; moderate volume.
Quotations are firmly held from 4%c ;to Be,
according to grade.
APRICOTS— Are quiet . and v unchanged.
Choice, 9%@10c; extra . choice, 10%@10%c;
fancy. 11^ 12c. • . " :•..-•..-
PEACHES — Continue firm, with extra cholco
quoted at 10c; fancy, 10%@llc; . extra 'fancy,
ll@l2c. \u25a0 ; '-.- 'Z-t. ' \u25a0\u25a0")
RAISINS— Are in light supply on spot and
prices are firmly held. Loose Muscatel are
quoted at £>%@7%c; seeded raisins, . 5%@9c;
California London layers, $1 CO.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20.— The absence of Lon
don cables caused generally, quiet conditions
In the metal market. Tin was lower under,
slightly heavier offerings and closed , dull at
$35 80«f30 12%. '
Copper- remained dull and to some extent
nominal, with no supplies available for im
mediate delivery. Lake and electrolytic are
quoted at $18 60519. and casting at $18 12%@
18 02%. r - •
Lead was unchanged at $5 (io@6 lo, the in
side prloa being for thirty-day shipment \u25a0; of
fllty-ton lots, while actual spot supplies are
very light and th« quotations practically nom
inal. • \u25a0'
Spelter was quiet and unchanged at $6 65®
H VS. \u25a0\u25a0 r . . \u25a0 . -i s - \u25a0 . ,
Iron is .reported firm in tone with the buy-;
ing movement, quite sufficient . to maintain
prices. No. 1 foundry, northern. $18 75@19 20;
No. 2 foundry, northern,/ sli»2s@-18 85; No. 1
foundrj'. southern, $18 60@lS 75; No. 2 foundry,
southern, $18@18 25.
- Visible Grain Supply. , .
NEW YORK, Dec. 20.— Following is the
visible suuply stateimnt of grain as complrod
by the New York Produce Exchange: Wheat
40,40«j,CJ00 bushels, increase ,1,815,000; OaU
27,720,000, decrease 30,000; Rye, 2.535.0C0, In
crease 227,000; barley O.IUii.OOO, decrease 96.0U0.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26.— Until late In the-ses
sion wheat was inclined to be weak. Pit trad
ers largely favored the selling side, but de
mand by leading longs had a tendency to re
strict offerings. » At the opening the market
was depressed by the unexpected size of the
world's shipments. An English statistician on
Saturday estimated the total movement at
8,000,000 bushels, but actual : figures supplied
by the same authority to-day showed . the
movement to be over 11,000,000 bushels. '_>, An
other weakening Influence was aa Increase of
Nhi.uw) bushels in stocks- of wheat at Minneap
olis. Selling was also encouraged by reports
of rains In India. In the last hour, buying was
commenced by several prominent commission
houses, and shorts, becoming somewhat
alarmed, covered actively. The demand found
the market apparently oversold and the result
was a quick rally In prices. . The market closed
firm and almost at the highest point of the
day. May opened a shade lower at 87 % c, sold
oft to Sti%c and advanced to b7%c. Final quo
tations were at 87% c, a gain of %&34c. •
A slump. of nearly 3c a bushel in the price
of the December delivery, old style, and -a re
covery of the greater part of the loss was' the
feature of trading in corn. Profit taking
caused by reports of heavy local receipts \u25a0 start
ed the decline. The December delivery, . old
style, opened at 47% c, broke to 44% c and
closed at 47c. The May option 1 held steady for
the entire day. It opened a shade lower to a
shade higher at 44c to 44% c, sold between
43% c and 44% c and closed unchanged at 44& c.
The oat market ruled" steady. May closed
unchanged at 31%<3'31%c. ; ',;
Provisions were weaker after a firm opening.
Local packers and foreigners sold freely during
the last half of the day. Final quotations on
May pork were oft 7%c, lard was down 2%@-5c
and ribs were a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
• Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 — . -
December . S3 83% 82% ' 83%
May*..... 87% 87% 86% 87%
July ..."83% 83% 83 63%
Corn No. 2— ! f *
December, old.. 47% 47% 44% 47 t:
December, new. 44% 44% 43% 44%
May 44% 44% 43% 44%
July ....f...... 44% 44% 44% 44%
Oats No. 2—2 —
December ....Y^ 30*4 30% .30% 30%
May ......... .I"',' iX% ;• 31% 31% 31%
July ...:.....:: t7 30% 30% 30% 30%
Mesa Pork, per bbl —
January 13 70 13 75 13 67% 13 67%
May . : IX 92% 13 92% 13 80 13 82%
Lard, per'.lOO lbs— ."\u25a0 „- , ; -
January 745 .7 45 740 r.7 40
May ........... 755 7 57% 7 47% 7 47%
July .:....;.... 7 57% 7 00 7 55 7 65.
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 7 17% 720 7 17% 7 17%
May ....: 7 42% 7 42% 7 37% 7 37%
July ..;.... 7 52% 7 52% 7 47% ,7 50
Ca«h Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, easy; No. 2 spring wheat,
S3&B^.; No. 3, 8O0S4c; No. 2 red, 86%<3*7%c;
No. 2 corn, 46%@47c; No. 2 yellow. 46^@47c;
No. 2 Oats, 30% c; No. 2 white, 31%@32c: No.
3 white, 29%«i30%c; No. 2 rye. 05c; good feed
ing barley, 37% c; fair to choice malting, 41®
49c; No. 1 flaxseed, ?1 OS; No. 1 Northwestern,
$108%; prime timothy seed, $3 37%; mess
pork, \u25a0 per bbl. $12 95@13; lard, per 100 lbs,
$7 50®7 52%; short ribs sides (loose), $7 10®
7 20; short clear sides (boxed), $7 40®7 45:
whleky, basis of high wines. ?1 30; clover, con
tract crade, ?13. . '
« Articles - Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels ..: 20,900. 23.600
Wheat, bushels 48,200 v" . 16.1C0
Corn, bushels 317,700 167,000
Oats, bushels ... 386.500 280,300
Rye, bushels 0,000 2,000
Barley, bushels 102,300 66,100
nut tor, Cheese and Eecs.
' CHICAGO, Dec. 20.— 0n the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries. 17@24%c; dairies, 17@20c; eggs,
firm at mark, cases included, 18@23c; firsts,
22c- prime firsts, 26c;' extras, 28c; cheese,
firm, 11%013c. .-\u25a0-- '.
E3A STERN % LIVKSTOCK MARKET.
. Chicago.
CHICAGO. Dec. 26.— CATTLE— Receipts,
IS 000; market strong. Beeves, $3 60@6 40;
cows and heifers. $1 5004 75: stockers and
feeders. $2 5004 25; Texana, $3 6004 25. .
HOGS Receipts, 20,000; estimated to-mor
row 38.000: market 10c higher. Mixed and
butchers. $SS« 30; good heavy. $5 15@5 S3:
rough heavy $4 03JJ5 10; light, $4 95^5 23;
pigs $4 70^5 20; bulk of sales, $5 10<35 25.
SHEEP Receipts. 18,000; market stronger.
Sheep, $465 90; lambs. $4 Ss®7 7tU
Kansas j City. .
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 26.— CATTLE—
Receipts. 8000: market lOc higher. Native
steers S3 75® 6 25; native cows and heifers,
S2(£f s-' stockers and feeders, $2 -75@4 60; bulls,
?2 25@1: calves, $3(S'7: western steers, $3 26
04 S5: western cows. $235<3:3 60 v- i-
HOGS Receipts, 10,000; market 100 higher.
Bulk of sales, $5 05<@5 20; heavy, $5 15Qfl 25;
packers, $5.1065 20; pigs and HghU, $4 75®
SHE^IP— Receipts", 3000: market 10c higher.
Muttons. $4 5056: lambs. $5 75@7 60; range
wethers, $5 50@0 50; ,fed owes, $4 75®5 25.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Neb.,'. .Dec. 26.—CATTLE—Re
celDts 1800; market strong to 10c higher. Na
tive • steers, $3 75®6 78: cowa and heifers,
$2 60®4 25:- western steers, $3®4 40; Texas
eteers $2 75®3 75: cows and heifers, $2@3 40;
canners $1 6002 40; stockers and feeders, $2 50
®4- calves, $3©«: bulls and st^fis, $1 755J3 75.
HOGS — Receipts 4500; market 6@loo higher.
Heavy. $5 10S5 20; mixed. $5 10@5 15; light.
$5 0305 15; pigs,. $4 40@4 75; bulk of sales,
'sHEEP— Receipts, 2200; market steady.
Yearlings, 's<>©<* 60; wethers, $5 50@6; eweg,
$4 90©5 60; : lambs, $7@7 75.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreiscn Futures.
' ... LIVERPOOL. ;
Wheat — Dec - March. May.
Opening So!!S o !!^ ay '
aoslng Holiday.
', PARIS.
Wheat — Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening -.23.35 24 20
Closing..... .....2345 24 20
Flour — \ . \u25a0 ''
Openlns: .......3110 3170
Closing ..:... 31 45 80
Boioton Wool ,; Market.
• BOSTON, Doc. '!, 20.— High • prices continued
In the wool market, in , which a : small amount
of business was : done \u25a0 for ; this . period of- the
wason. The demand for -California and .Texas
wools \u25a0 contlhueO • fairly active. -A moderate
amount of \u25a0 territories have * been disposed ' of.
The demand for pulled wools is rather better.
Foreign grades are eteauy.
Idaho— Fine, • 22c : . heavy fine. 10@20c ; fine
medium. 22<ff23c; medium, 23@27c; low me
dium '. 27028 c. '\u25a0' • •\u25a0 •• - ; <«^S(>f*S^s®C"*iS®i*sla«gffi
Wyoming— Flno, 22@23c: heavy fine, 19@20c;
fine medium. 22@24c; medium, 27@28c; low
medium; 27«28c. , _; ~\ M . t : • -
\u25a0- Utah a<»d Nevada- — Fine, 22@24c; heavy fine,
19@20<?:rnn«. medium, 22#24c; medium, 270
28c ; low. medium. 27@28c. \u25a0
St. lionls ; ;,Wool J Market. . ;
ST LOUIS, < Dec. : \u25a0 26.— W00l steady ; . medium
grades combing and • ; clothing, \ 2e@3oc; light
fine \u25a0 21@26c; heavy fine. 19iS21c; tub washed,
33@41%c. • -. • '\u25a0\u25a0•'\u25a0'\u25a0'-' '\u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:
\u25a0; Northern .Wheat Market. ; .
' ' •/"" " ! OREGON. ,\u25a0..-\u25a0
C PORTLAND, t>ec. "26.— Wheat for export-^
Club, . 71®72c; bluestem,.73@74c; red, 67@650;
valley, 72c. ' --.--•" " . -/•\u25a0":; v
\u25a0-'\u25a0:.,.* WASHINGTON.
, TACOMA, Dec. 26.— Wheat unchanged. Ex
port—Bluestem, 74c;- club, 72c; , red, 69c
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Dec. 26.— Clearings. $1,435,440;
balances, : 5190.CC2. \u25a0"•\u25a0.-
SPOKANE. Dec. 26.— Clearings, $772,537;
balances, $30,323.
TACOMA, Dec. . 26.— Clearings, $083,208:
balances, $48,(305. .
PORTLAND. Dec. 26.— Clearings. $1,002,314;
balances, $73,019.
LOCAL MARKETS.
....;\u25a0 Exchange and Bullion.
New York Exchange was weaker.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — @l 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight .. — <B>4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables ....... — @4 87fci
New York Exchange, sight...'. .. — — @. 02
New York . Exchange, telegraphic — @ 07
Silver, per ounce '. 65%@ — .
Mexican Dollars ..:............. — @ °1
. INTERNATIONAL. -
New York ' on' Paris 616%
New York on Mexico .199%
Paris on I London. .25.39
Berlin on London .:........; ....20.39%
Wheat .and Oilier Grains.
WHEAT. -. FREIGHTS— Continue unchanged
at 27s 6d from Portland and 2Cs 8d from Ta
coma, usual European \u25a0 options. The rate from
this. port la nominally 20s, with nothing doing.
The chartered Wheat fleet in port has a regis
tered tonnage of 3744, against 15,770 tons on
the same date last year; disengaged, 25.000
tone, against '32,ll6; on the way to this port,
202,000 tons against 165.000.
• WHEAT— There was nothing new from the
East or abroad, as usual the day after Christ
mas. The world's shipments for the week
were -as follows. -In quarters: Russian. 250,
000; Danublan. 20O.C0O; Argentine, 53.C00; In
dian, 63,000; /Australian, 15,000. '
In this market the cash grain was Inactive,
with few buyers, arid those shy. Futures were
also quiet and not materially changed. -
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, ?1 42%; California White
Australian, $1 47%@1 62%; 'lower grades of
California Wheat, $1 12%®1 30; Northern
Club, spot, $1 40; Northern Bluestem, $1 42%;
Northern Re*d. $135. I;
\u25a0 . FUTURES. s . :, :
'J ,'\u25a0' Session 9to 11:30 a. m..
Open. High. Low. ' Close.
May ...'.....51 40tf $1 40% $1 40V1V *1 40%
.'. \u25a02p. m. Session. ."::'\u25a0'+' ' \u25a0
. Open. High. Low. V; Close.
May ......-..51 40%. $1.40% $1 4096/ $1.40%
BARLEY — Futures, were lower In the fore
roon, but the s?ot market .was steady, with
several sales of choice Feed at ?1 22%.' A
miller paid this figure for. 1000 sacks. - Re
ceipts since Saturday were 17.359 "ctls. *\u25a0; "*
CASH BARLEY. r v \~
Feed, $1 15®1 17% for common and $1 18%
@1 22% for good to choice; Brewing. $1 22%4*
1 25; Chevalier, $1 20@l 35 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
U ">*<*.!\u25a0• Open. High. Low. C)o?e.
May $121% $121% $121% $121%
December — No sales; $1 24 asked, -.i^-.:. \u0084
... '\u25a0 2 p. m. Session. \u25a0...••"
Open. High.. Low. Clo^e.
May ........ $1 22 $122% $122 $122
OATS— There are plenty of goods cSerrng,
but the demand is not very active. Quotations
are as before. \u25a0 , . ' \u25a0
Red, $1 50®l 62% for choice seed. $1 30®
1 40 for fair to good and $1 25 for common;
Black, $1 5001 75 for good to choice for seed
and' down to $1 20 for ordinary feed;; White.
$1 87%@1 50: Grays, , nominal.
CORN— Thera is no change whatever In local
conditions. S^t-prices are firm, but those for
future delivery are more or ltss weak.' Offer
ings''on- 'Change are small: '•
Western -eacked, $1 42% for Yellow,; $1 37%
fcr White and $1 40 for Mixed; California large
Yellow, »1 42%;. email, round do, $155; White.
$1 37 V»: Egyptian. $1 4£#l 42% for Whit© and
$1 25#1 30 for Brown."
RYE— Is still dull and featureless at $1 42%
@1 52V> per ctl. . \u25a0 ' " .'
BUCKWHEAT— SI CO(S1 75 per ctl. -
' • Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
- There Is the usual local trade at steady and
unchanged prices.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $1 SO®
5 10, usual terms; YBakers' Extras. $4 7O'@'s;
Oregon and Washington, $•'! 75(?Ti 23 per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS— Price* In packages
are as follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. $3 75;- Rye Meal, $3 50: Rice
Flour, $8;. Corn Meal. $2 75; extra Cream do,
$S 75- Oat Meal. $4 50<S4 75; Oat Groat?, $1 73;
Hominy. $3 75@4;' Buckwheat Flour, $i 50®
4 75; Cracked Wluat, $3 73; Farina, $4 CO;
Whole Wheat, Flour. $3 50; Rolled. Oats, bbls,
$7@B; in sacks,: $tt fiOirl fio;-.Pearl. Barleyr^sB;
Split Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green Peas. $3 50 per
ioo iba. . \u25a0\u25a0- - . \u25a0 ; ' . s^.f:^j
\u25a0 \u25a0:-:.._ ' Hay; and Feedstuffs.
Large arrivals of 20,239 sacks of Bran from
the north did not disturb the. market, which is
apparently absorbing them quietly. Arrivals
of Hay since Saturday amount to 953 tons, in
cluding 77 cars, and conditions In this market
are also unchanged. ', ;^ .\u25a0'.•','.'
BRAN— SI 9 60@20 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O^3O per ton.
SHORTS— SI 9 50(820 50- per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $20#27; Oil
cake Meal in 5-ton lots, $37: Jobbing. $37 50 per
ton- Cocoanut Cake or Meal at mills, $22 In 10
and' 522 60 In 5 ton lots; Jobbing, $23; Corn
Meal, $29 60@30 50; Cracked Corn, $3C@JI:
Mixed Feed, $24025; Horse Beans, $30®-k) per
ton- Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl: Calfalfa
Meal, carload lots, $22; Jobbing. $23 50 per ton;
Mealfalf a. $19 In car lots and $21 for smaller
quantities.
HAY — Wheat, $11 50016 50; Wheat and Oat,
$11@15 50; Oat :J9@l3 50; Barley, $*»@11: Vol
ur.teer Wlldi Oat, $7(g'll: stable. $6 60^8 50;
stock, $7@7 50; Alfalfa, : $7 5(XglO 50 per ton
for ordinary and $11 50;512 for. choice river.
STRAW — 30@55c per bale.
Brans j and Seeds.
The firmness in Limas continues the leadlns
feature -In the Bean market, though all sorts
are flrmly held. . Arrivals are moderate, but
the demand is not brisk at present, j Hemp
Seed continues strong and the other Seeds are
steady.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 50; Pea. $3 75@4; Butter.
$3 50- small White, $3 1003 25: large White,
$2 40<g2 65; Pink. $1 90@2 10; Red, $3 2S@
3 60- Lima, > here, $4 50@4 65: Red Kidneys.
J3 40®3 SO; Blackeye.' $4 25@4 50 per ctl;
Horse Bears, »$1 75<§il 85.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 75; .Yellow
Mustard $3 Po®3 73: Flaxseed, nominal; Ca
nary 6W#T6%c: Alfalfa. 13@14e for Eastern
and 10@12c for California; Rape. 2<R2ttc;
Timothy. 5%c; \u25a0 Hemp. 4%c per lb; Millet,
2%®3Vlc- Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60; Green Peas, $2®
2 60 per ctl. _______-:-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There was very little doing In Potatoes and
lr. the absence of Important business prices for
all descriptions : were unchanged. Receipts
from near-by districts continued free. Three
carloads of poor quality Sweet Potatoes came
In to- a decidedly weak market. Four carloads
of Oregon Onions were marketed and the best
lots were held at " a slight advance, but trade
was very quiet and the market remained weak.
Miscellaneous vegetables were generally weak
under quiet < trading and liberal supplies of
carrled-over stock. .There wae a sharp drop
In prices of Summer Squash and several other
kinds were slightly lower.
POTATOES — River Whites. 50<583c per sack;
Salinas Burbanks. $1 10@l 40 per ctl: Oregon
Burbanks. 75c@$l 10 per ctl: Sweet Potatoes.
75oiS$l 25 per ctl for sacks and $1 35@1 40 for
crates / \u25a0
ONIONS— YeIIow, $I@l 40 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, s@7c per lb;
String Beans, 7@loc per lb: Wax Beans, S®loc
per lb; Lima ' Beans, B@loc per lb; Toma
toes, 75c05l 25 per box or crate; Summtr
Squash 75c@$l . per ibox: Cucumbers, $1 25®
160 - per box; Cabbage, $I®l 25 per ctl;
Carrots, " 60@75c peri sack; Garlic, '6#^c per
lb- Egg Plant. :10@12%c per lb; do, Coachella,
$2* 50 per aerate; Green Peppers, 4@sc ppr lb
for Chile : and 12% c for Bell; Marrowfat
Squash, $20@30 per ton; Hubbani Squash, $25®
30 per. ton. • '. ? •
Poultry, ; and Game.
During the -past 'two days four carloads of
.Western Poultry, Including one for a -retail
firm.'" came to hand. : The three cars received
'in" the -wholesale market moved oft fairly at
satisfactory prices. ;The market for domestic
live stock was In good shape..- available sup
plies bein? extremely: light/ and firmer . prices
ruled : for everj'thin? except . small. .Hens.
Dressed Turkeys wen} nominal, \u25a0 only two small
cases be Ing. received. '; Game was plentiful and
easy, wl tli most; kinds selling at lower prices.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, • 2(Xg:2lc per lb;
Dressed. Turkeys.- nominal; G?ese, per ralr.
$2@2 60; Goslings. $2 50®G; Ducks, $5®6 rer
dozen for old and $6^B for young; Hens, $3®
C 60 for small and 36 50@7 for large; young
Roosters, \u25a0 $6® 7; old ißoosters."i Roosters. " $s(ff 6; •; Fryera,
$0 60@fl; Broilers, $3 50@4 30; Pigeons, $1 23;
Squabs. $2®2 25. -. .•\u25a0 ,'-;'\u25a0\u25a0.
\u25a0 GAME — Per dozen — Mallard. \u25a0 Ducks.- $3tf?s;
Canvasback, $3©5; Sprig. $2 50@4 50; Gray
Ducks.s2®3; Teal, $l-50©2: Red Heads,' $1 50
(S)3. Widgeon, ;slso<^2; small Ducks. $1 25f1)
l'6O; .Gray i Geese," s3; -, White Grese, $1®150.'
Brant, $2 50 ' for large and $1 50 for • email ;
Honkers,' $3@5 ; Hare. \u25a0 $2 : Cottontail Rabbits.
$2 BO; Brush Rabbits, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and V.kki.
• Butter, Eggs and'; Cheese all' opened . jvery
firm: after the'holldays and Butter, advanced
Io ; and Eggs :2c. ' Cheese prices remained un
changed. »> The advance- in Butter - and Eggs
was caused ; by ' scarcity of stock, tha . market
being virtually bare i of fresh ranch Eggs and
the » market f or ; fresh : creamery Butter "> being
little - If '\u25a0 any, : better (Off. ' Supplies ; of Cheese
continue' meager. "- The > receipts -; of Eggs since
Saturday : were ' only 302 > cases, which gives a
good idea of ; the scarcity of .supplies. ;\u25a0,",.
'\u25a0 Transactions on tho : exchange were : . ; 
,Butter—For'. California Afresh" extra. \ 33U0
bid. 34c asked; for Eastern cold storage.- extra,
2-i^c askrd;^Mo)>%'f}SBPoQßMpptt|a6HttM
E KKS — 3 cases California \u25a0 fresh -. selected,-. 33c.
For California cold storage selected.* 20c asked.
For' California "fresh; selected, buyer 2.^ 36c
bid: for the game, seller 15, 33c aaked : J or
Eastertj cold etorage selected, seller 2, 23}* c
asked.' . \u25a0- • \u25a0 \u25a0', '\u25a0 \u0084
Cheese^-For California new firsts. 12% c Did,
13 %o asked. • o/wv . .
Receipts were 45,700 lbs Butter. 6000 lbs
Cheese and 302 cases Eggs.
DAIRY EXCHANGE OFFICIAL QUOTA
TIONS.
(Note— The Exchange quotations represent
wholesale prices as established by ssfles. bids
and offers on th« Exchange. Prices for Butter
and Eggs on the street are governed by the
Exchange quotations, but generally range
about l@li.ic higher, owing to the miscella
neous character of the business.)
BUTTER— Fresh— California extras, 3oC,
firm; firsts, 28c. firm; seconds, 23^c.
firm; Eastern extras. 23% c; firsts, 24c.
Eastern Ladles— Extras, 20c; firsts. 19c. Stor
age goods— California extras, 25c. steady;
firsts, 23% c; Eastern extras, 24c, firm;
Hrsts, 23}ic Ladles— Extras. 20c. firm; flrsta.
19 He. firm. .
EGGS— Fresh California selected. 33c. firm;
firsts, . 30c, firm; seconds. 28c, firm: thirds,
nominal; California selected store, 2Sc, firm;
firsts, 27c firm- Eastern, nominal. Storage- -
California selected; 28c, steady: first?. 25c;
seconds, 23y.c. California store — Selected. 21c;
firsts, 23c; Eastern selected. 21c; firsts, 23% c;
seconds, 17% c.
CHEESE; — California fancy, new, 14tic,
steady; firsts, 13^c, firm; seconds, 12@12%c.
firm. Young- Americas, fancy, 15c. firm;
firsts. 14c; seconds, 13c. . Eastern — Fancy,
15%@lGc, firm; Western, 14@14}ic. Storage —
California fancy, 13 firm: firsts, 12V3C;
Young Americas, fancy, 14c; Eastern, fancy,
isc. . -— \u25a0'r rTOTiMiiiiiiißrrn
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market for • fresh fruits was extremely
quiet, trade being: practically at a standstill
during the greater part of tbs ,day. Apples
and Oranges .were plentiful and 'weak, stocks
of the latter having been Increased by four
carloads over the holidays. Leading Apple
dealers were expecting a weak market for that
fruit and lower prices were predicted in some
quarters. The quotations for Strawberries and
Grapes are withdrawn, as there are no more
of any consequence expected to arrive.
CUAXBERRIES— Cape Cod. 15®ltic per bar
rel
APPLES — $1 25@2 per box for fancy, 73c
@J1 25 for choice and 4Cig7sc for common;
Christmas Apples. $1 25©2 50 per box.
PEARS— Winter NeUis, Jfl 25@2 50 p«r box;
other varieties, $1(S1 25 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50c@$l per box.
CITRUS AND TROPICAL. FRUlTS—Or
anges: Navels. $2®',' 50 p«r box for fancy.
$1 50@t 75 for choice and $I®l 50 for stand
ards; Seedlings. 73c®$l 25; Tangerines, $ltj
1 25; Japanese Mandarins, $1 25@1 50; Lem
ons $1 5C(g2 50; Grapj i>"Yuit, $1 50®-' 75; Mexi
can Limes, $4@4 50 per case; Bananas, Ha
waiian, $I@2 per bunch; Central American,
$2 50<g:3 50 per bunch; PlneappUa, fJ@5 per
dozen* v^SiSKSS
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins and Honey.
The usual quietude common to thia time of
the year is reported and quotations for* all
Fruits and Nuts remain unchanged. Prunes
continue to lead the other Fruits In point of
firmness and there is a good demand for them
in New York, though In a Jobbing way.- Nuts
are steady, with stocks steadily going into
consumption. Raisins are In their usual un
settled condition. Bright comb Honey con
tinues scarce and very firm, wjth sales at 15c.
while the extracted grades continue weak and
mglected.
FRUITS — Apricots, S@loc for Royals and
OQVZc for.Moorparks; Peaches, 8%0 for stand
ards, S%c for choice. 9c for extra choice and
9%@10c for fancy; Pears. B<gl2%c; Nectar
ines, 7V>@s%c for white and 7%@7%c for Red;
Plums pitted. 6%®7»ic for Black. 7@oc for
Red and 7©9 c for Yellow; Silver Prunes. 7®9c:
Evaporated Appke, Bffl%c; Figs, boxes, 50^
for choice. 35c for extra choice and tSo@6sc for
fancy: bulk white, 2%#4c per lb; black.
3®3%c.
PRUNES — 3%@4c basis for the four sizes
<00-100) and 4%c basis for the large and small
sizes ' i -
RAISINS— Loose, 4-crown, 6%c per lb; B
crown 6c; 2-crown, 5%c. Seeded Raisins —
Fancy, 16 ounces, 3%c : fancy, 12 ounces, 6%c;
choice. 16 ounces, Sc; choice. 12 ounces. 6%c;
Imperial Clusters. $.J per 20-lb box; Dehesas.
$2 50; fancy, $2; 3-crown London Layers,
$1 50; 2-crown. $1 40: seedless standard loo«e
Muscatels. 4^c; seedless Sultanas, 5%57c;
Thompsons. 6%c; bleached fancy. 0@10%c:
bulk choice. 8c: standard* 7c.
NUTS— Almonds: Nonparlels. 12%©13 c; I X
L. 12c; Ne Plus Ultra. 11%i312c; Drakes,
9i6#loc, and Languedoc. o<go%c; hardshell,
!,i,fi(iU.c-- Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13@14c;
No 2, 9#loc; No. 1 hardshell, 12%®13%c; No.
2 By>€?9%c: Peanuts, t»@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans," ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5; Italian
Chestnute, B®loc per lb. - '.^ n ~
HONEY— Comb, 12%@15c for white and 10@
12c for amber: water white extracted^- 5%@
5%c; white. 5c- amber. 44?4%c; dark. ;
Hawaiian, 2%c for extracted. \u25a0:-. - -ir-r^f-r,->:
BEESWAX— 27<&29c per lb.
Provisions.
The local packers and wholesalers contlnu*
to report an inactive and featureless market,
with quotations as before.
CURED. MEATS— Bacon. 12% c per lb for
heavy, 12% c for light medium. 13%@140 for
light. 14<@14%c for extra light and 16@16%e
for sugar-cured; dry Salt Sides, lie; Bel
lies 12c; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, i:>@l3V4c:
California Hams. 12»4012%c; Me«s Beef. $1) 5O
per bbl- extra Mess. $10; Family, $11; prime
Mess Pork $14; extra clear.. $19 50; Mes3.
$17 50; Fig Pork. $22; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb.. \u25a0
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound, 7@7i.ic for Eastern com
pound and 9%c for pure: half barrels, pure.
Me; 10-lb tine, 10% c: 5-lb tins, 10% c; 3-lb
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 8c; three
half barrels. 7T«c; one tierce, 7%c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The Wool market continues quiet, with con
ditions precisely as before stated.
There Is not much doing in Hops at the mo
ment, either here or in the East, and quota
tions .remain as before.
Purchases of Eastern buyers keep thl3 Hide
market : up, but there' are no new features.
There is no accumulation of- stock.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %01c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers " 13c; medium. 12% c; light. 12c;
Cow Hides, 12c for heavy and 12c for
liehf Stags. B%c; Salted Kip. 12c; Salted
Veal, 13c; Salted Calf. 14c; dry Hides, 21c;
dry Kip, 20c: dry Calf, 23c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20<gC0c each; short Wool. 50«»O3
each; medium. 90c@$l 25; long Wool. $1 25<@2:
Horse 'Hides, salt. $3<g3 25 for large and $2 73
for medium, $2 25 for email and 50c for Colts;
Horse. Hides dry. $2g2 25 for large and $1 50<8>
1 75 for medium, $1 50 for small and 50c for
Colts. Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 34c; dry
salted Mexican. 25c; dry Central American.
35c- Goat Skins— Prime Angoras,. 75c; ex
tra 'large do $-1. 25; large, 50660 c; medium.
35<S4Cc. email. 23c. .
. TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4V»c in barrels;
In cans and drums,. %c less; No. 2, 3©3% c:
Grease. 2@2%c. \u25a0 - ,*,»,
" WOOL — Fall clip — Northern free. lS^Uc:
do defective. 12@14c; Middle County, free. 15®
17c- do defective, 12©14 c: San Joaquln and
"outhern. 10@l3c; San Joaquln Lambs. 14®
lllc- do.- defective, 9@l2c per lb.
HOPS — 7@llc per lb._
Meat^Market.
Supplies of everything except Hogs are am
ple and the market remains as before quoted.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
50fic'for Steers and 4@3c per lb for
°VEAL— I^rge. 5%??7%e; small. 7Q9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9%@10c; Ewes. 8%@93
per lb. ;
LAMB— IO^Hc per lb f
FORK— Dressed Hogs, B%@9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good found
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less .40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle: - - '„
CATTLE— Steers, 5%®6%c; Cows and Helf
*Sr CALVES^-3%ig'4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3%c; Ewes, ,3@3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 75©3 ptr head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 130 to 230 lbs. , s^©6c:
over 250 lbs, 5%c; , under 130 lbs. 5%c;
Feeders, nominal; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars.
50 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations. .• - . - \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0
General 3lorchandl.sc.
BAGS— Grain Bags, buyer June-July. 6%©
6%c : Wool Bags. • 30@33c; small lots, 31@34c;
F1 CJVNNED r ' e FRUITS— The California Fniit
Garners' Association quotes the; following
price list: \u25a0 • '- v \u25a0\u25a0- f "
a t3 ts ts is
- L ' b \u25a0 fff §5" -3
Apples . . ; . .*. ..... $2 00 $1-60 $1 4O'sl 30i$l 0O
Apricots ......:... :.... ieo iio icoj so
Blackberries 1 75 .1 35 l-20'l 15
Cherries (R, Ann) 4 00 3 00 2 50 2 25t
Cherriel '(Black).. 3 00 240 2 00 1 75 .....
Grapes (W.Muscat) 200140 1 15 90 90
Nectarines ....... 2 00:.... 150 130-.
Peaches (Yellow).. 240 170 . 130 90
Peaches (L.. Cling) 250 2 00.,'... ,1 40 90
Peaches (do sliced) 2 50 2 CO .:...
Peaches ; *(W. H.).. ..... 1 53.....
Peaches : (do sliced) 2 50 1 83 ..... 1 40 .....
Pears (Bartlett) 1 . . .i.r. 225 2CO 165 .....
Plums .................. 125 100 90 70
Plums (Damson).. ....:..... 1 00 -90
Raspberries^...... 3 00 2 60 2 25 2 00.....
Strawberries ..>..!> 2 60 200 1.75 I^6o .....
/ • CANNED \*EGETABLES — Tomatoes. 2%-lb
*tandard»..' SOc; * gallon standards, 1 $2 50;
2%-lb. solld'pack. 90c; 3-lb, $1 05. Green Peaa
Extra fine sifted. $1 25; Marrowfat.' Bsc."V
PACIFIC CODFISH — Quotations continue
largely nominal.. with local houses quoting dif
ferent prices. . ; \u25a0 ::.' . -'. * •'\u25a0'.-'.-\u25a0
\u25a0 ' CORDAGE— The local company quotes as fol
lows,' CO days or % per cent - discount for cash.
no sales under 10,000 lbs: Manila, 15% c; Sisal,
AUCTION SALES
fe fe &
AUCTION SALE,
NEVADA STABLES
1350 Market Street.
Friday, December 29, at II a.m.
I will sell the contents of the Nevada Stable*,
consisting of 70 head of first-class Horses,
among them a number of matched teams and
some of the best Road Horses in tha city, a
number of first-class Business Horses and
some good Wagon Horses, 23 first-class Busi-
ness Buggies. 13 Road Buggies, 12 Top Bug-
gies, 4 Surreys. 1 Hack. 1 Victoria, 1 Wagon-
ette and a number of wagons of all kinds.
Harness for all outfits. Whips. Robes. Blankets,
Safe and Office Fixtures and a number of other
things too numerous to mention.
This is not a lot of cheap stuff, but en» of
the best. If not the best, equipped stables on
the coast. Everything must be sold, for the
owners are retiring from tha livery business
and tho 'building will be remodeled Into a
theater.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
£fo 5^% JfcS>
AUCTION SALE
WEDNESDAY. DEC. 27, AT 11 A*. M.
Arcade Horse Market. 527 Sixth Street.
I will mako a general clean up of 55 all-purpos*
horses; all young and sound; good workers;
mutt be sold to wind up the year's business;
come and tee them. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auc-
tioneer.
Viv /P"^ 2tdb
AUCTION SALE
THURSDAY. December 2S. at 11 A. M*
AT 875 I-'OI.SOM STREET.
40 horses, wagons. ' buggies, 20 set of working
harness; also some sored horses, condemned by
one of the largest delivery companies in th«
city. Everything will positively b» sold.
SAM HABLES. Auctioneer.
10% c: Duplex, 9%c : Bale Rop«. ll®U%c per
pound.
COAL — Wellington, $3 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $8 30;
Beaver Hill. $3 50: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $3 50;
Richmond, $8; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cacnel. $» per ton; Coke. $11 30#U per
ton in bulk and $13 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $8 50 per short ton.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 12««13%c for strict
ly prime washed: ll@l2c for prime, washed:
10%510%c for good washed; 11%©120 for good
prime to prime washed peaberry; 10%©llc for
good to prime peaberry; lO^llo for good, to
prime; 9'®9%c for fair; 6%®3%0 for common
to ordinary.
Salvador — 11@12%c for prime to strictly
prime washed; ICUIO%c for good washed; 9^
i»%c for fair washed; 10%@120 for good to
prime washed peaberry: 9%tHo%c nominal for
prime semi-washed; 9%^10%c nominal for
good to superior unwashed; 9%®9%c for good
Kreen unwashed; 10%®-10%c for good to su
perior unwaehed peaberry: <5%®3%c for com
mon to ordinary.
Ecuador — Current unwashed, 9c nominal.
Nicaragua — 11 ft 12c for prlm» washed: 9^
10% c for fair to strictly good washed; 9*-i@
,o%c for good to superior unwashed; 10%@10%c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — ll@l3c for prime to
strictly prime washed; 10%©10«4c for strictly
good washed; lC<glO%c for good washed; 9^^
9%c for fair washed; 9<g9%c for medium; 6%
®8%0 for common to ordinary. ll®l2o for good
to prime washed peaberry; 10%®10%c for good
to prime unwashed peaberry: o%@lOe nominal
for good to superior unwashed. ;
Hawaiian — 13@14c for fancy; 11%^12%c for
prime; 10%®11%c for good; 9%giO%e for fair;
11312 c for peaberry; 7gtta for low grades.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 29®31c: extra
heavy. 31833 c per lb; medium. 25330 c: light.
27'329c: Rough Leather. 23®30c; Harness
Leather, heavy 35^37c for No. 1 and 33--g-33c
for No. 2; medium. 3C®37c : light. 29@3ie:
skirting. No. 1. 40@425; No. 2. 36@33c; Collar
Leather. ISQIBc per foot; Traca Leather. 40<^
44c; Kip. unfinished. 40@30c per Ib; Veal, fln
ished. sG@6oc p«r lb: Cair. finished, 63cS$l per
!b; W«x Sides, 16#17c per foot; Belt Knlf»
Splits. 14(@lfic; Rough Splits. B#loo per lb.
TANBARK — Ground. $35@40.per ton; stick.
$IS®22 per cord.
OlLS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc: Linseed. 50c per gallon for boiled and
48c for itvw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 16#1 13: Lucol, 4Sc for
boiled and 46c for raw; China Nut. cases, 65^
78c per gallon- Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 53c
for Ceylon and 53c for Australian: extra,
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm OH. 63c: extra bleached Winter Whale
Oil esc; natural Whal* Oil, 60c: extra winter
etralned Lard Oil, 73e; No. 1 Lard Oil. K3e;
Pyre Neatsfoot Oil, 75c: No. 1 Xeatsfoot Oil.
57% c; Herring Oil, 45c; Salmon Oil. 31c; boiled
Fish Oil. S3c; raw Fish Oil. 33c: Paint Oil, 33c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE ETC. — Water White
Coal Oil. in bulk, lie; Pearl Oil., in cases.
17% c: Astral. 17% c: Star. 17% c; Extra Star.
20% - Elaine 26c; Eocene. 19% c; Stove Gaso
line. In bulk, 15% c; in cases, 22c; Meter Gaso
line, In bulk, 15% c; in cases. 22c: No. 1 En
gine Distillate, iron barrels or drums. Sc; No.
2 do 6%c; cases, 6%c more; Benzine, In bulk.
12% '; ases, 19c; 86-degree Gasoline, la bulU.
23c; in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— 00c per gallon In cases and
84c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. S@
&%c per lb; White Lead. S@3%c. according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— S3St?39 per Cask for local
use and #36<g37 for export.
SALT— Bales. 9Oc for common and $1 for
granulated; Dairy $5 50 per ton; Granulated.
$6fi6 50; Half Ground, 100-lb bags. $3 23; do,
50-lb bags. $3 73; Rock Salt. $2 73®3 In 100
and $3 23 In 50 lb bags; Genuine Liverpool.
Sll 50. $12 50 and $13 50 per ton la packages
of 224. 110 and SO lbs respectively.
SUGAR — The> Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes a3 follows, per lb. in 100-li> bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. s.3t'c:
Powdered, 5.13 c; Candy Granulated, 5.15 c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.05 c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5C5c; Fruit Granulated. 5.03 c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only) 4.53 c: Confectioners'
A. 5.03 c; Magnolia A. 4.63 c; Extra C. 4.53 c:
Golden C, 4.45 c: "D." 4.33 c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 23c more; boxes, 50c more; 50- lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets^ — Half
barrels, 5.53 c; boxes, 5.ROc; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.05 c per lb. No order taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sires. $iS®l9; ex
tra sizes higher: Redwood. $lt)®23: Lath, 4
feet $3 73<24: Pickets. $22@27: Shingles. $2
for No. 1- Shakwi. $14 for split and $13 for
sawn; rustic. $25@43.
Receipts ot Produce.
FOR THREE DAYS.
Flour, qr sks... 8.359,' Mustard, sks .. SSO
Wheat, ctls .. 2. t't.7! Wool, bales .... 13
Barley ctls .. 17,380; Leather, r0115... «8
Oats, ctls 450! Hides. No ..... J.O«S
Corn, ctls ..... 320* Pelts, bdls • ... ;?1«>
Rye ctls f- 0 ** 1 Paper, bdls ... l.uSl
Tallow, ctls -. 212 Lime, bbls 549
Sugar ctls 3.0C0 ; Raisins bxs ... 730
Beans sks .... 113' Brandy, gals ... "• *%>
Potatoes, sks.. 3.111! Wine, gals ....142.f&>
Onions, sks ... 1.8.W Chicory, bble . . JO
Middlings, sks. 100! Livestock, head. 1.3C0
Haf. tons 03.:] Calfskins, bdls. 10
Straw, tons ... 26 j Molasses, bbls.. JSO
Hops bales ... 50l| Qulcksllvr. Hsks 1.-0
OREGON.
Flour. Qr »k5... 10.1541 Middlings. «ks... 000
Oats ctla 270 Shorts, sks 725
Potatoes, sks .. 1,828! Feed, ska 62S
Bran, sks 12.4i0|
| WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls ....54.000! Shorts, sks 2.987
Bran, sks 7,799|
WESTERN STATES.
Flour (Utah), qr I Corn, ctls 439
5k« .......:... i.ooof
STOCK MARKET.
Mlnlns Share* Aetlve, bnt 3llscellane
oat Stocks Quiet.
The week opened quietly on the Stock and
Bond Exchange after the holidays, and the
only fluctuation 'worthy of note was an ad
vance In Gas and Electric from $33 to $3«.
Sales of bond* were small. ' '\u25a0'-'
In the minlnc stocks the Tonopani led in
activity, with large trasactlons in - Home.
Dlamondfleld Black Butte Consolidated, Ken
dall and several others. Prices tended up in
tha leaders en this board. The Comstocks
were fairly dealt in, with an advance in Cale
°Th* following divid-nd* were paid yesterday:
The Hom«stake Mining Company of Souta Da
kota^, a regular monthly dividend of 50 cents
Der share The Rocco-llcmestake Mining Com
pany of White Pine County. Xer. a regular
dividend of 2 cents per share. The- Northern
California Power Company, a regular monthly
dividend of 3 cents per share.
The \u25a0 American National Bank of San Fran
cisco will pay a regular semi-annual dividend
of $'»50 per* share, or $23,000, January 2.
The San Francisco National Bank will pay
a regular semi-annual dividend of $3 per soar*
a< rtie French-American Bank of San Francisco
will pay a regular semi-annual dividend of
The Italian-American Bank of San Francisco
will pay a regular semi-annual dividend of
$ n 50 per share January 2.
The Oakland Bank of Savings. th« Central
Bank of Oakland, the Farmers' and Merchants'
Savings Bank and the Union Savings Bank.. of
Oakland have declared semi-annual dividends
on al» savings deposit* at the rats of 3%
per c«nt per annum, payable January 2. This
Is an increase of & per cent over th« rats paid
Continued on Pajre 14.
1516
ASKS COURT
TO PUNISH
BYINGTON
"George D. Collins Uses Tem
porary Bespite to Flash
His Teeth at Dogs of Law
i Who Are in His Pursuit
31EX WHO SAVED HIM
ESCAPE OTHEK DUTY
Three Jurors Criticized by
District Attorney Excused
From Minnie Adams Case
by Consent of Both Sides
George D. Collins is snapping back
Et ins pursuers. His teeth are flash
ing at District Attorney Byington and
the result will be shown by the de
cision of Judge Lrfiwlor this morning in
proceedings instituted by Collins
against the District Attorney.
Collins filed an affidavit with Judge
Juawlor yesterday th^t the District At
torney was in contempt because of cer
tain criticisms he had made concern
ing three members of the Collins jury
that disagreed and asked that the
.jiublic prosecutor be cited and pun
ished.
' Another incident occurred in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday that is di
rectly interwoven with the Collins,
trial. The three jurors, Hickman,
Hartley and Hunt, who voted for ac
quittal in his case, were called Into the
box in the Minnie Adams case. They
had been sitting together. Strangely
enotigrh, out of about fifty names in the
box, these three came out with the
eight first drawn. As the turn of each
to be questioned in the jury box came.
Assistant District Attorney Ferral
esked that they be excused by con
jteat of both sides. Judge Lawlor ex
cused them.
Following is the affidavit filed by
Collins with Judge Lawlor:
After the court discharged the jury on De
cnnb«>r 22 District Attorney Byln&ton falsely
end maliciously stated for publication in The
i <'a!I. and it wae published In The Call »<?
timber 23, of and concerning three of the
jurors, who it was allpged voted lor the ac
ouittai of the aiSar.t, namely James P.
, Hunt. Charle* H. Hartley and Newton H.
Hiokman in the following words:
•'I believe that the three men who votej
for tht acquittal of Collins were not actuated
1 b>* honest motives. Tho»<e of the other ju
ror? v.hora I ha\e Interviewed expressed the
oj :nien that Jurore Hunt and Hartley had
V>«-*n tampered with ana I believe that no
man could with honest motive* vote ,iot
. frul!t\O The evidence was conclusive. Such
juror* are a. menace to justice." i
Thct said statements are knowingly and
*xv<l'fu!!y false and untrue ar.d the said James
P. Hunt. Charles H. Hartley and Newton H.
Hickrr.an were not actuatec by any but hon
est and conscientious motives in voting for
the acquittal of the affiant and were not tam
.l^red wi'.h and are not a menace to justice.
!The»=p false and defamatory statements were
msde by District Attorney Bylngton for the
I>urpo*e and with the intent of preventing af
. fiant from Slaving a fair and impartial trial
of eald action before a ralr and Impartial
jury friid for th* purpose or intimidating and
'.preventing any juror who should hereafter be
•.elected and impaneled to try said action from
" voting: for the acquittal ol eald affiant, even
though convinced that the said affiant was
innocent.
SLOW PROGRESS BELN'G MADE
IX lUPAXELIN'G ADAMS JURY
Only Three Bfcore Secured After a
Whole Day* "Work, Making Seve«
Altogether.
Slow work is being experienced in
securing a jury in Judge Lawlor's
court for the third trial of Minnie
• ><sams. charged with the murder of
h»>r baby boy in March. 1899. Only
three jurors were secured yesterday,
making: Feven altogether, the other
Jour having been accepted last Fri
day. The three are: H. E. Meyer,
'5399 Sacramento street; C. J. Eld
" racher. 25 Ninth street, and L. Hinz,
SOS Market street.
James R. Goodall said that since
the hanging of Mrs. Rogers in Ver
mont he did not be3ieve in hanging
women. He was excused. There have
hern 123 jurors examined so far and
only seven accepted. Most of them
had ecruples against capital punish
ment for women.
Suspected Burglar* Arrented.
Gost Gatsjkis was arrested yester
day by Detectives Regan and O'Connell.
, jj c . W ont to P. Varellas' candy store, 46
Fourth utreet. on December £4, and it
is alleged took the key out of the rear
donr. The s;ore was entered by a bur
icla*- early yostorday morning' and $35
Fiol^n from the cash register., Varellas
does not want to prosecute Gatsikis.
Detectives Conlon and McGowan ar
rested Elmer Saunde.rs, John Dcvine
and Thomas Evans. They had been
hanging around the water front dis
trict at» nights and are suspected of
bring burglars.
ApVERTISEMEyTS. J[_
No Secrets
T' TYm 1
oHide ,
We have nothing to conceal; no secrets
to hide! We publish the formulas,
of all pur medicines. You will
find these in Ayers Almanac for
1906; or write us and we, will send
them to you. Then show the formulas
to your doctor, and ask him what
he thinks of them. If he says they
are good medicines, then use them:
If he has anything better, then use
his. Get well as soon as youcan^
inai s ine puniL: Loweii, van.
MISS LULU BOWEN, EMBEZZLEE OF
$7000, PRODUCES BONDS.
I,uln Iloiren. the yonnff wo
man Tiho embeezlcrt more than
$7000 for Lonls AY. Bakrr, ltrr
Intimate friend, ws» admitted
to bonds* in the Mini of §7000
by United Slates Commissioner
Heneock yesterday. Investiga
tion* »boT«.s tli.-.t Bakrr did not
tine tbe miolon money In bin
bnslnenn. no he bad pretended.
He probably upent the money
fur persnnnl pleanures. It Is
noiv believed llint Baker not
only planned to ruin the young
woman but to desert bis vrlfe
and family am well. Creditors
have begun proceeding* to re
coup ..themselves, but the rec
ords «h«w that tbe vrit*ked
mnn'x property Is incumbered.
Sister of Defaulting
Postmistress Com
forts Her.
Prisoner Is Released
and Goes Home
a Wreck.
\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .
Gazelle eyes, dim with tears, a sallow
complexion, a head bent beneath the per
fidy by which a recreant lover had dis
honored her name and smeared a black
blotch ovor her life, were the character
istic features of Miss M. Lulu Bowen's
appearance yesterday morning in United
States Commissioner Heacock's court to
be arraigned upon the charge of the em
bezzlement of 57007 72 from the postofflce
station In Oakland where she had been
employed as 'clerk, vjn the dark hour of
her adversity she had two friends with
her. One of these friends was her ol<3er
sister, the other was a white-haired
woman in whose features could be read
determination of character mingled with
kindliness. This was Mrs. Armstrong,
a friend of the afflicted girl. While the
lawyers were discussing with the court
the matter of postponement owing to the
absence of Mr. Church, the defendant's
counsel. Miss Bowen's sister placed her
arm around the shoulders of the prisoner
—a mute symbol, of pity and comfort.
Only once during the proceedings did the
defendant exhibit any emotion whatever,
and that was when her sisyer wept upon
her shoulder in the Commissioner's cham
bers while the bail bonds were being pre
pared. Then the disgrace* fir) shed
tears.
It was decided that the preliminary ex
amination should lake place on Thursday
of this week, at 10 a. m., Charles Heg
gerty representing" Attorney Church of
Oakland and Assistant United States Dis
trict Attorneys A. P. Black and George
Clark representing the Government.
There were ... present, also as interested
spectators .United States .Secret Service
Agents George W. Hazen and Richard
H. Taylor and Postofflce Inspectos Mad
df-n, whose search through Miss Bowen's
accounts revealed the extent of the defal
cation.
A. J. Snyder, a prominent real estate man
of Oakland and Berkeley, and C. M. Mac-
Gregor, acontractor and builder of 619Thlr
ty-second street, Oakland, presented them
selves as bondsmen. Mr. Clark suggested
that the bonds should be made equal in
amount to the sum alleged to have been
embezzled, and Commissioner Heacock
thereupon fixed the bonds at a round J7OOO
each. By the time the papers were hand
ed to Miss Bowen for her signature she
had recovered from her agitation and
signed her name with an untrembliflg
hand. ,'» ; :
BAKER'S PERFIDY DEEP.
Revelation* Show That Ills Victim
Was Wholly Deceived. t
OAKLAND, Dec. 26.— Bit by bit the
story of the deceit practiced .. upon M.
Lulu Bowen by Louis W. Baker to per
suade her to become a thief is being un
folded. That JBaker lied when he said
the money was going into his business
was proved to-day when the Sheriff took
charge of the Baker Printing Company's
establishment under writs of attach
ments.
Baker is hopelessly involved. His
stock and machinery are under chattel
mortgage. Creditors to the ex/ent .of
nearly $4000 are in sight. There has been
no evidence that Baker's business prof
ited by his dealings with the disgraced
postal clerk. ; -.
It is believed after to-day's investiga
tions that Baker not only got the money,
but that he cruelly deceived the young
woman as to the purpose for which he
intended It.
Postal Inspector R. W. Wadden. in
charge of the case, has repeatedly de
clared that the Bowen woman's only cry
Is that. Baker will soon return and
straighten out her" troubles.
The exposures In connection with
Baker's business . affairs followed the
filing this morning of an attachment on a
claim of $7000 levied on behalf of Mrs.
Matilda Brown, the benefactress of Lulu
Bowen, who has assumed the responsibll-
-\u0084.,...\u25a0 \u0084 . , . \u0084, ....v \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . .\u25a0;• .-...
THE SAM . FRANCISCO -CALIJ; WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER .27, 1905/
OAKLAND POSTOFFICE CLERK
WHO ADMITS , EMBEZZLING
GOVERNMENT FUNDS. •
ity for | the clerk's defalcation: Deputy
District Attorney Everett J. Brown, fcfc
his mother, filed the attachment suit.
Sheriff Frank Barnet placed- Deputy Sher
iff William Moffat in charge of Baker's
printing shop. The Oakland Paper Com
pany levied an attachment to cover a
claim of $924 61, while representatives of
the estate of Harriet E. Donaldson, hold
ing a chattel mortgage on,>the plant for
$1350, also took steps to protect them
selves. From the records it appears that
this mortgage is still alive.; Miss Bowen
has declared to the ' postofflce officials
that $1100 of the stolen^ money was given
to Baker for the express purpose of pay
ing off that mortgage. The accounts at
Baker's establishment seem to show that
he is indebted for machinery in the sum
of $1250 to one firm.' j There does not ap
pear to be any money due the business
outside of a few bills for recent job work.
Unless Baker should be arrested within a
few days his wife will be requested to
take charge in order that the business
may be wound up. -| A petition in involun
tary insolvency will . probably be filed by
the creditors. ..-,"••-:
The Postofflce Department was not
ready to-day <' to 'make a demand on Mrs.
Brown for the money to cover Miss Bow
en's shortage. Substation No. 1, which
will be placed in charge of Miss Jessie
E. Logan, was not reopened because. the
officials have not completed the taking
of stock and- the j other clerical \u25a0work
necessary, to close up Miss Bowen's . ac-.
counts.
Mrs. Brown has been in conference "with
friends of the Bowens, as well as with'
members of the family, looking toward
restitution, -ft'r .
The Postofflce Department,^ with- the,
help of -the Federal secret service agents,
has begun a search for Baker. It was-ru
mored' he was seen -last night in San;
Franciscq," but the clew was vague. A
theory that Baker might have committed
suicide has been given some considera
tion by the officials. After ; her release
from. custody. this afternoon Miss Bowen,'
in company with friends, went directly to
her home, 1 612 Merrimac street. "The meetj
ing, for the first .time since, the exposure,
with her mother and sisters was a Apathetic
scene. Miss 1 Bowen will, :so* .far./ as the
public is concerned, keep her. own- counsel
until such time as'; her-" attorney', :L. S. 1
Church, shall- advise her to 'talk.. In Miss
Bowen's behalf "members'; of* her family,
last night gave out a statement, in which
they • say Miss Bowen is on the verge of
collapse. -\u25a0 They also say: , : *\u25a0 ' . ;
"She is aglrl who during her entirelife
has been under the control "of her mother,
and is'-'as. ignorant'' of the .ways, of r the
world as . a child ten- years old. < Had ; she
been told; that a man could be as base as
Baker has been, or could do what he has
done, she , would, have; been • unable to, be
lieve j it, and on this account' it ; was easy
for her to \u25a0 become . the victim of .this man;
through her sympathy; for what j she be;;
lieved to be Kis misfoVtune.^We are satis
fied from what she has told 'us that he led
her to believe that .he was -accepting Ithe'
money only as a -loan) and -would be 'able
to repay : it 'before ' the shortage - was\ dis-'
covered. . As ' to' what- he ' did; with - the"
money., we "do v not know, \u25a0\u25a0'. neither does'
Lulu." •"• -;;.:, ;V: : 1 : • \u25a0' -,
POLICE ARE SPECULATING \ ;
AS TO VACANT CAPTAINCY^
It Is Reported. That.. Another 1 Examina-
tion of Lieutenants' Will He Held
.Before Making? .Selection. ;. ' '
There ; is considerable .^speculation
around; the . Halljof- Justice : a.s : to .which*
captain v \of police be ; assigned -to'
the Southern : district: in; succession:. v to
the late : Captain Spillane.;.' lt 4s >: said
that Captains'. Martin," >Ahderson-..- and
Gleeson;'are',talked : of, with : Gleeson ; a
favorite. ; \u25a0"-••\u25a0 : *.\u25a0,:-"\u25a0. *';' : /-'\'/~
Lieutenant H. -H. • Colby . is » the J next
on the promotion *list and in • the or
dinary course ;of events would' be'
named to fill the . vacancy. >It* is ; ru-I
m ored, however, • that ; as : it is \ over two
years' since an examination -of lieuten
ants for ; promotion? to- a- captaincy ? was
held, another, examination mayvbe de-!
termlnediupon and'the highest ;on .the
list -selected; . * r.
CHARGED WITH VAGRANCY.— Detective
Sergeants Bralg. and- Taylor, . who are;roundlng
up \u25a0 ' 'Buspects." arrested * Barney ' Goldst«ln . and
Joeep'.i Hamilton; ex-rbunko men, last night 'and
charged .them.w ith :v»«rancy. They 'wlll'-be
photographed ' and- then 'discharged. ' . \u25a0
WOMAN CHARGED
WITH BURGLARY
Mrs. Hattie Martien Is Ar
rested AVitli Her Alleged
Consort, Charles M. Lawson
Mrs. Hattie Martien and Charles M.
Lawson, an ex-soldier, /^vere booked at
the City Prison yesterday afternoon by
Detectives ! Bunner and- Freel; on a
charge of burglary. They are accused
of \u25a0 entering the room of Mrs. .E. . L.
Hess, landlady of the Harvard House,
271 O'Farrell street, on- Saturday night
and stealing jewelry and other ar
ticles of the value of about $3500.
Mrs. Martien was the landlady of
the house till De'cemberl, having sold
out to Mrs. Hess. She and Lawson,
who, the police say, had been living
together for over a year, rented a room
from Mrs. Hess immediately opposite
the one occupied by Mrs. Hess, and had
been packing up to leave at the 'end of
this month. ; . "\u25a0
Mrs. Hess, for the first time since
taking possession, left her room on
Saturday night to go to dinner: in a
restaurant. * When • she returned | she
discovered'^hat her room had been en
tered and her trunk broken open. She
missed- a diamond and pearl necklace
valued at $2000: set of furs and muff,
valued at $100;" two bracelets, valued
at $85; emerald breast pin, valued at
"$25; lady's watch chain, -valued at $35;
brooch pin, set ; with diamonds, valued
at $80. and; a purse containing several
foreign- coins. \u25a0
-The;p'olice learned that Mrs. Martien
and Lawson were the only, persons who
knew- anything about the jewelry and
furs. -Mrs.; Martien and Lawson were
arrested' and when questioned they
made so many contradictory state
ments as to lead to suspicion.
Both Mrs. Martien and Lawson de
nied, knowing anything of the burg
lary.- They said they had been dealing
in lodging-houses for over a. year and
after. selling out to. Mrs. Hess had lived
with her; till they could get other quar
ters. .. • '\u25a0 ,-. . .-.•;\u25a0.• - ..-\u25a0;-• y.. ;.-\u25a0\u25a0:>:,.•\u25a0; -
CHINESE: PUBLIC 'SCHOOL''
. . ; RECEIVES : STAND; OF COLORS
Christina* - Gift .Comes jFrom Pupils
and .'Teachers , of t New . York City
;'• ';-'\u25a0> Z'i- Institution. •\u25a0--;•\u2666"- v
The Chinese public school 'of this city
is the possessor, ofja^ stand-. of United
States colors, the gift of Public School
Number 8 of Bronx Borough; New York
City. The stand was ' presented to the
school in connection . with l its', Chris
tmas ' festival held •.recently- by. Uhe Dis
trict Attorney-elect ; W.' .-•:; H. / Langdon,
who Is at present. Superintendent of
Schools. .\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0>'
The . flag is : a beautiful silk embroi
dered one with , gold 'fringe ; and has a
heavy. blue and white silk- cord.. On the
staff is an engraved .' silver-plate'. bear
ing this inscription:* "From ithe: Moth
ers' Circle, Pupils and Teachers -of Pub
lic School No. 8, -Bronx, New iYork City,
to the- Chinese v Publics-School? of San
Francisco."
John W.'t Davis,-, princlp'ai: of - Public
School "No. 8. -New York City,- visited
the 'Chinese; Public School August last
and ;Was so| well pleased 'with it and
certain courtesies^ shown him' by the
.school, that . r as ?a- result his school
planned- and • arranged ..this, splendid
Christmas.; gift to the - Chinese Public
School. - f
Headaches : and \u25a0; Neuralgia - from Colds
Laxative Bromo Quinine, 'world*. wide Cold and
Grip : remedy.l removes ! cause.' Gall ! for full name
and look for signature of E. ;.W. Grove. 25c. •
Hold Annual Meeting.
\u25a0. The . Eureka^ Benevolent "Association
held .its. annual -meeting' last night in
its offices at -3 436: O'Farrell street.* 5 The
following.* officers -,were t elected: s Presi
dent, Henry Sinsheimer; vice-president,
S.VWY Heller;^treasurer,-- Albert^Meyer;
secretary,- Meyer H. Levy. . The trustees
elected are SAW.; Heller, Herman Levy,
Albert t Meyer, ; Sigmund \u0084 Schwabacher,
Isaac .Strassburger, "Leopold;: Mlchels,
; (unexpirediterm.) \u25a0 The secretary's re
port showed that 'during, the rpast year
522,025: 40 \u25a0hadlbeen:disburscd by their
association in charities.
. -Di \u0084;Nola's , "Asthma" ..Remedy .:', cures
asthma, leaves . no bad after effect. Sold
by druggists.' Main office, 1605 Market.*
MILITARY
PRISONER
IS KILLED
Andrew Harris, . a Deserter
From the Army, Is Shot by
His Guard When He Fails
to Obey Command to Halt
BOAKD OF OFFICEES
INVESTIGATES CASE
Authorities Decide Private
Lawrence Pollack Did His
Duty and Commend Him for
His Bravery and Coolness
Andrew Harris, a negro prisoner
awaiting trial by general court-martial
at the Presidio, was shot twice in the
left arm by his, prison guard in an at
tempt to escape Saturday evening. He
was taken to the general hospital,
where he died about noon on Monday.
'Harris and another prisoner were
working In . the neighborhood of the
general hospital under the guard of
Private Lawrence Pollack of the Six
tieth ' Company 'of Coast Artillery,
when Harris suddenly made a dash
for his liberty. Pollack threw up his
gun and commanded the negro to halt,
but as he continued to run Pollack
fired a multiball cartridge at him, both
balls striking him in the left arm near
the shoulder. Pollack then took both
prisoners to the general hospital, where
he left Harris for medical treatment.
"When asked why he had tried to es
cape Harris said he was sure he would
bo convicted and thought he would
take a chance. He said he did not
think the guard would shoot, and if he
did he did not think he would shoot to
hit. ' W-U&
A board of officers was appointed to
Investigate shooting, and after a
thorough investigation decided that the
private was acting .under orders and
commended him for his coolness and
bravery "in preventing the prisoner
from escaping.
Harris was a, private in Troop A of
the Ninth Cavalry and deserted from
the Presidio of Monterey on September
21, 1903. He was apprehended by R.
G., Skein of the San Francisco police
and turned over to the authorities at
the Presidio November 27 last, where
he was charged with desertion. If
convicted Harris would probably have
been sentenced to several years at Al
catraz, and to escape such sentence
he made the dash for liberty which
cost him his life. He will be buried
lii the post cemetery t to-day without
military honors.
TRAMPLED TO DEATH
BY' VICIOUS HORSE
Aged John Pierce Fatally
Crushed by Hoofs of i
Savage Animal.
Penned in a stall by; a vicious horse,
aged John Pierce was trampled to death
last . night. The savage animal literally
trampled the life out of him in the ram
shackle stable in* the rear of his home, 750
Fourteenth street.
Pierce, who was 75 years old*, had been
warned not to have anything to do with
the brute, which had the I reputation of
being a "man eater." But Pierce had been
handling horses for years, and it was his
boast that he could break and ride any
thing with hoofs.
The ; old man went Into the stall alone
to feed the vicious animal. The horse
reared up and struck at him, felling him.
He tried 'to struggle' to one side, but the
brute brought his forefeet down upon the
writhing body with the unerring aim. of
a confimed' "striker," the terror of horse
breakers.
In vain the old man tried to writhe and
squirm out of the narrow space. The
brute brought fore and rear j hoofs down
upon the writhing body. The' old man's
struggles grew more feeble and his cries
for help grew weaker and weaker. When
help arrived he was all but dead. Several
ribs were' crushed, his skull was frac
tured and he was bruised from ; head to
foot. ' V^*S . -
The animal, a big bay, fiercely fought
off the attempt to rescue, rearing on his
hind feet and .attempting to strike at the
rescuers, but Pierce was finally snatched
from beneath his hoofs. The old man
died an hour later, however. He had been
in the employ of Daniel O'Da>vthe street
contractor. •
ACCUSES BROTHER-IN-LAW
OF > WRECKING HIS HOME
J. C. Robinson Obtains a . Warrant for
Arrest of W. T. DavU on Charge
of' Battery.
J. C. ' Robinson, an electrician, living
at 361 Suttert street, obtained a. war;
rant from Police Judge Mogan yesterday
for, the arrest of his brother-in-law, "W.
T. Davis, on a charge of battery. Rob
inson made a statement to the Judge
that he had been married about
eighteen months and during that time
his wife, who is only 17 years of age,
had left him four times and returned to
him again.
He said they" were .married in _ St.
Louis and she left him to come, to "her
brother here.- He followed her and
got employment ; with the telephone
company. She had left him three
times since arriving here and went to
live in a house at, 4o Sutter street.
v Her brother," said ' Robinson, "has
beein. doing every thing; in 'bis power to
get my wife to leave jme. Last night I
remonstrated with my' brother-in-law,
and he struck me in the face several
times, knocking out four of my teeth
and blackening one of my eyes.
Body Is Identified.
The body of the , man who was . found
at the Third and Townsend street depot
last week and who died in the City and
County Hospital on' 4 Chrlstmas day was
identified yesterday as: that of . T. D.
McGarvey. * He left < this city on De
cember * f° r Monterey to look . for
work. • ; He^ was! in ;| poor health at; the
time. ; After spending ,a' , week in
Monterey he ' started back > and arrived
here in a;dying,condition. At the City
arid County Hospital he was registered
as,T. E.: Harding, but he, was identified
at the! Morgue as; McGarvey by. Detec
tive Matheson. ; \u25a0
; ifOUND DEAD . ON 4 THE STPEET.— An un
known man ". was found dead * early l yesterday
morning; on -the 'sidewalk, in "front of 818 Mis
\u25a0lon Htreet : by Policeman Cullnan. The body
was taken to the Morgue. Detective T. B." Glb
non Was detailed on the cas« and reported ' that
the man had died from natural causes, as far
as he could learn.'- ; . v f ". i . \u25a0 :.'.>, • -
: • • The Purity, of Burnett's .Vanilla, waa
»»v«r ftuestlootd by any pur* food comzniuion.*
,' J^ ' ' 11, M
The Knabe-Angelus
C The KnabC-AngCIUS bears the dis-
tinction of being the only Piano-Player-
Piano wherein the playing mechanism
is installed in a piano of absolutely
tfje first class.
<L The Knabe Piano recognizes no
rival. No piano justifies the enthusi-
astic endorsement of the music loving
public as does the Knabe. No piano
possesses the characteristics for which
the Knabe is famous and which are the
result of three-quarters of a century of
intelligent research and industry.
C The Knabe-Angelus is the combi-
nation of the Peerless Knabe Piano and
the Favorite Angelus Piano-Player.
C The result— An instrument which
any one may play by means of a per-
forated music roll with such faultless
technique, such perfection of phrasing
and expression that nothing more could
be desired.
<L The Knabe-Angelus as a piano for
hand playing is perfect. As a Piano-
Player-Piano, the Peer of all instru-
ments of this type.
CL Easy payments may be had.
931-933 Market* Street*, San Francisco
Branches— Oakland. Sacramento, San Jose, Santa Rosa.
Fresno, Reno, Nev.; Phoer.ix. Ariz.
RAILROAD GETS
CITY PROPERTY
Southern Pacific Company's
Bid for Market Place Lots
Accepted by Supervisors
. The Board of Supervisors yesterday ac
cepted the bid of the Southern Pacific
Company for a lease of the properties
owned by 'the city and known as the
"Produce Exchange" and "Market Place.'
on South Beach blocks Nos. 381 and 53
and 54. The lease is. to run for twenty
years, the rental to be $600 per month for
the first five years and thereafter an
amount equal to 3 per cent on the value
of the properties, to be fixed by arbitra
tion in case of a disagreement. The
rental after the first five years shall not
be less than $750 per. month.
The company deposited a certified check
for $7200, the rental for the first year.
The lease is in accordance with the fran
chise recently granted to the Southern
Pacific Company for its bay shore cut
off line, the blocks leased being intended
for track terminals. /
Tbe Mayor's vetoes of the ordinances
providing for the selection of the Bell es
tate lot. on Octavla street, between Bush
and Sutter, as a site for the new Lowell
High School, and of a block of land for
the North Beach children's playground,
were ordered printed and referred to the
Public Utilities Committee for a report.
Minor business was transacted as fol
lows:
The roadways of Mariposa str»*t, from Ken
tucky to Tennessee; Clay street, between
Cherry and First avenue; H street, between
Seventh and Eleventh avenues; Mariposa street.
between Kentucky and Indiana; Twenty
second street, between Minnesota and Indiana,
and Filbert street, between Buchanan and
Webster, were fully accepted.
The bill imposing a license of $200 per an
num on persons conducting: outdoor parks was
referred to the License Committee on motion
of Supervisor Hochs, who said it would be an
Injustice to place so high a tax on parks
which can only -do business a few Sundays la
- th ThVsum of $760 was allowed the Health
Board to maintain th« Twenty-sixth Street
Hospital durlnsr.the next month.
The board referred to th« City Engineer the
petition of residents in the vicinity of, Fulton
and Shrader streets that the Bprini Valley
Water Company b*» requested to furnish water
o£ a purer quality 'than is now being received
by w»ier consumers in that section of the city
and also to furnish an increased supply of
water for adequate fire protection. The City
Engineer la requested to Investigate the matter
and renort his findings to the board.
The following bills were finally passed: Es
tablishing grades at points on Twenty-second.
Twenty-third. Twenty-fourth. Twenty-fifth.
Twenty-sixth. Twenty-seventh. Twenty-eighth.
Twenty-ninth. Thirtieth. Thirty-first and Thlrty
necond avenues South and H. I and- J streets
South- expunging Hammond place and Olney
street from the official map; ordering the con
struction of a wwer in Cole street, from Oak
to Fell; declaring Dore street, from Howard to
Foleom. W be an open public street; Imposing
a license -on iublic passenger vehicle* and re
quiring tbe drivers or motormen to procure
a mitil badge from th« Tax Collector: author
iilnr the wyment of $4250 to O. 11. Thompson
for I lot fw the preservation of Telegraph Hill,
and of $1(5)0 to F. A. Miller for a lot forming,
part ofth« new public library site.
Trouble* of the Married.
Delia E. Brown has sued Alfred C.
Brown for divorce. She asserts that he
has-been "guilty 'of cruelty. Suits for
divorce were also filed by Alvildn
against M. Kuren : - for cruelty.- Daniel
E. against Ida Alvardo for desertion,
and .Theresa against Richard M. Moran
for desertion.
Edmond Thorns] was granted • ' a - di
vorce from Louisa Thorns by Judge
Graham yesterday. . Thorns testified
that he married Mrs. Thorns in Buffalo
and that .ten minutes after the' wed
ding he was compelled to leave • .her
and come "West on .". business. iThen
when; he asked : her to Join him she
refused.. The decree was' lssued on the
ground of desertion. .
City Cannot Care for Oiled Streets.
A committee from the West of Castro
Club waited yesterday on Commissioner
of "Works Algeltinger relative to the
drafting of an ordinance providing that
the city bear the expense of keeping
in repair the roadways of streets in
the outlying districts that have been
treated with oil. Algeltinger. to whom
the matter was referred by the Super
visors' Street Committee, held that the
ordinance could not be legally passed
because It would necessltat© the ac
ceptance of streets covered with a
pavement not specifically designated
in an existing ordinance.
SCHMITT IS ROBBED. — Conrad Schrnitt.
baker, 625 Clay street, reported to the pollc*
yesterday that a man stopped htm oa Mont
gomery street, near Green, on Monday night
and ordered him to throw up hts hands. A»
Schmitt complied the robb«r» struck him oa
the face, knocking him down and taking his
silver watch out of tots Test pocket. ;_
Capital, Surphn and Profits
. $3,000,000.00
Banking Made
Plain
With its corps of capable of- ;
fleers and trained employes,
this company Is in a position to
make the details of a bank ac-
count clear to those who are not
familiar with business or flnan-
' clal transactions. ;
California Safe
Deposit and
Trust Co.
California and Montgomery Sts.
San Francisco, CaL
ASSETS *
Over Ten Million Dollars
With the Crowd
Get In the COMBINATION* by getting
a BCRTELI.VG COMBIXATIO.V EYE-
GLASS — prevents the red mark on your
nose and does not hurt. With first
quality lenses. 95.00.
seTf Address
<jy 214 Grant AvenW
PUBLIC NOTICE.
To "Whom it May Concern: Please tak» no-
tice that J. M. Kurtz Is not in our employ ia
. any way, nor Is he In any way connected with
j our hous«. and we will not be responsible for .
I any acts of his.. and will not r*celv» or b» re-
sponsible for any .orders of whlsUy that he
might make.
KENTUCKY SOUR MASH AND RYE OI3T. CO.
';,/,' '•„'•\u25a0 T. F. CROXIX. Preaident.
l-30th 4
• Lra B *^ Bromo Quinine
E. W.UKOYE S Signature on box. 23©