The Call Printfiy^^
! THE WEATHER.
San Fra.nc;sco and vicinity — Fair Frl
day; light north wind*, chanjinr to
westerly. A. G/ McADIE. -
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 149.
FOUR FIREMEN BURIED UNDER SMOKING RUINS OF NORTH BEACH FACTORIES
A number of firemen were* crushed under the falling walls of tHe^Galifornia Ganning Company's building at|NortH|P6iht and- Bay streets, which was destroyed, together with the California Ore
Reduction Works, at 4 o'clock this morning. The firemen taken from the ruins at 4:30 were Cassassa and WilsoriVof Truck 2. Both are seriously injured.'
Lieutenant Harrison and Hoseman Arrata were still under the- smoldering timbers at 4.30 arid strenuous efforts were being made to extricate their bodies. It is believed both are dead. Other bodies
may be in the ruins. The financial loss will amount to several hundred thousand dollars. • . V; / v *'\u25a0• \
CZAR NICHOLAS, IN WILD ALARM, AGREES TO GIVE HIS SUBJECTS A CONSTITUTION
General Trepoff Issues Warning
That Troops Will Fire
Upon All Disturbers.
FRIGHTENED CZAR TURNS
TO DE WITTE FOR RESCUE
Cossacks Succeed in Maintain
ing Semblance of Order
in the Capital City
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 26.— St. Petersburg was in a panic to-day, but to a
large extent apparently without reaso/i. The most alarming rumors were in cir
culation and the shopkeepers on all except a few of the principal streets closed
their stores and boarded up the doors and windows, while peaceful-minded in
habitants kept within doors. Anxiety was evidenced In the whole atmosphere af
the city, but so far nothing has occurred to Justify these fears. There were no
disorders.
General Trepoff. who has been placed in command of the St. Petersburg
garrison and given an additional division of reinforcements, declares that he is
amply able to maintain order, and the* police are allowing the strikers to vent
their enthusiasm, so as to avoid a demonstration. General Trepoff instructed the
police not to interfere with the parades so long as they were orderly, but he gave
notice to-night that he was prepared to cope firmly with any disorder. He had
printed :n all the evening papers a notification thai the troops would to-mor
rov. he ordered to use cartridges In case there should be any outbreak.
By the jjieatest exertions the Government to-day succeeded In moving trains
xnanneJ by military operatives en a few railroads. Traffic Wai resumed irregu
larly o:i the Moscow and St. Petersburg Railroad and on lines from '. Moscow to •
H'Cist anu Kazan. The first- efforts were directed to the moving of cattle trains^
so us to meet the pinch of approaching famine in the two' capitals, andVbne
traiji \CiiQ cf cattle arrfved^at St". Petersburg and another at Moscow. A scant
eurply of milk, butter and eggs is arriving in St. Petersburg over the Finland
Hailroad, the employes of which refuse to strike.
The situation, however, cannot be regarded as much improved. The strikers
at their meetings to-day were as determined as ever to continue the strike, and
the full force cf the Government railroad battalions is almost helpless in the
face uf the general strike on the railroads. -The most encouraging feature of
the situation is the absence of any widespread disorder.
Students and Strikers Throw Up Barricades.
Picturesque details have been received of the rising at Kharkoff, where
students and strikers took possession cf the locality in the center of the city
containing the university, the cathedral and other buildings, threw up barri
cades, constructed a regular fortress and elected a provisional government, but
cool beads effected a rearrangement of matters.
The strike contagion is spreading. All classes of workmen are organizing
sympathetic strikes and industrial life in the country is coming to a standstill.
The situation cannot long continue. Either the workmen will' soon -be starved
into submission, or pillage, with military interference and bloodshed on a large
scale, is bound to follow.
At Moscow tiOO cabmen have already fought the strikers, whom they charge
•with taking bread out of their mouths. In many cities, especially lloscow, the
Question of food is becoming extremely serious. \u25a0
Collisions between troops and strikers have occurred at several places. At
Ekaterinoslav a pitched battle between soldiers and strikers was fought and the
city was left in darkness.
The ranks of the 40,000 workmen from the mills and factories who joined the
strikers yesterday were increased by 30,000 more this morning. All the employes
of the port, 4000 in number, walked out, and 12,000 other men fro: i the steel works
left, work in a body. The inhabitants of St. Petersburg awoke to find the capital
resembling a beleaguered city. The shops in the Vasiliostrov district and in all
the suburbs are closed, windows were boarded and barred, and mounted patrols
tv tx*© lo Dc te en c\ cry wflfeir© in tnc strccls.
Supply of Bee/ Sufficient Jor Only Three Days.
The prices of food have gone up and the supply of beef is only sufficient for
three days, but there are ample supplies of wheat and rye for two months.
The Emperor and the Court at Peterhof are supplied by a warship - from St.
Petersburg. All the families who can afford it have hastened to lay In sup
plies to withstand a eiege. The suffering falls the heaviest on the poor, who
live from hand to mouth. All the bakers sold out their bread before noon.
The meat dealers have been ordered by the revolutionists not to deliver meat
to the troops, under pain of death, and consequently the eoldiem are living on
canned food. The butchers have notified their patrons that the meat "market
probably will be closed to-morrow, because of lack of meat. All the St. Pet
ersburg schools were closed to-day and the children were sent home with in
structions not to return until their parents think it safe to do so. . \
During the afternoon striking workmen began marching into the outlying
districts and inviting their comrades to join them. The police and troops did
not. interfere, but by General Trepoff's orders the spirit shops were closed.
Puring the day the pharmacists formally struck.
The police are becoming frightened, many of them offering' their resignations.
As a result of a series of special ministerial councils under the presidency of
Count de Witte, held to adopt measures to deal with the internai situation,
the new national assembly law and laws granting practical freedom of the
press and of speech were adopted and will be promulgated forthwith.
Upon the peremptory demand of Prince Khilkoff, the Minister of Railroads,
the budget covering the remuneration of railroad employes will be revised to
meet the promises made last spring. Unless this were done, the Prince an
nounced, Jat would resign.
De Witte Now Practically Dictator in Russia.
Count de Witte, even in advance of the promulgation of his formal appoint
ment <>$ Premier, completely dominates the situation.
Interesting details have been learned regarding Count de Witte's interview with
Emperor Nicholas last week, at which it was agreed that the time had come
to limit the autocratic power and give the people a real share in the govern
ment of the empire.
The Emperor asked Count de Witte to speak frankly and after listening ,to
the statesman's exposition of the situation he appeared to be utterly unnerved
by the deplorable state of affairs and cried out that he was weary of the strug
gle and felt like leaving all and fleeing to Darmstadt; hence, probably, the or
igin of the report tftat the Emperor was going abroad.
Count de Witte, however, told the Emperor that, in his opinion, not even a
republic could now save Russia from anarchy. It was the Emperor's duty to the
people and "the country to face the situation by meeting the crisis, namely, to
abrogate the autocratic power ajrfl grant a constitution by creating a .'ministry
responsible alike to the crown and the representatives of the nation. The Em
peror finally accepted, requesting Count de Witte to draft a project, which in
ckeleton form he approved last Sunday when the Count agreed to accept 'the
premiership on condition that he could name the ministers, -and that they
should report to bis Majesty only through himself as head of the Cabinet.
The San Francisco Call.
GERMAN KAISER MAY
AID. HARRIED RELATIVE
Wilhelm Deeply Affected by the Perilous Plight
of the 'Autocrat of the Russias.
Would Not Hesitate to Go to the Assistance
o^Nicholas if His Help Be Needed, i
Special Cable to The Call and XeW i York -Herald. Copyright, 1905, by the
-.evr York Herald' Publishing Company. \u25a0 :
BERLIN, Oct. 26.— There was a rush 1
for the_midday papers, t to-day owing
to the intense anxiety aroused by the
situation, in Russia. Since the stirring
times of the' recent war there has not
been such a 'large sale of newspapers. -
These, living up to the desire -of the
public for sensations, are published!
with startling headlines, one of- which
indicates that the Czar is preparing for
"immediate llight." Another says Rus
sia is in "full, revolution."- A third
proffers "bloodshed and barricades /in
St. Petersburg." One truth Is evident,
namely — that Moscow Is completely cut
off from the -outer world. . ' .
According'; to semi-private communi
cations, a grand duel is taking place
at Peterhof-- between the court and'
the reactionary party. One side 1-is
headed. by ; General Trepoff' and M.
Pobiedonostzeff, who are violently op
posing. Count de Witte, champion of
liberty, a constitution and freedom -of
'RUSSIA'S FOREMOST STATESMAN^ INTO WHOSE HANDS^ THE" CZAR> HAS ' INTRUSTED ' THE, REINS '> OF GOVERNMENT'
t THE : TASK
the press and of public meetings.
Prince Frederick Leopold of Prussia,
who has been representing Emperor
William with the Russian army in Man
churia, arrived here shortly before
noon <\u25a0 to-day.- and hurried 'to meet the
Emperor. .. The Prince arrived at.War
saw from Bials . yesterday by train, his
private car, it appears, having been at
tached to - a regular train, and he con
tinued his 1 journey .to . Berlin -on' a spe
cial train. manned by soldiers.,
Kmperor "William, a* he ~ drove down
Unter «ler Linden to the \u25a0 General yon
Moltke monument, looked . ashen ( gray,
as Is his wont .when troubled.-;'- His fea
tures rvere set frith ! grlm' seriousness.
It iran told that he Was. deeply affected
by the troubles'. of Emperor .Nicholas,
for whom \u25a0 he feels . sincere , sympathy
and affection.* . It .; ls 'whispered that
should ' matters become ;- desperate 3 the
German Emperor would not: hesitate 'to
ko to the aid of his brother Emperor.; ;
People here desirous .-* of
Warsa^w, ; Moscow r and St. Petersburg
are .besieging, ihe. rail way* tickefoffices
fruitlessly, • for. .there are no 1 trains."
The only route now possible is by* ship
from Stettin, a slxty-fice hours'. voyage,
with' no .steamship' starting' -till ./Sun
day. Even, then -nights will prevent the
steamer reaching; St. /Petersburg. , :^
Berlin's ; Stock .' Exchange- \){ took -\ a
pessimistic view, of' the situation. ' Rus
sian consols. fellrl^fc -points.*
Inquiries^; made'rlate ;this , evening".at
the ticket . offices iby.p.wpuld-be -travel
ers - met with the- uncompromising ' re
ply:- \u25a0 -; /:,' . ','\u25a0:':\u25a0 \u25a0\ ; . C-\:
"There .is no communication'; with
Russia., and the v railroad --authorities
cannot cay. when -there \u0084wlll; be." : .VJf'.';S
. The 'management* of , the . Warsaw-
SAN FRANCISCO, if RID AY, : OCTOBER 1 27;, ; 1905.
'Vienna Railway refused to take any re
sponsibility for., the safety \u25a0: of Prince
Frederick Leopold. *;C
The'-Lokal Anzeiger says , a : court
train: was sent;- from Berlin to meet
the -Prince, who was escorted to -the
| frontier by fifty soldiers. , \u25a0 '
! UNIVERSITY- TI'RXED INTO FORT.
Ten" Peraops Killed' at' Kfaarkoff by a
-•\u25a0.'.. Volley'- From-' Dm-toous.':V?:
| KHARKOFF, Russia. Oct. 26.'—Restora
tion of . the telegraph system, enables the
sending of a description of the drama
which has been unrolled here since Oc-
tober 24, . when' the news^or.the death of a
student . named Constandlnl ; as the • result
of | wounds | in flic ted , by. a * patrol | and | of
other acts /of .violence :on 1 the -students
led to exciting meetings 'at :thV university,
at which,* in anticipation 'of the arrival" of
troops, vit .was 'decided" to barricade' the
university ; and f to 'defend 'It by . force.'
Barricades^ formed "\ of .telegraph, poles,
paving atones,. etc./. were built around the
center -' of "the • city,' and; the .university
,was* converted^. into, 1 a' fortress." , The^win-^
dows and doors were blocked with masses
of ;? stones 'and v coal, I. and Jred ; flags "» with
revolutionary, inscription's were hoisted.' on
the roofs. This university: garrison,, which
numbered ? 3000, "was !\W.ell \u25a0 supplied 'with
arms. V;, P./.. . .... ;\u25a0 . ,'j'v" ..-'\u25a0 '- >' '.)
i;: Simultaneously in -the^town; the* mobs
pillaged"; the shops ; of .^the^ armorers.:' and
one ; shop ; r was '^ completely^ sacked; v--/
- Dragoons Vappeared ion f scene j and
fired * fusillades into the crowds, killing ten
persons and .wounding many^ others, f-Fur
ther; conflicts j took"? place 'between ; a 'pa
triotic demonstration of 300 perspns.t bear
inssii portrait of nhe ; Emp«ror and bodies
of [ students"; and : workmen Iwho J.were pro
ceeding !: tb^jthe: university \u25a0.% Roughs prof-^
ited by/ the" confusion =to attack the shops
and 1 peaceable ' citizens \u25a0 in s the outside por-'
tlons^ of * the:- town /which > had been ;de
nuded lof; policed \u25a0" "j;^-':^/; > V :\u25a0\u25a0
\u25a0Matters 'reached suetr r a stage HthatT a
state" of ; . islegc was ; declared v in -j the '-, unir
vcrsityfdistrlct.: Lieutenant ' General 4Mau
was placed t in • command • and a lcommlt'tee.
of voi^bllc'- safety;, was; formed'; by | leading'
citizens'. This y t committee J entered i;^ into
negotiations » with , the . Governor. 1- : ; Mean
time jthe troops? arrlv'ed, V and'thejeomr
mittee, ,iwith s . the ':; consent ' of • the \u25a0; Gover
nor,"; entrusted \u25a0 the ( guarding of ; the * town
Continued 'on Pace - 3, ' Column 1.
SPIRITUALISTS
HOLD SESSION
WITH GHOSTS
, /KANSAS 26.— A: band"- of
; belleyers' ffom'ftho : First 7.' Spiritualist
Church j visited the* Vhaunted"; house at
the r northeast VcornerTof • Roberts : street
ahd^ lndiana' avenue^ to-night; got .into
communication^ with, V and," in'the^end,'
exorcised the spirits Of a murdered girl
an d " her f lover,*; who ! tenants ; vow; have
been* holding) high jinks %in r the ; house
?ro_r.?. the'* last* month. Thirty or ;. forty^
residents lof ;^the ': neighborhood ; .were"
present I 'at? the '^seance, which -was con
ducted .;'J. by* Mrs. Edward Connelly.-a
professional imediunxTr " . • ..' *" ".
;',';UhtilsMonday_ the house had>been|oc
cuplediby;* George ;" J.l Martin. ,1 He "and! a
sub-renter,^ E.^L.'; Cramer, vacated i-.the
:bulldlhgj :^.becauseCitoo; many 'weird
friolsest echoed At , in^.the still
/watches 'of- the night. ?
SJ^The 'spiritualists,; twelve. inT all,; stood
about\ in \ a* circle" in \ one ; of; the ground
'floor ?rooms^of: ; the 'abandoned ".,. house
.while "t the i conversed \with % the
;troubledfc souls * tnat » haunt _% the 'c place
and .Xv urged v> them \u25a0 to cease : : their
;troublins r i"vV.:.: v '- "/';...\u25a0:"\u25a0 J;;'.-....-.. '. .s**
GREEKS JAIL
THE DOUBLE
OF ED SMITH
Capitalist , Who Looks
Like^Embezzler
Arrested.
Bp«cUr Dispatch to The Call.
•/\u25a0 SEATTLE, -Oct. 26. — Because." he
swered > the . description " of ," former Tax
Collector ; Smlthl of f San : Francisco.; who
embezzled 9100.000 and .was supposed to
have i gone'* to 7- Europe. V Captain . R. : C.
McCormlck. the well-known' Seattle and
. Los Angeles j capitalist, was . arrested : in
Pirdeiis, j Greece. . '»' He - returned home to
day. '\u25a0\u25a0" The; matter- may be "reported v . to
the ' State Departmen t. .. . :
.At -Athens he; first^ noticed .that \u25a0 he
.was fshadowed. ;He : reported, to Consul
Horton, 'who s promised tor; see ;the po
lice/; but it. ' He . proceeded to
Dresden, where, still. being' followed, he
reported to the - American - , consulate.
,This i -'official suspected his passports
were, forged and _. or«"-?red • McCormick
\u25a0Jbeld.V* After a day he .was released* and
proceedd'-,tol Pirdeus, "• vhere ' he '\u25a0\u25a0 was
again -arrested. ..
•:?He 'demanded to'; be > taken to ; the
American consulate there and managed
to j prove ,who ; he was.' . All : the time ; he
was .experiencing ;-", his trouble . - Smith
was \ under' lock; and J key ' at \u25a0 San Fran
cisco. . . ...-.:•.\u25a0;.. ;.,.:.•,. ."
EXTRA
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
AUTOMOBILING
ONE CAUSE OF
RACE SUICIDE
Fact Gleaned From St.
Louis Mortuary
Records.
SpwUl Di*p*tcii to Th* Cafl. *
,-BT.-'LOUIB, Oct. JB.-A vta&T otibM
record of the Mortuary Clerk's ofica tor
the last -month has convinced Health
Commissioner Bnodgrass tnat the fad tor
automobiling Is one of the most potent
modern causes of race suicide. Of eighty*
four still-born children in one month, th*
Health Commissioner declares, three un
doubtedly were due to mothers indulging
In auto ride*. Others are suspected of
having, been caused the same way. though
the proof Is not positive.
• "The auto •Is a new factor In the race
suicide problem." declared Dr. Snodgrass
to-night. "But the determination of tha
death of a child from an auto ride Is not
a; difficult matter.' When one 'considers
the .'rate -of speed with which some chaf
feurs \u25a0 drive their cars, one can readily
understand that the lorcltfng and jolting
of the 'car would have the same effect on
a mother . that a shock would have."
. Chief i Clerk McCor* of Commissioner
Snodgrass' office- said:
;"The responsibility of automoblllea as
a, partial cause of race suicide will corns
as a surprise to the public. It -Is a "fact,
nevertheless., that the records : of - this of
fice show. that the horseless carriage is
contributing a large share to. the evlL"
GERMAN* BACKERS INVADE
CENTRAL, AMERICAN FIELD
NEWTORK. Oct. -28:— Cable "advices ; to
day - from ; Berlin announce that th* Deutsche
Bank and the Deutsche Uefcmrseelache Bank
of Berlin, Lazard. Speyer-EUissen of Frank
fort-on-the-Maln and the Scbweizerische Cre-i
ttanstalt of Zurich have founded a bank with
a capital of $2,500,000 to be called th« Bank
of Central America, and which wwffl bar* u»
head offlc* In Berlin. .Th» bcslnesa of. tha bank
will be. started in Guatemala, with the latan*
tlon of op»nlns branch offices tn the •urround
\u25a0ta* Central Arcarlcaa colon!**,2
CHEERING THRONGS ESCORT PARTRIDGE THROUGH STREETS
-.:• : \u25a0', »* ; : t .-•\u25a0\u25a0.... \u25a0 v . . V ; - .\u25a0•'\u25a0 •; -\u25a0;. \u25a0 ; .;•\u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0y.^y-V \u25a0» \u25a0 ,-\u25a0• #.-\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 , ... :-x-/-: Ji l _
Another convincing illustration of John S: Partridges popularity as leader in the cause of common honesty in municipal affairs was given.last night, when a vast throng of citizens cheered him at even- step from Garibaldi Hall,
on Broadway, near Kearny street, to the Claus Spreckels building, corner of Third and Market streets. The. mass-meeting of citizens of the Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Assembly districts was a mighty demonstration in the
cause of clean local government. The fearless leader of the forces of good citizenship made good his promise to deliver 'his message to" the voters of the city. • ; *'*\u25a0 v-/"'
Spontaneous Ovation in the Forty-Fourth District Begins at^Broadway ' and Ends at Market Street
POLITICIANS BEFORE
SUPREME COURT.
Question of Ballot Forms Is Argued"
in Highest Legal Tribunal. j
RuePs "Independent" Side Shows Will.
Know Their Fate To-Day.
For two hours yesterday morning the
attorneys tor tlie Ruef faction and for
the fuFionists argued the question
whether the headings "Independent
Republican" and •"Independent Demo
crat :o" should be placed on the ballot
"to be used in the coming municipal
\u25a0 election. The case was before the Su
•pr«-me O^urt sitting in bank. At the
end of the discussion the highest ju
dicial body of the State took the mat
ter undor advisement, with the promise
to give a df-cision to-day. A quick de
cision is necessary because of the pro
vision in th«> law which requires the
distribution of sample ballots at least
ten days before the date of election,
«nd those sample ballots must be out
on Saturday to meet the requirements
of the law. Kvery member of the
court was present except Justice Hen
eha-.v, and each listened to the argu
ments of counsel with greatest atten
tion.
The form of the question as to the
raising of the license on saloons of San
Francisco County was settled without
requiring a decision from the Supreme
Court. The question at issu« was
whether "yes or no" was to appear on
tlie ballot or "for or against." J. E.
Wiilte. attorney for the petitioners,
\u25a0who claimed that the law required the
latter signification, was told by James
A. Devoid, member of the Board of
Election Commissioners, that the words
\u25a0for or against" had already been or
dered placed upcrti the ballots- Attorney
White accepted the change. This was a
victory for the advocates of higher li
cense for saloons.
IXI'BF "THIS MAX BEHIND/
For John 6. Partridge, fusion candi
date for Mayor, who petitioned the Su
preme Court to prohibit the use of tlie
names ""Independent Republican" and
/"Independent Democratic" on the muni
cipal ballot, appeared Attorney E. F.
Treadwell. O:i the opposite side were
Thomas V. Cator, M. J. Stein, A. S.
Xewburgh, who announced that he was
present to represent the Independent
Republicans: J. A. Devoto, Election
Commissioner, and A. W. -Voorsanger,
also a member of the administration
board. Behind this array of talent sat
Abraham Ruef. a silent spectator.
Ituef did not once change expression
daring the long arguments, but he
scanned tlie faces of the six Justices
continually, as if he hoped to see there
some sign of the final decision of the
court. But he apparently missed the
hoped-for signal and departed with
als cohorts, apparently very dubious as
to tlie outcome.
-I.XDEPKXDEXT" A. SUBTERFUGE.
Attorney TreadweJl. declared with
force that the attempt to use the
names. '"Independent Republican" and
"Independent Democratic," was merely
a subterfuge to catch votes for
me Sohmitz element. He said plain
ly that the "'lndependent Re
publican" and "Independent Demo
cratic' tickets represented no real
parties and no real principle, but that
\u25a0 it was merely an attempt by indivi
duals to distort the law arid use it to
deceive the voteK, He argued that such
cognomens would tend to confuse the
vater and might lead him to vote one
ticket when he thought that he was
really voting for other candidates on
the ballot. "What do these so-called
parties mean? What do they denote?
What principle "do'lhey stand for and
what policy will- they follow? If they
are bona flde in their pretenses as reg
ular parties why did they not select
some other name which does not so
closely resemble- those already placed
by law upon the ballot? Is it not rea-
to suppose that those men
who selected the names "Independent
Republican' and "Independent Demo
«ratk' did so with .the deliberate In
tention to catch unwary voter*, and for;
, no other purpose?"'
% x C tusi t> c
55igh*(6raite Ctoiluers
No Branch Stores and No Arents.
YOU TRY OUR CLOTHES
-AND YOU'LL WONDER WHY
YOU NEVER DID SO BEFORE.
THE HIGHEST CLASS FABRICS,
THE VERY BEST TRIMMINGS,
THE FINEST WORKMANSHIP,
"OUT' OF ORDINARY" STYLES
ARE EMBODIED IN THEM
AT LEGITIMATE PRICES.
Philanthropic ctatements
from the Clothing TiaJe
must be taken-
with a grain of call. *
, »• there are no
Carn*r 1 c g or
Rockefellers Is the
Clothing Buslm-ss.
120-^152
Jie'artttj Street
SThurloMi JJtocki
These were the questions which At
torney Treadwell asked the court and
the opposition and they seemed deeply
relevant to the case at hand.
COXFUSIKG TO VOTER.
His argument in short was that an
effort was being: made to place a ticket
upon the ballot which would confuse
the voter and that there were no such
parties legally as the "Independent Re
publican" and the "Independent Demo
cratic." because they had nev^r ap
peared before the people at an elec
tion and received the necessary 3 per
cent of the votes cast. Unless they
were regular parties t they had no right
to place upon the ballot the names of
candidates who were already upon reg
ularly formed tickets
On the other side Attorney Cator de
clared that the headings which John
S. Partridge was trying to keep off tho
ballot were adopted by regular parties
and that they should be legally allowed
a place upon the ballots. He claimed
that the word ••independent" wag not
at all misleading or confusing and
that it should be given a place upon
the ballot. He claimed that there was
a non-joiner of parties plaintiff in the
petition, inasmuch as Partridge should
have been Joined by the chairman of
the Democratic and Republican county
committees. He urged that the cases
which Attorney Treadwell introduced
as conclusive evidence on his side ap
plied to different circumstances, and
that according to law the names "In
dependent Republican" and "Independ
ent Democratic" should have a place
upon the ticket. Both attorneys agreed
as to the facts of the case.
The Kuef lawyers also stated that the
Election Commissioners were the last
resort in this case; that their action
was final, because at the time of the
filing of the petition to place these
headings upon the ballot no objection
was made. :
POIXTS MADE BY TREADWELL.
In part, Mr. Treadwell argued as
follows:
A point that I with to call attention to that
counsel has argued is that these petitioners do
form a ixirty; that the intre filing of a petition
signed by a certain number of people consti
tutes a political party, ,'lf a mushroom organi
zation like \u2666hat is a political party it certainly
i» a new proposition to me. I cay that on the
contrary there Is nothing In the law that per
mits a party to be recognized as a political
party until it has stood the test of the votens
and polled a requisite three per cent of the
votes for their party, and is entitled to .a place
on the next ballot, and until it does that it is
an independent nomination in the exact words
which counsel himself read.
' The court will see that in every one of these
cares the names that have been selected are
names that have more force *nd more dlstlnct
ivenesr than the name Independent Republican
Party or Independent Democratic Party that
had been chosen by these petitioners. Could any
name be selected that would mean lees than
the word Independent Republican Party? What
did it mean? What principles does it show
that they htand for? Does it mean that th«
men who signed that petition are Independent
in the £?ns*? that every man that is in the
regular ' Republican party la dependent? It
certainly does not mean that. Does It mean
that the party Is a party that is in favor of in
dependence '! Is there any party that is in
favor of Independence? Now what doe.s it
mean? I will tell your Honors what it meant.
The Uw had aJready given a definite meaning
to the word "independent." The law. In re
ferring to section 118S, Political Code, has al
rt-ady characterized persons nominated under
that section as Independent nominees. The
law that Axes the form of the ballot had pro
vided that they thould be called Independent
nominations, and that at the head of he col
umn, where those persons should appear in
the ballot It should be beaded "Independent
nominations." Now let us see what that
brings us to. Thty not only appropriated the
names of jwo political parties, but they also
appropriated and attached to themselves a
T^ord which is already on the ballot, and which
is v word which the law has given a dellnlte
mf-aning to. Now what is that meaning?
What do we understand by an independent
nomination? We do not mean by that that
he is a man that is any lean a slave than any
other man. but we mean that he is a man
not nominated by a regularly constituted politi
cal party, but that he is a man that goes tin
Jjy original petition.
READY TO QUIT
OFFICE HOLDING
Frank Jordan Announces His
Determination to Engage
in Business Enterprises
It Is settled that Frank C. Jordan,
Clerk of the Supreme Court, will not be
a candidate for re-election. There will be
no lack of aspirants for the Republican
nomination, as the field will be wide open
to all comers.
Mr. Jordan was asked yesterday if the
rumors regarding his retirement from
politics were correct and he replied:
Yes. it 1b true that I will not be a can
didate for re-eltctlpn to the office of the.
clerk of the Svpieme Court and when my tsrm
of office explies. January 1. I'JOT I will be
through with political offleeho d ne.
Mos-t satisfactoiy offers have o^cii mads to
me and afttr that date 1 will be actively en
gaged in private- business. Again, tuo, tn»
voting machine business will occupy a great
deal of my time, a* 1 have not only Cali
fornia but Oregon and Washington.
I have now held otßce for nearly twetv*
years and in going out I have only the best
of feeling for thouj under me and I shall do
all 1 can to assist In the selection of romt
on« In my ofllee to succeed me. The bo> »
have certainly done their best to ' keep th»
offlce in go3<3 shape and I have their interest*
at heart. WhiU 1 will *c actively engaged In
l.rlvate business, yet at the same, time rr>>
friends throughout the State may depend upon
it that I will try and contribute my share
toward -making the next campaign an Interest
ing on*. I like the game. I have played It
ior a number of years. It Is not a money
tnaklng game and a man who has any "cet
up and get" about him will do well to avoid
iv I think I liave contributed somewhat to
the "gayety of nations" in political contests in
the past and I certainly have reason to b»
\ery grateful to those who have supported dii
co well tn my political efforts.
Mr. Jordan's determination to give up
office holding will eliminate some of the
political complications in Alameda Coun
ty. The county, however,' will present Its
full quota of candidates ror the favor of
tb« next Republican v State convention.
The interest taken In the gubernatorial
THEfSAN/ FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, -OCTOBER .27, j 1905.
UPRISING OF THE DECENT PEOPLE
FORESHADOWED BY FUSION LEADER
Significant Meetings Point to the Gang's Defeat
Crowds in Two Sections of City Hear Candidates Speak
The Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth dis
tricts redeemed their reputation last
night from the foul blot that has rested
upon' them since the'Ruef hoodlums and
thieves flung in the face of their resi
dents and the citizens of the entire city,
an insult that has burned in the hearts
of ' the "districts* vfiters since the " mem
orable, joint meeting of the districts over
a week ago at Garibaldi Hall.
. The. blue, and red buttons mingled in
the crowds that blocked, the entrances to
the crowded hall last night, and the men
wearing both : emblems saw to it that
toughs or thugs would not interfere with
the meeting and cast disgrace upon the
manhood of t the districts.
It needed but the words of Partridge,
strong, forceful, convincing, eloquent, to
draw his hearers to them, to keep them
quiet during .his address and to cheer
him throughout the evening.
Nobly did the residents of the districts
respond to the call of fair play and free
cpecch. What better sign can the decent
men of San Francisco require foreshadow
ing the clean sweeping of the grafters
from power than the magnificent demon
stration that occurred last night at Gari
baldi Hall? Not only the man but the
cause for which he stands evoked the
frenzy that caused the throngs of Its
supporters and admirers to march shoul
der to shoulder through the entire length
of the Forty-fourth District from Broad
way along Kearny to- the Call building
at Market street.
And it all is due to Ruef, In a way.
He had his thugs at th<3 meeting pre
pared to break up the assemblage, but
when they saw they were outnumbered
by the decent element they remained out-
Bide and their cries could be heard with
in the building during the entire evening.
At the conclusion of the meeting the
towdies lined the sidewalk prepared to
insult the Fusion leader. When their ac
tion was seen by the Partridge support
ers they also lined the sidewalk and a
human lane six deep extended from the
hall to Kearny street. When the stand
ard bearer of decency emerged from the
hall he was greeted with the hoots of
the Ruef men and the cheers of his sup
porters.
ROUGHS ARE \OISV.
Not satisfied w?lh this response to their
Intended insult the roughs crowded
around the candidate as he prepared to
board a car for home and prevented his
departure. Seeing this his friends gath
ered about him and the long march along
Kearny street began. .
As the dives and brothels of the Barr
bary Coast and Chinatown were passed
the throngs of Schmltz men far outnum
bered the Partridge adherents, but once
past the Hall of Justice the ranks of the
Fusion leader's force grew rapidly.
Men 'of all classes sprang from the
pavement to the roadway wheTe Part
ridge was being escorted and joined In
the cheering for the leader. Marching
shoulder to shoulder \u25a0 the entire width of.
the street rank after rank was formed.
MAYOR KEPT BUSY
IN HIS CAMPAIGN
Strenuousness of Schmitz Fight Is
Increasing Each Day -
Last night was a busy, one for Mayor
Schmitz and his fellow-candidates on
the Union Labjr party ticket. They
spoke at four large meetings south or
Market streef. and visited as many
more entertainments about town. It
was, not until' -at an early hour this
morning that they were a-blc to hj«
their weary bones to bed\for a-littla
rest before the strenuous : work of to
day. It is true that the ieandldates on
the Union Labor party ticket are mak
ing a. strenuous tisht. It may be the
light *pf despair, although , they main
tain that ihey are working so hard
for the reason that they hope to elect
their ticket straight. Not only do they
speak at nights, but they, spend the en
tire day visiting .various sections of the
city, meeting the voters: of every dis
trict. - Beginning next week . noonday
meetings will be held and the wage
earners coached on. the_sO-calleJ...lssues
of the campaign.
Mayor Schmltz Btanaa'the^traln of
his campaign very well.- He does not
look -ihuch' worn' -even-after'Ws^ardest
evenings and he- speaks with; the ex
haustive vigor which has- icharacterlzsa
him as a campaigrierJ^'Some/of ;the
nomination will be supplemented by Judge
Henry A. Melvin'B desire.- for 'nomination
to the office of Ju6tjce of the Supreme
Court. It is common .gossip, that. Justice
Hcnehaw Is not a candidate for.renomina
tiou. .' '.. .' : "'.'." \u25a0"\u25a0' '-.
McCLEIiI-ATSODD?- SHORTEN.
Three to One the MonV That HI« Parti
tions •Are'Wlinnsf to Offer. v.\
! NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— Changes S In % the mv-
I nlclpal ticket had a. highly Important" effect on
I the "election betting- In Wall"" street",,.' to-day.
', McClellan's odd* dropped from 4 to l;t<*'3 to
I 1, with every indication at the cloee that :h«
odds would shorten : to-morrow. , In t act^Uiera
was a dearth of 'JlcClellan ,monejr)at : , th«
close at the odds'" of 3 tol. * "\u25a0 • . v ?/>.;'•-
Equally Important,* but more drastic., teas
the clianKo In the odds I laid -on 'Jerome. -. Tb»
I resignation of Flammer caused 'a slump in the
oddg offered against ; Jerome. \u25a0 On - Wednesday
Jerome-w as a 2 to 1 shot, with >30, 000 presi
ding' against him at those figures and no takers.
This morning, however, the betting opened; at
10 to 7 against Jerome, closed up . to 10 to 8
and in the afternoon 10 to- 9 was offered. in
small amounte. At the ?close, however, :all
the anti-Jerome . money was absorbed and h«
became an even ehanc£. \u25a0 . -• \u25a0 " : '/'\u25a0\u25a0-. \u25a0
The feature Vbf the , McClellan • bettlrtg was
the absorption, lln apparently unlimited quan
tities, of McClellan money : by .Green. Plckens,
a curb broker of A. A. Bousman ", & Co. : •He
hart $10,000. he said, to lay on the field against
McClellan. 'i¥fM&fl9*<v£3j^g3tS@&p£&c^g£S^s
The biggest bet of the day was . made at 6
o'clock, when Plckens bet $10,000 ; to • $30,000
on ' the -. field against .McClellan with Wolf
Brothers. • :r: r ;.; ". '
- Hearst's chances apparently rested and
Ivins',' a.ccerdlng, ; toc be.ttlng. '.Unproved.- ;,» Even
money was wagered that Hearst would not poll
159.0C0 and evens wer* also laid that \u25a0 Hearst
would poll 125.000. • : " :
WHER PARTRIDGE
WILL SPEAK TO-DAY
Open air— Western Sugar He
ilnrrj-, Kmtnt-ky street, near
Twenty-fifth. yTake Kentnt-Kj
\u25a0treet car.
Thirty-ninth Olstrict— P«rU
View Hall, 1209 -Ninth avenue.
Take CHIT House cars, via H
street.
The Breakers, Carvllle —
Take Cliff House cars, via II
street, to Ocean boulevard. \u0084
Fortieth Dintrict — Two meet
ings i Bear Club Hall, and
district headquarters, Folsom
street, between Fourteenth and
_ Fifteenth. Take Folsom or
FlHmore street enrs.
Along the whole route the hoodlums of
from fifteen to twenty years of age kept
up a continual booing and cheering for
Schmltz, but the Partridge adherents far
outnumbered them. Seeing their yelling
was of no avail the youths sprang to the
head of the 2000 marching men as It
r.eared Market street.
As the Call building was reached the
immense throng crowded into the . en
trance and extended to the car tracks on
both sides of the building. Here the can
didate paused and attempted to address
the multitude, but the noise made by the
Ruefltes rendered him unheard. Seeing
that the riff- ran* were not disposed to
give Mr. Partridge a fair hearing his
own supporters in the crowd took up his
name with cheer on cheer and -the candi
date entered the building and ascended
in the elevator to his omce. Later when
the crowds had left he boarded a car
for his home.
Dr. A. Glannini made an excellent and
efficient chairman of the evening. Prior
to introducing Mr. Partridge he made the
following speech in behalf of the resi
dents of the district: - £fy
Before presenting the fusion', leader to th!»
audience' I want to deliver to him a messa**
from the decent- people of this district. : A
message of apology for the discourteous treat
ment, for the shameful humiliation 'accprdea
him in this hall over a' week ago." We know
not the source of the Insult nor do we care
so long as it left you, Mr.- Partridge, undis
mayed by the sneers and contumely heaped
upon you.-. :\u25a0>.- \u25a0. -> - . \u25a0• •- \
GOOD SPRINGS FROM EVIL.
Out of evil has come good ; out of Insult
has come respect, We are all glad you did
not decide to remain 'away. V\e are all glad
that you \u25a0 vowed to educate the people In tlu
principles which you advocate. In the name
of the respectable representatives of this dis
trict in which we have lived all our llve»
other candidates begin to look a little
Jaded, as though the work was telling
on them. Each one of them speaks for
a ahort time' at every, meeting.
Good crowds greeted the Mayor last
night. He spoke along the lines which
he has followed all through thecam r
paign, pointing to* the present proper
lty of the city, the failure of the recent
Grand Jury to convict any one con
nected with his administration, and in
sisting that this, was a class light be
tv/een the wage earner and the j capi
talist. He took up the matter of the
bond sale, stating that much of the
money which had been received for the
bonds already sold was lying Idle,
when it should be used for public Im
provements. -**-
The first meeting" was; at- Mangers
Hall, Twenty-fourth and Folsom
streets. In turn the Mayor visited
Hartford Hall. Eighteenth and -Hart
ford streets; Mission Turn Verein' Hall
and Teutonla HalL He attended nu
merous church fairs, the meeting of th 6
Pacific Coast Waiters' Association, Na
tive Sons' Hall; Hayes Valley Athletic
Club and the Carriage and Wagon
Makers' Union. meeting at \LISS Mission
street. :.v: .v - ' -; I ~
CHICAGO TO HAVE A THEATER
/ FOR THE CLASSIC IX JJIIAMA
Promoters Will Offer the Public Noth
ing bat the Works of Stand
ard Authors.
CHICAGO, Oct.' 26.— Chicago ;i» to have a
theater wher«, the season through, nothing
but the classic In drama will be presented. Its
promoters are "women. and their purpose "li. to
offer the K works of Shakespeare, lbs«n, SuJer
mann. Hauptman and others of ; that, class.
The playhouse will be maintained by subscrip
tion, and a- stock •\u25a0 company \u25a0.\u25a0will ;be ' chitaked
from which "stars" will -be eliminated.
This announcement ;wa» , mado \u25a0 yesterday at
the \u25a0 ' regular business meetinr \u25a0of i the ; Chicago
Woman't Club by the president. Mrs. George
Benedict Carpenter, and the chairman; of the
committee " appointed to consider ,the subject,
Mrs. John Buckingham.' . Sufficient financial
tacking has boen promised, according to the
announcement, and the Woman's Club placed
lta approval on the uroject. :'\u25a0-, -
UNION PACIFIC -LINE HAI.ES
• a A RI VAL INTO COURT
Seek* to Enjoin the Chicago and Bur
llagton Front Building In the
North Platte Valley. ! \
OMAHA. Neb..' r Oct. 28. — Judge • Muiweri "In
the United - State* - Dlitrict \' Court ' thi« " after
noon, irranted an application : , of 1 the i Union
Paciflc Railway Company for an injunction re
atrainingr i the Chicago, > Burlington and - Quincy
from Interfering:: with the " construction^ of •\u25a0 a
Hne. toein* ; built by the Union - Pacific up »,he
North , PJatte Valley. - v : \u25a0 - . . "
'Both the Union Pactfltr and the Burlinirton
hav* , filed ara«nde<! .articles of : incorporation,
with a vtewto bullrtln* an extension up the
North - Plattft : River .Valley. Each . road has
hurried : forces \u25a0 of : men to a point . near North
Flatte to: b««iii-.woi*.'- : \-v:--s.:A" ••'\u25a0•• ~:~;.y~\ -\u25a0- ::\u25a0\u25a0
we appeal to the press of this city. lrrespectlv%
of their political feelings, to tell the city that
we are^ heartily so:ry that John S. Partridge
was insulted . by sneaking curs who' for tnt
most part came from without our borders.
In response to these manly words
Mr. Partridge , said: . .
There Is no need for apology from th« citizen*
of the. Foity-fourth. An apology must come
from him who offends and I have never baei.
offended by the respectable people of this dis.
trlct. I know who it was that hurled tht
shameful insults at me. . It - was not ' the re
spectable, honest worklngmen, but hired thugs.
Mr. Partridge then quoted the consti
tution of the United States and the
State of California regarding free
speech. He reviewed the miserable
failures, of the present administration,
and especially promised the bonding
of a. new .City He reviewed
the various commissions and told what
he would do, when elected, in the way
of cleanfng them out and making them
honest and clqsed with a pledge to de
vote himself to jfhe securing of munic
ipal ownership. The last speaker was
Henry U. Brandenstein, whose fiery
words carried the audience by storm.
Even though the truths stung many of
those piesent he was cheered by the
crowd who perceived Intuitively that
he ppoke the truth. He confined his
talk principally to the discussion of
the many things that Ruef and Schmltz
have not done for labor. The other
speakers were. Dr. T. B. W. Leland,
John Connor and O. C. Pratt.
THIRTY-EIGHTH -'IN LINE.
Jleu Pack Jefferson Square Hall to Suf-
focation to Hear Partridge.
Before going to Garibaldi Hall, where one
of the triumphs of the campaign was await
ing him, John S. Partridge visited Jefferson
Square Hall In the Thirty-eighth District* where
a crowded house greeted him. The magnitude
and warmth of his reception Is doubly reas
suring to the fusion leader, as It evidences
the fact that all parts and classes of American
manhood is rallying to the support of decency
and to use the standard bearer's own words
"the 1 übllc conscience is aroused."
The size of tha meeting may be shown from
the words of A. Van der Naillen, one of the
speakers, who said that when he appeared to
make some arrangements for final decorations
early In the evening he found the hall al
ready comfortably tilled. By S ' o'clock the
place was Jammed and In the hallways stand
ing room was at a premium. In proportion
to the • numbers was tha enthusiasm of the
crowd and the warmth of the fusion candi
date's reception.
' The chairman of the evening was' A.. Van
der Naillen, who told of the conditions that
met his eyes south of Market street during
the campaign this year. Two years ago he
was a. campaign speaker in the labor districts
for Henry J. Crocker and spoke there forty r two
times. Many meetings at that time, he said,
were so poorly attended that, they had to be
declared cff. In contrast to that time he
spoke "of the crowded meetings that have been
held In th« district- the Ruef men are claim
ing by large majorities. . -'
j When Mr. Partridge was presented he. spoke
of. the awakening of the public conscience. He
said that every citizen \u25a0 is awake to the re
sponsibility .of the government of San Fran
cisco resting on him . and promised to put on
his commissions when elected men who would
servo the people faithfully.
He went over «ach department from the
Board of Works to the Board of Health and
told of the graft and corruption existing in
them. ' He made an exception of the rank' and
file of'tfte Fire Department, trho are tend
ing to their business without a thought of
politics.
He characterized the Board of Health as a
crime and a disgrace and a stench In the
nostrils of decent people. He pleaded for a
new City -Hospital and said that the - Emer
gency Hospital system- was so bad that in
jured men would hardly permit themselves' to
be taken there. He closed with an appeal to
the voters to vote according to their - con
science and .with the belief that he would
give them what San Francisco needs." a square
deal all ; around, a clean city and a clean
administration. -
The other, speakers of the evening were:
Fred EggofV. Henry U- Brandenstein; Ik*
Goldman and Senator E. I. Wolfe. . \
MCCARTHY: HELPS PARTRIDGE.
Spends .Warning: In Urging: j 3len !Vot to
" Visit Fusion Meeting:.
The crowd of worklngmen that greeted Part
ridge at . KifJJi and : Brannan streets yesterday
noon astonished the fusion leader. Between
•100 and 500 assembled . through the efforts of
P. H. McCarthy of the Building Trades Coun
cil, who dro'.e.n bout the vicinity during the
morning, urging the men not to go to the Part
rld;e open-air talk..
The BulMlng Trades boss' attitude aroused
the* curiosity of the worklngmen and they
turned-out strongly. -At th© conclusion of lm
straightforward talk Mr. Partridge wan
cheered by • them - and many, shook his hand.
One f«fble cheer for Sehmlta was greeted with
a laugh end there were no further lnterrup
tlons. :\u25a0:.>,. \u25a0 .»- - ' ' - "\u25a0•: v.--"- v '
The Blobcl Medicine
Best Known and Most Taken.
The merit and superiority of Hood's Sarsaparilla f as a blood
medicine have been fully established: For years this great- medi-
cine has been taken for blood diseases,' with such satisfactory re-
sults that it enjoys the distinction of being recognized by physi-
cians as well' as people generally, as positively a specific, for
these diseases, and is the most widely known* and 'generally taken
of all blood medicines. 40,366 people have- testified to the great
good Hood's Sarsaparilla has done * them v in the last hco years,
and their testimonials added to the tens of thousands already on
file make the largest volume of voluntary testimony in the world.
..\u25a0-''••..'-'\u25a0\u25a0-.-.- . f
It is in view of such facts as these tliatyou are urged to take
~ Hood's Sarsaparilla if you are suffering from any blood disease or
any indication of impure, ' devitalized or bad blood, Scrofula, .
Eruptions, Skin Diseases. Inflammations, Swellings, Bunches,.
Chronic Sores, Abscesses. .Ulcers, Contagious Blood~Poison, Ca-
tarrhV Rheumatism, 'General Debility, Etc.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
;\u25a0 Cleanses the ; blood of all impurities, expels disease germs and the
'effects of such blood-poisoning diseases as - diphtheria, scarlet
; fever, pneumonia and the grip, gives strength and tone. It hasthe
: indorsement . -;of , the largest number of' radically and* permanently
:: Accept no substitute; but insist on having: Hood's, and get
FORECAST OF PARTRIDGE VICTORY
Estimates of Majority for Fusion
Nominee in the Districts.
JUDGE DIBBLE OUT FOR RUEF
Enthusiastic leaders in the battle to
oust the, boodlers from control of mu
nicipal affairs predict- an overwhelm
ing majority" of something like 15,000
for Partridge. The grafters, on the
other hand, are predicting that Ruefs
candidate for Mayor will win out by
15,000 majority. The betting at this
time is slightly in favor of Schmits.
but tho odds against Partridge are
steadily diminishing.
There are many signs indicative of
a great popular uprising in support of
the fusion nominees, but students of
the contest, who are endeavoring to get
a line on the probable" result, eliminate
the probability of an uprising, and fig
ure as to ithe' outcome on the basis of
the existing registration and the vot«
cast for Mayor two years ago. *
Sangruine supporters of Partridge
claim that the result will be something;
like this:
ilajorities for Partridge — Thirty
fourth Assembly District. 600; Thirty
fifth. 1000; Thirty-sixth, 300; Thirty
seventh, 2700; Thirty-eighth. 2000;
Thirty-ninth, 200; Fortieth, 2000; For
ty-first, 1000; Forty- second. 1700; For
ty-third, 1500; Forty-fourth, 200. Total,
13.200...
Schmltz majorities — Twenty-eighth
Assembly District. 400; Twenty-ninth,
400; Thirtieth. 1000: Thirty-first. 3"00;
Thirty-second, 500; Thirty-third. 400;
Forty-fifth. 900. Total. 3900.
Partridge's majority, 9300.
Close inside figuring on th« most con
servative basis gives this as the prob
able result: - .
' Partridge majorities — Thirty-fotirth
Assembly District. 400: Thirty-fifth.
800; Thirty-seventh, 2500; Thirty
eighth, 1S00; Thirty-ninth. 100; For
tieth, 1500; Forty-flr*t. R00: Forty
second. 1200; Forty- third. 1000; Forty
fourth. 100. Total. 10.200.
Schmltz majorities — Twenty-eighth
Assembly District. 600; Twenty-ninth.
700; Thirtieth.- 1500; Thirty-first. 700;
Thirty-second. 800; Thirty-third. 800;
Thirty-sixth, 400; Forty-fifth. 1400.
Total, 6900. --_ .
Partridge's majority. 3300.
Judge Dibble Is back home amon?
his old congenial associates. He pre
sided at a Ruef-Schmitz meeting In the
Forty-first Assembly District a tew
nights ago. Early in the present cam
paign he made a speech at a Republi
can League meeting in the Forty-first
In which he expressed his joy In being
identified with a movement to better
the conditions of local government, and
Incidentally threw In the remark that
he had defended Maestrettl as a lawyer
only. • •'•-"
The Judge's "identification with an
honest movement in politics occasioned
some surprise to himself and others,
but did not produce a lasting impres
sion. Later on his name was elimi
nated from the proposed list of dele
gates to the Republican convention be
cause the citizens of the district did
not like his record.
Nothing" more was heard of him In
the campaign until he bobbed up as
the presiding genius of a Ruef-Schmitz
rally. Many leading citizens of tho
district, wJio are actively engaged in
the cause of clean government and are
therefore working night and day to
promote the success of Partridge's
candidacy for Mayor, are extremely
anxious that The Call should give the
widest publicity to the announcement
that Judge Dibble is standing in -with
Ruef. ??.i~-7s -\u25a0 " \u25a0 ' •
The grafters have been brought to a
realization of the fact that they cannot
bluff, bulldoze or intimidate the fusion
nominees. T In every Assembly district of
San Francisco Partridge will speak his
sentiments. The record of boodle and
graft at the City Hall will be submitted
to the people. Last night Partridge ad
dressed a. vast audience of voters In the
north end of the city and was greeted
with cordial enthusiasm. He Is hourly
gaining strength. Rowdies and ruffians
in ' the service of the municipal adminis
tration cannot check his advancement.
The notion j that he will be t*he next
Mayor of San Francisco is entertained by
the closest students of the political sit
uation. The stortes, that Immense sums
of money are on deposit at '"this or that"
barroom for wager that Schmitz will be
elected are fakes. When the tales are
Investigated it is usually found that book-
makers have deposited small sums, to
keep the betting alive.'
MERCHANTS ARC PU.MSIIED
FOR SELLING IMPURE FOOD
Philadelphia Grocers Who Furnished
Oleomargarine for Batter Are \u25a0* -\u0084>
Fined, and Imprisoned.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 26.— The cases of
Burt '& Dennis, grocers, and Frederick Hal!,
local Qianarer for Swift & Co.. charged with
furnishing Impure food to the League Island
navy yard, 'came up to-day before Judge Mc-
Mlchael In the Criminal Court. John F. Burt
and William 11. Dennis, trading: as Burt &
Dennis, were charged with supplying oleo
margarine to the navy yard a* a substitute
for butter. They pleaded guilty and were
fined $250 and costs and sentenced to sixty
days In the county prison.
Manager . Hall, charred with selling- meat
in which boraclc acid was used, was fined $100,
the cost of prosecution and expense of the
analysis.
Collision Stakt .\ornftlaß Bark.
LONDON. Oct. 26.— The Norwegian bar*
Astrlii. bound to Langesund. and the German
steamer Schanmburs. from Galveston for
Hamburg-, were in collision In Cuxbav-n
Heads to-day. Th« bark sank, but all on
board were saved. •
Express Robber Plead* Guilty.
PITTSBTJBG, Oct. 29.— Edward O- CirallfW.
the Adanrig Exoress robber, went into court
to-day and plead«d guilty to two charges of
larceny, representing a total of $101,000. Sen
tence was suspended until Saturday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
,-When Carl Schurs
Writes
CWhen a man like Carl
- Schurz, a man who for
fifty years has enjoyed the
confidence of the greatest
legislators of the world, a man
who never writes a word with-
out giving it due thought,
and who, though writing in
an acquired tongue, has made
himself a master of that
tongue — when such a man
presents the Reminiscences of
his long and useful life, that
work marks an epoch in his*
tory and an epoch in litera-
ture. When a magazine like
McClure's publishes these ,
Reminiscences it marks an
epoch in magazine-making,
even for McClure's.
These Schurz papers, which
begin in the November Mc-
Clure's, with the fascinating .
story of the boyhood of
Schurz, will take up before
long his point of view of such
men as Sherman, Grant, Lin-
coln, Greeley, Cleveland and
• others whom he knew as in-
. timate friends.
• Buy McClure's to-day — the
November number— and be-
gin to read this great series of
papers with the tirst one.
S=. S. McCLURE COMPANY
44-feO East 23cl S;roet '
"> NEW YORK
\u25a0 - \
1905 . 1905
TAXES
Notice Is hereby given that the taxes
on all personal "property secured by
real property and one-half -of the taxes
on real property will b« due and paya-
ble on MONDAY, OCTOBER 9TH. 1903.
and will he DELINQUENT ON MON-
DAY, NOVEMBER 2 7 TH. 1905, AT 6
O'CLOCK P. M., and unless paid prior
thereto fifteen per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and that If said
one-half he not -paid before' the' -last
MONDAY* In April next, at 6 o'clock P.
M.. an additional five per cent will- be
Added thereto;' that the remaining one-
half of the tuxes on all real property
will h*. payable on and after the first
MONDAY in JANUARY next, and will
be delinquent on the last MONDAY In,
APRIL nort thereafter, at« o'clock P.
M.,.and unless, paid prior thereto ftva
per cent will^be added to the amount
thereof. • \
That all taxes may be paid Jit the
time the first installment as herein pro-
vided Is due and payable. ;
That said tuxes are due, and payable
at the office of the Tax Collector. New
City: Hall.
POSITIVELY NO CHECKS RE-
CEIVED AFTER THE 20TH DAY OF
NOVEMBER. 1905. and the 23rd day of
April. 190 G. • iV t
N.- B.— For. the convenience of tax-
j payers unable to call during the day. •
j this»oClce will be open continuously
during the month of November from 7-
A. M. to 9 P. M.. commencing: November
Ist. 1905.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate this
office and .themselves by bringing , feist
year's tax bills.
(Signed) JOSEPH H. SCOTT.
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
O T>IT CUfC FOR BARBERS. . BAK-
IJXi U OrlJu O "\u25a0• bootblacks, bath-
*^* V". *"* . . "* TT • houses. . WllUrd UDIn,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters.* •!»• factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailor*, tto.
\u0084 /, BUCHANAN, BROi, _ " \
Urtuh Jlanuf mcturers, 809 Skcxjm-'--*- ••/\ X HA \ A h X V
FRIEND IN KAISER
Russian Situation Causes Conster
nation in Berlin Court Circles. 4
Continue*! front Page 1. Column 4.
to a. niilitia coniposc-u of armed students
and workmen.
'i/iiis. militia was acclaimed by thts
populace, but at certain points its mem
bers were fired <ni by troops and many
of them were wounded. The commit
tee conferred with General Mau, wi'ii
a view to arranging terms tor the sur
render of the university garrison. * The
general demanded that the besieged
yield up their arms to the university
administration and march out in
\u25a0Hence, but lie added that they would
b« permitted to proceed without moles
tation to their comrades, who were
holding a great meeting in Skobeleff
Square.
The terms were accepted and the
garrison marched out in 6ilence be
tween lines of troops, while the crowd
massed behind the troops cheered the
students. The garrison was escorted
by a squadron of dragoons to Skobeleff
Square, where it met with great enthu
siasm and dispersed without further
disorder.
RUSSIAN RAILWAYS.
Government Owns and Operate* Most
Of lilt- JJnex.
At the time of the breaking out of
th« war with Japan the various rail
way systems of European Russia com
prised a. little more linni 31,0u0 miles
of road open for traffic and the Asliatlc
lines were 5153 miles.
Of the Kuropean iines the Govern
ment owned and operated 24.311 miles,
\u25a0while 10,873 miles were owned and
operated by public companies, and with
126k miles of short local lines, made
up the total.
The whole network consists of twenty
eight lines uninterruptedly connected
with each other and eleven isolated
lines, nineteen of the former (60 per
cent) operated by the Government and
nine (40 per cent) by public companies. ,
For many years the Government has :
operated its lines at a heavy loss, j
which, however, gradually decreased |
from 30,000,000 rubles deficit in ISS9
to 11,500.000 rubles in 1901. The cost of
construction of all the Russian rail
ways, not including those in Finland,
Is estimated at 5,250,000.000 rubles, or
about 99,000 rubles per verst. .
The gross receipts of the railways
(except those of Finland) for 1901, the
latest year for which there are com
plete returns, were 596.802,000 rubles,
\u25a0while the expenditures were 416,
057.000 rubles. In that year there were
employed on the Russian railways a
total of 615,5 M men, who received in
wages an aggregate of 202,075,471
rubles, an average of a little more than
?-2S rubles per man.
CZAR READY FOR FLIGHT.
Imperial Yacht Lien Off Kronstadr
Constantly Under Steam.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 26.— The
source of the fands which are apparent
ly at command of the re\-olutlonlsts is a
mystery. In Moscow the re\ - olutlonary
committee I? paying strikers 15 cents
daily " and" has 'invested' large sums "In
arm? and ammunition. The rifles and
cartridges taken in Finland and Poland
wore part of those purchased by the com
mittee. It Is conjectured that financial
aid is being received from socialists- and
revolutionists abroad, and some of it may
come from America, In response to an
appeal published recently in Xew York
newt-paper? on behalf of the Jewish bund.
The tactics of the revolutionists In St.
Petersburg are apparently to create a
reign of terror. Warnings have been sent
.to merchants on the Nevsky, Morskaim,
Ascension and other fashionable thor
oughfares to close In order to escape pil
lage and the torch. The doctors are re
ceiving notification ordering them to dis
continue visits to the sick, on penalty of
death. Word has been passed among ser
vants mysteriously that a mob was pre
paring to sack the residences -of the bet
ter classes. Apprehension apparently pre
vails in imperial circles. It is reported
that the imperial yacht Polar Star is ly
ing off Kronstadt, constantly under steam,
and that the small yacht Estrella Is held
In waiting at the wharf at Peterhof for
emergency tise.
COSSACKS ATTACK WORKMEN".
One Hundred Toiler* \Vounded f B B«t
. tie at the »v«kj- Work*.
LONDON. Oct. 26. — A dispatch to the
K«wi Agency from St. Petersburg says
that two squadrons of Cossacks to-day
attacked seven thousand workmen,
who were holding a meeting at the
Ne\ r sky works. About a hundred work-
PR. PIERCES RE3fEDIEgI^
BOOZE- OR MEDICINE?
Which win yoa have? If a woman gof-
fering from one of the delicate allraoots
peculiar to yoar sex it will be well for
you to know that Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription Is the only remedy adver-
tised for such maladies which is abso-
lutely free from Intoxicating liquors and
all other harmful agents. The good you
feel from its use is not th© delusive ex-
hileration from a tippling beverage, from
which the system reacts into a worse
condition than before. It may be a little
tlower in manifesting its bracing and
invigorating action, but ita benefits are
none the less positive and, best of all,
they are lotting. It's an honest medi-
cine—not a beverage.
" I have been taking your medicine for the
last three weeks and can say I am gaining
•trcnfrth." writes Mrs. Senetb Kinny. of fIC6
Ea^t Madison Street. Mount Pleasant. lowa.
515 1 have been harlne very poor health all win-
ter. I doctored with our family doctor but
was relieved only while takinsr the medicine.
I took Dr. Pierces medicine several years
zso. I knew it tras good for any one suffer-
ing with female trouble. Havo taken only
one bottle and am painln* strenrth very
fast. I could not eat nor sleep when I began
taklnsr the "Favorite Prescription." Heart
troubled me and I had cold and numb spells
till my heart would almost stop boating.
3ave bad one child since first taking: your
medicine. If I continue with your treatment
am positive I will be cured."
Every suffering woman In this land
should write to Dr. Pierce and learn how
certainly he can help her to health- and
•trength. It costs nothing to write and
receive entirely free the advice of one of
the most experienced physicians in this
country. His great thousand-page book
the Common feense Medical Adviser, in
stiff paper covers, will be sent free for *21
one-cent stamps the bare cost of mail-
ina: or, send 31 stamps for doth bound.
Address Dr. E. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
S3V — -**. These ORIGINAL Uttle Uver
% CA* rTCtf * Pills, first put up by old Dr.
V*!\\£?V' R- V. Pierce over 40 years aeo.
faave be<Jn miicil | m l uted out
never equaled. They're made of purely res-
et able, concentrated and refined medicinal
nrindplek. extracted from native American
roots and plants. They speedily relieve and
cure foul, torpid and dcrasured Stomachs.
Livers and Bowels and tbclr attendant dis-
tressful ailments. One or two a laxative,
three or four a cathartic.
Don't allow the dealer to insult your
Intelligence by offering his own remedy
to you instead of this well-known prep-
txation of Dr. Pien*. J
men, it is reported, were wounded and
seven Cossacks were injured by stones.
The railroad bridge across the Ob
vodny canal at St. Petersburg has been
destroyed.
A dispatch to the Exchange Tele
graph Company from St. Petersburg
says that Euipcror Nicholas has de
cided to grant a constitution simjlar
to that of Germany.
A dispatch to the Evening Standard
from Odessa says it is reported there^
from Sebastopol that the Russian bat
tleship Pateleimon (formerly the Kniaz
Potemklne) has been destroyed by in
cendiaries.
A special dispatch from Odessa says
it Is reported that a mutiny has oc
curred on the Russian battleship Cath
erine II at Sebastopol and that 400 of
her crew have been arrested.
Dragoom Fire Upon Workmen.
WARSAW, Oct. 28. — At Pabyianic,
In the government of Piotrakoff, dra
goons to-day fired on a demonstration
of 4000 workmen, killing two and wound-
Ing fourteen. A military patrol to-day
refused to mount guard on the streets.
Many policemen are leaving the service.
JAPANESE CLEVERLY
DUPE WEBFOOTEIIS
Sheriff's Raid Puts End to
Lottery Game of Sons
of Nippon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. Oct. 26.— Sheriff Word
with two deputies swooped down upon
the little Japanese .booth in ' Twenty
sixth street, opposite the main entrance
to the exposition grounds, this morning
and with the arrest of three clerks
stopped the operations of the siciety of
Japanese art admirers. There were
about fifty women in the place when
the raid was made this morning. They
wept and Dleaded that their names be
withheld by the Sheriff and that they
might escape arrest. However, they
consented to testify against the pro
moters of the lottery game that has
separated thousands of Portland's
prominent citizens from various small
sums. One woman offered to give the
Sheriff her chances in the lottery game
If she were not arrested. Another tear
fully pleaded that her husband had al
ways* objected to her seeking riches
through such ' schemes, and 1t would,
cause her endless trouble if he knew
she •was present when the raid was
made. There was intense excitement
when Sheriff Word arrived at the
booth. The officers arrived In time to
prevent what threatened to result In a
riot.
A woman who had secured a prize
of trifling value was so angry that she
removed a shoe to throw at a girl em
ployed as a clerk. AntJther woman
hurled a bundle of worthless prizes at
another clerk. The girls behind the
counter declared that they feared per
sonal violence until the officers arrived.
It I* tlie Little Sticks
That set the big log on fire. Ita the little de
tails of tie offlce / that worry. The Shaw-
Walker Card Index Systems take care of them
for you. Will be clad to show you — you'll be
proud to have one. Catalogue. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. ~»
YON MOLTKE STATUE
UXVEILED IN BERLIN
BERLIN, Oct. 26. — A statue of Field
Marshal yon Moltke, the gift of the
army to the German people, was un
veiled here to-day, the one hundred and
fifth anniversary of his birth, in the
presence of Emperor William, the im
perial family and all the great per
sonages of state and many thousands
of people. Five men, contemporaries of
Yon Moltke, who served on his staff
during the war with France, were
there..
Ten thousand troops of the Berlin
garrison In * parade uniform were
massed near the scene of the unveil
ing. The exercises were simple.
The marble figure was sculptured by
Professor Uphues. who did the statue
of Frederick the Great now In Wash
ington. The figure is eighteen feet
high and leans against a block of
marble, with hands folded and legs
crossed. The statue stands in Koenig's
Platz. vr* v
TEMPERA3TCE WORKERS WILL
TALK TO SCHOOL CHILDREN
Woman's Organization Plans New
Move la Battle Against the Use
of Liquor.
LOS AXGELES. Oct. 26. — There was lntenia
activity among' the delegates to the convention
©f .the National W. C. T. U. to-day, every on©
preparing (f or the opening session of the or
ganization at the First Congregational Church
auditorium to-morrow morning. . There were
brief meeting* of the different executive boards
to-day, receptions to delegates by the local
temperance workers and evangelistic services
at the Trinity M. B. Church.
The Los, Angeles Board of Education has
granted permission to the W. C. T. TJ. to sen!
temperance ' speakers to the different public
schools, and the work of pecurlng eight speak
ers to address the school teachers hu been'
placed In th* hands of Miss Mary F. Ix>v«ll
of Wyncote, Pa,, associate superintendent of
education: Mies Margaret Wlntringer of Ill
inois, national organ! rer. and Mrs. Frances K.
Beauchamp of Kentucky. State president. Mrs
Caroline B.'Bueli of Connecticut, State teach
er; Mrs. B. Ingalls of Missouri, superintendent
of anti-narcotlcn, and Mrs. Annie "W Clark
of Ohio. State president, will name fifty women
to address the school children.
The Toung Women's Chrletian Tempran.ee
Union opened its annual national conference to
day preliminary to the first . session of the
national convention of the parent organiza
tion to-morrow. Mrs. Cora Seberry. the na
tional secretary, presided at to-day's session
and a number of speeches were made princi
pally on the subject of securing pledges against
the use of alcohol, tobacco and profanity A
reception in honor of Mrs. Seberry was givea
thin evening.
Extending Telephone System.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 26.— Within the
next two weeks it Is expected that tele
phone connection with Los Angeles,
Santa Ana and other cities in that vi
cinity will have .been established by
means of * the Home. Telephone Com
pany's system. Two wires are being
strungr. one to give through service to
Los Angeles and the other, which will
also be a through one, will carry the
way exchange?.
Iliphly Respected Woman Dies.
Mrs. Chloe Brown, a well-known and high
ly respected resident of the State, and widow
of the late Smith Brown, died at Xapa yes
terday at the age of 84 years. Mrs. Brown
was . the mother of the late Mrs. France*
Edgerton and of Mrs. Homer S. King and Dana
"W. Brown of Seattle, '. Wash. Mrs. Brown was
a native of Massachusetts. .'\u25a0\u25a0• , -•>>--,;
Spot ob the Son Visible.
TACOMA. Oct. 26.— From Puget Bound
points a large spot on the sun was clearly
visible to-day 1 . A heavy fog this morning
caused the eun to appear as a red ball ana
the spot was very distinct. As th» fog lifted
people viewed the strange sight through
smoked slasies. , ' • .
THE SAN; FRANGISGO ; CALLvJ FRIDAY; 27^*1 905.
ROOSEVEL T CLOSES
TOUR OF THE SOUTH
Begins First Stage of His Return Journey
to the Capital of the Nation.
New Orleans Gives a Most- Enthusiastic
Reception to Our Chief Ruler;
NEW ORLEANS, L,a., Oct. 26.— At the
end of nine strenuous hours of varied
entertainment in New Orleans, which
brought his exceptionally peasant trip
through the South to a close, President
Roosevelt at 6:30 o'clock to-night boarded
the lighthouse tender Magnolia and began
the first stage of his return journey to
the national capital. No newspaper re
porters accompanied him and he will be
out of touch with the world throughout
the night, but daylight to-morrow is ex
pected to bring news of his successful
transfer to- the armored cruiser West
Virginia, which lies at anchor oft the
mouth of the river to receive him, and of
the beginning of the second stage of tho
journey. For four days he will be absent
from American soil, which has never
heretofore happened to a President dur
ing his incumbency, but through the
means of wireless telegraphy it is prom
ised that he will be seldom out of com
munication with the shore. .
The President's New Orleans reception
was a signal testimonial \of popular es
teem and of grateful recognition of the
service which he has . rendered the city
In her period of distress. New Orleans
to-day remembered not only that the
President had acted with characteristic
promptness when asked to send federal
surgeons to take charge of the fever
struggle, but throughout the flght here
sustained the people of the stricken city
with expressionsj'of unfailing sympathy
and, when a large share of the public
opinion of the country opposed his ven
turing into New Orleans with the fever
still prevailing, he refused to consider the
t-lement of-personal danger and declared
his purpose to keep the promise he made
when he accepted the original invitation
to come. ' ...
MET BY CHEERING CROWDS.
The crowd jammed St. Charles street
from property line to property line all
the way from Poydras street to Ninth,
and it spread over Lafayette Square
almost from St. Charles to Camp
streets. Probably 50,000 people were
gathered in and around the .stand from
which the President was to have de
livered the address. When the Presi
dent decided to abandon his effort he
shouted to the throng to go home and
be good citizens, and then disappeared
Into the Mayor's parlors, well-nigh ex
hausted. To -those about him he ex
pressed himself as immensely pleased
with the demonstration in his honor,
which was far beyond his expectations
or the expectations of the members of
his party, and said that the reception
was the greatest that he had had since
he had started on his trip.
The demonstration at the luncheon
was scarcely less exuberant. When
the President entered the superbly dec
orated dining-hall the 625 banqueters
rose and gave way to frantic cheers.
Every thought he uttered was the sig
nal for an extraordinary- exhibition of
enthusiasm, and as his speech dealt
almost entirely with local subjects and
had special -reference to the fight
against yellow fever, the; banquet de
v-eloped into an (Increasing ovation.
At Harapan, ten miles from New Or
leans, the President's car was switched
from the main track of the Illinois
Central and carried over the Belt Line
to Stuyvesant Docks, where the com
modious ocean going Southern Pacific
Bteamer-Comus awaited him. On board
the steamer were 400 of the leading
men and women of the city. Governor
Blanchard and his staff. Dr. White,
who fought the good fight as the Gov
ernment's representative against the
fever, together with all the surgeons in
full uniform, officers of the army and
navy, Mayor Behrmari and leading
Federal, State and city officials.
When the Comus had straightened
she headed up stream with the Presi
dent again on board and ran around
the crescent, past South Port, where
the President was enabled to obtain a
view of the great levees of the Pont
chartrain district and see vast fields
of ripening sugar cane on the planta
tions lying on either side of the river.
A few miles above the city the Comus
turned and went slowly down the river,
passing along the whole front of the
southern metropolis. On either bank
people lined the levees as the steamer,
aflutter with flags, proceeded on her
way amid the din of the sirens of river
craft and shrill whistles of the manu
facturing industries. Passing the Al
giers Point the Comus hugged the west
shore and the President law for the
first time the immense steel floating
dock of the Government and the naval
reservation. Further down on the east
bank of the river he saw the hlitorlc
Urjwlines Convent enshrouded In the
national "colors, the United States bar
racks where several hundred of the
regular soldiers escaped infection dur
ing the faver, the unfinished shaft of
Chalmette marking the battlefield of
New Orleans, and still further on he
got a glimpse of the Federal cemetery
where lie thousands of bodies of tbosa
who perished for the Union. The Co
mus carried the Presidential party be
yond the immense terminals under
construction at Port Chalmette and
then turning, headed back to -the. city.
CROWDS FLOCK TO CITY.
Immediately the Comus was moored,
the parade got under way. The Con
federate veterans held the right of the
line with the Sons of Veterans and the
Spanish War Veterans, made up of sur
vivors of several Louisiana regiments
which had responded to the nation's
call to arms In the most recent of
Firry s/xm oE}?siM^oiMm^B
SAY/A X}OrsQo 7V*/<pO£A^
Al?si ILLINGUI MpiDLYfniAT YOl/Mlfr
OFm£^/?rUA/A
Girrrd/^Eirm^
(oOttD£JW£;</^^
American wars, following. The parade
included numerous! civic bodies, j . ,- ,-•:
i r Long before \the parade hati neared
i the City Hall the people began to "con
1 gregate there, and such a dense, lm
-niovable crowd wus never before seen
In this city of annual crowds. Haifa
hundred policemen mounted and on
foot labored for an hour to make a
clear space so that the President's car
riage could come up to the entrance.
MAKES BRIEF SPEECH.
The President realized : that an acci
dent was imminent, and if the crowd
was not soon dispersed there might be
serious trouble/ Jle urged Mayor Behr
man to Introduce ; him immediately,
which was done simply, though the
Mayor's voice- was drowned In the hub
bub. J:; Vr-'v/--; : . I ;'^ v v : . '• " \u25a0 > Y.v~
The President climbed upon the rail
ins before which he was to speak, sup
ported by the Mayor, though he kept
his balance admirably.
He waved/ his hand to the crowd and
they broke forth with, redoubled vigor.
He urged the crowd to keep still and
called their attention to the fact" that
many women were caught in the jam
and might be injured. Each utterance
of his, though unheard by the mass of
homanity, evoked a cheer and waving
of handkerchiefs and parasols, and then
the President tried to deliver a short
speech. It was impossible and he.real
ized the futility of It
"That's all right," answered the
President. "Stay right there no w,'\ he
added, addressing the t crowd, '•\u25a0 which
was beyond control. v '
The Mayor attempted to secure si
lence and the President began again:
"My fellow countryman: Give me a
chance— ," whereat there was a tremen
dous uproar, of applause and a voice
shouted: "We will give you one and we
will give you another.""
Again the President started: "My fel
low countrymen: I appreciate more than
I can cay. this greeting and it is beyond
the power of any human being to ac
knowledge it by speaking, for you could
not hear him. (Great applause.)
"And now you have shown such ex
traordinary qualities throughout this
dreadful summer, that' I want you .to
show your capacity for self-government
(tremendous applause) and that means
don't jam. (Laughter and applause.)
ENTERTAINED AT LUNCHEON.
After a short visit In his .hotel the
President held a series of receptions.
The first was to a group of cpnfederate
veterans who presented to him a watch
charm of crossed Union and Confederate
flags as a souvenir of the trip. The sec
ond of the receptions was to a group of
Grand Army veterans.
The climax of the day's entertainment
was the luncheon which started shortly
after 3 o'clock and was prolonged fifteen
minutes beyond the time set for it, as. a
result of the continuous ovation given to
the President. The President | sat be
neath the pelican flag, with Mayor Behr
man on on©; side , of him and Governor
Blanchard on the other. Governor Blan
chard extended the welcome on behalf of
the. State. ;. ..••:' ; ,
When the applause that followed the
toastmaster*s remarks ' introducing him
had subsided the President said in part:
Gentlemen, as you have greeted me so well,
you have given me the opportunity to Indulge
myself in a luxury. There • have been mo
ments in the past when I was afraid of say
ing how well I thought of the Senators and
Representatives in the National Congress from
Louisiana- for fear I might damage them,' Now
I am emboldened by your generous kindness
and confidence to say I that it has been in
deed a pleasure to deal with Louisiana's rep
resentatives in the Senate and -in 'the lower
house of Congress, because whenever I had to
do with a great question of national Importance
I could go to them convinced that if I could
show them It was really for the good of the
nation, they would stand for it.;
Now. from the representatives of Louisiana
I was - sure of support, whether' it , was a
question of building up and keeping at a high
point of efficiency the United States navy
or whether It was a question of building the
Panama canal. And mind you, gentlemen,
the two questions go together. One thing that
as President of this country I won't do is
to make a bluff that I can't make good. I
don't intend on behalf of the nation to take
any position until^l have carefully thought
out whether that position will be advantageous
to the nation, but If I . like it I am going to
keep it. And I am sure that you gentlemen
know it has been a mistake to think of me as
a man desirous of seeing this nation quarrel
some. I have no respect either for th« nation
or for the individual that brawls.
SPEAKS OF PANAMA CANAJU
I want to se» this nation do as th« Individ-'
ual men in th« nation who would respect
themselves should do, - scrupulously regardful
of the rights of others and honestly endeavor
ing to avoid all cause of difficulty.. But I
want, on behalf of this nation, the \u25a0 peace that
comes not to the co«vard who cringes for It,
but. the peace of the just man armed, who
asks it as a right.
The- Panama canal la a big work, and it is
a very big nation only that can do that kind
of work. 1 1 expect soon to have a report from
the engineers as to the exact shape that the
work will take. I will then be able to make
rcor* . definite forecast* as to the tlma, but of
this I can assure you, the work will be done
well; it will b* done as speedily As possible.
and.lt will absolutely be done. • .
\u25a0 At the ladies', entrance to the hotel the
First Troop of Cavalry and • a mounted
escort of Rough Riders were drawn up.
When the' President appeared he was
once more wildly cheered. From his open
carriage he gracefully acknowledged - the
greeting. With his escort he was driven
down Canal street to tho river. f ' : .
The brilliant street was crowded .with
men, women and children, and the Pres
ident was ' enthusiastically applauded all
the way to Canal street. He was quick
ly received on board the Magnolia and
the boat put off her landing and started
down the river amid the pandemonium of
the cheering multitude. ' ; :vi/ r -4
I- ,L _ \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-,-. _ \u25a0_ •
• r v^^ r^^^^^'^^^-t3"^ :^ The man who goes outside of
\u25a0 ' our stores t°r his overcoat is pay-
\u25a0\u25a0 '^'^/p^^il^ioW'S^-^S9i.'Ji ' irig from $4 to $8 more for his
•. * ,-- ' AJ^. />- i 0 \u25a0 ; garment than he needs to.
/ -%, %4% 4 . ; f " He can buy here from the mak-
/." c - j >j\ *"T""!~n ers and buy at only one profit over
V.* - 4^^^^ -"/ - the cost of making. Buying else-
.-•\u25a0 *j ,'f 'SSSS^iu^---^---^^- where, he must pay for .two profits.
..." ' s^^^^^K^^ Other storcs< don>t make their
"\ "-. \u25a0'\u25a0 Nothing- c make ours and we
•• ' . .'\u25a0" • *"" r **?< undersell all others, becatisb we
, ~~r . " isMr'-'"^- ••••"•'• ' -' save you one profit, which, in the
;i : .^ .. -".-SSi^^.-V-" . \u25a0 -;•'• '..;••\u25a0 •'.' case of these overcoats at $i2.Jo f
MlfiSll^^^^WS 111 'ii v :>^ Long overcoats as here pictured
'r- "^lraßifeli Hi -'-'" ;.'< * will be supreme this winter. They
; \ *^^j3»|^4jj 99 •' v [ ' -' " ) are fashioned for comfort as well
'4'Mi&Bw^W^ JJ r *"'^ as stvie> They are long enough
dv** warm and fully protected in a
vy^^X^^^^^^^^^l^^^^lv \u25a0-•' :':;: ' : ; ::?:\u25a0-"\u25a0\u25a0 i-V: storm — large enough to put on and •
;•• ;;^'^ • ;J^l^^^7- V ••--- : J,._ ' ''^^"^ PP U U onC without help — roomy
•s' sPSlSßk^'' ;'>^s; '>^5 enough in the skirt to permit of
heavy, fancy worsteds and cheviots, Venetian lined, with or without belt in back.
Our price for these long, stylish overcoats is only $12.50.
See Our Fall Suits With the New Peak Lapels
. Have you seen the new peak lapel— the lapel on single breasted suits that
is the subject for conversation whenever men's clothes are being discussed?
In the Eastern States the careful dressers are demanding the peak lapel on
all garments. It is one of the biggest hits in clothes for some time.
The peak lapel is broad, flat and cut low so as to show a portion of the
vest. It gives a single breasted coat a broad effect, making the wearer look
athletic in buifd.
Now we knew that the peak lapel would be the thing this season, so made
up hundreds of suits in this style at prices ranging from $15.00 up.
Another thing — gray is the color — gray worsteds, gray cheviots, gray cassi-
meres— they have the call from New York to San* Francisco. Gray is selling
ten to one over.,any other color.
This we also knew would happen, so months ago we ordered our workshops
to make gray suits — and here they, are for you from $15.00 up.
Men ? s Suits in New Fall Styles $1 j-QQ,
You haven't an idea of what $11.00 will buy in clothes until you see these suits.
The materials are blue serge, black Thibets and gray, and brown mixtures in cheviots
and worsteds. So you see there is quite an assortment from which to choose. Single or
double breasted models, made by us and sold direct to you at only one profit over the
Young Men's $12.50 Fall $a.85 o^p.\
Suits Reduced to " fodj. nsn
- t. x , & v ii. v IPhteft ?
To the parents who have these clothes to buy we \u25a0in I?jS^ p -
• wish, to say: Such a large reduction is unusual, to be I £? 1
sure, but nevertheless it is a fact. We reduced the 6S>^^^^ffl'^*
suits from $12.^0 to $8.35 to serve as a special for /fti^^k^S^^a
getting you acquainted with our store. It's your future j^^^^M^^m^^^
To the young men we have this to say: The ma- \.^^^^^B[^^^^
terial is a fancy Scotch cheviot in swell patterns, any
one of vvhich you will like. Come in and see them. " S^^P^^^Bi
' $5«o5» You can see by the ri^i^^m
picture what a stylish garment -^W^^mi^z*
•'\u25a0^^P^i^^l^i^ r 9 n on. the left sleeve and ' *-**"
'iSSI?- i^^® the loose box effect to the garment. On the right sleeve is a
; /^^^^^^^»*a '\u25a0 ' stripe of honor. The material is a navy blue worsted cheviot —
/\u25a0: \ '^sMM-^m' a C 9?or. that. goes well with all dresses. The garments are man-
pSSSllS^^^ffl tailored throughout. Ages 4. t0. 16; price in our stores, $5.85.
\u25a0 l'' See the;ivfovelties; in; Boys' Suits .
>.ms^^^^^S^m- Which Are Arriving Daily.
M|i^^^|i|||i^|^-^ Beautiful novelties in boys* suits and overcoats are arriving
Hf \u25a0'**""\u25a0 daily. Come here any time and you will find something new on
/wIL display — something just brought out this season. Remember
vW^r Hm^-i y ou are as we l come to look at the goods in our stores as you
*«slilil§||g~^ll]»Si§^i^ would be to view them in the show windows.
\u25a0 FILLED-— - .. - . -' : ,-'' ;<; <r '--i 1i 1 - ":- : .\ ;i \u25a0.;:".- " \u25a0 \u0084 .- . \u25a0. A '\^'- • FREE
uijiiTC Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Clothing. > WITHIN '
//? TTIAf/^ I AI*CTA 50 MILES
i 740^ Market Street and Corner Powell and Ellis '
34
RELIEVED AND CURED BY
f7T**V^\'U^ J #**"~ > % Hon. Ira K. Rider whose letter
Ctr^*^^^ *w?C :^N ls Published below, is Member of
f»?y£|tJ*yMgffigLfc*J|i I• - 'ft' J"t l - L W*Ffl '1 Cong-re^!" for the Fourteenth New
*r7'^MT^^^m^r^^ t ' i ' l^^ r ''^^^^^^^^hiM Tcrk District. He lives in New
j fflp M^\:> . J&su\ <m Many of our legislators at "Wash-
\u25a0^S| Jfr**i»s&sa!S&Zih |>» ington have learned the merit of
.ySS r*?W^'> J S^ft<l *ra Doan's Kidney Pills throug-h per-
-a^' V |S sonal us? and heartily recommend
*p4f "^i&XO) wlcil H"ost*r-Milburn Co.. Buffalo, N. T.
'.^ i f*£s&?Ti4[*r s\ feSiSsi Gentlemen: Tour remedy. Doan's
EJ } VfV-^jF^/ JK *P^l Kldnsy Pills, deserves the grati-
j \ iSraP^^ /WJkbk. W&SrM tude of all who suffer from kidney
?3 >SH»(ViT^^%. BgKf and bladder troubles. I was re-
"s y&^^ s^fk^S^'' t: ''^^^^&J lleved Bnd cured of kidney trouble
iS /OOTygSw^^^wT M&y*^ fa y Down's Kidney Pills, experi-
I ' C#2c * nciug marked relief the second
H i^^^TO^^^^-^^^S^Sgfc tw»f Th * urinary trouble, pain and
*y>&*i dragrg^in^ sensation were almost
'1^ '•-.•f^ygSrJE^g^vr^eSi^g S%<te^\.^4f entirely g-one and a continuation of
_ _ rui «n«™ V? ! f^?^*?VSKrSf*^W^l l he medicine resulted, in a short
W^tA £^*Y^^!^^f/^>^Kt tlnie, in complete recovery.
IRA EDGAR RIDER i§l| \ | RIDEI ,
Kidney Diseases Prey upon Muscles, Brain and Nerves-
Keep you Weak, Languid and Nervous. Doan's
Kidney Pills Cure Sick Kidneys
A man or wman may be, to all out- 1 CAN ITU ANrKPft
ward appearances, perfectly well, and O*\T% P l^J\n\^l3\^\J
y«t feel weak, nervous and below the TTF^TIIVIOIMY
mark; may lack ambition and suffer * **v» * UTAW** l
touches of backache and urinary disor-
ders. That person is not well at all. John P. Bryson, cook, of 537 A Natoma
V«ry likely the kidneys are sick, for the street, says: "I had pain In the kidneys
first effect of eiek kidneys Is conges- for eight months before I used Doan's
tlen and impure blood, which caiusee Kidney Pllla. Sometimes It was worse
nervousness, backache and headaches, than others and sometimes of longer dv-
A second effect is uric poisoning 1 , which ration, but as the area affected was right
brings rheumatic pains, sediment In the across the small of the back "over the
urine, gravel, stone In the kidney, gout, kidneys I knew those organs were the
etc An advanced stage of kidney cause of the entire trouble. A short time
trouble Is marked by daily loss of al- after I used Doan's Kidney Pills the
bemen through the urine and conse- aching disappeared ar.d what to me Is
qttent failure of energy, weight and ap- of considerable more Importance Is this
petite. fact: I have had complete immunity from
Examine the urine. If It is too red, pain during the last six months."
or too pale. If there is a bad odor,
or a deposit of sediment, and if pass- \u25a0
ages are too frequent or scanty. It's
time to treat the kidneys. Use A TRIAL, FREE— To prove what
Doane's Kidney Pills, a kidney remedy Doan's Kidney Pills will do for you, we
that has cured many a stubborn case will mail a free trial box on application,
among your own townspeople. Address given below. •
Sold by all flrnggUtg. Price. 50c Fonter-Mllburn Co., Buffalo, X. V., Prop'»_
"SWTFTWATER BILL'S"
EX-WIFE WEDS AGAIN
Becomes Spouse of a Laundry
Wagon Driver in
Vancouver.
SEATTLE. Oct. 26.— 1n violation of her
divorce decree, granted last Sat
urday, but not filed until Mon
day, Dora Beatrice Gates, for
j' mer wife of "Swiftwater Bill," was
yesterday married at Vancouver, B. C,
to Harry Cook, a driver for a local laun
dry, with whom she was keeping com
pany during the months "Swiftwater"
was earninp another fortune in the noijh.
She left here with Cook Monday morn
ing.
Oook is said to be the son of a San
Francisco banker who had a falling out
, with'his father and came north and chang
ed his name. This is the story he has told
to several fellow workers, but none of
them- remember who his father is.
The Knabe-Angelus I
Q The union of two perfect instruments— |
the Peerless Knabe Piano and the An- |
gelus Piano-PJayer, buiit wholly within 1
the piano case— has been accomplished 1
in such manner as to leave the artistic I
. architecture of the piano unmarred and its I
utility for ordinary hand playing, as ever, |
perfect .*"*,* jt j* j* & jt jt 1
€L Touch a button and the instrument is 1
transformed instantly from piano to piano- |
player, insert a perforated music roll and I
the world's music is yours. Simplicity, |
ease of operation, perfection of control |
and phrasing— all are there, making The I
Knabe-Angelus superior in every re- I
spect. to all combination pianos. Your 1
old piano will be taken in part payment. • . I
Balance on easy terms. . j* j*. * -.-'\u25a0#-.. 1
931-933 Market St., San Francisco, CaL * VH
Branches: Oakland. Eacramentoi San Diego, Santa Rosa. U
San Jose; Reno. Kev.;Phoehlx.7Arlz. , usaf ,H
NATIVES FLEE BEFOKE
A PUNITIVE FOKCE
French and English Sailors
Unite and Defeat
Savages. .
VICTORIA, B. C, . Oct. 26.— The news
of a joint Anglo-French punitive expedi
tion in the New Hebrides, in which
British and French seamen from H. M.
S. Pegasus and the French warship
Muerthe had some skirmishes with na
tives during September, was received by
the steamship Moana, which arrived to
day fr«m Australia. Xone of the seamen
were injured. With the advance of the
main force with Maxim guns the natives
retreated to the interior and the aban
doned villages were burned.
LONDON*. Oct. 20.— The bye election at
Hampstead for a member of Parliament t<v
succeed Thomas Mcllvatn. who has been ap
pointed a Judge, resulted in the election of
the Cr.ionist candidate. J. B. Fletcher, by 422
votes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, ; 1005;
RIVAL CONVENTIONS
ARE ORGANIZED.
DECLINE TO TAKE PLEDGE
Split Among Delegates to Interstate
Commerce Law Assemblage.
CHICAGO. Oct. 26.— Refusing to stand
for President Roosevelt's policy for the
regulation of railroad rates, a large num
ber of delegates to the Interstate Com
merce Law Convention were barred from
the convention of that organization to
day and thereupon held a separate meet
ing to give expression to their ideas on
the subject. The original convention was
held in Steinway Hall, while the "anti"
convention met in 'Music or Studebaker
Hall, several blocks away.
Aware of alleged attempts to thwart the
purpose of the convention, the delegates
at Steinway Hall refused to 1 admit dele
gates,' although properly accredited, un
less they would agree to .support the
President's rate plan. These delegates ob
jected to the procedure,/ demanding they
be given the right of iree. speech, while
the opposition charged they were sent
by the railroads and other alleged unfair
Interests to pack the convention. A num
ber of exciting scenes followed before the
meetings weer called to order. The num
ber of delegates at each convention was
about equal, ranging between four and
five hundred. Speeches, organization and
resolutions. Including one which was pre
sented in the Studebaker Hall convention
asking the President to settle the dis
pute as to which was the regular con
vention, but upon which no action was
taken, occupied the time of the first
meetings of the convention. The con
vention will continue in session to-mor
row, when resolutions will be adopted by
the Steinway Hall convention in favor
of the President's policy.
RAILROAD FACTION' MEETS.
The so-called "Railroad" faction of the
delegates to the convention met at the
green room of the Auditorium Annex this
morning -to prepare for a conflict with
the "Regulars" at Convention Hall. Prior
to the meeting at the Auditorium Annex
coal dealers who are identified with the
"Railroad" element met at the Great
Northern Hotel and after satisfying them
selves that their credentials were sat
isfactory, proceeded In a body to the
Annex, where D. M. Parry, president of
the National Manufacturers' Association,
and other so-called "Railroad" delegates
were assembled.
Parry, mounted upon a table, acted
as chairman of the meeting, with a
cane as a gavel.
"We are advocates of free speech,"
said Parry, "and we demand our right
to be heard. I understand that we are
to be deprived of uor right to be heard
In the convention unless we sign a cer
tain pledge. "What Is your pleasure?"
W. A. Meese of Michigan moved that
the delegates go to the convention in a
body and If refused admittance retire
to Studebaker Hall, where a second
convention could be held. This mo
tion was met with some opposition and
was tabled. A motion that the dele
gates gro as individuals was made and
carried./
Badges, reading "Interstate Law
Convention, Supervision, Not Commer
cial Revolution," were thereupon .dis
tributed. Wearing the badges con
spicuosly, all the delegates at the Au
ditorium Annex meeting, headed by D.
M. Parry and Robert Lake of Michigan,
marched in a body to Steinway Hall,
where the so-called "Bacon" or "reg
ular" delegates were assembled.
POLICE GUARD THE DOORS.
Vollowing the plan decided upon by
an executive committee to avoid a clash
with the dissenting, or Parry faction,
no delegates had been admitted to the
convention except those who subscribed
to what the officers of the organization
called "the creed and articles of faith,"
which indorsed President Roosevelt's
message asking enabling legislation by
Congress enlarging the powers pf the
Interstate Commerce Commission, so
that It may regulate the freight rates,
subject to Judicial review. In addition
to police, half a dozen "regular" dele
gates guarded every door leading to
the hall and all who had not signed
the Indorsement of President Roose
velt's message were denied, admission.
-mong the first delegates to subscribe
to the principles of the convention and
gain admittance was L. W. Noyes, rep
resenting the Illinois Manufacturers'
Association. Mayor Dunne also was an
early arrival and he congratulated the
officers, on their decision to bar dele
gates charged with being in sympathy
with the railroads. '
"I will see that you have all the po
licemen needed to hold your convention
without Interference from the railroad
lobbyists." said Mayor Dunne.
Judge S. H. Cowan received the fol
lowing telegram from Washington just
before the convention was called to or
der: .
Jtidß'e.T. H. Cowan: I hope that th» c«"n
vntlon w'll re«!st to the utmost the admitUtnc*
of any delegate who will not i'pi"the p-o-
P«*«<J pledge. Lot the railroad hired men px
hllilt their free pasre? and jro home. If they
outnumber you by violence, go elsewhere and
hold a Roosevelt convention.
W. K. CHANDLER.
Former United States Senator from New
Hampshire.
REFUSE TO SIGN PLEDGE.
The first disturbance was created by
F. J. Kiesel of Ogden, Utah, said to.be
a representative of the railroad fac
tion. He entered the ante-room of the
hotel and demanded that the statement
which delegates were asked to sign
be read aloud. The clerk In charge
of the registration declined and Kiesel
shouted "All in favor of my sugges
tion, say aye." Three voices responded.
Then somebody asked for those op
posed and there was a lusty shout of
"no" from a score or more of delegates.
"I \u25a0 will never surrender my rights as
an American citizen by putting my
name in that book,', shouted Delegate'
Kiesel. -± will not slg-n away my birth
right."
Followed by several friends the dele
gate then left the room. In the ab
sence of E. C. Bacon, chairman of the
executive committee, who Is ill. Judge
S. H. Cowan of Texas, who called the
convention to order*, said:
I know that the delegates ' who are her*
will abide by the action of the executive com
mittee and indorse the railroad ra\e re&ula '
tlon advocated by our great President. Tlico
dore Roceevelt. . We might have hart mor«
delegate* had we . the means to bring them
here. We -paid our ; expenses and. we hnve a
thoroughly representative body present. . Ihopt
the convention, will be peaceful, and that - Its
deliberations will result . in much good. ? '
PARRY DELEGATES RETIRE.
The mention of President Roosevelt's
name was greeted with long: continued
applause. . \u25a0 " s.
;R. W.Hlgbee of. New .York, was "cho
sen, chairman of the • convention!"; Mean
while the- Parry "procession .of dele
gates had reached Steinway Hall. Tha
doorkeeper offered F. : H. j Mason,' secre
tary- of the j Buffalo' Chamber; of,
merce, a pledge v already ; prepared. :C Af
ter looking/at the ; pledge. I Mason' tsaid:
"I iam a regularly accredited
and I ask to be admitted,*'-' offering his
credentials; at the same ,/time. *.':'-> '» •vr .-;
.'"You.'raustlsfgn this' to. be, admitted."
"I 'will not do so/M'roturned/; Mason.
-H. .C, ,'EI wood,' chairman: of , the^ Buff a
lo;delegation, was : 'refused .admittance.
Then one by one- the -other, Parry fdele-^
gates ' went to \u25a0 the 'Jdoor;f and : ; ' were ::\u25a0 re
fused: When , the last-man- had-' been
refused admittance? the 'Parry :nartv
went in a body to Studebaker Hall
where nearly 200 delegates assembled
for a so-called "Rump" convention.'
F. J. Bradley of Haverhlll, Mass., was
elected temporary .chairman of the
Studebaker Hall convention and made
a brief speech advocating calm and
dispassionate discussion of the matters
under consideration.
T. B. Aldrich of Colorado was select
ed secretary. \u25a0
: Delegate W. A. Meese characterized
the meeting at Steinway Hall as "a
meeting ruled by two policemen and
one man." ; .
Delegate Meese offered a resolution
to appoint a committee to present the
debarred delegates' grievances, to the
Bacon meeting- in session at Steinway
Hall. • Motions and amendments fol
lowed thick and fast. The main point
of conflict was the right of the dele
gates to vote as State representatives.
It was finally decided, after the Meese
motion had been defeated, to have -a
rollcall of States for the appointment
of one delegate from each State as a
member of a committee on credentials.
After the appointment of the cre
dentials committee a recess until 2
o'clock was taken.
SIAYOR DUXXE ATTENDS.
At Steinway Hall, meanwhile. Mayor
Dunne warmly welcomed the delegates
who signed the Roosevelt pledge. •
E. P. Campbell of Ohio. In responding
to Mayor Dunne's address of welcome,
said: . • •,
It is unfortunate that the railroad interest*
attempted to interfere with- this 'convention.
It is a mistake to attempt to combat public
opinion. We are here to indorse President
Roosevelt's plan of governmental regulation 01
railroad rates. I am in favor of Koine even
further than the President, but I am also
heartily in favor of supporting him.
John W. Kern, fepresentlng the In
dianapolis Commercial Association, -.ex
plained that D. M. Parry is a member of
the Indiana 'organization and that after
a sharp contest Parry's efforts to Instruct
the delegates against the Roosevelt rate
regulation plan were defeated by a vote
of 10 to l.
CONVENTION CALL EXPLICIT.
Former Governor S. R. Van Sant of
Minnesota said:
There is no ambiguity in the call for tht»
convention. No one has been deceived 01
brought here under false pretenses. Our flgru
is an open one and our platform proclaimed
to the world. We stand squarely upon that
platform and will fight it out upon that line.
After the secretary had read the call
for the convention the chairman ap
pointed committees on credentials and
permanent organization and the conven
tion took a recess.
About 500 delegates signed the pledge
which made them eligible to enter the
Steinway Hall convention.
The so-called "anti" convention recon
vened in the afternoon in Studebaker
Hall and the "regular" met an hour later
in Steinway Hall.
While the Studebaker Hall meeting was
in session the Steinway Hall convention
perfected organization by the' election of
the following officers:
Chairman, W. E. Hughes, Colorado;
vice chairman, John W. Kern. Indiana;
secretary,- P. E. Goodrich. Indiana. ..
,The report of the committee on creden
tials was read and approved and all dele
gates in the hall were seated. v
CALIFORNIA* OX COMMITTEE.
Among those on the committee on reso
lutions were appointed J. W. Call, Cali
fornia, and H. A. Holmes, Kansas. . A
communication was received from the
other railroad advocates at Studebaker
Hall, saying It was "the convention," and
asking the "regulars" to join with them.
This caused much discussion, and the
"enemy" was hotly denounced by J. W.
Call of California and others.
A committee was appointed to reply to
the communication.
The convention then adjourned until
to-morrow morning.
PARRY .MAKES SPEECH.
At the Studebaker Hali convention 435
delegates were placed on the roll call.
N. W.. McLeod of St. Louis was chosen
chairman and G. X. Wendellng of Cali
fornia one of the vice presidents. ' .
D. M. Parry, leader of the delegates,
then made a speech, in which he said in
part:
I am here to reflect the opinion of those
shippers who believe In carefully considered
action and who also believe that every indus
try, including even the railroad iudustry, is
entitled to tair treatment and the enjoy jnenl
of those rights of property which . are accord
ed to other industries. . ,
' I confidently believe that all of the fair
minded men, if they give due study to the
question, will come to the conclusion that the
power to make rates should continue to lodge
where It is. and that thereby the general in
terests jof the country will be best subserved,
the' right 'Of communities to enjoy the advan
tages of population, wealth and geographical
location will bo respected; the less developed
sections will not be at the mercy of the more
powerful sections, and rates will on the whole
gradually decline while the services rendered
by the carriers will develop In efficiency.
. AJfter the speech an adjournment was
taken until to-morrow.-
ILLEGALLY HOLD
FORECLOSED LAND
Insurance Companies Violate
the State Statutes of
Illinois.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26.— The Daily News
says: Millions' of dollars' worth of real
estate property Is held by private cor
porations In Chicago, it is alleged, in
direct- violation of the law. The bulk
of. this property, it was discovered to
day, is in the name of Insurance j com
panies or. their officials.
The- Illinois statutes provide that the
companies shall offer for sale at pub
lic -vendue at 'least once : a year, the
property; owned by \ them or which has
come into j» their | possession through
fpreclosure.* This must be done for
four years consecutively^ and if after
five years .the corporations still hold
the property the State's Attorney shall
proceed against them.'- So .far .as known
the. State's Atorney of, Cook County has
never. proct:edeil' nn r ~a. ! :ist' any insurance
company or othor corporation -'.under
the statute. . . \ :
EMJIOXS JUROR :.I)U.\ias,llE;: .I)U.\ias,IIE; V
. DECRIED THE USE OF LIftUOB
Attorney- Johnson Seeks to . Save . His
~ ; Client i, by Saylnff He Is a :
aSjfgjlyV' Victim of Conspiracy. 3g§3||
\u25a0 . SACRAMENTO, Oct. . 26.— The taking of tes
timony . in • the ; ease* of former .< Senator E.~- J.
Emmons of Kern," convicted of bribery,*, under
a motion for_a : new _ trial ; was concluded 'this
afternoon. . . Amariah'' Johnson, i a :" juror,'* denied
he had ever made a statement that too much
liquor ' was used In > the Jury room. H« also
denied v having. said after, the trial that one of
the : jurors ; had be«n ' drunk. _ v . • .: \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0>.-.,-
• Grove L,. Johnson,', attorney for Emooni,
then commenced his argument, ; which continued
through most of-, the i afternoon". He : contended
there had .been a conspiracy « against Emmons
by \u25a0 Gavin McNab. Clarence Grange and •; Wil
liam ; Corbln of . the building and -. loan * as3o-~
elation.- He :. argued that •> the : testimony c- of
former *\u25a0 Senator \u25a0 Harry " Bunkers • against * Em
monjj, could , not s stand : as ;he v was \ a •>' co-con
solrator.
A RE you looking fora family tree, or aj
JT^ Revolutionary ancestor? Would you
like to be a "Selected Salic Scion,*' a
chosen vessel, a royal seed, one in the
most exalted circle of men and women
upon our coasts ? Then remember what
; Owen Wister- says in Lady Baltimore:
"Whenever a few people gather together and style?
themselves something, and choose a president, and
, -eight or nine vice-presidents, and a secretsfry an< i
a treasurer,^nd a committee on elections, and then
let it be known that almost nobody else is qualified
to belong, to it, there springs up immediately in.
hundreds and thousands of breasts a fiery craving
to cret into that body.* 1
Mr. Wister's new love story of Southern
Society— -his first novel since The Virginian
—begins in this week's issue of i
THE SATURDAY
EVENING POST
Of All Dealers at 5 Cents the Copy
THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY, PHILADELPHIA, PA.
AUBREY RIGE
IS ARRAIGNED
BOSTON, Oct.' 26. — Charged with the
larceny of $4000 from the Puritan
Trust Company of this city, Aubrey
L. Rice was arraigned to-day. The po
lice charged that. on July 31. Rice de
posited with the trust company stock
of the old Norfolk arid Western Rail
road Company which had' become 1
worthless through the reorganization
of. the company as the Norfolk and
Western Railway Company. Rice was
given credit for 513,000 for the stock
and It is alleged that he drew out $4000
in cash. When the alleged fraud was
discovered, Rice and a man named Gil
man had left the city and had, gone to
San Francisco, where they were ar
rested at the request of the Providence,
R. 1., police, who charged them with
having secured $6500 in Providence by
similar means to those employed here.
TRENTON, N. J.. Oct. 26. — A run on
the Trenton Trust and Safe Deposit
; Company, which began here yesterday
in a' mild way, reached such an extent
to-day that there were hundreds of de
positors gathered around the bank
waiting to draw out their money. The
officers of the institution kept the bank
open until 6 o'clock to accommodate
those who wanted to. withdraw their
deposits. President^ Hugh Hamill said
to-day that there was no valid reason
for the run, which evidently had been
started by some wild or careless talk
among the bank's small depositors.
' CLEVELAND, Oct. 26. — The Indem
nity Savings and Loan Company, which
recently passed Into the hands of a re
ceiver, according to the report of the
trustees filed in the . Circuit Court to
day owes • its 3000 depositors, most of
whom live In Ohio, $665,329, of '-which
$308,789 is due at. once If the company
waives its right to sixty days' notice
on the pass books. To meet this lia
bility the" company has $90,408 of cash
on \ hand, and $46,805 of negotiable se
curities Immediately convertible into
money,' consisting' of real estate and
collateral loans. :
Agitator Kill* a Chinese.
I VICTORIA. B. C. Oct. 20.— The steamship
Moana to-day brought j news ' from Wellington
New Zealand.. of the murder of an old Chine?"
by Lionel Terry, an 'English .labor agitator,
who has lectured and worked In the Unltea
States, particularly on . the Pacitlc Ccast.
Terry said that he .killed the Chinese -as a
protest against alien . Immigration. He was
educated at Oxford: and served In the Jame
son raid and Matabele war.
• BUCKHANNON, W. Va.. Oct. 26.— John
Weir, t president -. of the :' Wesleyan University
here, ; was to-night burned .; in £iflgy on the
campus by the students as the result of ill,
feeling following the president's decision prac
tically abolishing football. . :
M If you are in the habit of smoking
\u25a0 while dressing, you will appreciate the
II COAT SHIRT •
I " On and off like a Coat."
H •; No . tugging ' and "i pulling \ over the
3 £ head ; -\u25a0 no breaking^ of 1 bosom . *
\u25a0fl .551150 ; and up : at- the v best stores.
I . L !; White arid fancy fabrics.';
\u25a0 *;LCiI7ETT,; L Cil7ETT, PEABODT 4 COJf Trty, N.\. :
B -. \ LuVHt aakan of SUrta and (Mian la th* world. ,v
THREE .MEN AND A WOMAN
ARE ACCUSED OF KIDNAPING
Charged With Girl of Se*en
ieen From Hotel Where They
Stayed Few Days.
SEATTLE. Oct. 26.— Harry Clifford. Harry
Lbomlß and a woman who passed In Issaquah
as the wife of Loomis. were charged In a
complaint issued this mornlnr with kidnaping
seventeen-year-old Minnie Trigg from Issa
quah Sunday." Xo trace of tfce three person*
for whom warrants were Issued to-day or ot
the missing girl has been found since the>
reached "Seattle. Loomis and Clifford came to
Issaquah about a month ago and obtained
employment In a neighboring lumber camp.
They lodged at the hotel conducted by th*
missing girl's father. Sunday the three in
duced the young girl- to go for a buggy ri*>?.
The horse and buggy were found near the shore
of Lake Washington. From that point tn«
party was traced to Seattle, where It was.im
possible to get any further track of them.
Company C Mustered Out.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 26.— Company C. Na
tional Guard of California. -located at Nevada
City, was mustered out of tha service to-da>
for failing to meet the Federal requirement*
for efficiency.
Because You Pay the
Wholesale Price
There's just one kind of shoes that have all the Regal ad-
vantages of correct style, glove-like fit, and good j»w
long wear:- — the rnade-to-order shoes produced MfJ
by a few fashionable bootmakersr Mw/
But those same made-to-order shoes cost you /si/
never less than $10 a pair, and they aren't _*"*s§i§«
eight cents better in any particular — .^^^lpiisfll
model, material, measurement or jgZl&amegiuESs&L
workmanship— for Regals are copied
from the same exclusive originals. 1 aJßrnain |p|§ff|jv
Regals are a good deal better than j^IJSJBBBBfiK. :
"six-dollar shoes at the wholesale ra|^fflBSHHHK» -'*"
price," — for there isn't a six-dollar ,^^^^^^^-^^^st^^m \u25a0
shoe made that can be offered to you J^jHSmHmKSBwSSI i
in the new styles as. early as the JgIs!»6SMBMBEasBHM "
Regal. by two months, and not "\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'Jbßßß^KSK^^l
one that affords you the Regal S^^^KSSS^mS^^lM
quarter- size choice of fittings. *
system saves the delays and the ">/^^^^^^^^^^^" > /^^^^^^^^^^^- Af> Srs
profits and the commissions v!^sO
between al^ v « r °" C *^^^^^^^^^~~ EARL 1
its retail price. i^^^^^^§^^^^^> JJ^^^^*^***^
SPECIAL CX73TOM BSHCH. .^Kln< Ca^lt^tSb^il
HADE REOALS. **.-S«T«.ty. \^ kl^^S^M^ , ? *T m Vi **• ** »«*•-
ire Still ityie»-»a<l tha ng. iloaalnuui'i iho«, \h» «tadenft
nlar prlc«, rifht through tho fW-^ >SPS?^H^ tho»— ts&t» for ti« m%a of wot*
whola lilt, 1* $3.00 v ntuj. K^SSJSr^MJ^SwSSSw^^ OT l«ti«P». ConbU iol« of Swal
Bat to meet an iulatent dnaAad K39S|BB!ks§S^^ o»k-b«k-t»an*l l»tier with moderate
we hays mala ap IS ip«ci*l mod- I txUasloa.uid iiulda usd outfitte !Xi^lL»:»y».
50 centi enables us t« t«fl<! * '
Send for Style-BooK Mail Orders Promptly Filled
In the world. 07 store. In principal cities from iLondoa to Saa TranciKso.
\u25a0«20 MarlSTtwet SAY PBivmrn WOME.YS STORES '
17 O'Farrell St£S SAN FRANCISCO S2» Market Street :
iißimiilsll^B^Bnaal nininanßsssVsssjsVHlMl
Save $2 50. the middleman', profit • by
buying from us. Trunk built wtthhtavj
brasi . .trimmings. water-proof canvai
cover, tray with hat box. extra dress tray
- cloth-faced. - Fine line traveling bags and
suit cases 50 ver. cent cheaper than eIae-
&ARTYGO.
Trunk and Bag Manufacturers,
Repairing. Phone Folaom 2813.
MINISTER DENIES STEALING
RIG FROM FRONT OF CHURCH
Prodncen Bill of Sole and Declare* He
It <>u slit Property Found la His
SAN JOSE. Oct. 2«.— Rev. A. Wilbur Bloom,
the Christian minister, who la on trial for
grand larceny-, took the stand la his own be
half to-day and denied stealing a horse and
buggy. The lig belonged to Franl: McComo
of Cupertino, and was stolen from In front
of tha Catholic Church In Mountain View. In
accounting for the buggy and harness, which
was. found In his possession. Bloom declared he
hal bought them from C. E. SpauMing o*
Campbell, on August 21. Ha produced g bill
«f sale for the rig. Bloom declared tie had
paid for the rig in gold coin.. He has not aeon
Spauldlng. since and does not know where he
lives. Bloom, however, had confessed at tha
time of his -arrest to stealing the- bora* and
buggy. \u25a0 : \u25a0 • \u25a0\u25a0- ~ .
Try the United States Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420. •
CHICAGO. Oct. 28.— The Grand Lodgp oi
Good Templars to-day elected as national
grand chief templar George Cottrell of Waaa
lngton.
THE
Lbs Ahgclcs Times
SAX. FISAA'CXSCO. OFFICE
' IS NOW IN"
Room 4 i, Chronicle Bids* .
Telephone Main 1473.
'Arthur L. Fish. Representative
The Times. ls the' advertising
medium of ' the : Southwest.MURDERERS SHY
AT VIVISECTION
Not ; Enamored of Idea
Suggested by the President
of Nebraska University
VIEWS OF THREE MEN
One Willing to Be Operated
Upon if Freedom Would
Follow His Recovery
Epeclal Despatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. :6.-"Shou!d condemned
murderers be vivisected?"
This question, by Chancellor E. Benja
min Andrews of the University of Ne
braska, in an address in Lincoln. Neb.,
>esterday, was put to three condemned
murderers at the county jail to-day. They
discussed it with vigor.
• Johann Iloch. "Jocko"* Briggs and John
Mueller, the first two of whom have ob
tained a respite and the other having
been sentenced on Saturday to be hanged
December 15, failed to agree on the ad
visability of submitting themselves to.
Burgeons. Mueller and Briggs" repudiated
tfce idea. Hoch favored it to a certain
\u25a0extent.
It was explained to Mueller, on his say
ing he would "rather face the rope,"
that Professor Andrews suggesteu that it
would be well where criminals volun
teered to be made subjects of anatomical
study to expunge their criminal records.
Tht suggestion carries with it some hope
of freedom where u.e criminals recovered
from intricate operations. A light of hope
ehot into Mueller's face.
' I'd take a chance on tnat, I believe."
he said, at last. "If 1 recovered I might
be happy again, and I'd know I had done
humanity some good, anyway."
Briggs walked up to the bars. The
question of vivisection was explained to
him.
"I wouldn't stand for it," he declared,
positively. "I'd rather take the rope, if
all hope were gone."
VVhen Briggs was speaking Hoch re
garded him contemplatively. Then he
turned and paced a short distance down
the corridor.
"I don't want any speculation about It,"
declared Johann, as he turned to give
his final opinion. "I wouldn't want to
hope for recovery. I would want to know
the doctors would never let me wake up.
I'd be willing, for the sake of humanity,
to let the doctors chloroform me and
get to work on my body. What's a man's
,l!fe worth if he gets out and everybody
points Ire finger at him and calls him a
murderer? I'd rather have the doctors
than the rope if the high court decided
'against me."
IS BROTHER-IN-LAW
OF HIS OWN DAUGHTER
Queer Complication Results
From a Los Angeles
3lan*s Marriage.
Eprclai Lcsiatct. to The Call.
EAST ORANGE, N. J., Oet 26.— Miss
Marie Van Zandt Cobb of this place
and Archibald MacLeisch of Los Ange
les, Cal- were married this afternoon
at the residence of the bride. Dr. Mac
!.<-.:scb is a prominent , oculist, well
known In the West. Miss Cobb's
brother, Sanford Ellsworth Cobb. re
cently returned from Europe with his
bride. His wife Is a daughter of Dr.
MacLeisch, so the_ father will become
the brother-ln-ls.w" of his own daugh
ter.
I NOW READY J
I NOVEMBER t
ICENTUKY
BEGINNING
Itenwicksl
I' career: I
3% A NOVEL M
S-MRS HUMPHRY M
WM\ • ; WARD • • ffl
{macmkxan *v» c* vrv it MMcmra •• vomoon
THE CGOVKf COWIQN SQU\RE-NEyYDRK
-Tfcc Ccatmy is a mcwlij
to noden nea nd wemo"
'Special a/ -|3J/||
A very dainty but >^*
well-made Knife, and'of %
latest pattern. Has
three finely tempered \Jt
steel blades and nail Vi
file. Handle Is of pearl. ifU:
A splendid value at \ a
this special price C| CQ Ja
* My line of /£L.
Shears and s
Scissors Is /^^
large and very / \^ I
choice. . rang- //^ • I
ing from 05 n I '
Rar.ora and Knlve*
. . Honed and Ground. V
Rscor* boned for 2*jic
slafl orders promptly filled.
(THAT MAN PITTS I
I V. W. PITTS.' The Stationer.
I(M»S Market S«« San FranrUco.
FOR SHERIFF
Peter J. Curtis
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
CHORUS GIRL HAS NARROW
ESCAPE FROM DEATH.
Estelle Bender Pinned Beneath Heavy
Automobile on Ocean Boulevard.
MISS ESTELLE BEXDEK OF THE STAR SHOW GIRLS COMPANY WHO WAS
SERIOUSLY INJURED EARLY YESTERDAY MORNING BY THE OVER
TURNING OF AN AUTOMOBILE ON THE OCEAN BOULEVARD.
Estelle Bender, a chorus girl In the
"Star Show Girls" company, appearing
at the California. Theater, met with a
serious accident through the overturn
ing of automobile No. 3285 at about 2
o'clock yesterday morning on the Ocean
boulevard.
Miss Bender, and three other girls of
the company, Florence Hamilton, Ray
Bowdln and Effle Brown, according to
the police, engaged Chauffeur Ben
Mendoza, who was standing outside
Spider Kellv's saloon, Eddy street, to
take them for a drive to the park and
boulevard.
They went to Tom's Cabin. Stanyan
and Fell streets, where the party had
some drinks. Three young men drove
up In an auto, one of them, known as
"Hook Hand," and followed the four
girls out to Sheehan's Tavern, where
they all got out and partook of liquid
refreshment. After Indulging in sev
eral drinks three of the girls joined
the men. Miss Bender speeding along
with Mendoza toward Dibble's resort.
On reaching a point between H and I
streets the auto collided with a sand
bank and turned over, pinning Miss
Bender beneath Its ponderous weight.
She remained In her perilous posi
tion for half an hour, during which
time Chauffeur Mendoza ran around the
neighborhood calling for assistance
and knocking at doors. Fremont Older,
\u25a0who occupies a car at the beach, was
one to respond to the call and hurried
with Mendoza to give whatever aid was
In his power.
With some effort the automobile was
lifted, off the prostrate form -of
the girl and she was conveyed to the
Park Emergency Hospital by an auto
mobillst who was hailed by Older.-
Besides being fearfully bruised with
contuslonson the hlps.elbow and back,
It Is possible that Miss Bender sus
tained serious Internal injuries. She
was taken later to the St. James Hotel.
After the overturning of the machine
she became unconscious, and on regain-
COLONIAL
BEDSTEADS
in dull \u25a0 finish : Ma-
hogany are charm- '
ingly old-fashioned 7
with their spindle. -
•, posts, turned head. .
and "foot boards/
etc. Entire sets
canbe seen at
SLG^VNE'S
1:14 to 122 Post Street
lA/. T.HESS,
Notary Pnbllc and Attorney-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, CUui Spreckels bid?.
\u25a0 Telephone Main CS3.. \u25a0> ,
Ruidence, ISO2.McAIIIBUr It.
Rettdenc* Telephone Pa«« CML -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. '. OCTOBER ' 27,- ; 1905.
ing possession of her mental faculties
for the first time realized fully the dan
ger of her position. With a strong ef
fort she attempted to release herself
from .the weight which rea'ted upon
her, but fainted, and remained in a stu
por for some time. •
Florence Hamilton tells a different
story than .that gathered by the police.
She claims that the party of four
girls was invited to take a spin after
the performance by Harry Morton, as
sistant treasurer of the California The
ater; and his friend, Clarence Brown;
She and Miss Bender, she says, occu
pied the automobile driven by Mendoza,
and the other two went in another ma
chine. During the drive she became
alarmed because of , what she describes
as. the "peculiar working of 'the auto"
and insisted on- getting out and join
ing her other companions In the second
auto. It, was then, says Miss Hamilton,
that the chauffeur began to travel at
racing speed and the overturning fol
lowed. • , \u25a0
Miss Hamilton, while admitting that
her party stopped to partake of re
freshments, declares that all had
"soft drinks."
GOLDEN STATE LIMITED
Will Reauine Daily 'Service Xov. 20th.
The Golden State Limited will. resume dally
service from Ban Francisco to Chicago, via
Los Ancele*, El Paso, Kansas City and at.
Louis, November 29; from Los Angeles, No
vember 30. A» In the past, this train will be
equipped with the latest . product of the Pull
man shooe. \u0084,.... •
HARRIMAN ? S TRAIN
REACHES NEW YORK
Miss Roosevelt \VVill Continue
on to Washington
This Morning.
NEW YORK, 0ct., 26, — The E. H. Har
rlman special train, with Miss Alice
Roosevelt on board, arrived in. Jersey
City over the Erie Railroad to-night at
7:45. o'clock. Harriman j and ,the mem
bers of his family left the train at Ar
den, N. V. f where ' Harriman's country
home is ' located, ; The only members of
the original Taft' party who came
through on the train were Miss Roose
velt . and her traveling \u25a0 companions,
Misses J Boardman and' McMillan, Con
gressman Gillette, of New York and J.
C. McKnight. *; ; :
Miss' Roosevelt v was; driven direct to
the home. of her: aunt, Mrs. Douglas
Robinson, 109 East' Thirty-first street,
New York,- where .she will spend the
night, leaving , for Washington at 9
o'clock to-morrow morning,
c- Members of s. the ' party .denied that
Miss Roosevelt -had been; sick during
the trip. . , " ••\u25a0 \u25a0 • \u25a0'•,*/.?>?".!\u25a0
long; tramp awaits
alaska travelers
Steamer v ;{Frbzeh In, Coni
pelling'Passengers to
Take to Boats/
Special Dispatch to, The Call.
TACOMA,' Oet ;26.Steamer', Light, one
of the" last; boats r leaving Dawson; for
Fairbanks,* Is 'frozen^ in.^ on;.Tanana at
Nenan, sixty .-miles £ below.; Chena.'; She
has 100 passengers? and; 6oo ;tbns of freight
on : board. 'The passengers "must walk. to
Chena. The .; steamers and * In
dependent ;have,gone; into; winter,' quarters
some . distance below | Chena." Trie North
ern Commercial * Company i r has changed
Its . programme fof i wintering." its Yukon
steamers at: Stewart River." : Instead they
will .be xiuarteredVon the; west side of the
Yukon,* opposite Dawa0n, >.;...,.., \u0084 . .
JEROME SURE
OF ELECTION
New York Republicans Will
piace the District * At
torney on Their Ticket
CHANGE IN SENTIMENT
Executive Committee Alters
Its Attitude Toward
the Independent Candidate
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— With only one
dissenting voice and acting under a legal
opinion rendered by Joseph H. Choate, the
executive committee of the • Republican
county convention late to-day decided to
reconvene the New York county conven
tion to-morrow nlsht, the call for the
convention carrying with it the recom
mendation that "William Travers Jerome
be nominated as District Attorney to nil
the vacancy created yesterday by the res
ignation of Charles A. Flammer, who. In
retiring: from the ticket, advised his fol
lowers to vote Cor Jerome.
The committee, which almost unani
mously voted for Jerome to-day, opposed
his nomination by twenty-seven votes to
eight when his name was • suggested for
the Republican ticket a few weeks ago.
•\u25a0 Former President Grover 'Cleveland
has written a letter to Mayor George
B. McClellan. in which 'he indorses the
latter's candidacy for re-election as
Mayor. of New York, saying:, among
other things:
I confess to a feeling: of astonishment when
I ice the evidences or rank hysteria pervad
ing a canvass which should especially jbe
characterized by sober thoughtfulness. Ques
tions of the most far-reaching- importance term
to be pressed upon the city's voters, not so
much as subjects demanding: their serious re
flection and thorough information, as sub
jects furnishing opportunity for appeals to
passion and misinformation cunningly Intended
to aid personal ambitions and unworthy pur
poses.
There are conditions just now prevailing
which n&turally suggest this as a favorable
time for demagogic manipulation of the peo
ple and nowhere are these conditions so in
viting to those who are willing to b« dem
agogues as in the city of New York. \u25a0
Every man who thinks must know that tna
opportunity thus offered to play upon ths
unusually aroused popular prejudices, resent
ments and passions has not been overlooked
and that the constant stimulation of these
things constitutes the chief stock in trade of
some o£ those who are now bidding for th»
people's support. Every thinking man must
also appreciate the fact that there are prin
ciples and theories underlying the pending,
municipal canvass ' which vitally concerns th»
city's future life.
In these circumstances how plainly it i&
the duty of every voter who has the welfare
of your great municipality at heart to avert
the danger threatened by rash notions or by
the neglect of a good citizen's duty to strive
against the tide of demagogic mlsrepresanta
tlon.
It Is because I believe you are looking ltv
this direction of dutiful citizenship and rep
resent the steadiness and honest conservatism
the city needs that I earnestly hope for your
election.
NORDICA TO MARRY
CAPTAIN DE LA MAR
Famous Singer to Become
Bride of Western Mine
Owner.
'special DUpatcb to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— Mme. Lillian
Nordica will soon become the bride of
Captain Joseph' de La Mar, the wealthy
owner of the Idaho silver mlnethat bears
his name. She will preside in one of the
handsomest mansions on Murray Hill.
The engagement of the former sailor,
who now owns a silver mine, and of the
daughter of the Maine farmer, who has
long been one of the world's famous opera
and concert singers,' was learned to-day
on good authority. The 'singer could not
be seen to-day, but Captain de La Mar
would not deny It.
De La Mar,' who is now In the fifties,
began life as a sailor, drifted West years
ago, saw the possibilities of the mineral
deposits of the Far West, studied mining
thoroughly, and finally staked out a claim
In Idaho. There he has uncovered sev
eral millions in -silver.
SIX PERSONS DIE
IN A HOTEL FIRE
Flames Spread Rapidly and
Guests Are Unable to
HOT .SPRINGS. Ark.,' Oct. 26.— Six
bodies have been taken from the ruins
of a railroad hotel located at the cor
ner of Elm and Olive streets which was
damaged by fire to-day. Of these two
are charred beyond recognition.
The dead: , Harry Bradley, a waiter;
Edward Snyder, a porter; Mrs. Mack, a
musician; A. L. Mann, railroad conduc
tor, believed to be from Denver; two
unknown men.
The ruins have not yet been thor
oughly searched and there may be
other bodies in. them.- .
The hotel was a two-story frame
building containing, thirty rooms, all
but one of which were occupied by
from one to four persons each. It was
patronized by .invalids and \u25a0:, cripples
who were under treatment.
The fire is believed to have been
caused by an -exploding lamp. There
was only one narrow exit, that being a
stairway, and dozens were compelled
to jump from the second story, In many
instances in their night clothes. Fred
Owerson of Hot Springs was probably
fatally Injured.
WANTS HIS BROTHERS
CONSIGNED TO PRISON
Sacramento Man Alleges Con
spiracy Involving Estate
of His Mother.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
DENVER, Oct. 26.— Affairs in con
nection /with r the estate of .Mrs. Adele
Lyons,; who died In . Sacramento, Cal.,
In November, 1896; are to be exposed
here through .a~ suit filed by Louis
Lyons ) against . Mrs. Louisa. Hanchett;
David: Lyons, , administrator of V.; the
estate/and Lazarus Lyons. - .
The estate" was valued at $10,000,
Mrs. Lyons bequeathed JBOOO to Mrs.
Hanchet, her daughter, '' and only about
$688\to' ; "eachfof the- other five children.
Louis | Lyons | says j that ! he ; agreed" with
David and Lazarus,, his; brothers, to sue
the . sister ' for. part; of ; what she got and
that ' he , advanced all the money needed.i
He (Charges his .brothers ; with i having
conspired with . the sister secretly j and
helpediher. to s'eir the property ;andi flee
to- Denver. : :He : wantsT43ooo ; damages
and; body judgment against each for
one; year In jail. " - v .
A Lot of; Pretty
.Wooden "things ; to . .burn:';? Bass wood photo
frames,"^ panels, , plain ! , and j edgee,*
trays," nut bowls,: wood boxes, 1 ; glove and collar
boxes, in our artist 'material department,', where
we keep | ths I best - the world | produce* in .up-to
date ; roods.. Cataloruo. - Sanbora, Vail I& > Co.,
T4I Market «tre«t. ', \u25a0 : '«; •^^r>»-
«f I. r - " - Always j largest assortments; here at the right time and right prices.
i ' Two [Petticoat Specials SOc Silk Ties? 25c
tf golden brown, green and black; regularly $H5?35 enbrdy new, made oPdebcate crape alks and pretty
* : \ dozen only on special «ale, for . . -.- • ... - - (Ov siiiahs and taffetas. We have secured 150 dozen
* Sateen skirts, wft fished, three different style, in a«orted black ' •'"?.? colors and. patterns and • . .
J and white stripes ; skirts that look like silk and are regularly $2.00 beginning this morning, instead of 50c
X each. 20 dozen only of them, special to-day.^.' - WfiC each, y OUT choice of a lot at -•• • •
% *:.*\u25a0\u25a0•'\u25a0•' ''.•' ' '.'•' "• '' ' •/\u25a0***• .* In Conjunction With Abovo
J — — — — ... . — r— 25c Embroidered Stocks, 12c
J For a Dollar a Garment Only 100 dozen of these pretty stocks.^ They are all:
£ l¥len's Superior UnderWCar s^k* with tabs; white embroidered, in white, light
tf ,T,, T , , ti i i i , \u0084: , ,» blues, black and Pcisian designs; regularly 25c,
j» . We have assembled the best underwear to sell for a dollar a .^1 . o f2o"
It 3 garment that has ever been in this store. Several 'of the .lines we iO-aay ••••••. • ' * * " " ',' ''\u25a0 ' ?.\
* mention below are sold in exclusive furnishing stores at $1.25 and in . '
J a few of the shops at $1.50 the garment. From the variety we offer "\u25a0'#> ' »' sr* ' 'OX.C
j? we are sure that you can get the style and weight you want for this O<9/G FSilC^f ftUDijOflS
fc* winter's wear in these dollar goods. Sizes run from 34 to 50' ia' i. *I! "
J a shirts and 30 to 46 in drawers. x * 25c to 50c Kinds, 18c to 29c
If Heavy wool ribbed shirts and drawers' (form fitting), salmon c- m:ii* m - c -i.L*Z, c«-^. \\r J£
af color, sold throughout the United State, .t $125 the garment. For Millinery, Sashes, Fancy Work
jf Heavy, almost all wool garments, natural, • vicuna and t-i -j r i^fi*i. J n* d - vl • *
J camel's hair. Particularly well made. Thousands of yards of .• high-grade Fancy Ribbons, m-
tf Heavy fleece lined underwear (Wright's famous make) in a eluding print warp louisines; plaids, stripes and fancy
» good tan color, with satin trimmed collar and front. s taffetas, values from 25c to
* n T^ hCa Y C °t tO r rib^.««rn-fi«ing underwear, with 50c the yard, on sales tables IQ/> to ' OQp
•• silk-fimsh front ; this is the Cooper derby ribbed. \u25a0 • -i : j . Illw
| Light weight merino underwear in natural color onry-the m mai" aisle, to-day at ... V TTs
* weight preferred by stout men. ," AX' '\ T
h Llnette mesh underwear, good fitting, well made and will ,*» . "»'•»'•
5 wear. _ • Groceries and Liquors
i \u25a0 \u0084..-, .... and Butter Sale
$ Don't Get "Cold Feet" Fresh Creamery Butter— For the Fri-
| Water Bags Cheap Here day.and Saturday sale; regular size jmg-^
If You will need one the first storm we have. If the old one has Squares; Special
J sprung a leak, or you haven't a hot water bag in the house, better buy Boiled rtam-Kms». be*. In***! Cotter Whl.key-Sp.dd. We .
X one of these to-day. _;;\u25a0>• \- of3sc«pouod 280 700
.|f Imperial water bags made of pure Para rubber, guaranteed Sardlnes-D. &G. bonder dozen Maryland Club Rye-SpedJ. bj«-
J to wear as Well as bottles that cost twice as much.' jKjf *'?' \u25a0"il^i"'lf° Eastern" Alcohol- SpedJ.Zrt
J» Excelsior fountain syringe, best quahty rubber, complete Cheese-M«itin*i Eutem. lb..2Bo $4.oog»Dan. ipedal.. ..03.5&
I? .outfit. . ;, :\u25a0;.'.\u25a0 / . . . Al Roirr-None better m«fc. 50- Porter-Bat cbmatic. doz .#f .2S
| 2q t. 750 3*. Sso 4qt SUOO ££££!£?'•"*% "SX^r.^
| Whirlpool spray syringe, perfect douche, price. $2.00 gg Slgg^l"! . V" £> *%£&?. .*T??r2BZ'
| $i.so center Boys' Clever Suits for $3.00 I Children's
Z \u0084 ?BS? BS \u25a0], - Where Can You Match Them for $4.00? Shoes
S 36-inch size, stamped - ™"™™^^^^ fc^ Wana *<« the
$ . and l tinted for em- <2f* jUTV^^^^. clully weather that
% broidery-on natu- W5 J&3< : is at hand. WHea
» ral and colored \u25a0 J^T ~i4/ K2f ' Norfolk Sirit.r^^^ • they come in from
g, linens; regularly sell ART /^W^^-r-^>^ of heavy chevioU school, have th c
h $1.25 and $130. Mg& Tw o -/V/ V V* KT^f /// j'^own or gray. pair of warm joHets.
*, to-day. - . 69C SOW pi c c c( A l»« • -IN- f'W /neat mixtures and ;\u25a0«& Come in to-day
fc , 2d tloor su j ts 0 { heavj-.^/jPI. • f plaids. Strong lin- 1^ and get from us red
$1 \u25a0 Ij. cheviot in navy LJ I \u25a0* tAV^^ , ings, extra well t^sS fe!t,black fur bound •
If TsthlO JhL*. ue an<^ Drown [ /C \ 7 X^" mac^ e an<^ perfect Mm& Juliets, with spring
5 X|j^ or gray mixtures / /\\ A fitting suits for .^fi^y heels, for
% OOVerS, IB and plaids, dur- hf Y\ WV- boys 7to 1 4 yrs. sto 8 sizes. Gso
& » Trays, etc., *l I able and made {/ 1/ / \ Bargain at $3. f^jgßy 9to II sizes, 7OC
JJ 25 ° «*» ,? lron g' H f\ HLf J^^ 12 to 2 sizes. 750
If Small lots of hem- } U f Mii'^lLM ii'^IL Infants* juKet. bound
J. stitched linens, new P#k -\u0084 0100 ) 8 - J^ <m \u25a0 -^^^^^^^ with white fur and
J fresh goods, but % ' baSJn afSS ' S~\ ' /^~S tihh ° tt felt
it only a few of a pat- » D f ic«l«n I \ \(^ .) soles, colors blue.
*: tern, value for 50c \| 1 c.lf^ V*^/ \-~ * red and fawn, sizes
J. each; to-day 25c \J &»« BI °- 2tos^, P airgQo
g 3d Floor X y or / \YT^C ' ' f\ SS ™ oi S^ ela .
*> 1 mixtures in / I ; ••! \ V >rown ot ro >' al - SDGCiaJ for
* Collar and I brown and gray (> • *-V ) I Also cheviots in ¥*&& FridaY and
I Cuff Sets 25C '' and some in ,V^\L . MjW/^/the new mixture, SSurdaV
J „ . , , , /&^ light shades; all T-fe^E^A • *(V of brown or gray Mfgl
%>% > Hemstitched and |^ haye bow (~ I \ i navy blue ffi&S Children's vici
stamped for eyelet H ancJ a wh i te <^%rTP \JIJ cheviot. White #f kid lace shoes,
6 and hrenchernbroi-. \tfia Bmter col- YITT V \\ Buster collar and ISsEsW e.-rtra good cuaKry.
* dery. set . . 2SO >BHL Ur.uei2K W \J- \J\ «lk bow. Dressy MSB? - heavy soles, spring
tf Dollies, Ren*™*. 9x yBL £iuiif«l- hfV A/1 '^ for boys 4 J&W heels, full round toe
% purete^tr^Oo «»* for $3 UL O .£**& to 10. $3. and patent leather
k° St»mped linen center P * quality.
£ pieces, pretty floral de- "^^^ jizes B >= to , <T» "|
X ogm, e»ch 1 £Jc»nd So • -J - 11 soecial I
fc* ____^^^^^^^^^^^^^ |BlBBl __ Baaß|aaaßa ___ a_|Baßl_naßM_aaa _ |BaBI _ naBM _ aaI _.alaß. alaBM _ aßaaaaa _ B , Maaa tmmm^LLmmmmmmmt —^
f Furniture 25 per • sit" Children's
$ cent off now— Kitdi- :\\ '- >9^^v*S^7^^^^i^ Hose, 14c
$en Furniture. Mattresses and gL^^ > A^OITLJ/OLJJJJtf One one ****** fast
J Springs excepted. black and assorted Ua, a good
% Carpets 15 per \ Cotton Hose, full seam-
•i Cent Off-Choke of our stock. -^^P^^^^^AMEWCA'S CBANnEST STONS !„,, .^es sto 9}4. pair../4o
I
x
THEIR LOVE BEGAN
IN CHILDHOOD DAYS
Deatli Enables Schoolmates
to Renew Promises
Made Long Ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO. Oct. 2«.— William
Boyd of .Modesto, 111., and Mrs. Minnie
A. Folllwell of Riverside,- who were mar
ried here to-day by Superior Judge Oster,
were sweethearts during school days.
One day the girl's parents moved Into an
other county and the child love was for
gotten. Both married and prospered, the
girl, whose maiden name was Minnie
Butcher, coming to Southern California
with her I husband, Folliwell. Recently
Folllwell died, and Boyd, hearing of It,
llSii % \u25a0 \u25a0 |£e^sfl*3s
"' : r r A D DPTC -Elusive Designs in All the Well Known ¥>f I/^C
\jf\M\iri!* 1 O * Weaves at. Lowest, Prices I\.V\J»>3
LL\EN WARP MATTING— Direct > from Japan : to the ALL.-WOOI, SMYRNA HUG— Size 36xTI inches: Ori-
i. "House on the Square." A grade that 1 ff\/ *. ental \u25a0 : designs; an f-xcellent quality; if\ 1^
' will, give lasting satisfaction. Per yard.. *« /2*' -fringed both ends. , Special : v J- U
•'\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0• ' r . ' Vi \u25a0'\u0084 r . % . TAPESTBV. RUG— In very effective patterns: choice
FIBER CARPET— In the. latest effects; suitable for colorings: a good heavy weave; size «x 9 «^ 7^
•..,;bedrooras -or country homes. A thoroughly artistic, • feet. Each..... :; H>*»*«^
; sanitary floor covering. Per yard 4>5C UD ROOM-SIZE AXMIXSTER RUG— 9xl7 feet; an extra
• •••• . -I" quality, in Oriental and' Persian desifrns; this is a
\u25a0'AXJIINSTBR -'"CARPET— In floral designs; an Q^r special that will appeal to the economi- $2O OO
\u25a0 excellent grades per yard . . ...........:.... - cal. • Each ....:..... •***"**•."".
BBBCBifcBHBBBBHjMS^BKMBBBDBBHBBBBBBiMBBB^HBfIiIKSHEi^BSBBB3SSi^^^^^SSSKESS^MISr^^^BBBBB^B
ONE OF SAW TA ROSA'S CITY
FATHERS BECOME A BENEDICT
Councilman Fred Klnar !\u25a0 Married to
Silas France* Yates of
. Windsor.
. SANTA \u25a0 ROSA. Oct. 28.— Councilman Fred
King of this city was married to-night at 8:30
o'clock 'to. Miss Frances Yates of Windsor, ths
Rev. J. 'A. -'Waller of this city ornciatlnr. Ths
wedding- took -place at the. horn* of the bride's
mother near in .the presence of only
relatives and >a\ very few .close friends. v The
bride Is the. daughter of the late J. TV. and
Mrs. Hannah Yates. a pioneer couple- that were
prominent -in the affairs \u25a0of the county for
many years... -The groom : Is : one of the best
known men of the county and a very efficient
city oMcial.
expressed ; his sorrow. In a letter. The
widow visited Illinois and again met
Boyd. Mrs. Boyd died a few • months
later, and two weeks ago Boyd wrote he
was coming west for his old time sweet
heart ' ... v 1": :."-,"
AGREES TO MAKE RAIN i;
FALL FOR THE MINERS
Novel Contract Entered Into
by Gold Seekers of
.. i Dawson.' i- i '
- TACOMA, Oct. 26.— A Dawson diapatcH
says that Hatfield, the California rain
maker, has accepted a contract offer sd
him by a syndicate of Klondike miners
who desire to insure enough rainfall next
summer to permit sluicing during tha en
tire season.. . He will go to Dawson early
next summer. The agreement provides
that he shall not be paid unless rain falls.
APPOINTS PHYSICIAN.— Th» Hmlth Board
yeat Tday appointed Dr. Hayden M. Simmon*
as voluntary inspectin* pnjr»id*a tor th* Bar
serot School. ;
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
LOGAN'S FATHER VISITS
HIM IN OAKLAND PRISON
The father of Henry A. Logan, the church trustee who eloped from Oakland Ayith 16ry ear-old
Ethel Cook, visited him in jail yesterday, but left town without making arrangements .to furnisK bail, for
him. Notes found on Logan show that he feared mob violence when confined in the Medford jail. It
develops that he was discharged from a Sacramento grocery house by which he was employed as porter
for breaking open cases of liquor and drinking the beverages.
Makes No Effort to
Supply Bail for
His Erring Son
Notes Show Prison
er Was in Terror
in Medford Jail
OAKLAND, Oct 26.— That Henry A.
JJogan, the renegade church trustee
who eloped from this city with Ethel
Cook, a 16-year-old schoolgirl, is not
the guileless victim of a hopeless love
he would have the people of this city
believe, is the opinion of the police. It
develops that Logan had an unenvi
able record in Sacramento, where he
was employed as porter in a wholesale
grocery house. He was discharged be
cause he was inattentive to duty and it
was suspected he had broken into
cases containing liquor and drank it.
(Subsequently he was In the employ of
c commission firm and told a story
\u25a0while there of having prevented the
breaking of the safe by a burglar. It
Is suspected that he tampered with the
•afe nimself with the view of gaining
favor with his employers by telling
how he prevented a robbery.
.When asked this morning' whether
he had ever been in trouble before,
Logan did not make a denial, but de
clined to make any statement. With
downcast eyes and pale face he said:
*'I prefer not to talk any more, and
xnust refer you to my attorney." He
has retained Judge A, L. Frick to de
fend him on the charge of child steal
log.
On his arrival at police headquar
ters, Logan vehemently denied that
there had -been any attempt to take
feim from the Jail at Medford, but an
other story is told by the authorities,
And this is borne out by the following
notes written by Logan when he heard
the uproar outside the Medford jail and
thought he was about to meet sudden
punishment for his crime:
October 16, 1905.
So we are caught. But alas, ire are not
sad, but happy. I hope every one will be as
happy as we ere. But we can go. Just the
came.
Tto My Mother: /
May God forgive me, but I loved the dear
girl. She would have been happy. I hope
you will forgive me. I did hate to go before I
•aw you. but It had to be. I hope everybody
will forgive me, because it was another case
ef love.
I hope all wiJl be forgotten Boon, for I was
always trying my best to live a good life. It
1* hard to go. but better than being a — well,
you know. What will become of me now?
Good-by father, mother and sisters. Your son
and brother. HENRY.
Tv whom it may concern:
I Jii.\c tried and felled. It is better to have
lovod and lost, than never to have loved at all.
She was a good girl, and is as pure as the
day I took her. I swear before God I was
true to her, and never harmed her. j May God
forgive .me for this, but it is all over now. I
«.:.> porry for the onr. and one only. The dear
girl. I know she shall be as happy as some of
th« rest of the people, but here goes a man
*ho loved and lost.
Logan's father, who resides In
Sacramento. arrived in Oakland
last night and called at the City Pris
on to see the son who has brought dis
irrace on his name. He had a long con
ference with the renegade church trus
tee, but on leaving he said nothing
about bail for his son, and the author
ities bolieve that he is not going to
come to the rescue of the imprisoned
tnan. Logan bag been confident that his
relatives would furnish bail for his
appearance, but his hopes seem doomed
to disappointment. )
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 26. — P. C.
Drescher of Mebius & Drescher, whole
sale grocers, says Logan was employed
by his firm as porter about Gve years
ego. He was inattentive to duty and
it was suspected he broke into cases
containing liquor and drank it. He
\u25a0was discharged.
Subsequently ' Logan worked for
Castle Brothers, commission merchants,
a.nd one night he told at the police sta
tion of finding a man in the act of
breaking open the cafe. It was be
lieved be broke the safe himself to
make himself solid with his employers,
Nothing came of this matter.
LARGE DEAL IN REALTY.— Berkeley
Oct. 26.— Th? sale of a lot at Adeline and
Alcatraz avenue, to John H. Spring, head of the
fiprinr Const rurtion Company, is reported, the
price paid being J37.500. A lerpe frame struc
ture now on the land 1* to be removed and
b. modern, liriek buildinr for hotel and office
purposes will be erected. The Key route will
have a depot in the building. The Realty
Syndicate made tbe sale.
Beecham"s Pills are the "ounce of
prevention" that saves many a dol-
lar for cure. Keep disease from
getting in, and it will never lay you
out- - ,\u25a0
The safeguards against all life's,
common ills are: A Sound*Stomsch,
Healthy Kidneys, Regular Bowels
and Pure Blood.
Hundreds of thousands — both
men and women — keep healthy by
using
BEECHAM'S
a remedy that has stood the test
for half a century and is now used
over all the civilized globe. They
purify the , blood, strengthen the
nerves, regulate the bowels, aid the
kidneys and cure stomach troubles.
Build up the nervous force and re-
pair the ill effects of overeating.
The besti safeguard against indiges-
tion, biliousness and dyspepsia.
Take Beecham's Pills ~ regularly
and you will maintain good health
at small cost. :
At Small Cost
S«W Everywhere. *n boxes 10c and 25a
HENRY A. LOGAN. THE RENEGADE CHURCH TRUSTEE WHO OCCUPIES A
CELL IN THE OAKLAND JAIL AWAITING TRIAL ON THE CHARGE OF
ABDUCTING SIXTEEN-YEAR-OLD ETHEL COOK.
MAN AND WOMAN
HELD FOR ARSON
OAKLAND, Oct. 26.— Charged with hav
ing deliberately set fire to their dry goods
store In the Crichton building at Point
Richmond, J. S. Mayer and his wife are
held at the Martinez County Jail for ar
son. Their bail was fixed at $5000 each
by Justice of the Peace Hull, but so far
they have been unable to furnish that
amount and they are etlll in custody.
The flre broke out early yesterday morn
ing and before the firemen could do any
effective work three buildings were de
stroyed. ,
Mayer and his . wife conducted the
Eastern Dry Goods store on Richmond
avenue. Early yesterday morning Mayer
went to San Francisco and about 8
o'clock Mrs. J. Osborne, who went into
the store to make a purchase, noticed a
blaze in the interior of the building.
At the same time E. B. Flinton, a pa
perhanger, saw flames in the kitchen.
John Spiersch, a plumber, also noticed
the two blazes. The fact that the fire
started in two places led to the belief
that it was of incendiary origin and Mrs.
Mayer was arrested Immediately. Her
husband was not taken into custody until
S o'clock in the afternoon, when he re
turned from San Francisco. The May
ers went to Point Richmond a few
months ago and engaged in business.
The other merchants of the town have
been suspicious and when the fire oc
curred yesterday, H. B. Kenney, who
lived with his family in the upper story,
promptly swore to the complaints charg
ing the Mayers with arson.
The total damages from the disastrous
conflagration have now been appraised
as follows: William Crichton, $5000;
Thomas Schad, $9000; J. C. Mayer. $3500;
H. B. Kenney, $1300; D. Entrican, $1000;
H. C. Barlow, $1000; Henry Hunger, $1000;
Russell & Elsie, $1000; Mrs. \V. Stock
well, $500; Richmond Creamery. $100; Dr.
H. N. Barney, $50.
SPOUSE BATTERS BRIDE
OF ONLY ONE MONTH
Mrs.- Christine Knego Secures
Warrant for Arrest' of
Erring Husbanpl.
OAKLAND, Oct. 26. — Christine Kne
go, a bride of but one month, this
morning: swore to a complaint charging
her husband, Pasco Knego, with bat
tery, alleging that he bad ; struck her
during a quarrel! Only a few minutes
after -the complaint had been issued
Mrs. Knesro tried to have the warrant
withdrawn., but the Judge refused to
allow the Police Court to be :i played
with, and * ordered Knego to be -ar
rested.
The couple. were married less than. a
month ago, and the wife declares that
& few days after the honeymoon her
spouse forgot the vows he had taken
at the matrimonial altar and began to
ill-treat her, ending by striking * her
during a quarrel yesterday. The couple
reside at 457 } i Tenth street. Knego
was taken Into custody this afternoon,
and' was later released on bail.
CHARGED WITH Oakland,
Oct. 20. — Catherine A.* Morrison -was taken to
the Insane ward of the Receiving: Roipltal to
day on a charge or insanity, said to 4bave
been caused by former marital troubles. Her
husband secured a divorce from her two years
ago, which It Is . alleged baa unoallanced her
mind' '". \u25a0 " \u25a0 y ~'"\ "~ •; — :T"r~
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27,- 1905.'
NELSON AGREES
TO COMPROMISE
v OAKLAND, Oct. 26.— After every
thing: was in readiness for a battle over
the will of the late Margaretha Hilde
brand Nelson, who died after a short
year of married happiness, leaving her
share in the estate: of ; her father, val
ued at $200,000, to her young hus
band, the contest was suddenly aban
doned this morning by the sister and
brother of the deceased woman.
They charged in their complaint
that the holographic will: left
by her was not entirely In her hand
writing, which, if it could have been
proven, would have invalidated the
Instrument.
James Nelson, who is well known in
Alameda'and Oakland, had employed
former State Senator E. K. Taylor to
fight the . contest to the bitter end, as
he considered the charge implied that
the document was a forgery, and pho
tographs and drawings gof it, several
feet in length, had been made by hand
writing experts as exhibits in the case.
The contestants were William H." Hilde
brand and Mrs. Anna Hildebrand Ship
ley. The family Is a- well-known, one
In Alameda and San Francisco, where
Henry Hildobrand, the' father, left a
large estate in real property.. The
three children were his only heirs, and
Nelson is entitled to one-third of the
estate. The contestants had employed
H. C. McPike and D. M. Delmas as their
attorneys. :
SAY COMMISSIONS
WENT TO OTHERS
Line of Defense of William
E.Eiidellls.Oiitlinedl)y -
His Attorneys.
OAKLAND. Oct. 26. — ;The line of de
fdiise of Willtnm E. lladeii.l a real 'es
tate dealer of Fruitvale. who is beinsr
sued by the Continental' Building 'and
Loair Association for $5600 alleged'to
be due the company on sales he* made
N for it. was outlined in Judge Waste's
department to-day, when his attorneys
stated they proposed to show by re
ceipts that any commissions paid on
the sales were given to -other dealers,
who brought the purchasers to Rudell.
The contention of the company has
been that Eudeil kept the commissions
himself. This is denied by /him.- and
documentary "evidence is promised T*- to
support this assertion, and which,' it is
stated, will clear him of any liability
in the transactions. : -
.MRS. BECKER LAID ;TO; TO REST.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— The funeral ot Mrs.
Meta.; Becker, th« 7 wife of 'Fred 'Becker, the
\u25a0well-known pioneer; butcher ; of ' this city,*; was
held at 2 p.' m. . to-day; from the \ t amily : resi
dence, 1353 Grove street, the services belnr
conducted by the Rev. A. -Jatho, pastor of the
German . Lutheran ; Church.- v The "• pallbearers
were John Martens, J, P. W. Sohst H Turn
Suden, Albert Kaiser, Walter Mees» and Henry
BredhofC. Interment - was in Mountain Vl«w
Cemetery. ; •: ' '\u25a0.—\u25a0'- \u25a0\u25a0.'.
EXGIXE STRIKES BOY.
OAKLAND. Oct. 26.— A Seventh-stre«t» local
train atruck Herman .Lorenzo,' 15 years , o t age,
of UM Thirteenth", street, ? as , he .was riding
his bicycle close \u25a0' to * the '\u25a0 tracks ' this ; morning
and threw, him between the engine and tender
but in : such a way that :•: he r' escaped . being
crushed j- by - the wheels / and -: got ' v off with \u25a0 a
broken ankle; : which was '. set \u25a0\u25a0 by • Dr. i L.- L \u25a0
RlCSln'at: the; Receiving Hospital. 7 - •-. ,'\u25a0
EDITOR PLEADS
WITH "CO-EDS"
College Journalist Asks That
, Wearing of Hats in
> Class; Be Discontinued
AIMS BLOW AT HABIT
Discomfort of Male Students
Who Suffer Behind Milli
nery Feelingly Described
BERKELEY, -Get; 26.— "C0-eds" who
Insist upon the wearing: of hats in
classrooms are made the subject of a
pathetic editorial plea from the pen of
11 D. Bohnett In the current issue of
the student paper, the Californian. Boh
nett hn.B seen the evil that follows the
habit of :._ wearing picture and: other
hats in classrooms where savants aro
attempting to instruct collegians, ] and
pleads with the women students to dis
continue forever the practice he de
plores. His editorial, which reads as
folio W3, has the backing of the male
contingent of the student body, whose
plight he feelingly describes:
History teaches us that Cato's oft repeated
"Carthago delenda est" was a chief cause of
the destruction of a great city. There are
students In the university who are anxiously
looking for a second Cato insistent enough with
his "big hats must go" to free the lecture
room of one of Its greatest nuisances. Wa have
no intention of attempting to play th« role.
But we do want to say a word or two in
support of the demand for the removal of hats
In the classroom.
Certain Instructors have refused to allow
men to sit in their classes clad in sweaters.
The stand was a good oneJ President Wheeler
has repeatedly intimated that the appearance
of the men students could be greatly improved
by ordinary care in the matter of dress. \u25a0 His
stand also is a good one. But . the big hat
is a far greater nuisance than the sweater or
the careless attire of the men. The latter
may violate good taste, but the big hat vio
lates the rights of every, student who Is 'so
unlucky as to sit behind it. Every student
likes to see his. Instructor often enough to be
abl<» to recognize him when he meets him on
the campus. And even the wearers of big
halH will admit that it does add somewhat to
the interest of a lecture to be able to get an
occasional glimpse of the lecturer.
The women themselves started a campaign
last year against hats on the campus. Many
of them still keep their promises, but there is
opportunity for the number to crow. - . .
"RUNNING"
OF SOCIETY
ON CAMPUS
BERKELEY, Oct. 26. — The usual mystery
surrounds the . preparations of the Skull and
Keys Society for its annual "running" on the
campus to-morrow. It Is an event utilized
for the initiation, in part, of those chosen for
membership In the unique society. The fa
culty has not interfered to prevent the "run
ning" this year, despite the objections that
were made to the affair last winter, and so
the annual . spectacle of favored students,
decked out in grotesque garb, go{ng through
spectacular "stunts," will again 'delight the
multitude. The "running" will r not. b^. made,
however, from the Greek Theater through the
campus to the football Held as of old. I The
authorities objected, to that, as It brought the
excitement bo close to the- colleges as to in
terfere with, studies. The start will , be made
to-morrow from the new football field, on the
Hlllegass tract, and will end under the oaks,
on the lower part of the campus. The speak
ing will be done on a platrorm to be erected
close to the Oxford \u25a0 street entrance to the
grounds. The exercises are scheduled to be
gin at 3:30 o'clock..
The members of the German department
and students in the upper division of German
courses have received an invitation- to inspect
the German cruiser, the Falke, now lying In
the bay. The trjp will be made next Saturday
afternoon. 'Professor Schilling, head of tho
German department, entertained the officers
Of the Falke at dinner last Sunday. .
The following- freehmen have been chosen
to represent the class in its debate on Novem
ber 17 with the sophomores: C.-H. Cunning
ham, H. D. Hoover and W. H. Plllsbury. with
A. Kilgore as alternate.
An "Old Folks' Social" is to be given by
the women members of the class of '05, in
Hearst Hall, on the night before the big foot
ball game. The class reunions are for men
only, and because of this the women students
df ciJed upon an Innovation in' the form of this
social for themselves.
The half . hour of music to be held at 4
o'clock next Sunday afternoon. October 2tt,
will be under the direction of W. J. McCoy.
The programme will be as follows:
Songs for female auartet -^ (a) "Love and
Death," • poem by Tennyson (McCoy); • (b)
"May" (McCoy; "A Viking's Song. (McCoy),
Harry Perry;, fantaaiestuecke for clarinet and
piano (Schumann, Op. 73),\Mr. Cosmer and
Mlsa Hannibal; "Dcr Hlmmel Hat Elno
Thraenegewelnt" "(Kuecken). song 1 with clar
ltiet-obllgato, Mies Belle McCoy; songs for
double male quartet— (a) "Night" (Christy), (b)
"De Boopah Man" (McCoy). -
Mr. McCoy's' presentation of the "Hama
dryada," which was given in the Greek The
ter under Ills direction a few weeks ago, wa*
one of the most delightful musical entertain
ments ever given in that place. •
BANK ST.OCKHOLi)EBS "'\u25a0
WILL HAVE -MEETING
Plight of Closed Institution
to Be Discussed by In
terested Ones.
ALAMEDA, -Oct. 26.— There will be a
meeting to-morrow evening of the stock
holders of the local branch of the United
Bank and Trust Company, which 1 was
closed last j Saturday by the State Bank
Commission because of tne alleged un
safe condition of the parent financial in
stitution. . The object of the meeting is
to tJiscuss plans for rescuing c the bank
from the tangle it is now in.
. Some of the stockholders in the local
institution express themselves as having
lost all confidence ;in the bank," .while
others; believe that If it can be divorced
from' the parent institution and all unsafe
methods eliminated, the local concern can
be placed on a^ sound footing and: made
to pay. vv 1 '> : ; ;;-;'. ; \u0084~: " "'\
ANOTHER FAKE LETTER.
OAKLANrj. ; Oct. 26.— For the third- time
within a week a letter signed by a mythical
Sacramento physician, certifying that the bear
er 1b , unable to do ; hard work and jls a worthy
object of public charity, has .' been .found ta
possession of "a "man arreettd for begging "In
this city. Frank* Kelly, alias Robert -Fisher,
was aneeted yeßterdey.'ln company with Frank
Scott, and when searched; at. the , City Prison
the .letter : . was J found ;,ln his i pocket. This
morning "he was sentenced "to" a term ,of six
months ' on : the charge of vagrancy : and also
received a sentence of - fifty days on a charge
of drunkenness. -, Scott, who: was charged with
the same offenses.' bad his case continued.
.VETERINARY IS; ARRESTED.
,x, x OAKLAND. Oct. £6.— Dr. W. JV?; M. | Dunba'r,
a .well-known veterinary | surgeon of | this : city,
was ;arrt€ted T ,thls;mornlhg' \u25a0 on' a;" charge of
having . failed to kill ' f our horses afflicted with
glanders, « which were in * his i possession,: after
having b«en notified to do \u25a0so by ' Dr. A: R.
Archibald, the ~ City - Veterinarian * ' Learning
that his order to destroy the animals had been
disregarded by Dr. ; Dunbar. Dr." Archibald this
morning ' swort to ' a complaint -charging, the
latter ?a t violation *. of / tha • law regarding
the '• destruction . of \u25a0 horses having glanders. \u25a0..\u25a0
BAUKIt; L'LAYS iTO-DAY.
;0 OAKLAND, Oct. > 26.— Harold Bauer, th«
pianist, will give a recital at;Te'\u25a0'.Liberty,,The
ater [ to-morrow.V: Friday, 3 ' October ' 27, . and \u25a0 not
next • weok, us so many have : understood. The
recital • will begin at 3 :30 and . the programme
will Include, by reouest, \u25a0 the Alkajt etude "Le
Vent", and Wagner's "Walkurearitt." - '
FACULTY WILL
READ PLAYS
Committee of Professors
Appointed to Stop Knocks
at the Stanford University
PROMPTED BY "BOGIE"
Matter Under Consideration,
but Action Is Quickened
by the Late Publication
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 26.—
In order to prevent the students of
Stanford University from carrying: too
far Joshes and "knocks" that always
appear ! in the junior class plug: ugly,
which is due to appear shortly, Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has appointed
Instructor E. K. Putnam to act as an
advisory committee of one. r All manu
scripts must be submitted, to the rep
resentative of the 5 faculty before the
authorities will allow v them to be pre
sented. ; The action is unparalleled In
the history of the institution and bids
fair to stir up dissatisfaction In the
community.
• It is believed to have been brought
to a. head by the recent appearance of
the "Bogie." The faculty probably sur
mised that from the tone of thl3 pub
lication a general spirit of revolt
existed among the students and that
the junior show, which is at beat pure
ly a rough house affair, might turn out
to be of indecent nature.
There are at present three pieces un
der way. The boat club will produce
"All Tangled Up" to-morrow night.
The piece was 'written by a professional
playwright and will probably suffer no
correction. The football show is of
like authorship, but as it is to be local
ized to a marked extent it will prob
ably be carefully considered.
DEBUTANTE TEA
AND RECEPTION
FOR A BRIDE
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
. OAKLAND, Oct. 26.— Never has Ebell's cozy
auditorium presented a more charming picture
than* during Mrs. Schrock*a reception in honoi
of Mrs. .Edward Hall Dodge to-day. Feathery
grasses and stately palms, with here and
there a cluster of pink amaryhis. made an
effective frame for the living picture of fan
women who thronged the apartment.* Add to
this an accompaniment of tne sweet music ot
stringed Instruments and ' the day was com
plete. * . • ,
A winsome girl before her marriage, Mrs
Dodge has blossomed into a beautiful young
matron and was a joy. to the eye to-day as
she stood beside her hostess, .robed' in the
royal, white satin gown In which she wa*
married. Mrs. richrock wore a very pretty
pale blue .gown richly trimmed with whltt
lace. Mrs. Schrock is an ideal : hostess anu
there is . no dull moment when she entertains.
She was very happy to-day, too. in her choice
of a receiving party, the ladles thereof second-
Ing their hostess' gracious efforts In every
way. \u25a0\u25a0 .; , • . •-. \u25a0 . .:.-. ; . , •
Some of the prettiest gowns worn at any
function this season were seen at the recep
tton to-day. Mrs. M. J." Laymance, the brlde'i
mother, wore the beautiful white gown thai
was so becoming the night her daughter wa»
married,, and Mrs. Dodge Sr. worj an ex
quisite gown of black lace, with an under
lining of white net and still another lining
of lavender silk. Another black lace dress
that wa« noticeably elegant was that worn
by Mrs. K. C Craft. The lace was of an
exquisitely delicate pattern and was nude ovei
pale pink silk. The white perfectly fitting
princess robe worn by Mrs. J. Walter Scott
was one of the very attractive gowns In . tht
room. It was elaborately and exquisitely em
broidered, the embroidery looking really like a
heavy lace.
hire. Oscar Luninx looked as If she had
stepped out of a Gainsborough picture - wnei.
Bhe arrived to serve on the receiving party.
Her Jong coat of blue cloth, trimmed with lien
lace covered a beautiful white lace gown anu
a picture hat of blue felt with many plume»
of the same shade completed a very stunning
costume. The cluster or magnificent diamond*
and emeralds that flashed on her corsage were
the envy of everybody.
Mrs: George Humphrey, conceded to be th«
most- beautiful young matron in town. wa»
lovely In a simply made frock of embroidered
net, with just a touch of pink at belt an.i
throat. ' Mra. Robert Duncin wore anotlitr
notable gown— a ! rich violet brocadi and th»
large white hat worn with it was covered wttn
beautiful plumes. There were several verj>
handsome white gowns, memorably thoss worn
by Mrs. George Fisher and Mrs. Gilbert Cur
tist. There were also several lovely brocau*
gowns in pink, Mrs. H«nry Bull. Mrs. E. B.
Davis and Mis 3 Alice Britton each wearing
noticeably . pretty gowns.
The receiving party, included Mrs. M. J.
Laymance, Mrs. E. J. Dodge Mrs. E. B.
Potter. Mrs. George A. Innes. Mrs. Frederic*
Morse, Mrs. I. A. Beretta Mrs. W. H. Well
bye Mrs. H. B. Mehrmann. Mr*. J. Walter
Scott Mrs. It. C. Craft. Mrs. Fred Butter-,
Mrs 'Wallace Pond Mrs. Gilbert CurtUs, Mrs.
E. J. Boye«. Mrs. . Ernest Boyes. Mrs. Elliot
B. Davis, Mrs. Henry Bull, Mrs. George Fisher.
Mrs. W. F. Burbank, Mrs. Arthur Hollan»,
Mrs. Joseph Matthews. Mrs. George B. Gray
Mrs W. W. Crane, Mrs. Edward Whiteh'jaa
Mrs! Robert Boyer, Mrs. Oscar Liming. Mro.
George Humphrey, Mrs. Hammer, and MUs
Blanche Laymance. Miss Julia Williams. Ml»
Anna- Leimert, Miss Alice BrittorT^and Miss
Charlotte Elaey.
Among the 200 guests who called during tht
afternoon were Mrs. John A. . Britton. Mrs. C.
6. Chamberlain, Mrs. George Taylor of San
Francisco. Mrs. Percy Clay Black. Mrs. E. D.
Yorker Mrs. > H. . C.-.Capwell. Miss Lou Den
lson, Mrs. A. A. Denlson. Mra. Hugh H-;gan
Br., Mrs. Hugh Hogan Jr.. Mrs. H. L.. White
head Mrs. W. S. Peters. Mrs. W. W. Stande
ford." Mrs. J. , S. Emery. Mra George W, Scctt.
Mrs* Rinders, Mrs. Clarence Crowell. .Mra.
Charles Egbert. Mrs. A. Dabney - and Miss
Dabney. \u0084 -: •' -:>:;:'
' Another notable and altogether * de'.lght'ul
affair to-day was the reception given by Mrs.
Thomas- B, Coghlll to Introduce her daughter.
Miss Bessie Coghlll. : The Jackson street re?t»
dence was - a mass of • bloom, . great scraggy
white chrysanthemums giving a stately effecv
to the tasteful decorative arranjement.
The -fair young debutant*~wore a beautiful
frock of. white silk and lace and seemed like a
pale flower In the midst of the many handsoma
gowns evident In ths receiving party and
among* the 2W .or more guests who throngrea
the hospitable Coghill residence "during tne
reception hours. • . -\u25a0 • •\u25a0•\u25a0'\u25a0»\u25a0•
. Mrs. ; Coghill was assisted by -her mother,
Mrs."' John; M.-i Stanley,'\u25a0y ,'\u25a0 and by Mrs. Charles
Thomas Walkeley. Mr?. William Barbour.Mra.
Frank L Adams, Mrs. James G. Allen, Mt»
Gordon Stolp. ; Mrs. • Alfred C. yon der Ropp,
Mrs. Dana Harmon. -Mrs. Brace Haydcn. Mrs.
A. Schilling, ' Mrs. E. B; Casteian, Mrs. G.
D Stratton, Mrs. J. R. Burnham, Ml?s> Jessl*
Fox Miss Katnerlne Kurtz. Miss Sevllla Hay
den," Mies Bertha 81um..- Mis* Mattle Tteanor.
Miss Anita Thompsqn • Jllss* Ruth Kales, l Miss
Fay Chapman, ' Miss Veta Vincent, Miss Alice
lloyt. •\u25a0••\u25a0 Miss y. Edna . Prathsr, MIS 3 "Florinne
Brown." Miss Dolly Burrell, • Miss Katherin*
Barnes and Miss Helen Thomas."
'V To welcome home her-two young, friend3.th»
Misses Grandjean. who i Just .^returned
from, Europe.'. Miss I.May Hogan entertained *
dozen ot ' her ; intimates . at -. luncheon"".. to-Un> ,
but they were unprepared for the little secret
that, was 'disclosed J the; tiny ; suit cases
at each-, plate were opened.;-' They , were .fll ed
.with; rice .and .It was* not .long before Mls-
Hogan's bluehes directed the. inevitable showc'
toward ." herself.' ; Miss ; Hogan's • announcement
of her engagements John; Richard Cook ot
East' Oakland was : a rear surprise - to r het
friends, s She Is a very attractive girl, the eld.
cat -daughter of Hugh Hogan.~. the well-known
lumberman. --Mr. .Cook is himself a success
ful business man of San Francisco and frienaa
and '\u25a0-: relatives '\u25a0< of ' both ? families - are \u25a0 delighted
with^the match: No date -has been set foi
the ; weddlnr. 51^^^^a«^Sp<^^S^^SSSflSSS
ALAMEDA/ Oct. 26.— Miss Blanche' Speddy
and ' Maxwell Jones were married \u25a0 at ? noon to
day \u25a0- at ' the , home <of ? the • parents \u25a0of th« brlitv
on i Cedar street, the < Rev. -.F: S. Brush . officia
ting.- The, bridal attendants were Miss Marion
Speddy "* and \u25a0Ernest: Livingston.- Thlrty-flve
guests -•witnessed the ceremony and participated
In the' reception and banquet that ' followed.': - -
BIG BOULEVARD
FOR PALO ALTO
SubnrVs Board; of \Trade
to J^e to Join in
Procuring Natural Park
HOPKINS OWNS LAND
Vast Area Along Creek Is
Included in Proposition
for improving the Town
PALO AX.TO, Oct. 25.— Plans for a pub
lic^ boulevard and park to; take. in the
land from Alma street along San Fran
cisquito, Creek to the northern end or
Palo Alto avenue are bein* favorably dlsw
cussed here. The matter will be pre
sented to the Board of Trade for action
at its next meeting.
Commencing at the famous landmark
from which the town was named, thq
Palo Alto tree, and extending north
about a mile, Is a strip of land varying
in width from fifty to three hundred feet.
It follows the windings of the creek. Us
heavily wooded with live cak trees, and
is admirably situated for the purpose.
The residents here feel it can be more
easily made into a park than any blocK
of barren land in town.
San Francisquito Creek forms the
present western and northern boun
daries of this place. With the installa
tion of the' Pope street bridge, opening
the territory farther north to settlement,
the project is considered most feasible.
The running water through tlta middle of
the proposed park will also add to its
natural beauties.
This land belongs to Timothy Hopkins
of San Francisco, and those Interested
In the proposition are in favor of asking
him to donate It to Palo Alto.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
CANOE IS STOLEN.— Oakland. Oct. 26.—
A canoe owned by Cedrlc Petersen. the wn of
Captain of Police W. J. Petersen. was stolen
yesterday from its moorings In Lake Meirnt.
So trace of the stolen boat has been fauna.
MANDOLA CASE CONTINUED.— Oaklanj.
Oct. 2H. — The case of Albert Mandola. who i»
charswd with having attempted to murder 3.
Malata at the home of the latter a few days
ago. was continued this morning to November
8 for examination. \u25a0,
WILL HOLD RUMMAGE SALE.— Oakland.
Oct. 26.— The Fablola Hospital Association will
hold its annual rummage sale during th<s carry
part of the coming month. The sale will open
on Saturday, November. 4, and will continue
until th« following Wednesday.
SAYS CHARGE IS UNJUST.— Oakland. Oct.
26. — J. Llewellyn, the owner of the horse for
driving which a driver in his employ was
arrested 'or cruelty to animals, to-day deniea
the charge that he had attempted to cure' tne
horse by means of Christian Science treatment.
EDWARD TOOMEY LAID TO REST.—Oak
land. Oct. 20. — The funeral of Edward J
Toomey, who died last Monday at his home
1473 Ninth street was held yesterday fron»
St. Patrick's Church, where, requtem mass was.
celebrated. Interment was in St. Mary's Cem
etery.
RUNAWAYS ARE ARRESTED.— OakIand,
Oct. 26..— Guy MeElroy and Robert Leckie.
aged respectively - 1.1 and 10 years, who ran
away from their homes In Berkeley yesterday
were captured at Fifth and Franklin street*
last night and were returned to their parent?
to-day.
VIERRAS ACQUITTED.— OakIand, Oct. 26.—
Joe, Will and Frank Vierra. charged with hav
ing made an assault -on M. V. Pacheco. were
acquitted by a jury this morning. They
claimed their attack was jirovoked by reason
of the fact that Pacheco nad made tnaultlng
remarks about' their mother and sisters.
WOMAN TAKES POISON.— Mrs. Rose.De
mousset. 3$ years old, wife of James Demotw
set. a cook, drank what is. feared will be a
fatal dose of carbolic acid at her residence.
1533 Polk etreet, at S:3O o'clock last night.
She was angry over . a reprimand from her
spouse. Mr*. Demousset was taken to tli*
Central Emergency Hospital.
GETS SEVERE SENTENCE.— OakIand. Oct.
26.— Despite his plea for mercy yesterdaj .
when he was convicted of selling lottery tic*
ets Willie Wlnn, alias Magnus Lundqulst. w»^
sentenced this morning to pay a fine of $150
or to serve. seventy-five days In the Cltv PrUcn.
Winn has Just completed a term of forty day»
for the same offens«. H« has also been in jail
several times before.
•TOO MUCH MOTHER-IN-LAW.— Oakland.
Oct. 26. — Alberta Bernardascl. residing at 22S
Claremont avenue, who was arrested on W
charge of battery sworn to by his wife, this
mornlnar pleaded not guilty and asked for »
jury trial, which was set for November 9.
His wife declares that because ehe could not
get along -with her husband's. mother he shooK
her until 4he wa« sore all over.
SUSPICIOUS FIRE IN FRUITVALE.—
Oakland. Oct. 28. — The residence of W. M.
Simpson, a small two-roomed house at the
corner of Frultvale avenue and Old County
road, was burned to the ground this morn
ing and the circumstances surrounding the nre
lead to the belief that It -was .of Incendiary
origin. No names have as yet been men
tioned In connection with the-flre.
DISCUSS NEW CHARTER.— Alameda', Oct.
26. — E. K. Taylor, former State Senator and
City Attorney, and Assemblyman J, Clem
Bates addressed the Went End Improvement
Club last night on a proposed freeholder**
charter for the. city. Taylor gave ten reasons
why the municipality should have a new or
ganic law, his chief. .one being that the city
has outgrown Its present form of government.
The existing charter wa» enacted In ISS3.
DEATH FOLLOWS OPERATION.— OakIand.
Oct 26.— Robert Munroe. whose home 'was at
409 East Twelfth street, died yesterday. In a
local hospital after an operation, aged 50
yean. He leaves a wife and several children.
The deceased was a member of Live Oaa
Lodge. F. and A. M.,_the Marine Ensrioesrs
Beneficiary Association and th» Woodmen ot
the World. The funeral wltl be held Suoda)
under the auspices of Live Oak Lodge.
i THEOLOGICAL ASSEMBLY. — Berkeley.
Oct. 26. — The theological ctminaries In Berke
ley have united in deciding to hold a theo
logical - assembly on Friday afternoon twice
a month, when addresses will be delivered
by representative churchmen. The first as
sembly will be held to-morrow morning at 11
o'clock, when Rev. E. L. Parsons. r<vtor of
St. Mark's EDlscotial Church, will «peaJt_on
"Conventional Christianity and the Power of
God." "!_
SMALL FIRE CAUSES SCARE.— Oakland,
Oct. S3. — Roofers working; on \u25a0 the Alta
House, of which ' Mrs. Charles Tye is
the proprieties*, at 862 Broadway, upset a
pot of tar on the roof this evening, whicn
caught fire.- causing Louts Schaffer. wbo oc
cupies the building next door, to think that
a bad flre was in progress. After removing
all, his horses and most of h!s 'carriages from
the stable he learned that there was no danger.
John Rohan, a member of th? Fire. Depart
ment, extinguished the fire with a ccat.
" KING'S DAUGHTERS MEET TO-DAY.—
Oakland. Ort. 26.— The ninth nanual conven
tion, of the International Order of the Kings'
Daughters will op*n to-morrow- morning at
the First Presbyterian Church, and will con
tinue until \u25a0 Saturday evening. . Mrs. Margaret
Bottom* of New -York, the International
president of - the organization, will * attend
the convention. At the opening: *e««lon to
morrow mcrnlnc an address of welcome will
,be delivered by the Rev. E. E. Baker, pastor
of. the Ftrßt Presbyterian Church. Th« ses
sions of the convention will be . held at 10 a.'
ni.. 2 D. m. and 7:43 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OakIand. Oct. 26—
The following marriage . licenses were issued by
the County. Clerk .to-day: George M.- Davis.
?-. San Francisco, and Kdyth« Crossett. 24.
Alameda; Gardner Johnson, . 21, and Helen
Schretber. a3O.a 30.- both of Oakland; •William J.
Lamb. .-\u25a0 29. • and Alice Scolard. 28. both of
Berkeley: Turner . Berry, 46. San Jose, and
Sallle Peters.- 36.- Alameda: Gabriel Verges. 28.
and Thererze Bordanave. 24. Doth of Alameda:
Milton F. \u25a0 Cooper. > 21. and Stella L. Fopplano.
20.' both of San -Francisco; Jose Quintal.' 53
Isleton. and Mary T. . Brown. 54, MUlbrae;
Paul \u25a0 Glaser. 31. Atchison. and Celine Leloy
23., Oakland: Norton J. Fletcher. 25, Liver
more, and Isabella G. Bruce. 25. Oakland.-
WOULD HONOR FIRST SENATORS
\u25a0' OAKLAND,'! Oct.S 26.— John P. Irish this
evening delivered an address before the Men's
League of St. Paul's Episcopal Church In sup
port of I his .. proposition . to - place the statues
of John '<*.". Fremont ,and X>r^ W. H Gwln
the flrjf Senators from , California \u25a0 In the HaJJ
of Satuary at . Washington. -
TRUSTEES WILL
HOLD MEETING
Important Questions to Be
Discussed by Director
|of Stanford University
A NEW APPOINTMENT
Place of Benefactress Will
Be Filled and Source of the
Water Supply Investigated
Special. Dispatch to Tn» Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 25.—
.The Board of Trustees of the Stanford
University will hold one of the most im
portant meetings to-morrow that has been
held in . some time at the university.
Many vital questions will be presented
for settlement. The matter of flllingvth*
vacancy caused by the death of Mr?.
Stanford promises to be a disturbing
point. The* directors are said to be di
vided on the matter. . Who will be chosen
is not known, but the general belief is
that the selection, will be In accordance
with the last wishes of Mrs. Stanford.
The students of Encina Hall will also
be present at the meeting with a petition
relating to the trouble experienced in
the dormitory the latter part of last
month. The matter was brought up at
the last session but no conclusion wan
arrived at. ,-
Still another matter of grave Import
ance, the settlement of which may af
fect materially the development and beau
tiflcation of the university, is the ques
tion of water supply which i 3 threatened
by the action of the Spring Valley "Water
Company In sinking several artesian
well* near the source of the supply
of the university and tha surrounding
towns. M^^-
WILL. BE HANGED TO-D.VT.
SAX QUEXTIN. Oct. 28. — Jossrh Snaidsckl.
who killed Cecilia* Salmon at 119 North OMvt
street. Los Angeles, on June 19, 190*. will
pay the penalty for his crime on the gal low
to-morrow at 10:30 o'clock. He mi takea
to the condemned chamber Monday. He is
continually talking about the murder. He
says that he should not be hanced as be did
not intend to kill the woman. He stabbed bet
with a file.
WILL PLAY SAX JOSE.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 26.— Ttus local high school
football team will play the San Jose eleven .
on the Stanford University oval Satur>:a>
morning. The chances are somewhat in favor '
of the local aggregation, it is said. On No
vember 4 the . Palo Alto highs will enter • >•*
semi-finals of the Academic Athletic Leayuo
at San Francisco against Lick or Lowell. T ti»
Lick team defeated Palo Alto last year.
TO AWARD CONTRACTS.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 26. — A special meeting of
the Board of Town Trustees will be held her*
to-nisrht to award contracts for street pav;n*
and Improvements. It is said that Contracto*
Hanrahan proposes to lay the asphalt at 1(5. 3
cents a yard, which is considered remarkably
low. This bid. it Is said, was quoted becaus 3
of the prevailing rate war on among th»
cement retailers.
WILL HAVE HAXDBALL COURT.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 26.— A handball court
will soon be constructed at St. Patrick's Sem
inary near here for the student priests. It
will cost |45C0. The contract will be awarded
when Archbishop Rlordan returns from nts
visit to Rome. .
STUDE.VTS* HOAX SUCCEEDS.
BERKELEY. Oct. 26. — Two hundred univer
sity student* to-day perpetrated upon a Junior.
Nathan A. Eisner, what 1» believed to be th»
most audacious spectacular and euecessful
hoax ever engineered by undergraduates- Mr.
Eisner was persuaded to believe, through the
use of a student device, that Professor Martin
Flaherty c-C the English department desired
Eisner to conduct hta class In argumentation
this afternoon, and, believing this, Slsner sol
emnly accepted the responsibilities of thepla-*
and for an. hour sat In Professor Flaherty'*
chair, while a room f u!l of resourceful yotithn
assisted in making a roaring farce out of til"
proceeding. . .. •
So audacious ware some of the device* mid
to provoke merriment at Eisner's expense. that
a few of the more conservative members left
the class room, declining to be party to a pro
ceeding that threatened to attract the" atten
tion."' later, of the students' affairs committee.
Eisner throughout the recitation remained in
Ignorance of the co!os«al hoax of which he was
the victim and has not ytt been Informed* of
the dectit practiced upon htm.
CAPTAIX PETEUSOX IS BETTER.
OAKLAND, Oct. 26. — Captain of Police W.
J. Petersen. who has been seriously in ro,
the last three days, is reported much improve
to-night and it ia expected that he will be
able to resume his duties by the first of ta
coming week. He ha? been suffering from
a heavy cold and stomtch trouble.
HARTS AUE DIVORCED.
OAKLAND. Oct, 2tJ.— An . Interlocutory 11-7
cree of divorce was granted Alice L. Hart from
Edward H. Hart, a Berkeley real estate an.J
Insurance agent, on the ground of demrtinn
to-day by Judge W. H. Waste. She was also
granted the custody of their boy and $200 a
month alimony. . . .
. » ADVERTISEMENTS.
SicK
Headache
When your head aches, there ;
is a storm in thel nervous sys-
tem, centering in the brain.
This irritation produces -pain
in the head, and the turbulent
nerve current sent to the stom-
ach causes nausea, vomitings
This is sick headache, and
is dangerous, as frequent and
prolonged attacks weaken the
brain, resulting in loss of
memory, inflammation, epi-
lepsy, fits, dizziness, etc.
Allay this stormy, irritated,
aching condition by taking
Dr. -Miles' Anti-Pain Pills.
They stop the pain by sooth-
ing, strengthening and rcliev-*
ing the tension upon the nerves
. — not by paralyzing them, aa
do most headache remedies.
Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills do
not contain opium, morphine,
chloraljcocaine or similar drugs.
."Sick headache ia hereditary in my
family. My father suffered a rreat
deal, and for many -years I have had
\u25a0pells that were so severe that I was
unable to attend to my business affairs
for a day or bo, at a time. During a
very severe attack of headache. I took
Br. Milea" Anti-Pain Pills and they
relieved me almost immediately. Since
then I take them when I feel the spell
coming on and It stops it a*, once.
_ • JOHX J. McERLAIN. \u25a0
Pres. 8. B. Ensr. Co.. South Bend. Ind.
. Dr. Miles' Antl-Pa!n Pills are sold by
•your druggist, who will guarantee that
the flr«t package will benefit. If It
jails hs will return your money.
25 doses, 25 cents. Never sold In bulk.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, lad' — ADVEKTISE3IKXTS. ~ "^'':: _' '".". 1 .'. '_ ' ' '
Actual Sterility in Women Is Very Rare^-Healthy
Mothers and Children Make Happy Homes.
Many xromen long for a child to bless try Lydia -E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
their homes, but because of some de- PQ^nd; this I did, ay.d I improved steadily in
bilitv or di«:nli^PTneT,f *v -t -\ health, and in less than two years a beautiful
Diuty or dispJacement of the female child ckme to bless our home. Now we have
organs they are barren. something to live for, and all the credit is
Preparation for healthy maternity is due to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Corn-
accomplished by Lydia 'E. Pinkham's pound." " •
Vegetable Compound more successfully Mrs Mac P. -Wharry, Secretary of
than by any other medicine, because it tlle T orth Shore Oratorical Society,
gives tone and strength to the entire The Norman, Milwaukee, Wis., writes,
female org-anism, curing all displace- Dear Mrs. Pinkhain:—
ments, ulceration and inflammation. "I was married for fiv«» years and gave
A woman who is in pood physical birth to two premature children. Lydia E.
condition transmits to her children the Pinkh*ni"s Vegetable Compound was recom-
blessino- s o f a pood constitution. Is tended to me and lam so glad I took it, for
not tViiV -.« ?t,^ »• v -"" raLll - ull « u - «» it changed me from a weak, nervous woman
not that an incentive to prepare for a to a strong , happ^ and healthy one within
healthy maternity ? seven mont h s . Vithin two years a lovely
Ii expectant mothers would fortify little girl was bom. which is the pride and
themselves with Lydia E. Pinkham's joy of our household. Every day 1 olest
Vegetable Compound which for thirty Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound for
years has sustained thousands o*f the light, health.and happiness it brought to
women in this condition, there would oar norne ' . '^'C
be a great decrease in miscarriages, in * f anr '""Oman thinks she is sterile,
Buffering, and in disappointments at or has doubts about her ability to carry
birth. " " a child to a mature birth let her write
The following letters to Mrs. Pink- **> Mrs - Pmkham, Lynn, Mass., whose
ham demonstrate the power of Lvdia *& v ' le e is free to all expectant or
E. Pinkham's Vegetable ComDound in would-be mothers. - She has helped
such cases. ' thousands of women through this anx-
Mrs. L. C. Glover, Vice-President of ious period.
Milwaukee Business Woman's Associa- , >\omen suffering with irregular or
tion, of 614 Grove Street, Milwaukee, ' patoftrt menstruation, leucorrhcea, d&s-
Wis., writes : placement, ulceration or inflammation
of the womb, that bearing down feel-
Uear Mrs. Pmkham :— ing or ovarian trouble, backache, bloat-
i*tM *\u25a0*? marr i ed for several years and no ing or nervous prostration, should re-
ftfcJSi^ h o^m ShSsfiL ss me b mbe r r that w? s Pi f, kham ' 8 v sr
I could not have any children unless I could toble Compound holds the record for
be cured. For months I took his medicines, the greatest number of actual cures
I trying in vain for a cure, but at last my hus- of woman's ills, and accept no substi-
band became dirgusted and suggested that I tute.
Bany Wcmea Have Bcsn Benefited by Mrs. Pinkham's Advice and Medicine.
nivoHCE srrr surprises
I'^niKXDS OF SOXOMA MEDICO
Dr. Clarence AiVlmls Is SerlUng a De-
itpi' on the Ground of De-
Hcrtfon.
PA. VTA ROSA. Oct. 2«.— The friends of Dr.
Clarence Nichols of Sonoma wer» greatly 6Ur
r>ri>ed to leora that he has Sled a suit for
divorce asalnst Mrs. Eva E. Xlchols on the
ground of desertion.
Guilty Is Jury's Verdict.
STOCKTON Oct. 26.— After being out ten
minutes the jury in the case of Thomas W, 1
Freeman, charged with assault to murder John
ItidPr at Ranlett. Amador County, tome weeks
a?o. brought in a verdict of ruilty this morn
!ne at Jackson.
If A Diamond
(\u25a0( Gold Watch I
Nothing Down I
If You Bring This Ad |
. Quality Guaranteed §
\ We, won't exaect you to own an H
account If our crlc»^B are not as low H
aa those of any cash store. We mean It. ef
Cloaks, eulta, furs, etc., from any fl
ef the leadlnr cash stores, delivered H
to your home by their wagons. Make B
your caymftits a,t our office. ft
i SI \u25a0 week is all we ask. If
We acll e\-erj-thlnjr. Worth your H
while to lnvertlrat* ||
Goula-SulliTOn@ I
•\u25a0y» r -^;*~'"r>-3ce Bus B
SOFT. GL.OSSV HAIR.
It Caa Only Be Had Wnere There I*
\o Daodruff.
Any man or woman who wants 6off,
glossy hair must be free of dandruff,
which causes falling: haJr. Since it has
become known that dandruff, is a germ
disease, the old hair preparations that
were mostly scalp irritants, have been
abandoned, and the public, barbers and
doctors included, have taken to using 1
Newbro's Herpicide, the only hair prep-
aration that kills the dandruff germ.
E. Dodd, Dickinson, N. D., says: "Herpi-
cide not only cleanses the scalp from
dandruff and prevents the hair falling:
out, but promotes a new growth; Herp-
icide keeps my hair very glossy. Sold
by leading druggist*. Send 10c. in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit, Mich. At leading drug stores
or sent prepaid from Detroit, Mich.,
upon receipt of $1.00.
HOTEL ST. FRANCIS |
Has the Best Equipped i
. '. end Handsomest . . '
GRILL RQOM»»CAFE I
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Business Men's Lunch a Specialty
0 O
1F& I IB I 4fe Ammunition, Hunting and
B\u25a0sl ft I %>T Hportlrif Goode. Larger t
1m E I IYS stock, Lowe«t prices. Send
II ft I 2 I lII \u25a0 for catalogue. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0
Uyia V# EHRHVE & BARBER CO..
788 Market at.. and 52t
iCearcy «t.
WHEELER GIVES
SCHOOLS SLAP
PACIFIC GROVE, Oct. 26.— Quite s
flutter was caused in the Teachers' In
stitute this morning by President
Wheeler of the University of Califor
nia. After a morning chiefly devoted
to the study of arithmetic. Wheeler ap
peared and derided the whole grammai
school curriculum, especially selecting
arithmetic for reprobation. In strong
words he declared that the things that
should be taught in grammar schools
are religion, in its Arnoldian sense ol
conduct, not creed; morals,' manners
manual training, agriculture, ; music
and Latfn. Some foreign language
should be taught to those between the
age of 9 to 14. He also anathematized
the teaching of physics in high schools,
\u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0
DAUGHTERS OF COXFEDERACY
RE-ELECT THEIR OFFICERS
Jlm. s Alfx R. Jones of San Francisco Is
the Recording: Secretary of
Society. \u0084
RIVERSIDE, Oct. 2C. — The fifth annual con
vention of the Daughters of the Confederacy
closed here to-night. The officers were re
elected. They are: President, Mrs. Albert
M. Stephens, Los Angeles; first vice president,
Mrs. C. P. Wimberley, -Redlands; second vice
president. Mrs. M. K. Harris, Fresno; record-
Ing secretary, Mrs. Alex R. Jones, San Fran
cisco; treasurer, Mrs. Gayden Gage, Riverside.
Fresno was selected for next gear's convention.
\u25a0 m »
JURY DELIBERATES FOR THIRTY
HOURS AXD TIIEX DISAGREES
Falls to Reach • Verdict la Trial
of Sonoma Man for
' Murder.-'
SANTA' ROSA. Oct. 2C— After having been
out thirty hours the Jury, in the case of Wil
liam Meyers, charged with the murder of
August Kussner at Stewarts Point last Easter
day. failed to agree and was dismissed this
afternoon by Judge A. G. Bennett. It Is un
derstood that the jury divided evenly early In
their deliberations and stood that way through
out, between acquittal and manslaughter.
BOY MAY LOSE HIS SIGHT
AS A RESULT OF A FALL
While FJaylnff In Kitchen Stnmblea sad
Strikes Asalnst Corner of
REDDINO. Oct. 28.— Whil« playlnr la the
kitchen at his horns In this city ytsterday
eleht-year-old Kldon Kelvon, son of William
Kel yon, ftll and i truck his left eye against a
corner of a sick. The lad was rendered uncon
scious for quite a: length of time, and when
a Eurjrrcn examined' him 7h» ' found the left
eye ball had bunted, vertically about the mid
dle. As a result of the 'accident the boy may
lose the slrht of bis left eye.
ABSENCE OF RAIN IS CAUSE
OF WOE TO THE* RAACH3IEX
Mlnern, Farmers, Cattlemen and
Frultnifn Xear KrtMlng: Feel the
»ed of Mdlnture.
BEDDING. Oct. 28. — The absence of rain la
causing great hardship; to miners, fruit and
cattlemen, Last year at this date eight inches
of raJn had fallen.. Thus far. this season none
has fallen. The prices of butter and cheese are
soaring skyward. tho \u25a0 price of butter' at 40
cents a pound being unprecedented.
First Strike in Uklnb.
OKIAH, Oct. M.— The. carpenters at E>vans
Sc Orr's planing mill struck -this morning be
cause William Henry, oh» of the employes
would not Join the Carpenters' Union. This
lr the first strike' that has ever occurred in
this city. r .. •••"\u25a0- ' \u25a0
Hand Bajnrngre nml Trunk -i.
How about a «ult;ca«e? One never comes
amlM— most folks - mafee , short trips at one
time or another. A'eood roomy English bag
seems to ktow deeper a« - you open It. The
price? Well. we : buy; our \u25a0. trunks and leather
good* in carload let» and aeli accordingly.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.; 741: Market street. *
CAS3PRIA
, For Infanta and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the y^T- \//f^_j "^"
Signature of C^us^X *'&&&A4
THE SAN FRANCISCO; iCAKLp. FRIDAY,,; OCTOBER 27, 1905.
MAKES RECORD
FOR SLOWNESS
Ship Takes 35 Days to Sail
From the Golden Gate
to the City of Tacoma
VOYAGE DISGUSTS CEEW
Five Miles in One Hundred
and Twenty Hours Is the
Eest Big Vessel Could Do
(Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
TACOMA, Oct. 26. — The British ship
William Mitchell arrived to-day thirty
five days out from San Francisco with
a crew and officers thoroughly disgust
ed with the long voyage which was due
to headwinds during the entire trip.
Captain Gaze declares, that never be
fore in his seafaring experience has it
taken him so long to cover the same
distance. As. the vessel neared Cape
Flattery, Captain Gaze was fearful lest
fogs or changing winds should causa
him trouble.. He was picked up oft
Cape- Flattery last night by the tug
Wanderer and towed into" port.
During five days (120 hours) of the
voyage the ship made only five miles.
The officers and crew believe that sea-,
gulls which left the Golden Gate with
them swam alongside until the tug
took the ship in tow. The Mitchell is
under charter to Balfour Guthrle & Co.
and will load wheat for the British
Isles.
TEAM DASHES INTO
CEOWD OF CHLLDEEN
Auto Causes an Accident
That May Eesult Fatally
for Tots.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 2t{.— Two children
were seriously Injured, and several oth
ers narrowly escaped death in an ac
cident caused by. an- automobile - here
to-day. The machine frightened a
team, which dashed Into a crowd of
children. George Boj-i, agred 10, was
knocked down and ru:i over. One le.-j
was broken and his head and body
badly lacerated. Jon Stansel, aged
10. was struck by one horse, which
slipped, and fell on the boy as he lay
under him. The boy's left arm was
broken In two places, his shoulder in
jured, his back brulsel and his head
gashed.. He Is still i:t a dazed condi
tion, and internal injuries are feared.
A three-year-old bab}* was missed by
the wheels of the w:igon by a hair's
breadth. The automcbile. which con
tained two men and tuo women, speed
ed from the scene.
PEE-NATAL IMPEESSION
MAKES LAD FIREBUG
Boy Born During Conflagra
tion Is 'Again Convicted
WOODLAND. Oct. 26. — Earl Sher
man, the lad who fired several build
ings in "Woodland and who was arrest
ed in the act of settinjr fire to a hay
warehouse In this city by Constable
Parker, to-day pleaded guilty to a
charge of arson, and, waiving time,
was sentenced to five years in Folsom.
Sherman was convicted on the same
charge in Sacramento several years
ago, and served a term In the State
Reform School, from vhich he was re
leased Just prior to his returning to
Woodlr.nd. He confessed on the stand
in Sacramento that he had fired a soap
factory there just for the fun of watch
ing the firemen. Sherman was undoubt
edly marked at birth. He was born at
Seattle, close to where a big conflagra
tion was raging, and all his life has
evidenced a, marked interest in any
thing pertaining to flm. ,
DUPED SETTLERS ASK
- FOE EETUEN OF COIN
Railroad Agent Held Prison
er Until He Pi omises to
Reimburse Them.
PORTLAND, Oct. 26. — After being
held a prisoner in a local hotel for
thirty-six hours by a tarty of ten peo
ple-from Oshkosh. WJs., H. J H./Hart
shein, who represents himself as an Im
migration agent in ths employ of the
Union Pacific, was forced under threats
to provide for the return to the Wis
consin people of several thousand dol
lars alleged to have boen expended by
them In coming to thin State toMocatW
on timber lands. The lands were dis
covered to be valueless. Hartshein
sayn he Is the victim cf a firm of tim
ber locators, and upon his representa
tion of the faots the Distrlot Attorney
to-day Issued a warrant for the ar
rest of a member of tho firm.
JESUIT FATHER SAY I SPOTS
* ON SUJT HAVE DISAPPEARED
Predicts the Reappearance of the Phe
nomena Wltbln Tnro Week*'
Time.
BAN . JOSE, Oct. 26.— 8«y. Father Joseph
JUcard. th» Santa Clara Coll* r» aatroaomer,
announces that the croup , of sua spots unae*
observation for th» l»«t few weaki hay« du
appeared. H» predicts " Its reappearano* x on
the. western rim of ' the sun : two • weeks from
to-day. Meanwhile the solar disturbance which
began on tho 20th has- Increased and bo*
traversed on«thlrd of the solar hemisphere
It differs from previous appearances in that
It Is a single spot, not a - gToup. : It affecu
the elliptical form. Father Rlcard Infers th«
dimensions of the penumbra at 02,370.88 mltea
in width and - 36,284.91 miles In- length. The
umbra Is calculated to be 24,180.04 \u25a0\u25a0 miles
lons and 12,004 miles wide. These >flffure«
It Is said, will be greatly lnoreaaed during; tut
next few days. . .-- >-
SECnFT SERVICE LOOKING FOR
FRAUD IN WASHINGTON STATE
Rnmored Existence of Land Stealing
Causes Vrenldent Roosevelt to
\u25a0 Brcome Victlnnt.
SEATTLE. Oct. 26.— President RoosWelt has
sent Inspector .William J. Burns 'of the United
States secret service to this ."city for the pur
pose of * lnvestlg-atlng; alleged 'land "frauds,"
similar to I those committed .. In Oreson.". \u25a0 It is
said upon > reliable authority:. that.' seventy-fly«
Government men are now: at'; work tln various
parts of the State. DlsclosureH : already made
show ! that the fraudulent ' operations In •\u25a0Wash
lngton have b?en extensive, r- Enough evtdenc«
has , already been disalosed \u25a0to Implicate som»
of the most prominent : men In political 1 and
social life in the State. -
SAN JOSE GRAVE ! DIGGER
IS HEIR' TO; A FORTUNE
Denver Atlornry Looklngr tor Laborer,
- Once Employed In Santa Clnrn ;."••\u25a0
; Connty V :\: \-
BAN JOSE,' Oct. 20.— A" Denver attorney has
written' the ' local ; Chief of \u25a0 Policei ln'; regard ; vo
the whereabouts of Christopher. O' Rourkc, who
has fallen heir, to considerable property. In that
city. O*Rourke * was t formerly \u25a0 employed as . »
grave digger. In . Calvary Cemetery a In , this ' city,
but iha went \u25a0 away ; about ten '\u25a0 years " ago.V He
had a wife and two children, who accompanied
STEAL S FARNER'S
COAT AND SHOES
Bold Washington Bandit Is
Satisfied^With the Wearing
Apparel of His Victim
HOLD-UP IS UNIQUE
Thief, After Getting Goods^
Departs, Leaving Eanclier
• Barefooted in His Field
Special Dlapatch to Th« Call.
COLFAX, Wash., Oct.V 26.— The most
unique hold-up ever perpetrated in
Whitman County is reported from j near
Diamond, nine miles west of Colfax. . A
farmer telephoned* -to Sheriff Canute
saying that while ,he .was, plowing a
field near the road a • man i-o«,me ud to
hlni and | held . him up and jj made him
give him- his s4ioes and r coat [ and who
departed leaving the farmer in his bare
feet.---", \u0084 ]. : :% \u25a0 . \u25a0 ';\u25a0 \ ' '
N The. farmer was so badly frightened
6r excited that he could scarcely . talk
and Sheriff Canutt could .not ' under
stand his name. He asked the Sheriff
what he shduld do.* The officer asked
if the robber was still ; there, to which
the farmer replied that he had just
disappeared down the road. Sheriff
Canutt advised the- farmer to try to
overtake the man. and give him his
shirt and trousers. . : . ,
ADMITS HE STAETED
THE TIKES IN 00LT0N
Boy' of Seven Makes Startling
Confession to the
Police. " x
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COL.TON, Oct. 28.— A little seven-year
old boy, Dewey Pritchett, has confessed
that he is the firebug that has kept Col
ton In terror for two months. The , lad
is a son of R. E. Pritchett, an employe of
the Qlobe Mills, and a man highly re
spected in this community. In the pres
ence of Constable Bagley, Marshal Ad
klns and District Attorney L.. M.. Specker
the boy, called from his schoolroom to
the office at the Lincoln School, calmly
answered all questions asked him. and
stated that he has set every fire which
has aroused the city In the past two
months, with 'the exception of two small
ones which occurred at the barn of J.
Osborn. In other words, he g confesses
having burned buildings belonging to
the following named persons on the dates
given: W. W. Wilcox. July 18; Mrs. K.
Tredinnec, August 22; J. Malone, Sep
tember 2; I. W. Brink, September 9; E.
D. Robert. October 9; S. D. Bailey, Oc
tober 21.
The loss amounted to thousands of dol
lars. The boy gave no reason for his
act. He declares no other boys are im
plicated.
VIGILANCE COMMITTEE
MAY BE NECESSARY
People^of Redding Made Un
easy by Actions of a
Firebug.
Special Dispatch to 'The Call.
REDDING, Oct 26.— For the second
time In two weeks, an attempt .has
been made to burn one of the principal
business blocks of Redding. Last night
when Dr. B. E. Stevenson .returned to
ins office on the second floor of , the
McCormick-Saeltzer building he found
the electric light in his room burning
and the room full of smoke. An Inves
tigation showed that some one had
piled papers and rags on a shelf In a
closet and started a fire. The timely
and accidental arrival of the doctor
prevented a conflagration. During, the
last six months five fires have been
similarly started, each time on the sec
ond floor of a prominent building, and
the people are getting uneasy. A vigil
ance committee is very strongly
talked of.
Most people move along the lines of
least resistance. They rent the houses
that are advertised for rent; they-em
ploy the people who advertise \u25a0 f or , em
ployment; they find Investments, pur
chase curios, buy lots that are adver
tised. It is "the way of the world."
GUERNEVIIXE MAN SEVEREST
HURT WHILE AT HIS WORK
Heavy Timber Falls Upon Him and It
. I« Feared HI \u25a0 Injuries Are
Fatal.
BAKTA ROSA, Oct.' 2B.— Sieeo Oregorlo was
seriously - Injured at Ou»rneville yesterday
while * handling timbers. The man was em
ployed, by S. Gorl \u25a0• loadtnr" timber when a
heavy piece fell from the | wagon | and struck
him, breaking his leg and badly bruising him
otherwise. It Is feared that there are Internal
injuries. , - . ,;-.
Aa-ed Divine !\u25a0 Called.
BAN I*UIS OBISPCs Oct. ' 26.— Rer. John
GarxJercoek died to-day in his eighty-fifth year
H« was one of the most : prominent and es
teemed citizens here. ' \u25a0\u25a0> .. . . , .
col
DOGTORMOPp
HIS MEDICINE
Mr. Leigh Hutchins of Houston,
Tex., who had Bright's Disease so badly
last year,' has fully^ recovered.; "And
not only that, but he has now put a
medical friend in the way of recovery.
But. let the letter tell its own story:
HOUSTON, TexVJSept. 27, 1905
.JNO.J. FULTON CO.— Dears Sirs- No
doubt you?will;be surprised atjreceiv-
ing a leter from me, i=as it; has-been
several months tfince- 1 have: written.. or
heard f roni - you. -\u25a0'.• I . haro \u25a0 seen no trace
of albumen this year. 5; I have had testa
made at ' -interval*' since , January. ' But
what I write this to'say- is that I have
a friend,' a homeopathic physician," who
has a decided case; of < Bright's Disease,
two * physicians having < pronounced ait
such and having told' him, they, could do
him, no i good— that his case was hope-
less. \u25a0-.-: Notwithstanding, this,; l prevailed
upon '. him \u25a0 to : try the j Renal ' Compound,
and he \u25a0 already feels much better, after
only: a few days' treatment. \u25a0 The albu-'
men* was * about 25 : per.; cent/and • =he
could not 1 lie ; down. - " Had^ to si t- up all
night. ' Yours truly. '>-' . -\u0084
LEIGH /HUTCHINa
If; this physician had blindly, adhered
to :. his < orthodox '( diuretics, : tonics ,: and
heart = stimulants, .death i> s was v , certain?'
As it is, he ! will j certainly '\u25a0 re- \u25a0
cover. :. Bright's Disease , and f Diabetes
are'now 'curable '. in about ,B7 per'cent "of
all ; cases. \< Send | for free; booklet .to". the
Jno. 'J.-' Fulton ; Co.,; :;409')Wash*nlgton
etreeC S.^ Fv "If : , you* have fa •friend * who
has either, of these^dlseasesseridius, tho !
narne^and^we.willtmail' bookletandillst
"of 'l agents. ~; lt i. is : like , throwing Ja life-"
line.l for,- nine-tenths'; of j the } people' atill
haveT the " popular prejudice . that these
diseases are necessarily fatal. ' - •
From Wrecked Steamer Alameda — onsaleto.day
Wednesday last' our buyers attended' the Underwriters* Auction Sale and secured nearly
all of the entire offering of Salvage from the wrecked steamer Alameda. These goods consti-
tute the remaining Salvage . taken ' from the ship and include several lines not yet offered .to
the general public. Our purchase -included wines and liquors, men's furnishings, dry goods,
-400 French dressed dolls, 1500. baseballs and other goods, all of which we shall place on sale
just as promptly as they h can be unpacked. As with our former big purchase of Salvage, the
damage consists principally of water-soaking, but not enough to do material injury. To-day's
offerings include \u25a0
Victoria la wris From the 25c Khaki Cloth, 12 l £c a Yard
\REvr%*i* tZ*> -r+ V»^wW This is the genuine kind from which soldiers' uniforms
Uff iLLfti a I all} are made. There Is nothing to take its place for la-
>.. V ! " . ' _ M«vi dies' and children's dresses, etc. We have*f*>l/
We have just 800 pieces of, these goods. They are the" 100 pieces of the regular 23c grade. Sal- I /Vir
real Victoria ~> Lawn, so much in use for. ladies': )r i vage Sale price^ yard Ammf^^t
and children's waists,. dresses, aprons, etc. The ; lr' , jp j»j • «• ay »» \u25a0 -
regular 10c quality, priced for Salvage Sale, yard 1 *!/" B^/a|Cffn/7C If 7L V 7i¥fi
We also have an 18c quality for 9c a yard and/a 25c n 7^ ' H \i. ! HI fv
quality at lie a'yard. ' One of the best bargains of the Sale. This Is a heavy,
r -. \u25a0: . • shrunk material, with pretty corded stripes f
YlVidtnms Flannel, 6 l 4c Yd. E^!^ .."? ": a ! uy : .. s ". 1 : if
650 pieces of an extra* heavy grade of the best quality MltfK IrtWPK If Fulfil
Tennis Flanner ever shown; about 50 patterns to se- ' lIHVn IVIITV.IJ; I V. badVII
lect from. We have pinks and blue for night dresses. 500 dozen extra size (20x40), such_as are being sold-
etc; also grays, reds and a number .of£\ A over town for $1.50 a dozen. These Towels are a
other colors for Children's Dresses, etc. Sal- fj /tLf little water-stained, but otherwise in perfect if
vage Sale price . ...... ;v; v ........... w\ •%< condition. Salvage Sale price, each \u25a0** \u25a0
1 Men*s Furnishings From the Alameda
No one can afford to let this chance slip. Space permits us to mention only a limited
number of items to-day. The bargains are well displayed in the department for easy selection.
' SALVAGE SPECIALS
Wool Ribbed Shirts and Drawers — All sizes; in brown Blue Flannel Overshirts — Siugle-breasted; sizes 15 and
only; heavy weight. Regular price $1.00. iZQ* i^Vx only. Regular price $1.00. Salvage JVC -
Salvage Sale. price *J^C Sale price 7«JC
Heavy Twill Night Robes — Cut full and extra long; Heavy Cotton Ribbed Underwear — Fleeced; in blue
-all-sizes.- Regular-price 75c. Salvage Sale AQ^, and brown; all sizes. Regular price 75c. fiQ/>
price... i^C~ ' Salvage Sale price TrOC
Percale Shirts — Stiff bosom, with cpffs to match; size Canton Flannel Shirts and Drawers— Shirts, 36 to 44;'
1 6 y* only. Regular- price 75c. Salvage OC^, drawers, 30 only. Regularly priced at 50c *}/#/.
Sale price. . '. fc*/C • and 75c. Salvage Sale price «."C
. All-Silk Shield Bows— -Pointed and. square ends; in Washable Club Ties — Made of Madras, Cheviots and*,
latest shades. Regular price I2^c. Salvage C- Percale; in neat patterns. Regular price sc. *f -
Sale price:.'.:................. ............ .^C Salvage Sale price .' IC
Win&s arid Liquors Saved From the Wreck
- ':COME EARLY— THEY WON'T LAST LONG. • y ;
Maryland Club "Whlakej- — Bottled by Cahn,. Belt & Co., Claret — Extra Imported; regularly 25c and 40c bottle;
Maryland; bottle (Hie pts. He; dozen, Sl-*»O: qts. 19e: dozen £»2.0<)
Ancoiilnrn Bitter*.— The Etnulne; bottle .1.... flOe Saotcrne — Extra imported; regularly 25c and' 50c;
pS"™. TmWted laree- reeularlv S3 66 bottle- Pts. 14« bottle; dozen. 51.60; qts. 2(J C ; d0z..5».03
ffiSSSrtoSrif^ Blackberry Brandy— Regularly $I.oo. bottle; sale price.
Chartreuse — Imported, large; regularly. $2.50 bottle; Pen^lck Rye* Whisfeey— Full* quart "bottles; VeVls'regu^-
special at SI.BO larlyat $1.25 bottle; sale price, bottle «.">c
Jamaica Ginger — The purest and best Cahens; bot..sc old Belmont Whiskey — 10 years old; bottle 7r»e
Anisette — Large bottles; regularly $1.00 .bottle; sale Stonsbton Bitters— The great tonic; regularly 50c; spe-
price, bottle 45c jcial 2Oc
NQ TELEPHONE OR C. O.D. ORDERS. THESE PRICES FOR FRIDAY ONLY.
Flannelette Kimonas 49c A . . \u0084--- . \\ Silk Collars 10c Each
,£a' 25 dozen- ofJ Choice Creamery W^V 4 « !; '".'.'., ••\u0084, \u25a0
o*k" BUTTER^ 1 ! C "S^^^^^^
\^^^^h SSKtm&ii Ca!l VY ° U TheSe M ?eS X StS P JS2g. S1 T k hes°Se r9 th O e f
mgsm® MB SS&S'iSi* i W * don't see how you can, asj .^y,^.....,..^
'j§^W^|- ce i a e c : d Vhe" '' we same goods are priced <] Allover Aprons 69c
'''^^Ifamwrfo- aif y haVe the \' higher elsewhere. Give us a trial \
,J«HS .^t^^y order and convince yourself. ;| M f n e d t^L^llT^^^^
"itKIPP" appropriate- „ t . • v „ «' : 'i---«*.^« 1 Bottom of the skirt so that entire
ly. trimmed. They would be excep- <\ Cranberries New Cape Cod. Qt..l2c |; form Is covered; string ties in
Uional values at 75c and KQ v BoUed Ea.tem «am— Morell's or > \u25a0 Jf^SnlS stoo ?" vWr^ eS JS* tO •
Price Frlday SurprlBe ftyC Kingan's; 1b.... 2Sc ;! Jt, d Sf|ursl^ prle.? l^ ffif
; They', will'be" sold' 'on 'the' main ![ Salad-Best potato; lb Oc J; v
floor; only 2 to a customer. | Coffee — Highest grade Costa Rica; I 1I 1 ~~~*~~~ r ~~~+~~~*
\u25a0 \u25a0 -;\u25a0-;-.;\u25a0\u25a0;-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0- j: ..!?."^^^^^SSS Coal Hods 15c
DreSS Trimmings 50C a Yd. !; Macaroni, Vermicelli or Spaghetti — !; This 13 a good, strong coal hod
All of our $125 and $150 Dress I; ,£^*rly, 25c a box; sale price^ **%!*£ fanned and 5 ol F medlS '
A Tr?mmingi VhfelAte* chiffonfsifk bb ° X^ .->Oc ,; size; always sold Jor 25c -. jn
and Persian applique ef- Cf\^\ Jell-O Ie« Cream Powder— Package 1; Friday Surprise price l^Q
fects. Will be sold at Frl- \< •••• l.Oe ; ','*
. day Surprise price, yard.. w " -/ ' <^^ >^ J^^ jnj^ jnjlJlJ^ J^ vrij ,; ~*~-~~*~~**~*~-~***.
<: / f zq Patent Leather Belts 17c ij Butcher Knives 9c
bailOr LapS JVC, k |; our new form-fitting Belt, made of I A good steel blade Kitchen Butcher
Boys' and Girls* Sailor Caps, In red '> black patent leather of good qual- •;!\u25a0 Knife; has a stout wooden handle
or blue, embroidered on top >9 i\^ Ity and regularly sold f or, «f f \u25a0- '> \ > ; and will give good service. f\
of cap. Regular price s.oc. \j"Jjr \ . 25c. Will be on sale at itf ', Regular price 15c. Friday Hf
Friday Surprise .price.... • Friday Surprise price. , * cLiJ Surprise price
ways been sold at the ! W «*[| r :\u25a0-'.,.'\u25a0 • , \ rlous difTerent stylos.
rate of 6 rolls for 25c. < 1 K| A l J^iTAVv't RRIJARI/Iv •> ! £ ot K lac ® and em "
For the one day |, \fflp .A*^"AlnJ tCJr>JH/\iC>«-'IV j broidery trimmed; all
WOMAN IS ACCUSED
OF KILLING HEX SON
Mother of Missing Infant
Is Believed »to Have
Killed It.
UKIAH. Oct 26.— District Attorney
Duncah left; this : morning f or ; Green
wood .to conduct the preliminary, exam
ination"^ of ; - Palmyra I Bertoncio Silvia,'
charged -with killing herVone-month
oldsou.;; .The '.child; has • been missingr
since last January. .The woman; has al
layed? the/. Biisploions '[\ of 'i her husband
and ; neighbors by r - telljng.them' that she
had ? sent Ithe1 the" l llttle v 6ne > to* friends, In San
Francisco. v^Tho -woman i la '•'\u25a0 thought to
be demented./ She recently donned male
attire >' and 'I left*' Home, i being ; captured
at Mendocino.':: She had left a' letter, for
her husband. itellingjhimvthat; she" had
drowned" herself; In; the; ocean. ;"
LETTER WRITTEN BT '. DE •: SOTO . .
EXPEDITION^ IS DISCOVERED
After : Blore : Than -Three a
Record of the ; Explorers la Found
\u25a0;-\u25a0".<•; Und*r,a?Bonlder.". ; \u0084
ji ST. > PAUL. , Oct. 26.— After more than ; thr?«
centuries •\u25a0 a \u25a0 record ; of .': the *Da Boto": expedition
has | been found ion ; the I shore ' of » Lake - Itasca
under >m. \u25a0 huge % boulder, \u25a0\u25a0 where \u25a0It has '\u25a0 lain ' un
dlsturbed.^. The i record.'; which ,: Is .written » on
the skin of an antelop*. was found by Chester
Gray/ a farmer living- on the share of Uk»
Itasca. the source of the ' Mississippi River.
He will rend th? record, to the Smithsonian
Institution In . 'Washington. •-'\u25a0-•.
The record, which is barely legible. Is dated
August 0. 1547, . and ; signed by Ferdinand Vll
lena and Sancno Cueva, members of the . r>«
Soto : exploring .- party,' who in the letter *aY
8F& B £$& 1 <^ n(^ many other painful and serious
Ira H II nlii I! €1 a^ ments rrom which most mothers
IMS h%9 B Wxi suffer, can be avoided by the use of
\u25a0 -^p - li This great remedy
*Lg m£ M is a God-send to women, carrying
aSr m m ßß Sra^bf ta ordeal with safety and no pain.
No.woman who nses ''Motfcef 'S Friend" need fear the suffering,
and (danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a cpndition more* favorable to speedy recovery. . The child is
also' \ healthy , strong and — , «. . mmm m m met wsm< a nsm.
woman, and will be sent free in plain (§3 l^^ S EJ^
envelope by addressing application to j«a g^ | g3 \gjm m W
Bradficld Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. a HBBw mm wM
they have named the lake, whence arises tli»
g-reat river in which De Soto had been burled
six years before. "Lake , De Soto."
BOUX.DKR CREEK Ck:t. 26. — Th» Santa
Clara Valley Mill and Lumber Company's mill,
on Xe well Creek, was burned at noon to-day.
Loss. J3O. CCO. -
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D.TpRECKELS. . \u25a0_ IL -_^ llll Ji^^2 • • Proprietor
___ ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
SOUS McXAUGHT. -JL- JLUIL'-IUIH-ll^; ' JiH-lS^^l-^^—
PUBLICATION OrriCE~. .....\u25a0\u25a0 THIRD AND MARgif STREETS SAN FRANCIjCO
FRIDAY .OCTOBER 27, 1905
LABOR CONDITIONS IN NEW YORK.
IMPROVEMENT in the condition of trade and industry and in
the opportunities for workmen to find employment. is most sat
isfactorily shown by the Bulletin of the Department of Labor,
State of New- York, for September. In some ways the figures show
quite an astonishing betterment, and inasmuch as great improve
ments in the metropolis and its State are likely to be an index point
ing to general advance throughout the whole country this latest
report of the department will receive wide welcome. Progress was
steadily climbing a climax until the last month of the last quarter
figures up in the bulletin as a record breaker. )
This is most fjuicklv noted by considering the tables of the
numbers of idle workmen. The betterment for the first half of this
year is decided over the three previous Years of 1902-4; but the most
surprising showing is seen when we notice the advance month by
month. In January there were 22.5 per cent of unemployed mem
bers of representative organizations of wage earners, and by the
months of May and June there were only 8 to 9 per cent of unem
ployed. There are several contributory causes for this change, but
the" main one is said to be the renewed activity in trade. Another
cause is the peaceful settlement of disputes between employers and
employes: and a third is the efficiency of labor organizations in se
curing position^ for skilled workmen. >
Reports from trade unions embracing a membership of 100,000
show that they have only 151 unemployed members per thousand
as compared with 202 last year. At the beginning. of July this year
the proportion is only 91 as compared with 145 in 1902. Some spe
cial trades show remarkable activity ; for instance, the iron, steel and
machinery industries show a decline of the unemployed from 147
to 42 per 1000: the woodworkers from 287 to 93; tobacco from 87 to
36. and clothing from 384 to 102. The avoidance of strikes and lock
outs is largely to be credited with these wonderful figures; in the
last quarter of the year there was only one considerable dispute,
namely, that of the New York building industry.
This Xew York building industry is another subject of aston
ishment. The buildings begun in Xew York City this spring were
7316. as compared with 3164 a year ago. The permits issued for
the second quarter of this year amount to the great sum of 578.
417,896: and for the first haff of 1905 the projected buildings exceed
the cost of those projected in the whole twelve months of either 1902
or 1903. Other cities of Xew York State are also increasing their
building operations; Buffalo for the second quarter of 1905 au
thorized construction to the amount of $2,370,237.
So great has been the general improvement from the many con
tributing causes that there has been a reorganization of the Free
Employment Bureau, because that institution is only partially used.
This was to take effect after October 1, and hereafter the bureau will
be simply an office of registration for wage earners who are seek
ing employment.
JAPAN'S NEXT JOB.
NOT so spectacular as her surprisingly effective war work will
be the task which Japan must now of necessity set herself dil
igently to perform, but the opportunity in it is greater ; it will
require the same intense and concentrated energy, and it will be a
century-long undertaking if it is to be brought to such successful
issue as the late brilliant war will lead the world to expect of the
young giant of civilization. Count Okuma, once Minister of For
eign Affairs and now leader of the progressive party, has been
.lalking about it to the Associated Chambers of Commerce at Tokio.
Now that peace has come to Japan without any payment of in
demnity the debt she is burdened with is the vast sum of $1,250,000,
000. The annual interest will be $75,000,000, and to appreciate the im
mensity of that sum to young Japan jt is to be remembered that it
is nearly twice the sum that ten years ago the revenue from all fiscal
sources yielded. The per capita share in the national debt is four
times what it was two years ago, and is now $25 per head. Considering
the comparatively small earnings of the bulk of the Mikado's people,
this is an immense load of debt. It is expected to act as a guarantee
of peace so far as Japan's aggression is concerned for generations to
come; and as for any power attacking the little empire, the treaty
recently made with Great Britain assures her of safety from any
unjust quarrel. The uneasiness that Japan might cast covetous
glances upon the Philippines seems unfounded on correct calcula
tion of the trend of events: for European and American financiers
would assist no more unless Japan shows sincere intent for peace.
As for the temptation, or the necessity, of her statesmen to, find
some new outlet for the surplus population, that will not need the
Philippines, for Korea is thinly populated and the Japanese will
have free hand in developing it. >
When Japan failed to win her contention for a war indemnity
it at first sight seemed as if the net result of the war was all glory
but no profit for victorious Japan ; but her material gains will be im
mense. The New York Sun is authority for the statement that the
group of coal mines adjoining the Japanese section of the Man
churian Railway which have been transferred to Japan by the treaty
of Portsmouth are alone capable, if vigorously worked, of paying
the interest on the entire public debt. Besides that, the coal in
the southern half of Saghalien, which Japan won, is of much finer
quality than is elsewhere to be had in the Mikado's empire; and the
fishing privileges granted on the Russian littoral, from Vladivostok
to Bering Straits, are worth from $10,000,000 to $20,000,000 a year.
So there is both intense necessity and immense encouragement for
Japan to be diligently peaceful and industriously enterprising, for
these are but parts of her great opportunities of the aftermath of
THE MINERS' CONVENTION.
T") RESIDENT BENJAMIN of the Miners' Association ' has de
|^ cided, wisely, that its meetings shall be hejld in the mining dis
* tricts of the State. This is good sense and good policy. Not
withstanding the progress of Alaska,- Colorado and Nevada in min
ing. California has still the greatest possibilities as a mining State.
There is evidence that our resources in mining have only been
scratched, and that improvement of processes, and, above all, the
use of electric power, may restore to California her supremacy as a
producer.
President Roosevelt has helped the mines of the State greatly
by promoting legislation which releases the use of hydraulic power
in the mountain streams, that it may be used in developing electric
•energy to run mines and railroads into the mining regions. Here
tofore, since the forest reservations were made, necessitating the
use of coal for steam power, entire mining districts were put out of
commission for lack of power. It is probable that very soon there
will be life in the old camps of Mariposa County from Hornitos to
Hite's Cove, and that the new energy will be felt all over the State.
There is sense and sentiment in holding the meetings of the
Miners' Association on the field of actual operations. They will be
reunions of old mining cronies, the occasion of swapping stories
about Peg Leg Smith and the lost prospects of amazing richness,
and, mingled with the social pleasures, the business will take on a
..practical tone, not possible when the meeting is held in this city.
; The meeting in Nevada County next month will be largely at
tended, and Grass Valley and Nevada City will give a real Highland
'welcome to the honest miners.
Senator Dcpew says it is not wise for corporations to contribute funds
to political campaigns; indeed, it's quite otherwise if it gets found but.—
Houston Chronicle.
Mutual Life policy-holders will probably feel that references to the
"whole Datnm Family" means the McCurdys. — Washington Post. •\u25a0:
V- 1 \u25a0 - . r> ....... . . \u25a0:,..:\u25a0; v. :.-\u25a0. \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 ;•' \u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0•. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . .\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.;\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0.\u25a0-: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0.•';
THE-SAN -FRANCISCO CALU- FRIDAY, -OCTOBER 27, 1005.
THEY'VE GOT TO GIVE IT TO HIM
BUTTINSKY.
The new Webster's International Dic
tionary contains 25,000 words which have
not been printed in any previous dic
tionary. But one word which deserves a
place in any English dictionary was
omitted. That word is buttinsky, says
the Columbia Herald. It is slang, but it
is a word which has earned a respected
place in the language. It has no syn
onym of half its force. No other word
can take its place.
A buttinsky is a man whose own busi
ness is of such small importance that
he amuses himself by assisting in the
affairs of others. He is full of sug
gestions, wise counsel, advice. He is full
of self-confidence. He knows how to
build the Panama Canal and would do it
if given half a chance.
But he. is harmless if properly watched.
At the worst he is merely annoying. His
suggestions are impertinent and the at
tention he attracts is of the same sort
as that attracted by a meddlesome mos
quito.
THE NEW REGIME.
Doctor : Lubbig had on,— and
many of his patients wereV employing
Elector Pond. A little girl who had a
good many brothers and sisters, proudly
announced to a neighbor:
"We have a new baby at our house."
"A new baby!"- said the neighbor.
"Where did you get it?"
"Well, we used to take from Doctor
Lubbig; now we take from Doctor Pond."
-Life. .
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
FOR THE SCHOOL, GIRL.V
A MEDIUM ahade of dark green slcilienne ' fashions this smart shirt
waist suit.; one .which presents many, attractive features for
wear.; The back- follows the fitted 'Jmes of at well r settlngi bodice,
while the fronts are j arranged after a shirt-waist i pattern ;; with -\ broad
pleats. ,<The deep isauarej collar -over the shoulder is a separate affair
and is trimmed with rows of. heavy machine stitching arid a bias fold .of
black velvet The sleeves are^the regulation shirt pattern, the fullness laid
In stitched pleats. at : the wrist,' arid, an- upflarlng scuff; is trimmed with
a velvet fold, en suite ' with ; the collar."; The \u25a0 skirt' is a nine-gored affair,
each gore having two backward turning pleats, , stitched; down iitoT the
knee and then well pressed l from -.there. * The skirt lengthjs to the shoe
tops, 'and the shoe \ pictured represents the latest mode, a shiny black
vamp, with a dark cloth : upper. '-.,.[.. *\u25a0 \u25a0'•' \u25a0-• : ' >"
TEACH YOURSELF TO STAND ALONE
Angela Morgan
I AM asked If I believe it true that "he
Is greatest who most stands alone."
If by standing alone is meant being
able to command the forces within
oneself to meet the problems, sorrows
and difficulties of life, I certainly believe
the statement true.
We do not know anything about our
own resources until we have taught our
selves to stand alone. Not until we can
think for ourselves, decide for ourselves,
and act for ourselves do we become more
than infants in the mpral universe.
We must learn how to suffer alone; we
must learn how to conquer alone; we must
really learn how to HverriO.^a sense
alone, if we would develop into grown
men and women.
The more completely we do stand alone
and the less we depend upon external
aids the more conscious do we become of
help within ourselves. , ["' ." ; ' \u25a0--
Further, than this, if we will persist
ently seek in ourselves the strength; the
comfort, the health . and the happiness
we are tempted to seek without, we shall
discover within us regions of power and
beauty such as we never dreamed ex
isted.
For I believe it true that all of us have
resources we do not suspect; ..that there
are unexplored continents within .us
awaiting development. We have been so
accustomed to .looking without that we
have neglected to look within and have
been in ignorance of our hidden powers.
Sometimes, when grief has goaded us
and pain or heartache urged us, we have
caught glimpses of these unguessed re
gions; but rarely have we had the cour
age to explore them.
Philosophers and poets, in all ages have
sought to impress upon us the truth that
in ourselves are the elements of strength,
beauty, happiness, for whioh we are ever
searching without. And these seers have
shown us that in the end it is to this hid
den source within we must all come for
the good we crave. .
"If thou wouldst have aught of good,
have it from thyself," said Eplctetus.
"It is only as a man puts off- all for
eign support and stands alone that I see
him to be strong and to prevail," de
clared Emerson! ' ' ' -
And Browning says: t :
"There is .an inmost center in us all \
Where truth abides in fullness, and
around, v
Wall upon wall, the gross flesh hems it in.
This perfect, clear perception, which is
truth.
A baflling and perverting carnal mesh \
Blinds it and makes all error; and 'to
know
Rather consists in opening out a way
Whence the imprisoned splendor may es
cape
Than in effecting entry for a light
Supposed. to be without."
There comes a time in every man's life
when he finds lie must stand stripped of
all aid from without. When he must face
some great sorrow, some terrible problem,
or some dread crisis and meet it with sin
gle strength. At such a time he. is com
pelled either to discover himself or fail
utterly. If he is brave he will go within
himself; will find his hidden center; will
explore the unsuspected continents and
become king of a new empire.
None of us can boast that he is entirely
independent of the people and the condi
tions about him for help and encourage
ment. We all depend in a sense upon the
books we xead, the minds we encounter,
the' scenes that meet our eye, for much
of the happiness and inspiration we find in
life. '
Yet all these external influences are
mere agencies in helping. us discover our
selves. • *
Gd to your, friend for sympathy; that is
natural. Go to your books for comfort,
for counsel But the time will come when
no book, no friend,, can decide your prob
lem for you; when nothing can help you,
nothing can save you, but yourself.
Begin now to stand alone.
WALKING A LOST ART.
The elevator and .the' street car are
doing damage to man's anatomy. Every
elevator boy can tell of instances where,
a man will push the electric button till
it rings like a general fire alarm, call the
elevator from the basement, get in at .the
seventh floor and as the car begins to drop
shout- "sixth l" There; are busy men who
will wait ten minutes for' a street car
to' ride one block. As for long walks in
the country and I the exploration of fields
and : woods, : why, perish the pernicious
thought! On Sunday, after a week cooped
up lni the office or the shop, a man -must
spend ; his week's earnings J for a buggy
or an 'auto. Even the tramp would rath
er steal a ride, on the truck of a freight
car, than ;'i be true :to his name. People
ought to walk, more for recreation. It Is
a. fine way of ". seeing the , near-by coun
try. It " ; is exercise ; that gives strength
to the body and the brain.— Washington
6tar..-- \u0084.\u25a0-' ' -.-.; .* , \u0084. . -
SATIRE FROM THE SULTAN.
.The ' Sultan of Turkey after many years
of j waiting is squaring an account with
Russia.' He is preparing tb N address a
formal > note -to the ;Czar protesting
against : the ' barbarous massacre of ?Ar
menians In the Caucasus . provinces of the
Emperor , Nicholas; " It was Russia that
was most'; persistently annoying to Abdul
Hamld.'in demanding ; the stopping of the
slaughter ,of the 1 Christian Armenians |in
.Turkish ] territory. '. Diplomacy, is fa barren
field-; for} humor ,= as [ a rule, but the J Turk
here , is developing a satire , the \ mast sar
donic that "... international £ statecraft ,' has
known \ for -years.— Cleveland i Leader. ' *
. Townsend's! California' 'glace fruits
and', choicest J candies ,in artistic fire
etched boxes. New store, 767 Market.. *
:. ?. Special '• information \u25a0\u25a0 supplied 'dally,; to
business houses'. and" public men ' by the
Press Clipping Bureau CAllen's), 30 Cal
ifornia, street. Telephone Main 1042. •\u25a0"
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. Waterhouse
THE ISLAND OF BOSH. j
• AM the Kins of the Island of Bosh j
I \ In the beautiful jFlubdub Sea. j
*And I strut on the shore- that its wa
ters wash,
. Awaiting the plaudits for me.
I'm the Earl of Fudge and the Duke or
Cant
And the Marquis of Shallow Pretense,
And the ghost of a thought, as I freely
grant,
In my forehead would make large
dents., I
But my subjects are many, as you may
know.
If I sneeze they- sneeze, their devotion
to show.
And if I have a cold their noses they
blow —
Oh, their loyalty's really touching.
If my gout inclines me to slightly halt.
The people of Bosh go lame;
If my viands I eat without any salt.
My subjects all do the same;
If I honor the Lord by going to church,
Religion is quite the style;
If I bow to the devil upon. his perch.
My' courtiers benignly smile. .
For the Earl of Fudge is a very great
Earl,
And the Duke of Cant is a social pearl.
When I say, "Now, dance,", then my
subjects whirl.
For their loyalty's really touching.
Oh, I am the King of the Island of
. Bosh,
With millions to heed my flat;
I'm the Highmuckymuck of the Great
O Gosh.
And I'm fond of a codfish diet.
If I wear full trousers they wear theirs
wide.
For they see very well what the
• 'right is;
If I have a pain in my princely side,
They all have appendicitis.
Yes, I am the King of the., Island of
Bosh.
The Highmuckymuck of the Great
O Gosh:
If my hands are dirty my subjects.
wash.
For their loyalty's really touching.
FABLE OP THE LITTLE BOY.
Once there was a Little Boy. who
was observed loitering about a pantry
in which was a choice and succulent
gooseberry pie. Soon the Little Boy
departed from the pantry and it was
noticed that the gooseberry pie de
parted about the same time; so his
mamma called the Little Boy to her
and instituted an official investigation.
"Willie," she said, "did you steal the
gooseberry pie"
"No, mamma," was the response of
the innocent little lad, "I did not
steal it."
"But you were in the pantry, and the
pie was there; then you were gone
and so was the pie, and—"
"I admit, mamma," the Little Boy In
terrupted, "that I took the pie. but In
deed I did not steal it." •
"What did you do, then?" his mamma
inquired.
"I only grafted it."
Now It so happened that the Little Boy's
mamma had watched the Dear People
and consequently knew what not to do
in such cases; so she did not Imme
diately elect him to office, but instead
she went into the yard and cut a large.
stingful and effective switch, with
\u25a0which she argued with the j innocent
little lad concerning the error ' of his
ways.
"Now," she said, after she had argued
until her arm ached 'and the Little Boy
looked more or less like some interest
ing: ; and rare red-striped tiger in a
zoo-t-"now are^you sorry?"
"You bet I am, mamma," was the
dear child's feeling response, as he
rubbed the beautiful red stripes.
But after the Little Boy was safely
out of doors his Sweet "Sister said to
him:
"You know very well that you were
not a bit sorry for^what you did."
"I didn't say I was," responded the
Little Boy, "but I was mighty sorry for
what mamma did."
Moral — Frequently our pain and re
gret are very largely due to the fact
that we have been caught at it ' and
been obliged to take the consequences.
"Didn't I hear young Swiftleigh kiss
ing you last night, Ethel?"
"I shouldn't wonder if you did, mam
ma."
"Well, "I am surprised!"'
"So was I. }I thought it would take
him at least a week longer."
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
COULD NEVER FTJTO THEM.
Mrs. Wise— What kind of
shirt waists do you like the
best? '\u25a0",
Mr. Wise — The kind'you can't
wear my ties with.
sure sign. ;.-\u25a0
Jiggson— How /can • you • al-.
ways " locate a ' good place to
\u25a0fish? : :;: .\u25a0- ; \u25a0;• , : _\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;
/Jackson — By the number of
" empty v - bottles " lying on the .
bank. ' _
THE SMART SET
Sally Sharp
Miss Stella Fortmann. who enter
tained at a tea yesterday In honor of
Miss Jessie McNab, incidentally an
nounced her own engagement to Dr.
T. Edward Bailly.
The interesting news produced much
pleasant excitement. Miss Fortmann
being a very popular member of 30
ciety She la the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Henry. S- Fortmann. Mr. Fort
mann being president of the Alaska
Packers' Association. ,
Dr Bailly is one of the chiefs of the
visiting staff of St. Mary's Hospital
and well known in his profession. The
wedding is very near at hand and will
be a quiet home affair.
At yesterday's affair, which was con
tinued until a late hour for felicita
tions, were Miss Jessie McNab. Miss
Susie McNab. Miss Lavinla Hoffacker.
Miss Elizabeth Smith of Scotland, Mis 3
Kate Smith of Scotland. Mrs. Linda
Bryan, Mrs. Joslah Howell. Mi 33 Geor
gie Spleker. Miss Gertrude Campbell.
Miss Sheridan. Mrs. Andrew Welch.
Mrs. Louis Welch, Mrs. Alanson
Weeks. Mrs. Joseph Austin. Mrs. Eu
gene Lent. Mrs. William Leraman. Mrs.
Guldo Musto. Mrs. Vincent de Laveaga,
Mrs. Alice Demlng and Mrs. Harry
• • •
A transformation scene was enacted
at the Sequoia Club last evening, when
the presence of gaily garbed men and
women gave evidence of a backward
turn in the calendar. No suggestion
of latter day California appeared and
the commingling of costumes of an
other era presented humanity In kalei
doscopic mien. The fantastically at
tired throng danced in the large recep
tion room, which was divested of all
furniture.
Costumes of the early-day settler ran
the gamut from cowboy attire to aristo
crat In gold lace and magnificent lerape.
Rebolaa and mantillas adorned the fem
inine head, while the melodious click of
castanets added snap to the affair.
Music by the Spanish orchestra lent
further Inspiration, as was evidenced by
the softly undulating motion of Cachu-.
cha. La Danza and La Jota.
'Twas a gala sight and Sequoia was
rejuvenated by the laying aside of staid
action temporarily, the play time setting
gracefully and naturally upon each par
ticipant.
The committee on entertainment main
tained eternal vigilance, allowing none to
fall Into possession of Dull Care— the
demon to be flouted on this occasion. His
complete overthrow was due to the ef
forts of Mrs. Eugene Lee. Mrs. Lewis H.
Long. Mrs. Maynard Dixon. Miss Mary
E. Griswold and Jules Mersfelder.
Miss Nell Rose Baggett will entertain
a large number of guest 3 to-day in the
apartments of her mother at St. Dun
stan's.
Five hundred is the motif and there
will be a conclave of debutantes.
• • • * •'-•-'. '••#\u25a0
Two score or more of bridge cohorts
will assemble at the home of Mrs. Henry
Foster Dutton next Tuesday, the affair to
be an enjoyable reunion of many con
genial friends, who have not met since
early summer.
• • •
Miss Anna Ide and Miss Marjorie Ide.
who recently arrived from .. the Philip
pines, are to make an Indefinite stay In
this city, of which pleasant fact advan
tage is being taken by society.
Several affairs are in the near distance
for the Misses Ide. the first large occasion
to be a luncheon in the Palm Garden
on November 7.
Mrs. Harry Wllliar and Miss Etellca
Wllllar have issued several invitations for
the event, which promises to be delight
ful. The Misses Ide are daughters of th»
Philippine Commissioner and were with
the Taft party while In the Orient..
Professor Henry Morse Stephens of the
University of California will speak before
the Twentieth Century Musical Club next
Tuesday evening at Wheeler's Auditor
ium. A reception will be held by the
members for their friends. Professor
Stephens to speak upon "Beethoven as
the Representative of the Spirit of Hia
Times."
• • •
Miss Rachel Warren of Chicago, who
will spend the winter In San Francisco,
will be one of to-day's tea hostesses, a
number of guests having been bidden in
formally to Miss Warren's home on Cali-
• • •
Miss Claire Nichols will be on* of to
morrow's tea hostesses, entertaining a
large number of guests in her Broadway
home in honor of the Misses Brewer pf
San Jlateo. -. v ; : . -
* * • •
Mrs. George Lyman Colburn has re
turned from her fortnight's outing at
Byron Springs.
A.\D SHE GRABBED HIM.
"I'm surprised to hear of
Gruefs engagement. I didn't
think he was a marrying man."
"He wasn't unti^ he met a
marrying woman."
WOULDN'T HAVE TO WORK.
r -Weary — Say. Dusty. I'd
rather strike oil dan gf>ld.
Dusty— Gold's de best.
Weary — I know, but oil
cornea • uo; itself.WINNERS GIVEN
THEIR PRIZES
Guardsmen Who Won Events
in the Military Tourna
ment Receive Trophies
CO3OIEXDS F COMPANY
Governor Pardee Sends Let
ter to Captain, Praising
His \u25baShowing at Muster
The prizes won at the military tourna
ment given by the First Regiment, N. G.
<_'\u0084 at Mechanics' Pavilion on September
21. were distributed at the National Guard
Armory. Page and Go ugh streets, last
nigtst. Nearly all the prize winners were
men or teams from Company F, the
crack company of the regiment.
The prizes were given out by Colonel
CJeorge Filiner, commander of the regi
ment. The lucky winners were enthu
siastically cheered by their comrades and
a large gathering of ladies who are much
Interested in the welfare of the regiment.
In addition to the fact that his com
pany tcok nearly all the prizes at the
; tournament. Captain Herman G. Stlndt
<f F Company is jubilant over a letter
from Governor Pardee congratulating
him on taking the highest percentage at
muster. The Governor praises Captain
Stindt and his two lieutenants, Diedrich
A. Hagens and William Grant Hyde,
highly, for the standard of efficiency to
- which they have brought the company.
F Company was given the rating of
t0.6, an unusuai.y high percentage for a
National Guard organization. In his let
ter the Governor recalls the time when
Jie was captain of a company in Oakland
and admits that the percentage obtained
by Company F is a remarkably good one.
Governor Pardee wished Captain Stindt
the same success at the next muster.
"No one knows better than I." the Gov
ernor concludes, *t..e hard work that It
takes to bring a company up to such a
standard."
Following are the prize winners:
Full equipment race — Sergeant J. JR. Branch,
Company F: Private Cummings, Company B;
Private Cavenaugh, Company A.
Bayonet race— Private DiiUngham. Company
H:; Sergeant Hamm, Company F; Private R.
H. Gill. Company D.
£he!ter-tent race— Serjeant F. E. Strick
land and Corporal A- Meyer of Company F,
Sergeant Bcrderman and Sergeant Wagner of
Company B.
Shoe race— Private Feldman. Company A;
Private Johnson. Company F, and Private
Cohn. Company H.
Black-cartridge race— Musician Doberty,
Company *"; Private Fisher. Company E; Pri
vate Halloday, Company 11.
\u25a0 Wail ecaling — F Company's team, consisting
\ cf Private Johnson. Sergeant Hamm. Private
I' Mitchell and Corporal Simmons, in the remark
ble time of 40 seconds.
Captain Stindt is willing to back his
wall-scalir.g team against any team in
.the regular army. Among the interested
spectators of the distribution was Police
Judge Alfred J. Fritz, candidate for re
olection oa the fusion ticket. He was
heartily cheered by the guardsmen. The
decorations in the armory hall were un
der the supervision of Regimental Quar
termaster Lev> and Color Sergeant Johu
C Brady.
BOGUS KESTBAINING
ORDER OF X 0 AVAIL
Cil.v Treasurer McDougald
Cashes Demand for Tele- •
grapli Hill Purchase.
A clerk «-mpir.yed by FiFher Ames. th« well
knrwn attorney, served what purported to De
a res-training order on City Treasurer Me-
Douirald y«?.«terday to preveiit the payment ot
.two demands In the sums respectively of
$415.0 and (1933 to C. A. Wctmore and j. P.
iVermor" in payment for the purchase trice
of Isn'is for the preservation of Telegraph Hill
TTip retraining order was supposed to hay«
boen Ipfup<l by Superior Judge Slops in the
case of John Center against Auditor Eaenr
*nd Treasurer McDoueaJd to declare the pur
chase of the land off for the rfaaon that th»
«-nnstruction of a park on Telegraph Hill is
uriiieoes pa ry-
The attention of Treasurer McDouraM was
<.aS!e«J to the fact that the restraining orj#r
order hai not been K'.ened by Judge Sloes at
ill. Further inquiry disclosed that J-i&gi
JMos* had refuM^d to affix his elrnature to
t'r\f onjer end that nothing stood In tbe way
uf tbe payment of the demands If th«"y were
audited properly by Auditor Baehr.
*\ A. Wetmore accordingly presented bi» de
mand for $4150 to Cblef Deputy Treasurer
Pfrkitu, who. finding it in proper fhape,
promptly cached It. Auditor Baehr bea not
?et audited the other demand for $1923 in
tavor of G. P. Wetmore because the title to
the I<H ie not perfect and must be ftraigrhtened
nut before the rfty pays for it.
BAXK CL.ARKS' BAAftL'BT.
The Ean Francisco Chapter of the American
Institute of Bank Clerks gave lt» annual ban
quet at the California Hotel last night. It wa«
ji treat iMjrcese In *very way. Over 100 repre
wntatjve* frort the different banks of the city
rsrticJpaied tri the feaet. Speeches were mad*
by FTar.k C. Mortimer, Rollln C. Ayres. A.
C. Miller. Jarne* K. Lynch, Henry L». Clapp,
\V. B. Cnmpton «nd Ft. W. Bnaw. Music fov
.the Delleptane orchestra end song's by the
Knickerbocker quartet Added to the enjoyment
«f the occasion. The entertainment vu ar
ranged by George L. Woolrlch and Horace G.
White Jr.
Sny% Swe<-«h«-nr» Stole Rfnjr.
J. J. Foley. Hermann ana Duboc« streets
obtained a warrant from Police Judge ilogan
yefterflay for the arrest of Jeanette Melle*
on a charge of petty larceny. He say» h* had
been keeping company with the girl and on
the eight of October 12 while they wert
Bitting on a bench in the park, holding hana»,
the clipped a diamond ring, valued at $4A
off hi* finger. She kept It and when he asked
n*r for It she declined to return It.
POSTC3I CEREAIi.
WORK A PLEASURE.
It Is One of the Real Joy» Given Us.
—
"Postum Food Coffee bas done more
for m* In two years," writes a Wiscon-
sin young lady student, "than all the
inedicines and treatments I had em-
ployed to overcome the effects of the
< offee poisoning: that was killing: me
l>y degrees.
"I had all the familiar symptoms and
suffered all the well-known tortures.
My stomach was wrecked and I could
not c-at. my head ached almost continu-
ally, 1 became the nervous victim of in-
somnia, and the capacity for study de-
nf-rtfA me. Of course this came on
Rradually, and without suspicion, for a
long: time, as to the cause.
•Two years ago a friend enthusias-
tically urgred me to quit using the old
kind of coffee and to drink Postum
Food Coffee. I have never regretted
acting upon the advice. As soon as the
coffee poison was eliminated, the
strengthening and nourishing proper-
*tioE of Postum began to build me up.
"Each day I grained a little, the color
crept back to my cheeks, my limbs
pounded out with new .flesh, my com-
plexion grew fair and clear again," my
digestion Improved, and now I can eat
anything fat any time, the nervous In-
somnia has left me and I sleep soundly
at night and wake up refreshed. I have
no more headaches, and mental work
has become a pleasure to me." Nama
given by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich.
There's a reason.
Read the little book,- "The Road to ,
WtilvilJt," In each pk*r.
OFFICERS OF CRACK COMPANY
F. FIRST REGIMENT. NATIONAL.
GUARD OF CALIFORNIA.
EMMA EAMES
CHARMS CROWD
AT ALHAMBRA
A brilliant crowd came to greet
Emma Eames last night at the Alham
bra, when, with her goodly company,
she gave the first of her two concerts
of the week. It was as large a crowd
its it was brilliant, and as musical as
it was well dressed, for among the
sheerly beautiful memories of grand
opera Eames in "Le Xozze.di Figaro,"
In "Aida," stands with the brightest.
The disappointment felt at her opening
Mozart aria was only flattering 1 . Curi
ous, but Eames paid San Francisco the
compliment of being nervous. She was
distinctly nervous, feeling her way fn
the "Cosi. fan tutti" aria. She seemed
doubtful of the hall, ill at ease with
her audience." The exquisite purity
and simplicity that marked her Mozart
of three years ago was not there. But
encored, Madame Eames warmed to the
"II Bacio," later to come to-— in the
Tosti "Good-by," with the Browning
"God's in his heaven, all's right with
the world." a triumphant dramatic lift
that set the audience shouting. Both
encores these, to a group of lieder,
Strauss. Brahms and Henschel, the lat
ter with the "Spring Song." Here it
was that Eames began to sing like the
Eames of lovely memory, and here It
was that the house began to shout. But
she was heard at her best only in this
last. One therefore awaits Saturday's
concert with Impatience, with Its ex
cerpts from "La Tosca,' its Massenet
and Bach arias and a new group of
songs that will be substituted for the
programmed colsing duet with Slgnor
Crogorza.
In Gogorza Eames has a delightful
assistant. He is artist, poet to his
finger tips, admirable alike in English
ballad. In the French chanson, in the
dramatic demand of the "Toreador
Song" — space go.ne? Then one can say
only that Hollman's cello playing- is
tasteful and sympahetic and that Mr.
Weber plays the piano like a g-entle
man. BLANCHE PARTINGTON,
PERSONAL.
E. B. Klmball of Orovllle Is at the Pal
ace.
H. S. Demlng of^Santa Cruz is at the
Palace Hotel.
J. B. R. Cooper, a Monterey banker. Is
at the St. Francis.
Mr. and Mrs. F. A. West of Stockton
are at the St. Francis.
Thomas B. Dozier, an attorney of Red
ding, Is at the Palace. '
Joseph Scott, a prominent attorney of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace. ,«*?.'!
S. 11. Wheeler, one of Reno's largest
lumber dealers, is at the Palace.
E. H. Winehip of Napa Is stopping at
the Palace. He is accompanied by his
wife.
E. W. Churchill, a Napa banker. Is
registered at the St. Francis 'with his
wife and daughter.
S, A. Moss, who is prominently con
nected with California dredger min
ing enterprises, is booked at the St.-
Francis. , -;•',%\u25a0;
Dr. Elmer D. Stone, superintendent of
the State Insane Asylum at Napa, ts reg
istered at the Ct. Francis, accompanied
by his wife.
Theodore B. Wilcox, the flour magnate
of Portland, Is registered at the Palace.
Mr. Wilcox Is cx-presldent of the Trans-
Mlssiesippi Commercial Congress and
chairman of Its Congressional committee.
SERGEANT WINS REWARD
FOR FINDING A JEWEL
Beautiful Diamond and Sapphire
Bracelet Found In the Prenidlo Is
\u25a0 Returned to Its Owner..
A lost diamond and sapphire bracelet, the
property of Mrs. Morris Meytrfeld Jr.. 180 a
Calif oral* street, was found by Sergeant Ken
nedy In tbe Presidio grounds and returned td ha
owner A liberal reward was given to the err.
reant by Mrs. Meyerfeld, who valued th«
bracVlet at about $1000.
Mrs. Meyerfeld was out for a walk in the
Presidio last Sunday afternoon, and while go
lme from the Central-avenue gate jto the car
station dropped the valuable Jewel, which was
missed shortly afterward. A . thorough • search
was made, and the matter was reported to the
police and military authorities, and, although
a liberal reward was offered. \u25a0 the bracelet. was
not found until Sergeant Kennedy happened
to p&ei that way and , found It lying in the
walkv \u25a0 • \u25a0
THE SAN FRANCISCO ' CALL,' FRJDAYf < OCTOBER -. 27, 1905:
CITY SWEARS
HER EXPERTS
Contractors Higgins and
Emery Give Actual Cost
of Spring Valley Work
ESTIMATES FAR APART
Price Paid by Water Com
pany Muck' Lower Than
Its Witnesses Figured
In the hearing of the suit of the
Spring Valley Water Company against
the city to enjoin the collection Of wa
ter rates under the schedule of 1903,
City Attorney Percy V. Long and En
gineer Expert John H. Dockweiler in
troduced their first witnesses for the
defendant. They were Robert Higgins
and J. S. Emery,, contractors who had
built some of the Spring Valley tunnels
and dams under contract and could
testify absolutely as to what the work
had cost. Experts for the water com
pany had testified merely as to their
estimates of the cost, not as to the ac
tual cost. Mr. Lfong contrasted these
estimates with the actual contract
prices and showed large differences as
follows:
Spring Valley experts— Number of brick laid
per diem by one man, 400; Contractor Hig
gins' estimate, from 1000-to 15»>0 brick per
day. Higgins testified that the total cost of
the bricking and labor on the Bald Hill tunnel
was 534 per thousand brick, as against $50,
the water experts' estimate. 'Cost of labor
on Pllarcltos tunnel No. 1, per estimate.
?31 70 per thousand brick: per Higgins' con
tract price, $24. Estimated cost of brick work
on Locks Creek tunnel. |3l 70 per thousand;
contract price $16. Estimate of total cost of
bricking that tunnel (labor and material), $66
per thousand brick: actual contract price, $43.
Unl\ - ersity Mound tunnel, estimated cost of
bricking, $57 per thousand; contract price, $30
per thousand. Estimated cost of drifting that
tunnel, $12,100; contract price paid. $10,591.
The cost of drifting and bricking the Crystal
Springs tunnel was estimated by Higgins at
$44,727; by the water company's experts at
?57.000.
J. S. Emery testified that he built
the Pilarcitos dam at the contract
price of 36 % cents per cubic yard. The
water company's estimate was 70 cents
per cubic yard and they swore that the
important part of the work was done
by expert white labor. Mr. Emery
swore that the work was done by Chi
nese labor at $1 per diem, the coolies
boarding themselves.
The examination will be resumed be
fore United States Commissioner Hea
cock next Monday at 2 p. m. C. E.
Grunsky, former expert engineer for
the city, will return from the East on
November Ist to testify.
PUTS MORE TEACHERS
OX SUBSTITUTE LIST
Board of Education Assigns
Ten EJigibles in the Recent
Competitive Examination.
The Board of Education yesterday adopted a
resolution providing that the following ten
persons, being the next In order In the com
petitive examination, " held June 17, 1905, be
appointed to the day substitute list in the
order of their standing, the same to take effect
November 1, 1905: Alice Lynn. Kathleen
Horgan Mrs. Clara Arguello, Mrs. E. B.
White, Charlotte Wheeler, Emelie 'Ehlers,
Edith F. Bush, Frank Carr, Anna M. Chap
man. Helen Murphy.
The board approved the salary demands for
October and ordered them paid. • v
Leave of absence was granted Miss Evange
llne Adams.
\u25a0 The board renewed the high school certificate
of R. C. Daniels, and recommended W. F.
Rtgnalda to the State Board of Education for
a grammar school life diploma.
Sitting as a High School Board the board
adopted a resolution fixing the hour of dis
missal of the pupils of the Polytechnic High
School at 3 o'clock. Instead of 3:30, as form
erly pre\-alled.
Younsr Ladiea Give Entertainment.
Dolores Institute No. 7, the most popular
branch of the Young Ladles' Institute, gave
an entertainment and dance last evening, In
Pioneer Hall, Fourth street, near Market. The
entertainment, which was given to help swell
the lodge fund, was ivell attended and a pro
gramme was very well rendered by local tal
ent. During the entertainment several selec
tions were given by M. J. Hynes, and the au
dience showed Its appreciation by encoring him
for every selection. After the entertainment
the hall was cleared and a special dance lasted
until midnight..
Stop!
•Shoes to match your dress at Burns',
112 Geary street •
Insolvent Saloon Man.
"W. .S. Mulllns. Baloon keeper, San Fran
cisco, filed a petition in insolvency yesterday
In the United States District Court. He owes
$3052 and has no assets.
MME. EMMA EAMES
The Greatest American Prlma Donna
shows her appreciation of Lablache —- America's most perfect Face
Powderi An exemplification ; of what science and skill can produce as a
complexion beautifier and a toilet necessity to women of refinement. . "
I Mr ' I'Ld'VoirflbLu ->«J Wehavethoasands of letters
1 to °mfMA BAMBS STORY. | ties and purity of V- :
LABLAGHE FACE POWDER
Insist On having the genuine. Dear Sir,— A* Ihavt uttd yonr Fate
Substitutes are not Only unsat. Ponder for « long tim* % I amjlrmly
Isfactory, but frequently dan- ™%ZSi t Ji£tt} 9*9 *- *"' "' '*-" '* "
gerOUS, On account Of being COm- Believe me, very irulyjfours, ;
pounded of poisonous drugs. zeliedelussan.
It is our aim to use only the highest-priced, purest and most efficient in-
§redients known to science in the manufacture of Lablache Face Pow- \u25a0
er» believing it better to give our patrons full value for their money than
to expend it in. large, illustrated and extravagant advertisements, as
Lablache Face Powder sells on its own merits. .
Flesh, White, Pink or Cream, 50 cents a box. \u25a0
" Sold everywhere or by maiL Send 10 cents for sample. :
BEN. LEVY & CO., French Perfumers,
12s' KINQSTON STREBT, BOSTON, MASS.'
MISCELLANEOUS.
TORIG LENSES
GIVE BEST RESULTS.
They are wide Angle. Lenses and
give larger scope of v vision. We can
duplicate your glasses in this style of
lens. : . x ;
'
105 MONTGOMERY ST. \u25a0>:!
NEAR SUTTERV 0W» OCCIDENTAL HOTEL !
KODAK AGENCY^PHOTO SUPPLIES;
ACTORS PLAY
FOR CHARITY
Make Appeal to Amusement
Lovers of ,the City With
ProgTamme of High Merit
OEPHEUM ; THE : PLACE
Theatrical People Taking a
Warm Interest in the An
nual Benefit Performance
It is a far cry from Tetrazzlni and
Salassa to -the "Pickaninny Band," but
that will give the public some -idea of
the programme which will be offered
this afternoon at the Orpheum for the
benefit of the Theatrical charity fund.
The Associated Theatrical. Managers of
San Francisco have drawn upon the
finest talent, in the city for .this stu
pendous entertainment. Amusement
lovers will find a variety of good things
that will appeal for intrinsic merit as
well as for the cause of those who
might need help.
Owing to the length' of the pro
gramme the curtain will rise at 1
o'clock sharp. No smoking, will be
permft'ted during the performance. The
sale of seats has been very heavy. The
Orpheum boxoffice will be open for the
day. Following is ttie programme:
s From the Tlvoll Opera-house — Luisa Tetraz
zinl and Gaudenzlo Salassa. Giorgio Pol a ceo at
the piano. From the Orpheum— "The Wizards
of Joy," Raymond and Caverly, noted come
dians and parody singers. From the Grand
Opera-house — Mr. Denis O'Sulltvan, the dla
tiijguished barytone; the Pickaninny Band,
from "In Old Kentucky." From the
Alcazar— The balcony scene from "Ro
meo and Juliet"; \u25a0 Juliet, . Miss -Lucia
Moore; Romeo, Charles - Waldron;' 'The
Muse. Miss Nera Rosa. From the Chutes —
Frank Hayes, • famous character comedian;
overture, Rosner's Hungarian Orchestra, E. M.
Rosner, director. From the Orpheum — Direct
from the London Hippodrome, Three Nevaros
equilibrists par excellence. From the Califor
nia Theater — By kind permission of the man*
agement of the Star. Show Olrl . Company,
Carney and Wagner, refined singers and dan
cers. Frcm the Alcazar — Master Harold For
man. the boy soprano, Mr. Marshall P. Gelsel
man at the piano. From the Orpheum — The In
ternational comlques, O'Brien and Butkley. In
a cyclone of fun; Camllle. d'Arvllle, operatic
soprano. From the Central Theater — The petite
comedy In one act, "Turn About Is Fair
Play"; cast — Charles Arundel, a gentleman re
cently married, Henry Shumer; Lucy Arundel,
the wife of Charles, Miss Edna Ellsmere; How
ard ; Leslie, the Intimate friend of Charles,
Herschel Mayall. From the Orpheum — Direct
from New York, "Twelve Broomstick
Witches," vaudeville's latest and greatest nov
elty. From the Columbia Theater— Andrew
Mack, by kind permission of Messrs. Rich and
Harris; from, the Orpheum — Clayton, Jenkins
and Jasper, with their darktown circus: Or
pheum motion pictures, showing the latest
novelties. Stage under the direction of Harry
Orndorff; Philip Hastings, press representa
tive of the Associated Theatrical Managers.
Whose Button Do You Wear?
The San Francisco News Letter, at the
wind-up of this Partrldge-Schmitz campaign,
will have proved itself, '.through. the ably, writ
ten political editorials appearing regularly In
its pages, an important factor in the success
of our anti-graft nominee (and of course, his
success is an assured fact!).
Perhaps Its most vital editorial this week,
still bearing upon the Schmitz administration
of debauchery. Is the scandal at the leper hos
pital. .
"A Meeting In the Water" la the title of a
clever little sketch adapted from the French.
, The different departments are handled with
their usual skill.. . •
H«Tf ' Scrap Over Button*.
Attorney Horace, Ford wears ,a, Partridgt
button and /.Deputy Sheriff Jack Holland a
Schmitz button; In the.HalCof" Justice yes
terday morning they began to" fool with each
other to take the buttons away. From fun
it developed into a scrap and Ford's nails
tore the skin off Holland's noee, which had
the effect of stopping the affair.
Ladle*, a Message for You.
We have received a new line of correct rta
tlonery for correct correspondence. All colors,
styles and shapes from the very best makes
of writing papers made. Tablets, In boxes or by
the pound. Banborn, Vail & Co., 74-1 Market st.«
Threatens to Kill Wife.
Mrs. M. Stenberg. 317 Fremont street, ob-;
talned a warrant from Police Judge Mogan
yesterday for the arrest of her husband, Jacob
on a charge of threats to kill. She said h*
had flourished a revolver in her face yester
day morning and told her he would blow her
head off.
*S 65 for Men* All-Wool Suit*.
To-day, and to-morrow are the last
two days for the sale of 'men's $15 all
wool suits for $8 65 at Herman Lea
ser's, 1057 Market street. •
Jury Acquits MacXelll.
A jury in Judge Dunne's court yesterday,
after a trial lasting three days, acquitted
Louis F. v MacNelll -of a charge *of criminal
assault alleged to have been committed upon
Lizzie Hlguera of 3367 Twenty-first street, on
April 9. Walter J. Campbell's 'trial on a
similar charge Is set for November 1.
,;._„. AMUSEMENTS. '
\u25a0 mf W B^L> Bbl^tsi rLff j
Asf II9E.DDY ST. MMASOVt MASON
;'?\u25a0:. \u25a0 ' SUNDAY'; AF'rEBIVOON, 2 :30. \ '' '\u25a0 - '
Grand \u25a0 Double " Farewell ' Concert -r by *
HUGJHiEERIANN
-: \u25a0'-' ..'.*» vioiJiJfisT •\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0• v •-.:•\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.".-:.-.-'
-:\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 - AND \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0
HMOLDBAUER
.;: , ,_V- PIANIST * \ . . *;..,,
Beethoven' 8 Kreutzer \u25a0 Sonata. • Caesar Francic"B
-:.;.\u25a0\u25a0 ".\u25a0-"• Sonata; In", F. : : :\u25a0•' ,\u25a0--.:
And \u25a0 Brilliant '- Solo ; Numbers by , Both Artlsu. '
Seats $2, $1.50 and fl. General admission j |i;
';\u25a0•' 4 Box \u25a0 of floe nt : Sherman,^ Clay "A ; Co.'s -- '
"COMING— The Watkln *• Mills ' Vocal Quartet.*
iL \ ' w^Ctf / V Cf Jj YJ^vli/i'Uil/ Lt/tllA/ Ly
to supply the demand tor the
>fGVEMBER Number of
The Ladies' Home Journal
The largest number ever printed, and full of new
ideas, as well as stories, music, Mrs. Rorer's cook-
ing pages and Mrs. Ralston's Fashion departments.
i c Gents a Copy -at Dealers
THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY, PHILADELPHIA, PA:
._..-; _[ r^ -^^ n _^_^MUjSEMENTS. ..:...:...
nPPWT7TTM = SP^CIAL"
TO-DAY'S IHE DAY ! — This Afternoon at I O'clock Sharp. , :
SEVENTH ANNUAL BENEFIT ;
Under the Ausplcrs of the •\u25a0.; '
ASSOCIATED THEATRICAL MANAGERS |
OF SAN FRANCISCO * ' ; !
In Aid of Their j
GH ARIT Y FUND j
. Devoted to the Relief of the Sick and Needy In the Profession. ''.' ]
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE ;
Talent from Columbia Theater, Grand Opera. House, California <
Theater. Orpheunj, Alcazar, Tivoli Opera House. Central Theater and ]
Chutes. , p. i
LOOK AT THE ARRAY OF TALENT! |;
Lnlna Tetrnzxlnl, Gaudenzlo Salastia.^Cnniille D'Arvllle, Denla O'Snl- <
Hvan, Andreir Jllack. Pickaninny Band. Charles Waldron and La- *j
eln 'Moore In balcony, acene from •'Romeo and Juliet," 3la«ter Har- <
old Pormaa. leading people from Central Theater presenting '
' ' **Tnrn Abont I» Fair Play," Twelve* Broom«tl(*k Witches, Ray- \
niond and Caverly, O'Brleu aud Ruckley, Three Nevaros, Frank i
Hayed, Clnyton, Jenkins and Jasper, Carney and Wagner and Ira- \
portant others! ' .\ <
RESERVED SEATS Now on Sale at ORPHEUM BOX OFFICE. I
GRAND OPERA
Performance Begins at 8 o'clock Sharp.
LAST TWO WEEKS TETRAZZINI
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORRdW NIGHT
; LA BOHEME
With Coppola, ' Moreo, Tlcci, Gravlna, Dado.
TO-MORKOW MATINEE.
> DINORAH
With TETRAZZINI, Bazelll, Gregorettl.
SUNDAY NIOHT— LAST TIME-
; : /?/- :*-.XU.C'fA '
JfTth TETRAZZINI. Bazelll, Gregorettl.
REPERTOIRE FoS NEXT WEEK:
•-'.- Tuesday, "DINORAH"; Wednesday, "LA
BOHE2HE": Thurtday, "L»A TRA\TIATA";
;:r-Frlday. "NORMA.".' . ..
BEATS ON SALE for ALL, PERFORMANCES.
f*f%l lIMBI J& m FPAHCISCO'S
VU LiU IWI h» Ift lEADIHB 'Hto»
EVERY NIGHT— -MAT. SATURDAY. |
..-•\u25a0 ; THISWEEK. ;-
The Noted -Irish Comedian, A^*.;
ANIMiWMACK
> -\ ;In Hi« Comedy Success, \u25a0 J
"TOM MOOR b"
BEGINNING SUNDAY.
Every IVlßht Except Next Monday.
, ANDREW MACK \u25a0 V -1 ;.-;-: : 'L
'\u25a0\u25a0} ."~. "~ In Edward : E. Roee'a Irish Play, .
<THE WAVTO KENMARE."
Mond*y-^Knlght«-of Columbus Night.
i Mr. V Mack In j.Tom Moore."' .
"The. Prince of; Pllsen" la Coming. \u25a0-
"* { B US H STREET
CH AS. P. HALL. Manager. Phon e Main 127.
25c MATINEE TO-PAY. SAT.. SUA'. i
\u25a0 f '- ".\u25a0\u25a0-": TO-NIGIIT—.ALL WEEK. "'" ' f
"THE STAR
SHOWGIRLS"!
: ,-' "' \u25a0. j .TO-NIGHT
j i COMPETITIVE SIILITARY DRI M,. *
Star Show Girls vs. Cos.'; C and D. First \u25a0 Bat.
:v ? " ;. : Coast Artillery. N. G.: C. ' ;
Pfices— Evening*. '. 15c.\25c. 35c, 50c and 7»c.
Matinees— 2Be ; Reserved. >No Higher.
Xext— "THE JOLLY GRASS WIDOWS."
\u25a0"*• MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LECTURE
''Glimpse of a Sculptor's Studio' 1
LOR ADO T ;/ai F^X
CALIFORNIA CLUB HALL ,
. :v; ;1760 Clay St.. neer^Van Neas aye. /• :
SATURDAY, OCT. 28. 1005. irt Sil.V P.' M.
Admission JI.CO. - ; No ; reserved i scats.
Exuberant Vaudeville!
Twelve Broomstick Witches t Mjcaorlaa
Verarai Clayton. Jenkins and Jaapert
O'Brien and Ducklrys Raymond and
« Caverly, and Orphrum Motion Plc-
• . turei. . |. \u25a0.-'.. . ...;<\u25a0:;
Lnut Times of Wireless Telesraphyt
Three Nevaros, and Dean Edsall and
Arthur. Forbes.
Regular Matinees Every "Wednesday. Thurs-
! day. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c, 28e and 80c.
• .- .- - ' -.'-\u25a0 \u25a0:.» -\u25a0 .• LAST CONCERT.
i|^&»s »ivijyi/\
mP^^^lT A MIT C
Assisted by Mr. Emllio d« Gogorza. Barytone.
Mr. Josef Hollmann. Violoncellist.
• '. Mr. Amherrt Webber, Pianist. .
Seats $3, $2. ?1 50 and $1. at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'».
HAROLD BAUER'S Oakland Concert, "Te
Liberty," This afternoon.
MAJESTIC ii
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE!? TO-MORROW A SUNDAY
EMPHATIC SUCCESS 'OF
FRANK BACON
In Nell Burgess' Famous Play,
THE COUNTY FAIR
Next Week— THE LOTTERY OF LOVE
' Soon— '-'The Light • Eternal."
By; Martin V. , Merle. • .-.
In Preparation— "lf . l Were King."-- :
Evenings. v 25c,' 50c, : 75c. i, Sat. Mat., 25c, 500.
Bargain Mats/ Thur». and San.*, 25c everywhere.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASBBXIiL!
V AT RECREATION PARK.
PORTUNDIs. FRISCO
j Tues., Wed., : Thurs., Frl., 5at.'. .... 3:00 p.m .
i Sunday Morning. .10:30 a. m.
' Sunday Afternoon \u25a0?r*.T."'.tT.~rr.rrrr..~. 2:30 p. m.
I•; V. "Admission. 35c: Grand Stand. 50c.
Weekly Call, SI Per Year
GRAND ggggg
Last 2 Nights SSSSIo.
In Old Kentucky
IV*.Nl<rft+ Grand Buck and Wine
1 O-nigOl Dandux Contest
Note — "In Old Kentucky" Pickaninnies chal-
lenge all comers. Prizes to the wtnaera.
SPECIAL
XEXT SCNDAT MATINEE A NIGHT ONLY.
George Ada's Greatest Comedy Opera. ~ ; \u25a0
PEGGY FROM PABIS
2 m"& s Next Monday
MATINEES WED. and SAT. EACH WEEK.
Election Day Mattnea Tuesday. Nov. 7.
KLAW & ERUNGER'S STUPENDOUS
BEN-HUR
Seats Now on Sale
PRICES $2.00. 91.50. 91.00. 75e and 50c.
No seats laid aside.
No telephone- orders taken.
Mall orders nlled In order received.
ALCAZAR "HIS"'
.. Gaiwral Manager.
TO-XIGHT — MATS. SAT. A7TD SVX.
"Alcazar Show Pleases AH/*- Call.
April Weather
Sot Smith Ruj"tr» Comedy.
Songs. Children and Sunshine.
Eves.. 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat.. Sun.. 23e ttt B9c.
\E.\T .MONDAY— First Time ta Stock.
Plnero's Powerful Problem Play. .
IRIS
Virginia Harned's Sensation.
Soon — THE LITTLE MIXISTER.
CENTRALS
Market Street. Near Eighth: Opp. City Halt
Fhon* South 033.
THIS EVENING— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Big Scenic Production of the Famous ' Railroad
... Melodrama,
-fr-Girl Engineer
ThrUnng Scenes and Situations.
Popular Prices — Evenings 10a to flOe.
Matinee* 10c, ISc. 23c
Next— -BIG-HEARTED JIM. W
BROWNING and WALLY
And a, Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Eveninc in the Theater.
* RIDE ON THE CIRCLE SWI.VG!
VISIT THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD!
CAKE WALK SATURDAY NIGHT:
: ADMISSION . .\lOc | CH1LDREN. ...... .8e
See the Babies la the Infant Incubators.
. iruu
HOTEL
Compressed Air cleaning plant.
Room telephones.
Steam heat and open firaa.
Perfect ventilation. \u25a0
. : Pip* organ and orchestra.
Perfect service.
' Unexcelled .' cuisine.
Every luxury attainable.
-' *
910
SPORTS
PAGE
KAUFMANN'S FRIENDS SAY
HE WILL PUT O'BRIEN OUT
Bettors Willing to Wager 10 |o}6 on
Big Fellow's Chances.
A1EN MUST GO ALL THE .TIME
California may srlve to the world an
other heavyweight champion to-night.
The wis» mencf pusrdom pick Al Kauf
mann to brinsf over a haymaker on the
jaw of Philadelphia Jack O'Brien at
Wooduard'e Pavilion, and if the youngster
does he will be In line to take up the
burden which Jim Jeffries was forced to
cast aside for want of a suitable op
ponent.
If the pride of the Olympic Club wins
he will be the pugilistic star of the coun
try. The eyes of the sporting; world are
at present focused .on the husky black
smith who has yet to find a man able to
stay longer than a round with him. He
has the punch and the disposition, and
his admirers are willing to risk ten
against cix that these two requisites will
win over the ring: generalship and clever
ness of one of the foremost boxers in the
world to-day.
If Kaufmann keeps his head when
O'Brien dances around, and' shoots those
tantalizing: lefts into hJs face, his chances
are bright. If, on the other hand, he
takes an axial trip bis doom is settled,
for the clever Pblladelphian will surely
bide his time and quickly settle the as
pirations of the local giant.
The betting is 6urely false, for the
youngster has no license to prevail a 10 to
6 cnance over the veteran of so many bat
tles. But the eports. about town think
that the walTop which Kaufmann can
deal "Ut of his right mitt will take ail
the fight out of O'Brien If it lands once,
find they all seem \u25a0 confident that Al is
capable of bringing It over before the
twenty-round limit is reached.
Straight Marquis of Queensberry rules,
which permit ,of fighting at all times
and cautions the pugilists to protect
themselves in the clinches* and the break
aways, will govern the contest. Tins style
of boxing is most popular with the pat
rons of the fighting game, for the reason
that there is more real fighting than in
the clean break fights. Both Kaufmann
and O'Brien preferred this kind of going,
and an exciting mill, ending with a
knockout, is almost. a certainty.
O'Brien proved himself an exception to
•he rule common among pugilists by
liot making yesterday a holiday. A
lighter usually- rests the day before a
light, but not so with the Philadelphian.
He took his regular seven-mile run "in
the morning, and with the exception of
cutting out the boxing, his programme of
gymnasium stunts was unchanged. He
worked just as earnestly yesterday as he
did when he first ftaried his training,
ana never was he in better condition. He
did not appear to be the least bit worried
;±buur the outcome of to-night's en
counter, and he is awaiting the starting
pong with a calmness only to be seen In
a. hero of more than two hundred ring
tngagements. O'Brien Is so well pleased
with himself that he could not resist
placing a little bet that he would win.
Chapman de Wolff, who came '.all the
way from Philadelphia 10 see Jack fight,
also sent in $200 to be wagered on the
Quaker. : '- 1 .. .'\u25a0-
Billy Delan'ey had Kaufmann doing
light work yesterday afternoon. There
was no hard road yrcrk, only a iew short
sprints. During the afternoon there were
a few short sessions of shadow boxing
and rope skipping, but at 4 o'clock Al's
work was done and he was ready for to
night's struggle. The boy's condition la
perfect. '. -> ""\u25a0'\u25a0
It the advance sale ie any 'criterion, an
immense house will greet the fighters to
night. '
Ladies on the Courts.
A draw doubles tournament will b« piayea
cr the Golden Gate Park tennis courts by tc«
members of the ladles* annex to-morrow
The team, will meet on even terms and cotJ
Ef i .V 0 rack ««- Only four teams win
be in the competition. The drawing whlci
*•*• JeJd yesterday, resulted ss.foKows- Mnt
Ida Meerns and Mi»s E. NobJe vs lilss E
CtTrtal and Mi SE E. Johns; Mii" "nnabei
Redden and Miss Golda Myer w Mies Luhi
andMls. Anita GrJnbeVg
ICanans Counting Re,nit«.
ui™"^?* 9 - ° Ct - »-*— 1 -n,
P.^* t" "S c » O0 \ third ' rouna -
Life.
SfJS^p|¥^*^^^^ glorious builder of
Wjlj^^f- x| X£r manhood, a power which will renew
Rj/^ I *"^ T t h e fi re °f youth in men who are
Pr#|& » j breaking down, which will cure the
WE £$k&*^ I ' enfects of early dissipation, stop all
*§££g*|||&|#^ rT\7 loss of vitality and nil every nerve
I in/ an< * evcr^" musc l e °f tn e body with
\u25a03 ''^^^^vXi 11 1 /V \ vim > sna P and power.
j^^^»; Dr. McLaughlin's
H*ls^^M^ Electric Belt
$$Wiyy>?j\' MMnV VVill Clirc Ncrv °us Debility, Varicoccle,
*\M M// \ Weak Back. Weak Kidneys. Rheuma-
J s!sM? * \j& tism, Sciatica. Paralysis, Lumbago, Loco-
m|^ /^^ motor Ataxia. Indigestion, .Dyspepsia,
WM /fel^' Constipation, Pile?. Bladder Troubles, all
5r ' Female Complaints and all \u25a0 Pains and '
Aches by renewing the warm, vigorous
' \u25a0 — , glow of life" and restoring energy.
OTJ .bc/Fi ID. My method of applying Electricity
ese wuiow su Oakland, Cal. while you sleep at night will cure you.'
J^i SSrtSuon^S- lt fi » s thenerves with the 'fire- of life,
evcrj- way. and did just what I've made giants of lots of. rhen'vwho
™yed C ISc m r7 I .cnV«'aTSr n re f- thought they had passed the best : years :
had; and i win aiwajs con- of their li\ r es. I've taken such men and
r wor^^X MSS,^- ma ? e rC)^ lar «?«8e batteries of -them,
your* very truly, - and you can almost see "the electric life
j. Harrington. shooting out of them. If you arc-going.
/-. ~ ~~T I ' % backward come tome. I'll help you up.
I.have a book which every man should read. It tells facts that .
are of. interest to every man who wants to remain young in vitality at
any age. Send ior this book to-day, if you can't call. ' I mail it sealed,
free. If you call I will give you a free test Cut this out and act
to-day. . 1 - .
Or M C Mrl '\u25a0•506 Market Street,
O!fiw hours — 8 a. m. to . B' p.. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Not sold, in drug stores".'. •-\u25a0'*;
NEW CHAMPION MAY BE MADE TO-NIGHT
SHEPARD GIVEN
HEAVY SENTENCE
Yanderbilt's Grandson Is Or
dered Fined and Imprison
ed by French Magistrate
PARIS, Oct. 26. — The ninth correc
tional tribunal of the Seine to-day sen
tenced Elliott Fitch Shepard, son of the
late Colonel Elliott F. Shepard of New
York, and a grandson of the late W. H.
Vanderbilt, to three months' imprison
ment and Jl2a fine and to ' pay $4000
damages to the parents of Madeline
Mardul. who was killed by Shepard'a
automobile at St. Oven, April 24. The
imprisonment part of the sentence will
not be carried out while awaiting the
future course of procedure on the part
of Shepard, who was present in court.
Friends of Shepard said later that
he intended to appeal from the fine and
Imprisonment part of the sentence, but
that the company insuring the auto
mobile would not appeal from the
award of $-1000 damages to the parents.
The appeal will postpone the imprison
ment until a final decision is given.
Shepard says he deeply. regrets the af
fair, but- feels, that the prosecution as
sumed undue proportions owing to the
recent popular agitation against fast
automobiling.
Maltre Perncare, counsel for the
prosecution, emphasized the need of
making an example of Shepard, declar
ing that American millionaires had the
habit of coming to France and running
over peasants like chickens. »,*;-\u25a0.;
AXNOUXCER ."BOB" MeGIIIIHCY
ARRIVES FROM NEW YORK
Turfman Brings Back XeW Addition
to Household, Fancy Togs and
a Fat Bank Roll.
Bob McGibben. who for years has filled the
position of announcer for the California Jockey
Club, arrived from New York yesterday, ac
companied by bis wife and Robert Thomas
McGibben Jr. The latter young man became
a member of the McGibben household during
the sojourn East, and- is yet ssveral niontnj
shy of celebrating his nrst birthday -Hla
happy parents are very proud of the little
New Yorker.
Attired In raiment that causes one to rumi
nate that after all Berry -Wall Marred In an
*i ,, ye S. r^ nd was only a »*a<ly-made clothing
doll. Bob s dazzling Broadway effects created
an awful ripple in turf circle? and along the
line. Belter than all, he Brought back a stack
of yellow backed currency, that If dropped
en the track would* derail the Overland Lim
ited.
Announcer McGibben stated, while igniting
a $3 Perfecto with a $5 mil, that every East
erner fortunate enough to be the possessor of
a pair of hob-nailed shoeo will be out here
this winter. Incidentally Bob likewise Inferred
that hie ripe, mellow basso profundo which
has been undergoing special treatment,' will be
a revelation to race track patrons on the
opening day at Oakland.
Hneston Challenge* De Oro.
ST. XOUIS, Oct. 26.— Thomas Hueston, who
made a good showing In the last tournament
fcr the world's championship continuous t>ool
title, last night posted his»forfelt and formally
challenged Alfred de Oro, the present cham
pion, to a COO-ball match for a side bet and
the title. According- to the conditions under
which De Oro holds the championship emblem
he has forty days to play the challenger ot
Furrender the title and emblem. De Oro is
at r>re«ent in Cleveland.
Cane Put On Reserve Calendar.
When the case of Ernest : Moore Chadwick,
charged with c sending by telegraph a false
and forged message, wag called for trial in
Judge Cook's court yesterday the Judge or
dered it put on the reserve calendar, against
the objection of the defendant, who insisted
that the case go to trial. Chadwick was con
victed at the first trial, but was granted a
new hearing by the Supreme Court and at the
second trial tome months ego the Jury dis
agreed. He is now under sentence of ten
years for perjury, but was granted anotnet
stay of ten days yesterday, as he Intends to
appeal to the higher court
THE .SAN KR ANCI SQO CAIA, FRIDAY, -OCTOBER 27, 1 005.
MURRAY BEATS
JAMES M'CLAIR
After Hard Battle Olympic
Chi b Man Loses a Close
Decision to His Opponent
TROPHIES ABE AWARDED
Mauy Knockouts Are Scored
in the Finals of Tourna
~ment at the Winged "0"
Only two of the seven bouts for the
Coast amateur championships went the
limit last night at the Olympic Club.
Hard fighting marked all. the contests and
there was hardly a moment of slow mill
ing during the evening. George Murray,
unattached, and James McClair of the
Olympic Club, middleweights, fought
three hard rounds. Several times during
the contest both men were on the verge
of going out, but they came back quickly
and at the sound of the gong in the third
round both were battling desperately.
Murray was given the decision and
trophy. A medal 'was given McClair. for
his good showing. \u25a0 /" • '
It took Frank Flores, an Olympic Club
lightweight, less than a round to finish
his argument with T. Kerwin. Ajright
swing via the jaw earned him. the medal.
D. Itiordan, Olympic Club light . heavy
weight, gave A. Snooker a good beating
and Referee Graney saved Snooker from
further punishment by giving Riordan
the verdict in round two.
In the final of the featherweight divi»
ion Harry -Baker of the -Hayes Valley
Club and Mike Kutchos put up a good
go. Baker's cleverness offset Mike's hay
makers, as the former kept continually
poking his left into Mike's face. The de
cision went to Baker. .~i " >^Vs
G. K. Earley, a representative of the
Occidental Club, showed to be a good one
by beating his opponent, H. Carr, in the
125 . class. Earley kept jabbing his left
into his opponent's face, which had its
effect. Carr fought all the way, but
Earley seemed to have a better knowl
edge of the game, and when the oppor
tunity presented itself in the second
round he brought one over which sent
Carr to the mat for the count.
Willie Wolff put up an excellent fight
with J. Young in the Welterweight di
vision and stowed him away in two
rounds by the knockout route. -Young
started the bout as if he were going to
beat Wolff quickly, but Willie got in his
stride and fought him to a standstill. ? In
the second, round Wolff's left made fre
quent visits to Young's jaw, and when his
opponent was ripe Wolff sent a right hay
maker to the point, which ended mat
ters.
The heavyweight bout was the only
farce of the evening. W. Schulken
knocked out J. Clasby In a round. Clasby
appeared to know little about the game
and seemed muscle bound. Each of the
winners were awarded trophies in their
respective classes.
NEVADA OFFICIAL SAYS >f S
CODICIL IS A FORGERY
Buses Judgment on . Business Letters
Received From the Late Sam
uel* Davis.
J. F. Miles, Treasurer of White Pine County,
Nevada, was a witness In the Davis will con
test yesterday. He was called by the contest
ants to express his opinion that, the codicil in
Question Is not geunine, he baying had oppor
tunity to familiarize himself with the dead
capitalist's penmanship through having re
ceived two or three business letters from him
during the latter years of his life.
-, Miles had no hesitancy In \u25a0•- expressing hid
oplnlcn that the codicil la a forgery, and Just
as much In stating that he had been promised
from $700 to $1000 for ;his , opinion, the money
to -go toward his expense account. Asked
what his expenses would tie, ho eald 50 cents
a day for hla room, and additional sums for
his meals and car fare. - The \u25a0 expenses of his
\u25a0wife to Carson City, . Nev., where she is now
visiting rejatives, he admitted, were also to
be paid by the contestants.
Miles further testified that his services had
been procured by Attorney ' Pomeroy, repre
senting the conteetants, who traveled clear to
White Pine County, in company with Expert
Kytka, to secure the letters he had in his pos
session, or photographic copies thereof.
Before Miles went on the stand Kytka was
called and made the admission that the wrap
per produced by the proponents. In which the
word "niece" was correctly spelled, as in the
codicil, was written by Davis, thereby setting
at rest the contention of the contestants that
Davis always misspelled the word Iby placing
the "c" before the "i." / . >\u25a0'. . : \u25a0•.\u25a0-
CITIZENS MAKE REPORTS
OF LOSSES TO POLICE
Burglars and Sneak Thieves Continue
to Ply Their Vocations Through-.
, ont City.
R. P. "Walte. grocer, 1808 Market street, re
ported to th» police yesterday that on Wed
nesday afternoon two women called and mad*
a small purchase. After, they,., had gone h«
discovered that they had taken with them twa
cans of coffee and .two bottles of- olives. He
gave a description ot the two women. . .
Raab • & Stamm, butchers, 1322 Dupont
street, reported that their shop had been en
tered by pulling the staple out of the front
door and three boiled' hams of the value ot
$5 stolen. ;»<--, • ..-.. - , .
-Mrs. R. Hanson. Twenty-seventh and Har
rison streets, reported that she left her hand
bag, containing $4 50. a bank book * and a
pair of eyeglasses 03 a seat on the ferry-boat
Berkeley and \ when she returned to look foi
it some one had taken.lt. . . :
M. Well, 13 Front street, reported that a box
containing 600 cigi j-s which had : been - left
In front of his piace for shipment, was stolen
on~ Wednesday afteinoonf \u25a0 .- • -...
STCRTEVAXT IS PREPARING
TO APPLY; FOR A RECEIVER
Deputy Attorney General I» Shaping
Complaint .; Af.-nlnat | United Bank
and Trust Company for Filing:.
Tb» officers of tie United' Ban -and Trust
Company did not report ' any progress • yeste» \u25a0
day to the Bank Commissioners regarding
compliance with the terms * Imposed by the.
Attorney , General ' 1,1 ',\u25a0 prerequisite • for reopeh
lr.gr the bank.' Depity Attorney General Stur- :
tevant was busy considering the complaint
that will be filed •\u25a0 next - week, probably on
Monday, In which the - Superior Court will be
asked to appoint a receiver to take charseof
the affairs of the i United* Bank and Trust
Company. ; SPHMBHMBiSBH
Two interesting rumors •. were '\u25a0 current - yes
terday, one .of which was to the : effect that
a part of the minutes: of the United Bank and
Trust Company, covering a of severas
weeks. Is missing. ;: One of the former directors
of the company .was quoted as 'saying' that
he had no knowledge : that >, any ; dividend haa
been -\u25a0 declared by the ' company'; and that he
first knew of it wten ' it . was ' mentioned : after
the present Investigation" began. ,
Cadet* Will 5 Entertain.
Company.. l, League of tne' Cross Cadets, \u25a0*. will
give Its annual entertainment and < dance at
Mission Opera Hair to-night. , Among thosn
who twill help entertain ! are 11. :J. . (Billy)
Hines, Miss A. J. Rooney,; Miss f Jean.Hatlia
way. Miss C. Treanor. . Miss ilay = I>aly. Jam»s
Donahoe. '.T.'. F. \u25a0 Cou\thurst, Arthur > : E.; Swan
and the . Occidental Quartet. ->' The commltteoot
arrangements consists sof r First" Sergeant M;
Hallan, Sergeant N. J."- Welch," ; Sergeant . L.
Pelgren and Privates A. Pequaz,-, J.- Criem - and
R.. Cerderberg. . .: . \u25a0 • \
Game • Lnvr '.Violators ' Fined.
. Philip Esparcit of Concord has been fined $50
and Elmer ; Tuttle j and , Frank McMaaters of
Glenvllle $25 each" for violating ; the quail' law.'
S.~; Cardlnelll, Warren "'Player and .'James De
vlne have : been- final $200 each for taking; sal
mon % during ; the . ck'sed season ": and ? on -'• Satur-"
day and Sunday. \u25a0\u25a0 • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0: i ;;. : :-J : :'..:'\u25a0-'. -: . : :
.. Judge Magee of ' Santa ; Rosa ".fined.; Oliver
James $25 last Monday • for killing trea squlr
rel». • . \u0084,• --_\u25a0:\u25a0 ..:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ./.•., :.'.-: .\u25a0; -...•,-..\u25a0'\u25a0•.•\u25a0
HANDZARRA STARTS
OFF WITH A LEAD.
Chestnut v^Filli^ Makes r Others r
When Stretch Turn Is Reached.
Mo We Donohue* Whom the Books Quote at JO to /,
jr.: Displays More Speed Than Battle Ax.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
* NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— F. 8.. Van Met
en's chestnut filly, i Handzarra, _a- third
choice in the betting, won the , Ravens
wood Handicap easily from a good field
to-,dayr : She broke in front and going out
opened a lead of a length, which she in
creased to three at the stretch turn. She
won easily at the end. Aeronaut was
second for a time, but the weight was
too much, -and Santa Catallna beat him
two lengths for; the place. Mollie Dono
hue, a 30 to 1 outsider, was too fast
for O. : L. Richard^' Old Guard and.Whit
ney's Battle Axe by a length and a
half. Summary :
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; for
all ages:'-'
Betting. ' Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
7 to s—Frontenac,5 — Frontenac, 119 (W.Knap) 2 2 1 l.h
4 to I— Rusk," 126 (Romanelli).. 1 1 1%2 9*
7 tol— Wotan, 119 (J. Martin).. 4 3 1 8 %'.
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won driving. . Win
ner. J. Griffin's b. h. by Kingston-Sylvabelle.
Ancestor, \u25a0 Martinmas, Floralia, Cloten, Royal
Window and'Toscan finished as named.
SECOND , RACE— One mile and a quarter;
for three-year-olds and up; seining-:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
11 to 5 — J. Youngr, 101 (Schaffnr) 5:5216
20 to I— Macbeth 103 (Llvngtn) 1 3 h 2 1
5 to I— Our Sißter. 103 (W.Knp) 3 8 3 3 h
Tim<\ 2:07 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. H. R.. Baker's br. h. by Lamplighter-
Johnetta. The Southerner, Sals, Critical and
Embarrassment finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One mile and a sixteenth;
for three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
11 to 20— Klamesha, 105 (W.Knp) 1 1 % 1 1
17 to 10— F. Mason, 106 (Sewell) 4 2 2 2 15,
15 to I— Benvollo. 10C (Romnlli) 3 3 h 3 5
Time. 1:47 1-5. Start poor., Won easily.
Winner* Oneck Stable's br. f. by Esher-Re
flection. A. Muskoday also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs : the Ravens
wood Handicap; for three-year-olds: • -
Betting.- Horoe, Weight. Jockey. St. %.
,4 to I— Handzarra, 117 (J.Mr tn) 1 11T. 3
8 to I— SantaCatllna, 115 (Sewl) 4 5 h \u25a0 2 2
16 to s— Aeronaut, ,124 (Miller... 3 2 % 3 i
Time, 1:13 2-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. F. B. Van -Meter's eh. f. by Handsel-
Elzarra. Belle Strome, Keator. Gold Rose. Dia
mond Flush and Taxer finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
for 'two-year-olds; selling:
Batting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
11 to 10— Benevolnt,107 (W.Knp) 4-, l VJ 3
20 to I— Birmingham. 97 (Grnr) 8 4 I^2 5
8 to I— H.Johnson, 1 105 (Rmitfi) 7 .. 3 1 ' 3 h
Time, 1:08. Sfart.falr. Wdn easily. Win
ner Oneck Stable's b. c. by Ben Strome-Eula
lie Gentian, Delude, Andria, Glenclare, Syn
tax Bundooran and Main finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; for
two-year-olds : " • ", ,-, '
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
30 to I— M. Donohue. 107 (J.Jns) 4 4 h 11
5 to I— Old Guard, 97 (Sewell). 6 5 % 2 h
7 to 5-Battle Axe, 126 (O' Nell) 2 1 2 3^l
Time 1:15. Start poor. Won driving.^ Win
ner J. F. Donohue's eh. f. by Tanzmelster-
Flrst Land. Mintla. Pantoufle, Ruth W and
J X F finished as named.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
NTJW TORK, Oct. 26. — Following are the en
tries for to-morrow at Jamaica: <
First race, Blx furlongs, selling — Gladwln
105 Collector Jessup 105. Fustian 106, . Mamie
Worth 104, Casclne 103, Invlnclble^Kß. .Golden
Rule 100. Astarlta 100, Royal Window 100,
All Right 97, Clifton Forge 98. Emergency 96.
Cutter 95. Scotch Plume 95, Blue Coat 03.
Second race, one and a . eixtenth miles; sell-
Ing— Caronal 106, Buckleya 106, Atwood 106,
Cabin 106, Irish Witch 103, Brigand 103. Jane
Holly 103, Knight of Rhodes 105, Mabel Rich
ardson 108 Goldsmith 101, Samuel H. Harris
98 Glowstar 08, Llndalc 100, Verness 99,
Brilliant 95, Antimony 95. Mirthless 95, Fiat
93, Waterford 106. . . '
Third race, three-quarters of a mile, Bell
ing—Mary Morris 104, Pamela 103, Sterling
102 Water Dog 102, Donora 100, Busy Bee 99,
Vino 98. Townes 00, Progress 95, Flavisny 95,
Miss Point 95, Reidmoore 93, Listless 94,. Isa
dalßV 00.
Fourth race, the Sayvllle, one and a »lx
teenth miles, »elUnff — Chimney Sweep 103,
True Wlnff 103, Keator 98. Yorkshire Lad 9G
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Peeping
Tom 109. BuDreme 109, Tambeau 109, Mel
bourne Nominee 109,' Kougxock . 109, Vanguard
100 Prince Frederick 109, There Now 109, Full
of Fun lOC, Miss Marco. 106, Swell Girl 100,
Moonshine 10G. Margaret Angela 100, Jolly
Girl 106. Awnlne 106. .
Sixth race^ handicap, one and a \u25a0 sixteenth
miles — Red Knight 126, Benvollo 106. Banker
100, Bell© Slwiora 97, Irish Witch 95, Sailor
Boy 89. ' L
JAMAICA SELECTIOXS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
s First race— Emergency, Collector Jes
sup, Fustian. . .
': Second * race — Mabel Richardson,
Goldsmith 1 , Samuel H. Harris. . -
Third race— Sterling, Reldmore, Pro
gress.', ' _ ,/ ..; .\ . . - .: - ,; ;;;
Fourth race— Chimney Sweep, True
Wing, Yorkshire Lad..
Fifth race— Vanguard, Swell Girl,
Peeping Tom. - " • .-'
, Sixth race — , Red Kntght, Banker,
Benvollo.
Weather elenr. Trncit fast.
"SAML O' POSEX" DIGS UP
AUSTRALIAN LIGHTWEIGHT
Stranded Theatrical : Man Hai a Llv«
One Whom He Would Match
Against Brltt or Nelson.
.VICTORIA. B. C, . Oct. 26.— M. B. CurtU
of "Earn! \u25a0o' Posen" fame,- whoe«:.r«oent
theatrical venture ' stranded . In New Zealand,
arrived by \u25a0 the Moana to-day > with . Bob ;Wll\
Hams, an - Australian lightweight . for . whom
he .will seek a match with- Brlttr or Nelson.:
•W. F. Hawtrey, a ; prominent Australian
actor. ; brother of. Charles B. Hawtrey, who haa
been: nlne : years, In' Australia, arrived -by the
Moana ; and *Is -\u25a0, on his way. to New York .to
form :a v company* to produce 'The Two " Mr.
Weatherbys" 'In this country. > 1
The Orlglnnl - Little Benefieencla Pub
lien Company of San Francisco.
\u25a0 '.'.' Orsanlzed September, ISB3.
;,' SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE ; PUBLIC.
Each coupon has the" Initials M. & F. on the
face and back of , tho ticket. . . j
\u25a0The following are the' capitals: \u25a0 ,' \u25a0
-October 26. 1903-^-No. 13403. $10,000; sold in
Stockton and San Francisco, Cal. No. 1630,
$1000; sold in San Francisco, Cal. No. 6692,
?500; sold In San 'Francisco, Cal.' 'No. 1 399,
$200; sold In San Francisco., Cal. ,-; - • \u25a0 ,
- Tho : following : capitals ~< were t paid >' by the i
above company for September 28,- 1905. * :
- C. Stillman, 1279 : Bush st.; - San Francisco,
Cal., $2500 \u0084 \u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0 ' '\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0
'Mrs. Johanna O' Neil, 399 Thirty-eighth
street, Oakland." Cal., $2000/ -, .> > * ' ... "•-- :•\u25a0:.
Luigi Bandoni, - proprietor \u25a0 hotel," \"Glovene
Italia,"- 115 Clark atreet,; San Francisco, Cal.,,
$1250.: : .\u25a0\u25a0 -'- •:-. -.\u25a0•• \ ; \u25a0. \u25a0 ' ' ' ?,;
Mrs. William B. Hughes, Pinole, , Contra Cos
ta County, Cal., $1250. . : . • . .
The Benefieencla R.'G.^ Company of San
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0, Francisco. •
\u25a0 Organlxed : May, 1900. ; :
.. Following are the capitals,, Thursday ,: Oeto-"'
ber j 26, 1 1905 :. V -V '.:!-\u25a0"; \u25a0'\u25a0Vy^'SY.''
" '; No. 13403,' $10,000; sold In \u25a0 Sacramento and
San Francisco. 1 ; No.l 1630,' $1000; sold In ' Salinas, \u25a0
Sacramento/," Santa; Rosa'i Los 'Angeles and San
Francisco.' j No. l : 6692, i $500 ; ' sold » In : San 1 Fran
cisco, , Alameda, Stockton, Los \u25a0Angeles/- Oak
land - and • Novato. No. 399, . $200; sold in . Los
Angeles:''-'-'. •.'\u25a0:-\u25a0•. " •• ... \u25a0,_'-'•. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u0084^ -, ' \u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0. . \u25a0
The R.G. Company, paid to Charles" F. Kuhl,
118 EaEt.-.Weber: avenue, • Stockton, 1 ; Cal.,; $2500
for,- one-quarter ticket No. 33C6, \u25a0on September
28. 1005. - \u25a0;\u25a0--\u25a0- \u25a0;,:--J.-. '\u25a0- - -• '.- :..:t. \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0..:,.\u25a0\u25a0."\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:
. . To ' A:; B. : - Greenwald^ Cisar ; Company ; $2500
for- W.y N. .; Goff, • First } street . and • Broadway.^
Los ; Angeles,' .: Cal . ; , t or • one-quarter \u25a0 ticket r No::
83C6/on Sertember 28,"; 1905."- "\u25a0•;.- \u25a0 '\u25a0 : '-:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'
To Paul J.'. Waerer, 2442 ' Bryant street, San
Francisco,' Cal.", •- $10<X) :• for \ one-half : ticket No.
81964.- on October; 14.; 1905. . -r - -
\u25a0 2 To George 1 Peters, i 3869 tTwenty-flfth ; street,"
San - Francisco,* Cal.. 4 - $1000 • for ; one-half, ticket
N0.] 81964;; on Octoberil4. ;1905 >; : ;•. \u25a0
MARTHA GORMAN
READY AND FIT
Favorite Gets the Money in
the "Main Event on the
Programme at Latonia
Special Dispatch to Ttaa Call.
: CINCINNATI, Oct. 26.— Three purse
and three selling aitalrs comprised a good
card at Latonia to-day. The fourth event,
for three-year-old fillies, at six and a half
furlongs, was the chief attraction of the
afternoon. The favorite, Martha Gor
man, .came i away, when' ready and won
handjlyl by two lengths from "Azelina,
which easily beat Bonnie HSue for the
place.. Only two favorites won. The
track was heavy, weather cloudy, and a
small crowd in attendance. Summary:,
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; maldans; two
year-old flllles; purse: ' \u25a0 \u25a0 '•
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
6 to I— Maureen, 99 (Hicks)... 3 3 3 In
12 to.l— illnnehaha, 99 (Allen).. 10 4 12 1
7 to I— Poetry, 99 (ilclntyre).. 9 2 % 3 h
Time, 1 :00 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. Oats Bros. Stable's eh. t. by Mazagan-
Lamore. Cut Glass 105, -.Trlsauce 109, ' JLlsbla
105, Kdna Elliott 99, Justl 105. Llla M 99, Pro
gression ICS, Sybilla 99, Polly Forest 109, Hn
ished as named.
SECOND RACE— MiIe; three-year-olda and
up; selling: ,
Bettlnj. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
8 to I— Dolinda,- 109 (Perkins)... 7 1 f t 1 1
9 to 2— St. Tammany, 106 (Shea) 3 03 2U
8 to I— Harmakls. 107 (Schade).. 2 2 3 8 6
Time. 1:49 1-5. Start good. Won . driving.
Winner. J. C. Calm' a eh. g. (4) by Donald A.-
Llnda. Amberlta 107. Katie Powers 106,
Monochord 104. Falernlan 108, Jack Ratlin 108,
Madoc 104. finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and ud; selling:
Betting. Horse, "Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
7 to 2— Covina, 93 (A11en).... 6 41 1 %
3to I— S. Rocamora, 93 (Morris) 2 3^24
7 to I— Turrando. 103 (Williams) 8 6 & 3 2
Time. 1:19 4-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, Mrs. A. M. Wendell's b. g. (8) by
ICing Eric-CorralitOß. Norwood Ohio 107. Gal
litliea 106, Nugget 100. Nervator 106, Ldnd
wina 03, The LaurellOl, Quiz II 103, Josette
9S. finished as named. Ravlana 93, left.
FOURTH RACE— BIx and a half furtonss;
three-year-old fillies; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
11 to 10— M. Gorman.lCO (Vndrbt) 8 2% 13
sto 2— Azeltna. 94 (Morris)...: 5-11 2 5
Bto ii — Bonnie Sue. 10i> - (Nlcol) .241 31
Time, 1:27. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. B. Rescess' b. I. by Sir Dixon-Sallle
McClellan. La Sa«ltt« 84, Verandah 04, fin
ished as named. \u25a0
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
9to 2— Jungla Imp, 108 (Morris) 4 12 12
30 to I— Double. lOti (Boland). . ..-8 2 4 2 5
7to I— Bon. Pr.Char.,lol(Bedell) 7 6 h 3 2
" Time, 1:57 1-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner, Mrs. J- B. Brannon's br. c. (3) by
Pirate of Penzance-Marmora. Hortensla 107,
Steel Trap 101, Safety Light 107, Marcos 107,
Brown Veil 107, Memphlan 109, Berlnthla 98,
Ultra Vires 107,- finished as named. *
SIXTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
B«tting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
6to s—Hedgethom,5 — Hedgethom, 103 (Nlool).. 6 2112
15 to I— Young Sater, 100 (Allen) 1 1 2 2 h
3 to I—Tarp.1 — Tarp. 103 (Seamster) . . . 6 7 3 3 %
Time, 1:27 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. T. H. Ryan's b. c. by Dundee-Run
niag Maggie. t Malleable 113, Follow the Flag
110, Tom Crowe 100, Gauze 106 Captain Bush
106, Governor Orman 92. Good 103, J. C. Clem
97. Vertreps 97, Etta M. 97, finished as named.
LATONIA ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 26.— Following are the
entries for to-morrow at Latonia:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Madison
Square 99, - Oddoletta 99, Percy Green , 101,
Rather Royal 104. Show Girl I(M,' Ahola 104,
St. Xoel IM, Tempt. 104. \u25a0: Knowledge 104,
Father Tallent 107. Small Talk 109, Fugurtha
109. Roommate 112, Censor 112.
Second race, mile and 100 yards, selling: —
Fox Hunting 93, Harry Stephens U3, Sincerity
Belle 03. Odd Luck 93, Tete Nolr 96, Bonnie
Prince Charlie 90, Depends 98. Layson 101,
Falkland -102, Athena 102, Handsplnner 102,
Mamie Algol ,106, Axares JO7, Doeskin 107.
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Gallant
Cassle 9S, Roscoe 100. :, Bowling Bridge 101,
Delagoa 101, Mayor Johnson 105, Gypzen» ICXS,
Echo Dale 106. Santon 114. Big Stone 104.
Fourth ! race — Short course, , handicap steeple
chase — Outshine 127, Ohio Kln» \u25a0* 127, Hope
Dale 130, Jim- Hale 130, Itacatlara 138, Ber
n 14.1, Creolln 150, Cl&sa Leader 150, Sweet
Jane 150. ' .
. . Fifth race, flvo and a half furlongs — Beauti
ful Bess 103, Lu tie Mao ' 103, Pirate's Dance
103," Dame Durden 103, " Lady Tarascon 103,
Valencia ' 107. Comment 107, . Toppy Girt 111,
Follow the Flag 111. ,
Sixth race, one mile,* selling — Mac Lynch 79,
Belden 82. Don Irent 83, Slss Leo 96, Intense
100, Lansdown 100, Neva Welch 100, Van Hope
100, Dlxon's Text 103. Mallory 103.
Seventh race, six and a half • furlongs, • s*ll
inrr—Clara De* 99, Jade 90, My \u25a0 Eleanor 99,
Algonquin 104, Running . Star 104, ' Th« Laurel
104,' Bedlam 104. Marco 104, Broodier 104,
Love Note 104, Lady Lavish 106, M. A. Powell
107. Tom Crabb 109. Bart . Howe 109.
IiATONIA SELECTIONS.
By th« t New ' Tork Mor.ilng Telegraph.
.'First race— Ahola, Knowledge, Oddo
letta..-V''- ,\u25a0 '\u25a0._
Second- race— Depend*, Mamie Algrol,
Foxhanttns;.
'\u25a0 Third race — Delaeoa, ' Santon, Tloscoe.
:;\u25a0 Fanrtlt \ race— ltactitlarn, Ohio Kins;,
Street Jane. 1 - " \ -\u25a0
" Fifth ' race— — Beautiful Dess, Valencia,
Follow the Fins;. •• , - . •
Sixth* race— LansdOYTO, Intense, Jff era
Welch.
Seventh race— Algonqnln, Lore Note,
Lndy - Lavish. .' ,
Weather clear. / Track fajst.
CARDINAL KICKEKS LE.AVH
CAMPUS FOR LOS ANOEI.ES
Stanford Squad la 'In Good Condition
to Line Up Ajgnlnflt the Sherman
N Indiana. '.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, A Oct. 28.— Th«
men I who . will - ; represent the '\u25a0 cardinal against
the : : Sherman . Indians J left - the campus :, this
evening. %'. Th« ; players are : all . in excellent con
dition. .'.The; team: consists of:
: Centers— Molflno '07, v Cox '08.' •
' Guards--R. ; F. Thompson '; '05,' T. Lana '08,
Frixzeir 'o6, S. B. Thompsort'OT. - - -
\u25a0•\u25a0: Tackles— D.': P. Crawford. 'o9, H. ,L. Horton
f OB,*^T..R. Pembrrton "08, L.R. Gay .'oB.
Ends^J.N. Stanford *OC." E. Lamb, W. BJ.
Lyons'o6, ;W." H. Koerner '08.' •"•=,\u25a0 ».-.\u25a0
;. Quarterbacks— E. : P. Stott .'O7,:;C. F. Lau
m*lster.'O7. ' \u25a0 : -, { '" '
':,'- Halves — O. . J.. Chalmers rO7, R.:- H.- Rook
'08, T.:Vandervoort 'OS,' G.'E. Dole.
Fullbacks— J.'- F. ,W. ; Crow ,'O7 and ; Boyle '06.
The squad 'was I accompanied by., Manager R.
W." Barrett.; James v Lianagan- and Trainer
..Dad.. Moulton. .;,' .' • \u0084
Her Conduct Warn , Strange.
'V Mrs."-; Elizabeth; I.\ Foster,". who "conducts the
Repelier 'Apartment < House, • at ! which r the • late
Mrs.' Bertha Ellinghouse : resided for some time
prior to her death.twas a witness yesterday in
the ' contest sof <i Mrs. * Elllnßhouse's ; will.: g na
testlfled *, that ; In . her ; opinion ; Mrs. v Elllnghouse
was : of .unsound - mind r and * recited » several - ln
etances of ; her strange 'conduct.
> J Constipation, % the S fruitful ; : source of
many J other 1 complaints/; Is 'quickly "cured
by taking Lash's Bitters. -.•
SEALS NOW RUNNING
NEXT TO ANGELS.
OVERTAKE COMMUTERS
Sweeney's Two Bad Throws Allow 7 the
Winning- Run to Register.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
W. L. Pet. W. I* Pet.
Los Angeles. 42 32 .C6S Seattle 34 37 .479
San Fran. ...40 37 .519 Portland 82 35.477
Oakland ....41 33 .51> Tacoma SO 40 .429
RESULTS, OF GAMES.
S«n Frnnclsco, 4} Portland, 3.
Tacoma, 22 Oakland, 0.
Seattle, 7i Loa Ancelci, X,
GAMES TO-DAT.
Portland at San Francisco.
Tacoma at Oakland.
Seattle at Los Ancelet.
- The Seals took another fall out of the
Portland stars at the Eighth street lot
yesterday ! afternoon >. and . their victory
brought them up in second place. They
had a hard time at that in beating the
Giants to the finish by a run, but every
thing .- came out all right, ; for the Seals
profited by Sweeney's bad throws in the
fourth and fifth which gave them enough
to go through with.
Uncle was afraid, that Williams was
not going to weather the storm, so he
stuck Jimmy Whalen In after the sixth
when Williams was bumped for threa
runs. It began to look awful bad for the
Seals then, but Whalen came to the
front Just In time.
Joe Nealon put the first one over for
Uncle in the fourth, when He slapped one
to Sweeney, who heaved the ball into the
bleachers, letting Joe come all the way
around. Williams leaned up against one
for three bags in the next period and
when Sweeney threw Waldron's hit away
the blonde pitcher arrived. Waldron
quickly got away with a steal of second
and third and Hilde put him through
with a nice bunt that went safe.
• The Giants made an awful rally In the
sixth, when they seemed to be able to
hit everything "Williams had. Schlafley
beat out an infield clout, stole and scored
on McHale's blngle. After this both
Sweeney and Cates rapped out doubles,
but the batting f est ceased before the
score was tied up. The score:'
PORTLAND. ,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Bur«n. 1. f..... 5 0 10 2 0 0
McCredle, r. f 4 Ol 0 0 0 0
Mitchell, lb .5 O 2 1 10 1 O
Schlafley. 2b. ......5 i 2 1 2 3 1
McLean, c 6 0 0 13 3 0
McHale. o. f . " 4 1 2 0 2 0 0
Sweeney, s. s. ..... 3 12 0 12 3
Cates. 3b. 4 0 1 0 3 o 0
Garvln, p. .: 1 0 0 © \ 2 0
Ferry, p. ...i...... 3 0 ° _° _^ _f _f
\ Totals -.30 3 11 8 24 13 4
. SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Waldron, c f 3 1 0 1 3 0 0
Mohler, 2b 4 0 0 O 1 4 O
Hldebrand. I. f .3 0 1 0 1 O .O
Nealon. lb 4 1 1 O 15 O O
Householder, r.f....2 0 0 0 1 0 0
Irwln. 3b. 4 10 10 2 1
Gochnauer. s. •. ...80 1 0 8 2/2
Wilson, c 2 0 0 0 3 1 0
Williams, p. 2 1 1 0 0 3 0
Whalen, p .J _0 _0 _0 J> jt _0
Totals 28 4 4 2 27 14 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland .. ..:.... 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 o—B
Base Hits .....0 1 1 0 2 4 0 1 2—ll
San Francisco ...00022000 x— 4
Base Hits 0 0 012 0 0 1 x— 4
SUMMARY.
Rmw — Oft Garvln 2, oft Williams 8. Hits—
Off Garvln 1, off Williams 8. Three-base hit—
Williams. Two-base hits^ — Gochnauer. Swee
ney Cate«. McHale. Sacnnea hits — Gochnauer.
Sweeney, Householder. First base on errors —
Portland 8, San Francisco 4. First base on called
balls— Off Garvin 1. off Williams 1. off Ferry
8. Left on baees — Portland 11, San Francisco
6. Struck out — By Garvln 2. by Williams 3,
by Ferry 1- Time of game — 1:50. Umpire —
Davis.
SAME OLD TALE AT OAKLAND.
Brown Tosaea Up Bendera Which tbe
-- . Commuters Cannot Hit.
Another sero was added to Oakland's list
of losses at Idora Park yesterday afternoon
when ' Tacoma won a ' close game from th«
Commuters by " a score of 2 to 0. It was an
other case of Oakland's inability to hit Brows
at the crucial times, although Rip's aggrega
tion piled up seven hits against a similar num.
ber made by the Tacomas. The spectacular
plays were all made by Oakland. There were
two double plays — Iberg to Kelley to Moskl
man. and Francks to Moskiman — and Dunlevj
and "Byrnes made three-baggers. The pitching
of Iberg and : Brown was not up to th« stana
ard Brown . striking out only two men and
Ibefg retiring only one. Brown .walked two
and Iberg; one. Tacoma made Its two runs
In the fifth inning, < when McLaughlln and
Casey crossed the plate.. Th« score:
tacoma:
ab. r. bh. sb. po. a. c.
Doyl», rf 8 0 10 2 0 0
Sheehan. 8b ..4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Nordyke. lb 4 0 0 0 13 0 0
Eagan.es .......... 2 0 1 0 1 10
McLaughlln, If .....8 1 1 0 0 0 0
Lynch, cf . ......... 8 0 0 0 5 0 0
Casey, 2b 8 12 0 15 0
Hogan, 0. ........... 2 0 10 8 0 0
Brown, p 8 0 1 0 1 5 0
Total« ..........27 3 7 0 27 11 0
OAKLAND.
y AB-'R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltraa, 0f..... 4 0 0 0 8 0 1
Kruger, rf ...4 0 0.0 10 0
DunUavr, If ..'...... 4 0 .8 0 1 0 0
Mosklman. lb ...... 4 0 1 0 10 1 1
Kelley,, 2b ..4 0 0 0 5 2 0
Francks. M 4 0 113 2 0
Devareaux. 8b 4 0 0 0 0 2 1
Byrnes, o 3 0 2 0 1 2 0
Iberg, p..... 3 0 0 0 0 5 0
"Hogan ......1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total' .........is 0 7 l 34 IB 8
•Batted for Iberg m the ninth Inning.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland \u25a0'..".... ••••o 0 0. 0 0 0 0 0 0^ — 0
Base hit5... .....1v 0 0 0 I 'B,l-1 I—7
Taooma ..0000 30 0 Ox — 2
i Base h1t»...."....l 0 10 3 1 0 1 x— 7
SUMMART.
Thr«*-baj»« hlta— Dunleary, Casey, Byrnes.
Two-bue \u25a0 hits— McLaughlln. Sacrifice hits —
Iberg, Hos&n, Doyle. First ! base on errors —
Tacoma 2. First base on called balls— Off
Brown 2, off ' Iberg I. ' . Left on bases — Tacoma
4. Oakland 9. Struck out — By Brown 2, by
Iberg 1. Double plays — Iberg to : Kelley Tto
Mosklman; Franoks to Mosklman. Time of
game— l :2o. Umpire — Jimmy ; Sullivan.
srtvAsnES do some h ittixg.
Nearly Every \u25a0 , Bender .That Bum
Tosses 'Is Straightened Oat.
IjOS ANGELSS. Oct. 28.— 8y playing error
lesi .ball to-day and rapping Baum for six
teen hits Seattle took the ram* from tfaa locals
by a score of- 7. 't011. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Baum - waa txranded
hard -in / every innln* up to - th« ninth wbea
Goodwin took his place. C. Hall kept the hit*
of the * home :\u25a0 team \u25a0 well scattered and theti
only run was . scored \u25a0In th« fourth Inning on
a base on 'balls and a timely double by Dillon
Mlddleton took , Flood's * place \u25a0at second -In
the sixth \u25a0 Inning and made a•" good \u25a0 showing.
Frary replaced I Blankenshlp In the ninth owing
to the latter, having been Injured by a pitched
ball.'- Fonr . double - Plays. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 two on each - side,
served to enliven what was \u25a0 otherwise, a*: poor
exhibition. Score: •
LOS ANGELES. /
, / AB R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard, . c." f. ...... 4-". 0-1 0 3 1 o
Mlddleton, 2b... ..V.1 0 0 0 1 2 0
Flood/" 2b. ....".....-. 2 0 0 0 1 2 o
Smith, 3b. .......... 3 01 , 0 2 *0 0
Brashear. s. a. '.1. 10 0 2 1 a
Dillon, lb. .:....... 4 0 2 0 9 0 0
Cravath.r. f. 4 0 1 0 0 O o
Ross,. 1.; f. .......V'4 0 1.0-20 0
Eager, c. ....'..:... 4 0 .1 ' 07 4 0
Baum,; p.'...r..".'..v; 2 0 0-0 0 6 0
•Gray ..;...'..;.".". ;....! 0 0 0 0 0 0
Goodwin, p. ......... 0- 0 0 0 0 0 0
- ToUl« 1 /.:.V..:;^ t .BO -1- ,;T . 0 27 1« a
•Gray , batUd : for ' Baum : la [th» «lxhth." ;iv
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
, __
cEATTL£*.
AB R. BH. SB. TO. A. a
Bennett. 2b. 5 0 3 O X 4 0
Kane. c. f 4 O 0 0 0 O 0
Walters, r. f. 3 12 0 2 0 0
Blackenshlp. c. 5 2 2 O 1 10
Strelb. lb 4 0 00 8 1' 0
Croll. 1. f. 3 1 2 0 2 O 0
Lauterborn. 3b 3 0 2 0 6 0 0
R. Hall. «. a 4 2 3 0 13 0
C. Hall, p 4 12 0 0 5 0
Frarjr. c 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total* 37 7 18 O 2T U 0
• RUN 3 AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 00100000— t
Base hits 1022 01001— T
Seattle 0 102 0. 0220— 7
Baa* hits \u0084.. 2 2 13 112 4 o— la
SUMMART.
Hits— Off Baum, 16. Two-ba» hit*— Dillon.
Bennett. Sacrifice hits— Kane. Strelb, Bra
shear. First base on error*— Seattle 2. Lett
on bases — 1»3 Angeles 7, Seattle 7. Bases on
balls— Off C. HaU 3. Struck out— By C. Hall
6. by Baum 3. Doable plays— R. Hall to
Strelb. Flood to Eager to Baum to Brashear.
C. Hall to Strelb to Bennett to Lauterborn,
Baum to Eager. Hit by pitched ball— Croll.
Smith. Time of same— l:ss. Umplra—F«r
rine.
ACCUSES HER HUSBAND
OF GROSS BRUTALITY
Sirs. Cornelia Crawford Say* Spoosa
Beat Her Into Insensibility and
Threw Her Into Coalbln.
Mrs. Cornelia Crawford filed suit yesterday
for divorce from J. Crawford, who conducts a
restaurant at 1327 Market street. Mrs. Craw
ford alleged that on September 15 last her hus
band, whom she describee as being a powerful
man. beat her Into Insensibility In the res
taurant, and dragging her to the rear of the
place, threw her Into a coal bin. brutally
leaving her to recover consciousness uncared
for.
Decrees of divorce were granted to Lillian
May from John A. Dunn for desertion. Barbara
from Emmot Scott for neglect. A. H. from
Maude E. Crankshaw for desertion, and Jen
nie J. from John J. Miller for deaertlon. Suits
for divorce were filed by Annie against Ed
mund Herczel for desertion. Hans against
Irene Jensen for desertion, Lizzie M. against
Fred M. Jacobs for desertion. Elizabeth F.
against Joseph F. Schullian for cruelty, and
Emma M. against George W. Gregory for
failure to provide.
ACCUSE IIROTHEU OF
MISTREATING FATHEfta
Court Is Petitioned to Revoke Letters
of Guardianship Given to John
H. F. Meyer.
Accusing John H. F. Meyer of willfully mis
treating his father. wct> Is 82 years of age.
other children. of the old man filed a petition
yesterday for the removal of Meyer as guar
dian of his infirm parent. The petitioners as
sert that, after ha was appointed guardian.
Meyer went. to his father and said:
•"Times have now changed. You will do n»
I tell you to. You treated me roughly when
you were boss. I am now your guardian and
will make you obey my orders."
The petitioners further allesa that during
the last four months the guardian has only
given Ms father f 1 for pocket money, and fcr
two months past ha 3 given him nothing for
bis support. Standing In the name of the
aged man is property on Day street, but it Is
alleged that In order to drive out a tenant,
who waa paying satisfactory rent, the guar
dian raised the rent of the premises, and is
now endeavoring to sell the place.- --\u25a0\u25a0 : \u25a0:"
Two Deaths From Apoplexy.
John Lawson. a weigher, was taken sick on
a Castro street car near the ferry yesterday
morning. He was removed to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital, where he died In a few
minutes from an attack of apoplexy. The
body was taken to the Morgue. Lawson was
65 years of age and lived at 4090 Twenty-fifth
street. H. C. Helatt. a retired banker. • wa»
stricken with apoplexy shortly after partaking
of lunch at the Pteasanton Hotel yesterday.
Dr. M. Hersteln was summoned, but deatn
came in a few minutes. He was 73 years ol
age and had been living at th? Pleasanton
with his wife for the last eighteen months.
The body was not taken to the Morgue.
Bishop Geta Bell Theater.
Harry Bishop, manager of the Majestic and
Central theaters, has taken control of th» ne^»
Bell Theater. In course of construction on
Market street, near Seventh- The theater win
be opened as a vaudeville house In December.
The new playhouse will be operated by th»
Western State Amusement Company, a cor
poration of which Bishop holds the control.
Concerning the acquisition Bishop said last
night: "I. shall control the Bell Theatar,' aa>
well as the Majestic and the Central theaters
Construction of the new theater will be rushes.
It will be conducted as a high-class vaudevili*
house."
Passes a Ftetltlous Check.
J. P. Crowl«y. 291 Sixth, street, obtained a
warrant yesterday: from Pollc» Judge Cabanis*
for th» arrest of T. F. Mahon on a chargs ot
passing a fictitious check. . Crowley says that
Mahon cashed \u0084 ' check for 120 with him oa
October 24.- dra^a on the Anglo-Calif oralaa
Bank and bearing^ the signature "James Mot
fltt." No such person has an account at tr«
bank. The defendant is an old ra^^y who
has for years, when out of Jail, lived by pan~
Ing fictitious check* on grocers and proprietors
of lodging-houses.
(_y * l»-* *1 vi lllwll *
ljUl Use-
Marqucttc WhisKey
The infinite care with which
it is distilled; it* great age; its:
absolute purity and delicious
flavor have made It a universal
favorite.
. Ask. for it wherever yoa go.
CROMMES * ULLRICH
Distillers
CHICAGO, ILL.
9an Fraarhro Branekt
MajnQiiette \MAKES SHORT
STAY IN PORT
i^osmos Liner -Arrives
From Hamburg and Sails
Again for Puget Sound
GERMAN SHIP ASHORE
.S ' \u25a0
Authorities at Valparaiso
Claim the Steinbek, but
. She Is Returned to Owner
The Kosmos liner Neko, which arrived
yesterday morning from Hamburg,
brought only 300 tons of freight for this
port, and she sailed again last night for
Puget Sound to gather part of her return
cargo.
The Neko brings word of the stranding
*t Valparaiso of the German ship Stein
bek. The Steinbek went ashore during a
heavy gale" and was pounding so heavily
that Captain Gierdt and his crew took to
the boats. They stayed in the vicinity of
the ship for forty-eight hours. Before
they returned to her the Comandante
of the port visited the scene and claimed
the wreck for the Chilean Government,
Baying that she had been abandoned by
her crew.
The case was taken to court and Cap
tain Gierdt regained possession of his
chip, which is now on the dry dock at
Valparaiso undergoing repairs.
Herman Kuhn. a passenger from Ecua
dor, says that the natives at Rio Bamba
recently tore down a Catholic Church
end threatened the Spanish priests with
violence. The Government declined to in
terfere on behalf of the priests. Kuhn
Is superintendent of the water works at
Guayaquil.
The Neko brought treasure valued at
$45,100. Her passengers were:
Mrs. yen Holten. J. Corb«tt. T. Montgomery.
J. W. Cabf. L Peiro, J. Allen, Julio Mosss,
Hensan Kuhn. I* Ramirez, O. Fortunate-.
Harbor Commission Meets.
Passed Assistant Surgeon Hugh S. Cum
cr.isg. Federal quarantine officer at this port.
1& sl communication to the State Board of
Harbor Commissioner*, asked that the board
•ft a. time ior consultation with him as to
th« limits of Quarantine enchorasre grounds.
At th« last session of Congress provision
*&t mad* to designate these limits by raeane
ef buoye. The Lighthouse Board has the
buoys ready cad Dr. Cummlng wants to
arrange without delay for their being placed.
Chief En«lneer Norton reported that the
•hoaling at Fisherman's wharf was caused by
•the <lumDin« of rubbish on tiaeiands in the
vicinity, and the board instructed him to
notify the property owners that they must
•reel bulkheads to control the loo«>e matter
.vlth which th«"y are building ap their land.
Electrician F. E. Wharf reported to the
vfeoard that the Southern Pacific Coiddmj- was
"^wasTinE- electric light in its ticket offices,
sir.d wteps were airreed upon to prevent further
unnecessary ill'-tr.ination.
The resolution whereby the suit of Holmes
and t'hlig against the Hsrbor Commissioners
1* comDfoiniw! was raesed.
Hickman and Ma«eracn were awarded the
contract fcr turr.ishlng the Harbor Commit
«ioner« wllh lumber for a year. Their bid
*v«r $17 50 and 75 cents cert Age per thousand
feet.
l.ran Is In the Stream.
The Russian cruiser Lena, which ran away
from the Jaca^jese afid sought refure here
thirteen month ago, came down from Mare
• Xcland yesterday afternoon and anchored off
Folnorr. •treet wfcarf. After taking a supply
cf coal, she win «ail for Vladivostok. She
» :i leav* Drobably on Sunday, and is under
cr(J*rs to reach Vladivostok before that port
I* closed by the ice.
Tl.e Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue iiat SLre quoted
for reinsurance as fellows: Edmund, 40 per
cent: LKichesse de Berry, 15 per oen: Et.
Donation. 60 per cent; Principality, 90 per
e«?nt; Hllston, 10 per cent; M. E. Watson,
10 cer cent, ana Fortevlot. 15 per cent.
Falke Goe« to Mare Island.
The German cruiser Falke will go to Mare
Inland next Tuesday to nave her chains tested.
Che will remain there about a week, at the.
er.d ©f which ebe wjll proceed to tea.
Water Pro At Xotcs.
Th« British steamer Croydon, Captain Kerr,
arrived yesterday 2tt da>-« from Ocean Island,
\u25a0with 8000 tons of guano. She will discharge
ter cargo into scows at Martinez.
The American bark Homeward Bound arrived
A yesterday from Eureka in tow of the Francis
li. Lecjceit. She will finish loading here for
Australia.
j. Lawaon of 4000 Twenty-fifth street, who
fck* been employed as a weigher on • Wash
tigtcn «tre*t wharf for many years, died
. terur6».y at the Harbor Hospital. He was
about 70 years old and was stricken at East
and Market \u25a0tr«et while on his way to work.
Burglars visited the bark Kaiulanl on
"WedEeaday night and stole $S 20 from the
r .&•.*'\u25a0 room.
The British ship Bermuda, which put into
Acapulco recently dismasted, has been sur
veyed. She can be temporarily repaired for
£200.
Tbe steamer Kvichak, Captain Nelson, ar
• rived yesterday ten day* from Karbuk. She
kreueht 26,600 case* of nalmon.
Tbe German steamer Germanicus cleared yes
terday for Vladivostok.
MSfvS OK "WIE OCK.IA.
The French bark General d* Sonis (on Puget
tound) is chartered for wheat thence to Eu
rope at 26s Sd.
The German ship Tarpenbek is chartered for
wheat from Portland to South Africa at 22a
«d. if to two ports 24*.
A Carsro for England.
The British ship Dunsyre wa» cleared >ti
trrday for London, England, with 50.2Q5 c*
canned salmon. 47.576 cs canned fruit, 21 cs
canned vegetable*!. - 11.283 «al« wine. 88 cs
iioney. 1U2.M05 lbs tallow and 138,071 lbs eat
caia sagrada, valued at $310, 04t>.
Sblpmeßtfl for Siberia.
The Gerican eteamer Gc-rraar.ivus was cleared
yesterday tor Vladivostok, via Seattle, with
an assorted cargo, valued at $4&,&K>. and ln
lcl:c::.y the following:
-* 2lK»,O00 lbs barreled be«f. 1.9 M.000 lbs salt.
' I<h> WM lbs sugar. fcO.ooo lbs rice. 6«50 lbs dried
fruit SOOO !b« raisins. 4520 lbs bread, 222tt lbs
mlllßtuJls, 3000 lbs pearl barley, 20 crts onions,
4t» hxrn fresh fruiu, « cs honey, 403 lbs nuts.
' 4 cs syrup. 32t> lbs butter. sc» coCee. 721 cs
" canned gxxxJs. Sill lbs cheese. 105 cs wine, 100
cs brand>. 2uoo cs alcohol, 427 IkJlb 90 bars
Iron 628 "pcs eteel, 100 bxa glass, 66T» lb^tal
16w 6 rolls 1 c* leather, 10 bales ba*s. 2 cs
amis and ammunition. 1«2 cs axes, 8000 lbs
putty 40 cs paints. 25 bbl» lubricating oil.
•fifty cs coal oil. SCO c* soap. 24 pkgs paper,
40 c* horseshoe n*lls; 84 colls rope, 8720 lbs
*T,ot 1070 Ib* Bolder. 20 bales twine. «29 cs
candle, 1 flask quicksilver.
Aotior to 9larfnera.
\u2666The followine •fr*ct« the Iwst of I^isrhts.
Buoys and Daymarks. Pacific Coast. 19C5:
OREGON AND WASHINGTON.
f'olumbta Rlv«-r. pages M, 56. SS« and K2—
Knappton Channel buoy. No. 4. a red second
class upsr, roun.j adrift September 26, wat
replaced the earn* day.
Chirm*"! cast d<ie buoy. No. C%. a red first
€-!a*s Fpar. founi adrift September 18, wai
.nplac^d the nine <laj-.
Cotton wood Island Shoal, No. .1, a. black
firet-claes Bpar. foacd cut of position October
.4 was replaced the came day.
\u25a0ne«?dW Crossing buoys, Nos. 4 <red), 0 <red>
end 1 (black) each a first-class «;ar. found
adrift October ' 4. were replaced the came day.
OREGON.
Willamette River. p«K e ««— Nijger Tom Isl
*end buoy. No. 1. a black stcond-class spar,
was established October 4 in I* feet of wat«
c« aluide In the channel: Willamette Rivet
Mcbthouse. NE. *4 N.: Nigrger Tom Island.
riKht tancent. SK. % S.; Cooa Island, right
taryrent. N. by W.
WASHINGTON.
Willapa Bay entrance. pa«en 60. and 68 —
\u25a0Ulllapa Cay ouUide bar wbistllnK buoy. PS.
marked ••Willapa" In white, which went adrin
October <5, was moved . October 21 about 2 13-18
miles NSW. H W. of 1U former position and
. «a s established In 102 feet of water to mark
>h» entrance to the north channel over the bar:
aillana Bay Lirhthouse. N'E.; Goose Point,
tangent, E. U N-: north «dee of trees on
. L»»dbetter Point.- ESK; M E.
Oreys Harbor entrance, pa*** *\ and 72-
Creve Harbor outeide bar whistling buoy, red,
tßarkefl "Grays Harbor" In black, wat tnovea.
September 9 about half a mile S. \* E. oi
Its former position and was established, in 92
feet of water: Lone tree. Point Brown. NNE.
H E.; Jetty wharf, inside the bay. NE. by
E u, E.- Grays Harbor Ldffhtbouse. ENE.
Outer buoy, a PS. first-class can. was moved.
September 9, about 1H miles SE. % E. of
Its former position and was established In
47 feet of water: Lone tree. Point Brown,
XXE. t.j E. : Jetty wharf. ln«lde the 'jay.
NE by' E. % E.; Grays Harbor Lighthouse,
ENE. '% E.
Inner buoy, a PS. first-class nun. was dls
continued September 12.
Trustee Spit buoy. No. A, a red nrst-clafs
nun, was discontinued September 12. •
South channel outer buoy, a PS. flrst-clast.
nun. marked "S. C." in white, was discon
tinued September 12.
Trustee Spit buoy. No. 0. & red flrst-clas
nun was discontinued September 12.
Trustee Spit buoy. No. 2. a red first-class
nun was moved September 12, about i-12
of a mlie S. by W. >4 W. of its .former post
tlon and was established In 24 feet of water:
Lcne tree. Point Brown, N. by E. -,s E-:
Jetty wharf. Inside the bay, ENE. % E.; Grays
Harbor L'ththouse. E. % N.
Point Brown Spit buoy. No. 0. a black nrst
clae a oan, was established. September 1-. In
40 fe»t of water, to mark the southec:y edge
of Point Brown Spit: Lone tree. Point Brown.
N. «-» E.: Jetty wharf, inside the bay. E. H
S.; Grays Harbor Lighthouse. SE. by t. H *-•
ALASKA.
Clarenc* Strait, page to)— Lyman Rock buoy
No 2. a red *econd-class iron spar, was estab
lished September 21. In 34 feet of water, to
mark Lyman Rock, on the tester;* .8-£ v. 8 -£ vM 01
Lyman Anchorage and about 175 feet NNla.
Vi E from the reck. Vessels should sive the
buoy" a berth of at least 100 feat: L_y»>a.-
Point, tangent. NE. U E.; Sawmill Point
ricbt tangent. S. % E. ; Figglns Point, tangent.
N \Vrai!'ce^' Strait. pa S e . M-Wrar.gel north
flat buoy. No. 121.3. a re d first-class spar, was
esubllstaed. September 20. In 20 feet of wate.
to mark a turn In th« narrow channel. Rock
Pelst.-tansw>t. SE. by E : Finger Pomt. tan
eent. SE. : Green Point beacon, N«. % »>-.
distant 17-29 miles. •
By order of the Uiatfcau. ggr^.^.
Commander. U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
Movement ot Steamer*.
TO ARRIVE. .__
Steamer. ) From. j Due^
Despatch Portland & Astori^ .. ..(Oct. 27
Aurelia Portland & Astoria \g&**
Czarina Tacoma iOct. n
Corona Humboldt ipct. 2,
Northland.... Portland & Astoria. .. .[Oct. .*
North Fork . . Humboldt 0«.
Chas. Nelson, Seattle & Tacoma lOct. -8
Centralia San Pedro jOct. -|
Queen ; Puget Sound Ports Oct. 2S
R0an0ke......! Portland & Way Ports. ! Oct. j|
I Eureka ! Humboldt |Oct. -S
Ichehalis i Grays Harbor [Oct. 28
! Jeanie.... 1 Ptattie & Tacoma iOct. J«
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 28
Acme j Willapa Harbor Oct. 29
TlUcia ' Comox, B. C Oct. 29
Terje Viken.. j Oyster Harbor Oct. 29
Abjdos Seattle [Oct. 2U
City Topeka.. Mexican Ports ,Oct. -J
Breakwater.. Coos Bay jOct. 29
S«aFoam Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Oct. -"»
Arctic IHumboWt iOct. 29
W Kruger . i PonliCnd & Astoria. .. . iOct. su
Pfc'oenlx ...... j Crescent City iOot. 30
S Monica ' San Pedro lOct. 30
Homer • Portland & Astoria jOct. 30
M F Plant.. Coos Bay & Port Orford|Oct. 30
Pomona Humboldt .Oct. 30
Bonlta Newport & Way Porte. ;Oct. 30
State of Cat.. San Diego & Way Ports. , Oct. 30
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor ;Oct. SO
Corc-nado Grays Harbor Oct. 41
Costa Rica.." Portland & Astoria Oct. 31
Anubis Seattle (Oct. 31
F Kllburn... 1 Portland & Way Ports.|Nov. 1
Porno ' Point Arena & Albion. . jNov. 2
Eaotaßcsa..*: San Diego & Way PortsjNov. 2
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports jNov. 2
p er u New York via Ancon. ..INovv 3
Coos Bay Kan Pedro & Way PortslNov. 3
'Mongolia (China &. Japan |Nov. 3
Newport | New York via Ancon...! Nor. 4
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria |Nov. 6
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
October 27.
Centraha... Grays Harbor. 12 m Pier 10
South Bay.. Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Noyo 4 Humboldt 9 amlPler 11
Eamca Los Angeles Ports. 110 am | Pier 2
Norwood..:. Grays Harbor .1 3 pmlPJer 2
Amer. Maru China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. 11 anrPier 9
October 2S. i
Porno Pt, Arena & Albion 6 pm'Pitr 2
Roanoke Los Angeles Ports. « pm Pier 5
City Sydney.! N. T. via Ancon.. 'l2 m| Pier 40
Aurelia I Astoria & Portland] 5 pm Pier 27
Chehalls | Lo» Angelea Ports) (Pier 2
October SU. I
Coos 8ay. .. ! San Pedro & Way.| 9 am' Pier 11
Columbia. ..! Astoria & Portland.ll am|Pler 21
Corona 'Humboldt 11:30 p.Pler 9
S. Rosa Ean DUgo & Way.( 9 amiPler 11
October 30. I
W. Kruger.. i Lcs Angeles Ports. 9 amlPier 9
P. Monica., j Grays Harbor,.... 4 pmiPier 2
Eureka j Humboldt 9 am Pier 5
Rainier '.Seattle & Belfham 2 pm'.Pler.lO
October .Tl. I
Coronado. .- i I^cs Angeles Ports.llO am|Pler 10
N. Fork Humboldt I 5 pm|Pier 20
Homer Aftoria & Portland 4 pmlPier 2-1
C. NeUo&... Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pmTPfer 2o
Breakwater. Coo* Bay .... 5 pm Pier S
Abydos Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 19
November 1. I
Vanguard... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 27
Redondo Astoria & Portland 3pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Arctic Humboldt fl am Pier 2
Sea Foam... Point Arena 4 pmjPler 2
M. F. Plant. Cooe Bay 5 pmjPlcr 11
Queen Pcget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pier 9
S'oveinS>er 2 I —
F. Kilburn.. Portland & Way... 5 pm|Pier 27
Northland.. Astoria & Portland 10 am' Pier 27
Stat<sof Cal. Ban Dl*go& Way.j 9 am|Pler 11
G. LindauervGraVs Harbor { 1 pmlPier 2
Bonlta "Newport & Way... 9 am|Pler II
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm|Pler 7
November 3. { |
Costa Rica.. Astoria & Portlandlll am|Pler 24
Norember 4. I » i
Siberia China & Japan....! 1 pmlPier 40
Peru N. Y. via Ancon.". |I 2 • mjPlcr 40
Anubis Hamburg & Way. 112 m; Pier 19
\u25a0 .Vovember 5. I I
Jeanie Seattle &• Tacoma. | 5 pm|Pler 20
FROM SEATTLE. ~
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Jefferbon Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 30
Excelsior Beward & Way Ports. .|N<ov. 1
Humboldt Skagway & Way- Ports. | Nov. 2
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward |Nov. 8
Bertha Kodlak A Way Ports.. | Nov. 10
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrceraphlc Office, XT. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal ;
October 2«. 190 f- \u25a0
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120tb meridian, or- at 8
p."- in.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.., In charge. ,
Sun, Sloob and Tide.
United Statts Coast and' Geodetic Survey—
:THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/*™
GAYHEAD, THE WHALING BARK.
WHICH NARROWLY ESCAPED
BEING CRUSHED IN THE ICE.
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of vh»
superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the hel&lu
of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY OCTOBER 27.
Sun ris*s '. i 6:30
Sun sets 5:17
Moon rises ' 5:29 a. m.
C |Time| JTlmej : Time! Time
S. I i Ft. I Ft. J Ft. Ft.
? |L W| |H W| |L w! .. H W
27 | 4:02[ 1.2|10:20; 5.9! 4:38! . 0.0111:191 E!5
28 4:451 I.s|lo:f'Ji 6.0| 5:22 —0.41 |.....'
H W |L W 1H W !L W|
29 0:10! 5.21 s:i« 1.0)11:38 6.1 6:U| &.0
SO 1:14 6.0| C:l5 2.3)12:2.0 6.0 7:02|— 0.6
31 214; 4.fcl 7:«5 2.7| 1:06 5.8 7:551—0.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives tho last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometime* occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The- plane of reference Is the mean
of the low* r low waters.
SHIPPIXG IXTELKIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 26.
Stmr Columbia; Doran, 53 hours from Port
land, via A«toria-43 hours.
Stmr Unimak, Haiisen, 8 days and, 9 hours
from Kodlak. ' • , " ,
Stmr Porno, Reinertson, 12 hours from Al
bion, via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen. 83 hours from Bel
iingham. - -
Stmr James S Hinsins, Higgtna, 15 hours
from Fort Bragg; bound south; put in to land
passengers.
Stmr Brooklyn, Hansen, 15 hours from Men
docino.
Stmr Del Norte, Reed, 32 hours from Cres
cent City. "I
Br stmr Croydon, Kerr, 26 days from Ocean
Island.
Stnir Santa Roea, Alexander. 41 hours from
Ean Dieco.
Etmr Cblco, Johnson, IS hours from Fort
Bragg.
fctriir'Bee, Krog, 20 hours from Eurekrf.
Stmr Kvichak. Nelson, 10 days from Karluk.
Stmr Francis H Leggett, Reiner, 20 hours
from Eureka: bound to San Pedro; put in to
land passengers; with bark Homeward Bound
in tow.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Cann, 12 hours from Mon-
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Bark Homeward Bound. Thompson, 29 hours
from Eureka; nut in to finish loading; In tow
of Ftmr Francis H Leggett.
Schr Newark, Johnson, 21 hours from Byx
bees Landing.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, 3 hours from
Bolinas. -
CLEARED.
Thursday, October 26.
Stmr Nevadan, Weeden, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co. „
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamshln Comoany.
G«r stmr Germanlcus. Berndt, Vladivostok
via Seattle: Barnes & Hlbbard Co.
Ger stmr Neko, R'.ckmann, Hambursr via
Port Townsend and Seattle; J D S^OreckeJs &
Bros Co.
Br ship Kirkcudbrightshire, Roberts, Eure
ka; Hind, Rolph & Co.
Br ship Dunsyre. Mahon, London; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co. .
SAILED.
Thursday, October 26.
Stmr Maggie, Corninc, Halirnocn Bay. . .
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego
and way . ports. \u25a0 .
Stmr James S Hlgglns, Dorwln, San Pedro.
Stmr WestDort. Carlson, Westoort.
Stmr Elizabeth. Jensen, Coquille River.
Stmr Meteor, McFarland, Seattle.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Nebraskan. Weeden, Honolulu.
Stmr Helen P Drew, Gunderson, Point
Arena.
Stmr Fulton, Panzer, Eureka.
Stmr Francis H Liggett, R»lner, San Pedro.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Wlnkel, Eureka.
Ger stmr Germanicus. Berndt, Vladivostok
via Seattle. " . . • \u25a0
Ship John A Briggs, Gammons, New York
via Seattle.* ,
Fr ship General de Boisdeffre, Bail, Queens
town.
Brig Geneva, Chase. Anacortes. .
Schr Newark, Johnson, Stewarts Point.
Schr Coqullle. Spring, Coquile River. .
Schr A M Baxter. I«aac3an^ Grays Harbor.
Schr-Cha* E Falk, HennlnKsen, .
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola, Eureka.
Schr John G North, fe'Jornstrom, r"ort Gamble.
Barge Santa Paula. Pille, Port Harford, in
tow of tug Sea KJng.
SPOKEN.
Oct 25 — 475 milen south of Sandy Hook, stmr
Havana, from New York for Cnlon.
Sept 2G — Lat 12 N, long 25 W, Fr bark
Francois d'Amnolse. from Cardiff for San
Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 26,, 10 d m — Weather
hazy; wind SW: velocity 8 miles per hour.
' - , DOMESTIC PORTS. •
KODlAK— Sailed Oct 11— Bark Servla, for
San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD — Arrived Oct 3 25— Stmr
Pasadena, from Eureka. Oct 26 — Stmr Coos
Bay, from Ban Pedro, and called Oct 26, 4:30
am, for San Francisco.' ; - .
COOS BAY — Arrived Oct 26 — Stmr F A Kil
burn,' hence Oct 23, via Eureka: for -Astoria;
stmr' Breakwater, hence Oct 24; stmr Alliance,
from Astoria. . :
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 25— Stmr * Mackinaw,
for San Francisco; etmr San Mateo, for San
Francisco; Br. ship, Hyelensburgh, for .United
Kingdom. •
Arrived Oct 26 — Br ship Wm Mitchell, henc«
Sept 21. .-
BAN PEDRO — Arr'ved Oct 25— Stmr' Alca
traz, from Groenwood. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 • ' - v
Sailed Oct 20 — Schr Argus, for • Ban Fran
cisco. \u25a0 , -.--\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . . . :
, Arrived Oct 26-^-Stmr Navarro, 1 from '.Union
Landing. . ' / . ' . '
Sailed Oct 26 — Bktn Encore, for Coos Bay.
SEATTLE-^-Sailed . Oct 25— Ger \u25a0. stmr , Aby
dos, for San Francisco. , Oct 26— Stmr Dolphin,
for Skagway; stmr Farallonr for Bkagway. : " • '
Sallert Oct 25— Stmr Geo Loomls, for Port
Harford. i^K^K^^g^mSf^^^' :i >^ii f *:
Arrived Oct 20. 11 a m — Stmr Melville Dol
lar, hence Oct 22.^23*sgK£83BnspqKtMQttiBR
BEULINGHAM— SaiIed Oct 28— Schr Fred J
Wood, for San PeUro. , '.- • : "' '
Weather Report.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26— « p. m.
The following maximum and minimum
temperatures arc reported for previous day:
Boston i O4-32 Pittsburg .... 48-42
Chicago 40-3S New Orleans ....76-58
Cincinnati 48-36 New York . ..S4-38
Honolulu. H, T..80-70|St. Louis 54-3S
Jacksonville .80-70;Wa9hington 52-44
Philadelphia M-33
SAN FRANCISCO ....72-52
THE COAST RECORD. *N.
- 3 ?S ?= 4 1
STATIONS. * SgS5 ?•§, .5° -f
• \u25a0 c c • « • - b
\u25a0 • ' S "3 •' • •
Baker .... 30.32 46 32 N Clear .00
Carson 29.08 72 32 W .<Jlear .00
Eureka 30.12 54 52 N Cloudy .CO
Fresno .30.00 7S 46 "NW Clear .00
S.E. Farallon.3o.C2 65 52 NW Clear , .00
Flagstaff 30.02 6fi 22 S Clear ' .00
Independence .30.00 74 40 S Clear .00
Los Angeles. .29.02 84 53 SW Clear .00
Ml. Tama;pals."!O.or> 73 58 NW Clear .00
North Head . .30.32 64 44 S Pt Cldy .00
Phoenix 29.86 80 46 W Clear .00
Pt. Reyes Lt. .29.98 57 CO N Clear .00
Pocatello 30.14 54 60 SW Clear .00
Portland ....30.24 50 38 NW Pt Cldy .00
Red Bluff 29. 9 C 84 50 W Clear .00
Roseburjr 30.20 30 46 NW Cloudy .CO
Sacramento ..20.08 78 48 NE Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.10 58 60 NW Cloudy .00
San Franclsco.3o.o2 72 52 W Clear .00
San Jose .*..30.C2 78 40 NTV Clear .00
S L. Obis-p0.. 29.94 8« 68 N \u25a0 Clear .00
San Diego 29.92 70 58 NW Clear .CO
Seattle 30.36 52 36 NW Pt Cldy :0»>
Spokane 30.38 50 34 NW Clear .00
TatooMi 30. 3S 50 44 E Clear .00
Walla Wa11a.. 30.34 6« 42 S Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .30.14 62 42 NE Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.86 90 58 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is (cenerally clear over. the en
tire Pacific \u25a0 Coast, except Southern Oregon
end Northern Nevada, where there has been
considerable cloudiness.
Warm weather -continues In the great val
ley of California, and atternoon temperatures
are about 80 desrees. - . • . \u25a0
Low .. f ocr prevails, alone the^.northern coast
of California. •\u25a0
FORECAST -FOR OCTOBER 27.
San Francisco and '\u25a0 vicinity— Fair Friday,
with Hsht north winds changing to westerly.
L«os Angeles and vicinity — Fair Friday, with
light north winds, changing to southerly.
Sacramento Valley— Fair Friday, with tight
north winds. -• , .-\u25a0,,,_
Ban Joaquln Valley— Fair Friday, with light
north winds.
Coast— Fair Friday, with light west wind«.
Xevada— Fair Friday. •
A G. McADIE, Diatrict Forecaster.
TATOOSH— Passed in Oct 2tf — Bktn Maka
weli. from for BeMrtßham.
Passed out Oci 20 — Schr Annie fc. Smalt,
from l'ort Townsend tor Santa Rosalia; stmr
Mackinaw, from Tacoma lor ban Kranciseo.
fassed in Oct -U— Br chip DJtton. from Aca-
P Vassecl out Oct 26— Br ship Helensbur«h.
from Tacoma for Queenstown.
EVUKETT— Arrived Oct 2O— Schr i'aurUß,
from San Pedro. < • \u25a0 •
FORT UKAGG — Arrived Oct "b — Stmr
Brunewlck, hence Oct 25. • '
JUNEAU— SaiIed Oct 25— Stmr City of Se
attle for Seattle.
Sailed Oct Cti — Stmr Jefferson; for Seattle
KUREKA— SaiIed Oct 26— Schr Esther
Buhne. for San Pedro; «tmr Corona, for San
Francisco. .
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 25 — Br stmr Abergel
dle, from Mojl: Br atmr Adncoun, hence Oct
23; Fr bark l'Hermiie, .from Antwerp; Btmr
Eureka, h« nee Oct 23; stmr Wasp, hence Oct
23. Oct 26 — Stmr Costa Klca, hence Oct 24;
Schr Louis. . hence Oct 7.
Sailed Oct. -5 — Br stmr KniKht Errant, , for
Yokohama: stmr Northland.. for San Francisco.
Oct HO — Stmr Homer, for San Francisco; stmr
Whittler, for San Franclaoo.
PORT TOV/NSEND — Arrived Oct 26 — Bktn
Makawell, from Shanghai.
GRAYS. HARBOR— Arrived Oct 20— Bktn S
G Wilder, hence Oct 10; schr Resolute, from
San Pedro. v
Sailed Oct 2(3— Schr Watson A vWest, for
Guaymas; stmr» Chehalls, Aberdeen and Olym
pic, for San Francisco; eehr Llztie Vance, for
San Francisco. \u25a0 \u25a0.-
OL.YMPIA — Sailed Oct '2C— Schr G W Wat
•on, for Kan Francisco.
SAX DIEGO — Sailed Oct 2G— Schr Azalea,
for Eureka.
"PORT GAMBI-E— Sailed Oct 26 — Ship J B
Thomas, for Sydney.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Oct 26 — Schr Ex
celsior, hence Oct o. ' ~ V - - ,
ABERDEEN — Arrived -' Oct 26— Schr Reso
lute, from Ban Pedro; bktn 8 G -Wilder, - hence
Oct 10. - \u0084.-\u25a0 \u25a0"-•\u25a0 -A ' ':'\u25a0':': - : '\u25a0*'\u25a0\u25a0 , --\u25a0 ' .
Sailed Oct 20 — Stmr Chehali*. for San Pedro;
echr Watson A -West, for Guaymas: achr Liz
ale Vance, for San Francisco; schr Transit, for
Sari Francisco. H
HARDY, CREEK — Arrived Oct 26 — Stmr
Marshfleld. from San Pedro. • .'
ISLAND. PORTS.
MANlLA— Arrived Oct. "8 — Ger stmr Vanda
lia. from Yokohama. Sept o— Schr J W Cllse,
from > Portland, Ore.- \u25a0 -
KlHEl— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Anryll, with
bktn-Fullerton In tow, for Port Harford.
' HONOLULU— SaiIed Oct 26— Schr Alice
Cooke, for Port Gamble: Br bark Sofala,
for .
'EASTERN PORT.
CHICAGO. ILL— Sailed Oct 25— Stmr Indian
apolis, for Seattle." ; ' .
FOREIGN PORTS.
% GUAYMAS— SaiIed Oct 21— Schr Alice Mc-
Donald, for Puget Sound. 1 •
. CALLAO — Sailed .: Sest 25 — Br , Etmr Condor,
for New York. ;-•'<-.• \ v - \u25a0 \u25a0•.' . : : -\u0084:
HAMBURG— SaiIed Oct 23— Ger stmr Sesos
tris. for £an Francisco.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Oct 25— Br stmr La
buan, for'Orecon. : -
Arrived prior to Oct 25— Ger stmr Arabia,
from Astoria : JaD stmr Iyo ( Mam, from Se
attle. :~- \u25a0 \u25a0 •"\u25a0-" ".\u25a0 \u25a0: . \u25a0 •• ' « " -':-\u25a0
VALPARAISO— Arrived Oct 10— Br stmr
Hlilmere, from' New York. ; .<
COLON — Arrived Oct 23— Btmr Mexico, from
New York...- -A :' - '\u25a0 .': ;:. ': '" , .':. .- \u25a0\u25a0
Sailed Oct 91— Stmr, Finance, for New York.
HONGKONG — Arrived ".- Sect o—B0 — Br -.•tmr
Claverlng. f rom. Sal lna: Cruz. Oct 25— Br stmr
Empress of India. ; from. Vancouver. "' ,
\u25a0 NEWCHWANG-^Arrived \u25a0< < Oct ;- : 4— Br stmi>
Epgbm,'; from Port Blakeley;- \u25a0"- \u25a0 . • . . . .• \u25a0 - - \u25a0' y
SHANGHAI— Arrived -Sept 27— Br atror Win.
nebago, hence Aur -27. :.
\u25a0 MALTA— Pawed Oct - 2&— Br •- *tmr Indra
pura, from>New York- for Manila. -
NEWCASTLE. AUS— Sailed Oct 2ft— Br itmr
Cape Antlbes.'; for San Francisco.-:.. - ':: . •
fe GUAYAQUIL— Arrived Oct 15^Br itmr Ci.
pac. henca ; Sept 29 for »V«lp»raUo. l aEß**'*"
BALAVERRY — Arrived Oct 20 — Br itmr Ct
pae. bence . Sept 29 for j Valparaiso via Guaya
quil. V.: ;' : r--T :\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0:.: -:.-'y<f-:-?..-.--^J.
Memoranda.
EUREKA; , Oct 26 — Stmr * Corona, < whtch
started' for San' Francisco to-day, -\u25a0 Is detained
on account of thick rfog.':- ". -•
LONDON,' Oct 25— Acapulco report* Brahip
Bermuda, from ' Newcastle, Aus, previously; re
ported :, towed :. In,'; has I been j." surveyed : Mt ' is
thought i she ; can > be, sufficiently repaired ito
proceed in sand ballast for. £200 for temporary
MILK RAID
BY BOARD
A FIASCO
Warning Given Dairymen by
Prosecution of Smart and
Delay by Officials Causes
of the Negative Results
NO DRUGS FOUND
IN SEIZED FLUID
Lacteal Supplies Tapped by
(Citizens Show, the Use of
Hair Bleach as a Preserva
tive of the Cow Product
The' belated action of the Board of
Health in the matter of dairy inspection
has resulted in nothing. Balds made on
the milk dealers after they had days of
warning by reason of the prosecution of
George C. Smart for selling drugged milk
were only a flash in the pan. City, Che
mist H. G. D. Gibbs' report, filed yester
day, on the 163 samples of milk 'seized
early this week by the inspectors dis
closes that the dairymen, with ample, no
tice, had protected themselves.
Not a single case of formaldehyde, coal
tar or other poisonous adulterant was
brought to light. Out of the entire batch
the worst that could be found was tjie
presence of large quantities of bacilli,
some pus, and in a number of Instances
a low percentage of butter fats.
In contradistinction to these results
from Board of Health Inspectors'- collec
tions are the discoveries made in milk
samples submitted by citizens. These
samples were sent to the board by dairy
patrons who had made.no trumpeting of
their intentions, but had quietly prflpured
the milk and cream samples from vari
ous sources of supply. Chemist Glbbs
in submitting his report on such samples
disclaims all reponsibllity for them.
Health Officer Ragan goes further and
demands that any prosecutions based on
the reports must be inaugurated by the
persons who furnished the ' milk for
tests. .
FINDS NEW DRUG IX MILK.
Hydrogen peroxide, used as a medical
antiseptic and also is commonly utilized
for hair bleaching purposes, is the latest
poison to find a place in the up-to-date
San Francisco dairyman's laboratory ad
junct to his milking department. In ' a
sample of milk from the Green Valley
Dairy, submitted by Mrs.- J. Tomalty of
702 Natoma street, the chemical test re
vealed hydrogen peroxide. The drug is
used to prevent fermentation. Mrs. D.
B. Green of 1616 Hyde street furnished
milk from Shafer & Green, which tested
only 2.0 per cent butter fats, or U per
cent' below standard.' The same low per
centage was found in a sample from the
San Carlos dairy, sent in by M. Roche of
527 Castro street. Dr. H. M. Beck of
305 Sutter street supplied milk from the
Morning' Star Dairy which tested only 2.6
per cent. Cream from the Standard Milk
Company, supplied by W. Turner of IT7
Seventh street, contained borax. Mrs. J.
La Roche of 1634 Webster street turned
in milk from the Oakland Dairy that
tested only 2.2 per cent butter fats. *
Only two arrests were ordered by
Health Officer Ragan of dairymen whose
milk was seized by the inspectors this
week. These are Z. Sham, of 'the Marin
Dairy, whose milk tested only 2.9 per cent
fats, and E. H. Arnold. Arnold's milk
ran 2.4 per cent butter fats. He is in
the Police Court now on a charge of
using a filthy wagon . and with carrying
a can of water in his delivery cart.
So the mountain, labored and 10, a
mouse popped forth.
In Its dilemma the Board of Health
held a special meeting yesterday . morn
ing to attempt to shunt responsibility for
the conditions exposed by the Smart pros
ecution. The board solemnly j resolved
that it needed more money, that without
money nothing could be done. So \u25a0 the
official game of "passing: the buck" was
invoked and a bunch of "whereases" con
cluded with a demand upon the Board of
Supervisors for coin, $3000 being the
amount which the board concluded would
provide for outside inspection and labora
tory examination of milk.
Not forty-eight hours before that the
department officials were explaining that
their Inaction as'to milk was due to elab
orate'inquiries concerning olive oils. Now
a question of emptying mare gold .out of
the d(y treasury is the excuse. The City
Chemist said he had made 932; chemical
analyses of milk samples since July 1.
Health office records show that more than
2.5 per cent of them were made since Eu
gene L«nt, the attorney, opened his cam
paign against poisoned milk not ten days
ago. Chemist Gibbs reported he had found
In the milk examined the following adul
terants: ' One hydrogen peroxide, seven
formaldehyde,', ten borax, nineteen arti
ficially colored, 171 below the 3.4 per cent
and above 3 per cent in butter fats and
hfty-two below 3 per cent. . . :
DEALERS WATER THE MILK.
He was satisfied from his investigations
that the use of poisonous adulterants is
not generally practiced by the milk deal
ers, but the milk supply, Glbbs comments,
is by no means ideal. Gibbs adds:
A oractlc* which is quite common among
some of the larie dealers Is that of watering
tho milk. Thi» is • Intellirently carried on
by means of analysis of the milk received from
the country shippers, and the -maximum
amount of water which can be added and still
ke«p the milk within th« standard.
Dr. James ..Ward, president of the. Board
of Health, said yesterday that . prosecu
tions of dairymen whose milk shows ba
cilli cannot be prosecuted.' He asserted
there was no law'^under which' they could
be reached. - :\u25a0\u25a0/\u25a0\u25a0 .
Dr. A.' A. d'Ancona of the health com
mittee o£ the Board \of Supervisors ob
jects to the implied criticism of the board
contained in the resolution adopted yes
terday by the Board of Health. .: He said:
The Board of Health last year declared that
the appropriation lor food investigation. In
cluding of course milk, should provide for
laboratorlcal work, 'rather than for direct ex
amination of food by outsMe inspection. .In
accordance with that view the Supervisors al
lotted $12,000, representing i eight Inspectors"
pay tnr a year, and that money was j used. I
presume, for laboratory work. The same . ac
tion was taken this year, ample funds for the
chemlcar analysis -belns' set aside. Besides
this there are three dairy inspectors In addi
tion to' other 'inspectors; for food products. I
am satisfied funds; are sufficient for proper
conduct of thu dairy- work. ;\u25a0 ..',,'.
C..N.' -Johnson, v : who ; paid a $10 -. fine
Wednesday; for selling f cream j containing
boron and ; unlabeled," said \u25a0 he, bought \ the
cream from Murphy; & Paul \u25a0 and was in
nocent ;c^. knowledge -that > it, K wasr thus
treated. rCharlesW. ; Haufe." proprietor of
the ; Oakland S Dairy, ; paid - $10 : fine yester
day. In Police Judge Cabaniss' ,"\u25a0 court 5 for
selling cream containing l formaldehyde.
Hauf e pleaded he had purchased the stuff
from 'another.? dealer.\f State ; : Dairy/ In
spector - ; W. K.>Freeman gave -both \u25a0: deal
ers' good \u25a0• reputations.:. Freeman i swore I to
a /complaint, yesterday* in Judge : Cabaniss'
court ? for Uhe* arrest of lT.'jF: k Marron on
a charge i of. selling ; cream-that contained
boron \u25a0 and wa»iunlabeled." '
' The cases of E. ~ Ai' • Greeia ; and John
FIRES BULLET
TO STOP THIEF
Detective Armstrong Chases
Man Who Purloined toti-
Jiefl Check From Marine
PROVES GOOD SPKINTEB
Others Join in Pursuit, Using
Horse and Wagon, but the
fugitive Makes His Escape
Thomas-McCarthy, -a marine from
Mare Island, * reported' to the . police
about 6 o'clock yesterday morning that
he had been robbed of a certified check
for $440 ,on the Wells-Fargo Nevada
National Bank. He said he had been
drinking with a man who took him to
the "Winchester Hotel and stole the
check . from, his pocket while he was
asleep. He gave" a description of the
man.
Detective Armstrong, who happened
to be on duty in the Hall of Justice,
went with McCarthy to look for the
thief. As they passed a pawnshop on
Montgomery avenue, a man ran out
and , -McCarthy . instantly recognized
him as the stranger 'Who had taken
him to the Winchester Hotel. Arm
strong and .McCarthy gave chase and
Armstrong called upon the fugitive to
stop or he would shoot. No attention
was paid to the threat and Armstrong
pulled out his revolver and fired three
shots in the air, but that had no effect.
Policeman Engel, who was in the
branch postoflice on Jackson street,
between. ' Montgomery and Sansome,
heard the shots and ran out. He Joined
in the chase, but " the fugitive had
proved himself such a good sprinter
that there seemed little chance of over
taking him. Sergeant S. Campbell was
in' toe neighborhood and he and Arm
strong jumped into a wagon and
whipped up the horse, -but they lost
sight of their man on Broadway, near
the v/ater front. \u25a0-' ' . . '
Payment of the certified check has
been stopped at the bank and descrip
tions of the thief have been sent to all
the outside stations, r
Linehan, charged with using coal tar dyes
in cream and milky were " continued yes
terday in Judge Cabaniss' court until
Saturday.
AFTER 3IILK DEALERS.
Sausalito Board of Health 'Will Prevent
• Us* ot Drogs.
SAUSAL.ITO, Oct. 26.— The Board of
Health of Sausalito to-day commenced
a rigid and thorough inspection of milk
sold here and also of milk shipped 'to
San Francisco.- Milk shippers and
dealers having: adulterated milk in
their possession will be dealt with In
the courts. Owing; to the numerous
complaints of impure milk being: fur
nished to families, the board at a re
cent meeting determined to take active
steps 'to prevent the use here of adul
terated and impoverished milk. ' They
are now taking: samples out of the
milk cans and will have it analyzed. If
any milk examined fails to pass the re
quired test and shows presence of for
malin or any other deadly \u25a0 preserva
tive, the guilty, person wJU-.be charged
with selling adulterated milk and vig
orously prosecuted in the courts by the
board. : ' ' ' . . ..
Several of~"the dealers were- 'cau
tioned some time ago about using pre
servatives in their milk and selling
milk from sick cows. A large' pdrtton
of San Francisco's supply comes from
this county. ''..]'."' '." ".
; The Jaoanese Hner -America Mara, Captain
Philip Hastings Going, will sail at 1 o'clock
to-day -for the Orient. She will carry a- full
cargo and more than 200 Dasssngers.
RATIONAL TREATMENT
' or
Stomack Diseases
Discard Injurious Drugs
USB
A Harmless, Powerful Germicide
Endorsed by Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postage
•: on Free Trial Bottle. Sold by leading
druggists.
_ NSTGINItMIWITMevT MT 'siaNITUM!
\u25a0 6io prince St., New York.
Wwte for Fniu Booklet on RathnalTreatmeht
, -• • OF DISIASg. ;-!___
$% MEN'S DISEASES
BfiS?«jßal We especially solicit
ffPJfrnSrT^l those cases of ','Weak-
B^JxflS I ness." Varicocele, Hy-
IkMM drooele. Stricture, Con-
M^ra tracted. Disorders. Spe-
KaaftjS^tfga cltlc Blood Poison. Piles.
\u25a0MLrMMBB Rupture, Rheumatism,
JDK. LiKMio Lops of Vigor,^Catarrh,
STAFF. etc., that have been un-
1023 Mar-- successfully treated "by
other specialists. Our
pioneer Men's methods = of treatment
__^ SpecUitst.__ are different, and by
curing stubborn and difficult cases- have
won reputation from the Atlantic to the
Pacific as leading specialists in men's"
diseases, and have^ built up the largest
practice of its kind on the entire Pacing
Coast, from Alaska to Mexico. H .
Fe*» «re falri enrea are permanent,
and'you «*nn par If enred. Entrance
prlTitte. Bulldlnar only used by, u».
FIRST SPECIALISTS 30 YEARS IX S. F.
See free museum to-dny. Hear f reo
lecture to-night and learn who should
marry, who not, and wny. Call or write.
DR. L I E B I GST AF F
1033 Mwrkfft Street. Sth Bldg. above 6th.
j**tiaP^fefl MENMDWOMEft.
•ftXf&tfirpx**mi On Bt« 0 for nsnstvrU
UUchargsi.lafla»»»atlooi,
MSyf a^mtHTl IrrltstUas or uleartlloaa
MmW s»i t» itrittan. ™. of bib eons marahrsaNk
!>\u25a0 4 rrraato f wtoffra. P»ioi»«l, •»« DOt SJtrl*
HK»THtE»A«ICHIHmiCB. c«at or poiionoas. . .
jSfo. eiMuniATi.QJBHi «•!< »y i>rac«uu -
VMdi B.M.A. 3HT' •«\u25a0 ••\u25a0* '» v'sJn wrap?**. '.
/Kjj^fcf. by azprsv pr«p»liJ. lmt
; Alwuys. Remember th« FcJljNfrae
g _Bgativ6 Kroino
CnrcS aCold fa One D«y, Cr^te 3 Dayt
avl)r. Gibbon's Jiigpensary,
| 629 MEABMT \u25a0T.r.aublbbed
Lin 1934 for the treatment of Crlrxte
I Dt^ases, t.ont Kanbood. D-blllty or
Qdlspsa* wearlnffpn bodxano mind and
\u25a0Skin DfawsM. The Doctor cnr?s w lieo
\u25a0others fall. . Try hint. • (-barges low.
I<n»i j;aar>mr«d. Call or wxi A
fIIBBOX, Baa Itaaclace, CaL
j_ ApVEKPSEMEXTS.
I Expert Brains J
I Trained Brains 1
I Money-Making Brains I
I For further partiealan S
I Barnhart and Swasey I
S — — — Incorporated — — — S
1 Management of Advertiiinj I
B 107 Now Montromery St.. S. F. I
I ". ; ' T«I«phon« Main 392 ' I '
1 Booklets written, illustrated I
1 and printed. Advertising I \u0084
I campajjjn* inaugurated and S \u25a0
E successfully carried oat. Iff
WE CURE MEN FOR $12.50
w TKSi Specialists.
/7 \u25a0'&§ PaldTillCarBll
J^Akm^ -'• jL EmnbaHfally
W> care .\«von« Debility. Varlco-
eele. t'rrthral Obstrndlon, Blood
Potaon. Kidney aad Bladder Trou-
ble*. Proatatlc Diseases and all Dis-
ease* of Men.
SPECIAL DISEASES — NewlT con-
tracted and cbrocic cases cured. All born-
ing, itching and Inflammation itopp«d In
twenty- four hotm; cores eff acted In seven
days. \u25a0
We especially Invite all DISCOURAGED
and DISSATISFIED sufferers who ha-»«
been treated without receiving a cure to
call on as. It will cost you nothing to
consult us and hay* an examination ot
your .case made, and we shall be glad: to
tell you frankly what Is your condition and
what we can do for you.
, Write. If you cannot call. All corre-
spondence strictly confidential and all re-
plfes sent in plain envelopes. No names',
cases., letters or photographs of patient*
published or exposed.
DR. HOLSMAN & CO.
Hours: 9 to 5. 7 to 8:30 p. m. dally; ' Su-
nday. 0 to 12.
730 MARKET ST. (Top Floor* S. V.
h visnr DR. JORDAN'S gkcat
I'MOSEUH OF AHATOMY
V Or. T>«t»r<t«* *i««i)a«l lluiii la th.
A . IT»rli. Wnlifuo »r »«y «*atfMta4
F ggl» U<uh *Ml«l»l7 <»»< Dr thi (dw
* fisg?t Bp<ci»'J« «a t»« Com*. EtuUjmn.
A l&s\ OR, JGROAN-OtSEASES QP MEN
\ f <?s^r§i Cnnlnttn tf l»J itH«U» pHrat.
f Iffaß 98<it*mrKrsla«T«x7eaJ««idar»*k«B.
§r if Hv WWritert * ter e<K: *> r wiLoa«rarr «r
\ • A if "A88146E. UXOMB Oil. I A
A x* Ii **ta*bl* kMk te sita.)
f DB. JOXDAX A CO^ 10S1 Martrt St .B. F.
-v«n^fc-^l^^^^^"^a> <^-^fc. <^^.^>-qh.»
k ,aPATENTSI, a PATENTSl 2)
T> . . .JS lIS II 1 1 \u25a0 \u25a0ISSSSMSSSSMSSSSML __ .L J
Vgy 330 MARKET ST.s!r>SSy
OCEAN TRAVEL.
. Steamers l«aT« Ftsn 9
yztXC XV and 11. San Francisco:
Sy!?' —^fiS. 'or Ketchlkan,
\u25a0Ij?" 4 IHU' sai, A. Juneau, Tr*adwell, Haines.
i / I I Skagway. etc.. Alaska — It
( \aSA/ a - w- Oct. 2. 7, 12. IT. 22.
VA \r^»' iJl ' NoT - l * Caau*» to thl«
NR^O* S**/ company's steamers at Se-
\^3^-^f>r attU-
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes. South Belllngham. Beliingham — 11 a.
m.. Oct. 2. 7, 12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. 'Chang* at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Ahuka
and G. N. Ry.. at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
By.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. l:3O
p m., Oct 2. 8. 14. 20. 2ft. Nov. 1. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Oct. 3. 11. 17. 23. 29. War. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
! Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 8 a. m.
Stata ot California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
gan Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos.. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme —
Coos Bay!. 9 a. m.. Oct. 3. 13. 21. 29. Nov. 4.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Oct. 1. 9. 17.^23. Notr. 2.
' For Ensenada. MaKdalenJi Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rosa-
lia Guaymas <Mex.> 10 . m.. Ith each month.
\L\SKA EXCURSIONS. S«ason 1006— Th»
oahttlal- \laska.- excursion steamship SPOKANE
will leav« Tacoma, Seattle and Victoria Junw
T "1 July 5 19. August Z.
For further information obtain folder. Right
19 reserved to change steamers or sailing dat««:
TICKET OFFICES — \u2666 New. Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). - 10 Market st.. and Broadway
wharfs. FrHght OfHoe-lO Market st- ,
Oakland Of flee— 932 Broadway. , '
CD DUNANN. General Paasenger Agent.
; ' \u0084 . 10 Market at. . Franci»c<x
toyq:kisen kaisha
.ORIENTAL S. S. Cp.*^,;
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, 1 P. m.. for Tokohama and
Honekong. ratlins at Honcroln. Kohe fHIogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, aad connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for ;Ind!a._etc. - N«
Qn carKO received on board on day of sall'.ns.
s°c c America maru- fridat. Oct. zt:
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates.
For freight and passage apply at company's
office, seventh fioor. M-rch^nts' Exchange.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent. _
S S \u25a0VENTURA. for 'Honolulu. Samoa. Aucii-
*Und and Sydney Thursday. Nov." 2, 2 B m.
8 MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Nov, 22,, II a.m.
} fcSPKCJELS i BRQ3.Ca.AIti TiEUt Q2C 64^'H;-
bl WM CiR 327 KaTtSC St. Plsr 7, PkiHj 5^-
Canipc^nle Generate TraasaUanUque. '.
DIRECT' LINE TO HA VR E-Pam. .rfgp^
balling every Thamday instead of 3iS»WS
1 Saturday. 10 «. m.. from Pier 42.
North Riv«r. foot of Morton st.
KlVst-cJass to Havre. *70 and upward. S««-
nnd elata to Havre. $*3 and upward. GeN-
ERAL ACENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CiVADA 32 Broadway (Hudson bunding;
New York. J.s*. FUOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Mentgomcrr avenue. San- Francisco.
Tickm >o!d by all Railroad Ticket Agtnts^^
BAY- AND iyTERURBA*y ROygE *•.'_,
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD,
VALLEJO and NAPA
IVapa \/«alle>y Route
Monticello S. S. Co. and Napa* Valley Elee-
trlc R. R. Co. Clos« connections.
- :. 6 ROU.V D TRIPS s D AILY— «
Beat* leave San Francisco 7:CO. •9:U>». m..
12-30 noon. 3:13. «:00.' 8:30 p." m.
San Francisco- tandmg and offlc*. Pi»r 2.
foot of Mission aL.ons block south Marke«-«v
F«rry- Meals ala carte. Pbooa Mtii IMC
•Land* Navy Yard dlrsct.
1112
DON'T "HANG AROUND" THE HOUSE AND GET THE
\u25a0 _Tiß^__MjLr
JOHN P. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Adfiress CommunlcaUons to
JQIIX McNACGHT Slanagcr
\\. J. 3IARTIX Business Manager
~E L — PHONE.
3s£s£\£%£r
_^S°Ro^.V.V_^ SSTeve^ Z
X>!lvered by Carrier*. 20 Cte. ? er . W 4_ I * 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Ct*.
rrrrms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
DAILT CALL «nclud."unday>. 1 5W..*9.00
DAILY CALL <Wclud. Sundaj). 6 nsos... «-w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •
MNDAY CALL. 1 Year J w
POSTAGE. \ weekly * l-«> P er Year Klt^
ALL rOSTM.U^KRS y ARE AUTHORISED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded when re-
(.uested. .
Mail subscribers in ordering change ofa^-
<rws fhouid be psrticular to give
AXD OLD ADDRESS In orfier to lneare _a
pranvt and correct compliance with their ri k
«ueet.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1C26 Broadway Telephone Malm 1083
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
J«35 Park Street. Near Santa Clara Avenu*.
Phone Alameda 658.
EERKELEY OFFICE:
ZU& Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
_. E. CRANE 140ti G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STA?O3S:
Waldor:- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
fr.:on Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotrl and Hofiroan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Houte; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Bulldln*
<Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2618.' )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
comer Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year:
BP.ANCH OFFICES:
:i.CS Market etrett. opposite Fifth; open until
31 p. tn.
SOU Montgomery aye.: open until 9 p. ra,
it'o Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
, t3',t McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
RIJ LarJiln ttreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
J'.Wl MiEEion street; open until 10 p. m. '
106 Eleventh Etreet; open until 8 p. m.
:\u25a0 ..'j Valencia street; open««!ntll a p. ra.
Ivcrtheast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
£200 Fillrnore ttreet: open until P p. m.
<Sl4 J street, near Ocean Boulevard; open
cn;!l b p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. ,
CALIFORNIA Coaimandery No. IK. -
T.— Stated aEsemb'.y THIS (FRI- *,rtj"
LiAYt EVENING, et 7:30 o'clock. l_3
WILLIAM R. JOST. Recorder.
PACIFIC Lodpe No. 136. F. and A. M.. *.
will meet THIS EVENING, at 7:30 VV
o'clock. Third degree. /^r\
GHOHGE PJ:NLIN'GTON. Sec.
VALHALLA Encampment No. 7, I. O. «l jm
< '. F. — The oiflcers and members of*\^*
the funeral cornrr.ittee are hereby re- y\
quested to assemble in their hall, OddX X
IV'.lowfc' building, SATURDAY. October 2b,
1 :30 p. Ki. tharp, to attend the funeral of
our late C. P. P. HERMANN F. BARTH-
GLD. By order of CHR. F. GOOS, C. P.
G. MOENNING, Scribe.
6AN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3, I. .^.s^tc,
'\u25a0. O. F. — The officers and mem #s*^s
bers a:c earnestly requested to "^irpz^&glSse
be present TO-NIGHT to prepare
tor incoming initiations.
F. LAFAIX. Noble Grand.
H. L. MEYERS. Secretary.
CONCORDIA Lcdce No. 122. I. O. jhV___-
• ' F. — The members of the lv- -^l^^^ife
ncra! committee are hereby nc:!- \u25a03< i^iSp^
ned to assemble at I. O. O. F. ''JtSw*^
Hall SATURDAY. October 28. at 1:30 o'clock
j. m. to attend the funeral of our late
brother. HERMANN BAKTHOLD, deceased.
By crdcr of the N. G.
H. DORGELOH. N. G.
CHRIST ROEBER. Rec. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. K. cf P., •££.
m«ts THIS (FKIDAYJ EVENING. *~s&Uf
• hi £ o'clock, i J iunc-er building, 24 7^^
fourth ft. l'ase rank. Visitors tn- JQS}\.
\iW. JOHN M. LORTON. C. C. «-*^
J*, X. McLENNAN. K. of R. and S.
'AMITY Lodge No. F. and A. M.. _
extends a cordial invitation to all San vy
I'rancisco lodges and sojourning Ma- /\f\
«ons to attend their cor.FtUution and
dedication services at Mission Masvcic Ter-
n:>. it;us Mission n.. Friday evenino,
October 27. at 8 o'clock. By order of the
V>'orshiEful Master.
A. B. CLARK. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA LODGE No. 1. K. of -*i»
]'.. meets THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- *$?s3&rf
IXG at fc o'clock. Pioneer building, "/2~'i7
lit Fourth ttreet. Visitors cordially £&!>£
invited.
JOHN M. LORTON. C. C.
R. N. McLENNAN. Iv of R and S.
CAN FRANCISCO Ter.t No. y££s3£?i_ j
IS, K. O. T. M.— Review /S-G-— '^W_ :
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- Otfi fy tK^a
ING at t> o'clock. Picneer n*il i T iv?*irl
K^li, il Fourth st. 1»»_/-VlS5f
D. B. RICHARDS.
Record Keet>tr. i
THE Calif crr.ta Debris Commission having re-
• o*ived sppMcatior.s to mine by hydraulic pro-
oeee irom Lundecker Oold Mining Company
In Lar.decker mine, near Plaoerville. El-
dorado County. Cal.. draining Into Webber
Creek, which drain* into south lork Ameri-
can Rivtr: from H»nry N. Lake and E. H.
>'il> m Btar Flat mine, near K»lscy, El-
<!-rado County. Cal.. 'draining into Bear Flat
CasycDß. which drama into Rock Creek, gives
• roiice that a meeting to receive any pro-
•.rtii, ujil be held at room CS, Fioo3 building,
fan Franclecc. Cal. .November 6, 1303, at
1 :"ft p. Tn. '
ATTORXEVS-AT-LAW.
CIVOrCE: costs llZi quick, quiet; advice
free; no fee in advance; no charge unless
successful; open evening*: Trills. deeds,
l<£f»t, bills >}f sale and articles of copart-
Dersnlji cveSaOy prepared; corporations or-
Kacised: bankruptcy; collectiont; probating
of *s_tes: gtneral'cffite and court practice
in S:atc a:;d United Stales courts. 927 Mar-
Kn. r. SUI. Of rice jour?, 8 a. m. to 10 p. m.
A DIVORCE— QUICK and QUIET.
NO PAY ur.til granted.
t^ee me and save money. Advice Free.
EttabHabed _! >-^ars. Detective* employed.
I LEAD— Other* Follow.
".122 Market et.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
AJ-VI^E Mt-e. all leta! matters.
Nc charge ur.lfss EUccef.sfu!.
No Bdvanc* fees. •
A!! law b'jrinfss. Established 2f> rears.
Examiner building, rfjnm third floor.
I*. W. KING. Attorriey-at-L-n.— ', Exam. bldg..
6th f.ocr. entrance room 611; established 20
ypare; sll courts, general court* and office
•' practice; no fee in advance or for f-cnsulta-
tlcn: eveninps by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free: '.egal divorce cost* $12; all law
cs.trt handed: no fee in advanc*: open Sat-
urday evrnlngf; olh»r eveninps br appolnt-
tr.er.t: call and rave mon/>y. Sl9 Mkt., r. 33.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 302. consulta-
tion free: no fe« in advance. Open evening*.
COMPLETE divorce for f2O by able young at-
torney. Ad. EDWARDS, lock box 422. city.
A WEEK'S ne— e for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
36 rsgfs. in wrapper, /or mr.il inc. $1 per year.
ADOFTIOY.
TWO le-irls, £ and 4 years old, i-tout an' 4 good
looking, given away for adoption, to re-
ep»ctablp <^hilstiKn t>eople. Ap;>!y to GUS
TAV BOTE. 81.* Florida st.
ASTH3IA CURE.
A CI KOLA'S asthma remedy cures; for -sale
\u2666>>\u25a0 r!1 dratrg!»!s: main depot 1002 Market
rt.. St. Nichclas Hotel: -10c. 25c, COc poetag«.
BCOKKEEriXG. j
LET us keep your books: nothing too large,
nc thing too email; we make a specialty of
keeping: email Bets of books. i
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO.\
I>i, M-~;]tycrre-.- 1311. 630 Market et.
PEnrECT rare will be given to a few Infant*;
JK. a month. MRS. KHODA KAHSTADT.
tSCi _>cCall et., Oakland.
j BUSINESS CqAJfCES.
A— sl2oo; SALOON and sailors* boarding-house
en water front; 10 furnished rooms, kitchen,
etc.; rent $45; long established and good pay-
ing. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A—s3soA — $350- OYSTER and chop bouse; on water
front; rent $25; good place: established years.
See R. O. WILKE. 26tj Kearny Bt.
A—s6ooo;A — $6000; HAMMAN bath, the most popular
and most central located in S. F. ; large pat-
ronage of best class customers; clears above
$500 a month; lease. See R. G. WILKE, 26^
Kearny st. __^
A—s9oo;A — $900; OYSTER and chop bouse; the very
beet location in this city; a first-class paying
business; owner compelled to sell, account of
sickness. R. G. WILKE. 26 4 Kearny st.
A—s4soo:A — $4500: CORNER barroom; close to Chronicle
building; place established many years ; lately
renovated; elegant fixtures; large stock; sick-
ness of owner only cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny Bt. ' ' *
A— s2ooo; SALOON on water front; lease; 14
furnished rooms; a good paytng business; no
better location: disagreement of partners
cause of sale, R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A SPLENDIDLY located saloon; close to Mills
building; mercantile lunch; net rent $60:
lease; a fine chance; Investigate, you will
buy. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearr ly st.
A— $1000; SALOON on Fourth st.. close to ;
Market; an excellent location; good business;
mutt sell at once; other business calls him to
• the country. R. G. WILKE, 2G& Kearny st.
OLD established bakery in Western Addition;
large store trade; bake 6 barrels a day;
owner engaged In other business only cause
of eale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A MAN of ability and experience in handling a
eawmlll to invest $10,000 In a company or-
ganizing to take over coast sawmill about 1
year old; absolutely safe and 6 per cent guar-
anteed; good salary to right man. Address
box 4686. Call office. ' .
$300— DELICATESSEN and grocery store; ren».
$15; living rooms; good trade. National it.
E. Co.. 1027^ Market at., room 2.
$500— RESTAURANT; trade 520 to $25 day; S
private boxes; cash register, etc; sickness
caute of sale. Apply 1027 Vi Market st., r. 2.
NEAT saloon with fine stock liquors -and cigar
stand; owner going to Europe: good oppor-
tunity for right man. Inquire of BRUN3-
ING, TOLL_ _ POSTEL, Inc.. 51_ Front.
A NUMBER of energetic, well-educated young I
business men, who have had experience writ-
Ing insurance, are wanted in a business
where ouch training Is valuable; no capital
required. Box 1092. Call.
$300 — PARTNER wanted in light business,
suited to plain steady man satisfied with $I&
to $35 a week; trial given; no experience re-
quired; short hours. 759 Market St.. room 8.
A GOOD-paylng ealoon, centrally located on
Market et., to be sold on account of death
la the family. For particulars address Box
12A2. Call office. ;
FINE saloon, 17 well-furnished rooms; all j
rented; lon* lease; must be cold at once.
Inquire LEMLE. LEVY CO., 668 Mission.
GROCERY and bar cheap; north of Market
et_; account owner having other business.
Apply E. A. FARGO CO., 316 Front st.
RESTAURANT for sale, completely furnished;
a bargain; call Immediately on premise*.
11S8 Oak et. 1
FOR sale — Grocery and notion store: clsai
stand, with 5 living rooms adjoining. GER-
SON & BAER. 539 Market st.
FINE candy and icecream parlor, with factory;
good fixtures; large trade; must sell. Boa
1232, Call office. '_
SALOON — First class, with living apartmentsv
long lease; low rent; a bargain. Apply 3030
Fulton st.
GOOD oyster house for sale reasonable, at
once: long lease: established several years,
opposite new post office. 50 Seventh gt.
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland: a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. ADply
at Call buainess office for particulars.
A— RESTAURANT: on account of sickness;
must sell at once; price $350. 1359 Folsam.
SNAP — $25 will buy office furn.; oak, roll-top
desk, chaira, carpet, eta. R. 203, 927 Market.
$1050— BAKERY; a bargain; store trade; rent
$27 50; 4 living room». 2129 Mission at.
3 COWS and 30 customers for sale. Inquire
Five-Mile House. San Bruno road.
GROCERY, wine. liquor and fruit store ror
sale: reas. ; good business. 300 Devlsadero st.
$250 — A PARTY to Join me In a saloon, lunch
and rooming-house; big profit. 310 FoUom st.
FOR SALE — Bakery and coffee parlor;, best
location In town. Box 1216. Call office.
FOR sale — Party going away; delicatessen
store. 2957- Twenty-fourth st.
GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
office. - !
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion cf advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened 8t 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. tn.
BICYCLES.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought. Bold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY, 1826 Polk st.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
X CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Sacrifice: new. modern downtown house; first-
class location; 70 extra well furnished rooms;
large country transient trade; clearing $300 per
month; only with us.
Good lnveGtm ent: this 24-room, new, modern
i little apartment-house; elegantly furnished and
! equipped; everything first class; fine location;
j cheap rent; on account of sickness In family at
bargain.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FISHER & CO Phone Main 3351
Room 438, James Flood building.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale. 21 rooms, for
$750; clearing $72 per month. Call at 153S
Webster Et.. Alameda. :
$ISOO — HOUSE. 25 rooms; rent $75; clears $100
per month. M. LESS, 935 Market st.
$225 — 9 ROOMS: fine location: all full; clean
$33 net: bargain. Inquire 23S Sixth st.
18-ROOM house, nicely furnished; best busi-
ness street In city. Box 3922. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
Roomlnc-Honan and Hotel* for S»*g;
MARION GRIFFIN.
970 Market St., room 801. eighth floor.
Roomlng-House Broker. Phone Main 3343.
CAR PET-BE ATIXG AXD CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning C4rpcts.cn floor without* remov-
al; carpet and rugs also cleaned by com-
j.ressed air at shop; prices moderate. S. F.
Compressed Air Cleaning' Company, SOS Mar-
ket bt.; phone Main 102 and Bush 479. I
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
K_j for SPAULDINU'S Pioneer Carp»t Beat-
Ing Works. .'153-357 Tebamn st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet-Cleaning Works. 3809 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning. 8c FRED H AGE-
PORN _ CO.: phone Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., J. McQueen
proprietor. 829 Guerrero St.: tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
te'.. Main 594. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st. — First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263
L-ICH CURTAINS AND BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New York Curtain .House; most
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
' blankets. 1324 Flllmore: phone West 5306.
DENTISTS-^
DHEXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth, $2; silver fillings, 25c; gold
fillings. II : gold crowns, $3; bridge work. $3.
1104 Market St.. corner Turk. .
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
\u25a0 warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1448 Market, near 11th—
No cha«-re for extracting - when plates are
made; old plates made over like new:, teeth \u25a0
i from $8 per eet: extracting 60c; g«s given.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction.
60c. New York Dentists, 96J> Mission, cor. 6th
DR. J.- E. YOUNG, dentist, removed to 408
Sutter St., rooms 7 and S. .
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. ' $2/ no
I rain; op Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewlit.lOUi Grant ay.
. \u25a0 > \u25a0 -. - i_ \u25a0 . - L - ' -. :\u25a0-...'- \u25a0 - . --\u25a0-\u25a0,'
THE : ; SAN CFRANCI^O^^
CLArRVOYANTS.
AA— » PROF. NIBLO.'
IT IS JUST AS CHEAP TO SEE THE BEST.
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
' SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
MY |5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS, $1.
. 91 00— LOW FEE— $1 00.
%--*i*y_V : - '' — — <\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 v
BRING CALL COUPON AND - SAVE $4.
- MY S5 COMPLETE LIFE READING
FOR 51 IP YOU BRING THIS AD-
VERTISEMENT.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES.
NO CHARGE IF NOT SATISFIED WHEN
READING IS OVER— YOU TO BE JUDGE.
I DO HEREBY SOLEMNLY AGREE and
guarantee to make no charge If I fall to call
you by name In full, names of your friends,
enemies or rivals. I promise to . tell ' you
whether your husband, wife or sweetheart is
true or false; tell you how to gain the love
of the one you most \u25a0 desire, even ' though
miles away; how to succeed In business,
speculation, lawsuits; how to marry the one
of your choice; how to regain youth, health
and vitality. Removes evil lnfluences, : cures
drink habits, locates treasures, cures I all
nervous diseases.
How can I have rood luck?
How can I succeed In buainess? _
How can I make my homo happyT
How can I conquer my.enemle*?
How can I rr-arry the one I choos* "
How can I marry well?
How soon can I marry? "
How can I conquer my rivals?
How can I make any one' love m*T
How soon will my lover propose?
How can I get a good position?
How can I remove bad influences?
How can I control any one?
How make d'stant ones think of me?
How can I hold my husband's love? 1
How can I keep my wife's love?-
Oldest Established. First Registered.
Best known Clairvoyant in California-
Others may come and others may go, but
Profetsor NIBLO always remains.
Hours, 10 to 3 dally and Sunday.
411 A Ellis St.. near Jones st.
Permanently located in his own home. -
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
————— — — — ————————————————————
THE .ORIENTAL SEER.
TRANCE MEDIUM.
SCIENTIFIC PALMIST. '\u25a0
After.you have read all the big advertise-
ments of -wonders, wizards, consult CASH-
MERE, the real Hindoo lady, born in Bombay;
natural-born prophet: greatest adviser on busi-
ness and health ; no equal ; your name and
what you called for; secret power to influence
in 8 to 21 days.
Scltntiflc palmist and clairvoyant: all ques-
tions of life revealed; advises you\^rhether or
net you will be successful In love, marrlaK*,
business.
Special Offer for One Week Only.
50c 60c. 50c. BOc-
j 1015 Market st. New Arlington.
STANDING CHALLENGE:
$10,000— FOR HIS EQUAL— SIO,OOO
"ST. GEORGE ORMONDE."
Yoght Initiate Oriental Clairvoyant.
PSYCHIC PALMIST MYSTIC HEALER. .
Egyptian Aftral Dead Trance Medium.
A phenomenal $5 mental reading for $1. Tell
you more than all others combined: how to
overcome sickness, drink or weak habits, ene-
mies, spells, lost vitality, bad luck; find treas-
ures, valuable mines; marry your choice; re-
store loet love; secure secret powers of con-
trol; reunites separated: implants business suc-
cess. Reading by mall $2.
r-1031 Market st.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St..
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affaire of life; Miss,Wille guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the past; gives correct rorecast of your fu-
ture; advises you on important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. m. ; French. German. English spoken.
LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known clairvoyant In San Francisco. Re-
opened at 366 O'Farrell st. Hours 10 to 8.
1 Readings by mall, |2. '
MLLE. •"ORIETTA," world's greatest ralnd
reader; name, age, 2 seconds (no writing):
known everywhere; 6 method*. .$1; nuff sed.
122S Market gt.. ft to 9. .
MISS ZEMDAR, young, glft«d clalr. _ "palm.,
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
name* 50c, $1. 1035 Flllmore, nr., McAllister.
MME. KRONENBERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist: when others fall try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102^ Cth. nr. Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guar.; 25c up. 17 3d, next Examiner bldg.
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives names; advice in all affairs. 5 4th Et.
MME. ROBERTS, clairvoyant, scientific palm-
ist; gives facts, dates. The Metropole. 6 Turk.
i MME. WARD, 1153 Market St.. above 7th—
Clairvoyant gives names, dates and facts.
MME MAREEAU, card reader;, ladles 25c,
gents 50c; hours 1 to 9. 545 Minna st.
RETURNED — Mme. Odell, card and teacup
1 read.; 25c-50c. satisfaction guar. 605 Jones.
ISMAR will return to San Francisco and be in
her office by Sunday. November 8.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth st. to 954 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
CLAIRVOYANT and spiritual life reading
dally. 25c up; hours ' 9-9. MME. EILERS-
FICKEN. 536 Turk st. \u25a0
MRS. KONOLD, 14S Sixth St.. circle to-ntght:
ladles' circle Wed., 2:30, 10c; also reliable
readings, 25c; consult me after trying others.
A— MRS J J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader: 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
X Mme. Maxwell, convincing messages Frld.;
names given 8 p.m.; read dly; 1264 Howard.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak St., spiritual med-
lum; consultation dally. _-
EARLE'S seance Sun., Wed.. 219 Eddy st.;
reading*. Hotel Hlgglns. O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY. '
A RETURNED. H. Jerome Fosselll. scientific
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter: tel.Black B6OS
cure: for rupture.'
DR. PIERCES Magnetic ' Elastic Truss; per-
fect retainer; positive cure; book free. Re-
moved to 206 Kearny St.. room 307. \u25a0
COLLECTION, OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
\u25a0 city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 8580.
CHIROPODISTS.
DR. EINFELDT. 1104 Market st.. room 15, re-
moves corns, bunions, by electricity; no pain.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES.
STEWART'S Lining, Pleating and ' Buttonhole
Factory of 110 Taylor st. . will remove to 14
and 16 Taylor st. about October 1.
MRS. ESTES. fashionable dressmaking. St.
Kathryn Hotel. 480 Ellis; tel.' East 1389.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Eve: class: patterns cut. 1100 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE Lyceum, an excellent preparatory
school for university, law and .medical 'col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students suc-
cessfully and we shall prepare - you; ' day,
evtniiiK session; references President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS.COL., 933 Market,
conducted by Robt. f. Gallagher, expert
'court -reporter, holds world's record -for short-
hand writing; successful himself, will make
you so; shorthand, typing, kookpg. Catalogue.
ALL who desire good positions should attend
this college; we have had 250 good places
since March 1. San -Francisco Business Col-
lego, 738 Mission et. . . . : :
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution . devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning tin America; positions >. guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Po6t St., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. -24 Post et.
Established IRC3; largest in the Weet;"annual
enrollment 1000; 'send .for circular..: :\u25a0:-.\u25a0 \u25a0• •
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec, mm., mech.;: nur-
• vey, auEay. cyanide; day, eve; est. 1864. r Van
dw N«»len School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING, both adult and children's • classes,
now open at Hlnman's School of Dancing," 1412
\u25a0 I'olk gt.. nr. California; phone East 2126. --\u25a0 \
TELEGRAPH students willing to pay Instruc-
tion in regular office. < Box 6162, Call office,"
Oakland. - ; ' . \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0•..• '-'•[\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0-.>: \u25a0
A— METROPOLITAN-Callfornla-Students Join-
ed. Buetne6B. Stenographic. 025 Golden Gate.
A special class preparatory to "teachers' exam-
lnations or State nor, fchls.' 333 Phelan bldg.
SPANlSH.French.etcProf.De Fllippe'sAcad*my
of languagfg.lOlS Post: est,lB7l;ablest profs. \
PIANO lessons 50 , cents ;Y evening, lessons.
Studio. S6O McAllister., r ; . ;^..
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION " Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st.—Nlght : classes'
"employment: o^ 101 - B*^^^.8 *^^^.
A— ORPHEUM Employment ~ Office— Japanw*
; and. Chinese help. \u25a0\u25a0; Removed -to i 305 Sutter
• \u25a0 st. ;: phone Main 6752. - . - : - '•-
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment" Office
, promptly, furnishes air kinds of reliable IWp
George Sakanye. 421 Post et.; . tel. ' Bush ISS-'
STAR Employment • Office— Reliable Japanese
and Chinese-help furnished with care. W.
.KADOTA,-40a Powell fit.; tel. Main 1751. .-.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese^ emp. ; office
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. KIODA.'4OS Post St.; tel. James 501.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese .help. Wm
. Y05HY.,415 Stockton -St.; tel. Bush 859.
AN old estab. (1850) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG'S, removed to 518 Plne;tel.Grant 150.
Finest Japanese help; housedeaning specialty;
Qeo. R. Kuniabe. 343 Maaon; tel. James 6251.
H. W. ( HONG. 1113 Clay st. ;l Chinese '«m ploy-
ment office; .best help. Tel. East .426.
CHINESE and Japanese help ; estab. 20 years.
Tel; Main 1997. BRADLEY - CO., 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furnleh-
ed; houaecleanlng. 708 Taylor: Jamea 7636.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED- FEMAL23.
AN Eastern girl wishes position to do general
housework or will do second work; is a neat
eewer.' Call or address 26 ' Lapldge St., off
18th, between Valencia and Guerrero.
A NEAT young girl desires a position In good
family to assist at housework during the
day; sleep home; 'wages from $15 to $20. Ap-
ply 2758 Greenwich at., near Baker.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer, would
like position In city; Is thoroughly competent;
wages $40. Address box 14, Mountain View,
Cal.., \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would .like position
as cook and do light housework; good refer-
ences; wages $25. Call , 40S McAllister «t.,
upstairs.-. '•;\u25a0'\u25a0..
YOUNG French girl, speaks little English, de-
sires, position of housework or second work;
is good seamstress; has references. Address
A. A., 327 Montgomery»av«. \u25a0\u25a0."'\u25a0-:.
SWEDISH girl, who is first-class cook, desires
a situation: will do light washing; good ref-
erences; $30 and up. - Call or address 625
Haight st. -\u0084.,>..\u25a0- ' . ' ,-\u25a0\u25a0!\u25a0"\u25a0
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation; gen-
eral housework; city or country; good cook,
washer and ironer; not afraid of work; no
postals. 167 Third St., roonl 6. .
RESPECTABLE, middle-aged woman wants
position to do cooking- and general house-
work in* American family. Apply 61 Colton
st... off Brady. \u25a0 - : -' '\u25a0• '
YOUNG lady stenographer desires position; is
experienced, but will start with small sal-
ary. , - Phone West . 85. \u25a0 ~ -
A YOUNG woman would Ilk* to do housekeep-
ing by the day or: laundry work. Phone
Waller 88. • ' . -
TWO competent girls would like work in same
home; one as cook and other as second girl.
Apply 284 Valencia st.
A COMPETENT seamstress wishes to do plain
sewing or mending by the day. Phone East
3536. " \u25a0 " ___
YOUNG girl is desirous of obtaining position to
do light housework. Apply 822 Valencia St.,
upstairs.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper or would
take care of invalid. Address or call 907
Folsom st. \u25a0 \u0084. \u25a0 . \u25a0 J —
A FIRST-CLASS cook desire* a position In an
American family; best of references. . Phone
Main 3428. _^
COMPETENT woman wants housework and
cooking In small family adults; state all
particulars. Box 1100. Call office. .
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like posi-
tion as housekeeper: country preferred. Ad-
dress MRS. H., 1926 Market st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do upstairs
work or place to learn cooking. 1309 Stock-
ton st. -
COMPETENT chambermaid desires position In
hotel. Call or address 1926 Market st.
A FIRST-CLASS ntier and designer of ladies'
dresses desires engagement. Phone East 9082.
GOOD practical nurse wants position. Call at
"Y. W. C. A.," 1259 O'Farrell st. .
A COMPETENT woman wants situation to do
general housework. Call 81 Van, Ness aye.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' . tailor. , shirt waist
suits, Jacket coat suits; up-to-date fits ;
only first-class work taken In; designer; sat-
isfaction guaranteed. MISS BARSS, 321
Franklin st. . \u25a0 ..'.' . \u0084. . ' \u25a0.'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . ~
MIDDLE-AGED and unlncumbered woman
with best of references as to character and
ability, is desirous of a position as caretaker
of home with children. ~ Box 3»15. Call.
POSITION as gentleman's housekeeper by !
competent lady of experience. . with a boy.
Address M. H.. 294 Valencia St., or apply in
person. " , \u25a0 •' \u25a0
A WELL educated young German lady wishes
a position as nursery governess or a* use-
ful companion to a lady; best of references. :
Address A. 8., 1105 Franklin st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, .by \u25a0 the day.
quick worker; suits and dresses. 305 LarKia
St.. box 33. \u25a0\u25a0•-\u25a0--
A NEAT Japanese girl wishes position to do
cooking and housework in family. Address
1225 Fulton »t. , . ~ ' '
POSITION by first-class nurse for children or
Infants; full charge: $40 per month; 10 years'
experience. Call at 904 O'Farrell «t.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeep-
ex; good mother to children: 'none but reliable :
parties need answer. ' Box 1214, Call.
WANTED — Work In a store or : plain sewing
by the day. 104 South Park. \u25a0
YOUNG srlrl for general housework; wages
$25; call or write. 411% Thirtieth St., near
Sanchez. . ,-\u25a0' \u25a0 / '•\u25a0 ' ' -. •':'---- *
DRESSMAKER wants situation; .will furnish
best references and diploma j from school.
Add.tsa MRS. T. 1.. 1504 Folsom st.
WOMAN wants position for plain cooking and
housework. Box 1010, , Call. > -.-.\u25a0'•
AN elderly American, woman wishes situation
as nurse. 907 Folsom st. . \u25a0 \u25a0
HOUSEWORK by neat, reliable 'woman; good
cook: email wash; wages $20. Box 3906, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED lady from East as nurse; city
or country. 16 Hampton place. • -
CLEAN Japanese girl desires position as a
plain cook and houseworker: wages $4 week.
Address MISS J. V., 539 Stevenson st. ' ;
YOUNG Japanese girl, who has a good Japan-
ese education, wishes 'position In flrst-clas*
family for upstairs work. 121 H_*ht St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTEO-'MALB.
ELECTRICAL worker; competent: would like
position with . electrical " company, ' or . with
large foundry where marine , work is re-
quired; is steady, sober . and reliable. . Ad-
dresa R.- PALMER. 1150 Turk; st.
WANTED— Position by young man having 5
years' , cxpeijence as a" steel and copper plats
engraver. Box 1233,' 1 Call. \u25a0:..'
YOUNG roan wants work of any kind In city
or country dace." HENRY HILLER,:. 1309
Stockton. '. \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'.'\u25a0 '\u25a0 . ' :} s - '\u25a0''-,
A FIRST-CLASS porter wishes position In bar-
nter shoo. .'Address- box 1259," Call or call
844 Mission «t. \u25a0 ' • * .
HANDY man -would Ulka ' steady work with
carpenter a 8a 8 helper. 80x '6165,* Call office,
Oakland. " • . • ,••
FIRST-CLASS : barber, age 26, married, wants
. steady .. position. < Box < 1253, Call office. . . - \u25a0
WANTED— Position by a bright, energetic boy
between 18 and-17 years- in oTflce or business
house: has had 'experience -and can furnlsn ,
besfof- references. /Box -1210. -Call.
RELIABLE man • with experience, wishes posi-
tion for care of. building or property; best of
references and bond If ' necssary. Address
box 1222.- Call of floe. ; , '"> ,- \u25a0 \-:
SITUATION wanted; gardener In all branches,
landscape, "greenhouses, etc. ; single,- middle- !
aged, sober; . best of. references; private or '
commercial place.' Box 8918,': Call office. : ;
AN ; expert' accountant .wants small act books
of firms or persons to keep evenings ; or Sun-
day; ' terms low; interview,- requested. .'Box
.'-4690/ Call office, f-: ,\u25a0;•»-..> ? - \u25a0-\u25a0•; -
RELIABLE, sober elderly man: wants position
•as \ watchman ;• • bonds \u25a0; If \u25a0*• necessary. , 2414
'\u25a0 Twenty-fourth st.,. near Vermont.' . V r
BARBER/ first .class, wants? job' for \u25a0.Wednes-
ilay, Saturday -5 and Sunday -morning. ' 02214
1 Mission.',: \".'."'< '\u25a0-\u25a0 _ 7 \u25a0....'\u25a0\u25a0 'r >..;•.•-
WANTED— Position - as steward « in I restaurant
.* or on; boat ; 10 years' in : Chicago;
\u25a0-. best references. Address ' box 1255, 'Ca11, tv
YOUNG v man, business college ' graduate,"' would
9 like position > In- wholesale house • or ; office ' aa
.'- bookkeeper or. assistant. . : 80x.1217,iCa11. V
WANTED— A. situation to*do: gardening,' take
;*; * care . of \u25a0 horses ; \u25a0 handle ; carpenter : tools ; . good
J driver. : H. B.,' 6l3, Montgomery; st." ' \u25a0:'\u25a0".-\u25a0 ' ..\u25a0
MAN,: 23 \u25a0: years,* wants employment- Ini store:
"work" up;- moderate" salary -to -begin; good
-character: and references. Call. '
-i' ;-\u25a0\u25a0:•\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0-.\u25a0-.--\u25a0.-. ,- - - \u25a0.-.-,\u25a0•.
EByLQYMEjyT ;WIOTE^MALE--Coa
CONSCIENTIOUS, efficient service— You'll get
it if we deal ; ' experienced ' in business,' office
. and country life in all their details, . mental
and manual; healthy, active,", good; habits,
good presence,. middle-aged: bond. Box 4640,
;: Call office. .\u25a0\u25a0:.-\u25a0:; . ". "::- \u0084 '\u25a0\u25a0 ".. ; . ' \u25a0"'•.. ", '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0."\u25a0
EXPERIENCED young man. with knowledge
of French, German, Italian. Spanish and
English, seeks position as salesman In de-
partment store or as clerk for office worn.
Box , 1320. Call. . -
MAN thoroughly acquainted with shoe, furnish-
ing and clothing business wishes re3ponfible
position; good \u25a0 ad writer; steady and soja
appearance; no objection to : going o-'t of
city. -Box 1306. Call. '"-..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :\u25a0.
STENOGRAPHER— Young man - desires port-
tlon; Remington '^operator; . good refernces;
can leave city If necessary. Box 1212. Call.
MACHINIST — Good all-round hand ; experienced
': on tools and dies, wants position; no ma-
cbine shop. Box 1009, Call office. .
TO Plumbers— A handy man wants to learn the
trade. Address 'letter to. Plumber, po*t-
. office, . Alameda. Cal. . .
A SOBER, reliable, middle-aged man desire*
a position as caretaker or watchman; r«fer-
- ences if desired. F. G., 8601 Army st.
BOOKKEEPER— Situation wanted by man ©I
83; good penman; thoroughly reliable; would
take good position aa clerk. Box 1308, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED I man who can do house," far-
den work, plain . cooking, etc.. wants altua-
tlon : references; wages $20. Box 1208. CalL
TWO steady, sober young waiters desire posr-
tlons In country hotel.; Box 1319, Call.
BUTLER and valet; thoroughly experienced;
excellent references.; Box 3SQ4, Call office.
MAN wants position as watchman; sober: well
recommended: city, country. 2 Lexington aye.
FIRST-CLASS j German barber would llxe
steady, position. Box- 1014, Call.
CHINESE. 'With best references, an excellent
and experienced family cook, wishes a posi-
tion In city or country.-. Call or. write to 721
Stookton Bt.; phone Montgomery 1656.
CHINESE, first-class family cook, desires po-
sition In private family." Address LOUIE,
847.i Clay st. .
CHINESE cook for general family work.- Ad-
dress A. HIM. care Sing Tai. 619 Jackson st.
CHINESE!/'' cook . wishes position hotel or
boarding-house.: 113 Clay st. M. TONG.
FIRST-class Chinese cook wants situation in
private family. AH HING. 1112 Stockton st.
JAPANESE, with references as excellent \u25a0•" pri-
vate family cook. French or Germany pastry,
any style cooking, wishes position; city or
country; high wages. . 612 Bush st.
JAPANESE 'cook wants position aa cook and
do housework; speaks English well. HENRY,
phone Montgomery \u25a0 691.
JAPANESE boy, gentle and honest, wishes po-
sition as a schoolboy at near address. -M 2
Devlsadero st. ; phone Page 2109.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese waiter ' wants -position
an family waiter. JAMES ONI. 1304 Post
St.; phone East 3724. "\u25a0 \u25a0 . - . \u25a0 .
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes position as
waiter or any kind of Job; speaks English
well. YAMA. 417 Jones St.; phone East 3615.
A HIGHLY educated Japanese wishes position
In store. 2002 Union st. \u25a0 - "\u25a0 -
EXCHANGE.
TWO sunny fiats. 5 and 6 rooms.' bath, large
closet; $20. 877 Shotwell st.
FLATS TO LET.
AAAA
Every desirable vacant dwelling Is listed In
our renting department. Combined lists from
25 of the largest agencies. Save a world of
time and trouble.
Service is absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. Welcome! • -. • \u25a0
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
1039 Market st.. opposite McAllister.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES,
FLATS, apartment and rooming-houses; our
renting department Is free to all; we can find
you a home In any part of the city; aik for
no payment other than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use this department freely; you are more
than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE C 0. ., 245-259 Geary
st. (on the aquare). " - • -
TO let— Lower flats; 89 and 43 Langton st..
near Seventh and Howard; .4 rooms, bath
and washtubs. • • • . , •'.\u25a0'\u25a0
Flats; 118 and lM^i Perry st., near Third;
\u25a0 6 rooms, bath and washtubs.
650 Jessie St.. 8 rooms. '
FINE modern flat. 7 sunny rooms, basement,
yard; reasonable to ,jooJ ier.;m:. VX'/I
O'FBrrell st. ' '-.- - -
LOWER flat; 6 modern sunny rooms and bath;
separate entrance: must be seen to be appre-
ciated. 317 Laurel St.: rent $27 50.
FOURTEENTH. 435. near Valencia— 6 Modern
sunny rooms; middle . flat. Apply 437 Four-
teenth st. ;
BRODERICK. 143. near Haight— Modern B-
room flat; marble steps, beam- ceilings, elec-
tric lights, etc.; owl cars: rent reasonable.
HAIGHT. 1061. nr. Baker— Sunny 8-r. flat; fac-
ing Buena Vista ay. and Pk. ; healthy location
HOWARD, 1150A — 4 rooms; cheap rent.
$17 — CORNER upper flat, 5 sunny rooms and
bath; tinted. 3336 Twenty-sixth st.,'nr. Capp.
MASONIC aye., 1227, near. Haljfht— New five-
room fiats; bath: rent reduced.
ELEGANT flat of 7 rooms; all latest improve-
ments. 715 Grove st.
A SUNNY, upper flat of 6 rooms, bath, nicely
i papered; reasonable: water free. 527 Hill
MODERN flat- 6 rooms. 2275 Geary St.: rent
:$2B. - \u25a0 " \u25a0'
BEAUTIFUL location; Hayes and Stanyan; G.
G. Park: 4 r. flats, $25; new; ready this wk.
. . —
$23— ELEGANT upper flat: 6 rooms.- bath,
garden. 2719 Pine st., near Devlsadero.
PERRY. 254, near Fifth and Harrison— Four-
room flats, $12 month. - '
PLATS ITO LET — FURNISHED. .
|30 — THE finest furnished flat in the swellest
neighborhood: McAllister st., near Stelner.
For Information see D. W. CARMICHAEL
CO., 282 Montgomery st.
BRODERICK, 648 — Elegantly furnished flat of
6 rooms and bath ; open for Inspection from
1 until 4.; references. . \
ELEGANT, sunny, middle flat, 10 rooms and
bath. 878 Eddy, st., near Van Ness.
$16 50 — Sunny, cor. flat; poreclaln bath, tubs.
Cor.:. 20th and Douglass; take "Castro car.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A— PHONE South 1015; it will pay you to send
for me before you sell your furniture, car-
pets. piano, etc. M. QALLICK. 201 Larkln.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
et., bet. -9th and 10th, paying big money for
furniture, etc. Phone South \~0? '\u25a0,
CALL up East 2388, A. L.; Storrs, -682 Ellis j
:. St. : cash paid for your furniture, carpets, etc.
Alfred Wollpert, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462. j
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc.
HENRY MAYER pays hlehest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc^7S2Mls3lon^teUßjishJJl£^
Z ABE LEVY, 1135 Market st., phone Jessie
.'761. pay* cash and buys evenfthlng.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed storage^pi-
anoa and fur. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Mkt.
FLORIST GARDEN. - '
TO LEASE: — «. acres rich soil; -plenty water;
near Mission »t. . Owner.- 636 Clay, St., r. 1.
. HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
SEWING machine operators on shirts:, clean,
light factory ",' steady work; inexperienced
young women taught and* paid ; while ' learn-
ing LEVI : STRAUSS & CO.. 1873 Mission
; .et.V : bet;; 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
\ALLS- NO \u25a0 EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
GOOD' H PAY: ,: STEADY WORK. *"\u25a0 LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT ST. MR.
, -DAVIS.:;: "-'\u25a0-\u25a0. \u25a0'.. •-\u25a0:\u25a0;-••\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0 '"-, '- : . '•'\u25a0•'•:'\u25a0 -\u25a0.-"
WANTED— An ambitious i woman \u25a0 of character
and pleasing, address to fill an advanced po-
sition wltha' large commercial house. Box
ir, 1234. .Call offlce.U- •'.:\u25a0\u25a0
WANTED— Young women -to j learn telephone
; operating; salary while learning: references
.required. Apply, after 9;a..— ... 216,Bush;st-,
\u25a0"ithlrrt floor.-.- I .'--'-'.: \u25a0:.\u25a0-:.'."\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0• : - : '~- -'~ : -' •'\u25a0-'-•"•••\u25a0\u25a0'-""-•' \u25a0 \u25a0 .
OPERATORS '. on * cloaks ; wanted at " M. SIMI-
\u25a0 yOFF'B,>I22B Market: st. . . j
WANTED^-Alteratlon'; hands on ;skirt> 1
, ; ; and '<\u25a0 coats. .' CAILLEAU'S.. 114 r Kearny : st.
YOUNG; woman to help- In store. "Box "1226,
.Call office.;; / _ . , . \u25a0 |
HELP WANTED— FEMALE — Conttnoed
COOK fbr orphanage .V..... * 3 2
; Cook. 15 adults 530
6 cooks. German famllle* "\u2666 3O -'f^
! 2 parlormaids, city • f3Of 30
3 second girls .$2O. $25
Chamberwork, private family \u2666-'
2 nursesirls $20. $2»
Restaurant waitress $8 week
Restaurant cook $10 a week
Butler, city J5O
Pastry cook, small restaurant..,. ?lo a week
2 chambermaids watt one meal $25
Man and wife, as porter and chambermaid.
hotel, .-. $^5
2 launflresses. private families $3O
Housework In Napa. see lady here........ 525
Chambermaid, waiting, country $25
Waitress for an institution ..$25
Maid and seamstress : $25
100 girls for general housswork. city and
country. $20. $23. $30. Call to-day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A— CENT. CAL EMP. CO.. 388 O'Far»ell st.
Male and Female Help — Phone Main 342».
Nurs«; professional, elderly lady $10
Companion or attendant, elderly lady $35
Infant's nurse ....: $30
Kindergarten . teacher. Institution ...$25
French or German governess, understanding
music ..." $30
.Housekeeper. 2 gentlemen, fruit ranch... s23
1 Housekeeper. Nevada, lady her* $20
Infant's nurse Alaxneda ........... .....$23
2 ladies' maids, ladles In hotels $30
Girl answer phone, wholesale house.. s23-130
2 parlor maids and waitresses 930
8 German second girls; one Oakland $25
Matron 80 girls. Institution £23
Night nurse, sick children's ward. 1c5t1..525
Cook, mining camp $33
6 cooks, German and Jewish families.. s33-$4O
Cockr. small family ...$23
30 girls, housework, city and country..s2s-$3O
GIRLS to learn hatrdresaing, manicuring, mas-
sage, etc, from A to Z, In 1 month tor $8 to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evening
class. .234 Post St.. room 17, second floor.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery for fall; 3
seasons from start to finish In 1 mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
now for fall positions. 234 Post, r. 1& 2d flr.
LEARN halrdressing, facial massage, manlcur-
ing.scalp treatment, hair work.removal super-
fluous hair- day. eve. classes; positions wait-
lng;slo week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3. 2d floor.
WANTED — Young girls to work In knitting
mill: good wages GANTNER & MATTERN
CO.. 607 Grova wt. \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0
NEAT German girt wanted to do general
housework and plain cooking for 8 grown
people. Sl6 Guerrero at."
A YOUNG lady wanted as salesgirl at coun-
ter of first-class bakery: wages $23 per
month and board. Call rm 318 Ja«. Flood bldg
WANTED— Alteration hands for coats; *ul_
and skirts. R. D. DAVIS Jk CO.
YOUNG girl to assist with light house— ork.
1212 Railroad aye.. South San Francisco.
WANTED — X competent Infant's nurse. Apply
1054 Post »t. . . • \u25a0
YOUNG Klrl to do plain cooking and down-
stairs work, 3775 25th St.. near Dolores.
GIRL for bazaar store; experienced one pr«-
f'rred. ROOTS. Sixth and Howard sts.
AT the Christian Home office — 2 cooks wanted.
1002 Larkln st. 1 \u25a0
WOMEN to learn halrdressing. manicuring and
massaging; only takes four weeks: special
terms to next 10 students: evening class from
7 to 9. Moler System College, 405 Powell st.
FIRST-CLASS waist and coat hands. 1200
Geary st.
BARBERS— Employment and Supplies.
BARBER wants Job for Wednesday and
Eaturday evening from 6:SO and Sunday
morning. Call or phone Main 3458. Mer-
chants' Exchange barbershop. L PETERS.
BARBER shop; one of handsomest 9-chalr
shops and baths across the bay; owner about
to retire; can be bought on favorable terms.
STOLTZ. 713 Market St.
BARBER shops wanted; all those that can
bear close investigation as to their merits
may apply to D. BTOLTZ. 723 Market St.
FOR sale — 2-chalr hotel barber shop; good fur-
niture; good location; cheap rent; $200 cash.
2019 Folsom st. -\u25a0\u25a0;.-"\u25a0---?'
9-CHAIR shop; good trade; long lease;, dirt
cheap if void by the Ist; called East by sick-
ness. 5 Sixth st.
BARBER — Young man, 1 year's experience,
wants Dosition. "Address W. T. CROWIB. 5
Hampshire «t. * •• '
A BARBER . Saturday and Sunday. 764%
Howard, st. • .
A GOOD barber wanted for Saturday. 623
Clay.. • • . '
FIRST-CLASS barber for Wed. eve.. Bat. and
Sun. 4297 24th St.; take West 22d-st. car.
FIRST-CLASS barbers for Sacramento. Apply
at 11 Grant aye. :
BARBER wanted to cpen a furnished shop at
411 Spear et.
2-CHAIR barber shop, old stand: cheap; 4 Hv .
. rooms: good location. 1913 Hyde, nr. Green.
FOR sale — Barber shop, three chairs." living
rooms; rent $12. 1153 Howard.. . •.-.-
BARBER shop, 2 chairs; living rooms tn back.
757% Brannan st.. near Seventh. -V: '
A BARBER shop; 1 chair; a snap. Apply
3182 Twenty-second st.
WANTS to buy 3 to 5 chair barber shop. Box
1243. Call.
BARBERS — $400 will take possession of fins
4-chalr shop: good trade. Boot 1321, Call.
GOOD barber shop for sale; cheap. 224 East
at.: near TransDort dock.
FOR sale — Barber shop In club building: good
business; 8 clubs In building. 925 G. G. aye.
BARBER shop downtown; 4 chairs, running
lease. STOLTZ. 723 Market st. .
$300 — 3-CH AIR barber shop for sale;, choice
loca.: sacrifice. Coleman. 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
HELP WANTED-MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S .429 Bush Bt.
Coffer dam man, Idaho, party here;
. .' ". $4 and $6 day
' FREE FARE— SISKIYOU CO.
Calif . & Northwestern 8y. .... Ship to-night
Teamsters, $2.25... Free .fare
Free Fare Nevada to-day
S. P.- company work ..No discount
Laborers, $2.00 .........Beard only $4.30
Cheap fare... ".Fare refunded.... Cheap fare
Open cut work South
" Drillers.- $2.25 ....Ship to-d_y
Station men and men with teams to take
contracts; new R. R. wore; boss here.
Head dishwasher and crew..... 540, $35. $30
Kitchen . hands - $30 sllverman $30, pantry-
- men $30. J
Kitchen hand camp, near city $30 found
Cook. . boarding house, city ...$5O found
Lunch cook, saloon, city..... $10 week
Butcher, country . . \u25a0 $30 found
Young , man, make himself useful and drive
surrey, country hotel. $15 found; free far*.
Bookkeeper, used to lumper . business, $2.30
day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush St.
AT HORD & SMITH'S ~
\u25a0 : Employment Office. , - .
628 Clay St. * Telephone Main 8321
Laboren f, free ; fare. Nevada, to-day.
Teamsters, free fare. Slsklyou county.
Laborers, free fare. -30 miles out. -"'\u25a0-\u25a0 .
Drillers fare $1 25 and fare refunded.
Laborers and teamsters, fare $1 50 only, to
Santp. Cruz:;R." R. and factory work.
House carpenters, R. R. company, $3 30.
House carpenter*. $3 50. company work.
Granite cutters, $4 50, 8 hours. South.
4 MINERS for. South America, fare advanced;
20 . teamsters. .$2 23 day ; 15 laborers. $3 40
day, fare refunded: farmers. $25 and found:
man about place. ?30 and found : carpenter.
$4 day; and others, J. F. CROSETT _ CO..
62S \u25a0 Sacramento st. •;
VALET. \u25a0 $50 .'and found: restaurant, second
cook. $16 week; lunch c00k.,510 week; saloon
porter,'. $9 ..week; dishwashers; porter and
choreman. country hotel. $30 and found; and
others; J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento St.. . ;
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
C 42 COMMERCIAL ST. - PHONE BUSH 883.
LEVERMAN— Ditcher. $70: found.
BLACKSMITH— GoId dredger. $106.
BLACKSMlTH— Machine. work. $90 found.
2 MACHINE «MEN, S'hours, tunnel. $90.
20 : laborers, .unload cars, for RAIROAD
Co.'s own work.'- board where iyou like. $60.
FREE -FARE — Near OREGON — Also SHAS-
, TA, SI3KIYOU "and ALAMEDA— Laborers —
\u25a0Teamsters., -\u25a0-:' - : ' .
ANDRE'S OFFICE." 317 Stockton St.— Gar-
dener.: $35:' butler. $45; baker and help In
' kitchen. . country hotel. " 535 to $40: oyster-
,roan. first-class place. $2 a day; waiter,
country restaurant. $30 and found, etc.
A NUMBER of energetic, well educated young
business —en. .. who • have had experience
•'" writing . Insurance. •to engage In - business
\u25a0 where euch training Is* valuable: no capital
required. .Box 1C91.. Ca11.; • ,
GOOD : carriage \ trimmer 'on general, work.
" STUDEBAKER BROS , CO.. Tenth and Mar-
\u25a0-, ket;gta.'- \u25a0-/"'\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0.".".'.': .-'' \u25a0'-\u25a0'\u25a0 -.'•'\u25a0\u25a0••
WANTED— Bright.* Intelligent young man, with
good appearance; outside work. Box 1241,
Call. .
HELP WANTED — M ALE — Continued.
A— MURRAT & EEADY. 634-638 Clay st.
Phono Main SS4S.
Our Own Printing
Plant Issues our free list of positions fcur
times dally — 7 A. M.. 10 A. ML.
1 P. M., 4 P. M.
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREOA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO—
- SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & HEADY. «34-636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Phon* Main 3S4S.
THE RIGHT OF MAX TO LIVE; THB
RIGHT OF MAX TO WORK.
We gave In 19O* 190S we hope to
64.000 men work. Incre as* 64..000.
ARIZONA.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
HALF-RATE FARE.
25 Laborers; 560.
Steady Job — » years.
ARIZONA— Are You Going to— ARIZONA?
LOOK— CARPENTERS.
23 carpenters, bridge work. $ICS.
FOREMAN RIGGER.
Foreman rigger, good wages.
ENGINEERS.
3 double drum hoist engineer*. $£MX
ARIZONA. ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
MURRAT - READY. 634-636 Clay st.
THESE ARE ALL SPECIALS.
Butcher, shop, wagon, slaughter, far* $3,
$33 found.
LOOK.
Boy, work In Dilating office, $1 day.
Driver, milk waxon, fare 23c.. $— • found.
MURRAY - READY. 634-636 Clay at.
CAST YOUR
;;;,"•." _T_ OU THI*
ONB THOUSAND MEN
1000 MEX
ON_ THOUSAND MEN
FOR THB
NETV RAILROAD.
810 WAGES.
8 YEARS' WORK.
SOUTH.
ARE YOU GOING SOUTH?
DRILLERS. HAMMERMEX.
ROCKMEN, ETC.
$73 MONTH.
LABORERS AND MUCKERS.
$67 60 MONTH.
2 TOOL SHARPENERS. $90.
BOARD, ETC.. $20 MONTH,
ALL OPEN CUT WORK.
GOOD 3 SOLD FROM
COMMISSARY AT COST.
SPECIAL R. R. FARE.
%2 AQ
BEAUTIFUL SOUTHERN
CLIMATE: NO LOST
OFFICE FEE $_
ill- KHaY <k RL A DT|
634-638 Clay *.
LOS ANGELES. $3 FAREX
CATALINA ISLAND. $5 FABJO.
NEWPORT BEACH. $3 FAR".
SANTA MONICA. $3 FAB-L
PASADENA. $3 FARE.
LONG ISLAND. $5 FARBL
POMONA, $3 FARE.
BEAUTIFUL REDLAND3. $3 FARE.
Where the Orange and Lemon, grow an 4
Flowers bloom, t_» year round. a_i mam
can
WORK EVERY DAT DT
THE LAND OF SUNSHINE
NOW— NOW— NOW.
83 two-horse teamsters. $87 50. •
65 laborers. $37 30.
65 hammermen and drillers, $73.
S3 muckers. $87 60.
And hundreds of other poaltloaa. 839
WAGES.
GREAT CROWD GODfO. AJUB TOU?_
MURRAT & READT. *f
834-638 CLAY ST. . "
OREGON— FREE FARS.
63 COAL MINERS.
$1 TON— XKE YOU GOIXO?
COAL MINERS.
MEXICO. MEXICO.
230 Coal Miners.
MURRAY - READY. 634-638 Clay «C
TO SAWMILLS,, WOODS.
63 LABORERS. $67 50.
FARE $3.
Heal estate and development syndicate ; £re*
fare.
23 laborers, you'll suit, office fee $1, $80.
63 TIEMAKERS— €__ US.
MILLMEN AND AiIALGAMATORS. $90.
FREE FARE.
QUARRIES AND TUNOIELS.
. 23 laborers, no experience^ ship to— lay, 11 :30 \u25a0
a. _l. $60.
18 drillers, ship to-day. 11:30 _ x_. $87 60.
IS header men. ship to-day. 10 a. _.. S and
5 p. re, $S7 50.
12 laborers, big new quarry. $67 80.
15 laborer* around steam shovel. $67 SO.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
865 laborers and teamsters, different Job*,
some In San Francisco. $2, $2 23, $2 '30 day.
Come see us.
FARMS, ORCHARDS. ETC.
General ranch hands. $30. $35. 140 found.
CHORE MEN AXD BOY 3.
Men and boys for chorea. $13, $20, $23. $30
and found.
DAXRTMEX.
Milkers, butter and cheesa maker*. $30. $33.
$40 and found.
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND "WOODS.
833 laborers, fare paid, you'll suit. $33. $40.
$45 and found.
STABLEMEN.
Stablemen, different Jobs, $33 and found to
$60, $75.
18 boys for different trades, $4. $3. $8 w ««_,
333 LABORERS. ISO.
BUILD NEW RAILROAD.
FREE FARE. 1
GREAT LUMBER COMPANT. 1 I
23 laborers, northeast. 537 50. : \u25a0*£
B2 laborers, grade rallro— 3, X. E.. $87 301
MURRAY ft READY. 634-638 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC. '
Cooka. different places, $90, $73, $30. $44 and
found.
Walters, different places. $43. $40, $30, $23
found.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAKERS.
30 waitars. different places $33. $30, $23, $20
and found.
LAUNDRYMEN— BELLBOYS.
Laundrymen, all classes $3. $2 SO, $2 day.
Bell and elevator boys, dlSeren t Jobs.
BUTCHERS AND BAKERS.
Butcher, slaughter-house work. $10 found.
Bakers' helpers, $73, $60, $30. $45. $33. $30,
$25 and found.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, shop and wagon, fare $1 80, $33 fd.
Boy. cut meat, city market. $30 found.
6 BOOTBLACKS. $8 30 WEEK.
Middle-aged man. institution $30 fd.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay it.
- MECHANICAL.
Lampmaker, city factory piece work.
2 ROOF PAINTERS, CITY. $2 30 DAT.
Camp blacksmith, fare $3. $45 found. -. . '
Belt man. factory. $3 day. '
Tenoner hand city. $2 50 day. .
8 CABINET-MAKERS.
Blacksmith. Iron foundry. $3 30 day. '
4 lathers, city Jobs. $2 23 M.
8 yvung men or boys, learn sash - and door
trade, $1 23 day.
2 water rubber* and polish furniture, city, $3
day. .
4, upholsterers, fare 20c. $3 and $2 day.
Lime burner, fare $1. $2 SO to $3 day.
8 PLUMBERS. $4 DAY.
3 cabinet-makers; 6 blanket weavers.
! Machine hand, ripsaw, $2 25 day. - .
3 (ticker hands, mill. $3 SO day.
Machine sticker hands, $3 day. -
CARRJAGB PAINTER. $3 DAT. ii
Brush hands, varnishing $2 to $3 day. '^
2 tinsmiths, city work. $2 to $3 day.
Furniture •— d cabinet maker, city, $2 30 day.
FREE FARE.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
12 rough carpenters, large lumber co.. $90.
1(T carpenters, plain house and shed and ton
•nd other work; corporation dotng their owa
work: fare $1 30; steady Job: $103 month.
12 carpenters, special new Job. constructlo-w
bujjkhouses. trestles, etc.. fare $1 23. $103
month.
% 8 rough carpenters, city Job. $90.
Rough carpenter, far* 10c. steady Job $73 fd.
Carpenter, run Job. concrete bridge, far* 300
$4 day.
15 carpenters, build clubhouse 11 day.
. i ; CARPENTERS. '
25 carpenters, house work, fare $1, stea.iy
Job. $3 SO day.
12 carpenters, special Jobs, special fare $2.
$3 50 day.
15 CALKERS. WOOD SHIPS. $3 DAT.
15 CALKERS FREE FARE.
- MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay *t.
4 MEN and wives/ranches $40 to $60 found.
MURRAT & READY. ft 34-638 Clay st. _
FREE- FARE— ALAMEDA COUNTT. -•
23 drillers, open-cut work $67 30.
25 ' laborers, open-cut work. $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay •*.
SANTA CRUZ.
25 laborers, lumber co.. steady job. $33 fd n» '
MURRAY — READY. 634-638 Clay st.
12 RANCH teamsters," $32 50 and found.
9 teamsters, factory." $87 30.
MURRAY & READY. 834-638 Clay st.
~ " FREE FARE. ~ : \
SHASTA. SHASTA and SISK~IYOU.
23 teamster*. R. R. work, ship to-nisnt.
$67 30.
MURRAY A READY. 634- «38 day »U \u25a0
SOUTH— FARE $3— SPECIAL— SOUTH. ~"
\u25a023 \u25a0 laborers. -. lumber company, steady Job,
$60. - ' . - . :.yj
MURRAY- & READY. 634-638 Clxy »t.^jf
.. .GOLD QUARTZ MINE. - T^^
- 35 ' single and double hand miners, $30 found.
: 20 miners and muckers. -different other Job*.
$82 50. $90. •
; MURRAY &\u25a0 READY. 63+-«3* C_jr *.LAZY HABIT. GET A JOB THROUGH THE WANT ADS
' ... H J^J|^VANTi;»—M A 1X — Continued.
_ • • FREE FARK.
rinnrr, galvanized t-beei iron. $3 day.
Hiackreiith. «-xj.eriene«,c. :aro *1. $2 50 daj.
a*et*j j«DlUher, c.ty. $1 GO to ?2 day
•» roor t eltners. city Job, $;» so day.
. D , , LOOK.
Biarkymith's helper, tack <m shots. $1 60
.day found.
. : - LOOK.
;« bor< ' rs - «-'Ut wood, brush; ranch, fare $1.
J $26 Toyrtid.
COMMISSARY MAN. ETC.
l-Aundry helj-er. rauntr) institution, f",O fd.
n MARRIED.
cook and wife, institution. b<-.»*s here. $tfo id.
Man handle hay on ranch, far*- $1 2.V $^<i M.
aiaughrer-housr butcher, fare $1. ?30 to $35
found. -
_ BARTENDER.
.. German bar-under, K»c lare. $25 to $30 fd.
ENGINEERS, ETC.
Engineer, run gasoline engine, stamp mill at
! ". ' mine.
12 BhingU -packers, bos* here. 10c M.
FREE PARE.
- ror-pman pile driver, building ooffer dams,
» *\u2666 day.
MITiRAY & READY. «34-<k!S c!hv st.
BUTCH EX. nip Fhop and slaughter, fare
$1. $25 found.
Young man. drive light city wagon, $25 to
\u26663C lound.
COOK AND COOKS.
fchort-order cook, south, fare paid. $rrf> fd.
i Cook, $«J0: hHr«-r. *.">') ti.', lun;ber hotel,
' faxe 54.
CARPENTERS. ENGINEERS.
0 carpenterf. fare 4<V, 8 hours. $4 day.
, 4 <-«rpenter!«. Shasta Co.. free fare, $90.
Gasoline engineer. bo*=B here. $75.
Blacksmith and harnese-msker, ranch, $75.
PLI-MBKRS.
, Plumber, fare i.V-. $4 day.
Hluniber «no tinsmith, not far awa>. $3 50
A da J-
^_ MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Pay ft.
• CARPENTERS, large mine co.. fare $1.
.• $3 25 day.
2 la.hen,. fare 7.V. $2 25 per M.
Orade- foreman, fsre 2<V. $3 -flay.
FARE PAID- SCUTH AMERICA.
4 hard ro**k m:nen<, South America.
BIILD LARGE FACTORY.
25 laborer* anybody can do it. $<>0.
LOOK -PRINTERS. ETC.
Prim*r. country *hop. $40 apd found.
Cock, inf-tkuticr. not far sway. $.*>o found.
. Cook, pma'.l hotel, fare 4*V. $S<* found.
5 carrp coks, $55 an<l found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARIZONA— GOVERNMENT WORK.
FARE AND OFFICE FEE $12 40.
R55 teamster*. $*50 to $b"7 50.
MI'RRAY & READY, 634 -€3« O.ay rt.
A— 'PACIFIC Contrectors' Emp. Age!i?y. Inc.
6T.5 Washington st. Phone James 3JJOI.
FREE FARE— NEW WORK.
Ship to-nigi-t. SiFkivou </0.. RR. men. $67 50.
NEAR OREGOX.
FREE FAKE.
T««rr.Fters. $2 25. 12 months' Job.
MINE.I— BOSS HERE.
JO laborers, south. $60. steady job. brd. $IS.
S miners, Napa Co.. $75, T>oard SIS.
i Miners. Oregon. $2 and found. Al place.
FREE FARE BOTH WAYS.
2 <~aT*-nter», build depots, etc.. 3 months'
w^-rk. sio". briss here; l'j carpenter*, near
city, steady work, $3 f<o and overtime; 30
trackmrn. year's work, $2 25; *«cond log
i<-~i. .. t.:i--l. >1 «*• lare, $oi> id.: spooltender,
$j bit fare, $55 fd. : boy*, box factory: 60 boy*,
y?arn traie. $1 50; band sawyrr and woo<l
- Turner. J3 box factory: woodsmen. $"o:
exrr.en, $Gf>: swamper?. $60; laborer?, mill
and yards. $H7 50; drillers and laborers, south. I
fB.r» refurded, $»rr ")O; 60 <juarry laborers,
boss her*>, $G«. fare 10ft; Santa Cruz, by rail
and boat, laborers. $<V>: 2 murker*, north,
how. here, $75. go.d quartz; ranch 1 *fis. $30,
bo«s here. Pac. Contract'!**' Emp. Ajr'ncy. In;\
V.- ANTED for U. 6. army — Able-bodied, un-
Ut -a.rried men. between eces of 21 and o5;
Tit:zens of United States, cf good character
and tprcr>ertte habits, who can speak, read
tt.:<.i write English. Fcr information apply
*V--:uiT!rr Officer, 204 RiaUo building.
New Montgomery Pt. . San Francisco. Cal.
I- 'lit.-'i '-CLASS Jeweby engraver; permanent
city position: state references and {.alary.
. Box 1235. Call.
yiR.PT-CL.ASS -Jewelry salesman; city: steady
• position: elate references and ealary. Box
It3j>. Call.
•GOOD, etrong boy. $1 a day; paper box <ie-
l-artint'nt. Mutual L. & L. Co.. Second and
I!r> ant sts.. Bryant-st. entrance.
FIRFT-CLAfS bcilerrr.aker, with good refer-
ences. Box 131R, Call.
TVANTED — First-.. Ihss quartz miner; steady
position; Trust furnieh ref. Box 1317. Call.
BRIGHT younjr man wanted. Call at LOUIS
ROESCH CO.. S*-5 Sanseme st.
PRESS feeder. THOS. J. I>KJNAN. 3 Hardle
•(.'.•\u25a0\u25a0.c**. between gutter ar.d Buth sts.
BLACKSMITH"? helper. 2220 Fo-scm st.
"BOOTDLACK iranted. 2^5 Sx-ott st.. near
Height ; good wages.
ASSISTANT s!:ir; ing cl;rk. familiar with
sundries. Address P. O. box .r.5.">.. r .5.">.
V.'AGON boy warned. Apply betweta :• ana
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman.
Aj'f-iy between 'J tnd 11 a. m. at HALE.
BrtO_S.'
TVANTED — 15 laborers to work on new waron
roao being built by California Powder Works;
ch^ok »htn quit or cischiirged; no discount.
Apply E. 11. CARR. Pinole.
MECHANICAL draftsman wanted; must be A
1 man; technical graduate preferred: state
u- 1 particular* of education and experience,
••^jox 1221. Call.
MEN learn the barber trade 5n 8 weeks; tui-
tion earned while learning: situs.tions guar-
a nteed- only up-to-date colleges in America.
HOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. C 44 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor. ha»
«!<2ed 100 new rocms to the Denver House.
217 Third rt. : 250 rooms. 25c to 50c per night.
WANTiBC> — Men to learn barber trade; new
method: tuition earned while learning; posi-
tion guaranteed after 8 weeks. GILLMAN'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 627 Clay st.
PPSPFCTABLE Japanese schoolboy for house-
work; experienced. 892 Fulton st.. near Fill-
niore^ _______^___________
CITY ager.t wanted for lerge flre Insurance
roicrar.y; roust be well acquainted and cm-
nected In San Francisco. P. O. box 2C94.
AN elderly gentleman to take orders and at-
tend the telephone; $15 per month. Box 1255.
" Call office.
YOUNG man famllfar with machine shop of-
fice work; hockkeeping and stenography. Box
1215. Call office.
6AI ESMAN De Lux Books, for high-class
proposition- experienced, responsible. Nation-
al Alumni. 228 Parrott bldg.. bet. 9-11 a. m.
WANTED — Installment collector for merchan-
tliee accounts; good salary and expenses. Ad-
dresa Manager. P. O. Box 1027. Phiiad'a. Pa.
XTATTED — a brass finisher an-1 lathe hand.
Apply *t once to JOHNSON-JEFFREY CO..
460 Sixth tt.. Oakland.
ITKV and women to learn the barber trartj;
special oSer to next five; new method. San
Francisco College. 741 A Howard st. \u25a0
WANTED — Men to fin 300 rooms at 20c per
k-ight- clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light In every room. CSI Howard, nr. 3d.
•WANTED — Experienced pants pressers. Apply
8. N. WOOD & CO.. 49 Geary »t-
YOUNG man of inlellicence to take up good
paling business. CO4 Montgomery, room 204.
WANTED — Young man to drive wagon for
grocery wtore. 300 Devifiadero rt.
W>NTED — Boys to learn upholstering: paid
while learning. Apply 718 Mission ft.
vrv to learn a good trade; good pay while
1 earn! ng; must furalt-h $10 necur. 310 Folsom.
EXPERIENCED wrapper at JOE ROSEN-
BERG' B.Bl6Market. -
BOYS wanted: steady position. JOE ROSEN-
BERG S. fr!6 Market et. *_
WANTED— Fir*t-clas* j;«-s;y+r en lad'.*s' coat*
end.fkirts. CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny.
OPETtATORS on cloaks wanted at M. SIM-
IXOFF'E. 1228 Market st.
X FIP^T-CUSS carriage woodworker; steady
work. IV'i Fclscm et.
*A FIPST-CLASS carriafe trimmer &i a. flay
• and t-'teady work. 15»4 Folsom it.
WANTED—" l&borers. pirk and shovel. Four-
teenth »rd* N "ts. South. •
DFTtXTIVKS to ieam «)<- business; money- j
m*% " iil- letmlng. iio4 Montgomer?-. r. I'M, j
frAl. •>"..- »rd ordinary »eamen for. all part, of
* h V »-»-rM Bt HERMANS. '-'7 gteuart »t.
IOCOU ..OKKINGMEN to buy our genuine
army *bo*«: all inspected. ICS Third st.
- BAILORS end ycung men <green bands) for
thlp> HALLBERT M 7 Jackson »t.
PENSION nity-. E. A. BullU. r.40. Pbelwi W4.
Pa ft «-om. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
LABOR £eb»« collected; *ult«. attachments.
~L«w and Adjustment Co.. 48 23 st- rm. 522.
ra'TtL wants ISW men to buy inspected
\ KJCoxemnient shoes at 631 Sacramecto »t
•^\'CHESTER Hotel. 44 Third A., nr. Mar-
jtet— 7oo room*: 35c night; reading-room* ,
\u2666re* bus and baggage to and from ferry.
/r>\TRTISEMEXTS «üb«criptlon» received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church at* J
HORSES AND WAGONS.
SECOND-HAND jianel top wagon: Victoria;
rubber tire ccupe: Tconiey read cart: leather
top csrrlape and phaetcn: cheaj) at 500 Gold-
en Gate aye. ; &;go 2 t-ets 2d hand harness.
A— FOR rale— 4ll Sixth St.. 7 central purpose
horres: must be soM to s»ttle an estate.
A— ls HEAD of horses; all sizes, colors, from
$L'o. "7 Crcke ft., off Mission, nr. China aye.
GOOD second-hand wagons of all kimls cheap
j>.t 1O:» Go!dVn Gate aye.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagon? and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m.. 327 Sixth at.
GOOD business and wagon horses for sale
cheap. J. TOM KIN SON CO.. 75 Minna St.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgmy.
CLAY st.. 2737. near Pierce— Elegant resi-
dence, s ruoms and bath; opposite Alta
Plar.a; all modern conveniences: fix to suit
tenant.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
COMPLKTELT furnished 10-room house; fine
location, to lease for one year: reasonable.
For particulars address GCS. HARRIS. 1423
Sansome Ft.
OAK. 419— Elegantly furni?hed house. 10 sunny-
rooms. 2 baths, piano, garden, yard.
HOUSES TO LET — MILL VALLEY.
BDKNT villa, furnished : 7 rooms, bath. C.
I TOOHET. Jet V., or 31Z Montgomery st.
| ========================
_s°J2^£s?_J o _Jb5 T :
COTTAGE. 5 rooms, m-ftory and basement:
Misflon-st. cars to Crescent aye.. on to first
street to rleht; $11.
HOUSE-CLEANING.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Office— All kinds
help. 1911 Flllmore St.; phone West 255.
HOTELS.
HOTEL St. NiehoTasT Market. Larkln. Hayes
sts.— Heart of S. F. : modern: American and
European plans; electric lights and phone
In rrtry room; hot and cold water; quiet.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturer of the
Earces tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt; tel. Park 775.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — 525 reward, October 10. a large size
Irish terrier with a black collar; no Ques-
tions afked. Return to office of Hotel St.
Francis. '
IF nartv who took a eravenette from seat in
electric car at Napa Sunday morning will
return same to room 1038. James Flood build-
ing, will receive reward and save trouble.
LOST — Wednesday night between 11 and 1.
lady's small gold watch and pin, Talt's Cafe
to E'ldyst. oar, to Flllmore-st. car. north to
Green st.; reward. 2937 Flllmore st.
LOST — A pocketbock containing gold locket.
?<0 :n currency. $5 in gold, initials L. L. on
book, liberal reward. 1546 McAllister st.
LOST — Gordon Eftter, both ears black, brown
spots above right eye. pepper and salt color;
*5 reward. Address C. LOVIANO. Sausalito.
LOST — Sable and white Scotch collie; answert
to 'name of "Squire." Return to S3 De-
visadero St.; reward.
LGST — Tan purse, with initial F. on Eteamer
Tlburon, containing diamond and wedding
ding. Return 2426 Howard; liberal reward.
LOST — Locket, square. G. C. G. monogram,
picture lnjifie; suitable reward. 104 Sixth st.
LOST— Silver watch fob: monogram G. J. O.;
keepsake; suitable reward. 914 Broadway.
FOUND — A diamend brooch. Box 3920. Call.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILI. LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
«t.. for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office and Salesroom. 180 Beale et. i
Works and Yards, Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a brand new lot of pipe complete,
reidy for immediate delivery.
J-Jt-inch pipe $3 25 per hundred feet (new)
?i-inch pipe $3 95 per hundred feet (new)
1-lnch pipe .$5 70 per hundred feet" (new)
l^i-inch pipe .57 60 per hundred feet (new)
lVi-!nch pH*....SSOO per hundred Teet (new)
'2-inch pipe... $11 95 per hundred feet (new)
2S-in. ecrew pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 10c
3-in. ecrew pipe <2d hd>> ready for use. 12^c
S%-in. screw pipe (2d hd): ready for use, 15c
4-!n. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 19c
Send by check, money order or coin by W. F.
Express Co., with order.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office 130 Beale st.
Reference— Any bank, banker or publication.
2X>-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys. «ha:'tine. 'etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged : see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MACHY CO.. 1.30-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments: we rent tables
with privilege cf buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. €52 Mission St.. S. F.
A— BUYS, sellg and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 336 Main st.
MILES of pip> and fittings; all sizes; cheap.
EUGENE RILEY & SONS, office 408 Main
m.. ; warehouse, 109 Vallejo* at.
SHEFFIELD hollow-ground razors. 60c; selling
out our cutlery and stationery department.
feUNFET BAZAAR. 42 Third St.
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought.
t*old and exchanged: power plants In their
entirety bought. Western Mhy Co.. 230 Main.
A— GENTS' full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton sit., second floor.
FOR sale — Winchester repeating shotgun; In
splendid condition. Box 1310. Call office.
SEVERAL fine Martin guitars; bargains. H.
MULLER. 2 Latham place.
BEAUTIFUL gent's diamond ring, 2 carats.
$100. PAUL V. GARIN. 114 Sutter st.
MAGNIFICENT pearl and diamond cluster
ring $100. PAUL V. GARIN. 114 Sutter st.
DUCK club membershlo for sale; Sulsun
marshes. Box £000. Call office.
DESKS and office furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY, 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES — Printer, 611 Sansome» St.,
Sqii Francisco.
SOLID silver tea set. 5 pieces, at a bargain. 10
Sixth st.
TWO merry-go-rounds; one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI, SCS Kearny st.
HIGH grade second-band office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-27 Sacramento st
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargelns. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
BIISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
M. LEVY pays highest prices gents' cast-off
clothlng.shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington.
WE pay cash ladies' and gents' clothing. Til-
ton's Misfit Parlors. 154 9th; tel. Howard 1187
BUYS any amount of castoff clothing, etc.
MRS MORRIS, 934 Folsom; phone Jessie 446.
BAFE wanted — Give make, measurements,
\u25a0 weight, condition and price. Box 3858, Call!
DIAMONDS, etc., bought for cash. Karl Eber
r- Co.. 4<X)-4^l Adßir.s b'.dg.. 206 Kearny st.
MEDICAL.
DR G. \V. ODONNELL— LadIes, all who are
Fkk 'or in trouble, consult this specialist on
ltmals complaints: positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult cases :
treated: every case taken; immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of irregularity; consult
me: **ye time and money; advice free. Office
1018 Market St.; hours 9 a. m. till 9 p. m. .
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist ' for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS DR KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5, Sunday
10 to 2. -1005,4 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
DR. C. C. O*DONNELL — orflce and residence
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu- '
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DRS. GOODWINS' herb treatment: reliable,
safe, prompt for female irregularities; relluf
or no fee; $10; hrs. U-8. 650 Mkt. St.. eulte 37.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth «t..
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. - Phone East 607.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
IKE SAN;" FRANCISCO CALL. ;-^'^AV.' OCTOBER i! 7. IUUS.
Vt'-imCAt-i-Contlnoril.
WOMEN'S diseases and Irregularities cured In
24 hours: lit years' experience without -a 'fail-
ure: no tr'.flinz: strictly private: elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office. 1206 Market.
PR. ROSEN, residence 29»5 Folsom St., corner
Twenty-sixth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10. :
DR. HOWARD, ladies' specialist— Relief or.no
fee: $10: hours. 9 to 9. 9<V6 Market st.
MA T Jl™™XJ*lix o^^l^Jjwv-.-
GENTLEMAN with means, would like to make
the acquaintance of American or German
girl, IS to 35; object matrimony. Room 43,
first floor, Denver House; 217 Third St..
BUSINESS man wishes to meet lady, 25 to
SO. ot means; object matrimony. ; Box 1261.
Call office.
BIOXEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,.
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments. '
6ave expenses by dealing directly. *
Estate*-, eecond mortgages, undivided inter-
ests assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc.: legacies. life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased. - \u25a0
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY. "
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can
GET JUST ON HIS NOTE:
Mo. Semi-Mo. Week.
$50— Return to u5...... 513 35 or $6 65 or $3 35
20— Return to us 8 00 or 4 00 or 2 00
20 — Return to u5...... 635 or 265 or . 1 35
15— Return to us 400 or 2 00 or 100
Or any other cum and pay back in proportion.
STAR LOAN CO. of Wyoming.
Room 311. Mutual Savings Bank building.
~~ WILL LOAN T* '
reasonable amount on .
let. 2d or 3d
Mortgagee on real estat*
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest..
Give full particulars
• , of. property.
Location, ' ate.
Box 223, Call office.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton st., near Market.
. 2d floor.
Lo«n» made to salaried people without any
publicity or 'other Inconvenience on their
notes. Loans on real estate in probate; life
insurance policies, estates, second mort-
gages. assignments of rents, etc.
SALARY LOANS— \u25a0 ...» '
Money loaned *alaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 1
p«r cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Jolon.
878 Market et.. tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market st. and 27 Third St.
ANY amount, quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; I°^"'
rates; no commission; confidential. 50S-7
Donoboe bldg.. 8 Taylor St.. corner Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: «asy payments; large business In 40
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg-
X Lowest rates on real estate, Ist or 2d mort-
gages life insurance, or on any security, any
amount, O. W. BECKER, 3C Gtary. room 36.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bldg., 809 Market, cor. 4th. milte 1. est. 1563.
MONEY MONEY MONEY.
Any proposition. 49 2d St., Wells-Fargo Ex-
\u25a0 press bldg. Wage-Earners' Invt. A Loan Co.
ALVA Co. (The) loans money to salaried people
without security; good terms and easy pay-
ments; also on other security. 507 Flood bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
SALARIED people without security; also on
furn. estates in probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Empfre Loan & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy st.
ANY amount, real estate or other security;
8100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. S.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you se»
us. Hu'.ton Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank blag.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
McGARVIE & C 0. ,720 Market St.. loans money,
C 5 to 80 p*r cent of valuation of property, v
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL, 60» Examiner bldg.
3IUSICAL UVSTRUMI2NTS.
A~NUM'BER" OFUPRIGHT "BARGAINS..
English upright, for practice, $55.
French upright, a little better, $65.
Also a Chlckering. Vcee. Sterling, Curtai,
Smith &. Barnes, Mozart. Neuman. from $145.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
OUR large and Increasing renting business en-
ables us to rent the best pianos in the city for
$2 50 and $U per month, some at $2; one
year's rental allowed if piano Is purchased.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660-64 Hayes.
A NEW piano for rent at $3 per mo.; -others
at $"' and $2 50; one year's rent allowed If
purchased. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
f>t;O Hayes at. : *
FIRST-CLASS upright piano, maiogany case;
must sell without . delay; maJce offer. 584
Valencia st. '
AN Emerson upright, $167. HEINE.
Geary st. \u25a0 *
SUPERIOR violins, rlthers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister St., manufacturer
Hornung Bros.' pianos; agt. Laff argue plane.
ELEGANT uprights, new, 2d-hand, $40-SSOO.
PIERCES Piano Factory. Market and 14th.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed storage pl-
anof. furn. White head'a storage. 1636 Mrkt.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post at.
NEW, upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickering baby grand.
Shon-.nger little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
.MUSEUMS.
SrTIIEBIO STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market st.. near Sixth.
PERSONALS.
"REXRADIO'S VISITORS" . can -'all' have a
FREE sample of his H'D RADIUM healing
power. CALL for CIRCULAR. Consultation
FREE; houre 2 to 6—5096 — 509 Kearny.
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he will
challenge tbe world to produce Ita equal ;
shipped to all parts of world. 382 O'Farrell.
$1 and $2 50 size bottles; take no substitute.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoatt
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st. -.\u25a0** ' *
ETAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hairdress-
ers. Star Remedy Co., 821 Polk st, \u25a0
OLD picture frames refinlshed like new; reason-
able. California Decorating Co., 206 sth st.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS A CO.. th« tailor. 729 Market st.
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle special-
ist, 814 Sutter st. Phone East 8646.
S BRAND new tailor-made men's * suits, cost
$25. for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS,
1127 Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth. \u25a0
MASQUERADE costumes, play* books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., ; opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0 " \u25a0-\u25a0*
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. 1
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM/^herb doctor
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now j lo-
cated ,at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All | dls- '
eases cured by Chinese herbs.*' 746-8 Clay st.
PARTNERS WASTED.:
WANTED — Lady wishes partner to 'Join - her
in opening an employ, office. Box 1260. 'Ca11.'
PARTNER In real estate ' and . collection
agency. Box, 6166, Call. Oakland. '. ..** •
PAINTING AND PAPERHANGINC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up: 75,000 rolls wallpa-
per. 5o up. Hartmann Paint ' Co.; 319 Third.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented; U. 'S. and foreign; :
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 5-32 Market st.
\u25a0 . ' . \u0084. RESTAURA^TS.7!'i '\u25a0:\u25a0_ ;'../ y.-. ;.'
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen and restaurant - for
sale. 430 Turk st. \u25a0;. : ; * , \u25a0;• --.•-;•.-\u25a0
• LEGAL NOTICES/ V -:
NOT responsible for bills : contracted l^ by i Su-
perior restaurant, 604; Third St.; VGUS,- AN-
DERSON.
REA L B STATE— CITY— FOR S A LE.
SELLING \u25a0-.1-'. 1 -' \u25a0 - "\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0 "\u25a0-,"-' ',•-'.. '.-'.'
; TO BEAT THE BAND.
ONLY $1 25 A" WEEK.
$275— Elegant level brllding lots. clos« s to
school: fine car service on Mission 6t.; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozone Is not polluted
with smoke and dust. \u25a0 to say . nothing • of . the
'deadly microbe: no Interest and no .taxes.'. -
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
..' .. ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$400— For finely located lots 3 blocks south
of the park : electric ' car service unexcelled ;
enhancing in value with every stroke of the
clock; buy now; next week may, be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" Is not the only man'that.ap-
preclates this beautiful section; no taxes.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
26- Montgomery st.. room 8.
MARINE VIEW— PARK LOTS.
$50 DOWN— slo* MONTHLY;
NO INTEREST— NO TAXES.
Adjacent to improvements costing millions.
Two electric roads will be running within .
one year.
Absolutely cheapest lets in Golden Gate Park |
District. ".
Lots will double ip value in few months.- -
E. J. HOOPER. 2H MONTGOMERY ST.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes; 713 Jas. Flood bulldingf.
We bnlln on your' property or buy , you a
lot; you make a small cash payment, then
?8 per month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your
monthly Installments less than rent; -call' or
send for \u25a0 circular. . -:\u25a0 \u25a0-..-..\u25a0 \u25a0-.'\u25a0- \u25a0.-:
$tX>oo— BARGAIN: residence, » handsome rms..
bath: solidly built: sun every room; nr Pan-
handle: $2500 cash needed. P. O. box 2296.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale.
AAA— "OUR PRICES" on ranches are lower
than anywhere else because we do not add
huge commissions on to the owners price;
we only handle places we "know" to be good;
we "never" misrepresent a place; see us and
cave 20 per cent: Santa Cruz County land a
specialty. BURR-P ADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
gomery st., ' San Francisco. Cal. -
ALFALFA Irrigated lande. $25 per acre; $1
down, $1 month; no Interest; call or write
for pamphlets. INDEX LAND AND BOND
CO.. 907 Kohl bid., cor. cat. and Monfy sts.
A MONTHLY catalogue country land bargains
sent free. C M. TTOOSTER CO.. 64S Market.
Poultry ranches. Write to J. W. Horn Co.. Pet-
aluma. for free copy of Sonoma Co. bargains.
BURLINGAME REAL ESTATE.
NEW SUBDIVISION.
NEW SUBDIVISION.
Best lots for the money down the peninsula;
200 sold In 30 days at beautiful Burlingame.
Streets graded, macadamized: sewer? and
water pipes laid. Surrounded by beautiful
homes: near school; great big lots, 50x150,
$450 and upward: $30 cash, $10 monthly.
Office opposite Burllngame Station.
LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.^
•CO-OPERATIVE Land and Trust Co. are the
owners of large blocks of real estate In "The
Twin Cities," Palo Alto and Mayneld, the
Stanford University towns; large lots, $300
and up; cement walks, graded streets, etc.;.
small monthly payments: country property:
houses for rent. San Francisco office, 720
Market st.; phone Front 31. Salesmen
wanted. -
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A FINE 10-room houee In Oakland to exchange
'for San Francisco property. P. C. LA SSEN
& CO., 466 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
OATvLAN D APVEBT'S'M'TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — $300 less thancost, one of the choic-
est building lots in Alta I'icdmontj all street
work, sidewalks, sewers, waten and gas
mains complete; magnificent view: faces two
' broad avenues; restricted building value* In-
sures elegant home surroundings; owner go-
ing away; must sell at once; make offer.
Apply to, W. J. WHITE CO.. 2tt Montgomery
St.. room 8.; * ' \u25a0 \u25a0
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD. .
JUST opened oriV of "thY best, bright, sunny
boarding-houses In Oakland; beautiful view
over LakeMerritt and the surrounding hills;
come and see. . 1308 Madison st. •:\u25a0"-.. . . .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th st.. cor, store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert Vents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. '
BUCHANAN, 920, corner McAllister — Fine
sunny front housekeeping suites with all
modern conveniences: clean, airy and new:
regular kitchens; $15 and $10; adults. Ap-
ply KB9 McAllister St.
BRYANT, 444 — One or 2 sunny rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping. ,
BUSH, 1411 — 1 or 3 furnished or unfurnished
rooms. - . _v '..-\u25a0•
BUSH, 1625, near Van Ness aye. — Nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms; all con-
veniences; 4 rooms; $27 50. .
BRYANT. 44S— Housekeeping rooms.
BUCHANAN, 137 — 4 housekeeping - rooms;
stove; all complete.
CALIFORNIA. ! 1255— Lower flat; pleasant
•housekeeping rooms. \u25a0•,-
EDDY. 329 — Sunny housekeeping and single
rooms; very cheap.
FELL,' 148, Almon — Elegantly' furnished, sun-
ny, front .. apartments; . private bath; single
rooms;, reasonable. -
FOURTEENTH, 730— Handsome furnished
rooms for housekeeping; sunny bay-windows;
water; , laundry. '-\u25a0\u25a0.-
FULTON, 1206, near Scott — Three unfurnished,
connecting, rooms; bath; laundry; references.
GEARY. 736 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; good location, . . - - - \u25a0 \u25a0 .
GEARY, .1058 — Four rooms newly furnished;
first floor; $20; three rooms $18. .
GOLDEN GATE aye., : 126 — Large, sunny
rooms suited for light housekeeping.
GOUGH, 500, . bet. Grove and Fulton— Con-
venient ; housekeeping ; rooms. -\u25a0.''.
HOWARD. 640— Snap; sunny front bay-win-
dow • room: gas, sink, grate; furnished; no
children. ' / ' , ._ '
HYDE, 218— Furnished rooms for light house-
' keeping: gas range: no children. .
JONES, 609 — Nice housekeeping suites. $8 ; to
$10 per month. ..-.-. .
KENTUCKY, 1247 A —Housekeeping rooms.
LAGUNA. 608 — Furnished "suit:' parlor, bed-
room. dining-room. ; kitchen, gas range ; $25.
LAGUNA, 908 — Front ;, ; sunny housekeeping
rooms to let.' ' ' '
MARKET, 2098 — Two large, sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping;
phone. -bath. . \u25a0".\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0_.--.\u25a0-\u25a0'.
MISSION. 823 — Housekeeping rooms; gas for
. cooking.- \u25a0- . ' . ' \u25a0'.-:
OAK 117, or 14 . Page — Complete for . house-
keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.
OAK. 600 — Large light sunny I furnished rooms;
| closets, running .water; priv. j family; j select. ,
O'FARRELL, 1 1358 — Newly | furnished rooms;
new house; gas range, etc. ; $10 a month. '
O'FARRELL, 1390— Nicely, furnished convent-"
ent housekeeping rooms ;- cars pass door
every 3: minutes; reasonable." ; •
PINE. 1733, blocks from -Van Ness — 3-connect-
'j ing, ; housekeeping rms; nicely., furn: -' reas.'
"TURK, .416, '4 Regina— Nicely . furnished rooms ;
2 connecting .with bath. $25 and $30;. other
choice rooms 'reasonable. ..\u25a0\u25a0::\u25a0.' .
TURK 5t.. '520,': Flat B^-Two nice, unfurnished
' , rooms with ' use of ; kitchen, $B; ; gas." - : \u25a0-•:-: \u25a0\u25a0 t.
VAN NESS aye.,- 519— Sunny;" famished rooms
from 's7 -up. with: or without housekeeping. '\u25a0:
APART3IENT HOUSES.
ST.'.'CECILE. 115 Fell st.. near ! Van , Ness and
' Market— New, han-isom?.' fireproof' sti ucture; :
mod.' Improvements; apts. .".-rm.,,bkth; special
Inducements for next. iy ilaysj tel. Couth 1071.:
NEW/ 4-story i corner •: apartment-houee; I sunny.
717 1 side;, completed November I.' rf'All suites have
/ \u25a0 modern.kltchens.rplectricvllghts.ietc.'r Apply-
.•.': 244 : Ninth St. : building opposite. V -^
RANDALL" Apartments, -.120 . Pierce ; st. — Four
• large, -sunny,'.: ; unfurnished 'rooms; . must ; ; be
\u25a0- seen'to be: appreciated.,; Tel.- Fell 9731. - • ; ; ;
A— KENILWORTH. cor. : Bush.'. Powell ; 3-room
.;. sunny , aparts. ; \u25a0 single \u25a0: rooms ; ; modern ; { reas. ;
GRAND view ; ; Calit. :• and . Lyon ; : 4-room J fur-
V. nished apartments complete .with j bath ; j reas. '
. ROSSWELL' Apartments, 1360 Pine 1 ! . near Hyde
-1 3 and 4 rooms,' with bath; steam beat. \u25a0:
APARTMENT HOUSES— Continued^
ALTA Apartments, opp. Alta' Plaza— Furnished
or unfurnished 2 rooms and separate bath.
Clay.et.. between. Pierce and Scott.
M AYBELLE, 202 f Grove, \u25a0 cor. '.Van s Ness— Van
I Ness>3-rm. suite: Grove, 3-rm. eulte; reas.
THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan— l to 5 rooms,
overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel. Page 6166.
ROOMS TO LKT—Fora. and Unfnrn.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN,
Corner Ellis and Lsavenworth sts..
isPFiSSS&In the heart of the city. .
300 rooms ;- 100 baths.
Modern In every detail.
Rates $3 . to $15 per week.
Rooms, with private bath, $1 day.
Tourist travel solicited.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth at.— Rooms
250 to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 'The Almonte," 873 Market St.. (or No. 1
Fifth sU— Rooms 25c to 50c, $1, $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
AUBURN, 15— Furnished rooms.
BELMOND House, over Owl Drugstore: 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 . Turk— Electric
lights, running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $4 week.
BURTON Hotel, 1126 Howard st.— loo rooms;
new house; modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
BUSH, 1215 — Rooms for gentlemen; bath;.r«a-
sonable. ; '•- - ; ' -
CALIFORNIA, 1329 — Front hall room to let.
CALIFORNIA, 1424— Large sunny front room
suitable for 2 gentlemen: running water.
CLARA, 217 — Two sunny rear rooms, with run-
'\u25a0\u25a0 ning water - ' '
DEVISADERO. 1201 — Nicely furnished room*
to let; moderate charge.' '
DORE, 26. off Folsom, near Ninth— To let. nice
furnished room; gaa. bath; reasonable.
EDDY. 514 — Nicely furnished sunny desirable
rooms ; also housekeeping - rooms. \u25a0
EDDY 515— Nlce.y furnished io:mi at reas-
onable" rate*. —\u25a0-*.'\u25a0'
ELLIS, 792— Sunny front room; also single
room; reasonable. \u25a0\u25a0'.'\u25a0. ;
ELLIS, 1115 — Elejantly furnished front suit*
for one or two gentlemen; private flat;
very reasonable. . I
FIFTH 22— Furnished rooms to let; choloo
corner and centrally located.- . \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
FIFTH. .119— Choice furnished rooms to let;
central location. \u25a0'\u25a0-. »\u25a0 .
FIFTH. 129 — Furnished rooms to let at reason-
able rates. \u0084 " \u25a0
FIFTH, 152— Nice furnished .rooms; location
• central ; convenient. •
FOURTH, 271—100 rooms; all sires and prices;
new, modern; hot and cold wttter. .-<\u25a0 '
G ALT- HOUSE, 1206 Market st. — Choice rooms
by day, week or month; central location.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 34— Nicely furnished
rooms to let: reasonable charges. ! •
GOLDEN GATE ave\, 2l»— Furnished rooms;
good location; reasonable. '
GOLDEN GATE aye., 533 — FUrnlshed room,
$7. - -.- ...
GREENWICH. 861V4— Furnished room to let In
private family; bath and all conveniences.-
GRAND Pacific Hotel. 1014 Kearny st— New
house; all modern conveniences;. rooms by day
35c up; by week $2 up; open all night. .
GRAND SOUTHERN. 1069 Mission, cor. 6ev-
enth — 100 rooms; 50c night, $2 to $7 week.
HAIGHT, 892, cor. Devlsadero — Sunny front
rooms; single and en suite. "
HOTEL Hamilton, and cafe, 125 Ellis, bet..
Powell & Mason st3.,S-F. — Rms $1 to $3 per
day; steam heat & telephone in each room.
HOWARD 715— Rooms. 25c to $1 per day;
$1 50, to $3 per week; reading-room, eto.
JONES. 119 — Centrally located . choice fur-
nlshed rooms \u25a0to let. :
LEAVENWORTH, 348. The Stockton— Elegant
furnished rooms to let: all modern conve-
nlences; single or en suite. \u25a0 -
LEAVENWORTH. 382— Furnished rooms to let
at reasonable rates. .
LEAVENWORTH. 403 — Nicely furnished
rooms; all conveniences; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 411— Fine furnished rooms,
single or en suite; well located.. •
LEXINGTON, 135 — Nice furnished rooms;
\u25a0 pleasant neighborhood; rates reasonable. -
LOVELY rooms; some housekeeping: Dwlght
way house; strictly high grade; Key route
sta. W. S.- Joy.. 2122 Dwlght way." Berkeley.
MARKET. 1004— Sunny, front room, $2 per
week; over dental parlors.
MARKET, 1153, bet. 7th and Bth— Several
pleasant furnished rooms; will rent by the
day. week or month. . \u25a0
MASON. 417 — Neatly furnished rooms; tran-
sient or by week or month; reasonable^
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third St.— 4oo
single and family rooms, 35c to $1 50 per
day; $2 to $8 week: the. onry new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cotd
water, • electric lights, call bells, eteam heat
in every room, and gives free baths andele-
vator day and night to its guests. * : \u25a0
MONTGOMERY, 716 — Furnished rooms to let.
PINE. 923 — Choice furnished rooms to let lii
\u25a0 good neighborhood. -" - \u25a0
POST, -889 — Large, sunny, furnished .room;
, gentlemen only; references. - *
POWELL, 216 — Nicely furnished rooms; tran-
glent a specialty. '.-...
POWELL, 236 — Nicely furnished rooms to let
by day. week or, month. . •
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 -Third St., near How-
ard—New house with modern conveniences;
rooms en suite and single: rates by day, 35c
up; by week, $2 up; baths free to guests. .
SIXTH, 148— Nicely furnished rooms by day,
week or monthf - ' - '' ..." '
TAYLOR, 242— Sunny furnished front room,
with good dressmaking trade established.
TAYLOR. 615B— Finely furnished rooms to
. rent; rates moderate. \u25a0''... '
TAYLOR, 670— Nicely furnished rooms to let
by the day, week or month. > - .
TAYLOR. 616 — Newly fur. rooms; hot and cold
water; $10 mo.; elegant suites; baths free.
TURK. 204 — Nicely furnished sunny room*, $2
per week up; quiet' house.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas). \u25a0 running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus, baggage.
WOLF, House, ' Howard end Sixth— No better
transient house in city ;\ rates reasonable; lo-
catlon central. Geo. H. yon der Mehden, prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st., nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms,
35c to $1 60 nightly, $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus, baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS,- subscriptions received at
• Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH, of flee of The Call for the reception
I of advertisements and subscriptions has' been
, opened \u25a0at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
' Open until 11 p. m.- - \u25a0 \u25a0 • .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
H^raL~M^RXß^soU^H7T^^dllyT7o^JuBt
opened; rooms modern, up to date, light, sun-
ny, airy;, hair mattresses; free baths; every-
thing elegant, fresh, clean; table unexcelled.
. ' Rates: j Rooms for 2 with board. $50 month
and upward ; single | rooms . with board, $30;
\u25a0 ; \u25a0' everything -. homelike ; • parlor . and piano for
; guests ; , location in the heart of . city. 404
Eddy St.. 404. ;.•.',
ASHBURY: 845, near Park— Nice sunny rooms,
.with ; excellent table board, suitable, for
couples; 1 phone, piano bath; take Ellis or
\u0084 :Haight- st.'"? cars.- ,'\u25a0-.-,.\u25a0 -y. ".'-"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'"\u25a0
CALIFORNIA.' 807— Exceptionally good table.
, \u25a0 free / . billiard-room. :; \u25a0 handsome - • and sightly
;• \u25a0 . rooms ; board and room for , 2, $45 up: single,
$22 50 up; suites, $55 up; see for yourself.
SUTTER. near Webster — Large sunny room foi
2 people \u25a0 In' private = family, $22 60. wltn.
breakfast. .Box 1227.^ Ca11. . . -
DOLORES,' 1009—^Nlce sunny ' rooms, with best
:>.: >. of .; home f cooking, , in " Mission . warm belt;
; . phone Blue > 3636. ; ; -| -\u0084 --, ":--•' j: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'] .:-..: '• '."'\u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0' '\u25a0'
HOTEL McAllister. 503 Van- Ness '\u25a0 aye.— Ele-
sant ; sunny -suites, with private bath; .also
\u25a0 -single rooms;: fine "table board. * \u25a0 • \u0084 t ' .
GEARY. " 640," Malson . Tence— Select furnished
;.' rms.'L with, excellent- French table board; reas.»
JOHNSTON. THEJ. 605 O'Farrell— Sunny suite*
-\u25a0 . and ': single . rmt>. : «r« r excellent \u25a0 board : <. references.-.
; TYPEWRITERS AND ; SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No/ 2 Remington. * No.' 1
Smith .- Premier, f: s2s : ' other i typewriters ;at
• : 'hlgher i andlower ; prices: > rentals, : s2.so. . Tb*
: . \u25a0 Typewriter Exchange, 536 ; California : st. ;.;
WANTED — One". or S two ' parties ; to ' take inter-
. / est \u25a0In book at Oakland ; this is an excellent
-*\u25a0 chanoe. to get, in; right," and la worth • Investi-
gating. Address i box 1209. < Call of floe.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. |
UNION Square Tranefer, and Storage' Co.. «04
-. Van Ness aye. Phone ' liast 445. Storage,
moving.; packing:. cut rates on freight. k
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Vail Co.;- furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped, 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant IKI.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and . Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Flllmore; tel. West 82S.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 'Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DaJnsSTlc^The"*rnlic^^
§is cheapest; second-hand all makes at -any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office,- 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3, $5. $8: slightly,
used. $10, $15, • $20. You know where dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market St.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR RESERVOIR— Office of
the Chief Quartermaster. San Francisco,
Cal., October 26, 19C5 — Pealed proposals, in
triplicate, subject to the usual conditions,
will be received at this office until 11 o'clock
am.. Pacific Time, November 25, 1905.
and then opened in the -presence of bidders,
for the construction of a 100.000 gallon rein-
forced concrete reservoir at Fort Miley. Cal..
In accordance with plans to be submitted by
the \u25a0 contractor, and specifications to be seen
in this office. The eucceseful bidder will be
required to give a bond in the full amount
of the contract price for the proper execu-
tion of the work and as a guarantee to rem-
edy any structural or other defects found
in the reservoir within a period of one year
from date of acceptance. Further lnforma-
• tion furnished . on application to this of ftc».
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all bids. Envelopes con-
taining proposals should be Indorsed: "Pro-
posals for Reservoir at Fort Miley, C%1."
and addressed to COL. WM. S. PATTEN,
Asat Quartermaster General. U. 8. A.
INVITATION for Bids for Building Work. —
Notice la hereby given that sealed bids will
be received at 16 South Hall. Berkeley. Cat.,
on or before 5 p. m.. October 31. l»05, for
windows and door» for the president's house;
separate bids also for carpentry work, etc.,
for the .interior furnishings for California
Hall; separate bids also for the buildings foi
the Forestry Experiment Station at San.a
Monica.. Plans and specifications are on "U
at said office, except plans and specification*
for the work at Santa Monica, which may be
seen at \u25a0 the Forestry Experiment Station
at Santa Monica. No bids will be considered
unless accompanied by a certified check or
bond in favor. of the undersigned, equal ti
- 10 per cent of the bid. with sufficient sure-
ties conditioned that if the bids b« accept*!
the "bidder will enter. Into a' contract fa th-
fully to perform the obligations In accordance
with said bids and with said plans and speci-
fications. The right to reject any or all bids
Is hereby reserved. The Regents of the Uni-
versity of California.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department.
Washington. D. C. until 10 o'clock a. m..
November 28, 1905, and publicly opened Im-
/ mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
; yards. Mare Island, Cal.. and Puget Sound.
Wash., a quantity of naval supplies as fol-
lows: Schedule 200— Drills, sand belt ma-
chine, Cincinnati drill, wrought Iron pipe,
ells. . Schedule 201 — Oil burning apparatus.
Schedule 202 — Reamers, hardware, files, emery
wheels, buffing wheels, steel, surface plates.
Applications for proposals ' should designate
by numbers the schedules desired. Blank pro-
posals will be furnished upon application to
the navy pay office. San Francisco, Cal.. or
to the Bureau. H. T. B. HARRIS, Pay-
. master General. U. S. N.
PROPOSALS FOR PUBLIC BUILDINGS—
Office of the Chief Quartermaster, jSan Fran-
cisco. Cal.. October 26. 1905 — Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, subject to the usual
conditions, will be received at this office
until 11 o'clock a, m.. Pacific Time. Novem-
ber 10. 1905. and then opened In the pres-
ence of bidders, for the construction and
electric wiring of frame additions to sixteen
sets barrack buildings at the PreMdio of
Monterey,. Cal. - Information furnished on ap-
plication to this office. , The United States
reserves the riaht to accept or reject any
or all bids received or any part thereof. En-
velopes containing proposals should be in-
dorsed "Proposals for Public Buildings. Pre-
sidio of Monterey. Cal.." and addressed to
COL. WM. S. PATTEN. Asst. Q. M. Gen-
eral. U. a. A,. ,
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Engraved wedding invitations, visiting & busi-
ness cards, crests, etc.; high-class work; mod-
erate rates. J. H. Duncan. 126 Kearny. rs. 1-2.
.MARRIAGE LICENSES. .
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: f*
James Russell, 29.117 Hartford street, and
Mary O'Brien. 24, 20S8 Mission street.
Waldemar Pihlgren. 22. 2759 Mission street,
and Ottilia Olson. 20. 359 Prospect avenue.
Miguel Gonzales. 27. Gllroy. and Lessle
Brewer, 18. S'.erraville.
Lon A. Estes. 24. 25 Fifth street, and Marl-
on V Larry IS. 227 Chapultepec street.
William R. Moll. ?6. Stockton, and Ora P.
Stotenburg. 19. Stockton.
Alberta S. Fry, 2S, Los Angeles, and Addle
N. Street. 30, North Yaklma. Wash.
John Hellberg, 31, 21 Bennlngton street, and
Hilda Olson, 32. 21 Bennlngton street.
Arthur R Rots, 24. 1563 Dolores street, and
Agnes M. Schneider. 23, 2761 .Bryant street.
Fred H. Cuppers, 25, 112 Oregon street, and
Carrie Gomes. 22. 410 Pacific street.
H. Josslyn Phillips. 21. 2172 Geary street,
and Adelina Feder. 21, 929 Ashbury street.
\u25a0 August P. Llnqulst. 26. 56 Cook street, and
Marie E. Zachan, 23. 525 Howard street.
Eugene Dufau. 25, 1716 Fifteenth avenue
South, and Alexandrine Lauberge, 20, 840 Lar-
kln street.
Edouard Lauberge, 24, 1716 Fifteenth avenue
South, and Felice Joanne, 22. 840 Larkln street.
Ferdinand A. Kraft. 27, 171 Fair Oaks
street, and Use E. Klitzsch. IS. 4235 Twentieth.
Luclen Bordenave, 36. Stockton, and Jose-
phine Bernard. 30, 619 Pacific street.
Domingo Pratto. 39, 503 Montgomery avenue,
and Armlda Mondlni, 29, 918 Montgomery st.
Timothy T. Hurley, 34, Oakland, and Eliza-
beth Sullivan," 27. city.
Edward CDay Jr., 21. 977 Church street,'
and Alice Coffey. 21. 1182 Valencia street.
Emll E. R. Frohbose, 25. 138 Sixth street,
and Johanna J. Claussen, 20, 138 Sixth street.
John Finn. 42. city, and Sadie A. Mcßae.
30, city.
Fred P. Bender, 27, 1572 Howard street, and
Martha A. Steckenrelter. 23. 305 Tenth street.
Komenosuke Matsuura, 23, Sacramento, and
Sal Kawata. 26. 920 Sacramento street.
BIRTHS— MAEFiAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication office* and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to ' have the \u25a0. same published.
Notices restricted simply to* tbe announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free cf charge.
MARRIED.
OAINES— GAINES— In this city. October 25,
1905, by 'the Rev. William N. Meserve,
Francis A. Games of this city and May L.
Games of Byron- . \u25a0- .
DIED. :
Ault, Capt. Matthias.S6 Keating. Ellen.
Bartholdt, Herman, 58 • Lambert. Pierre, 68
Brook. Henry, 70 Madden. John J.. 33
'Brown. Chloe, 83 . Madden, Mary P., 23
Chandler,- Lowell, 65 Munro, Robert C.
Deteis, Martin P.. 41 Opitr. Antonia M., 21
Donaldson. Harriet. 66 Parkinson. Alvira. 23
Doncks. Johanna, 83 . Peterson. Edgar A..39
Ebrlght. Anna Julie. Rolph. Minnie W.. 42
Flackmeyer, Christian Rowland, Alva, 3 day*
Helatt, Hiram C. 73 Schaertier, Zadle. 38
Howard. Jacob. 40-.- Thornton. • Nicholas, 20
Hutton, Inea S.. 53 Waldstein, Joseph, .79:
James, Leorrtdas A..6J Weber, Harry, 61
AULT— In this .city, October 36, 1905. Captain
Matthias,'- dearly beloved husband -of Sarah
Ault. a native of New York, aged 88 years.
JCTNotice c.t funeral hereafter. ". Remains
at the parlors of Monahan & Co., 2339-41
Mission street, near Nineteenth.
BARTHOLD— In this ?. city, October 25. 1905.
. Herman .F.. beloved husband of Christina D.
Barthold. father of Mrs. Fred H.. Slebe and
Robert M.. Bert, , H. . Eleanor. Agnes and
-. Edna ' Barthold. . and brother of Mrs. Emelle
Hildebrand. • Miss Minnie Barthold. Adolph
'Barthold and the late Max and Albert Bar-
thold.' a native of Germany, aged 5S years 10
months and 2S days. A member of Concordla
Lodge No. 122, I.' O. 0. , F. : Walhalla En-
. eampment/ I. 0. . O. F.. and . Norddeutscher
Verein. .• ~ ; •
cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday).- October 28. at 2 o'clock p. m-
from \u25a0 Odd Fellows" Hall, corner Seventh ; and
Market streets. . where the services will -be
held: under the auspices of Concord la Lodge
. No./ 122. 1.. 0.,.0. F. Interment New Odd
; Fellows' Cemetery. 1 Col ma. by electric funeral
. car. from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. '
BROOK— ln. Oakland. October 25. 1905. Henry,
beloved husband of the late Eliza Brook and
'father of Mr*.' J.' Gambonl. Mrs. A. Hancock.
XEMETERY^ PLOTS
In Odd. Fellows' ;? and: Masonic Cemeteries can
be exchanged for Plots in
: : .' MOUNT OLIVET.
, For particulars apply i at' City • Office.
GRANT BLDQ.. MARKET A SEVENTH STS.
Mrs. A. Lovett. Mrs. F. Drelsbach. Mrs. U.
Mlvertoot and Henry Brook Jr.. a native of
tJigittnd, agea •«\u25ba years ana 10 months.
It^-rrienus and acquaintance? ate i«tp*cl-
fully invited to attend the (unerai Saturday,
Ociuber -\u25a0>, at 2 o ctuvk ;>. m.. tioct nts iai«
residence, l'.'i2 Twentieth avenue, feast Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View cemetery.
BKOWN— At Napa. Cal.. October 2tt. 15*C5,
in her eighty-iuurth year, Chioe rirown.
\u25a0 widow of the tate £iuith uruwn, and motaer
of tbe late Mrs. trances Easertun, Mi*.
Homer S. Kin* and Uana W. Brown of a*-
attie, Wash., a native u( MattJacnusetts.
O" Funeral -»ervice» at the ii'-rst l*re*by-
• terian t'hurch. Napa. Friday. October XI,
at 1 - o'clock d. m.
CHANDLEK— In this city. October 2K. 19C5.
Lowell il.. beloved busband of Enzaoeui
Chanaler. a natie of (irancy. Mass.. aged ««
yrars 5 months and S days.
DETELS— In this city, October 24, lyui.
Martin P. Deteis, beloved husband ox Maxsi*
Deteis, and father of Martin P. Deteta Jr.,
a native of tfan Francisco. Cal.. aged -U
years 5 months and v days. .'. -
(CT* Funeral private.
DONALDSON— In Pasadena, October 25, 1305.
Harriet C. Donaldson uf Mill Valley, a aa-
live ot Onio, aged titt years.
C^lntermem at Lod oatua to-day (Fridai).
at - o'clock p. m.
DU»SCKS — In this city. October 24, 1805.
Johanna, dearly beloved »ie of tt>« iat* s
Peter H. Doncks. lovuii mother of Mrs. F. L.
• Uuntz. Mrs. Henry Ketch and the late Mr*.
F. X. Kast. and »ister of Theodore Utesike.
a native of Germany, aged &* years 1 month*
and 'M days. A memoer of the Christllh*
Mutter Verein.
O" friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuly invited to attend the funeral r'r.day,
October 27, at 8:15 o'clock a. m.. from her
late residence, 42» Oak street, thence to Su
Bonitace's church. Golden Gate avenue, be-
• tween Jones and Leavenworth street*, where
a solemn reuuiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commemrlng
at i» a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme.tery>
EBRIGHT-*-At Upper Crystal Springs Reser-
voir. Anna Julie Ebright. beloved wif» of A.
U. Ebright, mother of Evelyn E., O. W. and
William Gainer EbrUbt and Infant, and
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Gainer of
Lasuna district.
(ytfrl-snds and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
October 23. from, her late r« sidence. Upper
Crystal Sprinxs Reservoir, at 5:43 a. m..
thence by carriage to Saa Mateo. where elec-
tric car will be taken at 11 o'clock. Inter>
ment Cypress Lawn vault. Services will t«
held at Cypress Lawn Chapel.
FLACKMEYER— In this city, October 25, 1905,
Christian Flackmeyer. beloved husband of
Meta Fiackmeyer, dearly beloved father of
v. u!Un Klackmerer. Mrs. W. J. Callahan.
Henry and the late Christine Flackmeytr.
and rtepfather of Mrs. J. Madden and th»
late Mrs. E. Meyers. A member of Hercules
Lctig» No. 53. A. O. U. W.
IC?* Friends and acquaintances* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday). October 2s, at 2 o'clock p. m..
from the new funeral chapel of Tneodor
Dierks. 432 Golden Gate avenue, between
Larkln and Polk streets. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
HEIATT— In this city. October 26. 1905. Hiram
Cave Helatt. husband of Ella Helatt. and
father of Seaton Heather Helatt. a native of
Kentucky, azed 73 years 1 month and 13
days.
• CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
HOWARD— In this city. October 24, 1908,
Jacob Howard, beloved brother of Mrs.
Karen Raehorn, and loving uncle of Andrew.
George, Cbarien, Lala and Harry Rashora
and Mrs. Martha Hauser, a native of Sarps-
borg, Norway, a^ed 4t> years 5 months and
S days.
C?" Friends -and members of Longshor»
Lumbermen's Protective Association. Local
No. 224, I. L. M. and T. A., are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
to-day (Friday), at 1 o'clock p. ra.. at
the parlors cf Craisc. Cochran A Co.. 4tfl
Golden Gate avenue, under the auspices of
Fishermen's Protective Union of Pacjflo
Ccast and Alaska. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
HUTTON— At Rockford. Mich.. April 28, 1905,
Inez Sexton, beloved wife of H. W. Hutton.
a native of Cleveland. Ohio, aged 53 year*
S months and "M days.
|T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
October 27. at -3 o'clock p. _m.. from th«
chapel of Mount Olivet Cemetery. San Ma-
teo County. Please omit flowers.
JAMES— In this city. October 2«. 1905. Leonidas
A. James, a native of Ohio, aged 67 years
and T months.
KEATING— In" this city. October 25. 1905.
Ellen, beloved wife of the , late Cornelius
Keating, and mother of Edward J. and Mary
Keating, a native of Ireland.
C 7" The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 0 o'clock a. ra.. from her lat»
residence, 3314 Clay street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
at Q-M0 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cros>
Cemetery.
LAMBERT— In this city. October 28. 1905,
Pierre, beloved" husband of Catherine Lam-
bert, a native of France, aged 6S year*. A
member of Laurel Grove No. 17. U. A. O. D.,
and Association of Stationary Engineers No.
1 of San Francisco.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
October 2S, at 8 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of JuliU3 S. Godeau. at 810 Van Nes«
avenue, - between Ellis and Eddy streets,
thence to St. Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, where a requiem high
man will be celebrated for the repese of hist
soul, commencing at ' 9 o'clock.- Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MADDEN— In this city. October 25. 1905.
John J.. dearly beloved - husband of Liszt*
Madden, lovinz son of Bridget and the late
James Madden, and brother of Mrs. W.
Benson, a native of New Orleans, axed 33
years. A member of the Webb Pressmen' •
Union No. 4 of San Francisco.
ID* Friends and acquaintances and rrlem-
bers of the Prewraen* • Union are respect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlor*
of Monahan & Co.. 2339-41 Mission street,
near Nineteenth, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MADDEN — In this city. October 2«. 1908.
Mary F. Madden, sister of Mrs. N. A. La*an
6f Sorinzneld. Mail., Anna Madden of New
York i and Robert J. Madden of this city, a
native of Springfield, Mass., aged 2S year*
MUNRO— In Oakland. October 25. 1905. Robert
C. Munro. dearly beloved husband of Mary
Munro. and father of Thomas G.. Helen L.,
Alice A.. M. Irene. Joaie L. and Robert C
Munro Jr.. a native cf Aberdeen. Scotland.
(San Pedro. Cal.. paper* please copy.)
C7Friends. acquaintances and members of
Live Oak Lodge No. 81. F. and A. M., Oak-
land; Forrest Camp No. 102. W. O. W.. and
Marine Engineers' Beneficial Association No.
35 are requested to attend the funeral, to t*»
\u25a0 held under the ausslces of Live Oak Lod«*
No. 61. F. and Aj.M.,- from Masonic Temple,
corner Washington and Twelfth streets, Oak-
land. Sunday. October 29. at 2 o'clock p. m.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
Marine Engineers' Beneficial Association
No. 35— You are hereby notified to attend th»
funeral of our deceased brother. Robert C.
Munro, from Masonic Temnle. corner Wash-
ington and Twelfth streets, Oakland. Cal..
Sunday. October 29. at 2 o'clock p. m. As-
semble at reading-rooms. Sunday, at &
o'clock p. m. By order of
WILLIAM J. BRADY JR.. President.
HIRAM J. PLATTS. Secretary.
OPITZ— In. this city. October 24. 1906.
Antonia M.. dearly beloved daughter of'
Henry and Johanna Ocitz. and sister of
'Jennie and Henry Opltz Jr.. a native of Aus-
tria.- aged 21 years 2 months and 2S days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). October 27. at 1 o'clock p. m.. frora
the residence of her parents, 444S Twentieth,
street, - near Eureka. Kindly omit flowers.
Cremation Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
PARKINSON— In this city. October 26. 1903,
Alvira M., dearly beloved wife of B. Parkin-
son, loving mother of Frank and Arthur
Parkinson, and daughter of -A. C. and th«
late Ida Earl, and brother of Guy Earl, a
native of Kent County, llich., aged 23 .year*
. 1 month and IT days. (
PETERSON— In Healdsburg. October 25. 190*.
Edgar A. Peterson, beloved son of Ellen -»t.
and the late Oustavuj H. Petersmn. and be-
loved brother of Louise E. Brown and Leon!,
Charles W. and the late Ferdinand G. Peter-
sen, a native of California, aged 39 years.
E7" lnterment at Healilsburr Friday. Octo-
ber 27, at 2 o'clock 0. m.
ROLPH— In this city. October 23. 1905.
Minnie Wlgmore. the dearly beloved wifs
of Joseph W. Rolph. mother cf JcaeDh W.
Rolph Jr., and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
James E. Wl«nore. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 42 yean 10 months and 7 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servtcr*
on Friday. October 27. at 1 p. m.. at her
late residence,*' 1435 Sacramento street. In-
terment private.
ROWLAND-— ln this city. October 25. 19C5.
Continued *on Pasre Fourteen.
HE N R Y J. rr C A LL A C HE R CO.
(Successors to ' Flacnagan A Gallagher).
DANIEL P: DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
' -Funeral Directors and Smbalmer*
Formerly in- Metropolitan Temple.
NOW AT 566 MISSION. TeL South IUT.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at, \u25a0
Finest Equipments at Moderate R»U*v j
1314
DEATH NOTICES.
<<»nllii::«.i fwml'iiK* Thirteen.
.
Alva beloved s :i c! Aiva and Alice Row-
land.' a native of .^an Francisco, aged 3 daya.
SCUAEHTZEK— Jn ihlf city. October 25, IIW&
Zadle Scnaeruvr. Uetovtd wire cf Fn-derioK
C Scbaertzvr. .laughter <>t Mrs. Jar.c \ alf :i-
< la. and eiMer of Us*. F. ?. Van Meter ar.d
Xirm. C W. Caut«rutb .1 iiati- - * of
*Jz'... ac<~<l •">*' ynr." hi biontbs and " days.
C7"Frlen<is and accaatnTanrea- an- r. .,
rully VaxVUM •-« attn ... .;- i^n.ral to-morrow
• Saturday), at 1 .VVtK .. m.. from the
funeral parlors of the U. F. Maass Company,
:»I7 Uic&lon Kirr-<-t. intiMin.r.t «.:>:)T*?s Lawn
Cemetery. •\u25a0:.-> el*c4r-o car ii.mi Kichteenth
and Gurrr*-ro streets.
THORNTON— in UUs city; October 20, I»C3.
Xlchula?. dearly beloved son of Peter and
Ihe late Anr.if ThomtOß. ar.d brother of
the iate XAw-ir, Uoii?, Susie and Pete
Thornton. » native of San Francisco, aged
SO je£.ri» s<» months and 2 days. A member
vf Fan KrsnciEco farlor No. lA, N. S. G. «.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atirnd the funeral services
Saturday. October 2S. ut 9:IS o'clock a. m..
f:om the funeral parlors of Valente. Slarini
& Co.. 152* Stockton Blivot. thence to St.
1 rands ChurAii, whore a requiem hieh mass
will be celebrated for the rejK.Ke cf his soul.
i-rtmmencinK at tKSd a. m. Interment Holy
t Yiisfi Cemetery.
Umlher r.u \u25a0>-.!. -rs of A. O. of H. are re-
<jue»tfd to at.nd funora!. By order of
M. J. f'Iv:RCE, President.
J. H. I>OLAN, Rec. Sec.
UALrSTEIX- In thiw city, October 25, 1905.
Joseph Waldetcin, a native of Germany.
aped 79 years.
CTFuneiaJ Frida; . October 27, at 2:30
p. m., fir^ir the jnortuarj- chapel of the
Oolden Gate Undertaking ComDany, 2475
Mission street, near Tw«*nty-nr*t.
TrKBF:R— In this city. October 24, 1905,
Harry, beloved husband cf Meta Weber, lov-
ing rather of J. P.. Annie and Sophie Weber,
l.rcther cf F. Gerdes, uncle of Elizabeth
<>>rdes o:id brother-in-law of J. D. Bullwln-
kel, a native of Oldenburg. Germany, aged
«1 years. A member of Hesperian Grove
N0.*45, U. A. O. D., and Ilartnagle Chapter
No. 2.
C^Frlendr and acquaintance* are respect-
fully inviteti to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 p. m.. frcm h!s late residence,
mo Hyde etreet. between Bay and North
J'o:.it. thence to Druids' Hall. 413 Butter
•treet. wh#re service* will be held, eom-
r.enrlnr at -D. m. Interment I. O. ,O. F.
Cemetery.
CARP OF THANKS. .
T\> herewith deflf u> express our heart-
felt Ihnnks «o our many FrtetMSM and nelgh-
Vts, who liv >heir tender love, comforting
(•ympethy a-id beautiful floral efferings
hr-lp+n 10 I'chton the bitter sorrow lately
FiifTFred in th- mrs of A loving wife and
mr^er. Acr.'s <"etoKle.
MR. W. J. cOOGLK 1 AND FAMILY.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY,
San Mateo county.
MASOKIC CKUKTKRV ASSOCI VTIOX.
iSQ James Flood Building. S. F.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 15.
Truckee Electric 17 00 ....
Missceilaneous Bonds —
Asso Oil Co 5s (1922) 31 60
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
10« -Alma Oil 60
£."><>" Independcnoe Oil. b 90 23
309 Monte Cnsto Oil "V*
Afternoon Session.
Board —
ISO F*ur (hi 28
Mining: Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Ptork and Exchange Board yesterday:
J>:r>o a. m. Session — Comstocks.
mo AMes 281 300 Ophir 6 75
300 Belcher 31 400 Overman 10
2<tf> B«»st & Hel.-l t»' ICO Potcwi 15
s>do Caledonia ... Hit ir<«.i Scorpion ..... 15
«u0 Con Va M...1 85| M 0 Sierra Nev .. 35
1^ m. Informal Session — Cotnstocks.
I^o Andes 2^! 10CO Mexican 1 M
12»0 And-s COO Mexican 1 BO
100 Belcher 311 200 Ophir I S7lj
«/O>» Brlcher :«X» Potosl 16
200 B*st & 8e1..l «5, IWX' Potosi 1C
li 0 B>et & 8.550.l ».v| 2CO Savage ...... S3
800 Uruns C Va. 03: 600 Havage Si
J£i!> Uuilion «a] :;0U Ravage 66
ITOO Con Va M...1 I*»; 5Mt Sierra Nev .. —
7i'O Con Va M...1 !'5. 200 Sierra Nev .. 30
H*. Crown Point. «»j 1000 Silve Hill .. 92
So<> Gould & Cv&. 15' lw Union Con .. NJ
lv« Hale &: Nore.l X 5) 900 Union Con .. 5*
200 Haie & Norc.l :.<>: 5W> I'tah 06
2 p. m. Session — Cometocks.
100 Andes *9i 400 Mexican .....1 T5
30K Con Va M...1 W liw Potosi 16
Xou> Con Imperial 121 'JbU Sierra Nev .. 38
200 Gould & Cur. 2«; 550 Sierra Nev .. S7
2w Hale & Norc.l SJI
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask.! Bld.Ask.
Alrha 10 12i Gould &. Cur. 25 20
Alia 03 <>5| Hale & Norc.l 25 130
Andes 2S 29 Julia Of. 08
BUcher 30 32; Justice C 2 OH
Beat & 8e1..l tio 170 Kentuck 02 03
Bruns Chollar 01 — j Lady Wash... ft! 04
Brufis C Va. 02 — .Mexican 1431 50
Bruns Gi C 01 —(Occidental ... t>7 »v
Bruns Potosi 01 — | Ophir 575 6 i) 0
Bruns Savage 01 — j Ophir -Bruns.. 08 JO
Bullion 37 38; Overman .... 10 :i
Caledonia ... 4t> 47| Potoei 15 17
Challenge ... 15 17 I Savage 61 53
Chc-Har Hi 17|Seorplon 14- 15
Confidence .. 75 * |v ;Sig Belcher.. 01 05
Con Va M...1 N)l W.j Sierra Nev .. 34 36
Coo Imperial 01 021 Silver Hill .. 02 »3
Con N V «U tt2,St Louis .... <KJ —
Crown Point. 08 CBj Syndicate 11
E Sierra Xcv — «"5 ; Union Con . . 53 54
Kuifka Con.. 1252 50 Utah ! 05 «.«
Exchequer . . 51 53; Yc-Ilow Jacket 22 24
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIEL.D STOCKS.
Morning Session.
J'W Big BuMrrog. lOjiooo Kendall .' 23
2500 Blue Bull ... 07 j 1000 Kendall 22
SOU Bullfg N Bk H;4<n<u MacNamara.. 31
600 Builfg N Bk 15,2000 MacNamara.. 32
M»0 Blfg XEk.b»o :5|1003 M'Nmra b 30 33
50 Bunker Hill. 85; 1500 M'Nmra'. b 60 34
2500 Bunker Hlll.l 00 1 COO May Queen... 15
i*oool_>ixie O9;3000 Mohawk 15
100 Eclipse 40; coo Mont Ton ...2 25
20W Empire stfj 600 Mont T0n.510.2 25
100 Forest City., i'l 1 1503 North Star... 45
imu Gold Bar ... 31J10C0 Silver Pick... 07
200 Goldneld Mm D6j 100 St Ives i 4
10C0 Gldfld Rand. 06,2000 Ton Bimont.l 37%
£000 Indiana ol| «JW) Ton Mid way.. 1 3a
250 Jumbo M Co. 75;
Afternoon Session
700 Adams 05' 500 Kendall 21
ltf.o Blue Bull ... 07; 1400 MacNamara. . M
500 Bullfg N Ek X 513000 Mohawk 15
500 Cash Boy .. 16; 1000 Ohio Ton 22
2000 Bunker Hlll.l 0O 2000 Mont Ton,slo 2 15
300 Dixie 10i 1000 North Star... 45
2000 Eclipse :!3j2000 N-urth Star... 44
10V0 Jim Butler.. 64] 500 Orig Bullfrog. 21
50<i Jumbo M.slO 75: kx# Silver Pick.. 07
100!) Kendall 22;2COOHome Con.btiO 0»
1000 KendaJl. is 10 22, to Ton Midway.. l SO
15W) Kendall, s 5. 22! SCO \\>6t End..l 07>4
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tcnopah District.
Bid. Ask.; Bid. Ask.
Belmont 1 35 1 10, Lucky Tom.. C 5
Belmont Ex.. — 521 MacNamara.. 30 32
Boston Ton.. 11 12. Midway 1 3:» 1 .i 5 '
Jirsr's JB Xx — 10j Mlzpah Ex .. 11 13!
Caiifornia ... 05 07jMont Ton ...2 25*»'7'
Cash Boy .. J6 I7j.Mont Pttaburg IS
<*olehan — 10 Monitor 02 03
Eula Con ... — !7;N V Ton Con 15 17
<iold Anchor. 63 hZ, North Star... 43 43:
Golden Gate. — 0*! Ohio Ton . . "•• "4 !
<Jold Mt 11 12,rud Hock Ex — 13
Gold Mt Con — OljKercue Otf 08
Great Westrn C 2 <O*Ton Exten ..575 6 <t»
Ind Tcnopah. — <-'l;Ton Hme Con 05 m i
Home OS o»iTonSlv & Gld 15 I
Jim Butler.. «:4 «;«|Ton of Nev.l2 37 1" 50 '
J Uutler Ex. — 17j Virginia .. 10 "_ I
L'.lUe Ton ..2 37 2 59|\Veet End ...1 07 1 10
Goldfield District.
Adams 04 Cs|Goldne!d Ton. -- C 5
Atlanta O9 <O, Great Bend.. — u« '.
Aurora 06 09; Highland .... _ 13
Black Ante.. — W] Jumbo M Co. 75 7c
Black Butte. 16 20] Jumbo Ex .. *»v
Blk Btte Ex. — O2|Juno _ ot
Black Ucck.. — "2. Kendall ;o 21
Blue Bell ... 04 feOj Lone Star ... 07 OS
Blue Bull ... 07 O*; Lucky Star . . — 01
Brooklyn .... 01 u2jMay Queen... 15 10
Btte Goldflcld 3S — (Mohawk 14 i<s
Ball & Bear. 02 03; Nevada 80y../ 1:; '14
Booth il Co. 05 — iNcv Goldfleld.' 25 28
COD 40 &ojNev Southern. — ; n
Columbia ... 15 — Oakee .• — 10
i'alumbia Mt 14 i e Oakland — 10
Conqueror .. 13 15|Oio — 05
Diamond — , 15 j Pennsylvania. 01 02
DiamondSeld. 22 24! Red Lion 02 03
ItaiSd Trngl — 10:Potlatch OS —
IJominiou ... — «C|Ked Top 60 62
Dixie 09 10; Red Top Ex.. 01 &3
lC?npire 05 «'6l Sandstorm ... 43 48
Exploitation. — 04] . Sandstorm Ex OS 10
r«»n ....... <& — {Sherman .... — 25
Plorencc 260 4 o«! Silver Pick... 07 <»S
Frisco — «>B| SUumerone .. — 20
Cold Dust .. — «7) St U-eg 13 it
GoW Hill ... — 04Treasure 04 —
<ioi«lti.l<; Mm 64 5« Verde ....... 02
GlCt G Reed — JOlWrnal 04 t\i
GlOtid P.and. 06 (.-«. Wonder ..... — OS
Bullfrog District.
Am»rgoF» ... — OS! Gold Bar 30 3-
Amethyst ... 14 lSjGldflJ Bullfrg — 10
Big Bullfrog. 1-* — iLlge Harris.. U. J^
Bonnie Clare C 5 - | Mont Bullfrog 02 .\u25a0- Oj
Uu'.lfrcg Mln 47 iOOrls Tiwllirog. -1 —
Bullfroz Anx 02 04l Pilot 20 —
Bullfrog Com 06 —I Red Dor «2 '"^
BullftoM Ex. ::t S^i San Francisco 1. 1J
BJfrg Dundle 06 10' Shoshone rr.- — >.'}"
Hl iTg "Jumper W — | Shoshn B Gid — -Z
nuUtp X Bk H iO|Ste!nway 14 J^
»r:i BulJfroK 2-"t :.'«! Ventura -••• • li .'•»
Dn Blfg Am 07 10{ Vista Grande. — 05
FVp'c SS *9 Wolverine ... 05 10
Other Districts.
Brown Hope. — 141 Paymaster ... 01 02
ConKr.ss 15 —i Hay 4c O'Brien 06 0i
Esperanza .. — Olißocco Hmstk. HZ —
Gold Recr M 15 — ißothwoll. ..'.. — 26
Gold Quartz. 22 —; Silver Peak .. — 1<
Kawlch &3. — 13 Southwestern. — 25
Kavrich Kins: — OllSylvania *V> 10
Kawch MCo 0C t9!Tokop Con ... 0* —
L.ida Hawk.. — SO! ',
TONOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco ard Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
0:30 a. m. Session.
100 Con Va M...1 Ss| 100 Ton N Star.. 45
100 Mexican 1 50; 300 Union Con .. 63
400 Mont Ton ..2 23;
11 a m. Session.
700 Andes 29; TOO M'Nmra, s 30 31
5W Black Butte. 171 200 Mexican 1 i<s
3<K> Con Va M...1 RS| IOC© Orig Bullfrog. 21
100 Con Va M...1 9l»|lC00 Orig Bullfrog. "2
1000 Dlamondfleld. •.*:«! 1500 Red Top .... «1
10"0 Eclipse, b 10. 40| 100 Rothwoll .... 0*
500 Jim Butler.. 64i 2CO Ton Mldway..l 85
300 Jumbo M Co. 7B| 100 Wnt End ... 95
2 p. m. Session.
400 Con Va M.I 82%|-.100 Oohtr 5 87U
SCO Con Va M...1 95,2000 Orlg Blfg, bBO 22
2000 Dixie, b 30.. 10 600 Red Top 61.
1000 MacNamara.. 31 300 Savage 54
200 Mexican ....1 60 100 Ton Blmont.l 37ft
1500 Ohio 231
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstock*.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Alpha 10 12 Julia 07 C 8
Alta 03 -(Justice — OS
Andes 2S C9|Kentuck 02 —
Belcher 31 — | Latly \Va«h. . . — - C 4
Best & 8e1..l C 5 — Mexican l\6o ICO
Bullion SS —Occidental ... 87 —
Caledonia ... « — |Ophlr 6756 00
Challenge ... 15 — .Overman 10 12
Chollar 16 17 Potosl 15 16
Confidence .. 78 — ISavage "62 —
Con Va M...1 85 1 90] Seg Belcher.. 05 —
Con Imperial — •£, Scorpion 13 13
Con N V...V — 04 Sierra Nev .. 35 .37
Crown Point. OS —I Silver Hill ..92 —
Exchequer .. 62 — ! St Louis .... — 11
E Sierra Nev — o*l Union Con ... 53 54
Gould & Cur. 23 —Utah OB CO
Hale & Norc.l 25 —[Yellow Jacket 23 24
Tonopah District.
Belmont 135 —I Midway 1301 35
California ... — 06;Mlzpah Bx . . 10 12
Cash Boy .. 16 17|Mont Ton.. .2 25 2 27H
Colehan — JOjN-Y Ton Con 20 21
Gold Anchor. M SSj North Star... — 46
Great Weitrn 03 04|Ohlo — 25
Home OS 09, Paymaster ... — ««
Home Con .. — OJ-Rescue 06 03
Ind Tonopah.OOH 01HJS Nev Dev... 01 0*
Jim Butler.. 62 — iTon Exten ..5 76 —
Little Ton .. — 2 75 j Ton of Nev.l2 50 13 25
Lucky Tom.. — 17| United Ton .. — 15
MacNamara.. 31 ;;3lWest End ... —1 10
Goldfleld District.
Adama 04 05| Jumbo M Co. — 75
Austin — 81|Jumbo Ex ... — 22
Black Butte. 15 1 7| Kendall 21 23
Blk Btte Ex. — 03^ Lone Star ... C 9 —
Black Rock..> — 05|May Queen... 16 —
Blue Bell ... 03 -Mohawk 15 —
Blue Bull ... 0« 08. Nev Goldfleld. 20 2S
Brooklyn 02 05|Oakes — C 9
Columbia Mt 18 — Oro — 04
Diamond .. — 15 Pa Goldfleld .. 02 03
Diamondfleld. — 3i» Red Lion 02 04
Dixie 10 — | Red Top .... — 64
Frisco — 10|Red Top Ex.. — 02
Exploitation. — 01 St Ives — 14
Gldfld G Dst — 05 Sandstorm ... 40 —
Gld& G Reed 11 — Sandstorm Ex OS —
Gldfld L Star — 07; Silver Pick... 08 —
Goldfleld Nev 64 67! Slmmerone . . — 25
Great Bend.. 03 — I Vernal — 05
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 01 C2I Llge Harris.. 01 H 03
Beatty Blfrg — C 3 Mont Bullfrog 02% 04
Bullfrog Anx — 04|Orig Bullfrog. 20 22
Bullfrg Belle — 07| Shoshone — 12
Bullfrog Mm — 651 Vista Grand*. • — 03
Bullfg N Bk 14 16j Wolverine ... — 11
Eclipse — 40]
Other District*.
Brown Hope. — 10 Pine Grove ..03 —
Esperanza .. — <Wj Ray & O'Brien 05 —
Free Gold .. — 15 Rothwoll .... 04 10
Gold Mt Con — 02 Silver Peak.. — 21
Kawlch Gold — 04 Ton Berkeley. — 05
Nev Sunshine 15 — | Ton G«ld Mt. 09 —
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
THURSDAY/OCTOBER 26.
William H. and Sarah C. Crlm to William
E White, lot on N line of Fell street, 100:10
E of Buchanan. E 36:8 by N 120; $10.
City and County of Baa Francisco to George
A. Newball. lot on W line of Webster street.
114:4^1 S of Washington. N 25 by W 97:6;
Evallne M. Marcus (.Carter, wife of Sieg
fried) to George G. and Elizabeth GUlesple, lot
on E line of Deviaadero street, 62:814 N of
Clay. N by E 110; $10.
. U. D., Fred W. and Lily Meyer to William
and Lucy Oibbins. lot on E line of Broderlck
street, 92:0 N of O'Farrell, N 22:« by E 92:6;
$10.
William A. and Harriet H. Magee to Charles
S. Wheeler, lot on.N* line of Broadway, 276:9
W of Baker street, W 20:9 by N 275; $10.
William R. Hearst to same, lot on N line of
Broadway. 297:6 W of Baker street, W «3:3%.
N 275, E S3:2H. S 275; $10.
Phebe A. Hearst tv same, same; $10.
Elizabeth Bremkamp or Biemkamp to Mar
garet Kaller. lot on S line of Pare street, 35
E of Lyon. E 25 by S 100; $10.
William D. and Anna C. Meyer to Geslne
E. Thode (wife of John W.), lot on S line of
Carl street 12U.97 E of Cole, E 25. S 118.94,
W 25.014. Is' 118.08: $10.
Mary E. and William T. Howe to Patrick
Crosby, lot on E line of Howard street, 110 N
of Fifteenth, N 30 by E 125; $10.
Savings and Loan Society to Antonio Giuli
anelll. lot on XE corner of Twenty-eecond a.n-1
Dolores streets, E 37:6 by N 94; $1.
Samuel J. Crawford to Ann Crawford, lot on
E line of Church street. 130 6 of Twenty-first
S 26 by E 125; $10.
Ferd E. and Minna Hesthal to Laura Good
man, lot on S line of Fifteenth street 150 W
of Sharon, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Isabel and John Stockfleth to William Loewe
lot on E line of Bartlett street, 80 N of
Twenty-third. N' 40 by.E 125; $10.
Rosa A. Buel to Emma W. Marr. lot on E
line of Hampshire Street, 70:6 N of Twenty
fifth, N 25 by E 100; $10.
Emma W. Marr to Harry H. Coegriff. same;
$10.
Kylvester and Fannie L. Pearl to Anna E
Kavanagh, lot on SE corner of Twenty-third
and Castro streets, S 2G:6 by E 105; $10
Elizabeth C. McMillan to Wallace Bradford
lot on E line of Homestead street. 160 8 of
Twenty-fourth. S 25 by E 125. lot 4, block 18
Noe Garden Homestead Union; $10
Peter N. Hanna to M. A. Larkin, lot on E
line of Davis street, 01:8 N r of Clay, N 45 : i0
by E 137:6; $10.
Sidney J Nau. Anne N. Guthrle, Mary N
Folsom and Ada N Malzen (Nau) to Qeonre
P. and Charles A. Wetmore, lot on W line oi
Montgomery street. 137:6 S of Lombard S
60 by W 137:6- $10. "noDara. b
George P. Rebecca E-. Charles A. ana
Rachel H. Wetmore to City and County of
San Francisco, same; $4160. , r.^J,
J. Cuneo Company to Kernan Robson. lot
on E line of Vulcan avenue 57:5>4 N of Val
lejo street. X 50.0% by E 60; $10. ,
Maria llusto et al. to Joseph Mtisto Estaw
Company, lot on E line of Mason street 77 -b
S of Clay. S 20 by E 68:6; also lot on E Una
of Taylor street. 75 S of Post. E 137:0 by &
02:6; also lot- on S line of Lewis street
125:4 W of Bemis, W 39:1. EE 104:10 NE 80
NW 79:8; al?o lot on W line of Battery »tre»t
»4:3 N of Prfclflc. N 43 by W 137:6; also lot
on W line of Battery street 25 X of Pacific
» <59:3 by W 87:8; also lot on B line of
Grant avenue, CO S of Poet. E 60 by 6 42:6,
and party wall conveyed In 16 Conveyance 43
also lot on X line of Clay street, 97:6 E \ot
Montgomery, E 40 by N 68:9 and party wall
In 4 Conveyance — and 955 D. 385; also lot
commencing 137:0 W of Dupont street and
137:0 S of Vallejo. X 63:11%. SE 89:8*4: VV
57:4%; also lot on S line of Clay street 271
E of DuDont. E SO by S 120; also lot on SE
corner of Clay and Hyde streets S 34:6 bj
E 112:6; also lot on W line of Stockton street
40 S of Broadway. S 50 by W 80: also lot on
X line »l Clay street, 75 W of Montgomery
W Cl by X GS-.O; $10.
Xat M. and Pauime Raphael to Andrew"- W.
Mcrton. lot on XE line of First street,'6B:S»
XW of Harrison. NW 46:3 by XE 68:9; $10.
Eliza Fureer to M. Fisher Company, lot on
S comer of Folsom and Ritch streets, SW 25
by SE 75; SlO.
Jacob Heyinan Company to Morris Kramer,
lot on SE line of Clary street, 137:6 E ol
Sixth XE 22:6 by SE 75; $10. \
American Steel and Wire Company to Ocean
Shore Railway Company, Potrero Xuevo block
4C2. bounded on X by Army ,- street. E by
lUlnolE, S by Marin and W by Kentucky:
$23,000.
John A. and Ajtnes X. W'cston to Isabella
M. Cowe'.l. lot on XE corner of California
street and Sixteenth avenue. E 255 by >
300; SlO.
Jacob and Bertha G. WelssbeSn to Can
Za.pt, lot on X line of Sixteenth avenue, 103
S of Lake street. S 25 by E 127:6; $10. '
Jennie M. and Georee W. Scott to Annie M.
Srontach. lot on W line of Second avenue
250 N cf aement street. N 25 by W 120; $10
Margaret Fleming to Mary M. Finnlgan, lot
on W lino of Fourteenth avenue, 178:10 S of B
street. S 26:9 by W 218; $10. . .
Albert nnd Charlotta Wllford to Albert
Gomperti. lot on SW corner of Fifth avenue
anil C street. S 28 by TV 70; $10.
Addle Howell to J. R. Howell, lot on E
line of Nineteenth avenue, 100 3 of H «tre«t
S 23 by E 120; $10. *
American Land and Trust Company to Carl
M." Kahlstrom.'lot on 8 line of J'strentlOO
i; of Forty-second avenue. E 40 by S* 100
aleo 'ot on X line of X street, 32:6 W of
Fortr-flr«t avenue. TV 25 by N 100; $10.
Bernhard and Rose Gets to Harry Levins-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. J- RID A V; : , OCTOBER 27, 1905;
DECIDES RIGHT
OF EXECUTORS
Appellate Court Gives Opin
ion That Upholds Employ
ment of Separate Counsel
GAETLAND GAINS FEE
Sustains Judge Coffey, Who
Granted an Allowance to
31inority 31an's Attorney
The First District . Court of Appeal
has decided that where there are two or
more executors of an estate each executor
is entitled, to an attorney of his selec
tion and that a reasonable allowance for
fees la chargeable to the estate. In the
earns opinion the right of an executor
who might be in a minority of three or
more to engage his own counsel is
held. 1
The decision results from an appeal
taken by two of the three executors of
the estate of Angella R. Scott from a
•lecree made by Superior Judge Coffey' in
connection with- the settlement of the
executors' accounts'. Under order
$5000, allowed for attorneys' fees, was paid
by two of ' the executors, Frank Garcia
and C. M. Gerrlsh, to their attorneys,
Philip G. Galpln and A. K. ; Bolton, noth
ing being allowed to John B. Gartland, at
torney for C. S. Tilton. the third executor.
Prior to this, $250 had been paid to Gart
land, and Judge Colfey ordered an addi
tional $750 allowance to him. Garcia and
Gerrish appealed.
In the opinion the court recites that
section 1355. Code of Civil Procedure, does
not mean that the act of the majority
can deprive one of the executors or ad
ministrators of the assistance and. advice/
of counsel Heretofore the practice of
permitting executors to- retain independ
ent counsel has been one of professional v
ethics. The decision establishes the prac
tice as one of right and a matter of law.
UP-TO-DATE THIEF
CAPTUBED AT* LAST
Man WL o Has Been Picking
Pockets Near Election Ma
chines Caught.
The pickpocket wbc> has been operating
with success among the crowds that con
gregated liefore the election machines for
the last week was captured by Detective
Bunner yesterday on Kearny street near
Market. He had Just taken a gold watch
from the pocket of Henry McGarvey, a
contractor.
The arrested man g&ve his name as
James A. Sullivan. When he was searched
at the City Prison five watches were
found concealed about j his 1 person \ by
means of a contrivance known only to
professloral crooks.
Among those who have lost watches
while standing: near election' machines
during: the past week are P. J. Gomez,
Herman Schmltt. F. Myuho, William
Kiely, R. Kretz, A. Abrahms, T. Roth, E.
Schultz and James Weil. These men will
be asked to identify the watches found
in the possession of Sullivan. The police
are certain that the prisoner has a record
in the Eant. He admits having taken Mc-
Garvey's watch.
Blother and Son Disappear.
The police here have been asked- to find
Mrs. M. Togus and her "son. Frank W. wno
left' Los . Angeles for this city on October 'i
and bay« i.ot been, heard of since. Mrs. Togus
had been -imployed for a number of years by
the Santa Fe Railway Company in Los Ange
les. She s 44 years of age. 6 feet 2 inchet
tall r of very sallow complexion, has darn
eyes and black hair, which Is always rolled
high on t:p of her head. Her son is 18 year»
of age, 5 feet S inches tail and of dark com
plexion.
Alleged Stuff er Isj Arrested.
Joseph Thomas Maloney, a laundryman. sur
rendered Umself at the Hall of Justice yes
terday afternoon to Policeman Skelly and was
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
perjury- He was released on $100 cash ball.
He is one of the men charged by Perry H.
Newberry. secretary of the Republican League,,
with Ewetrlng falsely to a deputy registrar
that he lived at a certain place when register
ing. .. \u25a0 .
Fen Habit* and Theories
Cast to th'i four winds. Nearly all of the sev
enty million peoDle know of Conklin's self
filling fountain pen. Bo you? Simple yet me
chanically right. The pen that help* itself.
Just a small pressure of the thumb and the
pen fllla. Better Ret Den wise and see it.
$3 and up. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. *
SMITH ESTATE SETTLED.— The affairs of
the estate of the late Ella Roberts Wilson
Smith w«re settled yesterday. The" Union
Trust Canapany filed a petition for an account-
Ing against Emily May Smith, second wife of
the late Butler Smith, who was administrator
of the estate of Ella Roberts Wilson Smith, his
first wife. He died before he could make an
accounting. An answer to the ' petition was
Immediately filed by Mrs. Smith, giving the
desired accounting, and , the estate, was closed.
WOUU3 LOCATE BIG SUM.— Charles Zach
arlas of 1230 Polk street yesterday turned over
to the Sheriff a somewhat Incoherent letter
from come one In Madrid. Spain, who wants
bis aid In • locating $210,000 in .checks made
payable to the writer. The latter wants a re
turn telegram cant to his servant, Juan Mill,
4 Hileras Begundo, Madrid, Spain, that th*
quest for the checks will bo undertaken. Th*
letter Is believed to be a hoax.
ston. lot on S line of O street, 82:6 W of
Forty-seventh avenue, W 50 by S 100; $10. '
John H., Cellna D. and Charlotte B. Spring
to Parkslde Realty Company, lot on SE cor
ner of Fifteenth avenue and S street, E 129:6.
BE 601:1. W W. 2, N 600: also lot on W lino
of ,Thlrty-flf th avenue, 225 S of T street, S
50 by W 120; also lot on SE corner of Fif
teenth avenue and T street, S 483:6, N*E 72:6,
NW 601:8. N 95:4; also lot on N line of T
street, 140 W of Sixteenth avenue, NE 125.86.
SW 22.05. SE 128:6, E 28.07; $10. .^
Estelle Morrison to George R.-- Webb, lot on
E line of Forty-third avenue. -125 N of V
street, N 25 by E 120: $10.
K. .E. Powers to David Douzel, lot on X
line of Forty-fifth avenue, 160 N of V street
N 25 by E 120; $10.
H. E.. AlUt M. and X. "W. Mac Arthur to
Philip and Amalia Rothenbusch.'lot on N line
of Crescent street. 260 W of South, W 25 by
N 100, block 6, Holly Park; $10.
Victoria Ernst to Joseph L.. Broyer, lot on
corner of Godeus and Mission streets, SE 63:6
by NE 60, Petrero Valley 375; $10. .
John E. Carter to Edward G. Rln g,- lota 2177
to 2179. Gift Mao No. 4; $10.
Abraham C. Freeman to Flora McDerrnott,
lots 169 to 175, Gift Map No. 4: $10.
8. Ducaa Company to Karl; Mettler, lot on
SW corner of Neptune and Thornton streets,
W 125 by S 100, lots 1, 2, 3, 4 and. 5. , block J
Silver Terrace Homestead- $10. .
Gertrude A. Woodhouge ; to ; John J. Wood
house, lot on SW line of West avenue 222 •:{
NW of Park, NW 25, gW 9«:6. .SE to point
opposite beginning:, NE 91:4. lot 14, block 2
Holly Park: $10. .
J. C. and Pauline Rued to .W. R. Markt.
lot commencing 1430 W of Schwerln street and
293.0% S Of Daje, W 110 by S ; 291.0\," and
all Interest In strip 33 by. 291 S ; and 3 E of
abo^e; $10.
Patrick Jr., Michael rand George : Flah?rcy
and Marparet F. Gardiner to. Thomas •F. Tlf-r
ney lot on SW line of Twelfth avenue 75 SE
of M street South.- SB -25 by • SW'/ 1 0i>' ; let : 7.
block 213. South San Francisco Homestead ana
Railroad. A t soclatlon; ; $10. " " ITT^TTiUnniTlgfiij^B
Harry, M: and Alma N. French to.ElUabeth
A. -Wynne, lot on-. NW line.of ; Ashbuvy etieet,
75.84 NE of- Tremont. € NE5 27:11,,,W 78.82, , a
20 S3. E 80.50 being: lot 2, -block J, Pjrk
Lane Tract No. 7; $10.
Jacob Heymaa Company to «ame, lot 2,* block
J. Park.Lane TractrNo.7; $10. ; : .
IJuSlders* Contracts.
Ida M. O'Rourke (owner), with Frank J.
Kortlck (contractor - and , architect)— All '-\u25a0 work
for a IH-stor>' frame r, cottage on lot on-l.
line of Twenty-fifth avenue. 200, N ; of; Point
Lobos avenue. 25 by .120; $17«J0. \u0084 . »' ,
Maria Andrea J . (owner) ,. with Gustave . Ander
son ; (contractor), architect 1 T. v Hess— All work
for a frame, bulldlnirion lot :10,; block 1 311,'. 0n
Sixteenth * avenue, \ between I : and *.T ; streets, .
Bay View; $2250.
REVIVES FIRE
DANGERS HERE
National Board of Under
writers Issues Exhaustive
Report on San Francisco
UEGES BIPROVEMENTS
Says City Has Violated All
of the Traditions of Busi
ness by Not Burning Up
"San Francisco has violated all under
writing traditions and precedent by not
burning: up. That it has not done so is
largely due to the vigilance of the fire
department, which cannot be relied upon
indeflnitely to stave off the inevitably."
Such is the opinion of the National
Board of Fire Underwriters as expressed
in an extensive report on fire hazard con
ditions In this city, i The report is the
result of three months of investigation,
made by a corps of engineers, under di
rection of a committee of twenty. This
committee has been charged with the duty
of supervising such inquiries throughout
the United States in the hope of improv
ing the fire risk . situation. This work
results from the Baltimore conflagration.
In the summary of the report, which Is
In much detail and volume, the nre-flght
lng facilities are handled under five
heads, the water supply taking prece
dence. The committee gives many paces
to a study of this subject and reports
that the Spring Valley water/ works is
efficiently managed, but lack of satis
factory agreement and pending litigation
react unfavorably on the quality of lire
protection rendered. The supply is
ample for present needs, but additional
conduit capacity is necessary to avoid
possible shortage in the near future. The
large proportion of distributing malns>
are too small, particularly In congested
and other, mercantile and manufactur
ing sections. Many occupied streets are
without mains. There are too few gate
valves for efficient control. The hydrants
are well Bpaced but of unsatisfactory
typea.
CO3IMENTS OJT "WATER SUPPLY.
The fire department is credited with be
ing well organized and under an. able
chief, but the equipment Is reported as
only fair. The general comment on wa
ter supply and fire \u25a0 department Is:
Water Kupply ample In quantity for present
demands, but decided probability of local fail
ure In . emerxency due to faulty distribution
system, which la particularly bad in outlying
aectlons_Fire Department efttcient and In gen
eral adequate. Fire alarm «ystem fairly ex
tensive, but only moderately reliable.
Touching buildings and hazards the re
port recites that the building laws are
fairly satisfactory "but are poorly . en
forced. The potential hazard is very se
vere and the probability feature Is alarm
ingly-severe, say the engineers.
Many recommendations along engineer
ing lines are offered for the Improve
ment of the water . supply and service.
The chief is that the proposed separate
fire main system be installed at the
earliest possible date. It Is urged that
immediate steps be taken by the com
pany to increase the capacity of the Ala
meda conduit, with provision for large
storage area for water. Detailed recom
mendation touching construction, size
and new installations -of mains V are
given.- Specifications are furnished for
a separate fire main system for congested
districts. ,
In the matter of fire department equip-^
ment the report suggests"^ large num
ber of items of Improvement, Including
the Installation of a light-draft flreboat.
More ladder companies . are recommended
and that not less than five engine campan
ies respond to first alarms In the congested'
valve district. The board urges that the
building laws be amended along lines of
the code prepared by the National Board
of Underwriters, specially encouraging
the use of modern protective devices.
Other recommendations. are:
That the building laws be rigidly and Im
partially enforced; that the lurce of inspectors
be at leajl doubled at once and th« force b«
put under civil service rules and vested with
full power to enforce the laws; that the fire
limits be extended to the south to provide for
future building growth In this direction.
PROTECTIVE MEASURES.';
As to other protective measures the
report reads:
Explosives and Inflammable*. — That a com
plete code of regulations governing the manu
facturo. sale, storage and transportation of all
explosives and Inflammable substances be
adopttd. It Is suggested that the rules of the
Municipal Explosives Commission of the City*
of New York bo used as a guide In framing
new regulations; that the fire marshal be as
sisted by an inspector whose sole duty shall be
Inspection and control of all places containing
oils, explosives or other Inflammable sub
stances, with full authority to enforce the laws
and regulations; that the "Oil District" be
restricted to a smaller area, the: limits on the
north being withdrawn to Sixteenth street, as
It is at present in too close proximity to the
lumber and manufacturing district
Electricity. — That measures be taken Imme
diately to secure the removal of all - overhead
wire*, excepting: trolley wires. In 'the under
ground dlstrlot; that an ordlnano* be passed
that all overhead wires excepting: trolley wires
be plaoed underground within tha fire limits;
that all old wiring- be relnppec ted and defec
tive installations ba remedied; that no over*
head vrlrts carrying current in excess of ap
proximately 2200 volts be permitted In the
built-up portions of the city; that six elec
trical inspectors be appointed to act under di
rection of the chief of the department of elec
tricity, t
Conflagration hazard. — That prompt . meas
ures be taken to relieve hazardous I conditions
in narrow streets by widening- the streets, , by
enforcing adequate window .. protection, or ' by
oomblnlng both methods; ' that automatic
sprinkler equipments be \u25a0 required In all build
ings which, by. ; reason of their size,' construc
tion or occupancy, singly or combined, . might
act as confla eratlon breeders. '
The engineers who prepared the report
are R. C. Clark, in charge of party and
structural work; A. H. Smith, in charge
of hydraulic work, and jR. C. : Martin, in
charge of fire department. | " The National
Board of Underwriters represents j 120 of
the leading fire , Insurance /companies ' of
,the United States. It has no control over
rates of insurance. The board has four
parties of engineers in the "field on work
similar to that done in, Son Francisco..
CALLS STUDENTS SCABS.
BERKELEY. Oct.- 26.— A walking delegate
from . San :, Francisco . created , some - stir about
the _• university ' campus * to-day ** when :he ob
jected to the new steel lockers at the gymna
sium .. being put up by i students. He • charar-"
terlzed the husky, college lads ac "scab" labor.
The youths , were naturally wroth ". and . they
threatened to : put -the "walking \u25a0 delegate ' under
one of the new shower baths. If he did not go
his way. The- delegate demanded of J. :R.
Emraona,' representing \u25a0 the . Narragansett Steel'
Company, .that ; the = "scab" .workmen, : meaning
the students,' be called off. . Bmmons : refuse J
to comply ;. with '. the • request. The , delegate
threatened . to ' call ' oft the . union " carpenters rat
work , around .' the college, , but left ' without
doing so.
PIONEER GROCER DIES.
: OAKLAND, ; Oct. 26.— W. 3. A Reed,: a ! pioneer
grocer J of -Oakland, died . last '\u25a0 evening- at - Men
tone; SanV Bernardino \u25a0 County; ; where -he ' had
gone In search . of health. He had been . 11l for
several • years : and. • accompanied .\ by . his wife,
had . gone ito Southern California 'i In .l the^ hope
thai> the climate > there might •> be : beneficial.
' . Mr. Reed ' lived • with ; his daughter \u25a0 and - son
in-law,': Mr.'- and tin; '\u25a0• F. ., G. .-Watson, ' at v 723
Eleventh street. : Hei.was a pioneer, of Oakland
and .was a ; Maaon of 'long:, .standing. :- HU
funeral will ~ be 1 held " Sunday" afternoon from
the Masonic ; Temple. . \u25a0
INDORSES ACTION OF COUNCIL.
OAKLAND,; Oct. J26.J 26.— The members of the
Independence Square : T Improvement > Club j have
adopted^ resolutions ; Indorsing ' ; the j action - of \u25a0 the
City ; Council - in ~.\ passing " the "" ordinanceTcalling
for: bids for \ franchise for, a competitive tele
phone system, i and - thanking Mayor Frank K."
Mutt for; his • approval i of ; the ' ordinance when
It '.was submitted to him .' - -;^.--*
LOUBET ANGERS
A HAUGHTY DON
Bestowal of Decoration
Upon General Weyler Stirs
Ire of Senor Villaneuva
CABINET '.CRISIS'- NEAE,
Head of King Alfonso's Navy
Is Expected to Retire
From /the Rios Cabinet
MADRID, Oct. 26. — President Lou
bet's visit to Madrid was concluded this
evening .without special/incident. He
was. accompanied to the station by
King Alfonso and left for Lisbon at
6:16 o'clock. He will reach the Portu
guese frontier early to-morrow morn
ing. '. -V" '-. : •
The ministerial crisis augments
dally,; owing: to the' peculiar attitude
of the friends of Minister of Marine
Villaneuva, who ; objected to President
Loubet bestowing 1 the -grand cross of
the legion of ..onor on him after con
ferring: a higher order on General 'Wey
ler. the Minister of War.
The attitude of Senor Villaneuva
created a serious incident and is
threatening a disruption of the Cab
inet Villaneuva maintains that, as
supreme head of the navy, he should
not receive lower decoration than the
head of the army. -French circles hold
that Villarieuva's action Js the result
of his unsympathetic sentiments to
ward France and it is said that the
Incident will result in his retirement
from the Cabinet. The Premier is seek
ing to prevent the disruption going
beyond the Minister of Marine, but
other retirements, including that of the
Minister of Finance, are considered to
be imminent. - • •>
In Government circles it Is said that
Senor Montero Rlos will not surrender
the Premiership. until after the conclu
sion of the Moroccan conference.
FATHER ARKESTS SON
AND INTENDED WIFE
Wedding Party Is Landed in
Jail With Stolen
Property.
A wedding at the Washington^Dance
Hall was interrupted last night and the
prospective groom, bride and best man
were taken to the City Prison, where
they may remain f,pr some time. Special
Policeman Joe Cuppers was the man who
gave Hymen the solar plexus.
The groom that was to be is Cuppers'
son, Fred, the bride that wasn't is Car
rie Gomez, and the best man, who turns
out the worst of the trio. Is Thomas
Lockyer, *«on of Captain Lockyer of the
Vigilant. "
When Fred Cuppers was searched at
the prison a pawn ticket for a $90 watch
that had been stolen from Captain Lock
yer was found in his pocket. It Is j de
clared that young LocKyer. took the
watch to defray expenses of the nuptial
feast. A diamond pin, which had also
been taken from Captain Lockyer, was
found in the possession of the unblush
ing bride that was not.
"The guests were met. the feast was
set" at Washington Dance Hall, when
Special Joe Cuppers arrived. The schoon
ers were frothing at the mouth with the
liquid for a toast. A marriage license
had been secured and somebody was out
hustling for a sky pilot or somebody who
would, splice the nuptial knot.
"This Is my : bride, pa." said young Cup
pers. , -
"Not on your life," shouted the parent."
I've pinched her too many times. I'll not
have May-the-Bullet for a , daughter-in
law If I know it."
So the wedding party was pinched, with
disastrous results.
THANKS SUPERVISOE
D ? AJS T CONA FOR HELP
Official's Favorable Views on
Tlndergroiind Electric Con
£" duit Commended.
The Sutter Street Improvement Club,
which has been active in the fight to
change the: existing: cable system o f
the Sutter street railroad to an under
ground electric conduit system, has
recognized the services of Supervisor
d'Ancona In that contest. The club
yesterday, as a mark of appreciation,
sent the following to Dr. d'Ancona:
Butter Stre«t Improvement Club,
October -26, 1905.
Supervisor Arnold d'Anconfc. M. D.
Dear Sir — Permit m«, on behalf of the Sut
ter. Street Improvement Club; to thank you for
the views publicly expressed, favorable to th«
conduit electric system. Very truly yours,
FRANK J. SULLIVAN, President.
FOUNDER OF NOBLE ORDER
IS ; TENDERED RECEPTION
Hn. Marsrnret BoKome ; Entertained by
California Branch ' of Kins'*
' Daughters and Sons.
"Mrs. Margaret Bottome, president and foun
der of the .King's: Daughters and Sons of
America, was given a reception at th« Occi
dental ' Hotel .: yesterday by the officers of the
California branch \u25a0of , that - order. The affair
was a great success and was largely attended.
It .was practically an opening to the. ninth an
nual State convention of the California branch
of the international order. :\ • ; \u25a0
The guests, to the number of 250, were re
ceived, by a committee composed of Mrs. Ma
tilda Brown. State secretary; Mrs.' W.J.* Ray
mond, -corresponding; secretary; Miss Mary
Raymond, assistant State secretary, and Miss
Jennie Cook, treasurer. :\u25a0.*-/, ••_\u25a0\u25a0 --.
'-\u25a0'' In ; honor of the occasion 1 the big receptlott
room of the Occidental was decorated* with a
wealth -of gorgeous . chrysanthemums. Music
by a splendid . string __ band r added . much ! to the
enjoyment of the occasion. -"
This order has now 1,000,000 members. N<»
sectarian and no color Una Is drawn.- It Is a
philanthropic order, making for a deeper spir
itual life. .":.,
Mrs. Bottome delivered an address last night
at the Howard Methodist Episcopal Church. •
' The : convention .will begin \u25a0 this . morning, at
the First Presbyterian Church, corner of Four
teenth and : Franklin streets, in Oakland.
LAUNCH RAMS SHIP'S BOAT
• ;; AND ONE * MAN IS DROWNED
V The body found floating in the bay at the
foot of Second ' street, on Wednesday, morning,
by David ; William's, < a boatman,; was Identified
at : the \u25a0 Morgue ! yesterday morning \u25a0as that of
Hans Peterson, who i had 'been a sailor : on ; the
barkentine Arago. The identification was made
by ' Carl r Adolfson, > second mate of . the vessel.
: Adolf son \u25a0 said \u25a0 that i. the i vessel i arrived here
from the Columbia River on October 10. That
evening ' he « and Peterson rowed * ashore in . a
small > beat vto have supper. -: As ; they were
rowing back to the vessel, the night being very
dark, . the \u25a0 gasoline ;: launch - Fuller; struck the
boat : and '*\u25a0 overturned it. ;v Adolfson • said - he
clung to the ; launch till Jhe \u25a0 wa» pulled | aboard,
bu» nothing was seen of Peterson, and he must
have sunk without aery for help. ' , .
; Nothing .was said about the accident at the
time ' and '. it i. would '\u25a0 not -, have been brought to
light mif '• it : had not ; been , for the i finding sof
Peterson' s \u25a0. body. . \u25a0 Peterson was a 1 single man,
about 47 years of age. '. ,
DEMISE OF F. S. ELLIS.
\u25a0 . AL.AMEDA. Oct.' 26."f-FredsrlckV S. EUI», .a
brother of E.-D., Ells,' a local merchant, passed
away.this' morning TafteVi ah illness. of severat
wetks.v Ellis .was a. native ot-Nova Scotia, aged
47 -> years. .; the " husba nd -of - Georgie • M. EIIU,
father of i George and Boyd Ellis and : brother
of R. M. V and ; E. #D. - Ells. . Mrs, ; Hat tie Alex
*nder;and Mri..Mianle Tilton - _
CHOIR SINGER
BEHIND BARS
Society Leader and Warbler
of Sacred Music Arrested
on Embezzlement Charge
LAKGE SUM INVOLVED
Asserted That Defendant's
Stealings From His Em
ployers Will Beach $3000
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Oct. 28. — Lauren Peaß*.
society man and singer In the choir of
the First Presbyterian Church, was ar
rested this afternoon at the Hobart-Cur
tis Hotel on a charge of felony embezzle
ment. He 13 charged by "W. F. Zirtck.
local manager of the St. Paul Fire and
Marine Insurance Company, with embez
zlement »of the funds of the concern, ag
gregating $1569 64. It Is assorted that
while the amount specified in the com
plaint is $1563 54. the aggregate of Peasa's
alleged peculations as agent of the com
pany is more than $3000.
• For some time Pease has been em
ployed as agent by the company. H« is
accused of making collections of money
and converting It to his own use instead
of turning it over to the manager. Pease
was very liberal In spending money. He
had a mania for sending flowers to his
friends and of giving banquets. He de
nies his guilt.
ARMY A*fD NAVY ORDERS.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— Army order*:
Captain Bpencer Cosby. «n*lne«r. will procaoa
from Ban Francisco to " Washington, y. C
and report to the chief of engineer* for duty.
Contract Burgeon Judu* M. Parnell, now at
Ban FrancUco. 1» relieved from fluty In the
Philippines and will report to ta; command-
Ins general of the department of California
for duty.
Contract Surgeon Stephen Wjrthe 1» re
lieved from duty at Angel Island and will pro
ceed to San Francisco, take a transport about
November 0 for Manila and report to the com
manding teneral of the Philippine* for duty.
First Lieutenant Fred E. Buchan, Third Cav
alry. Is detailed as acting Judge advocate of
the department of Mindanao, said appointment
to take effect upon the arrival of his regiment
In the Philippines.
Flrrt Lieutenant Rebert L» Rlcharda, as
sistant mirpeon. la detailed as member of tne
examining board at Vancouver barracks, vice
Contract Surgeon Melville A. Haye*~ relieved.
First-class Sergeant Harry S. Roblnaon,
signal cores, Benlcla barracks, will be sent to
the Presidio at Sari Franclseo and report to the
commanding officer, who will send him to Ma
nila about November ft for duty.
The orders of August 16 relating to Sergeant
Robert Rosbow and Corporal Edward J. Tracey.
troop H, Fourteenth Cavalry, are amended to
read "Preaidlo of Monterey" instead of "Pre
sidio of San Francisco."
Navy ordera — Paymaster 1 * Clerk R. J. Little
1b assigned to duty at the naval training sta
tion at San Francisco.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 28.
Strnr Deiuateh. Web«r. 88 houni from Co
lumbia Rlv«r. x
Schr Ida A. Beck. 5 hours from Point Reyes.
Stmr Norwood. Martin. 85 bours from San
Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BLAKELEY — Sailed Oct 26 — Bktn
Tjhalna. for Valparaiso.
ISLAND PORTS.
KAHULTJI— SaiIed Oct 21— Stmr Nrvadan,
for San Franclaco. \u25a0-. - v
Sailed Oct 28— Schr Allen A. for Grays
Harbor.
HlLO— Arrived Oot 26— Bark Amy Turner,
hence Oct 10.
\u25a0 \u25a0 ;. \u25a0 FOREIGN PORT. '
'HONGKONG — Arrived Oct 25 — Btmr Bhaw
mut. from Tacoma and Seattle via Yokohama,
Shanghai, etc.
YOKOHAMA — Balled Oct 23 — Stmr Labuan.
from Rangoon, etc. for Portland.
OCEAN •STEA.MERB.
DEPTFORD — Arrived Oct 26 — Stmr Mar
quette. from Philadelphia for Antwerp.
FAYAL — Arrived Oct 26 — Stmr Brooklyn,
from New York for Naplea and Genoa.
BREMEN— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Main,
from New York.
NAPLES — Arrived Oct 28 — Stmr Koenigea
Lutse, from New York, and sailed for Genoa.
CALLAO— Sailed Oct 23*— Stmr Condor, from
Tacoma. San Francisco, etc. for New York.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Oct 28 — Stmr Seaostrls,
from San Francisco. *
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Noor
dam. from Genoa and Palermo: stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg. Dover and Boulogne; stmr
Princess Irene, from Genca.
Sailed Oct 26 — Stmr Khein. from Bremen;
stmr Amerlka. for Hamburg, for Roma and
Naples; stmr La Bretagne, for Havre.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Korean,
from Boston.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oet 28— Stmr Baltic,
from New York; stmr Ottoman, from Portland;
stmr Englishman, from Montreal;
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Oct 23 — Btmr
Westernland. from Philadelphia for Liverpool
and proceeded. Oct 26 — Stmr Arabic, from
Boston for Liverpool and proceeded.'
Sailed Oct 26 — Stmr Cedrlc. for New York;
stmr Frleeland, for Philadelphia.
PALERMO— SaiIed Oct 24— Stmr Sicilian
Prince, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Oct 26— Btmr Kal
aer.Wllhelm 11. for New York.
MANCHESTER— Arrived Oct 2«— Stmr Cal
edonian, from Boston.
HAVRE— Arrived Oct 2«— Rtmr La. SavoU,
from New York.
TWT\ CALIFORNIA
H LIMITED
By- M^B J£q ~^° Chicago in Three Days,
\u25a0PKSSBsSMBbI Dbcr* and Sleeper.
Santa Fe Trains
7 30 A. M.I For Stockton, Merced. Fresno. Han-
8:00 P. M.V ford. Vlsalla. Bakerafleld and
J intermediate points.
9:30 A.M. — California Limited three daya to
Chicago, Mondays and Thursdays.
Direct connection to Grand Can-
• ' . yon.
9-30 A. M. — Valley Limited, for Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno. Hanford, Vlsalla and
BakersOeld .and -Points on the
Sierra Railway.
4:00 P.M.— For Btockton and Intermediate
points.^
8-00 P. M.— Overland . Express, for Chicago
Kansas City, Denver and Grand
Canyon. >.e*sia«*F6sH
TICKET OFFICES.
633 Market street. .:. ...San Francisco
Ferry Dep0t.. . ..................5an Francisco
1112 8r0adway.......... .......... .....Oakland
27, South First 5treet.'........... San Jose
jg»*pgßffl To SAN RAFAEL.
lilfiiSUll ROSS VALLE/.
Illililil MILL VALLEi",
Bffl^raH CAZADERO, Ecc.
}gy^^p^rcsSß^jfcJi Via Sauialito Ferry.
SUBURBAN* SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
t Depart- week days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept Sunday), 7:43, 8:25, 9:10. 0:50. ll:0O a.
m.; :i2:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:33. 5:13, 5:50. 6:30,
7 -IB," 9:00, * 10:15 and 11:33 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days — 7:45 a.- m.. -3:13 p.
m. \u25a0'« (Saturdays only), . 5:13 p. m. dally except
Saturday and Sunday; Sundays and holidays—
7-45 9:10, 11:00 a. m., 1:43 p. m. '\u25a0
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. ni. dally— Cazaaero and way stations.
\u25a0 \u25a0 8:15 P- m.': Eaturday* r only — For Cazadero.-
etc. ' \u25a0-,; '•'\u25a0\u25a0":" ' ' - . " ' /\u25a0 \u25a0
\u25a0 5:15 p. m. dally (except Saturday and Sun-
day) — For. "Point Reyes, etc.
, TICKET OFFICE— 63O Market st.
' FERRT-^-Unlon Depot, foot of Market st.
MT;TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave S. F. 9:50 a m I:<s t m
/""t'Wllliin Arrive S. F. 30-.45 A M 2:55, t:?.' ?M
H^lD SiTUMIT 05LT
Wgfcjgy Lv. S.F. 4:35 pm Ar. S. F. 11:25 pm
SUSDITS I3D UGlt E3UOITS
-^Br ' Lv. 5.F.8r25,9:50,11:00AM J.4SPM -
"Ar. S. F. 1:30, 2:55, 4:23, 6.-M pm
' nCBT 1 660 Market ST..(NorthShoreßailroad)
8f nOB I and Sausalito Fsxky. Foot Market SU
'. - - - \u25a0 -.-• - _\u0084.\u25a0-
_^ RAIIAVAY -TRATEL. \ nnn
Trains leave and *rm d«» t
/^ N^\ to arrive at -^
f^^^^\ SAN FRANCISCO.
I Vf°."^V / TSO* OCTOBS3 8. 13C4
y^^^^W/ Fxbsy Dipot
(Foot of Mariet Street)
UiTl- MAIN LINE. -ABMT»
7.00 a Elmlra, VacaTllle. Wlntera. Bnmaey 7^B^
7.00 a iacHmoad. Brnlcta, Sacrsaoeato,
Salsna and War Stations J.ZZP
740AVallcjo. Xapa, Callstoga. SaaU
\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 Kosa, Martinez. Saa Ramon 8.08* 1
7.4oa Xlles, Vleasantoa, LlTermore.
Tnwy, Lathrop, 5t0ckt0n........ 7^3^
B.ooa Shasta Express - ( V l .* V *t 1a ),
TVllliams, Willow*. tFrnto, Bed
BlnS. Portland. Tacoma. Seattle. /.43F
B.ooaDiwlh. \Toodland, KnlshtsLandaag.
MaryavUle, Orovllle.. •—-•?••" 7.4Zm
8.20 a Martinez, Antloch, Byron. Tracy.
Stocfctoa, Newman, Los Banoa,
Mendota. Armona, Htaford,. 4OJ(I
Vlaalta, Portenrlllo .••-•••••""l 4.480
•50APort Costa. Lathrop. Merced. Mo-
detto. Fresno. Hanford, Vlsalla,
Bakersfleld ••••• •• *\u25a0***
8.40 a JTUes, San Jose. LlTernaore. StocX-
ton (tMHton). Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, PlaeerjlUe.
Colfas. MaryiTllle. Red 81uff .... 4.08a>
B.4oa OaJcdale. Chinese. Jamestown. _
Sonora, Tuolnmne and Angels^. 4.08J
B.ooa Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 4.za»
B.4oa ßichmond, Port Costa. M artlne*
and "Way SUUons (tConcord) .... 1 6.43>»
1 0.20 a "VaUeJo, Dally. Napa, Sunday only 7.48^
tO.2OALos Angeles Paatenger —Port
Costa.Martlnea. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced.
Raymond, Fresno, Gothen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoora. Vlaalla,
Baiorifleld, Loa Angeles . ....... 7-08»
IO^OAKIPato, Kan»aa Ctty, St. Lonla and
Chicago. 'f"A!L"i" 7 ' mp
lIXOAThe Orerland Limited -Omaha.
Chicago. DenTer. Kansas City... 8.48*
11.40aS11c», San Joae and Way 6Utlons. 2-4|i»
tLOOPSacramentoßtrer Steamers tli.COf*
J.2OP Port Costa. M»rttnez i ßyron.TracT, ,
Modetto. Merced. Fresno..^..... 12.M f J
3.2oPTosemlte and Maripo*a Big Treea. • \u25a0«"
Monday, Wedneaday and Friday x 8.43 a
3.4oPBsn!cla, TTtatera, Sacramento. > ,
Woodland. Knlghta Landing.
MaryiTllie and Oro»tlle 10.49 a
s.4opHayward. 2f nes, and Way Stations 7.43P
4.ooPV»lleJo. Martinez. Baa Bamon» _
Napa. Callitoga, Santa Kosa A- 29 *
4.00P511ei. Tracy. Stockton. L0dL...... 1028 a
4.4oPHayward, Sllei. Irtlngton. San) tB.4§A
Joae, LlTermore. 1 til. 43a
5-OOPThe Owl Limited— Newman, Lot
Banos, Mendota, Fresno, Tularo,
Bakenfleld, Los Anireles 84 Ja
s.ooPChlcaso and St. Loul* Special— El
Paso, Kansas Ctty, St^Lonla and
Cnlcags s'ff*
tB.2opHayward, Nile* and San Joae 7.0« A
B.2opValleJo. Port Costa. Benlcla. Bnt-
snn, Sacramento 11.28 a
8-OOPEastern Exprett— Omaha, Chicago,
PenTer, Kansas City. St. Loula,
Martlnes. Stockton. Sacramento,
Reno. Sparks, Mont-110. Osdea .. 12.48*
6.2opnayward. Nile* and San Jose 9.43 a
, 7.ooPBeno Passenger— Port Costs, Be-
nlcla, Sulsnn. Elmlra, Dlxon.
Daxls, Sacramento. Sparks, TonO"
pah. Qoldfield and Keeler 7.C3A
7.ooPValleJo. Crockett and Way Sty
tlons, Sunday only 11<28A
B.2oPOregon & California Expr»«s— Bao-
ramento, MarysTllle, Reddtns.
Portland. Pagec Sound and last. 8 43a
S.OOpEayward. Nlles and San Josa (San-
day only) - tll-48A
COAST LINE (Narrow tlanye).
of Market Street.)
B.lsa Newark. CenterTllle. San Jose.
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cms and Way Stations 5-SSP
t2.lsPNewark, CenterTllle, 6an Joae,
New Alms den. LonGatoa, Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Craz and
Principal Way Station* t10.53*
4.lspNewwlc, Saa Jose, Los Gatot....] t j2;||*
B^SpHonters Trata— (Saturday only)
San Jom ami Way Statloni i7.59i»
COAST LINE (Broad uaoMi.
ty (Third and Townsend Street*.) *f..
6- 10a San Joseand W«y htatluna. 6.3 CV'
7 00a San Jose and Way Station v\ 54C*
B.ooaKow Almaden (Tues.. Fri.. only).. 4-10^
8-OQATho Coaster— San Jose. Salinas.
n San Ardo, Paso Robles, Banta
> Margarita. Saa Luis Obltpa,
Gnadalope, Gavleta, Santa Bar-
bars, Snn Buenaventura, Oxaard,
Burbank, Los Angeles 10.39'
B.ooAGtlroy, Hollltter. Pajsro, Cantro- ~
Tllle, Del Monte, Pacific Grovs.
Surf. Lorn doc 10-30»
6.ooa Ean Jose. Trea Plnos, WatsonTtUe.
Capltola, Santa Cruz. Paclfla
Grove. Salinas, San Lais Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations 4.1 Op
10-30a San Jose and Way Stations 1 .205»
11.30 a San Jose and Way Stations 7.4QP
2-1 5p San Jose and Way Stations. ' 8.33 a
3. 00P Del Monte Express— Santa Clara.
San Joae. WatsonTtUe. Santa
Cmx, Del Monte. Monterey
Paclflo GroTe 12.15*
t34)OPLos Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz, Tla Santa Clara and
KarrowGsage i 10.45 a
s.3oPSoath San Francisco, San Jose,
GUroy. Holllster, Treii Plnos 10.45 a
4.3OPSan Jose and Way Stations t7-Ssa J
tSXOPSanta Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos, t9-OPA
|s.3opSan Joae nndPrtnclpal Way Stations 19.40 a
s'4spSunset Express^ — Redwood, Saa
Jose, GUroy, Salinas, Paso . \u25a0
Robles, Ean Luis OMspo. Santa
' Barbara, Lo» Angeles. Deming;
- ElPaso, JTewOrleahs 9.10 a
8.45PE1 Paso. Kansas City, St. Lool3.
\u25a0Chlc-.igo^ 9.10 A
5-45pPaJaro, WatsonTllle. Capltola,
Santa Cruz. Castrovtlle, Del
Monte. Paclflc G rove 10-30?
tfi.ioPSan Mateo, Beresford, Belmont.
•* San Carloa. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto*. tS.4SA
6.3opSan Jose and Way Stations..... ... 8.35 a
8-OOp Palo Altoand \7ay Stations 10.15 a
11^0PS>u:h San Francisco, M!llbrae.Bu>
llngame, San Mateo, ~Belmdn£.
\u25a0 - Ean Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks, •*•* "• "V
MenloPark and Palo A1t0...:... 9.45*
1 1 .30P Saturdays only for May field. Mouc- - *.
tain View. Sunny Talc. Lawrence. \u25a0 /Xj
Santa Clara and San Jone t3.49^
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
(Foot of Market St.)
t 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 8.15 P.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
fSunday exceptcd. tSunday only.
eMonday only.
I Daily, and stops at all stations on Sunday.
ULIFORNIA MRTBWESTEBN RY. Ca
Tlbaroxt Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
S\y FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00 a. m.; 12: M. 8:30,
3:10. 6:30 o. m.
BUND ATS— B:OO. 9:30 a. m.: 12:33, 3:30. 8:10k
6:30 d. m. . _ , ...
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:OS. 7:83. 7:50, 9:20. a. m.:
12:.'.0. 3:40. 0:00. 6:20 d. m.
SUNDAYS— «:05.s:0O.<»:le. 9:40 a m.: 3:40.
4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:30 p. m. "
LeaT» . I In Effect I \u25a0 ArrlT*
Ean Fran. | Oct. 8. 1908. ( San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Deatlna- I Sun- I Week
' Day*. | days. | Uon. | days. | Daya.
7:30 a 8:0Oa 9:10a|3:4»*
9:00 a 9:30 a Lxnaclo. 10:40 a|10:20 a
8:3 Op 3:30p «:0Op.6:20»
6:10 p 5:10 p 7:30 p|
0:00 al I, :30 a I Napa. I S:l®*|S :1 ®*| 2 : i2»
B:lOpl B:10p| I 6:20 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a 19:10 a 8:40 a
* 8:00 a Norato. J10:4Oa 10:23 a
8:30 p 9:30 a PeUluma 6:05 p o:-0p
;8:10p 3:3o'p and 7:33p
j 5:10 p Santa Rosa. •
T-30a I 110:40 a 10:21 V
800 a| ' Fulton 7:30 p «:2<i
8:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg 10:40 a 10:23 a
Lytton
8-30 p 3-3 >p Geyservlll* 7:30 p 6*o 9
""-- Cloverdala
"7-30a| 8:00 al *\u25a0 HoDland 110:40 a|10:23 a
Sllopl 3:30 p| and Uklah { 7:30 pl 6:20 p
t I Wllllta and I I
7 :3aaj 8 :00 a| Sherwood | 7 :30 p| 6 :20 p
7-30 at 8:00 al ~" 110:40 a|10:23 a
8:30 Pi 3:30 PI OuerneTille \ 7:30 pi 6:20 a
7-30 a! 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al §:40a
5:10 Pl 5:10 PI Glan Ellen | 6:00 pl 6:20 g
T-30al 8:00 a ~ ' 1O:4O a 10:25 a
3 : 30- 3:SOp Sebastopol 7:30 p 6:20 p
6:10 p{ 3:10 P ' I"
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at -Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Borings and Mark West Springs: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Oeyservlllc for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
SDrtnss. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carts-
bad Sprines. Soda Bay. Lakesort. Bartlett
borings and Lake County Hot Springs; at
U klah for 7 Vichy Spring* Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. La - orel D«U Lake, Witter Sprlngj.
IToper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's^
Lierly's, Kullvllle, Orr's Hot Springs. Half-
way House, Comptche. Hopkins, Mendociaw
City Fort -ragg. W'estport and Usal; at Wll-
Uts 'for Hearst and Sawyers;. at Sherwood for
F« ; Eragg. Cahto.. Covelo. Laytonvllle, Cum-
mlnss. Bell* Springs. Harris. Kubbard, Fruit-
la !. Dyer. Garbervllle. Camp 6, Pepperwood.
tUcotia nd .ureka.
L.turday and Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. .
On • -day — Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond P.-ir. - Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. eiO Market st.. Chronicle build-
Ins ; ~
JAS. \GT.ER. R. X. RTAN. >
•Gen- Vinaarer . G«n. Pa»»- Art.
AA^eekly Galif
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAH.
» , **- i\u25a0 ii mi|i<TTr»iifHnimiiiimni » 'COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMUfARV- OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks rather lozver. Cotton declined.
<\u25a0 Money 3y 2 per. cent.
Local Financial quotations sJwzv no variation.
A r of much doing on the city stock and bond exclianges.
Wheat advancing under heavy buying iti the Est and Soutlnuest.
Minneapolis reporting a very large demand for Flour.
Barley higher. Oats, Corn and Beans unchanged.
Bay and river fogs keeping back supplies of Hay. , .
Bran market depressed by ilve recent enormous receipts.
Butter loafer. Eggs and Cliecse scarce and firm.
Cottolcnc marked down. Hams wak. Bacon firm.
Cattle, Shccf and Hogs in sufficient wpply and unchanged.
Most kinds of Pacific Codfish marked down.
Not much change in Poultry or Gamei
Potato market overloaded with common stock. Onions firm.
A Fruit market well supplied and quiet. ' /
Hide and Leather passes the dividend.
j Hldr and l.rathrr Dividend Passed.
A broker's wire from New York yesterday
•aid; - f -V . (\u25a0<?\u25a0•;;.'
"/'Hliie and Leather preferred passed the dlvi
£*cd. The fo'lowing statement was issued
*.ft«r the mfet'.r^g of the Hide and Leather di
rectors: Owing to the present high ruling
frioe of the raw material, which require*
considerable capital to operate the company. IV
«as the cense of the board that Lt is for. the
tett tntertei of the company to use the earn
:ns« In the cperatine of its business."
The Lumber Market.
Vhe West Co&ct Lumberman says of lumber
trade conditions: "It is somewhat difficult
to put a eorrset estimate on trade at this
lime, ti the car shortage Inject* 6uch an
uncertain factor. The situation is complicated
*nd'ju£t how much lumber and shingles would
be moving if cars could be obtained cannot
be known. Reverts irom all over the United
bULles indicate tht largest demand lor lumber
that the country fc*6 ever seen; but that is
10 be expected with increasing population and
t«-neral prosperity. Yellow tever in the south
U curtallii^ ifce shipments from quarantined
cjstricts, whiit will continue until the fail
timfia is practically over, 'ihtre is no doubt
bui what the condition Is forcing buyer* to the
cc«.st. Demand icr lumber in th« vVesl must
b* In excess of la&t ytar net far trom ol»
p*r cent. 1^ cars could be obtained there is
no doubt this et&tement would be verified.
Mills are thutUng dewu for want of cars.
*iiile. othcit. are curtailing their output. At
the came titr.e, however, seme mills that are
xavorably located for securing cars and ship
jlng by water, are running nlsht and day. It
it MUite prob&ble that the totai production will
•Jj^ei to the equivalent of a ten huurs' run
f*- all. Timf^ers, car material and specialty
c:3ers item to be the most pressing thouga
tinr demand for yard stock is strong. Humors
thst the price lin will be raised soon seem to
be unfathered, thouph no dcubt under present
conditions a |>remium could be obtained on the
prat-e list when prompt shipments can bt mad*.
There is no chaiige noted in foreign shipments.
I^cmesUc ctr^'jib are activ*. though with en
lntimtticn that they may be crowding • the
\u25a0...-.: :..n market a little. -
"It is generally conceded that the car short
age it aasisUnc: in maintaining the price en
sningles. It is noted tbal at the present time
that cars in transit are snapped up when of
fered but mail ordtrs are not co numerous.
There ere a great many shingles &t the milis.
and only a. fchut' duwn will save the m&rket.
Signs' cf weakness are reported from ilinne
• poiis. but in the Misouri River territory they
are ttrm."
EASTERN MARKETS.-
Sew York Money Market.
M£n rOBK. Oc-t. CC— Mcaey v n call. 3%®
Sper cent; cioeing bid, 3 : .i per cent; «ffered,
1 l<tr oent. Time monty ta*y; t<o and VO
<l*r», 4 l ii,^sp«-r-t.-ent; *ix tnontts. 4% per cent.
frtme n.ercant!le paper, "sQti per. cent.
•Sierimg' EichanKe strong with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4.56a5@4.87 for de
mand And *t *4..-:^;.^h.s3js for <50-day bills.
Posted rates, *4 S^j'a* 64 and $4 87 »4 67%.
Cwnmcrcifcl bills. f4 &3g4 83%.
liar silver, ta^c.
Mexican dollaia, 4Sc.
Government bonds steady. Railroad bonds
irregular.
»w York Mork Market.
NEVf YORK. Occ. 28.— The stock market
to-day showed the chilling effect in eentimmt
of the fr.hr.' break in price* which developed
. -it yes^ercay. There uere occAtlonal iso.ettd
pdiiis 01 ttr<;ngth, bat they were not erfecuve
w. any f.n.e a* an offset to the generally
~tVav>- tone. Weakness in the general iist wat
c>i acute, but tatre weie «ome conspicuous
ceclises && ««;i &s advances. The coaien
made a lurther dtiaor.stration of etrengrth, but
:r.e moveaie::t sbow«d t.c;;.- of ovcr-extenaiuu
fci-4 lost :tj Cpro* in the absence of any de
veiopaieat to eip.ain it. iiurnors co:.t;r.u. 1
I -:e - - iili-r.i of lurtHer consoiidaticn 01 the
i.:.'..M«..:tf interc*t_ but no authority was found
lor any 01 U.e reports in circulation. Tue
crowing d:Bpob.t!oi. v. exerc.se mere discriiu
i:.ation» in tne c-peituorts to advance inauetnal
ttock* waji enc,>urjtt»-u by lh« incident oi the
. i.?t.:. t of the vis.v. :;.; on American Hid«
.. ; \u25a0\u25a0! Leather preferred, a* wtil as by ths pool
showing of «arr.lr.gs reported yesterday toy
tte Coin frctiUct <A>mpaiiy. The leas^n waj
iL-i 4.:.:cti«c th&t > -•. . v in times cf n-cat
vrosperity all ir.dustrial enterprise* are not
Lound to secure the earne advantages. A spim
f* great conservutiEiu »as nuLßilested towurd
«ihe iron txd si«ei and railroad cquipinei'it in
\u25a0 •_-.!:\u25a0:.!. f. Ad Incitement Vj this >j>.rii v^i
the adi-ocitory • tone 01 the Cleveland Iron
, 'Jre.de review of "a real peril in the prefect
tendency \u25a0to ad-.antt prxtE." The president
of one of the x-r;ncipai car conttruction ccm-
I'diiu also i-*rr.e lorwasd with a flat Jtsceruoa
'icr publication that the demand for car equip-
Btt-r.l was beint •'exat'terateci and --was cal
culated to do Cb.rr.itst by t,t>mulating a r;te
ta it:e price o: nsatirlais." London waj a
teller to a r.otab:« extent in this market,
plincipaJly 00 accoun: cf th« u;.eiti:.e.-s ex
cited ' by the upheaval in Russia. The eaxne
lr flut-nce was a factor in the wheat market
«,nlng to the obstruction promised to tht move
:...: 1 ftC< Ibe liutf.cn cereal c-ropn. The pro
gress of. the \u25a0etUement on the Stock Ex
< hence in London fctld up the rate for can
money there. : The easy tone of money wu
matEtalced \u25a0in this market, but sterling ex
cfaanee rcade a further advance and expecta
t:on crew of an early announcement 01 gold
export*. With the subsidence of the mid
monthly tide of pension payment the cub
\u25a0r. if^rv nas also commenced again to witn
tfiw cash irom the New York money mar
ket. Tbese developments caused conic appre
hcnaicii of a renewal o; money stringency tit
tbe period of - the monthly c«tti«ment. The
pressure on the stock market mthered fore*
«tDd the clotir.g was weak at the lowest.
bcr.C- were irrtgular. Total sales, par value.
*2,435.C00. \u0084
UtiiUd States bondE were all uachar.ced on
\e«v York S'iock Llat.
K. 11. Hutton dt Co., 40* California etr*et,
taji Francisco. tKemtxrrs of the New York
Mock. Kxchar.fce. turnlEh the following ofnelai
quotations oi .fhat Kxchange: V:'-*.:i
"ealeTT STOCKS. iHighiLow.) Bid.| Ask.
..* ,Aaiiu:E Kxpree«..J { ;U3o j^jy
\u25a0JS,4U),.Ktr.Ai Copper 1 K4f 8i 83 . W 63%
AJii Bett tUKar... J ;j «S 25%
»...| Dt> pld :| 1 6W b5
. . ew.Ara Can Co j ll»i( 11%, 10% j ni,<
- «iM), Im p:d ....... 71%, 7114J 71 715»<
7,IW»;AU) Car & Kdrjj 41%! 41 | 4V\ 41
auu, L»o pid iioii«iii/i%jiui%;ioi«i
JAm Cotton 0H.. 1 i-.'*.--i 32%j 33
.......j 1» pid ...... .i-. :..;.-... 04 1100
.......JAm Dirt Tel • ,38 j39
... jAm F.xpre«« ...j ;225 J230
..-..;.., 'Am Orawj Twjne J fe% 9.
1.00&, AD» Hide A L..| 6%i \u25a0 6%| fl»4 «%
4.400 Do pfd I 81^1 29%j 21 31' i
- lO* Ana Linseed ...j IS (18 18 li>>;
..,.;-;. I>o pfd I i 40 40»4
47.7<>OjAm- Locomotive.l 71%| <JSU <J*»?4 65%
. 000 Do prd ..|lle*tjll6 116 116%
... (Am Ma1t". :...".. I ••••- 5 «
« lio pfd ...:...(....-! I 25»i 25%
...'.. *«• Am £melt & lici AZZ'-ji. VM ]U1 131%
l.SO^j Do Pfd IXI% 121%]121% 122%
6,2<X»,Anj Sugar 142% 141%j141% 14I«i
..'. Do pid 139 140
60O:Ara Su*l Fdrie* 13% 13 ,13 13%
1.000 do p;d ..:.-... 46% 4eu <c 46^
....... Am Tel A Tel 13« 139
I.Boo'Am Tob pfd 102% 102 102, 102 V
2.l<V.Um Woolen 42% 41«$ 41% 42%
' 2.000 Anaconda 120 ll»»i 118% 119
Ann Arbor I 82 87
•si... Do P f <l I " 5 »0
..Jt... AtlanUc C Linf.! 163 164
7JSOO AT & Kanta Fe dSU, 88 88 65%
SOO Do pfd 104^104 103% 104
7,4oo'Bait & Ohio 113% H2% 112% 112*;
100 Do Pfi 97% 98U
Bay Ftal« Ga* 3-16 V t
»6.»00B«T 77 75% 75% 75%
, ißrooklyn U Gas ] IIE2 ]190
ißruuswlck DJcI. I l*Ti! 15%
IButterlck Co I 52 i 62
iCmnada .Southern I 70% 1 1
9.lCOiCa.idian Pacinc.ll7l% l"0%|170% 1.0%
3.100' C & O n.157 66>A! 66>i 56%
C & A i 34 35
I Do pfd i 76 78 ;
C & E I 130 139
!c I& L p.'d....| I SO ICO
900 C & G W 1 21"il 21% 21% 21%
Do pfd A I I "5% 76
400 Do pfd B ! 35%; 34% 35% 1 35%
Do Debs I i 87% 88
6.2ot»iC & N W |224%,219%222 |222%
K.UOOic M & Et P....!151%j1«>0% 180% 180%
2COj Do pfd |ISS%;iBS% 167 189
23.800 CRI A P tnew)! 30%! 29% 30 30%
3,7001 Do pfd I 73% 72% 73% 73%
}c R I & P 4s. .| 82% 82%
200;Chlcago Term... 17 16% 17 18
Do cfd ..- 38% 40
200 Chic Un Trac... 11% 11% 11 11%
J Do pfd 41 43
200b CC4 Et L.. 101% 101% 101 101%
I Do ofd ...117 121
'cjeve Lor &VT 82 90
; Do pfd ..ICS
2.10C v Colo Fuel & I. 45% 44% 43 45%
........I Do pfd ,90 96
iCol Hock C & I 1 15T» 1« "
1.400 Colo South 28 27% 27% 27 T »
Do Ist ofd 62 62%
Do 2d pfd 43% 43"»
400 Cons Gas 153 1M 183 . IS4
2.eooCorn Products .. 14% 14 14 14%
500 i Do pfd 65 64*4164% 65
e.SOOjDeI & Hud 240% 236 i 286 237
P L & W U74 485
IOOiD & R G 34% .34% S3 34
100 Do pfd 87% 87% 87 SS
Dcs M St Ft D 16 21
JDet Un Ry 01 92
I N.'lifctroit So 42 43
) Do pfd 42 43'
! Diamond Match 141% 142
I 2,ooo,Dletil Securities. 47 45 45% 46
Do bonds S 80% 81
I Duluth SS & A 15 16
i 200! Do pfd 84% 34% 34% 38%
i 13,7O0;Erie 49 4S 48 48%
; 1.600 Do Ist pfd ... 81% 82 80% 81%
j 200! Do 2d pfd 72% 72% 71% 72
I |E & T H 72% 75%
f I Do pfd 85 95
j |Ft W & D C 72% 75%
I ;Gen Chemical 71 73
... Do pfd 100 107
j 4COG«n Electric . ..1 197% 185% 185% 187
800 Great Nor pfd.. 315 314 314 315
Green Cons Cop 26% 26%
.."...-.Havana Tbb Co 28 32
Do j>fd 3S 42
Hocking Valley 90% 92%
....... Do pfd :.'. . 02% 94 .
15.600 111 Central I 80& 178% 178% 178%'
Interboro 211 212
Inter Marine 13% 14 '
.......j Do pfd 38% 37
6,21i0:1nt Paper « 23 21% 21*4 22
2.7C0! Do pfd 81% SO* 80% 81
Inter Power .* 51% 52%
Inter Pump 28 30
Do pfd 81 85
lowa Cent 28 29
Do pfd : 57% 58%
Kanawha * Mch 35 38
....... XC Ft E&Mpfd 65% S« |
100 XC So ......... 25% 25 4 25 26 •
\u25a0700 Do pfd 66 55' 55 XVi I
X & Dcs M 14 17
Ladede Gas pfd »'' H'J !
(Lake Erie 34 |S7 i
(L E& W pfd j..... 95 97
17,800jLehIgn YalJey .. S3%| 81 SI 81%
..;Long Island ....j 1..... C 7 SO
S.SCOJL & N 153-i'151%
....... Mackay |. 16 j 46%
j\...... Do pfd. (..... 73% 1 74%
100 Manhattan 166%|165% 1C5%|167 \u25a0
B.9oojMet. Securities..) 7S |77 7S | 7SVi
29.200, Met St Ry iI23KU'-'<>% 121%i121%
2.SoO,yiex Central... 24% 22% Zi%\ 24
"Mir.n & St L 80 f 81
Do lsfpfd ;. 102 1105
I M StP & SSM.. 136%|135.
Do pfd 13«%|164
2,200, M0. Kan & Tex 32% 82% 32 132%
! i Do pfd j C 7%] 65%
I s.4oejMiseouri Pacific. [104% 102% 1C2%|10.{ .
I iNashXhat & StLj 146 150
7,600 National Lead ..I 47% 40% 47 47%
Do pfd ...1..: 1C5% 108
NatRR of M pfdl 36% CS
i Nat Biscuit j J 55 U Still !
I I Do pM .......j... 114% 115% i
! jN J Central j 232 '234% '
300N V Air Brake. 1159% 155% 155 ICO'
I 15,500!N V Central 153 151 151 151% j
lO&iN V C & Ft L...1 63% 53% 63%| 54%
Do Ist pfd ..J 1115 4120
1..-. Do 2d pfd S3 87
! IN V Dock I 25 27
400 IN V N H & H..J204 ;202%|203 204
I 3.400"N V Ont & W..| 55% 34'i| 54% 54%
4SoNorfolk & West. 87% SO% 8«Ii 87
I Do pfd 1 91 »3 I
I ;soo;Ncrth American.. 07 '97 07 «7% J
; .iNorth Securities 1 i |IK{ ' t >B4
3.ooo'North Pacific ...|204%|2Gl 204 20t% '
• l.OOOiOmsha \IOS ll»0- IRB 1102 1
...• 1 Do pfd ....'. ......hflrj- !200 -
|O.F L 4« 1..... .....I 97 i!7U
; (Paciflc Coast 1 ; ho.s 103
1 Do- Ist prd....i! ......103 103 .
I Do 2d pfd .! 104 jICS
3.4oo:Paciflc Mall | 50%) 40%f.49%| 60 -
29.000 Ptnn R R Co. ..1145W, 144%!144%1144%
4,2oo! Peoples Gos ... .104% 1104% i104- 104%
jP CC& St L..|...I| ...I 85 8S .
i Do pfd lOC' 112
7,3oo:Pressed Steel Car! 62 50% 50% 51
500 Do pfd ... 1101% 100% 100% 101
Pullman Car C 0.1 . .... *. 250 251%
12.200 Ry. Steel Spg* Co! 46 45% 49 J 4G>4
.1001 Do pfd |105 ICS 103 103%
90,500 Readlnr 127% 125%j125% i«(;
1.S00; Do Ist pfd...: 92% 92 91% 92%
JOOj Do 2d pfd ...'. »C% 96% fm 98
3,700 Rep S & I . 26% "25^ 25% 26
1.200[ Do pfd 96 95% 95% 95%
Rubber Goods 36% 38%
. JOCi Do pfd .105 105 104 100
300 S!o;t SSSt I Co. 71% ,71 71 71%
Do pfd 95% 05%
St J & G I 22 24-
Do 1« pfd.... C 2 65><.
...- 1 Do 2d pfd ]..... 31% 32%
Stl»&t?F lit ptd ::;--. ..... 89 -83Ui
800j Do 2.1 pfd ... «7% 6C% ,U7 67% i
100 St L A S W ... 23% 23% 2-1% 'JV}t
2CO Do pfd 60 00 59% 60W
36. 1001 Souther n Pac .. 71% 70*4 70% 70»i I
500) Do pfd liotf 119% UU 120:- !
45,7OOi Southern Ry ... 36% 30«.4 ZGU 36»i !
300 IX> pfd 33% 08% fiSi: eg^l •
Standard Oil ... ..-. 673 671 !
iKtaridard R & T..;.. . ,] i> .114!
6.7oOjTenn Coal &I. SS 87% 87$ '87% I
Texas, P LT Co . ..... 43U 46^, •
SOOjTexas Pacific ..33 35 33% 35
[Third Avenue 121% 125 I
iToledoK & TCo.. \u0084; 33U 34 \
JToledO St L & W ..;. 371 A ;isu '
Do sfd 67% 5<?% :
iTwin City R T 117 li7>4 i
Bag & P...'.. ..... 14 . 15' i
Do PM 81 82 i
SO. COO Urton Paciflc ... 134% 132% 1R2% VtiU !
Do P^d 95% 9>-
Do crtnv 4s 136 is<j
United Copper 33% 33*1
lOOiUnlted R -Of SF. 77. 77 76U 77
200 Do. pfd 91% 91% 81% 92
Do 4s SBV4 89
700 U 8 Cast Iron P 38% 37% 33 38%
100 Do pfd 96. 96 9(1 96%
....... V S Exprets 1.122 126'
....... U S Leather 14% 14%
100} Do pfa 115 115 114 U6
U 6 Realty & C..^:. . 87% 88
ICO'U S R & R CO. 29% 29% 28% 30
2001 Do Pfd ...:.. 6Stf 65% 6814 8a
I.6OC*U S Rubber ... 54 53 53 63%
5001 Do pfd ...... 110% 110% 110 110T6
62.8001U s3 Steel Cor .. 3«% 37% 37% 38
12.3f>0 Do pfd .. 1«5 104% 104% 101%
100 Va-Car Chem Co 32% 32% 32 33
400 Vo pfd 107% 107%]106 Ifr7>4
fiOOiWabash ...... 21% 21% 21% 21%
300 Do pfd ...... 41% 41% 41% 41%
Dodeb B« .. ...75% 76
.. Wells Fargo Ex. ..... . 230 235
100 Western Union;. 93 93 93' 93%
600 W«»tlnghouse :. . 174 172 170 172
.......I Do Ist pfd 180 195-
.JWILE... '.;. .r.V. ..... 17 17? i
....... -.Do l«t pfd \u0084. ..... ..... 38 42
....... Do 2d pfd, ... ..... ..... 24 25%
;rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; fFRID AY, OGTOBERf 27; 1905iJ^
Wisconsin Cen.. 30% 81
700 Do pfd .. 62% 61% 61% <j2%
....... Greene Gold ... ..... ..... 1% b
Allis Chalmers.. 20% 19% 19% 19%
....'...• Do pfd .: . 6O«i e»
2,300 Canton Co ...... 46 45% 45%' 45%
60C Do pfd 101% ICS
iPederal Steel . 115 120
| Do pfd 93 »6»il 97 U8
532,400-^-TotaJ shares sold.
J \u25a0 Xevr York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg..103 I Japan 6s, 2d ser. 08
Do coupon 103 |. Do 4%5. cert.. 91%
Do 3s reg 103%| Do 2d, series... 91%
Do c0up0n... ..10414; L^& N unified 48.104%
Do old 4s reg.lO4?i|Man con gold 4s. 108%
Do c0up0n... ..104%1 Mex Central 4a... 81 '
Do new 494 9 reg.lS3%j Do Ist inc.... 24%
Do coupon 134% ' Minn &,6t L 4s: 9tt%
Amer Tob 4s 76% M. X & Texaa 4«.101%
Do 6s 113% Do 2ds ........ 88%
Atch gen 4s 102 •;, KR of Mcx con 4s '83%
Do adj 4s 93 NYC gen 3%3.. 99%
Atlantic C L 4s.lol«i|N J C gen 65.. .'.134%
Bait fc-Ohlo 45. 103 INot Pacific 4s 105
Do 3%s 95% Do 3b ........88
BrooklynßT c 4s. WTi Nor & W con 45.101%
Central^of Ga 65.116 OS L refdg.4s... 97%
Do l«t me 96« i Pa cony 3%5;...1C6ii
Do 2d lno $2% Reading gen 45.. .102%
Do 3d lnc 76% S L & I M con 55.116
Ches & Ohio 4%5.108% 9 L i S F fg 4s. 89"-
Chi & Alton 3%5. 81 U St LS W con 4a. 83%
C. B & Q new 4s.lC2Vi Seaboard A L 45. -89%
C, R I & Pac 4s. 82%| So Pacific 40..... 96%
Do cor 5s 92% I Do Ist 4s, oert 97
CC.C & SLgn 4e.loa%'So Railway 55. ..120%
Colo Ind 6s. »r A 7514 Tex & Pac lets.. 125%
Do*ss, ser 8.. 7:J Tol, St L&W 4s 84%
Colo Midland 4s. 75 Union Pacific 4s. 115%
Colo & So 45... 94 Do cony 45.. ..135%
Cuba 6s 104% U S StCfcl 2d ss. 98%
Den & Rio G 4a.102 Wabaeh lets 118%
Diet Securities 5s SU% Do deb B ..... 75%
Erie prior Jiefi 45.101% Western Md 4a.. 87
Do gen 4s UIU W & L E rle 4s. 90%
Hock Val 4%5...311»4 Wi« -Central 45.. »6%
Japan 6s H'J •
Xow York Mininsr Stocks.
Adams Con ;... 25; Ontario .: I^o
Alice " 67iOphir 575
Breece 45| Phoenix 01
Bruns Con 43,P0t05l 13
Com Tunnel 08.! Savage 50
Con Va Mln Co. 1 70, Sierra Nevada :;0
Horn Silver 1 70 Small Hopes 30
Iron Silver ..... 3 OOj Standard 185
Lead vl He Con ... Cs|
Boston Stocks and Bond*.
Money— | Do pfd 104%
Call loans StfS'.V AVestlng Common. 66
Time loans 6®5% Mining-
Bonds — Adventure 9*
Atchlson is 102 Allouez 45%
Do adj 4« 98 Amal Copper .... 53%
Mcx Central 4s. 80 Amer Zinc 9
Railroads— Atlantic 20%
Atchlson SS% Bingham 31%
Do pfd 103% Calumet & Hecla.6Ss
Boston & Albany. 2s7 y Centennial 32
Boston Elev IJ"% Copper Range ... 74%
Fitchburg pfd... 142 Daly West 14
Mcx Central 23%|Dom Coal 78 '
N V, N H & H.2tM Franklin 18
Union Pacific ...132% Granby 8%
Miecellaneous — I Isle Royale ..... 25%
Amer Arge Cli«m 25 Mass Mining' ..'. 10%
Do pfd 93 Michigan ........ 14%
Amw Pneu Tube 6% Mohawk 58%
Amer Sugar 141% j North Butte 56%
Do pfd 139 I Old Dominion ... 30%
Amer Tel & Tel.l37%|Osc«ola 112
Amer Woolen ... 43 j Parrot 26%
Do pfd 104% Qulncy 105
Dom Iron & S.. 20 Shannon S'
Ed Elwrt 11ium. 249 Tamarack .......125
Gen Electric 156%| Trinity —
Mass Electric ... 13 | United Copper ... 33%
Do pfd 56 |U S Mining 35
Mass Gas 49% |u S Oil 10 !
United Fruit .107% Utah 46% \
Un Shoe Mach... 73 I Victoria t>%
Do pfd 31 % I Wlhona 10%
U S Steel..: 37% Wolverine 124
THE COPPER STOCKS.
BOSTON, Oct. 26.— Moderate activity con
tinued in our market to-day, with prices prac
tically unchanged. One house bought 2000
North Buttes this morning, which appeared to
clean up most of floating stocks. Copper
Range advanctd sharply on good buying, but
declined toward the close In sympathy with
the New York market.
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. BS%|N V Central. . .^.15«%
Do for acct.BB 7-lli;Nor & Western.. 89%
Anaconda 6%! Do pfd 95
Atchlson 90%,0 nt & "Western.. 6$
Do pfd .......107%] Pennsylvania V... 74%'
Bait & Ohio lOttUißand Mines 8
Can Pacific 176^i Reading 65
Ches & Ohio 58% Do Ist pfd 48
Chi Great West. 22 i Do 2d pfd 60
Chi, Mil & St. \u25a0 — ISo Railway . V 87%
De Beers ....*... 17%; Do pfd ...102
Den A Rio G... 34% So Pacific .73%
Do pfd 00 Union Pacific ....137%
Erie 60 Do pfd ....... VU9-
Do Ist pfd 83% U S Steel ./3«Uj
T>o 2d pfd..... 74% ii Do pfd. ....;... 107% ,
111 Central 184% i Wabash 22 |
Louis & Naah...lse ; >«! Do pfd 43
M, X & Texa-"... 3i%! Spanish 4s ...... 93 ~
Bar silver — Dull; 2&% d per ounce.
Money — i% per cent.
The rate of discount pi the open , market
for short bii;« is 4% per cent and for three
months' bills 4@4% per cent.. :
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— T0-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in _the general
fund chows: Available cash balances, $131.
594,600-..g01d coin and bullion, J75,730,302; gold
certificates, f42.&45,420.
Xew York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— COTTON— After the
wild excitement of yesterday the market quiet
ed down and developed a rather heavy tone on
scattered liquidation and some bear pressure.
News was rather mixed, but in the main was
disappointing- Wo the bulls. Calm considera
tion of census report seemed to place a more
bearish feeling, as about 1700 gins
failed to report. In addition to thls-the mar
ket seemed over bought and efforts to take
proflu brought more oiTerlngs than could
be absorbed except at a decline. .
Futures opened weak. October, " 10.40 c bid ;
November. 10.45 c; December, 10.54 c; January,
10.e2c ; February, 10.tt4c; March. . 10.75 c; April,
10.60 c bid; May, lO.fcoc; July. 10.00 c
Spot closed quiet. - Middling uplands 10.65 c;
middling aulf. 10.90 c; sales, 200 bales.
Xew- York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20,000; exports, 11,900 barrels. Firm and nom
inally hf-her.
WHEAT— Receipts, 1E0.300 bushrls; export-.
67.800 bushels. Spot, utrong; No. 2 red, Us%c
ele\ator and 9tiv»c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 09% c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Manitoba, 06% c f. O. b. afloat. Ex
cept for a slight midday reaction, due to
larger Argentine estimates and 'liberal North
western receipts, wheat was strong and high
all day, reaching new high level* and closing
£9&Q2%c above, the, previous night. Its In
fluences Were flrm cables, the Russian strike
news and big each demand/ broadening trade
and extensive covering. December. 94%@0(H;c,
cloeed 6(5>4c: May, a3 % ©55 %c, closed 95% c.
HOPS— Easy. .
HIDES ANP WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — Futures closed steadyN at a net
advance of 10 to 15 points. Total sales, 89,750
bags, including: December, at 6.40@(j.45c; Jan
uary. «.7O£jO.iioc; March. 6. 80® 6.60c ; May 7
©7.1W; July. 7.15@7.20c; August, 7.25 c, and
September, 7.35 c. ,
Spot — Rio, easy.' * No. . 7 ; invoice, 89£ c; mild,
dull; Cordm-a, 103>13c. .. .. -\u25a0
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining-, 2%@
2 15-16 c; centrifugal, 90 test. 3%®J>«.iCc; mo
latKes sugar, 2%©2 11-l(ic; refined, quiet;
crushed, 5.4t)c: powdered, '4.80 c. \u25a0-\u25a0',' \u25a0
nUTTEn-^Unciianged. •
cniEESE — Unrharctd. .
KGGS — Unchanged. " ' \u25a0 :
DRIED FRUITS. : :
EVAPORATED - APPLES— The market Is
without chs^se, with prices firmly held; com
mon to srcK-a are quoted at s@6Uc; nearby
prime. 7%sfSc, and prime, 8%c. ., ' .
PRUNES — Aie quiet^quotatlons rarg.ng irom
4%c to V'%c, according to grade. .. .
APIUCOTS — Arc raid to show an -advancing
tendency, in primary markets, ;tfcit the local
situation i» unchanged. Choice' are quoted
nt S^SOc; extra choice, i>lifiV%c, and lancy.
I'EACHES— Are still In very light \u25a0•: supply
and nrloes ore . \u25a0 somewhat nominal, Kxtra
choice are quoted at about 10c and fancy. 10&
©lie.-'' (SSasKHttKSßSraßWWSlMftei'****-
RAlSlNS— Jobbera are said to be refusing
to ooerate freely in raisins at present ; prices,
and the market ; apoear» somewhat unsettled.
Spot quotations are without "material change,
however, and rule steady. -Looce Muscatel are
quoted at 5T;@"Wc; weeded. 61i@S*ic,, and
London layers. *1 15©1 20. . '
JTevr York Metal ; Market.
NEW '. YOHK. Oct. . 2ti.— Tlio . London tin
market was about ss'.highers '. higher at '£l4B - 17b • Cd
for cpot ond £148 0s for, futures.'.: The * local
marktt, however, continued ; quiet at an ad
vance of about 10 points on the average to
$32 45i&32 75 for spot. ... _ , v .
v Copper wa» Irregular in London, ; closing at
£71 los for spot and. at p £70; 10s for < futures.
The local market was - unchanged. Lake is
quoted at $16 37^^18 75; electrolytic, |16 23®
10 62%. i and caetimc at $16^ 16 37H- "
Lead was unchanged at £14 ITs Win Lon
don and at $5 204; 5 40 for spot supplies \u25a0 In . the
local mmliii h li "I < ir nUiinWiiiiiiiliiiK iiiiiiiwiili
Spelter -was steady at $6 15® C 25 locally. - The
London market wae a shade lower at: £23 10s.
Iron was higher in the English market,'.clos
ing at 51p 3d for standard foundry and. at 53s
6d f or Cleveland warrants. - The , local i market
was firm. No., 1 foundry .; Northern* and' No.' 1'
foundry. Southern are quoted at $18 25Q 18 50;
Nk. - 2 ' foundry Northern : and •" No." - 2 foundry
Southern. $17 75018...
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Fnture Grain* and Provision*.
CHICAGO, .'Oct. i 26.'— With '. the markets - of
Europe all agitated over the \u25a0 critical '\u25a0 situation
in Russia, : the market for | wheat here "opened
amid marked excitement. • Clamorous \u25a0 covering
by . shorts was simultaneous" with ': a ; big. in
vestment demand. The result-was an unusual
buying demonstration. ; An" advance of ; l<gl >4 c
in the price 'of wheat at '; Liverpool • formed the
immediate - cause of the openlng-.furor.- Offer
ing* at first were . exceedingly meager, j and
consequently initial quotations showed radical
gains, the May option - being' up %c to/l%@
lJic at S9%c to 00>@00%c. December was up
%®?ic at BSV4c.to BS%c.;-For a. time trading
was at -almost white heat." Under cover or
the excitement there was heavy selling of _th#
December option by a leading long. THere was
also liberal selling by commission housqa^^n is
the market and caused some reaction in^rices.
arrested temporarily the bullish trend o£
December declining t6 88c. ". The price of the
May delivery, however, did ' not < recede . below
the" lowest price recorded at the opening. Cable
advices from Europe, \u25a0 regarding the situation
In Russia were extremely pessimistic. A dis
patch from Odessa stated that loading of grain
at that port had become exceedingly difficult,
owing to labor disturbances and the market
was greatly excited. This Information started
f rejh buying many of the early sellers being
anxious to reinstate lines. Much - of the later
demand was for the May delivery. '
As a result the premium" for May over De
cember advanced to over 2 cents, as against
l%c yesterday. In addition to the foreign sit
uation the domestic news was also quite
favorable to the bulls. Minneapolis reported
receipts from the country 1 very light. Demand
for Hour -in the Northwest was excellent. .The
close, was strong, wlfh final quotations on 'May
up 2 ! !ic at 91%@01%c. December closed l%c
higher at 89% c. . : _
The corn market was active and strong. De
cember closed %o up at 4696 c. . \u25a0
Sentiment in the oat market was bullish
and the volume of trading was large/ De
cember closed %c up at 30% c. •
Provisions were a trifle easier earlier, but a
steadier tone developed later. At the ; close
January pork- was up 2%@5c. Lard showed a
gain of 2%@5c. Ribs were a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
ilr!:. 2 : 88% 89% . W -89%
mT>* A....... 59% i 91% .89% 91%
Corn No. 2—2 — ,„,, .„,,
October ... 52 52Vi 52 52%
I^c (old)"/ 47 47% 46%: : 47>4
Dec (new) . 46% 46% 45? i 46%
May ;...'....: 45% 46% 45% 46%
W?.?! 0 :. 2 ". 81% 81% 31% Vn%
ir^H- Sis |>s
oSter PP ° rk '.P. Pe .16 b^" 16 05 16 00 16 00
January ".VvVVV.ia 42% 12 42% 12 35 12 42%
Lard, per 100 lbs — _ \u25a0 \u25a0
NtvemLr ••;.•.•:: i'm'; {'OVA 7*02% |7 07%
January- 680 680 6.5 680
Short Ribt. per 100 >ba— ' •„„ -.^
Ca«h Grain and Provision*.
rHTCAGO Oct 26. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour\ strong, prices advancing 2c;
No. 2 spring wheat. S7QS9%c; No. J, ; .«87c,
No 2 red, 88«?89%c; No. 2 corn, 53% c. No. -
yellow. 54%ffM%c; No. 2 oats. «09.c._>.0. -I
White 31iift31%c: No. 8 white. _JU%@3O%c.
No 2 rye 71@71%c: good feeding barley. 39c;
f.t to choice halting. 42S4dc; *. I Btt Mri.
72c: No. 1 Northwestera.,- 08c; J»ime timothy
seed S3 20- ihpm pork, per bbl, $16@1605,.
faraV rfrfooib.. $7 10;
$7 37%@T 50; short clear sides (boxed), $< Bjjb
e&l2V^ whUky. basis o£ high wines. ?1 SO;
flirSfcf "^ $13 Shipments
Flou" taTrel* «l.« 00 \u25a0 '-. 21., 00
\v»i»«t hii«hela 240,000. UO.oWW
v> neat. dusii<?io ... ,aa '. n^inn
firn hilßhPls 140.100 140, KHJ
Oats, bushels - 3 oS 3000
Rye. buahels o?,V& ' « 000
Barley, bushels 210.900 . 8,000
Butter, Cheeae and Kks».
CHICAGO. Oct. 26.— 0n the Produce Ex :
chanre to-day the butter market jf" firm.
Cr^eries. M&2tf *W l ££iB£B&£
flrm at mark, cases included. 19c: firsts.
prime, 23c; extras, 25c. Cheese, firm, 12@12%c.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Chicago.
CHICA.GO Oct. 26.— CATTLE— Receipts,
10/000 head.' Best 10c higher, others steady
Beeves, $3 60@6 40; cows » d^eUert M 15tf
4 50; stockers and * e « lc ' 1 »- e^ 2 o « 1 5ft ( ? 0: Tex "
ans JJ{ 40fi4 50; Westerns, $3 25@4 80.
HOGS— Receipts. 23.000 head; to-morrow
20.000 head. Market 6@loc lower. ; Mixed and
butchers. *4 80(&5 25; good heavy, 55 05® o
rough heavy.- W 50#4 80; liKht tl< ;s®s 25;
pigs $4 «Ofls 20; bulk of sales. $4 90@5 15
. SHEEP-Recelpts. \u008425.000 head
Fteady.' Sheep, S4<&s 90:"iambs, $4 is@i 75.
' Kansas City. I
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 26.— CATTLE — Re
ceipts. ll.OCd head. Market steady to strong,
f'ative steers- $-466; native cows, and heifers,
SI 75414 75- fctockers-and feeders. ?2 0034 25;
bVLlif. ?2®3: \u25a0\u25a0- calves. $2 50©6 60; Western
steirs $2 75©"4 50; Western cows,,s2®3 25.
HOGS — Receipts. 12.C00 head. Market 6@loc
lower. Bulk Of sales, $4 95«5; heavy. $4 95»
'. 5 05: packers, ?4 95@5 06; pigs and light,
1 SHEEP— Receipts. f«CCO head. Market 'strong.
i Muttons, H "s®t3; lambs, $5 75@7 75; range
wathers..S4 5C@«: fed ewes, $3 75@4 85. -
Omaha.
OMAHA: Oct. 26. — CATTLE — Receipts. 6200
head Market steady and lower. Native steers.
$4.fT5 85; cows and heifers. $2 Ss©4 30; West
ern steers $304 85; Texas steers, 52 75@t;
cows and heifers, $23tf'e0: cannenr. $175®
2 35- ftockera and feeders. $2 40^4 10; calves,
$3«?3 75- bulls and sta«s, $1 75©:J 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 5000 head. Market 5@10.i
lower. Heavy, $4 S0«5; mixed. 54 9C#* 93;
light, $4 95@5 05: pigs, ?4 40®5; bulk of sales,
V SHEEP— Receipts, SCCO head. Market steady.
Westerns,-. (5 15€G; wethers, $5&5 CO; ewes,
S4 75@u 15; lambs,; $7@7 45.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Forelcn . Future*.
LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat " . \u25a0 Dec. March.
Openlnl '"'lffi I °<$
Closing •• • ••••_• ;\u25a0; \u25a0 • 7 OOT s . « 00%
PARIS.
Wheat— - v , POlP 01 - Jan ;- A P r -
Opening .•-• £05 23^0
Clesing •"* " o - 3
Opting .;.. 32 05 31 SO
Closing ......... .•-.••: Sj co 31 40
St. 'Louts Wool Market.
ST LOUIS. Oct. 20,— WOOLr-Steady. Me
dium grade-K. combing and* clo..ilng. 28®31e:
light flne; 221? 27c; heavy fine. 19®23c; tub
waßhcd. 33(g42c..
XortJiern Whent Market.
OREGON. - ,
PORTLAND. Oct. .2B.— WHEAT— Club. 74c,
bluestcm. "CduT'c; valley. T-Jc.'
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. ' Oct. 20.— -WHEAT— Strong: de
onand sood for «-xport and prices %c higher;
77% c: club. 74% c; red, ,70% c.
Xortnern' Ilustnea.i.
PORTLAND. Oct. 2«. — Clearings, $727,701;
ba T a ACOMA! 4 O?t! 02C.-Clearlngs.0 2C.-Clearlngs. *sSB,SBs;"bal
alSEATTLE,°'oct. 26.— Clearings, $D 34,510; baI
""SPOKSe? Oct. 26:-<nearings. $608,609 ;
halahces. $64.533."
LOCAL MARKETS.
Excbansre and ' Bullion.
:-:"M-Ak local.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. - 04 83£
Sterling Exchange. , sight . - #4 S. H
Sterling Exchange., cables^.. — g* 83V4
Vow York Exchange.; eight:.... — -0 <M
Xcw York Exchange.,: telegraphic — J®. C 5 ;
Silver Der ounce. ; 6.»«@ —
Mexlckn Dollars, nominal ...... — <g>- 47*4
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris, ...f .5.16%
New York on Mexico..... ......202
Paris on .London 2u ..15%
Berlin on -London • • • .. . . >; 20.4«%
Wheat', nnd Other : Grains.
WHEAT — Chicago !.* advanced I%c- on v great
activity among buyers the Northwest ; and
Southwest an advance In futures at Liverpool
and* cables that the German- crop had ; b«en
damaged. '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 It- was ; stated that the ; demand for
Flour at Minneapolis was. Immense and that
1 COO 000 barrels had ' ; been .'sold there during
the past twenty-four hours. A wire from Min
neapolis said that Winnipeg was a good; buyer
of Wheat in that market and that the millers
were grabbing all the cash Wheat in fclght.
The Chicago- Record-H-erald ., said : ..."All of
Texas with "its 4,000.000 people, is ; out of
Wheat and 1b chewing ; on the . Kansas crop at
a creat rate.: : Mexico > will -be J : in -'-the - market
this -year <f0r, '15.000,000 bushels of -..Wheat ' and
Is likely <to : come'; up and'^ clean * out ; Kansas
City's ' supply, any * day." . '. . \u25a0-.-\u25a0 ;-.--..-' .. \u25a0
In this' market futures were 2%c higher in
eympathy : with Chicago, with the shorts cov
ering and sellers tcarce.v Th«. cash ; Wheat was
also 2%c higher, all 1 around.'
CASH, WHEAT.
"California Club, $1 42%@1 47%: California
White Australian. $1 52% @1. 67%; lower grades
of California Wheat. $1 17%«8!1 32% ; Northern
Club, spot, v tt 42% 01 45; Northern :Blue«tem,
$1 47%®1 50; Northern Red; $1350137%. .
->^V \u25a0 ." FUTURES., - V.' ? : "\u25a0•:•; >'.
- ; . Session 9 to 11 :30 a-m.;- ,
•. •' Open. ','- ~L High. -.". 'Low." "Close.
December ...$1 42% f1.44-% $1 42% |1 43%
May v ; -"':- 1 *7^ ; V" i: *89i ; :'i1:*7% 4^1;48:- ;
\u25a0 1 2 p. , m.-. Session.": \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. '\u25a0\u25a0'-. \u25a0'\u25a0' v
r \u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0 Open.\-'." High. \u25a0-•'* Low. >V ; Cloie.'
becemberV'.;.H,43% $I'43M\ $1 43% isl 43%'
May/..:.r.."".-.1 ! .48%;-'?l 48% . 1 ,48% '• •.148&'
~J BARLEY — The " market , was very strong ye«-;
terday, ' with both cash grain ' and futures .high
er. Some holders advanced their asking prices
to $1 18? i.: but 'made n* sales, .i Offerings were
moderate and buyers^ were picklngiup, the low
er and - medium grades in \u25a0: preference to the
choice • brlgh l. '? There were some ' sales 'of No.
1 Feed, at* sl 16U- - I -". ' . .-."-.-\u25a0 -
X 1* .". CASH BARLEY.
Feed," $tJ2*i@l 15 for common and $1 16U@
1 17% for good to' choice;. new- Brewing, $1 18%
®V 20; • C>.evaller, : *1 17%.c 1 32& \u25a0 per. cU. •
./ -.-. FUTURES.
/ ".Session 9to 11:30 a. m. -
/ • Owen. High.' . Low. Close.
Dc/ember \u0084.$1 17 $1-17^*1 1" '$1 1"U
llCy ..:..... 1 20% 121 1 20% 1 20%
'.!..' 2p. m. Session. - '.
\u25a0\ '\u25a0 .'. \u25a0 Open. High. Low. Close.
December .'..sl =17 $1 17%. ?1 16% . $1.17«
May ...:.-...- 1 20?4 1 20$; 1 20% 1 20%
OATS— Are /steadily held but. quiet. Offer-
Ings continue sufficient for all needs.
Ked. U 35@1 50 for choice. *1 -6'tfl 32% for
fair .to good and .' $1 15@1 22% for common;
Black. . $1 50@l 75 for , good to choice for seed
and down to $1 25 . for ordinary feed ; ; White,
$1 35<j1l 47y. ; Grays ' nominal.
CORN — Continues ea*y, though quotations
are "now lower." '
Western sucked, $1 40@l 42% for> ; Teliow,
$1 32% for- White and $1 35@1 40 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, nominal; email round
do, si Go@l 05; -White, nominal; Egyptian.
$1 40©l 5u for White- and $1 36@1 40 for
Brown. - " . \u0084 .'
RYE— $l 42%@1 52% " per ctl. s ; The ln»id«
quotation la for Eastern.
BUCKWHEAT— SI7C(3 2 25 per ctl.
Flour and Farinaceons Goods.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, %l 80©
6 10, usual terms;' Bakers' Extras, $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, -*3 75@4 25 per bbl
FARINACEOUS GOODS — Prices in packages
are as follow.": Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour, ft 76; Rye Meal. ?3 50; Rle«
Flour. $8; -Corn' Meal. $2 75; extra Cream io,
$3 76; Oat Meal, $4 50&4 75 : Oat Groatt. Si 78;
Hominy, $3 75@4; Buokwheat Flour, $4 10#
4 75- Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina. $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbK
%~eS; In sacks, »B 50@7 50; fearl Barley, {<];
Split Peaa. boxes, 55 50;' Green Peas. $5 50 per
ioo lbs. - . -•\u25a0• \u25a0 .f&mmk&mhm
Hay and Feedstuff*.
It.will become days before the Bran mar
ket recovers from the shock given •' It by the
arrival of the 40,700 sacks on Wednesday.
There were additional arrivals from Oregon
yesterday of 42t>0 sacks. Prices shaded off
again. , . \u25a0
Arrivals of Hay yesterday were only 90 tens.
Fogs- are delaying r arrivals by water, and
some dealers Mave had boats with Hay aboard
out for sevtral 'days. This, with the scarcity
of cars, Is cutting down the dally receipts
to 'almost nothing and has set , consumere to
economizing until the regular current of ar
rivals Is re-established. Prices thow no
change. v \u25a0 . - \u25a0 . .
BRAN-$21©22 per ton. . . . .
MIDDLINGS— S27 60529 per ton. -\u25a0- V;>-
SHORTS— S2I©22 per ton. v
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley," $24025;
Cocoanut Cake" at mill. $20 CU: jobbing,
$21- Cocoanut Mtal at mill. $20 50: jobbing,
$21: Corn Meal, $30@30 50; Cracked Corn.
$30 50^31: Mixed Feed, $23®24; Honse
Beans. J304540 per ton; Broom porn Feed, 90c
per ctl; Calfalfa Meal, carload 'lots, $21; job
bing, $22 50 per ton; Mealfalfa, $1S in car lon
and $20 for smaller quantities.
HAY— Wheat, $11 50®16 50; Wheat and Oat.
$11015 50; Oat, *S9#l3 50; Barley and Oat. $">ti;
12- Barley, $SS11; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7&11;
etable. ,soigB; stock". 5557; Alfalfa, $t» 50<&tf 50
per ton.
/ STRAW— 3O^ 30c per bale.
. \u2666
Bean* and Seeds.
Arrivals of Beans were 13,515 sacks, making
49,16(5 sa,cke thus . far this week. The market
continues unsettled and ruled by previous con
ditions. . " " '.:<.
BEANS— Bayoe, $3 50<g3 75; Pea, $3 2S@o 75;
Butter,' J3 50; smalls White, $3@3 10; lar^e
White. $2<g2 25; Pink, Jl 75®2; Red, fJ@3 75;
Lima, here, $3 4P@3 50; Mcd Kidneys, $.{ ZOty
4- Blackeyes, f4 40®4 30 per ctl; \u25a0 Hone
Beans. *1 75@1 85.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $4 50® 4 75; Yellow,
Mustard, $3 60@3 75; Flaxseed, nominal; Ca
nary 6U@6%c; Alfalfa. 12c; Rape. 2@2V«c;
Timothy, 6%c: Hemp, 3%c per lb; Millet. 2%
(ffaiic- Broom Corn Seed. $20<g21 per ton.
' DRIED PEAS— NIU«, $1 73@2 10; Green
P€ae, *1 60®2. • -"-' '
Potatoes, Onions and Veiretablea.
' There \u25a0 was a continued brisk demand for
fancy offerings of Potatoes and prices of such
were quite firm, but there was no improve
ment In ordinary river stock, which was piled
high on the wharves awaiting, • buyers; A
straight carload of flne Oregon - Burbanks came
In and was quickly closed out at the flat rate
of $110 per» cental. Sweet Potatoes were
taaler.'Wlth three carloads on the market. /Jft
ions were firmly held and moat handlers were
expecting a higher range" of prices. \u25a0 . .
Changes- In Vegetables were slight. Supplies
of most descriptions were \u25a0 plentiful, but trade
was brisk and Choice stock found a' ready out
let at flrm prices.
POTATOES — River Whites. 40@65c per cts;
Salinas Burbanks, - $I@l 30 per ctl; Sweet
Potatoes, Merced, $1 -s@l 35 per ctl; river,
Sscijsl per'etL ~— " •- - ';—; —
ONIONS— YeIIow, 00c@$l per ctl. \u25a0 '
VEGETABLE'S — Green -Peas. &&5%c per -lb;
String, and Wax \u25a0Beans.'. 4©6 c \u25a0 .... per : . lb;
Lima •Bt ane/ • 3%@5c - per lb; Tomatoes,
40cis$l per Jx>x;.-, Summer \u25a0 Squash,- $I@l 50,
per box: Cucumbers, 75c®$l 23 "per box; :Cab
bage, 50c per ctl; 'Carrots, 50@'<}0c per sack;
Garlic, 5%@6c per lb; Egg Plant, • 40@50c ier
box; Green 'Peppers,' 4fl@iisc per box;* Green
Okra, Cs@7sc-ptr box: Marrowfat Squash. $7 50
©10 per ton; Hubbard Squash. ?10f 1 12 50 per
ton. \u25a0 ,
Poultry and Game.
.Three cars •- of Western "Poultry. , including
one which came In to a retail firm, were on
the market./ making four cars . handled ; thus
far this week. Large young Chickens were In
clined to easiness," the proportion jof such.i n
the receli ts from the West and domestic points
being large. Broilers and Fryers are very
firm, tie there are few arriving. Game was
In good supply, but steady. Sprig and Teal
Ducks found the most* favor with buyers and
were higher.
' POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 18®22c per lb;
Geese, per palr,.s $2: Goslings, $2 23@2 50;
Ducks, $3 500* per dozen for old mnd $4 So^>
J> 50 for young; Hens. 4>4@"l 50 for small and
$6®7 for large: young Roosters. $a@s ."0; oM
Roontere, $4 50-35: Fryers. $4@4 50; Broilers,
$3 5C®4; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50; Squabs. $2@2 25
GAME — Per dozen — Mallard Ducks., j: .10®
4 50- Canvasback. ?3<gtf; Sprisr. $3@4 50; Gray
Ducks $2 30; Teal, $2 5C@3: Ked H'.ads,*2 £0;
AVtdce'on, $2 50; small Ducks. 51 s<Xgl 75; Gray
Geeae *2<gy; White Geese, $;©1 50; Brant, $1"
for large and $1 30 Tor small; Hare, '$!;\u25a0'Cot
tontail Rabbits. $2 50: Brush Rabbits, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and lOksts-
The weakness -. In Butter | was .more \u0084 pro
nounced on the exchange" yesterday morning,
and .under 'free .offerings, .with buyers still
holding off, the market declined 'again. . .Thb
marker on ; the street "was equally slow and
weak. Chceee continued flrm. with sales at
previous: prices. Fine, ranch Eggs held stffly
up to- -*&c» : with the market; bare, of \u25a0 supplies,
butHhe lower grades were 'weak. ,
. Owing to the , extreme -scarcity of .fine ranch
'Eggs ' at i. the \u25a0 moment • the directors of • the ' ex
change yesterday reduced , the minimum at
which sales could be made from 10 cases -to 5
until further. notice.
' Sale* were as follows:- \u25a0 •„ •'
Butter — 10 half boxes California fresh. extra,
30c: 10 hB lf boxes :do, 29c. -Offfrs to sell fo.
to-day's delivery at 2S%c met with no buyers.
Eggs — 5 cases selected California fresh, 40c;
100 cases selected California storage, 26% c:
150 cases No. 2 'Eastern storage, 2Cc, seller 3.
, cheese— so fancy. California new, 13% c; '50
fancy California' storage, 12% c."
Receipts were 28,300 lbs Butter, 28,300 lbs
Cheese andi ss7 -casee. Eggs. .
DAIRY EXCHANGE -OFFICIAL . QUOTA
\u25a0- - \u25a0,\u25a0 ,>' * \u0084 .'\u25a0.TI-O^S* , . \u25a0 '."
• (Xote.— The 1 - Exchange -. quotations . represent
whole*al« " prices ac established •by , sales, bid*
and offer* on the Exchange; " Price* for Butter
and Brffsand the street are governed -by th«
i3xchanjre : - qi^jtatlons,; but.: generally .; range
about lc hljfher, owing to .'the jobbing char
acter .or the business, free deliveries, j long
credits. - etc.) >'-' '.'"..
BUTTER — Fresh — California extras. 29Vic,
weak; firsts, 2"<v weak:: seconds.- 24@25c. wenk.
Eastern extras — 24 %c; .firsts. 23 We. Eastern La
dles—Extras. 20c; flrsifl., 19c. : Storage . goods—
California extras. \u25a0' 24»^c.', eteady 1 ; firsts,' '23c;
Eastern firsts,- Me.'. Ladles— Extras. 20c, nrrn;
firsts, 19%e, steady. -;,-: --.:
- EGOS — Fresh — California , selected. - 49c, firm;
firsts, 44c; weak ; . seconds. . 40@42 I ,£c, weak ;
thirds. • 20@27c,' weak ; store,' notnlnal. „ Eastern
Selected, • 27 He. '.firm; firsts, = 24c; seconds, 20c.
Storage — California selected," 28 I ,£o firsts. 24Hc;
xecondis, 23HC i California etore-^Seleoted, 2*c;
firsts • 23c; Eastern selected, 25c; firsts.: 23®l'lc
CmEESB— New —~. California •• .* fancy,- 13\ic,
firm; firsts, l^Vic.^flmi; seconds.: ny,@V2c.
firm Young- .Americas. . fancy. rile, : firm; other
grades/ 12 W@13^ac. : Storage— California fancy.
12Uc' Eastern — Cheddars,-- 15Hc, - firm;, flats;
16c -Western— Cheddars. He: , twins.- 14Vie.
Deciduous and .'Citrus Frnit*.
There were; continued heavy receipts of table
Grapes ."and '-•with -most of 'Wednesday's belated
arrivals 011 hand* that 'department -of 'the mar
ket " was : weak, ' with * trade rather - quiet: » The
quotations \u25a0 were ' no .lower,' but - some > large re
ceivers " were \u25a0 obliged ? to < ehade i prices £ In , order
to "' effect < clearances of 6mall ; packages : toward
the close. '* in *• the ; Apple ; market ikncy \u25a0 stock .
\u25a0wag *in ' good 1 demand at Bteady." pTlce»,\- while
trashy stock wa» neglected. >-The --other orchard
fruits i- were , tirm at about previous ' prices,
with f the exception of Figs, which i were in In
creased supply. \u25a0' and : the quotatlor.e had a wide
rangeias tositeof package. -Cantaloupes and
Nutmeg : Melons were ' mostly ; green • anb> met
with 'a- sluggish.' demand^ at*, irregular .rates.
Berries were j steady, the supply .being Just
about' sufficient .for requlrement«.»ln the Citrus
line \u25a0 Grape '\u25a0• Fruit ?\u25a0 and -Valencia . Oranges .were
closely ; cleaned . up \u25a0 and firm ; prices l were ask'd
for *. what * little atock -was • offering. «: \u25a0 Lemons
were l Hteady,*; with ; stocks : moderate, while Mex
ican" Limes " were * plentiful \ and j weak; ,-'A "con-"
signment ', of 11891 189 boxes of , new s crop , Navel Or
anges J came *in j from • -Tulare ... County,- and ;' one
box of the «atne >variety; appeared from Porte'r-
vllle.'*;';The v fruit \ was ' rather smal 1 and * green
and nY sales were reported up to,k late.hour.-
':' STRAWBERRIES — Per chest— Longworths,
$7gS; large, varieties, $4@5; Santa Clara Ber
ries. $6®S. : : - - . ;
RASPBERRIES— Per cheat. $*©10. • ••
; BLACICBERRIES— NominaI. „ "
HUCKLEBERRIES— IOc per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, |S@lo 50..per
bbl; Oregon. $3 25 per box. -
APPLES— S3cC?SI per box for fancy and 409
75c for common to choice.. -
PEARS— Bartlett. nominal; Winter Netlls.
*1.25@1 50 per box; other varieties. 75c©|l -3
per box. :..'•- ' . • -
PLUMS-Tsc«|lper box or crate. ... -
POMEGRANATES— 7BcSSI for email and
\u25a0 $1 25®2 for large boxes. :
PERSIMMONS — »Vc©sl 15 per box.
FlGS— 3oc@sl for small and #1 75 for large
boxes. . \ -
QUINCES— 7Sc@JI per box.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, 75c@$l 50 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 40c@$l per box; "Watermelons.
, $I@2 per dozen. \u25a0••-.-
GRAPES— SmaII package3-<-Muscat. 40©75 c:
Black. 30@f0c; Tokay. 4C©7sc; I?ab«Ua. H®
1 25: Cornichon. TSSOOc: Vcrdel. sO@6fia Lanco
bcxes-^Black. Tsc<gsl; Tokay. 60@00c; Muscat.
75c#$l 25; Cornlcbon. $I@l 25; Wine Grapes,
nominal.' • ...
CITRUS AND TROPICAL. FRUlTS—Or
anges Valenclas. |3@5 per box; Navels Early
Bloom). $464 25; Lemons. : $2©3 50; Grape
Fruit, $3@5; Mexican Limes, |4 per case; Ba
nanas. Hawaiian.^ Jl 50®2 5O per bunch; Cen
tral American. $2@3 per bttnch; Pineapples.
$2&3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Xutn, Rnlaina nnd Hoary
' The continues quiet, with the situa
tion as before 'stated. >
FRUITS— ADricots, 7UOIOc for Royals and
8%C12c for Moorparks; Peaches. 8c for stand
ards, S%c for. choice. 9c. for extra choice and
9%@10c for fancy; Pears, 7%®12%c; Nectar
ine/, 7%®S%c for white and IM&i^c for Red;
Plums, pitted, 6©7 c for Black. 7®«c for Red \u25a0
and 7@9c for Yellow; Silver Prunes. 7«tS%c:
Evaporated Apples; 7©S%c; sun-dried, per
lb;',Flge, boxes, '50c for choice; 65c for extrj
choice and 60©t>5c for fancy; bulk white, 2%Q
4c per lb; black. 2%j?3c.
PRUNES — New crop Prunes, . 3 %©4e basis
for the four ,aizes (60-100) and 4@4Vic basU
f or . the . large and small sizes.
1 RAISINS — Loose, 4-crdwn. 6%c per lb; 3
crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c. Seeded Raisins —
Fancy. 16 ounces, 7Uc; fancy, 12 ounce*. sftc;
choice.'. 16 ounces. 1c; choice, 12 ounces. 5%c;
Imperial Clusters. $3 per 20-lb box; Dehesas.
$2 50;= fancy. $2; 3-crown London Layers.
$1 50; 2-crown, $1 40; seedless standard loose
Muscatels. 3%c; same • floated. 3%c; seedleaa
Sultanas, 4®6c; Thompsons. 6%c: bleached
fancy, 9@10%c; bulk choice. 8c; standard. 70.
NUTS — Almonds: Nonpareils, 13%@14c; I X
L 12%@13c; Ne Plus Ultra. 12@12%c; Drakes.
ll%c and Languedoc. 10%©llc; New Walnuts.
No. 1 soXtshell, 13c; No. 2, 9c; No. 1 hardshell.
12% c; No. 2, S%c; Peanuts, 6<g«7c for Eastern;
Pecans, 11013 c; Cocoanuts. $4'-60@5; Chest
nuts. 10©12% c per lb. ::,Tij :.\u25a0<:
HONEY — Comb. 10%®11%c for white and j
BSJIOc for amberr- water white extracted. tf<9
6Vic; white, 4%©5% c; amber.- 4@4%c; dark,
—1—- Hawaiian, 2%c for extracted.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Provisions.
Cottolene is lower. Some houses are- cut
ting Hams slightly. Bacon .continues firm
under light supplies. Otherwise there is noth- j
ing new. • ; \u25a0 ... i
CUHED MEATS — Bacon, 12% c per lb for
heavy 12% c for light medium, 13%©14 c iot
l'ght '14^14^0 for extra light and 16% c
for sugar-cured; dry Salt Sides. 10%©llc; Bel
lies ' 12c- Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 15c:
California Hams.- l-'%c; Mess B*ef. $3 30
per bbl; extra Mess. $10; Family. $11: prime
Mess Pork. «14- extra clear. $19 60; Mess,
$17 50: Pig Pork". $22; Pigs 1 Feet. $5: Smoked
Beef 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces .quoted at 6%c per lb for
California Compound. 7@7%c for Eastern com
round and 9%c for pure; half barrels, pure.
9%c; 10-lb tins. 10% c; 5-lb tins. 10% c; 3-lb
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8c; . "tltree
half barrels, 7!ic; one tierce. 7%c; two tierces, |
7%c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hide*. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Conditions in all markets under this head
remain' as before stated.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls, and brands «ell
about *s.@lc under quotations. . Heavy Salted
Steers, "12% c; medium.. . 12c; light. ll%c;
Cow Hides. ll%c for heavy and ll%c for
Hfeht- Stags. B%c; Salted Kip. ll%c; Salted
Veal 13c^Salted Calf. 13% c; dry Hides. 2CJJ
•"•lc- dry Kip. 17@18c; dry Calf. 22c: Sheepsktns.
shearlings . 25©«0c each: short Wool. sC®flOc
each; medium. 9<k#sl 25: long Wool. »1 25®2:
Horse Hides, salt. $3@3 25 for large and $2 73
for medium, $2 25 for small and 50c for Colts:
Horse Hides, dry. $2®2 25 for large and $1 75
for medium, $1 50 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 31c; dry salted
Mexican 25c; dry Central American. 27c. G»v»t
skin*— Prime Angoras, 75c; txtra large do.
$1 25: large. SOgCOc: medium. 35@40c; small.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c in barrels;
in cans and drums, J*c less; No. 2. 3e3%c;
Grease, 252% c. -. .-\u25a0\u25a0
WOOL— Fall clip — Northern, free. 15@17c;
do defective. 12©14e: Middle County, free. 15®
17c- do, defective. 12®14c: San Joaquln and
Southtrn. lC®i:{c: San Joaquln Lambs'. 14©
iec- do. , defective. W?l2e per lb. -• — \u25a0 - -
HOPS-^lBO4 -crop. ll&13c; .1903^ crop. ll®l3c
per ID. , - - .' *- \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . .
Meat Market.
The butchers and packer* . report sufficient
supplies of everything, ' with quotations un
ohange . dresSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: .-".'--
BEEF-'s®s%e for Steers and 485 c per lb
fO VEAL^-Large. s«a%c: small. s%©Be per lb.
- MUTTON— Wethers. . S%s9c; Ewes. bS9c
LAMB— 9©loc' perlb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7CB%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 40©
45 -per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
\u25a0 CATTLE— Steers. 5%®3%c; Cow« and Heif
ers, 4%©5 c. . \u25a0-•..".';\u25a0'.
CALVES— S%©4c per lb (grow weight).
SHBEP — Wethers. 3%&3% c: Ewes, 3S3fic
per lb (gross weight). .
LAMBS— ? 2 75®3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hoge. 130 to 250 lbs. 5%c;
over 250 lbs. 5%c; under 130 lbs. s«ic;
Feeders, nominal; Sow*. 20 per cent off; Boars,
50 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent oft from
abova quotations. -. : . \u0084-',
General Merchandise.
BAGS — The season for Fruit Bags is about
over. Grain Bags, 7Uc spot and «c for buyer
June-July. 1908; Wool Bags. 30©33 c; small
lots 31@04c; Fleece Twfne, 7%c. • -
COAL— Wellington. ?S per ton; New Wel
lington $S; Stattle, $G 50: Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50 : " RosljTi. f»; Coos Bay. »5 50;
Richmond^ %S: Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite E?g.
$14- Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13r^ Welsh Lump.
$11*50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50©13 per
ton In bulk and $15 In. sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $S 50 p«r short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc:"Linseed.: "Linseed. 64e per gallon for boiled and
6°cfor raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70s;
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 14®1 16: Lucol. 490 for
boiled an* 46c for raw; China Nut, case*, 659
78c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 58c
for Ceylon and 55c .for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 6So: natural wint»r
Sperm Oil. 63c^ extra bleached - Winter "Whale
Otl 05c; natural Whale Oil. 60c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. -75c ;\u25a0 No. 1 Lard Oil.- «Ssc;
l>ure Neatsfoof Oil. 75c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
57% c; Herring. OlL' 45c; Salmon Oil. 34c: boiled
Fish Oil, 35c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; Paint Oil. 35c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water Whit*
Coal Oil. in bulk.- lie: Pearl-Oil, in eases,
17% c; Astral. <17% c; Star. -17%c; Extra Star.
20% c; Elaine, 26c; -Eocene, 19% c; Stove Gaso
line, in bulk.«ls%c; in cases, 22c; Motor Gaso
line, -in -bulk. 15% c: in cases, 22c; No. 1 En
gine Distillate. | Iron barrels or drums. 8c; No.
2 do. 6%c; cases.- «%c mor«; Benxine, in bulk.
r»%c;cas*s. : 19c : - S6-iilegree Gasoline, in bulk.
25<s- in ca*es. • 31c \
TURPENTINE— 83c per- gallon in cases and
87c in drums and "Iron \u25a0 barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD-^-Red Lead. 7«O
S%c per ilb:* Whlt# Leadr ; 7«4sBHc. according
to quantity. ' '- : _i ' "\u25a0' \u25a0
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reßning Com
pany-quoteo as follows, per Ib.'in 100-lb bags:'
Cubes. A- Crushed -and Fine Crnshed. 5.30 c:
Powdered. 5.15 c; Candy Granulated, 5.15 c; Dry
Granulated, flne,- 5.05 c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.05 c; \u25a0 Fruit Granulated. 5.05 c; ' Beet Granu
lated UOO-lb bags only), 4.85 c: - Confectioners'
A. \u25a0 5. C5c; Magnolia* A, 4.65 c; Extra" C. 4 55c*
Golden C. : 4.45c;'"D." 4.35 c; barrels. 10c more
half barrels." 2sc more: boxes. 50c more- JO-Jl>
toags. 10c more for > all , kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.05 c; boxes. 3.30 c; H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.05 c per lb. No order taken for leas
than seventy-five. barrels -nit* equivalent.
; PACIFIC. CODFISH— Most kinds have b*en
marked '\u25a0 down -as • follows, less '5 per . cent :
Bundles, per lb, 4c: cases, regular, 5V4c; cases,
extra large.', fle; Eastern styl», 6%c: •'Not
wav." :6%e;- Anchor Brand/ «%g7c: "Narrow
Gauge," 7c; "Silver King," 7%c; Golden State
7c; -White Seal, »%c; block3.V'Orlental." «?;c;
hlock*,' "SeabriKht.'> 7c: "Crown Brand, 7Vs,c:
Pearl. -7%c: \u25a0 fancy Bonele««. o®9%c: pickled
Cod. bbls. ?S 50; pickled Cod, ; half-bbls, $4 75.
- RICE-^-The" market Is very flrm at' the recent
advance of. Vie in domestic varieties. - Primary
markets \u25a0 are . also t strong. . _
• r Recelota ot i Prodncc.
FOR " THURSDAY. - OCTOBER : 26. :
' Flour, qr sks r . . 6.170J Wool, ' bales * . . . .- 8.-57
Barley.' ctls... 1,113. Shorts, . sks .:.. 100
Oats, ctls ....... 463; Leather. : roll* .. 264
Corn , ctls .'..... 378 Pelts, bdls ..... ' 790
Tallow, ctls ... 262; Hides. ; No :....'. 797
Sugar, ct15...... 3,o6o' Paper, rolls ;..: KJ3
Beans. sk» \...;13.515' Lime., bbls ...?: - IS2
Potatoes, \u25a0\u25a0«ks r . ;v.9.«20 Quicksilver.' flsks L 0
Onions; sks >:C..'/ 526 Brandy.- gals »..'.' 150!
Middlings,-, sks.'. ' . 315 Wine, gals .....51,100 '
Hay, tons ..... -90 Calfskins, bdls..;- • i
Straw." tons ..'.V \u25a0 -.46] Raisins, '.bx* ...v. 2.&C0
•Hops, bales ...."1.285, " . . '" .
\u25a0OREGON. \u25a0";
-Flour, " qr sks. \u25a0.* 7.6401 Middlings, ' sks. .. l.tll
Wheat.' ctls ... l.Kßrt Feed • sks ...... -333
Bran, sks :;V..r 4,260 J . "•
! , <;.-- WESTERN. - -
Corn, ctlj ...... 600;
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
SIXTY Hi AD OF , HIGH-CLASS
Heavy, Young Draft
/ Mores and Geldings
Weighing from 1300 to 18CO pounds.
FROM THE .
R.'-'W." DU.XCA.V RA.VCH. SISKITOO
COU.VTY. CALIFORNIA.
In this -consignment is one of the finest car-
riage or hearse teams in California, and •>
few good driving horses. To be sold
TUESDAY EVENING. OCT. 91. 1905.
.."At 7:43 o'clock at Saleayard.
1733 MARKET ST- Near VAX 3IE9S
AYE, S. F.
Horses at yard Saturday. October 23. Btnd
for catalcgue.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
•-''\u25a0\u25a0- Livestock Auctioneers. \u25a0 \u25a0
£& fe £*
GREATEST AUCTION
SALE OF YEAR
150-HORSES and MULES-ISO
Absolute sale of all personal property belong-
ing to the Meek estate on
m'djji tnd iatarda/, Qatabsr 27 and 23
At IO a. m.
SALE TAKES PLACE AT HAYW.IBD.
Conveyances will meet Si P. trains at Cherry
station and Hay wards electric cars at -Castro
Valley Junction on days of »ale. Lunch will
be served. i-T- 1 - -
OEARY A McDOXALD. Auctioneers.
STOCK MARKET.
TradlßK Llxht and Fluctuation* .Var
roTT and Unimportant.
Business continued quiet on all the exchange*
yesterday. There were no fluctuations of not»
on the Bond Exchange, and the Tonopa*
stocks also ranged at about the quotations of
the preceding day. • There was a fair business
in the Comstocks. and prices generally snowed
a Mirht gain-on the day.
Honokaa Sugar was ex-dividend of 10c yes-
terday under th<i rule.
The Roue Klmberly Mining Company of E»
Dorado County has. lerjed an assessment of 3
cents j^r share-.- delinquent Noyember 3O 1 . -4
The American Woolen Company paid a regu
lar quarterly dividend of 1 % - per c«nt on the
preferred stock yesterday.
The Esperance. Drift .Mining Company of Ne
vada County has levied an assessment Of 10
cents per -share, delinquent November 6.
STOCK A>*D BOD EXCHANGE.
THURSDAT. Oct. 28—2 p. m. .
UNITED STATES BONDS. -
Bid. Ask.: Bid. Aslt.
4s qr reg..-104*il0i%i4s qr cp nw.134 131V4
4s qr coup..lW : l- 4 1C5*»|33 V eoup-. .. — 104!*
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW5s — — Jofe T Con 5«.111% —
Aseo Otl 5s 92 92% O V gtd ss. — 98
Bay CPC 55.108% — <.Vt«rlc Sss — «5
Cal C Q ss-IC6?-i — Om Cable 65.120% —
Cal G& E g Pae Glm4a 95 —
m&ctss 99 9»% P E Ry Z».112W2\%
Cal-st C 55.111%113U P»e LAP Sa.lOlH —
C C Wat 59.105% — |P&CH 6«.105U —
E-i L*P «5.124% — PiO i: 6s.HO —
F& C H 63.113 — PoweU-st e».lll —
Geary-st ss. 25 45 Sac EG&Rss.llo% —
H CAS 5%9.104% — SF & SJVSs.H9V 4 —
Do 5s 104% — SF.O &SJss.lll%lUt;
Hon R Th6e.llO — Sierra R 6a.112»i —
L A EJec s»— — SPo( A «•
LAG &E1 5« — 103 (19C9> 1O7&1C8U,
LA Ry 55.117%U5% (1010) ICS% —
LAL gtd 55.105 — 3 PofC €•
LAP 1cm55.111% — (19C4J) 102 —
LAP C 55.. 107% — (1912) 112%113Vi
Mkt-st C 6s.U4UIIS%|SPC 1 eg 55.120 V* —
Do lem ss.UsiillB IS PB H Ca.l.U —
MV& MtTSs.HKV — IS V Wat 65.102% —
NR of C t55.104»4 — I Do 494 9 2dm-100% —
Do 5s — 120 Do 4s 3dm-ICO —
NP C R 55.105%1C6U, Do g mg4a 97% —
N C Ry ss. — lll%t Stkn GAESa. — —
NC P C ss. — — UO & B 55.104%105t;
O GL&H Ss.ICS% — UR of SF *a 88% SS»
Ok' TCo 65.121% — Val Co P 35.105 —
Do 5s 114 — |Yos SL 4%5. »2% 83%
\u25a0X_.,V'' WATER STOCKS.
Contra Csta 4S 48%|Port Coeta... — M
Marin C 0... 62 — (S V Wat Co 40 40%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P 3%— ISFO&E. 83% 84
Martel Powr 2 — I Do certfa. . — —
Mutual EL. 15% 16 | Stkn G&B. — —
Pac L Co.. 72% — I
IXSURANCD.
Flrem'« Fd.337% — t
- BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. 127% 1,12%! L P A A... — 153
Anglo-Cal .. — 96» 3t Mer Tru5t... 235 — .
Bank of Ca1.423 423% Merch Sx... 65 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 131 3 P National — 180
First Natni.326%340 j
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.30C0 — Say & L So.ICO —
Hum S 8k.2C00 — Sec Say 8k.305 —
Mutual SaT. — — Union T C 0.2700 3COO
S F Say U. 700 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..22© — (Presidio .... — —
Geary, — 40 J
POWDER. -
Giant Con.. 7T 78 |
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C- 82 84 I Makaweli C. 34 33
Honokaa SCI3% — » Onomea. S C. SSM, 34
Hutch SPC 15% — [Paauhau S C 21% —
Kllauea S C 3% 4 f
MISCELLANEOUS.
AUska PA. 5»% 60'^ Oceanic SCo — 5*
Cal FCA. — 98 Pac Aux FA. 3% —
Cal Wln« A — 85 Pac C 80rx.152% —
; MV& MtTm.loo — PacS Tal C0.103^105
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Hor.okaa S Co 13 87%
250 Hutchinson S P Co 15 25
25 Onomea Sugar Co 33. 60
300 Paaubau S P Co 21 -.'i
40 Makaweli .* 34 <$^\,
. 200 Spring Valley Water C 0 .. .... HO 55
$5.0C0 Sacramento El Gaa & Ry sa. .110 5U
15.0C0 Sacramento El Gaa A Ry sa. .111 00
Street— - * ,
114.C00 Unlted-R R of S-F 4» 8» oi>
Afternoon' Session.
' Board —
15 Alaska Packers' Anociation... 6OOQ
5 Alaska Packers' Association. . . 51> 75
' 100 Contra Costa Water. • 90. . . . . 4$ _».%
60 Contra Costa 'Water 4.S 23
125 Honokaa S Co 13 87%
10 Hutchinson S P C 0... 13 25
40 Paauhau S P C 0... 21 STft
10 Spring Valley Water C 0...... 4O 25
$1,000 Associated Oil Co* 6«... ....... K» (iy-
Street — ~
133 S F Gas & Electric .7 84 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. ' Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Cs.lOd — SF G4E4%«.102
B L Wat 6«.114 — SF &NP 55.112* i —
Cal NW '55.105%111% S P V R 4*. 96% —
M C Wat 6« — 114 Sua Tel 65. .113 .—
O T Con 55.106 106% Do 5s 110% —
Risl WfcsJS-ICO — Buttr-*t RSS.IC3 HO
•SF Drdk 5e.115 — "
... MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
• Ala S C 0... — 25 Gas Con A. — 20
Am Bis Co.llo — Mat Nay C 0.125 ISS
'' Car Cot -Ml* 90 91 Mils Nat 8k.31'5 —
Cal GiECor — 91 NS R R Co. — 12^i
C Jockey C1.122%130 N Cal P Co. 10* i 11 %.
Cat Powder.l6o — Ok Bk SaT. l5O —
Cal Ship Co — 25 lOOF Hall A 6% -\
CalT I * T. 165 173 Orpheum Co. 18 —
Cen Bk. Ok. — 75 PacC Caa Cal4o —
Chutes Co.. — 5' Pac Sur Co. — 120
Clty& C 8k.107%U» Paraf Paint. — 90
CypL Imp. 5 6 S F Drydock — 75
DptPwd pfd 85 90 SF A SJCoaJ — 23
Do com ..'73 90' 3 Jose Wat. lo."s%"—
FN Bk. 0k.120 — PO *MTrbt.l23 —
Fischr Thtr 73c — iSo Pac Co..— 68
Frncn-A Bk.ICS% — tSwiss-A 8k.125 lao
Hono P Co. — 35 [Truck Elect. 17% 13U
. Do old pi- — 30 I Union S Co. 33 37t*
Do nw pi. — 37 j W- Fargo 8k.230 240
' California Stock and oil Cichsozr.
Oif Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma s»>
Asso Oil Stock Tr Cert...... M 37
Chicago Crude ' New......... ' .... 19 :
' Claremont .- 77% ....-
Forty 53: 55
Four '.. 23 2» .
lUtnois Crude .......... 20
Independence 21 24
Kern i... 1350 ....
Kern (New) 10 13
Monte , Ctlsto "... 75 77%
Occidental of W. V», *s 08
Otl City Petroleum.^ '.. 73 8O * %
Peerlesa .." .... 8 On
Ptedmont : ••• • -••- 08
R«ed Crude 24 ,
Superior •• 06 08
- Gas nd Electric— ,
Northern Ca1. P0wer. .....;.. 10 87% 1125'
Continued on Pip V(
1516
! 1230=1232-1234 HARKET STREET
Friday and Saturday
•I . ~ —^
For tlie past month we, with our designers, have studied on
styles and effects for fall and winter suits, and as a reward
for our efforts have turned out a stunning garment, with
box back effect, which we, as critics on styles, have termed
a "correct garment for winter wear." These suits are built
of Scotch mixtures in all the regular tweed CZi\
and homespun effects. Special \plAarcvfvF
Regular $17.50 value.
The Blouse Suit is a fashion that is a staple, and a style that
is good the year round; not alone is it a winner in this re-
spect, but it is a garment that has the swing- and dash that
most suits lack. Broadcloth, in navy blue, black and cardi-
nal, are the fabrics and shades you have to fi^<Tfe£* 4"|A
choose from. Special
Regular $35.00 value.
A three-quarter coat of a tan covert is the garment we are
j making a hurrah on, and a coat that speaks for itself. We
\ are sure you will be astonished at its style and swagger
when you learn the price. Special ..... g£\ f|/\
Regular $15.00 value.
MANH.A WILL SOOX HAVE
WATER AXD SEWER SYSTEM
Plan* and $prcification« Are Received
From Bureau of Insular Affair*
for Inspection.
" Th* Chamber of Commerc* ha» rec«!ve<l
r«ir.ph!ets from the Bureau of Irsular Affair*
from which it appears that plans have been
a/Jrpted Tor the Introduction of an adequat*
m-ater and sewer system In the city of Manila.
The extent in miles is not mentioned, but
:a-*» quartitle* of materials are desired. Con
tractor* were busy yesterday at the rooms ol
the Chamber of Commerce looking at tht
fpecificatior.* that accompany the j^arje.
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
I Great I
I China J
I Crockery Sale 1
I It will save you |
I lots of money |
| Valuable 2
[j Coupons given
n with every I
1 purchase* Don't j
i miss this sale. 1
I Great h
I American Importing Tea Co. 1
[| SAN FBAXCISCO STOKES |
|l *«1 Market St. 213 Sntter St. |
i 140 6th St. 475 Halffht St. I
i Hit Oth St. 3008 IGth St. f>
4 355 Hayea St. S2BS Minion St. |
i 2CO 3d St. 2732 24th St. C
I 2SIB MUfttoei St. ISS2 Üblob St. %
1 705 Larkln St. S2l Moßtarry. St |
I 2008 FUlmore. 405 4th St. f
X r.Z Mnrhct St. ISI9 DnUad'ro I
I 1419 Polk St. I
{ OAKLAVD STORES. P
1 1053 Washing* IISS 23d Ate |
I 1510 7th St. 618 E 12th St. f
2141 Center St., Berkeley. |
11355 Park St, Alnmeda. I
Our 100 stores |
help us to help Fou|
itRS. rAEER'B CHILI SAUCE. BOTTLE lfc.
Cranherrlea quart 10c
Genuine Ce.p« Co 4. Bright, firm berries — U»u-
ally 15c \u25a0-
NEW CITROX. POUND 180.
»w Tomatoes 3 e«n» 25e
eclld packed, red ripe totnaioe*. Hesperian
brand.
LEMON' AXP~ORAyQE~PEEIj. LB 12e.
350 Coffee pound 25«;
Fin»« cua!!ty Java and Mocha Coffee. Two
days only.
MKS. KABER'S <niOW-CHoiw7~isc and ~2bc.
Dr. Prloe'w Food Darkaire loc
V^'heat Flak*- C?lcry Food. Palatable, nutri-
tious, easy of digestion; ready to eat. Usually
' 15 cents.
KOc VANILLA ORLEMOX EXTRACT 35c~~
EGGS. Ciunranteed Dorm 30c
California, ftore eggs. For table or cooking.
r.or BOT. BF.STCAU \u25a0 OLJVE OIL tide.
Krrfcb Batter ; nan are 39c
• Our urual hisrh Era<J» Creamer Butter. Reg.
V _' «!z*. - .
CHIPPED BEEFT rOUNT) 25cl ~
.Vw I'ard Datet> pound 40c
Bfin quality: packed In layers, from Arabia.
lvTalaska red salmon*. caxloc.
IJO* HKSAS CURBT. . . .'. . .Gallon *40c
"Exquisite vintage. ' Try a 'eairiple glass at
Ftoir. .t gallons. <l-10- Uwially 60c gal.
TOILET PAPER. I<WQZ. PKG. 6 FOITbScT"
DOc How vhop Whlkkex- . . . ".bottle 55c
Our leader' ln' quality and price. Large bottle
. £ ' S3 cents. --.».•» \u25a0
B ALTJMO^E~c'ov*E~Or6TERS. 3 CAN'S Z^.
Port or NLerry- Wine gallon 85c
Choice, from leading vineyards of State. Four-
year-old v:\r\t s.' Well worth . $1.00.
118 Taylor Street. .Phone Howard 1021
•FlHinore and McAllister St«". ..Park 183
''oik and Bunh Street*...: ....East 664
ACCUSES WEGER
OF THIEVERY
Assemblyman of Ukiah Faces
a Charge of Embezzling
Money of His Employers
Ex-Assemblyman F. M. Weger of
Uklah has been arrested on a charge
of embezzling funds of the A. P. Hotal
lng Company, wholesale liquor deal
ers of this city. Weger is charged with
being short in his accounts as sales
man and collector of the- well known
firm, in whose employ he has been
about a year.
The specific count against the ex-As
semblyman Is the embezzlement of $120
of the firm's money. But, according to
Thomas Kirkpatriok, vice president and
general manager -of trie Hotaling Com
pany, this is not the total amount of
the shortage. Weger's accounts are
being checked to ascertain how he
stands.
Weger's preliminary examination has
been set for November 10 at Santa
Rosa. It was reported last night that
txie alleged defalcation had been set
tled by the ex-Assemblyman's friends
and that there would be no prosecution.
Kirkpatrlck, when seen at his resi
dence, 1013 Steiner street, said:
"I know nothing about any settle
ment. So far as matters stand now,
Weger . will be prosecuted. W« have
not learned the full amount of the
shortage charged against him. Our
books are under examination for that
purpose. Weger was not under bonds.
I do not know what- he did^ with the
money." „
Weger was appointed to handle the
company's business in Sonoma County
and adjoining territory, where he was
well acquainted. His prominence in
politics gave him an inside lead to a
great deal of business and he was
known generally as a good fellow.
Learn to Say
Lotnax. $3 50; stock! wearing «hoes; 100 vtylen
for men. Lomax Shoes. 16 Fourth st. •
CAPTALN THOMPSON UXDER
FIRE FOR STRANDING SHIP
Just Runs Into the Breakers of Cooa
Bar Without Knowing- Whither
He Wai Heading.
Th« Btranfiinr of th« ittamer T. JL. Kilburn
en th« touth «pit bar la Coo« Bay on th«
Biominr of September 8 was Investigated yes
terday by United State* Local Inspector* BoUea
and Bulrer. Captain A. Thompson, master of
the steamer, testified that while he was on
deck at 2:35 a, m. the lookout, EJnll Ander
een. reported somethlnr ahead, which Second
Mate Jacohsen could not understand - Th«
captain immediately ran to the Ulejraph and
stopped the engines, but the vessel scraped
bottom a few moments later. The ship then
became unmanageable, the rudder post havlr.«
been broken and Jammed Into the wheel, and
drifted upon Guano Rock. A tur was sent for
and towed the steamer to North Bend, where
the cargo was discharged. None of it was
damsred excepting 261 eaoks of wheat, which
were soaked with salt water. The steamer
was lowed to San -Francisco for repairs'.
The testimony of Louis Mataon, the man at
the wheel, and the other officers corroborated
that of the captain. The case was submitted.
Town Talk.
Topics of current Interest to thinking
persons are always entertainingly dis
cussed in this bright and newsy week
ly. This week Bourke Cockran's lec
ture on the Philippines analyzed, also
his ability as an orator. • "The Modern
Art of Self-Advertisement" is the sub
ject of Harry Cowell's essay. The
Saunter«r tells how local society was
snubbed by a distinguished visitor. He
sets forth Herbert George's defense in
the matter of the flirtation story, and
discusses It. He has something to say
about a vocal debutante. He gives the
news of the rumored engagement of .1
California millionaire's daughter witli
an humble postal clerk. As usual, there
is a short story told with a purpose in
this week's issue, and there is an abun
dance of eprightly and amiable gossip
about men and women in the v social
and art worlds.' •
St. Pranrlsi Churrh Fair.
To-night will be the gala night at St. Fran
cin Church Fair. The well known Gaelic
dancers, J. P. Kelleher. John " CC-onnell, Pearl
Allen and Clara Coyne, will appear in Irish
Jigs and reels. Professor -William McMahone,
"tho Irish Fiddler," will • render a programme
of Oaf lie folk songs and nallads. :.-. The contest
for- the honor of being haned the most popular
president of the A. O: H. is becoming very
spirited. P..8. Mahoney, president of Division
No. 17, now leads, with M. J. Pierce of Di
vision 10 a ciose second. The pastor, Father
Caraher. has announced that the fair- will
close next Saturday night.
Vvltk food law a ; are good. The purity
cf Burnett'* Vanilla baa never been quectloaed.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO eALL. FRIDAY/.OCTOBER 27, 1905.
BONIFACE IS DELUDED
BY CUNNING RUSE.
By False Pretense
Cheap Swindler
Gets Room.
Exposure of Trick
Is Followed by
His Arrest.
But He Knows Law
and Laughs at
His Victim.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
"Th» bearer. Mr. J. H. Roth, is en
gaged to enter our employ. Please ac
commodate him with board and lodgr
lngr for one week and charge the- same
to us."
Thus ran the note' presented by a
corpulent, smooth-faced and decently
clad man to Adolph Lacaze, whose hos
telry is at 473 Fourth ; street, and so
favorably impressed, was Monsieur La
caze by the visitor's personality that
without further ado he escorted him to
the best chamber in the honse, request
ed him to make himself thoroughly at
home, notified him of the time : that
meals were spread and left him to his
own resources.
As he returned to his office Monsieur
Lacaze bethought him that he had neg
lected to note the signature of Mr.
Roth's sponsor, so he reopened th« let
ter of introduction and saw that It
was captioned and signed with the title
of a mercantile firm doing business at
a certain number on Fifth street. The
name of the corporation was not fa-
mlliar to him, and to satisfy himself
that It really existed he hied to the
designated number on Fifth street — to
find It occupied by the United .. States
Mint. Then he hastily Inspected the
missive again and discovered that the
words "Fifth street" thereon . printed
were followed by the words "Sacra
mento, Cal."
"Why dfdn't I see that at flrstr
Monsieur Lacaze solused, figuratively
kicking himself, and he enlisted a po
liceman to accompany him back to his
caravansary.
They found Mr. Roth, in neglige of
shirt-sleeves and stocking-feet, reclin
ing In a Morris chair, his pedal ex
tremities resting on. th«' pianoforte and
wreaths of thin blue smoke ascending
from his lips, which daintily, nipped a
brown-paper, cigarette. \u25a0/ - -
"Ah, gents,", he languidly drawled,
"welcome f me boudolre.-. T' wat am
I Indebted fr d« honor lv dis/vislt?"
In a pocket of*hls"coatwas. dlscov- :
ered a pad of letterheads similar to the
one on .which was-.written theYmessage
that had -temporarily- deluded Monsieur
Lacaze, and when arrested and. booked
for having:, defrauded an innkeeper he
chuckled and sarcastically asked his
accuser why the charge was 'not that
of forgery.
"It's Jls -'s easy," he declared, "f
convict me lv de. one as \u25a0 de , 'odder, f'r
ye pinched me afore I had time t' de
fraud ye. Wy didn't ye wait till I
chewed yer chuck or pounded me car
on yer bed?" .
Then he considerately -Informed the
policeman that it would be .waste of
time to attempt to "cinch" him on a
charge of forgery, because the letter
heads and signature he had utilized
were those of a firm now defunct
"You're a smooth operator," said Po
lice Judge Fritz to Mr. Roth, "but
you'll trifle with the law until it trips
you up. The worst I can give you Is
twenty-four hours."
"Do I get baok me letterheads?" Mr.
Roth Inquired; and the court replied
that it supposed so.
Among the nomadic vagabonds who
recently arrived from the country was
Harry B. Smith. His Impedimenta con
sisted of a mattress and blanket, and
when he took up winter quarters in the
basement of a tenanted mansion at
O'Farrell street and Van- Ness avenue,
without having- asked for any one's
permission bo to do, he spread his
couch In a corner, constructed some
shelving, drove a few nails In the wall
to serve aa a clothes ; rack and then
settled down to the lightest kind of
housekeeping. There he was discov
ered and arrested by Patrolman Cleaver,
who booked him ; for vagrancy. '
"I suppose," said Judge Mogan to
Mr. Smith, "that to send you- to jail
would be In; accordance with- your, de
sire to be cared for In Idleness, but the
desire of the taxpayers to 'be \u25a0 relieved
from maintaining able-bodied pauper
ism must also' be considered— indeed is
paramount to yours— and for that rea
son I will give you twenty-four hours
within which to pack up : your house
hold gods and resume .your aimless
Journey, 'if " you are : brought before
me again this winter I shall sentence
you to toll on the rock. pile." 4
Mr. Smith shudderingly withdrew.
: • '\u25a0 • ' • •\u25a0 ; :.-\u25a0
Miss Clara Jarman, colored, denied
most emphatically that she knew any
thing about the $11 which Dong Yet
averred, he lost while, he was discuss
ing laundry preform > with -her \, in his
washhouse * at \u25a0 812% " Stockton : street.
Judge Cabaniss will thoroughly inves
tigate the discussion, its cause and its
alleged effect to-morrow morning. \u25a0\u25a0
When th* clerk. of Judge <Mogan's court
summoned Solomon -Schiff to .receive
sentence for having' battered Mrs/ Mm-_
nic- Jacobs -of ; 1119 \b" Harrison '.'. street/
the | prosecutrix/ rose |to a', question ,*of
privilege and - was | given .the floor.' f Ere
a moment l had passed -the bench s re
gretted^': its courtesy, .for :' the v-'lady
launokod a torr*atiaJ stream of crlmi-
nation against the * defendant ' that
would not be stayed.
Her generous physical proportions
completely filled the witness chair and
as she hurled accusation after accusa
tion against 'Mr. Schiff, who cowered
before the oral hurricane, she em
phasized her arraignment by thumping
the Judge's left knee with a chubby
fist. As she drove home each charge
she glared at Mr. Schiff and asked him
If It was not true, and when he falter
ingly endeavored to respond, she fierce
ly commanded him to "shut up," as she
did not propose to sit there and be
abused to her face and in the. presence
of many witnesses by any such, etc.
Among the atrocities which Mrs. Ja
cobs alleged Mr. Schiff had committed
were (1) the starving of his family,
(2) the abandonment of his better, half
while she was afflicted with stomachic
cramps, superinduced by lack of proper
nourishment, (8) the failure to provide
his children with proper clothing, (4)
the beating of a crippled milkman who
sought to collect a bill, (5) the scroog
lng and skimping of , every dollar he
earned' ln order to swell his Jmnk ac
count, now popularly believed to exceed
$5000 in amount. She challenged Mr.
Schiff to disprove any or all of the
foregoing counts and then prevented
him doing so.
"Good Justice and honorable gentlemen
of the Jury," she said to his Honor, who
tat In -semi-petrifaction, "punish him
much, and after you get through with
him I -will persecute htm for infamy. I
will show him that he is not now in Rus
sia, but living In this blessett, intelligent
land." %. \u25a0 *.
Acting in accordance with Mrs. Jacobs'
suggestion, the Judge postponed, sentenc
ing Mr. Schiff until next Monday, when
she will introduce the defendant's wife,
Mrs. Stein, Mr. Snyder and Secretary
White of tjie C. S. P. C. C. to corroborate
every word of her denunciatory \u25a0• ha
rangue. . .
Mr. SchlfT. who is a tailor and dwells
at 1120 Mission street— not Howard, street,
as he represented to the court— avers
that he battered Mrs. Jacobs because she
visited his house and kept his wife from
attending to her work. Mrs. Jacobs
swears that the object of her several
visits to the Schiff residence was to col
lect moneys due her from. Mrs. Schiff and
which Mr. Schiff resolutely declined
to pay.
•* • • •
Charles Harrington complains that
Maggie Holland conveyed to him gteat
annoyance and embarrassment by accost
ing him while he conversed with ladles
on the street, accusing him of the pa
ternity of her babe in arms and request
ing him to" there and then contribute to
its maintenance. Claiming that he is in
no wise responsible for the infant's sup
port, he prays the law •to relieve him
from Miss Holland's unwarranted accusa
tions, which, he alleges, are serving to de
prive him of desirable feminine friend
ships. Judge Mogan continued the case
until Mr. Harrington has formally sworn
to a complaint charging Miss Holland
with having disturbed his peace.
Judge Fritz deferred till November 11
the handing down of his decision in the
caae of W.F. Hopkins, , accused of having
assaulted with intent to murder James
McGlnley by stabbing him with a knife.
The defense was not-represented in oourt
when the decision was postponed.
\u2666 V • --
"Waiter Martin's chauffeur, Julius Laf
bere, was arrested for speeding his auto
on the Park Panhandle driveway, regard
less of the prohibitive notices so conspic
uously displayed. The defense claimed
that the chauffeur is a Frenchman and did
not understand the warning conveyed by
the signboards. Judge Fr)tz continued the
case. . \:
Mrs. Annie Hoffman, accused of having
battered Mrs. Sadie Brown in j the latter
lady's apartment house at 1349 Mission
street, told Judge Mogan that she had
never before been arrested, and when the
court records were produced to prove
that four years ago she was convicted; of
having cruelly treated one of her children
sho declared that she had entirely for
gotten • the incident. Her husband has
been subpoenaed to appear to-morrow and
tell what he knows about her methods of
disciplining her offspring.
James F. Furlong, a saloon-keeper on
Third street, was walking along that
thoroughfare, between Howard and Mis
sion, when "Joe" King, landlord of the
New Western Hotel, emerged from a wet
goods shop and \u25a0 smote him on the neck
with a cane. Mr. Furlong drew a re-
15 YEARS _OJvTORTURE
Itching and Painful Sores Covered
Head and Body.
CURED IN WEEK BY CUTICURA
" For fifteen years my scalp and
forehead -was one mass of ] scabs, and
my \u25a0 body -was :- covered with ;' . sores.
\u25a0 Words cannot express how I suffered
from the itching and pain. 1 1 had
given up hope when a friend told me
to get Cuticura.r After bathing with
Cuticura Soap and applying Cuticura
Ointment ? for three days, my head .
was as clear "1 as ever i and to my v sur-
. prise and joy, one cake of soap and
. one box of \u25a0 pintment- \u25a0made a com-
plete I cure, in one weeki. X (signed)
H. B. Franklin, 717 Washington St., .
Allegheny, Pa. 'fv ;\u25a0 v
Do you choose your op-
tician because he fits glasses
well or because he \u25a0 se 1 1 s
cameras and micros copes ? \
We fit'glasses better because we do
not sell optical merchandise. * V \u00841
v\Ve are exclusive opticians. ,
New AddrVsn: ; -,
' *\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 y* « ':>• • HAR f^ yl Nord n a M.
214 Graiit Avfenua ;
\ -v It's time, mother, for the
:^v : :>*'V;. .'i^M youngster's new overcoat.
' : %S:£Sfs£^£ " : "^ : iv'.'<;-" . : -ff3&ii \u25a0 He may have his mind too fall
?V- '\u25a0;&.' of other things to notice the chill
• v "•'\u25a0 '•^\u25a0•\u25a0^•i^J^^^^| '" 'p; » vjfe -y and cold. Children are that way,
''j^^^^^o^^x^Mf^' t^o&.,..' So it's 'really op to yon. It is
§$*W£?r 1 '":'\u25a0\u25a0''":' tfwt^yv-r">^ : 'M.-.'^ not wise, to put off a matter like
50Wi /£ .'. v'o%W#^sMr this » but i! is wJse t0 get
j*ti~£ "l^ttF- 1 - 4*£ i:: :'r: :^^^.'' . things ahead of time, to be pre-
'-.'Si'-'-'S??."^. *>v v I- " ' . Os*'Vv"\\\ % r < -- : ' : '.r ' pared for any sadden change.
V*' •-";.'• •'••\ '• **"*'"* "trftti^^^^lftvS^ We have on display now every
"""" < j " '' : j^ f rs£issM&&^&\ °^ oyercoat ti^ a neat W
-^^•" : % —^%*. cooldwish. They are, for the most
.*«^§§§S^ iC^S%S>>_ M^k^^^^^mW^A P art » exdosive with cs in San
/^^^^Cl^^ Francisco, and that, in addition to
rall^^^^^^ price advantages, makes this the
SATURDAY
l@-/p^ some very HANDSOME SCOTOi
fabrics in our new model
F-^lii^K A^ Xx ' SHOOTING -JACKET NORFOLK,
:^i?^ ''s&&£&>'\u25a0ss /^^^^^2?"^^^S a very stri^ in^ conception of a
n : " ~^^*' M^^^^W^^^M^ff suit or oys etween c ages °^
\u25a0MM ill <^^&i^^^» thTSoUBLE-BREASTED
\u25a0 WfW "\u25a0 1 rfi STYLE, COLLEGE BUILD, which
\u25a0Wffl.' mfi means BIG BROAD SHOULDERS,
WM WS AND STYLISHLY CONSTRUCTED.
U:m iP^^^Ssa2p£^ This suit will be offered to you
• If S\ £$& BSm THIS FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
§ ra : : fiSV mm MM with an EXTRA PAIR of TROUS-
Ifc^V iftjM Ws! ERS- The regular value is 56.50.
/-•v.v.v..^l&^A;^|f W$ The SFEQAL PRICE FOR FRIDAY
\u25a0^S^--.-.5^S^W lit AND SATURDAY wiU be
* Hti «\\ *?P THE SUIT
• . \SfSCfe-^^S^M- fl? " > '"*' Including the Extra Pair of
Our Overcoat Special Belted Sack Overcoats
will consist of some very handsome/ Overcoats, f nr Vni in <\ rii7ii%c
MiHtary Style, Dooble-breasted— Battoned tip 1U ; *«""8 na l» V r
close to the throat— Round Velvet Collar— 2 „ Lo jf n^ Swagger Coat, cot 46 inches Long—Big
Rows of Buttons— Belted Back— Front finished Br £ ad Sweep— Big Lapels. : -
with inch Black Braid-Handsome Chevron ffV^l SY^/n^S^&s?sS Y^/ n^ S^&$?$$ cs^^
nn -Slis«— Neat Dark Gray Blue and Brown coats in the Pretty Shades of OXFORD GRAY and other
on Sieevesr-neat wrKway, Jsiue ana crown Grays that arc so fashionable nowadays. Oar regular
Mixtures. price for this Overcoat would be $6.00. The Special
Regular Price, $5.00, . Price' for FRIDAY AND SATURDAY FOR THESE
Special? Price for Friday and Saturday, . SWAGGER OVERCOATS WILL BE
$3 35 AgCS 2^ t0 8 Years * ' $3 35 Ages 10 to 16 Years.
Exceptionally pretty showing of 'Boys' Shirtwaists, Underwear,
Stockings, Neckwear, Sweaters, Hats and Caps.
\k H KEARNY ST. AND UNION SQUARE AYE. «[
I^^^^^^^^^^^ FASHIONS^
volver and Mr. x Klng retreated,: and then
a policeman' arrested ; Mr. . Furlong and
booked him for ; exhibiting a : deadly
weapon In a. rude and threatening • man
ner. . Judge Mogan continued the hearing
until to-morrow.
j William Harvey, \ a young fellow, i In
vited two companions to have their shoes
polished at his expense by a bootblack at
Haight and Stanyan streets, and after the
work was \u25a0 accomplished .'• he declined to
pay the artist r and exploded ' unprintable
language. Judge Mogan ' pronounced him
guilty of peace disturbance. ",\u25a0 '. -\u25a0;
COLLINS OUT
ON BIG BOND
Aetna Surety Company Backs
the Accused lawyer
• a Guarantee of $30,000
After .spending-, two, nights in the
County. Jail George D.^Collins was re
leased last niffhtt on , bonds for; $30,000,
furnished by "the "Aetna r Surety, '. Com
pany. V;., , The; bonds? were approved aby
Judge Coo!;, withlthe sanction. of Judge
Lennoh.. Collins. left the County Jall;in
an -automobile i with "Attorney. Louis P.'
Boardman. It is. supposed that'hc has
gone to join Clarice'McCurdy and her
mother. . \ . ;'.- .' \u25a0* \u25a0
j Collins- will -appear before - Judge
L,ennon 'in "Judge jLawlor)s court at- 2
6'clock^-this afternoon to; plead .-to the
"cliargeof iperjiiry against' him. , .
?.^ : Acting Cap'tainfßeyhblds has detailed
Detectives ; aiatheson V and : Mulcahy :- to
assist \u25a0 Detective T. 8. , Gibson im search
ing for .Mrs. .Sarah McCurdy. ; and f Miss
Clarice r. McCurdy, - who? are s wanted as
defaulting* witnesses : In' '/ the^bigainy
case. -Collins; sent word y to .- Reynolds
yesterday that he knew where the two
women were and he would % lnstruot
them to surrender themselves if bail
was 'fixed for their release,* asserting
that It was an outrage to place them
In the position of not securing bail.
Judge Lennon may be asked to-day to
fix; ball. \u2666 : .\u25a0\u25a0 <v^v.-"sr "" : ' \u25a0.
Probably the man with a -business
proposition only half so good as that
one of yours; will secure, \u25a0 to-day, the
"backer", you should have had— because
he advertised for him and you didn't.
©pfSfev The Smith !
frT The World's Best Typewriter \
i: m . \u25a0'• ' ' " |
WE carry; a - complete stock of Typewriter |
Desks, Ribbons, .Papers,'. Carbons, and |
| all supplies for all makes or machines. \ " \
;s | Competent stenographers, who can operate |
| any make of machine,' furnished without charge |
| .to either party. * I
,: v | - .Send for, our booki-t or a ulcsnun to explain just why tfc« R
•c S * Smith Premier is the most psrfect and practical cf all writing §
» * machiaes. . - • . x
y, I ' \u25a0 \u25a0. \u25a0 ' • \u25a0 \u25a0' \u25a0 . • s
I S»e Smith Premier Typewriter Co.
_| 20 Sutter St; San Francisco. Cali | [
Bible and a Dictionary
Ar« essential In «very horns—** *«-. good pic
tures. Ev«ry nook and corner of our spacioua
art rallery is devoted to the display and sal*
of the choicest framed picture* aad the best
things obtainable at moderate nricas. Her*
you can rely absolutely on being* able to hay*
your pleasure gratified. You are cordially in
vited. Sanborn. Vail £ Co.. 741 Market *t. •
WANTS SIDEWALKS LAID.— The Boarf^cf
Works yesterday ordered atone sidewalks laid
on both sMea of Market street from Four
teenth to Seventeenth, and on First av«nu«
between Fulton and C streets.