THB WEATHER.
Forecast for Tuwday. December 26:
San Fraodsoo and rlclniry — Cloudy i
aad threat *r. lng- Tuesday; light west
wind. ' O. H. TTCLWON,
Ijoctd Forecaster. '
VOLUME XCIX— NO. 2(>.
MO SCO W'S DEAD AND WOUNDED ,
NUMBER NINETEEN THOUSAND
LONDON, Dec. 25.- — The correspondent of the Daily Telegraph at St/ Petersburg telegraphs : «'At
an;; early hour this morning the casualties at Moscow were estimated at .5000 killed arid 14,000
wounded, with the fighting still proceeding. The inhabitants of Moscow have been forbidden to
leave their dwellings after 7 o'clock in the evening. It is impossible to move about the cityiin
consequence of the frequency of stray bullets. Many innocent persons have been killed." ''
Revolutionists A-reJ JesperateljT'
Defending Their Barricades.
LONDON. Dec. 26.— The St. Petersburg
Correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
telegraphed the following: yesterday:
•'Your Moscow correspondent's ' tele
grams have not been accepted, because
ell private messages were refused this
fcfternoon. It is learned, however, that
Cannon firing is now proceeding in vari
ous parts of the city where, to-night, very
t;^ar the railroad stations, the barricades
\u25bareeled by the' revolutionaries" are being
temperately defended.
"The Kursk Railroad terminus at Mos
cow is being pillagf-d and many cars laden
fsvith provisions are being looted. "
"The Emperor is engaged daily in re
viewing at Tsarkoe-Sslo the regiments of
the Si. Petersburg eistrlct. The srpirit of
the troops is decidedly loyal.
"From fragmentary accounts received
from Moscow I gather that the civil war
has brought no decisive action, but only a
thickening of the blood cloud, an intensi
fying of the horrors and an Increase of
the prevailing bitterness.
ItlMI COURAGE OF REBELS.
"The driving force behind both troops
tnd rebels is no longer that of enthusi
asm or any, human impulse. It is the
force of superhuman hate, and hence the
deefls reported are not the acts of patri
ot**, soldiers or otherwise, but the enor
' taities of madmen. vjjjjjE^E
"It is Impossible to understand how any
emotion, even in the extreme of despair
©r hate, can impart such foolhardy cour- '
fege as some of the rebels display. For
••very barricade destroyed on Sunday,
two or three appeared in other places.
Orders were given by the revolutionists
Ito shoot only when there was good hope
t>f bringing a man down, but otherwise
to tire out the troops until they lose pa-
tience.
™ "In the meantime, In their houses the
Ibulk of the population cowers in the In
most recesses of kitchens and cellars
tetrleken with fear and trembling at ermry
boom of cannon or the explosion of a
bomb.
"The most surprising thing of all is the
loyalty of the troops, which nobody here
expected.
*»LA?fS OF THE REVOLUTIONISTS.
"Talking with an Intelligent group of
€5t. Petersburg revolutionists, I was In
formed that while they believed the strike
*ould be victorious they fully realized
they were staking everything upon the
iFsue and that failure would set back
their cause for several years. They said
they were devoting their efforts to shak
. ing the foundations of "Russian flnance,
in full confidence that once the existing
regime were overthrown, they cculd as
quickly build another and that foreign
nations .would be as ready to advance
money to a democratic republic . as - to
the autocracy. They emphatically denied
that they were Inciting the peasantry to
commit agrarian outrages, declaring that
these outrages were the work of the So
cialists, but they did not deny their ad
vocacy of the distribution of the crown
lands "among the peasants.
"In conclusion they declared that,. In
the event of the. failure of their cause,
they would have recourse to terrorism,
choosing their victims from all classes
of society."
BABES CREMATED BY MOBS.
I\- ronrnr Poured l,pon Them Before the
Torch In Applied.
MINNEAPOLIS. Dec. 25.— "D0 not
e.f k any . questions; do not wait to
Tvrite, but if you want tosee us alive,
•end steamEhip tickets," Is the despair
•lnjrcry which the Russian Jews of
The San Francisco Call.
tliis city are -daily, hearing from rela
tives residing, in the empire of. the
Czar.
Horrible descriptions of slaughter
and rapine are 'contained' in- many of
the letters. A. letter from Kotorask,
Russia, gives a lurid description of the
massacres which occurred there and
hi Um'an, following the issuance of -the
Czar's recent manifesto. According to
the account crowds of brigands fol
lowed the parade Which was held in
celebration of the issuance of the man
ifesto, gathered in a mob, and, placing
at- their head a picture of the Czar and
a. cross, emblem of state and "church,
made ihelr way. to the Jewish quarter,
where they their, work' of mur
der and robbery. Driving a number
of Jewish children into the street,
they poured kerosene on them and set
fire to them, while the. mothers were
obliged to stand by and helplessly
listen to the agonized screams of their
little ones as they perished. In the
flames.
After making away with the chil
dren the murderers turned their atten
tion to. the parents and slaughtered
them without mercy. Three hundred-
Jews perished at that- time in Koto
rask. while in Uman 1000 were killed.
Horrible cruelties were 'practiced by
those who participated in the massa
cres. -V,- '
Not only aid the police refpse to
protrct or aid the J«ws In any way
during the massacre*, but many of
thorn even assisted the assassins In
their bloody work.- The students and
members of the educated classes, how
ever, came to the assistance of the
Jews, and many of them fought vali
antly in Iheir defense.
INSURGENT ARMY IN FIELD.
Said to Be. On Way to tbe Assistance
of Moscow Rebrla.
ST.- PETERSBURG. Dec. 25— Direct
telegraphic communication with Mob
cow was severed last night, but the
Government succeeded in restorihg
communication by a roilndabout route
this morning. All reports agree that
the fighting yesterday, which contin
ued until midnight, assumed the nat
ure of a butchery by the machine guns
of the artillery, grape and canister be
ing employed mercilessly against the
ill-armed insurgents.
At Rocius- tales are told of the Cos
sacks, who. plied with vodka until
drunk, fired down the streets, some
times charging, with lances. The in
surgents displayed "great stubbornness
In holding barricades, even advancing
In a mass 'to the slaughter, "
Where bombs were thrown from
windows the artillery was summoned
and battered the houses to pieces. \u25a0
The plan of the Insurgents,- it Is
said, is to hold the outskirts and'grad- |
ually inclose the troops In the cen
ter of the city. Leaders announce' that
an army of 30,000 is concentrated at
Orechoffsueff, northeast of Moscow,
and will soon be 'ready to march to
the city's' assistance. , The latest re
port Is that-both sides were, exhausted
at midnight, when '> firing: -practically
ceased. The streets- were/in absolute
darkness, gave for searchlights In the
towers of bivouacs behind -barricades.
NO DISORDERS IS RIGA".
Soldier* and Police Patrol. .Streets of
City Day and Night.
RIGA. . Saturday, Dec. 23.— The rail
road employes throughout, the \u25a0 Baltio
Continued . on Page S, CoL 4.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUJESD AY,- DECEMBER!: 20, 1905:
TARDY STORK
DISAPPOINTS
JAN KUBELIK
Special! Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— 1t wasn't any
body's ' fault." that , Kubelik, ' the • violinist,
didn't get his Christmas present on time.
The stork hadn't agreed to : deliver \ths
goods promptly on ,; Christmas day, \ any
way, so Kubellk just thought, he would—
arid the party he invited to celebrate the
expected event had .a merry night '; and
morning, Kubelik waiting, hopeful. A
previous gift of the kind from Mrs. Kube
lik was' twins."
Another visit of the stork was, expected
to-day | and, accordingly, after the violin
ist's concert-yesterday he hurried away
to the Cafe Martlr)^ where he had Invited
a party :offrlend9;|to celebrate the; event
with him* in a; prJxate> room. There were
a half dozens in 'the party. '.lt was in
tended to ; be a?; musical • jollification.
Fletcher, a 1a 1 violin yiealer, had lenta $12,000
violin. The hous(( provided a piano, and
there was a shrieking; harmonium _which
came into play after; the musicians had
grown less '\u25a0 critical and " more jovial. . . a /',
; The; clock -kept^pn despite] the
noise and \u25a0 Christmas morning came Jin.'
Butso far no cablegram announcing 1 the
arrlval.of [the i stork has -been ! received. .
VOLCANO .IN GERMAN SA3IOA
shows increased ; ACTrvrrr
JTlow of I-ava May Interrupt Coinmual-
cation oo s " the Island of
•..- \u25a0.'"•- : : - . Savall. ;'.;. .- ;"
TUTUILA,- Samoa;> Dec. 12.— The vol
cano on 'the ialarid of; Savail- in German
Samoa* con tlnues.jwlth; greater/activity.'
.Lara Js flowing: /over = the old beds with
more \u25a0; speed-; and, communication* from
one ; part -^of^ the"; island i\ to> another Kon
the coast will. shortly,,be 'stopped- if the
flow* .continues. The. glare in 'the
heavens ' is « visible for many miles
around. .. -. •
LOTAL. TROOPS, FIRING • UTON.',
' • RIOTERS <IX - THE: THIL.IPPOFF.
BA KERY; IX', MOSCOW. ;
BROKEN HEART
ACTUAL CAUSE
OF HER DEATH
# Special "Dispatch to The Call,
NEW YORK,' Dec. 1 25;— Dr.' Philip O;Han
lon, t ' Coroner's'; physician, /was ' called ;to
the^ Morgue'; this , afternoon- to ."perform an
autopsy. upon _the,;body .of a^ woman who
dropped dead^on the. doorstep of a butch?
er'shop at ;s7s ! Tenth v avenue early to-day. 1
The - pathologist found that ; she - had died
of a brokeirheart.- Technically 'her death
resulted 'from the bursting' of one of .the
ventricles of .her. heart/a rare, cause of
death. ':-\u25a0•'-\u25a0:[ ! • /•'/ '.•'.- '' -:;,'.\u25a0 " .
While' Dr.'O'HanlonVwho 'has performed
thousands £of i autopsies in . the .: past \ ten
years, waif *dls"cussing>'the^unusual. case
: people V; front ;?Tenfh s avenue tt v t vlsited the
Morgue' an<J 'identified; the body, as that'of
Mrs. ~ij Mary 'iMcCord.^'eOv years t old, v ;> who
lived; at~: 299 ;Tenth:averiue,.Vwith .her, hus
band, j up <to; a" few '_'. weeks ago,\ when, "the
neighbors ; declared!: her ;husband«deserted
her: j Mrs^McCord > brooded " :' over.V 3 her
plight' and vwas , despondent. ;. To-day,- her
heart ; broke < and : her : suffer ings; ended: V ;
Aged "Man Burned to Death.
.AUBURN, ;P;ecfs2si^-Dr. ;Alex^Thoma3
Dozler,'; B2 \ years ; old," s'aYorjp'; time 'prom
inent? physician ;, in '; th|sjj;county.> and i a
plqneerj:mlher.iwhb;-went; down "to.vthe
American <Klver ( ia'shbrtj time ago' to' do
some (work "onyacclaim, I '^ was. burned\- to
death -lni his* cabluf at .' 2, : o'clock 7 ? this
morning.' C. ' T.",:Dozler/i'of? Berkeley* is
a' grandson -of 'the "• deceased.
INSURANCE
MEN GUILTY
OF LARCENY
Graft Is Uncovered
by Jerome s De
•\u25a0 tectives.
Financiers FiJl Homes
at Policy Holders'
Expense.
j Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK., Dec. 25i— As the result of
an investigation which has been j quietly
conducted for several weeks past" the Dis
trict-Attorney's offlce.has come into pos
session of valuable evidence bearing upon
the records of certain high. insurance. of-
ficials whose names have been much be
fore the public _of late. Several of these
officials are likely in the near future to
face charges of petty larceny for having
systematically charged the policy-holders
of their respective companies certain re
curring bills for coal. rugs, bathroom sup
plies and .house; furnishings, "which went
to make up' a substantial grand total of
home comforts in their own domestic es
tablishments.
Named Jn connection with these latest
astonishing developments In the insurance
scandal are John A. McCall, Richard; A.
McCurdy.'L' James Hazen Hyde and sev
eral others, who have ttgured in charges
of high flnance chicanery in the last few
months. . :.
It. lsTnow : known that for ten years at
least it has been: the practice of officers,
and In some cases; of directors, of -the big
insurance companies to order grest quant
titles | of ; supplies from leading furniture
and department' stores and have the bills
sent tothe auditors of the companies. In
many ; cases the; goods- were delivered-; to
the offices '. of the • companies and then
sent?to private; homes. Specific cases in
which such ] purchases were made have
been " discovered . by detectives.
Investiga tion ; of this ; important branch
is being hampered by the fact that. a rug
house "in 'this, city which several -years
ago supplied several Persian and Turkish
rugs \u25a0 to men *iii control of the big life in
surance corrinHnles has since gone out of
business, but ] clerks fully ; cognizant of
the ; transactions of , those days have been
found and it; is hoped that eventually . the
books' of this .-firm can- be uncovered.' • It
is ; known that one , rug, sold j for" $15,000,
was sent , to ; , the ] office pf 1 the president of
one of .the \u25a0 greatest of the. insurance com- \u25a0
panieaiof ;thls clty.j Aurug. of . this, sort
Is known ', aa well ; as a \u25a0 painting-; by Millet '
or. Velasqwz is known.' It could -riot-dis
appear,: without some 7 trace- of it- being
kept, and ' it is known' positively that this
rug.was never- seen ;ln- the ; business' of
fice of the president who purchased It.
\ lt is .'a ' fact easily, certified^ that even
such i necessities , as small « bathroom \u25a0 sup
plies ,? boughtv in ; huge quantities by " the'
Equitable ; were; distributed Jto the - homes :
of . officers of * the -company. ' 5 Soap,' • bath
tbwels.^sponges.-J sprays 'and, many /other
articles* required ; in Jthe homes f of • officers
of \u25a0 insurance \ companies Jof this city s .were
bought .'and paid : f or." by tfcose •- In ; charge
of : the supply departments of , the ; various :
companies , J andj; were '; never sent/ to~* the'
buHdlngs. i of; these" companies, but directly
to:thelhomes.of-those ; able;to bring about
this , peculiar ;'and \u25a0 petty - sort of Kraft' -
THE THEATERS.
AiCAZAR — "Th» Prlao* and to*
Ptinrrr "'TjW^nwilMKKn
ALHAMBBA-"A FJght for' Lov*.? -'
CALIFORNIA — "Broadway G«l»ty
Girls." ' : '
COLUMBIA— "The American Lord**
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
GRAND— "Monna Vanna."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI — "Orph«us In Had« 9. n
MAJESTIC— "If I "Were King."
XETV CENTRAL— *Th« By« Witness ~
JUSTICE VAN DYKE IS SUMMONED
BY JUDGE Of THE UNIVERSE.
Eminent Jurist Expires
After Very Short
Illness.
Prominent in the State
From Day of His
Arrival.
OAKLAND. Dec. 25.— After an illness
of only twenty-four hours Justice Walter
Van Dyke of the Supreme Court of Cali
fornia died at 5 o'clock this afternoon
at his residence. Van Dyke and Fourth
avenues. East Oakland.
The eminent jurist was stricken so sud
denly that his life of 82 years had ended
almost before the was a realization
that he was ill. D Ipite hMs age Justice
Van Dyke had beei actively engaged In
his judicial labors within the last few
days before the holidays opened. He had
remarked as late as Friday that he had
never felt better in his life. His last ill
ness was caused by what seemed to be
a slight cold. He did not show signs of
being seriously ill until early this morn
ing^ when pneumonia developed and the
end" came' quickly.
Justice Van" Dyke was born at Tyre,
Seneca County, New York, on October
3, 1523. He attended the district schools
of the county and later the select school
at Earlville. going later to the Liberal
Institute at Elmira. From IS4C to IS4S he
studied law at Cleveland, Ohio, and was
admitted to practice by the Supreme
Court in 1818.
The young man was enthusiastic over
the West and in company with fourteen
other young men he crossed the plains
and endured many hardships In 1549. In
ISSO he settled temporarily at Los An
geles, but was soon drawn to San Fran
cisco, then to. Trinidad. In 1552 he went
to Klamath County. Oregon, and soon be
came District Attorney there. Later, after
the oiganization , of ,Humboldt County,
he moved there and was for some time
editor of the Times, being a vigorous
writer! He also practiced law and was
elected to the, Senate- in IS6I. From IS6S
to 1884 he practiced in San Francisco and
was United State 3 District Attorney from
1574 to 1577, being a ; delegate^at large " to
tne^cohstltTitl6uar'*cbnventfon^of"l!rry.***ln
ISSS he mo'.'ed;to .Los Angeles and ISSS
was elected Superior! Judge.. He was
elected to' the*. Supreme Court to serve
from January. 1599. to, December 31; 1910.
The funeral arrangements have -not
been made. There are five children sur
viving—Mrs. Franklin Bangs of Oakland,
Dr. Edwin Van Dyke of San Francisco,
Miss Caroline Van ' Dyke of Oakland,
William . and Henry Van Dyke of Loa
SOCIETY BELLE WEDS
DAY AHEAD OF TIME
Steals a --March on Swell Set
by Changing Date of
Wedding.
Special Dispatch to The Call!
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Dec. 25.— Society
was very much surprised this after
noon when It learned that Mls3
Gertrude Jacks had become the bride
of Charles P. Kaetzel. a promising
young attorney of this city.' It wa3
generally understood that the cere
mony-was.-to take place to-morrow.
The young couple persuaded the County
Clerk to issue a license this morning 1
and the Rev. C. S. Fackenthall, rector
of the, Episcopal church, performed the
ceremony at the home of the bride's
parents this afternoon. The bride Is
the daughter of Sir. and Mrs. R. E.
Jacks, her father being one of the
largest . property . o.wners in this
county, and the groom, a Stanford
graduate, is connected with McD. R.
Benable, a leading- attorney and presi
dent of the Commercial Bank.
INSISTS UPON BEING '
PAID FOR REHEARSALS
Union of New York Chorus
Singers Submits List
of Demands.
S Dec) a I Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK. Dec, 25.— The Chorus
Singers" > Union, known as Local Xo. 14 of
the -Actors' National .Protective \ Union,,
has a formidable list of demands which
are to be made to Director Helnrlch Con
ried of., the Metropoljtan Opera-house
some time this week. In compensation
for one rehearsal dally this winter , the
chorus demandf. pay In the sum of $23 a
week. -The singers are willing to attend
two rehearsals a day before the season
opens next fall for $12 oo a week.
President Salzburg of the rieiw. union
got the floor at a meeting of the Central
Federated ,' Unions to-day. He said con
ditions were bad. The chorus singers got
only $13 a ' week. Then followed^ a list of
grievances., including long hours and
hard conditions. Music and art,. as per
sonified .by the'; chorus, .won the day. It
was decided by unanimous vote to in
dorse the demands, j
TWO MIDGETS /FORM
A LIFE PARTNERSHIP
Total Weight of Bride mud
Groom Is One Hundred
and Eleven Pounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COUNCIL BLUFFS. lowa. Dec. 25.—
Inez ; Lewis ;of Council Bluffs, who is
forty-two.and one^half inches tall and
who i weighs 45 , pounds, to-day became
the wife -of .Jean Bregant. an /Austrian
midget, ; f ortyrfiye* \ Inches tall and " weigh
ing only= 66 pounds. The couple "fell in
love while singing on the vaudeville stage.
:: The ; : bride ; is . 0n1y ... 13 i years ; old, while
Bregant iis 35 The latter - was * born In
Styria?-.- Austria^ /The ' parents :*6f "Sboth
were - : of normal ; sl» S..\\'\
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SUPREME COITRT JUSTICE WHO
DIED SUDDENLY IX OAKLAND
V ESTERDAY.
KILLS HIS
SIRE WITH
FIST BLOW
Divinity Student
Protects His
Mother.
Clergymen Plead for
Youth's Release
by Police.
SdccUl Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec 25.— T0 protect
his mother. James Pollock, a divinity
student, struck a Wow last night tfiat
later caused the death of. his father and
led to the slayer's arrest. He was locked
up in the station house at Fourth and
Yorke streets late last night, while a
number of clergymen and prominent
church members pleaded with a police
lieutenant* for his release. They declared
that, if- he was responsible for the death
of his father, he had acted under tha
natural Impulse to protect his mother
and that his mental agony was punish*,
ment enough. The young ran is upon
the threshold of ordination, to the minis
try- He has almost completed his studies
and would soon havo been -ordained.
With the execeptl.on of the father tha
Pollock family is one of the most re-*
spected In Kensington. The father's crav
ing for drink has been the one misfortune
of the family. He is said to have been
arrested on a charge of Intoxication any
number of times i and recently was re
leased from the House of Correction.
Pausing at various places, he directed hia
steps toward his home on Cumberland
street, where his family was enjoying
the Christmas dinner.
"So you have at last decided to coma
homet 1 ' said the wife, reproachfully.
The husband replied with an oath. A
fow more words and then, according to
the police. Pollock raised his hand and
was about to strike his wife.
The son. hearing the noise of a scuffle,
bounded down staira and entered th<»
room. There were more words and
another scuffle; then the elder Pollock
lay prostrate .upon the floor.
The police say that his son struck him
and that his bead crashed upon a jutting
corner of the room. He died a few hours
later in the Episcopal Hospital.
XEW COMET DISCOVERED
BY EASTERN ASTRON'O.MER
Profrasor Prrclval Lowell Reports
Flailing; of Meteor by Means
of Photograph.
BOSTON. Dec. 25.— A telephone mes
sage .has been received at the Harvard
Observatory from Professor Percival
Lowell, saying- that he found a second
comet ton" the photograph made on No
vember 29, at 9 hours 54 minute* time,
7 hours west of Greenwich, eighth
ascension 323.5. declination minus 8.7.-
The 'comet Was moving south by
west or north by east. The comet had
two'; tails, > one extendinjr north tad tb«
other \u25a0 northeast. -2
SENATE TO OPEN
FIRE ON TAFT
Upper House Will Turn Guns
Upon War Secretary as a
Part of Political Game
BLOW FOR PRESIDENT
Pinn Set on Foot to Make
It Impossible for Him to
Select His Own Successor
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 25.— The Record-Her
ald, under a Washington date, quotes a
prominent Republican Senator as having
said:
••Taft is next on our list. We're going
after him as soon as Congress reconvenes
next month."
The Senator added that it was the in
trtition of the leaders in the Senate not
only to continue their criticism of the
Panama canal management, but to take
up the administration of Secretary Taft
in the Philippines and subject it to a rigid
scrutiny. The meaning cf this and of ihe
whole attitude of the Senate toward Pres
ident Roose\'<?!t and his associates in the
executive branch of the Government is
ttiat the Presidential game of IMS has al
ready opened, according to this news
paper. There are many candidates in the
Senate for the n*xt Republican nomina
tion, and they are already maneuvering
to force into the open all the aspirants
for the nomination.
Roosevelt himself is no longer feared.
The flurry of a few months ago. In which
ihc-re 'was much talk that the President
might be nominated by his- party two
ytars from next summer, has disap
peared. Since then, it is claimed, Mr.
Roosevelt has loet instead of gained
strength. Leading Republican Senators
are determined that Roosevelt shall not
Intend his rule over the party through
another administrtaion by means of the
nomination and election of one of his
chosen Cabinet Ministers and personal
friends.
The Senators are balking on railroad 1
rates, the canal, the tariff and many oth
er things. •
Roots friends In the Senate, perceiving
the gTowing opposition to Taft, will bocm
him vigorously from now on. but Roofs
record as a corporation lawyer will mili
tate against his nomination.
ENGINE WHEELS
CRUSH OUT LIFE
Employe of Santa Fe Meets
Horrible Death in Rail
road Yards in the South
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec. 25.-A shock
ing accident occurred last night in the
Santa Fe yards. Angel Morado. the turn
table man, was run over by an engine.
Both his legs were severed near the body
and his right arm was crushed. He died
while being taken to Los Angeles on a
special train.
About 9 o'clock as an engine in the
yards was backing up to the water tank
Jicrado was sent to help the engineer. As
the engine was slowly backing he at
tempted to climb up the hand ladder on
the ba<~k of the tender. Losing his bal
ance, he fell between the rails. The
roundhouse foreman saw the man fall and
called to the engineer to stop, but while
the engine was still moving Morado at
tempted to lunge acroFE the rail to safety.
He slipped and fell and the wheels ground
into his flesh.
Morado was one of the trusted men in
the roundhouse. He had not lost a day
in five years and was well thought of by
his superiors. He supported an aged
mother and sister.
IHIXA MAKES DEMANDS
UPOX GREAT BRITAIN'
Call* for the Dismissal of the AnsesNor
of tbe Mixed Court of
Shnnchai.
LONDON. Dec. 26. — The correspondent
fcf the Morning Post at Shanghai says
that the Chinese Foreign Office has
Instructed the Chinese Minister at Lon
flon to negotiate with the British Gov
ernment regarding the mixed court
flispute to demand the dismissal of the
British assessor and to insist on the
t'unishment of the police concerned in
the recent outbreak.
The croam o* society is easily separated
J-om the milk of human kindness.
COMMENCING THIS MORNING AT NINE
201 3.nd 203 ICc3,i*ny Street \u25a0 -
INAUGURATE A / T
Of OVERCOATS, ULSTERS and
CRAVENETTE RAINGOATS v
For Men and Youths
At Greatly Reduced Prices
2500 Overcoats, Ulsters and Cravenette
20 1 and 203 Kearny Street .«
PEACE ASSURED
FOR THE UNIONS
Building: Trades in New York
Enter Into Agreement for
Year With the Employers
MINERS MAKE DEMANDS
To Ask the Coal Operators
for an Eiglft-Hour Day and
for Regular Recognition
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— N0 workers were
happier to-day than the 100,000 skilled men
in the building trades when it was an
nounced that every union with the excep
tion of the housesmitfrs and bridgemen
had signed a trade agreement of from
one to three years, to go into effect on
January 1. By this action the unions have
officially repudiated the strike of the
structural Ironworkers.
In many of the trades the prevailing
wage will continue for the coming year.
The wages of the house carpenters, how
ever, will be increased 30 cents a day, and
the cabinetmakers will receive an in
crease of 22 cents a day, beginning next
July.
The trade agreements now date from
January 1 instead of May, as hertofore.
This step was taken'because the employ
ers do not want strikes on their hands
on May 1, when the busy building season
begins.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 25.— The Press
to-morrow will say:
"President John Mitchell of the United
Mine Workers' Union has communicated
with the presidents of the anthracite coal
producing companies in regard to the de
mand the miners will make for continu
ance of work in the hard coal fields.
"It Is "understood the letter is in regard
to holding a conference between the com
mittee representing United Mine
Workers and the operators. What the
operators will has not definitely been
decided upon.
"Besides asking for an eight-hour day,
there are also to be presented other de
mands. The most Important, and one that
if adopted will mean the complete recog
nition of the union, is the request that
an entire new conciliation j board be
formed— one that will always be in ses
sion and will go from place to place to
settle disputes. The request will meet
with considerable opposition from the
presidents.
"The proposed new board is to be com
posed of three members representing the
miners and the same number represent
ing the operators, and a seventh member
to be chosen by the other six."
FIND JEWELS
IN THE RUINS
Guests Who Fled From Burnr
ing Broadway Van Nuys
Hotel Recover Belongings
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 26.— Former
guests of the Broadway Van Nuys Hotel,
now scattered at various hotels, arose
early to-day and began a search for their
valuables, which they left behind in their
hurry to escape from the fire which de
stroyed that hostelry yesterday. Airs.
Thomas H. Benton of Lincoln, Neb.,
was made happy by the recovery of $5000
worth of Jewelry which was found in a
dresser drawer by a traveling man. The
ruins of the hotel have been well guarded
by the police, who gave aid in the search
and succeeded in finding many valuables.
L. A. Falck of San Francisco found two
of his trunks in good condition and the
contents uninjured. Mrs. Falck lost sev
eral hundred dollars' worth of jewelry
and clothing which have not been recov
ered.
A New York traveling man went to his
room not expecting to find anything of
value, but found a water-soaked pair of
trousers. In which was a check for $125
and $65 in cash.
Wil| J. Denny, representing an Eastern
shoe firm, visited bis room and found an
order book and two of his sample cases
undamaged. He stated that they were
worth S5OO to him.
All of the hotel books and mail were
saved by Night Clerk H: T. Murch. The
mail is being distributed to-day from the
Broadway Hotel, where temporary quar
ters have been established.
Block Burned In Little Rock.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Dec. 26. — A fire
which started in a livery stable early
this morning swept away an entire
block.
THE SAN: FRANCISCO- GALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26. 1905.
UNCLE SAM MAY
BUILD RAILWAYS
If New Bids ProVe Unsatis
factory Government Will
Construct Philippine Lines
STATEMENT BY WEIGHT
G o vernor General Has Noth
ing Definite to Say as to
Report of His Resignation
MEMPHIS, Term.. Dec. 25.— Governor
General of the Philippines Luke E". Wright
arrived in Memphis from Washington
this morning. Asked as to the report of
his resignation of \ the Governorship,
Wright would say nothing definite.
"I have heard of this matter ;only since
my return to America, and I am thinking
more of my play now than of my work
six months hence," he -asserted.
Regarding the government of the isl
ands and their future Wright said:
"All the recent bids for the railroad
work have been rejected. We will try
for new estimates, and you may state
that if the next batch are also turned
down one or more important lines will be
built by the Government. It is, indeed,
desirable to develop all the sections where
the proposed roads are to run, but it is
better to allow our friends, whom we are
making into good citizens of the United
States, to wait a little for the prosperity
that will come with such facilities than
to submit to such bids or to give radical
concessions ' to Americans from home.
"But these roads will be built. With
commerce such as should exist between
sister states and territories unrestricted
by any duties, the islanders will by in
creased intercourse have taken a long
step toward self-government. Many
American public men are disposed to view
the ultimate political condition too
gloomily. It will take lime, but it will
come eventually, and free trade, will go
a long way toward making self-govern
ment a possibility. "
FIND THE BODY
OF MISSING MAN
Remains Are Taken From
Willamette River Near the
Scene of His Employment
PORTLAND, Dec. 25.— The body of Os
car H. Kiser, a young man who disap
peared on November 6 and was believed
to have met with foul play, was found
in the Willamette River about three
miles south of this city, near a boathouse
at which he had been employed. Although
the authorities believe that the young
man came to his death accidentally, they
nevertheless, on the Atrffngtfr.of the the
ory of the boy's parents, that their son
had been killed, to-day caused the arrest
of Herbert Hayes and Jack Meldllle, and
also wired to the officials at Eugene,. Or.,
to bold a young man named Gassett, who
occupied quarters .with Kiser in the boat
house. -
Later in the day Sheriff Word stated
that he had ordered the release of Gas
sett, and unless unforeseen circumstances
should arise would release Hayes and
Meldllle to-morrow.* '\u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0". j;v
PLAXMXG TO RAISE FUNDS
FOR GIFT FOR MISS ROOSEVELT
Oregronlann Back of Move to Get Every
State to Subscribe for
Weddlnjt Gift. .-
BAKER CITY, Dec. 25.— A move to
create by popular subscription a wed
ding present for Miss Alice Roosevelt,
who is to be married to Congressman
Nicholas Longworth in February, has
been started by citizensof the eastern
part of Oregon. It is the plan of the
originators to have subscription lists
started 'in each State of the Union, the
money secured to be transmitted. to the
various State Treasurers, who wjll .In
turn forward it to the Secretary of the
Treasury at Washington. The sub
scriptions will close on February 8, so
as to enable the present, whictfTit is be
lieved, will be about $800,000, to be
turned 'to Miss Roosevelt on the
day of the wedding. Individual sub
striptions will be limited to ten cents.
Voudk Quail Hunter Shot.
GILROY, Dec. 25.— James Thomas, a
youth of nineteen, was accidentally
shot by Frank Kllpatrick to-day while
hunting quail. "A charger of bird shot
struck his knee. He may lose both
legs.
INSURGENT IRMT IS SilD
TO 3E NEiliiG MOSCOW.
AID MAT REACH FIGHTING REBELS
Defenders of Barricades Continue to Stub
. : bqrnly Resist the Troops. \u25a0
Continued ; from Page 1, Col. 2.
provinces went out on strike last night.
; The^hewspapers' protest against the
false reports -printed abroad -to the
effect that "Riga, was bombarded, and
was burning and .'that revolutionists
blew up a train carrying 200 Cossapks
The town is perfectly quiet, the\ln-'
habitants | go- about- unmolested, street
traffic is carried on in good order, and
there are ~ opera performances Z daily,
though attended v by small audiences.
Soldiers and police; are patrolling thtj
streets day and night."* .Three cruisers
are anchored in the -harbor at the dis
posal of the . new •-, Governor General,
Lollohubj' who/has -not yet arrived.
Foreigners are in "perfect safety, but
they are of the opinion that it would be
a wise precautidri 'if each 'of ' the
powers had warships cruising in , the
Baltic in readines for emergencies, *as
pasenger .steamships, would .be ..unable,
to embark refugees in case of armed
opposition.. | . . '
( At a meeting of the foreign Consuls
it was decided ;to fly; thd'nationar.coi
ors over the consulates.
ACCEPT GOVERNMENT'S TERMS.
Strike *f Warsaw Tost and Telegraph
"Employe* at an End.
WARSAW, Russian Poland, Dec. 25.—
Tne strike of the post and telegraph
employes here is at an end. The strik
ers have accepted the conditions of the
Government. The telegraphers resumed
work to-day.
The military governor has issued an
order prohibiting the street sales of
newspapers, the singing of revolu-
MINER SCOTT
IS NOT DEAD
Los Angeles Friend of the
"Spender" Receives Letter
From the Eccentric Man
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 25.— A letter from
Walter Scott, the cowboy miner, who was
reported murdered in Death Valley some
days ago, was received by. the miner's
friend, Rol King, in this city to-day,
stating that Scott had been shot but was
not fatally hurt. The letter, which had
been eight days in! transit, was dated
Rhyolite, Nev., which is in Death Valley.
The letter gave no details of the shooting,
but stated that Scott's wound was not
necessarily serious and that he expected
to be in Los Angeles by the middle bf
January. The letter was in Scott's hand
writing. .'\u25a0•\u25a0'. \u25a0 ' '— .'
FRIEND OF KING
EDWARD HERE
Lord Grimthorpe of London arrived at
the St. Francis late last evening. He
comes to the coast on a pleasure trip.
His lordship Is a great friend of King
Edward, and has been for a long time,
their intimacy, having commenced many
years ago. -
The present Lord , Grimthorpe came
into his title on the death of his uncle,
Lord Grimthorpe (Edmund Beckett), who
was known as " England's "clocklsh"
peer. . He made the construction of time
pieces a fad, and probably In his day
knew more about them than any other
man in Great Britain. On his death his
title fell to \ his heir, Ernest William
Beckett, who is now here.
Lord Grimthorpe looks to be about 40
years of age, although be j has been in
Parliament for twenty years. He* looks
the polished English gentleman to the
letter. . "
In speaking of his visit here he said:
I have been making a pleasure tour of the
United States and have come out to the coast
because I like It. I have: been twice In San
Francisco before, and on those visits ,1 saw_
the country Immediately tributary to it. This
time I am gat ng to .spend a month In your
State, during which period I < intend to- visit
all the principal polnts.of interest from here
to San Diego. I like your city- and* I like
your people. I like the general atmosphere
of the place. That Is the reason" I have come
here for the third time. ;
I think this Is one- of the greatest places In
the United States, and : I think ; from what I
have seen of your .city and Its surroundings,
and what I know of your State, that Califor
nia is one of the greatest. If not the greatest,
State- in the Union. -- I have always liked
America and the Americans. \ I showed that
when I married an S American ' wife, wr She died
Rome years ago.
\u25a0 The \u25a0\u25a0: West Is \u25a0 very different » from the East.
I cannot tell , you • exactly what that difference
is,' but I must say .'I. like, the difference/what
ever It may be. Your hospitality- is unbound
ed here and you give a stranger a warm wel
come. \u25a0-\u25a0• : : - \u25a0:: -.\u25a0.;\u25a0;-;.':'•\u25a0?-;. \u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0.. \u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0.. \u25a0 ,;\u25a0 \;*\
To Cure a Cold In One Day -
Take LAXATIVE BROMO Quinine Tablets.
Druggists refund money :it It : falls to cur*.
E. W. GROVE'S signature Is on each box. 25c.»
MYSTERY SURROUNDS DEATH
OF A" SANTA BARBARA MAN
g The death of T. A. / Harding of Santa
Barbara at : the City and . County .Hospital
at (9 o'clock yesterday .morning, is -veiled
in mystery. He was I found in an uncon
scious condition at • the. Third t and
send streets depot ; last Tuesday - r evening
and taken to the: City ; and, County Hos
pital, where Dr. Alveres treated him for
bladder j, troubles. \u25a0-
, The man continued to grow; worse in
stead of ;; better, : : - and ; yesterday,, morning
: he; died. The doctors at the hospital; say
death was not caused by, bladder troubles,
but: they are unable :to, determine i 'just
what the cause .was. The police are mak
ing an investigation of the strange ' case.
Fire Damages , a Brewery.
Si SACRAMENTO, : Dec. 25.— A , fire in
Ruhstaller's :/ City . IBrewery ato-nighf
burned away considerable of .the 5 super- '
structure and ; for..; a ; time' threatened i to ;
wipe" out the •entire; plant.:*/ A couple l
of J big oil tanks s' caught flre.Vbut H the
flames were;, smothered. . The o.damage ;
will not exceed $5000 and Is covered by j
Insurance. - i --\u25a0 •; " "'.'.• ..-. - ... .-;. "• -'• iS^ffey.
Drops Dead in Saloon.
'. . An. aged man, supposed to ,- be .;P. j
Kelly, v shoenfcker; v dropped r dead .] in ; r a' j
saloon. at 114 East street>yesterdayaftt;
ernoon.;. Injhis "clothing?: werelfouhd;a j
number^of answers \to " applications > for |
employipentiN all j of 'which > stated I that I
there \u25a0; was , no \work] for' Mm.'^Thelbody J
was.'taken V.to !\u25a0 the where ? it j
lies . unclaimed.':-: '-'->- i '\u25a0 :.-> ' "">"'.-„< ?=: -
tlonary songrs, the holding of meetings
and tne organizing of processions. Per
sons .who violate the orderv are subject
to. imprisonment for three months each
and a fine, of $500. '-The railroad men
to-day resolved to resume work unless
their comrades in St. Petersburg should
join the strike.
BLAMES JEWS FOR BLOODSHED.
Immigrant Say* They Besan the Riot
' lag; ln Odessa: '
BOSTON, Dec. 25.— According to An
dreas Stockberger, an immigrant who
arrived here on the steamship Car
thagenian, the recent 'bloodshed .in
Odessa was, largely due to Jews at
tacking the soldiers. Stockberger' Is a
German and comes from a German set
tlement at Gildendorff, near Odessa. In.
an interview to-day he said:
. In Odessa I saw the troops march down the
main street with loaded guns. Before j them
was a hpwllns mob. armed) with all sorts of
\u25a0weapons, and "Whenever a chance ap^eared'H
would pounce upon the soldiers and tear them
to pieces. On housetops and In windows stood
men, women and even children, and as the
soldiers marched by bombs were - hurled at
them, killing scores and wounding- hundreds
at a time. ;\u25a0 ... - \u25a0 ;\u25a0•\u25a0
The soldiera would then charge upon their
attackers, piercing them with bayonets • and
shooting them with ball cartridges. Wherever
the soldiers . went they were attacked. The
mob, made up entirely of Jews, were almost
beside themselves with excitement, and their
only purpose was to kill the soldiers.
France Sending 'Warships to Riga.
BREST, France, Dec. 25. — The cruiser
Cassini has' been ordered to proceed to
the Baltic Wednesday next, calling at
Copenhagen. The cruiser Aubo has
been ordered to prepare for a voyage
to the Baltic.
STRANGER CUTS
PARK VISITOR
Unknown Mail Suddenly
Whips Out Knife and Stabs
a Stroller in the Left Arm
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 25.— "This is fine
Christmas weather, isn't it?" inquired a
well-dressed stranger of John Dobmann
as the latter was seated on a bench In
Central Park last evening.
Dobmann replied that it could not be
liner, but the words had barely left his
lips when the stranger whipped out an
upgly looking knife and made a lunge
for him. Before Dobmann could make a
move in defense he had been stabbed
three times in the left arm, just above
the wrist. The wound bled profusely and
when he arrived at the receiving hospital
he was* weak from the loss of blood, Dob
mann stated ' that he never "before had
seen the man.by whom he was attacked
and did not "understand the sudden on
slaught. _; After having his wounds
dressed Dobmann went to his home. De
tectives were detailed on the case to
discover the identity of the unknown
man, who disappeared on the run imme
diately after the stabbing.
ATTACK ON CARDINAL
AROUSES THE POPE
Pontiff Congratulates In
tended Victim on His
Escape.
ROME, Dec. 25.— The Pope to-day
expressed his deep concern over the
attempt made last night at Barcelona
to stab Cardinal Sal vator Cassanas y
Pages, Bishop of Urgel, as he was leav
ing the cathedral. His Holiness dis
cussed the attempt at length with
Cardinal Merry del Val, Papal Secre
tary of State, and with Cardinal Vives
y Tuto, Bishop of Barcelona, who is
here. JLater he sent: a message to the
Cardinal congratulating him on his
escape.
The Pope to-day received in private
audience Harry St. George Ticker,
president 'of the Jamestown (Va.) Ex
position Company,, who is in Rome with
the object Tsf interesting the Italian
Government in the exposition.
BARCELONA; Spain, Dec. 25. — The
anarchist who last night attempted to
stab Cardinal Salvador Cassanas y
Pages, Bishop of Urgel, as he was leav
ing the cathedral, committed suicide by
taking poison soon after his arrest.
VICTIMS OF FLAMES
CAUGHT IN BLIZZARD
Homeless People of Oregon
Town Suffer From Storm
*"-•\u25a0 and Fire.
BAKER CITY, Dec. 25.— A message
b^, telephone to the Democrat from
Sumpter, Ore., states that fire , to-night
destroyed a ' large part of the town of
Tipton, thirty-one miles southwest of
Sumpter. The fire started ' In the hotel
and rapidly, spread to adjoining build-
Ings. A : blizzard Is raging to-night,
accompanied by a heavy snowfall and
nearly, all the' people in Tipton are
homeless. .There was little or no In
surance,' no'flre department -and little
water. : The \u25a0 Sumpter yalley; Railroad,
it is stated, will run'a relief train from
Sumpter to Tipton. loss is not
known! here. . :. ,-"..',.• - • ; - -\u25a0
A Tired Stomach
Does, not* get* much good
for you out» of what* you
eat; for it» does not» digest
mudi— it* is 'wastefti!. It»
feels sore and lame and •is
easily distressed: and often
upset v^ffbod. The best
treatment is a course of
Hood's SarsaparlHa
which is positively one*
quailed for all stomach
troubles.
For testimonials of remarkable cures
lend for Book on Dyspepsia, No. 5.
v C U Hood Co., Lowell, Mcsj.
o'clock we begin our great Wi %
January Clearance Sale. In I
no case have we considered vac^^^^^^iP^ p
cost, particularly in our Ready-to-Wear Departments, |j
where the greatest cuts have been made. In con- ||
.nectionwith this announcement we wish to state |
that we offer only this season's latest styles of the |i
most desirable fabrics. We employ only the most IS
EXPERT FITTERS, guaranteeing a fit in each case |
Regarding the prices quoted below, will say they |j
include Tailor-Made Suits, Coats, Jackets |
oKirts and vvaiscs. m
$ 15.00 Suits reduced to (see aiuslratlon) $7.50 |j
$22.50 Suits reduced to $12.50 |j
$27.50 Suits reduced to $17.50 I
$30.00 Suits reduced to $19.75 jl
$15.00 Rain Coats reduced to .$7.50 |
$22.50 Rain Coats reduced to . ......;... .$15.00 |
$3.50 Walking Skirts reduced to ....'.*. $1.95 |
$5.00 Walbng Skirts reduced to $3.75 I
75c Waists, black and white shepherd checks, reduced to • • • • 49c |j
$1.50 Alpaca or Voile Waists reduced to - • • • . . • • • • 95c ?1
$2.75 Flannel Waists reduced to . . $1.45 i
$9.50 Silk Waists reduced to • $4.85 i
Big Reductions in Coats and Jackets j
Our entire stock of Jackets and Coats, about 300 in aH t have 1
been reduced on an average of one-third less than last week's prices. H
They are all high-grade, exclusive, up-to-date garments, the product of f!
the world's foremost manufacturers. ||
Prices range from $4.75 to $25.00 each. i\
After Christmas Specials §
$1.50 Ladies* or Gent's Umbrellas reduced to 75c (j
$7.50 Fancy Embroidered Cushions reduced to $4.00 p
$1.50 box of six Ladies' Initial Handkerchiefs reduced to • • • $1.00 |
25c box of three Children's Initial Handkerchiefs reduced to • • • 15c |,
$3.00 Silk-Embroidered Waist Patterns now • $1.95 |
$2.25 AU-Wool Waist Patterns now .$1.25 I
75 c yard Fancy Wool Plaids now, yard .... . • .... 49c £
$1.00 yard Iron Frame Mohairs now, yard • • • • 58c H
TRAIN RODDER
IN THIS CITY
Man- Who Took Part in the
Great Northern Hold-Up
Is Now in San Francisco
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec. 23.— 0n Tuesday mem
bers of the Sheriff's office will leave for
San Francisco to take Into custody a man
who has been under the surveillance of
detectives in the employ of the Great
Northern Railway for a month for com
plicity In the hold up and robbery of the
Great Northern flier -on the night of Oc
tober 3, three miles north of Ballard.
The man who will be taken Into custody
in San Francisco has incriminated him
self by letters written to the mother of
Lem Short, who has been confined in the
County Jail for .weeks on suspicion that
he is a member of the gang which held
up the train and looted the safe in the
express car.
• Few persons knew that Lem Short -was
in jail, bo quietly have the members of
the Sheriff's force worked. The Sheriff's
office refuse to give out the name of the
man under surveillance in San Francisco,
but to-day declared that so cloSe watch
is being kept on his movements that he
cannot hope to escape. The Sheriff de
clares that te has as strorig a case
against the man In San Francisco as he
has against Lem Short. The prosecuting
attorney has gone on record as saying
that he will convict Lem Short of the
robbery.
CRIES OF MAILMAN
V FKIQHTEN ROBBEES
Bold Highwaymen Take to
Heels After Firing
Two- Shots.
Social Dispatch to Tbe Call.
SEATTLE, D«c. 25. — Two masked men
made an unsuccessful attempt at 8 o'clock
this morning to hold up and rob a United
States mail wagon on the Spokane-avenue
bridge,, near the West Seattfe side. The
wagon 'contained ' mail for West ; Seattle,
which was being transported from the
Seattle postofflce by Ed. Graham, a mall
carrier. The . robbers waylaid Graham
and "as he drove . within . twenty yards of
them they sprang from behind a pole and
tired two shots at him. One bullet passed
through. the window of the wagon and the
other ; entered a mail sack. Graham-re
fused : to obey the command to • hold .up
his: hands "and began calling for help.
His yells scared the robbers. and they ran
away. ; The wagon contained much money
in registered packages.
Canadian Minister Dies Suddenly.
.PARIS, Dec. 23. — Raymond.- Prefon
taine,*: the Canadian Minister of - Marine
and .Fisheries, died suddenly '. to T night.
Prefontalne,: accompanied -by, Randolph
EJ - Lemieujc, - - the ' Canadian Solicitor
General, -recently came* to 'France, It
is^; said; .With .the " purpose of , establish
ing ,a ' line ' of i steamships between Mar
seilles and Canadian porta. "
SAN FRANCISCO BOY
IS KILLED IN SOUTH
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 25. — Thomas
Sullivan, cabin boy on the steamship
Santa Rosa, whose parents live at
Third and Howard streets. San Fran
cisco, was killed at Port Los Angeled
late to-night. The boy fell overboard
and drifted between the steamship and
pile. The vessel lurched and causrht
the lad and cut his body in two. The
corpse has" not been recovered.
Train and Car Collide.
J2AST ST. LOUIS. 111., Dec. 25.— One
nvm was killed and three Injured in a
wreck in the railroad yards to-day
when -a freight train backed Into a
street car. John Daugherty «f St.
Louis was killed and H. C. Ptema of
Virginia City, Nev.,. suffered sprained
ankles and bruises.
Bard Still Improving.
OXNARD, Dec. 23. — Although not
completely out of danger, former Sen
ator Bard, who suffered a fractured hip
in a carriage accident, la Improving and
the physicians feel confident that ha
will recover. He will be confined to
his bed several months.
£ A popular shirt at a | j
/ popular price. Famous g
| for quality, cut and fit ||
i $1.00 and $U5, in 1
| white and in colors
that stay. . \u25a0
!CLO ETT, PSABOOY Jt CO.,
Tror.M.Y. J
D p - Graves'
\u25a0 To©!li Powder.
to discolored teeth. It bright-
ens and whitenp them, hardens
the gums, makes the bre^|^
sweet and the /health good;*
that's a dentist's advice.
In handy metal cans or bottles* 85*
Dr. Graves' Tooth Powder Go*JOYS OF CHRISTMAS WARM HEARTS OF THE PEOPLE
hi Homes and Churches Natal Day i of : ike : Lord Is Fittingly ' Observed
Salvation Army Pro
vides Feast for
Hundreds.
Yuletide Cheer Is
Served in Odd
\u25a0
Fellows' Hall.
It wm at the Christmas dinner of the
Salvation Array yesterday afternoon.
Little "Willie Weoone had just reached
the climax of his dreams. Two weeks be
fore he had received a ticket. The ticket
paid ((Willie had had It spelled out for
him by his big sister Mag, who works in
a. canning factory):
"This will admit bearer to the Salvation
Army Christmas dinner at the Odd Fel
lows* building on Christmas day."
For fourteen days he had coddled that
piece of cardboard, with its mysterious
black "open sesame" characters, as a
mother does her baby. By day he carried
it in his inside breast pocket, right over
the spot that goes thump-thump, thump
tliump all the time. Whenever he thought
of the card the thing that goes thump
thump went thump-thumpety-thump
thump very fast and hard, as if it were
running away. By night the card was
under his pillow, and his dreams were
perfumed with vapors of gravy and
fteaming meats, and he saw mastodon
birds, golden-brown, lying on their backs
with great pitchforks driven into -their
breasts.
Then came Christmas at last. Very
early, almost before it was light, little
Willie Wecone had sneaked out of the
house (he lived up on Telegraph Hill)
end had come downtown, his card safe
over his thump-thump. He came to Mar
ket street, walked up the big thorough
fare to Seventh, then turned to the left
and peered into Stevenson street. But the
narrow way was deserted. And the back
<!or of Odd Fellows' Hall was locked.
It was very cold and the sky was very
gray. There were holes in Willies shoes
and his toes were ticklish with the cold.
Bo he took a turn about the streets. But
when he returned Stevenson street was
Etil! deserted and the door of the hall
was still locked. Through the transom,
'though, there came a fragrant steam that
reminded Willie of the dreams of the last
two weeks. It was too cold to stand still,
though, so Willie went ' off on another
etroll. This time on Howard street he
met some boys who were playing 'Muck
on-the-r'ock," and he joined them. Thus it
was that when he again returned to Ste
venson street it was past 10 o'clock, and
Willie saw what he had feared to see.
The door of the hall was open now and
a big fat "copper" was standing in front
of it. And beneath the bitter sky. along
the cold brick wall, a line of men
stretched almost to Market street. They
were not happy looking men. Their
clothes had holes, their shoes had holes.
Their beards were long and matted and
the cheeks beneath almost met inside
their mouths, as if they were drawing
In their breathe.
WILLIE GETS IX LIKE.
Willie took his place in the line behind
c man whose chocs were tied up witb
twine and who did not seem strong-, for
ie ]«?*: .f*l aJLthe time against the brick
valL There he waited long. /
Finally a man with a red jersey on had
come to the door, the policeman had made
a signal and suddenly the line had moved
forward. Willie came to the red-jerseyed
man and reluctantly gave him the card,
now, it must be said, rather smutted with
finger iuarks. And then he was in.
It was beautiful inside. First of all a
fragrant, warm, gravy-pmelliug wind had
\u25a0truck him softly In the face. And then
It wasn't cold in here. And from the ceil
ing of the big hall there streamed red
vhite-and-blue cloths just like flags. And
there were five long tables, all white, full
of knives and forks and plates and
glasses, and with oranges all along their
miduies. And all over the hall there were
pretty lassies dressed In red waists. And
at the end of the hall there were a lot of
nit-bt scrumptious-looking, splendiferous
fellows, all dressed in red and with big
bra^s horns In their hands. As Willie
*at down in the place pointed out to him
by one of the red-walsted lassies, those
beautiful men all stood up, put their
horns to their mouths and began to play.
And the little girl that sat next to him—
a very little girl with golden hair, but
with thin cheeks that were blue, and big.
dark circles? under her eyes— jumped up
on her chair and began to clap her hands
in time with the music.
Then had come the fulfillment of the
dreams. -Before Willie, whose chin just
sbout reached the table, had been laid a
plate chuck— cram— block— full of good
Pears' Soap is made in a
clean, snn-nooded factory;
then stored a full year in a
dry, airy place, before com-
ing to you.
Is it such a wonder it
lasts so long r
. ' Established in 1789.
PERFECT
Cleanse? and beautifies the
teeth and purifies the breath.
UsBd bj people of refinement
F'fOT over a quarter of a century.
Convenient for tourists,
PREPARED BY
A Modern Bcmedr for lUcumattsm
and all Uric Add Troubles. Contain!
no Alcohol — Opiates— or other Seda-
tive*.
Cores by removing' Urte Add from
the System.
Six bottles for 15.00 are guaranteed
to care or money refunded. Get Fre*
to* PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.;
B<J» Market St.. S. F-
or write to
URICSOL. CHEMICAL CO*
. , Los Angeles. Calif. " J
WWlrtHMTTamlniiiiirnirmri ~» n'liim ifiiimiiHlHllllHßi
things. There was roast beef and tur
key and turnips and mashed potatoes
and dressing and plenty of gravy. And
by the left side of the plate was bread
and butter. And in front of the plate was
a dish of oranges. And at the right side
of the plate was a big square of mince
pie and a big cup chuck-full of steaming
coffee.
And \Vl"i^ had eaten and eaten and
eaten. Once the l'ttle maid to his left, in
her frenzied applause of the music,
knocked lii* fork out of his hand. Ho
ricked It up and ate ani'ate. Another
lime a bit of wish-bone had etuufc *n hi«
throa: end be had to stop and cough for
a moment. Thei. he ate anjl at? and ate
All this time he had been paying some
attention to his neighbors. H<? did not
approve of them. The little golden-haired
girl to his left .lust nibbled like a little
mouse, so busy was she standing up to
clap her hands at the music. And the 1
girl to his right, a big girl, almost four
teen, also did not eat much. She was too
busy helping her four little brothers to
eat herself. But what he disapproved
most of all was this: That all were drink
ing their coffee while they ate their meat.
Willie had another plan. A wise head
was on that little Willie Weeone. Up
where he lives, a piece of mince pie and
a cup of coffee make a meal, not a part
of a meal, not a dessert, but a whole
meal. Willie was going to have two
meals. He was saving the pie and the
FINISHES FIRST COURSE.
So at last he had come to the climax
of his reveries. He ehoved back his plate,
so clean now that the dishwashers, whose
clatte/ing toil he could hear in the depths
of the hall, would have really very little
to do. Then, very, flrmly, be before
him his cup of coffee, still intact, and. his
mince pie.. Taking his spoon, he dug deep
into a dish seemingly full of sugar in the
center of the table. ' Two heaping spoon
fuls he emptied Into his cup, then, after
a moment's hesitation, a third. Then,
raising himself in his chair, he approached
his lips to the rim of the nectar.
Suddenly. . above the din of tinkling
knives and busy forks, there arose in the
hall a long-piercing yell. Knives and forks
stopped in midair. Jaws hung agape,
paralyzed. Consternation fell, upon the
happy scene like a black pall.
The long shriek was followed by a chok
ing, spluttering sound, then regulated
itself into a woeful sobbing. At first every
one was nonplused. Willie Weeone, it has
been said, was small, and it took a long
time to find that he was the cause of the
commotion. ' '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
"What is the matter?" asked a red
waisted lassie, pushing up to him.,
"My co-o-o-offee. I put, I put, I put."
boo-hooed Willie, but he could go no fur
ther.
"What is the matter?" cried the horror
stricken chef, rushing up from the depths
of the kitchen.
"I put, I put, I put." sobbed Willie,
: but he could go no further.
"Qoodness, do tell us what ails you,"
implored Colonel French, he who had or
ganized the whole dinner.
"I put salt, salt, salt in my co-o-o-ffee:"
at. length came from Willie in a burst of
explanation and -misery.
The -dish in which he had delved deep
was full, not of sugar, but of salt.
Thus it is that the happiest day will
sometimes end in tragedy. But this trag
edy proved to be a melodrama after all.
It ended happily. For from all parts of
the hall, at the "explanatory howl, lassies
came rushing with fresh cups of coffee
(unsaited), and Willie Weeone. the upper
button of his trousers carefully loosened,
finished his second meal. .
MUSIC IS ELABORATE.
W'orshlprrn at Simpson .Memorial
Church Henr Grand Strain*.
Simpson Memorial Methodist Epis
copal Church, like all the Methodist
churches of the city, was decked with
flowers and evergreens yesterday, and
the music was elaborate. \u25a0
The, Rev. James 11. N. Williams, the
pastor, chose for his subject, "A Fig
ure, a Face, a Fact," and in part said:
Th* flrure of Christ is the most consDlcu
ous Jn history, towering talleet amonc the
song of men. The face of Christ gleams with
glory divine, lighted from his own personality.
The fact of Christ is ever cumulative, increas
ing in forcefulness with the multiplying cen
turies until, the mightiest magnet of oowtr,
exDresserl tn th« strongest of human affec
tions. Is as though it were strcngthleaa beside
the magnet of moral, > spiritual and divine
power In the fact of Christ.
There are two absolute essentials on which
the whole superstructure of Christianity as
a. supernatural revelation of religion rests.
The one is celebrated at Christmas; the other
at Easter.
Whatever may be postulated and oredicated
of Christianity in its origin and in its out
come grows out of the Incarnation of Christ
and i# Iby resurrection. These are
the supporting, pillars of the. arch of \u25a0 revealed
truth, and Jesus Is the keystone srivlng it
unity, symmetry and . strength. Take these
Dlllars away and you lift out the keyetone
from its place, while the whole arch falls in
ruins around you. But all ' the prolonredly
persistent efforts of every phase of Infidelity
have sienally failed to pull down the oillars
or to lift out the keystone. -. - . .' .\u25a0 , \u25a0
If th« gospels, which a;* our historic
sources, are determined to be but fragmentary
and to embody . Inaccuracies and inconsisten
cies In contradictions, there nevertheless con
front* the Christian and the rationalistic critic
alike a figure, a face, a \u25a0 fact. In the oerson
allty of Jesus ; that can ; never be ; exolained
away
Two thousand ; years of the world's best
thought and greatest achievements.!* cer
tainly long enough to produce a substitute for
Christianity if It be spurious and • hence un
worthy. But there is no substitute. Christ' and
Christianity arc one and remain the satisfac
tion of friends, the astonishment of, critics and
the discomfiture of foes. The ultimate fact of
Christianity Is Jesus Christ* of the ' gospels
with his incarnation,' his miracles and his res
urrection. Deny, this and you have dried ur>
the river's source, leaving- the astonishing fact
of a. sourceless river that has & ceaseles« flow.
Jei.ua is a figure; in a. class by himself. His
face will "•\u25a0 not • admit of delineation t according
to any national lineament. He Is a fact which
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,^TUESDAY,' DECEMBER tUI 1905.
SOME OF THE GUESTS ENTER
TAINED YESTERDAY BY THE
SALVATION ARMY.
refuses to be set aside by any oroceases of
reasoning that will not recognize - his incar
nation and his resurrection. .
HIGH MASS CELEBRATED.
.Mhh.v People Attend the Cerrmonle* at
. St. . ICBKtius Church.
Impressive Christmas services were
held in St. Ignatius Church all the
forenoon yesterday. Beginning early
in the morning, masses were said until
11 o'clock, when a solemn high mass
was sung by "Father Allen, celebrant;
Father Sardl, deacon; Father Francis,
sub-deacon; . Mr. Laherty, master- of
ceremonies, and about forty acolytes.
The sermon was delivered by the Rev.
Joseph W. Riordan. ./
A special musical programme under
the , direction of Dr. .Morris * O'Connell
was given by the male choir at the
first mass, solemn, high mass and at
solemn vespers and 'benediction. in the
evening. To all , these, the mu
sic, as well as the impressive services,
attracted many non-Catholics and the
church was crowded- to the doors.
Father Riordan, taking as his sub
ject, "His Name Shall be Called the
Prince of Peace,*' preached a beautiful
sermon on ' the birth of Christ. He
said in part:
_But some one may object to .calling him
Prince of Peace, who from his very birth
oroved a. disturbing e-omcit to all' the woriJ
and urov«« co now. For no sooner was he
born than Herod was troubled and all Jeru
salem with him. A title is given the child
which alarms the state and the peaceful hills
of Bethlehem are red with Innocent blood.
Ah. brethren, the angels at his birth have
srlven the salutation "Glory to God in the
hlehest and, on earth to men of good will,
peace." Here is the limitation to men of good
will. "Peace I leave with you." was his last
testament to his apostles. "My peace. l give
to you; not as the. world giveth do I give
you," for hig mission had been as. Zachery
In prophetic spirit had foretold: "To enlighten
them that, sit in darkness and in the shadow
of death; to direct our feet into the way ot
peace."
Which nf you knt-elinc there is more like
Christ in poverty?' . What a lesson he has
luuehi to console the poor and teach the rich
the nothinciiirps of \u25a0 earth? Sweet •is : poverty
when borne with" Christ; easy Is poverty in
the hopes of a better life: humble and kind
are riches that worship the poverty of the
babe of Bethlehem. \u25a0
ST. PAULUS CHURCH SERVICES.
Rev. G. A. Bernthal Speaks ' of Most
Precious . Christ mum ii iff.
Christmas day was observed in the
Evangelical Lutheran St. Paulus
Church, Gough and Eddy streets. \u25a0 ;
The main service took placed in the
forenoon, beginnig- at 10:80, before a
very large congregation.'
The pastor of the church, Rev. G. A.
Bernthal, -preached a sermon on the
topic of the day, speaking of the most
precious Christmas, gift of our heaven
ly father. In the course of his remarks
he showed in, an: eloquent; manner, not
only the true salutary worth of this
gift according to the plainly declared
intention of the giver, but also the per
sons for whom it was Intended, namely
for all men- on earth. : .
Splendid music was rendered not only
by the entire congregation : joining in
the sln&ing of four different numbers,
but especially so by. the large church
choir under the direction of -Prof. J. H.
Hargens.
In the evening, beginning at 6
o'clock,- there was -a special children's
service, under a large Christmas tree,
' \u25a0 ' - '- . :\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0: \u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0-
\u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0 ,\u25a0 \u25a0. --\u25a0'\u25a0-' -,' ' .t. -\u25a0\u25a0;,'•'\u25a0, ; I '\u25a0\u25a0 . : " ..--'\u25a0:- .: -\ \u25a0-
- \u25a0 THE GENUINE
;:»« O Avoid :
Alkaline H Imitations!
Imported only Analysis made
in bottles ' Mfmtlßßm. ' by F>ra * er * Co -
like this tar s*h5 * h Avc, N.Y^
A,. . . Kz^*"^** > '^3 shows Syphon
certain cure t?S»i.w_ " J»S*J , r - *. •_ - .
for all disorders P^^^M Vlch y iob^on\y
arising from - , I ' L?^Cll¥j - I ro *° n ; water
Impaired ch«ried \u25a0 with
Digestion |Jwra£i ****
Gost Th * " nnlne is
B i. _ \u0084 ntver told in
Ask Your Physician
' V ' -' '\u25a0'••' :': ' '• - v--'v --' \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0"-•- 7
- - - - \u25a0\u25a0 ...
conducted with the pupils of the Sun
day School numbering upward of 250.
The church choir rendered "Gloria in
Excelsis," and a special choir of young
girls responded very effectively to the
anthems of the. pastor. •
The large auditorium of the church
was filled to its utmost capacity. After
the service all^-the children were sur
prised with fine presents in the rooms
of the Sunday School. . .
SERVICES AT ST. LUKE'S.
Decoration* Bud Muhlc Are Beautiful
• ' Features of -Exercises.
; St. Lukes Church, Van Ness avenue,
as In former years, was a scene of
grand decorations and the music was
also In keeping with past yuletide
services.
'The choir, under the direction of
Wallace Sabin, rendered the sacred
works with wonderful feeling. The
services, which were largely attended,
were conducted by the rector, the Rev.
Burr M. Weeden.
BISHOP VISITS THE CHILDREN".
Holds Service* at the Cathedral MinMon
of the Good Samaritan.
At 11. o'clock yesterday morning a
special Christmas communion service
was held at the ! Cathedral Mission of
the Good Samaritan on Second street
near Folsom, by the Right Reverend
Bishop Nichols and a touching and
beautiful sermon was preached by the
Bishop to the children Vho were as
sembled within the Mission's -doors.
Assisting Bishop Nichols were the Rev.
J. P. Turner, rector of the mission
and the Rev. James , Otis Lincoln of the
Divinity School at. San Mateo.- • \u25a0 \u0084 .-\u25a0\u25a0
The . feature . of Bishopi Nichols- "ad
dress was the fact that'«it was directr
ed entirely to *\u25a0 the of. whom
there was a full quota from the neigh
borhood. The little ones ranged from
all -ages and paid respectful attention
to the words of* the Blsliop.' Bishop
Nicholssaid that thetlittle ones should
bear in mind that the day is a feast
day of Christ and not the feast day of
Santa Claus and that ;lt was from
Christ that all good came and to whom
thanks must be given for all blessings.
On Christmas eve* the choir of the
mission held its yearly festival, singing
Christmas carols, and the' result was
far in- excess of the expectations. .The
£iuging was excellent and the collec
tion for the expenses of the choir
netted a 50 -per cent increase over that
of last year.-. -'
"STORY OF A STAR."
Pastor ' of English Lutheran Church
Takes That n» Subject.
The : Christmas services at the First
English Lutheran Church yesterday
attracted ' a large congregation. An
eloquent sermon on "The Story "of
a Star" was delivered by Pastor Ed
win H. Hadlock.
The choir in. 'its -new vestments pre
sented an attractive picture standing:
before the bis organ 'decked with a
wealth of .Christmas greens. -
The music was splendidly rendered.
The.cholr was made upa s follows: :
*• Sopranos, Miss Florence Walbey, Miss Helen
Wettlg,. Miss Alice . liaising. Miss I^aura Sa
crlson; contraltos, Miss Hulda Hanson,' Miss
E. de Lire: tenor, Mr. Saxe; bass, Frank Er
lln; organist, J. . C. . Fj-fe.
. The decorations were of a particu
larly beautiful character. The entire
altar; was backed by evergreens, :In
the, midst-/ of which blazed out the
name . "Jesus" ; In brilliant electric
lights. The sombreness of the wood
land foliage was relieved by. great
clusters of crimson poinsettias. . - ;- ; -
The services were as follows:
Carol, "God Rest Ye- Merry, Gentlemen,"
traditional melody; carol, ."See Amid the Win
ter Snow," Sir John Goss; anthem,- "There
Were Shepherds," Mylesß: Foster; solo. "My
Soul Shall \u25a0 Rejoice," George. Garrett; Adeato
Fldeles "O- Come Air Ye Faithful,"- V. No
vello; sermon, "The Story of .a; Star"; offer
tory anthem,- "Cradled- all Lowly,", A. F. M.
distance; liynins 224, 225 and 228.
GERMAN LUTHERAN; CHURCH.
Decoration" Beautiful and ' the Music
- Profirrniniiio In Well Rendered.
The " anniversary . of the birth of
Christ was ; celebrated at the . German
Lutheran Church with beautiful . music
and an excellent: sermon; The con
gregation - was large. • ' .
; : The chancel' and altar of the church
were "brightened -by an Elaborate em
bellishment of Christmas: evergreens
; and wreaths^ of [holly berries.
Pastor J.. : Fuehdellng officiated. His
sermon, delivered" In i German, was list
ened to with rapt attention by. his fol
lowers. '.. : >-'/'';...\u25a0;
The .following; musical programme
was well, rendered: ;
Old Christmas hymn; Sanctus, by ' Raith' 1
"Hosanna." • by . Raith; \u25a0 r'Glory to God"'
(Stehle); ."Christ, the Lord,"', by- Handel*
"Choral ' Fugue, "'by v Handel. . -v.-v'
' The choir, was . composed of . Mrs.' B.
Blanckenburg," - Mrs. E. L.* f Geldert;" W:
Horssmann and O.Wendt;. Johannes c!
Raith,' organist r and choirmaster.
ELABORATE; CELEBRATION.
fit. Dominic's Church Gives Splendid
Christmas Programme.
«; The ; , Christmas ' rcelebfation.->r celebfation.-> at 'v> s'£
Dominic's Church was marked ' yesterday
by a splendor J ,"surpasslng > ; the usual bril
liancy; of lihlghc ; festival .for v ; which*, the
church ; is jrenowried. :^The^ decorations
,were'on ! a much larger* scale than ; usual/
the. sanctuary. was beau tifully s wreathed
and • festooned andimany, 1 beautiful cloc-"
trlcal^effects '.were; added. -'; A" large and
Veryl-artistics crib^ a f realistic - repre-
Houses of Worship
Provide Elabor
ate Music. V
sentation of the Bethlehem scene, filled
the; north transepts of the church. It
was of ' most \ exquisite design, the
Workmanship of the holy fathers of the
church. It represented in as faithful a
manner as possible the scene it was in
tended to depict; It was surrounded
by" a myriad of electric lights and wax
tapers.
: A special feature of the celebration
was the- rendering: of the, musical pro
gramme by the i-cgular choir, under Dr.
If.- J.: Stewart, director and organist.
;\u25a0"; \u25a0" Following were the .musical numbers:
Rosseau's mass in D minor; sequence,
•'Adeste Fidelis," and' offertory, ,"Jesu
Redemptor"; Omnium, by Stewart. .
The soloists in the choir were Mrs. B.
Apple,. Miss I.cola Stone, H. G. Elliott
and.C.B." Stone. . .
Miss Helen de Young played the harp
in 'most exquisite style in one number.'
Father Clancy was celebrant. Father
Kelly deacon and Father -Lewis sub
deacon.
An eloquent sermon was delivered
appropriate to the occasion by Father
Cahill." :
Early mass was celebrated at 5
o'clock in - the morning and the sermon
was; at lla. m. '
3IAXY VISIT CATHEDRAL..
Thousands of People . Attend the Ser
vice* at St. Mary's.
From early dawn to late at * night
thousands of people thronged to St.
Mary's Cathedral to worship at the
crib of - the , infant Christ. There was
a great contrast between the new-born
child, ln the lowly manger of Bethlehem
and the -magnificent little image lying
in a, jeweled receptacle with myriads
of candles surrounding it. Yet the
solemnity of the scene was so iraprea-'
sive as to the mind back to the
city : of Bethlehem and one thought
only of the infant in the dimly lighted
stable -where ; kings came to worship
and hosts of . angels kept watch.
At 5 o'clock the Cathedral bells be
gan calling the faithful, to church and
mass was celebrated at half hour In
tervals from that time , up to 11, when
solemn high mass was sung by the
Right. Reverend Bishop Montgomery,
assisted by Very Reverend Father Pren
dergast, assistant priest; Father Hannl
gan, deacon; Father Ramm, subdeacon,
and Fathers Sullivan and O'Ryan, act
ing as assistants to Archbishop Rlor
don.
Father O'Ryan preached a beautiful
sermon on the birth of Christ and told
of the disappointment when he estab
lished his kingdom, which was not the
kingdom :of Rome. Not in Rome, not
even in Jerusalem,' was he born, but in
a .stable he held court; his clothes,
swaddling clothes; his cradle a manger.)
and . his retinue the ox and the ass.
Other kingdoms will disappear but his
never.
-After the solemn higrh mass. Arch
bishop Riordan gave "the papal bene
diction and granted a plenary indul
gence to 'alls thbiye who received* the
sacraments r 'dn''"Christmas day. ' *
DR. CLAMPETT IS ELOQUENT.'
Addresses - Congregation ' on the Ever
living Story of Bethlehem.
Trinity Episcopal Church, Bush
street, corner of.Gougrh, was handsome
ly decorated with evergreens, firs and
floral > festoons, walls, pillars and In
chancel being beautiful with nature's
gifts. ;
The music, directed by Louis H.
Eaton, the organist and choirmaster,
was never more exquisitely rendered at
this church, and the sermon by the
Rev. J Frederick W. Clampett. D. D., the
rector, was impressive in the extreme.
Dr. Clampett in part spoke as fol
lows:'
' The atory of Bethlehem has been before the
world for • 2000 years, and yet It is as fresh
and beautiful to-day as it was in its first ut
terance. .
The reason for this can easily be explained.
No event has ever taken place ' that met the
needs 'of - suffering, . toiling, humanity- as the
birth into this world of him whom we worship
as''- the. t locos — the word; Immanuel — "God
with us." .-. Indeed, It 'may be called a etory
intensely- human. - .
\u25a0 In the days gone by the church guarded with
jealousy the divine Idea centered in this event,
so that the nativity of Christ was not a fes
tival- of popular character. • A great mystery
was. cast 'about his divinity. The life was
viewed as one far removed from man. so that
he was ' worshiped as from a distance.
-But. a {remarkable change has taken place.
The most- scholarly and prominent of the bi
ographies of Christ give due and true place to
his human character. The festival has received
IS A BEER %
]& HM^3iar called Extra Pale, brewed in Cincinnati, 1 /$&
B^^o^^l^K Ohio, by The Christian Moerlein Brewing ¥&5
M fJ^^^^\ C° m p an y- And it is the best beer brewed \\
\mlJiiw \ an y w^ erc - The secret of its purity, flavor, and Jl\
\llmS if ! *• \ excc M ence as a beverage and as a tonic comes «K»|
\rMiß-ik* -r\ from the master brewing of the finest hops, !vts\]
f|f|^^^^-^r^O perfect malt from perfect barley, pure air, r <£sj!
luy^\^Wv\ Connoisseurs prefer Moerlein's Extra Pale ffrfc
\\gi- ir® above all other brews because of its purity and l^apr
\Jvm *^ c P ecu^ ar ty delightful sparkling flavor, Xfs}A
hjf It is the beer of beers— MocrleinV Vl
I | : THE CHRISTIAN MOERLEIN BREWING CO. JA
I3> JOHN H. SPOHN COMPANY (Incorporate) Paciic Co~t Ageafc, £gX J
' : - ' \u25a0 •-. \u25a0 .--.d-ao-M Froat Sheet/ S«a Fmdsco. C»!. -' **;»^*li
O'CONNOR. MOFFATT (8, CO. v
After-Christmas Offering
in Cloak and Suit Dep't
These values are unequaled, and
every garment is the latest and .
most stylish of the season. .*. .*. ;
Heav\-, winter weight, double breasted, long Coat; loose-
fitting box style, made of a fine* grade gray mixture; it has
large bone buttons; all sizes. ai»> f\f\
Splendid, value at ,s>l J«UU
••Rain Coats. .
An exceptional value in a stylish Rain Coat, made of a
fine quality of rainproof material ; has four box pleats ; full
length in back. Colors — olive, Oxford and tan. ** * *f •»/*
uVI 4 • JvJ
..J&lOji oUIIS..
Very pretty style Eton Suit, with Persian vest and braid
trimimng. Colors — gray, navy and black. <TO^ f\f\
Special $«>J.UU
..Silk Petticoats..
Black and Colored Taffeta Silk Petticoats. They have
accordion-pleated flare flounce and four strap bands. Come
in light blue, reds, lavenders, tans, brown, navy, black and
changeable effects. Special value at .....s6*so
Another one is made of an extra quality taffeta silk, has
a flare flounce and five joined riffles and a silk dust ruffle;
different colors. Special value at. 57.50
An all-wool Alpaca Skirt with a silk flounce trimmed with
three rows of niching. Brown, black, navy and changeable
effects. Special. value at $6.00
m
1866
111 to 121 Post Street
a revived Interest in the church, and on every
hand there may be discovered undoubted erl
dence of interest and spirit of -worship.
Briefly, let me put before you those most
prominent phase* of - the story of Bethlehem
•which give to it this unique place. First, it
was absolutely supernatural. In a sense that
admits of.no disputation, the divine linking of
heaven, and of earth then took place, if ever
such a Unking were possible. It was the mes
sage of ar. angel that announced the coming
birth. It was the chorus of the heavenly host
that proclaimed to the astonished shepherds th»
fact accomplished, it was the guiding of a
star that brought into the infant presence the
wise men from the. East. ...
All the incidents that surround the story
prove that In s o far from being an evolution
of natural condition, it was the work and the
message from heaven to earth, from God to
man.
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH FILLED.
Rev. Mr.' Rellly Delivers a Most Im
pressive Sermon.' f
There was a great congregation of
worshipers of St. Paul's Episcopal
Church, California street, near Fillmore,
yesterday morning, which beheld "r" r on en
tering the edifice a wealth of wonderful
decorations appropriate to the season.
The choir rendered the Christmas
hymns and carols with grand \u25a0 effect
and the pastor, the Rev. "William Max
well Rellly, delivered a sermon which
was listened to with the most intense
interest. ;
In part the Rev. Mr. Rellly' said:
We have, as it were, com« to Bethlehem to
day to see the things which the Lord has
brought. to pass. We have listened again to
th« wondrous story, we have suns agala th#
old Christmas carols, and now let us ask what
Is their effect uocn our hearts, what influ
ences will they exert henceforth on our lives.
It matters very little how the heavenly mas
sage comes to us. whether through the lips of
an angel or through the lips of those whom
the Lord has commissioned to tell evermore the
story of his redeeming: love — the effect in all
human probability will always be the same.
Some, like the people of Bethlehem, will simply
wonder. Others, like Mary, will keep th*
words and ponder them in their hearts. Other*
helped, cheered and comforted, will return to
life's duties to fulfill them with e!aJ hearts.
All that beard the tidings wondered. It was
the most wonderfut tidings the world bad ever
heard. It announced the coming of Him
through whom all the families of the earth
were to be blessed. It announced the comlnx
of Him to Trhom the mystic name, the Mighty
God the Everlasting Father, the Prince of
Peace had been given. It declared that Go<l
Almighty — God who ia over all. blessed for
evermore. God who ia the source of all life,
condescended to come among us. clad 'In th^
garments of our humanity: that he had become
Immanuel — God with vs — for evermore.
The Incarnation of the Son of God is the
great fact which we commemorate to-day. Ton
can no more take away this fact from Chris
tianity than you can take thought from living
speech, than you can separate soul and body
and have a living man still. Christianity is
belief in the word made flesh.
Is It ' any wonder that the birth of Je3u»
Christ became th« turning point In history? All
that preceded his coming led up to It. All
that since has followed points back to it. Th^
Incarnation is the fact upon which we should
fix our faith to-day. It Is the fact which
exalts our humanity. Jesus Christ came to
seek and to save us. The nature which h»
took unto himself he carried to the cross
through the sates of death up to the very
throne of Cod.
Continued on Page 5, Column 4.
34
The
I CLOAK ;AND SUIT
DEPARTMENTS
(SECOND FLOOR)
Extraordinary Stocktaking
Commences TO-DAY~Tuesday
Ladies 9*9 * Cloaks, Suits, Costumes,
Coats, Skirts, Cravenettes and
Silk Rain Coats : : : : : :
High Grade Evening Coats
Finest lustrous imported Broadcloth. Various model?- beauti-
fully lined and trimmed; cut long. Colors tan, champagne
and white. Regular prices $50 and tfnrt m ,tf 2c
$45. ON SALE a¥. $29.50 and $35
Tailored Sl/ltS (Long Coat Models) v
Tight-fitting suits of superior Broadcloth in black, blue, red
and reseda* Coa,"ts all silk lined. Regu- C*2oCft <£2fl
lar prices $50 and $45. ON SALE AT and }^'J
New Model Eton Suits
Of fine Broadcloth, colors b!ue, green and gray. Coat and
skirt trimmed. Regular price $45. ON SALE, Cn CA
TO CLOSE, AT jM/.DU
New Eton Blouse Suits :
Of fine Broadcloth. Colors blue, Alice and lavender. Coats
elaborately trimmed with braid; plaited skirts. COO CA
Regular price $35.00. TO CLOSE AT fdd.DV
Costumes and Dresses
Of fine Crepe de Chines and Mcssalines. Colors white, tan
and black; exquisitely trimmed with lace. Regular prices
$75 .. lnd . $7a .. ONSAL^: AT .:.: $40 *«i $42.50
High Grade Gowns and fie autiful Dresses
This season's handsomest and most r*\ nn ~ HH _ n/>rt C»»1a
desirable models are included in this XJi^aTaUCQ DUtC
Cravenette Ulsters (Guaranteed ShowerProoi)
On sale at $7.50, $10.50, $15.00, $18.50
Traveling and Tourist Coats
In English mixtures, 45 and 50 inch lengths. Former prices
$20 . and . s ! 5i0 '.. pNSALE AT - $15.00 a^ $12.50
Sale of Fine Silks
1000 Yards Louisine and Taffeta
In checks, stripes andjacquard weaves. Latest designs
for street wear. Regular value $1.00 O3C
French Surah Checks
Best quality, soft and lustrous, in plain and changeable effects.
This season's novelties. Value $1.25 and $1.50. Ci f)A
I mii^inf* Rrfllante
In black and white checks. Value 85c UJw
Waist Lengths 54 Off Regular Prices
y CorPqstsKearny Sts.-
FEAR FOR THE LIVES OF FIVE .
MEN IX GASOLINE LAUNCH
Tiny Craft From Frfday ~ Harbor *Is
Reported Ashore Near Point
Francis. ' , _
BELLINGHAM. Dec. 25.— 1t is reported
here that one of the gasoline launches
from Friday Harbor which was return
ing from this city yesterday was
driven ashore near Point Francis by
the heavy sea raging near Lummi
Island. There were five or six men in
the boat at the time and marine men
are apprehensive of the possible re
sults.
Naval Veteran Called.
VALLEJO, Dec. 25. — Chief Boatswain
Timothy Sheean, a veteran naval
ofllcrr, passed. away Sunday night at
th« naval hospital. ' He rendered dis
tinguished service in the Civil War
•with Farrag-ut's squadron. He leaves
a large family}
JAIL BREAKERS PURSUED
BY SHERIFF IN AN AUTO
Three \ibrnnkn Desperadoes Captured
After Fierce Fight With Two
Posses.
KEARNEY, Neb., Dec. 25. — Fred Gil
lette. W. B. Warner and Fred Engle
bracht, the men who broke' Jail in this
city last week, have been captured near
Holdredge, where they were brought to
bay In a haystack. They were pursued
until nightfall by. Sheriff Sainmons and
Chief of ; Police* Trlndle, who secured
a:i automobile for." the chase, after
hearing' that the men. had . been
sighted. near Elm Creek.
Xaliir.g a stand in a haystack the
trio fought off one posse with a' re
volver fusillade. Sheriff Gustus; of
Phelps Co"unty_ with several V deputies
then drove upon the exhausted men
with rifles leveled and the men sur
rendered.
Try the United States Laundry. 1004
aiaxket street. Telephone South 420. *
\ - .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26. 190o!
TELL LOVE IN ALASKA AND WED
QUIETLY IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Luther Brown of Los Angeles and Miss
Alice Clark of Nevada Are United.
A romance that had its beginning in
Alaska two years ago' culminated In a
quiet wedding at the Palace Hotel yes
terday afternoon, when Miss Alice Clark
became the wife of Luther G. Brown, one
of the best known of the younger mem-,
bers of the bar in Los Angeles. The
bride, who is an exceptionally attractive
briinette, is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
11. H. Clark of Nevada, her father being
a widely known mining man, whose in
terests in Tonopah and Bullfrog have
netted him a large fortune. Mrs. Brown
is a California girl and a graduate of
Mills Seminary. Although she has spent
a great deal of her life in Nevada, she
has made many visits to San Francisco j
and enjoys a large acquaintance here,
where the news of her marriage will be
received as a pleasant surprise by the
majority of her young friends.
Luther Brown is as well known in San
Francisco as in his adopted town, for he
has taken an active part in politics, most
notably as secretary of the Congressional
committee that managed the campaign
of Congressman McLachlan. Although
the law is his profeseipai Bxown is also
interested in several mining ventures and
it was this fact that was materially re
sponsible for yesterday's marriage. '".
Two years ago Brown and Clark, the
latter accompanied by his wife and
daughter, went to Alaska, and while Mrs.
Clark and her pretty daughter remained
in Nome, th*» young lawyer and Clark
proceeded north to the region of
the Arctic circle on an exploration tour.
It was in Nome that Brown and Miss
Clark first met. An attachment developed
between the young couple and It soon
became known to Brown's newly made
acquaintances in the north that ha was
wooing the fair maiden.. His persistency
eventually won for him a promise of
marriage and returning to Los Angeles
Brown impatiently bided his time until he
could claim Miss Clark as his bride.
It had been originally arranged that the
wedding should be celebrated in an elab
orate manner in the home that the Clarks
are building across the bay, but delaylng
ing contractors upset ' the carefully laid
plans of the couple, and the scene of the
nuptial ceremony was changed to the
Palace Hotel, where the Clarks have been
living* during their stay in San Francisco.
Judge Frank J. Kerringan officiated at
the wedding, which was attended only by
the Immediate relatives of the bride, and
a few hours after he had pronounced the
couple husband and wife Mr. and Mrs.
Brown were speeding eastward' on their
honeymoon trip, which will include a visit
to Washington, where the happy husband
has a business engagement. Returning to
California several weeks hence, Mr. and
Mrs. Brown will make thelr.home in Los
Angeles.
LOCOMOTIVE FIItEMAN
GIVEN MEDAL BY NATION
Rescues a Child From Death, but
! Is Himself Seriously
Injured.
GRAND ISLAND, Neb., Dec. 25. — i
George Poell c County Clerk-elect of this
county, to-day received a letter from
President Roosevelt Informing him
that the first medal of honor*, given
under the act of Congress approved
February 23, 1905, had been awarded
to him for conspicuous bravery in sav
ing the life of a child at the risk of his
own and expressing warm commenda
tion for the deed. .
Poell, who was a locomotive fireman,
ran alongside his : engine to the pilot
and snatched a- little child from the
track, saving it from harm. but. him
self fell under the engine, losing a leg
and being otherwise badly injured.
negrCflagm an turns
his tower into fort
Shot Dead After a Battle With Police
and People on the ;
Street.
PADUCAH, Ky., Dqc. 25.— 1n a battle
between a policeman and John Tice,
a one-legged negro flagman on the Illi
nois Central, who had barricaded his
tower at Eleventh street' and Broad
way, Patrolman r James.: .Clark ''was
shot twice in the hip and: Tice : was
riddled with bullets. by scores of peo
ple with : : rifles and * pistols from v. the
surrounding : streets and ~ roofs.'-. The
negro became enraged." because* some
one threw? bricks at his tower. He
began firing from the tower at • people
on the streets below. When the po
lice attempted to arrest him he fired
on them until he was killed.
COUNTESS ACCUSES -BARON- \u25a0 '..\u25a0:',
OF HAVING DEFRAUDED riER
Alleges That He Borrowed Money Giv
ing as Security,, on; Auto" He ; -' '
Did Not.Own.
NEW YORK, Dec. ; 25— Baron' Fred
erick" Seef eld," whose, ; residence "is : . at
present iny Philadelphia, was arrested
here last night, 5 charged with ; having
secured money > under ', false- pretenses.
Tho : police ; say .that illkai Ilka ' K.
Palmay, " who is * living, at a New.York
hotel, charges that several- weeks ago
she loaned the : Baron ;&\ large sum : of
money,' taking his \u25a0 automobile as se
curity,, and' that afterward f she :learn
ed ' that the . automobile did not belong
to hin; * ::'\u25a0
PRETTY NEVADA GIRL WHO YES
TERDAY BECAME THE BRIDE
OF A LOS AXGEX-ES ATTORNEY.
MES. THAW'S PICTURE
USED BY -BUTCHERS
Placed on Calendar and Fam
ily at Once. Causes
Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The CaU.
•PITTSBURG, Dec. 25.— "Beauty and the
Beast," an art calendars printed in Eliza
beth, N. J., is commanding cabinet photo
graph prices and more, notwithstanding
the fact that it bears the advertisement
of a firm of butchers. It may Involve the
publisher In \u25a0.; a.; damage j suit, because
"Beauty" is recognized as Mrs. Florence
Evelyn Nesbit Thaw, the former model
and show girl, now the wife of Harry
Kendall Thaw, the Pittsburg millionaire.
The calendar chows a beautiful girl re
clining on the skin of a polar bear. The
head of the "beast" remains attached to
the pelt and the cheek of the beautiful
woman Is pressed agalns^ the jaw of the
brute. There seems to have been no at
tempt on the, part of the butchers to make
capital of the Thaw- social sensation, for
they confessed that they were at loss
to know why the calendar became so pop
ular the first day that they could not
hand them out fast enough.
It was all explained "when an agent of
the Thaw family called at the shop and
demanded the entire edition. , At first the
butchers refused and were inclined to be
defiant. But when the 'agent threatened
their arrest and offered to pay a good
price for all that were left, the butchers
surrendered what remained. Then the
agent went, out to buy up. the copies that
had been given away. People are holding
on to them and few who possess the pic
ture will admit it.
THREE MASTED SCHOONER
SUNK IN A COLLISION
Meager Details of Accident to Un
known Vessel on Atlantic
• Coast.
NORFOLK, Va., Dec. 25.— With all
her headgear torn .; away and her top
sails set, an unknown three-masted
schooner has sunk in twelve fathoms of
water six and a' half miles northeast
of Winter Quarter lightship, and di
rectly in the path. of coastwise naviga
tion. The information is contained in
a report made here by Captain Charles
James of the "Merchants' and, Miners'
steamship Juanita, \u25a0 which passed the
wreck yesterday.'.
According to Captain, _ James, the
schooner evidently was the victim of a
collision. Only her topmasts above the
crosstrees are out of water and the ap
pearance of j her topsails indicates that
the disaster, occurred - not long before
the Juanita passed.; No sign of wreck
age was sfeen, however, nor was there
anything ''above to reveal the ..identity
of the schooner. The fate of her crew
is not known.
BODIES OF MURDERED MEN
ON WAY TO PHILADELPHIA
Wife of Victim Unable to Sited Light
- '•\u0084'\u25a0 on ' Recent- .Tragedy •\u25a0 in \u25a0
. Mexico.
EL PASO, Tex.; Dec. 25.— The bodies
of Robert Rutherford and C. W. Mc^
Murray, who were murdered on the
night of December" 17 War Diaz,.Mex
ico, reached here to T night. Mrs. Ruth
erford and Miss Anna .Rutherford: of
Philadelphia, wife and sister of one of
the victims, accompanied ,-i the remains.
They: will leave' for Philadelphia to
morrow. ;
"Mrs. Rutherford stated to-night that
sheVwas unable to aid /the -Mexican
authorities who are ' • investigating the
murder of 'the two : Americans v with .any
information ;,save her own belief . that
robbery, was the sole motive for the at
tack on Finstad's home. "
Tyro Killed in Smash Up.
FORT WAYNE,; Irid., : Dec. 25.-^A
' horse . attached 'to .-'.'a- ;'. buggy. . ran . into
Pennsylvania '\u25a0 special N0.c; 29 'at '•!' Del
phos,' O.,at 5 o'clock this morning," and
Henry yon i Horst iand;;daughter : Rose
were instantly : killed and Mrs. ? Barney
Wahnoff, \u0084 also; a.-, daughter of Yon
Horst, was- severely: injured.-:
FOUND IN T : A BATTERED:' STATE.— OIa f
OlsPit of 223 Fourth • street ! , wag picked up yes
terday mornlnjc at \u25a0 Fourth : andi Howard J streets
in' a badly ; battered \u25a0 state. :..'; Olaen . was • Intoxi
cated . and it^ is likely, he; received *hi». injuries
In ; a, saloon : brawl:;;- He; was- treated' at ( tho
Central Emergency^Hospital ; and i later ' tak»n
to Jail for drunkenness.',, '
FIRE THREATENS
THE TENEMENTS
Big Factory Destroyed in
New York and Panic Ensues
Among Near-by Residents
CROWDS FILL STREETS
Two JUjgn Fight in High Win
dow While Throng Below
Watches Strange Struggle
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— Hundreds of ten
ement babies and their toy-laden Christ
mas trees were carried into the street
before daylight to-day during a fire which
threatened to obliterate several blocks of
the city in the vicinity of Fifty-eighth
Btreet and Eleventh avenue. A six-story
factory building at 534 and 538 West Fifty
eighth street was completely destroyed,
with a loss of $100,000.
With tenement houses on three sides
and with the gas tanks of the Consoli
dated- Gas Company within reach of
showjers of* sparks, the water pressure
partly failed when the fire was hottest.
Fire engines were hastily coupled togeth
er, pumping "In pairs, and this device, to
gether with the bold work of the firemen,
who advanced almost into the zone of
the flames in' order to play on the fire
with the weak streams, finally saved the
hundreds of surrounding homes.
The flre was first discovered when
flames burst from the third-story window
and belched completely across Fifty
eighth street with a roar like a discharg
ing cannon. When the fire department
arrived and tried to put up its compressed
air extension ladders to the sixth floor
the ladders refused to extend. This de
layed the firemen several minutes. i
Half an hour after the fire started, al
though it was still long before daylight,
the rooms of Roosevelt Hospital, some
distance away, were lighted as If by day
light. There was great alarm among
both patients and their attendants.
Such crowds rushed out of the tenement
houses near the, flre that the police from
several stations were called out to handle
them. At'the height of the flre thousands
of spectators momentarily forgot the
burning building in watching a struggle
In the upper window of a tenement-house
in Fifty-eighth street. A man started to
climb over the window sill to drop to the
street In his night clothes. Another man
rushed out to save him. The two fought
in the window above the sidewalk, while
the crowd below cleared a semicircle. A
blanket picked up at hazard from bed
ding which other tenants were trying to
save was stretched directly under the
window. It was not needed, however, for
the; half-crazed man was drawn back
through the window by main strength.
The sun had risen before the last of the
Christmas trees was carried back into the
tenement houses and the danger was en
tirely over. One fireman was injured by
falling glass.
NEGRO PRISONER SHOT DEAD
BY A SON OP HIS VICTIM
Speedy Death for Black Man Who
KIIIn Officer Who Tried to
Arrest HI in.
TAMPA, Fla., Dec. 25. — An unknown
negro this afternoon fatally cut Cap
tain J. J. Mitchell, a special police of
ficer, while resisting arrest. Captain
Mitchell died soon after.. The negro
was placed in Jail, and in. thirty min
utes a crowd of enraged citizens gath
ered about the Jail. A son of the offi
cer who was killed, It Is alleged, shot
and killed the negro through the jail
window.
yMti^y ow is time when you can so joyously avail yourselves of your
ts3p:t $3p : book account with us. If you are on our books, come and get your re- :^^i
kup turn presents here, and— don't worry about the*mo{jey. SSp
Wife On the other hand, if you are not on our books and have not been on
them, come in and get established. A dollar or two deposit is all you need. £Fes&
W&. There are thousands of unexpected gifts received whose equivalent
||/|'; must be returned. Don't worry your after-Christmas pocket-book. Our %jjm
fl$8§;; . MUSIC. CABINETS— One of the nicest gifts for PUILOR CHAIRS— In almost any design and jfifflfc
' KJliflr* '\u25a0"' ' t«if»-f oo f ' at c^ n be fou nd- In finely pol- any price you could ask for. Great uphol- *grr&.
Wm * h &M&^^ n &£ h V?&?£?&:\ s^ered vcloJr and silk covered parlor _ n Wk
Jj^t' sic room. Prices as low a 5...... .\k #k pieces tie from $10 up. Smaller Ro- A < »") 1 1 'TtX/W^
££&»\u25a0: V^g / (j man Chairs, algo upholstered vUIWUv UlWU
«mv avritixg DESKS — Home Desks. Students* PICTURES — Our second floor is a perfect gal- "SmSL
AO-^fi,- Desks and Escritoires : for a lady's corre- lery of pictures, and every one of them has 'vw¥^
<J(m' : -- spondence. In all woods, all styles trift "7 w been carefully chosen for its sub- rrt«% lin -i&rwfc
ITO^; and all sizes. - Fitted with pigeon \ 4 f h Ject and execution. Prices from hUP ]l\\ Jxmlj-
\u25a0•st's'w--' "Qle3 and drawers. Prices as low as^wifU ..;..... ••» UUU r Me
vJajS'- M ?J IRIS CHAIRS— Great easy resting Chairs COUCJIES — A Couch for the library or den. or,
*j^».~ that give comfort to the body and peace to in a small home, a Couch tor the dining- J&£M~
VxfiM' mind. Rich velour cushions goAft f* t% room, makes a most acceptable c:lft.rtrt Tf) i&f-sF'
-f*Z^-- wlth each Chair. We have them in3|U hll We have them at all prices— some ln OT.nil Mf Um*
frKSJEp all woods. Prices as low a 5..... vUIwUv UlwU velour coverings as low as , VjW»>
fw, SOFA CITSIIIOXS — In beautiful BED SETS — A whole now line -SII.K COMFORTERS — Silk and r>-^S:
iVtiX/ . velour and silk tapestries; In of Ruffled Bed. Sets, all com- Sateen Comforters, in all the
tSs^K. colorings both bold and- deli- plete. Arrived practically too delicate shades and color- Vyf*)
A^TfS- cate; iillings of themfi ft A late for the holidays. "Will ingT3: in plain and «r ftft TtWRi *-4
4121 A' . finest silk floss. As \II! if close them out Ar U floral designs. Ah-|||j
jmW: low a* ... . ..... . . *P£g U U for one-third off. J^h |J Q - Prices as low as.. ¥ WlWtf ;
I*^4p TABLE COVERS — In plain and "* SCREENS — They are five and Xo(/$P
few^ 1 two-tone reds and greens and TABLE I.ETEX — The whole line six feet high, of golden oak, >mX
changing olive shades. Large on sele. Best quality Irish and of the dark Mission nn- '^ftyvfe*,
xEt§fc enough for any table. A Linen. What could be neater Ish. with pictorial panels vsHJEi
2fcS(Q£! beautiful gift in- <J»fi nn : than a Table Linen Set? and Inscrip- ftr nn i^S^Mr
Ki^ ' deed - Prlce3 0/ UD in nnircc tlons - P r » ces OH UO
g»?>^ from ........... yi. U H ALL PRICES. from WWW W u r 'g&E;
*&s&&\u25a0. \u25a0;'.'\u25a0 AX3IINSTER RUGS— Piano or folding-door CARPET SWEEPERS — Here Is a gift that your J^afe
jTOBf;- size — 27. by 63 ihohes. Ahigh-pile Parlor Rug neighbor will ho deeply thankful for. We have <3jT£#
/jfviUSk •; in delicate : . two-tone colorings and Oriental none but the best Blssel's Cyco-Bearing is/cSK
ttSMW- and floral > designs. $3.75 Aft An Sweepers. And the prices are away Oft OF Xj^m'K
$hxPw:. values. Special this week . JW I B h down. So you get a bargain and aAy *|*| HflwSj^
Vfc^ v L I L\) yift at once. Our Friedman special fcivw J-. ,
' -LARGE AXMINSTERS — Room-size and BUCK'S — Everybody now* knows what a
little more than half price. . Size -9 .by Buck's Stove or Range is, and hundreds
i«PtI«A. 12 feet^ Rich patterns, soft colors; upon hundreds of people know its v»w&"'
SJAW^- week, to clear the stock, AIM fh Year's. Pric*s from $14..">0 to S8» »^T«^
sp-.-cial w lwilu Terms as low ns St dovya.
THE BIGGEST FURNITURE HOUSE jSgg^
°^ THE PACIFIC COAST T '
IS^^^^^^S___ l! For Infants and Children.
| The Kind You Have
HKiiMyß'f Always Bought
AV^gejahlePreparalionforAs- ]jj ff
ling the Stomachs audßcweiscf I JJ63XS tll6 ff^ \
r ___vv — __ ;| Signature /JQ y
Promotes DigestiorLChcerfur- ill Mr •>/ |s#
ness andßestContains neither M . n f ffk/iff
Opium3forpliine norlGncraL JJ vl. Bi\ \\j
:Not Narcotic. g 4lk\l\r
fimyjiit Seal- §j 11$ •
Jlx.Saina, * \*f &f\ 3
- -"." /i.r_ji._i'.Ljr — %% W\ A In fi \u25a0 II
SSSSfeifir* 1 II I/I
m f\l Al • Übu
A perfecl Remedy for CousKpa- «| I \j tr
lion . Sour Stomach.Diarrhoea ll 1 \&T « *%
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- j« 1 Eg CftP llfDt*
ness and Loss OF SUEEP. i \Jf* FUI UVCI
FacSirruJe Signature of _ _
<£&%%&£ s Thirtu YpsirQ
>^v^yd^^^l^ l ll i \u25a0 ty icciio
~. TNB «cimwi« «o«Murr. ««w *o«* errr.
BANKERS SOX ADMITS
SEVERAL BUEGLAKIES
Says That He Robbed Steam
ship Passengers in San
Francisco.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
VICTOR, Colo.. Dec. 25.— James Old
field, charged with burglary and a sus
pect In connection with the murder of
Frank Scott at Colorado Springs, has
confessed several "burglaries, but denies
all knowledge of the Colorado Springs
tragedy.
Oldfield says his correct name Is James
O'Nell and that he is a son of William
CNell, a banker of Kansas City. He left
home about one year ago. and was given
5150 by his sister as expense money until
she received a latter from him. He never
wrote, never had a situation since that
time and has been existing on money de
rived from burglaries.
O'Xell admits that he robbed a hotel at
Jlocky Ford. He and a confederate also
looted several gentlemen's furnishing
stores throughout the country. When
burglaries were numerous in Denver he
was one of the men who worked with a
gang of thieves' and showed them how to
use skeleton keys.
O'Xeil says that in San Francisco he
robbed passengers leaving steamships. In
Chicago in the City Clerk's office he re
lieved a man of a $10 bill.
O'Neil will plead guilty to burglary,
serve his sentence, return to Kansas City
and begin life anew.
HAMPTON'S ACCOUNTS
TO BE 3IAP3 PUBLIC
Expenditures of Insurance
Agent at Albany to Be
Referred to Committee.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— At its meeting
to-morrow the investigating: committee
composed of live trustees of the Xew
York Life Insurance Company will re
ceive from Secretary John C. McCall th«^
statement from Judge Andrew Hamilton,
which McCall was sent to Parts to pro
cure
The committee is anxious to know all
the details of Hamilton's legislative ex
penditures and will expect President Mc-
Call to throw light on whatever may be
found obscure and unexplained in the
Hamilton documents. This paper whi also
be presented to the legislative investigat
ing committee.
President McCall and his son have gone
over Hamilton's statement together sines
the younger man's arrival from Paris on
Saturday. It is likely that President Mc-
Call will send the trustees' committee a
statement of his own to accompany Ham
ilton's, and this may contain a further
proposition with regard to the $233,000 of
funds paid to Hamilton, which, it will bo
remembered, McCall said he would restore
to the company before December 31, It
Hamilton did not account satisfactorily
for the money. , - , ... ; .
From your neighbor' 3 point of view
your phenomenal success Is merely a case
of bullhead luck. '-' •CHEER OF CHRISTMAS
FOR POOR OF NEW YORK
Thousands Made Happy by Generosity
of the People of the City.
Dinner Served to Vast Throng- in the
" Metropolis of the Country.
XEW YORK. Dec 25.— CnrUtmas day
in New York was marked by the custom
ary suspension of business and the usual
itmlly reunions and generous outpouring
of jmillc an<J private charity. Fully 200,
000 poor persons partook of the bountiful
Chzvstxxuts far* provided In all the city
bospLals and asylums. In missions and
other benevolent institutions supported by
private charity and at the annual distri
bution of dinners by the Salvation Army
and the Volunteers of America.
At the Grand Central Palace the distri
bution of Christmas dinner baskets by
the Salvation Army began early in the
morrlng and continued until the needs of
nearly 60.000 families had been attended
to. In addition to this numerous bundles
of clothing for children and adults were
distributed.
At the Bowery Mission more than 8000
human derelicts were fed, and as many
znora were entertained at the city lodg
lr.g-house. Five thousand newsboys of
the Bast Side feasted at the expense of
it&n&olph Guggenheimer at the News
boys' Club house In East Fourth street,
and the usual dinner for the little fel
lows was serred at the newsboys' lodg
tsg-hous«v
Congressman Timothy D. Sullivan dis
pensed Christmas cheer and presents of
pipes and tobacco to nearly 6000 men at
his headquarters in tlie Bowery.
A tragic Interruption of the Christmas
festivities occurred at the home of Mrs.
Paul Raymond, when her stepbrother,
John M. lluscow. and his friend, Andrew
Casmun. who had been invited to join a
family reunion, were found dead in bed
this morning. The men, who had recently
arrived from Russia; were unacquainted
\u25a0with the use of illuminating gas, and
blew It out when they retired last night.
In accordance with the naval custom of
observing Christmas day as a holiday,
all work was suspended aboard the bat
tleships Alabama, Massachusetts, lowa
eujd Maine at the Brooklyn navy yard
&nd the cruisers Brooklyn and Galveston
at TompklnsvMe. About 2000 bluejackets
and marines received shore leave far the
<Ss.y.
WHITE HOUSE FESTIVITIES.
Vrchle Roosevelt I'lays Saata Claas In
\ Executive Mntiioo.
ASHINGTON. Dec. 26. — Official
Wellington celebrated Christmas by a
S&nh^x suspension of Government bus
iness. Only matters of urgent impor
tance "ere considered, no routine busi
ness l»ing- taken up. All of th«
Governrient'e departments were closed,
but some of the Cabinet officers were at
their desks for a time attending to Im
portant maJ and telegraphic advices._
President ioosevclt appeared at his
office for onlj a brief time — just long
enough in fact to dispose of a few mat
ters of importance that required his at
tention. He did not attend church
Fervic*?, remaining during the morning
hours with tfce members of his family.
A few intimate personal friends called
at the White House, but for the most
part no visitors were received.
During the morning there was a gen
eral gift-giving at the White House.
This exchange of presents was confined
principally to members of the family.
The President's third son. Archie, as
usual, had a Christmas tree in his own
room and from that he distributed his
gifts to the family and the household
people. Mrs. Cowles, the President's
sister, entertained the members of the
family with a gift-giving at her home.
During tlie forenoon the President
and Mrs. Roosevelt went for a long
ride. A' family dinner was given at
the White House later In the day.
Among the guests was Representative
Nicholas L»ongwortli, the fiancee of
rtfiss Roosevelt.
The President has notified the mem
bers of his Cabinet that during the
present week there will be no regular
meetings of the Cabinc*. He will take
\u25a0;p during the week only matters of the
t.--j«!t urgent importance and will re
ctr.e no call#rs or visitors unless their
busifess Is imperative. It is his pur
pose 'o make this truly a holiday week
end h\ will rp^nd as little time as
possible .!» the transaction of routine
business.
\u25a0 \u2666
GREETIXGS CIRCLE GLOBE.
Mrssasre From I)»-\\*v sent to All \>s-
sel» of Xavy.
WASHINGTON, Doc. 25. — Admiral
Dewey'e Christmas greeting to the of
ficers and men of the navy, bespeaking
a united stand for the good of the
country nnd th<» service, was commu
nicated to-day to the officers and men
aboard the vessels throughout the
world wherever they could be reached
by telegraph.
To the men of the navy along th 6
AD VEKTISE3IEXTS.
Piles 14 Years
JTerrible Case Cured Painlessly With
Only One Treatment of Pyra-
mid Pile Cure.
v . /•\u25a0 ,
l>rr Package la Plain Wrapper Mailed
to Everyone Who Writes.
"I have been a terrible sufferer of
piles ror fourteen (14) years and during-
all this time you can have an idea of
how many kinds of medicine I tried.
But I found no relief whatever. I felt
there must be something that could
cure me without having to undergo an
operation which might kill me
"Now, after trying but one treatment ;
of your 'Pyramids,' I am free, free to
tell all sufferers of this dreadful dis-
ease to try this medicine — the Pyramid
"PHe Cure. It will cure when a'l others
fail. Sincerely yours, George Braneigh,
Schellburg, Pa." \u25a0
Any one suffering froni the terrible
torture, burning and Itching of piles
will gxt instant relief from the treat-
- ment we send out free, at our own ex-
pense, in plain, sealed package, to
everyone sending 1 name and address.
Surgical operation for piles Is suicide,
cruel, unnecessary and rarely "a perma-
nent success. Here you can get a treat-
ment that is quick, easy to apply and
inexpensive, and free from the publicity
and humiliation you suffer by doctors'
examination. — -
Pyramid Pile Cure is made in the
form of "easy to use" .suppositories.
The coming of a cure Is felt the mo-
ment you begin to use it, and your suf-
fering ends.
Send your name and address at once
to Pyramid "Drug Co., 9628 Pyramid
Jkßuil<slng, Marshall, Mich., and get, by
return mail, the treatment we will 'send
you free, in plain, sealed wrapper. '
After seeing for yourself what It can
do. you . can get a regular, full-size
package of Pyramid Pile Cure from any
druggist at 60 cent 3 each, or, on receipt
©5- price, we will mail you same our-
selves It be should not have it.
Atlantic coast there wao also sent a
Christmas greeting: by means of wire
less telegraph, which Incidentally
proved an elaborate and practical test
of this auxiliary of the navy. The
wireless messages were aent by direc
tion of Admiral Manner, chief of the
Bureau of Equipment, and the results
were most satisfactory to him. The
messages containing the greetings
were sent out last night from the wire
less station at the Washington navy
yard, and were relayed from place to
place. Early responses came from the
officers nearest Washington, but be
fore midnig-ht many of the stations had
replied, including New Orleans and
Colon and San Juan, the Colon reply
coming: by way of Guantanamo.
Liberal shore leave was granted to
day to the officers and men. while the
dinner served aboard ship was under
the usual custom characteristic of th«
Christmas season. Many of the ves
sels' captains Joined with officers in
the wardroom celebration of the day.
SERIES OF CHRISTMAS TRAGEDIES
Five Deaths the Probable Result of
Holiday Misfortunes.
HOUSTON. Tex.. Dec. 25.— Two men
were fatally burned to-day while im
personating: Santa Claus; two children
were killed, one child was. fatally
wounded and another was seriously in
jured in accidents due to the holidays.
Sidney Anderson, head blacksmith
in the Southern Pacific shops, arose
early to take the part of Santa Claus
and to complote the decoration of a
Christmas tree. He dressed in an im
provised costume made of tufts of cot
ton, and with a long 1 flowing- wig and
beard of hemp. While lighting; the
Christmas tree his beard was fired and
in a moment he was in flames. He
was fatally burned before assistance
came.
Roy Ramer was fatally shot by Ver.
na Bardin, tho 12-year-old daughter
of his landlady. He had presented the
child and her mother with gifts, and
the girl, while skipping: about in ex
cess of Joy. picked up a revolver and
snapped It, saying:
"I will show you how good an aim
I can make."
W. H. Osborn, a South End grocer,
while distributing: presents was
burned from head to foot before the
flaming garments could be torn from
him.
Thelma, the 4-year-old daughter of
J. L. Culpepper, was burned to death
with a toy lamp.
Edward Carter, aged 15. lost an arm
by the explosion of a toy cannon and
received other Injuries from which
death Is expected.
Jose Milando. a Mexican boy. had
placed firecrackers In his pockets and
was mounting his horse to ride to his
home when some one fired the crack
ers. The horse ran away and he was
thrown and killed.
RICH GIFTS TO A COOK.
Banker SehlfTn Famlljr Generous to a
Female Servant.
NEW YORK. Dec. 25.— Jacob H.
Schiff. banker, gave his cook. Lena, a
$5000 check for a Christmas present to
day.
Every one in the Schiff family has
the highest regard for Lena. There Is
not a dyspeptic atom In the dinners she
prepares. Indeed, it is said that the
only reason Schiff wanted to fight Cor
nelius X. Bliss at that famous meeting
of the Equitable directors was that
SchifT was late for a dinner Lena had
cooked.
Mrs. Schiff gave Lena a cluster-dia
m°ull r l ns - Mrs - Fellx Wernburg.
Schiff s daughter, presented the cook
with a gold watch and a neck chain
and Mr. and Mrs. Mortimer Schiff sent
Lena a handsome check.
Lena came to this country to teach
German, but found it more profitable
to cook in German fashion. Twenty
five years ago to-day she fell off a
« iTi^T 8 tr t ee ; so to "Peak, into the
Schiff household. Now she is inde
pendent financially. She cooks for
love of 'the Schiffs and of her art.
CHRISTMAS TREE IX PULLMAN.
-Vow York Ranker Plays Santa Claus
While Train Speeds Eastward.
DENVER, Dec. 25.— Emil Custer of
New York, largely interested In Colo
rado mines, planned a Christmas tree
for his suite in the Metropole Hotel
to-day on the arrival of his wife and
two children from California. Sum
moned to New York post haste by tele
graph, he mer his family at the rail-*
road station. With the consent of
General Agent N. L. Drew of tho Rock
Island, he placed his Christmas tree
in the stateroom of a sleeper of the
Rocky Mountain Limited and started
eastward with his family. The tree
was stripped at 3 o'clock this after
noon while. the limited whirled across
the prairies. A dinner to his fellow
Pullman passengers followed.
CONVICT CHOIR SINGS.
llaaa I« Celrbrated for Benefit of San
Quentin'M Inraaten.
SAN QUEXTIN. Dec. 25.-Rev. Father
T\a!sh sad two Christmas masses here
this morning:, one outside the prison and
iSUft I" I 1 PHsOn llbrary for the
m™ vnf «* o!r «"»kUns of Mr. and
Mre. V. Gilardin. Rose Gilardin and Ella
Mann with Miss Gorman as organist
rendered special music. Many conricto
attended the services at the. prison A
male convict choii 1 of twelve voices ren
dered excellent music. ' '
ST VINCENT, Dec. 25.-Seventy.flve
trained orphans sangr the "Holy Angels"
at the mass held In the Church of the
Holy Rosary at the Orphan Asylum this
morning. The altars were decorated by
the boys. Rev. Father Gallagher spoke
on the birth of our Saviour. It was gala
day at the asylum for the poor orphans
as their friends and the friends of the
institution had contributed liberally. They
gave thanks to the gifts and sat down
to a fine Christmas dinner.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 25.— The Christmas
services this morning at St. Paul's Epis
copal Church will long be remembered by
.the congregation. The music was by -a
full choir of twenty-five voices under tho
leadership of C. Goldfrap, the organist.
Holy communion was served to many
communicants. Rev. Dr. Bradley delivered
the sermon. At the manger service held
last evening many Christmas presents for
the poor and needy children of the dis
trict were donated.
Services were held- at St. Raphael's
Church in honor of the birth of Christ
this morning. The children's choir . sang
at the 9 o'clock mass. Professor Drew
was in charge of the music. Rev. Father
Egan delivered a very interesting sermon
on the natlvltyJ
Rev. Father Phillips said two masses at
the chapel of. the Dominican Convent
this morning. The altar was tastefully
decorated with flowers and evergreens.
The first mass at 6:30 a. m. was a low
mass and the second at 7:30 was. a high
mass. 1/ocsch" s Mass in F was sung by.
THE SAN -FRANaSGO CALL, TUESDAY, DKCKM HER 1905:
Pay %, l /z or % Less Than Last Week
For Remaining Smalt Lots Ail Kinds Hoiiday Goods
Boxed Stationery *fo Off
1906 Calendars Half Price
Every Fancy Calendar in the store offered
at half price, beginning this morning, to dose them
out before the end of the week.
Hundreds of boxes of fine Stationery
that have been used for display purposes so that
boxes are slightly mussed, and hundreds of other
boxes perfect in every respect, one-third off regular
prices this week. ;\u25a0
Display Handkerchiefs
Half-price to Close
As you entered the store during the few days preceding
Christmas you must have seen the elaborate Handkerchief Dis-
play on the right of the main aisle. It took many hundreds of
handkerchiefs to make those massive ' columns with , the great
globes on top. In the lot were ladies' plain' hemstitched, lace
trimmed and embroidered handkerchiefs in four qualities.
Beginning to-day we shall sell them
At Half Off
Cretonne Novelties
Half Price
More or less soiled from handling, but not enough
to destroy their usefulness ;
75c Boxes for Collars and Cuffs, Gloves,
Veils and Handkerchiefs . . ' . .37 l/2Cl /2C
75c Work Boxes for. . ..... 37YzO'
50c Handkerchief and Glove Boxes • 2&C
30c Handkerchief and Glove Boxes • 150
40c Collar Cases ...... . . 200
40c Glove Cases ......... 200
50c Handkerchief Cases . .... . 25c
$1.25 Picture Frames ...... 62)4 O
50c Cravat Cases . 25c
25c Needle Books. • ... . . 12^0
\u25a0J Pincushions, one naif off
Cut (Slass Bric-a-Brstc
Reduced One-quarter to Close
Here is an opportunity to replenish ___
your Crystal Cabinet or to make "re- •
turn gifts" that if you are at all interest- W|
ed in cut glass ware, bronzes, fine china, JJ UV
etc., you cannot afford to overlook. j^^^J^\
About 300 pieces of American Rich-
cut Glassware on sale at one-quarter @^^^^^
off. Assortment includes vases, rose "%^^^^^
bowls, sugar and creamers, water SSs^«tf s? '
pitchers, punch bowls, etc.
$3 Water Bottle . . . $2.25 $4.50 Celery Tray . . $3.38
$4.50 Bowls . . . . . $3.38 $4.75 Quart Decanters . $3.57
$2.00 Handled Bonbon Dishes $1.50 \u25a0 \' '/__
Bronze Busts and Statuettes that were $1.00 to $14.50, a large assortment of
styles, now . . . -. ; . . 75G lo $11.33
Decorated China Vases, about 200 different styles that were 50c to
$20, now. . . . •• . ... . . . . . . . 37 %c to 515.00
75c to $6.50 Bohemian Vases and Rose Bowls, now 57c to $4.88
China Plates— Breakfast and dessert size, 100 styles to choose from, were
$1.20 to $15. the dozen, now . . QQc to $1 1.25
$1.50 to $12 sets Decorated China Salad. Cake and Berry Sets now
• ; • • • • • • • • • • • \u25a0 • $1.13 to $9.00
$1.75 to $35 Meta! and Decorated Oil Lamps now $1.32 to $26.25
Vienna Terra Cotta Wall Plaques, Steins, Fancy Figures, etc., for wall
and den decorations, copies of Old Masters that look like bronze, off
to close.
Misses Agnes Maloney and Mary, Mabel
and Clarice Ena.
LARKSPUR. Dec. 25.-Chri3tmas ser
vices were held in St. Patrick's Church.
Father Phillips delivered an interesting
service. \u25a0
MILL VALLEY, Dec. 25.— Father Val
entin! celebrated high mass in the Church
of Our Lady of Mount Carmel this morn
ing at 10 o'clock. Giorza's Second Mass
in F was beautifully sung by .an aug
mented choir, Miss Maybello Kelly pre
sided at the organ.
Christmas services were held in the
Church of Our Saviour this morning by
Rev. Dr. Howitt. The Christmas carols
sung by the Sunday school children were
a pretty feature.
* SAUSALITO. Dec. 25.— A large congre
gation attended the Christmas -- services
at Christ Episco pal Church to-day, many
partaking of holy communion. The •mu
sical programme was an excellent one.
Rev. Dr. Maxwell preached an eloquent
sermon.
VETERANS ENJOY DAY.
Turkey Dinner, Presents and Fine En-
tertainment for Old Soldiers.
YOUNTVILLE, Dec/ 25.— The yuletide
season has been a time of cheer and
good will for the members of.' the Vet
erans' Home. The first observance of
the day was the religious service held
In Social Hall.; At 12 o'clock 535 vet
erans In the main dining hall and 167
in the hospital did justice to a' splen
did turkey dinner. The great event. of
the day ..was the entertainment pro
vided for the sick « and helpless old
men in the hospital by. Dr. F. v A. =Mc-
Mahon, the efficient surgeon in charge
of the hospital, and his corps of nurses
under the direction of the energetic
head nurse, Miss- Hilda Pederson: The
large hospital was decorated through
out with Christmas, greens; and red
berries. In each of the two main; wards
were placed huge and tastefully, deco
rated Christmas trees, At 6 o'clock the
trees were lighted upi f-I-Each'f.pf £the
sick men* received a Christmas box. No
one was slighted..
Between the, hours of- 6 and 7:30 tne
patients and .their: invited -guests list
ened to a concert by\ an orchestra hired
for the occasion. /At 7:30, a genuine
treat was given' in'the form of a splen-;
did musical : : and * literary ' programme.
All who could repaired -to ;. the : large
hospital dining-room, : where '"some \u25a0 re
marks appropriate \to the occasion
were made by . Colonel 'H.:G./ Burton/
the commandant of the .home: a song
by Major \ George • A.^Crall, a recitation
by the Misses Borman, a monologue by
John; J. Bates,' songs by Mrs.. JV Jerome
Lyon, reading ; by Mrs. Ray, Dennison
Clark;, a monologue' by "Jack" * Mat-"
thews and a duet; by General: and Mrs.
F. M. Clarke ' gave 1 the : old : soldiers
much, pleasure. ; . , ;! *\
During the .day; sacred - music ?was
rendered* for the; benefit of . the : hospital
patients^by. George W.; Fanning "of San
Franclsco.v . . v
Thousands of Holiday articles reduced one-half to
closer Others marked a little more than a half. Goods that have
been mussed or slightly soiled from handling, goods that were
used as store decorations are now priced to positively dispose of,
this last week of the; year, without regard to cost or former sell-
ing price. It is riot a question of how much we can get for
these goods— but, Will the prices we have marked them, sell at
Many American and [European Novelties
, Now One-half Off"
In the big Leather Goods and Novelty
i^^^^^m Departments, main floor rotunda, many short
J^^feQg^3g^^f^a ' lots or exclusive holiday goods remain to be
¥^^M^M^W^lS :: s P osec^ of before January 1 st. To effect
_J^ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0their immediate clearance before inventory
we have marked all of these goods half price.
25c and 50c Novelty Match Safes, Calendars and $1-50 to $10 Toilet Sets in transparent celluloid
Pipe Racks now ... . . 1 30 and 25C cases, now ...:.... 75c to $5
$2 to $6 Jewel Cases— Fire gilt, plate glass 50c to $3 Glove and Handkerchief Boxes, trans-
sides, satin lined, now . .... $1 to $3 parent celluloid and fancy imported effects
Cigar Boxes, Jewel Boxes, Austrian Court now . . 25c to $1.50
Novelties, .Appliqued Leather Novelties, Tap- \u0084.',.-,. .. \u0084• , , ,
to f . „ „ $1 to $15 Handbags— Up-to-date styles that
estry Boxes, etc., etc., all at 1-11 , • , \u0084 J,. .
" are a little shop worn during the big Christmas
Half Price rush, now . . . .... 500 to $7.50
CHRISTMAS JOY WARMS MANY HEARTS
Continued from Page 3, Column 7.
Every son of man Is therefore ennobled be
cause the Son of God became sharer of - his
nature. " •
Shall wo go forth In the knowledge of this
fact, from this our Bethlehem, our house of
bread, with the old Indifference, the old forget
fulness, the old unbelief? ShaJJ we not rather
in that sacrament which ha himself ordained
and or which he said, "Do this In remem
brance of me,", with angela. . archangels and
all the hosts of heaven glorify his name and
then go forth to do our share of the work for
which he became man. He came to seek and
to save. \u25a0• . ' \u25a0 . ; , .
.The babe of Bethlehem Is no longer with
us In the ... flesh, \u25a0 but , his representations aro
here — the orphan, the sick, th» afflicted, those
suffering ' from ; the headache and the - heart
ache of earth. . He came to seek and save,
the lost. He has left us an example that we
should follow in his steps.
RENDER PRETTY NEW CAROL.
Sweet and Sympathetic Composition
Sung at Grace ' Episcopal Church. :
Grace Episcopal Church, California
street, corner of Stockton, in its deco
rations of evergreens twined and hang
ing from its great columns, never pre
sented a more beautiful scene to its
great body of worshipers.
The great; choir., "of , twenty male
voices under the ..direction of V/illlam
H. Holt, the sang with ! won
derful expression , and among the ' num
bers for., an ;offertory anthem was : a
sweet and sympathetic carol composed
by the rector, the Rev. : David' Evans,'
and set. to music by; Horatio "WV Parker,
entitled "Come, Gentiles, rise, and : let
us go, > Thi- Christmas, morn , our King
to, greet.'-' v •
"The first service was at: 8 o'clock, at
\u25a0which sixty, parishioners made .'their
'Christmas communion. :;. The second
service .was at.ll. o'clock, at which
there was a, large congregation, y
The Rev. : Mr. Evans preached a : short
sermon I from • the : text, "His ' Name shall
be- called .'Wonderful.' " .' He v said in
part: C
I 'am sorry.- for .the man' whose' heart' does
not resr>ond -to ' the genius of , the Christmas
season. \u25a0 Every year, it- comesito us^fresh and
Invigorating;'.; Age • cannot wither J nor • custom
stale . its Infinite • variety. :- It ; never : wears i out.'
Like* the -beat' kind of . a" friend? It improves : on
acquaintance, v- for •'\u25a0 the K cheery ; spirit of : the
gracious : love brings out of his treasures things
new, and old and. as he visits us from; year to
year,, with | the magic ! of his I waving ( and
the alchemy of .his Infectious charity: he makes
. the ' solitary ; places glad and the wilderness to
rejoice ' and \ blossom . t? the \u25a0. rose, v . •. \u25a0» > •
Evening prayer, was said ; at 4 o'clock.
CHELDREX MADE HAPPY.
. Volunteers of 'America ': Distribute ';.Tpyii
to. Many,- Youths.
,oLast nighty at Lyric Hall several
hundred ;. boys and *\u25a0\u25a0' girls were . ' made
.happy . by a Christmas tree anfi festival.
One-quarter off Aprons
Used in Xmas Displays
These are the aprons with which that pretty booth on the
second floor was constructed and trimmed. They were handled
a good deal during the display, but sustained no injury that
laundering will not repair. We, however, could not return
them to stock in a soiled condition and so take one-quarter off
regular prices to dispose of them this week.
Aprons Marked 35c, 42c, 68c up to $1.25
Reduced to 27c, 31c, 51c up to 94c
Short Lots High Class
Imported Metal Wares
Reduced l A to Close
The Coffee machine, Pudding Dish, *^^_ t
Chafing Dish, or five o'clock Tea Kettle \u2666esSsi*^.Aite«<-jJB?'
that you have been wanting to buy. can i"feHgl^>''
be bought here this week at the littlest .\iX/7
price you ever heard of such good qual- $ssiotp%l[
ities being sold for. We have a few (T^^S^m
dozen odd pieces of' fancy* imported :l .**" ; : 'V''
staple metal wares which are now reduced one-quarter to
close. Besides the articles mentioned above there are Bonbon
and Fruit Baskets,* Pudding Dishes, Teapots, Candelabra, etc.
$2.50 imported metal Teapots now • • • ..•."'/..'.":" $I*B7
$5.00 imported Russian Coffee-pot • • • $3*75
$8.75 Tea Sets, four pieces • • . . . • ... . . $6*55
50c Metal Cake Baskets, China base 380
$5.00 Candelabra, five holders, for •• $3*75
Chafing Dishes that were $5. $7.50 up to $12 • .-.\u25a0• • • •
. . . . ... . $3*75, $5*65, up to $9*oo
Steam Coffee Machines, imported, that were. $3.75 to
$8.50, now reduced one-quarter.
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-, -^^i_M|glM— nm "
"^^P^BS**" 8^ AM E R I C A'S GRANQEST 3TORE
Each youngster was presented with a
toy. of some kind and It was indeed a
happy evening for them all.
Colonel Waltor Duncan and wife are
leading workers of the Volunteers of
AmericA. The '\u25a0 Volunteers have been
at work for some time, soliciting from
charitable people and from the churches
for the benefit of orphan boys and
girls and those whoso parents were not
In' circumstances that would, permit
them to make" Christmas as happy a
day for their offspring as it should be.
On the stage was an immense Christ
mas tree, bedecked with brilliant dec
orations and around It was a heap of
toys. Many of the little ones may
suffer some to-day from indulgence in
candy, as they were given plenty of
sweets.'
A musical entertainment In which
children were the performers afforded
plenty of amusement. The Volunteers
saw that none of - the<c_hildrea went
home without a toy. Strong effort was
made on the part of the organization
to bring "every poor child there to get
a Christmas present. A Santa Claus
was ion the stage distributing the. toys.
/This organization did some noble
work also in the distribution of baskets
of ; food. to. the '.poor. All last Saturday
members were kept busy sending
Christmas dinners to the poor.
SIR KNIGHTS ODSERVE DAY.
Members :. of ' Golden Gate - Comma ndery
~:\ Take 'Part In" Impressive Services.
Christmas -was * celebrated by v Golden
Gate Commandery last night at Golden
Gate : hall with ; songs, speeches and
toasts ; by]: many "prominent; members ; of
the order. \ Members of .Mission^Com
mandery and California Commandery
were present as 1 guests. Following is
the programme: . .' .
". ' "Invocation,".' Sir P." W. -G. ' Moebus; toast,
"To . the , Most •: Eminent Grand Master* ' : re
sponse -\u25a0 oi '\u25a0- «rand master:: music, '.'Noel"
(Adam). -Sir Knight C. I*. Goettlng and choir:
toast.'-'.'The Grand Encampment of the United
States", :-" response -by ;Mnst Eminent - Past
Grand :; Master < Reuben Hefitey Uoyd;- music.
"Nazareth" . (Gounod), ' Sir Knisht L. A. - Lar
sen: and choir; : toast,- "The Grand Commandery
of California" ; response by the Very • Eminent
Deputy : Grand i Commander, 1 Sir Brllsfonl ' Pease
Flint; music. "King of Glory", (Shelley),; choir;
toast, "California - Commandery - No. -. 1" ; re
sponse by . Sir .'Knight > Samuel N. . Shortridge;
music, -"'.'Christ, \u25a0 the > Lord ;is Bora. ? (Gounod),
choir •-. toast, • ' 'Mission : Commandery > No. 41" ;
response by a Eminent ,; Sir Alexander •. lll.ldle
ton . Cox; 1 ' music* "Babe -of Bethlehem",- (War
ren)," choir: \u25a0; toast, "Golden "Gate - Commandery
No. - IC* ; >j response 'by - Sir Knight Joseph C.
Campbell ;"i music. :"Who Art '.Thou* - (Schneck
er),~^ choir: * sentiment,* >- : "Templar Masonry In
California" : ; response '- by; Sir Knight .William
Harrison White ; . sentiment,-: VLlght'.' ; ' remarks
by ; Eminent '\u25a0 Sir .Harvey Davis Loveland ; ; mu
sic,; '.'Hear Us; O, Father". (Owen)/. choir; toast,"
"Our Country";; response by; Sir Knight Frank
McGowan; '."Star Spangled .Banner," '. by the
choir; benediction/ Sir -William Henry. Jordan.
Squares and Shawls
Used in Displays
„ One-Quarter Off
Quite a lot of square and circular knit
Shawls that have been used for display pur-
poses marked to close out this week:
$i.so Shawls for $1.12
$2.00 Shawls for 51 .50
$4.00 Shawls for $3.00
After Christmas Sale
Hurt Toys— Half-price
The Toys and Games are as practical as . ever. Some of
the covers of the games are broken or lost and some of the toys
soiled or slightly damaged. All of these are to be closed out
during the coming week at half respjlar price.
We have a few Dolls with soiled or mussed clothing that are
also to be sold at half off regular prices.
In this same second floor department some Framed
Pictures that have been slightly damaged in display are marked
to close out at one-quarter off regular prices.
t, 000,000 Soap Bubbles
Blown by the Famous
Soap Bubble Fountain
Don't miss seeing this splendid mechanical novelty
— A fountain 25 feet high, topped by a figure of a
Fairy. The bubbles flow from the top of the
fountain and are caught on their downward way by
two large porcelain bowls, finally falling in snowy
white masses around a large octagon base. Numer-
ous colored electric lights "ingeniously placed in the
fountain shine through the millions of bubbles, pro-
ducing an effect indescribably beautiful.
Fairy is an oval cake of pure, white, floating
SOAP; and the remarkable results obtained by its
use in the fountain demonstrate its superior quality.
Come and see the Fountain while it is running,
and bring the children with you. Main aisle at
Jessie street entrance.
New Year's Necessities
in Groceries and Liquors .
Many Specials for Tuesday and Wednesday.
Jell-O— 3 packages 250
Currants— Choice quality, 16 oz. package; 3 for . > ';,.. *l'. ':.;. \T-. 250
Raisins— Seeded, 12 oz. package. 3 fo'^l^PSP^J^l^^H^^^'^OO
Cranberries — Fancy Cape Cod. 2 quarts . . . . . . . . . . . 350
Plum Pudding— Atmore's or G. & D I* 22c , 2s 4Oc
Table Raisins— s lb. boxes, 3 crown - - . . 90oi 4 crown. $1,15;
\u25a0 5 aown - - 51.40
Table Raisins— l Ib. cartons, 25c; 2ji Ib- cartons . SOo and 65c
Table Raisins— Loose. Ib ...,t 150, 200, 25c
Glace Fruit— Best in burned boxes, 2 lbs. $1mOO; Ib- 600
Coffee— Best Mocha and Java. Ib*. $1.OO; lb. . . . . . . 29 C
Smyrna Figs — la wooden boxes, box 25c
Catsup— Snyders or Blue Label special 190
Soups or Beans — Spanish-American, doz. 950; 3 tins .... 250
O. P. S. Whiskey— A very fine $1.50 quality, bottle ..... $1.05
Tlpo Chiantl Wine— Red or white, special, quart 55c
Marquette Rye — Worth $1.25 bottle, special 7Sc
Rhine Wines — Genuine imported, Rudesheimei or Braunbetgex — instead of
$1.00 a bottle, case of 12 bottles \$ 7. SO; single bottle • • - GSo
Cordials— Assorted, decanters • ... - . - ... . \u25a0 780 and $1.00
Dinner Wines — Sauterne or Zinfandel. good quality, gallon . . • 750
Whiskey— Hermitage or Old Crow, straight goods, gallon . . . $4mOO
Paul Masson Champagne — Finest domestic champagne made, pints,
80c; case of 2 doz. pints. $18mOO; quarts. $1.50; case of
I doz. quarts- f . $16.00
Whiskey— Emporium A Bourbon, gallon. $3.OO; quarts. 85c;
pints SOO
Hock Wine — A good Sonoma County wine, gallon .... .... SOo
Swedish Punch— The best imported bottle $1.50
Whiskey— Wilson, Rye or Paul Jones, bottle \u25a0 850
Fruit Brandies— Apricot. Peach or Cherry, bottle 750
Cherries in Maraschino— Half pints, 25c; pints. 40c; qts. 600
Flasks — Fancy wicker filled with either wines or liquors from. ....
•• ...... HUO to &i*UU
Imported Champagne —
Mumia'i-Rnti. $1.15) quaru 52.75
Cliquot -Pints, 51.85; quarts 52.90
White Seml-PilUi. $1.45; qu.rtt $2.75
CROWD WOULD DEAL HARSHLY
WITH JAP FOR STABBING BOY
Throng: Surges About Hospital In Effort
to Get at T. Opeo, Who Stabbed
James Irwln.
Policeman Roppa, with the assistance
of the members of the Central, Eme
rgency Hospital staff, prevented T. Opeo.
a Japanese, from being harshly dealt
with by an angry mob that crowded
around the. doors of tho hospital last
night and fought to get a hold of the.
Oriental. The mob was driven into an
angry mood over Opeo's cutting a boy
named James Irwin. of 354 Clementina
street, In front of the Alhambra
Theater.
Young Irwin and a number of other
youths were fooling with Opeo In front
of the theater, when suddenly he drew
v knife and plunged it into th« boy.
As soon as he had done the deed he
ran for his life, with an angry crowd
after him. He ran Into a house on
Stevenson street, near Fifth. Special
Policeman Alvarado went Into the
house and placed him under arrest. He
was taken to the hospital to be Identi
fied by 'lrwin. .
As ;he ;was "about to " be 'taken inside
the angry crowd made a desperate ef
fort to take him from the policeman
and considerable resistance was neces
sary to save him.
The Jap says he was robbed. of a" gold
watch and chain, a locket valued at $6
and 526 in coin. \u25a0
Festivities End In Tragedy.
MEMPHIS.. Term., Dec; 23.— As the
result of the promiscuous firing of their
revolvers by a party of negroes noisily
celebrating-^ Christmas Frank Poston.
one of : the most prominent attorneys of
this city,' was shot and killed to-night.
Poston was standing on the sidewalk
in the vicinity of * his home when the
party" of negroes appeared. He was
struck by a bullet irom the revolver of
one of the party. He died from the
effects of his wounds shortly before
midnight.
Pardoned on Christmas.
COLUMBUS, O-, Dec. . 25.— Governor
Herrlck to-day granted two Christmas
pardons.. Patrick Moran. serving a life
sentence from Cuyahoga County for
murder in the second degree, and Mar
vin Kuhns, serving a life sentence from
Seneca County for murder In the second
degree/ were ;the lucky, men. Both had
the* recommendations of the Board of
Managers, the Warden. and the officials
of the penitentiary. Moran and Kuhns
left the institution together.
Christmas .Tree Takes , Fire.
- SAN JOSE, Dec. 25." — F. G. El kins, edl
torlbf the 3 Santa'' Clara News,; had both
hands : severely "" burned this evening
while extinguishing a blazing Chrlst-
CUBAN GOVERNMENT ASKED
TO ASSIST THE PLANTERS
Aid Requested for Men AVhose Tobacco
Crops Have Been Rained
by Rain*.
HAVANA. Dec. 23. — At a meeting: to
day of the Senators and Representa
tives In Congress from the province of
Pinar del Rio, It was resolved to re
quest, the Government to aid the plant
ers whose tobacco crops have been
ruined by the recent rains. Com
mittees were appointed to wait -on the
heads of the Departments of Public
Works and Agriculture to request them
to push the construction of public
works in the province and otherwise
to provide employment for the workers
In the tobacco growing districts.
HAVE YOU
Asthma ?
Well, then yoa ought to know about th» cure
of Mrs. Mackinnon. You ought to go and talk to
her and let her teU you herself how for twenty
years she suffered with the very worst form of
asthma, how she doctored and doctored, pet-
ting worse all the time. AND HOW IN ON£
MONTH'S TIME AXl> AT A TRIFLING EX-
PEXSE SHE WAS CURETD BT ELECTRO-
im&^SSS Bay, txrrb. Deafness nnil
Mrs. Mary ilaciunncn. a distance try to coin*
. 2111 Essex »t.. for consultation. W«
Berkeley. will loan you otic
Sbrty-four years old. Electro-Chemlc appa-
Now well and hearty, ratua and cure you at
1 home.
ELECTBO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
The Only One on the Coast.
3rd Floor. Emma Sptecfcel* Buildins.
927 \u25a0 Market Street. San Franeiaco.
Office hours: 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9
p. m. dally: Sundays. 0 a. m. to 12 m. Sepa-
rate apartments for ladies and gentlemen.
JmBTCD'c) CURE SICK HEADACHE.
faiTTiz Genuina Must Baar
WIVER Fao-Simile Signature
| PILLS. J^. \u25a0-
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
INSULTER OF WOMEN GIVEN
SEVERE PUNISHMENT.
Accosts a Berkeley
";Ath!ete's Wife
to His Woe.
BERKELEY . Dec. 25.— Enraged by a
Vicious and most insulting attack upon
hls wife, Walter Christie, trainer in
the athletic department of the Uni
versity of California, this morning
avenged the offense by beating M. C.
Bailey until the latter was scarcely
able to stand. Bailey's insulrs were
offered to Mrs. Christie on the uni
ver.sity campus as she passed under
the oaks close to the Dana-street en
trance. Christie secured such repara
tion as the memory of a sound beat-
Ing given to the offender inspires, and
eecured it within 200 feet of the spot
in the campus where Bailey stood
when Mrs. Christie was obliged to en
dure his advances.
Officer Killian, an assistant to
Gr<3und Superintendent Hugill, re-
X-orted the affair to Marshal Vollmer
et noon, and search for Bailey was at
ance begun. The campus was scoured
and the surrounding territory of hill
£nd town examined, but no trace of the
who had been so summarily
punished by Trainer Christie could be
found.
Mrs. Christie was almost prostrated
by the shock and excitement incidental
to her encounter with Bailey. She re
pulsed him when he approached her
on the campus, and fled as fast as her
feCt could take her to the Christie
home on Durant avenue. The husky
university trainer listened with flam-
Ing cheeks to the wife's story, and
then, without a word, hurried forth.
He did not go to the police with a
complaint, but went at once to the
campus. His wife had given him a
good description of the fellow, saying
that he was a man of about 50, with
dark gray mustache, wearing black
"clethes, short of etature and with a
.countenance best described by the sin
gle word 'evil."
Christie hunted his man for thirty
minutes before he encountered him.
Wben the prey was discovered Chris
tie recognized him as Bailey, a citizen
\u25a0who had been arrested by the police
last summer for insulting women.
TJ Ithout much preliminary conversa
tion, the big trainer waded Into Bailey,
informing him between punches that
the campus was an awfully poor place
In which to Insult and attack defense
less women and that the climate here
3s particularly unhealthful for men ad
dicted to that sort of thing. Bailey
was pummeled and pounded and rolled
In the dirt, until Trainer Christie be-
Jieved the proper amount of punish
ment had been administered. Then,
with a parting kick Bailey was pushed
Into Strawberry Creek, from which he
emerged, wet to the skin.
Report of the affair was later made
1o Ground Superintendent Hugill, and
SCOTT'S EMUL.SIOX.
BOTH FOOD
AND MEDICINE.
We like best to call Scott's
Emulsion a food-medicine. It
is a term that aptly describes
the character and action of
our Emulsion. More than a
[medicine— more than a food,
yet combining the vital prin-
ciples of both. It is for this
reason that Scott's Emulsion
[has a distinct and special
value in all wasting diseases.
There is nothing better to
remedy the troubles of im-
perfect growth and delicate
health in children. The action
of Scott's Emulsion is just as
effective in treating weak-
ness and wasting in adults.
SCOTT ft BOWNE, 409 Pearl Street New York
(BERKELEY WOMAN WHOSE HUS
BAND THRASHED THE WRETCH
WHO INSULTED HER.
his force, with several men from Mar
shal Vollmer's office, hunted for Bailey,
without success.
Bailey's name appears on the police
records, with the information that he
was booked by former Deputy L. J.
Moran on August 19. His residence
was not given at that time, and he
was released a few hours after he was
arrested, upon his own recognizance
apparently, promising to cease insult
ing women.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
CHARLES KOHLER DEAD.-Oakland. Dec.
iast~^M €S A°i hl i r - a retlred mer ch«nt. died
75 years o!d "ln th ' S City - He was
Burel^T > S „ ROBB ED.-O.kland. Dec 25—
of7\*Eam pVm"* 1 " Wlndow at «»• borne
SstnEhrf ( J IcrBer ' 1232 Slxth avenue,
last night, effected an entrance and stole $25
25 -t£ IS? «f RGYMAN.-Oakland. Dec.
CRIPPLE'S PROTECTOR STABBFJ) ai.
iiiiiii
MIDNIGHT HOUR OP MTTBTr- ai
alleged that^rW^?^ Wife 5 tt^tT J°-
Pletcher Simms, also known m J F wmi/ m i #
Oty Trustees -cf Alaraeda to have the tidai
canal declared open for the purposes of navl-
Cation and requesting their assistance In ac
ccinpljshng." that purpose.
tv Pl 4.^ NEW. FREIGHT TARDS.-Oakland.
pec. -.V— The Southern PaclSc Company will
mmediatriy after the first of the "et" 7 begin
the work of constructing freight yards, and ex
tensive docks on the «outh side of the estuary
These yarCs will extend along ,th« harbor from
v\ PbEter street almost to Alameda Point! The
ehlp yards which ar* now located on the south
side of the harbor will be forced to seek new
quarters as soon us th« work Is begun, notice
having already been served-- on' the owners to
_.Y A *'' I>Alj DESTROYS CHURCH MUSIC—
Oakland. Dec 25.— 1n an effort to prevent the
presentation of the Christmas cantata. "The
£l ans t. r iITCTie -" at, the First Methodist
Ciiurch, some vandal stole the music ; of the
cantata just before the last rehearsal, and
tearing it up. threw : th« parts into the spac*
between the church and the building ln the
rear. Several members of the choir had taken
their books home however, and • this enabled
Director J. K. Robinson to present the can
tata without, trouble.* . ,
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CAL^; TUESDAY,: DECEMBER 26, 1905.
PUTER REMAINS
OUT OF SIGHT
Officials Api>arently De
ceived by Declaration Wife,
of Man Made to Them
IS ACCUSED OF FRAUD
Wisconsin Officers Would
Like Much to Get Glimpse
of Land Case Witness
BERKELEY, Dec. 25.— Such hope as
was Inspired in the breasts of the Police
Department and the Federal officers of
San Francisco by Mrs. S. A. -D. Puter's
statement last week that Mr. Puter,
earnestly desired by the authorities in
connection with the Oregon land fraud
cases, would arrive from the north last
Saturday night has died.
Mr. Puter was to come In on the steam
er Pomona from Eureka. His wife said
he was "up in Mendocino County on busi
ness." He would "surely be back on the
Pomona by Saturday . night." He certain
ly did not arrive, and the secret service
men are at sea.
The hunt for Puter, alleged to be a land
swindler on a bier, s*cale, i 3 now on in
earnest. It is feared that he was warned
in sufficient time to. permit him. to leave
the country. The net will be drawn about
him if any trace of "his whereabouts is
found, and when he is caught the officials
believe they will have landed a very large
flsh from the troubled waters of the Ore
gon land fraud pond.
Puter was scheduled to come forward
in January as a witness in the land fraud
case against Binger Hermann. He was
released months ago upon his promise to
appear, with Horace McKinley, in -the
capacity of a witness. Now it has devel
oped that he has operated, apparently
since his release, as a swindler, procuring
a large sum of money from Hiram God
dard of La Crosse, Wis., selling Goddard
title to timber land in Oregon which he
never owned. The title was fraudulent.
The Wisconsin officials telegraphed to
the authorities here three weeks ago to
arrest Puter, and since that time diligent
6earch for him has been made. . Mrs.
Puter said her husband would appear as
soon as his business in the East and
Mendocino County was finished.
AGED SIINISTER DIES.
BERKELEY, Dec. 25. — Rev. George
G. Wickson, 84 years old, father \u25a0of
Professor E. J. Wickson, died "this
morning at the home of the latter, 2723
Bancroft way. He succumbed to an
attack of grip. For fifteen years he
had resided at Professor Wickson'a
home. In his early life he graduated
from the Auburn Theological Seminary
and served as a minister in prominent
Presbyterian churches of New York' for
twenty years. He leaves three chil
dren; Professor Wickson, G, _G. . Wlck
eon" Jri and Mrs. Alfred,^ "Vv^a^orth of
Seattle. The funeral Services 'Vwill be
held Wednesday.
WILL OPPOSE ORDINANCE.
OAKLAND, Dec. 25.— Committees ap
pointed by the Merchants' Exchange
and the Oakland Real Estate Associa
tion have named Wilbur Walker of
the exchange and Hugh M. Cameron of
the Real Estate Association to oppose
the adoption of the proposed license
ordinance. The representatives of the
two bodies will appear before the City
Council to-morrow evening. The Oak
land Board of Trade will be requested
to appoint a committee for the same
purpose.
CHARGED WITH INSANITY.
OAKLAND, Dec 25. — Because he
created a disturbance at the Raymond
Hotel, 568 Twelfth street, of which he
is the proprietor, aged Peter Knutson,
whose actions for some time have given
his relatives cause to think him insane,
was arrested last -night and charged at
the City Prison with disturbance of the
peace. It is probable that his daughter,
Miss Anna Knutson, will swear to a
complaint charging her father with in
sanity.
WEDDED IN SEATTLE
WHEN CITY WAS SMALL
A ged Pair Watch Town Grow
From Tillage of liO
Inhabitants.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec. 25.— Forty years ago on
Christmas eve ' Clarence B;- Bagley mar
ried Alice M. Mercer, daughter of Thom
as Mercer, one of the founders of Seattle.
At the time of the wedding Seattle, was
a town of 140 adults. Last night when
the couple celebrated the anniver
sary of their wedding forty pioneers who
were in Seattle at the time the | nuptial
ceremony was performed' were present.
The church In which they were _ married
stood upon the present site of the Boston
block, one of the most valuable pieces of
realty in the city to-day. -Four genera
tions of Bagley descendants gathered ' at
the home of the aged couple last night to
do honor to the occasion. .
MODESTO ATTORNEY
WINS POPULAR BEIDE
Ora Stephens of Woodland
Becomes the Bride of Ji
Waldo Hawkins.
WOODLAND, Dec. 25.— A .wedding of in
terest to society people "of. -Woodland,
Oakland, Fresno and \ Modesto " occurred
here to-day,' when Miss Ora Stephens of
Woodland became the bride" of J. Waldo
Hawkins, a prominent young attorney of
Modesto. The bride : is the daughter of J.
J. Stephens,^ a wealthy and prominent
pioneer of • Yolo -, County, . and ris a ; gradu
ate of Mills College,: Oakland. Mr. Hawk
ins I; a son - of '. Assemblyman • N.-. A. 1
Hawkins and a graduate of f; the law
school of the University of; Michigan. \u25a0 '
Belacco Tires ;of Portland.
PORTLAND, Dec. 25.f-After an ex
periment of thirty weeks Belasco &
Mayer have announced^ that , in ' two
weeks the Belasco.Theater. in this city
will close. The : Belasco ,was ' formerly
the Columbia: Theater, land; under that
name. and under several 'managements
was not a" success; "'..Then '\u25a0Belasco :&
Mayer purchased the: ; property, pre
senting several excellent . stock .com
panies in : various . high" > class .'plays."
Slnco opening in this city the firm has
spent $130,000. - :
Moroccan : Sultan' Protest*.
TANGIER,, Morocco, Dec., 1 2 5.— The
Sultan of Morocco ; refuses '= to ; agree to
theK holding /of >thej; international rcori^
ference on Moroocan reforms" at Madrid
Instead of Algeclras.
EDUCATORS PLAN
BUSY MEETINGS
California Teachers to Hold
Thirty - Moth Session in
Berkeley During the Week
MANY PEOBLEMS AEISE
rapers on Programme Cover
Wide 'Eange of Subjects
of Far-Eeaching Interest
BERKELEY, Dec. 25.— Every ar
rangement Is complete for . the great
gathering of school teachers, on the
university campus this week, when the
California Teachers' Association \u25a0 holds
its • thirty-ninth annual session ; in
Berkeley. In addition to this event
the campus is to be the scene, during
the coming week, of sessions of the
State Farmers' Institute, the Library
Association of California, the School
Board convention and the Cordilleran
section of the Geological Society of
America.
One o^f the most notable figures on
the list of visitors who will deliver ad
dresses during the week Is Dr. ;A. C.
True, director of experiment stations
for the Agricultural Department at
Washington, D. C. Dr. True is to speak
during the sessions of the Farmers' In
stitute. The teachers will listen to him
with the farmers to-morrow afternoon,
for the nature study department of the
Teachers' Association will hold a joint
session with the Farmers' Institute at
that time when Dr. True is to speak on
"Why the Friends of Agricultural Edu
cation Believe That Agriculture Should
Be . Taught in the Public Schools."
On, Thursday morning, at 9:30 o'clock,
Dr. True 'will read another important
paper before the Farmers' Institute on
"A System of Agricultural Education
for California." At that session Gov
ernor Pardee Is to be present and de
liver an address to both teachers and
farmers.
COUNCIL WILL. WORK. y I
The session of the council of educa
tion, ,the principal committee of the
Teachers' Association, will be held
Tuesday morning in the Philosophy
building on the campus and the ses
sions will continue throughout the day
and until noon on Wednesday. To
morrow afternoon, in the Alhambra
Theater in San Francisco, there is to be
a general session of the association,
when Mayor Schmltz will deliver an
address of, welcome and speeches will
be made by Superintendent Langdon,
President Alfred Roncovieri and Super
intendent' Frank B. Cooper of Seattle.
On Wednesday and Friday \u25a0 after
noons the teachers will hold important
sessions, in Hearst Hall or the Greek
Theater. President Wheeler and Dr. A.
E. Wirfship of Boston will speak on
Wednesday afternoon. Dr. Winshlp
will speak again on Friday afternoon,
as will. also Superintendent,!* D. Har
vey of Wisconsin. >\V*- jV ', '•
Regular department work "\u25a0 will,' be
given attention, beginning on Tuesday
and continuing through the week, Eng
lish, mathematics, physics, chemistry
and commercial branches being some of
the subjects which will be discussed.
The buildings on the campus and some
of the churches will be utilized for
these sessions.
The complete programme .of the
Farmers' Institute sessions is as fol
lows: '.">" j'yjv
Tuesday Afternoon. Dec. 20, 2 o'clock— "Why
the Friends of Agricultural Progress Believe
that Agriculture Shoud be Taught in the Pub
lic Schools," A. C' True, Director Office or
Experiment Stations. United States Depart
ment of Agriculture, Washington. D. C. Dis
cussion led by E. W. Htlgard, professor of ,
agriculture Berkeley: T. O. Crawford, County
Superintendent of Schools, Oakland; R. L.
Beardalee, Assemblyman Twenty-third Dis
trict, Stockton; L. D. Harvey. Wisconsin.
"School Gardene" ; B. M. Davis, Chlco Nor
mal School. Discussion led by D. T. Bateman,
County Superintendent of Schools, San Jose;
Edward Hyatt, County Superintendent of
Schools, Riverside; Miss Bertha Chapman, su
pervisor of nature study. Oakland. .
Wednesday Morning. Dec. 27, 9:30 o'clock —
Address, Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president Uni
versity of California.
"Experiments in Agricultural Education in
This and Other Countries ; What ; They Should
Teach "Us," L. D. Harvey, superintendent
Stout Training Schools, Menomonie. Wis. Dis
cussion of Superintendent Harvey's paper led
by A. C. True. Washington. D. C.; Edward
F Adams, editorial staff San Francisco Chron
icle: George R. Lukens, State Senator Fif
teenth District, Oakland; , Lerdy Anderson, di
rector California Polytechnic School, San Luia
Oblspo. General discussion. .
BUSIXESS IMPORTANT.
Wednesday Afternoon, Dec. 27, 2 o'clock—
"California Aspects of the Animal Industry,"
E W. Major, assistant prof eesor animal in
dustries; "Promotion of the California Poultry
Interest," M. B. Jaffa, assistant professor of
agriculture; "How to Secure Sanitary Milk,"
A. R. Ward, assistant professor of veterinary
science and bacteriology, -or C. M. Harlng.;ln
structor in veterjnary sciences and bacteri
ology. ; .
Wednesday evening, Dec. 27, 8 o'clock, in
Entomological Laboratory — "An Evening with
Entomology," C. \u25a0 W.. Woodworth, associate
professor ; of entomology, and W. T. Clarke,
assistant superintendent Yo* Farmers' .' Insti
tutes; dedication of new entomolical labora
tory, reception with addressee and exhibition-
Thursday morning, Dec. •. 28, 9:30 o'clock —
Address. - His Excellency George C. Pardee,
Governor of California; "A- System of Agricul
tural Education for • California— Elementary.
Secondary, University," A. \u25a0 C. True, Washing
ton, D. C. Discussion of Dr. True's paper led
by A. L. Cowell. editor. Stockton Mail; E.\ J.
Wickson. Berkeley; ,C. .W. /Woodworth, '\u25a0 asso
ciate professor of entomology, Berkeley. . /
\u25a0 Thursday afternoon, December 28, 2 o'clock—
"Utilizing, the Depths of > Our Soils." E. ,W.
HUgard, professor of agriculture; "The Future
of Irrigation In California, S. Fortier,. assist
ant professor of irrigation; "Teachings 'of Ex
perience in Irrigation,"- J. B. Neff.v conductor
of Farmers' Institute irr Southern California;
"Some Practical Aspects of. Seed Testing,",
Miss Alice F. Crane.
Friday morning, December 29, 9:30 o'clock —
"Concerning Some; Common .Sense. Ways of.ln
teresting School Children In Nature Studies Re-,
lating •to Agriculture, ' Viticulture, ' and Farm'
Life," John Swett, Martinez ; discussion led by .
O. P.- Jenkins, professor of /physiology/ Stan
ford University; J. H." Ackerman, , Oregon. U.
"The Industrial Use of the. ; Imagination,'/; E. \u25a0
J Wickson, dean. of the college of agriculture
and acting director of ; agricultural' experiment
stations of the- University of •California. \u25a0 and
superintendent of university extension In agri
culture, Berkeley ; : discussion V led '„ by, ' Peter J.
Shields, c Superior H Judge, - Sacramento.
• Friday \u25a0 afternoon, i- December ; 29, "\u25a0> 2 o'clock — '
"Cereal Improvement,"; G. 1 * W. '\u25a0• Shaw, ' assistant ,
professor of agricultural- Technology; "The
'Needs of California Viticulture," F. TV. Blo
letti, assistant professor *of viticulture- - "'Or
ganized Effort Against Plant Dlseases/VR.-E.
Smith, "assistant professor of plant -pathology; ':
1 "Farmers' Institutes and : Co-operation...",, D. .T.
Fowler, conductor of Farmers' Institutes.
CHRISTMAS^ IN ; BERKELEY.
, BERKELEY,' ; Dec. 25.— Christmas ;in
the .universityy.town'. was .'celebrated
with such demonstrations j' as ' always
occur : ; ; in well )' regulated yfamily,,.com
munities. -The; churches .held;' special
services 'yesterday,' anditd-day the cele
ibration ..was . confined 7 ; to the - homes 'of
the people. : Stores .were; all closed, ' and
, the / shopkeepers;' ;; rested • f ronV ' their
labors. .; The postofflce ; men, \whbj have
been :iwbrked ; like '- : slaves, 'V. ended^their,
labors;' at moon; whenjhundredsfof . per-*'
sons were, given Uheir^ Christmas pack
ages. . : The postofflce "has"; broken ;. all
records .in the matter Sot \u25a0 mail handled
aUthis"seasonYof^the/>year. {Thojcrusli
has been Iterrificjlfor'- two '/.weeks,/ cul
minating I Saturday • in (a jam ' that \ kept
the entire : force ; busy "until; long after
WEAK GIRL
MUST FACE
IRON LAW
United States District At
torney Will Proceed With
Criminal Prosecution of
Defaulting M. Lulu Bowen
WORKING UP PLEA
BASED OX TEAKS
Effort Will Be Made to
Spare Thieving Woman : if
Robbing Man Who Ruined
Her Can Be Apprehended
OAKLAND, Dec. 25.— With dispatch
and decision the Federal officers have
cleared away all of the preliminaries and
prepared themselves for the prosecution
of Miss M. Lulu Bowen, self-confessed
embezzler of more than $7000 of United
States postoffice funds while she was
clerk at Postoffice Substation No. 1 in
this city.
How strongly that prosecution will be
presented is a question not fully .deter
mined^ It rests largely upon develop
ments during the coming two or three
days. While the authorities safeguard
ing the Government's interests are not
going on record as to their intention,
there is current in official circles what
appears to be a well-grounded theory
that Miss Bowen is not considered by the
postofflce authorities the real criminal.
Though she has confessed to the theft,
the idea gains. ground that the prosecu
tion should be \u25a0 more strongly 'pressed
against Louis W. Baker, the man in the
case, according to Miss Bowen's own
piteous story.
Baker's continued absence and silence
in the face of the flaring publicity which
has been given to the remarkable defal
cation tends . yet more strongly to con
vince the officials that the missing printer
had guilty knowledge of the source
whence came the thousands of dollars
Miss Bowen says she gave her erstwhile
employer and friend for the mere asking.
That Baker has toyed with the confi
dence of a weak woman is the confirmed
belief of those who have been investi
gating the circumstances.
FRIENDSHIP STROXG.
For years the pair have known each
other. Since childhood their acquain
tance has run, so Miss. Bowen explained
to her patroness, and benefactress, .Mrs.
Matilda Brown. It has leaked, as such
things do leak, that Baker had .been a
constant visitor at the station, so con
stant that gossip's nimble tongue had
long been busy.
Mrs. Brown heard of these frequent
calls. She taxed Miss Bowen long ago.
Otfiers, not entirely disinterested, had
mentioned the friendship Baker mani
fested toward the .young woman. It
did not seem quite right in the eyes
of the curious, for Baker was married.
But Mirs Bowen's explanations were
satisfactory to Mrs. Brown. The elder
woman was told that her protege was
an old childhood friend of Baker who
had given Miss Bowen employment as
a bookkeeper to help her make her
living. The only objection was Miss
Bowen's handling the books at the
postofflce. This she forbade. This
bookkeeping was the excuse at least
for Baker's, constant attentions.
Whether the work was of such a na
ture as to require such.unremittlng.at
tention is problematical. In the busi
ness district Baker was not considered
as Al. His establishment was not so
extensive as to require a large staff
of employes. In fact Mrs. Baker has
herself admitted that her husband was
not heavily engaged. It is likely Miss
Bowen was aware of Baker's condition.
She has Insisted from the start that the
money she turned over to him was
given with the distinct understanding
that it should be used in the business.
SAYS BAKER BORROWED.
She asserted to-day to Postal Inspector
,R. W. Maddern and Assistant District
Attorney Everett Brown that Baker had
merely borrowed the money to meet tem
porary financial exigencies. . Miss Bowen
said the coin went to pay off his em
ployes and meet other obligations. And
her persistent . reiteration compelled the
belief that in this she was sincere, even
if the; future shall discover how she may
have : been duped. 1 :-';
It is the firm belief to-night of the post
office authorities that . Miss Bowen has
been left: in the lurch by Baker, that
even : though : he might not . have contem
plated : flight when he departed . last Sat
urdey, he is now a fugitive, with the
hue; and cry of' the United States' Gov
ernment after him. "At the Baker home,
997 Tenth street, ; to-night : all was inky
blackness and silence pervaded the place.
Not a 'word, had: been received by Mrs.
Baker from her husband, and this Christ
mas day 'was one -of unutterable sadness
to a trusting woman.
- The Bakers have been married about
ten years. The wife came from the East.
She was in litigation several . years ago
with an uncle named, Merrill, whom she
charged "with defrauding her of $7000 or
$8000. She lost.the suit. A suggestive re
mark: reported to have been. made Satur
day by Baker to his foreman gives color
to the theory that he contemplated* flight
at that; time. It is said he declared "if
anything -should happen before I. return
keep the office running for my wife."
INTERVIEWS PRISONER.
Attorney Brown, . representing his
mother, and Inspector Maddern, Yin
charge" of the case for the Govefn
mfcnt,:helda,long. interview this morn
ing"with Miss Bowen '.at-, the County
Jail.Xbut of the talk with her nothing
was * made - public.- It ; is ; strongly sur
."misedi that Miss . Bowen's friends, will
make ; - an to induce the iGovern
!ment to" prosecute 'Baker, when he shall
be arrested.^ and ; permit Miss : Bowen
\u25a0to give State's evidence. -While none
of ; the family i, or their. 1 representatives
v will. admit, that 'such- a move is con
templated, there Is y good,, ground for
, this ;assertidn.V Much investigation has
-been j made >: to \ discover £ property! be-
I longing.* to Baker upon .which a ; levy
may .be- made' in'behalf : of . Mrs. Ma
tildaT-Bfown, V. who 'was : the- clerk of
sub-station^ No. .ll It-; is also said that
the" Bowen' family contemplate offering
all 'of their financial resources toward
meeting -the shortage -in their 'sister's
accounts.' -This": shortage has \ been un
der-^expert; investigation 7 since the em
bezzlement was;dlscovered and; the to
ital' *was £ practically ;r- reached " j to-day.
The? defalcation; amounts ? to /a » trifle
less i than" $7100;> The : exact- figures - will
be 'withheld : until the Government !
YOUNG AND OLD
ABANDON CARE
Eesidents of Alameda County
Join in the Merrymaking
of the World's Holiday
BUSINESS SUSPENDED
Inmates of Public Institu
tions and Poor of City
Receives Gifts and Food
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— Once again has
the good St. Nicholas made his annual
visit to the thousands of homes in Ala
meda County, and to-day the little folk
were reveling in the joys of Christmas,
while th«ir elders were none the less
happy in the quieter festivities of the
Yuletide season. Every store In Oakland.
Alameda and Berkeley had closed Its
doors in recognition of the anniversary
of the birth of the Savior of men, and
merchant, city and county official and
workingman alike joined In the celebra
tion of the holiday.
\u25a0At the County Infirmary, County Jail,
City. Prison and other institutions on the
eastern shore of the bay no effort was
spared to make the day a pleasant one
for those who have little cause for re
joicing, bountiful Christmas dinners being
served in all. The Salvation Army and
the Volunteers of America served dinners
to many of the poor of this city, and
many a homeless wanderer was made
comfortable by a holiday feast.
The King's Daughters of the Twenty
third-avenue Baptist Church visited the
County Infirmary this morning and dis •
tributed fruit and flowers to the inmates.
Police Judges Smith and Samuels this
morning went to the City Prison and re
leased twelve persons who were arrested
yesterday for drunkenness.
Archery and golf tournaments were
held to-day at the Claremont Country
Club, and at the close of the games a
Christmas dinner was served in the club
house.
Amos W. Evans, one of the best known
business men of Oakland and a popular
member of the Masons and the Elks, was
married this evening to Miss Matilda
Stonier. After their honeymoon Mr. and
Mrs. Evans will make their home in this
city. • . '
The annual Christmas festival of the
Home Club of East Oakland will be held
Thursday afternoon, December 28.
THIEVES TAKE
MISER'S HOARD
Spree of Stingy Seattle
Man Costs Him Large Part
of the Savings of Years
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Dec. 25.— For years Michael
Murphy, who has lived In a miserable
shack on the sand spit, has been known
as a miser who had much wealth. But
not until last night was the amount of
his worldly possessions known. Murphy
started to spend Christmas on the night
of the 23d by going on a spree. He
picked up a few companions in some of
the less desirable saloons and took them
home with him. Yesterday afternoon
when he awoke, as is his custom he
went to his" treasure box to look over the
wealth he had . accumulated by depriving
himself of many of the necessaries of life.
When he examined his strong box he
found the following missing: A certifi
cate of deposit for $1500 on the Canadian
Bank of Commerce, one for $300 on the
Scandinavian Bank and one for $75 on the
Seattle National Bank, Great Northern
pay checks calling for $130 and $12 In cash.
PIONEER OF NEBRASKA
KILLED BY GRIZZLIES
Simon B. Clark of Omaha Loses Him
Life In Battle With
Bears.
OMAHA, Dec. 25. — Simon B. Clark of
Omaha, one of the best known pio
neers of Nebraska, was recently killed
In a battle, with grizzly bears In the
Big Horn country. The news was con
tained in a letter from a ranchman
named Adams, who said Clark's horse
came to his ranch on December 21.
Recognizing the animal. Adams fol
lowed the trail back five miles Into the
mountains, where he found the badly
mangled body of Clark at the mouth
of a cave and beside It two dead griz
zlies.
. Clark, who was generally known as
"Blondy," was an old soldier and was
well known as a plainsman and hunter."
He has held numerous public offices in
Omaha.
makes Its demand to-morrow for the
missing funds. In what shape and
upon whom that demand will be made
has not been determined ~
Mrs. Brown holds herself morally re
sponsible for the \ defalcation of Miss
Bowen because Miss Bowen was her
own" selection. Postmaster Dargie will
open sub-station No. 1 to-morrow
morning. But the office will not be In
charge or Mrs. Brown. \ The successor
to Miss Bowen will be Miss Jessie E.
Logan, who for several years has been
clerk at the, Alden sub-station. This
means that Mrs. Brown will be relieved
of the unhappy post which she held so
long for the sake of the young woman
who betrayed her trust.
CASE TO BE PUSHED.
Maddern to-morrow will place the
case of Miss Bowen before the United
States District Attorney, who will take
such further action as shall be con
sidered due the matter. The arrest of
Baker will be demanded. Settlement
of the shortage will .take place to-mor
row, f As to : her attitude toward the
case Mrs. 'Brown said to-night:
"I feel sorry for Miss Bowen. She
has .done Uwo men's work there for
weeks .past and got : nothing extra for
it. During the holidays there has been
a very large amount of business and
she attended to it all alone. For my
self : I cannot say how It will termi
nate. If the Government decides that
I ; am responsible for the loss I shall
make It good; but at the present I do
not know-how things will shape them
selves. To-morrow we can tell better
what can be done. If Baker used the
money to pay. off . a mortgage It may
be: there, in the business and I "may be
able to \u25a0 recover \u25a0 some of > It. ; I have al
ways-believed .that I; was responsible
fpr the office. Lam under bonds for
$3000 Vor have ' been. I*do - not know
whether the bond has -: been renewed
or not" WBkmWUkmkmWbt-
LICENSES WILL
BE APPORTIONED
Crucial Time for Berkeley
. Liquor Men, as Trustees
• Will Eeduce the dumber
BALLOT TO BE TAKEN
Only Ten Out of Twenty-
Three Now Doing Bpsk
ness Can Eetain Permits
. BERKELEY, Dec. 28.— A session 0*
the Town Trustees that will aeal th«
fate of the saloon-keepers of Berkeley
la to be held to-morrow nlffht. at which,
time the Trustees will put thirteen
saloon men out of business. The num
ber of drinking places has been re
duced by ordinance from twenty-three
to ten, and to-morrow' the fortunate
ten are to be cho9en by the Trustees.
The measure reducing the saloons la
perhaps the most radical action ever
taken by the governing officials of
Berkeley, so far as the liquor Interests
are concerned. It Is .expected to re
sult In the wiping: out of all saloons la
South Berkeley, where two now exist.
and to reduce the number of liquor
shops In West Berkeley to half the
present number. For weeks the liquor
men have exerted every Influence which
could possibly be brought to bear on
the powers that be, each man trying to
save his own business from destruction.
Some of the saloon men that are affect
ed have conducted Institutions In West
Berkeley for so many years that their
places are almost historic. Dennis
Landregan la one pioneer and Fred W.
Munday is another. A score more, with
these two men, -will watch the ballot-
Ing to-morrow night, as men watch the
movement that spells life or death for
them.
Originally, it was planned by tha
Trustees to have each Trustee say what
men should Lave saloon licenses in the
Trustee's ward. This would have placed
almost all the responsibility on two
or three Trustees, and the plan was
abandoned.
The modus operand! to-morrow will
require each Trustee to name ten liquor
men whom the Trustees think are de
serving of licenses. The candidates
having the most votes will get the
coveted permission to do business. Each
man thus favored will hereafter p«/
$600 a year tax instead of $300, 3
tormerly.
THIRTY-OXE HORSES'
AND MAN DIE IX FIRE
Seattle Stable aaf Three
Lodging-Houses Are De
stroyed by Flames.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Dec. 23. — One man was
burned to death and another was so
overcome by smoke" that he is now in
a dangerous condition and thirty-one
horses were burned or suffocated In a
fire that broke out in the rear barn of
the Montana Stable Company on- Wash
ington street, between Fourth ' and
Fifth avenues, early to-day, and com
municated to the New York, the Mon
tana and the Washington lodging
houses. The monetary los 3 will not
exceed $15,000. It is supposed that
some one passing down the alley threw
a lighted match through a wooden gata
Into the part of the barn where tha
fire started.
POLICE OFFICERS ARE BADLT
BEATEN BY GANG OF TOUGHS
Sergeant and Patrolman Roughly
Handled by Hoodlums In the
Capital City.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 25. — In attempt
ing to quell a row that occurred in the j
Art Dance Hall this morning Police Ser- *
geant Wilson and' Policeman Arthur^
Ryan were set upon by a gang 'of
toughs and badly beaten. Wilson was
knocked unconscious with his own club
before he realized that resistance was
intended, and then the entire c~owd set
upon Ryan and badly beat h.'m. "The
Buff Kid" and Charlea Craig are under
arrest as the ringleaders and will be
prosecuted to the full extent of tha
law. Both officers were severely Injur
ed, but will recover.
SACK OF FLOUR IS USED
ASA FIRE EXTINGUISHER
Prompt Action by Guest at Chrlitmn-%
Dinner Prevent* a Serious
Blaze.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Dec. 25.— A sack
of flour saved the residence of W. H.
Schulze from destruction by fire to
day. While the family was enjoying
lta Christmas dinner the chimney
caught fire. One of the guests grabbed
a sack of flour, climbed to the roof
and poured it down the chimney ex
tinguishing the flames.
Tito Killed In Train Wreck.
MERIDEN, Miss., Dec. 25.— 1n a rear
end collision on the Alabama and
Vicksburg Railroad at Chun key. Miss.,
this afternoon, two men were killed,
three others seriously Injured and a
number of passengers badly shaken up.
The passenger train had stopped to un
load baggage when a freight train
running, close behind crashed Into the
rear coach.
Jones— What have you got that string •
around your finger for?
Brown— My wife put it on so that I
should remember something, I forget
what -it was. I'm keeping It on now to
remind me to ask her what It was when
I get home this evening.— Boston Tran
script. ,
\u25a0^~~-~-- =-— 1 PositiTely cured by
PA ETTFD O the ' c Little Piiis.
vMlil Ll\O Tbe7 also relteTa Ws-
l»EgH . tress frora Dyspepsia, In-
• T Tib filiation and Too Heartj
S-l IV.TR Eating. A perfect rem-
lil niiiP «t7 tor Dtaliieaa. Nausea.
fill FflLtaw* Dnwslnasa, Bad Taste
JS|rVg»| la thQ Month. Coated
SS^'^a&g Tongn?, Pala la tHe Side.
1 — iTORPTD UYER. TtC7
regulate toe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICL
I carters! cIKE SICK BEADACfI£ -
CBittie : Geauins Must Bear jA.
Spill? " Fac " SilniJe Signature
Weekly Call, $1 Per Yeari^^pK^^^^B^^^^^^^^^r highly prosperous year for Pragers. Prices have been slashed to ridiculous figures so as' to insure<^^
WT &m ll Nik fflSmX swift sales and many of them for the last week of 1905. This is not a "clearance sale, v nor an "Inventory Sale," in the general acceptance V^sS,
! \ \t ft . F3 Worn mM&) I of these terms ; P ut a genuine, honest endeavor to give values such as the shopping public of San Francisco has never been offered before J^^^
ilk Jo k ;; V 1 IHi WMBmv —a great ambition, but one that Pragers will leave no stone unturned to accomplish. .„-'••-• „•• , / <:i^\v^s
IILL^" ™* *J*j^wg/^m rftE^r Watch closely every item announced during this marvelous sale, because it will pay you well to do so. „ |v^
/ M\ f^^^^^^ oU Probably .54 to V 2 Off On All Toys Underprked
\W,\ x^* _s^j^^ N /ygy/I fit vizainc This includes every item in the toy department, with the exception of, heavy We have placed some prices on these goods
• " lI CCU XjWilcLlWo wheel goods. While not complete the assortments are still good. ; which will make even the most economical ~*&
-^ '$. -2^-£ — Z^ Most P c °P le do around holiday! -^- \u25a0 - ~-> — > - - shopper stop and wonder how it could be ; \u25a0'-^-
juTt es U n demand hav ou a S j^^^^^^^" ~^^^^^~^ V^^^^^ mXiall^nd s wSfs "^tff thS whol^
v y^\ J& t?r%^nvfi were so low. *t^?M^& 25 ° Pi eces °* Tennis Flannel — In stripes and pretty checks, made ex-
Wy\&& ItcCOlU «/ 9^7 Curfains for 75c Pair WB£ml2&£ MM9 0 B » B l^ • - T« «&/ pressly -for night dresses, pajamas, children's dresses, etc. CAAf
V^'' T3»- n r . I nn n • r 4>i»T^^p BVffHlSSßll&^/fb&IT&E U&r VAE if* fb 4? I* W Specially priced at, a yard v/t"wv /t" w
I j^Mj Breaking S:S SS foM^Sr muunery FTices ISpl W^^^^^^SMM^^oi
\ K^nm I Prices for ar! ° r Thi^week will witness a grand final price-cutting in our millinery depart- 300 Pk« s d oi w^^^
! '"s<$H&H Mon'c »-""« ' . ment. Ihe cost of the goods will be a secondary consideration, the prime object stripes, checks, etc.; regular 25c, 30c and 35c goods, reduced < f7^-
j • fmjLT/U irien 5 being to reduce the stock to the lowest notch before the next seasonopens. See to, a yard.. lit
KlJil Furnish- Wnmen'S ShOS the g° ods and then ivi vd S e the magnificent offermgs announced here: lOC
] Vtvfflss Iflrl/lIICII J w^llUC 35 Trimmed Hats, each marked to c _ . c Two dozen Children's Hats, such as have sold '
•I Wyllf/jyk \rtnc \ & • * sell at $10 to sl2.- On special sale at W antf- JO readily at $4.00 and $5.00, will go n * n j »•-. •- » > \-^ : 9 -^
1 Wm> /n ff s Savings $2.50 * i ...\u25a0 •# Big Reductions in Infants \
M H n ' s dk Pur n - f Lincn i H t r titchc z f w; have gathered sev. and 98c Q|^|b^l^lt 50c and 75c ~ n j £ £j \ A rejj** W<>ar
Ay 71 J.undred pairs 125 Black Untnmmed Shapes at 50c -^0 LUllOfen. S .Iflfeaf
-r / epu!ar pr;ce 20C ; 1U K^W^l "nd'e^ord WSmL ™ Black untrimmed shapes at 39c J^^^» \u0084 Regular prices are not considered in this
* Men's Percale' ' Shirts-Wi'th stiff fe« ; >£Bfi Tics, ' con- Untrimmed Shapes, in velvet, consisting of odd lots; only a few lmefor the great end"Of-the-year Sale. No
bosoms; all neat effects; cut full Hr§@2 : '"'^W listing of of a color. Regularly priced at $2.00 and $2.50. will be ... WosioM&£' S'/^Jtsl-'M greater Values Were ever given. We men-
: and perfect fitting; sizes I4 x /i to odds and S^&Piß>^ closed out at ?OC *?*&£s£*' %fc*P^V tion a few noteWOrthy
r . Regular price $1.00. T7. N^ Wfe^ ! Patent Leather Sailors and Polos, regularly priced at $1.00. -^ U. W\9 x \ UUli d ICW llULewurmy i-peCldlS.
Sale price DDL f " S^ '" %^ \ Reduced to toC I^. Z& / , Children's Drawer Leggins— Knitted closely, with a
Men's Fancy Hose— ln all the new- pl^l broken wy^v^ Pattern Hats and $20 values in Trimmed Hats cut down to $10.00 \^*V* / vi double chain stitch; full through the body and shaped
Qst shades; embroidered and >^l^>i^V $ IZCS > which I^*^ ->_-~^— >^-v_--> — w— . — v,— v_— < — <~^i^--^--s^^~^^~-*-*~~^~^-*^^--^~. — >^-^—^~, —^ \u25a0 $&* : ' \ in at the legj, with straps over the shoes; in
striped effect?: sizes g}/ 2 to 11. w '^ c of- ' r \ , white only. Regular value 1 . a
Regular price 25c Special, 4g- fe . red in /f^y'Asss:^^ s**^5 **^ f^l^^R "WSK ' L —If 75c Special T%jC Rk&a
Men's Undei-wear— Medium weight, way under usual prices. All are ' : *^T/CBk \!!f &Vl &§[ S JPa^ A&jX^"* 1%8& 1 G^Ss^ m^ Knitted Sacques— Of all-wool Saxony yarn, in a dainty x2s%}
: ribbed and form-fitting; made new and up-to-date goods, and «T^ B| VA • M £&& ||%Jjs3r@gP' syZX**^''^ ¥§M $ © pattern/ with out seams; full sleeves and lay-down T*^O
with the French neck; fast colors we can^ fit you it means a big ||&l{§ |J *|j§? M <£**> collar; cord and tassel at the neck; colors w. ja -H?£J>^
and unshrinkable; ail sizes. Reg- saving. Worth $2.00 G\^ £LQ /> -a — -^S*- _^ fa ' m^ Wi J|i Wm /^M /^^^ pink arri white and blue and white; regular LL |/* fLSM' ify\
drawers. Regular price 7O- Reduced to— * ~ Jsi>&<&r^\ L^- /^* *^ \u25a0**\u25a0 mEffi»«B^^SE^ jk—^^:^^^": j0 ]J^^| ChUdren's Coats— We will place on sale several lines of (\1 ; §M
Si.oo. Sale price 1 Uv ' (J^«P™^ ''•-.» \u25a0 children's coats; made of all-wool cheviot, cashmere, p~>*^ L^
Mcr/s Neckwear— aii silk four-jn- (?*f QQ j \u25a0&*%&&& Experience has shown that Pragers is the greatest distributing center for certain lines se rs e and lad . ie . s ' cloth ' some are trimmed, while »i
V> l^ Q <g£x&P^^ of merchandise on the Pacific Coast Houses with large surplus stocks look to us ?'«,"« "S I. years, -Teguiariy prfced-J? f5- 3
shades.' Regular price 50c and Women's Feit Juliets; red /* ** for quick deals and we generally accomodate them irrespective of quantities, but from $350 to $6.00. Special *p****** **
or c each le price ' 3 f ° r $r°°'3scr °°' 35c Reduced to WW ° rth $I °°' VjC we must dictate the prices. On this basis a very large and well-known house of . tt ~ — ~Z — ~ — ~ _
• ' ' : this city has just sold us its immense surplus stock of Dress Goods, including RptTiafk3ulP Sslp Of WoJTIPn'^
D O 9 n *L m hi A every known sta P le weave an d col o r » such as Alpaca, Voile, Homespun, Novelties, */i^ ivuiu^ii J
1 DUV DOVS X^lOtmnO NOW and Crepe de Paris, Henriettas, Eolienne, etc., etc.— a great many exclusive patterns of : TfillOftiu' SllltS
Mai,* HI" €*;,;..„« sto 8 lGngthS: n ° tW ° 3like ' These garments have all brouS : much -hlaher' nri^
Make Big Savings • look at these values: Th b e u s ; rr t f a r t aftt MSfwtt^TS
§ Right in line with our general policy for &"ASIS^^ :::::::::::::::^::::::!S ;$I yTrd an . d .. $ VV 2 l. B1 "^. a "^ great object is to five great valuel •
this Week the immense BOYS' Clothing $ IO ° Camel's Hair Suitings, yard ...40c $1.50 Black and Colored Eolienne, yard.... .50c and 75c _ ~" " ~ " ~
Department has cast precedent aside and These Ate Novelty Suits in Broadcloths
Will leave nothing Stand in the Way Of IOW $100 Novelty Suiting, yard .....39c $1.00 Fancy Voile, yard 33c All shades; 50-inch coats; entirely lined with silk; neatly trimmed* well
prices If yOU are thinking at all Of OUt- ?I '°° Black and Colored Voile ' yard ........50c 40c Colored Henrietta, yard 19c tailored skirt; the new circular model or plaited* £ f\ £• '/% A
! Great Sale ofDress Goods Rem ™ nfs m§^s?^om^mm
r nn r\~\c~. Over 1000 lengths of black and colored Dress Goods of, all kinds, worth from 50c to $2.50 a yard; will be sold rA /M/.L/ M/ .L f nn/v /* A-lA -l Cnri** /T^t Jf
specials: at t h e one price, a yard, 21c. DU m inCu LOuy I*o3l SUITS (KSfS/w
Boys' Russian Overcoats— For ages 2^2 /T» C"A Those who attended our last sale of Remnants at 21c a yard will readily appreciate the importance of being at.,,l* :n: n ctiovmtc hrr,-.H^r.th- fin. VS^^
valL^sieSl'^.!^...^.:.?^ • gra7.™S^ W0
Three Diece Knee Pants* Suits— For boys* #f* \u25a0» #^ \u25a0* . . ored; . the single-breasted or straight- . \^Jr
age S 9to 16 years Reduced from $ 5 .00* J3 # 2 5 Latest NeckwearWc 50' W. Couch Covers ApiqnGinghamScyd
Boys'LoTig : "6moa^i^AfVei^trroU : Vtff« : 'M; j\ i* 850 dozen Women's Neckwear Ci ZIZ Something every housewife can use cial sale price &l)f*[<)
lar; belted back, and come in all sizes. *k JMS which arrived too late for Christ- \u0084 , *^ •! , , allthe f time and most assuredly •• -^
Regular price <5 00 special • • mas trade. They are the newest Beautiful reversible couch covers, so at this low price. Good ser- _ '^ \u0084 -, •- • C i/%L\ \ I|/fi2>i
Boys' 2^piece Corduroy*" Suits-With ' two "^ « - thin S s j" tab c ° llar3 « embroidered 60 inches wide with pretty fringe viceable apron gingham, the kind LOnO'COat bllltS /fl ? <4/ X felf^J
// a ,>s nf trn'iscr?' for s"^ « tn t c -S #1 fli top collars and collar and cufc all round; colors will harmonize we can recommend to wash "2J . i , >Jnf|fJ4K\^
?«rs Regular price $lso Sped.! S W»"W sets. They .were bought .-|= A _" with every room; 0^ -jrr- well and wear splendidly. J-^ Ch^VlOfS -And fancy gray mix- V 1/ffpW^
>ears. Keguiar pnee 34.50. special... T, to sell at 25c and 35c 7 f/C $2.00 value— whileA I -J/) This week only, a yard .. *% t irfllClflUl^ tures; single-breasted VIZ Mjjf
During this sale, each.. \u25a0**'**. they last ...... ....'^ *^ il^ *\u25a0' v effects; h'ned to waist; neatly trimmed V 7- lln M
? Amazing Towel Values ~z~r^r^rr^r~~~^^ /Jin 1
miij«^iiiy i * ' ¥WIMW Embroidery \u25a0' \iA/%"--'\ i A / %"--' V Ribbons model ; all sizes - Sold a » *«» sea - ; >7 i/1 ft
There's no excuse for not taking advantage of these *-"*"* *"*"-\u25a0/ J "^ W j.j^j^j. ( eon at from $20.00 to (f <f jr f\f\ • /j! V I * >lf\
towel offerings. The wise shopper will stock up now because such 8C Yd. HW J i/jT tf^ H^^ft' WC Yd. . *?^ 4> *&• "" A 'l K\ |\\ "
J^S^li^^^th^ 10 pi°.°c.. T T^b^" 93K HHr y/V rhZ-"r h Z -"I pl r bb o n °s! Ve/vef and Silk Cos- M IJj| li^v
1 1/^ and Insertion that have \^^ V^ . w \ some fancy; some eatin » t* «!.,.« .m^M-i w ,'th u n ,, Q , 4 Mil l[\\\ \ ; Ut\u\V>
ivy /•\u25a0 eSS ' » _- . r*-m.r-^^ «-fc-«^w » a *>w -r-v f Tff IYIOC -DOlero model, witn oiouse X-.'-'U Ii «i [\u25a0 * i»»V\^s»
He-stitched Towels— Washed and ready for use; fine soft mate- bC ° n B ° ld " hlKh " ) VfJ 5 -AIAiMCV^ RELIABLfc> \ taffeta; widths a inch- JllfllCd of baby Irish lace; neatly J^^JU s\ \ 4^CV
rial' size 20x38; worth 20c; on sale this week L^/iC 85c a y ard ' wiu 8 ° on f) AM A " F%Ef BS"F-~~~ Ff%Af£T& -"'"C'JFV 7 cS ' AU worth 25 ° and trimmed skirt; the new pleated circular (\
' 2co2 c 0 dozen* Bath Towels-Extra large size; double-twisted thread; -fQ,, aurin* thl. sale n MAl%lt£l^^^tfN£^ &1O .) ™° y ard - Sale f /)/" ™ OdCl; a" «-«!!»""«?« 59rt Drt \J£:-J.- H J*&^
I have always sold for 30c each. This week's sale price I7C at. a yard.....'..' «t -^^^^cfi; price, a yard... IVt \u25a0' JgJ. 3^ iJ/Al/.VV
McCLELLAX WILL BE
3s r ew York Mayors Corrected
Plurality Over Hearst
Is 3400.
NEW YORK, Dec. 45.— Certificates of
election will be presented to-morrow to
'Mayor McClellan and the other candi
dates who, on the face of the returns,
•were successful at the last election. Ex
act figures have not been given out. but
Jt is known that the plurality of Mayor
"McCleilan has been reduced by about 300
from the figures piven out by the police
'on election ni^ht, giving him by the cor
rected figures a plurality over William R.
Hearst of about 2400.
No opposition will be made on behalf
of Hearst, to the issuance of a certificate
to Mayor McClellan. but there has been
r.o withdrawal df the announced plan to
tsk the legislature to make a complete
irveetigration of the election. With the
e%j/lence brought out in such an inquiry
E?a basis, it Js declared, quo warranto
proceedings will be Instituted to test the
riprht of the Mayor to hold his office.
Election bets, however, will be paid
Trithout more delay. About $1,500,000 has
been tied up in the hands of stakeholders
dace before election.
FALSELY CONFESSES CRIME
TO GET A RIDE HOME
Story Told by Denver 'Lad to the San
Francisco Police Proves to Be
Untrue.
DENVER, Dec. 25. — Notwithstanding
his ingenious ruse to get from San
Francisco, a Denver lad will not spend
Christmas In Denver. ; Tiring of a life
of wandering and adventure and long
ing to spend Christmas with his
friends and relatives, SI. L. Cassidy,
alias Ed Boyce, only a boy in years,
gave himself up to- the San Francisco
police and told a remarkable story, to
Chief Dinan of robberies, and bur
glaries he claimed, to have committed
In this city. After an Investigation
Chief Delaney said to-day that the boy
was romancing and "merely wanted a
free ride home. -
Veteran Judge Pasaes Avray.
CHICAGO, Dec. 25. — Judge Murray F.
Tuley of • Chicago died at the Pennolr
Sanitarium in Kenosha, Wis., to-day.
He was 78 years of age. He went to
the sanitarium on August 31 suffering
from nervous exhaustion caused by
overwork. Judge Tuley-was elected to
the Circuit Bench of Cook County, Illi
nois, in 1879, and had served continually
since j that time. Judg \u2666 Tuley had . the
record of. fewer reversals of his "de
cisions by the Supreme Court than any
other Circuit Judge.
THE' SAN FR ANGISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1905.
BETTEE MAID SEEVICE ;
ON SOUTKEEN PACIFIC
New Fast Train to Be Put
on Ogden-San Fran- .
cisco Eun.^
OGDEN, Utah, Dec. ' 25. — An im
portant change will be inaugurated on
January 1 by the Southern Pacific Rail
way when it will put on an (exclusive
mail train to run between Ogden and
San Francisco. This \ train '. to be - piit
on to make better time ' with the.
through mail from East and West. '
: Union . Pacific No. 9 will arrive ; here
every afternoon at 3:25 o'clock and de
part five minutes later^ for California".
It is to travel at the rate of forty miles
an hour the entire distance, saving sev
eral, hours' time. ' Instead ; of arriving
at San Francisco, ln the evening it; will
arrive about noon, thus" enabling ithe
distribution- of ; mail in \u25a0 San i Francisco
the afternoon it arrives.; : At present
the mail remains in the. postomce over
night and is distributed to \ the ; public
the following morning. ; , The ; mall com-"'
ing east' from -.the ' coast . will" arrive ;
each afternoon on No. 10 at 6:30 o'clock,'
arid, will leave" here- for,- the East one
hour later on No. v 4.v
THIRTY-TWO \u25a0 COMPANIES
FIGHT FIRB I- NEW YORK
Factory Buildings Destroyed Entailing
a Loss of Three Hundred Thou
sand Dollars.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— Five alarms,
summoning thirty-two\ fire companies
and the reserves from nine police pre
cincts, were sent, out to-night for a
blaze which •completely'".ruined ;the six
story factory buildings at 102, 104 \u25a0 and
106 . Wooster? street, :entaillng damage
estimated 1 at \u25a0 $300,000.? Five firemen- re
ceived slight injuries.;' No one-was'ih
the J building when : the ; fire ? started and
its origin , is 'unknown. : The l oocupants
of ; the buildings were E. .; Damsky,
paper; boxes; Cohen v ;&" Muhlendorff,
shirt waists; Goldschmidt; .& V Klapf,
cloaks; Ll Mendelsohn &. Co., silk belts;
Joseph • Brandt . & Bro.; braids, and J.
Jentes, ;furs.
Pardoned :by President.
WASHINGTON, Dec* 25.— Because of
the ' prisoner's previous good Y: military
record; the : President v has issued" a
pardon 5 in^the caseVof PauK H. -Mc-
Donald, formerly, first. lieutenarit;of . the
Tenth '% Infantry. '{'•£. He S; was '^convicted
aboutra;year, ago rof; the; charge, of Tob-'
tainingj money under jfalse^. pretenses
and ' sentenced' to*be dismissed- from: the
army - and '\u25a0" to x two . years' confinement
in J the military; prison at . Fort Leaven
worth, Kaiis. \. "'..';-\u25a0 v . .'.'-•.\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0. >: ; ;.; : :
CKOESUS NO MATCH
'.:<"( FOE EOCKEFELLER
Couldn't Sit in Poker Gkune
With Oil King, De
clares Sulzer.
; NEW -YORK, Dec. 25.— Arraigning cor
porations and trusts as the greatest
menace -of the present -time to American
institutions, Representative Sulzer dis
cussed ; the : problem of "Who Shall . Rule
America," at l the ' Baptist \u25a0; Church of the
Epiphany yesterday. 'In part ho said:
.The ' ! total population of "the ; United States
is about SO. 00O,00<). 'The total aggregate wealth
is about $65,0C0,C00,000, and it appears that out
of* that \ population : less than 23,00t> ' persona
own more than | one-half I the aggrtKate 1 weal th
of .; the ; land. : And this has -; all -r been ' brought
about ;;ln ', the I last > twenty-five years \u25a0 by. com
binations 1 and conspiracies . called f trusts forced
by a ' special legislation and nurtured by poli
tical favoritism. .If these conditions obtain in
the- next | century. 1 1 predict that , less | than 6000
persona 1 will \u25a0 control more than three-quarters
of the wealth, of this country, i- .
i... Twenty . years ago ; John • r>. ' Rockefeller . was
worth': only a few. hundred 'thousands, of dol
lars, r > To-day ' his '.wealth ; cannot be - estimated
under ...a i billion. :;I: ;I have- searched : ; the Con
gressional ; Library ; for ; statistics \u25a0 bearing : upon
the .wealth |of £ the I great Cro«sus, i whose name
has \ been • handed \u25a0 down " through i the ag-es, ' and
flndv' that*- he \u25a0 possessed '\u25a0(»'• paltry $10,000,000. '
Why. 5 hel could • not :«it : in : a , poker ; same with
John V. * - ''^3MB
TWELVE SERIOUSLY HURT
IX A RAIIiROAD WRECK
Defective Rail Canses Accident on Den
ver and Rio Grande in
Colorado.
DURANGO. Colo., Dec. 25. — Th» east
bound Denver and Rio Grande passen
ger train from Silverton. well loaded
with passensera, was wrecked three
miles from', this city yesterday, and.
while no one was killed, a large num
ber of the passengers ..were Injured,
twelve of them seriously.- :The acci
dent was caused, it is claimed, by a
defective raiL _
When the accident occurred the chair
car rolled down an eight-foot em
bankment., dragging 4^he other cars
with it. ..The cars were dragged along
ln : this manner.' on their sides for over
400 feet before the engine and train
were .brought to • a stop, the engine
tender nearly tipping;, over, while the
drive* wheels of ; the engine'were run
ijing on the ties. . •
V. Owing to the intensely cold weather
which prevailed "the injured passen-,
gers suffered greatly.; ;
Tfebrnslca Official Remov?R,
WASHINGTON, . Dec. 25. — Irving
Baxter, United States District Attorney
f or. ; Nebraska,', hds ' been . removed sum
marily . from ; oftlce ; by President Hoose-
v velt. .. »;The ';. announcement - . of . Baxter's
removal was \u25a0 made 1 from', the . White
House to-day. •
BEEGriAi! S Flrst7%ng
rILLd .Morning
The haphazard use of a remedy
will never discover its efficacy. Try.
Beecham's Pills morning and night,
and note the improvement in your
health.
LsJt b Thlng BEEOH&M'S
»£« PILLS
«
Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c. and 2Sa .
I VisiT DR. JORDAN'S cmcatJ
f MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A Ch WiMItXnWT.ULtIkk'tVkAJMLA
V \Br Ti« Urx—t A»M«al(Mt Vawoi ta »*• T
A _*Cv WarU. >. W«ak>««««a or »ay «iuuii4 j
r B«2b <!' >•*« po.ulT.ljr emr«4 »» Un udM y
flSf? ft Eft JORDAM-DiSEASES fl? HIM J
I v fSW^ 8 TrattSf at p..-»n»'.l» or bj l«i«r. *X)
I if ¥
f.7 lift writ* *r i»t,rßiL«i«rwy<r2
( 1 U J MtllßlUi:. UAIUU> lUB. :« A f
Jjf ' t»2m»lH»h— kit mm-t . A
DB. JOBDAS A CO.. 1051M»T*»tSt..8.r. P
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN" D. 5PRECKEL5: ........... ,. ...... .... ••• • • . .Proprietor
ADDRESS AIL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHS^JJUcXAUGHT • • .Manager
PCBLJCATXOX OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, BAN FRANCISCO
TUESDAY ........'. ; ......;. DECEMBER 26, 1005
THE TRADE YEAR CLOSING ACTIVELY.
jT IS now the holiday season when trade ought by all precedent
I to be dull, whether it is or not. But it declines to get dull.
* Every week sees the same great volume of general business,
with the railroads taxed. to their utmost capacity to handle allthe
goods tendered them for transportation and showing< earnings of
o to 7 per cent over the corresponding period last year. Unless
the usual winter lull makes its appearance very soon there will be
none this year, for in a few weeks the spring demand for merchan
dise will set in.
The retail holiday business bf the country is reported away
above any previous year, as the people seem to be remarkably flush
of cash and willing to spend it liberally. The weather has been. too
warm for the usual movement in winter goods, such as heavy
clothing and footwear, but the same warm weather has been favor
able for continued building operations, which are reported on a very
large scale. These in turn have caused a large demand for lumber
and metallic building material, so it is an ill wind that blows no
good.
The bank clearings affirm this remarkable business activity and
last week made another of their recent sensational exhibits, 'the
clearings running up to an aggregate of $3,480,000,000, with St.
Joseph the only city of the first fifty on the list to show a loss from
last year, while some of the gains among the most important cities
were large, such as 44.7 per cent at New. York, 28.9 at San Francisco,
274 at Chicago, 22 at Boston, 47.9 at Seattle, and so on. The exhibit
of these weekly clearings of late has been wonderful.
The showing of the staples is also excellent and above the
average at this time of the year. The daily records of the grain,
provision and textile exchanges of New York, Chicago and other
large centers exhibit, day after day, active markets for all lines of
factory, farm and orchard products, with prices high and firm.
New York reports more disposition among buyers of dry goods to
take hold of the market, with sellers confident of the future. Sugar,
dafry products, canned and dried fruit, hides and leather, iron and
steel and most of the minor metals, cured meats and other prepared
foods are all strong, with the markets in excellent condition for
aeHers. The cotton market has continued active, with frequent
wide floctuations due to the uncertainty in regard to the size of the
crop engendered by the different estimates of the Southern ginners'
associations and the Government bureaus. The Southern cotton
planters have united in bodies here and there to maintain prices of
the raw goods and have been successful, so that, as one report from
New York puts it, cotton is still king. The failures for the week,
m spite of the collapse of the three Walsh banks at Chicago, which
was not due to unfavorable business conditions, but the operations
of the principal stockholder, were only 226, against 251 last year.<|;
The leading feature of the week, aside from the Chicago bank
failures, was the continued active, speculation in Wall street stocks,
the wave. of investment for temporary and permanent profits being,
termed "irresistible." In vain the banks are protesting against this
wild plunging in the stock market, which is not only maintaining the
already high prices for railroad and industrial stocks, but carrying
many of them to still higher ievels, while a seat has just been sold
on the Stock Exchange for $92,000, \Vhich beats the record. The
public will listen to no advice from "the banks or any other source.
The daily sales on the exchange continue to. range from 1,000,000
to 1.800.000 shares daily, and even the drastic restraint of -very -high
money rates interposed by the banks to check the enthusiastic buy
ing has failed of its purpose. The banks and other powerful financial
interests, however, are making the best of the opportunity presented
by the public purchasing. Stocks, according to the best posted
Wall street authorities, are steadily passing from strong injto ; weak
hands. In other words, the large holders of securities, finding their
efforts to check the tide of speculation futile, are quietly unloading
their great holdings at the high quotations and making rich profits
thereby, and very. soon it will be seen that the public are carrying
most of the stocks and that the vast controlling interests are out
of the game with millions of profits in their pockets and the stocks
very neatly unloaded upon the public. The latter will have no
ground for complaint, for they have been fully admonished to let
the market alone at the ruling high prices. It is a case of a runaway
horse which refuses. to be stopped. .
Conditions on" this coast remain the same. General trade is
still active, with high prices for almost all coast products main
tamed. Building operations in all of the three 55tates. continue .very
active. More rain and warmer weather are needed to insure large
crops and give us green feed, which is very backward this year on
account /of the prolonged dry and cold weather. This, however, is
the only adverse condition on the coast at present, and we are going
out of 1005 and into 1906 with colors flying and everybody cheerful
and confident of another good year.
CANADA'S NEW TARIFF.
THE plan of a "maximum and minimum" tariff law- is- said to
be sure of adoption in some form by the Canadian Parliament.
The High Commission which has been at work on the
Dominion tariff has had quite a problem before it to. find a wav
to give more protection to dissatisfied Canadian manufacturers and
at the same time continue to favor Great Britain at the expense of
the United States and Germany. Their solution is to-be a sort
of threefold tariff law which is to be submitted , to Parliament.
The highest charge will be against those countries which' are hard
on Canadian goods, and these are especially the United States and
Germany. There will be a lower charge for those countries which
give no serious reason for retaliation. The third, and lowest, will be
the British preferential.
If the proposed law goes into effect it will have considerable
influence, on American exporting interests. Canada has already
had some experience in these wars of commercial retaliation, for
Germany has struck back at her vigorously. A study of the sub
ject made by Burton L. Read, in Moody's Magazine, shows the
very complicated position in which Canada is placed by virtue of
her family relationship with Great Britain. The preferential she
allows to the mother country really amounts to a gift. Canada at
one time gave to Germany the same tariff terms as to; Great; Britain.
When Canada terminated that treaty Germany retaliated- with an
exclusion of Canada from: the most favored nation clause, and
Canada fought, back with a surtax on German goods of 33 1-3 per
""teat. Germany then put the same tax on Canadian exports.
It is a curious fact that Canada's action in favoring Great Bri
tain's goods more than American has not injured us to the extent
which might have been expected. There are so many natural
advantages possessed by this country that the Canadians continue
to trade with us and our trade there has increased much more
rapidly than *he British. In the period from 1897 to 1905 our
trade grew. from $58,500,000 to $163,000,000, while the British rose
in the same period only from $32,900,000^0 $60,000,000. This is
liinly due to geographical, unity,' close communication, prompt de
cry and the enterprise of American merchants'/
While we can probably afford to safely count on these natural
wers enabling: us to control a large share of Canadian trade; it
mid be w^Jl to remember that Canada is said to be willing to
encourage friendly trade relations with this country and that con
servative opinion there opposes any action so "; radical as would
jeopard the prospect of mutually beneficial tariff schedules. If our
trade* is now' large fit may grow still larger by being friendly and
avoiding any of those retaliatory laws such as put a surtax of 33 1-3
per cent on the mutual trade between Germany and the Dominion.
This Government doesn't need so many men who are willing; to die for
has it does, of those who are willing to live for if.— Dallas News.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY;^DECEMBER; 2s, 1905;
DREAM OF THE RAREBIT FIEND
His Opinion
of the News
C C T~ "* VERY now. and again there Is
|7*j a discussion of the question of
*—"* what is \u25a0 the proper definition of
the word news," . acridi-pesslmlstically
eaid the Old Codger during a recent ses
sion of the Linen Pants Club. "Many able
men have from time to time answered it,
with perfect satisfaction to themselves,
and still the question won't stay settled.
"Last night I read in my paper that the
King of What-d'ye-call-it— some little E
flat dab of land over there some where — is
complaining bitterly of poverty b-cuz he
has only a paltry J857.600 a year and a
herd of little kings to support, and that
two beautiful young ladies who were wait
ing at table in a restaurant hv Kansas
City fought a duel with ketchup bottles
for love's sweet pake. I also learned of
a burglar who remained concealed behind
a cabinet organ while a village maiden
played hymn tunes on It for three solid
hours; that a certain side-whiskered octo
pus, owns the. oldest pair of andirons in
existence, and that a bright young man
in Izard County, Arkansas, only 20 years
of age has Just succeeded in bein* acci
dentally- shot for- the- Seventh time ; by
mistake for something or other. I noted
that a fool woman had grabbed an inno
cent United States Senator by the th'oat
and kissed him despite his squirms; I
learned, too, how to, pronounce . Jiu-jitsu,
and the reason why, a lady In New Har-'
mony, Ind., sued her husband, for divorce
—she alleged that he kicked her on the
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
SOFT / white liberty; satin : is the material of this daintily, madeicor
sage .for: general evening ;.wear,. and in the :\ original 'it, was "< worn
... .with /a skirt 'of rflounced net'upon a foundatiorrof the same; material.'
The ; lining ~ ls =; closely!" fitted;; and /the ; soft > material: arranged, "with a
goodly, measufe'of fullness, .this disposed j in shirringsl'done* over;-tiny :
featherbone ; - cords ';>. to ; ; " maintains some' semblance of shape! .The odd bertha
Is ' decidedly^ original,':*- bordered Tal 1 > around with a cobweb ; lace ;' en
crusted with tiny, coral- cabochons,? and having a little* featherbone ,cord
run in jthe" edge all; around." J The sleeve,; too, . displays -this •* same feffec
tive method,^ the^shirrlngs" following* this fashion ; ' arid ! little 1 , bones fare
sprung i upon tthej lining so that;., the; puff- stands \well rout ".look
ing jat- all* stiff ; or; stuffed. A ,pi ping {of coral
letag© all around,: and the fastening ls,:as usual, In the ". back..
WWMW.IW& Bf DC «W TBWLBKNIM UWWi CNW WC HERM9 «Q
THE TOPER'S CAROL
JTWAS the night after",
1 Christmas,
And all through the house
Not a creature was; stirring,
Not even a mouse;
And the reason for thisness
I'll now tell you," sir;
The punch had all' vanished;
There was nothing to stir. "; \ .l , : ;
—New York Press.
Comedy.
Sardou hunted for a new plot.
"What sort of a play is it' to be?" we
asked casually. : . .'
"A comedy," he replied.
"Have you thought about : dramatizing
Chicago's municipal ownership?" we in
quired.
Frowning upon our levity, he produced
a problem drama.— New York World.
sly with his wooden leg. I also gained a
vast amount . of information about sani
tary . mattresses': and breakfast fodders,
and " f reakß and follies of the rich and
their envious Imitators; how to buy whis
ky and grow '.tall' by mail, and 'bo on and
so forth
"And, thinking it over, I couldn't help
concluding that 'news,', as understood and
disseminated by the press : of to-day, is
largely a conglomeration' of breeze, bray,
piffle and non-essential' flap-doodle, and
that the heads of ( the kind S of people who
appreciate that kind. of stuff must surely
be more or less flattened at the poles."—
Tom P. Morgan, in January Smart Set.
Protest of
a Husband
Angela Morgan
A HUSBAND protests that I am" not
fair to the men in laying chiefly
upon them the blame for lack of
romance in married life.
.1 "The fault in a great many instances
is the woman's," he maintains. "It
happens only too often that -by nag
ging and pouting and complaining,
wives are themselves responsible for
the destruction of happiness in mar
riage.
, "Women lay to: much stress on llttlo
things. They are too Imaginative and
auspicious. They are always , referring
to the happiness of courtship and blam
ing their husbands if they don't pay
them the same attentions.
"A woman is selfish and egotistical
to expect that her . husband has , time
for such foolishness. The chief busi
ness of a married man is to provide
for his wlfe.and'if he is kind and con
siderate in the bargain she ought ".to
be satisfied "without foolish sentiment.
You have told the men their duty and
mado plain their mistakes. Now, tell
the wives where they fail."
The writer is evidently one of the
"sensible" kind that fall to take any
but the practical view of life and love.
He does not see that by his own
-words he has condemned himself ; that
when he dismisses as "foolish" the
tender joys and delights of courtship
he confesses himself unaualifled to
make a. just estimate of the situation.
My dear sir. unless a woman la ex
ceptionally unreasonable, selfish and
childish, she does-not complain of neg
lect without cause. The trouble with
so many of your sex Is. that you do
not ; get the woman's . point of view.
You attempt to solve herproblem by
your own rules.
A, wife is neither selfish nor egotisti
cal'when she resents: a husband's in
difference to the finer obligations and
courtesies of marriage. That she
should Insist upon his observing them
is by no means an evidence of a too
exacting disposition.
No woman with any , ideality . is sat
isfied to be loved with a love that rec
ognizes only, the practical, the material
side of life.
A wife ;iays stress upon the 'little
things" because they, are an Indica
tion of the quality of her husband's
love. If *it remains * deep, . springing,
, fine and beautiful ", as It was before
marriage, the "little attentions" are
no effort \u25a0 for him,: but the natural ex
pression of an abundant: affection.
. ; When they tcease, It .Is only too fre
quently, the case • that • the quality of
his love 'has. deteriorated. ". He Is, "sure"
of his' wife's: devotion, and he settles
\u25a0into the Indifferent state. . Is It any
wonder -she keenly resents -this
change?
: It 'seems Impossible for the average
man to realize • that when a. wife does
resent ;- this she <. is i not \ acting ; the \ part
of a silly, ohlld; but \u25a0a' woman; \u25a0 who sor
rows because \u25a0 her finest needs are '-\u25a0 Ig
nored. 'if^mffFWf'BßS^ffU.
A woman, 1 ;to: be .happy in marriage,
must \u25a0 realize ; the I response to " : her love's
ethereal t" side. Vi During ; courtship : the
man ' she \u25a0; loves \u25a0 does ; grant ; her . this re
sponse. 'In'; the glow and; exaltation ;of
love's .1 beginning, ; the man as * well '( as
the woman .pays \u25a0 homage ; to ; the spirit
ual, . the I radiant; .the ' ethereal j in : love. :
.Whether ; he « is conscious . of : it or . not.
he \ recognizes .the ; higher : needs of the
woman' he loves, f , .
Ac man *whol Is - f vexed - and disgusted
when his * wife ] complains ".of >neglect
should: question s if, after-, all, she :, may
not have • cause \t orjunhappiness. \u25a0 V
. I belleve.;however |t the:dlssatis- ; that
fled;wlfe!shouldT carry; her disappoint
ment :^wlth ;1 more : y.She
\u25a0 should i not * permit . herself to : grow I un
lovable ibecause of, disillusionment..
;\u25a0 No i, woman .who j sulks • and j complains
and iis fcontinually^ reminding her : hus-"
band ! of ? his .delinquencies can 'hope -, to
keep his 'devotion Lvery; long.; The best
method r of ~;meeting;guch" a, situation is
found ; in cheerfully,' settingian example
for the ' husband " to; follow " and . never
swerving." from the sweet, tender," wo
manly C- ; ' ;\u25a0
; There-is no teacher' more powerful
than texamplcv \u25a0 Dear : woman. -if your
husband ! neglects, you In - the "little
Occidental
Accidentals
A. J. Waterhouse
THE HIRED GIRL LEFT.
THE first we had was Mary Ann, a
literary lass.
Who used to read "The Maiden's
Doom: or,. How She Went to Grass."
And other chastely luring books the while
the beefsteak burned.
Till Lillian said somewhere she'd heard
that c'en a worm had turned;
And so she spoke to Mary Ann, with »en
tle words and low.
And said we'd like our beefsteak cooked
r soma two hours less or so-
Then the hired girl left!
Just two days later Norah cams, *nd with
her came a cop,
As well as Michael. Peter, Paul— l guess
I'll have to stop,
Because I never learned the names of
half of those who wooed.
But they wer© fond of Norah, *nd were
also fond of food.
I humbly spoke to her myself, and said I
hoped, perhaps.
That In the largeness of her heart she'd
i see we got the scraps —
Then the hired girl left!
Lucia, tho musical, who loved piano keys
to press;
Sweet Gretchen, who her taste displayed
by wearing Lillian's dress;
Carlotta, Betty. Mandy, Mac. they pass
me in review.
And oft I see them in my dreams, as oft
I' shudder, too; •
For something brokeA or something
snapped, or something split in twain.
And so I see them flitting by, -a fascinat
' ing train-
As the hired girls left!
The last that came was Annabel, dear
Annabel, the blest,
Who deemed each day of every week the
. Sunday of her rest.
She washed the dishes once a week, and
sometimes wiped them, too.
At last we kindly spoke to her, and then
the coop she flew.
I wash and wipe the dishes now. and do
"some other things
That must be done, as all allow, but, oh,
they leave their stings —
Since the hired girl left!
SWEET DREA3I OF MARRIAGE.
I heard you remark, Horatio, that the
married life which you are about to essay
will be one long, sw^et dream. Probably
you are right, my boy. and I sincerely
trust that you are, but then, again, the
dream might turn out to be a long, dis
mal nightmare, for it Is very difficult to
order one's dreams In advance, you know.
Look at the divorce courts; there are
trotted out and exhibited the dreams that
got bogged and lapsed into nightmares,
you know.
Ah, but it cannot be so with you, you
say, for the girl whom you are about to
marry is a perfect angel. I believe you,
for there is a time in almost every wo
man's life when she is an angel — to one
man. She remains so for a few days,
more or less, and then, out of the frills
and furbelows that adorn her, creeps
some of that Innate cussedness which Is
a part of the human inheritance of us al!,
and— well, she makes the queerest angel,
I suppose, that ever got outside of Para
dise.
So It will be with your angel, in some
degree. Some morning, fine or otherwise,
after you are married, she will get out
of the wrong side of the bed, and you will
be shocked and pained to hear the ex
pressions of 'her opinion of things. Then,
If you have happened to get out of the
wrong side of the b«d. too, . the signal
service bureau ' probably will report.
"About this time look but for storms and
squally weather"; and, whether It does or
not, you may pretty safely bet a week's
salary that they will come. There may be
exceptions to this rule, but I do not recol
lect to have observed any.
Then, again, think of an angel living
with you or me! I don't know how it
would be with you, but I would be will
ing to speculate four bits that I would get
hold of her halo and either lose or irre
trievably tarnish it within a week. No,
I desire no angel to live with me, nor
should you. I think too much of angels.
Still, if you treat the dear girl all right,
I fancy that she will treat you the same;
and I don't know that any of us have any
right to ask any more than that. Let us
all do that, and even the most pessimistic
astrologlst will find no divorce In our hor
oscope.
"The man In No. 7," he eald,
"Was stricken dumb one day.
He hears as well as e'er hs did.
But not a word can say."
"What was the cause."- 1 ladly askad,
"That seemed his tongue to balkt"
"Forgot his oaths," the guide replied,
"And so he cannot talk."
"There goes one of our prominent citi
zens."
"What Is his particular line of iraftr*
things" be careful always to remem
ber them yourself. Be thoughtful, con
siderate, attentive to his needs as you
would wish him to be to yours. Thus
by suggestion you may remind ' him
more forcibly than you could ever
hope to do through - tears, complaints
and reproaches.
Above all things, keep lovabls. Don't
give up your Ideals. Insist upon keep
ing: alive the beauty in your own af
fection and your problem will be half
solved.
A BIG HELP
.Wife— lt's all right if you
have failed. I have $600 saved
up . f rom . : money ' that '\u25a0] you've
given me from, tinie to .time.
Husband— That will be a big
help. ,„" . . - \u25a0
Wife^-Help?. I guess it.wlli.
Why #J that; will just buy me my
winter outfit nicely.
The Smart Set
Sally Sharp
A new. club for society women, provid
ing for them luxurious rooms whero they
may rest, read and serve tea. has been
organized by Mrs. J. Downey Harvey and
apartments have been secured la tha
new Shreve building.' The appointment}
are to be upon an extensive and elaborate
scale, the members being from the In
fluential families of the smart set. Among
them are Mrs. Horace Plllabury. Mrs.
John'T. Boyd. Mrs. Garret McEnerr.ey,
Mrs. Mountford Wll3on. Mrs. Walter
Dean. Mrs. Henry TV Scott. Mrs. Samuel
Knlght.'Mrs. "Walter Martin. Mrs. Joseph
Grant. Mrs. Frank Johnson, Mrs. Wllliaaa
Babcock, Mrs. Mayo Newhall and ilrj.
Joseph Crockett.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin and Mrs. Petur
Martin will hold receptions on the after
noons of January 5 and January 13 a :
th© Martin home on Broadway. >
• • • .'
Mr. and Mra. Joseph Duggan/will b«
at horn© to a large number of guests
next Monday evening, January 1, at their
residence on Paciflc avenue.
• • •-• )
Mrs. G«otk© Lair Smith was a dlnawr
hostess Sunday evening at her horn* oa
Jackson street, entertaining a dozea
guests.
• • •
Th© wedding of Miss Marleita Myen
and George- P. Fuller Is set for ncrt fall,
th© ceremony to tak© place at th» bride**
horn© In Seattle.
• • •
A large number of guests gat&end at
th© home of Captain and Mrs. A M.
Burns on Sunday . evening In honor ol tii«
eightieth birthday of Captain Burn*,
Th© event was doubly celebrated bf «
Christmas tre«, whlcix provided mich
merriment and pleasure for all. wlxd »f
fered many congratulatory spaoohaa aid
toasts to their host. \
. . .
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Albert Stest bad*
several friends to b© present last Sun-«
day afternoon In honor of th© christenln*\
of their little daughter. Miss Frances Reds }
Stent. Dr. Clampett performed th© rites
over th© little maid, her sponsors feeing
Mrs. Christian Kels. Miss Fanni© Annzes
of San Jos© and Ferdinand Bel» Jr.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Clareae* Breeder
entertained at a dinner last cream* te
their home.
• • *
Mrs. Harry Nathaniel Qmjr "will b« ors»
of the first hostesses of the new year,
planning to give a. bridge party. •arly In
the month.
The officers and ladles ot the Presidio
and general hospital will give & hop oa
the evening of December 38 at th© Pre
sidio Club, many Invitations having been
issued for townspeople and th© residents
of other posts. The patronesses will In
clude Mrs. Samuel Cumner. Mrs. Freder
ick Funston, Mrs. Charles Morris, Mr*.
Edward G. Brown, Mrs. James- M. Ken
nedy and Mrs. Edwin M. Supple©. ' •
Mrs. Florence Land May arid- Mrs. J.
W. Wright entertained delightfully at a
tea on Sunday at Mrs. May's Broadway
home, the house being filled with callers
between 4 and (5 o'clock.' among whom
were General and Mrs. Charles Austin
Coolldge. Miss Nell Rose Baggett, Miss
Elsa Draper, Miss Arllne Johnson. Miss
Beatrice Fife, Miss Dorothy Dunstan,
Miss Frances Stewart, Miss Roma Pax
ton, the Misses Ertz. Miss Erna Her
mann. Miss Elsie Clifford. Miss Evelyn
Clifford. Miss Marlon Wright. Miss Jean
nette Wright and Miss Adelaide Johnson.
Mrs. James Follis entertained a score of
the Httle friends of Master Ralph Gwln
Follis on Sunday afternoon at a Christ
mas party. Everything to delight tha
hearts of children was provided. Master
Ralph being host for these small guests:
Miss Josephine Drown, Miss Marie Louisa
Potter, Miss Frances Pringle. Miss Mar
garet Buckbee, Miss Florence* Martin.
Miss Mary Emma Hord. Miss Flora Mil
ler, Miss Barbara Klmble, Edwin Dean.'
Francis Ames. Harrison Brown. Hlllyer
Brown, Reddick Mclvor, Joseph Baldwin.
James Hord Jr., "Wlllard Drown Jr. and
Scott Smith. 991
• • . •
The wedding of Miss Frances May Ban
born and Dr. John Crockett Newton will
take place to-day In Graoa Church. Both
are graduates of the University of Cali
fornia, Dr. Newton being Identified with
the medical fraternity and a well-known '
clubman. The clasamatey-tf the bride
will attend her, and after th* <*r»caony
a tour of some length wtil b« mad%Jb? ,*h«
young couple.
•. • •
Mr. and Mrs. George D. Tory and M!fs
Maybelle Toy, who have vpent th* holi
days at Del Mont*, win rctsra t» towa
to-day.
• • t
Mr. and Mrs. James I* Flood and Yriae*
and Princess Andre PoatatowsM were
among those sailing from K«w Ybfk torn
France last week.
• • •
Mrs. Edward Greenfield la m>»uUfl to
arrive in town from Plttsburg m tie near
future for a visit to her friends. *
Townsend's California claoe trntta
and choicest candies In artiitio flr»
etched boxes. New store. 787 Marked •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and publlo men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). SO Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042, •
The annual catch of fish la American
waters is 1.696,000,000 poxmds, which repr**
\u25a0ents a money value of 147,130,000. "
WALL STREET
-Handy — Why, Cyrus, yer
must hey walked yerself tur
death in New York, yer looks
so tlretl.
Cyrus— Thet's what I did. I
wuz tryin* ter . find thet street
wot wuz full of bulls an* bears.NANCE O'NEIL'S "MONNA VANNA"
IS NOT MAETERLINCK'S.
Belgian Dramatist
Loses in the Ren
dering.
Honors Are Won by
John Glendenning
as Guido.
• The Grand Opera-house twice full, yes
terday afternoon and evening, saw the
first Maeterlinck play, as Miss Nance
O'N«H and her " company see it. the
"Monna Vanna." They were Christmas
<3ay audiences, well dined, well lined,
Christmas busy and careless of their en
tertainment. Maeterlinck has few high
notes for the actors, but these, when
.reached, elicited only a sleepy applause
last Bight. Ncr were the players them
selves In best trim. Miss O'Neil herself
toeing evidently somewhat tired by her
liercic tasks of the last two days. Neither
1 play, players nor audience can thereforo
be Justly Judged by last night's perform
ance.
It Bettled, however, the question as to
whether the policeman should be called
In. London, that stanas for "La Tosca,"
\u2666ensored "Monna Vanna" out of town.
Tft*- famous "cloak scene," where Mcnna
Vacna goes to Prlnzlvalle's tent Godiva
clad but for her cloak, was short on
chock here— shorter than it should have
been.
.• For this is hardly the "Monna Vanna"
ef which one had dreamed. Grateful, in
dubitably, one should be to Miss O'Neil
ifor her admirable enterprise in producing
the play. Grateful, too, one should be
for what was done* with It. But, what
ever else the production proved, it proved
that Maeterlinck is as difficult to play as
"taost of Ibsen Is easy, that beyond brain
and body the actor must bring his soul
•to It, and that he must first possess that
kind of soul. And the indications last
jßlght were all that Miss O'Neil herself
| -was out of her metier. Superb in picture
and in pose, the "feel" of the thing, the
particular poetry and passion were be
yond, above, afar from her. Guldo, most
unfortunately for the balance of the play,
\u25a0was by much the best-acted role, John
"Glendenning, the actor, granted. It Is
the easiest role. Its viewpoint the famil
iar, the conventional one, Mr. Glehden
' ring's work was still most admirable.
• And because Guido so typifies the con
ventions, and because for them last night
he so magnetized sympathy, and because
Marco, type of the psychic freedom,
played like an auctioneer, things went
mightily awry.
The»-e '.s no hope for this Marco. Mario ;
Marjeroni does him. He comes at first,
you remember, with word of Prinzlvalle's
proposal^ that Prinzivalle will, if Guido's
\u25a0wife be sent to his tent without other i
irarb than her cloak, send corn, wine, oil, i
arms to the starving Plsans. Mr. Mar-
Jercnl presented Prinzivalle's proposition
es if it -were an over-due laundry bill and
throughout failed to give the slightest !
hint of the dignity, the majestic mystic I
The Mystery of
Mark Fagan
CLook in McClure's for
January and sec what
a plain man like Mark
. Fagan can da Feel how
fstransje it is — even as the
people of Jersey City have.
And then feel the joy of
clearing: your mind of a
mystery — the pure Joy of
seeing: throug-h a thing—^f
understanding-.
Fag-an, for a plain man, did
his job marvellously well —
so well that men wondered
at him. There lay the mys-
• tery. The solution lay in
finding- Fagan's reason. And
the reason — though beauti-
ful to look upon — is, after
all, a plain man's reason —
the simplest and best reason
tn the world*
Perhaps when you have
felt the mystery, and got the
solution, you will think that
. * plain men with plain reasons
can do a great deal for their
country. This is one of the
best things Lincoln Steffens
ever wrote.
• AH News stands, 10c, $1 a year
McClure's Magazine
'.* 44-60 East 23d Street, NEW YORK
A POPULAR L.ASIEXT.
Wliere Would Society Be If One Vu
JutiKfd for the Sin* of Other*?
• "O; I tried one of those hair tonics
some time a.gx> and it never did me a bit
of g^>od."
That's wh&t many people are saying
to-day when they refuse Herpicide a
Tt would be as sensible to nay "I
never* travel on a railroad because I
l)ften see collisions mentioned itj the
papers."
Kewbro's Herpicide Is specially made
to destroy the germ that is living: on
the roots of your hair.
That is why it is so exceedingly effi-
cacious — it i 8 thtre for the sole purpose
of ridding: the hair of this , parasitic
growth, after which the hair grows as
nature Intended.
Sold by leading drugr&Uts. Send 10c
in stamps for sample to The Herpicide
Co., Detroit, Mich.
At kadinß drug: stores or sent pre-
paid from Detroit. Mich., upon receipt
of $1 on.
Before bujr-
*».»• of M» t> /* CoMt and
ran do be*t at the factory.
J. MARTY CO.
Trunk and Baar Manufacturer*.
22 TCB.K STREET,
pbone East 0224.
wisdom of the old man. Naturally Miss
O'Ncil's scenes with him suffered. - So
she also suffered in her scenes with
Prinzlvalle to some degree.
It is easy for the actor to get lost
in a Prinzivalle. What he is, hi? valor,
his beauty, his magnificently brutal and
imaginative proposition to the Pisan
Governor, form a large part of the con
versation in the first act. It would
need a kind of Adonis, Dante and an
Alexander combined to nil the bill. Mr.
Andrew Robson Is none of these. One
could survive the first few moments
of Almost inevitable disappointment.
One did. But barring a p'asslng illusion
In the scene with Trivulzio — a magnifi
cent bit carrying largely by its own
weight, and the rest by the excellent
Trivulzio — Mr. Robson contributed only
a walking gentleman to the picture.
But perhaps he. too. was tired.
But to Monna Vanna. One groat
weakness the play has, as absolutely
dependent upon the actress for its dis
guise as it is necesary to the plot —
Monna Vanna's swift change of heart
in the barbarian's tent. The first
act finds Vanna, swept into an ecstacy
of pity for the starving Plsans, telling
Guldo of her determination to go to
Prinzivalle's tent. Like the martyrs
at the stake the exaltation of sacrifice
has numbed the sense of pain. Guido's
miserable suspicions, his insults, fall
alike unheeded upon her ear. She
listens like a pitying angel. Her mood
is still much the same when she
reaches the tent. But once In the tent,
the consciousness of the delicately bred
and beloved woman of her terrible sit
uation should surely make itself felt.
Miss O'Xeil hardly suggests this. Soon
enough .lUaeterlinck demands that Vanna
shall show interesujn the noble barbarian
— he has admirably, by contrast, prepared
for its naturalness by Guido's degrading
suspicions of her motives. But it is
with an almost immediate coquetry that
Miss O'Neil (Vanna) treats this Prinzi
valle. There is no painting of the conflict
of emotion, no depicting of the gradual
change from the woman delivered unto a
barbaric lust and the woman who hears,
strangely, from this man who has loved
her all his life the truth and poetry sung
by her own soul. The scene lacks lift,
climax, variety, and above all, subtlety.
Better Is the last act. In which Varma
takes Prinzivalle to Pisa, there to tell
her incredulous husband of his nobility.
But it is by no means, as last night en
acted, one of Miss O'Neil's fortunate
roles — only as to picture. "Royal" is the
only word that expresses that side of the
O'Xeil "Monna Vanna."
The staging and costumes of the piece
compel high praise, and no one interested
In the drama can afford to miss the
play, which will probably be much better
played by to-night.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Colombia.
William H. Crane was back in town
last night with a new play, "The Am
erican Liord," at the Columbia Theater.
The play is a success and the comedian
is still more of a success. Ho was
simply delicious in the part of the
American self-made man . and town
builder, who, having an English title,
goes to the tight little island to demol
ish it and rebuild it American fashion.
He has a daughter, too, who, played by
Miss Rosalind Coghlan, also is delicious
— a dainty dark-haired American who
pirouettes on her heel and captures a
young English lord. And he has a son
who, although not delicious, falls in
love and elopes with an, English girl
that is delicious — a blonde rose of Al
bion, who shows white teeth as she
enunciates, and rolls her r's at the end
of her tongue. She is played by Miss
Xellie Malcolm. And he has a negro
servant, played" capitally by Harry
Blakemore. Also he falls in love' with
a widow, a widow full of wit and fun.
and with a beautiful Irish accent, who
Is most charmingly represented by Miss
Hilda Spong. The whole company, In
fact, is good, but Crane, of course, has
them all beaten a block.
The play is a light comedy, almost a
farce, and ripples with laughter from
first line to last drop of curtain. The
climax of the third act is especially
good. The fourth and last act comes
near to being an anti-climax, from
some sentimental, would-be serious
clap-trap in its beginning, but picks up
at the end and finishes with an up
roarious scene between Crane and his
Widow. • ;\u25a0£\u25a0•-\u25a0»;
Alcazar.
A little girl not yet in her teens drew
a house crowded to the walls last
night and electrified the oldest play
goers with the ease and excellence of
her acting through four acts and a
double partj at that. Little Ollie Cooper
is the bright particular star who shone
last night alternately in rags and silks
as Tom Canty, the thief's son, and
Prince Edward of England, in Mark
Twain's charming story "The. Prince
end the Pauper." Those who have reaa
the book or who have seen the play
know that there is not a dull moment
In either. As performed by the Alcazar
company it Is better than the book, for
the characters are there In flesh and
blood. Of course the prince and the
pauper being the star part, there is
not much left for the company to do
but to speak their lines and behave
themselves, but such parts as allowed
of acting at all were well done. Notably
Mr. Waldron's Miles Hendon. Edith
Evelyn's "Mrs., Canty" and John B.
Maher's "Mad Anthony," the latter an
artistic portrayal. George Osbourne,
the old favorite, had. little to do but
he made up so skillfully that his best
friends wouldn't know him.
Alhambra.
"Bob" Fitrsimmons, the hero of a
hundred battles In the ring, was the
big attraction at the Alhambra Theater
yesterday, when he played the leading
role in the drama "A Fight For Love."
Fitzsiramons has played this role so
jnany times that he is quite at ease on
the stage, and he was given the
heartiest applause by the throngs that
filled the theater. Sam Berger, the local
favorite in fistic circles, also appeared
in the play ana shared the honors with
Fltzsimmons. At the close of the play
the two men gave a three-round exhibi
tion of boxing that was spirited and
exciting. "Bob" was compelled to make
a speech at the end of the third act.
Henry Shumer, James Corrigan, George
P. Webster. Edna Ellsmere. Lillian El
liott and Clair Sinclair were in the cast
of "A Fight For Love" and gave their
usual finished performance. Edna Ells
mere returned to the Alhambra after
a short vacation and received a hearty
welcome. The production of "A Fight
For Love" was realistic and showed
great care on the part of the manage
ment. "".The .heavyweight champion,
Jack O'Brien, attended the performance
and gave the pjayers hearty encores.
California.
The Broadway Gaiety Girls, sparkling
as the lightest cfiampagne. opened at
the California Theater last night for
two hours of the merriest kind of
rollicksome fun. v Shapely bodies and
charming voices fascinated the audi
ence from the time the curtain raised
until the last song was completed. En
thusiastic applause greeted every act
The girls, and a few men, although the
men played a very minor part, acted
James Edwin Curtln's new show, "Glit
tering Sylvia,", or "The Bottom of tho
Sea." Frantic applause g-reeted every
turn. The bill continues all week.
, Majestic.
The success of the Nellls and "It I
'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - ' \u25a0\u25a0 ' r v .• \u25a0
THE SAN .FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1905.
EGGS NEARLY
CAUSE MURDER
Difference in Price on Bills
of Fare for Barnyard
Product Makes Trouble
BIG WEAPON IS DRAWN
Lack of Lucre in Pocket
of Hungry Carpenter Ends
in His Going to Prison
John Wilson, an aged carpenter who re
cently arrived in this city out of work,
had an altercation with a restaurateur on
Hayes street last night. \
Three eggs, the price .' of . which has
scared skyward of late, were the Innocent
cause of all the* trouble,, and Wilson
pines in a cell at the City Prison on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
Wilson, Christmas dinner visions flitting
through his mind,, wandered .; about the
city scanning posted bills of fare to find
some edible article which would fit. his
sole wealth, 20 cents. In the course of
his travels the carpenter paused in his
hungry flight.- His eye- caught a bill of
fare posted on the window of the chop
house of one George Spero at 8 Hayes
street. Perusing the contents of the
score card, Wilson observed, "Eggs 20
cents, with coffee." "Eureka," quoth the
carpenter, "atMast I eat." L " ' ',
Wilson sauntered Into Spero's establish
ment and flopped into a wooden chair
with the air. of one possessed of the
"filthy." Adam and Eve in midoceanf
sunnyside' up. Throw Cain in," bawled
the waiter. ."Shipwreck the bunch," cor
rected the dishslinger, as Wilson
changed his desire from three fried soft
to three scrambled.
The precious barnyard product was
hurled at the customer. "Draw one
black." added the knight of the apron.
Wilson ate his Christmas fill, and his
gaze fixed on the table bill of fare saw
that three eggs, • inside, cost 25 cents.
Not in the least ' nonplused, Wilson
strode to the counter and planked down
his 20.
Slavonian vernacular in strengthened
terms made the air buzz in the little chop
house. Spero seized a bottle and would
have brained his customer had not Wil
son drawn a revolver.
Policeman Robl arrested the unfortu
nate carpenter and booked him at the
City Hall station for assault with a dead
ly weapon.
ESIEIIGKtfCY SURGEONS ARE
VERY BUSY WITH MANY CASES
Christina* Festivities Result In Acci
dent* to Men With
"Packages."
The staff at- the Central Emergency
Hospital was kept busy Christmas eve
and yesterday. In all seventy-five
cases were treated between 5 o'clock Sun
day night and 11 o'clock last night.
Fully fifty more cases received atten
tion at the branch emergency hospi
tals in the space of thirty hours.
Nine-tenths of the cases treated were
primarily due to too much Christmas
"cheer."
Package after package wandered
Into the hospital. Some came on foot,
some in patrol wagons, and others rode
in the ambulance. Almost every one
had a package of yuletide cheer in his
possession. - - ' , \u25a0
No one on duty in the hospital got
any sleep Christmas eve and morning.
Bandages and other surgical parapher
nalia were used in profusion, and many
a drunk was sent on his way rejoicing.
SAX FRANCISCO BLUE BOOK.
The FnabJonnble Private Address Direc
tory Now lit- Jus Compiled and Rener
vnt ions Made for the Season of ii>os-0.
It will contain an alphabetical ar
rangement of the names and residential
addresses of the leading families, em
bracing one hundred cities and towns
in California, viz.: San Francisco, Oak
land. Alameda. Berkeley, San Kafael
Sausalito, Belvedere, Palo Alto, M<>nlo
Park. Burlingame, San Mateo, Redwood
£U y ' an Jose> Los Angeles, Pasadena,
Llk Grove, Paradise, Auburn, Placer
vllle. Maywood, Redding, Sacramento.
Willows, Woodland. Calistoga, Eureka
Naiia. Antioch, Petaluma, Sonoma,
Watsonville, Hollister, I Centervllle
Nilcs, Newark, Oroville, Decoto, Irving
ton, Sonora, Stockton, Tuolumne, Val
lejo, Armona, Bakersfleld. Dinuba, Fow
ler, Fresno. West Park. Hanford, Kern,
Lemoore, Oleander, Porterville, Heed
ley, Sanger, Selnia. Tulare, Visalia. Al
hambra, Avalon, Azusa, Briggs, Carpen
teria, Covina. Downey, * Lompoc, East
Whltticr, Long Beach. Moneta, Monro
via, -Pomona, Santa Barbara, San Luis
Obispo, Santa Maria. Santa Paula, San
ta Monica, South Pasadena. Raticoy,
Ventura, Craftonville, Colton, Corona
Banning. Fullerton, Glendora, High
land, La Jolla. La Mesa, Ontario, Perris
Plf.centia, Redlands, Santa Ana, River
side, San Diego, San Jacinto, National
City, Westminster, Fair Oaks, Nevada
City and San Bernardino.
Also San Francisco Street and Ave
n*ie Guide, Theater Diagrams, Clubs
and Societies. Prominent Residents of
the Pacific Coast, Personnel of the
Press, Shopping Guide, Permanent
Guests at the Leading Hotels, San
Francisco Street Railway Guide.
'The greatest care will be exercised in
selecting only responsible and honest
concerns among the advertisements.
Shopping, by mail order and tele
phone call, is one of the modern con
veniences . extended to. subscribers
through the announcements in the Blue
Book. .i-
Address all communications . to
Charles C. Hoag, Publisher, Telephone
Main 1760. Office 320 Sansome Street,
Room 47, San Francisco. •
Were King" at the Majestic Theater
warranted another week of this beauli
ful/play, and packed houses at every
performance Is the gratifying , results
This is the^last week of Mr. and Mrs.
Nelir.in Sah Francisco, and no better
play could have been chosen for their
farewell. This Is positively- the last
week of the massive productions as
Miss Amelia Gardner comes to the 11a
jEStlc," opening, next Monday night In
her great success, .'.'When \u25a0 We Were
Twenty-one," in which she will have a
fine cast. Including Mr. Franklyn
Underwood as DlckCarewe.
Tivoll.
. The Christmas extravaganza "Or
pheus In Hades" continued to draw
crowded houses to ', the Tlvoli Opera
house. At both performances yester
day every seat was .filled.-* . '" . v ..
Jfevr Central Theater.
"The Eye Witness" scored;: another
big hit at the New Central Theater last
night. A big audience -the
thrilling play - and - the ; automobile
scene and the - dive Into the lake
evoked many rounds; of applause.,
The Chutes.
-"Cleopatra"; waa presented again at
the Chutes : yesterday 1 ; afternoon and
'evening " and / scored h another- * success.
The popular amusement .place ' -was
thronged all day. . h Every child .in .i the
audience was presented -. with fa -gift.
The vaudeville bill In. 4 the': theater vis
an exceptionally, good one. ','\u25a0'
When, you. have an aversion to" food-it
Is an indication; that". you i should take
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
S^^^s' Excent to hrinp* Htsasfpr to the
W^^^^uPfN-v Illdll WHO apcaKS II ailQ tile Illclll
W^° ears t: ' c mention of
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'/%^.^H^^^ B^^^ whose name will at once clear a
/ Hw- hotel lobby. Even Marion Craw-
-/ H ford, the novelist, makes the sign
1 Hi and raps the table when the name
/ |l is spoken. The man is' living, and
ffs%~~fWi hjs; name an,d story are told in
Ladies' Home Journal
Last Month's Issue of A Million and Three Hundred Thousand Copies
> was Completely Sold Out
15 Cents on Every News-Stand
THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY, PHILADELPHIA
PERSONALS.
D. C. Wood, a merchant of Modesto,
is at the L*.ck. \ -
Lieutenant J. W. Brewster, IJ. S. A.,
is at the Occident*!.
Ex-Mayor R. P. Quinn of Watson
ville is at the Grand.
W. J. Smith, a fruit grower of
Courtland, is at the Grand.
W; R. Carlthers, owner of the Em
porium at Santa Rosa, is at the Lick.
J. <E. Conner, a student from the La
bor Statistics Bureau, Washington, D.
C. is at the Occidental.
A. W. Ocobock, interested in loans
and investments in Portland. Ore., Is
at the Lick with his wife.
M: A. Gunst and wife will leave to
day for a tour around the world. They
will first go to Portland, then to New
York and.thence to Cuba. .;, ..'\u25a0';.
W. [H, Crane and "wife arrived yes
terday afternoon at the St. Francis.
They are accompanied by Walter Wil
liams, a relative of Mrs. Crane.
Street Gambler Arrested.
Henry Christ, who was running an
open-air crap game in an alley off Post
street, between Duporit and Kearny,
last night was arrested by: Policemen
Kohane and Larkin. A. newsboy re
ported to Kohane that "a man was
running a game with loaded dice up in
the alley." When the policemen ar
rived they found Christ -trying to in
duce a crowd to set against his "magic
dice." The dice manipulator was
booked at the City. Prison for larceny
by trick and: device.
Santa ' Claim . Visit* Actor*.
The members of the New Central,
Liberty and Majestic theater compa
nies gathered at the latter playhouse
last evening and made merry while
Frank Bacon. In the role of Santa
Claus, presented everybody with a
gift which Manager Bishop thought
fully provided. An informal celebra
tion was held by the merry party,
which enjoyed good cheer till the small
hours.
Start the XewYear Rleht
By ordering a supply of Evans' Ale—
the best and easiest resolution to keep
Sherwood &- Sherwood, distributors.
Gives I'lirlstmiiM Dance.
The Occidental Hotel gave a" Christ
mas dance to its guests and their
friends in the red dining-room last
night. About 200 participated in the
delights- of the dance, which lasted un
til after midnight. The decorations
were elaborate and the music op to
date.
Loul9 Stone had charge of the ar
rangements of .the entertainment.
INJURED BT FALLING OFF CAR —Pat
rick 0"Connell. a watchman for the Ocean
Shore Railroad, fell off a San Mateo car at
Ocean View yesterday ana suffered serious in
juries. His thigh and three ribs were, broken
He was treated at the. City and County Hos
pital. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-:-.•'-\u25a0\u25a0- ,-..-. ;\u25a0/'\u25a0\u25a0;>\u25a0 '-: \u25a0\u25a0 , .. .-.-.. \u25a0
Read this Letter
San Dimas, Cal.
Ben. Levy & Co., ' Boston,' Mass.:
Gentlemen ,— Please fi rid enclosed
; one dollar, for which forward to my
j address two boxes of/Lablache Face
Powder, one pink, one white. I have
used : Lablache Face . Powder for
more than five years and have found
it to be perfect. It excels any other
powder in a climate like Southern
California and for a. beach excur-
sion^. Address ' -Miss— '—— — \u25a0
(Lcs Angeles Co.) San Dimas, r Cal.
\Vc have thbusan ds "of letters of
similar character! from i all over the ~d
world testifying to its efficacy.
I Lablache Face Powder
;I is the greatest of all beautifiers; Be- •
; ! ware ' of .'; dangerous ? counterfeits or
substitutes: .The genuine* bears the
signature; of *.' Ben. Levy " in red
; j across the label of the; box. % -
, " tfeali,, White." Pinl» u or . Crea""m, 60c
•-, - a box. Sold everywhere, or by m»il
BEN; LEVY &CO^^nch Perfumer.; |
'._ V; 125 Kingston St., Boston, Mass "1 '
PUBLIC NpflGE."
, To-Whom It May Concern: Please! take no-
tice \u25a0: that ;' J.; M. Kurtz ' Is \u25a0 not Incur employ •In
any way,, nor Is he in any. way connected with'
our. house,^ and we will \u25a0 not I be; responsible for
any act 3 of his, and will not receive:or beire-
sponsible; ; for 'any \u25a0 orders \u25a0 Of ; whlsky \u25a0'- that \u25a0 I#
mijfht'make.f " ;^ v ,-\ .;•':.' \u25a0 •'—\u25a0-' •'-•-r ii
KENTUCKr SOUR MASH JHD. RYE DIST^CO*'
'T. F. CRONlN,. Preeideat.7' V
Teamster Is Stabbed.
William J. Kelly,- a teamster, -was
stabbed over the heart yesterday by
George Smith, a blacksmith. The cut
ing took place near the Six-Mile House
and was the result of an argument.
Smith made his escape, but was ar
rested late last night and his name was
put on the detinue book pending the
results of Kelly's injuries. The injured
man was treated at the City and County
Hospital.
DRINKS WOOD ALCOHOL.— Mrs. Bertha
Peterson, who lives at 393 Fifth street, drank
a quantity : of - wood alcohol yesterday with
suicidal ' Intent. She was treated at the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, but her condition is
very serious. — «———--- ,
I «,\u25a0-,\u25a0\u25a0— T...r.n,a.r..H T ».™. l ,,r^ |
j Ca?it»aT, Surplus and Profits '
! $3,000,000.00 I
I Banking Made i
Plain i
With its corps of capable of-
ficer? and trained 'employes,
this company is In a position to
make the details of a bank ac-
count cloar to those who are not
familiar with business or finan-
cial transactions.
i *' •
California Safe
Deposit and
Trust Co*
Calfornia and Montgomery Sts.
San Francisco , Cal. _
ASSETS
Over Ten Million, Dollars
THE
LpMngcles Times
SAN " FRANCISCO OFFICE
IS NOW IN
Room 4 1, Chronicle Bldg.
Telephone Main 1472.
Arthur L. Fish,' Representative
\u25a0 _ - The Times Is the advertising
medium of "the Southwest.
' \u25a0! iiiiiiiijimiihiimiiii iiiiimijlju- I*l ' '
_7._ • ;' ;
, " i ' - A f ternoons at \u25a0 3. ' Evenings \u25a0at 0. * '
' ff \u25a0;-\u25a0: No. Intermissions.
Roth well Browne's Spectacular ' Musical Bur* '
\u25a0 > . lesque. ' - .
. -CLEOt*AT&A .
t UP-TO-DATE. V ,
EUNICE SGILMAN and
200 . CI-E VEB. CHILDREN In the CAST.
. ; A GORGEOUS EXTRAVAGANZA!
1 FUN; and FROLIC 1 for ; YOUNG and ;OLDJ *
Open air attraction— BAßNES" DIVING ELKS. '
•^•i";:. \u25a0 . :;'No ; lncrease in Prices. (
. j; AMATEUR -NIGHT! THURSDAY..
ADMISSION . . . ; . .'; 10c | CHILDREN. .5o
... Phone for Seats Paclflo 301.
AGADEMY OF SCIENCES HALL ,
! ;;* Market St.. : between Fourth and Fi f th. !
THE : CALIFORNIA PROMOTION COMMITTEE'S
7 ON ICALIPORNIA. ;
7 Daily from 2 to 4 p. m. (except, Sunday). •
Illustrated by 3lua nlficent S t ereopt lcon
. >Viewr» : and -\u25a0 Moving Pictures. ;
Wetk Coramencinsr i DECEM ItEII 26T11 !
V STANISLAUS i COUNT V- 7
.Presented by. H. ;H; Whitmore." from' 2 to 2:30..
! £'fJ ; . \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0--\u25a0 . :\u25a0 alajieualcity :» : ' ' "7-\ ; " .
I Preeented by; John 11. Ilartog, from 2:30* to 3.
:;^n;'7' ; : SAN "jOAaUIN: COUNT V.
Presented by'- Cwlvlnß/. Brown.*; from. 3 to 3:30.
- '"' SANTA CLARA COUNTY. '
'Presented by ~M. I." Jordan.^ from 3:30 to- 4. "
\u0084-J--;-: ' ADMISSION; FREE. j
A3IPSE3IENTS. _
V BUSH STREET *%
CHAS. P. HALL.Prop.and Mgr. Phone Main 127
*\u25a0;-•'-"- <«TnE BEST YET." — —
25C MATINEE TO-DAY.
OTHER MATINEES FRIDAY. SATLTtDAY
AND SUNDAY.
The Renowned Extravaganza Company,
BROADWAY GAIETY GIRLS
In a Superb Extravaganza Production of
GLITTERING SYLVIA
I Beauty Chorus. Gorgeous Costumes and Effects.
AN ALL-STAR CAST.
Popular Prices — Even'gs. 15c. 2Sc. 35c, 50c. 75c.
All Reserved. Matinees. 23c; reservec.
New Year's Week— "THE JOLLY GIRLS."
THIRD WEEK
' Of America's Greatest Tragedienne.
ALL WEEK— MATS. WED. AND SAT.
First Time In San Francisco Maeterlinck's
Dramatic Masterpiece.
MONNA -VANNA
"NANCE O'NEIL as MONNA VANNA.
Prices— 2sc. 5Cc. 75c, $1.00; Box Seats $1.50..
"ANOTHER REAL COLUMBIA HIT."
CHARLES FROHMAN Present*
/ IA/m. H. -4
IN THE FARCICAL COMEDY,
THE AMERICA^
LORD
By G. H. Broadhurst and C T. Dazey.
MATS. SATURDAYS & NEW YEAR'S DAY. \u25a0\u25a0
t.je.m 'HBO*'
H W BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
' EVERY EVENING at 8:15.
Matinees Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
Second Big Week and Farewell Performance of
TiHE NEILLS
In -the Stupendous and Unrivaled Success,
IFIWEREKING
The Triumph of the Season.
Only Time In Stock. Never Before at Popular
Prices.
To-NiKht— A. O. U. W. Night.
To-Morrow Night — COm'l .Trav*s Night.
Next Mon. Mat. — When We Were Twenty-One.
With Miss Amelia Gardner.
Evenings — 25c. 50c. 76e. Sat. Mat. — 25c. 60c.
Bargain Mats.,Thurs. and Sun.. 25c everywhere
NcwCENTRAL
TeL. South 918. Direction of H. W. BISHOP.
EVERY NIGHT THIS .WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sundays
7 The .Thrilling Dramatic eSnsatlon,
THE EYE WITNESS
7 "By. Lincoln J. Carter.
The Talk of. San Francisco.
A Veritable Stag* Triumph.
SEE the Leaping Automobile.
SEE the Deep Water Dive and Rescoe.
The Acme of Stag* Realism.
Next Play— "BY RIGHT OP SWQMD."
Ralph ' Stuart's Success.
KJrtJLAR PRlCES— Evenings. ' 15c. 23c. 83c,
60c and 75c. Hat. and Sun. Mats., ISc and 35c.
THE PALACE HOTEL for best cooking.
THE PALACE HOTEL for quickest service.
THE PALACE HOTEL for £nest music
THE PALACE HOTCL for modem comforti
. THE PALACE HOTEL for moderate r.to.
AMPSEMKjrra.
TO-NIGHT
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
ALIGENIELSEN
AND HER ITALIAN OPERA COMPANY
la Donizetti"* Ctianntojr Opera,
DON PASQUALE
SEATS NOW OX SAI.E— C 11 sft 11. 30c.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
EVERY NIGHT
Grand Christmas Extravaganza.
! ORPHEUS
IN HADES
A Trent for Old and Younsr Children.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAT
r«oal TlroU Prices 25c. 5Cc. 73c
v!2S!!^HIHS9V4BSGIHIHBfi£<
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Ye Colonial S*9t*tte\ Merlaa's Por«:
Jules and Ella Garrison: Edsar Bh>
, ley: Sisters aad U rot her* Fvrdi VU-
nona Winter j Campbell and Johuion:
Kloett Stoters. and Orobenm Motion
IMfture.i.
Hegtalar Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— loc. 23c aad 50c.
AT PA7A TVBeUnco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR .fssraK
General Manarer.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUX.
SENSATIONAL SUCCESS!
Gorsreovu Spectacular Production of Hark
Twain's Famous 18th Century Romance.
The Prince and
the Pauper
Beautiful Scenerr. Costume* and Music and
OLLIB COOPER in th« Dot! Roie.
Eves.. 23c to 75c: Mats. Sat. Sun.. 25c to 50c.
NEXT WEEK— With Neir Year's Mat..
Th« Universal Lausb Provider,
A STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND.
ALHAMBRA
Cor. of Eddy and Jon*s Sts. Phone East IST?.
I BELASCO A MATER. Proprietors.
THIS EVENING AND ALL WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
The World Renowned Charapion.
808 FITZSIMMONS
In Hal Reid's Great Drama.
A FIGHT FOR LOVE
Special Engagement of tn« Olympic Club Fa-
vorite and Amateur Cnampton Heavyircight.
— SAM BBUGER •
Fltzsimxnons and Berber Appear In Every Act.
Prices — Evenings, ICe to 50c. Matinees. 10c.
15c. 25c.
Next — "The. Heart of Maryland."
Racing!
ti mJT Jockey
Caloraia F$ cii
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK
\u25a0 Six 'or more races each weak , day. rain or
thine. Race* commence at 2p. m. snarp. Take
street cars • from 1 any wot of the city. For
\u25a0pedal trains stopping at the track tak* 3. P.
train at 34 and Townsend *ts. at 1:19 p. m.
Ramming, tram leaves) track after last race.
" THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. Presid-at.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
>g<DEWEY.STROHG &Co.jgT*±
wist' ''Cr>%Bacaßsasß«Sßien»a«s»»»B»Bf%r > ~*^A
IK "PATENTS! ;)
WEEKLY CALL, »1.00 ?SS TXAB»
910
THE NEWS AB OUT O PPO RTU N IT IES IS,
THBjgCALb
JQnX D. SPRECREI-S Proprietor
Address Qommunlcations to
JOIIX SfcXALGHT 3tanager
\V. J. 31AUTIX Boslness Manager
TELEPHONE.
Af_ for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the ' Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market end Third, S. F.
V.:.-.-it: Rooms 217 to 2-1 Stevenson st.
Deyvered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cti. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cta wrr , t .
ilViar.s by Mall Including Postage (Cash Wltn
Order):
I^AJLT CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 rear.. sB.oo
-3'AILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). « mos 4.00
J*AILT CALL— By Single Month «»e
SUNDAY CALIa 1 Year -»<£
\\ J-3EKLY CALL. 1 Tear lw
.' ." R^rrv f Daily . . .$8 SO Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN 410 p er Tear Extra
I'USTAGE. | weekly.. 100 Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS* ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of *d-
_"re*s nhouid be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance wtth their re-
O,U<?E_
OAKLAND OFFICE:
JOIS Broadway Telephone Main 1083
ALAMX-DA OFFICE:
i4*s Park Btreet. Near Santa Clara Arenua.
>\u2666 Phone Alameda 65».
'.-.-\u25a0' BERKELEY OFFICE. t
\u0084__« C-Bter Street. Telephoae North T7
*• . WABHINOTON CORRESPONDENTS
SI. £. CRANE- 1406 O Street N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDB:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentaae, 81
I'nlon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hcifl and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
. Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Oraat
Vorihera Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
; Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO RIXPRDSENTATTVE:
'C -GESORGE KROGNESS, Marcuette Buililnj
(Locg Distance Telephone. "Central 26W.' )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulldh_g
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald B<iuar«
.-
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market Btreet. cposlte Fifth; open until
lj-*p. m.
Sfxi. Montgomery aye. ; open until 9 p. m.
SOO Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
«."» McAllister street; open until 9:SO p. m.
€15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IJHI Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
•]W Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m :
•\u25a0JC96 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Ncrtheast corner Church and Duncan streets;
* open until 9 cm.
2200 Flltmor* Etreet; open until 9 p. m.
4314 J etreet near Ocean Boulevard; open
until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CAN FRANCISCO LODGE S6O. F. &A. a
M., MiESion Temple, Third Degree *_fy
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING at /V>
7:30 o'clock. ViEitine brethren cor-
!.l<ii2lly invited. By order of the W. M.
-(-\u25a0 A. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
UNITY LODGE No. 131. I. O. O. .i_ae*__
F . Sixteenth and Valencia . c t«.. - r^§j!S?|aß_;
. hiird Degree THIS 'TUESDAY)
. NIGHT. All visiting brothers
. uordially invited. A. P. BUTTON. N. G.
W. T. WORTHIN'GTON, Rec. See.
MYHTLE Lodge No. 16, K. of P.. -4S*
.meets EVERY TUESDAY EVEN-
•JNG st Kreling building, 32 Eddy "flSw
• *tt.. fifth flocr. Visiting brothers in- _gj£s><£
, C. S. HOFFMAN. K. cf R. and S.
* JESPIE MACLACHLAN. the Scot- .•>« '
tish prima donna, assisted by C,^^f "*
• *.I<"lin McLinden. the eminent 'cello ».^SB^-\
virtuoso, and Robert Buchanan, -^^ffOS
f='ilo pianist and conductor, under **»\u25a0'
,tne ausplcee of Clan Fra«r No. 3
;k. <J. S. C. Native Pons' Hall, 414 Mason
M.. fvenlngs of TUESDAY. December 26. and
T«tfCRSDAi". December 28. Change of pro-
aJan;mc Thursday night. Admission 60c. re-
» gerv^d ?eats $1. COMMITTEE.
rui-: acnual meetlr.K of the Ktockbolders of
Wells. Karco Nevada National Bank of San j
J Fr«nciscc. Ca! . will be held at Its banking- I
"l:cu£t. 301 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
. Csl., en TUESDAY, J-r.uary 3. 1906, at 3:18 |
; ;. m.. for ths election- of directors to servo I
•coring the ensuing year, and for the trans- j
• tcticn of such other business as may come !
Ltfcre the meeting.
F. L. LIP-lAN. SecreUry. j
ATTOR\EYS.AT-LA\V. j
DIVORCE; costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice frre^ i
no fee in advance; no charge unless success-
ful ; open evngs; wills, deeds, leases, bills of
•ale and srtlcles of copartnership; corpora- '•
tlor.s organized; bankruptcy: collections; pro- '
bating of estates. 827 Market, r. 301.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg..
fith Cocr entrance room 611; established 20
* years; all courts, gener-1 courts and office ',
practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
ilon: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 8601.
ADVICE free; legal divorce costs $12; all law
care« fcandled; no fee in advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint- •
tr.ent; call and save money. 819 Mkt, r. 33.
COLUMBIAN Law and Col. Af., r. 85, 916
Market cpp. Emporium; tel. Montgy. 1310;
Ifgal matters and collections; old established. '
M..L. RYAN, Atty-at-Law. 1148 Market, opp.
Hales ; courts; advice; collections; open evgs.
Is. S. CLARK. 927 Market room 302. eousulta- •
•Aon fre»; no fee in advance. Open evenings. ;
' DETECTI\I_S.
ALL kinds of cases handled: business strictly !
confide tlal: charges reasonable.
604 Montgomery St.. room 204.
' — j
ACCOCXTAXTS. . I"
ACCOUNTANT'S services. $10 and upward per
, month; includes keeping your bocks; exam'.n-
atlons and financial statements made; private
Jr.ttr-e. bookkeeping, etc. SO9 Market ~ n. C 3. !
ACTOMOBI LES.
2 AUTOMOEILES; want 10 exchange, or for .
valuab!* patents; $3000 in cash; in England !
md Canada, which could _« sold to doctors,
hospitals. rpecial!ste, and smaller one to al-
most every family la the country. Box 2757
Call office.
FOR aa>— 2o-22 hcrs»p<wrer, 4-cylinder, '04
model, %>e€t American car, good order, at bar- ;
gain; have ordered new car of greater power
Is only reason for selling. N. F. Preesey
Auto Livery, cor. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
19C6 MODEL Compounds arrived: prize- win- '
ncr in 700-mile economy test; demonstrations
<lay. right. 6. F. Auto Co.. Inc.. 416 Ninth.
! FOR eale— A fine steam automobile Model '04;
flr.e running order. Box 2662. Call office.
CADILLAC automobile for sale, $600; good run- \u25a0
, ning order. Box 27C2. Call office.
ADVERTISING.
JEAN CASSINA, ad writing, catalogue-, cir-
culars, programmes, cards. Room 28, Au-
rerals building.
BOARDIXG^FOR^CHIIiDREX.
GOOD home for child over 4 years; mother's i
care; room for parent. 22 A*h aye.
LADY wants child to board; teach German; i
sur.iiy lierrx-; garden; by a park. 1138 Turk.
BOOKKEEPING.
LET us keep your bocks; nothing "too large
nothing too small; we make a specialty ©f
keeping small sets of bocks. -' .-
THE FAXON- JAMES AUDIT CO '
I>l. Montgomery 1311. 930 Market' st
FOR RUPTURE.
KO fcigh-prlced. \u25a0 palnlesi (?) treatments to
cure Rapture; elmply wear Dr Plerce's
Truss, and It will Co the work!* "Sold 30 •
ycerE; thousands cured. Call or 1 address
ELECTRIC TRUSS CO.. 2<>6 Kearny «t.
©O_L,ECTIOX> OFFICES. '\u0084\ -.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections. made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 418
Montgomery et.. rooms U-10. Tel. Main ~__O. '
DRI-SSMAKKRS' AXD STRESSES
ACCORDION, knife and sunburst pleating;
buttons and -button holos- made at Stewart's
Lining ar.d Trimmings Store. 14-16 Taylor st.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—.Eve. due; pattern* cut 1190 Market . st
: BUSINESS CHANCES^
j A— $1800; RESTAURANT and chophouse. near
•, » Kearny and Montgomery; rent $75; monthly
sales $1000; cause of sale, owner to retire.
: j Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
p A— ssoo; HALF Interest ll» coffee and tea store;
choicest location in the Mission; rent $22 50;
owner engaged In other enterprise only cause
p of disposing. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st '
* a— ssso- RESTAURANT; established many
years; clears $160 per month; rent $23; lo-
cation the very best: owner wishes to go to
Europe cause of eale. R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
. A— s4so; WOOD and coal >yd, south of Mar-
ket; rent, $20: lease; 2 horses. 2 wagons;
death in family only cause of sale. R. G.
i WILKE. 26V> Keargy st \u25a0
, A—s9so;A — $950; SALOON on water front opp. ferry
building; net rent $60. Call R. G. WILKE).
, 26«4 Kearny st [
1 A—sl4oo;A — $1400; OYSTER and chop house close to
• Market and Fourth- sts.; rent $50; dally re-
cepts $40; well established; good business.
1 Call R. G. WILKE, 26«4 Kearny st.
A— s2oo- CORNER cigar stand; close to Palace
Hotel; rent only $20; bargain. R. G. WILKB.
26 H Kearny st.
A— sl6,ooo; CORNER saloon on Market st.
close to First; lease; one of the best places
in this city. Particulars R. G. WILKB,
-6K Kearny st . \u25a0
A—s2soo;A — $2500; CORNER groceiy and bar; near
German Hospital; place established years; a
good business; owner a widow: wants to go
to G"many. R. Q. WILKE, 2oV& Kearny st
$1200— SALOON In tenderloin; a money-
maker; will bear investigation.
$2000— Restaurant: oentrally located; rent
$85; receipts $45 dally.
$1400— Good paying bakery in Al location;
sales $35 per day; rent $50 per month, with 5
llvinc rooms.
i $10,000 — Have good butter and egg proposi-
tion; want a man as partner with above
amount
$2500 — French laundry, with all tool*, ma-
chinery, horse, harness and wagon; also 6 liv-
ing rooms upstairs, all furnished; rent $45.
$3000— Factory and art store; picture frames,
stationery, artists' materials, etc. ; stock will
invoice price asked; old established; and a
money-maker.
$4000 — Sawmill. 60 hp. boiler and engine,
with complete equipments; will sell half In-
terest.
Do you want a business of any kind? If so,
drop us a line, or. better still, call on us and
let us show you what we have.
Have you anything to sell In California? If
so. we would ask you to give us a trial.
CALIFORNIA BUYERS' UNION,
1251-53-55 James Flood bldg..
- . • " San Francisco.
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY. '>
419-420 Grant building. Phone South 1070.
Seventh and Market sts.
GET FREE LISTS.
LARGEST. BEST. MOST RELIABLE.
Manufacturing — Rare chance for capable,
pushing business men; safe and profitable In-
vestments, with services.
Manufacturers' agent wants partner; desir-
able lines.
Rare saloon bargains on Fourth, Third, Mc-
Allister and other good streets.
Market-st. cigar stand snap; others on
Fourth and Sixth, etc.: should see them.
From $300 to $1600 — Confections and notions.
All parts city — Restaurants and dellcates-
YOUR CAPITAL FITTED FROM OUR LISTS.
OPEN SUNDAY AND CHRISTMAS UNTIL
NOON.
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY.
419-420 Grant building. Phone South 1070.
TRIAL given before buying in light profitable
business; small capital required; a man will-
ing to take hold and make himself useful is
needed; must be satisfied with $25 to $35 a
week. Call to-day. 759 Market St.. room 11.
PARTNER wanted — In light manufacturing
business; owner In business 33 years; very
\u25a0easily learned: sure profit of $25 per week;
price $250. Information 61S Merchant St.,
upstairs.
WANTED — Steady man with $150 as partner;
genteel contracting business: work light,
pleasant and very profitable. Apply STAND-
ARD COMPANY. 131 Montgomery st.
$6000^ — FIRST-CLASS downtown corner saloon
for sale. Inquire F. KOMENT. 320 Bush st.
NEAT chophouse, close to big car barn, for
sale; rent S2O. Inquire 122S Fillmore st.
RESTAURANT for sale at once. 135 East St.
j WANTED — A partner with small amount of
j capital in a legitimate business proposition
wit!: no chances to take but net large profits
m Investment; this is not a get rich quick
tcheme, but a clean, respectable business;
will etand investigation. Particulars of box
( 3450. Call office.
FOR SALE — A nicely located hotel on one of
the best business streets in San Francisco;
well patronized; paying good profits; brick
building; fireproof; price $5000; small mort-
gage; if you are a hotel-keeper you can
make this place pay big. Address bex 2761,
j Call office.
FOR SALE— In Central California, a general
\u25a0 merchandise store with 10 acres in orchard,
'. fl\e-room house, horses, cows, wagons, farm-
ing and gardening utensils, windmill and
tankhouse: is nearly new and well- built;
price $6500. Box 3407. Call office. ...
I FOR SALE — In good country town in Marin
County, general merchandise store, including
s tinware, wlllowware. crockeryware and glass-
ware : will sell at invoice; rent $27 50 per
menth. Further particulars of box 2650,
Call office.
$2500— BAZAAR, stationery ana furnishing
goods store; best location in city; full value
In etock and fixtures; established 17 years;
doing good business; long lease; low rent
Box -791. Call.
ONE of the very best modern apartment houses;
new, grand location, long lease, large house;
this if-" an opportunity that seldom offers; see
and be convinced; no agents; no commission.
Box 2754. Call office. . ;. i
WILL sell big paying retail business; will not-
eacriflce If you are willing to pay what it is
worth: write; poor health. Box 393. Chlco,
Cal. : \u25a0
HAVE had experience in real estate business
and desire a partner to open place of busi-
ness; one with experience: a good rustier;
If Interested address box 2763, Call office.
FOR eale — On account of sickness, a dellca-*
tessen store In good location; four years'
lease at $30 per month; four. living rooms;
•will sell reasonable. Box 2779. Call office.
WANTED— To purchase a stock of general
merchandise In Fresno or Ventura county;
iio limit to size of stock: give full partlcu-
! l_rs. Bex 5409. Call office.
WANTED — To connect myself with come per-
ecn in the produce and commission business
in San Francisco. Address with experience,
tox 3408, Call office.
FRUIT store at great sacrifice; doing good
v business: 3 living rooms in connection; good
location:, splendid opportunity for man and
wife. Call at 151 Ninth st.
BOOKS, stationery, notions, cigars, . etc. : clean
stock, 3 nicely furnished rooms; cheap rent;
make offer. Pacific Business Assn., 3 Taylor.
WANTED— To invest In good, legitimate busi-
ness proposition from $1000 to $2COO. Ad-
dress box 2750. Call office.
WANTED — A stationery store with cigars and
tobacco attached: in a good location. • Send
particulars to box 1607. Call office.
TO investors — A good place to open grocery
business with bar deeired. Full particulars.
box 2950, Call office. \u25a0
RESTAURANT for sale in Berkeley; near
r&ilrnad; good patronage; doing fine business.
Box 2962. Call office. . .
CORNER saloon on Folsom st, close in; good
location; central; low price. Particulars of
box 1659. Call office. \u25a0 ;
WANTED — Capital to manufacture electrical
apparatus for physicians' use; splendid in-
vestment. Box 2749. Call.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business, office for particulars.
MAN to drive laundry wagon: $65- per month
or commission; $400 required.. 3372 Mission.
$125 — A SNAP; good paying delicatessen store
for sale; 2 living rms.; rent $15. 1342 Larkln.
GOOT» opportunity for wagon and ' carriage
smith to do business. 800 Gough st.
FOn SALE — The whole or half Interest: In a
Job printing establishment. -: Box 2678, : Call.
WANTED — To buy a saloon; state location.
Box 2661. Call office. . .
CANDY and Ice cream parlors for sale; cen-
tral location. Box 2978, Call office.
A GOOD paying business for eale. Address
box Va. \u25a0•- HcaldEburg. , Cal. :\u25a0 - " \u25a0 -'-\u25a0 \u25a0"'; \u25a0•
$00 CAPITAL wins $12 dally; positive proof.
BLAIR. 935 Market st. -\u25a0 room 1. .
$200 — CORNER cigar store, with laundry of-
nee; rent ,$lO. 401 Third st.
FOR SALE — Lunch counter i business. - 627
Sansome ' at - Cheap. . *
GOOD Call route for -sale. Apply at Call
OffiCS. . '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0 ; :;'
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
$3 M> WILL paper any f ordinary room; work
guaranteed. Box 2743, Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, 26. 1905.
I.ODGING-HOUSES : FOR SALE.
A— BALDWIN REALTY CO. . ' \ '\u25a0' ' * "
Tel. John 4498. 806 Market," rms; 6 and 6A.
For sal© or exchange — Rooming-houses, '
Apartment-Houses. City and Country Property.
A Little Cash. We Loan the Balance."
15 rooms; rent $5o month; lease; outside «un-
ny rooms, all rented; must sell on account of
sickness; Investigate. " % . ' l '".' " -
14 rooms; beautifully furnished; full of room-
ers; newly furnished; only $1000; half cash: we
loan -half the purchase price.
43 rooms; doing a fine business; we don't
ask you to buy this house till you investigate;
books open for Inspection: clears $250 month.
Exclusively by
Baldwin Realty Co.. 006 Market, r. 6 and 6A.
LODGING houses— 6 to 400 rooms; prices $150
to $10.000. H. C. Decker. 850 Market st.
ROOMING houses — 8 to SOO rooms; prioes $200
to $8000; easy terms. DECKER, 860 Market
APARTMENT-HOUSES. Hotels, flats and prl-
vate houses: all prices. DECKER, 850 Mkt
MARION GRIFFIN.
' 970 Market Et. room 801. eighth floor.
ROOMING-HOUSES and -REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE. FREE LIST,
FISHER & CO ' Phone Main 8354
Room 438 James Flood building. <
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
LODGING house for sale on Ellis st; close
in; B5 rooms; price reasonable. Box 2778,
Call of floe. ;
LODGIXG-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — A lodging bouse about 28 or 30
rooms; will pay part *\aph, balance in Install-
ments. Box 2963. Call office. - . v-.^V'
_______
AA— PROF. NIBLO,
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCB CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $0 COMPLETE LIFE READING $1.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to call you by name in
fall, names of your friends, enemies or rivals. I
promise to tell you whether your husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false; tell you how to
f_ln the love of the one you most desire, even
though miles away; how to succeed In business,
•peculation, lawsuits; how to marry the one of
your choice; how to regain youth, health and
vitality; removes evil Influences, cures drink
habit, locates treasures, cures nervous diseases.
How can I have good luck?
How . can I succeed in business ?
How can I make my home happy T
. How can I marry the one I choose ?
How soon can I marry?
How can I make any one love me?
How soon will my lover propose?
How can I get a good position?
How can I remove bad Influences?
How can I control any one? .
How can I hold hiy husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's -love? \u25a0
HOURS 10 TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST., NEAR JONES.
Permanently located In his own home. ;. :• .
PROF. NIBLO.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of life; Miss Wille guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the past; gives correct forecast of your fu-
ture: advises you on important affairs,
whether financial. . domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading,, $1; hours
10-8 p. m.; French, German. English spoken.
______ „ \u0084 "
• THE EGYPTIAN CLAIRVOYANT AND
PALMIST. .
Permanently located at 1104 Market St.,
rooms 9. and 10. cor. Turk (Vendome); pri-
vate readings dally. 10 a. in. .to 5 p. m.;
.'{ questions answered, $1; full life, $5.
LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known clairvoyant in San Francisco. Re-
opened at The Health. 312 Eddy st. Hours 10
to 5. Readings by mall, $2. \u25a0
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clair. and palm.,
has second slcht; a wonderful prophetess;
L.. BOc; G., $1. 1035 Fillmore, nr. McAllister.
MME. KRONEXBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist: wh:-n others fall try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102»-l. Uth. nr. Mission.
Miss Melbourne, clairvoyant, palmist, mystic
card reader; guarantees satisfac. 12-8 Markt.
SEND date of birth and 2 stamps for a pen
picture of your life. H. HILL, 120 Sutter st.
MRS. SHAFFER, permanently located at 53S
Stevenson St.; hours 9 to 9; open Sundays.
SPIRITUAI.ISM£'. £\u25a0;
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10,- Gait House.
MRS. LESTER"S circles 8 p. m., except Thurs..
10c; read.' dally; mines a specialty; 95 Sixth.
CASSINO, wonderful gifted healing medium,
cures hopeless cases quickly. 110 6th St., r. 6.
MME. YOUNG'S marvelous test circle to-night,
10c. 975 McAllister; readings. 12(5» McAllister
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday, 10c. 148 ' Sixth st.
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser, has
no equal In city. 110 Sixth St., room 8.
CAJ HPET- gE AT IX ii AXD CL.EAXIXG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on Uoor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop: prices moderate. S. •F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company, 308 Market
st.: phone Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st: Tel. South 40.
MATTRESSES made over at your house; hand
pick, $1 50. H JOHNSON, upholsterer and
carpet layer, 1441 Ellis st; phone West 4595.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, ISC9 Har-
rlson st; Al cleaning, 3c. Phone Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co.. J. McQueen
proprietor. 529 Guerrero. St.; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO.. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st. — First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison gt. ; tel.Mlsslon 2f13.
LAUNDRIES.' ' . /
JAPANESE laundry and dry cleaning work.
2122 Fillmore St.; tel. Geary 2053. \u25a0
DENTISTS.
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.,
Perfect,' painless dentistry at lowest prices. .
Fudd set of teeth, $2: silver fillings, 25c; gold
fillings, $1; gold crowns. $3; bridge work. $3.
1104 Market -t, corner Turk.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^-Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; v all ..work painless and
warranted. Chicago, Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL,. 1413 Market, near 11th—;
No charce for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made \u25a0 over • like new; teeth
from $8 per; set; extracting 50c; gas given. ;
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,
BGc.New York Dentists. 909 Mission, cor.6th.
GOLD fillings.- 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2.'.. n0
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lol^ Grant ay.
EDUCATIONAL.
A CHANCE for every < young man .to Improve
Intellectually; brains ts money; you may In-
crease your salary by. Increasing your, earn-
ing power; the Young Men's Christian" Asso-
ciation conducts the most complete i system."
of night schools in the country; %32,000% 32,000 stu-
dents enrolled; San Francisco 7 'Association
building, NE. cor. - Mason and Ellis sts,. 'of-
fers exceptional facilities: for. a business and
commercial education; if , you. haye f only- one
hour , a . day : to devote "\u25a0 to j etudy.« give : us - a
' chance to j help ' you; : every branch , : . taught
. from the fifth grade ; to ' preparation .' for the
university: business : course ; a specialty; I the
day clashes are . open <to all : men; , the . night
classes are a . great , convenience. : : Roila •V.
Watt, president; H.-J.. McCoy, general) secre-
\u25a0\u25a0 tary. • Send • for descriptive • catalogue |to H.
E; •- ESDON. \u25a0- Director, of Education.-- Associa-
tion building. '.-:'\u25a0 . ». : - . '. - • •
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mln.,f mech., sur- !
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve; est. 1864. Van
der NallUn School. 113 Fultonanr. City Hall.
HF.ALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st"
Established 1863; largest In the West; annual
; enrollment 1000; send : for : circular.';-.-; .
DANCING. "-i both " adult and children's classes,
• now open at Hlnman's : School of Dancing,
1412 Polk at. nr. California; phone East 2126.
A — THE ' Lyceum, ,an :\u25a0 excellent;;- preparatory
school for ; university,'! law and ( medical ' col-
leges;' we i prepared hundreds | of students suc-
cessfully and _we shall .• prepare : you; 1 day, •
evening session; references -President Jordan'
•"' or any. Stanford professor. 'Phelan -building.- -\u25a0«
A— THE Osborn \u25a0\u25a0* Conservatory ' of ; Music - and
Store; 8000 pupils;. Stelnway 'Hall- bldg., 223
- Butter st. 1 S. -F.;?1069 \u25a0 Broadway,^ Oakland; ;
' 612 . S. Broadway, . Los ; Angeles ; . pianos, '• har-
'•\u25a0• mony. vocal, stringed instruments; also brass
,' Instruments free i to beginners. ,;• i \u25a0 ; , . \u25a0
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS.COL.. 933 Market
. : conducted by ; Robert ;\u25a0\u25a0 F. \u25a0 Gallagher,- expert :
court reporter, , holds world's record | for short- 1
hand' writing;, successful "himself,*, wilirmake
.you so; shorthand, ; typing/; bookpg.- Catalogue.*
HEALD'S School: of Mines and j Engineering," 24;.
'\u25a0._\u25a0 Post st;: S." Fwjclvll.'.mlnlng, \u25a0\u25a0 electrical,'; steam;
and gas' engineering.' -,' Send : for; pros pectus."&j
A— METROPOLITAN-Callfornla-Stud«nts.Joln-
..- cd. Business," Stenographic 925. Golden Gate. '
EDUCATIONAL— Continued.
ALL who desire good \u25a0- position \u25a0 should' attend
this :\u25a0 college; we have had ; 250 " good ; places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lfge. 73S Mission st. . ' \u25a0• :. l: f-Vi%* '\'-
BOOKKEEPING, . Eng., math., etc.,-, day and
eve.; Individual ?instr. 305 Larkln st. - Pror.
T; A. Robinson.' formerly pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
A special class preparatory to' teachers'; exam-
Inatlons or State nor.: schls. 333 Phelan bldg.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAUTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night classes.
__ jra^I»I^OVJHEXT OJ^FICESI
AN up-to-date 'Japanese-Chinese emp. | office;
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. KIODA. 405 Post \u25a0 st. : tel. James 501.
STAR Employment Offlee— Reliable Japanese
aud Chinese help furnished \u25a0 with care. W.
KAJ3OTA. 409 Powell st. ; tel.-' Main 1751. .
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment • Office
promptly furnishes all kinds* of reliable help.
George Sakauye.r 42l Post 8 t: tel. Bush 135.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. ' WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton st.: tel. Bush 850.
AN old e*tab. (1850) Chinese emp. office. C.
CHONG'g. removed to 618 Plne;tel. Grant 156
H. W. HONG.-111.3A Clay St.; Chinese employ-
ment office; best help. Tel. East 426.
Finest Japanese help: house-cleaning specialty:
Geo. R.Kunlabe. 543 Mason; tel. Jamea C 251.
CHINESEand Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel,' Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE, Chinese help of all kinds furnish- j
ed; house-cleaning. 708 Taylor:, James 7&>G.
RELIABI^: Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main BIBS.
EM r LOV3I ENT WANTED — FE3I ALE.
A REFINED and cultured lady who has had
long experience In the care and management
of private \u25a0 boarding and apartment houses
is seeking an' engagement as manager of
some first-class apartment-house; la a careful
and successful manager; references ex-
changed. For interview address MRS. A. T.,
1225 Geary st. . •
DRESSMAKER; Eton Jackets, tailored suits,
.evening gowns and coats; work taken honv;
up-to-date designs; fits guaranteed; satisfac-
tion given; few more engagements per dny
or week. 336 Polk st, near McAllister, top
flat. . . __ :
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, thoroughly compe-
tent, would like position to do light houssa-
work and cooking; wages $15 to $20 and car-
fare. Call or address 927 Washington gt.^
A YOUNG and refined German lady, lately
from the East, desires a position as a house-
keeper, either in city or country. Call or
address 2390 Mission st
AN expert lady stenographer and typist, accu-
rate and rapid, desires either a temporary or
permanent position. Address P. O. b0x, 734.
or phone East 2019. '
A COMPETENT woman would like any kind
of housework or washing and ironing byahe
day. Address 111 Ninth st, or phone How-
ard 2536.'
A YOUNG, willing woman would like a posl-
> tlon to do cooking and general housework.
Address or call 211 Twenty-seventh et.; up-
stairs. . -
YOUNG woman, thoroughly competent, wishes
position to take care of sick or an Invalid;
will work by day or week: best of references.
Address 705 Ellis st. or phone East 9518.
A STRICTLY reliable colored girl would like
a position as lady's maid, or would do light
chambenvork -or housework; no washing.
Phor.e East 9301..
AN elderly : lady . would like a place in the
country where she could assist with light
housework; aroall wages. Address MRS. M.,
b'22 Rltch'st. . . .
MIDDLE-AGED woman who is good cook and
thorough- housekeeper* would like a position
in a small family of adults. Cal] at -39
Minna st. ,
A COMPETENT and willing young ' woman
would .like work In private houses, either
washing or cleaning. Address or call -Hl5
Linden aye.
EXPERIENCED woman wants work a few
hours a day: kitchen; boarding-hous« or no-
tel. Apply 311% Jessie St.. In basement.
YOUNG .woman would like place' as working
housekeeper in widower's family. Apply 458 Vi
Minna st. \u25a0 - * ..••\u25a0-.
STENOGRAPHER with ten years' experience
desires permanent position as bookkeeper and
to do stenographic . work. : Box 2760. Call.
LADY who is strong and willing. wishes; posi-
tion to. do" cooking or general^ housework in a
nice family. Address. Bso Market st; rm. 14.
YOUNG woman would like to: do -work by the
day in private houses or I rooming housps.
Address or call 161. Seventh -:et_ :
A FIRST-CLASS cook would like a position in
good American family, or. will assist .where
extra help is needed. Address L... 1505 Polk.
DRESSMAKER desires \u25a0 engagements by* the
day; accustomed to the finest, work; street
and evening gowns, j Phone East 3653.
LADY who is- neat and quick- sewer desires
sewing by the day. . Phone Scott 3415.
ENERGETIC Japanese woman would like place
in city where she could learn' any - kind of
*work; is willing. 417 Jones st:, phone East
3615. v .
A GOOD Japanese girl would like position to
do general housework in private family. Call
1916 Howard st. ; phone Church 3660.- '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALES.
ELEVATOR mar. with city references" wishes
situation In apartment house; is employed In
hotel now. Box 4812. Call.
COACHMAN or stableman by elderly English-
man; cood references. E. T., : 3581 Sacra-
- mento st.
A RELIABLE, energetic young married 'man
wishes; a position w^th large wholesale or
retail firm after Jan. -1; now employed by
dairy and farm supply house; business and
college education; understands mining j raa-
, chlnery; handy with tools; office work pre-
ferred : can furnish best of references. Box
27?1. Call office. ; .
YOUNG man, aged 21! years,' : residing with
parents, desires position as clerk or I assist-
ant; wholesale house preferred; is a willing,
faithful worker- and would -give employer bis
: best efforts; ; good \u25a0 references If desired. - Ad-
dreat: "H.. P.." 1616 A Turk .sty -
MAN : thoroughly ' experienced In all kinds of
agriculture, stock ralblng, irrigation or graJ-
ing land desires situation as superintendent;
. has .beat of . references. ' Address. F. " : M.
\u25a0 BEEBE, -175 Thirty-eighth St. Oakland.'-:
A PAPERHANGER and • painter, : first-class,
quick, up-to-date mechanic, : wants situation;
1 must have employment; -will -work' for
.. $2 60. Der day: city or^ country. Box 3945,
Callofflce. \u25a0 .'•"..\u25a0'-; «\u25a0; •\u25a0\u25a0...\u25a0- \u0084--- \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0 . : -:,V- \u25a0"
WATCHMAKEK. young man,, would like posl.
tlon anywhere as : watchmaker's- assistant;
has had experience at bench;: also 9 months'
school experience in East: , has -tools. JAS.
H. LEHMANN. 405. Geap- st. .-'\u25a0 . . '\u25a0\u25a0
WANTED— A position .' as • improver to' the ma-
chinist's tradeiby a young man, who has had
1 \u25a0 two and a half \u25a0 years' experience at lathe,
drill press and bench;; low. wages. Box 1938,
1008 Market st. M&MB9SIBSSQB_Si»n~£3-_(BSH
HOTEL' man, competent, reliable,', mature age,'
. ; experienced all-around, . wants'" position -as
/clerk, night or v day, or' manaarer: : city tor
country; fine ref erencea.' ' Box . 2744. Call.
CUTTER ? and Pallor— Energetic young man,
with some experience, wishes a t position *as
: assistant cutter;' no • objection; to • salary If
Box 4801,>CalI offlce.y .-• \u25a0• ; . '..: •",';\u25a0-.
A TRUSTWORTHY gentleman,- aged 30 years.'
would like positions with ;; business \u25a0 firm as
'/clerk or collector;-; will :- cheerfully . furnish
bonds. Address ', R.Cl L. . D., ; 6 , Monroe : st-:":
DANISH man wants . situation ; . as - plain gar-
dener, care \u0084 - of "horses* poultry; can- milk;
; best of reference. ';. -'. Address ; ANDREW
\u25a0 JOHNSON. 331' Kearny st, room 44. > \u0084 'v
BUTLER, , flrst-class. i English, desires ; situa-
tion;; moderate 'salary-, unimpeachable Cali-
fornia ; and \u25a0\u25a0'. Eastern ref erences. HENRY
i COLPEES. 1126; Market st. \u25a0'' . -\u25a0 - •
A ' SOBER and l industrious ' Dane, ' 40 ? years of
.'; age, desires, housecrleanlng and Janitor, work;
" good ',-; references.' '. Apply r. or • address' 1629
Golden Gate aye. : - \u25a0-. \u25a0\u25a0 :. '' -v > \u0084.-."; ,'..:•
FIRST-CLASS I young | bookkeeper,; and | general
\u25a0 office man, Al re ferences,"» desires • permanent
. \u25a0, position j' In - city or ! nearby; town;- with * firm
who appreciate ability. .Box 2767. Call office.'
SITUATION .watted 'by :\u25a0 traveling "salesman;
' : - California'^ territory ;'\u25a0 acquainted .with, general
' trade; i references; - bond if necessary. - Box
.:2766. Call/office: r'S ... \u25a0', ' :'^ : -, -. . \u25a0 \u25a0 >
SITUATION ; wanted $by £ man "with ' technical
and field ; experience 1 as 'aesfiengi-
\u25a0>: neer , and , transi tman ; « ref s. ,"1 Box. 2777, * Call, "i'
YOUNG . man speaking J several ; languages I and j
of good address and appearance* is anxious to
obtain apposition. -Address G.-A., 558 Stelner.'
FIRST-CLASS steam and gas fitter would like
': ; r position : ;no v: objection :\u25a0\u25a0> to "" country :\u25a0; place.'
_CPhone <Eaet. 4481.'^ •:'•"\u25a0. '. '.;.--'\u25a0 ;..'.;. -.'.'\u25a0 -V '...;;r-
' A*< GOOD ; bartender would ". like * city .'- position ;
s;?can<glve good 'references.;' Address ;D. .11.,
JS-^i iO2.< Poik. at; ...•'\u25a0\u25a0;,\u25a0 -.''\u25a0-" >:;\u25a0-•:-': :.;:- -.
tYdUNGl man : would -like ' situation), in \u25a0 grocery '
T"J! store:. : fexperleni-ed. , Box ! 2756.' Call v. offlce."V;
rAIIPAP&R-HANGERr AlIPAP&R-HANGER and 'painter, wants situa-
'?4U6u: ED nuvwbsre if _t«_dy.'^ 80x ; 2736. Call.
EJMPLay^WEJVT^WAN
[ A RELIABLE man? wants situation as- night
i watchman; references. Address I. 8., 205
; Third st. " ..'. \u25a0: -.'..--. ; .;
. COOK < : and ; pastry cook; best reference. 1177
. 'Howard at; room; 14;.,'" ... \u25a0 " \u25a0
. YOUNG man w.ould -like situation : in grocery;
. experienced; Philadelphia^. Box 2756, Call.
EXPERIENCED hotel . manager, desires en-
. gagement. ..Address Manager,, box 2768," Call.
YOUNG Japanese of experience wish's position
i as schoolboy or" housework; \u25a0 wages, can bo
'.email; good place more desired; "speaks good
English. ' j Address . 713 Sacramento St., or !
'- phone Black ,1871. \u25a0. .
Japanese couple • want', situations in .- private
family; man as lst-class fancy cook & wife
as waitress, housework: with 5 refs.; 15 yrs.'
experience. M. Shirs. 465 Jessie; tel. Mint 591.
; A FAITHFUL young Japanese boy wishes posi-
tion as school boy In small family. Call or
1 address R. X., 442 Devisadero -st; phone
Page.2lo9/1- " .. : '\u25a0 ; .
FAITHFUL Japanese boy ' would like place
f where he cnuld work mornings .': until 10
o'clock. Address or call T. IKEDA, 1207
Bush st.
1 A JAPANESE who is fine cook and . has best
of references ' wishes position as schoolboy.
Address HARRY TAKETA. _oBA OTarrell.
JAPANESE boy wishes situation to do house-
work; speaks English. A. MAKI,' 10 Chelsea
placr. off Bush at. *..\u25a0.; •
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook for hotel or board-
ing-house. Please ca11. 306 Sacramento st.,
upstairs.
Ci^-~ : FINANCIAL. _"_'
$8000 — ON ; good country farm and business
property; will pay 6 per cent net; security
worth 18,000; Investigate quickly, as loan
muet be had January 10. Box 2776, Call.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES;
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department is free to all; we can find
•; you a home In any part of the city; ask for
nonpayment other than your good will;' we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use this department freely: you are more
than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO., 243-239 Geary
st. (on the square.)
POINT LOBOS aye.. ISO 7, near 2d aye.— Don't
live In a rooming-house when you can get a
nlc» sunny furnished flat of 5 : rooms and
bath for $20 per mo.; Geary cars pass door.
ALMOST new upper 6-room flat; sun and light
In each room; rent very low If rented before
the first of the year. 1455 Broderlck st
CORNER upper flat, 8 targe front rooms; eas-
ily rented; cheap at $35. Apply Fell and
Devlsadero sts., southwest corner. . ,
A MONTH free: new 4-room flats. $23; Janitor
eervlce. but not an. apartment house; plenty
of sun. 2267 Hayes st. nr. Golden Gate Park.
BRODERICK. 143, near Haight— Modern B-
room flat; marble steps, team ceilings, elec-
. trio lights,' etc.; .owl cars; rent reasonable.
ELEGANT, new sunny , flat; H rooms; stone
steps; beamed ceilings;' electric lights; base-
ment; yard. 1662 Grove, nr. Central aye.; $30.
TWENTY-SECOND. 3554. near Dolores — 5 sun-
ny rooms; bath & double parlors: cheap; $15.
A MONTH free; new 4-room Hats, $25; Janitor
_ service; sunny. 2207 Hayes st., nr. Q. G. Pk.
6 SUNNY rooms; modern plumbing, $20. Key
at grocery, Fell, and Devlsadero, near Park.
FLAT, 1256 Twentieth aye., near II st. and
Gold Gate Park — 5 rooms; low rent..
$9— UPPKR rear flat,.- sunny rooms. | 27 Pearl
st., off Market, near Valencia.
NEW. modern flat. 7 rooms. 443 Fourteenth
street. \u25a0\u25a0
DUBOCE aye., 531. near Stelner— New, mod-
ern, sunr.y, 7 rooms; $35. .
$12 OR $15 — New flats, 4 or 5 rooms. 20 Clyde
st, near S. P. depct. » ..
ELEGANT sunny 6^r. flat; every convenience;
fine view. 1046 Broderlck, near Turk; $25.
LYON, 804, near Golden Gate aye. — 4 rooms,
bath\, water free; renovated; reduced $15.
BRODERICK, 1433 — Live rent free: 6-room flat,
with 4 attic rooms; can sublet each room; $25.
CENTRALLY located corner flat; 5 rooms and
bath. 1002 Mason t=t...cor. Sacramento. .
CENTRAL,. modern,, upper flat,6 rooms, bath.
1C26 Sacramento st, above Powell; moderate.
NOE st. 325. near Market — Modern lower flat,
\ 6 room* and bath; rent $22 80.^ •: \u25a0 \u25a0:.•:\u25a0.\u25a0--
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
SIX rooms newly furnished, including first-
class "piano. $40; owuer going- to leave the
city: reference required ; call to-day. 183
Bslvedere st, near Golden Gate Park.
4 ' OUTSIDE rooms and .bath, complete for
housekeeping; - gas and electric lights. '1709
Hayes st." - ' . "
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
FOR sale — A 5-room furnished flat;, price $ISS.
Address box 2663.- Call office.- \u25a0 ,\
FLOORS TO LEASE. "'^-
LARGE light floor: electric elevator; excellent
location: low rent KNOWLES CO.. 24 2d.
FURNITURE 'WANTED.
A— PHONE~Soutirioisrirwln pay; you to send
for me before you sell your furniture, car-
pets, piano, etc. M. GALLICK, 201 Larkln.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market
st. bet.,»th and 10th, paying big money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 179.
WANTED— Furniture of \u25a0 4 or. 6 room house
complete. Give particulars to box 2701,
/ Call office.
Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
• pays highest price. for. furniture, carpets, etc.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture. carpets, etc. 752 Mission; tel. Bush 813.
Z. ABE LEVY. 1135 Market. St., phone Jessie
761, pays cash and buys everything.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
of nice home, new; mu«t sell at
once; unusually desirable house; • best part
of Alameda; rent $30. See CHARLES S.
CLARK, care of Shreve. & Co., San Fran-
' Cisco. •'..--: • .'..\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 : .
ALMOST given away; unredeemed . storage pl-
anos and fur. Whltehoad's Storage, 1 163t> Mkt.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. T
WANTED — First-class nurse, $30; English sec-
ond girl, $25; chambermaid,^- some waiting.
El s 23; waitress, all winter, hotel,, country. $25:
• :14 -i cocks, . \u25a0 olain \u25a0 work." $30; 18 cooks . ana
general: housework girls for city and country,
i $25 and $30; French ' cook, :• $35, for country.
' See J. F.: CROSETT _.- C 0.,, 334 gutter st. -
AA— OPERATORS wanted on ladles', under-
\u25a0 wear : to ' work .-. in ' factory. : 656 Mission st,
third floor. :;.:</
AA— OPERATORS .on \u25a0 ladles',; underwear and
* children's ''• wear to, take- work" home. 636
Mission st.'., third floor. \u25a0" -
AA— EXPERIENCED tuckers wanted on
\u0084: ladles' ..underwear and children's wear. \u25a0••• 666
Mission st.. third floor. . ;.; . - .
AA— EXPERIENCED operators .'.-\u25a0 on ladies'
\u25a0 waists tind summer suits to work In factory.
fUS6 Mission ; st; third floor.- ; '
GIRLS to learn. halrdresslng," manicuring, mas-
: sage,' etc.", from .A to Z In 1 imo, . for $10: 7
positions to flll guaranteed at $10 per wk. up:
! day 'and eve. class. ,234 Post; r. '-17,'. 2d floor.
THE 'opportunity -of your life; millinery taught
: , In first-class ' parlors; guarantee to secure po-
sitions for all competent scholars by- Jan. 25;
-terms $20. "\u25a0 234 Post st, room 16, 3d floor. .. \u25a0.
LEARN • halrdresslng,* facial massage. | manlcur-
:;; Ing, scalp itreatmentbalr work.removal super-
fluous hair; -day, eve. .classes; positions wait-
-s ing; $10 week up.; 210 Powell, r. 2-3, 2d:floor.
GIRL for .'general housework; $20; two In fam-'
.•vlly:«references/ '.8763.C1ay,,5t.' ' • :
FIRST-CLASS : : --' pants finishers. CHARLES
•_;BASCH, 1 .744 Market st... room; 20. •
GIRL for bakery. 336 t Third^ st. ':
{WANTED— Competent bookkeeper ; for steam
\u0084y laundry; $10 per, week. 3372 Mission .'st- \u25a0•; . •
CASHIER — Young ; girl ' for \u25a0 restaurant. S3
'^O'Farrell'st: V- : > "r, ' '\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0 :\u25a0 _\u25a0 ..-'\u25a0 \u25a0: .-.
.YOUNGl woman, to travel on road In California;
'," no ~ experience necessary. V Call at Win-
iV Chester,: Hotel: « .;\u25a0\u25a0..* \u0084
WANTED— Young women ' to : learn telephone
;.' operating: •; salary;- while, learning; references
'* required. >• Apply after 9 a. m., 216 Bush st
.?:: third ' floor. \u25a0-.-\u25a0-: ".•\u25a0-\u25a0,.'.--\u25a0\u25a0 - . \u0084...'
WANTED — For ! a ' position offering opportunity
'\u25a0; for < advancement, :l: l an energetic woman \u25a0\u25a0 who'
'-::'. has «' had - some • business ' experience. Box
'. 4803. Call office. '..:-\u25a0 ,--\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0:, . \u0084;, v . .-
BOOKKEEPERS.cashier9,'bill'clerks.etc.'.l will
• guarantee you qualification to flll positions In
H 30; days; private Instruction by accountant;po-
: j sitions; secured. '.Address box 1731 », Call office.-
'A\ FINE • appearing 1 business v woman : 3 positively
j .-, muet i be. ;. university t or.; normal , graduate and
;i extra> good 'correspondent;', no 'other; -good
.:? salary .;\u25a0\u25a0: Write f fully, to box 2726, Call office.
HEJLPJtVA^TJEJJ—FE^A^E—^»t^«f*
WANTET>^T^e'mplo"y~lady'wlth~FOO_*knowl-
" edge of , music; salary $800: references re-
qnlrtd. Box 5944. Call office.
BRIGHT, energetic lady 'to represent first-class
mining company. .Call 1002 Jas. Flood bldg.
BARBERS— Employment and "nppHes.
BARBERS. /Attention— Coleman's Exchange;
city and country barber shops bought and
sold.: See COLEMAN. 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
4-CHAIR barber shop for eale; choice location;
sacrifice. COLEMAN. 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
BARBER shops offered to buyers at special
inducements. Coleman's, 311 Jas. Flood bids.
BARBER shops— Large rariety of them; _cmc
rery good; also a number of shops ln..coun-
try; all prices., STOLTZ. 723 Market st
FOUR-CHAIR barber shop and cigar store;
•old at a sacrifice it taken at once; account
sickness. Address P. O. box 839. San Jose.
BARBER shops wanted; all those that can
bear close Investigation as to their merits
may apply to D. STOLTZ. 723 Market _t.
WANTED— Barber; furnished shop. Twenty-
fourth and Alabama sts.; single man pr»-
1 ferred. ' •
BEST 2-chair barber shop In Alameda: must
. sell at once; owner sick. 1544 Park it
BARBE3R wanted at 137 Fourth «t
SITUATION wanted by first-class barten city
or — unti-v Box 430 T. Call. - \u25a0'\u25a0 '- ' '
BARBER— Wanted at «63 Howard at thij
morninr. \u25a0 '
* HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay «t
Phone Main SS4S.
Our Own Printing:
Plant Issues our free list of position* four
times daily — 7 a. m., 10 a. m.,
1 p. m., 4 p.m.
EMPLOYERS, ATTBNTIONI
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OS"
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
. IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP. DO A3 OTHERS DO—
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY _ READY. C 34-636 Clay at.
' Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE: TUB
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave in 1904 1805 we hope t-
64.000 men work. lncrea>; 64.000.
MERCED. MERCED.
THAT NEW RAILROAD.
ARE YOU GOING T
600 drillers |79
600 hammermen .............\u25a0.......•••• . . $"3
500 laborers §87 B0
600 muckers ...............$67 60
We have got special railroad rates.... s2 40
OCR OFFJCE FEE ONLY $1.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 C— y at
ARIZONA— ARIZONA.
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT. 940 miles, $9 40.
25 laborers, you'll B ult Call early.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay »t
THIS NEW MILL.
INSIDE WORK— STEAXnr JOBS.
25 laborers to go this afternoon, $60.
General manager here. Call and see him
AT OUR OFFICE.
MURRAY & READY. 834-636 Clay at
LOOK.
Walter, mine hotel, $25 and found.
Experienced salesman on folding paper boxes.
$70 to $100.
Furniture flnlshen : also apprentices.
MURRAY fc READY. 634-63tt Clay st
LOOK! LOS ANGELES. $5.
SHIP TO-DAY. 9 A. M.
—TO LOS ANGELES, $5—
—TO LOS ANGELES. $3—
25 teamstere, $67 60.
25 trackmen. $t»7 60.
20 MUCKERS FOR MINES. $73.
ARE YOU GOING TO LOS ANGELES?
$5 FARE.
; MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay «t
SANTA CRUZ.
25 teamsters, special R R. fare, $65.
25 laborers, special R. R. fare, $63.
NEW WORK NOT FAR AWAY.
12 teamsters, free fare. $67 50.
Baker, bread and cake, email good Job, $3
week and found.
§ cooks, different places, special Jobs, $30 to
~s6o and found. -
2 machine hands, planing mill. $3 day.
Men. address envelopes, this office.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at
'. " - MECHANICAL. ~
2 sheetlron workers, city.
2 Iron molders country foundry; printer,
country town. $40.
3 tinners - steady work, country. $3 50 day.
MARRIED HELP.
Choreman and wife, private place, near city.
$45 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MINES — QUARRIES —
—LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
TUNNELS.
30 miners hand and machine work, $2 30
to $3 day.
20 tunnelmen, near city, $2 75 day.
47 drillers and hammermen, city and coun-
try, $2 50 to $2 75 day.
15 headermen. tunnels. $2 25 to $2 75 day.
LABORERS.
343 laborers. . different Jobsv all parts of Cali-
fornia—factories, mills and general work;
$2 to $2 50 day. $60 to $75 month.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
SOUTH— SPECIAL FARE. $- 40.
BIG MONEY FOR YOU.
TWO YEARS' WORK.
NEW RAILROAD— SOUTH.
One Thousand Men.
ALL OPEN CUT "WORK.
' DRILLERS AND HAMMERMEN $73.
LABORERS AND MUCKERS. $67 50.
BOARD. ETC.. $20 MONTH.
SPECIAL FARE, $2 40.
OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
ARE YOU GOING SOUTH?
;. \u25a0 \u0084 MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay st
DOES THIS LOOK GOOD TO YOU?
FREE TO-DAY. TO-DAY IT'S FREE.
OCEAN SHORE R. R.
45 laborers. $60. • V
45 teamsters, $67 50.
45 drillers. $67 80.
>_\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 MURRAY & R^ADY, 634-636 Clay st
OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 COAL MINERS.
$1 TON— ARE YOU GOING?
COAL MINERS.
MEXICO. 250 Coal Miners. MEXICO.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
165 TIEMAKERS, 13c EACH.
FACTORY. <
15 laborers for general work around a large
factory; no experience needed ; steady the
year round; any willing man can fill the bill:
inquire about it; you'll go; wages $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
.-:\u25a0.•"\u25a0 HOTELS. ETC. ~~
s.cooks,. cooks, other places.
Walters. . city hotels and restaurant-, $33
month.' '
Marker and distributor, country laundry, $35.
OTHERS.
\u25a0 20 boys for stores, factories, city and conn-
Experienced florist.- city store.
FARMS. RANCHES,
MILKERS. CHOREMEN.
. 6 plow teamsters, good ranch, $30 and fd.
14 general farmers, different ranches, $28 t»
$32 and found. .
18 milkers,- butter-makers and choremen and
• choreboys, $15, $20. $25. $30. $53 and found.
18 pruners. vineyard or orchard, $26 to $30
. and found.
• ' Boy. help ; paint city.
MURRAY _ REXDY. 634-636 Clay st
BECOND cook, city ' hotel." $40 and found.
-.. :\u25a0' -.:" ' BUTCHER.
20 woodchoppers. •$1 CO and $1 75 cord. \u25a0
MURRAY &, READY. 634-636 Clay st
TEAMSTER, special city wagon. $2-$2 50 day.
• Man do ranch work blacksmlthlng,-$l 25 day
- and found." i' «« Mil- Win \u25a0'\u25a0»U'WP***^»<tM6irt
. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay it
,MEN and boys -wanted to learn plumbing- trade;
. pays 5." day. after completing course of prac-
tical . instruction at home or In our schools;
graduates \u25a0 admitted to union and Master
. Plumbers' - Association; positions secured.
. Coyne Bros. • Co. Plumbing Schools, New
York; Cincinnati ; free catalogue.
AT ONCE, .bright young men. 18 to 83 years,
v. to prepare for excellent Government positions
in this State; starting salary $800 per annum:
; See immediately N. . H. OLIVER, 43 Phelan
building. 9 a. nV to 6 p. m.
WANTED— At once, solicitors for the city and
\u25a0; vicinity; special holiday ' inducement" Call
and investigate: 'afternoons and evenings, at
:.") 3155 Mission, st. *
WANTED-^-Laborers:-plck and shovel. : Four-
teenth and N, st. South; take. Kentucky -st
* 'cars. \u25a0•..' - 1 " \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0.'.-.-:
YOUNG ;\u25a0> man .to learn ; shoe business ; all
, branches. • 500 Larkln. st.', - .
WANTED^- Drug clerk; must b? competent and
r. well , recommended. ' : Box 4SOO. Call.
FIRST-CLASS tailors; steady work. &18 Mar-
ket ' St., room 27." -. . . '
WE want *a* first-class man. accustomed to sell
at J wholesale.; and -with expertence-ln the
-talking; machine business, to sell at whole-
sale' ln San Francisco. See- MR. GRAY at
125 Gearys at..*;- Columbia Phonograph .Co.
WANTED— Men ,to ! flll 300 rooms at "Ocner
j- night : - clothes , closets ; hair i mattrcss«s/ elec-
trlc lights in every, room. 681 Howard, nr. Sd. ,
DETECTIVES— Learn the business; money
made^ while learning. 604 Mont*«™«re. r . -nil
-HELP WANTED— MAIE—Co-tl»-*l
AT HORD _ SMITH'S Employment Of fie*.
- 62S Clay st. Telephone Main 8521.
Free far*. Slskiyou County." laborer-, J3.
Special fare. 230 miles south, drillers. $3 30.
Muckers.* $2 25; laborers, $2 23: Merc«d Ca.
Special fare. Western Pacific, laborers. $2 23.
Miners, city. $2 2T> to $2 75: laborers. $3.
2 rock foremen, $6O to $75 and found, loo*
Jobs. -
New company work, laborers, $2 to $3 »;
no disccunt
Rough carpenters and laborers to help car-
penters, south. $2 50 per day, fare $2 SO.
3 blacksmiths, company work, $73 per month
and found. Western Pacific Railroad Co.
3 tool sharpeners for same place. $73 found.
I_borer_ You'll do.
$2 to $2 SO •
Houses to live In fcdl winter: a sprins; eot
for each and every man; company work.
CITY— LA BORE-R^-CTTY.
10 laborers. $2 to $2 25, fax* sc.
12 laborers. $2. » hours, cheap fare, com-
pany work, good outfit 4
10 teamsters. $2 23: no discount far* tl 28.
Good Outfit— New Job— South.
Laborers. $2, across the bay. fare 13a.
Tunnelmen. $2 25 to $V 3. long Job, olose In.
JANITOR for halls. $50 and increase; black-
smith and shoer. $3 day; 2 farmersand
wives. $43 and $50 and found: Uundryrr lan
for institution. $43 and found: coo_s and
others. J. K. CROSETT - CO.. CS Sacra-
mento at .
WANTED — At once. good. !!\u25bc• canvasser* t»
represent u» throughout California; larsr* com-
missions paid; complete outfits furnished *re«;
good prospects for right party. Full particu-
lar* address Oregon Nursery Co.. S— em. Or.
I__ARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $S0
to $130 per month salary paid our graduates;
our ilx schools Indorsed by all railroads;
_ay and eve. aesslon; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy. 28 O'F-rreH st
AGENTS wanted to sell lots en easy terms; SI
-own. $1 a week; no Interest; no taxes; l.ar;*
commission paid: Investigate. -"-.CLFIC
REALTY CO.. 419 Grant building.
MEN learn the barber trade in 8 weeks: tulr
tlon earned while learning; situations guar-
anteed: only up-to-date colleges In America."
HOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE, 644 Clay st. .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added ICO new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third «t.. 250 rooms. 25c to SOo per night.
ANY Intelligent person may earn good Incom*
corresponding for newspaper: experience un-
necessary; send for particular-. Preas Syn-
dlcate, Lockport N. Y. .
MEN and ladies to lm.nx barber trade; new
method; wages earned while learning; P° sl -
tlons guaranteed after eight weeks. GrI_L-
MAN'B Barber College. 627 Clay st
TOUNO men, learn sign painting; I teach you
by mall; $5 for complete course. "Write for
particulars. NIS—E SCHOOL OB* LETTER-
ING. 94 W. Mountain st. Pasadena, Cal.
MAN to drive laundry wagon:" $63 per month;
must nave $400. 3372 Mission st
MAN to learn clgar-makJns-: good pay while
learning; $10 security required. 613 Merchant
GERMAN cabinet-maker and French polisher.
Box 4806. Call.
BAILORS and youo* man (green hands) for
ships. HAT.t.w— HT. Cl 7 Jackson st
WANTED— Man to tron In laundry. Cs_l after
8:30 at 764 Howard at
CLOTHINO. furnishing roods and hat aaJes-
man at Heller's bankrupt sale. 1023 Market.
FIRST-CLASS operator on custom, coats; call
Tuesday morning-. 229 Stevenson st.
MEN and women to learn tha barber' trade;
new method: wages paid while l-arnlnj: po-
sitions g-aaranteed; special inducement-). . San
Francisco College. 741 A Howard st. .
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d st. rm. 522.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. rm. 40. Phelan
bid. Past Com. Geo. 11. Thomas Post. GV.A.R.
DAUTEL wants 800 men to buy Inspected
Government shoe." at 631 Sacramento st
10.000 WORKINGMEN to buy our genuine
army shoes; all inspected. 105 Third «t \u25a0 ' \u25a0
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 33c night; read! ns-rooma:
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertising and subscriptions has
been opened at 1003 Market st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
THREE platform lumber wagons. 14, fort Ions;
one 8- ton platform furniture wagon; all kinds
of dell-very wagons 6 laundry and. one bak-
ery wagen; all kinds of buggies, surreys and
carts. KLEIBER'S. 1504-8 Fblsom st.
FOR eale— A good driving horse; light bay; 15
hands high; 8 years old; good style; well
broken: perfectly sound; price $273. Box
2961, Call office.
WANTED — To hire 800 head of horse* or mules
with harness for scraper work. Inquire for
particulars MADIGAN. O'NEIt. & CO.. 123
Qrove st.
JUST arrived, carload horse-. 1200 to 1700: call
and see them. G. LINDAUER. 841-843 Fol-
som st.
AUCTION aale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st
HORSE, buggy and harness for sale cheap.
STOTTS & RHODA. Upper Frultvale. Cal.
'FOR sale — Horse, "^flve years old; perfectly
sound and gentle. Box 2679. Call office.
I WANTED — A good driving- horse for light busi-
ness. Box 2979. Call office.
A NO. 1 new delivery wagon. $100; worth $130.
1303 Devlsadero st. ...
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Motgmy.
MARY, 20. near Fifth and Mission— Hous* of
7 rooms: double parlors; rent cheap; $25. .
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE.
FURNISHED house of 19 rooms; clears $t»0 per
month at present with 2 rooms vacant; price*
$1000. 56 South Park.
HOUSES WANTED — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house wanted in select location
of Piedmont or Berkeley. Address box 2715,
Call office. : .
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEW, 'neat cottage at San Francisco's health-
ful, beach; 4 rooms, bath, lavatory, gas and
electric light; sun all day; rent reasonable.
Take Park and Cliff House car. stop at 4*>t!i
aye.. go south one-half block to No. 1273. :.
FURNISHED and unfurnished cars and cot-
tages, Oceanslde district, also facing ocean.
$10 üb. J. H. D. FELDBUSCH JR.. rentlns
dept.. 49th aye. and I st. ocean boulevard.
HOTELS.
HOTEL. St. Nicholas, Market Larkln, Hayes
. sts. — Heart of.S. F. : modsrn; American and
European plans; electric lights and phone In
\u25a0 every room; hot and cold water; quiet.
\u25a0'.-\u25a0\u25a0_ INVESTMENTS.
HOTEL company now 'forming; . well-known
people; competent management; great success
assured; will earn easily 20 per cent per an-
num; portion of stock offered " at par; will
certainly ; enhance greatly in value within
.short time. For full particulars address
. Hotel, box 2771. Call office. . '
NAMES of Eastern Investors for sale. MAX-
WELL.* 1174 James Flood building.
: INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD. : rented, exchanged: manufacturer of the
Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt.: teL Park 773.
_^ JAPANESE FLORIST.
JAPANESE Florist— Fresh cut flowers every
day; plants for sale a specialty. 1708 Pol*
*st. near Washington. Phone East 1304.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Sunday morning on Hayes street, bet
Buchanan and St. Ignatius Church. -a small
black purse with light blue stor.es in clasp;
purse contains money. Return .738 Hayes st
"and receive reward.
;; — \u25a0 :—;: — ; 1_
LEFT over saloon bar, evening Nov. 25. 190.1.
small valise : also small hand satchel. Wilt
saloon 'man leave address where to call Cot
same?.Addreaa box 4810. Call office.
LOST — Small yellow half-breed pug dog. Nam*
"Blngo.V Return to Zinn Eugene Hotel o»
Belvedere Music Hall and get. big reward. .
LOST — GoM watch fob. engraved S'E: D.
Return 1635 Sacramento St.; reward.
LOST — Black : and white greyhound dog. !-*• C
turn to 331 Minna -st. : reward. ._1
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbcrnia Savtrw*-
and Loan Society of San . Francisco ra • the
nam« of TIMOTHY O'KEEFFE or ELLKN
O'KEEFFE. No. 255-680. The finder will
\u25a0 dl-»-- r«-— rn to baolt.'USUALLY PRINTED FIRST IN WANT ADS
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
end Lvan Society of San Francisco, in the
ncme cf CATHERINE E. DONOVAN No
: 74-110. The finder will please return to
. bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan J?oc:ety of San Francisco in the
r.ajne of GEORGK M. CAWLEY: No. 245-379
The nnflrr will please return to bank.
LOST— Black male half-breed Cocker spaniel;
:;cepso No. 2551. Return to 2932 Jackson Et.
' ana receive reward.
• -LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
' ; C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
*t.. for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
' * MED I C AL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Ladies, all who are
sick or In trouble, consult this specialist on
\u25a0female complaint*: positively corrected; the
unfortunate he!pe<s; the most difficult cases
treated; every case teken; immediate relief;
r.o poisoning firus*; low fees: my methods
•*•!'! cure ail cases of irregularity; consult
me; wave time and money; advice free. 1037
Market St.: hours. 8 a. m. to 4. 6:30 to 8:30.
I£BS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
cctaplair.ts and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; SO years' experience. 044 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male trouble* and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5, Sunday
10 to *2. IQOS^ Market st.. opposite Fifth.
VALPEAU'S femal. pll!s : best regulating pill*
sold; price $2 60 by express. Pasteure e>t-
• lrge* and tablet*; price $3. By exrrese only
•n recelst of price. OSGOOD BHOTHERS
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway'
Ccklar.d.
"PR SYLVESTER'S office, 1206 Market «t.
Leading Specialist for Women
Irregularities cured in 24 hours or no" charge-
3*lvtc« free; strictly private : hours 9 to »!
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment, reliable
safe, prompt for female Irregularities; relief
or.no fee: $10; hrs. 9-«. S5O Mkt. st.. suite 3"
B ??«, < L OJDONNELL— Office and residence
1021 y, Market Et.. bet. Cth and 7th- partlcu-
'•"• attention paid to diseases of women.
A- MRS. DR. GWYER. MIA Leavenworth St..
tx-t Geary and O'Farrell. Phone. East 697.
PR^W R. MACT. reliable ladies* specialist.
008 Market st. ; hours 10 to 9; Sun., 10 to 3.
I'R. end MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR KCSEN'. residence 23»5 Folscm EC. corner
Twenty-slith: ladjpg. relief or no fee: $10.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H 6. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office and Salesroom. 130 Beale st.
Works and Yards. Ninth and Bryant rts.
We have a brand new lot cf pipe complete,
. ready for immediate delivery.
H-tnch pipe $3 25 per hundred feet (new)
H-lnch pipe %i t»5 per hundred feet (new)
1-lnch pipe |5 70 per hundred feet (new)
}i,-lnch pipe $7 6<> per hundred feet (new)
IH-inch pipe.... $S F0 per hundred feet (new)
2-lnch pipe $11 as per hundred feet (new)
CH ; ln. screw pipe (2d hd): ready for ut«. 10c
«-.ln. ecrew pipe <2d hfl); ready for use. 12*4 c
\u25a0t^j-ln. screw pi;>« t2d hd) ; ready for use, 15c
4-in. «crew pipe (2d hd): ready for use. 19c
- 6end by check, money order or coin by
? W. F. Exr>re»> Co.. with order.
. . H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
:• Office 130 Beale et.
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pun-.ps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
»H. E. WHITE MCHY CO. 130 132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
' TOSH & WOLPMAN. 1&5-1U7 Fremont st
PARTY having bought fine standard make
\u0084 «pright piano on installments, and having
' fame half paid for, is unable to keep up
payments, and will sell equity for a nominal
turn to any one wishing to continue to make
payments. Box 2725. Call.
A LADY having met with reverses and about
to loss her piano, which she bought on the
installment plan, and having came almost
paid for. will sell for a email sum to party
Taking up balance o! installments. Dox
2732. Call.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool table*; easy payments; we rent tables
with nrlvileee of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. e52 Mission St.. S. F.
BATHTUBS. 3-in. rim. enameled. Jll 60; 20x30
sir.ks. $3 75; 16x24 sinks. $1 50; patent closets.
$10 50; washtrays, 2-faucet. $3 75; 3l)-gaJlon
boiiers. $4 75. 213 Fourth St.
ANOTHER rebuilt No. 1 Smith Premier Type-
writer. ?3fi; a bargain. L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery »t.. agents L. C.
* Smith & Bros.' visible typewriter.
COPPERSMITH'S power hammer. 10 hp. pert-
" *able engine, 10 hp. vertical engine, 40 hp.
engine and boiler, machinists' lathes. Cu2
.Third wu
WOODWORKING double-headrd shaper, 12-
inch and d-lnch sticker. S6-iach bar.djaw,
foot mortUer. JOHNSON & HORAN. CO2
Third *t.
..A— BUYS, eeilji and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe?, shafting, pulleys.
ttc. WHITELAW. 33C Main et. :
TOR sale — A sealskin as good as new.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFICE.
907 Market st.
J4ACKINERY. boilers anii engines bought,
sold and exchanged; power plants in their
enttrety bought. Western Mhy Co.. 230 Main.
A"— GENTS' full dreas cults to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton et.. recond floor.
A— THOMSON steam engine indicator: practic-
ally new; great barg. L. Epstein. 538 Mission
YACHT Neptune for sale. 246 Suttcr St..
rpozn 9. -j" \u25a0";•
COMPUTING scale, nearly new; latest design;
tiieap for cash or terrna. Box 2765. Call.
IDEAL Christmas gifts— Toy s-ilk poodle pup-
pies. 1450 Franklin St., basemfnt. t
BABY A I Vista panorama cameras. $3 00; take
pictures 2Vjx6 i i». Sunset Bazaar. 42 Third.
HIGH grade second-hand office safe and wagon
- scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES Must make room; no reasonable offer
refused. 123 New Montgomery rt.
I>E£KS and office furniture bought, sold and :
exchanred. T. P. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES — Printer. Cll S»nsome St..
Ean Francleco.
TWO merry-go-rounds; one miniature railway.
•BACIGAI.tTPI. «05 Kearny st.
SAFE?— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento gt.
MOVING pictures, magic Isr.ternn. pale, rental;
•b£.rgaln». BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, mibucriptlons received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church eta.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ANDERSON pay* highest price fcr ladles* and
gents' clothing. Tel. Howard 1187: 154 Bth st.
\u25a0DIAMONDS, etc., bought for cash. Karl Eber
/*: Co.. 4(*t-401 Adam* bldg,. 200 Kcarny st.
WANTED — Good hcrse for express wagon. Box
4111. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
CONFIDENTIAL..
Loans of all kinds and of every description
made on pianos, furniture, warehouse re-
ceipt!!, livestock and to people on their in-
Civldual notes at banklng-rfiouse rates; m
case of sickness or Joss of employment we
extend your loan. 60 you take no chance of
I.wlns your Broods; your business is strictly
fcocScentia', as we make no Inquiries cf your
beighbors- goods remain in your possession
«nd you can have the loan as long as you de-
i*lfe; if you have any outstanding bills or
owe cny loan company, we will pay them
'for you and give you more money; it Is
Vssier to pay one than a number; to ladles o:
T>**-omir.«3(.e we make loans without any «e-
•-urity whatever; we can refer you to any
bank or newspaper In this city; don't fall ta
calland see us and we will cheerfully ex-
plain to you our up to date method of doing
business; you meet no one at our -separate
and private offices. ILLINOIS THLST
•COMPANY recto 10, Pbeian building- rhone
Main 704. ' '
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~
: eOl-602-CO3 Examiner Building.
.Quick •'ttlemenU • no disappointments.
Baxe extent** by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgage*, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents, property In trust,
•tc: legacies, life estate* and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
S*e HERMAN MURPHY.
AN: salaried employe or wage «arner can eet
jutt tin his note;
Monthly. Semi-M. Weekly.
$50— Return to us. .$l3 35 *6 65 93 35
j:-;0— Return to us.. 800 400 200
t2O— Return to us.. 635 263 125
il6 — Return to us.. 400 200 100
Or any other cum, and pay back In proportion.
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO.. 600 Rialto bldg..
j. New Montgomery and Mission eta.
iIONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business In 40
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
LOANS to salaried people without lndorwr;
prompt attention and liberal terms. The
*»':*sT _o&n Co., 211 Crossley bullSlas.
. MONEY TO LOAN— Con tinged.
MONEY
ALWAYS ON HAND.
SUMS FROM $10 TO $300.
RATES NO HIGHER HERE.
TERMS A LITTLE EASIER AND
PAYMENTS MORE CONVENIENT.
A COUPLE HOURS' NOTICE WILL DO.
COURTEOUS TREATMENT ALWAYS.
SECURITY— A CLAIM ON YOUR FURNI-
TURE. PIANO. HORSE, VEHICLE OR
SALARY. ETC
NO PUBLICITY ABOUT IT.
NO BANK MORE RELIABLE.
PfIOOF— OUR LARGE BUSINESS.
EVERY REASON YOUR APPLICATION
EHOULD BE LEFT HERE WHEN YOU
NEED MONEY.
WE'RE READY AND WILLING.
ENTIRELY NEW PAYMENT PLAN.
HOUSEHOLD LOAN CO..
202-203 CALLAGHAN BLDQ.,
MARKET AND McALLISTER STS.
PHONE SOUTH 922.
, LOAN HEADQUARTERS.
WILL LOAN
1 -\u25a0 ; i reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full cartlculars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box ra. Call office.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.,
21 Stockton st.. near Market.
2d floor.
Loans made to salaried people without any
publicity or other Inconvenience on • their
notes. Loans on real estate in probate, life
Insurance policies, estates, second mort-
gagea. assignments of rents, etc. .
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment.
Call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewrlry. at 1
per o»~rt Interest. Baldwin's Jewelry Store.
t*7S Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market «t. and 27 Third st.
ANY amount, real estate or other security;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
CASH loaned salaried people on not*s without
lndorser. Federal Loan Co.. 609 Exam, bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st_
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; lowest
rates; no rommlsssion; confidential. 506-7
Donohoe b'dg., 8 Taylor st.. corner Market.
ALVA CO. loans money to salaried people
without security; good terms, easy payments:
also on other security. 607 Jas. Flood bldg.
1 PER cent on furulture or pianos: no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confldentiai. 26 Montgy et., room 21.
LOANS to SALARIED PEOPLE without secur-
ity; loans on Indorsed notes and other secur-
lty. S. F. DISCOUNT AGCY.. 125-7 Phelan.
SALARIED people without security; also on
furn.. estates In probate, life Ins. pollcies.ete.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious 6tones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
DON'T borrrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL leans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
McGARVIE Bt CO.. 720 Market et., loans money,
<"T> to SO per cent of valuation of property.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
PARTY haying bought fine standard make
upright piano on installments, and having
same half paid icr. Is unable to keep up
payments and will sell equity for a nominal
rum to any one wishing to continue to make
payments. Box 2727. Call.
A LADY having met with reverses and about
to lese her piano, which she bought on the
installment plan, and having Eame almost
\u25a0 paiJ for, will sell for a email sum to j>arty
taking up balance cf Installments. Box
2733. Call.
UPRIGHTS FROM $65 UP.
' Plyel, Emerson. Roenisch. Smith & Barnes.
Gabler, Curtaz. Sterling and many others, on
easy payments; open ev*nings.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A NEW piano for rent at $3 per mo.; others
at $2 arid $2 60', one year's rent allowed If
purchased. SCOTT-CTRTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
EAVE dealers' profits; buy direct from factory.
DEITEMEIER PIANOS. 839 Valencia st, be.
" twe^n- Nineteenth and Twentieth,
BARGAINS in pianos and mnsical merchan-
dise. Call afternoons and evenings at 3155
Miwlon st.
ALMOST given away; storage pianos and furnl-
ture. Whltehead's Storage, 1636 Market st.
A FISHER upright. $90. Call from Ba. m/to
9 p. m.. 554 Valencia Bt.
BARGAIN — Chickering upright grand; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 .McAllister.
PIANOS extraordinary, stock Easfn mfgr. sac-
rificed; terms to suit. Statham. 110 McAllister
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT uprights, new. 2d-hand. $40-$5OO.
PIERCES Piano Factory. Market and 14th.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
i ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Khoninger little used. Keeffe's, 255 O'Farrell.
MUSEUMS.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of
Anatomy moved to 1023 Market St.. near 6th.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MAJESTIC bldg™l26l Market sti^Nice mod^
era offices to let. $10 per month and up.
BROADWAY. 1255. nr. Hyde, in house 31 apts..
etore and living rooms, delicatessen, $15.
PERSONALS.
"REXRADIO" offers Y-O-U a list of 500 city
REFERENCES. You can call and S-E-E
the hopeless sick cured, and yourself get a
FKEE SAMPLE of the power. This Christ-
mas season you will be charged for "treat-
ments" ONLY ONE-HALF the usual mod-
erate fees. The BEDRIDDEN can be VIS-
ITED. Patients at a DISTANCE are treated
through the MAILS. Office hours 2 to
6. Offices CROWDED; come EARLY.
"R-E-A-D A-G-A-I-N" and SHOW your sick
FRIENDS LAST SUNDAY and MONDAY'S
I-M-P-O-R-T-A-N-T REPORT by Editor
Engieke. regarding many WONDERFULLY
sucessful treatments of alleged INCURABLE
•'disabling Inflammatory RHEUMATISM,
DROPSY. PARALYSIS NEURALGIA. LO-
COMOTOR ATAXIA, TOTAL DEAFNESS,
DIPSOMANIA, DEAFMUTISM, BRIGHTS
and HEART diseases, etc. ADDRESSES
of the grateful patients (also WITNESSES)
given you. Offices 609 Kearny st.
A FREE ill. 47-page book on piles and fistula,
containing much valuable Information .con-
cerning rectal diseases; sent free to any suf-
ferer Frank R. Weston, M. D., author, suite
501-2, Donohoe bldg., Mkt. & Taylor, S. F.
"FKOM Hog Train to Palace Car" tells you
hew to carve out a fortune with a soft new
load pencil; price two bits. J. INGLE, Hazel
Creek. Cal. « . - *-.'
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS", London
Tailor. 721 Market st. .. \u25a0 \u25a0>'\u25a0\u25a0;-.\u25a0•*
MME GILLINGHAM, dermatologist; wrinkles
absolutely removed without pain; contour re-
gtorcd. 020 Market st.: tel. Montgomery 1311.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per weeft.
NEUHAUS & CO.. the tailor. 729 Market st.
8 BRAND new tailor-made men's suits cost
125, for $9 75. 440 Bush., nr. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK; ruits to order $15 up. LEMOS,
1127 Market st.. bet. ' Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wlrb:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been oprned at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until ITU p. m. ..._.._
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RT : MOVED^DIt~w6NG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the- human body; for '
Dast four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
oted at 667 Geary Bt., nfar Lcavenworth.
W o\*Q WOO the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cored by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay «t.*;
PAINTING AND PAPERHANGING. , J
nnoMS DaDered.W 60' up; 75.000 rolls wallpa-
S.lc^Hartmann Paint C 0.." 319 Third.
REAL ESTATE— CITY—FOR SALB.
ABOUT $1000 cash,- bal. at $50 monthly, will
buy NB. cor. -with s. handsome, new 6-roorn
house; cars pass door. See Molse. 417 Market.
"i ttba(TIVE bargains in city real estate
A ™ tfBURR-PADDOW CO.. 40 Montgomery
st.. San Francisco.*- --
i'%oo CASH $30 monthly will buy^* brand new
cottage of 5 or 6 rooms on Second ave.^near
ScAUiEter it F. NELSON, owner & builder.
THE SAN CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26,; 1905.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE— CITY.
LYON & KOAG, 116 Montgomery st. . '
Send for our printed Hat of property for sale
in all sections of the city.
ELEGANT FLATS, WESTERN ADDITION.
$»500 — Two excellent fiats, 0 and 7 rooms and
bath; large reception hall; extra large key lot;
every room sunny and light; fine section;, near
Baker and Jackson.
GOOD PAYING INVESTMENT.
$45,000— Rents $4500; an elegant, roomy
apartment- house; 14 apartments, 4 .and 5
100 ms and bath; eteadlly rented; large lot,
SH2B square feet; large garden in rear; make
offer; near Flllmore st_ and Alamo square.
GOOD SOUTH OF MARKET BUY..
$5500— Rents $624; four bay-window flats;
3-4-4-5 rooms each; \fo flats have baths; con-
venient to town; fiats' never idle; near Folsoni
and 10th sts.; sure to be sold, so set busy.
NEW FLATS NEAR PARK.
J6760 — Two brand new flats. 5 and 8 rooms
and bath; rented $6CO : all the latest Improve-
ments: Mock from Fulton and Stanyan ets.
BEAUTIFUL NEW RESIDENCE. '
$7750— Brand new residence, lust completed;
contains 14 rooms; finished basement and at-
tic: one block from Fell and Cole sts.
FINE. CORNER IN MISSION.
$43,C00 — Good, substantial Improvements;
stores, flats and houses en Mission St., not. far
out; pays good interest. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
LYON & HOAG. 116 Mintgomtry . St.
A NEW BLOCK SUBDIVIDED
AT PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
GREAT BARGAINS.
GREAT BARGAINS/
Grand residence and Investment lots, front-
Ing on I St.. 4th. sth and Parnassus ayes. ;
only one block distant from Ellis st. (Park and
Ocean Hoe) on II st. and. the world's famous
Golden Gate Park; only one block from Affili-
ated Colleges and Masonic- aye. cars; close to
the site stlected by the city for the Polytechnic
High School, which will be erected at an out-
lay of $350,000; every lot Is on the. grade; all
the street work Is complete; gas, water pipe*
and' sewers are laid. •
Prices range from $1600 to $2000.
Terms, one-flfth cash, balance 1-2-3-4 years.
Bear In mind that all the street work Is done
and that this block adjoins the Western Addi-
tion, where land not nearly so well situated is
selling for twice the money. Go out there to-
day and select your lot, as they will surely
sell last. Don't make a mistake; buy . the
best. Agent on the ground Sunday.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION, BUILDERS.
ATTENTION, SPECULATORS.
Bee the lots we are-selling fronting on Mc-
Allister. Fulton, Wlllard, Parkside aye. and
Stanyan st. ; these lots face the world's fa-
mous Golden Gate Park and command grand
1 - views of the bay and Marin County moun-
tains; the streets are bituminized; side sew-
ers are laid to lots. .
Price— sl6so— sl6so.
One-fifth cash, balance one and two years.
Only ten lots left. Including three choice
corners; McAllister-st. cars pass property.
LYON &. HOAG, 110 Montgomery st.
$1050 TO $1250; $150 cash, balance $20 month-
ly; level lots on 14th and 15th" ayes. and H
6t. • within a few minutes of all the attrac-
tions of Golden Gate Park; this section Is
Improving rapidly: Ellls-st. cars pass prop-
erty.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
HANDSOME NEW HOMES.
Price only $5750.
Terms $1000 cash, balance $50
Monthly. \u25a0
Do you want an up-to-date home, one that
is extra well built and contains all the latest
conveniences? We have one for sale on Castro
St., near Duboce aye.: 2-story English base-
ment house; large sunny rooms ; handsome
vestibule, finished in mahogany and other
natural woods; a swell home at a low price;,
the neighborhood la excellent; thirty ex-
pensive henses have been erected in the
block during the past year.
Take Haight-st. cars to Scott St., walk t^ro
blocks south to Duboce aye.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
$30,000. $30,000. $30,000. $30,000. ,
BARGAIN! BARGAIN! BARGAIN! .
RESIDENCE ON PACIFIC AYE.
Situated in the same block with
the most beautiful and costly man-
sion in San Francisco.
THIS IS POSITIVELY THE BEST
BUY IN THE CITY TO-DAY.
NOTE PARTICULARS.
LOT:
61:4x127: 8 '\u25a0•i — terraced and drained.
IMPROVEMENTS:
Grandly constructed two-story
basement and attic, house; hard . .
finish. Built by 'present owner '
for solid comfort — expense was no
object. The finest woods and fix-
tures being imported especially; 11 .
rooms not counting large' and well- - - j
equipped billiard hall, wine cellars,
store rooms, servants' quarters,
• etc. Every piece of wood . for in-
terior decoration was - specially
selected and polished; beautiful In-
laid floors; everything of the very •
best.
VIEW:
From the windows of this house - .
Is to be had the most magnificent
of views — which nothing can ob-
street. Lyinsr before you is the
city, bay. Golden Gate.: Marin
County Hills and Pacific Ocean.
REMEMBER. THIS CAN NEVER
BE TAKEN FROM YOU.
SITUATION:
It Is situated In the very best
residence district of this city.. The .
houses on every and all sides are
occupied by the most prominent
people in San Francisco.
THIS PLACE MUST BE SEEN
TO BE FULLY APPRE-
CIATED.
FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS
AND PERMISSION TO SEE
THE PLACE APPLY TO /U': f;
BURR-PADDON CO..
Incorporated,
40 Montgomery st.
.Tel. Main 3794. '
SPECK & CO. (Member Real Estate . Boaid).
209 Montgomery St. .
Telephone Private Exchange 05,
$110,000 — Magnificent holding on 3d Et. ; a cor-
• ncr with 275 feet street frontage; nom-
inal Improvements; a judicious expen-
diture could make this one of the best
paying income properties in the city.
$100,000 — Superb Investment property; large
corner with 3 frontages; Post St., east
of Jones; finely improved and good In-
come; under lease; stores and hotel. >
$90,000 — Leavenworth St., near Eddy; 85-foot
lot; well Improved and double frontage;
rents $500 month; stores and lodging-
house.
$25,000 — Splendid 37:6 "foot corner on Union
St.; close In; fine improvements, stores
and flat?; rents $22C0.
$20,500 — Exceptionally fine buy In large In-
come paying fiats In choice location;
Western Addition; 42 feet lot and all
rented for $2340 year.
$18,000— Bargain on Ellis st.. east of Van Ness;
27 foot lot with two frontages: im-
proved with 14-room house in front and
email flats In rear; present rents low by.
reason of existing lease expiring in
May next, when property will yield $125
month.
$16,000 — Fine large corner; 12th \u25a0 St., on line
Ocean Shore Electric R. R. ; over 5000
\u25a0 square feet. . ..-,..'.
$14,000— Splendid buy on Brannan st., near
3d; 44 feet, with two frontages.
$0 500 — Bryant et.', near 6th: 3-story building,
27 foot lot; rented" for about $700;
worth more.
$7,500 — Two very desirable fiats; fine neigh-
borhood: Baker' St., near Washington;
lot 25 feet; rent $650." \u25a0>
SPECK & CO.,
£09 . Montgomery Bt.
SELLING ~~~ ""\u25a0
TO BEAT THE BAND.
• ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
$275 — Elegant level building :lots. close to
school; fine car service on Mission st. Scream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise ths-baby where the ozone Is not polluted
with dust and smoke, to say nothing of the
deadly microbe: no Interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS,
v . ONLY $10 A MONTH..
$400 for finely located lots .3 * blocks : south
of the park ; electric car • service ; unexcelled ;
enhancing in value with every , stroke ; of the '
clock; buy now; next \u25a0 week ; may »be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" Is not the only > man that ' ap- :
predates this beautiful section; no taxes.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY, -,
26 Montgomery, St., room 8.-: *... ;' \u25a0\u25a0';\u25a0\u25a0
$2000 CASH'wlll buy -brand new 1 first-class 7-
room residence on the east tide of 4th aye..
•between Clement and f California \u25a0 sts. ;r bal- :
ance <to suit - purchaser. ; HENRY BUR- '
ROWS, owner : and builder.'*--.. :. "\u25a0 ,:.'-"o. .".-"*;* ':\u25a0
ROTHERMEL & CO., 607 California St., have
some good -bargains -'in' city:- property; also
houses and lots \u25a0in . Berkeley, >\u25a0 Oakland '-\u25a0 and *
• Alameda. Call .- or. write for what you , want.
CHEAPEST, and best in America— The Weekly:
Call. -16 pages, sent sto > any i address "in: the
United States or Canada one year, for $1. -
" r ~~ REAL ESTATE WANTED, j >•/.:'
LAND : wanted for ; subdivision; i.will > buy out-
rleht or will Join owner In booming addition
or town site. MAXWELL, r. 1171 James
Flood bid*. : .
REAI. \u25a0 ESTATE~COUNTRY--For Sale.
YOUR OPPORTUNITY
TO SECURE A HOME. \u25a0
CHOICE 10-ACRE TRACTS
\u25a0IN SUTTER COUNTY.- \u25a0
' -V BEST ORCHARD LAND
, . IN CALIFORNIA
AT EXTREMELY REASOSJABLE , PRICES.
\u25a0: Address P. O. Box 51. Yuba City.', ;
. . 1 ___— ;\u25a0._\u25a0\u25a0 -. •
523,000— A' LARGE and old established, \ well
paying : hotel business " with a first-class
equipage In all of Its departments, occupying
26,400 square feet, 3 frontages, In center of a
busy country city In a great citrus belt, 85
miles north of San Francisco; owner maklng
a fortune out of this plant, wishes to retire
from a continuous- service of many, years;
cash down $14,000, balance $9000 on mort-
gage. Photographs and particulars to buyers
. only at 452 Eddy st.
LEASE sale or exchange for town property —
50 acres apple orchard ; 11)05 crop over 8000
boxes; Corralitos. near Watsonville. -Ad-
dress I. J. TRUMAN, Call building, from 12
,to 2 n. m. \u25a0 -;*.', '\u25a0'\u25a0 '•'\u25a0'\u25a0 '\u25a0*\u25a0-. \u25a0 . •\u25a0' / \u25a0•\u0084\u25a0*
FOR tha best list of country property, farms,
fruit and poultry ranches, stock ranches, al-
falfa and timber lands send , for catalogue.
ROTHERMEL & CO.. .507 California st.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, S. C. Co.. 1 mile distant,
70 acres Improved land, sub. 2*(4 acres up; Al
location, fruit, soil and water; beautiful
scenery. E. Si Toepfer, 871 Eddy;, no agents.
ALFALFA irrigated lands. $25 per acre; $1
dowr, ?1 month; no Interest. Pamphlets at
"INDEX. LAND B. CO.. 241 Crossley bid.
A STAMP brings our free catalogue of country
land. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery
et.. San Francisco. " -
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.
CO-OPERATIVE Land and Trust Co. are the
owners of large blocks of real estate In "The
Twin Cities," Palo Alto and Mayfl«ld, the
Stanford University towns: large lots,' $300
and up; cement walks: graded streets, etc.;.
small monthly payments; country property: •
. houses for rent. San Francisco office, 720
Market: phone Front 31. Salesmen wanted. \u25a0
PIEDMONT REAL ESTATE.
IF you want a fin« lot In the Alta Piedmont
Tract at a bargain see me at once.
A forced sale makes a low price. W. M.
BUTTERS. Real Estate, Loans and Insur-
ance.
46S Eleventh st.: Oakland. Phone Oakland 3432.
HALFMOON PAY REAL ESTATE.
FINE beach lot, 50x165; 2 frontages; cheap.
Address box 2746. Call office.
*---;,- - \u00841..,.^Y.^^' M -^-?lT-. : ! t-!^t -!^* :Pt ~~
WE will locate you on good Government land;
you are entitled to 320 acres of Government
land, 160 acres of agricultural land and also
160 acres of a timber claim. Call and see us
at GI4A Jones St. Tel. East 4733. PACIFIC
LOCATING. DEVELOPING AND COLONI-
ZATION COMPANY. ,-
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
12-ROOM, modern flat bulldingf rent $430 per
year; price $7000; also 0-room, modern res-
idence, price $10,000; also 40-room lodging-
house, mw furniture, good lease, low rent,
price $4500; all In city of Los Angeles; want
Oakland, \u25a0 S. F. or Berkeley property; would
; consider good HvCry business. THE ALDEN
CO., 468 10th St.. Oakland, or box 6228, Call.
$7000 IN clear lots in Oakland; will trade all
or part for nice residence and assume. THE
ALDEN CO.. 468 10th Bt., Oakland, or box
6229, Call office. \u25a0 \u25a0
$300 TO ?COO residence lots In Oakland and
Berkeley; want nice driving- horse and buggy.
THE ALDEN CO.. 403 10th st., Oakland, or
box 6230, Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — Good city and country real estate
BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery sU.S.F.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented; U. S. and foreign
patent laws. F. \u25a0 P. * MEDINA. • 532 Market st.
BERKELEY ADVERT?S>NTS
' nERKELEY REAL ESTATE.'
- SPECIAL.
A business orner on Adeline st., South
Berkeley. $52 front foot. .
JOHNSON- BULLARD REALTY CO.
3234 Adeline st. \u25a0 South Berkeley.-
OAKLAND ADVERT^U'TS
OFFICE. 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BELDEN' S BARGAINS.
$6000 — Superb residence site; lot 100x152,. on
crown of Blackstone Heights, one block from
Telegraph aye.; choice surroundings; grand
view; will subdivide.
$2650 — An extra choice lot In Adams -Point
Tract,_s3xlso; cheaper, than list price, as owner
can't utilize.
$1075 — Fine lot for home, or flats on Eighth
St.. near station; 37.6x1fi6.
$11507-Btautiful building site; 40x132, on
Vernon St., Vernon Heights; grand view; high
terrace.
$2250— G00d speculation; lot 50x129, on 22d
et., where new Key Route train is going, near
San Pablo aye.
$450 will buy 25x100 on Twenty-eighth st..
near San Pablo aye.
$1250— A lifetime chance: a northwest 35- ft.
corner lot; on crown of hill; Vernon Heights;
superb view; 1 block to cars; near Senator Per-
kins' mansion; 37:6 or 40 ft. at came iate;
grab it quick. BELDEN. Real Estate, 1112
Broadway, Oakland.
I MUST HAVE THE
. MONEY THIS WEEK.
YOU MIGHT AS WELL
\u25a0 BENEFIT BY MY NECESSITY.
I will sell, for considerably less than any
of the adjacent lots Can be bought for, one
of .
THE MOST DESIRABLE LOTS
IN THE ALTA PIEDMONT TRACT.
OWNER GOING EAST,
\u25a0 All street work," sidewalks, sewers.
Water, and gas mains complete; electric car
service; magnificent view. - \u25a0\u25a0*) \u25a0 .
- FACES TWO BROAD AVENUES. .
Restricted building values Insure elegant
home . surroundings. -.
You can- clear $300 on this DroDcrty.
IT IS .GOING AT A SACRIFICE and IT IS
7 A SNAP.
Make me an offer to-day. -';
W. vs. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st., r. 8.
H.Z. JONES,. 458 NINTH ST.
$300 cash,. $9 monthly ; .U acre land, with
new bridewell; fenced; cottage, 4 large rooms;
basement; concrete foundation;- city water;
price J1373.. • . . -, ..
$200 cash, $8 monthly: cottage, 5 rooms and
basement : lot . 75x100 ; city water; fenced ; fine
soil; barn, etc.;. price $1200; .\u25a0 adjoining East
Oakland. Sco H.Z. JONES, owner, 458 Ninth
st.. near Broadway. Oakland. ; . !
" '.-\u25a0 LOANS .. 7~~
From $100. Any
- Amount. , Any Fropo-
\u25a0"-*' ,'>. i'i sltlon on -Re a 1 ty.
DU RAY , SMITH. ;
426 Tenth st. .':.'.. . .Tel. . Oakland 4370.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniture.
. H. Schellhaae, 11th st., cor, store. Oakland.
San; Francisco Ad vert ? s'ent3
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH aye., \u25a0 643—3 large : unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping. Apply 642 Grove st. \u25a0- -. :
BRYANT, 44t— Two or three sunny front rooms
\u0084 niccjy furnished for housekeeping. ;, .
EDDY, 332— A1l kinds of, rooms; housekeeping
...or single ;' sunny. ; . • '\u25a0 ;v ; \u0084
FOURTH, ; 225— Nice housekeeping, also single
/ rooms.'. .' \u25a0\u25a0 ' v •'•*:*\u25a0\u25a0•**•\u25a0'\u25a0• \u25a0'--"-\u25a0'• -\u25a0'\u25a0** .-
QEART, - 1225— Finely furnished : large front
suites complete ; for housekeeping,- . baths • and
'\u25a0all conveniences; also other rooms at very
\u25a0}"\u25a0' reasonable 'rates.' \u25a0, - - *•- . .-/.-\u25a0
GEARY, 1275— Fine .sunny ifront suite- com-
,'-.--- plete : for . housekeeping ; " unexcelled | neighbor-
hood; private family; only $•'0 per month.' ; ,.;.',
HOWARD, 823 — Large sunny { fur. room; I light
hskpg.;; couple. « 2 or. 3 woik.jglrls; $3 50 wk.
HOWARD/ 1130%— Sunny I housekeeping rooms,
,'.; bath* and' stationary. washtuba.^ -. '\u25a0 - ••-->;.
JESSIE, i 323— Sunny '| room,* furnished,- bouse-*
M keeping,* gas range; sink; $2 75 and $3 week.
LARKIN, ; 1042— For -! rent, sunny unfurnished
rooms.%. .<\u25a0 .-- -
MARKET.-. tO27%— Nice 'front suite of house-
: keeping rooms -with gas; other, rooms;- light
-". : *?.;-*-•:•' \u25a0-".,*-\u25a0'-'*' •';'.'. :'\u25a0?.-\u25a0\u25a0 -.:-,-.
NINTH, 124-^-Large 'front <: bay,, window . suite
\u25a0-v for ; housekeeping ; » gas : stove ; Jgrate,;sl6.l^''/;J grate,; $16.1^''/ ;
OAK. A 117 ," or 14 * Page— Complete . for.; hoase- ;
keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults..;
POLK, r 601— One • front > room . for light house-^' ,
' /keeping; 'or suitable 'for^ two gentlemen.'.,
SIXTH/ 35)3— Nicely furnished sunny bay win-
dow rooms for, housekeeping; $10 and $12 per
, month. -.;:-;\u25a0,:\u25a0'\u25a0: * :.:\u25a0-." " ',
SIXTH, 436%— Nicely 'furnished single "or
double ; rooms complete for light \u25a0 housekeep-
; ing; nice quiet family ; rent very reasonable.
STEVENSON, 255 — Rooms ,to let cheap; $1 25
\u25a0 week; also housekeeping rooms. :
SUTTER, S7l— Nicely furnished rooms com-,
plete for housekeeping, either, single or al-
; cove suites;' sun all day. ' ;
SUTTER,' 2302— Elegantly furnished sunny
-\u0084 suites for housekeeping;, regular kitchen;
: phone; piano: reasonable. • '
TBHAMA, : 3—43 — 4 housekeeping rooms; builnesa
location: rent cheap. ' \u25a0'.'-.. • "'
THIRD. 354%— Nice sunny housekeeping
rooms to let at reasonable rates.
TENTH, 102 — Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms for. housekeeping; suites $12 per month.
Singic furnished room? $6 per month. -.. .
TURK, 802— Nice and convenient furnished
rooms complete for- housekeeping; gas range,
water, etc.: reasonable rent.
TURK, 816— Parlor floor, 4 rooms, furnished,
, for housekeeping; private.;
TURK 1159 — Nice front suite for light house-
keeping In new modern flat; also fine single
rooms at very reasonable rates; single rooms
' desirable for students who can haveboard
If desired: nice quiet family.
TWENTIETH. - 2609, * cor. Valencia — Nicely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; regular
. kitchen. .
VAN NESS aye., 712— Nicely furnished single
rooms at $6 per month; also other. rooms at
' reasonable rates."
VAN NESS aye.,' * 019— Nicely furnished eunny
room* complete for housekeeping from $7 up
per month.
VALENCIA, 223— Large front bay window al-
cove, sunny, neatly furnished, large kitchen
complete for housekeeping; gas range; phone;
very reasonable: adults.
_ APARTMENT^HOUSES. n^^'
NEW 4-story corner apartment-house; sunny
\u25a0 side; open for inspection and reservation; all
suites have modern kitchens; electric lights,
etc. Apply 231 Oth St.. opp.; tel. Howard 2670.
A— KENILWORTH. cor. Bush. Powell— 3-room
' sunny a parts. ; single rooms; modern; reas.
ROSSWELL Apartments. 1360 Pine, near Hyde
— 2. 3 and 4 .rooms, with bath: steam heat.
RANDALL Apartments.' 120 Pierce st. — * un-
furnlahed rooms: exceptional; only 2 left.
ROOMS TO LET — Fm*n. and Unfnrn.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN.
•;i;u Corner Ellis and Leavenworth sts.,
In the heart of the city. .
300 rooms; 100 baths.
Modern in every detail.
Rates $3 to $15 per week.
Rooms, with. Drivate bath, $1 day.
Tourist travel solicited. \u25a0
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st.— Rooms
25a to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week und
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASH - aye.. 22, near - Polk — Pleasant, sunny
room; quiet, private family; $7; central.
BELMOND House, ever Owl Drugstore; 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights, running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night, $1 23 to $4 week.
BURTON Hotel, 1126 Howard St.— loo rooms;
new house; modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
BUSH, 11)40 — Nicely furnished rooms suitable
. for two or three gentlemen; sunny and
pleasant; reasonable.
BROADWAY. 034— Large sunny furnished room
with grate to let.
CALIFORNIA. 1424— Sunny front furnished
rooms to let; all new.
DEVISADERO, ISl4— Nicely furnished sunny
rms.; up-to-date flat; private family; reaa.
ELLIS. S — Sunny furnished rooms; reasonble.
EDDY. S78 — A modern flat; newly furnished; 2
or 3 room suite; single rooms; beautiful house-
keeping, rooms; plenty of light and sunshine.
ELEVENTH, 136 — Unfurnished rooms for light
housekeeping totiman and; wife.
FULTON, 231— Single rooms; all lmprove-
.;»if-nts; gentlemen; walking distance Market.
GALT HOUSE. 1206 Market St.— Choice rooms
by day,- week or month; central location.
GEARY, 370-r-Rooms to let; single, double and
en suite; rents reaspnable.
HAIGHT, 892— Nice eunny rooms; single or
ell suite.
HARRIET. 35. off Sixth— Light room; 1 gentle-
< man: $6 a month.
MASON, 406 — Sunny front room; suitable for
two, $12; also small room; $6 month.
HICKORY aye., 251— Completely furnished
rcoms to let.
HOTEL Ham lltcn and cafe, 125 Ellis, bet.
Powell & Mason sts., S. F. — Rms $1 to $3 per
day; steam heat & telephone In each room.
JONES, 1316 — Two fine sunny unfurnished
. rooms; reasonable.
KEARNY, 323 — 3 rooms ,or first floor, fur-
nished or unfurnished; suitable for business.
LARKIN, 819%— Sunny front room, suitable
for lady or gentleman, $8 per month.
LEXINGTON aye., 135. bet. ISth and 19th—
Nicely furnished room In Mission warm belt;
-. rent very reasonable; quiet family.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third St.— loo
single and' family : rooms, 30c to $1 50 per
day; $2 to $S week; the only new and modern
hotel '. and rooming-house In San Francisco
. that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric lights.. call bells, steam heat
in every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator fiay and night to Its euests.
MISSION. 823— Sunny furnished room.
POLK. ; 622 — Three unfurnished or . . furnished
rooms. \
RIO VISTA HOTEL, 253 Third St.. near How-
ard—New house with modern conveniences;
rooms en suite and single; rates by day, 350
up; by. week, ' $2 'up; baths free to euests.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 4oo
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read-room; free bus, baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Cth' and Howard — No better
transient house in city; rooms 15c to 50c
per nlKht: 90c to $3 per week. . \u25a0
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable, 700 rooms,
35c to $1 I>o nightly, $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A LARGE handsomely, furnished sunny front
room ; bay window, hot water and connecting
\u25a0 room ; ' suitable for two ' or . four, with excel-
lent board :In private family: * near park;
reasonable. Phone Page 3356. Box 4540, Call.
VAN NESS aye., SOO, cor. Eddy (The Alta
Vista) — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms
with excellent table board;' reasonable rates.
THE old Stevenson mansion at 807 California
'.. -st.'-* has' flne' and rooms;: best of
table board at lowest rates in city; fine bll-
llard-roonv for-iuse of guests. \
EDDY. I 530 (Hotel Garland)— Newly furnished
-. suites; modern and up-to-date; "single rooms
':. and private baths; excellent table boarO;
; .reasonable rates. \u25a0 . \u25a0.•-.
ELLIS.' 3 204-^Newly. furnished bright andeun-
.ny rooms with, board, 'for married couples cr
r single gentlemen; -good home cooking; free
..'phone and'- bath; Invited.
ELLIS, ' 1265— Large '\u25a0, finely furnished . rooms,
with or without board; all-conveniences; flao
locality; good car service;, homelike; rates
i\u25a0- low.- . ..'"
BUSH, "1305, near .Larkin — Newly, furnished
; front room; excellent table board; home com-
" forts. ..-> -.'--\u25a0•••-.' --'\u25a0•*\u25a0 '-.?-- -v'- J - \u25a0'\u25a0'-\u25a0':.- '-'\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0
CALIFORNIA,", 1350— Nicely, furnished rooms
and board In good Spanish "family; American
].and. Spanish,' cooking preferences. y
HYDE, • 612 A —Newl y., furnished ..rooms In \u25a0 nice,"
•:\u25a0- quiet family; " good '-\u25a0 table board with home
cooking; single $22 50 per month; for two $'5.
EDDY .722— -Nicely ; furnished rooms \u25a0 , with all
comforts: of homei'convenient; German cook-
\u25a0 Ing; reasonable rates. ;.-•-.. y.. 71 \u25a0 -.* : . - :..'
FOURTEENTH,'.: 824— Pleasant rooms and
.board,, with: bath; suitable for 2 or 4 young
; : men ; . ready. Monday. - "".•-' V . •• ; \u25a0
LI BERTY," 30— Fine" furnished ' double i and sin-
gle rooms;; hot and cold, water; -baths and all
:, conveniences ;f excellent i table, board. .
McALLISTER, 612— Sunny rooms; home cook-
Ing; phones one, $22 60;itwo,$40, i s«.:table
,J:*.board. V"..'" '\u25a0'\u25a0:\u25a0' - ' -,-'\u25a0\u25a0< \u25a0'•V- r --\u25a0'\u25a0'-'- '.'-\u25a0 *-.;
BUSH, ! 1738 — 2 sunny, furnished rooms, en suite
v" or ' single ; jf private : :' German ; •; board j optional.
GEARY; ' 640 - (Malson ":. Tence) — Fine ** front
;-. suites; "splendid .: French -. tabled board; . reas.
GOOD s board 1 and \u25a0 room; '\u25a0 3 meals - $20 \u25a0 month.
y. \u25a0 No.* T 1 ; Martha' place..- oft : Geary, at.;. ; .;-\u25a0' -
LAGUNA."; 1301," c0r.-. ElUs-"-Sunny ' rooms, with
,- board ; best home cooking; private; reaa.;ref..
- ROOMS ANO BOARD— Contlaqcfl.
SEVENTH 252— Newly . furn. rooms: sun all
day; with or without board; first class; new
. home. • — : \u25a0> .*- - \u0084\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0
GEARY, 640 (Malson Tence)— Fine furnished
V suites or single: best French table board.
VAN: NESS aye., 603 (Hotel McAllister)— Ele-
gant furnished suites; private batha; Tina
; table board; good location. '
LEAVENWORTH. 1235, apartment 12S9— Sun-
ny room; board for 2 gents: home comforts.
O'FARRELL, 1770— Rooms and board; private
Jewish family.
PINE. 7S7— Sunny rooms; good home cooking;
$22 60 up.
ROOMS WANTED.
ROOM In private family; no other roomera;
state terma; references. Box 4808, Call.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture.
\u25a0• household good 3 stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Flllmore: tel. West 823.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING * MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
Uc office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3. $5. $3; slightly
used, $10, $15, $20. You know .where dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES. _
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external. Internal or protruding piles
without fail, no matter of bow long standing;
also fistula. 1656 Devlsadero st.. near Sutter.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
A TYPEWRITER Is the best holiday gift, es-
pecially for the boy or girl; partly used $100
machines of all makes from $20; fully guar-
anteed; rentals from $2 80 month. W.
SCOTT. 2C7 Montgomery st.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower price*; rentals. $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California at.
FOR sale— Very cheap, a Fisher billing and
bookwrttlng typewriter. MUNICIPAL LOAN
OFFICE. 907 Market St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice, California Safe Deposit and
Trust Co., corner California and Montgomery
sU. For ths six months ending December
31, 1905, dividends have been declared on the
deposits In the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of - 3 C-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3% per
cent Der annum, free of taxes, and Dayable
on and after Tuesday, January 2. I'JutJ. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager. * \u25a0
DIVIDEND Notice — Italian- American Bank.
4GO Montgomery st.. corner Sacramento and
Montgomery sts. For me half year ending
December 31, 1905. . a dividend has been de-
clared on all savings deposits at the rate of
3 60-100 per cent per annum, free of taxes.
payable on and after Tuesday. January 2.
1906. Dividends not called for are added to
and bear the came rate of interest as - the
principal. A. E. SBARBORO. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice. Mechanics' Savings Bank,
143 Montgomery St., corner. Bush — For the
half year ending December 31. 1905, a divi-
dend has been declared on all savings de-
posits, free of taxes, at the rate of three and
one-half (3%) per cent per annum, payable
on and after Tuesday, January 2. 1906. Divi-
dends not called for are added to and bear
the same rate of Interest as principal. Inter-
est paid from date of deposit.
JNO. U. CALKINS, Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — Mutual Savings Bank
of San Francisco, 710 Market nt. — For the
half-year ending December 31. 1905, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
.and one-half (3%) per cent per annum on
' atl deposits, compounding semi-annually,
free of taxes, and payable on and after
Tuesday. January 2, 1906.
\u25a0 - . \u25a0 GEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice, San Francisco Savings
Union. 532 California st.. cor. Webb — For the
half year ending with Dec. 31, 1905. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rates per an-
num of. three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent
' on term deposits and three and one-third
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, Jan.
2. 1900 LOVELL WHITE, cashier.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of 301 California St.. San Francisco, has
declared a dividend for the six months ending
December 31. 1905. of 5 per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits. 6 aer cent on term de-
posits and 6 per cent on class "F" stock,
payabla on and after January 6. 1906.
WASHINGTON DODGE. President.
WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK. 315 Montgomery
et.: for the half year ending Dec. 31, 1005.
a dividend has been declared at the rate of
three and one-half (3%) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on or after January 2. 1906. LEON BOC-
QUERAZ. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice, German Savings and Loan
Society. 628 Cajlfornia st.— For the half year
ending Dec. 31. 1305, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and six-tentbs
> (3 6-10) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday,
Jan. 2. 190 ft OEOROE TOTTRNY. Secretary
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING^
NORCROSS Institute* cures stammering: new,
scientific, complete. Office. Market & Taylor.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Engraved wedding invitations, visiting: & busi-
ness cards, crests, etc.; high-class work; mod-
erate rates. J. H. Duncan, 128 Kearny. rs. 1-2.
LIRTHS— MARRIAGES— LEAIBS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with- the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event Are published once in thla column
free -of charge.
HORN.
LEVY— In this city! December 24, 1903. to the
w'fe of M. H. Levy/ a son.
DIED.
Adams, Laura E. K. O'Connor, Catherine, 7o
Andresen, Crystal, 12 Paradiso, Jennie, 32
' Calhoun, Geo. \u25a0: S., 35 Paravagna.CaterJna.Si
Charlock, Wm. H.. "(1 Paz, Prudence. 77
Flanagan, Sarah R.,33 Quinn; James C. 3
Geraghty. Catherlne.2o Relnert, Elizabeth. 89-
Harding. T. A., 33 Schmltz. Ixnatz. 57
Hetzel. John F.. 3 Sidwell.' Paul A.. 23 .
Honeng. Mary M., 1 Smith. Nick C.
~ Hunter. Sadie A.. 3t> Sullivan. Cornelius. 20
Johnson. Mabel, 22 Van Dyke, Walter. 82
Jonas. Fannie E. ' Wagner. Henry, 46
• Kohler, Charles. 75 Webb, Minnie, 17
Lanthier. Mabel Wickson. G. G., 5r.,84
Miller. Benlta C. 39 Wilson. William, 73
Moore, Ellen Mills Wilson (Infant), 7 ra.
Neely Hugh, 1 73 Wlttenburg, Adolph,7o
Nicholson, Wm. H.,34
APAMS— In this city, December 21, 19C3,
Laura E. X Adams, beloved mother of Mrs
M. B. KeIIOEK. and Edward Mills Adams.
tCTFriends , are invited to attend the
funeral services Tuesday. December 2tt. at 2
o'clock p- m., at 2124 Pacific avenue. Inter-
' ment private.: .
ANDRESEN— In Oakland, Cal., December 24,
1005. Crystal, beloved son of Christian An-
dresen. and beloved- brother of Mrs. Emily
Ashcroft and Bertha, Ruby. Lester and Cyril
Andresen. . a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
aged 12 years and .5 months.
' (C3r Friends and acquaintances areresitct-
fully 'invited to attend, the funeral -Wednes-
day morning. December. 27, at 11. o'clock, at
the'narlors of the Albert Brown Company,
"672 .Thirteenth street. Oakland.^ Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by funeral- car
;\u25a0\u25a0'. from Market-street ferry.
CALHOUN— In Oakland. ; Cal..' : December 23.
•1905, George S. Calhoun. beloved hu.'band of
* Matilda Calhoun,' and brother of Mrs. J. M.
* E. * Atkinson : and Isaac and Rufus ' Calhoun.
a native of, Port Townsend. ; Wash., aged 35
years 11 months and' ls days, a member of
Port . Townsend * Lodge, fB. P. O. ;B. \u25a0 \u25a0 (Port
Townsend. Seattle and Honolulu papers please
/copy.) \ •- ; *,
\u25a0 . \u25a0 .fCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invltcil to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday).' December 26, at ' 2 o'clock
D. m., \u25a0 at Elks' Hall. 416 Fourteenth
'\u25a0 street.. Oakland, under the auspices of Oak-
' TELEPHONE MAIN 43.
N. GRAY &CQ., Inc.
\u0084 ; FUNERAL DIRECTORS. .
Cyrus >S. -Wright, "president ;"'. Geo. H. Clark,
viee \u25a0 president: "Al. P.-:- Booth, treasurer; Harold
L. Wright, ; secretary. _ - :\> .
:>:;^6l2-CI4;VAN i NESS AVENUE/
Between ; Golden Gate "avenue and . Turk street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
land Lodge No. 171. B. P. O.E. Interment
strictly private.
CHARLOCK— In East Oakland. Cal.. Decem-
ber 23. 1905. at 1120 East Twenty-fire*
street. William Henry, beloved husband of
Mary L. Charlock, and father of Mrs. P. W.
Craic. Mrs. W. Burton Brown. WUliam H.
Charlock Jr., Clifford Charlock of Honolulu.
Nat B. Charlock and the late Mrs. John
Rush, a native of New York, aged 76 years
9 months and 8 days.
fnyFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral service*
Wednesday, December 27. at 1:30 o'cloclc
p. m.. at the Twenty-third Avenue B*pt!at
Church, corner of Twenty-third avenue and .
Ease Seventeenth street. East Oakland.
FLANAGAN— In thl3 city. December 23. 1905.
Sarah R.. beloved wife of John J. Flana-
gan, and mother of Frances G. Flanagan, a
native of Ballyshannon, County Donegal.
Ireland, aged 33 years 9 months and 21 days.
C7Frienda and acquaintances areiesce-u-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:15 a. m., from her late*
residence. 1110 Scott street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high maaa -
will be celebrated for tha repoae of her soul
at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
GERAGHTY— In this city. December 25. 19C3.
Catherine. • dearly beloved daughter of
Michael and Catherine Geraghty. and lovins
sister of Michael and William Geraghty and
the late John Geraghty and Mrs. Mary M.
Wilson, a native of Waltham, Maaa, aged
29 years and 2 months.
C" Friends and acquaintances areresrtct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
(Wednesday), at 3^o a. m.. from her late
restdence. 310 Langton street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mas 9
will be celebrated for the repose of hor soul,
commencing at it a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
HARDING— In the City and County Hosoltal.
December 23, 1905, T. A Harding, aged 35
years.
HETZEL— In this city. December Ti. 1003.
at the residence of his parents, 1203 Market
street, corner of Eighth, John Forest Hetiel,
dearly beloved son of David C. and Katio
Hetzel. and beloved brother of Katie Hetz-1.
a native of Guernevllle. Cal.. uged .'{ yvorst
4 months and 14 days.
HOFLENG— In Haywarda, December 24. 1903.
Mary Miles Hofleng. beloved daughter oC
Frank and Nellie Hofleng. a native of Hay-
wards, Cal., aged 1 year 7 months and S
days.
iu>" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully in\lted to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. December 26. at 11 o'clock a. m..»
at * Hay wards. Interment Mountain View
- Cemetery. Oakland.
HUNTER— In this city, December 23. 1903,
Sadie A., beloved wlfa of William H. Hunter,
and mother of Ruby. Pearl. Diamond, Gar-
net, Onyx, Emerald, Hector, Sadie. Wlllia
and Jewell Hunter, a native of Cleveland.
Ohio, aged 36 years 11 months and 5 days.
C7*Rematns at the funeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission street, between,
Twenty-second and Twenty-third (Mission
Masonic Temole). - - -
JOHNSON— In this city. December 24. 1903.
Mabel Johnson, beloved daughter of Jin.
Eir.il Langhous and the Ute James Elmer
Johnson, and sister of Mrs. F. H. Garland
of Vallejo, Cat.; J. H. Johnson of Lee An-
geles and J. E. Johnson of Marshfleld, Ore.,
aged 22 years 8 months and 13 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances .tra resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), December 27, at 10:30 a. m..
from the mortuary chapel of the Golden
Gate Undertaking: Company, 2473 Mission
ctreet. near Twenty-first. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland.
JONAS — In this city. December 24, IDOS, Fan-
nie E. Jonas, beloved mother of >I. Q. Jor.aa.
and sister of Mrs. Tailmadse Delafle'l of
Tacoma and Aaron Blrdsall of this city.
C^?*Frien("d and acquaintances are resyvct-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral services
at tO o'clock a. m. to-day iTutidayt, at Me-
morial Hall. Odd Fellows' buildi-.ig. Inter-
ment New Salem Cemetery, by train.
Officers and members of California Re-
bekah Lodge No. 1 and Veteran Rebekah
Association. I. O. O. F.. are requested to at-,
tend the funeral of our late sister. Fannie K.
Jonas, from I. O. O. F. Hall. Seventh and
Market streets. Tuesday, at 10 a. m.
EMMA HYiIAN. N. G.
JENNIE LTSER, Rec. Sec.
KOHLER — In Oakland, Cal., December 21,
1903. Charles Kohler, husband of the late
Ge'nevieve Kohler. and beloved father of Jus-
tlna R. and May T. Kohler. a native of
German y. aged 15 years il months and ll»
days. - -
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tii funera: servlct-s
to-day (Tuesday). December 2«. at 2 o'clock
p. m.. at hla late home. 14(52 Seventh street.
Oakland. Interment ' private.
LANTHIEK — In San Jose, Cal.. December 23.
1903, Mabel Lanthier. beloved wife of Louis
L. Lanthier, daughter of Mrs. M Whittea
and the late W. S. Whltten, and' sister of
Mrs.' Jennie Berlin. Mrs. Ida H. Jorsenstta
and Mrs. Laura M. Grady, a native of Saa
Francisco. Cal.
MILLER— In this city. December 23. 1905. Be-
nlta. C. beloved wife of H. H. Miller, a
native of California, aged 3H years 2 months
and 14 days.
MOORE— In this city. December 25. 1903. El-
len Mills Moore, dearly beloved wlf* of the
late James Moore, and loving mother of
Mrs. Nellie Bennett. Mrs. Annie Kraeft.
Mrs. Maggie ilcEvoy. Mrs. ICatie Murray,
and -the late Henry Moore, and devoted
grandmother of Thomas J. Stone, a native of
Lonstord. Ireland, v
NEELY— ln. thla city. December 24. lOCS. Hush
Neely, beloved husband of Ellen Ntely. an 1
lather of John J. Neely and Mrs. iL J.
Stephens, a native of Donegal, Ireland, aged
73 years.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service
to-day (Tuesday), December 2C at 9 o'clock'
a. m.. from his late residence. ISO 3 Stock-
ton street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrattU-
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9:30 a. m.. thence to Holy Cross Cemetery.
Interment private. No flowers.
NICHOLSON— In the City and County Hos-
pital, December 25. 19t5. William H. Nichol-
son, a native of Ireland, aged 34 years.
O'CONNOR— In thla city. December 23, 1903.
Catherine O'Connor, beloved sister of Mrs.
Abble Moynlhan, Mrst. Ellen Kendrlck and
Mlsa Hannah O'Connor, a native of County
Kerry. Ireland, aged 70 years.
ZZ? Friend* and acquaintances we rcsDect-
fuliy Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at »:3i> o'clock a. m., from her
late residence. 737 Van Ness avenue, taenca'
to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem
maaa will be celebrated for the reooso of
her soul at. 9 o'clock a. m. . Interment Holy
Croas Cemetery.
PARADISO— In this city. December 23. 1003.
Jennie Paradiso, beloved wife of John Para-
diso. mother of Louis Paradiso. and al9ter of
James H. and Charles Stoddard, Mrs. Fannie
liereer and 'Alma Stoddard, a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years. (Milwaukee and
Pasadena papers Dlease copy.)
ffyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, December 2U. at 1 o'clock p. m.,
at the parlors \u25a0of J. S. Godeau, 303 Mont-
gomery avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
PARAVAGNA— In this city, December 23.
1905, Caterlna Paravaxna. beloved wife of
the late Luigi Paravagna, and loving mother
of Adaltde Grondona. Josephine Pardlnt and
the late Dominick and Nicholas Paravasna.
a native of Italy, aged 84 years.
PAZ— In San Mateo. Cal., December 23. 19OS.
Prudence Pax, beloved mother of Mrs. C. A.
Wainwrlght and Angelo l'az. a native of
Peru, aged 77 years.
QUINN — In this city. December 25, 1900.
Jan-.es Columb. beloved son of James and
Margaret Quinn, and brother of John J..
Francis A. and Mary Qulnn, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years 11 months and
23 dayst *.
C7Tbe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 a. m.. from tha resldenc»
of hi 3 parents, 17 Hattle \ street, oft Etihl-
eenth. Interment Drtvate. Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
REINERT— Jn ,thls city. December 24, 1005. "
Elizabeth * Relnert, beloved mother of Mrs.
Catherine Wyman. Mrs. A. P. Wagner, Mrs.
Louisa Kilhmeyer. Mrs. A. D. Allen .and
Mrs. John J. Allen, a native of Germany.
ased S9 years.
\u0084- (CT Friends and acquaintances ire respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). December 27. at 10 a. m.,
from the mortuary chapel of th« Golden Gat*
Undei taking Company. 2473 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .
SCHMITZ— In this city. December 23. 1905. at
his residence. 2272 Howard street. Isnatz.
beloved husband of Anna L. Schmltz. and
father of Regtna I. Schmltz and the late
Ferdinand I. and E. Russell Schmitz, a na-
tive of Germany. • aged 57 . yearsi
CTlnterment private.
SIDWELL— In this city. December 25. ~1005.
Paul Andrew, beloved son of Mahlon and
Catherine Sidwell. and brother of Jennie.
Effle and Webster Pldwell. Mr*. Arthur Dex-
ter and Mr*. Fred McCoy, a native of Min-
nesota, aged 23 years and 8 months. (Min-
neapolis papers please cony.)
SMITH— In 'Los Anreles, CM.. December 24.
WOODLAWN % CEMETERY,
... San - Mateo County.
MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
6SS James Flood Building. S. F.
iMcAvby, O'Haf a SL Co.
1" FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
B«noved to Their New Parlors. ,--
161-« l HirßS Sf,* tpj. ft 1 ?. i6SAtIU3CHtntCH
Lady Assistants. Telephone Sooth 247., ,
1112
IPOS, N'ifk C. Smith, beloved «on ofiliry
c and A. P. Str.tth. husband of Amanda
Brotth, father of JClek G. Smith, and brother
or John, France. Stella. Lilli*. Anthony and
Eva HmfUi and atrf, J. U. Bradnwet.
tyNoticc of *«Sn«nral h^reaJtcr. Remains
to arrive in this city probably to-Azy.
SI'LLIVAN— In th!« oily, D*rernb*r 2*. 19C5.
Cornelius, d^erly beloved «jn of Patrick and
Mary Sullivan, and brother of Marcaret,
J>anW and Alen*- Sullivan, a native of San
Kmncisco, aei»d %0 yfars 1 month and lt
da y«.
K7"Fri ends and aoiuaintanc*K areieroect-
f:illy Invited to attend the funeral to-rm-iiov
i Wednesday). a.t 8:30 a. m., from the r.-'si-
«i»>nce of his parent*, 34 Alvarado *trept.
off Guerrero, between Twenty -second and
Twenty-third, thence to St. Jnrue» Clmivll,
wher* a requiem high mam will Ik O-lvbravd
for the repose of his noul, coramrncin; nt V
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy dro« «.'stoe-
ter,-.
\u25a0VAN DYKE— In Oakland. Cp.l.. December 2j.
1905. Walter Van Dyke, a r.ative of New
York, aged 82 years 2 months and 23 days.
WAGNEH— In this city. December 24. 1905,
Henry Wagner, a native of Germany, aged
4<i year*.
E7"TU« funeral will take jjlace to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 a. m., from the rariors
of McFadden. Mcßrearty *\u25a0 Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment Cypress L*wn Cemetery, by 11:30
a. m. train from Third and Townsend street*.
WEBB— In this <-!ty, December 24, J©o«\
Minnie, beloved daujhtfr of William Webb
and tho late Grace \\ cbt>. and niece of Mrs.
rsJmer, John Still. Samuel Still, Richard
Webb, Samuel Webh and Minnie Gurnee, a
native of San tYancisco. aged 17 year* 2
months and 24 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
at 11 *.. m.. from the residence of her au&t,
2296 Howard street. . Interment Cypreaw
Lawn Ceir.etery. by electric funerai car from
corner Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
11:30 a. m.
WICKSON— In Berkeley. Cal., December 25,
tIS»OS. Georce G. Wlckson Br, father of E.
J. and G. G. Wickson and Fannie A. AII-
wcrth, aged 84 years and 10 months.
CSTf'wnrral eervic-os Wednesday, December
27. at his late reridenoo, 2723 Bancroft way,
Berkeley. Interment private.
WILSON — In Clayton, Contra Costa County.
I Cal.. December '23, 1905, William Wilson,
husband of Sarah Wilson, and father of Isa-
bella and William Wiison, a native of Ire-
land, seed 75 veers.
£s"The funeral will take place Tuesday,
December 26. from the family residence at
Clayton at lla. m.. thence to Oakland Cre-
matory, where cremation will take place,
leaving Martinez by the 3:15 train.
WILSON— In thif. city. December 25. 1005, in-
fiiit son of Frank N. and Belle Wilson, and
> brother of Grace- 8., Jessie F., Frankie J.
ai '. Bcllmer Wilson, a native of San Fran-
cisvo, a^ed 7 months and 19 days.
WITTRNISCRG— Ia Oakland. CaJ., December
•22. lt»C5, Adol:ih "VVittt-nburg, brother-in-law
of Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Oellrich. Mr. ar>d
Mrt=. J. H. Wilshuse.ii and Mr. and Mrs.
William Smith, a native of Hambunr, Ger-
lTicr.y. attd 70 years. A member of Bremer-
Bvoro> Vercin and Washington Lodge, A. O.
L\ W.
CT^Friends and acquaintances are resDet.-t-
fuilj- irv!tcd to attend t.ie funeral serv'.«v:»
»:>-<3ay «Tuesday), December 26, at 1 Saratoga
Hall, ot 1 o'clock p. m. Car will leave
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock
p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
San Mateo. Cal.
GHAS. H. J. TRUMAN & GO.
The Leadinz
FUNERAL DIRECTORS
Of Hiri Frtnclsco.
1939 MISSION STREET
Bet. 15th and ICth. Telephone Mission 109
A WOBI.U WONDER THAT
ECXIPJSES OUR NIAGARA
The Victoria Cataract on Zarabrst
River la like No Other Falls
on Earth.
The Zambesi Valley for a hundred
miles or more in every direction from the
eatfaraet, Is a rough and broken plateau,
covered with low bru«h and stunted
trees, with here and there an outcrop
of somber basaltic rock, all thoroughly
uninteresting. The herbage is but faintly
green, and the tropical sky only faintly
blue. It is a hazy, half tone landscape,
wanting in clear-cut lines in every direc
tion, and lacking above everything else
that element we unconsciously seek in
a nature picture— life. The absence of
this produces in the mind a feeling of
' loneliness and otten of fear. Across this
solemn scene appears a river thai In flood
time ii perhaps half a mile wide. If a
d<-a! man were following down one of its
banks he v ould notice little but the quiet
water and the odd looking column of
smoke ahead. As this column was ap
proached he would expect to see the river
bank bending and the water flowing away
•to one side of th«r conflagration, and
might glance to the right and left to note
the diieoiion taken. But the panorama
changes as he gazes. The river is no
mure. And there, where it should be.
Is only the brown plain, as lonely, brush
J covered cn^ monotonous as ever. One
must po twenty miles further before the
vanished water and the surface of the
la ml :i2a in fymmingle. before It will be
.possible to walk along the bank In com
pany with the river. So sudden and
siartling i« the transformation.
Meanwhile the pillar of smoke has re
solved itself into a dense rrlst forced up
ward in terrin'c puffs from a yawning
Bash stretched dirdectly across the bed
of th*» river. This fearful abyss is every
Focond swallowing thousands of tons of
j?rcen-and-white water and belching up
blasts of mist that rise hundreds of feet
into the air and hurry away with the
winds as if rcjo!c:ng at their escape from
tho inforno below. And somewhere, near
ly four hundred feet below, the entrapped
rivr !s lighting its way between sheer
wnHs of black rock toward a narrow
•cleft. Jn the eastern wall, whence it es
capes, foaming and boiling, through the
zigzags and curves of a <3eep gorge lead
ing oft" to the eastward. One goes to an
edsc of this delivery chasm and looks
down upon the tossing waters, ever
pres-s«d from behind by other floods
snuggling out of the narrow black gate
way, and perhaps the most prominent
mental sensation is that of thankfulness
ihat even in such a grim and ghastly
way nature has provided a means by
WrhJcb the fearful slit of a throat above
that has swallowed the stream can dis
frorsr- H again without causing an over
whelming catastrophe.
The Victoria cataract should be visited
*al icaM twice before one is competent to
pass an opinion upon it. When the river
Is in fiood (July) the scene Is simply ter
rible. One scop nothing but an enormous
sheet of water disappearing into the
bowels of the earth, with a noise as of
mountains falling upon one another,
while from the awful gash comes back
in li.-cc gusts and swirls the foaming
Vrenth of the tortured element below.
But in December, when the water is low,
the ciipe of the cataract shows as a long,
creamy Jilm of lovely laic; the rising mist
flows softly ?way through the little rain
forest below the caverns lip; the gigan
tic vault itself becomes 3 wonderful spec
tacle, a droair. of neutral tints, a cave
of bcauiy. Tnr down in its dark depths
the waters, sliding along the rocky walls,
and bonding gracefully around the cor
ners toward the narrow outlet, pass gayly
and laughingly to freedom. For a time
the demon of U •>, cataract is sleeping.—
The Ontury.
Appendlr?:!* and Grape*.
At tills season millions of Americans
eat gr:iT>".<, seeds and pulp together,
with little thought of appendicitis or
any other danger. Thousands use them
with care to reject the seeds for fear
they may make trouble for the curious
and apparently useless, vermiform ap
pendix. An unknown but surely large
; number deny themselves the whole
some and pleasant fruit of the^- vine
because they have a more or less defi
nite Idea that risk to life and bodily
vigor lies in its juicy globes
Meanwhile hundreds of millions of
the people of s Europe and Asia
the Italians, Spaniards, Portuguese,
Greeks, French, Germans, Austrians,
llnngarians, Turks and Persians— eat
If rapes to an extent uncommon -In
America. If they suffer as often from
appendicitis as the most careful people
of this country there are- no % records
which indicate such conditions. The
wclgrht of evidence. clearly acquits the
grape seed. — Cleveland Leader.
REACHES HARBOR IN TIME
TO PASS QUARANTINE.
Lifter Ventura Ar
rives From the
Antipodes.
Samoan Volcano Is
Still Spouting
, Lava.
Flow From Crater
Covers Several
Miles.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Ventura arrived yesterday from the An
tipodes. She made port just In time "to
pass quarantine, and the Federal doctors
gave her quick dispatch, for they, as well
as the passengers, had Christmas dinners
awaiting: them ashore. The Ventura
brought 158 passengers and £232 tons of
cargo. She was 6 days 22 hours and 6
minutes coming from Honolulu.
According to the passengers who ar
rived on the Ventura, the volcano on the
island of Savaii, in the Samoan group, is
still in vigorous activity. The glare from
the crater at night is visible at sea many
miles away and the lava has covered an
area of thirty square miles. This molten
flow has filled eleven miles of a deep val
ley and Is heading for the seashore. Na
tives whose homes are near the beach are
preparing to abandon their huts and co
coanut groves at short notice.
Among the passengers from Australia
was Jessie MacLachlan, the Scottish
singer, who, with her company, has been
touring the colonies. The Westminster
Abbey Glee and Choir Company of Lon
don was also on board the liner and on
Christmas eve contributed generously of
their talent to a concert held In the liner's
saloon. The concert was followed by a
Christmas tree. Surgeon G. W. Clark of
ficiated as Santa Claus.
A. J. Campbell, Treasurer of the Terri
tory of Hawaii, came -on the liner from
Honolulu with ?750,000 of Territorial
bonds. The sale of these bonds was con
summated in New York by Secretary At
kinson and Treasurer Campbell is going
to close the deal by delivering them.
The .Ventura brought from Honolulu
the body of Passed Assistant Surgeon
Lewis of the United States cruiser Chi
cago, who died at Honolulu of apoplexy.
While the Ventura was at Sydney five
large North German Lloyd steamers were
there, loading wool and grain for Europe.
Two days after leaving Auckland, on
December 9, the Ventura met her sister
ship, the Sierra, and the vessels passed
so close to each other that faces could be
plainly distinguished. Fine weather was
encountered all the way across the Pa
cific.
The passengers included the following:
From Sydney — W". C. Heron, K. A. Winberlr,
Mrs. Winberg. H. A. Reed.
Auckland — Major S. R. Timson.
Honolulu— H.- H. Moffitt. B. Peterson. C.
Chambers. V. Romney. Miss Kames. J. HJ.
Strachan Sr., Mrs. J. E. Strachan. J.
E. Strachan Jr.. Miss T. Ivcrson, R.
Buchanan, Mrs. R. Buchanan, J. Mc-
Linden. K. Onishi. J. P. Carolus, E. Brans
comb*. T. C. fi. Bennett, A. J. Campbell. Mas
ter Eam'-s, L. I^evy, E. Avenall. L. Glockner,
Mrs. L. Glockner. W. Staples, Mrs. W. Staples,
E F. Stead, A. H. F. RcnLon. W. Welch, L.
Kenake, N. Brock, F. Banhof H. R, Gage,
Mrs. H. R. Gage, William Sherer. W. L. Da
vies, E H Daniels. G. Hardman R. Tudor.
Mts. R. Tudor, J. B. Wright. J. H. Foas. W. E.
Foster. Mme. Hooton, D. Causton, H. Fraeer.
A. W. Barnes, Mrs. A. W. Eamep, C. Neilson.
Driven Front Palo Alto.
Nicola Tione is an Indian and he "'»nts to
go back to Alaska, or to some country whrre
there is no Christmas. Nicola was brought
from Ugashak a few months ago by Captain
Williams of the bark Coalinga. who, when not
plowing the seas, devotes his attention to till
ing" the soil o£ his ranch at Palo Alto. The
skipper gave Nicola a job on the farm and
Nicola found happiness in the dally toll, for,
unliko most Indians and many whites. Nicola
loved work for Its own sake. This Is a busy,
season on the Palo Alto ranch and ordera were
ls&ued the other day that all hands would have
to work on Christmas day. Indignation meer
ings were held. A petition of pretest was
drawn up. Every farr.l hand signed lt but
Nicola. He refused po'.nt blank to have any
thing to do with it tnd declared that If he was
atked to work on Christmas day he would do so.
This was more than the farm hands could
stand. Taking tbelr cue from the students of
Stanford University they declared a boycott
against Nicola. Later they decided that this
was not sufficiently vigorous. , They would
rough-house him, and they did.
When Nicola reached Henry Peterson's boat
house yesterday he vowed he had | run all the
way from Palo Alto, and that the. whole popu
lace of that suburb was a: his heels. He will
not tviurn, he says, and will leave this land
of Christmas, boycotts and rough-house at the
first opportunity.
Wanted Old Glory I>ovrered.
Peter Llndquist. Helge Hammerstett and
Charles Lewin are sailors and exiles from Scan,
dinavia. They realized yesterday, when around
ihtm on every hand they witnessed a happy
people celebrating Chrlstman, that they were a
long way from home. They paid a man In a
white apron, to fill long, thick glasses, which
they emptied as they discussed the superiority
of the Norseman's land over this country to
which they had been lured by cruel fate. In
the chape of more wages In a week than they
cculd earn In the old country In a month or
two. They decided to «=:)cnri the rest of the
day at the Scandinavian Sailors' Home at the
corner of Drumm and Commercial streets, di
rectly oppoilte the Harbo,- Police Station. They
wanted to be where the soft melody \u25a0. of their
native tongue would fall on Uuir ears and
bring comfort to their homesick hearts. Above
the door of the Home Waved the flags of Nor
way and Sweden. From a pole on the roof
fluttered Old Glory. They gazed at the flags
of their home-land and were Just beginning to
cheer when Llndqulsi righted the stars and
Ftrtpes flying high above the allert flags. With
a whocp, oi rage th» trio marched Into the
clflce of the Horn* and demanded that the
Scandinavian flags be hoisted above the Ameri
can fla«r. The fair haired clerk laughed and
playfully told them to go and "yump In the
bay."
• They »hmanderi the addresses of .the Consuls
of Norway and Sweden.
Once more th^ blonde-locked cl<>rk laughed.
Then began a rough house which threatened
to break up the Scandinavian Sailors' Home
Christmas t-ckbrallon.
Policeman Henneberry arrived when the ex
citement* was at its height; and after a sharp
tu??le chained the three homesick Scandinavians
together and herded them to the Harbor Police
Station, where they were locked up on a charge
of disturbing the peace.
The f?tan< and stripes never stopped waving.
"It was ihft prettiest scrap I cvrr Haw," nald
Policeman Henn»berry. "I hated to's|*>ll It."
"Work Suspended on Water Front.
Among yesterday's arrivals was th« steamer
Columbia of the San Francisco and Portland
line. Captain Doran reports having encoun
tered very heavy weather and says that for
several hours the coaster's decks were awash,
green' seas breaking as high as , the bridge.
More than a score of vessels came Into port
Christmas eve, even the Blunts Reef light
ship reaching the harbor In time for her crew
to upend Christmas ashore. Tlie • carrying
b way of her moorings was the - cause of ' her
leaving her po*t.' ' This Is the second time
within a few weeks that this lightship has
broken loose. BSBS&MRMcnH
Yesterday's arrivals were comparatively
few and all passenger 1 vessels except the Ven
tura reached port early. Among the, Christ
mas day arrivals were the Some City and the
Columbia from Portland and the State of Cali
fornia from San Diego.
Work along the .water front was entirely
Fuspended yeMerrlay and from scow- schooner
to trajjs- Pacific liner nearly every vessel wore
at the mast head ' a bunch ' of evergreens in
honor of the day.
Police Save Ills Gold.
Antonio McCassl arrived yesterday morning
THE SAN -FRANCISCO' CALL. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1905.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 25— 5 p.m.
The folloVlcg are the - seasonal . rainfalls |to
date as compared with; those of same date last
season and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
I^ast Tills ' Last
Statior.c — 24hou-.s. Season. - Season.
Eureka 0.C4 8; 10 13.33"
Red Biutt .......... 0.00 2.61' 12.10
Sacramento . . .' 0.00 1.56 8.29
San Francisco ....... 0.00 2.50 O.KJ
San Jose 0.00 3.10 5.3S
Fresno 0.00 -1.26 5.31
Independence ....... '0.00 0.43 0.45 -
San Luis 0b15p0..... 0.00 2.12 4.96
Los Angeles 0.00 3.11 I.CO
Kan Diego ....0.00 4.41 1.82 :
THE COAST RECORD./
\u25a03 -\u25a0"SE-.Sa °? \u25a0•& -S
• 1 la|3-^c Eou -iS
ETATIONa, |, ?|li'.|S- ?" g
• c— r.-. * fc O'
• \ B fi - • ! P
Baker 80.18 28 18 8 Cloudy .00
Reno 30.26 SO 16 W Cloudy- .00
Eureka .. SO. 26 56 86 S Cloudy .04
Fresno 20.38 48 30 . JTW" Pt Cldy .00
8. E. Farallon3o.3s 53 47 R Clear *.00
Flagstaff 30.38 80 —2 NE Clear .00
Independence .30.20 50 16 NW Pt Cldy .00
Los- Angeles.. 3o. l4 72 48 W Pt Cldy .00
Mt. Tamalpals3o.B6 47 45 N Clear .CX)
North Head... 29. 70 60 48 8 Pvain .12
Phoenix ..30.18 60 26 H CTear .CO
Pt. Reyes Lt.. 80.30 52 45 BE rt Cldy .00
Pocatello 80.34 32 4 8E Cloudy .00
Portland .....20.86 48 32. 58 Rain: .83
Red Bluff ....30.40 46 30 8W Cloudy .00
Roseburg .^..30.08 50 42 SE Rain .06
Sacramento . .30.40 48 28 If Cloudy .00
San Jose .....30.38 54 30 NW Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake ....30.34 30 .. W Pt Cldy .00
S. Francisco. .30.40 50 41 N' Cloudy .00
S. L. 0bi8p0..30.2C 62 26 NW Cloudy .00
Pan Diego ...30.12 64 38 NW Clear .00
Seattle 20.74 46 40 8 Rain. .44
Spokane 30. C0 40 ' 30 S " Rain T.
Walla Walla. .30.00 .50" 30 B Rain T.
Wlnnemucca .30.38 2tJ . 2. SW Cloudy . .CO
Yuma .10.22 84 86 N Clear .CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. „• .
The storm remains nearly stationery off th«
Washington coast and has caused rain from
Eureka northward on the Paclflo elope . and
cloudy weather south of that point. The
pressure continues to fall west of the Rocky
Mountain* except over central California,
where there Is a slight rise. . .
The temperature has risen slowly, in all dis
tricts. ;-•,:.
Conditions are . favorable for rain- Tuesday
in the extreme ; northern portion of . California,
with cloudy weather in other portions of that
State and Nevada. - .
r-ORECAST FOR TUESDAY. DEC. 26.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and
threateninß Tuesday; light west windi. '
Los Angeles and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
light west wind. ; , ' , '.
Sacramento Valley — Rain in northern por
tion; cloudy in couth portion Tuesday; light
south wind.
San Joaquln Valley — Cloudy Tuesday; light
north wind. \u25a0 .' ' : -.
Coast — Rain north of Point Arena; cloudy
south of that point Tuesday; light southwest
wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday. .' .:
G. 11. WILLSON', Local Forecaster.
on the steamer Montlcello from VaJle'Jo. An
tonio spent the time he wu on board at the
bar" and when he disembarked was so over
come with liquor that he colled up in a corner
on Mission-street wharf and soon was . fast
asleep. When he purchased his ticket at Val
l<»jo Antonio had exhibited a bag of gold.
People who had eeen the gold and who later
s?.w Antonio asleep notified the harbor police
end he finished hi* slumber as Captain Mar
tin's guest. In Antonio's pocket was found a
bag containing $125 65. This and- the sack
of oranges ho was bringing home for Christ
mas will be rPturned to him to-day, i/i -.'- ;
Movements ot Steamer*.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. 1 Due.
Chehalis San -Pedro ........... .|Dec. 20
Del Norte Crescent City ...;..;.. Dec. 26
Ncwburg..... Grays Harbor ......... Dec. 2tt
G. Llndautr.. Grays Harbor .....:... Dec. 28
Breakwater... Coos Bay ............. Dec. -'6
Acme Wlllapa Harbor ....... Di*:. 26
Jeanie Portland . & Astoria. . . . Dec. 26
Aberdeen Grays Harbor Dec. 2tf
Titanla Nanalmo Dec. 26
G. D011ar. .... Grays Harbor | Dec. 26
Bonlta Newport \u25a0& Way Pts. ..lDec. SB
Tellus. Nanaimo |Dec. 26
Elizabeth Coqullle River ..",'. :... r ..|Dec. 26
Corona Humboldt ......". !l>ec. 'M
F. Kllburn Portland & Way Porta.|Dec. 27
Coptic... China &. Japan ........ Dec. 27
Eureka .'• Humboldt Dec. 27
Queen.. Puget Sound Ports .... Dec. 27
Cha6. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma .... Dec. 27
Porno Point Arena & Albion. {Dec. 28
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts..Dec. 28
Homer Portland & Astoria.. \u0084|D ec. 2H
Curacao Mexican Ports [Dec/ 29
Pomona •'• Humboldt .......".'.. ...|Dec. 29
Coos Bay 'San Pedro & Way Pte.|Dec. 2»
Senator Portland & Astoria. . . . (Dec 30
Denderah Seattle .. | Dec. 80
M. F. Plant...' Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.jJan. 1
Centralla. . . . . I Grays Harbor ....[Jan. 1
City Puebla... Puget Sound P0rt5... ... I Jan. 1
Peru...: New Tork via Ancon.. Jan. 2
Aurelia... .... Portland & Astoria.:. ..] Jan. 3
Amer. Mam.. China & Japan ....Uan. 5
TO SAIL.
Steamer Destination. . I Sails. l Pier. ;
Deoeiuber 26. I |
Rainier..... Seattle & Bel'ham.|l2 m Pier 10
Aurelia Astoria & Portland! 5 pm Pier 27
jeanie Los Angeles Ports. |12 m Pier 5
Vanguard.. Humboldt ........I V ami Pier 27
Newport... Los Angeles Ports.] 3 pmJPler B
Cascade Astoria & Portland, 12 m| Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt ......... |l:3op|Pier t/
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. lll am | Pier 9
Uecember 27. I - |
Chloo Coos Bay: '3pm|Pler 6
Elizabeth.. Coqulllo River .... . .Pier 20
M. F. Plant Coos Bay 4 pm;Pler 11
Sea Foam.. Point Arena 4 pmjPier 2
Arctic...... HumboMt 9 ami Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay 5 pm|Pier 8
December 28. I |
Acme 'Willapa Harbor.... Z pm|Pler 2
G. Dollar..! Grays Harbor ..... \ pm Pier 20
laqua ..•' Wlllapa 'Harbor ... yam Pier 2
Corona.;..- Humboldt 1:30 p Pier »
State of Cal San Diego & Way., 9 am Pier 11
Bonlta . Newport llc Way. . 9am Pier 11
N. Fork.... Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 20
Columbia... 1 Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Marlposa. . .! Tahiti direct 11 am|Pier \u25a0 7
Nevadan... Hono & Kahului .. 3 pmjPier 23
Newburg... Grays Harbor •.... '2 pmJPler 10
G. Lindauci Grays Harbor .... 1 pm|Pler 2
December 29. ! 1
South Eay.. Portland & Astoria. 4 pm Pier 27
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor I 2 pm Pier 2
F. Kllburn. Portland & Way... 2pm Pier 2o
Kedondo. . . Aetoria & , Portland 10 am Plar "2
December \u25a0\u25a0'SO. I
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor .; ... 4pm Pier 2
P0m0...... Pt. Arena & Albion 6pm Pier.. 2
K0rea...... China & Japan .... 1 pm Pier 40
ban Juan... N. Y. via Ancon... |lZ mlPlcr 40
December ; 31. I I
Chas. Nelson Seattle •& Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Queen Puget Sound - Ports 11 am Pier 8
January 2. • j
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm|Pier 20
Senator.... Astoria; & Portland 11 amlPler 24
January 3. /\u25a0
Denderah... Hamburg &Wy Pts 12 m Pier 19
. January- 4.
Ventura. . . . Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
FROM SEATTLE..'
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. •
Portlend...... Cookslnlet ' & Way....|Dec. 26
Oregon. ... .*. . \'aldez & Seward ... JDec. : 27
JefTerson.. ... SUagway & Way Ports. JDec. il
Santa Clara.. Seward & Way Ports.. .{Jan. 1
Sun, Moon nnd Tide.
United States' Coast -. and \u25a0 Geodetic" Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low /Waters
iat Fort \u25a0 Point, entrance to . San Francisco
' Bay. Published by official authority of the
superintendent. ?\u25a0 / \u25a0 '
NOTE— The high and low>_waters. occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
mir.uU-s lattr than at. Fort' Point; the. height
of tide Is the same; at both- places. .';-'. -.-'-
TUESDAY. DECEMBER' 26. ; ;''*
Sun rises '.'.".: .... .*......' .":2<
Sun sets .....*..:: .4:58
Moon sets (new) ......;.. .......... .5:30 p. m.',
O ITtniel iTimel- iVlTlmel Time :
E I 1 Ft. |- 1 Ft.,l— -I Ft.-j< Ft.^
i» |H W| IL'VW " L:Wpv :
26 0:15 4.7 4:451:2.8 10:52 6.415.471— 12
27. ; 1:02 4.8 5:85 ;5 2.9 11:38 6.2 ;6:331; 6:331— ].o
28 1:49 4.9 0:28 \u00843.0 12:27 \u25a0 8.8 ,7:16 —0 7
29 2:35 v 4.P .7:24 *l:10 = 5.S 8:01 —0.3
30 3:20 6.0 8:28 3.0 2:17 4.0 .8:43 '• 0 2
31 \u25a0 4:02 5.1 '0:40 2.9 3:18 4.4 0:29 \u25a0 O.S
1 I 5:00 >' 5.1 10:45 >\u0084 2.8 '4:22 ,3.7 10:201^ 1 .3
NOTE— In i the ? above ' exposition : of ! the i tides'
the early, morning ; tides ', are fclven : In : the left
hand column - and .the | successive ) tides | of . the
day in the order, of . occurrence as •to tune ; I the
fourth time column gives the last tlda of . the
FULLER ANDWAKNEE,
TAKE DOUBLES MATCH
Al though Handicapped They
Manage to Outplay Mur
phy and Ruehn. y
The final match of the handicap doubles
tournament played on the California' Club
tennis courts yesterday, morning resulted
in a victory for George Fuller and.Moul
ten Warner. They were opposed to Wil
liam Murphy and Charles Kuehn. The
latter received a handicap ; of 15 and the
score proves that it was about, right., The
match went the full five sets and. the out
come was. In doubt until well along in the
fifth set The 6core was 5-7, 6-4, 1-6, 6-3.
6-L. . . ; : . v-^.\v -^.\ ' \ •". \u25a0 .;.\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0 r
The tennis was not very high class,- but
the match was ' none the less Interesting.'
Fuller and • Warner both played [ the balls
hard and ' > were"" anything but" steady.
Murphy also' put considerable; speed into
his strokes. .
Errors were rather numerous, but were
morc'of ten made by the losers.
An impromplv handicap singles tourna^
ment and an exhibition doubles ~< match
were played on the Golden Gat© Park
courts. ' The 1 latter , was . the ' feature arid
proved highly interesting. George Janes
and R. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0N. ; Whitney were opposed to
Charles Dunlap and Clarence Griffin. In
an unusually ' fast match Janes and
Whitney proved . their superiority by
winning three straight sets. All three
sets were close, but in each Janes and
Whitney . outplayed their opponents. The
score was 7-5, 6-4, 6-3. "
Sixteen of the lower class men. com
peted in ".the handicap singles event. The
first round . was * completed and \u25a0 two
matches were played in the second round.
For an Impromptu event in which the
handicaps were hurriedly arranged, there
were .an unusual number of .close
matches. .J. - Cahill • and /R. Drolla won
places in the semi-finals. The scores fol
low:
First round— J. Cahill (3-6) beat "W. 0..
Knowlton (scratch), 12-10, 3-6.-6-3; H. Dav
enport (owe 3-«) beat J. Haynes (3-6). C-3, 6-3;
A. Vensano (3-6) beat G.' Cunningham (15) by
default; E. Cahill (3-6) beat E. Peck (3-«),
4-0, G-2, 8-2f R. Drolla (owe 15) beat M.Mer
guire (3-6) ' by default; G. , Guerln (owe j 3-6)
beat G. Lytton : (owe 15), 4-6. 0-1, , 6-2; H. 1
Guerin (scratch) -beat G. Hall (owe 15), 6-0,
6-0; H. Getz (owe 3-6) beat F. Guerln (owe
15),. 3-6, 7-B,;e-2. ; -
' Second round — J Cahill beat Vensano, 6-4,
4-6. 6-3; Drolla beat Guerln, 6-3. 6-4.
AVhat Eloquence Costs.
A Belgian statistician has amused
himself , by calculating the cost to his
country of parliamentary oratory, and
that of 'noise, and even of: silence in
parliament; for/according to him; each
second of a sitting costs the same
amount, arid silence is paid for, during
the sittings, as dearly as speeoh. He
calculates that each hour of the sit
tings of the Belgian chamber costs
$1457, each minute $24.28, and each
second something more than 40 cents.'
- Starting from this basis he calculates
that the words of the president at the
opening of each sitting, "Gentlemen,
the sitting has commenced," cost about
$1. .' A laugh, .for which, when uttered
in his presence, he could find no reason,
wns. timed by him to cost J1.25.
"Marks of approval on many benches"
cost as much as $10 or $16; a suitable
"prolonged' movement" cannot be pro
duced at less than $20 or $25. "Ironical
cheers at the left" are exceedingly
costly, while "loud approval at the
right" runs to a price beyond all rea
son. ,
He- notes that a few days ago the
applause from the government benches
at the end of a speech of the railway
minister cost exactly $13.09, and that a
sitting of three hours, which was oc
cupied by three indifferent speakers,
cost close on to $5000. Patti could be
heard in Brussels for such a sum. he
declares; or grand opera, claque and
all, be had for less!— Chicago Tribune.
Orlßln of Liveries.
The wearing of liveries dates back
to the days of gentle: service, when it
was the custom for Kings to deliver
splendid habits to the members of their
households. In days of chivalry^ a
Duke's son would -wear the livery of
his Prince, an esquire. that of a knight;
and it was' not until modern times that
the word took on its present use.
Liveries were gradually suppressed
at the close of the middle ages, partly
on account, of the cost of providing
them in Increasing quantities, and
partly because the growing. households
of liveried retainers became a menace
to the King's peace. — Exchange.
day. except when there are but three -tide*/ as
sometimes occurs. The ; heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United Staten
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
gi\en Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
shipping intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, December 25. .
Btmr Alcatrae, Frederlcksen, 14. hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Norwood, Martin, 81 hour* from Re
dondo. a >
i . Stmr Nome City. Hansen. 72 hours from
Columbia River, bound for San Pedro, put In
to land passengers. -
Stmr Cella, Hansen. 17 hours from Albion.
Stmr Francis H Leggett, Reiner, 36 hours
from San Pedro. • - .
Stmr Columbia. Doran, 60>4 - hours from
Portland,' via Astoria 49 % hours.
Stmr Daisy -Mitchell, Smith, 76 hours from
Columbia : River. .,
Stmr State of California, Thomas. 42 hours
from .Sari Diego, etc.
Stmr Fulton. Panzer, 30 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, Reed, 32 hours from Eureka.
Stmr North Fork. . Nelson, 29 hours from
Eureka. "
Stmr .Ventura, Hay wards. -21 days 19 hours
10 minutes from Sydney, via Honolulu*s days
22 hours -6 minutes.
SAILED. , -
. Monday. December 25.
Stmr Vanguard. Odlund, Eureka.
Stmr Northland, .Tamieson. San Pedro.
Stmr Brooklyn.: Hansen, Mendoclno. "'
\u25a0 Stmr Mackinaw, Mf-ady,'. Tacoma. .
Stmr James S Hlgglns, Higgins, Fort Bragg.
Stmr. Nome City, Hansen, -. San Pedro.
Schr Rio Rey, Power. CranpHe.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived" Deo: 25 — Ship Kenil
vorth. from Newcastle, Aus. *%T6S§
. KAHULUl— Arrived Dec 19— Stmr Nebras
kan. from Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LO BOS. Dec. 25— 10 p. m.— Weather
foKiry: wind NE; velocity 8 miles per; hour. :
\u25a0 OCEAN STEAMERS. \u25a0
LONDON — Arrived- Dec- 25 — Stmr MacHeon,
from Tacoma, Vancouver,', etc.,'. via Hongkong.
TRIKSTE — Arrived Dec 24 — Stmr Slavonian,
from New York, via •\u25a0 Naples : and Flume.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Dec 25— Stmr La
plata, from New- York, -via Unit,,
etc.' - \u25a0 \u25a0 ........ : . .
DOMESTIC PORTS. B^^^^^
EUREKA — Sailed Dec 25 — Stmr Corona, for
San Francisco.* h | ' i 1i 1 iii» mpi'i l<y,l jjju
- . SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr San Qa
hrlel, from Umpqua. via Eureka : Btmrs San
Ppdro and Santa Monica, from Port Los "An
11 ii i iTirtrwiif wfrjTlCTipi'iMwii icun'" i> fcH 11 1 I jujiMJuMii
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Dec 24— Bktn Ev
erett? G GrigßS. "from- Seattle. • .
Sailed Dec 24 — Ger wtmr.. Denderah, for San
Francisco. .
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec 25— Stmr . Senator,
hence Dec 23. • *.'. -
\u25a0 BRATTLE— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr ' Eureka,
hence, Dec 21. ; ..'. . .•:.\u25a0.
Sailed Dec 24 — Stmr Charles Nelson, for San
Francisco. \u25a0,— .-.:, _ . ;
PORT • HARFORD— Arrived / Dec 25— Stmr
Robert Dollar; from Seattle. --. '
PORT TOWNSEND-^-SalledDeo 24-^-Br Btmr
Henley. • for \u25a0 . . Passed s Inward Dec ; 24' — Fr
hark Grande Duchesse Olga, hence Dee 18, for
Tacoma; ' nchr Taurus,* from " San Diego; ; schr
Samar, from Redondo; .Br: stmr •'Wynerlc, for
Seattle.-:,-. ,"\u25a0 .--..-.-. j. -> •: w ' ."' .v-.. " '-^ : .•\u25a0»?.-"v.:.V
- PORT i- G AMBLE^-Sailea Dec 24— Br ? stmr
Henley.'-. for .'&.- :*s,.;- :-i r i:<-,' >\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'-: :r ?f'-;</-::-~--% : <&--< i
SANTA? BARBARA— Arrived Deo 25— Schr
Cornet; * from Grays iHarbor; eehr \u25a0 A :F : Coats,
from- Grays \u25a0 Harbor; stmr : Santa? Rosa, i hence
DcCi24.'v. \u25a0 -.\u25a0• -; \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ',':.;. . . ;." \u0084 : ; , .
Sailed Dec i 25— Stmr - Santa - Rosa,' • for ->- San
Dleso.' - ' "1 -
BALLARD— SaiIed Dec 24— Sehr J ,W Clise.
for San Pedro. ' nOW^LWlliJtliipitl r I. " " •/
' SKAOAVAT — Sailed ; Dec 24 — Stmr ; Jefferson,
for , Seattle. .\u25a0 • .\»~" " '. •
\u25a0 SAN : DlEGO— A. rived Dec 2B — Stmr 'South
Bay. - bence " Dec .' 22. . < f'WMMigIHHMB
-.-\u25a0.-\u25a0 A FOREIGN PORT. ** \u0084" , .•
-, ST. VINCENT."! C. - V.— Arrived .; Dec > 24— Br
. stmr >Be*sle- Dollar, from "Antwerp, and sailed
for. Ean • FranoIsco.VBOBSSBanBaSBMBWMKWBW
ocean steamer.
• ' DOVER— Arrived i Dec' 25--Stmr Vaderland,
from New York,' for Antwerp,' and proceeded. -"•\u25a0 \
FLAMES CAUSE
$1 00,000 LOSS
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Dec. 26.— One of
the most '\u25a0; disastrous fires in the hislfbry
or Little Rock visited this city, at an early
hour this morning. "With the exception
of two small buildings every building on
the 1 block bounded by Second, Third,
Louisiana and Canter streets was de
stroyed. The heaviest loser is Fred
Roesch, : whose four-story carriage re
pository was burned to the ground, caus
ing a .; loss of about 550,000/ The burned
district also included the' livery stable of
C. L. Kraft, the old Jewish' synagogue,
the • Merchants' stable, six cottages , and
a number of small brick buildings. The
entire loss is; estimated at about $100,000.
AMERICAN'S TAKE RACKET
MATCH FROM BRITISHERS
•NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— An internation
al racket match, in which George Stand
ing, the American champion, and Bdward
Rogers defeated Peter Latham, the Eng
lish champion, and David Gardner, at
tracted a large gathering of players to
the New York' Racket and Tennis Club
to-day. Th© four-handed contest consist
ed of six games, four of which were won
by Standing and his partner, Latham and
Gardner winning the second and third.
* This was ; a ; preliminary to a series in
which Latham, who . arrived . here a week
ago, is to appear against the best profes
sionals in this country during the next
six weeks. Gardner and Rogers' er«
Standing's . associates In the local club,
and . the bulk of heavy play was made
by them' to-day, the two experts letting
the younger men extend themselves at
every stage. - ... -.-..-
Standing and Latham will meet in the
same court on January 6 for the : racket
championship of the United States and
a purse of-S3COO. Following isthe sum
mary by games of to-day's match: Stand
ing and Rogers— ls, 9, 10, 17, 15, 15; Latham
and Gardner— ll, 15, 15, 14. 10. 2.
Champion .Team Beaten.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 25.— 1n the football
game hero to-day, the San Diego Y. M.
C. A- -team defeated the' Los Angeles
High School team by a score of 5 to 0.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows : . Dumf rtesshlre, 1 10
per cent; Cralgmore, 10 per cent, and Alster
ntxe, 10 Der.cent.- :
Difference In Creeds).
"I -ran across two new sects up in
Minnesota" a few days ago."- said the
returned traveler. "In a village of a
few >[ hundred people I saw two large
churches. I thought there must be in
tense piety among the natives, coupled
with a; difference of opinion, and I
niade some inaulries.
"'Yah,' said the Swede, 'das wan we
tank Ev she made Adam ate apple, an'
das wan we tank Adam dam rascal all
time.'"— New York Press. ' :-'-V'
"a / Speclall .
/j;' 1 • This is a regular $2.00 /
MV Razor. It is of hljrh-
y£sxL)J) grade make, and the
/ blade is tempered to
--^ay hold edge and to cut
If? /^EW smoothly. Is easily
ci/ taken care of and
yy does not require
/ HlaHfcL. honing 1 more than
\ once a year if
\ not abused.
My special
xiiKsikv price 9 1 - 50
or hone
Razors of all
kinds and put
them in . first-
! class condition.
Honing;.
THAT MAN PITTTS.
f; W. PITTS, The Stationer,
1008 Market St., San FranclHCo
"; WE OWN AND OFFER]
1 $100,000 City of Redding s**'.
520.000 Market-Street Railway
', ', ss ' 8 ' \u25a0 .' ' - \u25a0',',
!! C 25.000 Southern Pacific of Art- '
2011:1 6's. '
< $30,000 Stockton Water Com- >
o pnny 6'h.
1 Yield 3.00 to 5 per cent, tax free. "
\ N.W.HALSEY&CO.
1 California and Sannome Sts^
\u2666 San Frnncloon, f
o » • .••'•«• • » « » » » » » -+-~6
fl* FAVOftfITE
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
l«An erjcICPRE SICK BEADACMfi.
LAKiCnO .
igjanTiE Genuina Musi Bear
WIVER Fac-Simils Signature
m PILLS. J^ : -ar*^ 1 "" _«#
. ocean trayei..
; American ;lixe.
Plymonth— CUcrbonrK-^-Southampton.
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LL\E.
-?u\(i» York— London Direct.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINB,
NEW YORK— ROTTERDAM, via BOULOGNE
' \ -RED STAR .LINE.
intTverp— Dover— London— Parla.
WHITE STAR LINE.
\u25a0 Xevr York— Q,ueen»toTvn— Liverpool. 1..
'Boaton— ftueenstown— Liverpool.
\u25a0'.\u25a0.- ,<- ,'To tbe 'Mediterranean.
. FROM NEW.TORK.
CELTIC (20,004 tons). Jan.6, 2:30 p. m.. Feb. 17
REPUBLIC ;.:....'...r.Jan. 26. 3 p. m.. Mar. 9
CRETIC ....r. -".'-\u25a0 •.."April 3/ 10 a. m.; May 19
..;*•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 FROM BOSTON.
\ CANOPIC • ... ••• - • • •'•"• Jan; 13. , noon: Feb. 24
ROMANIC ...r...:. Feb. 3.-8:30 a. ro.; Mar. 17
C D.-.TAYLOR, ': Paasenger Agent Paelne Coast.
*•\u25a0':\u25a0: ,-21 Post st.T San' Francisco." \u25a0
mm kisen kmsha
: (ORIENTAL S.S. CO:)
' Steamers twill leave wharf.' corner -First and
Brannan • streets, :1 : p. ' m.. ': for Yokohama"- and
Hongkong, \u25a0 calling >at Honolulu.'; Kobe : (HI050),
Nagasaki \u25a0*' and Shanghai,": and " connecting \u25a0at
Hongkong:: with ? steamers for.t. India, etc. - . No
cargo received on board on day; of sailing."' -•\u25a0•
E.v S."- "America iMaru/'i Monday,^ Jan.": 29, v 1006
B. S." 5 "Nippon i Mam,',' - Tuesday, • Feb. 20, -. 1000
S.S. LVHongkong Maru," ; Thursday, Mar.ls, ? 11)09
• Round-trip ' tickets at . reduced -, rates.'
, For freight and . passage < spply . at company's
office, seventh \u25a0 floor.' Merchants' Exchange.
' -\u25a0 W. H. AVERT, Asst. Cteneral -Manager^
l- \u25a0-- ,^_r - 1 * ---
' >^t?T>s k . \u25a0 Steamer* llev«a v« Piers 9
/A^^-ShX and 11. San Franclaoo.
Afi!C For Ketchlkan. Wraaeel.
/£L/ljaia*^J^ \"\ Juneau. Treadwell. Hainea.
I I I I Skagway. etc.. Alaska— ll a.
V V VHlrw/ I m - E* c - 21. 26. 31. Jan. 3
\*\ \\ " " " y&t Change to thl* company*
V^iS^_^4<y steamers at Seattle. /.
x5/>7SH^' For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townaend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Anacortes. South BelUnxham.
Bellingham— ll a. m.. Dec. 21. 26, 31. Jan. 5.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Seattle or Tar*
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:S(>
p. m., Dec. 26, 31. Jan. 8; Corona. 1:30
p. m., Dec. 22. 28. Jan. 3.
' For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles aal
Redondo). San Dteco and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of ' California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Esjt
San Pedro). 1 Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo); Ventura and Hueneme —
Coos Bay, 0 a. m.. Dec. 24. Jan. 1.
Bonlta, 0 a. m., Dec. 20. 23. Jan.' 5.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS, Season 1906 — The
palatial Alaska escurrton steamship SPOKANE
will leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria June
7. 21. July 5. 20. August 2.
For further information obtain folder. . Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — \u2666 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Offlce^ — 10 Market st. -
Oakland— 9s2 Broadway.
C. D. DUN ANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market *t.. Ban Francl*co.
ocean!eS.sX9» ssstßwsr
\u25a0 8 8. MARIPOBA, for Tahiti, Deo. 23, 11 a. m.
S. B. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auok-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 4, 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Saturday.
January 13. 11 a. m.
I. D. SPRECmS 4 BEOS. Ca, A#i TlcXßt offlCB 6i3
mtti Freight Qfflce 327 KaiKet st, Pisr 7 Paclfle si
Compagnle Generate Tran»atlm»tlaae.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -^x-*^
Sailing every Thursday instead of JBafiSfi
Saturday. 10 a. m.'. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton st. ""
First-class to Havre, $70 and upward. Seo-
ond class to Havre, *45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5. Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets >old by all Railroad Tlck*t Agents.
BAY AND IXTEHTOBAX ROUTES.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD,
VALLFJO and NAPA
Napa Valley Route
Montlcello S. 8. Co. and Napa Valley Elec-
trlo R K. Co. Close connections.
O—ROUND0 — ROUND TRIPS DAILY—*
Boats leave San Franclsoo 7:00. *9:« a. m..
12:30 noon. 8:13. 6:00. *8:30 p. in.
San Francisco landing and offlc*. Plar X
foot of Mission St.. one block south Marlcet-st.
Ferry. Meals a la carte. Phone Main 1003.
\u2666Lands' Navy Yard direct. \u25a0
RAILWAY TRAVEL. • _ '
iUsaS&^^^l*ttui3fi Lrf.all.aa X IjV
Wsa ASA To CLxajo b Three Dayi.
•Q^yJgg^j^S with Dineo aad Sleeps.
Santa Fe Trains
7:30 a. m. 1 For Stockton, Merced. Fresno,
and \ Hanford. Vlsalia. Bakersfleld
8:00 p. m. j and intermediate points.
9:30 a. m. — California Limited three days to
Chicago every day. Direct con-
nection to Grand Canyon.
9:30 a. m. — Valley Limited, for Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno. Hanford. Vlsalia
and Bakersfield and Points on
the Sierra Railway.
4:00 p. m. — Tor Stockton and intermediate
points.
8:00 p. m. — Overland Express, for Chicago,
Kansas City. Denver and Grand
Canyon.
TICKET OFFICES.
653 Market street San Francisco
Ferry Depot San Francisco
1112 Broadway - Oakland
27 South First street '. Ban Josa
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot ot Market Street.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SXS RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 8:00 a. m.: 12:33. 3:30.
6:10. 6:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30 a. m.: 12:33. 3:30. 5:10.
.6:30 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:OS. 7:33, 7:50. 9:20 a- m.;
12:50. 3:40, 6:00, 3:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:OS, 8:00, 8:16. 9:40 a.m.; 3:40.
4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:30 p. m. _^
Leave I In Effect J Arrive
Ean Fran. l^Oct. 8. 1903. ( San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- | Week
Days. | days. I tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a -,-":. \u25a0 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:00 a 9:30 a Ignaclo. ]1040 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p ; 7 :3O_P
»:oOal 9:30 a Napa. 9:jaa|B:4o«
5:10 p] 5:10 p| | 6:20 pi 6:20 p
~~.«0a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:25 a
8:30 p 9^Joa Petalum* 6:03 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and T:B3p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. .
7.30 a • .. . - - 10:40 a 10:33 a
8:00 a Fulton 7:30p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p '
"Windsor
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur* 10:40 a 10:23 a
Lytton
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservlllo 7:SOp 6:20 p
Cloverdale
7:80 al 6:00 al Hopland 110:40 «!1»:»»
B;gQp|3:3op| and PXlaa )7:30pt6:20p
1 I Willits and I -~ \ JJ-
7:30al 8:00a| Sherwood | 7:30 p{ 6:20 p
7 .,a.| g-coal : 110:40 a|10:23 a
BJ3O p| 3J30 p| Guerneville | 7:30 p| 6:20 p
?<tnal S-oOal Sonoma 9:10 al 8:40 a
oliopl silOrl Glen Ellen |6:00p|6:20p
- 7 .o 0a 8 -CO a 10:40a[10:23a
3 =30 p 3 :30 p BebastopcL 7 :SO p 6:20 p
5:10 P 6:10 P '
— STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Ou»ntln- af Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
HorinKs'and Mark West Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservine for Skaggs
,'mm- at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boon-
vine and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Borings; Highland Springs, Kelseyvtlle. Carls-
b£d Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
brings and Lake County. Hot Springs; at
iTkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs.
Kiue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
iino*rLak«. Porno. Potter -Valley. John Days.
Lierty'srHullvllle.-Orr'a Hot Springs. HalN
tav House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno
ritv Fort Bragg, Westport and Usal; at Wil-
rts for Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for
Fort Bragg. Cahto. Covelo, Laytonvllle. Cuai-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit-
land Dyer, Garbervlllo, Camp 5. Pepperwood.
Scotia and Eureka. .
Saturday and Monday round-trip tickets At
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market st.. Chronicle build*
Ing. ; - '-;\u25a0'
JAS. AGLER, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mil I VII IPV
CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
. Depart week days and Sundays at 7 :00 (ax.
, c«pt Sunday), 7:43, 8:25. 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. ra..
12:20. 1:43, 3:15, 4:33. 5:15, 5:30, ,6:30. 7:13 i
' »:W. 10:15 and 11:35 p. m.
For Fairfax,^ week Bays— 7 s4s a, m., 5:13
p. m. dally, except Sunday: and 3:13 p. m.
Saturdays . only. ' Sundays and holidays — 7:43.
9:10 a. nj.
. . THROUGH TRAINB. .
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazad«ro and way stations,
a : 15 p. m., Saturdays only, for Point Reyes
and way. * sa^ssHnssi
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market st. -
.FERRY-^Union: Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt.Tam alpais Railway
_>SSlthl \u25a0 Vlil BITS :
Leave S. F. 9-^0 a m I:<s r v
JK^^^ Arrive S. F. 10-.45 A v 3:55, t.ti nt
"iBMUWy -. - - siTDuiT ora
Lv. 5.F.4:55 pm Ar.S. F. 11:25pm
STUBiTS 15D ISOII, HOIIfIITS
' Lr. S. F. 8:25,9:50,11:00 am I .45pm
\u25a0_;_ ;:."•;\u25a0. Ar.S. F. 1:30, 2:55, 4^3, 6^2 PM
ncin \ 650 Market ST.,(North Shore Railroad")
OmctS j and Sausauto Fmutv. Foot Market St.
ifiHrCtliSlir,
AUCTION SALEf
£* £?> fe
AUCTION SALE.
NEVADA STABLES
1350 Market Street.
Friday, December 29, at II a.m.
1 will sell the contents of tb« Nevada. 3tabies.
consisting of 70 head of 'first-class Horees.
among them a number of matched t*anw and
some of the best Road Horses la the city, a
number of first-class Business Horae« and,
some good Wagon Horse*. 25 first-class Bust-
cess Buggies. IS Road Buggies. 12 Top Btig>
gies. 4 Surreys. 1 Hack. 1 Victoria. 1 Wagon-
ette and a number of wagon« of all kinds.
Harness for all outfits. Whips. Robes. Blankets.
Safe and Office Fixtures and a number of other
tblngs too numerous to mention.
Thl» Is not a lot of cheap stuff, but cne of
the best, if not the best, equipped stables on
the coast. Everything must b« sold, for th*>
owners are retiring from the- livery business
and the building will be remodeled Into a
theater.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
fO"Draftforses=6a a
AT AUCTION
Tuesday Kvenlas. Dec. 2«. 8 O'clock
THESE MARES AND GELDIXQS WEIGH
FROM 1350 TO 1730. AGES FROM 4 TO %
TEARS OIaD. THE FINEST EVER
BROUGHT TO THI3 CITY. WE SHALL
ALSO OFFER 40 HEAD OF LIGHT DRIV-
ING AND WAGON HORSES. Catalogue*
ready Sunday. Horses now on exhibition.
NO OUTSIDE HORSES WILL BB OFFB3UKT>
AT THI3 SALE.
WESTERN HORSE MARKET
E. STEWART A CO- 230 Valencia St.
fe £fe fe
AUCTION SALE
WEDNESDAY, DEC. 23. AT 11 A. M.
Arcade Horse Market. 327 sixth Street.
I will make a general clean up ot 55 aU-purpoa*
horses: all young and sound: good workers:
must be sold to wind up the year's business:
come and see them. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auc-
tioneer.
&*<£>» fe
AUCTION SALE
THURSDAY. December 28. at 11 A. 91*
AT 875 FOLSOM STREET.
40 horses, wagons, buggies, . 20 set of working
> harness: also some sored horses, condemned by
on* of the largest delivery companies iv th«
city. Everything will positively be sold.
BAM HABLE3. Auotlonser.
RAILWAY TRAYEU
/Bgp||v« SAN FRANCISCO.
V Vw.*ffpS!/ i y«on DacxMßis M, 1901
F»3«T D*FOT
(Foot of Market Street.)
ijav»- MAIN LINE. -a»»it»'
74iOAEIm1ra.ViicaTtne.Wlii ters. BamMT 7.450
7.00 a Richmond, r.enicis. Sacrameato,
Sultan and War Sutions - 7-28P
7.40 a Vallejo. Kapa. Callstoga. Saata
Rosa. Martian. Ssn R»mon 8C3!»
7.4OaSU«i, fleasancon. l.ivernnore,
Tracy, Lathrop, Siocicton 7.28 i*
B.ooa Shasta Ezpreta— (Via Davis).
W'lllams, Willows. fFrnto, Ked
BlaS. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle. 7-48p
B.ooa Davis, Woodland. Kafsbta Landing.
Maryivllle. Oro»ille 7-48P
8.20 a Martin wz. Antlocb. Byron. Tracy.
Stcclcton. Xewman, Lo» Banns,
Mendota, Armooa, Hanford, . . - fl
Vlialla. Forterville { TaiiZ
B2flAPort Conta. Latbrop. Merced. Mo- ' *-* a "
deito, Fresno. II an ford. Vital ia. - i
Bakendald 4 43*
8. 43 a Nlleu. Can .lose. L!v»rmore. 9t»ck-
- ton (\u2666Milton). Valiey Spring.
lone. Saerameato, PlacerrKle.
Colfax. llaryiville. Red 8iu1T.... 4.33^
B.4DA Oakdale, Chinese, Jamestuwa,
Sonorn. Tuolumnr and Angela... 4.08P
9.00 a Atlantic Express— Ogdm and Rast. 4.28 i» \u25a0
9.40 a Rlchaaond, Port Co» : ». Martinez
and Wi«t Stations (+Oncord) .... f .48^
] 020 a Vallejo, Dally. Xapa, Sunaay only 743»
10-20aLos Angeles Papneager— Port
Costa. Martinez. Byroa, Tracy,'
Lathrop. Stockton. Hereed.
Raymond, Fresno. Goaben .lime- ->
tlon, Haaford. Lemoore. Viialla,
BakersSsld. Los Angeles 7 OS*
10.20a El PaflO, Kaasaa City. St. Lonls snd
Chicago. 7.0»»-
lI.OOAThe Overland Limited — Omaha,
Chicago. Denver, Kansas City... 5.43p
11.40aNI1«ji, Sao Jone and Wa7 Stations. 243 m
ti-OOP Sacramento Rlrer Steamers ... tI I.OCc
S-20 f Tort Coata, Martinez. By ron.Tracy.
Modesto. Merced. Fresno 12-03»
3-40P Benlela. Winters. Saerameato.
Woodland. Ealghts Landing.
MarysTilie aad OrovtUe 19.48 a \*
1.40P Hay ward. Nile*, and Way Stations 7.43* W
4. 00P Vallejo, Martlaer, Baa Ramoa,
Napa, Callstoffa, Ssata Roaa 1.23*
4.ooP3lles.Traer. Stockton. Lodl 10t8A
4.4opHsyward. KHes. IrTington. Sail 18.48 a
Joie, Llrermore ) tII.4JA
|.00p The Owl Limited— Newmaa, Loa
- Banoa, Mendota, Freino. Tulare,
BalceriSeld. Los Aageles 8.48 a
UQpeoldea State Llmitßd— Kl Paso,
Kansas City. St. Louis aad
Chicago t.4BA
tS-Zflp Hay ward. Miles and Ssa J«5e...... 7.08 a
S-20p Vallejo. Port Costa. Beatots, flal-
soa. Sacramento 11.21 a
IMp Eastern Express— Omaaa, Caleago,
Denver. Kaasas City. Bt. Lou!».
Martlar 2, Btooktoa. Saerameato.
Reno, Bptrici, MonW.lo. Ogdsa .. 1 ?.41»
|-20pH»ywartl, XII ti and Baa Joae 1.48*
7-OOpßeao Passenger— Port Costa. Bi-
aleta. Sulma. Eimtra, Dtxo>,
Davis, Saerameato, Hues, Toaa-
pab, GoldCeld and Keeler 7 33*
700PVa!lejo. Crockett sad Way Sta-
tioas. Saaday only 11-23 a
\u25a0\u25a020p Oregon * California Express— Sac-
ramento. Marysvllle. Itsddlog.
Portland. Paget Sound and East. 8.41 a
•\u25a0OOp Bay ward. Nlles sad San Jose (San-
day only) 111.43 a
COAST LI N E (Sam** Gsa*«).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.1 S Mewarlt. Centervtlle. Saa Joie.
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Crux and Way Station* B.SBP
t2.lBpNewark. Centervtlle. Saa Jose,
New Alanadeß.LosGatos. Felton.
Boolder Creek. Santa Cmi ana
Principal Way Stations fIO.SiA
4.lspNewark. Saa Jote. Loa Gatos.....j : |* j|*
t.4spHnnters Train— (Saturday only)
Saa Jose snd Way Suttons ;7SI»
COAST LINE (Broad tiaace).
qr* (Third and Townseaa Streets.)
{.10a San Jeseand Way Stations... t-W^..^
7.00 a San Jose and Way Stations - 0.43»
8-00aN«w Almtden (Tnei.. rrl.. only).. 4.13" ~
800a The Coaster— San Jose, Salinas.
San Ardo, Pa«o Robles, Saata
Margartts. San Lais Oblspo. BKm
Gaadalape. Gavlots, Santa B*r-
nara, San Baeoareatara.Oxnsrd.
Burbank, Los Aageles 10. J0»
I.OOAOliroy, Bolllster. Pajaro. Csitra-
villf . Del Monte, Pactaa 6rore.
Surf, Lojiooc 10.33*
B.ooa San Jom. Tres Plnos. Wataonvllla,
\u25a0 •.< - Capltola. Banta Craz. Pactae
Grove. Salinas, San Lais Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations 4.105>
10.30*Saa Joie and Way Stations 1-20p>
11 Joa San Jose snd Way Stations 7.40p
Z.ISPSan Jose and Way Sutions. 8.38 a
2 OOP Del Monte Expreis— SanU Clara.
S»D Jose. WationrUle, Santa
Craz. Del Monte. Monterey
Pacific Grove 12.1 5*
t34oPLoaGatos. WrJjht. Boa lder Creek,
Santa Craz, vt» Santa Clara an«
Karrow Gauge 18.45 a
3-30PSonth San Franciaco. Saa Jose
Ollroy. Holtiuer. Tres Plnos 10.45 a
4-30p Saa Joae and Way Stations .: t7.BSA
TSOOPSanta Clara. San Joie. Los Gatos, +9COa
15.30p3anJ9«e and Principal Way Stations |3.40 a
6.46p Sunset Bxnrei*— Redwood, S»n
Jose. GllroT. Sallaas. P»so
Robles, San Lull Obtsso, 8»ou
Barbara, Loa Angeles, Demtag.
El Paso. If ew Orleans ' %.\& A
S-48PX1 Paso. Kansas City. St. Louis.
Ckleag* • in*
8 45pP»J»ro. Wataonvllte. Capltola.
Santa Cms. Caitrovtlle. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove 13-50*
tt-18PSaa Mateo, Uereaford. Belmont.
San Carloi. Redwood, Fair Oaks. ' ~-
Menlo Park. Palo A1t0...... .... +8. 49 a
S.SOpSan Joae and Way Stations... . . 6 JBa
8-OQp Palo Alto sod Way Stations " . 18.15 a
11.J0P South Saa Fraac'ico, MUlbrae.Bnr
Itngame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park and Palo Alto .. . J. 45*
11.30pSatardav> only for Mayfleld. Monn-
Utn View. Sunnyvale. Lawrence.
S»nt* Clara and San Jone 1j.45?-.
OAKLANO HARBOR FERRVT^L
(Foot of MarlteiSO
Dally except Sami ay, 7.10, 9.00. 11.00 >•*•:
1.30.3.30.5.30 p.m.
Sunday only. 7.30 9.00. 10.30 4. m.; 12.00 m.,
1.30.3.00. 4.30. 8.00. 7.30 p.m.
« A for Morning. p for Afternooa.
tSqnday exceated. tSnnday only. 6Mon<J»jo*i/-
IDaOy. mi ttOßi at all ifaqpjft fm tanAMtSPORTS
PAGE
REDSKIN MAKES
A RECORD RUN
Tortes of Sherman Indians
Carries Bali 107 Yards for
a Remarkable Touchdown
TWO PLAYERS INJURED
— -.-^-..^
St. Vincent's Eleven Badly
Routed in Final Content
of Southern California
. LiOS ANGELES, Dec. 23.— Two serious
casualties, «omc spectacular playing, in
. eluding a run cf 107 yards, said to be the
ltngest in ihc- history of football, were
the features of the last gridiron game of
the season in Southern California to-day
between the Sherman Indians and SIT
>meer.fs College, which was won by the
former by the score of 30 to 0.
li. Wllhoot cf St. Vincent's sustained
a broken collarbone and L. Lrtigo of the
Indians had two ribs Emashed. The In
. dians outplayed the local men from the
start, although the score at the end of
the first half was close— « to 0. After the
second half opened the Indians play«-d
• Tvith great speed and determination, an'l
1 their superior weight counted for much
against ih.eir opponents.
On the kickorr at the beginning cf the
second half Andreas for St Vincent's
kicked to the Indians' three-yard line.
••Juries received the ball and started for
tho return run. In the face of aggressive
: «?nd • repeated tacUlcs. but supported by
the must sploncid sort of interference, he
carried the bail across the field and got
completely through the St. Vincent line.
Tf.en. with a clear field, he made a final
'*i,urt for a touchdown, with the whole
fit Id ;n pursuit. He gained it easily, and
tapped his remarkable performance by
: kicking a -perfect goal. The St. Vincents
*<?re disheartened after this play and the
Jrsiians scored three more touchdowns
»:th ease. Xeafus, the star of the In
csan team, was not on the* field to-day.
BIviCKSiAX RETIItS! BEST
GROSS A3TD BfET SCORES
kßaak Baa FranoUco Golfcn Celebrate ChrUt
matt With Two Events on «ke
Inslekide Links.
The members of the San Francisco Golf
and Country Club celebrated Christmas
\u25a0with a double event on the Ingleside
. course. The competition for the -Bogey
- Handicap . cup, L<*os-1906. over eighteen
holes, match play against bogey, was
•won by.H. A. Blackman, who, receiving
6 strokes, came in 4 down, the details
are shown in the table:
• T , Pl f^ e '*- ' Handicap. Dotrn.
«.. A. BlP.ckman 5 , 4
I>r. J. R. Clark 5 ?,
fiht-rwood Hopkins 8 7
Oaptain J. S. Oyster 5 7
\u25a0Vl\ H. La Boyteaux « S
Dr. T. G; McConkey 5 »
R. O. Brown , b jn
Tt, J. Woods it *10
Charles Page 6 n
\u25a0W. J. Duttofl „.. 12 11
6. L. Abbot Jr 2 13
Ik B." Edwards ..; 10 . 13
Leonard Chenerj' 9 14
F-* H. Beaver (handicap 6>. lI. 'C Breed
,*r (handicaps*. C..AY. Bennett (handicap
•,1T» and C F.- Mullins (handicap 9) made
no returns. ; "
The handicap over eighteen hole*, medal
: play, was a3so won by A. Blackman. with
a gross score of S7, less C, net 8L "Prizes
were offered for best gross and net
scores, but the prize for lowest gross
erore only goes to Blackman. It not be
ing the custom to permit one player to
\u25a0 capture bolh trophies. The second best
net score was made by Sherwood Hop
kins. The details are given below.
Competitor*."*'.- ;\u25a0\u25a0';: Gross. Handicap. Net.
*H. A. Bl&ckrr.an ft" 6 Si
Kherwooa Hopkins T. . . "y7 ' 1~0 ' 87
F. H. Beaver .fW> .8 .SS
»:apUin J.- fc. Oyster ;. 34 « RS
It. .G. Brown \u0084.; ft.-, « . . rj
TV. H. La Hi-ytt-eui ... 87 ', --B'' ' TO
Dr. JL R. Clark 05 .. - « ' H»
Charles Pag* 101 t> 33
R..J.* Wood* .-. 103 12 " . X>3
B. I-. Abbot Jr.-'. .< 'M -2 »4
Or. T. <}. McCtonkpy .100- 6 \u25a0 91
:-\u25a0 !-: i Ch'Sa«'ry lia \u25a0 J*. 101
J- "B Edwards • |^I#V
W. J. Dutton : • . 16 ;..
<". W. BtT.nett ...-..-. • 16 ... •
C. K. Muliitu ..:..:.'.:.-.:. • 12
•"No i-etat-na. . '-*''~.
m: m- take another kajll.
." out of sax jose busiier9
When Hal' Cfaaae Cock Into the Box
inelcN Mm Fall to Make
,/; • \u25a0-•'\u25a0. .*-•\u25a0.\u25a0:" Hlt«.
f?AN* JOSE; ' Dec. 25,— Emerson,;, the
•Tacoma .twfrler who was elated to go
In the box' for the San Jose team, was
„ »iiot' in shape to' don a uniform this
Ssfiernoori,' and McGregor, a former
High School pitcher, went in as a sub
" Ktitute. Ht lasted three innings. In
.ihf course of which the. Seals made five
run*. Arrellanea supplanted McGregor
".for two innincs, but was wild and Hal
Chase took hts turn in the box. The
• New York ' American's first baseman
•was a surnrise to the San Francisco
batters and he hr-ld them safe for the
rcPt of the grame. •
Ifitt pitched for the Seals and allowed
- eeften binglcs. ; The g-ame from start
to Ilnish v?ns slow and uninteresting:,
nrithor team playlngr fn Icag'ue form.
- Twice the San Joseans had . the. bases
lull and stood a chance of tying the
•score, but failed through poor stick
.\vujrk. In the 'sixth inninr Spencer, the
Baa Jose second baseman, rapped out
•a liner into the right field, which netted
him three bases, but he failed to ar
rive. The score by innings was as fol
lows: •
Kan Francisco ..3.021000© o—6
- lia*e hit*. 20120001 O— «
t*n Jose 0 1 0 0 2 O O 0 O—3
liaoe hit* O 3-0111 O 01—7
. Battorl*-*— Hitt and Wilson; McGregor^ Ar- j
rr..tr,'..s Cha*e and Kfnt. Umpire— J. Dcyle. j
FOOTBALL IS TRIED IN \u0084
KANSAS' UNDER NEW RULES
.'Wtubbnrn and Fnlrniounl Colleg-c
* - ; Teams Are Unable to Vut Bali
Over tke-Ltne.
WICHITA, Kan.. Dec. 25. — Changes
In football rules to require ten yards
..gain on three downs . and permit Tthe
. foßward pass were tried in a game be
• twfccn Wa*b.burfl' and Falrmount col
ll-ges in this c!ty to-day. Neither side
was able to score, Wasbburn.made the
tea yards' gain only four times and
•;Fairtnount but three. Both'sides^ punt
ed constantly and' the forward' pass
' caused more trick plays and end runs.
Only four times were attempts made
to break through the opposing line and
• these when. there were but two or three
yards to gain.
t John Outlatid of .the Peunsyivania
i team of lg&a eay^ that urw jer-tb«-ten
yard rule no team can score unless
twenty-four points superior- to Its
opponents under the old rules. Heavy
penalties against rough play claused a
Sr*?- 8 ?™ 6 and n6t a player was .In
f*^ It is the general opinion of foot-
SSI Ca who Baw tho Kame that had
. S * f^X been all °wed to make the
ten yards the game would have been as
open aqd would have permitted the ball
tou ha anCed WUh P 0 * 8^""!^ of a
LUBIN WINS THE CHRISTMAS HANDICAP
PROPER IS FURIOUSLY URGED ON BY KNAPP
TO BEAT DR. LEGGO FOR THE PLACE.
CALLAGHAN. RIDDEN BY RADTKE, SHOWS, MARVELOUS SPEED FOR A MILE AND THEN- QUITS
The Call's Racing Form Chart
IXGLKSIDIC. Monday, Dec. 25. — Wenther cloudy. Track jjooil.
H. C. HOPPER. Presiding Judg^. J. J. HOLtMAN. StarterV
St>o3. FIHST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three- yea r-olde and Up; Value to first, $380.
Indezj Horse and Owner. JWtSt. H. V*. %. Str. Fin. j Jockey. . Op! CL
80S2 .[Forerunner. 3 (Fitzgerald) ..]losj 3 ... 4 «J 4% 1 S 1I) Mcßrlde .. 3- 5
8955 IProcrastinate, 5 (Tanner) |103 2 .. 1 I>4ll^l 2^2 n. Radtke .... 4 9
(8946) Olympian, a (J. F. Schorr) ..110 4 ... 2 h 2% 2 1 3 3 Otis . .' . 10 20
8977 TGossiper. 3 (J. Touhey) - ilO3!- 5 ... 3 2^3 1 3 n 41H T. Clark .. 7-5.1,
(89«9)ISt£T. Towers. 6 (Stockton St.)|lo7j 7 ... 5n61 0 254 TUiague .... .4 11-2
S9m JLady Bimbo, 5 (H. Edison) \u0084flO4 « ... 6 3 040 3 6 h T.' Stewart:. T' 2o : 100 .'
6982 |lly Order, 3 (H. E. Rowell) ..! !>t 8 ... 8 8 7%7n Satidy ' ..... 12 12
8903 IDora I. ii (J. Ryan) |107j 1 ... 7 3 7 % 8 8 |L. Wlllianw 8 20
Time, :24, :45%. 1:15. At post i% minutes. Off at 2:OS?i. Fcrerunnerj place, S-5; show,
7-10. Procrastinate, place, 3; show. C-5. OlymDian. »ho«\ 5-2. Winner br. c. by St.
Carlo-Installatrlx. Trained by J. H. Tohipklr.son. Scratched— The Roustabout, Chest
nut. Start good. Won all driving hard.' Highest price — My Orde», 15. Mcßrlde rode a
patient, well-judged race on winner. a«4 Santa Claus rewarded him. Procrastinate' was
a bit *->re zolr.e to the post, his only' excuse; Track putted Olympian. Sterllnt Tow
ers hunc up her Btocklncs and found a gold brick In one. Ride with her next_tlme,
if the company isn't too swell. Showine of Gossiper too difficult of solution. Sandy ,
could not do justice to Jly Order. Dora I has cone back. ' ' : \u25a0 - - ' "
8004. SECOND RACE — Futurity course; purse; two-year-olds; value to flret, $325, -.?7y
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWt'Et. 'A. ,%. %. Sir. Fin. Op. Cl.
8954 jDr. (B. Schrelber) . . ICS 1 ... 11 1 2!jl 2 12% Radke .... ft-5 1
8^22 iNaga«am <W. B. Jenning?) .. ITO 5 ... 2 1 2 l"-2 3 2 1 Knapp 4 6
89iU tlm Joe <\V. G. Tanke)' 1112 4 ... 3 S 3 1 3% 39 h. Williams 10 15
80SS jst. Fran>ig (Murr>- & Co.) ..Jll2 3 ... 42 4n4h 4n Mcßrlde .. 5 8
(BtUC) Father Cfttchem *i*teub«>nbord)!ll2i 2 ... 5 'J',45 8 6"10 5 15 Otis 11-5 3
5964 jWamrtieel <C. Waterhouse) \u25a0 -UO2| ii ... 6 6 C 6 Robinson .. 20 40
Time. :24V-. -:40. 1:12. At post 7 4 minutes. Oft at 2:42. Gardner, place, 1-3: show, 1-6.
Nepazam. place, 8-5; show. 3-5; Joe, ohow, <j-5. Winner, b. c. by BannockbUrn-Harda.
Trained by H. R Brandt. Statt eood, Won easily. Balance driving. Highest orice^ —
NaesEam, <J. I>r. Gardner had Rueed and that is all thai could be asked for. Nagazam
Uoe» not like the track. I'm Jce ran his race.. St. Francis behaved badly at the post.
Father Catchem also raised a rcush hou»?. finally bearing olit at the start and almost
taking the fence -with him. Warwheel will beat cheaper ones. :
SiK>s. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlonge; purse; 3-y.-o. and up; value to first. $325.
Indexl Boree iand Owner. IWtJSt. W. %. %• Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
«>5«" I Andrew B. Cbok, 4 (F. Ellis). lll4' 4 ... 1 2>41 2%1 I^l I&|F. Kelly .. C-5 4-s''
89»4 jPrin Whieler, 3 (Jennings).. 106 3 ... 2 2 2 1>42 U2h Knapp (S 16-8
SSS4 jßomaine, 5 (Scharetg & Co.)illl 0 ... 4 I^3 1%3 5 310 T. Clark .. 5-2 4
8»2» Pontotoc, 3 (Keene Bros.) JlO2 1 ... 56 5 104 2%4 5 Radtke .. . .10 .80
8757 jFunnyside, 4 (G. P. McNell)|lC7 7 ... 0 2 C IV4« 2 52H T. Sullivan : 15" ; 80
K«C Ar.dvari, 3 (B. J. Hocper) ... 104 5 ... 3%4 Vj 5 1%6 1% P. Phillips. 100 200
HKS ILecturtr, a (J. J. Coalter). .|IIO 2 ... 7 1 7 2 7 2 7 1 T. Stewart. 100 -400
.... JKing Maker, ft (J. H. Spratt)llo6 S ... 8 8 8 8 Herbert ... 00 100
Time — :24',2, 49.4, 1:OS$J: At post 3' minutes. Off at 3:07^. Cook, . place*, 1-3; show, out.
• Wheeler, place, 4-6;. show, . 1-4. Romain«, *how, 2-5. Winner, b. h. by Brutus-All
Smclte. Trained by L. Stevens. Scratched — Dr. Zieggo. Start good. Won all driving.
. HiKheft price — Lecturer COO. Andrew B. Cook was lucky. He d' 4 not bear out to-day
until the paddock was reached. With -an intelligent ride Itomalre would have won ; by
htaiself. Clark ran him Into a pocket when there waft no occasion for 1L •H» escaped
too late. Pontotoc outclassed. F"unnyslde out*for an airing. She will Improve. Others
. outclassed. ' ' ; -\u25a0 _ •
SO9G. FCURTH RACE — One and a quarter mllt-s; Christmas Handicap; three-year-olds and
up; value to first, $3105.
Index) Horse and Owner. ~Wt!St. 'A. %. %. Str. Fin. |_ Jockey. Op. a.
P072 'Lubin ~R (W. . W. Elliott) 107 3 68 5155 20 1 IHI 5 Treubel ... 6 10
(W>5C) Proper. 5 <W. B. Jennings)... 124 1 2.«; 3ii 2 n 3% 2 n Knapp .... 3-5 13-20
(8246) IDr Lcgpo, 3 (C. McCafferty) . . 118 4 4 2^4 6 4% 4 2 30 - Mcßrlde .. 6 6
<S33«)'Cai]af?han, 3 (J. C. Xealon).. 114 2 14 12 1 1V42 n 4 5 Radtke .... 5-2 13-5 '
8«67 iNigrette. 5 (W. B. Jennlnga).. 98 5 »5 2 3^3 2 520 5 10 Robinson .. " •
89S0 jVcterano, 5 (Multnomah) {104 6 6. 0 6 6 C V.A. JAcksn 80 30
Time— :24 :4S»i, 1:13*4. l:4Hi, 2:06. 7 At' post 8% minutes. Off at 3:38^4. Lubln, place,
6-2- show. 3-3. Proper, place and show, out. Leggo, thow. '4-5. Entry betting coupled—
Place 2-9. *how out. Winner, eh. g. by LaKarone-Tarant*lla. Trained by W. W. El
liott Scratched — Grazlallo, Ban Primo, Gloomy Gus, Rightful. Stan good. Won easily.
Balance driving. Highest . price — Dr. Leggo 9, Veterano 40. Callaghan an added starter.
I^i'.un ran like a horM that had received a very skillful preparation, .displaying , form he
•was not supposed to poss«ss. Moving up from the rear he ran past Proper when straight-.
• ened for home, aa If the latter had been tied up to the quarter pole.- Callaghan left
a trail or smoke behind him for a mil*. Nljrrette performed her part aa pacemaker. \u25a0-. Dr.
tttggo ran a superb race at his :flrst attempt and with a race under his belt would have
been a hard nut to crack. *Coupled with Proper aa' Jennings entry.
8907. FIFTH RACE— One mile and 100 yd«.; telllnei 8-y-o and tip; value 'to first, $328.
Icdexl • Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. %,. %. %. Btr. Fin. ( Jockey, %pp. a.
(S^'fTirlPtinc A, 5 (Davles &. Co.). 1102 52% 2 % I^2 12 1 3 W. Bmlth.. 2 11-5 '
W* IH McOowan- 4 (tt. Rowell).. 105 a 4 h 4 V, 3 I^2 «' 2n • Knapp .... 3 14-6
W74) VVarte Nlcht, « (Wilk*rson). .101 3 0 2 3 1%4 2 4 2>43 3 Bock ...... 10 20
Sif.f,)'Buchanan, 3 (B. Schrelber)... 1W 4 1 2^l 2 2 n 3^4 1H Radtke ..:. • 2 13-5 ,
«tf«% 'Hooligan; 3 (D. B. Fountkin). 103 1. fl C 5% 55 57 Fountain.. 6..*».2 .
(8C!»);Lone Wolf. 3 (R. R. Hlce Jr.). 104J 0 5'3%5 2. 6 6. 6 L. Williams 10 -15 j
Tim*— ">4»i -49U 1:1« 1:42, 4:47%. At post " Vt minute. Off at 4:C0%. Christine, plac« #
Ts'sliow' 1-3. McGCwan, place. 1: show. 1-2. Warte Nlcht, show, 8-6. Wlnn-r eh. ,'
m by Ornus-Leonell. Trained by ,T. A. Davles. Scratched— lnk. Start good. 7 Won
mkllv Balance driving.- Highest prlc!e— Christine 3. Winner best; THugh McGowan
ran do better over Oakland track. Warte ' Nicht did well: \u25a0 Buchanan 'prefers Bloppy
itolnfr. Hooligan carried a stable commission, but could not make good. Lone Wolf a
.-•".inu'd horse. \u25a0\u25a0 . ..-:\u25a0'\u25a0 ' • '\u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0 -.'\u25a0 ' : • - -'-'' \u25a0 \u25a0''- " 7 •-\u25a0''"'. 7-. 7
[ StiOH. SIXTH RACE — Slat furlongs; purse; three-year-olds and up; valueto first. $400.
]T-£7j • How and Owner. ' IWtjSt. K. %. %.-Str. Fin. ( ; Jockey.-:. q p . q. '
R^ii ißubv 3(W B. Jennings) 97 2 ... 1 h 1% 1 1 1n v Robinson.. 3 5-2
t^'ft imui'Eyca i 4 (P. Sheridan)..". 101 4 ... 4^21 2 ,1%2 3 Fountain .. r->lO 15
C V (Jones &Lusk).... 107 1 ... 3 2^4 43 3.3 7 L. Williams 5-2 16-5 .- \
i^t n^-lrh'tcd 3 (Lee & 50n).... 104 » ••• C 6 5 .4 4: P. Phillips. 10 ;15
(^)!Eargln/4 (B Schreiber) UP 3 ... 223h 4 2 5 Radtke^... 6-5 6-6
_^^\u0084I S, .4014 1-14 U. At post 5 minutes. Off at 4:28. Kuby, place. 4-5; show,ll-3.\~:
RUieEy'es place. 4;lhow. I. DelaKoa;.show. 1-3. Winner, eh. f.Uy Star Ruby-Hemera.- 7
Tramcd by W^B. Jenningk \u25a0 Stcratchcd— Judge. -Start good. all driving.- Highest
i^i_r»ftr»ln '13-10 RUby had speed and stood a long, hard drive. - Blue TEyes ha3. been
f™f^i for Oie sprintlnß game, and likes it. De!agx>a has gone back. Beknlghted, won't
d^in his present fo?m. Darrln drew the inside position and had to ? tnrvel in the poor
eoine He stopped, to nothing. • 7 , •
ERRATA— Race 8977 Blumenthal .119, 8953 Lone Wolf .105, 8066 Procrastinate 119.
SULLIVAN FAILS TO WIN " _-
ENGLISH; ATHLETES. OVER
NEW YORK. X>ec. 25.— James.E.- Sul
livan, secretary- treasurer, of the Ama^
teur Athletic Union, returned yesterday
on- the -steamer New York from Lon
don, where he went about a month
ago on business. V When ', leaving:., here
it 9*& Sullivan's intention to try to in-
> . . ..,.'\u25a0..' \u25a0 .. - 1 *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY; ;DEGEMBER2«, 1905.
auco the Kngilsti Amateur \u25a0\u25a0 Athletic As
sociation to ; form an :alllancewithrthe
A.- A. U., but this plan' was partly-frus
trated by the ~ ; illness^of'^Charles Her
bert,; secretary.* of the '1 English I organi
zation - About three weeks Vago Her
bert'•; met;- with an accident .by? falling
off \a* bus In . London. > and .ever since : : he
has been : unconscious. I Sullivan
to visit' England- agalnf In ; tftei spring;
and " the alliance * may. then be - formed/:
GAME LITTLE "ST. LOUIS HORSE WHO EASILY OUTRAN- PROPER AND DR. LEOGO IX THE MAIN EVENT YESTERDAY
AT THE INGLESIDE TRACK, AND A SECTION OF THE GAY CR<SWD IN THE GRANDSTAND JUST BEFORE VIC
TQR CAME UNDER WIRE.- ,
Great Holiday Throng Bets Recklessly
on the Events at Ingleside.
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
\u25a0 , ~ \u25a0 \u25a0 . ' - - \u25a0 " "
Lubin, a 10 to 1 shot, with Treubel in
the saddle.' defeated Proper for the
Christmas handicap at Ingleside track
yesterday with such ridiculous ease that
it looked as if the giant horse from the
Jennings stable might have. been trudg
ing along in the Erie-cahal boat service.
The result was bitterly disappointing td
the big holiday throng, and an immense
crowd ,lt assuredly was. Aa a' general
rule, the, visionary newspaper man. has no
compunctions in stating .that twenty
thousand saw Luke McGlook smash glass
balls with wooden boxing gloves when
two thousand would, answer as well. But
at a conservative estimate 8000 persons,
San Francisco reckoning, viewed the out
sider's unexpected victory.
As on all of his previous unsuccessful
essays, the palm was handed to Proper
before he had won It. Allotted 134
pounds, the big fellow ran coupled in the
betting with Nigrette, and the pair closed
at 13 to 20. Lubln had 107 pounds to nego
tiate and/hl3 price went from 6 to 10. Dr.
Leggo remained a 6 to 1 chance* it being
the \u25a0 craclc three-year-olds first appear
ance this season, and besides 118 pounds
looked ample to shoulder. Callaghan,, the
added starter, piloted by Radtke, came in
for steady backing at 13 to 5.
With only /=a .trifling delay, Jake Hol
man the 'sextet away to a good
start. Proper, showed : first, but Callaghan
almost Immediately assumed the leading
position. For nearly' a' mile the Nealon
speed consumer showed ; heels to the
bunchi and then they closed on him.
PROPER PASSED BY XiVBIN.
For an instant Proper, led as the field
made* the v bftnd for the wire, -and the
hopes of 'the favorite's backers rose^ high,
only- to drop just' as "quickly. Treubel
called on Lubin and the St. Louis horse
falriy v flew and, . ' passing . Proper, won
easily -by five lengths in 2:06. Only by.
dint of much vigorous urging did Knapp"
place Proper over the line second, & heck
In /advance of Dr. Leggo. ; The race was
worth" t3li)s'to;the -winner. ,"
Favorite^ succeeded . In i» holding their
own, capturing three of i the numbers on
the card. The 'betting ring held' a vast
throng: and the booklet could handle all
the money; they wished, to : reach 'out fof.
; :. The opening three-quarter mile sell
ing: t dash saw .. Gossiper linstalled 7 ". a
pronounced . favorite. •\u0084 Her. "chances
looked so inviting' that the smart ones
unllmbered almost . to , a man." Tommy
Clark took the; fllly- down on the 'rail,
where the footing was six 1 inehesdeep,
and.' she drew a blank. Forerunner, a
6 to 1 chance : well : handled. byJMcßrifle,
beat * procrastinate out' a l head /at the
v wlre. •;; Olympian ' was third. \u25a0v£§^lßst»SßfiB
Barney Schreiber's clever colt iDr.
Gardner, took " the.' t twp-year-old event,
decided •, ;, over V the ''-.-\u25a0' Futurity. . course.
Radtke- sat In the saddle and the books
were v forced to rub 6 ; to: s/. The^Ban^
nockburn"youngster made all the pace,
and won /easily from /,the ".; Jennings
entry Nagazam.', I'm Joe finished third.
ANDREW B. COOK ROMPS HOME.
It -was ; finally up to hand
riding < Kelly to put 7Andrew B. Cook
over ' the .; plate'"a h winner. ; : From^ the
manner ' in ; which > the ? coin^.; passed" lnto
theyringr'at"; scant' odds; on the ? "bush
champion," jit > looked i like : a : one -f horse
race.V Suchv ltiproved : to;be." for^Cook
led": from; tho .start and thqushiPriiicess
.Wheel err * mayo have 3 prbved .•\u25a0'( a:i trifle
bothersome" at -the dose he lfed the ;flily
out' more than a length. Romalne, mis
erably 1 fiddfen,' ran into the show.
An enfilading sort of play on the half
dozen starters in the mile and one hun
dred-yard selling fixture kept the ring
guessing: Buchanan, Hugh McGowan,
Hooligan and Christine were all stanch
ly supported. The sharpshooters ulti
mately leveled on the last named
mare, and she brought home the
money. T;he track is not hard xnough
for Hugh McGowan, but under dis
couraging circumstances Knapp drop
ped the Ilowell horse in second, a neck
before Warte Nicht. Hooligan at no
stage flattered his admirers with a ray
of hope. .
: No doubt a wing and two or three
bones looked awful good to those un
fortunate enough to. unload on Dargin,
favorite for the last, when they reach
ed town. Barney Schreiber's sulker
drew the inside position, and there was
nothing left for Radtke but to tramp
along on the rail,. where the going was
poorest. 'Dargin was whistling down
brakes by the/tlme the turn for the
wire had been reached. Rub,y, a hot
tip from the stable of Walter Jen
nings,. disposed of Blue D^es in a fierce
drive. The show' went to Delagoa.
NOTES OF THE 3 TRACK.
Treubel, who rode the handicap
winner, it la understood, was presented
with $500 by W. \V. Elliott, owner of
Lubln. '". v
Cruzados, and Bearcatcher are b.ick
at Ingleside after their pilgrimage to
Los Ang-eles. Garnet Ferguson says
he had' a -pleasant and remunerative
trip and Trainer Tom Cook has no ex
cuses to offer for Crutftdos. .
• Keene Bros, have disposed of Rpstic
Lady to Harry Mack.
"Packey" Ryan has about decided to
breed the grand mare Honlton to Yel
low Tall. : ' :\u25a0>\u25a0 .
The Sierra Nevada Stable is experi
encing a run of 11? luck. 7 Sea. Lad and
Soufriere are both shelved- with bowed
tendons and Bill Mackey \u25a0 recently
picked up a nail. ••
City Park Hcaults).
NEW ORLEAKS, TDec. 25.— City Park re
suiu: 7/ \u25a0;-•••.. /7 • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- ;\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ...
'First race, mile :and three tlxteenths — Narae
okl: won, -; Evasklll second. Glisten third. Time*
_ Second race, five and \u25a0 a half ; furlongs— Royal
Legend , won,' Precious ' Stone second Th«: Lau
rel third. Time. 1:12.
Third i race, mile and ' an eighth, Christmas
handicap— Foreigner -won, ' Ivanhoe second.
Thistledo tWrd. \u25a0: .Time,* 2:ol 3-6.
- Fourth race, five . f urlonss— Ezra ' won. Red
Ruby second," Margaret: Angela third. Time/
1:00 1-5. v £ a .; : -:. : ... •.-, \u25a0 •: ' .\u25a0 -,
j \u25a0 Fifth -race, on* \u25a0: mll« and a slxteenth—^At
tila won. \u25a0 Adeeso tecond. Gloncare . third. Time,
1:56. -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. ..';•.- ". -: ; /-.-. \u25a0.\u25a0 \u25a0' .}.•..-. . :;.,•.\u25a0 - .).
'Sixth race, five .' furlongs— Knickerbocker'
won, Welsh second. Balshot third. Time,
1:05 4-5. -{-- '
Crescent ' City ResultM.
; NEW Dec. 25.— Crescent^ City
results: '\u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0;...' .\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0:\u25a0' \u25a0-\u25a0'> \u25a0\u25a0--:--\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0-.'• . \u25a0:, •\u25a0\u25a0.. \u25a0; >. . \u25a0
• Fifst race,' five and a half furlongs — Investor
won. Gallant second, 'Simplicity third. Time
1:084-6.;; O •\u25a0•.-\u25a0. -r \u25a0 ' -\u25a0 '•:. .
J Second trace; five and a. halt furlongs— For
master .won, Paul Clifford second, Turnover
thirdVrr Time, 1 :09 4-5. \ . - -
•-' • Third < race. ; five \u25a0 furlongs — Cousin • Kate won,
' Marvel i"P Becond, Deux Tetnpa- third.:' Time,'
1 :03 1-3.' "•» : yl~- , -• - .
:,VFourth: race,- Christmas i" handicap, - mile ,and .
a sixteenth^— Ben- Hooder ; won,- Phil Finch 'sec
ond.tartan;third/-Time,': 1:50. . •
• • Fifth- race. mil&*-Csrtain Bob , won, : Ruth \V
wcond. 1 Ijady-Ellleon third.; Time, 1 :45 2-5.
'\u25a0- Sixth.r ace, * mite alid an ' eighth — Nones r won, \u25a0\u25a0
Los - Ang:el«Tno ' second,' := fidward r Hale -:. tbird.
Time. 1:53 3-5. . "-. .---\u25a0• 77 •-.: y'--J^ r'S\-'-^r 'S\-'-^
SELECTIONS MADE
ON FORM SHOWN
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
Flrnt race Qneen Uee, Aronella,
Dovcllkc.
Second rare— Grasscatter, Tom Me-
Grnfh, Pro-nlncnoe.
Third race — <s>aitliy knne, Cardinal
Sartft, Sprnker Pontana.
Fourth race — Isabelltn, Ray, Water
car p. .
Fifth race— l'ossnrt, Ed Sberldan.
Liberto. \
Sixth race — Oyrnnerdale, The Lieu
tenant, Eleven Dellii.
BIG FIELDS TO-DAY
IN THE SIX RACES
The fields at Ingleside to-day ar©
large, and wear o most open look.
There will probably be several sur
prises. .-
Following are the entries:
•First race— Five and a half furlongs, maiden
two-ycaf-old fillies, purse. '
BW7 Avonella (Millin) io«
KlO7 Angle Studdert iStephenson).... 100
5845 Slsa (EJlerd> ....: io«
&&S7 Suavlta (Blalock) 112
..... Nitita (Kern> iog
SiM.l* Qu«*n Hto (Clifford) H2
8975 NVttle Hick* (Burtrer & Co.) 10rt
-.... Oleander (Hand) iotf
£957 Dovellke (El Primero Stable) I<W
.... Slcyon (Stevens) iod
.... Mill Song (Ketri ...... :.;:.......... .106
8927 Petaluma (Stov«r) iOO
Second race — Futurity course, two-year-olds,
•ellfng.
897 ft "Chief WJttman (McLau?hlln>... 95
5«22 Bellona (Hoag) «
&SSS Promlneno'e (McCSffmy) ...1.-..".. ...103
eSWI- Wtttdhful (Stevens & Son) i<jo
SQ9B 'Tom McOrath (Schreiber> 112
5075 *St..'.Volm» (Jackson) ..; ........101
SO7Q Grasscutter (Ryan) 100
B(*3 Iron Watson (Sfanfleld) .-........:... 100
»»"» 'Swagger <B!alocft) w t ... 95
(8075>Bftkersfleld (Murry) , .100
S:)7'i Cascade of Diamond* (Ramsey) 100
5370 Legal Forrt (Judge) ..1........ jny
Thtrd race— Six fnrlongs. by subscription.
three-year-olds and Up,. selling.
SiMS Nabonassar (Gray & Ct>.).... ...... ...103
DR.HOLSMAN Sc GO.
729 MARKET ST.yS.F., Top Floor. Hours, Bto 8 Dally; Sundays, 9to 12
;°v . :^ ?^ s , ' ° '.-.? We are Specialists rop Diseases and
• Weaknesses or MEN, and MEN ONLY..
j We know J u^ wtiat can do, and se
§?"S&-''^»' havBSUCII npm confidence in our NEW
\u25a0 f ' : i©r ( -W METHODS and TREATMENT that we
; i^u fc/ are -willing to cure our. patients under
Vb&U vL an absolute Guarantee of
- USTIL- CURED! ; We Mean Ikh Most Emphatically. It Is for Ton-for Ewrjlwtfc- ' j
C 3 ] Lost Vltaflty Restored '(iccording to age! 14 to 60 DAYS.
tC5^ Special Diseases (recently contracted), 4 D AYS. /
CVI- "VariCOCele (without an operation). 10 to 30 DAYS.
-—- Blood Poison (no mercury or potashX 30 to 90 DAYS.
•<s ;J'Kitt.*EY AIMS BLADDER JROUSLCS (eltheticute or JuoiucX 15to40DAYS.
~ CONSULTATION . FREE; AND INVITED.- Write. If yoa cannot call. AD «w^
apondonce ttrlctly^ confidential : and \u25a0; all rapHo sent In plain cnvolopea. , ." *...-:
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
EUGENIA BURCH
HAS THE SPEED
Cahies 128 Ponnds and Is
Soon Ahead of Field in
the Hollywood Handicap
BACKED TO EYES MONEY
Ten Thousand Spectators in
Attendance to Witness the
Kunning of a 'Great Card
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 24.— Eugenia
Burcb showed to-day that she Is a great
mare by taking up 12S pounds and win
ning the Hollywood handicap at a mile
and a sixteenth from a good Hold of eight
other horses. The mare was favorite in
th« betting, going down from six to Av4
to even at post time. From a position
back of the entire field at the half-mils
post Eugenia Burch gradually closed up
ground and when enca straightened out
for the stretch, ran over her held one by
one by a length without beitlgf urged. Re
tropaw ran a splendid race and was sec*
ond, a neck uv front of Varieties, which
showed much spe^l early In the race.
The card at Ascott to-day was about
the best thug far this season and ten
thousand people were in attendance. Two
favorites only were successful, but alt the
winners were well supported in the
twenty-seven books catering to the bettins
public. .Weather fins, truck fast- Re
sults:
First rat, one mile— t>U?He; 03 <Jtnter), 3
to 2. won; Kublana. 98 iMc&ttn'.eD. S to 1.
second; Chickadee. )04 <Suluv*n>. 10 to . 1.
third. Time. i:! - Kiuman. Hersian. Lady
Kispar. Exfipo. Pyrrfto, Alderman Batt. Ke
ilesia an£ Hi Donosc'algo ran.
Second race. Qve furlongs — Hester ' W fus
(JJcDaniel), 7. to 1. won; Nestnesa, 102 (Mil
ler), 1 to 2, second: Lotta Gladstone, lu7*
(Doyle). 10 to 1, third. Time. I:(K>H. Bu«t-'
\u25a0ins Silk, Silver Sue. Marpessa, Clizabetn.'
Rezia. Eabo li, Daruma, <et<l Cake and W**-
Lass also ran. i
. Ttair'l race-, five and a bait furlong*— Cello,
100 (Kunz), 5 to .1. won : Macumber, 8? (il?-.
DanUl>. 17 to 10, seeon.l- Bantam, 97 <Scha£C-'
ncr), 3 to 1, third. Time. 1:07 $j. Sir Caro-'
tbers and Bannoeence also ran. \u25a0 \u25a0' • '
Fourth race, Hollywood handicap. lISSO
added, ona and a sixteenth miles— Eugerjia
Burch. J2S (Buchanan),, even, won; Retroraw,,
93: (Harri3), 20 to 1. second; Varieties, 101
(Preston). « to 1. third. Time, 1:46%. El-
Otros^ Workman, licrgb«si, Dek&bcr. Sa:s and
Hermitage also ran.
Fifth race, handicap., sev^n furlongs — Hans
Wagner. 115 ,(Ougan). 7 to 2, won; Toupee,
ICS (WiUy). even, second: Drtiid. 103 fMortar-
Ity). 7 to 2; third. Time. 1:27^. Capltanxo.
>iew Mown Hay and Graceful also ran.
Sixth race* one mile — Del Coronado. 93
(Moore). S to 1. won; Gllden Ueht. 103 (Mil
ler). 2 to 1. second; The Hugenot, 97 (Schaft
ner). 4 to 1. third. Time. .1:41^. Freeslas,
Golden Buck. Alonso and 3t. WUda also ran.
TERRITORIA^ FAIR OPEXS
WITH SOME GOOD SPORT
Arizona Plainsmen Tarn Oat In Force
and See Seldon Wilkes Take
the 2:13 Pace.
PHOENIX. A. T., Dec. 25.-The first
Territorial Fair was opened to-day, to
last all week. The weather is splendid
and the estimated attendance was 6000.
There Is a large exhibit, of all kinds of
livestock, textile fabrics and of the edu
cational work of schools, from the dis
trict school to the university. There 1* a
fine racing programme. The best ttm«
to-day was 2:12V4, made by Seldon Wilkes
in the 2:13 pace, $400 purse. Zombow
yetta, by Zombro, won the 2:14 trot. $1000
purse, the best heat being 2:ls'i- Bessie
Me, owned by W. C. Greene, won the 2:27
trot; purse $400, doing two heats In 2:21«4.
There were also two good running races*
The big event to-morrow Is the one In
which Hazel Patch, Zolock and others
will trot In the Blsbee stake.
"The Hassaycamp" is (he name of the
amusement section, similar to **Tha
Pike." and is lively with all sorts Of
shows.
•J ' V
-U0 Gil Bias (Shannon) 109
S9-M) Phaon iCoffey) < 107
8052 Smttfty Kane (Hall & MarsSall) ....... M»>
SC&7 Standard (Itam«y) .....104
S3«J3 *Gallce (Blaloca> .03
5507 Estraza <Ohlopek) I<H
5035 Sieel Wire (Scharetg) 100
SSSO Cardinal Sarto (Summers) ....'(HI
8C57 Brennuji (Judßf> ..«-.;.10«
8991 Q»iz II tAiarneda Stable) 104
BSS7 Coll»en Dftaa iXealon) 100
896.1 El Pllolo (Hoag) 104
S29tTJerusha <En«strora> ...ICS
5052 Speaker Fontana (Schrelber) 100
Fourth race — One and a quarter miles, sell
ing, four- year-olds and up:
S97S Ray (Durfcer) X*
8985 Watercur* <Sto»rer> 10T
S»7S Expedient (Tftoma«) 103
$.940 Jack LlUl* (White & Ca) 100
S9S3 Isabellt* (Crane) ...107
J>ol9 *Ora McKlnney (Davies> ... ......... 05
856.1 Ledus (Howt Stable) ................100
5073 Allopath (Laraasney Bros.) ..........109
SSH7 H! Caul Cap (Sheridan) Jf>o
SOW Royalty (Green) ..ICO
Fifth race— One mile; selling; three-year-okl*
and 127: •\u25a0. \u25a0
XffS Love I.*1 .* Labour (Haxlett) 10T
SM3 *Ma.cene (Rowell) 9S
£980 Llberto (Baldwin) lot
89(u> Prcstano. (Martin & Co.) *...IC7
SOS 2 *Fury (McNeil) 98
SOSO Silurian <Lama«n»y Bro».) till
53.45 *H. P. Kane (Hennessy ....102
S'.tts Pi«=9art (Davids) ..110
SOS", Montana Peeress (Chffey) "...." .'. % . 107
SOT 9 Ed Sheridan fSchreiber) ...... VH
S9S2 SponaooMx (Joms & Lusk) ICS
8953 Joyner (Burnett) IC6
Sixth race — One mile; soiling; t&ree.year.
olds and up:
59«3 Lorida (Davis & Co.) ........ 8«
(6OSO)Byrocerdaie (Crane) ,11.5
8947 "Eleven Bells (Davles) .............. 9.'
80SO •JackfulJ (McNeil) ICS
89T9 Baker (Ramsey) 1 .... ;..;... ..IC3
M&l Ethel Abbott (Nell) .....ltd
SBS7 Yellowstone (Fine) \u0084..103
S9S7 Duelist (Rice) .... 100
S3SO Angelica (Clifforft) .'. ..-....". ft 9
iS944)The Lieutenant (Stover) .110
<5977)80b Rayon (Summers &, C0.).. ...... .106
8950 *Hilee (Elliott) 95
\u2666Apprentice allowance.*
1314
COLLINS WANTS
MORE TROUBLE
Preparing to Proceed Against
the District Attorney With
Contempt of Court Charges
ALSO AFTER A JUROR
Sayjs That Moritz Conn Had
'3lind 3lade Up to Convict
: Him When He Took Oath
' Yesterday web a comparatively un
ej-entful day in th« life of George D.
Collins, who was recently on trial for
alleged perjury, and about whose guilt
the jury disagreed. The late defendant
spent the sweater pa rt of the day en
joying hi» rest. He put In an hour,
however. In preparing affidavits for
the Judge,. In which axe embodied re
quests for citations for various per
tins connected with his recent prose
cVitidn, and he demands their punlsh
xnent for contempt of court. These
affidavits will be heard before Judge
Lawlor to-day.
Collins declares that the failure of
\u25a0U;e recent prosecution to «stablleh his
grullt will result In trouble for his al
leged persecutors and that some of
them may exchange places with him
In regard to being out on balL He
say£ he will endeavor to have one of
his recent Jurors that stood for ac
culttal swear out a for the
arrest of District Attorney Bylngton
on a charge of criminal libel and that
fee personally will ask for Byington's
punishment for contempt.
Collins' resentment goes still fur
ther and his wrath now falls upon «x
j Juryman Moritz Cohn, for whose pun
ishment for contempt Collins will ask.
Ochn declared at the time he was
qualifying to serve for a Juror that
he had formed no opinion regarding
the case ajid could give an impartial
hearing. Collins says that D. J. Smith
ci 1946 Jackson street Is ready to
•wear that Oohn told him before the
was chosen that he. Cohn, ln
.aended to get on the Collins jury in
ior£er to convict the defendant. In-
Qulry for Smith reveals that there Is
sjo house at the number mentioned.
• Yesterday afternoon District Attor
.'ney Bylngton and Hiram Johnson, who
•was associate counsel for the prosecu
tion during the trial, held a long and
s*oret talk in the District Attorney's
ofllfcs at the Hall of Justice and at
Its" conclusion said that nothing of im
portance was discussed. The District
..Attorney is awaiting Collins' first move
in th*e matter of the contempt proceed
ings and says he is ready to meet the
e c-Jurf<y attorney at any point.
„ X merry Christmas to our friends. Edward
o Kfiowles Co.. Superior Printers, 24 Second. •
Die* From Carbon-Monoxide.
All unidentified man who was taken
' frpm the in-bound Monterey express
c on December 19 to the City and County
Hospital suffering from Inhaling car
bon-monoxide, died at the City \u25a0 and
County Hospital yesterday morning.
Kotblng was known about the man.
but in his pockets was found a receipt
for a daily newspaper of this city in
'the name of G. A. Harding. He "was
about 25 years of age. The hospital
i authorities did not know where the
» patient had inhaled the gas. The body
was taken to the Morgue.
llatt a Good Time and Dl««
William Sehofield. a barber at 1202
Alabama street, was found dead in his
room at 122S Alabama street by his
landlady, Mrs. S. O'Hearn. shortly after
_. S o'clock yesterday morning. His head
was buried in a large bowl and he
f< had evidently been suffocated. He
. was looked upon as a sober man. but
told his friends that he was going to
have a good time this Christmas. The
• body was removed to the Morgue. He
was 35 years of age and unmarried.
PRISONERS HAVE TURKEY OTXXER.—
Th'r prisoners at the County Jail on Broadway
were given a dinner yesterday, comprising tur
. key and mine* pie. There are at present 132
prisoners in the Jail.
APrEJcnsEaiEyTS.
tCZEMA ON
BAB-V BOY'S FACE
a
•' Tried Many Remedies Without Any
Benefit— Used Cuticura and Was
• Helped at Once— Now Picture of
• Health— Cure Permanent,
CUTICURA REMEDIES
WORK WONDERS
" As I was reading the daily paper I
law a testimonial ol one of your per-
manent cures by the Cuticura treat-
ment. I knoyr by experienc* your
medicine is all it claims to be. I had a
baby boy three months old and eczema
broke out on his head and face: I tried
several kinds of medicine without any
benefit, and then decided to try Cuticura.
I oould see an improvement atonce, and
in "a very short time he •was entirely
healed. He is now three years old and
a picture of .health, thanks to your
great remedies. One of my neighbor's
children was also cured by the use of
Cuticura. She came to me to ask what
1 used for my baby, and I was more
than ready to recommend Cuticura, be-
cause of the epeedy cure of my baby.
She found the same result that. I did.
Oigned) Mrs. Lottie Verage, The
Brunswick, Rhinelacder, Wis., May
21, 1905."
CURED OF PIMPLES
" It gives me great pleasure to testify
to the merits of the Cuticura Remedies.
I have tried several treatments for the
blood and complexion, but none gave
entire satisfaction as did the Cuticura
treatment. I advise all to give it a fair
trial. My face was always fiyed with ).
pimples and red sores until I used Cuti-
cura. (signed) Wm. H. Brown, Cov-
ington, Ky., May 22, 1905."
ANOTHER CURE
"Cuticura Soap and Ointment cured
%ne of a very bad skin disease from
which I suffered for several months. I
think Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Oint-
ment the best in the world for the skin
and hair, (signed) Sadie Bosan, 189 S.
Tike St., Sbeliryville, Ind., May 7, 1905."
Completi Ezrcnitl and Internal Treatment for ereij
H umoT. f rom i'irip.n to Hcrofnla, from InfawT to Agt,
roui'tisg of Cutleum Soap, Xc., Ointment, 50c, Retoi-
t«u. £or. ( i \u25a0 form of Chore •it Cetied Pill*, Sc. per tUI
eOOj.nuv be bad of til drn^lsH. A rlnr^a let often corea.
Tnnt Drjlt Chem. Corp., »oie Prop«., liettoc *
\u25a0r- JtoSad Tn% " How t» Onra Pirfgoriax Huaoa."
Thousands of Yards ; Ne w Silks--Ne w Prices
First ßig Sale Introductory to Hate's Mew Department y^||^v"
/Hl| k ' -\u25a0. ?\ Fancy Dresden Silks, 65c— 1200 yards 85c Peau de Cygne at 60c yard. Our salesmen say we /^m "V" <V\
/' ' P \s $% \ ° Ught t0 get Sl '°° fQrit ' Chameleon silks at ' 60c - 19 "inch Black Chiffon Taffeta, 40c yard. /; H ''''/'£& A
/" '*' ''""MbKQ| :I fl B ff ff\ Louisines. Fancy Silks. Peau de Soies. Run through the When our silk manager left for the silk market he was bent /'--;?' ?'' wßjvfe-&m^mawt\
h^^^^^^^^^MMW^ whole list. Not a silk wanting, nor a quality that isn't up to on & ettin §: better values than he ever did before. He expected j• '' J£sj£'^'-' : M HK'K^l
ls^iwSM^Plllpl" "top notch" mark. Feel them, take^a microscope and examine J^r^ 6 "^^ - "^^ ''^ th ' mgS woul^ turn iß^^^f^mMfmi
I" ; -^" -. ":' -'\u25a0\u25a0'*\u25a0'&\u25a0\u25a0 mm I lL fJ _, \u0084,^ , . , his way as -they-, did. He s enthusiastic — so are we — so will you I /M^SflH H /
V^XZiJH'- • - / ( "'^ ° Ur eXPeft )? compare them to under- be when you see the values. (A story back of every one, inter- . V^^wJPv**/
V^^Biai^' J Stand thC meaning of the P nces - esting; but the silks themselves are more so.) * \£W!%&f^M^^i:/
\^j '•'" '^^^^ S Read tllem ' See them in the store to-day to understand their full meaning. , • \. ' ' i^^'•' vv ' S
\^^ \^Jb3SS3&±*S X^^r Peatl de Cygne ° llU id Peau de c^n*» 19 inches Fancy Silks, 50c values at 40ct 36-inch Black Taffeta, 75c yardi
1200 Yards 60C Yard \u25a0' \u25a0s r oa'b a r t llSntT a ali : new color com- Neat designs; a splendid line of A R ood. sturdy quality. Think ol
-\u25a0>.•.-• ,.™ .I , V,,y e T ?,; T /^ ,-'\u25a0 binations. colors; dainty effects. a 36-inch taffeta at 75c a yard! mmm^^^
\u25a0m/f -g - «-^ m A splendid 85c quality. (Our aalea-
IWfl V\C Pi! KHrAC y^d fir Tt!) OU #o h ft F»ncrMol«i, $1.25 values at 85ci \v«*B*e Silks, 19 Inches wide, at 45ci Black-Peau de Sole. 45c yardi T|if
if iai l\VUri itCa Sj i the fgood colors- for evening 20 inches wide; the same beautiful , • Natural color; will not fade; 24. Heavy, velvety; a deep, rich black; n\s\Y KCCI \f fICCS
£\ AiiT /i- , for street wear; no 'black. Extra/ •!L a l^, r m' n » 8 that are thfl rage for i nches wlde ; 2 7 inches wide, all silk. 45c yard.. Heavier at «5c * T ****
«I Toys (Except Sffiai'^SSSiJ'fti.-^'it'S l^ pw UOPd . M c, \u25a0™, **&<**« : =-*. On alt Cards and Calendars
Wrieel lOyS) « s J° make an exceptional .intro- | 75c values; 19 inches wide. 19-Inch Black Taffeta 40c yardi Bhick Loulslne. 60c yardi milin flnnr
x rains -._.. „ yard: Fancy Dresdena, $1.00 values at 65ct ; . . • , -
Iron Toys LJUn nouses . A &OQd 76(J quality . all new; trl . .20 inches wide; exquisite patterns, 24-lnch Black Taffeta, 60c yardi Black Liberty Satin. «0c yardi basement.
Tool Chests Games descent color combinations; 2.7 all light colors. For Soft finish, firm weave; lustrous; A good $1.00 value; extra heavy; ,- , , . _- . .
Hnlio nn^; nrr r «-,j. Inches wide, 60c yard, i Sale, 65c. guaranteed. 24 inches wide. 60c yard, - Its the after-Christmas clean-up.
PavV off m.rW,i £r££ R w. * '. i"~^l ~^~~ ~~ ' - , \u25a0 ' ; ' ' Lots of folks last year took advantage
« // °l. niarkcd P nccs ' c"c going to even up stocks quick. _^ __ , ' &&$%» ' <O&S^ oi tht opportunity to buy return gifts. , \
All Dinnerware^ railCy China. Cut GIaSS, BriC-a 4sSil &&^& 1&&!$W <^£&& The same ones will likely share the savings agrain this year, along
r> r f^ 7 L s- 7-t.Tr/ \u0084i .i WS?^ *CwC **EBS3bRBi, l^iiiL' '*&*? with many others who take advaatage of them for the Hrst timo.
\oraCf Lamps ) CrlOOeS, GaS Portables (With the eXCep- j£h W^ W*flr \^W VI. They're always snapped up In a jiffy. That's why we always mark
tion Of mantleS and HaleS New Light, "39C), Electro- f^\r& Jfe^ 1?^ J^lar^s^ «W7fe^- original prices are still on them. Pay one-hair what they *r«
Hers, are % off, top. .^tS'f f??^^, 'wsf?7T".\ '^W £%J™& ikL markCd ' See exactly what you aave -
Think what an opportunity to save. Every, home can profit. Find p^^Wof /^i \ Ws^s^lf7/'fc '$$®B$L (I V '/MSPII Tdf^lAO.^ S-Hfl^ll Hd'tf'C
Aumria^Tp^s u off 3 ! aDles r^ Uli nats
Fancy boxes of many kinds. Toilet and Manicure Sets. Handker- Mil W^k\H\ tfly^SMm^ At Ne\V LOW PriCCS
chiefs and Glove Boxes. Pay y A off marked prices. ' JZaH V^^^lC% J^TIJ 1\ V * Make unusual shopping interest. Second floor millinery
reiL llclL 45 C '^lIIW iW\ y^tW\ l\ \W-§ IVr Tablel. $1.85 for $3.00 Hats
Styles That Earlier Sold From $1.00 to $\JS \u25a0tyl I IIW ' 7/1 \\ \\u25a0 M \Y^^ 4 J^o mm £ n^w T^ y trade *
Many new hats that Haven't been handled. Other hats LS :W: W A\k H Si V //fl \\\ I able £ 3>^.05 tor 2)5.UU Hats
slightly mussed or soiled. /jHl%Md^i^\ t\ \\\ \/S\( \W\ • A " hand " made> of velvet * Very pretty StyleS * Good
Including some fur felts in rolled rim sailor, turban v& J$ fflWst*' V>^ 'Li I'l 1 V variety.
or flat shapes. '^Cj'.flf' Mf ..V /^il^^^^^^S^^^^ ' Table 3. $4.85 for $7.00 Hats
Colors — Black, navy, brown, Alice blue, prune, green and Gi^Jf 11^%;-^--^ Many that were $8.00. Neat, fresh and new. Unusual
29c Table Covers
20c
36-inch lawn squares, trimmed
with 4-inch fringe. Nice assort-
ment of neat designs. Watch
them go at 20c instead of 29c.
Second floor art store.
Fancy Ribbon 20c
That wouldn't be overpriced at
30c and 45c yard.
A clean-up preparatory to stock tak-
ing 1 . Many ribbons that women want
moat, including 5 14 -inch satin checks,
6-inch Roman stripes, 5-inch taffetas
with Dresden stripes. 5-inch French
wash ribbons, any at 20c yard.
Cambric 8c Yd
36 inches wide. Mill lengths
of white cambric. Soft finish,
making it suitable for under-
wear. 5 to 25 yards to piece.
Regular ioc quality that will be
snapped up quickly at 8c yard.
Main floor annex.
Turn 'Fntronroc Market, nr. Bth
iwo entrances 6thj nr . Market
FIVE PASSENGERS
THBOWaTINTOBOAD
Haight - Street Car Jumps
Track Near Ferry
Ferry Depot.
United Railroads car Xo. 162 of the
Halght-street line jumped the track
yesterday morning at 8 o'clock near
the ferry depot and stopped so sud
denly that five passengers — two wo
men and three men — were thrown into
the street. Traffic on Market street
was at a standstill for more than an
hour.
Whether the passengers were ex
perienced in the ways of this .city's
street oar service and were prepared
to be jettisoned at a second's notice,
or whether they were merely lucky
people, cannot he told, but the fact
remains that not one of the five sus
tained any hurt which prevented him
or her from walking away unaided.
The car was In charge of Conductor
Browne. J. Sousa was the gripman.
Superintendent Barron was promptly
on the scene with a wrecking crew, but
it was more than an hour before car
Xo. 162 was again in commission.
Pythian* to Install Officers.
California Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias has made arrangements to
have the following named officers,
elected to^ serve for the ensuing term,
installed In public in the Assembly
Hall of the Pioneers' building on the
evening of Friday, January B.-
John F. Nuenberg, chancellor commander;
Charles F. Donnelly, vice commander; John M.
Lorton. master of the work; William E. Rose,
prelate; R. Xl.X 1 . McLennan, keeper of records and
seal: John Huber; master of finance; H. Beav
er, master of the exchequer; W. F. Ganzert,
lruside gruard; M. Sbumacher. outside snard;
11. . D. L>ucae, W. D. Scott and Z. T. Barber,
trustees; ' Dr. Ernest Prlng, medical examiner.
All the grand officers have been In
vited to attend. The grand chancellor
and grand keeper of records and seal
have accepted.
Druid*' Slemorial Service.
The local groves, chapters, Past
Arch Association and circles of the
United Ancient Order of Druids, have,
through delegates from each, or
ganized for the purpose of holding spe
cial services on the afternoon of Sun
day, February 18, in Native Sons' Hall,
In memory of members -of the \u25a0, order
who have passed a^ay. The follow
ing named were elected as ; officers of
the general committee: Walter Galla
gher, president;^ Mrs. Maria Bauman,
vice president; John Koch, secretary,
and L. M..Fabry, treasure^ The presi
dent then 1 named the sub-committees
who are to carry out the. details.
Woman 'Finds Purse on Street.
Mrs. Mary O'Keeffe. 665 Fulton
street, reported to <, the police yesterday
that she had found a purse containing
J46 on Hayes street, between Franklin
street and Van Ness avenue, yesterday
morning.
SIOUX CITY. la., Dec. 25— John South
wind, a giant Wlnnebago \u25a0 Indian. ; came to
Bioux City last .night, became Intoxicated, and
this morning was found on a "sand bar frozen
to death.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY; DECEMBER 2(^ 1905.
A iireat Suit Opportunity
Coats and Skirts, too^Much Underpriced
The clearing out of all winter styles begins this morning. - * . ,
Think of at $5 50 : "
Of cheviot. Different colors, different styles. But don't think too long. They- will not wait. Think of some suits even
lower yet, $3.95. Just a few (that will be splendid for rainy day wear). Even more cause to hurry.
Although many styles are not the latest. New prices have been made that make every suit an exceptional value.
Other Suit Reductions to $9.75, $10.75, $13.50, $15.00, $18.75, $19.50, $21.50
Blouses, Hip-length Coats— those long coat suits that are such favorites this winter. Suits of Panama, Zibeline, Alpaca, Tweed, Cheviot,
Broadcloth. AH very much underpriced. Not all sizes in every style or at every price, though at some prices all sizes will be found.
To make the opportunity still more attractive we. will make all reasonable alterations necessary on suits at
$9-75 and over without extra charge. We want to enter 1906 with the Suit stock— -that has 'been necessarily-
larger than ever before— much lighter than any previous January has seen it.
Coats at $1.25 Skirt at $5.50
Stirring values. And we head the list of coat reductions Recommends itself to us to head the skirt news.
with them. (A few coats 'at 5 0c.) > ! A Regular $6.75 Value
Other new prices that should arouse great interest here are New style circular Wooltex skirt of good cheviot, tucked
$1.95, $2.95, $3.65, $4.25, up to $15.00. Some are Etons. Others over the J l^' stitched bands around the bottom/Regular 56.75
corset COatS. Stilf OtHers jackets. Materials, COVert, . i^Sther Ski&of etamine, broadcloth, cheviot, blues, blacks and browns.
kersey, tweed. , $3.95 values at $3.25. $8.75 values at $7.50.
An opportunity to. take advantage of early. Some one else may get $4-98 values at $3.95- " $15-OO value§ at $12.75.
the coat you. want. Variety Is limited. $7-5O values at $5.50. $19.50 values at $15.00. .•:
GAS IS CHEATED
OF TWO VICTIMS
Young Girls Are Rescued
by Small Boy When Near to
Death From Asphyxiation
Two pretty girls, Yette Labling and An
nie Lande, of 639 Minna street, were as
phyxiated by gas yesterday morning.
But for the timely discovery of- their
plight by Miss Labling's little twelve
year-old brother, Alfred, the two girls
might not have spent Christmas day in
San Francisco. Both young women are
now confined to their beds, in a serious
condition as a result of the inhalation of
the poisonous fumes of carbon . monoxide."
The girls were. treated by Dr. Joseph Ar
denyl of 1020 Mission street The physi
cian says that while his patients , will be
confined to their beds for several days he
believes they will recover.
Miss Labling, who is a clerk in the New
York Cloak House, lives with her parents
at 639 Minna street. With her rooms Miss
Lande, a cashier In the employ of Rosen
thal's shoe store. Last night Miss Lab
ling went,to bed about 10 o'clock. She left
the gas burning for her roommate, Miss
Lande, who was spending the evening
out. When Miss Lande came home at
midnight she -undressed and, as she
thought, turned; off the gas. -The gas
cock works loosely. In turning out the
gas Miss Lande turned the cock so that
the light went out, then, partly on again.
The latter act was unconscious and due
to the disabled condition of the fixture.
Through the . nine hours following the
young women slept unconscious of the
leaking fluid. The carbon monoxide flow
ed slowly, else ; death' might have over
taken the sleepers before Christmas
morning dawned.
About 9 a,- m. . Albert Labling passed
down the hall In front^ of his sister's
room. He heard a noise, as though some
one , had fallen. .On going : to* the door of
his sister's room to ascertain the cause
of the noise, he smelled the gas. ' Opening
the door, he saw his sister, lying upon the
floor of her room, where she had fallen
In an attempt to leave her bed, on awak
ening. Calling wildly for help, young
Cabling dragged the two ! girls into
the hall. Dr. Ardenyiwas called' in : and
for two hours worked herolcally. ; over ; the
prostrate forms of the gas; victims.'
When seen last night at their home the
glrls^were '\u25a0 sick \ from . ' the effects, - ; but
thanked God that they were spared to see
the light of Christmas ! day. \u25a0/
Miss Labling said: ''When I: awoke; I
had been dreaming of death. "I felt weak
and faint and my Vision was distorted.
Not knowing; why, I rose "from /my .bed
and fell in a > heap on. the floor./; The feel
ing of asphyxiation ; Is not a \u25a0 bad \u25a0 one. '-. I
felt languid and weak.y^Of course "I; .was
ignorant "of : the, cause *of my.,
feeling until ;\u25a0 I (recovered: consciousness."
v Had not'Mlss Labling fallen, so that her
brother heard the noise, < both \u25a0 young wo-
men might have been dead ere their pre
dicament was discovered. Miss Labling
is 20 years of age and Miss Lande 19.
SWISS HOTEL, PROPRIETOR
ENDS LIFE WITH BULLET
Heavy Drinking:. Said to Have Bees
Caused by Jealousy. ' Brings ' ;
Desperate Mood.
Rocco Bullottl. keeper of the l Swiss
Hotel at 319 Broadway, street, placed
a revolver in his mouth yesterday and
pulled the trigger. The bullet crashed
its way through his jaw. and lodged
just back of the ear. He died last
night at the Emergency Hospital.
Why Bullotti ended his. life is
a mystery. He was (prosperous with
his little hotel and had, saved a snug
sum of money for his old days. He
had been in the best of health for
many months , and apparently had
everything to live for.
The shooting took place about noon
yesterday. The rest of the family
were up ,at luncheon and Bullotti
placed the pistol in his mouth down in
the barroom. He' had. ;been drinking
heavily for several days and yester
day he was in a stolid state of Intoxi
cation. £
\u25a0f Bullotti had a wife ana; two little
children. One of them, the boy,jAn
tone, has been sick for. some time," arid
the frlend9 of the famlly;say ; that the
youngster's Illness caused I the father
to worry. Others clalm;that there was
domestic trouble and; that Bullettl was
fearfully jealous of his "wife, Ermign a.'
The- family are almost crazed with
grief.- . . .. /. .;. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . /\u25a0 . : >/;-'->
A Guaranteed Care for Pile*.'
Itchlns. Blind.^ Bleeding- or Protruding Pile*.
Tour druggist will refund money If Pazo Oint
ment fails to cure you In 6 to 14 days. 60c. •
Fenvrlck Is Recaptured.
'\u25a0:\u25a0„ James Penwick, who escaped from
the Branch County Jail about three
weeks ago, was captured on "Montgom
ery street yesterday morning by Po
liceman ; Peshon.v He had ; some tools
with him which he t had apparently, sto
len.; ,He gave the \u25a0 name " of \u25a0 Cecil | Jor-'
dan, . but was later Identified ; by ! Detec
tive Regan, and will be itaken > back to
complete his term.' ', He was y sentenced
to serve eighteen : months :on three
charges of petty .larceny and. had
served about' five weeks when: he made
his escape. He is a tool thief.
Calumet Council's Christ man.
Calumet Council -of the Degree of
Pocahontas •; has appointed Mrs. Emma
Ralph (chairman), -Mesdames > Brown,
Wobber, ; Bailey,;- Ellis / and Martin ir a
committee to. arrange for; a? Christmas
social v - to be given on": Friday 'evening
next in the banquet hall of . the Odd
Fellows' building. /
BoKsrars Use ' Their • Klatn.
Daniel .Kennedy- and William- Roslin,'
two lusty, beggars, .were " arrested \y'es-^
terday |? after noon -; on * Clay ..street.'^ near
Kearny, by .-Policemen Ring.- ahd ; Dono-;
hue. ";Theyiimportuned:.men for; money,
and , when refused' slapped :tholr ; faces.
They.: were .both \under.;. the "influence " of
liquor^and/ were; chajged with belhgr
drunk'ln'a Dubliciplace. - '
\u25a0 Murlne, Eye ., Remedy— An Eye . Food.
Soothes and Quickly Cures Ailing Eyes. "
CROOKS HAVE
A BUSY TIME
Saloon at Powell and OTar
rell Streets Entered and
Coin Stolen From a Sack
Several reports of the work of burglars,
sneak thieves and footpads were made to
the police yesterday." Gerhardt's saloon at
O'Farrell and Powell streets was entered
early yesterday morning. When the day
bartender,' H. Slocum, arrived at the sa
loon-shortly before 6 o'clock, he found the
front door, open and notified ' Special Offi
cer Smith. An investigation showed that
the rear storeroom"" had been visited by
breaking the door open with an ice pick,
and $165 60, which was in a sack In a secret
place, -\u25a0 had been stolen." Detective Cole
man, who j was \u25a0on duty at \ headquarters,
was informed of the burglary and \as
there was jan impression \ that the night
bartender_ might have left the front door
open," he • "was sent for. He said ; he had
locked the front door and storeroom door
at ; 3 ' o'clock when • he ': closed . the t place.
Coleman I came to the conclusion ; that the
burglars -or \u25a0 burglar were [ not strangers
to ' th« saloon and might have been In
hiding, inside when k was locked up.
; John Swartz," 840 'Howard street, re
ported i that his , room had been entered
early Friday morning while h© .was asleep
and $90 ln^eurrency a,nd $10 in silver taken
from the pockets of his clothing.
Oscar Thomas, 174 Fourth street, re
ported that while he -was In a saloon at
IS4 Fourth street early yesterday, morning
his,: . banjo," -.-valued ' at •\u25a0 $30," • and : case,
valued , at $6 50, .were stolen from a card,
table when^ his back was turned. ;
'The garage of ,R.- W. Gallagher, at 305
Ash ! avenue was entered early yesterday
morning by ' pulling a' staple off* the door,
and an automobile : and : black cloth robe
stolen. The automobile was found later
- The^Who.esbmc
Baking Powder
- PURE AND HEALTHFUL. -
by one of Gallagher's friends and re
turned to him, but the robe had disap
peared.
Joseph Nunes. a laborer from Niles
Canyon, reported to Policeman J. E. Ward
on Sunday night that while he was In a
rear room in the Silver saloon, 906 Kearny
street, two young men came. ln, choked
and took $45 from his pockets. Ward went
with him to the saloon and the proprietor
said that Nunes had made no complaint
to him and he knew nothing of the al
leged robbery. . Nunes had been drinking.
Dr. J. M. Stowell reported that a robe
had been stolen from his buggy on Bran
nan street, between Third and Fourth, on
Sunday evening and George Gergen re
ported that a drum valued at 52 had been
stolen from his milk wagon at Sixth
and Shipley streets.
Jealousy Causes .Stabbing;.
It developed yesterday that fhe
stabbing of Gluseppi Nastaslno In
front of the Roma Hotel, 818 Sanaome
street, on Sunday night, was the com
bined result of jealousy and too much
red wine. Nastaslno, Alessandro Bo
nettl and Giovanni Bello were at a
dance at the Astl Hotel at Battery and
Green streets and had trouble over a
woman. After leaving the dance, they
walked to the Roma Hotel, where Nas
tasino lives, and there Bello struck
Nastaslno either with his fist or with
a knife. The wound is not serious and
Bonetti :' left the Central Emergency
Hospital yesterday morning. Bonetti
will be discharged and an effort will be
made ;to find Bello. who- works In a
foundry. Nastaslno Is not a wltnes*
In the Brogarde murder case.
Robbed by a Woman.
S. W. Adams, 68 Ellis street, re
ported to Policeman Orr early yester
day morning:, that a woman with whom
he had been drinking In a room at 248
O'Farrell street had taken a $20 gold
piece " from his- purse, which he had in
his vest, pocket. Orr arrested the wo
man, who gave the name of Jessie Wal
ters, and booked her at the City Prison
on a charge of grand larceny.
Drives Off With a Rlar.
Edward F. Lampman, who says he
was formerly an advertising man and
Is now a press agent, was arrested on
Kearny street yesterday afternoon and
Handkerchiefs
1/ Off
Some less than half price.
5c for 10c and 15c hand-
kerchiefs.
15c for 25c handkerchiefs.
. Those we've used in window
and store displays. You saw
them and admired them. They
helped '. sell others. They've
earned their profit.
Soiled and mussed. Here they are at
half price. "Wash them and they'll be
as good as new.
Handkerchief Basket 50c
Those pretty rose baskets of hand-
kerchiefs we've been selling at 08« i
4 handkerchiefs, 50c.
Flannel 28c Yd
A good. 50c value.
27 inches wide. Good quality
flannel, suitable for waisting and
children's dresses. Pay 28c yard
for it. Main floor annex.
Two Entrances BK£ftg£B
booked at the City Prison by Police
man J. B. Cavanaagh on a charge ot
driving off with a horse and wagon
without the consent of the owner >\
The rig belong 3 to Emil Hildebrand of *
Hlldebrand Bros.' stables, 1619 Powell
street, and was standing in front of a
saloon on Powell street, near O'Farrell,
when Lampman drove off with It.
Lampman had been drinking.
Suspected Burslar Arrented.
Joseh Mullen, alias Joseph Bruhns,
was arrested on Sunday night by De
tective Matheson. He is a suspected
burglar and holdup man. About three
montb.3 ago he was arrested on a
charge of burglary, but had to b« re
leased, as the complaining witness re
fused to prosecute him.
You Won't
cough long if you use ShiloK** Consump-
tion Care, the Lung Tonic. It cures
Colds, Coughs, and all irritation* of the
air passages almost instantly.
You won't lose anything if h fails to
cure you, for then your dealer will give
you back what you paid for it. If you
use Shiloh
You Will
•(tee that It Is the greatest meSxsas for
Coughs and Colds in the world.
".We b«>e used Shilch's Consumption Cuts for ti»
hit twelve yean, and think it ene of the bat cou«S
femodief on the market— Mrs. A. Schmayo. Santa
. Cn».Cal.~ S
"I caa reeetomead Shiloh** Cwiaiptioa Cm as
ene of the bert conga medicine*. —A. A. Click.
Hav*e uted ShUoK* Coniurapcon On for
cougb aad cold* with mcrt wtuf tc'.oiy rewlts.—
Minoie Howe. Portlaad. Oiejoa."
SHILOH
25c. per bottle. All dealers guarantee It.
Sold by THE OWI. DRUG CO- 11ZS
Market et. and 80 Geary st.
HOLIDAY GIFTS
Opera, Race and Field
Glasses, Lorgnettes, Spec-
tacles,* Kodaks and Cameras.
fi o phi ciSnII
105 MONTGOMERY Sr
NEAR SUTTER' OPR OCCIDENTAL HOTEL
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES
*jO%&$&2M MEN AND WOMEH.
»^^^^CTB£!» vjgj Cse Bl? fl for nnnstani
. iSS«' !n 110 » dan.^Sl cllsehariaß.JnaaaißiatJona.
BUST Guanat^i \g Irriutioos or aleerattotj
fciLjT"-^^* l^- Paia'^a; aad no* ».:-*.
tf?^ITHE£M!<SGHI!II!iC4ICB. s{*nt or »i»oaon(i.
lon. US.*. Jamr or tent ik plaJn vn;}«,
-nMSfc.,, inmifffTra *y «xvr«v pra;aic), toe
V^ Bf&&?U *i.oo,«?afcrtUai«3.:i.