The San Francisco Call.
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "The Only Way."
! CHUTES— Specialties. Matinee.
CENTRAL— "No Wedding Bella fcr
Her.' •
rOLUMBIA— VWeather Beaten Ben-
I son." •'- \u25a0:
3RAND— "The Merchant of Venice."
VIAJESTICr-"Dora Thorn*."
Vaudeville. Matine».
riVOU— "Rob Roy."
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 68.
PRICE-FIVE CENTS.
' SAN FRANCISCO; :MONDAYi • AUGUSTi : 7, 1905.
HEAVY FOG CAUSES A DAY'S DELAY
IN PEACE NEGOTIATIONS.
Owing to a fog, which kept the peace squadron at Newport throughout yesterday^ the opening of the
negotiations will be delayed a day. The first session will be held on- Tuesday. Arrangements for
the reception of the plenipotentiaries at Portsmouth provide for precedence Jor the Russians, as an
offset to the reception by the President, when the Japanese were welcomed first.
When his resignation is presented Paul
Flammer. a member of ths • detective
force, will be appointed to the . position.'
and this will; be followed .by a general,
Bhaking up in the Police Department'/
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 6.-Before the end
of the month Los Angeles will have a
new Chief of Police. Chief William A.
Hammel proposes to resign . as ; the • result
of friction with the Board of Police Com
missioners. -
Hotel and Postoffice Burned
at Russian River
Resort. *
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 6. — The Del
Monte Hotel and the postoffice at Camp
Meeker burned last night, together
with most cf the contents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DISASTROUS BLAZE
VISITS CAMP MEEKER
NEWPOLICE CHIEF
FOR LOS ANGELES
COLORADO SPRINGS. Aug. 6.— The
highest electric lighting, plant- in* the
world has just .been completed and : put
into operation on i the i summit ;: of \u25a0 Pike's
Peak by Electrician Robertson and Mas
ter- Mechanic -Jones of .the , cog,, road..; i
The ; plant is operated by a ;20-horse
power gasoline ; engine .; .with 'cylinders
built to resemble the human lung in. that
the air l chambers i have ; been ; unusually
enlarged on i account of " the - lightness f of
the atmosphere V. to c provide , more air. : for
the \u25a0 explosion ; of , the " gasoline.
Jones and'; Robertson * will now start on
the mammoth'/ searchlight, whose rays
will be seen : fromv Denver, ' Pueblo,.- Can-,
yon City, Royal .Gorge, V.Florence-;; and
Cripple Creek." It must be one'and a half
times as powerful .; as - the searchlights \u25a0of
a * battleship. ' J.When ":* completed \u25a0 it j must
carry .the ; rays \ to i the ) Kansas'; State line,
a distance of 1W miles. -
, Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mammoth Searchlight Is^ Be
in^ Built at Summit of
.. ." Pike's Peak.
RAYS WILL BE SEEN
ON KANSAS BORDER
Case 3lay Be Taken to the
United States Supreme .
Court.
\u25a0 i i ll——
Special Dispatch to The CaJL
PEORIA. 111.. Aug. «.— A. suit for 5
cents, brought by the Santa Fe Railway
Company against Judge W. R. Curren of
Pekin, bids fair to be taken to the Fed
erfl Supreme Court for final adjust
nient.
In Improving his ofilce a few, weeks
ago the Judge ordered a n?w door for his
safe from c Chicago firm. When the door
arrived he was not apprised of the fact
until a demurrage charge of 5 cents had
accumulated. The agent of the company
demanded settlement, but the Judge
gained the door by replevin papers, and
now the Santa Fe Company has brought
suit to recover the 5 cents claimed to be
due it. '
The Judge says he will fight the case
through the Supreme Court.
BIG LEGAL FIGHT
OVER FIVE CENTS
MANILA, Aug. 7.— A spectacular parade
was held this morning in honor of the
visit of Secretary of, War Taft and party.
Ten thousand men were :ti line, includ
ing the military, marines, sailors, indus
trials and thirty provincial delegations.
The parade was three hours passing the
reviewing stand. There were fifty floats
and eighty bands in line. Secretary of
War Taft.' Governor Genera: Wright, Ma
jor General Corbin, Rear Admiral Train
and Miss Alice Roosevelt a.nd the resi
dent foreign representatives were in the
reviewing stand.
Two of the floats bore fountains of
ylang yjang, and other floats we're pro
fusely decorated with fiov/ers. At one
stage of the procession a halt wa3 made
and Miss Roosevelt was presented with
a gold plat*, amid unbounded enthusiasm.
At 3 o'clock this afternoon Secretary
Taft and party received a' committee of \
sugar planters, who spoke, of the sugar
interests of the islands.
To-night Governor General Wright held
a public reception in the Ma!acanan pal- i
ace. Governor Wright issued a special In
vitation to Rear Admiral Enquist and
staff of the Interned Russla.n squadron
to attend the reception to meet Secretary
Taft and Miss Roosevelt, and the ' invi
tation was accepted.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Aug. 6. — There con
tinues" to be a wide variance between
the official statements given out by tho
contending sides in the strike of the
Order of Railway Telegraphers against
the Northern Pacific and Great North
ern roads.- Officials of the roads claim
that the strike is practically at an end
and that [twelve hours more will see the
finish; that the strikers are applying
for their old positions and that new
men are being constantly employed;
that regular trains are* on schedule
time and freight is being moved
promptly.
On the other hand. President H. B.
Perham raid : to-night that the situa
tion as reported to him is more favor
able to the operators thah it has been
at any stage of the strike and he Is
confident of victory.
Spectacular Demonstration
in Honor of the Visitors
, in the Philippine Capital
Statem ents by Railroads and
Striking Telegraphers
Are at Variance.
TAFT'S PARTY
SEES PARADE
NEW YOxt-K, Aug. €.— Paul Morton,
president of the Equitable Life Assurance
Society; Charles H. Keep, Assistant Sec
retary of the Treasury at Washington;
Mrs. Keep and Chauffeur John Sheehan
narrowly escaped death or serious in
jury at 5:30 o'clock this afternoon. Their
fo'&.' horsepower automobile ran into an
EffeTith avenue car at Twenty-fourth
etreet and was thrown half-way across
the avenue and against the curb. The
force of the collision wrecked the front
trucks of the automobile.
None of the party were injured, but the
conductor of the trolley car was badly
bruised.
EACH SIDE IS \u25a0STIHi-
CLAIMING VICTORY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Equitable's President and
Two Friends Have Nar
row Escape.
PAUL MORTONS AUTO
COLLIDES WITH CAE
"There- should "noti be the slightest
danger," he said,' "from the ; casg"at
Swinburne Island. It is to be presumed
that your health physicians have en
closed patient by mosquito bars, for
in no other way can the disease be
transmitted to another. If other cases
should develop among the passengers
or crews of the steamships, which are
constantly arriving from infected ports,
the danger would not be increased, for
the treatment would remain the same
and the spread of the disease stopped.
We are yet in our infancy in the matter
of the discoveries of the transmission
of such diseases by insects, but in the
matter of yellow fe%*er infection all
credit should be given to the Yankees,
who went ahead of our eminent men
and demonstrated that the stegoma was
the vehicle that caused all the trouble.
"Therefore, I repeat, . lreep out the
mosquitoes — the stegoma, the yellow
fever carrier, the anopheles, the ma
laria breeder— and do not despise the
health destroying powers of the culex,
the common fellow who is so plentiful
and persistent in the majority of places
where he can transmit diseases readily,
and there is no doubt that this common
mosquito is the first cause of many
serious and sometimes fatal illnesses."
Years of research in the tropics have
convinced the physician that only by
prevention of the bite of the mosquito
and other blood-seeking insects can
freedom from tropical' diseases be as
sured. Arriving in this country when,
the yellow fever Is- ravaging- New Or-
leans and one case' has developed' 'in
the harbor of New York, the opinion" of
Sir Patrick as -to the ganger -of the
spread of 'the disease in the North is
valuable. r £ 7^* \u25a0.."•iyc.~>> ! --;..- \u25a0.-.-;
NEW YORK. Aug. 6. — 'Next to whis
ky, mosquitoes are the greatest curse
to mankind," said Sir Patrick Manson
to-day at his apartments at the Hol
land House. Sir Patrick is physician
and medical adviser to the British co
lonial office and eminent because he
was the first physician to discover that
the mosquito was the worst of the ma
larial parasites. He arrived with Lady
Jltmson on the Lucania, and will leave
to-morrow afternoon for San Francisco.
where, before the Cooper Medical Col
lege, he will deliver a series of lectures
on "Tropical Diseases."
AEW YORK, Aug. 6 Sufficient evi
dence already has come to the Arm
strong legislative insurance Investigat
ing committee to make clear to its
members that the conditions existing
in the Equitable have , been more than
duplicated, in some respects, in sev
eral other bis insurance coinyaules, two
of thent being in this city and two
otliers outside.
It is admitted that it is riot within
the province- of the legislative com
mittee: to investigate insurance cor
porations in New Jersey or Connecti
cut, but in the 'examination to be con
ducted the testimony which, necessarily
must "be brought out will reveal the
methods, of the interstate "organiza
tions.
The startling information has come \
to members of the legislative commit
tee that since 'the broad* misuse ' of.
director power .by. 'the Equitable So
ciety, has become, public,^; books and j
, other . documents -have-been 'doctored : in
certain life insurance :so
that as; far : as possible- a, fairly; cle>n
bill of health may; be~-shown' atter-the
legislative probe. has been inserted into
their affairs. ; \u25a0 " -j : •
~A minority 'member of the legislative
committee" said to-day that he could
prove, and probably 'would prove, that
certain ' 'men connected with a great
bankinfl house in Wall- street — that
banking hoizse having relations with
other ' financial institutions \u25a0in New
York, Boston, Chicago, London, Paris
affd Berlin— had undertaken,' through
certain prominent politicians, the busi
ness of preventing certain facts from
coming to light. These facts would
show, it was said, that at least two big
insurance corporations not only were
affected by loose management' and
graft to a greater extent than the
I Equitable, but that two, in order to
get a "rake-off" for their own directors,
and, perhaps, a favored few outside the
directory, had been able, because of
questionable loans, to place their own
officials in" certain banking houses.
, It was said the revelations that would
follow a' thorough inquiry into this
matter were so deeply significant
the policy-hold<*rs that an effort was
being made by big financiers • and
equally' big politicians to confine the
investigation wholly to remedial meas
ures,
CHICAGO. Aug. 6. — Because she !
thought life was not worth while since
the death of her father and mother,
Miss Elizabeth Burgess, daughter of
the late William Burgess of Mattoon,
111., and heiress to $500,000. climbed
through a porthole of the steamship
Manitou. en route to Mackinac, and j
ended her life "in the waters of the
lake. The body has not been recovered.
2.1iss £mily Burgess, a sister of the
suicide, is at the home of Mrs. Alfred
Goode, 6201 Monroe avenue. All ef- J
forts to calin tee grief-stricken girl '
have be^n unavailing. She has been
given little assurances that the body
w;ll be recovered.
.miss Elizabeth Burgess had been un
der treatment for melancholia at a !
sanitarium in Kenil worth. Her mother i
died within a year after the death of j
Mr. Burgess, wao was one of the I
wealthiest citizens of Mattoon. ;
Mies Emiiy Burgess decided that her
sister's condition was suehthut 2 trip
to Mackinac Island would improve her
health. Although the sick girl eaid
little to arouse suspicion, . her sister j
locked the door of their stateroom that '
night 2nd placed the key under her j
pillow. ;
Elizabeth Burgess slept in the upper \
berth. When Emily Burgess awoke in I
the morning she climbed up to awaken j
her sister: She clutr^ed what looked j
like .the sleeping forji'of the woman,*
but \ound it was only a pile of clothing '
and pillows. The frightened girl rang j
for the purser. With a bellboy he
searched the room and found the fol
lowing note:
"I am tired of life. I have nothing
to live for. Don't grieve for me.
Gcod-by. ELIZABETH."
The open porthole was the only
means of egress and through this aper
t\ire the young woman had made her
\u25a0" way to ( death.
Sped*! Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Officials Said to Be Engaged
frin "Doctoring" Books
and Accounts.
Is Coining to Cooper College
to Lecture on Tropi- \
cal Diseases.
Tragedy Due to Grief Over
the Deaths of Her Father
and Mother.
Eminent British Physi
cian Arrives in
New York.
Crawls Through Pas
t senger Vessel's Port
hole at Night.
Similar Conditions Dis
covered in Other
Concerns.
Ulinois Heiress to
$500,000 Com
mits Suicide.
Equitable Scandal
May Soon Be
x\j± V dlutli
Sir Patrick Manson
G-ives Insect a
Bad Name. •
GRIL LEAPS
FROM LAKE
STEAMSHIP
INSURANCE
COMPANIES
FRIGHTENED
MOSQUITOES
A SAD CURSE
TO MANKIND
JS& CALL PRINTS Tm^ NEWS THAN ANY OTHER PAPER PUBLIS^^Mi FRANCISCO
Continued on Page 3, Colunxa S.
TANGIER, -Morocco. Aug. 6.— Tho Ger
man Government"; has ./ intimated* tq : the
Moroccans Gbvernment^ that' it V does ? riot
desire to; secure any : concessions . pending
the unterriationar conference. *-" ' :: '
Germany .vWaiits Nothing, l A'ct.
\ ST. . PETERSBURG, Aug. 6.— A dis
patch from - Godzyadani. \u25a0 th<? Russian
headquarters', in.. Manchuria, . says that
the Japanese who' landed* recently at
Castries -Bay : have returned aboard
their, warships. All;the buildings along
the shore of the bay were burned.
Japanese Return to Their Ships.
'.YOKOHAMA, -Aug. .. e^Thq: ! meeting
of ? Chinese,^whiclv it -was > announced,'
would be r held : to-day, \u25a0.resolved: to rboy-"
cott: American^: bankers,'* .shippers f and
insurance' agents, -but'deferred" action
with, regard; to mother lines of -business.
To Boycott American Bankers.
Compels Warship Sqnadrou to Tarry
for a Day at Xenport.
NEWPORT. R- 1. , Aug. 6.— Owing to
I thick weather the peace squadron -will
! be unable to reach Portsmouth to-mor
i row and the delay will necessitate a post
ponement of the opening proceedings for
one day. 'JSpH *
When the fog. which had hung over the
bay all day. lifted, shortly after 5 o'clock
this afternoon. Captain ' Xenon of the
Prices Neck life-saving station sighted
both the Mayflower and the Dolphin at
anchor to the eastward of Brentons Reef
FOG STOPS THE VOYAGE.
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 6.— John W.
'Colman",' 30 years old. a Scripps-Mcßae
Press Association 'telegrapher here, died
yesterday .of .consumption after two" or
more, years' of suffering. .
"Jack.V as he was known by his friends
and fellow telegraphers,* walked from his"
home to work as usual yesterday morn
ing and seemed cheerful - until shortly,
after 8 o'clock, when he flashed a mes
sage to 'thu r * chief - operator at Chicago
asking for.five minutes' rest. The answer
came back:*
"Soon."
.Colman , with unsteady hand grabbed
the key and said:
-'"Give; it f to ma now— l'm dying."
Shortly before he died Colman regained
consciousness, "called his wife and two
children- to "his side and gave them his
parting ; words. Colman was a -devoted
father and ho had often expressed a wish
that ha could live-to help rear his chil-;
dren as; he desired.
* The car • contained ; forty.: passengers/
.who Vwere ;bound- L ; for i their \u25a0\u25a0 homes and
for. amusement resorts; ;< Onlyio fey.- \u25a0_«?-;
caped : ;uninjured*ahdJ ithey were persona
occupying* the . rear: seats! , -
r- The dead : '-\u25a0 Cora) May »Martin,; 2 . years
old, daughter, of <\u25a0 JamesiMartin.
• ?Fatally : ; injured:;^ Mrp.sJanies Martin,
crushed ? about^chest;^ Gertrude /Msir tin,"
12, year s; old, arm fractured and internal
in juries; I Frank 'Williamson, >motorman,'
chesticrushed ; .'• Mrs." .Patrick > Kilduff/
skull "s fractured ;', Michael" -Hussjviinter-]
nal injuries;: Lucy. Haller, aged 22. :
; CLEVELAND. Ohio. Aug. 6. — The,
fast Pittsburgh flyer.;: No. 560, on the
Cleveland and Pittsburg; Railroad, crash-,
ed into ; an eastbouhd > gt; Clair-street
car at 3:30 'o'clock to-night, ; killing- a
child and fatally injuring six. persons,
while .. fifteen others .: sustained injuries.
The'accident occurred just as-the con
ductor had crossed the railroad trncks
to see that the line was clear and had
'thrown a. safety. derailer switch to per.-'
iriit; the car.to : pass. The; headlight 'of
the ; train was not visible nor was ; its
rumbling heard until' it 'was but a short
distance ;frqmithe crossing. - The ']cbn- <
ductor let" go' ithedeVailer . switcjn , in'
time' to throw- the -rear -truck of his ctir^
off ~ the - track, -but not *in time to
prevent the front,, end .; from -belli;?
struck and the car hurled around ; until
it -' stood ; parallel - with the .; railroad
track..-.'-! 'o;-.;- -:'..:,'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0..-• \u25a0\u25a0•; r . .-", . \u25a0
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TRAIN CRASHES
INTO CROWDED
ELECTRIC CAR
DEATH BRINGS
REST TO TRIED
TELEGRAPHER
obtained permission to pay their hotel
bills and otherwise show what New
England hospitality really is. Now. while
the Governor of New Hampshire is a Re
publican, the Mayor of Portsmouth is a
Democrat. £
--"Governor." said the Mayor one day.
early :in the progress of the arrange
ments, "what part are tne Mayor and
the city of Portsmouth to play in this
game of world politics?"
"Not a thing, I fear. Mr. Mayer," the
Governor replied. "This is to be exclu
sively a State affair." •
The Mayor retired in discomfiture. Not
long after this the proposed reception
grew to greater dimensions. It was de
cided -to have the National Guard as an
escort. and to assemble a regiment made
up of , companies from various parts of
the State. This would cost money. Ths
Stae of New Hampshire Is' not rich, and
the money It 13 to spend entertaining the
envoys will be a considerable sum. . So '
Governor McLane sought out the Mayor.
-"Mr. Mayor." he said, "the entertain
ment of the envoys here will cost a con
siderable-sum. What will the city of
Portsmouth, through its Mayor, do in
the. way of entertaining?'*
"Not a thing. Mr. Governor," replied
the. Mayor. "This is a State affair, you
knov/." \u2666
.To-night Read Admiral Meade issued
an • order postponing to-morrow's exer
cises until further notice.
COMMANDANT OF THE PORTSMOUTH NAVY YARD. THE STATE EXECUTIVE WHO WILL, WELCOME THE PEACE PLENI
POTENTIARIES AND THE NAVAL. BUILDING WHICH HAS BEEN ESPECIALLY FITTED AS A MEETING PLACE FOU
THE RUSSO-JAPANESE MISSIONS-
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.- — As a result of
a battle between members of the big
Chinese societies iivthe#Chineso theater
in Dorey street to-night three Chinese
were killed, two others probably fatally
wounded and many others injured.
When'the police succeeded in breaking
up the riot they, had arrested more than
enough inhabitants of the Chinese dis
trict to fill the Elizabeth-street ai.d
other police stations in the vicinity. -
According to a report made' t>y the
police the Hip Sing Tong started the
trouble and deliberately selected the
Chinese theater, which is seldom vis-,
ited by the police, as the' most favor- -j
able scene for operations. The theater
holds about 400 people' and on. Sunday
night. when. the quarter is crowded with
visiting Celestials from all over the j
metropolitan district it is always pack- J
cd. When the battle began not a ' seat
was to be- had, as many were standing.
Among the latter in the back of. the
theater were several of the Hip/Sing
Tong' members with big, 44-caliber re
volvers concealed beneath their flowing
garments.
Suddenly, as the. actors, on the stage
reached a climax in the "play, there was
a loud explosion,' quickly : followed by'
several; others in the front of the'the
ater near the stage. The actors fled in
terror and the packed audience surged
as far as it could*; toward v the* rear,
where several of > the Hip Sing . Tongs
began an indiscriminate fusillade into
the throng. It developed later that'tho
first explpsions were made by huge fire
crackers. Finally,* in desperation, the
! audience charged on the men with, the
revolvers, and bearing them down got
to the oneexit which was open. There
they fought desperately ..to -reach the
street. The first explosion had;startled
the quarter and- as, the theater poured
its frantic-rcrowd; into Doyer street the
packed tenement -houses,' filled for the
most\ part \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 witn .; : Chinese - but with ; a
sprinkling- of white"; men and women,
added 'their 'crowds and for' the next
hour Chinatown was the~ : scene of 'the
wildest excitement. ' '- \u25a0'.-' -.". \u25a0_ £;>: \u25a0 />. ";
- When five policemen • managed -^to
force their way; into "the^theater?. they,
found five! men lying in ; pools -of %blood
and a pcore,more;hiding under. benches,'!
the -backs of 'which were' "splintered
with-bullets v * „- ' ~ ' ;
CHINESE FIGHT
BLOODY BATTLE
IN NEW YORK
Portsmouth Is
Ready for
vxuests.
State and City
Executives
. at Feud.
Special Dispatch to Tb* Call,
NEWCASTLE, N. H.. aqj. 6.—Presi
dent Roosevelt • had a purpose In order
ing that the Japanese envoys should
have precedence on the ,*rcaslon of the
reception of the plenipotentiaries at Oys
ter Bay yesterday. This was borne out
to-day by instructions which came
through Washington from the Third As
sistant Secretary of State. Mr.' Peirce,
v.-ho is President Roosevelt's representa
tive in looking after the comfort and
pleasure of the peace commissioners,
wired to Rear Admiral Meade. com
mandant of the navy yard, where the
meetings of the envoys are to be held,
and Governor McLane of New Hamp
shire, who. on the part of the State, is
to entertain 1 them, giving these two offi
cials final instructions.
The Russians are to have precedence.
On the arrival of the little squadron vZ
the envoys* vessels and the cruiser con
voy. Rear Admiral Meade i 3 first to board
the Mayflower, on which will be the Rus
sjan party. Then. he is to board the Dol
phin.-bearing..the Japanese commission
ers. \u25a0Th« Russian party, headed by Mr.
det Witte. Is to land first at the, navy yard
and be received with all honors. Then
the Japanese party, headed by Baron Ko
mura v is : to land and be received in- like
manner. ~ This order of precedence is to
be observed throughout the day.
There is an amusing feed oi> between
the Governor of New Hampshire and the
Mayor qf Portsmouth over the reception
of the envoys." When ft became known
that . the conference was to be held in
Portsmouth, the State of New Hampshire
decided that it would do the handsome
thing by the visitors, and asked for and
THE "WEATHER.
Forecast nade at San. Francisco for
thirty hours ending midnight. August
7. 1905:
j San Francisco j and vicinity— Fair
Monday with fog In the mornlmg; freea
•west winds. >
G. H. WILLSON,
Ijocal Forecaster.
Temporarily In Charge.\u25a0 k -r Remember * that \u2666REGULAR* Repub
lican Is RUEF Republican. •
\u25a0 ' " ' . ''. - \ ' L.
Xote (or the San Francteco Repabll
cta Uactir delegates and vote for cdvlc
deceacy.
Rabbi . Bernard •M. Kaplan of \u25a0\u25a0'. ;the
Bush-street ? : temple | delivered- his I first
anniversary sermon" at the Sabbath set
\ vice yesterday ".to a very large audience*/
I which * filled',; the I entire ; sacred '£ edifice.
Dr. Kaplan* delivered ;a • masterly j ser-'
mon on rellglon T as : the ultimate author
ity; of >the] moral ? law.- He ; pictured the
i home where*rellgriotjs.;influence."is; an
'important t in-sshaplng> character
as , compared* iwlth~th^: : .home -where
pleasure seeking^' is?;theVonly -aim , and
where everything^seems>to*.be.;permis
sible.' ; . :'- : "- : \- "\u25a0' \u25a0.:-..\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 x: - -.' '\u25a0\u25a0:-' ;
Rabbi . Speaka on Duty.
Forty-First District.;
I M. MaguirV ';v.; v . John ' Hayes^> \.
i. James Lavelle ; • -, '.' P. A. Burt
i ' Frank - O'Brien '\u0084 \u25a0 . - John : Sullivan. ..
! Stephen. O'Connor ..„ V- .
; .Forty-Second ; District. \
L T. G.'. Schallenberger ' v J. ¥"'.-\u25a0 Davis '"
C.I Duncan-' ;-- ,W." R. , Stone "
\u25a0H.May ' Eugene - Raff erty '
E.J. Muloney : .J.;ll.' Waldorf,
t George : E. v Ford - .- * . • -. .
?/>::):% \u25a0; Forty^Thlrd) District.
H; Lr Worthlngton i ' .E. J.* Reynolds
1 E.Mullen G.F.I Paulson .
Snyder - .... A. N.-. Davis. . •
" C. C. . Carroll .„ \u25a0 \u0084-.'., . ' .;.j ..
: Forty-FourtU District.
j- U. . Kirshbaum ,-,:'..\u25a0> Henry Vaca -.
I '. E. S.*' Hurley^, ;\u25a0 C " V,' OeorgeJi'W.'. Brown
1 • Peter_ Hansen •;.'-• '-;Vv; John .Cogorno- * '"\u25a0
\ Thomas Bayllss/ 't. \u0084 Ai« J.">Condrot ! _ \u25a0•\u25a0.\u25a0.'\u25a0'\u25a0
;WV T.< Duffy v; - = F. - . Baker..-- \u25a0% ;,:• .' ..
\u0084 i. ' Forty r Fifth -District. .
I V Joseph \u25a0\u25a0 C. i; Bacigalupi " Joseph Shinero
\ • Hugh ' McKevltt ?. V - Emil • Baclgalupl .\u25a0'
Joseph Cassio ;;:-V. \u25a0t'-'-'W.- LAna
" John ' Roach ~* .-\u25a0_ . xC. Gay.
Richard Cnsty of San Dlrg-o Blovrs Off
toe Top of Hl* Head With a
Sbotgao.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. C— During a fit of
temporary insanity yesterday after
noon Richard Catty, 24 years of age,
killed .himself on his father's ranch
near Alpine by blowing off the top of
his head with a shotgun. A short time
later the headless body was found by
the mother of the young man. For
some time past young Casty has been
subject to temporary attacks of Insan
ity, and only recently he ran away
from his home In this city and was lo
cated only after much difficulty. in
the hope of improving his health his
mother took him out to the ranch a
short time ago and he seemed to grow
slightly better.
Yesterday morning he took a shotgun
from the house and went out hunting.
When he had not returned at 4 o'clock
in the afternoon his mother went to
look for him, only •to flnd his body.
Oasty leaves, besides his mother, a
father. Richard Ca sty, and a brother
\u2666tnd 6'sier, all of. whom reside In this
city. y
YOUNG 3IAX KILLS HIMSELF
DURING FIT OF IXSANTTV
They Do Not Care .to Stand a« for
Scbmltz'sj, Re-election. . --V
The elevator conductors send the fol
lowing letter to The Call::- \u25a0;/\u25a0/\u25a0
BAN FBANCISCO, Cal, Aug. 8. 1805.
Editor of The Call: ;.:• : ;\ :•'•' i' : ' N
It has been \u25a0 called to , our • attention that it
appears in ; on© of „ tho dally' papers { published
to-day that / tha ~ Elevator: : Conductors" and
Starters' Schmitz Club.has-Indorsed*a-resolu
tion of the Building Trades Council ' which rec
ommends the re-election of aiayor \ Schmitz in
tho coming municipal election.', k;..,/- \ . .
\u25a0 In order that there can be.no misunderstand
ing regarding th« connection of the club above
mentioned with tha; Elevator. Conductors'; and
Starters' Unlon;.w« desire, to call^your atten
tion to the following.Cacls:. At a meeting of
the Elevator, Conductors'' end . Starters' ; Union
, held August 4, .• 1005,' * tha .' resolution of the
Building Trades Council .was . Introduced before
the meeting, but nor action* was taken thereon.
\u25a0After the meeting adjourned:; three or four
members of tha union organized the "Schmitz
Club" and passed a resolution t along: the same
lines as that of the Building. Trades Council.
\u25a0 We deem It. but fair to. all parties concerned
to. call your attention; to the fact. that any.ac
tion taken bythe so-called Elevator Conductors',
and \u25a0'\u25a0 Starters :. Schmitz ; Club iis • entirely . irre
spective of the : action •of i our union. Yours re
spectfully, \u25a0- -."\u25a0;•: .v-:_ ;..*\u25a0', E. B. RING,;. ;S-
Financial Secretary Elevator Conductors' and
r Starters' Union. \u0084 - .. • -•\u25a0\u25a0
ELEVATOR CONDUCTORS EXPLAIN.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 6.— Mrs. Sarah j.
Agnew, a pioneer resident of this coun
ty, died .early this morning at her
home at Agnew. She was the widow
of . Abram Agnew, after whom the
town of Agnew Is named. Mrs. Agnew
was SI years of age and a native of
Ohio. She came to California ha the
early fifties with her husband. ' They
subsequently returned East, but came
back to California In 1574 and-.lo
cated at the place which Is now kqflwa
as Agnew. Two children survivefaer.
J. B. Agnew, the well-known aeedman.
and Mrs. G. F. Smith.
DEATH CALLS aCRS. AGNETV. .. •"
LONDON, Aug. 6.— Another wealthy
American woman has decided to make,
her home in England. She is Mrs.
Franklyn Barton, who lived for some
years in St. Louis, but who has made
her home for some time past in New
York. Her husband accumulated his
fortune in railway and mining specula
tions and although she has not made
any great pretensions to wealth in the
United States she is understood to be
mistress of a couple of million dollars,
which amounts to a good deal here.
Ebe intends having both a London and
a country residence, and according to
negotiations that are at present pro
ceeding it Is probable that she will be
come the tenant, and perhaps the own
er, of the lovely residence In Cadogan
Gardens where Mrs.,Langtry lived when
«he was the reigning favorite of King
Edward, who was then Prince of
Wale*. He used to visit her there,
and It -was at that house occurred the
famous chunk of ice episode which so
chilled the royal backbone'and Bhocked
the Prince's sense of dignity that he
cut the Jersey Lily dead next day in
Hyde Park. One of the most commodi
ous mansions on the Earl of Cadogan's
estate, it has lost nothing in value be
cause of Its associations with royalty
and beauty. When it is let furnished
for the society season it commands
easily $1500 a month.
Mrs*J3arton's country residence will
be soSfewhere in the neighborhood of
Manchester, as she has family connec
tions with the great cotton city, from
whence her husband's ancestors came.
She is herself a native of New Bed
ford, Mass., and although she means to
make her home permanently in Eng
land she will pay annual visits to the
United States to look after some in
terests which she has In railways and
mines there.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 6.— One of, the
longest voyages from the Atlantic
coast of this country to San Diego Bay
was completed to-day when -the ship
Benjamin F. Packard, nine and a half
months from Baltimore, came in with
a cargo of Eastern coal for ..the
Spreckels Bros.' Commercial. Company.
The Packard ran Into a storm in the
South Atlantic and lost some of her
rigging. She was compelled to put lnta^rf
Montevideo, where she spent two^
months . refitting. She haa betn . 114
days from there... .. ...
Captain Sinclair reports a pleasant
trip. He was brought Into .the bay by
Captain Keith, the same pilot -who
brought the Packard across the bar
seventeen years- ago.
JOINS LONDON'S
YANKEE COLONY
SHIP BEXJAMIX F. PACKARD
7~» - MAKES PORT AT SAX DIEGO
: (LONDON, : Aug." 6."— By all T odds the
most striking thingabout the plans for
the coming theatrical' season in London
Is' the way American, plays dominate
the situation. Account for it* as you
like, either , by: the' oft-proclaimed "pov
erty" of the native drama, or the suc
cess won in the metropolis last year by
pieces from. across the water, the fact
remains that no previous dramatic y«ar
has started off with so many American
works underscored for production. Ac
cording to .'present' arrangements the
season will" open with' one of tnem— C.
M. S. : McLellan's new comedy, "On the
Love Path," in which Ellis Jeffreys is
to appear. , So far,; McLellan has two
big successes to his credit here— "The
Belle "of New .York" and "Leah
Kleschna," which is still running in St.
Martin's Lane- -and two failures. "Glit
tering Gloria" and "The Whirl of the
Town," so there is quite a bit of
curiosity to see "On the Love Path,."
It will be produced early in August by
Frederick Harrison of. the Haymarket,
who is rather noted for picking . win
ners. ' - - .
Charles Hawtrey Is now appearing at
tho Avenue in a short revival of his
old standby, "The Message From
Mars," but he has just announced his
intention of starting business next sea
son with "The Crisis." the dramatiza
tion of Churchill's novel which Hackett
used in the United States. Whether the
venture will succeed is another mat
ter, but It will 'be Interesting at all
events to see Hawtrey as an American.
The, name of tho piece Is likely to be
changed for use in this country, as it is
generally associated with the English
version of Augier's "Les Fourchani
bault," which was -played at the Hay
market.'
If present arrangements hold, the
Duke of York's, now 'occupied, by Bar
ries "Alice Sit-by-the-Fire." will,. be
reopened by Frohman - with Gillette In
his, new play," "Clarisse." "The Dicta
tor" has been withdrawn temporarily
at the Comedy, but will be put on again
as soon as the hot weather Is over, and
afterward Collier will be seen jin Au
gustus Thomas', play, "On the Quiet."
Martin ; Harvey ! is : coming: buck to town
early In the fall with a new play, which
ho has just- accepted; from" Marlon
Crawford.^.. lt is unnamed as yet, but
Martin Harvey describes it as "serious"
and; says he hopes to do even better
with it than he has done with that
other. Crawford play, "A : Cigarette
maker's, Romance." , " .
7 Another -American-made play which
will be seen early in- the coming season
is Stanislaus Stange's "School, for
Husbands," which ; Jessie Mill ward, lost
to this country for over six years, Is
going, to probably at Terry's.
'Meanwhile .-plans 'are -well advanced for
reopening the Shaftesbury under , the
Shubert management with the 'Amer
ican \ musical piece, "Fantana," and ? I
understand that the .only thing not : yet
settled regarding Dave Warfleld's com-
Members'- of Union Labor Party Rally
; ;V X '"'.' "»t Blectriclnn«'.HalLy. v ,'-';.V',
A- crowd of Union Labor! party mem
bers met at Electricians' Hall yester
day afternoon and cheered lustily every
time'' the 'name of Mayor, Schmitz 'was
mentioned '_ by the* speakers ."who .' ad
dressed them.. -Y{- |'. : , - V- -. \u0084;
It was both a business and 'a cam
paign meeting. J. J. de Vecmon was
elected secretary, of the party and J.
J.Furey. treasurer to fill vacant offices.
The following campaign committee
was selected by ballot:
Twenty-elehth District— L. .. R. .. Whitmora,
Frank Carney. James Cossrova.
Twenty-nlnthx-Frank McLaughlln, Thomas
Farrell, J. J. Hughes. . '
Ihlrtieth— O. •T. M. -. Ledwldth, J. J.
Manghaa. H. G/ William*. . • '' "
Thirty-Bret — J. J. McTlernan, C. Slskrow.
J. J. Kenney. ' •\u25a0 ' \u25a0 t \u25a0
Thlrty-iecond— Henry Craig, John Mauml. L.
Urbal*. -
Thirty- third— H. Baubroock, M. J. Nolan, H.
Schmitz. -.-. • - . . . •\u0084 •
Thirty-fourth— J. Ireland, J. B. Stone, J.
Herllhy.
Thirty-fifth— Thoma* McDonald, F. Weston
berger. - -
Thirty-sixth— P. Barry, Fr*nk Haskell, H.
Manter.
Thirty-seventh — J. , J. Murphy, J. J.. Mc-
Glnnis, J. J. Morlarty. < . i
Thirty-eighth — T. Rentleman, M. Crowe. L.
>T. Jacks.. .- . . . :
I Thirty-ninth — Charles Noonan, P. O. OTJon
i nell, P. McGcldrlck. -. • . - ; ; \u25a0 .
Fortieth— U O. - Rouke, E. S. Yates, P. ' J.
Lang. . \u25a0 ' ' \u25a0 \u25a0 . -.. --; ,-,;\u25a0
Forty-first— P. Crowley, T. • Decerilde, P.
Broßlau. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0< \u25a0 , \u25a0
Forty-second — A. Porter,' 3. D. Maldes. J.
Hodskin. '-
Forty-third — J. Tletz, M. Manlock.
Forty-fourth — E. Corlade, A. . Gusta. E. Ce
' denoth. --\u25a0•-\u25a0' • - ,' • \u25a0 \u25a0": . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 v
Forty-fifth — J. Barback, D. '; Bevanlatl.
Thomas Mackln. r , -"\u25a0';•-.. ,. . . .. . v . •
After the selection of the-jcjimpajgn
committee Thomas Egan.'^Jpl^H. Mo^*
Car thy, George ;D." Benham, Judge A.B.
Treadwell and;S. Brower spoke In sup
port of the -administration .and .the re
election of Mayor Schiriitz. ". T. C. Zarat
w^as called the | front ' and 'startled
the audience by " saying ' that - ; he « was
"still In the air" < and did \u25a0 not : knoW
which way. he .should^ vote. "I^dp' not'
believe," he said,, "that* any of the regu
lar parties in this,city ( will dare touch
the Citizens' Alliance Inow, and I. feel
free to act as my, cqnsciehce' dictates."
LONDON GOSSIP
OF THE STAGE
SCHMITZ IS INDORSED.
ing visit in "The Music Master" is the
exact date.
"When Eleanora Duse's season at the
Waldorf came to an end a few days ago
It was. officially -. announced- that the
great tragedienne would >. be - seen no
more in: the metropolis.* "Slsnora Duse
is wishful of retiring, from the stage,"
observed an Inspired statement from
th ©^theater.. "She is^ anxious to settle
down in: her Italian. riome/V' l^- 3 a mat
ter '". of fact. - Duse isn'^t coming back
here* because she is "sore" on London.
At the Waldorf she played to practi
cally empty benches. She always has
played to empty benches in the metro
polis, .and she means to suffer this in
dignity no more. Speaking generally,
London, which has become almost to
tally frivolous, doesn't care a hang for
foreign actors. Even Bernhardt. has to
have a spectacular piece, such as "An
gelo" or "La Sorclere," if she hopes to
make money here. Rejane and Coque
lln have a . slight following but there
Is practically no Interest in any other
continental actors. Ristorl never drew
here and neither did Rossi nor Salvinl.
Quite recently a lot of interest was
aroused here by the announcement
that Mrs! Patrick Campbell and H. B.
Irving, Sir Henry's talented son. were
I about to join forces. It has now been
decided that they will appear— possibly
on both sides of the. water- — In a dra
matic version of "Tristram and Iseult,"
by J. Comyns Carr, who wrote "King
Arthur" for Sir Henry Irving, and re
cently adapted "Oliver Twist" for Beer
bohm Tree. Carr says that his play
embodies many incidents and situations
described in the original legend which
Wagner probably thought - unsuitable
for * musical treatment. . These Include
the earlier fortunes of the' hero in Ire
land and the healing of his poisoned
wound by the . magic power of King
Gormon's daughter. All fortune to the
venture, but it 'is one regarding which
It would be risky to prophesy.
Alfred Sutro, whose play, "The Walls
of Jericho," is now well past its 350 th
night at the Garrick, has Just placed
two new works. One called "The Way
of a Fool" has been taken by Lewis
Waller, who will use It at tha Imperial;
the other ; was written especially for
Ellis Jeffreys and will be done by her
In the United .States when she- sets
back in January next. " Meanwhile It
will ; be Interesting to see If American
play-goers take kindly to "The Walls
Estimates as to the number of votes
that will be cast In San Francisco at the
primary election to-morrow vary all the
way from 30,000 to 50,000.
Enthusiastic, supporters of the Republi
can League predict a popular .uprising of .
citlzans who have hitherto neglected the
Important duty of vpting at 'the primary.
If the uprising takes place, even in an or
dinary degree, and the vote exceeds 35,000
the league ticket will win. On the other
hand, if a very large percentage of the
87.000 registered voters stay away from
the polls the grafters wilr carry the -day.
It is a sure thing that the grafters will
vote, hence. the pertinent Inquiry is ad
dressed to citizens by the San Francisco
Republican League. "What will you do?"
The most remarkable phase of the con
test is the attitude of the grafters in
using the term "Regular Republican."
Reports come from the Thirty-sixth Dis
trict that several -wel} meaning citizens
have been deceived by the representation
of Ruefters that tickets In opposition to
the San Francisco Republican League
were authorized by the Republican Coun
ty Committee. The plain facts are that
the county committee by an overwhelm
ing vote rejected the proposition ad
vanced by Ruef and Ach to organize
against the league.
The San Francisco Republican League
leader? are in possession of positive in
formation that Ruef pays for the print
ing, folding and addressing of all the op
position tickets. In the Thirty-sixth, as
in every other Assembly district, the only
Republican ticket is the ticket put for
ward by the San Francisco Republican
League and It ia plainly designated
"Anti-Ruef." Voters should beware of
every ticket that Is not heralded as.
"Anti-Ruef."
The fact is well known all , along the
line, and Republican voters should not
lose sight of it to-morrow, that the 80
called "Regular Republicans" marching
under Ruef's colors are the out and out
supporters of the Schmitz administration,
and the only "purpose they have In view
in seeking election as delegates to the
Republican local convention \u25a0is to < nomi
nate a man for Mayor . who will be an
easy mark for Schmitx. Ruef fancies
that this party betraya,l dodge is clever
politics and he plumes himself on his
cleverness as a politician every time he
betrays his party.
It is represented to the Republican
League that Frank French of Sacramento
boodllng notoriety is doing Ruef s poll
tics in the Thirty-fourth Assembly Dis
trict. F. V. Severance, who was known
as French's Assemblyman, ' heads . the
Ruef ticket- Edward Short, ; who was
one of French's clerks in the Legislature,
is on the ticket. In the main the ticket
is composed of old-time losers. The
bunch if elected, would take the Ruef
programme off the reel. \ Republicans
who hold that the district should be
honorably represented in the Republican
local convention .will vote for the anti-
Ruef ticket of the San Francisco Repub
lican League. The name of,C M. Ritter
heads the only genuine Republican ticket
in the Thirty-fourth. .
One of the delegates on the Severance
ticket belonged to the jury that acquitted
"Chaw" Casey of fighting his bulldogs
at the Mission on Sunday.
The camera will play a part. In the
primary election contest to-morrow. A
ballot-box etuffer hates a camera. The
proof obtained by the photographer can
not be sworn away! The
League proposes < to use the camera In
precincts where the stuffing of the
grafter is notorious. -In- the Twenty
eighth and Twenty-ninth districts row
dies, ex-convicts and shady characters
threaten to do Ruef politics. It is a safe
proposition to wager that the workers
for the Republican League will • not be
; chased away from " the precinct' voting
i places.
The prospects of defeating Maestretti
in the Thirty-ninth District are bright.
I The house to house canvass assures the
! success of the "Wheela^Casslfiy move
ment to oust the Maestretti , gang.;. In
this district the United Independent Club
Is allied with the Ban Francisco Repub
lican League. .'/;' . .
Citizens of the Thirty-ninth who desire
that the district shall be ably and credit
ably represented In the , local
convention should support the ticket
headed by Fairfax H. , Wheelan. ./ .
The Maestretti: delegates if .elected
would be compelled to tlirow the true in
terests of the district' to the winds and
take whatever programme "; Ruef pre
sented. *' '
A vote for the antl-Ruef ticket is a vote
I fnr the orosnorltv and rlavalnnment of the
Thirty-ninth. Later on the ' citizens can
give Maestretti a certificate to the effect
that he is honest in his desire of "vindi
cation." ' ,
LOS ANGELES. Aoig. 6.— To th« deadly
combination of an instantaneous gas
heater and a small un ventilated bath
room Is ascribed the death of Miss Grace
Murray at the Cain. Second and Olive
streets, on Saturday night. Autopsy Sur
geon Campbell to-day made an examina
tion of the remains of the young woman,
who was soon to be happily wedded, and
found unmistakable evidences of gaa
poisoning. With the passing of Miss Mur
ray the gas heater and ' the unventilated
cubbyhole bathroom have claimed eight
victims in less than two. years in Los
Angeles. ; \u25a0. -. . - • ->- : \u25a0• > *
Miss Murray was a beautiful girl, aged
22 years. She had baen employed as
stenographer by a wholesale "house . for
two years. "Within three weeks she was
to become the bride o£ F. W.'.Whlttaker
of the "freight department of the South
ern Pacific. Saturday night' she went to
the. bathroom to wash her hair, and an
hour later was found dead on the floor.
LEAGUE IS GQNRIDENT
RUEF WILL BE DOWNED
Heavy Vote Is Counted Qn and Victory
Over Gangsters Seems Assured: v
\u25a0 Remember, our aim Is to emulate th« charac
ter and example of the first Union Labor Con
vention.' %
Following Is the list of delegates:
Twenty-Eighth District. v
John Vance Thompson. James Rogerson
Chris. Jortall 1 .M. L. West ,
Thomas, Rooney. . John Reynolds
Neil M. Gillaway •' Thomas Kelly.
H. B. Taylor , , • .-,:\u25a0,; v
Twenty-Ninth District.
Guy Lathrop P«ter Farrell :'.: '. '
E. A. Brltt J. H. McDermott .
Peter McQrath -J. Ryan ; : ••"
Joseph Tynan W. C. Callopy
P, Plerson >" D. Moriarlty
James McDonald Frank Maloney ;
Thomas Ryan": VJosepn Welter. .
'; Thirtieth District.
'A; P. Breslln W. J.- Comer
J. Mahoney Albert Zabrescl •
\u25a0\u25a0'.H. A/A. Summers H. Williams.-;
Stuart 1 L. Freetch* : \u25a0 " .-
A. G-. Brophy \u25a0 J. .V. Duncan
Orln StodUart " ' ' James Fitzgerald \u25a0;.• •:
D. McLaughlln John Grace.
•>, \u25a0 Thirty-First District.
C L.* Schilling :.:" John Bogan - •
M. Shaughnessy . James Donovan
.J. McNamara C. \u25a0W/ Drews . , ,
Tim Lynch' . ; ' Edward = Larkln , ••'.', :\u25a0;';
Charles O.- Nelson Frank : Slavln
J ,T. Fagan _ Richard Furlonu
Pat T. Cnlllgan ' Jamts. Sheehy.
Thirty-Second District. •
G. H.Bell T. J. Regan
J J. Breslin . Fred Kirsh .
John Reardon ": B. C. Watson
J. . C. Lynch • • Dennis O'Connor
T. Furlong . E. F. Krout
E. W. Horton -..' J. Dolan.--^v"'-:;^.:
. : Thlrty-Taird.'Dlstrlct.
John Denehey \u25a0! D.'A." McDonald
George Curran Lawrence > Smith
G. W. Lane. John Fenton
- J. Lynch /. ~ John ' Stelner
Tlm-McGrath \u25a0 J. : F.: McNamara.' ; ;
Thirty-Fourth District.
A M. Fsrdeman -*J. H.; Roxburg . '
W. E. L«e . < W: J. Kenny
',M. S. Orcutt Milton Clark: '.
F. ; P. Noonan ' W. J. . Chapman. . :\u25a0*: : t
J. F. Riley * ,
; Thirty-Fifth District.
John \u25a0 Rogerson . . '. A. E. O'Neil
Charles Brewer i;' J. P. - Lightbody
. Robert Higgina •E. Drisoh :. :
• N; T. c Doran \u25a0 James 1 O'Connor.
; Thirty-Sixth District.
' Charles ; Melrose _• Peter Pallien '
: Dan F. Fattenham J. F. Ghlselll V
H.'P/'Budde ' Frank • L.-: Murphy
: ' E. j Connelly '\u25a0 ' E. • J. : Deaver *\u25a0 \u0084 , . .
-E.- Nelson \u25a0•! < George Lelgelmeyer '--\u25a0\u25a0
• Philip- Brady r . *.C.;H. Mesner.
;/; District: ;i
Philip iMcSwegah." '. 'Alfred Gownee \u25a0
H. H.\ Heath \u25a0•'•;''\u25a0' :' James ' Ingalberg -'"-.-'
George Littlejohn 7 ; M. J. Hogan ,
Harry "Smith;- •' • :; James • McGulmess '.-.
.Thirty-Eighth District.
rAlj-Furth * ; J< J^HasUngs *. %'
. Con "Carroll : , T.B. r Swan ..;
; James •" Lawless i • •, F.' ; H.-. Seaby. \u25a0 .
"-F. 1 McCarthy '• \u25a0 Robert Keyes. \u25a0 '- \ :
•-W.-V.-Spiller'' . \u25a0 * \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0"\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0
. *: Tlilrty-Mnth District. : .
E.. G. Meyers ."Robert '" Kenny
\u25a0 James -Murnanc * S. Jacobowitz."
'• R: A: McLaughlln ; ; • F. > R.' Sprague ,
: Charles Breslln ; ' '-\u25a0; 'J. \u25a0 H. , Weldeman.'
\u25a0v^.'^-i,-. : ; Fortieth; Distrlct v ;, ; . ; .:-^
.Timothy Longi . : John Bogan - -• *\u25a0
J. P. t Hartnett ; ; Eugene? Tlphll ,
- \u25a0 - -. -:\u25a0-. !-*\u25a0 - •- --•-'.'\u25a0' .' -' \u25a0\u25a0--. ..-*- .' J .. _\u25a0 - \u25a0t ' -'" - -..-\u25a0*- L
The Anti-Ruef United Labor League,
an organization created by union work
ingmen -who refuse •to acknowledge
Ruef asthelr master a»d dictator, has
nominated a ticket of delegates in
every Assembly district of -the city.
The . founders of the league issue the
following address to the labor vote of
San Francisco:' ' \u0084
TO ALL UNION LABOR MEN AND THEIR
' , SYMPATHIZERS. . ...
I ; . Your attention Is called to the within sticker
containing the names of Union Labor men,
offering themselves as delegates to the Union
Labor Convention. ' . \u25a0 • ' * :
The -effort lp >now- being honestly made to
' create a Union -Labor convention .which will
be union labor IN FACT as well as In name.
The first Union Labor convention was an
honest representation of labor In this city.
: It was free and independent, and it command
ed the respect and to a greater extent- it com
manded the 'votes- of union labor than any
"convention' has since. ' ''-.'.'\u25a0 : •
The last two conventions of 'the Union Labor
party have been the creatures of Air. Abe
Huef- He has been the colitical boss.
Mr. Ruef does not even claim allegiance to
the- Union' Labor party. The- tickets, he has
dictated .he himself has not supported. He
does not now promise to euxiport the labor
ticket. \u25a0 He - proclaims himself a Republican.
\u25a0At. this time by every corrupt means known
to the political wire puller he is endeavoring
to encompass the election of his political chat
telt, \u25a0\u25a0"•"\u25a0 to both Republican and' Unian Labor
conventions, his avowed . purpose being to sup
port only the candidate for Mayor on the
Union Labor, ticket end trade off all the rest
of the candidates. • .»..*-..'.
The scheme is a bold .one indeed, but not
calculated !to enlist the \u25a0 sympathies of honest
men in either party. We believe, that political
parties were created -for the purpose of ad
.vancing principles . that would redound to the
•advantage of a free people. '
Mr. Ruef is a mercenary boss. To make
himself, rich in the -material things of the
world he la in politics. :-. He Is rich now beyond
measure. He could retire now with more
money, than any. two political bosses that ever
controlled politics in San Francisco. -If he is
permitted; to a boss for, the -next two years
he will, by the , corrupt methods ".he Is .now
pursuing be- many times ; a millionaire, all of
\u25a0.which' wilUbe'!squcezed-:out;ot the people by
.diverse- and, .-.various means- of ..blackmail .-and
graft. :.: ~,7. 1 \u25a0- •-\u25a0\u25a0c.i, -\u25a0''?'.\u25a0 •-.• -'r i --".: ;
= -To 'carry, jcmt his objects'" he stope"ndt at
encouraging perjury,: nor.. ballot? box. staffing,
as evidenced by the" conviction of^three of his
heelers In the last year; he has broken up
labor meetings -with his gang of job holders;
he has • created yriota 1 -UDon. 1 the .streets ; of the
city and he has shielded himself from prose
cutions for crimes behind his certificate, to
practice." law.-"".* '' " \u25a0\u25a0' - '\u25a0 '' ' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0
This* picture-, of. Abe ' Kuef, . politician and
grafters is -not; a* pleading one/ '.\u25a0.'•' ~
What Are You Going to Do About It?
..'Are you going -to be a party to his dishonest
political; methods and their > resulting graft, to
the utter disgrace of San Francisco, and to the
dishonor of every union labor man in this city;
or, .are you going to help elect a, convention
that will repudiate Ruef and his methods? -
„ Every man upon the sticker here presented to,
you for your consideration is a bpna tide union
labor man, carrying: a union card. If elected
these men . will " fdrm a convention that will be
truly A FRKE AND REPRESENTATIVE LA
BOR.CONVENTION. They will wear no collar
and by their conduct will place such a ticket
in the field that union labor can honestly sup
port — a ticket which will redeem. the good name
of union labor, co long disgraced by association
with Mr. ;' Abraha m'; Ruef. \u25a0 ,- •
If you are in harmony with' the Ideas -here
expressed, viz: the rescuing -of - union labor
from the base uses It has Deen put by Abe
Ruef and his creatures, you will take 'this
sticker containing the names of union labor
men with you Into the .voting booth and paste
it into the Xlnion Labor ballot. You will then
have performed \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 your duty, unless i t may -be
that your usefulness in the cause of good gov
ernment could be. enlarged somewhat by going
to your " neighbor or friend and inducing him
to do likewise. . : /
city in which to live. See- to It now that a:
new order of things takes place of the old one>
and that the fair fame or tne city helps on' Its |
growth and enrichment, as it should. -
.Politics may now be reformed. . aa they need
to be. I make no apology lor using that word
here and now. Religion ib simply God con
trolling the life, .of which politics la an Im
portant part. It Is my proper business to men
tion It and to dwell upon it.. In.Xhls city a re
form 13 sorely needed. Men should not ba.
chosen to office because "they seek It, or be
cause they practically buy it. by promises of
patronage If not with casn. Men should not
be chosen to office because they are decided by
a party convention to be available. Even good
men are not always to be cnosen. since good
men are not always equal to new responsibili
ties nor proof against new temptations.
Chooae reliable men to nominate re
liable men, anil then exercise your best
judgment In voting for them. In no
other way ran we change "the present
disgraceful and most -dangerous condi
tion of things, In which politics is
spelled B— r— a— f— t.
To " be ruled by incompetents, by self
seekers who have no patriotism/ by mana
gers of: a business that seens for profit alone,
not minding- the cost In character and blood'
of that business; by men who swear to do cer
tain duties and do them only when privately
paid for It, by r men who euuU not secure en
trance Into ' the • drawing-rooms of th« better,
class of. citizens because, they have not the
character to permit them to b« received there.
Is a disgrace to any city. It Is such a dis
grace to a city that language of the utterly de
cent sort cannot set it forth* From all of this
that Is actual, and from ail that we see to be
possible, let us now free ourselves In fair San
Francisco.
Dr. I. C. Meserve Calls Upon Citizens; to
Go to Primaries and Vote Right'
The Rev. I. C. Meserve. D. D., pastor .
of Plymouth Congregational Church, last!
night made urgent reference to -the need j
of casting, votes for; strong and good of
ficials for San Francisco; and said It
would be nothing i short of criminal to
neglect to vote at the primary. His re
marks were made from the pulpit.
"Choose reliable men to nominate re
liable men,"' he advised.
Among other things Dr. Meserve said:
The citizens of San Francisco- have now the
opportunity of saying who shall be nominated
for officers of the city. Hitherto the party
leaders have done this ana the voters could
only ratify at the polls, or refuse to ayote.
Now we have a chance to do the nominating
ourselves. Let every man among you eetze
that chance without* fail. One -thing to bo
done Is to break "boss"' rule in this city. It
is imperialism of the .worst sort. The Czar is
n6 more an. autocrat than is the "boss."
And we are free Americans, better
able to say what shall be ' done In the
city than Is the boss, who is never by
any chance a first-class- man. Arouse
yourselves nnd rdo your "duty, which
means govern: yourselves, and put the
•'boas" out of business. /
There is need of a" broom brigade in the
City Hall. Sweeping' Is called for. It Is sim
ply common- knowledge that such is the case.
Another administration win De more creditable
to such a city as this than the one now In
power. It Is time that men were chosen to
office because they are every way fit for it. not
because they happen. to want It. Boandals aro
not creators of good reputation for a city. The
land at large cannot thin«c or us as a desirable
EMMENT DIVINE URGES BROOMS
FOR CLEANING CITY HALL
Workingmen Refuse to Be
Led bj Boss ol ttie
COVINGTOX. Ky., Aug 6. — Congress
man Rhinock made known to-night the
name of the person who furnished Rob
ert •W. Criswell, editor of the New
Torker, with libelous* information re
garding Alice Roosevelt's visit to the
Latonia race track, where she was in
troduced to Rhinock. It was Criswell's
cjose friend, George Mortimer .Roe, who
is now located in California. He wrote
Rhinock from Los Angeies, admitting
the authorship of the information.
Rhinock will turn over the letter to the
New York authorities. Crlswell com
mitted suicide last Thursday night in
New York by leaping in front of a sub
way train.
Roe's letter reads:
J. L. Khlnock. Covington, Ky. — Dear Sir:
In a fragmentary way, through the newspapers
and personal notes. I bave learned vt me
criminal proceedings brought by you against
R. \V. Crlswell for uttering certain charges
against or concerning you In New York, and
In the same indirect way I have learned that
it war not so much to punish Crtswtll' that
you brought proceedings as it was to smoke
out the name of the person who had given
faia the Information. It was never necessary
tor you to go to all that trouble if your only
purpose wu to secure the name of the in
formant. .
1 never attempted to conceal my Identity in
the matter and If I were ever disposed to fur
nish anonymous information I certainly could
have had no reason for doing no In this in
stance. I wrote the Information to Criswell
in a personal note, not for publication, but I
was indifferent. I will b« frank to say, as to
whether he printed it or not.
I gave it to him as I have given him other
Information and as he htd givtn it to me in a
personal correspondence that we have carried
00 at Intervals for many years* I wrote a
letter to htm at the time when the newspapers
of Cincinnati, particularly the Post and the
<7itlxens* Bulletin were full of g-oesip concern-
Ing Alice Roosevelt's •'•islt to Cincinnati and
Latonla. In the letter I Inclosed a clipping
from Mr. Pendleton's paper reciting the in
troduction episode, \u25a0which you will no doubt
recall.
I sent the letter and clipping mere as my
contribution to "The Gayety of Nation*" as
idle gossip. a« was much of the other stuff
that was printed at the time. As to any mal
ice in the premises, how could there have
been any? I don't believe you would know
in* If you should meet me face to face and I
doubt if I should know you under the same
circumstances. We have never nfet, to my
recollection, but once and then about some i
trifling- business which made but little if any
impression on my mind.
I might as well be charged with harboring
malice against some cf. the prophets of the
Old Testament. Now as to the statement con
cerning the Indictment, about which consid
erable, I understand, has been written:
An Instrument purporting to be an indict
ment of J. X*. Rhinock. for snatching a wad
of bills from an old farmer was placed tn my
hands by County Clerk Hubbard Schwartz and
1 road It. . . . - - '
To thU I will qualify at any . time. As to
•whether there Is another J. I* Rhinock in
Covington or Newport, cr as to whethsr the
instrument I handled and read is a forgery. I
cannot «ay. If it is forgery it would seem to
me that you have a duty to perform in the ,
premises — to hunt down the forgerji
Special DUpatch to The Call
GAS KILLS GIRL WTO
WAS SOON TO MAEEY
SAN DIEGO.' Aug. &— The cheerfulntin
that has been /apparent about* tho t*ca- >
porary, hospital at the. Government tar
racks was changed to-day, when It was
rumored about* the wardroom and else
where that the death roll of tho Bennlng
ton was likely to be Increased to sixty
stx. Frederick A. Mueller, one of the
more seriously Injured of the sailors. Is
rapidly sinking. Mueller 13.a native of
Denmark, and has been a member of the
navy for many years."- His. last enlistment
was at San Francisco. He has no rela
tives, as far as is known nero, and his
enlistment papers show "No relatives."
He Is between 41 and « years of ago. It
Is said he may live, but the chances are
at present on the other side.
The sessions of the court of Inquiry
are to be renewed to-morrow, morning.
and it is promised that they .will be con
cluded before the dose of the week. Aa
soon as the report of the court Is com
pleted . the Chicago and the Benninyton
will leave for Mare Island, the former
tawing the latter. w
The wounded are to be sent north to*
Mare Island Hospital, but whether they
will go by train or by vessel has yet to
bo determined. The necessity for the
change arises from the fact that, skin
grafting must be resorted to In a number
of cases, and the present improvised hos
pital Is not the best for such an opera
tion. Mare Island Hospital is fitted prop
erly for such work. While not all of the
Injured will require this treatment a num
ber will, and will be taken north.
Orders have been issued for the Boston,
now at Puget Sound, to. proceed to Pan
ama to relieve the Princeton. Thl3 is the ~»
work that the Bennlngton was expected
to do.
Ticket of Delegates Is Nomi
*; Dated and War Will
V Bs Waged.--.\u25a0. \u25a0
Injured Men Will Be Brought
North ; to Be Operated On
at, Mare Island Navy Yard
Tells Congressman That His
Intentions in the Affair
Were Not Malicious
WEITES TO KHIXOCK
Owing to Inadvertence on the part of- girls employed., to Insert
pasters of the San -Francisco Republican League in addressed' envelopes,
pasters of the Forty-second Ansembly District were incorrectly mailed
to citizens of General Precinct 11 of the Fortieth Assembly District.
This precinct is bounded- by Pierce,. FUlmore, Post,. Pine and. California
streets, and the polling place is the booth opposite 1700 Pierce street.
Prompt K'.caxurea liave been taken to rectify the error, yet voters dwell
ing within tbc above boundaries should closely scan their tickets. Here
is tbc genuine nnti-Rucf ticket of the San Francisco Republican
League for the Fortieth Assembly District:
Albert K. Castle, Castle Bros., Couunlsslon Merchants. ...... .2310 Clay
Edward Kelly, 1623 Pine. Thomas Kelly & Sons' Stables
Joseph Marks, 2308 Buchanan '.. . • .Broker
Hugo D. XeTrhousc, 1523 Pine. ...:... .Attorney
George A. Hare, Adjuster California .Street Railroad Co. . .1510 Franklin
Alfred Llllcnfeld, ISS3 Sutter .....:. Merchant
William R. Wheeler, Manager Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson, Hard
ware . . . .' 2101 California
William 11. Cobb, 1522 Buchanan Attorney
B. S. Dlckhoff, 2305 Pine .. ... .Druggist
Harrle C. Uisss. 2130 Sutter » Otis Elevator Compiiuy
Charles Kcllus, 2415 Wa5hingt0n .............. ... . . .The Hub Clothiers
E. J. Ensign, 2007 Pine. ..'..' . . . : . .Attorney
Thomas Slorffew, 17C5 Pine. . . ... .". Dentist
Sam Danncsbauni, 2219 California .'. Salesman
Hamilton A. Bauer, 2700 California Attorney
Henry Thompson, 2541 Sutter . .'. .Collector
Morris J. Blackman, 2520 S utter ............ .Plumber
Walter J. Dyer, 1613 Flllmore '.Architectural Iron AVorks
Charles Packscher, 2521 Sacramento ................... ... .Accountant
Patrick J. Mehegan, 23-17 Pine ; . .V . ... ..... .Blacksmith
Sam IV. Levy, 1061 Octavla \u25a0'.'. Merchant Tailor
Edward B. Rend, 1728 Fillmorei .'. . .3lerchant :
Daniel A. Ryan, 3010 Clay ; .Attorney,
Hartley F. Peart, 2100 Bush ... . Attorney
Ballot-box staffer* \rlll be closely -watched to-morrow. The Be- ,;-^
publican League has the names of falsely registered persons and the
•-•. utmost vigilance will be-used to checkmate fraud. \u25a0 * ._':'" \u25a0'
The following notice was Issued from the league headquarters, last
night: .. :'"' : '. •' '": ' - '. . = *" - »
'•The San Francisco Republican League \rlll pay; two hundred and
fifty dollars for the arrest and conviction of any man; who commits
on August 8, 1905, any; crime against the primary election laws; or for
the arrest and conviction' of any, election officer who refuses to perform '\u25a0'
, his duty as an election oflleer." - " \u25a0.-\u25a0>_ i> c y.*
COURT ? .TO KECOXYEXE
WHONG TICKET IS SENT
TO 11t h OF 40th.
UNION LABOR
MEN OPPOSED
TO ABE RUEF
'.Man Now in This State Ad
mits Having Told Cris
well About In! induction
REWARD TOR ARREST OF STAFFERS.
Sailor in the Hospital at
San Diego Sinking TVith
Small Chance of Eecovery
EDITOR'S FRIEND
HIS INFORMANT
MAY JOIN DEAD
OF BENNINGTON
PROSPECTS FOR OUSTING OF GRAFTERS ARE BRIGHT
TPIE SAN-FRANCI^
The grafters throughout the city are using the term ".Regular Republican" in efforts to boost the Ruef tickets.* The so-called "Regu
lars" are in fact Ruefters, as Ruef pays' the Japanese for folding, addressing anid mailing the tickets. There is no genuine regular ticket
of the Republican party other than that put forward by the, San Francisco Republican League, and in every district the ticket is plainly
* designated Anti-Ruef. The so-called. Republican delegates on \Ruef tickets have nothing in common with the Republican party. They
belong to the Schmitz administration gang," and stand for Ruef politics. ',• §||||g : . "\u25a0
of Jericho" when James K. Hackatt ap
pears In that witty diatribe against
London's smart set.
2
Olson's Market ma^£!t
''•; SPECIALS FOR MONOAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY
Sirloin Steak.. ...-.....'© lb-12%c Rnmp Roast .....@ 11). Tc'V
' Tenderloin Steak ......_© lb. 15c Bolllnjr Beef ..© lb. . sc*'
Round Steak ® lb. 7C7 C Reef Stew. .. ..V. ....... .® lb. . .Be
\ Coffee and Tea Department*
THE GREATEST PROFIT-SHARING -PRKMTU3I LIST EVER OFFERSD IV
SAN FRANCISCO— Step In and see our Premiums. Save the Checks anoT Cer-
tificates. ASK FOR CATALOGUE.
SPECIAL PRICES FOR ONE WEEK.
; Mocha and Java Coffee, highest grade, regularly 40c lb.. 30c 1b....2 lbs S"ic
All 50c (trades of Tea 5 ...."....... . ... per lb 4O«»
-Kona Blend Coffee, regularly 26c lb ......:.;..... „-. .« lbs. 35e
Grocery Department*
Virgin Castile Soap @ bar SSc , 2 cans Marshall Sardines. ...... 25e
0 jeans Deviled Ham ............... 25c 8 cakes Royal Savon Soap. 25e
3 cans Alaska Salmon.... :..25cie cans Griffin's Pork and Beans 25c
SO Lbs. SPRECKELS 5UGAR.... 81. 00
Wines and Lujuors— Phone South 222
r ABBEY PORT AND SHERRY, reg. 75c. same as last sale.. * =-»? •:-.«
ST. LA\V-RENCE ZINFANDEiI. rjtg. 75c; this wine absolutely "the* genuine
AMErVcAN "CLUB BOURBON*." r'ek'. Vsio." .' .* .' .' .* .' : *.* * ."-* '/. '. '" " " " ' ' *^-f *ci 5 -^
OLDCROW WHISKEY. W. A. Galnes & Co.; reg. $4 00 \ * [*' ' ' '' '\u25a0' "St SA*"*-;
J. H. CUTTER'S A. NO. I WHISKEY. Sherwod & Sherwood^ leadVrVr^ 90c""
" LIEBIG'S MALT EXTRACT.* a pure \u25a0 "tonic for* your health; reg'li.Vo*. ; dom?«lT«L%
\u0084 . BUTTER?AND EGG DEPARTMENT.--
CREAMERY-BUTTER^ REGULAR SIZE SQUARE ' „— .««»*. <t»'v:» 1
FRESH EGGS, quality guaranteed. ..;:#. ...7.:. ' V.V..V V p " "^ nn l "^* 3 J,I2SA
Forthe entircweek we .will display! in our show window a Vew'of the TPremium^-
> . to , be given for the return : of isleton ;Butter ; and iTleton^ream ilbaia.
Fish Department.Don't otay at home and tkiak one
vote- doesn't cuunt. It docs.
sao Francisco People Who Are Guentft
at the Hotel.
CORONADO. Aug. C. — The following
Ban Franciscans are among the recent
arrivals at Hotel del Coronado: \
L. Kalcsky, Charles M. Reynolds. Mrs.
Frank W. King, Miss King. Miss Made
leine King. Alexander King, Mr. and
Mrs. John M. Keith. Miss IL W. Norris.
1 • •
VISITORS AT COUONADO.
LONDON. Aug. 7.— A dispatch to the
Standard from Berlin says it is reported
in diplomatic circles that King Oscar has
reversed his opinion in regard, to the
Norwegian throne and now inclines to the
belief that the situation would be best
solv 1 by accepting the crown for one
of his sons. It is said that this change
is the result of a suggestion made by
Emperor William, who secured the sup
port of King Christian of. Denmark.
It is believed that It will be announced
shortly that the crisis is ended and that
the Bernadottes will henceforth reign In
Stockholm and Chrlstianla. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
King Oscar Now Said to
Favor Selection of One
of His Sons.
THRONE OF NORWAY
FOR A BERNADOTTE
PORTLAND. Aug. 6.— Owing to a lack
of presence of mind In all but one of
twenty occupants of a launch which had
collided with a rowboat. two of the three
occupants of the rowboat were drowned
within a dozen feet of the launch on the
Willamette River to-day. Fred Steffen
sen, aged 20 years, and his sister, Made
line, aged IC. were the victims. The
launch and the rowboat were traveling
along the river In front of the city after
dark to-night in opposite directions. The
captain of the launch failed to see the
rowboat. which carried no light,. and the
launch hit the smaller boat. One man
seized the third occupant of the boat.
Miss Lillie Therkelsen. and dragged her
aboard. The others on the launch were
so excited that they allowed the boat to
drift away without attempting a rescue.
The two left in the rowboat had become
frenzied with fear and their actions cap
sized the boat. After struggling help
lessly for a few moments they sank in
plain sight of the "then powerless people
on the launch.
Their Rowboat Struck by a
Launch on the Willam
ette River.
BROTHER AND SISTER
DROWX AT PORTLAND
GAZELLE. Aug. 6.— The saloon owned
by Behnke Brcs. was entered last night
by a masked robber, who held up fifteen
men. He walked past the tables where
the men sat and drawing his revolver
stepped behind the bar and ordered Bar
tender Bob Young into the corner. Plac
ing his revolver on the bar he command
ed the men to line up and step forward
one at a time and hand out their valu
ables. He got about $100 from the crowd
and took $68 from the cash register. He
was heavily masked and is \u25a0 known .to
have taken the northbound train.
Before leaving he placed $6 on the
counter, telling the men to take a
drink on him. As he departed he re
marked: "I seem to hold all the cards
in this game."
Holds Up Crowd of Men in
Siskiyou County Saloon
and Invites Them to Drink
Thin Ik your chance for a change tn
the admlnlMtration. Shall it be honesty
or craft for two years more?
Novoe Vremya Sayn That Peace la
NeceHsary to the Japanese.
~ST. PETERSKUKG* Aug. 7T^The
morning newspapers appear to be tir
ing of commenting blindly on the pos
sibilities of the Portsmouth peace con-
RUSSIAN PRESS COMMENTS.
ALTANTA. Ga., Aug. 6. — Captain
Evan P. Howell, long prominently iden
tified with Southern journalism and a
leading Democrat, died at noon to-day,
aged 65.
Captain Evan 1\ Hovrell Dead.
ROBBER JOKES
WITH VICTIMS
Joseph Bartlett, a fruit peddler 64
>c2rs of age, was shot yesterday at 11
a. m. by his drunken stepson, Logan
Bell, in front of their home at 42214
Fulton street. The injured man was
hurried to the Emergency Hospital,
\u25a0where he gapped a few times and died.
Bell was booked at the Hall of Justice
for murder.
Mrs. Minnie Bartlett, who was di
vorced from her husband but lived with
him. figured in the murder, as she tried
to prevent her son from committing the
rash act, and now she lies on a cot at
the Emergency Hospital hysterical
from the shock.
Although Bell says he shot his step
father because the latter struck Mrs.
Bartlett. witnesses to the tragedy agree
\ that the act was unprovoked and thn.t
the drunken condition of the son was
accountable for the murder.
Bartlett was in the fruit peddling
business and was divorced from Mrs.
Uartlctt. but made his home with her,
employing Bell as an assistant. His
former \u25a0wife says Bartlett lived with
her about < j !ght«?eh months before they
\u25ba were married and shortly after the
wedding she learned he had a divorced
\u25a0wife and two daughters living, so she
had the marriage with her annulled.
Bartlett lived with her afterward,
much to the dislike of the son, and the
son and Bartlett quarreled frequently.
Saturday night Bell was paid, a
week's salary and he gpt drunk, re
maining away from home until yester
day morning. ' He attempted to borrow
some money on his return to the house,
but Bartlett refused, censuring him for
his bad habit.
Mrs. Burtlett says that Bell ran into
the yard and grabbed an ax to kill her
former husband. Bartlett met him in
an alleyway leading to the street and
the woman stood between them. An
ger<-d because lie could not reach his
victim. Bell got a L'2-caliber rifle from
the housr: and shot his victim in the
right lung.
to the murder, attracted
by the loud quarrel, were una.nimous
In saying that there can be no valid
claim of self-defense. Bell was drunk
when locked up at the Hall of Justice
etation, but he says Bartlett struck his
mother and he killed him to protect her
life. Neighbors say that Bartlett only
.pushed his former wife aside to grab
the ax from Bell.
Small boys in the vicinity of the
tragedy hurried after a policeman, find-
Ing Officer O'Connor, who arrested the
murderer and sent for the ambulance
to carry Bartlett to the hospital. De
tectives Braig and Taylor were de
tailed and it is their opinion that Bell
was undoubtedly guilty of the murder.
The previous record of the murderer
will not be in his favor, as he was ac-'
cused of assault on a woman in Oak
land five years ago, but was acquitted
on a jury trial. About a year ago he
was charged with assault on a young
grirl in Golden Gate Park and was sen
tenced for three months. Bell, who is
27 years of age, was married once, but
he. also, was divorced, his \u25a0wife living
Jn Stockton. It is alleged that drink
causedthe separation between Bell and
his young wife.
Bartlett was a peaceable man, says
his wife. ai;d did not have any use for
a drinking person. He had $3000 in
Oakland real estate and it is said that
he had two bank accounts in San Fran
fisco, making his wealth total $16,000.
He wae frugal, never allowing his wife
to spend much money. Their home was
a squalid house, situated in the rear of
a small alley leading 'off of Fulton
ctrcct. y :\u25a0-
OPATOFF, Russian Poland, Aug. 6. —
Early this morning the local, treasury
was attacked by forty armed men, who
killed or wounded all the watchmen
guarding the buildings. "The robbers
secured $10,000. "l_ '
Armed Men Kill or Wound the Guards
and Escape With SlO.OOO. -
RAID ON A POLISH TREASURY.
NEW YORK. Aug. 6. — deneral Roy
Stone, aged 69. a veteran of the Civil
and' Spanish- American wars and a dis
tinguished civil engineer, is dead at his
home in Mendham. N. J. He leaves a
widow and one daughter. Lady Mon
son, wife of Lord Monson of England,
General Roy Stone Is Dead.
VICTIM OF UNPROVOKED MURDER. HIS STEPSON WHO FIP.ED THE FATAL j
BfLJ-ET WHILE UNDER THE INFLCEXCE OF LIQUOR. AND THE WIFE
AND MOTHER. WHO WAS A WITNESS TO THE TRAGEDY. I
SARTOFF. Russia, Aug. 6. — Two
thousand persons assembled to-day
outside of a building where a number
of revolutionists had gathered. The
crowd threatened to lynch the revolu
tionists, who displayed the picture of
the Emperor in order to save them
selves. A detachment of Cossacks es
corted the revolutionists to the railway
station, amid a shower of stones. 6
Populace of Sartoff Displays Loyalty to
the Emperor. .•\u25a0\u25a0•
The opening-paragraph of the article
published by the Novoe Vremya to-day
is a strong and logical plea for an alli
ance between Russia and America,
quoted by Hertzen from a Philadelphia
newspaper printed In 1858 and citing
physical and political reasons therefor.
The idea of a possible alliance is one
of the principal themes of the article,
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 6.— The re
publication here to-day in the Novoe
Vremya of an article written in 1859
by Alexander Hertzen, the Russian au
thor and political agitator, in which a
strong plea is made for a Russo-Amer
ican alliance and- in which the Amer
ican and European -systems of govern
ments are compared most favorably to
that of America, is not without interest
and is of considerable significance, par
ticularly in view of the general politi
cal situation and the fact that Russia
is to-day about to establish a General
Assembly and grant the country some
sort of a constitution. The presence
of the Russian plenipotentiaries in the
United States also adds significance to
the republication of the article, as
likewise does the N'ovoe Vremya's rela
tion with the Government, The Novoe
Vremya Is fully aware that the re
launching to-day, of Hertzen's ideas is
acceptable to the Government and in
fact the printing of It may be called
semi-official.
Significant Semi-Omclal Article Ap
pears In the Novoe Vremyn.
RUSSO-AMERICAN ALLIANCE.
LONDON. Aug. 7.— The arrival of the
French fleet in British waiers to-day will
mark the commencement of a notable
week of festivities in honor of the visit
ors. "The programme which has been ar
ranged shows that England as a host is
prepared to surpass all records in her
display of lavish hospitality. King Ed
ward and Queen Alexandra and the
Prince and Princess of Wales and other
members of the royal family are now at
Cowes. The French squadron, consisting
of twenty-one warships, is expected to
anchor off Cowes aboutnoon.
The British squadron is lying off Spit
head, and the - whole roadstead and sur
rounding water present a brilliant scene.
King Edward has taken the Tceenest in
terest in the arrangement for the recep
tion of the visitors. . Yesterday, aboard
the ros'al yacht, he went over the course
marked for the approach of the- French
squadron. •
After his squadron comes to anchor the
French vice admiral. Calllaird. will' be
received aboard the Victoria and Albert,
alnd'the King will return the Visit later.
King * Edward will give a dinner to
night on board the royal yacht in honor
of the admirals and captains, and the
harbor will be brilliantly illuminated.
Lavish Hospitality Will Bfc
Shown by British
Nation.
HEABTY WELCOME
TO FEEXCH GUESTS
MOSCOW, Aug. 6.— The police to-day
raided an important terrorist head
quarters located in a suburb of Mos
cow. • They captured many documents
and bombs and other explosives.
Police Capture Many, Bombs.
LIDIAPUTZE, Manchuria, Aug. 6.—
The Japanese have, concentrated in-
Manchuria, in front of the Russian ar
mies, 430,000 infantry, with 1600 can
non. This is exclusive of the detach
ment' of General Hasagawa. commander
of the forces in- Korea, and a special
detachment, the destination of. which is
not known. The weather is good and
the roads are drying.
elusive of the Korean Forces.
His Infantry Number* 430,000, Ex-
OVA.MA HAS ENORMOUS ARMY.
CROWD ATTACKS REVOLUTIONISTS.
Without the building all' appearance
of newness has been removed. The
borders of the newly laid 'cement walk
have been sodded and the gravel walk
leading- to the landing, 1000 feet away,
has been put into repair. Everything
at the landing stage has been made
shipshape.
The wonted quiet of a New England
Sabbath was somewhat disturbed in
Portsmouth to-day by the animated an
ticipation of to-morrow's event. The
business section of the city is gay. with
bunting, the national colors prevailing
in the decorative scheme. Throngs of
visitors from the surrounding cities
and towns to-day augmented the many
strangers who have flocked to the city.
Every available room in the hotel
where the missions are to be quartered
has been taken. The city is filled with
a small army of newspaper correspond
ents, representing, in addition to the
press associations and the great dailies
of the United States, journals in Europe
and Japan.
PORTSMOUTH.' N.'H.,' Aug: 6. — After
a day of activity in- the navy yards"the
finishing touches in preparation for the
peace conference were made this after
noon and everything is now in readi
ness, both on the inside and the out
side of the large new naval stores
building, where the plenipotentiaries
are to be received and where they are
to hold the daily sessions. 'The second
floor of the building is to be occupied
by the peace missions. ' . . . •
The conference room is imposingly
furnishd. A mammoth table in the
center is surrounded by huge chairs,
beautifully upholstered -in.. 1 black
leather. w The walls of the rooms are
draper with flags contributed by the
navy, forming the international code' of
signals. The flags relieve the bare
walls in all the rooms and are the only
decorations. The rooms are equipped
with handsome desks, tables and chairs
and Persian rugs are laid .upon the
floor. It cost the United States Govern
ment $15,000 to equip the quarters for
the conference.
Naval Stores Building Handsomely
' Fitted for the Peace Envoys.
PORTSMOUTH IN READINESS.
lightship. " At 5:30 o'clock the Mayflower
came to Newport and anchored at ' the
torpedo station, at the same time dis
playing the Russian flag at the fore. Soon
afterward Mr. de Witte, . Baron Rosen,
two secret service men and Commander
Cameron McR. Winslow entered a steam
launch and were landed at the wharf. The
party was met by Rear Admiral French
E. Chad wick. Mrs. Winslow and H. O.
Havemeyer Jr., a brother-in-law of Com
mander Wirislow. > \u25a0
Mr. Havemeyer conducted Mr. de Witte,
Baron Rosen and Rear Admiral Chad
wick to an- automobile. After a spin
about the city the party called upon Mrs.
Chadwiclf at her cottage and then pro
ceeded to Commander Winslow's cottage
for dinner. - .
The dispatch boat Dolphin remained off
Brentons Reef lightship and the Japanese
representatives did not come ashore. Both
vessels encountered a S thick fog on the
run from Oyster Bay. They were obliged
to anchor off Block Island and again
outside Brentons Reef lightship. The
Mayflower and Dolphin were convoyed by
the cruiser Galvestoh. The. cruiser re
mained at anchor during the Mayflower's
stay in the harbor.
After dinner Mr. de Witte and Com
manaer Winslow went to a telegraph sta
tion and the former iiled a number of
dispatches. 'A crowd of citizens, who
recognized the distinguished Russian, as
sembled outside the office. Mr. de Witte
was much amazed when he saw the curi
ous ones.
BOSTON. Aug. 6.— Mr. de Witte and
party arrived here from Newport at 11:40
o'clock to-night and were immediately
driven to the Hotel Touraine. It is said
that the party will leave early to-morrow
for Portsmouth.
When the train stopped at the Back
Bay station Mr. de Witte rushed from
his car and ran v? the platform, the
secret service officers finding it difficult
to keep up with him. The envoy went
up to the locomotive and shook hands
with the engineer and fireman and then
returned to his car, where he embraced
Conductor A. B. Trerien and imprinted a
kiss on his forehead.
At the hotel Mr. de AVitte was the only
member of the party who did not reg
ister. The plenipotentiary was assigned
to a suite of rooms and he retired im
mediately.
ference, but the movements of M 7 de
.Witte and the others are followed
closely and with interest \>y the people
in the daily papers and they are await
ing actual news of the negotiations
with anxiety.
The Novoe Vreinya declares that Rus
sia's internal troubles will be ended
with the introduction of a representa
tive '".'. government. Russia, it .says,
wishes peace, but peace is. necessary to
Japan. . ;
which, .continuing, says that Russia
should' free herself from '" old world
prejudices and fallacies and" turn to her
great neighbor, across the Pacific and
learn a good lesson from her political
and commercial successes.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Joseph Bartlett Is the Victim of
Close Range Rifle Shot. |
Transformation Wrought at the Portsmouth Navy Yard in
Preparation for the. Plenipotentiaries.
EN VOYS MEET ON TUESDAY
CRAZED WITH RUM, YOUNG
MAN KILLS STEAPFATER.
THE SAN . FRANGISCG GALL. MONDAY^ AUGUST 7. 1905.
3
TtVKXTV-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
1. BERNARD L. CONLON.
2. JACOB LEVI JR.
3. WILLIAM J. HARRINGTON.
4. EDWARD F. BRYANT.
6. RICHARD GRIMES.
6. NELSON H. BURNHAM.
7. THOMAS QUINN.
8. JOHN DEARY. 5
9. JAMES LONEY.
10. AL. SMITH.
11. GKORGE E. DODGE.
12. J. J. MAHLSTKDT.
13. WILLIAM BOTTRILL.
14. THOMAS G. ROEBUCK.
1&. CHARLES Me KAY.
T\VEVTV-XI\TH DISTRICT. .
1. J. F. COLLINS.
-'. JOHN REGAN.
3. PAUL MURPHY. -
4. J. J. McQUEENEY.
5. JOHN BRANDON.
6. D. J. CRANE.
7. JOSEPH DEMPSEY.
5. HARRY JACOBS
9. JOHN MITCHELL.
10. LEON- SAMUELS.
11. JOHN HUGHES.
12. W. FARRKLL.
13. RICHARD COX.
14. J. E. FLYNN.
15. GEORGE GREEN.
IC. M. HARRIS.
THIRTIETH DISTRICT.
1. FRANCIS McNAMARA.
2. JERKMIAH E. ROACH.
3. P. H. PRENDERGAST.
4. GEORGE WALKER.
5. J. P. JONES
6. JOHN BICKLEY.
7. ALFRED BIGKLOW.
B. JIKNRY ROBERTS.
9. JAMES GRAHAM.
10. JOSEPH MCDONALD.
11. JAMES ODONNKLL.
12. THOMAS GREEN.
13. JAMES KELLEY. .
14. THOMAS HAWKINS.
15. LUKE WHITE.
16. JOHN GINTY.
17. CHARLES TILTON.
THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
1. JOHN A. HOEY.
2. WILLIAM PITT.
3. HENRI" M. RYAN.
4. MICHAEL HYNES.
5. EDWARD J. HIGGINS.
6. EDWARD J. EARLEY.
7. JAMES KERR.
S. THOMAS J. SULLIVAN.
9. J. J. REGAN.
10. THOMAS C. DUFF.
11. GEORGE WIMMER.
12. WILLIAM SYMONS.
13. CHARLES J. McDONNELL.
14. ROBERT SPEAR.
15. RICHARD D. KOPKE.
16. W. F. FRIEDHOFFER.
17. CHARLES C. SULLIVAN.
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
1. ROBERT GORDAN.
2. HALLIE B. DAVIDSON.
3. DANIEL J. WREN.
4. WALTER SCHARETG.
5. FRANK J. FITZPATRICK.
6. THOMAS CAVANAUGH.
7. GEORGE B. HUMMEL.
8. WILLIAM D. McKEON.
9. A. F. ANDERSON. t
10. THOMAS J. SIMMONS. \
11. WILLIAM J. CARR. v
12. R. G. ROCK.
13. ROBERT J. SULLIVAN.
11. THOMAS F. DOLAN.
15. FRANK J. WEISS.
16. AUGUST MUELLERRING.
17. THOMAS KANE.
IS. JOSEPH E. HEALY.
19. CHARLES L. NONNENMAN.
20. NICHOLAS GRANT.
THIRTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
1. JOHN T. PI DWELL.
2. CHARLES E. HAND.
3. JOHN SMITH.
4. GEORGE C. SMART.
5. J. J. CALLAGHAN.
6. THOMAS .HAZEL.
7. E. S. NORTON.
S. B. J. BURNS JR.
9. GEORGE S. BURNETT.
10. PETER KAWALKOWSKI.
11. JOHN HOGAN.;
12. F. H. SMITH. .
13. JOHN FENO.
14. WILLIAM G. SEAGRAVE.
THIRTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
1. E. M. RITTER.
2. ROBERT STRAHLE.
3. FRED V. MEYERS.
4. JOSEPH S. NYLAND.
5. MAURICE MORENO.
6. WALT ER F. KLATT.
7. A. L. BORKHEIM.
5 C. H. SCHULTZ.
9. CHARLES RABIN.
10. E. B. RING.
11. C. J. FALKENSTEIN.
12. W. J. REID.
13. H. A. BILAY.
14. GEORGE F. ALBERTI.
15. WILLIAM C. McINNIS.
16. D. B. BOWLEY.
17 E. NORMAN.
18! ISAAC GIBEAU JR.
19. JOHN S. YOUNG.
20. W. R. KING.
21. HUGH DUFF.
22. WILLIAM^ ADAMS.
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
1. JOHN D. DALY. J ~-
2. JOHN S. PARTRIDGE.
3. A. T. GRUTTNER.
4. HARRY B. ARNOLD.
5. RALPH L. HATHORN. .
6 JOHN W. KING.
7. HARRY L. BEASLEY.
9! J J ." ARTHUR LEMON.
10 GEORGE DIETTERLE. ' '
11. MORRIS J. WINTER.
12. JOHN REID.
13. William metzner.
14. claus claussen.
15. John l. prior.
1c david j. creamer.
17 fred c. gerdes.
is. frank b. lorigan.
19 joseph windrow.
20. j. f. McCarthy.
'1 william h. george.
Tl. GEORGE U. HIND.
"3. EDWAHD F. TREADWELL.
24. H. T. SMITH.
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
1. JOHN TONNINGSEN.
2 H. N. BEATTY.
3. EUGENE E. PFAEFFLE.
4. FRANK AY. BURNETT.
5. WALTER VAN XOON.
-fi. H. W. FRASER.
7. James hannqn. .. ,
V o Kl Q Srma.vx.
10.' john kelleher.
11. JOHN WKSSLING
1". CHARLES A. QUINN.
13 J. A. PLYMIRE.
14*. JACOB JACOBSON.
16 V W EI J: wIn : ?ERBOTTOM.
17! JOHN L. CORBETT.
IS. THOMAS H. CURLEY.
19. EMERSON C. DYER.
20. H. E. A. BUTTELMANN.
21. JAMES HUGHES.
THIRTV-SEVEXTH DISTRICT.
1. W. J.RUDDICK.
- GEORGB D. CLARK.
3. C. B. PERKINS.
4. FRED C JONES.
5 ANTHONY GALLAGHER.
6.' R. V. LUCY.
7. WILLIAM J. YOUNG.
5. R. W. DENNIS.
9. E. C.PRIBER.
10 THOMAS -I* HENDERSON.
11.' JOHN R. McGUFFICK.
12. E. W. TUCKER. •
13. JOSEPH G. DE FOREST.
14. JOHN F. SULLIVAN.
15. JOHN R. GREEN.
16. HARRY. E. LELAND.I4,*
17. FRANK O. SIMMEN.
IS. J. J. GROOM.
19. THOMAS H. BROWNE.
20. GKORGE- WHITEHEAD.
21. GEORGE HEWLETT.
22. M. J. KUHL. • •
23. ROBERT WRIGHT.
24. JAMES C. STEVENS.
25. THOMAS E. HAVEN.
26. E. C. COOK. / --" ' .
27. R.E. HARTLEY.
2S. ALBERT LEWALD.
29. WARREN E. MURRAY.
30.* FRED C. BOECKMAN JR.
31. LEO V. MACDONALD.
THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT,
1. EDWARD I. WOLFE.
2. CHARLES M. FICKERT.
3. CHARLES C. MORRIS.
4. JOHN H. CURLEY.
5. W. J. FI FIELD.
6. J. A. HAMMERSMITH. '
V. T. S. STEALY.
S. ROBERT E. SULLIVAN.
9. I. GOLDMAN".
10. J. T.-XOTJRSE.
1 1. BYRON MAUZr.
12. F. P. BULL.
13. D. B. FAKTOR.
14. JESSE MAYER.
15. MILES W. McIN'TOSH.
* in. IRA B. DALZIEL.
17. MILTON* A. NATHAN.
I* J. B. BOOMER.
13. A. L. WEIL.
20. ED. L. HEAD.
21. J. J. CONLON.
22. ANGELO MAY.
23. CHARLES KLARNET.
24. JEREMIAH HASTINGS
25. J. J. SULLIVAN.
26. A. A. FRIEDI.ANDER.
27. J. ISRAELSKY.
2S. A. VAN DER NAILLEN JR.
2S. FRANK ROBB.
30. .1. F. NORTON.
31. MAX GOLDBERG.
THIRTV-XIATII DISTRICT.
1. FAIRFAX H. WHEEUX.
2. MARSHAL HALE.
3. J. R. AITKEN.
4. E. T. McMURRAY.
5. R. L. RADKE.
6. E. A. BEELER.
7. SAMUEL J. HENDY.
S. GEORGE D. SQUIREa
9. EDWARD M. JONES.
10. JOSEPH E. CUTTEN.
11. SAMUEL. P. BIiOWN JR.
12. W. H. HAZELL.
13. G. I. RIDLEY.
14. A, R. AHLBORN.
15. R. D. CARPENTER.
16. PHIL J. WARD.
17. CHARLES F. DAVIS.
18. W. S. PARDY.
19. OLIN L. BERRY.
20. WALTER R. SAVAGE.
21. GEORGE A. STURTEVANT.
21. I. D. BLUXOME.
23. C. H. FARRELL.
24. W. W. ALLEN JR.
FORTIETH DISTRICT.
1. ALBERT E. CASTLE.
2. EDWARD KELLY.
3. JOSEPH MARKS.
4. HUGO D. NEWHOUSE.
5. GKORGE A. HARE.
6. ALFRED LILIENFELD.
7. WILLIAM R. WHEELER.
8. WILLIAM H. COBB.
0. B. S. DICKHOFF.
10. HARRIE C. BIGGS.
11. CHARLES KEILUS.
12. E. J. ENSIGN.
13. THOMAS .MORFFEW.
14. SAM DAN'NENBAUM.
15. HAMILTON A. BAUER.
1«. HENRY THOMPSON.
17. MORRIS J. BLACKMAJf.
IS; WALTER J. DYER.
19. CHARLES PACKSCHER.
20. PATRICK J. MEHEGAN.
21. SAM N. LEVY.
2-. EDWARD B. READ.
23. DANIEL A. RYAN.
24. HARTLEY F. PEART.
FORTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
1. E. B. CUTTER.
2. O. D. BALDWIN.
3. C. A. WOODRUFF.
4. N. C. COGHLAN.
5. W. S. HALE.
6. SHELDON G. KELLOGO.
7. A. K. DAGGETT.
K. ALEXANDER R. BALDWIN 1 .
9. M. L. GERSTLE.
10. GEORGE L. UNDERBILL.
11. H. G. W. DINKELSPIEIi.
12. F. G. EICKHORST.
13. MAURICE BLOCK.
14. C. E. RITTER.
15. JOSEPH A. BUSH.
16. E. J. WILKINSON.
17. WILLIAM BAHRS.
IS. C. J. MURPHY.
lf». M. JOSEPHSON.
20. F. H. SMITHSON.
21. A. E. GRAUPNER.
" FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
1. E. N. AVERS.
2. DAVID RICH.
3. WILLIAM BOHN.
4. JOHN R. BRIDE.
5. AMOS CURRIER.
6. JOSEPH P. CHAMBERLAIN.
7. W. H. ESDOR.
8. JAMES M. ELLIS.
9. B. P. FLINT.
10JT. J. FRAZER.
11. JOHN GILLSON.
12. HENRY GIBBONS JR.
13. JOSEPH R. JOCK.
14. WILLIAM J. KELLET.
15. STEPHEN LEAN.
16. GEORGE W. LEWIS.
17. F. D. MACBETH.
15. JOHN A. McGEE.
19. W. F. McNUTT JR.
20 EDWARD PEABODT.
21. WILLIAM M. SIMS.
22. DANIEL H. SKILLJN.
23. C. F. STOCKING.
24. ERNEST THERIEN.
25. R. C. VAN FLEET.
2«i. T. C. WEST.
27. W. I. WILCOX.
2S. C. H. WILSON.
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
1. WILLIAM H. DAVIS.
2. F. A. HEALY.
3 WILLIAM H. GALLAGHER.
4. WALTER S. BRANN.
5. LUTHER ELKINS. »- J»>
6. THOMAS K. McCARTHT.
7. S. H. KENT.
S. JOHN B. REILLT.
9. P. A. LIECH.
10. MARTIN H. EGAN.
11. THOMAS MORTON.
12. JOSIAH W. TILLSON.
13. CARLETON W. GREENE.
14 TONY GONZALES.
15 GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON
16. WALTER HANLEY.
17 GEORGE WUESTEFELP.
IS. T. B. MORTON.
19. J. G. BARKER.
20. LAWRENCE D, GIUBBINT.
21. LOUIS GOTTLIEB.
22. W. B. "WEBSTER.
23. HENRY SEXTON.
24. WILLIAM H. SMITH.
25. EMIL EVANS.
26. J. G. SPAULDING.
27. CHARLES LEAHY."
FORTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
1. JOHN LACKMANN.
2. HENRY STERN.
3. W. L. COWLES.
4. A. D. McLEAN.
5. G. B. DEMARTINL
6. G. G. HILLMAN.
7. J. P. RICE.
S. J. P. FRASER.
9. W. H. BATE.
10. WALLACE tt WISE.
11. FRANK CHAPMAN.
12. J. D. KERSEY.
13. "SV. J. SMITH.
14. CHARLES SCHAEFER.
15. F. L. TURPIN JR.
16. FRED LUNDQUIST.
17.- C. MASON KINNE.
18. ERNEST ADAMS.
19. WILLIAM CLARKE.
20. JAMES D. HART.
21. JOHN KIRKPATRICK.
22. JOHN H. HARNEY.
23. JAMES CARR. .
24. WILLIAM MCCARTHY.
25. FRED WICKENHAUSER.
25. PETER G. SUNDBERQ.
FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
1. WALTER B. BUNDSCHU.
2. A. ZABALINDO.
3. ELI T. SHEPPARD.
4. M. C. EICHEU
5. N. FERROGGIARO.
<?. ED. M. BUCKLEY.
7 EDWARD L. HOLMES.
S S C. JONES.
9. GAETANO MALPTEDB.
10 THOMAS GUTHRIE.
11 J. J. HAUSER.
1« THOMAS IL MULLEN.
I§l PERRY H. NEWBERRT.
14 JOHN J. HODGES.
15 WILLIAM C. MACKINTOSH^
16. THOMAS RICHARDSON.
17 A. W. CASSENS.
IS. R. TL PATTERSON.
13. JOHN' BLOCK. ; . .
J^*.,^:. . \u25a0 POLITICAL. * _
THESE ARE THE ONLY
ANTI-RUEF DELEGATES
SAN FRAN CISCO REPUBLICAN LEAGUE.
For a Clean City, Clean Politics and a Clean Administration.
COMPARE YOUR TICKETS WITH THIS LIST
AND BE SURE YOU HAVE THE EIGHT PASTER.
Vote for San Fraadsco's Re Jemption. Vote for Her Fair Nam«.
Vote for Hsr Destiny.
New Fall Suits Made to Order
Prices $10, $12.50, $15, up to $35
. . • :. - - • . , % \u25a0
We want to make your fall suit. But we don't a^^ . .^— — ;\u25a0\u25a0 ~V\
expect to get your order just because we want it. l-jf^jj I f '53^r/%V
We expect to get it because we can prove by facts **—~ m -i /^^l .
and figures that we can please you and save you fgSfjSl |1§
We buy all our cloth in'bolts from the mills direct. Other tail- y v/^-.^^^^^--^^^ i~"J I
ors buy from jobbers in suit lengths. We buy material for a thou- f*^^f^^^^^^^^k \u25a0
sand suits all at once. They buy material for one suit at a time. We . 'J^^^^^^^^^Bk
We make up hundreds and hundreds of suits every month. Other J§jfim
tailors consider they do well to make two or three orders a day. Mak- $§jj? t '^^JBg^^^M^Siw^'
ing in quantities we reduce running expenses. Again we undersell the j^pM»MW^?^^WT*!B?^Sa^V
We do a strictly cash business on small profits. Other tailors
do a credit business on laree profits — customers who are good have '\u25a0''''^^^^^SSsS^JSSSi'
to pay for a proportion of the bad accounts. "Again "we undersell the y^^Sß^l^^^^^B
The suit we make for $15 is the same in quality
as the suit other tailors make for $22.50. We I^^^^^S^
even make a suit for $10. Now you know that
others have to ask $15 for such a suit. - - : -''iC
But here's the finest part of all. If after the suit
is made up, you are not pleased, you can have your
money back. You run no risk in trying us out. — '^Spf^Slt J> ' fW * tf
Suppose you come in and see our fall .patterns on 'lIphSHH-'"'^'**"'
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town ' s^^-
customers—fit guaranteed by our self-measuring sys-
tern — writef or blank and samples of materials. '^g^F^^
; Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Clothing ' ''fJmltjfe fiP*^
Two Large Stores ||8P
_^^~*-~---- " .740 Market Street and Gor. Powell and Ellis S S*< W / / '/fcUPKRVISOK KELLY ILL.— -OaUlft&d. Aug.
«. — Fupcrx-tscr J. F. Kelly has been , Confln**!
to his bed for nearly a. w^K under the care
of Dr. O. V. ilomiin. It if tx^tcttd that lie
*»*&] be out tfkJti Jj.-I.if t:.e ttmlcs; we«k.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6. — Rev. Charles R.
Brown, pastor of tlie First Congrega
tional Church of this, -city, has Just re
turned from tbe East, where he w«ut
to accompany Mre. Brown. on her. re
turn to Oakland from an extended trip
through the larger Kastem cities. On
his way East Mr; Brown spent two
weeks at Lake Tahoc. then went on to
Bosion, where he joined his wife, who
had be^n visiting relatives in that city.
Mr. Brown conducted the communion ;
service at the First Congregational]
Church this morning, and in the even- |
ing preached his first sermon since" his
return, his subject being '.'Some Vaca
tion, Thoughts." .
BALL PLAYERS. JAW. RROKICX.
I OAKLAND. Aug. 6.—^-Strenuous base
ball playing this afternoon caused a
i serious injury to Miles Scanlaii; resid
ing at Seventh *and. Franklin :-treet&.
I Scanlan's - jaw was j broken by 'a kick
from a runner who was Gliding to'sec
ond base in a game at San Pablo ave
nue and Thirty-eighth street. Scanlan
was guarding the bag and thu runner's
feet caught him on the jaw aa .they
flew up. Dr. J. L. Milton treated the
; fracture at the Receiving Hospital.
i '• . »'*\u25a0>- — ' , •
TARMEH FOUND DlCAD.— Oakland. Aug. C.
William Campbell. 00 years oIJ. a .farmer and
etock raiser, .was found <Jeaa last night at Ills.
ranch. - twenty miles taft of Liv<jrtpore. : : A
deputy Coroner from Llveimoro took charge
o* the c*««. - - — - •\u25a0' 'i. .: : . :\u25a0
HORSE FALLS WITH' YOUNG*
.WOMAN RIDER IN VALLEJO
sllsa Lydla "Wilson .of San Francisco
by Presence of Mind Encapea
Serious Injury.':; \u25a0'
VAI.LEJO, ,'Aug. 6.— Miss Lydia AVll
son, a young, San Francisco"; school
teacher, had a- narrow- escape : from
death while horseback riding last even
ing. She was : cantering along. MarJn
street when the animal slipped on the
pavement '-. and i f ell \u25a0"'\u25a0; heavily.^ to the
ground.' Miss, Wilson by. rare pres
ence, of niind, slipped, fromiunlerneath
tlie- horse; as he struck tho.; pavement;
As it was'she" was l-severely" bruised
about thej head and, body. - Bystanders
curr.c quipkly to heiv aid .and assisted
her to ' a cab and 'she ; was . taken home.
Her father! is; Harry : Wilson; ; one of.'the
best known"; citizen* of. Vallejo, arid; one
of the few "remaining survivors of the
battle of Mobile Bay,: f. - J-~v^
SAN.. JOSE, Aug. : 6.— C. A; Gray, a
member. of <tlje legal firm of Gunnison,.
Booth ' & Bartnett of y.-iri Francisco,
was brought to the home of his mother
in -this city to-day froni tho Southern
raclflc Hospital at Sacramento, whcr-3
ho hasbeon for tho-last. fifteen weeks.
Gray; had eontj to Nevada -City to at
tend tosomc. legal businessr* He misseil
thp . r«»g*ulav train and boarded' a log
glng train.. In*gohig*up : a Bte«jp gradt:
the train \ brolie. ami the ; car that Gray
was on ran-uway.' \u25a0In golngr around a
curvf! Gniy. was ; thrown from the "car.
The 'HgarrnMitiof.the right knee was
< : oniplftely torn ' away :Vfrom the : bone,
und ,-fori v. time' it was feared : that'-' ho
would' lose -Ills' 'leg 1 . '.'. \u25a0\u25a0 ;
\u25a0' Cs ray Is > now! well \ etioush to ' be ; re
moved ; _front >th«s hospital, but It; will
b«, some timbbeforu he ' is fully recov
ered." \u25a0\u25a0- :•'-,:" '\u25a0'-.\u25a0:',. ' .- ' •"' ;;".;-, :-'\u25a0: ' ' .
Atforney on the Road to Recovery
' From Injuries Cailied ' Ijy
V~~\/, \u25a0 ; Trnlu. Accident.
C. A. GIIAY RK3IOVED FROM
. . ; HOSPITAL TO SAN JOSE
Roof In \Vyomlnß IM* Cnves In and
Two Men Are Killed and ]
Eight AVounfled. -. I
CUMBERLAND, Wyo., Aug. 6.— Two j
men were Killed, two severely and six i
slightly Injured in an accident in mine
No. 1 of the Union Pacific Coal Com
pany, f \u25a0 .
The dead: Joseph Andf rson . and
James* '\u25a0 Sellers." -''V \u25a0 - -
; The i mines f were • not .working, . but; a
small: force of men .was engraged in
cleaning up the slope. There was some
coal ; overheard that .was' considered un
safe. The ;: men had just fired ; a blast, J
shooting .; a quantity of . it ; down .'and
had * started ,• to ? shovel; it -- into ; pi tears
when ; another- \u25a0section of -.coal fifteen
feet -long.', eight feet widei and ten !
inches thick fell from 'above, crushing
! the men to the floor. '_, •
! >\u25a0 Sellers was about . 32, years of age
! and •- leaves a wife; uiid \u25a0 - live ".children;
j Anderson was '27, -years 'of age and
leaves a wife and two small children.
-?^.l" ' _' ;' ' J \u25a0.\u2666 »'/"' _'\u25a0/' ; . ,'-." ;' - \u25a0
Remember, that "HECiULAH" Hrpul).
Hetm is RUEF^RrpuWlcaiu^^ .':'^ - .
; OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— By the overwhelm
ing majority of se\'*n to one the residents
of the AlleiiiJale school district voted yes
terday to impose a special school tax of
510.000 for the erection of an addition to
the Upper Fruitvale school and the com
pletion of tho second story of the Allen
<s&!c school, which was not finished when
the building was erected three years ago.
The total number of votes cast in the
election yesterday was 108, and of these
ninety-three were in favor of the pro
posed additional "tax, only fifteen votes
being: against it.
XV. B. Bridge. W. F. t>unleavy and H.
Fletcher, the roemb<"r« of the Board of
• School Trustees, have worked hard for
the success of tho proposal to get an ad
dition to the available school room, and
they are well satisfied with the result of
the election. The work ul building the
addition and ccmplftinp the second story
of the Allendalc Rchool will be com
menced at ence and will ba finished as
coon as possible, as the schools are at
present very much overcrowded. . * t ;
FALLING COAL CRUSHES .
LIFE OUTOP MINERS
Residents of Allendale Vote
for Needed Addition to
Public School Boom.
PASTOR RETURNS FROM EAST.
810 MAJORITY FOR
SPFXIAL SCHOOL TAX
EERKEL^Y. Aug. 6.-^The ] auipmer-.' school
having closed, preparations^ are ndw being 'made
for the opening of the university, which; Is
scheduled to take place August 17. To-morrow
is the day set aside for filing applications for
admission- with the recorder...
On Tuesday the sessions of the school of de
sign begin at the Hopkins Art Institute in San
Francisco. \ . : ..-..' .-..;: i -
The academic year In the Hastings college
of the law and the Affiliated Colleges- of Medi
cine is to begin on Friday." \u25a0 \u25a0- _:\u25a0\u25a0
: Matrirulatlon examinations for theso colleges
•will be held at Berkeley, on Friday, and on
Tuesday, August 15...-- .
On Wednesday and- Thursday, "August 16 and
17. . professors and instructors of th« academic
colleges \u25a0will keep office hours for. consultation
with \u25a0upper class, students and with applicants
for admission to 'advanced standing and to'spe
cial status. . \u25a0••; '. . '-\u25a0- \u25a0"•-'
' Registration :of ; upper class \u25a0 and graduate
students will be , requires on Thursday, Au
gust 17. ,"..""...- .
Registration and Matricula
vtioii Exaiiiiiiatioiis Sched
uledby the Authorities.
STATE TJMVEKSITK
PREPAEES TO OPEN
SAN JOSE, ' Aug. 6. — L. D. Dunlap,
the Dakota rancher who gave som<s
$lftooo worth of property to the Holy
Jumpers and whose orothtr-In-law, ' J.
H. Robinson, has petitioned to havo
him declared Incompetent,, has tiled an
answer to the petition, in which .he
alleges. Robinson "pretends .friendship
with the hope of profitihpr thereby."
Dunlap came hore about six months
ago, and since then he has taken up his
home w^th tho Holy Jumpers. Robinson
alleged... that hif? brother-in-law was
inpompetpnt, and that "by working on
his religious feelings j th«} Holy Jump T
ers had caused him to. believe that he
i)ad;s«cn- visions and heard commands
directing him to convey his property to
them. : < \u25a0 • -
"Dunlap, in his answer, declares that
of "his own* volition he conveyed his
property. to the. Holy Jumpers, with the
understanding that they were to prop
erly, rare for .him. during his life and
bury him. lie Mates that' he wishes
to devote the remaining years of his
life to rcllgio'is; devotion, and. for this
reason he joined the Holy, Jumpers.
Dunlap alleges that on different occa
sions Robinson tried to induce him .to
transfer hie -property. .Dunlap J asks
that the proceedings begun by Robin
son bY dismissed." . .
Li. I). Dunlap SajN His Religions Im
pulse* Cndned Him to. Give ;
Them HIM Property.
DENIES THAT HOI.V JUMPERS
. FLEECED HIM OF HIS COIN
\u25a0 FINGER CRUSHED.— Martin Hanihaa. wla>
lives at 120* Nineteenth street, caught th«
second finger of his right hand In a smalt
cogwheel at the Western Sugar Refining Com
pany yesterday aad was forced to have it am
putated at tbe Emergency Hospital. His arm
was badly lacerated. ;^--^- \u25a0
MODESTO. Aug. 6. —'The Modesto
Water Consumers' Association, in con
vention here yesterday, fired the opening
gun of the fight which is to be waged
in the next: Congress against the bill
introduced in the last Congress at the
instigation of the San, Francisco Su
pervisors, asking tor water rights for
the city of San Francisco In the head
waters, oC the Tuolumne River. Every
public bodyin the. county, political and
commercial, has joined in the fight. It
will be based upon the showing that all
the . waters of the Tuolumne \u25a0 will be
needed for the irrigation of arid and
semi-arid lands in the valley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OAKLAND. Aug. 6.-The Board of
Trade special for the Portland fair w-ill
ltave to-morrow evening. Almost the en
tire BDiaber which was guaranteed in or
der to get the special train has agreed
to go. though there are ctill a few berths
• Th're will be one solid train, with din
ers, and a total of fifteen days will be
*llow*d. which will give ten days in
Portland: Events have been planned for
th* Oakland visitors, including a recep
tion In tne California building, when the
Alameda County delegates will be wel
comed by Prtsident Goode, with a reply
by Mayor Mott of this city. There will
be a trip up the Columbia River and
other features. Those who will leave to
morrow are:
F. F. Mood. Mrs. F. F. Mood. C. H^TfcaJer.
Mre O. li. Smith, Mir* Minnie Smith. Miss
Grace Smith. R. P. M. Grwley. Mrs. K. P.-M.
Gre*ley. Mr*.-G. B. TVaddell. Mrs- E..D.
Adams, MSbs L- J. Adairf. Thomas Bibber.
Mi*. Thomas Biboer. Mrs. J*« J^ineaater.
Miss Maseretadt. Miss Mlra Uora, MiM Mary
Mora, MiM S. P. Canniff. B. Stetson. .F. H.
Lawtc-a. Mri. F. H. Lawton. K. Daiilmao. M.
Bauer*. 3. J. O'N«ilI. Mrs. Hannah Mack.
Morris Schneiaer. Mrs. M. Schneider.' Mrs. F.
O Eru-in.. H. L. Wocxlnum. Mrr. Dußav
Smith. M« Rollin P. 6»«. M. Friedman,
Mrs. H. Alice Harlow. V. Bach. lira. F.
Ba£h R. L. Lenz. Mrs. R. U L«er.z. U Sleb«.
lire. L.. Siebe. Mis* I/JUi« Eiebe. Mrs. J. J.
Even W H. H. Graves. Mr*. E. B. Granden.
<\ A. Farnnam. Mrs. C A. Farnb&m, Gustav
Wallln, Mrs. Gustav Wallin. R. C, Parkinson.
Dr c. M. Cole. Miss M. Da.v»». Miss C. Darts,
fharleu >!. Rosenberg. Miss Kate D«e<J!e, Mr«.
Mary A Robert*. H^r.ry Abraharawn. Mrs.
H»rjry Abraharrsscn, Tbeo. r. Pchaller. Mr*; T.
p. Schaller. Dr. V. J. Eaxe. Dr. H. J. LAckey.
J E Baker. Mrs. J. E Baker. A. Livingston,
E S Pase. Zf. J. McKeon. Mrs. M. J. Mc-
Keon. Joseph R. Calm. E. n. Lamb. A. J.
Boehtner. Mr*. R. L. Jfivyer*. J. J. Huprhei.
•Winifred J. Morgan. 'William T. Frost. F. T.
Du«erbern\ Elizabeth C- Duuterberry. R- H.
E Eep«y. Mi»S M. Marcovlcb. Dr. H. E. Mul
ler. Mrs. H E. Mailer. Robert Howden.
Professor Howard Swan of London,
who for the last four years has been
industriously instructing the Japanese
In the English language at the Toklo
Higher Commercial College, where his
efforts met with great success, is
among the latest arrivals at the Occi
dental Hotel, having come from the
Orient by way of 3eattle -with the^ln
tention of spending several months on
the Pacific Coast.
In teaching language to the subjects
of the Mikado he adopted a purely
psychological method, of which he has
been a strong advocate for years, and
which he says is the - most practical
method of education in Japan. Discuss
ing hts experiences in the Orient he
said yesterday:.
No nation on " earth is striving harder to
educate Itself than little Japan, whose sub
jects are exceedingly apt scholars and will ab
sorb everything in the way of Information
that Is presented to them.
Among the students of the schools In which
I was engaged tn educational work I found
it to be a great desire of the scholars to learn
as much aa possible of the manners of the
English and American people, aa of their lan
guage, and I endeavored to associate both in
the courses of instruction prepared for them.
In my mind the acquirement of a knowledge
of the English language will be more mate
rially responsible for the future, advancement
of the Japanese empire in th» matter of civil
ization and in its . commercial progress than
any other study. They readily acquire our
manners with our language, and In this way
they are rapidly strengthening themselves a»
a nation.
IDEALS ARE CHANGING.'
It was not long ago that the Japanese re
garded the commercial pursuits of man as Ig
noble, and it was a difficult matter to con
vince them to the contrary. But now the
Government is straining every effort to instill
among the people a taste for commercial pur
suits, anU they are grasping everything in the
way of Information tn that direction. The first
thing they ask you. however, when they hava
sufficiently ' mastered English is about our
ethics. . Having been^taught that \u25a0 commerce
carries with it honor, they seek to add to their
uuali tiicat lotis aa business men the manners
of the gentleman. ' ~ • , :
It was for this" reason tIT-it I undertook " to
Include in the lessons I taught them stories of
how the English ami Americans live; how they
I rise, in the morning, bathe, dress and prepare
I for breakfast; how they . dine and how" thay
j act In the presence of women. You can hardly
Imagine how deeply Interested they arc In all
' this' information and how uufcKly — they adopt
I the manner.-* of the Westerner as 1 pictured
i.them to them. ; • \
Teaching them ttie English language has nut
been a difficult task. for. as I have > already
said, they art very apt. . The greatest 'diffi
culty they experience Is In the proper analys- !
ing. of the vowels, f or. . while our dictionaries
are supposed to properly do so. the analysis Is
not sufficient for thu Japanese smient to freely
comprehend It. 1 tried to rcsldly follow thn-«
• principles tn the courses or -instruction, and
I was not lung In realising that they could -be
I satisfactorily employed by all teachers who
i. were ambitious to improve the educational ten
! d«ncles of tho Japanese.
j GIVUS CLEAR CONCEPTIONS.
I furnished the students clear mental plc»
tures. and In lessons of objective fact 1 planned
not to change the ecene too often. In Instruct
ing them in the subjective janguage, or Idioms
of: thought end emotion, my plan was to first
explain literally and then idiomatically, giving
them many examples and : frequent instances.
In 'the 'grammar lessons vie use of example.-*,
v.hlch. applied directly to. me student's life or
action, . either "-in pis. class, ur at bis home.
proTeJ ' most advantageous. Th# teaching, of
phonetics also greatly helped the ambitious
Japanese in "mastering English. • which, by the
way. U - now being studied, by more than a
million students In the oini>|n-.
.Professor Swan, is of the opinion that
England and v America would greatly
profit In : ' the lend if they would take the
indemnity they are • receiving from
China and "apply it in some thorough
manner, to -educating the'Chlnese us
the Japanese are being, "educated. / Sev
eral years' experience in China- has con
vinced ; him "that the establishment of
schools ; on l this _coast for the education
of i Chinese would make a great na
tion of the Orientalists and win for
this country their everlasting srati
tude and eternal respect for our na
tion. ... • ' -
CHI.VA HAS MMITATIOXS.
•He concedes, however, that China
never will be a great nation — that is, a
modern nation, until her eighteen prin
cipal dialects are combined in one and
her people have been forced to appre
ciate the urgent need of a central gov
ernment that will correctly administer
all the important affairs of the coun
try. -During hi 3 stay In the Orient
Professor Swan prepared a phonetic"
dictionary of the dialect of Peking,
which he says can be written on a
typewriter and thoroughly understood
by all English-speaking Chinese.- not
withstanding the frequent assertion
that a comprehension of the dialects of
China can only be obtained after- one
has familiarized himself with the -va
rious intonations.
Will Oppose Claims of San
Franpisco to Use of the
Tuolumne.
More Than One Hundred
Will Visit the Northern
Exposition.
OAKLAND. Aug. 6.— Charred and black
ened beyond Identification, the bodies of
three children of Antone Ferfeira. vic
tims of the fire lost night which destroyed
the humble cottage that was their home,
lie at the Morgue awaiting the arrange
ments for burial that will lake place to
morrow afternoon in St. Mary's Cemetery.
The funeral services will be held simul
taneously over the three children and
they will be interreoVin one plat.
To the tragic death of the little ones.
Antone, aged 6 y^ars, Talvina. a sister, 4
years old, and baby Alfred, 2 years of
age, was added the wiping out of the
family's meager possessions, leaving the
parents penniless and destitute with the
baby who was saved.
Not a vestige was left of the home at
632 Valdez street. East Oakland. Even
Ferreira's ea%ings of $11 from his week's
wages was lost in the fire. He is a la
borer and all of his earnings went to sup
port his family. The cottage was a small,
four-room dwelling, rough -boarded on the
inside. It was a dry. tinder-box affair.
"When. the lamp exploded, spattering the
burning ' oil over the room. . the flames
spread so quickly that the place was all
abl?ze in an instant. It vould have been
only by a miracle that a* human being
could have fought through the fire to res
cue the children.
LJttle Talvina had awakened in time to
try to escape. She had sci ambled' out of
her bed and crawled or run as far as a
window ten feet distant when she was
overcome by the smoke and flames. Her
blackened body was found near the.win
dow which ehe had tried to reach. The
position of the tiny corpse told the story
plainly of the child's struggle to save
herself.
Frank Costa, .father of Mrs. Ferreira,
residing at 656 J /S) .Kennedy street," also in
humble circumstances, has taken the
stricken, daughter, her surviving baby
and the husband to his home, where
they will remain until they can rehabi
litate themselves. Mrs. Ferreira was talk
ins .with Mary Costa, her sieter, over the
back fence that separated the two houses
when the fire broke out. The frantic
mother saved her baby, who was in a
carriage in the back yard, but she could
not press through the flames, try as she
would, to reech the sleeping children in
the burninc house.
MODESTO TO FIGHT
FOR BIYER WATER
Professor Swan of England
Spends Four Interesting
Years With the Students
OAKLAND SPECIAL :
GOES TO PORTLAND
MOTHER OF THE THREE CHIL
DREN WHO WERE BURNED TO
DEATH FRIDAY EVENING.
TEACHING JAPS
OUR LANGUAGE
ST. JOHNS. N. F., Aug. C. — Secretary
of State Elih'u Root is now salmon
fishing on the west coast of Njw
Foundland and will arrive here on
Tuesday to remain a week before pro
ceeding 1 to Labrador to view.- the eclipse
of the- sun, — It is- enderstooct that -he
will hold a conference with, the "colonial
ministry "respecting', the Bond-Hay
treaty with the: view of effecting- a
compromise which will prevent the an
.forcement of the bait act and grant the
colony the fishery advantage of tlie
United States markets. \u25a0 "- 7
Secretary of State at Present Is Flsh
lusr tor Snlmon on AVest Cuast
of rfew KuumUauil.
KLIIIU ROOT IS- GOING TO
LABRADOR TO VlE^' ECLIPSE
Members of St. :Antliohy(s
Parisli Plan Picnic to Be
Held at Mora Park.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— Admission day
will be celebrated by the members of St.
Anthony's parish, in East Oakland, with
an outing: and picnic, which will be held
at Idqra Park. The' usual programme of
games, race's and dancing has been ar
ranged, and there' "will be' a "number of
special features/ '
A large refreshment booth will be in
charge ; of the members of the Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society.- The following com-,
mittees are in charge of the arrange
ments for the outing:
General advisory committee — Rev. P. C.
Yorke. pastor of St. ' Anthony's Church; Hugh
Hogan. chairman: M. J. Keller, : vice chair
man; M. A. Mclnnls. secretary; Thomas E.
Kane, Frank H. Garcia, oennts S. Dlmond,
John H. Ellis, Joseph T. Harrington. William
Shepherd. M. Kose. George y\'. Schmltt.' Rev.
P. M. McHugh. \u25a0 Rev. •J. J. Melvln. Alex J.
Rofborouph, Judsr-s W. R. ueary, P. Mahoney,
W. K. Christy, F. 12. Hayiey, Thomas Howard.
Thomas Deasy, A. Koine, Thomas Sullivan,
Dr. J. E. Lowery.
Ticket committe?-^-P. Mahoney, \V. Shepherd,
W. R. Christy. Thomas Healey, Thomas Deasy,
Robert Fitton. M. Fltzglbbcn. •
Prograujme committee — M. J. Keller. Judge
W. E- Geao'. Thomas Sullivan. Rev. P.' M.' ' Mc-
Hugh, Mrs, Huarh lics&n. Mrs. R. Fitton, Mrs.
H. S. Knapp. Mrs:F. H. Garcia, Miss L. Don
ovan. Miss K. Cummins, r:rs. W.- R. Geary,
Mrs. E. J. Ko*nlg, Miss M. Harrington, Miss
J. Netbltt.
Lntertainmtnt v and music committee — John
Ellis, Alex J. Rofrborough, Joseph J. Rosbor-
Gaie committee— J. T. Harrington. Jeremiah
Healv. Jmnei Nolan. J. F. Cavagnaro. John
Relljey. Henrj' Derby. Jos<;pn Kirk, James C.
Sh^plierd. R. H. Shepherd, P. Kretz. M. Fits
pibbon, James Slattery. Jr., Albert R. Cordon,
Charles Dtrby. C. R. Mulgrew, J. H. Mlllett.
Clem Kirk, W. R.,ChrJ«y. \u25a0~i
Publicity committee— Rev. P.. M. McHugh,
Judge W. R. Geary. M. A. Mclnnls, FranK
JDrady. F. \C. Hayiey.
Reception commlttee-D. S. Dlmond, Dr. B.
Stetson, A. Fonte, Thomas Sullivan, M. Cal
lachnn. . . . : w . : -'\u25a0
Promenade concert commlttee^ — T.. E. Kane,
T. F. Whelan. Emmet Ar.Commlns, William
j:. Hogarty. Frank Howard. : ..'
Sports and games, committee— F^-'H. Garcia,
I John O'Sullivan. James SiatteryjJr., B. Han
ley^ W. E. Hogarty, J. C. Shepherd, J. W.-
Eurke, Frank Howard. E. D. Carroll, G. W.
Schmitt, John J. Agnew. W. J. Mulgrew. •
WILL HOLD OUTINGr
ON ADMISSION DAY
'.'' WILL RAISE ELECTRICIAN'S SALARY.—
Alameda Aug. (5.— Joseph H Kahn. uuperln
tendentofthf municipal electric
ment is to have his monthly salary raised from
$125 to I $150. An ordinance fixing the Increase
.will be Introduced at the meeting of the Cl.y
Trustees to-morrow night.
MARCUS JONAS IN HUSPJTAL.-Oakland.
Aug. 6.— Marcus Jonas, a brother of A. Jonas
of -the Hub Clothing Company, has been taken
fb the Lane Hospital in San Francisco. He has
?een ill for some time and has taken a sudden
turn for the worse."
WILL AID IN -WORK.— Oakland, Aug. 6.—
The members of St. -Andrew's Society of Oak-
Und to aid »/yh« e^'"
of a monument to the memory of R obert Burns
which is to stand In Golden Gate Park in San
Francisco. The , monument will cost about
$16,000. ISOOO of which has already been sub
scrubed. ~~. ' ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0••
DOO BITES. DEAF "AND- DUMB CHILD.—
Alameda. Aug.' «.-Irvlug Speed. th« 0-WOjW
son of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas J. Speed o : 1L.7
r»-irV avenue bitten ou the left cheek o>
[ vicious dog U-day. The little fellow, who
Is a deaf mute, was playing with the c«nine
when tM bruto attacked him. The Injury Is
not" S erlous,one.;but will disfigure the boys
face.
RUNAWAY : BOY RECOVERED.— Berkeley.
Au " U 6 -Eugene Desimo. a 10-year-old lad who
ran away frlm hi. home at Wl7 Prince^ street
yesterday. Journeying as far as San Jose, has
been recovered by the police of- "»»<=»£ No
tification to this effect wo. rt *« l * ed ,, n by *|f. r I
shal Vollmer to-day. The boy hf d . n ° m °"*°
for running away other than a desire Jo «cc
the world." He will be returned to his parents
at once.
INQUEST ON LlNEMAN.— Oakland. Aug 6.
An inquest was held to-day by .^ ne . r hp M.^
mann in the case. of George H. an. the line
man who was electrocuted at the Standard
Electric Company's -plant at Electra . Amadur
County. Thursday, and died on the tra .in f Friday
afternoon on the way to OaKiand Death from
burns by electricity was the verdict. Thjrbody
was shipped to-nlsht to relatives at Tacoma.
at Fernbrook Park on Sunday August 2.. and
Br.f.rli>i trains will leave both towns at.J.«JO
a P m on that dale. The following commits
has charge of the arrangements for the out
ing: Thyra— H. M. Sorensen, A. Jensen Peter
Hlnsen. Danfleyang-J. P. OUen. L. Neilten.
C. R. Madsen. :" \u25a0
AGED COUNTERFEITER MAY.
land Aug. C— John Duff, the aged United
States prisoner who was brought from Santa
Rosa to the Alameda County Jail Pending Ms
trial In the United States courts. Is W low
at the Receiving Hospital. W".''''^ £™
he was too eiek to stay in Jail ""* has b |X"
removed to the hospitar for « r< *JU"£ t -,_™!
heart Is affected, and his age. which is 01
years, is against him. • \u25a0 \u25a0;\u25a0 ••
SPEAKS ON CRIMINALS -Oakland Aug.
6.-' "Ourselves and Our Criminals wa«_the
topic of a sermont this «v en » n *_ by "?. e :,*!V
Robert Whltaker. pastor of the J^" ls^'^;
avenue Baptist Church. , IJe said the murder
of Thomas W. Cook was an infamous one
and added: "It was because \u25a0 »*^*.» n ««» « n
the avenue has so long gone unpun }<*«*, be
cau«e fathers and mothers In maj ay cases
Justified the disorderly conduct of their nons
that we had this bloody crime the other night.
.REPORT OF HOLD-UP.-Berkeley. Aug^e.
Displaying his empty pocket-book .to .pro^e.
that he actually had been roobed, Nat Camp
bell.- a -driver employed -by Logan •\u25a0 ; . Ex preM
Company, swore to the por-.ce last night that
he had been held up and of all tho
money he carried while on the way to his home
on Cirleton street in West Berkeley. T"« Po
lice investigated the matter «n<J KJ\« • »"i^
credence to the story. It Is considered more
• likely that Campbell's moiwy went Jw "quor
than to satisfy the , greed of highwaymen.
Campbell's alleged los« amounted to about $10.
NATIVE SONS' THEATER PARTY.—Ala
roeda. Aug. 6^-Alamcda Parlor No. 47. Native
Sons of the Golden the .pioneer organ
ization of the fraternity in this will
give a theater party at Ye Liberty HayhouM
on Tuesday evening, the proceeds of which
will l.c utilized in maintaining headquarter^ In
I Klern. Hull. S3^rame"to., during the c-lebn.t lon
of Admission day. Composing the committed
In charge ot.the uieatrleal event are b. H>«»nib.
II X Cook -C T Rose. J. Peterson and,,W. \u25a0
Walkup Jr.' Piedmont Parlor of 1 9» k 'a nd m w »' 1
occupy the same apartments with Alameda
.Parlor In the capita) city. '\u25a0
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 6.— Fred L. Bohm.
a butcher of this city, is walking to the
Portland fair on a 5250 wager. He left
this city en July 12. starting with a
wheelbarrow from in front of the Oberon
saloon. Bohm. who is a Jovial fellow,
was not taken seriously by his many Ger
man friends, but he has been heard from
at Wheatland and Marysyille. having: ar
rived accompanied by- -his - collie and
wheeling his barrow.
One of the conditions of the wager is.
that he earn his own living, which he Is
doing by repairing chairs and doing oeM
jobs. His barrow- was placarded with sa
loon and cigar store advertising cards.
He must reach Portland by October 1.
He will now have to average only ten
miles a day. which is an easy matter for
a man as srongly built as Bohm.
Special Dispatch to The Call.*
Santa Cruz Man Pushing. a
Wheelbarrow to \u25a0 > v
Portland. j££
WALKING TO FAIE
TO WIN A WAGER
SAUSALITO. Aug. «.— Next Saturday
afternoon will be a general holiday here
and will be given over to the dedication
of the new public school building. The
ceremonies will take place at 2 o'clock
in the afternoon. The Board of School
Trustees has requested business men
to close their stores in order that every
one may have an opportunity to be pres
ent. It is expected that there will be a
large attendance from San Rafael. Mill
Valley and other nearby points. . ,
Owing to the rapidly increasing number
of pupils attending the public schools the
board decided to improve the facilities
for handling the pupils and put an. end
to overcrowding. It was decided after
much deliberation to have the town bond
ed for $30,000 for the purpose of bettering
the educational facilities by building two
new schools. The bond election was car
ried and • the new schoolhouses con
structed.
Congressman- Duncan B. McKlnlay was
to have been present to make an address,
but will be unable to do so,' as he is with
the Taft party in the Far East. : The pro
cession- of school children will form at
the Central Schoolhouse at 1 p. m. and.
headed by the Sausalito brass band, will
march to the South Schoolhouse, where
the dedicatory ceremonies will take place.
The assemblage will be called to ' order
by Jacques Thomas, 'clerk of the school
district, who will Introduce the chairman
of the day, Professor C. O. Sharpe.
The programme will be as follows:
Prayer,' Rev. Mr. Maxwell, rector of
Christ Episcopal Church; song, school
children; remarks' J. B. Davidson. Coun
ty Superintendent of Schools; music.
Sausalito brass band; address, Town
Trustee W. J. Martin; address, Thomas
P. Boyd, _ JDistrict Attorney of Marin
County:- music. Sausalito brass band; ad
dress, Captain J. C. Cantw'ell. command
er United States cutter McCulloch: rais
ing of the flag; music. Sausalito brass
band; address, Hon Thomas J." Lennon.
Judge of the Superior : Court; remarks.
Rev. Father Valentin!, pastor of St.
Mary's Church; benediction. Rev. Mr.
Paterson. rector of the Presbyterian
Church. ... .
| STANFOJtD UNIVERSITY. Augf. «.—
Plans for.an addition to the machine shop
of the mechanical engineering department
have been drawn up and work, will be
commenced in the course of . the next
week. The building la to be a one-story.
140 feet hy 60 in size. The material used
will be buff sandstone and the architec
ture, will be similar to that af the other
buildings of the university. The roof will
be tiled, after the old Spanish style.
Theodore Palmateer. who. was acting
foreman of the machine shop%the second
semester of last year, has been, regularly
appointed to the head of the shop. The
course will be greatly enlarged and will
be rendered more practical than formerly.
After the v.ar the retired veteran set
t'.ed at Memphis. Term.. where he en
gaged in the wholesale grocery business,
the linn being Karguson & Clay. 11l
health in his family caused Major Clay
In 1^73 to dispose of his interests and
come to California. Possessed cf a com
petency and active in mind and body, he
e'-on embarked in the new field, which
repaid his clean business methods hand
somely. !!*• accumulated a fortune esti
mated at the time of his death to be
tome wh«r<= near $1,000,000. Nineteen years
ago the Clays moved to Fruitvale. where
a beautiful home In spacious grounds
v.as purchased. Jt is one of the show
places alcng the broad road, the main
thoroughfare between Oakland and the
faster n suburb?. Here the Clays de
lighted to entertain In a way typical of
the South, whence they came.
About four years ago Major Clay was
Etrickea v.ith an illness from which he
Cid not fully recover. He was compelled
to cease hi* active concern- in business
and to live quietly. Betides his large in
terest in Sherman. Clay & Co.. which
was Incorporated a few years ago. Major
Clay had large holdings in suburban
property mar Fruitvale and owned large
ranches at Livermore and Fresno. He
le-ave-s a widow. Mrs. Annie L. Clay, and
three children. Philip T. Clay. Madeline
Clay and Mrs. Harden Lake Crawford.
The funeral arrangements have not been
made.
OAKLAND. Aug. 6.— Major Charles
demerit Clay. cont-ollins member of the
xr.us.'cal supplies firm of "Sherman, Clay
ir Co.. whose principal house is at gutter
and Kearn;. streets, San Francisco, died
this afternoon at his residence. East
Fourteenth street and Twenty-seventh
avenue, after an illness of several years.
The trouble became serious c. month ago,
affecting Major Clay's stomach and caus
lt.g death.
Tor thirty years Major Clay had been
Identified with the firm of Sherman, Clay
& Co.. wh.ch had existed for many years
before he became Interested in it as Sher
man. Hyde & Co. When Major Clay
ciimf to California h* looked about for
Investment and chese to go into the piano
business. The firm grew und*r his
charge until it expanded throughout the
Pacine Coast, with branch houses in
nearly all or the largre cities.
Major Oiay was bom sixty-nine years
ago in Dyer <_'ount>\ Tennessee, being a
<kse«ndant of Henry Clay, the "Mill Boy
of the Slashes." At th? outbreak of the
\u25a0war the young man cant his fortunes
with ttie South and served in the Confed
erate army under General Nathan B.
lorrest until -hostilities- ceased. He was
voun'Jed twicp in battle.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
\u25a0 OAKLAND, Aug. 6,— The remarkable
.development of suburban property, and
particularly tn the district between the
| center of population in Oakland and the
j center of population in Berkeley Is shown
|by the operations of the firm of Hol
comb. Breed & Bancroft of this city. In
two years this firm has opened fourteen
tracts of land In this section, and have
sold more than $500,000 worth of lots, witfa 1
property on the market and contracts in
prospect that will bring in probably as
much more money within a very less
period of time. These figures are, accu
; rate and are not inflated.
All of the tracts are on different lines
of the Key Route and Oakland Traction
Company's systems. . The »*rm pursued
the usual method of doing the street
work and of selling on installments. The
street work has been well done, and more
than one hundred houses have been
erected upon . these tracts since they
were first opened.
The. first tract that was put on the
market was the old Mosawood Tract. It
is all sold and nearly all built upon. The
first "Santa Fe" tract was opened July
1, 1903, and since that time all of their
tracts hay« been numbered. The follow
ing is the record of the sales In these
tracts:
. Mosswood Tract— November, 1902, 128 lota
placed on sale at ?18 to ¥20 p«r front foot.
Practically all lots were sold Toy July 1, 1903.
One corner lot Is now he>ld at f 65 per front
foot. About • 115 homes have been built on
these lots , A few remaining vacant are held
by owners at f2T 50 to $40 l*r front foot.
Santa Fe Tract No. I— July, 1903, 50 lota
placed on sale. All lota sold < within ; six
Santa Fe Tract No. 2— November. 1003. IT6
lots, iiacsd on sale. All but five lots* »old.
Santa Fe Tract No. 3— June, 1904, 25 lota
placed on sale. All lots sold.
Santa Fe Tract -No. 4— Auguit. 1904, 83
lots placed on sale.. Alt but 18 lota sold.
Santa Fe Tract No. 5-^Aug-ust. 1904—206
lots placed on sale. All but 25 Jots sold.
: - Santa Fe Tract No. 6— December, 1904. 67
lota placed on sale/ All but 10 lots sold. N
Santa Fe Tract No.. 7 — December, 1904, 23
lots placed on sale. All but 6 lota sold.
Santa Fe Tract No. B—2B8 — 28 lots recently placed
on the market, and about half already sold.
• Santa Fe Tract No. 8—24 lots placed on the
market July 5, 1905. AH sold. One year ago
this tract vu a vegetable garden. Property
in this tract Is now held at about $50 per
iront foot.
Santa F« Tract No, 10—42 loti placed on
the. market July 25, 1905, and 5 lots already
sold. This tract Is near a fine twelve-room
Echoolhouse now being erected, and is also
close to Bushrfd Park, being situated on the I
east side of Shattuck avenue, between Sixty
second and Sixty-third streets.
.' Santa Fe Tract No. .11— €5 lot* Just being
placed on the market. .
Santa Fe Tract No. 12—23 lots placed on
th© market July 12, 1905. AH but three lots
sold. • \u25a0'. ."*'\u25a0-•' ' ' \u25a0 \u25a0' • * '
Santa F« Tract No. 14 — 30 lota placed on the
market July 25. 1905. Several lots already
sold.:- ' \u25a0 :\u25a0:•\u25a0 \u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 j -. .- -.: - '\u25a0\u25a0 -• .-
OAKLAND, Aug., 6.— The first steps to
give Oakland a harmonious system of
parks -will be taken by tne City Council
to-morrow night, when It is hoped they
•will proceed with an appropriation of
$50,000 J or the filling of the park site
south of the Twelfth street dam. City
Engineer Turner has ueclded that the
park site belongs to the city without de
fect of title, and has cleared the way for
this magnificent improvement.
This section of land, which is half
filled and partly under water at high
tide, has always been an eyesore to the
city. By simply dredging Lake Merritt.
which in itself is a much needed im
provement, and pumping the mud over
this section the foundation for a beauti
ful park can be made.
This will be the beginning of a chain of
parks that will reach from the Sixteentn
street depot in West Oakland to Inde
pendence square, East Oakland, and to
Bushrod Park in North Oakiand. These
parks when finished will make Oakland
one of the show cities of California,' and
to this end every member,of the adminis
tration, both legislative and executive, is
earnestly working."
"This city ought to be called the Park
City," says Mayor Mott. "and if we can
only make a beginning I am sure we can
have a system so nearly completed in the
next two years that it will take very lit
tle to complete it. \u25a0 The natural begin
ning is this section just south of Twelfth
street, and when this is started we" pro
pose to begin work on the marsh by the
depot in "West Oakland, on. Independence
square and up on Bushrod Park. In do-
Ing this we are merely developing what
we already have, and are not buying new
properties. The entire administration is
earnest in its desire to do something to,
beautify the city."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Marvelous Development Fol
lows Building of the Key
Route and Street Roads
Various Improvements Are
Indorsed by the Mayor
and Citizens Generally
Music and Addresses to Be
Features of the Exercises
in the Marin County City
Serves in the Confederate
Army During the Civil
War and Is Twice Wounded
MANY TRACTS OPENED
Engineering /Department to
Benefit From Increased
Facilities on the Campus
LEAVES LARGE FORTUNE
LAND HAS GOOD TITLE
CHILDKEN WILL MAECH
WILL BE SANDSTONE
Major Charles C. Clay of
Sherman. Clay & Company
Dies at Fruitvale Home
Firm Sells Half a Million
Dollars' Worth in Oakland
Suburbs During Two Years
Ask Appropriation by City
Council to Fill Swamp
South of" Twelfth Street
Ceremonies to Be Held Next
Saturday Afternoon by
the Citizens of Sausalito
Large One-Story Structure
• to Serve as Annex to the
Overcrowded Machine Shop
Fire Leaves Nothing of Ferreira Home,
in Which Children Perished.
DEATH CLOSES
ACTIVE CAREER
PARKS WANTED
FOR OAKLAND
GREAT DEMAND
FOR HOME LOTS
WILL DEDICATE
NEW SCHOOLS
NEW BUILDING
FOR STANFORD
FAMILY IS DESTITUTE
IN HOUR OF GRIEF
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
i ,*•"•"\u25a0-? \u25a0 • \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0._••'.' -'.-i \u25a0-.. .......
TIIE--SAN FRANCISCO GALL, : MONDAY, AUGUST 7, : 1905.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
No Cost. 7.f|
If you arc weak and worn-:
out— if you are nervous, irrita-
ble, have headache, backache,
neuralgia, or periodical pains, it
is be"cause you have exhausted
your nerve force.
If you. cannot sleep", and are
thus robbed. of the rest which
nature demands for the restor-
ation of mental and physical
vigor, your system will con-
tinue to run down.
Dr. Miles' Nervine restores
vitality by soothing and
strengthening ... the- nervous
system, thus inducing refresh-
ing sleep, .. and. . impart jng
strength and vigor to all the
organs of the body.
There are very few- instances
where Nervine will not benefit;
if not, i your druggist will re-
fund the money.'
• n ®. l had a ver y SOUT stomach-
?*t\ I?£'*2i UlCi J ti ? s t3X around on my
left Pidc— attended with extreme nerv-
ousness. I dreaded to have night
come, as it was impossible for me to
?££?; V l r3 l hl ]? s ! atlß distressed me. :
Before I . h 4 d finished one bottle of
m* *?\ there was such a change that
my husband bought six more, which
has restored m« to health."
iIRS. JENNIE SIMMS.
* Rushville. Ind.
f Dr. Miles' Nervine Is sold by your
druggist, who will guarantee that the
Sin* ZH'^ If It falls, ha
will refund your money. .
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind' Try the United States 'Laundry.'- '1004
Maflcet''s"tfAtrTTeleph'one'BoTith*42o:: • *
Per bark Olympic, from* Honolulu, \u25a0 Auk ft—
'Sailed July 12;0n,12th and 13th had'strons
NE trades and heavy «ea running In lat 14 15,
\ot\k 25 09 W;. In lat 'l6o 02 W had heavy ,KE
gale with terrific hail . squalls, blowing
away' several saila, the chip rolling and labor-
Ing 'heavily and taking in great quantities of
water, • floodlne , decks •to ; the rail and wash
ing everything movable on \u25a0 deck; had light
variable winds to Aug 5, thence, to port strong
NW winds. \u25a0:;- - ' - ' \u25a0 •
Memoranda.
States, • from . Copenhagen. ChristlaniA ' : and
CIA-l<>tlanscnd;. itmr Colnmbla, from GlangoM
and Movlll«:.#tmr La Gascogne. from Havre. •
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed < Aug 0— Stmr Etru
rla. from \u25a0 Liverpool, for New York.
;v; v William Rodman, 68 East street,' while
walking through; the bushes : in Golden
Gate" Park ; yesterday ? morning discov
ered the body of a*, man on , the line ; of
Forty-seventh '\u25a0* avenue, - north ; of the
maln;'drlve^ ; The ; Morgue was , notified
and Deputy : : 'Coroner * Fennell removed
thelbody. .It' must have lain .there }for
about; slx^months.Yas it ; wasjbadly de-,
composed." In the^ pockets, were found
a'derrlnger.-two, cuff buttons; and an
"old watch bearing, the" initials "H. 8.'."
an s empty flask * and ofher , articles, -but
nothing- to- lead-to his -Identlflcatlon.-'- -'
UnknoWn Man's Body Discovered.
MONDAY. AUGUST 7.
Sun rle«s ••-- s ;li; Ii "• xn -
Sun «>e«s ":»3 p. m.
Moon rUe« H'-33 p. m.
C 'Time! Time! ITimel iTlmej
F |_ Ft. Ft. I Ft. j Ft.
y !H Wf |L -W1 iH Wj iL -XVi
7 I 4:27) 4.210:04] I.!)| 4:40! 5.5;i1:20 1.1
S B;s£ 4.0!ll:05i 2.310:33! 5.6|....
\u25a0iL VVJ iH WJ |L WJ H W
o' 0-3i^ O.q 7:27 4.0|12:101 2.C 6:80 0.7
10 l:» 0.2 8:41 4.1 1:141 2.0 7^o 5.S
11 2-311— O-I 9=<2 4.4 j 2:151 2.9 8:M 5.9
V 2 3:23:— 0.4110:32 4.< i] 3:001 2.8 D:2o| 5.U
*;oTE — In the above expoeltloa of tht tides
, 'The .CHy.J3oard;o£; Health - Is -keeping
a qtiarantliic -Ruard ,#'ohr«duty. on \the
ArchbilsHdp's;preml»es;and only- the at
tending '.} physician I';and'-'-nurses1 '; and'-'- nurses are al
lowed to: enter the, p.Upe. ; * * : . ,'; ; ;
Archblrtop' I 'Chnppelle, i Stricken f - With
\u25a0 Yellow " ireveri ' li> -Holding;' . Hli Own. "• .
;<s^r-Dr.l La
Riie, 1 the attending physician,'" reported
at 9!30* o'clock?.tO-night ! .tlfit>th6: 'con
dition,of •Archbishop". Chipp'elle-was?un T
changed ; from *latt J nlght," ; > when.-tthe
noted'prelate was^reported.as danger
ously ;ill*with a virulent J attack of; yel
low fever./ : Dr. .La " Sue (sa \ d : >; :'. , •>\u25a0 [t •
vi'The'."*Archbishop,',ls{holding ;hls own,
and *ani<!ssriothsr/.6ompllcatlons *Bet'".in
his , chances ",fo'r- recovery; are : p'romig-
%;bH*4 -States Coast and Oodetlc Sur\ey —
Time sod Height of High and Low Waters
et Fort Point, entrance to San Francl»co
Bay. Published by olnclal authority of the
ScrHTlntendrnt.
•COTE— Tlie hlKh ard low waters occur at
the city front < Mls»!on-«if rrct wharf) about 23
miputea later then at Fort Points the height
of tide lc the same at both places.
>un. Mimn nnd Tide.
YELLOW FEVER IX >EW YORK.
Victim From, the Inthmus Die* In the
• . Detention Hospital.
NEW YORK,; Aug. 6. — One man died
of yellow, fever, at the New York De
tention Hospital to-day. • making the
first case of yellow fever discovered
on ships entering New York this sum
mer and -the second death.
V'Thls Isithe first time in five years,"
said .Health Officer ; Doty, "that New
York has. been threatened by more than
one yellow fever case In a summer.
.At the meeting-! of the San Francisco
Drug Clerks' Association held in J'lo
neer Hall, last Saturday evening the
following officers were duly installeJ:
President, Charles B. Whilden: ilrst
vice Professor J. Flint: seu
ond/Vlc'e' president, .Charles C.Bucher;
financial ' secretary. Philip Wclsj; re
cording secretary, W. E. Murphy; deler
gate to Labor Council,' J. H. Hubacheck;
treasurer,'- G. M. Murphy; grievance
committee, E. J.'Maloney and W. Adalr.
On the conclusion of v the*, Installation
the room was thrown open .for. a good
time.'ln, which. refreshments and oth«r
entertainments) were In .order for; the
balanceof. the evening. The men who
prescribe 1 for 'suffering humanity en
joyed themselves to : their hearts" con
tent, before the : hour of adjournment
arrived. '^ i';- .;.".',•\u25a0. i' ? -'i : t'-; ''. ' .
Druff Clerks 'Install Offlcfm.
willlam.B. 'Smith, aVpantryman.'itaken
off-the steamship" JAdvance, ff6m*C6l6n
last; Thursday, ...withvjiirie. othersB^B7
pects," died, to-day;of an acute;cape of
yellow fever.' Seven; other,-members
of'this;party are stilf under Inspection."
-. Not ooe of these ffcver; cases, Dr.
Doty said.thas come from'the fevfir dis
tricts in the; Unlte&uStates. *f Panama
has-supplied \them;all. .-.-.\u25a0 i, r-. ' 4}
"Pantryman:; Smith,'.' | said - Dr. > Doty
to-day, only.;the-sthlrd case out of
fully 200 suspects whohaye been taken
from .-'ships hire/ 'His-death to-day
came so suddenly, that ;we\could .not
even Jearn :,w)iere Jils famUy Is.", ii. \u25a0*::>: :>
rUp to;la8t night.Smith'hadiapparent
ly.as.good, a.charice ;ot.lif,e.as.any i.of
the:i97 other fever suspects^who /have
spent a»ife'w;daj*s:ln;quarknt|ne7''laugh
ing at fever; suspicion^ 4nds gone away
in'perfectfMealth.i* The pantrymahZwas
discovered ;Thursdair.; amo*ngi a row -of
AdvdnceV.s&ilors -lined'jiip" '• for, medical
examlnatibii.^. f^l'^k'vf^ii'^-V't J .'< ' I
' Hft-wa* Iloiider1 loiider jthanUHe^ others .at the
examination ,S and Dpf y.' laugh
ingly removed the thermoMetjerjfrbm" him
with-an*'indlcated'<"teihpSratute':6f; 102
degrees. he' made a 'test a' vsecond; time
to : be: sure -. th ere.; \ i was *no > * error,} so
healthy .did; he rapp"ear.. :Takeh: to/the
Detentjon,'.Hdspltal.v Smith* reta!ne,d:'hls
chaffing- 1 good y nature", juntil::..Friday
morning.. Then, he,; gave fn and-*, ad
mitted .that:siiice about(Uit; Monday he
had! bften •, feeling Ml. vliate j-Sattirday
evening Smith" grew, suddenly; worse.
Thisrmbrhlrig. lie could no;longer:speak
and before nopn heTdied." >" •
."The death .of -\u0084 Smith.' to: day.":i Dr.
Doty;sa,ld, "I^regard-trierelyaSian iso
lated •-'««se:;-'which;,has;,n6t'in;the least
jeopkrditedvthe safety, of olher per
sohs-at'quarantine.".^; \u0084<;'•; - t r~,
\u25a0: vh', t-'-''
.., ; :
./' ;'v -' J» >*W- ¥C?h'
HlS*' CHANCES! PROMISING.-•
REDDING, Aug. 6.— Because, he was
awakened too early on Friday morning
Frank Baldwin took a "club and nearly
killed E. R. Husted.near \u25a0- Alturas.
Baldwin was working for. Charles
liams, baling hay. When he retired' he
announced that he .would .kill 'the first
mah who, aroused him- before he. _was
ready to get up. Husted/'rtbt'knowirfg
of the threat, called all the men' and
returned to bed. Baldwin "got a club,
went to Husted's bed and beat .him
on the head- several'" times. -Baldwin
tried to escape, but t^e' ' field hands
overtook, him. .He is now,, in; Jail..; Hus
ted's comrades threaten to j lynch Bald
win.- - -'\u25a0•' 1 :.• •\u0084;: \u25a0 •\u25a0;'. :^ 'u-j » \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•.-•„
. Vote Tuesday morning, before you bo
down town, for- the Son Franclnoo Re
publican* Lrnguf. . ?•: . >'\u25a0 *i -v. .> .
Filipino Jumpn From Window.
Larla Flores, a Filipino, who imag
ined that some enemies were persulng
with the object of killing him, jumped
out of his bedroom window, at 1224
Powell street iat 6 o'clock yesterday
morning.; His injuries were not seri
ous. He was sent to the Detention
Hospital for the Insane and will be ex
amined by the Lunacy Commission this
forenoon.
Field Hand Nearly .-\u25a0Kills- His
Companion for Disturb
ing Him. :
Steamer. 1 From. I Due.
. Contrail* ] Grays Harbor lAug. 7
CorunaJo 1 lirayn Harbor iAUrf. 7
O. Dollar San Pedro JAug. 7
Columbia ! Portland & Astoria ?Aug. 7
y. Kilburn Portiand & Way Ports, Aug. 7 ;
Pomona | Humboldt ; j Aug. 7
Coos Bay 1 San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 7
fctate of Cal...j San Di(go & Way Its. : Aug. 7
Koanoke j Los Angeles Ports ;Aug. 7
Del None Crescent City lAug. 7
Argo L>] River Ports [Aug. 7
l'cru I New York via Ancon..iAu&. S
Ct.ehaJis j Grays Harbor ;Aug. S
Rainier Seattle &. Bel!lngham..:Aug. 8
iiedondo Portland &. Astoria....; Aug. S
E&nta Monica.. • San Pedro iAug. b
Elizabeth I Cc<jullle River (Aug. 8
Eureka j Humboldt Aug-. 9
Hcmer ; Grays Harbor (Aug. 8
Vmatllla ! Pugtt Sound Ports .Aug. 8
Nevadaa ! Honolulu & Kahului |Aug. 8
£. Barbara... £*n P-edro iAu«i. lj
Ccroca Hun:boldt iAug. 10
M. F. Plant... Coos Bay & Pt Orford.|Aug. 10
Pora» Feint Arena & Albion. {Aug. 10
: fcr.-.a Rcsa. . . San Diego & Way Porte, Aug. 10
W Meteor Seattle Aug. 11
li.i.'.ta.. Newport 4 Way Port*. Aug. 11
>iwburg Grays Harbor Aug. 11
Et. Paul Portland & Astoria:. . Aug. 12
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 14
<Juc*n Puget Sound Porti Aug. 14
Mongolia China &. Japan Aug. 16
Alameda. Honolulu Aug. IS
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.} Pier.
\ukum 7. 1 '
Aurell* Astoria & Portland! 5 pm Pier 27
Xorthlacd.. Astoria & Portland J 3 puii^ier 'St
Cemraiia... Lot Angeles Ports. jlO ami Pier 10
Arizona:).... Hono. & K&hului ; Pier 23
Ro&noke.... Portland & Way.. 2 pm Pier 5
. A u cust 8. I
Arro Eel River Ports... 3 pmPi^r 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
Cascade Gray's Harbor !Pitr 2
City Pucbla. \u25a0 Puget Sound Ports. 11 arolPler 9
August 9.
Pomoaa Humboldt I:3op'Pler 0
CuracmC... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
X. Fork Huraboldt 9 am Pier 20
F. Kilburn.- Portland & Way.. 2 pm,' Pier 27
Sea Foam.. Point Arena 4pm Pier 2
A^i.c Hcmboldt » ampler 2
t- -i.or.: _a. . Ony*a Harbor 4'praPler 'Z
, \ Auffu.it 10. ;
Stat« of Ca l .' San Diego & Way. Sam V.rr II
Boscmt. . |Fy<lney & Way Pte 2 pm Pier 7
Je&cie 'Seattle & ' Taeoma. 5 pm Pier 2d
Columbia... 'Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2*
C. Lindauer. Grays Harbor 1 i<m Pier 2
Cooe Bay... 6an Pedro &. Way. 9 am ! Pier 11
6. Barbara.. Seattle direct i ptnjPicr 2
AajtoHt 11. { j
Eiizabeth... Coquilie River 1 5 prrvPier 20
< "he-halls ! Gray» Harbor | 3 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & Bergh'tH] 4 i>m|Pier lo
Coronado. ... Grays Harbor i 4 pmiPler 10
Aturunt 12. I ;
PosiO Pt Arena & Albion! 6 pmjPler 2
M. F. Plant. Coos Bay I 4 pm;PUr 11
San Juan... N. V-, via Ancon!l2 tn ( Pler4o
Newburg... Grays Harbor [ 2 pra'.Pler 10
Rt£ond& AetorU & Portland 1 7 pm! Pier 2
AuprcM IS. !
Umatilla Pug*t Sousd Portslli amlPier 9
'\u25a0 An;cit»t IS. I
St. Paul Astoria & Portland--ll am' Pier 2i
fAujrtmt 10. ! I
Siberia China & Japan 1 lpmlPler4o
FROM SEATTLE.
Eleanor. I Destination. I Sails.
HuinbolUt Fkagway & Way Ports. Aug. »
Senator Nome & St. Michael.. 'Aug. 10
JctUnon jPkagway & Way. Ports. l Aug. 10 ,
Cottage City. ' F.kagway Se Way Ports.jAug. IS
Oregon ! Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 13
Portland; «xjck« Inlet & W*y PtsjAug. US
fcanta Ana S»ward & Way Ports.. 'Aug. 1G ;
Olynip!* Nome & St. Michael... 'Aug. 1«
Victoria iNome & St. Ml -had. ..I Aug. 17 |
Btrtlut I Cooks Inltt & Way Pta|Aug. 2T> .
\ Runs at, the fall of each wtcKet: One for 12,
two for sixteen, 'three for 24, four for 25, five
for 2S, six for 3S. seven for 60. «lght for 79,
nine t for 08. . ten for 124. .
\u25a0 - i ,' SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler — Balls. Maidens. Runs. Wkts.
Foster .•:... i..i... 102 1 31 4
Croll \u0084 108 2 56 4
Ward 54 « 20 1
Banner . . . ........ 12 0 1 1
y - ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
L. H. Wheatley,. b.. Wilkes.. 1
S sM. 'Foster, b. Lannowe 2S>
G. I. Baugh. b. Wilkes 4
F. J. Croll b. Wilkes 27
H.Blrd. c. Elliott, b. Wilkes ...24
G. H. Ward, not out 40
W. H. McNaughton. retired. • '. 19
C. W. Irish, run out 4
J. H. Sannders. c. Bowly, b. Casldy 3
J. Brown, b. Casldy. 3
C* Banner, c. Wilding, b. Casldy. O
Byes 9, leg byes 2. wide 1, no balls 2...... 14
.Totals. 168
* Runs at the fall of each wicket:. One for 1,
two for 9, three for 41,- four for 75, five for 103,
fcixfor 14S, seven for 157, eight for 161, nine
for 108. -ten for,l6S:
SUMMARY OF. BOWLING.
Bowler — % Balls. MaMena. Runs. Wkta.
Jamieson .. .'...- 06 . 2 31 0
Wllkt-8 ............ 102; 1 26 4
Tay10r*......:...- 13 O 16 0
Bowly 18 0 0 . 0
Lannowe ....'. 1* 0 13 1
Elliott ........... 54 0 31 0
Casidyv \u25a0 18 ' 0 12 3
Elliott Play« Fine 1 Innings, but Re
ceives Little Support From His
Team Mates.
The Alamcda eleven beat the Pacific
team by 44 runs in a match played on
the ground at Webster street, Alameda,
yesterday. The Pacific men went to the
wickets first, but none of them except
Elliott (80 not out) and Bowly (10)
made any'stand against the bowling of
Foster and Croll, each of whom cap
tured four wickets. Elliott's fine score
included seven threes and four fours.
Five of the Alameda batsmen made
double figures. Ward scoring 40 not
out," Foster 29, Croll 27, Bird 24 and Mc-
Na'ughton 17. Wilkes took four wick
ets and Casldy. captured three." The
details, follow: ' . .
/ PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB. \u25a0
E. H. Wilkes, b. Foster 6
H. D.. Bowly, b. Croll 10
H. R. Elliott, not out SO
E. H. M. Lannowe, b. Foster.: 2
D. B. Jamieson, c. Wheatley. b. Cr011. . . . o
A. W.. Wilding, b. Croll 0
H..N. Storrs. b. F<sster.. 3
H. 1 C. Casldy,, c. Brown, b. Foster 4
Norman Logan, b. Croll I
J." J. Theobald, b. Ward 7
Dr.O. N. Taylor, b.". Banner 4
Byes 4. leg byes 3.. ; ."
; ! Totals . .' :......'. • 124
CLUBS MA# WHO; .
\M BREAKS HIS SLEEP
ALAMEDA CRICKET ELEVEN
WINS BY A GOOD MARGIN
Charles. Boale. a laborer, living at
the Royal House. Montgomery street
and Broadway, reported to Policeman
Harrigan early yesterday morning that
he had been drinking with a stranger,
with whom he. had a fight at Kearny
and Pacific streets, ending in the
stranger stabbing him. in the back. A
few minutes later Policeman Ogden ar
rested John W.'Akins, a deckhand on
the steamer San Lorenzo, for being
drunk and' Boale identified him as the
man who had stabbed him; Akins was
booked at the City Prison for assault
with a deadly weapon and Boale was
sent to the Harbor Hospital.
Bonle Stabbed In the Back.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
* Sunday, Auzust 6.
Btmr Signal. Bendegard. Coos Bay. > -
Etmr Maggie. Oarclr*. Halfmoon Bay.
•Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Bonlta. Alberts. -San Pedro.
. Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood, Walvig, Bear Harbor.
Stmr Marlpoea, Lawless, Tahiti.
Stmr South Bay, Anderson, San Pedro.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. liowens Landing.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, Eureka.
Etmr Ban Pedro, Raemussen. San Pedro.
Ship Astral,* Dunham. New York.
Schr John 'A, Olsen, Eureka.
Schr Newark. Johnson, Stewarts Point.
Bchr Carrie and Annie, Pearson, Chlgnik
Bay.
Schr Ruby. Korto, Conuille River.
Schr Monterey, Nlelson, Monterey, In tow
tug Dauntless.
Schr Abbie, Larsen, Shelter Cove.
Tug Dauntless, Shea, Monterey, with echr
Monterey in tow.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug. 6. 10 p. m.— Weather
hary; wind W: velocity 0 miles per hour.
.„ DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug C — Ship Jabez Howes,
for Cape Town. '
BAN DON— Sailed Aug o— Schr C. T. Hill,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 6 — Stmr Elizabeth, hence Aug
3. Aug s—Schr5 — Schr Advance, hence July 22.
COOS BAT — Arrived Aug 0— Stmr Alliance,
from Eurtka. and sailed for Portland.
Sailed Aug 6— Stmr F. A. Kilburn, for Eu
rtka.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr F. A. Kil
burn. from Portland, for San Francisco.
Sailed Aug 6 — Stmr Pomona and Btmr F. A.
Kilburn. for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug C— Stmr Whlttler,
from Seattle; stmr Alliance, from Cooa Bay.
Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Newport, from Coos
Sailed Aug 6 — Stmr Czarina, for Ban Pedro;
ttmr Redondo. for San Francisco.
Arrived Atur 6— Bktn Georglna. hence July
24.
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 6— Schr Roy
Somers. hence July 20.
Sailed Aug 6 — Stmr Cbronado, for San Fran
cUco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Queen,
hence Aug 3.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Aug S^Schr Dc-
I Cam.*, from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Aug s— Schr J.
. M. Co! man. from San Pedro, for Everett.
SEATTLE — Sailed Aug c. U a m— Stmr Uma
! tllla, for Saa Francisco.
Arrived Aug ti — Stmr Charles Nelson, hence
Au; 3.
SEATTLE — Arrived Aug C— Stmr Queen,
hence Aue 3.
SAN PEDRO — Sailed Au? X> — Stmrs Roan
oke and Graco Dollar, for San Francisco. Aug
6 — Bktn George C. Perkins: for Grays Harbor;
stmr Mandalay. for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 6 — Stmr Cclla. from Iversens
Landing: Btmr Samoa, hence Aug-4.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Aug (s— Ship Benja
min F. Packard, from Baltimore, via Monte
video. *
PORT HARFORD— SaiIed ' Aug 6, 2:30 p m —
Stmr Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA — Arrived Aug C — Stmr
porno, hence Auir 5.
TATOOSH — Passed In Aug C — Stmr San Ma
teo hence Aug 3, for St. Michael, via Seattle.
. . . FOREIGN PORT.
f VICTORIA— SaiIed Aug 6— Stmr Umatilla,
for San Francisco. 1
ISLAND PORTS. -
HONOLULU— Sailed Aug 6— U S stmr Law
ton, for San Francisco.
MAHUKONA— SaiIed Aug I— Schr Metha
Nelson. for San Francisco. \u25a0
' MAKAWELI— Arrived Aug s— Bark Emily
T Whitney, from Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Caledonia,
from New York, via Movllle. i3Bß¥*e«Ss?r
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Op m— Stmr Fried
erich der Groese, from Bremen, for New York.
KEW TORK— Arrived Auj 6— Stmr ' United
SAILED
Stmr Breakwater, Johnson. 33 hours from
COO 6 Bay.
fctmr South Bay. Andresen. 78 hours from
Portland, via A»torla 68 hours, bound to Re
dondo. put In to land passengers.
Btmr North Fork. Nelson. 33 hours from
Eureka, with barge Lakme In tow.
Stmr Westport, Anflndsen, IS hours from
"Westrwrt .
Stmr San Pedro. Ra&mussen. 65 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south.- put In to land
passengers.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Sea Foam. Miller, 14 hours from Men
doclno, via Point Arena fl hours.
Stmr Aberdeen, Kelly, 70 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Bark Olympic, Evans, 25 days from Hono
lulu.
Bark W. B Flint. Johnson, 28 days from
Makaweli.
Schr Wing and Wing. Gruggel, 2 days from
Shelter Cove. ,
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 9 houre from Bo
dega.
Schr Santiago, Larsen, 10 hours from Mon
terey.
Barge Lakme, Ramsellus. 35 hours from Eu
reka, in tow stmr North Fork.
Tug Defiance, James, 10 hours from Mon
terey, with schr Santiago In tow, up river
direct.
Sunday, Auzust 6.
U S stmr Iris, Hinds, 40 hours from San
Dleco, up river direct.
Br «tmr Baroda. Whettem. 24 days from
Junin, via Port Los Angeles 43 houre. !
Stmr Brunswick. Ellefsen, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr G. C. Lindauer. Allen, 65 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alcazar, Winkel, 14 hours from Green
wood. \u25a0
ARRIVED.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
The schooner Confiar.za. Captain Chlemeri*,
arrived yesterday. 20 hours from Notleyn Land
ing, hir cargo consisted of 10.000 oyster poles.
Captain Chiemens had trouble with his crew.
ii.v es a r**ult the Conflanza wa» detained at
St tier* Landir.g some week€ longer than
cthc:wiee would have been necessary.
I'm b&rpe Ltkrn*. with 750.<>00 feet of lum-
Ixr. ai rived yesterday. 35 hours from Eu
a«ka. in tow of the steam schooner North
The oil schooner Santiago arrived yesterday
frem Monterey in tow- cf the Sprcckels tug De
ntm-e.
Water Front Notes.
The Overdue l.iM.
The vessels on the overdue list ere quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Lafayette. 75 per
cent; Red Rock, 15 per cent, and the Port
Stanley at S p*r cent.
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth t^m« column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but. three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Chart*, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The fifth anniversary. of the Leather
Workers' on Horse ' Goods was cele
bratedon Saturday evening by a smok
er and high Jinks in the Alcazar build
ing. The- committee, composed of the
following members, left. nothing unfin
ished in making the night's entertain
ment .a decided success. They were:
President W. C. Storek, Daniel Doods,
Stephen Malone, Patrick Lamb. W.
Conaty.M. Mead and W. Bols. A very
attractive programme was scheduled
for the evening's' entertainment, com
prising songs, recitations and comic
productions. Pipes and liquid refresh
ments were passed round by cheerful
waiters. \
Leather Worker* Celebrate.
A personally conducted excursion, via
Grand Canyon of Arizona, Denver, Colo
rado Springs, Manitou.. Garden of the
Gods, Pikes Peak, Kansas City and Chi
cago; $&".75 round trip to .Buffalo, in
cluding trip to Grand Canyon; every day
a holiday; the grandest sight-seeing ex
cursion of the year. '
F. of A. Attention! This is your offi
cial route. Reservations should be made
at once. 1
For further particulars ask at No. 653
Market street. Santa Fe Office.
Buffalo.' New York and Return, at Little
Although both from the Hawaiian Islands.
In spite 01 the fact that thry made oaesares
to nearly equal In length, the barks encoun
tered altos-ether dlffer«-r.t treatment from the
elements. The W. B. Flint encountered fair
weather from port to port. Shortly after the
Olympic ] e »t Honolulu she ran into a heavy
r.crtheafter iv which sails wer* blown away
and everything movable was \u25bawept from the
«<*cks. which repeatedly u-ere filled to the rail
with water. The storm lasted lor several days.
The W. B. Flint, whose court* **ow«< ttiat
she was cf.!y a few miles away, did not feel
the sale at all.
The bark* W. B. Flint end Olympic arrived
yesterday from th« Hawaiian Islands after
voy&ffs of nearly equal duration. The W. B.
Flint was £*> days oiminj? from Makawel! and
the Olympic 25 days from Honolulu.
*upar Packets Arrive.
EAST AT LOW, RATE.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster, Temporarily in Charge
Cloudy or foggy wea'.'ier prevails along the
coast from Point Reyes northward and fair
weather over th? remaining portion of the Pa
cific Slope. Thunderstorms have occurred In
Arizona and New Mexico.
The temperature hap risen over California
except along the Immediate coaft.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
houre, ending midnight. Auk. 7:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday,
whh fog In the mornir*: fresh west wind*.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Monday,
with fog In the morning: light west winds.
Sacramento Valley — Fair Monday: light
north winds.
San Joaquln Vallfy— Fair Monday; light
north windo.
Coast— Fair, except focgy in the morning:
fresh west winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The British trarr.r> fteair.er Baroda arrtved
yesterday. 34 days from Junln. hy way of
Port Lr* Angelee. She was 43 hours com
ir.g from the latter rsac«. After a detention
In quar&ntinp of several hours th<» Baroda was
rfleased ar.d proceeded to Oakland long wharf,
where ohe will discharge her cargo cf nitrate.
Baroda Reaches Port.
Active control of the yellow fever situ
ation in New Orleans by the United
States public health and marine hospital
service will begin immediately. Orders
to that effect were wired to-night to Sur
geon J. H. White, the marine hospital
officer now on duty in that city. These
orders followed the receipt from Dr.
White during the day of several tele
grams, which showed that the citizens
of New Orleans had promised thef?
hearty and unrestricted co-operation in
the work to be undertaken by the Fed
eral Government, and, would meet certain
financial requirements imposed by the
marine hospital service as a preliminary
to assuming the respons.->llity. Antici
pating this outcome of the situation, Dr.
White already had determined upon ten
tative plans for the work in hand. The
city will be divided Into wards and each
ward will be placed in . charge of a. re
sponsible and experienced surgeon of the
marine : hospital service, who will have
absolute control of the locality. Already
Surgeon General Wyman has given direc
tions to a number of Marine Hospital
surgeons to proceed to New Orleans for
assignment to work under Dr. White.
These are all officers who have had ex
perience dealing with yellow fever epi
demics. ' .- • •; .
SHAW GIVES APPROVAL.
Secretary Shaw's reply to-day was as
follows:
I think you are^ proceeding: properly not
withstanding conflicting reports. Promptly ad
vise the name, general description of master
Of every private vessel placed at your dis
posal. .-We will then give authority which will
doubtless protect. There may be some ques
tion about your authority to arrest vessels
and to take them to Ship Island, but there can
be no doubt of- your authority to prevent both
vessel? and persons leaving the Infected dis
trict. I have directed Captain Ross to proceed
to New Orleans and exercise general super
vision over his branch of the service.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— Secretary
Shaw to-day telegraphed Captain E. C.
Chayter of the revenue cutter Winona
sustaining the latter's action in the en
forcement of the yellow fever quarantine
between Mississippi and Louisiana and
giving some general instructions. The
dispatch is in reply to one from Captain
Chayter saying the friction between the
two States has become serious and ask
ing for an official dennition of the reve
nue cutter's authority.
Surgeon White returned to-day from
Gulfport and Ocean Springs, where he
had gone tb arrange for the improving of
the camp at Fontainebleau, on the Louis
ville and Nashville road, and stated that
he would probably not establish any
camp on the Mississippi coast in view of
the attitude of the people of Ocean
Springs and Governor Vardaman's ex
pressed determination to abide by their
wishes. The camps at Slidell and Wicken
will be enlarged to accommodate such
travelers as would have gone over to a
camp on the Mississippi coast.
OYSTER BAY, N. V., Aug. 6.— For his
prompt . action in extending Government
aid to the citizens of New Orleans and of
the State of Louisiana in lighting the
epidemic of yellow fever President Roose
velt to-day received the' thanks of the
citizens' committee in the form of the
following telegram:
NEW ORLEANS, rf^a.. August 6.— The Pres
ident, Oyster Bay. L. L: We heartily thank
you for your prompt and generous action,
\u25a0which, although expected, was nevertheUss
gratlfyln?. We pledge ourselves to do our
share -and have wired Surgeon General Wy
man that we would secure and furnish all the
funds the service -required.
President Roosevelt and Surgeon
General Wyman have been wired by
the citizens' committee of New Orleans
that all the funds that the service may
require oiitside of its own stated ex
penditures will be supplied by the peo
ple of the city. This action was taken
at noon at a special meeting of the
finance committee held in the St.
Charles Hotel.
to exLarge camps.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 6. — Fever re
port up to 6 p. m.:
New cascn, 2S. Tofnl cases to date,
533. Deaths, 8. Total death* to date,
105. .Yen Muk-foci, 2. Total sub-foul
to date, U3.
The fever report to-day is a great
improvement over those during the
middle of the week and the fact that
there were only two new sub-foci, one
uptown,, anfi one downtown, is a source
of special encouragement. An effort is
being made to determine the number of
cases of fever N under treatment and, al
lowing ten days, which is a liberal
estimate for a patient to either recover
or die. it is figured out that there arc
now 233 cases under treatment. The
Marine Hospital Service has not yet> as
sumed control of the local situation,
but it is expected to do so to-morrow.
The conditions- precedent to their_as
sumption, however, that the citizens of
New Orleans pledge themselves to put
up $2.10,000, to defray the cost of labor
and material, has been met and Sur
geon White is in momentary expecta
tion of receiving the formalorder from
Surgeon General Wyman to take
charge.
People of Afflicted Section
Thank the President for
Bis Prompt Action in Ex
tending Government Aid
Baker 29.08 04 CO SE Clear .00
Carson 2*.».S>> 114 f4 N\V Clear .00
Eureka 30.08 «2 58 N Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.60 102 «2 NYV Clear .00
P. E. Farallon.29.9G :><J M N\V Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29. &S." 2 >£ ."2 S\V Clear .02
Independence 5S
Lob Anyeles. .2J>.6« Srt «50 W Clear .00
Mt Tama!pals.2O.y7 M PT \u25a0 NW Clear .00
North Head.. 30. 14 <i> H8 N'W Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29.68 110 S2 NW Pt.Cldy.Oi>
Point Reyes.. 20. J>2 58 52 N Foggy .00
Pocatello 30.02 'M 54 NW Clear .00
Portland 30. 0* ss <?2 NW Clear .00
Red BluS 2n.54 l f >4 <V> N Clear .00
Ro*eburg 2^.98 00 54 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..2».54 Pti TA N near .00
SaJt Lake 30. <» flo .. NW Clear .00
San Francisco.23.n4 <",«; hi W Clear .00
8. L. Obispo. .2O.!K> £0 52 SE Clear .«k>
San Diego 29. fS OS 62 NW Clear .<*>
Seattle SO.nfi M 56 NW Clear .O<>
Spokane 29.95 !»«? 5« NW Clear .00
Tatooeh 30.14 C 2 50 SW Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca .2!>.!>4 fIS 58 E Clear .00
Yuma 2».T0 IOS 78 SW Clear .00
CITY WILL PROVIDE
XECESSAKY FUNDS
HAVANA. Aug. 6.-Jose Miguel Gomez.
Governor ;of Santa Clara province, and,
Liberal candidate for the Presidency of
Cuba, has given out an interview full oC
defiance to the Palma Government. With
reference to the Vueltas case and the
Cuban Government's assumption of the
right to inspect municipalities, without
reference to the provincial authorities.
Governor Gomez says: \u25a0
I will not allow any oner excepting th« pro
vincial authorities to Inspect the municipalities
of thia province. . Should a municipality bo grov.
erned by Moderates I would refuse to consent
to this procedure just the same and would de
liver Ju?tlc* to Uiern. If permitted.
If th* Supreme Court decided against th*
contention w« are now maintaining we would
not obey its mandates, because of It 3 partiality
In favor of the executive antnorlty. The court
would b»s certain ti> be against us. In order t»
Increase Its favor with the Government.
He said that of the force of 3000 rural
guards half were Inwardly in his favor.
Military officers absolutely deny thia
statement and say that the only company
of rural guards in which disaffection was
shown was that of Santa Clara province,
now removed, to Havana, the captain of
which resigned to avoid being disgraced.
The Moderates profess satisfaction at
Gomez's statement, which they term s«d
sational and reckless, and which, they as
sert, will certainly defeat him. as the
Cubans will never elect a President who
has defied the court 3 or sought to incul
cate in the soldiers a rebellious spirit.
She was picked up unconscious and
taken to the Park Emergency Hospital.
There she soon revived, but her power
of memory was gone. She knew nothing
of the accident and she could not under
stand why she was there.
Miss Sherman asserts that sfie heard
no bell from the oncoming car. She says 1
that it -was coming very fast. Both
women got off on the wrong side. Dr.
Stevens, who attended the woman, pro
nounces her condition serious.
Strange to relate, the blow from the
speeding car has produced a concussion
of the brain that has destroyed her pow
er' of memory, and she. lies there on the
iron cot reasking questions that have
been answered her many times over. ".
"Why am I here?" she demands -of the
nurse in attendance or of her friend. Miss
Anna Sherman, who sits faithfully by
her side. Patiently they tell her, and at
that she is satisfied for t.»e time being.
Then a moment later she flashes out the
question, "Why am I here This is not
my home. Take me there."
\u25a0 With loving tenderness the nurse or
Miss Sherman assures her that she is in
good hands and relates the story of the
accident to her. The same satisfied look
comes for a moment, then again the
question. Thus far into the night Mrs.
Snyder. sought to fix the one idea perma
nently, in her troubled brain, but to no
avail..! She had. lost her power of mem
ory as completely as if every event had
been blotted out of her life, and at last
she fell asleep from sheer exhaustion.
The concussion has probably left a
blood clot on the brain, which must be
removed before Mrs. 1 Snyder will regain
the full use of her mind. The operation
has been often accomplished, but it is a
dangerous one.
The accident happened on the car line
just below the Cliff House. Mrs. Snyder,
a young woman who has been employed
with the Goldberg-Bowen .Company, was
riding out to the beach to enjoy the holi
day, as was her .wont" on Sunday after
noons. With her was Miss Sherman, a
friend who lives in the same apartments
at; 110 Hyde street. Miss Sherman got off
the car first, crossing the adjoining track.
Mrs. Snyder was just behind her, but as
she stepped on the. track a car headed
downtown crashed into her, throwing her
to one side.
Mrs. Bertha Snyder lies bruised and
torn in the white ward of the Park
Emergency Hospital, her head arid arms
swathed in soothing liniments and
bandages, the : result of stepping from
one car directly in the path of another
moving: rapidly in -the opposite direc
tion at the Cliff House yesterday after
noon.
I it A%i d s
I 23 52 as 8" s
STATIONS. J^£^£^§ 52. =
•cc : : %
:•2 : : :
After restoration of. his faculties Carlos
gave a clear account of himself, to the
effect that-, he left England two years
ago' to seek: work in California, as* there
was, at that time 5000 idle men at his
home in Bradford. Yorkshire. He worked
in restaurants along the water front
until he became -ill, some two months
ago. and was sent to the City and Coun
ty Hospital. ;. ; . ;- ' \u25a0 .
Application will. be made to the British
Consul in his behalf : by the city authori
ties. '• - -.: \u25a0 '\u25a0: •.-:.:.
There is food for the romancist as well
as for-, the psychologist in the strange
case of William Carlos, an Englishman,
whose memory suddenly became a blank
as he was on his way from the City ana
County Hospital; to his home on Thurs
day. - -• : -. . •. ... •-'_•.
Carlos had been" a : patient at the hos
pital, but had been- discharged and was
walking -to his home,- 368 Sanchez street.
He suddenly became, dizzy and fell. When
picked up by a policeman he could give
no account of himself, his entire past be
coming a blank. He was sent to the'de
tention hospital, where he lay quiet and
memoryless . until yesterday, when his
memory, picture of the world was sud
denly restored' and he wondered where
he was. • ' .*'. • ' "...
"As you know, up to this time arid for
several days yet. you will hear only the
worst ' that can be said .of a. . woman," the
most unfortunate woman l In .' the world.
When my side- is , heard,, opinion will
change, and I will i be ; I. came
here with my boys for thfe Sole purpose
and for. the -sake of 'clearing 'from ,rriy
boys the stigma* ihcldent to the divorce
proceedings.' All this I ; will accomplish
by the help, of God." . . ;'-,".
Mrs. TaKgart at the same time made a
strong defense of the wives of -"officers of
the United States army, rdeclarinsr that
these women were grossly maligned, and
that their lives, as a rme. were, as ,-jd
right as those of women in all 'walks of
life. . -: -. .s> ,--'-: \u25a0\u25a0? - '.- -"?.
Major Taggart- spent the; day in Orr
ville with his parents. ' ( On 'goings thfcrfc
last night he asked permission to -.take
his .two boys with- him, but was refused
by Mrs. Tasrgart.She finally relented and
allowed him to take their, six-y*iLri6ld
son, stipulating, however, that the;young
ster must be back by t noon Sunday. Tag
gare, promised and the * little 'chapcime
back on time. , "t" t ; . '.':\u25a0-\u25a0;. •l',,V'
..That monejrhas been spent in, hiring'de
tectives and is. still being palfl' but wai
demonstrated here this: mofnliig. On the
train which reached' the city *eafly.yes
terday evehing, came v an .officer ;', of y the
United. States army and his^wife to>ifeit
a relative, John H.'Mowery, . v The offle'er
had .barely started, fo'r,thei Mowery home'
ere one of the sleuths, was , oh his trail
and"- f ollawed - the captain aha f his ' wife
to their destination and* shadowed V ihe
house for a. number of 'hours.' '.The de
tective was noticed and was told^hat the
man, although ;an officer in : the', axmy,
knew nothing. of the caHe. : It was further
explained to him' that Mowery had never
seen Captain or Mrs: Taggart:i
But few \ more than 'half ;of;; of; the wit
nesses called by Captain Taggart r have
as yet been. on. the witness stand; and it
is believed that it will take, at least. three
days, longer, to .hear the evidence -he has
to offer to prove the charges against Mrs.
Taggart's honor. A, sharp ltgai .tilt, is
expected on Monday in the Mayor's
Court, " where the trial of Perry; Rope,
charged with - perjury byj Mrs. Taggart.
in to fake- place. Mrs. , Taggart this
evening gave out an interview, -in .which
she said: ' « <~ *
"VVOOBTBR, Ohio. Alilr. .«. — A number of
6ut"-*f-town persons who are ito give tes
timonyf In thfe Tagi;art^diy;orc6^ sult/ar
riveii hct-6 'to-day aiid'ar^/expicU^i'to^be
called to the stand tomorrow:.*-' Attorney
Wertz V announced j tO'flay .r. r thit - - several
army.i officers will po|jtlveiy -conie*h^r6
and testify in ; TfiggartVberialf. ! Onft£of
the^e^ officers, \Vert2' sald,;!s from; J*ltis
burff.' -\ '\u25a0 : ' " ->:; \u25a0\u25a0,>/.. -\u25a0 i\l -'!\u25a0.\u25a0 ' ,*\u25a0\u25a0>; 'i
Spfrclil Dlsf>4tch 'to The -dill.
Woman Declaies That When
Her ' Side Is Hearil Her
?sanie Will "; : B6 Cleared
Claims the Supreme Tri
bnnal of the Island Ee
public Is Euled by Palma
Falls in a Faint
and His Mind is
Darkened.
3[arine Hospital Service Has
Not Yet Taken Charge of
the Fight Against Yellow
Fever in New Orleans
Sudden Blowßobs
Mrs. Snyder of
Faculties, i.
dinth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN' FRANCISCO. Aug. «— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day ironi stations In California:
Eureka U2 Los Anseles So
Sail Francisco 09 Sacramento UJ
Red Bluff 104 san I-uls Oblspo.. SO
FYf tno li)^ San Diego 6S
Weather Report.
At Papeete the traveler sees the South
Sea iylanoer hi his most romantic con
dition, and the climate of Tahiti Is said
to have no equal. Three weeks of the
round trip the traveler Is on board ship,
and few yachts are more comfortable or
better equipped than the Marlposa. With
each successive trip the popularity of the
vacation voyage to Tahiti grows and the
Marlposa never leaves port now without
a goodly crowd of passengers.
Among those who sailed yesterday
were Mrs. M. c. Ambrose, L. Armer.
Mrs. Armer. child and nurse: Ceptain B.
F. Chapman. Mrs. Thomas Crellin. Miss
Jar.c Crellin. L. Crellin. Miss D. 11.
Downs. R. M. Fitzgrerald. M..Pia Gaston,
G. G. Hadley. Mrs. Hadley. J. W. Henry.
Mrs. Kenry. J. J. McCallum, Mrs. Me-
Callum. V. Marsot. J. J. OConnell. Mrs.
9'Connell. Miss L. O'Connell. Miss Ida
5^ Paston. Mrs. H. A. Shannon. Miss L.
Stevens. J. Tunstead, Mrs. Tunstead. D.
Atwater. Mrs. D. Atwater. Mrs. C. A-
Booth and Miss A. Booth.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
3lcr'posa. Captain R. T. Lawless, sailed
*it il o'clock a. m. yesterday for Tahiti.
She carried a large number of passen
ger?, most of them tourists In search of
resi and change In the South Seas. This
trip of ihe Mar!po?:i is unlike any other
In the worid. Th* liner's destination is
I'apeete. and along the ocean road be
twees here and there it is always sum
mer.
SCOFFS AT THE LAW
S UEE | OF VINDICATION
BARK OLYMPIC IN NORTHEASTER
Candidate for President in
Interview Declares Him
self in Open Rebellion
SlioiiMfcSti^eci \ Friends
of . Major ' ; Taggdrt to
Take tlie Withefe Stand
Oceanic Steamship Company's Liner Has
"Many on Board for Tahiti.
MARIPOSA GETS AWAY
FOR SOUTH SEAS.
SITUATION
SHOWS SOME
IMPROVEMENT
ARMY OFFICERS
WILL TESTIFY
GOMEZ DEFIES
CUBAN COURTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO; GALL, OMONDXy- \u25a0vAUGUST v 7, 1905.
MAN AND WOMAN LOSE
ALL MEMORY OF LIVES
\';[ Two cases of the obliteration of memory are. puzzling city
physicians. Mrs. Bertha Snyaer was struck by a car and
her mind became darkened. Win mm Carlos tell dizzy and
lost his mental faculties tor two days.
THE COAST HKCORD
5
Skin Diseases
are cured by
\u25a0
Glycozbne
Endorsed by tht Medical Profusion.
By destroying gerroSj they as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex-
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
- . Said by Leading Druggists.
Hot genuine nslcsn label bears my signature :
61^0 Ptlnc« Stxoet. N. Y.
Write far frro laformntlon nhont
nynmnioxK «\u25a0< «i.rfoxo«K.
. \u25a0'. ..THE....
Los Angeles Times
Saa Fran«lseo Office
.la located In * .
ROOM ; 10, .CHRO.ViqLE BUILDIXO
ARTH UR L. FISH, Representative.
If you .would, (} 6 effective advertising
in. the Southwest,. drop a line to the
above address -pr telephone Slain 1472
and our "representative will be pleased
to;caHon:you-with full information a»
to rates, etc. ."' v '
THE SUNDAY TIMES, with 3 5- page
magazine, $2.50 a year by mall. \u25a0\u25a0 •
«| '^SK^^SW^sV'^^^^BßV^^BsV^^^^fcV^^^'^SjV^ißV^lsV^
4 visit; DR. JORDAN'S qrcatJ
iHUSEUM OF ANATOMYI
\ MT * Th«t*.-ffi« A««temleal Hosrara hi tb« T
A t"!T Wnrld. T*ska«ne» tr hi oomtrwtM A
X InellW &i'»— >waUl*«l7 emnd hr Un tidMt ¥
• fsSl Sp«Ullit »v tie Cow. Eit. Wjrara.
i Afttfi 03. JORDAH-DISEASE3 0? MEM J
\ f W9B^» Coßtsltatlsn fr«« sad strictly pri»at» T
M I TjVfl Tr*a;m*ni p^rtanOj *r by l«uc. A A
T \u25a0 I y.''f| w totitn* r%rt la aTer; ca*t madnrakra. ¥
ipf Q# vrtn «>r Book, ram.os>«ir«VstrJ
r!| \u25a0',- 1] \u25a0ABBItCE, U\UM> WHO. (if
Ai & - 'Jr »»t*»M» b«ok te a«a.) . \u25a0«> >. ,„. „ „ . .. \
f DBUJTOBDAH AfO-ItßlMarkM St-.S.P. f
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEABST ST.Katablbked
In 1834 for th* treatment of l-rlv»n»
Dlwase*. Irf>»t Manhood. D^bllltror
dl^aai! wearing »n body»nil mlml ami
Skin Diseases. The Doctormrrswlien
others . fall. him. tiiMrp** low.
(nrri r;namn tred. . Chl I or wrl c
Or. J. r- (BIBBON, tsau FraroUco. CaL
ji'l^v F^nd Novelty
WmMm CARDS
BMptSWWpBL enormouJ
M^^^^^^i 2V dozen
purses. Nice
>"^ all -leather
purses and wallets from.2J»c np
Conklln's Self-Fllllnff Foun-
tain Pens .<;:.." o to jjs.-i.oo •
Out of town orders promptly
filled.
IHAT MAM PITTS
F. W, PITTS, The Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST.. Opp. Fifth,
\u25ba • SAX FRANCISCO.
RUPTURE CURED
We cure it. and Its STATS cured. Call and
get names and addresses of hundreds we have,
cured. Go and see them. Or. b«tter still, -w»
will. CURE YOU. and you reed not pay a c«nt
till you are cured. Consultation and exami-
nation la free.
COME AND SEE VS.
FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE
1344 Market St~ S. K.
OCKAX TRAVEL
Steamers leave Piers 9 and
/£\V^-530\ H.San Francisco:
/4&_' >Ji^ For Ketchikan. Wrangrel.
/ittTWy^a v*\ Juneau - Treadwell. Halnes.
I ( VC»*i^l I I Skagway. etc., Alaska— ll a,
\g»\ \\ " VCt; S*V*~ 2. Change to this com-
\u25a0VS^<l_-^i»*y .pany's steamers at Seattle.
s" or Victoria, Vancouver.
•xa«»s^ Port'Townsend. SeatUe. Ta-
coma. Everett. Anacortes. South Bellinshani.
Bellingham — 11 a. m.. Aus. 3. 9, 13. IS. 23. 28.
Stpt. 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
. steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
\u25a0pr Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C
Y. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomonm, 1:30
p. m.. Aug. 3. 0. 15. 21. 27. Sept. 2. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Aug. 6. 12. 19 24. 30. Sept. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—.
Santa R#sa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9a. in. i— i
For Los Angeles (via San- Pedro and East
San* Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayncos. Port .Hartord (Saa
Lulj Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme —
Coos Bay 0 a. m.. Aug. 2. 10. 13. 28. Sept. 3.
Bonlta. » a. m.. Aug. 6. 14. 22. 30. Sept. T.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. j>an Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Roaa-
lla. Guaymaa tMex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
m ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1905— Th«
palatial . excursion steamship SPOKANE will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria June 22.
July 6. 20. August 3. 17.
For further information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamer* or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES^ — 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broadway
' wharves. Freight Office. 10 Market st.
V; CD. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
, . •10 Market st.. San Francisco.
9ccaßics.sx«.i^3s
S S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auckland.
. and Sydney. Thursday. Angust 10. 2P. M.
S. S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. 19.11 A.M.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 11. 11 A.M.
LBLSFKECKELS 4 BEDS. CO.,AztS.,TiC&t 03(2513 K2T-
bt Fißlzlt OSes 327 Harm sl, Pisr 7, PaciSs St.
Cbmpasnle Generate Trannatlantlqne.
DIRECT . LINE . TO ' HAVRE— ParU.
every Thursday instead or^JUiiaSi
Saturday. -10 a.'m,. trom Pier 42.
. North RlTer. foot of Morton st.
First cUsa to Hawt. JTO and upward. S-»e-
ond class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Tork* J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francises
Tickets* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AWP IXTKRCTtBAX ROPTE3.
NAEA VALLEY RODTE.
MONTICELLO STEAMSHIP COMPANT—
VALLEJO AND NAPA VALLEY IXTER-
ttrbaN ELECTRIC R. K. CO. Clos* connec-
tions at Vallejo with 9 round trips dally for
Vallejo. Mar* liland Navy Yard. Napa. Nap*
Asylum.' and *" '"»* Points. Boats tear* San
FrlncSco 7:COa. m.. •»:«.. nr. 12:30 noon.
3 15 p. m.. «:0O p. m.. S^O p. m.
Ca« l^av, N.pa «:13 «• m.. e:M-«. m. loatf.
S-3O a m.. H:3o a. m.. 2:30 p. m.. 4:30 p. m..
? : 3O dm. 9:30 p. m. local. San Francisco
U^dlrfi mi office. Pier 2. foot «f Mission sC
Meal°* la carte. Phone Main 15CS. HATCH
BROS.. Genera! Agents.'
'Lands Navy Yard direct.
For Vallejo and Mare Island N«rry Tard.
Steamer H J. CORCORAN ' leaves whart
north end of Ferry Building, week days (except
Sa-urday). 11 a. m.. »:13 p. m. Saturdays. 11
a m Sundays. 9:30 a. m., S:l3 p. m.' Leaves
VaUejo. week days (except Saturdays). 7:43 a.
m. 3:30 p.. m. Saturdays. 7:30 a. m,. 8 p. m.
Sundays. 5:.*!0 p. m. Meals a la carte. Phon*
641. BARNESON-HIBBERD CO.. auaa<srv
45ti" itcntMomttr str«»*HER PA WAS A BAD MAN.
GeraldinerrThc man I marry must
be brave, and handsome."
Gerald— He can't very well be both.
* Gerald I ne-^-Why riot?, -
Gerald— lf he is brave he will fa c«
your father, and after ;that . Inter
view. 'his good looks will be gone.
CAV Sfc .; FOR THtANKSC } -". '.'
.• Dusty— Vfe nought . ter.be thankful
fer good health. :;,. vvl'-ri; ,-v :
.; Ruggtes~t guess dats right, -.rw,
* i Dusty,— Yep. -\'l ;'\u25a0 saw .in; ; de -. paper
where a feller had ter take 'de: water
cure. — •• ----- - - -...:--VT--v \u25a0
Bystander (to pointer who has
fallen from his scaffold, upsetting
his paint)— Rather a bad fall, eh?
Painter— Yes, but I .came down
with flying colors.
THUS.
When Wizard Burbank has evolved from his experimentation in agri
culture a cobless corn and a seedless watermelon, he might turn his'atten
tion to an odorless onion.— San Antonio Express.
John D. Rockefeller says: "Every oiw is striving to get ahead." WeH,
he "Ought to know. He's right up in front where he can see. — Chicago
Record-Herald.
Senator Deprw says he is going to Europe to take a course of mud
baths. In the light of recent developments in New York that appears to
be entirely unnecessary. — Dallas News.
Republican Governor Hoch of Kansas nominates Democratic Governor
Folk of Missouri for President, which is more than the Governpr of North
Carolina ever did for the Governor of South Carolina.— Boston Globe.
If Minister Wu did really set up this Chinese boycott against the
United States after the years of unflagging "appreciation that we accorded
his jokes, it is the basest case of ingratitude on tecord.— Washington Times.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
THIS IS WHERE YOO WLL FOSET YOUR TROUBLE } FOR THE NONCE
A DIFFERENCE.
Smith— My :- wife » wanted - an > auto
mobile, but I compromised matters.-
Jones--How7 : "
. Smith— By buying her .an auto
mobile-coat. .
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and. public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau f Allen's), "*) Call
\u25a0fornia street. Telephone Main 1012. •
IT is the unusual that attracts atten
tion. It Is the unusual on the stage.
It is the unusual In the masazina.
It is the unusual in the newspaper. It
13 tho unusual in business life.
A successful public speaker has a
reason for every move he makes whiro
addressing an audience.
Soon after John H. Patterson, presi
dent of the National Cash ResfcJter
Company, returned to Dayton after a
trip around the world he addressed his
employes on the subject of promotions.
It was soon after lunch and.som« of
those present appeared to lose interest
iv hia talk.
Mr. Patterson asked for a glass of
water. It was brought and placed ou a
table in front of him. He did not drink
it, but continued to talk. He as^tn
turned and asked for some water. SAn
] attendant brought a pitcher of water
and placed it on the table. Mr. Patter
son continued to talk on promotions.
i As he made a telling point h« pushed
acrainst the table and down went
pitcher, glass and all. The. crash
startled every one in the room, many
jumping up out of their seats, thinking
that Mr. Patterson had met with an
accident. He had the attention of
every one in the room. With a smile ,
he resumed:
"1 wanted to do something unusual.
You will remember that breaking the
pitcher of all th* things I did to-day.
You would huvc forgotten all about our
having a meetinsr to-day, and of our
talk on promotions, and therefore you
would not have got any good oul
of it. I want you to tell, your wifa ~>
this: 'Why. what do you think Mr.
Patterson did at our meeting: to-day 7*
you wilt say at home this evenin?.
'Why. lie stood un. there and Just
knocked over a table with a pitcher of
water and a glass on It. I saw him.
and was going to warn him. but I tva3
too late. The water was all over the
table and all over the floor. . I saw it
going over, but did not yell because it
was all done so quickly.' 'What was he
talking about?' 'Re was telling. us how
we could win promotion, how wo could
all make more money. Some of us were
a little bit sleepy after "c hearty din
ner and he wanted to wake us up and
make us remember the part about pro
motions. He said that th« pitcher, cost
only 75 cents, and the reason he broke
it was to do toma of the men' 175
•worth of good. He said that If a man
wanted to succeed financially, morally,
physically, mentally and socially he
could do so by resisting temptations of
all kinds. lie said more young men
are being held back . to-day by thatr
inability to resist- temptation than tar
anything else. . He left this thought
with them .because they could,- not
realize .Us full meaning In a minute,
and that la why the pitcher was pur
posely broken."*
- — : — — ;. \u25a0'\u25a0 :ij
.Vo duty li more prnwlag than tbe
doty of voting; for an honest city gov
ernment. \u25a0 • - . -
There is a new nationality in the serv
ant supply. Poles have recently conic In
demand, and one of the national benevo
lent societies has opened an office at
which th&y are to be hired.- Unfortunate
ly so few of them, speak. English -that
they are usually hired out in^roup? that
are supplied with at least one interpreter.
' Townsend's California Glace. Fruits, in
artistic flre-etchcd boxes. New store now
open, 767 Market street. ?
POLBH SEKYANr GIRLS.
and while, studying, over the blot the
whole situation suddenly .cleared Itself
— and the idea resulted in a big legal
triumph. Since then he has always had
Infinite faith? in blots.
WHY HE BROKE THE PITCHER.
THE MOON-K. A. P.. Burnt Ranch.
Cal. The moon always presents the same
facfc to us, as is evident from the per
manency of the various markings on its
surface. This circumstance proves that
with respect to the earth she revolves on
an axis, . and the time of rotation is
exactly eaual to the time of revolution
around the earth, via.. 27.82166 days. The
moon'» axis is not perpendicular to the
plane of Her orbit, but deviates therefrom
by an anclo of about 6 degrees 41
minutes. In consequence of this fact.
and cf the inclination of tha lunar .orbit
to that of the ecliptic, the poles of the
moon Uan alternately to and from the,
earth. When the north pole leans to
ward the earth we see sontewhat more
of the • region surrounding It. and some
what l«s when it leans the contrary
way. This displacement i» known by the
name of libration in latitude.
Ths mdon's motion on her axis Is uni
form, but ber angular velocity in h*r orbit
is subject to slight variations by reason
of the form of her orbit; hence It hap
pens that we sometimes see a little more
of the eastern or western edge at one
time than at another. This phenomenon
is known as libration In longitude.
/ -:• •:\u25a0 .
MR. TIMOTHY SPELLACY, a fine man is he, is chairman of
the State Democratic Committee, and works at it some. He
is also an optimist, and works at it a good deal. He is out
with a plan for uniting the party. Any one will admit that to be
a long-felt want. The two wings have not flopped together for so
long that they have learned to fly separately and have lost the fac
ulty of co-ordination. There is a classic fable that man and woman
were once united in the same person.
The gods were mad at something this joint person did. and
clove them all in twain, since wtaicn the two halves have been madly
rushing around to find each other. In this the two halves of the
Democracy have no resemblance to this cloven man. Instead of
rushing into each other's arms, they race the other way. Mr. Spel
lacy wants to bring them together, and thinks it can be done. For
this purpose he proposes that they unite on a platform of Federal
ownership of railroads, telegraphs and telephones, and State and
municipal ownership of a large number of other thing?. He is well
assured that the Jefferson Democracy can find felicity in its own
arms upon a platform like that.
We are not the physician in the case, but as an admiring
friend we beg to assure Mr. Spellacy that it will not work. Thomas
Jefferson himself would hire a team to carry him far from a party
like that. His distinguishing characteristic was that he wanted the
activities of government restricted rather than extended. Indeed,
he said that the polity of the Indian tribes was a good model for
that of governments for white man. He believed in every man do
ing what he pleased, and a good deal of it, so -long as he did not
interfere with another man who was doing .the same thing.
t-ii-f-If he did interfere it was the business of the Government to
stop him, and not take his job loff his hands. Mr. Spellacy /wants
the Government to quit governing and go into trade. Some one
should introduce him to the principles "of -Jefferson. If the next
campaign is made upon the platform he wants, there will be 4
bigger bolt from the party than ever.
We have no desire to throw cold water on the platform of this
genial gentleman, but merely to speak of it as a friend of consis
tency. . • . . ' V -\u25a0\u25a0
One of Nantucket'a summer visitors
strolled into the little shop kept by an
old man. a native of the place.
In looking about she found a kind of
linen cloth which she bought for fancy
work. Some friends who saw and liked
it went to the shop and purchased all
that remained.
In a few days the proprietor went, to
the "mainland" to replenish his stock
and bought more of the samo goods,
which, also, were soon sold.
"Well!" exclaimed Uncle Hi as the last
yard went, "if any more of you. folks
Want that stuff you can go up ter the
mainland an 'git it... I can't keep nothing
in this here &hop!"-France» B. Phlpps<.
In August LipplncOtt's.
UNITING THE DEMOCRACY.
bOLD OUT.
CRiouAGE — C. P.. City. Your ques
tion In crlbbage relative to two pairs
in a play of T, jack, 6, 3, 2, 1. 2 has
been submitted to several crib players
and nil agree thr.t the last player could
not claim a pair.
MANILA-DEATH VAL.,1,.- R. F. M..
City. The mean temperature of Ma
nila Is S7; that of Death Valley. In Cali
fornia, is 10:1 in July. The highest
record for that month Is 115.4 and the
lowest 56.8.
DEWEY— P. R.. City. The salary of
Admiral Dewey of the United States* navy
Is $13,000 a year and $150 a month allow
ance.
Lloyd -Osbourne, kinsman and collabo
rator of Robert Louis &tevenson and sole
author of \u25a0 those delightful tales of the
road and tho car, "The Motormaniacs,"
called on the cashier of a leading maga
zine the other day. He had written this
cashier several times for a check due
him and had written in vain- -
"I am sorry," explained the cashier,
"but Colone 1 . So-onfl-So. wh-» always
signs our checks, is conttned at home
with the gout."
"But. my dear man." expostulated the
author-collector, "does he sign them with
his feet?"
THREEFOLD -ORD—L. J. W..-.Per
kins. Cal. "A Threefold Cord" is a re
ltylous. novel that, was published by the
American Tract Society.
IHS COLOKEL'S "CHiCKI.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
IT Is better to tie trie one who's "done"
Than the chap behind the doing;
Better the victim of fraud, my son.
Than the one who a jail 13 wooing;
Better be still to honestly wed.
Though it prove that your brain be
mellow;
Better to go to your lonely bed
And sleep with a decent fellow.
It Is better to be the under Cog
Than a shameless cur above It;
Eetter to slip a frequent cos
Than to win by your fraud and love U:
Better to win no hand at all
Than "I am a thief to bellow.
For it's mightily good at night 10 recall
That you sleep with a decent, fellow.
LIFE'S a teeter; we're the kid
Who bestrides it as It goes.
First we're up the clouds amid.
Then we're down where— -goodnes3
knows.
Now we're high, and now we're low.
*Tls a queer, uncertain game;
Cheer to-day, to-morrow, woe—
Life's* a teeter. Just the same.
Lire.
A LITTLE bit of shine.
And a little bit of rain;
A little bit of Joy. (
And a little bit of pain;
A little bit of earth.
And some little tears to patter—
And there's the little end
Of a very Httle matter.
(••HARMING DEVELOPMENT OF THE SHIRT WAIST SUIT.
THE ghlrt waist suit knows no wane of poularity. and charming conceits
in this eminently useful as well as styliso conceit appear almost daily.
That Illustrated offers some note of novelty, not only in the Mouse, but like
wise in the very clever arrangement of the Skirt panels. The material U
a crepe de chine, the one-scam kind, as the shopmen call it, the color white
and the embroideries done in shades of "old" blue. There 13 a shirring
over the shoulders both back and front, in the form of a shallow yoke, and
t,be fullness from this Is drawn down Snugly Into the embroidered blue
velvet belt. The skirt is shirred to match the waist, and- panel effects are in
troduced alternately high and low. shirred flounces making the extreme of
fullness around the foot. The petticoat or drop skirt has a shallow flounce
of princess haircloth applied to afford the required "flou" to the outer skirt.
*-> OME crabapples grew on a- crabapple
S tree—
<* \u25a0 Poor Willie r
Which, of course, was the placa whexa
crabapples should be —
Dear Willie!
For the ap'plea were sreea. and Wlllla
was, too,
So he ate and he-ate till he ate quit* a
few;
That the funeral was largely attended i 3
true—
Oh. Willie!
/ < \ \ / E may differ about some things,"
VV sald the Jap 3 "* 88 representative.
"And we probably will." re
marked the Russian representative.
"But, presumably, there will be other
things concerning which we can agree."
"Very- likely." r - ,-?"
"Then, first of all. let u» determine
what are the latter things."
"So they sat down and canvassed the sit-v
uation very thoroughly, and as the out
come of their deliberations they adopted
their first resolution of concord, as fol
io wz:
"Whereas. It Is pleasant, exhilarating
and advisable in these arbitration pro
1 ceedinjjs to be able to start from »otn<»
point of perfect amity and agreement;
therefore, be It
"Resolved. That when It comes to con
sideration of what shall be dona with
Korea and any old outlying parts of
China we. the representatives of the
great Japanese and Russian empires, ara
in full accord in holding that, whoever _
else may have a 'chip In' in the matter.
China and Korea should not be permitted
to say a dern word."
Then they proceeded to consideration of
the amount that Russia should pay for
her fun.
too. ' *•\u25a0' '•
One day -the longing for Chicago
seized Gustaf. He could not rest until
he should have seen l,ake Michißriut
again. He arranged for a short vaca
tion and packed his suit case in record
breaking time. He would not even tell
David that he was coming. Ho would
go home first. Then he would go down
to the theater and wait for David and
bring him back with him. His mother
would have a little supper for. the three
of them to celebrate his homecoming.
• As he rang the bell of th-3 little
house he was aglow with Joy. Ills
mother opened the door and after a
cry of surprise caught him in mn em
brace of happiness. Then from the par
! lor came David. "It only needed. you,"
j said Gufttaf. "to make my pleasure corn
i plete."
They talked long. of Gustaf's success,
of his experiences, of his impressions
of Cincinnati.
"Perhaps I can get you a Job down
there, David." said Gustaf,' "if you
would like to take it."
-Well." said David slowly. "I'm
I pretty well satisfied with Chicago.
I You see, I'm married."
I "Married!" cried Gustaf. "Atitf you
( never told me!"
j David looked somftwhat abashed.
i "Did you know it, mother?" Gustaf
asked.
i "Oh. yes." said hi." mother. "You see,
j David married me."
»-T"< HE friendship of Gustaf and David
I began when they wore both play
\u25a0*• ing in the samo orchestra at one
of the downtowu theaters. David was
a 6tranger in Chicago and eagerly
accepted the cordial invitation that
Gustaf extended to him to visit at his
home. Gustafs mother was n grdy
haircd woman, who warmly seconded
the liking of her . son for the young
man.
The two violinists became insepar
able companions. They practiced to
gether, while Gustafs mother accom
panied them on the little cottage
organ. They went out together. They
planned together and they dreamed to
gether.
One day an offer came to (Justaf to
joiu an orchestra in Cincinnati. The
salary was a tempting one. But he
hesitated to leav« home. L<ong and
earnestly he discussed the advantages
and disadvantages of the change with
David.
•What would you a«" vise me to do?"
he asked his friend.
"The salary is a good one," . said
David.
"But my mother cannot come with
me. She owns her house here unj she
could not leave it now."
"Could she not. sell the house?" in
quired Duvld.
"Perhaps.. But that will take time.
In the meantime she will bo here alona
and 1 will be in Cincinnati alone.
David, you will go to see her often
when 1 am away?"
Solemnly did David promise. Gustaf
went away with a lig-nter heart, hap
pier in th« knowledge that David
would do all he could to prevent his
mother from missing him tyo sorely.
His mother's letters, coining to him at
the regular weekly interval, reassured
him of any fears he might have for
her complete loneliness. The neigh
bors were woodw 'ood \u25a0to hex. David came to
see her occasionally, k man waa look
ing at the house and thought^ that he
might purchase it. in the summer. Gus
taf. thinking that his mother would
probably be with him next winter, was
glad, if only- David would b« there.
With Open Arhis."
WILLIE.
t -r tITH the approach of autumn comes a more pronounced nn-
W provemenf and expansion in trade, manifested in various
" V ways. First, crop prospects, cc^ton exceptcd, have de
cidedly improved during the past week or so, fears of rust damage
to the spring wheat having largely subsided, while the corn crop
bids fair to be a record-breaker. The weather over the major pan
of the cotton belt has been so unfavorable thus far that the yield will
fall much below that of last year, even with good conditions from
now on. Estimates now range in the vicinity of 9,000,000 bales as
this season's crop, against about 13,500,000 bales last year. But
last year's crop was extremely large.
These good corn and wheat prospects have removed the only
drawback to the outlook for the regular fall trade, and the benefi
cent effects are already visible in an improving demand for manu
factures and general merchandise. Fall business, especially in the
Western grain districts, is opening a week ahead of last year, with
a good buying demand everywhere. The manufacturers of the
East report* a steady increase in orders, while the usual midsummer
dullness, as already mentioned, is less pronounced than usual. Im
proved collections are reported as an effect of these bright condi
tions. /
The regular statistics affirm the general trade improvement.
The failures last week were 223, against 230 for the corresponding
week in 1904, while the railway earnings in July were 9.1 per cent
' larger than in July of that year. The bank clearings for July broke
all records for that month and made tlfeir usual brilliant exhibit last
week, only four out of the forty first cities on the list showing a
decrease as compared with 1904. Some of the gains were very
large, such as 51.6 per cent at New York, 95.5 at New Orleans, 39.7
at Omaha, 33.5' at Pittsburg, 41. 1 at Philadelphia, 19.5 at Chicago.
23.2 at San Francisco, 21.4 at Boston, 52.6 at Los Angeles, 48.5 at
Memphis, 82.7 at Tacoma, 75.8 at Seattle, 61.1 at Augusta, Ga., 54.2
at Galveston, and so on. The list might fre" more fully extended,
but the figures already given cover all sections of the country and
attest without exception the general prosperity of the nation. The
aggregate clearings themselves were large, being $2,520,000,000.
Supplementary to these figures is the excellent showing of the
great staples. The footwear factories are doiiig a large business,
and the demand for hides and leather is so vast and urgent that
quotations for the former are rising all over the world, while the
market is getting excited. Wool is in lively demand and very strong,
cotton shows marked buoyancy, with rising prices for future deliv
ery, and the dry goods market, following cotton and wool, is active
and in good condition. Provisions rule firm at the Western packing
centers, though the markets are not especially active. The only
unfavorable report comes from the bituminous coal districts, where
excessive competition is causing low quotations for the coal.
Money shows no change, unless, it be a weakening in interest
rates, caused by the oversupply of cash everywhere. Speculation
on the New York Stock Exchange is dull, as usual at this tinie of
the year, but the undertone of the market is firm and quotations
keep up to their high level, with not much fluctuation. There has
lately been an increasing demand for low-priced stocks.
On the Pacific Coast the conditions continue flattering. While the
grain and fruit crops are not turning out as heavy as expected several
months ago, the loss in quantity is more than offset by the high
prices being obtained by the farmers and* fruit-growers, so the net
result is favorable. The dried fruit market is advancing right along,
not even excepting prunes, which have gone up 100 per cent during
the past month, with confident expectations of still higher prices.
This important industry, so long at a low ebb, is now again on a
profitable basis. Wool, hops, hides, wheat, barley, oats, dairy prod
ucts, and, in fact, almost every product of the farm, are bringing
much more than the normal returns, and in consequence the farmer
is enjoying an extended period of exceptional prosperity.
There is no abatement in the demand for real estate, both city
and country, while building operations in San Francisco and the
other cities and towns of the coast are sjo "active that they are at
tracting widespread attention. In brief, no matter in what direc
tion we look, we sec a general trade and agricultural activity inspir
ing the whole community, with continued confidence in the future.
A BRIGHT AUTUMN OUTLOOK.
i C \ I ES," said the Mayor, spcakins in
V behalf of himself and his abla
1 chief adviser, "we have a right
to feel pretty well satisfied, I think. We
can congratulate ourselves that we hava
got about all there was fur us in this ad
ministration Job: ail there was In the de
partments. In contracts. In clubs formed
by our contributing henchmen— yes. we
have sot it all.'*
»Xo, you haven't." said the Spirit of
the People, whom the Mayor was ad
dressing, '-^w .»
"Then I must have overlooked my hand.
What haven't I got?"
"You haven't got what you deserve
not yet. but I entertain a prayerful trust
that you will."
"No, no!" cried the Mayor, with an ap
prehensive shudder: "anything but that:
I want to get everything there is In tho
joY except that— except that!"
As the Spirit of the People turned away
the Mayor was busily engaged in tryins
to resume his normal color.
"I had; to'como bacß and get my
ston*." he *aid.~ - .\u25a0•-\u25a0 '
"It's my luck stone, 1 ' liie. explained.
•'I have carried .it ever since, I was a
boy and It brings me luck- every time,
I have an ifn'por.tant deal .on to-d;iy und
I came a way .'and forgot St; Ifrtyins: it fn
the pocket of. another pair of trbusers."
'OXIA V-'fAT- STEXOrtRAPHKRS.^
Most of.,thßSv thing's, , when. I come
to traco .theni -back, I find are the re
sults of early experiences .in^business.
There is Jt.,blg k corporatioi) president
will. not have any stcnogrrapher in his
office who -is .not >f at. He.d9<;sn;t want
= plump ones, h<?; wants girls who would
make advertliwnjents fo,r. fat: producing
I medicines.. ; niatter howpld, qrugly,
1 or incompetent-a, stenographer nia.y-.be,
if she is_£a.t~ she can. gei.. it—job there,
and It-is. all the result of.th.« fact that
a fat stenosr^aph^r gave him a. valuable
business hint early In his. career...
.I. Jkno.w_?j£ vei»..uicn who.. k^,e.,r;ii)bits'
fe«t, two who smear the c(iul of a coon
on the edge df-th*lr desk blotters, and
three who -turn up 'their l*ft 'trouser
leg before admitting an important busi
ness caller. : \u25a0 * • - .• "-••' •**
But one- of- the qu<*«ret«t -fancies Is
that of a «l>ig oorporatlon'vlriwyer with
whom 1 run*? business- dealing*. 'He
; will not fittonipt to write "a-brlef or a
| petition or- hnythitinr tmportMnt unless.
i at somo tiivifi during the 'writing, -he
; plucks a hair from Ws heart;, puts -it in
I th« Ink, and makes a blot^ohitho: paper.
! I saw him do it twice and irlaulred the
I cause. He ' confessed, i rather ' shame
f facedly, that one time when h* was a
struggling;- young lawyer, ,t. his -pen
caught in:a hair and blottea-tho paper,
"Of course, • I -don't believe \ln it.'.' he
said. "But. still. -what's the-u^e. of tak
ing arty chances? And, besides*, it's a good
mark." ~ " ." " ' -.. '\u25a0'.. <•>.'
;.- WEAftS MISMATKD Sllt)fiS.
One of my "friends in the Roard of
Trade dlstrlcHono or the. Ijlgr?re9t trad
ers in the wheat pit— never
an import n nt, deal until he "puts. on shoes
tim are no^ mate*. I have seenhlm go
into the "pit :wlth one patent-leather shoe
and one slipper— for luck, bicaifse oh the
day that he' v "ni;\de his first' big .stroke
that e^abjlsthWl'his fortune he happened
to bo wearing .misma ted shoes. 'There is
another friend of mine -who believes that
he cannot ;do' anything successfully un
less he wear? 'a. red necktie. 1 aiid I have
another one who' never wears; a hat that
fits him. He" insists on buying hats a size
too largo and then putting in' f<?lt fillers—
just for hick.' ./ "!....'.\u25a0<
There is a." man in Chicago— who em
ploys hifndreds of men and -Is. rated ii
millionaire— who never sees' .*• white
horSo without" spitting We/r^the little
finKor of hi* right hand to wafu"; off bad
luck. Anotlfcr man.*a merchant prince
he is ealled;*always carries : a'blt of soft
brown saiyd"stone in his, pocket. .He
lives up my wnyon thft north shore. He
us.ually comfs.downtown ,between;S Tind
9 o'clock in- the mornlns--— nnd I seldom
'• loa,ve before "|o:3O. I was surprised one
morning tdvmeet rfirh at ~ii: late 'train
and inquired -the reason. ..\u25a0,'. ,J
N" \INETY r islNE .men ' out- of .< a hun- 1
: fired gel; iiiad, or Bcoff,''loudly, if
' they^are accused of being sup<Jrsti
tiims— yet ?just as surely, nlnety
nlri" out of (> ysry 100 are superstitious—
nr.r'. I suspect 'the other fallow,', says Har
vt-y Coates lh the Chicago -Tribune. r j :
:\u25a0\u25a0 Wis remarkable how \ little supersti
tions, little' tricks which • men believe
brine: them' "luck"-' or good fortune,",per
meate thp bug.ness world. }it .is'my busi
nesr. to call upon business men— not heads
of departments; but the lie&dfe^orN: firms
and 1 have, during the Mast
four., or live ysars, since the matter was
called to my attention by an observant
man in whom:- 1 . did not j discover So:ne
little trick or some superstitious, belief in
some ordinary 'or extniun;tnitry; fetish.
I confers that, this has almost" destroyed
my belief, that 1 the dried- up buckeye
which I.cftrry; in' my left hand ; trousers |
pocket will- cure 'rheumatism— or ward it j
off-^and I know* it ha 3 in rhy' case.* for 1
:hii\'i carried, that buckeye for- twenty-six
years and never, felt a twlugo t)f rheuma
tism. . _-,; -*i+£f!-g \u25a0'..y '-.--.-:.-.
jJi't:KY.--C'pbS!>i OX CONTRACT.
One;, of -.'my. ..best customers'; :* head of a
blfi'. department . store, never- will sign a
contract until after he has placed a. small
cross of ink' down in the lower left-hand
corner. I learned this one Hay. when he
signed a 'contract for some: i work— and- 1
Marted toward .the elevator r congratulat
ini? \nyself on closing a big deal. While I
was waiting; at the elevator he ' came
rushing from hi* office: " -•
r'Hety, come-back!" he cnlted: : . I went
hack. : ,V-\ .- \u25a0-
"''We'll .have- to make out a now con
tract." tie .explained. .../.'.'..
."What's 'th?.; trouble?"- 1-asked anx
ioufcly. . • :<v. '...' -, -i,'. '; '•-/. * -
"I forgot to put my lucky, cross on that
before 1, -signed;. it," he \u25a0 responded \ seri
ously. /;.••>•-• . . -,'-.;-. /•: .\u25a0 \u25a0
] "X'msorry. to 'delay you!- lt'mtght
be bod luck t»i break tn<? habit."* \u25a0•••
Another; friend of mine, a wholesaler in
the clothius line, well known in the whole
sale district: insists that two crossed red
threap b<i *ew«>d Intp .the right arm of
everyebftt: he- sends out of hte'eatabUsh-:
meht. I. wondered at that for a long
time,. and finally asked about it. -He told
me that once^R-hen he wan 'threatened
with ruin,' a.; gyp^y fortune -teller tol.l
him that >lt ,.'he j i sew?d~ two red silk
threads in crow shape into the* fight arm
of each garment- tlK.v would sell— and he
vows that: from the minute he tried it he
began to pick up business. ; ' ,\
A. J. Waterhouse
HOW HE GOT
A STEPFATHER
BUSINESS MEN
SUPERSTITIOUS
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN* D. SPRKCKELS .:....' ..'\u2666>' .•' Proprietor
"~~ ~ ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McXAUGHT - -^JjULZ?}^^?"
PUBLICATION- OFFICE . THIKD AND MARKET StREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY .* •*•'••"•". • •• • .AUGUST 7,' *905
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. M^^
6All the grafters will vote. What will
you dot \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0..,.':', :\u25a0 • . .
All goods must be forwarded consigned
to the New Zealand, International Ex
hibition, Chri3tchurch, New Zealand.
Application for space may be lodged
with the agent general for New Zealand.
Westminster Chambers, 13 Victoria
street, B. C:, or with the secretary, New
Zealand International Exhibition, Christ
church, New Zealand, on the official
printed form, and notice of allotment
will be mailed to the applicant.
hibitors, attendants and workingmen will
be supplied free of cost to the exhibitors.
Applications for space, with full par
ticulars, are invited as early as possible,
and In the allotment of space precedence
will be given, as far as possible, to pri
ority of application. No application will
be received later than the 31st of March,
1906. :\u25a0• \u25a0
A personally conducted excursion via Grand
Canyon of Arizona, Denver.' Colorado Springs,
Manltou. Garden of the Gods, Flkei Peak, t«
Kansas City. St. Louis, Chicago and many
other Eastern points, lieavo San "Francisco
Tuesday, August 15. Reservations 'should be
made et once. For further particulars Inquire
at Santa F« Office. > 653 Market st. . •
Foresters of America Select Santa Fe as
Official Route to Buffalo, N. Y. :
SPECIAL EXCURSION EAST AT LOW
RATES.
* Colonel Stephen N. Wlnslow" has been
connected with the Philadelphia Inquirer
for sixty-three years-
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 6. — It is possible
that an international question may re
sult from the row that has been raised
following the resignation of L. Mendel
son as representative of the Lower Cal
ifornia Development Company. A ques
tion arose as to who had the right to
the officT? In which the business was
(ione and the new representative of the
company on Wednesday night went into
the office and threw Mendelson's private
papers and desks out. The following
day MondHson took possession again
anil retained It while the Development
Company dispatched its steamship from
the temporary office on the wharf.
It happens that Mendelson Is the con
sular representative of the republic of
San Salvador and as his consular pa
pers were disturbed he has asked tho
Consul' General at San Francisco to
bring the case to the attention, of the
Government at Washington.
Consular nepre«entatlve of San Salva
dor Ejected From .'His' Ofllce
i- lv Snn Dleso.
MAY MAKE INTERNATIONAL ,
CASE OF A COMPANY ROW
I,«muix 53.50 Guaranteed Shoes.
Honest all through. Equal to any $5.00
Shoe in style, fit and wear. Lomax $2.50
and $3.50 Shoes for men. 16 Fourth st. •
Ignatlan Council will hold lt« annual
ladies' night in Shasta Hall on Wednes
day evening, August 30. An evening of
entertainment, refreshments and danc
ing will be arranged.
Ou Wednesday evening, August 9,
Rev. Joseph P. McQuaide, the popular
pastor of Sacred Heart Church of this
city, will address the members of Igna
tlan Council on "Life in the Philip
pines" and his own experiences while
there. The address will be given in
Shasta Hall. Native Sons' building, and
members of the Young Men's Institute
are invited to be present. Father Mc-
Quaide was chaplain of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers during that regi
ment's Eojourn in the Far East, and was
not only most active In his regimental
and church work, but was selected by
the Government to carry on important
work necessary at the time.
ter of ceremonies.
The annual outing of the members
and friends of Ignatian Council No. 35,
Young Men's Institute, will be held at
Camp Taylor on Admission day, Sep
tember 9. Games, dancing and other
special features will be arranged for the
entertainment of old and young. The
boat connecting at Sausalito with the
special train of passenger coachea will
leave the ferry depot at 9 o'clock. Fol
lowing are the officers of the committee
of arrangements: J. J. Walsh, chair
man; W. J. Wilson, secretary; W. J.
Hamilton, treasurer; R. D. Blake, mas-
to Make Excursion to Camp
Taylor.
September Ninth I» Selected as the Day
?.Ites Daisy Sllb?rst«»in of Chieo left on
August 1 fof her home after a month's
Samuel Adelstein has returned from
an extended outing, which has included
Camp Meeker, Skag-ys Springs and the
Eanta'Cruz Mountains.
Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Holle. with their
daughters, Pearl and Daisy, and Mrs.
William Lenhoff, with her daughter,
Alvina, are passing: part of the summer
In the mountains of Santa Cruz County.
Mrs. Prendergast, with her family, is
spending c. vacation at El Verano, So
noma County.
Mr. and Mrs. Patrick Manning: of
712% Tennessee street are rejoicing
over the arrival of a little son, who
made his advent on July 27.
Miss Tees Klopstock will be at home
"Wednesday. August 9, at 605 Waller
street.
Sites Harriet »L. Davis left last
Thursday for the fair at Portland and
.win continue from that city on to Seat-
OJe and Victoria, expecting to be away
* about a month.
Mrs.. Max Frifcdenthal of Portland,
\u25a0who Is visiting In town, will be at
home to-morrow afternoon, August 8, at
21*74 Geary street.
Miss Belle Korper has gone to Port
land, where she will meet her brother-in- ,
law and eister, Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Wil- i
bee of Chicago.
Miss Esther Ireland and Miss Laura
Ireland have returned from their outing
at Santa Cruz.
Mrs. John Ginty, Miss Augusta G. Kel
lfy and Miss Josephine Kelley are at
Lake Tahoe. i
Mrs. Louise Muirheaa left last Wednes
day for Portland to visit the exposition,
to be followed by a trip to British Colum
bia.
Mrs. 'WllHam Taylor will be at home
the Cr« • tnd third Wednesdays at 1443
Tenth avenue.
After being entertained extensively for
a month, the M'Sscs Mabel O'Connor, j
Anna Weise and Phyllis Blley have re- |
turned from Healdsburg.' ii|;«
Mr*. Margaret Tojetti and her daugh
trr, Mies Beatrice,- who have been so
journing at Upper "Soda Springs and Sis
ton Tavern for the past month, expect to
return home this week.
PERSONALS.
IGNATIAN COUNCIL PLANS
FOR ITS ANNUAL OUTING
Aasnst Sunset—An Interesting Number.
If you want to know all about' the latest
gold discoveries In Nevada, reaa Sunset Maga
zine lor August. K. R. Casper contributes
an article on the Bullfrog district, where the
latest gold discoveries have been made. Min
ing msn claim that these mines are as rich as
the fabled mines of King Solomon's.
Under the title of "A PoStofflce That's a
I'alace," Francis J. Dyer describes Ean Fran
olfco's new Postoffice. Thie ts. probably, the
moFt costly and beautiful public building in
America. „„
Other articles of Interest are How I play
Tennis," by May G. Sutton, champion woman
tennis player of the world, and "Intercolle
giate Boating on the Pacific Coast," by E. M.
Garnstt, coach of the University of California* a
boating crew, winners of the regatta of ths
Pacific Coast.
Sunset can be obtained at all news stands
at 10 cents a copy. •
The Criterion Dramatic Club held a
most enjoyable rect-otion, at their new
and beautiful, club rooms rast Tuesday"
evening- After the dancing and merry
making a banquet was served. Among
the invited guests were: Walter C. El
ttrisch'.ael. Percy Kilbride, Percy Altree,
McSvlCe Josephs, Lionel Smith, Joseph
Feeney. "William Foley, M'.ss May Stark
weather. Miss Mabel Bateman, Miss
•Oara. Bellman. This cluD will produce
the well-known drama, "The Octoroon,"
at Native Sons' Hall to-morrow evening,
August S.
Miss Cecil Co wles gave a piano recital
at Hotel Rowardennan on the evening of
July 27. Many attended the affair, which
was most successful, musically and so
cially.
The Ban Francisco Nursery for
Homeless Children Is about to move
from its old quarters on Mission street
to a large new home recently completed
oa Lake street, between Fourteenth
s.nd Fifteenth avenues.
CLUB PARTIES.
Miss I. E. Connor, milliner, of 138 Geary
street, has removed to 225 Post street. •
WOMAN IN ARIZONA
KILLS HER HUSBAND
Family Quarrel Comes to a
Tragic Climax in
Special Dispatch to The Call
TOKIO, Aug. 6.— Commander Akyama,
who. participated in the battle of Japan,
has prepared for publication an extended
statement relating to the great conflict,
and its weight is pn the side of gunnery,
the battleships and tactics as against the
destroyer and the torpedo. " i; ,
lie prefaces his statement by declaring
that good gunnery depends mainly upon
the division officers and asserts that the
Russian officers were lamentably lacking
in training.
• In the early part of the battle the Rus
sians scored but one hit to three landed
by the Japanese. Under ' these circum
stances it may be said that the Japanese
had three or four guns in action to every
one of the Russians, and there was noth
ing very remarkable about the disparity
in the losses. \u25a0 •;
The admiral says that Admiral Rojest
vensky had been criticized for electing
to take his chance's at the Tushima. On
the contrary, it was the wisest course
open to him. Tsugara Strait is long and
narrow, the season was foggy and there
were mechanical obstructions. Distance
and coal were against Soya and the time
consumed in reaching that entrance
would have betrayed the design, and. his
plight on emerging from Soya would have
been much worse than he might reason
ably hope for at Tushima.
Regarding the question of pinking ar
mored cruisers and battleships by gun
fire, the commander expresses the opinion
that the fact that the Russian- ships were
exceptionally low in the water contribut
ed materially to the result. The Rus
sians carried large quantities of coal,
stores and ammunition, artd, thus weight
ed down and- In a rough sea, suffered
badly from hits near the water line that
ordinarily would not have been fatal.
The commander says that the battle
did not, as some claim, prove the su-.
perlorlty of • arms to armor. He points
out that the newest armor on the Rus
sian ships, notably In the case of the
Orel, was not pierced. . . :
Okyama defends Nebogatoff's surrender
from severe criticism. Nebogatoff was
surrounded by twenty-seven ship?, . in
cluding the most powerful of Togo's fleet.
Had the Russian refused to surrender his
ships would have been sunk forthwith.
Five or ten minutes would have sufficed,
to finish the unpleasant task. Any other'
course than 'surrender would have con-,
demned the needless death of 2000 officers
and men. '
Accurate estimates of the actual Rus
sian casualties are Impossible to obtain,
but they are far under first estimates.'
The rescued and surrendered exceed
7000 and. making due allowances for those
who escaped in the Almaz, Lazumrud.
Orel, Aurora, Jemtchug . and the aux
iliaries, the number actually lost is some
where between 2000 and 3000.
Sneclat Race ProeramW at Santa Rosa.
On next Wednesday, August 9, a special
race programme has. been arranged t at the
Santa Rosa race track for th© benefit of Wll
\u25a0lard R.-'Zibbell, the- younp- man : who was »o
badly hurt a couple of -Week* ago at Fresno.
There will b« eight events. .. The finest lot of
trotting and pacing horses ever assembled by
the Pacific Coast Breeders' Association Is now
here and the very best selection of horses pos
sible ha» be«n volunteered by the owners. This
will be a day of speed, and the California
Northwestern Railway will run a special
leaving Tiburon Ferry, foot off Market street,
at 9 a. m., and on the return.l eaving Santa
Rosa, at 7 p. m. Fare for the round trip $1. •
: PHOENIX. Ariz., Aug. -6.— Thursday
night Mrs. Henry Savage of Bisbee
blew off the top of her husband's head
with a shotgun, firing,' through the win
dow at him as he approached the house.
She had ordered him to halt and here
fused. A son by. a former husband was
at, her eide with another gun, but she
told him not to shoot for her aim had
been true. A revolver was found in one
of the dead man's pockets and a bottle
of whisky in the other. The woman
gave herself up and said she was glad
her husband was dead.
The story is the" usual one of a family
row. . Sava&e quarreled with his step
sons, who were erecting a laundry
building alongside the residence prop
erty., to which he objected. Mrs. Sav
age says he has treated her cruelly,
often threatening to kill her. : Only a
few nights. ago he drove her from the
\u25a0house with: her nine-month-old baby
and she spent the night on . the hill
side, afraid to go home. She says her
husband killed two men in Colorado,
but she was. afraid, to, lnform on him
and he had .threatened to kill any of
ficer who came to the house. -
ALL KINDS OF BABIES.
Single babies,' twin babies and trip
lets,- all do equally well on Mellin's
Food. There are a few pictures of them
In the Mellin's Food exhibit at the Port
land Exposition. We have hundreds
more pictures in the Mellin's Food office
in Boston, and lack of space prevented
our showing you all of them, but there
are enough In the exhibit -to show you
that Mellin's Food babies always look
healthy and happy. Mellin's Food ex
hibit, Agriculture building. •
WANTED FOR NATURALIZATION
FRAUDS.— "CarI H. Rasmussen, a Bailor, was
arrested on Sixth street yesterday afternoon by
Deputy United States Marsnal J. H. Helms
and' locked up In the City Prison. Raamussen
la wanted In connection with the fraudulent
naturalization of several eeafarins men.
If you want a cat to stay at your
home, rub us paw on the stove, is an
old superstition.
The meeting was addressed by Past
Grand President L. F. Byington and
Grand Secretary Charles H. Turner, the
former stating that there was a move
ment afoot to have the natives while in
Sacramento march to Sutter's Fort and
place a bronze tablet on that historic
structure setting forth the fact that the
fort h?.d boen restored by the Native
Sons of the Golden West.
Frank T. Barnett of Piedmont Parlor
has been selected as marshal of the
Alameda division for the parlors of
Alameda County.
Chairman Rogers of the committee
that is arranging for the parade in
this city announced that the details
would be given at the meeting next
Saturday.
The. transportation committee was in
struete-3 to secure 10,000 adult and 500
children tickets for transportation to
the celebration city. Such tickets will
be honored by the railroad company on
all special and regular trains leaving
this city and Oakland on September 8
and 9 except on the Overland Limited.
These will be returned on all trains
from Sacramento except on the Over
land on the 9th and 10th and morning
of the 11th.
Reports from the various sub-com
mittees demonstrated that the parlors
of this oity and those across the bay
are taking an active interest In the
coming celebration and that each par
lor will appear In the grand parade in
the capital city on the ninth with spe
cial features.
The joint committee of the Native
Sons of the Golden West that . is ar
ranging for the celebration of Admis
sion day at Sacramento next month met
Saturday night In Native Sons' Hall with
W. D. Hynes of Stanford Parlor In the
chair.
Restoration.
Intend to TMuee Thereon n Ilrnnze Tnb
let In Commemoration of Its
Mr. 'and Mrs. Henry SJmon held a re
ception at their home^i* 1^ 'Webster street,
yesterday afternoon in honor of the en
gagement of their daughter, . Lottie, to
Abraham Friedlander.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Camp will hold a re
ception in honor of their silver wedding
on Sunday, August 13, from 2 to 5. at
'th*ir home, S2l Mason street.
The engagement reception of Miss Elma
Sa!z uf'Alameda County and I. I. Brown
of San Francisco will be held at the Ho
tel Richeiieu next Sunday arternoon, Au
gust 12.
Mrs. Dollie Emereon was at home last
Thursday evening to a large number o*
j;u^ms at her home, 87C l'ork street.
Amonsr them were: Mr. and Mrs. W.
Cardiff. Mr. ar.rl Mrs. -Edward Beard, Mr.
and Mrs. F. W. Kerrigan. Mr. Charles.
Mi<s Gertrude Gliddon, V. Gatto, Mre.
Perry. R. Ghirardelli. H. Poema, Miss
Gertie Griechen. F. Emerson, Master
Waiter Cardiff and Miss Myrtle Emerson.
'Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Coffee of Oakland
htld & reception yesterday afternoon at
ihcir home, TC3 Fourteenth street, in
honor of the engagement of their daugh
ter, Ada T.. to Dr. Harry Splro of this
c".ty. ; / :
A. birthday party was given to Master
George Fr«;derickson on July 23 by sev
eral of his little friends at his home, 3254
roisom street. Among the young people
srer« Madeleine Frederlckson, May Freri
crlckson. Annie McDevitt, Carrie ODea,
Kvelyn O'Dca, May Beasley, Loretta
Beasley, liernice Dunn. Etta Dunn, Katie
O'Brien, May. O'Brien, Gertrude Grazer,
Tjcretta Pearl. George Frcderickson, John
O'Dea. Eddie ODea, Frank Dunn. Har
old Grazer. Adolph % Grazer, James
O'Brien. John Driscoll 'and Ray Driscoll.
HOME PARTIES.
NATIVE SOXS WILI,
VISIT SITTTEU'S FORT
The wedding ct Miss Agnes K. Fahcy
a-r.d William A. Drake tock place Sunday
afternoon. July 30. at 2:30 o'clock, at St.
Afc-ncs Church, the Rev. Father Collins
oiYiciatir:g. It was a quiet ceremony and
none but the Immediate members of the
families were present. The bride is a
capable teacher in the San Francisco
School Department and the daughter of
Major and Mrs. William Fahey uf 1523
Ilaigl.t street. The groom* -olds a re
sponEible position with the Southern Pa
cilic Company at Oakland and betcr.gs to
a well-known pioneer family of that city.
W KDDI.VtiS.
Each nation participating will be al
lotted a special court, irrespective of the
class of exhibits shown, except in the
case of artificial manures in bulk and
machinery in work requiring to be sup
plied with motive power. These classes
will be allotted separate buildings.
Particular attention will be devoted to
arts and crafts In actual operation and
every reasonable facility will be given to
exhibitors who desire to manufacture
goods in the exhibition. ' .
Awards In the form of diploma of gold
and' silver medals, according to merit,
in each section, will be given to exhibit
ors who desire to compete. These awards
should prove of great value to successful
firms, as oare will be taken to select com
petent and unbiased judges.^ •
Special rates for coastal, over-sea and
railway passenger fares will be arranged,
so as to encourage the presence of vis
itors, and popular excursions, will be pro
moted continuously to all : the principal
places of interest in the colony. Every
facility will be provided, not only to at
tend the exhibition,. but at the same time
to visit the' scenic, thermal and other at
tractions in various parts of the colony.
GAMES AND CONTESTS ABOUND.
Many Interesting contests and games
will be arranged In suitable continuation
during the ' progress of the exhibition,
such as international "band concerts,
bowling tournaments, - race ; meetings and
regattas, volunteer encampments and
military sports, \ flra brigade demonstra
tions and 6ports, : agricultural and pas
toral and stock shows, -athletic and
aquatic sports, golf tournaments, cricket,
football and polo matches.
The exhibition will, be -open to the pub
lic from the Ist of' November, 1906, to
the <flret Thursday in- April, 1907, from
10 a. m. to 10 p. m. Tickets to admit ex-
SPACE FOR EACH XATIOX.
Special arrangements will be made
with the steamship companies trading
to New Zealand whereby exhibitors will
obtain rate 3 of freight on exhibits,, and
complete arrangements will be made for
the reception and Installation of the ex
hibition on such lines as protect ex
hibitors from any excessive charges.
The exhibition buildings will be con
stituted a bonded warehouse for the time
being. All goods sold' will be plus duty,
while all over-eea exhibits that may be
returned can be reshipped free of duty.
The grounds and buildings will be
lighted by electricity and gas. and as
electricity and lighting in almost every
form will" be. a prominent feature ofi the
exhibition, every facility will be extend
ed to exhibitors to display the latest de
velopments and designs. \u25a0
The resources and possibilities of the
colony of New Zealand as a food-pro
ducing country promises so much that It
Is without any apology that the Gov
ernment desires to bring It under the no
tice of those interested in transporting,
importing and otherwise handling 1 the
foodstuffs of the world.
As a market In which to procure sup
plies of raw material, the annual export
of wool, hemp, skins and hides, kauri
gum and coal have only to be mentioned
to induce purchasers of the staples to
attend and investigate the source of pro
duction. While the mineral wealth is
demonstrated by an increasing output of
gold, which during the last fifty . years,
ha 3 totaled in value the \u25a0 immense sum
of £65,000,000.
1 The Government of New Zealand has
j decided to hold, during the summer of
i IDOO-7, an international exhibition at
•Christchurch, Canterbury, New Zealand,
iin which all the nations of the
| world have been invited to par
j ticipate. The object of the exhibi
i tion is educational, and it is intend
\ ed to demonstrate the resources and pos
sibilities of the colony as one of the
world's fobd-prodilclng factors, its vast
mineral resources and to draw attention
to its unrivaled and varied scenery,
thermal wonders, and also the excep
tional opportunities offered to sportsmen;
and, further and specially, to bring un
der the notice of the more industrial na
tions of the world the great field the
colony of New Zealand offers as an out
let for enterprise and for the use and
consumption of- all manner of up-to-date
appliances, manufactures, etc.
Such an exhibition should command
the support and attention of all the
manufacturing nations of the world, and,
if taken advantage of, must accomplish
tangible and satisfactory results. The
colony of New Zealand, being essentially
a producing country, offers a splendid
cutlet for the manufactures of other
countries which pay more attention to
the development of manufacturing in
dustries and whose industrial conditions
and facilities -are better adapted to the
promotion and development of manufac
turing, v
,The imports of the colony for the last
year (at least three-fourths of; which are
manufactured goods) amount to £13,
292.000.
When it Is considered that this im
mense, expenditure on imports is re
quired for the use and consumption of a
colony with a population of 550,(*0 per
sons It can readily be understood what a
rare opportunity there is for exploiting
this colony with up-to-date manufactures.
These features of the possibilities of
the exhibition are confidently placed be
fore the more industrial nations of the
world. Therefore manufacturers are
urged to appoint representatives and to
send such exhibits as will show the na
ture and finish of their work and which
are suitable for a colony that is pro
gressing with . almost unparalleled rap
idity, and which has the keenest desire
to adopt* the most modern ideas and con
veniences of advanced civilization.
NO APOLOGY FOR RESOURCES.
At 8:25 this morning word came from
the Jury room*that a verdict had been
reached and Judge Davis convened a spe
cial session of court to hear the result.
The acquittal was greeted with cheers
by the friends of Senator Farrls and the
latter was warmly congratulated.
The trial had lasted for a week, the
principal testimony for the State being
that of former Lieutenant Governor John
A. Lee, on whose testimony beiore the
Grand Jury indictments were returned
against Farris and former Senator C. A.
Smith. It was arranged to-day that the
application for a change of venue In the
case of Smith.be withdrawn, as it is re
garded that the acquittal of Farrls pre-,
eludes the possibility of a conviction in
the Smith case, as the charges In each
instance were identical. The Smith case
will be taken up before Judge Martin
and It Js announced will be dismissed by
the State.
- The jury retired to consider a verdict
at 9:33 last night. The first ballot re
sulted eight for . acquittal and four for
conviction. The same result continued
on, subsequent ballots and the Jury was
locked up for the night at 11:30.
JEFFERSON C^TY.'Mo., Aug. 6.— State
Senator Frank H.-Farrls was to-day ac
quitted? by a Jury in tha Circuit Court
on a charge of bribery In connection with
a bill introduced at the State. Legislature
in 1901 to repeal the statute prohibiting
the. use of alum in the manufacture of
baling powder, 'Commonly known as the
•••Alum bill." -
Mr. and Mrs. C. KotholU announce the
engagement of their- uaisghtcr Rose to
Jacob Livingston. A reception will he
htld at their home, 6TI Kay*s street, on
Sur.fiay, August 20. from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Mrs. Is. Anisberg announces the en-
Casesaest of her daughter Kertha to
Samuel Fisher of Guatemala.
i:.\(i.vci:MEXTs.
Testimony of Former Lieu
tenant Governor Fails to
Bring About a Conviction
The Unparalleled Progress
of Colony Brings Desire
for Modern Improvements
Commander Afcyama Favors
Big* Ironclads as Against
the Smaller War Craft
Mrs. T. W. Hayward of SS2S Army
street, accompanied by her daughter,
Mrs. Joseph J. Bacon, Mrs. Ralph Gunn
and- Miss Emily Tlobson. have gone to
Healdsburg, where they, intend to spend
the month of August.
Mr. and Mrs. Morton L.. Cock have re
turned from a six weeks" stay at Blue
I^iUes. They leave the city on August ID
for a visit to the Portland fair and
through the north.
Mrs. R. Schneider, .with' her two sons,
sailed last Thursday^tor Seattle and
Victoria. Returning she will stop some
time nt the Portland ralr.
Sirs. J. 13. Stetson. Miss A. Newborn
and Miss Marguerite Doe are visiting the
ifotol del Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick \V\ Dohrmann
are e:i route to Switzerland from Bad
Nauhtim, which they left on July 15.
They are accompanied by Mrs. Blanca
Wl I'aulsm, and- during transit will stop
lit Raden Baden and Bfid-nvveilcr. in the
I>lac!i Forest.
visit !n this city with Mr. and Mrs.
Ch*r|*s A. Berliner. A farewell party
was given in her honor, which was great
ly enjoyed by all present.
Howards Black is, a visitor at Jtose
Range Resort. McnJuclno Cbunty.
Faint murmurs of focial life are all that
ire auu:b!e at the present time. RcceiJ
llOßS, a:ijji,u:jcinft and consratulating eu
gagtrrents have created th*: principal stir
and one Kidding saves the hymeneal cal
tnrjar fruni oblivion.
The ehtff vibrations are caustd by the
pat^ajre to .itid fro of tourists.
CHEERS GREET DECISION
OPENS NOVEMBER' FIRST
LESSONS FROM BATTLE
Exliibitioii in New Zealand
to Demonstrate Eesources
of That Vast Country
State Senator Frank H. Far
ris of Missouri Is Found
Not Guilty of Bribery
Ja panese Naval 1 Expert Ex
presses Opinion in Accord
ance With That of Dewey
BUT FAINT MURMURS HEARD
Record Holds but Two Engagements, One
Wedding and a Few Parties.
CHRISTCHURCH
TO HOLD FAIR
GUNNERY WINS
NAVAL FIGHTS
SOCIETY IS AT THE POINT
OF SUMMER EBB.
JURY'S VERDICT
FOR ACQUITTAL
' THE:, SAN ; FRANCISCO . CALL,: MONDAY. , AUGUST /7, 1905:
7
CASTORIA
t For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
: £33 MARKET ST.. OPP-KASON.^
Phonographs at Uw Pr less— EasvPaynients
AMUSEMENTS.
y.;^ :.;..,. "...-... :,.,*& i.ast
. 'jg^iß.?^ ' SEVEN NIGHTS.
4>^-' \ - THE COMEDIAN
r&SSm&j&f f * YOU ALIi KNOW
'.£m Kendall
In- His tatest Lauxh ' Launcher, •
WEATHER BEATEN BENSON
LAST TIME — NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
NEXT. MONDAY NIGHT.
First Time Here After Two Years of Gr*at
Eastern Triumphs.
"MRS. WIGGS OF THE •
CABBAGE PATCH."
Seat Sale Begins) Next Thursday.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT S O'CLOCK
LAST WEEK' 3
Performance Begins at . O'clock Sharp
De Koven and Smith's Romantic Comic Opera
R.OB ROY
GREAT SUCCESS OF ,
\u25a0 KATE CONDOJf.
ANNA LICHTER,
' ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM.
TEDDY WEBB.
• FRANK R. HAVES.
AND BARRON BERTHALD.
PRODUCTION STAGED BY MAX FREEMAN.
. First Time at Popular Prices— 23c, 60c, 75c.
H. W. ft X A TE3CTT/" 1 Frisco's
BlsWs MAJESTIC T £ S £
TO-NIGHT
AND ALL THIS AVEEK.
James Nelll and Edythe Chapman Neil], pro-
eentlnr ,
THE JILT
Dion Boucclcault's High-Class Modern ' Irish
Comedy Drama.
Evening Prices— 2sc. 50c, 73c. Sat. Mat.. 23-SOe.
Thursday and Sunday Bargain Matinees.
Entire House 25c— All Reserved.
A T I*\ A Hf A T1 Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR cmaa
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT—MATS. THURS. AND SAT.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
: ; In Charles .Dickens' Tale of Two Cities,
THE ONLY WAY
A* Played by Henry Miller.
Evgs.. 25c to 75c; Mats. Thurs.-Sat_, C3c to 50c.
CHANGE OF PLAY EVERY WEEK.
NEXT. MONDAY— WHITE WHITTLESEY
In Robert Louis Stevenson's Romance,
PRINCE OTTO
SOON— THE GREAT INTERROGATION
By Jack London and Lee Bascom.
Market Street, Near Eighth. . .Phone. South 533
-TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
BIATINEESL SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Theodore Kelmer** Thrilling Melodrama— Hts
\u25a0" Latest Success.
No Wedding Bells for Her
Sensational Play.* Founded on . th« . Great Coal
Mine Strike of . Pennsylvania.
MARVELOUS SCENIC EFFECTS!
" SUPREME SENSATIONS!
HEP.SCHEL' MAYALL and the Entire Com-
'aMaflHtaffiraff^-' .pany.
PRICES— Eve., 10c to 60c; Mats.. 10c.. 13c. 250.
NEXT— LAND OP THE MIDNIGHT SUN
AMCSEBEXTS.
CORUSGATINB~VAUDEVILLE!
COL. G ASTON BORDAVERRY:
Edmnad Day and Company* "The
J Queen* Fan;" !,«•\u25a0» Partstenneat Patty
j Brothers 1 Smith and Camp bells -Muie.
I OHna Bobet Orphenm Motion Pie-
j ' tares and
JAMES J. MORTON
Regular Matinees Ev«ry Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— IOc. 23c and 50c.
GRAND $Z%%s
TfI.NIKUT TO-Morrow. W»A; Thur»..
lU-NIDn! FrJ. and Sat. Nlshts
Herr ELLIS F. GLIGKMAN
AS SHYLOCK
r?r E Merchant of Venice
(IN GERMAN.)
Bat. 3Jatlne«. "THE GOLDEN COCNTRT."
Sunday Matine*. "KOI. NIDRET."
Sunday Nl*ht. "BAR KOCHBA. THE LAST
OF THE JEWISH KINGS."
AU2.20 Denis O'Sullivan
° In "ARRAtt NA POGUE/
HARPER, DESMOND AND BAILEY,
SGHEPPS' DOSS Alii)' PONIES
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening: la the Theater.
CHARLES BIGNEY. World's Champion H!«h
Diver.
Amateur Xisht Thursday.
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN 8a
See \u25a0 Chlqntta. "the Uvtnc Doll.** Annie
Redllne. the Plump Lady, and the
Bnblea In the Infant Incubator*.
§ Perfect Fitting AffS
EYE YU
GLASSES H s^
$2.50 tr\
Broken Lenses re- {*]
placed 50c
V S42 HfJARKE/rSx
THE
PALACE
HOTEL
Cornprets«d Air cleanln* plant
Room telephones
Steam heat and open Ore*.
Perfect ventilation
" Pipe organ and orchestra
Perfect aery Ice-
Unexcelled cuisine
Every luxury attainable
VA/. X. HESS,
• 'Votary Public and Attorney-at-Latr.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, CUus Sspreckela Wdx.
Telephone .Main !)53- -\u0084~
Residence. ISC2 McAllister at.
Reeldeace Tglohona Pag> 3<Ht.
WEEKLY CALL, $1 PER YEAR
..... \u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0 •-' \u25a0 .
Prompt \ $&&*tttfiffrf&'££ \
Our Motto, j YMAM^cf€^SSM j Gy^ aß^ ed -
It. v/iil be worth your while to visit Prugers
Grocery Department — the largest and grandest in
th-? city — to-day. There will be seme magnificent
values which will be sufficient lv temp iru* to i auce
you to stock up for the whole month. Big money
saved on every item.
SPECIAL— MONDAY
Bacon— Delicately smoked, boneless breakfast: price per pound
t< : \u25a0 '. 1 <> r <o
Sapolio — Enoch Morgan's — hand or scouring; 4 bars |2»"»c
Soap — Best imported castile; large bars \u25a0
Peas, Extras — Imported petitspois. Regular 25c tin:. Spcciat..l»c
Vanilla or Lemon Extracts — I*:liance brand; 3 bottles i2«">«-*
Lenox or Cudahy Diamond C Soap— 9 bars *8e
Royal Salad Dressing— None better; bottles, --«.* : pint bot-
tle .... • 42c
Gold Dust or Grandma's Washing Powder — 4-pound package^ 2
packages :. il- c
Firkin Creamery Butter — Sold by the pound. Price, -«ound -•>\u2666?
Kona Coffee— Makes a delicious drink. Regular 23c. Sale price.
pound lOe
Frankfurters or Bologna Sausage— Fresh; pound *1«
Corn Starch— Per packace 5e
Free Samples of Borden's Jelly Malted Milk— a delicious dish—at the
booth.
UNDERPRICED LIQUORS
Asti Claret — That we sell recularly at 50c. Special, gallon 37c
Kentucky Bourbon V/hiskey— Full quarts that v.c sell regularly at 8;c.
Special, bottle 5Sc-
Pabst Malt or Malt Nutrine— The best tonics; dozen £-- U>
Riesling or Sauterne — Choice table wines, 'gallon t>Sc
American Club Bourbon or Rye — Gallon 9* «OS
Old Glory Bourbon — 7 years old. Regular $3.00. Special, gallon..
* 92-3S
Vermouth. P. C. Rossi's Italian — Regular gallon, ?4.c0; speciat.,
$3.50. Bottle, 35e, or 3 bottles
Gin, Old Holland — Imported; regular, gallon. $4.00; special, 1j»— .50.
Bottle, regular, $1.00; special, bottle 75c
— - \u25a0 ~ >
Notice is hereby given that offers for public subscriptions to the
"Western Iron Steel" stock at Ten Dollars per share, present offer-
ing limited to One Thousand shares, will be received at the Com-
pany's office, 817 to 823- James Flood Building, San Francisco, until
12 o'clock noon. Tuesday, August 15th. Subscriptions must be ac-
. .companied by checks to the order of said Company for five per cent ?
of amount subscribed, balance payable within ten days after date of £
allotment. The right is reserved tp reject any subscription in whole >
or in part... Full particulars can be^>btained at the Company's office. »
? The first offering of one thousand shares at Five Dollars per &
I share was oversubscribed three times. ' \u25a0 -• .' y>
j POSTUM CEBKAI*
j^3g* r^j'^iJ^\'jf.4il> V USERS mBHSMUCLKaS?^
STEADY 1
i NERVES r
Fear no Hot Weather.
POSTUM
I FOOD COFFEE j
U means just that!
|J There** a Reason. .
"Superior Quality"
THE BEST
E FIR/WAN BROS. & CO., Distributors.
I NOW IS YOUR CHANCE TO BRING YOUR
FRIENDS OR RELATIVES FROM EUROPE !
Through Rates to California From
OUEENSTOWN. .;..... $71.25
LIVERPOOL 71125 |
GLA5G0W............ ....... 74.25 |
Dub1in ::..:..'. ................. 74.25 i
COPENHAGEN...... ....... 75 00 |
MALMO .......;......... 75.00 g
GOTHENBURG . .;;: .... ... • v 75.00 |
IProportipnately low rates from all other points by '«,
.? ; the Old Reliable Cunard Line. Safest and quick- |
cst line across the Atlantic. ; g
These rates; good only for limited time.' Purchase m
• tickets at once. -If you can't call^ send the money _ |
v and we will" furnfsh you with the tickets. i
S. F. BOOTH, 1 Montgomery St, 1
Gen. Agt., U. P. R.. R. Co.. San Francisco, M
< Canard S. S. Co. California. BTHE SAN FRANCISCO /CALL,: MONDAY.^AUGUST. 7, 1905.
8
J BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
| A— $1250:" CORN ER fancy grocery, de'.lcates-
I sen and 1c; cream business with 4 nice- living
nxims: rent $25; 5 years' . lease; place kept
by prtscnt owner 0 years: on!y cause of sale
that proprietor wishes '.to retire from active
bUEines^ liio: a first-class paying plac;, ln
Wchtern Addition. H. G. WILKB. 2«Vi
Kearny st. 1 _^_ '" ' '
A— SliCO; NOTION , and \u25a0 variety store on Masoa
«t. r '1 living rooms; rent $25; proprietor must
h<-11 on account of sickness: rare chance for
man nnd wife. See R. G. WILKE, 2tiVa
Kearny st. • .--
A—s22oo;A — $2200; "CORNER grocery and baron 16th
St.; tent $25; \u25a0:! living rooms; place i?stab-
lisiied years; doir.p übout $"J0 business per
day: -good stock: full vain* In sight. Call
R...0: WILKE. 261& Kearny at.
A— $000; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store. wi;h rooms; kept by owner 7 years;
must be sold at ence; owner to leave the
city.*"<;all R. G. WILKE. 2fi'j Keainy st.
A— sl."Kh>: BUTCHER- shop across the bay;
monthly, tales irons. $lluo to $1500; lease: 1
horse nnd wagon. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«Vi
Kearny tt. \u25a0 . - \u25a0 \u25a0*
A— sl*oo; BAKJEKY ln ban I»Iateo Co.; locat-
frd in the mest fashionable town; large cash
trade; wagons, borees: dally More receipts
abovo $40. Cull R. G. WILKE. 2t»U Kearny.
A—s4so;A — $450; CIGAR store with bllllard-hall and
bootblack tuaml; be.M location. Western Ad-
dition: a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 2C&
Kearny gt. .. \u25a0 \u25a0-.
A— S3SOo;,CORNER. saloon; most prominent lo-
cation on Market at.; rent $50; owner kept
j this place the last 4 years ajid always done
k tine business; must leave the city on ac-
of other engagements. Call.R. G. WILKE,
-*6 3 a Kearny st. \u25a0• . \u25a0 ' \u25a0. \u25a0 .
A— s2so0 — PARTNER ln best corner saloon on
wfiter front: 5 years' lea»fe; no rent to pay:
about 20 barrels of whisky on hand: a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 20% "Kearny.
A— sl7so-^-CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; surrounded by factories and wholesale
hour**: owner has 3 places; must sell one.
tfee T;. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A— >tioU; FRUII and vegetable store, with
route; .wngon. 2 hortes; very best location In
! th* Mission; a good-paying business; sickness
i. ora pels owner to go In the country. Call
J H. G. - WILKK. 26% Kearny st.
A— s22oo; CORNER ealoon with 6 furnished
rooms; rent $10u; lease; one of the best cor-
ners north of Market st. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2HU Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, on Third st.. with
7- rooms : rent $85: one of the best located
. places on the most prominent business part
of Third et.: full value In sight. Call R. O.
WILKE. Ztihj Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; CORNER grocery and bar; on San-
chez ft., with 0 living rooms; 4 years' lease:
rent $33; daily sates about $25: place kept by
owner S years: a rare chance. .Call K. G.
WILKE. 2G>4 Kearny st. .
A— ssooo; THE leading saloon in Monterey.
: with 5 years' lease; rent. sto; stock will ln-
\u25a0 \olce about $200u: this is a bonanza; full
value in sight; owner is compelled by other
investments to sell at once. Particulars R.
M. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st. - ;
A — »louu; GKOCEKY and bar: best location
Ocean View; rent $25; full value in alffnt; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— sl3oo; PAPER route; morning paper. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2H*A Kearny st.
A— $1100; DELICATESSEN store, with dairy
produce; living rooms; very best location on
Third st., near Call bulldlng.VFartlculars R.
G. WILKE. MM, Kearny st.
A— s4so;. CIGAK store with 3 fine living
rooms; kept by owner 10 years; rent $32;
mc£t prominent location on Larkln at. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2BH Kearny at.
A— sssoo; MOST prominent corner saloon; on«
block from Phelan bldg.; leas-*; many for-
tunes made ' in this, corner; a very rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A— s66o; CIGAR, tobacco stand, corner, with
laundry office; owner kept place 4 years;
business clears above $110 per month; loca-
tion tha best: close to Examiner office." Call
R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
A—sl7so;A — $1750; SAUSAGE factory and pork utore,
horse, wagon; business established many
years; has a large patronage ln wholesale
trade, also doing rushing store trade; owner
to retire only cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s2SoO;A — $2S0O; THE most prominent corner saloon
on Sixth St.. with lease, and cigar stand ln
front; quarrels among partners only cause of
bale; not all cash necessary. Call R. G.
WILKE. 28% Kearny at.
A— s2ooo; FANCY grocery and deiicatealen
store on Sacramento St., Western Addition;
rent $30: 3 years' lease; full value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s7ooo; CORNER saloon ln wholesale dls-
trlct: place clears about $500 per month; 7
years' lease. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny «t. <
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, with Tease and liv-
ing-room; about 3 barrels choicest whisky on
hand; location the very best; close to Market
St.; Investigate: this Is a rare . chance. R.
G. WILKE. 2fi% Kearny Et. _^^
FOR sale— Part or all of $350,000. sawmill
proposition, with valuable adjuncts; bure
money-maker, but needs money to awing it; :
principals only. . Address box 7046, . Call. -
STOCK companies Incorporated; If you have
stocks or bonds for sale offer them through
me to investors. GEORGE M. KELLOGG,
Broker. 345 Elllcott square. Buffalo.
BARBER shop for sale; $125; good stand; next
to postt-lfice:- (food for $40 a week. Address
CHARLES POOL. Guernevllle. Cal.
NEWSPAPER route for sale tn Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call Business. Office for particulars.
FOR sale — Cigar stand. Call at 113 Eddy St.,
near Tivoll Theater.
PAINTING, paperhanglng ' bus., stock, tools,
fixtures: good chance; steady man. 130% 11th.
WANTED— To- buy- a restaurant .cheap In a
good. location. Address box 8645, Call. ,;
GOOD. corner Kaloon for sale cheap: good. fix-
tures, large stock, leare. 043 -Washington st.
HAY. grain, wood and coal yard; account of
sickness; must sell.' ""•" 1630 Mission st. \
A COMPLETE flavoring extract 'plant; well
stocked: value $2800. Box 7633. Call otflce.
CARPENTER shop, $250; worth $500 to the
right man. 1281 Mission st.
FOR sale — Delicatessen and restaurant; good
place for man nnd wife. -Box 8200,' Ca11..' '-
GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
office. -
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion «-f advertisements ana subscriptions has
b*en opened at 1008 Market et., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. # .
CARI'ET-nEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
fcr cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpet 'and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company, 308 Market
st.; phone Main 152 and Bush 470. j
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
stud for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Caxpet-bsat-
inc Works. 353-.157 Tehama st. Tel; South' 4o.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rlson . st. ; -Al . cleaning, . 3c. S • FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mlpston 225.' .
EXCELSIOR,- 82 Eighth -St.— New -process;
flrst-class work guaranteed. Phone Mint 252.
CARPETS dean., fit., lay. 530 G.G.ave. iphone
East 1003. Star Ren. Co., W. Wagner, ; Mgr.
CARPETS cleaned and laid. Sc a yard. KLEIN-
ERT. 1.120 Polk St.: phone East 725.
CONKLIN'S- Superior "Carpet Beating. Works,
Golden Gut* aye. & Larkln: phon? East 126.
ADVANCE] Carpet Cleaning «>.. 402 Butter it ;
tel. Main. TO 4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. -Tel. Mission- 74.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 2ii3.
A WEEK'S pews for 3 cents— The* Weekly Call,
I«; page-?, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LACE CURTAINS ; AND BLANKETS:
BRANDT'S - New York Curtain . House;' most
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
\u25a0 blankets. .1324 Ftllmore; phone Pine 2622. '\u25a0-.-.
\u25a0\u25a0^0^ >s^sJ^£S R ~5£ 1 T runE ' ; ' : ~~
DR. PIERCE* S Magnetic Elastic^ Truss; per-
fect retainer; ; positive cure; : book 'free. Re-
; moved to 206 Kearny. St., room -307.. \u25a0\u25a0:. '. \u25a0
I DO notcuro rupture,; but can hold them ln
place. WEDEICIND, ' 440 * Geary st.
COLLECT^I^N^OFjFICES. '
BAD tenants ejected for $4: colle'ctlonn" made;
city- or country. Paciflc Collection C 0..: 415
' Montgomery, tt.. rooms 0-10. ; Tel., Main 5680.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES^
IfcDOWELL ; Dressmaking and Millinery School
.? — Eve, class; patterns cut., HOP Market st. ;
Accordion, sunburst ' and I knife pleating.' Stew-
art's button, * buttonhole factory. 11 •) Taylor.
A WEEK'S news for s~'ccnta— The Weekly CalL
16 pases, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per. year.
A WANT AD MAY BLAZE A PATH FOR YOU
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
nlture; good carpets; few rooms not furnished;
big bargain at $700.
C 3 rooms; fine new brick building; choice
central' location; newly furnished ln " best oak
furniture, Axminster and velvet carpets; elec-
tric elevator, lights and all modern conveni-
ences; beautiful, light and. airy halls; in fact.
a splendid proposition; can be bought for less
than halt cost to furnish; part cash, balance
long time at low interest: price $3000.. •
44- rooms; fine corner, close ln; well fur-
nished throughout; always full. and pays hand-
somely; biggest. bargain in city; price $3600.
30 rooms, new and modern; fine location;
well furnished and paying well, but' owner is
obliged to leave city, and to make quick sale
reduced to half cost to furnish for $1500.
14 rooms; fine block on Ellis St.; rent $75;
good furniture and carpets; barjaln; $1500. .
> 7 rooms ;. Jones at.;. rent $45; water, free; ex-
tra well furnished; all new; snap at $450.
35 rooms; grand > corner; cheap rent: very
centrally located; good oak furniture: fine car-
pets:, part offices: big money-maker; part
down, balance time: price 51800.
C rooms, central ;" rent $'!2 50: elegantly fur-
nished little home; fine buy at $350.
23 rooms, downtown; rent $100: good furnl-
niture and carpets, and if run right can make
a mint of money out of it and will only take
$200 to get in; balance can be paid \u25a0 out of
house: price $1000.
10-room corner house; fine location; oak fur-
niture, good carpets; everything flrst-class con-
dition; al! full and clearing $75 per month; an
excellent buy at. 51250.
20 rooms: tins SW. corner; rent $S0; well
furnished: all ilsrht and sunny and full of nice
people; price only $1200.
49 rooms; beautiful corner: flrst-class board-
lnp-house; fine location, cheap rent: well fur-
nished; 4 years lease: part cash, balance time.
6- room and alcove beautiful modern flat near
Sutter st.; all light and sunny: elegantly fur-
nished, with fine upright piano; bargain; $600.
37 rooms; fine corner: downtown; cheap rent;
flrst-elass furniture and carpets; one of the
best little transient houses in city and can be
got at bic bargain; $2250.
3S rooms; fine corner: new and elegantly fur-
nished apartment house; rent $200; price $2800.
14 rooms; fine. location; rent only $50; north
Market: good furniture and carpets; all full;
price $750. . . \u25a0
7-room modern flat, furnished In mahogany
and oak furniture: good carpets; fine location;
on account of death, snap; price $400.
Large list of exchanges of all kinds always
on j hand. ' . .
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 EDDY ST.
A— sBso; NICELY furnished residence In apart-
ments for housekeeping; 12 rooms: clears
S4(» month: sacrifice; cost $12CO. KREDO,
7 Oront aye. " . \u25a0- . - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
FISHER & CO Phone Main 3354 j
Room 438 James Flood building.
Furrlshed rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call, j
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. \
CLAIRVOYANTS.
— PROFESPOR NIBLO,
ASTRO-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $5 CELEBRATED LIFE READINGS. $1.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fall to call you by
name in full, names of your friends, enemies
ur rivals; I promise to tell you whether your
husband, 'wife or sweetheart Is true or false,
tell you how to gain the love of the one you
most desire, even though miles away; how to
success in business, speculation, lawsuits;
how to marry the one of your choice; how to
regain youth.- health and vitality; removes
evil Influence, cures drink habit; locates treas-
ures, cures a'-l nervous diseases.
How can I have good luck?
How can I succeed ln business?
How can I make my home happy?
How can I marry the one I choose?
How soon can I marry' v
How can I make any one love me? 1 *
How soon will my lover propose?
How can I get a good position?
How can I control any one?
How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's love?
HOURS 10 to TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES ST.
Permanently located In his own home. • \u25a0' .
PROFESSOR NIBLO. . «
A— - .'- '
PROFESSOR ALEXANDER DELMAR.
The Greatest Living
Clairvoyant, Palmist and Psychic Healer.
The Only Yogi Mediator
Of Secret Influence in America.
Without asking you a single question he
calls you by name, tells your mother's maid-
en name, tells you the name of friends, ene-
mies or rivals Ulls you what you came for,
tells whom and when you marry; ln fact,
' e-v-e-r-y-t-h-1-n-g.
No matter what your troubles, sickness or i
desire may be. Professor Delmar will help |
.you: kind, honorable and confidential treat- :
ment to all. Full life. $1. No pay ln ad- i
vance and unless you are entirely satisfied
you do not pay a penny. Daily from 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m.; Saturdays to S p. m. ; Sundays.
1 to 4 t>. m. 114 Geary st.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer; can be consulted
on all affairs of life; Miss Wllle guarantees
an hontst. reliable, 'satisfactory reading; re-
veals the past; gives correct forecast of your
future; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
Slves.the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the ono you love; reading. $1; hours
10-S p. m. : French. German. English spoken.
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
The Veiled Prophetess.
\u25a0 DEAD TRANCE MEDIUM.
Born with a Double Veil.
; Educated in Occult In Egypt and India. ' '
|5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS $L
Permanently located in her own home.
Private — No sign — Ring bell.
404 EDDY ST. 404 EDDY ST.
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
ISMAR. Egyptian' seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office ! hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays 10 to 12, Phone
South 1141. s
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals hidden secrets, love, business, etc.;
names; L. 50c. G. $1. 533 Golden Gate aye.
MME. KUONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
er. • tnlmlst; when others fall try me: good
reading 2.V:; no sign. 102^4 Gth. nr. Mission.
MME.- BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life: satisfac-
tion ruar. : 25c up. 17 3d. next Examiner bid.'
MME. MARRAU, card reader: L., 25c: 0.. 50c.
37 O'Farrell st., room 7; hours. 11 to 0»
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
• removed from 10* Sixth Bt. to 054 Mission.
" SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 120ti Market, r. 10. Gait House.
EARLE'3 seance Sun. Wed.; 210 Eddy St.:
readings. Hotel Hlgging. 'O'Farrell st. '- .
A — RETURXED.i H.; Jerome Fosselll. scientific
palmist.- 612 Mason,', nr. Sutter; tel Black 5608
MME. . MAY. palmest and card reader. 3fEJ2
ISth st.. nr. : Sanchez; hours, -1 to 6; 50c.
\ ; HYPNOTISM. 5*5 * ':;-'\u25a0
DE LAUFF, magnetist.' 7o9 Bush: hours 1-5;
nervous, mental Ills; habits cured; no drugs.
DEXTISTS.
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.
. Perfect painless \u25a0 dentistry nt lowest prices.
Full set of teeth $2; silver fillings. 25c; gold
fllllngb. $l;gold crowns, $31 bridge work. $3.
.1104 Market St., corner. Turk. .-,-•
A NEW. plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. : crowns.' t'-i 50: fillings 50c:
plates.-: 52. % full inet;> all: work painless - and
j warranted.' Chicago Dental Parlors,' 24 Sixth.
DR." L.UDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th—
\u25a0: No chares for 1 extracting 'When plates are
made; -old plates made over like new;. teeth
from $8 per s<:t. extracting 80c: gas given.' ;\u25a0;
FILLINGB. 28c and 50c; crowns..: $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 0(50 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD'flfllngs, -75c; silver. ; :ssc; crowns, $2. no'
pain: op. Sun. Dr.A.C. Hewitt. JQT-& Grant nv.
'"EDUCATIONAL. x i
AMERICAN* School i for : Opera and Drama —
\u25a0 Places graduates -through; the Theatrical Ex-
i change ln Europe and. America; vocal (Italian
: method) ; - opera, drama, concert, . vaudeville,
, sketches, plays, songs and music written. .Tel.
'East 4-iCl.' Mme." Jenny AVard Hays, director;
-*- Mme.- Tregear,"- bus.'. manager. -1225 \u25a0 Geary \u25a0 st.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
i ; school V for • university," law.- medical . colleges ;
~; refs..:- Pres.'* Jordan •. or .- any • Stanford prof. ;
. ' summer session begins . June 5. Phelan bldg.
ALL who \ desire : good I positions I should attend
\u25a0 this ; college; we \u25a0\u25a0 have » had % 250 > : good places
since. March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
::>«•. fES; Mission st. • J
| BMSETING NOTICES — Continued. •
i ASYLUM o' Golden Gate Commandery. rf ± m
No. IU. K. T.. CCTi SuttfT Ft.— Stated |ri|
; assembly THIS EVENING at « lE3J
o'clock. All frators are courteously N^
incited. Dy ord«r of th» commander.
THEO. FKOLICH. Rocord>r.
MISSION Conimanderv No. 41. K. T. — H t m
Ptatfd assembly THIS (MONDAY) "Tom"
iiVk\lN<{ at S uVM Mission !j(jjj
\u25a0 Masonic Temple. Or.!*:' of Malta and ' w/
! drill. All frators cordially InvKed. By crder
! of tSie comm2ndtr.
JOrl.N" U. HILLMAN. Recorder.
SAN FnAXCISCU Chax-.t*r X«. I. Rov*l «
Arch Masons, r.ioets THIS EVENING. VV
Business anc tlc^ro.- lour. /\u25bc!
j H. F. PRINCE. Secretary.
i OCCIDENTAL Lrvig* No. 22. F. snl O
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING VV
i at S o'clock. Stated rheetlnff. /\u25bc'
i WALTER G. ANDERSON. Soc.
\u25a0 HERMANN' Lode* No. J27 K. an<l A. ®
i M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY YY
(MO.VUAV), Aucust 7. a: S o'clock /yf\
p. m. By order o* the \v. M.
j U SCHi MAuHKft. Secretary.
j THE regular monthly _-«(3ri«S ! Cw : Tr-^
meeting of tlir- ?rxWy ' J^2EsSK''*BJsj£xs^
A full attendance '.s re-
JOHN I. SPEAR, Sec.
ATTOnNEYS-AT-LAW.
A A— DIVORCE; costs, $12; quick, quiet: ad-
vice :rce; no charge unims ituccetitful; open
evenings: will*, dec-ds, lrases, bills of s«ale
anJ articles of co-pa%inei>hii>''c«reiully pre-
pared; bankruptcy, collection*, end probating
of e«ate*. !C7 Market *t.. room SOL
| AA— UIVOROE ooits $!^
i Quick. <ju!et; legal aJvlce free.
No chare** unlees successful.
I All law business.
Examiner building, rrifm "IC. third floor.
R. W. KING. Attorney -at-Lstw, Exam. bid)?.,
f-th floor, entrance room oil; -0
years: all cuurts. ceneral courts and office
practice; ro fte In «dvan>«> or fcr consnlta-
! tion: evenings by'sppointment. Tel. Red 3001J
l
! \V. MATTHEWS, attoin'y and cot:iiKPior at
law. 032 Market St.. rccm 2T>: 21 years' *x-
jjerKnce; all court*: generai court and ofrice
practice: consultation free. T»>l. Black 2.t32.
i ADVICE free; legal divorce costs $12; all law
ca»*s lmndl'd: no foe in advance; open Sat-
urday «?v»nir.gs: other fveninsa by appoint-
ment: '-all and save money. Sr.» Market, r. 33.
! ADVICE fiee : dlvorc* cost? $12: all cae»*
; probate and attachment suit* a spfrlaity;
open evenings. R. 465. Parrotr. b1d.,?5." Market
I ADVICE free: costs $2 to J'i; no :ee unl*ss sue- \u25a0
cek&ful: collections everywhere; «ny cas^- in
: any court. Law Inv. Co.. 44 Parrott hid*.
j L. S. CLARK. 027 Market, room 304, consul ta-
; tlon free: no fee In advance. Open evenings.
I WANT to exchar.Efl property In Oakland for ]
a flrst-class rasoline auto touring car; five
persons; side entrance: nothing but a flret-
clas.«. up-to-date machine will be consid-
ered. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway.
FOR sale^ — Two-cylinder light delivery car.
WALTER S. FRANCE. 20 Golden Gate aye.
A bargain — 1905 White touring car. practically
new. COS Van Ness aye.. nr. Golden Gate aye.
ASTHMA CUItE.
A. DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures; for sale
by all druggists; main depot 1002 Market st.
St. Nicholas Hotel; 10c. 25c. 50c package.
BOY. 14, wants board near school; plenty frech
milk; private family; Piedmont and B;rkeley
preferred; $12 a month. Box 8777. Call.
GERMAN lady will board 1 or 2 children; of-
ficial permit. 31t» Prospecc ay*., rear Cort-
land.
WANTED— A child to boara in private family.
1556 Hyde et.
• BICYCLES. I
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. 1526 Polk st.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
GROCERY end bar: prices $1300 to $3<XX>.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777^ Market st.
SALOONS, all prices— s7so to $5000.
Milk route, baker shops, repair shops, car-
penter shups, blacksmith shops, coal and
wood yards.
Oyster and chop houses, $175 to $1500.
Grocery, branch bakery and school sup-
plies. $350.
Stationery and notion \u25a0 stands; millinery,
good stand.
Candy, soda water and Ice cream, parlors.
Cigar stands, all kinds and prices.
Offices, houses, apartments, flats and tran-
sient.
Ranches, all kinds, with and without fruit.
Restaurants and delicatet-sen stands; all
prices.
$1700 — Up-to-date corner saloon. Kearny st.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777VJ Market gt.
A — CAMERON & CO. — Phone South 1030
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A—sBoooA — $8000 BUYS first-class coal, wood and ice
business: also electric plant for sawing wood;
located in fine bay town; equipped with
horses and wagons; doing good business;
clearing over $150 per month: established ten
ytars: owner has other business and cannot
devote his time to It. See CAMERON &. CO.
A— AN Investment of <M to $1000 will secure
the position of secretary and treasurer for
first-class corporation; salary $100 per
month; is well established; bank references.
See CAMERON &. CO.
A SNAP.
Being compelled to m"> F.a«t on urgent busi-
ness, will sell my restaurant at a sacrifice;
everything first class and up-to-dete: cheap
rent; seats 32; 3-year lease; nice trade; must
leave by August 10.. S. B. DOW, 1303H
Castro st. ;... ' ,r
WATCHES— SI down and $1 a week; any kind
of case or movement*. RALPH &. ED. 143
Powell St., upstairs."*' *
WATCHES, diamonds. Jewelry, silverware and
sealskins on small wetfcly or monthly pay-
ments. RALPH & ED. 143 Powell, upstairs.
fSSOO— 2I -ROOM hotel and bar' in Monterey
County, including pioi>C!ty of 200-foot front-
age on Ma.'v St., an<l all the Improvements
•vhlch <*ons;Bt of a IJvery stable, two bug-
gies, two wagons. Mai .horses, harness com-
plete, tiO tons of hay. 125 .Sack* crushed bar-
ley, 10 hogs. 2 covri, waterworks,- 8-room
; cottOK«. completely,, furnished, everything
flrst-clafs shape; receipts of hotel and bar
guaranteed to be not ,less..than $1000 per
month. Full particulars. R. E. CALLA-
HAN. ?0 Monteonu-ry st.
$300— PARTNER In a blacksmith shop across
the bay. Aolntt a goori 'rmslrf»«: a bargain.
RIORDAN & LESS. O.Ti Market St.. room 5.
MAN wanted, small capital, in'" commission
business; no experience nt-cessa-- RK/iiDAN
& LESS. 035 Market st,. room 5. \u25a0 . \u25a0
$1000 — CORNER saloon. *hr/"Mnrket, with liv-
ing rooms: cheap rent and long lease: ele-
gant fixtures and larr* stock. See this at
once. RIORDAN & LTTSSr 035" Market.- r." 5.
FOR sale — Owlr«f to th» concentration of my
theatrical interests will sell ono cf my beht
theatrical intercbts that . is,, making money
and will bear every investigation : with long j
lease and in a thriving city In the Interior;
capital required $5000 to trXOO; this is. an
exceptional opportunity for an energetic man.
Particular*. TONY LUBKLSKI. Fischer's
Tiicater. '
ON account of death o? rnvner a larre . cash }
grocery 6tore, established 20 years, with
daily sales averaging $200. is fcr sale. ch?ap;
«ale subject to confirmation of Superior
Court. Particulars at tlie store, 3207 Stock-
ton st. •'\u25a0
FOR sale — Whole or half. Interest; In | estab-
lished men's furnlshlns xoods acd tailoring
business; o.itral location; near Market st.,
S. F.: excellent opportunity for right party.
Addresg M. F. G.. box S33a. Call office.
TO leahe— a brick plant: 40.000 capacity daily
engine, boiler, crusher and every facility for
making first-claes brick: unlimited quantities
?L, C ,-, ay -, Apply DU - C - C - ODONNELL,
lC2m Market at.; teir~South"C22.' .
ON account of death of owner grocerystore at
5C3 Third st.. established 8 years, with good
iamily trade is for sale cheap. Particulars
12C7 Stockton st.; rent cheap.
A PARTNER wanted with $200 in a long es-
tabltshed centleel business; will pay \ $90
monthly to each; experience not necessary;'
short hoare. Call 1027 «4 Market st.. room 2.
A SNAP! ! » : , . ~~~
Good paying, wholesale jewelry Jobbing store
business for tale; price $4500. Box 8507. Call.
$7CO— FINE paying restaurant with liquor
house; good location; investigate." 318 James
Flood building.
GROCERY and liquor store for sale; store rent
$S: also chicken ranch; price $500 °S2l
I gt.. South San Francisco. :.!^*v
$375— RESTAURANT; receipts $13 daily; 9
tables, 40 chairs; all in ko.k! condition- rent
$20; good location. 1027 Market st- room. 2.
NJSXT to postofflce, bank, express . office—
Corner saloon \u2666" r»at. ' Address box 612
HolllsUr. CaL '
* ED UCATlOyA Jr^Contlitued^^^ _
A— CALDV/ELL ijollege of Oratory and Act-
ing; fall term begins Septtmber 4; day and
evening classes: positions guaranteed. Cata-
logue. -1205 Market st. \u25a0 \u25a0 j
A— METROPOLITAN liua. Col. : Cal. B. C »ta-
dents nlth us: stenographers trained: p«jsl-
tlons secured. »25 Golden Gate. V.'ebster & Co.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE has removed to larger quarters at IKk.
Market St.: best location ln city; catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. '-'4
•Post St.. S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus. -
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1.563: largest in the West: an-
nual enrollment 1C0O: send for circular.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.: est. ISS4. van
der Nalllen , School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
IRVING Institute School for Girls. 2126 Cal.
St. : fall term begins Monday. August », 19Q->-
WESTERN Bus. College. 1281 Market st:
thoroufih com, course by experts. Catalogue.
GIRLS and boys wanted: operatic and dmmat-
lc work. 1225 Geary St.: phone East 4481.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing: all branches. 1412 Polk st.. nr. Cal.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGITxf. SAKAUYK— Successor to George
Aoki. oldest and largest^ Japanese and Chinese
employment office. 421 Post st.: phone Bush
ISS: promptly furnishes all kinds of help.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. office fur-
nishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. SAIKI. 405 Post St.; tel. Jam's 501.
STAR Employment Office— Reliable Japanese
and Chines* help furnished with care. w.
KADOTA. 40!) Powell St.: tel. Main 175 L
A— OKPHEUM Employment Ofrice — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell at.: tel. Main 5752.
A— JAPANESE 70& Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
Finest Japanese help; house cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. KunJabe.*343 Mason: tel. Jam»s 5251.
AN old estab. (1S50) Chinese emp. office: C.
CHONG'S, removed to 518 Pine: tel.Grant 156.
H. W. HONG. 1113 Clay st.; Chinese employ-
ment office; be«t help. Tel. East 428.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furn-
ished: hous-> cleaning. 708 Taylor: James 7638
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 518 S.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted by elderly American wom-
an to do housework and cooking; good home
and $10 per month and car fare. MRS.
SMITH. 10C5 Market st. \u25a0 -
A RELIABLE young girl desires a situation
in a small family of adutts to do light house-
work and plain cooking; wages $15 a month
and Cir fare. Box SUOI. Call.
GERMAN lady, good Dlaln cook, wishes posi-
tion .as housekeeper; city or country. Call
between 2 and 4 p. m., 369 First st.. corner
of Harrison.. \u25a0
REFINED, experienced nurse wishes to care
for elderly lady or invalid; best references;
hours 1-2. Phone Fell 3134. -
CHAMBERMAID wishes position. Box 5752.
Call. - . -
DRESSMAKER — Ladles' Jacket suits made by
ladles', tailor: shtrtwalst suits. evening
gowns; designer, cutter, flrst-class fitter on
all work, done at home or engagements per
day; no sign. MISS BARSS. 1024 Mission st.
A YOUNG Norwegian woman wants a situa-
tion where she can learn to cook, .either in
boarding-house or private family; moderate
wages. expected, and eanltary sleeping-room;
no washing. Call or address 1345 Howard st.
WANTED — An American woman wishes a po-
sition as housekeeper in a family with small
1 children, or can also fulfill the position of
nurse. • Apply 574 Folsom «t.
A SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged wom-
an to do general housework; can -speak
no English. Please call at 322 Fremont st.
POSITION "as housekeeper or charge of hotel
linen room: no objection to country. Ad-
dress Housekeeper, 2416 Bu?h st.
NURSE wishes confinement case for August.
or Invalid to care for. Address MRS. I. B. (
1536 Hyde st.
REFINED 'Iady will care for children during
parents' absence; references given. L. H.,
421 Castro- M, • - - - ; . . ..
GIRL of 16 would like place' to assist with
housework: salary no object; wishes privi-
lege of attending school. Box 8494. Call.
GERMAN middle-aged lady wishes position as
housekeeper for elderly people; a home more
an object. Box 8453. Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants work by the day. or
will take work home; phone East 3589. 1605
Sacramento St.. bet. Polk and Larkln.
COMPETENT woman wants light housework
and plain cooking; $12 month. 17 Tehama
et.: city preferred.
GIRL. 16, wants position as sales lady in dry
gcods store. 733 Stevenson st.
COMPETENT laundress wishes work by the
day. Phone East ' 4s43. : i ••\u25a0?.'.-'
A SWEDISH girl wishes a place In Christian
family as cook: $30. Phone Howard 2033.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED-.MAIJB.
YOUNG Frenchman with experience wishes po-
sition in institution to take charge of the
laundry or the machinery. Address C. F.,
61S California st. . .
GARDENER.' competent 'In all branches.
greenhouses, lawn, orchard and vegetables.
wtshes steady, situation on private place;
: references. Box 8943," Call : office.
YOUNG man would like position; few hours'
work, mornings only. Address box 8815, CalL
TRAVELING position wanted by practical me-
chanical expert, where the highest skill and
the greatest Ingenuity is required; in any
line of machinery: or position as -foreman In
first-class machine shop.. Address box. 5923,
Call office.
ARTIST— Young man (22). with talent and
who has had 2 years' training ln an . art
school in Europe would like to learn a spe-
cial line; good at copying and enlarging;
willing to work hard. Box 8319. Call.
ENERGETIC, well educated man. 25. corre-
spondent, stenographer and ad writer; sev-
eral years' experience mall order business;
excellent references. Box 8729. Call office.
WANTED — Position by flrst-class wheelwright,
in or out of .the city; all kinds of work ln
thaf line. J. W. R.. 728 Washington St..
room 4.' '-*\u25a0 • '. \u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0
A SOBER, steady, industrious young man
would like work ln private place; under-
stands care- of. hones, cows and garden.
Box 831 ft. Call. \u25a0 .
CAPABLE bookkeeper and stenographer desires
permanent position; highest references; mar-
ried; age 32. Box 8507. Call office..
YOUNG married man, sober and honest, wants
work 'ln saloon or liquor store. - Address
box 8674. Call. , . :
AN experienced man wants position as hoisting
engineer, city or country. Address J. G.- H.,
781 Mission, st. :
POINTER- and decorator, young man (Swiss)
of 24. with 4 years' experience in New York,
wants work. Box 5321. Call.
: FRENCH - and Italian flrst-class cook wants
position ln private family; good references.
140*5 Duoont St.- \u25a0
BY" a strong, sober, steady young man. any
kind of work In city; references. Box 7745.
Call office. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' '\u25a0 '- \u25a0
WANTED— Painting, paperhanglng. tinting,
etc. ; strictly first-class at moderate prices.
Box 7808. Call office. .
ERRAND boy would like job. Box 8573, Call
office. . \u25a0 ' " ." -" ' \u25a0• •
ENGINEER with 10 years' experience; a good
machinist, rtesirea position. Box 7780. Call.
JAPANESE honest boy wants position to wait
at table; and do housework; has good refer-
ences. FRANK .ITO, 313 Sutter et-; phone
Black 4241. \u25a0
A JAPANESE flrst-class cook. wants a posi-
tion In- private family;. na» good references.
HIGASHI. 313 Sutter St.; phone 4241.
A .JAPANESE with long experience as cools
- wants . a . position as schoolboy; wages $:
and up a week. B. V.. 2316 California at.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position, city or
country, as plain cook. MIYAMOTO, 523
Stevenson et.; phone Mint 3241.
JAPANESE young boy wants position to do
housework" and wait at table in good family
E. X..' 248 Ellis st. ; phona Jessie £24.
JAPANESE would* like work of any kind for
half day. ' J. KAT0..343 Mason st.; phone
. James : 5251. - •\u25a0\u25a0..'- \u25a0 •
FIRST-CLASS Japanese- laundry man wishes
- position; speaks English. - J. HA YASHI. 3500
Twenty-third st.. 'San Francisco.
JAPANESE: excellent butler, wants position;
has best reference. FRANK NAOASAWA,
- 12 Qulncy,-«t. — -. - •- .—-'. — -' - -
JAPANESE 'boy wants position as waiter.
housework.*: help . cook. - T. M.. 467 Hayes st.
NO. 1 , Chinese ' flrst-class family cook in city.
Address SO" Washington «L
I- naomlnK-Houiei nnd Hotels for Sale.
MARION GRIFFIN;' / sr-"s r -"
MARION GRIFFIN.
. . MARION GRIFFIN.'
070 — Market — *St. — room— SOl — Eighth
floor — James — Flood — Building — °PP° s 'f. L *
"The — Emporium.". —^Phone — Ma ' n 'r;;vS«'
Modern — Business '--> Methods. — KOOMING
and -APARTMENT! — Houses. —'Abstracts
furnished. — All— 4 tltlss • — guaranteed.
Our — Ellis — St.:.— Entrance — la.
—Opposite — -._,.»
—THE — GOLDEN' — WEST — HOTLL—
— TAKE — THE —ELEVATOR—
i . Special. . -•
j j Owner ! under con-
tract to leave this cltyi
on \u25a0 important busl-j i
ness; must tell his &H
; | room corner house ; ,
! • Iclean ass a pin: full of;
! Iroomers; monthly,
i ; Ibankable profit $I^. !
MAKE
YOUR OWN I
OFFER:
| . -—To—.- i
! MARION- GRIFFIN.!
\u25a0 070: Market st. I
i; ! i
} :. j :
,$lOOO (first payment);
.secures splendid 38-j
room. ' i
FAMILY BOARDING
HOUSE. \u25a0 i
: IT'S A MANSION ! -
With EXTENSIVE,
GROUNDS filled with:
\u25a0shrubbery and flower- 1 l
ling plants. OAK and,
IMAHOGANY , furni-,
Iture - .-
\Vhat does the busi-
ness pay?
I The BANKABLE
PROFIT is J207 .
—each 30 days —
Isn't that good for \u25a0
. a little capital of
only 51C00?
Exclusively with
MARION GRIFFIN.I :
40 rooms.
Rent $140— (53% per
room):
NICE LOOKING |
CORNER house wlthj
many big, roomy bay-
windows.
Near SUTTER street.
East of Van Ness aye.
Worth $3000; will
positively accept any
offer down to $1400.
iGood manager should
clear $IGO to $200
(monthly.
IMARION GRIFFIN.I
I •
j .
J2.V rooms for $1100
((part cash and month-
ly installments). . .
—BRAND NEW-
FURNISHINGS.
MEN ROOMERS
v ONLY.
$3 per room rent.
• ~ — Lease -for 5 rooms —
Note. — This house
was furnished by .a
rich lady for 'ft 'friend
who cannot now take
' . charge Profit about
$SS monthly \u25a0 .Exclu-
. sively for sale by
MARION GRIFFIN,
SOl James Flood bldg.
« APARTMENT
. i,» HOUSE.
31 rooms laid out ln
3-room - apartments:
roomers take care of
their own rooms;
landlady cares for the
halls. . , I
]$1600 x PRICE $1600 .
Nicely located- on -
Jsunny -side, near Lar-
• fkln and Turk; 5 blocks;
(north of Market- st.j
|LOw RENT, ies3 than!
— $4Va' per room — ' ,:'
NICE class of QUIET.
PERMANENT room- :
ers. '\u25a0•\u25a0• ' ..-
MARION GRIFFIN,
070 Market st.,
Opp. ! --The - Emporium.
I OUR — —
jEllls-et. entrance is
OPPOSITE
The
GOLDEN WEST
I HOTEL.
— 222 rooms —
FINEST and best
apartment house of
222 rooms ln San
Francisco. - It is /
—MAGNIFICENT—
New and right up to
Money-making busi-
ness It could . not be
better located.
It caters to ' iIV ;.-
WEALTHY • PEOPLE
who want SWELL
APARTMENTS with
all the comforts of
home. EXACT BOOK
I ACCOUNTS are kept.
j which are open to
.bona-fldc. investiga-
tors. \u25a0' " ' \u25a0
PROFIT 1 $6000 to
$SOOO yearly.
. This house can only
be Inspected , by a
buyer who Is accom-
panied and vouched
for by • —
MARION "GRIFFIN,
. THE AGENT, .
• Room 801, ."
• James F lo °d Building.
—60 rooms— '
NEW and MODERN.
• Beautifully furnished.
5 YEARS'. LEASE. I
July Profit $108.
ELECTRICS \u25a0
ELEVATOR.
No convenience omit-
ted \u25a0 known to an up-
to-date architect. '
— See—
MARION; GRIFFIN,
—070 ' I Market
\u25a0 — \u25a0 — -10 brooms — — — :• .
$250 ! $250 '
— Rent $32
» ' Clears living for man :
and' wife."
A — clean — sunny — flat.
HIGHLY, i
•- • RESPECTABLE.
• " - —NOT
Large and - elaborate,
but a great bargain.
, \u25a0\u25a0*-\u25a0 —By— - '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0': \u25a0
MARION- GRIFFIN. " .
•< ,:._ 070 Market.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. r — -—Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels ana'
All Kinds of Business Chances. , ;
108 rooms; new, modern' building; most ele-
gantly turnlshcd: everything of the. best; ofrice
and cafe ou ground floor: there U nothing, bet-
ter ln ban ; 1- rancisco. either as money-mak'et
or quality of iunUshlnss; can be had very rea-
sonable on account of sickness; will take ranch
or house and lot in exchanse.
• 14 rooms downtown ; : flrst-class transient -lo-
cation; good furniture . . and carpets; ownei
? b J^ X !? ' : *° \} cave ' city ; price $450: ; will take
$200 down, balance long time.
. '65 rooms; -new. modern. -. downtown house;
cheap rent; long lease; well furnished; flrst-
ciasg condition; choice location and clears over
$250 per month; to be sold at big bargain.;
38 rooms,, beautifully furnished; well located
boarding-house;, rent ; only ,$200: all new. 0
months ago: this - : is > flrst-class proposition:
$1500 down, balance $50 per month; until paid.
18 rooms; finely located : good furniture ': and
carpets; Is paying well; -will exchange for- 10
or 12 room house in good condition. .
53 rooms;- very central- elegantly. furnished:
full first-class people; , and If conducted: as now
wlllbe guaranteed . to clear $300 per month. the
year round : • part . cash.-, balance time. • .
32 rooms;" elegant location for high class
boarding-house;, beautifully;, furnished; will
either sell' the \ furniture ; and -equipments -or
lease same to responsible party; fine opportuni-
ty : for some : one. \u25a0 .. '\u25a0'.:\u25a0 \u25a0",' \u25a0\u25a0— - •- \u25a0 . ;
•18 rooms; fine location; on Bush st. ; oak fur-
__ _. i
SOUS I). srUECKKLS Proprietor
A'drets. Ccituncslc-tluns t»
JOHN McNAUGHT Manager
U. J. MARTl jT^.^Bnsiucss Manager
TELEPHONE.
A^ ror THU CALK. H:* up.ratrr Win Con-
nect You With ihe Deicrwro'i i -v « lv
ruoilciition CllW Market and Third. S. f. <
EC.tcrul Uooms 217 to 221 Stevenson *v j
r>e!;\ertd by Carriers, 2© C'». Her ' vv C*' k ' * 3 i
. Ct*. IVr Mouth. S'.nsle CofWs 5 '-'>*\u25a0 . '
Terc. by -Ma:!. Incl&mg Postage iCstU \U fc j
\u25a0DAILY CAM. (.ntSud. Su»«*VK 1 • vcar -'V?S :
71AILY CALL <:m-lud. Su;iday>. 0 rr.os... -i.wj ,
DAIT.Y CALX.— Cy fclncl- MonU i» S I
BUNPAY CALL. 1 Year --" :
FOREIGN- /**gg,i>:S:S r^r Ye.r Extra
POSTAGE, ixvrokl'y 1"0 P«r Y< » r t:xt: * •
ALL PWI-MASTERS AUK AITHOK'.EU <
TO EXCKIVE 6UBSCBIPTIOXS.
ts:rr'« C<it-t will !>e forwarded when re- j
ASTU ULU ADDRCS£ » «^«^.»_ i *^ * re !
\u25a0(Vest,
OAXJJL2CD OFFICE:
lu;6 E^oadw.r Te'.epho:^ Ma.a 10S^
ALAMKUA OFFICE: -,
H35 X'irk S:r£t. Ncs: Santa '.lara A\«n«. ;
i'l.-^ne Aaraeda TwU. :
BETIKCLETX OFFICE:
SIIS Oerur fir^ei TeiepUon* North 77
WASHINGTON CoRrIESrONDENT.
JAMEs 6. XVLEH lJ««l J «« Building
NEU- YORK NEWS STANDS:
nuldcrf -Astoria Hotel; A. Vr n a-'i SI I
Vr.ion Square; Murray Hilt H^el: Kl.t.i- avenue
Hoiei H'>ft"man Uous-e.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fchersian Hcure: )'. < "'. N>ws Co.: Ore-«t
Not them Howl: Tremont H^use: AuJi.or.um
Hoil; Palmer Ilouse.
CHICAGO REPRESKNTATIVE:
C. CEOKtiU KROGNESS. Msrquette Buiidins j
tl-Kiij Hc.jiiic itit-jmone. • t.tuiral 2tiia.";
NEW YORK RETRESENTATIVE:
erill-HCS B. hMITH ao Tnbur.e V\i Ming |
NEW YOflK CORRESPONDENT: \
C C. CARLTON Herald Square!
EUSINEtS OFFICE of the San FranciscJ Call, j
«.-orn<! Market and Third ttreets; open until I
12 o'clock e\ery uipht in the year:
BRANCH OFFICE*:
lOCS Market tticil, opi«..bite Fifth; open until
11 p m.
tw> Montgomery aye.: ope" until 9 p. -ji.
SOU H»vce fireet; open until a-.au p. m.
63!« McAUi>ter ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
6J5 I.srkin street; ope-u until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; optn until 10 p. m.
100 El«.\ciuh ttreet; open until a p. m.
10J10 Valencia ttrert; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corr.er Church and Duncan streets;
o^en until U p. m.
22U0 Fillmore street; oper until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVIAG TOWS
VOll THE SUMMER.
CALL aubacrlbers oontemplatlns a
change of residence during the suinnter
tnuntbk can hive their paper forwarded
b>- mail to their new address by noiif y-
Ine THU CALL. Bunlness Office. Tola
paper vtlll also be on Kale at all summer
reports and la represented by- a local
afreet fn all totrns on the coast.
i MEETING NOTICES.
ICOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
PANY — A special meeting ot the stockholders
cl tbe Southern Pacific Railroad Company
wl!l be held at the olnc«: ur tbe company, fn
room iziti. ln the Merchants* Exchange
building, in the city and county o( San
Frsncitco, in the State of California, ths
tame being the principal place of business
of tald corporation, and Delng the buildlcs
where the board of directors of said corporu-
ticn ucually meet, on the L'Sth day of August.
lOCS, at the hour of 12 o'clock noou, to con-
sider and act upon the propositions:
Firct. to increase the capital stock of said
, corporation to one hundred and sixty million
dollars (tKSG.OOO.OOO). and for that purpose to
amend article VI of the articles of Incorpora-
tion and consolidation of the company to
lead as follow* :
"Tbe amount of the capital stock of said
ccrporiUloE ti.ai; be one hundred and sixty
trillion dollars (tlCO.GOO.OuO), divided ir.Vo
cne zsillion six hundred thousand (1,600.000)
thareb of the par value or one hundred dol-
lars <$100> each, which said amount of capi-
ta] tto< k does not exceed the amcunt actually
required fur the purposes of the said corpora-
tion, and is the amount actually required
and ascertained to be necessary for construct-
ing, completing, equipping, operating and
taaintaiuicg its road, and is &o estimated by
competent engineers, aB wUI appe ar by the
wr;tt«i estimate of such engineers, duly
ttgned by them, and filed ln the office _nd
principal place of bueinees aforesaid of bald
corporation."
And to amend paragraph third cf article
Xll of the said articles to read as follows:
"The number of directors of said con-
solidated corporation shall be eleven (11)
and the cinount of the capital stock ot said
corporation shaii be one hundred and sixty
inllllcti dollars (flCO.UOC.OOO). which tald
arooust of capita! stock is tbe amount ac-
tually required for the purposes of said cor-
poration, aad is the amount actually re-
quired and ascertained to b« necessary for
eoa*tructlng. completing, equipping, operat-
ing and rr.rlrrtatr.ir.K its road, and U »o
estimated by competent engineers as will
appear by the aforesaid written es'tlmate o'
taid engineers, duly signed by them and en
61e as aforesaid. Said capital stock of said
corporation ehall be divided into one miiiion
six hundred „ thousand <1.600.000) thares
of the par value of one hundred dollars
<»100) each, of which said shares of "aid
capital ctock the following have been sub-
scribed by and allotted to the ttockhold^rl
cf tald constituent corporations, as h^rMn
atter »et forth, to wit:" ' ** nemu-
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad r«™
psny. incorporated. -organized and erl.tin*
vcoer the la-*., of the State of CaiiTorni.
and to it« thsrebolders, one iniliton ..?h
fourteen thousand two hundred a™ £tty-4ne
\u25a0fcinrS" oo r bua<Jre<Jtll « <1.W4.2« «M©oJ
"To the Southern PaciHc Railrcsd Com
psny. tocorporated. organized and °xisft?c
ucler the U»« cf thr Terrltor>- of ArtrH.
asd to its etockholdere. one hundred anJ
Clae «»«-««"« fifty
"To the Southern Paciflc Rs-i.« * ~.
\u0084any of Ne«- Mexico, incorporfte'i 1^L SSJ
sres cxisui.g under th* law 8 O f tha %ft, zti
cf New Mexico, and to it, • itockhnM 101 "*'
tlxty-tlght tbcwiand eight bun^r * P Wer *'
*l*n:y -tight itii.6iB) tharfs" fiuadr «<l *ad
"Tne wrveral ttbckho!<lcr« of \u0084^». ,
ronktltuect corpornuens thaij t±v. i. i^" 1
them by tht M y consolidated viv 'i" ue< l to
paid up shares <Jt the capital I 011
tcnsolidated corporation out O f °L the
thertof subscribe* . by and eijotti 6 * har «»
ttockholders of .th«.r reapecUv^ *° th * i
ccrpcrttioii. to" tbY :ik e fSfount C^^ ltae , nt
•ellir. at their par value with th, r , for
• I the .hares hel.l by auch ttt S'J** rmXat
their re lt >ccti%-t constituent O>rV^raMnn*» ln
Thereafter anfl <m*rv*qiy. to .--?.» °^
«d indebted aeti.cf i*ld corporation *.„ v"
tmcuol in the asßregat- cf Jci tfin^ ? tt «
f.xty tnllliou <l^l«rs <*100,000 (Sn? , d * nd
coin of the V'nlUd States (a portion i a ' ola
Is to be used in-- retiring exittini If*, al , cl >
trbtcdaefE), und'to Increase the k? sed5 ed ln *
dtbtedness of said ciTporauon S? DD V d ln "
aanouM in the aggregate of one huM the
»ixty taillion dollsrs <$ICO,O»Xi 00(,f , red and
coin cf the United -States, and 'JoT' i?
»sld proposed bonded indebteJ^pV-" 1^ lhe
lr.ort£2i;e upon th* railroad.-, franrhi y *
property cf tbecowpany now owned o^hff 4
•.Jtrr ectjulred. snd the income th«. 2 ? ere "
.ucli pert tbertof^s.* may be p r e,^f,tf'; f
Xtt mortgage: snd to determine the frrm 2
terms of said bond* and mortiiW .^-. iuid
euthorlze the .Board of Director! to* ta £ fall
kucb action at tbey may deem nece«K=vt
txpediknt in the premises. ne ces»ary Of
Dated the 2btbjjay of June. 10M.
By order of. the Board of Directors
J. L. WILLCUTT
Secretary et : the v pouthern Pacific Rali'ma/i
Ccojpaay.-. *»*»iroaa
N. T. SMITH. "
'"E. E. CALVI.v
WILLIAM 11000
t J,\V. HELLMAhf Jr
JAMES K. "WILSON
J." M. HAICFORD * *
PETER F. DUNNE.
tJAL WILLCUTT
FRANK D. KING,
'._ CHAS. P. LINCOLN.
OT L. KING
Directors cf ea!<s- Southern Pacific Railroad
Company..,,? *\
ANNUAL MEKTISO— The Risdon Iron and
I Locomotive ••WorkV- ; -The annual meeting of
the stockholders . *f- the Ri«don Iron and Lo-
comotive Works or the election of trustees
Jor the ensulns^j-.ear and the transaction of
euch other business as may be brought before
the meeting. will be held at tbe office of the
company. 29S Steuart St.. San Francisco, on
MONDAY. th«"7th day of August. 1905. at 11
o'clock a. va. 1 * AUGUSTUS TAYLOR, fiec-
! EMPLOY3IENT WANTED — 3JALE— Coa
CHINESE excellent cock wishes position, ho-
tel, restaurant, boarding-house; meat and
pastry coui;: good references: satisfaction.
1113 Clay St.. upsuirs; tel. DiacK 3653.
CHARLKY WILLMUN.
GOOD Chinese family <.oot wa:!ta place: $10
week. Address WING «"HVNU L(TNG Jt
CO.. CIO Dupont st.: phone China 171,
FINANCIAL.
WATER frant property — ISOxTCO fett. with
depth of water at pier Hue 12 feet it lovr
tide, and is betn^ deepened: price $55 p*r it.
Here is » sn«id site for a manufacturing
plant or lumber yard. V». rJ. BEKXJia-.
470 Tenth st.. Oakland.
AAA— NOTICE.
REALTY SYNDICATE.
Hereafter ail unmatured certlflcatep will be
<a»h«d upon demand at 512 Call buiMing.
CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN cer-
tirii-nte* purchased lor cash. G. O. SHAD-
BURXE JR.. Call bulMin.'t. _____^
1 WANT to Interest some one in manufactur-
ing a patent article: ready for market;
oplendld chance. Box 7730. Call office.
REALTY SYNDICATE certincates bought, spot
raah. JOHN COOP. 17 Kremont st.
REALTY Syndicate Certificates purchased:
top prices. W. L. HARPER. Crocker bldg.
FLATS TO I.XT.
~~~ AAAA
Every desirable vacant dwelling Is listed la
our renting department. Combined . lists from
25 of the largest agencies, oaves a world of
time and trouble.
Service is absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
nUU STERLING e FURNITURE COMPANY.
1039 Market St.. opposite McAllister.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS apartment and rooming houses: our
rentlns department is free U> all; we can
find you a home in any part of the city:
ask for no payment other than your good
will: we do not ask you to buy or even loolt
at the goods: use this department freely:
you arc more than welcome.
CORDE3 FURNITURE CO.. 2*5-259 Geary
at. ion the square).
$20 AND $22 50 — 5 and 6 rooms; new flats:
all modern Improvements: birdseye maple
parlors and mantels; large porcelain bath:
electric bells and gas lights; all rooms tint-
ed- Coso aye., corner Precita aye., ICK> feet
from Mlsslon-st. cars; Mission warm belt.
Inquire S. DUCAS CO.. Chronicle building.
owners.
LANGTON 30 and 43 — 1 rooms and bath. $20.
41 Langton— s rms. and bath. $22 50, nr. 7tH
and Howard 14 and 18 Landers — Upper and
lower flats, fix to suit tenant. 713 Harrison.
nr. 3d — * rms.. $13: ashes and water free.
A DELIGHTFUL corner flat, nearly new. 4
rooms, basement, etc.: every room sunny;
rent reasonable; half block from Market st.
3047 17th St.; take Castro or 18th st. car.
ELSIE St.. orf Cortland aye.— Nice, sunny
flat, 5 rooms, bath, gas, stationary washtub;
everything convenient; $19. Call 334 Wal-
ler, near Webster. -
THE only new, modern, downtown flat of (J
rooms and bath. Apply on premlsra. 127S
Folsom. near Ninth st. : rent $05.
ELEGANT apartments — Four rooms and bath,
each; rent *20. Franklin st.. bet. Filbert and
Greenwich. \u25a0 ,
LANGTON. 2S0 — »-room flat: $10. Key at 918
Bryant St.. grocery.
NOE. lC5tJ — New flat; modern improvements;,
near 24th and Castro oars; « rooms.
MODERN flats. 1333-1937 O'Farrell St.; « and T
rooms, bath, bavrnent. yard: rent reasonable.
$25 — 6 LARGE, sunny rooms, newly tinted.
282 Carl st., near Stanyan.
$22 50 — MOST beautiful corner flat. 7 rooms;
ln Noe Valley, corner 2tfth and Castro sts.
LOMBARD. 605 — Modern 5-rooni sunny Cat;
one block from Hyde st. cars; $20.
BUCHANAN. Sl2l-2r> — Two upper 5-6 rooms
ana bath flats. $20. $21. Apply store.
$17— FLAT. 4 rocms. bath; large yard. Key
7!1 Treat aye. . v*-
SUNNY middle flat of 4 rooms, bath and yard.
32 Shotwell St.. near Fourteenth: 52i>.
ATTRACTIVE, sunny, modern vat: *2i>: 3
rooms end bath. 3:14 Cumberland, nr. Church
VALENCIA. 542. near Sixteenth — Upper flat, «
rooms, bath: rent $25; no children.
MINNA.' 9O6. off Tenth — Upper fUt. 5 roomi
and bath: Key at 128 »£ Tenth st.
NATOMA. 714 — A flat of .4 sunny rooms: largo
yard; $14.
LAUREL aye.. 240. near Van Ness^ — Modern,
sunny. 4-room flat, with bath.
$1«< — FRANKFURT aye.. o<T Thirteenth, near
Howard — Sunny flat, 5 rooms and .bath.
ARMY, between Church and Dolores^ — Fonr-
room. new. modern, sunny Cat.
FIVE rooms, bath, sun all day; clean. BS7
Cap?, near Twenty-fourth.
FOUR and five rms. ; bath: up to date; sun
every rm.: $25-$27 50. 641-43 Central aye.
HOWARD. 1150 A — Four sunny rooms; rent
cheap. ,
HOWARD. 2609-2615 A, near 22nd — Modern up-
per and lower sunny flats. 6-7 rm.; $22 50-S2O.
LAGUNA. 3021 — Sunny flat of 8 rooms and
bath: rent only $20. -
MODERN sunny flat. 7 rooms; rent $30; re-
duced from $37 50. -IS6B .McAllister st.
TEHAMA. 3C6 — Nice sunny upper 4-room
flat; bath.
FOUR rooms and bath. 221 Laurel aye., be-
tween Turk and Eddy sts.. og Van Ness.
SACRAMENTO. 1363— Three-room flat; gas,
large yard; rent $10l .
NICE corner flat: 3 rooms and bath. 1003 Ma-
son st.. near Sacramento.
A BEAUTIFULLY furnished modern Cat toe
light housekeeping: strictly private. 2329
Market St.. near Church.
$10 — NEATLY furnished ernnay floor. 3 room*.
etc. 1 Webster place, oft Webster. beC
Jackscn and Pacific sts.
$17 — NEATLY furnished flat; laundry; sic*
garden. 11 to 4. 11S8 Noe st. ,
EDDY. IS35 — Furnished flat; 7 rooms aad bath:
rent $43.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed storage, pip
anos A Furn. Wbitehead's Storage. 1838 MaW I
WANTED.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
st.. bet. 9th and 10th. paying big mosey tor
furniture, etc Phone South 179.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc 752 Mission; teLßush 813.
2. ABE LEVY. 1133 Market St.. phone Jessie
761. pays cash and buys everything.-
HELP WANTED — F^ W A *r WU
A — TEN' waitresses for first-class hotel la dtyj
$23 each; four good second girls. $25 each;
2 waitresses, also a housemaid, for a young
ladles' school. $25 .each; a French or Germaa
cook, small family. $40; a nurse for aa In-
fant. $30; a cook for 13 men on a ranch. $&>;
ten good housework girls. $30. $25 and $2fX
MISS PLUNKETT. 423 Sutter st. near
Powell.
GIRLS to learn halrdresstng.' manicuring, mas-
sage, etc.. from A to Z in 1 mo. for $3 to
those entering now; 7 positions to nil guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evening
class. College. 234 Post et.. room 17. 2d floor.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery for fall;. 2
seasons from start to finish in 1 mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
now for Aug. positions. 5ch001. 234 Post. r. 18.
WOMEN and girls wanted Immediately: also
experienced canners: steady work and high-
est pay. Apply CALIFORNIA CANNERIE3
CO.. 423 Bran nan st.. bet. Third and Fourth.
A— WANTED, girl to assist in housework snd
care of 4-year-old girl; two adults tn family:
pleasant room; no washing or cooking: can
l^» y Fefl U st lay " Phon< * *"**• 4251 : address
GERMAN girl or middle-aged woman to help
with scenTai housework and two children.
Call at .~>Qtiß Valencia st.
AA— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 638
Mission st.. third floor.
AA— OPERATORS on ladies' waists. 636 Mls-
sion - st.. third floor. .
FIRST-CLASS trousers finisher; steady work:
good wages. Box 5763. Call pfflce.
GOOD restaurant waitress. 7 Taylor st^
wages »S a. week: or* day off. . /*/ *
c ff£hc°n r . ."Eg vsgrff ana to
_^2^%S^%^^^
E TO E? T^S «SP O ?=RATORS AND . GIRL 3
TO .LEARN. STA\D\Bn iFirnvtnf
COR. GOUGH A.VO CROvKt-T W>RT *THE SAN -FRANCISCO "CALL, MONDAY; "AUGUST 7, 1905;
9
MONEY TO LOAN.^ _^
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY . (1nc>-
....... '..A NT AMOUNT TO L0AN.. .......
....INTEREST 5 ! /i AND « PERCENT....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTHT
.-.......;.,... property. .:.:..-.. ..•.\u25a0.-..
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, ea-
' tates tii probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate \u25a0 realty kins, stocks and bands,
legacies -and undivided 'interests in- property
•purchased. \u25a0 ..-. „ — -- .*.--
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
Suite 107-IUS Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5824.
r r. aicCoLGAN. • . •-^ - v V> v i -t"
Rooms 301 and SO2 Hearst building.
. • Third, floor, - Examiner entrance.' •
Deal directly with lender and aav« expen»*/
Loans any amount at s^i andtf per "cent
On first, tecond and third mortgages.
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE."
.. Undivided interests In estate and property.
Money advanced to prevent foreclosure,
NO DELAY.'
J none -Main 5516. . ;
AA— I MONEY TO LOAN '
On furniture. - plants, warehouse receipts or
security of any kind." without removal: we
make loans cn.llie -EASIEST PL.\N In the
WORLD:, payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE: In ease of SICKNESS or los» of
EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND THE LOANS;
you tske no chance of LOSING your GOODS.
This is a TRUST COMPANY; our rates ar»
BIGHT and no DESERVING PERSON is re-
fused: CASH ArTVANCFS made to salaried
•people. LINCOLN FINANCE CO.. rooms 13-
\u25a0l6. 758 -Market Ft,, opp. I'helan. building.
AAA— HERMAN ".MUItPHY. '. . '~~F~'
. ; 601-602-RO3 Examiner bulldlnr.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses' by dealing directly.
Estates. eecond mortgages, \u25a0 undivided Inter-
ests, a^Elgnpients.of rentsi property in trust.
*tc. ; legacies., life estates and undivided "in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
1 When You Need -Money"
Set HERMAN MURPjHY. - <
WILL -LOAN...
A reasonable amount on
... -Ist, 2d or-8d
• Blortgages on real estate.
In city, town, or country. '•: .
Low -rate of Interest.
Give fall particulars \u25a0 ' •'
• cf property, "
Location,"' etc. \u25a0 ."
' Bex 22?». Call Office.
HIGHLY if spectable private place to obtain
liberal advances, on diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
- 1178 Market st... tel. Main 1644, ; Br*nch. U93
-Market -»t.- and 27 Third at.-. , .
SALARY LOANS— ; . •.; "
Money loaned salaried people without security
or' mdorf ement. knowledge .of employer or
any one: confidential ar.d courteous treatment:
rail and get terms. Drake. 453 Fa rrott bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-bouses, without
security: easy payment*: large business in 40
principal cities. -TOLMAN-. 553 Parrott bids.
A>fY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security: lowest
rates: no commission; confidential. SCB-7
Donohue. bldg.. .8 Taylor St.. corner Marktt.
MONEY 'loaned" on collateral and can be paid
In small weekly or monthly Instalments at
low rates of Interest. RALPH & ED.,; 143
Powell St., upatalrs. \u25a0 '. ' .v
A^-Lowest rates on real estate.lst or 2nd mort- 1
.g:ag<?s life Insurance, or on any .security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 30 Geary, room 36.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest ;
rate of Interest and square deal. Old .'Flood
.b1d...509 Market, cor. 4th. suite 1; est. 1838.
ALVA CO. (The) loans money to salaried people
\u25a0without security; good term*- and easy pajr-
mentt: al»o on other security. 507 Flood bldg.
MONEY -to loan at a low rate of Interest": gold,
silver, diamonds pearls and \u25a0 precious stones
- bought, at W. J.'HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth sU,
LOANS on diamond*, watcht* and jewelry;
..private offices. 400-401 Adams building. 200
Kearny st. Gltbe Mercantile and Loan' Co.
SALAItIED people without security: also on
1 furn., eitatss in probate, life ins. policies, etc.
. Empire Loan A Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg
WE loan on. property. 65 to SO. per cent on valu-
ation. If you need money see us. . 1
McGARVIE A CO.. 720 Market st.
MONEY. 'Money. Money. • i
' Any proposition. 4.'» 2d st.. Wejis-Fargo- Ex-
press bids. ' Wage Earners' Invi. -& Loan Co.
A — ONE per cent per' month .on valuables.
PORTLAND JEWKLRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
ANY- amount ' real estate or other security;
fIOO up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
LOANS— Salaried people; "confidential*' ; 2 per
cent: chattels.' etc. . 153 Montgomery, r, 518.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you. set
u§. Hutton- Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bid.
TO talarleii people without security. The Whits
Co.. .420 California tt,'. rooms 14 and 18.
ALL loan? on' diamonds «c jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indoryer. \u25a0• MORBELL 6ffl Examiner b'.dg.
_BIUSEUais. ' ' A" ;
DR. LIEBIO STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved, to 1023 Market st.; near. Sixth. \u25a0 ' '
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO let — Suitable - for* wholesale business store.
-Apply -Eiffel Tower, 800 -Montgomery st. •
- I'ERSONALS.
• '-•' "BE SURE YOU READ" ',* •
• • IN LAST "SUNDAY'S" CALL • .•-.
"HEXRADIO'S" LONG LIST of- patients
(with ADIJKESSES) "succcsstully" treated
for total DEAFNESS, NEURALGIA,- PA-
JRALYSIS. CANCER, LAMENESS, DEAF-
MUTEISM, HHEUMATISM.. SCIATICA.' and
"INTERVIEW" them and BE "CON-
VINCED" there i» HOPE FOR "YOU."
"REXRADIO'S" references (cured'patlents) In-
clude laany FOREMOST citizens. :
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O" (last week) quickly mad*
my 25 yt-ars totally dtaf ear hear at a dis-
tance; 12 specialists had declared me Incur-
able, but Kcx'railio routed my deafness In
.short urdcr. Ol&son,' 23.Stcuart st. ,f . .
"REXRADIO'S? (first) treatment, instantly,
completely cured my agonizing neuralgia. —
• ; "Proprietor." New Arlington -Hotel. * •
"REXRADIO'S", one. treatment enabled m» to
use ami raise PARALYZED arm naturally.
' Broker, Olnee UOB Adams building. >- ;.
"REXRAUIO" Instantly made my totally
Oflaf car hear s -. "WHISPER. tWr. Rpblnaon.
208 Kearny. -. . .'... :
"REXRADIO'S" (druglesa) process has-cured
' "all"-,kluds ot alleged '"incurable", diseases.
"REXRADIO" ?ivea con»unation, examina-
tion; diagnosis.. FREE. • .
•\u25a0 • "NONK .NEED D'E-S-P-A-I-R". • *
HOPE FOR SUPPOSED I-N-CU-R-A-B-L-E-3
"REXRAUIO," the world's' ONLY' and phe-
nomenal h'd ; RApiUM hcjtler: houVs 2 to 0.
SCO Kearny. suite 2. etc. '\u25a0 ' t :
. '.' IIERVEILLEAUX. ' ~"
Superfluous hair ' permanently removed by
my newest Parisian -, remedy. • . I \u25a0 preiiare -a
wlen title treatment; fpr each -Individual -case
specially; no tlectrlc needle, no Injury. to the
skin, no Daln.' no acltls.
MERVEILLEAUX CO.,
• P.O.'Uox 82W. 'San Francisco. '
LADIES, attf ßtion—^l^vo cotnpettnt ladiei",
-pupils- of DeUarte -and \u25a0 Mme.v. Priest, . will
take a limited number Qf ladhs, wishing to
re-due* their. auperTiuous flesh; lull Informa-
tion. ' Call 1225 " Geary ?t., first .'floor, of
\u25a0 phone. East -44U1. - .. . '"-. ... .-. •. .
Al l«ss than cflst: uncalled for suit*, over-
coats and trousers at CHARLE3' LYONS'
, Tx>r.d on Tailor. 721 Market st.-* J \u25a0-;\u25a0 '•-.
STAR hair mmedy. ' tculc. restores \u25a0 colcr. " cures
ilandruff. £top» falling: druggists, bairdrejs-
er». Star Remedy Co.. S2l- Pclk' St. . ' - \u25a0
NOTHING down, 51 a week tp keep ;.w»ll
:- dresned. •; Peerless. Talkirini? Co.. £il Post st.
8 BRAND now \u25a0.taller-made: men's suits.' wist
te.V'tor yi^.V-HO Bush, nr. CaH^ornlH H->t*l: -
50 ASSORTED rouvenlr portal cards pr<paid
\u25a0 »'g. BACIGALfPI.'7Sr. Mistien »t.
$1 A WEEK: sulis to. order $15 up, LEMOS.
:1 J 27 Market * St.. .'.t^-twijtn Seventh A;EUhth.
MaSQUEHADK costumeji. play books. -wlks.
rciif»rv nriiera." GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 733 -Mkt.'
; husinkss PERsoivAiis. : ; ' .
.RISMOVATJ-^Tha "Golden" West Broom ' Factory
v has moved from G3t), Clay .et. ; tp 723 .teams
' ' street.- above .Kearny. .'.«'..- . •:••-;".-
> PHYSICIANS -AXp SURGEONS. .
REMOVED— -DR. ..WONG HIM; h*rl> doctor,
treats.- all'dlseases -of '\u25a0 the. human -body; - for
past;f«-.ur y*ar9 at-115-117 Mason St.", now lo-
cated at 'C67' Geary, st:.* "near. Leaven worth..-!!
WONG , WOp.? tbe .f*mciis .h?-rb d'cr'tor-'AJrdli'-
'-J. eases 'cured >by '\u25a0 Chingse lierb? . \u25a0 740-S Clay gt.
-.- :'2__- :-';-:.^Mi,ES'cyßEpl.i' : -\u25a0*':; r ';[\u25a0\u25a0
PILES. FIiSTULA.v etc.— qured to-gtay; cured:
humane cure; no knifes danger. or hi nd-
•*; ranee! to busJnes3:7e<3o; cured uwhy. not:you?
no" salv I *. 'proposition: i Investigate. ".THOMAS
].' KISNER,' M. D.: Columbian* bldg.; 8/ F.v .
.— ..-„,.- ..'.--.• -.---, *••>-•»\u25a0 »•*—\u25a0-•.*•\u25a0\u25a0-*-.;.-
HORSES AND WAGONS. I
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys and harness. LEIBOLD HARNESS CO*.
2l'l Lark'.u lit, Sail Francisco. -
SECOND-HAND. 2-seated Fraxier cart ; panel
top wagon. O'Brien & Son Bike Buggy and
Rubber Tire Co.. 500 Uoldun Gate aye.
TOP wagon, suitable for laundry or any kind
of delivery; also fine business buggy, cheap.
523 Fulton 6t. .
AUCTION sals of horses, wagons and harness
: every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.V
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gecart - for gale, cheap. SS2 ' Mission st.
I N V EST^H^TSC.
wIiATris"THE^SIATTER WITH THE TONO-
• PAH BERKELEY STOCK?
It is all right. See
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
Suite 574-S7C-S7B James Flood Building.
' ONLY -25,000 SHARES
OF THIS STOCK WILL BE ! OFFERED -
ON THESE TERMS:
We *re making you a spiendid offer.' whioh
will be good for 00 days rrom July 01. 190.*>.
W« cannot eee'any reason -why you should
not hold one or two thousand shares of Co-
lonial Gold Mining stpek, which we 'will sell
on the Installment plan. • I
For instance, 100 shares, $Q cash. $5 In 30
days and $5 In CO days.- Five -hundred
shares. $25 cash. $15 in 30 days, $15 In 60
days, $15 in t)0 days, and $10 in 120 days.
Call or write for maps, circulars, etc.
Do this to-day — not to-morrow; to-morrow
may never come.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO.,
Eulte 874-S7B-878, James . Flood Building,
San Francisco, .' Cal.
$500 TO $12,5C0 Interest paying water bonds
at S per cent dis.: fine lnv't. Box 7734. Call.
INVAIID 'chairs....
\u25a0---»-•-'\u25a0--\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0-" \u25a0-\u25a0-
SOLD rented, exchanged; manufacturer of tha
Earries tricycle chair. 201S Mkt.: teLPark 775.
LOST '"AND'- 'FOUND. '
LOST— A passbook' with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
' name ot CLIFFORD A. ONTHANK, Nu.
2St-lf»50. Tha finder will please return to ;
bank. ' . . j
'$50 Rr.WAKL) tor- one white and black spot- :
ted hound, lost June \u25a00. between Cloverdale
and Boonville. . • "G. W. M." tattooed In one
tar Address SID GOSHONG. Cloverdale.
Cal. \u25a0 .' \u25a0 " '' ' \u25a0 "
LOST— GoId watch, I-ick '<17 fob. beach, b«t.
Boulevard station and Sutro bath; reward.
W. K. RANDALL. 410 Devlsadero st.
LOST— A light bay horse: blind in left eye;
brand' J 2 on*' side. Finder address JOE
SOITO. Hay wards. Cal. t
LOST — VloUt breastpin,', diamond center; suit-
able reward. ' "Cajia Lorn*." 001 Pine st.
LOST — Cor. 4th and Market, charm: on back Is
name J. M.-X. Please return tl 4th; reward.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL 7 LAUNCII' CO.';' foot or Clay
Ft., for pleasure and business; tel. Bush- 53 1.
..'MEDICAL.''.'''
MRS. DR. WYETH. . specialist for all female
complaints ami irregularities: instant jellef
guaranteed: 30 "years" experience. 044 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable M>eetallst for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities ; 'Instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5. Sunday
10 to 2. 100SV4- Market, st.. opposite Fifth.
WOMEN'S diseases and irregularities cured In
24 hours; 10 years' experience. without a /all-
ure; no trifling:- strictly private; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvestei's office, 1200 Market.
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment; reliable,
cafe, prompt," for female'' lrregularities; relief
or no fee: $10: hrs. 0-8. 850 Mkt. St.. suite 37
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. — Office and residence
1021 Vi Market bt.. bet. Cth and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWVKR,. MIA Leaveoworth at.,
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 697.
DR. and MRS. DAVJES and Hindo Herbs;
original method of treatment. . :i 126 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st.. corner
Tw«nty-»lxth: ladies.' relief- nr no fee: $10.
BIISCKLLANEOUS— "FP R SALE.
SECOND-HAND water .p,ipea '.that will stand
pressure In lengths of irpia 12 to 20 feet,
with all couplings (new) and.recut threads,
covered with paraffine paint, ready to use.
1 In., 3'/ic ft.; Hi in., «c ft.; 2 In., Sc ft.
2>» in.. 10q ft.; 3 tn.,12M(0 It.: B>/a in., 150 ft.
4 In., 10c per ft.;' 5 in., -24c ft.; 0 In., 30c ft.
' To avoid unnecessary correspondence we
will tay Hint this is all right and guaran-
teed; send money by Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Express or mall order. . \u25a0
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY COMPANY.
\u25a0 Office. -130- Beale- St.. SJ F. *
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pum;*,
pulleys, shaUlng, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rent*d atsd exchanged; sic Sunday papers.
H.-S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 13U-ITJ Beale st.
PIGEONiS. 40 pairs Plymouth Rock squabs;
extra mated : Homers; '...mating positively
guaranteed pcrroanent: our young stock ready
to. take their ijiae.es tor squab breeding — so
we sell $2 Oy value for $1 75; other pigeons;
runt-homer crp«s«a, Dutchesse. white com-
mons, etc.; inatlnb's ..-all guaranteed: no
guesswork. Further particulars -by address-
Ing Suburban Hlgfon Lofts, .office 101 Val-
tejo st.. San Francisco. .
BOILEKS, ensin«s. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TUSH.& WOLPMAN. ICD-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New • and second-hand- billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying modern bar fix-
tures; ch««i> prices. BRUNBWICK-HALKE-
COLLENDEn. -C 25 Mission St., S. F.
LARGEST stock in city;- second-hand belting,
also planlne mill machinery.-' «ngines. boilers
nnd electrical machinery, JOHNSON &
HORAN. VO2 Third st. \u25a0'
ALL kinds of sreond-hand' machinery, boilers,
eiigines. shifting and pulleys bought and
sold. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 005 Market st.;
t'hone .gouth 87.. " - -
A— BUYS, bells, mid rents gear, machinery, en-
Binf*. bt,ller«, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc..' WHITELAW..S3B Main at.
OWING to business reverse I am unable to
pay balance of SU>O 011 ?500 piano; must g«ll
or lose all. Box 8640, Call office.
A — GENT'S, full dress suits . to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton *(\u0084 second floor.
$2liji — FOOT roll top desks for eale, cheap at
factory. ' ClO Klfth tit. - .......
•PUNCHING bag Ftand. brass, nickel finish:
cost $40; raaka offer. -.7. Grant aye., room 2.
10.UCQ-GALLON tank gas engine; over .1500
f»»t of pipe: 3 sizes. Box «aSfl, Call.
SCHOOL books - bouttht and exchanged.
KING'S Old Book Store.' 'il McAllister st.
MII.KS of pipo and flttiriKs,: all slres. cheap.
• gyOENE RILEY--& SONS. 100 Vallejo St.
A VRRY fine -25-stone -'la-dy'i diamond studded
Jacket nt a. bargain. 10 tjlxtli st. : '.:
ALL k:n<ls camp' furniture rented. RO3B-
McMAHON CO., 35 Market St.
TWO merry- go-rounas; one miniature railway.
BACIOALUPI. PO5 Kealny st.
HIGH «rr«de 2d-hand. office »afe>and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO., 216 California.
SAPEtf— .New anl second-hand, THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.". 41727 Sacramento st.
2D-HAND bldg.' material; lumber, door. cash,
plumb., material. The Dolan Co., 1C0" Market.
! MOVlNG 'Pictures, magic «lHnternf=, sale, rental:
bargains! BULLARD & BRECK. l.tl Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents', cast-
off clothing. Tvl. Davla 925. f.50 Sacramento.
WILIi* pay - hlghekt'prlcis; for'all kinds good
caitQff - clgthlng,. 922: F0150m; '• tel. Jegsie 41H.
DIAMONDS, etc., bought for ; cash. Karl Eber
&>Cq.. ;4t'ti-40| Adams 1 bldg.; 2i;tt Kearny Ht.
BUILDINGS and building material bought. The
Polan Co.; .1 COT 'Market at.; phone Jew.le 2021.
•'- '•'\MVSICJAL^INSTRUMENTS. \u25a0'- >j:h
BEST reiuTng etock in tho city;. good uprights
nt |2 per mo.: some at $2 50: our own make,
$:{•• one .'year's 'rental \u25a0 allowed, off purchase
price. SCOTT-CURTAZ,' BCO Hayes st.
A l*.Vl.'QE l stock of pianos; all .mor*
or less- ueetl;- prices. StioUD. f. BENJAMIN
CCKTAX k 6QN.;IC O;Farrell St.: . Chlcker- '
Jilpg;pcef";y- ..:":- : \u25a0 " \u25a0-\u25a0'-\u25a0•'\u25a0..\u25a0'\u25a0••'-'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0•""'.''?\u25a0\u25a0.
OWING w business reverses 1 am ' unable to
pay bslance of fIOO onssoo piano; must sell
or: lose \u25a0 all. 'Box 5647.' Ca11. • - \u25a0:....
MAHOQANY, ,- upright, 'i. psrlor>' grand piano:
\u25a0 good as- new;- must be sold this .week.-. <BS4"
/.. Valencia.- \u25a0 -. ,: : :'\u25a0 --.'. : -: ' .. . ?• \u25a0. \u0084-.:.-u-' ;\u25a0=\u25a0
ALMOST given away ;. unredeemed storage pl-
anoii. r furn. t ..Whltehead'g storage. , lUotf .Mkt.
1 SOHMI3R Byron* Mauzy pianos,'- Ceclllan piano'
! "player. ' BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright^ pianos. sold"on*Js monthly ,pay-
\u25a0-. merits: :?SCHMITZ ft. CO.'.-; 16 McAllister. Bt.;.\
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand.
Bhonlnger little used.- Keefte's, v 255 O'Farrell.-
;-.-;-•* •-•» -.-4. i \u25a0••\u25a0 . •» - - :\u25a0 . ~ \u25a0 , ;•...<\u25a0>\u25a0\u25a0,.;>>«:
REAIi ESTATE — COUVTRY — For Sale.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
Successors .to
' -; WHITE &. BAYLEY. ' "*.
$1600 — 23 acre.;, .; miles 'Z towns. Sonoma
County: 13 acre-j. almost level: 10 on hillside^
fine ca!£ trees; 2 wells; creek; nne soil; 2 acres
orchard: - modern 0-room cottage, larga barn-VV
S poultry houses 2nd yard 3; brooder-nous* v-
fenced 4 n?l(!.-: cow, farming toots; alt build-
ings and utensils new: all cash. ...
ilTo'.: — 10 acrts^nsar Sebastopol In berries'*
ami fruit; house, barn, outbuildings; clas-»,
to electric c^rs; only- $730 down. - *-
$2CO down — 160 acres. 2 mites Anderson;"
mam road; fine soil." rolling: some oaks; fruit
trws: old improvements; 5-sCO. - >.\u25a0•.
$3C00— 3 acres. 21) • minutes' walk of depot.
Redwood. City; good tt-room house, brooder-
house, capacity 1000; incubator bouses; good'
well: 3 acres orchard: easy terms. .: .- >3
$3500— Fin* curner at Callstcga; level black
loam. : 4 acres; modem 6-room and bata r«sl«I
dence, stable, corrals, poultry houses and
yards; Bank of Callstoga offers to lend $23C0>?
$3500 — 80 acres. «> miles city; 1« acres full
bearins vineyard; 3 acres choice fruit; 33 acresl
ht-avy crop grain; 4-rocm cottage, large bami^
fu:^ of hay; poultry and brooder houses;T
-vagon. buggy, harness, span good horses,*
tocts: all level; crop goes if taken quick.
$4300—114 acr»* near San Jose, foothill land:
fine soil large family orchard: all In fine, crop
of grain": house, barn and necessary outbaild-
Ings- -water piped to buildings; only $SCO down^
you pay for.niakinz out the papers.
$43f>0— J73 acr*s, 3 miles ot Haywards: rollrj
Ing and half under cultivation: neat 6-roorh
house- larze bayn: \u25a0 well fenced and cross-
fsneed: water piped to buildings; near school;;,
part cash. ": \u25a0 ' - »
$33, COO —Best equipped dairy tn Oregon: *OCO.
acrea fin» soil; ICO acres bottom In alfajia;.'
every foot grain land: 4 acres orchard; 2 hard
finished dwellings: Ursa stable for horses:
barn and sheds fcr cattle; several hundred,
tons hay 118 fine milch cows. 33 heifers, etc. ;*
14 horses and harness, farm wagons, milk
wagons, tools: Income $14,000 a rear; $10,000,
down; 2 miles of town.
S«nd stamp for larga Printed List.
2tJ Montgomery st., room 8.
Property Exchange- a Specialty.
FORCED SALE.
SNAP THIS UP QUICK.
$1550 cash takes 60 acres rich land In tnei
Pajaro Valley; mostly level. 13 acres bearing
apples. 1 acre grapes. 2 acres potatoes. S
acres corn, 8 acres h3y, 8 acres timber: • run-
ninar creek; good houaa and outbuildings- : 2.
1 hor&es. cowa. pigs, chickens, wagon, mowing
' machine, hay rake, plows, cultivator, harness
; and many other Implements* all Included: 1
mile from town; price only $,TCOO. BURR-
PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery St.. San -Fran-*
Cisco. . - .-\u25a0 - ' _•_
FREE— BEST CATALOGUE OF POULTRY.
FRUIT. ALFALFA. DAIRY AND STOCK
RANCHES. BURR-PADDON C 0.. -40 Mont-
gomery at.. San Francl3co. Cal.
FOR hotel sanitarium or beautiful home. My
homo reserve and Chlttenden Sulphur- Spring j.
at Chittenden. Santa Cms Co.. Cal. Only
great group of medicinal sulphur springs
easily accessible frcm S. F. Trains stop at
Chlttenden station within 300 feet of springs.
Fine climate, beautiful scenery, best part of
*v3tatP. $BCOO worth. of improvements, all naw.
Great water rtsht.: fine water system, beau-
tifully landscaped grounds, every conveni-
ence; 38 acres choicest soil; a grand p!ac»
and a sreat opportunity to make money.
Price $ltf.ooO. very easy terms. Owner. T,
CHITTENDEN. Cfclttenden. Cat."-- - *:
NAPA VALLEY — 47 acres of the finest land;
all level; creek running water through tha
land: good well; windmill, tankhouse. 2000r.
gallon tank; 8 acre*. In good bearins vine-
yard: 6 acres in young-, vines, first year crop;
family orchard: balance- in grain. . al'alJa
and corn: farminff Implements and cooper-
age: good 9- room hons«, stable, barn, horses^-
cows, chickens, wagons, bugsy. et« JO-
SEPH STRAUB, 650- Market at.. 9. F.
BARGAIN FOR SALE BY OWNER.
$15.04)0 — Th 9 finest dairy ranch in Califor-
nia: 12C0 acres rich level land In . Santa Clara
Valley: all good for alfalfa: Improvements cost
more than the price asked: ever' Cowing
stream. Box 8603. Call office. \u25a0\u25a0
500 FAMILIES are uniting to buy and occupy
10.0 CO acres of Irrigated land; you get tha
land at first cost: write to-day for free book--
let or call and see us. Homeseekers' Club,
rooms 1247-1219, James Flood building. San
Francisco. \u25a0 .
FOR sale — Chicken ranch. 0 acres: houses. In-
cubators etc.: near large town; also $7000
beautiful country home In San Rafael; large-
house: 2% acres land: bearing: fruit trees;
rear depot. U. S. TURLEY. 708 Fourth St..
San Rafael. ' . ~ -\u25a0
CALIFORNIA land; alfalfa, corn, fruit. Tines,
grain stock, suburban; moderate terms: cata-
logues fre*. C.- M. "VTooater Co.. 64S Market.
A 7E«' fine fruit . farms: for sale In -Western
Ponoma County. •" Write KETCHUM &
PROCTOR. Occidental. Cal.
FOR farms, stock- ranches, orchards and- vine-
yard lands.' call, or send for catalOßU*.
- ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California at-
WE lead them all for poultry ranches- Batch*l-
o.r A Starke, Penngrove. Sonoma County. Cal. -
ALA3IE D A ADTEET y S^ ? TS
ALA3IED ; AII^\I^EjCTAra
NEW modern cottage, h rooms; lance lot; $100
cash. $25 per month. Owner- 1343 Park; st.
ai«v3h:da cottages to ivet. *
ALAMEDA — For rent. 5- room cottage, 5 rooms
and bath: $14; furniture nearly, new; $100.
1015 Railroad aye.
BEEKELEYADVERT^NTS
BERKELEY FLATS TO I^ET. -
$I** FLAT of 3 rooms and bath; fuel gas;
electricity. 2C2S Woolsey. South Berkeley.
niaiKELEYROOMSIiV^AATED^^
WANTED— Housekeeping rooms In Berkeley.
Address box 5517. Call office. ...•-.
FRUITYxVLE ADY ? T ? S3INTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. /^
FINE corner Tot: Fruitvale. 130x110;. \u25a0 fruit
trees and berries; alt kinds; near school and
cars; fine -view and health location. - Corner
Chicago aye._ and Prospect st. '
OAKLAND ADYEETWTS
_ -. r; . ' '
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKUXD BEAL ESTATK
GEO. W. AUSTIN. \
10U2 Broadway. • '
Oakland. . ...
$2230— Sea this fine- new bungalow of 5 rooms
» and bath; modern: all latest Improve-
ments; lot 83x110; near San Pablo aye.
and local train;- easy terms. "f. :
$ISOO— Lot 40x140; within 100 feet of .Tele-
graph .aye. and close to Sycamore ad
- .street work all done.
$1650— 4-room cottage on north side of street;
chlcken-housea: fruit trees • In bearing:
' larse lot.. 100x125; between Oakland and
' Berkeley " and two blocks to car line;* 9*»
this at onca 1f you want a snap.
GEO. W. AUSTIN. -
1002 Broadway. Oakland. "'
TWO cottagc-s. 5 rooms each; lot 58x90.;: con-
venient to local station: $32C0 for both. A.
J. TAIT. 152tt Soventh st.. Center station.
OAKLA"XI> ROOMS TO LET.
FIFTEENTH. 615 — Lower floor 3 or 4 fur-
nished rooms; separate entrance; central;
also one single -to* large room. -. -
CHERRY. 4824. Oakland— Sunny room.'. ..":
TWELFTH. ICSS>. Oakland — Furnished rooms
, to let. : - :-..'.:.'.
OAKLAXD FURNITURE FOB BAIE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnltur*.
H. Schellhaas. 11th st. cor, store; Oaklaad.
San Francisco AdTertVenta
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG. "
BRYANT. 421— Two sifnny rooms nlceiy fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $15; gaa.
BRYANT. 1101. cor 9ta — Two nice front cor-
ner rooms. furnlsa«a for housekeepg; cheap.
CENTRAL- aye., 722. near McAllister— Three
large, sunny rooms, turntshed: housekeep-
ing: reasonable.
CLAY. 1328. near Jones— Residence, furnished
apartment*, housekeeping, 2 rooms, front
alcove parlor and others. $2O to $25; lower
parlor.'- piano. $14. - \u25a0 \u25a0'
EDDY 833 — Two large furnished •or unfur-
nished rooms; \u25a0 conveniences; private resl-
: dence: central- ' •'-•-."'
El LI-« 011— Krcnt. bay-window suite. Jnicejy
_torn.'. running water;. bath: quiet; reasonable
EBSEX.'U. bet. Ist and 2J,"off Folsom— Thr»i
sunny" furn. bouseki»(?plr.'s rooms; gas.: bat'-'.
Continued : on Pasre Tea* -.
REAL ESTATE — CITV— FCR^SALE^
- ;
J. W.. LAYMANCE. 633 Market »w
J v" $10 CASH. BALANCE $5 MONTHiiT. \u25a0
.; no interest!
.^ ' NO TAXES.
'. " TITLE PERFECT— GUARANTEED. .
: .TITLE PERFECT— GUARANTEED.
' IN BEAUTIFUL BERKELEY.
This offer Is made to close up . partnership
I in ninety lots. - \u25a0
''"•"." \u25a0 \u25a0
These- magnificently located lots ready to
build upon. Possession gtv«n at once. Only
45 • minutes to ' San Francisco; '-"0-mlnute s«r-
viee: fare 6o each way : station on the ground:
surrounded by nice houses; opposite the im-
mense Pacific Coast Lumber and Furniture
Company, also other manufacturing estab:ish-
ro«nts giving -employment to hundreds of peo-
ple. ; "
Every lot will doubla m value bafor* paid for.
Nothing can stop It; they are located in the
growing section.
There- are some very cholca lots. First come.
Remember you only have $3 per month t»
pay. No more: no less: no Interest: no taxes.
you save from $50 to $75 per lot tn interesrand
taxes alone on every lot you buy upon theaa
terms. '.y '\u25a0»*. - : ." '£+'\u25a0
The regular cash prlee of the lots Is" $250
each; I sell them at the same price upon these
terms.
In the town of Berkeley, one of the most
prosperous and growing cities around th» bay;
every man should own hia horn*. to-be inde-
pendent of rent 4ay. to be better off. than SO
p;r cent of the- people you know; real estate Is
'safer than a bank; without an exceotion the
men who have b-corae wealthy have made it
lnreal estate: land in this sectton will double,
nothing can stop. lt; Carnegie says that mora
large fortunes have been made In real estate
values than from all -sources combined; secure
a catalogue of unsold lots; select choice loca-
tion at once. 'i^: ,->-.- i»:
j! W. - LAYMANCE, SOLE AGENT,
632 Market st.. room 10.
~*\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
545.000. V - ]
FOR a few days only. . ',
An opportunity to purchase
A choice piece of business property
On a busy thoroughfare
One block from Kearny st.
Pays.' ?25p per month.
A. J. RICH . & • CO.,
112 Mont-ornery. «t.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
713 Jam«B Flood Bl<i?.. Powell and Market.
\u25a0 . . , \u25a0 '. , • FOR SALIC.
N»w 6 flats. 953 Page St.. Scott ' and De-
vlsadero;. price $16,000; Income 5156 50 per
mo.; terms $50CO' cash. . balance at 0 per cent.
New 7-room residence.', elegantly finished.
Iff! 7th aye.. bet. H snd I sts.. • Parnassus
Heights; price $6000; terms $1000 cash, bal-
ance at 6 per cent. ;.
Two new flats. 's nnd.6 room", 1278 7th
aye ," bet.' H and I Ms., Parnaoaus- Heiarhts;
price $700Q; terms ?1500 cash, balance 6 per
cent. '"..*'.\u25a0'.;
S«« ' the Building Construction Company If
you Inten4 to do any Installment building. We
furnUh free plans or bid on yours.
BUY ONE BEFORE
THEY- ADVANCE IN PRICE.
-$t 23 TER WEEK.
—NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
v $**25 for ofcalce lots. Excelsior, Homestead
Tract; level :as . a billiard table: on grads;
c ; wt to «chool and Mlsslan-su electric can;
pound to double • In ' value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month;
no uxtsr.nno .lots; near Ocean boulevard: best
residence location south of Golden Gate Park;
these are the- cheapest \u25a0 lots in this district;
advancing in price rapidly.
: rW.'J. WHITE COMPANY.
2fl:Mnntsomery-st.'.-r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
WATER FRONT MANUFACTURING SITE—
On Oakland harbor. feet deep by 4G3 feet
front on ship channel, with 18 feot of water;
.solid land rtady ior occupancy; short dli-
- tance to railroad station;- ample supply of
pure water obtainable by artesian well; price
iIW) per:front foot en channel; terms If de-
sired* valid, title:' will -tell as whole or In
two parcels; nothing else' equally desirable
or. available obtainable at such price; adjoins
site recently purchased by Union Gas Engine
Co. t>~n which extensive, works and lmprove-
" rtjentsare-.to belmmedlnttly erected. \u25a0 E. C.
SESSIONS & CO.. 421 Tenth st.. Oakland.
CALL or wnd for. our list of e!ty property;
also have a ' selected list of homes In Berk-
eley. 1 Oakland and. AUmeda. ROTHERMEL
& CO.rBQT Caltfornia st. ' .
COTTAGES, 4 and 5. rooms: terms same as
rent. '" 'Apply owner. ••• lumber j-ard corner
Army and . Condon st». ; - • - £.
DON'T build before investigating Marshall A
• Stf-arn*' patent : fixtures for apartments ; and
roitac«»s Arpru*cn 1. 1 d?.. 81 Third st. ••-
$IS.COO-^FINE-6-room .house, storeroom. laun-
ury. . basement; lot 34:4fcxl 27 :SU- 220 C
_ Jackson; st.'.' from 2 to- 5 p. m. " -
SPECIAI^— 2 1 modern flat* In Western Addl-
ticn: must sell. Call 3.C Hyde il
ONE block from Ocean Uoulevard on 4Sth aye. ;
fiSccfllent txillcllng lot: .bargain. Box Sfiffl>. Call
$4M*^- FINE I home. -of ,S ' rooms, t block I frcm
.park:a bargain. /Apply. 1410 Halght'st.»-t.
FKKE— Our booklet on ' plumblnt: write AHL.
BACH & MAYKR plUrabe.-a-S.-M Howard st.
\ iM SAUSAJOTO; REAL ESTATE^ V't
I. HAVE 'some "desirable. property for sale In
Sausslito; both ,; Improved * and \u25a0 unimproved:
cash or terms. -See W.- 11. ATKINSONVroom
U>. Chronicle bulldiny. V.-'- '>
'\*~»X :*-""\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0*; T';BXChajvc;eu \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 -
;FOR - Mil« = or • exchange" for "city, property-r-tMO
:• acres unimproved land .In ; Kern County; also
40 acres of' gold" bearing gravel mine In Am-
i ador. County. , .Apply JOHN OCHSNER. 112
Beulah st. - .' I'M-HJUjUJMHII.
........ .
HELP WASTED- FEMALE— Continued
"WANTED — a competent head trimmer and
workroom manager, who has had Uepart-
r.x-nt ttore experience;' those who have not
\u2666erved in like capacity need not apply. Write
with full particulars to O. a. HALE & CO., i
San Jose.
"Vv" ANTED — Young women who are experienced
<Sry goo<J6 wrappers. Apply between » and 11
a. m. at HALE EROS.'
YOUNG women to learn ttie dry goods busi-
ness wanted. Apply b»rw«n 0 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.'
EXPERIENCED salesladies wanted. Apply be-
twf<-n 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WOMEN and Firls wanted; also cannere;
steady guaranteed for balance of the
erascn on pears, peaches and tomatoes. Ap-
P'-y immediately. California Preserving Co.'s
Factory, Beach and Dupont ets.. at North
Beech seawall.
AN enjoyable, profitable outing; pick hops In
August; special rate tickets now ready:
come early as only a limited number can
be *eld. E. CLEMENS HORST CO. 122
Battery et.
HOP pickers wanted: best accommodations;
earliest picking: families preferred. For par-
ticulars call from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.. room
17. SIS California et.
\u25a0LADIES, earn about 10c per hour doing fancy
work home during spare tlm«; easy, rapid
and fascinating. Call 9 to 5, 1544 Market
St.. opposite Seventh.
AN experienced teacher cf art needlework for
fancy work department In large retail store;
one competent in lace making and embrold-
ery. Afldregs bex S&S4, CalL
FIRBT-CLAES salesUdy ror shirtwaist and
Infants' wear deDartment. Only those with
experience n**d apply. Box 6018, Call of-
flce. Oakland. •
MILLINERY taught 1 mo. for 55: learn now
for Aug. potitions: cits. Guaranteed; eve.
school only-- 254 Post St., room 16.
WANTED — ICO "experlenoea girls to face dried
fruits at Guggenhlme &, Co.'s Packing House,
Front uoA Filbert tt».
RELIABLE woman who knows something of
business Ufa wanted for a permanent pcsl-
tion cfferlng advancement. Box 8458. Call.
WAITRESSES desiring good positions will call
at ence: ateady potitions awaiting them.
Room BIS, James Flood building.
WANTED— Woman to <3o plain cooking, small
boerding-house. cor. Seventh and Railroad
>ye.. • Alaroefla, '
"WAITRESSES desiring good positions will call
at once; steady positions awaiting them.
Room SIS, James Flood bulldlnc.
RELIABLE girl for general housework and
cocking; 9 until 12 a. m. ; references. 2139
PaciSe aye.
WANTED— FIrtt-class girl for general house-
work (4 adulte); must be a good cook. 1040
Sunvrnlt tt.. cor. Prospect. Oakland.
EEWING machine operators on overalls: bo
experience necessary. LEV! STRAUES A
CO.. £2H Fremont et. MR. DAVIS.
AA— IRONERS on lades' and. children's wear.
656 Mission «t.. third floor.
BOOK folders wanted: experienced hands at
Mclntyre'e blnfiery. 424 Eansom* et.
'WANTED — Young girl for general housework;
need net ci>ok. 1831 Eddy st.
"WASHWOMAN T.anttd. 2Q2 Jessie st.
WANTED— Teacher for district school. 51S
Parrott bldg.. San Fr&ncipco.
GIRLS wanted. COLUMBIA LAUNDRY CO..
1925 .Bryant St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Millinery apprentices. Apply be-
tween » and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young girl fcr housekeeping. Box
£475. Call ojfi.ee.
WANTED — A washerwoman Z days a week.
1510 Kentucky et.
,
FA NTS operator. 121 New Montgomery st.,
room o.
WANTED — F:rsi-c'.aj;s ttarch ircner. Stan-
ford Laundry. Palo Alio. «New owners.)
WANTED — A tailore&E. 112 gutter- at.
n AH BERS— Employnent and Supplies.
4-CHAIR barber shop, elegantly furnished and
fiift-claps f-i^sr stand; a!i night trade; for
f-a;e: l"*t location; I'^ng lease; at great saerl-
fio-: <iwner has other burinefs to look after.
'OLEMAN. 511 Jame* Fljod building.
BARBERS. TAKE NOTICE-
Special m*et:rig Monday. August 7. Adop-
tion of by-laws. All must b» present. $1
One fcr n^n-etten^anco. JOS. R. BLEILY.
BARBER shoys. city and country: have «everul
lCQUirles for fair paying fheps; only those
tiiat can stan-i Invettlgarion may apply to
. IX STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
ONE-CHAin. barber shop for sale; average in-
com« $95 per month. A. HOPTNER. Au-
burn. Cal.
BARBER; must be flirt class and of good ap-
pearance. 643 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS barber; steady employment;
only A 1 need apply. 240J5 California st.
WANTTiD — Good porter for barber shop. 21.4
Fill mort st.
WANTED — At once, a good barber; rteady
Job. Apply at Ashby station. Berkeley.
TWO barber shops for tale; business block:
low rent. Inquire £61 CeEtro et. •.:'..-;
BARBER shop for eale; going East. 030^
Howard «. -
HELP WAJVTED — 3IALE.
AT HORD & SMITH'S. 741 Mission st., nr. Gd,
and €26 Washington St., near Kearny.
Nev&fla To-day — E. P. Company Work.
40 Laborers — Go To-day.
Hazen. Nevada — Track Work.
Free Fare— Free Fare.
Long job. 50c fare.
Good Camp — Go To-day.
$2 50 and $2 25, teamsters; no dircount.
Camp blacksmith, $3 and board.
S2 50. good ehovelere: 20 miles out.
Young m&n. 1 -horse driver. $£5 and. found.
Wagon teamstere. company, $2 25.
Bricklayers, company work.
Laborers. $2 25.
Laborers, north. $2 50.
Drillers, couth, $2 25.
Bough carpenters. f3.
$5. rough carpenters.
Bri<!ge carpenters, $3 to $3 SO.
S. P. Company; carpenters; to-day.
«-' . Remember — Nevada — To-day.
lW ? Tree Fare.;.\ -'v V.-U
~ . '
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOY-
MENT AGENCY.
635 Washington- et. Phone James 3301.
SPECIAL. . .
Man and w'ft. Placer County, wife to cook,
man to do laboring work. $JCJ; Al place.
Call to-<iay b<t. lo snd 12-
FREE KARII.
Laborer*. Solanu County. Stf'J, bot» here.
DRILLERS.
50 exillcrs, open t-ut to bu'.ld road to mines,
Alameda County. « 25 day; long Job.
ANOTHER SPECIAL.
5 labcrer*. placer mine. SC4 fd.: any good
rran with a shovel can do the work; I<>
laborer*, targe nsine company, south. $40
fd.; part fare raid; steady work; 3 wagon
jetmMfTs. grading camp. I&c fare. $2 25
Cay; 3 labcrfrs. same place, $60. - f .;
THIS IS GOOD.
6 labcrers. rock quarrj'. ?S7 fin, 15e fare;
milker*, south. 25 cows, $35 and found.
PAt"IFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY,
C 35 Washington *t.
A— AMERICAN
'EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
C42— COMMERCIAL 5T.— 642 •
PHONE BUSH 833. NEAR KEARNY ST.
FREE FARE.
25 LABORERS, rteady work. $60.
NORTH.
NO DISCOUNT— NO CONTRACT— NO DA-
GOEF.
GIGANTIC NEW ELECTRIC POWER
PLANT.
MENDOnNO CO. FARE REFUNDED.
C 5 LABOP.ERE. 4 years' Job. $45 to $00 fd.
SPECIAL— CHEAP FARE TO-DAY.
l«j carpenters, NORTH. $97 50 to $105.
5 bridge <-ai Peters; TRACTION ENGIN-
EER. S3 day fd.; 10 laborers, help carprn-
te7«- 10 MEN TO HOE BFUNS. $20 fd.;
calf'earlr: V fare: 75 DRILLERS. $2 25 to
$2 7S; we want thousands of sawmill,
woodsmen, minors, farwre. fruit picker*,
la^r'ri; teamfters: 2 WAITERS. CAMP;
DISHWASHER, nme camp. $30 fd. ; fare
refunded : 10 caokn and waiters.
AVDRE'6 OFFICE. 317 Stockton ft.
v.'alter. " country restaurant. ; $40; *\u25a0»!?«'£.
rity $9 a week: cook, boarding hou*e. $40:
b-oiler $e0: driver express wagon. $25 and
found 'vegetable man, $$ a week: dtehwasher.
*7 week no Sundsy work;- dishwasher. $00;
potwasher for family hotel, $25: pantry man
for resort $30; dishwasher, country. $20; bed-
trtfcer. J9 a week: young man as porter, res-
tawrgr.t. $25. l " -•'- "-'"' "
A PANTRYMAN fcr a fir«-f!af« hotel; steady
pla*"*-: **° MIES PLUNKETT, 428 Sutter
et.. near .'Powell. •' "
feOUGH c*rj*ntfr or man handy with too!i>;
few days* work. 23£0 Market Bt ;.
HELP WANTED — MALE — Contluned.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
Phone Main 5848.
OFFICE HOURS. 7 A. M. TO 10 P. M.
This new system gives employers a- chance
to j,.Viune us until 10 p. m.
Likewise -V
. All can call after their day's work.
Our Own Printing
Plant lesut-s our free list of positions .
- four times daily — 7 a. m., 10 .
- a, m.. lp, m., i p. m. . t
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION.
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP DO AS OTHERS DO.
SEND- YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY, 634-ti3« Clay St..
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Phone Main 5848.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE: THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
'\v> gave in l£>o4 - \u25a0•-: IHOS we hope to
64.000 men work. • Increase 04.000.
We do not- supply female help, but we do
rupply men anil wives for all classes of work.
• WE SPEAK THE
German, French, Italian, Portuguese, Span-
ish. Slavonian, Scandinavian and Greek
languages.
FREE FARE— GOING SOUTH-S. P. R. R.
FREE FARE— GOING NORTH— S. P. R. R.
FREE FARE— GOING EAST— S. P. R. R.
IST LA BORERS.
GREAT CROWDS AR£ GOING— ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY. CT4-ft?G Clay St.
ARE YOU PORTLAND. sr>s WOODSMEN.
GOING? OREGON. 635 MILL-MEN.
$60 month. fO7 50 month.
- MURRAY & READY. C?4-eS6 Cay Et.
CENTER OF FRUIT DISTRICTS.
. F-iIEE FARE.
r>s general men, you can do it, $60 month.
Manager will arrive at our ofrtce Monday,
7 a. in.
MURRAY & READY. G^-KM Cay st
ARE YOU A DRILLER?
25 men, opeu cut -work, it's steady. $67 60.
Fare fl. Fee $1— That's all.
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Cay st.
OAKLAND— OAKLAND— OAKLAND.
15 laborers for a special steady Job. $00.
Manager at our oiTice. Office fee $1.
MURRAY & READY. l>:4-''.3« Cay st.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA-
SPECIAL R. R. KARE $2 75.
25 teamsters <can drive 2 hnrses), $G7 60.
He Is here, general manager, see him.
MURRAY & READY. <i34-C3g Cay st.
MECHANICAL
IS BRICKLAYERS
for Seattle; your .1 are paid; usual wagrs.
Chipper, foundry, tare S3. mine. $«7 &0.
Blacksmith, structural worli. No. 1 Jol». .
Blacksmith or a woodworker, fare JZ 00.
•Jd blacksmiths, norseshoers, etc., $4, $3 50,
?3, £2 SO day. \u25a0 \u25a0 <
Blacktmith, machinist. Government Job. $i 5
end found. .
2."S slack coopers, f4O and found.
Sealer, lumber company, $75; offbearer.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
15 handy men or rough /"»7«5 t « B v 00 * l |^*
ruer and hatchet men will do. fare $-J 80. *dv.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
IS carpenters, '2 year?" work, rough -worK.
$105 month.
NEVADA STATE. .
2^ carcwnters to binld concrete forms,
special RR. fare; $(! vvajen; $105 month.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
3T. carpenters. FARE S3 50. $105, to build
hop dryers sheds, warehouses, etc.. No. 1
jcb; \u2666> c-ari*n:ers. company work, fare oOc,
$W: IS bridge carpenters, fare $2 25, L. Co.,
' $W; 1- car buiMerr, Lumber Co., $90; 4
Fhlnglers. straight roof walls. $75 M;
fhingle packer, south, $50 fd.: blacksmith,
country clubhouse, fare paid, $40 and fd.
LINE MEN. :\u25a0:,•,;:
6 Mne men fcr electric . Hcht company,
\ northern California, boss here, $3 day.
ELECTRICIANS. ETC.
Electrician and lathe hand for mine, $30:
cobbler, reralr work: turner, band
sawyer, fare $1, $2 50 day; machine hand,
country planine mill. $3 50 day; band saw-
yer, fare $!,-s:* r>o day: wood turner planing
mill, fare $1. ?3 50 day: screw turner, big
carriage L. Co.. SSO.and fd.
CORNICE MAKERS AND TANK ERECTORS
fi cornice makers, fare paid, boss here,
NORTH. $4 day; sticker hand, mill, south.
$5 M day; tank erectcr. Redwood. $4 50
day; machine hand, rim sticker, fare $1, $4;
brats finisher, city. $2 .*>o to $3 day.
ENGINEER.
HoUt engineer, mine, boss here. $75. \u25a0 \u25a0
BRICKLAYERS— SOLDERERS.
5 brickiavers. good wsgfis;. private work. ""
Hod carrier, if abd wages: private work.
4 sol'iprers. 2,">r hour; fare *2 SO.
STRUCTURAL IRON WORKERS.
IS structural iron workers.
WEAVERS.
12 weavers on blankets.
FOREMEN.
Foreman, country planing mill, $4 day.
Foreman, vineyard and orchard; boss here;
$-15 to $40 ard found.
TO HELP CARPENTERS.
25 laborers, free fare, $60.
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
25 laborers, Ftart work Monday, $2 day.-
FREE FAKE.
23 laborers to shovel loose crushed rock,
free fare. $«0.
MURRAY Sz READY. KU-CM Clay st.
MISCELLANEOUS.
2 hoedowr.s. $60 and found.
Man to fall and grub tref*. millionaire's job.
18 woodchoppers. fl\;s cord. . .-. .
4 woodchoppers. mine company. $50 and fd.
Nltrtit nurse. Government petition.'
Orderly man, Government tK)sition.
Man to makr 'icecream and open ejrgs, fc{s fd.
Cook, spprfal Job. lumlier. company; bow
here; $50 and found.
Italian or French cook, camji. free fare, $CO.
Farmer handy with CEjpenter's tools, &0c
fare. $So and found.
Oy-Kterman, $45 to $50. and found.
Gardener, city. Goverrment job. $2 day.
12 boys, learn trade*?. $4. ?5 and 50 week.
Man work about duck preserve,. $25 and
found; fare pald:'b"s-s hor«>."
IRONERS. ETC.
2 starch Ironers, south; ?'.' '.'5 day.
Polisher, fare 91. ?:;•"• tn M 0 fd.
BUTCHEBS.
Butcher, all-round rru>nt'sls end room.
Baker, fare fl. $12 w«k found.'
Baker, south. #15 wet-k founH.
MARRIED— ARE YOU?
Farmer and v.-ife. fruit Urm *."! SD found.
Cook and wife, email hotel. sO"c far*. $:0 fd.
' Farnitr «nd wife, cliicktn ranch, fare $1,
$40 found.
Farmer and" wife. T. ptoM». *45 fount.
AROI'ND A MINE
25 laborers, change 'o Ifarn mfnlna-. $U0 mo.
MURRAY &. READY. I>W~K:H Clay st.
FREE FARE.
GOLD MINE— -OIHKU MINKS
1?3 single and double bsnd' drillers. ?!SJ.
$« s*). $75.
S« muckers, carmin. etc., $75.
V-l laborers, no «>xp? rl«-nce. for minec. $00.
12 laborers to learn mjnlus. ?UO.
I*3 drillers, quarries. uir::><-!*, *\c. $75.
"U laborers large country fct-lory $lil.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
g65 laborers p.nd teamsters.- dlft't-rrn*. jobs,
some in San Francisco. $2. ?2 25. $2 5:) day.
come, see m;
FARMS, ORCHARDS. ETC.
05 srtnersf ranch hands. $u>. % ;5, f<p found.
UAUVEST AND HAY-UALING HELP.
Zh men.' difttrent positions, .$1 50, f'i and
$2 s<> day and 'cund. -
12 hay-baler«, Ulfterent places, 15c, 10c, 25c
t ° n ' CHORE MSN AND BOYS.
C 7 men artd bors for chores. $15, $20. $23, $30
and found.
3 coachmen. 2 gardener*. $10 and found.
DAIRYMEN.
2« milkers, butter and ehtese makers, $30.
$.-«i f4O and found. /
FREE TO SAWTHILUS AND WOODS.
565 laborers, fgie jjoid; you'll suit. $15, $40.
$45 and found.
12S evpirfencrd woodsmen. m!llm<?n. from
piling lumber to manager o? mills and
woods, $"». $40, f&O. $l : 0. $70, $SO, $90.
$125 month «r:d fouml: come and tee us.
STABLEMEN.
20 stableman.- different J0b5.~?35 and found
to $f!0. J75. - •
MURRAY h. READY. 631-C3B Clay st.
A— GREAT POWER COMPANY. \
FREE FARE.
BOTH "WAYS.
25 laborers, water dam. *b7 50.
Steady Job y*ar round; boss at our office. .
MURRAY & READY. 634-Cl3 Clay st.
COOKS. COOKS. COOKS.
45 oooks, different place*. $00. $75, ?W), $40
and found.
WAITERS. WAITEWS^ WAITERS.
2U waiters, different places, $45, $10, $30.
$25 and found.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS, BEDMAKERS
SH dishwashers, different Jobs, $35, $30, $25
$20 and found.
LAUNDRYMEN. BELLBOYS.
s<? laundry, all classes. $:*". $2 50, $2 day.
Bell and flevator •boys, different Jobs," $15,
$20 and found. • •
MURRAY & READY, 634-CTg Clay, t.t. .'
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied un.
married- men. . between ages of 21 and S2;
citizens of United States, of good - character
end temperate habits, who .can speak. - read
and- write English. , For Information apply
to Recruiting Officer. 204 Rialto building.
New Montgomery st.: San Francisco. Cal. -
WANTED — Young man In drum and Instru-
ment factory: machinist apprentice preferred.
M. J. KACHMAN. 250 Turk st. - -
WANTEP — Good fraternal • Insurance eolleltor
for Oakland; a resident preferred; references.
Box 7030. Call office. '•'.-.-\u25a0
BOYS wanted. 607 Market 6t -
HELP WANTED— MALE — Continued.
AT C. R, HANSEN ACO-'5i..... 429 Bush st.
• Second cook, hotel, city:. .'.V.fso 'and found
Bread baker. \u25a0' country ....$56 and board
Walters, dish and' pot washers, city and
country; free .. fare ....;... *30-f JO
2 bus boys, country hotel, free fare.. s2s -fd.
\u0084Boy to work around etore of a country hotel,
fre« far*.... .$25 and found
Laundrymen, country. i...s4O-s6u and found
Lunchman, city $45 and board
Milker, 15 cows only, springs. Soaoma"Co.
.• .$3O and ' found
Coachman, country. .... ...$35 and found
Butter-maker, city '..... ........ .$(5O
New ElectrJo R. R. Near the City— Fare 40 C .
10 scraper teamsters and scraper loaders..
; .$2 25 a day
Tunnelmen, teamsters and laborers for all
parts of the 5tate.. ;..... 52, $8 25, $2 60 day
C. R. HANSEN A CO. .429 Bush st.
BUTTER-MAKER and poultryman. private
plac«, $30 and found; man. to care for. dairy
slock, $35 and found: milker.' $35 and found;
foreman. $25 and found ; blacksmith, $3 50
day; woodchopper for mjne; farmer and wife, j
$50 and found ; farmers, $25 and : $30 and
found; cooks, waiters: nurse, 125 and found;
orderly for hospital, and others. = J.F. CRO-
BETT & CO.. 62S Sacraraento st. ; .
FIRST-CLASS steward ror large company's
boardhig-house: full charge; mu#t have ref-
erences; wages $100 a month and found at
start. At COSTIGAN & CO.'S. 624 Clay st.
YOUNG men to learn the dry goods business
wanted. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. -at
HALE BROS.'
BRIGHT boys from 14 to 17 years of age for
stock clerks. Apply between 0 and 11 a. m.
- at HALE BROS.' - -'
EXPERIENCED office man wanted; must be
a good mathematician and write a -good,
legible hand. Apply-between 9 and lla. rji.
1 at HALE BROS.' - \u25a0\u25a0 -' = '. ,
DRESS goods salesmen wanted; must b« expe-
rl«nceij. Anpiy between 9 and 11 a. m. at
-HALE BROS.'-
EXPERIENCED domestic salesmen wanted, :
App'y between J) and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' .___
\u25a0WANTED— Young men who are experienced
i dry goods bundle wrappers. Apply between
0 and 11 a. m. et HALE BROS.'
EXPERIENCED drapery salesman wanted. 1
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' -. \u25a0 - - - , .
WANTED — Young men to \u25a0 learn dry goods
hurlness. Arp'.y between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE HROS.' • \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0 -
WANTED— ReIief clerk: registered student
preferred. • Hoover's Pharmacy, California
. and Devlsadero sts. - '.
TAILOR to work on. coats. 27^4 Fourth st.,
room 2. ' . "_
WANTED— Twenty-five .extra men. Grand
Opera-house. Mage door, 10 a. m.' " '
WANTED — First-class dresser: a steady Job to
the right man. Call at the Palace Hotel.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 104 Davis st.
NURSERY man wanted. Apply 508 Halght.
WANTED — Sober dishwasher; $9 week; C
days, ."ill ' Montgomery et. " ' " ' '
DISHWASHER wanted. 528 Fourth «t.
WANTED — Boy, 15: references ;. $4 50 week.
Hoover'g Pharmacy. California & Devlsadero.
WANTED— Boy about 16 to tend "bell. Mar-
guerlte Hotel, 421 Larkln »t.
WANTED— Men and women to prepare for
postoffice, custom house, bookkeeper and
other governmental positions. Apply for
free particulars. Pacific Correspondence In-
stltute. 1003 Market- Et.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
positions In new poatofflce; clerks and car-
riers; excellent opportunities. Free par-
ticulars Pacific Correspondence Institute,
1005 Market st. - \u25a0 ""'/'- ' ' '
AN enjoyable, profitable outtng; pick hops In
August; special rate tickets now ready:
o.me early as only a limited number can be
sold. E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Bat-
tf ry st. y- '- \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 -
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $30
to $150 p«r month falary paid our graduates;
our six schools Indorsed by all railroads; day
and evening session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy, 20 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Mbndßy morning, experienced
talesmen for dress goods. Bilks and wash
goodF. Apply superintendent's office, The
Emporium. . '
MEN to learn the barber trade; 8 weeks com-
pletes; positions guaranteed; wages earned
while learning: call or write. Olllrnan's Bar-
ber College, t;27 Clay st.. near. Montgomery.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
BOYS' and children's clothing salesmen want:
pd; men with experience only. Apply early
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st:
YOUNG man to asslfct In office and do type-
writing: salary $50; references. Bos 84S1,
Call office. \u0084
YOUNG man to es»Ut in office and do type-
writing: salary $50; references. Box MSI.
Call office. . . .
WANTED — Pupils to. learn cutting and design-
ing of m*ri*s garments. School of Practical
cutting. 016' Market st.. room 50.
WANTED— Men to. fill 300 rooms at 20c per
night: clothe* closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light In every room. €81 Howard,. nr. 3d.
YOUNO \u25a0 man to learn glovp-flnlshlng; wages
frcm wtart. Cnrspn Glove Co., 123 Second st.
MACHINIST apprentice wanted. . 25C Fremont
iytrset. ' \u25a0 ; «•'\u25a0\u25a0•.-
WANTED— Bfclit polisher. Stanford Laundry.
Palo Alto iNVw.owDtr.) \u25a0
WANTED — Seamen anil ordinary seamen for
New York. THOS. MURRAY, 51Q Davis st.
WANTED— Good "railroad telegraph operators.
Apply 223 Powell St.. room », ' : , •
SAILORS ordinary seamen, for Sound, -south
coast, New York, Europe. Lane't-, .VU Davi«.
FIRST-CLASS merchant tailor's cutter want-
vd. Apply box SOI 4. Call office.
W'ANTEI/'- Men to • learn barber trade free:
Kan Francisco Barber College. 741 A Howard.
PENSION atty., K. A. Bullls, r. 40. Pheian bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. \u25a0 Thomas Ppst, G. A. R. -
MEN to go on ships to "Australian and other
ports. At HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st. •."•\u25a0
j MEN wanted at 105 :Jd st., where shoes aro re-
j paired by machinery; sewed soles' 10 tnln.. 75c
LABOR debts collfccttd; • aults, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 4'J 2d a»t.. r. 622.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ihlps. HALLBEHT. 61T Jackson st.
WINCHESTER Hotfl, 4 IThjid Bt.. nr. Mar-
Itet — 700 rooms; :15? night; - reading rooms;
(iKbus atid bajeage to and ; from ; ferry. Zi
A BRANCH mice of Tlie Call for the recep-
tion of advei tiypir.ents and subscriptions .h*s
bttJi or>»n*d . at "1008 - Market " St., ODposlte
Fifth. Oren untfl II p.. m, ,
_[ : _:" SALE»MEX .WAXTEPi . '
WANTED— Salesmen to sell KINLOCH
HOUSE PAINT and;F. T- :A. ROQF:i
IKON PAtNT- to' stores; experience unneces-
sary;' excellent side lines; .no samples. Pa-
cific Distributing Co.. 316, Sacramento »t.,
'. San Francisco Cal., . .'
SALESMEN wanted— Two men to sell- made-
to-or'ler shirts and clothing, for well-known
firm: established trade. Answer box 5505,'
«^ill. - .\u25a0; \u25a0-..• " ..<-..\u25a0
"HOUSES^ TO~I,ETi~"
A PRINTED list of houses to let: send for c|r-'
tulsr. U. H. UMBSEN & C 0. .20 Montgomery.
A HOUSE of fi rooms and stable, to '-,- let; rent
. cheap: t-ultable for -contractor or r carpeuter. f
Inquire J123 Sinter st. . -
FlVE' sunny rocms. and. bath;: all modern Im-
provements; relit S2O. 212% Fourteenth St.,
near Howard,'.- . ' '- ,' ' .']' J : ' ",.!
; BROADWAY. 10T-', \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 near - Laguna— B rooms,
\u25a0 bath, laundry; flns- mnrlne view; $40. " - iK?
VAN, NESS 210(5.; near Pacific aye.— Modern
hou!;e. .10:rocms,^2 t>aths;-rent $75. ... . ._>; -\u25a0•; ,;
$10 — SUNNY house,- 5 rooms, basement and
yard. ltl5Dolor« st.'near Fifteenth. \u25a0 ."
\u25a0
TO let — A nne Q-room house. "Apply 130 Dun-
' canst. ". '\u0084-.'. '\u25a0\u25a0"*.:\u25a0* •"•'•' '-'.•_.-.'\u25a0 '*\u25a0 .'.J-
COTTAGES TO I.ET. . '
LOMBARD. f»9s^Corner 7-room' burlap eett«4|<»,
$32 50; one • block: from/ Hyde-st.'.' cars, v
ARMY. 2983-r-Cottag«. -5 rooms; all -Improve-,
lnpnts:' large yard. : ..:...;. ' . \u0084i ,
BUSH," SSiS— Sunny "; cottage "of . 5 '\u25a0. rooms ,* and
bath; large .\u25a0sunny, yard: rent' s 22 50.' ~/j- , , ,
COTTAGE. 4 "rooms," bath ; and cellar; - rent
$20. • 2769 Howard -St."; '.» ,' ' . ;.-:.
TO NEW OPPORTUNITY AND SBC CESHRobbed by Highwayman.
REDDING, Aug. 6.— A: R. Coats, a
prominent fruit buyer of Red Bluff, was
held up and robbed by two masked men
between Anderson and Cottonwood yes
terday. The highwayman took J4O and
valuable papers.
Charles Delsenroth .Whirled Around at
Terrible. Speed at ," the Salis
bury Sawmill.
REDDING, Aug. 6.—^At* the Salisbury
sawmill in the Warner Mountains >on
Friday Charles Deisenroth's clothing
became caught in the machinery and
he was whirled around at "frightful
speed. One leg ,was mangled, his head
cut'and his clothing torn off. He may
die from his injuries. . \u25a0=
CAUGHT IN MACHINERY
AND SERIOUSLY INJURED
To-morrow In your opportunity to se
cure a clean city udmlnliitratton.
REDDING, Aug. 6. — The Willow
Creek mill, owned by the Lassen Min
ing Company and furnishing water to
the Hayden Hill mines, was burned on
Thursday night. The loss will reach
over $6000.
Willow Creelc Mill Burned.
The primary election Is the battle (or
civic decency. Do not neelect to -vote.
Gambler's Body- Found and Hl* Coun
trymen Attse-rt His Death Was
Deserved.
_LOS_ANGELES, Aug. 6. — With three
bullet holes in his body, any one of
them sufficient to cause death. M. Bulk
chle, a Japanese gambler, was found
this morning lying dead outside of 222
North San Pedro streej. His country
men say the shooting was • deserved.
It Is unlikely, that the slayers ever will
be known.
JAPANESE MYSTEIUOUSLY
SIjAIX *1X LOS ANGELES
\ ucust 5, 1005.
No. Prero. No. Prem. No. Preui.
60.... 2o.ih> z>M.... t.oo ISSS ?••*»
151.... a. 50 «..::.... U.«^ .bu4.... JJ-6«
108.... »;&O '£WO .'..'.' -.iiw 76mi.... --«*'
225 -J.aU UiM ioo 7iOS -••*»
i&4..~. . S.oo ouuJ. . .. -.««/ 7mK>...- £.•»«»
405. ...» 75. W W&i.... S.ow 79otf i-W
451.... s.lft' i14i>.... U.»o slot). l-0O.«.«»
667 b.vo 31ti1.... z.bo eCso.... — •**
«71.... 2.5b biAM '±oo »31-^.... ~.»
743.... 2.50 U41t>. . . . S.UV »ibii *.l«>
752 , 2.50 3482 7.U. IH>23 2.^>W
7SI 2.50 ZuiH 7.50 »1»52 2.10
042.. .. , 2.50 5620.... 2.50 92U3 5.00
Uf17.... 2.50 3JI« o.tv IMSO3 2.50
1240 2.50 3720 2.50 9705 2.00
1371 2.5t> 3542 2.5 ii 97H2 2.50
14f» 75.». 3XS* 2.50 9»SJ 2.50
1506 ;,.!»> 443* T.oO 97»5.... 2.50
1520.... 7.5t) 4452.... 2.50 10102 2.5 v
1559 2.50 4461 2.50 1012;.... 2.50
1643 2.5t 4520 2.50 10173 2.50
1671 2.50 4«0« 25.0ti1020l * 2.50
1804 2.50 4525.... 2.50 10248. ... 7.50
1884 2.30 5002 2. 50 10263 2-si»
1991...; 2.50 5083 2.5 ft 10284 2.50
2070.... 2.50 5235 2.50 W3i>4 2.50
2145 7..10 5435 7.50 10332 s.t*>
2182 2.50 54150 2.50 10515 2-s»>
2101.... 2.50 5040 2.50 11053 2.50
2233.... 7.50 .WO.. 300.00 11300 2.50
2235.... 2..V; 5579.r.'. 5.00 113 ft* .. 130.00
2237.... 7.50 «1 43 2..V> 11475 2.50
2372 2.50 tUtr; 2.50 11527 2.50
2405.... 2.50 6225.... 2.00 11«39 2.50
2451 2.R0 T057 2.50 11735 5.00
2562 2.50 705S 5.00 11752 2.50
APPROXIMATIONS.
20 numbers from 814!) to 8169 Inclusive, be
ing 10 numbers on each side of the first capi
tal of $1200 — «2.00.
20 numbers from 5770 to 5790 Inclusive. b«
lng 10 number* on each side of the second
capital of J300— 51.50.
20 numbers from 11394 to 11404 inclusive,
being 10 numbers on each side of the third
capital of ?150— ?1.00.
TERMINALS.
120 numbers ending with 59. bein* the last
two figure* of the capital of $1200— $1.00.
120 numbers ending with SO. beinsr the last
two figures of the capital of $300— 51.00.
OYSTER BAY.- Aug. 6.— President
Roosevelt late this afternoon delivered
a lay sermon to the Christian Brother
hood of Oyster Bay. He emphasized
especially the necessity of sound char
acter-building, holding that high moral
character \was the real essence : of
Christian life. The organization before
which the President spoke is a non
sectarian body,, composed principally
of the male members of the sevtral lo
cal churches.
The President, in beginning his ad
dress, read selections from the sixth
chapter of Matthew, the Epistle to the
Corinthians and the Epistle by James.
No verbatim report of the address was
made, but the President to-night dic
tated the following as the substance of
his remarks:
Brother Bowman has spoken of the fact that
I have had a large experience. I think that
each one of us who has a large experience
grows to realize more and more that the es
sentials of experience are alike for all of us.
The things that move us most, the thinss of
the home, of the church, | the intimate rela
tions that knit a man to his family, to his
clOße triends, that make him try to do his
duty to his neighbor, by.hia God, are in their
essentials just the same tor one man as for
another, provided the man is in good faith
trying to do his duty. I feel that ihe progress
of our country really deoends upon the sum
of the efforts of the Individuals acting by
themselves, but especially upon the sum of
the efforts of the individuals acilnsr In asso
ciations like this for the betterment of them
selves, for the betterment of the communities
In which they dwell. There Is never tny dif
ficulty about the forces of evil beincr or
ganized. Every time that we get an ortjamzH
tion of the forces that ai* •valnfMltv «irlvtne
for good,' an organization llks this, we ar«
doing our part to onset unl «iU.-j ...0.. .
offset the torces of evil.
I want to read several different texts which
it seems to me have especial bear.ug upon the
work of brotherhoods like this, upon the- spirit
In which not only all of us who are mem
bers cf this brotherhood, but all ot us who
strive to be decent Christians are to aDti'y
our Christianity on week days as well as on
Sundays. The first verses I want to rea-J
Can be found in the seventh chapter ct' Mat
thew, the first, sixtee.v.lv f-svcnieenth and
eighteenth verses:
First — "Judge not, that ye be not Judged."
Sixteenth — "Ye shall know them by their
fruits. Do men rather grapes of thorns or
figs of thistles?" Seventeenth — "Evtn so every
good tree brinseth forth good fruit, but a
corrupt tree brlngeth torth evil fruit."
Eighteenth — "A good tree cannot bring forth
evil fruit, neither can . a corrupt tree bring
forth L'O'i.l fruit."
"Judge not, that ye be not judged"; that
means treat each of your hrothers v»itn char
ity. He not quick to find fault. Above all.
be not quick to judge another man, who. ac
cording to his light, is striving to do his duty
as eacb of us here hopes he is striving tv
do his.
. Let us ever remember that not only we have
divine - authority lor the statement that ' by
our fruits we shall be known, but that also
it is true that mankind will tend to Judge us
by our fruits. It Is an especially lamentable
thine to see 111 done by any man, who from
his associations with the. church; who, from
the fact that he. has had the priceless benefits
of the teachings of the Christian religion,
should be expected to take a position of lead
ership in the work lor Rood.
The next quotation I wish' to read' to you
is found In the twenty-fifth chapter of Mat
thow, th:rty-seventh to fortieth verses, In
clusive: . '
"Then shall the righteous answer him. say-
Ing, Lord, when saw we thee and hungered,
and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink?
"When saw we thee a stranger and took
thee in? or naked, and clothed thee?
"Or when saw we thee sick, or In prison,
and came unto thee? •
"And the King shall answer and say unto
them. Verily I say unto you, • Inasmuch as ye
have done- It unto one of the least of these
my brethren, ye have done it unto me."
That is what this brotherhood means, by
trying to worship our Creator, by acting to
ward his creatures as he would have us act,
to try- to make our religion a driving force
In our lives, <to do unto others as we would
have them ' to do unto us. '
" The next text I ' wish to read Is found in
the First Corinthians, thirteenth chapter, be
ginning with the first ver»^: '.
- "Though I speak with the tongues of men
and of angels, and ! have not charity, I am
become as pounding brass or a tinkling cymbal.
"And though I have the gift of prophecy and
.understand all mysteries, and all knowledge;
and though I have all faith, so that I could
remove mountains, and have not charity. I
am nothing.
"And though I bestow all my goods to feed
the poor; and though 1 give my body to be
burned and have not charity, it proflteth me
nothing.
"Charity Buffereth long and is kind; charity
envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is
not puffed up."
"And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these
three; but the greatest of these Is charjty."
Let each of us exercise' the largest toler
ance for his brother who Is trying, though in
a different way, to lead a decent life, who Is
trying to do good In his own fashion; let each
try to show practical sympathy with that
brother not be too quick to criticize.
In closing. l want to read Just a few verses
from the epistle of James from the first chap
ter, twenty-seventh verse:
"Pure religion and undeflled before God and
the Father Is this. To visit the fatherless and
widows In their affliction and to keep him
self unspotted from the world." ~\t f -
If a man will. try to serve God the Father
by being kindly to the man around him who
needs his kindness and by being upright and
honest himself, then we have the authority
of the good- book for saylngr that we_ are
in honor bound to treat him as a good Chris
tian and extend the hand of brotherhood to
him. , . '-.' ' ''\u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0'. :
Bible Texts Quoted to Il
lustrate His Advice as
to v Duty of Christians
BROTHERHOOD OF MAN
3lr. Eoo^evelt Delivers a
Lay Sermon to an
Oyster Bay \u25a0\u25a0Congregation
SABBATH TALK
BY PRESIDENT
The Original WeeklvNacional Co.
pel (widow),, lot on .W line of Market street.
209:7% S of Twenty-flrst, S 50 by W<l2s, lots
0 • and 10, vmap of. Subdivision of Wall j Tract,
being also portion of block 015, Boardman's
map, Oakland; 110. v .;
, Continental Building . and Loan Association
to August ' O- Tannenberg. lot 31 and N.IO feet
of ' lot ' 32, = block A, Fruitvale Station ; Tract,
Brooklyn Township: : $10. , " -
Jones (Ellen J. Tabor) to Arthur Fern,
lot on N line, of Harold street. 175.23 W of
Boston avenue. W, 50. N 128.40, E 50, S -128.80
to : beginning," lots 8 : and t», > block A,' Champion
Tract, "and ' adjoining- rear 16'- feet •of lots 12
and l l3. block C." subdivision of block C of re
vised a map • of • Prospect " Hill Tract, . Brooklyn
Townships -*lO. .: ,' . . " . ; ' \u25a0<
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Amelia E. and' A. D. Wilson and T Olive -E.
Lathrop ' (widow) -, to : George . H. .' Lee, lots •24\u25a0 to
27, ' block M,* Fruitvale Boulevard Tract, Brook
lyn-.Township; . $lO. \u25a0" - . :.-'. \u25a0 :--'-\u25a0'\u25a0
- . \u25a0 George -\u25a0 H. and - Nancy E. • Lee :to James W.
Bedsaul (single), . same, Brooklyn "Township;
810... ; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' --- ; '.- -:,\u25a0-\u25a0-\u25a0 :':: ': .-'\u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0"' \u25a0 ' V **\u25a0•-
(Oliver D. or O. D. and Elizabeth C. Hamlin
to Ltzzie T. Williams • (wife of *G. W.). < lot on
S line of Weston avenue, ..'MO :4U E of Tele
graph '. avenue ; (as . game existed * June \u25a09. - 1868.
prior to widening to 100 feet). E 101 td divid
ing line between lots 10 and ll.;S:160:lO to S
boundary "of ; said lot" 10. W* 101 to point t>n , S
boundary of. lot B. l;footi.W. from SE corner. of
said . lot 8» N 153 to beginning, lots 0. •10 and
E 1' foot v. of .' lot 8. - block D. , Broadway and
Telegraph-avenua -Homestead, : Oakland; $1.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
• SATURDAY, AUGUST 5.
Anglo-Callfornian Bank to Louis P. Kerner,
lot on W line of Polk street, 00 N of Fulton, N
60 by W 100; $10.
William K. Jr. and Amy E. Eckart. Victor
V. ard Alice W. Harrier to Alice Bentz (wife
of Nathan), lot on N line of Union street, 175
E of Broderick, E 40 by N 137:0; $10.
Nathan and Alice Bentz to Harry R. Cooper,
same; $10. '
City and County of San Francisco to Gertrude
C. Jackson (Church), lot on N line of Vallejo
street, 102:6 W of Devisaaero, W 32:0 by N
137:0; $ .
John P. and Nina G. Albro to P. F. and
Alice E. Cutting, lot on E line of First avenue, .
257:7 N of Point Lobos, N 31:6 by .E 120; $10.
Abble R. Wood to same, lot on , E line- of
First avenue, 259:1 N of Point Loboa, N 43:0
by E 120; $10.
City Land Company to Frank W. and Jessie
E. Collins, lot. on N line or California street,
137:0 W of Spruce, W 2:6 by N 132:7&; $10.
Charle3 L. and i T*na Hinkel to John P.
Schmltz, lot on E line of Valencia street, 05 N
of Sixteenth, N 00 by E 100; $10.
Mary F. Maugan to Elizabeth Fair (wife of
Charles J.), lot on N lino of Ford street, 173
W of Sanchez. W 25 by N 114; $10.
Annie and Peter Coleman to Patrick H. and
Mary E. Russell, lot on W line of Capp street,
111:3- S of Twenty-fourth, N 18:0 by W 80;
$10.
Richard R. Johnston to William: G. Kaiser,
lot on \\% line of Fair Oaks street, 215 S of
Twenty-third. S 31 by W 117:6; < $10. - -
John H. and Ellen G. Graay to J. T. Bloom
field, lot on NW corner o* Army and Minne
sota streets, N 50 by W 100; $10.
Archibald MacKillop to Georglna MacKlllop,
lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 182:6 N of Lake
street, N 32, E 138, SW 32. W 131:4%; gift.
Jacob and Bertha G.Welssieln to Ernst
Mietzsch, lot on N' line of A Btreet, 182:« E
of Twenty-ninth avenue, N CB:C, SE 08:614, W
0:0; also /lot commencing 100. N of A street
and 120 E of Twenty-ninth avenue, E 50:5^4",
SE 90:4?6. W 50:4; $10. \u25a0• .
Ernst Mletzsch to Jacob Welssbein, com
mencing tiS:O feet N of A street and 182:0 E
of Twenty-ninth avenue, N 31:11»£, W 3:2. SE
32:114; ?10.
John and Maggie T. Ferris and Charles E.
Penez, lot on W line of Fourth avenue, '276 s5
of Point Lobos. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Estate of Andrew Welch Company to Fred
erick M. Voigt, lot on E line of Sixth avenue,
100 N of B street, N 50 by E 120; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Michael
and Esther Arendt. lot on W line of Second
avenus. 25 N of C street, N 25 by W 95; $10.
American Land and Trust Company to John
M. Christlanson, lot on W line of Twenty-first
avenue, 300 S of Mvstreet. S 60 by W 120;
also lot on E line of Twenty-second avenue,
125 N of N street, N 50 by E 120; $10.
Charles Troyer to Gustav A. Elsen. lot on
SE corner of Twenty-fourth avenue and Q
street, S 100 by E 120; $10. .
Same to same, lot on E line of Twenty
fourth avenue. 100 S of Q street, S 125 by 12
120; $10. ....
Carlos Troyer to William F. Perkins, . lpt on
NE corner of Twenty-third avenue - and R
street N to Q street. W 120, S 225, W 120, S
875. E 240. block bounded by X and S. streets
and Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth avenues;
$10. -
Eliza M. and W. B. Van Kirk to Solomon
Getz, lot on W line of Thirty-fourth avenue,
100 S Cf R Btreet, 8 75 by W 210: $10.
Wendell and Carrie Easton to _ Victor A.
Wren, lot on W line of Thirty-eighth avenue.
225 N of V street, N 50 by W 120; $10.
Victor E. A. Wren to Jacob Heyman Com
pany, same; $10. - '
John Dougherty to W. W. Wilson, undivided
half of lot on J3 line of bord«r of property of
Bay View Homestead Association, between SW
line of Twenty-third avenue and S boundary
of said association, including ' land colored in
pink on map of said association except por
tion lylns north of SW line of. Twenty-third
avenue; $10. . '\u25a0 - V
Thomas J. and Mary A.. Conway to Patrick.
Martin and M. Sullivan, •executors of the es
tate of Margaret Sullivan, lot" on W line of
Eureka street, 128:4 S of Ocean House Road,
S 50 by W 134:3; $10. • . ' -
James Lynch to V. Gamboni. lot 45, block
347. lot 8. block. 368, Case Tract; also lots 2 to
4. Gift Map No. .1; $10.
Builders* Contracts. -
Isabella Henretty (owner)' with N. A. Carl
son (contractor) architect— Alterations and
additions to a three-story frame building onE
side of Clara street, -between Third and Fourth.
(No. 22 Clara street); $1280.
M. Johnson (owner) with Otis Elevator Com
pany (contractors), architect C. ;A. Meuss
dorffer — Two oassenger elevators for building
on corner of Franklin and Fell streets; $4550.
Alnnieda County. .
Edward and Tlllie I. Salz to Peter C Han
sen, lot on SW corner of Stevens" street and
Bane avenue, W 137 by S 341, portion lot- 17,
Stevens Tract, Centervllle, ' Washington Town
ship; $10. : ,- •\u25a0;.. .'. :.:; •; '
The Realty Syndicate (a corporation) - to An
nie A. Lyons (single), lot 22. block 17, McGce
Tract, portion plat 07, Kenersberger's survey,
Berkeley; $10. \ > -
' Same to Edna and Annie Lyons (both single),
lot 18, block 8, Mathews Tract, Berkeley;. slo.
Same to Edna Lyons- (s;ngle);" E' 6o feer of
W 105 feet of lots 23 and 24, block" 17, :McGee
Tract, portion plat 67, Kellersberger's survey,
Berkeley; $10. ; r ;--.v ':•\u25a0"'
Same "to Margaret ! E. . Scnulte (married), lot
23, block, 7, Mathews Tract, Berkeley; $10.
• ; - •*\u25a0'\u25a0•. SATURDAY," AUGUST 6. : > -
Walter and Adeline U' Heaver to OliverD.
Hamlln.r lot on S: line ;of Weston? avenue,
:Uo:4'/"Eof'Telegraph (as name existed' Jun e,
9 ISOB, prior .'to widening to 100 feet), - E 1
foot to dividing, line between • lots 8 \u25a0 and D, ;\u25a0 S
153:0 1-3 to S boundary, said lot 8, W 1 foot.
N 15:1 to beginning, being El- foot lot 8, block
D. Broadway • and Telegraph - Avenue Homii
stead,-Oakland,; quitclaim deed! $1.":. - -•
Kate Parkin (widow) to Ira Vaughan, : lot , on
SW corner of Pine , and \u25a0 William - streets, ;W
80:7^ by S 72, lots -7; and 8 and N portion, lot 6,
block 30, map ; land on Oakland Pomt •* Railroad
Ferry ;. Landing, ;• tradt ," 4oo, Oakland ; « slo.' ' v~ \u25a0
'Holcomb, Breed &. Bancroft, to Nellie Thrane
(wife of i Charles : H.), lots 8 and 9, Santa \u25a0Fe
Tract* No .: 12,-. Oakland ; = ?10.. >\u25a0 - :\u25a0 ,'
; Margaret J. Barnett to Anna- B. and Edna
Reinhardt -(Trultt), : lot on \u25a0 E lme 1 of ,Fulton
Btreet.4s N of Carlton. 1 N,45.by El 125." 10t 18.
block ; 1455. map . 2. Blake Tract,'-, portion of
plat' 69, -Berkeley;? slo.' >>\u25a0\u25a0 v
Caroline H.'and Frank Frey to Emma" Rum- ]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, ,7, 1905.
10
RAIIAVA\* TRAVEL.
I^LlFORi^
§CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYS!
I Leaves Monday* and Thursday* at H
gg| :t:3O a. m. with Diners and tileepera^gg
Other Santa Fe Trains i
8:00 d! tntl For Stocktoa. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
9:30 a. m. J Merced. Hanford aad Vlsalla.
4 :00 p. m. For Stockton.
7 :30 a. m. J Direct connection for Tosemlt*
8:80 a. m. ' Valley and the Bis Trees.
» :30 a.m. ; For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
8:00 p. m. and Chicago.
9:30 a. m. ; For OakdaU and point* on Sierra
- I Railway. \u25a0
Ticket Offices— 633 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
Saa Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.: also 27 South First. San Joa*.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAX FRANCISCO TO 9,'JkX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 8:00. 9:00. 12:35. 2:30.
5:10. 5:50.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O. 8:00. 3:30 a. m.. 12:35. 2:30.
5:10 p. m. s
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:OS. 7:35, 7:50, 8:20 a. m..
12:50, 2:40, 5:00, 5:20, B:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:OS, 7:35. 7:50. 0:20 a. m., 2:40,
4:50. s:tH>, 5:20, 6:20, 7:30. 7:5S p. m.
L*ave i I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. [ August 7, 1905. | San Fran.
Week j Sun- I Destina- } »Sun- I Week
Days. | gays. [ tlou. [ days, f Days.
7:30 al | I
7:30 a b:uoa 8:40 at 8:40 a
b:0Oa JKoOa Imado. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 0:00 p 9:20 p
6:10 PI 6:10 p 6:20 p 7:20 p
7:20 p
I ._ I 8:50 p
8:00al8:O0at Napa. I B:4oa] 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| ( 6:20 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 a B:4oa| 8:40 a
8:00 a 8.00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petalums 6:20 p 0:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:20 p 7:20 p
5:10 p 1 Santa Rosa. 8:50 p
7:30 a 7:30 a '" 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:20 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p . 8:50 p 7:20 p
Windsor,
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:20 p 7:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:20 pf 7:20 p
j f wants, ~] j
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:20 p( 7:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Guernevllle and 110:20 a! 10:20 a.
2:30 pi 'J:3op! Csirsr. Vacation. | 8:50 p| 6:20 p
S-OOa btOOa 8:40 a S:4oa
5:10 p 0-30 a Scr.cma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
- I B:10p Glen Ellen. 8:5 Op
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:2Oa 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p Sebastopol. 7:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p • -.
STAGES connect. at Eanta Rosa for Whlta
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton tor Burkes Sanitarium: at Lyttoa for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
vlll« and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
6prings. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at. Uklah. for V ichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel DeU Lake. Witter
KnrinSs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley
j?hnW«. "»'«'»• Hullvllle. Orf. Hot
Springs. Halfway Hou?e. Comptche. Hopklna.
Mendoctno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal-
it Wllllts for Hearst and Sawyer;, at Sherwood
for Westport. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville. Cunn-
rnlns. Bell's Springs, Harris. . Olsens, Dyer
Garberv.lle. Pepperwood, Camp's. ScotU and
E la\urday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all point*
teyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of Hce. 850 Market street. Chronic!*
bulldlnx-
JAS. AGLER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
\u25a0 To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc,
Via Sanaaltto Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
- Depart wteK-a*y» «t «:uu. 7:45. 8:25. »: 10.
»:6w, 11:00 a. m.; 12:20. 1:45. S:l5. 4:35. 5:13.
t:60l 6:30. 7:15, 8:00. 10:15 and 11:35 p. m.
Depart Sundays and holidays at 7:1& V 7:45. .
8:15/6:45. »:15. »:45. 10:15. 10:45. 11:15. 11:1)
a. m.: 12:15. 12:45. 1:15. 1:45. 2:15. 2:45. 3:15.
8:45, 4:15. 4:45. 5:15. 5:45. 6:15. 6:45. 7:15.
(7:45, S:l5 for Sausalito only), 9:OU.- 10:15.
11:35 p. m. - \u25a0
• 'For Fairfax.' week' days— 7:4s a. m., 3:19
p. m., 5:15 p. " m.~' Sundays "and holidays—
7:45. 8:48. 9:15.' 10:1.4. .11:45 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
. „ . . THROUGH TRAINS.
\u25a0 7:45 a. m.' dally — Lazaueru <oiu way stations,
9:15 a. m. bundays and Holidays— .Point
Reyes, etc. \u25a0 I
\u25a0\u25a0 8:15 p. m. dally (except Sunday) — For Caza-
dero.* «tc. "' ' \u25a0\u25a0.
6:15 p. m. daily (except Sunday.) — For Point
Reyes, «tc.
8:15 d. m. Sunday* and holidays for Caza-
4*ro. «tc. " -
TICKET OFFlCE— 6so. Market «t.
7KBRT— Union Depot, foot of Market «k
AUCTION SALES .
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT. MAYOR'S
OFFICE. CgTT OF SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
Condemned Police
Department Horses
At GROVE-STREET STABLES. 122 GROVS
I ST.. on- \u25a0
Monday, August 7, 1905
At 11 o'clock, by order of Mayor E. E.
Schmltz. I will sell a lot of condemned Police
Department horses. Horses can be seen at
stables mornins of saie.
S. WATK INS. .Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION
'' fc* £^> ft*
WEDNESDAY. AUG. 3, AT lt A. 31.
Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth St.
By onler cf L. C. Martin of Kopland. I will
sell CO Rood young horses. These hors«s are all
gentle, well bruken (both 'single, and double),
from 6 to s year* old. weighing from 1200 t&
14(1« pounds. %nd nouncl.
Stock can be seen after August 7 at 327 Sixth
street. This stock must and will be sold — no
reserve or limit. Parties wishing to buy would
do well to look this stock over before purchas-
ing elsewhere. •
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
f> By order of the Mountain Dairy Co.. I
tr^ will sell ct auction all of their horses,
harness and wagons: and also 20 head of good
work and driving hursea and a lot of buggies.
Surreys, wagons and carts. TUESDAY. AU-
GUST 8. at 11 a. m. 1140 Folsom st. WM.
CLOUGH. Auct!onegr.
RAILWAY TRATEI. *.
j^'3nCi*\ Trains leave and are dv
/f&£rAs%}\ to »rriT« »*
fad&^ri SAN FKAJfcls co.
IJ^S^ / From Jc.vs 25. 15C5.
'^3=^>W/ Fisst Dxpot
(Foot of Market Street)
l*at«- MAIN LINE. -*»Km
7-OOa Elmlrs, Vacarllle, Winters, Ramsey . 7-43P
7.00 a Richmond, Benlcla, Sacramento,
Saiasnand Way Stations 7-2Si>
7-40 A Vallejo, Xupa, Callstoga, Santa
Rosa, Martinez, San Ramon 6-08P
7.40a1«11c5, Pleasanton. Llverinore.
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton ' 7.28*
800AShasta Express— (Via Djtli), *a>- f"
Williams, Willow*. tFruto, Bed
BlulT. Portland. Tacoma. Seattle. 7-43*
B.ooa Dstl», Woodland, Knights Landing,
Mary»Tllle. Orortlle 7-43*
8-20 a Martinez. Antlocb. Byron. Tracy,
Stockton, Newman, Los Banos,
Mendota, Armona, Hanford, • . » 9a
VUalla. Portervillo \ YjSL
B.2o>Port Costa. Lathrop. Merced, Mo- ' *-« oi "
desto, Raymond, Fresno, Han-
ford. Vlsalia, Bakersfleld 4-4S*
B.4oa lTlles, San Jo»e. Llvennore. Stock-
ton (tMtlton), Valley Sprln*.
lone, Sacramento, PlacerrlUe,
Colfax. Marysvllle. Red 81uff .... 4.08*
8-40 a Oaidale, Cnlncse, Jamestown,
Socora. Tuolumne and Angels... 4.08*
9-POa Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 4.28*
9-40A Richmond, Pore Cost i. Martinez
and Way Stations (tConcord) .... 648p
1020 a Vallejo, Daily. Xtpa, Sunday only 7.48*
10-20 A Los Anseleß Passenger— Port
Costa, Msrtlnrz. Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced.
Kaymond. Fresno, Goxhen Junc-
tion, Ilanford. Lemoore, Vlsalla,
Bakersfleld. Los Anzelet 7-08*
10.20 a El Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis and
Chicago 7XB*
lI.OOAThe Overland Limited— Omaha,
Chicago, Dcnrcr. Kannas City... 5.435»
I 1.40 a Nllc«, San Jose and Way Stations. 2.48*
ti .OOP Sacramento Hlver Steamers tiLOO*
3.40P Benlcia. Winter*. Sacramrnto.
• Woodland. Knights Landing. - V."
» • Marysrlire and OroTHie 10.43*
S.4opHarwaril, N'llcs. and Way Stations 7.48*
4. COp Vallejo. Martinez, San llmnon,
Xnpn. Callstoga, Santa Rosa 9.284
4.oopNllc». Tracy, Stockton, Lodt 1028 a
4.40p Hay ward. Nile*. Irvinstuu. Saa) t3.43\
' Jose, Lhrermorn ) J11.48A
B-OOp The Owl Limited— Newman. Los .-
Banos, Mcudou, Fresno, Tulare.
1 BalcertUeld. Lo» Angeles 343 a
S.COP Chicago and St. Louis Special— El
Paso, Kansas City. St. Louis and
Cbtcago 8.43 a
ts.2o*Uarward. Nlles and San Jose ' 7.08 a
.6.20p Vallejo, Purt Cotta, Ucnlcla, Sul-
> sun, Sacramento 11.25 a
6. COp Eastern Express— Om.-.hn. Chfcaeo,
DcnYer. Kansas City. St. Louis.
Martinez. Stockton, Sacramento, ' i "
lleno. Sparks. Montello. Ogdea .. 12.48*
B.2oPHayward. Nllesand San Jose 9-48 A
7-OOPReno Passenger— Port Costa. Be-
ntcia, Suisan. Elmlra, Plson,
DaTls.Sacramento. Sparks. Tono-
pan. Goldlleld andKeelcr 7-08 A
;7.4flpPort Costa, Martlnez.Byron.Tracy.
t Modesto. Merced. Fresno 12-03*
,7.4CPTosemlte and Marlpora Big Trees
, (via liaymond-Wavona Route).. 8.48 a
• 740 p Vallejo, Sunday only 11.28 a
B.2QpOresron A California Expreui — Sac-
' ntmento, MarysvMe. Keddlnjr,
, Portland, Pnget Sound and Kait. 8.43 a
B. COp Hay ward. Mies' and San Jose (Saa-
m day only) 111.43 A
COAST LINE (>*rro»T baas*).
(Foot of Market Street.)
\ 7.4sa Santa Cruz Kxcurslon (Sunday
» only) 8-18*
B.lsAXewark, Centerrllle. San Joie, ; . '
Felton. Bou!4er Creek, Santa
Cruz end Way Stations 5.55*
t9.1 saNewark,a Newark, San Jose. Felton, Boulder
i Creek. Santa Cruz t7-69*
t2-15pXewark, Centervllle, San Jose.
New Almaden. Lot Gatos. Felton. <
Boulder Creelc. Santa Cruz and . o
Principal "Way Stations 10-83*
4.lsp3>irarfc, San Jose. Los Gatos,
Writrht t8.55A
4-1 5 p Saturday and Sunday for Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz 53.55 a
COAST LINE (BroaU tta»e).
, m SW (Third and Townsend Streets^)
6-1 OA San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 8.30*
t7.OOASnn Jose and W*y Station* 5.40*
,7.15a Monterey. Santa Cruz Excursion
(Sandayonly) 10.10*
8-00A Hew Almaden (Tues., Fr!., only).. 4.10*
B.ooa The Coaater— San Jose. Sallnaa,
San Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa
i \u25a0 Margarita. San Luis Obispo,
Onadalnpe. Garlota. Santa Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura, Oxaard,
Burbank, Lot Anzeles 10-30*
B.ooa Gllroy, Holllster. CastroTtila, Dal
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf,
Lompoc.. 1040*
B.COASan Jose, Tres Plnoa, Watsonrtlla.
Capltola, Santa Cruz. Pacifia
Grove. Salinas. San Luis Obispo
and Principal Way Station 4.1 CP
1 9 00a Los Gatos, Wright, Boulder Creek,
via Santa Clara and Narrow
Gange t7-40*
10-30aS»q Jose and Way Stations l-20:»
I 1 .30a San Jose and Way Stations 7.4CW '
2.ispSan Jose and Way Stations 8-33.4
t3-00PDet Monte Ezpress— Santa Clara,
San Jose, \WuonTllle. Santa
Cruz, Del Monte. Monterey
Paclflc Grove tl2.lS*
t3-CopLoi Gaioi. Wrlsrht. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge 10 45* >
3-30P South Saa Francisco. Saa Jose, .
Gllroy. Holll»ter. Tres Plnos,
Watsonvllle. CapltolmSanta Cruz,
Sallnaa, Monterey. Pacific Grove. 10.45 a
4-30PSan Jose ancTWay Station* t7-SSA
to OOP Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatos.
Wright . t9.Cn*
IS-30P San Jose and Principal Way S tatlons 53-4CU
s.4spSanset Express— Redwood, Saa <&*&i
Jose. Gllroy, Salinas. Paso
1 Robles. Saa Lais Obispo. Santa
" Barbara, Lo« Angeles, Demtngr.
El Paso, Kew Orleans 9-10 A
5-45 P El Paso. Kansaa City. St. Louis,
Chicago "50.305*
B.4sPPaJaro. Watsonvllle. Capitols.
Snnta Cruz. Castrovllle, Dell il o.lo*
Monte, Pacific Grove f t10.30f» -? \
t6.l5PSaa Mateo, Beresford. Belmont. -^ >
San Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS-48A
630p Saa Jose and Way Stations 6.38 a
800pPalo Alto *-d Wny Stations 10.15 a
1 1 .3 0P South S»n Francisco. Mlllbrae, Bnr-
* lingame. £an Mateo, Belmoat,
San Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9.45*
11.30pSatardays only for Mayfleld, Monn-
talaVlew, Sunnyvale. Lawreace,
I Santa Clara and San Jose 19.45*
OAKLAND HARBOR JERRY
(Foot of Market SU>
f 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
_^__ 1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5.15 P.*.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSunday exempted. {Sunday only.
only.
IDally. aad stop* at all stations oa Stmdsy.
tVIT.TAMAi.PAis Railway
It. toa frari»» | jf*&£*s> I Ar. Sta Ftiaajco
1:45p 1O:l 5 A pl£§§2|/ 2:33? 6:22?
B»ard»7 13:45pj s*o2p "siairiiv"
Only 2:l3iJl*;j» VftAdij* 6:32r Oaly
4;3af 3;4Spf fci faa*i| Tk t | B:3Zp H;3Sr
•££5 1 ii J AaKET ST..(N*orth Shore Railroad)
TTK3S > and Sausauto Ff»»v V~t Market «*.
Weekly Call',
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAB.
KOOMS AND BOARD.
AA^7aifEir7IARILBOROUGH. 404 Eddy St..
JUST OPENED. Rooms modern snd up to
date; light, sunny and airy; hair mattresses:
free baths; everything elegant, fresh and
clean; table unexcelled; ratee very reason-
able; must be seen to be appreciated; located
in the heart of the city— 4o4 Eddy St.— 4o4.
"Best meals in the city."
LARGE sunny room: running water: gas;
closets; marine view; suitable for two; good
hoard; private family. 1410 Taylor Et.
JAPANESE young men could find good room
and board: new flat; front 'parlor; i-ngllsn
family. 1159 Turk st.
ELLIS 453— NU* furnished rooms, with best
French table board. MME. TEUCE.
HAWTHORNE. 18. off Howard, near Third—
Room, board: American family; $4 50 week.
• JOHNSTON, THE, COS O'Farrell— Sunny suites
and single rms: excellent board: references
Old Bteveneon Mansion. SO7 California St.; new
carpets and Interior: exceptional table: mod.
KOOMS with board; home cooking; $5 per
week ar.d n>. C&5 Howard St.
ROOMS and board. 20W Jersey st. .
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — For gentleman and daughter, two
sunny, simply furnished rooms, with uce of
bathroom. Box 8G49. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Mf:S?Rs!~G~ FOPPIANO"& CO. (scavengers')
beg to inform the public that they have pur-
vhased Eugenio Crenel's share of the busi-
ness, free from debits or credits, and that Is,
horses, wagon and all that which pertains to
the wagon. From now on the company will
be known under the nam» of G. Foppiano
& Co. (Signed) G. FOPPIANO & CO.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third: phone Grant lfll.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co., HO4
Van Ness aye. Phone East 445. Storage,
moving, packing; cut rates on freight.
CONKLIN'S etorage; furniture and merchan-
dise: Golden Gate & Larkin; phone East 136.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore tt.; phone Jackson 2SI.
PIERCE — RODOLPH — Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Flllmore: tel. West 823.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
EXPERIENCED salesmen and canvassers can
find good positions at the White Sewing Ma-
chine Company's offices, 010 Market ct., 1865
Flllmore St., San Francisco, and 470 Thir-
teenth et., Oakland.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any ;
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domea- i
tic office. IC2I Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3, $5, $$; slightly
used. $10. $15 and $20. You know where
dolle pwlr.tr In the window. 1061 Market ft.
STEAM LAUNDRIES.
LAUNDRY of kinds only union help: prices,
rooming-houses sheets and slips, 20c doz. ;
towels, each. Tel SMITH. Howard 4011.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN 1 exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, f25; other typewriters at
higher and lower price* ; rentals, ?2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec Co.. SOS Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND cotlce — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.. Giant Station, Cal. — A dividend.
No. SO, of fifty cents per share on the issued
capital stock of the company has been de-
clared payable at the San Francisco office
of the company, roonn 202, 204 and 206 Kohl
building, on August 10, 1905; transfer books
close August 3, 1905, at noon. C. C. O.UINN,
Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR FURNISHINGS FOR
BACHELOR QUARTERS. Office Isthmian
Canal Commission, Washington, D. C, July
15, 1906. Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will
be received at the office of the General Pur-
chasing Officer, Isthmian Canal Commission,
Washington, D. C. until 10:30 a. m., August
14, 1905. at which time they will be opened
In public, for furnishing Bedroom Furniture,
Hair Mattresses, Feather Pillows, Wash-
stand Sets, Student Lamps, Mosquito Bars,
etc. Blanks and full information may be
obtained from this office or the offices of the
Assistant Purchasing Agents, 24 State Street,
New York City; Custom House, New Or-
leans, La. ; 36 New Montgomery Street, San
Francisco, Cal., and Tacoma, Wash. ; also
from Chief Quartermaster, Department of the
Lakes. Chicago, and the Commercial Club,
Mobile, Ala. — D. W. Ross. General Purchas-
- lnr Officer.
U. S. ENGINEER office, Flood building, San
Francisco. Cal.. Aug. 2, 1905.— Sealed pro-
posals for dredging In Oakland harbor, Cal.,
will be received here until 12. noon. Tues-
day. September 5, 190.V information on ap-
r .l Icatlon. W. H. HEUER. Col.. Enprs.
POULTRY, EGGS, ETC. — FOR SALE.
WHITE Leghorn and P. Rock cockerels and
pullets. 1115 Broadway, r. 6. or Mrs. W.
Clausen. Baker aye.. San Leandro road.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented- U. S. and foreign;
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market st.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
ENGRAVED wedding invitations visiting and
business cards, crest, etc.; high-class work at
moderate rates. J.H.Duncan.l2G Kearny.r.l-2.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
DIED.
Anderson. H. C, 53 Maloney, Richard L.,37
Bartclme, John P.. 31 McAlister, Beinella, 30
Branin, Grace 1., 20 Merani, La2zaro, 82
Brennan, Father Miller, M. E., 38
Buckley, Mrs. J. L. Moore. Catherine, 83
Callender, John T.. 70 Mulligan, T. A., 26
Cohen. Annie, 02 Newnham, Phoebe. C 4
Colrnan, Nicholas 1. ,75 Reynolds. Ann, 79
Cotter, Mamie E. Rocca. Giuseppl
Clay, Major C. C, C 9 Rowlty, George, 29
Daily. Catherine Schleweck, Simon, 75
Dlngley, Tlioe. F-, 77 Schwarz, Henry G., 53
Emmal. Joseph 8.. 80 Seley. Alfred W., 47
Gluntini. Carlo, 05 Stelncr, Sadie
Healy, Mary A., 43 fctruver, George, 43
Hogan, William, 58 Sweet. Minerva E.. 29
Jenkins. Mary, 32 Tubino. Fannie. 52
Kelly. Sarah. 41 Umhalt. Anna, 76
Lewis. Mettle, 23
ANDERSON— In this city. August 4, 1905,
Halcott C. Anderson, beloved brother of W.
E. Anderson of Pensacola. Florida, a native
of Florida, aged 55 years.
ICyfrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday). August 7, at 10 o'clock
a. m., from the parlors of the California.
• Undertaking Company, 713 Post street, near
Jones. Incineration Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BARTELME— In this city, August 0, IUOS.
John P.. beloved husband. of Dorathea Bar-
teirne, father of Andrew. David and infant
Bartelm*-. son of Mrs. Elizabeth Bartelme.
and brother of Mrs. Margaret Serena and
Ferdinand Bartelme, a native of Chicago,
111., arcd 34 years 4 months and 30 days. -\u25a0
BRANIN— In San Lorenzo. Cal., August 5,
1905, Grace Irene Branin. daughter of Je-
mima and the late William Branin, and Bis-
ter of John. Mamie and William Branin. and'
the late Charles and Hat t ie Branin. a na-
tive of California, aged 20 years 4 months
and " days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, August 7, at 2 o'clock p. m.. at her
late residence In San Lorenzo. Interment
San Lorenzo Cemetery.
BRENNAN — A requiem high mass of month's
mind for the repose of the soul of the late
Father Brenn&n will bo celebrated In Mis-
sion Dolores Church on Thursday next, Au-
gust 10, beginning at 10 o'clock.- Clergy and
friends will please accept this notification.
BUCKLEY— In this city, August 4, 1905, Mrs.
WOODLaWN CEMETERY
Kan Mateo County. . '
MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION, '
686 James Flood Building. S. F.
I \u25a0 James McGinn. HenryHansen^'"i
JAMES McGINN & CO., " I
Formerly With McGinn Bros. I
;Funeral . Directors and Embalmers I
314 Eddy st. Tel. East 60. \u25a0 I
nOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING — Con.
FELL, 27, bet. Polk and Van Ness^ — Front and
. back t>arlor*; ras, bath; parlor floor hpuse-
keeuing. Call after o y. m.; rent lie.
FOURTH. 225— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping: also single rooms.
GEARY, *>S2 — Alcove front and kitchen; also
2 iiarlor rooms and water.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 372—1 or 2 furnished
housekeeping roon:s; other rooms; private.
HAYEt>. 332 — 3 eunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping: no children; (14.
HOWARD. 650— Front room and kitchen for
housekeeping.
HOWARD, 718 ii — Sunny housekeeping rooms:
also furnished rooms; 'respectable; locked
door.
HOWARD. 622— 2 eultes; housekeeping rooms;
also cinKle.
JESSIE. S2S— Large front room, furnished
housekeeping; gas range; sink; Jll-513 mo.
JONES, 507. corner O'Farrell— Housekeeping
rooms; nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
LARKIN. Sl7H— Nicely furnished sunny corner
room, with gas stove; reasonable. ?
LIBERTY. s<"2 — 4 unfurnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping: hath: laundry.
McALLISTER. 53!>. near Van Sen— Nicely
furnished sunny housekeeping rooms.
MCALLISTER. IOT3 — Sunny furnished house-
keeplng rooms; modern.
OAK. 117. or 1* Page— Complete hskps.: gas
range free; hot bath, laundry: $1 2a-$3 50 wk. j
PINE 7O«— Front eunny suite; gas range; fold-
lr.g bed. >13; flngl? room ?6.
*6 PEARL, nr. Market— Two rooms for house-
keeplng.
POWELL, 415 — Sunny housekeeping suite; $4
week; also small room. fS month.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— Large sunny nicely fur-
nished room; bath; phone U155.
TAYLOR 30» — 2 large sunny front roome,
with or without kitchen; also basement room.
TAYLOR. 911 — 2 front attic rooms; jras range;
$12; one sunny room, gas range. ?7 50.
TEHAMX, 44 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms.
TWO or three unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; low rent to right parties without |
children or piano. Box K414. Call.
TWENTY-SlXth. 3377, near Mission— 2 or 3
front sunr.y furnished housekeeping rooms;
ga 50 to f 3 week.
WILLOW ay«., 8, oft Larkin, near Eddy— 2
rms. fur, gen, hskpg.; no children; $12 50.
~~~~ APARTMENT HOUSES.
ESTHKR, 1419 Leavenworth, near Washington
—Open to-day. 10 to 4:30; greatest novelty
«ver sot up for housekeeping; the convenience
of 5 rooms In 2; see this without fail: you
\u25a0can't afford to miss it; rents $30 to $32 50;
first hous« of its kind in this city; call to-day.
THE Vera Apartments, 1007 Bush St., near
Jones; under entirely new management; new
and thoroughly renovated: 2 and 3 room
euites. furn. or un/urn. for hskpg. ; also beau-
t.fully turn, single rms.. for gents; reas.
A— ST. LAWRENCE APARTMENT — New.
modern building; furn. or unfurn. apart- \u25a0
ments of 2, 3. 4 rooms; private baths; from
$15 to $.">5. Fhor.e Main 5100. 1335 Mason st.
TO lease— First-class apart m«m house; new; j
112 rooms; 33 baths: Broadway, adjolnlnr
Postofftce. Oakland. A. D. WILSON, 1022
Broadway. Oakland.
A— KENILWORTH. cor. Bush. Powell; 3-roorn
eunny aprts.; single rooms: modern; reas.
AlilEL flats. T>3l Turk — 1-2-3-room housekeep-
" ing apartments; furn. or unfurn. ; reasonable.
EL CAP.MELO. 1719 Washington, r.r. Van Ness
aye. — Sunny 3, 5. 6 room apts.; -also single.
THE Fred.-rick. 901 Stanyan— l to 5 rooms.
overlcoking GolJen Gate Park: tcl. Page 6166.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St. — Rooms
\u25a0 2!»c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 673 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c to 50c, $1. $160 night;
fl ."•" to $10 week: house open all night.
EELMOND House, over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. 1128 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights, running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to JtOc per night; fl 25 to $3 week.
BERNARD. 77 — For two; large sunny bay-
window room; view; modern, convenient,
reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 1520— Three sunny housekeep-
ing rooms furnished to suit tenant.
CLAY. 2403 — Sunny furnrshed room bath and
phone: private lamily; no sign; $7.
EDDY. 514 — Large, sunny, furniched room; ali
conveniences.
EDDY. 974 — S. 4 and 6 room apartments;
newly furnished; sunny; close In; opposite
Jefferscn square.
EIGHTEENTH. 4131. near Castro — Furnished.
large, front room, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
—^ — — — — — —^^~
FELL, a 54 — A pleasant home for elderly gen-
tleman in Jewish ramily; no children; refs.
FIFTEENTH. 534— Furnished rooms.
FLORIDA. 7«-5 — Large, \u25a0 furnished room with
use of parlor, piano and kitchen; rent $10.
FOURTH. 271 — 100 rooms; all sizes and prices;
new. modern; ljot and cold water.
-
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 547. opposite Jefferson
Square — Half of modern sunny well fur-
nished flat.
GRAND SOUTHERN. Seventh and Mission—
100 roon-.s. 35c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $7 wk.
I HOTEL Hamilton. 125 Ellis— New hotel. Just
opened; class "A": tteel building, strictly
fireproof; European plan; c telephone and
•\u25a0team heat in every room; rooms without
bath. $1 per day: with bath. $1 50 to $3; re-
duced rate* by week or month.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN, cor. Ellis and Leav-
enworth — 300 rooms: modern and up to date;
light, tarty and airy; hair mattresses; free
baths: everything fresh aad clean; single
rooms and baths; reasonable rates.
HAMPTON place. 16 — Furnished rooms to let.
HAWTHORNE. 172, nr. Harrison — Sunny room
In reflntd family for 1 or 2; board optional;
references.
.HAVES, 136. cor. Van Ness — Neat sunny bed-
room; cuitable for cents; *7.
HOWARD. 713 — Rooms, 25c to $1 per day;
$150 to $3 per week; r*»dlng-room. etc.
HOWARD, $29— ROOMS. ROOMS: CLEAN.
CLEAN: TRANSIENT; REASONABLE.
KEARNY, 229^ — Sunny roorrs, en suite or sin-
gle. Phone Black 444 C.
KEARNY. 305 — Nioly furnlshfd rooms; also
light housekeeping rooms; ga^-'. bath.
LEAVENWORTH. 1302. corner Clay— Large,
euuny. corner room; run. water, phone; gent.
MARKET. 75» — Fine furn. rooms: gas, electric
lights, running water: convenient; reasonable.
MARKET. 1004— Single room to rent; third '
floor: SI 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Tiiird St.— 4oo
slngls and ramily room*. 35c to $1 50 per day:
$2 to IS w«k; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house la San Francisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room, and gives free baths and ele-
xator day and nicht to its guests.
NUVTH. 124 — Sunny front hall room; large
closet; sa&; $7.
OTAKKEU* 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator and electric lights: unfurnished offices.
ItIO VISTA Hotel. 253 Third «t.. nr. Howard—
New house, with modern convenience*; rooms
f-n suite and plnzle: rates by day 35c up;
by week. $2 up: baths free to guests.
THE FLORENCE. 102 Ellis, corner Powell —
Itoomts. Ti<jc and upward; first -class service;
epeclal ratee by week to families.
THE Pierre. 579 OFarrell— Beautifully fur-
nished eultc and Etajcte; reasonable.
TURK. 204 — Nicely furnlebed sunny rooms;
»>uiet house: rent cheap.
TURK. <H — Papered, clran sunny rooms;
suites, single; also housekeeping rooms; gas
or coal at ox*.
TI.'P.K, 727 — 2 sunny unfurnished connecting
rooms and kitchen with stove; private fam-
»y.
TWENTY-THIRO. 3726. near Dolores— Three
sunny bay-window rooms; nice, neat, cum-
plcte.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market — »00
rooms. 3Tic to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
trir lights <no 6**), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; fre< bus. baggage.
VAN NESS, S13 — Sunny suite; bath, tld. bed.
Hat- raiy-e. etc.; no children; rent reduced.
WEBSTER. IS22— To let, 5 furnished rooms
bath and ;iiano, for three months.
WOLF HOUSE. Sixth and Howard sts.— Best
known transient house in city; clfan. neat;
charge* reasonable; central location com-
mends It to traveling public; cafe attached:
cars lias* door. G. H. yon der Mehden. prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms,
C.V: to $1 50 nightly. ?2 to $8 week; elevator;
«-lee. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggaee.
A BRANCH office of The Ctll for the reception
of advertisements snd subscription* has been
rpemd et 100$ Market et.. ooposite Firth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call L: inch office, cor. Duncan &. Church sts.
will be celebrated for the repose of her eoul.
commencing at 9 :30 a.m. Interment ' Holy
Cross Cemetery. . Please omit flowrrs. .
ROCCA— In; this city. August 6, 1905. Glu-
seppl. dearly beloved- husband of Maria
Rocca, and devoted father of Joseph" and
Angelo Rocca and Mrs. R. Gardella, a native
of Italy. .
ROWLEY— In the City and County Hospital,
August 6, 1906, 1 George Rowley, a native of
| lowa, ased 29 years.
SCHLEWECK— In this city. August 5.1 1905,
Simon, beloved husband of Emma Schleweck,
and devoted father of Simon Schleweck Jr..
Mrs. Malcolm Kerr and the late Charles
Schleweck, a native of Wurtemberg, Ger-
many, aged 75 years and 0 months. A mem-
ber of Martha Lodge No. 241. K. of H. ; .
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral to-morrow
(Tuesday), August 8, at 1:30 p. m.. from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr &. Co.. .1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
where services, will be held under the aus-
pices of Martha Lodge No. 241, Knights ot
.Honor. * Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SCHWARZ— In this city, August 5. 1905,
Henry G., beloved husband of Christine W.
Schwarz, and father of Harry, Charles, Wal-
ter, Ralph and Ruth Schwarz, a native of
Bochum, Germany, aged 53 years "5 months
and 1 day.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend " the funeral services
Tuesday, August 8, at 1 o'clock' p. m., at
his late residence, 1400. Lyon street. Inter-
ment National Cemetery, Presidio. .
SELEY— In this city. August 4. 19C5. Alfred
W., beloved son of Mary A. and the late
Colonel A. H. Seley, a native of Centralia,
111., aged 47 years and 10 months. A mem-
ber of Company C, First California Volun-
teers. : ..
CFrlends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 11 a. m., from the. parlors of
McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
STEINER— In this city, August 6, 1905, Sadie,
beloved daughter of Leopold and the late
Julia Stelner, and sister of Tillie and S!b-
mund Stelner and Mrs. Annie Goodfriend, a
native of San Francisco, Cal.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully \u25a0 Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, August 8, at 10 o'clock a. m., at
\u25a0 her late residence, 1234 Eddy street. Inter-
ment private. Eternal Home Cemetery, by
11:30 train from Third and Townsend streets.
STRUVER— In 'the City and County Hospital,
August 6, 13i)5, George Struver, a native ol
Germany, ased 43 years.
SWEET— In this city, August 4, 1905, Minerva
E. Sweet, beloved wife of G. J. Sweet, a
native of California, aged 29 years. ; •
tCTTuneral and interment private.
TUBINO — In this city, August 4, 1905, Fan-
nie Tubino. beloved wife of the late Do-
menleo Tubino, a native of France, aged 52
years. .
O"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tli£ funeral to-day
(Monday), August 7, at 1 o'clock p. m., from
the Darlors of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue. Interment New Italian
Cemetery.
UMHALT— In this city, August 5, 1905,
Anna, beloved mother of Mrs. C. A. Hunte-
mann. Charles and Andrew Qualllns and of
the late Julius Umhalt, and grandmother of
Julius, Albert and Alma Umhalt.' a native
of Rendsburar,' Germany, aged 70 years ti
months and 2 days.
[ET Friends and acquaintances ate respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday). August 7, at 1 o'clock p.m.,
.at the residence of her daughter, Mrs.C.' A.
Huntemar.n, 1617 Dupont street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage. Kindly
omit flowers.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith desire to express our sincere
thanks to the many friends who gave so
many evidences of their heartfelt and com-
forting: sympathy and beautiful floral offer-
ings during the sad hours of our bereave-
ment In the loss of a loving wife, daughter
and sister, Winifred Estella Yunker. \u25a0 .
LOUIS YUNKER, husband; Mr. and Mrs.
Wm. Daniels, Mrs. C. Timms, Mrs. Wm.
Totten, Albert N. Daniel*.
Johanna L. Buckley, beloved mother of. Wil-
liam E. and David J. Buckley, and sister of
Mli-s 'Mary Kollls, a. native of Ireland.
(ETThe funeral will lake place Monday,'
August 7, at y o'clock, a. m., from her late
residence, 421 Folsom street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, corner Fremont and Har-
rison, where a solemn requiem high mass
for. the repose of her soul will be celebrated,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CAI..LENDER— In Oakland, Cal., August 6.
I!Hj5, John Thomas, beloved husband of the
late Mary Callender. and father of Mrs.
Pinkie Taylor and Mrs. Amelia Davis, a na-
tive of Barbadoes. aged 70 years.
COHEN— In this city. August 6, 1005. Annie,
beloved wife of the late Marcus S. Cohen,
and beloved mother of Isaac L. Cohen, the
late Selig Cohen and Mrs. L. Wood, a native
of Poland, aced tSI years 11 months and
25 days.
(CKrierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tt> attend the tuneful to-day
(Monday), at 1 :.*so o'clock p. m.. from the
residence of her daughter, 416 Waller street.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by
carriage. Please- omit flowers.
COLMAN— In this city, August G. 1005. Nicho-
las J., beloved husband of Jane E. Colman,
and lather of Murray N.. Mario L., Rlttd
G. and Uenevieve Colman and Mrs. F. J.
Llndeman of Honolulu, a native of Ireland,
aged 75 ye"are 1 month and 5 days. A mem-
ber of the Gentlemen's Sodality of St. -Ig-
natius Church.
' ICTThe office of the dead will be recited
for our departed brother Soda! Ist next Thurs-
day (not Tuesday) evening, at 8 o'clock p.
m.. In the Sodality (."haoel. t *
JAMES. 11. KELLY. Prefect.
COTTER— An anniversary solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated" Monday. August i.
*at S o'clock, at St. Ignatius Church for the
repose of the soul of the late Mamie E. Col-
ter, beloved dauchter of Catherine Cotter,
and beloved sister of Peter J.. Tboman S..
Katie and Nora Cotter. Friends are respect-
fully invited- to attend.
CLAY— In Fruitvale, Calr. August 6, 1005,
Major Charles Clement Clay, beloved husband
of Annie L. Clay, and father of Phllio 1.
and Madeline Clay and Mrs. Harden Lake
Crawford, a native of Dytr County. Term..
aged tiU years. (Memphis. Term., and Los
Angeles, Cal., papers please copy.)
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
DAILY— In this city, August 5, 1005, Cather-
ine Dally, a native of County Cavan, Ireland.
(Cy,The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), from the chapel of St. Josephs
Hospital, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated lor the repose of her soul at
* 8:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DINGLEY — In Los Angeles, Cal.. August 4,
J'JOG, Thomas F., beloved husband of Mary
T. Dlngley, father ot Carrie, Eugene, Rus-
Eell and Charlts Dlnjrley, and brother of
Mrs H. F. Winslow, and the late Harvey,
William and Charles L. Dingley. a native of
Hatiowell, Maine, aged 77 years 10 months
and 25 days. (Hallowell, Maine, and Provi-
dence, R. 1., papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invittd to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), August 7, at 3 o'clock p.
m.. at the Howard-street M. E. Church. In-
terment private. Remains at the parlors of
the Western Addition Funeral Directors.
1724 Devisadero street, between Sutter and
Bush.
EMMAL— At rest, August 4, 1905, Joseph
Hurt, beloved husband of Mary Jane Em-
mal, father of Dr. Frank S. Emmal and
Will B. Emmal, MrE. Charles Patten. Mrs.
Osgood K. Jones and the late Joeerh B.
Emmal Jr., and brother of William B. Em-
mal of Lexington, Ky.. a native of New
Jersey, aced 'M years 1 month and 20 days.
(CTFriendB ami acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
August 8, at 1 :\u25a0"*<> o'clock p. m., irom his
late residence. 2080 Howard street, thence by
electric funeral car from corner ot Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock p m. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Pleiise
omit flowers.
GH'NTINI— In this city, August 5, 1905, Carlo
Uluntini. beloved husband of Felicina Giun-
tlni, and father ot Lulgi, Cesare, Giuseppe.
Fttore and Adolfo Gluntini, Mrs. Isola Paga-
mlccl and Mrs. Lorenzlna Puccinello, a na-
tive of Lucca, Italy, aged 65 years.
CTFriends and acqualntarices are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
August S, at 1 o'clock p. m., from his late
rtsiilence, 222 Paciric street. Interment Ital-
ian Cemetery.
HEALY— In Oakland. Cal., August 5, 1905,
Mary A., beloved wife ot Abraham Healy,
mother of John, Joseph and Mary F. Healy
and the late Theresa Healy, and sister of
Thomas, James and Patrick Healy, a native
of County Galway, Ireland, aged 43 years
2 months and 14 days.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuetidav.
August 8, at 8 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 836 Forty-fourth street, Oakland,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, corner of
Fortieth and Grove streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at U
o'clock sharp. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery.
HOGAN— In this city. August 6, 1905. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Nellie Hogan, and
brother of Bartholomew J. Hogan and Mrs.
Mary Noonan, Mrs. Alex. Brazeau and Mrs.
Charles Winne. a native of Caetle Lyons.
County Cork, Ireland, aged 58 years 5 months
and 11 days. A member of Myrtle Lodge
No 42. A. O. U. W.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at »:3O a. m., from his late
residence, 1355 Grove street, thence to Sa-
cred Heart Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
JENKINS— In this city, August 0, 1905. Mary
Jenkins, beloved wife of Frederick Jenkins,
mother of Joseph and the late Frederick Val-
entine Jenkins, and sister of Mrs. J. War-
nock, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 32
years.
KELLY — In this city, August 5, 1905, Sarah,
beloved wife of John Kelly, mother of Katie,
John and Raymond Kelly, sister of Mrs.
\V. C. Gifford, Mrs. W. J. O'Farrell and
the late Mrs. Otis Butler, and daughter of
Rodman and the late Sarah Sweet, a native
ot San Francisco, aged 41 years and ti days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 6:30 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 2212% Pine Btreet, thence
to St. Dominic's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEWIS — In the City and County Hospital, Au-
gust (3, 11)05, Mettle Lewis, a native of Call-
lornla, ased 23 years.
MALONEY— In Santa Barbara, Cal., August
4, 1905, Richard L-, beloved husband of Mary
Maloney, father of Joseph and Genevieve
Maloney, and brother of Joseph Maloney of
San Jose, a native of Missouri, aged 37
years 3 months and 15 days. A member of
San Luis Obispo Lodge No. C 53, B. of R. T.,
and Santa Barbara Aerie No. 442, F. O. E.
£C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fun<yal services
to-day (Monday), August 7, at 10 o'clock a.
m., at ' the residence of M. Donovan. 210
Ninth street. Oakland, Cal., thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
at 10:30 a, m. a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery.
McALISTER— In Oakland, Cal., August 6, 1905,
Belnella Maud McAlister. beloved wife of
William McAlister. daughter of Charles W.
Webber, and sister of Charles W. Webber
Jr., a native of California, aged- 30 years
4> months and 18 days. ...
MERANI— In this city, August 4, 1905, Laz-
zaru, beloved husband of the late Julia Me-
rani, and devoted father of Joseph Merani,
Mrs. E. Ferrea. Mrs. M. CervelU and th«
late Emelio Merani, a native of Levanto,
Italy, aged 82 years 4 months and 2ti days.
C7"Servlces to-morrow (Tuesday), 'August
8, at 10 o'clock a. m., at his late residence,
1851 Stockton street, thence to Sts. Peter
and Paul's Italian Church, where a. requiem
high mase will be celebrated for the reposa
of his soul, commencing at 10:30 -a. m.
sharp. Please omit flowers.
MILLER — In j San Leandro, Cal., August 3,
1905, M. EX Miller, beloved husband of Har-
riet A. Miller, loving father of Luella and
Aura Miller, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
M. Miller, and loving brother of Mrs. A. J.
King and Mrs. A.- J. Leno, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 3S years ti months and 17 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, August 7, at 1 o'clock p. m.. at the
W. P. E. C. Hall, San Leandro. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland, g .
MOORE— In this city, August 3, 1005,' Mrs.
Catherine Moore, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. Allen Pearley, -Mrs. -Joseph M. Ellen-
brook, William Moore and the late Henry
Moore, a native of Ireland, aced 83 years.
(C7'lnterment private. .
MULLIGAN— In this city. August <£ 1905, at v
1021 Hyde street, Thomas A., dearly beloved
son of KHzabeth and the late Peter Mulli-
gan, and lovlne brother of Alice, Alex P.
and Tessie Mulligan, Mrs. J. J. Jordan and
Mrs. A. J. Chlsholm, and the late . Joseph
and Nellie Mulligan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 215 years. A member of Nlantic
Parlor No. 105, N. S. G. W.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. -•' ' .
NEWNHAM— In this city, August 4, 1005,
Phoebe Newnham, ! beloved mother of Mrs.
J. Baker, Mr». . N. Payne. Mrs. George Grlf-
-flths, John James, Thomas' Mansfleld. and
. William, Arthur, Joseph. George, Frances,
Phoebe and Albert Newnham, a native of
Kncland, ; aced 04 , years 10 months and •10
- .days. \u25a0--..-. \u25a0 \u25a0 .. ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 > '.. . •...\u25a0\u25a0':\u25a0.\u25a0
iCFriende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the- funeral to-day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Hatatcd & Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage." \u25a0 ','-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0•- '\u25a0 - .3 \u25a0 \u25a0 ,'\u25a0 ': . ' , \u25a0 .'.
REYNOLDS (WELCH)— In this city, August'
5. 1905, Ann Reynolds," beloved * mother of
Charles W., Joseph I>., Edward F. .Welch
and the late. John J.- Welch and Mrs. M: E.
• Biggy, a native . of Ireland, aged 7!) years
and 8 months. . \u25a0 ";-",'.
E7Frlends are respectfully Invited '• to at-
tend the funeral Monday, August 7. at 9 a.
m., from the repldence of her son,; Joseph D.
Welch, 1713 'Eddy street,- thence to Holy
Cross : Church, where a' requiem, high mass
;peots \u25a0
In Odd Fellows' and Masonic Cemeteries can be
. • exchanged for Plots : in \u25a0 \u25a0 -
MT. ". O L, I VET' UE METER V.;
For - particulars : apply -at : City -Office,' ' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0
GRANT BLDG., MARKET & SEVENTH STS.BUFFALO', Aug. 6.— -Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Fort Erie:
First race, cix fprlqngs. four- year-olds and
up selling— Chamblee 114, Bensonhurst 111,
Reeves \u25a0 101).' Monis 100, Hobson's Choice ItM,
Jim Hale 106, Devonshire 100. Ghost 106, Jim
Ferrin 101; Showman 101. ,i
N Second race, five furlongs, two-year-old ni
lie«. selling— Lady Travers 109, Skeptical IC7,
Sweet Flavla 107, Calox ICS, Lena Jones 105,
Oak Grove 102, Charge 100. Pirate'« \u25a0 Dream
100 Alma Garda ICO. Marvel P 100, Lady
Stewart 05, Fairy Flush 106.
Third race, nix furlongs, three-year-olds and ,
up, selling— Brushton: 104, Ralph Reese 103,
Norwood Ohio 102, The Lexington Leader 99,
Silurian 99, '•\u25a0 Klnecrane • 89. ..- Yp^fian »«, Miss
Cornet 94. John H. Klrby TO. .Trackless S5.
Ttappist 85. Affray 85.' -
Fourth race, one mile. Civic Holiday handi
cap,s6oo added-^-Hans Wagner 116, Baikal
104. Varieties 101. Our Bessie 102, Don Domo
100, Ora Viva 100, Mcllvaln 96, Bonnie Sue
94, Red Light 02.- (Couple Bessie-Domo, New
man entry.) '- : , ; \u25a0. -. - ;.'
Fifth race, one and a elxteenth miles, three- :
year-olds ; and up. selling— lnk 107, Day 105,
Water Tower 104, ' Reveille: 101. Solon Shingle i
100, Fairbury 100, Colonist; OS. Depends 92,
Bugler 94, Rudabek 93, Wissendine 91;.
Sixth race, six furlongs, '< four-year-olds and
up; scllinir— Bart Howo 111. The Hawaiian
l&V Immortelle 104. Dynasty 104, Llla Noel
104. Hindoo Princess 104 v >. Rawhide 101, Tony
Hart 101. Old. Mike 101, Soundly 99.
Seventh race, one mile— The Don 114. Henry
Wai te 107. Ruby. Ring 104, Capitano 104.
W«lrdsome 101, Cheripe 97,' frestlge 91. Savior
Falre.SS. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -.; \u25a0- - '-''.- ' \u25a0 \u25a0 ' ', \u25a0 ,-\u25a0 \u25a0 ;
FORT ERIE SELECTIONS.
By New York Morning Telegraph.
- Firat race — Reeves, 'Devonshire,
Monln. ' r~*~: : -"' ; ':^'^v'\
Second race— Charge, Skeptical, Lena
Jones. - : . *
• Third race — The Lexington Leader,
Trapplst, Yo San. \u25a0 \u25a0 '
Fourth !race— Bonnie Sue, Ora Vlvai
Varieties.- '. " r
Flftu'rnce— Depends, Ink, Colonist.
• Sixth' race>— Dynasty, Hindoo Prlri
ceMS, ~ Rawhide. , " .' \u0084'.'/ "
Seventh , rnce— Henry Waite, Capi
«nno,--:RubyißU>R.'.- . -.' - \u0084*
.DISLOCATED SHOULDER.— E.7 Wendlund
fell down the stairway of his residence at 2259
Lombard' street yesterday afternoon I and dislo
cated . his shoulder. \u25a0He - was • treated \u25a0at tb»
Central Emergency. Hospital. -
Earned runs— Seattle I, LOs Angeles 1. Two
bace hits — McHale, Brashear. Double play
Frick to' Hait to Kane, sacrifice hits — Kane,
Ross. Stolen bases — Flood, Dillon Tozei
Struck cut— By Fitzpatrick 2, by Tozer 5.
Bases on balls — Off Fitzpatrick 4, off Tozer 3.
Wild pitch— Fitr.patrlck. Left on bases—Seat
tlu 7, Lou Angelts 2. Time of game — One hour
and forty-five minutes.- Umpire — Davis.
SUMMARY.
Seattle 00000100 o*— 1
Base hits 10020300 o—6
Los Angeles 0 1021 00 0 0— 4
Base hits. 01 Oil 20 1 0— 0
Totals ....30 4 6 27 9 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Totals" 34 1 6 27 16 C
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Bernard, c. t ..4 0 0 3 00
Flood. 2b 2 0 1 1 4 1
fcmith. oW. 4 0 1 1 1 o
Dillon, lb 4* I 0 0 1 0
Brashear, s. 6 3'l-l 1 2 1
Ross, 1. f '2 1 0 4 0 0
Cravath, r. f 4 0 3 1 o 1
Spies, c 4 0 0 6 0 0
Tozer, p 3 1 0 1 1 o
„. , '-I . A3. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Walters, r. f 5 0 1 l O 0
Kane, 3b 4 0 0 3 2 0
Hart, lb 3 o'o ' 13 1 0
Frick, 2b... » 3 0 1 2 4 1
Uoutr, 1. f 4 0 1 10 0
Frary. c 3 0 0 2 5 1
R. Hall. .8. g 4 1 13,3 0
McHale, c. f 4 0 1 2 0 0
Fitzpatrick, p 4 0 1 0 1 1
Second Game.
SEATTLE.
in to-day's double-header between Ta
coma and San Francisco. ' The teams
took three games each in the series,
three of them being shut-outs. In the
morning Thomas was hit harder than
Whalen, but with better base running
T-cu:oma might have won. In tho after
noon Emerson pitched star ball and
held the visitors safe at all times. Ta
coma hit Williams opportunely. Nor
dyke's home run being a feature.
Scores:
T&COMA.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Doyle, r. f 5 0 0 0 0 0
.Sheehan, Ob. 5 0 1 6 2 0
Nordyke. lb 4 0 0 13 2 0
Faran. s. s 4 1 1 0 3 0
McLauphltn, 1/ f 2 0 0 1 10
Lynch, c. f 4 1 3 0 0 O
rasey, 2b 2 1 1 1 4 0
Hogan. c 3 0 15 10
Tfcomas, p 4 0 1 1 4 0
Totals 33 ~3 S 27 17 0
fc-AN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Spencer, r. f 5 0 1 0.0 0
Waldron. c. f 4 1 1 3 0 0
Mchler. 2b. ..: 4 1 1 1 2 0
Hlldebrand, 1. f 3• 0 2 2 0 0
Irwln. 3b 3 112 2 0
Nealon. lb 2 1 2 11 0 2
Wilson, c. .' 4 0 1 6 1 1
Gorhnauer, s. s 4 0 1 2 4- 0
Whaten, p 4 0 0 0 5 0
ToUU 33 4 10 27 14 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Taeoma 0 1 0 0 0 2 0 0 x — 3
Base hits 02120201 x— B
San Francisco .10 0 :t 0 0 0 0 o—4
Base hits 1005 01 1.2 o—lo
SUMMARY.
Struck out — By Thomas 5, by Whalen fl.
Bases on balls — Oft Thomas' 3. off 'Whalen 4.
Wild pitch — Whalen. Stolen bases — Eagan,
Hildebrand, Waldron. Nealon. Sacrifice hits —
McLaughlin, Casey, Hogan, Nealon. Two
base hits — Shc-han. Waldron, Mohler. Nealon.
First base on errors — Tacoma 2. Double play —
Sheehan to Nordyke to Sheehan. Left on bases
— Tacoma 10. San Francisco 6. Time of game
— One hour and forty-five- minutes. Umpire —
Perine. . |
Second Game.
TACOMA.
Doyle, r. f.... ...•«..»... 3 1 1 1 1 1
Rheehan, 3b 3 I 11 3 0
Nordyke, lb 4 1 3 0 1 ft
Kagan. s. « :.K. 4 0 0 2 3 0
McLaughlln. 1. 1 4 1 1 O 0 0
Lynch, c. f 3 0 13 0 0
Casey. 2b 3 0 12 2 o
Graham, c 3 0 0 8 3 0
Emerson, p 3 1 1 1 1.0
Totals 30 5 9 27 14 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R..BH. PO. A. E.
Fpencer, r. f.,. 4.0 0 1 0. 0
"VValdron. C. t 3 0 2 1 0 0
Mohler. 2b 4 0 0 3 5 1
Hildebrand, 1. f 4 0 1 0 0 0
Irwln. 3b .V 4 0 1 12 0
Nealon. lb 3 0 1 12 0 0
Sbea. c .3 O 0 4. 3 0:
Gochnauer, s. •:...:.. ..\.*3 0 0 2 5\u25a0 0;
William*, p 3 0 1 0 1 1
ToUU 31 0 6 24 16 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ean Francisco... 0000000 0 0— 0
Base hit* 110012001— C
Tacoma. 100002 11 x — 5
Bate hits 1 2 0 0 03 1 2 x— 9
SUMMARY.
Struck out — By Emerson 7.'. by . Williams ,4.
Bake on balls — Off Emereon. Stolen, bates —
Eheehan. Doyle, Nealon. Macriflce hits — Doyle,
Sheenan. Two-base hits — Sheehan, - McLaugti-
Hn, Nordyke. Home run — Nordyke. . First baso
on errors — San Francisco 1, Tacoma 1.,- Double
play — Gochnauer to Mohler to Nealon. Left on
base* — Tacoma 3, San Francisco 5. Time . of
game — One hour and forty minutes. - Umpire —
Perine. . .•
Basher Kmerson ' Has Everything and
.Vorrtyke Helps With* Home Run.
TACOMA, Aug. 6. — Honors were even
EVEN BREAK AT TIGERTOWN.
Corbett Gets a Beating.
The Commuters liked the kind that
" T<=ddy Corbett threw at them in the
morning game at Oakland. Thirteen
times they. singled his offerings and the
result was nine runs. Graham had
everything, so the Giants were lucky
to bunch three hits on him in the sixth
and get a run. The score:
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
r Atz. ss 3 O 1 0 10 ' O 1
ftCCCr^edie. rf 4\OJ 0 O 0.0
Fleming. If 4 1-1 v i o «
Householder, cf 4 0 2.0 3 0i 0
Van Bur«n, lb 4 0 0 0 5 S'-'S
Runkle. Sb 3 0 1 0 0-2 0
Cste*. 2U 4 0 0 0 12 0
Conrad, c 4 0 O O 4 3 0
Corbett. p 2 0 0 0 04-0
Totali M ~1 ~6 "o 24 14 ~3
OAKLAND.
AB. 11. BH. EB. PO. A. E-
Van Htltrcn, .cf 4 2 1110 0
Krancks, t-s 3 1 1 1 O 4 ;0 i
Dur.Jeav v. if 3 2 2 0 1 O 0
Kvugtr. "lb .'. 4 <> 1 O 9 O O'
Kelly, 2l> 4 O o 0 2 5 0
<3i*ham. p 4 2 3 1 0 0.0-
J_x>\ereaux, 3b 4 I 2 0 3-2 '0 !
Stanley, c 3 1 1 0 10 1 0
Croll. rf 2 0 2 0 10 0
... . — — — . — — — — I
Totals'... 31 9 13.3 27 12 Oi
KUNB AND HITS DV INNINGS.
T'crtiand O « 0 o 01 0 0 o—l
Uase hits .0 1-1 0 o'3 I 0 o—6
Oakland 2 2 0 0 n 2 8 O x— 9
Ease hits . :...-.S 3 0 10 2 3 1 x— l 3
SUMMARY.
Tnre«-b«s« bit— Duiilcavy. - Two-bate hits—
DunleAvy, l^cvereaux. Croll, Stanley. Sacrifice
hits— Francks. Stanley, Dunlcavy. First ba»«
oa «rron— Oakland 2. First base on called
balls— OS. Corbett J. off Graham 3. Ltft on
bases— Portland 7, Oakland 2. Struck out —
By Oorbett 4, fey Graham 8. Double play —
Stanley to Devereaux to Kelly to Devereaux.
Time of same — One hour forty minutes. Um
pires—Bray and McDonald.
ANGELS AND SIWASHES SPLIT.
Blankennhlp'a Absence Brings Disaster
to Senttle In' Second Game.
SEATTLE. Aug. 6.— Seattle and . Los
Angeles took a game each thin after
noon. The local team won out In. the
flrst match. Charley Shields and Baum
broken even on hits, each getting touched
up for four. In the last game the Seat
tle team was broken up, as Blanken
ship was taken out and Frary brought
in from first to catch. Scores: • ,
SEATTLE.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Walters, r. 1 4 1 1 100
Kane, 3b. 2 0 0 \u25a0•_> 2 0
Blankenshlp. c .3 1 «l l fl i o
Hart. c. I. i. ............ 2 0 0 2 .1 o
Frick. 2b. 3 0 0 2 1 0
Houtx. I. f. 2 0 0 2 0 0
Krary. 1b 3 0 1 6 11
Champion stake, first- round — Tralee. Maid
beat Th» Duke. 6-3: Flower Girl beat Rocked
Asleep 11-7: Panoche beat Patched Up, 8-4;
Gold Chain beat Carlow Boy. S-2: Agile Spurt
bea- Pasha Pleasant. 5-3; Hudson beat Barge.
:i-2; Richard Anton beat Lucy Clair. 11-9;
The Referee beat Tralee> Best. 7-4.
Second round— Tralee Maid a bye. Flower
Girl withdrawn; Panocb** beat Gold Chain. 4-3;
Hudson beat Agile Spurt. 5-2; The Referee a
bye. Richard Anton withdrawn.
Third round — Panoche beat Tralee Maid.
S-6; Hudson beat The- Referee. 4-2.
Deciding course — \u25a0Hudson beat Panoche. 8-5.
Grand National stakes — Huraboldt beat Poca
tclil three straight courses. 12-10, 6-0, 4-2.
PHILLIES AND CARDINALS!
EVEN IN DOUBLE HEADER
Ciuclunatl nivldcs Honors With Brook
lyn. While Lundgren of Cblcagro
Shnts Boston Out.
STANDING •FTHE CLUBS.
(Amerlcan League.) ' (National League.)
W. L. Pet. W, L. Pet.
Philadelphia Bl 3« XOO New Y0rk... 69 28 .711
Chicago 51 37 .SSO Pittsburg ...61 35 .K35
Cleveland ...W 40 .570 Philadelphia 58 39 .538
New York..K> 4t .."-'i Chicago 57 42 .576
Boston 44 4! .Jin Cincinnati ..50 49 .505
Detroit 44 4S .-ITS Louis ...37 64 .368
Washington. ;?5 55 .3>(. Boston 3169.710
St. Louis... 3. 5a Mil Jrocklyn ...29 CO .505
Bis Surprint? In Sprunsr on the Fol-
lowers of Uamc at California
" Courts.
Two feature .matches were played on
the California Tennis Club courts yester
day. In one Carl Gardiner met Herbert
Schmidt, and in the other George Busch,
who recently won the championshlo of
the Northwest at Portland, and Frank
Mitchell came together. In the first Gar
diner showed a return to the form which
won him the championship of San Fran
cisco in May. He started off with the
same falling off in effectiveness of play
which he had shown over since that
event, losing the first set, -2-6 v After that
he was all himself again, and had per
feet command of his strokes, driving,
smashing, \u25a0 chopping and volleying with
equal brilliancy and accuracy, and hav
ing the speedy Schmidt at a disadvan
tage in every style of play. He won the
next four sets almost as he pleased, the
score being 6-2, 6-3, 6-0 and S-6. the latter
being the only one in which Schmidt
made any showing.
The second match furnished a surprise,
Mitchell handily taking Busch into camp.
It was the latter's first appearance since
his return, laden with laurels from the
Northwest, and he hardly did himself
justice. His forehand drive was his m^st
effective stroke, and even with that he
was not sure of himself. At the net and
with his back-hand stroke lie was away
off in his piny. Although he has not beon
or. the courts much for several we<jks,
Mitchell played good ten:i:s, and dis
posed of the champion handily.
For ..lower, class men, IZ. E. Punnett
end F." Black put up a good ar f . : cle of
tennis in a' two-set match. In which each
won a set, the score being 6-4 and 3-6.
Gt-orge Cutler beat Punnett two rtraight
sets, 6-4 and 6-G. .
Next Sunday a handicap doubles tour
ram* nt will be held on- the . California
C!ul> courts. On the following Sunday
a class singles for all four clashes will
ba held. Entries for the dmbics will
close on Bunday morning, and for, the
doubles on the 19th.
On the park courts the feature of the
day was a challenge doubles match* be
tween Charles Foley and R. N Whitne.v
and George Baker and C. Dunlap. The
first named pair, feeling that they dM
not do themselves justice in the recent
doubles tournament, sought a match with
the winners of the event, playing them
on even terms tnd winning easily in threu
straight sets by a score of rt-1, 'J-2, C-2.
To-morrow la tUe «lay of the primary
battle. Every lionewt vote Is needed.
OTTO FEUDNER DOES SOME
EXCEPTIONAL SHOOTING
(NATIONAL LEAGUE.)
ST. LOUIS. August 6.— St. Louis and Phila
delphia broke even In a double-header to-day.
Taylor outpltched Corridon In the flrst game.
Duffy's triple and Gleason's doubl« won the
a;cond game. Nichols pitched superb ball.
Thleliren was well supported and was invin
cible In all but one inning. Attendance, 10.500.
fcC FMrat same— R-' H. E.
St. Lculu 6 S 3
rnila.ieiphla ...;...... 5 T 0
Batt*rley — Taylor and Grady; Corridoa and
Abbott. Cmplre— O'Day.
Second game — r. h. E.
St. IxJUis 1 4 0
Philadelphia .' 2 8.1
Batteries — Thielman and Leahy; Nichols and
Abbott. Umpire— O'Day.
CINCINNATI. Ohio. August 6. — Cincinnati
ana Brooklyn broke even in the double-header
this afternoon. Wa'.ker was hit for five sin
gles in the first Innin?. which with Seymour 1 !
two fumbles gave Brooklyn four runs and tIM
game. Ewing allowed but two hits in the
\u25a0econd eanie: Not a Brooklyn runner reached
third. Only t>ne base on balls waa given dur-
Ins the entire aftjernoon. Attendance. 9100.
Score: _
first game — «• H. •E.
Cincinnati • • 3 « 3
Brooklyn - « ;M • 2
Battsries— Walker. Cliacb and Schlei: Scan
lon and Bergen. Umpires — Klein and Emslle.
Second ;anw — R- H. E.
Cincinnati |J 9 1
Brooklyn ••• ;. ? ' 2 2
Batteries— Ewing and btreet: . Mclntyr* and
Ritte>-. Umpires — Emslle and Klem.
CHICAGO. . August o.— Chicago outplayed
Boston at all points to-day and won a list
less game. Attendance. OSOO. Score: -
R. H. E.
Chicago ?:? :i S 2
Eoston ••• "- ° 5
Batteries— Lundprren and O'Nell; Young and
Mcran. Umpire — MeTtea.
WHITE- WINGFD PLEASURE
CRAFT IN LIGHT BREEZE
The members of the Golden Gate
Gun Club enjoyed an ' excellent day's
sport "at ' tho Ingleside traps yesterday.
The conditions for bluerock shooting
could not have been better. Some very
good scores were made by the gun
men,: especially so of Otto Feudner. In
the . regular champion class shoot he
broke 94" birds, which is probably the
best score made by local gunmen this
season. -In the shoot for tho Bekeart
trophy he. again showed his merit by
shattering 92 of the clay birds out of a
possible hundred.
Shultz shot in good form, getting 88
birds in the champion class and a like
number, in Bekeart shoot. Wattles
scored 79 breaks in the race. for gun
men jOf 'the first class, and this was a
high 'score. •
In the second class shoot Klevesahl
was high gun with 70 birds. Harvey
was shooting at his best, and his score
of 81 birds in-the'thirirl class. indicates
that'-hois out of his class. Following
are tho scores:
Champion r clas3— Feudntr : 9i. Webb ' Bff, ' Va
rien So.'Schultz BS. 'Iverson 87. \u25a0 Forster 83,
Halght S7. NaumanjTS. Helling^ S3.
t First clas3 — Schultz "VSlade 6ti. .Vv'attlea 70,
Murdock 71. Harphajn 73. Potter 74. Gamble 77.
Second class— Klevesahl 7J), r .'A6hlln 61," Bruns
60 Knick «2,;Jacobsen 7S. !
Third class— Bowen 51 Harvey SI, Patrick
64,\; Cuneo *. UO, Johnson w, Or. Sylvester 62,
Turner, el. :- . :
•* Bekeart trophy— Feudner, 92, Schultz 88.
Webb SO.'.HolMns UO, Varlen SO..
Good Wind U'ovrs In Channel, but
Gentle Aim Prevail in the Upper
Bay.
The wind' was very light off Sausa
lito andin the upper' bay yesterday,
though a Rood,- breeze blew in .the
channel. . Several- of the San : Francisco
yachts .cruised out toward the: ; heads,
among them being the ilagshlp Chal
lenger and ; the sloop Annie. . -.The
schooners Aggie and Chiapa, the .yawl
Royal- and the sloop Sappho were .un
der . way in the upper \u25a0 bay. \u25a0 The
schooner Bonita, the yawl. Frolic, the
schooners Lady Ada and Martha, with
the sloops Amigo. Mlnnetonka. Elsie,
Kathleen, Ivy and Phoenicia, sailed on
the. flood itide to the upper bay and
dropped ; anchor in Paradise ; Cove. 'As
the tide did • not turn to ebb until late
in the afternoon, .their return* to moor
ings , was somewhat delayed.- The
yawls Tramontana and Witch were un
der way. in the upper bay.'
A reception* and" dance was given
CINCINNATI. Aug. 6.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Latonia:
First race, seven and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Lady Lou )JS, Bird of Passage 90. Frank
Green 90, Green Gown 02, Gracious 92, Handy
Bill 93, Conclave 94, Twenty Shot 93. Flori
97, Bernice 97, Judge Sautley 98, Full Sway
98. Omcaica Ob. Ike 99.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards,
selling — Bravery 88, Sles Lee 99, Saronola 90.
Fcnsoluea 100, Father Royal 104, Grapple 104.
Now Amsterdam 105.
Third race, five Turlongs. selling — Begonia
93 Floss S 93, Telepathy 03, Sister Edith 93,
Rosi Nl Nl IHi, Vie Kinney lt», ssuzanne • 1)6,
Beatrice X 98. O«ee 103, Lillta 103, Orllne 103,
Mat- Lynch 103, Grace Wagner 103.
Fourth race, seven and a half furlongs, sell
jns_Picture Hat BS. Roesessa 92, Mint Bed
92, Miss Mac Day 96 Auroceiver 96, Trixie
\vblie '.)!. Louiße Mci^rian Vt, Flonzel us.
Hot 100, Happy Jack 101, Naran 103, El Do- ;
noao llu. ..--.,
Fifth race, short course, handicap, steeple
chase—Light's Out 135. Martin Brady 136.
Shackelfrrd 140, Poorlands 163, Evander 144.
I (Couple Brady and Evander, Meagher entry.)
Sixth race, five turlongs, purse — Henry Morn
93. Marvin Neal 90, Romola 100, Yazd JOO,
1 Trenola 104, Mandator 113.
LATONIA SELECTIONS.
Flmt race— Bird of Pn»soge, Twenty
Shot, Full Sw«y.
Second ' nice — Grapple, Snranola,
Bravery.
Third ..race — Beeoula, Telepathy,
Grace Wagner. .
Fourth race— Naran, Happy Jack, El
Dodoko. \u25a0
Fifth race— Shackelford, Ltsrbts Out,
PoorlandM.
Sixth race— 'Trenola, Marvin Neal,
Romola.
I/ATOKIA ENTRIES.
R. Hall. s. 5... :.... 0 0 3 li 0
Shields, p.... ...3 ~\ \' jV'j o
Totals 24 3 4 27 10 1
LOS ANGELES. .
„ , AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Bernard, c. f 4 0 1 1 0 0
o l °?'h l b - • -•..-. 4 0 0510
Smith. 3b 4 o t 2 2 <•
Dillon, lb 4 o 0 9 1 i
lirashear. s. s 1\u25a0 0 0 1 3 1
Ross, lb 3 o t> 3 0 0
Oavath. r. f 3 o 0 1 1 0
Eager, c 3 o i i o0o 0
liaum. p. ;; o I 0 3 0
Totals 29 0 4 '23 13 ~2
•Kane out; bunted third strike.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle o O 0 0 0 3 0 0 x— 3
Base hits 00010111 x 1
Los Angeles 00000000 o— o
Base hits 1 1 0 0 2 0 0 0 o—4
SUMMARY.
Two-hase hits— Shields. Baum. Double
P'SV— Cravath to Dillon, Brashear .to Dillon
Sacnnce hits— Kane 2, Ross. Stolen bases—
Ulank^nshlp 2. Hart, Frary. Struck out— By
Shielda 7. by Baum 2. Base on balls— Oft"
Shields 3. off Baum 4. Wild pitch— Shields
Passtd ball— Eagar. Left on bases— Seattle 12
Lbs Angeles 3. Time of game — One hour and
thirty minutes. Umpire— Davis.
CHAMPION* IJUSCII BEATEX
AT TENNIS Hi' MITCHELL.
By New York Morning Telegraph.
Firxt ' race — Rubric, ' Kiantesha,
•D'Arklc.-— ~ : ... ,- *"\u25a0* .•\u25a0-\u25a0' \u25a0 ,
Second race— Grinifcock,' Pagan Bey,
Ruths Rattler.
Third race— Wntergrnan, .Odd Ella,
Coininnne. - _ ' '
Fourth race— KiJimonlia, Canteen,
Gcrnntnm, '
Fifth race — PeSBT O'Nell, Athlon*-,
JUHt So. 'v;.-: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ;• \'J -;\u25a0 •"_ -. - • '\u25a0"
" Sixth r;uT — Yankee " Consul, ' Sidney
F, Toots 3loo!c.
SARATOGA SELECTIOXS.
VIRGIL GARVIN*. THE LAXKY PITCHER FROM TEXAS WHO YESTERDAY
MANAGED TO PULL OUT OF MANY TIGHT PLACES AND BEAT RIP VAN
HALTRF.N'3 COMMUTERS RY SCORE OF 3 TO 2.
George Nethercott's La Rosa decisively
beat Silver Heels In the final of the class
stake yesterday at Ingleslde Cour3lns
Park. She led Raught's performer and
never for a moment did she cause her
backers any uneasiness.
Little Dainty regained her previous
form and ran over everything la the re
serve event, defeating Jim Hurley's Capi
tal Lady easily In the final.
In thd unfinished open stake lone- Hill
won the final from May S by & point in
an exciting contest..
One of the best bettlns races during
the day was the trial between Judge,
Dean and Belle Free. Buker and hi 3
friends had the young dog ready for a
, killing, and they would have probably
put it through if the hounds had not
been slipped to a tartar of a hare, which
carried both coursers over the limit.
Belle Tree's experience was too much
for the younger dog, and she finally woa
out after being led to the hare.' Following
are the day's results, with Judge John
Sutton's official scores:
Class stake, flrst ronnd — Sliver Heels beat
Golden Wand. 9-2; lodine- beat Red Pepper.
6-3; Foxhunter beat For Gold, 11-l: Freaport
beat fcampler, 14-7; I> P. beat Haphazard.
6-4; Valley Pride beat Reckless Acrobat, 16-3;
Pomona beat Honest John. 5-4: TUlie X b«at
Coaroy. 14-12; La Rosa beat Eadenvale. S-3:
Belle Free beat Judge Deaa. 12-5; Choo Choo
beat Lancashire Lad. 8-7.
Second round — Silver Heels beat lodine. 4-0;
Fo.thunter beat Freeport, 3-0; Valley Pride
beat I> R. S-2; Pomona a bye. Conroy -with
drawn- La, Roea a bye. Tilli* R withdrawn;
Choo Choo beat Bella Free. 6-3.
Third round— Silver Heels beat Foxhunter,
4-0; Valley Pride- beat Pomona, 4-2; La Rosa
beat Cfeoo Cheo, 5-0.
Fourth round— Silver Heels beat Valley
Pride, 0-5: La Rosa a bye.
Deciding course — George Jfethereott's La
Rcsa (Gamblt-Morley) beat W. Raugfhf a Sil
ver H»els (Fetter. Smp.-Datsy Belle), 8-3.
Reserve stak?— Capital Lady beat Master
Garrison. 5-2; Vina beat Ycua? Fearless, 6-5:
Daisy Rocket beat Tom King, 9-3; Crazy Jane
beat CuJQanota. S-2; Galvestou beat Dear Ga.i- .
ton. l-(i Lady Kelp beat Pasadena. 23-4; Tar
Baby beat Royal Friend. 6-4; Colored Lady
beat Loretta. 8-2; Prometheus beat Sir 'Wltt
ton, S-0; ' Doc Burns beat Rlchochot. 7-4: Our
Motto beat Commercial Traveler. 8-6: Little
Dainty beat Fair Fly tar. 10-1; Anni» Ryan
beat Mark Twain, ft-3; Eleanor B beat Manlo
! Belle, 14-0; Bella Marie beat My Surprise.
4-1: Little Plunger beat Butto. City, 8-4. :
Second round— Capital Lady fceat Vina, S-O:
Crazy Jane beat Daisy Rockst, 3-2; Gelv«ston
a bye. Lady Kelp withdrawn: Colored Lady
beat Tar Baby. 7-2: Doc Burns beat Prometh
eua. 6-4: Little ' Dainty beat Our Motto, «-l:
Annie Ryan, beat Kleanor B 11-4; Little
Plunger b.»at Belle Marl-?. 3-4.
Third round — Capital Lady beat Crazy Jane.
7-2: Galveston beat Colored Lady. 9-4: Little
Dainty beat Doc Burns. 4-2; Little Plunger
beat Annie Ryan. 6-2.
Fourth round — Capital Lady b«at Galveston,
3-2; Little Dainty b«at Little Plunger. 5-0.
Deciding course— E. J. McCarthy's Little
Dainty (Rocker-Gallant Foe) beatJ. Hurley's
Capital Lady (O. K. Capltal-Gyp»y. Imp). 14-2. '
Open stake, fourth round — lone Hill beat
Ruby Sankey. 9-2; Peerless Beauty beat FFairr r
mount Lass 3-3: May S beat Doretta. 5-4;
Whoa BUI beat Little Mercy. 9-2.
Fifth round — lon* Hill beat Peerless \u25a0 Beauty.
6-4; May S beat Whoa Bill. 4-2.
Deciding course — J. Sweeney's lone HIU
(Fortuna Favente, lmp-Llttl« B«auty) b*at- J.
O'Sh«a Jr.'s May S (Crawford, Lad- Young
Flrenzi), 6-5. "
Do yon want two Tears more of
graft f If yon do, then nrclect to vote.
QUARREL OVER WOMAX AXD
SHOOTIXG IS THE, RESULT
Oscar "Willing; Found With a Ballet la
Lee, bat Refuses to Discuss +• * :
Cnae. . .'.
Oscar "Willing', a piledrlver. was found
In his room at 771 Howard street late
last night with a bullet in his right legr.
He was rushed to the Central Emerg
ency Hospital, but refused to make a
statement to the police. It was -learn
ed, however, that "Willing and another
man quarreled over a woman on Friday
night and Indulged in a fist fight. The
trouble 13 supposed to have been re
newed in Wllling's room last night and
ended In the shooting.
The wound Is slight. The police are
making an Investigation of the shoot
ing.
at the Sausallto clubhouse of the San
Francisco Yacht Club on Saturday
evening and was much enjoyed by
those present. A party of the guests
was brought back to the city about t
o'clock yesterday morning: , by the
launch Rob Roy. owned by M. Lang.
The steam yacht Lucero went out. for
a cruise yesterday.
of game — One hour and forty-five minutes.
rmplreB-McDc S .ald and Bray.
Old Para Van Haltren managed to
steer his bunch of Commuters to vic
tory on their own battle grounds while
the day -was yet young, but the vie
\u25a0 torious Oakland contingent was shy
just one run when it hooked up with
the Giants at Recreation Park. No one
knew how the same would finish till
Bull Croll was thrown out at the pan
in the last spasm by Deacon Van
Buren.
* The grame abounded In scratch hits
and close decisions. Men were getting
on the bags time and time again, but
the hits were always lacking When full
houses were the rule. Many times the
pame might have been broken up by
either team, but most of these oppor
tunities were passed up for the want
of the Inevitable binjle.
The Commuters managed to grab
eight safe ones from the collection of
the lengthy Mr. Garvin, while the beet
the Giants got was three. However.
one of these came with a full house
and Schmidts inability to discover the !
location of the home plate helped some
1 The batting kid of the day was Bui
Croll, who tore off six real ones out of
cix times up in the two games. He led
eff with two in the morning and came
right back with four in the afternoon.
Oakland started with one in the first
when Van Haltren was passed and
Francks singled. Van Haltren raced
k through as Van Buren tossed wide at
third. "The Giants did not register till
" the fifth when with all the bags occu
pied and two gone Jakey Atz walloped
»n» to left, bringing McLean and
Runkle hon%. Right before this Judge
McCreedie was banished from the scene
of action for passing too many remarks
about a close decision at flrst in which
Conrad was retired.
The Giants brought another around
during: the sixth. Fleming was safe on
Franks boot and Householder bit off a
«?in«?rle. Van Buren got a four spot and
when McLean dispatched a hot one
toward Schmidt it looked like good
night. But Schmidt managed to block
the ball with one mitt and j. ritncks
grabbed it at second, . putting Van
Buren out of the way. In the mixup
Fleming scored, thus letting the Com
rcuiers out of a bad hole with only a
run against them.
VVUU Croll on third and Devereaux
6n second and two men gene in the
ninth busher Conrad dropped Schmidt's
third strike and let the ball get away
' from him. Croll came tearing in with
the last run Oakland could negotiate,
\u25a0 though in the ninth Croll was caughft
- at the plate on Strcib's dinky hit to
Second and the game was over. The
' . AB. H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Atz. c. s 3 O 1 O 4 4 1
McCr&edie, r. f 2• O « v O O O
, Fleeing. 1. f 4 1 0 « 3 O O
HouseUolder. c. f . . . 3 © 1 2 1 0 0
V. Buren. r. f . Aa. 3 . O V « 1 1 1
b McLean, lb 3 1 11 IS 1 0
•J&mkJ*. Sb 3 10 0 0 3 0
Conrad, c 3 O 0 O 5 2 1
Garvin, p 3 O O 0 O 2 1
Gate*, 2b 10 0 0 0 10
Total* 28 3 3 3 27 14 4
OAKLAND.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, c. t . : . 3 • 1 0 0 2 0 0
Francks. s. s 4 Ol 1 2 4 1
r>unleaw. 1.- f 2 O O O 1 0 0
Kruser. 1b 4 0 0 0 13 1 0
Kelly. 2b 3 0 10 15 0
Crcil. r. t 4 14 0 10 0
3><vereaux. 3b 4 0 0 1 3 3 O
Stanley, c. ...;...... Z 0 0 0 3 3 0
fcchttidt. p. 3 0.00110
Hogan. 1. £. 2 0 1 0 0 O O
•Graham 0 o*o 0 O 0 O
••Stitib : 10 10 0 0 0
— — — — — — _
Totals 32 2 8 2 27 17 1
•Batted for Stanley in the ninth.
••Batted Tor Schmidt in the ninth.
BUN'S AXD HITS BY INNIXGS.
Pcrtlaiid 0 0 0 0 2 1 0 O o—30 — 3
Ease bit* 010 01100 o—3
Oakland 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 O o—2
*\u25a0>«: hits 1, 2 0 1 © 1 1 «/ 2_S
*\u25a0"* SUMMARY.
T«o-ba»e bit— Hogan. Sacrifice hits—Stan
ley. Cates. First Irnse on errors — Portland 1.
Oakland 2. . First base on called balls — Oft
G&rvia 2. off Schmidt a. l>ft on bases — Port
land 5. Oakland 7. Struck out — By Garvin 4,
by Schmidt 1. Hit by pitcher — Runkle, Gra
liam. Dcuble play— McLean, unassisted. Time
(PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.) ,
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Seattle 4 2 .e«7 Tacoma ...3 3 .5<X»
Oakland ... 4 3 .571 Portland ... 3 4 .-W
£. Francisco 3 3 ..Vc.iL. Angeles. 2 4 .3^3
STAADrXG OF THE CLUBS.
SARATOGA, Aug. 6.— Racegoers who
contemplate betting on horses that will
compete to-morrow in the overnight
sweepstakes at the local track will havG
to dig up the mud .records of the entries.
It rained heavily for four hours this aft
ernoon. The Catskill stakes, a selling
aftair at seven lurlongs, is the best fea
ture. A number of rast selling platers
j are entered. Of the lot Geranium is de
cidedly the class and she ought to win.
Old King Pepper, with 93 pounds up,
will fairly v revel in the mud, and if he
gets a good start he will be the contend
er. Jerry C may be third.
: Kiamesha. entered In the flrst raco,
would be hard to beat over a dry track,
i but she is a poor. mud performer. Incan
tation races falriy well in_ it and should
win, with Prince Hamburg second and
DArkle third.
The steeplechase may be won by Steel
maker. This horsa ran. an excellent-race
behind Jimmie Lane last week.
SARATOGA EATRIISS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— Following arei
the entrlta for to-morrow at Saratoga:
First race, seven furlong*, handicap, ihr<:e
year-olds — x jince Hamburg 12i. IJrubiuer 115.
l>r. Spruill U5, Incantation 118, Kinmesha ill.
Rubric liU, lrArkle ICO, Inftrna 100, Kalbert
S)5. '
Second race, short course, steeplechase, four
j-tar-olds and vp — Ptisan fcey lav, is'eponset
140, Uuck O'JJoud .14-', Knight ol Harlem. 112.
Game Cock 14U, fiusseli ttago. litO. "; he Rival
137. Ruins KattUr- 1.(5. utorge Keenc 135,
Punctual ias. Steelmaker 1.'.0, Pious 140.
Third, race, live and a half furlongs, miles
and geldingts two-yiar-olus, . selnus— iTugrots
\(M, iCfJ. Lady . .\avarrc. Uy. l\avi
ana IU4, odd lilla 1C1«. vt O ita. Commune 104,
A\'Btergras3 U.V, Florazonde 1011. .
Fourth rece, seven furlongs, the Catskill.
$LSQO A.afe<L .stlilng. thrte-Jtar-olds and .up-
Right and True 101. Geranium lwi. Fustian
106, Lotola W, King Pepper as. GixhJ Bye U2,
Ascension I<M. Canteen to, U'Aikle W>. Gamara
IC6. Gold Ten 07, Jerry C 97, Red Friar 105,
Florentine 1C«, Right Royal IU7, Kiamesha 97,
The Gleam 102, Old England OS, Lcrevta M I>7.
Fifth race, inl!e, thr?e-year-olds and up, Bell-
Ing— Gay Lothario U's, The Mighty 105. Ath
lone 101, Yvir« In lit, St. Breeze 104, Gray
lad 89. Knight of Rhodes 100, Uncle Urigh 111,
Beilindlan 104, Waswift 104, Cottage Maid 100.
Foncasta 104, Yorkshire Lad US. The Gadfly «6,
Just So 9*?. Northvllle Bii. King Ro*e 100, Peg
gy O'Nell 89, Benvollo 104.
Sixth, race, liv; and a half furtonzs, handi
cap two-year-oMs — Yankee Consul I^4, James
Reddlck US, Penrhyn 115, Vendor 114. '.Flip
Flap 112. Lady Navarre 111. Sly Ben 111, Sid
ney F 110. Rubaiyat 110. Lord Of the Forest
110. Toot's Mook 108. Poepinsr Tom ICS. Con
federate 109. Anodyne 106, Red Eye 109, MolLle
Donchue 104, Quixote Hsi Verontse 9-j, Opti
cian 100.
Onkland, 6; Portland, 1. •
I'ortlaad, 3) Oakland, 3.
s au Frandsco, 4} Taroma, 3.
Tacoma, R; San Frnnrl*co. 0.
Seattle 3} Ixm Anjcrlr*, O.
Lob Ar.KclfN, 4; >«>iiul«\ 1.
HESULTS OF GAMES.
| The rifle range at Schuetzen Park was
j not crowded with marksmen yesterday,
as is usual on the iirst Sunday of the
month. Many of the enthusiasts arc ex
ploiing the mountains of Marin, Siyioma
and Mendocino counties in pursuit of the
elusive buck and are meeting with
marked aucctss.
I Q. A. Bremer, the well-known expert of
the California Schuetzen Club, ca?ried
j off the honors of the day with the good
'score of 225 rings in his ten-shot score.
, A. C. Gehret and A. Strecker were hot on
j his. heels to overcome his lead, but lacked
i one point each of tying his good score.
I A. C. Gehret with 220 rings was high in
I the Grutll Club contest, with Ar Studer
second with 211. In the same club A.
Hintemann won the Brehm" trophy.
An innovation by the California
Schuetzen Club is the pleasant outing
that has been arranged for the families
of members of the club and their imme
diate friends. -The affair is a ; compli
mentary one arid will be held at Schuetz
en Park next Sunday.* Scores:
' California Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
sh'.-ot: First champion class — A. Gehret, 215,
224; O. .\. Urtiner, 212, 125; J. F. Robinson. I
1 ins, Ia8; A. Stftcker, 214, 224. Second cham- :
i>!on class — William Ehrenpfort. • IStr, 150: A.
Rshwyicr. 80S! r. Jacoby. 2u3, 178; T. J.
Carroll, "JOB} 2i.T>. First class — G. M. Barley,
201. 210. Second cla?s — A. Studer, IVo. SlHi J.
C. Waller. -200, ltll ; A. yon Wyl. IMI, 109; F.
Suter. 181; A. Junsblut.~2os, 216. Third class
— L. VVille, IM, 11)4; T. Slmmen, 181.' 189: J.
.Straub, IS3. 175: C. Sagehorn. 178. 174: Wil
•llam Noldzn, It*;. 178; M. Reubold, 150; F.
C. Hagfrup.. 131. 101: Otto Nolte. 167. 172; F.
J. I'ovey. ISS. 203: H. Scheunirt, 2C5. 207.
Fourth class — A. Hennings, IS4; John Boiler,
100. IS4; F. Werlin. ISB. Cadets— F. Bertel
sen, 172, 171. Vnclamfied— J. A. Sutter, 163.
175: J. TarnoUy. 150; J.-.lten, 137.
Pistol annex— M. Kolander. 70. 78; G. M.
Borley. .S3. 8S; A. Hennings. 72, 74; John Boi
ler. 77. 81; L. C. Babin, 49. 47: J. C. Waller.
51, 42; A. Gehret, 77,'. W; P. Jacoby. 61. 06;
T. J. Carroll, 78. 71: A. Suter, 74. 71: F. J.
Povey. IS, 74; O. Nolte, 68, 71: L. Will*.
CB, 61.
'VersSn Eintracht shooting section, monthly
medal shoot— Champlcn class: A. G. Stroh
310, F. C. Hagerup Ml, F. A. Kuhls 402. John
Zahn :!4.\ L. Schmidt 341. First class: O.
Thiele .'!10. F. Kgftelin? 325. Joseph Rohrer 300.
<•. :«7. Second class: O. Xagel 262.
H. .^chroeUer 2«>, C, Waldan 23.5. Third class:
John Gotiene 2OS. First best shot. F. A.
Kuhls 24; best last shot. F. C. Hagerup 24.
i lu-übold trophy, jchn Zahn.
fan \u25a0 Francljco Grutll shooting section,
monthly medal shoot— Firnt champion class: A.
C Gehrrt. 220. 217; A. Studer. 211; A. Hinte
mann. IS'J: J. A. Sutter,. l76. 173; J. Frel. 203,
\u25a0 ir>o. Second champion class: A. yon Wyl,
103; ie;i: C. Imdorr. 12»; L. Hauser. ISS, 173.
First class: F. Sutter, IS7, IS I: F. W-frlen,
175. Second class: A. Iten. 175. 166: J. Leu
tenesjtfr. 130. HO. The • Brehm trophy was
won by A. Hintemann.
Reserve stake: First round— Young Johnny
Rex beat Rushing River. 12-1: Angus Clssus
beat Intruder, 3-o: Blaie beat False Alarm.
3-1 : Ml Arcigo beat Harris Clalr. 6-0; Sea Lion
beat Mount Rose, tf-1; Fiery Kock beat Terra
tXitta. t>-«>; Knr.is beat The Mist. S-2; Shot-
Itun beat ' Alto* Dunn. tM; Fetterless beat
uiue Craig, a-2; Race King beat Russell H.
0-1: Hidcun Hatred beat Lady Leeds. 8-3;
Tralee Girl b< at. Black Coon. Z-\: Texas Ma.
mle beat Matchless Beauty. 17-8: Glaucus beat
Peerless Polly, 5-1; Bartlgas beat Lapln, 3-2:
Real Pasha teat Queens Motto. 12-0; Frank
Dunn beat Crawford Belle. 8-3: Miss Domestic
beat Wattles, 4-3; Four Paw beat Texas JIH.
0-2; Muggsy beat Rose of Gold. »-O; The Ro
man btat Kail. 4-0; Happy Lad beat North
ern Flyer. 4-o; Bon Ami bpat Young Tommy
R. C-4; Fherman beat Ina Clssus. B-Q: Aunty
Tralee beat Red Cross Nurse. 18-2; Badly Used
beat Orsina. 5-4; Black Tralee beat Rustic
Rocker, IW, Barnoy Rey beat Tom Fitz. 8-3;
Fiery Cress beat Youns Pepper. 6-4; Jack
Short a bye. The Flight withdrawn: Rowena
Belle beat Salinas Girl, 3-0; Renegade Apache
beat Frisco Girl, 7-2; Sunaybrook beat Young
Keriy Pippin. 6-4: Lord Brazen beat Eric
Flush. 5-«>; J R b?at Ag?j!e Rocker, 4-2; La
Garcia beat Black Lady. a-o.
Secor.d round— Young Johnny Rex beat An
gus Clssus, 7-!>; Mi A.-nigo beat Blaze. 5-3;
Fiery Rock beat Sea Lion. 12-5; Ennls beat
Shotgun, 4-3: Race King beat Tralee Lass,
12-0; Tralee Girl a bye, lUdden Hatred with
drawn: Glaucus beat Texas Mamie, 3-2: Real
I'asha beat Bartigas. 3-2; Frank Dunn beat
Mlfa Domestic, 13-S: Four Paw beat Muggsy.
10-0; Happy Lad beat The Roman. 6-4; Sher
man bt-at Bon Ami. 7-1; Aunty Tralee beat
Badly Lsed. 6-5: Black Tralee beat Barney
Rey, G-5: Fiery Cross beat Jack Short, 4-2;
Renegade Apache a bye. Rowena Belle with
drawn; Lonl Brazen beat Sunnybrook. 5-4; La
Garcia beat J R. 3-0. \u25a0
Third round— Ml Amlgo b?at Young Johnny
Rex 4-1: Fiery Rock beat Ennia. 6-5; Race-
King beat TraW Girl. 5-2; Real Pasha beat
Glaucus. 5-0: Four Paw a bye. Frank Dunn
withdrawn: Sherman beat Happy Lad, 0-4:
Aunty Trale* beat Black Tralee. 8-4; Rene
gade Arache beat Fiery Cross. 4-2; Le. Gar
cia beat Lord Brazen. 6-0. « 'i;-
Fourth round— Ml Amisro beat FU»ry Rock.
7-2; Real Pasha beat Race King. 3-2: Four
Paw beat Sherman. 4-2; Renegade Apache beat
Aunty Tralee. 5-1: La Garcia a natural bye.
Fifth rounr!— Real Pasha beat Mt Amigo.
6-0; R?negad« Apache beat Four Paw. 5-3;
La Garcia a natural bye.
Fifth round— Renegade Apache beat La Gar
cia, 6-4; Real Pasha a natural bye.
Deciding course — Real Pasha wins by de
fault. Renegade Apache withdrawn.
Hudson had all the speed :n the cham
pion ..stake and stowed the fleet Panoche
ay/ay in the deciding course by a score
of S too.. He led from the start and wan
all the way. The reserve stake weiit to
Real Pasha. Renegade. Apache being
withdrawn. Following are the results
and scorts:
Pocatelli did not have a cnanco against
the speedy Humboldt in the flrst series
of the Grand National stakes at Union
Coursing: Park yesterday. The latter dog
went to the hare, from the start and won
the thr*e courses without a let-up. He
scored by a wide margin in each Instance
and put it all over his opponent. The
race attracted a his crowd and the bet
tins was lively, with Humboldt a pro
nounced favorite. The match race be
tween Fiery Baden and Gambit, the Im
ported hounds, was postponed till a later
date, because the dogs were not in condi
tion fur the race.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
Catskill Stakes, the Main
Event on Card, Contains
a Bunch of Likely Ones
Families and Friends of
Californiahs to Gather
at Picnic Next Sunday
Little Dainty Regains Her;
Speed and Runs Over Op
ponents in the Class Stake
EACH IS SHY A POINT
Hudson .Outruns Panoche in
Champion Event, and Ren
egade Apache Defaults
Bull Croll Is the
Slugging Kid for
Day.
lONE HILL RESPONDS
GERANIUM LOOKS RIGHT
MATCH RACE POSTPONED
Giants Score Three
. Runs With as
Many Hits.
Netliercott ? s Courser Beats
a Bunch of Fast Dogs at
Ingleside Coursing Park
He Eolls Up 225 Rings in
the Club Event, Gehret and
Strecker Right in Line
Rain Sets In at Saratoga
and the Wise Brigade Is
Puzzled Over Situation
First Series of Grand Na
tional Stakes Decided in
Three Courses at Union
TRACK IS GOOD
FOR MUDLARKS
POCATELLI EASY
FOR HUMBOLDT
LA ROSA RUNS
IN TRUE FORM
COMMUTERS WALK AWAY WITH FIRST GAME
AND MAKE STRONG BID FOR SECOND.
BREMER'S SCORE
TOPS THE LIST
SPORTS
SPORTS
11
\u25a0 -' .. . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO.. CALL, 1 MONDAY, AUGUST 7, 1905.
COAST LEAGUE TEAMS BREAK EVEN ON DAY
A Paris automobile building firm is
just aboufcompleting: "a 110-horsepower
gasoline submarine boat for the French
A Surrey.- Runabout and Top Buggy of Stan
hope, if bought of us, always lives* up to the
price. Wo carry the. best that's made. Lel
bold Harness Company, 211 Larkin street. *
Batteries — Ferguson and ' McMurray ; Ingalls
and Palm. ; Umpire— Harper. ,
FRESNO, Aug. C— Fresno's luck was turned
to-day by a score of 6 to 1 against Oakland
The work of Fresno's catcner, Kuhn, In field
ing and the three-baggers in tne first Innine
by Moore and Adamson were th« features of
the game. The Oakland team did some good
fielding. The score: I R. ;H. E.
Oakland .-\u25a0.".\u25a0. / 1 ;« o
Fresno ;.............; 6 7 2
Batteries— Tyson, and Ganzo; Hopkins and
Kuhn. \u25a0 '
Ferguson Panscii Eleven Men, Force* In
Two Ituns. but Still Wins Hl»
Gtiinc.
S V AN JOSE. Aug. o.— San Jose won both
games from the San Francisco State League
team to-day. Scores:
First «ame — R. h. E.
San Jose . ; ....4 s <s
San Francisco . 2 5 a
Batttries— Steffani and Kent; Flynn and
Radford.
Second game — • R. H. E.
San Jose 5 7 3
San Francisco 1 8 4
Batteries— Wolter» and Kent; Pratt and
Radford. Umpire — James Doyle. •
STOCKTON. Augr. 6.— ln one of the most
listless fcames : of . the season Stockton won
from Lodl. Ferguson was very much to the
bad. He passed eleven and forced "In two
runs. Score: R. H. E.
Stockton ....7 10 2
Lodl \u25a0• ...5 4 7
S AN FRANCISCO GETS TWO
BEATINGS FROM SAN JOSE
FORT ERIE ENTRIES.
The infinite care with
1 which Marque.tte Whiskey-
is distilled, its great age,
its absolute purity and de-
licious flavor have made it
a universal favorite.
Ask for. it wherever
you go. \u25a0
GROJWES A ULLRICH
CHICAGO* ILL*
Sun KrnnoUfo Branch I
8 BKALJE ST.
MaiouetteBurnett** - Extract : of Vanilla pre
pared from' selected .Vanilla -Beans, -.warranted.*
Builds^ up ""all ..the waste tissue of-
kidneys/ Lash's Bitters. • - .". -;'\u25a0:\u25a0. *>,-',
BABTLON. L. 1..-Au5..6.-^The fuicralrßer
vices .of \u25a0\u25a0 tbolate -Mary .. J. Carlisle, v> wife '= of
John •' G.v Carlisle^ Secietary of < tho » Treasury^
under President Cleveland, were - held ' at "West
Iclip this af ternoon. v" - •=-."•;> "' \u25a0-' •' •-"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•
There ore 87,000 voters In.'San.Fran
cisco. '"--. There >'\u25a0' are -' more \u25a0 reasons : than
voters • -<vli}' Xlaef - should ibe * put ' out ; of
control..* { ':'\u25a0'.\u25a0'?}'•"?- "-'v., '"\u25a0'". \u25a0 " ..,
EPWORTH LEAGUE VRAI»L.T.~The San
Francisco i Epworth * Leasue r Alliance • will hold
a i rouslna: rally, at"* Howard-street . Jl. - E.
Cliurch, 'Howard, between ' Second --nnd Tlilrd,
on Thursday. .August. 17, ; 8 p..m.V The address
for the evening .will' be ;by -Bishop 'John: XV.
Hamlltdn. Subject. "Th«> Upbullding ; of Chris
tian Character.".:? Special i music' by. choir. .'A
goodvproeramnie. [-.. ?: . r ." \u25a0." < \u0084 .: . \u25a0 ''\u25a0_ ,
• Emil j Hildebrand;.- a • stabienr^n.'^was
stabbed in 'the' leg; last night by' Frank
Walker > at- the \u25a0• corner- ". of -Powell " and
Union? streets. The men ; were engaged
in a' nght > when '"Walker slashed - his op
ponent.''He t was:booked nt ; the Central
station <"onf{a -[ot \u25a0•"; to'
murder."' ; '"\u25a0\u25a0'..' _.*\u25a0'_ [-.;..'• .
* Stableman .Stabbed !n Row
~ llorsford'K Acid . Phosphate
• CURES NERVOUS DISORDERS, ....
Headache, , , Insomnia, .•: Exhaustion v and
Restlessness. "Rebuilds", the -nervous
system. ,-- ;/-\u25a0\u25a0 .-;.; .~ \u25a0 . " •;•
/AVllliam,;Corrlss; has 'been- missing
from' hl?'-;hom<3 ': at '•\u25a0 5(52 Sanchez ) street
since^last 'Thursday \ and his relatives
have^a sked - the . police . to find ' the.miss
ing : man.v: Fear : is- entertained- that >he
may; have committed, suicide, as :he has
made !- threats ,'ot .' taking ;. . Ills ;. life /on
seyjeral 5 occasfdns." 1 He. recently . arrived
from England. and Is 43 years old," clean
shaven and -wore a black suit when last
sfeen^.^ "{,/\u25a0 '.'."'•' •.\u25a0\u25a0"'.;\u25a0;\u25a0" ' \u25a0'\u25a0 T ..-.' * "" ' \u25a0
William CorHss Is Mlsslnsr.
George Rawley,:29 years of, age, sup
posed ito'be a. newspaper^ reporter/ died
in I the j City - and ' County * Hospital fyes
terday/from peritonitis." Rowley Is said
to -have; relatives lnclQwa.' '. He re
moved; from'- No." 1\ Polk, street y to ; the
hospital "last Saturday.':- w^here he was
reported (111. : -The'! Coroner 'will • nidke
an investigation touching the nature of
his death." -5 V -..',. ' ; .' \
Died of. Peritonitis.
Among the happenings for this week
will be the' great sale at the! Mammoth
Shoe Company, Seventh and Market
streets. This firm is an active mover of
shoe stocks. and has- bought the output
of a large syndicate. : which means a
windfah of values for the people. The
store remains closed ; Monday and Tues
day to get the colossal. stock ready for
reopening Wednesday. There- will be
joy among thousands, as the children
get their solid wearers. at 50c a pair.
vast invoices of -the famous i Laird-
Schrcber. Bannister, Hannan, Gloria and
Keith makes , have been-. gobbled up In
this purchase far below price! -Ladles'
eleerant foot-fitter's tossed away . like a
bubble at 50c; and at 35c for ties.; Men's
walking/ working, dress rand business
shoes, 1 lots and lots of 'em.' at 95c a pair.
Such is; the result ,ofj over-production
and the collapse of a great firm. Sale
beglus Wednelday, 9 o'clock. Mammoth
Shoe Co.. corner. Seventh and- Market
streets,. Odd Fellows' building./ •
It Is Not a Mistake.
- OBSERVE FEAST OF ST. IGNATIUS—
The solemnizatton of the feast of St. Ignatius
was observed in St. Ignatius Church . yesterday,
when -thsre 'was pontifical high mass. "In th«
evening the service consisted of solemn vesp«r3
and benediction. The music at both the morn
ins and the evening services was impressively
rendered. '
% The Orpheum programme has several
new features this week, which, with a
few of the holdovers, furnishes the
San Francisco amusement seekers wjth
ample material for an evening's enjoy
ment. Cecile' and Francois are failures
lntheir pretended potpourri of comedy
"up to the time .of their "Loop the Loop'
dance. A one-act melodramatic com
edy, "The Sheriff," permits Edmund Day
to I display, some creditable ability in
the character of an Arizona peace of
ficer, ' and allows Robert Watson con
siderable scope : ,in his peculiar' imper
sonation of ; a border" villian. An ex
ceptional I good, attraction Is a comedy
opera skit, entitled "The Queen's Fan,"
in which Orlska Worden. Adele Archer
and Lucille Gelrgl 'appear as an .Inter
esting: trio. ' > \u25a0'"
V It remains; however, for Coloned Bor
deVerry. Introduced ;,as . the "King of
Firearms," to", thoroughly arouse, the
Interest 'of the' spectators * with * "his
clever pistol ' 6tun ts. He is unquestion
ably • one of' the cleverest- marksmen
that ?has ever appeared on the' stage
arid his I performance 'is .' keenly \u25a0' appre
ciated. ;. James. Morton!. and. the- Patty
brothers still share favor with the au
dience 'and ' Smith ': and ' : Campbell have
in store a line of jokes that appeal to
at least ' a; part, of .the "audience as j de
serving of -applause. ; ,
J'Tlie Qiieen ? s Fan" Proves a
Clever Corned*}' Opera
ONE-ACT MELODKAMA
SCOEES AT OBPHEUM
PLAN TTINE ENTERTAINMENT.— An up
t*u«lly fine entertainment will be given for
the benefit ©f the Church of Nativity next
Tuesday ev«itr.ij at the church lial!,. corner
of Fell anfl Franklin streets. Among: those
•who will take part are Misses K. Murphy. Cot
ton. M. ilelere. C. Murphy, E. Barneg, Drolt
and Miller and Messrs. Kelleher. O'CbnneU,
Lambert and Hegarty.
•Detective J. H. Gorham was detailed
on the -.case and ascertained that the
bullet came from the clubhouse of the
New Century, Wheelmen, which adjoins
the apartment house. He found two
bullet holes in the window of the apart
ment house facing the north wall of
the clubhouse and Inside the clubhouse
four bullet holes.. in . the wall of the
room where the shots were fired from.
Further inquiry elicited the Informa
tion that a member of the club had
been firing a 22-caliber. rifle at a
poster on the wall. Gorham was un
able to ascertain the name of the mem
ber.
Harold Levinson, 10 years of age, who
lives with. his. parents' in'the Bon Air
Apartment. House, Stanyan , and Oak
streets, was shot In the left hand on
Saturday afternoon while in the apart
ments occupied by his parents. He was
taken .to the Park Emergency Hospital,
where the wound, which was slight,
was dressed and the police notified.
Member of N«tv. Century Whe«lmen
Fires at Poster on Ylnll ' ln -
Clubhouse Adjoining.
BOY IX» APARTMENT HOUSE
WOUNDED BY RIFLE BULLET
..There is only one Antl-Rnef ticket—
the San Francisco Republican League.
The tailor shop of H. Litchfeldt. 210
Mason street, was entered by burglars
early yesterday morning by forcing a
panel out of the rear door. Two bolts
of black cloth, a gray frock coat and
vest, a pair of trousers, a vest and a
black Buit, of the aggregate value of
1 *171 50, were stolen. Policemen Hurd
and Hanley Baw two men acting sus
piciously In an alley In the rear of the
shop and after they had gone away the
policemen found a telescope basket in
* th© alley containing the stolen articles.
They were sent to the property clerk's
office.
Burglars Visit Tailor Shop.
~So much- for what. has actually been
traced to the "Jim "Crow gang." Al
though without any direct ..evidence as
a basis. Sheriff Barnet "strongly sus
pects -.this jrang responsible for. . the
death of Policeman George Brown,
who was shot to death on the evening
of December 17" last year. This was
just at the time that the "Jim Crow
gang" was operating 1 most \u25a0' actively,
ami there is good reason to bejleve that
theso desperate young criminals, who
would not stop at murder to get Cook's
$200. would not stop at the- murder, of
a policeman if they felt- that they ; were
in danger.
There never has. been any good de
scription of the assailants of Brown,
and it is not likely that, this, ca.se can
be fastened upon, them unless- they
should coufess. -?\u25a0 - But'; so many, unex-'
plained crimes have ;' been ; connected
with this gang; by_ thelr_ own' confes-'
.pions that the Sheriff's fofllce Is. of. the
opinion that could the whole truth be
obtained it .would^clear^away the mys
tery of the death of Policeman. Brown,
in addition to those of a score of rob
beries, burglaries find . hold-ups.
-As a general '< rule, the "Jim , Crow
gang" preferred a highway robbery or
some daring: assault like that.-upon Mrs.
Nasli in Berkeley^ .They, seemed .to
seek the more .exciting 'exploits. They
have told the officers that' they., had be
gun to think, that theyioould not be de
tected, and after a period of. quiet dur
ing the ; summer. they had planned a se-v
rles of r robberies Sfor. this winter. •; the
first of which -was-to.be.: that -of Jame3
Miller,! the pottery man. "' , r . :- : ' ..
The badffei that, each. member wore is
a cheap metal;arfair. but;the:bbys had
the daring: to have upon each
badge the .very, name of , the \ organiza -
tion. on each one being en graved *i the
words, "Jim Crow Gang, \ Oak." t f - V ,
Accusation, of .murder will be placed
against , Blaker,, Schneider and* v Pem
broke to-morrqtev;and,charges'6f rob
bery, will be "made 'against: all ;ilve.y ,
All these stories told by young 1
Crowhurst agree with the stories told
by ' the others, .except, as in
.the case, of the others, he shields
himself as much as. possible. .But
young Crowhurst exhibits more cool^
ness than any of the others, with the
possible exception- of Blaker,' who has
not said a .word. He is'mora seflf-pos-.
sessed than, any of the others, and tells
his story with more clearness and more
attention to detail. . . \u25a0. \u25a0:•.."
One of the first cases he took part in
was with his brother on October 13 of
last year. They held up A. H. Guldice
in Lafayette Park, just behind the high
school. Guidlce was with a young lady
and the elder Crowhurst placed a re
volver,under his nose' while the younger
searched his pockets. All that they found
was 35 cents whereat the elder Crowhurst
became wrathy and searched the man a
second time himself. "When no more
money materialized he said to Guldice,
"You're a cheap guy, anyway, to go out
with a girl with only 35 cents In your
pockets." Guldice had a considerable
amount of money in an inside pocket.
Another case that young Crowhurst has
confessed to is the holdup of a man by
the name of Goody, as nearly as he could
remember. This took place directly across
the street from County Clerk Cook's
house In East Oakland, and a few dol
lars were obtained.-
STORIES ALL AGREE. "'\u25a0'\u25a0
the criminal expeditions when no one else
was available.
Some months, 'ago Chief \u25a0''. Surgeon
Stephen Issued ', ordersv,to r his, assist
ants that drunks must not -be- received
as patients. He says that, at times the
beds which are for _the> use of others
are taken up -by alcoholic patients and
that the police must : cease -making a
dumping ground* out -of .the hospital.
He- says it 'would be necessary, to en
large the hospital ;and put on- another
attendant if thisshould.continue. He
also says-,the drunks are-a menace to
sick patients. ,- They 'are usually dirty
and keep the patients awake.
"The police station is no place for
sick'. people,".; says Lieutenant : Colby,
and this is how. the matter rests.
When Henry regained: part;, of his
senses the police were notified and they
then took him. . •\u25a0 V . : \ v ; . .
It would be wise for thosa who in
dulge In cheery stimulants not to mis
judge their 'capacities until Chief Sur
geon Stephen,..and the_ police Officials
can come.tp an agreement.' as to the
proper place to . keep, beastly drunks
who have, lost their senses ,for ; a ;time.
The first, clash cameiearly yesterday
morning when the police . brought to
the Central- Emergency, Hospital 'for
treatment George . Henry, who was
simply unconscious .from" the . excessive
use of alcohol. Such is -the -diagnosis
of Dr. Pinkham, who treated. the man.
Henry was> ordered seat to theVCity
Hall station to^ne locked up. Stewards
Mulally and'Manvllle put their" load" of
human freight on the movable stretch
er and shoved him Into the station office
to be booked for drunkenness. Cor
poral Callinan, who was in charge, re
fused to accept (him as. a prisoner, say
ing that he would not take the re
sponsibility, and he passed j the matter
up to Lieutenant Colby.
Colby likewise refused to book the
man and the two \u25a0 stewards shoved
Henry back tb the hospital." . A sscond
trip was made some time after' in the
hope that they would take th 3 prisoner
for a drunk, but again the police re
fused to" take him. - \u25a0\u25a0 — •
Mrs. Nash was at the County. Jail
again to-day, but she Is not positive
about her identification. The other case
was the cracking of the safe of Whitall,
Tatum & Co., glassware manufacturers
of 45 Stevenson street. Crowhurst
worked In the manufactory and one nlglit
slipped back to the works, cracked the
safe, took $300, but left $5000, which h<s
was afraid to touch; and afterward told
the story to his brother. ' -
Elmer Crowhurst to-day told how he
first came to work with the gang. , He
said that his brother wanted some one to
go out with him on a Job one night and
threatened that -he would beat him ' to
death if he did not go. The younger
Crowhurst went and liked the" life so
well that he continued to participate in
FAILS AT IDENTIFICATION.
James Crowhurst was the leader of the
gang. He It was who planned most of
the crimes, worked out the details, got
most of the money, gave his name to the
gang and prepared the badges of their
criminal combination. How Crowhurst
came to escape being in- the Cook holdup
that resulted in a murder no one seems
to know, unless It was that he wanted
to work out the robbery of James Miller,
the pottery man, as his especial business.
This leader of the gang is a locksmith
and. mechanic in a small way. He used
to tour the country as a repairer of
locks, lawn mowers and bicycles. In his
grip that was. supposed to contain topis
ho carried a lot of skeleton keys and two
revolvers. His younger brother generally
accompanied him, and the boy to-day
told the story of several trips through
the country and. robberies that were com
mitted. This grip is now in the pos
session of Sheriff Barnet.
But the older. Crowhurst had an un
fortunate way of \u25a0 boasting about his
deeds, and this has furnished other mem
bers of the gang with information about
him that they have freely given to the
officers. Percy Pembroke has told />€
two cases where Crowhurst boasted of
crimes and to-day the younger Crow
hurst substantiated Pembroke's state
ments. One was in the case of Mrs.
IC&sh of Berkeley, who was robbed . In
her own bouse. James Crowhurst showed
clippings about this case to his com
panions and said that he did It. , . •
As the case stands now three of the
boys have been connected with the Cook
murder. Nearly all of them have been
connected with one or more hold-ups.
Schneider has been connected with .the
Cook murder, but none of the confessions
show that he had any hand In any of the
other highway robberies that were com
mitted.
"The career of crime of these boys ex
tends over more than * year and Includes
very many robberies of all kinds. They
were regularly banded together with a
definite organization. They planned their
crimes together, and generally two car
ried out the plan. They would then meet
and compare notes as to what they had
done. The very fact that they escaped
detection . for so long maCe them bold,
until they actually committed a murder."
LONG CAREER OF CRIME.
he entertained strong suspicion that the
murder of Policeman George W. Brown
last December was committed by this
youthful band of thugs. From Elmer
Crowhurst he has learned much of the
carnival of crime that the gang carried
on, and while direct evidence is lacking
the Sheriff has hopes that he may ex
tract a confession as to who shot- down
the brave patrolman in the street when
he approached a suspicious character who
\u25a0was lurking" in the darkness.
The younger Crowhurst was taken into
custody this morning by Deputy Sheriff
Tom Carroll. Sheriff Barnet suspected
that the lad, young as he is. had been
implicated in some of the hold-up work
of the gang, and ordered that he be ar
rested. Two hours later me Sheriff had
a statement from the young criminal
that explains several hitherto unsolved
hold-up mysteries of the la?t year. It is
probable that a charge of robbery will be
placed against the lad, but Sheriff Barnet
is disinclined to try to send the boy to
prison, because of his age. and he will
urge sending him to a reform school.
"It is pretty tough to have to collect
evidence of murder and wholesale rob
bery against mere boys," said the Sheriff.
"They are a hard gang, but with all this
mass of criminal evidence against them
they nearly all think of their mothers
and the pain that exposure has caused.
Dr. Stephen Says Police Use
Hospital for a Dumping
Ground ; for Intoxicants
Meanwhile those desiring to attend
this excursion should apply at once for
tickets and berths at> the office of the
Merchants' Association. 409 Merchants'
Exchange building. ' .„
: The' excursion -to Portland! Monday,
the ,14th, which the commercial organi
zations of San .Francisco, are getting
up .to celebrate. San Francisco day,
August 17, at the Lewis and Clark Cen
tennial Exposition, promises to be a
successful , event. ' Applications for
tickets and berths are pouring into tho
office of the Merchants'' Association and
there is little doubt that the 'required
number to secure; the special $20 round
trip" rate will be booked.
The special train that will be pro
vided for the excursionists will be .a
luxurious one and enable them to travel
with all possible comfort. . Besides the
Pullman drawing-room sleepers and
dining car there .will be one of the new
style library .observation cars, with • a
special -compartment for ladies: and a
buffet smoking compartment for gen
tlemen. ' The train .will also probably
have a composite • smoking car with
buffet and barber shop. '
The train .'will leave at..7:40 p. m.
from the ferry depot Monday/August
14, arriving in Portland ' 7 a. j m.' "Wed
nesday. August 16..
. Special exercises, will be held at "the
California State- building at ' 3 p. m.
August 17 : to celebrate 'San Francisco
day at the exposition. Governor. Par
dee will probably be chairman 'of the
day and President H. W> Goode of the
Lewis and Clark, Centennial Exposition
will make an address of welcome to the
visiting San Franciscans.
It has not yet been decided who of
the San " Francisco delegates will make
speeches and this part of the pro
gramme will be announced later in the
week. \u25a0 ' : '
WILL NOT TAKE
COMMON DRUNKS
. According to the story told by the sa
loon man, a number of young fellows en
tered his place- of business shortly before
4 ' o'clock, and after purchasing several
rounds of drinks proceeded to create a
"rough house."
Borrman says he tried to quiet them,
but in the mix-up that followed he was
struck on the head with a largo beer
glass and sank to the floor in an uncon
scious condition. He was discovered by
a patron of the place and when an inves
tigation was made it was found that the
hoodlums had broken open the cash reg
ister and taken- sl2, 'all the money it:con
tained. 1 - • "
"Borrman was treated at the Central
Emergency Hospital for a* badly lacerated
scalp and a possible fracture of the skull.
He told the- police that he recognized
George Swicker, Toby Bernstein and Dan
Hayes, three young men of the neighbor
hood, in the party that started the trou
ble In his saloon. Last night Detectives
Hostetter arid- \ Kissane ' were detailed to
arrest the three- men.
A crowd of young toughs of the Hayes
Valley district yesterday afternoon badly
beat Henry Borrman, proprietor of a sa
loon and grocery at Gough and Fulton
Btreets. and then tapped the till of the
place for -$l2. Borrman was found lying
on the floor in an unconscious condition.
His wife was very ill In an adjoining
room and the shock completely prostrated
her. .The police are on the trail of three
ot the rowdies. •
San Francisco Day Promises
to Be a Successful
; Event.
POLICEMaV OAKLAND THUGS
ARE SUSPECTED OF HAVING
MURDERED, AND THEIR BADGE-
PORTLAND EXCUKSION
. ELICITS INTEREST
Gang of Hoodlums Steals
• $12 From Henry Borrman
When He Sinks to Floor
Alfred Cooley of Washington is »t the
St. Francis.
Dr. D. I* Tasker and Trtfa of Los An
geles are at th» Grand.
F. J. Spring, a mining man of Rhyolite.
KTev.. Is at- the St. Francis.
William T. Ellis Jr.. a well-known
young merchant of Slarysvllle. and his
wife are at the Grand.
Professor J. E. Stubbs of th© Nevada
I State University Is down from Reno and
i is registered at the Palace.
B. KlraJfy. the well-known theatrical 1
manager, arrived here yesterday from
Portland and is at the Occidental.
/John Barrett, American Minister to Co
lombia, who has been in this city for sev
eral days, departed last night for Port
land. ' ' r
Among th© recent arrivals at th© Pal- \
ace is J. B. Robinson, chief engineer of
the Diamond Match Company's Interests
at Chico and Stirling. ' -
BEAT A GROCER
AND TAP TILL
PERSONAL.
At 'first the- relatives feared he .had
been the # victim of. foul play and es
pecially as some youths he had haled
up to court for throwing rocks at his
house had, it is' alleged, been heard to
threaten him' harm. However, Detec
tives D. Matheson, G. Mulcahey and'G.
Gorham made, a thorough investigation
of the'neighborhood and concluded that
Murphy had been thrown from a; wagon
he was driving onto a pile of rocks. It
is very dark" at the place where he. was
discovered and it is surmised from the;
wheel marks on the pile that ;the ye : '
hide was driven over the heap. The
accident must have occurred at mid *
night, at which hour Murphy finished
his work at Fifth avenue and Fulton
street, and was on his way to put his
horse up for the night.
Dr. S. deary at a late examination,
of the patient last evening expressed
the probability of his recovery, though
the case appeared critical.
Murphy has been |in the employ .ot
the Geary Street Railroad Company for
twenty-six years. He is a man of
strictly sober habits • and is highly
esteemed. \u25a0 \u25a0 " • .
James Murphy, an old and respected
employe \>f the Geary Street Railroad
Company/ living at 415 First avenue,
was r found" about 6 o'clock yesterday
morning lying in an unconscious state
on Fourth avenue near C street. * F. A.
Brookbank, who discovered the man,
called for assistance and he was taken
to the Park Emergency Hospital. There
it was found that Murphy was suffer
ing from a fracture of the base of the
skull. . His family had' him removed to
the French Hospital. '
In arranging to join her !n this city he
\u25a0wrote on July JT: "Can't you have Mrs.
Brown meet me at the train and I go
home with her, you know, if w. is there,
but if I don't see her I'll know he's not
up. In case he comes on the day you
set for me Just send her to the train."
The last letter is dated July 14. In it
he wrote: "Darling loved one, be sure to
get a Masonic pin and remember when
you get into California there is a law that
Till take him away from you and keep
him away at your request. All you have
to do is tell the police. He don't even
dare touch you without your consent,
and you don't have to live with 'him ct
s.U, let alor.e come back here with him.
Do try to get free after you get-well. If
you die, loved one. remember my heart
dies with you." Mrs. Stephenson was
rearing a Masonic pin when brought to
the City Prison on Saturday and it is
being held as evidence.
In the letters mention is frequently
made of Mrs. Clara Brown as a true
friend. The police say that Mrs. Brown
lives in Oakland and acted as a go-be
tween for Bowen and Mrs. Stephenson.
She will be asked to appear at the
Coroner's inquest. Among Bowen's pa
pers a card was found bearing the fol
lowing: "Prof. Chilion Bowcn, instructor
of piano, violin, mandolin, guitar, voice
end harmony."
The police claim that Stephenson was
shot before he entered the room. Their
theory is that Bowen was standing be
hind the door with one hand on the knob
and th«» ether grasping: the revolver.
M'hen the doer burst open Stephenson's
head . appeared and Bowen aimed at his
ear. Stephenson turned his head around
tharply and the bullet struck him on the
chin. He staggered two paces toward his
rvife. clutching the revolver in his coat
pocket, and fell dead at her feet, Bowen
firing the other shot at him as he fell,
the bullet striking him on the back of
the head. «
"Don't go to the city, but go to Car-
Eon or .Virginia or Sparks or some place
where I can see you once In a while, as
1 may stay here for a while. How would
yeu think it would do, or would you feel
better to fly away entirely and let me
come to you?"
On May 2S he wrote her that he had
eee:i two men he had phot at, but they
did not recognize him. He told her:
Ciiilion Bowen and the -wife of the man
he murdered at 10154 Larkln street on
Saturday rooming were seen by an attor
ney at the City Prison yesterday inorn
\cs. On his advice thc-y declined to make
try further statements in regard to the
shooting-. The woman, Mrs. W. W.
Stephenson. has assumed a defiant and
iilscourieous attitude toward those who
speak to her. All her thoughts are cen
tered upon Bowen, and she seems to care
nothing about her four fatherless chil
dren in Waskoe City. Xev.
Detectives Matheson and Mulcahy
found several letters yesterday written
by Bowen to Mre. Stephenson. All
breathed the most ardent love for the
\u25a0woman, the expressions "darling heart,"
"sweetest own sweet." "your own fond,
true love." "your lover as ever, solid as
6tone," "light of my soul," and others'
equally passionate being frequent.
They show that he had been supplying
her with money at different times and
had been urging her to give up her hus
band for him. After he had been or
dered away from the Stephenson home
they selected a rock, where each left let
ters for the other.
Both fief use to 3lake Any
Further Statements. Act
ing on Advice of Attorney
Conclude .. on Investigation
Man Was Thrown From
Wagon He Was Driving
DETECTIVES SIFT CASE
TELLS HER WHAT TO DO
James Murphy Is Discovered
Unconscious and Suffering
From a Fractured Skull
They Breathe Most Passion
ate Devotion for Wife of
3lan He Shot and Killed
BOWEN'S LOVE
LETTERS FOUND
FEAR OF FOUL
PLAY DISPELLED
THINKS FRUITVALE GANG
KILLED POLICEMAN.
THE ,SA^ FRANCISCO/ CALL; MONDAY, AUGUST 7, 1905.
12
Barnet at Work
on the Brown
Murder.
Young Brother
of Crowhurst
in Jail.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— Another member
>f the "Jim Crow gang" was arrested
:o-<lay in the person of Elmer Crowhurst,
i brother of James Crowhurst, the leader
)f the gang. He is but 15 years old, yet
le has already confessed to having par
icipated in several highway . robberies,
md has told the full story of the "Jim
I!row gang" and of its many crimes. He
las described how they, wore a small
netal badge that was a miniature replica
)f the Sheriff's badge as an evidence of
heir membership in the organization.
Sheriff Barnet declared to-night that
t \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0aflMßHßaaßibußaaa
3 Midsummer \u25a0
I Clearances
I Sale I
S AT S
is.&.G.Gump|
S Co. I
I 1 13 Geary Street g
I Now On I
s Discount* on|-<
I Everything 1
g Pictures, Art Goods, g
§ Crockery and a
b Glassware s
B S3
BBBBBaBBBaaaBBBBBBBBBB
Back East Excursion
Found Trip Tickets h
Chicago _ $ 73 5O
St. Louis i J 67 so
"* 67 SO
New Orleans 67 so
Kansas City 60 00
Omaha 60 00
St. Paul 7000
Minneapolis 70 00
Duluth 72 50
Fort Worth 60 00
New York xoB «>
Boston ' , 100 W
Philadelphia ? 107 SO
' \u25a0- \u25a0 Baltimore 107 00 L
Washington. D. C 107 00 *Q )M
OH BALB
* Sbiy 24-25-2«. I J |, ,
Good for 90 days.
" . desvEH AND BSTCSS J55.0J
OS BAU '
1 Aiistist lft-tl-12-30-31.
Good (or 10 days. -
Tttesa . tickets ar* all honored oa
" \THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED
ASK THE SANTA FE.
653 atari*' Street*
PILES! PILES!
MACS IXFAIXIBLC PILE CURE
CURES ALL CASES OF BLINI>.
BLKEDING. ITCHIXG AND PKOTRUD-
ING PILES: cases of many years' stand-
Ing cured by a single box: price. 50
cents. A. & CO.. DRUGGISTS.
Lot Washington St.. San Francisco.
j •\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 ... •..,-. ;. ;
J*fe Igtk I i^k Ammunition, Uuntlns and
SII Al a Sporting Goods. Larsr%3t
lag I lU stock.. Lowest prices. Send
Ijl \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0I for ' catalogue r^"w^>»*ivii
UVII \& SHREVE & BARBER CO..
73> Market st.. ASd 921
, ... . Kearny »t.
Cbns'tipation and many other
infantile disorders are the re-
sults ofimproper feeding. Give
your*, baby -Mellin's Food and see how
quickly infantile troubles disappear.
.. Send 'for \u25a0 our ' book " The Care . &
.Feeding of Infants " and we will send
ittwith' a"s"arhple of 'Mellin's "Food '\u25a0
free of : charge. ;:
Kelila't. Food * !«. iU:6 VLT Infants*
FkH'jX l^ ll ««eiTfed the Grand Prize,
v the hishest award of the Louisiana Pur-
chase Exposition, St. Louis, 1904. Biih-
; er thaa a gold medaL
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
p|iiii^|pilGg
9AKLAND.CAL.
WUi; r«-op»n. for , the. Fair Semester on MOM-
DA V.", September? 4, ltX}s.' -\u25a0 ThejCollege oC.Coin-
merte will be -Inaugurated, on- S«ptember 5.
GenU * for ; IJK>5 ' catalosnie. • Mjone Main 12 1.
• .-. - \u25a0 ; - BRUTHEXt .VELLESIAX, i President.
DR-JPITERCErS^ RiarEPIES.
DO YOU FEEL THIS WAY.
. Do you fed all tired oat? Do yoa some*
times think yon just cant work: away ct
yonr profession or trade any longer? Do
you have a poor appetite, and lay awake at
nights enable to sleep? Are yonr nerves
all gone, and yonr stomach too?
Has ambition to forge g>»^»^ /£>> in the
EhHsIISmV w§ misery. You can do
E£&9 t Pi tree's Golden
fi&Sr \ sk e^ical Discovery
EagaL^**-® 'Pfll make yon a dif-
jg^M 1 »^ent individual. It
*eT§g3 / rW It will fret icto every
'Quy I J vein in your body
l I I and purify yonr
blood. It will set things right inyonr«tom-
tch, and your appetite will come back. If
there is cay tendency in yonr family toward
consumption, it wUi keep that dread dc-
etroyer away. Even after consumption has
almost gained a foothold in the form of a
lingering cough, bronchitis, or bleeding at
the lungs, it will bring about speedy cure in
98 per cent of all cases. It is a remedy pre-
pared by Dr. R. V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N. V.,
whose advice is given free to all who wish to
write him. His great success has come from
bis wide experience and varied practice.
O. 8. Copenhaver. Esq.. of Mount Union,
Huntingdon Co.. Pa. (Box wa), wnta: " Abort
twelve years ego I was suddenly taken with a
vein in the sit of the stomach which wu so rio-
lest 2 coda not walk straight. It would grow
jaore oscere vatil it censed waterbrash and vom-
itlar ef a slimy yellow water. A physician told
snel had a form of dyspepsia and treated me for
about six months with but little benefit. An-
ether pnysidan told me my liver was oat of or-
der and that X had indigestion. Be gave me a
treatment and X got some better but only for a
thort time. I then tried another one. who said X
had chrwdc Indigestion, ukeretion of the lining
ef the f»Tp»— *. torpid liver aad kidney affection.
He treated me for more than a year and I felt
taoch better, but it Aid not last. X then took to
csiag eevexal widely advertised patent medt-
dses, bat received' so more than temporary re-
lief. I then tried Dr. Pie. fee's medicines, using
his ' Golden Medical Discovery,* and the .' Picas-
act Pellets,* and in two months' time X was feel-
lacbetter thaa X had for years before."
Don't be wheedled by a penny-grabbing
dealer into taking inferior substitutes for
Dr. JPieree's medicines, recommended to
• fcrktfu.rraod.*'-*' - \u25a0 •
' Specials for Monday— Toesday— Wednesday -
ARRIVED. New Season's Teas. Oolong— Orange Pekoe— Ceylon—Japan
Coffee— Guatemala Ib. .20 Com and SuCCOtash— Sea Foam ,12J
Afine Central Araeriam coffee. 5 Jbs. .90 re^ly 15c t1»— 51.75 dot 1.50
Pure defoiesgras... can .20 Soap — Camel. np6oc yz&t. .50
Goose liver paste, reg'ly 25c ' Salt — table 10 Ib it .15
Marmarlade— Keiller's. ....... I" .22$ Alcalde. resly 2Oc-<sOc. .50 Ib. sk. ,45
|SPfei|iU .15 &UC.-.^.«40..
D. i G. Vatel, rejly 20c Rice— flaked, reg'ly 15c 2 pkgs. ,25
SprattS in Oil— Nor Urge .1 5 Powder— Talcum 3 tins ,25
reg'ly 2sc— 15c. .....'.small .10 Lady Jeanette's, regly 10c
Pickles— Rn M0ney........ ptb0t. .30 Prunes— California ....5 lbs £5
Gherkins and Mixed, reg 40— 25 c ipt .20 Always seasonable. regTy We Ib
Dainty Chips— regly 35c can . A ... .30 Pnj|tB— Alcalde, regly 20c .... .3 for .50
Sardines— Royan, reg'ly 15c ....... .1 2| Cherries «nd pears, reg'ly 25c 20
BaCOn— sliced.' sml. .15 Herring— New Matjes 3 for ,25
Armour's reg'ly 15c— 30c. . .Ige ,^O Season's delicacy— won't last long
Chocolate-Vigor. ,. ". ib. .55 H^ie^^m.,.;.. pk g. ,20
Kraft medjcated. Reg ly 65c r _ wu^° .}. } 25c
Dog Biscuit— Sp«tf» 3tfibs. .25 ,-, M : Un¥ 9n
Prevents distemper., 25Ibbox 1.55 Chemeff to H-m^h %pL |0
Pineapple— Florida. 21bcan .20 Goldbowbrand pint .35 Jj
Sliced, reg'ly 25c reg'ry 25c-35c-€oc quart
Broom— parlor .45 Broom— ww*'.: .20
Selected corn, best quality, reg'ly 55c . 8 inches long, well made, reg ly 30c
Sweeper— Goidbow I.9o'Sponges. .20 per cent off
Made by Bbsell, reg'ly $2.50 For toilet or household use
wu LIQUORS !\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0
Whiskey— oid 5t0ck........ ...hot 1.15 Fruit Syrups— c b. & Co. reg. 40c .35
Bourbon, reg'ly 51.50-5 6.00 gal. 4.50 Raspberry and strawberry, reg. 50c .45
Port-Sherry-Madeira....- 75 .^y^s bot ' I>o °
reg'ly 51.00b0t.,-$4.00. .... gal. 3.00 g.^ Ale l^ fast 1.35
Grape Juice— Unfermented.. .'.pints 2.60 Cochran & Co.. regly 51.50 doz
El Verde, Muscatel or Zinfandel. . qb. 4.90 White Wine— California. .7 g«! .55
veg'ly $3.00— 55.50 per dozen R'«h &«% navor > "S''y 75c