THE CALL^JTOJRE NEWS THAN ANY OTHER PAPER PIWIIS v 4N SAN FRANCISCO
THE "WEATHER.
Forecast made at S&o Francisco for
thirty hours en£inc midnight. July S:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair
Saturday; cooler; Brisk west winds In
the afternoon and possibly tog by
night. a. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster. /
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 38.
TAFT SPEAKS TO BIG CONCOURSE AT BERKELEY
DISTINGUISHED VISITORS MEET SANFRANGISCO SOCIETY AT MARTIN RECEPTION
TALKS UNDER
SHADY OAKS
IN CANYON
Secretary Addresses
Great Crowd at
University.
Discourses at Length
on Philippine
Question.
Miss Roosevelt Also
Visits College
Town.
Secretary Taft spoke to an audience of
eeveral thousand students and others at
}:erkeley ytsterday afternoon. Preceding
the lecture, tic and his parly were the
quests of Benjamin Ide Wheeler at lunch
eon. Mist> Roo;-cvclt was present, but
<iid not attend the meeting later, causing
preat disappointment to the audience.
Fhp went to the lencheon attired in a
v.l;iie sown, trimmed with white lace.
She wore a very becoming broad-brimmed
i-traw hat, with light blue ostiich feath
ws. and carried a large bouquet of or
chids.
Sec-rotary Taft and his party arrived
~i i>crk<*J<y about 1 o'clock. They came
on .- s^fial Key Route train, wich was
decorated at eiiher end with bis Araeri
«.-un tLigs. while attached to the middle
i«u were the Jarife yellow flags of the
company v _
Al the Station at Berkeley ihe party
w«j, met L> a reception ••onimtttee com
posed of Dr. AY. </. Morgan. Professor A.
N. LuKlf, Professor J. C. Mirriam. Dr.
1 S. Wrtrich. L>r F.-J. Cottrell and Dr.
Klmei K. Ha!!. A large crowd had col
lected tn »?ee the distinguished visitors.
Secretary Taft was the first to step from
the train, and directly behind him came
iklus MacMillan. She was at once taken
)<,r Mis? Roosevelt and the crowd rushed
uji about her. and snap snots were taken
<a her risht and left. The mistake was
s;«cn discovered, and when Miss Boose*
veil <J!d appear a similar scene was en
acted. ' *' -• ~ -
Mifcs Roosevelt smiled at the excitement
she occasioned, and then shook hands
\u25a0with the members of th? reception com
rckue.
The party was* driven to the Hearst
Hall, p.-lure Benjamin Ide Wheeler was
waiting to greet them. He was assisted
in receiving the visitors by Professor I^eon
J. Riehatdson, Professor Bernard Moses
end Professor K. C. Mooie. Luncheon
w,as served at a horsesnoe-shaped >table,
decorated with a great profusion of bach
elor buttons and golden rod, these being
the university colors. About the hall
were great masses of magnificent fern
plants. There were no speeches at the
luncheon, but toasts were proposed to
Miss Roosevelt, Secretary Taft and Mrs.
Hearst by Judge Morrow.
Those who wcie present at the luncheon
besides Secretary Taft and party were
the Board of Regents of the university
Profersor and Mrs. Moses. Dean and Mrs.
Moore, Professor and ' Mrs. Richardson,
Judge and Mrs. W. W. Morrow, General
and Mrs. Samuel S. Sumner, Captain E.
P. .Icrvey Jr., Lieutenant J. A. Higgins,
Admiral and Mrs. McCalla, Senator Flint
and Major C. E. Gillette.
Immediately .alter luncheon Miss Roose
velt. Miss Boardman, Miss MacMillan and
Bepjesentatfve Lungwort h departed for
6an Francisco. From Hearst Hall to
J-Xrav/berrj , Canyon, where the Kpeech
ti;akiug wue held, was only a short dis
tance, and the party, headed by Secretary
TaXt and President Wheeler, led the way
in a two by two procession. It had been
Duendcd to have the speechmaking in the
Greek Theater, but the heat was so In
tense that early yesterday morning it
nas decided to hold the proceedings in
the canyon under a grove of mammoth
buckeye and oak trees. Here a tempo
rary stand tvas erected, over which
lioated a beautiful American flag. In
front of the stand was a gradually slop
ing hill, upon which seats were placed.
The audience began to arrive about 1
o clock and by the time Secretary Taft
caroo the place was crowded. A large
number of the audience were of the fair
>-fX. nearly all in white gowns and white
hats. They made a. charming picture
against the green foliage of the trees and
the brisnt grass of the lawn.
The appearance of Secretary Taft in the
giove xv as the signal for prolonged cheer-
Ins, the vast audience standing until the
distinguished visitor had taken his scat
on the Uand. As soon as the applause
had subsided. President Wheeler stepped
forward to present iue Secretary of War.
Great Cheering
When Secretary
Is Introduced
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler In in-
troduclng Secretary Taft eald:
"The University of California is a na-
tional Institution &s well as a State in-
ftitution. It owes its ; existence, in tne
first place to a little private college
founded by. Tale men who with foresight
bought, the grounds we are upon now and
it always Is a place where a-Yalevman
Is welcome. It is a national university
in that it. was called into - existence" in
Its larger plan on the suggestion. of the
nationals Government'and at the instance
of the Morrlll land grant act. It has a
ri£ht to .welcome those who come In the i
The San Francisco Call.
DA UGHTER OF THE PRESIDENT POSES 'ESPECIALLY FOR THE CALL.
name of the national Government, though
we are sometimes believed
not yet to have discovered that we are
a part of the United Btates; and though
we are exceeding proud of our State and
know we have a right to be, . we are
juet as loyal members, of ;the United
States as anybody else and wo have not'a
notion-whatsoever of being queer about
anything that concerns loyalty -to the
nation.
, "Weiare glad to-day to. welcome'adis
tingulshed; body of .citizens,' of 'public
servants who areVon their.^way to cross
the 'Pacific on- a; great\national errand
wherein they t sacrifice themselves\ to. th^
public good. They; represent anfadmlnls
tration In which.: hereabouts; at any rate.
people of all classes and-ajrpartles have
confidence. <They represent our" country
and at'their head is a man; whorls-big
euougb<to represent'it in, all its phase*;
SAN FRANCISCO, 8, 1905.
and I ; introduce to you without spending'
any more'tlmo the Hon.. William H.. Taft,
Secretary; of .War, good citizen,- good I fel
low,great heart." • . •'.'./ " A :•' ,:';'.\u25a0 - .' '
Trf mendous icheering. greeted the War
Secretary : as *he stepped i forward, V and it
was several minutes ' before he could . pro
ceed.V'.'i •''\u25a0_•'\u25a0•.}'.'\u25a0:'.''"'.'. \u25a0'\u25a0'. •'\u25a0 :. .. \u25a0\u25a0•' -\u25a0" < .
rEafti Speaks: 'of :.% \u25a0
'Education for
, the Filipinos
". "Taf t's address was j as f ol
lows:.^.'.^^';'',>V./.'"*:.% i' : <'-^' l '- r -'' : i"Ki'-\^J'^''^ '\u25a0*
' "President Wheeler/ , ladies , and .gentle-
men of the University- of California:^ /
"There; is- nothing, * I-'-, think, \ calculated
to /impress yanvAmericanjvWith^the? great
ness .of chis country. iecual to; the;cxpefi-;
enco^.- of J a" ' trip) from tldeswaterj'.tb : ; tlde^
water of- fivc;<and \u25a0 six'days?. to) firidSthat
he ; has , left : a'-'country. 1 of f Americans ? ; f our
thousand H miles to J come $ Into ;{ a
country*, of •< Americans 'exactly,-;; like that
which^he^ lef t fat; home;: AmericansVwith
the- same r feelings, Iwith < the -sanie'- beauty
in. the'femalejsex, { with!the ; same"dlsposi^
.tion :'< on , t the V part uot >.; the . : male f. sex S to y
stand by, the county^or. the' State Ih^whlch'
hV happens , to } llve.l so that' ifj the .weather^
be sPartlcularlyJ L hot p . or f uncomfortable Sit
Is"'the?exceptlonaKcase^in*;fiveiyears._' ;.
I yit'i is ! npw/some five 'years ; since ; It\was
mij", : pleasure ;; to . be'Jprcsentw when.fi the \u25a0
University, of Callfornla/jthrbughilts; then"
and \: riow.^ President^ Mr."; Wheeler/^ took
its farewell '. of - Professor Moses,, .when
he .was about to \u25a0go to the Philippine
Islands to discharge^the -high functions,
which he : did "discharge.' \u25a0' of . introd«cing
,English| education -among that elght'^mil
•libnsfbftpebplPv'.The .timeiwas\in April;
s therefore '„ I fam• no t able \to j compare
properly..>ithe *-"6f April, with
July,' l a.nd; therefore 'not .able ,toi measure
"the desree "of rvefacityj that ;the; male sei
in^thisj^lcinltyihas/^r.-^*:; '"'
* ','Onelof -jthe" thoughtsj that ; corned Into : a
man's mind \u25a0 when he"_ rises before" an audi
ence • under fa cadeinia; shades ' like '\u25a0 these lis
how/; far- the Mnßuence-'of; such^a" unit
'versityj as \u25a0 this i is ! apt ; to \ be "for Rood >• inj
fthe"; community^ Professor James of Har-'
yard/ iwlth ; whom *I ; ha ye 5 had v some dis
agreements '*; wit h^. respec t " to , Philippine
[matters?* is [of jthe^ opinion | that education
is'not: necessarily • an' aid" to morality,' and
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "Up Tor* State.' 1 >i
CALIFORNIA— "Zaza." -
CENTRAL. — "Chattanooga." 4
CHUTES— Vaud«vJII«: #
COLUMBlA— ••Ranson'i Folly."
GRAND— "The Belie or Richmond."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLJ — Comic Opera. .
Matinees at all theaters.
I f concur. : but 1 am sure : he ', admits ; that
education "united" with moral tendencies
is .certain to make those moral tendencies
more effective.
Need Educated Men:
. "Now, we are in > this country, at least
to one up a tree, in a stage of transition.
The f enormous" expansion • in wealth and
resourees'of the last' ten years has made
it possible" for a great number in the com
munity to accumulate a ? wealth which
must'be^distributed Jn'-the : next) genera^
tion ;'and i must 'enable a \u25a0 great many, more
educated > men* In ithe \u25a0 next generation . to
do that 1 which they; would wish to do
without- being dependent, on. 'earning \u25a0 a
livelihood ; with, their; bands or brains. In
Continued on Page 3, Column 3.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MEMORABLE
SPECTACLE
PRESENTED
All Smart Folk Have
Now Met Miss
Roosevelt.
Sweetly Receives the
Honors That Are
Shown Her.
7 aft Party Reception
Is Surpassing in
Brilliancy.
SALLY SHARP
.Last night at the palatial home of
Mrs. Eleanor Martin the brains, beauty
and wealth of the Queen City of tho
Turquoise Sea made its obeisance to
the distinguished guests within ' its
gates— and to Alice, the pet of the na
tion, was paid the homage of the gay
throng.
It had been said that the reception
was to be a co-partnership affair 'twixt
fair Alice and the stalwart Secretary.
Mr. Taft, with their respective corps —
and Indeed the hostess so intended. But
say what you will, when a charming
maid, with a personality all her own, i 3
pitted against a .mere man— be he
diplomat, soldier, statesman or Presi
dent — he rinil himself In the class oC
the s J!'also'Tttns,"'.wltn*the maiden" U> ili«»
forefront with t he " honors.
f'But r Secretary "Taft doesn't care— not
"be! For in all his eventful life he
never looked happier than last night.
when the daughter of the President — I
his well-beloved chicf — was showered
with the plaudits of San Francisco's
smart set. In point of fact, he liked it
and joyed in it. as becomes a big man,
and Mr. Taft Is big. That cannot be
gainsaid to those who have met him- —
big mentally and physically, and, la
dies, mighty handsome. He's the typo
of man women admire — that is. In hts
evening clothes, it having been denied
me to behold him in his tweeds. 4BH
A great night socially was last night
— a night of the first magnitude, and
wide was the interest therein attested
to by the bourgeoisie gathering about
the Martin home, on the balcony of
which the Presidio band played gay
music that floated oft Into the' warm
summer air.
Within the splendid home, with Its
treasures of art. its rare tapestries, »t3
exquisite furnishings, its scintillating'
lights, its prodigality of blossoms, the
picture cannot be. forgot.
In the pink and white drawing-room,
graced with masses of American Beauty
roses, th»- hostess stood to receive her
guests, with Miss Roosevelt at her left
and the rest of the receiving party fol
lowing — a mighty fetching receiving
party, by the way. gowned mostly in
white — all save Miss Alice.
To be sure, you must know what she
wore. I would rather draw It— lf I
knew how — than describe it. for it was
the way* she wore it that lent it its
fine distinction. This petted but un
spoiled daughter of the nation wore
at the only formal affair given In her
honor a black clinging sktrt, smartly
cut, with a white draped bodice, show
ins: a splendid gazelle-like throat and
firm white shoulders. Long white glace
gloves finished her costume. Her hair?
That was* worn low at the neck and
drawn back from the face — and she ha*
masses of -It.'
Pretty?
Hardly that. She Is more than pret
ty — she Is wholesome, vivacious, nat
ural. Interested. alert. responsive,
ready of wit and full of action. There
Is about her an air of abounding spir
its, held In check by a strong mental
balance—while she shows all the sisns
of good breeding: and heredity.
During the two hours of tedious, presen
tations, tfils daughter of the house ot
Roosevelt never for a moment lost her
equanimity— nor her winsome smile.
Mr. Nicholas Longworth?
Yes. he lingered quite close to charm
ing Miss Alice. And Congressman Kaba
vouches for, him as being "a splendid fel
low, with no pyrotechnics, but good
natured.- social and with a lot of manli
ness." That sounds good, doesn't It?
As to the ensemble, there has never
I been, in the modern history of San
\u25a0 Francisco's smart set, a more brilliant
picture. •
To begin with, the setting was superb.
with palms. American Beauty roses.
Bermuda lilies and maidenhair fern
everywhere. And as for the women—
I just ask Secretary Taf t or any of, the
i gallant chaps- that made *up hi 3 stall
last night. The air was heavy with
exotic compliments to the beauty of
i Western > women — and what do , you
think? — the Eastern ladles joined In the
chorus. V. .
! Quite the jolllest part of the mansion
| was the dining-room, a symphony .la
red. where a buffet supper was served,
with an awfully good brew of punch.".
As to the hostess, there Is thi3 to b«
said— she, discharged her obligation as, the
representative society woman . of . San
Francisco in a manner befitting the rank
of" her distinguished guests anrt the dig
nity, of the Queen City of the West. . i;'
And out of. the- whol*-! say. night comes
i the echo, "Alice Roosevett Is a thorougt
breil—and Secretary Ta ft. a good fellow."
May blessings attend them, and all who
accompany them, on the voyass across
the sea.
Continued on Pace 3, Colama ! V2
"PULL" BANISHED
FROM SERVICE
President Rules Against All
Outside Influence in Both
the Army 'and the Navy
MERIT ALOXE TO COUNT
Records of the Department
Will Be the Sole Basis
for Promotion of the "Men
OVSTKJ*-BAY. July ».— An- important
order was issued : to-night by President
Roosevelt announcing the policy here
siftfcr to be followed by the administra
tion in making appointments or promo
tions in the military branch of the Gov
ernment. The President orders that if
any ofheer of the army or navy here
after shall solicit Influences aside from
the records "of his service on file in tlie
War arid Navy departments In order to.
obtain 'promotion or assignment he shall:
be debarred thereby from the advance-!
ment 6r detail which he is seeking. The
order says: ' • . • .. • ;
"The records of the department .will
contain full and detailed information* in
respect ;to"; to" the character,' military ser-'
vices and general attainments of all ofn-.
cers. composing the military establish
ments. The" records so obtained set firth
the relative merits, of all officers of all
grades ,%>f rank in ihe several branches
of the line and staff and enable all va
cancies which occur in., the military ser
vice to be filled after a careful compari
son of the records of those officers who
ara eligible under the law. :TQr particular
ay-ignments or details.
"The records of the Xavy Department
ftnnish evidence of the character, ser
vice and ability of all tifiicers -of the
navy, founded upo'ri the official reports
of those officers whose duty it • is to
make them. The reports are sufficiently
specific to enable the department to de
termine the particular duty. which «ach
officer is fitted to perform without the
intervention of requests, claims or in-
Cucnccs from sources outside the navy.
"It is therefore announced that In fu
ture appointments, details, transfers and
assignments in the army -and navy the
executive will be guided by the official
records of the War and Navy depart
ments respectively to the exclusion of
other sources of influence or information,
but In case an officer has performed any
special act of bravery or courage or ren
ders specially efficient service, of «which
there is no record or only a partial record
in the War or Navy Deyartment, the
testimony of any person who was an eye
witness of ' the same may be submitted
for consideration.
"Should It be discovered that Fince the
publication of this order an officer of the
army and navy has sought recommenda
tion or support from sources outside of
those named above this fact will debar
him- from obtaining the particular ad
vancement, apslgnment or detail which
he has by such means attempted to se
cure, and the fact that such officer ha*
nought such influence will be noted on
his official rtcord."
DETROIT BOYS RUN AWAY
LOCKED IX FREIGHT CAR
They Become Homewirk, However,
After Traveling an Far an Nlag-
ara and Take Train Back.
DETROIT, July 7. — Perry Deneau.
\u25a0who was reported to have been locked
in a freight car that left Detroit last
Tuesday, has returned home. .With
two other boys he entered the car' vol
untarily, requesting another boy to
lock the door. The three boys became
homesick when they reached Niagara
Palls and boarded a freight train for
Detroit
ARMY AND NAVY ORDERS.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— Army or
ders: Post commissary Sergeant Wil
liam Grum of San Francisco is as
signed to duty In the purchasing com
missary office in San Francisco. A
board of officers has been appointed to
meet at the call of Its president at the
Presidio. San Francisco, for the exam
ination of officers to determine their
fitness for promotion. The detail of
the board is as follows: Colonel Charles
Morris, artillery corps; Lieutenant
Colonel Robert H. Patterson, artillery
corps; Major William Stephenson. sur
geon; Major James Lockett, Fourth
Cavalry; Captain Frederick F. Russell,
assistant surgeoji; First Lieutenant Ed
par/'H. Yule, artillery corps, recorder.
Captain Harry C. Benson. Fourth Cav
alry, will report to Colonel Charles
Morris, president of the examining
board at the Presidio. San Francisco,
for examination to determine his fit
ness for promotion. Sergeant, first
<~luss, Gabriel Cushman, hospital corps.
New York City, will report to the com
manding officer at the depot »f recruits
and casuals at Fort McDowell. Cali
fornia, for transfer to Manila on the
first available transport.
Navy orders: Mate J. Murphy has
been ordered to the Pensacola at the
naval training station at San Fran
cisco; Mate J. Blake has been ordereft
to the Philadelphia at the navy yard at
Puget Sound; Mate W. O. Lamb has
been ordered to the Pensacola at the
naval training station at San Fran
cisco.
X>w nnllwar Mall Clerks.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— David B.
Alexander of San Francisco. F. C. Har
rison of Pasadena. Howard Wilder ancl
W. G. Stone of Los Angeles received
appointments to-day as railway mail
clerks.
_ r , m
\siICLZS
\u25a0
Will your widow, live
as well as your wife?
Most men hope bo.
Most men have set a
time to take out in-
surance. Came upon
a znaa Saturday who
was "now _, ready.**
Examination showed
kidney disease. Could
not take him, of
course. Don't you
see that de lays are
dangerous ? Here's the
best company in. the
world rig-lit in your
home city. ,No poli-
cies like Pacific Mutual
policies. Do it now*
The San Francisco
Branch of the / Pacific
Mutual Life Insurance
Co. of California, Crock-
er Building. Walter
Hofi Seely, Manager.
PRESIDENT LAUDS
SECRETARY HAY
AND ELIHU ROOT
H e Praises^ :ThQir^;Se If Sacrifice
the; Nation. .'
DRAWS LESSON ::FROM; ; THEIR f DEEDS
OYSTER BAY, July • ".—Official an- ,
nouncement was made here to-day that j
Elihu Root has been appointed Secretary j
of State.,, The announcement yf&s made
on the authority of "the President in the
following: statement given out by. Sec
retary Loeb: - '
. "Elihu Root has accepted the tender by
the President "of the United States" of "the"
office of Secretary? of. State.. He will take
the office In a couple of weeks, biit it will"
necessarily be some little time before he
clones -up his business, affairs. - He jvjjl.
not go to Washington permanently until
jsome time in September.".-. .-, • '"
President Roosevelt ig \ much gratified
at -Mr. Root's ; acceptjitipe and is deeply
eeffslble of, the personal" sacrifices made
by Mr. Root in again taking upon hinl.
eelf the burdens and duties of a member
of the. Cabinet. - -• : V \u25a0•i
The decision , of Mni Root .was reache/3
finally pn the President's, special train
during \the return &of the \ \ Presidential
barty from " Cleveland. !'For personal rea
feons^ entertained. ". bdtte.fiy^ jhe .President.
&nd by Mr. ; -:ftoot t .Tt-sy,as deemed advisable,
not to announce the i 4ecls'i<w publicly un;'
til the President ha4" 'returned to ;Sags-;
more'mu..-" It; was% determined, jtherjefotfe.'j
that the ofliciaL- stat/meriT of/.tlifer/.PresjK'
denfs tender and Mr?
accept it would be made to-das\,' : . '/\u25a0
It is the Intention. of Mr.Vßpot, ; to as-,
sume the dutie?'- of Secretary :' of'LS.tate
practically at once, . although'.itrwill.lia
perhaps two weeks 'before he. will Jfotm-'
ally tnke the oath of. office. His profes
sional interests are 'soMarge that Jie #vill
have to devote , considerable • to'
make a satisfactory arrangement '<sf tliem".
befort he goes to Washington- to 'take
permanent charge of .the State .Depart
ment When he takes" active charge of
the department, he will give, up entirely
his law practice.
President Roosevelt paid an apropriate,
and eloquent tribute to the life and serv-;.
ices ol the late Secretary of State John'
Hay in his address before the National
Educational Association at Ocean Grovo
to-day. He followed this wfth -an£ esti
mate of the personal sacrifice Elihu Root
had made In becoming Secretary Hay's
successor in office. The example of these
two men enabled him to point out a most
effective moral. At .the conclusion of his
prepared address the President put .aside
his notes and spoke as follows to the
gieat audience:
DEVOTION TO HIGH IDEALS.
In closing. I want to ?peak to you of -how
certain things, sorn* of which have happened
and some of which have b^en suggested. to me
by what has happened In the paEt week, empha
size what I have said to you as to the experi
ence to this country of having within its limit
men who put the 'realization of high ideals
above any form of money making. \u25a0 . •
Within a week this country has lost a great
Ktstesm&n, '.vho was also a great man of let
ters, a man who occupied a picturesque and
unique position in our country, a man of- whose
exißtence could each of ui> be proud, for the
United Stales as a whole was better because
John Hay lived. John Hay entered the public
w-rvice when a young man Just- come of age
as the secretary to President Lincoln. He
served 'in the war and was a mernbei*- of 'the
Loyal Lerion. . He , was trusted by • and was,
intimate with Lincoln as hardly any other
man was. He then went on rendering service
after service and was always able at any mo
ment to go to life unless he could con
tinue in pubUcsJife on Mb own terms. He
\u25a0went on rendering service to the country until,
as the cllmajc of his career, he served as Sec
retary of State under two successive adminis
trations and, by what he did and by what *i«
was, contributed In no small degree to achiev
ing for this republic thr respect of the na
tions. Such service as mat could not have
been rendered pave by a man who had before
him ideals as Tar apart as the poles from those
ideals which have In them any taint of what
is base or sordid. :
Now I wished to secure as Mr. Hay's suc
cessor the man whom I regarded as of all the
men in the country the one best fitted to be
such a one's successor. In asking him to ac
cept the position of Secretary of State, I was
asking him to submit to a very gTeat pecuniary
sacrifice, and I never 4hou(?ht of that aspect
of the question, for I knew that he would not
eithr-r. I knew -that whatever other considera>
tions he had to weigh for and against taking
the position, the consideration of how. It might
affect his personal fortune would not be taken
Into consideration by Elihu Root. and. he has
accepte-i
I am not speaking of Hay and Root-as soli
tary exceptions.^ On the contrary, I am speak-,
ing of them as typical of a- larg(s cla^s of men
In public life. Even when, we Tiear bo much
criticism of certain aspects of pur public lire
and or certain of our public servants. It Is well
f<;r us to remember also the other 'Elde of the
picture, to remember that here in America we
now have and always have had at the com
mand ot the nation in any crisis the very best
ability to be found within the nation and that,
ability has been given with the utmost free
dom, given- lavishly and generously, although
at great pecuniary loes to the man giving it.
' There is not in,my Cabinet one man to whom
it is not a financial disadvantage to stay in
the Cabinet. Nor Is there onev who does not:
havf to give up something substantial, some
times what 1r a financial hardship to give up,
in order that he may continue in. the service
of the nation and have only the reward for
whlrh he looks and for which he -cares,' the con-
Kcioiisnpss of having doneservice that was worth
rendering. I hope more and more .throughout
this nation to see the spirit grow which makes
such service possible. I hope to see the senti
ment of th« country as a whole become such,
tfcat each man shall feel borne In on him,
whStfier he Is in public or private life. • and.
minoNyou, some of te greatest public services
can be best rendered by those who are not in
public 15fe. that the chance to do good work Is
the greatest chance that can come to any man
or any woman In our generation or In any other,
generation, and to feel that if such wx>rk can'
he well done it is in Itself the amplest reward
and the amplest prize.
BAIIO.V ICA.\EXKO HIS GUKST.
President Rooßftvelt's references to both
Mr. Hay and Mr. Root were received
wltfo tremendous applause. His statement
that " the latter had _ accepted the . office
of Secretary of : State, a fact of which
many of his auditors were not aware,'
brought the audience to its feet cheering.
President Roosevelt and party returned
to Oyster. Bay at 7 o'clock to-night from
the trip to Ocean Grove, N. J. The-spe
cial train was delayed a little en route
from Long Island City and arrived here
fifteen minutes late. The-Pre«ident Was
accompanied from Long Island City by
Mrs. Roosevelt, Miss Ethel Roosevelt
and Mrs. Richardson of New York. As
the President landed at Long Island City,
from the tug Lancaster, he was greeted
T>y his friend Jacob Rils, whom he_ had
not seefr / or several, months., ".Mr. 'RHs ;
accompanied tlfe President T as, : far as s
Jamaica. " ' .' V ... \u25a0'\u25a0.". " " ' .'"
The President's trip was a, most ,enjoy
able one. He, was Joined in Jersey City^
on the way to Ocean Grove by" Sejiatora
Keanand T)ryden of New Jersey." .On the,
return trip; the President^' delivered a
\u25a0brief speech at Perth Amboy to a '"crowd
of several hundred people. ".
On' his arrival here the President" was
met at"' the. station by Baron "Kanenko,
the flnacTal agent In this. country of Ja
pan. . They shook hands . cordially;; chat-,,
ted a. few minutes' and then ; the" President
drove to Sagamore Hill with Mrs v Roose
velt. Baron Kanenko followed | in", an-,
other carriage and is. ari^overnlght 1 ; guest
of the "President. The significance ot
BaTon Kanenko's visit to the ; President'
Is not disclosed, but It undoubtedly, has
to do with the pending negotiations for
peace In the Far East.
sunrnisK to politicians.
!Vew York Mnchlne Xot Frlentfty to the
1 .Xfw Se«-retary. ; " '
NEW. YORK, July 7.— The l appoint-:
ment of Elihu Root as Secretary of
THE^SAy|FRANGISCOiCALi:;V SATURDAY, JULY -8, 1905.
State'took most of the. Republican. poli
ticians of this city by surprise, for it
was the general! belief that he cotild-not
be ; induced to * re-enter the Cabinet.
\\ hen the first -ieports '"came out many
refused to ' credit them, and until the
t)lHcial announcement by the President
to-day would not discuss the matter.
"Former* < »6vefnoF OcTeTl."" chairmah~"of
the Republican ,State v Co;mr.lttee, .waa
asked this afternoon if he had anything
to say abouflt.- 'He inquired if the 6f
hcial \u25a0 announcement" vhad been made,
and when told that it had said:
"I consider it; a- g;ood appointment,
and. am glad that it was made.". :
.-.Odell \u25a0woulfl/ not discuss the matter
further. _ I • -"
; Nothing for months has so stirred the
.Republicans *;.!K-'ro as^ -Root's appoint
rr.ent,-f,TKHt he has. his eye on the Pres
idency, in -isaS" 1 is^generally believed, ami
tfhe effect. onfHtate politics -of his pos
sible, indorsement .byt the president is
.being: M discussed; 'Neither; Odell. nor
;J*latt, ' leaders ;in the' Republican p"artj\
: .fav<)r the elevation i of " Root; to "tho
' c PfesJdency. *He hasia - strong;follow
\u25a0'injr.arr.'ong' thb buKShess . men, but hi
1s not' strong -Avith^the 'politicians. ;. it
'is not thought likely'how th.it. his-Pres
idential- boom, will li-eiceiye'. nmch encour
agement from th,e Republican machine.-
'lIOOT 'MAY HANDLE CANAL.
Isthmian Affairs Likely 4 to \u25a0Be Trans
': '[ 'j '\u25a0 ' feireil From Wnr Bureau.: '\u25a0 «"
,' OYSTER I BAY, July 7."— lt ls-'not un
likely 'tfiat the administration qf> af
fairs- connected with- the. : construction"
of;. the Panama canal' may; -be "trans
ferred, from the War to' the State, det
partment. Since Mr. Root indicated his
acceptance of the President's tender
of the Secretaryship of State, the Presi
dent lias had the matter of the transfer
under consideration. V It "'is; known that
Secretary Taft would, be quite, willing
to be relieved of the responsibility at
tendant-upon the .Panama- canal affair.
. -The appointment of Judge Magoon to
be : Minister of the United States . to
Panama in connection .with , his; office
as Governor of the American zone on
the.isthmus, naturally- suggests; the de
sirability of both offices .under
the direction of the Secretary .of State.
Mr. - Root Is deeply Interested in .the
canal .work -and- alreudy has rdevoted
much thoughfto.lt/; •: .-.-y • :
While no decision" regarding the
transfer has yet been reached by the
President, it is regarded as probable
that the direction- of all matters per
taining to the eanM will be placed in
.the hands of Secretary Root.
RECEIVERS NAMED
«&DE\&IN CASE
Cyrus Le] and and J. E. Hur
ley Placed in Temporary '"
.Control.
TOPEKA, Kans.. July T.-rCyrus Le
land of Troy, Kans., and J. E. Hurley,
general manager of the Santa Fe Rail
way system, were to-day, appointed
temporary receivers of the properties of
C. J. Devlin, who has been adjudged
a bankrupt. A bond of $250,000 will bo
required. * ;
\u25a0 "I named two men," said Judge Pol
lock "because I felt thnt there wao
more work 'than one could do. I think
the appointments will be generally con
sidered" satisfactory."
Hurley's appointment was made at
the^request'of the Santa Fe Railway
Company throi'Rrh its attorneys. Judge
W. R. Smith and A. A. Hurd. The re
ceivers wiil bt^ Jn charge until the cred
itors elect trustees. '•\u25a0 .-. '
• "The-Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railway Company will' not take part In
the management of the coal mines
which \u25a0 are involved in the. failure of
C: J. 1 Devlin," said Clifford Husted,'at
torney for Devlin, to-day. "The cred
itors will soon advance money to carry
pii the mines und zhe payment oi tne
mjfners' lyages' In the Southern Kansas
coal fields for a lime. The t'anta Fe Is
interested only in seeing that coal is
furnished it as before. The sum, of
$40,000 will be advanced by the cred
itors. The Illinois miners have just
been paid off and nothing will be due
\u25a0foj" two weeks to come."
It '.is understood that Governor Hoch
and Attorney General Coleman will bring
criminal proceedings against State Treas
urer Kelley uhless he secures a new bond
to replace the old one made invalid by
the failure of C. J. Devlin. The State
has $547,000 tied up in the First National;
Governor Hoch says Kelley must furnish
a new bond to secure' this. .Kelley says
he cannot do so. : The Governor " ana
Attorney General have ; not set any par
ticular time for the bond to be filed other
than stating it must be done at^ohce. .:
ACCUSED NEGRO SHOT
TO DEATH IS A TRAIN
lijnched lij a Mob AVlille Being Taken
to Place of Safety in
- Kentucky. .
SHELBYVILLB, Ky., July. . 7.— Lori
Beard, a negro, who had been arrested
on the charge of assaulting Mrs. Ches
ter.Crawford of Normandy, was lynched
this afternoon. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 He. was being taken
from Taylorsville to Shelbyville : for
'safe keening, but when . the/train ar-'
i rived at Normandy, a, mob of ;<; < about
' twenty-five men entered the day coach
and riddled. Beard; with bullets as he
i'nat In his seat. ;
.VENEZUELA - SALT INDUSTRY '; ;.
\l>6W GOVERNMENT^ MONOPOLY
De'crer . luiucil . by, I*<f« t *l«le.nt Cnstro
'"' c Which Put*. lhe Xatlon In Full
\u0084 : v- • '.\u25a0' \u25a0 Control. '
, WASHINGTON, July 7.— Norman
.Ilutchinson,' American Charge-'at Ca
racas,-has X reported to "'-. the , State • De
partmenL" that ; the .; President , of Vene- V
-zuela. has : issued a decree practically,
makingr.the stilts industry of , Venezuela
a Government monopoly. \u25a0 ; ;' , ';
Snntn !> Joln» In Sugar Rate War,
, TOPEKAV Kans.; \ July 7.— -T\\& 'Santa,
F«?: .has ' Joined: in -the -sugar rate war.
Tho rate has been cut from : 32 cent"* to
22"-. cents rVio l,'-.Missourl, : -.River'i. points
frolii New Orleans "and from'4o to 30
cents -,f or *.Krtnsf»s\ jobbings points. \u0084
More on ' Fourth Death . I Ant.
CHICAGO, July 7.— Four .more " vic
tims of : Fourth- of July accidents', have
diedMn. Chicago." The total now reaches
sixty-four. " ':/"'' ' /\u25a0' .. '']\~ m ; - " \u25a0\u25a0'
Summer * Colds.
jl.v Laxative Bromo Quinine.'; the world wide Cold
Cure, removes the cause. Call for the full name
and look for signature of E.-AV.:Urove.?r- We. •
TEACHERS HEAR
NATION'S CHIEF
President Eoosevelt Speaks
"-. at. Closing Session of the
" Educational Association;
Givfe :5^: 5^
He Delivers tan Interesting
? Address- on the Duties of
tlie'fMen-: of Grei^t ; Wealth
ASBURr -PARK,, N. J., y July 7— A
"crowd ' of > 80,000-persons which turned out
to President Roosevelt made
Friday, the' closing day of the National
Educational-Association- convention,- the
most impressive^ of. all the great educa-.
tional ! meetings). V;V:S •\u25a0„ « ' . %
The duties of trie rich was thY subject
matter -of - the speech ' Which -the - Presi
dent 'delivered to the educators.
Although. this was. the ..last day of the
convention* ; the President '* f oiind - -12,00 c»
delegates, .nearly 'all sqhool teachers^
waitl ng to hear \u25a0 his : speech, . which was
made in Ocean ; Grove •Auditorium. .The
Presidential \u25a0 trainVarriyed,;iat the 'station
-at -'2 o'clock ahd-ifr?.took:thlrtyrnve;min
utes. to makerthe. trip' from. there through
the., people .until. "the-:' moment when the
cheering, subsided arid! ;the' j^resident 'be-;
gan to! speak,* .from - the "Ocean ' Grove
Auditorium nlatform'., '. '•.-] >\u25a0'\u25a0 : '\'\ ' ' ' ;.
' - Several / prett,y*'recei>.y6ns /.'marked the,,
-trip, from* theV^tatlon tb'tiie 'auditorium. 1
:Outside thejstatlpn.the Indian band from
ytfrlisle Schbol' r was ! in' waiting, 'and. fell'
into; line immediately before* the> Presi
.dent's carriage. | In -the "carriage' witli the.
President rode Governor ,' Stokes .of -;Nev^ ;
Jersey. '. A military escort accompanied
the carriage!' , V '-7 '•\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0""'.'\u25a0\u25a0.
r ADDRESSKS THE ! EDUCATORS. | '
.As tlie carriage . tiiVned Into Main street
It passed, "a wagon .filled with negroes,,
who began . toY cheer. .In response: the
President waved\his hand at-the delighted,
negroes.' -.;\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0V '/ ,-.'-..• - "'- . . ' .
\u25a0 When the President entered the audi
torium thousands ;.' moahted - chairs; ana
cheered him.. 'As soon as 'quiet had been
restored he began to speak. He said in
part: ,'
The chief- harm done by the men of swollen
rortune to the community is not the harm that
the demagogue is kpt to depict as springing
Irom their actibns.vbut the fact that their
success sets up a false ' standard and so serves
as a bad exampld ,foi>the rest- of. us. If we
did not oruselves attach an exaggerated im
porttance to the rich man who Is distinguished
only. by. his riches, this rich man would have a
most \u25a0 Insignificant influence over us. It 'Is
generally.' our . own . fault if he does damage
to us,? for .he damages us chiefly by arousing
our envy or by rendering us sour and discon
tented. In his.a ctual business relations he Is
much more apt ; to berteflt' than harm the rest
iof us;, and. though It . is." eminently right to
take ; whatever- steps" are 'necessary In order
r-io prevent the exceptional members of his class
from doing' harm, it Is "wicked folly to let
ourselves- be drawn Into any attack upon the"
man of wealth \u25a0 merely as such. Moreuver,'
euoh : an attack is :in -itself an exceptionally
crooked and ugly tribute to wealth, and .there
fore the proof of an exceptionally ugly and
crooked state of mind in the man making the
attack. . .
SKKVII.ITY 'TOWARD WEALTH.
Venomous envy of wealth Is simply another
form of the spirit, which in one ot its manl
f estations . tak«s the .shape of. cringing ..servility
toward -wealth, and In' another the 'fchape ' ot
brutal arrogance on the part of certain men of
wealth. Each one of these states of. mind,
whether It be hatred, servility or arrogance,
is dn-reallty- closely akin -to- the other" two;
,for each; of -.them 'springs from ai fantastically
twisted and exaggerated Idedt of the import
ance of wealth, as compared to other- things;
The clamor of the demagogue against wealth,
the snobbery' of,/ the social' columns -of the
newspapers which deal with the doings of the
wealthy and the misconduct of those men of
wealth' who act- with brutal disregard of the
rights of others, seem superficially to have
no fundamental relation; ytt in reality" they
spring from shortcomings which are
mentally the same; and one of 'these ehort
comings is the failure to have proper Ideals.
- This failure must be remedied In large part by
the action of you and your fellow-teachers,
your, fellow-educators throughout this land.
It is absolutely necessary to earn a certain
amount of money; it Is a man's first- duty to
tnose dependent upon him to ram enough for
their support;^ but after a certain point has
been reached money-making can never stand
on the same plane with other and nobler forms
of effort. The roll of American worthies num
bers men like Washington and Lincoln, Grant;
and. Farragut, Hawthorne and Po», Fulton
and Moree, Bt. Oaudens and MacMonniesi.lt
numbers statesmen and soldiers men of letters,
artists, sculptors, men of science. Inventors,
explorers, roadmakers. bridge- builders, phil
anthropists. . moral leaders in great- reforms;
it numbers men who have, deserved well in
anyone of countless fields of activity; but of
rich .men -It numbers -only those "who have
used their . richps aright, who have . treated
wealth not as an. end. but as a means, who
have shown good conduct in acquiring it and
not merely lavish generosity in disposing of It.
Thrice • fortunate are, you to whom It Is
jriven ' to ; lead lives of ; resolute endeavor for
the achievement 'Of lofty Ideals, and,' further
more, to -instill, both by your lives and by
your ( teachings, these Ideals i Into the " minds
of thoise who \u25a0In the . next generation will, as
the men and women ot that generation, deter
mine the position which this nation will hold
In the history, of mankind. •.
•EULOGIZES THE PRESIDENT.
Responses to the President's .\u25a0 address
were made by John R. Kirk, president of
the State Normal School at Kirksville;
Mo., and Miss Katherlne Blake, principal
of; public school No. .'6. New York City.
Miss Blake's response was a notable one.
She pronounced an - eloquent eulogy on
the President, concluding with these
words: " ,
"He is -a greater teacher than any
among us. We are teachers of children ;
he la a teacher, of men, a teacher of na-;
tiona.' He is not only 'the President of
the United States, but also the best loved
man !n all the world."
As the President shook hands with Miss
Blake: at the conclusion of her , address,
the audience rose to lta feet and cheered
for nearly a minute. It had been the
President's ' intention to make another ad
drass outside' the auditorium, but his time
was bo short 'he could stop only long
enough to greet' the crowd which had as
sembled and to express his pleasure at the
reception accorded \u25a0 hini. ''. " '-:
He left immediately for Oyster Bay.
Among the officers elected by the sev
eral dlvißions;for the ensuing, year, were
the: following:. - >•.
. Business section— Second vice president,
W.; H. Wagner, . Los Angeles.
Kindergarten department— President,
Mnry C. May,; Salt: Lake; 'Viee 1 president,
Elmerß/Brown, 1 Berkeley, l Cal. ; :
PIONEER PHYSICIAN DIES.
Dr. S. K. JVurW'of *Uil*un Answer* the
lust Call.
' SUISUN; July 7.— Dr.' H.-K.. Nurse, a
pioneer settler* Of .SolnnoCoiinty,-, died
h*if « to-du'y .'it ; Lho age* of 85 ,yeara'. JH«J
came'; /to" California : ih"}B49, and -had ..
been -a .< rpsidyiU \u25a0of i this ; county "'flnoj
1853.* I For, nmiy yftars he hf.d been an
invulid. 'i)r. u Nurse" was well- know'rt Jin
Masonic circles. : . . / ' : 1 ' ' .'
AnnTf ern Call In Yumn.
SAN" JOSK.; July : ; :7i— Joseph 'Ham r .
berg-er,*aretlr«JicapltalistVof .this i city,
died at <i Yumn ; yesterday! on!, his way
from ". the- 5 East.'; He iwas fa > native '{ of; Oer
mftny ahd;Bo ivenfs of iagre/. ".Hamberger
had resided in' this city for,thlrty. years.;
A I daughter, MisSjD.;Hamberger;of this
city,! survives himi :!; \; ' '"V :;5 ;
Woodeu AVare
c^mes '•. after ; you \u25a0 are , ; married ' flve \u25a0> years/.. W«
can >* BUDDIy \u25a0'. you •< at " onte : With ' wood fto burn;
Our i pyrography -, outfits '\u25a0>- are : the : talk ;of ;• the
town, v' Continually.?' ,'Kettlnir ', new \u25a0 designs; ln
wood.' 1 \Vill \u25a0-> be • srlad to \u25a0 show \u25a0; you « how.i- > San
born,: Vail r & Co., 741r Market >*tre«t. *.
~ \u25a0 BLUEFIELD,\-W. Vo-f- July - 7.— Three • more
\u25a0victims i. of -\u25a0 the : explosion -; in '\u25a0\u25a0 the : mine -of i the
.Tidewater 'Coal -, and: Coke | Company ( have' died,'
making ' the t death list five, --v- ";;";
KANSAS LOSES
OIL REFINERY
Supreme Court Decides That
< tlie Xaw; Providing for
Its Erection Is Illegal
OPIMON IS
Judges Hold -That/Legisla
tive Act Is in Violation of
'Constitution of the State
TOPEKA, Kan., July. 7.— The law pass
ed by the Legislature Iftst winter ap
propriating $410,000, t0 build an indepen
dent oil refinery at Peru" was to-day de
clared unconstitutional by the State Su
preme" Court In an opinion ' rendered by
Associated Justice Thompson. ,
The oil. refinery law -1 was considered . one
of; the) most direct blows struck at the
Standard. Oil Company by thelast Leg:s
lature tending to restrict the concern in
.the handling of the Kansas product.
The \u25a0 oil refinery law provided for the
.erection at Peru, also of a branch of the
State ; penitentiary to house .'prisoners,
who,* it was intended, were to work the
oil plant. State Treasurer Kelly and
Warden E. B. Jewett, "whose duty it was
to,lssue the bonds, declined to sign them
In; order toflrst secure a decision on the
'constitutionality •\u25a0 of :-. the 'act. Attorney
General C. : . C' Coleman - filed • mandamus
! proceedings in the State Supreme Court
on- behalf . of the State' to compel those
officers to sign J the honds. : | The opinion
to-day- declaring the act .to be.'illegarand
unconstitutlonal^.was concurred', in by all
of the members of "the ; . Supreme Court.
\u25a0.The courtholds that the construction of
'the refinery and, the branch penitentiary
in connection with < it 'is in" violation of
the State" constitution which declares
.".The State shall- never; be a party In
carrying! on any works of internal Im
provement." , .
"- The:construction and operating of such i
a refinery, it. is held; would be a work ot
Internal^.improvement. ; .
'.The court reviews the discovery of
great quantities • of oil in' the State's
rapid, development; and "the general pub
lic complaint that a particular corpora
tion was unjustly manipulating the mar-
Ket of this product so that the producer
was being deprived of what rightfully be
lqnged; to' him," and : that.-a public de
mand had -been .made, upon the Legisla
ture to enact "laws to protect the pro
ducer. .'The court by Inference criticizes
Governor Hoch for; using a scarecrow
to frighten the oil trust, so-culled, and
for informing the trust that the thing he
has set up is a scarecrow. \u25a0 . • -
"The indictment of the Standard Oil
Company/ says the court, "is no doubt
true and the provocation was very great,
but we must not make a scarecrow of
the-law."
Governor Hoch was greatly disappoint
ed at the decision and said:
"Now that we have started it, I wanted
to go on and tun bur refinery. We would
have secured more than /its cost in the
price of oil in a few months. .'lf I had.
been the Supreme Court • I would haVe
strained a point to have declared the
law constitutional." .
CHANUTE, Kan., July 7.— W. S. Hyde,
president- of the Chanute and Austin Oil
Refinery Company, said of the Supreme
Court decision: .
."This, decision of the court will not In
jure the independent refinery. In fact It
is a benefit owing to \ the removal of
State' competition. "Our success depends
. upon the anti-discrimination law and
on securing fair rates for transportation.
We can fight the Standard just as well
without the State." -
MEXICAN WAR
VETERAN DIES
IN WOODLAND
/WOODLAND, July 7.— Camillus Nel
son, one of the most prominent. of th«*
pioneer settlers of -Yolo County, died
at the residence of his daughter, Mrs.
C. W. Bush, in this city on Thursday
from the effects of injuries recived in a
fall last November. Nelson was born
In Kentucky, und was. B3 years of age.
He came to California in 1849. and had
resided iir Yolo: County for more than
fifty years, jj He was a veteran of the
Mexican War. .He leaves two sons. C.
Q. and W. .W. Nelson, and two daugh
ters, Mrs. C. -W. Bush of thin city and
Mrs. Dwifht Haekett of Oakland. .
EX-SKNATOII SANDKRS DEAD.
One of tin* Foremost Citizen* of Mon
tuna AnWers tlie Last Summons.
HELENA, Mont., July 7.— Wilbur Fi&k
Sanders, one of Montana's most Illus
trious ' citizen*, Civil War veteran
pioneer lawyer, leader of the Vigilantes
and former -United States Senator, died
lijsro to-day, aged ?S years. Ho was a
native of New York, and served. dUiinyr
the Civil War under General Sherman
until incapacitated. He canw to Mon
tana to recuperate and assumed a prom
inent position us prosecutor in the.:-üb
hc triuls of the Vigilantes, which body
restored -law ami i order In the then
hlsruly disorderly gold-country. Ho was
ejected one 01! Montana's first United
States Senators, and afterward became
identitiod with every public movement
in the, State for fortj" years.
CLAIMED BY DEATH.
Prominent Snntu Clara County Woman
Pa*Mea Away. '
SAN JOSE, July 7.— Mrs. Anne E. Mc-
Comas, widow of the late Rush' Mc-
Comas, died this morning "at; her home
nearV'Agnew. . She was a natlyo of
Lotilsville, Ky., und 69 years iof: ape.
Mrs. McCotnns arid her husband came to
California in IS6I and. at once tookup
tholr residence ;in this county." Rush
McComas i or. rnuny years. was. Treasurer
of this county. The deceased^ is sur
vived by the following children : \ ; Mrs.
Cora M. *nurfthiUd,i wif o'of "Attorney D.
W. Butchnrd",of San J Francisco: .Mrs.
Klla Cole of Ant loch, Harriet McComaa
of ;ti^s^clty,-Kllen?McComa« of San
Fran-iiscp and Attorney ,H. W. Mc-
Comas, of this. city.
PaMKins; of % a Pioneer.
SANTA ROSA, 'July 7. — John , Mc-
Clean/one of the' best known, residents
of ; this ;clty, ; died: at his home on B
street this: afternoon after, a long IH
ness.; He, will be' burled at Healdsburg
Professor Nothnagel . Dead.
. VIENNA,;: July Noth
>nagel;>-the-" well? known > clinical - author
ity, died- to-day : of apoplexy. '\u25a0 .
Oolrt \u25a0' iHece* Adorn the „ Potatoes.
CLEVKIiAND,' July J7.-^-A" basket of
potatoes, In each" one 'of which was aJ&
gold piece,! was; presen ted | hereto Q Rev.
Chatles A. sKatbnTof -•the Euclid-avenue
baptist -I Church.' -v; of . which;, John D.
Rockofeller "is -a ; member., Rockefeller
attended^'tliei presentation and is' nald
to ; have* been v the 'donor.'
f.v LONDON.i July 'T.'-— -The? June j statement : of
the i Board : of i Trade • shows Increases i of $ 1.503,-
OUO in- imports and in exports.
wilting
d^ #% ff C These suits sell
$>€•< J regularly for $12
This season's swellest creations in two-piece
outing suits made, up in Scotch tweeds, home-
spuns, flannels and blue serge. Coats double
and single breasted, quarter lined, loose, easy
backs—center and side vents. Peg top pants
fit close at the hips, side buckles and turnup
bottoms. .
Strictly warm weather apparel for business
or pleasure. Designed after the most fashionable
models as pictured in the big magazines.
Certainly a snap at $8.7J for Brown's quality.
Eii3 516-516MARKET Strio^S^
RUSSIAN ENVOYS
AT THE CAPITAL
Baron Eosen Comes to Take
Cassini's Place and Act
for Czar at Peace Session
WASHINGTON, July 7.— Baron Rosen,
who will . succeed Count Cassini as Em
bassador of Russia to the United States
and who came to this country in the
dual role of diplomatic -representative
and one of the Russian envoys to the
peace conference, reached Washington
to-day. He will remain in Washington
for not more than three or four days,
during which time an appointment will
be made for the presentation of his cre
dentials to the President.
The new Embassador has taken tem
porary quarters at the New Willard
Hotel. His first official action was to
call on Count Cassini at the Russian
embassy. He attended a luncheon there,
which was given by the retiring Embas
sador to the membres of the embassy
staff. Later in the day Baron Rosen paid
his^respects to Acting Secretary of State
Pierce, who will communicate with Presi
dent Roosevelt for the purpose of •.fixing
a date for. Baron Rosen's . reception.
When he goes to Oyster Bay, Baron
Rosen, in addition to presenting his own
credentials, will convey Count Cassini's
letter of 'recall. *V;-" \u25a0 .-v;i -
There will be no meeting between Baron
Rosen and Minister Takahira. who is one
of ' Japan's peace commissioners, for the
pr&ent. It Is unlikely that there will be
any communication between them until
the envoys of the two Governments have
been received at Oyster Bay by the Presi
dent. Baron Rosen Is living quietly at
his apartments, having left orders .to-day
that no cards for him were to be re
ceived.
FARMER' AX HEIR TO FORTUXE
OF FIFTY-FIVE. MILLION'S
Thomas O'Keefe o* Xew York State
I.enrnn That Great Wealth Atvalta
Him In Texas.
NEW YORK. July 7. — Thomas
O'Keefe, a Greentown. N. '. V., farmer,
has learned that he Is one of the heirs
to a fortune of $55,000,000. supposed
to have been- left by Dennis O"Keefe,
his cousin, who died some years ago in
Texas. The Information came from a
lawyer in Ireland, who had. been
searching for heirs in the neighborhood
of Kibush.f Ireland, where. Dennis
O'Keefe lived until 1804, when he sailed
for America.
Thoma3 . O'Keefe is about 66 years
old. He has placed his : affairs in the
hands of Douglas Conklin, cashier of
the Bank of Huntlngton."
. .*\u25a0 t - - • • - \u25a0 \u25a0 ' '
Prl«on for .llllwatikep Grafter.
MILW AUK 13K,. July 7. — Michael Dunn.
ex-City Building Inspector and former
Sheriff of Milwaukee County, was to
day sentenced by Judge VlnJe to one
year and six months in State prison.
Dunn was convicted about a year^ago
of accepting- 1. bribe of $1500 while
City Bulldlnt; Inspector from the Pabat
Brewing Company for a. special build
ing: permlt.-
SPECIAL To-Day!
COUCH. COVER.- Closely woven fabric, heavily
i fringed on all four sides, reversible, Oriental designs,
large, assortment of patterns, suitable for *\ P»
couch covers, cozy corners or wherever » 7jC
artistic drape is required. Saturday only, each \ \u25a0
g4S»9GDIinfW CHTMESftUARE
KANSAS OUSTS
GAS COMPANY
Supreme Court of the State
Decides That Concern Has
Xo Eight to Do Business
TOPEKA. July 7.— The State Supreme
Court to-day rendered a decision declar
ing that the Kansas National Gas Com
pany, a Delaware corporation, may not
do business in Kansas. The decision,
which is sweeping in its terms, makes an
outlaw of the company, which it declares
may neither hold property In Kansas nor
operate In any manner within the State.
The company already has spent several
million dollars in laying pipe lines in
Kansas 1 .
The opinion was rendered in the case
of the State of Kansas against the Kan
sas National Gas Company. When the
company applied to the Kansas charter
board for permission to do business in
this Stater the board denied tie. appli
cation. ; However, the. company* > went
ahead laying its pipes and contracting to
deliver, gas to many cities. To date the
company, has expended millions ot dol
lars laying pipe lines from the southern
Kansas fields to the Missiouri line and
to a dozen or more cities /bt Northern
Kansas.
After the charter board had acted, the
Attorney General, In the name of the
State, brought this proceeding in quo
warranto against the company, asking
that It be required to show its authority
for doing business in Kansas and IX un
able to do so It be ousted from the
State. The company answered, setting
fSrth its application to the charter board
and alleging that it had done all things
required by the statute and asking that
the charter board be ordered to grant
the license. A demurrer to this answer
was filed. The court sustained the de
murrer and entered a judgment against
the gas company.
The barred company' owns a majority
of the producing gas wells . in Kansas
and is capitalized at $10,000,000. It has
spent six months in constructing: the pipe
line from Montgomery County to Kansas
City. The company was just on tho
point of piping gas into Kansas City,
Kansas, Lawrence. Topeka. Ottawa and
many other . Kansas towns, but under
the terms of the decision it must . cease
all work in Kansas.
The court goes far enough to intimate
that the company has exhausted its re
sources at law and says that it cannot
come Into court and ask for a manda
tory order to compel the State charter
board to grant it a license. r*-.";r *-." ;
DEXY ATTF.3I*T WAS .MADE-:
TO AVUECK THE OVERL.IS I>
Union l'aelfir Official*, Ho«rtvn« Admit
Iron Bar \Vn« Fount! on Halls
In \V j uml ng. v - .
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. July «.— The re
port from Larumie of an attempt to
wreck the overland limited cannot be
confirmed here. Union Pnciflc officials
deny absolutely that an attempt ' was
made, but admit' that the train wa*
stopped because an iron bar ; was lyinsf
across the rails.SAN FRANCISCO'S GOOD PEOPLE PAY HOMAGE TO MEMBERS
OF THE TAFT PARTY AT BRILLIANT EVENING AFFAIR
Society Folk Greet. Visitors at
the Martin Reception.
MEET PRESIDENT'S , DAUGHTER
Receives With Pleasing Grace
Honors Showered on Her.
AFFAIR A GRAND SPECTACLE
Continued Front Paisre 1, Column 7.
And may the best fellow win In the con
test for the smile of Miss Alice— and her
hand, when she's ready.
Over 600 Guests
Are Bidden to
the Reception
Those who assisted Mrs. -Martin in
receiving last night were the follow
ing:
Mlei Roosevelt. Vr&6hinstoa, D. C.
Miss BoarJrr.an, Washington, D. C.
Miss McMillan, Washington. D. C.
Mrs. A. \V. Foster, San Francisco.
Mrs. Scott, wife ot Senator N. B. Bcott of
West Virginia.
Mrs. Dubol*. wife of Senator F. T. Dobois.
Idaho.
Mrs. Payne, wife of Representative S. E.
Payne, Xew York.
•Mrs. ' Morrow, wife of United States Circuit
Judge W. W. Morrow, San Francisco.
Mrs. Sumner, wife of General Sumner, San.
FrancUco.
Mre. MeCalla, wife of Admiral McCa.Ua,
)£are Island.
Mrs. Roosevelt. wif« of Captain H. £..
Roosevelt. U. 6. M. C. Washington, D. C.
Mies Dolph, daughter of Cyrus Dolph, Port
land. Or t run.
Mrs? Downey Harvey, San Francisco.
Mrs. Walter E. Martin, San Francisco.
Baroness yon Schroeder, San Francisco.
The following were the invited
guests at Mrs. Martin's reception to
the Taft party:
Governor and Mrs. George C. Pardee.
Lieutenant Governor Alden Anderson.
Senator and Mrs. George C. Perkins.
Miss Perkins.
Milton Perkins.
Paymaster Frederick Perkins.
• Chief Justice W. H. Beatty.
Judce and Mre. W. W. Morrow.
Jurtice and Mrs. F. M. Anrellottl.
Justice and Mrs. F. W. Hensbaw.
Justice and Mrs. T. B. McFarland.
Justice Walter Van Dyke.
Justice snd Mrs. Lucien Shaw.
Justice W. G. Lorican.
Judfe Jarv.es V. Coffey.
Judte and Mrs. James A. Cooper.
Judffe S. P. Hall.
Judge V.*. A. Gray.
Judtre M. T. Allen.
Judge Georse H. Smith.
Judte N. P. Chiuman.
Judge C. E. McLaiiKhlln.
Judge A. J. Buckle*.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Ecatty.
Judse and Mrs. Finn.
Judge end Mre. James A. Troutt.
Judge and Mrs. John Hunt.
CaptEtn end Mrs. William Hopkins.
James Mclntosh Wood.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Walter Goode.
. Judpe and Mrs. John D. BicknelL
Judc« and Mrs. Charles Monroe.
Judce and Mrs. Gibson.
Jud^e Staxrell.
Judge and Mrs. J. J. de Haven.
Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Deady.
Secretary and Mrs. Victor Metctlf.
General and Mrs. Charles Kin*.
Th«> Missee King.
Cofon*/ Maho C ney an<! M * aley SlmoM -
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Nixon.
Mr. syid Mrs. John G. Moesln.
Mr. end Mrs. Geoix« Denis.
Mr. and Mrs. Trask.
• Mr. and Mrs. J. p. Lankershlm.
Acjutant General Lauck
Commander and Mrs. A. F. Fechteler
Captain and Mrs. H. L. RooseveU.
pJSSS?** 1 *;? d Mrs - McKlnlay.
President and Mre. David Starr Jordan
&c i 5U Ir c-alvVn" E ' C^ rta ' ' •
Judce and Mre. W. B. Gilbert.
Arc^iEhop P. w. Riordan.
R- hb FaSer G^o r f«e MOatgomery -
Rev. Father Frieden. B. J.
Mrs. C. O. Alexander.
&c "
Miss Ames.
Mr. and Mrs. Worthlngton Ames.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank B. Anderson.
James F. J. Archibald. *
Raymond E. Armsby.
Mr. and Mrs. Gaston Ache.
Mr. and Mrs. Porter Ashe.
Mr. And Mrs. William L. Ashe.
Mrs. Ashburner.
Miss Olga Atherton.
Mr. Anderson.
Mr. end Mrs. H. Babcock.
Mr. and Mrs. William Babcock.
JohnS SU 1 ™- John F - •
Dr. and Mrs. C. P. Bare-
Mre. L. L. Baker.
Phi I ip JJ I. I BSer Wakefleldßaker;
Lloyd Baldwin.
Mr. and Mrs. Hancock Banning. ,
Captain and Mrs. William Bannln*'
Tnomas J. Barbour. \u25a0 Tr \u25a0. :• V
Mrs. M. L. Barreda.
Miss Rosa Barreda.
Everett NyN v Bee.
Captain and Mrs. Bent.
Thomas C. Berry.
Mr. and Mrs. George C. Boardnnn.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Boardman.
Mr. and Mrs. T. Danforth Boardman.
Mr.. and Mrs. George C. Boardman Jr
Leon Bocqueraz.
Mr. and Mre. Borcl.
The Misses Bcrel.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Bobet.
Mrs. William B. Bourn.
Miss Bourn.
Mr. end Mrs. "Williem Bourn.
Miss Maud Bourn.
Allen St. John Bowie.
Miss Helen Bowie.
Harry P. Bowie.
Mr. and Mrs. P. E. Bowles.
Mr. end Mrs. George Boyd.
Mr. end Mrs. John F. Boyd.
Mrs. Thomas Breeze.
Miss Breeze. .
Thomas H. Breeze.
Mr. and Mrs. Jules Brett.
Captain and Mrs. Brfce.
Mrs. Brig ham.
Miss Brigham.
Mrs. Reginald Brooke. .
Dr. and Mrs. Barkan.
Miss Helen I. Bailey.
Mr. and Mrs. Truxtua Beaie. ,'
Mrs. George W. Beaver.
The llltw-f Beaver.
Consul anS Mrs. Courtenay Bennett.
Mrs. Benson.
Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Beytard. . .
William Berg.
General James Blddle.
Thomas Blnny. rtajßJSS*
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas B. Bishop.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas P. Bishop.
Mr. and Mrs. James Bishop.
Mrs. Samuel Blair.
Miss Blair.
Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Blanding. ~ ,
illss Blanding.
Miss Adelaide H. Brown.
Dr. end Mrs. E. E. Brownell.
Mr. and Mrs. John M. Burnett,
Dr. C F. Buckley.
The Misses Buckley.
Brigadier General and Mrs. Geo. H. Burton.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry A. Butters.
Miss Butters.
5. W. Byrne. -
Mies Agnes Burgln. -
Mr. and Mrs. H. C Breedon.
Richard Burke.' *
William Burke. ?, '. ..
Dr. and Mrs. Philip King Brown. -:
Colonel Fred Bui gin. . \u25a0 *. .
Luther Borbank. - .
Franz Bopp.
Captain and Mrs. BurwelL
Miss BurwelL 1 -
Mr. and Mrs. James Carolan. >
Miss Carolan. • \u25a0 x ••„- \
lir. and Mrs. Frank Carolan.
Mn. R. T. Carroll.
Mies Carroll.
Miss Cadwallader.
George L. Cadwallader.
Bertram Cadwallader.
Mrs. Teresa Casserly.
Miss Casserly.
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Casserly.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Chesebrough.
Miss Chesebrouzh.
A. Chesebrouch.
Mrs. Emeline Childs.
Mr. and Mrs. O. W. Child*.
Miss Hortense Chllds.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Clark.
Dr. and Mrs. John Clark.
Mr. and Mrs. Warren Clark.
Mies Colburn.
Captain and Mrs. W. B. Collier.
The Misses Collier.
The Misses Coieman.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Coieman.
Mrs. E. B. Coieman.
James V. Coieman.
Frederick H. Coon.
Miss Ethel Cooi«r.
Oscar F. Cooi>er.
Mrs. Cole.
The Misses Cole.
Bruce Cornwall.
General and Mrs. Coolidge.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Covede.
Mr. and Mrs. H. T. Creswell.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Martin L. Crimmins.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Crocker.
Mr. and Mrs. William Crocxer.
Mrs. J. B. Crockett.
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Cushing.
Mrs. B. B. Cutter.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur V. Callahan.
Mrs. Dan Callahan.
The Misses Callahan.
Mr. and Mrs. Wilfred B. Chapman.
Mr. and Mrs. Horace B. Chase.
An;elo Oomte. -*
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Connell.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Chanslor.
Mrs. E. L. Campbell.
Mr. and Mrs. Xorris Davis.
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Davis.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter L. Dean.
Mrs. Dietrick.
The Misses de Guigne.
C. de Gui^ne.
Miss Ethel Dean.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Deering.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Dibblee.
Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin "Dibblee.
MUs Dibblee.
Mr. and . Mra E. R» Dlmond.
Mrs. H. L. Dodjre.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Donohoe.
Mrs. Emily Donohoe.
" Edward Donohoe.
Mrs. J. N. Dolsh.
Chester V. Dolph.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Dolph.
Miss Hazel Dolph.
Mr. and Mrs. John T. Doyle.
John J. Doyle.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Drysdale.
Mr. and Mrs. Willard Drown.
Miss Helen Dean.
J. M. Driscoll.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas A. Driscoll..
Edward A. Davis.
Mr. ar.J Mrs. M. H. de Young.
Miss de Vounr.
Mies Constance de Young.
Eurene de Coulon.
Dr. de Marville.
Mr. and Mrs. William Denman.
\u25a0 Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Dlxon.
General and Mrs. N. E. Doucherty.
Mr. and Mrs. James C. Drake.
John S. Drum.
Prank Drum.
Miss Due tan.
Mr. and Mrs. William Dlngee.
Major and Mrs. John Darling.
Arthur G. Duncan.
James Donahue.
Mrs. Arnold Guyot Dana.
Mr. and Mrs. Pitts Duffleld.
Dr. and Mrs. L. L. Dunbar.
Major and Mrs. C. A. Devol.
Mr. and Mrs. Ansel M. Easton.
Mrs. Easton.
Mr. and Mrs. D. W. Earl.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Eastl&nd.
Charles P. Eells.
Miss Eells.
Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Ellicott.
Judge and Mrs. O. P. Evans.
Perry Evans.
Mies Eyre.
Colonel and Mrs. Edward Eyre.
Mr. and Mrs. Perry Eyre.
R. M. Eyre.
Major and Mrs. Guy I*. Edle.
Miss Fillmore.
Mr. and Mrs. James I* Flood.
Miss Flood.
E. Courtney Ford.
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Ford.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Foster.
Miss Foster.
Miss Anna Foster.
A. W. Foster Jr.
W. S. A. Foster.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Folger.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. "Follls.
Clarence Foil is.
Mrs. F. A. Frank.
Mrs. J. D. Fry.
Hon. Charles N. Felton.
Charles N. Felton Jr.
Mr. and Mrs. George R. Field.
Christian Froellch.
General and Mrs. Funston.
Aides de camp to General Funston.
Enrique Grau.
Mr. snd Mrs. Robert T. Greer.
Frederick A. Greenwood. .
Mr. and Mrs. Francis Grace.
Count Crimani.
Captain A. A. Glnthe and officers of Rus
sian cruiser Lena.
General and Mrs. William H. Graham.
Miss Graham.
E. M. Green way.
Mrs. Horace L. Green.
Mrs. Gale.
Judge and Mrs. Garber.
Mr. and Mrs. R. D. Glrvln.
Mrs. George Gibbs.
The Misses Gibbons.
Rear Admiral and Mrs. Goodrlco.
Ensign Casper Goodrich.
. Miss Goodrich.
Mr. and Mra. Edward A. Goodrich.- -
Mrs. Adam Grant.
, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph D. Grant.
I Mr. Grimwood* \u25a0
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Green.
\u25a0 Mr. and Mrs. . Frank Griffin.
\u25a0 Mr. and Mrs. J. OB. Gunn.
Miss Gunn. -
Dr. and Mrs. Alexander Garceau. -
Admiral and Mrs. Glass.
Frank W.-Goad.
Mrs. C. W. Godey. .
General and Mrs. David S. Gordon.
Mrs. Robert Hayne.
Mr. and Mrs. William A. Hayne.
Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Hart. -
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Harvey.
Miss Harvey.
-Miss Genevleve Harvey.
Judge and Mrs. Harrison.
Richard C. Harrison.
The Misses Haeer.
Mrs. Phoebe Heartt.
Mr. and Mrs. Herrln.
The I Misses Herrin.
Mr. and Mrs.. Barclay Henley.
Miss Henley. .
Barclay Henley Jr.
The Misses Heath.
Mr. and -Mrs. Dlxwell Hewitt. :
Mr. and Mrs.' Frank Hicks.
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Hill. >|£Sgqajg|?|ii
Mrs. Sherwood Hopkins.
, • Mr. and . Mrs. E. W. \u25a0 Hopkins. ;
Mr. and ' Mrs. Timothy Hopkins.
Mr. and Mrs. Hoffman.
Miss Alice Hoffman.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Hobart. •,
Mr. snd Mrs. George Howard. •" •
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. P. Howard.
Miss Frances Howard.
Mr. and Mrs. Paxton Howard.
Mr. end Mrs. Edward ,W. .Howard.
Karl Howard.
Charles Webb Howard.
Mr. and Mrs. . Robert . G. Hooker.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hooker. "
Mr. end Mrs. Osgood Hooker.
Miss Hooker.
Miss Houghton.
Mrs. George F. Hooper. • .
Mr. and Mrs. f>. Holladay. .
Mr. and Mr?. E.B. Holladay..'*.
Mrs. Snaftcr Howard. . .';
Miss ; Alice Howard. •
. Mr. - and , Mrs.^ Huntlngtoa. .
The . Misses Huntlngton. \u2666- ' . '\u25a0\u25a0-
. Mrs. 1 Hyde . Smith. ;
The Misses Smith.
Continued 'on Pnge 4, s Colnma l.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; ' i SATURDAY^ JULY S, 1905.
SCENE AT MRS. ELEANOR MARTIN 'S RECEPTION— MISS ROOSEVELT M
WAR SECRETARY SPEAKS AT BERKELEY
Continued from Page 1, Column 6.
other words the leisure class, for lack of
a better term, in the next generation, the
leisure class of educated men Is bound to
be much larger in proportion \to the
general population than in the present;
that is, it is bound to be so unless the
sons of the fathers of to-day will inherit
with their capacity for making money
their intense desire to make it.
• "Now, I hope that they will not do so.
I have no fear but that there may re
main in this country a sufficient desire
to acquire wealth to keep the wheels, of
industry going; but "It seems to me ot
the utmost importance to this nation
that there should be a large c.'ass of men
able to live on accumulated capital of
previous generations who do not regard
the chase of the dollar as the highest
aim in life and who do regard the wel
fare of the public as their particular
interest.
"Therefore it is that such an institution
as this that is pouring out year after
year young men of education and of high
ideals, who doubtless will be able after a
few, years to give their entire time to the
benefit of their fellows, becomes such an
important element in the saving and
safety of this' country.
Brakes Must Be Set.
"We have tendencies in this country
that If allowed to rule will carry us over
the precipice to destruction, and we must
look about to see what are the \u25a0: brakes
that will be put on. It is not enough of
a justification for a man to ' give up a
life ot usefulness to the public that he
may earn a little more money for his
children, provided the position that he oc
cupies is one in which he may give. them
an education and then turn them out
upon the world to * earn • that which they
will have a great motive for earning— their
own livelihood and their, own future. The
truth is, and I know there is many a
father that believes it, ; the truth is that
to-day the heaviest burden that a father
can leave to a* son beyond an education
is a , fortune which shall enable, him to
live In luxury, unless that | fortune is ac
companied with a teaching and j implant
ing in the young man. of : a .sense; of re
sponsibility to the public and his \ fellow \
men, of devoting his life industriously to
their welfare. ; V "
"The wealthy young men of the country
have not had fair treatment. It is those
of us that when we got : our education
had to hustle beyond that, who \u25a0 had the
great advantage in: life;; "because .the
necessity ; is a r spur . that', overcomes all
temptation to luxury and laziness; and. in
looking forward with I the hope that | there
may be hereafter such a 'class 'of \ young
men as I have described I am not blind to
the obstacle to that hope, I am not blind
to the difficulty that there j may, be in the
creation of such a class in the disposition
of every man when ,he has enough -to
make; himself _ easy; and , pleasant ito con
tinue In. easy and pleasant : ways. ;/'; ,
Must Teach People.
'.Xadies and gentlemen, when I last had
the \ opportunity ;. of =; addressing you we
were" about *to the :' great I task
of establishing a Government in the Phil-
Ipptae; Islands.;- We) have i done ; so.^.What
the defects ;of;that:Government i are J I ; do
not this afternoon propose to discuss. : No
one', can be more '\u25a0 conscious- of 'J the : : de
ficiencies^ that : do , exist ; there "[ than I those
that have^had.to do with Its construction
and maintenance; but I beg to remind you
that ,the principle .upon'i which that Gov
ernment has , been | established,;: even : ; if
at times the . principle^ has ; been! Ignored
or *. violated,' is 3 the ; principle \ upon \ which 1
In ; past ; history ..-^no ; other ; or* de-"
pendent Government has been established,*
and that is, the obligation of the mother
country, the country assuming to estab
lish the Government, of teaching the
people over whom It put a Government
how to govern themselves.
; "That proposition depends upon the pos
tulate that the people are not now able to
govern themselves. A good many, of us
have had experience and believe con
scientiously "that they are to-day entirely
unlit to govern themselves and will be for
one or two or .perhaps three generations.
That being the case, then It Is our duty
to tell. them so and have them understand
that during that time the question will
be not what kind of a government they
will have after they become independent
but what kind of a government they have
under' the, American sovereignty., "
"Now, we have had the disadvantage,
it may be a disadvantage, of differing
with our fellows as to the question
whether we \ were right first in establish
ing their unfitness to govern themselves,
and second, taking that and attempting
to govern them. We have gone so far
along now in the. problem that I venture
the prediction that no American adminis
tration, 'Republican or Democratic,' will
venture to depart from that principle, and
I say this for .the benefit of my young
Filipino friends who are r here, because
it is. well they should, learn the truth.
Will Maintain Riile.
"It is well they should have the cold
facts, and taklne the cold; facts, that
they, should go on helping their, own peo
ple and helping their government In a di
rection which; will be helpful instead of
writing disquisitions on the subject of ab
stract liberty ;; which never, helped any
body unless it \u25a0is liberty regulated .by law
and llbertypractically furnished to every
one." . ':;-': ; :, ; :. .. ; ;':.:\u25a0./'.-\u25a0-"\u25a0: ,; ; ,\\- -
""You can strike off a French consti
tution In a . day. - ' It ", takes |a ' thousand
years to b uild up a British constitution,
an Anglo-Saxon frame of llberty-^-civll,
practical liberty— -liberty.; in which ev
ery man stands for himself and asserts
his,, rights and i does not depend ; , upon
the assertion,. upon the- goodness ; or
beneficence of. some \ one else. V, That , is
the difference" between Anglo-Saxon lib
erty and ~ the liberty, that was Venjoyed
theoretically, under the'clvilian govern-,
ments. The writ ! of; habeas corpus, by
which' a j man ; can . insist \ upon \u25a0 and \u25a0 have
a court look into \ the ' question .; of f ' his
legalor illegal detention," was an Anglo-
Saxon instruments for i working^ out the
question lof \ liberty^ of -body? Why/ in
the) Spanish [days they had the'declara
tion In .all -their ; laws that no- * man
should be J illegally /detained ; ; ; but >;it
operated on the mind of 'the \u25a0 Judge and
on ', the \u25a0 mind ; and \ soul of .the* jailer,' and
if , their x mind3[tlnd : souls \u0084were' a" little
neglectful the: victim "tibntinued; in "'Jail."
Now, f if . you ; will vnotlce . in .the" : char-:
ters of? : liberty, as we call them In Eng-"
lish' history,^ in -Magna Charta; 2ln'2 In' - the
Petition of Rights of :i62?:and in the
Bill : of i Rights ;of JI6BS : there X is f hot \ a
single in: all those 'charters
of an i abstract : right.
tion = contained*. 'nlthose'charters.! refers
to prlriciplos "of adjectives and not;sub
stan tlve la w ; : refers to instruments ; re
f ers ito I procedure, j. and : not : to i general
principles." . ; .
haw Prmctples](Newj
"Now, you read a ; French constitution
and* you; find' it[isa'declaration:of : : prin
ciples;; you*; read ? the \u25a0 British^ c'qnstitu -*
tion,"! you I read? thelUnited? states fcbnstl
tution.f and i what do j you \ find ?: You ; find
that!it is not,a cleclaratloh'of principles/
l»)it-arde"clarat!on|ofv procedure, .which
the' citizen ; niay f avail? I himself > of f and
;whieh< the ?-;Goy ernment £ cannot 7% take
away from him. Now that Illustrates
thp dlfforonce between the two civiliza
tions. The Anglo-Saxon was practical
in giving to the individual the right
himself to assert his liberty and ob
tain.lt. The Civilian Code, on the con
trary, operated on the Government, and
If the Government failed then the cit
izen was without a remedy.
. "Now, a people who have constantly
been hrought.up under a regime like
that of the Spanish, .in which the' Go
vernment is everything, in which the
machinery of the Government was not
for the -use of the individual, but for
the Government, cannot learn civil lib
erty in .a single generation. You can
declare and you can furnish the instru
ments, for civil liberty, but unless a
man knows that he has the right to
use them, that civil liberty is as if it
did not exist.
"When you take six millions of peo
ple who speak ten or eleven different
dialects, not more than ten per cent of
whom- speak any modern language, it
is not to be expected that they can
takein.in a year or two years or three
ye.ars, indeeilj that they can take in In
any other way than through their edu
catedchildren,. knowledge of what civil
liberty Is rind of the
that it Imposes upon .them on the one
hand and of the. means by »whlch It Is
to be asserted on the other. That being
the case with respect "to our Filipino
friends, what Is our duty? It is first
to have. them understand that the Gov
ernment of the United States In those
Islands is supreme and will be supreme
Indefinitely; .while we work out - the
problem,' which we recognize as our
obligation .to work out, in teaching
them to govern themselves.
Are Eager Students.
"Now the first step recognized by
everybody is the step of . their educa
tion, and I rejoice to say that the great
foundation: for our hope that they may
be ' made a self-governing people is the
avidity with' which the ignorant
fathers and mothers and the. little chil
dren^ themselves seek the; opportunity
to learn the -English language j and ; the
primary: education which 'Is no w \u25a0 being
furnished them in the islands.' \u25a0 Some of
our,. critics -^havev said, that we .were
forcing \ that : education down " thoir
throats.; Now that is not-true, first,
because ; we*" have no compulsory edu
cation ; law In, the I Islands . an 1. second/
because .we ; could not have a compul
sory- education law' until we bad
schools enough in which to - house the
children. ,'^We T ; have % not . -,: schools
enough to : house "more i than fa', third
of .the V children "t of • school age, hard
ly Y^that,* '; but V ' nevertheless . the - num
ber/of children -in the; schools has
increased, it \ being? the >J first ' year
100,000, -the! next Jyear 200,000, the third
year^sa.OOO.'the next ; year, 362,ooo; .that
,was jat ;" the* beginning ?of 'the '.] school
year, s and now at r thel end : of this- school
year - there ; are ; 521,000 -. enrolled.* speak
ing.Yreading'and'writing! English.: '
Wt "They i are'- a^ Chri stlan \u25a0'}. people.";. The
Spaniards,' whom ; ,we \u25a0 are ' prone ; to criti-*
cize.Vdid ; something^whichi neither" the
English-- nor Ithe" Dutch ;hor: the
have ? done. , "* They ; made ; .*: 6.ooo,ooo .of
Malays ':% They \u25a0' made .them
Christians 'in : 250. yeara'and" surrounded
them* with
treated ; them; k lt \ is;: true, s as ,? children.'
They,; kept ithem^ in : a; kind \u25a0' of iChristian
tutelage.'^ but 'j theyi nevertheless J made
the i material ;Out of which: it is possible
for'i us fito s make ;5 self-respecting . ': and
self-governing) citizens." : "L." L . \\ :y :; ;.»..-;-'
\u25a0 "Allen :v Ireland,* Mr. •" Calhoun, Mr.
Foreman i cannot ,; say J too : much. : about
the lack of wisdom that we have ex
hibited in attempting to educate these
people and they are constantly refer
ring to the success that their people
have made in English colonies. I do
not wish to detract from that at all.
The success that they have made in
many respects is phenomenal, but they
utterly lack, they utterly losei the
point of what -..we are trying to do in
the Philippine Islands. They are at
tempting to build up a government
arbitrary but beneficial, to continue
permanently in that form which shall
do good to the people, but which shall
retain them in their present state of
illiteracy, in their, present state of ab
solute ignorance of how to govern
themselves, but which shall favor trade
for them and trade for. England or
France or Holland, as the case may be.
"We, on the other hand, having been
forced into the situation in which we
find ourselves, having these people on
our hands as wards, are attempting
now, because we believe that a popular
self-government in the end is the best
Government, to. teach these people how
to conduct a popular self-government,
and we find, as I say, this material
which the Englishmen and the Dutch
men have not found, to wit-^-a body of
Malay Christians/who being Christians
have Christian Ideals and look therefore
to Europe and America for their high
est ideals.' That make 3 the difference
between the problem which we are at
tempting to solve and that which the
Englishmen and the "Dutchmen have
solved In a very commendable way, I
agree, in the East Indies. - 4
"Now, ladles and gentlemen, you must
excuse me for going into the question
of the Philippines because 1 1 have not
much else to talk about. This. is the
second speech within twenty-four hours
that- the hospitality of California has
evoked from ; me. and It is beyond my
capacity to make a different^speech
every twelve hours. We are going, a
band of gentlemen earnestly Interested
in the welfare of the Philippine Islands.
Trip Will Do Good.
"I consider It a great triumph that we
have been able to enlist the Interest ana
the ; sympathy of seven distinguished
United States Senators and twenty-three
Representatives of the House of Repre
sentatives of the United States, who havo
been at a very considerable cost
to each ; person and also at a very con
siderable cost 3of time to devote : a hun
dred, days to going out Into those Islands
In a season when we must ! expect storm
and rain. , In order, that they * may know
the facts concerning them. I think It -Is
an exceptional Instance of the degree of
self-sacrlflce to which our legislators
and those who are responsible to us for
government ' are willing to make, "* - '-\u25a0•" * :
\u25a0[•Now, we ; do not agree in . this delega
tion on many political points, and It la
quite possible that .we .shall disagree In
respect to many points ; in : the Philippines.
The gentlemen have been invited without
regard to their political creed'or "previous
condition *of \u25a0 servitude.*. .There is i every
evidence • that swe are going ; to get along
harmoniously, however ; : much , .we ' dis
agree. ;VWe 'know that we must all stand
together ; In -order; that -. we ] shall enjoy
this" trip or .we may 'all hang separately/.
I ; think ; that , the ; trip Is " a unique one ; : in
the i history; of the country," and of course
we TcaH\tell . a h little better, about its use
fulness after we return;, but certainly
the x spirit " in .which "\ it : has been Degun
gives ' every * evidence . that when we do
return .we "shall find In" Congress,' of which
this ywiU \be leaven,' a . quickening In
terest >: as those Awards ,of ours «.ten
thousand miles; away from here," and 'that
we * shall all \ approach 1 the question '• from
a practical standpoint of a desire to do
the best for those people.
"It gives me great pleasure to express
the sense of hospitality that all my com
panions and myself feel toward you. the
kindly people of California, for your ex
pressions of good will and for the com
pliment . which you do us in coming here
in such unusual weather to hear a desul
tory talk. I thank you.*'
Short speeches were also made by
Representative DeArmond of Missouri
and Representative Sereno E. Payne of
New York.
Will Leave on
the Manchuria
This Afternoon
Secretary Taft and party, including
Miss Roosevelt, will sail for the Orient
and the .fQilippines on the Manchuria
which will leave the Pacific Mall dock
promptly at 1 o'clock to-day. They are
to receive an elaborate send-off from
the army, navy, political and social con
tingent here.
All members of the party have ex
pressed themselves as . delighted with
their stay in San Francisco, notwith
standing the unusual hot weather. The
party is now complete and numbers 103
persons.
Secretary Taft's immediate party will
be gone nearly three months and will re
turn home by way of San Francisco.
SWEDEN'S FKONTIEK
CLOSELY GUARDED
Precautionary Pleasures Be
ing Taken Because of •
Norway's Attitude.
STOCKHOLM. July 7.— There is high
military authority for the statement
that Sweden is taking precautionary
measures on the frontier to offset the
reported threatening attitude of Nor
way..
.The Swedish treasury to-day borrowed
$6,500,000 to pay extraordinary expendi
tures. It is rumored that two high Nor
wegian officers have been arrested at
Christianla because they refused to for
swear allegiance to King Oscar. The
rumor, however, has not been confirmed.
Prominent merchants confirm a report
that • capitalists are withdrawing their
funds from Norwegian banks.
J. J. HIX.L SAID TOPLAS .
A 810 RAILROAD MKRGER
Reported That He Propose* to Amalga
mate Grand Trunk, Canadian .North- ;
era and Great .Vorthern.
-OTTAWA, 'Ontario, July 7.— A, Win
nipeg dispatch says there is a rumor
to the effect that a" big ' schfeme* 1 Is be
ing engineered by James J. Hill to
amalgamate 'the Grand Trunk Pacific. <
the Canadian \u25a0 Northern and the Great
Northern < Railroad systems. .It is said
that the scheme includes the Incorpora
tion of the ; Intercolonial., thus making
possible the ; operation -of two trans
continental lines, utilizing all the roads
mentioned • and the \u25a0- proposed extension '
of Hill's road in British Colombia.
34
Distinguisfied Visitors fleet .
: &an Francisco Society FoX ;
at Mrs. Martin's Reception
Continued From Pnce 3, Column 2.
Francis J. 11-.ncy.
ill. and Mis. Joseph Hooper,
iir. uuu aiis. Jaiii<--» llalculrn Henry.
Air. and Mrs. 1. U. HcJiroan.
bu*. iiiiea lit usiey.
l.ifiMriiant J*nta A. lii«£lns.
Air. iiuu Jti*. 11. M. iiuikrook.
•Mis* Ann- v. Honey*
U. is. Havt.
Air. «\u M»*. Ui:iiam F. Iluie.
i*r. unu Kftrc A. U. llaiumuiid.
auo airs. VV. li. Harrinstuii.
Sxr. ana tint. Charles Huttmnn.
jilts Wvllovi-U.
Mrt. li. lvts.
iir. HU-J MiJi. William G. Irwin.
Mr&. Jackson.
Llt. a.-ivi ->h.-. Jossilyo.
'i.uv taunt juiliSe.
."i.t>. joiui Jvtuta.
Aliv. JaitHH;.
tcaaiui jnu Mrs. John P. Jone*.
Caiman mtiU ah a. Jervy.
liti.ry A. JiTciuc
in: unu 41r». Iraak Juhrison.
LMVtMOt l-i ilctldt *•• JuiiJ»*U(n.
W, J. JoUlleloli.
J^><.uU!Uilil uuJ y.i c. Ktnii.ilT.
AJiCa X. i^HTt*-.
«.. O-ul »'aui Avo^a-kcvitch.
.I.^.. 1 .^. ,i Jii*. C ."• Kr^uthoff.
•\u25a0C auu All c. iv.iKi*»i.ni-K.
vi. mm >iii>. J-uici \%. Keeney.
iu.r. win aij». AJei-dOOer **.*)<&.
|UU .\l±lvn ive>cs.
I«T. uuu Air». oxiL-rslcd.
Him a.:i».
.. ji \u0084.. 1m iviuii Jr.
i«i>> L. hut'
*nr. v..v lluaer S.. KlnK.
'nu Uiiß» KiWC
i tauk b, bins'
.**:!\u25a0. .M. A. jv.u'.e.
.-.\u25a0:.:. i ;..-;.ui ivllue.
Ml*. A.. 1-. Kiltie.
"Jai-fc. v% iaiuiii a. ivittle.
Air. aim Mia. caiuuel Knicht.
£ulb. ivi J:l.
toiim Kuiu.
Air. m.v Airs. C. Frederick Kohl.
IfCpfCMttKtivc and Mrs. Julius Kahn.
iOX. anu Mrs. Ucorue A. Kliislil
Mr. auj M«. William 1. Kip.
Mr. and 41r:;. Je^Se L:lientha.l.
Mr. and tore. I. S. Luieatbai.
...:c U. L. l^ansiiuc.
ktn. AIIHOU i^l..;il;:.
M. S-:. Latham.
Mist i-ci.ii 1-j.riders".
iir. ana Mr*. Ueurse Lent.
Jur. iina ilre. rJujjcne Lent.
Mr. and Mr*. LatiKhurne.
Mr. unu juis. i harks I^alhrop.
Miss Laihrop.
frormu i>. ijvermore.
Mrs. Jeron:€ Uncoln.
Mi.-s 1.:r... .1n.
Mr. ..:.- Mn>. Alexander Lillle.
Mrs. i-fUfe'iiborcuEh.
jn>> Luuehbori.UKh.
Mrs. t'redtrick C Low.
Mi.-.- Low.
tt;«.r.:* Lanel.
Juhn Lawson.
Mrs. 1'hil:;. Van Home Lansdale.
Q. li. Lukens.
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Lester.
Colonel and Mrs. James Lockett.
General and Mrs. O*car F. Long.
Mrs. Lor.p street.
Mrs. Seymcur Locke.
Vr. Annie Lyle.
Lucius Allen Lewis.
Mlzner.
"i-Ggar Mizner.
Mr. and Mrs. Randolph Miner.
Mr. and Mrs. Percy T. Morgan.
Mr. and Mrs. Ccsmos G. Monrai
Dr. and Mrs. John A. Murtagh.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles F. Mullina.
Miss Mullaii.
Mr. end Mrs. Peter D. Martin.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter S. Martin.
Miss Saiiv Mavnard.
Mr. and Mre. Thomas Magee.
Mr. and Mrs. Garret W. McEneraey.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. Mclntceh.
Mrs. McKinstry.
The Miiscs McKinstrj'-
Clarence McKinstry.
Mr and Mrs. Norman McLaren.
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. McCutcben.
Dr. and Mrs. McNutU - . -
Miss McXutt.
Mr. and Mrs. George McNear.
Mr. and Mrs. George McNear Jr..
Mr. and Mrs. Fred McNear.
Dr. and Mrs. MacMonaeie.
Mr. and Mrs. Latham McMullin.
Mr. and Mr*. John T. Merrill.
Mr. and Mrs. MUla.
The Misses Millis.
Mr. and Mrs. H. M. A. Miller.
Miss Morcan.
Mrs. J. L. Mattel.
Colonel and Mrs. C. Morris.
Knox Maddox.
Mrs. Camtilo Martin.
Mr. and Mrs. Athertcn Macondray.
Mrs. Andrew McCreery.
Major General and Mrs. Mac Arthur.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Arthur Mac Arthur Jr.
Lieutenant Douglas Mac Arthur.
Athole Mcßean.
Mr. and Mrs. Mcßean.
Mr. and Mrs. E. O. McCormick.
Admiral and Mm. McCalla.
The MlF*es McCalla.
Judge and Mrs. McKenna,
The Misses McKenna.
Captain and Mrs. McKittr'c.k.
Mr. and Mrs. William H. Morrow.
Mrs. Morrison.
Dr. and Mn. Mcffitt.
Mr. and Mrs. J. K. Moffltt.
Miss Moore.
Miss Carol Moore.
Mr. aad Mrs. S. G. Murphy.
Mr. ar.d Mi*. Dan Murphy.
Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Murphy.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Marshall
Mrs. M. F. McGurn.
Captain end Mrs. Robert F. McMillan
Mr*. W. S. McCormick.
Lewi* MrCcrmlck.
Francis MeComa*.
Thomas McCaleb.
Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Menflell Jr.
John Hubert M«e.
Mr. end Mrs. J. S. Messersmlth.
Jchn Brockway MetcaJf. /
Mr. and Mrs. Mayo Newhall.
Miss Newhaii.
Mr. and Mrs. G«orge A. Newhall.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Newhall.
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall.
Mr*. Norrls.
Mrs. D. N. Nestteld.
Reginald Norrls.
Mies O'Connor.
Erigailier General and Mrs. J. J. O'ConnelL
Mr. and Mrs. James Otis.
Mrs. Otis.
Hermann Oelrich*.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles May Oelrichs.
Harry Oelrichs.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard.
Captain and Mrs. J. S. Oyster.
Mr. and Mrs. Oulton.
Miss Owen.
Francis L. Owen.
Mr. and Mrs. Peters.
The Misses Peters.
Svmmcrr
Furniture Sailed
Closes July 10th
Don't let this phenomenal money sav-
ing opportunity pass by. Every model
In our m&Kniftcent display of Summer
Furniture is offered at a
Discount of 33}£ per cent, or
Vs OFF
Don't wait until the last day.
Sale ends Monday.
\u25a0 Josjredericks & (g. .
34-50 ELLIS ST. M^lf
Joseph Peters.
Mrs. Parrott.
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Parrott.
The Misses Parrott.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Parrott.
Captain and Mrs. Payson.
Major and Mrs. Frank L. PayKon.
Mr. and Mrs. Theodore F. Paynt.
Misa Peyton.
Philip P. Paschel.
Mrs. Silas Palmer.
Mrs. Charles Pace.
Mr. and Mrs-. Wilfred Page.
Mr. and Mrfe. Peas<.
Miss I'fase.
Miss Phelan.
James IX I'helan.
Mr. nn.l»Mrs. Ira Plerc*.
Mr. nn<! Mrs Pinokard.
Mr. nn.l Mr*. Horace Pillsbury.
Mis? PUUbarr.
E. S. rai£tatlT.
Mr. uni3 Mrs. George A. Pope.
Mrs I. I«>«r<*niv Pocle.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Poett. '
Mls-s Poett.
Mr. and Mrs. Krtward Pond.
Mr. sri'l Mrf. Willis X; Polk.
M;-. ami Garter P. Pomeroy.
Miss )Vvi:-.eroy.
Mr. ar.'l Mr«. Ashton Potter.
Mr. »nd Mr?. Edward Pringle.
Ittrm Trim:!.-.
Oeorjre \V» l'roscott.
Mrs. IV-rwMo I^cheon.
Dr. ."id Mm. I- Paulleki.
Fir Jhip<e T. .Power.
Dr. JTatna F. Presley.
Roy M. MkP.
Horace G. Platt.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Plotner.
Mr*. Fidnry Peck.
Mr. rind Mrs Pritchett.
Mips Pritchett.'
Mrs. I-nura BriJe Powers.
Mrs. Ernest nobinson.
Ma.ior nn.l Mrs. Rathbcne.
G. L. Rathbnne.
Captain and Mrr. Georje \V. Read.
James W. Re!d.
Mr and Mrs. Christian Rels.
Tied Reis Jr.
Mr. aid Mrs. Julius C. Rels.
Mrs. ncnia.
Mr?. n« hinfon.
Miys Rnbta«on.
Porter Ctbtnaon.
Mr. an.l Mtf. William P. Redington.
Mlsa Redin_-tcn.
Mis?? P*>dn-'ir<i.
Lloyd M. Ttor>Mr.«.
Count Prrettl 6* l» Roeca.
Pr. and Mr=. Max Hoth-hIM.
.Turirr pnd Mrs. E. M. Ros?.
Robrrt P.cjt.
Jnser>h r>. Reddin;"-
R. P. Rit!^t.
Jofci^h n^rhnrourh.
H. H. Rovsreau.
Mrs. Sim:-kins.
Mr. BlmrkJna.
Miss Sin-.iison.
Mrs. Sidney Smith.
The Misses Smith.
Mrs. J. Conait Smith,
Dr. and Mre. R. K. Smith.
Mr?. Hyde Smith.
The Misses Hyde Fralth.
J. Tremalne Smith.
Mr. and Mrs. Small.
Colonel and Mrs. Smedberg.
Mi=s Smedberr.
Mr. an<l Mrs. O. J. Salisbun'-
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Spencer.
Mra. Spencer.
Mrs. Austin Sperry.
Mr. and Mrs. Gcorte B. Sperry.
Miss Sperry.
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Spfa&ue.
The Misses Snrarue.
A. B S^reckels.
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Spreckels.
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Spreckels Jr.
Miss Spreckels.
Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels.
Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Spreckels.
Mr. and Mrs. James B. Stetson.
Harry N. Stetson.
The Misses gp.bln.
Mr. and Mrs. John Ira Sabin.
William B. Sanborn.
Dr. and Mrs. Grant Selfridtre.
Dr. and Mrs. J. Wllpon Shlels.
Dr. and Mrs. Stanley Ptlllman.
Mr. and Mrs. Sehraledell.
Mrs. Sohmledell. ' '\u25a0.
Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Fchwerin.
Mr. and Mrs. H. SchussJer.
Miss Schussler.
Mr. and Mrs.,H. T. Scott.
Harry Scott.
Preecott fcott.
Mr. and Mn>. Trvinc M. Rc^tt Jr. - '.'
Mr. «nd Mrs. Laurance I. Scott. ' ' * \u25a0
Mr. and Mre. John Scott.
Mr. and Mr?. Percy Selby.
Mrs P. W. Selby.
M!?s Se^hy.
Dr. and Mrs. Sherman.
General Shafter.
Mr. and Mr*.. Nelson Towne Shaw
Mrs. J. F. Shields. .
Mrs. Robert Sherwood.
Mr. and Mrs. Sherwood.
Mrs. J. de Barth Shorb.
Miss Ethel Short.
Mr. Short).
Major William Stevenson.
Mr. and Mr» T. J. Sullivan.
The Misces Sullivan.
Mrs. John F. Swift.
Major General and Mrs. S. P. Sumner.
Aide de ramp to General Sumner.
Mr. and Mrs. Mark-- SlbJey Severance,
Miss Severance.
Mr. nnd Mrs. Josenh S. Spear Jr.
Mr. and Mrs. Carlo Serr*. *
Mr. and Mir. Vand-rlynn Stow.
Miss Stella SslUbury-
Pr. Shattuck.
Miss Shattuck.
Chauneey St. John.
Mr. nnd Mrs. Aucustus Taylor.
Mr. p.nd Mrs. William. H. Taylor Jr.
Mr. and Mrs. William Hlnckley Taylor.
Mrs. John Tallant.
Miss Tallant.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Tallant.
Mr. and Mrs. William Tevis.
Dr. Tevis.
Admiral and Mrs. Terry.
J. C. Mas=on Terry.
Miss Terry.
Mr. and Mrs. William T!mm«F
Mr. and Mrs. Cameron D. Thorn.
Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Thorn.
Captain and Mrs. C. E. Thorn.
Mn. A. N. Towne.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Troy.
Mr. and Mrs. James E. Tucker.
Beverley Tucker.
Mr*. Austin C. Tubbs.
Mrs. A. L. Tubbs.
Mr. and Mr?. Alfred S. Tubbs. .
Mr. and Mr*. W. B. Tubbs.
Philip W. Tcropkln*.
Werthum W. Thurston.
Mrs. Tebtn.
Miss Tobin. .
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph S. Tobin.
Mr. and Mr*. Clement Tobin.
Edward N. Tobin.
Cyril Tobin.
Mrs. Thornton.
Miss EthM Thomas.
Judge and Mrs. Van Fleet.
Miss Van Winkle.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomau C. Van Nest.
Thomas Van Ness.
Miss Van Ness.
Dr. »nd Mrs. Alfred H. Voorhiea.
Baron and Baroness Van Horst.
Baron and Baroness yon Schroeder.
The Misses yon Schroeder.
Henry yon Schroeder.
Mr. and Mrs. MountfonJ "Wilson. • '\u25a0\u25a0
Nathaniel L. Wilson*
Judge and Mrs. William T. Wallace.
Mrs. Rj-land Wallace. ; ' .
Mr. and Mrs. Luther Wagoner.
Mr. and Mrs. Cyrus Walker. -
Mrs. Welch.
Mr. and. Mm. Andrew Welch.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis E. Welch.
Dr. and Mrs. Welty.
r Lieutenant Alexander M. WetherelL U: S. A.
John D. Wllcox. Portland.
Mrs. Wllcox. Los Angeles.
Alfred H. \Vi!cox. Mjm*m
John A. Wllcox.
Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey. Winslow.
Mr." and Mrs. Alexander WilllameQa
Mrs. -St-venscn Williamson. .
Charles- Williamson.
Mr. and Mrs. Clinton E. Worden.: -.
General and Mrs. Leonard Wood.
1 Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Wood.
Baldwin Wood.
General and Mrf. Woodruff.
Miss Helen Woolworth.
Major and : Mrs. Austin Wadsworth. ' V«'
" William Waters.
Admiral y and Mre. "Whiting.
Mi** Whltinp.
Ml»s Florence Whittell.
Mrs. A. P. Whittell.
Mr. and Mrt<. Geortre Whittell.
Mr*. Trie* Shcrb White.
1 Mrs. GeorKf E. W'hitney. .
Miss Whitney. _' .
CoTorior'andiMrs. John.H. Wholley. -.
Mr. an^l Mrs. John Scott Wilson. >/Jl
Mr*. Ruweli Wlleon.
The Misses Wilson.
Dr. and Mrs. Frank Wilson.
Captain F. L. Wlnn.
Mr. and Mrs." Theodore Wllcox.' "-.-.•-
Lieutenant General S.B . M.. Young. ,
Captain and Mrs. H. P.- Young.
Miss Znnn. \u25a0 _ .
Mr. and Mrs: Frank C. Zimmerman. -\u25a0
Otto Zurcher. • ' \u25a0
Ofncers of German ehlp Falke.
KESCUED : "; BY NEIGHBOR.— Mra. Mary
Traini". 75 , years ; old,, had- »v. narrow • escape
(rom - burnlnp . to , death at. her home* at y 128
\v::<s<\v street ' last" night.' A cundle started
a\u25a0. Maze and ehe ( wa r rescued '\u25a0 by Joseph ! . J4c
.-2Unn who lives near by. \u25a0\u25a0: . •' ,
THE; SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULi'-S, 1905.
SURGEONS BRING ANNUAL
SESSION TO A CLOSE.
TWO OF THE NEW OFFICERS OF THE AMERICAN SURGICAL" ASSOCIATION;
CHOSEN AT THE ANNUAL ELECTION OF THAT BODY HELD YESTERDAY.
AT THE. ST. FItANCIS HOTEL IN THIS CJTY. •£"-.:.; -
Visits the Army
Posts About Bay
in the Morning
. Secretary Taft began the day yesterday
with a tour of the bay. A review of the
troops stationed at the Presidio followed.
He left ti-e transport dock promptly at
7:30 in the morning on the tug Slocum,
accompanied by only the official mem
bers of his party. The company was re
ceived on board the army tug by General
Sumner and his aid. Lieutenant J. A: Hig-
Cms. General Frederick Funston, Major
C. A. Devol, and Major Cassius E. Gil
lette. Captain E. P. Jervey Jr. was also
in the party, having been appointed as a
special aid to the Secretary. : . !
The tug first steamed slowly , around
Angel Island that the Secretary, might
have a full knowledge of,its size and situa
tion. It has been proposed to set aside a
part of the island for a detention camp
for immigrants. The military authorities
have always had full possession, aru. they
arc averse to yielding up any portion to
the Treasury Department/The question
is one that will- be decided later on by
Secretary Taft.
The Slocum next sailed close to Fort
Baker and Point Bonita and' then headed
fur the Presidio dock.
On arrival' there the distinguished vis
itors were met by Colonel Charles Morris,
commander of the post. Lieutenant Col
onelß. H. Patterson, Captain G-P. White
and Major William Stephenson. Car
riages were in. waiting and. the party, es
corted by the ofncers. on horseback, was
driven to the parade grounds in front of
the general hospital buildings. The sa
lute to the Secretary of seventeen guns
was fired as Mr. Taft reached the reser
vation.
AH the troops stationed at the post took
part in the proceedings. They were in
command of Colonel Morris. In the re
view were , ten companies.) of i Coast Ar
tillery,: three field batteries., the, .,; third
squadron ' of Ithe. Fourth Cavalry, and
Company B| Hospital Corps. All were in
dress They made a handsome
appearofnee : as they by the' : re
viewing stand. YWhen- the 'cavalry and
field? batteries passed theisecond time, at
full gallop they brought forth/ cheers and
applause from. the spectators. '. During the
review, the/ Third. Artillery, Corps band
rendered the, regulation; music. ';•\u25a0; ..-. . /
The review began at 9 :30 arid . lasted un
til 10. Secretary Tait was then; escorted
to the General /Hospital, :' where I he ; was
received by Lieutenant Colonel G. K. To
mey, Lieutenant; J." H.VAllen, Lieutenant
I supply you with
OLYMPIA BEER,
phone main 146. Imme-
diate attention will be
given your order. .*. .*.
Olympia Beer Co., S. F.
NONE Just as Good. "It's the Waterfi
W. T. \u25a0 Davidson • /v LJeutenant' i J. LC Shep
ar<T and Surgeon .G. Parker. 'He took a
great, interest in what he saw" there^ and
was shown over the entire plant. He was
particularly interested in the fine new
surgical room, which' is said to be one of
the most completely equipped in the coun
try.; After leaving the hospital the Sec
retary went out to see the big guns on
the hill just west of the main post. He
made a careful survey..
The party returned to the dock, and
boaidod the oiocum and sailed'past Fort
Mason;, around Alcatiaz and then to. the
Key: Route wharf on the -Oakland side of
the bay. \u25a0 Secretary Taf t expressed him
self as highly pleased with all he- saw,
but- he was. non-committal as to the
Treasury Department's request for a slice
of Angel Island for a detention camp.
The | weather was intensely hot during
the review of the troops but about 1000
people went out from town to witness it.
Mi&s Rooseve.t did. not accompany \u25a0\u25a0' the
party to the post and much disappoint
ment was expressed that she was not
there. :• ' ' , .-\u25a0-. ' . \u0084- ;,
SECKETAKY WILSON
DJS3IISSES HOLMES
Statistician Is Accused of
Having- {Sold Cotton Ee
v i)orts to Brokers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON,' July 7.— Secretary or
Agriculture Wilson, acting on -the. report
ot the secret, service,, officers who investi
gated the' cotton crop* report scandal,' - ; has
Kunimarily dismissed: Edwin S. Holmes,
associate statistician. .' ' '
Holmes is. dismissed for, having sold ad
vance reports of the cotton^croy to; New
York r peculators nnd for having . falsified
the figures in such a way as to aid
persons who had" bought or" sold" cotton.
Holmes has amassed a comfortable . for
tune.;" When questioned; as to -how he got
his money he said he made it through" a
friend who met him on r a Strain and im
mediately imcortuned him jto buy I gold
mining stock. To! get -rid -of '-\u25a0 him ; he in
vested and to his astonishment dlsqbvered
that lie had made $40,000 in. a short time.
Score of Firemen SerlonMly Burned.
NEW YORK, July 7.^-A score of > fire
men were seriously, burned or overcome
by, smoke to-nlght v during a^flro which
destroyed the upper floors of, th<j seven
story factory building at; Hudson' street
and > Ninth avenue. 'All y managed ' to
reach the street; where they: were as
sisted by their < comrades. Loss,
$100,000. '\u0084\u25a0*\u25a0 \u25a0 v
Many ImportahtPa
pers Read byl
Physicians.
Dr. A. Vander Veer
-of Albany Made
President
The annual session of the American
Surgical Association- terminated at the
St: Francis Hotel yesterday, with ' the
election . of officers and the reading and
discussion of most important papers.^
Dr. 1 Emmet Rixford occupied the chair"
at -the early part of the session and
later the outgoing president, Dr. George
Ben Johnston,: presided.
jThose whose names were submitted
by; the .^mminating committee and were
elected to office are:
President,; Dr. A. Vander Veer. Albany, N.
V.; vice presidents. Dr. J k E. Moore of Minne
apolis and' Dr. J; C. Munru of Boston; secre
tary. Dr. Dudley P. Allen, Cleveland; treas
urers Dr. G. R. Fowler, Brooklyn, - N. V.; re
corder. Dr. , R. H. Harte, Philadelphia; coun
cll—Dr.>M; H. Richardson, Dr. N. P. Dan
dridge. and Dr.. George Ben Johnston; coramlt
tee on annual meeting — Dr. U. T. Vaughan and
Dr. J.tS; Munro.
. Dr.: Vander Veer, the president-elect,
is. professor of, surgery at the Albany
Medical College and surgeon In chief,
of the. Albany Hospital..
The new members elected are:
Honorary membership— John aS Billings, M.
D., New York,- N. . V. ; active membership —
George W. Crlle, M. D., CleAeland, Ohio;
Charles W. Oviatt, U. D., Oshkosh, WU.;
Harry M. Sherman, M. D. San Francisco, , Cal. ;
Robert Wilkinson Johnson, M. . D., Baltimore,
Md. - j
Cleveland, Ohio, was chosen for the
next place of meeting.
Dr. William J. Mayo read a paper
on '.'A Comparison of Methods of Per
forming. Gastro-enterostomy," and told
of a medical man having ten cases of
cancer, of the stomach .which he was
treating \u25a0.without "benefit." This brought
the surgeon to say that when the phy
sician comes to recognize that cancer
of the stomach is a surgical, disease
from the beginning he will refer such
cases to the surgeon early. .
Dr. Mayo urged; that this would save
a large number of lives that are now
lost; on account! of- the rapid advance
of the disease. j
Besides Dr. Mayo's, the following pa
pers were read:
"A Caee of Intussusception Which Became
Spontaneously Reduced After Provisional En
terostomy" (remarks), Maurine H. Richardson,
M. D., Boston, Mass.
"Perforation of tho Gall Bladder," Archibald
MacLaren, M. D., St. Paul. Minn.
: "Constriction of \u25a0 Duodenum Below the En
trance of . the Common Duct and Its Relation
to Disease," A. J. Ochsner, M. D.. Chicago,
111.
"Results of Experiments in Asepsis," Dudley
P. Allen. M. p., Cleveland. Ohio. '
The members of the association were
the guests of anumber of local medical
men at a banquet last night at the
Pacific-Union Club.
TKIES TO DISFICtUEE
EIVAIi WITH HATCHET
J ealous San Francisco Wor
n; an Assaults Husband's
- Charmer.
SDeclal DUpatcb to The Call.
PORTLAND, July 7.— Ella Zeimer of
San Francisco, driven by Intense jeal
ousy, tried to. disfigure her rival for. her.
husband's affections, Emma . Barmon,
with a hatchet and later turned on the
gas in her room, with the idea of suicide.
She wis unsuccessful in this attempt,
however, and after a period of hysterics
lasting two days, last night, in front of
the Unitarian Church, when the evening
session of the American Librarians' As
sociation was just beginning to gather,
lay down on the sidewalk and crying
aloud tr Jed to beat her brains out by
hitting her skull upon the | pavement.
The sedate librarians rushed to stop her
and ! she broke out into ; hysterics again^
much to their astonishment, and -tried to
threw, herself down hard enough to make
her attempt at suicide effective.
After Mrs. Zeimer had been quietea
she disclaimed any intention at suicide,
as she had , when she T turned on the gaa
in her \u25a0 room. /When Mrs. Zeimer as
saulted Emma ' Barmon she "cried out:
"I will ruin your beauty and win back
my husband or kill myself.;*
: Otto Zeimer, her husband, came to
Portland to work" at the. fair,, leaving
his wife behind.. He was followed -by the
Barmon woman and later by his wife.
ALLEGED EMIIEZJI.ER WI LI,
BE KETI'RAED TO B.VKERSFIELD
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 - - \u25a0 *.\ \u25a0 ' . ~~~~~~ " - \u25a0 j
Bookkeeper Accused of Stealing- $700
From Department Store Csiutfht
I : In
\ BAKERSFIELD. July 7. — Herman
Bloser, who is. wanted for j stealings7oo
while employed as. bookkeeper in a
large "department store here, was ar
rested in Las Vegas, Nev., to-day. - As
soon as his crime became known Bloser
fledito Nevada/. For several weeks the
authorities have been trying to get the
requisition papers so that he could be
brought back. '
worth of 23-candle power ; high-heat unit gas r will do
more cooking than two bits* worth of coal. Then there
are no dirt, ashes or kindling — just a. clean,, cool
is 7 the; cheapest- fuel. Gas : ranges are. the; cheapest
i-raiiges— cheapest in first cost, cheapest to operate.
RANGES AT COST 1 /\. OO
DOLLAR A MONTH *P '* ;\/."'
SERVICES FREE
CONNECTIONS FREE
The GAS COMPANY
MEXICAN PEON
KILLS ENGINEER
Well Known Shasta County
Miner Interferes in Quar
rel aiulls Shot to Death
SLAYER MAKES ESCAPE
Traoedy Interrupts Progress
of Party of Experts Trav
eling in. State : of Sonora
Special . Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING. July 7.— Gale Johnson, one
of the best- known mining engineers
of California, and who made his head
quarters in ; Shasta County, for several
years, , was murdered Thursday evening
near Sonora, Mexico, by a peon. Johnson
interfered in a quarrel between the peon
and one of his own party of engineers
and was shot in the heart by the Mexi
can, who escaped. A son of Thomas W.
Lawson, the Boston financier, was In
Johnson's party. Johnson was formerly
a trusted employe of the Trinity Copper
Company at Kennett.
ROCIIA .MAY RE LVXCHED.
Murder of i'.nlv Johnxon Cannes Great
K.xciteuieiit at Uiique.
EL PASO, Tex.. July 7.— The lynching
of a Mexican neon by American mining
men seems imminent at Urique. Mex
ico, where, on the evening of July Si
Gale Johnson of California was assas
sinated by Jesus Rocha. a Mexican mine
laborer. Johnson was. chief engineer
of the Thomas W. Lawson mining prop
erties in California and Mexico, and was
decidedly popular among the American
residents of Uiique. At the time of. his
; death he was in company with General
Manager Rahn of the Lawson mines.
Rocha accosted the general manager
in an insolent manner and complained
that his pay envelope lacked three pesos
of being the -reu'tired amount. Manager
Rahn told him to file his complaint with
'the timekeeper. The Mexican insisted
on immediate payment and General
Manager Eahn knocked him down with
a cane. Arising, the Mexican stabbed
"Rahn. Johnson, rushed to the rescue,
and the Mexican turned upon him,- in
flicting a death wound with his dirk.
Rochu was arrested by the police and
an extra guard has been placed around
the improvised , jail to prevent indig
nant Americans from lynching the pris
oner. The excitement is growing, and
there may yet be a lynching.
MAKES AVEAPOX OUT OF WIRE
; AND STABS FELLOW PRISONER
Row In a Snn Bernardino County Jail
End* in a Serious Stabblujj
Afl'raT-
SAX BERXARDINO. July 7.— H.
Mores, a prisoner in the County Jail,
was stabbed through the arm by A.
Enrique, a Mexican, who is serving time
for stabbing a miner at Daggett a
few days ago. The men quarreled yes
terday and to-day, Enrique, who had
flattened and sharpened a large piece
of wire» approached Mores in the jail
'yard and made a. thrust at his stomach.
The improvised weapon pierced" Mores*
arm, which he dropped in time to inter
cept the thrust. , " ' «-
GRASSHOPPERS PUAY HAVOC .-
WITH GRAPES I>' SON'OMA
One Grower Suffers a Lorn. of $1500
and Others Report Slight
Damaze.
WINDSOR, July 7. — Peterson broth
ers on the Mark West Ranch report
that thirty acres of grapes worth $1500
have been destroyed by grasshoppers.
F. T. Brown of Olive Hill Ranch aad
others report small losses.. Professor
F. T. Bioletti of the State University
has been appealed to for some plan by
which the pests can be destroyed. The
grape crop of- this vicinity amounts to
about 10.000 tons 1 annually. ;'-» v
Id the Duj'» of Comenlns
the mind was arpealed to through the eyes.
The cosmos picture dees this and is the best
class of reproductions now sold — pictures of
extraordinary merit. We carry the complete
line, made in two • sizes. Ten for 25c small
elze, 4 foe, 25c large size. Send for free cata
logue. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
AGED S AXTA CRUZ COUPLE
CELEBRATE GOLDEX WEDDING
SANTA CRUZ, July 7.- — Mr. and Mrs.
Edward Lawrence Williams celebrated
tnelr golden wedding to-day. Fifty
years ago Mr. Williams married Miss
Narcisa Watson of Monterey, daugh
ter of James Watson, who came to Cali
fornia from Vr'na- also; Chile, in 1822.
When demands are made and arbitra
tion refused at the same time the ques
tion becomes. very one-sided. These are
the facts in the present "Rainier" strike,
yet Rainier Beer is called -"unfair." •
His Run of Salmon.
i \ T ANCOUVER; B. a. July 7.^— Sockeye
salmon are running in large numbers
in the Naas and Skeena rivers. News
brought down from the north to-day is
to the effect that air the canneries are
working to their fullest capacity to
handle the phenomenally large run.
"I h»r« nsed* yoor Talnablo Cascarets and find
thorn perfect. Couldn"* do without them. 1 h»T<»
ised tWfor tome time for tatotta •"'» b "-
lousness and am now completely en red. Kecom-
mend them to eTeryone. Once **»•«*. T<m wiU
nerer be without them in th« f » mll y- An \u0084__ w •»
Edward A. Marx, Alhany. N.T.
CANOnrCATrURDC r^^^^
Pleaaan*. Palatable, Potent. Taste Good. Do Good.
N^Ter Siekon. Woak»n or Grip*. 10c. tic. SOc. >[?7«*
•old In bnl'<. Tho eennine tablet stamped Ctft
Gaarantead to ears or your nwuejr back.
. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 8o«
AnMUAL SjILE, TEH MILLION BOXES
The North Western- I
Onion Pacific Excursions I
afford unusual epportuaitics lot. aa \
economical and satisfactory journey to I
CMcagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday. Friday
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier-
Choice of routes.
For full information apply to or addrej*
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK,
General Ag»nr. Gcn'l Agent Pats'r Dept,
Chlcijo Si North-W estern Ry. Vnion Pacific R. R.
617 f Kxr kst St. No. 1 Mon t »omery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
. OCijIAX TKAVKIj. : :
! sgifTT?^ Steamers leave Piers 9 aad
/£vSi^-SS©V «. Saa Francisco:
/tf£T__ \tlsV For Ketchlkaa, Wransret.
/-k/7S?^a \ \ Juneau. Tread well, Haines.
I I \K*T> A II Skagway. etc. . Alaska — U '
I \ UqUSa/ I a. m.. July 5, 9, 14. 19, 'J4,
V*X \\ ,&/ Aaff - *\u25a0 Chanse to tala
VOSO 1 company's steamers at Seat-
X^tsrOS^ tla.
"^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
P«rt Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Am-
cortes. South Belllcgham. BellinKham — 11 a.
m., July 5, 9, 14. 19. 24. 29, Aug. 3. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ky.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p m.. July 3, 10. 18, 22. 23. Aug. 3. Corona
1:30 p. m.. July 1. 7. 13. 19, 23, 31. Aug. 8.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). Saa Dleso and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
1 State ot California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
" For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz.. Moo- |
terey, San Simeon.' Cayucos. Port Hartord (Stan
Luis ObispoK Ventura and Hueneme —
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. July 1. 9. 17. 23. Aug X
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. July 5, 13. 21. 29. Aug «.
! Fc: Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax, Santa Rosa.
Ha, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. \u25a0 m.. 7th of each
AL ASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1903 — Th»
palatial steamship SPOKANE will leavw Ta-
coma. Seattle and Victoria June 22. July 6, 20.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to chsore steamers or sailing
dates. • •
TICKKT OFFICES — 4 New Montgomery tt
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Office. 10 Market st.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
AMESXCAH LISZ.
Plvmonth — CnerbourT — Southmaroten.
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT U2TS.
Hew York— London Direct.
HOLLAND-AMESICA XiTOTB.
NEW YORK — ROTTERDAM, vht BOULOGNS
bss stab x.nrs.
Antwerp — P over — Xondon — Parla.
•WBXTE STAB TiISX.
JTew Tork — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Boston — Queen st own — Liverpool.
To the Msrtlterraisean,
FROM NEW YORK.
Romanic Jaiy «.
CRETIC Jury ' 27. September 28. Nov. 4
• FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC August 3. September 18. Oct. 28
ROMANIC October T. November 18
C. I> TAYLOR. Passenger Arent Padflo Coast.
21 Post st.. San Francisco.'.
ftamburg-Jkmerican.
Plyrflonth--Cherbour ti '— Hamburg
First sailing: at Intermediate rates *y
S. S. DEUTSCHI^AND, July SO.
ITP#nnsylvanla..July 2Clf*Moltk»l**.j;^Xn«; 17.
HRhaetla. ..July 20jTWa!derse« i ...Aug. 19
\u2666•Bluecher Aug. 3 tDeut3Chland..Aug. J*
fPatrtcta.. Aug, siHamburg.i Hamburg. Aug. 31
tGrlll room. •Gymnagrum on board. IVta
Dover for "London and Farts fc> Hamburg.
HAMBOSG-A KFRIC M» LTN3. 35-37 Bro»1»»T. N.T.
HER2OG & CO.. 401 Callfbrnls < st. ; \ :,"
g S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 5. 11 A.M.
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck- -
• land and Sydney. Thursday, July 20, 2 P. 11.
S. S. MARIPO3A. for Tahiti. Aus. 6, U A. M.
J.D.SFBECEELS k BEOS. C(X Ulß.,Tltta 0512543 M-
tet. Freigii Offlcs 327 Maria si. Pier 7, Pacflc si '
KOSMOS LIFNIB
PASSELXGER SERVICE.
' S S 'THEBEN.*' 6CCO tons. Captain Rlch-
ert.' sailing trom San Francisco. July 29. for
Europe vta ports on west coast of Mexico..
Central and South Amertca._ For rates and
accommodations apply to LENDAL M. GRAY, s
Manager. 329 Market street. . \u25a0-
Compasnte. Generate Tranaatlantlque.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Part*. d «-j~g fc ' .
Eaillng every Thursday Instead of^fij>
Saturday. 10 a. m.. from Pl«r 42." —^^
, North River, foot of Mortonjst.
\u25a0 First class to Havre. $70 aad upward. S*o- ,
end class to Havre. 145 and upward. . GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson bulMhisf}.
NeA? Yorkl J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Franclico. B
t Tlcke ts sold by *U ; Ballroad Ticket Agents. >
BAY AND IXTERHIBAS ROnOSS. ,
NAPA VALLEY ROUtfc
MONTICELLO STEAMSHIP . COMPANT—
VALLEJO AND NAPA" VALLEY. INTER-
TJRBAN ELECTRIC .R..R CO. 1 .. C10«e connec-
tions at Vallejo -with ft round trips daily for
Vallejo. Mare Island Navy Yard, Napa;:Napa
\sylum and all way. point*. Boats -leave San
r Francisco T :oO*a- m.. *»:« a. m ... iz :3O noon.
3-15 o-j rt».j «:«* P.m.. 8:30 p.m. \u25a0-. ••* ,;»
. Cars leave Xapa.. tt:l3 a. . m... 6:55 . a,-' m.
local. S:3O a. t m.; ll':3o«.* m..'2:30 p. m..*-i:3O
p. m.. .,":»>: p.- m.; 3:30. p. m. -local. >San
Francisco \u25a0 landing and o(flc«. * Pier 2. , foot : of
Mission »t. . Meals a: la ;carte. ; Phon«: Main
1508. .- \u25a0 HATCH BROS:. : General Agent*.
•Lands- Navy Yard dlrecC \* . \u25a0-:,%..
For Vallejd and Man Island -Navy » Yar*—
Steum«r H. s, J." • Corcoran leaves J wharf, ¥ north
end of Ferry Building.. «B:SO a..m...2:;w p. m.-
Su'tdays.^ » : 15 a. m..- StS t p. , m. - • Piper- Adan-
Coodall Co.. -. Ag»nt».v,Clay .st.: whart. Phon»
Main 1 641. .Bameson-Hlbberd Co.. • rAanagers!
4J(I Montgomery, st.: phone 8u5h, 748. Effective
on andjifter:Jaly"6. 1805. '•L*a4i. a*v7*TaxdREPORT OF A FIERCE BATTLE BETWEEN AMIRAL KRUGER'S SHIPS AND MUTINEER
ODESSA, July 7.— A report is current here to-night that the mutineer 'battleship Kniaz Potemkine encountered
Vice Admiral Kruger's Black Sea fleet; that a fierce battle was fought, -in* .which: many* lwere killed or wounded, espe
cially on the rebel ship, and that eventually the mutineer escaped. Thef steamship Alexei, overdue at this port, is said
to have been held up. by the Kniaz Potemkine, which carried off five army officers who were found aboard,- among
them two generals.
WARSHIPS ARE TRAILING
THE KNIAZ POTEMPKINE
Belief That She Is Heading for a
Port of the Caucasus.
Her Arrival Is Likely to Spread
the Fire of Revolution.
I-OXDOX, July X—AK — A dispatch to a lo
cal nev»»|iai>rr agency from Kastenjl
dated Saturday, mivk that ilir fnsur
£ent HuiMao batllesliip Kninz Potent
kfnc reappeared here to-day with tor
p.il.i boatk and the dispatch boat Vsr
rouape.. The Knlas Pofemkinc with her
• iinwiri entered the outer harbor and
Kiirhoreil near the Roumanian cruiser
LTlisebata.
The authorities of the town are anx
iously watching: to guard against any
aurprl»e movruirnto and much excite
ment prevail* throughout the tovru.
ST. PETERSBURG, .'uly 8. 2:30 a. m.
According to the latest reports the
Kuiaz Potemkine has esc: ped her pur
suers and its still at larjje in the Black
tea, with the torpedo-boat Smeltilvy
and the Black Sea fleet hot on her trail.
There is little doubt that she is head
ing for Poti or Batoum, Dut no dis
patches from eith- ice had been re
ceived up to 2 o'clock this morning.
Advices received by the Associated
Pro.«s indicate that the tension is in
creasing in t". \u25a0 Caucasus, where the
turbulent elements arc excited ever re
ports i — rding the condition of the
fleet. Increasing the fear that the ar
nval of the Kniaz Potemkine at a port
of the Caucasus will have the effect of
pouring oil on the smoldering flames.
A bomb was thrown at Tiflis to-day.
GETS SI' PPL Y OF FUEL.
Rebel Battleship Coals From a British
Vesucl Which She Seized.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 7.— The
Kniaz Potemkine escaped from Theo
dosia be-fore the Black Sea fleet arrived
thcrp from Sebastopol. The advices
received by. the Admiralty, however,
are meager and most conflicting. It
is considered that "Ensign and Quar
termaster" Alexieff, who commands the
Kniaa Potemkine. was advised of the
fleet's "coming and left TheoJosla. At
any rate it is clear ..nat she coaled from
a British, ship which she seized, and
their saijfd -away. The reports as to
the direction taken by the Kniaz Po
temkine do not agree. Admiral Wire
neus, chief of the general staff of the
navy, says that one report said that she
had sailed westward in the direction of
. Livadia, raising the suspicion that it Is
tljft intention of her crew to bombard
the Emperor's summer palace. An
. other ru 1 " 01 " said that when the Kniaz
Poremkii," e w *s last seen she was head
ed sv,,rneast as if bound for the Cau
casus littoraL This subsequently was
supplemented by a report from Sebas
topol that the Kniaz Potemkine had
put into Tuapse, half way to Poti, and
had been captured in some mysterious
fashion by soldiers.
The torpedo-boat destroyer Smeltilvy,
manned by a crew of officers and blue
jackets who volunteered to sink the
mutineer, reached Theodosia several
hours after the Kniaz Potemkine had
departed and after hurriedly coaling
the Smeltilvy put to sea in pursuit of
the rebel battleship.
COWED BY RINGLEADERS.
.Many of the Men of the Kninz Potem-
kine Want to Surrender.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 7.— Official re
ports received at the Ministry of the In
terior from the Governor of Simferopol,
who is In command at Theodosia. Crimea,
furnish some interesting partciulars of re
cent events there. According to these re
ports the Kniaz Potemkine did not sue-
\u25a0
A Fine Jnife
of best razor steel, handle of
pearl, strongly reinforced
ends. My price 5i. 7.%
I have a specially fine
LADIES' KXIFE. with pearl
'.i:>ndle, three blades of best
. 6teel. graceful shape and con-
venient sjze. My pr!ce..Sl.f*O
AH Kinds of Cutlery Ground
and Sharpened. Razors
Honed. Ground and Put In
llrst ~ Clnxa Condition.
] Horitnsr. llTic*.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer,
IOOS MAHKIJT ST.. Opp. Fifth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Gonorrhoea and Urinary Discharges.
« k If W W fsiiik
A CURE IN 48^HOURS.
cecd in procuring coal at Theodosia and
she left that port short of coal and wa
ter, but she had on board salt meat and
Hour sufficient for three weeks. The Gov
ernor says he supplied the mutineers with
provisions because the populace pleaded
that only in that way could he save the
city from destruction The Governor says
that when the torpedo-boat in the hands
of the mutineers and a cutter tried to
come in shore yesterday morning for a
parley, the troops fired on them, thirty
sailors being killed or wounded. Upon
the return of the boats to the battleship,
the latter, instead of exacting vengeance
by shelling the city, weighed anchor and
steamed away.
The Governor expressed the opinion
that the career of the Kniaz Potemkine
will soon be ended. He says that a sailor
who jumped overboard and swam ashore
during? the night reports that a condition
bordering on anarchy exists on board the
battleship. There is much drunkenness,
the men reeling about the decks and there
are many wounded men. Typhus has
broken out on the Kniaz Potemkine.
More than half of the crew, together with
eight petty officers, are in favor of sur
rendering and throwing themselves on
the mercy of the authorities, but they
are powerless against the mutineers who
have all the arms. The ringleaders con
sist of sixty-five sailors and two civilians
who came aboard at Odessa. The chief
boatswain occupies the Admiral's cabin
and is virtually in command of the ship,
w'.th "Ensign and Quartermaster" Alex
ieff. the only man on board who is cap
able of navigating the vessel. Alexleff,
according to the sailor's story, is under
duress.
The Governor's story conflicts with the
report of the correspondent, who re
cently visited the Kniaz Potemkine and
who said everything. on board was in ship
shape. -.--..:
SUBDUED BY YANKEES.
Skipper of American Ship Irons Mu
tinous RuHlao Refngreen.
SEATTLE, July 7. — Russian refu
gees being taken from Shanghai to
Odessa on the Seattle steamship Ga
ronne became so riotous between the
Chinese port and Singapore that Cap
tain Robert Lawe, master of the ship,
was forced to place the ringleaders in
irons. Upon arriving at Singapore
Captain Lawe appealed to the Russian
Consul to have tne more turbulent j£
his passengers taken from the ship.
His request was refused and he
promptly purchased enough rifles and
ammunition to arm his crew. Then
he clapped more of the disturbers in
irons and, subduing the rest by a show
of arms, continued on his voyage.
Reaching Odessa, the Garonne found
the town in a state of siege and ac
cordingly went to Theoaosia. where
she arrived In safety according to a
dispatch from Captain Lawe to Frank
Waterbouse, owner of the Garonne.
PROMISES REFORM.
Count Ignatieff Tried to Pacify People
In Name of the Cznr.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 7.— The Gov
ernment Is seriously trying to calm the
country by distributing everywhere
copies of Prince Troubetskoy's zemstvo
address, with the Emperor's response.
Besides this the Emperor has person
ally commanded Count Ignatieff, who
is the head of the toleration commit
tee, to tour the country, address the
people and pacify them in his name.
The Count made a speech at Eliza
beth to-day to a large assemblage,
consisting of provincial functionaries,
Zemstvoists, landowners and mer
chants. He urged the people to have
confidence in the coming reforms, to
co-operate with the authorities and not
make the task of his Majesty more dif
ficult.
JEWS ARE LEAVING LODZ.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 7.— The Of
ficial Messenger this morning prints a
detailed account of the disturbances at
Lodz and declares that they were un
justified by local economic conditions
and were fomented by revolutionary
Socialist and Jewish agitators. The
account says that the disturbances cul
minated June 23 in an open conflict be
tween the *roops and rioters. One hun
dred and sixty of the rioters were
killed and 152 wounded, one officer and
three soldiers were, wounded and two
police agents were killed and many,
wounded, while $50,000 worth of prop
erty was destroyed. According to ac
counts 20,000 Jews left the town within
CZAR GOING TO MOSCOW.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 7.— Emperor
Nicholas is going to Moscow. In this
connection the Listok prints a rumor
that his Majesty had-deefded to trans
fer the capital back to Moscow. Such
a transfer has been seriously agitated
time after time on the ground that the
true heart of Russia beats under the
shadow of the Holy Kremlin and not
at the showy capital on the banks of
the Neva, The last general agitation
for the transfer was after the assas
sination of .Alexander 11.
It is believed that he will soon. issue
a manifesto summoning 1 representa
tives of the people.
GERMAN STEA3IER DETAINED.
I SAIGON, French Indo-China, July 7.
The German steamer Litsun has been
detained here, it having been discov
ered that she has munitions of war.
on board.
•The captain of the Lltsun on her
arrival here declared that the cargo
of the Lltsun consisted of merchandise.
Lieutenant Governor, modiere ordered
thu vessel searched and munitions were
found concealed among sacks of-flour
and canned provisions.
The records do not give the name of
a German or other steamer having any
similarity to '"Litsun.''
THE SAN KRANCISCO GALL', SATU KUA V; -J ULY - ». 1905.
Sailors of the Russian Ships
Interned at Manila Are
in Sullen Mood.
American Monitor Monadnock
Detailed to Keep Watch
Over the Vessels.
MANILA, July 7.— The sailors of the
interned Russian squadron are- reported
to be in a sullen mood, and to be ex
pressing sympathy for the' Black Sea
mutineers. A rumor that they contem
plated murdering their officers caused the
American authorities to place the moni
tor Monadnock in proximity to the
Russian warships.
ASSUME .CZAK OF LOYALTY.
Delegations From Various Province*
Cull on the Ruler.
ST. PETERSBURG, July B.— An offi
cial report is published this morning 1
of the reception by the Emperor on
July 4 of a delegation from various
provinces, the members of which as
sured him of the loyalty of the Rus
sian people and asked for the continua
tion of the war and the organization on
an historic basis of an elected assembly
to participate in legislation. \u25a0'. '"
The Emperor, in the course of his
reply, thanked the members of the
delegation for the sentiments ex
pressed and said he was glad to see
thuir recognition of the fact that the
state could not be strong or solid un
less it religiously preserved the old
traditions, adding:
"Perhaps .God Is punishing us for
having sinned in this direction."
In conclusion the Emperor appealed
for their aid in re-establishins the
peace and tranquillity of the empire
and in avoiding errors and \u25a0 defects In
the execution of the great work he had
projected for the welfare of his sub
jects.
REFUSE .TO PAY CLAIMS.
Insurance Companies Hold State Re
sponsible for Damages at Odessa.
NEW YORK, July 7. — According to
the Odessa correspondent of the No
vosti, the total, losses through the out
break at Odessa are estimated at
$5,000,000, says the St. Petersburg cor
respondent of the Times.
The insurance officers refused the
payment of claims, alleging that the
state is responsible.
The newspapers are not allowed to
print details of the doings of the Kniaz
Potemkine or even of "the proclamation
issued by the crew guaranteeing the
protection of foreign commerce.
GIV'&X FAREWELL LUNCHEON.
Japan* Senior Peace Plenipotentiary
la Honored by Ills A**oclutes.
TOKIO, July 7. — The diplomatic corps
gave a farewell luncheon to Baron
Komura, the senior plenipotentiary
from Japan to conduct peace negotia
tions before the peace commission to
meet soon in Washington, and his staff.
Badon d'Anethan, the Belgian Min
ister, as dean of the diplomatic corps,
presided. .
It is expected that the steamer Min
nesota will reach Yokohama early to
morrow, July. 8. and that she will sail
for Seattle with the Japanese Peace
Commission on board in the evening.
TROOPS ARE MUTIXOUS.
Officer* In Llnevitch's Command Re
ported Sentenced to Death.
LOXDONVJuIy, B.— The Toklo corre
spondent of the Dally Telegraph de
clares that. General Linevltch has sen
tenced several Russian officers to death
for circulating seditious circulars. On
the authority of \u0084t he papers the Jap
anese correspondent at Moji, Japan/as
serts that all Poles and Jews in Line
vitch's army are mutinous and are con
stantly surrendering, so as to enjoy a
pleasant captivity as prisoners of the
Japanese.
MUTINEERS ARE DIVIDED.
Those Who Counseled Surrender Said
to Have Hern liUnded HtjKerteh.
LONDON, July 7.— The Dally Mail
correspondent at St. Petersburg. l sends
the following: "Dissension has arisen
since yesterday among the mutineers
on the Kniaz Potemkine. and a. num
ber of them who counseled submission
have been landed by the more resolute
majority at Kertch. \u25a0• The Government
Is expecting the surrender of the ves
sel within the next few days."
NAMES TWO MORE ENVOYS.
Czar Appoint* -General, Yermolnw and
. Admiral Rustiln. Peace Negotiators..
ST. PETERSBURG, July 7.— The Czar
to-day approved the list of peace ne
gotiators. To the diplomats and- ex
perts already known ; to have been se
lected are added General Yermolow and
Admiral Russln,;who knows Japan. The
negotiators have the fullest powers,
even to the fixing of the indemnity due
to Japan.
* German Public I« Satisfied.
BERLIN, July 7.— -The participation
of Germany. in* the. "Japanese loan gives
great satisfaction ; to the German | pub
lic. \u25a0'\u25a0': Most :of "the banks of
Berlin and the provinces will take part
in floating the loan.
Will Reniov* Wounded Itu^inn*.
MANILA; July. B.— The Russian hos
pital - ship :• Koctroma has f- arrived here
forthe purpose of removing the wound
ed and sick among the Russians crews
who took refuge ; here -after? the v battle
of the sea of Japan" ' v
Neutral Shipping: "to Be Protected.
VIENNA/; July 17.— The Russian Em
bassador has notified the Foreign Office
that - all "steps have?; been
taken to ' protect 'neutral- shipping in
the Black Sea. • ' '
Renidentn ' Fear r Bombardment of City.
YALTA, Crimea, July 7. — Intense ex
citement j prevails, here owing to the
fear that; the^ Kniaz - Potemkine "will
bombard the city.-";
3lutinnua | Sailors) 'Are Imprisoned.
SEBASTOPOL7,JuIy.«B.— Anaval mag
istrate' is investigating fa; mutiny 1 - on
the transport Prout.v One. hundred 'and
fifty sailors tf the Prout* have 'been im
prisoned In the fortress . here and~others
are still on board. - * T • . ?; ; \u25a0\u25a0'•;
Meeting;* Are Forbidden at Sebastopol.
SEBASTOPOL, July 7.— -The Chief of
Police has forbidden meetings /in. the
district ar. - has notified; the- people not
to congregate, as the troops? will fire
without warning should : it be neces
sary. . ''.'v;'; t y':V. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0: -\u25a0 . . -. ' '\u25a0>\u25a0'
Cruiner Arrive* at Theodonia.
THEODOSIA, July 7.— A - Russian
cruiser has arrived to 'protect the
town. The inhabitants, wtio fled while
the Kniaz Potemkine' was in port, are
returning.
INSURANCE MAN
TAKES HIS LIFE
Special Dispatch ~ to The-- Call.
SPOKANE, July 7.— Walking into the
second-hand store of Henry Weiser and
buying a revolver, H.C.; Boyd, assistant
general manager of the -Hamburg Bre
men Fire Insurance Company, 1 blew out
his brains while the proprietor- of ..the
store was making change for the i $1(7 bill
Boyd had given him to pay j for the re
volver. '.> . " \u25a0 '
Boyd has been in the insurance busi
ness in the Northwest for twenty-eight
years. He had just come from the ' Great
Northern westbound train, arriving in
Spokane early in the evening. His pe
culiar actions while on , tne train at
tracted attention and a deputy Sheriff was
waiting at the train to take him into
custody. Boyd eluded the deputy and
after putting his grips into a hotel bus,
he went up Washington street, leading to
the heart of the city. '\u25a0"":,\u25a0 '
A t few blocks fro m tne, station was a
second band store and into this he darted,
telling, the proprietor he wanted to. buy
a revolver, as somebody "had tried to
hold him up last night." ,\u25a0 The - pawn
broker handed him a loaded weapon for
which he ; asked $5. While Weiser's at
tention was diverted to the money drawer
Boyd placed the • muzzle' of the revolver
In his mouth and pulled the ' trigger.
Death was instantaneous. The. 'bullet
shattered his mouth and came out of the
top cf the head, and penetrated the ceil
ing almost above his. form..
While the body was awaiting the ar
rival of ; the police two women attempt
ed to rifle the pockets. A tall gaunt fe
male, .followed by an elder one; pushed
through the crowd. "I know that is my,
husband." said the first-named woman.
"lie said he was going to 'commit sui- r
cide." • ;;i.V .
The, woman walked around the body
and. then 'made 'an* attempt to search
Boyd's pockets, but. it was frustrated.
She disappeared in the crowd.
Boyd was -one of the largest . stock
holders in the Big Bend National Bank
of Davenport, Wash., the president of
which, C. C. May, was arrested to-day in
Boston on a -charge of. misappropriating
funds. His wife and daughter, who are
now in Los Angeles, have been notified.
His father, was a banker in Portland.
The cause for his suicide, if any exist
ed, is not known.
Boyd was well known in insurance cir
cles Sn this city, having been; in , the busi
ness here for j a number of years. He
was a member of several prominent' clubs.
Boyd was known to have been in ill
health for sometime and he worried
greatly on tfiat account. He traveled
around a great deal and left this city
for the north a few weeks ago ona busi
ness trip.; ,He was expected- home, in a
few days and the news of his deathcame
as a big surprise to his many friends
here.
Personally conducted excursion to "Old
Mexico" and the "Grand Canyon" July
1 0, 1905. Low rates, special service. The'
summer climate' of Old Mexico and :the
Grand Canyon cannot be excelled and
the points • of Interest are ; the best • the
world produces. ; The number; of .pas
sengers \u25a0 will be : limited. Reservations
should be made and arrangements com
pleted as' soon as .possible. Santa Fe
Ticket Office, 653 Market .street. San
Francisco. '..' ' '• ." ' '. ' ' •.. \u25a0*
YOUNTVILLEJLIQUOR ,
CLAIMS NEW VICTIM
TenthTVeteran in
'Dead as^Reisult of Over
' Indulgence.
Special Dispatch ,to \ The : Call.
YOUNTVILLE, 'July;?.— Another, victim
of . the .numerous v grogshops in Yount
ville: was : reported ..this ;\u25a0 morning In : the
death of , Simon ; Mayer, Ia: member, of \u25a0 the
.Veterans' Home in ( YountvHle.' v Mayer, had
been : reported ? from* the ' Home -.for
several', days" arid ' presumably ,. had been*
drinking \u25a0 heavily. : This f morning \he 'was
founds ••'dead in /' Lajsaloon^belonging-'L ajsaloon^belonging- ' to
/Pete; i Guillaume." '-.- Since J'Jariuary.j 1; of
this year ten -members, of .the Home have
died C from ; disabilities; /directly:; resulting
from excessive alcoholism;;'. Three of \u25a0 this :
' number • met ; deaths jwhlle* intoxi
cated^V One; was brought ;to^thetHome*in'
a. " dying (condition » by the", attaches i of
salcon ; in V Youn tvllle. £ One d led i beside 1 a "{
saloon InVthe open r roadway. and .two were
taken". dead ' 'from* Yountvllle salo6h"s.Tv t ;f
It is hardly evlncirigthe proper spirit
of justice to? hang7a'man'wlthout : a, fair
trial,': and -thlsiis rjust exactly^^what a
boycott is— punishment, without a trial*
; N. % : V.. \u25a0 July,, 7.— The \ returns from
. the % first* month i during , which? the t new*; stock
transfer {\u25a0 tax . has It been -\u25a0 in < operation v indicate
an 5 annual (revenue J of : $5,000,000. v which "is
greater ; than even 'the -~ most'; sanguine advo
cates of the law expected. A ,'. v . ;
BODY OF JONES
AT CHERBOURG
CHERBOURG. July 7.— The funeral
train bearing the body of Admiral Paul
Jones and 500 American sailors and
marines arrived here from Paris at
7:30 o'clock this morning. ' An enor
mous crowd surrounded the railroad
station and witnessed the removal of
the body to a mortuary chapeK erected
on the wharf "of '-the American" steam
ship line. — Ie chapel was beautifully
decorated with palms, flags and es
cutcheons from the naval arsenal.
: The American Consul. H. J. E.'Haine
viile, and many French officers took
part in the ceremonies. The American
sailors and marines were drawn up in
battle front facing the Twenty-fifth
Regir.ient ' of French infantry. The
body was borne- between the saluting
\u25a0French and American forces to a cata
falque, where it was covered with flags
and flowers, the band of the* United
States flagship Brooklyn; playing , the
national' anthem. The townspeople
then defiled before the coffin, respect
fully uncovering as they.dld.'so.. .-.
The ceremony of transferring the
body of the admiral to the Brooklyn
.will take place -at noon to-morrow and
the squadron will sail at 5 o'clock in
the evening.
A marine named Rogers belonging to
the United States cruiser Chattanooga.
died of nephritis last night and was
buried to-day in the Municipal Hos
pital Cemetery.
PARIS, July 7.— General Horace
Porter left Paris to-day for Cherbourg,
.where he took passage for New York
on the steamship Deutschland. .A
number of officials and friends accom
panied the general to the train and
gave him a notable expression of es-.
teem on the . termination of _ his long
service as Embassador to France.
SAVE THE LIVES
OF ENTOMBED CREW
Tugs Succeed in Raising the
French Submarine Which
Sank Thursday.
PARIS, July 7. — The Minister of
Marine announced this, evening that
the combined efforts of French and
German salvage tugs succeeded this
afternoon in bringing' to the surface
the; submarine boat «Farfadat. which
sank Thursday morning at. the entrance
to .the' port < of Sldi , Abdallah. Tunis. ;
-Water, provisions and • fresh air were
supplied to the members of the encased
crew, who are alive. \ Tne submarine
was being slowly towed Into shallow
water ; when some -of- the.%.;cables
snapped,- the boat remaining suspended
in a perpendicular position. - Efforts are
being; madesto fix grappling irons. An
Italian * tug has arrived to aid in , the
rescue. .
' 'M.-Thomsen,- the Minister, of Marine,
left " ; Paris : to-day for -Blzert.t Tunis, to
investigate' the cause of the sinking of
the submarine. \u0084_ - V- \u25a0';- -
ELEVEN MENDROWTSED , ;
IN RAPIDS OF RIVER
Boat Cap»i*e» With Crew Sent Out to
Break a Log Jam In WU-~. ,
, '..';\u25a0:\u25a0; COO»lln,.\ - T /
CHIPPEWA FALLS. Wis.. July^7.— A_i
"accident* occurred ; to-day at; Little Falls
dam,! , by which -j eleven! men', lost t their
lives'' by * drowning ?- They /are: 'Louis
Gokey, ' Saul- Brachett, .-Max Billard, \ Ola
Home, Andrew Cagnon; Oscar, BowquesC
Bert - Larrjv Byron ;- Ferguson^ -~; Adolph
Toutantr Patrick' Leidan- and Joe Per
lonquin.' •-' -. ; . ; ; f" : »
,'h'A. crew jof j.twenty-f our_ 'men ' had been
ordered \by ; the ~i Chippewa; Lumber ; and
Boom! Company.; to \u25a0 brealc a", log . jam*;, be f .
law i the '}\u25a0 falls.' ;"A * crew,:'of : fifteen^ rfceri
star te"d : In ; * an, overloaded >" boat; fdr^the
center; of -the stream, and- asUhe^boat
touclied^theiloweriend'of -the'jaihet'.ireQ
men* jumpedjand? landed^ saf ely^.dn^the
ldgsX; The 'other.' twelve, however.^wer'S
carried swiftly^:away,into.the^wild'rap
ids^^where^theiboat: capsized,'' thrbwingf
alii Into ; the'water."; ' They were ' all'good
Vwinimersr; but; the^wat'er. was jtoo swift
and 'ohly/one^ succeeded * Inisavlng"; him"
self.^ , He ;was a seventeen-year-old'boyi'
Eddie Martin.-' SSSfIsfiSBfeHHHMF
TWO OF THE RUSSIAN SHIPS INTERNED AT MANILA. WHOSE CREWS ARE
REPORTED TO BE IN SULLEN MOOD AND IN SYMPATHY WITH THE
MUTINEERS OF THE BLACK SEA FLEET.
CONGRESSMAN
NOW ON TRIAL
PORTLAND. July 7.— The trial of Con
gressman John N. Williamson, Dr. Van
Gessner, Marlon Bigga and. others,
charged with conspiring to defraud . the
Government of its public , domain, was
begun in the United States Court here to
day. The case proceeded with, remark
able celerity, the jury, being, secured and
the opening arguments made in time to
allow the examination of one witness be
fore court adjourned. .
United ' States District Attorney Heney
stated in his opening argument .that the
Government proposed to show that "Wil
liamson and the other defendants had en
tered Into a conspiracy to suborn 100 per
sons, and cause them illegally to obtain
from the Government valuable land In
Eastern Oregon.
" H. S. Wilson, attorney for the" defend
ants, asserted that there had been no
coi-splracy. He stated that Williamson
and Gessner are in the cattle raising bUßi
ness and that in order to secure - pastur
age for their stock they had offered to
advance the money to settlers 'to come
into the country and take up claims.
Campbell Duncan, the first •witness for
the Government, stated that he had been
told by Marion Biggs that Gessner
wanted the land and if he would go on to
a claim and secure "the patent to it. Wil
liamson and Gessner would advance the
necessary money, in. the neighborhood of
$400, and that when the claim was pat
ented they would pay him $300 for his
claim.
Duncan testified that he had agreed and
that Williamson and Gessner selected the
land, advanced the money and that he
gave a mortgage on It for $400 and when
the claim came to, pa tent they paid him
in the neighborhood of $100.
PHILADELPHIA, July 7.— George G.
Pierre, Chief of the Bureau of City Property.
resigned to-day at the request of Mayor Wea
ver. The resignation will take effect at once.
EIGHT
jginger |||tores
IN OAW I? Jtv/vnf vslov'vf •"¥
SIO Stockton St. ij I i/^di
57 6 Valencia St. m&lSrflhSr •33 S. Second SJ.
Look for the Singer Sign
when in need of a Sewing Machine or Supplies.
Needles for all makes of Sewing Machines
Sewing Machines Rented or Exchanged
STRIKERS AGAIN
SHOW ACTIVITY
CHICAGO, July 7.— Alarmed over tho
large number of desertions from their
ranks and the increasing demoralization
among their members the department
store drivers have decided to resume
picketing to-morrow at all of the de
partment stores involved In the strike.
The union's entire force, comprising over
600 men. will be required to do picket
duty. The plan was brought to the at
tention of the teamsters' Joint, council
to-night and received the formal ratifica
tion of that body.
Not since President Roosevelt's visit
has picketing to a&y noticeable extent
been In effect. Some mystery Is
posed to surround the exact purpose of
the picketing revival. Union leaders .were
not disposed to discuss the plan at
length. Some said the pickets were to
be posted to discover how many strikers
were returning to work.
The first places to be surrounded. It Is
<>aid, will be the State-street department
stores. V
Skates.
If you want ekatrs you go to a ak&ta stars.
When you want frames why not come to a
frame store? That feellnjr of uncertainty i»
not here— our style and way of framing dif
ferent—exact, trne. and our knowledge of th«
frame business at your disposal. San bora.
Vail & Co.. "41 Market street. •
De Younffs Vlsltlnsr la Paris.
PARIS, July 7.— -Mr*. M. H. de Young,
Charles and the Misses de Totinsr. of
San Francisco are visiting In -Paris.
DETROIT. Mich.. Joly 7.— A deal has t>eea
closed for the construction her* on the sit*
of the present Russell House on Woodward
avenue and Cadillac square of a $2,000,000 tea
story hotel. Th» hotel will be built by th« es
tate of the late Senator J. S. McAllllin.
DARLINGTON. S. C. July 7— Tha Dar
lington Trust Company closed Us doors to
day because of inability to realise on paper
held by tha bank. The company has larx* do
posits and a capital of $120,000.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
DAUGHTER ILL
AT PORTLAND
Sovernor and Mrs. Pardee
Are Called to. Bedside of
Child Who Has Pneumonia
POSTPONES INSPECTION
Visit to Kings Eiver Canyon
Prevented by Departure of
Chief Executive for Oregon
OAKLAND, July 7.— Governor George
C. Pardee and Mrs. Pardee, who returned
from Portland to attend the reception of
Secretary of War Taft, departed sud
denly for the northern city this evening
on account of the serious Illness there o^
their second daughter, Madelaine.
News was received by Governor and
Mrs. Pardee to-day that their daughter
was ill with pneumonia and they lost no
time in-cancelling their engagements here
"and making preparations for their de
parture this evening.
Miss Madelaine Pardee and her sister
have been in Portland since the opening
of the Lewis and Clark Exposition. They
are accompanied by their aunt, Miss
Pennaman. who is a sister of Mrs. Par
dee. It was Miss Pennaman. who tele
graphed the news of the Illness to-day.
It was the intention of the Governor
to go to Fresno to-morrow to accompany
other officials to the Kings River Canyon
on an official visit. The fact that he
cannot now make the trip will not pre
vent the other members of the party
from making the Inspection, and Gover
nor Pardee will go later.
TWO UNHAPPY WIVES
• PLEAD FOR FREEDOM
Mrs. Mary Louisa Ryder and
Mrs. Blanche Nevin Ask
for Divorces.
OAKLAND, July 7.— The failure of
William D. Ryder to keep" his prom
ises to reform has caused his wife,
Marie Louise Ryder, to file a second
euit for divorce. She alleges extreme
cruelty and recites many Incidents of
alleged ill-treatment.
They were married in April of last
year and less than three months aft
erward,-the wife asserts, her husband
became abusive. He swore at her,
struck her in the face, threw her out
of bed and down the stairs, told her
he hated her '"worse than poison" and
acted generally in a manner that
caused her to fear to live with him.
Mrs. Blanche Nevin has sued C. H.
Kevin, a brakeman. for divorce, alleg
ing- cruelty. One charge is that he up
braided her for going to a Sunday-school
pJcnic, causing her great mental an
guish.
Hardly a month passed after their
marriage in U97, Mrs. Nevin says, that
her husband did not curse her and
otherwise treat her in 'a cruel and in
human manner, on three •occasions he
exhibited a pistol, she alteges, and
threatened to end her life. He gave her
but $10 a month to support herself and
their child, ehe says.
OUTI.VG FOR CATHOLICS.
OAKLAND. July 7.— The parishioners
of St. Francis de Sales Church and
their friends will enjoy their annual
outing Wednesday. July IS. They will
go to El Cair.po on the steamer H. J.
Corcoran, which has been chartered for
the purpose The committees having
the arrangements in charge follow:
Reception— Fey. Father McSwwney (chair
man), C. F. ChUholm. George Clark. J. Co*k
l*y. N. J. Collins, L>. Crwley. E. Dolan, C.
TJolan. C. DougtTy, C. Fteweger. E. Fitzger
aJd, N. Gallagher. J. E. Gl'.rr.our, M. Guthrle,
r. X.*Hanrat£ii. W. Heafly, E. W. Hogan.
P. Hth««, Thorcas Joyce. J. Keller. J. Ken
ney, J. Lvnpiiu?. J. L&montasue. S. Uahoney,
R. Mcntgomeiy. L* Moriarty, B. McFadden,
P. J. Ryan, M. Fpencer. E. W. Starratt. C.
J. Twoßwy. W. B. Pirn.
Press — P. J. Rytr.. P. N". Hanrahan, D.
Crowlt-y. J. £• Gilnsore. W. S. Pirn.
Music — J. .Kellfr, .Joseph Kenney,' C. J.
Twomy.
Prize* — N. Galla*b*r. j. Lamping. C. J.
Twota^y. C Cbifbolm, J. Coak!<*y, M. Spencer.
G&mes — lU-v. William Cantwell (chairman),
ThoißAa Jcyce. 8. Ma.hor.i-). J. Ccakicy, M.
Gathrie, J. S. Gilmour.
P. N. Hanrahan will be the floor
manager. •"**
SLAVS WILL GIVE PICNIC.
OAKLAND, July 7. — The United
Slavonic Society will give its second
annual picnic at Satro Park, Fruitvale,
next Sunday ' and a large number of
prizes have been offered to winners of
games and contests. The officers of
the society are: Past president, P.
Kipfch; president,- M. Marcovich; vice
president, N. Jjuras; second vice presi
,djeat,TL Volvoda; . financial secretary,
J. Boskovieh; recording secretary, P.
Kneg-o; treasurer, N. Glumac; - marshal,
O. Bosnjak; conductor, G. Rigjesich;
trustees, P. Kisich, T. Vlatcovich,' B.
'Haidlch; committee for picnic,;- M.
Medin. A. Voivoda, P. Holub.
PROFESSOR i:\TERTAIXS.
BERKELEY. July 7. — Professor Hugo
K. Schilling of the German department
of the university entertained a party
of officers from the German cruiser
Falke last night, the guests including
Captain Behnke, Lieutenant Schroeter
end L'-eu tenant Arzmann.
Professor Schilling recently visited
the cruiser and was accorded courtesies
of a special character by the ship's
officers The Falke has Just come from
South American waters and stopped 'at
San Francisco on her "way to Alaska.
ACCUSE YOUXG MOTHER.*
OAKLAND, July 7. — Anna Anderson,
an unfortunate young' woman, who
abandoned her infant In a cellar- at
1221 Linden street just after Its birth,
has been formally accused of the of
fense. The complaint against the suf
fering mother has been filed, it is ex
plained by the police, that Judicial In
quiry may -be given the case.
In view of the piteous circumstances
there has been no disposition mani
fested to prosecute Miss Anderson. ' It
was thought best to settle .the matter
by a' court proceeding.
IMPItOVK TELEPHONE SERVICE.
HAYWARDS. July 7. — Improvements
are being made in the telephone ser
vice at Hay wards and they are rapidly
Hearing completion. Poles forty-five
feet high are being placed on Castro
street and one-third of a mile of cable
will be Installed. ' Other Improvements
are being made and many farmers .near
Mount Eden have become subscribers.
WOMEN IN* EClT.— Oakland, July 7.— Mrs.
il. G. Atwater to-day filed suit against Mat
tie M. Taylor to compel tho laitf-r to deed to
her .the house and lot . at C5l Thirty-Eighth
ttreet. £he alleges thattae defendant agreed
to deed the houM for services rendered by Mrs.
Atwater.
REV. D. E. POTTER GOES JV WORK
IN YARDS AS ENGINE WIPER.
Wants to Experience
Lot of Railroad
Jylan.
W/ll Lodge and Eat
Wit ere Laborers
~r •
Hopes He Can Reach
Them Spiritually
the Better.
OAKLAND, July 7.— That he may fa
miliarize himself with the trials, tribu
lations and temptations of the vast
army of railroad men in Oakland,
Rev. Dwignt E. Potter, pastor of the ]
Union Street Presbyterian Church, to
night began work as an ordinary engine 1
wiper in the West . uaklanu railroad
yards. Attired in blue, overalls and with
a bunch of waste in his hand, Mr. Potter
quietly crawled under a hot, dirty loco
motive and set upon his Irksome task.
The pastor's church is located in the
West Oakland district, not far from the
yards of the Southern Pacific Company
and the many large manufacturing estab
lishments. His sympathies have always
been with the men who work with their
bands, and his ambition has been to bene
fit them In any way that lay in his power.
He wants to work and live with the rail
road men, whom he wishes to reach in
a spiritual way and to come into intimate
contact with them in pursuit of his so
ciological studies.
Application was made by Mr. Potter to
Division Superintendent Scott for a job
in the railroad yards. It took some little
correspondence between the division eu
perintendent and General Superintendent
Palmer, but the order- for the employment
of the minister as an ordinary working
man was finally issued. It was Mr. Pot
ter's desire that he be permitted to -work
in every department for a short time, and
he chose the very humble, position of en
gine wiper to begin with. He asked, that
he be given just exactly the treatment
that would be accorded the newest and
greenest hand on the road. The young
preacher was given just what he asked
for and was told to report on the night
shift for duty. ••»
He proceeded energetically with his
work, crawling over and around the big
locomotives that brought the evening
trains off the road, until he was hot,
dysty, dirty and thoroughly tired. But
the enthusiastic young minister did not
falter and despite tne unusual character
ol the weather, that tried older and more
seasoned men, he remained with his shift
all through the night.
The i' pastor did ' not \\ return to his own
bed early this morning- He 'had hired, a
small rcom in .. a West • Oakland ; lodging
house that is the home "of : many 1 of the
laboring men - who . are -employed -in the
West Oakland yards. He deslres-that his
experience should' be. tnorough. His mid
night luncheon was carried in "a small
basket, and' when he ate It -sat' on the
side -of the engine pit In the round house.
His breakfast was eaten in a email res
taurant that is frequented by the rail
road ' men. '"-\u25a0;\u25a0 \u25a0 -
Close association with workingmen - Is
not n«w to Mr. Potter. For some months
he has been living In a .odging house,
eating at a small restaurant, and coming
in dally communication with the men who
work on the railroad. Now he proposes
to work with them, and share their daily
tcft.' The young minister will' work his
way through the yards, in every depart
ment where unskilled or partly skilled
labor is required. He will learn to be a
switchman, how to work in the car re
pair department, how. to beat out the up
holstered seats and the fancy carpets of
the Pullman sleepers, and how It' feels to
be the "green man" in all departments.
Said Mr. Potter to-day:
§£I have, already been working through
the railroad yards for some time, and I
have found the men who play so"import
ant a part in the affairs of the country
as the railroad operatives to be sympa
thetic,' earnest and sincere. Some of the
best friends I have are among the rail
road men, and now I propose to see just
exactly what their dally toil is like. I
want to know about their daily life, their
trials and troubles, and so I have de
cided to wcrk with them as long as I
can remain upon this coast. I shall be
compelled to go East shortly, and so the
development of my plan has been
hastened a little.
"I originally expected to go to Sacra
mento and seek employment in the shops
there incognito, but this was thwarted
by the hastening of my departure for the
East. I shall now work through the va
rious departments in , West Oakland as a
green hand, and try to rind out just what
it is like -to 'break in* for the railroad
service. There is a Email army of rail
road men In Oakland,* and if there is any
chance I propose to reach' them."
J EECO3IES INSANE
Edward Tye, Friend of No
torious Criminals, Is Now
a Maniac.
OAKLAND. July 7 Edward Tye,
who is only 42 years old, but from
his white hair and beard and many
infirmities, looks to be at least four
score, lies at the Receiving Hospital
awaiting 'examination for insanity. \u25a0 He
Is a mental and physical wreck from
the excessive use of : drugs and long
confinements. in prisons.
Tye began ; his career of .crime early
In youth and he was soon known to' the
police of many cities as^a clever sneak
thief and morphine and opium fiend.
During his career he met. many.* of .the
notorious criminals of the day, such as
Black. Bart, Jimmy Hope and; others,
and with a silly grin he boasts' of their
acquaintance as he converses with call
ers?. He has been an inmate . of : the
County Infirmary for the last three
years.," * -.*
LARGE REAL ESTATE DEAL.
BERKELEY. ; July /-7.— A ; large deal
in- unimproved - land ? was 'consummated
to-day ' when , the" LevUston ; property of
250 -acres wasiSQld^to sfour; Berkeley
men. The amount paid for,, the land ap
proximated $50^00.% It lies a'mtle and a
half ,north..of Berkeley. . .
. The syndicate. which has bought ;the
property Includes Dr. W.tW.-Underhlll;
J. C. Ford. H. B. Griffith and \u25a0 Professor
"Bernard "B.Maybcck. ' ' •
\u25a0 \u25a0 • ....\u25a0*\u25a0.\u25a0"\u25a0.- \u25a0•\u25a0 :\u25a0• \u25a0-\u25a0 . ' \u25a0..\u25a0.;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•.'\u25a0.\u25a0..\u25a0"•\u25a0 \u25a0•'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0
THE^ SAN FRANCISGO GALIJ, S ATURDA^^ULY S, 1 905 ;
OAKLAND MINISTER WHO HAS SECURED EMPLOYMENT AS AN 'ENGINE
- WIPEK IN THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC SHOPS AT WEST OAKLAND IN OR
ti ,~ :l»EXl TO, FAMILIARISE. WITH CONDITIONS OF RAILROAD MEN. *\u25a0\u25a0'\u0084 • :
WILL SUPPORT
HOME INDUSTRY
Redwood Improvement Club
Asks San Mateo County
Citizens. to Buy Local Goods
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. July 7.— The Im
provement Club of- this city, encouraged
already by a large measure of success in
its campaign among business men and
merchants, has outlined an. extensive
plan for the promotion "of Redwood City
interests. The members* of the club are
giving time and money' in their endeavor
and they are calling upon citizens here
and residents generally, of San Mateo
County to patronize, industries that -are
now nourishing in the county. The cry
of the club is to. patronize whatever is
manufactured or raised In the county.
In circulating this appeal the promo
tion committee has made It. very clear
that San Mateo produces a wide variety
of products and that, within, lts,^borders
are a great many manufacturing indus
tries. A house to . house canvass t Is • to
be made in behalf of home industry and
enterprise. In addition" to this the Im
provement Club intends, to' seek the resi
dence of new settlers and /to urge. the
subdivision of large . tracts of land that
the county may be generally more pros
perous. „ \ '\u25a0'... ' -, '-..., ;.
SOCIALISTS XOT SATISFIED.
OAKLAND, July. 7. — Mayor Mott to
day renewed the permit. issued by for*
mer Mayor Olney. to; the Socialist party,
to conduct street meetings Wednesday
and Saturady ' nights at Tenth "street
and Broadway. ' The Socialists refused
to accept the permit and demanded that
they be allowed to speak at any time on
the streets' within the fire limits and
at City Hall ; Park. ;The Mayor declined
to grant this permission. ,-..''
After refusing the Mayor's permit the
Socialists decided to hold a meeting to
night at Tenth, street and -Broadway,
where William McDevltt, editor of the
Socialist newspaper, addressed \ a
crowd. : McDevitt was arrested and was
bailed out 'ln $2a. ," : ; '
WOMAN'S SAVINGS STOLEN.
' OAKLAND, July ; 7.— The mysterious
theft of a satchel containing $235 from
Mrs. G. L/ Mason,' a 'hairdresser at 924
Seventh street, hasVglven the police
trouble.; Mrs.'- Mason's - parlors were
broken, into during^ her" temporary ab
sencd in broad \u25a0 daylight, "a trunk 'In
which . the .coin v. was hidden : was
smashed and . the \ money and satchel
taken." .The ; thief -^ got away -without
leaving. a trace; as ;tojhls ; ldentity. . /
The stolen, money; represented Mrs.'
Mason's savings for a long time. ..She
said she lost every, dollar, she pos
sessed. - \u25a0 : . - '-[>-;\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 •'.•\u25a0 :\. - - "'\u25a0.
Jk* i STIC. RITES s OVER- DEAD.
OAKLAND, r July y' 7.— The ;•; • strange
combination' ;. ofj .mystic 'Buddhist ; rites
and American *muslc 'and customs," was
seen" at -the ; f uneraljof ; Mrs.;Uri\;Kan
zaki.t a ;young ; Jap&nese • matron, of "' 704
Twenty-sixth : street.*; this afternoon ; at
a local j* crematory." ; The *- ancient ', cus
tom of, placing the body^of ; the dead on
a. funeral ; pyre ; and "so fconsumlngi'the
remains -\u25a0 gave V. place f to ' . the 7- modern
science f of cremation.^ •", 2=^^^^?
... \u25a0 ALLOWANCE FOR CHILDREN.— OakIand,
July 7.— Juflye Ogden to-day rranted- a' family
allowance of $20 a menth to the' two 'children
of Thomas' F.- Garrlty,-.f ormerly \ a well \u25a0 known
attorney.-. The money le to be taken from. the
siuali'cvtatt ,le{t> toy.? Oarrlty. ',*'.'- •- •. ''-\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
FOREST FIRE
ADD TO HEAT
Fierce Flames Near Grass
Valley Destroy Much Prop
erty and Threaten Mines
GRASS VALLEY, July 7.— A1l the heat
records of years were broken here to
day when the thermometer registered 109
in the shade before noon. In compari
tively cool places \u25a0 -it stood at \u25a0 10Q this
afternoon at 3 o'clock. - The heat was so
fierce that: it expanded and kinked the
rails of .the j Nevada' County Traction
Company's electric line from this city, to
Nevada City. No sunstrokes have ; been
reported, though . out-of-door laborers
were compelled to quit work j during the
hottest part of the day.
Heat is augmented by fierce forest, fires
raging south and west of town. Mining
men are .becoming ; anxious over, the
spread of | the flames,: which are being
driven toward the city by a hot 'breeze
this, evening^ Several mine . owners \u25a0 are
preparing to send out a -large force of
men to fight the fire if It comes closer
to-night, as it is creeping up toward the
valuable." mining plants .on Osborn Hill.
. AUBURN, July 7.— The atmosphere is
torrid from field and forest fires within
a "'. radius of two miles * of ' here: . One de
structive fire started near Lotus, El Do
rado-County; burned over ten Smiles of
ground. Another In the Wolf district In
:*: * C6unty burned ' over. ' many
Vanches in a radius of several miles. Two
fires . near Lincoln during v the last week
did much damage. A large ' field - fire be
low Rocklin and several minor ones 'have
been reported. ; The • high . ; temperature
makes fighting fire . hard and exhausting
work. ,The thermometer here this after
noon read 110 in the shade. V v
FIRE DT2«»TROYS BRIDGE.
Army of Men Figlitlnff ,- Flames Near
' r r* ReiMHag.
- RKDDING,-; July 7. —Considerable
damago'is being done by' forest fires on
the east side of the river, and the fires
havfe now spread until they cover.: an
area\ of "t" t many, square? miles. ... Ripened
crops have'betn swept; from "the fields."
Fences, a large barn near Old Diggings
and the Churn. Creek -bridge have been
burned. "J It Is f wired that the fires'wlll
sweep the, wholo | country. s _ Hundreds
of men have been fighting the flames for
hours. ..\u25a0\u25a0" "y'Ti? : ~' 7-v ;: . ' \u25a0'.'. v "" "; «-
VISITORS' FIGHT FIRE.
Giioxts : of Rlohurdsbn Springs Strus
. \u25a0 Kl« ; With -Flames.'. .\u25a0
, CHICO, July 7.— Fire: swept over sev
eral^hundred acresCof, mountain ;gra.z-
Ing : ground ' In" the .vicinity , of < Richard?
son Sprl ngs j and .burned "*. to the; road f i n
front of ?the ; hotel and other, buildings.
Guests joined- in the fight -to : sav"<a pTop
erty, and to-nlghttheiflre'lri; the.yicin-
Xty of .tha* hotel : is .-urider/control^* but
: it continues ! to work "eastward*, into' the
heavily timbered territory. 1 1. .
STOCKMEN ; HEAVY LOSERS.
Flames .Destroy; Acres of Pasturage
South of San Jose.
; SAN- JOSE, . July \7.— Another fire Ms
raging : on ' the " Webber ' Ranch In V;Las
Animas - 'about :; fifteen ;,; miles
south *of }. this ' city," : and ; ; is -^ spreading
over . a'i large }. area*.' of : pasture' ahds hay^
land. •;\u25a0 \u25a0"'* The * flre.; ; which -\u25a0 started ?• yester-'
day j near ithe f Silver * Creek % mines t was
checkedlatelastnightbya large army
MOTT BEGINS
TO REORGANIZE
Relieves Street Department
Force Preparatory . to the
New Plan of Permanency
ESQUIRES STEADY WORK
Project Contemplates Im
proving the Highways of
; Oakland' on jlasting Basis
OAKLAND, July 7.— ln furtherance of
the" Mayor's.' plans : for reorganization of
the street department, the "patch" gapg:
has been retired from active service. This
gang has . been \u25a0\u25a0, composed of \ a crew of,
men who have : been .utilized in making
the temporary repairs about town. Small
breaks,' chuckholes and the like have
been attended to by this force. In the
scheme of reorganization the Mayor will
establish a permanent crew in each ward
of. the city, to be kept steadily at work
on gutters, streets and crosswalks.
Street cleaning and repair work will
be carried on under a system and division
of the city into" districts.. The Mayor
says lie is confident \u25a0\u25a0 that the new ar
rangement will result iir permanent im
provements of the streets' condition at
little, If any, additional cost of main
tenance. ..
The release, of the "patch" gang, a.
mere incident in' the progress of new con
ditions at the city hall, has caused a
wail of despair to go up from many
persons who have tried to use the de
partments .for the purpose of settling
their political obligations.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
ASKS FOR JURY TRIAL. — Oakland, July 7.
J. B. Oeborne a Socialist orator, charged with
unlawfully using the public streets as a forum.
will in trlecJ by a jury in the Police Court on
July 21. .Austin Lewis will defend Osbcrne.
AGED WOMAN DEAD.— Oakland. July 7.—
Mrs. Caroline Story, a .pioreer of California,
died this morning: at htar.honw, 1228 Chestnut
street. She was 76 years old and had lived in
Oakland for 59 years. The funeral will be held
Sunday
DROPS KEG ON FOOT. — Oakland. July ".—
J. Muir. a teamster who lives at Fourth and
Franklin streets, dropped a keg of bfeer weigh
ins 400 pounds on his foot to-day and escaped
with only a few bruises. At the Receiving
Hospital, where he was treated, it was con
sidered remarkable that no bones were broken.
DIVER'S PLUNGE FATAL.— Oakland. July
7. — Charles Kelton, IS " years old. died this
afternoon at the East Bay Sanitarium, his
neck having been broken while he was diving
at the Alameda baths on the Fourth of July.
Kelton was the son of C. L- Kelton. a letter
carrier, residing at 211 Telegraph avenue.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OakIand- July. 7.—
The following marriage licenses were Issued
to-day: David Mo3essohn. 22. Portland, and
Minnie Lerr.er, 18, Alameda: William F. Ste
venson. 21, Oakland, ana Jennie Tregonlng.
20, San Jose; Thomas Kern. 29. Oakland, and
Lena Gobert. 30. Santa Rosa; Walter A. Cross
man;'24.iSan Jose, and Winifred Huste<L.2l.
Oakland; Jud.i A. Mitchell. 29, and Mayme
Peirano, 2t>, both of San Francisco; Gustave
Zeh. 23, NellieA. Brldseman.-23. both of
Frultvale. • - \u25a0•*- • . ' -!.-,-\u25a0\u25a0•.?-
SECRETLY MARRlKD.— Oakland. July «.—
Tne friend's of Miss Ruby ' Helen' Strathern of
Dimondana Harry Barton. Gottshall of Berke
ley were. surprii«d by lha announcement to- Jay
that the popular young couple were married.
Without advielnr their families or friends they
went* to San Bafael several week«/ ago and
were made husband and wife by the Rev. A. E.
Ulrich of the ' First Methodist Church of that
«ity. They went to their respective homes
without making any comment andr their frlenas
thought -they had been to San Francesco on a
pleasure trip. Now,' however, the secret Is out
and they are receiving the congratulations of
their friends. : . \u25a0 ' '
OLD SOL KXJOYS HIMSELF.
OAKLAND, July 7.— The thermometer
ranged from 90 to 100 degrees to-day,
giving the old-timers a chance to
cudgel their memories and to wipe
"their perspiring brows. The Icemen
worked overtime , and all of the usual
manifestations accompanying a "hot
spell" were In evidence.
BODY OF A MISSIXG MAN
FOUND IN" SACHAMEXTO RIVER
Recovery of Reiiaatna Clears Up Mys
tery Scrroundlngr Disappearance
of, Former State Employe.
"SACRAMENTO, July 7^— The body .of
John O. Funston. a prominent citizen
of Sacramento, .was found floating .In
tho Sacramento River, this morning at
the foot of N street. He had been
missing for several days. . Funston was
foreman of the bookbindery at the
State printing office for a number , of
years. .He was a native of California,
aged 49 years.
OIL T BARGE, LEFT TO ITS FATE
BY THE STEAMER SAX JOSE
Vessel .Unable to Release Tow Stranded
.on Bar iv I he Feather
Hlver.
.MARYSVILLE. July 7.— The oil barge
of the dredger; Sutter Is in a seriou*
predicament In the Feather River,
where it was left stranded upon a sand
bar- by \the river steamer San Jose.
The San Jose went up on a bar, and
four days elapsed before she was float
eo.^ She could not release the oil barge.
A large force of men is now employed
pumping-<the oil V into small : tanks so
that it can be floated.
SWEPT FROM THEIR FEET
BY THE WATERS OF TRINITY
Thrilling Experience of ' Three Men
- Who Tried to Ford Swift Stream '
Near Reddlnsr. ;
... REDDING, "July 7.— 1. •H. Hess of San
Francisco, F. D. j Mullen of St. V -Louls
and J. B. Agasses of Oakland had a
thrilling experience in the Trinity
River -yesterday. While fording # the
river the men were swept down a quar
ter-of •J'a-.'mlle.; Agasaes was nearly
drowned.\ ,'"/
SAN FRANCISCAN'S SEARCH .
' FOR HEALTH ENDS IN DEATH
AUBURNi July \,7.—M. Farral, .^who
came '% here '•; from : San Francisco \ a': few
days ago for, his health, was found^dead
In bed i this, morning. : 'A' Coroner"s v jury
rendered : a verdict declaring his death
due to natural causes. , >"\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0
:of •' firefighters. ;. Between • six . and ten
thousand acres werejburned over. . how
ever,'-before j the. fire; was stopped;
The ; fire.,.which - to T day ! broke
out . iii* the', timber ;; oh vjthe'j Webber
Ranch and Is . rapidly spreading south
west. f i Ranchers : from • the } Las _, An im as
and . San^FelipeTvalleys .and '• the^Coyoto
section - are;; fighting; the j flames. '•,:. The
house', on f the/ We.bber\ Ranch : wa3»'cri
dangered; several v times, % but « by^ the ef
forts ?of "a; large -force- of men^'t was'
saved. *,•; The ..burning , of 5 the I hay^a'nd
pasture j lands ; will, be ; a " heavy,; loss f to
the stockmen in the vicinity of the,
fire.*--" '";- '-I ... :" " . * -j \u25a0':'/\u25a0"\u25a0'
HEAT COMPELS
MEN TO QUIT
Mechanics of Marin County
Unable to Work Because
of the Bays of Old Sol
104- DEGREES IN SHADE
Carpenters and Painters and
Employes of Water Com
pany Laid Off During Spell
Special Dispatch to Th» Ckll.
SAN RAFAEL. July 7.— To-day the
thermometer registered 104 In the shade.
Owing to- the intense>*heat the water com
pany has laid j off many of its men, as
they could not stand the heat- Many or
the painters and carpenters also have
been compelled to lay off .their men.
Carpenters who attempted to work on
roofs this morning were nearly overcome
by the heat and had to quit after working
half an hour. At San Anselmo the ther
mometer ran ud to 110 and the carpenters
and men employed on outdoor work were
compelled to lay off. This la said to be
one of the warmest spells experienced
here for some time. The heat is Intense
throughout the county.
HOT DAY IX 'SUBURB.
Weather Observer Say« Thermometer
Registered 107 in Palo Alto.
PALO ALTO. July 7. — The official
Weather Observer reports that the
thermometer registered 107 degrees
here to-day". Only once In the thirteen
years a record has been kept have the
figures been above 100 and that was on
September 7 of last year, when 105 de
grees, was registered. ".. .'-\u25a0 .,,. ; ; -2
WANT SQUARE POLES
FIN PALO ALTO TOWN
Electric Light and Telephone
Companies Affected by Pro
; posed Ordinance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO, - July 7.— The town trus
tees last night gave first reading to an
ordinance that* reaulres all telephone,
telegraph and electric light poles to be
square, to conform to certain measure
ments, and to be painted green. . The
Sunset Telephone Company, which had
arranged to use round poles, has signified
its willingness to meet the requirements.
The ordinance will' make it necessary for
the telegraph and light companies to
change a number of poles and to hang
all wires. at least twenty-five feet from
the ground. ' ' .
PAI.6 ALTO YOUTH TAKES .;^\ 3 >' t '
,;\u25a0 JOOSE OF CARBOLIC :ACU>
Poinna Slay Cau«e the Death of Yaaus
Mao Who lias Been Despondent ' .
of Late. ......
PALO ALTO. July 7. — Grover Horr,
the young son of B. M. Horr. 's lyins
at the point of death from the effects
of carbolic acid taken with suicidal
intent. The youth had been despond
ent of late, but no real cause for his
act is known. _'*.*.\u25a0" ' .'
CALIFORNIA FEUIT
SOLI) IN THE EAST
Products of Golden State
Bring- Good Prices in Auc- <
tion Rooms.
SACRAMENTO, July. 7.— The Califor
nia , Fruit Distributors shipped thirty
cars of fresh fruit to the Eastern auc
tion-rooms to-day. Six cars were sold
in Cnicago to-day, and the prices wero
higher than at the last sale. Tragedy*
brought $1 25; BnrbAnks, 90 cent*;
Satsumas, So cents; St. Johns peaches.
60 cents to $1 10: early. Cm wfords. $1 33.
Three oars wore sold In Philadelphia.
The fruit came in. competition with the
first ' peaches from Georgia, which
brought good prices, some bringing as
high as $? 25 ' a box. Two cars from
Sacramento grossed $1306 and $1379 In
Philadelphia. Nineteen cars were sold
in New York to-day for the following
prices: Tracectys, $1: Burbanks. id
cents; \u25a0• peaches. 85 cents to $1.- The
Georgia peaches wer« also selling In
New York for. $1 to $1 75.
SCHOOL CHILDREN OF AUBURJT
. TO HAVE FREE PIO'IC GROUNDS
Recreation Association Organised to
Provide Pupils .With Many Sources -
-.•; - \u25a0.\u25a0•--.' of Pleasure.
AUBURN, July 7. — The Auburn Rec
reation Association was - incorporated
last night, with J.M. Francis. W. A.
Freeman; Joseph" Clegg, W. A. Arthur
and W. F. Jacobs directors. They pro
pose to fit up ffrete t picnic grounds with
Inclosed dance pavilion, a nn'e play
ground ajid a cemented swimming pool
for. the use of the pupils of tho schools.
Citizens have purchased thirteen and a
half acres half way between the upper
and the lower towns for a public park.
LI VES ; WITH SKULL r CRUSHED
AND BACK AXD LEG BROKEN
Victim of FrlKhtfnl Accident at Glad
j - atone Mine* Near. Reddlns, Snows ;
Remarkable Vitality.
REDDING, July 7.— Contrary to trfe
expectatidns of the physicians, Frank
Romelo.one of the victims of an ac
cident at i the Gladstone mine yester
day, continues to live, though his back
and les are broken' and his skull
crushed. : William r King, whose legs
were broken and crushed, will recover.
A :' cage descended on i the* men. who
were 'working at the bottom of the
shaft. : All that saved them from being
crushed^ to s a pulp was the legs on tho
bottom, of the cage.
MILL OWNERS jVRE" FATALLY '
HURT BY BOILER EXPLOSION
Two Men Are Blown Sixty
Feet, Receiving: Ininrie* That
'I: Will Cause Death. :
GOLDFIEI4D, July 7.— As the result
of §i ; boiler explosion to-day, J.h: Spik
ing and ..Taylor. Bayles, the : owners of
the" Spiking; Mill, were, thrown 'sixty
feet. 1 and 'fatally hurt. " : Spiking*s ' skull
was'crushed and^ he was badly. scalded.
Buyles ', suffered ;a - - fracture of both
, thigh f. . bones, ~ " his- •: arms ;^; were • . nearly
blown from his body and he was fright
fully, scalded : about the ' face. 1 The mill
is a 'total* wreck.' :
DANGER BY FIRE
IS MINIMIZED
Sausalito Secures Privilege
of Using the Kailroad Com
pany's Pumps and Mains
BOON TO TEE KESIDENTS
New- Arrangement, It Is Said,
Will Bring About a Seduc
tion of Insurance Bates
Special Dtawtch to Tt* CalL
SAUSALITO, July 7. — Tho danger from
fire in this town will at an early date be
minimized, especially In the business sec
tion and the residence section on the' bill
within a short distance from the main
street A short time ago Town Trustee
VT. J. Martin asked President A. W.
Foster of the North Shore Railroad Com
pany for permission for the town to con
nect Its salt water mains with the Nortn
Shore Railroad fire mains, which are
supplied by an electric pump with sale
water at the rate of SOOO gallons a min
ute, and the use of the pump in case of
fire. President Foster, with - his usual
generosity, granted the town the priv
ilege, the town to stand the expense of
making the connections.
There is no doubt that the town trus
tees will, at their meeting Monday nigbi.
accept Foster's kind offer and order the
connections made. The use of the electric
pump in case of fire means a great dear
to the business men of this place, as it
will affect the Insurance rates. Some of
the business men are paying as high as
JI 50. which Is very steep, and they ex
pect that their rates will be materially
reduced by the new arrangement.
Sausalito lately secured a plentiful
supply of electricity for lighting ana
power purposes at a 50 per cent reduction
from former rates and a night and dar
service. How to secure a plentiful supply
of water for domestic purposes, some
thing that Is greatly needed here. Is the
question now bothering the trustees.
ATTEMPTS TO BURN
HIMSELF TO DEATH
Marysville Prisoner Stuffs
Clothes With Paper and
Applies Match.
MARYSVILLE. July 7.-A demented
prisoner in the county jail this morning
tried to commit suicide and It was only
after a desperate battle that his plans
were frustrated. This morning Under
Sheriff Hank Lydan was attracted by
the loud cries of several prisoners in the
county jail and an immediate investiga
tion revealed a horrible sight.
"George Robinson, a colored ,maa. .had
made careful preparations to end his life
by setting fire to his clothing. To maka
his attempt doubly successful the prison
er had stuffed bis clothes full; of paper.
"When the^nder sheriff arrived he was
a mas? of names.
• Lydan immediately grappled with the
fellow,' but he fought like a wildcat, and
It was only after, a desperate battle that
the official succeeded to tearing the burn
ing clothes from Robinson and extin
guishing the flames. He was considerably
burned. in the attempt, however^' and the
prisoner was also scorched.
LIFE OF SHASTA MILLMAJT
Clll.-HKD OUT BY A BRAJI
Ho!»t]Bff Apparatus Give* Way and
Uuse Ple«-c of Thnher Falls on
I'afortuunte 31a n.
REDDING. July 7. — Louis Florin. on<a
of the members of the firm, of Florin
Bros., operating the flouring mill at
Fall River Mills, was crushed to death
this afternoon. Florin was assisting
carpenters in building an addition to>
-the mill, and was hoisting a biar beam
that wus'to be used as an upright in
the structnre. The gearing used In
hoisting the timber gave way and tho
huge team felt upon Florin, crushing
his life oat Instantly.
SITE FOR THE BIG BALAKLALA
S.tIKLTEB. LOCATKO IX KESXETT
i
Company Will llrrrt Its .\>tr Plant la
Part of Town Knona as West
ern * Addition.
REDDING, July 7.— The site for tho
big 10,000-ton smelter to be erected for
the treatment of the ores of the Balak
lala mine has been chosen. On Friday
the Balakiala Company purchased* from.
B. Golfnsky the Western Addition to
Kennett. known as Hera hard, and stated
that tho smelter would be erected there.
It will be only a Quarter of a mile from,
the mammoth smelter now almost com
pleted. Work will begin within a
month. \u25a0
AXXOIXCEMEYT OP WCDOHiG
" SURPRISES FRIEXD? OF COUPLE
Prominent Marysville Merchant Tens ot
Ills Marriage on July 3 to
Ml*« Rhetta Parker.
MARYSVILLE. July 7.— A surprise
was sprung on the many friends of
Chester L. Bowen. a prominent youn^r
merchant of this city, when his mar
rlacre to Miss Khetta Parker/daughter
of "Mr. and Mrs. M. W. Barker of Oak
land, was 'announced. The ceremony
was performed in Redwdod City on
Wednesday, July 5. by Rev. Wlnford
Kent. The bride Is a former resident of
this vici/Uty. . ' '
- NEW YORK. July 7.— Th# Hudson County
(N. J.y Board of Freeholders has adopted a
resolution directing the managers of the West
Shore Railroad ferries from Weehawken to
Manhattan ' and of the Bayonne and * Staten
Island : ferry to reduce the fare from five to
three cents. HRHHBHBMEBMHB
lien HEADACHE
— : r— s—l Positive It cured by
PADTTDO these little Pills.
vMill Ll\O They too relleTa Dis-
8881 .1.1 «\u25a0 tress from DT^pepsla. In-
Igyi ITTLL digestion and Too Hearty
S jlffp Eaticg; A pertect rem-
«•\u25a0\u25a0 J*7 e<JyXorDl2 ?»ie3S.S;anse».
W* P I LL Si Drotrslaess. . Bad Taste
§1 tm to tie Mouti. Ctoated
j^S^SaH Tongne. Pala la tHo Sid».
'^^^^^^ ITORFID LTVZR.- THey
regulate ttio Bowels, ij^irely yegitibie.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRKL
CARTERSl CUEE SICK fIEADAQIfi "
Bittle Genuine Must Bear
3 PILIS Fac-Slmfle Signafint .ALAMEDA TO CARRY MANY PASSENGERS
Oceanic Company's Liner
Will Sail To-Day for
Honolulu:
Schooner General Banning
Completes Long Voyage
From 3lexican Port.
Euns Short of Provisions, but
' Gets Xew Supply From
Passing Vessel.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Alair.eda, CaptaJn Dowdell. will sail at 11
o"clock this morninff for Honolulu with
& full cargo end many passengers. Among
the latter will be a number of prominent
Honolulu people. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur
Scott Browne, who will leave here on
the liner, are from London and are prom
inent In the smart set of the British
capital. They are making a tour of the
world.
The Alameda'a passengers will include
the following:
Mrs. F. E. Allen. Miss A. O. Ault. J. S.
>.r.jrus Bird. Arthur Scott Browne. Mrs.
Browne, Mrs. Caraes, W. R. Douglas. I S.
I>i:iinefaain. W. S. Dutton, Miss A. Dow, U.
M. Dow, C. Elschner. N. Grtrle, Mrs. Grelp.
John Eackett. Mrs. J. C. Henderson. Gerald
Hughes. WUIle Hughes, H. C. Morton. Mlsa
U. A. Eaglaud. R. G. Roberts, R. Shingle,
Ml«s B. AVllilams, Miss G. Williams, G.
Candy*. Mrg. L. Sandjs.
Hans Short of Provisions.
If It had not been for the good fortune of
meeting on the high seas the schooner Esther
Buhse. the crew of the schooner General Ban
ning, which arrived here yesterday after a
long trip from Mexico, would have been very
hungry. The Banning was fifty-eight days
coming from Manz&slllo, from which port 6he
brought CCC cedar logs. Contrary and light
winds were r«i>onsible for the B&nning's de
liberation. The voyage occupied so much
longer than had been anticipated that the food
pupply proved inadequate and was almost ex
hausted on July 3. when. In lataltude 39 north,
longitude 123 west, the schooner Esther Buhne,
which left here June 24 for Coos Bay. came
In eight. Frcm the Esther Buhne's well
ctdeked storeroom the commissary of the Gen
eral Banning was replenished and all hands
shook out the reefs that had been taken In
leather belts during the short-ration period
which preceded the appearance of the Esther
Buhne.
Anvil Sttll ]>aklnff.
The gasoline schooner Anvil returned yester
day from her cruise, and Is still leaking at the
rate of more than a foot an hour. Captain
Pillsbury. representing the underwriters, was
on board daring the cruise, but was unable to
locate the leak. The Anvil, upon her return
yesterday, was placed again on the drydock.
and another effort will be made to discover
where the water comes In.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Schooner Hono
lulu. fcs ier cent, and British chip Clipper
kyle. 7i> swr cent.
I.okc* Fonrojal Yard.
The bark Mohican, which arrived yesterday
from Honolulu with 21,550 bags of sugar, lost
her foi-eroyal yard on July 6, when about 100
miles west of this port, through the parting
of tie braces.
Water Front 2Vote*.
The Pacific Mall Company's liner San Jose
will sail to-day for Panama and way ports.
The Pacific Ccagt Steamship Company's lit
tle white liner Curacao will sail this morning
lor Mexico and way ports.
Captain Nontelon has succeeded Captain
Simpson as- master of the barkentine Chehalis,
which sailed yesterday for Seattle.
T|ie army transport Logan, outward bound,
arrived yesterday at Honolulu.
Tilt tuirk Kdward May, which arrived yes
t^rJay from Honolulu, brought 23,000 bags of
s=u£ar.
Tlie steamer Vanguard, which returned to
port the other day on account of losing her
propeller, sailed again yesterday for Eureka.
The army tranf^x>rt Sheridan arrived June
2C at Manila.
Chartered for Barley.
The British ship Annesley is chartered for
barley from this port to Europe at 23s Od; if
to a direct Dort. Is 3d less.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. July 7.
Ftmr Gualala, Kalnin, 30 hours from Eu
rtka.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 11 hours from
Point Arena.
Ptmr James S. Higgins. 15 hours from Fort
Bragg, bound south, called in to land pas
senirers.
tjtmr Prentiss, Ahlstrom, 23 hours from Eu
rekc.
Stmr Maggie. Corning. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Ariro. Crim, 2C hours from Eel River.
Hark Edward May, Hansen, 27 days from
Uakaweli.
Bark Mohican. Kelly, 26 days from Hono
lulu. ,
Schr Alumna, Gronberg, 5 days from Wll
laf >a .
Schr Anvil, Mason, from sea on trial trip.
Schr Berwick. Jacobsen. from Klamath
River, and lloeue River, via Eureka 40 hours.
Schr Ger.oral Banning, Bennewitz, OS days
from Hanzanillo.
Schr Orient, Saunders, S days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Mar-flower, Goodmansen, 5 day* from
Siuslaw River.
Schr Albert Meyer. Johnson. 8 day» from
Bellinzh&iZi.
CLEARED.
Thursday, July 6.
Etmr Eanta P.oea, Alexander, San Diego: P
CSS Co.
Ptmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, San Pedro; P C
S S Co. '
Friday. July 7.
' Stmr Corona, Gielow, Eureka; P C S S Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. July 6.
Etmr George Loomis. Seddon, Astoria.
Friday. July 7.
Ger stmr Theben, Richert. Seattle and Van- i
couver. !
Etmr Eureka, JessPn. Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, Eureka.
Etmr Maggie, Whitney, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, Cre«cent City. .
Stmr James S. Htegins, Higrgins. San Pedro.
Stmr Vanguard, Odland, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Monterey, etc.
Bktn Chehails, Montton. Seattle.
Bktn Planter, Meyer. Port Townsend.
Bark Fresno. Petterson, Port Gamble.
Stmr Asuncion. Bridgett. Port Harford.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 7. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NVi': velocity 6 miles per hour
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT REYES— Passed July 7—Four-mast
ed schr and a three-masted bark, bound south
COOS BAY — Arrived July 7 — Stmr Break
water, hence July 5.
S2ilud July 7— Stmr F. A. Kilburn, for A»
t< ria.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed July 7— Stmr Na- !
varro. for San Pedro.
I*ORT HARFORD— .Arrived July 6 — Stmr
Bonlta, hence July r». and sailed for San Pedro.
Arrived July 6 — Tug Liberty, towing barge
from Moro Bay. July 7-^tmr Whittier and
ttige Santa Paula, from Astoria.
LMPQUA — Arrived July 4— Schr Louise,
fr«<?n San Pedro.
>'»iilf-<J July s—Schr5 — Schr Lucy, for San Pedro.
Pll'fc'LAW — Arrived June 27 — Schr Bella,
hence June 1.
SANTA BARBARA-^Arrlved July 7— Stmr
Bonita, h«?nc« July 5; stmr State of California,
none* July C. • •
Sailed July 7 — Stmr Bonita. for San Pedro;
rtmr State of California, for San Francisco.
Arrivt-d July 7 — Stmr Norwood, hence July 0.
ASTORlA— Arrived July 7 — Ger ship Arthur
Kitger. from Hamburg; Btxnr Newport, frcm
Coos Bay, .
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 6— Stmr G.
C. Llnciauf-r. July 7 — Schr C. A. Thayer, -for
Ean Krancieco. ..
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 7—
Etmr *>ntra!ia. from Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE— SaiIed July 7— Stmrs Umatllla
and Nevadan. for San Francisco, . «•
EUREKA— SaiIed July 7— Stmr» Pomona
end North Fork, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed July 7— Schr Taurus.'
for Everett.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 7— Stmr Manda
lay. from Rpflondo; schr Beulah, from Asto
ria; stmr Shssta, bence July 6; stmr Roanoke.
bence July 5. .
Sailed July 7— Stmr Grace Dollar, for Port
Loe A r.- tie*.
l«;land ports.
MANlLA— Arrived June 27— U S stmr Sheri
dan, hence May 31.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 7— U B •tmr
Locan. bence Jane 30.
, EASTERN PORTS. .
KEW TORK— Arrived July 6— Br «tmr Low-
ther Castle, from Manila: Br bark Marlbor
ough Hill, from Liverpool.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TOKOHAMA — Arrived June 23 — Br stmr
Ferndene, from Portland. Ore.
COLON— Arrived July 6 — Stmr City of Sa
vannah, from New York.
Sailed July 6— Stmr AHlanca, for New York.
HONGKONG— SaiIed July s— Br stmr Tar
tar, for Yokohama.
SANTA ROSALIA — Sailed June 28 — Bktn
"Wrestler, for Grays Harbor.
Memoranda.
Per schr General Banning — Had light and
head winds the entire passage. On July 3. in
lat 39 N, long 129 XV, spoke schr Esther
Buhne. from San Francisco June 24, for Coos
Bay, who supplied us with some provisions.
Per bark Mohican — On July 6. 100 miles W
of San Francisco, carried away foreroyal yard,
caueed by braces parting.
CONCEPTION, July 0. — Swed stmr Tropic
has been surveyed at Talcahuano; finds bottom
set up, injury to boilers and derangement to
machinery.
Movement of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria... . July 8
Pomona Kumboldt July 8
Oarina Portland ;July 9
Dc-lNorte...* Crescent City (July 9
Tricolor Oyster Harbor July i*
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma July 9
Cascade Portland & Astoria ...July 9
Nome City... San Pedro July 9
Breakwater.. Coos Bay July 9
Arctic Huroboldt July 9
Sea Foam.... Mendocino & Pt. Arena July 9
Chehalls Grays Harbor July lt>
Coronado San Pedro July 10
Aberdeen San Pedro July 10
Nevadan Seattle July 10
R. D011ar.... San Pedro July 10
Vanguard.... Humboldt July 10
Korea China & Japan .. July 10
Hoanoke Han Pedro July 10
Eureka Humboldt July 10
Sierra Sydney & Way Forts. July r 10
Umatilia Puget Sound Ports jJuly 10
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. JJuly 10
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. lJuly 10
CJ. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor July 10
Newburg Grays Harbor IJuly 10
F. Leggett... San Pedro IJuly 11
Northland... Portland & Astoria. ... Juiy 11
Eiizabetb Coqullle River July 11
TUania Oyster Harbor July 11
Kedondp Portland & Astoria July 11
Corona... Humboldt JJuly 11
S.Barbara..". Seattle & Olympia (July 12
Argo Eel River Ports July 12
City Para.... : New York via Ancon'July 12
Acapulco \u25a0 New York via Ancon.jjuly 12
Pt. Arena • Mendocino & Pt. Arena|July 13
M. F. Plant.. Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordfJuly 13
Porno Point Arena & Albion. July 13
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports July IS
St. Paul Portland & Astoria July 13
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports July 14
Ammon Hamburg & Way Pts. July 14
Condor Iquique July 14
F. Kilburn... Portland & Way Ports. July 15
North Fork.. Humboldt ...'. July 10
Queen Puget Sound Ports July IB
Nebraskan... Honolulu & Kahulul.. July 17-
TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination. Sails. I Pier.
July 8. I
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor |12 m Pier 20
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pnrPier 2
M. F. Plant j Coos Bay \u0084.. 4 pm|Pler 11
Pt. Arena., j Point Arena' 4 pm I Pier 2
Curacao j Mexican Ports 10 amlPler 11
Aurelia .Astoria & Portland 5 pmiPier 27
San Jose.... N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Alaraeda... Honolulu : H amjPier 7
Manchuria. China & Japan 1 pmjpier 40
Argo Eel River Ports... 3 pmiPler 2
July 8.
Brooklyn... Los Angeles Ports. 0 am I Pier 2
Coos Bay... Newport & Way.. 9 ami Pier 11
City Pnebla PugetSound Ports. 11 amlPier »
S. Rosa...- San Diero & Way. 9 ami Pier 11
July 10.
Aberdeen... Grays via Astoria spm Pier 1G
Coronado... Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 10
H. Dollar. . . St. Michael pier 20
Roanoke... Portland & Way... 2pm Pier 5
Rainier.,-.- Seattle & Bellnghm 2 pm Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt l:3opPler 9
N Fork.... "Humboldt 9 am;Fier 20
July 11. i
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 27
NcmeCity.- Seattle & Tacoma Pier 10
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
C. Nelson... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm'Pier 20
Cascade Astoria & Portland 5 pm'Pier 2
July 12. |
S Barbara. Loa Angeles Ports. 1 pmjPier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 amsPier S
Elizabeth.. CoquiUe River ....| spm|Pier 2J
R. Dollar... Seattle ..; 4 pm;Pler 20
Vanguard.. Humboldt 5 pm|Pier 27
Arctic Humboldt 8 ara.l'ier 2
Sea Foam.- Point Arena 4 pmjPler 2
July 13.
Centralla. -- Grays Harbor 12 mlPier 10
San Pedro. . Grays Harbor .... 10 am'Pl«r 2
Corona Humboldt l:3op!Pler 3
State of Cal San D!ego & Way. 0 am|Pler 11
80nita..... San Pedro & Way. 0 amlPier 11
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul.. 3 pmlPier 25
G Lindaucr Grays Harbor .... 2 pmiPier 10
N'ewburg... Grays Harbor .... 2 pmlPier 10
July 14. i*
Redondo. .. Astoria & Portland 5 pmiPier 2
Umatilia... Puget Sound Ports 11 ami Pier 9
.Inly 10. j
St. Paul.... Aetorla & .Portland|ll ami Pier 24
July 17. I
F. Kilburn. Portland & Way...| 5 pm|Pier 27
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.
0hi0..". .' Nome & St. Michael. .| July 8
Santa Clara.. Valdez &. Seward | July 8
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. IJuly 10
Edith V'aldcz & Seward..... .(July 10.
Tampleo Nome & St. Michael. [July 10
Portland Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. | July 10
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports, i July 11
Oty Seattle.. Skagway & Way PorU.JJuly H
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. July 15
Santa Ana... Reward & Way Ports. July 1(J
Oregon Nome & St. Michael. July. 18
Jefferson Skagway & Way Porte. J^uly 18
Senator Nome : & St. Michael.. | July i't>
San, Sloon nod Tide.
United -States Coast and Geodetic ' Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low AVatera
; .at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
I Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent . . » . ,\u25a0
NOTE: — The hljth and . low waters* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) • about 25
; minutes later than at Fort Point;; the height
i of tide U the same at both places.- ; ,'
SATURDAY. JULY 8. . :. V.
| Sun rises •.......'...........\u25a0....4:55
Sun sets .'...V...V..". ;..... .;....7:35
; Moon- net* ........11:38 p. m.
C iTlmel iTlme ITlroel Time
S. f.Pt. Ft. f Ft. Ft.
? |H W| |L W H W1 -\u25a0. L W
8 3:13 .4.5 0:33 0.81 4:34 5.4 10:40 2 0
\u25a00 4:35 4.210:30 1.3 5:19 5.4 11:42 1«
10 5:56 4.0 11:30 l.Si 6:08 5.6..... '
L.W HW |L,W -HW ""
11 0:40 I.C 7:28 4.0 12:2» 2.2 7:00 6 8
12 1:51 0.4 8:48 4.0 1:25 : 2.5 7:50 6.9
13 2:46—0.1 0:53 4.2 2:20 : 2.7 8:30 fl.l
14 3:37 —0.5 10:49 . 4.4 3:14 .2.8 g;28 r 6.2
• NOTE — In the : above exposition of : the ; tides
the early morning ! tides are given - in . the \u25a0 left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In, the order of occurrence as to time; 'the
\u25a0\u25a0.-•- " . . - - - ........ . • ::_,...;;\u25a0 - . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, - SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1905:
GASOLINE SCHOONER ANVIL, IN '
WHOSE HULL THERE IS A MYS
TERIOUS LEAK.
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there ar« but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given \u25a0by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch • Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, 'Cal..
July 7. 1905.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
BUHGLAE MAKES BIG
HAUL FKOM SALOON
Resort on O'Farrell Street
and Other Places lie ward
Housebreakers Well.
A burglar made a rich haul in the
saloon of William H. Rice,. 129^O'Far
rell street, early yesterday morning.
The saloon was closed by th« night
bartender about 4:30 o'clock and' when
it was opened a few hours later it, was
discovered that the cash register, had
been forced open and. that $384 in coin,
a lady's- solitaire diamond ring, .valued
at $30, and a lady's scarf pin in the
shape of a leaf with a small diamond
in the center, valued at $20, had been
stolen. ; ,
The police were notified and Captain
Burnett detailed Detectives Matheson
and Mulcahy on the case. After mak
ing an investigation they camo to the
conclusion that the thief had hidden
himself in the saloon before it was
closed by the night bartender and had
made his. escape through a rear win
dow, which he had opened from the
inside. He left a piece of iron about
fourteen inches, long. . which he had
used as a "jimmy," to force open the
cash register.
The rooms of Dr. J. M. Cowen and
Mrs. M. Miller in the Lambourne House,
420 Eddy street, were entered by a bur
glar on Thursday afternoon. From Dr.
Cowen's room a gold watch and chain,
valued at $40; a solitaire diamond stud,
valued at $80: a. solid gold ring with
Masonic emblem, valued at $16, and a
pair of cuff buttons, valued at $2, were
stolen. From Mrs. Miller's room a gold
bar pin, a silver-backed hand mirror,
a comb, a clothes brush, a silver cover
of a powder box and a gold pin, alto
gether of the value of $42, were stolen.
No clew has as yet been obtained to the
identity pt the burglar.
Mrs. la. Brun. 1458, Twenty-fifth ave
nue, Fruitvale, reported to the police
yesterday that on | July 1 . a gold ring
set with diamonds, '.a gold • ring set
with one diamond; a plain gold wedding
ring and a ring set with white stonea
were stolen from her house. She sus
pects a Japanese who worked at her
house that day.. Mrs. Kate McCann;
27SG Pine street, reported that Son July
3 a gold watch and chain, .valued at $55,
were stolen from a table in; her bed
room. She also. -suspects a Japanese
who was working at the house that
day.
\u25a0"" \u25a0 m m
CUSTOMS SRAHCHRnS -ARI'!
\u25a0'.-Oli TWITTED BY CHINESK
Siiius-xled SllkM Offrrcd for Sale on the
SteumxhlpAlnnchurin by Mem- '
ber of.tlie Cro»v.
Cu^torns sf-n'ri-hers who explored the
hold of the * steamship*: Mancnurta for
sinupgled Koous;i,nd/f ailed to find any
were very mucli chagrined yesterday
when Informed thfit' they >] had beer-,
"fccoopcd." Tills unwelcome discovery
was made yesterday by a Custom-hous.j
clerk, who was lieing \u25a0 shown through
the vessel with his; w^fe. While- in the
vicinity of tho steward'K Quarters a Chi
nese- member; of ' r 'the *crew. npproiiched
tho lady, ji nd of>red to | sell ' her sor.e
silk handkerchiefs and shawls. :
H*r husband " reported the mattor to
the authoritiis, and a couple of Benrch
ers were sent :' on : board. ". They found
concealed between twoXnrattresses ; in
tne; crew's; quarters eight dozen silk
handKerchiefs, ten jsllk snawls ? and a
silk T waist. Th*; goods, will be confis
cated. ;-,.-.:'"\u25a0 .:'j \u25a0 v"V:' ; -'
Hnnd ; Ilnisgnge and Trunk*
at handy savings. . How. about a suit case?
One never [ . comes - ,: amiss— moat •'' folks make
short tr!r>s . at one : ; time "or another/ V A ; good
roomy y English bag eeeme "\u25a0 to k grow deeper aa
you . open \u25a0; lt— the price? , Well, . we \u25a0 buy » trunks
and leather goods - in . carload lots . and sell ac
cordingly. Sanborn, Vail , & : Co. ,';\u25a0 741 Market
street. ' -'\u25a0 •-•:'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0 «...
Ploneem Elect i Officers.
The Society of^TCallfornia Pioneers
yesterday elected; the "following "officers
selected by the nominating committee:
• )\u25a0: President, sW. W. • Hobart ; vice" presidents—
Robert ;. Thompson,"? Ban • Francisco; 'James sB.
Hutchlnaon, \u25a0- San :\u25a0,. Francisco: - Cornelius ? Colej
Lob "Angeles; i Socrates .- Huff, % San r~ Leandro-
John » :-"; Q. Packard. > : Marysvllle; treasurer.
Charles ; J. - Deerlng: marshal, *.W. s ti.\ Duncan;
directorsT-John vMa Burnett,? Aylett R.'^ Cotton;
Silas ; M. Collina, Henry; tt." Byrne.VTltus Hale,
Harry iT. < Gibbs," Robert R." Russ,' : George \u25a0. H:
Luchsinger.^Asa-H.'Phelps.':' -\u25a0• ;-"~ : \u25a0; *r • -
Weather Repart. •„•
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO,'. July 7—5; p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for previous day:
Cincinnati ......88-00, Philadelphia .....84-6G
Boston ... . ..7S-«2|New York ...... 76-68
Jacksonville !>O-7<> Washington .....7S-74
St. Louis .... 80-«4iPlttsburg \u25a0'..:-. 88-72
Chicago .....8-M56 Honolulu. H. T...75-7O
New Orleans .-...82-701
SAN FRANCISCO ....98-58 "
COAST RECORD.
• g - 2 \u25a0 £ \u25a0 a w 1)
\u25a0 5". \u25a0Hg Ha <•=; - -jo" . 3
.•3 3g 33 sfti&i g " >^
STATIONS. %'. «§« \u25a0 P-o- 5° S
:\u25a0. . 2-\u25a02 -\u25a0 z \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 : 7 \u25a0'\u25a0 %
\u25a0 | a -3' ,:\u25a0 \u25a0- :\u25a0 :
Baker 30.16 80 48 .N~ Clear
Carson .20.02 *0$ 4t5 , NW Clear .00
Eureka ..... .29.92 .72' M W Clear \u25a0* .00
Fresno .......29.76 110 ' 78 XV Clear .00
S.E. Farallon.29.6C .«2 BO NW Clear .00
Flagstaff ....29.74 02 4« 'NW Clear .00
Independence .20.80 102 74 NE Clear .00
L. Anireles. . . .29.7S 8(5 58 W Clear .00
Mt. TRmalpals29.9o 99 80 -W. Clear .00
North Head ..30.18 58 C 2 NW Clear .00
Pho:nlx .....29.58 114 76 SW" 'Clear \u25a0 .(n»
Pt. Reyes Lt. .29.80 91 6« N Clear .ot>
Pocatello . . . .20.90 =88 30" NW *Clear % .00
Portland .....30.CS 84 50 NW Clear .00
Red Uluff f. . .29.80 110 82 N Clear .00
Roieburg 29.9« i 92 50 N . Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.70 10« i 74 :NW Clear .00
Salt Lake ...29.92 83 C 2 -XV Clear .00
San Franc!sco.29.S2' 98 58 W Clear .(X)
S. L. Obispo-.29.78 100 50 ,N Clear'-. .00
San Diego . ..29. 50 72 02 SW Pt Cldy .00
Seattle ..30.20 70 CO- NW Clear- i .00
Spokane ... .'.30.16 84 54 N. V Clear .00
Tatoosh .....30.22 5S 50 .N Clear .00
Walla Wa11a.. 30. 12 90 GO S Clear .00
Winnemucca .30.02 92 54 NE Clear ' .00
Yuma ...;...20.62 108 : 74 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Warm weather continues in California north
of the Tehachapi. but 'conditions are becoming
more favorable for -a. fall in temperature. -Aft
ernoon temperatures .in the great vall;y range
from 10G to 110 Cegrees. In the San Francisco
Bay section temperatures of US and 89 de
grees are reDorted, which -Is the warmest
weather on .record Uurinz July. ..
Forecast made at ; San Francisco . for thirty
hours ending midnight July S. 1805: 'j j jr.: r.
, San Franclscot and; vicinity — Fair.; Saturday,
cooler; - brisk west winds in the afternoon and
possibly fog by night. \u25a0 -• . - ~
Los . Angelas and vicinity — Fair Saturday:
light west winds. - .
Sacramento Valley— Fair Saturday, with
slowly moderating temperature, cooler Satur
day;, Ucht north winds.
San Joaquin Valley— Fair Saturday, con
tinued* warm: light north wlnds.^iS*^^
Coast— Fair Saturday; fresh west winds.
Nevada — Fair Saturday: continued warm.
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- A. G. McADIE, pistrict Forecaster.
Frtilt and AVeHtlier Bulletin.
; For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120 th meridian, San Francisco. July 7: .
\u25a0" X" SJ - 5J o <
STATIONS. - - .'S § « g F '""\u25a0\u25a0 " *& -Tf ?
' \u25a0 • 3 ' 3 \u25a0 ' " •
Cloveraie ....... 115 74 ..i Clear .... . :
Colusa ....107 7.T .. Clear ......
Eureka "2 52 ... Clear \u25a0 XV . Lt
Fresno ..... 110 7S .'. Clear W «
Hanfcrd ...:.... 112 «.2 .. Clear ..
HolllsU-r ......... 112 «5 ..Clear XV ..
Independence .'..102 .74 .. .Clear " N Lt
Llvcrmore 113 \u25a0 «3 .: - . . Clear ......
Los Angeles .... 80 58 .. Clear XV 6
Merced .....". ...113 ;«fi .. Clear .... ..
Napa ....:. 110' 58 .. Clear S
Newcastle ......HI .SO ... Clear. XV ..
Newman....'. ..'..113 07 .. Clear ....- ..
Palermo". ... . ...113 ". 72 .. Clear . N ..
Portervllle ....:. 110 «H .. Clear' NE' ..
Red Bluff ..'..:.. 110 52.. Cl«ar N 10
Riverside .......lat 5G .. Clear ......
Sacramento 10ft 74 .. Clear NW : 8
'San Diego .... ... Srt <»2 .. Pt Cldy.SW B
San Francisco .. OS 6« ..Clear W 28
San Lv s Obispo 100 50 . . Clear N Lt
Santa Rosa .....109 58 ..Clear .... ..
Stockton '........10(1 74 ..Clear .'... ..
. WEATHER AND .CROP CONDITIONS. ," -
, Colusa— Apricot drying finished; grapes doing
well. \u25a0 \u25a0 . • -.- • \u25a0-. ' \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. ;-? \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.-...'..
Holllster— Hottest day for many years; fruit
ripening feet.
Stockton — Apricot . drying - about completed;
dried product, above average for ; quality.' * ;
\u25a0:.Napa — Grain : ripening fact; good crop.,
• Palermo — Hot drying north wind. .
. Livermore — Apricots badly damaged b/Tieat.
Riverside — Hot weather killing , black scale.
Hanfbrd — Grain crop good; grape, prospect
excellent.' \u0084.- . .\u25a0 \u0084 ' y
Cloverdale— Grapes are badly '"damaged by.
extreme heat. . - • -) \u25a0
;\u25a0 Newman— Damage by grasshoppers \u25a0 etlll in
creasing., i \u25a0 ; \u25a0' ,-• >- • •
. A. G. McADIE. District Forcaster.
Her. E*wny a Mnsterpiece.
When the good ship Manchuria sails
to-day it will bear, at least one happy
girl, Mlsb May Kehoe ,^of Washington,
D. C, who has just graduated "from
college and of whom the Washington
Post said" that her essay was a master
piece. She is to travel in all" countries
for at least five years'and Is to prepare
a book Ton sociological, problems,- to be
entitled ;• The " Higher. : Development,"
the ; objectr of : her father, being toren
courage'herto accomplish, at- least this
one object in! a creditable \u25a0way, and un
til that i is 'accomplished she /will hot . go
into society, nor. aim at anything else
.whatsoever.;,';^; ;';•\u25a0 - >\u25a0_ J• - -rt-'rT \u25a0\u25a0;.'-"-. k-'.'j^^ %
Miss ; Kehoe} is descended from a long
ancestral line -of authors,' is : ambitious,
and Vith-;all of her mature: life before
herfand;ample means behind ihef- there
is no reason" why she "should ; not) meet
with a 4a 4 fair 'degree '."of success.;., She now
has as ' her* traveling; 7 guesUMiss* Alice
Sl ater;Jwlth;'whomj she; will? tour Cali
fornia on her," return with
the Taft party.; / _ r ; ; ' -
Take No Action In" Gbebel Matter.
:The board *pt<\ trustees of' the Leland
Stanford ; JrJ, University met lat t he": of - ;
\u25a0'flees of Treasurer! Charle~s\G.V Lathrop
in"i the? Union" Trust" building:. yesterday
afternoon. -J Because •: so t mariy,Yof * : the
members 'were labsen 1 1 in otheri States
I i there i was } not ia? quorum presentn t ?and
1.n0',-buBinesspcouldiberconducted.."^The
Goebel i matter ?t| discussed - inf or
mally-t AtltheHnext'meeUngr.'rbfAther
board,'; August 3,7,'s definite action .will be
taken ln-the affair. : ' /:; > •
P \u25a0 Try,: the^United- States Laundry. ; 1004
Market'street.'' Telephone] South i 420. \u25a0 • v
\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0:•-.\u25a0
GOOD VOLUME
OF BUSINESS
Inventories for First Six
Months of the Year Show
Brisk Trade Conditions
CEOP EEPOETS CONFLICT
Customary indsummer Quiet
Is Noted by the" Dealers,
bur Prices iiemain Steady
NEW YORK, July 7. — R. G. Dun - &
Co.'s Iweekly -""r-eview of trade to-mor
row/will say:
." "Customary . quiet commercial condi
tions '\u25a0' at 'midsummer were augmented
by ; the interruption of a holiday, ex
cept v that warm 'weather gave Impetus
to the'diitributlon of seasonable wear
ing apparel, sporting goods and outing
supplies. Widely varying reports are
received* regarding the crop situation,
prices rising higher than .would be the
case If manipulation were less vigorous
and" exports are adversely affected. Sev
eral '- threatened . labor controversies
have been" averted by agreement upon
wage' scales -for > another year, and
building' operations are unusually
brisk for the season. Inventories show
a good volume of "business for the first
six months of the" year and still greater
activity Is expected j in the, last half.
Railway earnings in' June were 6.5 per
cent.- larger than last " year's," but for
eign commerce at this, port' for the last
week shows a loss of • $4167 in exports
and ;a ( decrease of $488,750 in Imports,
as compared with 1904.
"Increased activity is noted in the
hide market." the emanating
chiefly from one prominent interest and
confined mainly to native steers of
later salting. Foreign hides are dull.
Salesmen • have returned 'from Western
trips bringing liberal orders for spring
shoes and buyers in the Boston market
are operating freely on initial con
tracts. *
"Failures this week In the United
States are 160 against 249 last week,
195 the preceding week and 20S the cor
responding week last year. Failures
In Canada number 21 against 16 last
week, .29 the preceding^ week and 12
last year." '-
Bradstreet's to-morrow will say:
| "Holiday ihlluences, irregular weath
er and crop reports arid seasonable
shut downs for repairs and inventories
have tended to limlithe turnover of the
week. Wool ' has strenghened. Labor
is well employed and the signing of
the new tin plate scale removes the
only important threatening feature in
Industrial lines, which report no. im
portant' strikes occurring. Railway
earnings continue large, the gain in
June being . 6 per cent, with May net
earnings exceeding last year by 8.5 per
cent, and the fiscal year will show a
gain of 7 per cent.
"Business failures In the United
States for the week ended July 6 are
far below the normal for -this time of
the year, being only. 127, against 186
last week and 172 in the like week of
1904.
. '.'in Canada failures, this week num
ber 29, as : against33 last week and 14
in this week a year ago.
."Wheat, including flour, exports for
the week ended July 6 are 1,050,644
bushels, against 756,041 last week and
878,910 this week last ; year." '\u25a0>'; -
IMPORTANT GATHERING OF
PROHIBITIONISTS AT NAPA
Ant l-Wlilsiky People to Hold Scries of
: MeetinsH and Lay Cornerstone
of Their New Temple.
Prohibitionists from - different parts
of the State will gather at Napa to
morrow to lay plans for the campaign
of 1906. During the week the corner
stone of the greater Prohibition, Tem
ple will be laid.
Rev. J." H. Woertendyke of Riverside
County, Wiley J.,Phillips, editor. of the
California Voice and Life. Professor A.
Dobbins and ; wife.' Rev. W.- H. Harris
of Kings County, Rev. J. N. Webb of
Fresno, W. O. Clark of Amador, Dr. J.
L. Rollins of Colfax and Professor
Meads. H. A. Johnson, E. C. Arnold, I*
Blaney and M. A. Thompson, ; all of
Oakland,: and a score of others from
near-by towns will be present.
Dr. E. L. Tiffany, who has been in
California for several months, will open
the ; meetings with three addresses to
morrow, speaking in the Methodist
church in. the morning.
* On- Monday evening there will be a
reception to the .visitors. Tuesday aft
ernoon : the ..cornerstone • will be - laid,
Rev. J.H., W. Williams of San Fran
cisco'delivering the sermon. Tuesday
evening J.- M. • Glass will speak ; and
others. on Wednesday and . Thursday.
Wednesday- afternoon tne Woman's
Christian Temperance Union will fur
nish a programme: and Thursday aft
ernoon the -Good Templars will offer
one. •
During, the sessions important papers
will be' read and ' questions discussed,
Dr. Rollins, E. C. Arnold ; and M. L.
Blaney; presenting special subjects. Dr.
E. L; Tiffany .will instruct a class in
'the Venango plan of work and adver
tising.;public; meetings.; Prohibition
newspapers * and speakers. . Socialism
and-other;, tiuestiohs that ;; mustue, met
by the up-to-date -1 prohibition propa
gandist will be handled by able in
structors.i ; . r
Special rates have been secured from
the \u25a0\u25a0railroads, : delegates or visitors tak
ing certificates or receipts, from the
agents- when purchasing their tickets.
BUTLER SMITH'S WIDOW
GIVEN FAMILY ALLOWANCE
Out of Fund Set A«lde She Will Main-
tain Herself and Little
; Stepchildren^' ;.: y;
The petition, of -Mrs.' Emily M.. Smith,
widow " of the ;'; late : Butler ; , Smith,"; the
wealthy' real -estate: dealer, died
last winter,' shortly after \u25a0 his marriage,"
for 'fa ' family .'allowance for her.» two
stepchildren 5 , from ".the." estate; of^heir
mother,- the late » Mrs. v E. , RJ W. Smith,
was denied by. Judge Troutt yesterday.
The-mother7of the children ; left- a large
'estate/iWhichlwlll be inherited by them.
?: ? The ;Union/Trust Company, guardian
of the'estatesof the children, contended
that'any allowance, toMthe: children ; at
this itirhe^ should^be' from JtheTestate of
their late father.^ Thecourt'upheld this
'contention f- and f, allowed^ Mrs. '\[ Smith ; a
lump 7 allo wan ceTof ; $175* a; month, % from
which she will maintain herself and the
children.^" : : I " V - ' „; - \u25a0--\u25a0...' •\u25a0-.-....! >\u25a0*,
«::- Shortly after, Butler. ; Smith's ;. ..death
there was a" contest between* the. widow
and^otheri relatives of s the d.eceased'.f or
' the "custody* of ,Uhe r personaT and iestates
bfrfthefchlldren^. -Mrs/ Smith's ; little
"stepdau'shter expressed such , a i prefer^
ence for her,' however,*! that the • claims
of * the % other;' relatives .were hot con
sidered. ' ' : .^^^^^^^SSbßSßb
EJECTED i. FROM \u25a0' TRAIN.— F." W. \u25a0 Jackson
filed I suit I yesterday : against t the > Southern Pa
cific ; Company \u25a0: to recover.' $10.000 1 damages | for,
alleged i unlawful : ejection \u25a0\u25a0 from fa' train. Jack
son says the I conductor put • him 'off. the train at <
Sun Fernando, claiming I that |he was | riding, on
a < sea lped ;.; ticket. <:u He i asserts /\u25a0\u25a0 that he .-; pur*
chased .- the ticket I from .a ; legally, authorized :
agent of the company. : ; •. ' '' :
BANK PRESIDENT
UNDER ARREST
Charles May. of Washington
; State Taken Into Custody
by Authorities of Boston
TEOUBLE OVEIt FUNDS
Accused of Misappropriating
Money of institution That
Closed About a Year Ago
BOSTON, July 7.— Charles C. May, for
merly. president of the Big Bend Na
tional Bank of Davenport, Wash., was
arrested lin this city '\u25a0\u25a0 to-day as a fugi
tive from justice. It was stated at the
Federal building that May Is under in-,
dictment.in the State of Washington on
the charge of misappropriating fund 3 or
the Big Bend Bank. \
May was arraigned before United States
Commissioner Hale and held in $5000 ball
for. a further hearing. Bonds were not
furnished. It" ; is understood the charge
against "May in Davenport is that of
misappropriating $28,500 from the bank
which went into the hands of a receiver
about a year ago. It is alleged that May
loaned the. bank's money to a mining
company of which he was treasurer .with
out the consent of the directors. After
his arrest May said - that he had not
expected criminal action, as he had been
carrying 'on business in Boston and New
York for a year unmolested and he had
been paying . his indebtedness.
SPOKANE, Wash., July 7.— Charles C.
May, formerly president of the Big Bend
National Bank at Davenport, Wash., was
for several years one of the leading
business men of Lincoln County. He be
came interested in a scheme to drive a
tunnel over a mile long into Palmer
mountain in Okanogan County, ' cutting
many veins of ore: and a large portion of
the bank's resources were diverted to
this enterprise. The bank was closed I>y
order of the Comptroller on November
26, 1904. Eugene ,T. Wilson , being named
as receiver. The bank's resources at that
time were rated at about $575,000.
President May was in the East when
the . bank failed and has remained there
since that time. It is said at Davenport
that his whereabouts had been known all
the time and lt was. not thought he was
making any effort at concealment.
JAMESTOWN. N. V., July 7.— Fire to-day
at Panama destroyed tb« business section. The
loss is estimated at $100,000. -
Pears'
Do you know the most
luxurious bath in the world?
Have you used Pears 1
- *-\u25a0 \u25a0 '
Sold merer the world. . .
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
Smuseum of anatomy;
\ p[ Q}k 1051 H1KIET ST. b«t. eth*;ta.S.F.C»L A
\ nr Th«Lar<«st 4n*'offllealHßj««alat]ia T
A ' ~m » World. WsUncun or any ooatraeted A
9 JJVI i3i& 41»s»s» positively c«red by tb< oldest W
h lg»l SpedaUst en the Coast. E«.My«an.
t ' i!^?fi CR - JDSOAN-DISEASES C* MEM J
Bjt^SP" Coonoltatlon freo »ad Strictly pr{r«t» T
i | I jSw^H TrfMiuent jwrtun^llj or br l«:er. A A
\u25a0\u25a0 M 7*jS f*H>— Gtrtin »nrj cw nnd«r tXtn. . V
I\ P ffl \u25a0 119 Vrt " *"• B«ok,Psaii,o»«i>KY«i > J
° n it "*r.niACE. iiaiuu> tszs. ta r
I *9 'J' »»l'i»bis book br o<a.) jk
DR. JTOIWAN ACO..loSlHarfe»t St-.S.F. 9
RAILWAY TRAyKU
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlburnn Ferry. Foot of Slairfcet Street. -
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX nA FA El.
WEEK UAYS— 7:3O, B.CO, »:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:33. 2:30, 4.00. 5:10, 6:30, 8:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30. p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O. 8:00. 9:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. in.;
1:30. 2:30. .1:40. 8:10.-6:30. 7:23. 11:30 p. m.
' SAN RAFAEI. TO MAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK IiAYS— «:O3. 6:50. 7:35. 7:30, 8:20;
9:20. - 11:13 a. m.; l-':5O. rJ:O0. 3:40. 0:00,
6:20. 5:25. ts:2o p. m. Saturdays — Extra
' trip at 1:45 p--m. ;
SUNDAYS— 6:SO. 7:33. 3:20. 0:20. 11:13 a. m.;
1:45. 8:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 5:23. 6:20. 7:30.
7:58 p. m. tEicfpt Saturdays.
L*ave , j In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. I May 1, 1003. | San Fran.
~\Veek j Sun- I Destlna- I Pun- J Week
Days. I days." f ' tlon. L day^J I**y»-
7-30 a 7 :45 a"t :43 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
;>;-„->• 9:10 a 0:10*
9:00 a 0:30 a Irnacla 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
4 :00 p •\u25a0 - - "
B:10p 0:10 p • 6:20 p 7:20 p
7:20 p
" 8:50 p
7:30 a! 7:.{Oa| . Napa. i l»:10a| »:10a
4:00 pt 5:10 p| I 6:20 p| «:2Op
7 :30 a T ::tu a 7:45 a 7:43 a
8:COa B:fiOa Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 i> 9:::0 a Petaluma B:20 p «:20 p
5:10p 2:. TOp . 7:20p 7:20 p
•-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0. S:1Op Santa Rosa. 3:50 p .
7 :30 a 1 :3O a ilO:2t> a 10:20 a
S:K>a R:0-la " Fulton. |7:20p B:2O p
2:30 p ?:30 p ' I 8:50 p 7:20 p
\u25a0 Windsor.'
7:30 a 7:30 a HeaKisburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
liytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p G«ys*rvlile, 7:20 p 7:20 p
-: - . - Cloverdal*. . ,
7-Soa| 7:".0 a! Hopland 110:20 ajlO:2O a
" 2 :SO p| g:HOpl and Uklah. I 7:20 p| 7:20 p
x I ~ I WJlllts. j j
7:30 »f 7:30 nl ..- Sntrwood. I 7:2»p( 7:20 r>
S-OOaj S:oOa|: fSuernevlile and il0:20 a|lo:2oa
?::oti'.2:.'!ii!: 1 ramj. Vacation. | K:50p|.6:20p
ft:oOai K-oOnl fl:4oa 8:40 a
5-10 pi l>:."i)aj • Sonoma. «:00 p 6:20p
• -I T,:\o p( Glen Ellen. f 8:5 Op
7-30 al 7:30 al . -- . 10:20 a 10:20 a
- 2:SO pj'2:3Op| ' BebastopoL 7:20 p 6:20 p
B:10 PI 5:10 pt • .-. .
~ - STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whit*
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs: at
Fulton for Burke' * Sanitarium: at Lytten for
Lytton * Springs: 'at Geyservilla for . Skajrcs
Sprinsa: at Ctoverdale for the Otysers, Boone-
ville and Greenwood : at Hopland \u25a0 for Duncan
EDrtnss. Highland Springs. Kelseyvtlle. Carl«-
bad Sprln«w. Soda . Bay. Lakeport and BarUett
Springs; at .Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Laker. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs*. Upper Lake. ; Porno. Potter .Valley,
John Daya. Llerley* s. \ Hullville. Orfa Hot
Bprlngs • Halfway • House. - Comptche. Hopkins.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal ;
\u25a0t ..WllUta for Hearst and Sawyer: at Sherwood
for , Weatport. Cahto. Coveto. Layttmvllle. Cum-
mins, Bell's Springs. Harris. . Olsens. Dyer
; Uarbervllle. Pepperwood. Camp's. - Scotia . and
Eureka. •-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--.».
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r»-
duced rates. > . .r. r <
On Sundays — Hound-trip tickets to all points
teyond '-. San Rafael at half rates.' • -"
t- Ticket - office, > 650 - Market ". street, Chrontcl*
bullling. ' \u25a0'--' *"- .'••'• ' '>-. .
;..-\u25a0 JAS. AGLER. R. X. RYAN.
". , Gen. Manager. , . . O«n. Pass. Art.
\u25a0VIT,TA MM A LPA IS RAfLWAY
Lt. iaa fnacueo Ar. Sta Praadtco
Ik. Diji Sandays Scadsji Wk. C»ji
_. 7:4SaU^&9HB 11:33 a 10:45a-
8:5Oa 8:45a IBSSSw 1:O2p 2:55p
1:45f 1O:15a 2:32p 6:23p
11:1Sa 3:32p
Saturday 12:45p 5:02p lataiday
. Only 2:15p l»|U VH**ip eisir QalT
r4.-3S». ;3:45p| lwfcn<«f Ti—>|B:32p lt:2Sp
; HMXt j 650 Market St., (North Shore Railroad)
OJIICI3 { and Sausauto Pexxy, Foot Market St.
fn
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
>"" i F I fc3\ Train* leave and are do*
/^jnl'Jc^. to arrive at
rditiitsn SAX fiiancisco '
(Foot of Market Street)
lkatk— MAIN LINE. —ABBrtj
7.00 a Elmlra, Vacavllle. Winters, Knmser 7-48P
/\u25a0ooa nichmund. Benlcia, Sacramento.
tialson and Way Stations 7-23p
7.4oa Vallejo. Napa. CallstOKa, SanU
Kosa, Martinez. San Ramon 6-03p
7.40aX11«5, Pleasaaton. Llvermore,
Trac7, Lathrop, Stockton 7^Bp
B.ooa Shasta Express— (Via Da Tla).
William*. Willows, tFroto, Ked
BIQS. Portland. Tacoma. Seattle. 7-43f»
B.ooa Davi». Woodland. Knights Laadtng.
Mary«TUl«. OrovUle 7.48»
8.20 a Martinez. Antloch. Byron, Tracy,
Stockton, Newman, Los Banoa,
' Mendota. Annona, Han ford, < . \u0084,,_
Vlsalla, Porterrllle \ aa%Z
8.20 a Port Cotta. Lathrop, Merced. Mo- • *- 4a **
desto, Rarmond. Fresno, Hta-
ford,VUalla.Bakersfleld * 4.485»
B.4uANUes, San Jote. LlTermore, Stock-
toa (tMllton). Valley Spring;,
lone, Sacramento, Placerrlile,
Colfax. Mary »vllle. Red BlaS .... 4.08*>
8-43A Oalcdile, Chinese, Jamestown,
Sonora. Taolumne and Angela... 4.08**
9-POa Atlantic Express— O?den %ad East. 4.28f»
8.40 a Richmond, Port Costa. Martinez
and TV»y Stations (tConcord) .... 8.43f»
1 0-20 A Vallejo, Daily. Napa, Sunday only 7.43 i»
10.20a Los Angeles Passenger— Port
- . Costa. Martinez, Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
Raymond. Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion, Banford. Lemoore, VlsaUa,
Bakersneld. Loa Angeles 7.08*
10.20 a El Paso. Kansas City. St. Louis aatt
Chicago 7.08F
lI.OOAThe Overland Limited— Omaha,
Clilcago, Denver. Kansas City... 5.43 1»
1 I.4oa >"llcs, Saa Jo§e and Way Stations. 2.48?
ti. OOP Sacramento River Steamers ....... tii.OOP
3.40P Benlcla. Winters, Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights LaadSng-,
» Marysvllle and Orovlllo 10.48 a
3-40p Hay w»rd, Nlles, and Way Stations 7.43p
4-CQpValleJo, Martinez, San Ramon,
\u25a0 Napa, Callatona, Santa Rosa 9.28 a
4.oopXlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodi. 10.28 a
4.4oPHayward, Nile*. Irvlngton. Saa t |8.48 a
t Jour, Livermore..:. 1 tf 1.43 a
6.oopThe Owl Limited— Newman, Loa
Banos. Mendota, Fresno, Tulars,
I Baiersfleld, Los Angeles 1. 43 a
5-COp Chicago and St. Louis Special— El .
Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis and
Cnlcago 8.48 a
tß.2opHarward. Nlles and San Jose 7.03 a
6.20P Vallejo, Port Costa, Benlcla, 3al-
V san, Sacramento 11.23 a
6 .00p Eastern Express— Omaha, Chicago, .
Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis,-
Martinez. Stockton, Sacramento,
Rsno. Sparkd, Montello. Ogden .. 12.43p
8.20 p nsyward. Nlles aad Saa Jose 9.48 a
7>CoPlteno Pasienger— Port Costa. Be-
ntcla, Sulsun, Elmlra. Dixon, \u25a0 -
Davis.SAcramento. Sparks, Tono- - .
pah, Goldfleld and Keeler 7-CBA
;7>4opPort Costa, .Martlnez.By roD,Tr»cy,
.' Modesto. Merced. Fresno 12.081*
,7.4oPTogemlte and Marlpo*a Big Treea - .-'
. \u25a0 (via Raymond-Wawona Route).. 8.48 a
7.4opValleJo, Sunday only 11.23 a
B.2oPOregon A California Express— Sac-
1 ramento. .Marysvllle. Redding,
. Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8.43 a
•.OOpHayward. Nlles and Saa Jose (Saa-
day only) - 1 11. 48 a
COAST LINE W«rr»irtl»uji).
(Foot of Market Street.)
'7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion (Sunday
0n1y).... 9.18P
S.lSANewark, Centervllle, San Joie,
Felton. BouTJer Crock, Saata
Cruz and Way Stations 5.55P
tS.lSANewark, San Jose. Felton, Boulder
Creek. SanU Cruz t/.59p
t2.lsPNewark, Centervllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatos. Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 10.55 a
4.lspNewark. Saa Jose, Loa Gatoa,
Wright tS.SSA
4.lspSatnrday and Sunday for Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cnii CBS5a
COAST LINE (Uroail taaage).
tJf~(Thlrd and Townsend Street*.)
B.loa San Jose and Way Stations 8-30P
17 JIOa San Jose and Way Sutlons 5.40P
7.1 5a Monterey, SanU Cruz Excorsion
(Sunday only) 10.10p
B.ooa New Almadtn (Tues..FrL,only).. 4>lop
8-OOAThe Coaster— San Jose, Salinas,
San Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa
Margarita. Saa Lnts Oblspo.
Guadalupe. Gavtota. SanU Bar-
bara. Saa liaeuaveatura, Oxnard,
Barbank, Los Angeles 10.30?
B.ooa Gllroy. UollNter, Castrovllle. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove. Surf,
Lompoc.. 10.3Q*
B.OOA San Juse, Tres Plaos. Watsonvllle.
Capitol a. SanU Cruz. Pacific
Grove. Saltnaa. San Luis Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations 4-lOp
t9COALo» Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek,
via Santa Clara and Harrow
Gauge t7-40p
I 0.30 a San. Jose and Way Stations < 1.20P
II .33a San Jose and Way 5tati0n5. ........ 7.40P
2-ISpSan Jose and Way Butlona 835 a
t3-00PDeI Monte Express— SanU Clara,
San Jose, Watso&ville. SanU
VC Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey
Pacific Grove tl2.laP
t3.oopLo» Gaton. Wright. Boulder Creek.
, Santa Cruz. Tla SanU Clara and
Narrow Gauge.. 1045 a
3-30P South San Francisco. San Jose.
Gilroy, HoHister, Tres Plnos,
~ Wawonviiie.Capltola.SantaCruz,
* Salinas, Monterey, Pacific Grove. 10.45 a
4.30P San Jose and Way Stations t7-55A
tS-OOPSanU Clara, San Jose, Los Gstos,
Wright tS-OOA
{5.30P San Joae and Principal Way S tatlons J9.40A
6.4&P Sunset Express — Redwood, San
Jose, Gllroy, Salinas, Paso
. Robles, Saa Lnls Oblspo, SanU
Barbara, Los Angeles, Demlng.
El Paso. New Orleans 9-10 a
5.45pE1 Prso, Kansas City, St. Loulj,
Chicago 10.30P
s.4spPa]aro, Watsonvllle. Capitols.
SanU Cruz. Castrovllle, Del I JIO.IOP
Monte, Pacific Grove i tlO-30>>
tS-15PSan Mateo, Jieresford. Belmont,
San Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t34SA
6.3opSan Jose and Way 5ut10n5......... B 38a
g.OOPPaIo Altoand Way Stations ....... 10.15 a
1 1-30P South San Francisco, Millbrie.Bur-
' lingame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks.
MenJo Park and Palo Alto 9.45p
1 1 .30p Saturday s only for Mayfield, Moun-
tain View, Sunnyvale, Lawrence,
\u25a0 Santa Clara and San Jose .....'... t9.4S>
OAKLAND HARBOR [ERRY
(Foot of Market St.)
f7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5.15 p.m.
A for Morning. '\u25a0 P for Afternoon. ~-
tSunday excepted. {Sunday only. ....
&Mond*y only.
{Dally, and stops at all sutlons on Sunday.
ICHIGAGO T |N 3 'DAYS I
B Leaves) Mondays and Thursdays* at 9
fjj^ 9:30 a. m. -with Dlnera and Slscp^rs H
Other Saata Fe Tralass
1:^ "\u25a0 ™' I for Stockton. Freaao. Bakarsael*.
»i3O L" m.l Merced, Hanford and VlaaUa.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
7 -30 a. m. J Direct connection for Yaaemlt*
8:30 a. m. 5 VaUey and the Bi« Tr««a> .
9:30 a. m. {Fcr Kansas City, Grand Canyon
8:00 p. tn. land Chicago.
9:80 a. n». (For Oakdal* and points on Sierra
J Railway.
Ticket Offices — CM Market st. and Ferry D«pot.
San Francisco; also 1113 Broadway, ou-
. land, Cal.: also 27 South First. Ban Jot*.
P ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADEROrEtc
Via Sanaallto Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OACGB.
Depart week <lays ax 7:iXK 7:43, 8:23, 9:10,
9-50 11:00 a. m.: 12:20. 1:45. 3:13^ 4:33. 5:13,
Ito 6:30. 7:13. 9:00. 10:14 and 11:35 p. mT^
'Depart Sundays and holidays at 7:13, 7:43.
8-ia! 8:4S.'»:1B. »:45. 10:13. 10:43. 11:13. 11:44
i. m -13:1*. 1» : «. 1:1 * 1:43 « 2:13 - 2=«. 3:13,
S*4™"*4:ls. 4:43. 5:13. 5:43. «:13. a:4i 7:5
rtTtS." 8:1* tor ' SauaaUto only). 9:00. 10:13.
11*35 p. *»\u25a0 '
For Fairfax, week days— 7:l3 a. *m^ jjjj
d nv. 6:14 P- ""• Snndaysiiand holidays-—
?-45; 8:43. 9:13. 10:13. 11:43 a. m.. l.iaTp. xn.
l.*a. o. - THB OUGH TRAINS.
7 -43 a. m." daily — Cazadero and • way stations.
9:13 a- m. Sundays aad Ilolldaya — Point
- - 8:1 ft P- \u25a0 n>- dally (except Saaday)— For Cu*.
• *»:15 p. m. dally "(except Sunday)-i-F« Point
\u25a0 Reyes, etc - \u25a0'-•-," s - ' \u25a0 . \u25a0.\u25a0".--
- 8:13 P> «. Sundays and Holidays for Cms*.
Aero. «tc. -
TICKET OFFTCE— «3O Market at,"
.;• ygßßT— Union Depot, foot , of ' Marfct at. ' \u25a0
Weekly Gall
; ONE DOLI^AR PER YEAH.
78
THE SANFRANGISGOGALL
JOHN D. SPRECKKLS Proprietor
- ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McXAUCITT. —J^.-J^HIH •• '\u2666 Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN-FRANCISCO
SATURDAY , •• • • JULY 8 ' 1905
REGISTER FOR THE PRIMARY.
FROM the expressions dropped by Eastern visitors it is evident
that the reputation of San Francisco is : at stake in the coming
election. The salvation of the city's fair name is to begin with
the August primary. The registration of voters closes on the 19th
inst. After that, if a citizen is not registered his vote cannot be
cast, and no matter how much he may deplore the government un
der which the city suffers, he must 'accept his share of the guilt
as a consequence of his indifference to his duty.
The conditions here, related to the municipal government, are
growing worse instead of better. Heretofore it has been the odium
of the city government that the instruments of power were used
for partisan purposes, when the whole people, and not one party, are
entitled to their equal use as the agencies of government. The new
charter was demanded because it was supposed to make impossible
this conversion of public authority into partisan power. This hope,
planted in the charter, has proved to be vain. The fact is now dem
onstrated that the best form of government can be subjected to the
basest uses, if its administration be intrusted to unfit men.
There is no charm in a charter nor fundamental law that can
save a city from the evils of graft and greed, and the other im
moralities of government. That depends solely upon the men who
administer it. The people of this city have now been made aware
that there is a depth beyond the partisan use of power and that the
charter, in bad hands, becomes the means of sounding that depth.
It has been brazenly shown that public authority is here made the
instrument of personal purposes, and that it is used in visiting pun
ishments and conferring rewards entirely personal in their nature.
When the president of one of the great city boards, discussing
his personal grievances and uttering his desire to punish his personal
enemies by a perversion of public authority, says, boldly, "As I
have the power I'd be a fool not to use it," it is time for decent
citizens to get together and do some thinking. Men who will use
public authority in a private feud will use the same authority to re
ward their own feudists by public robbery if necessary. There can
be no more serious abuse of power than this, for it includes all
forms of abuse. It is the bold assertion of autocracy in municipal
government. Every citizen of this city is entitled to the rights,
privileges and freedom given to him in the charter and the law.
The hatred of the Mayor or president of the Board of Works or
of the Police Commission cannot nullify those rights', for. they arc
conferred by the law and cannot be taken away by the adminis
trators of the law, except by a misuse of power that amounts to a
crime.
If the protection by the police of a man's freedom and property
can be withdrawn by the Mayor or any other officer, how does it
differ from ordering the Fire Department not to save his house
when it is burning? The public officer who says he "would be a
fool" not to use his official power against his private enemy who has
violated no law is a criminal. He is guilty of the 'gravest offense.
As long as he is in power, he and the others who keep him there
are a menace to the city and a disgrace. They put themselves and
their grudges and hates in the place of the law, when in a free coun
try the law only is supreme and every citizen is entitled to its
protection.
The theory held in the executive department of the govern
ment of this city is that when officials are elected the law ceases,
and their will takes its place. Privilege and punishment are dis
pensed by them and not by the law. If their friends and agents
violate the law their power is used to keep the violators from pun
ishment. If their enemies become troublesome they use public
power to wreak private vengeance. To the remedy of this condi
tion the people are called by a duty which they Will neglect at their
peril. All of the instruments of impeachment being in the hands
of those officers who most deserve it, the people have only one rem
edv — the ballot. . -
If the existing evils are not sufficient to urge them to act, their
indifference will be a vindication of official lawlessness, and will
make the city a stench. "Your city is getting a bad name," said an
Eastern Senator who had no partisan | reason for saying it. Let
every good citizen register, enroll himself on the side of the Repub
lican League and give up a day of his time, if need be,. for service
at the August primary. Winning there, let the time between the
nominations and the November election be devoted to an earnest
and public spirited effort to give San Francisco a good name abroad.
Pestilence cannot kill a city. It can be eradicated. Mutations of
private fortune cannot kill a city, for enterprise can offset them.
But a bad name is worse than killing a city, and the public officiary
that is responsible is worse than the private criminals who. prey
upon the community.
San Francisco is approaching a crisis. The situation is acute.
The fate of the city is in the hands of its citizens who want to live
in no mean town.
THE present hot weather in San Francisco breaks the record.
It is the hottest July weather in more than thirty years. Mr.
McAdic's fog was in the offing several mornings, like a ship
waiting for a pilot to get in through the Golden Gate. But an east
wind would blow it seaward and then the people cried "Wow" and
mopped their brows. But misery loves company and we have both.
In other parts of this country and in Europe the heat has been in
tense. In Rome the temperature rose to more than 100 degrees and
throughout Italy hundreds have been stricken by the heat. As for
the Eternal City, it has not seen a hotter time since that affair be
tween Caesar and Mr. Brutus.
In Eastern cities of the United States there is much suffering,
though the temperature runs lower than here. The heat is matte
deadly by the humidity. We have an automatic climate. When
the temperature goes up humidity goes down,' and the heat is not
so oppressive. x
We have faith that Mr. McAdie's "brisk breeze" will bring
relief. While waiting for it everybody should avoid hot; rebellious
liquors, severe exercise and heated arguments, walk on the shady
side of the street and use every means to« avoid bad temper, even if
it be necessary to abstain from the telephone. •
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
Philadelphia «s even trying to reform its police force:' We may yet
point with pride to Philadelphia as our model municipality.. Unless, of
course, that always too frequent tendency to weary of well-doing gets in
its work. — Indianapolis News. A
King Alfonso ran down and killed a poor little Spanish donkey the
other day. We'd like to see King Alfonso run down and kill a Georgia
mule in good rear working order.— Atlanta Constitution.
Dr. Osier's chloroform theory receives a serious setback in the fact
that the two leading peace commissioners selected by Japan and Russia arc
each over 65 years old.— St. Louis Globe- Democrat. "
Mr. Hyde may be. as he asserts, "out of the Equitable for good." but
.there are a lot of people who decline to believe he was ever in it for that
purpose. — Detroit Free Press.
At any rate. Mr. Rockefeller has never deceived the public by recom
mending ineffectual haii restorers.— St. Louis Post-Dispatch
\u0084.- . - \u25a0 i
A Pennsylvania Judge has decided that a woman is boss of the kitchen.
Why did he omit the rest of the house?— Baltimore Sun.
We take it for granted that the Japanese boy babies are "being named
*ftcr" Togo and Oyama.— Washington PojU :
IT IS HOT.
/the san : fran ciscp|GALiii,;\ Saturday; . s, 1905.
COLONEL GREENE'S BEAR SCARES
HOTEL MAN, WHO SUGGESTS THAT
BRUTE BE SENT TO TOM LAWSON
COLONEL GREENR'S BAIIY BRUIN ENLIVENS THINGS AT THE IHG HOTEL.
THE Ansonia Hotel at Seventy-third street and Hroad
way is sheltering a distinguished guest from New
Mexico, says the New York World. He is a protege
of Colorfel William C. Greene, the copper king, and as
large, airy apartments on the roof of the hotel.
The new arrival is v three-months-old bear of the silver
tip variety. Colonel Greeno has been nway hunting. Qn
his arrival he cnlled W. E. D. Stokes up on the phone.
"Say, Stokes, I've got a present for you," he said. "Went
out bear hunting in New Mexico and killed ashe-^bear with
two cubs. I gave one of the orphans to a friend of mine
out there and shipped the other to you. , He'll make a bully
pet for you at the Ansonla.".
"Pet. eh!" came back over the wire, ."and do you think
I'm going to turn this hotel into a Zoo? If you dare to
tend that bear up here I'll sue you for malfeasance In of
fice. No, sir, you just give that bear to some, other enemy.
Don't bring him near me or there'll be some shooting. I
might miss him in the excitement and hit you."
OUR JOYS AND SORROWS
Dorothy Fenimore
( £ A LAS tor h . im who never soes
LjL The star's shine through hl3
cypress trees'.
Who hopeless lays his dead away.
Nor looks to see the breaking: day
Across the mournful marbles play!.
Who hath not learned in hours of faith
The truth to flesh and sense unknown,
That Life is ever lord of death,
And Love can never lose his own?"
Sorrow is one of love's most precious
gifts. It is most deeply personal; it
belongs to whom it comes, and to no
other. It means the making of him,
or the marring; it is the touchstone
which tests .his charact,ex VH>;
The grief that is ours belongs to us
alone. Our joys we are disposed to of-,
fer to the world with generous hand.
We throw our casement open wide that
all who are outside may share the radl^
ance which illumines Our spirit's little
room.
But when sorrow comes to us we pull
the shutters of our windows close and
draw our curtains down that we may
sit in quiet for a little while with him
who is most dear, pale Sorrow, whose
deep, sad eyes are sweet with the
exaltation of. a love that cannot die.
When he would go at last and leave us,
still we clasp his robe and murmur.
"Stay yet a little. I cannot let you
go.' Your voice is all melodious with
tender memory. You are love's mes
senger; you bring me higher hopes, and
dreams of happiness renewed."
The mood of lofty exaltation that
comes to the mind when it has gath
ered itself together after grief's first
shock of terrible surprise makes? one
appreciate that there is quite as much
pieasure in pain as there is pain -in
pleasure. Tho two experiences affect
the nervous 6rganism similarly, in the
same way that extreme of heat and
extreme of cold give to startled nerves
an identical sensation.
Physically and ..mentally, poignant
suffering resembles ecstatic delight In
that both are an emotion which has no
past, no future, which is all keen sen
sation In the present. \
• The Inspiration of a man's life is
often born of his sorrows. " : Artist,
musician or writer must find his own
soul before he can succeed in touching
the - soul of another. Said . William
Mathews in a burst of rhetoric: "As
th« maple tree must be wounded with
FEATURES OF THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
The Sunday Call Magazine will contain
to-morrow, in addition to its usual high |
class contributions,: two illustrated feat- j
ures of exceptional moment to every in- I
telligcnt, observing Californian. The sub- j
jects discussed are of. direct personal in-
terest to the people"of. the State and are
timely in their presentation •of great
public issues. ' \u25a0
"What Land' Grants Did to California,"
is the title of an article by {.William H.
BITS OF EA RL Y MO RNING M ER RI M ENT.
"TIME IS FLEETING.?.
. ... Miss ; Vassarglrl--You -i have no
right \to /kiss i; meT" ; Please : stop
and ' consider : what V you " are do
lng!- . \u25a0 \u25a0;:\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0/;.-/-/-;... •- ,;,-' ;\u25a0:-; ;:
Yalevard— Oh! li don't have to
stop to consider! : ; : . -
"Too lato now to stop his coming," said Colonel Greene,
"but don't get scared. He's only about as big as a yearling
calf. Why, he's so tame and nice he'll come right up and
eat off your hand — -or even your leg." _
j Long before the arrival of the bear the news of it had
spread over the Ansonla and there was great excitement.
Some of the women were in favor of moving out, but Man
ager Webb assured them that there was not the least dan
ger, as the orphan would not be permitted to use the ele
vators or dine In the restaurant. •
When the bear was brought in Colonel Greene hurried
up to see Mr. Stokes, only to find the doors of his apart
ments, all barricaded. *
"Now see here, Colonel, you Just take that blamed bear
and hike right out of here," said . Mr. Stokes; "send him
to your friend- Tom Lawson of . Boston, and that may save
you the trouble of going all the way up there one of these
days to annihilate him."
If anybody wants to see the orphan bear he is to be
found on tho roof of the Ansonla. Colonel Greene is the
only person In the hotel who has the courage to feed him.
DQfcomy fTAtf/zcm:
an' ax before it will yield its^ honeyed
treasures, as the nightingale; is - said
to sing more sweetlywith the thorn In
its breast, so the most, exquisite songs
of the poets have been prompted often
times by the acuteness of physical suf
ferings." _'. . '.:'.'
The same may be said of sorrow's in
fluence. Through loss may a man dis
cover the hidden vo.ln of .gold which
Dean Swift believed existed often in
the- soil of character undiscovered by
its owner. : ; ; . \u25a0 '
Whenever I look upon, the sweet old
faces of men and: women "who have
loved much and suffered much.' and yet
have kept their faith in all things good,
it seems to *me that? joy is .but love's
budding flower, while sorrow is its per
fect bloom. • :
Mills, who ventures the opinion, based
upon critical; observation, that had there
been no . Spanish land grants in Cali
fornlathc industrial history of .the State
would have been entirely different and we
would r have *;,now \u25a0 a.million •more" people
within our borders.; Small, homesteads,
not great reservations,'would have made
a vastly different story in the prosperity
of the*p'remler State of-the West,
General Frederick Funston, General C.
IV EXTREME MORTIS.
Guest (at -summer j resort)—
Good-by all ; good-by, « wife c and
children; If I don't, come back
•' Wife— Mercy/ what's the -: mat
ter?; V\u25a0\u25a0 {-I,: '•"•?/. v. '\u25a0•;:--;. .:\u25a0 ; \. ', :
Guest (at summer. resort)— You
know,"imyi heart <is s weak,
dear.': and : I 'am going:! to) ask the
clerk for my- bill:'"- *~ ,"v .
STATE OF AFFAIRS.
"Ah! how. are you, landlord," salut
ed the patent-churn man as he entered
the tavern at Polkvllle, Ark. »iow are
you and how are things in'general?"
"Ho, there! 'Round again, I see!"
genially returned the host. "Me? Aw,
I'm sorter moderate, thank ye! As for
things in town here —well, things Is
j lively; livelier than a gooseberry mer-
I chant sellin" 'em a berry at a time.
We've got a guessln' contest on hand
between this town and Torpidville, over
which needs a new opery house the
worst and which won't get It first,
j And a feller that was in love, or some
j thing that-a-way, tried to commit sui
cide the other day right in front of the
postofflce by bombardin* his head with
a pistol; shot four times, but he was
havin' a chill Just then and shook so's
he didn't hit himself. The public li
brary announces the following new and
Interestln* books: Mrs. Sigourney's
Poems. .-'Little Lord Fauntleroy' and
Sut Lovengood's last work. There was
a. tollable lively fight at the revival
last—well, I forget Just what night it
,was. And we have ah otherwise
worthy lady who is all puffed up with
pride b'cuz while she was away visitin'
she saw a. century plant in full bloom;
and all the rest of our wives, speakin"
in'round numbers, are-dead set to go
visitin' too—-and several of their hus
bands have had to whip: the century
plant woman's husband on "account "''of
it. Eh-yahf Things is pretty blamed
lively here in Polkvllle, lemme just tell
you!" —Tom P. Morgan In Smart Set.
INSPIRED BOTANY.
' The Rev. Appleton Grannln of St.
Michael's Church, New York, tells the
fallowing clerical anecdote on himself:
"I was preaching on the spiritual ben
efit that may sometimes accrue from tem
poral misfortunes," he says, "and in the
course of my, sermon I made use of this
practical Illustration:
i " 'Some flowers thrive best under the
btnigh rays of the summer sun, while
others— fuchsias, for instance— require the
deepest of shade to bring them to their
fullest perfection.'
"In ;6ne of the_ front pews sat. a little
old lady of distinctly rural aspects who
followed ; the sermon with^ the- most
gratlfyingly. close and eager attention. At
the close of the service she hurried for
ward: with outstretched hands to speak
to me.
" 'Oh, - sir!' she cried, 'how can I ever
thank you . for the, inestimable benefit
your inspired words have imparted to
me!* .
"I , started to say something appro
priate when she; continued — }
V; 'l've been trying for twenty years to
make my fuchsias grow well, and I never
knew till to-day that I failed because 1
didn't plant them in the shade.* "—Lip
pincott's. ' .
A. .Woodruff and Hospital Steward Her
man Kuch contribute. to a symposium on
'.'What We , Should Do for Our Exiles in
Manila," a highly- interesting treatment
of the many adverse conditions existing
for Americans in Manila. In outlining
the evil the writers are quick to. suggest
a remedy. \ .V, '\u25a0\u25a0
; SIGXS OF CULTIVATION.
V Jack— They; say, Rlgby Ja cv!"
.tlvatlngr = the 'widow.
f •'• Jim -T-^Evideritlyy; Her weeds
have disappeared..
Occidental
Accidentals
A. J. Waterhouse
YOU kin make a memorandum while
you're joggin* on life's way
That jedgin' fellers by their clothes
es apt ter lead astray.
An' ef you're sizin' up a man by what he
claims ter be
Your'e due ter git a painful shock when
what he Is you see.
A puffba,U may be portly, but you squeeze
It an' it's flat—
You'd better make a note of it an* paste
it in your hat.
A peacock es a purty bird, but pull its
feathers out!— L '
An' there's several human peacocks that
are struttin* hereabout.
Upon our biggest apple tree the littlest
. .'\u25a0 apples grew.
An' ef you tried to eat the fruit your
tears were overdue.
My Uncle Hiram's heifer wus as purty
es a dream, \u0084^'C
But her milk wus mainly water an' wus
destitute of cream.
A little pair of deuces beat your aces'
spots by two,
But try to gamble on them an' the fac'
you likely rue.
A peacock es a han'some bird, until you
hear it sing;
An' I Jedge there's sev'ral peacocks In
the dizzy human ring.
So I Jedge that you sh'd paste It In your
hat where you kin see
That the clothin 1 on a feller doesn't prove
what he may be. r
A twenty-dollar hat may crown a head
like thirty cents:
A dunce may wear a suit of clothes re
gardless of expense.
It doesn't take a load of brains your own
bazoo to toot,
But the tooting must be music If you're
master of your lute.
So I write it o'er and over, though Jt may
your notions Jar;
Jedge your peacocks by their feathers;
Jedge your men by what they are.
SUMMER RESORT OBSERVATIONS.
/tpHE girl with the prettiest hose sees
X the "most snakes.
"-V In tuelr outing costumes you may
not be able to distinguish the twelve-dol
larSelerk from his millionaire employer,
but watch the women for a time and you
no longer will be at a loss.
A girl said that she did not believe In
bathing in public. I looked at her and
felt that I understood.
If there were as many snakes In Cali
fornia as there are bottles of remedy for
their bites the most or us would move
out .. . ,
A girl will wade out almost to her knees
Jn the water, shriek eighteen times, come
out, He on the beach two hours, and
claim that she has had a bath. This 13
no reflection on the girl— she really be
lieves that she has.
A fool can drive an automobile/ Sure!
But you need not chuckle, Silas. So can
one walk.
THE native of rural California Is ever
courteous, and he never fails Ip an
swer questions. Witness the follow
ing:
Traveler lost on a mountain road — 13
this the Plunkville n.Jd? •
Native— lt are, stranger.
"How far is it to Plunkvirie?"
'"Bout eightmile, reckon." <• | '.; : •
"Much obliged to you."
"Needn't be."
"Same traveler (after journeying several
miles)— How far .is it. to Plunkville7"
Second native — 'Bout thirteen mile,
reckon.
' >l>ut a man back here said it was only
eight miles."
"Did, hey?"
"And I have come several miles since
then."
"Reckon not, stranger."
"But I have."
"Reckon you're mistaken, stranger.
You've gone them miles. Plunkville's In
the other direction. Giddap!"
"As the traveler turns his weary horse
he realizes that the first native was right
In saying that he need not feel obliged to
him.
THE BABY.
PUDGY hands and pudgy feet.
Round, fat arms the air to beat,
\u0084- .Round, fat legs to ceaseless go
Up and down and to and fro:
Vibratory little chap
Squirming in his mother's lap;
Rosebud mouth that loves - to crow—
That's the baby, you must know.
. - ' ' \u25a0 • •'.".*>\u25a0
Brain with baby whims a-klnk,
May do anything but think.
Give him time and let him be.
You shall see what you shall see.
Haply 'tis in nature's plan
That this wee, inchoate man
Laurels on his brow may bind—
He's the baby, you must mind.
Pudgy bundle/useless quite
Save to love by day and night.
Love me, though a little, too;
All my dreams turn back to you.
All I missed in life's hot \f ray,
May it come to you some day.
Comfort, happiness and I cheer—
You're my baby, baby dear. .
IT]has been asserted that man I 3 wom
an's j superior . in mathematics and its
twin brother, logic. Assuming that the
assertion is true, how few people prob
ably have; thought that this .superiority
is 'due to the pockets which he has and
has not. It is almost painful to reflect
that the great majority of people doubt
less never have thought of this obvious
fact. It works In this way:
A man has, say, . thirteen pockets and
from his boyhood onward he has to keep
track of all of them. Think of the men
tal : discipline this involves. In' one of
these pockets he has a bunch of keys,
a knife, some old coins and a few cheap"
collar buttons; In another he has a;foun
tain > pen. a " lead pencil" or two and a
spectacle case ; ' In y et : another there are
letters and . a pocketbook. • So, it goes
through the list of thirteen pockets, and
he - must be "prepared at any moment to
pull any given article * from any given
pocket. Moreover, he , must know just
how many articles are in each one of the
pockets, and must know the sum total ot
them, so that when ho removes them all,
as he • occasionally must, he can merely
count them and say to himself: "There
are thirty-seven of themJ - Yes, all of. my
treasures are here; nothing has strayed."
Do you J not J see :, what fine mental exer
cise this is, and how it | necessarily keeps
the man ; right ;up in his mathematics?
ißuti But the woman/ .it Is different with her.
She - has no .' pockets, and she is as one
without hope, and an arithmetic. So she
starts 'down ; ; town with ten or" twelve
handkerchiefs— she never knows the exact
number-j-so that she\ can have one to
leave ; in each * place at which she stops,
and : blindly .trusts that there will . •be
enough. Poor, pocketless one. what else
can \u25a0\u25a0 she .do?-/ And "so her mathematics
is neglected; just" "because she has no
pockets and does not have to keep track
of g. their "contents. Jit is a saddening
thought.; -
It is strange that more people, had not
thought of ; this, but it is evident that
.they Shad ;not.- Give "a, girl pockets and
their/ treasures Uo^ count and . guard, 1 ; an«i
T should ; be* willing to bet that she would
be ablel to Avte with y her brother in the
mathematical sciences
SMART SET.
Sally Sharp
The leading affair of yesterday was a
tea In Berkeley given by Airs. lialph
Phelpa in honor of Miss Leslie Green,
the nancee of Howard Huntington. Re
ceiving with tne hostess were Alra. Will
Olney, Miss Florence White, Miss Carol
Day. Miss Kelcey Patterson, Miss
Marion Wilson. Miss Bertha Goodrich.
Miss Ruth Grern, liiss Beta Livtrmore,
Miss Marion Huntinston, Miss Eliza
beth Huntlngton and Mrs. J. A. Phelps.
To-night the artillery gurrison. at
the Presidio will be host at a hop, to
which a lot of nice town giria nave
been asked. But hops aren't so allur
ing in such tropical weather as this —
but Mr. McAdie may send a breeze ere
then. Do, please. Mr. Weather Man.
Mr. and Mr 3. W. P. Beggs were hosts
at an army dinner at the Hotel Cecil on
July 4. The feast was served in- the
private dining-room, which was gayly
decorated with the nationa. colors,
while a wreath of flowers graced the
table. Those In the party were: Cap
tain and Mr 3. L. B. Slmonds.. Captain
and Mrs. E. P. Jervey. Captain and Mrs.
W. S. Valentine, Miss Elizabeth Mor
ris, Miss Edith Fabrigone. Lieutenant
B. J. Mitchell. Lieutenant J. A. Higsins
and Lletuenant E. C. Long.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Dean O'Brien
have gone south. Their longest stop
will be at Catallna Island. About the
first of August they will return to San
Francisco and for a few week 3 will
be the guests of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
V. O'Brien of 1716 Pacific avenue.
Dr. Xat T. Coulson has returned from
Byron Springs. >
• •
John R. Cary, a leading banker of
Baltimore, accompanied by his wife and
sons, la visiting his relatives, Mrs. Edna
Snell Poulson and the Misses Snell at
Snell Seminary, Berkeley.
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Graupner will
visit Tahoe for a few weeks, returning
to their Mill Valley home to snend the
rest of the summer.
M. I. Cahn. Mrs. I. Cahn and Miss
Nickelsburg of San Francisco are reg
istered at the Hotel del Coronado.
Mrs. Dr. Clow, Mr. and Mrs. Leon
Kahn and Mrs. L. M. Edwards of San
Francisco are reglsterd at the Hotel
del Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. Latham McMullln will
try their luck at fishing at Lake Ta
hoe. going up the last week In August.
To-day Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Free
man and Miss Maude Payne will leave
for Portland, to visit the fair. After Im
bibing all of Its beauties they care to,
they will go to Tahoe for a month.
Mrs. Sydney SmitH and her daughter,
Mrs. Landsdale, and Miss Helen and Mts3
Bertha Smith, leave to-day for the high
Sierras, spending some time at Boca
as the guests of Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Mc-
Cutcheon.
• A • \u25a0"-- \u25a0 \u2666
On Tuesday next Miss Maylita Pease,
with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. George
Pease, start for Portland, Arthur B.
Watson accompanying them.
There are those who surmise — from the
unusual activity of the dressmakers about
the Pease household, that a wedding
might— only might— occur before the quar
tet starts north.
Sometimes signs fall, but unwonted ac
tivity on the part cf the dressmakers usu
ally presages something interesting.
Edward M. Greenway goes to- Lak# Ta
hoe on the 20th, where he will try his
luck at .fishing. He is said to be a very
good angler, but he didn't prove his
prowess at Del Monte, where the fisher
man's honors fell to Senator James To
ker Sims and Harry Hawks, who landed
a sixteen pound salmon, and can prove It.
WOMAN'S VANITY.
Miss Marion Winchester, the Ameri
can girl who is known In Paris as the
"sugar queen" on account of her suc
cessful sugar speculations, has a repu
tation for cynical humor. Recently
Miss Winchester spoke at a woman's
club dinner.
"She spoke very brightly," reports a
guest. "She made many keen, swift
thrusts at the faults of women. I re
member how she attacked women's
vanity.
"There was a butcher," she said,
"who In a season of depression went
to a great expense. He put up behind
his counter a tremendous mirror. Con
cerning this innovation some one said:
" 'Why has the butcher put up that
large and costly mirror behind his
counter?*
"The answer was: To prevent the
servant girls from watching bis
scales."*
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
LIFESAVERS— A. S.. City. None of
the crews of the life stations located at
San Francisco practice on Sundays.
SPANISH PAPER — S.. City. Th»
newspaper directories do not show of any
Spanish paper published in this city. *
RALSTON-PALACE-^Subscriber, Moi
ser, Or. William C. Ralston died in Saa
Francisco, August 27. 1573. Th« P&laca
Hotel was opened October 2 the samo
year.
FOREIGNER— D. J. T.. Point Boalta.
Cal. A judicial decision declares that
"a naturalized citizen is no longer a
foreigner," therefore it is improper to
speak of an alien who has been law
fully naturalized as a' foreigner.
COUNTING— PIayer. City.. Hoyl© lays
down the rule that in all bidding games
of cards the bidder shall always have tho
first count, and if he has made good his •
bid and also made enough points to win, ,
he goes out, no mattter what points tha
other players may have. This Is a priv-'e
iiege duo to him because- of the risk ' ha '
assumes in bidding.
BLACK MARlA— Subscriber. Oakland.
Cal. An old English* periodical. The Mil
lion, gives the f otowing as the origin of
"Black Maria" as applied to prison
vans: "During the colonial days Maria
Lee. a negress. kept a sailors" boarding
house in Boston- She was a woman ot
gigantic size and prodigious strength, and
was of great assistance to the authorities
in keeping the peace, as the entire law
less element of that locality stood in awe
of - 'her." Whenever aa unusually trouble
some individual was to be taken to the
station house, the services of 'Black
•Maria,* as she was called, were likely
to be required. It is said : that she onco
took at one time and without assistance
three ; riotous sailors to the lock-up. So
frequently washer help required that the
expression., "Send for; Black Maria* came
to mean. t *take the disorderly person ta
jaiL* " It is easy to see how the name
came .fixed .to * the prison van. "Maria
sounds a bit fishy, and it fes not ' possible
to vouch for her." says English Notes and
Queries. -
: Special Inf ormatioa supplied daily to
business houses and public m«n by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 3* Cali
fornia street Telephone Main I<M* •
: Townsead's Cala. Glace .Fruits. In ar
tistic fire-etched boxes. NVw stor* nowBREAKS JULY
HEAT RECORD
Mercury Ascends Nearly to
the Hundred Degree Mark
Few Minutes Before Noon
ICE FAMINE OCCURS
Factories Run to Full Capac
ty Day and Night, but
Cannot Fill Their Orders
yesterday was the hottest day this
year and the hottest July day in the
history of the local branch of the Weath
er Bureau. The mercury reached 9S de
crees a little before noon, but receded to
75 degrees within the next five hours. The
next hottest July day was In 1903, when
the temperature registered was 91 de
grees. On two days of last September,
during the Knights Templar conclave,
however, the weather was hotter than
yesterday.
This sort of weather is abnormal for
San Francisco. The average temperature
for July for more than fifty years Is
about 64 degrees. The unusual heat is
caused, according to Professor McAdie,
by an interruption In the circulation of
the atmosphere about the bay. Normally
the western breeze relieves the city from
the exceedingly warm weather of the "In
terior. At present the ocean winds are
shut off and San Francisco gets practi
cally the same weather as interior cities.
The heat is not so dangerous,- McAdie
says, as in Eastern towns.
During the very early hours of yes
terday morning the mercury fell to 65
degrees, but after the sun had risen
there was an unexpected rise In tempera
ture. At 3 o'clock the mercury had fallen
to SS degrees and at 4 o'clock had risen
again to 92 degrees. Professor McAdie
thinks this morning should be warm with
cooling breezes in the afternoon. He
states that there will be no immediate
change in the general situation.
The ice plants of the city have been
taxed to their utmost and although all
of the factories have been running to full
capacity, both day and night, the output
has proved insufficient to satisfy the de
mand. The situation became so acute
yesterday that early in the day the Na
tional Ice Company was obliged to cut
all orders down 75 per cent and similar
action was taken by other producers. T**As
a result of this order there was a marked
scarcity of ice and large numbers of
regular local consumers were unable to
produce supplies. The steamboat lines,
too, were sufferers In this respect and
the steamship Manchuria, which sails to
day for the Orient, will take less than
5-3 per cent of the quantity originally
ordered. :
To make matters worse for the ice men
a trainload of natural ice,' ordered two
days ago from tiie Truckee River country
in anticipation 'of a famine, was delayed
by the burning of a shed on the railroad
and the entire consignment was stalled
somewhere near Boca when last heard
of.
The fruit market was also affected and
there have been several sharp advances
in wholesale rates during the last few
day?. Prices of lemons advanced 75 per
cent at wholesale on Thursday and the
market was practically bare yesterday.
Mexican limes, which were selling at $4 50
per case on the preceding day, were in
urgent demand yesterday and nearly all
of the available supplies were cleaned up
at $6 and ?7 per case. It was also re
ported that growing fruit crops in the
districts around the bay had been dam
aped considerably by the hot sun and It
was generally believed that the loss to
growers in the aggregate would be
heavy.
SLEEPING IN PARKS.
Heat Forces Sacramentans to Seek
GranKf Couches.
SACRAMENTO, July 7.— To-day was
hottest of the season, the weather bureau
thermometer reaching 107 degrees. The
heat was remarkable in that it continued
far into the night and the strange sight
\u25a0was presented of hundreds of men sleep
ing in Capital Park and the city squares
in the hope of cooling off. The effect on
young grapes and other fruits is very
disastrous.
MILTON, July 7.— This, the sixth day
of the heated term, has broken all previ
ous records for several years at this
place. At 2 p. m. the thermometer stood
at 108 cTegrees. Reports from the sur
rounding country indicate that the grape
and berry crops are being materially in
jured by the long continued and exces
sive heat.
VALLEJO, July 7.— The protracted heat
of six days culminated to-day in a record
for this city, the thermometer at 2:30 p.
m. showing 106 in the shade. Beyond two
slight prostrations at the navy yard there
have been no serious results from the
heat.
IIEALDS^URG, July 7.— A new heat
record was established in this city to-day
when the mercury reached 134 degrees in
the sun and 110 degrees In the shade. At
the California Northwestern Railroad
depot the thermometer registered 122 de
grees at 1 p. m. y
FHESNO, July 7. — For three days
Fresno has had the hottest weather felt
here at this time of the year for many
years. Wednesday the thermometer
Etood at 112, yesterday and to-day at
111. These figures are official. Peo
ple are fast leaving 1 town for the coast
and mountains. Fruit is ripening very
fast.
PEACHES ARE BENEFITED.
Excessive Heat Innnres the Crop In
Yuba County.
MARYSVILLE, July 7. — The warm
"weather of the last week has caused
peaches to ripen rapidly and the local
canneries are working- a large force of
men to get in readiness to handle the
large crop which will begin to arrive
•much sooner than expected. Many
people will soon be employed In this
city and the Sutter County canneries.
NEW RECORD FOR HEAT.
" SAICTA ROSA, July 7. — This was the
hottest day ever known here, the Gov
ernment thermometer registering 109
degrees. The highest previous record
•was established on September 7 of last
year, when It registered 108 degrees.
At 3 o'clock this afternoon the ther
mometer registered 108.
I»OSTUM C^^^ATi.
OLD STORY I
STICK TO I
COFFEE I
and sick all the time. There's an |
easy way out. USE t r
POSTUMI
Food Coffee J
FULL OF ZEAL
FOR CAVALRY
Captain Greeninger Is En
thusiastic for Branch in
*" Which He Is Promoted
CHOICE IS UNANIMOUS
Succeeds Captain- Jensen,
Who Has Been Elevated
to Bank of Brigadier
At a recent meeting of Troop A, Cav
alry, N. G. C, held In the armory on
Golden Gate avenue,V-<leutenant C. Green
inger was unanimously elected command
er of the troop, to succeed Jensen, who
has been commissioned by the Governor
as brigadier general of the Second Bri
gade.
The unanimous choice of Lieutenant
Greeninger to be captain of the organi
zation proves his popularity in the troop.
During his connection with the guard he
has established the fact, by his zeal for
the cavalry branch of the service, that
he* will be a worthy successor of his
predecessor who was an enthusiast on
the subject of mounted guardsmen.
RECEIVES OFFERS FOE
.; A SCHOOLHOUSE SITE
City Attorney Notifies Super
visors of Propositions to
Sell Land to City.
City Attorney Long yesterday submitted
to the Board of Supervisors the offer of
Lyon & Hoag to sell the block of land
bounded by First avenue, Frederick. Wil
lard and Carl streets, proposed as a site
for a new polytechnic high school, for the
sum of $71,230. Long suggests that an ap
praisement of the block be made before
any attempt to proceed further in the
matter.
Long also submitted the offer of F. G.
Bianchi to convey to the city property on
Fell street near Franklin as a part of
the site of the new public library for
$16,000. and that of James Irvine to con
vey a lot at the • rner of Fourteenth and
Castro streets for school purposes at
prices ranging from J25.000 to $35,200. ac
cording to the frontage selected. There
Is but $22,000 available for the purpose
and the lot selected by an ordinance is
appraised at $22,000.
Long reported that he does not deem
it advisable to proceed In the matter of
soliciting offers of the block bounded by
Sutter, Steiner, Pierce and Post streets
for a site for the Lowell High School, as
Golden Gate Commandery is about to
erect a large public hall on a portion of
the block and flats are being erected on
the adjoining trontage.
Long also reports that he has been un
able to secure offers from the Van Ber
gen estate, which owns tae block bounded
by Baker, Lyon, Fell and Hayes streets,
as an alternative site for the Lowell High
School, as five of the heirs of the Van
Bergen estate live in Germany and would
have to be communicated with.
WANTS CffILDBEN TO
EXJOY A VACATION
Millionaire Talbot Will Try
to Beach Agreement
With Wife.
Not until after the vacation period of
the Superior Court will the question of
the permanent custody of the children of
Millionaire William H. Talbot and his
wife, Annie, who is suing him for separ
ate maintenance, be definitely settled.
Talbot's motion to modify the injunction
heretofore issued restraining him from
interfering with his children was called
before Judge Murasky yesterday morning,
but after some discussion it was agreed
to continue the hearing until Monday.
It is understood that the continuance
was granted to enable Mr. and Mrs. Tal
bot to reach some agreement, if possible,
as to the custody of the children during
the summer months, that they may be
given a vacation in the country. Mr. Tal
bot is anxious that the youngsters should
take full advantage of the season, but
under the present conditions they are
restrained from leaving the city without
special order of court. If the question 6t
their, outing is satisfactorily arranged
before Monday, at that time the court
will make an order postponing the
hearing of the motion to modify the In
junction until later In August.
Neither Mr. nor Mrs. Talbot was in
court yesterday, their Interests being
cared for by counsel.
BRIGGS SAYS THAT PERSONAL
REASONS CAUSE CRITICISM
Resolutions Adopted In Fresno Against
State Board of Trade Report
Kxplalned by Manager. , ij^i
Resolutions have been adopted by the
Fresno Chamber of Commerce. In which
censure of the last annual report of the
California. State Board of Trade is con-"
tamed. Manager Briggs of the State
Board of Trade said yesterday he had
heard that resolutions were to be adopted
by the Fresno Chamber of Commerce
criticizing the report. Press dispatches
and publications in the i resno papers had
brought him information that "'such'criti
cism -had been made. Objection was of
fered to the form of a tabulation con
tained in the report relative to the ship
ment of dried fruits, raisins .and other
products^ through the terminal points es
tablished by the transportation lines.
The purpose in the tabulation was to give
inquirers accurate information concerning
the movement of California products,
their extent ; particularly. t
Annual statistics relative to shipments
from all points in tne State must neces
sarily be derived from the transportation
lines, for there is no other agency for
collecting this Information. The railroads
base their statistics on shipments at ter
minals. Fresno is not a terminal. It has
been mentioned, however, in every ?. an
nual report of the California State Board
of Trade for some years precisely as it is
in the report just issued. There is noth
ing new in this. .No complaint has ever
been made before, y
Probably none would have been ] made
at this time, Mr. Briggs said, but for per
sonal reasons which do not appear. "The
statistics contained .. in the annual report
for 1904 do not ! purport \u25a0 to ": show arid -do
not show anything concerning the. extent
of production in any section except as it
may, be indicated . by. the volume ; of busi
ness passing through the gateways iof
transportation.' The California „, State
Board of Trade has ' always labored \ for
Fresno County and will ' continue to do so
as much as • for any county ; in . the \u25a0 State,
he says, and » does not : think the 'Tpoint
made will be taken ' seriously by any. one
familiar, with the work and purposes of
the Board.in| wBBSBBUuBKttBBBi
. CAPTAIN BERMINGHAM • OFF. — United
States Supervlsinc Inspector > John Birming
ham lea vts for •- Honolulu, to-day on offlclsJ
business. H« will return at the end of the
month. v ."\u25a0 *-\-.J ' - ' • ' : ; •
THE; SAN FRANGISGO GALL/^SATURDAY, = JULWB, j!905.
NEW COMMANDER OF TROOP A,
CA VA LHY. N. G. C. . WHO WAS
ELECTED UNANIMOUSLY. :
CALIFORNIANS
ARE HONORED
Library Associations Give
Office to Two Prominent
Bookmen of Golden State
PORTLAND, July 7. — The American
Library Association closed its conven
tion to-day. There was no opposition
ticket to the one proposed by the nom
inating committee the first day. . The
following officers were elected:
President. Frank P. Hill, Brooklyn Public
Library; first vice president, O. W. Andrews,
Chicago; second vtce president,- Caroline :H.
Garland, Dover, N. H.; secretary. J. I. Wyer.
Lincoln, Nebr., re-elected; treasurer, G. A.
Jones, Salem. Mass., re-elected; recorder,
Helen E. Hays, New York City,': re-elected;
trustee of endowment fund, Alex Maitland,
New York City: councilors— G. T. Clark, San
Francisco; . Linda Eastman,: Cleveland; Alice
B. Kroner, Philadelphia; Mary F. Isom.-Port
land, Or., and B. C. Stelmer, Baltimore.
The eighth annual corive'ntion of the
National Association of State Libraries
to-day elected the following officers:
President, J. P. Kennedy. State Librarian
of Virginia: first vice president, J. L. HUlis,
State Librarian of California; second vice
president, Mary C. Spencer of Michigan; sec
retary and treasurer, Miss Minnie M. Oakley,
Assistant Librarian, Wisconsin Historical So
ciety. '• < - '» -
INSUEES BUILDING OF
FIVE SCHOOLHOUSES
Supervisors Favor an Ordi
nance for Erection of Much
Needed Structures.
Tlie Supervisors' Public utilities Com
mittee yesterday recommended the pas
sage of an ordinance providing \ for the
construction of the Bay View, Monroe,
Park, Sunnyslde and Bergerot school
buildings, for which I ' the sum of $350,000 is
available under the bond Issue. The City
Architect will be directed to prepare
plans and specifications for the buildings
which are deemed urgently needed." •
The 'committee also granted the pe
tition of the Board of Education that
the Park Primary School ; building be ex
empted from the provisions of the ordi
nance requiring competitive; plans, as well
as the other schools named.
Supervisor Braunhar^ stated " that he
had no objection to granting - the request
of the board, but he said ; an I ordinance
would have; to be passed similar to the
one providing for the construction of the
Washington Grammar.School,'which"ap
points L. Stone as supervising : architect
and also provides \u25a0 for; the \ appointment
of an ; assistant to ; tire Board :of | Super
visors who will act *as an" inspector on
the construction work. ' ,
San Francisco , News Letter.
.The, News Letter; prints] this*, week 'an fable
essay upon the conditions Y at Odessa, • and : in
addition to this are the following articles : | VA
Word to the ' General " Government ? Concerning
the Chinese Exclusion • Law'/ ; ; "John % Hay" ;
"Fourth of July"; " Methods of Clairvoyants";
"Newsboys' Strike": - "California's Great Re
sources in Building Material";; "Reminiscences
of Early Californians";- "The' Evolution oft a
Young Thing." . :, • '• •
Many Victims .' Report : Robberies.
Robberies in ; Sari % Francisco .' are be
coming more "and the thugs
are beebmirigr? bolder each- day. v R. F.
Hawes, a shoemaker, , has -\u25a0 reported to
the " police that •. his pocket ; ! had ,' been
picked of ?10;. : A .thief ; stole the purse
of Mrs. C.H. Perkins of 672 Ellis street
in Pragrer's department store. X It "con-r
talned $10^:25.. 'Articles of jewelry were
taken f rom ;the : home of Mrs,^ Kv ßrown,'
458 Twenty-fifthVavenue.:>, Martin r'Hink
of 2133 Polk street. reports, that' he was
robbed of harness valued at $15. \u25a0; >': V"
Brains That Work
arid a fountain pen will \u25a0 tell— lf you get the
right ; pen. ; Get •a .' 'Waterman j Ideal" , ; at ' once,'
or a ."Marshall,'' which- is ithe best : $1.00 pen
on ' earth ; to-day: 14-karat tgold • pen 1 and i per
fect feed.'- Lightens the " troubles and ]. vexations
of man ; and •• woman..?- Put I your money iln * a
"trouble proof; pen.T Sanborn, Vail & Co.; 741
Market street. \u25a0; r. \u0084 \u25a0-.t*-. \u25a0;,\u25a0\u25a0'.'*..-.\u25a0;.. ,• .. . •
Ad. Club Will Meet and Dine.
The Ad.[ClubVbfHhiSjCitykwiH hold
an informal;' meeting -and dinner on
Thursday ;evening;iJulyl3.V The [topics
for; discussion- arenas follows: 5 , VBusi-"
ness.' buildinjf > through Vt special i sales,".
James iA. Johnston, v J. % R.t Hamilton,!, W.
Ai :Holt, :> Benjamin ; Weed,';" Samuel ;R ;
Johnston;\:'What ': class .of i merchandise
Is \u25a0 best adapted f ; the S bill board?" ,? E."
A. ' Swasey.^: H; 'Gsj Longhurst; R. "C.
Ayers. A. I* Crane.- ; - : \: ; ; :
\u25a0;- Dr. Frlnk « removed *to 1141 14 j Montromery -\u25a0 «t.,
rooms 705-6; hours, 2 to 4. Specialties—Confln«
«tt«nu, • children* and •; women's ; dlseaae*. < •
LABOR TROUBLE
IS DISCUSSED
President Higgins Writes
Letter to . Secretary of
Typothetae on Lockout
CONTRACT INTERPRETED
Printing Pressmen's; Claims
to Enforcement^ of Laws
Supported Ar the Rules
: In a communication i sent to- Secretary
John Macintyre of | the United . Typothetae
of America yesterday, X President Martin
P. Higgins of ! the International 'Printing
Pressmen's Union accusesUhe local Typo
thetae of gross violation of the 'contract
between them. -The attitude : y'. of the*
printers has been that the agreement was
arbitrarily abrogated on July 3, when '\u25a0 the
notices were posted by the employers
that- a 'nine-hour^ day would- go into
effect. " .. :. >v ':" •'-- vV^tV
The eight-hour day was , arrived 'at by
the gradual process of shortening the
nine-hour day fifteen , minutes every six
months for two: years. It was finally
established January l.last, so it has had
but. six months' trial. /
The Typographical- Union says the con
tract could not be quashed until- both
sides have considered it, but ithe Typo
thetae disagrees and still holds out for; a
return to the : old schedule. President
Higgins' communication says in part:
We will not permit the United Typothetae
of America to juggle .with / that contract, or,
under the pretense put forward by you, to
attempt to use it for. the oppression of the
local Printing PresHmen's Union of San Fran
cisco, i We will ;. be forced, therefore, if you
persist in supporting the present " lockout and
giving it the sanction and .' moral support of
the United Typothetae, - contrary "to equity
and honor and justice, to advise . the - Printing
Pressmen' s and Assistants' " Union , throughout
the United States and Canada that' the con
duct of the Typothetae with respect to the
national contract Is not characterized \u25a0by . good
faith, "and let the ' Pressmen's ; and Assistants'
Union determine whether or not they desire to
be bound by contract to such a national body
of employ ing printers.. . • . : ..
AGREEMENT- NOT BINDING. ;
Tho national agreement will not be recog
nized as binding upon the Pressmen's Union
No. 24 of San Francisco. That question Is no
longer open to discussion.
He continues to say. that the interference
of Macintyre in the lockout , to i the dis
turbance of the ' local' industrial rela
tions may result In ! a' permanent breach
between the two organizations. "V
The International: Union forwarded the
local printers $1500 , last : night with which
they may continue the fight against the
employers and } it , Is \ the purpose of , the
union to maintain the right, according to
the previous contract, for an eight-hour
day.' I ' \u25a0 : :-. '-' \u25a0 .- . . \u25a0' \u25a0 \u25a0;. :- ; v V '
President French of the local ;• Typo
graphical j Union makes the following
statement describing' its view of. the pres
ent trouble: .: \. '\u25a0:•\u25a0;. "'''.. .[7: ;';
*In the effort to present the clatms of the
printing trade , unions •in the "spirit •of tem
perance,", advocated by The Call, 'we would
Impress jon , the public I the * main fact 1 that the
eight-hour workday was given to the employes
without the asking. ?>: It :. was ; offered '\u25a0 in '\u25a0 lieu
of a request for- a slight increase} of 'wages,
when business was prosperous and ". living ex
penses •. had increased -very materially " In San
Francisco." \u25a0 \u25a0' '-.t -\u25a0\u25a0„'.' :~ ' : \ - [ ; V.\ \u25a0'"- / /'." r"
PERMANENCY PROMISED.
The main \u25a0' argument \ used . in urging | the ac
ceptance of the compromise: was that of per
manency.' We were told that we 'would avoid
any possible friction" at ; the time-^-two and
one-half » years ago — and 'also , introduce the
eight-hour day In a -•'sane and business-like
manner."- The i officers \u25a0of the , Typographical
Union repeated the statements of the employ
ers, -, and the men , accepted, though | somewhat
reluctantly. A' few weeks after the introduc
tion of the present : system , a i meeting : was
called to ' change ' conditions, . but it : was ; not a'
succesH. :- However, idesplte the fact : that ; the
majority ' of employers were \u25a0 satisfied, | pressure
of a sort : that : may be \u25a0 imagined ' provoked; the
present unfortunate disruption of relations.
Public sympathy is strongly with us. | Every
paper In the city has I supported' our conten
tions. The : nine-hour offices are ' unable Vto
transact^ business. Th« '-' locked-out - men are
enthusiastic. " and are sure of the! result. The
pressmen I have • violated no agreement. The
employers gave away, of their I own accord the
extra hour,'- and I now. they want it: back. Legal
advice has,. been secured, and the pressmen are
in the ' right, • both ; morally; and ; legally. ; : \u25a0
A special meeting of the Typographical
Union will be called to-morrow afternoon
In the Shlels building, 32 O'Farrell street,
whan further action will be planned. The
printers 'employed , at 113 L Davis street
walked out yesterday I afternoon . in ' sym
pathy, with ; the! locked-out men, although
they, themselves,' are not members of the
union The " labor organizations will care
for them;' \u25a0;•';. :\ ."" .}',\u25a0.- ']\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0' '--' \u25a0 *•' i
NE\t OFFICERS ELECTED.
Riggers and Stevedores Are Unanimous
In Selecting Old Executives.
The Riggers', *md; Stevedores' ; Union
has re-elected : the majority of : its old
officers for "another six-months. ; They,
are as follows:.- ;.:, - \ ' \u25a0 ..'"\u25a0.
: p. D. ;\u25a0 Harthorn, president; • John -.TV Creary,'
first vice president; * Hugh McKevltt, * . second
vice president; John |H. • Dolan,: recording sec-,
letary: A. C. J Holmes, financial secretary; Pat
rick Furlong, ? treasurer; : sergeant at < arms,'; J.
Hurley; -\ warden,': William -Mount; . trustees —
Peter ,F. -Whearity. Robert Buckley,; Patrick
Desmond," Thomas ', Ford . and ,-. Maurice { Kean;
business agent, John JMahoney. r-V ; : "- "
At its {last 1 meetings Butchers'; Union
No.; 115, unanimously indorsed the fight
of the "printers \ for an eight-hour \u25a0 day.
Arrangements were \ perfected jat'f \u25a0-', this
meeting .: for the v annual, -picnic .to be
held Sunday) at : Shell ! Mound • Park.*- -The
following committee "has been delegat
ed to handleUhe affair: \u25a0
. a.' F. ; Brelin. chairman ; i Herman " Hay, sec
retary; Emil Bihn; treasurer; • George E.
Golden Thomas McGovern; ?Al - Friedman, ~F.
Zimmerman, Chris :- Hill." Chris " Hlllard. ~A.
Plltz, John: Bichberger, C. '- F. '^- Welch, s Andy
Schnucker. A. F. . Hooper, ; Edward Fuller,* Ed
ward '\u25a0 Brenan, ' Eddie ; Cull, A.: Parker,*-, Martin
McCormick \u25a0 Steve Hurley, John: Kriel, William
J. Wutrich,': Oscar- Muenter, ;.W.;.F: McGulre, "\u25a0
D J;; Murray, -Robert -.Van ' Tassell, - Henry
Schultz. Edward Schuyler, Edward C. Crowell,
William Murphy, :.Otto Hasenpush, ,; J. : yon
Hoenne G. McDonnell, :. D. " F. Mullin, F. Wlt
covsky, Dan Leddy, Charles -Wagner Jr., \u25a0 Dick
Maurer.^ Jack Sweeney..: ,- ;*- -V , ,• \u25a0
A new union calling itself the "Seal -^
ers'J Nq.'t l,VVhas S been launched >on the
city l f roVit ?, within? the last -T : fewy days
and iimmediatelyr after Itslblrthit made
its" presence ;felt;by/demanding?an> in
crease "of* wages^ from ' v <2 25 V> to J2; 50
per day. -So ; far tithe, "shipping ; com'
panies* have ignored .the "demands. ,
CIVIL . SERVICE V EXAMINATIONS.— The
United • States." Civil ; Service I Commission an
nounces 3 the • following examinations \u25a0:* at ' San
Francisco, * ; Los v Angeles, v ; Marysville, \u25a0:" Fresno
and Reno -on .; August ; 2 : .' - Engineer r clerk, iin
the '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 artillery j engin«eri office, ?- San Francisco,
salary $900 per ? annum, application ; form , 1312;
mechanician, | Bureau of Standards, Department
of I Commerce ; : and * Labor, I salary^ <800 • per ; an
num ' application * form % 1003 ; steward,' Freed
man:e Hospital,' i Washington,?; D. \u25a0 C. . .. salary
$720 \u25a0 per annum, application form : 1093 ; I medi
cal* Interne.? Government Hospital for thefln
sane ~; Washington,-' D.'-C.T salary $50 per month.
i application? form U312. > ; Apply-to ; the tUnited
States I Civil I Service Commission, ? Washington,
D-: C.,1 or, to .the -secretary. Board of Civil Serv
ice ' Examiners. \ postof fleer; . San s Franciaco;* for
application . forroa.T;. which j ahouKl rbe :•> properly
executed • and s filed i with the Civil - Service Com
mlsslon/- Washington.! D. . C.; •, - t
. "There / Is [ no) reason j^why, your'; watch"
should I not ; keep 'j. correct \ time] on some
particular/ day *of : the \ week— nor "why
your I store I should l"r un ' slowly" on ? cer-'*
tain daya. .' ; rAdvertisingr ? may« be Iso ad
justed as to eliminate "dull days."^ :
WANT c ASSESSMENTS \u25a0 REDUCED.— LouI«
I>vy, Julia Raver and | Mrs.l C. | F.; Llbby peti
tioned I th« Supervisors | yesterday Ito reduce the
assessments on their; property: holdings.' \u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0' .', ; \u25a0
Regular Prices on Men's Clothes of All Kinds for
Suitslßedi&fcOiie-Half 7"W f ne Boys' Vacaf/pn
»••>;. MMaln Floor) ;v; v F-'^'-Z^-i -'\u25a0 \u25a0 ><s^ir^^»»K- " ™"™"™^ "™^ » .' '\u25a0
i . ; There has been: Interest Ij&JS-IjsJ^FtA •" Second Floors
shown in. this great half-price sale of Men's liK'&^t¥fil . \s>econa * *oor/
f Suits. The styles are correct and, every suit Rvs!wf&3>f?V ' . \u0084 «••*...,
has the appearance of the best custom made. ; - \u25a0•a^i^^M'" .Two-piece Knee Pants Suits — A splendid
No possible mistake can be made, by partici- a?^SIPaHSB '"'- bargain at the price of suit. ... tf 4AC
pating.in this sale. :. " / • •K^^'aH'Sa ' 2)l«-fJJ
. These suits are this season's best 'styles jK^aji'^ygm^a' T
in Worsteds, Scotches, Homespuns, Serges. Washable Suits for boys, in all colors and
Cheviots and Thibets. Single and double W \u25a0 ; ,Jm^-^\3 *-M „:--- V V» ,» c^UJno- th.m at 1c«- td-,n it
breasted. styles. •\u25a0•y-'A good assortment of all -". m?m^j!m \%M '.\u25a0 SIZCS - We are_selhng them at less, than it
sizes to select from, -in'the lot will: be found i;^. cost to manufacture them. Sale AtT^»
a great many high-grade hand-made suits in La^ffia J J.aBy f T^ ) jafc''S price i*^V
the very finest Worsteds and Scotches.' Also " : -^;.fstr ixw&z&mri
a number of, fine Two-Piece Suits. Kvery gar-.: **^ * Khaki Suits — In brown stripes. Re- QQ/»
ment has the;original price ticket on it; cut duced from $1.50 to the sale price 07C
it in two and you have the sale price. t*£ : l9fc"f«ar
$12.00 Suits ..... JR6.00 w&& Wl® ' Blue and Black Cheviot Knee Trousers—
W!it : oolS2 l :'{ IS'oo iSfl/ Regularly sold at soc pair. Sale 0Q-
?25.00 suits . :................ .512.50 \M fgff Fnrnishmns
W««hVe«t»--We; have just received, a ship- ;£^ mMt ' ruriJlilllliya
mentof. Men's Summer Vests from our New -W?9 nh; r „,^ -, r * _<-»*•_ eiLs-*- ' ixr*»u .^it_.
York buyerT and they are the best we ever^, A^^tW-^-. Soft Madras Outing Shirts — With collar
\u25a0'\u25a0'.;•.. had." ; In the .lot; we show the latest thing in ' 'r^S-^-wnJ^ ' attached. Reduced from 45c to.. \f\/»
five-button vest with big V-shaped opening vnpi&pa*^- , . *}\J\»
;at-bottom. .They come in all ;the- newest '*^' .-. U r ~~~~ ....................
Shades of. gray, tan/browns and {4AJP Long White Duck PantS^ — Reduced 7C#
;:"Siff t^^y.S'Ue r . g : N-"-> . , . fr^..s..»s «°. *™ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -PC
A Free Belt Saturday Evening Specials 7tolO Only
Handsome wash I^. ' '^^
embroidered. Everything is here for your pleasure; no bother; little expense.
tu-iL r- ( \u0084,,;..,; _. Just step into our magnificent Krocery department, pay 5Qc and take
With Every Wash Skirt 10-Day along 'with you this delicious fresh lunch. *
'i^nnrtpinnr^ 1 package Uneeda Biscuits. . (Main Floor)
(Second Floor) l can Imported Sardines. Men»n Trou«*r»— ln neat striped.
{,„ . _, . T , .1 can Potted Ham or Tongue. worsteds and cassimere3, in a
\Wash Skirts— ln a great variety; 1 glass Marmalade or Jam (home- big variety of- patterns: light,
. - j j i i L"'j~ made) ' medium and-dark colors. Reg I -
come in piau-s and ducks; pleated -.i S^tfe "oil Yea. «iar J3.50 values. 4T*J «CC
back and sides; hemmed bottoms 1 quart bottle Beer (any local Sale price, pair - > J)£,»OD
and some strapped. Prices range l jar Perfection Cheese. Wash Vests — Twelve styles of ex-
r \u25a0„„ \u25a0 . 7 I\u25a01 ''\u25a0 mi f \u25a0\u25a0• c •'"-\u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0 f"/\ tra fine quality duck and cheviot.
irom , . \u25a0 .\u2666 Un f/>f S*//* in grays, tans and black and
7fl. I. ff-f HiT OllvlWl «/•*< white «ffecta; neat strlp«s and
isC TO J)I.J/J ——— fancy figured designs. ap»
\u25a0 J-r* - \u25a0 1/ \T * (Third Floor) Regular $1.50 values. Sale Jjf
_, . .„.'.'- . ... Cnstiird Cnpa — Yellow smooth price *" .
Shirt Waists— All styles; made of china. Always sold at Oi^ — : '\u25a0 • »_
fine lawn; embroidery and lace h a .d?!??l..^. d ?!??l . .^! e .^^ f 2^ ReCWlt 5c ClQarS—9 hr 25c
trimmed and some tailor effect. Mason Jar Cover— Mason porcelain * Sfv" 1
..,-..-\u25a0\u25a0 .. ; lined Jar. covers; complete with Bourbon Whlsltey— A hand-mada
Worth $1.50 to $2.2^ (Pf OZ rubbers. Always 25c a<f/J_ mash that sells regularly jr I" _
Sale price .. ...*P**£J dozen. Sale price, dozen UQ for 85c a bottle. Special^^Q
Butter Special To-Day v :' '".";'.. ' , ,'7^,;, '" : .."-'"" — —a Men's Summer Hats
(Fourth Floor) ' . /^^, .'^; : ;; '^J^-. (Main Floor)
For this sale we have secured H B AAfa^a*. -^^ <H 4^^^ 11.50 Fedora Straws — $1.00
the choicest Butter from the jM — \u25a0 H^S^ W\u25a0 W 'WT \u25a0 KM 11.35 Negligee Straws.... 7sc
two best creameries In this — B \u25a0 P \u25a0 \u25a0 B yM. i I- *« -o- w*
State. Every square cool #M LH \u25a0 LftUA &/^r $1.00 Yachts GoC
and firm. Regular 7*^^, W^ \u25bc _T^P / , * 75c Fedora 3 and Optlmos. .43e
c^ 1 ! ) :.^"!-.:ff?:^ C (mj AiW^ELIABLE Boys' 5 0c Straws 25c
Grand Orchestral Concert will > ' '' AfA M}fCJPT-*M2. tfOAfEiS iSJUS Our de>ll doii9 Ice Cream Soda,
be given this evening at 7 to '»T " £ "****~?^ :: ~~?~-- k ~-?rf * - : < I *« a «:*«"\u25a0• *rtH keep y«ra
10 o'clock. ; ' ' I 1 - i" \u25a0 iii \u25a0==m==as=a=ss== i \u25a0 i i cool and comfortable.
PERSONAL.
Lieutenant Governor Alden Anderson
registered I at . the Palace yesterday. \
Congressman and Mrs. Herbert Parson
have arrived from New York to join . the
Tar t party. They /are " at • the Palace.
Hon. KdwardE. McCall, Justice of the
New York Supreme Court, and * Mrs. Mc-
Call, L accompanied by. Miss Ella Gayner
McCall, Miss Constance *M. McCall and
Miss Alger./Walsh; arrived at the Palace
yesterday, en route to Japan. They will
return'on the Korea.
Calif or ii Inns In New York.
NEW YORK,; JuIy 1.- — The' following
Californians have arrived in NewTork;
i From San Francisco— C. H. Gilchrlst,
at' the Martha Washington; D. : McM.
Shoe and wife, ; at ;the Vendome; F. S.
Haines, at the Everett ; H. J. . Hart. , at
the Hoffman House;! A. P. Williams, at
the Imperial ; P. J S. Casey, at the' Mu
rray Hill ; J. A.' Gerner, at . the Hoffman
House; W. W. Wilmot, at the St. \u25a0 Denis.
3 From Santa Rosa— J. Einhorn, at the
Hotel Astor. > \u25a0/ ;1 TV*
.From Los Angeles— F. Creighton, at
the Hoffman House; D. C. McCann ;' and
wife, at ; the Breslln; F. W. Shea. and
C. O. Sheridan, at the St. '. Denis.
' "Rainier. Beer"' ,; men made demands
refused arbitration "and declared a boy
cott, a course of , events which is in di
rect opposition to /every American's
sense of justice. No need to suggest to
you to drink Rainier Beer. J?y •
Police ; CommlKiloneri Meet.
At a; meeting of the Police Commls
eloner3 last eveninz \u25a0- Albert Lanzendorf
of 1508 Vallejo street .was appointed a
police officer and Dr.. William C. Wilson
was named " as veterinary .*. surgeon for
the Police Department; At the request
of Dr. T>.~ F. Ragan, Health Officer, * the
eighteen sanitary inspectors will be
made 'special officers. ,
Setrlns-Machlne ; Borjcalnn.
Heal ones, at Singer. stores. Buy here
and deal: with the manufacturers. Tha
Singer f Company is permanent and re
sponsible; its. representatives l are al
ways at hand to care for Singer, ma
chines.;' Look for theired S. 1813 De
visadero 5t.,1580 Market St.; 210 Stock
ton St.; 1217; Stockton' St., 576 Valencia
st.,: San Francisco, Cal. ' ;.' , -•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RICH OR VOOR-YOU NEED TEETE
No one, old enough to know better, should
be neglectful of , that most vital ' and usef u 1
organ of the human system— -the teeth~ the
very guards to the gateway of health.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
should be found on the toilet table of every,
one, be he rich or poor. It will not tarnish
gold -work nor scratch the enamel. A per-
fect dentifrice— the one for you.
. S FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER PABT&.
Pennyroyal pills
\u25a0 - Ort«ln»T aad Only OcaaUe. > - '
P/ V*fc>*\SAFE. Alwits reliablt. Ladle*, uk Dru«trt
>«&^. '<>' CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
fr'Q&aGSL in HER »n4 tiold BtUUto boiM. i»l«4
*W , — ZSkfj with blat ribbon. Take so other. Befat*
ISk •% wl Da*ccro» SabaUtatioaa aad lailt*.
\u25a0\u25a0 I "/ '- ~ ' its Uoaa. \u25a0 B»y at yo«r Oroffitt, or nad 4e. i«
I \m JT tump* tor Partleaiar*. Te«tl»oalal« :
Im B'ul "Keller for Laaiea," in UtMr, bj re- .
,'IX \u25a0 - 1/ - tarn Mail. 1 0,000 Tattlaaaikl*. Sold kf •
> "t iaU Dracfttu. - • Cklekester Caeatleal Co,
HatttaßtklipapCT. MadJaoa »tun.PIUUU »•*.
r DRiPIERCESI 1 1
GOLDEN
DISCOVERY
: 'FOR.THE v •\u25a0-
I BLOOD,!.! VER, LUNGS. I
ICARTERSI ClJR£ l}^ W^ o^^
\u25a0Pittle Genuine Must Bear
WIVER Facsimile Signature
[\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0ai.J /&£**£&£&*£
833 MARKET ST.. OPP. VASO/T. n
. Special Vacation' Prlcea
This Month. / . -
AMUSEMENTS.
A Vaudeville Celebration !
Henirlette Oe Serrl»' Bronxe and Marble
\u25a0 Statuary; Mr. nnd \u25a0 Mrs. , Frederick
• \u25a0 Voelkeri Zaxell and Vernon Com-
\u25a0 pany; Schepp's Dok« and Ponlea, and
. Orphenm 'Motion Pictures.
Last Times of Mr. Claude Glllln»-water
~\ and Company \ Eight | Bedouin | Arabs %
Geor«e ,W. Day. and the Wilson Trio.
Regular Matinees Kvery Wednesday. Thtir»-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— IOc. 23c and 50c. . '
bULUmBI A l£AD!»8 IHEA-.2
MATINEE TO-DAY.*
To-Nlght and Sunday — Last Time.
LUtFRAWLEY
In Richard Hardlns Davis' Comedy.
"RANSOM'S TOLLY"
-. Special Summer Prices.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY \u25a0 NIGHT, direct
from Chicago. . Gllckman'a
YIDDISH PLAYERS
Presenting "Gabriel," "The Golden Country,"
"The Jewish King Lear," "The Jewish
Priest." "Kol Nldrey," .""The Interrupted "Wed-
ding." i
Seats. 25c to $I—Now1 — Now Ready.
• > JUTIXEE TO-DAT.
TO-NIGHT AND NEXT. WEEK
The Successful Comic Opera,
AMDILITA
BARRON ; BERTHALD. RCSEMARY GLOSZ
And ; a Strong Cast. \u25a0
MONDAY NIGHT, JULY 17th.
KOBRG Y
;. RFAPPEARANCE OF :
KATE CONDON & ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM
Production Staged by MAX FREEMAN
USUAL TTVOLI PRICES— 2Sc. 50c 75c
A T f^ A T A lS Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAK eT^p^:
. • \u25a0 General Managrer.
TO-NIGHT— Mats. TO-DAY and SUNDAY.
"Itls Delightful/—N ews Letter*
Th« Merry ' Comedy of Rural Life. \u25a0
iJp York State
-. * With Its Fourth of July Picnic Scene.
Evgs.. 25c to "sc: Mats. Sat. & Sun., 25c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY — First Time In Stock."
* Wm. H. Crane's Comedy Success,
O m RRIOB AT lON
. July 17— First Time on Any State,
Colgate Baker's Drama of Japan,
THE HEART OF JA GEISHA.
JULIET CROSBY a* Kohamma San.
SOON— WHITE WHITTLESEY.
! Market Street." Near Eighth." Phone South 533.
| .\u25a0\u25a0 : '-..-. V <»:. '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 .;. - . - - '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-•'-' " : \u25a0::
I MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
Carter's Great American • War Drama,
CHATTANOOGA
t~i \u25a0 m '3»J' "HH» aTtmPr-) — m4 — *M»Tir t \u25a0% \u25a0minimii
Ferocious of the ' Mounted Cavalrymen.
| Prices— Eve.'. 10c ,tp 50c.; . Mats., 10c, " 15c.' 25c ;
MONDAY, iNJULY 10. ' .
HEART OF THE KLONDIKE.
i.WEEK OF. JULY IT— The Great and Only
JOHN I. SULLIV^ in Past Life In New York
| . : ..\u25a0\u25a0..-\u25a0\u25a0 '. .' HOTEL*
I Compressed ' Air eleinlßf plant
I Room^ telephone* . i. C ';"\u25a0'>\u25a0\u25a0 '. 't " •
I Stum-htitindoscn flrtt.
1 Perfect ".ventilation ' : \u25a0 \';_ .
\ Pipe organ ' iand orchestra t
'. , Perfect >«erylc«:-. ,
Unexcelled cuisina . ,
: Every ; luxury • attainable
'\u25a0-••\u0084\u25a0'. * \u25a0"\u25a0'.\u25a0:•\u25a0"' \u25a0 " \u25a0•.:•\u25a0-- T ." \\u25a0.
CALIFORNIA -a
Edward Ackerrnan. Lessee and Mgr.
MATINKE TO-DAT.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT.
FREDERIC BELASCO PRESENTS
FLORENCE ROBERTS
la Her Greatest Emotional Triumph,
. '. ZAZA.' .
Saturday Matinee — Special Perform-
anca ot Ibsen's
A DOLL'S HOUSE.
To-morrow Night — "Teas of . the
D'Urbervllles." Friday afternoon. July
14 — Miss Roberta" Testimonial Benefit
for Hobart Bosworth. Seats Now Sell-
GRAND $i%\s
Matinee To-Day
, LAST NIGHT OF
The BELLE OF RICHMOND
TO-MORROW MATINEE
George Parsons M
Georgie Drew Mendum
In "Willie Collier* a Great Success
A TURKISH TEXAN
SPECIAL SUMMER PRICES— 23c and 50c.
CHIQUITA, the Living DoH
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Bvrnlnc In the Theater. .
CHARLES BIG.VEY. Champion
Hlgn Diverl
RIDE ON THE CHICLE SWING.
See ANNIE REDLINE. the PLUMP
LADY, and the BABIES in THE
INFANT INCUBATORS.
ADMISSION 40c I CHILDREN ....6c
COMMENCING TO-MORROW. .
PRINCESS FAN TAN
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
BASEBALL.
LOS ANGELES VS. OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK. ,
FRIDAY 3:30 Bum.
SATURDAY. ...........3 p. m,
SUNDAY .V.2:30 p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS.
BEAUTIFUL
MILL VALLEY
- FORTY-FIVE MINUTES
FROM MARKETSTREET
Schools, churches, plenty of
fresh air, magnificent scenery.
Lots in Schlinßman's Addition,
io per cent down,' balance on time
to suit. .
Write for particulars to agent.
Schlingman's Addition. Mill Val—
ley, CaL
. .\ .THE....
Los Angeles Times
San Francisco Offlce
la located In
ROOM . 10, .CHRONICLE} BUILDING
ARTIIUR L. FISH. Repreaentatl-re.
* .-' If ; you would do effective advertising
In"; the Southwest, "drop a; line" to , 4 the >
above ' address "or * telephone ' Main X4T3 '
and 'our :-. representative .will be ; pleased
;' to" call *on you with full Information aa
\u25a0 toTates,"etc ; ,
: THE' SUNDAT TIMES, •'with ; 3C-pa««
magazine, (2.50 a year by mall.
910
SPORTS
BRIGHT FUTURE
FOR CHAMPION
Fred Adams. Winner of the
Tennis Laurels, Comes to
Front With Bapid Strides
WORKS HARD FOR TITLE
Work of the Americans on
British Courts Eagerly
Watched by Local Cracks
The tennis cracks are enjoying a much
needed rest this week and will not engage
in tournament play either to-day or to
morrow. The main topic of discussion has
been the State championship tournament
which was completed on the Fourth.- Fred
Adams, the new champion, has come to
the front remarkably fast and bids fair
to becom* the premier racket wielder of ,
the coast. As yet he can hardly hope to ;
beat men like Bell, but If he improves
next year as much as he has In the past >
year there is no reason why he should not ,
be at the top of the heap. !
Adams hae been playing tennis only
about three years. During the last six
months he l;as devoted almost his entire
time to the game and that he has not
wasted his efforts was proven on Tues
day. Most of his attention ev»uently has
been given to his forehand drive, upon
which he xeUes almost entirely. He prob
ably has the best forehand drive on the
coast to-dayT but there is considerable
room for improvement in the rest of his
game.
His backhand is weak and also his net
work. He handles high volleys fairly well
but balls at his feet seem to get him.
His smashing is very uncertain, being
good at times and poor at others. He lobs
very well but seldom uses this stroke. If
Adams gives the same attention to his
other sttokes that he has to his forehand
drive and develops them as much he will
Indeed be in a class by Himself.
Adams undoubtedly had considerable
luck in the tournament just completed.
Just when Murdock looked to have a cer
tainty In his match with Adams, luck
favored the latter and enabled him to
even up the score in games. Adams' luck
ended here, however, as from this point
on it was superior playing that landed
him a winner. Again in his match with
Gardner was Adams lucky. Had Gardner
bten in good ghape and the weather been
cooler, the result would probably have
been different.
When Adams put these two cracks away
final victory was assured him. Rolfe did
the best he could but it was not good
enough to win a set from Adams. The
latter, aside from his luck, played some
fine tennis and showed his nerve in tight
places, He took the same chances no
matter what the score was, and win or
lose, in luck or out of it, the expression
on his face never changed. Adams has
the making cf a grand player and will
bear watching in .uture.
Although the English championship
tournaments are far removed from San
Francisco, the results are being anxiously i
awaited "here. Miss May Sutton. the little i
California girl, who last year won the
American cnampionship in a canter, won
the English championship tournament
withcut the loss of a set. To-day she
meets Miss Douglas for toe world's cham
pionship and while It Is expected she will
have the hardest match of her career, the
local tnthusSasts figure she will bring the
title back to California with her.
Miss Sutton has twice been forced to
an S-ti set, but this is not to be wondered
at as the English women have always
been considered the best players in the
wori*. Considering she has been playing
away from home and on turf courts, iiiss
tjutton has maue a remarkable record.
If she wins to-day the will be the undis
puted woman champion of the world.
The delegates to the Pacific States Law n
Tennis Association will meet Monday af
ternoon at 5 o'clock at L<r. Hardy's office.
The object is to arrange for the coast
championship tournaments which will be
played in September.
Tiie plan of charging an admission fee
to witness the tennis matches was tried
at San Rafael and vis not a great suc
cess. Whether it was w.is or the fact
thfct the final contestants were practically
unknown, the spectators on the Fourth
were less numerous than in the past. The
hotel guests were not taxed to witness
the gpmes while the general public was.
In future either there will be no charge
or everybody will pay to see the con
tests.
Tracy Crawford, chairman of the tour
nament committee, deserves great credit
for the abie way in which he conducted
the tournament. Crawford received valu
able assistance from Messrs. Rolfe and
Murdock. v
Although the tennis players have no
cause to complain of the treatment of the
hotel management, it is safe to say the
next State tournament will not be held
at San Rafael. The heat is terrific at
this time of the year and the players will
surely demand a cooler battle ground in
future.
ALAHEDAS AMI I'ACIKICS
TO .MEET IN SECOXD GAME
Scheduled Match for Championship
Will Be Played Arro«» the
Bay.
For the second time during the pres
ent, season the Alameda and Pacific
teams will meet on the ground at Web
eter street, Alameda, in a regularly
scheduled match for the 1905 cham
pionship of the California Cricket As
sociation. The Pacific team will be
made up as follows: * ' . •
E. H. M. Lannowe (captain), E. H. WHkes.
A. W. TVlidlng. H. C. Casidy. W. Pethertck.
Cecil Roblnaon. H. R. Elliott. Dr. O. N. Tay
lor. D. B. Jamieson. H. N. Storrs and H.
E. Bowly.
The Alameda eleven will be picked
from the following:
Harold Ward (captain). F. J. Croll. George
CrolL F. A. Stahl. L. H. Wheatley. S. M.
Foster. C. W. Irish. B. Blrd t H. Bird. G.
I. Baugh, J. H. Baunders. W. H. McNaughton.
11. D. Samuels and V. Seebeck.
During the Independence day holi
days two matches for the champion
ship were played at Santa Cruz. The
scheduled match between San Francisco
County and Santa Cruz did not come
off on July 1, .Captain H. B. Richard -
Eon finding it impossible to get eleven
members of his club together. On Sun
day, July 2, the' Alameda team played
the Santa Cruz eleven, suffering de
feat by 105 'rung. The Alameda men
might have lessened the margin by
careful fielding, but after, their total
had been passed they played loosely,
giving the home team many opportuni
ties to Bcore,
On the Fourth .the. Pacific eleven
played against the seasiders at Santa
Cruz and were beaten' by forty-nine
runs. The visitors found , the heat and
hard ground difficult to cope ' with, but
they made a good fight, Altman. who
-went In to bat last, keeping his wicket
up for twenty-five minutes. Wllkes
bowled well for the visitors, taking- 8
wickets for 29 runs. Petherick made
the good score of 42, not out. For Santa
Cruz Jenkins and Budgett batted well
end Sim rendered fine service* with the
balL
ANGLERS WHIP STREAMS FOR ELUSIVE BLACK BASS
Season for Taking Fish Now at its Height
GREAT HOUNDS
CARDED TO RUN
When Pocatelli and Humbbldt- hook
up to-morrow afternoon at Union Park
in their contest for. the Grand National
Coursing series a great race is looked
for. On form the rival greyhounds are
about the T>est in" this part of the coun
try and at the present .time they are In
the pink of condition, being trained to.
the hour for, the big. race: * '" ~
Pocatelli.will be on the red and Hum
bold ton the white. The bettors will be
given a royal chance to pick the winner
in this eventl .The wise ones look, for
Pocatelli to wade in and get away with
first course and possibly, the second,
but then they expect Humbbldt to out
game his fleet opponent and capture'the
ttake in the' final' spurt. --.. \u25a0''\u25a0;;"- :; ;
The coursing game: is looking up at
both Union and Ingleside parks. Hares
are as plentiful as money in a national
bank now, so the coursing men do not
have to worry any more on that score.
With the two parks running regularly
the dog owners have no. cause for com
plaint, nearly, every one of them being
able to place his entries without a great
deal of difficulty. , -;; ' ;
The IngleEide management still clings
to the idea of giving the public plenty
of coursing.' v The two-day meets that
have been going on for many weeks
now are apparently^ meeting. with the
approval of the bettors arid dog owners.
The three stakes the; card .'for. to-,
i day and tb-mbrrow contain a likely lot
of hounds and some good sport isprom
ised when they are slipped. ~ \ .-,_\u25a0: \u25a0'.; \u25a0
Probable winners at Union ;Park: /.'Grand
National Championship stakes, first trial— Po- \u25a0
catelll. . - , • * . -\-. * :\u25a0'.:'.\u25a0
Class reserve stake — Barge. La -Rosa, - Sher
man. Ina Clssus,. Silver ' Heels. "Choo i Choo,
Sampler. Shotgun. Belle "Free.- The "Referee,
Rocked Asleep. . Lord Brazen, Carlow .. Boy.
SeaLJon. Race King.. Fiower Girl, 'Tillle'R,
Amandan. .Young Johnny. Rex, Gambit,- The
Rival, Pasha . Pleasant. •• Loretta. .- Rector, \ Black
Coon, Presidio ' Boy, Cleon. •' Patched • Up, - Fair
Flyingr. • Hudson; ."Aeolus, Mavlo Clair. '.. ;•;*
Reserve stake^-The X Old, -Peach, Luxury'
Boodle Boy. Rowena Belle.. Fetterless. Little
Claude. Pa*llaecir* Peerless Polly l and Jimmy
Lj-on. ./.-•--\u25a0 T's \u25a0-' >, \u25a0 '-\u25a0 •\u25a0 '
Probable winners at Ingleside: Class stake
In Time, Valley Pride. Quita.-;Traie« Maid,
Foxhunter. . Eaele Bird."-. - :. ;. . ,
Reserve stake — May s S. : Cubanbla, •" Queen's
Motto, Barneys Ray,- The Earl,. General Fre
mont. Hidden Hatred, Butte : City. Lancashire
Lad, Real Pasha; Little- Plunger,; Anna Ryne,
May Tunlson, Miss \u25a0 Brummel. - Daisy - Rocket,
Dear Gaston. : *> •- '*" " -; .--•\u25a0\u25a0 ' •* "•, . \u25a0. .
- Open stake— Doretta, Haughty Helen, Lady
Leeds, Peerless" Beauty. . Lampre^ Eel, 'Fire
Maid. Doreen, Royal Spirit,' Lady. Fairfax,
Tar Baby.- Fairy Belle,. Potrero Grande, - Black
i Sky. Bob R. \u25a0My Surprise. Bright Pearl, Royal
' Friend. . Equator. Milk , Maid, . Golden Feather,
; Reckless Rose. v. Peerless i Patti, - Black \ Garter,
, Sunny. Shore.' '^~3E^vSfBBtKSBBSSS3BBSOE^a
. . \u0084'.;"..\u25a0,\u2666\u25a0\u25a0•„,,." — .y. v\-->
STEALS BRACELET FROM -WRIST.— Wah'
Gee. a laundryman at' £629 Bush I street report- 1
ed to the police yesterday that •while he was
standing' at "California and \u25a0\u25a0. EKipont- streets! 1
waiting for . a • car; Gin : Pon, : a > laundryman ; at \u25a0*
616 . Lerkln - street, * approached • him - and , grab- \u25a0
bins; hold of his . hand slipped a gold . bracelet
valued at $40 oft ; his s wrist. ;,-The police • arei
i searching ' for ; Gin Pon. -: •
theS s^^ fr^gisgo
CHARLES BRBIDENSTEIN, -ONE OF THE MOST WIDELY KNOWN . SPORTSMEN ON THE COAST, WHO , HAS BEEN PAR-. 1
- - -TIGULARLT- SUCCESSFUL- THIS. SEASON INi HIS VARIOUS . TRIPS t IN i QUEST OF. BLACK BASS. HE. HAS MADE. A
' STUDY OF THE OF THE FISH. .- ...\ ,•..- .-.--'.\u25a0 •\u25a0 '\ " ' ' \l ' '\ ~ '- ' '. V" . < j
UNCLE MAY YET HEAD
OFF THE TIGERS
*- , > \u25a0'. .. -• .-.\u25a0\u25a0' ; - : . \u25a0 . ' f . . ' , ' ' -\u25a0 [ \u25a0 ;-. -;/ , : •_ . \u25a0 ; \u25a0 • \u25a0:i'.-'..^...:;;V.->;:: i '.-'..^...:;;V.->;:
Hope ; Is Gen tered" in the :N qirtHern Trip
Only three, more (weeks' remain ; . in the
Irst ' half of V the present ; Pacific .Coast
League' baseball season \u25a0 and if u the .Tigers
sustain i: their; present s gait '-/the' shouting
?an be: done right* now 'by ./the Tacoma
Jans'. The Seals > have a'chahce,'; but; it
looks slim, for • they ' 4 will" be away; from
tibme' most ' of the tlnie j and il; everybody^
lOibws 1 that' San i Frahciscb* never • -! was
there on the road. :' ;r ' -'; ;r \u25a0 '
' Uncle' s \u0084bunch, bunch ; goes f . up north .in pretty
sood form to give battie tothe Tigers and
the : Giants." There are ; no .' cripples on/ the
salary ' roll \u25a0 at: the preserit'Hlnie- w^thlthe
exception of ' Kid ; Mohler.V Should l Uncle;
be- able to take \u25a0a - majority} of j thel games
ln\the? two*] northern^ series,! he; will »be* in'
is position tof make a driving; finish, and
jive ; the Tigers ' a' good ' run" for ; first half
honoVs. • - ;•' .
I > The reason ; why Tacoma \u25a0 > leads J ~ the
j bunch : is! that, she- can j play 'ball; on : the
road Justas well 'asoh the" home grounds.
The vTigers I have < proven !/ this '".-. from B the
Jump.-h Theyi come | down % here ; and Jbeat
the Seals} 5 and V Commuters'. '-.. \ At i Los , An
geles,: it's ! the i same old ftale,-,, while X? at
Portland, • and ',; Seattle 3 they have ; S been;
winning : nearly;, as J they ? pleased r with ; the
| exception r^of t the \u25a0 i last . series with Hthe'
Giants.?^. -,: \u25a0.:.-...-.. ' •; -\u25a0' ~/ : '\u25a0-} \u25a0 % ';\u25a0\u25a0>> :-'j- : \y--l
j "Uncle looks . for.; Pitcher . Royi Hitt ; 'to
i takelthe r Tigers down. the, llneaifew/jWhen
• lie 'gets. lpto;actionUn- the ; nbrth^Tacoma
I has^ neyerj batted \H against^ the> California
|. bueher.^andsfrom 1 his. reoentperformances
I In J this vclty > he j: figures itoi make! the !iTi-
I gere • go ;j some.LS Hltty seemsf able^to J pitch
every; day.; in t the cweek\wlthonut ' tiring ; and
if ; the ;\u25a0, weather s is * right r- f or| him** In \the
north j he "! should \ "get • away/; with .nearly
.'eve*ry4game.'.vp _. __ ........ 'j.. ,~- .
Found: in Plenty
smnQwer.
Fight fifterThey
Reach ßottom
of Stream.
This Js^the height of the season In
which -black "; bass .may. be "taken and
thesegamey fish are sharing favoritism
with-.the 'trout... They 'do not ! fight on
the Burfaco ''of the water after the fash
ion- of ;the;latter^' They.; go to the bot
tom'and make the sullen -fight of the
bulldog.".'- ';,v': ' r :- \u25a0" " '"' '\u25a0 \u25a0"'\u25a0 '•\u25a0--'\u25a0<\u25a0'
TheyJ are found- In. abundance in the
Russian = River, and .in' all the: sloughs
which V empty , into - .the . Sacramento
River.;' Ballards Lake at' Olivet, on the
California Northwestern Railway, is
well stocked with bass. Charles Breid
enstein,: W.. J. Street and others have
enjoyed ;\u25a0* some '••;\u25a0 excellent" \ sport there
since' the season opened. v . '
Joseph \u25a0 Sloss of the -Pacific Hardware
and Steel : Company lef t • f or : Lake \u25a0 Tahoe
yesterday morning' with 'a- -..'•party ot
friends., Sloss 1 and his followers will fish
the streams of that vicinlty T f or trout and
expect -to make ; a ; big • haul during their
sojourn. ;.;- :,j. ii,; - -i; >-\u25a0",*.';: r ,;
, Fishing, at -the Big Meadows continues
to pan out^ better than expectations. Pro
fessor { McMann § and * Colonel .\u25a0 Culver •; re^
port< the.' sport ' to . be ; the best in 5 years In
that : vicinity f and \ both V have decided to
prolong their, stay "while the fish continue
toV:bite. [ ."• Mr.'f Richardson •; and ' his ' party
arrived , f romf Big : Meadows *on . Friday
with i several t - well i; filled - : baskets.' / Sam
Wells >^md >/partyo will V- go \u25a0to the T. Big
Meadows 'on;, Monday.,; This is ; Wells'sec
ond itripi there \this j'season. \u25a0 ..".'-'
> According! to ; all;' the anglers, the
best?flies,'at this. ; season* of . the ?year for
trout-are " : the; hare- lugg.'i black f prince and
blue'bottleV : K~ \u25a0 , , • . -
J: Colonel^ Ybiuhg^ writes" that: he , is doing !
welltwlth-the- trout : 'ontthe-:Truckee. v J i He
sent } j sever alv boxes ': of : fish * to friends Tdur
lng . the 1 week.V; Jeff .Wells yesterday^ sent
a '.box jof \ trout 1 to " Dave Thorn. 1 1 Wtlls re
ports the game lively, on the Truc
kee.*' i The , riveri is getting lower j and the
fly^ fishing; is . unusually ', good.'v.V '.l : '\u25a0 - ; : ;
' Clarence - 4 Waterhouse i) is I having . lots (of
fun pulling 1 *'em" In on the McCloud' River/
j George j '-Tuthill'^and »Henryj Crocker -made
many • gobdi catches] 'during \u25a0"? the 4 last s week
at (Crocker's icountry.? home;/ on % the'? Mc-
Cloud. r T4They,.fhave i decided \u25a0 to : stay • and
; fishl: a* while -longer^ ;;—.; •\u25a0"-•'-•-•- :; ' : - 1
--. The V game*;: Ist reported . to~be:?flne and #
dandy^on .* Papers Mllli Creek. •• ; Joseph Uri'
managed -to •hook ; a . sixteen ;- pounder Mast
RACING MAKES
HIT IN DENVER
Present Season Eclipses All
Previous Meets Given by
the Overland Association
ELEVEN BOOKS CUT IN
Graham, the California Lad,
Makes Good by Piloting
Four Winners in One Day
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
' DENVER. July -7.— Favored by magni
ficent weather and with no cessation of
public support, the second week of. rac
ing at Overland Park was fully as suc
cessful as the preceding one. The class
of horses and riders is higher than ever
before, form has been well maintained,
and everybody is boosting the game
along. Eleven bookmakers handle on
an average of $40,000 a day, and it
would not be surprising to see thirty
days of sport at the Colorado metropo
lis next year.'
Graham, . the California apprentice,
scored a hit by piloting four winners on
Friday. June 30, three being favorites
and one a 6 to 1 chance. At first Gra
ham played in poor luck, but at pres
ent, with seven winning mounts to his
credit, bids fair to head the list before
the season Is over.
O. Chandler, another coast Jockey, has !
ridden consistently at the meeting, and
with a string of nine winning mounts
is closely pressing the veteran Johnny
Singleton for first place honors.
Ishlana. from the stable of George
Wentworth, is the star of the meeting,
her presence scaring all out of the
Brown Palace stake on Saturday last
but her stable mate. Salable, and Mon
tauk Belle. It looked such a certainty
for the entry that the books laid no
prices on the- race. The Wentworth
stable leads with eleven races to its
credit, of which number Ishlana took
four, Mocorito three and Salable two.
The latter three-year-old proved a great
surprise in a five-furlong scramble run
on Thursday, the 29th inst., in which
he met Prince Brutus, David Boland.
Flying Fox, \u25a0\u25a0 the "Oklahoma blizzard,"
and. other fast ones/ Because of his un
beaten record * Prince Brutus was in
stalled favorite, • and, together with
Flyinp: Fox and Boland, set the track
afire to the stretch. -Prince Brutus
cracked first, and.it then looked as if
the Oklahoma sprinter would win, when
Chandl*»r on Salable came with a rush
the last fifty yards, winning easily In
1:00 Vs.. David Boland lost the place by
a nose. ' ; - /-:
" George Burger has concluded not "to
start Ctlcres," the $5000 colt, at. the
meeting, reserving him for the fall sea
son at Oakland. Burger has picked up
five purses with Cousin Carrie, Sun
Rose, I,!bb!e Candid and Toleuo. The
latter horse finished third to Ishlana and
Freesias in the Neef 1 Brothers Brewing
Company Handicap, decided on June 23.
and .while ; being, cooled out after the
race suddenly^ fell dead. Rupture of a
blood vessel was the cause. .
Charlie Irwln, the Laramie, Wyo., cat
tleman, is" now the owner of Heather
Honey. He gave the Citrus Stable $400
for the brown mare and won her out
nrsftime at tho barrier. ;•*- 1- ,
Arthur Harrison of Stockton, who came
here with Emshee and Sceptre, has no
cause for complaint. Both horses scored
on the same day, and soon after he dis
posed of the former to Curl & Griffin for
$400.- : ', -
The^cashler for Ed Soule. the Oakland
layer,' was caught by a phony ticket
worker on June 28 1 to the tune of $30.
There was a bet registered on the sheet
of $30 to $fio-^-Ishlana to show. The grafter
altered the serial number on . another
ticket to" correspond with the ticket on
which the bet was recorded, and when
Ishlana' won headed the line behind the
bookmaker's stand. It was cashed and
later on the genuine ticket had to be paid,
much to the disgust of Soule. It is not
new work, but every now and then some
cashier' falls. .
"Western Al" Smith will probably not
be able to win a purse with Orchan. The
brown horse has had an ailing knee for
some time and one day last week went
wrong in one of his good legs.
Will: Clark, the young Montana turf
man^ shipped his stable of harness horses
tc New; York on Thursday. His great 3
year-old trotter, Bon Voyage, may round
to, but at present doesn't care what sort
of a gait. he travels. .."\u25a0•
H. H. Dunlap's pacer,' Harold D, a son
of Dexter Prince, lately took a mark of
2:111-4 in a winning race and several of
fers havo been made for the handsome
chestnut. He started In the 2:30 pace on
July 3 and. with. a heat to his. credit was
distanced in the third, after making a
disastrous "Jimmy."
Apprentice R. Taylor, with the stable of
Don Cameron, ' has " displayed capability
by piloting five winners, once finishing
second and three times Don will
ship Prince Brutus east from here, his
destination being the new Providence. ; R.
L, track. v
A; Kansas City concern, the Florida
Club, booking at Overland, wad" handed a
cherry. ripe one on Friday last. Some one
with a grievance gave the owner of the
bank roll $200 to lay off against Arby Van,
the Christy entry in a six furlong sprint,
with - the assurance | that the horse was
"in the can," and to take all. he wanted
for" himself. The "price about Arby Van
receded from 1 to 2 to 11 to 10 and Graham
landed him an easy winner. , After all of
the other : bookmakers had reached town
and were seated at the table enjoying "a
bird and a cold one" there was still a line
behind the I Florida Club, : resembling the
crush at a circus ticket wagon!
/ C r Al , Coney made quite 'a ". reputation as : a
sprinter en Sunday "last at a well known
roadhouse by defeating i Dolph Domedlen,
the widely known billiard-room proprietor
and sporting man" of Denver, in a 100-yard
"dash. , . Dblph has had all \u25a0 the ;fa t men
•sprinters of Colorado up his sleeve for a
number > of years, and was considered in
vincible. - Al , won with ease and Dolph
. announces - his 'j retirement.-. Considerable
.coin changed hands over, the result.
Sunday-, -beßides filling up his basket
with a: bunch of smaller ones.
4 Black , bass'; are : said jto be^ running good
at : San* Pablo. >^Thel boats i going ; out each
day . arel landing as - high : as. thirty^ at \u25a0 one
trip? .. They are taking. Wilson spoons and
number * fours.-. Many : of k the » well-known
anglers (arc , at .. San : Pablo, while others
are~.makingiready,for' the getaway within
the'- next *< few days. , \_-: ' ? , ; ',
iFred 'Bonn' and < Jack Sammi are fishing
atißallard : Lake arid 'having a' great' time
landing ] the black ; bass.' ; ; Both ; have met
with .unusual : good : luck. ''\u25a0 Yesterdajr E. : J.
Kaplan f.receivcd • a" . swell :- bunch - of ; the
f empting * fish \ from I 80nn. , ,; He ; says the
sportr t f at .. the ; lake;: i s just .beginning." "
-t Salmon"; fishing* is , : picking, up at Santa
Cruz, * Monterey £ and Capltola. jSome,"of
the'i largest fish { landed £in j* years ;were
hooked : during^the'lastlweek.''. Large^ex
curslonf parties i'arei leaving ~ for \ the ; sea-,
shore?, f It i\s expected 1 the* sport s will con
tinue '-: good 1 there ; for \ the balance - of ' the
J \u25a0'
M OTOR BOATS
TO RACE SOON
Prominent Yachtsmen Will
Take Up a New line of
' Sport in the Near Future
PLAN AQUATIC SPOKTS
Members of the San Fran
cisco Club Ready for a
Big Carnival on' Sunday
At Sausalito to-morrow the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club will hold' aquatic
sports and a power-boat regatta. It was
decided at the last annual meeting of the
club that a committee of motor-boat own
ers should have the management of power
boat events held during the season. Tha
committee appointed by Commodore W.
G. Morrow consists of F. G. Wight. Dr.
V. P. Buckley and S. D. Rogers. The
xommittee has divided the ©oats Into two
classes, the larger class including tha
Chipmunk, America, Olive, St. Francis.
Clalra and Favorita; and the smaller
class Including the Seauola, Sulu, Seal.
Olga, Regal and a Racine craft. Ths
committee has • not yet determined the
length of the course and the time of
starting. A course of about four miles
will be laid out for the larger boats, and
one of about half that distance for tha
smaller craft. First and second prizes
will be given in each class if three or
more boats start. The starting line will
be near the clubhouse and time allow-
I ances will be given according to the rules
of the American Power Boat Association.
The aquatic sports wrtl be In charge of
the directors of the club. The programma
will begin at about 10:30 and will last two
hour 3. It will Include swimming races.
| high diving, spring-board diving, chasing
the duck, walking the greasy- pole, a
swimming and dressing contest, a swim
ming and mast-climbing contest, a tilting
contest and a rowing, race In the club
boats manned by crews from the yachts.
To-iay and to-morrow are open on tha
programme of the Corinthian Yacht Club.
On Sunday, the 16th ins t., the first handi
cap race for the Elks' cup will bo held.
It is expected that nearly the whole fleet
will enter the event, which, is exciting
much interest. .
The California Yacht Club has the an
nual race for the Wallace trophy on Its
schedule for to-morrow. The course con
sists of two legs, a beat out and a run
home.
The Corinthian fleet, made up of the
flagship Speedwell," the sloops Genesta,
Harpoon. Edna, Presto. Discovery, Vixen,
Beaver, Meteor and Truant dropped an
chor at Dillon's Point on July L The
next day a nice breeze carried the yachts
into Suisun Bay, where the wind fell
light. After some hours enough . breeze
sprang up to enable the fleet to get above
Antioch, where a fine sail was enjoyed
on smooth water up and down the river.
After spending the night at anchor off
Antioch the yachtsmen started early on
July 3 with a good tide and breeze. In
Suisun Bay a calm was encountered, but
later a . fair jj breeze brought the fleet to
Vallejo. where anchors were dropped.
Early on the morning some of the yachts
started down, but the .breezes were very
light. At about 3:30 p. m. the Speedwell
picked up a little wind and got as fai
as the Brothers, where it died out. It
was 9:30 p. m. before moorings were made
In Tiburon Cove.
The sloops Aeolus and Mischief were
under way during the holidays, the for
mer anchoring at Vallejo and the latter
being on a trip up the Sacramento River.
The schooners Lady Ada and "Martha
and the yawl lola. flagship of the Cali
fornia fleet, touched at Vallejo, the la3t
named Joining the Corinthian fleet.' The
sloop Pactolus of the California Yacht
Club was at Vallejo on the Ist inst.
SAX FRANCISCO GOLF CXXJB
TO HOLD MRS. CROCKER CUP
Golfers Think That Charles Clark's Big
Gift Should Have Been a Chal
lenge Trophy.
The golfers at the Burllngama Coun
try Club expressed the opinion gener
ally that the silver cup presented by
Charles W. Clark for the handicap
over eighteen holes, medal play, for
men. wa3 altogether too handsome
and valuable a trophy to be won in a
single morning's play and a handicap
competition. As some of the competi
tors had handicaps of thirty strokes
it was not at all unlikely that one of
the long handicap men would get away
with the trophy. The announcement
had been made that the cup would be
competed for annually during the In
dependence day holidays and that it
must be won twice by the same man
before becoming his property, but Mr.
Clark, before • leaving the State, ex
pressed his desire that the trophy be
won\ outright in a single contest. 1 A
telegraphic message asking him to- re
vert to-'the first conditions was sent,
but proved of no avail.
Of the* : thirty- two players who en
tered only twenty actually played and
the great heat Induced several of
these to retire after making one round.
R. Y. Hayne of the Burlingame Coun
try Club, Frank Kales' of the Clare
mont Country Club and^S. L. Abbot Jr.
of the San Francisco Golf and Coun
try Club were the scratch players. R.
Y. Hayne is a son of the late Judge,
Hayne and Is about to enter George
town University. He learned golf from
F. J. Reilly, the resident professional
of the Burlingame Country Club. He
returned the excellent score of 40. 42.
total 82. his card showing four 3's
and three 4's. Frank Kales returned
' 85, his chard showing a 3 on the first,
a 2 on the tenth and five 4*s. R. G.
Brown's returns included six 4's. S.L.
; Abbot Jr. was late in starting out and
[ found the sand putting 1 - greens, with
[which he is unfamiliar, a, great handi
cap. Though he reached the green in
two strokes on all the 1 short holes and
in three strokes on the long ones, his
score : mounted up on the puttlng-
I green. R. B. Gring, one of »ne handi-
Icap men. tied Hayne with a score of 97
• less-12, net 82. In order, to escape -the
heat of the afternoon it was agreed to
wait until 5:30 p. m. before playing
off the tie over eighteen holes. The re
sult; was as follows:
' R. Y.~ Hayne, 85, scratch, 85.'
K.B. Gring, 105,. 1i>,\ 90.
- Mrs. R. G. Brown's ~ victory In the
ladles*, competition. : the Mrs. William H.
Crocker 'Cup. , was almost a foregone
(conclusion, as the'eontest was a scratch
( one. Her name and score will be en-
I graved on the handsome trophy, ;whlcb
j will be In the custody of the San Fran
cisco Golf , and : Country Club for ?-. one"
month and - will then be sent \u25a0 back to
the \u25a0; Burlingame > Country Club. - Chal
lenge ' trophies are usually held ,by : the
club ,of the -winner is a member
untila short time before the^next com
• petition." a sultableguarantee for their
I safe ' return 1 being ; gfven." :
> CITY GETS ITS SHARE.— Th«G«arT Street
Railway Company yesterday turned" over to the
City, Treasury .the sum of" $629 31, being 5 p«r
cent j of " the ' jrroas ' receipts of the : road - during
june.>!aiflnflßliHMHHlßf :TIGERS ADVANCE BY TAKING SEALS DOWN THE LINE
COLONIAL GIRL
FINISHES FAST
After Dropping Behind Go
Between and Merry Lark
She Cuts Loose Near End
FOUR HORSES COMPETE
Gamara Gets the Show by. a
Sprint in the Mile and
Furlong Race at Brighton
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SCEW I'ORK, July 7. — A fair crowd
turned out to see the races this after
noon. The wea-ther was a little too
hot for comfort, but an ocean breeze
tempered it somewhat. The track was
fast.
There were only four starters in the
founh race, a handicap over a mile and
a furlong. ColoniAl Girl ruled favorite,
\u25a0while Go Between and Merry Lark were
also well played. At the start Colonial
Girl was off ia front, but fell back to
third and raced in that position to Merry
Lark and Go Between, along the back
stretch.
At the far turn she moved up to the
front and held the lead to the end, win
ning handily by a legnth and a half
from Merry Lavk, with Gamara third,
a length in front of Go Between. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
for maiden three-year-olds and up; purse:
Bmins. Hot-fee. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3to I— Don Royal. 11l (O'Nell) 1 12 1 3 l i
13 to I—Black1 — Black Princclll <B11mn) 6 3 }4 224
15 to I— Banker. 110 (W. Knai-r.) 2 2?i 31^
lime. 1:47 *-5. SUrt rood. Won easily.
Winner, T. L. Watts' eh. c. by Donovan-Royal
"Visit. Ismailian. Sailor Boy. La Golden, Bou
vi^r, Btndtrton and Brother Bill finished as
earned.
SECOND RACEr-Fiv* and a half furlongs;
re! I ins; for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
710 s—Ala5 — Ala Russell, 109 (Burns). 1 14 12H
6to 3-7-Consistect. 109 (.Johnson) 2 2H23^
Sto s— St. Ketephe, 106 (Martin) 4 4 3 3Uj
Time, 1:07. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. K. Church's eh. f. by Russell-Alahala.
Kdlth James. Expressing, Kuro Leiber. Lan
oham, Bartesqw. Dodlna, Nlantie, Ked Ruby,
Maureen and Libertinus finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlonge; three-year
rld fillies; curse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Ftn.
Ito 4— Rote of Dawn.ll2 (Shaw) 1 1 I>*l 2
'to 1— liiamond F1U6h,112 <Bn») 2 ;t >, 2 1' 3
20 to I—Gotowin.1 — Gotowin. 112 ixyseil).... B 2 h 3 %
Time. 1:14 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
inn«T. H. B. Duryea's eh. f. by Hamburg-
Poetess. Bellatrix. Katie Caffrey. Maid of Ttm
buctoo. Nopal, Belle of Setauket. Hyacinth
and Winsome Winner finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — t^ne ana an eighth mile*;
triree-year-eMs and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. JocKey. St. «i Fin.
«to s—Col.5 — Col. GirLl-'0( A. VV. Booker) 1 3 H 1 li
14 to s— Mc.ry L-trk,lo2«HJldbrnd) 2 1 2 >«
7to I— Gamara. 100 (Miller) 4 4 4 3 1
Tim?, I:M3-5. Start pood. Won handily.
Winjer. C. E. Row's b. m. by Meddler
fcprifirtide. lio Between also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
f&ur-ytar-iilds and up; celling:
B«tlng. Horsp. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
«! to I—The1 — The Southerner, 106(Knp) 9 6 1 Va
10 to I—Champlain.lOlfJ.J.Wlsh)1 — Champlain.lOlfJ.J.Wlsh) 5 3 1&2 6
7to 10— Runnels. lOC (.Sperling). 3 2 3 3 h
Tim*.' 1:46 4-.V Start gooi. Won driving.
Winnrr.' M. Corhett'e br. h. tiy The Oommoner-
Vie. FlaruniuLa, Canteen. St. Breeze, Bill
Curtis, Arsenal. Hippocrates, Thistle Heather.
Rough and Tumble finished as named.
, SIXTH "RACE— -Six furlongs; ttto-year-olds;
r-urs*:' ; -*- >.- •
BetUng. Horsp. Weight. Jockey. St. •; Fin.
9to 10— Yank. Consul. lM(Hlldbrd) I I^l6
7to s— King* Daughtr.llKLyne) 2^3 2 V,
*«tc X—iiiTfy F, I^2 <O'Neil>..3 32 38
Titne, 1:13 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Tippjh Farm's Stable's br. c. by Sem
proni UK-Lady Inez. Third Mate and Sandstorm
finished as named.
\EW YORK ENTRIES.
.NEW YORK, July 7. — Following: are
the entries for to-morrow at Brighton
Beach:
First rac*. about two miles, the Punches-
Vu. ii nsk»*. handleap. steeplechase — Messina.
130. Champs Efysees 140. Csstalian 152, Opun
tia 140. Jim Newman 144, Cheiro 140, Candling
1-45. Ogress 140. Queen Belle 133. Rathowen
132, Rat* 137. Paula ker 142.
Second race, six furlongs, three-year-olds
and up, -piling — Right and True 105, Buttons
110. Conseulo II 04. The Mighty 1(8, Jay Fay
107. Vlona. 103. Consideration 110. Longshot
UU. Lin- of Ufe 10S. Old England 105, Bel
lig»rant 105. Chieftain IC2, Lang Dolen 94. Ma
jor Peiham 1 1:.. At wood 113, Girdle 106. Golden
Rule 105. Royal Legend 105. Robador 102, Gold
Ten 107.
Third race, six furlongs, two-year-olds — Osi
ris 100, i »ry 107, Cinchona - 107, Brookdale
Nympjj 112, Old Faithful 107. Caselnl 107, Miss
Lingard 97. Ladearion 107, Whimsical 104,
Merrlck 104. Georglna 97, Nostromo 100, Old
Guard 107. Veronese 107. Rye 100.
Fourth race, mile and a quarter, the Brigh
ton Handicap. f25.000 — Beldame 122, Ostrich
90. Mons. BetLUcaire 106. Ivan the Terrible
83 Ort Wells 125. Adb?ll 103. St. Bellane 99.
Artful 103. Dolly Saasker 11 L
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Bronxe Wing 103. Voladay 102. Jennie McCabe
67, NJbllck 86. Onward 91. Pronta 96. Will
King 0», Lady .Tocelyn 103. Action 106, Chim
ney Sweep 100, New Mown Hay 100, Memories
109. Port Arthur 94.
Sixth race, nve and & half furlor.es, two
year-old maidens — Amfortas 110, Osiris 110,
Tipping IC7, Holloway UO, Muffins 110. Mon
terey 110. Ltetlws 109. Albert F 110. Hallomss
11©. . Yellow Girl 107. Merry Go-Round IC7,
Paloro 110. Adesso 110, Sir Caruthers 110, Hes
ter W 107. Cacr.ce 107.
Weather clfar; track fast.
SEW YORK SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning- Telegraph.
First -. race Jim Newman, Candling;,
Castaliaa.
Second race— Buttons, Royal Legend,
Old CnKland.
Third race— Whimsical, Whitney en
try, Cinchona.
Fourth race— Artful, Dolly Spanker,
Ort Well*.
Fifth race— Will Kingr, Pronta, Ac
tion.
Sixth race — Caprice, Listless, Osiris.
\u2666•YSONBY OUT OF BRIGHTON.
Horsemen Keenly Disappointed Because
Star la Not Entered.
NEW YORK, July .7.— Sysonby, the
great Keene three-year-old, hailed as the
champion of the year, is not. carded .to
start to-morrow in the Brighton, the
richest of all aged handicaps run In
America. His absence is a source of
ketn disappointment to the army of race
goers. Artful and Ort Wells have, been
looked on a» the horses most likely to
wrest away from Sysonby his fast accu
mulating laurels. Beldame, whose glory
has bwn somewhat diminished by her re
ccnl defeat, along with Delhi, in the
Brighton mile, won by Ort Well*. Is also
named to go in the handicap 'to-morrow.
This historic event, with a guaranteed
value of $25,000, the winner to take not
less than $22,000, has been contested for
by the very best horses the American
turf has known.
As among Artful, Ort Wells and Bel
dame there is a wide divergence of opin
ion as to . the relative merits and it will
he difficult to forecast the public favorite
until the track conditions to-morrow are
known.
Ort Wells will attract a golden follow
ing. Artful, winner of last year's Fu
turity, only once failed to finish in front
of her field and that was when she was
sent to tbe races for a Futurity lesson,
the race being won. as her owner in
tended, by a stable companion. With
only 103 pounds to carry, to-morrow.
Artful , will run the fast Brighton course
In a manner to set her rivals dizzyvflJHfl
beldame, by no means out c r . the race
WISE BETTORS
CASH ON AURAY
Gerolette, the Favorite, Is
Carried Wide Into the
Stretch, Losing a Chance
HANDBOOK MEN WORK
Gamblers Closely Watched
and Crowds Are Afraid to
Take Chance With Book
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, July 7.— Three favorites
and three second -choices won for the
wise men at Delmar racetrack to-day.
Auray, heavily played in the fourth
event, carried the favorite, Gorolette,
wide into the stretch, and won by vir
tue of good fortune. Elliott's entry
seemed a sure winner turning' for home.
Thousands of dollars were bet on Auray
in the ring.
The hand books are still taking ev
erything- that is offered, although the
attendance is very light and there is
no chance to round up a Hook. Less
than 700 persons were present to-day.
The continuance of the gambling cases
has made it certain that racing will
continue till July 24 at least. i
The racetrack people say they will
surely win their case in the : County
Court when it does come up. Then they
will race all summer. Summary:
First race, seven furlongs, three-year-olds,
maidens, selling — T. J. Powell, I*7 (Harris),
fc to 5, won; Ohetvan 95 (Sewell, 3 to 1,
second; Mary MawJ.' IV2 iColbeck), 12 to 1,
third. Time, 1:32. Good start; won easily.
Winner, S. B. Burnett's br. g. by Le Premier-
Blazon ne. Seaworthy 102 Pacheta 102.. Happy
Chap 102, Sly Musette 95,* Brownie S*s. finished
as named.
Second race, six furlongs, two-year-olds and
up. selling— Tom Klley. 112 (L. Wilson). 2
to 1, won; Athena. 105 . (Sewell), .. 3 to. 1,
second; Tom Mankins, 107 (McGee), 3 to 1.
third. Time. 1:17 3-5. Start straggling; won
driving. Winner P. H. Hiekey & Co.'s oh. g.
(4) T>y St. Pancras-Yolande HI- Suzanne 95,
Fanette 110. Ben Lear 100, Radium 105, Rose
court 105, finished as named. " -~ :
Third race, five iurlongs. two-year-olds,
purse — Follow the Flag, 105 (T. Brady), 2
to 1, won; Dick Redd 108 (L. Wilson), 3 to
1. second; Sadie Martin. 105 (Colbeck), 8 to
1 third. Time, 1:0 c. Start good; won driving.
Winner, W. A. Klrwan & Co's br. f. by
Handsome-Louise Lee. Mrs. Dustin'los. Peter
Nathaniel 106, T. B. Zero 108. Seed Cake 105.
finished as named. . .
Fourth race five furlongs, two-year-olds,
purse — Auray. ICS <L. Wilson), 3 to 1, won;
Gerolette. 105 (Sewell). 8 to 5, second;. Kizel,
10S (Glsbourne). 6 to 5. third. Time, .1:04.
Start fair; won driving. Joe Shields . 10S.
Secret ICB. Floral Artist 108. Plnta 105, fin
ished as named.
Fiftfi race \u25a0 seven furlongs, three-year-olds,
selling — Mail. Box \lO5 tßliss). 5 to 1, won;
Atoga. 85 (McGea): 10 to 1, second; Sandal
wood 102 (SewelY). 2 to 1, third. Time.
l:3i>3-5. Start good; won driving. Winner,
Hlckej- Bros." eh. c. by Box-Malvaß. Mrs.
Jack Dolan 95, John Randolph 97. Fortune
Teller 95. Belle of Manhattan 95. Idle Hour
100 finished as earned. .... V
Sixth race one mile and twenty yards, four
year-olds and up— Light Opera, 102 "^Sewell),
even first; Tony Lepplng. 107 (Rice), 3 to 1.
second; Mammon. 100 (Harris), 6. t0 1. third.
Time 1:45 2-5. Start good: won driving. Win
ner Lemp & Co-s eh. g. (5) by Counter Tenor-
Owilght Never .More 107. Outlaw 97* Jim
Tjrell 100, Blsmarct 110, Lookaway 100, Frank
Carr- 05. finished as named.. '\u25a0 .• • --\ \u25a0;«"'.-
St. Louis entries:
\u0084 ST. .LOUIS.. Jujy .7- — Following ' are
the entries for £o-mbrrow/at Delmar:,
First - race, - seven furlong.- selling— Mlladl
Love 107. J. "W. O'Neill lwS, Dave, Sommers
103 Dr. Rlley 10S. Dr. Hart 10S. Mynheer 1<«.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing. Two-year-olde— Frenchle'i First BC. R*
quest 101, Burnolette 101. earfaparilla .101,
Black Pat - 102, Conde - 104. Katherlne . L 101,
Don Hamilton 110. Mrs. Murray 109, D. ; G.
Taylor 96. ,„ £
Third race, ssven furlongs, eelllne— Emma
Meyer 101. Tom MankJns 97. Kenton 102. La
toUa 100, Cardona 105, Bandlllo 107. Wakeful
li>*. Second Mate 10C, Lady Sellers 97.
Fourth race. mile, purse— Folies Bergeres
97 Taby Tosa. 89, J. P. Mayberry 103, Foot
lights Favorite 101. A Muskoday 97.
Fifth race, one and a. sixteenth miles, sell-
Ing— Bavarian 93. Hubbard 102, Hllee 102,
Mariin 101, Bravery 97. Aten 91.
Sixth race, blx furlongs, selling— Debbie May
97 Gene Handlon 102. Wlllowdene 103. Atlas
100 Kemp 103. Ed Ktley 103, Potter 105, In
vestor 91. Apple Sweet 103, Mattie Spencer 9a
Weather dear; trtck fast. ;
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
First race— J. W. O'Xelll, Mynheer,
Dr. Hart.
Second race— Don Hamilton, Conde,
Bnrnolctte. "'
• Third race— Wakeful, Bandlllo, Car*
dona.
Fourth race— J. P- Sfayberry, Foot
llsfatM Favorite, Taby Tosa.
Fifth race— Bravery, HHee. Marlln.
Sixth race— Debbie May, Wlllowdene,
Appl«- Sweet.
ATHLETES SHOW GOOD FORM
IN BIG MEET AT PORTLAND
McDonald of Seattle Breaks tbe North
western Record In Throwing; the
Fifty-Six Pound Hammer. :
PORTLAND, Or., July 7. — The first
seven events of the Pacific Northwest
Association championship games took
place . to-day on the Lewis and Clark
stadium. The weather was perfect and
some very good records were made. .
The 100-yard dash was not run as
fast as expected, but this was due to
the fact that Emithson, who Is a 10 flat
man. hae a loose tendon and was un
able to do himself Justice. Williams,
Smlthson's running mate, got first
place in this event! -'\u25a0 McDonald of Se
attle broke the Northwestern record in
the fifty-six pound welgut, making a
throw of 27 feet 9% inches. Past time
was made in the 440-yard run by Wil
liams, who did this event in, 50 3-6 sec
onds. Following is the summary of
events: , ...
100-yard dash— Williams won. Smithson
second, Moores third. Time, 10 2-5 seconds.
Sixteen-pound shot put— McDonald (3. A.
' C), <0 foet 10% inches, won; Huss CM; "A.
C.)i 40 feet 6U Inches, second; James (M. A.
C). 33 feet 5 inches, ' third.
One-mile run— Harris (S. A. C.) won. Gates
(M. A. C.) second, Coyle (S. A. (J.) third.
s»i-pound welcht— McDonald (S. A. C) won,
27 feet »% Inches; Johnson <M. A.' C) second,
25 feet 10 Inches: Hartney (B. P. A. C.) third,
24 feet 11 Inches.
220-yard low hurdles— Frleselt (M. A. C.)
won Dowd <8. A. C.) second, Moores (M, A.
C) third. Time, 27 8-5 seconds. -
440-yard \u25a0 run — Williams (M. « A. C) won,
Cre«nhs.w (M. A. C.) second. Hun toon (S. A.
C) third.- Time, 50 3-5 seconds. -
Brrad jump— Frlesell (M, A. CL) won, 22
feet r^A inches; Grant (S. A. C.) second,' 19
fpet 10 Inches; Frohman (M. A. C.) third, 19
feet 10 Inches. \u25a0\u25a0_/\u25a0
Goodman Beats Lewis.
CHELSEA. Mass.. July 7.— Kid Good
man of Boston was given the decision
over Harry Lewis of Philadelphia -at
the end of. a flf teen-round' bout. before
the Douglass Athletic Club to-night. ;
under any conditions of. track or weight;
will carry her. impost of 122 pounds In a
manner commensurate with her, splendid
record.
The entries are: Beldame,' 122; Ort
Wells. 125; Dolly Spanker, 111; Adbell,
108; Monsieur Beaucalre. 106; ' Artful, 1 103;
Ivan the Terrible, 95; St. Bellane, 99;
Ostrich, 90.
SKULL FRACTUKED.— Lee Mal&barj- of
the Ansonia fell from hU» bicycle last ntght at
Gcaty and Larkln streets and bis skull was
fpmrf'-r** - \u25a0\u25a0-....
-\u25a0• .'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' ' . . \u25a0.\u25a0•..":'• * » '. - ,\u25a0 \u0084 -\u25a0\u25a0 '-'\u25a0-'\u25a0; ',-'\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0 r --\u25a0 ' ' ' . .
THE- SAN. FRANCISCO, CALX; SATURDAY, : JU LY 8; J1905:
TWO FAVORITES
GET THE COIN
Bettors Find It Hard to
Pick a Winner in Third
llace at Latonia Track
3fEETING TO CONTINUE
American Turf Association
Takes Gorman and Jockey
Shaw Back Into Fold
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, July 7.— While the card
waa not overburdened with class * at
Latonia to-day, the complexion of the
various , events made the programme
more interesting than might have been
expected on an oft day.''.
The third race, at one mile and fifty
yards, . proved the hardest nut for j the
speculators to crack. .Only; two favor
ites came home in front to-day. .
At a meeting oCthe American Turf
Association here to-day Owner Pat
Gorman and Jockey D. Shaw were re
instated. Talbot- Brothers will ship
East in the near future, beginning the
campaign, at. Saratoga. The meeting
here will continue at least five weeks.
Summary:
First race, clx furlongs— Blytheness won.
Nominee second, Fontesia third. Time, 1:15.
Second race, five furlongs— Lela Duffy won,
Zienap second Lilita third. Time, 1:OL
• Third race, one mile and fifty yards — West
ern Duke won, Havlland second. Regale third.
Time, 1:44 2-5.
Fourth race, six furlong^ — Felix Mozzes won,
Fleuron second. May Ellen third. Time, 1:15.
Fifth race, short course steeplechase—Poor
lands won. Evander second, John -E. Owens
third. Time. 3:14 1-5.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Granada, won,
Carthage second. Agnolo third. Time." 1:01%.:
CIXCIXXATI ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI, July 7.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow, at Latonia: ;
First race, seven furlongs,' selling— Merino 87,
Green Gown 87, Arthur Cummer 82, Colonel:
Jim Douglas 97, Autumn Leaves 08, Flora Wll-
loughby VS "Birch.: Broom -98. Cardinal Wolaey.
106, Butlnskl 102,- .Foxmeade 106,'Gus'HeIdorn
102. "'' '* \u25a0". '\u25a0* '\u25a0 : -"•'
Second race, five furlongs, puree — Hogan 105,;
Oak Duke 105." Goldic 108. Antilllan 108, Hype
rion II 112, Two Bills 112. \u25a0<\u25a0 '-- >'. ' ..
Third race, one. mile,' selling — Our Sister BS,
Mcllvain 95, Bonnie Burr 97,- Louise McFarlan
09. Stroud 100. Tapiola 101, Uqt 102... Scotch
Thistle 105. - \'\u25a0-•\ '\u25a0-•
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, the
Cincinnati Hotel spring handicap— lntense 63,
White Plume 101, Dutch Barbara 93, Early Boy.
94. Huzzah 95. Shawana 97,. Prince Sllverwings
120. The- Cook 101. ;.:,. . \u25a0".\u25a0• , ,„
Fifth race, five furlongs, purse — Tinker 103,
Attraction 103, • Galetta 103, Miss Kitty - 103.
Jennie Bart IQU, Grace 103, Grace Wagner 10«,
Sister Edith 103, Kallle B B 103 t Sister Frances
108. Toya. 108. : . „•
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards, selling—.
Bella -Dodson 03. Helgerson . 95, Beaucairo 95,;
St. Paris 98. Mint Bed 98. Tom Hall 98, Swift
wing 100, Fons«oluca 100, Benvollo 103, Gold
Bell 103. •
Weather clear; track fast.
CINCINNATI SELECTIONS.
By the' New^York Morning ."Telegraph. 1 *
Firwt race"— Gu»-;:Held»rn't. - Birch j
Brooni, r Foxmeade.' - ' " * ' -V.-?;v^'4~ ' '
Second: Mce-^T*io \u25a0 Btn»> iHogtm, Oak
Dulc'e.' ' ; \u25a0•"""\u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0''.. : : .'"'\u25a0'"""\u25a0*\u25a0*-:'
Third race— Our Sister, Louise Mac-
FarLan t Tapiola..." '•-.. \ . ;. /
Fourth ' race^^HuJiMih, Talbot entry,
The Cook, j \u25a0.\u25a0•'/ ; . ",'\u25a0'\u25a0 ' .'.''\u25a0\u25a0/''\u25a0'\u25a0' '.'.•*\u25a0'' '
Fifth ' race— Sl«ter France*, ' Grace
Wajrner, Toya.
Sixth race — nenvolto, Helßcrson, St.;
Paris.' \u25a0 ' '' ;'."."\u25a0• ". '\u25a0\u25a0'- '
WESTERN UNION FURNISHES
RACING TO POOIiSELLERS
Information l.Mks Out That Prom!
Ofnclals Are In League With
- . Gamblers. } ! \u25a0"«'.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Amazing disclbs-'
ures were made to-day following the ex
posure of. the fact.that the Western.Un
ion Telegraph Company was_ again fur
nishing racing news to pool rooms. From
a source that admits of no question. It
was learned to-day that. for a number of
months' there has existed In 1 the' Western
Union Telegraph a clique of officials who,
unknown- to the major! j(y of the directors,
but it ; is believed .with the sanction .of
Boma of. them, have been furnishing pool
room information as .a private graft.
As proof of this fact, .nothing could' be
stronger- than a '"statement made to-night
by a man closely associated with. tue In
vestigation, in which he said: "The pub
lication of facts this_ morning: was .pre
mature. Had .the^ matter Decn kept se
cret for .a, % few more days ' there . is', no
doubt that a number of very prominent
offlcitds . of I the- Western Union Telegraph'
Company would • have ~ been ; forced to \ re
sign,; or; in*. the r event of their being' sup-:
ported fn their refusal, to ' resign, by a
majority of the ; board- of directors, cer-;
tain of the "directors', would '•; have thfem
selves. resigned r absolutely.*' -; : - \u25a0\u25a0;- /[\u25a0 ;
In reply to a story /printed to-day -that:
the Citjr Club, acting.- through agents, of,
a society organized-by Cthe*late - Captain!
Goddard, ;.. had again trapped j- the' 'tele«
graph company In supplying news to, pool
rooms; /President dowry" contented him-,
self with making /public affidavits by Da
vid B. Mitchell, head' of' the special wire;
department,- and . William ' J.* Dealy,' super
intendent of the commercial' news depart-,
ment.; These affidavits dnied every state-"
ment made in' affidavits of agents of the
Goddard society. Beyond 'these \u25a0 two affl- J r
davits, nothing was forthcoming from the
Western Unionl :. "•''\u25a0 -.: \u25a0''•" \u25a0'.' .- ;; ..\u25a0\u25a0•.•\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0*.
MISS IDAHO 'ANNEXES FAT
PURSE BY TAKING Sill PACK
LOS ANGELES. July 7.— Miss Idaho
took the 2:11 pace (1000 purse in three
straight heats tp-day axier Vision had
captured the first one. Jonesa Basler
took third money. Tiresome scoring
lengthened the time alloted' for the
2:20 trot and it .was not finished.
Charlie T won the first two heats in
easy style and In the third heat broke
when 100 feet : from" the 5 wire ; and ; the
judges gave the heat: to. Ambush. ;,- In
the three-year-olds Memonia won from
Deviletta and Kinney Wood after, Dev
iletta had taken the first heat in which
Rockaway and i Nordwell . were dis- .
tanced. \u25a0 Summary:; ''.'\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0 \u25a0"'. '\u25a0\u25a0;•\u25a0 J
\u25a0 First race, three-year-old pace, three in five,
purse $6CO: - ,' '-.:.\u25a0.-;\u25a0•.-' \u25a0 ..,.,...;-,\u25a0
Memonia, b. f. (Zibbe11).'...V........2 l 1 j 1
Deviletta, b. f. (Wright). ...... .....1 2 3 3i
Kinney Wood, blk. f. (Durfee).. ....3 8 , 2' 2
Nordwell, -b. c* (Reame5). ........ '. ;dV. . . I
Rockaway. eh. •. . (Broiler) .".-. ..... .d * . i
Time— 2:l4^, 2:17%,:. 8:17%, 2:20/ \u25a0
' Second race,' 2:ll; pace,"' three -In five, purse
11000: .--... ;\u25a0'.-• ';:\u25a0'.:\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 •..-\u25a0.:. •. • \u25a0 ';-\u25a0:.' \u25a0:,-\u25a0:\u25a0:
1 Ml»s Idaho, eh. m. (Springer) 6 1 11
Vision. .br. g. (Ward). :;...... ;i 3 \u25a02*A
Jonesa Basler, \u25a0 br.* s. (Owens). . .-. ...2*2 45
Ulta H.'br. m. (Durfee).V.V. "..:'. ...3 4 5 '3
Tidal Wave,; eh." s. (Irvine) .:.:.;... :4 , 5 32
Le Roll.- b.;g.* (Lindsay) ~T^.r.-."r... 5 :6 6 7
Queen 8,b.m.'(L.,8. Lindsay).: '..".7 . 7 7 6
Ira, *>:*.- (Maben). ;.::...:'....... -..8 8 Jd.^:
Time— 2:o9^, 2:10V4.r 2:ll«i, 2:10%. .'
Third raee.v 2:2o .; trot; , three In • five, , purse
$1000 (unfinished): :• " .
Charlie T.iblk. *g.' (McDonald).. .... ...1 12
\u25a0Ambush, " br. , s. (Bonneii) r.".. . .::r. : : .-.2 "5" 5 - 1
Verena ' M, b. m, (Brooks) r.r.7".V7TrT7tBß4lB
Albuquerque, b.:s.. (Kent).. .....:.;... 4 .3 4
Pat ; Rose. b. g. (Wright) . .V.'TT.'^rr.B 13l 6
BIHy : Dooley, b. \u25a0" g:> Freeman):... .....d-
Bona (Williams) ' . ;-. . r. . .-. :.:. .: :::. :. :i ; v '
\u25a0> Time -2:14^ ';t:lS"2:l7.\'- '"-Qi&Spig •
YANKEES LOSE
RIFLE CONTEST
British Marksmen * Are - the
More' Steady and : Make -a'
Big Gain in Last Shoot
DISTANCE IS iTOO GREAT
Americans Lead Till They
Face the^ iO^O^YardEange
When They^Go t6J Pieces
BISLEY. . England, Uuly > 7.— The s West
minster Volunteer Itille team defeated
the Seventh New York Regiment marks
men to-day ; for the ; Sir Howard - Vincent
shield in close .contest. ;/..••> . . \u25a0 •%\
: f On the whole the was very light,'
' but the sun was much" stronger "and the!
glare in their faces interfered', with, the
marksmen. The heat was oppressive. 1 The
morning trains brought out &\u25a0 number of ,
; American and British military; men j and
! there was quite a /gathering, of r former
"members of the Seventh .who- 'ar» now
i visiting England. . \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0' I
1 The Americans started badly, - Meyer
missing twice and Short once.-;, The visit-;
ors had; some trouble with the targets,*
I two of which had to be ; shifted. The
Westminsters shot more evenly. ;
_>The totals { at the 800-yard range- were:
Westminsters, j 3S9; ' Americans,. 3SI. ,
The Westminsters: scored more than
the Sevenths in the 300 yard and ; com
pleted the third range of ) the match. with
an advantage. of" three points; the totals!
of the three ranges being: Westminsters,'
1145; Americans,* 1142. v The- Westminsters
retained ttheirr r advantage and won the,
match, 1400 to 1480.V The -Englishmen won
by their : superiority at, long .range. Un-!
fortunately for the Americans, they went*
to pieces at the 1000 yard,' otherwise the.
finish would have : been .considerably
closer."/ ' „...,...•:
The Americana were given the heartiest:
send-off when "the shooting was .over.;
They were escorted to ; the train j preced-'
ed by a < band." . " :\ . , ; ; . ' ;
'The. finish of, the match'/was)most-ex-".
citing. ; When 'CraU.ahd^ Beach and' the'
twoFultons came up to shoot," Jhe West-]
minsters' had a lead of seven points.' The;
Americans' J first. . nine shots-, evened • : the
score, but the Englishmen overtook \u25a0 them;
again by steady, shooting^and*jgain3dUeh;
points. The 1 Americaris.were 'ffrsE'to con-;
gratulate the- winners. ."-\u25a0 \u25a0 " ' ! f'f.v-U'T '"^
After the \u25a0 match • Captain* "McLean said "
the .best team. had; won and that, every-,
thing was most satisfactory. The -fight
had been a hard one, but it had also been*
the most pleasant in'which they had ever _ ;
competed. -The Americana will be given;
an "at home" July 11 arid sail -for home
on .the White Star- liner -Baltic JTuly 12. "• " ;
HIGHLANDERS TAKE TWO
IN A ROW FROM SENATORS
unbe Waddell Injured" by -.a' Hot Liner
.. and. Hus to Retire From the . ;
. ' ' \u25a0 ."V '\u25a0' . ; . Game. ''-,-"" \u25a0-'•'"' \u25a0:. .\u25a0 '\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0'^\u25a0\u25a0.- j
STANDING; OF THE, CLIJBS^ \u25a0 i
• (American Leagued) "" : (Nationa^Leagrue.)''^'
W. L, Pet. . . . W. L. Pet«
Chicago ....41 22 .651 New.York..:62 21 .7l£
Cleveland ...40 23 .635 Pittsburg ...45 27. .625
Philadelphia. 4o 25 .616 Chicago ....42 30 .58S
Detroit V. ... .33 83 .500 Philadelphia. 32 28 .633.
Boston.' . 28 32 .467 Cincinnati ..37 34 .521 :
New -Y0rk... 27 35 .435 St. Louis .'.'.26 .46 .381 1
St.."Loul 3 : ...24 '41- .369 Brooklyn '.,.22 Bl',.301:
Washington. .24 42j^.804 Bo«t«n k ..-.v.21'5Pi.29ft
WASHINGTON, July ?7.-r- New' York
won both • games fro'itn', the Nationals to
day by-superlor:V6rk r at the bat and: in
the field. Catcher ;:Klpiuow. had "two
fingers of, his left-hand smashed by a'
foul ..tip. and will be but' Qf the .game'
for two weeks or, more. Attendance
3700. . . < ;v " ,-, \u0084' ; .. r<i
• First game — ' R~ H. E.i
ilew Y0rk,.... \u0084„.. 3*4 0
Washington- .".....\u25a0....,.»..^....4 0- 3 2
Batteries — Orth, J Klelnow and- McGulre;
Townsend and Hayden. : -. --. •/' m±; i
Second game . . : , - '. . K. \u2666 H. '*:. '\u25a0\u25a0
New York ....'. ....:........ 8 ... 11 '. ,3-
Washlngton ..;.....,,............;. L.i 4 3.
Batteries — Powell ' and McGulre ; "Hughes and '
JKittredge. - ; . '\u25a0- - . -. » >
PHILADELPHIA, July 7.— Philadelphia de
feated Boston to-day, in^a hotly.<;'conteBted ten->
inning, game..- In the se\-«nth, inning Waddeli:
injured his pitching -hand' ln'; stopping a Hrw
drive and retired,' Bender taking his. place. At
tendance.. 7'JuO. Score: ..... -;....;... \u0084 :
..... H. H.- E.
Boston .1 \u0084.:^.: » 'l 10 0,
Philadelphia .........'...; :.."'2. '7 1,
• Batteries Young ; and.. Crlger; Waddell, '<
Bender \u25a0 and Schreck. .-;*." >- ; - ;
; ST. LOUIB,> July 7. — St. Louis found Hesg;
with an off day; and batted out an easy vie-
tory. Attendance, ISOO. .. Score : 1 .'.••.:
\u25a0 ' .\u2666."*\u25a0 i •*\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 . R. \u25a0 H. . E. .
St. LouiS! 1..... 12 15 .2 ;
Cleveland .....•..«-.\u25a0.....•....-...-• 3-8;. 5:
:. Batteries— Howell and Sugden; Hess. Buelow
and Clarke, . : -. " • \u25a0, ! '• \u25a0'
- DETKOIT, - July > - 7. — Chicago . ; won , without \
batting to-day. ••; Detroit hit offcener. but could
not mak* headway- against .White's \u25a0";. clever;
work. Attendancs, 1500, ', Score: ; ". \u25a0'\u25a0i
»• - =\u25a0" \u25a0 ' '. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0 \u25a0 R. 1 E. :
Detr0it ..:;.......'..........;.. ; . .-s-, 1.8 [\u25a0-\u25a0.\u25a0 1:
Chicago ".".... «i. »«•••••»•••••«..•• 'r.- * \u25a0• • \u2666» • .v,. u ,
'Batteries — Donovan? and \Doran; iWhite and;
Sull^; ; (t^tional"lbague,| ; r£-:: ; ;
- NEW TfORK," July 7.— Bunching their hits in'
tho eighth inning ' combhilng- with' errors v by;
th-c'home team enabled Brooklyn to defeat New;
York to-day. . Scpre:. ;>.. t _[
"• ...-.- - -.....\u25a0 j^ # j^ .
New York r ......."..-".--;-v.tv',v-| .^ $
\u25a0 Batteries' Taylor and- Bowerman;. Stricklett'
and Rltter. Umpire— Johnstone. •; . . ' :
BOSTON - Jdly ' 7.-T-Phlladelphla . won again
to-day" from' the locals by more compact-bunch
ing of hits. .Attendance., 150O.. Score: —r •£ ;
Philadelphia^ /. .' . T. .;.;...". .... i>V: '.'\u25a0 T. . 8 . 3i
— Suthoff. PltUnger and- Dooln;.
Frazer. Harley and Moran: Umpire— Klem. .v ;
CINCINNATI. ; July • 7.^-St.;: Louis . . found
Chech easy in the early # part of the fame and
he rttlred in favor of Hahn In the sixth
inning. ' Score : H
Cincinnati ; .................. 4 8 2
St LOUIS ...•\u25a0«••••\u25a0•\u25a0••• < v-:.ll 4
Batteries— Chech." Hahn and Street;" MoFar
land and Zearfosw. Umpire— Bauswlne.
LABOR LEADERS STILL . •
AFTER THE BALLPLAYERS
NEW YORK, July 7. — An effort is be
! ing made' by the; American .Federation
of Labor to form an international union
of professional ! baseball < players. ; Gen
eral Organizer Robinson of .this, .city
says letters have -been sent to 1 members
of the 'American Baseball League, .with
I application blanks, and instructions as
to how ' to become ; affiliated ;; with the
American '? Federation of ;Labor. , It j.is
proposed,:; the letters . say,"- to form" an
organization"; to be known as the Inter
.natlonal -Association \u25a0; of \u25a0 Professional
'Baseball Players' Union of j the). United
States and' Canada,! with locals lin
ferent cities. ;~iThe 'American Federation
of \u25a0 Lebor, ' it ; is ' stated,' will ; pay all '; ex
penses necessary in organizing the pro
posed body.^: \.; : ; : ; , ' .\u25a0.'\u25a0''?-'_ . : ."'., '\u25a0/';;',\u25a0
Montgomrry Park Results. )
. MEMPHIS, ': July , 7:— Montgomery * Park'.re
\u25a0gults:/ '.". :.'*\u25a0-* • \ -, '. ."".-*-.
:?. First I race, ; four and : a half . f urlongs— Blue
Grass ' Lad • won. \u25a0 Bess Chancy second, \u25a0 Tomoa
chlcbt -\u25a0 third. Time, i : 57 % . v^fSSMMMmri
:\u25a0-- Second race, seven t- furlongs — Alllsta
Dargln; second. -Duelist', third. > Time. ,1:15. .
.-. • Third \u25a0 race; < live i furlongs — Dr. ;. Gardner . won, 1
Wes second.-: Horseradish third.';.; Time- 1 1 :02i-i ;
• . Fourth'; race.v one ? and \u25a0 a ' quarter » miles— Mr. 1
Jack - won, My . Eleanor - second, > Monaco \u25a0' Maid
third." Time," 1 :28. ;z "-\u25a0-'. '%;;-'•;•;•"\u25a0:,
\u25a0 ( Filth race,- one mile — Celebration won/ \u25a0 Echo
dale second.,' Male, Hanlon ; third. >.Time,« 1:43^."
' \" Sixth \u25a0\u25a0"- race, "^ \u25a0 one "•" mile — Cotillion J won.*' In
flammable ; Becond. Fruit . thirds \u25a0 Time. 1 . 1 :UM:
OAKLANDERS APPEAR GLAD
TO BE HOME ONCE MORE.
SIWASHES LAND
IN THE NINTH
Runs Come Rapidly, and the
KSii^ls|M^ui|pKlt
Stickney^Singles ; ; to^- Left
Special Dispatch to; Th« ClUl.^.'.
SEATTLE, July ,7.f-In a., game' of 'fre« ;
hitting and - indifferent : fielding.-. Seattle'
managed': to squeeze \u25a0:\u25a0 the winning . run
home i in ; the - ninth ; Inning, after; haying^ &'
man thrown s out *at the plate. Portland
got off In H front, \u25a0 but Seattle - tied | the
score ; In the second ,*on * a timely r hit : by:
Walters and . forged', to -the"- frontTln i the'
fourth : on clean' hitting -by Frary," 1 Houts'
and Hall after the bases were lodded. \u25a0" , \
Portland got busy In the flf th"'and .sixth
by hard-hitting and came within -two ~ott
tying up the score. ; A well placed hit by.
McLean in the eighth made jit eight Vail,
with the; odds, in; favor of Portlandwin
nlng out._ \u25a0 : The big fellows could do-noth
ing in"r their half of the ninth and "Cates 1
began--' it s badly by giving Dashwood a
pass. "-, Miller moved him down and?Wal-.
ters again . hit : safely, but Dashwood iwas
caught at the . plate. ' Stickney broke it !
lip with a stinging hit to left.* Mitchell
waa carried: off ', the \ field i with l: a v badly \
wrenched leg in' the -sixth after making;
his third -hit.' £ Score : '. ; ', . \u25a0; : v ;
• Seattle— ;> ". . , \u25a0'; i '.Portlaad— .^ V*.
'•\u25a0- ' AB.R. H. P. A. . AB.R.;H.P.A. i:
Waltrsirf Xy 2- 3 -1 O Ata. SS..-6 1 -2 2 2
Stckny.qf 6- 2 -3 4 1 Vnßrn.ef 5 2:1. 3 O
•Kane, Sb 4 O 0' 1 • 3rMtchlUb 4;*2? 8- 7 0
Frary. lb 4 12 11 olJones.0 l Jones. If. 2 0' 0 .0 0
Houtz,-lf 4 O ••' 1 1 O'Sclrfny,2b 5 t> 3 .0 2
McHle,2b 5 0 O"l* 2!Hahldr.rf 5 ; '"0 <0 .1 0
R.Hall. s 4 1 ' IS 0 1 McLean.c 4 I*3 60
\u25a0Dashwd.c 4 1' 0 Bo Cates, p.' s 0-1 0;5:
Hiller; p.' 2 2 10 2 Rnkle. 3b 3r 0 • o*B 3
.. — \u0084 —. — — ;— Crbt.lf-lb 5;:1^ 2 ;>;.*o
Totals .3B .8 U 27 9 . — — 1
,'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .\u25a0:.-.. : -\u25a0' *Total»:44:8 : lS»2S12
\u25a0 *Two out when winning run was scored^"; I \l
. .. RUNS 'AND HITS BY INNINGS.' :"• j
Seattle-, .:.. 0. 2 0 "4 >li 0 1 . Orl— 9
t Base hit 5...... 0 I<y. 4 2 2 ;0"2— 11
Portland ::..:«£.'. 11 . O '0 H 3 : 0 2->O-r- 8
"Base hits... ...2 2 0.-1 2. .4 0 31— 15
SUMMARY.
' 'Error»^Stlckney"2,' Kane. Frary. McHale,;
Rnnkle 2. Alitchell, Atz. Earned runs — Seattle
4," 4. Two-base" hlts-^-Stickney. : " Wai-:
tere," Mitchell 3, Corbett, Schlattey. Three^base
hits — Miller, McLean. • Sacrince hits-^-Wsnters.j
Miller, Runkle.^, Stolen" basee — R.-vHall.VAtz.*
Ruiikle. | Struck out-rßy Miller 6, ' by Cates 2.',
Biases on \u25a0 balls — By Miller "3," by Catea 7. .Left'
on bases— Seattle.. 11l .Portland 12. -Tim* 1 ", of
game— Two. hours.,' Umpire — Bray. ,. -\u25a0 ---. i
SANTA'CRUZ BENCH SHOW . ?:\ , '
ATTRACTS LARGE CROWDS
Long Llst> of Prize /Winners \u25a0In Many
' . • Clauses Are Announced by
• — \u25a0•\u25a0• - the Judges. -- ; \u25a0 ->• <
SANTA CRUZ,..JuIy \u0084" B.— T;he .bench 1
-show- at the; beach is attracting large
crowds, especially, "ont^oft town'-^people."
The pe^njrheVe ,the\^u'dgins""ffoes'on*i3
•thejceriter'of attraction. The prize win
ners .'are;.- .'• V • '-, "?\u25a0'.* ' --.; - . - -
-' Great ; . Danes . ', (puppy ' dogs)— First, Frank
Schmidt's Princ«- F;- . »ecohd ' '. J. - -M. \u25a0 Struve's
Levl'C. : \ :;\u25a0' :\u25a0.--.-\u25a0> \ \u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0_ ;v :-.-.-., >r. - .'Jr.'-.-- &££\
'• - Pointers . (puppy -bitches)— First, 'iß.' Courtney'
~/Ford' a- Beauty. -.-\u25a0» . \u25a0 *' / . , • r. :-;:\u25a0\u25a0 ' if J
- English; aetters ; (puppy. dogs)— First, M.- Pef-^
; ry's Dan; .puppy, bitches — A. J. .Hogan*S" San*
! Jose-Belle.**.— \u25a0*."**.*""• /.- ~ -~. :* —.-:'>— ;-— ~ .
' Gordon Setters \u25a0'. (puppy dogs and"- b}tches)-«-'
Firati Dr.'j. J. Redmond's Jlni. \u25a0 . - '. '-\u25a0'- -•
;'\u25a0-'- Cocker (puppy dogs,- any -rcolor)—
FlrsV.V.. J.-.Ruh's Bobble;: second. W. -WrFa^-'
rich's, Longers;' third, D.- J.. Sattonls Shifty;'
reserve— Mrs. Thomas Murphy's Roman Punch. 1 :
'-•Cocker spaniels (puppy bitches,- any color) — :
First; George A. Nieborger's Creole Belle; sec
ond,~. D. ~J. ,Sutton'B . Aganan. .
•; Collies (puppy dogs) — First, William Ellen^s
Val ' Verdi 'Perfecto; second.. C J. Abie's Ell
.wyn Cbrlss,' puppy bitches — First. C. J. Alble's
Clmskirk Eoanle;. second, Mrs. Normand's Las
sie; reserve — J. - B. . Holohan's Nan; third,
i Charles Biggs' -Klrktntutoch Lassie.
'Bulldogs' (puppy dogs) — First,- Fred Clarke's.
Solano Mike; novtce dogs— First, Fred Clarke" 3'
; Solano;. Mike; second,- . Miss Mollie Mulligan's;
1 Mr. Dooley; limit. Mr. Clarke's Solano Mike;'
' open dogs-^Philfp C. Meyer's Endcliffe Baron;
i second. -Fred -Clarke's Solano: Mike; winners
dogs — Philip C. Meyer's Endcllffe Baron; re
serve,' ;.Fre.d Clarke's. Solano Mike; novice
bltches-^FIrsC F. J.; Rodger's Gertfcrd G*jody;.
Unilt. bitches— First,. F.'_ J. Rodgera*. Gertford,
Goody: second, Charles- R. Barker's Ivel Chad
die; open -bitches — First.-* F.- J. Rodgers' Gert-:
ford Goody preserve, •Harker'a Ivel Chaddle. i
r .: Boston • terriers (puppy : dogs) — First. Philip'
'C.'. Meyer's Endcliffa Nobby; novice dogs — First/
•PhHip-C.-. Meyer's Glenwood- Patton; second,
Ethel Hager's Nifty; open dogs — First, O. S.
Hallwell'a Bayside Chauncey; second, Philip C. .
Meyer's Endcime Nobby; third. Ethel Hager's
Nifty; winners (dog)-M3. S. Halllwell'a Bayside
"Chauncey;; reserve, Philip' Meyer's , Endclitta
Nobby;, novice bitches — PhUip "C. Meyer's
i Glenwood Lady Bountiful: second, ' A. M. Eas
\u25a0 ton's -TeEs; "open. bitches — First, Philip Meyer's
Epdclln*e,Nobby; second, A. M. Easton'a Tees;
winners 'bitches— Philip .C. -'Meyer's Glenwood
Lady Bountiful; - reserve, - Philip -C. Meyer"i
Endcliffe Nobby. ••' -t. :
. \u25a0 Alredales Y (puppy bitches)— First, George P.
Martin's Brlardale Rose.
*•' French bolldogrs (open dogs)— First. Sterling
\u25a0 Poetley's- .Vivace; .open.; .bitches— Clifford C.<
:' Cook's Margat da Pautin. •t--'']O •' .
i \u25a0 Fox terriers, smooth coated rpuppy ,<logs) —
First. : W. W. " Stettheinjer*s Tallac Marksman ;
novice - dogs-r-W. -W. - Stetthelmer's Tallac
Marksman; second, W.G.',Ubbey*s Pajaro
Blizzard; third,- Jack Leddy"s Bab.
. Local "dogs — First, Mra. Montroyd Sharpe's
i Jola;. open. dogs, American bred — First, ,W. W..
Stetthelmer*s' Tallac Chuck: open dogs — First,
W.~W. Stettheimer"B-Tallac Chuck; second, "W.
G. Ltbbeys Pajaro BliBBard; .third. Jack Led
fly's Bob: winners • dog— First, v "W. W. Stett-;
helmer's Tallac Marksman; ; reserve. W. W.
' Btettheimer'« Tallac : Chuck;' novice bitches-
First Jack Leddys Debbie; second. Jack Led
'dy's Trixle; open bitches — First, Jack Leddy's
1 Debbie; second, "Jack .Leddy's Trixie.
t;Fox: terriers, .wire haired fnovice dogs) — Mra
James O. Piratsky's Pajaronlan Bristles; Local
doga — First, . Mrs. James G." Plratskye Pajaro
nian'Bristles; 1 open dogs, American bred^ — W.
W. Stettheimer's Tallac Private; open dogs-
First,' Irving C. Ackerman's Ch. Humberstone
Mearns; winners dogs— First," Irving C. Acker
man's Ch. Humberstone Mearns; reserve. Mrs.
; James G. Piratsky's Pajaronlan Bristles.
SOUTH KJTD ROWING CLUB MEN
TO TAKE TIP RACING AGAIN
Clnb'r' Novr I Has . Fine, Modern, Well-
Equipped Bonthouae aud Easy
\u0084 v, ; .Access to, the Bay. .
\u25a0 For. the -past , two » or three . years 'the :
South 'End ' Rowing Club has , been fully,
occupied *In proyidingv the ' money i nec
essary to build ' and ' equip Its new. boat
house near • the : Arctic OH ,Worka. r This
necessary, work . haa j used ;'; its : f unds,~j
leaving : none available fforr r buying,' rac£»
Ing boats 'or tnewj; equipment. "",.; William »
Mead, president, and E. Scully, captain, ;
by i their shard \work- and' constant ?? at-.,
te^ntlon; have^, enabled Lthe^clubi to ; pass j
through' a ( trying period • and | have .nowj
the satisfaction .of ? seeing; it installed i
in a boathouse % that f for \ size, r corivehl- )
ence, \u25a0 ' easy; 'access itb' the .-, water.* and •
handsomeness, : is no^ surpassed Lby the !
quarters of any ; rowing- r club'?in^ithe
State.
The i formal opening ilast Sunday. , was I
attended ' by la < large ; number i of »' mem-" }
bera ? and < friends " of - the V South -i End '
Rowlng-:Club"and^ was highly ; success^ !
fill, j The ; rowing, f;Bwimmlng,v,i ;: boxing '
and?: other ii events i,were Iwatched ,: with '
niuchv Interest" and" all Iwere , entgrtained
most! hospitably?] Next reason^the T South
End^RowinglClub'wlll^ enter;- crews ; in
the"*; open Jfega^tas j and^will j endeavor j to
rtegaln'somie of . the; championships j f or-
TAerlyjheldvby its crews. \u25a0'. ,: ',
Dolly Gray ; Gets:; His
When "the:; |ajly
Commences,
7\rigels^ Never iHave a
V After^the
>^ Batting: Bee.
>l i I STANDING OF THE CtUBS.
.. '. Pacific Coast League,
'"" • ; *. "'* "V7., la, "l*Ctj * ' '• W X*. Pet.
Tacoma. 5l" 34 .fttxi Los Angeler. 40*44 .479
San- Fran. ..sO 40 .556k)aklarid ..'..37 47 .440
Portland 40 40 .6CC«3eauie .....34 48 .425
. ' \u25a0 Even • If. the Commuters . do ; perform
like a > : bunch of bush leaguers while
on 'the road," they can generally play.
th© game when they . return to their,
old stamping^ ground. The Angels were
made painfully.'aware of the -fact yes
.terday af ternooa'.when Papa Van Ilal
tren's tribe got- together and hammered
out \ , Score-^-1 0 to 2. •
;-.\u25a0 It- was the '.first appearance of the
Commuters \u25a0 here ; in niany. weeks, and as
they only arrived from . the. far north
yesterday, morning they did not figure
very: strong 1 - according- to the dope
passed out by the wise contingent. But
you never can dope a -ball 'game, es
pecially when one team' looks to have
many shades the better of,'it.'
;.;The-hot weather, seemed to '• be the
thing 1 the .Commuters were looking for,
while the Angels dogged It as soon as
the tide <turned~in" favor of their oppo
nents. . CapDUron made a. mistake that
cost a few runs*and' he commenced to
blame the otUerg of wading in'
and playing the 'game himself..
Oakland got off iwith • two \u25a0in the lead
after a- pair of -batters -had gone the
route. -In 1 the second-Inning. M6sklman :
punched out a hit past short and stole.;
Devereaux. responded with' a "double
sacker to left and. Stanley, singled to
center, making Itwo.. in rapid succes-.
sioo, Schmidt also; connected 'safely,
but- . died \u25a0on • the first Back. "-.•\u25a0'; . : •
"The Commuters' rested for one inning 1 .:
but "in .the- fourth-toe game was brok-J
eu-Mp for avfare-ye-well; : Devereaux:
commenced the bombardment with a
three-cushion clout v over. Ross". . head.
Stanley^came- throushv as did Francks,
Kruger .':< and Van ; Haltren. A ' couple;
of. sacrifice hits sandwiched In between
helped some, and when the Inning: was"
over: tile". Commuters 'were there with
five | more ; runs j and the. shouting: had
ended. : ' < \u25a0 • \u25a0
Xos Angeles was , lucky, to- get even 1
twp. Schmidt pitched himself into sev
eral holes at that, but the Angels never
were able to negotiate ; a .hit , when it
would .count. Smith fanned . with the
bases 'all 'filled ~and^ but 'one faded in
the third and this unganant feat on the
part of the big- third baseman did not
help the' cause -of the Southerners in
the least -. ~..7- •\u25a0'"- \u25a0 . - '^?4* '
Old Matt Stanley made his first ap
pearance on the, park > since, l9ol,- when
he was : :.a_- menTber of : the Sacramento
\u25a0team.;- _Matt' 'caught a swell game of
balL /besidea . leading the iteanv In the
hitting by smashing out- three safe
ones. Moskiman's three-Das* hit In the
seventh inning was one of the longest 1
and hardest drives that ever left a bat'
In this league. The'score: cj- t
Oakland " '• Los Angeles —
.. . - - AB. R. H. P. A. • \u25a0— \u25a0 AB. R. H. P. A.
N r .Htln.cf 4 1 1-00 Brnrici 20 0 0 0
Franks.B 4-2 135 Flood.Sb. 32 1 4 di
Kelly,2b- 4 O OX3 3jSmith.3b 4 0 2 12
pnlevy.lf 4- 0 2 -3 0 DiHou.lb 4 O 1 13 0
Kruger.rf. 4 1 2 3 0 Brshr.ss. 4 0 l'O 1
Jlkmn,lb 5 2 2 9; ORoBs.lt.. 3 0 0 2 0
pvrux,3b 5 2 2 11 Cravth.rf 4 0 0 3 0
Btanly.c 4 13 4 1 Pples^: 4 0 2 1 1>
Pchmdt,p 2 11 10 Gray .p. .30 © 0 3
Totals-36 10 14 27 10} Totals.3l 2 7 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Loe Angeles ..; 0 0 0 0 0 10 10 — 2
Base hits 0 110 o^l'il 8 o^-7,
Oakland o'2 0"5 0 1-2 0 x—lox — 10
Base hits..... 0 4 0 3 1 1 -- 3 2 x— l 4
\u25a0 ... SUMMARY. .....
Errors — Dillon, Smith. Kelly. Stolen baaes — '
Dunleavy 3." Cruger 2, Mosktman, ruilon. 1
Brashear. , Three-base hita — lJevereaux. Moski
man. -Two-base hits^ — Devereaux. Smith 2.-
Sacrifice -hits — Bernard. Van Haltren. Kelly.-
First' bc.se on errors— Oakland 2. Los -Angeles
1. First base on called balls — Off Schmidt 3.
off Gray 5. Left on bases — Oakland 9. Los
Angeles 7. \u25a0 Struck out — By \u25a0 Schmidt 2. by
Gray 1. ' Doable plays — Brashear to Flood to
Dillon, Francks to Moskiman. - Time of game-
One ' hour and thirty-live minutes. Umpire—"
Perine.
LUXDIB AND OWYKR WIN
FROM NORTHERN BOXERS
Olympic Club Lads Make a Good Start
In the Amateur Contests
at Portland.
PORTLAND, July 7.— Six boxing bouts
to determine the championship of the
. Pacific Coast were held at the exposition
grounds to-night under the auspices of
the Pacific : Coast Amateur Athletic As
sociation. William Dwyer, the 125-pound
Olympic crack, was given the decision
over O. Drango the Multnomah | Club.
The contest was^so even for three rounds
that an additional round was fought:
Dwyer will meet Edgar Frank, the local
champion. In the finals to-morrow
evening. _ . „„
R.* Lundle .of the \u25a0 Olympic Club was
pitted '-. against G. M. Mape, who re'pre-.
sen ted the Multnomah Club. Lundie .was
given little", chance to display his skill.
as no sooner had the men faced each
other than he sent in .a • terrific right
smash to Mape's nose, . which sent* the
local lad f to the floor In a heap, breaking
his nose. Mape was on his feet before
the count, but Referee Grant stopped the
contest and awarded the decision to the
visitor. '; Lundle will" meet Douglass for
the championship In the finals. The re
maining contests resulted as follows:
O. Newell was defeated by G. Teller of
the M. A. A. C, tbe latter securing the de
cision at the end of the fourth round. Doue
lass. M. A: A.'C.; received the decision over
Healey. T. M. C. A. T. H. Plnkham, T. M
C.' A., succumbed, to. A: W. Wslsh. M. A. A.
C, beintr knocked out In the first round. Hood
Bottler, M. A. A. C, was declared the wlamr
In a contest with -, Saxe, unattached.
"Superior polity
sff^' -^•''L.sssssfsssWsssssM— '*\u25a0. -^SV • ' \u25a0
THE BEST '
:5b GIGAR made
EHRMAN BROS. & CO., DlstHbutora.
SPORTS!
UNCLE MEETS
FIRST REVERSE
Young Emerson Bows to the
Tigertown Fans and His
Teammates Help Him Win
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACX)MA. July 7.— The Tigers hit Wil
liams opportunely to-day and won handi
ly. Several drives went safe because of
mtsjudgment by the visitors* outfield,
while Doyle. Lynch and Nordyko robbed
the- Seals of four. hits. However. Emer
son outpitched Williams and made a good
Impression on his first appearance here.
Casey's mlsplay gave Spencer a Ufa In
the first. He advanced on two outs and
Hlldebrand's drive scored him. Frisco
-made It two on -Williams' single, stolen
] . base and Waldron's safe hit. .Gochnauer
scored the third on his hit,, two passes
i-and Waldron's drive. Doubles by Wil
liams and Spencer brought in the fourth.
For Tacoma, Doyle's single, stolen base
and. two outs gave the Tigers a. start.
.Eagan's double. McLaughlln's triple and
I Wheeler's error made it a total of three.
Hits by Sheehan, Nordyke. . Eagan and
Graham, sacrifice and a pass gave Ta
coma three more. The last two runs
; came in on two singles, a pass and a
; sacrifice. _\u0084 .
Two Seals were causht at the plate.
; For the visitors Gochnauer and Wilson
did some nice -elding. Score:
Tacoma — ' i San Francisco —
AB. R.H. P.A.I AR R.H. PA.
Doyle, rf' s*2 2 2 2 Sprier, rf 4 110 0
Shehn.3b 4-2 2 0 2 "Waldn.cf 8 O 2 O* O
Nrdke.lb 2 O 17 2 Whl«r.2»> 3 O 1 3 u '£
Kasaa.ss 6 2 2 4 1 Htldbd.lt 3 0 1 .0 O
1 McLn. If 4 1 2 O 1 lrwin, Sb 4 0 O t 3
, Lynch, at 4 10 2-lNealn.lb 4 O OID X
easey,2b SOII 2 WHaon. o 4 016 2
Onhm, c 8 0 2 9 1 Gchnr.ss \u25a0» 113 3
Emran. p 4 0 1 2 1 Willas.p 3 2 3 .1 2
Totals. St 51327 15 Totals. 34 41024 IS
RCNS AND HITS BY IN'NIXGS.
San Francisco .... 1 0 001 0» 1 O I— 4
Basa hits ..... 1 0 2 12 0 2 0 2— »O
Tacoma ........10.2 03 2 00 x— »
Base hits 12 2 0 4 2 11 x— l 3
* SCMMART.
Errors — Emerson. Sheehan. Casey. "Wheeler.
Irwin. Struck out — By Emeraon T. by Williams
3. Baaes on balls — By Emerson 4, by Wil
liams 4. Hit by pltchei--Nordyke. Wild
pitches — Emerson 2. Stolen . bases — Doyle.
Casey. Lynch. Easan. Graham. She«ha.i. HU
"tt'ebrand. Williams 2. Sacritlce hits — Nordylce.
MeLaughlln.' Two-base, hits — F.asan. Sheehan.
.Graham. WlHiaass. Spencer. Three-base hit—
MeLaushlin. First- base on errors — Tacoma 2.
San Francisco 3. Double play—Wilson to
Gochnaner. Left on bases — Tacoma 9. San
Francisco 7. Time of same — Two hours and
fl v« minutes. Umpire— Davis.
TOURNAMENT MATCHES
ATTRACT THE BOWLERS
Golden Gate Park" Green Will Be the
Scene or Many Intereatlns
_ : Cunte«ta.
The Scottish bowling season is at Its
height and the pleasant weather at
tracts a large number of enthusiasts to
the green at the park each Saturday
afternoon. Two touranme nts are un
der way, and they should be. productive
of some Interesting: matches this after
noon. Both events are singles, one for
the ..championship of the club and tha
other for players over 70 years of age.
The latter competition is for the Law
son cup.
Six players are contesting in the
round robin tourney for the Lawson
trophy. They are Samuel Irving, Q. W.
Patterson. J. M. Duncan. W. Martin.
Andrew Foreman and J. McDonald. ...Up
to date' only three games have been
played. Patterson has 'figured In' two
of these and" won both. In the third
match McDonald scored a victory over
Irving. When all the contestants have
met the' lowest three will drop out.
The three remaining players will meet^
each other and the lowest well drop
out. \u25a0•" Thus the competition will nar
row down to two players, who will
meet in the finals for the trophy.
The championship singles touiica
ment has been in progress for many
weeks and will soon be completed., Fly©
players have reached the third round,
with three yet to qualify. Lattimer
vs. Taylor. -Watson vs. Eaton and
1/Hommedieu vs. Medeau are the three
matches remaining to be played in the
second round. "The five players who
have reached the third round ara Jo*
Gray. 31. L. Crowe. A. A. McVicar, W. J.
Fisher and J, C Moffatt.
DOLLTE WEJTHOFF HAS SPEED.
Miss . Provo Proves She la There* and
Bettors Cash In.
SEATTLE. July 7. — Three favorites
won at the . Meadows this afternoon.
: The attendance waa light and little
, betting prevailed. In the" six furlongs
DoIIIe WeithofT. nrst oft ""at the tape,
led all the way, making- a splendid fin
ish with Skirmish, whom she beat by
; a nose. . . *
In the five and a half furlongs Miss
Provo proved to be at her form • and
I carried more money than any other
; horse during the day. ., ' She .was ; heav
ily backed by the San Francisco con
tingent. Sterling Towers in the five
and a half turlongs made a' splendid
race with Doublet, whom he beat'by a
noise. Summary:
First race, six forlonss — Doll!« Wlethofl! (8
to 1. 2 to 1. even), won: Skirmish (1 to 2. I
to 4>;- second: Birdie P (3 to 5). third. 'Time.
1:14. - •• \u25a0- \u25a0 '' ' \u25a0• •' \u25a0
Second race, fire and & haJ£ furlongs — Miss
• Provo (3 to 4. I to 3. out), won: Nullah (even.
|S to 5). second; Hlrtle (2 to 1). third. '.Time,
1:«8. ' - ' -
Third race, five and a half . farionss— Sterling"
Towers (2 to 1. T to 10. 1 to 4), won; Doubl«t
(1 to 2. -1 to 3). second; Queen Cap (3 to 1),
third. Time. 1:06%. -
Fourth race, one mile — Homage 6 to 5, 2 to
5 out) won: Evermore (3 to 1. 3 to 2), second;
Play Ball (even), third. " Time.' 1:42%.
Fifth race, one mile—^Bessie W«lfly (3 to 1.
even 1 to 2). won; Ulloa '(2 to 5. out), second:
Gentle Harry (1 to 2). third. . Time. X:41%.
Sixth race, one mile — Harry Beck (2 to 1.
3 to 4. 1 to 3). won: ChabUs (S to 3. 3 to 4).
second) ; PJpper (even), third. Time. 1 : 10 % .
1112
THOUGH "EYES ARE THE PURSE'S ENEMIES''!;
.TOHX D. SPKKCKELS l'roprietor)
A<!<srf-ss t'oir.rriumcations io
JOIIX McXAIGHT Manager I
\v. J. MA HTI-V Ktisincss \u25a0 Manager !
Ask for TOT CALIl EI T!i < 2 ! <Scrator \u25a0WHI < Con- |
Btci You \V:i!i the Detriment Wisn. ;
r^:;«-e«d by Carrier*. =0 Ct«. I>r Week. 75 ;
Cts. Per Mo-t*. Slns'.^ Copies 5 C_ \u25a0»\u25a0 h
T™. t by Mail. lr.clud.::sr Postage <Cash W Itn ,
Daily CALL ilnrtad. SondiyV 1 '" r '- $ !'jM !
DAIT.Y CXUL tlncJad. Sunday). « mos... •-£» ,
UAILY CALI^— By Sirfrle Montn ,
k BUVDXT CALL. 1 Year loo •
WEKKLT CALL I Vc.ar..... -^ Ye'aV Esira i
FOREIGN I r>«' :^ . • : f|S» W year Extra I
POSTAGJ:. vSrfriV "i K> Per Year Extra
AI.L rOSTMASTEKS ABB AjTrHOBIZEa
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. ,
E«n:r:o Copies wlli be f.nvaratd when re- j
quested. , .
Mall rubscribers in ordering chan ji? > , view
<r*.s tbould be particular to give ™
AND OLD ADDRESS in orcer to lnra.« »
prompt and correct compliance w.ta tneir r»-
tem.
OAKLAND OFFICS:
1016 BroaiSwar Telephwie Main 1053
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
IiSS Park Btreet. Near Santa Clara AT«roe-
Pfccne A'ameca C 59.
BERKELEY OFFICE t
214* Center Street Telephone Norta TT
WA6HINGTON- CORRESPONDE>Tt
JAJtirs S. TTLEK Pest Buildtn*
NEW TORK NEWS STAND 3:
WaMorr-Astcrla Hotel; A. Brentano »l
Union EQuare: Murray Hill Hotel; Flftb-avenue
. Hotti and HoCman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fcnertnan House: P. O. N«ws Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Treniont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Home.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE: 1
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building
<Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
' NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
€TEPHKN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulldin*
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTON Herald Squar»
BUFINEPS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock -very night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOCS Market Etiect. opposite Fifth; open until
11 P. TTI.
806 Montgomery aye. ; open until 8 p. rx
800 Hayes street; open until 8:33 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. ex.
€15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1911 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
106 El«-v*n;h street; cpea until 9 p. m.
1096 Vtle.-.c.a street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast ccrr.er Church ani Duncan streeU;
open uiufl it -p. in.
2200 Filimore street; cpen until 9 9. m.
TO SUBS -IBEUS LEAVING TOW»
FOR TU£2 SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating; a
chance of residence during; the ouinmrr
months can have their paper forwarded
by- mail to their nevr address by notify-
ing TUB CALL Business Office. This
paper « ill also be on sale at all nunmtr
resorts and In represented by a local
asrent In all town* on the coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
JANY — A epecial meeting of the stockholders
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
will be held at the office of the company, ia
room 1216, in the Merchants' Exchange
bullying, in the city and county of San
I r ranci£co, In the Btate of California, the
lane beir.g the principal place of business
cf tald corporation, and being the building
where the board of directors of said corpora-
* lien usually meet, on the 28th day of August
2U05, at the hour of 12 o'clock noon, to con-
cider and act upon the propositions:
Kirn, to Increase the capital stock of said
corporation to uce hundred and sixty, million
Rollers {$160,000,000). and for that purpose
to amend article VI of the articles of in-
corporation and consolidation of the company
to read as folows:
"The tc.o-r.t of the capital stock' of said
corporation t>ha:i be one hundred and sixty
Killion dollars ($160,000,000) divided into
cr-e million six hundred thousand (1.600.000)
chares of the par vaiue of one hundred dol-
lars ($10U) each, which said amount of capi-
tal stock does DOC exceed the amount actually
required for the purposes of the said corpora-
tion, and is the amount actually required
and asctrtained to be necessary for construct-
ing, completing, equipping, operating and
tnaintainir.g its road, and Is so estimated by
competent engineers, as will appear by the
written estimate of such engineers, duly
Eigned by them, and tiled In the office and
principal place of business aforesaid of said
corporation."
And to amend paragraph third of article
XII of the said articles to read as follows:
"'The cumber of directors of said con-
*o'.i<lated corporation shall be eleven (11)
*:.i the amount of the capital stock of said
corporation shall be one hundred and sixty
million dollars ($160,000,000), which said
amount of capital etock is the amount ac-
tually required for the purposes of said cor-
poration, and Is the amount actually re-
quired and ascertained to be necessary for |
constructing, completing, equipping, operat-
ing and maintaining its rcaa. and is co esti-
mated by competent engineers, as will ap-
pear by the aforesaid written estimate of
• aid engineers duly signed by them and on
file as aforesaid. Said capital stock of said
corporation shall be divided into one mil-
lion six fcunfired thousand (1.600,000) shares
cf the par valu« of one hundred dollars
(S100) each, of which said shares of said
ctpltal ctock the following have been sub- j
•cribed t>y and allotted to the stockholders
cr raid constituent corporations, as herein-
after set forth, to wit:"
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. Incorporated, organized and existing
under the la«g cf the State of California,
and to its shareholders, one million and
fourteen thousand two hundred and forty-
cce and sixty cne-nundi-edths (1.014 241 60-1001
ahares." ' |
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad Com- "1
pany. Incorporated. orßanized aad existing '•
under the laws of the Territory of Arizona ;
and to Its stockholders, one hundred and
ninety-nine thousand cine hundred and fifty '
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad Com- '
pany cf New Mexico. Incorporated organized '
and exlning under the laws of the Territory
©f New Mexico, and to Its stockholder/ :
sixty-eight thousand eight hundred and
eighty-eight (CS.SSS) shares." i "" iarca ana
"TJie several stockholders of each of «ai<l
rr.netituent coi portions shall have lisued to :
them l» the cald consolidated corporation
paid up shares of the capital stock of tie
consolidated corporation out ot the «t»^t.
ther ?t f IfUbeCrib<?<l1 f UbeCr i b<?< l , by * na *H°tted to,™
stockholders cf their respective constituent
corporations to the like amount dnl'ar fn,
collar, at their psr value with the plr vatas
<f the shares heid fey euch stockholders in
their respective confitituent corporations "
Thereafter, and i-eeor.dly. to create a bond
*J indebtedness of taid corporation to ihl
eoount in the aggregate of one hundn»H *»a
sixty million dollars < $100.000.0- % £ £51
c-cin of the Tnited States <a portion o »S
f 2°J* "r* '^ ml ? nX ** lst '"s bonded £*
«!*btffln*Rs). end tf. increase the bonded Jn I
*itl)tcfines» cf raid corporation u» "t o th '
atneurt in the aggregate of ore hun<?rt/i -™i '
rlsty million doilars <Sl<n.oW.oW) %? ~m '
«oin of the l'nit*d States. c.nd to secure ?l !
tald propound ben-ied Indettednees T by \u25a0 !
tiiortgsiie upon the railroads. rranchi(s»>« n «i
property cf the ccrupany r.ow owned or h^~
after «o;«ired. and the incom t 'her-o' T
turh part thereof as may be prescrlb»'^ t™
the mcrtgase: and to determine the form »£
terms of eaid bonds and mortgace B n-i \u2666
authorise the Board of Director* to' takV m
*uch action a« they may deem necessary „'
«xp<-d!er.t in the premises. ••«\u25a0»\u25a0 or
Dat«l the 2Sth day cT June.- 1903
By order of the Board of Direcrors.'
Becrctary cf ihe Southern Pajcisf^^J^
I'-. li*. C ALV 1^Z t
£.-;r*ctcr» cf ra!U Eouthcra PaciSc naiiroad
AXM7L MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS—
1 Srniet< it hereby {riven thnt the annual meet-
ing of tt;» *tooklinlc>r* of the SACRAMENTO
• SOUTHERN K'AILi'.OAD COMPA.Vr will be
I hrl*! on Monday. July 10, 1005. at r*
o'clock n.?on, «l the office of said company"
j ivicm 1216. Merrhart*" 'Exefcunfte ; building."
' \ Sen Fruncis'-o. California. f/>r \u25a0 the purpose
\u25a0 «>f electir.g n :» ad cf svt directors for
th* rrruing veer kr.d tn transact rnch other
v : baj-ire?:* fiX c-ay u^r.lly ccme before eald
i meet:r.e. June CS, IPCS.
' J. L. TI'ILLCUTT. Secrpt^rv.
MEETING NOTICES — Continued. _^
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and A. . « .
M.— First Oegrte THIS (6ATURUAY) Vjf
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Masons /V^
«vird(slly Invited. Ky order of th?
W. M. EDWIN L. MEYEK. Secretary.
MOUNT Moriah Lodj?e No. 41. F. and JD
A. M. — Officers aad members are re- Nfjf
fully it-quested to assemble at /V\
the tenjj.:^ THIS DAY at J):::0 o'clock
h. in., ior ifce purpose of attending- the
obsequies of our late brother, JOHN
XEI.SOX lato a member of Sir William
Wallace JJOdge Xo. SCS. By or-Jer of the
V.\ M. THKO. FROLICH. Secretary.
PAST Matrocs" Association. C. E. S.. m>^
meets THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN-
I.VJ. Maxonic Temple, S o'clock. "Hr%
Charter closed unless otherwise or- "
der»;l. .NKLLIE A.-DAIUJ-VG, PresiJent.
ETTA. HKUKR. Secretary.
EXCHLSIOR I>eer»»e Ix>dge No. 2, 1 -'sXri&.
J. O. -O. F. — Regrular m>-Pting.-:»SrsgsSSL
"JUS fSATURDAY) EVENING. ?%£&£BS2?
Third Derre-. 'a^WPS 5^
HARRY K. WOLFF. D. M.
MAJ'.S Lodge No. 202, K. of P., meeis -**£
to-night in Pythian. Hall. 2"JO Golden
Gnte aye. Visitorß welcome. *?S&?
CHAS. NAGELE, C. C. J&§*€
U. P. ADAMS, K. of R. and S. *~*^^*
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bidg..
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years: all courte, general courts and office
practice; no fees In advance cr for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free; legal divorce costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee in advance: open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint-
ment; call ani save money. 81S Market, r. 33.
W. MATTHEWS, .attorney and counselor at
law. 632 Market st., room 23; 21 years' ex-
perience; all courts; general court and office
practice; consultation free. Tel. Black 2332.
AA— DIVORCE: costs $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all law business; no charge unless suc-
cetsful; open evenings. P27 Market, room 301.
L. 8. CLARK, 927 Market, room 304; ccnaulta-
tion free; no fee In advance; open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR sale — 2 cylinder light delivery car.
WALTER P. FRANCE. 20 Golden Gate aye.
ASTHMA CURE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
10c, 2ftc. r>Oc. ICO2 Market st.. St. Nicholas.
For ssia by all druggists.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A— s2oo will buy old established halrdresslng
and manicuring business In growing town
one hour's ride from E. F. ; no opposition;
only one in town; big bargain; owner obliged
to leave for Europe. CAMERON & CO., S
Eddy st-
A — Wanted — First-class real estate man with
some means to connect himself with old es-
tablished city office; must have good creden-
tials. See CAMERON St CO.
A — First-class grocery and bar; fine transfer
corner; large stock and up to date; chance to
get one of the best groceries in the city. See
CAMERON & CO.
A — Family liquor store and bar; fine location;
long lease; well stocked; good fixtures; every-
thing strictly first class; make offer. See
CAMERON & CO.
f350 — PARTNER; manufacturing business; em-
ploys 5 men; to look after hired help and act
as cashier. RIORDAN & LESS, 935 Market
St.. room 5.
$700 — CANDY store, factory and icecream par-
lor; cheap rent: long lease; or take partner.
tSSO. RIORDAN & LESS. 935 Market, r. 5.
$1200— HOTEL and bar in heart of city; 12
rooms furnished; run by present owner 18
years. RIORDAN A LESS. 935 Market, r. 5.
$1000 — COR. grocery and bar in Western Ad-
dition; 3% years' lease; low rent. RIOR-
DAN & LESS, 935 Market Et.. room 6.
J3OC0 — SALOON; 14 furnished rooms; on East
St.; long lease. RIORDAN & LESS. 935
Market Et.
$1600 — CORNER grocery and bar; best loca-
tion south Market; established 30 years; liv-
ing rooms; cheap rent; -long lease. RUR-
DAN LESS. 935 Market St., room 5.
EAGLE REALTY OFFICE. Miller & Andersen.
230 Kearny ft.; phone Montgomery 628.
$800— PRINTTNG office, doing big business;
runs two presses; electrio motor; everything
necessary to conduct a flrst-clacs office. 230
Keamy st.
$1200 — SALOON; large etock; good fixtures;
rent $35; clears $30 daily; big bargain. 230
Keamy st. -
GROCERY and saloon license for sale.
$1050 — Grocery and saloon; fine stock; rent
$30; busy corner; no opposition. 230 Kearny.
DRUG STORE—
Very prominent corner: entabllshed busi-
ness; 3 years' lease; average sales $25; rent
$35; price 12000; good reasona for selling;
positively a bargain.
Address Druggist. 701 East Washington
at.. Los Angeles, CaL
RESTAURANT located on corner o* two prin-
cipal streets: rent only $12 50; well fur-
nished; large seating capacity; dwelling
apartments and a large basement thoroughly
equipped with Al Dutch oven and every
requisite for baking. Here's a wonderful bar-
gain at $350. M. A. Brooks, 12 Golden Gate.
PARTY prominently connected in racing cir-
cles wishes to form acquaintance of a person
with capital to take advantage of some good
things that are wired from racing- centers; 25
per cent weekly on ln\*estm«nt and chance
for losses reduced to a minimum; references
furnished. Box 0116. Call office.
FOR bargains in real estate and business
chances call on PEAK & LONG, 1004 Fill-
more st>
DELICATESSEN store valued at $1100 reduced
to $300; owner sick; has to go to country.
PEAK & LONG. 1004 Filimore st. .]
j FOR sale, cheap, a newspaper route at Santa
Cruz. Cal.. on a San Francisco paper; about
• 400 subscribers; can be increased to 600 or •
700. For particulars J. A. BARRETT, Santa 1
J Cruz. Cal.
! TO leaee — A brick plant; 40,000 capacity dally;
j engine, boiler, crusher and every facility for
I making flrst-claM brick; unlimited quantities
i cf clay. Apply DR. C. C. O'DONNELL.,
J 1021 Vi Market st.: tel. South 622.
1 ICE, coal and wood business at a bargain If
: sold before 15th; owner going to country on
account of poor health; will give good lease.
C. H. VAUGHAN. Ashby station. Berkeley.
BARGAIN — Nicely fitted up. gocd paying cof-
i fee, tea and crockery business. .4 . living
rooms, reasonable rent, lease, value In eight.
Apply GEO. W. DARBEY, 212 Hearst bidg.
tIKO PER -month net on an absolutely safe in-
vestment; $3COO buys the business, which
will bring mere money 3 months later. In-
quire room 4, 223 Powell st.
i CORNER grocery and bar; must be sold this
I week; living rooms: cheap rent; newly paint-
[ ed throughout: a bargain. Call 1035 Folaom
Jet..J et.. r.ear Seventh. ....
j CORNKR saloon; good locality; rent reason-
l able; liviag rooms.' Inquire at 1073 Mission
1 «t.; cigar stand.
j SALOON for sale— Half or whole; In good lo-
i cation; cash register; well docked; too much
; lor one. Box ClB6. Call office.
j POULTRY business fcr sale. Inquire at
i WARREN'S drug store, Frultvale aye. and
' E. l«th M... Fruitvale. .
BARGAlN— Lcdging and .boarding house; 20
rooms and tAloon. with" stock; -good for
sailors' boarding house. 14 Washington st.
BAR fixtures for sale cheap; chairs. \u25a0 counter.
tabl« and back of bar. - Corner Third and
Prancroft way. West Berkeley. r :
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
Rood Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call Easiness Office for particulars.
WE have a first-class guaranteed investment.
Particulars room 211, 05 Market et.
RKSTAI'RANT for sale; price $300; no agents.
Box C«57. Call. :
$050— GROCERY, branch baker}', school sup-
plies; S.fUnny ilv. rmt.; yard. 340S Mission.
HALF interest well established candy, Jce
cream business for sale.- 443 Bush st.~_ ' '
ESTABLISHED fruit and meat market, doing
Al business. Address 1023 Guerrero st. \
WANTED — A' partner In ' paying day restau-
rant; must be. cook., CaH.SS" First st.-:--.'
I unOCKRT. and r.aloon; cet."over SO years; fine
' location: 6\u25a06 \u25a0 years' lease. Box G065. Call.
! WANKED— Active partner in first-class day
ealoon. •' Box 00CO. Call office.
FOR sale— Paint chop complete: • account' de-
parture; '.cheap.. W2 -, Post : et. ; fruit store.
GOOD Call route for sale. Apdlv •at Call
THE '\ SAN' FRANCISGO^GALU; 'SATURISYX,JXai^:}B^I9dS:
BUSINESS ' 'CllANCES— Continued.' -..• '
; LOOK AT, THIS. '\u25a0•-.'.. '.'\u25a0 \u25a0'.\u25a0''. A . -- ' \u25a0
A—sls,ooo;A — $15,000; saloon with 4 .rooms, -house of 6
rooms, family '\u25a0 orchard and 40 acres land;.
here- will be in short time the Western Pa-,
. cific R. R. camp with about 10,000 men for
the next 3 years; no show for any other
. calocn to open; this Is a bonanza. Call R.
G. WILICE. 26 ,4 Kearny st.
A— ?f;so; CIGAR, tobacco stand, corner, with
laundry office; owner kept place 4 years;
business clears above $110 per month; loca-
tion the best; close to Examiner office. 'Call
R. G. WILKK. 20'/. Kearny st. ". -
A— sl7so; SAUSAGK. factory and pork store;
hcrse, wagon; business '-. established many
years; lias a large patronage In, wholesale
\u25a0 .trade, also doins rushing store. trade; ownei
to retire only cause of gale. . See H. Q.*.
•\u25a0'iYILKH. i ;tl',i Kearny st. \u25a0 .
A— T!l^00: COR.VER saloon north ot Market ft.,
closo to Kearny:"rent $S0; lease; ownei
wishes to quit city life and go in the coun-
try; investigate: -this Is a rare chance.- Call
R. G. WILKE. 2C'.£ Kearny st.
A—sl3s(t;A — $135(t; GORNERTeaIooTi on Folsom st.; with
2 living rooms; rent $35: place located close
to Sixth i>t.; harsain. Call R. G. WILKE,
2«',<j Kenmy !t. '•'.'\u25a0.-. '\u25a0'".
A— $2SCO; THE most prominent corner saloon;
on Sixth' *t..* with lease, and 1 cigar' stan'd in
front; <iuarreJs among. partners only cause of
pale; not all cash necessary. • Call R. G.
WILKK, 26H Kearny Et. ; > :
A— $U000; ELEGANTLY fitted up saloon with
S furnished 'rooms; the most prominent loca-
tion- north -of •• Market ''street; '-rent '$125; a
\u25a0 \ very, rare chance;: place a money-maker. R.
. G. WILKE. 26V6 Kearny, et. , ;; , / '
A— ? 3000; CORNER. saloon--, with flat of -8
rooms; lease;- no better .location, in this city;
owner kept place .10 years ; a very '- rare
chance. Call R. G." WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— ? 300; CARPENTER .shop, -horse, wagon;
shop kept by owner 15 "years; .good buslnts*;
owner to retire. 1 Call R. . G. WILKE. 26 H
Kearny st. \u25a0 - » \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0-.•.
A— 5500; OFFICE business with . a monthly
published paper; 'office doing a rushing busi-
ness in Its line (no real eetate office). \u25a0 Call
for particulars. \u25a0 R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny
- etreet. \u25a0, : .-. ' . \u25a0 . ' -\u25a0 -''.--
A—$1000;A — $1000; RESTAURANT and coffee • saloon j
best location off Montgomery st.; old' estab-
lished and good-paying business; lea« If de-
slred. Call R. O. WILKE., 26^ Kearny st.
A— slso- RESTAURANT and chophouse. opp.
• the park; rent $15;. a .bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. -26% Kearcy st. :
A— s2ooo; ROAD house with bowling alley,
dance pavilion, etc.;. rent. $30; the place is
located on the most 'prominent county road
to San Mateo. Call R. G. WILKE. 26>4
\u25a0 Kearny et. \u25a0 .- ' ' \u25a0
A— s2loo; CORNER saloon on Sixth et.; rent
$80-. this; is an old-established corner; best
part of Sixth St.; investigate; a very rare
chance. R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny «t.
A— s4oo; GOOD, active man wanted in cigar
factory employing 8 men; must know bow to
keep books or act as salesman. Call R. O.
. WILKE. 26% Kearny «t. '
A— s9so; CORNER saloon, with cigar, stand,
on Folsom st. (Mission); living roomsj 0
years' lease; a bargain and • rare- chance.
Call R. G.. WILKE, 26% Kearny «t.
A—s2oo;A — $200; CIGAR store on prominent part of
Mission et.; sfactory In the rear; owner's;
established. 20 years; a bargain. .Call, R. G. (
WILKE. 26% Kearny 5t....... \u0084 \u25a0 :
A— s6so; CIGAR- and tobacco stand,' in a most
prominent location; also laundry office; place
kept by. owner for years; never clears less
( than $100 per month to your bank account.-
See R. O. WILKE. 26% Keartiy 6f. ,',. * \u25a0'
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, with lease and llv-
lng-room; about 8 barrels- choicest whisky on
hand; location the very.best: close to Market
et.; investigate; this i« a rare - chance. R.
Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. \u25a0•' >
A— s7so; MANUFACTURING .business; article
used and must be used In every ..household;,
owner Is engaged' in- other business: .Call
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.sU ; .'. :\u25a0-'..« I
A— s9so; OYSTER and chop house with 3-year.
i lease; most prominent, location 1 in : Western;
Addition; this business Is a good , one. Call;
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St. '\u25a0_
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; FANCY grocery and delicatessen
store on Sacramento St., Western Addition;
rent 530; 3 years' lease; full value in. sight.
Call R. Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— sl2oo; CORNER saloon wlth-7 furn. rooms;
rent $35; place doing a rushing business;
about 12 barrels beer per week; close to
warehouses and railroad shope; actual value
$2000; Investigate at once. R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st. '.
A— s3ooo; CORNER saloon on water front with
4 years' lease; net rent $90; prominent cor-
ner- owner to take command of schooner
- cause of sale. See. R. G. WILKE,' 26%
Kearny st.
A— sBso; RESTAURANT and coffee parlors on
Ocean Boulevard; rent $3S: lease 5 years;
place clears above $150 uer month. R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny »t.
A— sl6oo; SALOON; close to Taylor and Mar-,
ket ets.; net rent $112; 4% years' lease;
good business; investigate; a bargain. R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; SALOON with mercantile lunch in'
wholesale district: N of Market St.: place
established years; business flrst-claas; owner
to ko to the country. See R. G. WILKE,
20% Kearny st.
A— s7ooo: CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; place clears about $500 per month; 7
years' lease. Call R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny st.
A— slSoo; CORNER ealoon In wholesale dis-
trict; kept by owner 8 years: must be sold at
once: owner to retire from business: a first-
class pyalng place. Call on R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st. < "
A— s24oo; CORNER grocery arid bar; must be
sold; owner to engage in other line of busi-
ness; full value of fine etock in sight; 4%
years' lease; location can't be beat. Call R. |
. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny 6t. . ,
A—sl6so;A — $1650; CORNER grocery and bar on Sacra-
mento et.; Western Addition; '5 rooms; 4
years' lease; place established years. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny .at. ..... - ' - ;
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been ODened st 1008 Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. \u25a0 .
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
. COMPRESSED Air and • Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. .8. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company, 80S Market
St.: phine Main 152 and Bush 479. T .--.'- j
WHEN you become disgusted -with your work,' i
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- :
Ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rlson St.; A I clean:ng, 3c. ' FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.'
CARPETS clean., fit., lay. 630 G.G.ave.;phone
East 1965. Star. Ren. Co.. W. Wagner. Mgr.
CARPETS cleaned and laid. 8c a yard. KLEIN-
ERT. 1520 Polket.; phone East 725. >
'CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
Golden Gats aye. & Larkln; phone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
. tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S,- 240 Fourteenth st— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74. \u25a0
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison tt. ; tel. '- Mission 263. :
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,'
10 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.:
LACE AND BLANKETS.
.BRANDT'S New York Curtain Houee;. most
complete plant for cleaning- lace curtains
and blankets - 1324 -•- Filimore ; i phone Pine
2622. ' \u25a0-' .."\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0- •-' -- - -'\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0
COLLECTION OFFICES. '\u25a0 ;*£.
BAD tenants ejected : for $4; collections 7 niade;
city or' cmjntry. ; Pacific Collection Co., 415
'Montgomery. St.." rooms 0-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS.
DR^^Elt^ATNl^S^^ET^AL^olJpAiNYt
Perfect - painless : dentistry 'at lowest' prices.:
" Full' set of» teeth; s2;; sliver fillings,: 2sc; gold
. fillings. $1; gold crowns,' $3; -bridge. work,, s3."
1104 Market st.. corner Turk. -;, \u0084 \u0084 .
A NEW plate— The \u25a0.Whalebone— Cannot ibroak:
\u25a0 warranted 20 yrs.:. crowns ?3 50;. fillings 50c;'
plates. $5, - full « set ; : all \u25a0 work . painless \u25a0 and
" warranted. "Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixths
DR. LUDLUM HILL, • 1443 Market,^ nr. i 11th—
No charge .. for * extracting ;.when ;: plates :; are ,
"\u25a0 made; old. plates': made over like; new; '»teeth ;
from $8 per set, extracting 50c; -gas glven.T. •'
FILLINGS. 25c and 50c ; - ; crowns/c $2. \u25a0 - NEW
. YORK DENTISTS. 9GO Mission, BE. cor. Cth:
GOLD filling)!,' 7r>c;: sll ver,; 3sc ','< crowns, $2,;n0 !
'.-- pain:- op. Sun.Dr.A.C.Howitt,'lol%*Grant avj
DUESS3IAKEnS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL A Dressmaking and "Millinery
*\u25a0- School— Eve.' class; patterns. V.ut.'lJ9o Market.-
KRISTER'S Ladies' -Tailoring; College,. '1281
Market st-7,MaJestlc bulldjngj ; ; ,vr :. . ..-. :.
I Accordion. -sunburst 'and '. knife 'pleating.' Stew-
I^' art's button & buttonhole factory, 1 110 Taylor.'-
nnomlnc-Hoiiscs and Hotels for Sale. '
. MARION GRIFFIN,
970 — Market — St. — room — 801 — Eighth
floor new — i Flood — Bulldinc — opposito
"The Emporium." I — Phone — 3843 — Modern
Business Methods.- ROOMING — and;
APARTMENT — Houses — Abstracts — fur-,
nished. All — „' titles , — *. guaranteed.
• 4th of July Special No. 10
WANTED A FARM j
IN; EXCHANGE
- For> a beautifully •. fur-
nlEhed central \ house.
Located near Powell and
Ellis.
. / — Prlce'SlSOO—
FINE FURNISHINGS. .
NEARLY NEW.
" — Cost $3700 —
' Loae on the .. premises.
4th of July Special No. 1.
23 ' rooms at a sacrifice $1000.
• Think of .being able .to buy , the furnishings,
•in a 23-room house close to Market st. fox the
nominal price of $1000. "The house was fur-,
nished about 3 ' months ago. \u25a0" . \u25a0\u25a0; \u25a0 • :
$75.-, .'-..,- -, ..'v-$75. - ; -': -. \u25a0' , . *' 5 -;
• "Rent only $75 per month and a le«»« on tn *
• premises, j .'.-;• .... :- \u0084 . ..
— MARION .'GRIFFIN— '
—970 Market St— -
\u25a0 ' - —Opposite "The Emporium. — \u25a0 \u25a0
4th'of July Special No. 2
.. . - 37. rooms 37- rooms
. . —On ELLIS st. — :
'' -r-Marble etepa — .
Great mirrors in halls.
... . — The— .
FINEST ENTRANCE!
\u25a0; ' — in this city —
• l Extra well ' furnished.
'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - SPLENDID:. LOCATION. i
. ; : —Price - $3500— \u25a0 .
Price $3500. , H . cash. '
— It Is first class —
: We * recommend it. \u25a0
4th of July Special No. 8.
.33 rooms: en Sutter st.. near Leavenworth;
splendid sunny bay-windows -. both front end
back; furnishings cost $«010: will sell for
*L'SOO; terms V, cash and time" to pay balance
from profit in the business. -
. — LONCI LEASE —
—LOW ' RENT—
Newly, painted, and kalsomlned.
House in good condition " throughout.
There is no better location In this city.
—MARION GRIFFIN—
P7O Market st- Opposite The Emporium.
4th of July Special No. 4
•^-42 . rooms—
— 42 rooms —
— FINE CORNER —
— on Bush street —
. A very fine location.
— Price $1400—
—Price only $1400—
>-\u0084.\u25a0-.. Nice, respectable roomers.
The rent Is only $135.
' .\u25a0 • • • ." .' — See—
T- . •:.-. .-. : u MARION .GRIFFIN.
. «th of July Special No. 9.
84 rooms.
DO YOU want n profitable house T
•WOULD YOU like a" corner?
WOULD YOU like it • on . Market . St. I' .
WOULD YOU like a lease, on. itT
WOULD YOU- like $130 monthly profit?
.WOULD YOU invest- •- \u25a0 • $2000?
REMESIBER the price U:only . . $2000..
TERMS If you .desire. ->-.\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :\u25a0
The house is clean," . \u25a0 Permanent roomers
And offices. \u25a0 See • ..«-.-«. ( . •
MARION GRIFFIN.
4th of July special No. 1 8 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
10 ' 10 - . 10
* • \u25a0\u25a0 . 10 rooms 10- •
' Near the St. Francis Hotel
\u25a0 $300 , - PRICE .$3OO,
; •\u25a0 — $40 per \u25a0 month j profit — *
' —$10 per month profit —
10 rooms on Mission- st.
— Price $400; $200 dwon — . . . ;
And we list y-o-u.
$200 down: payable $10
monthly. , :
No work. All apartments.
- Profit $35 monthly. .
See MARION GRIFFIN.
4th of July special No. 7.
16 rooms. < $900.
— 2 floors. 2 floors —
[Sunny side of utreet.]
$5J rent. -Monthly profit $52
NEWLY kalsomlned, • •
NEWLY papered.
NICE, clean and wholesome.
Located -'t blocks of Market street.
$300 cash and w-e , lend y-o-u $300 payable
$10 monthly..
MARION . GRIFFIN.
970 Market. Opposite "Emporium."
4th of July special No. 8.
— 62 rooms—
$3300. $3500 •
"\ '\u25a0'' . — Profit $300 monthly—
DO YOU WANT a chance
to put $300 gold coin
— in the bank? — \u25a0- : * - : :
HAVE YOU the ability!
to run a big \u25a0downtown!- - - •
house as tt should be run?
IF YOU HAVE a farm to -
trade or • •
IFYOUHAVE $1500- in - ,
cash the deal can -be ar- . ' •
ranged by
.; MARION GRIFFIN. V
. 970 Market st .
4th o' July special ' No.' 9.
The owner leaves this" city July 7th.
20 large rooms; monthly profit s . ... . $71..
PRTCE $1400; wily accept ANY OFFER above
$750. - At - whatever, prtce you buy It you need
only pay % down and WE will loan you the
balance. ' \u25a0 . ... ' \u25a0 ' ' .
— To be reapld' In —
— $10 monthly installments — . . ..
Think of the rent;. only $3% per room.
'\u25a0 ' 'J See \u25a0' V: V •
MARION GRIFFIN 1 . .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO Phone South' 1050
8 Eddy st..: cor. .Market and Powell. :.
. Headquarters for Rooming-houses, : Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances. \u25a0\u25a0",
53. r00m5, elegantly furnished:-: new, and up-
to-date house; fine, central' location: furnished
In golden; oak. mahogany, \u25a0 blrdeye maple; car-
pets Moquet \u25a0 and Axmlnster; '-\u25a0. cost • $10,000 1 to
furnish, but if taken within next few days the
price will be $4500.' . , . . - \u25a0<. -.-/\u25a0 - : .;=,
" .70 : . rooms; modern, .' up-to-date . downtown
house ; cheap rcnl ; • good' lease; : extra' good fur-
nlture 'and - carpets; everything in tlrst-class '\u25a0
condition;: fine 'location;- clears $250 to $300 per i
month; on account o£- dissolution of partner- I
ship this house can be had at great bargain. • :i
"14 rooms: close-in; rentf only. $75; good fur-
niture and carpets; -clears over $50 and leaves
nic«^ living rooms for : family; big bargain^ at
_$uw>. .; : - c . .-;': \u25a0 \u25a0;.: --.:-.':,:. ;.--.-;.:\u25a0 /-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0:;•:
-> 63 rooms, r.ewly furnished," close in and very
central ; fine brick- building; < elevator . and all'
modern conveniences ; the -\u25a0 price a asked Is 1 less
than half of cost to furnish; $3000. -\u25a0
\u25a0\u25a0 :-'.-. \u25a0 •\u25a0: ' ;\u25a0'\u25a0'-.-\u25a0•'.-.-\u25a0 \- \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0- • : \u25a0" , "' '\u25a0: '..
- \u25a0 106 '; rooms,- elegantly. : furnished ; , : new -• and
modern ' tlirougliout ; | best [of \ furni ture/ carpets
and draperies, beautiful % bar J and office on
ground flcor: all Htull and clearing big money
but sudden illness compels sale: will trade 'for
iraiichor residence property^across bay. •-\u25a0 - : '\u25a0
: \u25a0 30 rooms, newly- furnished ; close ' in ; ' can be'
run .either- transient -or \u25a0 roomers-
clearlnK $150 ; per ', month • above ; all "expenses l
going out' of, business. . : . • . \u25a0
42 — oorns; good-, location: i.-- well, - furnished:"
mostly men rocmers; clean and good; rent only,
.$125:; will ' exchange > for, smaller 'house, \u25a0 10 to
12 Toom3;'- pries; $1600.:;.; .'%,• . •\u25a0 . . ;':--.> .
•".-"- IS rooms ; rent only, $70: .f ine. location : ' newly,
furnlstied and -clearing s7o per montt, and, have
LODJGING-HOTJSEsV FOR:' SALE-^-Con.
nice living rooms; price $1050; will" take $750
to get in. y '
30 rooms; new, fine; central". location; well
furnished and 'paying -well; can -be bought at
big bargain, as - owner : . Is . leaving city; price
$1500, Just half, cost to furnish.
; 22 rooms; rent-only $90; good location: well
furnished and pays a nice Income, but owing to
certain circumstances will be sold for $Uo0;
will take 8400 to get in.
;16 rooms; well furnished; corner house; cheap
rent; good furniture and carpets; you can buy
this for face of/ mortgage or ?950. as owner is
obliged to leave city.
35 rooms; , nice, central location: rent $150;
good furniture and carpets; fine money making
house; price $2700.
. IS rooms; finely located: good furniture and
carpets: is paying well; will exchange for 10
or. 12 room' house in good condition. .
12 rooms; good location; new, modern build-
Ing; rent only $52 60. water -free; well fur-
nished: now -run as little boarding-house:
price $650. \u25a0
14 rooms; well furnished, downtown house;
mostly permanent men roomers: everything in
first-class condition; clearing $S0 -per mdnth;
fine proposition for seme one; price $1000.
" A. CAMERON A CO., 8 EPDY- 3T.
FAWCETT & JOHNSON. 811 ' James Flood bidg,
970 Market: st.,- Bth ' floor. Opp^ The, Emporium. \u25a0
Rooming and Apartment Houses./- - ; ';- .
"Exceptional Bargains."
$500—9 rms.; rent $37 50; < clears $25. per mo.»
$600—10 rms.; rent $47 60; clears $50 per mo.
$1250—14 rms. ;, rent $70; clears $100 per mo.'
$14CK>— 24 rms:; rent SI 00; clears $100 per mo.
$2500—24 rms.; rent $160: clearsslBo per mo.,
$1C00— 26 rms.;. rent. $100; clears $90 per.mo.
$CoO— 2o rms. ;rent $50; clears $60 per^rao.
$1500—30 rms.; rent $210; clears $150 per.mo.,
$2500—30 rms.; rent' slso; clears $100 per mo.;
$2000 — 32 mis.; rent $175; clears $100 per mo.;
$3000—38 rms.; rent $175; clears $130 per mo. V
$5000 — 38 rms. ; rent $225; clears $200 per.mo./
$3500—37 rms.; rent $225; clears $175 per mo.'-
$6000—49 rmB.; rent $300; clears $250 per mo.
. $4500—56 rms.;. rent $225; clears $275 per mo.
List your Real Estate, Business or Personal
property with FAWCETT & JOHNSON.
BEST. bargain and greatest value for the dol- :
lars you invent are to be found at
fcCHWEINHARD & CO.'S.
Rooming-House and Hotel Brokers, '
.ICOSVj Market St., opposite Fifth st. ..
FISHER & CO ............. ..Rooming Housea
Jas. Flood 8idg. . . . . .Phone Main . 3354. j
No connection with. any. other firm. ,"
See them in' their new office, room 433. .' '
FINE corner: rooming-house, 22 rooms; ! lore
lease; fine money-maker; trade or- cash; no:
ggenta. Owner. P. O. box 93, Oakland. ' :
$650 IF sold this week; house of 35 rooms; 2
years' lease; rent $50. 649 Howard st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF. ALEXANDER DELMAR,
The Greatest Living .
Clairvoyant, Palmist and Psychic Healer.' \u25a0'
. The Only Yogi Mediator
:- • . Of Secret Influence in America. . '
No matter what your troubles, sickness or •
desires may be Prof. Delmar will-h elp you; :
his advice and help are .always absolutely re-
liable; kind, honorable and confidential treat-
ment to all. FuHllfe. $1. Daily from. 10 a." m.
to 6 p. m.; Wednesday and 'Saturday 'evenings
to 9; Sunday, 1 to 4 p.m. ; 412 Post st. " ; : .
AA— PROF. NIBLO. - - .
' : PROF. NIBLO.. r -
MT $5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS <$1." -
Greatest living ASTRO .HEAD-TRANCE \u25a0
CLAIRVOYANT of- the age;; adviser on. busi-
ness and all affairs of life; tells your full name
and what you called for,' whom you will marry,
how to control the one \u25a0 you « love, even-miles
away; reunites the separated, * gives secret
powers to control ; : no • long - delays in waiting.
HOURS, 10 to 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
997— MARKET ST.— O97. p
Next door to Hale'a big store, corner of 6th..
.: PR.OF. NIBLO.:
A— MISS M. WILLB, 810 Ellis st. .'
Clairvoyant, crystal- seer; can be consulted
on all affairs of life; Miss Wllle guarantees
an honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; re-
veals the past; gives correct forecast of your
future; advises you on important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love;. reading. $1; hours
10-8 p.* ; m,-; French, German. English spoken.
PRINCESS EUGENIA, trance clairvoyant;
readings to ladles: only; my $3 , complete life
readings $1 ; 404 Eddy st. ; permanently located
In her own home; private; no sign; ring bell.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress.The Vendome. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Office 'hours — 10
a. m to 5 p. m.. Sundays 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals hidden secrets, love, business, etc.;
names; L. 50c. G. $1. 533 Golden Gate aye.
MME. JOSEPH, palmist and life reader, of
Chicago; business, speculations, love; full
readings; ladies 25c; gents 50c. 1221 Market.
MME. KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
' er, palmist; when others fail, try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102% Cth. nr. Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives names, advice in all affairs. 6 4th st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 103 Sixth st. to 954 Mission. '
*_ __' SPIRITUALISM. J^^ r rr ,
A MRS. J. J. WHITNEY." bus. medium and
life reader.' 1200 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser; none
better In city. 110 Sixth St.. room 3.
EARLE'S (seance Sun.. Wed.. 219 Eddy st.;.
readings. Hotel Hlgglns, O'Farrell St.-
PALMISTRY.
'a RETURNED H. s - Jerome Fosselll scientific
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5603
cure for Ryy^y^^^^^j
DR. PIERCES Magnetic Elastic Truss;. per-
fect retainer; positive cure; book free. Re-
f - moved 'to- 206 Kearny St.. room- 307. ; \u25a0 \u25a0 -"
EDUCATIONAL.
WESTERN BUSINESS COLLEGE, 12S1 Mar-
I Itet *t. Terms $8 per month; $40 six months;
\u25a0 thorough course; in order to demonstrate our
superior method of teaching will give one
month's tuition free: our motto, "perfec-
'- tlon"; Buccesn assured. \u25a0-'..- \u25a0 ' :•
1 a— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university law. medical colleges;
refs.. Pres. Jordan or any ' Stanford prof.;
I . summer session begins June P. Pbelan bids.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.; Cal. B. C. stu-
dents with, us: 'stenographers trained; po3l-
\u25a0 tlons secured. 925 Golden Gate. Webster & Co.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE has removed to larger quarters at 933
. Market: St.; best location In city; catalogue.
A— S. F. BUS. College. 738 Mission st.. gets
positions for graduates; 160 good places since
March 1. * Come and see us. ' . \u25a0-..- ' .-';.
HEALD'S School; of Mines and Engineering, Zi
"Post st.,'S~ F.: civil.- mining, electrical, steam
-. and gas engineering.. Send • for prospectus.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec.»min.. mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1804. Van
-:- der Nalllen School; 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1863;- largest in, the We>t; an-
nual enrollment >1000: Tsend. for circulars.
HINMAN'S ACADEMY, a : thorough' school of
dancing; all branches. 1412 Polk st...nr. Cal.
LESSONS in occult science: 10' to 8. r WAL-
\u25a0 TER - ROCKWELL; . 315 - Golden Gate aye. :
IRVING Institute School for Girls. 2120 Cal.st.;
fall term begins Monday. August 7.' 3905.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
lfi pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EYE AND NERVOUS- DISEASES.
HEADACHE . ':. chronic \u25a0' constipation, \u25a0 rheuma-
tism, diseases ot i the eye and the nervous
: : eystem speedily -cured.' \u25a0 DR.? SCHIRMAN,"
.". 1104.Market;.st., room 12, bet. Mason & Taylor
- EMPLOYMENT^ OFFICES^^
GEORGE M. SAKAUYE— Successor to George
- Aokl oldest and largest Japanese and Chinese
' employment office. 421 'Poet st. ; phono Bush
«V 135 •.',. ', promptly i furnishes \u25a0 all - : kinds >of help, i- :..-;
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. office fur-
- nishea reliable •, help ;o* all "kinds : promptly. -
H." SAIKI., 405 Post at.;; tel. James 501.-^
STAR Employment : ! Office — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese '\u25a0 help . furnished with care. '-W. T
; ; KADOTA. i 409 Powell st. : tel.-j Main \u25a0; 1751. '. i
REMOVED from 411 Vi O'Farrell st." to 1113
, Clay St.— HW.- HONG'S Chinese Employ-
-. : men t> O f flee ; ; best hel p. ? * Tel. , East . 426. •
A— ORPHEUM I Employment Offlce-^-Japanese-
;-, Chinese help.il 426 Powell st.: tel. Main 5752.
A— JAPANESE ' and 'Chinese MJhelp.' \u25a0\u25a0' WM.r
: YOSHY. , 415: Stockton- st. ; * tel. .Bush 559. '.; , : \
Finest. Japanese help; house cleaning specialty;
w:Gco..'R. I Kuniabe,.3l7, Mason;. tel. James 5251.
CHINESE ' and 'Japanese ! help; ' estab." 20 years. -
.- :,.Tel.*i Main 1097. -BRADLEY & CO.: 640 Clay.'
JAPANESE. Chinese help s of i all kinds ' f urn-
L-ished; house cleaning. 70S Taylor: James 7636.'
RELIABLE '. Employment Of-"
I - fice; all kinds help.f' 3ls Stockton. Main 5188. '
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — FEMALE.
TOUNG'lady wants position In family where
other help .is kept a» seamstress and assist
in house in ' exchange for room and board.
Address 1015' Jackson at.
YOUNG lady desires position with some re-
liable Institution a3 assistant bookkeeper: ex-
perienced. . O. A. M.. box 6082. - Call.
A COMPETKNT drl wants position as cham-
bermaid or waitress or second work: hua
good references. Box 6119, Call office.
COMPETENT. middle-aged German laun-
dress wishes few more engagements. Box
5514. Call office. -
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
working housekeeper or as ccok: tU to ?-"O
and car fare; city or country. Call or address
t Housekeeper, . 152 Fifth st.
MIDDLF-AGED woman wants washing. Iron-
ing or hou«e cleaning: good worker: »150
day. Box 58T9. Call office.
GIRL, 21 years, desires a situation to do light
housework in a small family; wages 515.
Box 6316. Call. " .
GOOD cook, willing to assist in housework,
wants position; city or country: wages 5-0 to
\u25a0 >35. 704 Fclsotn* at., near Fourth.
A COMPETENT girl wants position as cham-
bermaid or waitress- or second work; has
good references. Box 6119. Call.
GOOD plan cook wants place: $30 per month:
good and willing; middle-aged; on a ranch.
Call at 237 Minna St.. bet. Third and Fourth.
A YOUNG girl would like to mind baby. Call
51 Natoma st. \u25a0
SITUATION wanted by Finnish girl for gen-
eral nouaework. 522 Fremont st.
GIRL -wishes place for housework and cooking.
Please call at 39 South Park aye.
YOUNG Japanese girl wishes a position as
sohoolglrl in Oakland family. Snoeshop. 31
Telegraph aye, \u25a0"•-.-'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG- man and wife wish positions; man
good teamster and handy man; wife plain
•' cook or do chamberwork: country pret«rred.
Box 6376. Call office. - .
WATCH, clock and Jewelry repairer seeks po-
eltlon; 20 years' experience; own tools; good
workman. Address Jeweler, 728 Chestnut
St., Oakland. \u25a0 -\u25a0 \u25a0 j
YOUNG man speaking Spanish and English,
desires some kind of work out of the city.
1103 Broadway. - . \u25a0
BOY desires a position in an architect's office;
can show drawings.- Call or write 1240
Ninth aye.. Sunset District. \u25a0
DISHWASHER— Young man wants to wash
dishes. H. J. ENGLAND, 607 California st.
BOY of good standing would like steady posi-
tion in store. 314 Hayes st.
CASHBOY wants good place. Inquire at 620
Fulton at. \u25a0 T>v-,
MAN about place wishes position; take care
of horses, garden; can milk. Box 5530, Call.
WANTED— Position as Janitor in offlc* build-
Ing. 11. L., 6 Jackson st. . .
JUST arrived from New York; expert window
trimmer; formerly employed with the most
up-to-date and biggest flep't stores in New
York and vicinity; desires a permanent po-
sition; salary moderate to start. BLOOM.
room 624. Philips Hotel. 117 Sixth st.
A GOOD all-around candy maker in all
branches wants a position In city or coun-
try; \u25a0 can furnish best of references. "Ad-
dress box 6182. Call office. " ;
BARKEEPER — Young rod rrled - man j from the
East, experienced barkeeper, wishes ' steady
'position; city or country. Address COW-
LEY. 1061 Folaom st.
ELECTRICAL engineer; • competent to take
charge - of any kind I of lighting or power
stations or railway; over '2o years* experi-
ence; beat refs. furnished. Box 6118. Call.
CARPENTER, experienced mechanic, full set
of tools, wants situation to take care of
buildings; city or country: steady and relia-
ble. Address box 6173. Call office.
GOOD flannel washer wants position; under-
stands all the branches In wash-house; best
of references. 643 Broadway. ' '\u25a0>.."
BOY, 17 years old, wants a position en a
farm; willing to make himself useful. Ad-
dress P. O. box 2517. city." - . .
WANTED—Positlon; 'young man; bookkeeper,
and stenographer: Eastern references.. Box
• 6115. Call. - .- ' '
YOUNG man, reliable, will do bill collecting,
camplo distributing, deliver * goods -In " Oak-
land and vicinity reasonable. Box 6314. Call.
HONEST, steady young man- wants any kind
of work after 7 p. m. for a few hours each
evening. Box 6112, Call. .
PIANIST, good reader, would like engagement.
Box 6114. Call. \u25a0 . •
YOUNG steady helper on cakes, with experi-
ence, wishes position. Box 40.-3, Call.
EXPERIENCED barber apprentice wishes
place to finish trade. Box 6190, Call.
HOUSEMAN, thoroughly experienced Japan-
ese, wishes position as butler or houseman ia
city or country; have food references. REM,
407 .Post st. \u25a0
AJAPANESE wants position, wait at. table
- and housework, or hallboy in small family.
FRANK ITO, 703 Larkln st.; phone East
5770. - \u25a0 .
JAPANESE couple want place; man is flrst-
class cook; wife wait at table and house-
work; has references. G. MASUDA. box
6120. Call. -.-- \u25a0'.-
YOUNG Japanese boy wants work. cooking and
some household work; wages 99 up a week]
I worked a long time -in last place. ' MAIDIS
FU JIO, 2406 Mission st. ; phone Church 5575.
JAPANESE experienced waiter, wants position
- in family; understands valet; wages M
week. Address GEORGE OTHO. 609 Eighth
at., Oakland.'. . \u25a0 . \u25a0
JAPANESE butler or first-class cook wants
a ~ position In family; references. Address
SHO. 500 Dupont st.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants situation lln
small family; wages - (35 a month. C. 8.,
407- Hayes at. \u25a0 '
JAPANESE good cook wants position ia small
family; $0 up per week; references. Phone
Jackson 3C41.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a position at
housework. GEORGE, 1003 Guerrero St.;
phone Blue 2831.
JAPANESE boy wants ' position as waitw;
help cook; housework. ' FRANK,' 467 Hayes.
YOUNG Chinese first-class family cook wishes
position;: $50 month: city or -country. Call
; or write YEANG QUONG. 906 Dupont st.
CHINESE first-class cook wants .position in
private family; wages $9 or $10 week. AH
FONG. 37 Waverly place.
FINANCIAL. -
REALTY Syndicate Certificates purchased;
top prices. W. L. HARPER. Crocker bidg.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES^
FLATS, apartment and rooming housea; our
'renting department is free to all; we can
find you a home in any part of the city;
ask for no payment other- than -your good
will; we do not ask you" to buy or even look
at the goods; use this department freely;
' you are more than welcome. .• \u25a0 • :
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-259 Geary
'.''.. St. (on the square). •
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
' EVery desirable vacant; dwelling is listed in
our renting department. ' Combined \u25a0 lists from
25 of the largest agencies. .Saves a world of
' time and trouble.
Service is absolutely -free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at
furniture Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
.-</_- 1039 Market St., opposite McAllister. .
A VISIT- to our free renting department will
help you to get' just the bouse or flat you are
looking for: you are perfectly \u25a0• welcome and
under no obligations. T. BRILLIANT FUR-
. NITURH CO.. .338-340-342 Post st. \u25a0\u25a0
5-ROOM sunny flat facing Duboce Park. 46
Portola st.. "bet. Stelner and Pierce, oft
* Waller. ' : v \u25a0 \u25a0
CORNER ' flat to let: ; 8 ' large light sunny
roomsi suitable for rooming-house: rent $35.'
D.HADELER. SW cor. Fell and Devlsadero.
A — NEW ' lower, middle and upper, flats. 7. \u25a0 7
and S rocms: 2 toilet.*: all up to date.- At
T 2021-3-5 Oak St.. opposite the park. .*\u25a0\u25a0 -^_
FOR rent— Elegant new 6-room flat. California
- st., near Broderick; will make special terms
- to small* family. ..-Address box 6227, Call."
$2S— LOVELY flat. , 7 large sunny rooms;: all
\u25a0 modern; only $4 per room;-. hall" gas and wa-
. ter free. 874 Valencia St.. near Twentieth.. \u25a0
A- SUNNY corner; 6-room lower flat: basement;
half i block \u25a0 from Market st., ; Castro or , ISth
;" st. s cars. :" 3047 ; 17th -st.; corner; Hartford. -:
BCSH. 122U— Flat,; 4. rooms; rent- 512. Apply
I-; 1223 \u25a0 Bush ! at.", i basement. ..' \u25a0 ' \u25a0'
MCALLISTER, 1566-6S— Up-to-date flats. 7-3
••- room*: ' rents .very low |to responsible parties.
$7 — LOWER' flat.! and r yard.; 72tS}i Harrison
St., between .Third and, Fourth. ~x
ELEOANT-' modern upi>er.' flat; ."S rooms; all.
.* sunny." 52S Oak St.: neaxv Webster. '
FLATS TO LET— Continned.
XO let— Middle flat; 3 rooms; 1330 Larkin tt.
Apply 1350 Larktn. '
FLAT four rocms and bath for rent: reason-
able: carpets for i-ale. 506 Larkin st. -
CASTRO. 421 — Unfurn. upper flat: 4 or 5; every
room sunny; fine view; bath, phone; cheap.
$20 — FLAT of <J sunny- rooms; bath, gas and
tubs. 17S Thirteenth St.: adnlts.
UPPER 7-room flat ; sun every room: large gar-
den; can be seen 10 to 4. 2407 Pacific aye.
CENTRALLY located flat. 5 rooms, bath: mod-
erat?. 102U Sacramento St.. above Powell.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. 'ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
FI,ATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED upper flat of 4 rooms, kitchen,
pantry. bat v . porch: fine piano; garden and
two entrances to basement; sun all day; must
be sold; parties goins away; your own prtce;
rent $12. 7C5 Florida st. -
CAPP. .614— 5 large sunny rooms; piano, gas
and coal range.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
$14 RENT; 5-room fiat; must be sold by Mon-
day morning: price $60; on Mission st. MJS-
SION REALTY COMPANY. 3297 Mission.
DEVISADERO. 435— 5250: 9 neatly rurnlshed
rooms; rent $20; 4 rented $23. Call afternoon.
$150— FLAT of five- rooms complete; rent $20.
1611 Waller st.. near Stanyan.
j FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed storage, pt-
anos & furn. Whltehead's Storage. 163tf M'kt.
FURNITURE WANTED.
: i . . '
"WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS."— We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, offlc*
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARiC J.
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market tt. be-
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture. carpets, etc. 732 Mission; tel. Bush 813.
Z. ABB LEVY. 1135 Market St., phona Jeasl*
761, pays cash and buys everything. ' > .
HELP WANTED — FEXAJLE.
COOK, small restaurant ~. .$lO week
Cook, 2 In family, city ..$4O
• Cook, no waiting. German styl* 135
2 cooks, little washing $3©
Maid and seamstress ....................130
Parlormaid and waitress ..........$3O
Cook on a ranch '. Ijo
6 waitresses for resorts and hotels $23
Housekeeper, man, 2 children, city $20
Cook and helper for mine .........$73
Chambermaid and waitress, country ....$23
Man and wife, small ranch .......... ...S4O
Waitress for springs, fare paid $25
Nursegirt. city |n 50
Housework. Goat Island^ $23
French second girl ..........$23
. Second girl. Belvedere .$23
Housework girls, citjr and country, $20-$23-
$3 O. Call to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
334 Sutter sC
MAN and wife for ranch; see bos* in. city to-
day. Call J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
TWO waitresses for first-class springs. : $23. .
A flrst-ciass lroner for hotel at resort. $40.
MISS PLUNKETT. 428 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
GIRLS to learn hairdressing-, manicuring, mas-
sage, etc., from A to Z in 1 mo. for $3- to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evenins
class. College. 234 Post st.. room 17. 2d floor.
WANTED— GirIs to learn millinery for fall; 3
seasons from start to finish In 1 mo. for $13;
positions guaranteed $12 per wk. up: learn
now for Aug. positions. School, 234 Post.r.lB.
PACIFIC Halrdresslng School; whole trade,
manicuring, massage; positions $10 a week
up; day and evening classes.: 133 Powell st.
MILLINERY taught 1 mo. for $5; leara now
for Aug. positions; sits, guaranteed; eve.
school only. .234 Post st.. room 18.
WANTED — Hairdressing studants; hairdress-
ing. manicuring, facial massage, scalp treat-
ments, dermatology, electrolysis and chirop-
ody taught at Motor's College; new location.
405 Powell, near Post; the, most thoroughly
complete college west -' of Chicago;- special
terms now. MISS JESSIB , MACDONALIX
instructor.
WANTED— Salesladies for children*
ings and' hats: a»IT early to-day. S. X.
WOOD & CO.. 740\Market st. . _ ..
WANTED — Young- lady as saleslady in chil-
dren's furnishing goods department. Apply
S. N. WOOD A CO.. 740 Market st. \u25a0 •
A VEST operator, . one who can back vests:'
also a second operator; electric power; a
steady position. Apply 49 Geary St.. a. N.
WOOD & CO.
YOUNG lady who is an experienced dry goods
wrapper wanted.' Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' . ..•..
YOUNG lady 'who is an experienced cashier
wanted. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.* .
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced lac* salea-
. woman. Apply between 9 and 11 a. ra. at
- HALE 8R03.'
GIRLS wanted to do hand-sewing and crochet-
ing. GANTNER & MA.TTERN CO.. 6OT
Grove st. \u25a0 • ; U
SALESLADIES wanted for various depart--*
ments. Apply superintendent's office. The
Emporium. \u25a0 . - ...
WANTED — Girt tor cooking and downstairs
work; references required. Call 2311 Broad -
- way. \u25a0 - ,-\u25a0
WANTED— A woman to 000k for & men, oooti-
try. $8 week. Box 8896. Call. -..".-
A GIRL for general housework; slaap boxa*.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m.. 681 Hayes at.
WANTED— Women and girls to work oa fruit
at Foster Bros.' Cannery. DLxon. from July
15 to September 1. Register names by mall
to DLxon. CaL - - - -. . \u25a0
COOK and downstairs work; wag** $33. 178
Belvedere st.. bet. Frederick aad Waller.
Cole and Clayton sts.
FOR enjoyable, profltabla spar* Urn* work.
guaranteed reliable". Address er call 1344
Market St.. opp. Seventh. 9 to 5. - .
WANTED — Girls -on sewing; machine*; nia by
power: light work; good pay. NEVILL3S A'
CO.. 630 Davis st. - - . . -' - . -;
SEWING machine, operators on overalls: no
experience necessary. . LEV! STRAUSS A
CO.. 32^4 Fremont at. MR. DAVI3. .
WANTED — Young women to learn telephon* .
operating: references required. Apply 21 i
Bush st..- third floor, after 9 a. m. ' *.:"*..
WANTED— A girl to assist with light house-
work. Apply 72S Guerrero st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
good home.-. 621 Washington st. \u25a0 \u25a0
WANTED— First-class manicurist. 21 Eddy
street. • : \u25a0 ' -' • -
AN enjoyable profitable outing; pick: hop* In
August. Particulars later. \u25a0
B AIIIJEUS— -Employment and Supplies.
BARBER shop for sale— University * barber
shop, controlling: university trade; no opposi-
tion: opportunity for young man desiring edu-
' cation; furn. living rooms in connection; rent
cheap. R. J. COYNE. College Park. CaL
BARBER shops, city and country, wanted:'
have several inquiries for fair paying shopi;
all shops that can stand thorough Investiga-
tion may 'apply to D. STOLTZ. 723 Markat st.
$650— BARBER shop with side line for sale;
business clearing more than $135 month.
\u25a0 Address box 1964. Call office. Oakland. -
BARBER shop for sale: good location; near
Washington st- Call 47S Seventh. St.. Oak- .
land. - .- ; ' . - -\u25a0\u25a0 -... , :
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted; steady employ-
. ment. Call 2408 California St.. near Fill- "
more. ......
BARBER wanted. 561 Castro st. .
A BARBER for Saturday and Sundays. $a.
'1238 Ninth aye.. Sunset. - ;
BARBER wsnted for Saturday and Sunday.
227% Fifth st- \u25a0 ' . :-,
A BARBER wanted:- steady; Saturday and
Sunday. .622 Shrader at., cor. Waller.
BA RBER for ' Saturday at 505 Fourteenth st..
Oakland.. : . - - _• .-;
BARBER for Saturday — and Sunday. 420
Broadway. '. ' "\u25a0' . : - •
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday;- steady:
non-union: call morning. 223^ Fifth at.
• .. \u25a0 : \u25a0 :
BARKER wanted. 2StC. Fotsom st. .
BARBER wanted for Saturday afternoon. - 131 -
. Third st. " \u25a0 »^ . \u25a0
i GOOD barber wanted;' 10c shop.' J. ARTRJL
611 A Howard at. ; ; ->' ~
LADY .barber. : lon*^ experience. : wants sltua- -
\u25a0 \u25a0 tlon or, business partner. Box SSOI. Call. ,-.
BARBER shop; barber shop; will sacrlOc* this
. v week. 1007 Vi Market m. .. . \u25a0 ; YrZ ,THEY BECOME AL.DIES IM READING WANT ADS
BARBERS, ETC. — Continued.
FOR sale — Complete fixtures for barber shop;
2 chairs; cheap. -135 Fulton st.
i'Oli fcale— Cheap, lurniiure ot a 2-chair bar-
ber fehop. Call 744 Fourth St.
HELP WANTED—MALE^
AT IiOKU & SMITH. 741 Mission st and
C 2« WatihinKton et.
—FREE FARE—
—FKCU- i-AKli—
--NEVADA STATE— •
S. P. Railroad n-rtt. liazen. Nevada.
oood DQ-oiiany. *o discount.
Oood \u2666took *nd outfit.
Kk lA__astets $2 -5.
J-'ree tare. Ncvuu». Free fare.
Chip to-day.
Fee $l. tie* *l- Fee $1.
60 men North $2 50.
?2 50 for M men North.
Blacksmith f. r camp $3.
Blackbrr.lth for Nevada $3; free fare.
$05 Free Fare To-day.
2 men for harvest $1 50 and fouud.
Young man la factory city.
Youhk m* 1 - 3 l 0 take orders >1 <a
Teamsters near city $2 25.
|t _5. ....For two horse teamsters $2 _5.
Good outfit. . . Ho dlsceant.:
Go this morning.
• . Carj^n^r*- R. 11. Co Free fare.
Free fare, R. R. Co. (rode $3 to $3 50.
Go to-day.
Carj*?nt<>rs. North. $3.50. Fare paid.
Boss here. Board $20. o houre' work.
Come early for this.
JCevada State To-day.
Free.
Railroad work. Long Job.
Come and sec about it.
To-day. To-day. Free. Free.
TALLY man for mill ?\u2666« and board; 5 car-
\u25a0 penten. $4 day. S hours; 4 lathers, long job,
*_ .>0 i>er 1000: carpenters. 5:1 Thi day; 2
coachmen. $35 and $45 and round; choreman
for resort. $25 and lound: milker and wife.
«H0 and found: ti blacksmiths and helpers,
$2 and board. $2 50 and $3 day; min -rs, $:{
day; muckers. *2 50 day; -umber pliers. $40
and board: iM'ad donkey man. SCS and board-
laborer* for lumber railroad. $.'55 to $40 and
board; farmers, milkers and others. J. F
. CROSETT & CO.. C-S SacranMTito st.
COOK for nice restaurant, $21 a week; ref-
erences as to sobriety and capability pos-
itively required: storekeeper for restaurant,
<50 and board; cook and wife waitress. $05;
iolored cook ar.d hou!«e man, $40 to fcso;
eeend lunch mar., $45; natters, $30 and
found: rsnanrar.t porter; $^0; young man to
»s=i=i*t in dining-room. $S week: dishwashers
ar.ci ethers. J. F. CROSETT &. CO.. <52S
M Sacramento Bt. ,
WANTED — 1 your.g. active men who under-
stand im!-.i:.c; about 175.000 laths to lay;
no contract work unless you want to take
it by Contract: will $>ay $2 50 pec thousand
>-\u25a0:•» and ?urni£h laths and nails; t-ee owner
of building In city. App!y to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
WANTED — First-class head ioßger for lumber
cc-mpacy: also assistant logger, same place;
see boss in city; going waxes. .
We want also 2 bright, active men to bot-
tle medicinal water at springs; salary $30
- per month ar.d found. Apply to J. F.
i rROSETT & CO., «2S Sacramento et.
jI— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOY-
MENT AUCNCY.
635 Washington st. Phone James 3301.
NKVADA— FREE FARE.
FREE FAKE. NEVADA.
* Carson and Tonoaah R. R.. new work.
£hip to-night. $C 7 50. $<S7 50.
FREE FARE.
Sclano County. A. L. County and C. C. Co.,
boss here, steady work, $CO.
LABORERS.
10 laborers, f.Oc fare, S hours, $2 day. board
anywhere, long job.
MINES.
5 cartr.en. gold mine, $2 50 day, south, Al
Job. $2 50 day.
2 cold m'.nors, $3 day, ccc boss here, board
where you like; 4 muckers. $2 50 day, same
place, steady work.
LUMBER CAMPS.
300 laborers and lumber piiers, $2 25 and
J2 50 day, 7 months' Job; plenty other good
jebs. Call and see.
NEAR CITY.
Plough holder. $2 00; scraper holders, $2 50
day; cook, small hotel, country. $40 and
found; second cook. city. $45 and found.
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenters, lcr.g Jcb. $:j 50 day. 80c fare.
Hay balers, 15c ten. 15c fare.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 423 Bush St.
Chef, second, baker country hotel
$100-$65-f(JO
2nd $<0, short order $50. third $35, country.
Cook and wife, for help, hotel $tio found
Waiters, bos- boys $25-$4O
Pantrymen, dishwashers potwashers..C2s-$U
Storekeeper, lunchman $50-$45
Colored barber and wife, hotel.
Fares paid for country
Teamsters, laborers, section handf in Call-
•fornia and Nevada $2 $2 25, $2 50
Lumbermen, graders $60-$ lOO
Farmers, milkers $35-S4O found
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush ist.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
6U COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUSH 833.
NORTH— FARE REFUNDED.
20 laborers, NEW ELECTRIC POWER
. COMPANY'S DAM. company work, no dis-
count. $15 and found.
LOOK! FREE FARE. NO OFFICE FEE—
6 laborers, $60. FREE FARE; 20 laborers.
" $60.
FREE FARE. EAST, on S. P. R. R.— 150
teaaisters, $2 to $2 25; FREE FARE; EAST.
8 laborers. OAKLAND, board in hotel, $2 to
Z2 23; 3725 sawmill, yard and woods men. $35
to tltX) and found; 5 blacksmiths: 10 CAR-
PENTERS. $80 and found. We want thou-
sand!, of farmers, milker?, waiters, laborers,
cooks, teamsters, miners and muckers.
AT RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
602 Clay st., cor. Mor.tgy. Phone James 2476.
Laborer*. Yuba County $2 50 a day'
Te&mstera. Colusa County $2 25 a day
U. 6. Government Canal — Nevada.
Ship to-day.
Resaw man 25c hour
Ripsaw man 22% c hour
Cut-off sawyer 25c hour
6 laborers, box factory 20e hour
25 section hands, lumber company, $2 day,
board BDc d»y. c
ANDRES office. 317 Stockton st- — Man to
tend vegetable garden, wife to raise chickens.
S5O; man to tend garden and milk one cow.
$30 and found; waiter*, city and country
hotels, $SO to $35; silvennan. $30; dish-
- washer. $30; vegetabletnan. $25; night cock.
$50; third cook. $35; oysterman. $45.
WANTED — Experienced talesman for men's
furnishing goods department; app'.y early to-
<Say. S. y. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market nt.
EXPERIENCED boys' and children's clothing
ealemnen wanted; apply early to-day. 8.
N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market »t.
• .^V'ANTED — Experienced talesmen for men's
clothing department: apply early to-day. S.
N. WOOD A CO.. "40 Market St.
WANTED — A first-class window dresser, one-
•who Is capable cf dressing a thoroughly ar-
tistlo window containing clothing, furnlsh-
J trigs, hats and tailoring goods; a man of ar-
tistic taste and practical Ideas may secure a
rood paying position; only men possessing
these qualifications need apply; no one else
will be considered. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. Powell and Ellis sts.
• "WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
advertiser; one preferred with college educa-
v tion and who hae made a special study of
£H. English. Apply between » and 11 a. m, at
HALE BROS.*
YOUNG man who is an experienced dry goods
bundle wrapper wanted. Apply between 9
an*! 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Bright young man to learn the dry 1
goods buninpFE. Apply between 9 and 11 j
a. m. at HALE BROS.' j
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman. ;
Apply between 9 and 11 a. tn. at HALE j
EP.OS.'
WANTED.
First-^'aM Jrb <-.m:i...-it i.c ?2l r*r week
Cylinder ]>ree«rr<T! -. . . ..^n ppr wefk j
Plater. r^"e^^\u25a0lr^'^ - \u0084.557 j>.r vrski
cpr.x .-.nor.
Call iranj'd'ct !;'. 1* r:-:ntn f . j;cs'ti n* j
guaranty -<i t> -• ".-;Tt ir*»J
. san rn.\N" <\u25a0;•-•*«• rrifOTnicTAn.
Hot.: H.iv:;-. 'iVi r-i"t *t .
Han KrairHc-;.
WANTED— rur'.-cir.-* jrb cnmiK*'.V-r*. *•-'! j
week; cyiinrt-r pr^ru-o. f2l per -,v;Mc: j b ;
pressmen, $17 per mcfc: nine-h'.'ur day: c:;>fn '
pertr.an«:r.t r>"f'lff>nß traarant >ll < a 'i to j
eompetrrt mm. THE STANLEY-TAYLOR
CO., .*»Cr» MlfTlnn 5t.. Fan Frnnclsco.
WANTED— Errand beys: 14 year* and over; i
. ennif thlr morning. accompanlM by parents !
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Kearny and Sut- j
ter mirn. ' '.
A BRIGHT young man as bill rierk In whole-
raU rrocery buslnws: qualifications, pood
penmsnship snd accuracy et figure*: ctut;
age; wages expected; refs. N. L.. 5591. Call."
.EHOE salesmen wanted. Apply superlntend-
ent's office. The Emporium.
.' EXPERIENCED dishwasher wanted. Call Bo-
hemian Club.- corner Post st. and Grant aye.
S COOKS, 2 waiters; young man to help In
reatauraat. 31S Jams* Flood buUdlnsr 1
HELP WAA'TED— MALE — Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay et.
Phone Main 5848.
OFFICE HOURS, 7 A. M. TO 10 P. M.
This new system gives employers a chance
to phone us until 10 p. m.
Likewise
All can call after their day's work.
Our Own Printing
Plant Issues our free list of positions four
times daily— 7 a. m., 10 a. m., .
1 p. m., 4 p. m.
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION.
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO.
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY. tSW-C'lU Clay St.,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Phone Main 5848.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave in 19M 1005 we hope to
64.000 men work* Increase 04,00t».
We do not supply female help, but we do
eupply-mt-n ar.d wives for all classes of work.
WE SPEAK THE
German. French. Italian. Portuguese, Span-
ish, Slavonian. Scandinavian and Greek
languages.
FREE FARE
TO-PAY.
FREE FAKE.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA STATE.
$75 MONTH. $75 MONTH.
155 laborers Heady jobs.
153 teamwerH, steady Jobs.
CHEAP FARE. FEE $1.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A^ FREE FARE.
NEVADA STATE.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. FREE FARE.
Teamsters. $2 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
A— TO 84 DIFFERENT
WOODS.
SAWMILLS. YARDS,
BOX FACTORIES. PLANING MILLS. ETC.
NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
SCS laborers for various positions, no experi-
ence wanted. $35, $40. $45 and found.
10 line pullers. IS swampers.
9 sawyers. 2 shingle jointers.
3 leeway men. 16 axmen.
9 edermen. 5 cutoff sawyers.
3 saiJi and door bench hands. Tenoner hand.
4 mill bench hands. 3 carriage trimmers.
IS men to peel tanbark. 4 graders.
12 crosscutters. . 3 tall edgermen.
IB" lumber piiers. Band sawyer, city.
, 2 carriage setters. The wages for above
men run from $55. $40. $53. $00. $70. $SO.
$»0, $100. $11K> per month and found; located
in all parts of California. Oregon. Arizona.
Come see
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
A— MARRIED.
Teamster and wl:e. cook 3 men, coal yard,
$45 and found.
1 farmers and wives, $40 and $50 and found.
3 milkers and wives, $."o and $60 and found.
1 Man and wife, man as choreman, wife cook
2 people. $40 and found.
MfRRAY & READY. C 34-636 Clay at.
55 LABORERS. YOU'LL SUIT, about a steam
shovel, special R. R. tare. $75 month.
:C>s men lor r.ew railroad company work,
$2. $2 25, $2 50 day.
_t> laborers to help unload cars free fare, $60.
" MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
A— LABORERS.
TEAMSTERS.
864 men for 63 different places, Eome In
San Francisco, others all over California, at
mines, grading streets, quarries, building
dams, excavating, pulling down old buildings,
helping build new ones. In factories. foun»
dries, yards, manufacturing " plants, ware-
houses, etc.. $2 50 and $2 day.
Teamsters to haul, grade, etc., $2 50, $2 25
and $2 day
121 Italian laborers in San Francisco, $2 25
a. day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— FREE FARE TO
RAILROAD AND TUNNEL WORK.
27 Different Places.
553 men for different jobs; graders, spiker*.
drillers, hammermen, ballasters. pock and
ehovel laborers, section extra gangs, powder
men. scraper teamsters, muckers, etc.. $3 50
$3, J2 75. $2 50 and $2 day. Come see
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A^ HARVEST AND HAY FIELDS.
10 men for harvest fields, sack sewers, team-
stere. haul grain, men on harvesters hay
balers, etc.. $3 50, $3. $2 $1 50 day and fd.
36 haj-makers. $1 25 $1 50. $1 75 day found.
ORCHARDS AND VINEYARBS
AND HOME FARMS. STEADY JOBS.
39 teamsters, 1 and 2 horses different places,
$30 and $35 and found.
4 plow teamsters, steady jobs. $32 50 found.
6 teamsters, stock ranches.' steady. $1 SO
day and found.
DAIRYMEN.
46 milkers. $40, $.15. $30 and found.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
18 chore men and boys for ranches. $30. $25,
$20. $15 and found.
4 chorcmen. private country residence, $20
$25 and found
STABLEMEN 1 .
. 6 hostlers, buggy washers, harries* cleaners
and floormen. $70. $60. $50 and $35 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-<3fi Clay st.
MECHANICAL. "
BLACKSMITHS.
36 blacksmiths, horeeshoers, floormen. wagon
and carriage men, machine blacksmiths, etc.,
located all ox-er California, including many
In San Francisco, some In mines, camps,
custom shops, stage lines, ranches and saw-
mills, foundries, tunnels, etc; wages $4,
$3 75. tX 50. ta. $2 50 day; also 12 helpers;
$2, $2 25. ;2 50 day. Call and ask about
them.
\ PAINTERS. ETC.
3 carriage painters, $3 50 day.
3 brass molders. 9 hours, $3 day.
5 buffers and polishers. .
6 currier*, country tannery, $2 25 day. •
Brfck kiln 6etter, $2 50 day. Mortar mixer.
9 coopers, 10c barrel.
Brick kiln setter, $2 50 day.
Ho-jm structural worker, extra good Job.
12 iron molderE. different places, $3 day
BRICKLAYERS, CORNICE MAKERS.
18 bricklayers, free fare, $5 to $6 day.
12 cornice makers and tinners, free fare, 50c
hour, over time time and a half.
12 asphaltum rakers, city, $75 up to $4 day.
Brick *etter, Hoffman kiln.
Tank builder, galvanized iron, $3 day.
Paperhanger, $2 25.
Ruler, city printing office.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
MINES GOLD — SILVER" MINES
MINES COPPER. COAL.
2 ehaft miners, £old mine, fare $4, $00. -
2 muckers for gold mine. Nevada State, J75..
Tool sharpener, Nevada State G. M., $105.
4 muckers, dry quartz. Lassen County, $75.
5 miners, fare 60c, $75. .
Laborer, run cars at mine, $1 40 day and fd.
4 Italian miners, bess' here; also a cook.
5 gravel miners, boss here, northeast. $75.
12 laborers, build roads, northeast, $45 found.
15 - machine minors, fare $2 90, $4, $5, $00 to
$105.
19 single and double hand, fare $4, $90, $75.
12 soft rock miners, fare $3, $67 50.
Mf RRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS AND MILLWRIGHTS.
26 carpenters, long job.' fare 60c,- $3 50 day.
6 finishing' carpenters I fare 50c. $4 day.
12 carpenters, different city Jobs. $2 50,
$3 CO, $4 day.
25 - bridge carpenters, lumber company, fare
$2. 575 and found.
12 car builders, lumber company, fare $1 60
$75 and found.
9 rough carpenters, ' fare 90c, $2 50 day up.
Carpenter, finishing work, fare $1, $3 50
day up.
MILLWRIGHTS.
14 millwrights, lumber co.. $3 day found. I
Carpenter for mine. $3 25 day.
Foreman carpenter, tank erecting $4 day.
Bench hand, work from detail. $3 50 day.
26 laborers, to help carpenters. $60 month.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay at.
A^ HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ' ', ~
THIS IS THE WEEK
W< will send to the springs end resorts.
LOOK.
14 cook* for city and country Jobs $40 $50.
$CO. ?75. ' \u25a0 ' . 1
fi t<eoond and th!rd cooks and broilers. $15
w«*ek and $35 and found.
12 waiter*. $25. MO. $33. $40 and found.-
4 waiter boys little experience, $20 found.
BELL AND ELEVATOR BOYS.
• HEDMAKERS AND WINDOW CLEANERS.
5 porter* city and country hotels, $25 and
$20 and found.
1« df»h washers and potwashers. $30, $25 and
$20 snd found.
LAUNDRYMEN.
" Lanndryman. email, easy job. $25 to $30 fd.
ftarrh^r nnd Ironer. fare, $2 day and found.
12 different ißundrymen, $2, $2 50 day.
\u2666 waiter". $32 60.
Ttrendmaker. fare paid, south. $14 a week fd.
Ti^er. Colußa County. $8 week and found.
• r:OKS. COOKS. COOKS.
<~<vV, men. orchard. 'are-$l 50. $30 found.
Cro-k. irrnll boarding-house, . fare $2, refer-
f+ro»n, Jicrt found.
r<v.U. mail, easy city Job, to start $40 fd.
Code, nice email hotel, fare $3, $50 found.
LOOK.
Cook for railroad camp. t<K) found. - \u25a0"'- \u25a0 \u25a0. .A' c
TOGETHER.
<"v>rk *65. waiter *25 found, fare 20c, hotel
lob. - " . -
pfyinii onok, Government position, $30 fd.
WnJter. Government position. J25 found.
Cook, plain hoardlng-hous*. fare-sl. $50 fd.
rvy»k,'h«y pre M.-5 m?n. ,50c fare. $30 fd.
Feona cook, camp, far« $1 40. $50 fd. .
TMeliwaFher. run a machine, city. $30 fd.
Lunch man who can tpnd bar. $10 50 week.
Walter b«y or man. dredger, fare 50c, 9 men
*20-**vn<l.
Walter, $35. city hotel.
Ffcnsd baker, $16 week, city, bread and
cakss. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0' .
Awlrtant baker. $25 M.; city restaiimnt
Fee $1.
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1905.
"W^TB "EJ^TEr" \u25a0\u25a0 tow* \u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0• ':'C* > O :;; Xi^"__r i ' :
Jr JlXiErj-_> Small Ad Patrons Jt 1 ivllrllr
"•'' l'^ffv JPJ '""" \u25a0 > *' " '"/ '"' '\u25a0" '\u25a0'\u25a0 ""\u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0'\u25a0 U * '**" '"*\u25a0' '* "*\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0'" '\u25a0'\u25a0i v "\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0 ""\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-- " -*\u25a0\u25a0* ' \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0•' ' \u25a0 .'.v X \u25a0 \u25a0\u0084\u25a0,. \u25a0\u25a0„\u25a0 . \u25a0\u0084 .„\u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.-.\u25a0„ :\u25a0\u25a0„\u25a0„ ,\u25a0; ..\u25a0\u25a0 . ,-.\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0„\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0, „\u25a0' . \u25a0„ \u0084\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0.\u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0,\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0" \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 *• \u25a0' \u25a0 v \u25a0
THIS TIMELY OFFERING IS 8 INCHES IN DIAMETER—
OF THE SAME FINE APPEARANCE AND QUALITY AS
OUR PREVIOUS GLASSWARE PREMIUMS. AT THIS
SEASON SUCH A GIFT IS OF* MUCH VALUE
AND ITS DAINTY DESIGN WILL GREATLY ADD TO
ANTV TAT3T T7 r^T7r"P»T? A TTHM • '
/TIN I 1 rVJ->l-i-. LJE*\*\Ji\x\ X IV/IN. «. ;«\u2666.: •» «• \u2666. »«
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad
Thursday, Friday or Saturday
EB-2BS- SUNDAY CALL
> : ' ; -, :-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 "\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 y ' -\u25a0 -. "' : \u25a0'"' \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0-. ' •\u25a0-. \u0084\u25a0-.,:.. . \u25a0-- \u25a0 :-.;••\u25a0• \u25a0 ' '\u25a0 .-
.\u25a0 . • ,- ~ : ~ ~~ ;. \u25a0 . ~~ ' ' ' ! , ;
No Ads for Sunday Call Received Later Than 9 O'Clock Saturday Night.
I CALL BUSINESS OFFICE I OAKLAND OFFICE I
Third and Market Sts. 1016 Broadway
HELP WANTED — MALE— Continued.
2 cooks, surveying outfit, 8 men, $40 found.
Cook for a camp. 15c fare, $40 and found...
2 camp waiters, fare 25c,: $25 and found.
Watchman foreman, city institution, $25 fd.
Cook, Government Institution, $00.
LAUNDRY.
2 fancy starclTironera, boss here, $2 day.
3 starch lroners, $9 to $12 week.
Polisher and marcher, fare $1 50, $2 50 day.
4 starch ironers, fare $2, $00.
MURRAY & READY. .\u25a0 634-636 Pay st.
5 HAY BALERS. 15c TON AND FOUND.
6 handy men, city etore, $12 week. - •
Choreman. ' care of • chickens,' $30 found.
Boy to work on lathe and picket - machine,
$20 and found. . "-
Shingle jointers, Sonoma County, $40 found.
Butcher, young man, 50c < fare. • $30 found. .
Butcher, fare $3, $40 and found. .
OX TEAMSTER. ./
Oxen or bull . teamster. $70 found. \u25a0 .
4 harness cleaners. 3 buggy washers, $60.
Cook and wife, small hotel fare $3. $60 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
~" FREE FARE— S. P. R. : R. .
25 extra gang \u25a0 laborers. .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.. .
EXTRA SPECIALS . 7 .: -
Clerk, do typewriting and little stenograph-
ing, one recently from college will do. Gov-
ernment position. $25 and found. • - '\u25a0-\u25a0.-
Night nurse, 10c fare, $25 and found.
Porter, 80c fare, $25 and found; • •
Elevator man city building, middle-aged,
$25. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' " '- - "- \u25a0 -•- ' i .
Porter, city \u25a0 restaurant, $30 and found.
Camp cook, 12 people, fare 60c. : $40. found.
Nlpht cook, city restaurant, $50. '.
Cook, mine- hotel,' northeast. : sso and found.
Janitor for Institution.- man about 40 years,
$22 50 -and found. - .\u25a0. \u25a0 : •; r'v
Shipping clerk and delivery, driver, , city. $10
to $12 week. . 1
Helper in city garden and paint. Institution,
$25 and found. : . . ' '.
Boy feed press, city printing office, $5 week.
V CARPENTETRS. ETC. . •
2 carpenters,, good finl?hers, boss here, fare
20c $3 day and found." ~ \u25a0 -•? - \u25a0 v
Shingle packer. Monterey Co.. 7c M, or $50
and found. . -. \u25a0 r \u25a0 : • / .. i : -
3 crosscut sawyers.- split, etc., $40- to $50 fd. |
Shingle sawyer, Monterey 'Co., $65 found.
LOOK.,
Cliioper • for : country- foundry,- $2 25 day '£.'
LOOK. \u25a0
Baker." all-round num. ; care of shop, country.
LOOK. . \u25a0 ;
2 hay balers, ' 20c ton, 1 10 c fare. \u25a0
Header wagon driver 'and loader.-: 50c fare,
$1 50 and- *2 day. fd. : \u25a0 .
. LOOK— FREE FARE. ' '
6 laborers, free fare, brick yard. $2 to $2 25
a day. \u25a0 '\u25a0/ "'" ' ' - \u25a0 • \u25a0' '. \u25a0
16 laborers, no blankets wanted,- free: fare,.
* 60 ' . EXTP.A GOOD. !\u25a0 : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 :•'-.--\u25a0\u25a0 -
Tool sharpener, mine, -Nevada State, $105.
2 muckers, same mine, \u25a0 Nevada State - $75.
NEW* WORK. < .-.--:• *
155 teamsters, \u25a0 new \u25a0 York.- Colusa Co.. $C 7 60
.BARTENDER. :
Third -bartender.? city job.i, special, $50'fd.
GARDENERS— BOSS < HERE. '.;.- ,
Gardener.- springs, hotel. . boss here/ $40ifd.
Gardenor*B •\u25a0 helper. :\u25a0 springs ';: hotel, boss • here,
$25 and found.' : -" ' . ' \u25a0
*- , • ,; MARRIED.' - -. .
'- Cook !> and ."; dlshwafher. \u25a0 ;. 25 ", boarders,' ' B. H. ,
north., $65 and: found. \u25a0-,' -i- ' -; ; : . t ;
Farmer and wife,:- ranch. 50c \u25a0 fnre. $45 ? fd.
MURRAY & READY, v634-Oso, Clay st.
" - - -.-\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0...— :. - > ••\u25a0 - - - ' --- >,--.. i \u25a0. ;.- .
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; \ $80
to $150 per month salary paid our graduates;
' our six schools Indorsed by all railroads; day
-'. and evening session; -apply for catalogue.'
Morse. School of Telegraphy. 26 O'Farrell st:
HELPER on cakes. ; 413 Third st
EXPERIENCED bedmaker; $0 per week, j 1043
' Market. st. •.-.-.'• ...-:•- ; . . : \u25a0 .-- ;
WANTED— Blacksmith helper. , A. T. BE-
CRAFT. Twenty-third and Bartlett sts. . :
WAITER wanted. .; 135: Powell st. Call 10 a. 1
' tn. ; wages $30. :
ACTIVE, educated men or women to selr the
New International Encyclopaedia- In Cali-
- fornla; people -'are 'lnterested and those. who
. understand the- business, or: are : willing .to
learn,- can make big money. Call oraddress
Dodd, Mead & : Co.. 561 Parrott bldg., B.VF.
WANTED— Men and : women Ito - prepare for
postofflce, Internal revenue, bookkeeper, de-
: partment \u25a0 clerk! and- other. Government posi-
tions; • particulars, free; open day and eve.
Pacific : Correspondence Institute,. 1095, Market
WANTED— Persons of some clerical ability to
prepare for position as cashier's clerk of the
; U. S. Mint, San Francisco; salary $1800.
Apply at once. . Pacific Correspondence Instl-
tute.- 1095 Market st. ,:' : .. \u25a0 :
WANTED — Baker foreman on bread ; must be
i man of i experience and i able to take . charge ;
wages $25 per , week ; country. Address ' box
5859.. Ca1l office.;--: '- \u25a0 - ~ . ;: .:
TAILORS wanted to learn cutting: most mod-
. em system taught by practical cutters •of 23
years' experience:* KOSS &• STIEGELER/
School Practical Cutting, r.; 59. 916 Market.
WANTED— Men to: learn barber trade; 8 weeks
: complete: position guaranteed;- tuition. earned
while learning. , Call or; write MOLER : COL-
LEGE, 644 Clay St.. near Kearny. :>.^', \u25a0 ,-. ,
WANTED— Laborers and ! mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkln. 1 Reno • House proprietor. . has
' added > 100 new rooms'.to" the Denver. House;
'< 217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 5Cc per night.
ABSOLUTELY I the , best 'magazine ever : put f In
'; : ". the - field " for canvassers and i agents. • :\u25a0: ; 801 '
1 Scott & Van Arsdale bldg. 1 ; ,738 Mission at. %j$
MEN to learn barber trade: j 8 weeks completes;
tuition earned, while -learning. Call or write
; GILLMAN'S COLLEGE," 627 Clay at. ', V ' \u25a0 ::
WANTED — Men to fill 'i 300. rooms at, 20c per
L night; clothes close U.i hair mattresses, elec-
\u25a0- .trie 'light In every room. < 681 Howard. nr.'Cd.*!
TRY our men's 6hoes,.unlon made,, $lan_ $i &o
'- pair; : foot-form ; shoes, : $2 50; "we -pay.' express
.charges, ill 3d St.. Exam.' bldg.; open till 0 pm.-
WANTED— Of flee boy ' about -16 years Old.
. : : i Box. 4000.V Call.'--, -Vy" ':\u25a0-,:\u25a0,. ' -\u25a0\u25a0 ' .-\u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0':\u25a0:; . \u25a0'. . : '...'•\u25a0\u25a0
SMART '\u25a0-\u25a0 boy , about ; ? ,ls : .V office* work;^ good
:. i chance j for v advancement. .:\u25a0 Box CSI3. ; Call.; \u25a0 r
MEN I to Igo :on ships ;to >' Australian -"and other
\u0084; ports.-j' At > HERMAN'S,'; 27 - Steuart? st.' -: : y \u25a0\u25a0> .
AN ' enjoyable •: profitable ; outing; :, pick .'hops : In
-.\u25a0/Aiigu-t.r"< Particulars later. '. v : i ;
WANTED^-MenrtiS learnt barberi trade ,1 tree.:
h* Ban ' Francisco ; Barber College,-, 741A^ Howard. :
PENSION, atty./: E."A» Bullls. 1 r." 40, Phelani bld.^
, ; Past Com.* Geo. H.? Thomas • Post,' Q. s a.t R. a ?
HELP WANTED— MALE- Continued.
WANTED— A first-class male stenographer and
' | secretary: for • commercial position; will -pay
\u25a0 good salary.^-. Reply, stating age experience.
: .references and salary expected. . and specl-
\u25a0 wens iof handwriting and . typewriting, box
CJO4. Call office. , .
LABOR : debts • collected: . suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co. . 49 2d at., r. 622.
SAILORS and young:" men (green • hands) \u25a0 for
rh'ps. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
GET your shoes balf-soled while waiting; 23:
to 00c. 11 Third st.. Examiner building. |
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third «t. near Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms: 35c night; | reading | rooms;
free bus and baggage -to and 'from ferry. •
A BRANCH office o f The Call for the reception
' of advertisements and : subscriptions has been
. opened at . 1008 Market, st; . opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. a. • . \u25a0*\u25a0. * . ,
SOIiICITOHS .WANTED.
CAPABLE.' energetic, ; rustling: solicitors." gen-
; teel appearance. R 110, Phelan' building.
- v HORSES AND^JWAC^ONS^
'ON i account iof retiring . from I business i I will
offer my stable and contents.- In- first-class
.' order;-15 horses, 2 saddle, ponies, well brok*
- and trained.- •\u25a0•\u25a0 BE. cor. .Washington & Maple.
AT a bargain — 15 -laundry and 'bakery. wagons
j- /for.: sale; - fine | rubber-tire runabout ; 5 traps;
•. :-'. hand-made wagons «nd buggies . of all kinds
I at KLEIBER'S. ; 1503-5 Folsom st.
I Francisco Veterinary College : next session
\u25a0 :,wlll begin July 17; catalogue free.' DR. E. J.-
| . CREEL Y,' president' 810 Golden Gate aye. . ; !
A — MUST.be sold; 2 good young driving horses;
one team •of bay horses, 1250 lbs.' 411 'Sixth.
FOR sale— Nice > ladies' \u25a0 driving • horse; surrey
-..'and harness. >;. Apply 175. T«nth sti \u25a0- .:
STYLISH | pony ; - new \u25a0 oak 1 cart j and - harness-
- 1400 Guerrero st. - ,-"..-_- :
'AUCTION eale; of - horses, \ wagons and | harness
•\u25a0"-. every. Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st. ;\u25a0.
. FOR s sale— One 5 3- ton r wagon, - one 4," : one .? 3-
,\.: platform s wagon.-, 233 "Beale -«t. .;:, r •" '\u25a0\u25a0
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and .
\u25a0 \u25a0>-.. gocart for eale, -cheap.,; s32 Mission st. '.
NEW and second-hand wagons sold cheap. •' 16S0
-. .'Mission ; st.,' near ,Thlrteenth. \u25a0 ' : ,
CHEAPEST, and best In f America— The Weekly
\u25a0 "\u25a0-\u25a0 Call,- 16 * pages, 1 " sent : to ; any .address. In \u25a0 the'
States or Canada one year for $1. : :w:: w :
'; :"-'V. -\ houses r->toilet..-;;;r -> toilet.. -; ;; ; ;..;:\u25a0:/'.'
A' PRINTED^ Iist of houses to let; : send for cir-
/\u25a0\u25a0cular.G.-.H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
NIN ETEEN, TH, :. 3215- : -Hou.e 1 5 > rooms. - bath.
; .basement? and yard. \u25a0; Inquire upstairs on;
> > corner.'- :-'.\u25a0.'. : ''.*- ."•\u25a0•,'\u25a0•\u25a0..• •.--'\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0•'• '\u25a0V' ' ; "'"'• ': \u25a0-:-.\u25a0 ' - ".
TWO > houses » on i Broadway^ near ; Gough \u25a0 st. ; •
\u25a0"\u25a0" \u25a0- 1767 ' of 'lO'rooms.' $55; 1769 . 0f : 8 rooms, $45;
„- choice Mocat lon and marine view. '\u00847 L . . .
v- -- HOUSES TO * LET— FURNISHED." v \u25a0: ;
$30— 7 i SUNNY.' rooms - ahd i bath ; \ nice : garden ; '
, ao:tO;5 i p.m.>;ilBS:Noe. B t..near.2stb
- HOUSES ; FTHJTISHED — FOR SALE.
HANDSOMELY" furnished, 10-room house;
downtown corner; ' bargain if sold at once;
no agents. Box 5832. Call.
FURNISHED house; 9 rooms; rent $35; cheap;
1 to i 1311 Larkln st."
SUBURBAN FURJf ISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms and bath; piano.
Apply J. B. HARRIS. Mill Valley.
INVESTMENTS. \u25a0.'. . .
Why not Invest In the '.Tonopah Berkeley
and Colonial Gold Mining; Companies, while
the price is low? :
I The \u25a0 value of the., ore coming from these
mines is astonishing. -Call and see samples
of ore; or write for. circulars, maps, etc^
J. W. JAQUITH * CO..
•C Suite 874-576-S7B James Flood bid*.
. Telephone John 2421. ; . . '.
San Francisco, Cal.
A— *% TO C% ON DEPOSIT CERTIFICATES.
, \u25a0 Withdrawal at Pleasure. .
SAN -FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
. HOME BUILDING SOCIETY. \u25a0
6th Floor, 70S Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
Guarantee Capital $600,000. AH subscribed.
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS:
: Hon. Jas. G. Magulre.~.Ex-U. S. Congressman
Hon E. K. Tay10r.". ......Ex-State Senator
Chas. A. Murdock. .Pres. C A. Murdock & Co
\u25a0 J. M Duke ..Assoc Chas. Webb Howard
. Allen M. Clay Secy." Bank of California
Joseph A. Leonard...... ..General Manager
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
'-.> Eanies tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.: tel.PaVk 775.
v LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— In Palace Hotel. \u25a0 fifth floor, a- fancy
vest containing watch, stickpin and railroad
ticket; valuable only to owner; $20 rewartf
" and no questions asked If returned to room
203. . Examiner building. "_
LOST — July 4. a pair gold eyeglasses with fine
gold chain attached, between 6th and 6U» on
Market st. Return 472 Je>asle st..; reward.
LOST — Monday night, brown collie ! and white
wlre-halr terrier dogs; return and receive re-
- ward. Baths. : Harbor View Park.
LOST— GoId locket: monogram E. O. H.; Jew-
eled fly : suitable reward. Return to 2167
Hayes st. . --\u25a0 - -'--
LOST— On Tiburon boat, diamond and pearl
. setting pendant; reward. 2011 A California.
LOST — July 5. lady's gold hunttng case watch;
name "Maude." 1323 Masonlo aye.: reward.
FOUND— Fox terrier, female, white, two
black spots, collar. 349 Liberty st.
. LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
. C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
.at., for. pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
.MEDICAL.
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
' any ailment peculiar Ito their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White.
: who has devoted a lifetime to helping worn-
: en; 17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief
\u25a0 or no pay; one visit at oftice is necessary;
don't waste time by writing.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market »t., rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— LadIes, all who are
sick or in trouble consult this specialist on
female complaints; positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult cases
treated; every case taken; immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
, will cure all cases of Irregularity; consult me
save time and money;- advice free. Office,
1018 Market at.; hours. 9 a. m. till 9 P. m.
MR3. DR W'YETH. specialist for all female
complaints aud Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Po3t st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male, troubles and irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5. Suoday
10 to 2. IOOS^a Market St., opposite Fifth.
A DR. WEST can be found at his old address.
office and residence. 511 A- Leavenworth st.
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 697.
A— MR 3. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth rt.
- bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 6S7>
WOMEN'S diseases and irregularities cured in
24 hours; 19 years' experience without a fatl-
ure; no trifling: strictly private; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office. 1206 Market.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar aUentlonpald_todiseasesofwomen^^^^
DRS GOODWIN'S herb treatment; reliable
safe, prompt, for female Irregularities; relief
or no fee; |1O; hra. 9-8. 850 Mkt. st; suite 3>3 >
PHYSICIAN FOR WOMEN. DR. R. H, WES-
TON. 305 KEARNY ST. -
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market
DR. ROSEN, residence 2905 Folsom st. corner
, Twenty-sixth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH &WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont 'at
FOR' sale — New and second-band billiard and,*
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of. buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 625 Mission St.. 8. F.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc. bought,, sold,
rented and exchanged; see - Sunday- papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-133 Beale st
LARGEST stock in city; second-hand belting,
also planing mill machinery, engines, boilers
• and electrical machinery. JOHNSON &
. HORAN. eo3 Third st
ALL kinds of second-hand ' machinery, boilers,
engines, shafting and pulleys bought sad
sold. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 905 Market st;
. phone .South 87. ' .
FOR sale — the ccmplete fixtures for a saloon:
everything in good shape; cost $U0O; will
sacrifice :If t sold at once. . E. HESEN, 1177
Howard st \u25a0 \u25a0'
DOUBLE dissolving stereoptlcon outfit for aa'.e;
< complete with calcium light apparatus, . gaa
S tank screen and ; slides; price $100; cost
$400. - Apply 1427 Larkln st.
A— BUYS, sells and rents gear - machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 336 Main st
TRY our men's . shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form - shoes at $2 80; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
BIRDS — Pets boarded; dogs bathed, groomed;
kind treatment: remedies; yard. 340 Me-
. Alllster st. -
A— GENT'S full dress suits to rent J.
.COOPER/ 21 Stockton st; second floor.'
A 12x12 and 12x16 PORTABLE camping cot-
tage. Al condition. $50-s6ft Box 5863. Call.
ARMY shoes. $155; U. S. navy flannel shirts.
$120; open eve.' U.S. Mech. Store. 574 4th.
LAUNCH. 28 feet 6-foot . beam. • 10-horsepower
engine. Ing. at Adams-b arber shop. \u25a0 Tiburon.
CANVAS and tents rented or sold for Fourth
of , July. Ross-McMahon Co.. 35 Market gt.
TWO merry-go-rounds; one miniature rall-
way. BACIGALUPI. 805 Kearny at.
• HIGH grade 2d-hand office safe and ' wagon
scale. PARCELL3 SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES— New and eecond-hand. THE HER-
. | MANN' SAFE CO.; 417-27 Sacramento st
SAFES and cash registers : new and : second-
» hand. -. I."- FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-H AN D bldg. material ; lumber, door, sash.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental :
, bargains. BULLARD A- BRECK. 131 Post st
' MISCELLANEOUS -WANTS. ,] /."
PHONOGRAPHS and talking machines of all
1 descriptions \u25a0 repaired; expert - workmanship.
LYSTER. 326 Eddy st. . ' \u25a0-. \u25a0 \u25a0
.VIOLIN suitable for a: lady; small model; good
*.. tone; at moderate price. .Address R. C, box
*- 7402.- Cal> office. ,; \u25a0-\u25a0 :.-». ', ."--.'\u25a0--
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
r'off clothing. TeL< Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
WILL pay highest * prices : for all kinds good
castoff clothing..- 922 Folsom; tel. Jessie 446.
BUILDINGS and building material bought The
Dolan Cc. 1607 Market St.; phone Jessie 2921.
DIAMONDS,', etc.. ; bought for cash. Karl Eber
& CO.;- 400-401 Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEST renting stock in the city ; good uprights
y. at $2 per mo.; some at $2 50; our own make.'
•\u25a0 $3* one ' year's 5 rental ; allowed I off I purchase
I price. \u25a0:-; SCOTT-CURTAZ.- 560 Hayes st. ;" ~ r -
LEFT on sale ; Fischer piano ; $97.. * 584 Valen-
\u25a0•/cla'it'^r.'--'^"' "* : ' :V- -".'\u25a0.' '\u25a0\u25a0 "- " \u25a0. \u25a0
ALMOST given away; unreaeemed storage pl-
\u25a0l- : anos. » furn.'^ Whltehead'a storage.- 1636 , Mkt.
ELKGANT uprights.' new & 2d-hand,s4s to $500.
_r Pierces, Piano 'Factory. Market and 14th sti.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos.* Cecil ian piano
nlaver. BYRON- MAUZY. 30S-312 Post St.
jTUSICAI.^ IXSTR if.Wfc.'l *TS-— Coatlimed.
A LARGE stock of standard pianos: all nor*
cr less used : prices $65 up. BtrXJAJHXH
CURTAZ & SON. 1U O-FarreU.st.; Coicxer-
• ing agency.
New', upright pianos sold oa $5 monthly pay-
menta. SCHMITZ A CO.. 18 McAllister »t. . \u25a0
&-PEDAX. Stein way op; Chiekeriax baby grand.
. ShonlagfT Uttl« card. Kceffe's. 283 (yrarrell.
MOXEY TO'LOAA.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COHPAXT (lac)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
: ....INTEREST BVi AND « PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRT
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, est-
\u25a0 tates la probate, undivided Interests la prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds.
legacies and undivided Interests In property
purchased.
.......MANHATTAN LOAN COMPAJfT
Suite 107-108 Crocker bids.; phone iUla 9324.
— , _____ .
R. McCOLGAN.
Rooms 301 and 302 Hearst building.
Third floor, Examiner entrance.
Deal directly with lender and say« expense.
Loans any amount at 5S and • per cent
On first, second and third mortgages,
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE.
Undivided interests In estate and property.
Money ' advanced to prevent foreclosure.
NO DELAY.
Phone Main BSlg. *>v
: !____-_:
AA— MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture, pianos, j warehouse receipts or
' security of any kind, without removal: w«
make loans on the EASIEST PLAN in the
WORLD; payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE; In case of SICKNESS or loss of
EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND THE LOAN;
- you take no chance of LOSING your GOODS.
This is a TRUST COMPANY: our rates ar«
" RIGHT and no DESERVING PERSON" Is re-
fused; CASH ADVANCES made to salaried
people. LINCOLN FINANCE CO.. rooms 13- •
16. 75t> Market St.. opp. Phelan building.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
- 601-CO2-603 Examiner bulldln g.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly. . -
Estate, second mortgages, undivided later-
eats, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
. terests in property purchased. . -
• Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. '-"V.
WILL LOAN"
A reasonable amount, oa
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate*
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full canicular*
of property.
Location, etc.
• Box 2-3. Call office. -•:_- \u25a0-'\u25a0
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at t
-per- cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
'978 Market st.. tel. Main 1644, Branch. 1132
Market at. and 27 Third st.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without security
or Indorsement. . knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid?.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity: also on real estate:
Ist or 2nd mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W.. BECKER. 30 Geary, room 36.
MONEY, loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 40
principal cltlea. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano'
without removal or other security; lowest-
rates; no commission; confidential. 500-7
Donohue bldg.. S Taylor st.. corner Market.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— It you look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bid.. SC9 Market, cor. 4th. suite 1; eat. ISttS.
ALVA CO. ("Hie) loans mosey to salaried pcopl*
without security; good terms and easy pay-
ments; also on other security. 507 Flood bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; gold,
silver diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
LOAN 3 on diamonds, watches and Jewelry;
private offices. 400-401 Adams building, 20ft
Kearny st. Globe Mercantile and Loan Co.
SALARIED people without security; also on
furn., estates In probate, life Ins. policies, etc
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 6X2 Parrott bldz.
MONEY, Money;- Money.
Any proposition, 49 2d at.. Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage Earners* Invt. & Loan Co.
A — ONE per cent per' month on valuables.
' PORTLAND JEWELRT CO.. 23 Stockton st,
MONEY 'or everybody on any and all kinds
, of propositions. MORGAN. 79 New Montgy.
ANY amount, real restate or other security:
$100 up. W J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
LOANS — Salaried people: * 'confidential* '; 2 per
cent; chattels, etc. 456 Montgomery, r. 518.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bid.
TO salaried people without security. The Whits
Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 13.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent .
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
\u25a0
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indoracr. MORRELL. 60S> Examiner bldg.
MOJTEY W'AXTED.
MOXEY wanted — $2SOO for two years at 7 p»r
cent : per annum, secured by mortgages on
three cottages. Address box 1968 Call office.
Oakland. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
TWO young I'men1 'men holding good positions want
, . loan of $350 for good business opening; will
pay B 'per cent: mortgage, security or . p«y- '
ments as desired. Box 6330. Call. :
OFFICES A>TP STOIIES TO LET,
TO let — An elegant flat over a drug store- 1 la
the Mission; well adapted for a dentist or a.
doctor; rent moderate. Box SSSS,- Call. -. * -
FRONT offices to let— 7s9 Market st,. first
floor, opposite Phelaa buUdlng; modern con-
veniences. \u25a0 . . .
raßSoxAiig. _ _ \u25a0_ nrr nnjn ' ammr
A SPECIAL discount of DO per cent off. , .
My usual reasonable prices for balance of
this month In order to reach th« tourists: I
positively guarantee to restore th« beautiful ,
- contour of the face; remove flabby and un-
sightly double chins by my own original, sd- .
entiflc method; Investigate Immediately; con-
sultation and beauty booklet : free. -
M. ELLA HARRIS.
12* O*ary st.
• Remember, 50 per cent off this month only.
STAR' Hair Remedy restores grmy hair. Im-
proves growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and' Itching scalp, no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: druggists: . hairdresser-; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Rem. Co.. 1333 Polk.
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O" MAY CURB TOTJ
AFTER ALL OTHERS HAVE FAILED.,
CONSULTATION FREE. HOURS: 2TO 8.
SUITES 1 TO 4, 509 KSARNY ST.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, over-
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*.
London Tailor. 721 Market st. __^__
8 BRAND new tailor-made men's 'suits,' cost
$25. for $9 73. 440 Bnsh, nr. California Hatel.
50 ASSORTED souvenir postal cards prepaid
-tic. BACIGALUPI. 786 Mission st
$1 A -WEEK: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS.
1127 Market -t. betw»«n Seventh and Eighth. .
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothlns.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
MASQUERADE costumes.* play books, wlsts:
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO>. 733 Mkt
PROPOSITIONS WAITED.
DO you want to sell your real estate or bust-
; - ness, or exchange your property? If so, list
- It with us> at once: we have a large clientage.
\u25a0'. not only la California, hut In -Eastern cities
v well. Hundreds of ,. Inquiries received
every week for properties and business of all
kinds. We believe In printer's, lnk and ad-
vertise properties listed with us all over the
State and la the Eastern papers as well. Re-
suit. • quick sales and satisfied clients. Any
amount of money to loan on real estate In
San Francisco. Oakland. Alameda or Berke-
ley. W. J. MORGAN & CO..
sj*£j£p. Investment Bankers.
79 New Montgomery st.
Crossley buildln? San Franclaco.
~~ PILES CCREP. '
PILES. FISTULA, etc.— Cared to stay cured;
only humane cure; no knire. danger or hind-
rance to business: 7000 cured: why not you:
no salve proposition: Investigate. -THOMAS
i J.KISNER. M. P.. Columbian bldg... 3. F.
" " \u25a0 PHYSICIANS rAXD SURGEO^S.^ -
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cared by Chinese herbs. 746-3 Clay at.
*\u25a0•\u25a0.'..-;:.-\u25a0;.:'; .PATENTS. _ ' , j
INVENTIONS patented; ' V. S. and foreign;
'.'patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market st
Continued ea Pa_e Fuurte**-
1314
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE. -
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents and Publishers of the
San Francisco Real Estate Circular.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
FINE RESIDENCE LOTS IN PACIFIC
HEIGHTS.
Uroadway corner. throuKh to Vallejo St.;
most imjosinj; corner on Pacific Heights: mag-
nificent view cf Golden- Gate. Presidio. San
I'ranclsfo liay. Marin and Alameda counties;
cannot be chut off; grand elte for large resi-
dt-ncc.
•"-• Magnificent Hroadway lot; large frontage;
one of the finest views from this lot that can
be had from any portion of Pacific Heights;
closo to gate going into Presidio, giving almost
2evc-l ilrive to J'rcsldiff aye. •"..;.
Vallejo St.. north tide; fine marine view; .0
feet by i:>7:ti feet deep; for $14,500.
Hroadway corner; on level to 2 car lines; half
a M*-vara. -' iT .- '
Pacific aye.. not far from Buchanan cv;
30x125.
Only $7COO— An old house on lot in best por-
tion of Broadway; 27:0x112:0.
I'REPIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
1 25.000 — West corner on Washington ft-:
137:0x100; or will sell inside half; a fine ouy
tor investor to hold and subdivide later.
$24.000 — Jackson-st. corner. 00x145 back to
and overlooking Presidio. - ".-' -\u25a0
$15,000 — Washington-frt. corner; nearly <dx
100.
"{lo.ooo— Washington et.. in beet section;
nearly 70x127:8. . , ,
Only fC*>(K> for Jackson-st. corner; close to
car line; fine sized lot.
$6000— Pacific aye.. looking into the Presidio;
first-clans residence locality.
$gOO0 — Pacific-aye. corner, looking Into tne
Presidio; 33x88. , ; . - Mi
$OUOO— 3O-foot front, eurrounded by nne
home*: choice residence locality; looks into the
' Prefidio. . . v^,
$5000— Washington St.. 30-foot front; 6hel-
• tered locality; Rood residence lot.
$5400—27 feet, looking into the Presidio.
$4500— Paclflc-ave. lot, in very select resl-
dence locality; 33x»1.
THOMAS MAGSE & SONS.
Keal Estate Aeents
Publisher ggsSKS^ CSrCUI -
MISSION AND SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
LOTS.
.sls.ooo— Valencia-st. corner. 40x110 and large
souee. We have tenant for new building.
$14.500— Mission Et.; 137:C5r75 and large
"^(XW^Large tract. 200x400. can be sub-
divided into cheap residence lots.
$6500— Potrero aye.: 140x100; fine site for
ccttape& or small apartments.
$4950— Howard st.; lot 33x122:6; street work
<3one* cars passinc-
s46so— Howard st.; lot 31x140; street work
dore: cars passinc- _ r ,
$3*oo— For clx 25-foot lots on Mission st.
$3tioo— Potrero aye.; 60-foot front by 100
•' f-*s3soo^Valenciaf -*$3500^Valencia st.: 32-foot front; good build-
ins lot; 12J feet deeu.
$300o—Koe et.: very large; could be cut up
852500B $2500 for NE. cor.; 25-foot front, with street
work on both streets all done.
*2r.00 for NW. cor. on 22d st., with depth of
lot on N side of street; fine bulldine lot.
$2400— Eighteenth Bt.; in business portion;
$23tk>— Castro-st. corner; 26:cx105; cars pass-
inc- a nne corner: street work all done.
$2200— Mission st.: 100 feet of__frontatre.
S2ooo— Eighteenth-et. lot. 25x«a; Etreet m-
t.imlnized; electric cars passing.
$15OV— Seventeenth-st. corner; 109x100. with
• flr $ e i2Oo\»ch— Potrero aye.; lots 25x100. with
street bituminlzed. ready to build on W 111
give easy terms to parties fJsWn? to build.
$110rt-Pioche and Oxford; 120x100.
$1000—100x175; on Moscow st.; corner.
$ tooo_Tyenty-fourtht 000_Tyenty-fourth s t. ; *>CxllO.
FOR SALE BY GEORGE K. FRINK.
Booms 705-« Union Trust bldg.. 14 Montgom y.
XE. cor. Perry and 3d sts.; 45x15a and Im-
provement?, $CO,OOO. c-.r-
SW. cor. Dtvlsadero and Jackson sts., t>. .t>x
13T:t> and Improvements.
Lot north elde N. Point et.; 50x13. :6; near
Jones; tU5OO.^ £ £ polk;
120x120 to Austin ?t.; $45,000.
For sale on installments:
Lot on E. line Wisconsin st., near 20th. Po-
trero: 7SX1O0: $-'tO.
f SOUTH S. F. PROPERTY.
Lot on 11 aye., near J st. ; 75x100; $000
Lot on N. side 13th aye.. near L et.. S. San
'Sth^ave. S. "near S et.: 25x100; O'Neal &
Haley Tract- $300.
SW ror. P st. and 13th aye.: improved;
75x100: $350 to $500. . ,„
Bayview Park lot. 50x150; 35th aye.; $-50.
Lot SCxloO. SW. cor. 20th aye. and I st.;
$500.
BUY ONE BEFORE
THEY ADVANCE IN PRICE
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$225 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; one grade;
close to echoo! and Misslon-st. electric cars;
bound to double in value.
$400 each on installments of $10 per month;
Bo taxes; fine lots; near Ocean boulevard: beet
residence location south of Golden Gate Park:
these are the cheapest lots in this district;
advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. AVHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. r. S. Phone Main 5704.
$S7"<0 — NEARLY completed; several two-story
swell fiats; close to main entrance to the
park and another locations; no objectionable
light wells or Inside rooms in these flats and
every room Is and will be sunny: every known
latest Improvement: 16 minutes from City
Hall; 5 car lines; one runs all night. Apply
new buildings. Fifth aye., oct. Fulton and
C sts.. from 2:30 to 5 p. m.
CALIFORNIA Housewreckirg Company pays
the highest price for buildings and will wreck
the came In from 10 to 20 days. Yard and
office, northwest corner of Mission and 10th.
NEW 5-room house, just built; small amount
down, balance as rent. 919 Alvarado st. ;
Twenty-second st. cars west to Hoffman aye.
A MODERN city home. 7 rooms; must be sold
to close an estate. FELIX MARCUSE, 118
Montgomery Et., San Francisco.
COTTAGES. 4 and 5 rooms; terms same as
rent. Apply owner lumber yard, GEORGES
• EGAN. Army and Condon sts.
LOT 50x100; in the Mission; must sell. Box
5823. Call office.
FREE — Our booklet on plumbing; write AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
ELEGANT residence; 2 minutes from Ros«
Station: C acres of wooded grounds under
high state of cultivation, lawns, vines, shady
walks, tennis court: house cost $25,000 to
build; land is Eelling for $2000 an acre; the
whole land and Improvements we will sell
for $16,000 net which will bring the house
to $6000 or less than 25 per cent of cost;
more adjoining land can be bought for $2Oon
ar. acre (contains the largest oaks in Marln
County): formerly th« - Alte.n Home.' Can be
seen only by permit from CROKER & CO..
agents. San Anselxno Station, with rig; daily
or Sunday.
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.
WCAUTIFUL MAYBELL TRACT. SANTA
CLARA COUNTY.
Ne*r Palo Alto, on main S. F. and San Joss
road. Don't fall to secure one of those
choice 2 and 4 acre tracts; all planted to
fruit. They are selling fast. Nothing like
them on the peninsula. Electric light and
city water for each tract. Full informa-
tion and catalogues of
CHATFIELD & VINZENT, »
228 Montgomery et., San Francisco.
Or J. J. MORRIS & CO.. Palo Alto. Cal.
BURLING AME REAL ESTATE.
BEYOND <ruestlon Lyon & Hoag*s Burllr.game
Tract is the best ever offered down the pe-
ninsula. The prices are so low; only $450 '
for a lot 50x130; terms $90 cash, balance $10
monthly.
\u25a0 132 LOTS SOLD IN A SHORT TIME.
It lies right at the station. Don't fail to
see a. r> * .
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
AT Mill Valley you will find all the attractions
of the country, with the conveniences of the
city. We have lots a "stone's throw" from
Pthe station, covered, with grand trees; on
«,Taded streets, with sewers and water mains
laid; commanding charming views of Mount
Tamalpals for $450. and some for as low as
fSOO. Terms. H> per cent cash. $10 monthly
Send for booklet.
LYON & HOAG. 11C Montgomery st.
SAN MATEO REAL ESTATE.
FOJEI ea!e — 6-room cottage: lot 50x190- large
cak tree; best part of town; $5000. p. o box
143. San Mateo.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATeT
WATER front: near sh!p"lbullding yard and
011 company wharf: or any tract: few enaps-
terms. A. W. BELL. 417 Parrctt bldg.. S.F.
REAL ESTATE WANTEIiT"
A STRICTLY modern house. Pacific Heights-
12 or 13 rooms ; large lot; marine view; de-
scribe, property fully; cash price. Address
box 19C3. Call office. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
LET us submit your property to our clients,
we have buyers for city real estate ranging
from ?2JiOO to J2"»C,000. Call nt. our offices
or drop us a Jine statins where our repre-
SHP •rutative* can see you. -aaefcmfaamC
8. XV CHOZIER COMPANY..
•30 Crocker bids. Phone Main Kl4.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale.
SOUTH~PaIo Alto: Ideal, large villa lots fac-
ing Stanford University; low price; ? small,
monthly payments;'. see handsome catalogue.
C. M. WOOSTEII CO., IMS Market st.
LUG bargain; big stock ranch; forced sale
price: near steamboat and rail. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. (MS Market st.
SANTA Clara Valley: 10-acre orchard, vine-
yard, poultry homes-, $100 an acre; terms
$14 14 monthly. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
048 Market st. \u25a0
LINDSAY early vranse and vine lands. ?ICO
an acre; 10-acre tracts: Industrial terms;
matchless property. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
C4S Market st,
SACRAMENTO River irrigated lands; 40-acre
tracts: Boggs-Glenn ranches cheap now; easy
terms. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 04S Market st.
A «-ACRE full-bearinc apricot orchard, with
5-room house, bath, unfinished attic; some
shrubbery; b-ft. porch, tank, windmill, large
barn, outhouses; within 20 minutes' walk
of town of Mountain View, toward foothills,
Santa Clara Co.: for sale; price $3000; dirt
cheap. Apply owner. A. L. DEACON, room
724, Mills Mdff.. .San Francisco.
FREE— BEST CATALOGUE OF POULTRY.
FRUIT. ALFALFA. DAIRY AND STOCK
R.WCCHES. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont.
gomery pt.. San Francisco. Cal.
$4Ort— SO ACRES in Shasta County. Address
MRS. H. S. ANDRESEN. ISI6 Atlantic St..
Oakland.
S-ACRE Petaluma chicken ranch: 1200 chick-
ens: terms to suit; no agents. Box 4057. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTrvaiTS
ALAMEDV REAL ESTATE.
WHY pay rent? Buy a new modem 5-room
cottage; Urge lot; terms $200 cash, $30 per
month. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park ft.. Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
• \u2666
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE.
$20.000 — Vacant business corner at a great
bargain in the heart ot the. business center of
Berkeley: 60 feet frontage; a building - with
stores' \u25a0will pay an annual income of 12 per
cent net, and the property will steadily im-
prove in value; It's a snap.
$10.000 — Will buy 50 feet business frontage
in the heart of the business center of Berke-
ley; a building with storerooms on same will
pay a net annual income of 12 per cent.
$25.000 — Will buy the best business corner in
Berkeley; the right Improvement on same will
pay a net annual income of 12 per cent.
$5000 — Will buy 80 feet business frontage:
Ashby station: this property will double In
value In two years.
M. P. XV. ALBEE. Real Estate,
2139 Center St.. Berkeley, Cal.
$I<V»O — GOOD as new modem cottage of 5
large rooms and bath; South Berkeley, near
Grove tt. and Key Route station; email
amount cash, balance less than rent. M. L.
WURTS, 1323 Broadway, Oakland.
I NEED THE Will P ell my place on
Benvenue aye. ; S rooms, bath, reception hall;
all modern: lot 41:0x159:6: If this interests
you. call early to-day $4500. BIRDS ALL &
CRAIG. 2167 Shattuck aye., at Berkeley
station.
FRUITVALE ADVERT ? S ? T3
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$1400 — GOOD cottage; 6 rooms In West Berke-
ley; lot 32x135:2; block from cars; bath,
electric lights: street work dor*»; 12 fruit
treeg; must sell. G. Verbeck. 121 Sutter st.
BRAUTIFUL high-class C-room bungalow;
bargain: new; lawns; garden. Owner, 2603
Peralta aye. i
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL . ESTATE.
A CHOICE variety of suburban homes, lots and
acreage; also Oakland, Berkeley and outsi>~a
properties. CHAPIN & BOOTH, 1263 Broad;
way, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th St.. cor, store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert's'ent--
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL Flats, 531 Turk — Housekeeping apart-
ments; 1, 2 and 3 rooms; furnished or un-
furnished at reasonable rates.
BRYANT. 421 — 1 or 2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping.
CAPP, 217, bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth —
Sunny front alcove suite; clean; newly fur-
nished; sink; gas range; bath; other rooms;
rent reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 537— 3 newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; sun all day; private family;
adultr.
EDDY, 743^ — Elegant furnished sunny suites;
regular kitchens: private, quiet house.
EDDY, 1640, cor. Bourbon— Double parlors;
use of kitchen; ?20.
GEARY. 1044 — Two or three sunny unfur-
nished rooms; bath, phone; references.
HAVES. 854 — A large housekeeping room, with
use of kitchen. $9; gas, bath, phone.
JESSIE. 323 — Large front rooms, furnished;
gas; sink; en suite,- single; $3 50-s'! week.
JONES. 507. corner O'Farrell— Housekeeping
rooms; nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
LARKIN, fcl~*.£ — Nicely furnished sunny corner
room, with gas stove; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 606— Two sunny house-
keeplng .rooms.
MISSION. 1349— Sunny front suite of house-
keeping rooms; yard; $12.
MISSION. 1520— 2 completely furnished rooms
tor housekeeping; also single room.
MISSION, 19C3 — Three or four rooms, partly
.cr completely furnished for housekeeping. \u25a0
NOE, 451t — Upper flat of 2 sunny unfurnished
bay-wli<dow housekeeping rooms: large al-
cove; gas. bath, running water; closets;
newly tinted; $15.
OAK. 117. or 14 Page — Complete hskpg;; gas
range free; hot bath, laundry; $1 25-$3 50 wk.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Fine sunny
housekeeping rooms; suite unfurnished; rent
reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 730— New furnished sunny room;
kitchen complete, $20; electric ' light, hot
water. : \u25a0
TAYLOR, SCO— Large, sunny, front parlor with
kitchen, phone; also single room\
TWENTY-FIFTH. 3344, cor. Capp — 3 house-
keeping rooms, partly furnished: rent $12.
TURK, 265—2 sunny housekeeping rooms, $3 25;
also nice front room, $2; large one, gas, $3.
WALLER, 71 — Newly furnished sunny suites
of rooms In new house; grand view.
WILL sell or rent 8 nicely furnished
rooms, separate flat. 1312*4 Mission, near
Ninth. -
APARTMENT HOUSES.
A— ST. LAWRENCE APARTMENT— New.
modern building; furn. or unfurn. apartments
ot 2. 3, 4 rooms;. private baths; from $15 to
$35. Phone Main 5130. \u25a0 13.15 Mason st. .
TO lease — First-class apartment-house; new
112 rooms: 33 baths: Broadway, adjoining
postofflce. Oakland. Address A. D. WIL-
€ON. 1022 Broadway. Oakland.
A— KENILWORTH, cor. Bush, Powell; 3-room
gunny aprU. ; single rooms : \u25a0 modern ; ;. reas.
THE Roswell. 1300 . Pine — Four and two room
apartments for housekeeping; • reasonable.
THE Frederick. 901 Rtanyan — 1 to 5 rooms.
overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel. Page CIC6.
ROOMS TO LET— Fwra. and Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms;' open all night. ".'•\u25a0
A— THE FREMONT. ~~ "' - -
New management; sunny rooms, single or en
rolte, 18C4 Market Bt.; phone Mint 3451.
A^ THF. PIERRE, 579 O'FARRELL! ,
Beautifully furnished, light, sunny suite;
also single room; excellent care; low rent;,;
AT "The Almonte.". 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth Et.)— Rooms, 25c to 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; • house cpen all. night. -
A— SAHLEIN (The); cor. Bush and Polk;, now
open; new building; rooms; prlv. baths; rea<.
UELMOND House, over -Owl. drug store;: 2 i en-
trances. 112 C \ Market ' and ;21 Turk— Electric
• lights, running water - m every" room; .200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $t 25 to $3 week.-
I!l*KiI, 133*i — Sunny furnished rooms \u25a0 cheap;
gas, bath.ijhone; near Lurllne Baths. ... .-
ELLIS. 45:' — Large room for 2 or 4 youou men;
\u2666wwrrt v dcnired: very reasonable \u25a0- i .;"
THE SAN FRANCISGO. GALL,, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1005.
ROOMS TO- LET— Furn. - and : Unfurn.
FOURTH, 271—100 rooms: all sizes and prices;'
new. modern; hot and cold.water. '. -'. •"y
GI-'ARY. S78 — Sunny \u25a0.. hall -. bedroom; y $2; ,' per
week ; also very t large room. - - <-.s.t . . .-. -.'
GOLDEN GATE I aye.," 523— Large sunny , front .
connecting end single rooms; rent \u25a0, reason-
able; private family.'
GRAND SOUTHERN. 5 Seventh '- and " Mission—
10} rooms, 35c to $1 00 night; Jl 50 to $7 wk.
HOTEL Hamilton. 123 Ellis— New hotel.-juat
opened; class VA";- steel -- building/ strictly
fireproof; European plan; telephone and steam
heat in every room;, rooms without bath, $1
per day; with bath, $1 50 to $3; reduced ratea
by week or month. \u25a0
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN, cor. Ellis and Leav-
wcrth— "!oo rooms; ' modern and, up-to-date;
light, sunny and airy; hair mattresses: free,
'baths; everything "fresh "and .clean;, single
rooms and baths; reasonable rates.:
HOWARD, 715— Rooms, 25c to H per day; $1 50
to $3 per week: reading-room, etc.
HOWARD. 829— ROOMS, ROOMS; CLEAN.
CLEAN; TRANSIENT; REASONABLE.
HOWARD, 1120, The Burton—Fine new house.,
SO rooms; all newly furnished - with 'every
. convenience;, location central; rooms: $1 23
: week up; special Inducement to transients.
HOWARD. 1054}S— Single room, $1" a week;
front' room, $1 "!5 ; houseneeping, complete,
~* $175. - -._. \u25a0 '\u25a0 , \u25a0 ' \u25a0 .-. - \u25a0\u25a0-' \u25a0' .
JONES. 700, cor. Post — Beautiful 6ucny front
\u25a0 double and single rooms; hot and cold water.'
LEAVENWQRTH, 712, near Post— Nicely fur-
nished, sunny, room for gentleman; private
family. - \u25a0 *..-'.'.'
MARKET, ICO4 — One front room. to rent; over
dental oarlors; $12 week. : ' ' '
MARKET. 1542 (The Idyl)— Single and en
suite, with private baths; hot and cold water
in every room: new and modern: reasonable;
phene South 70li. \ • . ' ... .
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third st. — 100
single and family rooms, 05c to $1 50 per day;
$2 to 6S week; the only , new and . modern
hotel • and . rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells; steam heat
in every room, and given free baths and. ele-
vator day and night to its guests.
MINNA, tf3lS— Nicely furnished room; gas
nnd bath; rent $7. . , \u25a0\u25a0'---'.
NEPTUNE (THE),*".'":" POST— JUST OPENED:
ELEGANTLY FURN. SUITES OR SINGLE
ROOMS; MODERN: PRIV. SALT WATER
BATHS. PHONE PRIV. EX., EAST 722.
PINE. 704— Furnished room; ga» stove. $7;
front room. $6. ..'..''--
POWELL, 216 (The Crescent)— Nice, cool
rooms, $1 50 per. week and up. : .
RIO VISTA Hotel, 253 Third St., near Howard
— New house; with all modern conveniences;
rooms en suite and single; rates by day 50c
and uo: by week. \u25a0 $2 and up.
ROYAL House; 120 Ellis— lncandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $150; week, $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; batb.3.
THE FLORENCE. 102 Ellis, corner Powell—
Rooms, 50c and upward; first-class service;
special rates by week to families.
TURK, 204 — Nicely furnlelic'l bunny .rooms;
'quiet house; rent reasonable. . .
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3116 — Rooms to let.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3118— Rooms to let.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, nr. Market — *00
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus, baggage.
WOLF HOUSE, Sixth and Howard sts.— Best
known transient house In city: -clean, neat;
charges reasonable; central location com-
mends It to traveling public; cafe attached;
cars pass'door. G. H. yon der Mehden. prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d Bt., nr. Market-^
Most convenient and respectable ; 700 rooms.
35c to $1 50 nightly, $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus. baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market et., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p, m.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AA— HOTEL MARLBOROUGH. 404 Eddy. St.,
JUST OPENED. Rooms modern. and up to
date- lisht, sunny and airy; hair mattresses;
free baths; everything elegant, '\u25a0; fresh and
clear, table unexcelled; rates very reason-
able; must be seen to be appreciated; locat-
ed In the heart of the city — 104 Eddy Bt. —
404. "Best meals In the city."
NICELY renovated sunny • furnished rooms
with board; $4,50 and $5 week. ,1 Martha
place, off Geary St.. near Mason.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 514 — Furnished room
with board for 2 gentlemen; running water.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1031 — Fur. rooms; bath;
good board. $20-$2"» ; two. $32-S3S month.
BUSH 102ft— Best In city; walking distance;
all conveniences; reas.; table unexcelled.
EDDY, 117S.opp. Jefferson Park — Fine rooms:
best table board; reas.; phene Jackson 15H.
OLIVE aye., 550 — One or two furnished rooms,
with or without board ;, terms reasonable.
Old Stevenson Mansion; 807 California st.; n«w
carpets and interior;, exceptional table; mod.
COUNTRY BOARD.
FARISH Cottage, Novato — Sunny rooms: board
$5 week: reduced rates; families; good flsh-
Ing and bathing. MRS. FARISH. Novato.
DIVIDEND^^NOTICES.
THE Central Trust Company of Califor-
nia, 42 Montgomery st., corner of Sut-
ter—For the half-year ending June 30, 1905,
a dividend has been declared en the deposits
In the savings department of this bank as
follows: On term deposits, at the rate of
3 0-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3*4 per cent per an-
num, free of taxes, payable ;on and after
Saturday. July 1, 1905. -
FRANK J. SYMMES. President.
DIVIDEND notice — Mechanics' Savings Bank, :
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery sts.
For the half year ending June 30. 1905, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of
three and one-half <3"4) per cent per annum
upon all deposits, free of taxes, payable lon
and after July 1, 1905. Dividends not called
for are added to, and bear the same rate of
• Interest as principal, from July 1, • 1905. In-
terest Is allowed from date of deposit.
'-'\u25a0\u25a0- JNO. U; CALKINS. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— California Safe Deposit
end Trust Company, corner California -. and
Montgomery sts.— For tha six months end-.
Ing June 30, 1905. dividends have -been de-
clared on the.depcFltBln.the savings depart-
ment of this company as follows: . On term
deposits at the rate of 3. C per cent per an-
num, and on ordinary deposits at the. rate of
3*4 per cent Der annum, free of taxes, and
payable en and after Saturday; July 1 1005.
J. DALZELL BROWN, Manager.,
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY, CONSOLIDATED. GIANT STA-
TION. CALIFORNIA— A dividend (No. 79)
of fifty cents per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the : San Francisco offices of the
company, rooms 202, 204 and 206, -Kohl bldg.;
on July; 10, 1005. -Transfer books close July
8, 1905, at noon. C. C. QUINN, Secretary.;
HUMBOLDT Savings Bank; ; 626 Market
St., opposite Palace Hotel— For the half-year
ending June 30," 1905. a dividend has been
declared at the rate •of three . and . one-half
(3*4) per cent per annum on deposits, free of
all taxes, payable on . and after Saturday,
July v 1, 1905. : " XV.' E.; PALMER, Cashier.
DEBENTURE. Surety Company. Rlalto bldg.,
corner Mission- and; New Montgomery' sts.,
' San Francisco.- Cal., has declared a dividend
for June , (No. 20) of five (5) cents per share
.on its issued -capital ".stock." which = will be
' . paid at office of the company; July. 10. 1905.
DIVIDEND - NOTICE—A > dividend ; of : IB ." per
cent will become v due ' and • payable ;to de-
positors of; the Pacific ' Bank, . at Room 177.
Crocker Building, 9th- floor, 'on .and after
July 11th, 1905. \u25a0 " . •.---• -. '
J. HOWARD BARNARD.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
THREE." complete;, sewing .'machines 1 :: in 'one;'
lock stitch, chain Btitch." hem stitch; seethe.
New .White. No.?- 25,' the finest, .' most com-.
-• • r.lete "and ). best \u25a0 sewing machine '- on \u25a0 earth.
Office Oir. Market st. .
DOMESTIC — The | machine i for family, use; best ;
is 3 cheapest ;: second-hand "all "makes' at any
price; all kinds i rented slowest rates.-' Domes-
tlc offlce.vlo2l*Market^st..;near'Sixth. ".'
-ALL I kinds " ; second-hand, : ' s $3,r $5, \u25a0 $8; slightly,
used.- $10; $15 and $20. -You s know 'where tho
' dolls swing : in \ the • window/;;* 1051 ? Market \u25a0 st.
ALL kinds \u25a0 bought.i sold • and . repairing "\u25a0 guaran-
teed. CHAS.PLAMBECK.IfIIS- Mission st.:
STORAGE yANDyWAREHOUSES;-
UNION .' Square? Transfer i &« Storage r Co., ;604; 604
" Van '- Ness \u25a0' a ye. >"> Phone '"\u25a0 East ; 44B. •• ; Storage,";
\u25a0 moving. r packing; i cut rates -on .freight. ;-
A— EMPORIUM I Storage ."& Van Co. ; furniture,"
; household: goods stored,', moved,"; shipped:.- 725-'
* . ;,731 Howard; St.". 4 nr.%Thlrd ; i phone . Grant- 1(11. ;
CONKLIN'S j storage ; i furniture 5 and ; merchan-;
jV dise ; ; Golden : Gate &' Larkln ; ' phone East 1 12fi.|.
PACIFIC Storage and I Furniture | Moving | Com^ j
pany.' 2320 .= Fillmore > st; ; j phone ; Jackson j 281.^
PIERCE-RODOLPH— Storage and I Moving Co. ;
\u25a0 'Main offlre.-.Eddy andFlllmore; tel.yweat 628'
BEKINS • Van and \u25a0 Storage. Co.y: 11 Montgomery,
st. ; tel. Main ; IS4O. Shipping ; at' cut ' rates.- rj
.•'\u25a0,- / SPECIAL NOTICES.,, r
McKINLEY Orphanage, 3841 ' Nineteenth ; st..
S San Francisco, Cal. — The following | children
have : been " admitted ' to .t he - orphanags - from .
April i; 1003. ' to , June . 30. 1905 : ; Edwin W. .
' Davis; aged^: years 8 months: iLorenH; La-
..' '-pum.".-aged 4 years 6 months (admitted, Feb-
. ruary 13. 19C5) ; Milton >. H. v Lapum,- aged ' 6
years 5 months (admitted February 13, 1905);;
-Albert J. Marshall,' aged .4 "years -5 months;
David Marshall, aged 1 year 8 months; Eliza-
beth Marshall,- aged 5 years 8- months; 'Jo-
seph Marshall, aged : 3 : years; Ignatia Slgnor-" ;
•ilo,< aged -7- years 7 months; Providence Slg-"
norello. . aged 10 years. MRS. L. R. J COUR-
NEEN. Matron. ; : "
NOTICE is ' hereby given that the Maria ' Kip
Orphanage of \u25a0 520 Lake \ street. San , Fran-
cisco, has received the -following orphan,"
half-orphan and abandoned girls from April
\u25a0 , 1 to July,- 1. , 1905 : ? Frances P. Childs, 10
years 5 months; Florence -Babcock,, 4 years
' and 10 months; ESlth Lohman, 11 years and
5 months; Nazaro S. Ayoob, 3 years and. 5
v months; Ellena M Miller. 1 year and il
months. '\u0084 ' ' • \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ..•.-\u25a0.\u25a0:-' '.' r • '
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN. ~
From and after this dato I -'will not be -re-
sponsible for any debts contracted by my wife,
Mabel Mastick McAneny. \u25a0 . . - -
. ;' '"'-.\u25a0> '•\u25a0'•"\u25a0"•-...'.'-..\u25a0• - G. B. McANENY.- -
Lawrence, Cal.. July ,7. 1005.
THE following children have been admitted to
the Ran'- Francisco - Nursery 'for Homeless
Children : - Minnie Creamer, : female," age 10
years, orphan; Joseph Slgmund. Janas, male,
age>s years, orphan; Emily K. Watklns. \u25a0 fe-
male, ace 5 vfl.ira. • i ' ' "
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, N0.,1'
Smith Premier. $25; ' other typewriters at
higher and lower | prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange," 536 California st. ; - -
' 2D-HAND typewriters ' sold, rented. s repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
' - .- . TO^JLEASE. \u25a0, '. : .
ANY portion of 60,000 square feet: b?st build-
ings In city ; ; three street frontages ; - perfect
llKht and ventilation: all . modern conven-
iences; within -five' minutes' - walk ;of ferry
buildings, Postoffles. Wells. Fargo & Co; and
Cnll office; reasonable rent : if you want
what you are looking for see us. HUGH.
KEENAN CONSTRUCTION COMPANY. 30
Jessie «t.. city. \u25a0 ' • '
-'\u25a0 \ j PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for corn brooms and scrubbing
. brushes — Depot Quartermaster's \u25a0' Office, : 36
New Montgomery St.; San FrancUco, Cal.;
July 5. 1905 — Sealed proposals. In . duplicate,
subject to the usual conditions, will be j re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a." m.
Friday, August 4, 1905, Pacific standard
"time, and- then opened, for ' furnishing \u25a0 for
delivery at the San Francisco depot, 3000
corn brooms and 1000 scrubbing brushes, to
conform to existing standard samples and
specifications. - The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any, or all bids,
or any part thereof. | Information and blank
proposals will .be furnished on \u25a0 application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be marked:
"Proposal No. 2416, to be opened August 4,
1905," and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL, Quartermaster, , U. S. A.. Depot
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for doors and sash — Office, Isth-
mian Canal Commission. Washington, D. C,
July 8, 1905. Sealed proposals, in triplicate,
. will be received -at ' the office of the Gen-
\u25a0 eral Purchasing Officer,- Isthmian Canal Com-
mission, Washington, D. C. until 10:30 a.
m., August 7. 1905 at which time they will
be opened in public, for furnishing: above
mentioned articles. Blanks and full Infor-
mation may be obtained from this office or
the offices of the - Assistant- Purchasing
Agents, 24 State street, New York City: Cus-
tom-house, New Orleans, La. ; 36 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco. Cal... and Ta-
coma, Wash., also from Chief Quartermaster.
Department of the Lakes, Chicago, and the
Commercial Club, Mobile, Ala. D. W. ROSS.
General Purchasing Officer. \u25a0 - -
BENICIA Arsenal, Cal., July 1. 1905 — Sealed
proposals- In duplicate will be received here
until 12 o'clock m. August 1. 1905, for the
purchase of condemned \u25a0 Simms-Dudley dyna-
mite guns and carriages, Gatllng gun car-
riages, cavalry, artillery and infantry equip-
ments. Springfield rifles, etc. Catalogues of
these stores : can be " had on application to
. the commanding officer.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.^.^
ENGRAVED ' wedding invitations, visiting and
business cards, crest, etc. ; high-class work at
moderate rates. J.H.Duncan.l26 Kearny.r.l-2.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
:; The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: * .
Sydner S. Barker, 85, Lac Cruces, N. -M.,
Alice I. Clark, 24, Sumner, Wash.
George J. " Garslde, - 21. Oakland. \u25a0 and Mary
F. Burke, 21, 420 Bartlett street. '
Jacques F. Greenberg; 28, 219 Seventh street,
and Bertha V Green, 21, 728 - Octavla street.
Alexander R. Patterson, 21, 901 Sutter street,
and Delia E. Page, 21, 772 Post street.
August Johnson; 35, _ Turlock, and Louisa
C. C. Lerssen, 28, ' Camnbell. '.
John Barandun; 28, 1321 Sacramento street,"
and Ceclle Semen, 24, 09 Ash avenue.
Herbert Measar, 45, 202 Seventh, street, and
Annie M. Regan, 38, 2025 Mission- street.
- Herbert E. Crowell, 50," 2919 Octavla street,
and Margaret Beeley, 34, 2919 Octavla street.
' James J. Pollard, 27, 652 Hayes etreet, and
Effa M. Fitch, 18; 749 Ellis street.
Peter F. McCarthy, 30,, 1341 Kentucky St.,
and - Clara E. Kane, 19, \u25a0' 67 : Portola avenue.
William G. Colburn, 21, ; Manchester, N. H.,
and Edith C. Cowles, 18. 007*4 Powell street.
BIRTBS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth; rr.arrlate and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. -They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indoi9ed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the came published.
Notices restricted simply, to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. .:\u25a0\u25a0 * ;
BORN.
DONOVAN— In this city, June 13, 1905. to the
-wife of Will A. .Donovan, a daughter.
HAAS — In this city. July 7, 1005, to the wife
of Rudolph T. Haas, a son.
KIDD— In this city. June 12; : 1905. to the
wife of J. R.Kldd,- a' daughter.
DIED. -
Ahem. Agnes Kellogg, Elijah N.— B2
Anderson.v- Capt. Nels Lawson, Sarah A. — 87
Brown, Frank — 14 Leidholdt. Alban — 35
Brown, Henry— s9 Linne, ... Frank— s2 \u0084' r,
Chrletle.Harrlet M.— 56 Melloy, Mary— Bo "
Cornwall, Mamie— 36 Nelson, Frederick E.
Devoto,, Katherinfr — 14 Prowse, Mamie L. — 20
Duggan. Catherine— 67 Kaffo. Teresa— l , ,
Fluren, Christian S. — 37 Rothman, Jacob ,
Huffman, Charles -H. - Story. Caroline— 76
Irola, Andrew— so St. Supery, Elizabeth
Ittner, Augusta— 2s — 65 ,^-
Jackson, Mrs. M. — 76 Sweeney, Michael— 23
Jacobs. Albert L.— 24 Warren, Margaret— 6o
AHERN— In this city, July . T, '; 1905, •at her
residence, 235% Oak street, " Agnes, dearly
* beloved daughter'of Mary and the late Jere-
miah Abern, devoted sister of John," Nellie
and Gertrude Ahem, „ and loving ' niece of
' ' Mrs. B . McCarthy.' . a native of . San :; Fran-
cisco. - - \u25a0 .-\u25a0-• \u25a0;'; ~ "\u25a0\u25a0 '-, -\u25a0 :
. XT Notice -of funeral hereafter..
ANDERSON— At Santa; Rosa, Cal.. July 7,
1905 Captain \u25a0 Nels , Anderson, beloved hue-
\u25a0 band -of i Rachel- F. Anderson,; and father cf
' Alfred * E., Eva CV Herbert E. and Rachel
> ! F.' Anderson. *•' - " ;. •
i '[Cr Noticed of funeral hereafter.
BROWN— In FGuerneville,: Cal., July, 5, 1905.
\u25a0Frank, dearly beloved husband of Aurora E.
Brown, and father ; of Helen t ßrown,' a na-
t ive of Montrose," Scotland,, aged 44i years 11
months and 11 days. A member of the Pa-
ciflc \u25a0 Coast Waiters' < Association '\u25a0 and • Yerba
Buena>Lodge.No.-14,;A. O;,U. W. (Phila- ;
-delphla: papers please copy.)' - - ""-V*
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited rto attend the funeral • to-day
(Saturday), _»t 3 . o'clock '• p.'" m., \u25a0\u25a0> from >; the
funeral parlors ; of :' Porter *& White." 423
Golden - Gate l avenue, v- Interment f New : Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, near.: Colma, . via ! electric
funeral car ' from : Eighteenth and Guerrero
.'". streets. \u25a0\u0084--.-: .-, : '."--\u25a0 \u25a0'-.'\u25a0 -V- \u25a0'.'".»'\u25a0\u25a0 : \u25a0•- '
BROWN— In the" City . a"hd '{. County Hospital;
'\u25a0:.-. July 6, 1905,'- Henry:. Brown, a native of
: Vermont, ". aged *59 years.
CHRISTIE— In \u25a0 Oakland, r Cal., July 7. 1005,
Harriet M.~ Christie," aged 66 years. i-
(C^Funeral J Sunday.- July 9, \at•? 2 o'clock
, , p. .^m..'- from .'the : parlors iof j James ". L.."-- Me-
. . Carthy; ', Seventeenth •-; street- and" : San Pablo
\u25a0 avenue, : Oakland 7^O^^SS(9&IIKS9S)SSK^g^
' CORN WALL"-In this clty.^July 6, . 1905. \u25a0 Mamie
- ;: Cornwall,' • beloved f-i daughter ,- r of ; the . late
t: 'Thomas '; and "f Bridget ; Lynch,-' and v sister of
;-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .-••\u25a0- .--...\u25a0{.-..•\u25a0,•'\u25a0 ..-\u25a0:-; \u25a0\u25a0 v"... -i.lv-.- 1, ;*-'.: r -..1..^v:,»
TELEPHONE MAIN 43.
N.QRlY&^b.,lnc
• FUNERAL* DIRECTORS.
i„" Cyrus S. 'Wright, * president ; ; Geo." H. Clark,'
'vice president; -: Al ; P. : Boot";, \u25a0 treasurer; Harold
!L. \u0084Wrieht,; secretary. !">:;.". ? .-:'\u25a0 \u25a0;—.-' -
613-014 ,VANi NESS AVENUE,
Between Goldsnr Gate; avenue s "and. Turk street,
, , SAN i FRANCISCO;^ CAL. ' ; '\u25a0\u25a0'-.* }"
I H;;P. PETERSc-N^ CO^if
Funeral Directors and Kmbalmera,
- 22S .McAllister • Sti; opposite City, Hall.
. :-^ 'South j.34o.v/.'^'r-/i
James - McGinn. \u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0} :••-; "- m Henry <" Hansen.' i "-'
-:\u25a0*• JAMES '. McGINN *& xCO.", " .'•\u25a0•;
\u25a0 • ' Formerly i With vMcGinn' Bros. -v .
. -Funeral v. Directors fc and t Embalmers—^~
! ?14 Eddy/st. • Tel. ; East -86. t \u0084
. \u25a0 Thomas and • John . J. \u25a0. Lynch and Mrs. -< G ."
:' Ulllue, a : native of San Francisco, \u25a0 aged 36
:.; years.--- 'a*. ;\u25a0\u25a0--. ;•*.-. .. . 4
* E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fullyj invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from the
''\u25a0\u25a0 funeral parlors of McGinn Bros.. 224-226 Me-
. .Allister street, - thence to St. Boniface c
-\u25a0 Church, for. services. Interment - Holy Cross
\u25a0 Cemetery." '-\u25a0 -
DEVOTO— In this city, July 7. 1903, Kath-
erlne \u25a0C. beloved wife of Antonio Devoto.
. and . 6lster *of £ Mrs.- James Dowdell of St.
Helena, a native of County Monaghan. Ire-
- ' land, aged " 44 years 8 months '. and 29 days.
;. .E?"Not!ce of -funeral '"Remains
at the Darlors of the Western Addition
Funeral" Directors, 1724 Devisadero street,
. between Sutter and; Bush. ;
DUGG AN— ln this city, JUIy 0. 1905. . Cather-
ine, relict of the Mate Owen Duggan, and
I beloved mother of Phillip H. Duggan, Mrs.
:-'•' Walter Gallagher and Mrs. H. L. de Vaull,
a native of Ireland, aged C 7 years. ; . ;
; - CFFrlends and > acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited "to attend the ? funeral to-day
(Saturday), -at l"p. m., from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services. Interment
.' Holy » Cross Cemetery.
FIUREN— In this city, July 7, 1905, at his
residence, 9 Enterprlee : street, Christian S.;
: dearly • beloved ' husband of- Lena Fiuren,
; father, of Henry, Walter and Edward Flu-
ren, and brother of ; Mrs. W. Cima and J ;
H. , Fiuren, a;• native of Holland, aged 3i
\u25a0' years \u25a0 7 months and T days. :.
\u25a0 ,'\u25a0 C7"Frlends and acquaints ncea 'are respect-
fully ln\-ited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 p. m.,- from his late resi-
dence, 9 ' Enterprise - street, ; off Folsom, be-
tween Sixteenth and Seventeenth, where ser-
vices will be held under . the auspices of
Court Zenith No. 21, F. of A. Interment
.... Mount Olivet Cemetery.- "
' Court Zenith No. 21, -Foresters of Amer-
. ica — Officers and members are hereby notified
to attend a special meeting Sunday. July 9.
1905, at 11:30 a. m... Alcazar building, to at-
tend ; the funeral of our late brother, C. ;
Fiuren. By order of " '
G. W. STEWART, Chief Ranger.
F.G. KLEIN, Secretary."
HUFFMAN— Passed away, in this city. July
7, ICOS, \u25a0 Charles - Henry, loving husband . of
Laura A. E. : Huffman; and father of Mrs.
Alice H. Marks , of : Berkeley. Mrs. Epsle A.
White of Marysville, Laura Caroline. Mer-
cedes - E., ; Genevieve, . Milton S. of Merced,
Fred Harmon,- Captain E. T. • and Jay Wal-
'. ton Huffman, and the late Charles Henry
Jr. and William R.? Huffman, and grand-
father of Charles H. Marks and John Huff-
man White, a native of New, Orleans, -La.
(New Orleans papers ] please copy.) ,- : '
' • ICNotlce of funeral hereafter, j
IROLA— In the City and County Hospital. July
7, 1905, Andrew, lrola. aged 60 years.
ITTNER— -In this city, July 6. 1905, Augusta
Ittncr, dearly beloved wife of Paul E. Ittner.
beloved mother of Albert. Alma and the
late Emil Ittner, and daughter of John Neu-
mayer. a native of Baden, Germany, aged 25
years 5 : months and 25 - days.' l
...ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Gantner Bros., 1209 Mtesion street,
between Elghth'and Ninth, Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. - =
JACKSON— In Alameda, Mrs. Mary Jackson,
beloved wife of the late Henry Jackson, be-
loved mother of Mrs. Blederman and Charles
L. and Virginia ' Jackson, • and grandmother
of Charles, Louise; Linda and Julia Bicder-
'* man. a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged
76 years 4 months and 29 days. (New York
and Buffalo papers please copy.)
(CJTriends and \u25a0 acquaintances are respect- ,
fully Invited to attend - the funeral to-day
(Saturday), July 8, 1905, at 2 o'clock p.m.,
from her late residence, 1714 St. Charles
Btreet, * Alameda. "
JACOBS— In Oakland, Cal., July 7, 1905, Al-
bert L. Jacobs, beloved son of Albert M. 'and
Jane Jacobs, a native of California, aged
24 ; years. . . .;
KELLOGG— In this city, July 7. 1905. Elijah
Northum. beloved husband of Emily N. Kel-
. logg, and father of Adelbert E. Kellogg of
San Francisco and Mrs>. :\u25a0 I. N. Slmonton of
Oakland, 'a native of Vermont, aged 82 years.
LAWSON— In ; this city, July 7; 1005, Sarah
Ann, widow of the late Captain Joseph Law-
. son, and beloved mother of Charles A. and
Edward Lawson. Mrs. Annie L. Boone, Mrs.
Sallle L. Newhoff and Mrs. Ella Badgley,
. a native of New York, aged 87 years 10
months- and 11 days.
LEIDHOLDT— In this city. July 6, 1905, Alban
Leidholdt, a native of Germany, aged 35
. years. -
i ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from Red
Men's Hall, 510 Bush street, under the aus-
- '- pices -of Germania Stamm No. S3. U. O.
R. M., thence to. Third and Townsend streets
for 3:30 p. m., train. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
LINNE— In this city, July 7, 1905, Frank
Linne, a native of Germany, aged 52 years.
CT Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J..C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
' Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
MELLOY— In this ." city. July 5. 1905. Mary,
dearly _ beloved wife of Francis Melloy,'. a
native *of County Tipperary. Ireland, aged
.80 years.
C7"Friends .and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ' attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock,- from the funeral
parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to St.' Francis Church, .where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul,, commencing at 9
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. :
NELSON— In this city. July 7, 1905. Frederick
E., beloved . husband of Edee H. Nelson, a
native of New York. .
(ETNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission
street.'
PROWSE— In this city. July 7. 1005, Mamie
Louise Prowse, beloved wife of Harry
Prowse Jr., daughter of, Mary H. Hlguerra,
and sister of Minnie and Joseph Enos, a
native of San Luis Oblspo, aged 20 years.
RAFFO — In this city. July 7. 19C5. Teresa
Raffo, dearly beloved daughter of Zltaand
' Alesandro Raffo, a native of San Francisco,
aired :l year 5 m&nths and 29 days.
ROTHMAN— In this city. July 7. 1905. Jacob.
beloved son of Mrs. Augusta Rothman, and
brother of Mrs T. Pinto, Mrs. M. Hartman
c and Fred, Nat and Tillie Rothman, a native
of San Francisco.
STORY— In Oakland, Cal., July 7, 1905, Caro-
line, beloved wife of \u25a0William* R. Story, and
mother of Thomas, Jesse H., Charles E.,
Elizabeth and Mary Story, a native of Mis-
souri, ased 76 years. ",.
ST. SUPERY— In Rutherford, Napa County,
Cal., \u25a0 Elizabeth .; St.v Supery, widow of \u25a0 An-
tolne • Supery, - and mother of .Mrs. A. M.
Chalx and Louise, Edward and Alfred Su-
pery. ' a native of Ireland, aged, 6s years.-.
ICTFriends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• (Saturday), at 8:30 a.:m., from the residence
of her s daughter, ". Mrs. A. M. Chaix, 2056
Bush street, ' thence to St. Dominic's Church,
where a requiem high mass , will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul; at 9 a. m.
. Interment Holy • Cross Cemetery. . . ,
SWEENEY— In this city, July 5, 1905, Michael
Sweeney, v beloved ? son . of Patrick and the
late Mamie Sweeney, and brother of Patrick,
. John. .Thomas," Annie, Delia. Mary and Mag-
' gie Sweeney, of New York, a native of
County Sllgo. . Ireland, aged ' 23 years. A
member of 'Plasterers' Union No. \66, O P.
I. A. (New York papers pUase copy.) '
. E7"Frlends and • acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ; the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30. a. m., from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 866 • Mission
! street, \u25a0; between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
St Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated. for. the repose of his soul,
.commencing at 0 a.m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. - , _ : -" .. . ; . .-'\u25a0.
WARREN— In this city, July 6, 1905. at the
Mary , Patton Hospital, Margaret, beloved
wife of \u25a0 Charles H. : Warren, and mother of
Mrs. Delmara Lister and William J and the
" late Charles Warren, and sister of 'Anna,
John and William Cooney, a native of. Man-
chester, England.' aged 60 years. - A sister of
Alcatras Circle No. 1. Friends of the Golden
'-' State.--".' --:'. - \u25a0-" - ' \u25a0 \u25a0 . :\u25a0. . \u25a0 \u0084--;.
\u25a0 . ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend -, the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday)," at 10 o'clock a.- m.,fromthe par-
' lore of E. Castagnetto,' 643-045 Vallejo street.
Interment ' Mount , Olivet Cemetery.
CARD *OF THANKS.
.' . \u25a0 We herewith : desire •to ' express our • heart-
• ? felt thanks *to the - many kind friend* for
•; their sympathy," kindness and beautiful floral
- . offerings \u25a0in the \u25a0 late \u25a0 bereavement .:; of . our
\u25a0beloved son and brother. Da vide Solari
L. SOLARI and Family.
In Odd Fellows' and Masonic Cemeteries can be
exchanged for Plots la
BIT. ; OLIVET CEMETERY
-\u25a0" For particulars apply at City Offlc*.
GRANT BLDQ.. MARKET tt BE VENTH ST3.
UEAL ESTATE .TnANSACTIONS.
WEDNESDAY. JULY 5. . -
George / F.: Hanson to : Rose M. Hanson, * lot
on W . line of . Flllmore . itreet. 65 S• of "Fell
S 30? by W.100.-Kift. -. ;\u25a0 • , .. 'V,
: Annie Franklin : to Jacob : and ' Hannah Conn,"
lot • on '- S ': line >of Bush I street j55 E. of Brod
erlck.-.E 24>by :S;8S : :$10.; ..'\u25a0\u25a0.• .•;'-.' i;:.--,^ r;,-.. •-'
;•' Cornelia B. and MosesP.^Hubbard to Charles
F. 1 Libby, lot on' ; W:jine of Broderlck street,
2S S : of Page, ' S 25 ,byiW s 100; $10.> ,*: -\u25a0 „ . s v
- Mary :* English ; ; and -. * Patrick Gallagher to
"Ann"- Brady, lot on .W -line/of- Baker .street,'
112 :6 \u25a0N< of > Bush, - N * 2s , by . W: 87 :«: ; also ; lot
on i" NW,' lin e of .• Folsora;: street, - 250 •\u25a0 NE of
Seventh, NE 25 -byi NW 80:<atso lot on: E : line
ot Pennsylvania" street, i 175 ': N; of 'Nineteenth,
N25 i by; E : 100: $10. . . : - * . -j, ., _- . ~
r Alexander? and- Margaret McKay., to-, Ellen
I F.'-, Llpplncott.' r lot ; on "\u25a0 W \u25a0 Jine of - Baker < street,"
82:0rN!of Geary ,'.N 25 :»-.'-— .91:8;, $10. ?_
-. ", Magdalena » to ' Margraretha^Gabelman,
lot r ' on >E/ line .of; Parker .avenue. "250 'N of
Point 'Lobos avenue, N25 by. E;120:«?10. ; ;
' "• Sophie 1 and i John « H.: • McKay *to •• Henry H."
on;Sv line ;of \u25a0 Sacramento ' street,
112:«:E<;of -Laurel. )E 41:9 .by. Si 132:7%: -$lO.
'\u25a0-i Thomas H. : Dowd : to Mary E.'Dowd, t: lot ; on
:NE. lineiof ; ; Lafayette street,* 53; NW. of : Na
toma," N W 1 29 :3.^ NE 1 SO :6%.^. SE , 29 :1 X; ' '=. S W
52.27;;510.\\; .- )"\u25a0'\u25a0' •\u25a0--\u25a0 - - - .
~i Paul \u25a0 Strlckert to -Winifred McKeown,\ lot : on
E , line: of ' Stevenson street. .85 N of. P**?*'
M. Fisher Company- to Ernest and Elenow
Klein, lot on : S lln« of Duboce street. -$S :»
W. of Valencia; W 33:4 by S 90;. »10. •
Catherine Kelly to College Notre V*®^ lo i
on, N line of . Seventeenth street.
of Dolores. E 2ti:*V4. , N 115, Vi i6:*»9». »»
Janfel'and Mary Ward to Stephen Flahavan.
lot on >S . line of Twenty-third street, -a >v
of York. Wsoby S 104 : 110. - . •'
William C.and Saratf J. . Hamerton to John
A. Miller, lot <on •N \ line >of Twenty-eighth
street 100 E of Sanchez. E 26 by N 114; »OS
Richard and Margaret B. Hutshlng or Hult
schlnsky to Isaac Harris. ' lot on N line ot
Jersey street. 127:8 E of Noe. E 25 by - N
Edward : D Swift to Anna A. Burford. lot
on S line of Elizabeth street. 295 W of Castro.
Martin and 'jane' Sanders to Nathan and
Marian Edlin. lot on W line i of Castro ?£eeU
52:0% N of Nlneteenta. N 22:5% by W
Patrick Roocey to James J. **>™? Jr.. Jot
or. S line of Clipper street. 160 V, of Dla
roond. W 80 by S 114. quitclaim deed; $1.
George A. and Ada M. Webster to Catherine
K. Forbes, lot on . W line of Sansome^street.
7t:S S of Broadway. S 37:7. W 1J7:6, N 45.6.
E 37:0, S 7:11. E 100; $10.
A X Rarlg to Rarlg Automobile and Gar
age"Company, lot on. SE line of Fol* 0 ™ W* 6 . 1 *
230 S\V of Fourth. SW 62:6 by SB 16o; $10.
James H. and Emma J. Welch to Edward
A. Younger, lot on NE line of Madison street.
320:10 SE of Harrison. SE 22:11 by .NE 75.
$IMichael1 Michael and Annie McDonald (^c 11 * I ™^
to same, lot on NE line j?f J**"!£ a J$ n?t
297:11 SE of Harrison. SE 22:tf by NE 76.
?1 George S. and Ollle E. Crim to John Slebel.
lot on W line of Utah- street. 50 S of Fif
teenth. S 23 by W 100; 510. '
San Francisco Land Company to Calvin >.
Langton. lot on NE corner of Seventh avenue
and California 1 street. N 108:3%. E 32:6. 8
104:11%, W'32:B; ?10. «i n
Joseph Head to Andrew Lynch, same. *10.
Calvin F. and Maud Langton to Joseph
Head, rerecord, lot on NE corner »* Califor
nia street and Seventh avenue. N 108.3%. E
32 :C E 104:11%. AY 32:4; *10.
Joseph and Harriet B. Welssbeln to Albert
Twenty-fifth street. 168:9 S of Lake street. N
and Therese Frederick*, lot on W Una or.
43:9. W 120. S 55. E 120; $10.
Annie Div%-er (Flanagan) to Mary J. Mur
phy, lot on E line of Twenty-first avenue. 2iX>
•N of Clement street. N 25 by E 120: $10.
Michael Lydon to Ellen Vogelsang and Mary
AC McFeely. rerecord 1919. D. 390. lot on
E line of Eleventh avenue. 275 S of Clement
street, S 25 by E 120; ?10.
G W , E. G. and LUlie A. Harrison to
Fanny and James Smith. lot W line of Fourth
avenue. 250 S of Point Lobos avenue. S 25 by
\Vlnslow "and Bertha U Anderson to James
Brown, let on NE corner of First avenue
and C street. N 225 by E 120; $10.
Philip and Nannette Sweed to Jacob Weias
beln. lot on S line of C^street 107:6 IE of
Forty-seventh avenue, E 25 by S 100. *n»-
Frank W. and Sarah A. » Marvin to James
Brown, lot on W line of Forty-fourth avenue.
125 N of T street. N 50 by W 120; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of T street. 5. :6
E of Forty-sixth avenue. E 50 by S 100; $10.
William and Callie Brandon <Fr£« man > *£
Solomon Getz. lot on E line of thirty-fifth
avenue. 125 S of T street. S 60 by E 120; $10.
Antolne and Grade Borel to C. W. Clarke,
lot 2. Presidio Terrace; $1.
Julius C. Reiato Cora A. Plumley. lot t.
, block 65. Reis Tract: *rant.
Same to William W. Towle. lot 36, block 65.
Reis Tract: crant.
Same to John Htles, lot 37. block 65. same;
C Meyer Estate Company to Alfred D.
Bowen. lots 2 to 21. block F. Mission-street
Land Company; $10. -
Lloyd H. and Merle Patterson to William
'C.- Patterson, lot on NE line of Eighth ave
nue. 200 SE of N street. SE \u25a0 100 by NE 100,
lot 35, block 139. Central Park Homestead; $10.
William C. Patterson to Lloyd H. Patterson,
lot on N'E line of Eighth avenue. 150 SE of
N street. SE 50 by NE 100, block 139. same;
gift.
"-Robert R. Moody to Southern Pacific Com
pany, lot on SW line of Fifteenth avenue. 225
SE of I utreet. SE 50 by SW 82:6. block 305.
CNell & Haley Tract: $10.
- Adam J. Bootz to Alfred D. Bowen, lot on
W line of San Jose road and Regent street. S
50 by W 100. subdivisions 19 and 20. Pforr
Addition. West End Homestead; $10.
Charles F. Weber to Isaac and Lena Alex
ander, lot 49. block C, Park Lane Tract: $10.
Anna D. Joost to Petrontlla Stadmann. lot
on SE corner of Montana and Plymouth streets.
E 100 by S 125. lot 1. block T. Railroad Home
stead: 510.
J. B. Painter & Co. to George C. FHlebrown.
lots 360 to 369, gift map 1, quitclaim deed; $10.
George C. FiHebrown to Thomas F. and Nora
Flynn/ same; $10.
Luigi and Maddalena Stagnari. Bartolomeo
and Angelo Flgone, to Flllppo Delucchi. undi
vided two-flftha of lot on SW line of Twenty
fifth street 210 SE of Malta. SE 90 by SW
100. lots 11 to 13. block 453. Bay City Home
stead; 510.
Estate of .F. ' Berton et al. to Joseph B.
Coryell. . lot on S line of Sunnydale avenue.
103 :S E of Mllllken street. E 138:8. S 224:5. W
138:8. N 224:5: $10.
J. C. and, Pauline Rued to same, same; $10.
" Andrew Frel vs. Clara L. Nalond (by Charle*
T. Spader, referee) to same, lot commencing at
stake 4, on shore of San Francisco Bay. 6fl N
of Tobin street. SE 244:3. NE 258:3, NW
238:11, SW 339:1; $1500.
Oscar Heyman to Jacon Herman Company,
lot on E line of Lowelt street. 100:6 N of
Hanover; N 106:6 by E 178, subdivision 87.
West End Homestead; also lot on E corner of
Miguel and Chenery streets, NE 50 by SE 100,
block 16, Falrmount; also lot on NE line of
Lowell street, 108:6 NW or Brunswick. NW
106:6 by NE 178, lot 55. West End Homestead
Association; $10.
George E. Bates vs. Mary G. Stone (by G.
H. Umbsen. referee) to Oscar Heyman. lot on
E corner of Chenery and Miguel streets, X 50
by E 100. block 16. Falrmount: also lot on E
lino of HumboMt street. 106:6 N of Brunswick.
E 17S, N 106:6. West End Homestead; also lot
on E line of Humboldt street. 106:6 N of Han
over, E 178 by N 106:6. same; $2200.
FRIDAY, JULY T. r :
Nelson C. and Elizabeth Hawks to-Medora
C Musser. lot on E line of Polk street, 137:6
S of Lombard. S 25 by E 121:10;: $10.
Wllhelm and Frederlkke Nielsen to George
W. %nd Julia Eade. lot on N line of Green
wich-street, 131:3 E of Laguna E 23 by N*
137:6; $10.
McEwen Bros, to Giovanni Tofanelll. lot
on W line of Laguna street, 60 N of Lom
bard. N 30 by W 110J $10.
Oscar and Maude L. Tobrlner to Louis B.
Bernhard. lot on W line of Pierce street. 45
S of Vallfcjo. S 27:6 by W 112:6; $10. -
Frederick T. and Elizabeth A. Van Beuren
to Caroline L. Woodhams. lot on S line of
Bush street. 162:6 W of Scott. W 25 by 3
110:11; $10.
William Herdtfelder to Amelia Herdtfelder,
lot on N line of Filbert street. 208:9 W of
Broderlck. W 25 by N 107:6; gift.
George D. and Elizabeth M. Graham, to Lucy
J. Campbell, lot on E line of De . Long avenue
(Lucy) 100 S of Frederick street. S 25 by
E S5; $10. . ••' -
. Charles and - Dorothea Harris to Lillle C.
Mertens (wife of M. J.). lot on W line of Tre
mont street, 655 S of Frederick. S 25 by W
SO; $10.
Annie A: -and Henry Doscher to Robert T>.
Cranston, lot on S line of - Page street. 100,
W of Shrader.,W 50 by S 137:6; $10.
' National Land Company to James L. Jensen,
lot on W line of Wlllard street. 158 S of
Frederick, S 54 by W 100: $10.
. William and Anna M. Glselman to William
A. Lange lot on N line of Parnassus avenue.
202:5 W of Willard street. W 5 by N 131:10^;
$10.
. Ella M. : Knorre to Sophie G. Schlvo, lot
on SW corner of \u25a0' Golden Gate avenue and
Willard street. W 25 by S 100. and estate of
EmIKF. . Knorre: $10. -
W H. and < Helga M. Bagge •to John T.
Kennedy, lot on N line of Sacramento street.
37:6 Wof Locust. W- 25 by N 100; $10.
\u25a0Jeremiah E. Lowney to Dnnlel D. Lowney,
lot on SW line of Ninth street, 250 SE of
Harrison SB 25 by SW 100; $1500. >..\u25a0!,;\u25a0 .
Elntracht S. and B. Vereln to Maria F.
Spless. lot on S line of Twentieth street,
200 E of Noe. E 150. S 228. W'lOO. N 114.
•W 50 N 114: also lot on NE corner of Twenty
first and Noe streets. E 105 by N 57; $10^
> George S. Crim et al. tn Simon and Julia
Bauer \u25a0 lot *on E , line of Florida \u25a0 street. 218
N of 'Twenty- first. • N 25 by E 100; $10.
• City and County of San Francisco to Patrick
Collins, lot on . W line of Capp street.- 195 S
of Twenty-fourth.' 8^65 by W 115; $— — .
Lizzie Fava (Comerford) to Margaret Chand
ler : lot on S j line of ' Duncan street. 100 E
of 'Dolores. E 25 by S ' 114 : $10. *
Margaret , Chandler to ' Edward C. and Mar
garet C. Keegan. same: $10.
-Jonathan and Anna' M. Anderson to 'vrilllam
A Etttnc. lot on W line of Noe street. 51 ;6 S
of Twenty-Second, S 25 by "V 7 100: $10.
Same to William L. Helke. . lot on W line of
Noe street/ 26:6 S of Twenty-second. S 25 by W
100: $10. ~
Franklin '< F. : and Anna S. Ralaton to Marga
ret A. B<rrar. re-record 1920 I>." 319. lot on N
line of Twenty-fifth . street. 132:6 W of Dia
mond. W 27:6 ty.N 114; $10.^ <\$ jWH'f jj rTVfWII J iitf)
City and County of : San Francisco to Robert
and Bertha* A. Behlow. lot on W line of Mont
gomery ! street, 40 S o* Mercnant. N 40 by W
137:6: $ . .
Bertha A., Robert : an 3 Lillle Behlow to
Henry B. Underhlll'Jr.. lot on S line of Mer
chant street. 136:9 W of Montgomery, W,0:9
by S 40: $10. . . -
. Same to Henry B.;Underhin. lot on -W. line
of Montpromery street, 40 Sof Merchant,' N 40
by vW 13fi:9: $10. -..;.--; - *
ijnlla C. \u25a0-: McCarthy ' to John M. Hepner. Jot
on SE line of .Harrison street. 133 SW of Third.
SW.RO by SE ?10.'-*^«?Pij» WBUSMCC*<«<
.'Jane F.- Wells to Starr Estate Company, lot
on N corner .of- Third sand \u25a0 Townsend streets.
NW7S,by,NE SO: $10. .
-".- EIIza.F. Somers-(wife of Henry C.V to So
mers & Co.. lot on S corner of Sixth and Irwln
streets. \u25a0: SE 240 by.SW ; 273, S. B. 32;;a!«o lot
onNElln< of Sixth street • 122 NW of Bran
nan.' NW.fiOby NE-120: $10. .
•nEasther or. Esther Lantie to Annie Rodda.' lot
on SE line of -Mlnn.v street. C 3 NE ofEishth.
NK.2O by SE««t)-:$lO.-. :
•Frank B.fanrl -Frank P. Veasey to James G!l
; chriat. ? loti on W. line of Twentieth avenue. .100
Nof California street. N 25 by -.W? 120: also lot
\u25a0on E .- line tof > Twenty-flrst \u25a0 avenue. 10« N of
California ' street.': N , 25 : hy E 120: $10.
)j~ Frederlca Morton ; to t Donald \u25a0 Mackenzie. lot
COMMERCIAL NfcWS
Continued I 'rom I'asc 13.
Cal Cot ' Mils S2 — [Mat Xav C 0.113 —
Ca G&ECor?- 60 Mills Nat 8k.300 —
C Jockey CLI2O - NS R R Co. - 12%
Cal Powder. 173 — N Cal P Co. 9% —
Cal Ship Co.— 23 Oak Bk Sav.ll3 —
Cal lI4T- 142^4 i100F Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak — ti7% Orpheum Co. — 16 ft
Chutes Co.. 4*4 6 P»cC Ca»^Co.l3o —
City & C Bk.lO7Vill» Pac SurCo.. — 120
Cyp L Imp. 4^ 6% Paraf Paint. 73 —
DptPwd dW. 82 & — s F Drydock — 73
DTcom .. 69 70 SF & SJCoaL 22^ —
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — S Jose^^L*^/?^^ "~
Fischer Thtr — 1% SO & MTKbt.l25 —
Frnch-A Bk.lCS^ — Swiss- A 8k..120 —
Hono P Co.. 33% 33 Truck Elect.. 14*4 —
Do old pool 34 — Union S Co.. — 38
Do nw pool 33 — UB InC com. 4S —
SALES.
Afternoon Session.
Street — «. «
400 Hono Plantation Co • »• 00
Mining; Stocks.
> TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales 'on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
9:30 a. m. Session.
3000 Adams ...... C314C00 Nat Bank .... 34
500 Blf g M b90.1 t>sj 500 Ohio 32
1000 Blfg M." b30.l 00 2000 Orl» BuUfros;. 32
10CO DUmondfleld. 40J2000 Red Top 41
4COO Home Con.bCO 00 300 Ton Belmont..l 20
S5OO Home Con.b3o C 9,1300 Ton Midway. .1 53
50C0 Ind Tonopah..o2H 75 Ton of Nev.l3 87Vi
300 MacNaroara. 44! 500 Ton J» Star... 58
500 Mont T0n.. 3 27 H 2700 N Star, b 30. 57
300 Mont Ton ...3 30t
'\u25a0\u25a0' : U a. m. Session.
500 Goldfleld 66[1500 Mont T0n... 8 27H
500 Ind Tonopah.. C 2 S5OO Nat Bank .... 83
500 MacNamara.. 43J2500 Ton N Star... 55
COO M'Nmra. b 60 481 "",
2 p. m. Session.
500 Blfg M. bSO.I 00 2300 Nat Bank .... 83
1000 Goldfleld Mm. 67 2500 Red Top. a 10 41
1500 Home Con.b3O 09'30C0 RothweU 23
7000 Ind Ton. b30.02^[ 35Q Ton Belmont..l 20
1000 MacNamara. . 43 300 Ton Midway. .1 65
5000 Mnt Tn.510.3 27** 10CO Ton Mdwy.slO.l 53
SOOO Mont T0n. .3 27%|2500 Ton N Star... 56
CLOSING QUOTATIONS*
Bullfrog- District.
Bid. Ask. ! Bl4.Aak.
BullfroK Anx. — 08jLlge Harris... 03 04
Bullfros. Belle -08 — Mont Bullfrog. 08 10
Bullfros Mm. —1 00 Or!s BuUrrog. SO 34
Bullfrg NBk 32 33 Vista Grande.. — 12
Ecllps© 22 — I Wolverine .... — 01
Goldfield District.
Adams 07 10 Jumbo Ex ... IS —
Black Butte.. 28 28 Kendall ...... U IS
Blk Butte Ex 03 05 Lone Star ... 13 IS
Black Rock.. 03 03>4 May Queen ..13 20
Blue Bell ... — 08 Mohawk — 20
Blue Bull ... — SO Nev Goldfleld. IS —
Brooklyn .... 02 05 Oro — 04
Columbia Mt. IS —Pa Goldfleld.. — 02
Diamond 08 — Red Lion .... — 03
Diamondfleld. 40 42 Red Top 40 43
Dixie 13 20 St Ivea S3 30
Frisco ...-..;. —. 20 Sandstorm .... 59 61
Gldfld Q Dust 08 C9f Sandstorm Ex. — 07
Gldfld L Star. — 03 Silver Pick ... 12 —
Jumbo M Co. 72 75| Slmmeron* ... — 53
\u25a0 s Tonopah District.
Belmont 1 17% — Mlzpah Ex ... — 15
California ... 19 — Mont Ton ....3 23 330
Cash Boy ... lft —N V Ton Coo. 20 21
Gold Anchor.. 82 90 North Star.... 50 67
Great Westrn 03 OS^lOhio- 33 33
Home 04 051 Paymaster ... 03 04%
->«\u2666 Con .. 08 00 Rescue 07% 08
Ind Tonopah.. 02 02 U S Nev D«t — 13 \
Jim Butler .. S2 84 Ton Exten .."-4 25
Lucky Tom. . . — 14 Ton of Nev.l3 CO 14 60
MaeNaniara.. 44 46 United Ton .. „—„ — 00
Midway 1 53 1 60 West End ... 80 1 00
Other Districts.
Brown Hope.. 15 16! Ray & CBriea — 08
Esperanza ... 00% 01 RothweU .... — 25 .
Free Gold ... 15 — Silver Peak .. — 21
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton Berkeley.. — 22
Kawlch Gold. — 10 Ton Gold Mt. 12 15
Pine Grove .. 20 23
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. July 7.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, 30 hours from Santa
Barbara.
SAILED.
Friday. July T.
Stmr Westport. Anflndsen, Westport.
Stmr Despatch^ Weber. Astoria. \u25a0»
OUTSIDE BOUND IN— l2 MIDNIGHT. .
Schr Lizzie Prien.
DOMESTIC PORT.
ABERDEEN — Sailed July 7 — Schr Muriel, for
San Pedro: schrg James H. Bruce. A. B. John
son and Henry Wilson, for San ' Francisco:
stmr Newbursr. for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA— SaiIed July 7— Stmr UmaUlla,
for' San Francisco. , \u0084',-.
OCEAN STEAMERS. '
• LONDON — Arrived July 7 — Stmr Sarmartian,
from Montreal and Quebec, via Havre.
GENOA — Arrived July 7— -Stmr Canopic.
from Boston, via Gibraltar and Naples.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived July 7 — Stmr Arabic,
from. Boston, via Queens town; stmr Carpa
thla. from New York, via Queenstown.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 7— Stmr' La
Savoie. from Havre.
DOVER— Sailed July 7 — Stmr . Deutschland.
for New York, via Cherbourg.
NAPLES — Arrived July 6 — Stmr Koenigen
Lulse. from New York, and sailed for Genoa.
Sailed July 6 — Stmr Italia, for New York.
HAMBURG — Sailed July 7— Stmr Armenia,
for New York.
Arrived June B—Stmr8 — Stmr Patricia, from . New
York, via Dover.
GLASGOW— SaiIed July 6— Stmr Numldlan.
for New York.
MARSEILLES — Arrived July 6 — Stmr Roma,
from New York.
- HAVRE — Arrived July 7 — Stmr Hudson,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived July 7—Btmr7 — 8tmr Cam
pania, from New York, for Liverpool, and;
proceeded.
LONDON. July 7. — The corrrespondeat of
the Dally Mail at Geneva says several persons
have been killed or Injured by violent tnan
derstorms which prevailed throughout Swlta
erland. BWI9
on W line of Eighteenth avenue, 173 N of Cle
ment street. N 60 by W 120; $10.
Donald H. and Helen Mackenzie to John W.
Ames, same; $10.
• M. H. Lambler to Thomas J. Kelly and John
Ball, lot on W line of Eleventh avenue. 130 3
of A street. S 50 by W 120, quitclaim deed; $1.
Estate of Annie. La wler (or Conley) by M.
McDonald (administrator) to same, same;
$1600. - ;-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
- George H. Gumee to George Walker, lot on
SE corner of Forty-third avenua and I street.
E 82:6 by S 100; $10.
| Annie J. Laird to Jackson L. Sorader. lot
on S line of T street. 82:tt W of Forty-flrst ave
nue, W 75 by S 100; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Alice Deane, lot- on SE corner of Sev
enteenth avenue and U street. S 147.21. NB
'M-A, N 147:11. W 33:3; $680.
Emanuel Lewis Investment Company to Al
fred D. Bowen, lot on N corner -of Lieb! *
street and San Jose avenue. XE 104:6 by NW
223. lots 7 to 15, block E, Mission-street Land
Company: $10.
Louisa D. or Louisa M. and George B*. Nolk
' rr.ann. to Edward Splchtlr. lot on SW line of
Sickles street. 267 NW of Wyoming. N"WICS.
W to NB boundary of lot 2. SE 133. NS SO.
lot 1. block 7. West End map 2; $10.
i August and J. . Florence Wcihe to J. H.
Goldman, lot on NE corner of Union avenua
and De Kalb street. N 200. B 70.-8 to San
Bruno road. SW to beirmnin*. lots 1443. MAT
to 1450. Gift map 2; $10.
J. H. Goldman to Alfred D. Boron. Sam»;
San Francisco Collateral Loan Bank to Al
fred D. Bowen. lot on E line of Bright \u25a0treet.
125 N of Palmetto. N 60 by E 100. lots 10 and
11, block 33. city land: $10. t - \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'_
Clara -K. Llchtenstein to A. D. Bowen. lot
on W. corner of Sickles and Wyomlnsr streets.
SW 80 by NW 237. lot 12. block .7. West End
.map No. 2; $10. .
Sephannah Williams to Mary Wllllanm. .lot*
23 and 28. block 41. Sunnyslde: gltt.
George C. and Llrzle J. Wright to Joseph
F.- Wallace. lot on N corner of Felton and
Bowdoln streets. NE 60 by NW 10O.lots> IS
and 17. block 39. University Mound: $10.
! James G Holmes to Benjamin -C. Holmes 1 ,
lot on NW line of Wayland street. 60 E of
Yale, E 60 by N 100, block 84,= University
Homestead: $10. .
Wllley G. and Lena Hunnewell to Carl J.
and Ivy Weber, lots 459 and 491, Gift map
'carl J. and Ivy Weber to Wllley G. and
: Lena Hunnewell lots 495 and 497. Gift map
! 2; *io.-
William and Clara McCormlckv to John A.
McCormtck. lot 5. tyock 10. Market-street
Homestead Association: sift.
Builders* Contracts.
"Hartwig A. Cohen (owner) with George
Healing (contractor), architect. Frank Van
IY ees — All work excent finish, hardware,
painting, electric work and plurabtns for , al
; teratlons and additions to a '2-story frame
building on lot commencing ,240:7% W froan
NW corner Clay and Laguna streets, N 127:5?4
D y W 34:4%: $3»»8. ,
- Timothy Hopkins (owner) with *M. V. Cale
& Son . (contractors), architects.' "Schulze &
Brown — Alterations and . additions. ex
cept Portland cement, painting, roof, freight,
elevator." steel vault, . linings and vault doors
and neckings and' steam heating' plant to a 1
and 2 story brick warehouse building on NW
line ofTownyend street. il.<C.:4 SW of Fourth.
SW- 91:»Vi by NW2IO: $2R,4C0. "
~.W.:H. Warnholz fowmr) with Ernest Re
hago (contractor), archltec: C." S. McNally
Alterations ami additions zo a-two-*tory frame
bulldiPK • into - Bats on lot commencing at a
point .15 W of SW • corner ;or ' Twenty-fourth
and , Folsom ytree?!». S If O nr W 2^: • $'U7f>.
La Soci«te Francalse tie . Bienfaisance \iutu
•»»le (owners) with Hannah Broa. (contractor*)
jurbltect E.- • A.. Bozlo— ah > work for - a twov
s-tory and basement <- concrete. '- Iron and brick
building on block o f land on Point Lobos av
nue between Fifth and Sxxin - avenues and \
street: SI 0. 200.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OR THE MARKETS.
Keie York Stocks show little change.^Cotton lower.
Xot much animation on the local stock exchanges.
Silver and Exchange rates about as before.
Wheat and Barley higher, with Futures excited. \u25a0
Oats firm. Corn steady and Rye quiet and weak.
Litv.a Beers ir. early districts about all contracted for.
Hay market in fair condition. Bran and Middlings firm.
Hot weather damaging Fruits and Vegetables in some sections.
Lemons and Limes in sharp demand and higher, owing to the heat.
Poultry market fairly supplied. Game coming in spoiled.-
Butter soft and out of shape. Cheese still weaker. Eggs higher.
Xo further change in Provisions and Meats.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Xmt York Money Market.
NEW TORJt. July 7.— Close: Money on call
-f ready. 2%32% per cent; closing bid, 2%
per rent; offered, 2% per cent.
Time lo&nc — Steady. Sixty day*. 3 per cent:
r.isety fiaye, 3V4 per cent; six months, 3% per
c-r.t.
Prime mercantile paper — 3%54% per cent.
f lerllng exchnr.ge — Steady, with actual busl
r'se tn bankers' bills at $4.5C95^4.57 for de
: and ana at $4.5520g4.8Kr5 for sixty day bills.
Potted rate* — $4 BC3* 88.
Commercial bills— s4 S3.
Par «ilv«r — 5S%c.
Mexican dollare— 46%c.
(iovemment bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
Xevr York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July 7.— To-Cay** transac-'
\u25a0i r.s in tf.-ck- y:elde-l 1.0 larger iotsl cf sales
Lhan yituida*. ITtre vm lees vlcltnt con
ir.-.-ti&n In ere cr two a.ocks. although Read
::.K and Ur.icn lMuifx. still held a very con
tp'SXi us I'ac- Is trading. Heading extended
•;- :<l3:^ ir.ie, a« it >-ay each clay for some
•. \u25a0 . . an.i there tCtiOcJ r-o Utnit to the specu-
Uiiw tonftiJiiice of I'tcse \u25a0who 'ollowea the
a'\.:r:i* nf t»»o sneck. It U eusDCCted that
i •• \r';jtur-** on th^ »hfrt »ide of those who
, -i sl.ari- tbeir corfi<<*nce In the present
of the stock on a 4 per cent dividend
Hi.-!- have served to further the campaign of
;:.>.- who are bulling the price. Many rumors
i •: "Mrrer.t of the large outstanding short In
\u25a0:tt whlr-h is dri\ - ea to cover by the persiet-
Lirt ri^e In the Kock. Union Paclflc waa sub
- : ,-v to profit -making sale* and was thus held
n .heck in eplte of the good returns of net
\u25a0r.tr.gs for May made by the Harrlman
• iflcs. To eCeci this profit-taking there was
mat diversion of professional support to other
quarters cf the market and this gave the mar- ;
fcft an appearance of eomewhat greater |
Irtadtfa than that of yesterday. Some of the
lew priced nan-dlvldend paying railroad storks
crate brought into activity. Thm coaler* had
tbc advantage of the figures of anthracite out-
FUt for June, showing a well sustained volume.
Pennsylvania and the Erles were both etrocg.
These are amonjc the stocks into which re
t-e:it iesues cf bonds are convertible at ex
< har.^e value* considerably abCA-e thoee now
nxUag ftr the stock*. Among euch convert
ible bond ismws made since the first of the
Fear ir.ey be mentioned the $100,000,000 by
Pennsylvania, $22,000.1X10 by Atchlsan and $10,
«*.v.tiw each br Erie and Delaware and Hud
eon. As th*s* recem lesues are purposed to
bt- ttlll iarpeiy in the bands of firet Fubscrlb
»•:•« their motive is causing activity and
urength in the PtockK. which will serve as
p.r>. additional attraction for securing these
coaverttbte lxinds. There was little news
Veering on values or en the movement of
prices, the occasional advance* being clearly
cue 10 vacaries of Fpeculative sentiment as
much as in conf^quent of anything else.
The ret-ort of the week's currency move
roept'did" not indicate the Important changes
tn the- cufch iu>;n of the banks and not much
nttrntiia vik Daid to --It. An lnterewtin* de
veliipia^nt wp.s the large increase in the de
ma rd for Jira<> loans. Thin was declared to
come from stock commission houses and was
•uppored to be incident to the present activity
In the stnek market or to nrospective opera
tions. The tone of time money was steady.
I'Ut thrre wai» no imr^rtant change In rates.
The wtieat market reflected seme anxiety over
the w«>t weather reported from the crop
regions, hut the «ock market was not Im
pressed. The day* profit-making had its effect
on rrice* and seme email net losses w^re
established before the day was over. The
closing was easy and at about the lowest of
the day.
Bonds were firm. Total sales, par value.
«4..M0,000.
United State* bends were unchanged on
call.
Tew York Stock r.I«C
E. F. Hutten & Co., 490 California street.
6an Frar.clsco, members of the New York
Mock Exchange, furmrh the following ofQcial
quotations of that Exchange:
Sales.' STOCKS. iHighjLow.| Bid.| Ask.
\u0084( Adams Express. J :240 |250
46,600 Amal Copper.... t>3%| S2H fe2%j 83
jAmcr Can Co..| | li',; Il'i
... j Do pfd j I e&vij 69ft
' 100|Amer Car & Fdy| 35»i| 35% l 35^| 35%
300, Do fcfd I 9tsft| 95%! 9s%j 99
500,Amer Cotton Oil 32 31% | 31V41 32
i Do pfd ).....|..... 91 | »1H
iAmer Dis Tel 29 S2
jAmer Grass Tw 6% 6%
JAmer Hide & L 6V* 6T4
! Do pfd 1 37% 87#
iAmer Ice | 4«£ 6
i Do pfd 34 S8
iAmer Linseed ..( IS 20
I Do pfd 40 44
3,9oo'Aiaer Locomotive! 49H 48% 46% 49
I Do pfd 1 112' 112%
lAmer Malt 1 : 5% 6
..-. i Do pfd 24 I 24%
13,900;Amer Smelt & R;118H U7*i 117%|117&
2WO, Do pfd ;m%!llft% 119% 119%
s.7OOjAmer Sugar |140% 139*41139% 140
j Do pfd 137 139
..'. JAmer Tel & Tel 133 140
100, Amer Tob pfd. . 97% 97% 67 97 %
700;Amer Woolen .. 37« i 37$ i 37% 37»i
i Do pfd 104% 103%
l,6ooj Anaconda 108% 107 10"' 107^
Ann Arbor 35 3g
joj £>o Pf<l 78 80
(Atlantic C L1ee.;164 163 1C2% 1C3%
6.200.A T& S F«....| SoH 85 M 85V
100 Do pfd 1102% 102% 102 102%
los/roaßait & Ohk>.... m% 113% 113% m
L Do JP fd U j »7% 98%
• gay State Gas 8-16 5-16
Beet Sugar 23 26
I Do pfd 80 £5
22.800 Bn T 72 ?Ct4 71U 71!W
'Brooklyn Un Oas 18Sh'iB4
.Brunswick D & I i6Ui 16
jßutterlck Co 67 58
, Canada Southern ) gsil ?q
iCanadian Paclflc'.ls2%:ir>i-i. ISiS 152 •
2.ofK> iC & O IMH 64 64* MH
JOO^; £ A.... 38 3S 37% 33
100; Do pfd 78 78 75 79
'C & B I pfd 13t> ho
C AIL pfd to 90
6.7CKK? & Q W 20% 20% 2.314 2t)»i
Do pfd A.... 64 (S3
Do pfd B 32 34
I Do Debs 6514 ftrtvt
1.400.C & N W 211% 2f* <211 21"
39.400 C M & Bt P...iieiM.!179?4!179%i179ri
100! Do pfd 157%!187%i156 llS.a
.\7.X»:c R i*P <new) Sljij 31%| 31%' 81U
400, Do pfd 7C%! 75H 7.',%! 75\
. LDL Do .* s •;••; 82y<i 82%
'Ch'c Terminal ...... J | 17% is«?
-Do P J< l \u25a0•;_\u25a0 4ftS»l 4O«
Chicago Un Trac 7 71Z
- Do pfd 32 38
C C C & Pt L.. 08% 99
Do nfd 115 120
- ;Cleve Lor * W..| .....I 72 79
j Do pfd 1 105 115
«.«oC,Colo Fuel & Iron 47*, 46% 46fc 47
.......I Do pfd SO 83
Colum H C & 1..' 14 14U
]C6lorado So ....; 27% 27%
Do Ift pfd R8 6«5%
DoSdpfd 3SV; 38%
iConsol Gas 189% 191
- Soo;Ccrn Products . . 10% 10 10% 11 \u25a0
Do pfd 4S 49%
5,400 Del & Hudson 192% 181 l»0«t VJlt?
..*.....!&L & W 379 UWO
• 300D&RG 81% 31% 81 31%
Do pfd 86!, 67%
D«s HtcFt D .- 23 23>2
TOOiDetro'.t Ua Ry .. M 93% «.1% 94* i
...... .(Detroit So n 12
L OO P f a 41 43
Diamond Mutch .." 189 140
COO.Dlftll Secur .... 44 43% 43^4 44
-.J Do licnfl* ;.. 78% 80
jDululh SS & A.. 15 15U
I Do pfd 29 29Sk
WI.SOOjErIe 4^W 47U 47U 47*1
«.^ do i«t pf. ::: «« j»« « % «a
::::::: Ffw^Dc':.: :::::::::: "& S
..Gen Chemical 72 75
....... Do Pfd ..... iog. k^i^
Gen Electric .; 177 JI7B
l.OOOiOrcat No pfd . 282% 281% 281%'253
[Greene Cons Cop 22«4l 22-'i4
-. Xtretn Geld 4% 474
« JHavepa Tub Co '. 24U! 26
Do pfd 33 m
100 Hocking Valley 02^ 02% 60 ©3
Do p?d 92% H3
. «.6OO!lllinols Central . 168 ipBU IWU lGS*i
Ilnterboro .......| 200% 202
200 Inter Paper .... 20% 20H 2<>H 20%
Do pfd 79% 80
Inter Power 76 85
Inter Pump 27% 80
DO pfd "9 81
200 lowa Central ... 27% 27% 27 2S
Do pfd 51% 52%
Japanese 4%s 91 91%
Do 2ds 98% 99
Do Ists 100% 101
Kanawha & Men 83 83%
XC FtS & M pfd SO 81%
Kans City So 20 26%
... DO pfd 66% 57
Keokuk &D 11 .. ;... 15 13
\u25a0-.. Laoleds Gas pfd 97% 100
200 Lake E & West. 31% 81% 30% 32
-»-. Do -pfd 92% 87
Long Island. ... , 55 56
15,000 Louis & Nash... 150% 149% 149% 150
Mackay 39 40
> Do pfd 72% 72V
100 Manhattan 166% 166% 165% 160%
Manhat Beach 9% 12v,
Marine 14% 14%
Do prd 30% 31
4.100 Met EecuriUes... 83% 83 63% 81
12,300 Met. St Ry...... 130% 128% 129% 129%
1,800 Mexican Central. 22% 22 21 ?4 22
... Minn & St L 64 co
Do let pfd 85T» 93
M, St P&S 6 M 123 123%
Do pfd , :, 160 161%
1,400 Mo. Kan & Tex. ?9% 29 29 29%
900 Do pfd C 5 - 64% 04 64%
3,800 Missouri Pacific. ICO% 100 100 . 100%
iNash. C & St L. 148 ' 160
500 National Lead... 47% 47 46% 47
100 Do pfd 105 105 104 103
Ntl R R M«x pfd 36% 37
National Biscuit 01% 62%
Do pfd 117 118
(New Jersey Cen .202 2f>4
pr V Airbrake... 141 131
15.50OjNew York Cen.. 149% 148 14S 145%
2.200 NY, C & St L. 49% 49 48% 49
Do Ist pfd .......... 110 115
Do 2d pfd 78 81
New York Dock.! 24- 24^,
N V, N H & H. 199*4 200%
2.700 NY. Ont & W.i K5% 53 52% 62%
4,7oo(Norfolk & West.! SC%i 55% S6 I 8(5%
Do pfd..' .|.....| OlHl 94
MOjNorth Amerlcan.l 09% 09% 99% 99%
3,2oo> Northern Pac ..;19l)'» 189% 189% 190%
lN'orthern 5ee5... 1.'.:... |166 \IM
[Omaha i 1183 190
I Do pfd.. t |190 200
'O S L 4*.. .....(.....1 O<J »C%
Pacific Coast 1 1(2 94
.] Do lat pfd [ 1 102 105
I Do 2d pfd I i»2% 95
lOOlPacific Mail 44% 44% 44 44%
63.600 Perm R R C0...!143%|142% 142% 143
3,sooiPeople'B Gas 10tt% 105% 100 10»i%
P. C. C & St L.I 75 81
I Do pfd 102% 103
10u;Pressed Steel Car 40 39% 39% 40
400 i Do pfd 94% 94 94% 94%
IPullman Car Co. , 240 242
I.OTO! Ry Steel Springs 3G% 36 . 35% 30
Soo| Do pfd 08*<i 98% 98% 99
125.90 CJ Reading 108% 107 107% 103
• -fl'jOJ Do Ist pfd 93»4 93% Xi 03%
" 1.700! Doid pfd »3% 83- 92% 93
2,000 Republic S A 1.. 20% 20 . 20% 20%
2.400j Do pfd Sl»i SOU. 81. SI»4
K«lßubber Goods... 34% 34% 34V, 34%
" 'JOO! Do pfd 104 104 103 105 "
2,600 Sloss S S & I Co. I 84% 84 84 84%
........ Do pfd 106 110
St J & G 1 14% 17
Do lßt pfd 49 52
Do 2d pfd 23 24
{StL &SF Ist pfd 76 78
700 Dt>2d pfd ... «S% 65% 68% 68%
000 St L& S W ... 24% 24 23% 24
1.000 Do pfd «3 62% fi2 62%
W^OOlSouthern Pae .. C 5% 64% 65 C 5%
! Do pfd 117% 117%
33,000; Southern Ry ... 34% 33% 34 34%
900j Do pfd 98% 97% 93 99
'Standard Oil 615 020
I Standard R& T % I
17,200Tenn Coal & I. 92% 90% 91% 91%
1 Texas P L T Co 41 43%
500 Texas Pacific .. 31% 34 34 34%
Third Avenue 120% 130%
Toledo R & TCo 33% 34%
Toledo St L & W 37% 38%
600 Do pfd 57% 57% 67% 57%
100 Twin City R T. 114% 114% 113% 114%
700 Union Bag & P. 11 % 11% 11 11%
100 Do Pfd 73 .73 73 73%
10,200 Union Pacific .. 131% 129% 130% 130%
....... Do pfd 07% 98%
'...:... Do cony 4s .. 130 130%
200lUnited Copper .. 23% 23% 23% 24
700 United R of S F 64% 04 63 64
200 Do prd 87% 87% 67 87%
-. Do 4s 89% 90
1,700 U 8 Catt Iron P. 31% 31% 31% 31%
100 Do pfd 93% 93% 93% 94
U S Express 122% 125
100 U S Leather ... 12% 12% 12% 13%
2001 Do Pfd 109% 109% 109 110
.U S Realty & C 90 91
2.800 USR & R Co. 34% 33 34% 34%
1.400 Do pfd 69% 68% 69% 70
6 500 U 8 Rubber ... 44% 43% 43% 44
I*7oo Do pfd 109% 109 109 109%
S!k,SOOU 8 Steel Cor .. 33% 33W 33% »3%
63 0001 Do Pfd 101% 100% 101% 101%
200 Va-Car Chem Co 36% 36 35% 36
Do pfd 100 107%
400Wabash 19% 19V4 19% 19%
300 Do pfd 40% 40 40 41
100 Do deb B9 ... 72% 72% 72% 73
I Wells Fargo Ex. 235 250
'"SOO! Western Union.. 03% 03% 03 93%
IWestlnghouse 1W 167
j nn Ist Dfd 182 193
""100 W& L E ... .. 16H 16% 16 16%
100 DO lrt prd ... 40% 40^ 40 40^
I Do 2d pfd ... i **n -•»%
*""VW Wisconsin. Cen.. 23% 23% 23% 23%
1001 Do pfd 61% 51%1 51% 51%
630,300 — Total shares sold.
New York Bond*.
U S ref 2s reg.. lo3%! Japan 6e, cert.... 101
Do coupon 103% 1 Japan «s, 2d ser. 99
Do 3s reg 103% Japan 4%5. cert.. 91W
go coupon 104 L& N unified 4s.ira<l
Do new 48 re*.l3U Man con gold 45.104
Do coupon 132 M Ucx Central 45... 7i
Do old 4s reg..lOt Do m inc.... 22
Do coupon 104 Minn & St.L 45.. 96%
AmVr Tob^is 76% M. X & Texas 45.101%
rv_ «p 115% Do 2ds •• »8H
Atch cen'ii 104% NR of Mcx con 4s 82%
Do laj 4s »c£ N V C gen 3%5.. 99
Atlantic C L 45.102J4 N J C gen 55.... 134
Bait & Ohio 45.. 105% Nor Pacific 4s 105^
Cenfral H of '6* Ss'.uH Nor & V'con' 4*'.%%
Do Ist mc 96% O S L refdg 45... 06Vi
Do 2d mc 84 Pa cony 3%5.. .. .104g
Chw & Ohio 4%5.108U Rpadlng gen 45... 101%
Chi & Alten 3%5. 79% S L & I M con 55.117
C B & Q new 48.101V4 Rt L & S F fg 4s. BS%
C. R I & Pac 4a. 82% St L S W con 4s. 82
Do col 5s ,94?* A L,4s. 90
C.C.C & SLKn 45.102H 80 -Pacific 45...... 93%
Chi Term 4s BS% Do ltt 4». cert 95? i
Colo Midland 45.. 75% St> Railway 55... .118%
Colo &S3 45.... 85 Tex & Pac UU..122.
Colo Ind s*. *tr A 75% Tol. St L & W 4s. 65%
Do r.s ser 8... 74S Union Pacific 45.. 105%
Cuba Si, cert. . . .l<>m Do cony 4s .; . . .130
Den A Rio O 45.1C0% U S Steel 3d 55.. 04%
Dist Securities 6s 79% Wabflsh Ists ;.. ..117"V4.
Erie prior lien 45.101 Do deb B «3Ji
Do gen 4s ..... 93% Western Md 45... B**4
FWft D C UU.112 W& L Erie Vs... 94%
Hock Val 4%5...110' Wig Central 45... 94%
New York Mln Ins Stocks. ,
Adams Con ..."•"• 20] Little Chief ..... /^O5
Alice 57| Ontario 4 00
Breece 20 Ophlr ...0 00
Bruns Con 05 Phoenix .......... \u25a0;" 01:
Com Tunnel ...'. 08 Potosl 10
Con Va Mln Co.. 1 80 Savage 33
Horn Silver 1 751 Sierra Nevada.... 28
Iron Silver : S 50| Email Hope* .....' 23
Lcadville Cen . COj Standard ......... XUS
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel...'. 33%
Call loans 3>t©4 1 Do pfd .:.100Ji:
Time 10an5.... 3«i©4% Westing Common. 82
Bonds— 1 Mmmg —
Atchison 4s .....102% Adventure ........ 4
Do adj 4s. 90: Allouez 27%
Mcx Central 45.. 96 \u25a0 Amal Copper .... 82%
Railroads— : . Amer Zinc ..\u25a0.....: 8%
Atchison 85 Atlantic ......... 17%
Do pfd 102% Calumet & Hecla.64o
Boston A Albany.2ss Bltigham .;".....*.. 2fl '\u25a0-•\u25a0
Boston A Ma1ne..177 Centennial ....... 19
Boston Elev ..'...157 Copper Range ... 09%
Fltchbur* pfd... .145: Daly West ....... I.'JU
NY.N H & H..200 Dom Coal ....... 81%
Mcx Central ..... 21% Franklin ......... qu,
Pere MarquetU.-. . \u25a006 \u25a0 Granby ..........
Union Pacific . . .130 Isle Royale . ... . ; 20«4
Miscellaneous — - j Mass Mining . . . . 7%
Amer Arge Chem. 22% Mohawk ......... 60.
Do pfd .... 00 Michigan ... ...... U%
rSmm 1 i -inrmn— irmi — it-it r*- n~~— t~i iminii mi« \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>\u25a0\u25a0
THE JSAN; FRANGISGO GALL; ; SATURDAY;v^ULY r ;8; 1905:
Amer Pneu Tube. 7 Mont Coal & Coke 2
Amer -Sugar 140 Old Dominion ... 24
Do pfd Osceola .'.... 90%
Amer Tel & Te1.139 Parrot ;.......... 22^4
Amer Woolen ... 37% Shannon 7
Do pfd 104 Qulncy ........... 99
Dom Iron & 5... 23% Tamarack ........116
Ed Elect Ilium.. — Trinity ........... 8 v
Gen Electric .178 United Copper ... 23U.
Mass Electric 20 US Mining. .... . 28%
Do pfd 62H U S Oil .......... 10H
Mass Gas 48H Utah .."..43%
United Fruit 106/4 Victoria .........: 3
Un Shoe Mach... 67% Winona 1014
Do pfd 3214 Wolverine .......:109
Boston Copper Stocks.
BOSTON, July 7.— The market waa better
to-day, considerable bullish talk being Issued
on Amalgamated Copper on the metal. Osceola
was strong, selling 91%, ex-dividend, and
Tamarack 118. ex-dividend. The buying of
Centennial was active and the amount of
stocks -offered around the present prices Is
very small. \u25a0• -
London Cloning; Stocks.
Con* money.... CO 1-16 N V Central..... 154
Do acct 90 3-10 Nor & Western... 83)4
Anaconda 5% Do pfd ........ 96
Atchison 87H Ont & Western... 64%
Do pfd 104% Pennsylvania ..... 73%
Bait & Ohio ..117 Itand Mines ..... 8%
Can Pacific 156% Reading .......... 55#
Ches & Ohio 55% Do Ist pfd...... 47%
Chi Great West,. 20% Do 2d pfd 47
Chi. Mil &St P. 185 So Railway 34%
De Beers 16% -Do pfd ...:.... 100U
Den & Rio G... 21% So Pacific 68%
Do pfd 89 Union Pacific ...'.l34Y*
Erie 48% Do pfd IOOJi
Do Ist pfd 81 % U S 5tee1......... 84
Do 2d pfd..... 75 Do pfd ........ 103 W
111 Central 172% Wabaah .......... 20%
Louis & >*a5h....15;1% Do pfd 41U
M. X & Texas... 30 Spanish 4a 91&
Bar Bllver— Sfeady; 27d per ounce.
Money— lol% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market
for short bills is 1 1-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 1% per cent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. July 7.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ing* at the principal dtles lur the week end
ing July (j with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week Jast year:
_ Percentage.''
, Amount. Inc. D«c.
•New York $1,817,246,322. U5.4
\u2666Chicago 170,09.«,24» 14.3
tt B °" en : 107.255,641 34.0' ....
•Philadelphia 129.377.3U8 23.1 ...
•St. Louis 48,i>50,584 11.7 ....
Pittsburg : 49,894,199 21. »
•San KTandsco .. 31,529,889 17. tf ....
Cincinnati ; 23,442.500 .... . . 1.7
•Baltimore >" 25,887,372 0.0 ....
•Kansas City 19,299,021 »3.5 x ....
[•New Orleans ... 14.735.540 70.4
•Minneapolis .... 14.313,129 19.2 '
•Cleveland 14,SOO,B4!) . 3.7
•I^ouisvllle 12.*>05.077 19.4 ....
Detroit ...'. 10,237,519 6.7
•Milwaukee 7.197.7U7 4.5 .....
Omaha 8.35!>,02l 20.1 ....
•Providence «,7r.',500 40.t» ....
•I^os Angeles .... 8,723,210 .... ....
•Buffalo H. 914,930 "10.0 ....
Indianapolis 7.2&0.0G0' 25^7"
•bt. Paul tt.l22.Bfti 18.7
Memphis 4.209,710 22.9 ....
•St. Joseph I 4,383,2!>« 26.0 ....
Richmond :-.. \u25a0 5,205,902 • 8.1" ....1
Denver 6.406,760 41.0 ....
Columbus 4,255,000 '\u25a0 9.1 ' ....'
Seattle 5,573,512 42.9 ....
Washington 5.275,909 13.0 *....
•Savannah ...... 3,801,250 47.1 -....
Albany 4,943.138 32.4
•Portland, Or. ... 4,452.603 60.8 ....
Fort Worth 4,921.705 92.9 ....
•Toledo, Ohio ... 8,800,439 32.1 ....
Atlanta 3,276.115 - 30.1
Salt Lake City ... 4,0»M86 61.2 ' ....
Rochester . 6.291,433 89.3 ....
Peorla 2,347.064 10.2 ....
Hartford 3,tf>3,413 1.7 ....
Nashville 5.104,8;i8 8.8 ....
•Spokane, Wash. . 2.706,104 21.3 .....
Dcs Moines 2.»>i«,720 19.9 ....
Tacoma 2,e55,523 71.3 ....
New Haven 2.U31.618 .... -9.9
Grand Rapids \u25a0..\u25a0 1,979, 458 • .:.. 18.2
Norfolk 1r518,900 6.6 ....
Dayton 1,070,831 5.1 ....
Portland. Me. ... 1,680,766 5.4
Springfield, Mass. , 2,285,542 25.3 ....
Augusta. Ga. ... 1,6.'«.554 . fiS. 9 ......
Evansville 1,466,635 ', 32.9 r ....
Sioux City 1,021.103 40.9 ';....
•Birmingham .... 1.531,570 60.8 ....
Syracuse " 1.9C2.322 30.9 ....
Worcester »'l I,6l>B,<*Sl 17.1 -'\u0084...
Knoxville 1, 074,647 .... 17.1
V. - »lkesbarre ..... 1.007,650 .... .....
Davenport 1.150.C90 .... . ....
Little Rock 1,194,544 104.1
Topeka 645,852 ....
Chattanooga . . . : . 643,023 .... 20.2
Jacksonville, Fla. 9H4.254 41.3
Kfclamazoo. Mich. 696,332. 6.9 ....
Springfield. 111... 834,626 11.0
Fall Kiver - «64,334 11.1
Wheeling. W. Va. 704,458 11.2
Macon 656.977 85.8 ....
Helena 857,464 40.7
Lexington 606,109 12.0
Akron 520,500 9.9 ....
Canton, Ohio 309,000
Fargo, N. D 520,325 10.2
Youngstown 1,092,755 105.7 ....
New Bedford ... 425.015 9.8
Rockford, 111 455.147 9.9
Lowell 427.026 '. ... 6.3
Chester, Pa 483,264 21.9
Blngrhamton 503,200 13.8
Bloomington. 111.. 439,116 56.2
Springfield. Ohio.. 331,011 . - 11.0
Greeneburg, Pa... 362.632 19.6
Qulncy 111 575.785 10.4 ....
Decatur 111 316,650 22.0 .'...
Sioux Falls, B.D. 428,964 18.4
Jacksonville. 111.. 277.390 30.6 „
Mansfield. Ohio.. 316,248 71.7 ....
Fremont Neb \u25a0270,630 04.2 ....
Cedar Rapids ... 485,667 23.4
tHouston \u25a0..' 10,477,440 : 26.3 ....
tGalveston 9,409,000 .49.4 - ....
Totals, U. 5..52,144,861,867 .47.1
Out*ide New York 027.615,545 20.8 ....
V CANADA.
Montreal $27,831,677 36.5 •' ....
Toronto .21.071,225 21.0 ....
Winnipeg 7,802,733 37.2 ....
Ottawa "• 2,254,067 6.5 ....
Halifax 2,241,909 .4
Vancouver, B. C. 1,852.700 34.7
Quebec". 2,150,856 8.1
Hamilton ........ 1,340.088' 14.6
St. John. N. 8... 992.14S . .8 ....
London, 0nt...... 1,002,097 ...•. 15.2
Victoria. B. C... 808,577 71.9 ....
Totals. Cari.. $69,354,076 24.6 ....
tNot included In totals, because containing
other Items than clearings. 'Balances paid
In cash. . -
Condition of the . Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July 7. — To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows:. Available cash
balance, $139,214,659; gold reserve. $70,959,371.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 7.— The market was
strongly supported in the : early . trading, and
after a weak opening and a* 10-polnt- decline
there was a rally and recovery which 'carried
the market back to last night's closing prices.
This, "however, -was followed by \u25a0 the deveftip-"
ment of fresh Belling, which broke prices down
to a level of 15»to- 20 point* 'throughout tha
lift. The market j was rallied I from this : point .
In the last : hour i by .« fresh 1 support from \u25a0 the
leading local bull interests, which was un
doubtedly for the object of stimulating Liver
pool las much as possible to-morrow and pro
vent the spread Of liquidation by outsiders and
recent buyers. : . : , \u25a0 v
,: Futures opened easy. July, 10. flSc; August,
lO.COc; September,'! o.62c; October, 10.72 c; No
vember, 70.78 c: December, -10.81c; January,
10.86 c; February, 10.02 c; March, 10.99 c.v
Futures closed steady. .-July, 10.69 c; August,
10.66 c; September, 10. 62 c; October, 10.71 c; No
vember, 10.78 c ;. December, 10.81 c; January,'
10.82 c; February. 10.86 c; March, 10.92c; -'April,
10.94 c; May, 10.97 c. "' : •
Spot closed quiet, 20 points lower.; Middling
uplands, 10.90 c; middling gulf. 11.16 c. Sales.
80 bales. '- \u25a0 : . _ ' ' . ••
Xevr York Grain and Produce.
NEW .YORK. July 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
IS.BOO barrels; exports. 2700 barrels; quiet but
steady. \u25a0. . -•'•'.;"• -'-*',*'.- • ; - ; ' - '\u25a0< -. \u25a0 \u25a0 ••••-,
> WHEAT — Receipts." 3000 bushels; spot Ir
regular; No. 2 red, $r OO asked" elevator;. No 2
red. $1 07% asked f. o. b. afloat; No.' l north
ern Duluth. $1 19%' f. o. b. ? afloat; No.- 1 hard
Manitoba.^ $1 12 f . '- 0: b. v afloat. . Practically
from start to : finish • wheat . was very .- strong
to-day, reflecting, higher cables, v disquieting
Russian \u25a0 news, unsettled -Western weather/: the
corn advance and active . covering. . The ! close
represented l%c to*,l%c net n advance.> May,
92%@93%c. closed * at. 03c;^: July. -95%@»(i9,c,
clt.*«d 88% c ;: September, 91%@92%c closed at
02% c;* December. 91 l-16@92%c, closed at
92% C.'V ",.:\u25a0 \u25a0--.-;.\u25a0•\u25a0.'\u25a0.\u25a0; \u25a0\u25a0' -: ' \u25a0;\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0 .\u25a0;\u25a0 .
• HOPS— Steady. " ' . •
HIDES— Steady..
WOOL-^Steady.
PETROLEUM— Quiet.
, SUGAR— Raw < unsettled; fair, refining, 8%o;
certflfugal." 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar. 3% 0f
refined," quiet;n.^ A •-':,/\u25a0'-,\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0V:. ; - :\u25a0•.\u25a0 -.^.-»v\, ,\--.
i \u25a0 COFFEE — Spot: Rio; steady; mild, ; steady.
Futures ", opened ; steadyi at K unchanged \u25a0» prices. :
Trading was very quiet and with foreign mar
kets > fairly - steady -• there ; was ,. little « for i sale
and \u25a0'&"\u25a0 moderate v demand' s from • Europe j and
.Wall ; street -\u25a0 caused -. a . partial advance r \u25a0\u25a0 of s 0
points which :was ilost In " the trading ; under
rllghtly ;. Increased ,i offerings. - The ? close *. was
steady, - net ; . unchanged. \u25a0 \u25a0 Sales .-were \ reported
of 21,600 bags, *> including t July, a 6.ssc;;* Sep.
tember "'6lTs«6. Boc;: October. 6.80 c; -Decem
ber-7.'05c: - March.s 7.25 c. •';. .... > - -
!•\u25a0 BUTTER— Steady ' and ' unchanged. . "*:':•
CHEESE-^Steady. and unchanged. '." %
\u25a0\u25a0 EGGS-^-Steady and unchanged;^ -
.' rv DRIED FRUITS.; " ,; ;
EVAPORATED jj market | con
tinues firm, but- without * further change >in
prices.' Common to good are j quoted at ' 4%c;
prime, -6c; choice,' oMc;i fancy,- 7a : . \u25a0•; \u25a0 r
PRUNES — Remain In -about the position pre
viously, reported, with quotations ranging from
2%c to Cc, - according to grade.. v >"•:,
. APRICOTS — For .future, shipment are in light
demand for the "time \u25a0; being. I but. no . attempt
is made to force (tales .- and - the \u25a0 market - re
mains firm. Choice > aroi quoted at 10@10i4o;
extra choice.; lie;, fancy., 12@16c. ; -.-"\u25a0 .:.
PEACHES — Also are unchanged: Choice are
quoted at 10@10«;c; extra choice, 10H®N>%c;
fancy ll^4@l2c. ...- Jo. \u25a0\u25a0 o. >,".*" . -r. \u25a0-:.
. RAISIXa— Are in light supply and rule firm
at | recent prices. Loose Muscatels are I quoted
at 4Si@oV»c; seeded raisins, -554® B%c; London
layers, fl@l 15.
X*w York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July ?.— -The London tin mar- i
ket was again higher, with spot closing at
£140 12a 64 and futures at £139 7s 6d. Lo
cally the demand appears to be small, but
holders- are firm in their : views : and spot is
quoted at $30 75@31 10. - ; \u0084 ",\ "
Copper showed little change either a thome
or -abroad.* London closed', at £06 2s 8d for
futures.. Locally, lake and electrolytic are
quoted at $15 and casting at $14 75.
Lead closed at £13 10s; or about 2s 6d lower
in London, but was steady locally at $4 50®
4 60. . ;\u25a0;-\u25a0:
Spelter was 5s higher at £24 2s 6d in Lon
don. The local market was unchanged at $5 30,
but seemed a little steadier in tone. \u25a0•'\u25a0_
Iron closed at 49s 4d in Glasgow and at 48s
6d ln'Mlddlesboro. - Locally iron remains unset
tled. No. 1 foundry, Northern, is quoted at
$16 25©>16 35; No. 2 do, $15 50@16; No. 1. do.
Southern," $12 25@15 75; No. 1 do, 1 soft, $15 25®
16; No. 2 do, $14 76@15 25. \u25a0 -
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, July 7.— Wet weather in the
Northwest imparted a strong . tone to the
wheat market here to-day. At the close
wheat for Sept-ember delivery was up 1%(g1%c.
Corn is up l%c. Oats show a gain of *£c.
Provisions are practically unchanged. -
WHEAT — The' wheat : market was strong
from start to finish. At the opening the Sep
tember option was up %@%c to %®Hc at
87c 'to 87 %o- Scattered showers throughout
the spring wheat belt formed the basis of the
initial strength. Other bullish influences were
at -hand, including' a moderate advance at
Liverpool resulting from decreased shipments)
from Argentina. I Attention of • traders in gen
eral, however, was attracted by renewed rains
in the Northwest. ' From the start shorts were
active buyers." Commission houses also bought
•freely. ' As trading- progressed ' demand be
came more urgent and the market developed
additional strength. The Increased aggres
siveness of buyers was due chiefly to a report
-made by a fit. Louis- trade -Journal claiming
that recent rains in the Southwest had delayed
thrashing over a large area ami that in many
sections as a result, of . wet weather wheat
had •. sprouted in the shocks. : Demand was
further augmented by fresh reports from : the
Northwest telling of damage by black rust.; In
September the highest point' of the day was
reached at 88% c. < The market closed strong
with i>rlcea well toward the top ' final quota
tions on September being at SBV4C Minneap
olis, Duluth and Chicago reported receipts of
110 cars against IUU cars last week and : 148
cars a year ago. " '\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0:.-\u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0 . •
Sentiment in the corn pit was again decided
ly bullish. The close was strong with prices
at almost the highest point of the day. Sep
tember opened %c to %a higher ;'at 55% c to
660. sold up to 58% c and closed at 56% c.
The oats market was firm. September opened
%c to %c higher at 31% c to 31 %c «old up to
319ic and elo*ed at 31% c \u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . .
Provisions were firm early and- later prices
eased off a trifle on '- profit-taking. I At ! the
close pork was up 2%c at $12 77%. Lard was
off 2%®5c at $7 2037 22%. Ribs, wer* a
shade lower at $7 77%. - . ,
. The leading futures 'ranged as follows: \u25a0 .
Articles. Open. \u25a0 High.: Low. . Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
July 89% t>l% ,89% 91H
S«ptember ..... 87>i 68% 87 ..- 88%
December ...... 87% 87% 87% SS%
Corn, No. 2—2 — . ' *•• ' : -
July, old 57% 57»4 57 5794
July new 57% 57% 56% , 57%
September, old. .56 '56% 55% 66%
September, new. r.r, ne% 5T.% ««%
December, new. 49% BO',V 43%, BO
' Oats. - No. 2—2 — •\u25a0\u25a0 - -••\u25a0
July.. 32? i 33% : 82% - 33%
September 31% . 3194 \u25a0 31% 31%
December ..:.. 32% 32% 32 32%
\u25a0 Mess pork, per bbl — :.- - • ...
July ...12 37% 12 57% 12 52% 12 B5
September . . . . .12 80 =\u25a012 80 1270 .12 77%
October • .... .12 80
Lard cer 100 lbs —
JuhT ......... 7 05 700 7 02% 705
SEDtember 730 730 7 17% 7 22%
October t35 735 7 27% 7 27%
Short ribs per -100 lbs—
July ;...... •••• 7 5i%
September 7 82% 7 82% 775 -7 77%
October 7 S3 7 85 7 80 7 82%
Caiih Grain- nnd_: Provisions.
CHICAGO. July 7.-^-Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
|T 12; No. 3, ?1 0801 12; No. 2 red, $1; No. 2
corn, 58%e; No. 2 yellow. 58 Me; No. 2
oats 33% c; ,No. 2 white, 34%©34% c; No. 3
white, 32^c: No. 2 ; rye, 33V4c; r good feeding
barley, 42@44c; fair to choice malting, 47@
40c- No. 1 flaxseed. $1 26; No. 1 Northwestern.
$1 44; prime timothy seed. $3 25@3 30; mess
pork per bbl. $12 53® 12 60; lard, per 100 lbs.
?7 02%@7 05; short ribs sides (loose), $7 55@
7 65; short clear sides (boxed), <7 75@7 87H;
whisky basis of high wines, $1^27; clover,
contract grade, $12 25@13. ' «*~^
Articles — \u25a0 ' v Recetpts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 28.900 - 22,900
Wheat bu 47,000 64,2ti0
Corn "bu 581,000 • 405,100
Oats." bu . . .*:. ......... . . .' 2.13.500 ' - 60,800
Barley bu 42,900
Butter, Cheese and Eftira.'
CHICAGO, July 7. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries, lC@l9*ic; dairies. 15@18c. Eggs
firm; at mark, cases Included/ 13c; firsts,
14% c; prime firsts, 16c; extras, 17% c. Cheese
easy at 914@10%c.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Chlcaaro.
- CHICAGO. July 7.— CATTLE— RecelptfT 4000.
Steady. Good to prime steers, $5 50@6 65; poor
to- medium, $3 80@5 30; stockers and - feeders,
$2 50@4 25; cows, $2 SO®:t 00; heifers, $2 40®
5 10; canners. $1 5032 90; bulls, $2@4 20;
calves. |!3@C 40. '
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 15,000; to-morrow,
10.000. Market s®loc higher. Mixed and
butchers, ?5 50@3 67%: good to choice heavy,
$5 60(ft5 70; rough heavy, *5 25C?5 50; light,
$5 50?T5 67%: bulk of sales, |5 60@5 70.
SHEEP — Receipts, 8000. Steady. - Good to
choice wethers, $3 75@5 50; fair to choice me
dium, $3 50<8>5; Weetern sheep,. |3 75®5 50; na
tive lambs, $4 50@8; Western lambs,. $4 Bo@
6 40. .-\u25a0 - : ."-.. n \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0- - : -\u25a0.- ,'\u25a0'.... "-:
Omaha.
OMAHA. July 7.— CATTLE— Receipts. SCOO.
Steady. Native : steers. '$3 50@6 60; cows and
heifers, S3 ®4 60; Western steers, $2 25@5:
canners $1 lo&2 R5;- stockers and. feeders, $3 50
#4 40; calves, $3@5 50; bulls and stags, $2 250
HOGS— Receipts. 7000. Steady/Heavy,
$5 2Q<&-5 27%; mixed, «3 22%®C 25; light. $5 25
05 35; pigs, f 4<gs; bulk ;of sales, $4 22 %©
SHEEP— Receipts', ' 1800. Strong. Western
lambs, f 5 50@5 60: wethers. SB 50@fl 60; West
ern. $5 40@5 50;; lambs,- $6 60@7 25.
'\. : Kanitao Cl^y.
KANBAS CITY,' July t.^CATTLE— Receipt*.
2000. Strong. Native steers, $4 25<g5 75; ra
tlve cows and heifers, $2 25^5 25; stockers and
feeders, r $3<?4 50; * bulls, $2 25(?4 ; calves, if $S@
: 5 60; ' Western ' fed : steers, $4 25@5 25 ;" Western
fed cows, $3@4 50. .„' ,/ , '. . *
\ HOGS— Receipts.' 5000/ Market s, 5c higher.-
Bulk of saleß, J5 40@6 45; heavy, "\u25a0 $5 37»4@
5 42%: packers. $5 40@5 45; pigs, and light.
"SHEEP — Receipts, 4000. Strong. Muttons,
$4 35®5 75; lambs, $5 75@T 40;- range jwethoru,
$4 75@5 60- fed ewes. (4 25@4 78.. \u25a0 :
wisCELiiANEOtJS \ MARKETS.
v Foreign \u25a0 Future*. \u25a0 ...... -\u25a0./\u25a0?';
LIVERPOOL. V/:^:,.
/Wheat— • July, V Sept. I Deo.
Opening ........... 6 10% is 10% 6 10ft
closing ............ c iih; e.io% . c io#
' " PARIS.- . v ": : " ' v.-T.
. Wheat — \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 July. Nov.-F«b.
Opening-.'.. .'.....••\u25a0•••••«• 24 10 . . 22 (30
Closing 24 20 22 70:
Flour— :'\u25a0\u25a0-'.' ";"\u25a0 . .: ' . -, ' • "•\u25a0\u25a0
Opening..... "251° -• ?0 00 -
C10e1ng....;... .;••••••••••• 30,80 -;r; r 5q oo
A- : ''St.* l^ul«Ww>l Market. \u0084
ST.- LOUIS. July';, 7.— -WOOL— Steady; me
dium H grades ~ combing :, and clothing, 26!g28c ;
light fine, 21027 c; heavy One, 18©22 c; tub
washed; 82042 c: _A^£__i___:
; Northern j .Wheat Ma fleet. :
.*\u25a0 r "\ 7 OREGON. *v ; ' . \u25a0:• '%jrH
• PORTLAND, 'July > 7.— Wheat for export-
Club 82@S3c ; bluestem,'; 88@89c. - ••;
. '- ; _WASHiNQTON:>
TACOMA, July 7.rr Wheat. ;- unchanged; blue
stem.; 88c; club. S2c 5 -V : ' " -
Northern Business. .
' POttTLAND.VjUIy T.^-Cieartngs, $867,753;
balances. $120,341. :.;\u25a0 •> - -f -
,i TACOMA.' July T.-^earingi, 1151,680; bal
ances, i 547,065- ' '.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 y-V- '\u25a0 -'''*' '\u25a0'-"\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0;>::•.
; SEATTLE, July 7.— Rearing*,* $$46,201; bal
ances,'s2sB,4B2. >-• --"\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 :,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ••\u25a0\u25a0:- -!.:• '.'A:*-
.-, SPOK ANE.'. July V T.—Oe*rtng«,. 1521,431 ;. bal
ances, $75.223. v - /
•' .'; LOCAL} MARKETS.
Excknnge and BnlUoa. - '
.''".,- .-:'.', - f "^ : .' ; LOCAI* '^ '"':V''' \u25a0> >*&
Sterling! Exchange, '\u25a0\u25a0 1 sixty % days., ,/ — : 04 854
Sterling \u25a0\u25a0 Exchange.' sight . . . .V. —- ©4 87%
Bterllngj Exchange, •> cables \u25a0'.':. : ~..y, —^ ©488*4
NeW *Yorlc ? Exchange, * sight. .; r." ; — ;, © '.- 07%
Family Retail Market.
Prices of fresh 1 Fruits show considerable re
vision this week" generally In. the direction" ot
higher prices. B The 'hot waye has wrought
much damage to the growing . crops as-we.ll as
causing an increased \u25a0• consumptive demand,
hence, the > higher 'prices^ - •• : " - \u25a0•/'"•
. ; There i have been no noteworthy changes ' In
other..' lines aince last week..
COAL; PER TON— '-\u25a0
Wellington ..|— @lo 00 New--"- - •
Seattle ...V.s—@ 850 WeUington .s— ©lo 00
Roslyn . . . . . IS— @ 900 Wellington
Richmond ...S — @10 00 Nut $— @ 800
Coos <Bay . . s— @ 7 SO
.DAIRY, PRODUCE, ETC.—
Butter, cholce,sq.4o®4st Cheese, Swiss ...25(335
;'- Do good- ...35i0:n^4|Eggs, per d0a.22^@25
Cheese. Cal ... .15®20 Honey comb, lb.— @ls
Cheese.>Eastern.2o@2s! Do extracted... BSIO
POULTRY AND, GAME— * , '
Hens, largev' '"-"'"• I Turkeys, per lb. — 030
each .i..h.;.75c<3:5l Ducks, each 75c©$l
Do I small ... .5C®O5 Geese, each. . . .s•-•« 2 ' 25
Young Roosters, -'' Goslings $2@2 50
. each ......... 75cS*l< Pigeons, pair. . . ; .— §30
Old Roosters, ea 50@65[ Squabs, per palr.4oQso
Frjers each.. ..60@75| Rabbits, each.'... — 023
Broilers, : each . : .25Qi40t Hare, each —#23
MEATS. PER POUNDS : .
Roiastßeef— ; " \u25a0 - (Mutton Chops....— ©ls
Choice cuts ...15@20j Pork, Chop* ....— <jls
•"• Do plain ...IOOI2H Veal Cutlet* "....lßQlS
Roast Veal ...12^@16 Corned Beef .... 6# 8
Roast Pork .. \u008415(g!18 Beef Stew;. .60 8
Foreqtr Lamb.-— @l2ty Mutton Stew .... 5« 8
Hlndqtr Lamb...— @15 Veal Stew ....10@liV4
Foreqtr Mutton.. B@lo|Soup Meat ... 6© 7
Leg Mutton ....—^lo; Soup Bones ..... 4$> —
Tndrloln Steak.l2%(glsiHams ....:...'. ..154H6
Porterhse Steak.lB@2o Bacon ........... .15(820
Sirloin Steak. .12V4015 Pork Sausage. .12^015
Round Steak... 10®12Vj Chipped Beef ..20€i—
Lamb Chops 13®2u|Lard ........... 12%©—
. FRUITS AND NUTS— .
Alllgtr Pear3,ea.3s@so Limes, doi 15©20
Almonds ,'. . . . .... 1u@20 Loganberries, .
Apples '•.'...... ;.. 4@ 6 drawer •-...-... — 030
Apricots, lb ."::..\u25a0 3<S 5 Oranges, dozen —
Blackbrries drw.:JC@.ls Fancy ....... AO'S'S
Cherries, lb ....15@25 Common 20@25
Currants. drwr.".oo<nCs Peaches, lb B#lo
Cantaloupes ea.. s@ls|Plums, ilb sqp 6
Pecans — @20; PlneaDples, each..2s#3O
Brazil Nuts . . . . .20®— | Pears. \u25a0lb 4@ 6
Bananas, doz . .25@35 Raisins, lb IC@l5
Cocoanuts. each.. 6@lo Raspbrries. drwr.3o«so
Figs, dried lb.. e®lo Strawbrriee. dwr.3o@3o
Do fresh, lb. .15®20 Tangerines, doz.. — <R25
Grape Fruit, dz.soc@st Walnuts, per 1b,15®20
Grapes, lb 12V.<ffilR Watermelons, ea.35@50
Lemons, doa-. . .30@40
VEGETABLES— , " v- t <>;
Asparagus,-, 1b... 8015 Mushrooms • 1b...— @75
Artichokes, d0z.. 40@75 Onions, per lb... — @ 2
Beets, dozen ... .lf»@— Okra dried, 1b.. 20®—
Beans, white, lb. G® — Potatoes., per lb. 2© 3
Colored, per lb. 6® 8 Parsnips, per dz.l«*i@2o
Dried Lima, lb.— o 8 Rhubarb lb .... 3® 5
Cabbage, each... 5010 Radishes dz brh.ir.o2o
Celery, head 5(^10 Sage, dz bnches.2sitf—
Cress, dg bunch.ls® — String Beans, lb. — @ 3
Cucumbers, doz.. 10^15 Summer Squash.
Garlic S@lo per lb ........— 0 3
Green Pepper«.lb.ls@2o Sprouts, per lb..— @ —
Green Corn ' doz. 15@25 Spinach. . per lb..— @ 5
Dried Pepperf»...lO«2o Sweet Potatoes lb. — @ 2
Egg Plant* lb. . . — @15 Thyme,' dz bnchs.—^23
Green Peas, lb.. 3® 51 Turnips, per doz. — ®15
Lettuce, per doz. ls®2ol Tomatoes, lb ....20^23
Leeks, dz bnch. — (gls|
FISH. PER POUND—
Barracouta' . '. ... — ®ls|Rockcod • .—Ol5. — 015
Black Bass .....— @2s Sea Bass. — @15
Carp — @12^|Smelts ; . . — ©15
Catfish ..1216015; Soles — ©10
Codfish — 0-12^ Skates, each ....10$—
Flounders .... — @12ii Squid — @12U
Halibut ..15@— Tomcod 10©l2ii
Herring — & — Turbot 250—
Mackerel 1D@ — Trout — ®75
Do horse ..r.l2W@— TVhiteflsh • 10®—
Rockttsh ........ — @15 Clams gallon 600—
Salmon, fresh —015 .Do hardshell lb B®lo'
Do smoked — 4?23 Crawfish, per * lb. — 0 —
Salmon Trout — «Mo; Crabs. each ..12V4®25
Sardines — (? — 1 Mussels, lb :... 12^4015'
Bhad ........ . .— <pl2m Oysters. Cal. , 100.40030
Striped Bass — «15! . Do EasteYrt dz. 30040
Perch ..— ©lo| . '
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ® 10
Silver, per ounce... 5S%@ —
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...... 43 © 47%
. INTERNATIONAL.
;. New York on Paris 5.15%
-New York on .Mexico ..202
Paris on London .: 23.13%
Berlin on London ; 20.47
Wheat and Other Grains.
-.WHEAT—^Liverpool futures were firm and
Paris futures lower. ', Chicago advanced l%c.
This market was very strong and futures were
excited and active arau. advance of "%c. The
feeling is bullish, as the Wheat is not coming
in cb expected 'and the crop Is not turning
out up to anticipations. There are also in
creasing reports of black rust spreading in
Southwestern Minnesota. >
: The cash grain rules firm and Quotations
show some advance. _ : <-i yu . ; -
CASH WHEAT (OLD) 7
-California Club, "fl 47%@1 55; California
; White Australian. $1 «H*£i>l <!5: ' Northern
Club $1 50® 1 55 r Northern Bluestem,- $1 62%"
',"©1 65; Northern Red, Jl 5C®l 5H4 per ctl;
lower grades of Wheat, %\ 3O©l 45 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
. Open. High. Low. Clos».
December .. .$1 43Vi ?1 45?4 %\ 43 $1 45*4
2 p. m. session. . ' - :
Open. Hlsh: Low. Clo*«>.
December ...$1 46 $1 46% %\ 46 $1 46
BARLEY — There was another advance yes
terday, both In futures and the cash grain. A 1
sale of No. 1 Feed to arrive at 97% c was re- ;
i ported and a lot of poor river Barley on the .
spot went at the same- price. Spot Feed has
become' very scarce and the I demand for It is
urgent,- and a choice lot would have brought
(1 yesterday had there been any such obtain
able.
Futures were excited and higher.- with the
feeling very bullish owing to the, less favorable
reports from the threshins>iil&chlnes and the
slowness with which tb**graln is coming for
ward this year. '^x**^-*;. \u25a0 \u25a0
: : joXsh barley.
Feed, 95g<fil;"old Brewing. $1 27%<fi>l 35;
Chevaliarrnew, $I@l 10 per ctl.
.-. :. FUTURES. . , •
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. .
4r' \u25a0 ' Open. -High. Low. Cose.
December... 91 T4 92% 91% ."82%
Seller yr.new 92 .92 92 \u25a092
\u25a0 i- p. m: session.
Open. High. Low. ; Clnse.
December ... 94V4 94% 94 94
Seller year new — 92%casked.
OTS— The '. trade report a scarcity of choice
goods, though there are liberal offerings of
common and inferior lots. The- market for
the upper grades is firm at the advance noted
yesterday. Receipts are moderate.
Red. $1 27*%©1 30 for fancy, $1 20@l> 25 for
good to choice and H 12»/i®l 17% for com
mon. No other descriptions offering
CORN— There is no further change to report,
the market being steady with a fair demand.
Western sacked. $1 37%@1 40 for Yellow,
$1 37%@1 40 -for < White and f 1 35@1 37% for
Mixed; California, large Yellow. $1 40@l 45:
small round fio, $1 47%01 50; White. $1 37%0
1 40; Egyptian. $1 40@l 50 for White and
$1 :?i.?("l 4ir for Brown. : '
RYE — Inactive. and .easy at $1 40@l 50 per
ctl; according to quality.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75(02 25 per ctl. with the
top figure for: seed lots.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.' ;
r FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 800
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. -$4 70{?5;
Oregon and \u25a0 Washington. Jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl. , \u25a0 . " . ' • - . .
• FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices In packages
are as: follows: Graham. Flour, $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour, $3 75 (in-^barrels- $4 75) -, Rye
Meal $3 50 (in barrels. $4 CO); Rice Flouh
$B; : Corn* Meal.'-' $2 50; extra cream do,' *3 75;
Oat Meal.- $4 25@4 50;' Oat - Groats, : $4 50,
Hcminy ??3 7C@4; Buckwheat - Flour, $1 50®
4 75: Cracked Wheat, $3,75;^ Farina, ** 50;
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60 : Rolled Oats, bbls.
SO 50@7 50; In sacks. $C©7; Pearl Barley, $0;
Split Peas, boxes, ?5 60; Green Peas, $5 60 per
l<so:lbs.:-. \u25a0:.\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - - : ' j -\u25a0-:"' , . : :
Hay nndVFeedstuffa.
The upper grades of Hay are rather firm
.than otherwise, "though ;: the •>: extremely hot
weather \u25a0 renders this market dull' at the mo-,
ment. • JThe , heat in the > Interior, is so intense
that* In -some, important districts Hay teams
and ' presses v are " being : knocked . off • until the
weather gets pooler. This may affect receipts
In '\u25a0 the f. Immediate \u25a0 future, In ,- which > case the .
market will continue steady. : ,
•Bran and Middlings are reported firm and in
large - demand,' though prices show no change.
BRAN— S2I 60@22 50 per ton. ; -
, MIDDLINGS— S2S 60ig28 50 per ton. .
.4 RHORTS-^J23®24 per ton. . ' . w \u25a0'• -
. FEEDSTUFFB — Rolled - Barley^ $21!§22;
Oilcake Meal at the mill,' s33 GGQ.'M 50; jobbing,
$33; Cocoanut Cake at mil). $22^22 60; jobbing,
$23; Cocoanut Meal at mill, J22Q22 50;* jobbing,
$23;'- Corn Meal. $30 50®31 50; Cracked • Corn.
$31®32; Mixed Feed. ?22 6C©24; Horse Beans.
$30®40 per ten; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl;
Calfalfa Meal, > carload lots, $21; jobbing, $22 50
per ton: Mealfalfa,* $13 in car - lots and y $20
for smaller quantities. ."'.
HAY— Old -crop— Wheat. $IC@l4; Wheat
and Oat.-- $9@13 : Oat. : $S©l2 ; v Barley and
Oat, " $S@lo 50; Volunteer - Wild -.: Oat. $74f'.);
stable, » ?f 50©f) : stock/ f 3 50®7 60; Clover, t $7@
1 10; 'Alfalfa, $7@lOper ton.- r New crop— ?3Sji>
for "Wild 5 Oafi'SS'Sll.' for iSownV Oat, ' $S@l4
for -Wheat ' and #B@l2 * for Wheat and \u25a0 Oat;
Alfalfa, $«ig9. ",-'
STRAW— 3O® SOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
-Lima Beans. 1 areTrsportedias.i'howiiig more
tone owing to the- fact that moat. of the crops
*tn-< the early "districts have" been \u25a0\u25a0;. contracted
for '" already, t ..' For '\u25a0' September-OctotJ?r * delivery
operators 'are now * quoting $3 25©3 50, though
business ' earlier \u25a0"! in *\u25a0 the \u25a0 . season -. was done at
$3 76."? Otherwise „' there .is nothing new • to
"bEANS— Bayos, $3 80@4; Pea. $3@3 BO: But
ter, Hs2 60©4 ; - small .- White," $3 25®3 75 ; a large
"White, Is 2 50&2 90: • Pink, $1 50®2 50 for I fair
to \u25a0 good \u25a0- and .$3 25<3'1 75 - for ' choice ; \u25a0 seed . lota
' af e --" quoted "Up:•to -. $4 ; -; Red, V- $3 50@7 ; : Lima,
$5 70@© 75 ; ! Red -i Kidneys. ' $3ffN BO; • Blackeyes,
|3@3-15 i per ctl;.' Horse i Beans. $1 25®2.'. * :
;s-BEEDB— -Brown rMustard.v nominal; Yellow
bustard, < nominal ; * Flax, . (2 25® 2 75 ; .. Canary,
6%c: Alfalfa, - 10@llc I for ; California' and i 120
ISO , for Utah ; : Rape.T 2?i<B'U%c; "Timothy; nomi-
nal; Hemp.-, B>4o per' lb; iflUet. 2?4©3%c;
Broom Corn Seed. |20@2l per ton. *\u25a0-:--•* - x
DRIED PEAS— NHea, $2ff2 23; Green Peat,
$150Ga'per ctl. :". *
Poditoei, Onions and Vegetables.
. Digging operations - jure practically at *
standstill In; Potato growing districts as a
result '\u25a0 of tbe continued bot i weather, and re
ceipts in I this market are light " in consequence.
The 'best' 5 offerings of .Whites are meeting with
prompt sale at firm prices, -but \u25a0 sun-damaged
stock, which . U in free supply. Is practically
unsalable. There' is a good snipping demand
for yellow Oniona and they rule firm at btgber
rates, while red continue to drag at low prices.
Most - descriptions of vegetables are showing
the effect* af the hot wave, being either sun
cooked or overheated.- Cucumbers and Toma
toes are the only descriptions -wanted at the
moment, all - other kinds being extremely dull
and weak.- Yesterday's arrivals of Green 1 Corn
were fully 3000 packages and prices declined
sharply One well-known brand of crated
stock still commands th» outside quotation, but
for "ordinary offerings f 1 23 . was an I extreme
figure. Old "stock in sacks was pressed for
•ale at 15®23c per sack, but found no buyers.
POTATOES— New— EarIy Rose. 6&9"5 c per
cU;. White, in baxtt, 80c(g*l 23 per etlj do.
sacks. 60®550 ptr -, fltlj Garnet Chiles, 70@S0c
P«T Ctl.
ONIONS— Red, - 40575e P« 8»ek: yellow.
$1 3(X@l 40 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Asparagu*. 3®3c per lb:
Green Peas. .sl<Bl 50. per sack; String, and
Wax Beans, lQl^c per lb; Tomatoes, small
boxes and crates, $1806175: large boxrs.
$3©: i 00: Summer Squash 50<830c per box; Cu
cumbers^ $l@l 25 per box lor bay and Hs'<i-Cc
for river; Cabbago, 50c per ctl: Carrots. TScS^l
per sack; Garlic, 2%@3a per lb; Eggr Plant. 6c
per lb: Dried Peppers, 10©12%0 for sun-dried
and 13914 c per lb for evaporated: Green P*3
per». 10c per : lb: Green Okra. 15®20c-per lb:
Green Corn, 4OSTSc per sack and |I@l 73per
crate. . : \u25a0
Poultry and Game.
In the Poultry' market young Chickens con
tinued firm under light receipts and a gool
demand and young Roosters. Fryers and Broil*
ers were higher. There was no Improvement
in the demand for old Chickens, Ducks. Gees*
or Pigeons, and low and - Irregular prices still
ruled for those descriptions. Th~ excessive
heat rendered Hare and Rabbits unfit for food,
and all of the receipts had to be thrown away.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lU«20o per lb lor
old and 24823c \u25a0 for young; Geese, per pair,
$1 25<&1 SO; Goslings.. $1 23@1 73; Ducks, ' $49
$4 50 p«r dozen for Old . and $3 50@4 50 for
young; Hens. $4@4 60 for small and $si@tf for
large; young Roosters, $6 Co@7 60; old Roos
ter*. $4@4 50; Fryers. $4®4 60; Broilers, $i*o
2 60 for small and' s3B3 50 for large; Pigeons,
$1 25®1 50: Squabs, $1 50. . • .
GAME— Nominal. ;
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The protracted heated term Is very dam
aging to the condition of. Butter, which .con
tinues to arrive soft and out of - shape. . This
renders fancy hard Butter ' very firm tor. the
moment, and such goods are commanding a
premium over the top quotation. With cooler
weather the market will probably resume Its
normal condition. . • ' . ' . .
Supplies of Cheese continue excessive and
the market Is ' depressed and slowly declining.
Fine ranch Eggs aro doing - better, being in
lighter supply, but the medium and lower
grades are still plentiful and dull at previous
quotations.
Receipts were 92,100 lbs Butter, 1122 cases
Eggs and 98,900 lbs Cheese. '
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 190 for
extras and 18#lS%c for lower and medium
grides: dairy, 17ftl8%c; cold storage, nominal;
Store Butter. 16017 c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. D€9%o: fair to
good. 8V»c : Young Americas. 10%@llc: East,
em. 14<gl5c per lb. - .
EGGS — Ranch, 20@21c for large white se
lected and ISIJIOc for fair to good; store Eggs,
10@17%c: Eastern firsts, 18c; seconds, 13%0
17c per dozen.
Occldnoni* and- Cltrusj Frnlt*.
. The long spell of excessively hot weather
has wrought • havoc to the crops of deciduous
fruits and berries in all sections of .the State,
and, as a result there is. a scarcity of strictly
fancy fruit in the local market. Yesterday's
receipts showed a marked falling off and In
cluded much sun-scorched and overripe . stock.
Peaches were in extremely light supply and
much higher, and firmer prices ruled for
Plums. Prunes and loose Apricots. Apricots
in crates showed no Improvement, as tb« trade
was running largely on bulk stock. All the
othet- tree \u25a0 fruits were firm, particularly Figs,
which were in limited supply. Price* of sev
eral descriptions may go higher to-day, as the
Puget Sound steamer U scheduled to sail, and
there will In all probability be a scarcity of
good j shipping stock. Melons and Citrus
fruits . continued active, but supplies of the
former were too heavy to admit of much im
provement ' in prices. There ' was quits ! a
boom In Citrus -fruits .and prices of fancy
Lemons and Mexican Limes advanced »?.arply.
STRAWBERRIES— Per chest. Longwortfta.
$2 f>OS?5; Urg* varieties, $2 60@4. - - •
RASPBERRIES— Per chest. $2 50© t./ . .
. ! LOGANBERRIES— S2 50«3 60 pet Ch«tt.
BLACKBERRIES— S2 50©4 per chest* for
choice and $1 25@2 for ordinary.
HUCKLEBERRIES— I2Hc per lb.
\u0084 CURRANTS— *4IJa. per chest, i.. -— . '..-
APPLE&— *ISI 3S per box for fancy, 750
9Cc for . good to choice and 40<363c for com
mon. ' ' '.
APRICOTS — Crates. 50®60c: small boxes. 30
O50c; in bulk f 2041 30 per ton.
PEACHES— SmaII boxes. K5«?»0c: carriers,
$I®l 25; large boxes, SI 25-31 75
- PEARS— Bartletts. ?1 7502 per box for No.
1 and •'.'\u25a0cQJl for No. 2; Dearborn Seedllnsrs.
75cS$l r>o per box. "
PLUMS AND PRUNES— SmaII boxes and
crates. 40®75c; large boxe*. *lj?-l 25.
NECTARINES— SmaII boxes and crates, 750
©$1 for Red. and 50®60c for White.
\u25a0FIGS— Per box, G3c«*l. •
MELONS — Cantaloupes, per , crate, small.
Ss@soc: medium. St 25®1 50; large, fl 73®
2 60; Watermelons, $2@3 50 per dozen.
GRAPE3— *I©I 25 j>*r Crate. ,
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. Navels. *3®
3 50; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 25®2; Valen
cias. »3 60(54; St. Michaels, |1 75©a 25: Lem
ons. $3 50Q5 for fancy. $3@3 25 for Choice and
$2 50©2 75 for standard; Grape Fruit. $1 50®
2 50; Mexican Limes. $o®7 per case;
Bananas, $2 50tf3 per bunch tor Central Amer
ican and SIS 1 . 75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples.
$1 50&2- 50. per. dozen. . ,
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Ralslos aad Honey.
FRUlTS— Apricots," 6%igSc for new "crop
RojaU and - 11%®12%c r for • Moorparks.
future "d«UVery; Peaches, new crop,' 5%@
60 tor standards, V'j-tiUc - for - choice. S^-'tf
6%c for extra choice . and 6%@7%c
for Fancy; Pears, old. 7911 c: Plums,
nominal; new Evaporated Apples, 6%5j70 per
pound. • . ~ . \u25a0 " \u25ba
PRUNES— OId crop. 2@2%c per lb for the
fout sizes and 2*4 ®3c basis (or the large sizes.
No definite new crop quotations yet. Most
growers refuse to sell under 3c.
RAISINS— I9O4 crop f.-o. b. Fresno— D«h«sa
clusters, SI 35^1 40; London Layers, \u25a0 85@9Cc ;
Loose Muscatels,' 4-crown, 4%@5c; 3-crown.
43>4%c;- 2'crown. 2?4®3c; Seedless, 83«Hc;
Thompson's Seedless. 4i4@4%c; Seedless Sul
tanas, unbleached; 2% ®3c per lb.
" NUTS— Walnuts, - No. 1 softshell. 12813 c:
No. , 2, lu(& He: Xo. 1 hardshell, 12c; No. 'I.
10c; Almonds, r ltiij 17c for Nonpareils. 13«ilt5c
for I X L and Ne Plus Ultra: and. ll@l2c for
Languedoc; Peanuts. a@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans,' ll®13c: Cocoanuts, $4 50G3. ...
HONEY — Comb, 11@12%c for white and 9@
10c ''or amber: water white extracted. 5%@
o%c; light amber extracted. 5@3%c; dark, Stf
4}60.- 1 • - - - . / -
• BEESWAX— 27O2Oc per lb. • f
Provisions.
\u25a0 The < market continues dull and featureless .
at unchanged quotations. • • . * -\u25a0
CURED MEATS— Hacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy. 11 »4 6 12e for light medium. 13c for light,
13% c for extra: light and 15%@16%c for sugar
cured; dry Salt Hides, 9 %c; Bellies, lie: East
ern sugar-cured "Hams. 13%514Ke; Cailfor
nla-llami»,l2%c; Mess - Beef.*. $10 per bbl:
extra -Mess. $10 50yil; -Family, -$12; ; ptlme
Mess ' Pork. fsl4 50: extra clear, $21; Mess.
$16 50; Pig Pork, $24; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef. • 15c per lb. *«e^teSßae« _r^a>.
: LARD— Tierces quoted at B%c ' per ' lb ' for
California" compound. 7c for ' Eastern compound
and 9 Ho. for pure: half -barrels, pure, . 10% c;
10-lb tins, 10% c; S-lb , tins, 10-Sc; 3-lb. . tins.
10?ic.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%o: thre<»
halt^ barrels; B%e; one tierce. 8c; two tierces.
7 ftcr- five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Ultles. Tallovr. Wool and Hops.
- HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about %6lc under quotations. Heavy. SalteU
-Steers,'' ll%c; medium, ,11c: light. He; Cow
Hid-s, 10% c.-, for • h<»avy ' and 10c ; tor , light;
Stags 8c: Salted Kip, 10% c; Salted Veal. ll%c;
: Salted Calf. a2%c: dry Hides. 19c; dry Kip.
16Vlc; dry Calf. 21f?22c: Sheepskins. Shearings
33&5 cc each; short Wool, COtiOOc each; medium
90c(g$l 25; Long^JVool. $1 25«2: Horse -Hides,
salt. \u25a0 $3 25 for large 1 and' $3 75 for medium.
$1 75<82 25' for small and. soc for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 7552/ for " large • and $1 50 for
medium, II for. small. and 50c for Colts."" Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican,* 30c; dry salted Mexican.
25c; dry Central "American, 30c. Gcat Skins-
Prime • Angoras, i ; 75c: extra • large do. $1 25;
larKe. 50c; medium,: soc :.smaU. 35c. . .
V TALLOW — No.^l- rendered, 3^431%c per lb;
No. 2.^ 3®3%c: Grease. 2fi2%c. % .
- '. WOOLj-Sprtn* * clip— Humboldt . and' M>ndo
clno, * 28©30 c.':. ': *-Fall v clip— San Joaquln Lambs,
free, - 19ti21c: f do. 1 defective." 17®20c per lb.
S> HOPS— I9O4 crop, • 18® 20c per lb; 19C5 crop.
i6c. .\u25a0 ;.. -\u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0'.'.-- -'- \u25a0
\3leat Market.
The demand'; and- supply' about balance -In
all kinds and 'prices "• show no change. ••• Tht
hot -weather Is affecting; the local trade some
what .by reducing the demand, which Is ntver
large during ' midaummer.'WQMSßKßClßnßKCd
) '*:;\u25a0'. DRESSED [ MEATS. : \u25a0'
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are an follows:' • . \u25a0 '•
? BEEF— S6S%c for Steers and 3%94%e per
'lb • for • Cows. --*\u25a0\u25a0::"\u25a0 '- \u25a0'\u25a0
~- VEAL— Large, 6©7 c: small. 7«JS%c perlb.
"MUTTON— Wethers. 6®7c; Ewes, s©«%e
per.lb. \u25a0-\u25a0'•*:\u25a0 - ">_^^_N___|_Ml" > _^^_N___|_MI
', LAMB^B39c per lb. ' v
I>• PORK— Dressed ; Hogs. ; 6%i99c ( per lb,
! /. ; .:,, : LIVESTOCK MARKET.
.The following quotations are 'for good, sound
\u25a0 Livestock,': delivered in San Francisco, la S3 '409
45 pcr r cent shrinkage for Cattle : ..'»_Mb|M
'\u25a0' CATTLE— Ste«ra^ 7U©7%C;^Cows and Heif
ers, '5ViS<H4c; thin"? Cows. 4gso; per lb.
AUCTION SALES
At* Auction
. —ox— ,
Monday, July 10, at Uio'clocK
At the INTERNATIONAL" HORSB MARKET.
Twelfth and Harrison sts.. I win sell 100 head,
of broken and unbroken horses from 4 to>7'year»
old. weighing from 900 to 1400 pounds. Intend-
ing purchasers should come and look this stoc't
over, as they ar» of the gilt-edge order and
must and will be sold to th# highest bidder,
fi. WATKIX3. Auctioneer.
CALVES— 4©4%o per lb fgrroas weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%©3% c; Ewes. 393^9
per lb (gross weight). • ! "
LAMBS— S2 30Q3 73 per head. .
HOGS— Live Hcga. 130 to 200 lbs. BKO<e:
over 200 lbs. 5%-3e*ic;- Feed«r«. nominal; dow».
20 ' per cent oft; Boars. 00 per cent off. ana
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
General .Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. "37V4e; Wool Bags. 27©
31c; Fleece Twine. 7«c; Fruit Bags, efc®7c
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton: New Wel
lington. $3; Seattle, $0 SO: Bryant. $9 50:
Beaver HID. $3 50; Roslyn. $7; Cook Bay, |5 50;
Richmond. $8; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in racks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Ess.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg.. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50: Cannet. $» per ton; Coke. $11 50*913 per
ton in bulk and $15 In sacks: Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $s SO per short ton.
OlLS— Quotations are for barrels; for 'cases
add sc. Linseed. 62c per gallon for bollad and
60c for raw: Castor Oil. in cases. No. I.' 70o;
Bakers* AA, cases. $1 Hg.l 18; Lucol. 54c for
boiled and S2c for raw; China Nut. cases, 65<9
80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 580
for Ceylon and 65c for Australian: extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 57c: natural Whale Oil, 52a; extra winter
strained Lard OH. 73c: No. 1 Lard Oil. 6Sc;
pure Neatafoot Oil. 730; No. 1 \u25a0 Nmtsfoot Oil,
63c; light Herring Oil, 42c: dark Herring Oil,
40c; Salmon Oil, 34c; balled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c. ' •
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water Whlta
Coal Oil. In bulk, lie; Pearl Oil, In cases.
It Vie; Astral. 17»$c: Star, ITHc: Extra. Star.
20Hc: Elaine. 28o: Eocene. 19 Uc: Stove Gaso
line. In bulk. H',jc: In cases.' 2lc: Motor Gas
oline, In bulk. 14>4c; In caovs. 21c: No. 1 En
ftn* Distillate, iron barrels or drums,. 8c; No.
do. BHc; cases. 6^jc more; Benzine, in bulk.
12ttc: In cases. 19c: 86-desre* Gasoline, In
bulk. 23c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — Mo per gallon In eases and
80c In drama and iron barrels. . \u25a0 • - ••
RED AND WHITE LEAD^-Red Lead. 7%9
8o per lb; Whits Lead, IHsSSe.' according to
quantity. - ' ' \
SUO AR — The Western Sugar Refinlns Com
pany quotes aa follows per lb. In 10Mb baxs:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fln» Crushed. -3.30 c:
Powdered. 5.13 c; Candy Granulated. 5.13 c: Ery
Granulated. On*. 5.03 c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 03o: Fruit Qranulated. i.ORc; Beet Granu
lated <100-lb bag» only). 4.930: Confectioners'
A. 5.08 c: Magnolia A. 4.65 c: Extra C •* 83c;
Golden C, 4.43 c: "D." 4.35 c; barrels. 10« mor»:
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more: SO-lt>
bags, 100 more for all kind*. Tablet*— Half
barrels. 8.65 c: boxes. 5.80 c: H. .A E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.05 c per lb. No order taken <or less
than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Prodnee. -
FOB FRIDAY, JULY T.
Flour.' qrsks... lS. TO! Hay ten* 3**
Wheat, ctls .... 547 W001. bale» ..... 19;>
Barley ctla .... 8, 174 1 Screenings sk»... 30i>
Oats ctls .. 1,775! Feed, sks >. S»
Corn CW«st>. ctls 60<M Leather, rolls ... U
Tallow otls .... 217 Hides. No BO«
Quicksilver, flslw -"M Pelts. Ml» ...... 1.67 ft
Beans, *ks 500 Lime. bbU , 22«
Potatoes, sks ... 4,133 Sugar, ctls 1.20rt
Onions, sks ..... «8» Brandy. »al« .... 2Srt
Bran, sks fiOi^Wine. gals 83,130
Middlings. Ska . . 540|
STOCK MARKET.
All Classes of Stock* Dull, With Few
Fluctuations.
• There was a moderate business of $53,000 in
bonds on the Bond Exchange yesterday, but
shares were dulL Bids for Alaska Packers de
clined to $SB. against sales at $91 the day be
fore. Oceanic sold at |7 25®5 50, and there
was a sale of Bank of California at ?423. Th«
following were ex-dlvldend under the rule:
First National Ban*. $5: Marln County Water.
Th« Tonopah mining stocks were dull, with
quotations practically unchanged. ","«~» ,
Semi-annual interest amounting to $41,220 Is
now payable on the 6 per cent bonds of 191S or
the Oakland Transit Company.
The Maple Creek Gold Mining Company of
Trinity County has levied an assessment of 10
cents per shar«n delinquent August 1.
The following dividends will b« payable
en the 13th: Presidio and Ferries Railroad
Company, a regular monthly of 20 C«»ts; Fort
Costa Water Company, a regular monthly of 0.0
cents; the California Safs De posit and Truit
Company, a regular quarterly of $1 50; the
Makawell Sugar Company, a regular monthly
of 40 cents. _________
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Jnlr T— 2 p. m.
L'NITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask 4 IBM- ,Ask.
4s qr coup.. — IC4V4i4s qr cp new.l 32 133J,
49 qr reg...104 104*41 3s qr coup... 104 IMVi
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. .
Ca O*Bl \u25a0 P E Ry 55..103%109^
Catsf 9 :i?i- 4 2* ?i^S-&i35«. =
C C Wat fc.100% - P«= O R t0.11©.--
Fdl> & P 65.124 — r Powell-«t os.— -— -
FA C H 6s Ilk -\ Sac EGARSs 107 '108
Gearv-st ss. 50 —^ SF & 5JV35.120J4121
Do 8s .7..108 — Sierra R 65..—, 112^
Hon R T 65.105H — S Po« A- to
_a«S&= «~ ' 1^:::^= '
|_£i%a_S?= iffi::-:;^m %
Do l«n 55.115 — SPClcg Sf-J^ — '
MV& MtTSa 105 110 Do stampd.lOSH —
Nft of C ea-103 — 3P B R «»-l^., —
Do 5a . . -119 — 3 V Wat 6s-103* + —
NP C R 55.104H — • D»j> SS- I^.? ~
N C Ry 35.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 99% —
NC P C 3s. — 88tf Dot m«4s »T —
\u25a0OO LAH B«.1C8?b — Stkn OAE6s. 93 —
dS con 59:i09^110>4l5 9 :i09^110>4l Val Co P 3..102H102*
'*. WATER STOCK 3.
Contra Costa 42 42«|Port Costa... — «»
Marln Ca.*r. 55 — IS V Wat Co. 87?* 37 14
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Mutual EL.— .12% Srkn Q*B. — 5
\ TNSURANCB. '
Flrt_fs Fnd.325 — I
'BANK BTOCK9.
Am Ntl 8k..127%133 LP *_ A ;-"— 122
Anglo-Cal .. 87% - Mer Trust..;, j- 130
Bank cf CaL423 — Merch Ex.... 83 —
Cal Safe Dp.153% - S F National - -
Frst Nationl.32o 338
SAVINGS BANK 3.
Ger 8 & L.2320 — Say A LSo..- 1»
S FSav U. 637% -- •- >- : -" - \u25a0-'* *l
;I i- STREET RAIUIOAD3.
California ..210 — I Presidio ..... 40. —
Geary — 40 J ,
POWDER. • .
Hawaiian C.B3H — I Makawell "C.. 34 »£
Honokaa 8 C 16% 17 lOnomea 9C. 3« 3»H
Hutch SP C — 15% Paauhau S C 21% —
Ktlauea 8 C. 3% — i
• \u25a0 '\u25a0- MISCELLANEOUS. 4 \u25a0> '•
\ Alaska P 'A. 83 •80 \u25a0} Octanlc 9 Co. 5 3H
r»l F C A ' — I Pac Aux FA. ' 4\u25a0- - o
S- Win. A, XV, Ott^C ; Borx.lß«lMH
MV& MtTm.lOO — i Pae 8 Tel Co. 100 103
. ' SALES.
Morning Session.
" 5 Bank of ' California ..'..".... 1.423 00
13 Oceanic 3 S Co. <>- : " .7 23
23 Oceanic 8 S C 0..., A «>
; , 10 Oceanic 8S Co * ••> .
(.' 35 Oceanic S3 Co iX -Z™
\ $2,000 Cal Gas & El G M * C,T 55.. 63 75 -
$l;O8O Los Angeles Ry 35...; .-115 «%
' 52.C00 Pacific Electric Ky 5«.. ....... IW> CO
$3.CCft Valley CountUa Power 55 ...V... 103 -!5
$2 000 Valley Counties Power 55...... IW2 3O
Afternoon Session.
Board — ; ~. h • „_
70 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar....:. 83 23
40 Oceanic S S Co ....- -5 W>
50 Paauhau S P Co 21 W _
$8,000 United R R of S F 43...:.... »O 12^4
\u25a0 ftt-rct- \u25a0\u25a0 * * *' . -* - "
100 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar...!.. » 23
25 Onomea Sugar Co 00
!ls.CfiO Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 55... .106 00
(12.000 L A-Pae R R Ist \u25a0 eon ' 5e. . i :1J» 25
(10 000 Spring Val Wat gen mtge 4s. 9. CO
Unlisted Securities. '
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid: Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 65.10t% — SF Drydk Bs.llSH—y.
B L Wat 65.113 — KF &NP Be.llO j~
Cal NWSs..IU -— SanTel«s...Ul% —
M C Wat 59. — H4 - -,Do 3s .....toi% — -
Ok T Conss.lC2»;ios Suttr-st RSs.lO* -HO '
Rls I Wks3s.lll% — » *
\u25a0•; ; .MISCELLANEOUS STOCK 3..
Ala SCO... — 26 | Gas Con A.. l» »^4
Continued on : Pace 14.
1516
Because it combines delicate
medicinal and emollient properties
derived from Cuticura, the great
Skin Cure, with the purest of
cleansing ingredients and most
refreshing of flower odors. For
preserving, purifying, and beau-
tifying the skin, scalp, hair, and
hands, for irritations of the skin,
heat rashes, tan, sunburn, bites
and stings of insects, lameness
and soreness incidental to summer
sports, for sanative, antiseptic
cleansing, and for all the purposes
of the toilet, bath, and nursery
Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuti-
cura Ointment, is priceless.
Potter Dnirfc Chun . Corp., Sole Pn»prf«tor«, Bottom
ay-Maiied Free,",.*.!! About the Skin."
Keports on Private Banks.
The Bank Commission reported yes-
terday that the private banks of Cali-
fornia have resources valued at $4,259,-
2f<6 17. Thp deposits amount to $2,593,-
*S»o 33. These institutions are said, to
enjoy a fair share of the general pros-
pr-rity of the State.
THE OLD RELIABLE
MARKET
ESTABLISHED 1875.
1131-o8 Market St. 25-27-29 Turk St.
Special Sale Every Saturday.
Special Sale
Price.
PORTERHOUSE STEAK, 1 *»
perlb - lOC
SI S < ? b IN . STEAKS : 12J£c
ROAST BEEF, Q^
perlb OC
SHOULDER LAMB, r^
perlb OC
FOREQUARTER LAMB, +9
perlb cC
KNDQUARTER LAMB, Ijv
ALL STEWS,
pcr 1b.. ........................ +Jr\j
ROAST PORK (Cora Fed), £%^
perlb.. ZfC
CORNED BEEF (the Best), £. _
Every Saturday night from 7 to 10
O'CLOCK we will have a CLEAN-UP BALE,
whereby BARGAINS can be had which .will
SURPRISE you. Strictly no telephone orders
received for 6pecial rates. CALL, and SELECT
YOUR OWN GOODS.
APPOINT A GUARD.— Sheriff Curtis yester
day appointed C. A. Sheridan a guard at the
County Jail, vice C. T. Donovan, resigned.
f|i|l|; $1.75 Our $6.50 Colored /^e^
%M Monday Only / ' [Ijj JijW
""^^^^^^ A desirable style made of /^; |: ;. ;': ? . : ;-J
figured lawn in appropri- '^Sh m\ ffi I 'II
ate light and dark colorings for summer *^!§&^M L \'> [i \u25a0 H
I wear, including light and -dark gray, '&f //f^^k^c^m
light blue, navy blue, black and white; \\ / x^?aS^Mr\^VA
sizes 34 to 44. Waist and extra fuli \£^ffi^(H \v
skirt neatly tucked. i^SHilSl
\ The most practical of all ! M M I
I i summer garments! "^^U^^i^Sir ' TM
"Mankind" Waists ISySffl ])
for Women i~ &3 I\\
i Indispensable for tennis, golf, camping %^ fill \\
and 2 enwa ' summer wear. Made of f . •!/// \\ \
' the best quality imported Jacquards, in // / 1
i a variety of fancy stripes, and figures;. // / aV'
custom made, all sizes. Spe- ci "jrff t / I \ I
cia!Jy priced. .... ;-. ..... . . . 1./ O, I me: cpr** m! 1 '
MAKES PLACES
FOR FAVORITES
Board of Works Again Shows
Its Contempt for Efforts
to Restrict Expenditures
IGNORES THE 'BUDGET
Street Sweeping Inspectors
Appointed Regardless of
Appropriation Limitation
The Board of Public Works in making
appointments on the street sweeping force
has ignored the plain provisions " of ' the
municipal budget and will undoubtedly
again run afoul of the Board of Super
visors as It has done in refusing to abide
by the teaming contract awarded to A.
B. Clute, under which a saving of $16,000
to the city would be effected this fiscal
year.
The budget provided for an appropria
tion of $2400 for two inspectors in con
nection with the sweeping of streets and
the Board of Works has ignored ' the
appropriation by appointing one assistant
superintendent and four inspectors, in ad
dition to a superintendent, J. B. Cowden,
for whom $2100 per annum was allowed.
The four inspectors are J. X. . Copus,
George Boxton, John Butler and John
C. Casey and the assistant superintendent
is William Shaughnessy, who receives
$125 per month, the inspectors being paid
$* per day. A peculiar feature of the
appointments is that Shaughnessy, Copus,
Boxton, Butler and Casey are on the
eligible list of street sweepers, for which
an examination was recently held. The
street sweepers in the -employ' of the city
were given the fullest allowance of
credits and the Civil Service Commission
passed upon the physical qualifications of
the applicants without the aid of a medi
cal examiner. As a consequence, all but
three or four were retained in the city's
employ under the civil service. Copus
stands 39 on the list, Butler 37, Boxton 79,
Shaughnessy 69 and Casey 238. The firet
190 names have been certified for appoint
ment as sweepers, the five named being
"head sweepers" or inspectors.
It lis almost certain that the Super
visors' Street Committee will refuse to
approve demands in excess of the $2400
allowed for two inspectors, so it looks as
though three among the five will have
trouble in securing their pay. « The Su
pervisors take the ground that the sweep
ers sliould be appointed from the register
of laborers, of which there are 2000. The
claim is made that a civil service exami
nation was ordered so that the friends
of the Schmitz administration would be
retained. The appropriation of $215,000 is
made "for laborers and sweepers engaged
in the sweeping and cleaning of streets
and the rent of teams and appliances."
This provision will be invoked in holding
up the pay of inspectors in excess of the
two for which an appropriation of $2400
was made. '-. *\;;
President Maestretti of the Works
Board yesterday permitted twenty-one of
Clute's teams to haul street sweepings
away at $4 68 per team. Maestrettl said
that he had done so to demonstrate that
Clute's teams cannot do the ,work prop
erly, as they lack one yard of the ca
pacity of other teams hired at $6 per day
under the old contract. Commissioner
Eagan says that Clute will not be able
to furnish union men at the lower rate
and that he will not agree to the hiring
of Clute's teams on that account.
SCHOOL. BUILDINGS ARE
PUT IX SAFE CONDITION'
»w Clannroomn In Agaaslz Primary
»ce**ltate Assignment of Two*
Teachers Xext Month.
School Directors Altmann and Boyle
yesterday visited the Agasslz and Edi
son Primary schools, where alterations
are in progress under an allowance of
$5500 made by the Supervisors out of
the urgent necessity fund. The build
ings named were in a dangerous con
dition and immediate repairs were im
perative. Two additional classrooms
are nearly completed in the Agassiz
School and the floorings and staircases
in both structures have been strength
ened.
Two new teachers will be assigned to
the new rooms at the beginning of the
school term on August 14 next.
Midwife ClmrKed With Murder.
Mrs. E. Sattler-Simon, a midwife at
1709 Market street, 'was booked -at. the
City Prison yesterday on a charge of
murder. She is accused of having 1 per
formed a criminal operation two weeks
ago upon Airs. - Caroline Varni, 232S
Greenwich street, .who -died at the Pa
cific Hospital early yesterday morning.
Mrs. Varni was the wife of an Italian
laborer and the mother of five younjr
children.
BARBARA VEIT DIES SUDDENLY.—Bar
bara Veit. .61 years old, died suddenly of
natural causes yesterday morning at her resi
dence. 337 Thirty-first avenue. . . >v
THE; - SAN v FRANGISCO^CALI.; ; S ATURD A V, ; JIJLY 8; 1905 i
GROWLER DISTURBS
PERFECT BLISS.
Nourishing a thirst that would crack a
brick, Mt. Richard Hughes sprawled upon
the veranda of his villa, 144 Rue de Clara.
Across the boulevard several of Captain
Spillane's gendarmes were, gradually
melting away in the heat. But ' Richard
hummed merrily in anticipation. His
faithful wife had gone around the corner
with the growler.
"Glory be," meditated Mr. Hughes.'
"Who'd be a. policeman? Look at me
with a growler and a wife to . rush it.
While them poor devils are being
alive, I sits down like a gentleman and
takes me steam." .
And Mr. Hughes began to chant, "Rush
the can, Mary Ann! Oh, Mary Ann, rush
the can."
Presently Mrs. Hughes wended her way
carefully up the avenue, bearing the filled
vessel. The men at arms of the South
ern Station looked longingly at the
creamy foam that bubbled over the rim
of the can. \u0084 ' ' ,
Hughes reached out his arms, eagerly as
the wife walked up the stairway. "Aisy
darlin,' aisy," he admonished. "For the
love of hivin don't fall and . break your
neck before I get a grip ay the can."
Mrs. Hughes made the ascent in safety
and turned over the growler to her; lord
and master. He clutched it eagerly and
an expression of complete happiness
spread over his features.
"It's a darlin' you are." he said lov
ingly. "I'll save a sup for you. Here's
your health, Mary Ann."
He raised the can to his lips. With a
splutter and a yell he dropped it.
"Glory be to God!" he shouted. "Didn't
I tell you to get a lump ay ice in it, you
murthurin' thafe 'ay the world. The
divil fly 'way with yez for a blitherin'
fool ay a woman. Sorra the day, I mar
ried yez. 'Tis little better than an
Orangeman you . are."
Hughes methodically proceeded to
blacken his wife's v eyes.. She clawed out
a section of his countenance before the
gendarmes from the Southern Station
arrived and took Richard to the bastile.
The prisoner had hardly been in the
Hall of Justice ten minutes when his
faithful wife arrived with bail money
and had him released. When they ap
peared before Judge Cabaniss yesterday
they were cooing like a couple of doves.
"Sure it was me own fault,", said Mrs.
HHjghes. "The poor man couldn't take
his beer this weather without a bit of.
ice." -:\u25a0}\u25a0> ->i' J;sc&\ \u25a0 ;. ' .' . '\u25a0/'.:
"I. forgive her," said Mr. Hughes,
magnanimously.
On the veranda 0M44-Rue.de Clara sit
a loving husband and wife. His face is
partly obliterated by finger nail scratches
and both of her eyes are closed,' but they
call each other "darling" Between them
is a can of steam and in it a big lump of
ice. V
What is home without a growler and
what's a - growler this weather without
a lump of ice in it?
v7 1 \u25a0. • ' \u25a0. • '. * *-.
Jessie Mason, who promised Judge Mo
gan a month ago to hike along the
straight and narrow path, came to court
yesterday to give an account, of herself.
"I've been going to bed every night at
11, Judge," she. said.
"A. m. '.or p. m.?" inquired the Judge,
curiously,': and Jessie became \u25a0 indignant,
i "Honest, Judge," she said, "I've cut all
the roueh work out for keeps. I'm on
the waterwagon for keeps and; l ain't go
ing to drop .my whip -neither. I'm 1 the
temperance kid, Judge This, boozing busi
ness don't get you nothing. I've found
it out, on the level. Me to the lemonade
and the grenadine punches, sure."
Jessie was discharged :as cured.
• • •
"Rose Hill," called the perspiring bailiff
of Judge Mogan's court. "Oh, you Rose,"
echoed the hangers-on in the corridors.
But no Rose appeared. >
She was given a chance to mend her
way? several weeks ago and was to have
reported- to Judge Mogan. yesterday with
a clean shirtwaist and a cleaner record.
"Where, oh, where is Rosie," who prom
ised to be good?"., murmured the Judge.
"She is- detained at San Jose," volun
teered Rose's attorney.
"At a garden party?" asked the Judged
"Well ; not exactly," said the attorney.
"She intended to come, but. her host pos
itively ire fused to" let her r go.
"Very hospitable people in San Jose,"
admitted the Judge. "But couldn't | Rose
manage, to slip up .here .somehow and-
keep her appointment? Where is she
staying down there?" „
; "In the County Jail,}' said the attorney."
"Good night," said Judge Mogah sadly.
"Curtains ' for Rosle, and she promised so
fervently.; Such " a nice " girl ; too." : ;
The automobile -dance 'is X trie
problem .that' has j come' before | Judge Mo
gan. ,It-was:invented' Thursday.' night by
Albert Guion : and Alfred Richards, chauf
feurs. ; •' . -V /. --'.' i \u25a0 \u25a0'-. ;
While Policeman :. Hos tetter, was hiking
dejectedly I up -Van j Ness \u25a0 avenue, rwonder
lng whj;! the Police ' Department 'I did \ not
iss ue . kh*aki uniforms . for J summer, wear,'
he heard, somebody calling as '^if for a
Virginia^reeL/, ".' , '.;.,;- .: . A
* "Change 'partners! - Sashay!^ Down; the
middle ! ; -' All around the* mulberry :• bush."
Intermingled " with . these - orders > was the
toot, - toot.Vof ( ; the ' automoblle'-horn.
Two benzine ibuggies '> were L'r "cavorting
through] a" sort ' of ' gasoline : cotillion along
the avenue/ "> The chauffeurs; Were; in that
particular; state '; which : Is described .i n im
proved Anglo-Saxon as "shotlto ;the bon- ;
net.".^-: \u25a0; :."'',- \u25a0:\u25a0 \u25a0: A. t -. '\u25a0'\u25a0'. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 , -; :
'.'" Hostetter. gathered them ; in 'and broke
up the dance;?' ;.: \'~'. • - /
"I've 'heard' of i ; Virginia reels\on;horse
back," said Judge Mogan, 1 "But a' benzine
buggy cotillion is too. artificial to sultme.
Don't try, iti again.".; v ;':.•.; \u25a0 \u25a0
: Albert 5 and -Alfred; promised. ;-'
John . Bergman Vbu tted . in'' i when they
were .: launching^! the •', lifeboat % out .near*
thel Cliff , House. -John" isa cutter ,t or ; a 1a 1
clothing \u25a0 firm, , so *of 'course ?;he - knew,
just; how/ a; . lifeboat ought) to; , be
launched. V . \u25a0 . : ::'- ;;-' : '"*-„/"\u25a0"' "--\u25a0•.- 1 - ' '\u25a0\u25a0-. '
, ' . The crew, I each* of 'whom*: has *beeh^in
the llfe^savingr* business C for, Jat s j least
ten years, iwere; wheeling- the *boat out
of. the shed. : V :"' ; }'\u25a0 ••:. ;\u25a0"\u25a0;'-\u25a0 :: _ \u0084..-,•.;•
"Why don't you > turn' it > the
other , way ?'V asked 'John.' . ;, .• ; •
"Avast \ r piping;, there ; ' pheer. off," ad-
Mary Ann Forgets
to Have Can
Üboled.
Husband Chastises
Absent Minded
Consort.
vised Walter Varney, brother of the
captain.
-But John had 'ideas; that were im
portant. ' - ; '
' no way. to launch a lifeboat,"
he insisted. - .
. ."Stow yer. foghorn and • clear the
gangway," advised Varney. - :
'-'You don't know ' any more about
your business than a setting hen," said
John. ' •
•"I hate to do it, but I have to," said
Varney^mournfully, and, he SAVung his
fist intorthe "butter-ins" jaw.
When Bergman carrie to he had Var
ney arrested for battery..' The case was
tried before' Judge' Cabaniss.' '
"He butted in," said Varney. "I've
been twenty years in this business and
he told me I dJdn't know, how to launch
a lifeboat." . ;\
"Mr. Bergman," said the Judge,
"what right had you to butt in? You
may be an- artist with , the shears, but
.1 think what you know of nautical af-
fairs wouldn't hurt, anybody. If Mr.
Varney wants to get out a warrant for
you, I'll sign it. lie was justified in
stopping you from butting in. Case
dismissed." .-•*.",
| Private H. C. Ray, U. b. A., was lean
ing against the! front of a Kearny
street. saloon, ; wilting in the heat. He
looked sorrowful and sober.
' Jamen^Coglan, U. S. N., hove in sight,
jingling money, and whistling. "What's
up, mate?" he asked the sorrowful sol
dier. . ' • . • - - :^ \ipiBfg
VMy tongue is hanging out a yard,"
said, the private, "and I'm broke twice
over." ',- ;-:
"Come with me," said the hospitable
mariner, and the army and navy buried
their beaks in the foam. 1 ;,"
,' "Let's go somewhere 'else and get
another," isaid the sailor. .-'The soldier
acquiesced: quickly. \u25a0•; ' \u25a0
Just as the pair reached Jackson and
Kearny \u25a0 streets Ray suddenly swung
upon thet friendly; mariner, and, seizing
him by the throat, emptied his pockets
of:s3s. •;-/\u25a0:'\u25a0: \u25a0 •\u25a0-.•": t^;h ' \u25a0-';;.
J Coglan- raised an alarm and Police
man E.'J.'Foley captured the thief after
along: chase. Ray j was arraign ed; be
fore Judge' Cabaniss, yesterday morn
ing. ' " : '\u25a0-.-- ' . . .'\u25a0«".''-*\u25a0' •' . - ',
Thomas Dooley and .Edward Silver
stein formed an international alliance
and raided the saloon of Hugh Craig
at 242 Third street Thursday.'
.."The beer was flat," pleaded Mr.
Dooley. ;
"We; settled for the damage at a dis
count for cash, and besides the place
was insured,", said Mr.. Silverstein.
j Craig then came forward" and de
clared that, he, was -satisfied ; to have
the case dismissed.
\u0084" I; have, no doubt that flat. beer is
disagreeable," said Judge Cabaniss, as
he! mopped 1 his 'brow." "But others j have
to stand it, Mr. Dooley.'M A : sad j expres
sion crossed his* Honor's face. -': "Yes,"
he repeated.'; "its- hard, but 'others have
to stand it."
-The case was dismissed.
IST WATCHiTHE CROWDS TO-DAY
Third Day of Marks Bros/
1 "House Cleaning Sale" |
To accommodate the VAST THRONGS of eager buyers
who were NOT ' PROPER LX WAITED > ON THE 'LAST TWO
DA/S 6t this '\u25a0 HOUSE 'CLEANING SALE- we've engaged
extra SALES PEOPLE, WRAPPERS [and /DELiVERIESy
WE'VE 'GOT 'to MOVE our "SUMMER out
of the house and we're doing IT IN DOUBLE "QUICK
TIME by the way of ' r
"Our Gut Price Route-
Most of the goods being sold <gt about
I 60c on the Dollar I
Do your shopping /early to avoid the afternoon rush.
M ABIfQ \ DDftQ The Home of Honest Values
mAnIK O ) On^O. 1220-1224 Market Street
HERMANN TELLS
OF COLLECTIONS
Wily Agent of the Schraitz
Central Club Testifies;
Before th e ; Grand J ury '
DOES XOT KEEP BOOKS
Says Ruef Makes Good When
Is a Shortage ill
the Funds of Organization
The Grand Jury finally succeeded yes-,
terday in getting, Melville Hermann, col-.,
lector for the Schmitz, Central Club, to'
appear before it and divulge- some of the'
secrets of the mysterious club. From the,
way. Hermann started off, it appeared
that- he had^ been coached, not to say'
much. . He Was surly at first, but he must
have forgotten his instructions, as he
talked more freely. before the examination'
closed.. The. trusted employe -of Ruef
averred that Hhe Schmitz Central" was \ a
political club, similar^ to' other ones in
this city.' He maintained" it was not self
supporting, and that often Ruef was com-,
pelled -to come to its relief and make
deficiencies good.
, Hermann ; said: he was employed as a
collector, : his j salary being $100 a month.
He confessed that numerous employes of
the administration made monthly pay
ments to help maintain the club, but he
stoutly; maintained that they were made
voluntarily. , He said that during the
last administration J. Devoto was treas
urer; of the organization," which position
is now being held by E. Leffingwell. A
brother of Registrar Adams is secretary.
Who the president was he did, not know.
He said Ruef was treasurer on the execu
tive -committee. .' ",%'/,-. \u25a0':{\u25a0 . •
, The Grand f Jury, was unable to learn
how much was collected monthly for the
club. Hermann said he did not keep any
books or records, and that the money was
turned over to Rucf, Who had implicit
confidence in his honesty. He admitted
Ruef was the "whole" show" in the club.
No action was ..taken, but the Grand
Jury will keep the matter under its eye.
: The Grand Jury : took up the charges
madebyZ. Mozetti, a dairyman, against
Poundkeeper A. L. Younger and his as
sistant, M. Edwards, to whom, he said,
he paid a bcibe of $15 a month for the
privilege ,of allowing his cattle to graze
on uninclosed land.; ,
• Mozetti told the jurymen that he paid
the money for four weeks. He said. that
when he ceased making the paymentshia
fences were torn down and his cattle
Impounded. Several [other witnesses sub
stantiated Mozetti's testimony. .The
Grand Jury will take the matter up again
at ' its next meeting, when it will hear
testimony from, the other side.
Frank Hess, ; who was struck on the
head by a brick alleged to have been
thrown by a youth named Enwright in
front of the Bulletin office, was before
the-; Grand' Jury .'and. told his story. The
case was continued, as the police have
not yet been able to find Enwright.
Validity of Deeds Questioned.
Michael Ryan has petitioned the Su
perior Court for letters of administra
tion on the estate of the late Winifred
S. McCormick, who left an estate valued
at $10,000. Ryan alleges that Mrs.
Daisy M. Ford, daughter of the de
ceased, holds several deeds alleged to
have been executed by Mrs. McCormick
shortly before her death. He says the
deeds were obtained through undue in
fluence and he asks that they be can
celed, that debts against the estate,
including a judgment for $4320 held by
William Weaver, may be. liquidated.
The FltnesH of Thlnß».
Since the time .of William the Conqueror
"Card Etiquette" has been in vogue.. Our ex
pert engravers are at your service. We have
many conceits in ! cards, wedding invitations,
wedding announcements, at- home cards, etc.
Ask for "Card Courtesy" — free. Sanborn. vail
&.Co., "41 Market -street. \u25a0 *
Pinna of huwyew' ; Club.
The Lawyers' Club of California in
its last bulletin, issued July 1, an*
nounces plans for future work.'. The
general policy of. the club is "outlined
and the date for suggestions named.
About November 1 a special call will
be issued for suggestions on some of
the more important subjects, notably
for the reduction of expense and the
curtailment of delay in litigation. Feb
ruary ;,15,; ,15, 1906, has been fixed as the
last day for the receipt; of measures
proposed for suggestion' to the next
State Legislature. ;
Sometimes you have to hustle in an
swering a want; ad.,, or you find that
some one else has answered it before
you. So. don't wait until the. want ads.
are "cold". before you read- them.
llrt'ord of the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted:yes
terday to Anna M. from F. L. Ber
nardln -for .cruelty, Nellie C. from
Charles 11. Barrett for desertion , and
Jennette from Hector G. Williamson for
desertion. "Suits, for divorce were filed
by Conrad against Gay TV. Mollath for
cruelty,.* Adeline against Robert C.: Wil
son -for, failure to provide, Richard W.
against "Alice; Condon for desertion,
John: against Mary. R. : Brooks for de
sertion.-: Agnes C.v against ..Thomas ;E.
Stack for failure .to. provide and Bertha
H. against John W. Miller for cruelty.
Cool Dresses: epol Prices
To-day is the day for mothers to -buy little girls their comfort-
able summer dresses, and pay less in some cases than itNvould
cost to buy the materials and put them together.
Whole factories at times have their entire forces at work on
dresses for gale's California stores.
The dresses are made up the Way we want them made. Girlish styles.
pretty and different. Dresses of chambray and percale school dresses. But
the coolest, dressiest affairs of all are these white lawn dresses. All of
them out to-day in a rare July demonstration. .Some in a window. Prices
start — \u25a0 . .
At 50c— You can choose from cham- At f 1.25— A Russian blouse dress. In
bray or percale dresses. In oxblood, black and white checks, or navy
gray, light blue, fancy stripes, and white checks, piped with Tur-
trimmed with wash braid, made " key red or cadet blue, fancy but-
with yoke effect, finished with deep tons down the front; collar, cuffs
lawn bertha over the shoulders, full and belt to match, piping:. Ages 6
' sleeves, gathered skirt. Ages 6 to to 14 years. It's a nobby little va-
12 years. . cation dress.
\t 05c— Percale dresses in pink or At 9 1.25— Pretty white lawn dress,
blue, with V-shaped yoke, scalloped trimmed with lace, round yoke, fln-
reversover the shoulders, trimmed Ished off with deep ruffle, . leg-o'-
with fancy braid and wide embroid- mutton sleeves; corset cover effect
cry edging- extra full skirt, with underneath the yoke, full gathered
belt. Ages 6 to 14 years. skirt. Ages 6to 14 years.
Hammocks 85c Taffy 20c lb.
Yes, you can pay less for Good candy news to read to-
hammocks at some stores, but day, for it's wholesome, pure
it's - because these would be taffy for over Sunday ; , vanilla
splendid values at $1.25 we em- or molasses, made fresh yester-
phasize them to-day; not be- day. ; 20c lb.
cause they are B^C ' Fudjce. Cbocolate Fudge. 15e pound—
caujse uicy die o^. Instead, of 25c. It's chocolate and
Roller Skate*. 48c pair — Good ones almonds, delicious, mixed in
with hardwood rollers, leather an- squares, mouthful size.
kle supporters and toe straps. They _.
cun be made to fit any sized shoe. /MT Jlf/ 0 5M7
Hair 'dressing parlors, mezzanine \^S | -rs^
floor. • " ****^-
CHOOSING JURY
IS SLOW WORK
A start was made in the Collins bigamy
tria! yesterday. --It -wasn't a very big one.
but :he wheels will begin to move again
Monday and if Collins doesn't dump a
basketful of technical bricks into the cogs
fair progress may be made, though Col
lins, by his many questions and objec
tions, will make the selection of a jury a
tedious affair. \u0084
Judge, Lennon was urged to sit to-day,
but he said that even If it was the cus
tom of tlie courts here to work on Satur
day he didn't" propose to follow tneir ex
ample.
The court reprimanded Hiram Johnson,
who in* ire had declared that he didn't
want a second's delay in the trial of the
case, "i do not wish to be criticized for
my method of conducting this trial," he
said, when the court tOid him to, stop
orating. This was the nearest approach
to anything exciting during the proceed
ings, though there was a. full house to
enjoy anything of an unusual nature that
might develop.
FURTHER TIME DENIED.
District*. Attorney Byington made' a
strong argument against an affidavit for
a continuance that Collins,. by Attorney
OConnor, wished to file. Judge Lennon
suggested that the defense file its plea,
to be, followed by a counter -affidavit by
the prosecution. The court denied fur
ther time. : . - . ' 1-
At the afternoon session a list of names
of men to be examined as to their fitness
to serve as jurors was read. Those drawn
were Charles H. ; Rodd, .Victor A. Han
cock, Herschel "J. McCormick, Edward B.
Sway Is; Adam L.udwig, John.Lt'Burnside,
John Kenny, Solomon Schwartz, Herman
A. Ash, Francis Lr. Cook, John W. McCor
mick and John P. Carroll. They were
sworn and the examination ' was .soon
under- way... Only three of. the! men" were
'examined during the afternoon and none
ot these was accepted. *
OBJECTS TO ALIENS.
O'Connor challenged Rodd because he
was not born in the- United States .and
Collins quoted the decisions and law on
aliens. Byington regarded the objection
as a. direct attempt to block the process
of the trial. If each man who happened
tc be born without the country and was
later, naturalized should have to bring his
naturalization papers into court in order
tnat his citizenship could be proven, it
would^cause great' delay, he said.
Victor Hancock was challenged, as he
admitted -his prejudice. McClintock was
not fully examined.,
Ir> the examination of ( the jurors the
defendant's counsel put a most exhaust
ive number of questions and objections
were made frequently.. Their attitude
shows plainly that it will be several days
before a jury is selected. ,
When" Judge Lennon set Monday after
noon at 2 v o'clock as the \u25a0 time, for resum
ing, Byington suggested tnat the case go
on to-day. /
"There is no ' reason wuy this case
should be pushd forward at the rate the
prosecution' wishes," said Judge Lennon,
"and even if it has "been; the custom oj
this court to be' held on Saturuay it . la
not my. intention to' sit out that day here.
Please .'remember .that (ray, own conveni
ence is to be consulted as well as that of
the counsel.", / x /
Unity, Club Elect* Officers.
The. Unity' Club, 'an organization of
mixologists, with , headquarters in the
Demokrat- building, elected the follow-!
ing omcers«at Its last regular meet
ing: " President,; William Corbett;" vice
presideht,rA.;Faber; secretary, A. HlH
cary; treasurer, Robert Harrington; au
ditor,"* li.: A. , Kennedy; l directors— J. H.
Hooper, ;J.; J. 'B. Clark, R. L. Anderson, J."
McDonnell. E. R. : Klein..
Samuel A. Hellr r'n Will.
The wilier the late Samuel' A." Heller,
who \u25a0 died.. July. 2, .leaving an estate
:yalued^at^over: r slo,ooo,- was .filed for
probate .yesterday. The /"devisees are
Emanuel E. -i and Clarence \u0084 L.^ Heller,
brothers of „ the; testator; ;Eva ; H.'Cohn
and Carrie H. Fleishman,*; sisters: Martz
Nlckelsburg-, 1 Dennis McMahon and Wil
liam >H.;;Schad,; friends, f and , the San
Francisco rFlycastihg Club. .. - :
RepiidlHte^ Action of I.e^Jilntl vc -Body.
' ThcOhambcr ofComnnrw.jhas rt»
ceived^'-a • dispatch* " from the Toronto
Board ;Of..TradaV statingrfthat" the coun
cil of* that *bof rd irepudiatedUhe faction
of tho. -.liPSflslatlve of Quebec
infnttemptihar.to. enforce; a' prohibitive
tax "oft" ? > tnerica n ' c<>mmercial travelers.
C MURINE tBYE j REMEDY; cures ; Eyes ;
makes Weak -Eyes Strong. Soothes Eye
Pain.", -Doesn't; Smart. ... .... •_ -*;*: *
MERCHANTS AND SHIPPERS ,
ADVISED AS TO SEW TARIFF
Importations Into the Philippine* Jln*t
Be Accompanied by Consular
Invoices tn Triplicate."
Acting Customs Collector William B.
Hamilton was advised yesterday by th%
Secretary ot the Treasury as to the
regulations to be observed In the mat
ter of the revised tariff on goods im
ported into the Philippines from coun
tries other than the United States,
when the value of such* importation
exceeds $100. The tariff became oper
ative on July 2 of this year. The in
structions read:
From advice received from the Philippine
authorities, it is the understanding that thes?
invoices are to be executed in triplicate—-xm
copy to be delivered to the shipper, one copy
mailed to the Collector of Customs* at the port
of entry in the Philippine . Islands (aju.l it is
important . that . it , reach ; the port of en.try.be
fore or as soon as the shipment arrives) and
the other to be retained by the officer before,
whom the Invoice Is executed. Under the pro
visions of section 2ti54 of the Revised Statutes
of the United States a charge of SO cents may
be made for verification of these invoices.
It is also required that the gross and
net weight should be stated and that
the merchandise should ;be # classed in
the terms of the Philippine tariff.
For that drowsy, v tired feeling and loss
of, appetite there is nothing as good: as
Lash's Kidney and Liver Hitters. •
ATTACKED WITH REIJGIOUS MANIA.—
Mrs. Josephine Sotano, aged 44 years, becama
violent at her home at Thirtieth street and San
Pablo avenue last night and forced her daugh
ter to seek shelter. In an outhouse until thin
morning, when Mrs. Solano was placed under
arrest. She is suffering from religious mania.
THIS SURREY SI7S
Awariled Gold Medal over all eoin-'
petltors, St. Lonls World's Fair, 1904.
THE
GOLUMBUSBUGGYCo.
COLUMBUS, OHIO
Atrut Columbus Bussr Co., !
307 « Market Street, •
Smiu'l Splro.
Our vehicles are the best
in . quality, style and finish.
Are cheapest in the end,
as they outwear all others.
We can furnish testimo-
nials from many liverymen
who. have used our vehicles •
\u25a0 from 10 to is years constant- \u25a0
, , ly in their livery business.
Our - 7 Catalogue, showing
; -.;ioof styles, mailed on re-
v "' quest. - - -
Spiro Harness and Wagon Co.
;V;; V; 307-309 Market Street
BP ARKES'B^ ! •
Balsam
* t Promotea tne growth of th& tuur »M ',
J. gives It taaltatreandallilaesaafyoQth.
.] t when Via iair to gray a- Coded it
>j : BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. *
J ! It prevents Dan<!ruff and hair faillny i
I< ; and Seeps the scalp clean acd healthy. \
l^p-ci^i' CTJBE ; SICK fIEATJACHfi.
UAKitnO ;.:\u25a0-.; .:\u25a0 -. . \u25a0'..\u25a0-.;
\u25a0littie Genym6 Must Bear
| IVER J \u25a0 Fac-Siraile Signature
\u25a0 PILLS. y? - "\u25a0„< °m ' —
vB^A : CALIFpRNIA
I S"A GREAT RESTORATIVE. ."ixviaOßA. "^'
\u25a0\u25a0 "..tor; and; Nervine. " :\u25a0\u25a0- v . • \u25a0• '< \u0084--' w "<*
V Th« { mom wonderful ; aphrodUtae aid Sp«clal
Tonic X f or . tha i S«xual Organ*;; t », ; both SSm
v The Mexican remedy for , Diseases. of .«hl
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on !u <J^ «Lrt^
* BRUNETjuSt?^""
, 323 Market «t. S. F.-(Send. ror.ClPcuUrj