The Sunday Call Magazine
Christmas Edition
Part 2THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.THE SAN ..ERAN CISCO SUNDAY .CALLTHE SAN -.FRANCISCQV SUNDAY: CALL.THE SAN FRANCISCO , SUNDAY CALL.no_textTHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY GAtL.no_textThe Sunday Call Magazine
Christmas Edition
Part 2Copyright, l»v~. by Samuel J. Tucker.
** OLMES STANTON found 553 Mj street to be a
I \ decent-looking three-story brick and stone house
|| In a respectable though by no means fashionable
A J district. The snow swirled angrily around him
+* » as he stood waiting, after having pushed the bell
button, but he was not thinking about the storm which
had. set In a few hours before and was raging with bitter
fury. So bad was the weather, indeed, that for the past
half-tour Violet Dane had been assuring herself that he
would not come. A dozen times, she had gone to the win
dow and looked out. saying to herself:
"I hope it will keep him away. How foolish I was to
ever get myself into this kind of an affair. I'll never an
swer another personal as long as I live."
On the stand in her modestly furnished room lay a
pa.per containing the following advertisement:
"A young man, stranger in the city, would like to
hear from some lady who is also unacquainted and lonely
and who would be willing to take dinner with him on
Christmas, giving in return a few hours of her compan
ionship. Intentions strictly honorable. Address 'Lone
some.' box 751."
There, had been an exchange of notes on the subject,
and with the understanding that she 'was to have the
privilege of declining the dinner if she desired to do so
when the stranger presented himself. Miss Dane had given
Stanton her address.
Her heart gave an unruly bound when the landlady
called from below that there was some one to see Miss
Dane. She stood for a moment, clutching the doorknob
for support, and then, with a thousand wild fancies in her
mind, she went downstairs. . .
As she entered the parlor Stanton drew a long glad
breath of relief. He had feared that he might find her to
lie a fright and had himself been rather busy regretting
that he had followed up his absurd impulse.
Fifteen minutes later, when they were in their car
riage being driven away through the storm, the girl won
dered why she had hot taken advantage of her privilege
of renouncing the agreement, but it was Tather late then
to begin regretting her rashness. The place to which
Stantor. took her, although a fashionable one, had few
guests that day. owing to "the severity of the weather.
Consequently they were able to have a table to them
selves in a cozy" corner where a wood fire blazed com
fortably in a wide, homelike fireplace.
As she sat there removing her gloves and gazing into
the flames Stanton experienced a feeling of satisfaction
such as he had npt dared to hope might come from his
adventure. She was young, she had the air of one who
had been well reared, she was tastefully dressed, and she
was undeniably worth looking at. He had given the
waiter an order, and sat -half leaning upon the table,
studying her profile, when she turned suddenly and their
glances met.
It may have been the warmth from the fire or perhaps
the frost outside had done it. At all events her cheeks
were beautifully reddened and her lashes went down im
mediately.
"I have neglected," he said, "to thank you for your
kindness in not taking advantage- of the clause in our
agreement which gave you the privilege of declining,
when you saw me. to keep the engagement. Let me d% so
now. I am both gratified and flattered."
"* "I couldn't have had the heart," she replied, "to send
you away after you had braved such a storm as this."
He was sorry she said that and he iell to wondering,
utter she had turned again toward the fire, whether she
would have accepted his hospitality if the day had been
pleasant.
The waiter returned with the oysters and. being a
person who appeared to possess intelligence and tact un
common to his class, he discreetly retired to the other
side of the roont after properly performing his office a«
the Utble. .
"In order that you may be fully informed as to who 1
am," said Stanton, "I have brought one of my business
cards." \u25a0
He handed it over to ncr and she read, "Addison,
White, Davis & Stanton, attomeys-at-law," together with
their business address in another city.
"I have but recently been made a member of the firm,"
he explained, "and am here on a secret mission which I
expect will make It necessary for me to remain a month
at least, perhaps two or three. So you see, why I wae
forced to take unusual proceedings to avoid spending
Christmas alone."
She handed the card back to him and he noticed 'that
she was not eating. . ,
"Come, Miss Dane." he said, "I expect you to do jus
tice to the dinner I'm providing. That, I shall Insist, is
part of the contract."
She shook her head and looked at" the crackling log.
"It's too. late," he urged, "to go back on your agree
ment now. I don't ask rou to tell me anything about
yourself if you arc not inclined to do so. You will re
member that my proposition was to furnish the dinner in
return for the privilege of enjoying a few hours of your
companionship. There was no stipulation concerning: an
exchange of confidences."
"I know." she answered, "but I shouldn't have come.
Please don't order anything else for me. and when you
have finished I must insist on being taken home at once."
He put down his -fork and leaned forward, regarding
her anxiously. One of her arms lay on the table. Her
hand was small and white, and he was tempted to lay
his own upon It. but refrained.
"Do you wish," he aiked, "to spoil what I thought a
moment ago was going to be my merriest Christmas?"
"You have already helped to make this my most fool
ish Christmas," she answered." "Please go on eating."
Another couple had entered and taken a table not far
lrom them.
"If you continue to treat me this way." Stanton urged,
"people will think we have quarreled. Come. I shall
not ask you a question about yourself, and If you insist
on being taken h"bme immediately after dinner I will take
you—or send you there In the carriage if you prefer not
to have me go with you. Only eat ' with me. Let us
break bread together. Let us for an hour be friends.
Isn't this the day of universal good will?" ;
She turned and looked frankly into his eyes. A little
smile began at length to play around her lips and she
said:
"Very well, then, the compact is renewed until the cof
fee comes."
Stanton was by this time convinced that she' was one
of the most beautiful girls he had ever seen. Her fea
tures seemed to improve the more he studied them and
when she finally began to laugh at his little witticisms and
to talk freely herself concerning plays that she had seen
and books that she had read he wondered what there
would be for him to look forward to when they had
parted.
The waiter was a jewel. He took off dishes and
brought others on and thyi went away and permitted
them to get through the courses asslowly as they pleased
The fire blazed cheerily, a few more people came in but
still they had their pleasant corner to themselves and
when Miss Dane offered to prepare the salad dressing
fitapton gladly ordered tho things she required. As he sat
WANTED -
A COMPANION
" When
ever
you.
Are
Ready "
She
Said> >
"You
May
Take
Me
Home.
watching her mix the various Ingredients she presented
by far the loveliest picture of domesticity that he had
ever seen.
She must have known when she looked at him that \u25a0
his happiness was worth many times what the dinner was
costing him, and it may have been for that reason that
she did not insist on hastening the end of the feast,
though the afternoon was- waning. They had come to
the coffee, when she looked across the table at him and
said? -\u2666', ' \u25a0 ,
"Poor man." '
"It's good of you," he replied, "to feel sorry for me.
I shall be lonelier than ever after this is all over."
"I was thinking of the cigar you wlil have to miss."
"Why must I miss it?- I can smoke here, and you will
wai* f cr mp. won't you?" - ••"
"There was no provision in the contract to cover that
point, was there?"
"No, I forgot that. It was a stupid oversight. But
you might be lenient and let me have it any way. This is
Christmas. Be charitable." .
When the waiter had cleared the table and Stanton
had stretched his legs toward trie fire after lighting one
of Havana's most fragrant products, the charitable Miss
Dane sat and watched him blow out rings of smoke and
seemed to forget that she was glad her foolish adventure
was about ended. '
Neither had spoken for a long time. The gray line
had crept slowly along from the end of Stanton's cigar
until it had almost reached the -middle, when he came' out
of his reverie to discover that ' she was looking at, him
tather wistfully. She had been thinking of her. own con
dition—wondering whether she was not wasting her 'time
in the study she had undertaken, wondering whether it
would not .have been better if she had saved her money
and remained at home, perhaps some day' to become the
commonplace wife-of somo commonplace man, in the little
city from which she had so hopefully gone forth, < and
wondering with something like an adhe in. her breast if
success would ever be worth the t loneliness and self-de
nial that were before her. • ; '• ... ' N
A feeling that was ; not unpleasant 'was awakened
within Holmes Stanton as he studiedher expression.*- He
flicked the ash from his cigar into the fireplace and with
out realizing what he did looked at hls.watch.' •
. "Whenever, you ready," she said, : "you may take
me home." .... . •. '."" :\u25a0%.'\u25a0 '\u25a0 '• . • < \
"I shall not b© ready for a. long, long time," he re
plied. "A happy thought has just, come; to me. There is
a play at a theater near here that I want to see. , May; I
got two tickets for to-night? Wait— don't say \u25a0no until
I've told you something about it. I read.. the plot this
morning while waiting to go "to you. A man and a wo
man 'who have never, seen or heard of each; other meet
in Paris; where she is studying music, and he,*, for cer
tain reasons, is living incognito.. They are both Ameri
cans, both strangers there, and both desperately home
sick." \u25a0;;\u25a0;;/.;;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -' ' -'/\u25a0 ''v-: - ; .."\u25a0..•>• v ';\u25a0- v
"And," she .said, when he stopped to puff at his cigar,
"I suppose she is beautiful and he is handsome — and rich
j^and" — . \u25a0- '"' '\u25a0>\u25a0'.'•,;'.": ' : ">'„ \u25a0'"-.:\u25a0 '.'\u25a0"-'.. \u25a0'.v \ "' ' '. .;.
"And/ they marry? ; I must, not tell you the end of It.
You" shall see that for yourself to-night.".' - :
She protested that she; must; go: home, and that' their
bargain ended with the dinner,*' and "he .being* a man .who
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALK.
had discovered the value of- persistence argued ana,
pleaded and beat down her objections, the result being
that she finally said:.
"I will go on one condition— tha^ you will promise on
ycur honor not to 'ask me to _ ever see you again or. to
have any communication wiih you."
"You' drive a hard bargain," he answered, "but I'll
agree to it on condition, to-wit,|ias we lawyers say, that
I may ask you when you part'tqr-night if you still wish to
beve. j:our condition ' enforcedr<^lf£you say then that you
do 1 will ask no more and neVer^bbther you again." \u25a0'• -
The play was well acted; ''ttie^lincs were poetic; there
were intense moments in it, . but the end was not what
GRUDGES - HOW TO TREAT THEM
WHO is there of us who had not at sometime in
his life cherished a grudge? It is a bad thing,
to have in the family, and yet there is an
authentft case of two sisters, living under the
same roof,' attending the same chufch, partici
pating in some degree In the same society, and yet never
speaking directly to one another because of some falllng
out they had In their youth. I know a rural mail 'carrier
whose ,tyork. takes hinv to a certain store three or four
times every day, but for years he and the proprietor
have not been on speaking terms. They '. are forced to
have certain relations to one another, but" they, never ex
change, a friendly word; and yet both are* very "respect- •
able men. Down in the Kentucky and Tennessee high
lands grudges have been .carried to' the point of becoming
a 'fine art. Parents have .bequeathed them -to their chil
dren. Many a Highlander has fallen in his saddle as the
sharp crack of a rifle: rang out from the bush behind
which his long-time foe was concealed. .V.
A grudge differs from a momentary impulse of dis- .
like in that the former is n«t /so short-lived and often
it seems to be rooted. in a certain legitimate desire" for
justice. Men feel that so long as a certain crime goes
unpunished, or, a certain ' wrong uhrighted, they ; must
cherish the resentment, and vwalt for the opportune mo
ment to vent their rage. . From this point of; view a
may not be wholly bad when it- represents ,an
Instinct . for the right ordering of the universe in the
visiting of proper 1 deserts upon miscreants. "
Yet "after all a grudge is a perilous and undesirable
piece of \u25a0 property, and . our business^ i 3 to prevent them .
from becoming deo'p-seated in our' hearts. Many a little
misunderstanding which might be cleared away in' an
instant develops into a "grudge because we are too proud
to try and set matters right while 'conditions are still
plastic. ; Your neighbor does something that seems to
you a; slight or injustice. Instead .of brooding over it,
or complaining about, it to, someone- else, why not go
straight to hinv and have^itout^man to man. telling him
wherein you feel: aggrieved and asking in a kindly way
for an explanation?;' Nine chances out of ten. .you will
'gret/a;- satisfactory .reply, and in that event .you have
S. E. KISER
Violet Dane had gruessed It would be. It turned out that
the man had a wife — a wife who was wholly unworthv
of him, but who nevertheless stood between him and ta»
one whom nature had Intended for hla mate.
Between the third and fourth acts Stan ton asked the
girl beside him how. In her opinion, the case of the lovers
should end.
-."Jf, the, wife would only die." she Bald, "the solution or
the problenj would be easy. Does she die?"
. "No. she refuses to be accommodating."
"Perhaps she or the man sets a divorce. I shall be
sorry If it has to end that way. though."
"Don't you believe In divorces?*.
"In a cacc of this klnC I suppose one would be Jus
tifiable."
"It happens that* the man can't eet a divorce and the
woman v:on't."
\u25a0 -Pci zMiawcr rhe drew a- long 1 sigh.
"licccr the circumstances," he went on. "do you thir.k
the mati and the Klrl have the risht to love each other?"
leaned far bacK in ncr corner "and waited silently,
her face hidden in the dark. At length the carriage
started forward. One of her hands lay outside of her
muff,* on her lap. Stanton took it in his own, and was
gladdened by a little responsive pressure before she drew
it away.
"Do you insist on«havingr the condition you made put
in force?" he asked when the carriage stopped at 653
M street.
. "You might call to-morrow evening," she replied, "and
we will talk it over." ;.*.'
Ho continues to assure her that It was hi 3 merriest
Christmas.
"gained" your brother, which Jesus Christ said was a
very desirable thing to accomplish when one has a fall
ing-out wfth anybody else. Never neglect the chance to
"gain" him. to get a firmer hold on his goodwill.
And ,in the rare cases where you cannot for fend the
entrance of resentment inta your minds, never let It
fill the whole horizon of-- your thought. Grudges aro
like cankers eating into one's peace, and If you really
must have a grudge about your person, put it away not
only where others will "not see It, but where you yourself
will be only dimly conscious of it. A woman In mature
life said the other day that while she had not learned
many lessons. from experience, she had come to see that
It does not pay to cherish a resentment. It disturbs one's
own happiness too much. It really isn't quite worthy
of a person made 'capable of living- in a region above
petty dislikes and enmities.
And there are ways of ridding one's self, even of a
long-standing grudge, if one will but go about it vigor
ously. "If anyone has offended me." said a wise man
once, "I invite him to dinner." This is the Christian, and
at the same time the sensible temper. It marks a high
state of spiritual culture when one can do good to and
pray -for .them who despitefully use you and persecute
you. ; But such are the heights of magnanimity to which
we fare called. It is not great credit to U3 if we treat
people well, who treat U3 well, but when In return for
unkindness, we give , tokens of lasting goodwill and an
unquenchable purpose not to adopt the tactics- used
against' us/ we are rising above low levels of life and
giving the best there Is in us a chance to express itself.
The 'man who holds onto hi 3 grudge as If it con
tained for him the one great object of existence. whr>
says, "I never can forgive So and So, not to my dying:
day," forgets that- he too Is fallible, forgets the many
just aggrievanc^s which others may cherish against him.
and forgets above everything else, the fact, that ven
geance belongs to God. and not to man. Who are we
that we should venture to usurp functions of the Al
mighty? And in the long run wrongs will be righted in
this universe.
"No. ttiey nave no
.ight— but I wonder
J f people tan always
govern their emo
tions and keep fronv,
Wving when they'
have not the right?"
**It Is curious. I
have been wonderius
that, too."
The play ended
with the girl offer
ing to renounce her
ambition for unlaw
ful n happiness, pro
posing to give up the
world lor love and
being saved from the
sacrifice by the man
himself.
There were tears
in Violet . Dane's
eyes as the curtain
fell, but Stanton waa
uncertain -whether
they boded good or
'ill for hl3 hopes.
After they had en
tered their carriage
the driver got en
tangled In a block
ade and a long de-THE ADENTURES OF CAPTAIN KETTLE
THE PILGRIM SHIP
This story published to-day — "The Pilgrim
Ship" — is the fourth of a series of thrilling sea
stories by Cutcliffe Hyne, detailing "The Adven
tures of Crptain Kettle." If you want something
that will warm the blood and lift you out of the
dead level of every-day commonplaces, don't miss
these stirring experiences of Captain Kettle. With
the exception of this story, which will be con
cluded next Sunday, cne complete stcry of ad
venture will appear every week in the Sunday
Call until the series is finished.
<Cbpyright by Cntcliffo Hync.
' "~y VKX before he left Jeddah. Captain Kettle was quite
-J aware th^t by shipping pilgrims on the iron deck
If of the Saigon for transit across the Red Sea he
*V™ was transgressing the laws o' several nations, es
pecially those of Great Britain and her dependencies.
But what else could the poor man do? Situated as he was,
with such a tempting; opportunity ready to Ills hand, he
would have been lf-ss than human if he had neglected to
take the bargain which was offered. And though the list
of things that has b'-en s-ild against Captain Owen Kettle
is both black and long. I am not aware that any one had
yet alleged that the little snilor was anything more or
l«ss than human in all his many frailties.
<"ortolv:n came to the charthouse and put this matter
of illegality to him In plain words when the engines chose
to broak down two days out of Jeddah, and the Saigon lolled
lielploss in the blazing Red Seat heat.
Cortolvin up to that time had not made himself re
marked. He had marched on board from the new Jeddah
<;uay where Jhe railv.'i.y is, and posed as "an Arab of the
Sahara who was glorying in the newly acquired green tur
ban >>f a Hadji; ho was nicked on the mate's tally as a
••i:igg«-r," along with tome 340 dark-skinned followers of
the prophet, and ho had spent those two days upon an or
thodox square of ragged carpet spread on the rusted iron
plating of the lower fore deck-
When the pilgrims had mustered for victualing, he had
filed in with the rest and hold out a brass lotah for his
ration of water, and a tattered square of canvas for his
dole of steamed rice. You could count his ribs twenty
yards away, but he'd the look of a healthy man. and when
on mornings he helped to throw overboard those of his
fellow pilgrims who had died during the night, it was
j,lain to soe lhat he was a fellow of more than ordinary
muscular strength.
He came to Captain Kettle in the charthouse to re
port that the pilgrims contemplated seizing the Saigon so
soon as ever the engines were once more put in running
crdcr. "They've declared a jehad against you, if you know
what that is." said Cortolvin.
"A holy war. or some such skittles, isn't it?" said
Kettle
"Th.afs about die size of it," said the Hadji; you'll
have to look out if you intend to remain master of the
bleamboat."
•I dor.'t require, any teaching of my business from
passengers." said Keltic stiffly.
'/AH right," said Cortolvin. "have it your own way.
Hut I i.hink you might bo decenrfly grateful. I've risked
my life by coining to give you news of what wxis in the
wind. And you can't pretend that the Information is not
useful. You've a coolie crew, who will be absolutely foolish
it" trouble conics — these Lascars always are that way.
You've just your two white engineers and two white mates
t-i back you up. and the five of you wouldn't have a show.
You've 340 fanatics to deal with, who are all lighting bred,
and lighting Jit. They're all well armed, and they wouldn't
•i bit object to <lie scrimmaging in such a cause.
"You know it's part of their creed that If they peg
out while fighting giaours, they go slick to paradise
by lightning express. That wily old camel driver of . Mecca
painted his heaven as Just the sort of dandy place to suit
this kind of cattle, and as most of them have a beast of a
CUTCLIFFE
HYNE
time on this earth, they're anxious to move along upstairs
whenever a. decent opportunity offers to get there."
"They're an ugly crowd to tackle; 1 grant that."
"They are so, and don't you forget it. I might point
out. captain, that, personally speaking, I'd been a lot safer
If I'd stayed down on the lower fore deck yonder and. held
my tongue. They'd have got you to an absolute certalnty
if they'd ambushed you as was intended, and I could have
kept out of the actunl throat-cutting and preserved a sound
skin. They've all got profound respect for me;, I'm a very
Hadji Cortolvin' shrugged his shoulders. "Oh, I chip in
"Will you tell me why?" •
"Couslnship' of the skin, I suppose. You're white by
birth, and I believe I should turn out to be white also if I
kept out of the sun for awhile and had several Turkish
baths. Of course I've a.snuff-colorod hide on me now. and
during this last, two years IVe been living with men of
color and following their ways, and thinking . their
thoughts. Tunny, isn't it? I come across you. 'I don't
know you from Adam. I can't say I particularly like what
I've seen of you, and yet litre am I, rounding'on my former
mates and. chipping in with you on the clenr knowledge
that I shall probably get killed during the next few hours
for my pains." ,
"May I ask your name?" said Kettle. "I believe, sir,"
he added with a bow. "that you are a gentleman."
The Hadji laughed. "So far as I recollect, I was that
once, captain. Sorry I haven't a cardon me. but my name's
W. H. Cortolvin, and I lived near, Richmond, in Yorkshire,
before I was idiot enough to go wandering off the Cook's
tourist route into the middle of Arabia."
, "I'm Welsh myself," said Kettle, "but I've known men
from Yorkshire.. Shake hands, ; sir, please. Will you have
a whisky peg?"'"
"Pour It out, captain. I ; haven't tasted a Christian
drink for thirty weary months. And you've. got a chattit;
hung up in the draught 'of a port! "Cool water, ye gods!
Bismlllah! But it. Is good to be alive sometimes.'' ,
' Captain .^Kettle looked with distaste at, 'the: Hadji.?
attire. " ~ ' . ... '\u25a0 ' ' . •* ? * .
..-.--•\u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 , • <
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
"Won't you sling that filthy nightgown thing of yours
overboard," he asked, "and have a wash? I can rig you
cut with some pyjamas from the slop chest.". ,',...
But Cortolvin would not change his, dirt and squalor
just then. He had worn it too long to' be affected by it;
"and," said h<?. "I don't want to advertise the fact that I'm
an Englishman just at present. If my dear friends down
yonder on the lower deck knew it. they'd not wait for the
engines to be repaired. They'd fizzle up Just like gun
powder, there and then, and the whole lot of us white men
would be pulled into tassels before we'd time» to think."
"I don't know about that,", said Kettle. "I've faced
some of the ugliest crowds that have floated on the 1 seas
before this, and they thought they wer« going to have it
all their, own way, but they found that when it came to
shooting- that I could keep my end up very handily."
He waved his guest to a deck chair, placed a box of
cheroots hospitably open on the chart table, and then he
went outside the" charthouse and leaned over the bridge
deck rail. The awning above him threw a clean-cut shade
which swung to and fro as the Saigon rolled over the faint
oily swell; and outside its shelter the sun's rays fell like
molten brass, and the metal work was hot enough to raise
a blister. The air was motionless and. stagnant, and greasy
with the smell of humanity. The whole fabric of the
steamer, shimmered in the dancing heat.
For the' dense mass of pilgrims below the situation
approached the' intolerable. I^eft to itself, the rusted Iron
dock beneath their bare skins would have grown hot
onough to char, them. Nothing. but a constant sluicing with
water made it in any way to be endured. And as the
water from alongside camo up to them as warm as ; tea, it
did but little to refrosh. V
The, African can withstand most temperatures which
are thrown- from above on the face of this ; planet, but
oven the African can at times die from heat as glibly as
his betters. Even as Kettle watched, one of the pilgrims,
a griztle-headed Hausa from the western Soudan, was
contorted with' heat apoplexy:, breathed stertorously for a,
minute or so; and then lay still, and immediately became a
prey to flies innumerable, two of his nearest comrades be
stirred themselves to look at him. pronounced that life was
extinct; ;. stood ; . up, and, with an effort, carried the body
out of the press and heaved it over the hot iron bulwark
Into the oily sea t>eneath. It is not good that the dead
should remain with the Quick even for minutes in circum
stances such a3 those.
And while the bearers carried him away, an old white
haired negro from Sokoto stood upon his feet, swaying
to the iroll of the ship, and faced the heat-blurred east
with bowed head. Aloud he bore witness that God was
groat, and that Mahomet was the prophet of God, and
that of mortals each man's fate wa3 writ big upon his
forehead. And then the rest of the pilgrims bent their
foreheads to the torturing deck*^>lates and made profession
of the faith, following his words.
Captain Kettle from his stand against the rail of tha
bridge deck pitied the heathen, and thought with a com
placent sigh of a certain obscure chapel in South Shields:
but at the same time he could not avoid being impressed
by the heathens'' constancy. They might die. but they
forebore to curse God in doing It, and the omission gava
him an insight into the workings of fatalism which made
him think more of what Cortolvln has said.
Every man among the pilgrims had sword, or spear,
or mace, or rifle within grip of his Qst; and as a fighting
foree — with fatalism to back them — he began to realize
that they could make a very ugly company to maneuver
against. A regulation of the pilgrim trade requires that
all weapons ahall be taken from this class of passengers
during the voyage, but Kettle had omitted to disarm them
through sheer contempt for what they could do. If they
chose to fight among themselves, that was their own.
concern; it never even occurred to him as they camo off
Jcddah quay, noisy and odorous, that they would dare to
contend against his imperial will; but now he sincerely
wished that the means of serious offense were not so
handy to their fingers.
I do not say that he was afraid, for knowing him
well, I honestly believe that the little ruffian has never
yet feared man that was born of woman; but the safety
of the Saigon was a matter just then very near to his
heart, and he had forebodings as to what might happen
to her.
- He went Back again inside the charthouse. sat him
self upon the <*ofa, and ' ran a finger round inside the
collar of his white drill coat.
"i>o you like the cheroots, sir?" he said to his tattered
guest.
"Nice cheroots," said Cortolvin: "wonder how many
I'll smoke. Those True Believers are a pretty tough
crowd, aren't they? There's one Soudanese fellow ia a
Darfur suit of mall. Did you notice him? He's been a
big war sheik in his day. He helped to smash up Hicks
Pasha's army, and commanded a thousand men at the
storming of Khartoum: but he got sick at Mahdllsm about
a year back, and set out to perform the HadJ. When it
comes to fighting, you'll see that man will shine."
-"He shall have my first shot." said Kettle.
"It surprises me," said Cortolvin. "that you ever went
in for this pilgrim-carrying business at all. You must
have been pretty hard pushed, captain."
"Hard wasn't the word for it." said the shipmaster
with a sigh. "I met misfortune, sir. in Chile. I disagreed
with my employer, who was a lady, and went" off cruising
in a boat by, myself. A tea steamer picked me up- and
put me In Colombo. I got from there to Bombay as second
mate of a tramp, but I couldn't stand the old man's
tongue, and went ashore without my wages. I guess, sir,
I'm no good except In command; I can't .take an order
civilly.
!> v-"Well, in Bombay I'd a regular nipgut time of It. I
bummed round the: agents* offices till I almost blushed to
look at their punkah-coolies; but I'd no papers to show
that would do me any good: and none of them would
give me a ship the size of a rice mat.
"At last, when I was getting desperate, and pretty
near put to going to 'sea before the mast, a Cardiff man
I once knew came to the lodgings and gave me a tip.
He'd been master of a country steamer; he"d been sacked
the didn't deny It) for drunkenness; he'd not drawn a
sober breath for months, and didn't see any prospect of
changing his habits; and there was the berth vacant,
and I "might have it for the asking.
. To Be Concluded Next Sunday.IN THE AVBSENCE OF RULES
(Copyright by the S. S. McClure Company.)
_. _— «^ X iuid a pig when we was down on the Little
\ X I Chantay Seeche. The Doctor begjjed him off 3.
\J \y rancher, to e*t up the scraps around the catrs>
» V A neat person was the Doctor, and a durned good
oo ok.
We called him the Doctor because he wore specs — that's
ks good a claim as many has to the title. His idee was
that when the pis? got fat he would seil him lor lots of
money, but long before Foxey IJill (which was piggy) had
reached the market stage, money couldn't buy him. He was
a. great pig. My notion of hogs previous to my ac<iunint
;mce with him was that they were dirty, stupid critters,
without any respectable feelings. Perhaps it's because ani
i.ials get man-like when you associate with 'em a' great
deal, or perhaps Foxey Bill was an unusual proposition; but.
anyhow, he was the funniest, smartest brute 1 ever see, a.yd
we thought a slew of him.
Clean was no name for his personal appearance- Every
Sunday the Doctor took a scrub brush and piggy went down
to the creek and combined 'c-.-.i with] the kinU jissl3tknc*>'
Of a cake of .soap. Then Foxcy just shone white as Ivory,
ai.d he'd trot around in front of us. gruntin' to attract our
attention, till everybody said, "Wlfa.t a beautiful, clean pig 1
— ain't lie Just right?" Then he'd grunt his' thaaks to the
company nnd retire behind the shack for a nap. Wo u?cd
to fair kill ourselves laughing at that darned pig. He had
the most wheedlin' squeal, ?o soft and ple.tdin": and he'd
look up at you with them skim-milk eyes or" his so pitiful,
when he wanted a chunk of sugar, that you couldn't refuse
him.
And knowing! Honest, lie knew more'n some men.
One day old Wind River was tollin' s.inie things d'that
might have happened to him) in his usual v.-ay, 'otin' most
careful to get the dat^s and all dead right, ynu know
"now. was his name Pete, after all? Comes to my mind it
was Willyam — Wjliyam Perkins — Well— Cut, anyhow, hire:
and me. we saw that Injun," and so forth. This was a Sun
day, and the gang of us sittin' in a circle, fixing leathers
and oae thing and another and misstatin' history faster
than a horse could trot, with Foxey Bill in the middle, cock
ing his head from one speaker to another, t.ikin* it all in.
At last Wind River wound i*p the most startlin" and
unlikely collections of facts he'd favored us with for some
time. Up gets Foxey witfcra shriek and gallops around the
house. Any man with the rudiments of inttrlligcn.-e would
know he v.as hollerin': "Well, that's just too much for me;
ta-ra-ruml"
Wis.d River looked scart. "Say!" says he. "Sdv! Thet
hawg knows I'm er-lyin' jes' *es well's I do." After that
old Windy used to talk to the pig as though they'd beer,
raised together.
Foxcy Bill made one miscalculation. He thought he
•was a small pet, like a cat. This didn't jibe with the 503
pounds of meat he toted. And. like a cat. one of his prin
cipal amusements was to have his back scratched. If you
didn't pay attention to him when he squealed so pretty for
you to please curry him with a board, he'd hump up his
Lack like a cat, and rub against your legs. You instantly
landed on your scalp-lock and waved the aforesaid legs in
the air. Of course, when the other fellers saw this comin',
they didn't feel it restin' on their conscience to call yor
attention to it — !n fact we sometimes busied one another
talkin' to give Fox<^- a fair field. So Foxey had thing's his
own way around the diggin's for some time.
Then comes bow-Jegged Hastings, our boss, with a ram
tied hard ami fast In the bottom of the wasoni He ox
plains to us that the ram is valuable, but that he's butted
merry Halifax out of everything down to home, and he
don't want to shut him up. so will we pleans t&ke care of
him? And we said No — Wanitchee heap — we guessed not—
never.
Then Hastings got mad and talked to us, flyin 1 his
hands. Such a disobligln', stubborn, sour outfit he never
saw. ho said. What was the use of his bein' boss, when
we just laid awake nights thinkin' up disagreeable things
to do to him? Was there ever a time that he'd asKed us
to do this or that, that every man in reach didn't r'ar up
r^nd jump down his throat? He said he'd rather be a nigger
tooster on a condemned Government steamboat than bear
the title of boss of such a rag-chewln\ hide-bound set of
mules; kick, kick, kick — nothin* but kick, and life wasn't
worth jJvin*.
So then he went behind the shack and pouted. Well,
we liked Hastings, and this made us feel bad — that's th«
way he worked us. * -* %
The Doctor he fried up a dish of all sorts in his hap
piest manner and took It around In a cheerful voice. No.
Didn't want food. Heart was broke. So then we all went
and apologized and agreed to keep the ram. Then Hastings
recovered and we had that cussed sheep on our hands and
feet and all over us.
Well, it was like the devil enterin* a happy home As
for Foxey. he just took one long look at the brute, curlin"
and uncurlin' his little tail; then "Hunghr says he." and
Minked his eyes shut, walkin* away from there. I've seen
times when I'd liked to been able to use. the English of
that grunt to thoroughly acquaint some gentleman of how
little I thought of him, but I ain't got the gift of speech.
It was an awful call-down — but the sheep he didn't care.
If there was such a filing as a foolish Sheeny, that's what
a sheep would remind me of.
But the rest of us run into practical applied trouble
in Its various branches. There's one night the Doctor
etarts for the cabin with a mess of flapjacks in his hands,
and the sheep comes up and pushes him in the pistol pocket
so that the Doctor goes sailing into the drink with a stock
of brown checks hcverin* all around him.
Then Wind River shows his one tooth and rocks on his
' THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
heels, hollerlir and
iaughin', and the
sheep rise» up and
smites him on the
hip and thigh so he
Hew after the Doc
tor like a gray-whis
ered skyrocket, with
a ha-l.a! cut in two
in the middle."
"Wcosh!'' says o'd
"Windy as he comes
up. "111, there,
tocky! I'll beat you
ashore!" He \v-,-.s a
handy witted old
Oiaha n n a. t h at
Windy* and " yen
<"l.ln't put the kybcsU
on him -«.-asy. \u25a0 So it
wfnc with all of
us. That ram come
out of ro-where-at
ail another night
and patted me on the
ftumm'ck fo I pretty
near fainted. 1 tried
to twist his cussed
head oft" his shoul
ders, but he'd knock
ed the wind out of
me so it wa? like
fightin'," an army in
a nightmare. I was
giad when the boys
come out and pried
me loose. Oh, oh!
How we hated that woolly, bleatln' fool of a sheep!/ •'/" -. :
•"Well," says Windy, "I'm layin' fur th' day he snaggles
himself up with Foxey Bill. You're goin' to see a nice
quiet sheep after that happens."
The rest of us had lots of faith in Billy, but we couldn't
see where he stood a show to win.
"Shucks!" says Steve. "The sheep'll knock the bacon
out of him. The Lord knows I don't want to see it. but
that's what's got to happen. Poor Bill ain't onto his stylo
of fightin' at all. You know how pigs make war—- standin'
side by side, tryln'to hook each other in the flank, gruntin'
and circlin" around. with little. quick steps— how's that goin'
toapply to this son-of-a-gun that hits you a welt like a
domestic cannon and then chases himself off to the skyline
for another try?"
"Well," cut In the Doctor. "I ain't a-sayin' how— but
Bill does him. all the same— bet your life!" ; . . '
"You talk feeble-minded," say 3 Steve. ""Nobody'd more
like to believe you than me, but>the points ain't oh the
cards. It'll be just like that Braddock campaign agin the
Injuns. There goes the Britishers (that's Bill) ambltn' gaily
through the woods, dressed up in; red and marchin'* arm to
arm, for f ear : some careless; Injun would miss 'em. and
there's the Injuns (that's that durned ram) off in the woods
jumpln' up and down with pleasure and surprise. 'Oh.
Jimmy!" hollers the Injun to his little boy., 'Run get grand- :
j»a,. Towser, mamma, and the baby — -everybody's goin' to
pick one of these and take it horne — no Injun so poor but
what he's entitled to at least one Englishman."'
. ;.-':^That's all right," says Windy.' "But Where's your
Injun now?", \u25a0
\. .'^"Well," says Steve, flabbergasted, "that's kind of "true,
itoo; he has vanished some!"
-' "I . bet you money," says the Doctor, "that Bill does
,hlm." . ; ..' : •
"I hate to rob the poor In mind," says Steve. "And yef
I'd like to lose that bet— make it a month's wages?"
. . "I'm for standin' by my friends," says the Doctor. "I'll
bet you' up to the "first of January." \
"Got you," says Steve. • "You know where you can bor
row chewin', anyhow. Any other gentleman want part of
this?" . ;j _, - .;_ - '-...'\u25a0'., - '- ;\u25a0'
Steve" had money r he'd drew out of his poker game up
town, so'the- rest 'of us stood not* to live high until after
January first, if-Foxey "Bill didn't lick sheep. "We
didn't believe he' would, still,- he carried our money.
*•••;\u25a0. /.Well, sir. It was'a^tough time} waiting for. the. combat
to come off. 4 Bill simply despised the sheep. Couldn't stand
near, to him. -./.-.The only time he'd stay by, the house was
when the sheep was off some Where's.- And, of course, it was
HENRY WALLACE PHILLIPS
strictly against* the rules for any person to aid. abet or help
cither warrior, or interfere in any way. shape or manner.
I xvsLa two mile out from camp on Christmas day. when
I heard "Ke-bar-g, ke-bang, ke-bankety, bang-bang-bang
l>ang!". The Doctor was losin' oft all the guns in the shack
to once. I hollered to Steve, him to Windy, and then we
Hew for home, leavin'. the calves to their own responsi
bilities for » while.
The ', other boys was o hand when we arrived, their
faces shinin* with excitement, aird^yeUln* to us for the love
of Moses to shake a ( leg before it was too late.
Poor Billy was pickin* himself up. after rollln' over
three timea;-and tho durned ram was prancin' away, wlg
glin* his tail like little boys does their fingers with a thumb
to the nose.
The Doctor, explained to us. while we was waltin' for
the next jar. "There's Bill." says he, "eathV his Christmas
breakfast out of his half-a-burrel as quiet and decent a
Htizen «s you'l! find anywheres. That's his grub and he
don't like grass. Well, what must that quarilsome hunk
of horns and mutton do but try to shove htm away from
there. AUnd you. that ram .does like grass, and he's got
several thousand square miles of it to lunch on — but, no
sir! \u25a0 What h* must have is a hunk of bread out of Billy's
barrel. Now, Billy's no hog — he let's him have the piece
of bread — then the ram wants the hull barrel: hoops, staves
and all. That's too hootin" goldarn many for anybodjr to
stand, by 99 per cent, so EIII slams him one. The ram
walks oil and fetches him a swat like hittln' a side of beef
with a fourteen-foot board. Poor old Bill rolls three
bards. Then he ts.kcs after the. brute, but the rams runs
p. way a? i-sua*. Billy thinks the fight Is over and goes on
\y"tr- his eatin*. You're just in time to see the end of the
second round. Bill's goin" to lick him, but cuss me if 1
see how. He can't get at that blaatin', skippin' mess of
wickedness. He don't understand at all. If the sheep
would give him one fair hack, he'd show him! Look! Oh,
Lordy! There he goes again! Damn that sheep!"
It was an awful sight for Billy's friends to witness.
I'll never tell you how many times he went rollin' down the
hill only to come back as game and useless as a rooster
fightin' his reflection in a lookin* glass. He'd chase after
thesheep, gruntin' fierce, but pshaw! the crltter'd simply
trot right away from him, wigglln' that insultin* tail in his
face. Old Bill's tall was colled as tight as a watch-spring
with racre. . "
. "He'll do him." says the Doctor. "He sure will! Now
you wait.
""I .im waltin',", says Steve, at the end of the twentietH
round. "Waitin"an" waitin'. The only play that I see Billy
i.iakin' fs for the sheep to break his nec^buntin* him. You
hand me that rifle. I'll now bet the crowd there's a dead
sheep here in five seconds by the watch. I can't stand
this." .. -Z ';,;-
But we wouldn't let him cut in. Fair play Is fair p!a/.
"Boys." says Wind River, soft, "BUI has laid hu ropes
— I sco it in his eye!"
"G'war, !" sa\-3 Steve. "You see It in your own eye!"
"Well, you* watch," says Windy. . "Bill and ma has been
pretty well acquainted ever since that day he called me a
liar — look at him now!"
Sure enough. Bill was nosin* his barrel away from the
house. I couldn't see the point exactly, but took it on faith.
He was knocked galley-west and crooked three times
before he moved the thing a rod, but whatever he had in
his mind, he calmly went on with it as soon as he got up.
"Oh. thunder!" says the. Doctor. "See, him now! Billy,
you're an old fool! You'll get butted plumb. into the crifc
next pass!" For BUI had pushed the barrel to within five
foot of the edge of the creek. And when he heard the Doc
tor talk, I'll take my oath that pig looked up and smiled.
"He's got him now!" says Wind River. "He's got him
now, for all my next year's salary! I see it in his face!"
And Windy was so dead sure he Impressed the rest of
us. So there's silence while old Foxey Bill is chewin' away
in the barrel, and the ram is comin* over the grass —
t-r-rint, t-r-rint — as hard as he can paste her. head down
and eyes shut. Bill, he don't see anything, either, until
there, ain't more'n three foot of air between 'em, and then
he jumps aside.
"Swoosh !" goes the ram into the water, and Billy
straightens out his little curly tail and waves it in the air
like a flag. And holler! I wisht you could have heard that
pig. Nothin' could have been more human. "I've got the
deady-deady on you, you hook-nosed, slad-slded. second
cousin of a Government mule!" says he. "Oh! I've got you
where I want you and the way I want you, and it's up to
you to convert yourself into cash at the earliest oppor
tunity, for you won't be worth much in the market when
I'm tired of my fun!" This he says as he gallops to the
other side to head the sheep off, hi 3 mild blue eye on fire.
I -tell -you it' 3 dangerous to rouse a fat person with a mild
blue eye.
• ' A "sheep don't swim much better than a mowln* ma
chine', and this feller got desperate —^e was for the shore,
no matter what broke. And Bill ripped the wool out of him
for fair as he tried to scramble up.
"Our fight. Steve!" says the Doctor. "I knew he'd do
him all the. time! You throw up the sponge and we'll yank
the critter out!"
"Let him drown," says Steve. "I don't like him. hide
nor hair — and besides, think what he's cost me."
Butthat wouldn't do. Hastings would have looked so
mournful, happiness couldn't get along in the same terri
tory with him. So out comes Mr. Ram. Done. Everlast
ingly done. All in and the cover screwed down We pointed
?^ r^ CT t. at hsra and dld a v/ar dance around him. sayin'-
Agh-hagh! You will, will you? Now. don"t you wish you'd
been good!' He hadn't a word to say. And that good o!a
Billy, he comes up and rubs Wind River's legs out from
under nim just as natural as ever, not set up or swell
headed a bit. like the gentleman he was.
"The ram eat his grass and minded his own business
from that Christmas time on. . , "««DusinessCopyright. l»05. by S. S. McClure.
ON Thanksgiving day. 187 — . Private Dennis Hogan.
Company B. Twenty-ninth United States Infantry,
the telegraph operator at Fort Flint. Montana, sat
in his dingy little office In the headquarters building com
muning with himself and cursing the forte of circum
stances that had made him a soldier. The instruments
were quiet, a good Thanksgiving dinner had been en
ioyed and now the smoke from Dennis' old T D pipe curled
in graceful rings around his red head. He was an extra
ordinarily good operator. But some eighteen months be
fore he had arrived at St. Louis "dead broke." and finding
all the telegraph positions taken and promising, appar
t-ntly, to remain so eternally, he had desperately enlisted
in the army. The tbree months of recruit training well
nigh wore him out. but he stuck to it. and two months
later he was detailed as telegraph operator, vice Adams of
G company, discharged.
At 4 o'clock in the afternoon in question he was
aroused from his reverie by the sounder calling "F N"
vigorously. He answered and this is the message he took.
"Department headquarters, St. Paul, Minn., November
L' 6. 1ST — .
"Commanding OSicer Fort Flint. Montana: Sioux ln
uians out. Prepare your command for instant Meld serv
ing thirty days' rations^ UOO 'rounds of ammunition p^r
man. Wire when ready. By command of Major General
Wherry. SMITH. Assistant Adjutant General."
Dennis was messenger boy as well as operator, and
without waiting to make an impression copy, he grabbed
his hat and fleu down the line to the colonel's quari-ers.
At S o'clock that night Colonel Clarke telegrapHed to
his chief that his command was ready, and at midnight he
received orders to proceed the next morning at da.viight.
:>y forced marches, up to the junction of the forks of the
IlVd Bud. take position ih^re and intercept the Indians
should they attempt to cross. Two regiments from the
northern posts were to reach there about the same time,
and the combined strength of the 1 three commands was
supposed to be sufficient to drive back any body of In
dians.
Xow, Hogan wasn't of much note as a garrison soldier
but when an opportunity for a real fight presented Itself
;.!1 the Irish blood in his nature came to the surface, and
sifter much pleading and begging he was allowed to join
liis companj 1 . He was in srrrat glee and soon had his kit
ail packed. Two weeks before he had been put repairing
the line and when he returned to the post lie had left a'
Finiill pocket instrument and a fen- feet of wire in his
;;aversaik. He saw these things now and was about to
DENNIS HOGAN
HOW HE SAVED THE 29TH
IB \ ve&:f* :
remove them, but something Impelled him to take them
along. •
The next morning as the first dim shadows of dawn
stole over the show-clad earth the gallant Twenty-ninth,
£00 strong-, swung out on its long tramp.
The weather turned bitter cold and after seven days
of the hardest kind of marching the Twenty-ninth
«>urlie<l mid crossed the. Red Bud just below the junction
of the forks. A strong position was token and e\ - ery dis
position made to prevent surprise. The expected rein
forcement would surely come soon and then all would be
safe. But the next day passed with no sign of the rein
forcement. That night queer-looking red blows were' seen
at intervals on the horizon — north, west "and east on the
north side of the. river and to the south on the other side.
Colonel Clarke was old nnd tried In the business of In
tiiiiii v.-isrfare and well did he know what these fires meant
— Indians, and many of them, all around his command.
Ilia hope was that the two regiments still to arrive would
strike them In rear while he attacked them in front.
The next morning first one. then two, three, four, a
humlrrd, ;i thousand figures, mounted on fleet-footed pon
ies, appeared silhouetted against the clear sky, and it was
not ionsj bi-fore the little command found themselves corn
llett-ly he mined in by a much superior force. Slowly they
urew their lines closer and by 11 o'clock a battle had be
gun.
>. "Husband your fire, men. Don't shoot until you have
taken deliberate aim/ and can see the object aimed at,"
was the word passed along the line by. Colonel Clarke.
From behind hastily constructed • shelter trenches the
soldiers fought off the encircling band.' As the firing of
the Indians continued It became more and moro- evident
that every avenue of retreat was snut off. And where
was the reinforcement? Why didn't it come?
Colonel Clarke, early In the evening, of the third- day.
made up his mind to ask for a volunteer to try to get
beyond the Indian lines, make his way to Fort Scott, sixty
rnlles distant, and seek reinforcements there. Six troops
of the Eleventh Cavalry were* stationed there, and if all
went well In three days' time they could be at, hand. The
word was passed along the .line and met with many re
<-pon?os. As the colonel was about to choose First Lieu
tenant Jarvis, Hogan appeared before him, saluting with
military precision, and said:
"Beg^g-In' your pardon, colonel, I think I can-tell ye a
better way. The telegraph line from Scott to Kearney
runs just tv/enty-five miles beyant here to the southwards.
Ip at. the end of our line, on the other, soide of the river,
is. a deep ravine. If I can, get across with a good horse
and slip through the Indian lines on that soide I can, by
hard riding; roach th:s line in two or three hours. I have
a pocket instrument with nxe and can cut in and ask for
THE .SAN; FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
reinforcements from Fort Scott. If, the line is down I can
continue on to the post. Please let me try it, colonel.
Lieutenant Jarvis has a wife and two children, and his
loss would be felt, while I—lI — I haven't any one. sir, and
besides I'm an Irishman, and, you know, colonel, an Irish
man is a fool for luck." This last was said with a broad
grin..
Colonel Clarke knitted his brows for a minute and then
said: "All right, Hosati; I'll let you try it. Take my horse
and start at 3 o'clock in the morning. Do your* best, , my
man. The lives of this command depend on your efforts.
God be with you!" ' *
"If -I! fail, colonel, it will be because I'm dead, sir."
Shortly before 3 o'clock the next morning Dennis
made ready forhis perilous ride. The horse's hoofs were
carefully padded; ammunition and revolver werje looked
after, and he fastened the pocket instrument around his
neck by .the wire so that if any happened to the
horse he would not be unnecessarily delayed. ".
The horse ,\vas a magnificent •Kentuckian and seemed
to know what was required of him. Curefully and slowly
Hogan pushed his way to 4 a point opposite the ravine and
then giving his mount a. light touch with his spurs he
took to the water. The stream .was only about fifty yards
wide and in- ri" few minutes he was safely over and climb
in t? up the other bank. Riding up through the ravine he
finally reached, the end of it and stopped on high ground.
Here lie rested, a minute to see if all was well. Appar-'
ently it was; he had got safely beyond the Indian line.
He was. just congratulating- himself on the fact when, di
rectly In front of him. he saw the dim outlines of a mount
ed Indian. Quick as a flash he pulled his revolver and an
other Indian had gone to the happy hunting ground. The
noise of the shot raised a general alarm. Hogan drove the
spurs deep in his horse's flanks and was away with the
s>peed of the wind. But a perfect swarm of Indians fol
lowed, yelling and shooting. On, on he sped, bullets pat
tering all about him. Whenever the opportunity offered
; his own revolver' spoke and more than one saddle was
thereby emptied. Then suddenly he felt a sharp, stinging
paininhis right shoulder and but.for a convulsive grasp
of the pommel.wlth his left hand he would have pitched
headlong to the ground. But no. he told himself, he must
not give up now! The lives of his comrades depended on
Ills succeeding. An hour and' a half more and he would
have sent the message arid then the Indians might do with
him what they could.
There now came a lull in the firing. He drew rein and
listened.-: Not a sound could be heard. Ij had begun to
snow and rays of light on the Eastern horizon heralded
the approach of day. ll* had outbidden his pursuers!
Giving his faithful horse a grateful pat on the neck he
starte- =n. asain 'iding sviftly. He had come within a
• \u25a0
few miles of the line, when, chancing to glance back, he
saw that one Indian still followed him. It was a simple
case of man against man. But unfortunately Dennis had
now fired away all hl« ammunition save one cartridge.
\u25a0Slowly the Indian -grained . on him and he saw the need
of resorting: to his last cartridge press nearer and nearer.
He was now not more than half a qjille from the line: he
could see the poles. If when the moment came, as It
soon must now. the God of battles would guide his bullet
in the. rteht direction, hi 3 message could be sent and his
comrades rescued.- But 'lf the bullet went wrong? His
wounded right arm was numb from pain and his left not
of the steadiest. He pushed* on, resolutely, getting still
nearer ito his goal. Then crack went a rifle and a* bullet
whlzzed f rby his head. "Not this time, ye red dlvil!"
: shouted «D3nnis defiantly and there whizzed by a second.
Dennis'dropped off his horse and. wheeling quickly about,
flung himself on his stomach and taking a careful aim
over his wounded -right arm, fired. The shot' apparently
went true; the Indian pitched headlong off his horse.
With an exultant shout Hogan jumped up and started
for the line. Nothing could thwart him now. Loss of
Mood and the intense cold had weakened him so that his
legs were shaky; the e&rth seemed going around, dark
spots were dancing before his eyes; but with a superhu
man effort he stagsrered on and was aoon at the line.
The wire was strung on light lances and if Dennis
had been In full strength he could have pulled one down.
He threw his weight against a lance with all his force,
but to no avail. What was he to do? But sixteen feet
intervened between him and the wire. The horse. -when
Dennis jumped off, had run a little ways and, then stopped,
only too glad to rest. He was now standing near Dennis,
as if waiting to be of further use. Dennis' eyes lighted
on the horae-halr lariat attached to the saddle. Quickly
undoing it he. tied one end with difficulty to the pommel
and the other to the lance. Then he gave the horse a
sharp blow. The horse pulled away and down came the
lance. Making the connections to the pocket Instrument
as best he could with one hand, he placed the wire across
a sharp rock and a few blows with the butt of his re
volver cut it.
Private Dunn, the operator at Fort Scott, opened up
his office bright and early one cold morning and mar
veled to find the wire working clear to Kearney. After
having a talk with the man at Kearney about the Indian
trouble he was sitting around like Mr. Mlcawber. when
he heard the .sounder weakly calling "F S." Quickly ad-
Justing down, he answered, and this is what he took:
"Commanding Officer. Fort Scott. Montana.
"Twenty-ninth Infantry surrounded by large body
hostile Sioux Just north of junction of the forks of the
Red Bud. Colonel Clarke asks for immediate reinforce
ments. Ammunition almost gone. Situation desperate. I
left the command at 3 this morning. DENNIS HO — "
Then blank — the sounder was still and the line re
mained open. \u25a0 The sending had been weak and shaky, as
i: the sender had been out all nicht. Dunn didn't wait to
pick up his hat, but fairly flew to the commanding officer's
quarters. ,The colonel was not up yet, but the sound of
animated voices in the hallway caused him to appear at
the >hend of the stairs in his dressing gown. "What Is It,
Dunn?" 1 he asked!
"A message, sir. from the Twenty-ninth -Infantry say
ing they arc surrounded by the Sioux and want help."
Colonel Foster read the message and then said to
Dunn: "Have the; trumpeter sound 'Boots and saddles.'
Present ray compliments to the adjutant and say I desire
him to report to me at once. Kraus" — this to his Dutch
striker — "saddle my horse and get my field kit ready. Be
quick about it!"
A few men had seen Dunn rushing to the colonel's
r ; uavters and suspected tliat something was up, so they
were not surprised to hear "Boots and saddles" ring out a
lew minutes later on the clear morning air.
The sound of the! firing: across the river, shortly after
Ilogrin left the Twenty-ninth, was plainly heard by *fals
lomnidps, and many a, man exclaimed, "It's all up wit'a
L>c::ny." But the firing frrew more distant, and Colonel
Clark*- began to hope that Hogan had eluded his pursuers
a/rid determined to hold out as long as he could. A hard
itnd trying: tiay followed. The Indians never for a mo
ment relaxed th«?ir vigilance and missed no. opportunity to
deal a blow. Toward 2 o'clock of the afternoon Cdlonel
Clarke, chancinpr to expose himself, got a Winchester bul
let through hJs- thigh. Brave old chap! Never for an in
stant did he giv? up. but after having his wound dressed
as bout it could be done, hr Insisted on remaining near the
line. Lieutenant Jarvis received a shot in the arm. Cap
tain Beiknap of E company was killed and scores of other
l.ravo men were sent to their last reckoning. As the
Elwides of the winter evening crept silently over the earth
the firing: died away and the command settled down to an
r.ther nlsht of the tersest anxiety and watching. When
would it end? Why did those northern regiments -not
tome? Had IJoKan succeeded in his perilous mission?
Such were the anxious c:ucstic»n<s. that the men asked them
selves.
About S o'clock Lieutenant Tracy, the adjutant, was sit
ting b3" his chief, who was apparently asleep. Suddenly
Colonel Clarke sat up and catching Tracy by the arm. said.
'Hark! What's that noise?"
"Nothing, sir, nothing," replied Tracy. "Lie down and
try to rest: you need it. sir." And then aside: "Poor old
chap, his mind wander?." / v !f
'"No, no, Tracy. Listen, man. don't you hear it? It
sounds like the beat of many horses' hoofs. Reinforce
ments arc cominz!" . .
There was heard the snap of tnu.«ketd: then a clear
voic?. rung out: I ' ••flight front into line! Gallop! -March!
Charge!" Those sturdy chaps of the Eleventh Cavalry,
true to their regimental traditions, had arrived, and.
plunging in among: the Indian*. w*-re now scattering them
like so much chaff. The Twenty-ninth, all that was left
of it. was saved.
When a little later Colon**! Foster leaned over his old
friend Colonel Clarke, the latter feebly asked, "Where is
Hogan?" .
"Hojjan? Who is Hosan?" asked Foster. ; ; •;
'•Why. Hogan was the man who got beyond the Indian
lines and /ode to Inform you of our plight. Didn't you see
him?" ,
"No, I didn't see him." and Foster related how the in
formation reached him.
A rescuing: party was started out. and in the pale
moonlight they came, upon the«body of poor Dennis., lying
under the telegraph line. His left hand still grasped the
Instrument and the key was still open. A bullet hole in
his head told plainly enough how he had met his death.
Beside him lay. the Indian, dead also.' one hand grasping
Hogan's scalp lock, the other clasping a scalplng-knife.
Hogan's shot had mortally wounded him in the left breast,
but. with all the vengeful determination of his race, he
had still crawled forward on his hands and knees, and.
while Hogan was intent on sending his precions message,
had shot him through the head, but not until the warning
had been given. Then his own death overtook him before
he could. execute his last cruel design of taking Hogan's
scalp. Hogan's faithful horse was standing near, as It
keeping watch over his late friend.
They buried Dennis where he lay. and the traveler
passing over that traK will observe a solitary grave
marked by a stone, on which is inscribed:
nnxxis hog an*.
Private Company B. !»th V. S. Infantry
He Died That Others Might Live.THE f.-ut tiiat my book. '•The Cruise of the Mudskow
ski." sold well was almo.n entirely due to Reggy
Stewart.
My cousin Helen says that I am too modest: that
tho book would have sold anyhow; that never since
G<orge Eliot laid down her pen has such an able sea story
been written, but she knows mighty little about books,
and when I faced her down I found she meant Clark Rus
sell instead of Geoi-JT" Kliot. , :
You poo, the publication of the book was delayed ow
ing to a printer's strike, and it did not get into the book
stores until a few days before Christmas, and by that time
ell the books that were going to sell were going like hot
cakes and they shoved "The Mudskowski" off into a corner
where no one could sec- It.
1 know this is so because I went into ten book stores
.md in each case when I asked for it the clerk at first said
they were all out of it and offered me "Tom Cringle's Log'
or "The Cruise of the Cachelot" or "The Pirate" in place of
it. but when I said I had particular reasons for wanting
that one they looked it up and in each case brought me the
only two copies they had thought it worth while to buy,
and then I had to say I only wanted to look at the pic
tures and see whether it was suitable for my nephew.
And in each case the clerk kept his or her temper, al
though it was so near Christmas and they were tired to
death. ;
Of course, it was merely my vanity that prompted me.
I wanted to see my book on sale. But my vanity received
several distinct shocks, for at least three of the salesmen
paid the book didn't look very inviting a.nd I'd better buy
Henty's latest if my nephew was a boy.
And in the last store the salesman was a real salesman,
and the first thing I knew he had sold me. my. own book
at list price, and 1 had not thought of asking for author's
discount until it was too late. •\u25a0 .
It was next day that I got a note from Reggy Stewart.
I suppose I ought to say something about him. He is
pretty well known to the public under another name and
for three reasons; he is very eccentric and he Is very rich
and he is a famous artist. He is the man who when he
was married gave the minister a pair of somewhat soiled
gloves and the minister, who was not at all well off and
who had really expected something big in- the way of a
fee. was nearly heart-broken. Of course, he realized that
it was just absent-mindedness on the part of Reggy and
he went to his wife almost weeping. He couldn't write -to
Reggy and s^y:
"Doar Sir — You- have inadvertently sent me a pair of
your old gloves. If you will send me my fee I will kindly
return them."
That wouldn't have done at all. because ministers have
theifown code of ethics and such a proceeding would have
L'oen unethical in the last degree.
But that minister had a wife who was intuitive to the
bottom of her cerebrum. She really ought to have been a
'novelist fnstead of being a minister's wife. Perhaps she
was for all I know. Most everybody is nowadays. Any
way she £ai<i, "Goosey, perhaps he 'has tucked a $100 bill
in the finger of one of them.*' '
1 So she turned one of • the gloves -inside-out and there
was nothing in it So she turned the other glove inside
out and then she fainted then and there. * .
Fainted right on a hardwood .floor, although she was
HOW THE "MUDSKOWSKI" WENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL."
CHARLES BATTELL LOOMIS
i)<> fainter, she knew a $1000 bill when she saw one and
that was what was in the .second glove.
If tin; minister had been l*>ft to himself he would have
chucked the gloves right into the rag bag, and they would
have 'made' some ragman and his wife happy. Bu» I'd
rather see a struggling minister happy than a ragman
liappy because I hate those bells.
That's the kind of man Reggy was and when I received
a letter from him postmarked Ard!ey, N. H. (his native
place); 1 felt sure that it would say "Climb to the. top oi
the obelisk, and see what you will lind."
I've known Keggy <_»ver since he was poor. When he
was a struggling artist he used to say that if he ever
struck oil (not oils) he-would do fairy stories all the while.
Now many m»-n forget their promises when they be
cc me rich, but Reggy is just as generous and just as whim
sical as he used to be \u25a0\u25a0 when, he was the pet of the Latin
quarter and showered centimes on the Parisian gamins
whenever lie sold a sketch to "Le Rirc."
Here's the letter. (Sorry to have kept you waiting.)
"Dear Buck. (He always calls mo Buck. Don't know
why.)
"If you will go to the store where I left the bill in a
ropy of your miserable book you arc welcome to it if
you find it. J told you not to write that story, as it was
not worthy of you, and I know you will need to be helped
until you have done something worth while. The book
will never sell so you need not hurry about, looking up
that particular copy, but I will say that it was In a store
above Eighth street and below Forty-second.
"Regular- Christmas weather up here and sleighing su
perb. REGGY."
You can imagine how I felt. Me down to <^0 and no
presents bought and there the very day before I had been
to all the leading stores and had bothered them about my
new books. But I knew perfectly well that there would
be at least $100 in the book when I found it. and so I
started out.
No, first I went over to my bookcase and searched
through the miserable book I'd bought the day before.
But it was not there.
I felt it was only too true that the book would not
sell. I had written it to please a publisher and not to
please myself, and such books ought not to sell.
I knew ,it was only a question of searching and if
necessary buying the fifteen or twenty books and that
would take up all my money. Still I'd be at least' $80
to the good.
Tried to find the book without bothering a clerk, but
they'd relegated it to an obscure corner again p.nd at
last I had to ask a young woman for it, and she spent,
five minutes hunting for it, and. when she handed it to
me and I hastily looked it through and saw there was
no money in it she asked me in such a tired way if she
should have it wrapped up that I- just went and bought
it. although I didn't need it.
Of course. I wanted to see the other copy, but she
hadn't brought that, so after the package had come to
me I unwrapped it and made believe there was a.smudge
on it — although I hated to bother, the poor* thing any
more — and she- brought me the other copy, and there on
the very first page was the title and nothing else. And
nothing else in the entire book that interested me.
I walked away without the book I had bought and
was In the next big book department before I realized it,
and then' l wouldn't go badt.
I had begun just after 9 o'clock and 12 found me well
up town with eight books growing heavier and heavier all
the time and nary a dollar in one of them, but me out
over $10. -And not a book had been sold except what I
had' bought. I couldn't forgive Reggy for gauging the
public taste so well, even though I felt grateful to him.
I think it was in the seventh store that I discovered
that a copy r liad been sold to a man and the clerk was
one of those observant fellows who are always drawing
conclusions. He laughed when I . asked him if the book
was selling well. He said. "There was a man* bought a
copy this morning who acted as if he was glad to get it.
Ho opened it in the middle and then he burst out laugh
ing and when it was wrapped up he left the store on the
double miick."
"Do you know who he was?"
"Only that he's a newspaper man: He lives in tho
Farragut Apartments around the corner."
I found his name after inquiring of pretty nearly
every salesman in the store and then in pure gratitude I
bought the other copy, although I had searched it and
found it moneyless and I hurried around to the rooms or
the newspaper man; why I do not know because findings
is keepings and always was.
I was lucky enough to find him in and in a very
Christmassy frame of mind. Ho offered me my choice of
seven kinds and I took a" little of. one and then I left
Christmassy. Not too much so but /just glad that we
were all brothers.
Yes, he had bought the book and was I' the author?
I told him I was and that I had a special reason for
wishing to sec his copy. Then I asked .him why he had
laughed when -he opened it and he. said, "Why, I've been
on the sea a good deal and I happened to open it on a
place where you spoke of the barnacle lamps instead of
the binnacle lamps and I was laughing at the funny mis
print."
I pounded the arm of my chair. "To think that I
should have made my habitual mistake in print. I know
the difference between barnacle and binnacle, but I never
can remember which Is right and I had actually written it
down and it had passed all the, proofreaders.
I looked through the book and after I found there was
nothing in it (thus forestalling tho critics) I told the
newspaper man why I. had been' so anxious' to look at it.
"It's a story," said he. „ i
"It's the truth." said I hotly.
"No,- no; I mean it's good for at least half a column
if you don't mird." .
"Go'ahcad." said I. "I believe in art for art's sake and.
all that sort of thing and tho more art the merrier, but
there's nothing in this world like advertising and you
can talk about me In every column, including the editorial
ones if you want to."
Well, he turned out to be a pretty good sort of fellow
and as it was lunch time I threw prudence to the winds
and asked, him to lunch with me.
I knew very well it was safe to let the rest of the
books lie in obscurity until afternoon. And I had but
four stores more to visit anyhow.
We had a cracking good lunch and felt Christmassicr
and Christmassler and then I borrowed $ft> from him (It
was the day after pay day, but he still had it) and I paid
forthc lunch with my own money and set a3lde his to
buy the rest of the books— telling him I'd let him In for a
Christmas idinner at Sherry's !M found the money. -. ;
Well that afternoon I took up my march again and
I went to- stores where they had not only never heard
of the book, but had never heard of me.
You'd be astonished to find how many thousand peo
ple have never heard of me. even now that t j "Mudskow
ski" has'made, 'me '.famous.*-,
• But although I spent all the rest of the money I could
not find a bill in. any of the books and so.it being so close
to Christmas I went around to the"hospital that's on the
next block and left the ! books there. Convalescents i are
not very particular about what r . they read and the "Mud
skowskl" sailed in pleasant waters whatever "else may
have been its defects. ;",'-;- *{t
The day before Christmas I bought a copy of the only
paper I ever read In the morning, because it is so amus
ing, nnd there on the first page (but those of you who
take it saw it for yourselves), there on the first page it
said:
"A ehaiipe to win money. A bill secreted in ;i book."
It wont on to say that the publishers of the Cruise
had put a SI OOO bill into a copy of it and that there was
no telling who wcmld get it. but that the book only co3t
$1 50, and it was worth that for Its reading matter and
would make a rattling good Christmas present.
• Well, I toll you I knew what would happen. I knew
what I would do if I read a thing like that. And I'm
just a human being like almost everybody else.
I don't know whether It was that the reporter mis
understood . me or whether he wanted to make -a better
story. I certainly never mentioned the word publisher.
I said Reggy Stewart as plain as could be. but. of course,
if he. had said I had bought all the books up and that
there were not more than twenty In New York no one
would have thought it a good story, and I believo ho
wanted to help me.
I was in Macywakers with Joe Climbers that morn
ing, lie had lent me ?3 with which to buy something
for the one who has since become my wife, and he
walked over to the book counter and while we were there
a stylish-looking young woman came hurriedly up to the
desk and said:
"I'd like to look at a copy of 'The Cruise of the Mud
skowskl.*
"All out. but we have"
The stylish young woman was red-haired and she said:
"I think it's a perfect shame the way you people
neglect to keep popular books. I've tried in two stores
and I can't get it."
And then a floorwalker came up and she began to
storm to him and while she was storming a man came up
and asked for it, and then two boys came together and
then an old lady and then a trampish-looking fellow with
his money all in small change.
The floorwalker went to see the manager of the book
department and the manager of the book department tele
phoned to Didd. Mode & Co. for twenty copies as fast as
they could send them.*
And before the day was over (as I learned afterward)
they sent. in two supplementary orders for 100 each.
And as it was at Macywakers. so It was at Glegel
Sooper's and at all the regular book stores.
It was wonderful how many people bought the book
and then hurried away like a dog with a bone., 1 suppose
they were afraid that some one would snatch the money
if It fluttered out from between the leaves.
Christmas came on Friday and It wa3 the merriest
Christmas I ever had in my life. The merriest and th«
This is why it was the merriest.
My publishers s*>nt me a telegram that ran:
"First edition exhausted. Likewise our clerks. Have
ordered an edition of 5000. Who did it?
- M DIDD. MODE & CO."
And the reason why it was the saddest was because
I was sorry that the book had not been a better one. but
it must have had something In It to commend it or tho
first edition would have been .the last and as those who
lollow book reports know. It went Into the six best seller
class inside of a month, and I was enabled to marry and
settle both down and up before the new year stopped
being new.
No one got the money and the literary periodical? de
plored the taste that would advertise a book in that way.
And then Didd. Mode & Co. published a disclaimer that ad
vertised the book still more.*
But the ciueer part is yet to come.
Christmas afternoon I sought out that newspaper man
— seeing he was a decent sort of chap and a bachelor,
and lonely and I asked him to come around to my room
and I'd give him the sequel of hi 3 story and then we'd
go out together. .;' ~. i':
It was a cold, snowy day. bully for rich people or
those comfortably clad, but a little hard on the poor, and
on the way to my lodgings we passed a Salvation Army
pot that needed to be- kept boiling and I said:
• . "Say. lend me $5 to chuck in here because you've
brought me luck. I'm sure of It."
He said he didn't see the logic of the remark, but he
was game and he chucked In his last five and that left
us without a cent. But I knew a man from whom I hat!
never Uorrowerf and Jt was Christmas and he h^a bowels
because he was poor himself once.
So we went around to my place and the newspaper
chap sat down and picked up the; book I had firat bought.
I had kept it lust for sentiment.,.
And do you know, when he picked it up he turned to
the page where that barnacle for binnacle slip occurred
and there wa^ a $500 bill!
I don't know how I had missed It. but I sat down and
wrote a, letter to Reggy up in New Hampshire with hts
eld folks, and then the newspaper chap and I wont out
to dlne-^— not at Sherry's because we wanted to be com
fortable, but at a little Italian Joint on the West Side and
—well, that was tho merriest Christmas I ever haC .
And I've forgotten how much change the waiter kept,
but he was happy, too.
' Copyright, 1905. by Samuel J. Tucker.(Copyright, by McClure, Phillips & Co.) .
£ £ V T isn't that I object to." protested the Easterner.
1 leaning forward from the rough log wall to give fm-
I phasis to his words, "for I,believe in every one hav
ing his fun his own way. If you're going in for" or
gies, why, have 'em good orgies, and be done with it.
But my kick's on letting these Innocent young girls who
are Just out for the fun — it's awful!"
"It's hell!" assented the Westerner, cheerfully.
"Now, look at that pretty-creature over there — "
The young miner followed his companion's gaze through
the garishly lit crowd. Then, as though in doubt as to
whether he had seen correctly, he tried It again.
"Which do you mean?" he asked, puzzled.
"The one in red. Now. she — "
The Westerner snorted Irrepressibly.
"What's the matter with you?" Inquired the Easterner,
looking on him with suspicious eyes.
The other choked his laugh in the middle and Instantly
assumed an expression of Intense solemnity. It was as
though a candle had blown out in the wind.
"Beg pardon. Nothing." he asserted with brevity of
enunciation. "Go on."
. The girl in red was standing tiptoe on a bench under
one of the big lanterns. She was holding her little palm
slantwise over the chimney, and by blowing against it was
trying to put out the lamp. Her face was very serious and
Hushed. Occasionally the lamp would flare up a little and
she would snatch her hand away with a pretty gesture of
dismay as the uprising flame would threaten to scorch it.
A grcup of Interested men surrounded and applauded her.
Two on the outside stood off the proprietor of the dance
hall. The proprietor was objecting.
"Well, then, just look at that girl. I say," the Easterner'
went on. "She's as pretty and fresh and innocent as a
mountain flower. She's having the time of her young life,
and she just thinks it :noans a good' time and nothing
else. Some day shrfli find out it means a lot else. I tell
you. It's awful!"
The Westerner surveyed h'.s triend'e flushed face with
silent amusement. The rirl finally succeeded in blowing the
light out, and everybody yelled.
"Same old fellow you were in college, aren't you, Bert?"
he said affectionately; "succoring the distressed and bor
rowing other people's troubles. What can you do?"
"Do. do! What can any man do! Take her out of this!
Appeal to her better nature!"
Bert started impulsively forward to where the girl —
with assistance — was preparing to jump from the bench.
The miner caught his sleeve in alarm.
"Hold on, don't make a row! Wait a minute!" he beg
ged; "she isn't worth it! There, now, listen," as the other
sank back expectantly to his former position. His banter
ing manner returned. "You and the windmills," he breath
ed, in relief. "I'll just shatter your ideals a few to pay for
that scare. You shall now hear a fact or so concerning that
l.retty, innocent girl — I forget your other adjective. In' the
lirst place, she isn't in the mountain flower business a little
bit. Her name is Anne Bingham. but she is more popularly
known as Bismarck Anne, chiefly because of all tne camps*
of our beloved territory Bismarck is the only one she hasn't
visited. Therefore, it is , concluded she must have come
I'rorn there."
"Bismarck Anne!"' repeated the Easterner, wondeiingly.
'She isn't the one — "
"The very same. She's about as bad as they make 'cm.
and I don't believe she misses a payday dance a year. She's
all right now; but you 'want to come back a little later.
Anne will be drunk — gloriously drunk* — and very joyful.
I will say that for her. She has all the fun there is In it
while it lasts." '
"Whew!" whistled the Easterner, in dazed repulsion,
looking with Interest on the girl's animated face.
"Oh, what do you care!" responded the miner, careless
ly. "She has her fun."
Bismarck Anne jumped into the nearest man's arms,
was kissed, bestowed a siap, and flitted away down the
room. She deftly stole the accordion from beneath the tall
look-out stool on which a musician sat and ran, evolving
strange noises from the instrument, and scampering in and
out among the benches, pursued by its owner. The men all
laughed heartily, and tried to trip up the pursuer. The
women laughed hollow laughs, to show they were not jeal
cus of the sensation she was creating. Finally she ran into
the proprietor, just turning from lighting the big lamp.
The proprietor, being angry, rescued the accordion rough
ly; whereupon Anne pouted and cast appealing glances at
her friends. The friends responded to a man. The pro
prietor set up the drinks.
The music started up again. Miners darted here and
there toward the gaudily dressed women, and, seizing them
about the waist, held them close to 'their sides, as a claim
of proprietorship before the whole world. Perspiring mas
ters of ceremonies, self constituted and drunk, rushed back
and forth, trying to put a semblance of the quadrilateral
into the various sets. Everybody shuffled feet Impatiently.
The dance began with a swirl of noise and hilarious
confusion. Bismarck Anne added to the hilarity. She was
having a high old time; why shouldn't she? She had had
three glasses of forty-rod, and was blessed by nature with
a lively disposition and an insignificant bump of reverence.
Moreover, she was healthy of body, red of blood, and reck
less of consequences. Pleasure appealed to her; the stir of
action, the delight of tho flow of high spirits, thrilled
through every fiber of her being. She had no beliefs, as
far as she knew. If 6he could have told of them they would
have proved simple In *he extreme — that life comes, to those
who live out their possibilities and not to those who deny
them. And Anne had many possibilities, and was living
them fast. She felt almost physically the beat of pleasure
in the atmosphere about her. and from it she reacted to a
still higher pitch. She had drunk three glasses and her
head was not strong. Her feet moved easily, and she was
very certain of her movements. She had become just hazy
enough In her mental processes to have attained that happy
indifference to what is likely to happen in the Immediate
future, and that equally happy disregard of consequences
which the virtuous never experience. Impressions reduced
themselves to their lowest terms — movement and noise.
The room was full of rapidly revolving figures. The
racket was incessant, and women's laughter rose shrill
above it. like wind above a storm. Anne mo.ved amid it
all as the controller of its destinies, and wherever she went
seemed to her to be the one stable point in the kaleido
scopic changs. Men danced with her, but they .were mean
ingless men. One begged her to dance with him, but Anne
stopped to watch a youth blowing brutlshly from puffed
cheeks, so the man cursed and left her for another girL
Beyond the puffing youth lights were dancing, green and
red. Anne paused and looked at them gravely.'
The people, the room, the sounds seemed to her to
come and go in great bursts. Between these bursts Anne
knew nothing except that she was happy; above all else
she was happy. As incidents men kissed her and she drank;
but these things were not essentially different from the
lights and the bursts of consciousness. Anno began to take '
everything for granted.
After a time Anne paused again to look gravely at I
strange lights. But this time they seemed not to be red
or green, but to be of orange, in long, fiery flaslfes, like rib
bons thrown suddenly out and as suddenly withdrawn. The
THE GIRL IN RED
noise stopped and was succeeded by a buzzing. For a mo
ment the girl's blurred vision saw clearly the room, all
still, except for a man huddled in one corner and •on. the
floor a slowly gathering pool of red. Some one thrust her
out of the door with others, a§d she began to step aimless
ly, uncertainly, along the broad street.
She felt dimly the difference between the hot air of
the dance hall and the "warm air out of doors. The great"
hills and the stars and the silhouetted houses came and
went in visions, just as had tHte people and the noise inside
the hall. _ The Idea of walking came to her and occupied her
mind, to the exclusion of everything else, and she set about
It with great lntentness. •
How far she went, and in what direction did not seem
to matter. When she" moved she was happy; when she
stopped she was miserable. She wandered on in the way
she knew, an^d yet did not know, out of the broad streets
of the town, through a wide cleft In the hills, up a long,
grassy valley that wound slowly and mounted, gradually,
following the brawl of the stream, until at last she found
herself in a little fern-grown dell at the entrance of Iron
Creek Pass. She pushed her fingers through her fallen hair
and idly over the shimmering stuff of her gown. Far above
her she saw waverlngly the stars. • Finally the idea of sleep
came to her just as the Idea of walking had come to her
before. She sank to her knees, hesitated a moment, and
then, with the sigh of a tired child, she pillowed her head
on her, soft round arm and closed her eyes.
The poor-wills ceased their plaintive cries. A few
smaller birds chirped drowsily. Back of the eastern: hills
the stars became a little dimmer, and the soft night breeze,
which I had been steadily blowing through the darkened
hours, sank quietly to sleep. The subtle magic of nature
began to sketch in the picture of day, throwing objects for
ward from, the dull background, taking them- bodily out
of the blackness, as though creating them anew. Fresh life
stirred through everything. The vault of heaven seemed
full of it, and all the 'ravines and byways caught up its
overflow in a grand chorus of praise to the new- whitening
morning. . .\vs , j
The woman stirred drowsily and arose, throwing back
her heavy hair from her face. The flush of sleep still dyed
her cheek a rich crimson, which came and went slowly in
the light of the young sun, vying in depth now with the silk
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
of tho- brook. She caught the sound of the stream, and
went' to It. The red-bird retreated circumspectly, silently.
She knelt : at the banks and splashed the icy water over
her face and throat, another red-bird, another wild thing
pulsing and palpitating with life. Then she arose to the
full heisrht of hpv sniiMiritil hndv nnii lunked around.
of her gown, now with the still deeper tones of a mountain
red-bird which splattered into rainbow tints' the waters
• •. Themorning swept through her like a river and left
her clean. In the eye of nature and before the presence
of nature's innumerable creatures she stood as Innocent as
th?y. She had entered. Into "noisome places, but so had the
r> — -sh-hawk poising grandly, on motionless wing there
••^ove. She. had scrambled in the mire, and she was ruffled
and draggled and besmirched; so likewise had been the si
lent flame-bird in the thicket, but he had washed clean his
plumes and was now singing the universal hymn from the
nearest bush-top.
"She stretched slowly, lazily, her muscles^ one by one,
and stood taller and freer for the act. The debauch of the
last, n'.srht, the debauches of other and worse\nights, the
Rcirt-uire corrosion of that vulgarity which is more subtle
than sin even, all these things faded Into a past that was
cienil twirt gone and burled forever. -The "present alone was
important, and the present brought her. Innocent, before
an Innocent nature. As she stood there dewey-eyed, wist-
Vfnj, glowing, with loosened hair, the grasses clinging to
h«r"r. finVi the dew, she looked like a wide-eyed child-angel
np.viy come to earth. To her 'the morning was great and
broad, llke,'a dream to be dreamed 1 and awakened from,
something ' unreal ' and evanescent which would go. Her
heart unfolded; to its influence, and she felt within her that
tenderness for the beautiful which is nearest akin to holy
teaFS. .
As she stood thus, musing, it seemed natural that a
human 1 figure should enter, and become part of the dream.
It seemed.. natural, that. it should be a man, and young: that
he should be handsome and bold. It seemed natural that
he should rein in his horse "at the sight of her. So inevi
table was it all, so much in keeping with the soft sky, the
brooding shadow of the mountain, the saulrrel noises and
the day that sho stood there motionless, making no sign,
looking up v him with parted lips, saying nothing. He
was only a fraction, a small fraction, of all the rest. His
fine brown eyes, the curl of his long hair, the bronze of his
features mattered no more to her than the play of the sun
lijrht on Harney.
Then ho spurred his horse forward, and something in
her seemed to snap. From the dream-present the woman
was thrust' roughly back into her past. The sunlight faded
away before her eyes, oozing from the air In drop after
drop of golden splendor, the songs of the birds died, the
murmuring of the brook became an angry brawl that ac
cused the world of wickedness. The morning fled. «
From a distance, far' away, farther than Harney, far
ther than the sky, the stranger's brown- eyes looked pity
ingly. Her sin was no longer animal.' It had touched her
soui. Instead of an Incident it had become a condition
which hemmed her in,' from which she could not escape.
Suddenly she saw the difference.' She dwelt in darkness;
he, with his clear soul, dwelt In light. She threw herself
face downward on the earth, weeping and clutching the
grass in the agony of her sin. . \u25a0\u25a0•
Then a new sound smote the air. She sat upright and
listened.
Around the bend she heard a high-pitched voice de
claiming In measured tones.
" "Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and thy
dominion endureth throughout all generations," the voice
chanted.'.
"'The Lord upholdeth all that fall, and ralseth all that
be bowed down.' " ...
The speaker strode in sight. He was one of the old
fashioned itinerant preachers occasionally seen in the Hills,
filled with fanatic enthusiasm, journeying from place to
place on foot, exhorting by the fear of hell fire rather than
by the hope of heaven's bliss, half-crazy, half-inspired,
wholly in earnest. . His form was gaunt. He was clad in
a shiny black coat, buttoned closely, and his shoes showed
dusty and/huge beneath his, carefully turned-up trousers.
A- beaver, of -ancient pattern was pushed far back from his
narrow, forehead, and from beneath it flashed vividly his
fierce hawk-eyes. Over: his shoulder, suspended from a
cane, was a carpet bag. -He stepped eagerly forward with
animmense excess of nervous force, that carried him rap
idly on. Nothing more out of place could be Imagined than
this comical figure against the simplicity of the hills. Yet
for that very reason he was the more grateful to the^wom
ah's perturbed soul. She listened eagerly for his next
words. — /\u25a0; - a •- \u25a0 V ;. ' \u25a0 • , . •\u25a0_ ' '
He strode fiercely across the stones of the little ford,
declaiming with energy, with.triumph: •
STEWART EDWARD WHITE
"'The eyes of all wait upon thee, and thou givest them
their meat in due season. , .?. v
" 'Thou opencst thine hand, and satlsfleth the desire o£
every living thing.
" 'The Lord is righteous In all his ways, and holy In all
his works.
" 'The Lord is nigh unto all them that call upon him, to
all that call upon him In truth.
•'"He will fill the desire of all that fear him; he also
will, hear their cry and save them.'"
Anne saw but two things plainly in all the world — the
clear-eyed stranger like a god; this fiery old man who
spoke words containing strange, though vague. Intimations
of comfort. From the agony of her soul but one thought
leaped forth — to make the comfort real, to find out how to
raise herself from her sin, to become worthy of the good
ness which she had that morning for the first time clearly
seen. She sprang forward and seized the preacher's arm.
Interrupted in his ecstasy, he rolled his eyes down on her
but half comprehending.
"How? How?" she gasped. "Help me! What must I
dor • . .
She held out her empty hands with a gesture of appeal.
The old man's mind still burned with the fever of hi 3 fanat
ical inspiration. He. hardly saw her. and did not under
stand all the import of her words. . He looked at her va
cantly, and caught sight of her outstretched hands.
"•And to work with your hands as we command you,'"
he quoted vaguely, then shook himself free of her detaining
grasp' and marched grandly on, rolling out the mighty syl
lables of the psalms.
"To work with my. hands; to work with my hands."
the woman repeated looking at l}er outspread palms, * Ye 3,
that is it!" she said, slowly.
• • •
Anne Bingham washed dishes at the Prairie Dog Hotel
for a week. The first day was one of visions: the second
one of Irksomeness: the third one of wearisome monotony.
The first was as long as it takes to pass from one shore to
the other of the great dream-sea: the second was an age;
the third an eternity. The first was rose-hued; the second
was dull: the third was filled with the graynesa that blurs
activity turned to mechanical action.
--.'And on the eighth day- occurred the monthly pay-day
dance of the La3t Chance mine. All the men were drunk,
all the .women were drunker, but drunkest of all was th*
undoubted favorite of the company, Bismarck Anne. Two
men standing by the door saw nothing remarkable abou:
that — It had happened the last week. But in that time Bia
marck Anne had had her chance, she had eaten of the fruit
of the Tree, and so now was in mortal sin.CHRISTMAS PRESENTS FOR A LDY
IT was the first week before Christmas and the First •
Reader Class in a lower East Side school had almost to
a man decided on the gifts to be lavished on "Teacher.'
She was quite unprepared for any such observance on
the part of her small adherents, for her first study of
the roll book had shown her that its numerous Jacobs. Isi
oores and Rachels belonged to a class to which Christmas
aay was much as other dayt. y
But Morrfs Mogilewsky. whose love for Teacher was far
greater than the combined loves of all the other children,
had as yet no present to bestow. That his "kind^feeling"
t-tfould be without proof when the lesser loves of Isidore
Wishnewsky. Sadie Gonorowsky and Bertha Binderwitz
u-erc taking the tangible but surprising forms winch were
daily exhibited to his confidential gaze was more* than he
louid bear.
The knowledge saddened all his hours, and was the
more maddening because it could in no wise be shared by
Teacher, who noticed his altered bearing and tried with
all sorts of artful beguilements to make him happy and at
case. But her efforts served only to increase his unhappi
ness and his love. And he loved her! Oh. how he loved
in r: Since first his dreading eyes had clung for a breaths
ppace to her "like man's shoes" and had then crept timidly
upward past a black skirt, a "from silk" apron, a red
"juniper." and "from gold" chain to her "light face." shr
had been ialitresi of his heart of hearts. That was more
than three months xo. How well he remembered the day:
His mother had washed him horribly, and had tiLken him
into the bis red schoolhouse. so familiar from the outside,
but so full of unknown terrors within. After his dusty lit
tle- shoes had stumbled over the threshold he had passed
from ordeal to ordeal, until at lastMie was tprn in mute and
white-faced despair from his mother's skirts. .
He was then dragged through long halls and up tall
stairs by a' large boy. who spok<- to him disdainfully as
"grocr.ie," ar.d i-uutioii«=-d him as to tiio laying down softly -J
and taking up gently uf , those poor, dusly shot s, so th-tv
his spirit was .o.uJto brckftn 'and his nerves were all un
strung when sic.was pushed finery room full of brisht^suu
uhirie arid otVhildren who laugiiyd -at his friglU^n^y'littla
fac<-. The si&Sbiae smote his timid xVes. the. lytf'lffter .s:»u.»^e i;
hi? timid lyjiart. and he turned to flop. • .liut the door >vas
shuU the lar%e t>oy gone, and despair took him for
Down upoii the floor h»> dropped, and wailed and wept
and ktrked. A was .'tlieV he lu-ard for the Jirst tiiiic tlie
voice which no«V Jie loved. A hand was f-3iced between his
it'.hiil^ body ar.d the floor and the yoii'e "said:.
••Why, mydear little^chap, you' mustn't cry like that.
AVlja^'s tho m:ttt<T?r ,-\u25a0•;'
" Th" hand was gentle and the Question kind, and tli^sp.
c<jnibin>d v/ith ;< faint perfume suggestive of drug stores
and barber shops — but nicer titan either — made him uncover
his hiit I'ttle face- Ktiecltng besido. him was a lady, and •
In- forced hie eyes to that perllous'ascent: from sTioes t<>
skirt, from skirt to jumper, from juniper to face, tho'y
trailed in dread uncertainty, but at the face they stopped —
they lmd found ros!. * ./
Morrfatallojtred h!m?p!f to bo gathered into the lady's
arms and held ui>on )i*>r knee, and when hte.sobs no longer
• cJJt the very foundations of his pink and wide spread tie."*
Im> answered her Question in a voice -as soft as his eyes, and :
jis gently sad.
"I ain't so Mg, and I don't know whore is my mamma." .
•So, haviag cast his troubles on ' Ihr shoulders of the
lriuy, bo had added his throbbing head to the burden, and
from that safe retreat had- enjoyed his first day at school
iiiim*ns:ely.
Thereafter he had been the first Jo arrive every morn
ing, and the last to tearo every afternoon; ;ind under the
care of Teacher, his liege lady, he "had grown in wisdom
and love and happiness, but the greatest of these was love.
And now. when the other boys and girls were planning sur
prises ar.d gifts of price for Tearher. his hands were as
: <nipty as his heart was full. Appeal to his mother met
with denial prompt and energetic. o'-fer
...-\u25a0 -"For what you go and, make, over Christmas, presents?.
You ain't no Krisht; you should better have no kind feel,- . r
Ings over Krishts, neither; your papa could, to' haye'.V^a
mad." • :^''-..
"Teacher* ain't no Krisht," said Morris stoutly; "all' the
other fellows "bu> >s her i presents, und I'm lo.vlng mit hep. .
It's polite I'sives hor preseut3 the* while' I'm* got such a
kind feelins-ovjeri her." -. - -. - - .. j . :
"Well, we.ain't got no money, for buy nothing," said Mrs.
Mogilewskj?-. sadly.*^ "No money,* und your*papaj,ne 'h'as'ajl
times a scare he shouldn't' to get ho more.^the while , the ;
toss" — and here followed incomprehensible, but depressing,^
nnancial details, until *iiei.end of the. Knterview^found Mor- \
ris ana lira* mother sobblnp. and, rocking: -."in, each-. others •'.
arms. So Morrjs was helplessv his mother poor, and Teacher " :
all unknowing:. ,
And now the great day, the Friday before Christmas,
has come, and the school is, for the first half hour, quite
mad. Doors open suddenly and softly to admit small per
sons, clad in wondrous ways and bearing wondrous parcels.
Itoom IS, generally so placid and«so peaceful, is a howling
wilderness full of brightly colored, quickly changing
. . . . • '. \u25a0•\u25a0 J.v-Jj i .\u25a0•-.'....-• r . m ,
groups of children, all whispering, all. gurgling, and all
hiding queer -bundles. A newcomer invariably causes a
diversion; the assembled multitude, athlrst ifor novelty,
lalls upon him and clamors for a glimpse of his bundle and
a statement of Its prico. _ * , .
Teacher watches in, dumb amaze. What can bo the
mutter 'with the children? They can't have guessed that
the shrouded something in the coiner is a Christmas tree".'
"What makes them behave so 'queerly, and why do they
look so strange? They Veem to' have* grown stout in a sin-.
t;le night, and Teacher, as'shia notes 'this,! marvels' greatly.:;,
• Tho •explanation' is simple, though it comes in alarming
form. ' The sounds' of revelry are pierced by a long, shrill
yell, and a pair of agitated legs spring suddenly into view,
between- two desks. Teacher, rushing to the rescue; 1 notes ;,
that the legs form the unsteady stem" of an upturned mush
room of brown* flannel and green braid, "which she recog
nizes as/the outward 'seeming of her cherished Bertha Bin
cftrwitz and yet; ' v/lien* the desks J are forced to j disgorge
their prey, the legs restored to their normal position" are j
found to support a fat child— and Bertha -was best do
scrlbed as "skinny" — In a dress of the Stuart tartan, 7 taste
fully trimmnd- with purple. Investigation proves that Ber
tha's accumulated taste in dress is an established custom.
In nearly all cases the glory of holiday attire is hung upon
the solid foundation of everyday clothes as bunting is hung
upon a building. The habit is economical of time and pro
duces'a charming embonpoint. " \u25a0 /
Teacher, too. ( is more beautiful than ever. . Her dress is
blue, and^vyefy* long* down, like a lady," with bands of silk
and scraps o^toce^d'i'Sjtfibuted with the eye of art. In her
hair she wears" a" ; bow of -what Sadie .Gonorewsky, whose <
father "works by fancy! goods," describes! as "black from/
plush ribbon — costs 10 cents." ;
Isidore. Belchatosky. relentlngjuis the, first to^lay. tribute
beforec-Tea'cheri He ; comes 'forward: : wltn-^'aC^ee't-.,smire;T
and,a,tall.'candlestick— the candy h£.s^g;on«rto l.tS-,*iqhg^hom'e •
,-^-and Teacherj fo^jai moment caiinost be j made' to u'nde^rstanat ]
thsit;all that lenjgth. of t bluish- jwhJterchi;nai;iJß 'really; hess'
"for. keeps.":-;.- * •Cf .r^Vf.> -^4 J-fJ'X^'S | ..% '
"It's to-morrow holiday," 'Isidore^assu^s^Sef; j^'n^.'-wa^
gives you presents, the; while we have a kind feeilngr/f Cans^
dlesticks could to cost 25 cents." . '"\u25a0'"'\u25a0'\u25a0'
"It's a He. Three for 10," says a voice in the back
ground, but Teacher hastens to respont tc . lsidore's test of
her credulity: - -
"Indeed, they could. This candlestick could have cost 50
THE SAN -FRANCISCO" SUNDAY CALL.
MYRA RELLY
cents, and- It's 'just what I want.' :It is very good of you to j
bring- me a present." -^ . ]
"You're, welcome," says Isidore, retiring; aud then, the i
ice being Woken, the First Reader Class" In a body rises to ,
cast its gifts -oil Teacher' 3 desk, and its arms round Teach
er's neck. ' ' : -\u25a0 ,
Nathan Horowitz presents a email cup and saucer; Isi- <
dore Appfebaubi bestows- a largo calendar for the year
before. last; Sadie Gonorowsky brings a basket containing
-. a'_.bottle of perfume, a thimble and a bright silk handker- j
, chief ;, Sarah 'Schodsky otters • a pcnwlner and a • yellow?
.•celluloid collar button, and Eva Kidansky gives an elab- 1
orate. nasal ; douch, under the pleasing delusion that it is'an j
atomizer. ..../' -
more sounds of grief reach teacher's ears. Rush- ...
ing again to -the rescue, she tlirbvvs open the door and ;
comes upon woe personified. Eva Goronowsky, her hair | i
in wildest disarray, her/stocking fouled y ungartered and- j
down-gyved to her ankle, appeared before her teacher. .'
She bears all- tho marks of Hamlet's excitement, and many j
more, including a tear-stained little face and a gilt saucer -
clasped to a panting, breast. ;
"Eva, my j dearest Kva, what's happened to you now?" :
asks teacher, for the list of ill chances which have be- -
fallen this one' of her -charges" is very long. And -Eva
wails forth that a boy, a very big boy, had stolen her .
golden cup. "what I had for you by present," and has left
her only the saucer and her undying love to bestow, j
Before Eva's "sobs have quite yielded to teacher's r arts.
Jacob Spitsky presses forward with a tortoise-shell comb "
of 'terrifyJngr aspect and hungry teeth, and an air showing
forth a determination to adjust it In its destined place. '
•Teacher meekly bows her head; Jacob forces his offering: \u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0
Into her long-suffering hair,.;and--then retires with the- In- >.!
formation^ "Costs/ 15' cents,*; teacher," and ..'the courteous
*'p.n4a'se^byVe&"«itiette* prescribed— "Wish j-ou; health r to 1
•^wearJlt." -He .^plainly a herb, and Is hpard remarking to"
riess «f avored .- admirers'Uhat "teachers' Is" awfully softy,
r ;and Bmelfs^off^of'perfume'ry." ;!"•'. : ;-':"'"; -':"'" V ' ; ' ' ' <\u25a0 .
'}.<? Here •',a"'-blg'/-b f dy,';iC-' very "• bis boy,- enters hastily.' He
*' does^npi* belong** to &?ofif- I S, but > heY has ; long^ knowh „ *
v' teacher."' He/ihUssbrought out a present; lie wishes. her a
:merlr: mer1ry lrt ChrTstihas. The. present, when produced, proves to \u25a0
bo a pretty R-old cup, and Eva' Gonorowsky, with renewed
emotion, recognizes the boy as her assailant and the cup
as her property. :" Teacher is dreadfully embarrassed; 1 the
box not at all so. His policy, is simple and entire denial.
and in this he persevere*, even after Eva's saucer has un
mistakably proclaimed its relationship to the cup. ..:
Meanwhile the rush cf presentation goes steadily ' on.
Other cups and saucers come in wild profusion. The desic
is covered with them, and their wrappings of purple tis
sue paper rerjuire a monitor's whole attention. The soap,
too. beoomos urgently perceptible. It is of all sizes, shapes
and colors, but ut uniform and dreadful power of perfume.
Teacher's eyes fill with tears of 'gratitude as each new
piece or box is pressed against her nose, and teachers
mind is fu!! cf wonder as to wty t she can ever do wltn
all of it. Bottles of perfume vie with one another and
with the all-pervading soap until the air is heavy and
breathing grows laborious, while pride swells the hearts
of the assembled multitude. No other teacher has so many
helps to the to'let. None other is so beloved.
Teacher's aspect is quite changed, and the "blue long
down like a lady dress", is almost hidden by the offerings
she had received. Jacob's comb has two massive and be
ieweled rivals in the "softy hair." The front of the dress,
where aching or despondent heads are went to rest. «3
glittering with campaign buttons of American eet,»oriue».
beginning with James O. Elaine and extending into mod
ern history as far as Patrick Divver. Admiral Dewcy and
Captain Dreyfus. Outside the blue belt- is a white one.
nearly clean, and bearing in "sure 'noush golden words
the curt but stirring invitation. -Remember the Main*.
Around the neck are three chaplets of beads, wrought l>y
chubby fingers and embodying much love", while the waist
line is further adorned .by tiny, and berlbboned aprons.
Truly, it is a day of triumph.
When the waste-paper basket has been twice nlioa
v-ith wrappings and twice emptied: when ordor ia emerg
ing out of duo*: when the Christmas tree has been dis
closed and its treasures distributed, a timid haad is laid
on teacher's knee and a plaintive voice whispers. "Say.
teacher. I got something for you"; and teachers turn.-:
tjuickl" to see Morris, her dearest boy charge, with ins
T»oor little body showing yuite plainly between his shirt
waist buttons' and through the gashes be calls pockets.
This is his ordinary 10.-Jtume, and the funds of the house
of Mogilewsky are evidently unequal to an outer layer of
"Now. Morris, def.r," says teacher, "you shouldn't have
troubled to get me ii present; you know you and I tiro
fcuch cood friends that — "
"Teacher, yis ma'am," Morris interrupts in a bewitch
ing rising inflection of his soft and plaintive voice. "I
know you got a kind feeling by me. and 1 couldn't to tell
even how I>m # ot a kiml feclin S b >" > ou - Onl y v ' 9 ;lbm;t
tluit kind feeling I should give you a present. I didn't" —
with a glance at the crowded dcsk — "I didn't to have no
soap or no perfumery, and my mamma, she couldn't to buy
none by the store; but. teacher, I'm got something awful
liice for you by present." »
"And what « is it. deary?" asks the already rich and
gifted young person. "What is my new- present?"
"Teacher, it's like this: I don't know; I ain't so bis
like I could to Know" — and truly, God pity him! he 1»
passing small — "it ain't for boy3 — it's for ladies. Over
yesterday on the night comes my papa on my house unel
he gives, my mamma the presenU Sooner she looks on it,
sooner she has a. awful glad; In her eyes stands tears,
und she 'says.' like that — out of, Jewish — 'Thank 3,' un she
kisses my* pnpa;a klss.i Und mypapa. h&w.ihe Is polite! he
.pqJ-s 0ut.,. 0f Jewish, too— 'You're welcome, : all 'Sight.' un
he kisses my mamma a." kiss. . So my mamma,, she sets and
looks' on the present, und all the time she, looks she has a
glad over it. Und I didn't to; have no soap, so you could
to have the present." S \u25a0 ' V\"
. "But did your mother say I might?"
"Toacher. no ma'am; she didn't say like that, un* she
didn't to, say. not like that. She didn't to know. But it's
for ladles, un I didn't to have no soap. You could to look
on. It ain't for boys."
And here Morris opens a hot little band and discloses a
tightly folded pinkish paper. As teacher reads It h»
watched-her with eaarer. furtive eye 3, dry and bright, un
til he.rs.grow suddenly moist, when his promptly follow
suit. As she looks down at him he makes his moan onco
more: . . "' ,
. '.'lt's for ladies, und I don't to have no soap."
"But. Morris, dear," cried teacher unsteadily, laughing?
a little, and yet not far from tears, "this Is ever so much
.nicer than soap — a thousand times better than perfume;
and you're quite right, it- is for ladles, and I never had one
in all my life before. I am so very thankfuL"
*,-. "You're welcome,, all right. That's how my papa says;
it's polite," says Morris proudly. And proudly he takes
his place among the very little boys, and loudly he joins
in the ensuing song. For the rest of that exciting day he
is a. shining point of virtue In a slightly confused class.
And at 3 o'clock he -Is at teacher's desk again, carrying
on the conversation as If there had been no Interruption.
, > "Und my mamma," he says insinuatingly — "she kisses
my papa a. kiss." .
"Well ?" - : says-teacher.
"Well." says Morris, "you ain't never kissed me a kis3,
und I seen. hojv'« you kissed Eva Gonorowsky. I'm loving
mit .you, too'i'Why don't you never kiss me a kiss?"
"Perhaps," suggests teacher mischievously, -••perhaps It
ain't for. 1 boys." .. . ... ...
But a glance. at ''her "light face-" with Its cro\*n of sur
prising combs reassures him.
*•'\u25a0 •tTeacher. yis ma'am;' it's for boys." he cries as he feels
her arms about'hlm, and sees' that' in' her eyes, too. "stands
..tears." ,': : -- : J^<-; : ' ";' \ ;.' \u25a0 '..• <-.-... -. .
"It's, polite you kisses me a kl3s over that for ladles'
present." . '• . J* .'\u25a0
Late that' night teacher, sat In her pretty room — for she
was, unofficially, a greatly -pampered .young person — and
reviewed her treasures. -She' saw that they were very
*riumerous, very- touchlng.Vvery .whimsical, and very pre
cious.' But above all the rest she- cherished a frayed pink
ish paper,, rather crumpled and a little soiled. For It held
the love- of «a. man and a woman, and a little child, and
the magic of a home, for Morris Mogllewsky*s Christmas
present for ladies was the receipt for a month's rent for a
ioom on the top floor of a Monroe-street tenement.
Copyright by S. S. MeClure Co.The Sunday Call Magazine
Christmas Edition
Part 111HOW THE JEWS REGARD CHRISTMAS
RABBI JACOB NIETO
> V \u25a0 \u25a0 • .'
tt *• OW the. Jews reerurd Christmas is a- rtutter Ghat can
1 \u0084..\ in no sense be sene^lly treated/for the attitude of
JL J . the Jewish people i*»vard this festival :dep«nds <tn*\
*^ tirely upon how the Christian's In their city or vicin
ity put Into practice the teachings of Christ To
treat of the subject, however*. In.'a lucid and •"intelligible •
manner It will be necessary to become somewhat historical
and to trace from its first ti^fl: -effect o* the at
titude of, its celebrants toward, the- Jewish .people.
The fable of the wolf and. the lamb woul* seem to have
been almost composed to describe >the feeling and disposi
tion of Christian communities toward Jews found. ln their
midst; at Yuletlde not only in the early and middle ages,
but even unfortunately In civilized countries to-day. The
story of fheV Irishman, who. after attending service on ;
Easter mornirig", turned ojtfm his Jewish -friend and com- -
panion and belabored hliijti'. because he had for the_ first time
heard that the Jews killed Christ.may still be the cause,
of some merriment to those vho heaVit, and yet it is nearly
enough true to be taken *erlously. 'A parallel story Is
found in the narrative/of the martyrdom of the ten Sages.
It ;tsl related that one % of the Roman Emperors who was
contributory to the destruction ; <jf Jerusalem had ten of
the most erudit© scholars summoned before him" to inquire
into their law, and when they . were assembled" he' aske<l:
them to tell him- frankly arid truthfully, the verdict In a
case where a man had b ( eien caught stealing, one of his
brethren, and he enslave him or sell him; and they, honest
, ijien, replied, "The thief shall die," "In that case,"' ;i h'«|re.-.
joined, "it Is recorded here of your ancestors .thatjithey
sold one of their brethren to the Ishmaelites for_itw«rity
pieces of silver. If they had been living I would^.have -
brought them to trial in your presence, but now you must
bear the Iniquity of your fathers," and they were executed.
This is the kind of justice that has been meted out to the \
Jew from tha .very rise of Christianity. " In the early and \u25a0
middle ages, when at Easter and Christmas the; popular '.
mind was Incensed and. the people's passions were Infuri
ated by '. the exaggerated, accounts of the crucifixion,^.. no;
Jew felt it safe to* be outside his house jon those festive /;
occasions, nor tor that matter felt, secure in his 'home, s
though "he had barricaded It. In fact. Christmas day was. a '
day of mournlngjand fasting, and the New Testament be
ing at that time. a proscribed book to the Jew, it Is not to :
be marveled alAhat they should execrate the name and
memory of him whose teachings, judging by the atrocities
perpetrated upon them In the name of Christ and Christian
ity, had prompted" the unnamable and inhuman outrages
that decimated their ranks each year.
This, state of affairs is lamentably not unknown to-day-;
WHAT CHRISTMAS MEANS TO THE CHRISTIAN WORLD
IT IS a great satisfaction that we can say, this of Christ
mas. And. as the nations which celebrate Christmas
are, in the province of God, the ruling nations of the
world, whether by force of arms or tiy the success of
commerce, or by a certain "thirst . for the horizon,"
which characterizes some of those races, -I suppose that
millions of people will engage In Christmas^ festivities who
never heard of the Savior of men,, or having heard of him,
know nothing about him or his birth. \u25a0{:\u25a0]':\u25a0 -\u25a0,;
It was a very pathetic thing, a few years ago, when to
those armies who were enrolled in the-. Boer, country
Christmas day came. Without any flag of truce, witn*out
any professed agreement, all hostility was suspended \u25a0 on
Christmas day. Picket did not exchange shots with picket,
and for that day men did not study war. There was a story,
perhaps apocryphal, of a mortar which sent a plum pudding
across a valley two or three miles , wide. Let us hope that
the story Is not apocryphal; or if It were. a 'myth,, let some
of the many poets who will read these lines accept it so far
as to write a Christmas ode describing the flight of that
plum pudding, for us to print when another year , comes
round. \u2666 •
The Christmas of the Northern nations is a- winter
Christmas and always has been. Till Captain Cook's day,
and later, the Northern nations have had the principal word
In literature, In history, and especially In song. .If the"
Queen of Sheba had court poets, and I suppose she had, the
papyrus. on which they wrote down their, poems has long
since rotted, and perhaps they had some superstition, which
prevented them from carving their odes on any monoliths
of their day. But now. when we have the Cape Town Ad
vertiser and - the Melbourne Bugle and. the Tasmania'
Chatterer arid the Dunedln Delight arid the Eagle fluttering
its wings In the New Hebrides, nay, .very, soon the Figaro
"which will be published In Wilkes'Land, or somel other
section of the Antarctic continent, now in these later days
-of Southern civilization, Christmas will have to adapt Itself
to new songs and .new festivities. - / , /
- Heap on more wood! the wind 1* chill; -
But let It whistle as it will.
We'll keep our Christmas merry still.
v This is what "Good Sir Walter, save him, God.", wrote
in 1 803. when he sent Marmion out into the world, and he
went on to say. ; . ; /
Each age his deemed the, new-born year .\u25a0'.\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0
The fittest time for festal 'cheer. — ' '
And he described as no one but he could," a Norseman's
Christmas, as the Danes/ -.\u25a0 . /\u25a0- -
Danced round the blazing pile,
They make euch barbarous mirth the while /' ;*"
As best might to the mind recall \u25a0\" ; ; '\u25a0'. '
. The boisterous Joys of Odin's hall.: *.
" And then he turns to the Christian, celebration. •
On Christmas eve the bells were rung;
.On Christmas' eve the? mass was; sung. : -
All which we reprint for the reader who Is lying under v
a palm tree on the beach" at Invercarslll. conferring fwlth 1
' Mrs. Reader as to the way , in which they shall keep* the"
children from killing themselves under" the . hot sun- which '-
will hardly set before/it ie ready to^ rise again. -.
In our Northern poetry.' Yes! have been apt tor e- 1 .
EDWARD EVERETT HALE, D. D.
On earth peac« and good will toward all men.
mind each other that with -Christmas the days begin to
lengthen, < ' '\u25a0 : '-,-X,''i'^\'''-u-'-> \u25a0\u25a0 ' .' '. \u25a0'. \u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 \u25a0'• .- \u25a0'
\u25a0 ..,' ," The lengthening days shall '.longer grow \u0084y
"\u25a0Till summer rules the land. \u25a0, " .. f
In England; where I writetthese, words, we are especially
glad, that/ the ; fathers of New : England' landed at Plymouth,
first home, on -the shortest day in, the year, arid that
they. consecrated the* new/ continent, to Christ and his church
by "doingVthelr first work on shore' on Christmast day.
"They builded" better than they, knew."/' Light out of dark
hess, summer, out of ,wlAter. i.'Saya 1 longer and years larger— '
sucri Is 'the/burden ;' "of / the .Christmas ode. \ It .is light ' and
life and' hope which give; the Joy/ to the Christmas: holiday.
- Yes! and lightjand. life "and hope b.elong'to' Christmas 'when
it is at'the longest day 'ofthe'yoar, 1 quite as well as if it
.were tha shortest. ;/ // \u25a0' \ , /. \u25a0 "\u25a0' .'..\u25a0;,
. Otj theUwentieth century Christmas', this' is to be said
or.sung byj poet or \u25a0preacher, in Greenland or in-Wllkes
Land-T-that- the. world; is now-one world.' "Perfected In
one," and that with every year the union of .continents and
islands" is 'mo^ J jperfect.^T6';tako a^ Uttie instance;' which
is ja- pretty' one, , from t the ' moment 'when Green \ began cor
recting the longitudes of -ttih") world .by 1 the electric' tele
graph men haye^known, as they/did not : <know v before, how
the' clock ils; beating; at Greenwich,, though they -be^living
themselves on an island , in/ the Pacific or on the edge of fan
Ice floe In^Alaska. '''That'thV;world may beone/'ithat was
the Sav^or # s^prayer; and.wlth*^^every, new wire laid under the
ocean, with eyery'puise flashing: unseen from mast to mast,
the prayer^ Is answered^ Menimay v be '] as cynical ; as' they
choose, or,; as. selfish; asj the devil would have/ them^'but In
spite 1 of cynicism ;or.devlltry;rrien!ha.ve' to bear each" other's
burdens, . .to"; live, each /other's.' Olives- and enjoy; each' other's"
Joys as they^neyer?dld;beforer : Two hundred yeaTs/agoino
less a] person than Pope' thought it a good jokeW
\u25a0write:/:: "•\u25a0::"- '• '/^ //\u25a0 ;' ../ -' "V/< ;-.\u25a0.- \u25a0''\u25a0:.\u25a0 \u25a0;••. . •\u25a0;\u25a0 ..\u25a0•.-. \u25a0"\u25a0'-.\u25a0-' f^'.^}-.
§'>. -'\u25a0\u25a0' - , ..= v Te Gods T, annihilate bbutt t upace ' and time) '• \u25a0 ' -Ti ; : ."\u25a0 :\u25a0- '
\u25a0\u25a0 . And> make , two' lovers; happy.* : . . ' .*,*/'/
THE/ SAN FRANCISCO' SUNDAY, CALL.
RABBI JACOB NIETO
\u25a0 ; • : • , - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0-'.
an admiring world of readers ' year after year .
quoted his lines with a laugh as a fine burlesque on the
hopes arid wishes of lovers. But now space Is annihilated;
time is annihilated, and men and ; women, know now that
they are their brothers and sisters. They could not help It
If they would. They would not help'lt If they could. The
plowboy in "Dakota sends her dally, bread to the old Scotch
widow In the Highlands, who ; has prayed for Jt to the
Father of them both. The oil which ; the sailor "boy" sends
from Alaska is sent half across the world.. A pint of Jt Is r
enough for a thousand workshops, and because the boy. did
L his duty, there off the North Cape the balance wheel of \u25a0my
watch js running right to-day, and the balance ' wheel of
Jane's watch is running right , to-day, and Jane and I meet
each other at the trystlng/prace on Christmas morning,
without the loss ; of 'a second 'from our Christmas 1 kiss.
Indeed.' I cannot be selfish if I would. I cannot steal away
arid * complain ' to : the - good 'God that he , has s . left me alone.
I cannot «ay , that I'care for nobodyiand nobody cares for
me. ; New England , does send ice to Calcutta. : Java does
send its cinnamon for. the Christmas dinner; of, Alaska.'
'Alaska "does send. Its. oil 'for John and Jane's :trystfng- on
Christmas - morning,' and . John Vand .Jane ought to find out'
fon Christmas - morning, ; as lip i touches lip. - and as each \ tries
to utter first the .Christmas wish--they ought to find out
that weare all one living household^of the living God.
.Dear, reader, before you^klndle your fire with this" jour
nal, if you read in-Labrador, or before you piri up the sheet
tc>^^ screen the siin's fays^ as they, pass too hotly through; the
window of ;, your . house ' ; on the ;1 si and of Antipodes, 'i take ;to,
mind on ; your Christmas .'day that we are indeed one. Find
r out ' how -"you 1 can : consecrate 4 ; the long day Tor * the long night^
to this mutual] service. ; What are you doing,' old fellow, in
'drawl rig .people "even : closer * and closer ? _- . The ; century ; has
to build the" four great 't railway,} systems. - Firstv the four
; track; railway from" Hudson Bay to PatagOnia.7 Second, - the*
four- track- railway 'frorii. Harriburg to Kamchatka.^ 'Third,
-
in Russia, where a population Immersed in crass ignorance
may still begoaded on to deeds of madness and barbarity
by a'curinlng and unscrupulous priesthood.
\u25a0}' The dawn. of our. later civilization in proportion as it
enlightened Christendom lightened the miseries of the Jew
and even though the- sentiment of Christmas. "On earth
Peace and good will toward all men." was rather expressed
than practiced, still tfi« continual repetition of the senti
ment served In admeasure to assuage the harsh and un
warranted feeling "against a people whose side of the cru
cifixion story has riot yet been heard. • ;
...In Germany, where a cold aid' refined, but nevertheless
strong and determined anti-Semitism prevails. I do not
think the advent of Christmas Is. very jubilantly hailed by
the great mass of Jews In that country. 'though., indeed, the
few who strive after social preferment will assume any ex
terior that social amenities 'may demand. \u25a0>-.
In England, where the Christmas season merely Inau
gurates a period of unbridled' profligacy and drunkenness
for the multitudes of Its population, the Jew. always \u25a0 a
temperate man. does not view the"f estlral with any degree
of favor. He is indifferent. The later arrivals from Rus
sia and Poland evince the greatest dread of the return of
Christmas. ; . \u25a0 * :
But here in this country, where anti-Semitism is confined
to the narrow minority that God and nature never intended
for big thoughts or big deeds, to a coterie of egotists who
doubt the sanity and Integrity of all but themselves, the
Christmastlde has assumed for the Jew a new significance.
Here no church fulminates anathemas" that engender vi
cious thoughts in the minds of Its communicants; no pastor
or priest play 3 the role of wolf Intent upon destroying the
descendants of the Jewish people because a cowardly Ro
man Governor shifted the blame and the burden of hf3 of
ficial act on to their shoulders. Here, where the absolutely
, sectarian character of, the celebration Is lost in its larger
and -more truly religious and humanitarian aspect, the Jew
feels that he, may participate with his Christian fellow
cltlzen In proclaiming "On earth peace and good will
ward all men" because he. more than any other man. has
made sacrifice for this same Ideal. He feels as 'did - his;
fathers at the feast of Esther, when they sent presents to**
their friends and gifts to the poor, .that there Is afforded"
him another opportunity to exemplify the teachings of til 3
own religion, and takes advantage of the occasion to dem
onstrate"to his neighbors that he can enter Into the spirit
of his Joys and if need be promote his happiness. \u25a0•
The Jew wishes that "there were more than 'one occa
. sion of the year when Christians turn in love to the. poor.
\u25a0for he has full six festivals In each year that he cannot
rightly observe without first providing for the poor.
the railway which shall bind Europe with Syria/Babylon.
Afghanistan and Burmah. Fourth, the railway from Cairo
to the Cape. Are you doing your share about this? Are
you writing a song about It. or arayou turning a sod, or
are you filing a rivet?,
* Or without; thinking of the Cape or of Beloochistaiyor
Beied-el-Jereed. how Is U about old Caesar In tha "Hollow"
behind "your cedars? Or is It In Antarctic "Hollow," on tha
other side of a "mango grove? Sarah, dear, how long Is It
since anybody has seen old Caesar's people? Whatever be
came of that boy v of old Caesar's .who shipped on the Cor
morant, or that girl. of his who went up to- the) Four Cor
ners to find a place? Sarah, dear. let us have the- jlnrlklsha
or the victoria or the buggy, and sea how old Caesar 13
getting on. For each of us has his old Caesar, and each of
us can tie up his own particular knot In the warp of Ufa
and each of us can throw across the.' warp the shuttle which
bears the Christmas thread. And - all this means that boy
or, girl, young man or maiden, father or mother, soldier,
merchant, machinist, teacher or pupil — all of us, np to tha
old men of four score, and their , contemporaries among
the old women, are to look around on" Christmas day and
see what we have to do for peace- among the nations.
Somebody, somewhere, sang Christmas morning, "Glory to
God In the highest and on earth peace, good will toward
man.* Somebody, somewhere, dear reader, can and ought
tossing this sons; again to-day — arid "what Is more, you
and I are two of those somebodies. ' We can do something
about It. Now, pray remember, here In Typee, on the hay
mow her* In Auckland, or lying In a long chair In front
of the blazing log . which : Shicatawbut , left for me three
hundred years ago, you and you. and I have all of us our
part to. take In. bringing In peace among the nations. „ Is
It as John and I lightour pipes after the Christmas dinner?
Is It. m; Mary .'and Dorcas are at the sewing society? is it
as. Tom speaks hi* piece 'next Saturday 'when the elocution
day comes round? — you and I are to do our part that man.
woman and child this world over shall- be truly one; that
nation .shall not take up arms against nation, and that
men need study war no more. . •
' But he, her fears to cttw,
Bent {down, the meek-ey'd Peacs; *
. \u25a0 / She. crowned with ollvs grtaa.' cams softly slldlrs;
\u25a0 Down , through the turnln* spher* ' .
His ready harbinger..
v : WUh' turtle wing the; amorous elouds?dlvfdlng; y
And waving wide her myrtle wand, . .. .. '.
.She strikes a universal peace through the sea and land.
No, war, or battU'i sound,)
! Was . h*axd i tha [world • around ; . -..»
.".The Idle- spear, and shield were high up hung.
> ; Tha : hooked chariot stood -
i v r : Unstaln'd with hostile blood.
. The trumpet spake : not . to th« armed throng.
And kings sat still with awful eye.
As If. they. surely knew tavtr so v* reign Lord was by."
But I peaceful was ' tha night.
.Wherelnthe" Prince of light ,
• His reign Jof peace ; upon ' earth began;
: - ..The "winds ". with \ wonder _ whist
.- Smoothly the waters klat. : '''«. \u25a0
/ - ..* Wblsp'ringfnewr Joys "to" tn« mild' ocean.
: ; -^ 1 £ tt * c Wrds of :calm,lt brooding on the charmed ware.
(Copyright. 1905.' by; Samuel- j! Tucker!) '""'CHRISTMAS SERMON
The word ttm God. And 'the word wsj made fle«h, and dwelt
isorp us. — St. John 1:1-14. \u25a0 ' '
IN THIS summary way does the evangelist who, of the
four, has told us most about the person of. Christ,
express the "wonderful economy of. redemption, by
which God became man. the highest became the low
est, the Creator took his place among his creatures,
power became weakness, and wisdom looked to men like
folly" Upon this glorious, unfathomable truth of the in
carnation our hopes of the future depend. Upon it also
depend the principles of our religious life here upon earth,
which must of necessity be the preparation for that future.
And so. while it seems almost like an officious intrusion
upon the sweet spirit of the festival to indulge in pro
cesses of reasoning when we should rather ."rejoice and be
qUA" stilL we may reverently inquire so far into the
Christmas mystery as to see what it has done to foster
our Christian life by making its supreme duty easier.
As God is a spirit, to worship him is to worship a
\u25a0plrlt. Since, however, we have never had any experience
of spiritual beings, and cannot, for that reason, even Im
agine what they are like, this worship of God, which Is
our highest religious duty, is necessarily extremely diffi
cult. Worship is a mental and intellectual act: the will
and mind must produce it. or it does not exist. But as we
cannot think at all without tho accompaniment of images.
however faint, in the Imagination, the thought of God,
involved in the worship of him. must be attended by some
image of him. * The difficulty of forming this image it is
which commonly makes our mental grasp or God so feeble.
He is too often little more to us than an abstraction— a
name to which no reality corresponds. You will at once
realize what this means if you have ever tried to cultivate
devotion to God the Father or to God the Holy Ghost. To
most people the object of such devotion will probably
seem illusive, vanishing before them as they try to lix
their mental eyes upon it.
This initial difficulty of worship, arising from the spir
ituality of God. is increased by a second, which springs
from the character of the worship ho requires of us.
Worship is an intellectual act; true, but it is more than
that. It is an act of the whole being. The first and great
est commandment is this: "Thou shalt love the Lord thy
God with thy whole heart, and with thy whole soul, and
\u25a0tvith thy whole mind." ; Not only our intellect, but 9111
feelings, our emotions and our affections, are to hav<* :i
share in our worship. Without these the purely mentai
acts which form the basis of our love and adoration arc
cold auJ feeble. It is the heart which gives to worshir
its power and warmth.
When our emotions run along v/ith our reason and wil
religious arts are easy. When they are absent or con
trary it takes all our resolution i.nd self-control to rernaii
faithful to our duty. One-half our being seems then U
be warring against tho other half; and in the end. if th<
conflict be long and fierce, our mental faculties too oftei
lose their mastery, and we are swept along by our rebel
lious feelings.
And yet these feelings arc a part' of our strange littU
being. Indeed they are the effective forces of life, power
ful for good when they are brought to the support of
virtue; demon furies when perverted, to the service of sin.
They are Gods gifts to us. and he asks us to direct them
to his worship, so that our whole being, spiritual anil
physical, may offer him one harmonious homage.
But how can we bring our hearts to serve him? Car
the thought of the invisible Spirit God. who is everywhere
and yet nowhere, warm us with the glow of fervor? Can
an immaterial being' kindle emotions within us? Can the
arms of our affection enfold that which we cannot even
imagine? . S
God demands the love of our heart. But the heart
needs the tangible, the visible, the present, the concrete,
to move it deeply. It was the lack of these that made the
worship of God doubly hard to the chosen people of old.
They wanted to see and feel their God. and in consequence
repeatedly fell a prey to the idolatry of their heathen
neighbors. When Moses delayed to come down the moun
tain his people forgot the Lord whose prophet he was, and
cried out to Aaron. "Arise, make us gods that may go
before us." (Exodus xxxii:l). It was but the strong
cry of their emotions drowning the sounder but weaker
voice of reason.
And so it was throughout their history. «* They were
constantly falling away; and It was only by the direst
punishments that God could hold them even to a fitful,
cold and feeble worship.
But, surely, a merciful father will at length have pity
upon this weakness of human nature. He will not always
remain far away from his children. He will not forevei
deny the cravings of their heart. He will come to them
He will no longer rule them by( fear. lTe will win then:
to himself by love and hold them by the cords of Adam.
What is It here on earth that draws us most power
fully? What can stir our soul to its depths? What car
make us better than we are wont to be? What can In
spire us at times to forget ourselves and rise to gen^erou:
sacrifice? What Is it that can bind us by the purest, th<
tenderest, yet the strongest bonds? What but the strength
of a human life, the love of a human heart like our own'
Our nature responds to its like. The touch of a hand maj
thrill our being; a word may fix our wavering resolution
a glance may arouse our faltering courage; or the sounc
of a voice may soften us to tears. .
THE PHILOSOPHY OF CLOTHES
THE troubles of the human race began with clothes
and most of them since the bediming have been
connected in one way or another with the grave
question of how shall a man be clothed. This re
mark is particularly applicable just now Jo thoso
of us' who arc still garbed in our summer underclothes .
and are wearing our fall overcoat with the assumed non
chalance of a man who really doesn't mind the cold and
only puts on an overcoat at all to please his wife.
The second stop In the development of the garment '
making industry was in the adoption of the discarded
wearing apparel of various and sundry beasts of the
field. It is to be feared that Eaid beasts were seldom .
consulted as to the time and manner of the process of
discarding. baO then very few men even to-day have
anything to say about the kind of clothes they shall
wear and when they shall wear them. . ..
After the fur stage came the iron age when every
man with designs on his neighbor's hencoop or cash
drawer decked himself in the contents of a hardware
store with a saucepan on his head and, a toasting fork
in his strong right' hand. In : those days a battle sounded
tike a strength test between a couple of steam riveters
and the military academies were equipped with anvils
and sledge hammers to give the cadets experience In the
Eontle art of fencing us it was practiced, in those days.
We refrain from pursuing the devious route by which
the development of the fine art of clothing ourselves has
reached the present high point /where a man can spend
half his salary for a tuxedo and then look like an under
study for a head waiter.
Having brought the general subject of clothes down
THE ~ SAN - FRANCISCO VStJNDA^ r GAIJI*-
God will not suffer his creatures; to vbe stronger, in
these ways than he himself. Jj These wondrous* powers he.
will himself assume. He will {take a human nature, a body
and a soul like \u25a0 ours, but sinless.^' He "too will .have ": a;
heart, a heart of flre, a; heart- of tenderness and"' strength,
a 1a 1 heart of compassion- and mercy. He will ;not cease i to 1
be God, ' but he will begin \u25a0 to . be ; man. Then when men
shall' see him" and know -.him; ; their being will go out
to him, heart; and mind with one. accord bowing \u25a0'. down
before him in easy adoration.
" Long .ago there was \u25a0a. lowly .Virgin \who- became a
mother. She bore ason whom ; "God|hadj given; into her
bosom, a son whose name, is ; " called j Emmanuel—^Godwith^
us; she wrapped^ her little one In swathing bands and,laid^
him in- a manger. .From the joyous Tday^ of 'her bleBsed :
motherhood, forevermore, the invisible; Spirit God has a
local habitation and a name in the wide; universe which
his hands have made. ;•< ; . • , '
'• .'.* The reign of foar ended and ;that of .love began when
God was born— when the word" was mado flesh and dwelt
among^Jis. '•,""'' . r ' _ (
\u25ba The angel choirs burst their silence, to herald the now
era. Shepherds and -Rings," the Slowly/ and j.he\cVe.*t,;'are
drawn to him. They approach him with simple, loving
hearts, for they cannot come near to the spirit of a littli?
cfjild unless they themselves become as little children
And Into -'these ..'hearts heaven sets the precious jeivel cf
faith, and the first worshipers fall in easy, joyful adora
tion before the infnnt'God AVliom they can sec and touch.'.
When the v/ord wits made ; Mesh. • 'therefore, when God
becan-.s man. ho made the 'supreme' duty of worship easier.
If it is hard to Jove God the Father who dwelleth. a pure
spirit, in lifjht inaccessible, it is easy to love God the Son.
a little infant who was laid in a manger.
The intfllectual coldness and- the old-time compulsion
of- worship are gone. Henceforth it is warmed by the fire
«;f lovV. Everything: in our blessed Savior attracts us to
him. He' has a name dear to us froia childhood: a human
nature like our own; ho has a body and a soul, . a mind,
a lifart. and filings and omotions. lie ,has': walked this
earth a; we walkJt. -He has sounded all the depths of its
sorrows and .arriefs and-pains. ' .'
What makes him all but irresistible. . when ' once wo
have realized who l«o is. is the knowledge; that -he became
man ahd livod his lifo for you and me— for : us .men and
for our salvation.': 'The- sweet charm ot, his infancy, the
patient endurance of his ministry, thoj tender obedience
of his crucifixion, the triumph of -his resurrection and the
consolation of his ascension— Hjvery incident of : his life
was permeated with love of us. Every act was an appeal
to win our devotion. "Wiiat more should! have, done
that I have not done?" To such pleading love can love
be. dead? -;:.:.
What less can men do than fail; down, before him and
adore him: mind and heart and soul cryingout-as Thomas
did when -hi.* tinger3 V touched the proving " wounds. .".My
Lord ar.tl my God!" \u25a0.}\u25a0\u25a0 .... :
. Now. althouglivthf!;. primary difficulty of .worship, that
arising from the spirituality of God. T has thus .been :tem
pered by the incarnation,; another, yet remains. ;'y',v*-,' •
.Our blessed Lord was born,"; lived-, andi died.' and took
liis place 'in the world's history.,; Will not; his .name, his
llfe/'und his influence, therii become dimmed by. the mist
of year 3. until nothing but a memory* of, theni .shall re
main? All things tend; to disappean in the vanishing point
of '-past perspective. wili Jesus ;Christ be an' exception
to this law? : , ; '
Is there no thing left for us but the story of : his sojourn
on earth? Is there; only the - place where . his feet have
etood? Has God done all his marvels for a; few'"fsouls
whose only title to witness them is /the fact that' tjtey
lived 1900 years ago?; And for us .is there nothing but
the dead written record of. them? How then are; we more
blessed than those who lived under the old covenant?
Only with labor could they bring home, to themselves out
of the distant , heavens . the presence of God the Father;
we. with scarcely less effort can awaken out of the sleep
ing: past his incarnate son. J --'^.
Even should we succeed in enthroning him ' in , our
hearts, how insecure is his rule. It is one of our humilia
tions! to know how ..time and distance often weaken ;or
dissolve; our strongest affections. For the most part con
tinued devotion needs, continued presence. *
God's love has met this failing of ours as he met the
other. His omnipotence has burst the bonds of death and
set at naught the limitations o' time and space. >
Jesus lives to-day on every Catholic altar, for on the
r.ight on which he was betrayed he took bread, and
blessed and made it his body; he took wine and gave
thanks and made it his blood; and he gave his priests
the power to do what he had done. Frail, ignorant, sinful
man. by the sacerdotal power given to. him, compels the
presence of the highest; he lays him up In a small taber
nacle; he dispenses him to a sinful people — the same
gracious Savior who had compassion on the multitudes In
the wilderness; who brought Mary Magdalen weeping to
his feet; whose touch healed the sick; who comforted the
grief-stricken widow of Nairn; . who wept at the tomb of
Lazarus; and whose look of reproach brought the tears
of repentance to the «yes of Peter.
The doors of his temples are always open, Inviting us
to enter and adore. There In his divine presence our
hearts grow warm again, our strength is renewed and our
courage revived.. There our greatest difficulties of worship
to the . present \ day we shall turn our. attention to the
case of ;J. Seedy Wilkinson and endeavor- to show how
some of the bearings of our previous remarks; lie in the
application on 'em. J. Seedy- was early taught that good
old doctrine that a man is a man for a" that. '. This being.
Interpreted 5s generally, taken to mean that any : \ man
has a right to think as much; of himself as of anyone
else, if not' more, and that.; no matter, what an ( impartial
Invoice might disclose , a man's' own price list is. the
determining ' factor. . ' Acting in accordance ' with his early
instruction J. Seedy determined that, altogether too -much
attention was given to clothing the outer -man and too
little to the embellishment .. of the inner.
Therefore, or for some other reason, J. Seedy gave
his attention to. the cultivation of his intellect and -wore
clothes only because : there appeared to be a general pre
judice that way. r His trousers . bagged at the knees, and
were fringed', al the bottom: his sleeves .came; to an
abrupt termination two inches short : of their proper-des
tination, and his "shoes were as badly;; run J over-; as", a
pedestrian wno>assumes: that/public highways;: are made
for walking ;and jjot f or ; tlie .'exclusive use fof | automobiles.'
Hair he, held to : be an- Indication of ;;genius and 'so 'he
permitted- his to; run; riot till it was in imminent.. danger
of Inducing arhurry-up call, for : the police reserves. ';
Having made all his arrangements? for being the .real
thing ; in. the way of ' a;blithering. genius,; J.: Seedy set out
to inform the .world that a. real man; had .arrived, and
was prepared' to "open negotiations for; the acquisition of
fame'and fortune. \u0084Now., Now. be It known i that- J.*- Seed y.^was
really../ a .good thing in disguise as far- as; cerebral possi
bilities were concerned. The; man; who caught? him asleep
REV. FATHER CHARLES A. RAMM
are solved. We arc not condemned to search- for him in
an ; empty tomb,* nor -'strain- 'our eyes to see him in the
distant heavens. \ .-..We" know "".where they have laid him
under visible symbols, and we may arise and go to him
there, and satisfy the irrepressible cravings of our hearts
to have him near us.
Even those who think they cannot believe he lives
thus locally present In our' midst feel, when they are
alone in a Catholic church, that there is some; influence
there which they find nowhere else. Is it- strange that he.
whose presence, unrecognized, made the hearts of the two
disciples burn within them as they journeyed with him
to Emmaus should still make that presence felt by, those
who come nearest to him? He is not dead but liveth. and
wherever he is virtue;still goes out from him.
Yes. . for our poor sakes :the word made flesh still
dwells among us. "There in the tabernacle is. the lowli
ness of his birth; the obedience, of his childhood: the
obscurity of his youth; the patience of his ministry; the
sacrifice of "his crucifixion, and the triumph of his resur
rection; so that the real presence is but the compliment
of the mystery of, -. Christmas. The life; which began in
the cril* continues on the altar.
With this llfoVonstantly before them, isi it any wonder
that so many of his children will follow him anywhere?
Kneeling at his. feet they have heard his voice, "If thou
wilt be perfect, go, sell what thou hast, and.glve to the
would have to use a jimmy and, a dark lantern, to do it. <
and even: then the .chances were, that- J. Seedy, would ,|
trade him a book of cigarettes: and a broken penjknife i
for the tools, and cheat him In' the quality ..of the ciga- * i
rettes into the bargain. /J.^ Seedy looked the field over (
liretty carefully and came to thcT'conclusioh'that the bank- i
ing business .was the thing i that j needed his immediate «
attention in the greatest degree, and he therefore indicteU i
a scholarly epistle to the'president of a flourishing Insti- j
tution "for the cultivation of the .quarterly dividend, in- ; j
forming him of his willingness .to aid. in. harvesting the . |
crop."- •"..;" - : -' -.';•'\u25a0 .;..\u25a0 '.l. "\u25a0; "\u25a0 : .. ".'.'." •"\u25a0-.-(. '. .'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-(
'\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 The president recelved ! ;J.Seedy\ with eclat and ,a j
10-cent cigar 'out. of Mais ..stock,, but , when 'he , j
feasted . his eyes on- the personal getup of ; our., luckless -
cold" and \u25a0 stony., \lt was -the ; rocky, \u0084
' appearance \u25a0of J. ' Seedy. ' which ; had ,-* that - ; effect' on the
banker's r gaze. He ; , didn't tell the ; aspiring • applicant what ,
the trouble .was. : but > intimated : ' : that • circumstances V had j
; arisen { in Uhe last \ fifteen /minutes .which ' w;ould \ render : it •
- hazardous . to > add .'another .sls} a .week to- the . ; ;
bank's f payroll. " J. : Seedy -wondered exceedingly, but \.Ma.6.\ y \
tol. take it rout: in wondering. .Then heV tried: to -^break . \u25a0
into the »:clvil service ; and"; had <the thins^ pretty 'nearly
clnchedthrough the helping; hand. 'of. Uhe" family alderman- 1
when the \ head of ; the*^ department which . J. \ Seedy, counted -
on 2 rejuvenating ? came to :> the iconciusion that I the position <
of official : scarecrow.Lwas already; filled and; that ; the^treas- . !
ury; would hardly! stand for anjassistanttb; that; personage. \u25a0{,'
,' These' two' } instances ; ! are "\ merely.- typical i of . J. Seedy*s . - '
experience 'during Sthe ; next .'six .months - his \u25a0.;
:He : tramped ' the ; streets '\ and knocked : at .. every.; door .*\u25a0 that .
REV. FATHER
CHARLES A. RAMM
poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come,
follow me." Their generous hearts have answered the
invitationr and they have arisen and left country and'name
and father's house to serve Ms orphans, his sick, his
aged, his blind, and his lepers.
Take away the altar presence and you take away th©
inspiration which has led so many men and women to
follow the Christian counsels of perfection. The hundreds
and thousands, and tens of thousands, who have forsaken
all the world can offer and are living for God and God'a
interests alone, derive their strength and personal devo
tion from the divine life in the tabernacle.
Alas! -that to most of us. that life still means so little.
"There hath stood one In the midst of you whom you
know not" — one who came that we might have life, and
might have it more abundantly. Men live the sensual
life: they live the intellectual life: they live the social and
the worldly life: they do not "live the divine life. They do
not want lt^ "You will not come to me that you may have
life." Nor do they care more for the other blessings that
he • proffers.- They grope about and will not -follow the
way: they are full of questionings and will not Interro
gate the truth: they are in darkness and will not see the
light: they are In sin and will not have the Redeemer.
O thou who art the way. the truth and the life: thou
who art the light of the world and the Redeemer of the
nations, bear with us in our perversity, convert our hearts,
enlighten oyr minds and direct our feet into the way
of peace! ;
AFABLE-FOR f THE FOOLISH -
NICHOLAS NEMO
displayed the slightest symptoms of standing ajar only
to be told that there was -nothing doing and that he was
mighty lucky' that they didn't set the dog on him. Finally
a : kind-hearted* gentleman who thought that he could
detect signs of ability under our friend's uncouth exterior
took it upon himself to show him where the . trouble re
sided. "My. young friend," he said, "some one has evidently
been -giving you that old gag about man being superior
to his clothes. That's undoubtedly true., but one believes
it.- at •; least not in that way. Other . things being equal,
the man 1 who dresses himself. 1 instead of merely crawling
out of -\u25a0 bed and; putting on what clothes >he can find
handy.- will ; land the money. The world 13 looking for
ability, but it wants it- well decorated."
A word to J. Seedy was sufficient, especially since it
was 'work or starve. His surplus funds were Invested In
a suit of. clothes : which .fitted him. 'at 'least in the more
salienf places, and he made a contract \u25a0 with a friendly,
barber to supply the. stuffing for a consignment of sofa
pillows. Then '; he hied him forth and tackled the first
job that "he saw.' coming down -the field for a loss of five
'yards.'-.. ' '*'.....-.,. ... .' ' „'. -
:yj All 4 , of . these "remarks which twe have been pushing
out Into-; the* cold -and silent night may seem foolish to
theluninitiated, and. "people who read Browning and, dote
on- Dante/probably "won't like them, butt nevertheless the
rest'- of ; us . may, discover the solemn truth that whila
clothes, may not-make the man entirely they help mate
:rially>to Jflnish him oft. '." They al3o teach us that even
valuable GOODS look better In neat .wrappings.
.; vrv-iv r v-i v \u25a0- - (Copyright, 1904. by Albert Brltt.) .';THE PRSIDENT
Thr- >undar Call ban nccared
the serial rl»;lit« of Alfred Henry
L«*vl«' great novel of modern
politics, •The President," and
to-dity elves Its reader* the
third Installment of what Is
conceded to be the best and
\u25a0rtroneest vrork of this bril
liant, trenchant writer, already
bo well known as the author of
"Wolfvllle Days" and "The
Boss." "The President" will
appear In weekly Installments
In The Sunday Call until com
pleted.
(Copyright. 1901. by A. S. Barnes & Co.)
a * •*— n ESS," remarked Dorothy ten
• • tatlvely, "suppose mamma
Jr^ were to forbid me loving on*
f*? ) -whom I loved—" Here she
broke down, aghast.
"My dear Dorothy." ccjed the other,
surprised into deepest concern, "your
mother didn't Bee him kissing your.lin
gers, did she?"
"Oh, no, Bess," said Dorothy hurriedly,
"we were cuite alone."
"You foolish girl," returned Bess. "You
alarmed me!"
"But really. Bess," persisted Dorothy,
"to put It this way: If your mamma In
sisted, would you give way and marry a
man you didn't love?"
"You mean Count Storri," replied Bess.
"Now, Dorothy, listen to me. In the first
place, you are an arrant hypocrite. You
pretend to be soft and powerless and
yielding, and to appeal to me for counsel.
And all the time you «re twice as . ob
stinate as I an, and much less likely to
accept a man you don't love, or give up
one whom you love."
"Well, Bess." said Dorothy defensively,
a bit stricken of these truths, "really, I
want your opinions on marriage."
"Oh, that Is it: Then snap your fingers
in the teeth of command, and marry no
man whom you <3o not love!"
"But the man you love might not want
you:" sighed Dorothy.
"The man you love will always want
you," declared Bess with firmness.
"How sweet you are!"
"And as for parents making matches
for their daughters," continued Bess, un
moved of the tribute, and speaking as
one who for long had made a study of
the world's domestic affairs, "It is sure
to lead to trouble and divorce."
"Is it" asked Dorothy, appalled.
*"It Is!" returned Bess with a sepulchral
air, as though pronouncing doom. Then,
mocking Dorothy's serious face with a
little tumult of laughter, she went on.
"There; it's all decided now the way you
\u25a0wished. You are to refuse Count .Storri
and marry Mr. Storms without bestowing
either care or thought on what Mamma
Harley or Papa Harley or Uncle Pat may
say or do about it."
"Really, Bess, how much better you
have made me feel. After all, there's no
body like a wise, dear, true friend!"
"The value of such a friend is beyond
conjecture," returned the mocking Bess,
reassuming her tones of the oracle.
The memory of Richard's kisses on her
fingers never left Dorothy all that day
and all that night. Those fortunate lit
tle fingers seemed translated into some
thing rosily better and apart from her
self. And brow and ears and eyes and
cheeks and lips went envying those lucky
fingers; ar.d in the end the lips crept
upon them and kissed them for having
been kissed; perhaps with vague thoughts
«f robbing them of some portion of the
blissful wealth wherewith they had been
Invested. Richard, being male, for his
part thought the less about it, and went
simply meditating future sweet aggres
sions. And that shows the difference be
tween a man and a maid.
Richard, feeding his love with thoughts
cf Doroihy and his vanity with Ink, and
thereby gaining two mighty reasons for
living, began to keep earlier hours. He
turned out at nine o'clock Instead of
eleven and twelve, hours which had for
merly matched his languid fancy. These
energetic doings bred alarm in both Mat
zai and Mr. Pickv.ick, evoking snappish
protests from the latter, who, being of a
nocturnal turn, held that the day was
meant for sleep. On the morning after
he had been honored with the privilege
of the veranda door, Richard was borne
upon by something akin to gloom. This
feeling went with him from bed to bath,
end from bath to breakfast, and finally
walked with him all the way to the Har
ley house. He was willing to sacrifice the
Daily Tory and yoke himself personally
to the mills of Senator Hanway's de
signs; but he must see Dorothy. That
brightness was the bribe, unspoken and
unknown to all save himself, that had
brought him Into Washington and these
sundry and divers plots and counterplots
cf state. And now to be cheated through
the polite blundering of a gentleman, who
was co engaged in considering himself
that he had neither time nor eyes for
any # other. Richard swore roundly in
mental fashion at his contrary fate. And
yet he saw no way to better the situation;
and perforce, for this morning at least,
he was driven to push the bell of the
veranda door. He might have gone about
the ceremony with more cheer had he
known how he was to gain an ally in his
troubles; one, moreover, whose aid was
cure to prove effective.
As Senator Hanway's black messenger
ushered Richard into that statesman's
study, the radiant Dorothy perched at the
end of Senator Hanway's table, was the
picture that greeted his eyes. Our radi
ant one sought to stifle her effulgence be
neath a look severe and practical. This
expression of practical severity was a
failure, and served to render her more
dazzling.
"I have made up my mind," quoth Dor
othy, the moment Richard was Inside
the door, and speaking in the loud, dead
level monotone which she conceived to
be the voice for business conversations
as against the giggling, gurgling ups and
downs of conversations purely social, "I
have made up my mind to come In every
morning and help Uncle Pat. I'm tired of
being a useless incumbrance."
Delivering which, Dorothy wore the re
solved manner of a new Joan of Arc, who
had come seeking fields of politics rather
than those of war.
"And I have been of use to you. haven't
I, Uncle Pat?" demanded Dorothy.
"Of measureless use, dear," said Sena
tor Hanway. Then, turning to his sec
retary, who had taken a score of
letters shorthand and was about to
seek his own Quarters and run
them off upon the typewriter: "Have
those copied by 3 o'clock and bring
them here for signature."
Senator Hanway had no more than
Rriven Richard good morning when
Senator Loot was announced.
"He won't stajr long," said Senator
ALFRED
HENRY
LEWIS
... ... a
Hanway; but while he s here, dear,
\u25a0won't you take Mr. Storms into the li
brary?" The request was preferred to
Dorothy. _ '
"Yes." began Dorothy, when she and
Richard found themselves in the li
brary, and nothing to Interrupt j them
but the distant slumberous rumble of
Senator Loot. "Yes, I'm going to help
Uncle Pat. And I'm going to learn
how to be a newspaper woman, too.
I think every girl should be capable of
earning her own living. Not fhat I
expect to be obliged to do so; but it
is beßt to be prepared." Dorothy's face
was funereal, as though disasters,
clawed and fanged, were roaming: the
thickets of the future, to spring upon
her. "So I shall learn the newspaper
trade; go In and be a writer as. you
are — only not so brilliant-j-and then, if
It were necessary, I could* earn my own
way." \u25a0
Now Richard knew these Industrious
resolutions to be the veriest webs of
subterfuge. Their duplicity was appar
ent, and they were spun for him. Dor
othy owned no thought of missing his
morning calls, and had met Senator
Hanway's courtesies of the veranda
door with a move in flank. The news
cocked up the spirits of Richard, ex
cessively, and gave to his Farnese
shoulders an Insolent swing as he
strutted up and down the library. Ho
had expected Dorothy to reproach him
for the soft violence done her fingers;
but she made no mention of it. Where
upon—in such manner do unchepked
iniquities multiply upon themselves—
Richard turned toward her with a
purpose of again outraging those little
fingers with the burden of a fresh ca
ress. The little fingers, grown weary,
however, were in discreet retirement
behind Dorothy, as, with her back to
the window, she stood facing him.
Defeated in his campaign against the
fingers before it had begun, Richard
was driven to discuss Dorothy's work
a-day resolves.
"Newspaper work? Do society, I
suppose?" • .
Richard had got hold of the
Idioms of the craft and spoke of "doing
society" as thougn reared among the
types. . ~~; r-;-_7p.r -;-_7p.
"No, not society." and Dorothy shook
her head. "I'd pick 'em to pieces, the
minxes; and the papers don't want
that. No, I'm going to learn about
politics with Uncle Pat. I shall write
politics. You must teach me."
. Richard said he would.
"Only you should know," said he,
"that I need a deal of teaching my
self."
"But you can write!" cried Dor
othy, her hands emerging from their
•retreat to clasp each other in a
glow of admiration. "I've read; your
letters. They remind me of Carlyle's
'French Revolution.' "
• This staggered Richard; was his idol
laughing at him? A glance into her
eyes showed only a darkened enthusi
asm; whereat Richard puffed and
swelled. Perhaps his Daily Tory let
ters did have the rhetorical tread of
the Scotchman's masterpiece. In any
event it was pleasant to have Dorothy
think so. Before he could frame his
modesty to fit reply, tfce cumbrous re
treat of Senator Loot was overheard.
"Now we must go back," said Doro
thy.
"May I have a rose?' asked Richard,
pointing to his blushing consignment
of that day, where they luxuriated in a
giant vase.
"Don't touch my hands!" cried Doro
thy fiercely, whipping them behind her.
Richard gave his humble parole that
he would not touch her hands. Being
reassured, Dorothy pinned a bud in his
lapel. The little fingers were so fondly
confident of safety that they made no
haste in these labors of the bud. Their
confidence went unabused; Richard ad
hered to his parole and never touched
them.
- "I'm glad you can keep your prom
ise!" said Dorothy, pouting- from pure
delight.
Later, the pair made love to one an
other with their eyes across the digni
fied desk of Senator Hanway, while that
statesman told Richard matters to the
detriment of Mr. Hawke's canvass for a
Speakership and Governor Obstinate's
claims upon a Presidency, of which,
through the medium of the Daily. Tory,
he believed the public should be: in
formed.
"My dear Dorothy," observed the
sibyl of the goMcn locks, when the
other related how faithfully Richard
had kept his compact concerning her
fingers, "you ought never to make a
man promise the thing you do not
want. They are such dullards; besides,
they have a passion for keeping their
word."
The President and General Attorney
and thirty- two underling attorneys of
the Anaconda Airline, in accord with
Mr. Gwynn's request, descended upon
Washington. The thirty-two underling
attorneys, coming to town- by twos and
threes, were amazed when they found a
gathering of the Anaconda Airline
clans. They collected In groups and
clots at the Shoreham, the Arlington
and Willard's to discuss their amaze
ment.
The President and General Attorney,
if they were smitten of wonder, con
cealed it, and within the ~ hour' after
their arrival rang the doorbell- of Mr.
Gwynn. They were ushered. into a room
the tamed splendors of whlchtold the
thoroug*h taste that had conceived it.
Then their cards went ; u\> to 1 Mr.
Gwynn.
Word came back that Mr. Gwynn was
deeply engaged. Would the President
and the General Attorney of the Anacon
da Airline call again in an hour? The
president and . general attorney had
for long harbored a theory • that , Mr.
Gwynn was the greatest man on earth.
Now they knew -It; the fact -was dis
played beyondy dispute^ by. his .failure
to instantly; see " them. The president
and general attorney ' withdrew,* silent
in their awe, and Mr.; Gwynn dispatch-,
ed Matzai to ; find? Richard. j;i^ . i;
On the hour's even stroke, the pres-
ident and general attorney were, again
at Mr. Gwynn's. That personage was
still unable to meet them; however, he
sent Richard with written excuses ;for
his absence and the suggestion that
Richard, speaking in his place, would
put them in possession of hla wishes.
"Mr. Gwynn desired to say," observed
Richard, "that Anaconda Airline inter
ests deeply depend upon: Mr. Frost for
Speaker." \u25a0 ; :.\u25a0 . \u25a0•. ; ..--- .- ": ;:\u25a0'\u25a0 i
"What we've said from the begin
ning!" remarked the president to. the
general, attorney.
"Precisely what we've said!" ob
served the general, attorney.
They had said nothing on that point;
but they were too. well drilled- in their
own interests' to fail of complete coin-;
cidence with a gentleman who could
call a special shareholders' meeting,
elect a new directory, -and .revise the
entire official family of the Anaconda
Airline within any, given thirty, days.
"Mr. Gwynn asks you,: then," V said
Richard,-, "since you : and. he: agree on
the propriety* of Mr. Frost for Speak
er, to consult with Senator Hanway."
And now, the-Anaconda Airline was
in the war for the House gavel. Under
the. supervision of Senator; Hanway, ,;t
brought Its whole smothering; weight
to bear upon the Hawke twenty or
-those twenty-three whose districts v
dominated. The Hawke twenty wrig
gled and writhed, but in the end; gave
way — all save a rock-ribbed quartet.
They must stay by. the standards of
Mr. Hawke.
"Our constituents will destroy us if
we don't," said they. ' : :
"The Anaconda will destroy' you if
you do," was the: blunt retort of the
general attorney. T •
The four stood firm, and were black
listed for slaughter fat the, polls a year
away, , at which ' .tlriie they were faith
fully knocked on the head. Sixteen of
the twenty went over to Mr.Frost; the
president of the Anaconda Airline came
out In an interview in. the Daily; Tory
and said that the shift of the excellent
sixteen was a popular victory.
It* was two. days "before. the caucus!.
The line-up of forces. Frost again3t
Hawke, Hanway against Obstinate,
under able captains went vigorously
forward. It pleased^ Senator Hatt-vjy
to hear that the Frost , for
tunes were being ''unexpectedly
served by the volcanic 'Mr. Hawke
himself. That gentleman had falleu:2nto
a state of indignant eruption;; his best
friends could not approach him because
of the smoke and flame ~ and la va.which*
his rage cast up}, .-..;'
"The most scoundrel thing I: ever saw
in Washington is.n.at I am made to fight:
for the Spea-kership ! 'cried the eruptive
Air. Hawke; and this of outburst
does not help any. man's, caused '";i ' \u25a0\u25a0 *,*\u25a0'.
To steal a simile from a dead gentle
man who stole from others in: his 'day,
Mr. j Hawke went into, the final battle of
the caucus much after the manner where
with a horse approaches a^drum,; that is,
with a deal of prance and but little prog
ress, and, for the most part, \ wrong end
f oreniost. \u25a0 Even then ; the | count of \u25a0 Sena
tor Hanway— a cold- flooded computation
— gave that' gavel to ; the';", violent -: Mr.
Hawite. So much for being a House
leader, a tariff monger and a friend of
Governor Obstinate.;
On the afternoon before the caucus Sen
ator Hanway took a 'last look .at the ar
ray. Besides Mr. j Hawke and Mr. - Frost,
there were two ", .other carididates,' . Mr.
j^atch and Mr.. Swinger. These latter had
been sent Into' the lists by the diplomacy
of Senator Hanway to 'hold the; delega
tions from their States, a majority where
of, if released, would fly; to Mr. Hawke.
With all four- name's ; before the caucus,
Mr. Frost would lead Mr. : Hawke by two
without having a majority. Eliminate Mr.
Patch and Mr. Swinger, however, and Mr.
Hawko would be chosen a majority of
seven. And, while the { battle might jbe
made to stagger on ; through" forty bal
lots, in the end A-r.* Patch and iir. Swing
er must perf orcelwlthdraw. They/ could
give no excuse for holding _ on "forever in
a fight shown to be hopeless: -'Some i mcth;-*
oi rriust be devised> to break?thej Hawke
alignment 'or jin { a last \u25a0-< solution 7 ;of 8 the
situation Mr. Frost; would' lose. \.
Senator. Hanway .; made ; ready." to. play
his last. card— a card to- which -nothing
suort ; of the 'desperate." turn of: events
would" have '• caused r; him; to 'resort:: .He
made a, list r of7elghteeri'of« MrkHawke's :
supporters ; i he '} picked -them out f, because
they,were.nerv'ous,' hysterical 'soula-who'm
one \ might y hope l to stampede. ..." Senator
Hanway \u25a0> then^ got'i the. ; names,; with ' the
home "addresses, of a score of the princjpii
constituents of each of -these aspen,, hys
terical: gentlemen/" - .^
A; telegraph ; oneclose-mouthed
and ; Of \u25a0\u25a0 a, v virtuous taciturnity," sat "up t all
nieht with Senator: Hanway >lns his 1 study
—the night before the caucus. .There was '\u25a0.<
none? present, but- Senator 'Hanway;and jj
the: wordless telegraphic' one; the /former, '\u25a0'!
deeming the occasion one,; proper for 'that .'
cautious rite, \u25a0 drew ..the: blinds closely.' ;;-"*
\u25a0 At Senator Hanway's dictation; the- taci
turn one, who had been so forethoughtful
as to bring with' him envelopes ana.bianKs, '.:
wrote messages toVeach: of,. : ;tbe*. hys-.
terical .eighteen, -about V twenty I, to 'a .",
man,' sighing- them^with'the naniesVof .'..'
those 'influential, . constituents. ','\u25a0*/ The '".'
messages were ;letter..perfect;?:ln . each '.'
instance., the message for; • signature 1
bore "the name of bneoipon .whomUhe jj
member, .who; would i- receive" it" leaned *
in his destinies of ipolitics.v No 'two .v.
were -worded 'alike;" albeit ioach tcOm-*
manded and' demanded Hhe Speak'ership*
for Air. Frost. ;When = they /were done,;,
nearly f our \ hundred of theni; ;the'.tacl- jf,
turn \one endowed -them .!' \u25a0 with' .'--'! those *V
quirleyques^and, syriibolS' and-'heirq
glyphics which belong" with ,' genuine j
messages arid finished by sealing, each*
in an. envelope properly ;nuinbered. and
addressed., Then'tho; taciturn one made.
a' delivery book to. match the mes- '
sages. \u25a0 ' ' ' * r . .:;.; > "' '.
"There!" exclaimed Senator : : Hanway,';'
when | at 4 in , the morning the .taciturn |
onex tossed:- the, last " forged .message •
upon the pile":, and said that"- all; were i
done; "that finished. :Nowi at 2 o'clock?,
put- on a messenger's. unlforin and, come .;
to the Capitol.t , It's 4 . a.vm.,/now,; and j
this is Saturday; the caucus /convenes- \u25a0
at -2 o'clock sharp. -It ; will be held j in ;•.:
the House chamber..' There: will U be, ten r
ballots; Ij have; arranged for;that,: and'
,Patch : arid Swinger will^not.vwlthdraw -
before, i. The ten ballots | will j consume |
two, : hours; and; a half-^-fifteen /minutes;/
to -a \u25a0roll : call. i.\ After they,* have; gone ;'.,
through / four . roll f calls, *. begin V. to J send gg
in- these »,- messages ; v the % caucus "officer \u25a0;;
on , the , door ?.will •' sign '.'"; ',- f or »> them. v , Send
first /one, to 'each ' member; J- then two; i
then ;f our ;, then five ; then aU j you have.'/,
Give iaboutJflfteenf. -minutes *^ between v;
\u25a0 consignments/ .-.*Hav« you -pot] my plan?"«-i
' \u25a0 The. taciturn ..one; nodded. .'•* ..'\u25a0.'
/\u25a0^Here's; a* $100- bill," vobgerved Sena- '
tor : " HaVi way, ;*^''f or; your j night's, i work." "
Four-> more. I wait?; for? you i y« wheii.v'Mr.'W
Frost is declared ;the , caucus -rionilricei-\
. * Saturday-, afternoon, : ; arid l-the !caucus;\
met behind locked?dqofsJ;^lt~^was'^ a*
mighty^j struggle ;ifnowyi; arid ;lt then \u25a0
\u25a0waif word 'reached^the:.outsidat-world£of;:
iwhat^&Titahw deeds iweroKbeingr»'doneA?
Tnere were ispeeohes,- and foil > calls;
men Jostitheir heads and then their repu
tations.. The sixteen .threatened of the
Anaconda" Airline); with the fear of polit
ical death upon; them, voted' " for Mr.
Frost. "• Messrs. '.Patch and; Swinger held
fast-: through'; ballot after ballot, keeping
their •delegations % together, .while. , the
Hawke captains pleaded. 1 and , begged and
promised ;and threatened in; their efforts
to -.make them" withdraw, and ! release their
following to the' main battle. Through roll
call after? roll 'call' the tally , never . varied.
With two j hundred and ten members vot
ing, the. count stood:,- Frost, : ninety-two;
Hawke, ninety; ; Swinger, fifteen; Patch,
thirteen.' ..Of : the* twenty-eight who voted
for Messrs!" Patch andTSwinger, It was
understood that ; Mr. Hawke would - take
thrte-fourths upon a breakaway. For this
reason - the t; Hawke captains labored and
moiled r with Messrs. 'Patch and Swinger to
withdraw and cast, those .twenty-eight
\u25a0votes-into^the general caldron.
':: On the touch of three,: and .while the
fourth roll-call was in progress, the first
of, Senator Hanway'a' prepared messages
were/ received and, signed for at the cau
cus door. Ten minutes later, arid some
thing like forty more were given entrance.
During the sixth roll-call : sixty messages
came in,- and a rickety little representa
tive.' with a beard , like a goat and terror
tugging at ; his 'heart, arose and changed
his : vote to Mr." Frost. . The rickety little
man had been | for Mr. Hawke, and ' this
sudden; turning of his „ coat ..' provoked a
tempest of cheers from the, Frosts arid
maledictions from . the Hawkes. A dozen
men .; of 'both factions crowded about' the
little rickety ; man;- some to hold , him • for
Mr. Frosti and otherd tbdrag him back to
Mr. "Hawke. The rickety ; little man was
well-nigh torn ins. two. Kingdoms "and
\ thrones 'were being: gambled for and the
'players i i we're ; in earnest." \u25a0
height 'of 'tlic ' uproar .over the
rickety; little man; two * more of the flock
of ''Hawke; arose/, and v.'lth faltering- lip
stated/ that;; by the.demands of'constitu
ents • whom they were there • to represent
and vwhose : wl«hes~they|dared not disre
gard.'thoy would; also. change thclr«votea
to- Mr.' . Frost. \Th©; cheers ;of the Frosts
arid 7 the ; curses "of : the •; Ha wkc3.;were' re
doubled;^ but v ; the - Frosts 4 drowned the
HawkesHsijice It - Is ? one '; of • the \ admirable
arrangementsl of "that men
caiv, cheery loutfer than they can curse./
'. And vnow^a" bevy "of j full, one hundred "of
rHariway 'messages came through t the dobri
;TheCstampede ' which started ' with" the
rickety." coat-bearded little man, to in
clude the duo chronicled, upon. a seventh
roll call swept -five ; more Hawkes from
their*percheg arid gave . them over to Mr.
Frost. More messages. . more changes;
and. all .to' finish 1 In a pandemonium in
, which Messrs. Patch and Swinger " were
.withdrawn, and | Mr. Frost was landed
; Speaker by the meager fringe of three.
Speaker Frost It was; and every one con
ceded that a staggering blow had been
dealt the Presidential hopes of Governor
Obstinate, jj Senator Hanway, waiting at
the Senate end for news, sighed victori
ously when word was brousht him. It
would be Speaker Frost; and now, with
House and Senate his, he for the first
time felt himself within sure and striking
distance of a White \u25a0 House. :
CHAPTER VI.
Ho-w Storri Hod a' Vivid Imagination.
Storri had no more, of moral nature
than haSa tiger, or a kite. He was found
ed upon, no Integrity, would keep faith
with no one* save himself. Storri was not
a moral -lunatic, jf or that would suppose
some original morality and its subversion
to insane alms; rather he was the moral
idiot. At that, his imbecility paused with
his : morals;- in what a world calls busi
ness he was notably, bright and forward.
Storri was. of education, had traveled
.wide and 1 far, as ones of hia predatory
stariip are prone to , do, and with a Rus
sian, facility for tongues spoke English,
German, French, and half the languages
of Europe. , i The instinctive "purpose of
Storri's existence was to make money.
To him money "was a prey and stood as
do deer to wolves: and yet, making a fine
distinction, \ he was rapacious, not avari
cious. . -Avarice includes some idea of a
, storckoeping- commerce that amasses by
\u25a0buying. for : Sl" and selling- for, |2. Stoni
! would have failed at that. He waa.rapa
; clous as fhe pirate Is rapacious, and v/Hh
\u25a0a.gambler's love for*, the, uncertain, he
balked at anything; wbereo* the ; possible
profits were cut and "dried. .lie wanted to
"win." but "ho 1 was * willing/to lose If he
must; and above all he distrusted the
notion of a* limit.- ; Like^every wild thing
Storri -shied at^ a fence and loved the
While ..Storri- knew nothing
of honesty; he preferred; his s gold on legit
imate lines. This "leaning toward the
lawful came not from any bias of probity;
Storri simply wanted to be safe, having
avhoVror.;of?chains;;and t bolts and cages
and striped garments. ' /
When Storrl arrived in Washington h«
came from Canada by way of New York.
The : year before he had been in Paria.
and was something— not for long— of a
figure on the Bourse. He had been in
every capital of Asia and Europe, and all
the while his restless eye sleepless in its
search for money .'
: Gifted with an imagination. Storri
evolved a scheme. Starting in moder
ation, it grew with his wanderings
'until, link upon link, it became endless
and belted the earth. Storri's Imagin
ation was like a .tar barrel; accident
migLt &et fire to it, but once in thea*.
least of flame it must burn on and on.£^
Tvith.; no power of self -extinguishment. #„ - f l
until it burned itself out. Or it was
like him who. given a. halter, straight
way takes a horse.
It Is the theory of Europe that Amer
icans" are maniacs of money. European
conservatism draws a money-line be
yond which it will not pass. Whea any
man of Europe has a proposal of busi
ness too bis for the European mouth
wearing its self-imposed half-muzzle of
conservatism— that promoter and his pro
posal head for America. It was this which
gained Washington {he advantage of a
visit from Storri; bis stop in Canada
being a six months' stay ia Ottawa— was
only preliminary to his coming nere.
H-hlle his own people of Russia drew
back from those enterprises which Storri a .
agile imagination had in train, the Gov
ernment at St. Petersburg m what was
perhaps a natural hope that he might
find Americans more rackless. endowed
him as he came away with a guarded pat
on the back. The St. Petersburg Govern
ment advised its representatives In Amer
ica to introduce without indorsing Storrff
Storri was by no means wise after the
mnnnT of a Franklin or a Humboldt or a
Herscbel: but he did possess the deep
sacioncy of the serpent: or the fox. :He
owned inborn traits to steal and creep
upon his prey oi money. . Being in Wash
ington and looking up and down, hewas
quick to note the strategic propriety of
an alliance with Mr. llarley. Mr. Harley
had connections with "American - million
aires; mestof all. he was the alter \u25a0 ego
of a powerful Congressional figure. Storrt
could talk with Mr.; Harley; Mr. Harley^.
could tall: with Senator Hanway. ' Sincsr
Congre-3 would be required for the suc
cess of Storrl's plans, this last was to be
of prime importance.
(Continued next Sunday.)WHAT THE CHRISTMAS
SHOPPER DOES TO
THE SHOP GIRL
HELEN DARE
t . H. yes,* says the brown-eyed
I j £ 4 rl in the crockery depart-
V 7 ment. "Oh. dear, yes; men
come in looking for Christmas
presents. Eut they don't SHOP.
THET come in to BUY!"
Thus the po!nt that might be a mooted
prjoint is settled at once and forever:
The Christmas shopper is of the eternal
feminine.
Of the forty shop girls, m&re or less,
who. let me say en passant, call them
eelves "saleswomen" with fitting good
stxse, that I interview for the Christmas
«hoj>pers' Iniquities— and her virtues, if
any— every one unhesitatingly designates
the Christmas shopper as "she."
And yet the very first thing I discover,
that in truth I cannot sidestep any, more
than you can escape a rocking-chair in
the dark when you come in quietly and
discreetly after the last car, and some
one has moved the matches— the very
first iniquity I bump into is a masculine
Iniquity. *
The man shopper, as a class, at Christ
mas time does not exist. He is sporadic
and incidental, as intermittent as the rai
sins In a sailor's plum duff, and, as a
matter of fact. Is not deserving of the
title of shopper at all.
When he cannot cajole or bribe or bully
some amiably disposed woman friend or
relative into doing his Christmas shop
ping for him, and at last has to make
the venture for himself or take to the
* -woods, his bed or his club during the
"colly holidays, what does he do, sly dog?.
Will it do to tell. I wonder?
Should a secret like that be kept during
this season of good cheer— and peace on
earth?
Will it raise ructions in otherwise hap
py families to let the cat out of the bag?
I share, while 1 have it, the delicious
aniicij>atcry sensations of the small boy
with a match* in one hand— an as yet
unllghled match— and a can of powder In
the other.
"PcchV so goes the reasoning of the
nnaU bey reckless cf consequences, "why
not?"
And. affer all. 'it is the brown-eyed girl
in the crockery department who gives
••U-fac!» T j. man comes in to buy a
Christinas; present, *' she says, "he has
only a notion "of what he wants— and we
do the ri'st. Perhaps he comes in for
a dinner set to give to his wife, and he
hasn't the slightest idea of what kind.
Sometimes his wife has been clever
enough to helD him out, so he tells the
saleswoman he wants a dinner set. and
that his wife likes dainty decoration, or
prefers blue in color or green, or what
ever it is. Then she finds out how much
money he is willing to spend and picks
out something for him.
"Perhaps he hasn't even a notion of
what he wants except that It is some
thing In china: then the saleswoman has
to find out not only how much money he
< wants to spend but what kind of a per
son the gift Is for, whether she is young
or old, a housewife or a woman without
a household. She suggests something for
the table or the bureau, or perhaps a
lamp or an ornament; then, that being
decided, the class of article fixed upon,
phe finds the article itself and sells it to
him."
"And so "
The brown eyes of the girl in the
crockery department sparkle with fun.
"And so," she agrees, "the saleswomen
really pick out most of the Christmas
presents that men give."
Casual observation shows me that the
girl In* the crockery department is right.
I linger a moment at the neckwear
counter because a big, unhappy man Is
there.
"I want," says he, miserably and
doubtfully, throwing himself upon the
mercies of a friendly looking- girl, "I
\u25a0want some of tthosee — cr — ah — Oh, you
know — those cat smeller things .you'
women wear on your necks."
"Oh, yes; pussy whiskers," interprets
the friendly girl with fine composure, un
covering a box of them. "Here they are.
What color? How many?"
He shakes his head, speechlessly.
She extracts from him, almost pain
lessly, Important facts as to complexion,
Vge, etc.. and selects his trifling present
•accordingly.
So, too. does the tactful young wo
man who handles fluffy tea gowns. A
young: man affecting much more ease
than he feels asks airily for a tea-;
gown, just "a teagown," and his taste
Inclines to red because the brunette
young woman displaying it from her
shoulders is resplendent in one of
•!iat color. But she ?3ves him. and
the feelings of the blonde somebody
who will wear it, by judicious investi
gation and suggestion.
Thus, you, see. the beautiful some
thing or other that arrives on the
mprnlns of December 25 "for Mary,
with love and a merrx Christmas,
from John." is not dear John's thought
ful selection at all. at all. but the
choice of another woman — Oh! porish
Now I' wish I hadn't let the cat out
Still the man who does his own
buying is a mere incident in the
Christinas chopping — a bobbing cork on
the tidal wave that sweeps the Christ
mas bargain counter. 41 , and we -will not
i oncorn ourselves v.-tth him.
Let him stay safely out of the Lat
tlfc for bargains — merely, earning the
fAj-vs of war. lucky fellow.
•rfcristmris shopping has grown to be
2. tremendous event.
Do you know that in the down
town stores — in only the larger stores
of the city — there are more than 10,000
people employed in selling' and deliver
ing: things to the Christmas shoppers. \u25a0
Are you doubtful?
Then take a peep, at the figures..
In the Emporium alone there are
1600 salesmen and ... jrlrls, wrappers,
shippers, drivers, etc.
Hale Brothers have a force of about '
1000. ; •'\u25a0' '.-'.:\u25ba--/;' ii>^*^
Praeger's are keeping 1200 busy" all
day and half the night during the
weeks before Christmas... "#V^
Over 600 are selling things at the
White House.
With these figures in' your- mind do
a little computing on your own ac-\ .
count as you walk the blocks of hand
some shop fronts en our business \u25a0
. streets.
For their Christmas trade Praeger's
take on about 500 or 600 new em
ployes, the White House an extra 250
or SOO, the Emporium 600 to 700.
•Christmas Bhopping has its strenu-
osity, your wife or your sister, your
mother or your daughter, tells you
when she comes horne — late for dinner
— with her hat and her temper awry.
Christmas shopping, telephones the
only girl in the world, makes it quite
impossible for her to be at home to
you to-night, as usual. "Such nerves,"
and, "Oh, such a splitting headache!'
and she is going to bed Immediately
after dinner, so she may get an. early
start for another's day's raid on the
counters and shelves to-morrow.
If the woman who does the buying
for one finds it arduous, how does the
woman who sells to the many find It?
What does Christmas shopping and
the Christmas shopper do to the shop
girl?
"Oh!" says the girl at the ribbon
counter, around which a perfect mael
strom of Christmas shoppers seethes
and eddies, for what would Christmas
be without Christmas ribbons?
"Oh-h-h! I couldn't begin to tellyou.
"There's the woman who is making
her presents for Christmas — opera bags,
handkerchief cases, coat hangers and
things, and who isn't shopping to buy,
but jnst to get ideas. She looks at
everything In stock and asks for more.
She turns and twists and measures the
things and asks questions — and she's so
much more artful than she needs to be,
for we have no objections at all to tell
ing how our things In stock are made.
She takes up a lot of time — "
- "And patience?" ' •
The girl at the ribboncounter smiles,
diplomatically.
"And then, when she finally decides
to make a purchase of some* of the ma
terial', she asks, 'How much ' does it
take to make this bow?' "Five yards,'
1 tell her. 'FIVE yards!' she shrieks,
\u25a0Ha! ha! Five yards! I'll take TWO
yards.' Of course she doesn't SAY I
lie, but as it really' iloes take flve : yards
I get some satisfaction out- of it."
"You get even?"
•Well, she comes back in a few days
to match the ribbon, and .there Isn't
any more. There, really isn't, for wo
wouldn't hold it out on her. Oh,.' no;"
we're here to sell our stock, riot to hold
malice.
"There's the . woman . who comes to
match things to "a shade. Sometimes
she doesn't bring her samples, and she
isn't sure which kind of ribbon it is.
and after she's seen everything, she
thinks she'll wait until she" brings
the sample."
"There's the woman who buys on a
transfer and has her "purchases sent
home C. O. D. and will not receive
them, they have to be brought back.
"There's the woman who: has an;ac
count and lias things sent home,- and
after she lias examined. them and copied
them, and kept- them several-, days,
sends them back because she "has
'changed her" mind.'
"There's the woman . who ; looks at
twenty-seven kinds of pink baby rib
bon, pricing it by the" bolt, -and 'then
buys six cents' worth of the blue. Yes,
she really exists; that's no exaggera
tion.
"There's the confidential woman who
tells you till about what she is making
for her husband and -sons and daugh
ters, and asks you "how you think
they'll like their presents, you
think they'd rather have red and green
or blue and purple,' and, of, course, you
have to say something, . for; a saleswo
man's first duty is to be pleasant.
"There's .the ..woman \u25a0 .who ' reaches
over your customer's shoulder, 'tilts'- her
hat, musses her hair and- grabs the. ar
ticle you. are; showing \u25a0 her out: of your
hand, or, worse still, out of the cus
tomer's. It's strange. how many of her
there are in the world. \u2666
"There's the woman who gets 'angry
at yCfU for not:havinglwhat' she wants.
"There's the .woman who comes up
to you while you're selling something
to some one else and wants to know
where, well, say, the art department
is. You tell her. 'What!' she; says,
'That isn't where; it was the last time
I was here.. Second floor!: Have they,
silkoline there?' Because if they haveri't
I don't wantto go up.' /'There are about,
100.000.0f her. I think, and she belongs
to the floorwalker's troubles, but' wo'
can't tell her that." ;
One happy Chrlstmastide in; Chicago
a floorwalker near one of- the <en-'.
trances in a'big department store went
mad from ' answering;. Christmas .shop
pers', questions.;' in-: his padded -'cell he
gibbered answers: "The notion counter
injthe rear"; :"silverware on the left.;
"glove counter . on ', the ".; right, ;' madam" i
"umbrellas upstairs," i etci' ...etc., and
THE •;.- SAN. FRANCISCO :\u25a0 SUNDAY CALII
having run the gamut would burst out
into curses and begin all over again.
I teil a girl at a counter near, the
entrance the story as a remarkable oc
currence.
' "It's a wonder," she says, apothettcally,
"that it doesn't happen oftener. I
dream oil night that I'm answering
questions."
"His foot,'' says' a plain, kindly, old
soul in a shawl and, bonnet, "is about
like yours— lie has a bunion, too." '
.s'lt is in the shoe department.' and she
is looking at holiday slippers, thin and
cheap, but shiny. "Now if you would
try one on I could tell if they'd fit him
— me not knowln' the size."-V ; - ':
The shoe man compromises by meas
uring sole, to sole on his -foot; 'but : the
shoe man, not- being a shop girl, is,
perhaps, 'another story.
"Books," says the cleverest and the
prettiest girl in the. book department,
"are such popular Christmas presents
that we have thirty-five extra saleswo
men in this department alone for the
Christmas rush."
"And; l don't know which are funni
est." she whispers, " the new salespeo
ple or the buyers."
I'm sure I don't know, either, for over,
my shoulder a lean-faced, anxious
woman is trying to' buy, '.'The Aristocrat
of the Breakfast Table," and at my
elbow 'a round-eyed "extra" girl is
earnestly urging Amiel's Journal as "a
tine- boys', i book."
;'\u25a0 "Fiction," says the girl in tiie book
department, "is what we soil most of,
and most of our customers don't know
v.-hiit they want— unless, *of course,
they come ; f or ; some special book. .When
it is ; a gift- we usually suggest some
thing. "Many of the customers • know
nothing ;'\u25a0 about ;' books. , They 'are not
reading people and they: are buying
for ; Bdme.*'one -they think is fond : of
reading. With* them , we ask whether
the ; book ; is -for a man or; a woman; ; a
boy or a "girl.'and try to find oil t some
thing- of the person's tastes'uriirinteT
esta-^-then Svb ; try . to/pick. out'- some
thing that will, suit. . .
"Oh, ybul needn't laugh.'" she flashes
swiftly, "we' can ; select more J suitable
books nine. times out of ten than the
people who , are buying. . '
''Many/ of the 'Christmas books* are
bought by the cover and the price-^-a
WIIE.V THE CHRISTMAS RUSH IS OV IX A DEPAKTMEXT STORE.
pretty binding and a low price very'
of ten decide the sale/
"Yes, madam," she interrupts her
s=elf, leaving me. "we have a fresh copy
in the white binding, and we will ex
change At for the soiled one.'! .
"Certainly." clinching a sale to an
other customer, ."we will exchange this
book if it doesn't suit — that Is if it
comes back in good condition. Right
after Christmas, yes, madam."
"That's the work that keeps us" busi
est,"- she tells me, "changing the books
that are given as presents for those
.that are wanted; but we make It a rule
now r to exchange only for books. So'
many people will read a book and then'
bring it back to exchange for some
thing in another department."
.Poor twisted human nature, what
queer little tricks it plays!
"If it isn't pure— if it makes my baby
'.sick, as, it did once before, I'll bring it
back: I'll hold you. responsible!". bullies
the tlnieit scrap of a, woman.
"Ali our goods-r — ," begins the girl at
the candy. counter. .',' ..
"Oh, yes, I knoV, but just remember
what I, say," and she planks down her
quarter. . ' •
'•Will this candy keep fresh till
Christmas?" - asks . another between
sample bites." -
"I-don't know, madam," ventures. the
girl to ' madam, who ought to ; know for
herself, being by • all outward signs a"
veteran; housewife,; "but we can. take 4
your order and send it to you fresh." \
'-"No, I ' wnnt to take it; with me. It,
would havo to go by train and by stage,,
and 'the expreHsage would be— ," the
details. that avail nothing dribbling on.
"Is that all you* give for. a pound,"
snorts an Indignant lady from the
counter's end. L". Well," if ; that's "the.
case I'll take my money and. so; else-",
where,", and the i candy, girl wearily
pours the scoopf ul back?
r-Therer -There are 250 different 'kinds of dolls to
be had at Christmas: time— even more,
and' they, range from one cent to 523 in
priceY-yet. so'the girl;at the doll counter
tells me, every woman' who . is shopping
for dolls,- arid' there are from fifty to five
hundred of her for each shop girl in that,
department, comes up to the counter ami
•asks' ror 1 "a doll.".-- ; - .: : / , \u25a0
In her . secret- heart.' so say? the girl
at the doll counter, who knows whereof
she ; speaks, every:- one *of those women
'knows, at least, in > a : general .way, ', what
kind -of : a i'doll' she wants and' how much
she; means' , to 's pay .for* it. BBuyt y will she
tell? ; No, indeed ! ; :
She will examine $5 dolls and $10 dolls
ami 520 dolls with' carefulest attention,
and twitter over two-cent and two-bit
dolls, and after she's looked over dolls,
dressed' and- undressed, blonde and bru
nette.i wax, china, bisque and rag, she
will blandly say:
"I. think I'll take a 50-cent doll.**
Or else she'll sniff contemptuously and
turn away with "I saw ever so much finer
ones at .—- — 's, with real hair, for- 33
cents. I guess I'll go back-there."
Of course, the , girl at the . doll counter
doesn't fall ..upon her and smite her. She
doesn't'- snatch up despised " dolly, anfl
smash the new'winter hat in,' but— :
Would youblame her if she did? Now —
would ;you? . ; .
.Especially if the sniffy lady were the
two hundred and, forty-ninth of the day?
'.'Do you think," asks the doll shopper,
being a. fond .mamma, ''do you really
think my little girl, would like this blonde
doll-better than the brown-eyed one? You
know, sfhe has brown eyes herself."
/The \u25a0 girl -at -the X: doll counter doesn't
know, and this being the ; one hundred
and- seventy-sixth \u25a0 time' since > 8:30 -a." m.
that "her. opinion has been called for,
really "doesn't;' care,' but she says sweetly,
if, somewhat limply:
' "Why. : the^- brown-eyed one, If she has
brown .t-yes." S -
'*.Ye-e?. .m-m-ura;. That's so, \u25a0 but— well,
I guess 111 take the. blonde dt)ll, just for
ihe .' contrast/' " - \u25a0 \u25a0
The real orgy, of the Christmas shopper,
after she gets away from the ribbon, the
china,' the; jewelry, the neckwear and the
bric-a-brac departments; Is in the toy de
partment and among thtr Christmas tree
ornaments.- Tired, imi>atleVit, panicky
over ; a depleted purse, she reaches a state
in which she doesn't care whether ' her
hat "Is on straight- or not -so long as the
thing she wants ' is in : sight . and she can
point it out over the] shoulder of the shop
per in- front of her. ' '\u25a0','\u25a0
-! It , Is in the /toy \u25a0 department that she
makes conditions and lays down the law
about delivering .things.; She buys Tom
my's coaster and Nellie's doll carriage ten
days before Christmas and says to the
shop \u25a0: girl, ,'so ; tha 'shop]: girl „ says to me:
"Now,;besure not: to send, it to-morrow.
Send it the day. before Christmas— just'
about dark. What . you won't send it "the
day before Christmas! Why not. I'd; like
.to,know? ri6h..yes:.*l'dr i6h..yes:.*I'd forgotten that it
comes oh Sundajv.this year. Well, then,
send -.it ; Saturday, the 20d." and not until
dark— so ' Tommylwon't see it -coming in.
And— now, promise \u25a0me you'll tell the
driver yourself— have him bring it around
the back way. If he doesn't those chil
dren will just be. sure to see him, bring
ing it in, they're so smart, and then— "
' The shop -girl- promises, of course; and
then she does the best she can. She has
Tommy's coaster or Nellie' 9 doll carriage
put away in the room where such things
are held to await the day of delivery, and
Tommy and Nellie lie In wait and catch
the man carrying It in, and mamma tele
phones her indignation, unless, perchance,
the. line is busy carrying In some other
fond mamma's protests.
These are ; Just a few of the things
that the Christmas 'shopper does to the
shop girl' thoughtlessly.
One of the things she does for her is
occasion her employment. It Is because
of the Christmas shopper, and perhaps
became of her heedlessness and exac
tions, that, the several thousand "extra"
girls find employment during the Christ
\u25a0 mas shopping weeks, so that they In turn
may, become Christmas shoppers.
How, I ask the girl _at the' ribbon
counter, can a woman do her . Christmas
..-hopping with, the least wear and tear
on herself ami the shop girl? And her*
is what she says:
HOW TO MAKE SHOPPING EAST.
; Mnkr out a • H*t »t h« articles you
want" to buy.
' Srt riovrn >he price* yon are Trillin*
to pay— yoar' money limit."
: Cd up farly la tbe mornlnff. .
('ft your- breakfast before leaving
l^oiuc. - - '
Get to the More a» near S:3O a* pow
- «!htr. 'rbea there are no crowds, the
»ale»»Toniea are not tlre«l, the Ktoclt I*
"In .ortlrr. :
lie »ure . you are feellnz -well. If
yoii arc not don't '"hop that day.
Start out In a good hnmorj you will
have trouble roousb before the day 1»
over.
. -Vln-n you crt to a department ask
for* rvlint you want; don't examine
• everything tUerv »nd eoufu.-«e yoar^elf.
Ilon't teil *be KalftiToaiac your trou 7
bles.-Slie «»o€-*u't tell you Sers.
iirt n- transfer rrhen yon besln.your
...hoiipJnjT. ncd '\' : r.*? It until yon finish.
It will . wvp i'tje time end trouble or .
waiting (or.i'taatf. mnSilaj: out illi»*.
' KlvKjK.:a«*dre>».<*.i and Traltlas for i>«r
. eel«». -
Itentrmber, If yon doa't .do your
; Mhopp'ns at *1O p. .m. the .lalesnonifn
, nill 'not haVeJo ;be on duty to wait on
you at that .hour.THE MESSAGE OF CHRISTMAS
- . ry* ND there were in the same country snepnerus
f\ abidin S in the -field, keeping watch over tholr
r— j flock by night. And 10. the angel of the Lord
>• j caaie upon them, and the glory of the Lord
•* shone round about them; and they were sore
afraid. And the angel said, unto them, 'Fear not; for, be-,
hold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which, shall
he to all people. For unto you is born this day in the
city of David a Savior, which is Christ the Lord. And this
shall be a sign unto you; ye snail find the babe wrapped
in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger.' And suddenly
there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host,
liiiiiaing God, and saying, 'Glory to God in the highest, and
on earth peace, good will toward men.' " f Luke -.11:8-14-)
Beautiful legend from out of the past of long, long
ago! How oft it has been told: how many times repeated
by mother lips to the children at the knee; In tht; flies
glow of the family hearth how often it has been the,
inspiring theme that has quickened young hearts to a
new devotion; what willing martyrs hav*j died in Ifce
arena; and, on the other hand, wnat controversies h*ve
arisen, what deeds hay© : been , perpetrated, what tragic
wars have been ruthlessly vaged irt the name of this
same "Prince of Peace.'' " *
I have called this a legend— how far is it a legend?
Was he born on the day we celebrate? Probably at quite
a different season of the year. Was he -born In Bethlehem
of Judea? Probably not. posstMy at a Bethlehem in
Galilee, near Nazareth. Dio angels announce his birth
to the shepherds in the fields': Certainly not. Nor was
there a "heavenly nost prulalnj? God." Was he withaut
a human fai-her — the child or Mary by the Holy Ghost?
Xo, he was the natural son of Josepli and Mary — only later
times played tricks with his biography. .
Was his life a career of astonishing miracles? Not
miracles in the usual sense of tlie word, but perhaps many
manifestations of unusual psychic oower — a power that
did not differentiate him from other men. And yet, the
anniversary of his birth is sacred to us.
Ought I to say. "And yet it Is sacred to us." as though
I would suggest that when we have found hi.m a man
the anniversary of his birth might be less sacred? Not
so. It Is more sacred, infinitely more sacred than though
in somo mystical way he had been other than man.
I wish we could so back to that cradle in Palestine
and rescue that babe from the- toils- of human mistrust
of human nature; could see him grow to manhood among
the hills of Galilee: could watch the unfolding of a mind
precious and esthetic; could discern the impressionable
temperament molded by "the life and- thought of his peo
ple; could study him as he -drank.: in from field, forest
and flower the message: of_..natu.re:- could -go v.'ith .'him to
the carpenter's bench \u25a0'and -watch ' him as , he plied his
tools; could sit by him \u25a0 : as- : he ; memorized his • Hebrew
scriptures; could- behold \u25a0:. the ; swjepln_ess of 'his filial de
votion; could meditate .with him as, communing with the
Inner self, he, discovered' the deepest laws of the deepest
life; could stand among the first group of interested listen
ers; could herald the news of the young sage and philos
opher who had studied life in the light of the passions,
aspirations and amictions of the human heart, and, there
fore, had a message vital and practical.
Could we thus go back we should find .a Galilean
peasant — simple, modest, unassuming, retrospective yet
observant, intense in his # zeal, a lover of men, broad in
his sympathies, profound in' his knowledge ot life; devoted
to the highest moral and spiritual. welfare of his nation,
one who knew no land but his own. was hot versed in
the sciences or arts of the day. was not a student of
literature — a "simple man. but one with a great purpose.
I said the anniversary of his birth is sacred to vs —
it Is sacred — rrfade so by. the life which was motived 1 by a
great purpose — the greatest purpose possible— the "service
of men. Benjamin Franklin prayed ekch. ptarning that
ho might be privileged to render unto God the only service
possible for the many benefits • bestowed upon~him; he
prayed that he might be of use to. his, fellow men.
Emerson said, "Make yourself : .necessary to the
world and mankind will give you your bread." Mrs.
Humphry Ward baa said. "Teach our young men how
to adore and suffer for a great idea." .. . .. , •
Jesus discovered the key to human happiness. He
found his chlefest joy In the service' of men;- he made
himself necessary to the world by his inspiring ' words
and worthy example and . concerned not himself about
(Copyright, 1905, by Joseph B. Bowles.). ' :
a a j~y HALL. I join a club?" ..,'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \. "'..',
V^X Tl;Is question comes to nearly every woman In
*Tj these days, sooner or later. She may even be
K-^ called upon to organize a club herself. Before
she can settle the matter she . should consider
something of tnc origin' and meaning of the club move
ment. Every such widespread Impulse has. its deep causes.
One of these in this case- was-.the. constant increase of
pressure upon good men. -The -number of < those who are
able, honest and industrious: is. small — yet upon, them de
volves the main burden of : the world's affairs.
It is plain that our educated men arefar too busy. It is
the commonest of complaints among middle-aged women
that their husbands are so tired .when- they come home at
right that they are unwilling and. unfit to; attend evening
receptions or gatherings of any]klnd/ . , : ' .
And not only "society," so called, has to get along with
WHY SHOUL WOMEN BELOG TO CLUBS
his bread: he had a great idea and willingly suffered
for it. -"
What • grander motive can there be in life than to
feel impelled to express- to men a 'message' of sweetness,
love and simplicity such as ravished the soul of the man
of Galilee? No ambition to achieve the things that pass
with the lapse of days can compare with this motive.
And it was because he. had caught the vision' of the in
ner soul In its entrancing beauty that he dared to speak
with a conviction whose authority astonished his hear
ers and whose intensity convinced many.
Jesus was an inspirer of men and this is the great
est of services to men.
If we can but feel that all in life has a purpose: if
we can but lighten the monotony by glorifying the task;
if v/e can but find beauty everywhere and the good ..In
all things; if -we can but love our enemies and do good
to those who persecute us— we shall have discovered a
sublimity In life such as we have not hitherto permitted
ourselves to perceive. «
The anniversary of his birth"Js because he
lived, thought, died in such a way as to make these
things real. . ' i " \u25a0 \u25a0
Christmas is surrounded with a halo of sentiment.
He who wants to be matter of fact let him be, but the'
human heart is iyiturally sentimental.
About two years ago one of our dailies published an
article by some eminent professor in which cuts repre-
little help from the busy lawyers, doctors and business
men, but the administration of the great private charities,
many minor, municipal duties, mos^of the training of the
children, and the entire conduct of the household, have"
been turned over to the women. Possibly there should be .
Included. in this list the whole religious polity of tho com
munity—since even church: officers confess that they de
pend upon their wives to tell them what ought to be done
In church matters. \u25a0 - . . \u25a0 .-.
In response to, this great demand women's clubs began
to spring up about thirty, years ago. The first to organize ..
and. declare themselves -were in New York, Boston. Phila
delphia andjChifcago." where the work of women was most
urgently; needed, .and/ where they found it most essential
,to # meet together; for, mutual' help. *
jS The social -demand came first. Visiting' and receiving
becamealmost wholly the concern of women:. The thought- :
ful among; them felt deeply; the low mental level ; of Uhe \u25a0 ;
THE- SAN FRANCISCO-SUNDAY::- CALL;
REV. C. CALVERT SMOOT
•TV - «--
Rzv.C.
<^moot\
sented what man would De when he should not have to
consume food In the ordinary way. but would immerse
himself In a bath of liquid food and absorb his nour
ishment. The -most striking feature of this man was
that he was mostly head. -
'Yes, we are head, brain, intellect, but the time will
conversation during "calls" and at teasand sewing meet-
Ings. ..Chatter about servants, symptoms and clothes failed
to satisfy.. From the, whole body of; earnest women during
those early "years* there seemed, to |issue -an unspoken : cry
for; higher topics for thought and for talk— and for somo
form of gathering where such themes must come to the
'front.'...- '. ; : .\u25a0 . \u25a0 : " ".-.. " \u25a0''\u25a0'\u25a0 , . .'.'.:\u25a0 *'•\u25a0
/This was: one great inspiration of the club movement,
and is still one of . its most powerful
v" r "Oh, what: does 'it. amount to?" sneer, the cynical. "You
hear a half-baked " essay, on Matthew - Arnold and go homo :
and:' read', his poems and \ his mean old Impressions of
America or; his 'Literature; and "Dogma/ and a month later
you- forget ; most tof>what v you heard ;and read. . How; much
better/ is : all' this than 'baking tarts or turning sheets?"
Such remarks ttro actually/ mnde.
The only reply to 'be made is that while tarts and sheets
should receive t a proper \u25a0 share of every woman's. attention,
and : while ;one': cannot hopeto got a thorough., knowledge
of any author' from a* single" "half-baked" essay and a fuw
\u25a0
never come when man Is not heart, affection, sentiment
also, and Christmas appeals to the heart as the Xazarene
appealed to the heart.
How deep are the sentiments stirred In the* breast
of father and mother as they prepare for the Christmas
festivities! Is it not a good thing that the anniversary
of the birth of him who devoted himself so unreservedly
to tho welfare of his people should be celebrated by the
bestowal of sifts? . \u25a0 ;
Emerson has said, "All men love a lover." and who
can resist loving: the jovial face of the package, laden
father as lie wends his way amid the throng on Christ
mas' eve? - " - .
What more beautiful scene than is beheld in the
home when the tree has been decked and !aden and
stands ready for tho young eyes the next morning and
the hands of father and mother have finished their labor
of love and they look into, each other's eyes — and the
light of love Is there— the love that has ma^e the home?
And this is Christmas: Christmas, with its good
cheer, its gifts, its song and dance; Christmas, the de-
Hght of young hearts and the fond memory of gray
heads; Christmas, the time of sentiment and joy
Christmas, with its message of peace, good will and
fove— we have this Christmas because somewhere in
Palestine nineteen centuries ago a peasant child way
born to Joseph and Mary.
XK O hpl," f \u2666 r s CU ' JiUS: JCt a , lltUe thou^t on such a subject
Is better than none— and many women would not set even
that unless they belonged to a club.
_ It. Is the change from ordinary topics— the suggestion
.m ?S^- lm P«"onal*and elevating: thought, which Is one
chief clem-nt In the value of the woman's club. For a few
moments^ the weary, bewildered mother and housekeeper
n£S til , „ te ™ herc «n forget the problems of food, home
and school discipline,' clothing and the everlastins strain
after economy, in most well-ordered clubs the programmes
aro of a high order, but even -if the essays are feeble ana
the discussions more or less beside the point, at least you
win nave your own thought aroused and you will often
revert In your mind and conversation to the subjects which
liavu been brought up. If you enter into this matter "with
your might" you will grow clearer and clearer in your con
clusions and your judgment will rettm! and strengthen
»ou wilt bccjmo better able to decide the problems which
nristi In your daily life.THE year 1905 has been a phenomenal one "for the
State of California. The land of romance, associated
with the legends of the padres and the tales of the
days of '49. California has been looked upon as the
place of big trees, big mines, big ranches, big moun
tains, big stories. To the rest of the country she haa been.
In a way. the Ultima Thule. to be wondered at because of
the big things she had, but on account of her great dis
tance from the centers of population, to be only dreamed
of. but never, until very lately, seriously considered as a
place to which to emigrate. \u25a0_ 1 >' — • . . \u25a0 :
Bret Harte, with his wonderfully picturesque descriptive
powers, did much to implant in the minds of his millions
of eager readers the idea that California was made up of
"Poker flats" and that outside of a few of .our larger cities
the stage coach was our only means of communication.
The talcs of our great mines, our cloudless summers, our
big trees, our rather Questionable morals' and our" strange,
almost uncouth, manners and customs, all Jumbled together
in the public mind, did much to retard the advancement
of the State, did much to keep at home those who, had
they known the truth, would, long ago, have cast their lots
with us. - :. ." .
When once the popular mind imbibes an idea concern
ing any locality It requires much time and evidence to
change that idea. Many of our pioneers/ . for instance,
brought with them the notion Daniel Webster had. when,
balancing on his ; flnger tip a copper cent, he said that; all
of California was not worth so much as that. And, coming
here with that Idea, their only notion vvas.'to take \ a few
thousand dollars' worth of the gold they thought lay so
easy to the hand and then co back to civilization and their
homes. But our genial climate, fertile soil and the charm
that California has for all who spend a year within her
borders, quickly changed their notions of her worth- and
wealth. Coming to pay her but a short and mercenary
visit, enamored of her many charms, they could not tear
themselves away.
Fifty-six years ago they ' were those who prophesied
that California would, one day, be a great' State. But if
any one had then been brave enough to \u25a0 say that in 1905
there would be near 2,000,000 of people in the State; that
on the sand dunes by the Golden Gate there would be nigh
half a' million San FranciEcans; that at the Pueblo of Los
Angeles there would be a great city, of near 200,000 happy
and prosperous people; that our great valleys would be
dotted over with vine and fig tree, oranges and lemons;
that half a hundred thousand cars, such as no man then
had seep or dreamed of. would be required to take away
the products of our vineyards and our orchards; that our
mines would, at the end of half a century, be only partly
opened up; that our great forests would supply near half
our lan-I with lumber; that to us the frozen winters and
the pitiless summers of the East would drive their people
in great pilgrimages, untii, for well and sick, for old and
youns. for strong and weak, for poor and rich, our Cali
fornia's name would be the lodegtone to attract " them
hither; that the great Pacific, leading on to lands then
thought as too far away for any but the most adven
turous to achieve, would soon become the most; regarded
niarine highway of the world — had any prophet, half a cen
tury ago, .-been wise.^enough, or being wise enough; -had
been also brave enough, to- thus foresee and foretell the
near future, he would, indeed, have been looked « upon -.as
one who dreamed dreams that might, perchance', come true,
but only after many, many decennaries of California's"
statehood had been celebrated. " ;. t
Who then would have believed that, climbing up the
scarps of the Sierras there would be to-day a railway now
already nearlj r forty years of age? Who theh would have
credited a prophecy that the entire -750 north and south
miles of our State would echo to the clank of passing
trains? And he who then would have said that four great
transcontinental railway lines could not now easily trans
port our traffic, our visitors and ourselves, would.- no doubt,
have been regarded as a fit subject for restraint. ;
What haa California to be thankful for" at the end of
thia year of our Lord 1905? Let him who asks the ques
tion look about him. Let hlmregard the fast spreading
of our Irrigated acres. Let him look at the mammoth
ateamshlps coming and going from our ports, each capable
of carrying what a fleet a half -century ago could not ac
commodate, and atill not capable of taking all we. have to
offer them. Let him liaten to the locomotives, wheezing
under their too heavy loads. L«t him cast his eyes upon
BY lAN MACLABEN.
(Author of "Beside the Bonnie Brier Bush." etc.)
r>* S It aeemed my happy fortune to be much engaged |
71 in marrying, especially at the holiday season of
LA the working people, the registrar of the district
CH felt It hla duty to give me a word in season.
1 Recognizing me aa a general practitioner with an
Increasing circle, he warned me of a certain danger into
which I might fall together with my patients, and the
consequences of which were serious. He Informed m«
that among a certain dasa of • working people bigamy
waa by no meana uncommon and that, sometimes both
men and women, but especially the men. put a somewhat
broad and *«neroua Interpretation on the marriage con
traot and he even hinted that within a time little ex
ceeding: a year the same man would get married twice.
It Was auggested that a minister had better keep a
watchful eye and in event of a bridegroom appearing
twice before him within a short period inquire into the
circumstances. And the ' registrar reinforced my pon-;
science by reminding me that the penalty for administer
lending himself to the violation of law was transporta- ,
tion or aomething equivalent to that ancient puniahment.
Greatly quickened, partly by my seal for; morality, partly
by a reasonable fear of coneeauences, I: determined to
watch with the eye of a detective very couple that; came
Into my room bent on marriage and to deal firmly : with
any miscreants I could discover. k #
The Preliminaries. .r , ; .. .
They came Into the room with emphaala^-four people,^
aa usual the two lovers and the two witnesses^— and the
manner of the men and their strength suggested workera
In iron. After a salutation guarded on my^part, for that
registrar had saturated my mind with suspicion, and
somewhat aggressive on their part, which - ; was a shield
wherewith to protect an unusual situation, they sat down
In a row near the door, while I sat downlatthe table with
the light behind me and falling on their; faces— which la
the proper arrangement in a study' where you have to
«ilze people up and come to conclusions suddenly.
"Those are your papers? Well, let me see that they
are all richt. You are James McKittrick?"
The bridegroom indicated that' he was wlth^ some
spirit, and with the air of one; who waa entering on a;,
cornedv — while already it appeared ihat he was regarded
as a facetious as well as a determined person. by; the group.
"And you are Euphemla Lumsden?" I. continued .with >,
a note of firmness, as I knew from experience that" It was
necessary to check the humor of . bridegrooms 7 and; their;
friends from the beginning. Euphemla". gave me. to 'under-; .-
Ftar.d that she was the person mentioned and the_bride-;
groom exhorted her to speak up and not to be afraid
of the minister, who. he explained to her and the com- •
CALIFORNIA 1905 CHRISTAMS
GOVERNOR GEA C. PASERR
INTERRUPTIONS OF A GENIAL BRIDEGROOM
r,ov™o>p r.FOpr.F m pspdf[?
:. t .'-\u25a0.. \u25a0 i' - \u25a0 \u25a0 ..... -. . -. . • .
the well-dressed, prosperous, happy. and contented people
who throng our. cities' streets and traverse -our -highways.-
Let him see the glint of new-made roofs, which, .each
niarkingca new family's hearthstone, dot the length and
breadth ol California's empire. Let him. ..listen ..to _; the
miner's tale of increased wealth; the farmer's story of
pany generally, was "a' 'popular hand" and "skilly at
marrying." He also added that the blushing bride was
usually called Phemle, and stated his opinion that ho had
never seen her looking better. .
A Suspicion.
\ f As this line of conversation was threatening to Involve
the whole company in a conflagration I commanded silence
— still playing the magistrate— and began to read 'over
the papers, and I did so to compare the details before
me with the appearance of the people. For sometime I
had been haunted with the idea that I had seen the
bridegroom before, for his face was one you did: not
readily forget, and with every minute this Idea was
deepening into conviction. His broad chest, hia strong
legs and arms, his bold looks, his forward manner, his
air of good humor, his general suggestion of , gay reck
lessness ; corresponded with some photograph of: the past
that I was carrying.; in my. memory. Could it be that
this was one of thoserDqn Juans In -humble life against
whom I ; had been warned? One could see that he '/\u25a0 was
not a man to trifle with, but rather one who.' must be
kept In his own place and who would be quick to resent
an Insult. . \u25a0 \u25a0 -'\u25a0 '•' -.'-J. •\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0"' -' ' \u25a0 : :' i - '\u25a0
"James MoKlttrlck." I aaid alowly, looking "at . him all
the time as if I were -meditating and . recalling aomethlnff
from the past "McKittrick.". . ; . ( ;
' "That is my name,"- he replied briskly,, "same as
my father, but," and now he nodded graciously to me;
"if . It waa any satisfaction ye might Just call Jm© 'fighting
Mac,' "but I fancied:, that I detected some bravado; as; If
James was not quite . ao much .at hla . ease .\u25a0 as he .wished
me to believe. . - : :. . •
. \u25a0 "Your baptismal name." I .Bald speaking carefully.
Vis quite sufficient for any legal, purpose, James McKit
trick. Do you know,"' and now. I. leaned back. in my. chair
and looked steadily at him. "thaf I have a notion we have
met before." : \u25a0• * .
• "It's not unlikely.. It, might: have been on a cheap
trip down the river." but' James was hot quite at oasa
now; "his". Jesting, was. distinctly, artificial and I thought
that, there' was a new atmosphere In ; the r00m. ,. ,
' "No," I'continued.4'l do not think it was on a steamer.
I am rather incllnedHOiSuspect that it. was -in" this, room."
.- »»; < , Wel '«" »aid - "fighting Mac," after /a. pause, "I'm not
prepared : io% deny.: that,", and his bravado was rapidly
crumbling, a way. v S" His figure .; seemed to ;i recede/ in the
chair; - Instead of ithrustlng .himself forward one woula
'say that' he Awas r trying to hide 'himself.';
\u0084'"M,Ore<than McKittrick, -unless I: am, very much
'mistaken^ you;', were in this room not 'more than : a' ; year
ago,',?, and"; now - 1 eyed him sternly, > feeling . that ; I was
on? the^vefge r of ; a great "_ exposure;, ,The ', gentleman who
had done\time was distinctly ;alarmed and; felt , that I things
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
this year's, gains; the- merchant's glad rejoicings as he
-contemplates- the balance of his twelve months' work.
Let him see our workmen coming and goingito their work.
Let him only look about him and see. on every side, the
Strides. that. California, little more than fifty years of age.
has made .within the year 4 last past. Let him but use his
were taking an unexpected turn and that no one could
tell what would happen next, while the , bride and her
friend cast doubtful glances at the" bridegroom whose
past career they evidently knew had been', of. a troubled
character. For his part It flashed across -me he was
l66king not now so much confounded as bashful, and
before he • spoke my confidence In my own shrewdness
and • hi 3 guilt had suddenly weakened, ,but I repeated
stoutly, ."Yes, in. this-, very ..room, and with a marriage
. .•.* A Mohammed Groom. \u25a0 .;. . ,
"It's a fact," he blurted out, and then: a roguish ex
pression came over his face. His figure filled out again,
he thrust forward his head and was himself once more.
"In this very ' room; -as ye said." repeating , my, words
with humorous, intonation, "but aa sure; as death the
last time I was here, Just eleven months ago,' I waa the
best. man." v - ' .
\u25a0/\u25a0"Quite_ so, McKittrick." and I covered my . re-treat
with what dignity, I' could. "I was certain we had^met
before. Yours, is not a face one can forget." -. •.' ' \- /
"Did ye think." and McKittrick > dominated the V room,
"that ye had married me afore?" but fortunately; his mood
turned to " humor.' ' "Na, no, \u25a0; twice ] inside one year is " carry
ing things too far. g Phemle," he aald, arid he turned ; to
the interested bride. "I'm judgln', the minister thinks that
I am a Mohammedan." and so the. incident, closed' in face-^
tlousncss, which .unfortunately I was never able to thor
oughly subdue.*- . ' ,; \u25a0.'\u25a0'. • '-:
;;<lt was: evident, that, the best thing, to do waa -to hurry
onwlththe service, and I directed the four to stand up
and ! take their I places, a; movement which \u25a0 Mr. McKittrick,"
who .was now in great spirit. V did Ihis best to turn;' Into
a comedy," desiring to j ; stand i with; the bride .on. one \hand
and the bridesmaid on the other and declaring his iwill
ingness .to. ba. married:, to them: both, which 'he said was
the habit: of. Mohammedans. ;It was 1 with* great difficulty
that I could get^the. company reduced -to* a fitting' state
of . mind,- and even > after they were ; in their " places : ' Mr.
McKittrick was offering genial Invitations '. to the , brides
n\a.id; to seize the .opportunity,' which caused £ both ladles
much amusement, j: ! /^...^i/.-:-.; . '• -
When he was reminded, that other people.w ere wait
ing to be ': married and that";he must restrain ; his' humor
for a more suitable -season^he settled down ,and,; Invited
me to "come on." as if we;wero 'going.-to; have'a'^prlze
fisht. \u25a0' v ' •.•-•••. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0 \u25a0 : -.-'' :^"— \u25a0-"•;\u25a0• ..\u25a0 \u25a0".-'•; -.v."-'"^
"Marriage Is an honorable tiState;' instituted in the
Garden of Eden — — " "." . ..'. ;: ,v.V v \ r : ;' ; v , ' ; ;
v- "Garden : : o' Eden. My ..-.Word, that's; a while ago. Noo,
: .I: never heard that; afore /Might p I jV ask ~*is 'that -in. the
Bible?" This was* really very embarrassing; and
>ned . to take ? away I all good - frorn'itho ;^marriage^servlce t '
so -I- exhorted- him to be auiet an"d ' not 'i to; ask questions
eyes and .cars, and If he nnd not things enough to more
than equal all hls/fondest expectations, then. Indeed, he
must be blind and deaf to all the sights and sounds about . him.
Of the." thousands of young, sturdy, brainy pioneers who,
in 1549 , and 1850. lined every mountain streajn In ' the
northern^ and southern mines, while, with pick" and shovel
and rocker.^ they, worked the miraculously rich placer
mines that drew them hither — of these busy thousands,
who thought that California would,*' long before the ad
vent of the twentieth century, -be noted for her copper,
her", petroleum, her semi-precious gems; and nearly three
score of valuable products of the earth that. In conjunction
with her gold, make up her $40,000.00», w0rth of mineral
rroducts? And who, of all that happy, careless, lively
crew, ever dreamed ' that California's trees would send
the^r products even to the Antipodes or, hex ««"»»'«•
feed the bun S ry of Europe w.lth thelrr.wheat? And who
Snrhm ev^r. Teven' in.his dreams.^ pictured the 50.000
cars that in 1305 were required to take.our oranges, our
leSns^ouV WineW- our.l grapes, our .walnuts our olives
ouVpekch/s," pears, apr'lcots and apples to the East and
even to Europe? '• ' ..' \u25a0<\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 t ,
9 Great is California, exceeding, even in her present only
parUaT development, the wildest, prophecies of even her
Eastern cltmcs. No .other btat e. &nd daugh .
nadOeSa w'tTtuntesfTr'happyand contented lives,
ters such OPP^ l^"^ canJornia may one bathe in tho
[rom <5e5 e " e " ? _™t C r .».«. o? our mountain,, towering:
™"f IH H&osy.. B Sen7»r^kSl
acres.be -ouna as xn^. any .one of which will produce
'' de n e r S^o^nL?rst U r C e e aVns. harnessed to -the turbine wheel.
and°fn c peuoleum un^riylng so many thousands of our
??«.« have solved the pcpblem of cheap power for Cali-
S \u25a0 \nd our climate; which allows our people to work
fornla. Ana our v glves u9 a manufacturing advan
tage y wMchr before' many" years, will make ua the Indus
tri^^ard f the e co^of empire takes Its way." Bishop
Berkley Prophetically announced nearly 200 years ago
on£ "California will be the next halting place of the world
nowe? of tra^eT. commerce and intellectual superiority
whTch through the long centuries, has been successively
Persia's Egypt's. Greece's. Home's. Spain's, Holland's.
FrS^s; Germany's/ England's and now hovers over our
Ea Th™so S A a sk 3 ie3 and kind summers and wlntera of Greece
.nrtßoSe hid much to do- with their pre-eminence In
a?t winde-; tUdiw peaceful and warlike conquest. The
Grecian and. Roman' youth could grow and develop In
Snd and "to body through all the days of every year No
excessive summer heats nor winter colds retarded their
advancement. California, like Greece and Rome, has no
climaUc adversities against which her youth must con
tend and no* other million and three-quarters of people can
coast as c an of two great unlverslties-the Un iversity
of California and Stanford— giving^ free instruction to
4500 of our ydung men. and women. \u25a0
Calitornia's future in trade, commerce, manufacturing,
horticulture, viticulture, mining .and all the products of
the earth Is beyond dispute. At the end of this century
she will be foremost in wealth and Intellectual advance
ment These two mark human superiority. What Greece
and Rome were to the world California wlll.be. Romantic
has been her past: great is her infant present: overshad
owing all the world will be her mature future.
and I got through another sentence when the bridegroom
brake in again.
'.-, "Garden o' Eden." and ; I resolved never again to
mention the first Paradise.
"If you'll excuse me. had Adam and Eve witnesses?"
a stroke which greatly delighted the company and showed
that Mr. McKittrick was a Jocose person. "Not another
word I'll say If you ; object." Then leaning forward to
catch sight of • the bride' 3 friend. "I doubt there was no
bridesmaid. Come on. sir. My word, the Garden of Eden."
- Game to the End.
"When It came to the vows. Mr. McKittrick acquitted
himself with dignity, affirming everything with a voice
which might have been heard In the street, and adding
the gratuitous promise that he would keep his bride In order.
\u25a0 "Obey/ Phemle, { ye heart that, and mind ye, keep It.
It's a wlselike promise," and he demanded to know
whether it . had been ; used In the Oarden of Eden, and
without waiting -for an answer, which he was not likely
to get, 1 '*\u25a0 tie* explained to his friend that if the woman had
only iminded, that word! "obey," they might' have been In
the; Garden^ of Eden yet.
'-.•,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•; During A the signing of . the papers the happy bride
groom if. wandered round \u25a0 the room examining the books
and«plctures with much" Interest, and various Jocose com
\u25a0mentarlea.V till he waa brought to the table to sign his
I narae?'^ This sobered' him very much, and he asked to
\u25a0 bei fallowed to : take off his coat, explaining ' that It was
'only* in* such easy undress he had any liberty with the
fpen.^jHe also guided* the pen, not only with his hand.
biitiwlth his tongue.^and.. wrestled irreatly with his aur-
VnamWv hesitating between -two t's and? one, and being In
\u25a0 some; doubt' as to whether' it looked to write Mac
*'ori-Mc-»r-a fine point on which he consulted the company.
'Oncejhe liad accomplished, McKittrick, the load lifted
from i his , spirits, and he had an" easy mind.
VNow that : I've settled to. the Job. I might as welt
finish"- lL^Would you like me to write. 'flghtin' Mac' T' a
suggestlori^which seemed "to greatly . please hls v friends.
\u25a0and I had* some difficulty In restraining his zeal.' "WelL
well," he* said somewhat, disappointed, r but brisking up,
:."havo It ,as please. - It would-*, have 'rounded off the
corner, and% helped -ye. to -remember, me the* next ' time I
come, man," *he Jsaid, turning » to the . best^ man,* "the min
ister thougfht|liwaa a Mohammedan." As he. -was leaving
the i, room he Vcaught sight of a picture near the door,
which,he had- overlooked, and ca!led his wife's attention
.to "it. ,-';\u25a0 : - ...#•\u25a0;?? "\u25a0 \u25a0;..'.•'..\u25a0\u25a0: , ",- \u25a0'; ' ,- . . : \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0:' •'
, v^> "Ye dec that,;Phemie.'.' pointing to a Highland land
scape,"take}a* good look at It, my . woman, for yell \u25a0 never
\u25a0see that, again."!; That's the Garden of Eden." "And 'fight
ing MacV;departed In high. spirits, rewarding the waitress
\u25a0in the jhftllVon'- a lavish ' scale and - promising to be back
with: the year.- 'A: CHRISTMAS CAROL.
WORDS -written \by . LUTHER for- 1 us little son Hans.
MUSIC .'specially; icoiftposed; by JOSIAII BOOTH.
CAROL No. t
To you tin* night is -born 'Vciiild *»
Of MarVi clio^on'motlicr tnil«l;<**if-
TJiU Ultlc ' i-ijiMibf r slowly, bjrtlu^.; ;
) Jjlwl] 1 iljJb";i IjJb"; tlic /joy .^pf /all the i earth.
!Tis, CTwi«t.our;,(;»l \»bo'faron! 1ii;;li
Until jibanl yoiiri.wifl'aml j bittpr.cry ; .
IHjn^lflwill yonr.f alvationvlje, „ V'
ijiiasclf ifroin'.KJu .will niii'kc.i'oir frca
GAROLVNo.:2.
f;ivc lic<ml, 'my. lic.irt,' lift nj» tlunc cycsl
Wlhi is it in v«n nmn^cr \k*l
Wli<t is tiiis rliilil so Vorini* ami fair*
The blessed ChrUt cltilJ licth there
CAROL No. 3.
Vorc earth a thou^tml Linics as fair,
l»i>ct with {jolil and jewels rare,
Slie yet '.wcro far too poor to be -
A narrow cradle, Lord, for Thee.
\u25a0 'f \u25a0•' ' .--., _\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 V \u25a0
For iclvcts w>ft and silken t-tuff
Tlum hast, bburt r liav and stmw ko ron^h,
"\VhjTeim, Thou Kin^ m> rich and. >;rcat. .•
As t were Thy Heaven,- urc throned in stata
\u0084 \u25a0p-ft- t • -• \u25a0.-,. . - , .. -. .. . . -_...\u25a0 \u25a0 -
Hdjbrings those We*jnjr«,' long ago
I'rcp.trwT by <!od for all.liclow; \ V
H^nccfortliUis Kingdom ' opcnjatands y ; ; "
To yon, as.ttr tlicaiiycl.bantli f.\' : ' . \u25a0
ni«sc are; the token* ye shall nuwk:'. /'
•The 'Hwa'Mling clothed , • and iiiunjicr ilurk; •
There slmll <yc~fiii<l. the yoiuig child. laiil, .'
. Dy whom the Heavens and earth were made
Welcome to earth," Thou < nohle Guest,
Throuj3i>AVhoiii e'en wicked men arc blest
Tliou coni'.»t to^liarc o\ir misery ;\u25a0 I
AVlidt can we render, Lurd. to Thee* ;.<'; .
Thus liatii St. pleased Thee tb make plain
The truth : to \u25a0.ni»'jKwr.. fools and \ain, :> '; .
Tlmt tlii» world's honour, .wealth, and niigly
Arc nnught ami .worthier in Tliy . siyfit.
Ah; dearest JcW*| Holy, Child,: ; V
Make Thee a bed, wit, undclded, %
AVitliin in* heart; that if may J«
A qirict chamber Kej>t .f<y TlicoThe Sunday Call Magazine
Women's and Children's SectionHOW TO DRESS THE CHRISTMAS
DOLL
PRETTY Miss Doll r ßaby-Lady. U
right iri' her . element "again. > And
the reason why? Just because
Santa Olaiis promised long ago
In early May or June'to take her
to all the good ; youngsters In- the (lan«l( lan«l
as soon as the snow began to fly ami
the holly berries to turn a saucy, In
viting red.
So she's traveling along at a merry
rate, alternately scolding the reindeer
for not running laster and counting
the merry jingle of the bells, for It
takes a long, long time to get out of
Christmas land into the civilized world
where srown-up people tlTink thatdollss
are niertly made of kid and sawdust
and have no power or ability to thlnlt
and act like really, truly people-^-that
is, when they j;et a chance.
But between you and me, dolls are ex
actly as proud, exactly as conceited an.i
exactly as hard to please as any one
possibly could be ami the trouble is,
they are getting more fastidious every
year.
Her . wardrobe? Why bless you, it's
guile as extensive as the most elabor
ately gowned boclety buda" and; her
personal belongings are quite enough.'
to make an ordinary uiortal turn green
with sheer envy.
In the first place Miss Doll-Baby-
Lady is qulti; a creation in herself. She
stands some turce or four feet high
and revels in the clothing of. a minia
ture lady who can do more than clo.-»o
and open her t-yes and call "ma-ma,
pa-pa." at the toy of a wee high voice.
Her body !s made of a. soft, pliable kid,
which stands more wear and tear thua
anything tlse % uniess it is a hard com
position, and her face and head are
fashioned of bisque or china that is
guaranteed to withstand the ravages of
soap and water. \u25a0\u25a0 . -* .-:.\ \u25a0\u25a0_'.•\u25a0.
But Miss Doll-Baby-Lady's chief
beauty lies, like mauy another wom
an's, in her wealth of curly, soft hair
and In her finely arched eyebrows and
daintily fringed lids that permit her
eyes to oi>en find close and say all sorts
of unutterable, pretty things.
Ah, she's a treasure, is this doll of
Chrisumistide. and as long as she is so
retching and dainty and sweet, it seems
more than, a shame not to array her
in cloth of ,gold and anoint her with
myrrh and sweet smelling perfumes, for
she seems born to the life that does
not stay awake at nights to see how
far the pennies can be stretched..
The doll of to-day has iour stages
through which she passes. In the first
place she plays the infant role and she
plays It so well that It requires more
than a passing glance to discover her
little tricks.
Her gowns may be numerous ana
varied, but as a rule they consist of
the very elaborate and the simply plain.
Ordinarily, nainsook' slips, perfectly
straight and innocent of a single frill,
are her every-day clothes, and, by the
way, her particular pet aversion: but
when Sundays come she prinks and
dresses herself In beautiful, heavy
corded silks und real lace that Is wortli
a small fortune a yard.
Be it known to the uninitiated all
this fuss and frill belongs to a long
coat that completely covers her, plain
ness and gives her every appearance of
belonging to the comfortable class of
bulging pocket-books.
The cloak, us I said before, is made
of a beautiful white or cream colored
heavy ribbed silk. The fullness comes
from a wee yoke that Is more than cov
ered with an elaborate lace' chiffon
edged cape. This cape, by the way, is
every bit as carefully fashioned as the
most expensive opera garment. First
comes the plllc. then cloth of chiffon
with a fluffy ruffle and last, but by no
means least, the lace, which, of courso,
adds the finishing touches and really
makes the cloak. The softest kind of
silk lines this small cape ami it is fast
ened to the cloak proper with a great
bow and streaming ends of double
faced satin ribbon.
Naturally such a chic garment needs a
bonnet built expressly for It, for anything
and everything seems sadly out of place.
So milady has the same silken fabric
fashioned into a snug-fitting French cap,
with the crown of lace ,to match the
crepe. And she doesn't stop there, either.
Tiny fox heads of a beautiful brown, are
lined air about her face, and when' the
bow Is tied almost under her left" ear
6he is lovely enough to gladden the heart
of any one who chances to see her.
The long clothes are dainty and sweet,
but she gets so awfully tired of them
that it is quite as well to supply her with
short clothes, too, else she twists and
turns In such an unaccountable way that
she makes a decided' nuisance of herself.
From the kid out she needs to be re
plenished. Soft woolen or silken under-
- .
(Copyright, 1903, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
WHEN I was a schoolgirl we
used to look* forward with
great anticipation to our
ißsy| annual school exhibitions.
I do not know why the pow
ers that were then in authority
made a distinction between a girl's
reading her own essay and a- girl's
reciting a poem by somebody else, but
this they did. Boys were required to
declaim and great stress was laid in
their education on the cultivation of
ease before an audience. But we girls,
as a rule, sat modestly in the front
seats of the chapel, in our white frocks,
while members of the school commit
tee or local clergyman read our com
positions for us. In the ideal of that
day woman's place was in the sweet
shelter and beautiful background of
her home, and young \u25a0 girls were not,
vests, either low-necked and sleeveless or :
high and 6nug, are her first demand. Then \,
stockings, or, better still, English socks '
and sandals orpumps, and then a quan-.
tity of petticoats, both for warmth and - :
for pretty. The flannel ones are never:
plain — oh, bless you, no; for she isn't an
ordinary child, by any manner of means,
and her feelinjjs would be decidedly In
jured if anything but the- most daintily
embroidered wcr.e'even considered 'for a'
second. The rosehuds are dotted. 'here
and there and a twining; leaf ;\u25a0 or vlner
makes the body of' the design. Of course,'
tho bottom of the skirt, is finished in the
regulation .scallop fashion arid the skirt
Itself Is put on a waist of linen or. lawn ;,
which buttons up the \ back, j One thing
mere she Insists upon in _-; this skirt.;
French seams are not quite good enough;
so she has' a small' feather, stitch of silk. \u25a0
covering, each and every one, that gives
It an exquisite finish. -. •. .
Her lawn petticoats, are every bit as
dainty, and many of them are made in '
sets to match her frocks. For instance.',
if. her Rown Is embroidered it would
never, never do to have even a suspicion
of lace \u25a0 peeping from under it. " So for
hand wcrk she has the same idea carried
.out on a less elaborate scale, though it
- never could be termed the- essence of
simplicity. ', . \u25a0 . t -"•.•;••.'
While the frocks themselves are many,
she has but little choice as to. the style,
for babks In short clothes are dressed
very much alike, in eof t " lawn ' or Tndia '
\u25a0 mull cut with a full skirt and a wee yoke
both back and front. ;
But her outside togs are. her secret de-_<
light, and she gives them 'more time and',
attention than all the rest of,her'ward
robe combined. Silks and heavy linens
are the fabrics most. used, with a strong
preference to silk. The square shoulder
effect, that has been such 'a craze with
all tailors for some time, has not escaped
her ladyship's notice, and she ordered a
straight back, with the necessary fullness
coming . from an inverted pleat which Is
about the depth of an ordinary yoke. The
front is just too square and jaunty look
ing for anything. Instead of buttoning
straight down and being finished with
pretty buttons, the collar closes on the
shoulder and the opening slants to the
middle of the coat, making It look broad
er at the top than at the bottom. Instead
of lace or appllqued trimming she decided
on ermine, and the soft white with the
black tails dotted, here and there encir- *
cles the throat, runs down the coat
from the shoulder to the hem and finishes
the cuffs in the most fetching way, imag
inable. '1
For a hat she wears something like the
old-fashioned poke bonnet— which, by the j
way, never seems to be entirely out of
style. The crown- is a mass of shirred
tucks, that widen gradually until they end
In the palest pink roses, which extend al
most to the edge of the good-sized brim.
. The lining near the face Is either a mass
of white lace put round. and round or. a
cluster of chiffon tucks, which lose them-
MARGARET E. SANGSTER'S TALKS
encouraged : to- take part in public ex
ercises of any kind: ' The exception
was in favor of the smaller glrJs, who
were dressed' like fairies and came
tripping out to, sing a solo or. recite
a bit of yerse, and who were" taught
to curtsey deeply in response to ap
plause\from the listeners. ,
', In .'my. later schooldays ~thero came
a changed I remember, very .well the
first time '* I stood before .what seemed
to . roe * a crowd of - attentive I, faces and
read a composition .of ; my; own.' r: The,
subject was. "Temperance," and ; lt was
treated with great force by .the 14
year-old-girl who had chosen;^sobig a
theme. In the middle- of 'the'! reading
she became frightened,', lost- her place
and her voice, and could -hardly have'
gone on, but for. a kind: gentleman; who,
came and stood' by; her., side, "saying:
"Never . mind them, , " ; my < . dear." • Read
straight ahead. I'll stay, right' by you.''.
I still remember that man most grate
fully. •;; -v, \u25a0\u25a0 ; ' y ;\u25a0' -\u25a0;'-\u25a0\u25a0- '.'. . \u25a0• \u25a0 i ,;-.
..'"-. » .~ ' \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 . \u25a0
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY4GALL:
selves in the. frill which \u25a0.Joinsrthev two
edges of the brim. This hat, and a good- \
ly size it is.Htoo, has one 'very, strong '{_
point in its f avor. * r It > fits so closelyrVo"
the head- that, once there; it «eems placed",
for good and all, and : the ribbons ..which; \u25a0
are meant to secure It are really more for '
show than anything "else. 7 To be sure, if i
the ,wind comes j up | they are \ a j decided 1
convenience, and; anyway,, it would 1 never. •;.
do to be without them,^for. frills; and ?
furbelows are the fashion of the day,. and-,
'certainly no one can /deny that, fereat"
fluffy bows and long-hanging ends givear:
smarter touch than anything else possi- - ;
bly can. ' ./'. \u25a0\u25a0/'•\u25a0 "\u25a0 i ''w~.' : '• '" *
The third change is not nearly as pretty ,
a fit, to my. way of thinking, 1 but it prob
ably is the most Berylceab»e and desirable
of ,the three. It is ; the; time honored
linen . costumes made "pretty "much? after .-.
the Buster Brown pattern, i; Square^ suits ;'
belted in at, the waist,'. < socks .'of every*
color and,, tan or, white ;' sandals 'with ,. "a':
round leather cap to . top j: her ' curls. ' It ;
sounds rather boyishj- but; it doesn't; look -
so, as jaunty • as jaunty, can be /
Still • later, we had In our school,
what to-day .'might be called a venture
in school dramatics. We of the. senior 1
class decided that we must have a May ;
Queen, with court attendants, fairies, :
elves; trolls, queens of flowers land'of -.
grain, a . Ceres, " ; a Flora, a Persephone,'
and;a train.of people representing dif-.'
fererit phases of the earth and th£ sea.'
Our.' scheme"- was so; ambitious that ;\ve
could v riot T find ; anything.. ln print by
which wescould .carry It^out, and* the
girls with" one '\u25a0' consent < turned .to me,
saying:; ';"You. must' \u25a0write a 'play for
us, or telse: our May Queen will be a
failure." "? Looking back, I have always
been "surprised-atjthe '/way. the teachers
acted ';•; in '--.the " matter, .. but~ ; " our. "lovely !
principal ; when ; c approached - was really,
most -gracious. 1 ; ."Why; '.yes,'." -she" .said.-
."Miss .'M'7'l' . "'; may -.be ; excused ; from" ail .
her; classes; for., the/ next' week/lwhlle
she, is writing the: May. Queen',' play." -
'\u25a0".'"\u25a0-\u25a0• •• ' - • ' "• • ..-..-.,, \u25a0\u25a0'•-• ...
School dramatics are very common;
and stands far more wear and- tear than
sheer lawns and mulls will. '
\u25a0 -'The fourth ' change transforms^ her from ' ,
the. rollicking ; youngster to \ the"" staid . so- \u25a0
' ciety ' lady." : She \u25a0 puts up . her ; pretty-, hair -
: and back, her ; stray; curls with
: side combs and ; a' gold .back * comb. Her
'frocks ; once \u25a0 more ".* undergo/ a .^complete ,'•
and radical - change v and : she steps forth ;.
in, trailing silks and satins as fine as the
finest lady! In ';. the' land. - f :>; V I".
.\u25a0\u25a0There are "calling "costumes, tailor . suits,
evening gowns and an B avalanche of hats
' and coats,, but for. the first time she revels I
*in)riegligees and in quaintly "designed ki- ;
monos and 1 warm, cozy, bath: robes.' There \u25a0
are' house Jackets of r soft China silk more .
or less trimmed i.with " Valenciennes lace, *
i and,* in fact; there is'everything under, the'.
no \vS- • They afford a great deal of di
;v«rsion" toCthose who form tho: cast,
to -"the rest: of "the class interested," and;
to the spectators. In our colleges an
event 0 of the year., is '^ttie'. rendering, or
a play of Shakespeare, such as ; "Mid
summer i Night's \u25a0 Dream." .of '.'Much
Ado. About » Nothing." The properties
are usually . simple.- and"; the stage;set
ting: is; necessarily- whatever the girls
can manage with' screens and! portieres
and.t heir own clever wits." "But -there
is; far: more, diversion secured? in ;the
care and pains with which^the c harac
t'ers ; selected; iin \u0084the'l many ; rehearf
sals i*l under the supervision of teach
ers; taiid in* the fidelity,: with which the
girls repeat the' lines' assigned; to'; them. '
.;. Whatever, part :a. 7 girl mayitake, ; she
is expected ; to prepare f ori it th : dili
gence ; and -accuracy [and . to . : regard it
as important,'; whether Mt; be ithnt "of a
leading ' lai\v ; or" of ' a.a '. maid - in -.waiting.
On , the ; mimic * stage of j the schoolroom
there must be j respect ' f or the work for
MADGE MOORE
\u25a0\u25a0*' :• \u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0>
shining sun that any one ever heard or
thought of.
-And if her wants and demands stopped
here one might take a long breath, but
there are all sorts and conditions of
pretty little accessories that seem an ab
solute necessity. For instance, who could
expect a young lady of the fashionable
world to be without a gold bead purse to
carry her lace-edged handkerchief and
her. 1 smelling bottle of, an Inch or so In
length? It*would be absurd, that's all.
Besides \ this, she cannot manage with
out a trunkf ul of trinkets, such as gold
beads, pins, rings, and the like, for no
costume would be o?ulte complete without
something in 'the': Jewelry line to match'
or. to set off "some especially " good point.
Certainly, this Miss Doll-BabyrLady of
the., work's; sake; must.be due
consideration of "the. honor of the
school as a, whole, and there must be
also great patience and forbearance
among ; the girls \u25a0 themselves, because
when a group of. people are rehearsing
for: a: play: there may be impulsive crit
icisms of those who blunder and little
frictions which,; for the moment, hurt
the ; sensitive and annoy the quick-;
itempered.-- Girls rush to superlatives
atsuch times. V We have to put temper
wholly aside whenever we are working
toward a common end. \u25a0
One of the' most .important lessons
in; life, one x that; girls ; need- to learn,
is ;\u25a0 how., to Vwork In harmony' with oth
ers.,?: In " ; this' life v we~are .all somehow
bound.' in one bundle, and if
declare^ that she is going to stand. all
alone and 'do ; her J work all : ; alone, and
.have, her .^pleasures; all alone, 'she is
making a great mistake," one that she
will find out to her; cost 'after "a while.
'A* girl who takes her , little share . in'
1905 . Is Indeed a problem, for nerer be
fore has she < been half as lovely and
alack, half as expensive. But-she's worth
all the worry, all the trouble and all the
expense by. the Joy she gives, so here's
to her— Miss . Doll-Baby-Lady.
school dramatics will by and by be a
graceful hostess In her home, and It the
opportunity arises, she will be ablo
easily to entertain her. friends, and to
arrange pleasant evenings for little
social groups. In her - church^ her
guild, her league, her Christian En
deavor society of her club, she will
hold, her own. •.* .
It was said of Queen Victoria that
she never.was afraid of a vacant space
in front of her.' I have seen girls who
hesitated , and shrunk from crossing a
drawing-room filled with people. The
bane of any life, the thing that make*
one awkward, shy and clumsy, is self
consciousness. It is at the root of the
hampering diffidence which is a very
different- affair from ' modesty.
For many reasons aside from.pres
ent strengthening of memory and from
obtaining familiarity with good litera
ture, i school are an approved
portion of our school system.' 'IN her castle high up on the cliff
the Sea King's wife sat listening
to the merry pealing of the Christ
mas bells. And as she hearkened
r happy smile played round her
lips, .though the moan of the sea rose
up through the darkness and the Storm
Wind vailed shrieked outside the
granite walls.
«ose to her breast she clasped her
little Mue-cye-j. fair-haired daughter,
and together they gazed into the glow
ins red keart of the f.re.
"Mother, sv.xet. please tell me a
story," pleaded! the" little one
"About xvhomV asked the Sea Kings
wife
"About yourself, when you. too. were
a little jnrl." was the reply.
"Then it must be about a little Mer
maid." said the Queen, kissing the
child's soft cheek; and she told as fol
lows-:
l>»ng ago a King's daughter" dwelt
in a castle near the sea, and each even
ing, whenever the sky was clear, she
walked alone upon the sands to tvs.tch
the sun ecu
And often she heard sweet strains of
music and a voice tinging such beauti
ful melodies that she held her breath
to listen.
At last, washing to find the Singer.
che searched among the rocks for him
and saw there a Merman, the King of
the Sea-people, who had fallen in love
with her.
The Merman, who thought the Prin
cess the most beautiful being he had
ever seen, begged her to come and live
with him beneath tue sea. When he
tola her of the merry lives of the Mer
xnalds end their wonderful home in the
bed of the ocean, the Princess said she
would like to join them, and wedding
the Merman she 'dwelt with him be
neath the waves.
But coon she grew tired of the grot
toe* end caverns of the Sea-people, and
Begged them to let her return to her
home on the earth. They would not,
however, allow her to leave them, and
the princess? filled with sorrow, pined
away and died of a broken heart, leav
ing behind her a little blue-eyed daugh
ter as beautiful as herself.
This child was brought up by the
Mermaids, who called her Princess Sea-
Foam, and taught her to swim", dive
and float in the water, to play on a
golden lyre, and to sing entrancing
melodies.
They wove for their beautiful dresses
of seawood, embroidered with sea coral,
ar.d strung for their necklets of amber
beads and lustrous pearls. Sometimes.
when they basked in the sunshine on the
yellow sands, combing thoir golden hair
with combs of mother-of-pearl. Princess
Sea,-Fcan». who. unlike the other mer
maids, had dainty white feet, would
clamber about the rocks hunting for sea
anemones and star fish.
One night, when ebe had grown into a
beautiful young maiden, she climbed up
the winding path on the cliff and peeped
through the windows of a tiny church
that overlooked the sea.
It was Christmas eve. and the building
was decorated with flowers and holly,
while a. silver star glittering in the lamp
light hung above the shining altar. While
she stood there, her blue eyes wide with
wonder, the notes of the organ pealed
forth and children's voices sang a Christ
mas hymn.
The Princess felt a. strange Badness
st*a! Over her, her breast swelled and
for the Jirst time in her life her eyes
were dimmed with tears. By and by the
lights were -. put out and the little sea.
maid west sadly away, and floating alone
on the waves listened tv the chiming of
the Christmas bells.
I-ater she sought the Grandmother of
the Mermaids, who, though very old,
looked young and beautiful, and told her
all her thoughts and feelings.
"Why da the bells ring? • What is the
silver star?" she lnauired.
Then the Mermaid, who was ever so
wise, explained the festival of Christmas
and said that the silver star pointed the
way to a beautiful land where mortals
dwelt, when their life on earth was
ended.
"AlaE:** she cried, "we Mermaids have
not a eecond life. We live for three hun
dred year*, and having no soul become
loam or sea spray."
"Bat you," she said to the little Prin
cess, "are more fortunate. Being the
daughter of a mortal you possess part of
a soul," ana ehe briefly told her her
mother's story.
"Then shall I, too, go to the land of
the silver star, where my mother awaits
me?? asked the Princess.
"You will if you can win the rest of
your soul." said the ancient Mermaid;
s< and this I will help you to do. In the
tall tower at the mouth of the river," she
continued, "lives the great magician, Lo
kio. Oo to him and ask his assistance.
He If so kind-hearted I am cure he will
help you. Tell him that Mother-o'-Pearl
«ent you to him— that for her sake she
begs him to heli> ycu."
Bo next day the little Princess set oft
by herself and swam to the tower, where
the magician dweit in solitary state.
The entrance door was ajar, and
counting the winding staircase, she
reached a tiny turret chamber. There,
In a chair of ebony, sat the great ma
gician, an old man with thoughtful
eyes and a white beard that swept the
ground.
v He glanced kindly at the little sea
maid and asked why the had sought
him. When she told him her errand
he sighed and for a long time sat silent,
gazing into a crystal ball at his elbow.
Then, bidding Princess Sea-Foam
draw r.cur him, he looked steadfastly
into her clear blue eyes.
"Yes. it is quite possible for you to
gain the whole of your soul," he ex
claimed. "You are good, loving and
kind and your heart is pure and brave.
But have you thought of what you arc
giving up? Three hundred years of
happiness;, pcax.e and security for the
brief life, of an earth maiden."
"But in no other way can I reach the
Land of the Silver Star," said Princess
Sea-Foam; "aud I would far rather
<Iwell there than in the home of the
aiermaids."
•You must be loved by a mortal and
wed him .before you can gain a soul,
and ere this can happen It may chance
that you will be called upon to sur
render your life for 'that of another.
Are you ready to do this also?"
"Willingly, if only I can secure the
rest of my soul." replied the little
Sea-maid, bravely. "I would sooner be
loved by a mortal and live but a short
jf-iir;e on earth than as % a mermaid ;
\u'«H f° r three hundred years among ;
the Sea-people." \
"Come to me again when four moons ]
have waned," said Loklo, "and I will j
tend you forth Into the world to gain
your soul." . . . [
So the Princess, thanking him, re- !
turned to her home beneath the sea, <
THE LAND OF THE SILVER STAR
EVA C. ROGERS
and when spring came she went again
to Lokio's tower.
Before leaving she bade farewell to
the Grandmother of the Mermaids, who
sent as a gilt to the magician five
snow-white sea cattle. To Princess Sea-
Foam she gave three oyster shells con
taining three beautiful dresses, one of
spangled star dust, one of sunset glow
and one of billow sea foam, embroidered
with moonbeams. Then the Princess,
driving the patient white oxen before
her. went to Lokio's tower and humbly
proffered her gift t> the great magi
cian.
Pleased with the present, Lokio did. all
in his power tn hely her. He pave her
a wonderful pair of golden sandals for
her feet and hung around her neck a
tfny golden locket containing a m*igic
crystal.
"On tho day that you win your ?=oul
this crystal will disappear," he. said. "Till
then do not Dart with it. As for the
frolden sandals, as long a? you wear them
you v.-ill never feel tired or weary." •
So •Princess Sea- Foam, thanking the
magician for his kindness, took leave of
him and" set forth alone on her Journey.
• • . • * • * • • •
Princess Sea-Foam thought the earth a,
very delightful place. At every turn she
came upon something new and beautiful.
The violets clothing the mossy banks, th°
golden gorse scenting the moor, the song
of the lark in the blue, all filled her with
joy and gladness. Now running, now
skipping, now dancing, she sped along
a moorland track, stopping sometimes to
gaze at the sheep grazing upon the heath,
the rabbits sporting among the bracken,
the white clouds drifting overhead, and
the purple shadows sweeping up the
emerald hillsides. Ami when she passed
a^tiuy stream foaming in white cascades
ov<r the lichened bou'.ders she clayycd
her hands with delight.
Soon she came to a wood of fresh srreen
larches and struck into a mossy path
winding beneath their tasseled branches.
Around her bloomed golden daffodils, yel
low primroses, starry anemones and white
and purple orchids. Sunbeams filtered
through the leaves, shadows flickered on
the boles of the tre?s. while blackbirds
and thrushes caroled gayly among the
breeze-swayed branches.
"Cuckoo! Cuckoo!" called the pray
bird of spring, flying past her, and Prin
cess Sea-Foam, filled with delight,- bent
down and kissed the dainty flowerets at
her feet. Near by was a tiny lake, and
the little Princess plunging into it swam
to and fro, laughing merrily.
Then, leaving the water, she opened one
of the oyster shells that Mother o' Pearl
had given her and put on the gown of
billowy sta-foam, embroidered wi;h mom
beams. She looked so exquisitely lovely
that the flowers whispered and the birds
twittered their amazement to one another
while Princess Sea-Foam, holding up her
snowy skirts, began to dance. To and
fro, round and round she spun, her white
feet twinkling like stars among the grass
es. Then, growing tired of dancing, she
seated herself upon the low branch of a
tree, and swaying to and fro sans one
of the wondrous songs taught her by the
Mermaids.
Just then the King of the Country into
whleli she had wandered rode past and
listened to her singing in enraptured
silence. Gazing into the green heart of
the wood he caught sight of the Princess,
and was filled with amazement at her
marvelous beauty.
"Surely she is the Goddess of Spring or
fome lovely Wood Nymph!" , he ' ex
claimed In wonderment. "Never before
have I beheld such a beautiful maiden,"
and entering the wood he drew near the
Princess to speak to her.
The King was young, tall and hand
some, with frank blue eyes and a merry
laugh. He offered to" show Princess Sea-
Foam the path through the wood, and
while she walked beside him she told him
the story of her life.
"He is both kind and charming," she
thought. "I have never before me£ such
a pleasant companion," and soon the two
became great friends.
"1 wish you would let mo show you all
the beauties of the earth," pleaded the
King. "If you will come and live at the
palace 1 will do my utmost to make your
life a happy one." And Princess Sea-
Foam, thanking him, said she would like
to accompany him; so the King, seating
her upon his horse, conducted her to his
palace, where she was received as a roy-
GLASS HOUSES TO THROW STONES AT.
s—p HE old adage about people who
* * I live in glass houses Is In the
'< I way of being spoiled of its
! I meaning by the advance of
modern industry and invention,"
', said the Kastern representative of one
of the largest manufacturing concerns In
the country to a Post reporter the other
day. "It's a fascinating study to watch
how tue wise old saws of our forefathers
are one after another being shaken; or
disproved or rendered no longer applicable
[ by . modern knowledge and experimenta-
I "on."'
1 "This glass-house gag, for instance,: is
'probably the latest of such old sayings to
' suffer total eclipse, for it Is entirely pos
sible and feasible now for a man to live
in a glass house without any fear- of
damage from flying stones any more than
If he lived in any ordinary house of wood,
brick or stone. A • man may build ;- his
whole bouse of glass, and have a remark
ably safe. i. comfortable and " healthful \u25a0
al guest. Henceforth he devoted himself
entirely to the Princess, and each day
brought her some . new delight. They
walked, rode, drove, hunted and danced
together, and soon ft was evident that the
King 'had fallen deeply In love with his
beautiful visitor. At last "he begged the
Princess to marry him, and as she agreed
to do so their tbetrothal was announced
and preparations made for the royal wed
ding.
The Princess, being as good and sweet
tempered as she was beautiful, was be
loved by every one at the court save two
persons. These were a wicked Countess,
named Rathild, and her daughter, an ugly
and spiteful girl called Matilda. * The
Countess, who had resolved to marry her
own child to the King. ; as filled with
envy and Jealous rage, and determined to
get rid of Princess Sea-Foam before the
marriage could take place. -
One day the Countess set out by her
self to consult some witches who lived on
the top of a lonely mountain, taking with
her valuable jewels to present to them.'
On the top of the hill she. found the
witches gathered together in a circle
round a caldron, beneath which the .red
dwelling, too. I do not know that such
a house- has yet been built anywhere in
the world, but here is a chance for some
original chap who wants to put up a
home that shall be unique.
"And when he sets about it he will; be
surprised to find how 'easily, it can- be
done. The chief element entering into
the construction of our glass house would
be glass bricks, which 'are. now made hol
low and are' therefore light in weight;; yet
they are much; stronger than ordinary
bricks made of. clay. -
".They are "absolutely ; impervious to
•water, and they are of
sound and " heat. V ; Our v; r prospective
builder will see af.once the obvious ad
vantages, over; ordinary" building mate
rials -in 'durability;: in protection: from
outside* noise and from cold::;; " ; /
"Theso blown glass; bricks are, of
course, 'opaque, fsd 1 the? dweller I In
glass house will . enjoy- just ,'as much
privacy as In 1 any other.; They are her
metically sealed when redhot, and -so
are perfectly; clean and •."• proof against
all disease germs JEBHBHBIBHHHBI
THE SAN FRANGISGO, SUNDAY CALL.
flames leaped ana splutterea. Some were
young and fair, \ with snowy skin ' and
golden hair: some dark, with sloe-black
eyes and Jetty tresses; some bent double,
old and withered,, gray-headed or:, bald,
with skinny fingers and long, hooked
noses. On the 'shoulder of one witch sat
a large! black cat, on the head of another
was perched a' raven, a venomous : snake
was twined round the wrist of a'^ third,
while a • fourth clasped an enormous toad
in her, lar>. - '
They listened to their visitor's request,
and. accepting her costly offering,' prom
ised to assist her.
"I dare -not "destroy this maiden' or I
would I beg -of | you \u25a0 some subtle j poison,''
said Rathild.' : "Can you not spirit Ther
away, so, that the King will not be able to
find her.' or* make her take the shape of
some animal— a fox, for : lnstance?" ;
"Is she crafty and cruel?" asked the
witches. : v
"No!" replied Rathild, who knew It was
useless to deceive them. "She is kind and
beautiful.: That is partly why. I so hate
her." ; \u25a0 ;
"Then she cannot become a fox," said
the witches. \u25a0 \u25a0 - . :
- "Well., let her become a\cat/! cried
Rathild; : glancing at the black cat that
was spitting and snarling angrily. -: ;
\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0•-\u25a0 *-.-,. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u2666 \u25a0'\u25a0'-- \u25a0----' \u25a0 \u25a0 . ' -
"For foundations a material called
stone- glass should- be used. This ha 3
three times the resisting | power of
granite in crushing strains. .; The \u25a0- roof
will be of glass: tiles; which can now be
obtained In any desired . color, ; and
which /would add -a" charming effect, of
color to, the'completed 1 house. "-,.
- "Inside : the } house ; practically : all fix
tures. and -j finishings .will rbe j made of
glass." : , All : the : | plumbing, '%* all '! water
pipes, gas pipes, sewer, pipes, .; all 'J flues
for heating arid ; conduits .'for electric
wires will \u25a0be of i glass. , And | this : will
insure -not only "greater cleanliness,'. but
as ;' well , greater i safety, * for.: such • glass
pipes .are; fireproof. \u25a0'-•\u0084- ' • .' ' <\u25a0 '
r -'Besides, the ;pipe3, ,x'drains, - etc., ,^the
fixtures; to be -made; of i glass -willl*ln
clude sinks, iwashtubs, basins and batn-'
tubs. ; Of ; course.* the i floors * and -stairs
will be , of ; glass. And • window shutters
and doors / could; be made : of > the same
material if desired. . • . .
t. \"lt after, seeing the: success ot his ex
periment^ In building a' glass house our
owner should : ; wish ? to;, do I so,':, he could
; „ "Is; she'? spiteful " and quarrelsome?".in
quired; the wltches. v \ '.-•''" . • "
I "Goodness .* me,- » no!" snapped /Rathild,
waxing impatient. , ;; ; - -. * ; • ;';; ';
"Then"; we \u25a0 cannot* transform her, into a
cat,"'was the reply. -"-, - - '
i;-.*' Why not a .wolf?'.', asked their v visitor.
'"Because -she : is neither 1! cruel ;<" nor '*
treacherous," replied" the Switches'. ."As she •
is; : so 'good . and . innocent/ all" we' can , l do
?is to change ncr into a flower." ; :
The I eyes of the Countess sparkled joy—
fully. \u25a0; V Yes, ,\. yes ; ; let ; her -"become -a~
flower!", she .cried.. Then.'seeing a daisy;
crowing "on the turf near: by, ."Let", her',
become a' daisy. ' The flower is so common
and plentiful the King .will never be able •
to. find her.'* : ' : -\u0084' : "-*/,- " \u25a0-, -*\u25a0» - "\u25a0•'• ''•_\u25a0\u25a0"•
The witches then* gave her, a' phial' con-,
taininff a*. magic : potion^ and; told her. to
scatter some of ]$he. liquid upon the Prin
cess.. •:-"•.'\u25a0 "^ ;-.*.'.: :\u25a0\u25a0:- : /;.'V .:.-.ti. \u25a0\u25a0'.•.: '.-","*; \u25a0
\u25a0 "Directly it 'falls upon > her ."she will be
come a daisy, ':\u25a0 and: be transported i to> a
solitary * island fin the middle of a ; lonely
. sea," 'they. said. --"Only once' in the year
may she take her former shape, and
nothlns can .break the charm save the
tears.of 'her lover. '
"I will take good care that those shall
never fall upon her." cried Rathild. ma
liciously." "He shall never discover my
secret!" And taking leave of the witches
she returned to her castle" to await an
opportunity.- of carrying out her wicked
purpose. | / I
"The^ weeks passed swiftly and soon the
preparations for the royal v/edding were
all .finished.; The day preceding that of
the | marriage came round. " Gayly-decked
arches spanned the roads, flags and ban
ners hung; from . the windows of the
houses, ;\u25a0 bands ; played in the parks, and
the " : peasants went about in holiday at
tire. V.The : Princess had made herself, so
beloved : by the people ; that they all re^
jolced to think, she was so soon to be
come their Queen. ,It was . by her orders
that every poor person throughout- the
kingdom was supplied with lood * for a
.week."- : 4'\ •' v-v'l>v ..- ' \u25a0 '
: At .the royal palace a splendid banquet
was served for the ladies and nobles, after
which a large ball was to be held. On
her ( way to attend this the Princess.^ es
corted by her ladles, walked through her
garden. . Dressed in her; gown of sunset
glowyi her loveliness dazzled ; all that be-
go further and have many articles of
furniture 'made of > this material— such
as tables, beds, bookcases, shelves of
various kinds, cupboards and so on; and
all crockery could be toughened glass
ware. - '
"I; will not deny that the . builder : of
such aVglasS; house -have to ..be a
rich man, . for while all . or nearly all of
the. things I have enumerated a3 entering
into . the construction and furnishing \of
such . a house are j novr on the . market and
can be in Hhe way 'suggested,' It
is true that most" of them are a good ; blt
more \u25a0 expensive ' than similar, things made
of other, material, i But ) I believe^ the time
is . at hand , ""when •it .will i not Ibe ; bo';. very
much more expensive to' build house of
moderate size;of;glas3 7 thari^to",bulld;it' : of
brick or.' stone." :'. .p.jx^" .* c :"\u25a0--'•\u25a0-/-VK
':\u25a0'\u25a0 "When Uhey_t Were ' first ; manufactured a
few years . ago bricks were ; made
solid; 'as \u25a0 they.fstfll Z are ' fori paving--and
glass bricks . f or^ paving ; are being ; p used
to i a t considerable j extent* In , Paris V and
Bome To therj cities ! ln- Europe tOrday;Uhey
have been found to be superior to -asphalt
held -. her, vwhile her heart 'was ..filled witli
gladness -and, a* happy, light, dwelt in her
eyes j7f or. ' to-morrow, , if - the ; enchanter's
words came true," she was to win" her souL
As she * passed -down the^ pathway, il
luminated; with colored lanterns, a gypsy
woman stepped forward from the dark
ness and brushed her elbovr. ; _
"Pardon, fair lady." she murmured. * In
your;time of, happiness think of one who
Is • sorrow-stricken.'*
".Mas.' poor creature! Can you not also
rejoice, to-day?", said Princess Sea-Foam,
and -detaching from her girdle a tiny gold
purse she.handed it to the beggar woman.
It fell .to the- : ground : and the^ Princess
stooped ' to -pick *it up. A3 she did so,'
Rathild— f or it was' she, disguised as a
gypsy— bent forward and hastily scattered
upon Her some of.t£e magic potion.
' vThe Princess vanished Immediately, and
her. ladies, who had loitered behind her,
ran.to and fro through the gardens vainly
seeking her. ' The news of her disappear
ance'soon reached the King, who ordered
-. • .. t \u25a0-;;:
a search to be made throughout his king
dom, and offered handsome, reward 3 to
whoever should bring tidings of his miss
ing bride. But all his efforts were In
vain, and heart-sick and filled with sor
row he set off by himself in search of her,
leaving his kingdom in the charga of a
younger | brother.
Meanwhile Princess Sea- Foam, changed
to a daisy, dwelt alone on a solitary Isl
and in a distant sea. Winter and summer
came and went and spring found her still
waiting with childlike trust for her lover
to come. and release her.
! Once in the year, on Midsummer's Eve,
she was. permitted to take her former
shape, and from dawn till sunset the
beautiful maid, wandered along the rocky
shore, gazing across the sea, watching
In vain for the coming of the Kins'. Ona
-even: of midsummer, while she was pac
ing, the sands, some of her former play
mates who were sporting among the
. waves near by caught sight of her and
entreated her to join them. '
"Your lover Is false. He loves you no
longer. Plunge down with us beneath tha
waves. and. forget him,'* they cried. "Our
love is truer than that of a mortal. Coma
back <to I us— to our merry life in tha
ocean's bed!"
or Belgian blocks for such use, as they
make no' dirt whatever and hold less than,
any other known kind of pavement, being '
easily washed ; clean; and, furthermore.!
: they are more durable than either of the |
substances named. But. for building pur-*
-poses solid glass bricks were not a sue-!
-cess. . \u25a0 : \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 - ."\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 -. {
"By making them hollow, all difficulties
, have now ; been ove rcome. : There is grow- ;
Ing use for them in building greenhouses,
tor. which: they are admirable because of
their qualities of not conducting heat
t " Tall" chlmnej-3 have also been constructed
'.of these glass bricks, and they have given
„ satisfaction I ; thus ; used.- ... - *
{ - --- "When -; the builder .,- of c the first ; glass ',
house,', such* as I, have been telling you of,;
• comes ' to " die A he^can" be , buried , In .a - glass
* coffin-^-some " people have been": buried* In;
* theni « already— he ; can • have :. his ; grave
; marked ..with* a glass .tombstone or. have!
Van elaborate • monument' or a mausoleum 1
( built, of glass to mark his -' final resting '
J place, and thus even : after death signify;
his predilection for this wonderful mate-!
- riaL^aHHHHHBHHHBIi!
But Princess. Sea-Foam shook. her head
sadly. ."If he "comes : not," she faltered.
"I will die here mourning for him." And
. as the weary . months dragged past and
no help^carae she languished and drooped,
and felt she rau3t' surely dfe.
The petals of the Princess were of shln«
ins silver, while within her \u25a0heart of jjoli
a crystal dewdrop forever .sparkled. Ono
day a swallow. Journeying' acr:>s3 tHe sea
to sunny clings, stopped . to root awhila
on the island, and seeing: the marvelous
daisy addressed her and inc;uired whenct
/ she had come.
"Ah. little bird." sighed the Princess, a*
. she told him her story, "if only you would
" bear a message to my lover: Tell him 1
-still zza true to him. and nine alone upoa
this dreary islet."
"But there are many "monarchs in th«
world, and I fear I should not be clevej
.enough to tlnd the one you • love." sal J
"the swallow. . - m .
"Then take my message- to others who
love me— to the white sea-oxen In the gar
den of the enchanter' Lokio," said tha
Princes 3. "Often have . I sported with
them beneath the waves, have fed and
caressed them. They will not fail to help
me in my time of trouble."
"I know the castle of the enchanter,
and will go there at once and do your bid
ding." said the swallow, and spreading
his wings he skimmed away, while tha
Princess trembled with Joy.
Meanwhile the King, despondent and
heartsick, had determined to seek the aid
of the magician, and was making his way
toward the castlo of Loklo. '\u25a0
"Princess Sea-Foam! My lost love I
Where are you?" he moaned aloud. "Can
It be that I have lost you forever r*.
Just then the swallow skimmed past
and overheard him. Perching on the ledga
of a rock he twittered to the- King tidings
of the missing Princess, and gave him
her message. The King's heart bounded
with Joy, and hastening through the gar
dens of the enchanter to the spot whcra
the white oxen were grazing he besought
their aid. -
"If the swallow will show "us the way
we will willingly bear you across tha
water to the islet where the Princess 13
held captive," said tha chief of the sea
beasts.
So the King, seated on the shoulders of *
the snow-white ox, set off across tha
ocean, and ere long landed on tha solitary
islet. ,;;.;,;;
But. the witches seeing him coming
caused daisies to spring up all over tha
island, and he searched for a. long tixna
without finding the Princess.- j
"It I soar over the islet I might perhaps
fled her," said the swallow, and flying ott
he soon espied the wondrous daisy with
the silver petals and golden heart.
Trembling with delight the King bent
over her and kissed her. He could not
refrain, from shedding tears of joy. and
some of them rolling down his eheelia
fell on the face of the daisy. Instantly
the floweret vanished and in her place
stood the Princess more beautiful than
ever.
"Beloved, at last I have found yen:!
The spell is broken!" cried the Kins', em
bracing her. "Let us hasten away from
this desolate spot lest further ill befall us."'
Returning to the shore he . lifted tha
Princess upon the back of the fiUthful
sea-ox, and seating himself l>es!d& he?
they crossed the water in. safety. Then,
reaching the castle of Ix>kio, they hast
ened at once to the Royal Palace.
Great was ,the rejoicing among the
King's subjects when it became known
that he had returned with the Prin
cess. Every one was filled with ile-^
light save Rathild and her spiteful
daughter, who were overcome with,
anger and mortification.
'iCe j^iug gavtt uruers to the ladled
in waiting -mat "the Princess was never
to be leit alone savo in ncr pnvau»
apartments, ana on every occasion
wnen she quitted the paiaee he re
mained the wnoie time at ncr aide, lid
entreated her to marry aim spetuily no
that they never need again be parted
and fixed their marriage for tne fol
lowing week.
"Even yet it is not too late to pre
vent the wedding taking place,"' mut
tered the Countess, and sue raeiieU Her
iraia to think of some scheme tnat
would enable her to accomplish her
evil design.
Finding that the King's brother, Ko
dolf. who had been sent for iron; a
distant part of the country to mauugt*
the affairs of stale during the alra*ncq
of the ruler, greatly aiiinirea Uo .fnn
cess, Rathild determined to make usa
of him 10 bring about iier wickeU p^ona.
"Wny not win ncr yourself." sfle said,
to him. "If the ixing were dead she
would willingly wed you. Get rid of
your rival und gain a kingdom and a
beautiful bride," and she so poisoned*
the mind of Rodolf against his brotner
and was so craftily persistent tnar at
last the young irince ueiermined to
follow her advice.
On the day preceding the royal wed
ding a stag nun: was v take place and
the King, with Princess bea-Foam.
rode through the forest, accompanied
by the nobles and huntsmen. After a
while he and his bride separated them
selves from the others and dismounted
to rest a while beside a tiny lake, when
Rodolf approached them, saying he had
seen a fine buck near by.
He bade his brother wait while ha
drove it toward him, then • retreating a
few paces he hid himself behind a tree,
and, fitting an arrow to hi 3 bow. sent
a winged shaft straight at the heart or
the King. But Princess Sea-Foam, see
ing his action, fiung herself In front oi
her lover and received the arrow in
her breast.
Thinking he had killed bar, Rodoir,
seized with sudden remorse, leaped Into
tha lake and was never again seen.
The arrow, however, had not harmed
the Princess, but striking on the gold
locket suspended from j her neck had
glanced aside.
"You have offered your Ufa for mine.
How can I ever rapay you for your un
selfish devotion?" cried tha Klnff.
"Let u» be married quite quietly, with
out pomp or ceremony, in the litUa gray
church on the cliff," said Princess Sea-
Foam.
; "Our wedding shall take place there to
night. It is the eve of Christmas," re
plied the Kir.*, as they returned to tha
palace."
Meanwhile Rathild. who had heard oi
the frustration of her plans, frenzied with,
anger, set out with her daughter for tha
abode of the witches. Finding them gath
ered together upon the hilltop she began
at once to rail at them and abuse. them,
declaring their magic potions useless, an 4
demanding the return of her Jewels.
Filled with indignation at her ingrati
tude the witches resolved to punish her
without delay. "Waving their magic wands
above the heads of Rathild and Matilda
they transformed them into two black
dogs, who fled, snarling and yelping, down
the . hillside. Being hated and • feared by
all who knew them, they were neither
sought for nor lamented.
" Ding, dong! Ding, dong! Once more tha
Christmas bells pealed merrily in tha
tower of the little gray church, ar.d Prin
cess Sea-Foam, standing before the altar,
thought of that other Christmas eve when
she had floated upon the waves beneath
the silent stars, a lonely sea-maid.
Ding, dons! Ding, dong! clanged -tha
bells, and the eyes of the Princess wan
dered from the scarlet holly and ever
greens wreathing the granite pillars to
the silver star. that flashed and srllttered
in the lamplight. The ancient priest per
formed the simple rites, and the' King",
kissing: his bride on the lips, placed on
her^flnser a tiny circlet of gold. As ha
did so a strange thrill passed through tha
body -of Princess Sea-Foam, and she
trembled from head to foot. Then, rais
ing her hand toward the magic crystal
suspended from her neck, she found that
It bad vanished.
.A .wave of Joy swept over Her being and
her * heart beat . high with gladness, for
she knew that the words of the enchanter
were at last .fulfilled. As an earth-maiden
possessing " an immortal soul she might
attain her heart's desire and some 4a~g
Inherit the Land of taa silver StuvTHE BEST OF THE DAY
THE DINNER
•"\u25a0V OMETHIN'G new in Christmas
$ J W menus," directs the Sunday ed-
V] itor, and. where shall such
K«^ things be found. I say to my
self, where is the place of their
creation?
Manifestly not in cook-books, those
volumes of so great Importance to Mes
dames Newlywed, nor yet in the more
comprehensive pronouncements on gen
eral domestic science, for these tell only
of achievements known of old. Tried and
true, yes. so they are, but wanting the
quality of distinction that alone could
warrant our offering them to you at a
time when you, . like' the Sunday editor,
ere demanding something special.
Of all the holidays this one of Decem
ber £5 Is conspicuously a family affair.
Every wanderer who Js within reach of
home bends all efforts to arrive before
the day and the business travelers, our
regular visitants, forget their routine in
making gled for kith and kin this time
of peace on earth good •will to men.
To you, the housewives, the important
part cf the celebration, once Santa Claus'
visit is arranged for and successfully
executed, is the dinner. You have a
proper ambition that it shall surpass not
only the attainments of three hundred
sixty-four day? in the year— including the
Thanksgiving triumph— but to here and
now establish a new standard for all
Christmases yet to be.
It is evident that what you want can
be secured only from the originators of
new dishes; from the ehef.s who minister
to those thousands of San Franciscans
who cat not for the prosaic reason that
they are hungry nor lest they may be
by and by, but becaure eating is a
pleasure when the viands are as the
gods' ambrosia for delicacy of flavor.
Hotels and clubs catering to the wants
of these epicures must prove our mines
of novelties.
To the chefs, then.
' . s • c
"Perhaps you would like to go right
down into the kitchen and see the chef
at home." suggests Manager Wills of
the St. Francis.
Would I!
Wouldn't rou?
So we descend the bread marble stair
case, cross one corner of the coy grill
room, and enter the kitchens through a
t ; winging door, ignoring a stern card
which warns Xo Admittance. Signs
have no terrors for the pcrsonally-con
dacted,
It te 10 of the morning. The break
fast rush is over and as the work of
preparing luncheon is not yet In full
sway, there is a lull of which most of
t!i<? sccor.d cooks and helpers take ad
vartase to satisfy their hunger. At two
tables they are seated and the babel of
Strange tcnguer;, complimenting, criti
cizing, expostulating, creates the pleas
ing impression of a sudden journey (per
haps via wteh'ne-carpet route) >to a
foreign land.
The air is 'rasrant of, delightful odors.
Oven?, deep pans and brightly burnished
copper kettles yield truest incense to the
Ingenuity of the ruler of the realm. In
h:s own tiny effice. a glass and wains
coting inclcpure just large enough for
roll top deck and chairs, we find him,
?.l. le Chef £c Cuisine.
A very aristocrat of cooks is this Mr.
Victor Klrtzlcr. Born of an Alsatian fam
ily whose iriC-rr.bers have been chefs for
generations, he was duly graduated from
the famous Strarburg school of cooking
and for two rears served as one of the
vast retinue of esperts In the culinary de
partment of the St. Petersburg palace of
Nicholas, Czar of all the Russias.
Will he, I wonder, bear himself haught
ily, as befits one who has served royalty?
Will he remind me that to direct the
kitchens cf a great hotel takes all that a
man has of time, and will his crushing
finsJe be that there are books to which I
may refer for suggestions as to what it
were good to serve for our Christmas
feast?
ICot by any means. He is more than
approachable. With eagerness we go over
the menu, already written off for me,
and he exclaims: "Every dish is a real
creation. We are studying for new effects
all the time. Xever must we be satis
fied, or, voil2, we are no longer of use.
See this, that I was working on when
you f*w in— a mutton chop recherche."
"This" is an outline drawing of some
thing to eat. It shows the chop proper,
though I would never have recognized it.
as such, and all the toothsome relishes
properly placed about the small platter
crisp bacon, toasted sausage, stuffed to
matoes and broiled kidney.
. As It Is translated to my eyes I am
glad to recall that the idea of picturing
delicious dishes had not been exploited
when Barmecide gave his so celebrated
spread. The unhappy Shacabac had
enough to bear from mere descriptions of
the Imaginary. Whatever could he have
done if the things had been illustrated?
But we have not to do with Barmecide
feasts. Our Christmas dinner must be
graced by dishes, real, tangible, edible
and digestible. And this is what Chef
Hirtzler eugrreste. Welcoming a holiday
as a pretext for unusual accomplish
ments In cookery, he expresses his pleas
ure with this opportunity to tell the read
ers of The Call Just what he has planned
for the biggest dinner of the year, and
Just how certain of the dishes are pre-
parea.
MENU.
Buffet Rus»e Chablls
Take Points Mignonette
Bisque d'ecrevisses Maximillen » \u25a0 ,
Hers d'oeuvres varies Sherry
Terrapene Jockey Club
«,_!. J° hl »>ni*berger Schloss
Filet de Sole a l'Anglalse
Pommn Nouvellea
Supreme de Poulet aux truffles
Artlchautc Jurdinere
_ „ ChaiapagBe
Selle <1 agne&u Proveacale
Peuts pols aux laitnes
Dtlicf-s de t-iUllrs
Mousseline de Grenou'Ues
Canard de Sauvagt- a la brocbe
SaJade Victoria Burgundy
Asperges en Iiranche
Parfait de loic- dc Strasbourg
Borabe a 1'Orleatal
Friandises
Tartelettes a TEcosKUse.
JVnlt Fromape Uaueurs
Cafe
These recipes \u25a0will aid you in rivaling
his accomplishments.
BUFFET RUSSE.
Canape of fresh caviar, canape of
Eaxdines, artichoke buttons filled with
urchovy and -decorated chopped eggs
and parsley, lettuce leaves, Swedish
Etyle, and" fat goose liver pie. . Place
all those relishes on a large piatler^
and decorate with cut vegetables in ';
form of flowers. *
MOUSSELINE DE GRENOUILLES.' j
Take the flesh of two f dozen frogs'
and chop very fine. Put through a
sieve, add one egg and two yolks of
eggs (raw), salt and pepper, and add
one-fourth pint of cream whipped very
stiff. Put in timbale mold and place
in pan with hot water. Let coolc in
oven for ten minutes and serve with
sauce mouEseline.
TERRAPEXE JOCKEY CLUB.
Cut terrapin in pieces about one inch
long. Put in saucepan, add pepper and
salt, a lltle nutmeg, celery salt and\
piece of buter. l^ct this get very hot
and then add a glass of cognac. Light
the cognac and let It burn for about
two minutes, stirring the terrapin con
stantly. Add rich cream, thicken with
yolk of egr>y and mix with good sherry
wine. Serve in chafing dish.
;: , SALADE VICTORIA.
Grape fruit. orange and truffles
sliced with mayonnaise dressing and
chopped pistache nuts.
TARTELETTE *A L'ECOSSAISE.
Put your paste In a tartelette mold,
pour in some marmalade of apricots,
then some almond paste mixed with a
little cream and yolk of egg. Put in
oven and bake. When cold, pour over
some more apricot marmalade and then
rose-colored fondant sugar.
BOM3E A L'OKIEN'TAL.
Vanilla ice cream outside with
strawberry ice cream center mixed
with French dry fruit and maraschino*.
Serve on an ice socle.
I am taken into the domain of Chef
Patissier Renon and allowed to exam
ine the elaborate socles waiting in the
\u25a0 refrigerators for order, along with
quantities of cream and butter and
French pastries as good to look upon
as to. taste — and that's high praise. The
socles are exquisitely carved from
blocks of ice and show swans iv grace
ful proportions, lotus-like flowers, and
what you will, clear as crystal. The
service of Bombe l'Orlental on such a
foundation is a fitting: finale to any
feast. .
"Clubs are not busy places on Sun-,
day* or holidays," I am told by Chef
Welti of the impoc'.ng Pacific Union,
"and we shall not have a formal
Christmas dinner. You see those of our
members who have homes sepnd the
day there and those who haven't — well,
they are invited out by relatives or
friends and that leaves us rather quiet.
But a menu for a family dinner—^would
that serve you?"
"Admirably," I assured him and the
following is his recommendation:
Menu.
Oysters HaU' Sliell
Clear Turtle Soup
Imported Strasbourg Pate
Ripe Olives a I" Epicurienre — Salted Almonds
Pompauo en Papillate — Cucumber Salad
Frocs under Glass
Chaudfrold of Capon with Artichoke Heart an*
Mayonnaise
Frozen Tom and Jerry
Roast Canvasback Duck
Hulled Corn
Celery Salad
Glace Uacedoin;
Assorted Cakes
Camnnbert Toasted Crackers
Coffee.
CLEAR TURTLE SOUP.
Cut loose the shell of a killed turtle
on both sides, detach the flat shell,
remove all the meat from the inside.
Cut up in six or eight pieces; plunge
them in boiling water; remove the
•skin and fins. Put the turtle meat Into
a soup pot with some veal bones;
moisten with. broth; let boil; then skim
and add vegetables and spices such as
celery, parsley, baylcaf, v/hole spices
and salt. Add the pieces of shell and
fins and cook them until tender: take
them out pf the broth and leave in
cold water. \u25a0 Remove the green meat
from the shells and fins and cut in
pieces of about an inch sauare.
Take the meat from about forty
pounds of beefshins, chop fine as for
consomme; mix well with the broth of
turtle and clarify with white of egg.
Reduce -to about half glace and <idd
the pieces of green meat and let cook
slowly until tender. To about one
part of this preparation lake three partB
\u25a0of consomme; season with sherry and
serve one piece of meat and thin slice of
lemon.
CHAUFROID OF CAPOX. WITH AR
TICHOKE HEART AND MAYON
NAISE.
Remove the flllets from . three me
dium-sized capons; pare them careful
ly; stuff the flllets with some quenellii
force meat; lay them carefully into a
saucepan, with the pointed ends to the
center; sprinkle with clarified butter,
a little lime juice or white wine; place
them on the fire without coloring,
drain and put to cool.
Now take some good white sauce
made of strong chicken jelly and
cream and when nearly cold dip in the
flllets and put on baking sheet to dry.
When cool decorate with fancy cut 3 of
truffles, plmientos and white of egg
and glace over with some good aspic
jelly.
POMPANO EN PAPILLOTE.
Clean and dry a pompano; ' season
with salt and pepper, then fill the
opening with a preparation of butter
and finest herbs, mixed with a little
lime Juice. Cut a piece of oil paper
heart-shaped, large enough to wrap
the fish In; oil paper well; put a couple
of slices of lemon on one side; cover
with a small piece of this finest herbes
butter. On this you put the fish. , Now
on the other side of the fish you put
one more piece of this butter and
two slices cold boiled potato. Fold the
paper together and tightly pinch the
edges so the butter will not run out.
Put In baking pan and bake, for about
ten or twelve minutes, in " moderate
oven. , \u25a0 . . . , . .
• . • : •
The Bohemians' Jinks and feast of good
things for the inner, man will command
the undivided attention of every loyal
brother on Saturday of i Christmas week.
Chef Bernhard hasri' t j yet made out the
schedule for- his 'part;: of the celebration,
but he offers you the i following!, menu; as ;
embodying^ dishes often tried and found
not wanting by.- his fastidious masters:, .
•*-. -Canape .Caviar.- "\u25a0\u25a0,•''-.; "
* * V;-iiiue Points. = ..' ;.
Cream , of - Chicken a la Reine
Broiled Salmon , Steak, Anchovy Butter, Fomme
i :; Sarah BernharUt i
Sweetbreads: a ' la : Eugenie . \u25a0. . . ...",. .
Asparagus : Hollandalse Sauce -
• -j \u25a0\u25a0: Punch Cardinal' ; -" -\u25a0 . : \u25a0» '. " v .\u25a0
: Canvasback ? Duck. - Fried Hominy
"Waldorf. Salad - --JV.'.
r * Cup ; St. "; JacQue ' - ' _ \u0084
When I telephoned : The Family with.; a
'THE S AN *. FRA KCIJSGO \u25a0 SUNDAvftcAEL.
MABEL BEESON
suitably ,- f humble "May I see your t chef ?"
I am, reminded \ Vs\ a. polite but; very, flrra
tone, "This is strictly: a 1a 1 men'3-club." At \u25a0 ;
once * I promise -to ] make <\u25a0 my '\u25a0\u25a0 call - so : early '\u25a0 •
as 'to: avoid "the rush of : members Vand;
thus win a partial j lifting of • the' embargo. :.'
A'nd-'sbtit happens— a3 '"l ;have t ltl on high I
au thb'r i ty— t hat ', I" j am \ the third *r e preae n- \u25a0"
tative of I the "g'ogsipy,". unstable; unclub-r !
able - T scx'.' " (the adjectives ; are jnot mine)' :
who \u25a0 has' had •' au chance to '; approve f ; the '
charm: ; of. The Family's cozy >: home' in 1 -
Post* street: : V,- \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0:..-- -\- \u25a0 \u25a0\u0084 - \u25a0' \u25a0"':'"•'-..'\u25a0
•;•\u25a0 My! tour.' of inspection is made -while; we .
waiffor the chef ;to'arrive-ryou see-I ; am -
ear ly— and > the ' placed is : so J delightful ' lat ? \u25a0
once \ "constitute g myself j a.\ member by. a>;
supreme ; effort *of § the J imagination. >; Thisj;
in' no >, wise" 1 violates the j spirltiof the -;by-v
laws, as I understand it; it cannot worry
any one of the bona fide. two hundred, , and'
itdoe's comfort "me."; ; '.•":• ,- \u25a0••.: •-.'
1 . For the family row that is . on the cards
for Christmas week' no special dinner will
be.served. There" will be a buffet spread,
which -will -fit in better "with" the serious
business " of' - the evening [ than would ; a
formar feast,; but Its details are not yet
nominated* with .;. \u0084 -\u25a0 . -
.-. Steward .McFauU explains .this • to.; me
and 'offers :, In "substitute"*, f or|_ a menu \u25a0 the
following recipes, ,* each ".; named \u25a0in honor
of Its fpon?br:,V"i. \u25a0;- "^' " . . / \u25a0*.
BROCHETTES OF.EASTERN OYSTERS
': : :-;;-l. y,-'^ SLOSS. '-/;" ._-. v . ; -, V
{Take large Eastern oysters, six or seven
for; one ,<person; |put ? them^on a- silver
skewer, rolled in very thin cut English
breakfast bacon. Put in oven, sprinkled
vrith melted butter; serve on thin toast
with half lime and chopped parsley.
Serve following sauce separate:
- Chop sonic eschalottes very fine; reduce
In Tarragon vinegar. When well done
add a.yoik of an eggr. some melted but
ter, a pinch' of. fine chopped parsley and
.finish with oyster juice.
SPRING LAMB CHOPS A LA HAMIL
TON.
Take some nicely trimmed spring lamb
chops, about three for one person, and
fry them lightly in the pan on both sides.'
Put them under one of the French glass
\u25a0 Covers with the following sauce over it,
I then put them in a hot oven for two
minutes:
.Take a ; few fresh mustrooms: slice
them; put in small stewing pan with
butter. Add some parboiled lamb sweet
bread; simmer till mushrooms are nearly
done. Moisten with thick Charlotte
Russe cream: season with red pepper
and salt. Reduce well and pour over the
chops.
• • •
The sruests of the I.lcli House will en
joy this Christmas dinner:
t \u25a0 \u25a0 * ' OYSTERS:
Teke Points liaicty Chips
California Oyster Cocktail Cracked Crab
'\u25a0BOUVS:.
Green Turtle a l'Angiaitse
Consomme a la Gramraor.t ,
• \u25a0 Cream of Cauliflower a la Reino
HORS D'OLVRES:
California Ripe Olives Celery in Branch
Radishes Anchovlej
Canape .Luranso Cav!ar on Toast
x \u25a0 , FISH:
Ceiled Salmon. Hoilandalw Sauce
-.---. Ortlk-cl Striued Ba*s>, Maitre d'Hot*!
Eaktd ; fesole aa Urattn. Saratoga Cnius
Steamed I.lttle N'ck Clams
\u25a0_ ENTR-ES:
Chicken L'ver Patties a la Toulouse
Leg of Humboldt Cub a la Cbasseure
l-'ilet Mlxnon, Marrcn Sauce
.Sweetbread Saute an Champignon..
HTieet Coin Krititrs au Haboyrn \u25a0
Terrapin h la Nuwburg
FKOZEX itGQ NOC*
ROASTS:
Mallard. Duck. Fried Hominy
SacklinKr Pit and Apple Sauce
-Saddle -or Southdown Mutton. Currant Jelly
\u25a0 \u25a0 '•. Prlni« : E!ba of Be*f au Jus '
Young .. Turkey; Chestnut \u25a0 Dressing, Cranberry
Scuce.
SALAD 3: '
Stuffed Egg. Lettuce Shrimp "Waldorf
VEGETABLES:
Eakt-d CauUflower String Beans
Mashed. Potatoes , . Mash^a Turnips
BaUed". White and ' Sweet Potatoes
DESSERTS :
New Er.rlnnd Plum Pudding.
'\u25a0-•;*: Hard and Brandy Sauce
Hot Ulnco Pfe PuntiDkin Pie
Near«!ltan Ice Cream
llacaroons \u25a0 L.idy Firg^rs
Assorted Fancy Cakes
Xuts FTulto in Season Ra!?ins
Fromase do Brie Roquefort Camembort
S*r:.™» \u25a0 Cheese
Cafe Nolr
Recipe, Chicken hash au Gratin— Bail
one fat hen until well done, and when
cold remove the meat from the bone 3,
then cut in jmall squares; also cut up
one large potato in the same manner.
Add to this one cup of rich cream, put
this in a small saucepan end coolt until
well .thickened, season to taste, then put
in a baking dish. Grate cheese and bread
crumbs on top with a little butter, put
in a hot oven until brown; serve at once.
Cauliflower a la Bismarck— Take two
heads of thoroughly, cleaned cauliflower,
boil in salt water. When done, drain off
this water and while still hot take one
ounce of butter in a frying pan 'with
some bread crumbs.- Fry them brown,
then pour over, the cauliflower and serve.
Chef Rcumiguiere,. looking, well to the
ways of happiness of the members of the
University Club", offers' this programme of
their holiday; spread:
: -'• 'OYSTERS. *
• California oyster cocktail
Blue Points. Tcke Points. California oyster*
. . . SOCPS.
Cream of Oasie. • \u25a0 Consomme chatelaine
• ; . . \u25a0: Clam brofs. \u25a0 Coaaomme frapp*.
" Saboyon of chicken. \u25a0
HORS D'OEUVRES.
\u25a0 -teviar d'Aptrakan. Pickled peaches. »
' \u25a0• . " . Canape Martha ,
FISH." -
Aisuil'.ettcs of striped basii with sweet peeper
Sandabs ala Genlis. English yoles Joinville "
Boiled salmon, trout sauce mousseline
-. ENTREES READY.
;^ ,V; Filet of beef— Huntress style. .
TO DRAPE WINDOWS
IN fall the homemaker's fancy turns
not lightly, but earnestly, to the sub
ject of window hangings. Nothing
' makes. for winter coziness and com
, fort like appropriate hangings. Es
pecially arc they important in this day.
of flat?, apartments and closely built
suburban houses.
>]. How to admit light to the room and yet
. screen "one's self; from tha' curious gaze
, of neishbors. Is always a problem to the
housewife.
The bonne femme. or straight hanging
curtain, directly next to the shades and
stopping at the window ledge, is decided
. ly the best solution. This single width,
, bread curtain, which reaches from a roi
parallel with. the shade roller to the win
dow, ledge only, is always hung inside
i the ". window* frame.
,ii Although it ha 3 long been considered
the " house . furnishing . prerogative cf the.
rich woman, it is a curtain which any
housewife can make for herself.
Quite generally this curtain is finished
i at the bottom In three cr four scallops,
and tho \u25a0 center of the lower half is gen
erally Jriset. with' a* medallion of lace or
strips of insertion arranged to simulate r.
medallion/ The ready .to hans' bonne
- femme comes in scrim, * bobbinet and the
higher- priced laces like Renaissance, Ara
bian and broderie Anglais, on finest linen
'inset with filet" lace.
i A woman deft .with, her needle can iml-l
tate these -by buying either scrim or bob
1 binet,by;the yard, making a medallion, o'
;, torchon';;, or , antique : lace insertion and
( trimming the scallops with the material
set on in little ruflles,' or with. ruffles of
• lace to match the insertion used. With
(Such a curtain the shade may be run up
\u25a0to the -top of the. window, and plenty of
> light ; admitted to" the room. >
\V The housewife who cannot afford to buy
good ; lace ' curtains :,will welcome the in
coming,; fad for appliqmd rcrim. effects.
\ This is an Inexpensive material and lends
I itself artistically to the. mission furnished
living- rooms. ;vAt * a < distance this new
*scrimigives almost. the effect of a flower
\ Btamped . chiffon, but , at close range it
proves ; to •\u25a0 be '; a mesh . not , unlike cheese-,
'cloth with the \u25a0 floral patterns .woven In. •
| fV'A'j 1 favorite * combination ; shows • terra
pinkish Groses with soft green
Breast of chicken a la Cnevreuse.
Huron of lamb. "Brighton. •
ENTUEES TO ORDER.
Souffle of PartrUre. "Rossini."
Swccibrca I c laces. "Columbus.
Squats a la Monarque.
ROAST.
Canvasback. Mallard. Sprig ami T^al Duck*
Squab. Squab Chicken. fcpi-Ins Chicken.
.VEGETABLES.
Asparasu* sauce njousseuse.
Cr«*?n "fas String bsans.
Eaktd and mashed potatoes.
Baked sweet potatoes &ni Southern style.
SALADS.
Hearts of lettuce or Romatne.
Celery Mayonnaise.
"Waldorf tomatoes Shrimps. Chicken. Looker.
Crabs. University Club. Potato Escarole.
Punch d*s Jesuits.
English plum pudding, hard an.l brandy sauce. \u25a0
Mince pie. Pistachio Ice cream.
Meringue chantilly. Peaches — Melba.
FItUIT.
Strawberries a la mode. Baked pear with cream
Brandy Deach. Rak?d apr>le with cream.
CHEESE.
Carnerabert. Brie. Roquefort. HacLaren \u25a0 Ia»
rerlp.! Swiss. Pineapple. Edam. Stilton.
American. Oregon cream. Sierra.
Coffee. Demltass?. Tea. Chocolate. Coco*.
Milk. Ct'?am. -;, .",.
Recipe for saboyon of chicken — Put
eight ess yolks into a saucepan. dilut»
them with one pint of chicken broth,
have it well seasoned, place the saucepan
In boiling water, then stir weir with a
whip until the saboyon becomes thick
and frothy; as soon a? it is done serve it
very hot in cups. Few drops of old
Madeira will improve It greatly.
• • • •
At the Union League, Steward Johnson
tells me that after all the benedicts and
all the bachelors with claims on benedicts
are eliminated, there wi!l remain a few
for whose merry Christmas the club must
be responslb'.s. And so the dinner on the
3th v/ill be supplemented with extras
particularly appropriate to the day.
But to the club as a whole will be
served a special Christmas dinner on Sat
urday, the 23d, and no one can contem
plate the following menu without a wish
that he might enjoy its offering "face to
face":
Tok» Points on Deep Shell.
Green Turtle Clear.
Salted Almonds. OJlve*
Boiled SBlmcn, Vlzs Sauce.
fcwan Larded. Stewed Spinach.
Boar's Hea.i. Mustard Sauce.
EarorJ of licet. Yorkshire Pudding.
Erowned Sweet Potatoes.
Baked Cauliflower.
TJnion League Salad.
Plum Pudding, Brandy Sauce.
Assorted Nuts. Seeded Rai3ir.3.
Ch«» 3e . Black. Co2e*.
*4 , • * -"• • •
Royal Christmas menu suggestrl by fl.
Arbosast, chef de cuisine, Palace rloteU
MEXf.
Barquettes d'Hultres. Favorite
POTAGES
Eeyer.se de Volallle. Ambaasadrfci?
Tortue Verte au Clatr, aianzanilla
HORS D'OEUVRES
Fcuilles Souvarofl Olives, a la Reiae
Paillettes au Far-ccsan
il!2nartit:««'3 lie Caviar d'Astrachan
FOISStOXS
Tonnetets do Fl!et» de Sole. 19C6
Ckzlssea rfc Gr«wqtU«% a la V.. M. Givenway
Toaiates misnonnes. fourees au.\ Concombres
Pomnics Ninette.
T,-"-'T ,-"-' "• K.ELEVES -\u25a0
Mienorettes d'Agr.aau Ue Priatenjp3, Palac*
Hotel
r»:r.dci:neau. ajx Marrcna Renaissance
ENTREES
De3irs Ue Mascotte
Chartreuses dc Cret^s et Rognons de Cog,
a TAquitaine
Scuffles d'Ecrevlases. a la Moscovite
SORBET :
'ilarquise aux Vlolettea Cristallisees
ROTIS.
Cnapcns bCJ'rrts de Truftes escortes de CaiUe*
i feuille3 de V'lsn»3
Faisans 3ous la Cendr?. au Sue d* Ananas
ENTUEIIETS DE LEGUMES.
TrcS?3 pelees sur aprvlette. au Champaga*
Fonda d'A^tic^auts. Cyrano
Chrysantheme, givrees
FROID v r .--
Parfatt <3* Foles Graa de Strasbouix
ENTREMET DE DOUCEL'R CHAUD
Plum Pudding au Rhum, Alexandra
GLuVCES
Buche (3<s Noel. Surprise ',
Nymphes voilees, a I'Aurore •
ENTEEMHT DE DOUCEUR. r
Fri^r.dises Jlarrons glacees, a la VaniU*
Etciie de Bcrxer Belle de Nult
Pluia dOr Benedictines, -roses
- • FROMAGES VARIES -
Fruits de Serres. chaudes
Coupe Turque.
Plainly this season will establish anew
the truth that though San Franiisco
plays, through course of time, full many
a part In Its. public capacity of clearing-:
house for the tourists of the world, none
is discharged with greater cordiality than
the part of host at Christmas.
And no man. if he but know his way.
need refrain from asking a share of the
holiday bread In fear lest he jbe given a
foliage. There are also some very pretty
conventional designs. Including: a. leaded
glass effect which Is excellent for libra
ries, ilinlng-rooms and living-rooms. In
a room finished with dark wood a peacock
pattern of scrim would be exceptionally
harmonious. This shows a white ground
absolutely covered with a gorgeous pea
cock feather design, in the natural hues,
set off by a touch of brown.
These curtains require no trimming In
the way of fringe, ruffles, etc., and are
generally draped on either side of the
window In \ enormous rosettes. A very,^
effective livine-room. curtain shows bob- ,
binet of a deep ecru shade appliqued with
arabesques in natural colored linen out
lined by a very fine cotton braid. The
braid used may be green,, brown, red or
dull blue, according to the color of th»
room, and a woman who Is quick with
her needle can make thsse by buying the
bobbinet by the yard and getting tha
linen or batiste, or even a natural colored
lawn, and appliquing It in patterns which
she can copy from conventionalized de
signs, such as fleur-de-lis, crescents,
stars, arabesques or cornucopias. The
cotton braid can be bought by the bolt
very cheaply, and the result \u25a0 will be a
very good Imitation of an expensive
ready-to-hang curtain. The applique can
be done by machine, and will stand the
wear and tear of cleaning better than if
done »y hana.
The basket weaves scrim Is almost as
coarse as bobbinet. and In its most ex
pensive and desirable form shows roses
climbing over a barred or trellised pat
tern. The new Nottingham curtains are
remarkable for the larse and striking
patterns, which almost hide the mesh
of the lace. Convolvulus, peonies, enorm
ous roses and chrysanthemums ar© em
ployed In these designs,
Broderie Anglais combined with fllet
lace is an extravagance of the moment
for housewives who do not have to count
their pennies too closely. Some clever
imitations In machine work are offered
in this class. The woman who wishes to
mak* her own curtains can get machine
made all-over English eyelet work at
$150 a yard and Inset it with filet lacel
Insertion, also machine-made, which \u25a0 \?f
rot more expensive than the torchon or
antique. These very faddish . curtains-,
however, are not a standard style and
.the bbbbinets. set off by guipure. Cluny
, and Arabian and • antique lace, are still
• in favor among conservative furnishers. :
"n r 1 'f I liW'WitiJlill 111 Ji «Hll» hW i''lU Ifciii 111 I I Ull Iti \u25a0 n* \u25a0\u25a0ri'lMliM — i— mm MBNEGLIGEES
FOR THE
HOLIDAYS
Many Novelties Are Promised
In Christinas XfKllgi'c* and
There Are Great Xiffhffngrale
Meeve», Lovely Far-trimmed
Tea Gown*. Deautlful Robes,
tilth Cnelisb Eyelet Em
broidery, and Handsome Vel
vet Ileat-Awlille Gowns.
AUGUSTA PRESCOTT
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.
f< yr yn *\ HAT do you want for
\ A / Christmas?" asked a hus-
V W band of his wife.
*\u25a0 *" -Til take a negligee."
said she.
Tiie result was a trip to a department
More and the purchase of the prettiest
:::ir.g In crepe de chir.e that could be
bought. It was in turquoise blue, piped
with, cherry and trimmed with torchon
and Renaissance, the two laces being
combined in a striking manner by ap
plying one on top of the other.
Queen Alexandra has placed an order
with a French costumer for a negligee.
She has given i\lm carte blanche to
produce tne finest tea gown ever built
.-«: a. -«:a a. Paris dressmaking establishment.
jj The details have not yet leaked out,
\ \it the materi&l is to be a pink velvet,
. «sry th;n and very soft,- and its only
i rimming will be a great deal of En
glish *yelet embroidery, which will
adorn the foot of the skirt, going all
around the train, while up the front
ihere will be a double panel.
The yoke, shoulderettes and front
will be one mass of the English eyelet
work, and thus the Queen of England
will be dressed in a negligee the like
of which has never before been pro
duced, for it is on lines original and
::i colors new.
The English eyelet embroidery of the
season is done in several tints. The
eyelets, as you know, are punched, so
to tpeak, into the material, and are
then worked precisely as one worked
the flannel petticoats of forty years
hgo. Indeed, one employs the old-fash
ioned embroiderers to do the work.
Ther« are some small decorations
Fuch as swirls of embroidery and cir
cles and semicircles of silk that are
new. But the great mass of t,he work
is eyelet work and life holes are done
in silks of various colors, thus making
a beautiful trimming of fine embroid
ery.- It is done upon cloth, silk and
velvet.
Queen Alexandra.-; daughter .Victoria
Ss to have a peignoir, which, for origi
nal lines, can be highly recommended,
for It is to l>e made of ice green taffeta
.primmed with Renaissance lace. The-
WiMlrt and the blouse are of the taffeta,
»Hth narrow ruffles of the lace, and
over this there is a coat made entirely
of piece lace with a ruffle of lace ex
tending all around it. A dash of color
is given the costume by a large bow
of ice green chiffon velvet, lined with
deep red, while the girdle is of ice
green velvet piped with red. The neck
is cut low and the sleeves are short.
This is a thing that could be made at
\u25a0 borne by any women who can new.
The Lively lons XesHgree Lines.
"What are w<; going to do with our
neck and arms?" wrote a woman to a
modiste who was making a tea gown
for her. "I notice that all the new
gowns are cut rounded in the neck,
iront and back, and that the sleeves
are elbow sleeves. This calls for
thort-sleeved and low-necked flannels
and it is a positive invitation to pneu
monia and la grippe."
The modiste replied: "iladamc, we do
not pretend to prescribe for the health
of our customers. It is all we can do
to make the gown. Fashion calls for
the low-necked house gown and the
nhort-slceved: gown and there is noth
ing we can do except to obey the dic
tates laid down to us."
The new negligees are positively
beautiful In their lines. One scarcely
sees the- old fashions at all and one
v.-ould have to look a long time for the
styles which were in vogue a very few
years ago. Those who remember the
Mother Hubbard and who recall with
enry its loose, free lines will have to
l*mk a long time for anything which
rersinibles It, for there is nothing: at all
that Is built on the ;trictly loose order.
Everything Is empire or Is gird>d,
Fhlrred, belted or \u25a0fitted to the figure.
This makes the simple tea gown a
ereat deal of work, 'for rt now needs
fitting as though it were a dinner dress.
A princess dress is one of the hand
somest things seen lately. Its founda
tion Is a" cream colored crepe de chine,
most gorgeously soft and clinging, "and
so dressy that* it might answer for a
dinner gown. It Is made on the,em
pire style, with a. very short back and
a very short front, while the hips. are
slightly fitted. The back is trimmed
with bands of Renaissance lace laid
flat across me back, while extending
from the shoulders right down to the
bottom of the train there are wide
bands of the same lace. ; ;. i
There is a touch of color seen In the
rosettes which trim this ; and, \ other
gowns, and these rosettes,; by the way,.'
ore made of apricot silk ' showing, ;a
faint touch of pink— a color" \u25a0-.always*
good «wUh everything.^ In the middle,
of each rosette there is a little knot of
red ribbon, giving 'the r whole the: ap
pearance as of a rose. "; Shaded roses
and shaded rosettes are immensely
pretty and very effective -upon house
gowns, too. .(
The. woman , who is : going: to -wear
pretty gowns this season should inter
est herself right away In the .girdle
proposition. Tho girdle \ can ..be : made
so that It looks well, upon the negligee
or thegown, or so It- can be worn with
the dinner dress or the ' street costume.
If can ; be rather broad ; in its lines and
so beautifully finished that \u25a0 it" will do
for any occasion. . ..
Girdles n'nd ' Ribbon -.' Trimmed Gowns.
A very popular girdle is'bnewhlchjis
pointed in • the front and narrow in, the
back. ; The front are : very; much
stiffened, and they are cut '.not too
sharp. The ;• girdlei,: is? made_ of { some
pretty new; material, in • • some 7 out *\ of
THE SAN" FKAXCISCO: SUNDAY CALL.
the new shades, and, speaking of girdle
shades, -there is nothing any more; at
tractive ; than .the 'dahlia tones, "which
are two* or three in number, and! make
up i admirably lln silk, . velvet, satin or
cloth.;' .'*..: ." i: .-. : .":-" '\u25a0" : '".'"'\u25a0-'
-The cloth girdle is notto'be. despised
and/ if /youvwilHlobk^a >HttleHatithe
mohairs, the pongees," the -poplins and
the'brlllia.ntiries,"you will find materials
which are just the 1 thing for the •mak
ing- of ajhandsbme/ deep -zone. :;
7 Take the i» new- silk A, pongee _. which
looks exactly like corded -' silk \u25a0 and can
be bought "for about 30 cents 'a^ yard."
It Is 'soft and ; easily folded^": It comes
in all * the : ! new tones' and iif made Into
a i girdle \u25a0 and \plped\with; ; a ; contrasting
color and decorated with small: rosettes
It , makes as handsome i a'"i trimming for
the , waist ; as '> one would want , to '\u25a0 find: \u25a0
; The "number, of ribbon' trimmed; gowns
which oneTsees : this fyear; can .; scarcely,
be I counted,; for,, they; are -so; numerous
that V they:, quite i defy ;. full I \ Inspection:
There are gowns that are trimmed vwith
masses 'of shirred ribbons.^* V: V •
. One;6f? the" loveliest ribbon dresses of
the ': season : was i. worn Iby .-\u25a0• Mrs. George
Keppel ; at ; a luncheon; given; by ; her^ In
her London ; home.the other, day. 'It was
an- 'exceedingly lrif ormalaffalr : and Mrs. 1
Keppel ;.:' wore > that * \u25a0 which*: she*;-, was
pleased to^ call* a tea gown?; Really
- was a most elaborate thing in s:ik ana
lace, profusely trimmed : with ribbon.
There were numerous ribbon roses and
there were ribbon ruffles and rosettes,
knots and bows without number. The
yoke,'; which was a pointed affair, had
the- points stitched flat, while under
neath them there ran a ribbon which
was tied in a big flat bow in the middle
of the front, while a similar bow trim
• mcd the back. Across the front of the
waist and around the foot of the skirt
were narrow ribbon shlrrlngs and the
girdle \u25a0 was a mass of puffed ribbon,
' and 'thus there was completed one of
the prettiest tea gowns of the season.
Bargains in ~2Ve.Tr Materials. - .
If you will look carefully wnen you
are - selecting" your -material you can
really .; get things that are ridiculously
cheap. 7: It does not follow that because
a- stuff Is .pretty it Is expensive,
and as an instance of this, there may
"be \u25a0 mentioned the challis of the year
which comes in the most delicate tones,
some ; of them plain, and some v figured,
and which make up into the most beau
tiful 'gowns.- •
A lovely : challis was - made in the*
orchid; shades. There was a very faint
orchid challislbackground, while upon
this background | thero were ~ ruffles of
deep .orchid* taffeta with lace falling
over, each of the ruffles. They were, by
•tho way,' accordion ' plaited, ; and they
/are deeper in .the, back than in the
front. : A; series of these flounces, , as
they; might better be palled, trimmed
the skirt up to the knees where: there.
wasva band- of Insertion to serve as, a
finish. -The - upper ' part-7-for.- It iwas a
princess j gown— was developed along (
the: same "lines. . /
'They? are. doing- a great deal jthl*
;yeaiv.\vith- ribbons in the way of;run
nings-ribbon through lace.. Take any
kind of lace, no matter 'how cheap, 1 and
runia^rlbbon through it, and youiwlll
get an- idea of what is "meant by airib
bon-trimmed lace. " •; You .'ii can choose
something which is very,: light ; and fine,'
I hot necessarily expensive,; and
you vcan ,.; run It with 1 ,: ribbon ;of ;:the
cheapest- variety. When you" have com
pleted .your "work; you will find that you
have^a trimming which' cannot "be -ex
celled \u25a0 for "delicacy and beauty., no ] mat
ter how much you may have economized
upon it. • . -'.."'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
- Mrs.'. Cornelius _ Vanderbllt ;• received
three 'lady callers the ' other \u25a0 morning
dressed ' mi ! a* charming j gown .of black
and .white/ ...The "foundation '\u25a0 was :\u25a0 ,"a
black) crepe de . chine, • .'and/.,' upon, this
there .were black ', taffeta ruffles, . while
over i each ruffle . there ] fell- a trimming
of lace: run -with narrow : ribbons. , ; This
style 5 , of ?. trimming ;Is one *of the very
prettiest that can '- be ' seen ' this season.
Making Your Lace Look Like Real.
v*;Ttiere Is : always something new to be
told v about? lace, and ; a French modiste
the % other .Jday4 quite*, voiced 'the senti
ment of the season when she said: "We'
are I trimming; almost : exclusively with
lace, <= and '} from '? experience we '.''-\u25a0 have
! learned -; howi. to" use ;• our < lace '\u25a0': so that
f it : shows ; tq' best advantage. - ;
v^ "There ; was" altime,'*/ said she. -"when
cheap' lace • looked ' like cheap lace, but
this year It is quits different. All laces
look like the real, and it Is only very
extravagant . women who are willing:
to invest money for tho high-priced Im
ported varieties. They much prefer to
buy tho Imitation and trust to skill to
conceal the fact that It is not the true
article.
"There are tricks In all trades, and
particularly in that of tho dressmaking:
trade. This yeax modistes art- studying
lacea with a vt»w to making them
look twice ' as expensive as they real
ly are. To say thac we succeed Is not
claiming too much for pur skill. A few
instance ; of this will serve to convince
the most skeptical that I know what I
am talking about. I have transformed
laces in tho most wonderful' manner.
, "It was only yesterday that one of
my best customers, came to me with a
strip of lace about eight inches in width
and perhaps six yards' long". '1 am anx
ious,' said she, to have a lace Counce
which shall look precisely like the real.
-1 bought this lace lor 6u cants a yard,
and nowl would like to havo it trans
formed Into a lace V7hleh shall look
like * something "costinc a great deal
more.'
"I 'took the lace In my hands and ex
amined it. It was «. very cheap imita
tion Valenciennes, and oa inspecting it
closely I came to the conclusion that its
only merit was that it was. very thin,
for, if it had been a coarse Italian
Valenciennes, I could have done noth
ing whatever with it.
" 'Leave the lace with me, madam,' I
said, "and I will see what I can do.'
"When, she had gone I took dome old
chiffon which I happened to have on
hand, and. 'working on it very cautiously,
I lined, the lace with the chif
fon... Then I made a ruffle of cream
colored taffeta and over this I placed
th# lined lace. Finally I shirred the
whole In such a manner that the lace
made a little heading along the top
of the flounce, and. so, I set the ruffle on
the skirt." i;arranged it rather scantily
in front andfullin the back, and when
I had finished you would , have declared
that the gown was trimmed with a
hundred dollar lace flounce, so good
was 'the deception. % ;-: /
"The dress, which, by the way, was
a negligee, could be worn until dinner
time. It bad a long lace coat which
had once been made of plain white
: summer embroidery.. It was made out
of -English 1 eyelet embroidery of the
cheapest . variety, but I took It and
washed all the stiffness out of It, after
which I dipped it In coffee, giving it
an 'even tone. ' Then I - lined it with
deep white organdie and around the
MAKING OF PERFUMES
OFTTIMESthe question Is asked:
"Why are perfumes so expensive?
Not .long ago a well dressed
woman went : Into a drug store
and ; asked for Persian orchid/ a
scent the delightful fragrance of which
she had recently discovered. The per
fume was produced, and she .was some
what astonished to find that her cash
ier's check for an. ounce bottle of it
read:"sB.' ; , For a moment she was in
clined to think the clerk had made a
mistake and when she asked for an ex
planation of the cost she learned some
thing, about the manufacture of per
fumes, which she' had never known be
fore To begin with, the Persian orchid
is an exceedingly rare 'flower and when
grown in the. Eastern ; greenhouses
readily, brings a price of $40 : a dozen.
It ;ls A not ; from these ; blossoms that \u25a0 the
perfume ; is made, however.' The gather
ing of orchid flowers -In" their" native
haunts isV attended with considerable
danger, and .expense and it • requires an
astonishing -number, of. blooms, to pro
duce ; a.very. little 'bit >f the essence
from -which the tcommerclal product is
made, 'yiolet,'^ rose and' other.- more,
common rr * varieties iof perfume are. by no
means , cheap." because of the^ fact that
so. many: flowers are '\u25a0; used in preparing
the essential oil or the essence in solid
form. • \u25a0 \u25a0
; ;The 1 "\u25a0 process* by^whlcjtrthol^tal^. a^e
edge I set a ruffle of cheap lace. A fichu
draped the neck and was caught at the
front with a big bow of prune colored
velvet. You would have sworn that
It was an embroidered peignoir, cost-
ing not less than $500. Indeed, I have
Imported many a on* which coat a
great deal more."
The experience of this modiste is
quite a common one, for all dressmak
ers will tell you that they are using all
their skill tula year to so handle lace
which is give** to them that it will look
like a very expensive variety. You can
actually deceive your best friend in
this respect.
Lace is made elegantly deceptive In
one of several ways, the most common
of which is that of lining the lace. It
is lined with chiffon, with organdie.
mull, tulle, eery thin taffeta or crepa
<!e chine. Another device Is to tint the
lace and a third and much more ele
gant one Is that of embroidering the
lace by hand. Any apprentice nearly
can do It. - -
To embroider cheap lace, take a
slcein of deep red silk and run around
the figures quickly and loosely, using
a running stitch. Now follow this first
chain of silk with another one, this
time using a tint as nearly like gold
as you can obtain. Next let your silk
be cream colored, and finally usa a very
dull brown. This wi!l give you quits
an Oriental effect, and one which you
will like very much.
Something About tbe »w Sleeve*.
Tho nightingale sleeve is worn *
great deal upon the tea gown, for It Is
comfortable and pretty, and It can b«
made at home, which Is a great thins
in its favor. If you have an old sleeva
rather large and flaring at the hand,
you can slit It right up to the shoulder,
letting it fall wide open. Nolw you will
v/ant to make a series of big eyelet
hole 3, through which you can run rib
bons, so that they will tie in little bows
on top of the arms, or if you do not
feel equal to the task of making the
eyelet holes you can take rings nicely
embroidered and sew them to the
sleeve, after which you can run ribbons
through these rings.
For the opera these aleeves must b«
lined with silk and trimmed with fur.
One lovely pair of sleeves had silk puffs
pulled out between the ribbons, but for
the house they are open, so as to show
the shirtwaist underneath, or. what is
prettier .'stiil. the bare arm. And thus
the peignoir Is complete.
There is a negligee sleeve which Is
two yard 3 wide and made of Oriental
silk. It is a great success, for It Is
becoming to all arms, both thin and fat.
robbed of their sweetness are three.
Two of these produce the essential oil
and tho third produces the solid. In tha
firit, a broad sheet of plate glass Is
used. This Is spread thickly with pura
grease and covered with freshly gath
ered petals. As they wilt in the sun.
they are replaced by others until the
grease has absorbed all the fragrance
it will hold. This grease will hold the
scent almost indefinitely, and when aa
much as possible has been removed
from. it. It is still so fragrant that It
brings a high price. It is used In the
manufacture of the most expensive
scented toilet soaps. According to the
second process th« petals are infused
In oil, 'a long, and tedious procedure.
The third method employs ether, in
which the petals are infused until all
their fragrance „ has left them. This
ether is then distilled and the solid pro
duct which .is left Is worth consider
ably more than Its* weight in gold. It
commonly sells" for about $200 an ounce,
and it is worth all it costs, for It Is by
far the best of. three processes.
- Cheap perfumes are not derived from
the living flowers, but are compounded
of chemicals which are supposed to be
identical with the chemicals found In
the'flowers. The formula for any given
perfume is found by analyzing the solid
_product- of the other process. Yet the
Vesulting perfume Is not the sam*. Just
where .'the .difference lies no one can
determine. Nature has a way of guard
lag her secrets.CHRISTMAS GAMES FOR CHILDREN
'Twcs th»> n.'eht before OirUtiha^-.,'; ..i."; -
When ail tbro-jffh the house.
Not a crestur* ws« stlrrlnr,' ' - •.
Not even a nio'-ee.
FANCY such a state of affairs thsse
days if you can. Just try- to : im
agine the nljbt before Christmas
. being as «:'jiet and serene as all
that. Everybody, down to the
baby mouse, might have been consider
ate enough to give Jsanta Claus . half a
chance, but that must have been long,
long ago, for certainly nowadays he Is
forced to sneak In through the chimney
the best way he can. . \u25a0
The good old fashion of cracking, nuts
before a roaring fire, watching It slowly
fade and die, and then every one from A
to Z hanging v:» their stockings Is a
thins of the past. It's by far too tame
for the youngsters of to-day , and they
would consider such a Christmas UUle
short of a calamity.
They don't know what fun it is to hang
on the ragged edge of the bed listening
to every round and to slip out and tip-"
toe into the living room, thinking *nd
hoping to catch jolly o)d Nick In the
middle of his visit. They don't >now
what it is to fairly pinch themselves to
keep awake in order to hear the tiny
patters of the ralndeer as they glide over
the roof to the chimney or to get' up
before it Is light to talce a first peep and
to make such a noire that the house,
family and all fairly comes down about
iljeir ear*.
No, such simuJe pleasures belong to an
other day and in place have coaie dances,
dinners and parties and a hundred and
one amusements that keep them m a
whirl of excitement and that sends them
home groaning with burdens that they
know full weil come from other than
the jolly old man who makes merry the
holiday season. - '\u25a0..'••
Of course, Christmas trees' are stin
used to delight the heart of little, folks,
but they must be wee people, for nearly
all the pretty traditions and stories have
long :-:inco been exploded and it Is only
the baby who claps her little hands and
cries with jjlee when the doors are
thrown onen and the tree is seen In all
its twinkling splendor.
It is such a pretty notion and means
Eiicb a deal of fun trimming . and ar
ranging it that many are loth to really
give It up, so a new frill has been added
that gives it a touch of the. novel and
brings it well v? to time.
Dancing round the Maypole has al
ways afforded any amount of pleasure,
both to the dancers and the. spectators,
and it suddenly dawned upon a clever
woman that it ought to work quite as
well In winter as in summer and she
forthwith borrowed the streamers and
rigged up her tree Maypole fashion".
Of course, she didn't borrow much more
than the suggestion, for pale pinks, blues
and whites that blend with apple and
peach blossoms look sadly out of place
In a bower of glowing berries arid"shin
ing mistletoe. On top of the tree' she
placed a merry little clown, who nearly
broke his back bowing and scraping . to
the ' throng from his lofty-, position.
One hand held the red and green satin
streamers and jingled the tiny folly bells
that bordered both edges. The rest of the
tree was quite the same as any other.
When the children came tumbling ln T
to the room she lined them up and told
them that when she rang a bell they
were to scramble for; the streamers,
which were all of different lengths, and
that they were to dance in a- winding
fashion about the tree until the music
ceased. At that signal they' were to
drop their streamer and catch another
end be ready to dance in the opposite
direction. Owing to the long and short
ends and the scramble every two or
three minutes some one would.be bound
to work nearer and nearer' the tree un
til the streamer would be too high 'to
hold conveniently, and . this was the
lucky one to win the prize that hungin
plain sight but just out of reach of all.
You sec her idea wasn't so awfully
new, but It was new enough t& cause
t-peculation.^and that In itself jla "some
thing these days. • -." .
Musical .games scera ., stronger this
year than they have ever been before,
and when they are played; with a prize
in view it lends a zest that is impossi
ble to gain otherwise. For instance;,
take the game of musical chairs. .If
ten are to play nine chairs- are .placed
in a row. alternately facing:; in and, out.
When the music begins aM Snarch", sOl-,
c-mnly about, keeping a vigilant efe- on
the player and the nearest chair, '.' toy
woibttide the unfortunate' who isn't
paying strict attention when the march
suddenly ceases. It's one errand' scram
ble and a hurried flop, and, of course,
one person finds himie.f out in the cold.
Each lime the music stops the chair is
removed, so that there Is always one
more In the game than there are chairs.
Naturally the one to. hold the 'final chair
is declared the winner.
All children love to act and nothing
pleasts them more than charades or
tableaux. Especially those that', de
mand costumes, fov they thoroughly
enjoy peacocking about and* ira iking
small exhibitions off themaelved. And li.
really isn't so very much trouble or* ex
pense either. Nearly every one, lias a.
bay or swell window and a smallTpldt'
form roughly put together and covered
with a convenient rug does beautifully
lor a stage. The curtain may be a
Japanese screen, and if" the" house
doesn't possess such an article, the
clothes rack borrowed from the ?Jauri
dry and covered, with burlap" answers
quite as well. In- fact, sometime* far
better, for it fs nearly always" larger
in every way ar.d gives the miniature
actors more space to fuss and feather
in./ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•'}.- . \u25a0/. \u25a0 :
Another rattling good amusement is
the shadow pantomime, and if the stage
manager understands his business the
whole tfcing is simplicity itself. Stretch
a' large sheet across the folding doors
and make: the two just meet so ' the
linen will be firm and tight. Nexi
sponge it lightly and evenly with water,
for it is exasperating if the shadows
nre anything but distinct and ' strong.
One fandle, about a foot from the floor,
is plenty of light, and, of course, the
audience room should be dark. A bell
rings, the doors are parted, the reader
begins' and the performance is on.
Anything that requires rehearsals is
always more fun than a barrel of mon
3:eys, v for each meeting brings forth its
own/pleasures and often times im-
promptu affairs have a snap and a go
that are entirely missing at something
carefully planned.
Uttle people - always appreciate the
unexpected and the mysterious and for
this' reason' the j Christmas grab-bag
rieVer fails to contribute Its full portion
of 'sport. Generally the # "bag;" is a box,
nio.re.ly for the sake of convenience,
and it ought to be brimming full of
queerly shaped parcels done, 'up in all
\u25a0manner of fantastic shapes and colors.
Every one is given a peep and allowed
lo figure out where some particularly
desirous parcel is located and then the
blindfold is securely fastened and the
victim $3 turned , around a couple of
times and started on the way rejoicing:.
Once there no peeping and no fingering
is permitted and nine times out of ten
the very bundle marked to be carefully
avoided. Is the one that seems lo slip
into the way and is lifted happily from
its resting place.
Anything that carries out the com
petitive idea and promises a reward is,
always jolly and these days when all
the youngsters In the land can give
their fathers and mothers cards and
spades. In dancing It is a shame not to
give them* an opportunity to show what
they. really can do in that line. Cos
tume dancing is - always fetching, but
as' if entails more or less expense, is
not as 'popular as the ordinary steps
that call' for a billow of fluffy lace and
a few showy ribbons.
~ Now that the Dutch clog, the Spanish
waltzes and the minuet are so much
in vogue an evening of character
dances is a fine and dandy one for gay
little peop :e for it . keeps their heels ; as
bu6>\ as' their heads, and: for; the : time
being, at least, they are out " of mis
chief. " - . /
•THE^SAN^FRANeiSeO-T SUNDAY- CALL.
\u25a0 All costumes cost, of course, pretty
much what' we. care to'put into; them;
but 'inexpensive fabrics frequently
make UD'as • daintily and nriMiiv n«
stiff , ' Silks and ; satins.' : The Spanish and
Italian : frills ' and "•'. furbelows must r_ of
necessity bY light and fluffy and while
q - nrot'tv" \u25a0nt«.r«* of China- silk. ls . the best
material, tarlton is quite as showy and
there is a vast difference in. the price.
The same holds good with the quaint,
old-fashioned minuet frocks. Stiff
satin ; really is the only fabric that gives
the prim, sedate look that should ac
company , the customary \ wealth of
white-curls, but if It is not to be had.
satin , and a daintily flowered cretonne
serve as a splendid substitute, and the
effect' is .quite good enough to please
ev«u the most fastidious. And really,
HINT TO HELP THE BUSY GIRL
WHEN you buy an umbrella be
sensible enough.^ to get a
good-sized one that won't
permit drippings on your
' - shoulders and skirts.
"When youbuy a pair of rubbers get
hose that come up well on your feet
i.nd protect them, rather than the
itrap sandal, which is only of use to
vomen who can pick their steps as
hey go along." ; 1-1-.
When you are fixing your sklrta over
nake one of suitable length for a rainy
ivy so that your ankles will not get
vet. . %*£-;'"
Eat suitable food for your luncheon
allier thitn unpalatable things. .Choose
HOE TO SAVE YOUR BARBER BILL
ONLY experience can teach the art
of ' shaving-. Unfortunately this
comes.to all so late in life that
against we have learr.t to shave
much, unnecesary agony has been
indured— agony which might v.ell \u25a0 have
ieen saved had we. In the .words of the
)U1 proverb, learned to shave on other
people's beards. ' ;"-
To commence with, -\ lt> i.i; of i prime im
tortance ty* well wash the face in soap
md -cold water .'and M dry J ItY thoroughly
mmcdiately .: before applying -the: lather."
Chen v the; more = the .face is lathered and
he thicker . the lather ''\u25a0 is, the : easier will
>e; the shave.
Many people find, that warm water for
having causes a tender skin; they should
ise cold water.; As a fact, the large ma
orlty... of ]' r people . '• never use . hot -. water
it ';, all for x this ; : purpose. It-, ls? easier; to
shave ' immediately on -? leaving the bed
or ; bath) ; , than-, at * any other, time .-. of ; the
say.- The shaving brush .when" being put
while satin Is lovely, it seems alm<>,t
foolish to put so much money into a
frock to be worn but once or twice at
the most, and . doubly so during the
holiday season when every sou should
be spent to the best possible advantage.
The Small folks of the day do not
appreciate all that is done for their
amusement and pleasure. They accept
a dinner or a cotillon quite as a mat
ter of course, and It is no unusual sight
to see a ball room filled with children
from five to fifteen years of age. all In
the correct evening dress, circling
about to the best music that money
can procure. Even the babies are
grown up and It takes a deal of novelty
to • tickle their jaded little brains. In
one way, they should be free from
blame, too, for climate has much to do
with sports and It Is a shabby trick of
the weather man to deprive any one of
a jolly, good snow storm at Christmas
time, ' for tbat In Itself usually keeps
things fcummla*.
bread and meat rather than sweets. ;
Make your room, even if it i 3 but a<
hall* room, pleasant and sweet and!
have your girl friends In to see you;
often to enjoy it.
Try not only to say but to think I
what is kindest and most pleasant
about people.
Rid' your brain of the silly, ideas
that j some special favors are shown to
some girls and that there is a clique!
against you. "Watch the other work-]
ers and you will be very apt to dis-<
cover that special favors shown result]
from their being good workers and j
from their employers recognizing that<
the one who merits It deserves con- ]
slderation-and praise. <
away should be left with the lather on It.
The , razor, Is the thins, however/that
needs the most attention- Remember, it
is nofc a smooth blade, as the unscientific
Imagine, but a fine saw. as any one who
troubles to place It under c. strung mag
nifying lens can ascertain for himself.
Such being the case, it Is insufficient to
rake over the face. It should be moved
In a sawing manner, either from toe to
heel , or heel to toe. as the special beard
operated- on may demand. . Those In
doubt -.should 'try both ways, and a sec
ond's experience of each will show which
Is " preferable.' The blade, should be held
nearly; flat .to' the face, because it 13
more • efficacious in this position and Is
less likely to damage the skin. If the
skin is drawn -as tightly as p.:>*«lb:e with
the left hand the hairs will /be forced
out and razed at a lower level than
otherwise. • . '
C In stropping the razor the back must
never be raised from the. strop and the
pressure should be on the bad and not
on T the edge.These Are
the Lucky
150 Prize
Winners
in the Puzzle
Contest of
December 3.
are the names of the lucky
J 150 prize-winners in the puzzle
j contest of December 3. which
I represented the names of the dif
ferent colors Been In an artist's
paint box:
Max Hill. Mountain View; Bertha
Alexander, box 65. Healdsburg: Stuart
Coulter. Sausallto; Dalnar Deveningr.
Kliddletown; C. XV. Frazier. 2731 X
street, Sacramento; Harvey Taylor,
Occidental, Sonoma County; Lila Cur
tlss, R. D. No. 2. Healdsburg; Gladys
Hinman, Vacaville; Charlie Steele,
Marshall;- Ha2el Merchant, Vacaville;
Cloe Brown, S2S Sacta street, Vallejo;
4 12 va Browne, 962 Sixty-third street,
Oakland; Gertrude Donze. 414 East
Victoria street. Santa Barbara; Cora
Brown. S2S Sacta street. Vallejo; M. O.
Squires, box 96, Calistogra; H. M. Blan
ton. box 963, Winters; Tillie Warden.
515 D San Rafael; May Porter,
V,*Tdi. Xev.; Ola Thurber, 20 Sycamore \u25a0
street. Santa Cruz; Marie Levey." 120
South Pilgrim street, Stockton; Edwin
!?rash. -IZ Union street, Napa; Emma
Mfcyer. R. D.. Haywards; Leoleon Mill
ingrton, Yorkville; M. Morgan, box 626.
Ljfvermore: Edwin Meyer, 1536 Verdi
street, Alarneda; Clyde McCready, Ber
rc-tta, Sonoma County; O. M. Myers,
Belmont; Herbert Rines, Penngrrove.
Sor.oma County; Amy "Wickersham.
Dos Palos; Eugenia McCabe. Volta;
Bella RamaJho. Pleasanton; O. Rob
injson, Gridley; Dorothy Wyville,. 2222
<c?itral avenue. Alameda; Dora Brink.
Lakeport; \\*ard Grant. 217 Mission
street,; San Rufael; Jennie Van Horn,
general delivery. San Jose; "Warren
Beckley, ttl B Fourteenth street. Sac
ratnento; Lysle McKeany, Tracy; Nell
Rasmussen, .Marshall; Julia "U'alsh,
Forestville; Alva*Cooper, Concord; Be
atrice Miner, 126 hi Liberty street, San
Francisco; Ruth Brown, box 216, Lodi;
Luja Bacon. 1014 Oak street. Napa;
Anita Breitenbash, box • 68. So
noma; Ortis Folsom, Forestville;
Mazie Davidson, 801 Louisiana street.
Vallejo; George Willis. CCS North
Madison street. Stockton; Archie Ficker,
/ box 27, Mlddletown; E. C. Pendleton, 2157
" Addison street, Berkeley"; George L.
. Smith, Lpdi; Ethel Niblett, 4418 Twenty
third street, San Francisco; Ralph
Prather. Fairfield; Ruthella Bollard,
Grafton; Lucy. Drew. 1230 Seventh street.
East Oakland; Natalie Glrard, 626 East
Twenty-third street, Los Angeles; Katie
Nichols. Yreka; LdlUe Col\in, 617 Xapa
street. Vallejo; Howard Willis, Winters;
Alice Gray. 1530 Prince street. South Ber
keley; Myron Nisscn, box 516. Salinas; C. .
Trier, Clements; AJva Hurst, Tracy;
James Friedberger, box 1, Clements;
Elmer' Edgar; 222S Telegraph avenue;
Berkeley; Theodora Howe, box 259,. San
Diego; Claire Bender, 2615 I street, Bak
ersSeld; Helen Kahny, Redding, Shasta
County; Carroll Hixon, iYuba; Henry
M. Kamara, box 4, Martinez; Leola
Veale. Martinez; Allison Rouse, £04 Gos
hen avenue, .Visalia;_ Cora Whitson,
Mountain View; Bernice Brown, Visa
lla; Freva' Fcllotte, R. D. No. 4, Santa
Rosa; Seymore Smith, SS3 South Fifth
\u25a0 street, San Jose; Grace Meylert, box 75.
Pacific Grove; Let ha Adair, box 638, Pa
cific Grove; Margaret Hoefer, 2703 Mari
posa* streetr Fresno; Ellenore Watson. 193
Sudden street.' Watsonville; James Cork,
Palo Alto; Jennie Johnson, i*sl Arlington
averse, Oakland; Otto, Smith, Lodi; *
Elliot Knox, Livermore; Margaret Mac
| Donald, box 42, Roseville; Hartson Wey- ,
) man, Placen-ille; Ernest Brown, IX7 Pa
cific avenue. Alameda; Gertie Wire,
Douglas Flat; Ida Henderlong, 2404 X
street, Szcramento: Gertrude Thomas, IS
Vicksburg. street. San Francisco; Frankie.
Murray, Rcss; Ray Larrabee. Richmond;
Irene Klemmer. 515. Napa street, Vallejo;
Beatrice McCJurkin, 513 Solano avenue,
Los Angeles; Edna Buttclman, 136 Elev
enth:- street, San Francisco; Augusta
Leavitt, 800 Pacific avenue.. Alameda; R.
Chrtsman, box 373, Clements; Leslie
Frese, box 253 Lodi; Charles Beck, Oro
viile; Kate Ooburn. Yreka; Elsie Stipp,
Ukiah; Pearl Kaylor, 401 Main street,
Martinez; Evea Butts, 663 Eremen street,
Petaluma; Laurie Ward, Fruitvale; Lil
lie Ward. 104 Capitol street, Salinas; Ar->
lir.g Coulware, Newman; Daisy Miller, 6
BJrch avenue, San Franc'sco; x Tlllie
Munce. IT2I L street, Fresno: George" Ban
croft, box 134. Kingsburg; Ralph Rehorn,
10G9 S strt'et. Fresno; Arna Mem. CO Dor
lard Fttttt, San Francisco; Amy Wildes,
Carson, Nev.; Leslie Collins, box 441,^ Hay-' ,*
wards; MalKl Hulb, Los Gates; Georgb .
Ward, Port Costa; Olive Locey. C2l.Te,n-.
ncs?ce Etreetj Sr.n Francisco; Elsie Berg
wall. 217 Vil^inia street, Vallejo; Mac
Manuel. Mercury; Lulu Steventon. 337
Twenty-ssvcnth etrcet. San Francisco;
Ensma Jtshkc, 454 Savoy street, Los An
geles; Stanley -Curtis, BenJcia; Gertrude
Pelz. ils Diamond street, gan Francisco; -
Horace Rice,' 32S Sixth street; San Rafael;
Carrie J.-*;kson, Woodland; Fred ; Ritchie,
C2l» Petaiun:^ avenue. San Rafael; „ Edna
Daley. "22 : Eureka street. San. Francisco;
.-4'aftii Alia?i, 1116 Castro street, San Fran
\u25a0 Ascj; Florence Wailfer.". Mercury;" Bates,
jy& kson, ' box " 21," . Petaluma ; Miriam A.j
Jor.ts. Martinez; Jeant Meddaugh, -Lake
port; Donald McKimmon, Dixon; "Joe Ya- \u25a0
gcr, IC Sixth "street. ChlcO;-"MyTt!s -John-""
THE" " SAN* :FRANGISGdKSUNDAY ' CALL.
NAME PUZZLES
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
! California In the home of tfce. arttiitlc temperament air right, all right! ..\
\,. If It isn't, will somebody kindly rise and explain how it Is that so many' bo j- si anil- girls knoiT the names
of all the colors In uu artist's paint bok't/ - -}'< > y ~. ' ' \u25a0'.^ \u25a0 ;\u25a0* \u25a0 -\u25a0. " . :> '
, .. Why— so ninny of (brm gucisrcT those paint-box pnzxles, the lucky winners of •11 hlch are printed, to-day,
that the Postin'asler hr.il to *end'thc. answers up In. a wngon. If he didn't',, the Puxxle Editor would like to
\u25a0 know how those bushel* of letters addressed -to him got to .the ' Sunday Call office. \u25a0'-- '
'\u25a0 ' This week, the puzzles , are — cr — ah!— nheni — they are about drinks, and the-I'uzzlr Editor thinks that per
\u25a0\u25a0.:;hnps \u25a0 the 'boys; and- jjlrls- who -want to ; griicss them hud' better get papa to help them out, just n little.
. • What :do 'you think ; übout It?" ;. . ' - ' . - • 1 )
Thin week (!i« little pu/zlc (ilcttircs oa ttii page represent 'the names of different drinks,' some of which
, are tempc-racee, drink.v-^-and . Home of which are not; . and to -win the beautiful books you need only write down
'•the names, of , them. You needn't drink them. '"• . ' "\u25a0' "'*_'. ;.' s '~ - '
I Here nre. *ome particular points to "hear in mind.' ALWAYS ' DE ABSOLUTELY CEUTAIX THAT YOU"
> GIVE ' YOUK ,, ADDKESS nod liECIBLY, for several dozen books have been returned because of In.
> correct 'ndurcswes. *; So If your -; nnnie: tinsi .'published and yoii "'; did" not . receive a boob, please write to the
; l'uizle K«Jltor. .' :' '\u25a0" .'..-/..
>"•' iTIIERIJ AHEjOXEIIUXDHED A XD FIFTY I^IIZES. aod thlx In nrbat you must do to win one nt thrmi
>, Solve the nutiiea of the different ; kinds of .drinks represented above, nail write" them*ont In the space oppo
' site the " proper correspondiusr" number provided for the purpose In the coapoa on this page, as per directions;/
; ' nil in tl«c coupon with yoiir name and nddress and sive: the. priieiyou deslre-^-If you win — and send the coupon
\ r to the '" KDITOIi; OP 'THE * ; \AME PUZZLE ', PAGE, Sunday Call, San -Franc! jco, Cnl. _ f .
'" \u25a0'\u25a0_. aEMIJAIUEH-— To' th«^ FIRST ONE" HUJTDKED ;; AXD tKIFt K1FT V . BO YS :AA d Gl lt li who solve the six puules ;
J correctly.; one of these r ONE HUJfbIIED AJTD FIFTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZE S will- be awardcS.' .
> And don't, forget this next point, because' It Is .'very f iuiportanti AL L A.\.S\VE!IS 'JIUST HEACU ; THIS
I OFFICE BY; I^KIDAY'XOOPf. ..This Sives all ;thos"e In the country an equal chance to • competed Keaii everj
jV thine oa -this pace, to ;be sure '. that you, overlook nothing that will help you to win a prise. ;. , :'
[ THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE I'UULISHED IX. THE SUNDAY CALL TWO WEEKS /
; FROM TO-D A Y, DECEMBER 81.
; These larr the. BEA.UTIFUL BOOKS froui which. you may choose If yon solve all the puzzles correctlyt •
i ' ; /"Adventurers? of '/aVßr^ .'•Blith'edale tltomaince,** :IIaw;: IIaw
; thornci^«Brac'clirldse';l^H,'* Urging'; Ralph ;Connbr| "The Chimes," • DlckenMj - "CltrUtleV O'<T Or
> \u25a0 Ban»7 {O'l XV" Walton j .WA. W A iDosrof . Flanders'," 'Otiida; VFa'ry Land 'of {Science," •' AT'vß. -.Buckley; r "Honse ; ; 'of/;. Seven
' Gables t^Uanthbriiei < "Master?, of :'\u25a0 Uallrntrne," '.Z Stevenson} . **The Light 'of' Assla," E. Arnold j;V "Prince of : the
I"* Hoii«e">' of J David,*! j \u25a0"> "Tancrlewood v 1v 1 Tales,^..?- Ha wthorne; ;. "Uncle v.Toni's Cabin*?^ Stone;.^Tom r Brown's
! School ; rrtiy-V! bT." H jtshes; ; '-Tiro :; Years? Before Ulic^Maiit," ' Dana ;' "A IIar» thorae; "Vie. The Au
;'.' tobiOßraplty ° r i^^a .FoxlTcrrier," ; Marsh "jl.'.'A'f Flue Storj'^for "Boys,'V! H. Alser.'".-**^- •'-\u0084*' '•" f ", .,
. . . .- -..'\u25a0>•\u25a0-..•'.\u25a0'.*\u25a0 J : -"';- <\u25a0'" '-\u25a0-\u25a0>\u25a0'.. \u25a0,' ".«>':,«
i\, s6h,S"U*heatland;; Marion Walton; t Lincoln;
IV Powell,- Hay wards': -' Harriet ..'Fletcher^
y^62^ Pine- street,* SanlaiCrui'.tM.iS.,' Mason,
- Edna;^EverettV King? ':619>Nbrth^Madl^ph
vS street,' Stockton ; A.; M.i O'Brien,- Belmoiit;
*T" RtisSell -Burns;-, 7 815- -Minna -*V street^ San
- Francisco: 2 Eugenia -Levy. .1052 Geary, ..
sstreet,5 street," San 3 Franclscq":r_S. Dolhegiiy , 320 ",'
\u25a0;\u25a0 Clipper f street;'; Sah^Francisco;,- Jilsle^ilc-^-
1333. \u25a0Howardj ttreet^' San =Franf:
?'cisco; *. Florence /Alton,*? P.'iO.'S dox 5 63,^ San
Edgar.'; Israel,"! 625*; Octavla'f street, ;
SaniFrar.ck'co;. Violet I-Inley, 524 Twenty
second "street," Sail Francisco;' Kliner Pin- :
kerton.^Sgj^^HpVard . istrees,; San^F^ran-^'
ci^co; Thurrey'Barrett^^aTl'Goiden'Gate -'
avenue,"; Sah \i \ Francisco : .r. r 'Francis : , Mira-^
montei". Redwood." .''•"»' -V". \u25a0; - ' \u0084?,:
Solve the Puzzles.
Pill Out the Coupon v
ana rSeud It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S.F.
To Pnulf Editor, Sunday Call.
Sbb . K*rancl.ico:
Kelow la their prc?*r ' oum-
ber* pleaar find rar Molstlcr o*.
thn name* .of tfc* dlfferrn*
klnda of drink*, reprc.u-atcd Ie
thin vrcek's puxxleai
\u25a0 * a*. ............................
8a. ....... .....................
6...
*^
Name ..'. .*. . . . . . . . . . . ..........
Street or P. C... %
-
Cltf ...» ....... "••..........*
.' state ...•••• «_»•»•••»»•»\u2666••••••
If I.tv !n I caoote for prUe
(See tJ«t of PrUen.lCHRISTMAS MORNING IN THE NURSERYThe San Francisco Sunday Callno_textno_textno_textPages 37 to 46
RICH GIRL AN ISLAND QUEEN
RO7AL HONORS PAID 70 ENGLISH HEIRESS
Lady Mary Douglas Hamilton Reigns on Arran
Special Dl*Tmtch to The Gail.
LONDON. Dec. 16. — On her wild and
picturesque island kingdom of Arran.
*n the Firth of Clyde, Lady Mary Doug
las-Hamilton, the richest heiress in
the United Kingdom, has Just cele
brated her coming of age. Arran,
•n-hlch is sixty miles in circumberence
fttid contains 8000 inhabitants, all of
whom are her tenants, yields her In
r»^nts $95,000 a year. She has another
large estate in Suffolk, England, which
brings her in $40,000 a year. The two
properties cover 107.000 acres and their
combined rent rolls amount to $135,000
annually. From investments held In
trust for her she receives another
J 40.000 a year, which makes her an
nual income $175,000.
Nor is that the full measure of her
wealth. Her father, the twelfth Duke
Jt? Hamilton, who died ten years ago.
• >ft her a big fortune In cash, which,
during the nine years of her minority,
has swelled to $1,000,000. The good
fairies who presided at her. birth added
other precJous gifts. She Is good-look
ing, blessed with vigorous health and
endowed with the temperament which
l^nds Itself most to the enjoyment of
life in the fullest measure.
Tet bounteous as Is her inheritance,
the fates dealt somewhat harshly with
her wnen they decreed that she should
lie. a girl. Had she been a boy, sh«
would now represent two dukes. tw»
< Hrls, three marquises and eight bar
ons, all merged into one exalted indi
vidual; Premier Peer of Scotland and
Hereditary Keeper of the Palace of i
Ijolyrood. and her 107.000 acres would
have stretched to 150.000.
She was the only child of her
j.arent6 and they had been married
eleven years before she was born.
Grievous was their disappointment
when they found that, instead of the
long-hoped-for Mn and heir, the stork
had brought them a girl. Her father
:md mother loved her none the less for
that, though, and there was another
man who felt deeply and profoundly
grateful to her for it, the man who has
Kalned what she lost through the laws
of succession because she was a girl.
At the time of her birth he was plain
Lieutenant Alfred Douglas Hamilton
(without the aristocratic hyphen) of
the British navy. When he was born
It seemed that he hardly stood a chance
of, becoming the Duke of Hamilton. His
r.^r^Bt ducal ancestor lived in the time
ofVjromwell. He was only a fourth
cousin of the reigning, duke, and be
tween him and the latter's long string
cf titles several lives intervened. But
Death, the reaper, gathered them all
in gradually, and soon after Lady Mary
The San Francisco Call.
was born the plain lieutenant was heir
presumptive to the proudest peerage in
Scotland.-
FORTUXE DEEDED TO HER.
The Duke did not take at all kindly
to the idea of being succeeded by his
distant kinsman. He could not alien
ate the titles, but he found a grim sat
isfaction in alienating as much of the
land from him as the laws of entail
permitted and settling it on Lady Mary.
Art treasures, heirlooms, the famous
Hamilton black pearls, worth anywhere
between $150,000 and $200,000, and all
else that the law did not compel him to
leave for the lieutenant he bequeathed
to his daughter. And thus it has come
to pass that she is now the richest
heiress in Great Britain, while the
many-titled Duke has only 43,000 acres
of land, and in Hamilton Palace, the
ducal home, are many bare rooms
which were once sumptuously fur
nished.
. The absence of the Duke and his
wife from the festivities which com
memorated Lady Mary's coming of age
furnished significant proof that the par
tition' of the inheritance has left be
hind it a legacy of ill feeling oh both
sides.
But that, did not mar their brilliancy.
Not long, since the neighboring island
of Bute celebrated the majority of its
young Marquis and Arran folk were
determined to give their lady para
mount a still finer show.
There were two balls and they were
both Immense successes. The decora
tions were appropriate: the colors of
the Douglas, the cognizance and arms
of Hamilton, Angus, Selkirk and divers
other great houses whose blood runs. in
Lady Mary's veins were on every side;
huge antlered stags' heads, with .their
forest of points, the biggest of all shot
by the late Duke, a beast almost a mir
acle for size and beauty, were flanked
by many which had fallen to the rifles
of the dowager duchess and Lady Mary
herself.
If the decorations were unique the
company was no less so. There were
keepers in velveteen, flsherfolk from
Lamlash and Ranza; hillmen from Glen
Sannox and Glen Rosa; and lassies
whose manners were as pretty as their
fresh, sweet faces, but who evidently
had never been so near the "quality"
before In all their island live*.
FOXD OF OUTDOOR LIFE.
The guests included representatives
of the families most famed in Scotch
history. Most active among the dancers
was the young Marquis of Graham, heir
to the Duke of Montrose and a baker's
dozen of other titles and 115.000 broad
acres. Very kindly, if Inquisitive, eyes
SAN FRANCISCO/ SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17,. 1905.
RICHEST HEIRESS IN GREAT
BRITAIN, WHO - REIGNS ON
SMALL. ISL.E AS A QUEEN.
watched every word that passed be
tween the handsome young marquis
and the island queen. It is early yet
and Lady Mary can? aim high, but
friendly gossip has already linked their
names together, and undoubtedly the
match, would be immensely . popular In
Scotland.
Brodick Castle, the family residence
on Arran and the center of the festivi
ties,' though it lacks the- Impressive
stateliness of Hamilton Palace, is a
grand place and beautifully situated on
the wooded slopes of Goatfell. com
manding a lovely view of sea . and
mountain. In the days of Bruce it was
captured from the Ervgljsh by that he
roic chieftain. In 1844 it was restored
by Lady -Mary's grandfather, William,
eleventh Duke of Hamilton, who mar
ried Princess Mary of Baden. It is- to
day a. superb residence.- and r its roman
tic and picturesque surroundings ap
peal strongly to the, sporting instincts
of its youthfulowner. On the' opposite
side of . the island . is . Dougarie, : Lady
Mary's beautiful, shooting box, where
the King spent. a day when on a cruise
in the West Highlands four years ago.
At Easton Park, in Suffolk, she has an
other magnificent residence with sta
bling accommodation for fifty, horses.
Lady Mary so. far has been: little seen
in general society.; She Is devoted to
sport, and riding, .. hunting, shooting,
fishing and other country pursults.con
stitute her -chief ; amusements. ;, She is
a superb horsewoman and one of the
few women master of hounds In the
kingdom. She is an excellent shot, too.
ajid has been known to • humble the
self-satisfaction *of -many a : man who
thought that ; to go ,deer-stalking with
a girl 1 must* needs § mean g) rather | poor
sport ana., artificial ;( "going.''i; These
qualities endear her toithe: Islanders of
Arran,. from, whom she- receives -such
homage and affection asa: queen" might
expect. ; The men iove her "for her fear
lessness, whether -hunting or' fishing
off the i rocky coast;, the % women; for the
kind :heart which prompts her* to gen
erous ' actions daily, : f' ' \u25a0«•
NEW TITLE
GAINED BY
CONSUELO
Duchess Aids the
Church Army
in London. ...
Complimented for Work
by Head of the
Society.
Two American Peeresses in a
Social War in British
Metropolis.
Special Cable to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 16. — To the many
haughty titles which Consuelo Van
derbilt acquired by her marriage to, the
Duke of Alariborough has just been
added a new one. it Is one of which
she should feel prouder than of all her
other dignitaries combined, for she has
actually earned It. * The Rev. Wilson
Carlne, head of tiie Church Army, in
tne course of a public speech, the other
day, said that the American Duchess
was 'the 'best commercial traveler in
London lor the Church Army."
The Church Army Is modeled on lines
similar to those of the Salvation Army,
and has done more than any other or
ganization to relieve the established
church ot tne reproach that ; it neg
lects Lazafus in order to pander to
Dives. Last winter Mr. , Carhle got
tne Duchess of Marlborough to pre
side over one of his charity bazaars. A
titled dame of high degree always helps
draw the crowd, and the crowd brings
money.
The Duchess ,was not content with
merely playing the role of an aristo
cratic magnet. • In her; motor car, ; ac
companied by. Mr. Carlile; . she made . a
tour of the: various- stations of the
Church Army and saw how its work
•was .done. , : :rihe- , was.* particularly • im
presaed'rby the evidence that in all its
a epar inien t s; t h «T t go v e rnto&.t- p rlnci pie :
was that relief, wnether'inthe-^shape
of a bed- or a- meal,, should always 'be
paidfor by work income form. f : There
was no pauperizing about Jt.v .: \
PKOVKS (iOODSALESWOMAJf.;- -
The Duchess expressed her. approval
of what she saw by presenting ;: Mr.
Carllle with a checK for 'an amount
that far exceeded his most sanguine
expectations: But she ..did not stop
there. She placed a motor car at the
disposal of all her, friends and ac
quaintances whom she could induce
to visit the various centers of Church
Army activity in the metropolis. She
constituted herself an . agent for the
sale of the chief commercial products of
the Church Array's derelicts — kindling
wood.
She besought orders for it wherever
she went. It soon became understood
that the flrst essential thing to get into
the good graces- of her Grace was to
order a liberal supply of nrewood from
the Church Army. It was not long be
fore the Duchess was selling more
kindling wood for the Church Army
than anybody else in the country. as
a token of gratitude she has been pre
sented with a desk made by out-of
work cabinetmakers who had found
temporary shelter in one of the Church
Army's homes.
There is an interesting contest now
going on between two American peer
esses as to which of them shall ad
vance her husband furthest in- Lon
don's municipal life and incidentally ac
quire thereby the largest measure of
reflected glory. Lady Cheyleamore has
just had the satisfaction of seeing her
husband elected Lord Mayor of West
minster for a second term, which makes
her a Lord Mayoress for, another year.
About twelve months ago Lady Es
sex induced her husband to run for
the London County Council, and he was
elected as a member, for the borough
of Marylebone. Municipally a > County
Councilor counts for rather. more than
a Mayor of any of Us subservient: dis
tricts but it is a position which con
fers no distinction on his wife. There
fore, Lady Essex wants to see her hus
band a Lord Mayor, too. , . ,
Within the lest few weeks he. has
gone to work to make himself "solid,"
as Americans phrase it, with the
Marylebone constituency with* a view
to capturing the. Mayoralty there at
the next election. Among other things
he is displaying keen -interest in; the
Marylebone schools., and has promised
to provide halls where the children can
indulge in gymnastics and other; kinds
of physical exercise. Marylebone will
accept his gifts' with a more or less
show of gratitude, but there is small
likelihood that the Maryleboners i will
ever elect him Mayor. ' ':
In most of - the London . boroughs
democratic Ideas are in the ascend
ency and it is a' fact - that a - plebeian
stands a better chance of receiving the
highest civic • dignity that their, elec
tors can bestow -than an Earl.
Battersea ha* just \u25a0 elected a working
tailor as its Mayor. A significant;;in
dication of the new order of things is
furnished by the new - Mayor of Isling
ton, who has just announced that here
after he will dispense with that ancient
symbol of authority, the mace, and the
services of;that most Imposing and use
less of officials, the mace bearer. Eng
lish civic life is becoming more
and more a mere matterof. business; in
which titles go for nothing and abil
ity alone counts., y
Prince** Friend -of Horses.
BERLIN, Dec. 16.— The Crown .Prin
cess of Germany -has just.acceded r to
the request; of the German 'Society ;.;f or
the 'Prevention of Cruelty; to: Animals
to ; became : its \u25a0 '- patroness. :• More. • than
this, i she has been , using her , influence
to \u25a0 get .. that equine Instrument ; ' of j| tor
ture; the bearing -rein, abolished in the
royal stablest' In her;own 'it, lsnever
used and an \u25a0. 'edict"! has just ; gone \u25a0 forth
from the Kaiser; to that* effect. "His ex
ample, it is^ expected, -will* be; generally
adopted among aristocratic folk in the
Fatherland. _ _ - '^ Jj||
PEOPLE OF SPAIN EAGER
TO HAVE ALFONSO WED
The people of Spain are very anxious to see King Alfonso married, as they believe he will then
give up the dare-devil trick* of which he is so fond and which have repeatedly endangered his
life. The young ruler keeps his subjects in constant alarm by his reckless itiotoring*
Relieve Vhat Wfarriago Would !Put €nd to daredevil Vricks
Special Cubic to j The ' Call.
MADRID, Dec. 16. — Just, before
Spain's impulsive boy, King left Ma
drid on his recent tour in quest of a
bride, he made one or two notable ad
ditions to the rather extraordinary col
i lection of souvenirs which he has* spent
l the greater part of the past year in
! assembling in one of his apartments in
the royal palace. The existence of this
unique collection has been mentioned
before, but up to now. no catalogue of
its various Items, has ever been fur
nished., They consist entirely. of non
descript mementoes of the frequentoc
casions on which Alfonso XIII has seen
lit to endanger his royal existence, and
it is now . the supreme desire of the
Spanish people to keep the assemblage
of these relics from getting much
larger. k - . -; ; r
\u25a0'*; In spite of' his amazing, pranks, his
subjects are genuinely fond .of their
boy King. But, setting affection aside,
it would be uncommonly inconvenient if
"Don Alfonso," as the 19-year-old sov
ereign is generally called, should hap
pen to come to grief in one of.-. his
periodical attempts to startle the mem
; bers of. nis; suite.. Such a - calamity
would necessitate another period ;of re
gency, which the Spaniards particularly
f dread, and a lengthy one,, the present
heir apparent to the throne.; the little
! Prince of the .- Asturias, being only
i 3 years old. \u0084 .
That is why the people of Spain are
so .anxious to" see the King happily
married, j They think that, as a bene
dict and, 'subsequently,- a father, he
1 will be Inclined to take a graver view
of his responsibilities and thus • avoid
risking his life any oftener than nec
essary.
It would be a mistake, however,- to
set . King, Alfonso down for what- the
Spaniards call a "mala cabeza," or r "gid
\u25a0 dy-braln." On the contrary, he is intel
ligent, cultured and . good-hearted. But
he is really more like a boy of 16. than
one of. nearly 20. and this is undoubt
edly due to the extraordinary, amount
of liberty' he' has always enjoyed,-, the
"early fears : for Lhls health having, led
those /responsible for-,* the King, to
think considerably . more of his phy
sical than of his Intellectual develop
ment/ ' Vi'.^-T •' \u25a0
Recently while 1 at San Sebastian,
•King Alfonso sallied forth, on foot,
from his 'Villa Mlramar, in; order; to
open -an .exhibition \of paintings and
sculptures. -Crossing, with his - retinue
the | principal .' street iof '.the • town, ; he
happened to pass' by; a coffee houss be
fore which » there', was* piled a \ number
of' chairs and tables/composed of metal.
Pages 37 to 46
It.' suddenly occurred ' to " the King to
leap over this heap of furniture, which
was pretty high, eight or ten of the
pieces being placed one upon the other.
Alfonso XIII made a running jump
and passed over \u25a0 the whole lot, ex
cepting the topmost table, .which for
tunately fell to the ground, otherwise
his Majesty might have broken his neck
or a leg. Probably moved by a feeling
ofgratltude toward this table the King
bought it and had it sent home to en
rich his collection of souvenirs.
It is almost' superfluous to speak of
King Alfonso's hair-raising excursions
in his automobile, so much having al
ready been -told about them, but it may
be \u25a0 remarked , that in continuing his
furious "runs" the King has disregard
ed the suplications of both his mother
and the members, of- his Government.
Proceeding \u25a0 from San Sebastian to
Bilbao, in his automobile/ Alfonso XIII
traveled at, a speed of nearly sixty
miles an hour. The - automobile In
which the Minister . of Public Instruc
tion, Senor Mellado, followed, had nec
essarily .to go at the same velocity in
order to keep. up with his Majesty. At
a certain turning •in tfte road, both
automobiles ran off the highway and
fell into a ditch, where, striking
against some trees, they were shat
tered. • : ' -
The Minister came off with a broken
head and . his secretary was hurt in
the' legs, while the King had his right
wrist dislocated. .On that occasion the
young King', collection . of souvenirs
was augmented by a small strap which
the sovereign; had. to wear on his In
jured wrist for some weeks. ..
. On another occasion. "the . King was
careering wildly along in his automo
bile on the outskirts . of , San \u25a0 Sebastian
when •he accidentally ran down . and
killed a donkey. The woman who own-*
ed the donkey naturally, asked for cash
damages. King "Alfonso drew out his
purse and offered .her a hundred peseta
note ($2O), .but . the ' owner who had
recognized the King, refused thy money,
saying: "Excuse me, your Majesty, but
I think that a donkey,kllled by a King
is.worth much ..more. , If. ls at least
worth -two;' hundred pesetas." '.^;
"Very well, ! take a hundred pesetas
more," he ' replied,, smilingly, "but, at
any rate, letime have something from
this poor, animal . to remind me that
there such dear donkeys In my
kingdom.". Uttering these words he
pulled out a knife and cut off one of
the donkey's ears, and after putting
this ', trophy ' Into his ; pocket he con
tinued lhls' ; Journey with more velocity
than •ever. ' . '
""-The i young 1 monarch, ' however, • Is not
SPANISH KING MOUNTAINEERING.
ONE OF THE DANGEROUS SPORTS
IN 'WHICH RULER INDULGES.
satisfied with the perils of automobll
ing. He seeks for others wherever ho
can meet with them. During last sum
mer King Alfonso invited to dine with
him at the Royal Villa of La Granja
(near ! Segovia) about fifty or sixty
aristocratic automoblllsts, friends of
hla. After dinner the King showed
his guests the magnificent gardens of
the villa, and after walking with them
through the splendid ' poplar avenues,
full of statues and aristic fountains, he
had the fancy of climbing' up a high
monument.
'He reached the top safely and stood
among the sculptured figures, but when
ne wanted to descend he found it a dif
ficult matter, so that some of his
guests had to come to his relief and
haul him down like a parcel of goods,
so as to prevent him from Injuring his
august limbs, or from adding his own
figure for an indefinite period to the
marble group. When Alfonso was low
ered from bis elevated position, he tors
his trousers, and those identical gar
ments now j form a part of his collec
tion of souvenirs.
Another day. Alfonso, who has a pas
sion for agricultural labors and has re
peatedly declared that he desires to bo
"the first agriculturist of Spain." went
to the Royal Park of the Parda in or
der -to try for himself a new reaping:
machine which had been sent to him
from a firm In Barcelonia. When ha
found himself on the top of the ma
chine he became so enthusiastic with
the excellent results obtained by his
agricultural experiments that, not un
derstanding the mechanism of the ap
paratus, he allowed one of his feet to
be caught by a wheel. If the per
sons present had not instantaneously
managed to stop the movement of the
machinery, his Majesty would have had
his foot completely crushed.
More recently. King Alfonso, who Is
a first-class shot and very fond of
hunting, was Invited by the ex-Conser
vatlve Minister, Marquis de Vadillo. to
shoot quail on an estate of , his called
"Vega de CJdones," In the province of
Sorla. The King accepted the Invita
tion, and a little while after the hunt
ing had commenced saw some quail
rise. Forgetting to assure himself
that nobody was standing within range*
of his rifle, he fired. The charge grazed
the head of a servant of the Marquis of
Vadillo. The servant had been half
hidden among some plants. From that
shooting party Alfonso XIII brought
home, as a remembrance destined for
his collection, the branch of a tree In
which his charge eventually had lodged.
Mrs. Frank Maekcy Hunting.
LONDON. Dec. 16. — Mrs. Frank
Mackey Is hunting energetically in
Warwickshire and is the admiration of
her acquaintances for her turnouts, her
seat, and bar good hounds. She follows
so fast on the heels of her friends that
they are rather anxious to let her gret
past, especially when doing- a danger
ous jump. She is entertaining hunting
friends all the time" and does very little
beyond hunting.' riding 1 and driving, her
only; social relaxation being brldf« ';'•''38
The parlors of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West are at this time
making arrangement for the proper
observance of "mothers' day," which
Is to be one of the fixed days to be
celebrated by the order. The idea was
suggested by Harriet S. Lee of Wood
land and was adopted by the Grand
Parlor. The Idea is, according to Miss
Lee, that the members of the parlors
should on the day fixed have a pro
gramme of entertainment for their
mothers and mothers-in-law, with the
purpose in view of having a sort of
family reunion at which the. guests
can be made to feel that ifi social func
tions of the order they are not forgot
ten.
On the occasion of the recent official
visit of Grand President Stirling to San
Jose Parlor there was evidence of ex
cellent, work, harmony and good will.
During the latter part of November
Grand President Stirling instituted
Richmond Parlor at Point Richmond
with thirty-one charter members. It
was organized by Grand Secretary
Laura J. Frakes and the grand presi
dent, assisted by H. L. Sharr and
Charles Ryan of Richmond Parlor of
the Native Sons. The Institution was
by the grand officers — Ariana W. Stir
ling, president; Laura J. Frakes, secre
tary; Eliza D. Keith, past grand presi
dent; Sarah G. Sanborn, grand trustee,
end Agnes M. Troy as grand organist.
The following named district deputies
aided in the work: Lillian Riddell,
Leah Wrede. May Barry, Jennie Jor
dan. After the installation, which was
carried on In public, there was a ban
quet, tendered by the members of the
Native Sons' Parlor to the ladies ar.d
visiting grand officers. There were re
sponses by all of the grand officers
named. Messrs. Ryan and Scharr and
Mrs. Spiersch, president of the new
parlor.
Minstrel shows by the Native Daugh
ters are profitable. The one recently
given by El Camlno Parlor at Palo
.Mto netted J6O to the parlor's fund md
that given by Greenwood Parlor, J33|
to the fund for the purchase of official
banner*.
Nearly all of th<* parlors held
Thanksgiving day exercises. A fea
ture of the one in Orinda Parlor was
the giving of prizes to the two mem
bers who should present the best es
pays on the day in fifty words or less.
The winners were Hannah Nolan and
Anna Gruber. La. Bandera Parlor of
Facramento had a short programme
snd games; Ruby Parlor had a grand
ball; Dardanelle Parlor had a literary
programme, harvest festival and ball.
A new parlor, to be called Presidio,
organized by Emma Gruber Foley, P,
G. T.. will be Instituted in Stempke
Hall during th*> current month.
The merr.bers of Joaquin Parlor of
Stockton, believing that as children of a
favored State they should observa
Thankspivinjr day. did so on the night of
its last held meeting in November. In ob
servance of the day there was a pro
gramme made up of the following num
bers: "My Native Land." sung by the
parlor: a reading, "Thanksgiving Day,"
Mr.=. Emma Barney; piano recital, Miss
Minnie Hilke; comic recitation. "The
Servant Girl," Mrs. Lillian Parker;
giving address to the parlor, by the pres
ident. Mrs. Anna Boehne, and tbe dox
clogy. AJ the conclusion of the pro
gramme there was an adjournment to the
artistically decorated dining hall, red and
preen and holly berries predominating,
where all partook of a most excellent
Slipper. In her address to the parlor the
president in most eloquent language re
viewed the past year of the life of the
organization, and said that the members
had reason to be thankful for many
things— first, death had been a stranger,
the membership and finances had in
creased and all had "worked in harmony"
for the advancement and expansion of
the order. "It is true," she continued,
"that there have been little differences
of orinion. such as are. likely to arise in
any organization, even among those com
posed exclusively of men, but all such
have bc^n reconciled and good has re
sulted, for if it were not for differences
of opinion at times the best ideas would
rot come to the surface, and in every ln
etance the minority has cheerfully abided
by the will of the majority. For all these
blessings in the immediate circle of our
parlor we should feel very grateful." She
taid that the members of the parlor had
reason to be thankful that our great and
glorious country is at peace with the rest
"of the world, and for the peace between
two warrinj nations brought about in
the name of humanity through the ef
forts of the President of the country, also
fcr the prosperity of the country. In con
cluding she tendered "heartfelt thanks to
you, my sisters, for your sisterly kind
ness and courtesy to me and for your
helpfulness and sympathy since I have
been your presiding officer."
Us-Lomas Parlor had a Christmas fee
party in Pendo Hall. Seventeenth street,
ne«r Valencia, on Friday, December 15,
for the benefit of its fund for the relief
of the sick.
Gahrieile Parlor had a pleasant theat
rical party at the Majestic during the
second week in December, and La Es
trella Parlcr had one at the same place
last week.
The observance of the thanksgiving day
of the order by Calaveras Parlor, the
beauty parlor of the order, was one of
those events that will be a shining mark
in the history of that organization. The
programme included the reading of an'ac
count of the first Thanksgiving day in
California by President Lucle M. Reincke:
"The Origin of Thanksgiving." by Lillie
Leeman; recitation, by Sophie Struss;
recitation, by Leah Wrede. and the sing
ing of songs appropriate to the occasion.
The several numbers were delivered with
a great deal of regard to the effect in
tended to be conveyed upon the hearers,
and each contributor did her best. The
programme was followed by the serving
of a ccllatlon and a social hour. The
parlor appointed a committee to make ar
rangements for the observance of "moth
er's day," when a programme Is to be
presented for the entertainment of moth
ers of members.
Sans Souci Parlor had a very enjoy
able home in its hall in the Odd Fel
lows' building 1 on the second Monday
In the- current month. Th» members
turned out in full force and there were
many strangers present as guests of the
parlor. Among members of the order
present who do not belong to the par
lor were Grand Secretary Laura J.
Frakes with Emma Hughes of Naomi
Parlor. Downlcville, and Miss McDonald
of San Miguel Parlor as her special
g-uests and Misses Millie Tietjen and
THlie Decker of <soWen State Parlor of
this city. There was a pleasing: pro
gramme of entertainment, a grab bag:,
flsh pond and prize drawing for a beau
tiful doll. This was won by Lucetta
Perry. Afterward there was a gather
ing around a Christmas tree and the
distribution of toys to .children and
candies to the older persons. The even
ing clo**d with dancing. .
Aleli Parlor of Salinas is taking ac
tive steps for the entertainment of the
Grand Parlor when it holds its sessions
in that city next year. It recently gay«
a harvest festival In aid of the fund
for the entertainment of the grand of
ficers and delegates and realized more
than five hundred dollars. The people
of Salinas are enthusiastic over the
coming of the grand body and the indi
cations are that the members of that
organisation will receive a reception
that will be one of the best ever ac-
corded the legixlauve body of , the or
der. " '
La Paloma Parlor of Gilroy one of the
most loynl in the order gave a delight
ful social recently and a feature waß a
guessing content, when *a number of
prises donated by Mrs. Lulu Gett were
distributed. This parlor has recently
added a number of new \u25a0 name's "to its
roster and more will be added before
the close of the year. V
Order Eastern Star.
The officers of Miramar Chapter of
Richmond, Contra Costa County, were
recently installed by Past Patron Dr.
H. N. Barney, assisted by Mrs. Harry
Adams of Oakland, as marsaal. . The
work was praised for its beauty and
impressiveness and in appreciation of
this the chapter presented the install
ing marshal a fine cut crystal olive
dish, and tne installing officer a silver
top"ped Ink well. Bessie Elizabeth
Pritchard, the retiring matron, was to
have had presented a beautiful jewel
of her rank in the order, but she could
not be present ' on account of Illness.
It will be presented later. After the
installation there was a pleasing pro
gramme of musical and literary .num
bers, after which there was a banquet
and speechmaking. This enterprising
chapter, which is now in the fourth
year of its existence and has an active
membership of more than seventy, will
be officered during the current term by
the following named: Lillian j Blake,
worthy matron'; William Austin Lucas,
worthy patron; Margaret Lucas, asso
ciate matron; Elizabeth Carpenter, sec
rotary; Mary Catherine Fitzpatrick.
treasurer; Eva Turley Barney, con
ductress; Emily Olletha Walker, asso
ciate conductress; Edward Garrard,
chaplain; Gertrude Spiersch, marshal;
Anna Merrill, organist; Lillian Free
man Eckle, Annie Parker, Anna Gar
rard, Minnie Parker and Jennie Wil
liams, points of the central star; Lot
tie Murray, warder; John Richard Ny
strom, sentinel.
The officers of Imperial Chapter, O.
E. S., were installed in public in Elks
Hall on, the second Saturday In Novem
ber. The installing officer was Grand
Patron Florin L. Jones, assisted by
Mrs, Spencer, past matron of Golden
Gate Chapter, as marshal, and Dr. A. H.
Milberry. past associate grand patron,
as chaplain. The officers were all at
tired In white and presented a very
pretty appearance. After the Installa
tion Jennie B. Holden, the conductress.
on behalf of the chapter, presented
Bessie D. Monroe, the matron, a hand
some ring In token of appreciation
of what she did for the chapter dur
ing the six months of its existence.
This, the youygreet chapter In the city,
has made good progress and it is the
aim of the matron and the other of
ficers to make it one of the most so
ciable in the Jurisdiction. After N the
presentation there were, short ad
dresses by the grand patron, District
Deputy Grand . Matron Mrs. Ida B.
Spence, Past Grand Patron John H.
Gray and Dr. Mlllberry. The officers
j who are to serve for the current East
ern S*-t year are: Bessie D. Munroe,
W. M.; Charles 'F.Llbby, W. P.; Mabel
C. Watklns, 8.; Frederikke Nellsen, T.;
Jennie B. Holden, C; Jennie B. Sim
mons, A. C; Etta Dunbar, M.; Mar
garet Worbes, W.; Louis Muller, chap
lain; Helene Nellsen, O.; Grace Hutch
ison, Ida Eden, . Edna Cunard, D. L.
Keeney and Frances E. Muller, points
of the star. The music Incidental to
the ceremony was by the Oakland Ma
; sonic Quartet, composed of D. M. Law
rance, H. W. Patrick, Alfred Wilkie
and Wilhelm Nielsen..
The officers of Olive Branch Chapter,
whose names, we re published in last
Sunday's issue of Echoes from the
Lodge Rooms, were installed last week
in the Commandery Hall of the Ma
sonic Temple in the presence of a very
large audience composed of members
of the order and Invited guests. The
various stations in the hall were taste
fully decorated with flowers and tbe
season's berries. A feature was the
placing at the station . of each of the
five points of the central star the em
blem of the office, which was a pretty
effect Another feature was that each
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17,,; 1905.
lady representing a point of the star ;
was attired In the color of that point.
The installing officers were Retiring
Matron Minnie Sophie Reed and Paat
Matron Thercse Fredericks, marshal,
each doing her work with a precision
that was most commendable. The mu
sic was, by the chapter quartet — A. E.
McMillan, Edgerton Smith, A- C. Read
and R. E. Keene— with solos by Miss
Gillespie, Miss Ethel Marguerita
Schantz and Henry Mauser. At th,e
close of the ceremony the retiring ma
tron was presented a magnificent dia
mond set jewel. A past patron's jewel
was presented by Past Patron W. A.
Atwood on behalf of the chapter, to the
retiring patron, Charles Frederick Pat
tison. A token of love and affection
was given to each of the points of the
star that served last year, and flowers
were given to Mary Elizabeth Part
ridge, past grand matron of the gen- '
eral Grand Chapter of the United
States; Grand Matron Polhemus and
Grand Secretary. Willats.
One of the perfect installations of
the season in the. order of the Eastern
Star was that of the officers of Beulah
Chapter in the South San Francisco
Masonic Hall in the presence of a large
number of people. Emma Caroline
We.dmeyer was installed as the worthy
matron, \u25a0 together with the other offi
cers, whose names have already been
published, lay Miaa Geneva Williams,
the^ retiring matron, assisted by Mary
E. Donoho, past matron, as installing
marshal. The work of the. Installing
officer without a book was a marvel
ous feat of memorising, when the fact I
Is taken into consideration that there
was not a word left out nor a word
added in the entire ceremony. The
marshal's work was highly commend
ed. At the close of the ceremony of
installation the new matron, who is
possessed of a clear commanding Voice,
called upon Grand Patron ..Florin . L.
Jones, who delivered a brief Interest
ing address on the order, after which
Past Patron John S. Partridge, on be
half of the chapter, presented a hand
some jewel to Miss Williams, the retir
ing matron, and in hie speech com
mended her for the very admirable
manner In which she had conducted
the affairs of the .chapter during her
term and for the splendid manner In
which she had installed the officers.
This was followed by the presentation
of a jewel to the retiring patron, the
giving of pretty Jewel cases to the re
tiring points of the star and of a beau
tifully decorated tankard to Nellie Au
gusta Darling In recognition of her
services to the chapter in the past
twelve years. \ The music at the instal
lation was by the Knickerbocker Quar
tet, The ceremonies closed ; with'
dancing. Everything In the affair was
commendable, but something that was
the subject of considerable comment
was that those who are entitled • to
seats In the East, particularly ; grand
officers, were not' invited therel but
were permitted to take back seats In
the hall. _• ' :
For beauty of. ceremony, appoint
ments, music, and Impreaslveness ".. Ivy
Chapter, ; whtoh bad its officers . f or ' the
current term installed; in the Com
mandery; Hall of the Masonic Temple
last , week, is entitled to the credit of
having I, done J th« very ;' best In the In
stallation line up to that date. The
installing: officer ..was Male Watson
Hendry, the ' retiring,; matron, assisted
by Past Matron Charlotte Eliza Tia-
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
E. C. STOCK
dale as marshal. The music by the
Harmony •' quartet, composed of Mrs.
A. T. Fletcher, Mrs. John Madden, Miss
Mabel F. Gordon- and -: Mrs. Robert
Lloyd, assisted by ..Robert Lloyd, was
the most charming that has been heard
this year, the selections being far above
those usually presented on occasions
of 'this kind. The singing by the quar
tet won the praise of the several hun
dred persons who crowded the hall,
while the solos by Miss Gordon, Mrs.
Fletcher and Mrs. Madden won over
to . them all lovers of music. Mrs.
Alice Lewis presided at the organ.
Once the audience, so charmed by the
sweet voice of Miss Gordon in render
ing a solo, attempted to applaud, but
in respect to the unwritten^ law that
MEMBERS' OP LOCAL, FRATERNITIES %VHO ARE EARNEST, ARDENT WORK
ERS FOR THE SEVERAL. SUBORDINATE BODIES IN WHICH THEY HAVE* |
THEIR MEMBERSHIP AND IN "WHICH- THEY" ARE VERY POPULAR. |
no part of the installation- ceremony
shall be applauded, silence prevailed;
though applause was strongly ' n evi
dence when the quartet, at the request
Of Mrs. Gordon, the newly installed
matron, who is president of the Treble
Clef Club, rendered a charming selec
tion. Mrs. Hendry proved herself an
ideal installing officer, silvering . her
charges to the several officers with a
naturalness characteristic of her
charming personality. At. the close of
tho ceremony and tho proclamation
Mrs. Kate J. Willats, the grand secre
tary, was called upon for a few re
marks. She was followed by Grand
Treasurer Mrs. Helen Seaman, after
which James Edward Gordon, who had
been- installed aa proxy for Chaplain
Frank McGowan, absent from the cere
mony on account of the death of his
mother, onbehalf of the chapter pre
sented to Mrs. Hendry, the retiring
matron, a beautiful and valuable Jewel
of her rank as past matron, after which
Samuel Charles- Wallis, the retiring
patron, was presented an emblematic
pin, both of these tokens being in ap
preciation of the excellent- and con
scientious work of each during their
term of office. Then there. was the pre
sentation of > a . most ' beautiful vase,
flower embellished by ono of the mem
bers of the chapter as a token of sis
terly and brotherly love from the of
ficers of the' past term to the .retiring
matron. This ,lady in: accepting this
used language expressive of the deep
est heartfelt gratitude and said of her
officers that they were as loving as
they are lovable, and that their loy
alty was as true ; as steel. The points
of the star of last year showed' their
respect for one "who had proved him
self a true gentleman and kindest of
masters of the work" ; ; by presenting
Past Patron Wallls a' magnificent tan
kard. Then there was the presentation
to each of the points of 'the star of last
year j of , : a % beautiful | back comb - from
the retiring : matron and patron, each
being ornamented 'with- \u25a0- gems ' of, the
color of tha point of the star they rep
sentedl: Tokens .were also presented
to Mrs. Tlsdale, Mrs. Coulter and -to
Mr. Fletcher, the retiring , ohaplain,
who in turn, as a token of personal
admiration for Mrs. Hendry as an. of
ficer, presented her ; a ; beautiful \u25a0 paint
ing. The Officers who ''i are to '. serve, for
the current terra are; < Carrie Hooke : Gor
don, «. worthy ; matron ; Dr. Robert Francis
Tiedale. - worthy .- patron ; 't Georgia > Curtis
Versalovlch/ associate matron : Eva D' An*'
cona Salsbury, 1 - secretary (eleventh term) ;
Lottie Elisabeth \ fcucasv treasurer ; (third
term) ; Bertha'Adele Briggs,\oonduol;ress;
Emilie Strouse, associate conduo tress;
Edith Louise Gordon, Adah; Annie
Margaret Chamberlain, Ruth; Sarah
Emma Cameron, Esther; Alice Blanche
Normand, Martha; Alice Marlon Arml
tage, Electa; . Marie Nopander, war
der; Margaret Larsen, sentinel; Frank
McGowan. chaplain; Mary Louiae
Reddick. P. W. M., marshal.
During the initiation of officers of
Golden Gate Chapter recently, Miss
Ethel Pearl Mitchell of Los Angeles
added to the charming musical pro
gramme by the rendition, of several se
lections on the cornet. She is a very
popular artist in the City of Angels,
and is the daughter of Mrs. Hattie M.
Mitchell of that city, and niece of Mrs.
Addie L. -Ballou of this city, prominent
in the^ Eastern " Star, the Amaranths,
Spanish War Veteran auxilaries, and aux
iliaries of the Grand Army,
i The officers of San Francisco Chapter
Of the order of the Eastern Star^will be
installed ,In public to-morrow night in
Elks' Hall.
jj i'erba Buena Chapter starts in the
eurrent_ Eastern Star year under very
favorable auspices. Since its organiza
tion about eiffht months ago it has in
creased Its', membership one hundred
per cent, and with Mattie Jewel Perry
matron. Dr. James patron and the other
principal, officers continued at their re
spective stations, the chapter expects
to make a record that will astonish
many who within a year expressed the
opinion that there was no room for ad
ditional chapters in San Francisco. On
the occasion pf the installation of tho
Officers the presentation of a sliver tea
service to Mrs. Perry, the matron, the
statement was made that "it was the
sincere offering of the. members to thy
matron In recognition of what she had
done to build up. the chapter and in ap
preciation that in her every action to
ward the members she had been more
than a. matron. 'she had been 'a mother
to all." A pretty compliment well be
stowed and well deserved.
Foresters^of America.
The "evening at home" given by
Court Magnolia of the Foresters of
America in the latter part of No-
vember in the Assembly .Hall of the
Red Men's building was a delightful
function that was enjoyed by more
than three hunured persons, the ladies
predominating. The programme of en
tertainment was as follows: Opening
remarks. Senator E. I. Wolfe, past
grand .chief ranger, F. of A.; song, Miss
Simonr recitation. Miss L. Sisenvine;
song, E. Eckert; recitation, Ruby Gil
bert; songr. Miss L Crown; aong, Mr.
Jouan; comic song, M. Furst; duet, P.
Alberga and Joseph Turner. There
was a ball. at the close of the enter
tainment, and it was successfully man
aged under the supervision of Frederick
Abel, floor manager, and a courteous
floor committee.."..
On the occasion. of the official visit
of Grand Trustee T. J. Emery to Court
Farragut • at. Vallejo he was accom
panied by Dr. CM. Troppmann, G. R.
S.; Jacob Label of the American Fores
ters' Review) and 11. Mager, Ed Can
dage and H. Messner of. Court Seal
Rock. There was the initiation of five
strangers by the fully equipped' team
df the court, and after the, work and
speeches by the visiting officials there
was a banquet at which Chief Ranger
H. Gift delivered the address of wel
come and M. Solomon acted as toast
master. After the supper there were
responses to toasts by the officers and
visitors. The grand trustee named
also paid a visit recently to the court
at Winters, where he was well re
ceived and hospitably entertained.
Grand Secretary Cordy. paid an offi
qlal: visit recently to the court in Oro
ville, where there was the initiation of
two candidates. This court In the past
twelve months has increased in. mem
bership from forty-four to seventy. The
grand secretary;, then went to Forbes
town, -where four strangers were Ini
tiated,- and after the work of the even-
Ing; there was a banquet and a danoe,
also speechmaking by the visiting offi
oers.and others.
Grand Chief Ranger Root and Grand
Junior p Beadle Donohue have returned
from the south after officially visiting the
several courts of the lower part of the
State: - >"\u25a0 .;\u25a0„ " . .- " •. '• \u25a0\u25a0 : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .: r
:• In the latter : part of November Dr.
Charles Martin: Troppmann. grand re
cording secretary of the Gr^nd" Court; in
company, of E. A. \ Mansfield. W. J.
Robles 'and Charles, Rosenhahn" and
others; of the courts »in San Jose, paid
a visit to Court Saratoga, in ";. the • town
of that name. /After, making an s official
inspection \ of ; the manner in which th«
visited court, transacts business*' and
does . the ritualistic i. work,- Dr. Tropp
mann-spoke at length in eloquent terms
of : the order and its ' advancement dur-
ing the current year. The happy, con
vincing way that the doctor has In ad
dressing members of the order created
a great deal of enthusiasm, and each
member promised to do his utmost for
the grand initiation on the first meet
ing in January next In celebration of
the anniversary of the institution of
the court. The business of the evening
was followed by a banquet, which was
an excellent one.
The grand recording secretary offi
cially visited Court Sutro Heights at
its last held meeting in November and
was enthusiastically received. The
members manifested a great deal of en
thusiasm and gave , proof of their
earnest desire to advance the court by
presenting the applications of two in
dividuals who desire membership.
There -was a good attendance of
dancers at the thirteenth annual ball
given by Court Barbarossa. There was
a programme of sixteen dances, with
two extra for good measure. Fishel
Zucker was the floor manager, and in
the management of the floor he was
assisted by C. Wagner. Samuel Harris,
B- Nadler. J. Negeleff. Henry Braunagle.
Edward Nordhof. John B. Blum. H. i
Heide, John Krurahola. Henry Haab,
Charles Thielmann and George Norte
mann. ' \u25a0 \
Grand Chief Ranger Root and Grand
! Secretary Cordy instituted a new court
in Sacramento last week.
Grand Senior Woodward Teare is
visiting the courts in San Joaquin Val
. ley.
Court Century of Oroville will ini
tiate a large class of candidates Jan
uary 25. ii ; ' i'Ji
The executive council at its last held
meeting received two applications for
charters for new courts. The council
appointed Grand Secretary Cordy. Grand
Recording Secretary Troppmann and
Grand Senior Woodward Teare a com
mittee to present a suitable design
for a headstone t» be adopted by the
order in this etate for placing over
the graves of deceased members. The
council took preliminary steps looking
toward the organization of a widows'
and orphans* fund.
At a recent meeting in Los Angeles, a
class of candidates were initiated. The
names of sixty-three applicants were
lead.
There is a movement afoot to secure
a charter for a court to meet in the
daytime, as Is done in Philadelphia.
Thl3 is intended for such persons who
are eligible to membership, but who on
account of employment that requires
their attention at night are unable to
attend sessions of courts that hold
night sessions.
There was a large class initiation in
the court at Sausalito last week. The
work was performed in a most excel
lent manner by the team of Court San
Francisco. After the ceremony, there
were addresses by Grand Secretary
Cordy, Piist Chief Ranger Jacob Label
and many others, after which there was
v banquet.
The visit of Grand Chief Companion
Mrs. Tucker to Mt. Vernon Circle in the
Alcazar building. was one of the most
delightful of the season. The attend
ance of members, grand officers and
visitors was large and the work of the
officers in the initiation of candidates
was unusually well done, particularly
that by the chief companion and the
sub chief, each delivering her part with
the full dramatic effect demanded by
the ritual. The intonation of each of
these officers in the delivery of the
charges to the candidates demonstrated
that elocution is absolutely requisite
to make the initiatory ceremony what
it should be, and on this occasion each
of the officers named gave an object
lesson* that all others occupying the
the same position should learn. The
official drill team under the captaincy
of Grand Sub Chief Mate H. Cartwright
added much to the impresslveness of
thu occasion. The drill team of Ex
celsior Circle was present in ita pretty
uniform of white and gold and three
of ; the members- filled vacancies occa
sioned by the unavoidable rabsence of
some of the official team. The' work
of the evening was followed by an ad
dress by the grand chief companion,
the grand sub chief, Grand Marshal
Coyle, Past Grand Mrs. Worms, Past
Grand Mrs. Harrington, Past Grand
Mr 3. Kemp Van Ec and others. . The
grand chief was presented a handsome
souvenir of the visit and. then Mrs.
Worms, who is deputy for the circle,
was, as a token of appreciation of .her
Interest for the organization, presented
a fine silk umbrella and the chief com
panion presented her, as a personal
gift; a handsome silk belt. ' :
Ancient Order Foresters;
A new court- of the Ancient Order of
Foresters was instituted in Fillmore, in
this ' State, in the latter part of Novem
ber with thirty charter members by Spe
cial Deputy Willis. '
! In the past three months- the court
at Fulton made. a. net gain of twenty
flve members.
Court Occidental had a smoker last
week, at which there was presented
an excellent- programme of vaudeville
numbers to a very -large number of the
members and invited guests.
Reports from Honolulu are to the ef
fect that' the court and the circle in
that city- are. doing remarkably well
through the efforts, of J. F. Eckert and
M. C.'Pachecosc who have proved them
selves most- active and~ earnest For
esters. : The two organisations have at
tracted many - people; of the place •to
their, social- functions. \
Loyal Circle L of, thla city, recently
gave V a xhanksglving 1 entertainment,
which was a delightful function.
Justice Circle has elected - the fol
lowing named as officers for. the ensu
ing terras: C. Thompson, C. C: A. Rans
icHL -S. . C. ; Ethel Huter. F. & ; E.
Stevensand, T.; \u25a0\u25a0 M. Cnaldeck. T.; I*
Johnson, R.G.;- R. : Lena. I* G.; E. Kalb,
I. O. : « Mrs. ; Van . Suummeran, O, G. ; Dr.
J. McDonald, '-physician; G.* ilcConny,
organist. - \u25a0• • .
; The snowball party given by Wash
ington Circle in the A. D> F. building
on tlie second Friday in December was
attended by a large number of persons
who not; only, enjoyed a good pro
gramme of dances, out had a great deal
of fun pelting one. another with cas
carones Instead of snowballs.
The masked ball given by Court
Wyersdale in Elntracht Hall on the
second Friday la December was a
pleasant affair. - There were many
maskers and a good order of dance*.
National Union:
On the fourth Tuesday in November
El Dorado Council of the National
Union, after receiving seventeen ap
plications and after initiating * class
of candidates, announced that It had
during the month initiated twenty ap
plicants for membership and received
thirty-five petitions from persons de
siring to become members. Then there
was a game of progressive whist, with,
five turkeys for prizes, and th* distri
bution of ten more as door prizes.
On the same night Golden Gate
Council had a mock trial, after the
most approved manner of jury trials.
After the evidence had been produced
and the case summed up the jury stood
six to six, so a new trial was ordered.
At the November meeting ot the SaiV_
Francisco Cabinet, President Joseph A. f
Wilson presiding, there was an at
tendance of 65 per cent of the dele
gates. Considerable business was
transacted and before adjournment
there was the distribution of three
door prises, presented by the president.
Friend Comegys won a mission clock.
Fred Dodd a smoker's aah tray and
Senator Field a silk American flag.
On the last Friday in November
Union Council Initiated two Btrangers
and received three applications.
On the night of December 3 Mission
Council assembled in the fcdgeroom of
Mission Lodge. F. and A. M.. for the pur
pose of receiving the silk flag that it won
during the recent contest for initiatory
work. At that meeting ladies were pres
ent and a programme of entertainment
was offered.
The following were those who con
tributed to the programme after the
presentation of the flag by Past Presi
dent W. A. a Nicholson of California
Council on behalf of the Cabinet which
donated the emblem: Tbe Golden Gats
Quartet, S. A. Bishop, president of the
council. A. A. Macurda. Miss Helen
Heath. Frank Onalow, Henry L. Perry,
John Stevenson. The flag was received
on behalf^joi the council by John S.
Partridge. The programme in the main
hall was followed by a collation in the
banquet hall, where L. J. E. Beicke
was master of ceremonies and where
there was singing by Miss Heath, re
sponse to "The Ladies" by Dr. T. G.
Kamana, tenor solo by Frank Onslow/
and an address by General Deupty Jo- m^
seph A. Wilson, president of the Sarr
Francisco Cabinet.
During November there were re
ceived at headquarters by General Dep
uty Wilson one hundred and ninety-two
applications for membership.
On the last Thursday in November
Golden Gate Council had a turkey
drawing for members and visitors,
twenty-live going to members and five
to visitors. After the 'drawing thera
was a collation with pumpkin and
mince pies and apple cider. There
were more than two hundred members
of the order present. During the even
ing twelve strangers were Initiated and '
General Deputy Wilson was presented
with a beribboned turkey.--?:- •* >*\u25a0
Mayor-elect W. R. Beard of Sacra
mento, who for a number of years has
been the financial secretary of Sacra- •
men to Council, was. a. few evenings
since, tendered a reception by the
council in honor of hla election.
Officers who are to serve for the en
suing term are at this time being
elected in every council In the,'juris
diction. • ZifS
Golden Gate Council still has the
proud honor of being the largest
(numerically) council in the State, but
from the number of applications that
California Council, which for seven
teen years was tbe banner council, has »
received, it looks very much as if that j
council will regain lost place befon 1
the close of the year.
Pacific Council at its last held meet
ing received ten applications, which
were referred to appropriate commit
tees, after which three strangers were
initiated.
The officers for the San Francisco
cabinet who are to serve for the en-W
suing term will be elected at the Jan-^
vary meeting.
Independent Foresters.
High Chief Ranger Hopkins of the Inde
pendent Order of Foresters presided at a
meeting last week, at which the San
Francisco board of deputies was organ- \
ized by the election of the following i
named as officers: General Deputy Stock,
president; B. F. True, vice president; J.
E. Emmons., secretary. \u25a0 and J. Burke,
treasurer. The president announced tnat
at the next meeting he will name the
standing committees, and that at that time
be will announce the line of work to be
taken up by the members of the board.
The meeting was addressed by the high
chief ranger. General Deputy Companion
Mrs. N. E. Murphy. High Vice Chief
Ranger Murphy. Companion Sadie Mur
phy .of Court Yerba Buena. Junior High
Chief Ranger Stewart. Companion Mrs.
G. Wilson of Court Golden Gate, High
Secretary Brown. Companion Mrs. Anna j
C Hansen of Court Peralta and William
\ Stewart of Court Southern Heights, ju
nior-past president of the board. Tho
president announced that In future the
i meeting will be called at 8:15 p. m.. and
I the business will be transacted with dis
patch, so that the members shall have
an opportunity to return to their respect- '
ive homes by 10 o'clock. The expression cf ,
sentiment was that all will work loyally
for the order and do the best that earMl
can to extend the limits of the order, r
The next meeting of the board will be
i on December 22.
Court Southern Heights has appointed
a committee to arrange far a grand public
meeting, entertainment and dance in one
I of the large halls on the evening of Feb
1 ruary 22, 13C6. 'I-!.
Fraternal Eagles.
San^Francisco Aerie of the Fraternal
Kagles Is making arrangements for the
installation of John S. Parry. Its presi
dent,; who has been re-elected for an
other term, and the other officers who
are to serve for the ensuing year. Tbu
aerie' expects to make this a big event.
State President J. R. Dorsey was In
this city last week.
The State officers and board of trus
tees will be in this city early in January
on business connected with the State
aerie. -
Point Richmond Aerie at a recent
meeting presented emblematic charms
to two of It* member* in recognition
of valuable services rendered to the
aerie.
• Tbe ball recently given by Oakland
aerie in aid nf its drum and bugle corps
was a great success.
Woodcraft.
All of the local circles of the Women
of Woodcraft are busy at this time pre
paring for the installation of the offlc€£3
«Itcted. for the ensuing term. E "j^
Mrs. Amamna A. Schneidewind Is a
prominent member of Golden Gate
Circle tn the Itne of advancement from
that circle to high honors In the order.
She. has been a very active worker not
only In this but In other fraternal a*-WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
Whether th« third of Carreno's hua
be.r.ds (of my acquaintance) or the sec
ond of the great French violinists. Is the
more Interesting is hard to say. They
are both her© this week— M. Bmile Sauret.
Of a truth I had forgotten Sauret's mari
tal distinction when I went to chat with
him the other day. He himself reminded
me. It came up apropos of the violinist's
historic visit here of twenty -five years
ago.
A handsome shrug, end & "ma. fol. but
that is a hundred years a«o!" met my
first question as to the San Francisco of
that day. Yet, lest I of the younger day
should feel undue pride-, Sauret told me
proud things of San Francisoo'o yester
day.
It* was in that big house of to-day, the
pt. Francis, that we talked. When Sauret
ya» last here, he told us, the people were
aelightediy agape over the beginnings of
the Enlace. The Parisian spoke there:
''How strange then was the dress of the
P«JOple'.,An awful eccentricity! but now"
(ihis for my sisters) "It is in the streets
the same as in Paris."
There was ihe bay, oertainement, in tha*.
far diy, and the hills. But theTe was
Oothlr.g else! Such poor ferry-boats! no
Kerry station, but now; "e'est grandiose,
cYst magninque."
But. 1 must remember, the violinist in
elsted, that there was a musical public
then. Bmall. but extremely cultivated. Oh,
%'f-sl They had played very good pro
grammes. One would be furprised. And
they were most generously received.
"You did not play with orchestra?" I
had asked — perhaps jealously.
No, M. Sauret had played with the pi
©.no, with Madame Carreno, who was his
first wife. I must remember.
No, 1 had forgotten. Besides, I did
not quite know ihe propriety of dangling
what might be supposed to be a family
.skeleton before the interviewed.. M.
Eauret, however, settled it, quite In the
£haw vein. He laughed good-naturedly at
:ny hesitant "oh. yes!" and put it:
"Carreno, she likes to change! She is a
Mormon! Very good!"
And in the Shaw v«?in I answered him:
"I m«?t M. d' Albert last spring"
"Ah!" commented Madame Carreno's
first husband on her second. "Ke is a
magnificent artist. D' Albert plays the
piano like a god."
1 continued with account of what kind
of naughty little god D'Albert had played
like in Ban Francisco, and the wars
therefrom.
Then M. Sauret summoned to the de
fense Mr. Arthur Speed, his accompany
ing pianist, who came in just here, with:
"D'Albert, is he not the greatest of them
all— mille fois plus grand artist?"
And Air. Speed thought so, saying that
probably the pianist during his visit here
xvas too much occupied with his opera —
one could not do well two things at once.
That he was the greatest artist of* them
ail, there was not a doubt.
.Desperately I wondered then if it were
mere politeness to 'mention Josef Hof
mann, third in the Carreno succession,
but U. Sauret seemingly unceremoniously
forgot him. Instead he began to talk of
the audience of the evening before, while
1 decided that at least M. Sauret is the
handsomest of the Carreno sposl, with
his soft," brilliant, humorous black eyes,
fine olive color, and profound air
of distinction. He has ies« of the black
hair that 4s his than he had twenty-live
years ago — as he later explained with rue
ful humor, the result of wearing It long
then! French, exquisitely polished, he
prefers to speak, but conceded an en
gaging English to his audience— besides
those mentioned a gifted little girl fld
cler and her mother.
But M. Sauret was "delighted, sur
prised, with the reception of. the
Schumann sonata — I had been told not
to play it. But It was a charming,
most appreciative audience!" he granted.
He beamed Et this: ' "I have seen al
ready here five of my pupils. I was
very pleased to see my little chickens.
You have here now," he queried, "many
good musicians, certainly?"
"So many," I ventured, "that when
you rome next time. M. Sauret, we hope
there will bo a symphony orchestra for
you to play with!"
Naturally, I did not forget our one
little evr> lamb of a symphony concert,
the Polacco, nor mention of the Wolle
symphony concerts that the spring will
bring.
\u25a0M. Sauret did not mean unhandsome
ly, but after his sympathetic "That is
good," he began to talk of music In
ONE OP 1 A GROUP OF CHARACTERISTIC HEADS TO BE'-'SEBK -IN THE
GMWBAt™ CTTOIO AT9I« MARKET STRBCT. SHOWING MARKEDLY
THE OLD WORLD TRAINING OF THE PAINTER. - _
BLANCHE PARTINGTON
Chicago. (He lives there, \ I learned
then, for the present.) It was a list of
all the things musical that Chicago haa
— and we haven't; from' German, Ital
ian, French musical societies to th»
Chicago Symphony Orchestra, "one of
the best symphony orchestras- In the
world," he said. Only three hours a
day, every day, and at two concerts a
week, the public rehearsal and the reg
ular concert, these Chicago men play
together! Poor men of ours! worrying
a llvelfhood from the cafes, the thea
ters, from dances, from teaching,
dragging to a scant three^ rehearsals —
and these cut to a gloriously ridiculous
two hours by the union — for the one
symphony concert of the year!
What our men had done in this case
I boasted here to the man from Chi
cago.
"But." he said, "you must do what
Chicago did for Thomas. When he went
there years ago he did not mean to
stay. One concert he gave, then an
other, and another. Then one wealthy
citizen gave some money, then another,
for other concerts. Thomas stayed
three months, then it was a year. Then
the Chicago people found they could
not do without the concerts. So must
you do here. There must be first a
guarantee — "
I threw in here the name of Mr. F. M.
Smith, the generous guarantor of the
Wolle concerts, to Mr. Saurefs "Armour",
of Chicago.
"How can the men play their best If
they have to play in the cafe, in the
theater?" he asked, pitying hands in
the air. "And they must play In
the cafe. There is, perhaps a wife,
perhaps a mother, children; they. must
have bread. It Is not the musician's
fault that he is at the cafe. Americans
axe Instinctively generous. It needs
only for the matter to be put before
them properly— l believe you will soon
hay« your symphony society! 0 "and out
went the plump, impulsive Sauret hand
to mine.
"Thank you, for us," I said.
They have more temperament In the
Chicago organization, thinks M. Sau
ret, than in the famous Boston sym
phony orchestra. There was a delicious
bit of hand-play, almost like Salassa's,
in the description of Boston's orches
tra, its impossible finesse, its fabulous
purity of ensemble, its marvelous aca
demic accuracy. For the Pittsburg or
chestra he had also many good words,
also for that of Cincinnati — where Mr.
Hans Wagner comes from.
"New York," he said, and stopped,
shrugged his shoulders, "oh, New York
is New York, international. But there
is a tremendous improvement musi
cally all over America. In even the
small towns one can now play tho big
music. It is through" — only a tiny,
matter-of-fact bow pointed this — "the
ladies! C'est la femme. e'est vrai!
The ladies have the time. They go to
the concert, to the lecture, to the thea
ter. They educate the man. They give
to him the thing they take from the
concert. It is the mission of the Amer
ican girl. He works all the time. He
likes to work." M. Sauret's shrug was
sympathetic, y*»t a shrug. "No work,
no man. I have seen him, in Europe,
say before a Correggio. 'It Is beauti
ful,' he says, 'but what is going on at
my office In Chicago?* "
"What do you think, then, in these
circumstances, of the chance of Ameri
can music?" I asked, without flinching.
"* M. Sauret did not know, but .asked
me to remember that "the country is
young — give it a chance!" Men that
have already done things, he mention
ed, taacDowell, Foote and others. The
, way lies, he thinks, through the pre-
I servatlon of the native music, Indian,
negro; in its development. • Most na
tional music has been founded upon the
folk song. Think of your Grieg, all
Norwegian; your Lassen. so German;
your Lizat, the Magyar — "
"Your Beethoven." I interpolated.
M. Sauret threw up his hands and
laughed. "Oh, your Beethoven! He is
one. Your Shakespeare is one. Your
Christ is one. There Is only one."
Still, the violinist thinks there is
| every chance for an American national
I art. Ho Is persuaded that Its day is
! not so far off, and that Its way Is
j through the folk song, as with all na
! tlonal skiging. \
Tfce student came up then, and Sauret
mentioned himself as pupil of De Beriot
and Vieuxtemps.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 17, 1905.
"And M. Sauret!" I added.
"Of course," the great French master
agreed, "you are always your own pupil.
Systems— humbug! Each one has a dif
ferent system. One has twenty vol
umes," Sauret's arms stretched to them,
"to teach in forty years how to make a
trill. Bah! Those who are to be great
artist will be great artist. Two and two
always make four. You cannot change.
Yes! one must have good principles, har
mony, orchestration, history \ and then
KNOW WHAT YOU WANT."
And there I found M. Sauret's keynote
—he kn6ws what he wants.
Week's Offerings
at the Theaters
: / \
Naught new Nance O'Neil offers this
week, but for her an old play, "Camille,"
most appropriately after this week's bill,
"Magda," and "Elizabeth." Many yeara
it is since Miss O'Neil was seen as Ca
mille, and little curiosity as there is now
concerning the play— and the less the bet
ter—there will be much to see the Ca
mllle. "Magda"' begins the week, its cen
tral role one of the actress' greatest char
acterizations. Nor can one afford to miss
her in "Elizabeth." One can less afford
to miss her here than in any. of the plays,
in fact. For here is where Miss O'Neil's
characteristic distinctions have their wid
est scope, the heroic gesture, the grand air,
the large, tragic diction, those things that
make her what she is, a modern Ristori.
Her death scene is a tremendous thing.
It was in this scene, done by Charlotte
Cushman/ that a celebrated doctor made
for the stage, shouting: "The woman's
dead!" One feels that way when Miss
O'Neil plays it. .
To-night begins the third f».nj last week
of "The College Widow," and sorry- we
shall be to part with the engaging lady
and her train. The play. has been a suc
cess from its first minute, the most cap
tious failing to find a hole for criticism.
Next week comes William H. Crane In
"The American Lord."
The charming French comedy, "The Se
cret of Polichinelle," has two more per-
AN AVALANCHE OF ART EXHIBITIONS PRECEDES CHRISTMAS
Could it be that the unholy desire to .
become possessed of money— that un
beautiful, sordid thing for which butchers
and plumbers and other mere materialists
(even as . you and I) are seeking— hath
precipitated the avalanche. of art exhibi
tions that are with us? Avaunt, sacri
legious thought!— for is not completion
the logical terminus of beginnings? : In
truth, are the exhibitions displays of com
pletions—completions of summer work
and autumn developments.
And the money? .
Even artists have : uses ; for. it at Christ-
• . -. - • -. •
The H. . J. Breuer exhibition at Schus
slers* has, been the. most important pre-i
sentation among the progressive painter
folk during the month. Arid if you. have
not seen it, drop in there when you find a
spare half-hour.* .
Particularly let me commend to you
"Berkeley Hills," as fine a thing, Jn col
oring^ drawing , and \ conception^ as the
Impressionist school of California paint
ers has yet created. , . > .
His "Sunset," a superb mass of clouds
of molten gold aflame, rioting across a
turquoise . sky— that is the contended'
thing of the exhibition. , Below \ the won-,
drous ' clouds— and you ..and; I 1I 1 have seen
Just such tremendously dramatic sunsets
during the hazy days of October— a su
perbly toned forest^ laved in the "evening
formances at the Alcazar to-day. • No one j
should miss it. "Brown's in Town" will j
fill in between this and Christmas week, a i
handsome production of "The Prince and
the* Pauper" to be given for the holidays.
, The Tivoli's Christmas show, '.'Orpheum
in Hades," begins to-morrow night. It
is said to be a splendid, picture show,
with plenty of fun;and fine music. _
For the .last week of their engagement
with the Bishop players, the Neills. who
have already overstayed their, original
contract time by forty weeks, will'be seen
this week in "If I Were King." The play
will be elaborately mounted and the fa
vorite players will doubtless be the sub
jects of much attention. They begin on
Tuesday
• * •
If you want to weep with those who
weep you will find, plenty to do at the Al
hambra this week. The bill": is "East
Lynne."
.'•*\u25a0•* •
The Kloes Sisters, "imported direct
from Berlin." will do a sald-to-be won
derful acrobatic stunt at the Orpheum
this week. There are three of the Kloes
sisters, all young Kloes. Clayton 'Kenne
dy, arid Mattle Rooney bring a sketch,
and Haidee Weston will sing. The Road
Show next week.
The "Princess Fan Tan" continues for
to-day at the Chutes, '^Cleopatra Up to
Date" following, beginning to-morrow.
The Barnes Diving Elks continue.
-.\u25a0* * m \u25a0
"The Thoroughbreds" will continue the
burlesque wheel at the California.
\u25a0 The Central, under the new manage
ment, is apparently destined to live up to
Its old reputation as the home of the
mellowest of melodrama. Next Saturday
night the house will be reopened under
the Bishop management. It has been
splendiferously redecorated and recar
peted, and will be entirely recompanled.
The new company- includes j Robert
.Wayne, the leading man, Edna Archer
Crawford, the leading woman, George
Seymour, Prince Winters, William
Abrams, and Marie Howe.
First of the plays- to be given will be
"The Eye Witness,". by Lincoln J. Carter,
llght.: This picture is the picture of the
collection that lures me again and again,
and haunts me when I leave. There is
!n those flaminu clouds that . wonderful
metallic gorgeousness that we see in au-.
tumn sunsets, and that seems, iin the
picture, to be produced through some
"trick." And trick it is, this metallic re
production,' but a .trick of; legitimate art,
an achievement s of -genius." r .-;
Oh, yes, I have heard many worthy
folk cackle at it. . I have heard them cavil
over the "exaggeration" of it. But we
must'remember that' God hath, denied to
some the "seeing" eye. The-other people
have the "looking" eye. To them, per
haps, whose imagination is ; limited /to
the length of their senses, Breuer's "Sun
set" is exaggerated. V But for us to see
In It" a portrait of nature,: In her royal
robes of gold and vermilion, there Is
much of. joy in living.
Joseph 'Greenbaum's studio at 916 Mar
ket street— where he is a neighborly, neigh
bor of Latimer and other earnest fellows
—is one of the- most interesting workshops
in Bohemia. \u25a0 It Ms Interesting "]. from ." the
standpoint of achievement and from the
personality of the painter. i : ..<
v Though mightily :, busy— and ; no ; busier
chap -In ; " the colony,. is there than Joe
Greenbaum— a visitor is always; sure of a
.welcome-frthat. Is, L nearly, always. \ The
only," possible chance of the studio" door
not swinging \ wide* open iis the presence
of a sitter,' or the .exquisite little French
' model who has been Mr. | Greenbaum's in
spiration:-? of I such ; stunning A things as
shown "at Hopkins and -Tat 'the; Sequoia. '
' ; >,The • old . world J training -of , the • young
which will.Vve/producea for the first time
in New York "also dn' the same evening.
The "great scene" in "The Eye. Witness"
is where an automobile leaps a chasm
when the drawbridge is open.
Dick Hotaling's
New "Shylock"
To-morrow evening will add a new Shy
lock to history, entirely home-grown and
of other interest, eke one "Dick" Hotal
ing's. The man that does not want to play
Romeo, if he, wishes to play anything
marks out a Shylock. And Shylock is
Mr. Hotaling's desire. Prophecy would
be safer on Tuesday than to-day, but the
warrant for Mr. Hotaline's desire would
eeem totbe considerably more powerful
than in 'the usual case. I have not seen
the new Shylock act, but I have heard
Mr. Hotaling read,, and at this rarest of
accomplishments he is one of the most
accomplished it has been my luck to hear.
He besins with a voice that it is a- sin
to waste upon a private life, and reads
with what. If It- were a Mansfield one
spoke of. one would freely dub a brilliant
intelligence, not to speak of an unfailing
poetry. Mr. Hotaling has his own ideas
of Shylock, naturally— one that his lines
should be flavored Jewlshly, but we shall
see. That the performance will be inter
esting there is no manner of doubt, and
that the Doctor's Daughters, for whom
the affair will bo given, will be vastly
benefited thereby' the Majestic records
for to-morrow night handsomely testify.
Noted Musician
Has Passed Away
IX. -. .
Therefore to whom turn I but thee, the
Ineffable Name,
Builder and maker, thou, of houses not
made with hands!
What, have fear of -change from thee
who art ever the same?
Californian Is evident in v the execution of
these exquisite portraits, notably "La
Jeunesse" and "Beatrice." Later than
these are three heads, each with its own
Individuality and mood, that are simply
stunning. It is in this type of work, por
traiture, real arid ideal, that I like Green
baum best— and this not to undervalue his
landscapes, for in this phase of work he
has demonstrated his worth in some
paintable bits of Golden Gate Park, nota
bly about the^Chain of Lakes. \u25a0
In ~ these canvases there Is demonstra
tion of' a fine poetic feeling, a supercon
sciousness of the moods of nature. Take
those deep red sunsets of his,. for instance,
with the landscape aglow with the ruddy
light of) the lowering fireball. There you
have a little poem of departing day, but
bearing a new message— one of gladness
and cheer, a suggestion of eternal day?
. .-\u25a0 • \u25a0-' • '.*• .
I The Partington School of. Drawing and
Illustration, 424 Pine streetj presented to
its friends an exhibition of its work yes
terday S afternoon, and much honestly
•eamed"prajse was distributed by the visit
o'rs/'gpi, for the most part,, distributed
'fairlyT?!^-, :' « \u25a0.'..."\u25a0• \u25a0 "
: The:.gem' of thet exhibition was a por
trait? by* Mr. Partington— a , portrait that
"is strongly, reminiscent of the old Dutch
masters In coloj. Superb Is the tone of
the ' painting, .and in point of drawing it
is'a fit study for his very-much-in-earnest
pupils. :l- ;." -~-~~i±-£
In the studio-^and mightily gracing it—
hahg two portraits done by Mr. Parting
ton Sr.. one ;of Ina Coolbrith, and the
other, 'of her -companion in poesy, ,Joaquin
Miller.; Such; pictures as these are treas-
LARGER PICTURE IS OF NANCE
ONEIL AND THE SMALLER OF
EMILE SAURET, VIOLINIST.
Doubt that thy power can fill the heart
that thy power expands?
There never was one lost good! "What
was. shall lire as before:
The eyil is null, i 3 nought. Is silence
lnfplying sound;
What was good, shall be good, with,
for evil, so much good moreT
£m the earth the broken arcs; in the
heaven a perfect round. ;
XI.
And what is our failure here but a
triumph's evidence
For the fullness of the days? Have we
withered or agonized?
Why else was the pause prolonged but
singing might 4ssue thence?
Why rushed the discords in. but that
harmony should be prized?
Sorrow is hard to bear, and doubt Is
slow to clear.
Each sufferer says his say, his scheme
of the weal and woe:
But God has a few of us whom he
whispers in the ear:
The rest may reason and welcome: 'tis
we musicians know.
• xii. '».'-•'\u25a0':
Well, it is earth with me; silence re-
ures,, both 'from the standpoint of art
worth and public appreciation of the sub
jects. ':\i L *i
Among the praiseworthy work was
noted that of D. B. Martin, Miss E.
Charlton Fortune, Miss Gertrude. Morin.
Miss Dollie Trost. Miss Utchfleld, Miss
Sayles, Herbert -R. Chapin. and a half
dozen others whose ; names have lost
themselves somewhere . in my brain-cells
(assuming that I own some).
Out on Van Ness avenue, at 1431, the
Roorbachs— Eloise and G. S.— are holding
an interesting, exhibition of their work,
,most of which is production in oils.
During, the week many visitors enjoyed
a profitable hour among the pictures, and
during next week t it may fall to my lot
to see them. Unhappily-, we Inksters must
follow the physical law of being at but
one place at one time — hence the omis
sions of many worthy exhibitions and
many hours of pleasure.
Beginning December 14. and running
through the week, is a display of the pic
tures of Best's' art school at 916 Market
street. The hours of reception from 10
a. m. to 9 p. m.
a Since Mr. Best's return from Mexico,
where he became charged with the glam
our of the primitive country. . with its
.riotous color - ! and its picturesque * people,
he" has been an inspiration to his pupils.
| who, too, feel- the spell of the Landof
I the Aztec.
• • •
Ullle V. O'Ryan is o'er busy these
ante-holidays, working in her Pine-street
studio with a fine enthusiasm upon a large
sumes her reign;
I will be patient and proud, and sober
ly accuiesce.
Give me the keys. I feel for the com
mon chord again.
Sliding by semitones, till I sink to the.
v minor — yes.
And I blunt it into a ninth, and I stand
on alien ground.
Surveying awhile the heights I rolled
• from into the deep:
Which, hark, I have dared and done,
for my resting place is found.
The C major of this life; so, now I will
try to sleep.
• So. nobly sung, went Henry Holm?*
to his "perfect round." But a few of uh
knew until the dear clay was dust that
this splendid' old spirit had struck tho
C major of this life on a sad Saturday
a week ago. On Tuesday last, by hH
valiant wish, . rode forth alone on ttS
last ride the body of him who waj
Henry Holmes, friended only by the
song of him who was hi 3 friend. These
things were his wish, fine as the man
was fine; that Browning, friend of hi*
soul, living, should speak for him.
dead, in the brave creed of "Abt Vogler,"
and that Charles Keeler, gentle
poet lover, should voice the song. And
so it was done and "Abt Vogler" was
read, and other songs of Browning, air
voicing the bright faith of the old-mu
sician, and almost, think those who
were there, the fine old face smiled
from its heights of peace.
Seven years ago Henry Holmes came
here, with sons and .laughters to whom
he wished to giv- the larger chances of
the New World. From London, where
he was born in 1539. he came here, con
tinuing a career that was as remark
able aa it was honorable. Mr. Holmes
and his brother — also a violinist of dis
tinction — were pupils of their father.
.who most singularly could not play at
all himself, but whose teaching of thb
two youngsters wa3 of such success
ful nature as to meet the approval at
such men as Spohr. and to carry the
young players with all eclat through a
brilliant concert tour upon the Conti
nent. Mr. Holmes after this spent con
siderable time in Copenhagen,, Stock
holm and Vienna, during which time ho
came to know the Princess Alexandra,
now Queen of England, to whom. as
Princess of Wales, he gave lessons in
ensemble playing.
Afterward he settled in London, en
tering upon a career of brilliant and
varied artlvity.
He led the famous Holmes chamber
music concerts for a considerable pe
riod, winning here his first distinction.
After this he was chosen to succeed
Joachim as conductor oi tbe Monday
Popular Concerts; but it la possibly
as the founder of the orchestra of the
Royal College of Mu3lc that Mr.
Holmes la best known. ,
As a composer possibly his string
quartets and quintets, some of distin
guished beauty, best represent Henry
Holmes. His works, however, include
many other* forms of composition, sym
phonies, cantatas and violin works
among .them. One of his symphonies,
"Fraternity," was played by the local
symphony orchestra some few years
ago, under Mr. Holmes' own direction.
His quartets, too. have also been given
here, in the chamber musio concerts
led by Mr. Holmes, in which his gifted
little pupil. Kathleen Parlow. used to
play. Mr. Holmes" local career haa been
chiefly that of the teacher. It has been
marked. It seems almost superfluous t<>
say, by the samo high devotion to the
artistic Ideal, the same superb earnest
ness, the same magnificent conscience,
that has characterized his life through
out. . Compromise for him there was
none — things mundane might have
been less duiicult ha 3 there been. But
"The high that proved too high, the
heroic for earth too hard,"
Is for him no longer; and for us only
the tempered regret for one who has
done his work, and done It well.
The elect should note the announce
ment of a series of chamber music con
certs In contemplation by Wenzel Kopta
for the new year. The concerts are" to be
on a subscription basis, and Mr. Kopta
expresses his confidence -that "there are
sufficient lovers of classical chambe?
music in this city to support a series
of three chamber music concerts." Two
hundred subscribers only at $2 50. at
which price the season tickets are set.
will put the series on the necessary
safe, footing. These should be easily
found, and those desirous of becoming
subscribers will find subscription lists
at Sherman & Clay's, Kohler & Chases
and Benjamin Curtaz's music stores, or
address directly Mr. Kopta at lZt
Hyde street, or Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt.
1801 .Buchanan street.
The members of the quartet this sea
son are Wenzel Kopta. first violin; Hans
Koenig, second violin; Andre Verdier,
viola, and Wenneslas Vlllaipando, vio
loncello. Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt, as last
year, will be the pianist of the organi
zation.
Mr. Kopta's own violin recital is set
for Friday evening. January 5, at Stein
way Hall. He will be assisted by Mrs.
Oscar Mansfeldt at the piano and by
Mr. Gyula Urmay. who will do the ac
companying. Following is the very
good programme:
Piano and violin, sonata, op. 2*. F major
(Beethoven): fa) Allegro, (b) Adasto molto •:»
preslvo. tc) Scherzo, (d) Allegro ma non
troppo. Airs. O. Mansfeldt and W. Kopta; c~n
certo for violin, op. t5 (Bazzini): piano so'o.
Ballade. O minor (Chopin). Mrs. Oscar Mar3
teldt; violin soloe — (a) "Romance," cp. *S
(Salnt-Saens), <b> "Elfentana." op. «2 (Spies).
(c) "Canzonettn," from op. 35 (TschaJkowsky).
fd) "Slavish Dance." from op. 67 CDvoraU>.
(c) "Fantasia." sur 1© «extet de "Lucia •)!
Laminermoor," for violin alone (Lubln): f?rs
tasle»-bravura, "Moiae," for the G string only
(Payaninn.
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
oil portrait of Mrs. Fernando Pflngst.
This sparkling, clever, high-strung little
woman will enable Miss O'Ryan to pro
duce In San Francisco something of ths
type of work that won her recognition
in New York— where -recognition isn't
picked off rose bushes.
It Is somewhat amusing to hear pat
ronizing painter folk— mostly women, by
the way— say in a superior manner: **Why
doesn't Miss O'Ryan keep to her minia
ture work. She does that so well!**
In answer. I would say that miniatura
work— of .which Miss O'Ryan Is the Une3t
exponent on the coast, with Miss Grace
Wishaar a worthy second— was taken up
in San Francisco upon her arrival. 3imply
because there was v demand for it.
She had done many superb i^>rie* in
New. York, and her reputation had pre
ceded hw. The people here clamored for
miniature, to the exclusion cf large por
traits; and now the pendulum is swinging
back— hence the resumption of her paint
ing in oils, which she alternates with her
miniatures. I trust the apology will be
accepted.
The very qualities that distinguish Miss
©"Ryan's work have come Into it from
her big work; and that Is the secret of
the success of Grace Wishaar, whose
boldness of treatment has come to her
from— now, what do you, suppose?— from
scene painting in a theater.
Tht3 little woman, who doesn't look a
minute over 20, frail but terribly in ear
nest.* with a pair of black eyes that look
holes through you, is the scenic painter
of the Majestic and Ye Liberty theaters.
It. Is this training that is taking tho
namby-pambyism out of her miniatures.
3940
DRAMATICS HIT SMART SET
Trot out your buskins!
Brush up your Shakespeare— or your
O-orge Ade!
If you aren't up to your eyes in theatri
<als you're adjudged too old, too ugly or
too stupid to be eligible.
Therefore if you would escape the
calumnies of your smart friends— from
\u25a0whom you pray nightly to be delivered—
then sro at it at once.
During the week, and for many mad
weeks prec«ding, rehearsals have been
on In every polite block in the city.
First, there was the Spinners' Club's
performance of one of Miss Cameron's
plays, jrfven on Tuesday \u25a0at Mrs. de
Young's.
On Friday night Dr. J. Wilson Shiels.
Hichard Hotaling and a few clever folk
t^ave a playlet at the Olympic Club Yule
tide party, and gave It in capital shape,
1 am told. V
And here we are to-morrow nisrht to
have the biggest thing the town has seen
in amateur performances In twenty years
—at least since Judge Frank Murasky and
Richard Hoialing used to "do" Richelieu
and Richard 111. Can it be twenty years
gince then? Alas'. How time doth mock
us!
Even San Jose is infected. .On the
20th the smart maids in the Garden City
will tread the boards, but they will
Fing their story. They will produce "The
Mandarin," and I have heard, will sing
it admirably.
And Fruitvale, that quiet little nook
where even the winds disturb not Its se
renity, has had an attack, and is threat
ened with another.
It will be remembered that, under the
guidance of Mrs. Wetherbee, Frultvale
society presented "Pinafore" a short time
since. And now they are on a still hunt
for something else in the same line.
But isn't the recurrence of the theatri
cal fever a boon? Isn't it a blessed
ihine— that which interests us?
To such as love the player's part— and
of such are many of our gifted townsfolk
— the preparation of a play is as a sniff
of ocean breeze -to the weary.
Twenty years ago the dramatic epidemic
swept over the city.
And twenty years ago the skating mad
ness swooped over the town-
Is there any psychic relationship be
tween the two. that they should now re
appear together.
A pity that Professor Jerome Landfield,
he of the classic shades of Berkeley, Is
not to be found, to elucidate the prob
lem—Professor Jerry left for Arizona last
week, but the problem will be left open
for his return to college. ,
• « •
The following events made up the social
doings of the gay set:
SUNDAY.
Mrs. Robert Jaffray Dustan and Miss
Dorothy Dustan entertained at a large
tea in honor of Mrs. Philip Bancroft, Miss
Grace Mtllus and Miss Brent Watkins.
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Moore entertained
at a dinner at the St. Francis. Guests:
Hiss Helen de Young, Miss Ardella Mills.
Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Schwerin and Mr. and
Mrs. Carey Friedlander.
Miss Eleanor Connell, hostess at a mu
sical afternoon at the People's Place on
Lombard street.
MONDAY.
Mrs. Emma de Noon Lewis and Miss
Mabel de Noon, hostesses at bridge at
the Hotel Pendleton.
TUESDAY.
Miss Louise Redlngton, luncheon hos
tess In honor of Miss Elizabeth Hunt
ington. Miss Elizabeth Allen and Miss
Margaret Wilson.
Ebeli Club reception in honor of Its
twenty-ninth anniversary.
Mrs. George M. Converse, hostess at a
tea at her home on Laurel street In honor
of Miss Jeannette and Miss Marian '
"VVright.
Mrs. J. W. Wright, hostess at a box
party in honor of Miss Elsa Draper and
Mrs. Florence Land May, the guests In
cluding Miss Adeline Ricks, Major Wil
liam Stephenson. Colonel Thomas Wain-
Morgan Draper and Harry L. Paddock.
Mrs. Lucy Otis, hostess at a luncheon,
followed by bridge at the Hotel Knicker
bocker, entertaining Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, Mrs. George C. Boardman, Mrs.
Jra Pierce, Mrs.. Henry L. Dodge, Mrs.
George Glbbs. Miss Gwln and Mrs. Gale.
Dr. Harry Tevis, host at a theater
party, entertaining Mr. and Mrs. Samuel
Knight. Mr. and Mrs. Mountford Wilson
and Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Taylor.
Mrs. M. H. de Young, at home in honor
of the Spinners' Club, which produced a
dramatic sketch.
.Wedding of Miss Mabel Rogers and
Harry Buckley at the home of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. D.
Rogers, In Oakland.
Mies Agnes Buchanan, hostess at a
bridge #arty at her home on Green
street, in honor of Miss Gertrude Van
Wyck.
Mrs. Harry East Miller, hostess at a
luncheon at the Claremont Country Club,
in honor of Mrs. Frank Stringham
(Juliet Garber).
WEDNESDAY.
Mrs. F. W. Bradley, luncheon hostess
in the Palm Garden, in honor of Mrs.
Arthur Rickard of Berkeley.
Miss Ethel Crellin, hostess at an elab
orate tea at her home in Oakland, in
honor of Miss Jean • Downey and Miss
Marion Goodfellow, and also to announce
her engagement to Whipple HalL
Miss Georgie Spieker, hostess at a
bridge party at her home on Devisadero
street.
Miss Eleanor Connell, Mrs. Ottoßendix
and Charles H. Lombard entertained at
an informal dinner at the Sequoia Club,
followed by a dance.
Forum Club musicale, the programme
presented by Mile. Eleanore Joseph.
Mrs. William Llndsley Spencer en
tertained at a .large bridge party In
honor of her. sister, Mrs. Jane Ewell.
Mrs. O. D. Baldwin, hostess at a mu
sicale at her home in Green street,
honoring Captain and Mrs. B. M. Tray
ner of England.
Miss Elsa Draper, tea hostess in hon
or of Miss Grace Mellus of Los An
geles.
Miss Marguerite Barron, hostess at a
luncheon for the season's debutantes.
THURSDAY.
Miss Elizabeth Livermore, hostess at
the Gaiety Club dance given In Century
Club Hall.
Miss Gwln entertained a dozen guests
at bridge In her apartments at the Ho
tel Knickerbocker.
Mrs. William Porter, hostess at a
theater party In honor of Miss Grace
Mellus. •
Sequoia Club, musical programme
presented by Homer Henley.
Mrs. Claude Brigham, hostess at a
luncheon given at her home at Fort
Miley.
Miss Ann McElrath entertained at a
five hundred party at her home In Oak
land.
FRIDAY.
Mrs. La Boyteaux, hostess at bridge at
her home on Pacific avenue.. ' .
Friday Night Cotillon Club held Its sec
ond dance at the Palace Hotel.
Mrs. Thomas' Rickard, hostess at a
large reception at her home in Berkeley
in honor of Mrs. Arthur Rickard.
Town and Gown Club reception .in
Berkeley to Mr. and Mrs. Louis H. Earl
and Mr. and Mrs. Edward Eliassen.
Mrs. Seth Wilson Cushman and Mrs.
Alice Mason Barnett, hostesses at a mu
sical afternoon given at the Casa Loma.
SATURDAY.
Wedding of Miss Edwina Crouch and
Thomas Simpson at the home of the
bride In Sacramento.
Mrs. Margaret May and Mrs. William
Aloysius Sexton, hostesses at a large tea
at the May home on Fell street s»
Miss Amy White and "Miss Katherlne I
Buck, tea hostesses at the White home
on Jackson street. \
A stunning girl is Miss Margaret Gro3,
the erstwhile Parisienne, who like Miss
Helene Robson. Is apt to address you in
French if she isn't on guard.
Miss Gros wears her hair in the fash
ion that's affected by all Paris and all
smart Gotham— great masses of it piled
up and out, not only framing the face,
but making a foundation for the mad hats
that are de rlgueur.
This dressing of the. hair to fit the hat
has brought into vogue the time-honored
cachepeigne — the excrescence upon* a hat
that tilts it to the desired angle, and
from which dangle a dozen naughty little
curls.
At the dances Miss Gros is a dashing
damosel, and, although San Francisco
isn't Paris, she seems to have a merry
time at ahem— she and her devoted friend,
May Colburn. And apropos of Miss Col
burn, there's not a more charming girl in
town. Mrs. Ernest Stent is the nearest
approach to herein point of kindly dispo
sition and breeding. It takes the moni
tors of society to know who's who, and
it doesn't take us long to find out, either.
Such a worker as Miss McEwen, presi
dent of the Doctor's Daughters, would
make anything go. She's a wonder— she,
with Miss Jennie Blair as a side partner.
Together, I am firm In the belief that
they could conduct the city government, If
the Mayor wanted to take a holiday.
Since the munificent offer of Mr. Hotal
ing and the others of the "Merchant of
Venice" cast. Miss McEwen and her co
horts have attended to every detail of the
business of the affair, leaving to the gal
lant Mr. Shylock the details of the pro
duction, costuming, etc. And the ladles
are profuse In their laudations of him for
the, eplendid service he has already ren
dered them. -
But in the matter of programmes,
tickets, theater and arrangements therein,
the Daughters have done the bulk of the
work— and done it well.
No advertising solicitor waxed fat upon
their popularity — they got their own ad
vertisements, and by this expenditure of
energy and the pocketing of a little pride,
they have made many hundred dollars.
Mrs. E. de Noon Lewis and her win
some sister, Miss Mabel de Noon, were
hostesses at a second card affair last
Monday at .the Hotel Pendleton. Many
tables were placed for bridge and five
hundred, and a merry chatter followed
the distribution of the prizes — as is
usual.
The Gaiety Club dance on Thursday
night was a pretty affair, almost the
full complement of the membership be
ing on hand. So, too, wero the bach
elors, who may be labeled, as we do our
best canned fruits, "selected."
These thirty-five girls who compose
the tight little -clxih ballot for thirty
five men that shall be asked to the
dance.
Now, 'Us whispered that sometimes
the girls say things when the other
girls turn down the chaps they want.
But you 6ee reciprocity evens things up
-r-they all have their chance at the same
game some time.
The membership of the Gaiety Club
this year is as follows: Miss Helen
Percy Chesebrough, president; Miss
Lucy Gwln Coleman, secretary; Miss
Olga Atherton, Miss Dorothy Eells,
Miss Maude Bourn, Miss Newell Drown,
Miss Amy Brewer, Miss Sara Cunning
ham, Miss Edith Berry, Miss Natalie
Coffin,' Miss Marie Christine "de Gulgne,
Miss Helene Irwin t Miss Frances How-
IHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,- -DECEMBER 17, 1905.
ard, Miss Emily Wilson, Miss Anita
Harvey, Miss Elsie Tallant, Miss Ger
trude Josselyn, Miss Abby Parrott,
Miss Genevieve King, Miss Christine
Pomeroy, Miss Elizabeth Livermore,
Miss Maizie Langhorne and Miss Mar
garet Newhall. ?
Friday night's dance at the Palace-
Mrs. Ynez Shorb White's— was an emi
nently jolly affair, partaking much of the
hostess' personality.
But in essential points, it doesn't dif
fer In the least from the Assemblies, that
seemed to fulfill all the requirements of a
subscription club admirably. \
Young Piazzoni, the talented artist who
recently sold several important canvases
to Mrs. Will Crocker, left on Wednesday
for Europe, where he will resume his
work -among the galleries of the Old
World.
But before leaving, he took him to a
little church around ihe corner, and was
wedded. He was wedded to the charming
and talented sister of Arthur Del Mue, a
fellow-artist. , "/?&* '• . '
The bride is a singer a,nd a clever mu
sician, and the twain will study abroad
the lines that most appeal to them.
The searchlight upon the initial month
of 1906 shows it not to be barren of
events, those already v within the percep
tion including two weddings, a dance and
several large reception days.
Toward the middle of the month Miss
Alice Treanor will exchange marriage
vows with Clarence Oddie, the event to
be surrounded by much brilliance.
Passage to Europe has already been se
cured and Mr. Oddle expects to spend
six month's on a continental tour with his
bride. '
Tonopah will be the site for the Oddle
home upon return, though much time
will also be passed in San Francisco.
Miss Frances Stewart will receive \u25a0; on
the first and third Mondays in January,
while Mrs. William T. \u25a0 Baggett and ; Miss
Nell Rose Baggett have announced that
they will be at home the third and fourth
Mondays at St.'.- Dunstan's.- -"\u25a0
Mrs. Eleanor; Martin is to receive at
two elaborate affairs from 3 to 7 on first
and third Fridays in January ; at ;, her
Broadway home. y-«f/?..\; ; V
•s« • v - •
January 13 ; has been denoted ;3f! /the'
date for the next dance of the San .Fran
cisco Yacht Club," and this affair'at-Sau
salito is already promoting many"^ delight
ful conjectures. " .
•\u25a0; \u25a0 • " •*
/.The nuotials of Miss Ellse Gregory
and Dr. Richardson of Angel Island .will
probably take place In January's last
week.",- '\u25a0'"i^i/^'V'-S"'-' "•'-?'*'/}
The important : post-Christmas affair: is'
the dance to be given by Colonel Thomas
Wain-Morgan' Draper In the \u25a0 new Golf
and Country,
SALLY SHARP
Colonel Draper honors . his daughter,
Miss Elsa, on this occasion, and the very
lucky ones on the guest list are in high
feather of expectancy, for the Draper
hospitality means everything that Is' de
lightful. • .
\u2666 ' • \u25a0 " . •
Mrs. William Lender's apartments at
St. Dunstan's will, be filled tomorrow
with a host of friends who are inform
ally bidden to greet Mrs. Jack Johnston
of Los Angeles. This young matron holds
undj.mlntshed . her favored position with
the associates of \u25a0; her girlhood days, and
with each return to San Francisco Mrs.
Johnston is overwhelmed with . welcome.
She will remain a week or two. still
undecided as to the disposition of the
holidays, but in the meantime there
will' be several Jolly reunions surround
ing the Southern visitor.
The next large dancing affair of, the
Presidio residents takes place Tuesday
evening when a hop will be ' given to
include several townspeople besides
those resident of the neighboring
posts. ,
Mrs. J. Parker Currier will be a host
ess of Tuesday, her apartments at St;
Dunstan's to be the 'scene of a ; large
luncheon at 1 o'clock, when, many
guests will enjoy the unbounded hospi
tality: of this hostess. '\u25a0•'\u25a0
The.weddlng of Miss Louise Whitney
and Harry Young will take place^next
Saturday, the ceremony -\u25a0': to be V quietly
performed at the Whitney home in San
ta Barbara.. • . '. \ - \u25a0.'.--
A number of San Franciscans are
among those .fortunate to be'; bidden' to
the ; service; the fair bride holding
many, warm friends %?. in \ this - city, "and
among the bridal •" party ' are Miss > Flor
ence "Hammond,. Miss /\u25a0 Clara \u25a0; Swelgert
and; Miss Amy. Broome.7 " /\u25a0''
The ; home of * the : young couple -will
be made: for a time with Mr. and Mrs.
Edward B. Young In this city.';
; Mrs.", Roy . McCabe * ; (Edith : ( Gaskill)
will^be greeted, by. several; friends next
Saturday, -when the"? Palm Garden t will
be . the scene! of a\luncheoh.v : ln honor
of ;tbe young bride, Mrs. Charles p.
Scott has asked some of the more inti
mate associates to meet for a merry
chat about the board.
Mrs. McCabe has been living at the
McCabe ranch; near Byron, since her
marriage, and not many opportunities
are afforded these days for seeing her.
Nearly at the eve of Kris Kringle's
advents will; come the second Grecnway
dance, and this, as its predecessors,
will command the , earnest attention of
the smart set. The gay holiday air will
add zest to the dancers, and there is no
more subtle Incentive to festivity than
the -irresistible Influence of. the Yuletide.
Wednesday also will see the mar
riage in. Santa Cruz of Miss Eva Bow
man and . Ray Judah of this city, the
young couple to make their -home In
Los Angeles.
•A bride of the southland will likewise
plight her troth on that day, MJss Ger
trude Jacks of San Luis Obispo to wed
with Charles Kaetzel, a prominent young
attorney of; that region. Their wedding
tour will include San Francisco, where
both have wide acquaintance, Miss Jacks
with her sister Ethel having spent much
time in our society set.
An event, of Berkeley on Wednesday
evening will, be the wedding of. Miss Jean
Downey and Hugh Goodfellow, the service
\6 be read at 8:30 at, the. residence of the
bride's parents, Mr. and. Mrs. Andrew
Downey. V .... v. , . \u0084' ..-..-
'In* the" bridal party will be Miss^Lllllah
Downey, > as maid of: honor, with Miss
Mary Downey, Miss Ethel Crellin, Miss
Marian Goodfellow and Miss" May Coogan
as bridesmaids. .. '-. • \u25a0 , : . .
'J> Not ; a great number of cards have been
issued, ;: the ceremony | to |be only, tor rel
atives and the closer, family friends. ; Rev.
K,E. Baker .of , the First Presbyterian
Church is to read. .
Mr. arid Mrs., James Spalding (Georgie
Lacey) \u25a0\u25a0 sailed ; yesterday for the Ha
waiian Islands, where Mr. Spalding has'
large < plantations. \u25a0
•\u25a0-•;-•
Mrs. : Seth Wilson 1 Cushman and . Mrs.
iAllco Mason ; Barnett held a ? very> pretty
and \ enjoyable affair Friday, afternoon -in
• NG -r J2 tr SS^. CA:LJFORNIAN ' "RTOO HAS ALMOST BECOME A PARISI
13: THE INDOMITABLE PRESIDENT OF THE DOCTORS DAUGHTERS.
AND A YOUJJG WOMAN WHO TVA3 HOSTESS LAST WEEK AT CARDS.
the reception hall of Casa Loma. Music,
the motif, was delightfully given, the
two hostesses giving several numbers,
assisted by . Miss Winifred June Morgan
of Oakland,' who ; played her violin ex
ceedingly-well.':'-'-Palms, r as a background
to great bunches of vivid berries, gave a
most attractive effect, and the guests— a
comfortable number— passed a very enjoy
able hour or so..
• . • *
Miss Georgie Spleker, Miss Elsa Draper
and Mrs. William Llndsley Spencer have
been hostesses of the week, each * enter
taining In varied manner, with Informal
ity creating most harmonious conditions.
. The beautiful Crellin home on Jackson
streetin Oakland was a BCene of merri
ment last Wednesday afternoon when
Miss Ethel Crellin entertained at a
luncheon In honor of two coming brides
—Miss Jean Downey and ...ass > Marian
Goodfellow.
The'prime motif of this "affair had been
removed by too Insistent' tongue*, «•* for
Miss Crellin. had intended to convey a
pretty secret .to her ' friends— her • be
trothal to Whipple Hall.' Congratulations
were. poured upon the young hostess by
her guests.
A tea followed the luncheon, the after
noon callers being received by the earlier
guests as a receiving party, among whom
were: Miss Lillian Downey. Miss Jean
Downey, Mls3 Mary Downey. Miss Mar
rion Goodfellow, Mls3 Edith Beck, Ml*»
Charlotte Hall. Miss Catherine Alien,
Miss Claire Chabot. Miss May Coogan.
Mi«s Elsie Everson, Miss Bessie Reed.
Miss Emily Checkering. Miss Carolyn
Palmanteer. Miss Irene Bangs, Miss Lu
cretla Burnham. Mrs. Traylor Bell. Mrs.
John J. Valentine Jr., Mrs. Robert M.
Fitzgerald, Miss Emma Mahoney. Mrs.
Samuel T. Hall and Mrs. Thomas Crellin.
• • ••
Tuesday's three affairs of import
were the luncheon of Miss Louise Red-
Ington. given to the trid of contempo
rary fiancees; the tea. at Mrs. Converse s
Laurel-street home, fn honor of the
Misses Wright, and Miss Agnes Bu
chanan's bridge party. At the latter
affair Miss Gertrude Van Wyck was
made the motif, as her departure for Eu
rope Is a near-by occurrence. .
On the Oakland side. Mrs. Frank String
ham (Julie,t Garber) was greeted for the
first time since her marriage by a dozen
friends bidden by Mrs. Harry East Miller.
A luncheon was served at the Clare
mont Country Club, the guests including
Mrs. Stringham. Mrs. George Wheaton.
Mrs. Edson Adams, Mrs. Frederick Mc-
Leod Fenwick. Mrs. Walter Starr. Mrs.
Charles Wlngate and Mrs. Herbert Mof
ntt.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs* William Aloyslus Sexton
are most cozily settled In apartments in
the home of Mrs. Margaret May on Fell
street, where they will remain the winter.
Yesterday Mrs. Sexton, with her
mother, Mrs.. May. received a largo
number of callers between 4 and 6, this
being the first opportunity for the bride's
many friends to greet her since her mar
riage.
SOUL BUXDNESS ADDED
TO LIST OF DISEASES
Vldlm Able to S**, bnt Cannot Itea«l
anil Ha* l.tiyne* ot
Memory.
BERLIN', Dec. 16.— "Soul blindness"
is the name given by Professor Schus
ter to the latest discovered disease. An
elderly man who had received a good
education arrived recently from Russia
end placed himself under Schuster's
care. He was suffering from curious
lapses of memory and mental associa
tion. Schuster put him under observa
tion and found he could not read, that
the series of letters forming word 3 per
fectly familiar to him conveyed . no
meaning to his mind. He spoke quite
coherently and showed no other symp*
toms of disease.
He was asked to write the simple
sentence, "I am hungry." but . when
Schuster asked him to name the indi
vidual letters and point them out he
could riot do 30. His sight was normal;
.he recognized and named all the ob
jects around him. but when the sim
plest objects were sketched on paper
he was utterly at fault and unable to
say whether a boat wa3 a tree or a
house.
Professor Schuster explains the dis
ease by saying the connection between
his visual organs and his powers of
associating ideas has been sundered,
and it Is doubtful whether t! j connec
tion will ever again be made.
Equally singular Is a discovery made
by Dr. Her t wise of Stuttgart, who has a
woman under treatment who while In
a state of somnolency is in possession
of all her waking faculties; when ad
dressed she answers clearly and sen
sibly; In speaking to her It is not neces
sary to raise the voice above a whis
per. Her eyes are closed as in ordinary
sleep, but when spoken to she sees
everything around her with which she
Is familiar steeped In a deep blue at
mosphere.
Van Alen Busy With Ills Garden.
LONDON. Dec. IS.— 'Mr. Van Alen 13
now In town, but is up and down from
Rushton a good deal. He is very busy
with his house, but especially his gar
den, which Is going to be a wonderful
success, 'entirely transformed .with
quaint yew hedges,"- rose gardens,- rock
gardens, water" gardens and all the
latest horticultural fashions. At pres
ent the place, is a wilderness, but It is
laid out by a thoroughly good lanu
aenpe; gardener. Roses from Lyons, flr
trees from Scotland, fruit trees from
Kent, orchids from South America, are)
among, the luxuries being ordered.largFcancer
iis! her breast
In Woman's Breast Any Lump
Is Cancer.
Wrs. S. L. M. Croslcy of 907 McAllister
•tree t. this titty, was given up by surgreons
to die over a year ago with large cancers
of the breasu side and armoit.
She has just been cured with only two
\u25a0weeks' treatment by the use of that most
wonderful Island plant remedy used by
l>r. and Mrs. Dr. Chamley & Co.
All the papers have been full of reports
of their almost miraculous cures, but
their success in this case surpasses all
others. Honesty is their policy: they
treat every case personally, without knife
or pain, charge nothing until cured and
offer HOOO if they fail to cure any cancer
"ley treat before it hals poisoned deep
glands or caused hemorrhage. They have
vie bestso-cent book ever printed on can-
cers, sent free to those- who describe. their
cases.
Dr. S R. Chamley. the author, is the
acknowledged authority in America on
cancer This book is full of testimonials
irom doctors, ministers, bankers and
hundreds of others cured in every town
a. I over the Pacific Coast. To get this
valuable book address 25 Third street, San
Francisco. Cal. "
ED. PINAUD'S
_V>^ PEHFUIE
EAU DE QII.MXE HAIR TOXIC
EI.IXIU nE.NTIFUICE
E ?l PIXAID'S IVrfume, the exquis-
:te. the fashionable.
ED. PIXALD'S Ean dc Qulnlnr Hair
Tonic.- the :laos.t famous toilet prepara-
tion in the world — makes the hair more
tcaut»ful, more lustrous, cleanses th*
scalp. of dandruff. Used and endorsed
th*- Avorjd over by people of rood
VA f -d5Ej? and refinement.
-^k..1. HIXAITD'S EHxtr Dentifrice, the
m<'=t perfect preparation for whitening
and preserving: the teeth.
f"rtlFl"- ED PINACD'S EAU DE QUI-
L EC !\u25a0 Ik NINE HAIR TONIC for three ap-
rnrr pnc«tioo«; hd. pinauds ex-
I 1 1 1» I* QUISITE PERFUME for five
. \u25a0 ' Urhifs,- ahd famous ELIXIR DEN-
TIFRICE for.' five tlmea. Send loc to pay
I . slags, and packinir.'-
VY.Ilt JU UAT £d.Pin»cdßldg.. Hew York City
Of All Holiday Display*
This season the beauty and attractive
ness of one in particular has captivated
more than passing attention from fem
inine *y<;s. It .is the gathering" together
of European and domestic creations in
fashionable wearing apparel for wo
rafN. children and infants, as seen In
tiieistorc qf I. .Magnin & Co., 91S-922
Market street, San Francisco.
Here olio . sees- -choicest of exclusive
imj.ortort- Tf.inil-embroidered lingerie in
single pieces', and sets; innumerable
styles in fancy waists for street and
t-vemngr'we-ar — creations from the fore
most Parisian designers; handsome im
ported negljgees, tea gowns; pretty im
ported neckwear and belts, hand-em
bmidert-d silk hosiery and vests; dainty
hand-embroidered handkerchiefs from
France, Germany and Switzerland;
every requisite for the complete outfit
tir.g'of misses and children in the line
of tailor-made suits, coats, dresses r.nd
millinery of direct importation and all
necessities as well as novelties for in
fants.
The distinctive style character of the
g-oods shown at I. Magnin & Co.'s are
not seen in the g-arments shown else
where.
Holiday shoppers who desire some
thing out of the ordinary always find
that the styles shown at this store are
abtrara the most satisfying, being- espe
(M :iy appropriate and most acceptable
r¥: holiday prifts.
Complain of Water S«pP>r.
The residents in the vicinity of Ful
ton and Shrader streets yesterday filed
s petition with the Board of Supervi
sors complaining- of the water supply
la their vicinity. They declare it is im
possible to Ret water at certain hours
during the day and argue that should
a fire start the entire neighborhood
v /ould soon be burned out. .
GET BUSY!
The CbrUtmM Tree Contest on paces
4S and 49 has $300 In cash and prices.
Don't yon want one? •
WANTS A DIVORCE. — Suit for divorce was
fii(-i j-esterfiey by Laura aralns: Jacob Bern
stein. Mrs. Bernstein alleges that her hus
bartd has cruelly treated her. ,
CHRISTMAS GIFTS
ftt Flistcr s
A \ "THE STORE FOR QUALITY"
V KNIT COO£IS OUR SPECIALTY
O — o;o ; . . [' \.. ." '°!
1 For Women For Men
Sweater Jsctets 3.50 t0 8.00 Sweaters 2.00 t0 6.00
sm vests 1.25 to 6.50 JerseFS .....2.50 to 4.00
SMrt Waists .... 1.15 to 15.00 Underwear I.oo'to 12.50
NEGtwcar 25c to 2.50 Hosiery 25c to 50c
Hosiery 25c to 5.00 Cardigan Jackets 2.25 to 6.00
SkHWIS 1.25 to 2.50 Batß EODes .....:.. 5.00 to 12.50
Ifistting Snits 3-00 to 25.00 Bathing Suits 1.00 to 8.00
O \u25a0 O €5 '— O
o ° o— — ~ —°
For Infants k For Boys
Sweaters-- 50c to 1.25 Sweaters 60c to 2.50
Silt HOOHS 50C to 2.25 JeiSOT 1.25 to 2.25
scones 50c to 1.50 Tennis Rackets ...... 1.00 to 9.00
Leggin Drawere 50c ta 75c Boiing Gloves ...... 1.00 to 8.00
Booues 20c to 50c Striding Bags i.so to 7.50
Mittens 25c to 50c Complete BaseUall Outfit ...... 1.50
• Uto Vests 25c to 2.25 \u25a0 Scnool Pennants : 60c to 1.00
| o : ; -° ° — — °
MERCHANDISE ORDERS ISSUED.
I Xmas s KNiTilriNGcp. S ; F ;
DREADS FUTURE
AND ENDS LIFE
Mrs. Lillie Arditto Commits
Suicide While Despondent
Over Husband's Sickness
DRINKS CARBOLIC ACID
Leaves Pitiful Note, Plead
ing That Kindness Be Ex
tended to Her Two Babies
Mrs. Lillie Arditto committed suicide at
her residence, 3156 Twenty-fifth street,
shortly before noon yesterday by drink
ing the contents of a bottle of carbolic
acid. Despondency caused by her hus
band's epileptic fits is attributed as the
only reason for the rash act. Her hus
band. David Arditto. a bricklayer, em
ployed by the Board of Public Works,
had one of the fits in front of his resi
dence on Friday night, which almost
drove her frantic.
Shortly before noon Mrs. Arditto's little
Sirl Grade, 5 years of age, was in the
house, with her and the child saw her
drink the poison. She screamed and ran
to her aunt. Mrs. Lizzie Brumfleld, who
lives at 3162 Twenty-fifth street, and told
what her mother had done. Mrs. Brum
field ran to the house and at once sum
moned Dr. H. O. yon der Lieth, who
found on arriving that there was no hope,
and Mrs. Arditto died in a few minutes.
The body was removed to the Morgue by
Deputy Coroner Brown.
Besides the little girl there is another
daughter Madeline, 7 years of age. Mrs.
Arditto was 26 years of age and her
neighbors all speak well of her.
She had left a note written in pencil
which reads:
"For God's sake, be good to my babies.
I tried to live for their sakes, but the fu
ture looks darker than the past, and 1
can't stand it any longer. I would like to
take them with me, but I haven't the
courage. I can't stand it any longer. Oh,
my God, be good to my babies! I hate tc
leave them, but if I stay I might make
things worse for them. Be good to them
and remember every time you say a harsh
word to them you are hurting me. Good-by
all, and God blfcss you! God forgive me, I
am a coward. Don't be mean to Made
line. If she is a little wild she will grow
out of that after a while, and pleas-i be
good to her. If you possibly can keep
both my babies together: don't separate
them."
GREAT OIL COMPANY
HAS GIGANTIC TANKS
Associated Wells Supply One
Third of State's Con
sumption.
Oil well discoveries, the building of
pipe lines, and the general marketing
of fuel oil constitute a great and vital
industry in California to-day. The As
sociated Oil Company has won particu
lar distinction by handling all those
problems to the satisfaction of its cus
tomers and to the betterment of thase
industries that "depend upon fuel oil.
The magnificent plant of the Associ
ated Oil Company has been greatly en
larged and improved'dtrrJng the last
year both by the expenditure of skill
and money and by the acquirement of
the Amalgamated Oil Company's plant
and business
Formerly the Associated Company
operated in the Kern River and McKit
trick districts only, but its new hold
ings include magnificent properties in
the Coalinga and Los Angeles oil belts.
The output of the company is very
large and its facilities are the very
best. Tankage capacity of 3,000,000
barrels has been provided, which in
sures a steady supply. Strange as il
may seem, this great company is to
day furnishing more than one-third of
the fuel oil used in the State.
The Associated Oil Company is now
ready to ship from its own tanks, and
stations to all points in California and
Arizona.
Xatlve Daughter*' Children's Xlght.
Yosemite Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West will have a
Christmas tree party for children in
Mission Opera Hall on the evening of
next Friday. Presents and candies will
be given the litles ones and a pro
gramme of entertainment for the
parents and invited guests will be pro
vided.
Christina* at Del Monte.
Enjoy the golf, the glass-bottom
boats, hot salt water swimming, riding,
driving and <ennis. Special tickets,
good leaving San Francisco by any
train from' Friday, December 22, re
turning any train Tuesday. December
\u25a0>6 Round trip rate, including four
days' accommodations at DEL MONTE,
only $13.00. Through train, with parlor
carl leases Third and Townsend daily
at 3; returning, leaves Del Monte at
8:30 a. m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLy SUNDAY, DECEMBER,; 17, 1905.
LEACH TELLS
ABOUT ADAMS
Explains How the Seattle
Cashier Stole a Fortune
in Gold Dust of Miners
SUEE TEAP IS LAID
Director Eoberts Lends His
Assistance to Catch a
Very Cunning Criminal
Frank A. Leach, superintendent, and
George E. Roberts, director of the
United States Branch Mint in this city,
returned from Seattle yesterday, where
they had been investigating: the theft
of about $160,000 in gold dust, deposited
within the last five or six years by, min
ing men at the Seattle assay office., The'
arrest of George E. Adams, the cashier,
and hla confession have been already
published. He is now in jail at Seat
tle, his bondsmen having surrendered
him.- Mr. Roberts will letve for Wash
ington this morning.
Mr. Leach tells an interesting story
as to the manner in which Adams suc
ceeded in abstracting the gold ;dust
without suspicion. It appeared' that
gold dust reaching the assay office dur-,
ing the forenoon was weighed .on" re
ceipt and then sent to .the 'melter, who
also weighed it, after which it. was
melted into bars. Gold, dust arriving in
the afternoon was, taken charge of by
Adams and placed in hla safe over
night in order that it might Jbe turned
over to the melter in the morning.
Adams kept. in his pockets a quantity
of different sizes of veterinary capsules,
containing one-half ounce,;. one _ ounce
and two ounces of sand respectively.
GIVES SAND FOR GOLD.
Then,- from a package of gold dust,
according to its weight, Adams would
extract from half an ounce to two
ounces of gold dust and replace the
weight taken with sand. He began, in
1901 to take about one-quarter of 1 per
cent, but -lately he raised the quantlty
to nearly 2 per cent. There is always
some shrinkage in the weight of gold
dust when it is made Into bars be
cause of sand that is taken outof it be
fore being melted, but the shrinkage at
the Seattle assay office was so much
greater than normal that complaint-was
made to Washington by some of the de
positors and Messrs. Leach and Roberts,
were sent to investigate the matter last
month.
It was thought at first, that the leak
age was in the melting room, and in or
der to discover the thief packages of gold
dust that had been cleaned of all the
sand and some that. had been cleaned of
all but a certain weight of sand were
«ent to the assay office in the forenoon
and direct to the melter. It was returned
of the correct weight and not more than
normal shrinkage. The cashier being the
only other person in charge of the gold,
was then suspected, and a package of
cleaned gold dust was sent to the office
in the afternoon bo that Adams might
put it into his safe. When it reached the
melter it showed the correct weight, but
contained a Quantity of sand eaual in
weight to the gold abstracted. A pair
of sold scales belonging, to Adams was
found in his safe. . ;". \u25a0 :\u25a0 : • • - .
ADAMS A RICH MAX.
. Adams was arrested on November 23
and $12,000 in currency was found on his
person. He also turned over to his cap
tors $400 worth of stolen- gold dust and
$7000 was found In his house. He admit
ted that during the present year he had
taken $35,000 worth of dust, but that was
all the admission he would. make.
Adams is wealthy and penurious. He
had invested $50,000 in real estate, he
owned an irqn works at Bellingham Bay,
he had $10,000 invested in a real estate
and insurance business, he bought a new
style of automobile whenever one came
out and he built a fine residence for him
self at a cost of $20,000.
Merrill A. Martin, assistant assayer at
the branch mint in San Francisco, has
been ordered to Seattle to take charge of
the assay department and L. S. Kerfoot
will take the position of chief clerk.;
MRS. BENSON SAYS SHE
WAS INCORRECTLY QUOTED
Paper Prepared fot Her, She Declares,
Related. Only to Marriage, Race
Suicide and Divorce.
In The Call of December. ls was an
article on a meeting of the Political
Equality Club of Berkeley, .in which
it. was stated that a paper prepared
by Mrs. Louise Benson was read. In
The Call article it was stated that Mrs.
Benson argued for women's participa
tion in law-making powers, especially
where laws that bear most directly
upon women's interests are concerned.
Upon that subject Mrs. Benson asks
a correction, saying: "The paper was
an unbiased examination from histori
cal and scientific standpoints, of vari
ous expert opinions upon the three
questions named — marriage, race sui
cide and divorce — and had no reference
to womanhood snffrage, nor to the
views of ex-President Cleveland - re
garding the suffrage. The words 'suf
frage' and 'franchise' were foreign to
my paper, nor did I argue for woman's
participation in law-making powers."
A Hotel of .Comfort.
San Francisco contains many build
ings as well as many nooks and parks
that are famous for their originality or
their historic* association. The Occi
dental Hotel is one of the hostelries of
the city, and of the world for that mat
ter, Which has virtues that make it
stand apart.- . .
The cozy and ample rooms, the cen
tral location, the food one gets there
and the people one meets there — these
make the Occidental forever homelike
and forever welcome. •
distinguished travelers from the Ori
ent, naval and military men of note, as
well as pioneers and men and women of
leisure choose the Occidental as a quiet
place of comfort and rest.'
It ia difficult to define' that subtle
charm which inheres in some places,
but in some indescribable way the Oc
cidental has an atmosphere that lures
and holds lovers of good living. There
is probably no hotel in America that
has more of that haunting attractive
ness' that delights the guest than is
found at the Occidental, as If the spirit
of some historic inn dwelt within the
walls of the attractive. Montgomery
street hotel. Its central location does
not destroy the quiet that is one of its
principal charms. ; '^ •.- .*
To Help Grand "Army Post.
Next Tuesday evening the ladies of
the F. C andL Club will hold a bazaar
in . the Ancient Order of ; Foresters'
building in aid. of Meade Post No. 48. 0f
the Grand Army of the Republic. There
will be a programme of entertainment
and the ladies will have many fancy
articles suitable for Christmas gifts;
which they have made and donated,
with the Idea of selling, so as to add to
the fund which is used by the post to
relieve the wants of old soldiers , of the
Civil War and their families. .-\u25a0> '• ;\u25a0;
McNeil Arrested on 'Suspicion.
J. H. McNeil.. a paperhanger,' was ar
rested yesterday by. Detectives'Mathe
son and Mulcahey. He was working at
the ; residence of Henry v Tagge at 1317
Plrio street and- is suspected; of having
stolen $160 from a bureau drawer.- .
» ' \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0•.' '\u25a0 ; , :
Silk Waist Patterns
A gift any lady will appreciate—
."silk waist patterns of/ fancy fig-
ured, plaid, Dresden and plain col-
ored taffeta and Louisine silks,
also many novelty silks: each, pat-
tern contains a full waist length ;
specially priced from $2 60 to' slo
each.
!'" -There are now but six more days left for Christmas buying. As the great gift day approaches
nearer the crowds in our store are become greater. We suggest your buying, as soon as possible and
as early in the morning as convenient. Whether you want an ex pensive gift or one for a few cents
you will. find the desired, articles in the merchandise we are showing, which has been gathered from
every quarter of the globe. .Furthermore, every price is as low as it can be — every quality as good
as can be offered at the price. .. '
Handkerchiefs Make Good Gifts
The handkerchief is. to-day one of the accepted articles for.
holiday giving. The. qualities and designs we are showing are
the kind the recipient would admire and give you credit for
good taste in making the -selection. - • (
\u25a0-Ladies'^ handkerchiefs,: in plain, Children's handkerchiefs, plain
hemstitched or embroidered i and and initialed, with colored borders;
in lace edges, pure linen,. at I2^c, put up in fancy boxes at 15c, 25c
'15C1V25C*, 35c, 50c to' $1.00 each. and 50c a box.
•Ladies'* sheer", linen handker-. Men's pure linen handkerchiefs,
chiefs with hand embroidered mi- neatly hemstitched, with hand-em-
25c and s°c each. . ~' - - -m r r
I adies' Duchesse, Point and Ar- V,^"'^ mufflers of fine quality
i.aaies> i^uv. , eilk, Ij4 yards long and all hand-
menian lace handkerchiefs; . our . hemstitc hed;- $1.50 to $3.00 each.
own importation, at $1.00, $1.50, Also full dress mufflers at $2.00 to
$2.00 \ip to $3-5° each. $3.50 each.
Holiday Sale of Stylish Feather
Boas and Stoles
• Thls^xceptional sale of feather boas should interest all ladies
right now, when holiday goods are uppermost in their minds.
These boas comprise Fashion's newest creations and are priced
from one-fourth to one-third less than their real value. The sale
represents the latest imported Cocque and Marabout feather
.boas, stoles and capes in solid white, black, brown and gray, and
also white combined with the following colors : Black, pink,
lio-ht blue, gray, brown and other dainty colors. On sale to-
morrow at these prices :
Styles worth $8.50 and $g.50 each— Sale price $5.50.
Styles worth $15.00 and $17.50 each — Sale price $12.00.
• Styles worth $25.00 and $32.50 each— Sale price 519.00.
Glove and Merchandise Orders
.'We issue Glove and Merchandise Orders for any amount, which will be honored at their face
value in any of our 30 departments. Thus the recipient has the choice of goods as to color, size, pat-
tern or.style. The "Orders" will be on sale at a separate counter, where they may be purchased
quickly without the slightest delay.
Vienna Leather Bags
One-Fifth off Regular^ rices : & i:
\ Our entire stock of Vienna vf novelty Handbags will be sold
out'. right, now while there is a J demand for the goods at 20 per
cent off regular prices. 'The ; bags are .rhade of the finest assorted
leathers and present a great assortment of exquisite colors; ail
' are- beautifully lined with'silk and fitted, some with coin purse,
: others with purse and card case. .A splendid chance to buy a
beautiful. gift at a substantial saving. . '
Ladies' Silk Petticoats for $5.00
Ladies' underskirts, made from, a good quality black taffeta
silk, deep accordeon pleated flounce trimmed with ruffle; also
silk dust ruffles. We have marked these skirts $5.00, but their
sale price is not-an indication as, to their value, for they are
considerably underpriced. " We guarantee the skirt to give ab-
/"\«-,-l/a*i ; D.t^ TV/To ti From this advertisement. Goods will be shipped Ti*v-»<* -C-**- /^T-i.-«o *-•\u25a0»-»««
Order. J3y : Mail promptly so as to reach you in ppci cn ty O f * ime tor Christmas
MASONIC OFFICERS
- ARE INSTALLED
Public Given Opportunity to
See How They Are
Inducted.
The officers of Presidio Lodge No. 334,
F. and A. M., were installed in public
in Cotillon Hall, on Polk street, last
night by Retiring Master Frank G. Wat
son in the presence of a large number
of people, many of the audience being
ladies. The hall- was beautifully, deco
rated for the occasion and the ceremony
was conducted in a most impressive man-
, VERY
Cheap Prices
China Crockery
Dolls Glassware
Christmas
Holiday Goods
COME EARLY*
See Our Tempting Prices
Great American Importing Tea Co. >
:tt. s -SAN FRANCISCO STORES*
861 Market St. 213 Sntter St.
140 6th St. - 475 HalKht St.
146 9th St. 3006 16 th St. 1
355 Haye. St. 3285 Mission St. I
206 3d St. • . 2732 24th St.' 5
2516 3lt.slon St. 1832 Union St. B
705 Larkln St. 621 "•»*«'"' St * I
200S Flllmore. 405 4th St. - - \u25a0
B2 Market St. 1810 Devlsadero g
I4l9PolkSt. :,; .. I
;; OAKLAND STORES J 5
1053 WashlniC'n. 1185 23d A ye. ' B
1510 7th St. 616 E. 12th St. |
2141 Center St.,' Berkeley. _ H
1355 Park St.. Alameda.-^;;^ B
bur 100 stores I
'help us to help you I
' Kcarny. and Satter Streets *®*-^^^mujMJMSSP-
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS
An Array of Dainty and Useful Holiday Gifts
ner. After the installation of the follow
ing named elected and appointed officers
there was an interesting literary and mu
sical programme, under the direction of
Past Master Varnfey G. Gaskill, master of
ceremonies: R. A. Gfier, worshipful mas
ter; L. E. Bowin, senior warden;. Herman
Locks, Junior warden; A. J. Vinlng, treas
urer;-B.L. .Hesseltine, secretary; F. M.
Jackson, chaplain; J. B. Glennie, mar
shal; C. B. Mitchell, senior deacon; Wil
liam A.' Sherman, junior deacon; A. E.
Denke and A. E. Schumann, stewards,
and C. D. .Fisher, tyler. After the pro
gramme Retiring: Master Watson was
presented by Treasurer. 'Vining, on behalf
of the lodge, , with a beautiful jewel of
the rank of past master and as a special
mark of appreciation of his faithful ser
vice as master he was presented a mag
nificent bronze clock. Then followed the
serving of a collation and dancing until
midnight. The affair was admirably car
ried out under the supervision of the
committee of arrangements, composed of
A. J. Vining, Henry Barker, Herman
Locks, William A. Sherman and W. D.
Hobro Jr.
Stout Ladles I
> 17 years ago I reduced my weight S3 pounds,
bust 8 inches, waist 6 inches and hips 10
inches, by a simple, harmless remedy. I Health
perfect. No exercise, no wrinkles, no starving.
I will tell you how. Inclose stamp. Mm. Diana
Alves, e2 Elgin Park. San Francleco. Cal. •
GERMAN LADIES' BENEVOLENT
SOCIETY APPEALS FOR AID
Prepares for a Festival at Golden Gate
: \u25a0 Hall on December.2S for Worthy
and Aged Poor.
The ladies of the German Benevolent
Society give a festival every year to
the worthy old and destitute poor of
the German nationality. This organi
zation has been established for many
year's and has been the me^ns of doing
much good. "The organization appeals
tojthe public for aid and requests that
donations of money, groceries, toys,
wearing apparel, etc; -be sent, to the
lady managers at Golden Gate Hall, 625
Butter 'street, on December 27. The
festival will take place : on Thursday,
December 28. The following are' the
managers : : Mrs. Caroline Koster,- presi
; dent ; Mrs. Mathilda Esberg," vice presi
dent:' Mrs. ,L.Gottig,; treasurer; Mrs.
F. Fehleisein, secretary, and Mesdames
A. M. Buck. B. Brommel. F. Habenicht,
\u25a0H. St.'; Goar, E. Schild, J. C. Meussdorf
fer,,F. D. s Stadtmiller and H. Meyer.
Potomac's Christmas Tree.
Potomac Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas;has arranged, for a- Christ-',
mas tree - festival In'"*lts tepee in the
Red Men's Wigwam on the. evening of
next .Wednesday for the entertainment
of its members, their friends and the
little ones, who will be given an op
portunity to see Kris Kingle. ,
Holiday Art Needlework
Following are a few suggestions from the hundreds of pretty
things on ' display in our Art Needlework Department, which
make good gifts. Description is not possible here. You must
see the articles in their charming realities.
Sofa Cushions .si-45 to $25 Engagement 800k5.. 51.15 to $2.85
Linen Centerpieces. . . .$1.15 'to $30 Telephone Registers. s2.oo to $2.35
Toilet Sets... ........-•* 75c to $20; ' Laundry Lists 65c to $1.00"
Pin Cushions ....... 1.-75 C to $15 Laundry Bags ...25c to $1.00
Handkerchief Cases ....$2 to $15 Shoe Pockets ..20c to $1.00
Glove Cases 1 ... .$2.25 to $20 Shaving Papers ....... .35c to 60c
Opera Bags ....... .$4.50 to $5.50 Postal Card Albums $2.50
Sewing Outfits....' 35c to $8.50 Post Card Boxes $1.85
Hair Pin 80xe5. ..... 51.80 to $3-50 Tobacco Boxe 5> .. ... ..:.... $4.50
Needle Cases'. \u0084..*..'.. .15c to $1.85 Whisk Broom and Holders 60c
Fancy 810tter5.. : .... : . 45c to $5.50 House Inventory Books.-. $ijx>
Pen Wipers 25c to $1.25 Address Books ..$2.25
Kodak Books $i-75 to $2 Bridge Whist 80xe5.... $2.50
Fancy Calendars $1.35 to $3.25 Etc.. etc. •
Bronze and Glassware at
. Half Price
Here is an unusual opportunity to buy handsome figures,
fancy metal art objects, decorated glass vases, bronze cabinet
ornaments and hundreds of other beautiful articles which make
appropriate gifts. We are closing out the goods in this depart-
ment at half-price. The following are typical values :
Bronze Ornaments Glass Vases
Formerly $5.50; now $2*75 Formerly $3.50; now $1.75
Formerly $8.75; now... $4>4<> Formerly $4.25; now $2.15
Formerly $12.00; now $6.00 Formerly $5.50; now $2.75
Formerly $14.50; now $7-25 Formerly $6.50; now $3.25
Formerly $22.50; now $11.25 Formerly $8.50; now $4.35
Silk Opera Bags
One Fifth off Regular Prices
Wishing to reduce our immense stock of opera bags, we
will allow 20 per cent off regular prices for every opera bag in
the store. They are made from plain, fancy figured and Dres-
den silks ; many are decorated with pearls, spangles and colored
jewels; some. mounted on clasps, others with draw cords. .'Ah
opera bag makes a welcome gift to any lady. Buy now, when
you can save one-fifth.
Special Sale of Waists for Christmas
These waists consist of chiffon taffeta silk and lace, hand-
somely tucked and lace trimmed or artistically tailor trimmed ;
in black, white and colors. In order to have a special price and a
big assortment from which to choose, we took waists from, our
$7.50, $8 and $9 lines and put each one in a handsome Christ-
mas box, decorated with holly, bells and leaves, and marked the
waist $6.50.
SAYS THE CITY MUST
KETUKX THE TAXES
United Bailroads Entitled to
Money It Paid Into
The City -Attorney yesterday morning
rendered to the Board of Supervisors his
opinion regarding the taxes collected from
the United Railroads some time ago. The
City Attorney, after considering the re
cent decision of the Supreme Court, de
clares the money should be returned. Fol
lowing is the opinion in full:
"Gentlemen: I have your reference of
December 12, 1905, inclosing the petition
of the United Railroads for the refunding
to it fit certain taxes paid upon certain
properties assessed for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1905,' on account of the
levy forthe redemption of bonds and pay
ment of interest thereon proposed to be
issued for the acquisition of a site for a
public park on Telegraph Hill. The -tax
was levied in anticipation of a decision
by the Supreme Court of the State in an
action then pending favorable to the va
lidity of such bonds. On August 15, 1904.
however, such decision ;was rendered, de
claring void., the proceedings heretofore
taken to provide for the Issuance of such
bonds, owing to the failure of the propo
sition to Issue the same to receive two
thirds of the votes cast at the election
held , for that purpose. (Law vs. San
Francisco, 144 Cal., 354.) \u25a0
"After quoting the statutory and consti
tutional questions covering the matter the
court says: 'It scarcely admits of doubt
that this section contemplates and re
quires a favorable two-thirds vote of all
the votes cast at the eelction, and that.
mm 1 1 iff! » I lItI 1 1
The, Wholesome
Baking Powder
-:PURE ,AND T HEALTHFUL -
Holiday Ribbons
AYe have planned for a big
Christmas trade in all kinds of
ribbons for the holldaya— from
baby ribbon up to the widest sash
ribbon. Including a beautiful as-
sortment of ' Dresden ribbon for
neck wear and fancy work. .Re-
member, we tie bows free.
accordingly, the proposition to Issue
bonds for the acquisition of Telegraph}
Hill failed to carry.*
"It follows that a tax levied for the re
demption and to pay interest on bondst
that could not be issued was void and
should be refunded. (Pacific Coast Com
pany vs. "Wells. 134 Cal.. 471; Stewart Law
and Collection Company vs. Alameda
County, 142 Cal.. 663.)
"I advise, therefore, that the petition
be granted."
One of the Joys of life Is to possess
for one's very own a "WATERMAN'S
IDEAL FOUNTAIN PEN, not ideal In
the literal sense, but a very real and
practical good thing-. Always ready,
saves time, trouble, and the exasper
ated feeling that a scratchy, splutter
ing pen breeds In the most patient off
mortals. Not a man alive who has ever
owned one of the Waterman's Ideal
would be willing to do without It. and
gratitude unstinted would be. show
ered upon the giver of a Christmas
present of the genuine "Ideal." and
don't think they're only for business
men. Your oldest boy would be proud
indeed to have one in his vest pocket,
and would be on hand with the goods
whenever a pen was needed. A wife,
sister or sweetheart would appreciate
one also, and whether she* writes tha
free bold "twenty words to a page"
style or the fine Italian hand of an ear
lier day, the special kind of pen she
likes is to be found among the Water
man "Ideals.**
Valne* Doe at 9209.
John Blair yesterday filed a suit for
$299 against the United Railroads for
the loss of . his St. Bernard dog. Ha
claims that on November lla Valencia
street car ran over the animal at Twen
ty-fifth street through neglect and
carelessness.
4142
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
7OHX D. SPRECKELS M^ .Proprietor
ADDRESS AIJL COMMUNICATIONS TO .
TOHN McyAUGHT . . . . . Manager
PUBLICATION OFTTCK THIRD AND MARKET STRBBTB. SAN FRANCISCO
SUNDAY DECEMBER 17, 1903
CHRISTMAS CHEER.
THE coming great holiday finds our country favored with the
largest crops and the most cash in hand in all its history. This
high material condition is enjoyed side by side with "other condi
tions that become a high spirited and self-governing people. What
virtues we have are meekly worn, and what evils are among us are
openly fought. The expurgating power of public opinion is abroad
jerith the spirit of reform, and everywhere is the bright promise of
the perpetuity of our civil institutions.
Wealth and luxury are the insidious enemies of human society
and government. The ancient empires were infected by them and
fell. But they were trained to ethics different from ours, and existed
in a fixed disregard of the rights of the masses and the needs of the
weak and poor. The signs of these times are so different that they
cannot be translated by the alphabet of ancient history. Our rich
are less a menace than the ancient rich because they recognize the
obligations of moral stewardship and are moved by the spirit, of
redistribution of wealth. As long as there is abroad a hearty con
tempt for the mean or dishonest rich man, and a firm determination
to hold him amenable to statutory and moral Jaw, the wealth of the
country will be consistent with the endurance of its institutions. It
is when there is general assent to the legal immunity of the rich that
their presence in a country becomes a fatal disease.. ,
In this land, where the law is made by all and is administered
by ail and must be respected and obeyed by all, the gifts of nature
in those resources which constitute potential wealth may be fear
lessly developed in the certainty that all will get a fair share of the
results, and that dishonest gains will not always stay in the dishonest
hands that win them.
In the midst of what would have been appalling prosperity in
other ages, we justly fix our confidence in our safety upon the effect
of Christianity, real Christianity, upon our civil ' institutions, of
which it is the saving grace. This Christmas holiday is suggestive
of the salt that has savored the earth since the old empires were en
riched to rottenness, and there was no pervasive moral principle
that could heal their infirmites. *
The Call sends its annual greeting to-day that its most distant
friends may be reached in season. It is an expression of good will
and an ascription to the great State that gives its people the kindest
sunshine, and the softest skies that are upon the holiday season any
where on the planet.
THE MILAN EXPOSITION.
ITALY has decided to celebrate the opening of the great Simplon
tunnel by an international exposition of industries, products,
machinery, decorative art, and of fisheries, zoology and forestry.
This will be held at Milan, and will extend from April to November,
1906. This exposition is a novelty in its occasion. In this country
we have had great international expositions celebrating the centen
nial of the republic, the discovery of America, the acquisition of
Louisiana and the exploration of the Northwest by Lewis and
Clark. These were celebrations of events long crystallized in his
tory, but Italy proposes to celebrate a current event, something
so modern that the opening of the tunnel and of the exposition
will be concurrent.
The idea is fetching. It gains piquancy from the fact that
Italy has pick and choice of anniversaries of ancient events. • Rome
still stands on the hills where it was planted 2659 years ago. Italy
could celebrate that foundation, or the crossing of the Rubicon,
or any other of a myriad of events that make up the charms of
history. But that old land prefers to celebrate an up-to-date event,
which is a triumph of modern engineering, a greater event than
building the Cloaca Maxima, the Appian way, or the palace of the
Caesars.
Milan is a great focus of tourist travel and a business city of
the first class. It is in the valley of the Po, a region of surpassing
interest to Californians, for its object lesson in irrigation. This
State has received many desirable accessions to its population and
enterprise from that part of Italy. The business energy of our
Italian citizens is shown in their maintenance of an Italian Chamber
of Commerce in San Francisco. They are eager that the products
of this State shall share the attractions of the Milan exposition.
It is expected that our Federal Government will officially rec
ognize the event and that this country will be well represented
there. California especially has reasons forsaking space and
spreading her phylactery at Milan. The trade between this port
and Italy is of significant sum and capable of increase by enlarging
our acquaintance with the old land. The time" given to the ex
position is ample to secure a good display of our characteristic
products. We should not be timorous in showing the products
which compete with Italy. Our wines, olive oil, fruits and cereals
need suffer nothing by comparison. Millions of travelers pass
through Milan. They will visit the Simplon exposition, and if will
be well to show them that there is in climate, and products a
younger Italy, in California. % .
The Call is ,sure that our producers and exporters will take
up the matter of representation with energy and effect.
THE SOLDIERS' MONUMENT.
WHEN we began the Spanish war no man could foresee the
end. It was believed that our lack of powder and preparation
served to equalize the power of the combatants, while on
paper the Spanish navy outranked us. Our soldiers had to go to
service in the pestiferous tropical climate and meet foes in the form
of disease more dangerous than the embattled enemy. The service
had btst few allurements, and those who volunteered for it were
moved by no motive except patriotism. i>£-v v'->\
It is remembered with pride that California patriotism over
subscribed the demand of the Government. Our volunteers who
sailed away through the Golden Gate into history were envied by
their waiting comrades who stood long under arms and ready for
a further call. We saw those who sailed to the front go with ranks
full. We saw their commands return with gaps made by wounds
and fever-
No matter what may be thought of war, it is the last resort,
and when it comes pitiful is the nation that does not command the
patriotism of 'its people. It is the desire of California to encourage
the love of country by perpetuating the memory of heroic. men who
offer their lives in defense of national honor and the flag. To this
end a proper monument is about to be erected in this city in honor
of the California volunteers. It is the work of Douglas Tilden, the
native son and sculptor whose art has been before invoked to beau
tify the city. This monument is ready for emplacement and seeks
a site suitable to its dignity and purpose. It is to be. hoped that
the committee in charge and the proper public authority will soon
reach an agreement upon the location and that in due time we may
have the unveiling and dedication of this memorial to our patriotic
volunteers.
ANGLO-GERMAN RELATIONS.
'""INHERE is in Europe a wejl-defined fear of war between Great
I Britain and Germany. The prudent precautions of Great Brit
. am in making the Japanese alliance and in blocking the sea way
to Eastern Asia by a station in the Straits Settlement as a base for
the British and Japanese navies have attracted attention. The Kaiser
looks and talks war. He is augmenting his navy. British states
men nag their Government about the condition of the army. The
Anglo-French alliance is made for business. " \ .
Close upon all these signs comes the Spanish marriage. The
house of Hohenzollern tried once for the Spanish^ throne. It is
equipped for marriages right and" left. It has a Catholic branch
and a Protestant branch, and is ready to furnish Princes and Prin-
THE SAN FR ANGISCO ) C AbL; - SUNDAY, \ DECEMBER 17, - 1905.
7HE MODERN MONTE CRIS TO: "TWO!"
ROOSEVELT AND THE BOY.
ONE boy— one of many — who had- the
honor t>f meeting the President,
now acts as if Mr. Roosevelt's eyes
were constantly on him. Tills lad was
not a small boy when he was presented;
he was big enough to play baseball with
skill and energy, and on ordinary occa
sions he was a haughty sophomore. This
boy wanted to see the President, but his
outward calmness was disturbed by the
Intimation from his sisters that he would
have to make three bows as he ap
proached the President and say, "Your
Excellency." The courage that had stood
six hours' exposure in a heavy sea on the
keel of an upturned boat weakened be
fore this prospect. A benevolent friend
corrected the alarming suggestions of the
sisters by telling him that he would sim
ply be expected to say, "Mr. President,"
to stand until everybody was seated, and
to so when the President should rise.
This seemed easy: still, it was evident
that the fearless athlete was reverently
practicing "Mr. President" with his lips
as lie approached the White House. All
uneasiness disappeared, however, when
the President, catching sight of the boy.
Btepped forward and called him by his
surname. - fl Sit "down!- hesaid, and then
he began to talk about a subject dear to
the lad's heart— the recent races at
Poughkeepsle. Etiquette was forgotten ;
the boy held fast to ."Mr. President,"
when he thought of it, in the delight of
talking with somebody who "really
knew" all about the ins and outs of In
tercollegiate races, but sometimes he for
got and merely said "you."
The boy was pained for a moment to
discover that the President could not play
baheball. To a near-sighted man who must
wear glasses a baseball flying at large
Is much worse than a bullet. The lad
cesses for thrones of either religion. No doubt it has hoped to do
this for Spain. King Alfonso is half Hapsburg, half Spanish. But
King Edward is believed to have outwitted the other matchmakers
by captivating Alfonso -with an English Princess.
In the time of Louis XIV the Spanish marriage brought on a
devastating war. It may do so again.: But, oddly enough, the ex
pectation of an Anglo-German war is based on a matter of royal eti
quette. The Kaiser is of the opinion that he was snubbed by his
uncle, King Edward, because Great Britain was not adequately rep
resented at the marriage of his son, and because his own wedding
anniversary was not sufficiently honored by the Court of St. James.
Outsiders will consider these to be light reasons for embroiling two
countries, in war, loading their people with debt and causing the
death of thousands and the distress of millions, who don't care a
bawbee whether the two royal families are on speaking and visiting
terms or not.. vV« j/';-' :
It would seem that the Kaiser could get even by snubbing the
next royal anniversary or function in the court of his uncle, without
sending his army and navy out to try to play havoc with the army
and. navy of Great Britain. The warlike prospect is not pleasing to
the English people, who have appointed a sort of placating committee
to cultivate friendly relations with the Germans. They even propose
to ask President Roosevelt to try, his hand at appeasing the Kaiser.
This is a good idea. If the President could persuade the King and
the Kaiser to visit this country, meet in the White House and shake
hands, what" a fine bit of history/ it, would make t
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
As we understand it, by asking: the President take the tariff off hides
Governor Douglas merely succeeded in getting the hide taken off Mr. Whit
ney.—Charleston News and Cotirier.i:;'
— : — \u2666 ' . « '\u25a0'
Those corns on the ears from which the Philadelphia telephone girls
are suffering are bad enough. But they are not so bad as Watts on the
Mind.— Boston Herald. >
If 'the President keeps on, the people who go into politics will be de
voted to the good of the country, sure enough. There won't be anything
else in it.— Washington Times. ' .
John D. Rockefeller has not yet been subpenaed^ but Henry H. Rogers
will doubtless be able to give enough misinformation for both of them.--
Kansas City Star. ~J . ' . : V
Before outlining national political . platforms for the next "Presidential
campaign .we might wait to see what Congress .does' to the railroads.—
Chicago News. . ,
President Roosevelt s country home in Virginia is called Plain Dealing.
That, wouldn't : be a bad name for his Washington home.— Philadelphia
North American. - - ;
Speaker Cannon is having his picture, painted' by an artist who is us ; n g
different colors from those in the hands of the \ tariff revisionists.—Wash
ington Post. , •
The report of; McCurdy's resignation seems to have, been based on a
belief, that $75,000 a year would be beneath-his dignity.— Detroit Free Press:
Speaker Cannon; is a brave man/,' He is having his picture painted and
taking chances on its being turned Ho the wall.— Philadelphia \u25a0\u25a0 Ledger, t >. -
<.-\u25a0* — -\u0084 ; --,;/— • — — • 1 '. •-
i f_Tom Lawson is convinced that the proverbial birth rate of 'one sucker
ocr minute should be one per second.— Milwaukee Sentinel \u0084
admitted this, and said afterward that
"if Thackeray were alive and played
baseball .instead .of r cricket,- he . would
have had the same difficulty." The Presi
dent showed him a very; scientific Jiu
jitsu grip.. And this was followed by an
Interchange of lore on this \u25a0 interesting
Japanese solence of physical culture, rwith
illustrations, in which the boy entirely
forgot his fear of the "court presenta
tion" "and talked and acted with entire re
spect, but entire freedom. The boy seemed
to think that American muscle was a
match. for Oriental skill, but 'he was
plainly convinced that the President had
both. Questions of boxing and riding
came up, and the President spoke as an
expert, and the boy listened and talked
as one who. understood but felt his limi
tations. Young Theodore, who has this
year entered . Harvard, . was then at
school; but every' now and then his father
culled a bit from his son's experience in
out-of-door sport. It was .' plain that,
through sympathy, in these matters he
had the same point of view as his sons.
During ]' all. this interview the President
was -as enthusiastic on the various sub
jects discussed as the boy, and he seemed
to enjoy it as much as his boy,visitor did.
The talk drew out of the. President his
knowledge of the games that boys love.
"When it comes to boxing or riding,",
he said, with conviction. "I think that
my boys and I can hold our own.". And
several times the "we" was .repeated in
a way' which showed that Mr.*: Roosevelt
and hia sons- were to - be considered . a
happy", family of boys thoroughly 1 ) In ac
cord. ?i It Is '- not convenient to take his
large' "boy family" on his Western and
Southern bear-hunts, but the President
does the next best thing. Every summer
he goes "into. camp" with his boys a few
miles from his summer home at Oyster
Bay.— St. Nicholas. ; '(->s?>
—CHICAGO TRIBtTNB.
Pickings From Puck
IMPOSSIBLE.
Manager — Tour play is wholesome, full
of action, well constructed and even bril
liant in places. .' .
Playwright— Then you'll produce it?
How good of you! - • •
Manager— No, I can't afford to. It ia
neither immoral nor suggestive, so we
should be forced to pay for the adver
tising.
SHAW VERSION.
"Oh, would some power th' glftle gie them
To see my. plays as I can see them!"
SINGING.
The high soprano sings of love.
As sings , the nightingale;
The tenor sines of stars above,
The barytone of ale.
The coryphee with golden hair
Is singing of champagne; ,
The cabman waitim?.for a fare
Is singing in the rain.
THE HANDSOME THING.
"Yes; we elected Mrs. Milyons president
of the club, .thinking she would give us
something handsome "
"And— " . '\u25a0, •J&C^ZS'C
- "Well, she gave us this portrait of her
self."- \u25a0 'ste-i-?!. £&YV:V«SBaHi
A BUDDING HUMORIST. :
Mamma Fish— What shall I sing for you,'
darling? -
'Baby Fish— Any old thing, mamma,
'cept "Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep."
GAMEY.
. Cholly (giving venison dinner)— l shot
.three guides, b'. Jove, before I bagged this
deer.' -\u25a0\u25a0 • .
Unfeeling ' Guest— Are you quite sure
you're serving the right animal now? x his
tastes strong enough to be a guide. "\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0*\u25a0',<
THE BALLOT, -^ |
"A weapon that comes down as stui
As snowflakes fall on the sod,
But executes a freeman's will,
As lightning does the will of God."
"Sublime I" I murmur, when I stop
To cast one in a barber shop! '
FOR THE CAUSE.
"There," exclaimed John Hancock, as
he laid, down the pen after signing the
Declaration' of Independence, "I guess
that will come pretty near getting the
ink trust on our side, anyhow."
EVIDENCE.
! Mr. Isaacs.— Veil, may be der young
man vos really in lore mit you. I sup
pose you ought to know,
i Miss Isaacs— Veil, fadder, I know he
is Jealous of ennabody vot vants to
know how much money you haf.
FLOATS.
A man may try to drown his woes
In drink; but, brother, please make
note:
It won't be long before he knows
That woes, like corks, will always
float, v \u25a0;<! ".:•"\u25a0
% A STRAIGHT TIP.
Teacher (to olass In geography) —
What does a strait separate, Bobby
Taylor? "
Bobby Taylor /(absently)-r-It sepa
rates his pile frum a feller, if the odder
guy's got a flush!
1 -It is not on record that Diogenes, in
his search for an honest man, ever
thought of looking In a mirror.
. The ohild, being father to the man.
Instinctively starts in early to try to
boss the nominal parent. * .
Many a man feels that he could be
quite oomportable if his conscience
would meet' him half-way.
There would be at least several truth
ful people in this' world if it only took
cherry lips and a hatchet face to make
a George Washington...
To a good many people success means
getting some- other kind , of a Job.
As to which of the sexes is the more
courageous, it 1?. after all, hard to de
cide, for as often as a man marries, a
woman marries likewise. -
The wakening of the people is an ex
cellent. thing, provided, of course, they
do not roll over and go to sleep again.
If the, wages of all the McCurdy tribe
are reduced in- proportion they -will
have to revise their Christmas shopping
list. ...
A change -back to the. big-ger bullet
Is recommended/by. General Chaff cc— a
view- which coincides .with that of many
of our." most /thoughtful Vand; conserva
tive deer ; hunters. " The : 33-callber Is
not SO; "shocking" as- the '45, *as "any
stag or; Filipino can teir you. . - .
Time to x ship Townsend's "California Glace
Fruits by, express, r 767 Market street. "• .
.Townsend's -;' famous ;- Broken , Candy, ': 2 lbs
25c. ~Made*from pure cane sugar. .767* MKt. •
?•-\u25a0 Candy Canes^ and Baskets at Townsend's
<jffl Market ' street- : : . . .. . -..--, '
Townsend's California glace, fruits
and -choicest candles in' artistic flre
etched boxes. New' store, >767 Market.-*
,*" Special- Inf ormation: supplied daily ito
business houses and ! public; men by- the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's); 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
WEALTHY MEN FIND STRANGE
WAYS OF KILLING TIME.
•H— , ... . , -\u25a0 .: .... .
6NE or two of our greal noblemen
still keep their private * orchestras,
and Mr. Carnegie and the Marquis
: -of Bute have their private ..pipers,
but it is a curious fact that of.late years
no wealthy man has 'thought of main
taining his own choir of singers, says
Pearson's Weekly. •}.*\u25a0
Of "all the negro singers who have come
to. this country 'from the United States,
In 'their rendering of the plantation
songs ' and the 1 old slave hymns once the
vogue^among the colored people of the
Southern States, it is probable that Hy
am Fosdyke's Jubilee Band of 'seventy
m«n, women and children was the great
est, though the public' had little oppor
tunity of judging of its merits, as the
man for whose private delectation ' the
band was brought into being was chary
of allowing others to listen to the sing
ing of which he himself was so fond.
Curtis Donnythorpe. ; while he lived,
was an ardent lover of dancing in every
form. , .He was an invalid, and therefore
unable to dance himself, but at the. time
he took the Kelby troupe of internation
al.dancers off the /'boards", of the variety
houses . and induced them to enter his
private employ the troupe was reputed
to be the finest of its kind in existence.
j Mr: Donnythorpe had .a ' dancing plat
form erected at "Wellington j House, and
there was not in all - Kensington a hap
pier man than he as he lay back in his
chair. and watched ; the antics of his fa
mous troupe. The Kelbys were strong
on jigs and reels and the old English
dances, and It was while shrieking with
delight at the capers cut In one of these
latter that Mr. Donnythorpe was seized
with the heart attack from which he
died. . ... ' ; .
I Thousands of pounds are sunk in ap
paratus by the _ proprietors of some of
the cinematograph displays which en
liven the music halls, but It is said that
the finest, outfit , in existence is the prop
erty of an American millionaire who
spends much time In this counfry.
When in. the 'mood the owner will »lt
the livelong day in "a darkened room and
watch the unwinding -of his films.
But even this man does not give quite
the devotion to his flying pictures as was
given, by Theodore Botley to. the science
and joy of eating. /I.; li
lt was said that when not lingering
over the delicacies in his table, for which
his agents had ransacked the world, Mr.
Botley was sleeping or deliberately
working to -excite a fresh appetite.
Stimulating drugs he .took under the
direction of a physician, whose sole
duty Is was .to administer . them, - and a
favorite plan of his was to read and talk
about the pleasures of the table.
Every book on "diners and dining,"
every historical work, every novel con
taining passages descriptive of the
preparation. and. enjoyment of feasts
and banquets, was laid under contribu
tion by Mr. Botley. . He Invited fellow
epicures to- his house when, his and
their sole opcupatlon consisted of
feeding and talking about the pleasure
Of It. \u25a0 -.;;
CUPID'S AID.
I. SAID to Cupid : "Winter time
Your business slackens up a bit,
Does it not, Master Cupid?" He,
All smiling-, answered; "Not a whit!
I "My arrows I do not employ
So much as in the summer, but
When winds are cold and people, too,
And every door and window's shut,
"I tell you many a youngster who .
Had never dreamed him of a bride
Begins to think how nice and warm
A cozy cottage is inside."
—Naur Orleans TEnag- Democrat.
WOOING INSPIRATION.
DOROTHY FENIMORE
t S there any inspiration to-day . like
I that which prophets of old knew when
1 they spake like angels, though with
the tongues of men? One cannot help
wondering sometimes. » observing how
writers, who lack the rod of Moses
wherewith to touch the rock of hard ex
p ience into a living spring, are content
to' lmport their inspiration bottled, as
city folk buy mineral water.
This man draws his thousand words an
hour out of the teapot or the coffee urn;
that one spoons it out of the bromo-selt
zer bottle. And a third, like Burns, re
sorts, to the stimulation of b«ld John
Barleycorn. Only one in a thousand
thinks of going up to the heights where
the ozone Is, where the heart beats quick
er and the spirit is lighter, and the mind
is free to compass distance and infinity. .
: With what devices do we woo Inspira
tion as if she were a fickle goddess? This
poet thinks to, please her by stabling her
Pegasus in a glittering studio and feeding
It high on oats. That one regards a quill
pen as feathered ready for poetic flight.
Only once in an Irish mile do 'we find an
intellectual article, with rich '. red blood
in . his arteries, who hardens his mental
musclo on good. food, fresh air and sun
shine, who, by a. miracle, of nature,
breathes out oxygen as other humans
breathe It in.
Methods of work or sources. of ma
terial are not, however,-wholly..deter
minative. The output of this author
ANSWERS TO VARIOUS QUERIES
' STUMP PULLER— E.B., Lldell. Cal. As
this department * does not advertise any
private business" or firm if cannot give
you the information you desire about a
Btump puller, for the reason that the an
swer wduld amount to an advertisement
of the business.
FOREIGN BORN— Subscriber. City.
The latest official -figures as to -the
number, of foreign born people residing
In San Francisco are" those of the cen
sus of 1900. These show that the number
was 116 885, of ' which' Germany "was
represented by 35,194 or 30.1 per cent
and Ireland by 15.963 of 13.6 per cent.
ARE ClTlZENS— Subscriber, City. If
an alien who has lived in the United
States twenty-seven years, but has
never declared his Intention to become
a citizen.' has two children bornin this
country those ' children are native born
and citizens of ; the United States, and,
If they are boys, will, on attaining ma
jority ; be entitled to vote 'unless by
some overt act on attaining majority
they announce that they will adopt the
citizenship 'of _their father.
STRAIGHT— H. W. F. If thqre was
such a thing in cards as "a four straight"
5 6/7, 9 would not be a straight, as it is
not' a sequence. Air works on cards give,
the definition of "straight" as "five cards
in regular/ order iof denomination which
need* not be of the • same suit." In crib-
l Mr. Botley died" of starvation, be
cause the doctors said, he had lost th«
power of assimilation of nourishing
food. In this respect his case bore
some resemblance to that of Charles
P. Cashel. of whom* it was said that
besides being one of the richest stock
brokers of his day, he was gifted with
powers of smell approximating: those of
many doga. , I
To this abnormal sense of, smell the
doctors attributed hi 3 end. for he ran
sacked the markets of the world for
perfumes, the names of which would
be unintelligible to the ordinary facul
ty at. least by his fondness for a dis
tillation of Brailian flowers. !
These destroyed his sense of smell,
and left him unable to detect a leak
of gas one night /before he retired to
rest. He was taken from his bed next
morning In a state of Insensibility,
from which he never rallied,
M. Pierre Lorraine, a French million
aire, lay in bed all night and day and.
like the Eastern monarchs in the "Ara
bian Nights,'* listened to trained story
tellers,' with whom he surrounded him
self during, his waking hours.
- Even he. ' however, was scarcely a*
lazy as the Russian Count Ivanovitc]>
who made the rafters ring withy' ,
shout* when, by way of a pracf*^BF
Joke, some of his noble friends lnt^
mated their Intention of making htm
get up and dress himself.
The count was worth eighteen mil
lions of rubles, and was reputed to be
the laziest man of his time. From the
day of his attaining his majority to
that of his death he never stirred out
of bed, never read, never spoke, never
i opened his eyes if he could help i£#». „.
* Liquid .nourishment was ladled to
him by retainers, and he died at last
i of fright because the Emperor Nicholas
i announced that he was coming to pay
Ivanoyltch a visit and would chain him
to a wheelbarrow and make him work
in the Polish salt mines if he did not
get out of bed to receive him.
: Much more sensible were the self
indulgences of Ellis Wrotham. a weal
thy Northumbrian, who was of the
"self-made" variety.
He realized his lack of education, but
declared vehemently that nothing
would ever induce him to be worried
with "lesßons" in anything. However,
as atsort.of. compromise and being de
termined to have only "the best of
everything" he did not mind paying the
heads of various professions enormous
fees for enlightenment on any little
point which came into his mind.
Most extraordinary of all was the
little luxury of A. B. Skldmore. who
accumulated wealth in the provisions
trade.
He engaged two valets, one to tickle
the crown of hl3 head and the other.._the
soles of his feet. He said he'llk^gy^
sensation Immensely, and when &*£&\u25a0
strated with by his doctor declared It
to be "ever so much better than mas
sage." The case was recorded in the
medical journals of the time as an ex
ample of a strange development.
may be the product of a luxurious leis
ure; the career of that one may result
from the fact that necessity is prickling
him forward with the goad of a gadfly.
One poet may found his life work upon
the fabled wealth of Ormus and of Ind.
Another may distinguish himself by
writing a aonnet on the heart of an
onion which brings tears to the eyes.
The fact Is, art and life are cut out
of the same piece, as one realizes at .
the ciroue. beholding the performing
elephants In their flesh colored trunks.
One who writes constantly comes aft
er a while to feel as if inspiration were
a kaleidoscopic quality of the mind.
There are just so many words in the
language, and in these words is all the
thought of the ' world contained. You
turn your mind thia way, and - th*
words fall into certain combinations'
which represent ideas; you turn It that
way, and yon get an entirely different
effect from the same words in a new
relation. And when you have learned
the trick of manipulation, you feel at
first as if you could summon Inspira
tion at any moment by a clap of your
hands, as if it were an Arab jinn.
Nonsense! It is Inspiration's poor re
lation which you have taken to board
with you. You are betting — not on , a
stake horse, but on a star plater. When
you begin to strut around and thfcrk
"My mind to me a kingdom is," be IrK
that there's a peacock pattern on your ,
coronatibn cloak, with a hoodoo la .
every brilliant eye of it.
bage four cards make a sequence, provid
ing such follow In regular order cf de
nomination. Five. six. seven, eight would
be a sequence, but in 5,. 6, 7, 9 there ia
only a sequence of three, namely, the
first three.
DEEPEST SHAFT— Subscriber, Oak
land. CaL E. C. B. of Belvedere" writes
to this department that there is a deeper
mining shaft than the one in Belgium.
The writer says: "The New Chum Kali
way gold mine at Bendigo, Australia, on
October 14, 1905. wu 3939 feet deep m
straight shaft and making good progress
at sinking. On September 16 preceding
the center winze in the same mine hail
reached a depth of 4226 feet, which makes
it a deeper mine than the one in Bel
gium."
. ANNIE LAURIE— G. 8., Oakland.
Cal. The popular ballad "Annie Lau
rie"'was written by~ William Douglas
of Fingland in honor' of Anna, third
daughter of Sir Robert Laurie, fir3t
baronet of Maxwellton. Douglas was
in' the stewardry of Kirkcudbright
hero of the song "Willie Was a Wan
ton Way." and Sir .Robert Laurie avas
created a Baronet in 1683. Front" t'L-V
fact 3 it Is supposed that the 'WTjad
was \u25a0 composed ' about the end of" trie
seventeenth century. It Is recorded
that' Douglas was unsuccessful In his
suit." as Annie Laurie married James
Fergusson of Cralsdarrocb, "THE SPIRIRT OF CHRISTMAS
"THE SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS" is the
title that has elected a "modest little book
by Henry Van Dyke, professor of litera
ture in Princeton University, to be the
first mentioned in this page devoted to
books for Christmas gifts. Not that by
premier place I mean to say It is the
best: it would be alien to the temper of
the time and theme to make invidious
comparisons of this with other gifts that
multitudes of other electors will choose to
send, and I begin wiih this, one in hope
to hypnotize you by opening with the
words of the tltib into putting the spirit
of Christmas into whatsoever gift is sent
to relative, friend or loved one.
We all know It and the need of it,
of course, but to name It helps us to '
know it more and to be surer of not for
getting to breauie that mystic supervalue
charm into tha whatsoever of our send
ing by means of any secret, sacred in
cantation our faith or superstition has
found most potent in the past. A gift
l"(!s a right spirit breathed into it at
«ry time of giving, but a Christmas gift
that Is nothing but material, be even that
material all gold and pearl, seems like
a blasphemy of the name that super
latively Incarnated the spirit of the hap
pifst day of all the year.
The list of Christmas gift books is too
loos for any satisfactory investigation
save over the long tables and shelves of
the book stores, and the few here men
tioned are just vehicles to carry the idea
of the spirit of Christmas through the
rage. There are multitudes more to suit
varied tastes, and these limited mentions
may be only useful to such few persons
who In a book store are like the child in
a toy chop, where the bewildering
chance to choose paralyzes the power
of joyous selection and content obtain
ment. Happy are those who happen,
near Christmas time, to have read and
fallen In love with some particular
book which they can thus send to a
friend, assured that it is a personally
put to proof good thing which they
are by the gift sharing with one !
whom they wish also happy in Its de
lights: "a book to carecs — peculiar, dis- \u25a0
tlnctlve, individual ; a book that hath first
caught your eye and then pleased your
fancy; written by an author with a ten
der whim, all right out of his heart."
Blessed are ye who can so donate — pro
vided always the donee is a responsive
person; responsive to the soul that is al
ways half hidden in such a beautiful
book— of set purpose to keep phlegm from
enjoying the pearls of
*j- and feeling not made for pachy-
C^rrns who care naught for tender whims
were they ever so distinctive and indi
vidual.
The CbTietinas spirit Is to be In "the
giving vein"; and the true giving vein
is the spirit of Christ, who was willing
to himself infinitely. Of what
soever faith we may Individually be, we
must surely appreciate a beautiful tenet
of religion, albert not our own belief; and
<rie of the beautiful faiths of the Catholic
church is that Christ so loved the world
lie would have died for each separate In
dividual Elnner. That's a thought stag
gering to ingratitude were there but one
chance In a million that the tenet is
1 a*ed on truth.
In some sort of analogous sense, In
finitely less complete of course, we
finite* are to put the spirit of Christ
mas Into cur g-jfts by giving some
thing of ourselves. Emerson in defln
, ing how to be a friend Bald, "Be a gift
and a benediction." Of course that
thought involves the further one that
to be personally, by friendship, a gift
and a benediction worth the reception
needs infinite time in which to con
tinue growing worthy of the friend we
think worth the giving of any part of
the spirit of Christmas which may be
given us to give away.
Henry Van Dyke, who has here In
San Francisco given us proof of his
power to preach sermons worthy of a
professor of literature, calle one dlvl-
T»-n of his little book "A Short Christ
•*tsr.:s Sermon— Keeping Christmas." He
takes hjs text from Romans xiv:6: "He
that regardeth the day, reg-ardeth it
unto the Lord." A part of this Christ
mas keeping he holds to be that you
be willing "to ignore what the world
ewes you, and to think what you owe
the world." "• • to close your book
of complaint against the management
of the universe, and look around you
for a place where you can sow a few
seeds of happiness. • • • then you
can keep Christmas. Are you willing
to stoop down and consider the needs
dZ little children; to remember the;
weakness and loneliness of people who
are growing old; to stop asking: how
much your friends love you. and ask
yourself whether you love them '
enough?" "-*'.* Are you willing to
believe that love is the strongest thing
in the world • • stronger than
death — and that the blessed life - which i
began in Bethlehem nineteen hundred
years ago Is the image and brightness
of the eternal love? Then you can
keep Christmas."
' Another part of his book is called "A
Little Essay: Christmas Giving and |
Ohrirtmas Living." In this he speaks of
the age-long habit of exchanging presents
on a certain day In the year as "a cheer
ful old custom, or a futile old farce, ac
cording to the sDlrlt which animates it
and the form which it takes." The idea
which the name Christmas has put. into
the tradition-old custom Is "an unselfish
Interest in the happiness of others." For
the most part Christmas giving "deals
*?|h little wants, little Joys. little tokens
of icendly feeling. But' the feeling must
be more than the token, else the gift
does not- really belong to Christmas."
"The finest Christmas gift Is not the one
that costs the most money, but the one
that carries the most love." "Let the yes-
ILLUSTRATIONS FROM A COUPLE OF DELIGHTFUL, CHRISTMAS BOOKS. THE LOWER PICTURE IS FROM A VOLUME OF
FAIRY ETORIEB, WHICH HAVE MUCH OF THE CHARM WHICH HAS SERVED TO MAKE MOTHER GOOSE A CLASSIC
IX THE LITERATURE OF CHILDHOOD. - v " \u25a0
' \u25a0 » ' ' \u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0... •
sel be of gold or of birch bark. It may
carry ajnessagre like this: I am thinking
of you to-day because It is Christmas,
and I wish you happiness. And to-mor
row, because It will be the day after
Christmas, I shall still wish you hap
piness, and so on."
The first part of the book Is "a dream
story" called "The Christmas Angel."
Therein Van Dyke joyously abandons
himself .to the spirit of Christmas aa if
verily we had obeyed Christ's orders and
become as little children, and so he
writes to us fairy-tale-wise; but mingled
j with enougu. of the method of the Apo
calypse make us seriously feel as if
he were pulling the cover from divine
truth by embodying In a tale things un
tellable In the reality. The scene and
time of the story is "the hour of rest in
the Country Beyond the Stars."
"How," ask the angels of each other,
"how shall man be made liKe God?" The
query only caused a deep hush until a
child's vcice came ringing with the an
swer: "Clear and sweet— clear as a ray
of light, sweeter than the smallest silver
bell that rang the hour of rest— was that
slender voice floating on the odorous and
translucent air. • • • I know it, I know
it, I know It! Man shall *be made like
God because the son of God shall become
a man."
"But how do you know these things?"
cried the other -angels.
"I am the Christmas angel?" said the
child. "At first I was sent as the dream
of a little child, a holy child, bjessed and
wonderful, to dwell In the heart of our
virgin, Mary of Nazareth."
Although writing abstract from all sec
tarianism, as one surely should In pages
prejudiced against no creed, nor doubt,
nor disbelief, so long as these various
make their god equal to the highest ideal
they know, or knowing not God
make a god of high ideals, it
may yet be reasonable at a time
of .Christmas giving to give Christians
due precedence as the main makers of
merry Christmas. To give them first
place seems part of the spirit of Christ
mas. The keeping alive of that spirit is
partly their gift to the world. From a
literary point of view a very pleasing ex
pression of the quality of the true Chris
tian spirit Is In the following verse,
which, though not thus rendered in ajiy
of our versions of the Bible, I have, seen
pet down as being a literal translation. It
is beautiful, and in a variorum Bible that
verse should hold a place. For the way
of the wording of It appeals more to tlie
love of ' language than even the . excellent
eentence In the King James version. To
such of our Christian, friends as this form
of the sentiment may oe novel to let it
be given, In the name of the world ab
stract from sectarianism, as a tiny Christ
mas gift expressive of appreciation of the
true Christian and Christmas- spirit in
books and In life:
"Now thanks be unto that God who al
ways leads us forth to triumph with the
anointed one. and who diffuses by us the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALV SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1905:
Mr& Stm(^i^m &^o^M*
fragrance of the knowledge of him In
every place." (2 Cor., 2:14.) ~"
. (Charles Scribner's Sons, New York; 75
cents.)
New Fairy -Tale
in Clever Form
There are others— perhaps, but . if
asked on my conscience as a reviewer in
regard to the season's fresh fairy stories
I would feel inclined to answer the query
by saying that "Queen Zixi of Ix" Is IT.
If any grown-up person wants a delight
ful change off from " reading all' adult
stuff let him or her be a child again for
the nonce and revel and grow wise over
the nonsense of this new work of L.
Frank Baum, the author of the cele
brated "Wizard of, Oz," which scored
successes both in book form and on the
stage. Then having thus improved your
self you will know what'to give to a
good child— or to a bad one -whom you
wish magically to transform into a quite
sanely happy and obedient \ changeling
sent from fairy land. It has wonderful
pictures by Frederick Richardson. The
text and the illustrations' mutually as-
Blst each other so magically that .the to
tal effect may fairly be said to be wizard
wand business. ,
The secondary title is "The Story of the
Magic Cloak." That cloak had the power
and the wlll r to grant its wearer ono
wish, and only one.- If you wish for an
hour or two to enter fairyland, al
though you may not. In reality wear 4he
cloak that could grant the wish, if you
merely Imagine the magic consumma
tion and open up the book in the right
spirit of willingness to accept transport,
then, 10, you will be* there. ' The magic
cloak was woven In the fairy circle of
Burzec, at the command of the fairy
queen, Lulea. Her Majesty did this.be
cause of the- suggestion jof .the sweet
little fairy, Espa. It was Espa's love of
unhappy mortals and her wish to make
them happy which moved her heart to
the proposal upon which the fairy queen
and all the maidens of her 1 court acted.
The fairy band did the' • work as a
pastime— a delightful, novel amusement.
They wove the lovely fabric from a loom
such as no mortals. ever 1 use. Each fairy
carried In her • hand a shuttle "wound
with' glossy filaments finer than the finest
silk; and the threads on. each shuttle ap
peared a different hue from those of all
the other shuttles." Then > they ;: danced
around the. loom and . flung, the silver
shuttles from hand to hand : and the gos
samer-lfke web began rto t grow . into , a
cloth of wondrous beauty. _i In - the joyous
work the - Queen herself ~~ took ?\u25a0 part I and
wove into "the * fabric '; the . golden \u25a0 thread
wHlch gave the j cloak i Its magic \u25a0 powers.
This ' beautiful scene ils 'pictured 'in 'the
frontispiece,"' showing the ;woodlahd moon
lit ana the flower "strewn sward,™ and'; the
white wings of -the' fairies and their white
arms gracefully weaving the magic web
as all the while they So, sud
denly, just by thinking of the lovely
scene, you are in the transport by which
fairyland Is fully reached.
Many were the wishes, some wise, some
foolish, which the cloak granted 'to Its
various mortal wearers. It is the wish
of Queen Zixl of Ix that the tale is
chiefly about; though hers was not the
wisest wish. She was a witch queen
who- had. kept herself healthy and beau
tiful for. over six hundred years. She
lacks but one specially longed for bliss—
a mirror in which she could see that ap
parently youthful beauty In which she
appeared to the eyes of all other mortals
except herself, To her own eyes the
mirrors always showed her an ugly,
shriveled old hag which the hundreds of
years had* wrinkled. So when she heard
of the magic cloak she wished to get it
from Its rightful owner, the Princess
Fluff, to whom the loving fairy, : Ereol,
had/presented It. It was the minstrel,
Quavo, who told his admired Queen Zixi
about the power of the beautiful garment.
The cloak belongs to Princess Fluff, ;
"Tia woven of some secret stuff,
Which makes it gleam with splendor bright.
That fills beholders with delight
Queen Zixi. although a : witch, was a
kindly Queen, and her- only unhappine3s
was the fate of havin* to behold her own
ugliness whenever she looked Into a mir
ror. When she heard of the cloak she
coveted it. If she could possess it she
would wish to see no more the provoking
reflection of the face of an ugly old wo
man. She tried strategy, and went dis'
guised to the realm of the Princess Fluff
and' advertised thus: "Miss Trust's Acad
emy of Witchery for Young Ladles." -The
scheme nearly worked; but when she
asked the rr p 4 splls to come on a certain day
each wearing her handsomest cloak, the
Princess got wise and suspicious. 'After
many futile other endeavors Zlxl resorted
to theft? to obtain j the coveted cloak.
Then, madly rejoicing and arrayed in
all the glory of the stolen treasure, she
rushed to the clear cp'stal spring in the
woodland, ,„- so that .she -might see her
beauty in -that mirror.
"But. as she bent" over' the spring she.
gave- a sudden shriek of disappointed
rage ; f or, >" glaring up at her from the
glassy surface of the water was the same
fearful hag she had , always seen as the
reflection ; of : her -likeness." ,
"The magic cloak would grant no wish
to! a person who had stolen it.", *
It is not chiefly, however, .this' serious
sin of Queen Zixi -that, the' art of the book
will be most A widely useful ; in J showing.
Hers is just ; the (exaggerated , example 5 to
Illustrate , the lesser ; faults the fairies • dis
like and ; punish. j Few, people steal; ' but
the " fairies ; know that everybody '-i covets
something; or other they can't reasonably
expect ; : to - possess, V.O Zixl,^' after ' she got
wise, \u25a0; came across a gray owl ; sitting on -a
limb and* wailing, dismally. -"Why? do J you
wall so ' : loudly?/-' ; she asked. r '-.."Because' I
cannot swim In a river like a flsh," an
swered the owl. '"Why do you wish to
swim?" Bhe inquired. "Because I can't,"
Bald the owl, and' buried Its head under
Its wing with 'a groan.
(The Century Company, New York;
$150.) • -
Christmas Books
For All Readers
In selecting a good story book to give
to the children at Christmas time do not
deny to "The Story* of the Bible," by
Margaret E. Sangster, a chance In the
competition. Of course you know if she
undertook such a task she would do It
well. Mrs. Sangster is said to have long
contemplated such an appeal to children
as part of her life work. The design
was to bring the entire Scripture within
the. compass of a child's interest and'
patience and to tell again the tales from
Holy Writ so that our children may read
and love them. The book has fulfilled
a double duty; one to religion and one to
literature. The author, who knows well
whereof she speaks, says that it is a
mistake to fancy that children do w not
enjoy good literature. "The child de
lights in brave deeds, >in romance, in
chivalry, in splendid diction and poetic
style." If is quite "a large book, of about
five hundred pages. It Is dedicated to
Helen Gould, which is quite a triumph
worthy tribute to "one whose unobtru
sive goodness strews flowers on many
paths." Let us glance within its page 3
here and there and see how Mrs. Sang
ster does things.
In the story of .creation she tells the
children that where this planet on which
now we live goes round the great sun
there was only vast empty space, or
perhaps "a great lonesome mist, called
chaos, all strange, confused and dim.
Out of this chaos, God created the heav.en.v
and the earth, n To- ereat^ is to^'^ake;
something and put it-where there used to
be nothing. Only God can do this. • * •
He spoke one word, gave one command,
and the darkness lifted like a curtain that
Is rolled up and disappears, lie said let
there be light and there was light." \u25a0
This from the chapter called "The Lad
der to the Sky": "Jacob gathered some
loose stones that were lying about on the
road and took them for his pillow and
lay down and fell asleep.* • • In that
sleep, dear children, Jacob had the love
liest dream ever given to -mortal man.
He dreamed that he saw a ladder which
reached from earth to heaven; the lad
der's foot was on the ground, but the top
was lost beyond the sky; and behold!
the angels of God were ascending and
descending upon it."
From the story of Samson this: "We
are to obey God in what we fancy little
• things.' We are to choose good com
panions, not ,bad ones. If sin gets hold
of us it will treat us as the Philistines
treated Samson. First It will blind our
eyes and we shall not see how" horrid It
is. Then it will bind us in fetters of evil
habits and take our strength away. Then
it will make us serve like slaves In a
prison house." • ;
The truly dtscrlmlnatjng will be much
pleased with this from the story of Queen
Esther. The undiscrimlnatlng always
lavish their main, admiration on Esther
and ignore the merits of Vashti, over
whose modesty. Esther's boldness gained
what, when you conscientiously analyze
It, Is rather an ignoble victory of a wo
man who was willing to take' desperate
risks of being something much less than
a wife. Would to heaven we had Vash
tl's own version of that little affair of
feminine rivalry which has been told as
an Idyl by the partisans of Esther. Mrs.
Sangster says: "I have always felt very
sorry for Vashti and have much respect
for her. She was a treat lady, who had
courage beyond that- of most women of
her time."
This is. from the "Wonderful Deeds of
Jesus": "The Christ child coming to earth
when the angels sang in the midnight
and the Star in the East guided the pil
grims to the manger was wonderful be
yond words. But yet more wonderful
were the deeds of love and kindness that
kept springing up like flowers In his earth
ly path, after he began to teach and
preach In the holy land."
* The volume has twelve illustrations of
Bible scenes in color.
(Moffat, Yard & Co., New York; $2.)
•\u25a0 -v« • •" \u25a0 -
"The Poet, Miss Kate and I" Is an at
tractive title that appeals, through one's
intuitions, at once, but you can't help
wondering why the third party Isn't "de
trop"— and then you wonder which of the
trio* is the third party. So. although the
back is very pretty and dilatorily tempt
ing td look at, it is best to break into the
book promptly and . find out what it' 3
about. . The third party, to wit. Miss I
Kate, is a horse, so that eliminates one
uneasiness from anticipation. Next we
want to know if the sex of the other two
can pair off properly. They do. The poet
is a fine' man, and the "I," the teller of
the tale, is Dorothy— Miss Dorothy. So
that will do, and we can settle back pa
tiently and read on hopefully, awaiting
developments between the poet and Do- j
The author, who is Margaret P. Mon
tague,* writes for all the world like a good
and gayly correspondent who has millions
of bright f moments : and billions of affec
tion to spend in writing chatty letters to
you. Kate is a pet saddle mare that Do
rothy rides six miles to the postofflce
every day through so picturesque a bit of
country that the beauty of it makes her
a prose poet air unconscious to herself
and by so much a prettier so. So goes a
summer, smiling with all the beauties , of
nature aspread around Miss Dorothy as
she daily rides and adores the wonders of
the wood, and the glory of the sky, and
the balmy kisses of the air. >.Is that air
the kisses she ever got, we wonder?. Let's
hurry away over toward the end and find
out:
• • • "Dorothy, ' why. Dorothy!" the
poet -exclaimed,: with a world of tender
ness in' his* voice.. _ '
I said nothing, but slipped off Miss Kate
beside, him. , \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0:•\u25a0>'\u25a0 S. . v . . "•*
'.'But who was hurt?" I asked, after a
long-time. \u25a0
"Only three people, none badly. You
must have heard a very exaggerated ac
count of the whole thing." said the poet.
\u2666 • • "And that is aIL Only tins,
through that long ride I woke fully to
the fact that tnere are other things be
sides nature in this world that are need
ful to my happiness."
(The Baker & Taylor Company. New
York.)
• * *
Do not ever go downtown shopping
with any despair In your heart about
finding a nice, seasonable gift book so
long as you can remember that there is
such a one called "Romances of Old
France," by Richard Le Galllenne. Re
member in your quest that Le Gallienne
was the fellow who wrote "The Quest of
the Golden Girl," and then you will be
quite sure you are going after a good
thing. It is a book which will attract
the eye from the outside and satisfy It
when it tests the Inside. Decorated pages,
pleasing type, eloquent words, and, if the
double trope be allowed, both ringing and
redolent of romance.
Among the six of these romances of old
France the chief one is of Aucassln and
Nicolete, the old classic that has been
rescued from half oblivion to be now
very much alive in French and in world
literature. I will only hwe space to give
you a glimpse. The course of true love is,
of course, not going smooth for Aucassin;
but his Nicolete loves as warm as he.
She steals in the moonlight to the ruin
ous tower where her lover lies, and she
hears him "wailing within and making
i dole and lament for the sweet lady he
• loves so well." Now behold what she
looked like as she went! She had kilted up
her kjrtle, "because of the dew that she
saw lying deep on the grass."
""• "Her locks were yellow and curled,
her eyes blue and smiling, her face featly
fashioned, the nose high and fairly set,
the lips more red than cherry or rose In
time of summer, her teeth white and
small; her breasts so firm that they bore
up the folds of her bodice as they had
been two apples; so slim she was In the
waist that your two hands might have
clipped her, and the daisy flowers that
broke beneath her as she. went tiptoe and
that bent above her instep seemed black
against- her feet, so- white was the
maiden.'*
And here's a part where the story goes
too troubadour to hold Itself from burst
ing into song:
Sweet the sons, the story sweet.
There Is no man hearkens it.
No man living 'neath the«sun
" So outwearitd, so foredone,
' Sick and woful, worn ana sad.
But Is healed, but is glad.
'Tis so sweet.
(The Baker & Taylor Company. New
York: $1 50.)
If you carry a pencil wherewith you
can red letter your note book about
some simple and inexpensive but at
the same time elegant and artistic
Christmas gifts then be sure to so ru
bric the "Red Letter Library" prepared
by H. M. Caldwell & Co. of Xew York
and Boston. There is a long list of
choice literature in these tittle vol
umes, beautifully bound in either cloth
or fine red leather at 50 cents or one
dollar. The idea is to present the mas
terpieces of the English language in
the most artistic form at a moderate
price. .These have short introductory
notes, well called "cameos of apprecia
tion." -The range is now extending be
yond English literature to masterpieces
of other tongues. The ones that I
have by me are "L'Arlesienne" (the girl
of Aries) by Alphonse Daudet, and the
"Poems" (selected) by John Greenleaf
Whittier. They are very attractive with
their ' flexible backs, neat print and
pictures, gilt tops and silk markers.
(H. M. Caldwell & "Co., Boston, New
York.)
• • •
Paul Elder & Co. have prepared
for Christmas and New Year's day
gifts a number of beautiful calendars
and Christmas cards and book marks
ranging in price from ten cents to a
dollar. The calendars have very good
selections from the words of great men
to keep before us for each month in the
year. There is a calendar of nature
songs, an impression calendar, and a
miniature calendar of homely maxims.
Best of all of these I like the aspira
tions calendar. It begins with this
from Robert Louis Stevenson: t
"So long as we love we serve; so long
as we are loved by others I would al
most say that we are indispensable; and
no man is useless while he has a
friend." . '•
(Paul Elder & Co.. Sen Francisco.)
No one would have suspected Max Nor
dau of writing fairy tales, for one would
think that to that stern philosopher such
work would seem a . trifling sentimental
thing suitable to an artistic temperament
that by its very genius for imaginative
creation proved itself at least tending
toward "degeneration." Nevertheless,
Nordau has done it; and if to be play
fully, trivially fanciful, even to be
chummy with the little children, is to
be tainted with the degeneration that
causes genius, then Nordau la himself
in that semi-insane class which he ap
peared to believe are alone capable of
doing anything other than- most matter
of-fact and prosy performance. His
book is called "The Dwarf Spectacles and
Other Fairy. Stories," and they were first
told to his own little Maxa. from her
fourth Ito j her seventh, birthday. So that
sounds 'very Hk© the real thing in fairy
stories. Done by a learned and • very
clever man in his hours of leisure, and
done out ' of love for an actual close-to
hls-heart little girl; and this last is of
course always more. lnspiring than if the
telling was for .the Indefinite, distant pub
lic : or , other ,' people's little girls.-
It 'is a large book, well Illustrated, and
contains twenty-one stories. The last" one
in it is' called "Life and Death." In Its
final sentence,- speaking of the brief but
bright ' and happy life of swarms of
ephemerae. H teaches the little children
philosophy thus: -"
: "When their little bodies covered the
surface of the stream the wise raven said
to i the . mountain, the oak and the gen
tian: 'A long. life; a short life, matters
nothing. A beautiful life, that Is happi-
ness.' "
• • \u25a0 ' • \u25a0
Esther Singleton, who is quite an ex-
pert in the art of compiling, has got to
gether a collection of stories from many
, languages, called 'The Wild Flower
Fairy Book." It is very handsome, with
a number of colored pictures, and all its
pages decorated.
One of these stories is about "The
Brave Tin Soldier." There were twenty
five tin soldiers once, who were all broth
ers, for they were all made out of the
same tin spoon. They were given to a lit
tle boy for a birthday present, and he
stood at the table and set them up. They
were all alike, except one, and he had
only one leg. He was the one who had
been left to the last, and then there was
not enough melted tin to finish him. so
they made him stand on one leg. and this
caused him to be very remarkable.
One day he fell out of a window, but
he was too proud to cry out for help whilo
he was in uniform. He went through
many adventures, always bearing himself
with the like silent courage. When he
was put in the fire and he felt himself
melting away, he still remained firm with
his run held to his shoulder. There is a
love story mixed up with it which some
what mitigates the awfulness of his fate.
(Dodd, Mead & Co.. New York; $2.)
• • •
"Animal Heroes," by Ernest Thompson
Seton, is a handsomely gotten up book,
with over 200 drawings. This work of the
noted teller of animal stories will no
doubt please the boys very much, as the
author has proved himself so successful
In that t llne by many previous books.
Some of' the stories in the new volume
have before appeared in magazines and
other periodicals. The word hero as here
used is defined to mean an individual of
unusual gifts and achievements, whether
man or animal. Every one of the stories
is founded on the actual life of a veritable
animal hero. Most of the tales are com
posites, but one of them, "Arnaux," is
very nearly historical.
: Arnaux is the chronicle of a homing
pigeon. Birds of this type are not bred
for style, but for speed and for their
mental qualities. Arnaux was put to a
severe teat in his early youth in order
that the slow or stupid birds ameng
whom he wa» tried might be weeded out.
At three months old he was a winner,
and was invested with the silver anklet
of the Sacred Order of the High Homer.
One of his exploits was to bear a message
from a ship out at sea, which had broken
its shaft and was drifting helplessly.
(Charles Scribner's Sons, New York; J3-)
• v» •
A meritorious preparation for Christ
mas is a new edition of Charles Dickens'
"A Christmas Carol, and the Cricket on
the Hearth" from th© Baker & Taylor
Company, New. York. It is finely bound
and printed and handsomely Illustrated
by George Alfred Williams. The frontis
piece Id done in colors, and there are
, many other full page pictures.
There is a new Uncle Remus book,
called "Told by Uncle Remus"; being new,
stories of the old plantation. To mention
the name of Uncle Remus is enough to
commend the contents, and as for the pic
tures and the mechanics and material of
the volume they are such as to make a
very attractive book for gift purposes.
The first folio Shakespeare, printed by
Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New York,
and giving each play in a little volume
bound in either cloth or limp leather at
75 cents or $1, and each with an intro
duction by the editors, Charlotte Porter
and Helen A. Clarke, will matte a neat
little remembrance for many a friend.
H. M. Caldwell & Co.. Boston, put out
a new edition of Dickens* "Christmas
Carol." with illustrations by I. M.
Gaugengigl and T. V. Chomlnskl. which la
fancifully bound in the shape of a great
gold bell decorated with holly and a
bright red ribbon. The pages are all dec
orated and the pictures are unusually
good.,' To add to its presentableness as a
Christmas present it is beautifully boxed
with the container decorated inside and
out with red holly and white mistletoe
berries.
• • •
"Songs of the Open." is an elaborately
pretty tiling, with the words and the
music given on broad, beautifully dec
orated pages. It is dona for:
Dear wee children, wherever you are,
Looking at blooSom or bird or star.
Nature has room In her heart for you.
And will teach you the songs 'In her tig
book, too.
The words of these songs are by
Mary Grant O'Sherldan. the music by
W. C. E. Seeboeck, and the decorations
by Enos Benjamin Comstock and
George Markeley Hurst. It is pub
lished by Rand. McNally & Co., New
York and Chicago.
-If you want something witty and
suited to the merry mood, try "A Cor
ner in Women,- and Other Follies," by
Tom Masson, v/ho is one of the bright
est writers on the staff of the cleverest
of comic papers, the New York Life. It
is a handsome book with a cover de
sign by Charles Dana Gibson and a lot
of other illustrations by a whole crowd
of the talent. It is published by Mof
fat. Yard & Co.. New York; 51 80.
The local firm of Whltaker & Ray
Company have for sale "The Only True
Mother Goose Melodies," being an ex
act reproduction of the text of the
original edition published and copy
righted in Boston in the year 1533.
With an introduction by Edward Ev
erett Hale.
• * •
A new, neat little book by Charles
TV. Eliot, president of Harvard Univer
sity, is called "The Happy Life." It is
an address to young people who have
passed the period of -childhood. He
discusses Itfe from the point of view
of the high worldly and scholarly
philosophy, and then he makes his fin
ale this:
"In conclusion let me ask you to con
sider whether the rational conduct of w
life on the this world 'principles here"
laid down would differ in any impor
tant respect from the right conduct of
life on the principles of the Christian
gospels. It does not seem to me that
it would." ' BBMBSBBM
(Thomas Y. Crowell & Cou, New-
York.)
4344
I Dry Goods "^^^^ Company. 1 |
I ELEGANT, APPROPRIATE and USEFUL S
I * HOLIDAY uIrTS .1 1
I AT $1.50, BOX OF SIX r |
| Hand Embroidered Initials — On Sheer Linen, Sham- g-
| rock Lawn, Linen Cambric and French Checked . |
| Shamrock Lawn. 20 designs to select from. g
S Embroidered and Hemstitched — In novel designs |
g on Sheer Linen, Arabian Linen, Shamrock Linen and g
X Celtic Linen Lawn. .. 8
i Embroidered— On French Checked Shamrock Lawn. |
I AT $2.00, BOX OF SIX |
| Hand Embroidered Initials — On Shamrock Lawn. |
§ Hand Embroidered Initials — On Sheer Linen. §
I AT $3.00, BOX OF SIX |
% Hand Embroidered Initials — On Sheer Thistle Linen |
g Lawn ; all hand hemstitched. 10 designs to select |
g from. s
g Hand Embroidered Initials — On Sheer Arabian -g
0 Linen Lawn, trimmed with Real Armenian Lace. g
| Embroidered Handkerchiefs— On Thistle, I
| Celtic and Arabian Linen Lawn. 40 designs to select 8
§ from. 8
1 LACE HANDKERCHIEFS |
S Real Armenian Lace Trimmed Handkerchiefs — Each S
I 50c and upward \ s
% Hand-Sewn Lace Trimmed Handkerchiefs — Each g
§ 65c and upward g
| Real Duchesse Lace -Handkerchiefs — Each 8
I 61.00 to $25.00 §
g Real Point Lace Handkerchiefs — Each. §
| • $7.50 and upward |
\ Real Valenciennes Lace Handkerchiefs — Each • |
g ...61.75 and upwar^ 8
| HAND EMBROIDERED ARTICLES |
% The largest collection of the Genuine Madeira and I
\ Appenzel Embroidery ever exhibited in Handker- g
% chiefs. Ties, Collars, Collar and Cuff Sets, Unmade |
§ Waists. §
\ LADIES' NECKWEAR |
'i Real Duchesse -Collars, Berthes, Stocks and Sets. s
':• Real Princesse Collars, Berthes, Stocks and Sets. |
| Parisian Novelties in Exclusive and Original Forms. g
| Dv Barry Chiffon and Crepe Scarfs. . #
| Marabout and Ostrich Stoles. i'g
I Lace Glove Garters— the Latest Parisian Fad . s
I F^tflC An e^ e B ant var^ et V °^ the latest designs 8
g idilo in Parisian Fans. g
I QEARY AND STOCKTON STREETS— UNION SQUARE g
8 STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS §
CVPIT%LI^T OFFERS *SOO
FOR OLD SCHOOL BUILDING
Board of Kduentlon Consider* Plan* and
Makr« Arranscmcntu for More
Nerr Structure*.
Dr. George J. Flint, a well-known
capitalist, appeared before the Board of
Bdncatiofj yesterday morning: and madfi
tin offer of $800 for the old Washington
Grammar Sohool building. This offer
came as a. surprise, as Thomas McKev
lu and I>olan Brothers wanted the city
to pay them for moving it away. The
lorrner demanded $2.~>0, while the letter's
pri< <• for perf«>rming the work was
EaOO
Dirr-ctor Boyle announced that he had
lfi a contract to D. Sullivan to move tho
old Lapuna Honda " School buildings
a'.vay, the price being: $175. Work on
the Dew structure will begin as soon as
Lite .nueier.t building lias been removed.
In the meantime, temporary quaTters
for the jiTipils will be arranged for.
Flans were received for the new 3er
ccrot and Monroe Primary schools. The
former Is to be a wooden structure and
will cost in the neighborhood of $39,000
and the latter n brick building which
trill be erected at a cost of $S 1,000. It
is expertc-ri the plans will be accepted
within the novt few days.
The resignation of Miss Frances M.
Kanijoin. a regular teacher of the Jean
Parker Grammar School, was accepted
and will take effect on January 1.
Ratbbone Sisters* Offleera.
The following named have been
elected to serve as officers of San Fran
cisco Temple of tho Order of the Rath
bone Sisters: Lizzie Burns, M. E. C;
Annie Arnold. K. S.; Carrie F. Ewing,
K. J.; Minnie Davis (rc-'elected), M. of
T.; Emma A. Schofield (re-elected), M.
of R. and C; Anna C. Terry (re
elected). M. of F.; Ida Potter. P. of T.;
Verona Hi&gason, G. of O. T.; Jennie
Handel. P. C: Grace Bray, trustee for
eighteen months.
Arrested as a Witness.
Fong Nam Haw, a. Chinese, who was
to be deported yesterday, was taken
into" custody by United States Marshal
Shine as a witness against Fong Shew,
a merchant, charged with perjury.
Rectal and Intestinal ' 18 m I * ' cure Piles, Fls-
Dip«aso.« require the at- . I* jg£r * wM »»'"• FiMnre, Conntlpa-
toniion ot a skilled Fpe- R\ JB',-— _ 'JsM tlon ' ltf>h '"K Piles and
cialist. I have spent =0 m\4T * '?" «? th ? r oCtal and ln "
years in the study and |iSw^ man^nily.^oT^V. cSI
trpatmont of these di?- ( t^'^B^^^^Bßt or writo for my Illustrat-
MPf. I treat those dis- WWm&g&Wtfimm 47-pape frer book,
\u0084-c nn i v B^—bi — \u25a0\u25a0 r L. v .. Tr ., H ff Rectal and Intrnillnnl
ases onlj. . \u0084' .""" l Diseases. - Their Cause
Consultation FREE. and Cure.
CQhtiY D PCCTnjI M n Suite 501-LO2 Donohoe Bldar.,
rnMRN n, f-COiU!l, ffli U., MarKet and Taylor Sts.. ,S. F.
TWO OFFERS OF PROPERTY
FOR PUISMC PLAYGROUND
City Attorney Slnkes Invcatlgation and
Iti-lw Matter to the Board of
Supervisors.
Two offers o? property in the vicinity
of Seventh and Bryant streets for the
Kite for a children's public playground
were Investigated by thje City Attorney
yesterday. One was made by the Mor
ton Drayingr | Company, which has a
building at Seventh and Bryant streets.
The lot is 37:0 by 175 feet and with the
improvements is offered to the city for
$70,000.
The other offer is made by the
Schmiedell Kstate* Company. This prop
erty consists of numerous buildings ami
Its dimensions are 273 by 275 feet and
the price asked is $137,000. .It is situ
ated on the north side of Bryant street,
east of Seventh.
The purchase by the city from W. E.
Dean of a piece of property. 275 by 412
feet, which was made some time ago,
was formally closed yesterday. The
price paid by ' the city was $150,000.
Ruffino and Rianchi, who own a marble
yard near the latter property, are not
anxious to part with their holdings,
though the city made overtures to them
some time ago. The sale by E. G. Cook
of a piece of property adjoining
Dean's for $100,000 was also closed.
A good, clean, wholesome medicine,
pleasant and agreeable to take, no grip-,
ing, no pain. Lash's Bitters. •
Robber by a Woman.
Alfred Brown, 451 Mission street, re
ported to the police yesterday morning
that his purse containing $18 and a dia
mond ring valued at $100 had been
stolen from his hip pocket by a woman
He said she accosted him on Natoma*
street, between Mary and Fifth, and
while he was talking to her she must
have stolen his purse, as he missed it
as soon as she left him. He gave a
description of the woman.
Insolvent Housevrlfe.
Mary J. Wakely, a housewife, of San
Jose, filed a petition In insolvency yes
terday in the United States District
Court. She owes $449 and has no assets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1905:
LINE OFFICERS
ARE ELIGIBLE
People of Nevada City Want
a New Company to Take the
Place of "C." Mustered Out
KEPOKT 3IUST BE ON TBIE
Tiie Fifth Infantry Officers
Discuss What Should Ec
Done During the Year 1900
/ \u25a0 . ' -\u25a0 • \u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0 - •
-For a long- time the officers of tho
National Guard of California have been
in doubt 'as ,to, the rights "of an officer
who _has not served as a company of
ficer, but "who has served for a long
time as. a line officer, to eligibility as a
field officer. Within a few days Ad
jutant General Lauck, who was asked
for a ruling on this point,gave such,
which is, that in his opinion, any line
officer who has served two years as
such is eligible "to "election* as field of
ficer. This will settle a mooted Ques
tion.
A petition has been sent to the com
mander in chief for the organization
and mustering in at Nevada City of a
company to take the place of Company
C, that was mustered out some time
ago.
The very positive orders of Brigadier
-General Koster of the Second Brigade
that, reports must be in on time has
had its effect. The reports of. target
practice in the different organizations,
he said, must be in before December 12,
and they were all in prior to that date
except that of Company A of the Fifth
Infantry.' Why it was not sent in will
have to be explained in almost satis
factory manner by the commanding of
ficer. This* is the first time in 'many
years that practically all reports have
been sent in on time.
" General Koster, in speaking on this
subject a few days since, said that of
ficers whose duty it is to send In re
ports "must have them in on time or
suffer, the consequences."
At the meeting of the officers of tho
Fifth Infantry. National Guard of Cal
ifornia, in brigade headquarters in this
city on the second Sunday in the cur
rent month there were present. Colonel
Hayes, Lieutenant Colonel Julllard, Ma
jors Smith. Haven and Hunt, Captain
Margo, Regimental Adjutant Captain
Peterson and Lieutenant Francis and
Herman of Company A, Captain Holtum
and Lieutenants Farrell and Schwartz
of Company B, Captain Dlxon of Com
pany C. Captain Vanderbilt and Lieu
tenant Hawkins of Company D, Captain
Houts and Lieutenants Bronson and
Butts of Company E, Captain Wethern
and Lieutenants Covalt and Sullivan of
Company F, Captain Gillogly of Com
pany G, Captain Gardner and- Lieuten
ant Treadway of Company H and Lieu
tenant Young of Company I.
CONSIDERING WORK.
\u25a0 The meeting was for the purpose of
considering what shall be done during
the coming year with a view to in
creasing the efficiency of the- regiment
as a whole and the companies as indi
vidual organizations/. The regimental
c6mmahder~"presidedTand after calling
the assemblage to order, the three ma
jors in the order of seniority gave an
account of the condition of the batta
lions under their respective command
and also offered suggestions.
One suggestion was that the field of
ficers should meet at stated periods
for the purpose of comparing notes,
with the idea of doing the work in
each battalion along -exactly the same
lines.
Target practice was discussed and
the opinion was that more attention
should be paid to it, so tljat there shall
be better marksmanship. Majors Smith
and Haven reported that they had suit
able ranges for the companies of their
respective battalions, while Major
Hunt stated that he had discovered an
ideal site for a range and that an effort
will be made .to secure it for the use
of Companies A. F arid G.
The subject of indoor and outdoor
drill, practice marches arid the like,
was fully discussed and attention was
called to" orders of Brigadier General
Koster, commanding the Second Bri
gade, ln regard to promptness in the
matter of transmitting reports and re
turns through the proper channels.
It was also decided that there
should be a meeting of the regimental
and company officers once in three
months for the «ood of the service.
After the meeting was declared
closed, all adjourned to a rotisserie to
enjoy a Sunday dinner."
SIGNAL WORK PRACTICE.
It is said that the Signal Corps of
the Second Hrigade will put on "a
spurt" during the coming . year, and
early in the season will move in the
line of progression. It lg contemplated
there will be practical and long-dis
tance signaling by rides, to (suburban
points, and that during the year the
men of this organization will endeavor
to make a record Jrf reading correctly
cipher letters sent by wand inside of
four minutes; redding correctly all nu
merals sent by wand inside of thirty
seconds; memorizing all abbreviations
and conventional' signals as ltiicl down
on the card; sending. correctly twenty
five cipher letters and five fronts with
four-foot flags, letter being called, to
send, inside of one minute; heliograph
ing ,with single and double mirror,
demonstrating ability to set up both
and to correctly send and receive mes
sages and satisfactorily climbing and
descending , thirty-foot pole with
'climbers."' This- is on the plan of
what is .done in other States and It
Is believecl that it\ will bring the men
of the corps into a lineof practice with
which they should be thoroughly fami
liar. It is alsoexpected that the men
will be instructed in every known
method of sound or visual means 'of
communication from old "style "wig
wag" signaling to; wireless telegraph
ing. \ .
CAVALRY TROPP I3IPROVING.
There is considerable activity In Troop
A, cavalry, Captain Grenniger command
ing. The new captain has done well in
recruiting and he has done much in- the
matter of having the , men of his com
mand pay strict attention to the duties
expected of them.' . > * \u25a0•- X :
There are many men in. the First'lnfan
try \who " say that battalion '\u25a0 drill in the
armory ought; to be followed by a social
hour. 1 They are 'of the \u25a0 opinion that at
battalion drills / in the armory the I regi
mental band* should be on hand, • and
after drill should play dance music -for
the men who have drilled and for their
gentlemen and I lady i friends, who should
be invited to witness the work of the sol
diers. They, believe that by such a course
more interest in the_ citizen soldiery would
be created : and the community would
know more of the guard and what it does.
•At the meeting of the" Association of the
Naval Militla'iof the United " States, held
in Washington, -D/C, last ; week,, Captain
v Wiiliam George William f Bauer, '; com
manding the Naval Militia of California,
was elected vice president.; Captain Bauer,
was '\u25a0: commlsslned ;:V commander •; of • the
militiaof this State October 17, 1903. The
organization . Is 'the*; second \u25a0 largest 1 militia
inthe' United -States, that of New York
being -the \ larger. "The captain ; has\beeh
active in his endeavors" f or • some 'time
past to secure for the i, use of the \u25a0 organi
zation under f hia '^command; the r 'i United
States steamer Petrel } to . replace 'the' Ma
rion. It is expected that that vessel will
BURCLARS HAVE
A BUSY TIME
Mrs. H. Thompson Wakens
From Slumbers and Finds
Jewelry* and Coin
PAIB OVEKSHOES LEFT
Residence of Mrs. A. Kirner
arid* Saloons Entered and
Valuable Articles Taken
A burglar visited the residence of H.
Thompson, 1909 Pine street, between 1
and 2 o'clock . yesterday morning.' Mrs.
Thompson was awakened by the crying
of her baby and observed 'that the light
in the hall was out. She also heard foot
steps descending the stairs. She lighted
the gas in her bedroom and discovered
that a burglar had ransacked the bureau
drawers. She telephoned . to. the North
End Police station, and Policeman G. H.
Lance responded.
Lance made a thorough search, but
could find no trace - of A the- midnight
marauder except . a pair of overshoes,
which he had left behind in his eagerness
to get away, jAn examination showed
that entrance had been effected by open
ing the front door with a skeleton key.
A Persian lamb's wool Jacket valued at
$150, \ $30 in gold and a pocketknife had
been stolen from the bureau drawers in
Mrs. Thompson's room, and $28 from the
room of James M. Meehan. Mrs. Thomp
son's husband is captain of a steamer and
is at present at sea.
Mrs. A. Kirner, 818 ; McAllister street,
reported to the police yesterday that her
residence had been entered by burglars
on Friday night and thoroughly ran
sacked. Bntrance had"been effected . by
opening the front door with a key. A gold
watch valued at $100, a lady's gold watch
valued at $15, a scarf pin valued at $25, a
gold claw ring valued at $10, a silver
watch valued at $5, a china bracelet val
ued at $2 and $5 ln coin were stolen.
The Baloon and grocery of Eickhorst &
Linderwuth, Pierce and \ Greenwich
streets, was entered early yesterday
morning and $10 taken from the cash reg
isters. Ten soldiers had been drinking in
the saloon when it was closed, and it is
suspected that one of them hid himself.
The saloon of L. Hendrickson, 336 Kast
street, was entered eafty-yesterday morn
ing by forcing a bolt off a side door, and
five bottles of whisky, a bottle of gin. and
$1 50 in coin stolen.
Christmas at Del Monte.
Enjoy the golf, the- glass-bottom
boats, hot salt water swimming, riding,
driving arid tennis, Special tickets,
good leaving San Francisco by any
train from Friday, December 22, re
turning any train Tuesday, December
26. Round trip rate, including- four
days' accommodations at DEL MONTE,
only $18.00. Through train, with parlor
car, leaves Third and Townsend daily
at 3; returning, leaves Del Monte at
S:3O a. m. . •
Allowed to Go on Probation.
Charles Boyle was allowed .to go on
probation by Judge Lawlor yesterday
on his promise that he would leave on
a vessel for Australia, where he'".was
born. Boyle was tried and convicted
on a charge of assault to rob A. Olaen
on Drumm street on September 28. He
was with Louis Novinsky, who turned
State's evidence against him.
Vehicle*! Vehicles t Vehicles!
We are agents for four leading lines of ve
hicles. Dc not buy until you have seen our
stock. Liebold Harness Co., 211 I^arkin st.,
opposite City Hall. •
be turned over to the California Naval
Militia ln a short time. The organization
at this time consists of seven divisions,
located at San Francisco, Eureka, Santa
Cruz. . Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
San Diego. • \
\u25a0\u25a0 !\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 — —^^— \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 —^^^^ t&^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ '
ffWe arc now building :^j| c v . ~ llr few of our recent
on£ Hundred (100) stamp Mm for bltlCltlllS rXITII2IC6S^ installations include:
the Tonopah Mining Company of -g *-* '• ' /"I \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 *\
Nevada 51 till SirrtPQQIWPQ I IOTI* Four <4) five-deck Merton Patent
Aevada - V , . <\IIU. <\V>t>CiOD\JIIUOSHJUIL Roasting Furnaces for reducing the
I pplpiiiS verting Plants,Gold -SiL™~-—
for the Mitchell Mining Company, /\u25a0<«•.« •»% t \u25a0 *• • \
whose mines are located in the SITHI Si IVI>T* KPfIiIPTI ATI' The ne W Forty (40) Stamp Mill erected
State of Guerrero Mexico diltl JX&UUUIIUII i wl * h structural steel frames, an inno-
State or uuerrcro, xuexico. «••** V W • •< H \ vation in mill construction, for the •
Mills,. Cyanide and •^.-~-™
Reyes, Mazatlan, Sinaloa, Mexico. r!VfelsVft*lYl«.-f i/VTft T?/¥.ltri ' One 18^x30x30 two-stoge four-cylinder
fjnionnciiiuii j^ti uiD" beit dnven Air and I**2 *
Mill, Air Compressor Plant, Steam ' VIUVA lUMUVAi^«iui^ ( x 36 direct acting cross compound,
Ifcr^iSilill .ments, Ore Sampling \u25a0 «taras2rs-s:
if ||^gg|^j :^rks,HoMhgand. %
a SlSmTLbie En Bi ne, Pqwer Mac%Merton HHrE&Hi^sit '^
Steam Driven Hoist with steam ,'"TV " i* * 1* ! land, B. C.
actuated/ brakes^ and friction KOaSimg JTUniaCeS JUf \u25a0*•**, fan ,Un,p. Am., S ama.,n S .
\u25a0 clutch^, for the Montana-Tonopah \u0084 O * ** , Roasting and Concentrating Silver
Mining Company of Nevada. i \iXtt\t\t*&Q.Q.4Xf*G. frc/Y/Vlr. Mm - all electrically driven, for the
HjvilllUl tjOOVil Of JXhJ^JIV Silver Cup Mines, Ltd., Ferguson.
A complete Copper Smelting Plant , TV» mV Yv ' V* ' B " C "
for the Cleopatra Copper Company 1 1|^]JQ il&TilftrOTl FjHTHI^ A 35 ° h - P- *»"**»" D™bleD ™ bIe Engine, dou-
of- Arizona. . *^ JL AIAU»V**«IVI V/ALJ. 1411LJJO b i e drum , direct ac ting hoisting en-
;:-jV,, „\u0084 ' '\u25a0-\u25a0*. „,. . i^ l t-*^^»44tik**o'Kv«l^-^T?— .^*^. -/^ : Sine, with structural steel grallows
A complete Gold Mill and Electric | inßTlOlftl irlnVinTrTlOTfifiQ frame, and a complete system for the
Hoisting Plamv for the Overland V"*** l **^ **XI*JIVI IAIKIIIUC , automatic handling of ore from the
Mining Comp«y. of Nevada and Rr&iliPt*C *\-tof\ Q<X?KT T^/fTflio ; mine, for the Compania Corocoro de \u25a0
6 r-yfj fiSiriltil «S OlltJ kla'vW^ lirllllS Bolivia. Bolivia, South America, and
" : many, others. - .. • . JL^XJXXXJA. %J \AJit\AhJ%\.ll ITIIIIQ many others. i
sTsfs^sm^^^ssi a^ sWs^sssssssM^ ssbsssV fISHI9B ? JTj^J * m k^k%^
jts&SßsSSsSmUßS^^^± \u25a0 -''\u25a0\u25a0'• -- .\u25a0- \u25a0 :-': -'- :'\u25a0 -.-'"•,'. ', - '*•'"\u25a0: -'^^jCSJ^SiWsM^^sBBKWsBsWBat^B^
THE WAY IN WHICH MANY OP OUR GREAT MEN HAVE STEPPED TO SUCCESS.
The opportunity for young men and women.l would b« able to shave a man a day or per- [them. It is like fcuyinx a ch»»p diamond,
is.dtill open; why not crasp It and take a haps not that many. Many weU thinking Don't romDlain ii you z?l one that soon loses
step that willbrlng- you nearer the goal which, young men would not take up the trade as its brilliancy. Mr. G. \u25a0W. HAIGHT. the own-
win elve you the ambition to go still higher they did not want to be known as bootblacks *r, for several roan has N>en studying tfc*
up the ladderof fame? . - and porters. When you hear a man say I best method of teaching the trade and find*
/Many of our leading- attorneys, doctors, learned my trade tn a barber shop you will the JIOLER SYSTEM with the new method
surgeons, dentists and other professional men find nine cut of ten were either bootblacks that he has combined with tt Is the only proper
have begun- at the bottom of the ladder and or porters, but this •has/all been changed, method In existence to-day. He visits his
have climbed to the highest rung., The barber THE MOL.ER SYSTEM of college*, founded schools regularly and gives lectures and dem-
trade has given them this opportunity, and twelve years aeo, takes the young man and onstrations. not only urgtag his students to
It will do the came for you. There is no trade puta him ln their free clinics where he has become expert barbers, but urging the necw-
to-day that gives the- young man the oppor- tue opportunity of shaving and cutting hair sity of maklnir a step higher ln life and us*
tunlty to educate himself as the barber trade, continually. In fact, each atudent will work the barber trade to take them up that step.
There Is no trade that gives you the same on from twenty to thirty men every day. They It is a credit to any city to see the vniir^
advantages to study human nature a» the are under the Instruction of a hl?h salaried man from th- ranch and farm ami oth?r Wai/^W
barber trade. There .is no trade that oan b« ar ° er w«° teaches them to be an up-to-date of life makln* a new start in life and beimf
learned In so short a time and at so little ex- paroer. They are taught the use of all the his own educator. No longer can h» say I
pense as the barber ; trade. -If a young man latest electrical appliances used ln a flrst-clasa have no opportunity it Is open and it is a wel-
wants to elevate himself., go through college, shop: the latest styles of halrcuttlng and are come sight to see so many young men and
law school or some dental clinic and at the given lectures and demonstration on all dls- women grasp it
6ame time pay Ma expenses, what better way 5r? e3 ?r? r Use scalp and Htm. .In fact, every- ill vail thfnVin* AmnWran r)MT«»n« -«rt«ih th«
can he find than^he Wber SS'bW? 1 * *"^ tho ' tpdeat » «**\u25a0 MffiKSro? offflg? colegS J'grSd
iJ^a^ecea^^oVhtrto^oT/TbiSer *% *%£ there are . W 'cheao barber .Sr 5 $? JSSSSFi $S£".t£.
SS-ff $ZsX?^ &£?%!& "SsH "^l^ * «««- «"
Commercial Traveler Disappears.
A-liorse and buggy were found In tho
panhandle of the Park early yesterday
morning by Jol\n Sullivan, engineer at
the Scobio Hospital. A slouch hat and
a box containing cleaning material
were in the buggy. The rig was taken
to the Golden Gate Park station and
was later turned over to the Golden
Gate Stables at 24 Golden Gate avenue.
It was hired -from these stables by P.
Woolf, traveling salesman for. the At
lantic Sanitary Supply Company, 218
Sacramento street, who resides at 123
Golden Gate avenue. The police were
unable to ascertain what had become
of Woolf.
Nenmaii Brothers' Case Postponed.
William and Henry Newman ap
peared yesterday in Department Eleven
of the Superior Court to show cause
why they, should not be punished for
contempt of, court for making an as
sault upon Jacob S. Meyer, a witness in
the Collins case. The accused men ap
peared before Judge Lafrlor in the ab
sence of Judge Lennon and. the court
postponed the hearing- for one week.
The American Cigar, 2 for 25c, beats
the world. Mattheas & Co., distributors.*
Arrested tor Burirlary.
Richard "Windrow, 3377 Twenty-sixth
street, reported to Policemen Dowd and
Juel early yesterday morning that his
room had been entered and a quantity
of underwear and other articles stolen.
He said he suspected Robert E. Hunter
and Rudy Dyer, two other roomers,
and the officers on searching their room
found the stolen articles. Hunter and
Dyer were arrested on a charge of
burglary. . , . ,
Christmas at Del Monte.
Enjoy the golf, the glass-bottom
•boats, hot salt water swimming, riding,
driving and tennis. Special tickets,
good leaving San Francisco by any
train from Friday, December 22, re
turning any^traln Tuesday, December
26. Round trip rate, including four
days' accommodations at DEL MONTE,
only $15.00. Through train, with parlor
car, leaves Third and Townsend dally
at 3; returning, leaves Del Monte at
S:3O a. m. . •
Brick McPlierson Sentenced.
Alexander "W. McPherson, better
known as "Brick." was sentenced by
Judge Dunne yesterday to serve eight
een months, ln San Que,ntin on a charge
of extortion. He extorted money from
John Sheehan in May last on an allleged
scheme to smuggle opium.
For Simplicity, Efficiency and Durability
Cannot Be Beaten.
Operated by Any Available Power and Built to
Withstand the Most Severe Duty.
GEO. I DOW PUMPING ENGINE CO.
179 First Street, San Francisco, CaL
lIIIIIIIIIMIIIIII II 111 I\u25a0! \u25a0!\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0«iT~ —A
THE BOHEMIAN CAFE.
A Favorite Resort for Business Men
. , and Bohemians.
Among the cafes which are a delight
to men about town none Is more popu
lar among the x smart set than the Bo
hemian Cafe, at 711 Market street, con
ducted by A. Oi Hagedorn. one of the
most expert mixologist^on the Pacific
Coast, and ably managed by Mr. Theo
dore H. Pilster. whose genial nature and
accommodating ways has aided materi
ally in popularizing the,resort. That
its reputation is well based Is evi
denced by the superb character of the
place itself, its sumptuous fittings,
choice bric-a-brac, magnificent paint
ings and the unequaled character ot
the liquids dispensed at the bar. -
The Bohemian Cafe is the favorite
resort of business men, artists and
members of the professions generally
and its equipments are "not surpassed
by any similar establishment in . the
city. The cafe Is a veritable atelier
with Its Venetian statuary, Dresden
bric-a-brac and paintings by the best
known Italian. French and German ar
tists. The wainscoting and fittings of
the place are of mahogany polished to
a high degree. The walls and ceilings
are adorned with paintings depicting
for the main part hunting scenes, while
the mural decorations are of gold with
a background of cream color. The
lunch served to patrons' is all that the
most epicurean taste could demand. •
A Rare Oaaortunlty.
Buy your robes* and blankets now. TVe ar«
giAng 25 per cent off. All goods marked ln
plain figures. Lelbold Harness Co., 211 Lar
kin st.. opp. City Hall. . - •;
JOYCE THREATENS UTE
OP HIS MOTHER-IX-IuAT^W
Mrs. Kmnrn Evans Unable to Obtaia
. Necessary Warrant Otvlbr to
Absence of Judges. ";^
Mrs. Emma Evans, 49 Park Hill ave
nue." applied at tho Bond and "Warrant
Clerk's office yesterday afternoon for a
warrant for the arrest of George Joyce,
her son-in-law, on a charge of threats
against life. No Judge could be found
and she was asked to return to-mor
row.
Mrs. Evans had Joyce arreated on
Thursday, with Madge Wilson and
Daisy Leonard, for obtaining: $300 from
her last May for a half Interest in the
Strand lodging-hou3e on. .Annie street
on the representation that the furniture
belonged to the two • women, when in
fact they had only paid $100 deposit on
it. Joyce was released on $200 cash
bail on Friday night and Mrs. Evans
says he went to her house, took entire
possession and threatened to kill her.
She was afraid to return.
She said that Joyce was married to
her daughter last July and was di
vorced from his other wife ln February.
If this Is true Joyce has committed
bigamy. The police say that Joyce was
sent to San Quentln in 1901 from Loa
Angeles to serve five years for forgery.
If Fortune 'has been "trying 1 your
metal by blows" lately, read the want
ads. and find a way to "strike back."<*kbs*x ' ill II \ : -W^^''St^/ r///^^^\\W We have sdmc-8972 samples of Ladies* Hand Ba^s,
yjr^r f %^^^^^^^^^^^/ M\ I^^Mk gOOdS " You know the reason why. He gave us a b\s
l/ PATV/ITVYIYTC ! - DIRRON^ M\\\ 111 \mV JfJfr f*l /\f rinC N ° ma^ ter 7- hal^ kind ° f v^ VCs I A T^DAMC Make acceptable presents. . Here's j T TNnTIFR*WF A D I
1 UUIVirOH I 3 «IDDUI>«3 mVmU^V^^^^ GLOVES yOUt lady M, fn r? ?$ °? Udren * APKUIMS the way we sell them. i VllUl^JX W L,I\H U
vv/iUiUKAU For fancy-work or neck-^SaX^^^^^^S^' v.'u .' *- J wear, you'll find the largest 3 JS^ JL f LADIES' KNITTED UN- I
R CHILDREN'S COMBINA- wear. At the way the Price Ns^^^^^^»^ assortment here. , J LADIES' APRONS-Made of XX white lawn full J DERWEA R_The good warm B
H TION SUlT— Made of India A Cutter sells. All silk satin K '' CHILDREN'S MITTS-Silk finished thread; jer- ft width; trimmed with 8 tucks and 4-inch deep henv ) kind for winter wear; \u25a0 made of ti
|! thread; fleece lined: high neck » ribbon (the narrow width); sey knit; in pink, blue or white. Not 25c as they should f t stitched hem. Price • " § Egyptian yarn; fleece lined; I
v and long sleeves; ankle length; I in pink, blue, nile green and *"v.^.if . f -\t,"'' \u25a0'\u25a0'' I be. Our price. ..... ,-•••. I<><? ' LADIES' APRONS—^Made of white English lawn; E high neck and long sleeves; M
1\ in gray or white. Price. . ,25c j lavender. Price lc yard. * "" j CHILD'S GLOVE— Made of French lisle; silk f f u n w jdth arid length; finished with a Swiss embroid- > pants to match. Price 25e @
M CHILDREN'S VESTS and DRESDEN or DOLLY VARDEN RIBBON— { stitched back; has 2 patent clasps; in modes, tan, gray, J e red insertion and"deep hemstitched hem; long and y T4ni --, rnMRTMATTnM fl
m PANTALETS (The Mentor)— Made of all-silk taffeta and fancy colored flowers; 2 ? gun metal and navy. Price .......... -oc V w ide strings. Price 25c } chtt m 2 «f Th, I,^ I
II Kid fitting kind: made of velvet ' inches wide Price yard 20c v LADIES' GLOVES— Made of suede lisle; 2 patent ?, b t - - * SUlT— Made of India thread, fj
I SbefthrSl^r^St i SILK TAFFETA RIBBbN-WiVh" hand-made em- 5 clasps; stitched back;, in grays, tans, mode, brown, g '^ DI f E g\ A^??Kil^L^^^^^ bo" «£ws I
N Small and medinm size. .1250 broidered silk dots; white with blue dots; white with- J black and white. Price , 2,, c W sateen; full length and width, extra large pocket fin f™ >r^t whfte SoS I
|^ Large and extra size.. ..35c Jl r ed d °* s Cleaned by a d^y c "^^; ;^; — ••°^J|s^ hl[^L^^~^lll^^jJ
f CATiyrn Women appreciate diamonds 5 Tvr^C*nn^:¥\ WOMEN buy their CHILDREN'S UNDER- | 7^MT/\^TC Full size; well filled " vi . th floss: o fto ' I 7VI T TPPf P"H^ FoTkl I
I and others silk undrrwear M yilSSris GARMENTS here. They know they get the g \u25a0 LjUZiOilJfli 20 inches square. Price -«>c g i^l Vi 1 i-ti-IKiJ j^j n?iV— I
i k - PV ' lYxaj and here's some that you i -^ '*-'*-» *"W best "E - •**v*iw» 22 inches square. Price ...i : «*«> c 5 «a tea ««j-— \u25a0
)' cannot bat aonreciate =>« "^ "*««• y«" uc&t. , fe 24 inches square Price 40c » Made of extra heavy surah, 18 inches wide, B
S T Amp*?* VfVt^_\t «f Ikt 1 E CHILD'S VEST— The kind that opens all' the way down the U \* '. .............. » inches long; equal to any $1.50 quality «
8 Kax^r St mi nrlunn «w «\u25a0 celebrated 4 front . made of extra fine j ersey knit . high nec^ i ong sleeves.; silk 2 , CUSHION RIBBONS— 4 inches wide; in all-silk satin; corded, and 9 \ that you will find in any store in the city. £j
fl ch?t~J "%^n)ri; a lhl«fin;i,.r-rt^ % P earl stitched down the front and neck. Price .25c :kf shaded from the light to the darkest shade; in reds, pinks, yellow, greeri, ft Our price OSc 1 .
I rows To/'croc'hJted [ 'belding with ribbon run 3 REUBEN'S INFANTS' VESTS or HEALTH PROTECTORS |j etc. Price 23c S MUFFLERS - Made of extra heavy B
I "ing through. Price 50c \ —Made of jersey knitted fabric; high neck, long sleeves; snug fitting 'gf Extra Heavy Cords for Cushions-Made of mercerized thread: double J Y*™^*iJ3''-% J^L^Jr^Aem 3 I
(I LADIES* VESTS-Made of French lisle; \ over chest and abdomen; tied back n a patent way; no buttons or gj tw i ste d; large tassels on each end: in reds, green, orange, pink and many | Tf vnS na?d " $2m S ro^ld not eaJ5 U
(I low neck, no sleeves; deep hand-crocheted £ button-holes to pull off. Price -oc anct^oc B other pretty colors on our bargainV table. Price ....23c 5 »yo u pa id _?2. 00 you could not equal \u25a0
1 yoke; also over the shoulders beading and j~ CHILD'S SLEEPING GARMENTS (Dr. Denton's Patented 8 .. , . , f \u0084, L . ..• * • «bS™ iry"^".'^ i,Z \u25a0
1 "washable silk braid running through. You & Kind)— Made of jersey knitted cloth; Wool finish; moccasins for the $. PILLOW RIBBON— 4^ inches wide; made of silk bunting and fancy 2 MU**l-bKS> — Made ot extra neavy eg
i could not get anything richer or better for 8A foet: turned down cuff; pocket on side; open all the way down the (fc stripes, such as lavenders, cense, orange,, green and purple, etc. A piece h Amour billc, ncn luster, extra wiae ana m
I! $1 23. Our price Ssc » back; comfort giver and low price sOc and 75c W : of 4^4 yards to go around any cushion, price, a piece.. Joe J^. iull length, wide nemstitcned enas . . . y*..uv
Wl YZtW* T«tJt3 LITTLE DARLINGS.— DRESSES made of French W T\'B2'T l T^ n A «T»^ LADIES' PETTICOATS — They niake'nWfe^TSWr^XTr f' Want tO s om e welUmade and very stylish Under- W
mPS fill I iir nainsook; circular yoke with tucks, Valenciennes in- Wj UP I I IL/O/A I an . acceptable and useful present. » |r YIJU W T a »^?^^li*?« d xie i^lu l X£i] w a «r n , iff
g 1 KJfSX 1 111-. sertion ; ]SQ finish 3 ed with hemstitched beading; new M * A iW r K A LADIES' PETTICOAT-Made of fast 3 ** J-Y LADIES' GOWNS-In the soft bleached muslin square H.
a sleeves trimmed with lace, finished at bottom with ruffles, tucks- and lace. « black mercerized .cloth; trimmed with a 12-inch- flounce,: with a double fl- yoke, embroidery insertion; also tucked; yokes good width and length. DM
P The making alone costs you more than we sell this dress finished, at. J^l. ls O ruffle; trimmed with' '4. rows "of feather " stitching and 4 rows bias fold % .. Price:.. * • - owe |J
J BABIES' CAPS — Made of extra heavy India Silk in the Dutch effect; Eg tailor-stitched bands; liberally made, but;a short price.-. .; .....S>s« M. LADIES' GOWNS Made of soft finished cambric; low neck, round M
*4 with three rows of extra fine Valenciennes iace insertion; hemstitched Eg LADIES' PETTICOAT — Made .of French,moreen; fast black; trim- j| * effect," short sleeves; neck trimmed with extra fine quality of Valenciennes W
3 and trimmed with Ribbon Bow, extra long and wide strings; silk lined ff| mcd with 12-inch accordeon pleated flounce, finished with 3 rows of bias *| ] ace anc i insertion; sleeves trimmed with'ruffle and lace; well sewed; lib- jsij
§ and one of the richest caps you would like to see; real value, $2.50. Our W| folds; tailor-stitched seams; full length and width; not $1 50 as _it « erally made, but at a short price :.. SJ>c II
9 Xmas bargain $1.50 KB should be. The Price Cutter's price. — OSc at . T at-utt*?' rnR<?PT cnVFVf^ \TaH«» r»f Fncrlish Inntr doth- orettv il
I INFANTS' SHOES— In button, lace and sandals; made of soft kid, M LADIES' PETTICOAT— Made of heavy fast black mercerized cloth, [Jl Valenciennes lace around the yoke and sleeves Price....?.... 25c I
4 patent leather; with kid tops, soft soles; in white, black, tan, pink and M trimmed with a 15-incli accordeon pleated flounce; also trimmed with 3 U \u25a0 ' . , . ... • H
I blue. Your choice at 50c Kg rows of tailor stitched seams and finished with /uffle and fancy braid and fl LADIES' CORSET COVERS—^Empire yoke, trimmed with two rows:., ' |
Why not give a Gift Certificate, then your friends could choose as they 13 d ust ruffle; extra wide and all lengths; the material costs more than; we jl of Maltese lace insertion; also lace with lace beading and ribbon; tight v|
5 please? " |fl| ask for this. Price ......... $I.s<> i fitting. Price 7 sOc BJ
S TTTUIT "iiT^Xin Give Wear- 5 f* /f\ir*C*'d*C< Make Acceptable Presents. We are the .£$ ./irAirnri —THE GOOD KIND; the ones you. can be proud to' f» TPXJrCCC For youl^ S,.
M/IIY NIB I able Things? i? . 1,1 ISvNP l\ Headquarters. Corset orders issued. 50 your )« |-|| I B VFI give as a holiday present; warranted and fitted. L 1 O PAP fnend. You give to \\
; VTIII l^V" 1 Here are some t V^/A\iJl^ i iJ» ]ady friend can have them fitted QX ah^ ed : g :Vll-iVr. V JU^P . LADY WARWICK-Made of: soft, tanned dogskin; • A x ***-•"-»*-• please when you I.
White Petticoats for less than you can ff if you don't know the size she wears. Fitted and altered- free. )L mannish stitch and finish; one large button clasp; Paris point stitched /f give them. fl
buy the material for. k NP'Mn «5T?t v ppnnnTMr rnRWT k^» n f ;i.,«,,\,«; v ,r S back: in brown, tan, English red. Price Jfl.OO W CHILDREN'S HANDKER-
LADIES' PETTICOATS -Made of % bonin^wd imo^ted^SS^nd Sc^rinW CHIEFS-Made of English lawn;|
! soft bleached muslin, trimmed with ay S the^So^narKlr IS Prire immed ' * -. COr «V no & two-button, clasp; overseam stitching; 3 rows of stitching in back; in red, h scalloped and hemstitched, embroid- |) . -
7 inch flounce and open work, hemstitch- £ S^t .mavy,.^ mode, brown, pearl, white or black; all sizes. Price.. .SI.OO U ered; one in a fancy colored picture I f
»/ ed tucks and finished with a hemstitched ?x? x „ VAN P^E 1^ LA GRECQUE— SteeI-boned .lattice ribbon: % LADIES' MOCHA or UNDRESSED KID GLOVES— Soft and JS box. Price .......: lOc 1 %i/
V#» j band; full width. Price .......... 50c 4 cH <~ ci '> twelve different styles to choose -from, slender -or stout, j A heavy; the- kind for shopping, driving or winter wear; made of one large H CHILDREN'S HANDKER- fl ji
VW r LADIES' PETTICOATS — Made of $ tall or S "°. T }> all flzes to fit you. Price. . v ..... ...spLoO" £ patent clasp; pique stitched seams; mannish effect; in grays, mode, tans, a' CHIEFS— White: hemstitched; three H/^|
\r Lonsdale muslin, with a iS-inch flounce y\ LA VIDA CORSET— Boned with genuine whalebone, clal.o- fro black.' "Price .:...«...... .^I.OO A in a fancy box. Price 150 SIV\J
V\ : of Swiss embroidery and insertion; the M rately trimmed; made of the finest imported material. Women 'A BOYS' or GIRLS' GLOVES — Made of soft finish craven kid: outseam Yd CHILDREN'S HANDKER- Hl^^
\l \ i embroidery would cost you' more than g that have had their corsets made to order we would like to have y stitching; Paris point back; one large clasp;. in gray, brown, English red. Ju CHIEFS— Made of Belfast lawn, with \u25a0. /
\jf we ask for the skirt finished. OSo yL you look at these. Price '..:. .'\u25a0; . : :...... $3. 50 g Price $1.00 & a colored initial; three in a box. .17c fit/ »
\A M -B-TTW/irrvirfc-Crr TA C* CHILD'S UMBRELLAS — Sfeel toPtit wwni\TnfC« Tk2 /Vrvin HandMandTwrisi Bags given awa7^^^^l|^TT«T^ C^ A>| "RIVPC HANDKERCHTEFS--The • Good Klndffiif
x JI/l UMBRELLAS li^sjspaiiSife i THEIffi'S.MODE <= |yg^ HSI 06EN-TLEMEN.S \u25a0«is^ H'SSS^g^^s£si.lXL..H 'SSS^g^^s£5i.lXL..
* LADIES' UMBRELLAS— Covered with rainproof cloth, steel rod and W) ceptable presents. We are prepared for that and we have some- special gfof pure-Belfast linen; full size; different widths of hemstitched borders. Eachl-Jic H ||j
Jfy3 P^rapon frame; fancy metal handles. Price .......50c ji good ones here for you. V- . \u0084 ... .. WA GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made of extra fine linen; full size; neat and jV///
/rfo LADIES' UMBRELLAS — The patent self-opening kind; extra heavy 4y CHILD'S WRIST BAG — Made of walrus skin; fancy metal frame, narrow hemstitched borders ;~soft and ready for use. Equal to any 40c handker- Hlif
\s/M waterproof cloth; steel rod, 21 patent ribs: the kind that cannot be blown T>^ Vienna handle; moire lined with purse inside to .match; in tan, blue, red, 0 chief you ever saw. Our price .* 2^c K. gf fc
gH'S inside out; natural wood handles. Price > 75c jj white and black. Price ............... sOc J* GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made of extra heavy Japanese silk; 22 inches ffil j
ff p G LADIES' UMBRELLAS — Steel rod afrid frames: covered with satin- X* LADIES' SHOPPING BAG— Made of black patent leather; moire lU\I U\ square; with a handsome embroidered initial. Price 50c H\fl#
%M IKi finished twilled cloth: German metal, mother of pearl, fancy horn and %f lined, steel and gilt frame; 10 inches long, hand-sewed; not $1.50 as it fM uA»Tm/r D PiiT^(j \u0084 , evv 1 .„.%<:• v. ra^A r~ O*&L9
V\ IM other styles of handles; real worth $r! 25 and $1.50. As long as the quantity P& should he. Our Price. ... f& GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made ot XX lawn; sott finish; ready for §
\\O?k:sts..: *I.o»jsj LADIES' AND GENTS' COIN PURSES— The medium or small ffl use; narrow hemstitched;' hand-made initial; fult size; six in a lancy box Jot SftW
\| M GENTS' UMBRELLAS— FuII size steel rod and frame covered with Jftj kind to carry, in your pocket or" hand; in suede, alligator 'or seal grain VA hohda V presents. A box ' • ->« gi VB ' i
IIM X fast l<!ack Italian twilled cloth: highly polished horn and fancy coin silver ft leather; all leather lined, strong clasp; the kind you cannot lose your money &/| GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS — Made of extra fine Belfast linen; full-size; ||K\\/
WII Sol handles; worth $1.25 of anybody's money. Our price 75c, Jr out of; in tan, black and *brown. Price ..:....... Use &4 neat hemstitched, hand-made initials; 6in box $1.50 «rA|Y'
1 /{f fcf TL & TEZT^TJ C* €^^\T7 No &V "gvTiTfenr'^S'f fvY/T 1 More acceptable for a holiday present than a Fur ft •vj£\7r T lITTfl 1 gT Find y° ur dollars will stretch when you 4 RUFFS AND mwfxf
AfilS MEN J frozen J? JNj fil I OIIMo Neck Piece - Here are some that will not be a strain ft Yljl/ Will buy your Handkerchiefs here. . W U XjIJAPS ST° L E S- A BW/ 4
(t4w^ XA-iA^ w-» "vxa, toes or A * on your purse. It's the Price Cutter's way of selling. BJ * V V V \u25a0 &A -' a - i LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS —Made jj **- W *** **-«-* sample line from feJMI
tXlftra sore feet in our Half-Hose. £» T AnTT?Q , cr ,. Dl , o^ttao at j rli 1 " j , , .- , •, : W of soft breached Irish lawn; narrow hemstitch with a small hand-em- 'I cne of the finest Eastern maufactur- mm f
hSlml MEN'S HALF-HOSE— Made of# 1 . A^ >1 . h ; b .^ARF COLLAR— Made of black coney; double lined; rich % broidered initial. Price. ....'. :...... 5c % ers. Made of all-silk chiffon, liberty WS&J
Wm double :S« Island th?ead b fa« black Xl r^eV stould bf O^ -LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS- Made of white lawn; hem- M and mousseline de soie; elaborate^ Hf
[f^l PI double heels and toes. Price. . 12 '/ 2 c 7# l ' 3 snouiQ De " uur pnce '^ c f> stitched and scalloped borders. Each ... 12&e If. made ruffs with deep accordeon-pleat- UJpJfc
iUSS MEN'S HOSE—Made of mercer- fl LADIES' FUR NECK PIECE— Tn ; the ' new necktie effect; made of , J LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS - Six in a box; scalloped and Sed c , nd , s ; » yo^ want any for yourself
thread, fast colors; double heels { f< sable cone >' : ed g, ed with corded fringe and extra heavy satin lined. They fx hemstitched borders. A b0x........ .' \u0084 50c X ° T hoh . d *y P^ents, here s your op- fi^g
ra and toes- in tan or black Price &/ are a ? ar ment that the fur stores make a great profit on. Not so here: X TAnTF^' HAMnTrTrT?rtJ T T7T?c: i* J, c ' '""v'u .- '/ .P ortunit >' to buy them tor one-quarter g/^>
$&M '"MEN'S HOS^-Mat of s.lm '"^ "" P "« C "«"' s "«- of -"4 SkK :..• ?1?^ X i.|^SiS^l^^SS^?£i^£Si U.refin i'SS H £S^?3l b.«k n ' an ° fa " Ur "' S """
S?''V« shrunk cashmere wool; the perfect fit- £3 FOUR-IN-HAND NECK PIECE— Made of -yfrhite French ermine; J Pn ce .......; 75c U 50 qua i ity ou " r price m m 91.00 W/m-
'''•'/'''l'M tsng kmd; in gray * tan and bI . a S k - >ti extra long wide ends; satin lined. Look at the ones they ask $7.50 for. <J LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made of extra fine Irish linen; *& 52.00 quality, our price i? 1.50 W/jfS
•>'//',''',£s Prire • *" ><? &r YOU know the Pnce Cutter 1S satisfied with a small profit. "Our ' price -^K. 75 1^ \u25a0' fancy embroidered, hemstitched edge: four in a box. for $1.00 Uf $2. so quality, our price '...i?1.05 W//Ytf
fc't/ kPt^T /TfeT T¥> Jewelry Department, at the Price Cutter's way of Af* A y T\\7 .f ntn ti Z ht i but !t ddoi t st . lon S-. Here are - some" Jsl r\/x a Tr>-E3 expressly for holiday presents! Even particular^ wolnTn""^^^
% "f H IrJ IIUK £ellin S : fl CArS JJY . Chj!dr en's Hose, the Everlasting Kind, at the Price -ffjf \u25a0JVI A IBC accustomed to having their waists made to order could not M^>
! .£ S UVU LADIES' BROOCHES OR BREAST PINS- g v "*^ <^;^- Cutter's way. of selling. #5 AVA - £^^ JL - 1 haye j them made any better. S^^
f/if I? In cat ' s e >' e « °P al and moonstone; many different styles to choose * . CHILDREN S HOSE— The Pony or Teddy Roosevelt kind; double J? LADIES' WAIST— -Made- of- all-silk French chiffon taffeta- fancy lace- " HvZ^
*• g from; a sample line at a sample price. Price, each ........lOc 7 twisted thread./ Jersey kmt;- sanitary black; medium or heavy weight; al! >-Q trimmed yoke of extra fine Maltese lace insertion; button back- new extra W?S'
I LADIES' HATPINS-Made in a hundred styles to choose from, M '"^HIlSrEN's'- HOSE-Made: of' siik* finish -th^eadr slainU^ 'bla^ ' W m c^^ medin^«-" d ;-ertion: \u25a0 assortment of- colors'to ch^se W/O^
B .in birds, butterflies, conventional and Persian designs; set with bnl- . fa double heels, toes and. knees; perfect fitting kind; all sizes. Price 25c *%$ LADIES' WAlST— "Princess Orsena"; the new lace ruffle tvaisf B^vO
fM Hant stones, such as agate, pearl, ruby and amethyst; some with »> CHILDREN'S HOSE — Made of steam shrunk cashmere, velvet finish: PjJ made of square mesh Valenciennes lace, gathered fulF* " also medallion S^j^/
f/H • filiVce and enanrel. If you are willing to pay 50c, 75c or $i.od you X sanitary-black, Jersey knit; soft as velvet to the" tender feet. Small and trimmed yqke;ithe new half-sleeve;- silk throughout. Cost of makmjr Would W/Cr ?
walk could not get anything richer than these for... ................. Ssc d£ medium size.^oc; large .size;;. .'.'....,...................... .'.... 3Oc K§% be more than we ask. Price......... "-' ' Vf
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, DECEMBER . 17, 1905.
4546
DIVINES AFTER
LIQUOR SELLERS
3linisters of Red Bluff Unite
in a Crusade Against the
• 3len Who Sell, Whisky
WAXT EAELY CLOSDsG
Determined That Trustees
of Town Shall Follow Out
Plans of the Grand Jury
RED BLUFF, Deo. 18.— Th» ministers
of R«d Bluff, -with one exception, have
united in a crueade against the present
regulation ox the liquor traffic and declare
that they •will make a campaign to have
certain re*trictlon» placed upon the sa
loon business In this place. The Grand
Jury in it* report favored a number of
changes In the ordinances regulating the
saloon business in here, and the
ministers are determined that the recom
mendations of that body do not go un
heeded. They will endeavor to secure the
assistance of the members of their re-
Fpective churches to Influence the Town
Trustees to make the regulations suggest
ed by the Grand Jury, which include
midnight and Sunday closing, as well as
a gradual diminishment of the number of
licenses granted.
I.nut W>rk for the Brown Clothlnj?.
Beginning to-morrow the last of the
Brown clothing of New York \u25a0will be
disposed of. $9 85 is the price for
either men's suits, overcoats or craven
ettes. Between to-morrow and Satur
day night 600 men's 6uits and overcoats
will be sold for $9 8a at Herman Les
eer's, 1057 Market St., opp. Jones. •
WINSOME MISS WILL
BECOME BKIDE TO-DAY
Charming Madera Girl to
Wed Young Merchant of
Shanghai, China.
MADERA. Deo. 15.— Mies Minnie Rob
#rts, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. Roberts
of Mad era, and Ralph McCord, a young
buslnees man of Shanghai, China, will
be married at the home of the bride's
parents here to-morrow afternoon. The
Roberts family is one of the oldest and
best known families in this valley. The
bride-to-be is a charming young lady
Trho has a host of friends In this vicinity
and in San Francisco, where she has
spent the summers with her family. She
Is a niece of Mr. Green, the copp«r king
of Cananea. Mexico. McCord is In the
raval supply business in Shanghai, China,
\u25a0where he has been very successful. After
a honeymoon in the south the couple will
leave for Shanghai, where an elegant
borne awaits them.
rAfto* %pm evenings jg °o L^ijn^
V % UNTIL XMAS.U 7 <?S
,-
/ \ WOOLENWAISTS, ?2.f>O, up.
I Waists 1 LACE WAISTS, 95.50, ?G and up.
\ J LINGERIE WAISTS, i? 2.25, .«?2.50 up.
\ " / SILK WAISTS, *«,. 95.50 and up.
/ \ BELTS, silk or leather, 50c. 75c and up.
/ Belfe and \ WASH COLLARS, 25c ; 50c and up.
\ \WlrWPflf / CHIFFON a °d SILK COLLARS, sOc up.
\i\ecnwear / CO llar and cuff sets, 25c and up.
/Hoofer v\ LISLE HOSE ' silk emb., sOc and up..
/ C-\lr \ PLAIN SIL K HOSE, $1.50 and up.
I .^ 1 i / SILK HOSE, hand-emb., $2.25 and up.
\Ve5tS / ITALIAN SILK VESTS, emb.. #3.50.
f >v EIDERDOWN SACQUES, 91 and up.
/ HOU5e \ SIL K SACQUES, 95.00 and up.
(Garments) EIDERD °- WN robes, 94.50. and up . -J
\ J ALBATROSS ROBES, 9»««O and up.
. [^^g^^ ' ' ''• ' ; -
/?liSSeSariQ\ COATS, sizes Ito 6 years, 95 and up.
I C\\'AArr> * I COATS > sizes Bto 14", 97*50 and up.
icniiorensi misses' coats, 9. 12.50 and u P . % .
\ CoatS J VELVET COATS, 9 12.50 and up.
AC ,^\ WOOLEN DRESSES, Bto 14, 95 and up
/niSSeSand\ MISSES' NAVAL SUITS, 912.50 and up
{ Childrens) C X EN ' S WHITE DRESSES ' sOc
\ieW P 2 MC W6 ¥ N^> RESSE^
/ThiiHrpn^V FANGY TRIMMED HATS, 92.50 U p.
/ YVrT ,\ SILK and FELT POKES, 92 and up
I and rIISSeSJ TAM O'SHANTERS, 91.25 and up.
Miillinen/ BABY CAPS> ?1 ' * I#s0 ' 2 and u p-
/ \ . FANCY HAND-PAINTED SILK
(\u25a0 Infants \ RATTLES * COAT HANGERS ' baby
I \\7 » BOOKS, COMBS. BRUSHES, HAND-
"V Wear 7 CROCHETED SACQUES, BOOTIES and
\ : '• / every requisite in wearing apparel.
\u25a0p^C -.' \u25a0\u25a0• — \u25a0 — —
jL- - . \ THE problem of what is best to give
I 1I 1 lCrGtiaildlSC\ mother, grandmother, wife, aunt or cousin
\ ' .OrderS / ' S eas y solve( J by purchasing one of our
\ ;r *s. .. ' •' J xnerchandise orders.
918>922 Market Street *«?£?*
LAND SWINDLERS
IN CALIFORNIA
Convicted Oregonians Miss
ing From Webfoot State
Seen Here and in Oakland
WANTED AS WITNESSES
Conspirators Break Prom
ises to Appear and Tes
tify Against Congressman
PORTLAND. Dec. 16.— The Evening
Telegram to-day will 'say that Horace G.
McKinley and 6. A. D. Puter, convicted
in this city last summer of conspiracy to
defraud the United States Government in
connection with the land frauds In this
State, have been seen in San Francisco
and Oakland. Cal.. within the last ten
days by a reliable business man of thla
city, who recognized them.
McKinley and Puter were released after
their conviction on their promise to ap
pear whenever needed to testify In the
case of the Government against Con
gressman Blnger Hermann, who is under
indictment in connection with the opera
tions of the land fraud ring in this State.
The local sureties for the pair assert
that they were relieved of responsibility
for the appearance of the men by Francis
J. Heney, who was United States Attor
ney during the land fraud trials in Ore
gon, and records in the office of the clerk
of the United States District Court fail
to reveal that new bondsmen were se
cured.
.\>tts In the -\>us Letter.
In tMs week's lseue of the San Francisco
News Letter there is plenty of inside news and
gossip about people and things, crisply and
aptly treated. The Town Crier emits some keen
cries at well-known persons. The Looker On
tells what the various clubs are to do during
Christmas week, reveals some not generally
known Tacts about the late Senator Mitchell,
gives anecdotes of many San Franciscans and
pre*ent6 a varied assortment of gossip.
The latest doings of society are chronicled
with precision, and inside political goings on
are made public. *
Cannot Be Deprived of Hla Vote.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— The Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court handed
down a decision yesterday, holding- that
a man cannot be deprived of his vote
even though some one else has already
voted fraudulently in his name.
It's the most interentlne content you
ever »a*r— The Christmas Tree Content
on paces 48 and 49. $300 In canh and
prises free. •
Entire Family I* Hurried to Death.
RED FALLS, Minn., Dec. 16. — Peter
Martel. his wife and three children
were burned to death in a fire which
destroyed their home here early to
day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1905.
Special Si^ m^ Gif Lsi
The New Annex is full of good Christmas gift suggestions. Thousands of Waists* in lawn, mull, linen, chiffon, lace and all woolen materials are there to li
choose from. Waists arepractica.l gifts. Women appreciate, them, no matter how many they have, j|
Modest prices and in- many. cases greatly reduced prices are in effect. For instance: $ U
§$12.50 and $15 00 Mvll, Chiffon and Linen Waists, $5.00 I
It is a January clearance in December — a deliberate overturning of all tradition — an event of "^ %
great importance to all buyers of gifts. To describe these dainty creations in chiffon and • mull, to . *V«- j2&
picture the richness of the beauties in hand-embroidered linen, to convey to the mind the graceful tllii^w t
lines of design, is an impossible task. There are long sleeves and short, yokes of every character, _^*d(l^^MtWMi\ii^^^ s K %
and not a waist in the lot can be seen outside of this store. They are exclusive, and are new this \u25a0 /Jm i^liiilMiiiii^X. l\ 'i
'year. Not a quantity of them, so come to-morrow, sure. . (^Jr^k'lf^lrll^ IV *
} $5.00 Lawn Waists, $2.95 $6.00 Woolen Waists, $3.95 Mfll7%«fllk I
This ' lot .contains somMhlngoverloo Waists, and Voilt and Challit, in colors and whitt, are the two /^B--S.i^« I] H
is reduced to close out quickly. They are as pretty mos t used materials. These'are not really shirt- (Tl%fes\§Br ff M
|JJ U botniS a S ".."ilSldSi aTr^al^: '' '^ ' I
m \Ve are delighted to have such* Waists go out as They are very suitable for gifts. Every lady in fj
representatives of the Davis Store, especially at such the land can find room m her wardrobe tor one or «? •• V»i w .i.*. 3
a price. more shirtwaists. ;\u25a0 o.e rt tt, E-toHmd ito« Wabto |
One of the Chiffon AVai*t» at *5. — — \u25a0 ]|
$10:00 SilK Waists, $4.95 $7.50 Net Lace Waists, $5.00 ;|
\nothersoecial attraction for Rift-buyers. This is a lot upon which we received an . A clever buy in New York, the fast express, and here they are, ready for you just be- |
allowancf T became : o "late deHvery As usual, you get the benefit. fore Christmas. Net Waists are popular, and these are splendid representatives. \\ c cannot |
They are made of fine; soft iiessaline, Silk in a long list of popular colors; rich braid mention even in a small way the great variety of designs. You must see them for yourselt |
trimmings, fine tucks and fine needlework combine .to make them unusually attractive. ;-.. to fully^ appreciate the proposition. . "|
girls' coats, $sM HANDKERCHIEFS BY THE THOUSANDS tJSS^^S w I
~D^A,t^nA frnm <5"- en nnd on ' ..... - . • . , . iiic L-nnsimas price in sumi. a
'T^t£?}^\nS™Aihi£' The greatest variety of Handkerchiefs we ' . There are -plain Handkerchiefs and fancy stores is $I . 50 . There are all I
lhere are both long ana mree have ever shovvn . \u25a0 p nC es are just, as low y^gk^, ones, with initials 'or without. When we . f v . J . . . -i H
quarter styles in every worthy as - skilled buyers deaiing with; the. foremost y^S^^^v say linen we mean it, and when we say real es lor DOin %i? v • tt 8
material and color. . factories in immense quantities can make Vj lace you can depend on it. 1 hey are. closely knit, nign in tne M
'Pin"c i'c cnroK' a rrnnH p-ift sup-- them: XI t Anipc uAMnvrpruTPV^ neck and button down the tront. M
1 his is surely a good giirsug. c HILDREN ' S HANDKERCHIEFS. M> LADIES HANDKERCHIEFS. su^estibn %
gestion for the daughter if her Pii ;""r" vri^&&i^d'^?Ln^'^ and 1?ir» su oe> esuon. »
age is betweeen 6 and 14 years. # MM initialed. Ea C h..v.... :...... l^C Eiderdown Robes-Ripple eiderdown; |
At $9.75 there are others, in the p^Ljnen^Cblbred borders; six in : ft i|_^» 20C «d '"he."* I
staple materials and mixtures as a box. ...................:•...... v^ w borders, 3 for 50c, or, each....... «-vw ages Ito 14. Special at C-i Qr I
well Thc^e Coats arc reduced Pure -Linen — Initialed; three in a 7Cp Embroidered — Hemstitched, too; OCp ... :|j
from $15 and $2O lines. .b0x .. .: •.•\u25a0••\u25a0y ••••• •••• • ••;••"" rjgJ JT^\ very fine and sheer quality. Each COX, fffifjgg^fc-fc with pink or |
% . Hemstitched and Colored— Three in jj c U • - .U .-..--- p ure Linen— lnitialed; finest kind of J-IJSO blue trimming. A lot bought at a I
FUR SETS, $I.so— For GldS a box •• M^y J'l'-'ttX goods; six in a box 1 bargain. Wifl be offered to- 5f) p | w
S2S 2 . 5 o is the regular V™,^ . W J j \ . §^^^^^^gS motrwr V
we wanted a special to attract at- children's Handkerchiefs. \u25a0 broidep »ork, six in a box i. SHAWLS "A
o e nffloor°. th Th F e U fur fo is g 'A',gor c a; A ,-Great Assortment of Handkerchiefs for Men F ™^ r ?lit^°?X?l™ 1
with a trimming- of lamb. The i t j s easy to buy Handkerchiefs for "him" here. We have the quantity that guarantees a generous assort- fine lace edges and are just as R
muff has a little coin purse, on top ment .Astothc quality, you may be sure that anything you select will be right. Here are two sample values: dainty as can be. Colors are pink, ||
and is finished with a silk cord. p ur - t : nen _pi,j n hems Ached- fuir size; the' kind 1 Pure Linen— Very fine quality in a plain hemstitched blue, cream and black. The regular «
The neckpiece is wide, and of a P ot her stores ask |sc|fog^c|r : price,; J2j|c?|f 25C ' ?ric« !!. $ !f 5.\..5 .\.. 1.?.?.?. 85C 1
Special Values in Special Gilt NecKwear Ladies' Hosiery, Neatly Boxed for Gifts 1
\u25a0 •'-\u25a0•,\u25a0 :..-•:\u25a0::.' rV \u25a0'•-.-.":'-'- '''- .\u25a0'\u25a0',-. \u25a0:-.•/... .' ,, \u25a0.'",-./ -./\u25a0 >: -" ; v^--:"-.- The finest of hosiery offered at our I^^^Xgs&\ :-"': -"' ll
Months ago i'we laid plans ''-'for supplying' you with Holiday usual modest prices. **=77&F^Mtr(\v%&mi
Neckwear, and in the execution of them fairly outdid ourselves. INDESTRUCTIBLE COTTON HOSE rOfP^ifffi YSll\
'\u25a0^^^^^mi We were fortunate in securing at special prices several com- -Fast Mack, guaranteed for wear. One VH*BS f\HL I
- b > of the most popular lines we carry. Sf %gg v
plete sample lines. These we are offering at very greatly reduced A bQx q{ g on , y f^^^^^ iJ^f^^^h
. We have kept in touch with the best producers up to the INDESTRUCTIBLE LISLE HOSE — ||
(^^\u25a0^^^ last moment. Only yesterday a new lot arrived by express. So Fast black gauze and lace lisle. A sQsfp raw^^ I^^
we are thoroughly, prepared to supply you with fine Neckwear for fine Stocking for service as well as VBB I^^ H
t&T gifts. . You'll appreciate it .more 'when you see the stock. looks - A box of 6 costs. . . J^.QO H
Real Irish Crochet Sets, $6.75 to $12.50— Hand-Embroidered Stocks, $1.00 to 53.00. FAST BLACK GAUZE HOSE — All Sj|
The fashionable sets of New York and San New ideas and designs. Rich needle effects the weights ; plain, embroidered, all- lsf £j
Francisco are clamoring for them. Great as- that every woman appreciates. lace and ank]e j siJk Usle alsQ ; X? jtf
sortment here. Real Duchess Stocks, $1.50 to $5.75 — Also . . . 1, r c**%tw tx • fri
Dv Barry Scarfs, $x. 75 . to $8.50 each- A" over-collars and >ets ; - ' Elegant . g^oas . and Any assortment n a box of 6jj qq fIOSICry |
novelty with rare merit and a most accept- supenor-valuesat .every price.. - . •• .....^ ranzinjr from Saw a P
able Christmas gift. The.rich Persian effects Silk Ruches. and Stoles, $1.50 to.si 2. 5 o- SILK HOSE— Pure thread (not spun) Ue hay ' ranging Ir . om a|.
please particularly. •: .. -.- : 'Eyery^price : -means ; a- saying :of nearly, one- silk h in . black and all the colors. P a " up !° |.. X ° °°' a fin * assortment of em- fly
Collar and Cuff Sets, from ||«, W^M A stocking that sells elsewhere for ered Sllk Hose in all colors ™<* I 7I 7
$1.25 and $1.50. Irish Point, Point Venice Lace, and Chiffon Jatots,- $2.00 to $5.00 \u25a0 £ °^ .* n,ir -necial orice #* «^v black ' H
and Point Gaze are the laces. This is one. each— Exquisite , in design^and' most suitable ?i./5 a pair, win .^cuai j« jjq If you want to give something elegant, }{
of the sample lines. for holiday gifts. - : '-/-\u25a0\u25a0 • ....^\u25a0\u25a0.w»v yet serviceable, give Silk Stockings. q
Fine Pcriumcs for Gifts $3.50 Tvrban Hats, $i.so Umbrellas for Gifts I
'„:.' r„v ' , J - iK.^r f *4%S^ A great sale for Monday. Plenty of them-a new, fresh stock, bought in quantities I
Full lines of Hudnut s and many other celebrated lines of ...-^^jp&SP^ Hand-made Hats (mostly turbans) and on conditions that commanded the very lowest prices. I
Perfumes in special ' gift packages are ready for you to t in great variety. Chenille, fancy braid Umbrellas as a whole have been improved since List £
rhnnzo frnnl ' ?£&?&S&$I!b,- 1 1 t v -i „•\u25a0•, , >' car - The trames are stronger, and yet just as light. Handles fc
choose from. v shapes, with well-selected are stronger and more secure, though just as artistic. It's g
Sachets; ' 2sc— All odors of Sachet Powders in bottles., jOlW^'^W^ feather trimmings, carefully chosen a Rood time to make an umbrella purchase at the Davis |
You need them now to\ scent the fancy work. .' V^^dg^^ colors . and perfect finishings are ° r^ f . fth :„\u2666„-..*;„„ :\u2666-«,.. I
.- . » , . -\u0084-.. . . \u25a0\u25a0 - * /•\u25a0 \u25a0' TrßsaKfV •'•.--"»•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--•"• , < • »t". r . a igw w me in ie res ting licms. ji
;, .: \u25a0; , \u25a0.-.- - ; ; \u25a0—. . \u25a0 •-. . , . >^ '.'-^^r&r-" features of note. About 200 of them T *j» »tt l_ "f
A Mt V J 1\ *xC \u25a0 V ; _^ 1 , -not a one worth" less 'than $.i..=?o- LadlCS UmbrCllaS I
UUllleCl UreSSlllfi OaCCJUCS .. - "^^:- tc -sold . to-morrow Ci Cf) C 1 AH The cloth is a fine mercerized cotton, and ' they I
-.\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u0084\u25a0\u25a0 V - ;. .: : -V : \u25a0 at ;.. •?*•*>" »pI.UV have the New Era runner. Handles are horn and I
Ladies' Quilted Silk Dressing Sacques— ln blue, pink, car : ../ -- ; - .-:..-\u25a0 . _ vi; natural wood. i|
dinal and. lavender. They. are made with the turn-over col- GlFlS^ BCEIVCF SllciPCS, 52.95 CA Covered with fine tape-edge Carolla. Handles are |
lars and'beir sleeves, are silk lined / and have frog fasten- p^22TiSS j} o^: Tor : i:i, tc +u a i^La +I^7 <r«11 : iV™ H»***' X ' horn and pearl. This is a particularly good urn- I
. » , ' ,• Zt-. _.«. KegUlar r>eaver hlatS — the Kind that Sell reeil- . brella nrohahlv th<» best- value we offer \u2666
ers down front. $7.50 values are to go this ffC Cf\ . . , r 6o \u25a0• , , \u25a0 v & •_ Drena, proDaDly tne Dest vame we oner. g
• week at . $?• larl - v for The colors are red, garnet, brown, «T O fif) These are covered with tape-edge Union Taffeta or |
•••••••••\u25a0•\u25a0••••••\u25a0••••••• • black and '\u25a0\u25a0 mode. The beaver is rich, full and soft. $Lf\J\J Waterproofed Silk Carolla. Princess, natural wood E
HrP^^ind KnCtiUO* ' This is a great bargain. handles are used. v ; ._,. |
urcssmg Jacques r . \, n W% « C nn Men's Umbrellas %
India Silk' Dressing Sacques^Made with large sailor collar. bIFfS ->HCaVer llatS, JXUU ff| PA Good, substantial-made for service. They are iL
• Dainty' lace in- point effects^ is used profusely on the The prettiest lot of " beaver hats we have ever k P*«^" covered* with tape-edge Carolla, have cases and a rj.V
sleeves, collar and^around. the bottom. Satin ribbon is s hqwn. If you would like to give the daughter a hat ROod assort ment of practical handles. • HHr« r
.also run through with fine effect. Colors are $fi<cn |for|ClAiltmas here's a chance: The colors are fine, $2 00 TheSC -"I TafFeta . co f re d ;. and the , h f "ft- aSSOrt " 1
. light blue, pink and white. The special price.. $V.DV ;:the shapes new. They came from the trimmers' hands Tho^^rom.'" 0^ most fastidious to |
And there are many others— the assortment offered makes only yesterday. This sort of, a hat sells for $6.50 pCA Rainproofed Taffeta, the close-roll frame. The fine B
choosing very easy. /regularly; ' ; /,' \ . natural handles are features at this price. ' a .
Open Evenings Now I O ff) Pn PERMN GLOVE BONDS I
\u25a0 O2J tJi** MS*/* mL/UUIO \X> Vt/» .?•;:\u25a0\u25a0: Are good to seven cities. \
'V^i^^^,7^^§^^'l§M^^^^m^(W^iM^U. I Ask about them. |
LONDON AROUSED
AT CAR SERVICE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. : 16.— "Yerkes* strap
hangers," •as the discontented : travelers
on the Americanized Underground Rail-,
way have • been nicknamed, ': certainly
mean business. They have; registered
their objection"; to ' overcrowd"ing in the
cars, as. all the world, knows; but just
how they are going. to make' it-count has,
up to this time, been • a matter of con
jecture. ; . '
. However, in "the \u25a0 course" of .an inter
view which .; obtained - to-day * with the
representative of one of ; the. largest
"straphanger associations" in London,
the steps which the public intends to take
in '- the matter. ; were made quite clear.
F. W. Galton, secretary of the "London
Reform Union, .which : has taken jup the
fight in the interests of travelers, when
asked' what; they were going to do about
it, said: , " \u25a0:
.. "There have alreauy been- organized In
London "• no ,.'. less than § three jj societies lof
'strapnangers,* whose sole purpose' is to
make tne railway: management stop over
crowding. Two ; firms ;of - lawyers . have
taken up the cudgels'on beha« of a' num
ber of grieved 'straphangers,' r while >the
Society of Travelers ; and" our > association;
the London Reform , Union; are. out gun
ning for , the railways with similar, objects.
"Hundreds of letters have ; been
to \utf ,, denouncing \ the*' use of /American
crushing -on" the.^underground • railways.
We | have | formally \ drawn : up these; let
ters and presented "them \ to" the ' Board of
Trade,; which Has control of ; all fpassenger
traffic In England, 1 and that ibody^has 'sent
a petition *;to the < railway /companies, Vde-
manding an abatement of the nuisance."
"What time do you consider traffic to
be most congested ?'' was asked.
APPEAL TO TRADE BOARD.
"The; most 'overcrowded', moment, in
London,"- said Galton, "has been offi
cially ascertained to f be 7:15 p. m. It
seems" at this time the whole town is
on the move and the railway companies
point, out that, if everybody Insists on
going 5 home at one moment,
there fmust * be; overcrowding In the na
ture; of things. .While we admit -this, we
demand . more \u25a0 cars; ' and the chances 'are
; we :.;wlll'i get them' or. know the . reason
iWhy. V . ,; District '; railway , officials ' have
promised *to ] do better for the public,, but
we- do not .believe j railway . promises, and
arej getting/ ready /our legal machinery."
; "But. suppose the appeal by the ; Board
of ' Trade be ignored?;' was .suggested:
"what then?"
,"< "If;' the appeal to-.: the ''Board o^ Trade
does^ not; result . in . an I ' immediate better
ment : i of ;; the - : service, ' so ;: that \ every/ one,
or nearly every one, \u25a0\u25a0 will have i- : a seat,! a
number of 'rest cases' will be brought in
the special court for hearing, these cases,
known as the Court of Railway and Canal
Commissions, presided over by Lord Cob
ham: and: Sir Frederick Peel, each draw
ing $10,000 a year, and a special Judge,
with a salary of $25,000 per annum. The
peculiarity of this court is that even if
the passenger wins he must pay his own
costs, which , often run into some thou
sands, of dollars. It Is for the very pur
pose ;of 'enabling • aggrieved travelers to
meet these" costs that organized associa
tions have entered the contest. .
CAnY XOT SATISFACTORY.
."Funds ,wlll be raised to fight for the
unseated -public; which Intends to" sit
down if it costs them JIOOO a seat.
If the railway company by any technical
ity .wins Its * case, then the \u25a0 representa
tives of. the straphangers may bring in a
bill to' Parliament and ,a..big agitation,
with : the appointment of a, possible royal
commission, :will . keep : the matter before
the public, and some thing, will have to
nappen. • .
"One" thine is very evident," continued
the Secretary. "London 'straphangers' do
not intend to sit quietly, or, rather,
stand, and let the railway companies
crowd them as they please, as is done in
America. If the Brooklyn bridge cni3h
took place in London' the public would
simply not stand for it.'*
"As a matter of fact, there has been so
much furor created over the methods
brought Into play s*lnce the introduction
of ths American system, as operated on*
the new electric underground railway
that many serious doubts have arisen as
to the utility of American cars on this
service.^ Roughly speaking, not less than
2.000,000 people pour Into and out of Lon
don at the rush hours, from « to 3 a. m.
and from 5 to 7:30 p. m.. and 'many 'per-'t
sons are asking the question whether or4
not the English car is not more suitable^*
than the American for rapidity in eet '
ting into and out of trains. English cars
open by many doors on; each side, and
one set of persons can be g%tUn S out and
getting, In. *Pages 47 to 56
BEARCATCHER, THE BROWN WHIRLWIND, ROMPS
HOME AN EASY WINNER OVER HAUGHTY CRUZADOS
PRIDE OF SANTA ANITA IS THE FAVORITE IN BETTING RING
Charlatan Captures
the Pacific-Union
Handicap.
Confederate Meets
With a Mishap
at oiarL.
j Proper Outruns a
I .:' Clever Bunch of
Sprinters.
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
Mighty Eearcatcher, the brown
Whirlwind from Garnet Ferguson's
Stable, compelled "Lucky" Baldwin's
pride of Santa Ana. the slashing Cruz
ados, to strike his colors in the five
and a half furlong special for a $1500
purse, run at Ingleslde yesterday, be
fore a large and a demonstrative half
holiday gathering.
The pair of brand sprinters met at
«iual weights over a muddy track. The
weather was mild and balmy, and both
"Lucky" Baldwin, who was present to
see his pet perform, and Owner Fer
guson said they had no apologies to
make for their horses. Each had shown
that he could travel fast in juicy going,
but the bookmakers thought the ad
vantage to lie with the Baldwin horse.
. PtBLIC UKES BEARCATCHER. "
They forthwith installed Cruzados
the favorite at 7 to 10 and laid C to
E .against the brown fellow. The ex
clusive set of educated players un-
Joadea on Crurados, while the general
'-public strung theirs with Garnet Fer
.gßPon. Mcßride rode Bearcatcher and
Frank Prior had the mount on the fa
vorite, carrying a whip. Xeither whip
noi: steels were used on Bearcatcher
- and the green bandages worn .on !<is
forelegs set him off to splendid advan
iasre, M-cßride refused to accept the I
fjrsi break as The horses walked up to j
,tj*e": barrier, claiming afterward that :
\u25a0Cruzados would have had too much the
best 'of it. After a considerable delay
Jake Holtman sent them away noses
apart. Down the back stretch thfc fa
vorite fairly flew, leading Bearcatcher
by nearly three lengths. This did not
appear to worry Mcßrid*. for not un
til the stretch bend was rounded did
he sit down to ride.
FEUGUSOX HORSE DRAWS UP.
Gradually closing the intervening
gap of daylight. Bearcatoher had the
favorite straightc-nd out at the pad
dock, and then won in romping fashion
by more than two lengths in 1:07, re
markably good time. The' winner re
ceived an ovation on returning to the
?cales and his young owner was con
| cratulatcd on all sides.
i Favorites held their own during the
afternoon by capturing three events.
The books did an immense business and
mast have had the best of the strug-
The gam" little brown colt Charlatan,
piloted by Treubcl and .second choice in
the ring, took the rich Pacific-Union
handicap, the first mile two-year-old
number of the season, for Walter Gunn
& Co. Confederate, the entry of Jen- ;
rings & Co., with "Big Bill" Knapp up,
enjoyed first cal4 in the betting and
twas also allotted to carry top weight,
115 bounds, as well.
FIRST CHOICE IS BUMPED.
Unfortunately the first choice met with
interference as the barrier was released
and though he ran with undoubted
jrameness, could not overcome the ground
i lot U When Sir Edward retired from.
the lead, Charlatan and Barney Schreib
cr's Nealon fought it out, the former
crossing the line a length and a half to
the good. Tenordale, a3O to 1 shot, finish
ed third.
Boots Darnell's Orchan Just galloped
this- company to a standstill in the first
event, a mile and three-sixteenths sell-
Ing run. A 3 to 2 favorite, the track
looked made to order for him. The brown
gelding led the long shot Bor.ar past the
Judges, under double wraps. Isabellita
ran third, displaying no especial fondness
for the track.
'•Sk "j'i red-hot paddock tip went through
Win the five-furlong selling scramble.
™ Bell Reed made his first start of the
season and the bush contingent forced
his odds down from 10 to 6%.
PHILLIPS PILOTS AVLVXER.
He "was ridden by Patsy Phillips and, i
securing the right of way early, came
through an easy winner. without
whistling at any stations or crossroads.
David Boland, piloted after a fashion :
by, Wright, succeeded in outfinishlnfr
Soundly a head for place honors. Ma
sedo, the favorite, with Knapp up,
could not untrack himself in the slop.
IPickaway got becalmed.
Seldom does a horse fall into a softer
spot than did Captain Rice's Rightful
in the Grinstead Handicap, with a val
uation of $1000. The son of Pirate of
Penzance picked up 10S pounds and
Leroy Williams, the colored rider. The
books laid as good as 7 to 5 about the
Rice entry and he led from start to
finish.
Trailing in his wake, three lengths
away at the finish. Bannock Belle, a
S2-pounder, downed Hooligan more
than half a dozen lengths for the place.
Bombardier sulked after a brief ex
hibition of speed.
Walter Jennings finally broke his
long spell of 111 luck by annexing the
final purse with. Proper. Seven to 10
looked a . liberal price and this
•was obtainable because of the
- Qistance — six furlongs. It proved
a cakewalk for the big horse. Taken
through on the rail by Knapp as
Andrew B. Cook bore out on the stretch
turn, the favorite galloped In first. Bar-
JB^ Schreiber's black colt Plnkerton
• SfaVf-d Cook for the place the last few
Itrides.
IVOTES OF THE TRACK.
Twenty-five books cut in.
Jere Driscoll chalked up prices in
the ring under the name of Joe Regan.
After the special "Boots" Durnell re--
FIELD TRIALS
ARE PROMISING
Great Sport Expected When
Pointers and ' Setters Meet
in Contest at Bakersfield
The forthcoming twenty-third annual
trials of the Pacific Coast Field Trials
Club at Bakersfield. commencing on Jan
uary S, promise great sport. The various
stakes have filled well and the quail are
reported numerous.
Some changes have been made in the
rules governing the Members' Stake,
which are expected to add much to the
success of the meeting. The Members'
Stake willgfio run the first day and no
dog will be eligible which has been placed
in any trials other than in the Members'
Stake of the club. No dog will be al
lowed to compete which will be a starter
In any open* stake of the pending meeting.
These new conditions are expected to
limit the competition to the dogs the
members use in their private shooting,
which is the purpose of tne stake. It is
considered desirable to run it on the first
day, when the members will be keen for
sport afield. The events' will bo run in
the following order: Members' Stake,
Derby Stake. All Age Stake and Cham
pionship Stake.
W. J. Baughn of Ridgeville. Ind., who
will judge the sport, is a veteran field
trials official. He declined a number of
invitations to act in the saddle this year,
but he could not resist the Invitation bid
ding him come to California. On the night
before the trials open two gentlemen will
be chosen to ' assist Judge Baughn.
Babcock, Lucas, Coutts, Dodge, Dormer
and other handlers are on the ground
with big strings of setters and pointers.
Conditions for training are reported . fa
vorabic. Quail are more numerous than
for many years. The grounds over which
the trials will be run have been carefully
patrolled for some months and the birds
are not disturbed.
The prize cups and trophies are unusual
ly artistic and valuable this year. This
hardly interests the thorough sportsmen
whose dogs may be competing, as such
material things as prizes are apparently
never thought of and certainly they aTe
never discussed.
Concert in the Park.
The following programme will be
given in Golden Gate Park to-day:
•'Star-Spangled Banner," etc.; march,
"California Commandery." Alfred A.
Batkin; overture. "Peter Schmoll,"
Weber; waltz, "Dream on the Ocean,"
Gungl; solo for saxophone, selected
<J. L. Mundwyler);; grand fantasia,
"Nabucco," Verdi; overture, "Mignp'n,"
Thomas; serenade for flute and horn,
Titl; gems from Offenbach's operas,
Meyrelles; "A Cavalry Charge," Luders;
Priest's war march from "Athalie,"
Mendelssohn.
marked that Bearcatcher could gallop
faster than Handzarra could run.
Tommy Griffin, one of the most wide
ly known owners in the business, mixed
with the paddock crowd yesterday.
Lloyd Fountain was kept out of the
saddle owing to illness.
Tommy Clark, the rider of Nealon,
lodged a claim of foul against Treubel.
The judges did not think a palpable
foul had been committed and It was
not allowed.
"Boots" Durnell will ship his horses
down to Los Angeles this evening, after
winning two purses.
Deformed feet fitted comfortably. Fine
footwear a specialty. John G. Neu
bauer, Shoemaker, 1161 Mission st, •
SAN FRANCISCO/ SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1905.
I SPRINTERS WHICH MEI " AI 'INGLE SIDE 'YESTERDAY, BEARCATCHER WIjYjYIjYG
RAIN WELCOMED
BY SPORTSMEN
Heavy Downpour Is Expected
to Materially Improve the
Duck Sh opting Conditions
The duck shooters are hoping the rain
is the forerunner of . a general storm, as
it Is expected this, followed by a spell of
warm 1 weather, will make the shooting of
the highest , class. The ducks are within
the boundaries of the State in great num
bers, and with favorable conditions the
sportsmen will have royal times on the
marshes. \ • , \u25a0 \u25a0
The ducks at present are in the lakes
and other big bodies of water, as there is
no young grass near the ponds, owing to
the recent frosts. .Therefore great num
bers of teal at Los Ban 6s." "At. Volta the
sprig are numerous, -. the; birds being pro
nounced as big and as fat as canvasbacks.
The mallard seem to \u25a0 have settled down
near ; Butter City and r Yuba City, where
they, are found in "great 1 ; numbers.
The gunmen who shoot on the San An
tone slough on Sunday mornings have had
poor sport. ;•; It is , reported : a ".veritable
stream of "cans" a mile in) length floated
Into , the slough l after, the ' gunmen ; had re
turned -to the city last] Sunday. _ V
James P. Sweeney," president of the Em
pire Gun Club, ; found % the ; . canvasbacks
working to '\u25a0_ his = liking (on "•; the , Monterey
County, preserve' last , Sunday and bagged
the limit of these fine birds, rotting fifty.
Phil Bekeart of the Family Gun Club
had an enjoyaL.e shoot on the clubs-pres
erve Wednesday morning. In "less than
two hours he kiflcd twenty-flve. Of
these twenty were teal. \u25a0
Lew Ohleyer and friends seem to have
some magic ponds on their Alvarado pre
serve., While- the owners of adjoining
preserves draw blanks they. \ have been
getting limit bags. These have been the
prevailing conditions for three weeks.
Clarence and Howard Nauman • had a
successful day after quail last *. Sunuay
near Watsonvllle. The : joint } bag "was
four 'dozen oirds. Mr.-. Nauman -lost? his
valuable lemon and white English setter,
which he \u25a0 prized highly. The setter was
given Into .the' custody of; the., trainman
who lost her. in 'some inexplicable manner.
J. H.Huir of; Colorado Springs,, one of
the best trapshots in the Middle West, is
in this; city." He.w ill make his home here
and will prove a decided acquisition •. to
the ranks of I the bluerock men.
Examination* for Inapector.
The Uni,ted. States Civil Service Com
mission :'i announces an \u25a0\u25a0'. examination
throughout" the country on January 3
4, 1906, to. secure eligibles from which
to , make certification to ,^flll a vacancy
in the "position of assistant -inspector
of boilers; of , steam vessels,, $1800 per
annum, steamboat j- inspection' .service,
New Orleans.' , La.', and vacancies >*• as
they may occur in • the ; ; positions -of
local and assistant inspector of boilers
in that service throughout; the ; United
States; \u25a0: . ; : \u25a0'•. V \u25a0l' ;: ' \u25a0" \u25a0>" ' ?~\ '\u25a0"-
The ' age ; limit : is 25 to 65 * years on
the " date off the ' examination, i / ;,
This -examination is open 1 to 'all; citi
zens of: the iUnited , States who ; comply
with' the. reauirements. 1 ,. "
, v Applicants; should at once; apply Ito
the United ' States ;Clvil 3 Service : Com
mission. '.-'. Washington, D; C.|' for. appli
cation vform;,loB7 and ; form '14O5.f,';in
f ormatlon -corcerning ; examination's - for
entrance to -the steamboat ~ inspection
«ervice, M \u25a0 ' "'" ' '. ' "\u25a0 •
COURSING DATES
ARE ALLOTTED
American Waterloo and Mis
sissippi Valley Futurity
Go to South Dakota
The officials. of . the American coursing
board' have looked a long way ahead and
have already allotted next '\u25a0 year's Amer-*
lean Waterloo and also "the Mississippi
Valley; Futurity. •
These two. important; events will be run
at Hot Springs.' South' Dakota, a sum
mer resort ; in ; the Black' Hills. ,. The .club
at that $ place bid . $1000 :; for each event.
The Futurity j has j been . growing in popu
larity; from • year to year. There was
record entry; of 144 this year .when D. X,
Carter, ' formerly } of \u25a0 Kansas but who Is
claimed as a^Caltfornlan by his friends
here,' had . the : last three dogs in -. the
stake. .These ,-!'; were i » Great Nortnern,
Bartagus \u25a0 and- -The : | Flight. ? These' three
won : JSOO, the first f prize being $450. .
. The Christmas number : of the Outdoor
News v has ' a = profusely," illustrated | article
on "The ".Greyhounds^ Proud. Place ; ln
English Sport.'* \ The opening paragraph
cays:-,:.:";- -,:-- ; . : - '\u25a0->'\u25a0'. W:' : -"r\u0094 !•-'>**.'\u25a0 •* '\u25a0'/•
"Coursing in England is so ancient and
honorable a ' sport that - its ? traditions * fill
books,. and its present high place in popu
larity * is * impressively 'demonstrated by
the vast ! interest shown in the running of
the \ Cup Jarid'f other) prominent
fixtures * of , the f season. : ' At winner ' of i this
Pages 47 to 56
TENNIS EXPERTS
IN TEST MATCH
California Club Invites the
Best Eleven Players to
Compete on 'Its Courts
VICTOR WILL BE STAR
Park Contingent Picks Foley
as tjie Man Likely to
Be the Ultimate Winner
A number of tennis tournaments will
be played on the courts In the next three
weeks. The one that is attracting the
most attention is the invitation scratch
singles event scheduled for the Califor
nia Club on the 31st inst. The tourna
ment will be commenced on that date, but
as it is to be a round robin with eleven
contestants itwilltake four or five days
of actual ! play to complete.
The tournament committee has decided
to invite the following players to partici
pate: George Jones, Fred Adams, Charles
Foley, Percy Murdock, Melville Long,
Herbert Schmidt, Harry Rolfe, Clarence
Griffin, George Baker. Herbert Long and
George Busch. These players are un
questionably the best in the game at the
present time and the affair will settle
beyond a doubt which player of the
eleven is -the beat for 1905. Janes, as
coast champion, is entitled to first place
and will receive such ranking in the
guide. Whether Janes is the best player
in the city is a question that only an
event of this kind can settle.
Janes has been beaten three times since
he won the championship, and few look
upon him as the most skillful player in
the city. The champion will have an op
portunity to prove what the title implies,
and he will try his'hardest to retrieve his
lost laurels. Janes has nothing to lose
and everything to win, which is rather a
unique position for a coast champion.
The park contingent to a man picks
Foley to win the coming event. The pub
lic court champion unquestionably has as
good a chance to win as any othec en
trant, but he will have no easy time do
ing so. Percy Murdock. the Alameda
crack, who has had. a disastrous year,
looks to be Foley's most formidable rival.
"When they - met last Foley won quite
handily.
Aside from the two players just men
tioned Griffin, M. Long, Janes and Adama
appear to have ; the best chance .to win.
Griffin is a clever youngster, with an
abundance of grit and self-confidence,
arid- it would not be much of a surprise
If he carried off the honors. Young Long
has done, all .that has been asked of him
in the last two months, and that handily.
His' easy victory over :the coast cham
pion • two weeks ago I entitles \u25a0 him to con
sideration. ; ,
i Janes rand Adams, /respectively coast
and .State champions, earlier In the year
looked 'to be the ; best \u25a0 players in this
'blue ribbon* of the, coursing world is
worth, "if not his weight in gold, at least
very near It,: when' more than $5000 has
been paid for a champion, and when his
stake,^winnings; have more - than once
passed the $5000 mark during: his coursing
career." '
• This - article - should . prove ; Interesting
reading to the coursing officials on this
coast 'who 'are "charged with- keeping the
'sport '» honorable i and on a high plane.
Some . day they will realize that running
it 1 year,, in, . year \u25a0 out, without giving its
followers jar breathing spell, 13 not th^
wteest \u25a0. policy.
MANY EVENTS
FOR GOLFERS
Schedule of Women's Annex
Includes Three Competi
tions for Council's Cup
FORTY DATS OF PLAY
3len to Compete in Handi
cap Contests on Christmas
and First of New. Year
Although no announcements have
been made as yet. it is probabla that
handicap golf tournaments will be held
on the courses of the San Francisco
Golf and Country Club, the Claremont
Country Club and the San Rafael Golf
Club on Christmas * day. As members
desire to get away from the clubhouse
in good time for their Christmas din
ners, these events are usually over
eighteen holes, with prizes for best
gross and net scores.
No more regular tournaments are
scheduled for the women's annex of
the San Francisco Golf and Country
Club during the present year, but
Thursday, the 21st inst., and Thursday,
the 28th inst., will be club days, on
which foursomes or team matches will
be held. It is likely, however, that
the 21st will be too near Christmas for
many ladies to go out to the links.
For the first four months of next
year many events are scheduled for
the women. There will be three com
petitions for the Council's Cup for
women, each of which contests occu
pies three or four days. The nrst be
gins on Tuesday, January 2. and ends
on the sth of the month, Th« second
competition is set down to* begin on
Tuesday. February 27, and end on Fri
day. March 2. The third is arranged
to begin on Tuesday, April 10, and be
completed en Friday, April 13. There
will be two more competitions for the
Chesebrough cup, the first- beginning on
Tuesday, January 30. and ending on
Friday, February 2, and the second
opening on Tuesday. March 27. and
closing on Friday. . March 30. Thesa
five competitions provide twenty days
of play If the qualifying- rounds, medal
score, are held, or, if these, accordins
to the custom of the ladies, are drop
ped, there will be fifteen days of play.'
The schedule further provides for con
tests in driving, approaching and put
ting, two handicaps over eighteen
holes, medal play, and an eighteen
hole handicap play against bogey.
Kvery Thursday on which no regular
tournaments are being held is a club
day. In addition to all these events,
the first annual tournament of the Cal
ifornia Women Golfers' Association will
be- held in the fourth week of Janu
ary, from the 22d to the 27th inclu
sive.
The second eighteen holes of the.
36-hole home and home match between
teams representing the Burlingame
Country Club and the Menlo Golf and
Country Club were to have been played
on the Fair Oaks course on Sunday,
the 3d inst.. but were postponed on ac
count of the funeral of Mrs. Francist
Burton Harrison at San Mateo on that
day. The second half of the contest
will be held on some convenient day
early in the new year.
Most golfers are worried by a stymie,
especially if It occurs near the hole, aa
they find it hard to get enough loft to
clear the other ball and yet stop th«
run of the ball as soon as necessary,
so as to let It fall into the cup. An
English player shows how a ball may
be lofted sufficiently Into the hole over
an intervening- ball. Where the player
does not want a long run. or desires
a sudden rise of the ball, the idea is tr>
force the club between the ball and tho
green, scarcely lifting the club from
the ground and almost brushing It as it
is taken back In a perfectly straight
line from the hole. Neither before nor
after hitting the ball is the club at any
appreciable distance .from the ground.
The secret of the stroke is that th*re
must be no endeavor either to hit the
ball or to take turf. The stroke is
played by trying to separate them
sharply by hitting In between them,
and the club must be kept as close as
possible to the ground from the be
ginning to the end of the stroke.
Surrender* Himself In London.
Chief Dinan was notified yesterday
by Governor Pardee that he had re
ceived a dispatch from "Washington in
forming him that Oliver Sands had sur
rendered himself to the police In Lon
don. England, saying that he was
wanted here on a charge of assault to
murder. The police will not be at the
expense of bringing him back. Sands
Is an analytical chemist In Manchester.
England, and while here on a tour, on
February 10 he fired two shots at Max
Dunow, bartender in a saloon at 15
Third street, neither bullet taking: ef
fect. He was arrested by Policemen
Boyle and Mengola and the following:
day put up $1000 cash ball for his re
lease. He forfeited hl3 bail and disap
peared. .
part of the State. Since the San Rafa«l
tournaments they have gone back con
siderably and unless they show marked -
Improvement can hardly hope to carry
off the honors.
- Rolf a and "Schmidt are playing better
tennis than ever before and have a good
chance against r any of the players en
tered. Schmidt at times plays a remark
able game, but Is not to be depended
upon. Rolfe is more aggressive than for
merly and will prove a hard man to beat.
H- Long has not been displaying th©
form he did a year ago. but at times
plays high-class tennis. *
Baker also has gone back and does not
play near .- the game he used to. Busch
is rather an erratic player, whose pecu
liar style will make trouble for his op- ,
In PrliM and Ca«h
KHEK.
See tbe Christmas Fre« Contest vm
licet 49 aad 49, ... . - •\u25a048
uUU and Cash
RULES OF CONTEST
On the Christmas tree are presented eereral
name* of responsible San Francisco business
nmi located on the different package*. No
two flrmis in the same line of business. On
the opposite page will be touad a correspond
ing number of firms, giving in detail their ad
vertlcement. but wlthoufc wane or address.
Each advertisement la numDwrf, T<n L*«l»
afked to make out a list of the firms «J B0 "
names appear oa the Christmas trw, «£"}«
their name. iwfineßS. wfl th»NUM
BER 6F THEIR ADVERTISEMENT ON
PAGE 49. If you are successful In '°c*<r
«lseo CaM trtU award yoa with a cash prlt*.
•ceorainf to the mertt of your answer. AJI
rS2 nu^TbTeent by njarf Tb« prtxe. -srtU
be awarded according^tothf JgAT>MS AND
GENgJtAt* ATTRACTIVBNK6B OF THE
"llw the prt~« wlUb» »»~*s« .%_ **>*
person eendln* in a cojnplete co I !^,,"* l '.^
ih* neateet and meet attractlTe manner. 525
win be given, or. If no correct list Is *"*"•
then the prize money goes to the person having
the largest number of correct an""*"*™- . .
In a like manner a second prtie of 110 will
t*> glY*n; to th« third. $5. anfl the next tea. $1
**In this contest you win observe that the
prlee money does not go to the " fl ™t f^"
received but will be given for the NEATEST
AND MOST ATTRACTIVE LISTS. A* the
contest does not close until Thursday. Decem
ber 21. letter* mailed as late as -Wednesday
night will be «aly considered, but it Is advised
5 ref yoar answer in ob early as possible.
This suggestion also applle* to persons an
swering individual advertisers for their prize*.
Many cf the firms represented are also oJler
li-jt prizes for Individual answers MAULED DI
RECT TO THEM, advising them WHAT
vi'MBER their package was on the tree. For
example : In writing to Soroels Shoe Parlor.
t>exka*e No. 1. Write name, business, address
end m general language state that their pack
are tras No. 1. Same way to all other adver
tisers whose prleee you wish to compete for.
The packages are numbered from one up
ward. In sending in your reply to The CaH,
make out a list, numbered as the packages aro
r.cir.bered. also giving name, business, business
•ddros*. and NUMBER Or THEIR ADVER
TISEMENT ON" PAGE 49, as. Tor Instance:
Ntse of Firm.
No. L
Ka. X.
Buclnees Adreae.
Ko. X.
VvmtMT of AdnsAißement on Page 40.
N«. X.
And ft* pa ustll tfce lart numb-r. Thofe roa
\u25a0ettnci temr, leave blank.
in taawerlag- Individual advertisers for their
Continued in Upper
Right Hand Corner.
THA CALL'S CHRISTAMS TREE CONTEST
\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0•..\u25a0. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , SUNDAY,' DECEMBER 17, 1905.
$Q'fl fl Prizes
uUU and Cash
RULES QF CONTEST
CONTINUED.
prtMs. the rame mlea apply as la t5» gcsieral
contest. The prises will b. awarded for tha
neatest and moat attractrre lUt*.
KTJLES OP THS CONTX3T.
1. Employes of The 8«a rranctseo Can or
their relatlTes are not eligible to eatsr this
contest.
£ la maids* Urt ot sonwsrs wrtto «m «»•
ni» of the payer only.
3, AH annrtTß to The Baa srrvjrfse© C*XL te
this contest most be seat by maO.
4. No answer accepted whan scat Tv sss<lil
mesaengtr.
6. Be s\ire to keep a dspOcate c; tia Jtit of
axrfrera In order that you may cocip*r- ft with
th« ant-vret«, which wOl fee pubiiitui next
Sand&y, Eecemb«r 2*.
r ,
No reply will be received later thsta Tiars-
Cxf ncea, D«c«iaber 21.
All aavwers most tie addressed to
jAinis i. irmJtr. ) •;
"Christmas T»e" lCascager,
Ban Frandaeo Call, Ctaa TivaeUca. Cai
The Names of All
Prize Winners will be
published in The Call
Sunday, December 24,
The Contist Closes
Thursday Noon^ De
cember 21.#10f1 In Prizes ' THF^PAi^ $1(1(1 InPrizes
y \u25a0 " g ' '''.''. \u25a0 : . 11 ... -.- \u25a0. ....-.\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0- -.- -.-. '-- -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. -\u25a0 -\u25a0 16
A Prize From Every Department iNOPTiCALW/opK The Best New Year's Resolution There \s One Packaire on
To the five m-rsona . pnA i nr * n „- Tn th« neatest and most at- We say. it modestly— we are the foremost firm m San I< ran- You can make and stick to is to eat at -Tait's Cafe. - -,_, °
I tractive'maSne/theTorrectn^^ cisco. We take special care in the grinding of lenses, for vye If per iect appointments, congenial environment, unexcelled the Tfee
offer the following- prizes In the order named: v . do all our own grinding. If you asked our opinion, we wouia service and finest cuisine pleases you when dining,
line^ne^tauo^^ S^K without hesitation recommend the ; «Tori«^/•"\u25a0-^.jf^Jf :,, WE BID-' YOU WELCOME. . - That contains an exceptionally appropriate present for Christ-
eraved name plate and 100 cards, a gold-mounted Marshall Foun- on the eye, gives a muchjarger held ot vision, ana, aDOvc an, • The largest dining-room in the world, the handsomest din- mas. It's the finishing touch to an otherwise perfect toilet—
W o^t^^^n^i n iS^^^ stock we will does »<* touch -the e^- h . ™°^ lor * ' * air ° f Sorosis shoes. We will present it with
| give a lady's or gentleman's card case. Christmas Reunion, • on. Christmas Day -will be our special dinner, $1.50 with wine. our comoliments of the season to the lady sendine U'-'th- fi
j From our Artist Material Department, wherein we carry a When all the members of the family are present, Is . incom- Tables reserved: Tel. Main 3201. \u25a0• , . \u25a0 our compliments ot tne season to tne lady sending v* the B
1 !fse B€ we n win om P lete " n t of a ! ! ce ° O tfl S t. fOr ArUStS Archltects plete without a photo or kodak picture. It may bring back To the person sending us the number of our package on number of our package on the Tree m the neatest and most g
i 'From our commodious Framing and Picture Department. many tender memories in the years to come. We are head- the Tree'in the neatest and. most artistic manner we will ore- original manner. fij
• where we exhibit an endless variety of pictures, beautiful to look quarters on photographic goods of every description, and noth- sent an order for Christmas Evening Dinner for four plates. „ Qur advanced styles for winter show the latest exclusive de- B
UPO From o o*u e r r pho a t^^^ album \u25a0 ing makes a more acceptable gift than a kodak or -camera, j ?£§s!£%&& ° Ur many fiends ' and . patrons a - MERRY signs in Sorosis Shoes md Qxfords. It is a pleasure for us |
| for mounting photographs. To the person sending us the number of our package, on the CHRISTMAS, and beg you to remember that we .are x to show them. All staple styles $3.10. Special styles from aj
j wonSa'ff help 1 l fi n nd cr O h s S in n | W Ma a r f feet'k e et' \u25a0'&"?" ! " '""* °* * K^dak! I4^, P va?ueMoo h THE HOME OF THE EPICURE. our Custom Department $^.00 and $ 5-QQ5 -QQ per pair? - 1
The Worry of Christmastide 'T KEEPS A WOMAN GUESSING Tl>e Store ol DcpenaabiUty I HALmooN^BAYjOTS
I to .«,»». of at please of g ivin g . What to Give a Man for Christmas °^f^^^&Z^&iX^f^^<S?. 1
H Let US ease the burden for 3'OU. We have taken Special t v • /-^ i- t j j. * • J-«.«/<,K1. way flniah their road, of -which over 30 mile* are already constructed. Si
U pains to make this Christmas stock the largest and most varied W e have solved the problem for you. with our stock of Ex- otherwise. Our me of ready- o-wear garments is dep«&ble %£»&£% S I^^^^?^^?^-^^ l^^^^ U
I assortment in our history, comprising as it does the best of . , Fiir _. !.;___ rnmnr :,: n£r nc it Ant , Qa » i htk latest m quality, perfect fit and excellent workmanship— tailor-made |ISO to f woo. accordm/ to iocatitS~ T LotTlto"!r to «Ir? ai loTinlcie" |
everything in Jewelry, Silverware, Cut Gla S6j Watches, Dia- elusive Men s Furnishings, comprismg. as it does, all the latest .n. n respect cxccpt the pricCj remember that . & 2X^^&£%s^' a B?&2?L'SEZ I
13 monds and Ornamental Bric-a-Brac. we have two stores over- novelties in Ties, bhirts- and Underwear. Haye you ever Suits 'from 'sl4: to $35 half of what a tailor would charge you -To thB person sendine us the number of our package on the Christmas gj
I flowing with gifts for you to choose from-therefore the thought of what an appropriate and acceptable ""gift • a bath for the same "'quality. ' - %^ > Z>2s££^r£LF2F&J^ I
B Choosing IS easy. p - • purchase price of any lot you may select. H
H To the person sending us the number of our package on j "robe makes? If your husband or sweetheart is particular in We are also "little men" tailors; in fact, are complete g"]™* ISSt^ S^ST%ff SSSIm 1
1 the Tree in the neatesfand most original manner we will pre- his taste come to us> f or we have just what you are looking furnishers for both men and boys. Our stock is the largest in and opportunity for investment should more than mterwt you. Easy pay- Q
I sent a handsome Sterling Silver Backed Brush and Comb, . . \u0084,\u25a0,.-,. the city— our prices . are worthy of your consideration. -rwi.' n,»«r,V.^ VII t " /
I valued at $1000 for - We are the largest exclusive haberdashers in town. , - \u25a0 .-. \u25a0« \u25a0 J J - . Title Guaranteed by the tuu insurance and Guaranty company. g
lAH the World Loves a Lover QUALITY! NOTHING BUT QUALITY, t'a™. a polar beards adv.ce.:. "just as "old glory" I
I Jrill \.iLVC VY Ui *V 1 3U\J V W. 3 UL JLj\j VWi X . . - x . .. • -».-« r : f-^ Stands for the BEST Country, Best Government and Best @
Is what you get when buying knitted ware consisting or under- . V\/f^Slt* r^iif*^ People, so does the Southern Pacific stand for the Best in H
I And all the world admires a beautiful woman. You have a moral wear, hosiery, gymnasium goods, bathing suits, jerseys, sweaters • - W, WCB.fi 1 Ul O RaiirnaHint?' in rnmfort fnnvwim^ rX .r • ? * m
1 right to make yourself as attractive and as beautiful as possible. and bath robes from us. AYe handle nothing but GOOD UNDER- . - Kailroading, in comtort, convenience, cafe service, and, mo3t R
I * A clear compl^iUm and soft glossy hair adds wonderfully to one s WEAR In all fabrics for man and woman. Prices from $1.50 up. i . , : , important of all, birhiLU, for using it is time saved when S
H appearance We give you both by the use of the King Vibrator. There is something about Irish Linen Mesh Underwear that ap- - . . ' . . • traveling to the H
U ItVthe best and most pleasant treatment ever experienced for the pea is to most people— once tried you cannot get them to use any There IS nothing that is so conducive to genuine 1 comfort ' avtJ " sl « t^a*.^ ' H-
« face scalp and nails. Did you ever hear of manicuring being other. Besides three suits will last from two to three years. In in winter time as a Fur Garment, Stole or Boa. ' , ' v WORTH, EAST AND SOUTH. S
1 done by a machine? We do it. and do it perfectly, in one-half the Ladies' Knit Blouses, we carry an immense variety from $2.00 to . . . : . . , , \u25a0_ , . . ,* X
f ordinary time. $10.00. Hosiery in silk, lisle and cotton, our own selected impor- . Our stock of -Furs this year is the best.and largest assort- Our through train service to New Orleans and Chicago, m
I We* also cure rheumatism by the King Vibrator— the only ra- tations, from 25c up. ment we have ever shown, and our prices are a strong induce- with its many conveniences, luxuriousness and courteous em- 19
I tional mode of treatment. It puts new life in you and makes; Quality, Fit, Comfort and Values are our four mottoes— upon ment for your patronage. . . . . ' . ployes, has made the Southern Pacific the favorite route of 3
I you feel that life ls worth living. them we have built the reputation of our store— the finest knit- " , , \u0084 4 . , • r , - - . exoerienced traveler^ • H
1 To the person sending us the number of our package on the ting establishment in the city. . . - To the lady sending. US., the number of our . pkg. on the experienced traveler..
Tree, in the neatest and most original manner, we will present To the person sending us the correct number of our package tree in 'the neatest and most attractive manner we will present Our personally conducted tours are looked forward to hv \u25a0
Sdy^sS'bVt^ P r^nt T wl!«^ with" our^Xmas- compliments; a -handsome Squirrel Four- many . patrons We have interesting brochures on most an^ rf
swers. an order for four treatments each. valued at $5.00. \u25a0\u25a0. • . ' . in-Hand Scarf valued at $12.50. • \u25a0 point you would like to visit. \u25a0
While Eating Your Christmas Dinner ' when pay day comes Two Good Things To Tie To M will be no puzzle I
""" *>%•*•*»£ »w . 4 , ; \u25a0.;\u25a0; .. v^ To your f nen d s how you dress so well when they know lla
fAii: Can you honestly say you have earned more than. ypur. salary. .'lt . Your OWN home and: a savings account. We can supply you with that your clothes are made from the famous n
How much better satisfied you will feel, whether you are dining >'°v have, it's the best investment you ever made. Remember, the - both. In our Savings Department we pay 6 per cent on deposits. mat your cloincs are maae Irom tne famous
iiov. mucn Detter sansnea jou wuiicci, *%.. cl i * man coman(i3 the position— the more business ; education, • the i n our Building and. Loan Departments© will either build your --:.-• pr A *?A/*="V TU/CCnc M
at home or with friends, if you know that you are gowned more salary. There are plenty of positions in the world waiting home for you, buy the home you'are already in, or help to build OL//lAIWC M i W £Z CZLJ^J ij
, , , j •. A. t „-*\u2666„ 'VVii/-" ,;, tint on^ nf for clear-headed, active^ young men and women, . with, business .. up. your, income. <In other words, we enable you to JES'V T* H IS 1 fgfgH TTJI'rW .*-»*-»<-— tt
neatly, becomingly and with that natty- chic air that one ot educations, to fill them. Ours is the largest, best equipped and «.^,- k -.'i-^ • -« ** *\u25a0 * rI CZ Mf\iZ9n 1 MIJLCJrxS *1
nTTR «.,,itc alwav«» irives to the wearer' oldest Business College on the coast, with over 22,000 graduates. .' ; Q^l |T|P .DA \/ TlVTr— TPlHllxTHr I n n 1 /m . \u25a0 «-, 1 - » «-«•'. a
OLK suits always gi\cs to tne nearer. We haye more demandB {f>T competent omce . help than ;we can \u25a0 :. , Jl KJIT rl\ I IINVJ- «IvClN:l-« ThpV IVI 7\ X P l^lnt HpQ TTh^t Pff r3r 3
We have never had such a bountiful stock for you to select possibly supply. 514 positions filled from January Ist to Deeem- • a '' w J l»iai\U VIULi ICO 1 IICIL X \ L 13
from as this season. Everything in Suits, Coats, Skirts. and ; bwjst.-and^yet^we could not supply the demand. That should . -^s^air.rtght^to^ik^ \u25a0To the gentleman sending us the correct number of our 1
I Furs. No matter what your limit in price may be, we can . . Our School of Mines and Engineering comprise a, curriculum have had a 'roof over your heads -and a "bunch of rent rJc^ipts °o package on .the Tree in the neatest and most attractive manner S
please vou — can give you every satisfaction. of Mining, Electrical, Civil, Steam and Gas Engineering; every show for It. In other words you were supporting the landlord. we will present with our Christmas compliments a suit pattern |«
•*• ti l 1 j a- *v «* ™,r n-,r\rr,rr~ «n tVi*. department complete in every detail. We have an. interesting Pay us the same amount or less and at the expiration of a slml- o f the' famous Blarney Tweeds valued at Si; 00 Our name i« H
To the lady sending us the number of our package on the boO klet we would like to send you. , lar. period we will hand you a deed for your home. Paying rent 1 T ft i ,»!„„ ««Tn T t" vaiuca ac * l > m - wur na me J>» \u25a0
Tree in the neatest and most original manner we will present FJnd our name on the Christmas Tree and yon will find the was all- right a century ago, but not in this age of. progress. my solution 10 ±. vy. 1. 1. a
with our compliments a Fur Boa, valued at $5.00. - business college that will lead you to success. ' We have an authorized capital of $30,000,000.00. "Forget your troubles, but don't forget our name. jH
I ' THE CHOICE FOR A LIFETIME 'Hnw MfbTIPV firftWSl LADIES WHO KNOW "" «F YOU LOVED YOUR WIFE |
Some pianos are made to look pretty and sell-they suit Some Bay .. gave a . mtle each week/ - We thlnk you - will . a&ree this truth, but after, all T he T«t i. the Thlo K . -.;-., V SSSS^bffi Sd'mSt «£& li?uAne% e%?^riSS! 'io thS I
people who want an ornament. tnat ours ls tne better plan. Smiths' Cash Store wants you fora, '• ._\u25a0 _ i-^ » \u25a0•— nm*w*w w **^. w w \u25a0'*-\u25a0% j. ' . man of le^ al a^e. residing in or employed in San Francisco H
KNARTT PIANOS Co-operative partner. Fifty Dollars will purchase five shares of m /ft gg i *-» «\u25a0% \$U JP—S X B B I *"^ i mm sending us the number of our package on the Tree, with this cou- 3
I * 4 '- rtX " : ' rirm^o stock in our store, making you, therefore, a part owner. Thib M—jjT<tLßUrM WW W M M UwW pon properly filled out, In the neatest and most original manner M
Are made to make good music-that's the kind we find most &£ ™taSe y «&i?es dry* 'goods^mfa'c^mosi 1 %17- TILLMANN'S goods always \endorse them because they are the We WIU prMent W " h ° UI " XmaS com P lim^a. ten dollars in gold. . |
people want. Tone sweetness, tone power and tone durability ..SB^iS^ «"^ : goods ?^^^^^^^^^i^Mf^"^E^d Name .... S
are predominating characteristics. Knabe Pianos are soulfully every day and we share the profits with you. Our store is pure- teacher. Why not try. and -.test ,TILI^IANNS goods— the results "*". 7»
responsive to the most artistic touch. . ly mutual and co-operative and you are one of our partners in are bound to be satisfactory. and pleasing. . : "j L A »« Package No. on Tree. a
To the two persons sending us the number of our package the strictest sense. - . \/ -* " ; Jo^each "of six .ladles sending us the number of our package , . Address ' S
|iS & Tree in ,he neatest and most original manner . '' fryf -ry I*. 1n,.™.. g
1 present with an order good for ?00.00? 0 0.00 to be applied on the one share of stock ($10.00), with our Christmas Compliments. .useful Kitchen-cabinet containing fourteen cans of TILLMANN'S | and how much? ..-. S
U \u0084,r rl ,-nP nrirr of any ne<v niano in our mammoth stock" to . \u25a0 . - -.. Spices, a can of TILLMANN'S "Trophy" Baking- Powder and a .-_- _ " " ' Z7, . ,V ••••• a
purchase price ot any ne .\ piano in our mammotn siock, to References— Our 10.000 customers, everywhere. bottle each of Tillmann's Flavoring Extract of Vanilla and Lemon- Cut this ad out. fill in complete »nd mall to Walter Hoft $
f next three best answers, an order tor each. . - -. - . . - . \u25a0 Seely. 3*
BRUGERE WINS
MANY ADMIRERS
Arrest of Military Command
er of French Army Causes
a^ Big Sensation , in Paris
HIS COURSE INDORSED
People Believe He Was Jus
tified in Refusing to Sa
lute an Inferior Officer
Special Dlxpatch to Tbe Call.
PARIS, Dec 16.— General Brugere, com
mander-in-chief of the French army, who
was arrested for a difference with a sub
ordinate who went scot-free, has Just
completed his sentence of imprisonment.
Brug^re's prominent position and his
past record make the peculiar situation
all the more remarkable. He has won
bis place at the head of the French army
not through political pull, but by his rec
ord as an officer. During the Franco-
Prussian war General Brugere was pro
moted for his masterly grasp of artillery
tactics, which won a number of impor
tant victories for the French. He was
made captain and major in the same
year, and rose rapidly from one. rank to
another. He attended the same school as
the la.te President Cfixnot, and they were
intimate personal friends. When Carnot
became President Brugere was appointed
chief of his household military staff.
General Brurere was born In 1841, and,
as he will be 65 years old next year, he'
will go on the retired list.
When the scandals about spying. on pri
vate political and religious convictions of
army officers began under General Andre
as Minister of War it was found that
Andre's right hand man at the Ministry.
General Percin, was responsible for the
active part of the work ordered by the
Minister. When Andre fell Percin
was wisely removed from the Min
istry, although retained at \u25a0 the head
of an army division. No love was lost
between him and his brother officers,
however, and numerous snubs have been
lavished upon him ever since. Finally,
some days ago. he got tired of this atti
tude; and unfortunately, he selected the
commander-in-chief of the army from
whom to demand cordial recognition.
TRIES TO AVOID PERCER.
General Brugere had carefully ab
stained from any comment on the Andre-
Percin incidents, and had observed the
regulation relations with his subordinate.
General Percin: but he made no secret
of the fact that the more completely he
could avoid Percin when off duty the
more agreeable it would be to him. Sus
pecting this, Percin rode out to the Bois
de Boulogne at the hour when General
Brugere usually took his morning ride,
and tried to cross him. Brugere, how-
ever, pretended to take quite accidentally
i to a bypath. Percin then spurred up to
i the generalissimo and said. "General,, I
Saluted and you did not answer.*,' .: "I
didn't see you." replied Brugere. "You
see me now," retorted Percin, "Well, it's
as if I didn't see you," said Brugere, rid
ing away. Percin then wrote to the Min
ister of War, complaining of the Incident,
and asking either that the Minister de
mand reparation or else authorize him
(Percin) to challenge his superior officer.
General Brugere. , V" •
But while tlie letter was going through
the post a change had come about in the
Ministry; Maurice Berteaux. the Socialist
Minister of War in sympathy with the
spying business, had fallen and was re
placed by Etienne, formerly Minister of
the Interior, a moderate and liberal mind
ed man. Etienne called both Brugere and
Percin to his cabinet, and all that was
known when they came out was that
they had exchanged salutes and the af
fair was ended.
CAUSE OF THE TROUBLE.
Then it was .that the real trouble be
gan. Although there had been no wit
nesses to the scene, the official agency,
Havas, came out with a story which
practically branded the generalissimo as
a coward.' Brugere, the agency stated,
had apologized to Percin, saying that he
had not seen him: and so Percin had
come forth with flying colors.. The pa
pers published indignant comments on
the commander in chief, who said noth
ing until a ' prominent politician and
newspaper editor, Ernest Judet, published
a personal attack on him. This the gen
eral could not ignore, and a challenge
followed. But the seconds demanded to
know the full truth of what had passed,
and then, in response to the demands of
his seconds, Brugere said with great sim
plicity that he had not apologized, that
he had stated the facts as they were,
that had he seen Percin he would have
had to salute, first because the army reg
ulations required it, and, secondly, be
cause Percin as his Inferior could not de
mand reparation of him; that he had
tried hla best to avoid seeing Percin,
whom he did not want to salute, and that
when Percin had forced himself forward
demanding recognition he, Brugere, as in
honor bound, had Ignored this and
squarely refused to salute, as he would In
dealing with any other man behaving
thus .toward him. The Minister had de-^
clared himself satisfied with j this expla
nation and had asked if Brugere would
then salute Percin, which Brugere pro
ceeded to do. The Minister asked If he
would shake hands with Percin, and this
Brugere declined, as it was not required
by the regulations. With matters placed
In this light no further reproach could be
made against General Brugere, -and the
Irate Journalist publicly apologized : to
Brugere for having misjudged- him on
the strength of an Inaccurate agency
note. ,
KEPT U\DER ARREST.
It was the following day that the Coun
cil of Ministers met and amazed the army
and the public generally by condemning
Brugere to two weeks'- arrest -for having
"allowed himself to, repeat what passed
in the cabinet of the Ministers." For
supplying inaccurate news . on this same
subject to a newspaper agency General
Percin, a simple staff officer, had' been
left alone; but-for telling the truth to. his
seconds in a duel arising from ' the Inci
dent the generalissimo was put under
arrest The only result of this has been
to .make Brugere the most' popular man
in the army and Percin more scorned
than ever before.
The generalissimo's arrest consisted In
not leaving his house for the space of
fifteen days except to go on official busi
ness to the Ministry of War. A sentinel
was placed outside the generalissimo's
door in the Avenue Rapp to see that he
obeyed the Minister's orders.
The London milkman covers his route
on foot, pushing a hand cart with three
wheels, which carries his cans of milk
and his different measures.
It requires the workmanship of twenty
men and the use of much costly machin
ery to make that dainty article of the
household, the thimble.
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1905/ ;
EAGER TO SING
IN NATIVE LAND
Geraldine Farrar, .Who' -Has
~Won Fame in Berlin, Is
Anxious to Keturn Home
FAVORITE OF EMPEROR
Gifted Young Massachusetts
Prima Donna x Receives
Many Costly Royal Gifts
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
BERLIN, Deo. 16.-^Jeraldlne .• Farrar,
the gifted young Massachusetts prima
donna, who has just been engaged by
Director Conreld of the New York Metro
politan Opera Company, Is one of
the most talked . about young wom
en In Germany • and in European
artistic circles generally. She owes
her fame chiefly to her talents, for
In four years she has risen from the
ranks of theu nknown to the pinnacle of
operatic glory in this mecca of great
singers. 1 But what has made her name a
household word everywhere German is
spoken is' the friendship, she has long en
joyed with the Kaiser's family—principal
ly with the young German Crown Prince,
who before his recent marriage was j her
avowed admirer. Berlin's^ yellow. press
about a year : ago indulged in sensational
stories about the relations of the slender
brunette ; Massachusetts soprano with . the
Kaiser's promising, heir. One report was
so circumstantial as to credit young
Frederick Wilhelm with a desire to re
nounce the imperial throne rather than
lese the opportunity of making Miss Far
rar i hfs bride. What is without doubt
nearer the truth is simply that the Crown
Prince, like any impressionable | youth,
had conceived a genuine fondness and ad
miration for the American . singer's tal
ents and charms, - and exercising his
princely prerogative showered upon her
such attentions / as , prima donnas from
time Immemorial have been accustomed
to- receive from royal appreciators.
The Kaiser himself has paid Miss Far
rar homage. , She v sang at . the Berlin
schloss at a private imperial dinner^par
ty two years ago. Next x day ; a court
chamberlain arrived at her home and left,
with his Majesty's compliments, a mag
nificent brooch ; representing .'_ the , : .initial
"W" set in diamonds and rubles and sur
mounted •by a \ tiny i imperial \ crown of
pearls. Miss Farrar*s face Is familiar to
millions of Germans because of .; the post
card likenesses of '\u25a0 her -distributed broad
cast ' throughout , the . empire.' - Since ; the
Crown Prince stories cropped out 'she has
become little short 7 of -a national charac
ter, and • a secretary has been kept - busy
answering requests for autographs . and
signed photographs.
Miss Farrar lives quietly and modestly
with her parents Un: Berlin. 'Her. mother
is her constant , companion - and has at
tended every performance ':; Miss .; : Farrar.
has participated ' in,* always sharing: her
dressing-room with her. i: Mr. Farrar,. who
is known to. thousands of. American base
ball \u25a0 Vfans" as - "Sid".. Farrar,' the light
ning first baseman • of the ; former " Phila
delphia brotherhood team, is Miss Geral-
dine's business manager, so that the
whole family— father, mother and daugh
ter—are actively wrapped up in the young
woman's career, y • \u25a0.' -
Miss , Farrar made her . debut \u25a0\u25a0 at the
Royal Opera in erlin in November, 1901,
as Marguerite. Since then she has ap
peared in roles, her greatest successes
being in "La Traviata" and "Manon."
She commands German,. Italian- and
French repertoires and Is' gifted with un
usual dramatic ability. She has sung at (
Monte Carlo; ' Stockholm, Warsaw and
Paris, and wears the magnificent "Wasa"
diamond medal awarded by , King Oscar,
of Sweden for excellence in the vocal
art, a distinction coveted by -many and
won . by few European artists. .
Miss Farrar is a native of Melrose,
Mass., but came to Europe early In her
teens, ' and has never sung. -publicly In
her native- land except as a "wonder
child." She looks forward with girlish
enthusiasm, to . the prospect of appearing
before [ American \u25a0\u25a0 audiences as • a f ull- .
fledged prima donna , with ari established
reputation In the most critical centers
of European art. Her triumphs in Ber
lin have' been won in the face of many,
real obstacles. Prejudice against her na
tionality has continued. Older women
lingers haye openly insulted and annoyed
her during performances at Berlin. On
one occasion, during the premiere of
"Manon," they attempted: by loud talking
to drown out her prettiest aria, the mani
festation of hostility and jealousy being
so pronounced that the audience made
its protest audible. Miss Farrar ls still a
very young- woman. She ' will celebrate
her twenty-third birthday early jin 3 the
new, year. Her most intimate friend and
companion in Berlin jis Mme. \ Liza Leh<
mann, who is enthusiastically interested
In her future .career. V : -
PRINCES S MARY OF WALES '- ; vi' V
"A MISCHIEVOUS .YOUNGSTER
Drives Nurse Into Hysteric* by Setting
Off ; Flrervorks Under
the Table.
LONDON, Dec. 1 16, — Little Princess
Mary of Wales will, unless she changes
very much , during maturer years, be
the "tomboy" of the family. In this
propensity she Is taking much after
her' aunt, Princess Maud, who is ;, now
the Queen of Norway. It Is' well' known
that Princess Maud was the least con
ventional ,of the daughters ; of \u25a0 King. Ed
ward. When things were dull 'at' Marl
borough House or at " Sandrlngham the
Princess would quite ' spontaneously
change 'the whole aspect ; of the situa
tion i byl singing the latest 'comic song
or doing a' skirt dance in the most ap
proved music hall fashion., She was
not even; above dressing hereelf In her
brother's Highland costume : and \ doing
a sword dance or; a\ Highland. reel. >!\u25a0';£
Princess Mary's greatest ambition is~
to do . tricks .with* which to
confuse j her, brothers. , , When they : are
completely- absorbed In trying; to solve
the : mystery she has frequently , started
a display of fireworks ;under. the table.-
This, so - frightened: her nurse on one
occasion '. that i the ;.' poor • ..woman .went
into \ hysterics": and ? ; threatened x to give
up ; the " Job , If \u25a0 the Princess persisted iln
playing, such. tficks."The little; Princess
ls v a fearless cyclist and enjoysCgetting
her i brothers ! Into ;' tight 'corners \u25a0;. .when
they are out together. \u25a0 She' usually
rides > her' Shetland pony, "a >la ; clothes
peg" and without . a saddle:. Naturally,
she is ',' the Queen of Norway's ; favorite
niece! i; '"-. :. . \u25a0 ' '..,'. \u25a0 -.\u25a0"'-*'" ':\u25a0"'''\u25a0 .»'/' \u25a0
Freedom from dirt and preservatives
is insured in' your; milk[supply^by/ob
taining? Horlick's Malted Milk. Pure
milk : from' healthy cows, and sanitary
dairies." Ask 'for "Horlick's,"
BOYS TO HONOR
VERNE'S MEMORY
School Children of France
Will Erect a Statue of
the Famous Story, Writer
GALILEO RELICS FOUND
Thumb and a Finger of the
Great Scientist Discovered
in Possession of Woman
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
. LONDON, Dec. 16.— Jules Verne was a'
favorite story-teller, not only with the
boys, of his own country, • but with
youngsters the. world' over, so' it- will
be rather a pity if the youths of America
and England especially are not allowed
to contribute to the statue of the ro-.
mancer '\u25a0 which the • lads of France are
now planning to erect at Nantes, where
Verne was born.
It really would be more appropriate If
.this memorial. to the creator of Captain
Nemo' were raised at. Amiens, the his
toric French city in • which .Verne spent
practically the whole of his life, but the
idea of the statue originated with the
boys of ,the Vlycee," "or grammar school
of Nantes.: and so at Nantes the statue
will have to be."?;- V .
It is practically, certain to be erected,
for the appeal ..for aid which the boys
at Nantes have addressed to those of .the
"lycee". all. over, France -has just been
indorsed by the 5 French Department of
Education, and it has also been decided
that designs for the monument will be
exhibited in the Government School of
Fine Arts. " •
,' As , most ! people . know. Jules - Verne
was practically an \u25a0 untraveled } man, in
spite of i the fact. that almost every one
of his stories dealt. with, travel of on©
kind- or another. .'Few are aware,'how
ever, -why the novelist stayed at 1 home
so continually. Early in his career
Verne was severely ! wounded . by a
pistol-shot,.; which put a stop- to : the
yachting that had previously beguiled
his leisure and made him more or less a
cripple. The shot was fired by a member
of Verne's own family, but the incident
was forgiven, . if not forgotten, long be
fore his. death, so there is no need to
dwell upon" it.":.
RELICS OF GALILEO.
'After^havlrig been missing: for over
sixty * years, a thumb and ..' finger - : of
Galileo, the famous discoverer of the
earth's; rotation and victim, of the In
quisition, have Just 'been 7 discovered in
sthe possession of an old woman in Flor
ence.^ Moreover it is rumored that a rich
-'American"; ls \ trying- to buy these precious
;lf ; rather srewsome relics.' and patriotic
Italians-^ are' greatly lest' their
Government "should \u25a0 fail ; to act in " time,
and, the historic digits be allowed to leave
the country. -V' *
,";The story of this thumb and finger and
of Galileo's other lthumb are 1 uncommonly
interesting." It seems that after the Italian
scientist's : ; body : . was ..' exhumed - and ' re
buried -.. in \ 1735 1 both of - the thumb? -and
iseveral fingers were removed to bo kept as
relics. . What became of the other digits
no one seems to know, but the right-hand
thumb and 'finger, which have just turned
up after being lost' for so long, were taken
charge of by Canon Vlncenzo Capponi.
The thumb of the left hand was removed
by Franc Gori, an antiquarian, who
willed it to an ecclesiastic, Canon Maria
Zandini, but on his death It was Dot to
be found. It was eventually discovered
among some waste papers, however, and
was at once put in safety in the Mediocoe-
Laurenzlana Library.
Meanwhile the other thumb and finger
had disappeared. Canon Capponi. their
original possessor, bequeathed them to
his heirs, who treasured them until IS45*
when they were lost sight' of. Writing
from Paris in October, 1599, however, the
Marquis Pier Capponi said, "I? remember
to have heard in my youth of these pre
cious relics, and believe them to exist."
So the researches were not dropped, and
It was vaguely said that the relics were
in the possession of an old woman, who
had been intrusted with the documents of
the Capponi family. In fact, they were
found in \u25a0 her , house in Florence. They
had been kept for sixty years by the old
woman, now, 84 years old. They ' were
found • under ': crystal, lying on antique
Florentine, yellow satin, the frame heav
ily carved and bearing an effigy of Gali
leo.
CORELLI'S • NEW NOVEL.
At her homo In Stratf ord-on-Avon Miss
Marie Corelll is hard at work on a new
novel, of which an Intimate friend of
hers tells me the authoress has especially
high hopes. It ls a love story, and Miss
Corelli has chosen for her hero a charac
ter which she believes ls unique in mod
ern fiction. The i authoress has published
one or two short stories recently, but
does not expect to have her forthcoming
book ready for several months. /.- f;V
Apropos of a new illustrated edition of
"King Solomon's Mines" which haa Just
been published, it is announced that over
300,000 copies of that lively story have
been sold in England alone. Considering
that It was written by Rider Haggard in
three months during his spare 'time, and
withj no 'serious belief that it would ever
be published, the record is not such 'a
bad one. .
MISSIONARY TO PREACH.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.. Dec. 16.—
-Professor Samuel Sattianadhan, a native
of India, has accepted the Invitation of
fered, to preach in the Memorial Chapel
of the Stanford University to-mor
row. -.The learned missionary will
choose as his topic "What the Christian
Missions have done for India." Dr. Sat
tianadhan \u25a0 has been ; engaged recently in
delivering a series lectures at Harvard
and Yale. He~ comes "to the coast to give
a course at the Pacific Theological Semi
nary at Berkeley. Dr. Sattianadhan will
occupy the pulpit at the regular 11:30 ser
vice.- - '.. \u25a0 •».--. : - \u25a0>,;.;\u25a0-\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
' The vesper worship in th© afternoon will
be omitted this Sunday to allow the third
and last of the oratorios, which will be
held- at. Bin the evening. Handel's sacred
oratorio. "Messiah," will be rendered by
Dr. Blodgett and several soloists.
VALLEJO MAN AVEDS NAPA GIRL *
; AND KEEPS SECRET A YEAR
People of Two Town* Surprised by
Announcement of Marriage of Em
ployes of Telephone Company.
VAXiLBJO, Dec. 16.— William Decarteret.
the" district manager of , the Pacific States
Telegraph , and Telephone Company, and
Miss Helen Booker, who has been the
chief operator in' the Napa office for sev
eral years, were wedded at Redwood City
on 'January ' 9 : last. : Their secret became
known only a few days ago to their many
friends in Valle jo . and < Napa, •>;;'_
MYSTERY SITRROUXDCVG DEATH
OF AJT EDITOR IS CLEARED
Evidence at Inquest Shorn That He
Was Murdered by »xro. Who
Afterward Committed Suicide.*
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— A Coroner's Jury
to-day inquired into the death of J. 11.
Thompson, an editor on the New York
Times, who was found dead in his room
at the St. James Hotel In this city on
September 8 last. The jury returned a
verdict that Thompson had been mur
dered by R. H, Hamilton, a nesrro, who
was an elevator operator at the hotel,
and who committed suicide some weeks
ago. The principal witness at the inquest
to-day was a negro woman who told the
police the' negro had confessed to her
that he had murdered the arred editor.
Under the auspices of the University of
Freiburg, Switzerland, a business acad
emy for women only has been opened in
thai city.
The London Graphic suggests that the
British educational authorities set up pho
nographs.-with a "standard accent" la
all the schools of the empire.
1 Everything I
! tn z
I A, ZELLERBACH & SOHSi
> : •
> •
I - -418-426 Suune Street, 0
I San Francisco. Cal.
j. R. McGUFFIGK & GO. T
Dealer* la All Kinds ot '
Lubricating Oils!
Paints, Yarnishss, etc., Globs Picking |
AGENTS FOR COAUNOA CRUDE
OIL. *
23 SPEAR STREET t
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. I
TeleDhono Main 5320. J"
>«»» » \u25a0 » »^o
R. MOHR & SON
548-350 BATTERY.
Phone Black 0-182.
.Maaufartureri and Dealer* la '
ACID. BORAX. BLUESTOXE AXD
, CHEMICALS.
4950
hind it. One spegifigations I F . . \u25a0^^4^-
__ , I No. 9503 STUDEBAKER GASOLINE CAR STEERING By wheel and irreversible. ', * V^l \»fWI V^r \u0084
hl^inh IC Fi r %llir^\/I/'O/1 ' MOTOR Four cylinder vertical. < LUBRICATION Positive and mechanical oiler, . \ .< '.\--\-* _ # .;;
LSIQL lO IUIIUVVCU DIMENSIONS Each cylinder 3^ x 4 K with sights located on dash. ;hi i^W Xl Xl H /1O lIX/OT*!I IX/OT*! /i!
" itVrt ' HORSEPOWER RATING 20-24. COMMUTATOR Accessible and maximum wear- \II f ) I LCI lIU LJCII VCI V '
j TRANSMISSION Sliding gears. ; : ing capacity. . " ; j — .*^T . • T-". ; ~ /v -
iHrjkh hUa C*TfirTmO : FRAME Pressed steel. IGNITION Jump spark with dynamo and sup- t ' . ',',
Y/y &S § I LI IC k^CII lIC \u2666 SPEEDS Three forward -and one reverse i. four to. plementary storage batteries. { 7''y'\
" 1 V T f ?r!7; five A1 miles P er . ho }; r - * . CARBURETER Float feed, with 1906 refinements 1 : \^ '• !!
VALVES All mechanically actuated. txtp r> 1 n 1 j- \ : •\u25a0
I 1 1 ' " WHEEL BASE 08 inches COOLING By pump and cellular radiator. .-^
r\rr^^n OllrHrr^ri-* GAUGE 54 inches. ' ' AXLES Front axle, tubular steel; rear axle, com- .
Ul UUU CUUi UII ' t BEARINGS Ball bearings on front and rear posite construction, relieving driving mem- , ' \\
;; axles; elsewhere plain bearings of extra large UCIS . . dli ; vcl bIKb 1K - . , \u0084
1 X ' 'dimensions - ' -'- SPRINGS Semi-elliptic. < t>T' • * •*•!-»
b £Li^ hh^ir rtAAT : WHEELS 32 inches diameter. . GASOLINE CAPACITY 14. gallons. ', V lttV YearS experience 111 tile \\
LCC IHCrt 5L \J C2b n TIRES Standard makes, 32x4 inches, detachable, STANDARD COLORS of FINISH and UPHOL- , \;\ . * J -:|f . ;;
./ O ; clincher type, Continental or American. STERY Bodies and running gears in dark ; vehicle bllsilieSS DlciCeS US 111 \
BRAKES Hcmd' lever, internal expanding on both blues or dark greens. Upholstery in shades \u25a0 1 ii
\A/l>h niir \/P- rear wheels, foot lever on drive,shaft. 8 oMeather to match^olors of body finish. position tO appreciate VOUF !l
VVllll Clll V/LJI VC : \u25a0 . repositories. ' r rr " y ;^ ::
: ' Chicago, Illinois, Studebaker Bros. Mfg. Co 378 to 388 Wabash Avenue . ; xxronf-c K^t^f»\u25a0r tVldn C\r\\7 ' ntfi^r "
* New York City, Studebaker Bros. Co. of N. V Broadway and 7th Avenue, at 48th Street j WclllLd UCLLCI Lliail ail y \Jllli~l n
\u25a0^ _ j^^ t San Francisco, California, Studebaker Bros. Co. of California .Corner Market and Tenth Streets , *
Bill Ir~*^ ' Portland, Oregon, Studebaker Bros. Co. Northwest 330 to 336 East Morrison Street ; | > \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . '\u25a0
I £Iv/Iv^b3« ' Kansas City, Missouri, Studebaker Bros. Mfg. Co Hickory and Thirteenth Streets J lIldKCr. ; .
; • Salt Lake City, Utah, Studebaker Bros. Co. of Utah... 157 and 159 State Street 1 . J,
.--\u25a0"\u25a0- ( Denver, Colorado, Studebaker Bros." Mfg. Co Corner Fifteenth and Blake Streets < . n
\u2666 Dallas, Texas, Studebaker Bros. Mfg. Co .' 317 and 31?) Elm Street ; ,•. . ; - -. ; / J|
!i VISITORS ARE ALWAYS WELCOMED AT OUR FACTORIES, AND WE TAKE PLEASURE IN • ; / ''
SHOWING ALL WITH WHAT SYSTEM AND CARE THE WORK IS PERFORMED IN THE , : \\
..., \u0084,---- -----5 GREATEST VEHICLE WORKS IN THE WORLD. 6. . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 « » ''\u25a0 O
Msrket Rnd Tenth Streets s^iri FrsiTici^co
EDWARD C.HUGHES
PRINTER
\ AND
ENGRAVER
511 SANSOME STREET
SAA FRAXCISCO.
\ ...Mail Orders Solicited...
I Telephone Main 449
J, B. McINTYRE
BINDERY COMPANY
424 SANSOME STREET
BOOKBINDERS
ACCOUNT BOOK
MANUFACTURERS
and
PRINTERS
Telephone Main 1107.
BOOKBINDING
In all Ita branches.
Fine Bindings,
• Printing,
Lithographing.
Bank, Insurance and Mercantile
Work a Specialty.
All Acconnt-Books made from
fimt-claos Ledcer Paper and with
Patent Flat-Openine Backs.
Q . Q
Write its for Samples and Prices on
the most complete line of
BUILDING
and
SHEATHING PAPERS
On the Coast.
Bonestell, RicEarflson& Co.
California's Leading Paper House.
401-403 >A\ SOME ST M San Francisco
Weekly Call. $1 per Year
NOBLE TAKES A
HUMBLE SPOUSE
Chooses Poverty. With the
Girl He Loves Rather Than
Great Riches Without Her
CUT OFF BY FATHER
Son of Marquis de Castro
of Naples Makes a Pretty
Turin Dressmaker His Wife
Eoecial Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Dec. 16.— Investigations of
romantic stories that are told in London
Police Courts generally result in strength
ening one's respect for the judgment of
the palmist who declared all men to be
liars. But, happily, there are exceptions.
By personal Inquiry It has been ascer
tained that the tale of a young Italian
nobleman's heroic sacrifice for love, which
slipped out somehow in the course of an
application the other day for a summons
for assault, is not only true, but far
more interesting than was indicated by
the brief outline of it given in the court.
Occupying with his wife a mean room
in one of London's "has been" streets, his
worldly possessions reduced to a single
suit of clothes and a few copper coins,
Is now living Ermenegaldi Rossa di Cas
tro, eldest son and heir of the Marquis
di Castro of Naples, head of one of the
most ancient and aristocratic families
in the Italian peerage.
But for the fact that he refuses to be
separated from the woman of his choice
he might exchange the squalor of a cheap
London lodging-house for the splendor of
his father's palace, whose multitudinous
windows overlook the eternal blue of the
Bay of Naples. But with an arm around
his wife's waist and the lovellght gleam-
Ing in their eyes, he assured the corre
spondent In voluble Italian (which one of
his countrymen interpreted) that he would
never retuiyi to his ancestral halls while
his father lives, unless the Marquis would
consent to receive his wife also. And
that the Marquis has declared He will
never do.
His wife Is pretty enough to grace even
a palace. But her parents are plebeian
folk, and before her marriage she earned
her living as a dressmaker, and the proud
old Marquis Is no believer in the modern
doctrine that
True hearts are more than coronets.
And simple faith than Xorman blood.
' Ermenegaldi Is only 23 years* old, tall
and good-looking, with an air of distinc
tion which is all the more marked "by con
trast with the shabby suit of clothes
which is all that remains of his once ex
tensive wardrobe. After passing through
college he entered the army and obtained
a commission In a cavalry regiment Two
years ago at Turin, where his regiment
was then stationed, he met the pretty
dressmaker and fell desperately in love
with her. *
SCE2VE WITH lUS FATHER.
''I told my father." he said, "and we
had a terrible scene. All my arguments
and pleading were in vain. My father is
an aristocrat of the old school and he is
no longer young, and it is hard, perhaps,
for age to ( sympathize with the passions
of youth. A foolish fancy, he called my
love and told me I must' and should con
quer it. For me that was Impossible.
And for the young lady, who loved me as
I loved her. It was also impossible. . We
tried It and failed. We were miserable
unless we* could be .'together. , At. last we
could stand It no longer and decided, that
THE SAN I FRANCISCO CALL; ; ; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1905.
the best years of our lives should not be
spent apart. I went to my father again
and told him there was only one woman
in the world I could be happy with, and
my mind was made up to marry her at
all costs.
"My father has always the grand man
ner, but his rage was something fearful.
He told me if I married so much beneath
me— think of the angel I loved being be
neath me!— he would stop every farthing j
of my allowance, and as long as he lived
I should never receive another farthing
from him. Of course he could not keep
me from Inheriting the estates after his^
death, but I do not forget that he is my
father, and I hope that he may live many
years yet."
The young nobleman left his father's
roof without his father's blessing and re
sisted his commission in the army, de
termined to sacrifice everything for his
sweetheart. But then the course of true
love encountered another Obstacle. Ac- 1
cording to Italian law a son under -5
years of age cannot marry without the
father's consent. To escape this the
couple fled to Paris, only to discover that
French law imposed similar shackles on
Cupid.
They learned that things were made
easier for lovers in England and crossed
tho channel. Immediately after their ar
rival in London they were married at the
church of St. Peter in Clerkenwell, the
church of the Italian colony. That was
four months ago. Ermenegaldi sent a
copy of the marriage certificate to his
father. The Marquis acknowledged It by
promptly cutting off "his son's allow
ance.
HARD FIGHT WITH POVERTY.
/ Emerson once sal'd that the chief
value of a college education Is to teach
a man how little It Is worth. Ermene
galdi speedily discovered the truth of
tnis when he began to hustle for a liv
ing. He was a man wtihout a trade
and his accomplishments counted for
nothing. The few hundred dollars that
he had brought with him were soon ex
hausted, for his early training had not
included lessons in economy. Then .re
course was had to the pawnshop. When
nearly everything he possessed had
been pledged he humbled his pride and
wrote a pathetic appeal to his father
in his beautiful palace. This was the
answer he got from -the old, Marquis:
"My Dear Son: You shall have the
run (as of yore) of my palace and my
horses and carriages. All that I have
is yours, and I shall be only too pleased
to clasp you in my arms once more if
you return. But you must return
alone. Until my dying day I refuse to
recognize the woman you have so fool
; ishly married below your station."
Poverty had entered the door, but
love did not fly out of the window. Er
menegaldi declared he would do "any
thing" for a living before he would
leave his wife. The only "anything"
his unskilled hand could find to do was
lathering customers on busy nights in
the barber's shop on the ground floor.
The barber' was an Italian. . If he had
possessed .the business instinct of the
average American he would have ad
vertised the fact that the son and heir
of the Marquis dl Castro was perform
ing nightly with the shaving -brush,
and the increase of patronage would
have made the young nobleman's ser
vices worth a good salary. But :he
didn't do it and the amateur : latherer
was able to earn only a small pittance
I not nearly enough for' two young I
lovers with healthy appetites to live
upon. • \u25a0 /,
Then his wife had recourse to .her
former trade and purchased a sewing
machine on the installment plan. She
also*, neglected to advertise" the .fact
that she was the wife of an Italian no
bleman, and the little odd jobs she got
did not suffice to enable her to keep up
her payments on the machine. "•.'--.'.
The sewing. machine company sent a
man to remove •\u25a0 it. yj It Is alleged that he
laid rough hands on- the ; pretty bride.
That ; led \u25a0to an : application ••\u25a0 for; a.' sum
mons. for assault, and \u0084 through \ that
London obtained its first inkling of the
pretty and pathetic - romance. Perhaps (
, when to hears wtiat folks heco thtnfc si
it, and what they are saying of him,
the stern old Marquis may relent. Any
how, it has given the young nobleman
an advertisement that may go far to
ward helping him get a good job.'
ArtlMle and Useful.
• Strangers to a city are ever at a loss
to "know their way around" until a
certain length of residence has given
familiarity with streets and points of
interest. Tourists coming to San Fran
cisco may be easily relieved of annoy
ance in that direction- by procuring at
any book store one of the most com
plete and artistic maps ever produced
of this city and county, which has been
designed and published by Aug. Cheva
lier, 331 Kearny street. The map Is
complete in detail, showing the topog
raphy of the town and the. elevation of
the principal buildings, drawn in mini
ature. These^ features are cleverly in
troduced without in any way marVing
the map's clearness or completeness.
FRLXCESS BIANCA COLONNA
TO WED AFTER CHRISTMAS
Elaborate Preparations Being Made for
Cerciuony to. Occur Late •%
In Month.
PARIS, Dec. 16.— 1t was at Mrs. Mil
.llngton Drake's reception this week
that Paris society learned the definite
arrangements for the .wedding of Prin
cess Bianca Stigliano-Colonna and
Count Jules de Bonvouloir. It is the
specialty of her salon, as the guests
remarked, that things happen there. ,
This was the first appearance of the
engaged couple together at a social
function. The Princess looked very
young and very pretty, and her rela
tions with her fiance impressed every
one- with the idea of a true love match.
.The presence and affable cordiality
of the Marquise deCastellane, Count
Boni's formidable mother, was taken as
a sign that the Bonvouloir3 would be
caught to the .heart of the best circles.
The Princess made no secret of her in
tense enjoyment of her dally shopping
expeditions with Mrs. Mackay and (the
Count, buying jewels and objects of art
and selecting furniture, which Mrs.
Mackay gives on a truly princely scale
to her grandchildren.
Society says Mrs. Mackay is giving
an Immense sum of money down to the
young couple, besides a trousseau the
costliest that' the Rue de la Paix af
fords. The Princess insists,^ upon so
many dresses in rose pink) her fa
vorite color, that the modistes are in
despair at the task of designing some
twenty robes with sufficient difference
in one color scheme. It is agreed that
the. wedding robe is to be of childish
simplicity and not even -very costly, a
modest^ confection for some few hun
dred jdollars. Even the priceless lace
for which agents are hunting over* E
urope will not' appear at the ceremony.
In other respects the wedding isto be
one of the most striking celebrations
within the memory ofParis.
' No trust is to be placed In the rumor
that the Colonnas. for some unknown
reason,' have turned against: the mar
riage; the Prince and Princess:are very
happy and are combining with . Mrs.
Mackay in' giving all possible \ eclat'; to'
all the ceremonies. \u25a0 They, are j bringing
a great cro"wd of notable Roman aristo
crats for the wedding, civil on Decem
ber 26, religious the following. day.r and
the .occasion is to be" celebrated; by a
triple alliance of •American,; French and
Italian aristocracy in' sumptuous fetea.-,
Over 61,000,000 In Germany.
BERLIN, \u25a0 Dec. 16.— The quinquennial
census of the German Empire. I taken
yesterday, is . expected to t reveal '„" that
the * population . exceeds \u25a0 ; 61,000,000,
against 66, 345,000 v ln;.1900 v .;SincenB34'
the : : population i will ; have * exactly^
doubled. It is^believed; that s :this;hith
erto continuous r Increase' has -reached
itsicllmax," as^the birth rate is'slowlyj
but V surely/, receding/*:. Dr. '\u25a0\u25a0} Ebers. .tthe^
eminent :' statistician," does think'
that {any .dn/B : living, will see", the -popu
lattoa at Gemanx 70,000,000*
NOTED SOLDIER
HAS RETIRED
General William Butler of
the British Army Is No
Longer on the Active List
HIS EXCELLENT RECORD
Disregard of His Advice in
the Boer Trouble Costs
England a Terrible Price
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 16.— -Having attained
his sixty-seventh "birthday, which
marks the age limit in the British
army, Lieutenant General Sir William
Butler, K. C. B.; has retired from the
active list and the empire loses there
by the services of one of its most fear
lessly honest and capable soldiers.
There are not a few who are glad to
see him' go, for he is a sworn foe to
red-tapism, old-fogyism and ; the
take-things-easy system which are re
sponsible for. so much incompetence in
the British army. *
In his distinguished career of forty
seven years thoroughness has always
been a characteristic of Butler. His
last service was a scathing exposure
of the South African war stores scan
dals, by which the country was
swindled out of _ millions of dollars.
He shocked the ' easy-chair occupants
of' the War Office and violated all the
traditions of the • service by writing
the report in such a style that it ac
tually made interesting reading The
Government did its best to shelve It
by starting a cumbersome and pro
tracted inquiry into the matter, but
the Liberal party can be depended on,
now that it -is in power, to see to it
that it is not dropotd.
Butler himself is a stanch Liberal
and it is not improbable that he may
obtain" a seat in Parliament at the next
general election. Unmuzzled and free
from the military shackles. he would
be a power there.
Like many brilliant British soldiers, he
was born in Ireland. He entered Sand
hurst, the Government military college, in
1856, and two years later was gazetted
to a regiment. Those were the days
when commissions were obtained by pur
chase, and as he had not the means to
buy one, promotion came to him slowly.
He saw. some service -in ..Canada.' where
his mllltaTy/ talents and map-sketching
attracted the- attention of Colonel (now
Vißcount) Wolseley, : who "appointed him
to a military survey party/
HIS ABRIJPT TELEGRAM.
After twelve years' v service he was at
the age of -thirty-one [only a. senior sub
altern,' ; wnile > many., ' other i men with far
less ability, but blessed with much longer
purses' and backed by aristocratic infiu
once.'were, far" ahead of him. Repeated
applications to be. put on special service
met with no; response because he lacked
the ; necessary "pull" . and his career
seemed almost closed.'. /^.
, .But in UB7O he saw his chance and went
for .-' it.v Colonel -Wolseley was then • or
ganizing the, Red River /expedition. With
characteristic disregard for red tape. But
lers sent ithis cable ; to the future * com
mandpr-in-chief:
\u25a0'"Colonel Wolseley, .Winnipeg expedition
please remember' me;j ßutler, 69th . Regt ''
. : ; No ; reply; came apdi the War : Office/
proving -equally ideaf ; to his iraportunl-
Itlest' fae obtained leave of abaeace : anil
sailed for Canada at his own expense.
There he personally interviewed
Colonel Wolseley. The latter was
greatly impressed by" the spirit of the
young officer, but shook his head at the
suggestion of an appointment, declar
ing that every post had .been filled.
The pertinacious and audacious Butler,
however, insisted that there was one
berth yet unfilled, and that was that
of intelligence officer, who would let
him know what was afoot in Minne
sota and along the flank of his ad
vance. It was a good shot and the
post was created for him.
During the advance he met Colonel
Wolseley in a forest by preconcerted
plan and supplied him with most val
uable Information. This was the foun
dation of his career, for the command
er of the expedition, destined to be a
great military figure, never again left
Butler out of any active service with
which he himself was connected. But
ler's, services In Ashantl received spe
cial recognition in' Sir Garnet "Wolse
ley's dispatches. He distinguished
himself in South Africa during the
Zulu war and did magnificent work in
the Egyptian war in 18S2 and in the
later Soudan campaign.
SHELVED IX THE BOER AVAR.
• The story of what at the time was prac
tically : his military martyrdom "in South
Africa is well known. He not only fore
saw the fighting strength of the Boers,
but mistrusted the capitalists of South
Africa and all their ways. and works. His
warning to the Government prior to the
war made him the target of the most
malignant attacks by the imperialist
party, and led to his recall under cir
cumstances hardly short of public dis
honor. Had his warning been heeded
there would either have been no war, or
a war much more brief and much le3S
costly, because it would have been . en
tered upon with knowledge of what sort
of a job the army ~ad to tackle/
Yet, owing to the obtusenesa of the
Government and Its advisers, the British
empire waa deprived of the advantages
of the unique knowledge and experience
of Sir William Butler at a time when his
services would 1 have been of priceless
value in the' field. He. left his vindica
tion to time and did 'not" have long to
wait for it. ': r ri; *=>;
Butler has. written several books. "The
Great Lone Land," a delightful work
published as far back as 1572. showed him
to possess in a rare degree the art of lit
erary expression. He has to his credit
three first-rate military biogaphles— the
lives of General Gordon, Sir Charles Na
pier and Sir George Coilay. He married
in 1877 Miss Elizabeth Thompson, whose
"Roll Call" and other military pictures
have made her almost as famous as Is her
husband.
GERMAN EMPEROR AT OUTS .
WITH PRUSSIAN PRLVCE
Latter' Han Trouble With Hi* Wife.
Which Lend.« to Hl*
Feelins.
BERLIN, Dec. 16. — Prince Frledricb
Leopold of Prussia, the Kaiser's second
cousin . and brother-in-law, has had
Count Hen.ckel yon 'Donnersmack for
two years as his chamberlain. He was
appointed, by "the Kaiser and Is giving
the, Kaiser every-. satisfaction, but is at
daggers drawn with T the Prince, with
whom he .is. not -.even, on speaking
terms, and they communicate by letter.
Skeletons -in. the cupboard at the
Prince's palace at Glienecke are nu
merous. It appears that the Prince has
discovered a police detective called
Francke, doing duty as a scullion in
his kitchen and at the samo time
watching the Prince. This has set the
tongues of scandal a-wagging.
The Prince ' has . lately been in Man
churia, /sent . by his imperial relative.
Gossips ask .why he was sent. The
Prince and his wife are on notoriously
bad terms, and naturally -the Empress
takes her sister's part and is backed
up by the Emperor. ;. No; one .will speak
out, as the 'sword of lese majeste Is
sharp and •; you never \u25a0 know when or
.Where it will descend.
O.~TCTSOH U*V~
J. PORCHER
1 109 MARKET ST.
Odd Fellows' Bids., Phone South 383.
HATS
The Latent Blocks and the Lowest
Prices at all times.
Hat Coupons for Xmas Presents.
o a
o \u25a0 . — —a
CALIFORNIA
Belting and Supply
COMPANY,
MANUFACTURERS OP
Oak Tanned Leather and
Rawhide, Belting, Pnlleys,
Rope and Lace Leather
EUREKA | I
BELT DRESSING GO.
. 119-121 Mission St.
SAA* FUA.VCISCO
O ' — O
I ED. FAY E. J.FOSTER
<7orsi«r!y of CHS House)
Grand Hotel j
f £. |i
NEW HOHTGOHERY ST. i!
i Headquarters for all pro- !',
f esnlonal and mlnlns men ' '
FOSTER & FAY ]'\- Mutual
;i lliUlUalOflfllltu.uQllli
:^^^^^^p|«; ; . 710 MARKET SI KBE.I
. <; <?M ; - . I OPPOSITE THIRD
\u25a0'"SlleZ ~~'^r Sw-x \'-"- '\u25a0 \ Guarantee Capital - $1,000,000
£ec pr f r ijj, 1 Paid-Up Capital '..-.- 300,000.
™ j^S pp . J; 5 1 Surplus - - 300,000
:M» 3LMXM h!||- j Deposits - - 9,900,000
; : '. ME Ut^ 55 lll*'"'^ ' '' ' '
j^Sf .;.vS»-4>t.iy-^^i...fß & ;i* &^jWg^p»| JOIIX A. HOOPER Second Vlce-l*re»i«lent
lB"''' r *-l!ii^ GEO. A. STORY Secretary and Cashier
'^^^^^^^^^^^^f^^^P^^m^^; FRAXK J. SUL.LIVAX Attorney
Bn TjHSBM^r I^S" -' '^jj •'-'\u25a0' jHßJ^^^9^^^^fe?^3^r?*^ joiix a. ikioith, ja>ies mokfitt,
mfe^'i^ui-w^t v-vJl^ria^^S^'^^^^^^^S JAS " M * McDOXAJjD « CHARLES lIOLBROOK,
ML : TL-Ar S AvixGs baxk iiuiLDixG. Interest Paid on All Deposits
PORTABLE HOISTING ENGINES
MOORE ®> SCOTT IRON WORKS
Successors to Marshutz &. Cantrell— National Iron Works. Phone, Main 124
?KISs AND Main and Howard Streets, San Francisco, Cal.
wiNKiKtn S. DAVIS BURT L. DAVIS
FIRE CASUALTY . , MARINE
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON
\u25a0 \u25a0 •
rGJHiFij INSURANCE Brokers I
MANAGERS , STANDARD MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY .OF LIVERPOOL, ENGUND
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., General Agents
SAN FRANQSGO OFFICE SEATTLE OFFICE
-nr o N c* 4 457-8-9 Colmai\ BuUding: *
215 banSOHie street Telephone Miin 2437 WALTER/ J. BALL,
Jt Telephone Private Exchange 68 j* Manager.
i\Tv yf V"* A IV]- *wt JilAKllNu....
V ULvAIX AND REFRIGERATING MACHINES
References-©OO MACHINES in Operation
Claussen Brewing Association. SeatUeW^h.^ A^l-^c^»to^^^ Agd^ojL^
-Th*. MMon Kefrlgcratitig Machine h««b«w in consumt t , flnd Valv and we KDslder them one O f the best flt-
use lor two years without costing ue any expense for repairs. tings on the market." :^ ;\u25a0
Nevada Meat Co., Reno, Nevada. • v ..^^, r . — .\u25a0^^_,.- y^^- y^_ „„,.„..„ v _ OT _
hi; te n with any Eastern Machine on the market. •; . -I «JJ . .- '*£&
Colmnbia Brewing Co., Tacoma, WaJ. h'\u25a0 -I - ;^» - ;
-v > firmly believe there is n<r machine bettw than the \ \u25a0 , | %\u25a0>»••.-"- -' \u25a0 -
Ashland Ice and Storage C^Ashland^C^r.^ . j : £ 'jj^^!^^^^^^^ff^^g^^^^:i
binatlon* Ice ani *Ke,'rlgfratir.ff Plant— Plate Proc«aa." I'- f^S^SS^g^j^^^^^^^^^^mMm^^mmm^lil^ffMM
Ammonia Piping. Flttlngr*, Valves, Condenser Coll., t^*~ | *" "
Mineral Wool, Inftuladn* Paper, Calclnm Chloride. ... , ._ 'I
gte VULGAN IRON WORKS s-^s -^-
Am«-fli-an Woman Ha» Slav Secret*.
I/*«DOrc, Dec. 16. — Mrs. Chauncey
gave » big dinner party on Wednesday
at her houee in Hertford street for
tbe royal dance at Mrs. Van Raalte's,
also for the amusement of Count
Benckendorff, the Russian Embassador,
vrl** whom she Is very t rieodly. In-
deed, friends say this pretty American
woman Is almost as well up in Russian
political secrets as- the Embassador
himself. At this. party were the Mar
quis of Granby, Mr. and Mr«. Asqulth,
Sir Ernest Cassel and >Mr.' Van Alen.
Mrs Chauncey has been asked by. Lord
and'Lady.Saville and Earl and Counteos
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALTJ; SUNDAY, DECEMBER : IT, 1905.
Fitzwilllam to Join their yuletide gath
erings.
The latest theory In regard to seasick
ness is that it is a nervous , trouble; which
can ; be cured; by ia few 'drops of I tincture
of atr'ophlne in one of the eyes, or by sim
ply putting a bandage" over one eyo^: \u25a0"-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
WOLCOTT SAYS M IN ERS
WILL BE ASSISTED.
Director of; Survey Is
Ready to Give;* Aid
• to States. V
Terms of Van Duzers
Mining Department
Bill Given.
Charles D. Wolcott, director j of the
United States Geological Survey,
nounces that the Geological Survey ex
presses its -willingness to co-operate with
miners and with States on all proper
occasions and instances the extent to
which such co-operation has already ex
tended. Some of the statements of more
than common interest to miners are
reproduced herewith. , . _
. - \u0084 „ 9 - \u25a0
This year the survey is giving effective as
sistance to mining by ths preparation of topo
graphical base maps, areal geological maps,
detailed economic geological maps of mining
districts, with descriptive text, studies result
ing in monographic reports on mining dstriots
to solve the fundamental problems of ore oc
currence and deposition, reconnoissance work
and reports on new mining districts, statistics
of mineral production. Inspections and reports
on current development of mining districts
and investigations that are beyond the power
of the individual or corporation relating to the
economic utilization of natural resurces, such
as coal and cements. ,^ -,.-;.-.
Co-operation In topographic work is now
carriedon with California, Illinois Kentucky.
Maine .Maryland. Michigan, New Tork, North
Carolina, Ohio Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsyl
vania and West Virginia. The appropriations
made by the States for co-operative surveys
in topography are used chiefly for actual Held
work in which are Included the salaries of
temporary employes, who are usually residents
of the State, and for the living and traveling
expenses of the field force. It may be used for
paying office salaries only bo far as it is neo
essary to equalize the expenses of both parties
to the co-operation.
The survey is engaged in co-operative work
in geology with the States of Maine, New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia.-
North Carolina. Alabama, Missouri and Wash
ington. The form of co-operation varies wide
ly. In some States, as Maine and Pennsyl
vania an appropriation is made by the State
and Dlaced in the hands of commissioners
who are authorized to arrange for co-operation
with the Federal Survey. An amount equal
to the State appropriation is allotted by the
Federal Survey and the work is done entirely
by the organization. By this form of
co-operation the funds available for expendi
ture on geologic wcrk within the State are
doubled and the representatives of the State
Indicate the order in which various geological
problems in the various parts of the State
shall be > investigated. . .;,CV
VAN UUZER'S MEASURE.
Congressman Van Duzer of Nevada has
a bill to provide for the establishment of
a National Department of Mines and
Mining, which will'be introduced in Con
gress at the present session. The leading
provisions- of the bill are that there shall
be a secretary to be appointed by. the
President, to have a; salary of $8000 a
year;., an assistant secretary at $4000 a
year; that there shall be in the depart
ment a bureau for the collection of sta
tistics relating to mining and for the
dissemination of useful information re
lating to., mines and mining;, transferring
the office of the director of the Geological
Survey from the jurisdiction of, the In
terior Department to the supervision of
the Department of Mines and Mining.
The following section gives more insight
into the ecope of the bill: -
Section 3— That the said Department of Mines
and Mining shall have general Jurisdiction over
all the matters pertaining to mines and min
ing industries and the Geological Survey and
over all the matters committed to any of the
bureaus, \u25a0'• offices, departments or ' branches of
the public service by this act transferred from
other executive departments of the Govern
ment to the aaid Department of Mines and
Mining as fully as the same Is now possessed
by any of the said bureaus offices, depart
ments or branches of the public service from
whence the same is co transferred, and that
the official records and papers now on -file in
and relating to the business -of any such bu
reau office department or branch of the pub
lic service, in this act transferred to the De
partment of Mines and Mining, together with
the furniture now in use In such bureau, office,
department or branch, of the public- servlco,
shall bo and is hereby transferred to the De
partment of Mines and Mining.
The Redding Searchlight tells of the
work In Trinity County, where Horton
has been investigating, with a view to
dredging for gold:
D Horton of Browns Valley has completed
the task of prospecting with a Keystone driller
400 acres of placer ground on the Heurteyant
place down the river. Two drillers were -in
operation most of the time since September.
The Keystone that was brought down from
Trinity Center was set to work on September
20 and the second driller was started up on
September 30. Now that the work la . com
pleted the eecond driller has been shipped back
to Butte County, its destination being Pa
lermo.
Th« area prospected was COO yards long from
east to west and 300 yards from north to south.
The Trinity River flows westerly through the
atrip. Sixty-nine holes were bored, their
depth varying from twenty to forty- six feet.
The holes are six Inches In diameter. Prospects
were taken every foot and a half. The aurifer
ous eand was panned out In the usual manner
and a careful record of each was kept. These
records will be referred to Pierre Bouery upon
his return this month rrom France. Upon
his decision will depend whether the ground
of the Valdor Company will -pay to work by
the dredger process. Mr. Bouery Is trustee for
the Valdor Company or tTie Heurtevant Inter
ests Little or no hydraulicking has been done
on the Heurtevant mine since the murder or
the owner, Francis Heurtevant.
The old Ball mine in Sisklyou County
will be reopened. Supplies for six months
have been sent to the mine/The prop
erty has been idle something like two
years, owing to litigation. It is in the
Salmon district. .Formerly it was owned
by the Yreka Mill and Mining Company.
The principal parties concerned were resi
dents of Ohio. ; -
Concerning work in Sisklyou County
in general, the Yreka Journal reports :
» t Fabrlclus and others are cons true ting
a large reservoir at Little Humbug for th«
company recently bonding, all the on
that etream for storing water to be used in
hydraulic piping, against the creek banks. Lit
tle Humbug is. a rich ,gold creek, but dry
most of the year, hence tlje effort" to raise
the bedrock water for steam power piping.
The Treka Creek dredger la kept running
constantly day and night, but the water in
the creek Is getting low.
The Shasta Courier reports the. bond
ing of the. Greenhorn claims in , the
French Gulch . region. . The account is, in
part, as follows: t
The French Gulch district, co long known
for its gold production, carries also many pay
ing • copper propositions. Nothing, though, . on
a large scale \u25a0 has so • far • been done -\u25a0 to •; the
west of Keswlck with the baser of metals. A
deal completed within the • past \u25a0 few . days,"
however, promises much for. that district.' The
Greenhorn group, which consists of six claims,
about 120 acres, and located', near French
Gulch,' has been bonded . to J. ;B. Keating,
general manager of the Bully Hill Mining
and Smelting. Company. .The deal is made by
the able copper operator, on his own account
and' has nothing ;to do with his -official "con
nection " with ' the well-known ; producer .at
Delamar. I . '»• 2 ; . > ; ..
The claims referred to . are owned by ; the
Warren Brothers : ' of , Mlllville, - who bonded
them to ' John Cannon, and -he has now re
bonded to Mr. Keating. ' ' It \u25a0Is \u25a0 the latter** ; In
tention.; to immediately "commence active work
on the property. - / . , . ';
: The commencement v of operations .on I the
copper belt bo ; far: to the west; of the famous
Iron Mountain group," which . has j always been
the extreme western \u25a0 end of - energetic develop
ments in copaer, will be good news for lo
cators through that country, : who . have • long
hoped . for copper operators < to . Invest In' that
section.- \u25a0\u25a0.-.;;; : \u25a0.:...".;;\u25a0\u25a0.;>- v;
ORE RATES ARE REDUCED.
A matter! of considerable interest 'to*. the
miners of the newer districts ; in Nevada
is treated -by '\u25a0 the 'Goldfleld \u25a0 Sun, ~ which
makes the "l following : , report: . -
- The. long-talked-ofl' change j in the hauling
rates of ,- ore :to the " outside \ smelters f . has "at
last' come 'about..; Though .the reductions are
not very:KTeat,' : it 'is considered : a; step in 'the
right ' direction \u25a0 and; gives the mine owners of
Goldfield a chance to ship , ore profitably which
formerly could not be shipped except at a loss.
It 'la- thought that should any further changes
be necessary, \u25a0 Superlnteudent . .Tripp ot/ the
Tonopah and Goldaelds Railroad will listen to
a delegation of mine owners and agree to any
reasonable concessions. \u25a0 '
."• Under the old rates ores . in value from ?25
to $50 were 'hauled from Goldneld ito Mlna
for |4 v per ton. .Three -grades. of this ore are
now made." Ore not exceeding $30 per ton is
hauled - between • the S above I point 9 for : $2 10;
ore over $30 to $40. $2 80; ore over $40 to $50,
$3 20. .The rate to Salt Lake on $30 to $40 ore
is $5, and over $40 to $50 is' sB 75. • From To
nopah to Mlna, -the rates •on , the two first
grades -are 60 cents Der ton - less. - and on the
higher grades $120 per ton less.
It .is . claimed . that this reduction will en
able mine owners ' hereafter to ship $40 ore
profitably. The 1 , bulk of the ore shipped' out
of Tonopah is said not to exceed $40 per ton;
Those who are close at figuring claim that
the rate of this kind of ore to Salt Lake being
$7 80 per ton, with treatment and sampling at
$11, and mining. Backing and sorting at $6,
It brings 1 the total up :to~JJ2B, which' ehould
leave a margin of $15 profit. The larger mines
which it is , thought \u25a0 can easily average 300
tons per day are. thus open to make large prof
its, and will eventually' be In a position to
say dividends.
On ore over $00 to $100 the old rate from
Goldfield to Mlna was ?8 60, but it is now
$5 95. and on ore over $100 to $150 the old
rate was $7 35, and is now $6 SO. The claim
19 made that the present rate la les9 than
what it was formerly from Tonopah, when
thousands of tons were profitably shipped.
A revival in mining is now predicted in
many properties that have practically lain dor
mant for some t ime. "It is a well-known fact
that thousands of tons of ore have been lvinsr
sacked at many of the Goldfleld mines for
some months awaiting a' readjustment of the
rates, and in all probability these will now
be fihltrped and more miners will be put to
work before very long breaking more ore.
Should this occur, Goldfleld will experience a
repetition of the prosperous times when bo
many lessees were sacking and shipping ore a
little over a year ago.
ARE NOT HYDRAULICKING.
The Miner Transcript, published at
; Nevada City; under the caption .of j "no
1 hydraullcklng can go on at present,"
publishes the following: ' editorial, sum
mary of the conditions in Nevada
County:
Within the last <ew days the waters of the
Tuba River as they flow past Marysvllle have
been muddy. This ha's led the residents of
that city to fear that hydraulic mining is be
ing illegally carried on and the Democrat
voices this apprehension.
Lit ua assure the Democrat that physical
1 conditions In these hills and . mountains at
present absolutely prevent hydraulic mining,
legal or illegal, and the injunction of tbe
drought is tighter than" that of any court ever
in existence. With conditions such as now
obtain none of the monitors, even in the old
days, would have sufficient head to scatter a
feather bed.
The mills are silent and all the -water that
comes down the ditches is scarcely sufficient
for the domestic needs of Grass Valley and Ne
vada City. The mines are closed down.
The muddlness of . the river may have been
due to work on the . ditches. On Friday and
Saturday it was noted that the Middle Tuba,
on which there is no hydraullcklng, carried
some loam, and it la not improbable that some
ditch that was blocked broke and ground
sluiced down a hillside. But in that event, it
seems to us, all the debris would have been
kept back by the Government barrier below
Parks Bar bridge, and may it not be that the
trouble is closer to MaryßVllle than the bar
rier? May not a dredge have struck a streak
of mud? '
The Democrat speaks of illegal mining on
the Bear .River. - We know nothing about that,
but the recent heavy rain is ' more likely to
have washed down earth from the plowed
farms and j orchards, it would appear, than
that a hydraulic mine could be developed with
no head of water in the ditches. There are
many farms and orchards on that watershed. :
BAXK OP CALIFORNIA HELD IX
HIGH ESTEEM BY PEOPLE
Integrity and Safe and Progressive
Business Methods Have Broutrbt
'. the Old Institution. Prosperity.'
• "It's a. good old bank and the people
have confidence in it. It'll be here as
long as there is a San Francisco."
This was the tribute paid to the Bank
of California
man recently, 'and it expresses some of
the esteem, almost reaching veneration, \u25a0'.
in which this solid institution is held
by the people of this city and the en
tire West. The Bank of California is
certainly deserving of all the kind
words that can be said of it, for it has
been a rock of strength in the financial
world and a safeguard for a legion of
depositors and others who have done
their financial business with it.
The Bank of California was founded
in 1564. Associated with it have al
ways been men of the highest financial
sjtanding, of the safest business meth
ods and the keenest business acumen —
men whose names were an earnest of
integrity and stability — and from the
start inspired a confidence that nothing
could shake. As a result the Bank of
California progressed every year of its
existence, and with a rapidity that was
remarkable even in the rapidly grow
ing California metropolis. It has
reached, as the year 1906 is about to
begin, a height in the financial and
banking world, a position of wealth
and influence, that mark It as one of
the stanchest concerns of its kind in
'existence and give it a clientele that
• extends over, a wide range of business
and individual interests, all safeguard
ed by the Integrity of this solid insti
tution.
The magnitude of the Bank of Cali
fornia and its splendid financial stand
ing are shown by Its latest , statement,
issued last October, as follows:
ASSETS:,
Loans and discounts .....$25,314,373.00
Bank premises \u0084.. 250,000.00
Other real estate 867,311.55
Mdse. L-Cr. account. ...... 973,604.11
Sundry, stocks and bonds... 3,405,818.31
Government
bonds ......$ 625,650.00
Banks and
Bankers... 6,387,120.08
Money on
hand ...... 4,942,358.05 11,955,128.13
\ >42,766,235.10
LIABILITIES: ~
Capital paid in gold coin..* 4,000,000.00
Surplus and undivided
• .profits .9,661,833.00
Dividends unpaid ........ 192.00
Acceptances under Ls-Cr.. 1,065,509.94
Other liabilities 77.909.25
Due banks 1
and bank
ers .......$ 7,758,876.38 J- 27,960,790.91
Due other
depositors- 20,206,914.52 J,.
$42.766.235.10
The bank buys and sells foreign and
domestic exchange, makes telegraphic
transfers : of money on ' all points and
issues commercial and' travelers' let
ters of credit. available in all parts of
the -w0r1d.;.;.. - . \u25a0
The officers of the bank are: Homer
S. King, president;, Charles R.- Bishop,
vice-president; Frank B. ? Anderson,
vice-president; Irving F. • Moulton,
cashier; Sam H. Daniels, assistant
cashier; William R. Pentz, assistant
cashier; Arthur -L. Black, assistant
cashier; Allen -M. Clay, secretary;
James D. Ruggles, assistant secretary;
\u25a0 William Mackintosh, general manager
northern branches.
Portland— William, A. Macrae, mana
ger; James T. Burtchaell, . assistant
manager. \u0084- , \u25a0 ,
1 Tacoma — Samuel M. .Jackson, mana
ger* E ;J. Cooper, assistant manager.
' Seattle— Ernest C. Wagner, manager;
1 Geo" T S. White, assistant manager.
Virginia City, Nevada— John W. Eck-
I ley, ; agent^ -.;•...\u25a0 ___ -.; AM _ „„ --_
Directors— James ; M. \ Allen, attorney
at-law; Frank B. Anderson, vice-presi
dent; William Babcock, Parrott^ Co.;
Charles R. Bishop, - capitalist; Antoin*.
i Borel 'Ant.- Borel & Co., bank
ers; Warren D. Clark. Williams, v-bl
mond & Co.; Geo. E. Goodman, banker;
; Edward' W. Jlopkins, capitallst^Homer
S King,- president; John F. '.Merrill,
Holbrook,> Merrill & ; Stetson; « Jacob
Stern, Lev! Strauss & Co. ; Joseph S. To
bin attorney-at-law. . \u25a0'\u25a0 ..\u25a0 \u25a0 , \u25a0 \u25a0
The prosperity of the jßank of Cali
fornia has made a new home for it nec
essary, ' and \) the - magnificent building
with classic outlines that it is: soon to
occupy a full description. of which has
been given in The Call.; will be one of
the . ornaments J of- the city. ._
, The startling assertion that 70 per cent
of ; bakers'i laborers ; are with tu-_
berculosis iwas made' at T a '; recent ; meeting
of tho ; International \u25a0 Tuberculosis 7 Society
in j Paris * byi Dr.', , George ;: Petit,' who : be-"
lieves that ; bread ; is an ', Important; factor
in I the ' propagation of that disease/ •
Anglo-Camornmn BanK
Capital authorized $6,000,000
• Subscribed 3,000,000
Paid up 1,500.000
4 Reserve fund 900,000
N. B. CORNER PINB AND SANSOME STREETS
HEAD OFFICE — 18 Austin Friars, London. E. C.
AGENTS AT NEW TORK— J. &W. SEL.IGMAN & CO., 21 Broad St.
The Bank transacts a General Banking business, sells drafts,
makes telegraphic transfers and Issues letters of credit available
throughout the world, sends blls for collection, loans money, buys
md sells exchange and bullion.
MANAGERS:
IGN. STEINHART P.N. LILIENTHAL
J. FRIEDLANDER, CASHIER
OIL— WATER
We Manufacture
IRON PIPE
For Mining,. Irrigating, Power Plants and
Water Works
CASING
For Oil Wells and Artesian Water
W. W.MONTAGUE & CO.
San Francisco
CITY STREET
IMPROVEMENT
COMPANY
\u25a0.- . .
GENERAL
CONTRACTORS
MILLS BUILDING, FIFTH FLOOR '
.ROOMS 10, 11, 12 & 45. SAN FRANCISC9, CAL
TELEPHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 537
Refiners of Petroleum
II0& 1 V^^t f \u25a0 AND DEALERS IN
I iCYUiSDEnf #C ]J PENNSYLVANIA OILS
Wttv 1 OIL f t^/l LUBRICATING OILS and
%K!~^*Vy GREASES
N^J^^p^ , MARINE ENGINE OILS %
— — I ANIMAL OIL
BOILER COMPOUND, ASPHALTUM
VEGETABLE OIL
LINSEED OIL FISH OIL
DISTILLATES and PARAFFINE WAX
King Keystone Oil Co.
206 CALIFORNIA. STREET
Telephone - MAIN 1786
I A DROP OF INK MAKES MILLIONS THINK j
*y< ' ' \u25a0 ', :
*'?>..,/.\u25a0 * '•
|l|' 2000 NEWSPAPERS ARE PRINTED WITH OUR INK. ;
>!; : ~'~'' '' ;' TVE MAKE 10.000 I^BS. OF PRIXTIXG EVK PER DAT. ',']
I Klalifornia Ink Company 1
<\ \u25a0\u25a0..-\u25a0 \u25a0.-..\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0 -. \u25a0 - <!
7 " ' " • ' '
2 3lßnnfact«rer* of 2
]| PRINTING AND LiTHO. INK. \
i " MAIN OFFICE— 4IS Commercial Sti San Francisco. \u25a0 ii:
]; .' BRANCH OFFICES: ]|l '
! SAN FRA> r CISCO, NEW YORK, . CHICAGO, ft
I -.-.LOS ANGELES, SEATTLE. PORTLAND, M
I HONOLULU, H. 1., MELBOURNE. Aast N SYDNEY, Anrt-- >'<
7 CITY OF 3IEXICO, COLOMBO. Ceylon, SHANGHAI. China. i
S TOKIO. Japan, OSAKA. Japan. MAZ.ITLAN.Mes. V
i i HONGKONG, China, .... >
i , '-'FACTORIES — San Francisco and West Berkeley. '\u25a0
5152
California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, \u2666\u2666
Interest paid on deposits, subject to
check, at the rate°of two per cent per
annum • • • • • \u2666 • : *
Interest paid on savings deposits at the
rate of three and six-tenths per cent
per annum . .. •
Trusts executed. We are author-
ized to act zs the guardian of estates
and the executor of wills . . .
Safe deposit boxes rented at $5.00 per
annum and upward • . .
Capital and Surplus - - $3,055,840,60
Total Assets - - - - $10,348,016.81
OFFICES:
Col California & Montgomery Sts-
SAFE DEPOSIT BLDG., SAN FRANCISCO.
Business Offices at 421 Powell Street
We have been doing a large amount of construction
wc~k during the past year. In districts where mains are laid
have been supplying gas to a constantly increasing num-
ber of customers.
We are legitimate competitors for business and were
the first company to voluntarily lower the price of gas to
75 cents per iooo cubic feet.
This company is in no way connected with the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Co. or the recent combine.
We have a uniform rate of 75 cents per iooo cubic feet,
which rate will never be exceeded. We guarantee good ser-
vice and courteous treatment, and also to furnish a su-
perior gas.
jTdEERE IMPLISNT^Tf
I SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ii: OFFICE WAREHOUSE i;
I 25 to 31 Bluxome St. 318-324 Townsend. |
II i ' Exporttrt and Dealers in \
| Agricultural Implements
j lit- Buggies and Wagons |
i DEERE VEHICLES ARE ALL RIGHT
: A Complete Stock of ;
\u25a0 '\u25a0 #oba D»rr# Flaws , Sehnttler Wagon j ;
; Deeve Disc Harrawi Deerfnar 3loirera aad ' '.
! ; Bacfceye Drill* Deere AH Hlght Vehicles' ]
' ! Kmptr* Cremm Separators R. A V. Ga» Engine* , ' J ;
| I CARRIED IN SAN FRANCISCO. i :
|; CABLB ADDBEFJ: TELEPHONE ;
; ; Dffrr, Sam Franrlnco. Private Ex. 280. ' ?>
\ Te'ephcne Main 5531 |
Win. F. Wilson Co. |
I PLUMBING |
| Fine Plumbing Material a
I latest Sanitary Appliances i|!
Steam Keating and Ventilation ||;
: 328-330 Stockton St |:j
i . SAN FRANCISCO. jj"
•: REDWOOD AND PIiVE i :
I LUMBER I ;
:|; Railroad TicsJ till
|;| Sawn Redwood Poles* ;\u25a0
•| A FULL LINE OF HOLDINGS v !
; j AXD IXSIDE. FINISH CON- !|
|;J STANTLY ON HAND. \u25a0',]',
; ; SPECIAL PATTERNS RUN TO ', \ !
; > ORDER ON SHORT NOTICE. >'<]',
; Z Trlrphonr Private ExcbaoKe 624. $ !
|| == CityOfflceK 4===J>
| Crocker Blcig. |
THE SAN/FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1905.
DUCHESS OF SOMERSET TAKES
STAND AGAINST FAIRY TALES.
WOULD HAVE CAESAR, READ TO TOTS
ENGLISH PEERBS© WHO BELIEVES THAT FAIRY TALES SHOULD NOT BE
READ TO CHILDREN AND WOULD SUBSTITUTE SUCH LITERATURE ' A 9
"CAESAR'S COMMENTARIES^ IN THEIR., PLACE. •
Special Dispatch to -The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 16. — It makes a big
difference who says a thing. If in the
days when the Duchess of Somerset
was plain Misg Susan- Mackinnon. she
hafi expressed the opinion that fairy
tales are. undesirable .' reading for
juvenile minds nobody would have at
tached any weight, to her views on the
subject. But .when recently as "her
grace," she: walked Into the parish
school at Maiden Bradley,' in Wiltshire,
near her own stately residence, and find
ing one of the teachers" reading "Beauty,
and • the Beast" -to a, class •of children,
expressed the opinion that they could
get no good from such stories, and that
the biography of Julius Caesar would
constitute a far better mental diet for
them, all England heard of it next day.
It started a big pow-wow and several
titled dames with literary reputations
have entered the lists on behalf of
"Cinderella," "Jack and the Bean
Btalk," , "Pusb .in Boots," and similar
myths beloved of ohlldhood. Con
spicuous among them have been the
Duchess of Buckingham and Chandos.
the Duchess of Sutherland and the
Countess of Warwick.
The last named maintains that.fairy
taleß like the "Sleeping Beauty" are
not nonsense j but convey : moral lessons
of great value In training j youngsters
to appreciate virtue and heroism and to
despise vice and villainy. So far the
fairies have had by far the best of the
battle and there seems to be no danger,
that the children * ' will; have : Julius
Caesar's sanguinary exploits crammed
down their 1 throats in lieu" of the
doughty deeds of "Jack the Giant
Killer," despite \u25a0 the - faot .that the
Duchess of Somerset has laid her in
dictment of the fairies before the Boarfl
of Managers.. .;,,••;..
It seems- strange that of .all people she
should have broken a, lance against the
fairy folk. In her: veins runs , the, ro-f
mantlo blood of the chiefs of the. Western
Isles, , the very bulwark and • fringe of
fairyland. - Her ancestor/ liachlan Mor
(big.. Lachlah),* chief .* of Mackinnon, the
redoubtable enemy of the ;iord - ; of 'the
isles, when atlast^ove,rcome lnTthe field
retired'; to one -'of his i Skye.' fastnesses,
where' he devoted himself to dealings so
terrible arid studies so -weird j that jno man
In the west ; dared jso j much : as 'to • lift t a
finger 'agalhst'him. ' ,/\u25a0'\u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0 "*
- For .ten; years . subsequent _to .her?hus
band's. succession ;. to I the. dukedom,^ in
1894, her Grace of Somerset held the proud
position of .premier : English " Duchess and
ranked as; such Un' the- "coronation \u25a0\u25a0 year,
1902. ,The marriage of ,the ; widowed ; Duke,
of .Norfolk to;hls 'cousin two' years;later
of-course deprlvedtie Duchess of; Some
rse t"of" of ' that-r precedence,: though ! she";still
ranks but two degrees below the ladies , of
the'.blbod royal of England. ~ 'j/ • X :•
' She'and her .husband: were; for the -first
seventeen \u25a0 years of y/thelr ; married i life
merely - Mr. \u25a0 and ;Mrs."i Algernon St. ' Maur
and! lived' a- simple though (rather adven
turous-life;? traveling a great deal- in! wild
and ' out-of-the-way,; countries,' where they
often had to rough it considerably. She
recorded her experiences in •. an interest- 5
ing book called "Th© Impressions of a
Tenderfoot."
The Duke and Duchess ; are not among
the wealthiest members . of *; their". order,
but they do much • hospitable ' and i stately
entertaining, both In the country i and ; at
their town house in , Grosvenor ; square,
where the \u25a0 Duchees 1 musical •• parties are
always among the most ; interesting func
tions /of . the " season. :"\u25a0, She i is .an '; accom.-;
plished linguist and-rwhlch ; seems sin
gular In. view of her objections tofairles^
ls noted \as one i of ', tne j • best ; tftligrf; qj
Scotch stories in. England. She is devoted
to outdoor life and. spends , a portion of
each summer with her husband. on their
yacht, the Caprice. . \u0084 . c?",-j
Perhaps her heretical views, concerning
fairies' may be in. a measure . attributed
to the fact that she has no children of
her own. She is everywhere, acknowl
edged to be a clever and charmlng.woman.
k California Cement for California Builders
\u0084-"\u25a0 , jt4rj!sG*^ Hfigi H(h "^^aja P»f JUS* JySjaj^
111 l wttm Br sßW^r *W/tlk ft. s& ?S JUff^FftW M • %M&fiL. IUI
Genera! Sales Agents: W ESTERN FU E U
COMMON SEA WATER USED
: AS] A CURE IX FRANCE
Interesting •\u25a0 Dlico verles Made by Rene
, Qninton, a Young Bac-
terlologist.
FARIS, Dec. 16.'— The popular belief
In the curative and constructive efH
tacy of sea water Is confirmed by the
researches of the youngr bacteriologist,
Rene Qulnton, who has |discovered that
in all superior ' forms of animal life,
man included, the liquid in which all
the Internal organs ' are perpetually ;
bathed is chemically if enttcal with sea
water slightly diluted. He deduces from
this that animal life was first formed
in the sea. Even animals habituated to
fresh water contain" as a necessity of
llf e e»a water from which they ( are
first nourished and vitalised.
The peculiar power of sea water is
derived from the fact that It practi
cally contains every chemical element
known, from gold to potassium.. The
animal organism is a sort of sea water
aquarium In motion, and disorder or
feebleness in the organs may mean
simply that the aquarium liquid is be
neath 'the proper strength or improp
erly proportioned. - Children are espe
cially susceptible, and at the Maternity
Hospital the premature or weakly are
soon brought to sturdy health by treat
ment with sea water, administered
either as a draught or by cutaneous in
jection. \, ......
WELLS FARGO NEVADA
NATIONAL BANK AS
SETS FORTY MILLIONS
Combined Institutions Make
One of the Strongest Fi-^
nancial Concerns in
. the World.
When two of the largest and most
prosperous banks of a great commer
cial city combine and become one insti
tution, the result is a concern of finan
cial size and solidity* that commands the
attention and confidence. of the business
world, and particularly of all of the
people that do business with banking
institutions. One of the principal finan
cial events of the last year in this city
and one of the most important banking
events of the West was the consolidation
of the Wells, Fargo & Co. Bank and the
Nevada National Bank under the title
of Wells Fargo Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. The consolidation waa
commented on in financial circles all
over the country.
Both banks have had a long and
prosperous history, that of Wells, Far
go.& Co. .dating from 1852 and that of
the Nevada from the bonanza times of
1875. when it was organized by Messrs.
Mackay, Fair, Flood and O'Brien in
order to handle with facility and safety
the vast wealth that was flowing in
from .the mines of the Comstock lode.
Isaias W. Hellman, the president of
the Nevada National, arranged- the con
solidation and is the president of Wells
Fargo Nevada National Bank. Mr.
Hellman is so well known in financial
circles hero and throughout the United
States that his, name is a tower of
strength. He is recognized all over the
country as one of its ablest and, most
successful financiers. •
Wells Fargo Nevada National Bank
has a capital paid up of $6,000,000 and
a surplus of $3,500,000. The total as
sets* reach the enormous amount of
$40,072,870 32, as shown by its last
statement to the Comptroller, dated
November 9, 1905. Sound and progres
sive in its methods, it is abreast of the
times in all requirements of the bank
ing business. While particularly iden
tified with the upbuilding of the indus
tries of the Pacific Coast its foreign
business is very large.
Wells Fargo Nevada National Bank "Is
now located at Montgomery and Pine
streets, |in -the quarters occupied by
the Nevada Bank before the consoli
dation. The directors and officers are:
Isaias W. Hellman, president; John F.
Bigelow, vice president; I. W. Hellman
Jr., vice president; F. L.. Llpman,.cash
ier;." George Grant, assistant cashier;
Frank B. King, assistant, cashier ; W.
McGavin, assistant cashier; John E.
Miles, assistant cashier; Henry F. Al
len, C. de Guigne, Dudley Evans, E. H.
Harrimnn. William Haas, William F.
Herrin,' Herbert E. Law, James L.
Flood, Clarence H. Mackay, Louis
Sloss, F. W. Van'Sicklen and' Robert
Watt.
A' custom-house' officer" at Yarmouth,
England, the other day saved the life of
a boy. who had got off a quay iryo the
sea, and found he was a 'boy whose life
he -had saved in a similar manner, twice
before.
-The way to Insure a good appetite In
very hot weather is, according to a Ger
man hygienic authority, to wear as light
clothing as possible.
Established 1863
Capital - - - - - - - $1,000,000
Cash assets, Dec. 1, 1905,
Fireproof Skyscrapers Fire Departments
Are' Not Always Fireproof Arc Not Always Reliable
THE FIREMAN'S FUND
With 5000 agents irT 5000 towns and cities, with
liabilities so -distributed that the destruction of any one
city or town can be met without passing a dividend,
Is Fireproofand Reliable
HOME OFFICE:
401 CALIFORNIA ST,, SAN FRANCISCO, GAL
OFFICFRS
WILUAM J. DUTTON. Preridenl. GEO. H. MENDELL, Jr.. Asst. Sec y.
BERNARD FAYMONVILLE. Vke-Pres. F. W. LOUGEE. Treasurer.
J. B. LEVISON. 2d V.-P. and Marine Sec ROBERT P. FABJ. General Agent
LOUIS WEINMANN. Secretary. WM. SEXTON. General Adjuster.
Ccntpfll DcDnrtmcnt
171 La Salle St. Chicago. 111.
Eastern Department Atlantic Marine Department
Mason Birildnw, Boston. Mass. 79-85 Wall Street. New York.
CHAS. W. KELLOGG. Manager. F. HERRMANN. Manager. , \
Southeastern Department European Marine Agency
Macon. Georgia. ~ '- I ComhilL E. CL. London.
EDGAR S. WILSON. Manager. JOSEPH HADLEY. Agent. ;;\u25a0_-
GENERAL AGENTS
BISHOP & CO.. Ter. HawaS. Honolulu. CASTLE BROS- WOLF & SONS.'
CHINA & JAPAN TRADING CO, Ltd.. Philippines. Manila.
Shanghai. China. SHEWAN-TOMES & CO.. Hong-
v..- , kong, China.
California pas
and Electric
Corporation
Offices : Rialto Building,
Sixt»h Floor Son Francisco.THE CALL IS PRiUTED WITH OUR METAL : : f
|PaciiicMetaiWorks
'•rvT^?' T JS& AN TIMO>TY. ZINC. ALU-
1 pim,^L BKMDTH. SOLDER AND.
• v£»2"Xv R °OFING PLATES, CAN- -
1 ™£vy>£P LDER A SPECIALTY. STER- j
q,?£££ E AXD LINOTYPE METAL,
- £££!£» COPPER AND SOLDERING
153=155-157-159 FIRST STREET
SAN FRAXCISCO.
» 73-ag XORTH SKCOXP. Portland. Or.
STEREOTYPE, fW £? T A t
ELECTROTYPE §£ IM L
AND LINOTYPE
W^V-riyir -^r\l 1 I flncorporated)
M . . I Mannfactorers and Dealers
c?£: M WRAPPING PAPER,
Sterling PAPFi? RAIT?
Manila KAKKK p a< J^
Lebanon Straw TWINES, ETC.
South Coast ' ~~ — \u25a0 \u25a0
Ho, 2 Manila 410-412-414 Sansome Street
— San Francisco, Clol.
Trlepbone Eicliance 352.
llnjrr and Seller 24.
m
: Importers of Staple and Fancy Dry Goods;
1 Manufacturers of Furnishing- Goods; Patentees
; and Sole Manufacturers
Best in the World •
Gloves, Suspenders, Laces, Ribbons, Dress Goods, Vel-'
vets, Silks, Flannels, Oil Cloths, Cottons, Linens, etc. Blank-
: ets, Calicoes, Umbrellas, Cutlery, Shawls, Notions, Smokers'
J Articles, Stationery, Underwear, Hosiery, White Goods.
; COR. SANSOME AND BUSH STS.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
I!!!! SPECIALTIES " ~ GOLD DREDGES I SPECIALTIES 1111?
- We are the largest makers of Gold Dredges in the world. We build and construct WSWM
&&£'s/$ Tnhnston Concen- our dredges complete in every detail and turn them over m perfect running order. T7«^j^«« &&<£s&&
**ipi~'fyfo. juiiu&tuii vuuusii ' • engines W^^W.
0&0& i ~~~ c record success of our dredges has been phenomenal. Their wonderful value* saving Catalogues and i|^S^
|lps|£; Mining Pumps qualities have put them in the first place in their field. ( —
j||| [ | RISDON IRON WORKS t^Scg l^ 1 SS^w | Jjjj|
THE SAN^FRANCISCO^GALIJ, • SUNDAY; DECEMBER 17,; 1905.
GRAFTERS ALSO
INFEST ENGLAND
Corniptiop. Known to Exist
iii the Politics of Great
Britain on a Big Scale
VOTES OPENLY BOUGHT
Worst Conditions Prevail in
the Seaport Towns and
Small Cities of Country
LONDON, Dec. 11.— English politicians
have always toasted that their elections
are less corrupt than those of America,
As a matter of fact, recent .evidence,
taken at various / elections in different
parts of England, proves that corruption
is Just as rampant in the British Isles as
anywhere else in the world.
The methods of influencing votes may
be slightly different in England; but tho
fact that widespread corruption exists
cannot be denied. The very stringent
Parliamentary measure known as the
corrupt practices act is practically a dead
letter; and its operation is so costly when
applied that it has little deterrent effect
on tho buying and selling of "the ballot
One of tha foremost election agents in
England, F. W. Galton, secretary of the
London Reform Union, a man who prob
ably knows more about electioneering
methods In England than - any one else,
when seen at his London office^ made the
following statement with reference to cor
ruption in English politics:
The recent charge of corruption at Yar
mouth, where some say a sy6tem worse- than
Tammany's prevnlis. Is undoubtedly true. 1
have attended hundreds of elections all over
England and I know personally that candi
dates on both sides use Illegal methods for ob
taining votes. It , Is a singular phenomenon
that there is more corruption In the English
seaport towns than elsewhere, and especially
in the small places. The reason why corrup
tion does not thrive so wen in, the larger town 3
is not because they are better, but because the
buying of votes would be too costly an item.
Our corrupt practices act is a very cumber
some thing, and any one who wishes to chal
lenge an election must first deposit $5000. Even
where it is known that almost open buying of
votes goes on it is not every one who Is willing
to raise the money to bring the case to trial.
Besides this $3000 the legal costs are enormous.
I remember when the election of Harry Marks
for St. Georges-ln-the-East (a large borough of
London) was challenged, not long ago, the legal
costs came to $35,000. though he was. finally
unseated.
One of the most recent cases was the unseat
ing of Dr. Rutherford Harris at Monmouth, in
Wales, which cost a lot or money, and another
case was that of Mr. barker' at Maldstone.
Mr. Barker's brother was cent to prison. He
had given money away in a cab to a number
of voters. t
I myself have often seen agents for candi
dates standing on the corners (or "just around
the corner" to be out or too public a place),
Jingling little bags of gold. The usual price
for an English vote is half a sovereign, about
$2 bO, though more than $25 is paid when
things are very close. Places like Dover,
Gravesend, Chatham, Coventry — as I said, most
seaport towne in England — are absolutely rot
ten. So much so that I could not act as an
elt-ctior. agent at any of them without fear of
lesing my reputation.
Even when a candidate knows he \u25a0 will be
defeated, it is often customary for him to buy
votes, give dinners and "treats" of various
kinds, in order to reduce his rival's majority
so that the defeated man will, have a better
chance next time. No matter how many bribes
a defeated candidate may have offered most
openly, no one ever prosecutes. It is only
when the candidate wins, and the other side
wishes to oust him, that the money is raised
to brine what we call a petition or a chal
lenge. Therefore, it might be said, one side
is as bad as another.
Corruption exists in the smaller places be-
TAILOR WHO HAS BECOME THE
MAYOR OF. A CITY IN. GREAT
- BRITAIN.
cause everybody knows everybody tint, \u25a0 and
when you hand a man his price, you know you
are safe — you know your •\u25a0 man; whereas In
larger places, you may not know Just who you
are dealing with, and you might accidentally
try to bribe a policeman,"" or an, opposition
party. It -Is not that the bigger places are
purer— far from! lt. Even In Liverpool, there
was a bis corruption case some time i ago
because the votes of a lot of aliens, who had
no legal right to go to the polls, were cast.
The election -was challenged, and the candi
date, at heavy cost running Into thousands of
pounds, \u25a0was unseated.
There are lots . of tips floating about at
every English election, and plenty ' of ' what 1
Americans call '•grafting" going on. The fact
that regular high-priced Judges are specially
appointed to take charge of these cases shows
that the thing exists. " »
I know personally hundreds or elections In
England where both candidates spent tons of
money, and the most open corruption went on
under the eyes^of anybody who cared to see It.
On the whole; I might say that an English
election is not one bit better or * purer than
an American one, only our methods are slight
ly different— perhaps. .
GEORGE GOODMAN
ARTIFICIAL STONE CO.
Mr. John Taubel, who for the past
fourteen years has had the management
and superintendency for George Good
man, is now general manager for the
George Goodman Artificial Stone Com
pany at 307 Montgomery street, under
the Nevada Block, where he is giving
the same careful supervision and atten
tion to t{ie carrying out of contracts as
heretofore under the old regime. •
TAILOR BECOMES
ENGLISH MAYOR
Battersea Selects Walter
; Kines/ Kniglit of Needle,
ito Preside Over Affairs
KING HIS CUSTOMER
New Magistrate Has Made
Clothes for Chamberlain
as Well as for Edward
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
LONDON, Dec. 16. — Since Battersea
eleoted John Burns, the washerwoman's
son and* labor leader, to Parliament,
triumphant democracy has done much
to break down conventional barriers to
political advancement in that once
rather fashionable district, but its lat
est achievement eclipses all others. It
has chosen a working tailor, "Walter
Rln.es, as its Mayor and chief citizen
for 1906. Mayor Rines claims to be
the first knight of the needle who has
ever attained to such high civic dig
nity In the municipal history of Great
Britain, and his . fellow .craftsmen
throughout the country ; are proud of
the distinction which his election con
fers upon them. - When congratulating
Rlnes upon his success, : John Burns
said that '< if Battersea possessed a
chimney sweep of the right stamp
who would- pledge his support to de
mocracy they would elect him Mayor
of Battersea for 1907.
Although Mayor Rines is a'.'xnllltant
democrat in \ politics,' he is "an aristo
crat in his trade and one would not be
surprised to learn that both' the King
and Joseph Chamberlain had congratu
lated him on his new 'won honor, for
in his time he has caused both of them
to be regarded as the best dressed
men in. England. :. .
\u25a0 "I have often," he said,: "helped to
transform .Mr. Chamberlain into a
model of sartorial - perfection, despite
the difficulties which his figure offers,
but that was before he 'became a po
litical turncoat." •
Like most workingmen who have risen
to prominence and positions of trust
among their fellows, the tailor-Mayor has
had his share of hard times. He has
tramped hundreds of miles in search of
work and has often been "dead . broke."
He tells a pathetic story of having once
had his pocket picked of the m'oneyxhe
had saved to pay his railway fare from
Manchester . to London, whither he was
going ' in , search of employment, $ and in
consequence he had to walk the entire
distance, which took him a week.
He no. longer t makes clothes for the
King, but is prouder of the fact that he
is responsible for. the blue Berge reefer
6uits of- the i "Battersea pet," as John
Burns is familiarly called. As Mayor of
Battersea he draws no pay and is proud
of this, too, because it shows he has not
sought the post for the sake of what he
gets out of it.
He Is now 40 years old, and despite his
sedentary . employment enjoys robust
health, which he attributes in no small
degree to j the fact that he has always
been a temperate man. He has two
brothers in New York who are engaged
In evangelistic work there, while a third
Is doing his best to make converts among '
the. miners of Montana. ' ,
Upon
This Edition
Is Printed Was
Manufactured
by the
Civilization Is said to have reduced the I
life of the horse, and at twenty-six the 1
domestic animal Is as old as though he
had lived thirty years in a free state.
5354
LINER LOADED
DESPITE RAIN
Manchuria Sails for the
orient With Many Passen
<?ers and a Heavy Cargo
OVEKDUE BARK ARKIVES
31 ac3lahon Comes Into Port
'Shortly After Her Rate Is
Kaised to ±0 Per Cent
.The Pacific Mail liner Manchuria,
Captain J. \\\ Saundt^rs in command,
sailed yesterday afternoon for the
Orient with fewer passengers than
usual, but with about all the cargo
she could accommodate. When It be
gan to rain in a business-like way on
Friday afternoon 1700 tons of freight
for the Manchuria stood pifed on the
wharf. Work was stopped and v more
than three hours lost in the rigging of
awningt. When work was resumed. it
proceeded slowly and it was feared that
either the liner's sailing would have to
be postponed or much of the freight
left on the wharf.
. Then the weather cleared. Additional
men were put on and under Captain
Wilson's personal supervision the work
was rushed to the limit of the men's
endurance. All night long the steve
dores toiled and by -10 o'clock ye&terday
morning the dock was clear. The Man
c-liuiia was loaded and she sailed three
boars later with more than Is, ooo tons
ot cargo stuwed away in her holds.
Among the passengers were some
prominent Honolulu people. K. Taka
hira. the Japanese Minister, who may
come back a full-ficdged Embassador,
is returning to Japan on the liner. Dr.
11. D. Hauxhurst. who is going to
Japan to join the Hongkong Maru as
surgreon, was another passenger. L. E.
Bemfss, who will come fiome on the
Hongkong- Maru as purser, also went
out «>n the Manchuria, accompanied by
his wife. In addition to these there
were business men. army and navy of
ficers, tourists and missionaries.
The Manchuria's passengers Included:
For Honolulu — Mrs. J. Andrade and
infanC E. S. Aldrich, Mrs. E. S. Aldrich,
Mrs. M. E. Alexander, Benno Batt, Miss
H. Kattelle. Mrs. C. H. Bebb, Miss J.
Berkley, Captain Alessandro Bodrero,
Miss A. M. Burettes, Mrs..H- D. Case, B.
Charles Mrs. B. Charles, Miss Alice
Charles. Miss Frances Charles, Miss
Gertrude Charles. Miss Grace Charles,
Orrin Charles. Robert Charles, C. M.
Cooke, Mrs. C. M. Cooke, Miss May
Damon, Mrs. S. M. Damon, P. H. Dodge,
Mrs. P. EL Dodge, Charles Duisenberg,
Miss A. W. Duisenberg:, Miss J. Fenton,
Mrs. Charles H. Oilman, Rev. J. W.
Hamilton; Mrs. J. W. Hamilton, daugh
ter and servant; E. R. Hendry, H. M.
yon Holt, Mrs. H. M. yon Holt and two
servants. Master Hermann yon Holt.
Miss Hilda yon Holt, Miss Katherine
yon Holt, Miss Mary yon Holt. Ronald
yon Holt, Miss Nora Holden, H. Holmes,
Dr. J. L,. Howard, J. H. Howland, Mrs.
H. A. Isenberg and two children, A. H.
Jackson. Mrs. A. Jaeger, Mrs. J. Jaeger,
Miss Alice Jones, Mrs. W. W. Joynes,
Miss J. de I^artigue, E. J. Lea, A. Lewis
Jr., James A. Low, Mrs. A. J. Lyon,,Mlss
<i. Macfarlane, Miss Alice Macfarlane,
Mrs. Walter Macfarlane, Mrs. S. H. Mal
lory. J. A. McCandles6,*Mrs. J. A. Mc-
Candless and son, J. T. McCrosson, J.
Mcl^atchie. Mrs. J. McLatchie. Miss S.
McLean. Mrs. Henry C McPike, Master
Grayson McPike, Miss Hazel McPike, E.
A. Mott-Smith, Mrs. E. A. Mott-Smith,
Miss Beatrice Parker, Miss Dorothy
Parker. James Parker, Miss Muriel Par
ker. Colonel Samuel Parker, Mrs. Sam
uel Parker, Miss L. B. Paty, S. Peiser,
Mrs. J. B. Rcily, Dr. F. E. Sawyer, Mrs.
J. A. Scott, Miss Helen Severance, Miss
Bessie Seybolt, Mrs. C. L. Seybolt, Miss
Rutli L. Seybolt, E. B. Shaw, Mrs. E.
B. Shaw, J. E. Simons, Mrs. J. E. Simons
and infant, Mrs. L. Singletary, Miss L.
IZ Sinseltary, J. Spalding, Mrs. J. Spald
ing, C. Stubcnbord, Mrs. C. Stubenbord,
Mi?s Violet Stubenbord, P. A. Swift,
Mrs. J. M. Thayer, Miss M. L. Thomas,
J. F. Tritch, Mrs. J. F. Tritch, Harold
Truscott, F. L. Waldron, Mrs. F. L.
Waldron, Miss Rosalind Waldron, Red
vei-6 Waldron, Stanley Waldron, Mrs.
Lizzie S. Webb, William Welnrich, Mrs.
Miss F. Yarrow, A. L. Young, Mrs. A.
L. Young.
Yokohama — George N. Armsby. Mrs.
George N. Armsby. G. A. Barclay, H. H.
Beers, L. E. Bemiss, Mrs. L. E. Bemiss,
Miss O. M. Blunt. Dr. Max Gatcke, Dr.
H. D. Hauxhurst, Rev. K. Hoshino. H.
F Howland, T. Ishizawa, S. Kasai, Mrs.
t ' K. Martin, S. Nozaki, A. H. Olmsted,
Mrs. A. H. Olmsted, Miss T. H. Olrasted,
11. OniFhi, A. Claude Pelly, W. Rascon,
Mrs. W. Rascon, Theo. Schwartz. Hon.
K. Tikahiri, K. Umeda.
Kobe— E. Behr. Mrs. E. Behr, Rev.
Harry H. Monroe.
Shanghai — Miss Ellen F. Bccbe, C. A.
Bowon. Mrs. M. Pennington. S. Sere
.l.renikow. Mrs. S. Serebrenikow. Mrs.
Moses Smith. Miss Flora Starr. Miss
Glacer T«and. Mrs. L. Wilson."
Hongkong — George E. Anderson,
Mrs. O. G. Benton. Miss- K. Brigham, j
Mrs. C. B. Brigham, G. P. Brodigah,
Mrs. B. Chancy, C. W. Chapin. Mrs. C.
W. Chapin, Mrs. C. Hayward, L. M.
Colin, Mrs. L. M. Cohn, Joseph L. Con
nor. Miss B. Dearborn. H. H. Dearborn,
Mrs. O. O. Denny, O. O. Denny, Miss
Anna W. Ericsson. Mrs. Lucile ML Gray
and child ani infant, Mrs. G. Haffner,
Miss H. K. Hedstrom, Benno Lipke,
Walter Mackay. Mrs. Walter Mackay
and son, E.. E. Milliken, Mrs. - Agnes
Murray and infant. Miss M. Peacefull,
Thomas Powers, Mrs. Thomas Powers,
Mrs. P. Sothern. H. E. Waite. George
C. Wt^mann, Miss I. E. Wendel, D. P.
Winkinson, Mrs. D. P. Wilkinson, S.,S.
Young.
Join at Honolulu — J. S. Parker, Mrs.
J. S. Parker, A. H. Briggs, Mrs. A. H.
Biigrss.
. Otrrdne Frrnob Bark Arrives.
M. A. Newell received a cablegram
yesterday morning- from London an
ncum-ing that the rate of reinsurance
on the Frenoh bark MacMahon had
bern advanced to. 40 per cent. About
ar. liour later the MacMahon herself
bobbed Into the field of Merchant Ex
change Observer Uyslop's glass and it
was all oft with the 40 per cent and
any further speculation. The Maclla
hon was 211 days coming to this port
from Swansea and It was the length
of passage and the fact that she was
loaded with coal that combined to
retake the insurance world anxious for
the vessel's safety. The British ship
Dumfriesshire, out 177 days from Leith
for Honolulu, was placed on the over
due list at 10 per cent. The
other overdues are Guoted as folio <vs:
River Indus, SO per cent; Mooltan, 40
per cent; Susanna, SO per cent.
steamship San Juan Reache* Port.
The Pacific Mail steamer San Juan ar
rived early yesterday morning from Pan
ama and way ports. She brought 456 tons
of cargo, treasure valued at $23,820 and
thirty passengers. The latter included fif
teen in tbe steerage, eight Chinese en
rout»: to the Orient and the following:
Frank I* Drew, C. B. Lastreth. F. S.
Holladay, George Ifatch, Antonio de la
Vesa and wife and Arthur E. Lewis.
Defiance to Make I.onjr Tow.
The Spreckels tug Defiance, Captain
Downey, left yesterday for__ Gaviota with
NfAVY TRANSPORT LAWTON*. WHICH RETURNED TO MARE ISLAND FOR
MINOR REPAIRS, BUT WHICH WILL COME DOWN FROM VALLEJO TO
DAY AND WILL SAIL TO-MORROW FOR THE ORIENT. |
the tank schooner Monterey in tow. At
Gaviota the Monterey's tanks will be
filled with fuel oil and the Defiance will
then tow her to Portland, where she will
discharge and be towed to Monterey. The
Defiance left here with enough coal to
last her to Portland, or for a trip of 1150
miles. Before the Defiance returns she
will have dragged her charge for nearly
2000 miles.
Snlla for the Isthmuft.
The Pacific Mail liner City of Panama
sailed yesterday afternoon for the isth
mus and way ports. She is small and not
particularly comfortable, but she carried
a full cargo and was crowded with pas
sengers.
Water Front Xotea.
The navy transport Lawton. which
started for sea the other day but re
turned to Mare Island for some minor
repairs, will probably come down from
the navy yard to-Oay and sail to-morrow
for Guam and Manila.
The Pacific Mail liner Korea, Captain
Seabury, is due to-day from the Orient.
The British steamer Plympton, which
towed the French bark Anne de Bretagne
into Montevideo, claims recompense un
der a guarantee of 100.000 francs. vThe
Plympton had the bark in tow for a
week. The Bretagne was bound from
Swansea for this port.
The Standard Oil steamer Appalachee
arrived late Friday night In ballast,
twenty-six days from Shanghai.
NEWS OF THE OCEA3V.
The French bark Mteh<?let and the British
ship St. Mungo are chartered for wheat from
Portland to Europe at 27s 6d and the Rus
sian ship Isabel Brown for the same business
aiK* vovaee at the same rate, with option of
Cape Town at 23s Od. All three vessels were
chartered Drior to arrival
The British ship Blythswood is chartered for
lumber from Portland to Haiphong dump
sum), and the British ship L*ngr<sal« for rail
road ties from Eureka to. Guayaquil at 41s 3d.
Exports for tbe Southern Coast.
TTie British steamer Cacique was cleared
yesterday for Valparaiso and way ports with
cargo laden at this pert,' valued at $22,732,
to be distributed as follows: For Cllpperton
Island. $3090; Peru. $16,642; Chile, $3000. The
following were the principal shipments:
To Cllpperton 151and— 19.433 ft lumber. 25.
000 shingles. 15.000 shakes, 1 launch. 10 crts
bricks. 33 pkgs hardware. 22 pkga furniture.
4 cs alcohol. 25 kegs nails. 4 bdls 5 bars Iron,
26 pkgs canned goods, 570 gals wine, 1 cs
whisky. S3 pkgs groceries and provisions, 21
crts potatoes, 5 crts onions, 3 cs olives, 8 pkgs
fresh fruits, 1 pkg machinery. 3 bbls lime, 2
bdls oars, 4 pkgs drugs. 3 cs coal oil.
To Peru— 236,864 ft lumber, 10,000 railroad
ties, 12S pkgs tank material. ' 100 cs coal oil,
400 kegs powder, -10 coops chickens, 10,479 Ibe
mait, (50 cs salmon, 3 cs canned soods, 51
gals wine.
To Chile — 30 tons pig lead.
\>yt York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. UJ.— On strong cables
the market opened firm and 8 to 10 points
up. with trading active. The shorts were
freo buyers and there was 6ome Investment
buying. It i s plainly seen that with all the
bearish news that many express Southern
planters are dictating prices and no doubt
will for the balance of the short crop. Ll\-er
pool cables Bhow a continued good undertone
there, the weather conditions in the cotton
belt continue unfavorable and so many large
local operators have lost so heavily In piaylng
the bear side till lately that there Is more
disposition to operate cautionsuly by this ele
ment and a better spot demand Is unques
tionably developed. The traders expect the
report of the National Glnners Monday noon.
Cotton futures opened steady. January.
11.66 c; February, ll.SOc; March. 11.96 c; May,
12.11 c; July, 12.19 c; August. 11.00 c; October,
ll.SOc bid.
Futures closed steady; December. 11.63 c;
January, ,11.72 c; February. 11.85 c; March,
12.02 c; April. J2.ottc; May, 12.16 c; June,
12.18 c; July. 12.22 c.
Spot cotton closed quiet: middling uplands,
11.20 c; middling gulf, 1 2. 45 c. Sales. 200 bales.
SHIPPING IXTEL.L.IGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
• .....:_.... . , December' 16.
Schr Rio liey. Ci angle, Hj hours from Gen
«reau Landing.
Stmr San Juan, Urry. 21 days from Ancon,
via Mazatlan 5 days 11 hours.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 36 hours from
Eureka. ,
Stmr Greenwood, Dorwln. 13 hours from
Bowens Landing, too rough to load.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 36 hours from San
Pedro.
CLEARED.
Saturday, December 16.
Stmr* Eureka, Gollghtly, Portland; master.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, Victoria, etc.; P C
6 S Co. \u25a0 ;.v '-.^>
Smtr Manchuria, Saunders, Hongkong, etc :
P M S S Co.
Stmr City of Panama, Sandberg Aneon.
etc.; P M S S Co.
Schr Monterey, Berg, Portland, via Gaviota;
Nat Oil &. Trans Co.
SAILED. i,~ V : V :>
Saturday. December 16.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nicolson. San Pedro, etc.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Preble, Seattle.
Fr bark Grande Duchess Olga, Herve, Ta
coma. • '
Schr Allen A. Hendrlckson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Jennl* Griffin. Gibson Bollnas
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BKLLINGHAM— Arrived Dec 15— Bktn Ben!
da. from San Pedro; bark Reaper, hence Dec 3
Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Rainier, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Dec 15— Bktn Ful
lerton, for Honolulu.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 15— Stmr San Pedro
hence Dec 14. • '
Sailed Dec 15— Bktn J L Eviston, for San
Die™o.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Valencia for
San Francisco. *\u0084. .;.,,.* ;
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 15— Stmr Buckman.
hence Dec 12.
Arrived Dec 16 — Schr Snow &. Burgess hence
Dec 3. \u25a0 <
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Acme,
bence Dec 14. . \u25a0\u25a0 : \u25a0
EVERETT — Arrived Dec 16 — Schr Mahu
kona. from' San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed in Dec 16 — Schr Albert
Meyer, from San Pedro, for Tacoma
POINT REYES— Passed Dec 16. 10 a m—
Stmr Francis H Lcggett. with Br ship Samar
itan In tow, from Kureka. for San Franclspn
EASTERN PORTS. '<- la co.
NORFOLK — Sailed Dec 15— Nor srtmr Trold
for Colon. - '
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU — Arrived Dec 15 — U S stmr Sat
urn, hence Dec 6; . stmr Xebraskan. hence
D«c 8. . V .
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 17. 1905.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. Aus.— ln port Dec 15— Schr
Kineo. for Honolulu.
GUAYAQUIL— SaiIed Nov 2T— Ger stmr
Memphis, for Hamburg.
Arrived Nov o— Nor stmr Tiger, hence Oct
20. ,
MOJl— Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Lyra, for Manila.
PORT PlRlE— Sailed Dec 4— Nor chip Lanc
ing-, for Baltimore, via Nehove.
PUNTA ARENAS— SaiIed Nov 30 — Ger Btmr
Ammon, for Hamburg.
CHAMPERIOO— Sailed Deo 9— Ger Btmr
Pentaur. for San Francisco.
ALGIERS— BaiIed Dec 2— Br stmr Sikh, for
New York.
3lemoranda.
Per stmr Greenwood — Charles Peters, pallor,
wag drowned at Bowens Landing December 15
whil^ launching a boat. ,
HAVRE. Dec. 15. — Montevideo reports that
Br stmr Plympton towed Fr bark Anne de Bre
tagne, from Swansea, for San Francisco, pre
viously reported at Montevideo as damaged,
for one week, and claimed a guarantee for
100.000 francs. .
FLUSHING, Dec. 15.— Report that Fr bark
Daniel. from Antwerp, for Puget Sound,
dragged her anchors was an error.
.Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
City Tcpeka.. Seattle ...:.' Dec. 17
H. 'Dollar San Pedro Dec. 17
Homer Portland & Astoria Dec. 17
Coronado Grays Harbor ......... Dec. 1 7
Reidar Oyster Harbor Dec. 17
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 17
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports. . . . . Dec. 17
Ssa Foam Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Dec. 17
Pomona HumbQldt Dec. 17
Norwood.,..- Grays Harbor , Dec. 17
Arctic..'....-. Humboldt:* :•.-.. .:.: Dec. 17
Breakwater. .. Coos 8ay...-..". Dec. 17
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 17
Korea China & Japan Dec. 17
Meteor Tacorwa Dec. 18
i 'Wellington..'. Oyster Harbor ........ Dec. 18
! laqua.- Willapa Harbor Dec. 18
' Rainier - . Seattle & Belllngham. . Dec. 1*
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Ports Dec. 18
Cascade Portland & Astoria Dec. 18
Jeanie •\u25a0• Portland & Astoria Dec. 19
South Bay. f. . Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 10
' Alameda Honolulu Dec. 19
1 Northland.... Portland & Astoria ... Dec. l'J
Chehalls San Pedro ....'. Dec. '20
Corona Humboldt Dec. 20
! Pentaur Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 20
Mariposa Tahiti Dec. 20
1 Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul... Dec. 20
Aurella Portland & Astoria Dec. 20
Senator Portland &• Astoria .:... Dec. 20
Centralla San Pedro Dec. 20
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Dec. 21
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 21
M F Plant.. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Dec. 21
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Dec. 21
S. Monica Grays Harbor.., Dec. 21
City Sydney.. New York via Aricon... Dec. 21
Coronado....* San Pedro Dec. 22
Elizabeth Cbqullle River" Dec. 22
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Dec. 22
Newburg Grays Harbor ..... . Dec. 24
Acme Willapa Harbor Dec. 24
G Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Dec. 24
North Fork.. Humboldt ..... Dec. 24
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Dec. 25
F Kllburn... Portland & Way Ports. Dec. 25
Ventura • Sydney & Way Ports.. Dec. 25
Queen Puget Sound Pts Dec. 27
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma '\u0084... Dec. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports .... Dec. 2S
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
December 17.
H. Dollar. . Seattle & Tacoma. 6pm Pier 20
Norwood... Los Angeles Ports. 10 ami Pier 2
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
\V. Kruger. Los Angeles Ports. 9 am|Pler: 2
December IS.' |
Homer Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 24
X. Fork... 1 Humboldt ..'. - 9 am Pier 20
Columbia.. Aetoria &, Portland 11 am Pier 24
December 10. I
Jeanie Los Angeles Ports. 5 pmjPicr ft
South Bay.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 27
Eureka Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 5
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports. 5 pmlPier 27
December 20. |. |
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor ... | Pier 2
Centralia.. . Grays Harbor ..... 2pm Pier 10
Sea Foam. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & "Way... 9 am|Pler 11
December -I. I
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pmlPier 2
Cascade . Astoria & Portland... |Pler 2
Slate Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPler »
Rainier...- Seattle &. Bel'ham. 2 pmlPier 10
.» • December 22. - [
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 2 pm|Pier 10
Corona Humboldt 1:30 pjPier 0
laqua Willapa Harbor ... 9 am|Pler 2
. December 23. ' • |
Porno Pt. Arena & Albioii 6 pm Pier 2
M. F. Plant Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu ....... 11 amJPier 7
City Para... N. Y. via Ancon... 12 mlPler 40
Senator Astoria & Portland 11 nmlPier 24
Aurella... •• Astoria & 'Portland! 5 pm|Pier 27
December 24. I .- |
Elizabeth.. 'Coquille River ....) 5 pmtPier 20
Coos Bay.. San Pedro &" Way.| 9 tmlPler 11
December : 26. I
"UmatiUa... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pier 9
December 27. -':>\u25a0> I
F. Kllburn. Portland & Way :'. 5 pm|Pier 27
FROM SEATTLE. ,'
.Steamer.- -Destination. .\u25a0\u25a0:'.'\u25a0-'-. Sails.
Jefferson...... Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 19
Cottage City. Skagway & way Ports. Dec. 23
Fara110n...... Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 23
0reg0n........ Valdez & Seward.. .... Dec. 25
Portland.. 'Cooks Inlet & Way.... Dec. 20
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and' Geodetic ; Survey—
t Tlme and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to . San . Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
, superintendent. " , -,'\u25a0•'" -.--., "-.-*•. \u25a0 -
NOTE — The high \u25a0 and low waters - occur ; at
the city front (Mission-street ' wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort, Point;- the height
of tide Is the. same at both places.
SUNDAY. DEC. 17.
Sunrises •"..••..'................. 7.19
Sun sets ....*.... .."....". ;.. ........... ..4-54
Moon riaaa : . . . . . . . . ... 10:28 p. m.
O jTlmel Tlmel . Time .. . Tlmel
& I -[ Ft. - r — Ft — — Ft. 1 Ft.'
.» (H W| L -Wl H W L>W| ; :.-- ;
17- 4:01 4.8 9:14 3.0 2:38 4.7 9:28 "08
18 4:47 6.0 10:28 2.6 3:55 - 4.3 10:25 'O9
19 5:»2 5.211:40 2.1 5:28 4.011:20 13
20 i 0:16 5.4 12:40 1.5 6:51 4.0.....; "
L.W --", H W L, W H-W • "
21 0:27 1.7 7:02 5.7 1:37 0.8 8:15 4 1
22 1:23 _2.0 .7:48 5.9 2:32 0.2 9:20 43
23 2:13 \ 2.31 8:33 6.1 3:24 —0.4 10:30 : 4.'s
NOTE — In the • above • exposition | of '. the | tldea
the early morning tides are: given In .the left
hand column 'and the successive ; tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as . to , time; tha
ROSTAND AGAIN
OUT OF FUNDS
Says He Has Decided to Have
His New Play Produced
in Order to Raise Money
PINERO'S LATEST DRAMA.
"His House in Order" Is Said
to Have for Its Theme a
Feud Between Two Women
LONDON, DEC. 11.— It appears that M.
Edmond Rostand is possesfced of the true
artistic temperament. When he has made
a lot of money he is cbntent, and does
not think seriously about making, any
more,' until the threatened exhaustion of
his available resources renders It abso
lutely imperative. This weakness of his
the author of "Cyrano de Bergerac" has
just confessed to a French interviewer,
the first who has ever made him "talk,"
apropos of Coquelln's coming production
of his new bird drama, "Chanteclair," of
which so much has already been written.
"I would much rather 'Chanteclair'
were not played at all," sajd Rostand,
"but I am in need of money and it is
five years since a new play of mine was
produced. When 'L'Aiglon* was given, it
was only because I had spent all the
money I made out of 'Cyrano,' and I am
parting from my new play only because
I have sauandered all I made out of
'L'Aiglon. 1 I have the mind of a gambler.
This is the second time that I have ruined
myself, and the sensation is delicious."
It seems that the dramatist Is "ruining
himself" this time by building, a house
"as big as a' town" near Cambo. The
rooms are being "Illustrated" by well
known artists.
Rostand doesn't share the popular opin
ion that "Cyrano" is his best play, but
says that "La Samaritalne" is the only
one of his works which he likes alto
gether. In his new work. "Chanteclair,"
the date of which has not been set defi
nitely, the animal and bird characters
will talk as In Aristophanes, and the ac
tion will be satiric Coquelln will play
the cock; his son, M. Jean Coquelin, a
big dog; M. Gallpaux, a black bird, and
Mme. Simone Le Bargy, a quail.
"T do not know what I myself think of
'Chanteclair,* " said Rostand, "and can
only wait; for the public opinion. I would
like to lose my manuscript at the bottom
of some chest, forget , it for several
months, take up something quite differ
ent, then one fine day, just by chance,
while rummaging among some old pa
pers, find it again. I should then read it,
not as an author, but in the spirit of a
mere spectator."
NEW PI.A Y BY PINERO.
On this side of the water at least
every scrap of information that can be
elicited regarding a new-Plnero play
is of the utmost moment, so there has
been much interest in a little piece of
news that the dramatist has allowed to
become public about his forthcoming:
drama for George Alexander. It seems
that.jlike "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray,"
the new play has a good deal ,to,do
with a feud between two women,* who
in this case are to be played by Irene
Vanbrugh and Beryl Faber, the wife of
Cosmo Hamilton. Mrs. Kendal once de
clared that Pinero knew women,, not
as the average man knows them, but
as they know themselves, and if the
dramatist can give* another Paula Tan
queray and Mrs. Cartel yon there is not
much' doubt as to his new play's suc
cess. It has been .named definitely "His
House In Order" and may be expected
early in January.
LONDON TO SEE BRIER BUSH.
Meanwhile, however, the St. James's,
which the Kehdals vacate this week, is
to be given up to the first London pro
duction of "Beside the Bonnie Brier
Bush." It is an odd ' thing that this
dramatization of lan Maclaren's book,
which proved so successful in the
United States, should have been so
long in getting before the footlights
here, but in compensation William Mol
lison promises a strong picture of
Drumtochty. This actor,, who is a
former member of Henry Irving's com
pany, will himself play the rugged old
kirk elder of Maclaren's stories, while
Henry Ainley, Lillian Braithwaite and
Frank Cooper will also be included in
an uncommonly strong cast.
"The Little Father of the Wilder
ness," by Lloyd Osbourne, Robert Louis
Stevenson's American stepson, pro
duced here at the Comedy Theater with
marked success this week, served to in
troduce to the field of legitimate drama
Huntley Wright, an actor who has al
ways been to England what Francis
Wilson, at the height of his fame, was
to the United States, even to the funny
little voice and the phenomenally lim
ber legs. Wright was surprisingly
sympathetic as Pere Marlotte, but much
less attractive in a wild German farce,
"The Mountain : Climber," which fol
lowed Lloyd Osbourne's piece. The
play, wittily adapted by Cosmo Hamil
ton, was the usual array of lies told
by '. a scapegrace, husband. It was
greeted with roars of laughter.
BISHOP OP LO3VDOX SAID
TO KNOW GOOD WINES
Objects When Bad Sherry Is Palmed
Oft on Hliu for Rare Old
3ladcira. /
LONDON. Dec. 16.— The Bishop of
London, who recently caused a sensa
tion ,by denouncing drunkenness among
the undergraduates at Oxford, sets' a
stern example of rigid abstinence from
intoxicants of all kinds at, banquests
and other -festive occasions. A story
now going round- may possibly account
for his temperate example. V '•' \u25a0
When a clergyman from a; distance
preached at v the Chapel • "Royal, " . St.
James, in - the days of the good old
Queen., it was customary / to place in
the vestry for his refreshment a bottle
of rare old Madeira, brought from the
royal cellars 1 ' of '; Buckingham Palace.
On one occasion Dr. Ingram, it was
long before he . became a : Bishop, was
the preacher and the customary bottle
was opened for- him. - A ; glassful was
poured. out and the reverend gentleman
put it to his. lips, but: promptly reject
ed the ; liquor^ with expressions of \u25a0 dis
gust, declaring emphatically that x it
was rankbad sherry.' Inquiries -being
made, it was. discovered- that the old
verger had been iin the habit of selling
the royal Madeira from; her Majesty's
cellars "and : : for if the
cheapest. sherry : he could buy. He at
tempted to justify, his • conduct by say
ing: thathe did not believe in wasting
good ; wine on - people .; who generally
were incapable' of appreciating it. 1
fourth time column Ogives , the last tide, of the
day, • except when there are bu'. : three tides, as
sometimes occurs. . The | heights given are Sin
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height,' and. then the number
given Is subtracted . from ; the ': depth ; given tby
the charts. . \u25a0 The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. ." V ;
Time Ball.
Branch Ilydrographlc i Offlce. ' U. S. N., Mer
-',,;'chants'' Exchange, « San ' Francisco Cal
Saturday, Dec.*: 16, 19C5: \u25a0 \u0084. ' . '
I ' The ; Time Ball 7on , the ; tower x of the Ferry
building' was dropped exactly, at noon to-day —
I. c.. : at noon of \ the 120 th - meridian,' or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. -. • J.< C. \u25a0' BURNETT, - •
--- - • ;• Lieutenant, U. , 5. ; N., In charge. -
WAR PRISONERS
BEING RETURNED
Japanese Captured by the
-'-Russians Pass Through
Berlin on Their Way Home
(mm KIND -TREATMENT
Chocolate and Cigarettes Are
Distributed Among 3len
by Order of the Kaiser
BERLIN, Dec. 16.— Emperor William's
adjutant, Lieutenant General yon Plessen,
met the Japanese prisoners of war who
are passing through Germany from Rus
sia this morning with *arge supplies of
chocolate and cigarettes, and for the of
ficers bouquets of chrysanthemums. There
were 1728 men and fifty-eight officers, and
they were touched by the Emperor's
thoughtfulness in giving them the first
opportunity of seeing the flower of their
native land. Besides Yon Plessen, Baron
yon Dem Knesebeck, master of ceremo
nies of the Empress and representative
of the German Red Cross, and the Japa
nese Minister and' his staff were at the
station and shook hands with the officers,
while grooms of the Emperor distributed
presents. The first train brought sixty
eight dangerously wounded and sick men
and five who died on the way here. The
prisoners Universally condemned the
treatment they had been subjected to in
Russia. They were interned in a country
village, without newspapers or cigarettes.
Thee rippled Japanese were confined in a
very small building and had to crawl
around unassisted.
After breakfast the trains with the pris
oners proceeded to Hamburg, where the
Japanese will embark on the steamers
Cambrpman and Vancouver.
Date Is Fixed for the AVcddlne.
MADRID. Dec. 16.— The marlage of
the Infanta Maria Teresa, second sister
of King Alfonso, to Prince Ferdinand
of Bavaria, has been officially fixed for
January 12. • The municipality of
Madrid has decided to participate in the
extensive festivities which have been
planned in honor of. the wedding.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 16.— Constable
Roderick of Alameda County, at the'
Ocean Shore Railroad construction camp
at Laguna Creek yesterday arrested
Frank Ferry, a laborer wanted In Niles
on a charge of betrayal.
DIT A W *$
•». w^^^ man who had
jd[7^-~JiQ£3& been deaf twenty
£jSj^^-«p£ years took one free
/tP l*??H^\l Electro -Che m i c
( « ' IflllllH treatment atu^ it
'\t^iiS^in nia<^ e him^ hear a
tksß*'F . Chera istry cures
long-standing cases of deafness and
ringing ears that the older methods of
treatment do not benefit. "
FREE TREATMENT
If you are deaf or if you have any
ear trouble come to us for a free ex-
amination, and if there is any hope for
you we will give you a free treatment.
This free offer is limited, so you had
best come at once.
ELECTRO-CHEMICINSTITUTE
. Third Floor. . .
Emma Sprockets Buildinc.'-
! 927 Market* Street,, S. F.
Office hours — 9 a. rri. to 5 p. m. and 7
to 8 p. m. dally; Sundays, 9 a. m. to 12 m.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers leave Piers 3
y^\V=-SS©\ and 11, San Francisco.
t4%1l For Ketchikan. Wraneel.
AJy'tl»»«l*l \«A\ Juaeau, Treadwell. Halne».
! I Vl^Mk 1 I Skagway, etc.. Alaska— U a.
I V XV&mS&J I m -. Dec - *. 6 - n - 16 > 21. 20.
\»V \\ " ~ Vtf' 81, -Jan. 5. Change to thla
\Vs2*_^y/y/ company'a steamers at Se-
attle.
- For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Ana-
cortes. South Bellingham. Bellingham — 11 a.
m., Dec 1. 6, 11. 16. 21, 26. 31. Jan. 6. Chans*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at .Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt % Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m. • Dec. 1. 7, 13. 19, 26. 31. Jan. 6. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Dec. 4. 10, 16, 22. 28. Jan. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. <
State of California, Thursdays, f> a. m.
f For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crua. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme —
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Dea. 8. 16, 24, Jan. 1.
Bonita. 9 a. m., Dec. 4. 12, 20. 28. Jan. 5.
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1006— Th»
palatial Alaska excursion steamship SPOKANE
will leave Tacoma, Seattle and .Victoria Juns
7, 21. July 5, 19, August 2.
For further information obtain folder. Right
19 reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Office— lo Market st.
i Oakland — 952 Broadway.
CD DUNANN. General Passenger Apent.
• ' ;; 10. Market St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
. ORIENTAL'S. S. CO.;
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets. lt|p. m., for Yokohama and
Hongkong, calling at Honolulu, Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with > 6tpamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on . day of sailing. -
S S. "America Maru." Monday, Jan. 20, 1900
S. S. "Nippon Maru." Tuesday. Feb. 20. , 1900
S.S. "Hongkong Maru." Thursday. Mar.15.J900
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. 1 .
For freight and passage apply at company's
office/seventh floor. Merchants' Exchange.
"WV H. AVERT. General A*ent.
S."S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Saturday, Dec.
23. 11 a. m. "3 -.
S S MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Dec. 28, 11 a. m.
S*' S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
| '\u25a0' land and Sydney, Thursday, Jan. 4, 2 p. , m." I
J/B. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., AgtS. Met 0!(ff643
Market. FreigM Offlce 327 Market St., Pier 7 Pacific St.
Campaffnle Generale Transatlantic
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every Thursday Instead of Kj&IZAJs*
Saturday .10 a. m.. • from Pier 42. \u0084"'*\u25a0
North River, foot of Morton st.
- First class to Havre.- $7O and upward. ' Sec-
ond class to i Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building),
New York. J.F. FUGAZI & CO., Paclilo Coast
Agents " 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket "Agents.
BAY AND WTERURBAN ROUTES.
VALLEJO and NAPA
IN a pa \Zetl ley R out©
Montlcello S.S. Cor -and Napa Valley Elec-
tric R. R^ Co.' "Close connections. . ;
6— ROUND TRIPS DAILY-ld,
'Boate leave San Francisco 7:00, *9:45 a. m.
12:30 n00n.' 3:15, i 6:00, S:3O : p.* m. " . |
\u25a0 • San - Francisco >* landing and \ office, . Pier '\u25a0 2, - j
foot lof Mission I St., one 'block south Market-st. j
Ferry. . Meals ala carte. » Phone ilata 150& I
•Land. Navy, Yard dlracV
I Until January Ist I
I We WHI Treat An^ Single Un- |
I U^~ W No Pay Unless Cured |
v 4 \_^^^^- '*r^ nrrit mmii nrrrn .In view of there being so many f|
1 J&IW « JL CDB SPECIAL Orf tK : afflicted wltt orlvate chrcnic M
Ml£o&3^^/J&&-+~. ««» an d mexperl«ne#d physicians without r^c-Mn? any X
i MH iSlr^Sr^^n-flt. we have decld-d to mak. a special offer to ehars^ «
i W£W~ y £k'V »M «ly one-half of our regular fee £or curißff those J»ho are W
m CSS^— -^P/^^s*. now undergoing treatment eisewhere and are uiwaUsfled. *j
N| r?Sr' HTy <: prO vided they com. to us befor« Januanr J-™*^ *?f? f £; B
El stance. If 70 m are afflict** with either Hytlrooale. Strictura- or *>**£>*• f •«" ?•\u25a0 *» M
H cfcarr* for ourin* «ith« oTwhlch without any complication-, U 125.C0 w, will guar- .
\u25a0 antee to cure you for $13.30, aad aco«pt th« money in any way you wlah t» w» M
a OWUI ajso cure C«otaglous Blood Poi^)n for $12.80. which tm put O* lJ 4 c J I '.,?*3^_ f^ X, ,
H Th« l!b«ral offer Uotd* t» «nahl» thoss to *• oured who !i»v.»«l 1^ ?
H doctoring without relUf and to show tha many who haT« tr*aMd wltb I ,'i oa ?" L™ V^k 1
Eg «!clans. without becsflt that we k*r» th» only methods that produce a llfa-ion« cur». *^a
M One methods arc un-to-dat« and «• •adoraed by th« al*h«*t medical If
9 antborlttea ot Europe aad Ajaerlotu Hcacc •«* \u25a0««««\u25a0• to tae tre«tme«« \u25a0
g of men's disease*. Hemtmt^, our apedalty la limited to the dtoe«»e« *t tl
\u25a0 JIE\, and ME!T OXLT. . * " ||
R PRTVATB DISEASES— Nawtr contracted aad earoale eaaea ctowd. AH +m*Bm. t|
EJ ' ' \u25a0 ltchlnc and Infljunmatloa stopped in 24 hoars t ears* •ffect*dja T day*- M
M "We cover the eattr* field mt vvtrata aad ehronlo. da«» laatod. e«m- A
H »Itcated dlseaaea. |1
I A LIFE-LONG CURE FOR I
M 9TRICTTTRE ' PILE* ANl> FIBTITUI> J**^ i
1 H \^R°I^CELE FROBTATIC DISEASES |
f| CHROXIO DISCHARGES KHJ3TE-Y AXD BUUDDEB DISEASES M
H WRITE, if you cannot caU. All corr»BporwJeac« atrtctly ooßfldeattal and afl fj- a
H piles sent In Dlain enrelopes. No came* caaes. letters or paotocxagas of p* J«nts sj
y published or exposed. Inclose 2-oent stamp to iaaurs reply. M
' Honn — 8 to 5. 7to 8 DaOrt Saadayt, •to 13. |
DR. HOLSMAN & CO. I
729 MARKET ST. (Top Floor), S. F. |
pH LIMITED
S^\. H S Chicago in Three Dajrs.
Sj^fcS asg^jgl^j with Dinen end Slscpct.
Santa Fe Trains
J:ZO a. m. 1 For Stockton. Merced. Fresno,
and } Hanford, Vlsalla, Bakersfleld
6:00 p. m. J and intermediate points.
0:30 a.m. — California Limited three- days to
Chicago every day. Direct con-
nection to Grand Canyon.
9:80 a. m. — Valley Limited, for Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno. Hanford, Visalla
and Bakersfleld and Pointa on
the Sierra Railway.
4:00 p. m. — For Stockton and intermediate
points.
8:00 p. m. — Overland Express, for Chicago.
Kansas City, Denver and Grand
Canyon.
TICKET OFFICES.
653 Market street San Francisco
Fvrry Depot .........San Francisco
1112 Broadway Oakland
27 South First street -San Jose
CALIFORNIA ' KttBTHWESTIRN'RY. COl
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Blarket Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 8:00 a. m.; 12:33. 3:30.
5:10 6:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30 a. m.; 12:39, 3:30. 0:10.
6:30 p. m.
SAJV RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEKS DAYS— 6:03. 7:33. 7:50. »:2O a, m.;
12:«S0. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. \u25a0
SUNDAYS— 6:O6. 8:00. 8:16. 9:40 a. m.: 3:4fc
4 : 50. 5:00. 6:20. 6:30 p.. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 8, 1905. I Ban Fran.
Week I Sun- J Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ( tlon. I days. [ Days.
7-30 a S-OOa. 9:10 a| 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignado. 1 2 : i?*| 1 2 :^n
7.07 .o 0 _ 9:10 a 8:40 a
7 8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:23 a
3:80p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:osp| «:20p
5:10 p 3:30 p and » :35 P
( 5:10 p Saata Rosa.
7 ., 0 a : 10:40 a 10:23 a
| 8:00 a Fulton. 7:30 p «:2Op
3:30 pi 3:30 p .
I Windsor ,' -I •
T :W af 8 :00 a Healdsburg 10:40 a 10:23 a
I Lytton »- ' . -1
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle 7:30p6:20p
{ J Cloverdale . I
7:3oa|B:ooa| Hopland |10:40 a! 10:23 a
3:30 p[ 3:Sop| and Uklah 1 7:30 pj 6:2") p
~ ~i ~1 Wllllta and j j
7:30 al 8:00 af Sherwood I 7:30 pf 8:20 p
_\u0084r t a . o. no ill 110:40 a|10:25 a
BJ3O Pi llsSpl Guernevlll. ,\ 7:30 pi 6:20 P
7-30 al 8-00 at Sonoma I 9:10 at 8:40 a,
bIiOdIsIiOpI Glen Ellen |6:00pt6:20p
7-30 al 8 -00 a ; 10:40 a' 10:23 a
:V-30p 3:30 p SebaatopoL 7:30p6:20p
5:10 P 5:10 P '
STAGES \u25a0 connect at Green Brae for Saa
Ouenttn: at Santa Ros a for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs* at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at GeyservtUo for Ska?g»
KTirinKS- at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon-
vtne and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncaa
Borings- Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carl»-
had Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Inrtng* and i Lako County Hot Springs; at
iTkiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lake* Laurel DeU Lake. Witter Sprinisl
liDDer Lake. Porno, Potter Valley. John Da^i;
Lierly'B. Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot Springs Half-
way House. Comptche, Hopkins. Mendocino
dtv. Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at WU-
ms for Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for
Fort Bragg. Cahto, Covelo, LaytonvHle. Cam-
mings. Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit-
land. Dyer. Garbervllle. Camp S. Pepperwood^
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday and Monday round- trip tickets at
reduced rates.
- On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
teyond San Rafael at half rates. /
Ticket office, 650 Market at.. Chronicle build-
ing.
JAS. AGLER, R. X RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa Agt.
a To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILLyALLEY,
CAZADERO] Etc.
VI « \u25a0«iwallt» Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
. Depart week days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept Sunday), 7:45. 8:25, 9:10. 9:50. l!:0O a m
12:20. 1:45. 8:15. 4:35. 5:15.5:50, «:30. 7:li!
9:00. 10:15 and 11:35 p. m. • •...:**•
.- For Fairfax, week days — 7:45 a. m.. 3-is
p.v,m.- dally, except Sunday; and 3:15 j p.- m.
Saturdays . only. ' Sundays - and i holidays 7;7 ;4 j"
8:10 a. m. . . , . " *
-THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way Btatlons
-3:16 p. m., Saturdays only, for Point Reyes
and way. : -•-
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
t.- '; : '.vuz bits' .=. r
Leave S. F. 9»0 a h 1:45 r it
Arrive S. F. 10:45 A M 2:55, 6.-2 i pm
;. . ' - \u25a0 SIIUIBIT 051T
Lv. 5.F. 4:35 pm Ar. S. F. IL-25 pm
BUSDIT3 ITO IKAL EOIIBAT3
Lv. S. F.8.-25,9»0,ll:00 am 1.45pm
Ar. S. F. 1:30, 2:55, 4^23. 6^2 pm
\u25a0S^L i 65< > Ma^cet ST.,(North Shoreßailroad)
H77ICS < and Sausauto Ferry, Foot Market St. »
RAILWAT TRAVEU '
Trains l«av« and »»• d«»
to arrive at
/k/4irl?W SAX FRANCISCO.
V V>^^V j 2"*°* D*CTM3SB 5. WOi P~
Fksrt Dxpot
XJPI^^ (Foot of Mar Set Street)
x.gAT«- MAIN LINE. -aebitb
7.00 a Eln-Jra, Vacavuie. winters. Ramsey 7.48p
7.00 a Richmond. Benlcla. Sacramento.
Suisunand Way Stations 7-23p
7.4oa Vallejo, Napa, CaUstoga. Santa
Rosa, Martinez, Ban Ramon 6.03?
7.4oAXlles, Pleasaatoa, Ltvermorf.
Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton 7>23p
8-COASbasta Express— (Via Darts),
\u25a0Williams, Willows, tFruto, Red
BluS. Portland. Tacoma. Seattle. 7.43=»
8-COADavls. Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysvUle. Orovtlle 7.431»
B.2oa Martinez. Antiocb. Byron, Tracy.
Stockton, Newman, Los Banoa.
Mendota. Armona, Hanford,. , ...
Vlsalla. Portenrllle \ 2"2 in
8-20APort Costa, Lathrop. Merced. Mo- ' *-* ttP
desto. Fresao. Haaford, Vlsalla,
Bakersfleld..., i 4.48?
B.4oa Niles, San Jose, Llvermore, Stock-
ton (tMlltoa), Valley Sprias.
lone, Sacramento, Plaeervllle,
Colfax. ilarjiville. Red 81uff .... 4-08P
8-40AOakdaIe. Chinese. Jamestown..
Sonora, Tuolumne and Angel*... 4 08p
9.00 a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 4-28 p
9 40a Richmond, Port Costa. Martinez
and Way Stations (tConcord) .. . 6.43P
10. 20 a Vallejo, Dally. Napa, Sunday only 7.43p
10.20a Los Angeles Pas senger— Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
Raymond, Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. Visalla,
Bakersneid, Loa Angeles 7-08 P
10-20A SI Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis and
Chicago 7*03?
11-OOAThe Overland Limited— Omaha,
Chicago. Denver, Kansas City... 5-48P
11.40ANUes, San Jose and Way Stations. 2.43p
tl-OOpSacramento River Steamers tiI. OOP
3-2OPPort Costa, Martinez.Byron.Tracy.
Modesto. Merced. Fresno 1203?
3.4oPBenlcia. Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland. . Knights Landing, .
Marysvllle and OrorlUe 10-48 A
3.40 P Hayward, Nile, and Way Stations 7.43 p
4.CoP Vallejo. Martinez. San Ramon,
Napa. Calistosca, Santa Eosa f 9.23 a
4.oopNlles, Tracy, Stockton, Lodl. ' 10-28 A
4.40 P Hayward. Niles. Irvlngton, San » tB.43j^ I
Jose. Llrermore ....} tii»4l*Y
B.OOPThe Owl Limited— Newman, Loa
; ~> Banos, Mendota, Fresno. Tulare,'
Baksrsfleld, Los Angeles. 8-43 a
6-OOPOolden SUte .Limited— El Paso,
Kansas City* St.- Louis and
Cnlcatro' ; '8.43 a
ra-20PHarward, Niles and San Jose.YT.Tf 7.08 a
i S.2OP Vallejo, Port i Co^tsA ßenlcla. Sal:
. sun. Sacramento .'«11.28a
I64)oP£astern Express— Omaha, Chicago.'
'Denver, Kansaa City, St. Louis,'
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento,v * —
»Reno, Sparks. Montello. Ogden ..» 12.48*
;€.2oPHayw»rd. Nile* and San Jose ...:.-*k 9.48 a
V7.OOPR«no Passenger— Port Costa, Be-
nlcla, Buisunr_Elmlra, Dtxon,*
lD«7ls,Sacramento, Spans. Tuno.
,_ _ Pan. Goldfleld and Kee1er........ 7.03 a'
'7.ooPValleJo. Crockett and Way- Sta-
tions. Sunday only 11.28 a
1 8-20 P Oregon A California Express— Sac->
ramento. Marysville, . Redding,]
y Portland. Puget Sound and East.' 8.48 a*
( a-COPHayward. Niles and San Jose (Sun--
dayonly) _ tll 48a
COAST LI N E (.Narrow Gango).. '
\u25a0 (Foot of Market Street.) p.
,8.15 Newark. Centervtlle. San Jose.- '
! Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa'
• Crnz and Way SUttom ' S-SSp!
12.15P2fewarlc, Centervllle. San Jose,
New Almaden, LosGatoa. Felton. '.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cnu and
Principal Way Stations fIO.SoA
' ' 4.lsp2Tewarfc, San Jose. Los Gatoa .... -| jjoffj
9-45pHunters Train —(Saturday only)*
San Joseand Way Stations 17.59P
r: COAST LINE (Uroail UauKe).
gy (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10 a Saa Jose ami Way Stations 6>3oi>
7.ooa San Jose and Way Stations.... «. 5.40P
8-OOANew Almaden (Tues., Fri.. only).. 4.109
8-00ATbe Coaster— San Jose. Salinas, - \
San Ardo, Paso lloblen, Santa
Margarita. San Lul* Obispo. v
Guadalupe. Gariota, Santa Bar- W-
bara, San BucnaTentura,Oxnard, l W
Burbank, Loa Angvles 1Q.30*
B.COA Gllroy, Uoiltßter. Pajaro, Castro-
Tllle, Del Monte, Paciflc Grove.
Surf. Lompoc 10-30*
9.00 a Saa Jose. Tres Pinos. Watsonville.
Capltola, Santa Cruz, Pacific
Grove. Salinas. Ban Luis Obispo
and Principal Way Station* 4.10P
10.30 a San Jose and Way Stations 1 .20p
11 -30 a Saa Jose and Way Stations 7 40P
2-1 5PSan Jose and Way Statlous S-38A
3 OuPDel Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose. Watsonville, Santa
. Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey
- Pacific Grove 12.15*
t3.QOP Los Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creole.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gance 10.43 a
3-30P South San Francisco, San Jose.
' Gllroy. HolHster, Tres Ptnos 10.45 a
4.3opSan Jose and Way Stations t7 55a
t5-00P Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos, t9 00A
J5-30pSanJose and Principal Way Stations 53-43 A
s.4spSunset Express— Redwood, San
Jose, Gllroy, Salinas, Paso
Robles, San Lu!s Obispo. Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Dcminjr,
El Paso, New Orleans". 9.10 a
5.45 PE! Paso, Kansaa City, St. Louis,
Chicago 9.13 a
s.4SpP»jaro, WatsonTllle. Capitola,
Santa Cruz. Castrovffle, Del
Monte. PadacGroTO.. 10-3CP
tB-15PSan Mateo, Beresford, Belmont.
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto ffMSA
G.3op San Jo»e and Way Stations 6.38 a
- 8-OOPPaIo Alto aud" Way Stations 10.15 a
11.30PSouthSanFraacl9co,MIUbrae,Bur-
lingsme, San Mateo, Belmont,
Ssn Carlos, Kcdwood, FalrOais, % »UM|
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9.45P
11.3flPSaturaaya only for Mayneld, Moun-
tain View. Sunny vale, Lawrence.
Santa Clara and San Jose .; " jg 4gp
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY —
« Foot of Market St)
t 7.16 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
'\u25a0\u25a0 1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5.15p.|3.* '
A for Morning. "P for Afternoon! TV*
tSunday exceptad. tSundayonlv. \u25a0 A^
ftMonday only. . "«^
{Dally, and stops as all stations on Sunday.
WBBfly CauTooifirYearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
JVall-strcct Stocks generally weaker. Cotton higher again. .
Fair average trading on the local Stock Exchanges.
Local Bank Clearings gain $8,103,000 aver last year.
Wheat. Barley and other grains quiet.
Shipment cf $262,27 4 in specie to the Orient.
Lima Beans continue to advance. Potatoes mid Onions steady.
Sharp drop in Ranch Eggs on the Exchange.
Butter and Cheese quiet at previous prices.
Dressed Hogs advanced. Cured Meats unchanged.
Dried Fruits still very firm in the East.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables shoir little change.
i:t good demand for the holidays. Game higher.
Oranges and Apples firmly held, but not active.
Bank Clearlncs.
LocaJ har.k clearings for the we*k Jus>t
•Rfled. coir.par*<J tiiih the corresponfilng week
cf latt >-var. ehrw an ir.cr*>a*e of $8.10.i.2«1.
the amount being ?41. 415,8(55. against J33.312.
«0» in ISO 4. The clearings for the came week
In ISKI3 were $30,700.C9r».
Dried Fruits la Xew York.
1-ate ir.all reports from New York Ray:
'"The most prominent feature ol the market
latt wtsk was the activity In epct Prunes,
orders being numerous and coming from all
quarters, but !n mest case: being for such
quantities a« ere n»eded for present use. The
\u25a0wide distribution Is materially aid<»d by the
• scarcity and high price of evapor&tefl apples,
and this !& exs>ected to have a \u25a0till more pro
- nounced Influence &s the consuir.icg scaeon
propr«?sse3. Sj»ot price* have an upward tend
ency and are an eighth to n quarter of a cent
a pound higher than at the bt-gl'nnlng of the
-T.eck. Few if ar.y orders are jrolng out to the
coast at present, but the feelings there 16 very
etror^r. as stocks ere very light. Not- much
dtmand for Aprioots or Peaches, fithfr on the
*pot or for shipment from the coast. Is to be
quoted at preeent. but supplies are limited and
the market la firm. New ouslness In bcth
California and Imported Rabins Is confined
almost wholly to Bales from second hands. The
latter are rather eaey. but not Quotably lower.
Buyers look for a break in the price of coast
Raislr.s after the turn of the year, and same
Cj think Jt may come »ooner. Consequently they
are not disposed to anticipate requirements,
»rd the market Is dull. Currants are steady,
tilth the trade supplying Immediate wmU out
of recent arrivals on the basis of 5%c for ua
cleaned in barrels. Dates ar» active."
EASTERN MARKETS.
»w Tork Money Market.
NXW YORK. Dec. 16. — Money on call, noral
r.al; no loans.
Time loans, firm. Sixty and ninety days and
e!x months. 6 per cent, <mn commissions for
thorter perlode, making the rate "&8 per cent-
Prime mercantile paper. 5%«?6 per cent.
Sterling exchange, etrong. with actual busl
rers in bankers' bills at $4.8620^4.6625 for de
mand and at $4.8230 for sixty day bills.
Posted rates. S4 63% an 3 $4 86%©4 87.
Commercial bill*. $4 «34 82%.
Bar ettver. Cs%c.
Mexican dollars. 60\4c.
Government bends, steasy; railroad bonds,
ll I If lilt*
yevr York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton & Co.. 490 California street.
San Francisco, members of the New York
gtock Exchange, fumieh the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
Sales.: STOCKS. |Hlgh,Low.l Bid. l Ask.
jAiiom* Express.] j fi*o 250 ;
,Aia* Chalmers.. *l% 21%
Doprefd «2 C2U
€s.CoG'Amaig Copper .;101%, 100*4 101 101 Ji
2.500 Ara lie«t Sugar. 30%! 27%| 30% 30%
1,400 Do prd «3 *°*j 89 «?%
auGJAra Cas Co ... 8% 6% 9 t»%
- Sol Do Pfd <»% W^i CS TO
ZWJO'Am Csj &FyCo 40 89% 40 40%
400 ! Do pfd ....... 88% MJ »8% S»
jAm Cotton Oil !..... 84% 85%
; do pfd »2% va
! Ata DiEt Tel ' 87 43
:Am Express 1 ;224 230
SOCAni Gr TwlneCo 109»i IOHI 10 , 10%
3.i<WAm KUt & L..! 11 ' 10%> 10% 11
«,»*oi Do pfd 47 45* i •» ! ii 47
I.3oo:Attertcaa Ice . ..' 35 34 83>* 34
a»Am Unseed 17** 17V 17% 18 ,
400 Do pfd 42% 4IC 41% 42%
7.100 Am Locomotive. 69% 65% 65% 65%
| Do pfd 1 116 H«%
|Asa Mait j 5 5%
Do pfd 28% 26%
ISLgSDJAa Sni &RfCo*l64 161% 162 162%
1.000 Do prd '131%'lS0l4!lS0 ]ISO%
66,6<:>C'Un» Sugar i151%:148%U51*i!152
I Do pfd I JISB 1«»
..«.Ar. Ste«>l Fanes. V.i\ 13% 13% IS*,
lOOj' Do Pfd 47%; 47% 47 47%
• Am Tel & T Co. 182 187
'Am Tob pfd 1C5«4 100
1,100 Am Woolen ....i 43^1 44% 44«*i 44« i
400| Do pfd i 105%.105 104»i 105
» B,soo'Ar.acones. 1188 185% 166% 187
....... Ar.r. Arbor < S2 37
Oo pfd i 75 80
Arcadian Copper! j | 5 j 5% .
"".'.Atlan Coast Line '161 :163
4,1f»0 ( A T& R F i BS% 87% BZ%! 87«! i
SOO-! Do pfd 1104%j10i%;i03vi 1 104%
. S.Sdoißalt & 0hi0.... 1113 !12»i.112i4;i125i
j Do pfd 97 88
Bay State Gas.. % «,
«.300'B RT I fll% 83%' »0% 60H
ißroob Cn Gas ISO I&0
ißruns D & 1 19% 20%
JButterlck Co 54 55
'Canada Southern 70 71
fi.UK.Car.adlar, Faclflc!l74% 1173% i173% 173^
5,200 Central Leather.] 46% j 46% I 46%! 46Vi
«X>j D© prefd 1 1 11039 i 104
8.500 C & 0 55 54%1 55 65%
JO & A j 30 S3
Do pM 74% 74H
'C A E I pfd 187 140
.......!C I & L pfd 75 95
SOO.C &G W 21U 21 21 Ul%
' Do Jrfd A 76% 77
DO pfd B 85% 35%
Do debs S3 88%
CAN W 218 218%
8,600 C M & St P ISOH 179%i17f1*;1150
! Do pfd I !.... 187 (190
53.&00.C R I& P (new)j 23% 22% 22% 22%
600! Do pfd { €2*l 61% €!>*( 41*4
-..."...I Do 4s 78% 7»
'Chicago T«r 15 , 17%
I Do s>fd 87 E9
200 Chicago Un Trac 12 12 11«4 12
Do cfd 40 41
2OO'C C C & St L..1106 106 104 106
J Do pfd I .118 120
lOeve Lor & W. 80 85
Do Dfd 105 IOSH
2,500 COU» Fuel & Iron 54% 51% M«s, 53%
Do pfd , GfrK 95
iColum H C & L IS% IS%
TOO Colorado So . 28% 2SVi 28% 2S» 4
I Do lRt pfd 67% 68
3001 Do 2d pfd 46% 46% 4«% 47
400!CoRsol Gas 182 181 181 162
SOO^Corn Products .. 15 14% 14« 15
j Do prd 54% 56
100 Del & Hudson .. 255 1225 222 225
ID L& W 484 475
200' D & R G 36% 36% 30% 36%
j Do pfd 90 90%
Dcs M & Ft D~ 24 26
200 Detroit In Ry .. Qi% 94% 84% B5 ,
JDetroit So 10 11
I Do r>fd -.. 37 33
Diamond Match 148 143%
iDirtll Secur 51% 50% 50% 61
Do bonds 82% 83
iDuluth S S & A. 19% 19« i
Do rfd 29% 41
B.7oo'Erte .* 47% 47% 47% 47* i
1,600! Do let pfd SOVi SO SO PO%
.500! Do 2d pfd .... 73% 72% 72% 73%
B & T H 74 80
j Do pfU S5 SK)
!Ft W & DC.. •• ?3 76
'Gen Chemical ... - % ** 7«
....... j Do rfd ...... .....1..-.. 10C 107%
40ft Cen Eiectrie .. 177 175 175 177
s,6oo'Great No pfd ..J2SO 276% 278 279«^ ;
.......'Green G01d^....( ST, 4%'
t (Greene Cons Cop! 30% 30%
{Havana Too Co S3 34
I Do pfd 40 43
(Hocking .Valley ....... ..... 10S 114
I Do pfd ftt%{94%
*00:II!Inoi» Central .. 176 175% 175Vi!17i%
Ijlnlerboro 222 !225
r .., !Int«>r Marine 12 I 12%
'.......i Do Pfd 30% 30%
2Oo:inter Paper 23»i 23K 23 23«,J
500' Do Pfd 86 85% 55% 86
Ilnter Power 67 58
Unter Pump 29 31
I Do pfd 1 82 83
IMft'low* Central .. 29% l 29 25% 2»%
300] Do pfd 59% 159 GSS-I £9% I
(Kariswha. * Mch 54% 57%
700IKC FtS & M pfd 84 ! 52% M% M
s.&oo;Ki>.n« Oty So ... «5%1 33 35H 35%
300! Do pfd J6B j67 67% CS
..IK^okuk & D 31.. I. 15 ,17%
; 700 ! K nick Ice I 56%! 67% 07%[ 6S
k. Laclede Ga« ....] I S3 110
% Lake Erie & W.. 1 |: 41% 42%
r? I Do pf<l 1 i 2 95 9S
200'I^hlgb Velley...l fe4% 8* 84 ,M»
:(Long Island ...j «7 v7Ov 70
1.400 L & N. 152% 151% 151% 152%.
SMeckay 51 I 61U
........I Do prd ..: 71 71%
{Manhattan 181 162
2.100,Xct Securities...! 75*; 74% 74% 75
- 7.000 Met St Ry 12l%!119% 120 U»>4
SOOi Mexican Cen JH%| 24 24 24^4
& St L SO 1 7»% 70% fel
IOOi Do let pfd 100 500 100 101
JM St P t S S M 137% 139
! Do rM 16 ° 107^
•4.500 M.> Kan & Tex 37% SC% 3«% 37
i Do pfd CS 6!»%
2.900 MUsourl Pacific. 103% 102Vij102%j103
'Nash C & St L 150 |152
5.7iH) National Lead?. 87% 56% S6%| S7
IOOj Do pfd 1105 103 104 107
!N R U cf M pfd -38% 39%
700, National BUcuit 64 |63 63^.1 63%
i Do pfd I ! |113% 114%
2.2ooXevaaa i 12%f 11%! U**\*}'<*
jNeiv Jersey Oenl | J222 255
I N V Air Brake ! |165 16S
5.000N V Central.... 147%!14*U 14t5U,1-»«jVi
::::::: x do Isf^: :::::::::: m i|
::::::: x 1^^":::: :::::::::: S S
800 N V N H & H 195 194% 195 196
7OO'N V Ont & W. . 52»i 52 52 52%
l.ltiO'Norfolk & West 85 84% 54% 54%
.... ..1 Do Dfd ] 02% 93%
500 North American. 99% 99%! 09%j100
11,700 Northern Pacific 203 197 200% 201
(Omaha ' 16 » }%%
j Do pfd IS7 195
!O S L 4's 05% "J6
400 Pacific Coast ... 105% 105 104% 105%
Do Ist pfd 104 IOS
Da 2d pfd 106 110
900 Pacific Mall ... 49Vi 48 4S 48%
15,600 Perm R R C 0... 141% 141 141 141%
7,100 People's Gas ..1100 107% 107% 108
....... PCC& St L 80 »o
Do rM ........105 110
000 Pressed Steel C 56 65% 55 l / 4 55%
2Ooi Do pfd 100 99% 99% 99%
Pullman Car Co 246 250
400 Ry Steel Spgs Co 61 60% 60% 61%
J Do pfd 99 100
18.000 Reading 133% 137% 137% 137%
Do Ist pfd ... .t ..: 02% \u25a0*«
Do id pfd 9«% »«
500 Republic S&I 34 SS% 33% 34
3,400 Do pfd 105% 104%|104% 105%
l,Boo ( Rubber 'Goods .. 41 39% 40 40%
Do cfd 104 10.
SOOS S 6 & I Co.. 00% SO' 89«
Do prd 119 12*
100 SLA S F Ist pf 72 72 71 £
5.400 Do 2d prefd .. 70% 69 68 C 9
2.500 St. L& S W... 53 48% 48% 49
I Do prefd 22% *3
"68.466 1 Southern Pacific. 68% "66% ,S*-,SJ %
i Do prefd 1 20 121
2,6oo Whera Ry ... 55% 85% 35% 35%
Do nrefd 09% 100
Standard OU . " 1.....650 685
"ÜBO6 ; Tena Coal & Irontl44» 143 142% 143%
Texas P L. T CO 64% 65
"ilsOO Texas Pacific .. 34 83% 33% 34V 4
Third Aye 124% 125
l.BOOfToledO R & TCo 32% 82% 32% 82%
SOOjToledo S L & W 36% 86% 86% 36%
SOO! Do prefd 55% 58% 58 ' 65%
SOOlTwin City R T 117% 117 ,117 Uj4
SOO: Union B & P. 14% 14 13% 14
I Do prefd 81 S2
ibKeOo'Unlon PaclHc. . . 145% 144 144% 144%
.... I £>o prefd • 9« 9i%
::::.:. v p^v * a I *i,, l^
2^ go r. a .::::: . w .. ,94.., 94 .. HHH H Si
""BOOiU S Oast I P. 45 45 44% 43
Do prefd ~- 93 94%
VCI S Express Ut 118
|U B Leather 1* I*%
.:::::. do P r«fd m% i"%
800.U SR & Cons. 67% 87% 87 S3
SOO U S R & R CO. 32% SlTi 31% 32%
t Do prefd 70% 72
4,000'u 8 Rubber ..! 55% 54% 54% 55
80C>; Do prefd 1U 110% 110. 1U
600 U S Rub 2d pfdt 83% 83 63 53%
29?00;C S Steel C0r.. 1 35% 88 88 SS%
6 SOO Do prefd llOEtf 104Ti 105% 105%
LlOO Va-Car Chem Co. 45 44% 43% 44
Do prefd "5 115%
IWabash 20% 21
200] DO prefd .... 41 40% 40% 41
..( Do Deb Bs "5% 76
'... jTTells Fargo Ex i 227 |235
'SOO: Western Union.. 93 92% »2% 92%
|W>Etlnghouse 1<3% LBV*
. .f Do lswprefd 190 193%
700 ! W & iTe 17%! 17* 17% 18
lOOJ Do Ist pr*fd.. 42% 42% 42 42%
400- Do 2d prefd... 25V 25% 25% 26
Wls Central 30% 30%
166! Do pr«fd «3%( 63% to* 62%
694,459 Total shares sold.
Xevr York Bonds.
T7 S rtt Ss reg-.K^HIJap 6a. 2« Eer... ©5%
Do coupon ....103*4! Jap 44« cert.... 92U
Do 3s re« 102*;! Do 2d Series... 92^
Do coupon 102S4JL & N Uni 45... 103
Do old 4s reg..lo2=y«iManhat eon g 45.103T«
Do coupon 108%i'Mex Central 45.. 80%
Do new 4s reg.lSOH Do Ist Ide 25%
Do coupon ....130*4! Minn & 5t L 45.. 97
Am Tob 4s 80«i!M X & T 4s ICO%
Do 6s 115%! Do Jds 88%
Atchison ren 45. 103 N RR Mcx con 4s. 85
Do a«JJ 4s Ml NT Cent gen 3%5. GB%
Atlantic C L 49.101 "i N J Cent gan 55. 134
BsJt & Ohio 45..102H Northern Pac 45. 105
Do 3%s »6% Do 3e 77
Brklyn RT cv 45.101 N& w con 45... 101%
Cent of Ga 85... 113% Or*Shrt L rfdg 4e. 9Q
Do Ist Inc 93% Perm cv 3%s 102%
Do 2d Inc 80 Reading Gen 45..103%
Do 3d Inc 75 SLA I M con "s.llO'k
Ches & Ohio 4%5.108 SL&S P fg is. S7
Chic &. Alt 3%5. 80 SL SW con 4a.. 60%
C B & Q new 4s.lol%' Seaboard A L 4s. 89%
C R I & P 4«... 7»%;Southern Paa 45.. 94
Do col 5e 89 1 Do Ist 4s cc rt. 97
CCC&B L gen 45.102%j50u Railway 65.. 120%
Coio Ind 5s SerA 76% Tex & Pac 15t5.,122
Do Series 8... 75% Tol St L & W 4s. S3V4
Colo Midland 4s. 77% I Union Pac 4s 108
Colo & Sou 45... 94%! Do cv 4s 144U
Cuba* 5 105%! V 8 Steel 2d Bs.. 86%
D & R G 4s 101«4JWabai-h lsts 11SH
Di« Securities ss. 52% Do Deb 8..... 76%
Erie prior lien 45.10 l Western Md 45.. 87
Do Gen 4s 93% V Wheel & L E 4s. 92
Hock Val 4%5..1C9%jWU Central 45.. 85%
Japan 6s 100 i |
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 25! Little Chief 08.
Alice 150! Ontario 3 00
Breece 40iOphJr 5 87%
Brunswick Con.. 57iPhoenix 01
Comstock Tunnel. 0S ; Potosi 06
Con Cal & Va. . . 1 25! Savage 50
Horn Sliver 1 70i Sierra Nevada.... 33
Iron Silver 400 Small Hopes..... 30
Leadvllle Con 05| Standard 3 50
London Closing Stocks.
Consols, money.. S7& N V Central 155
Do account.... h9 Norfolk & West. 86%
Anaconda .....'.. 9% Do pfd 95
Atchlscm ....:... 00% Ontario & West.. 61%
Do pfd 107*. Pennsylvania 73%
Bait & Ohio 116 Vi Rand Mines 7%
Canadian Pacific. l 79 Reading 71%
Ches & Ohio 56% Do Ist pfd 45
Cbic Great West. 22 Do2d pfd....... 50 -
Chic Mil St St P.lS»%4Sou Railway...... 36%
De Beers 17% Do pfd ...... ,, . 102%
D & R G BS% Southern Pac .... 71 U
Do pfd .'• »2% L'nlqn Pac .. w .«.149Vi
Erie 49% Do pfd 100U
Do Ist pfd S3 U S Steel 39%
Do 2d pfd 76 Do pfd i.,......107%
111 Central 180% Wabash 21%
Loultv & Va«hv.ls6%j Do pfd" ; 42^
Mo Kan & Tex. 35%(
Bar silver — 30 5-16 d per ounce. ,-.
Money— 3%<t4 per cent. .
The rate of discount in; the open market for
short bill" Is * p«T cent. - and for three
months' bills 3"^@4 per cent.
Clearlnc-llouse Banks.
NKW YORK, Dec. 16.— The weekly state
ment of the clearing-house banks for this week
showe that the banks hold a surplus over the
legal reserr* requirements of $3,961,073. Leet
•wek there was a deficit of $1,246,525. Loans
$1.004.664.000, ' decrease $11,750,800; deposits,
$953.858.500, decrease $8,347,200; circulation
$53 060.700, decrease 208,000; legal tenders $75,
714.100. Increase $2,428,000: specie $174,219,100.
increase $C 32.800; reserve $249,933,200, increase
53 120.SOO; reserve required' $245,972,125, de
crease $2.056.500: surplus $3,961,075, increase
$5 207,000: ex-United States deposits $6,112,470,
increase $5,216,025.
Condition of the Treasury.
W.4SHINGTON, Dec 16.— T0-day's state
ment «f the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the. $150,000,000 gold reserve
Ehows: Available cash balance, $138,490,071;
cold coin and bullion, $57,665,276; gold certlfl
cates. $52,695,140. .-v,,. ....
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL', SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1905.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Chicago.
CHICAGO Dec. 16.— Cattle— Receipts, 300;
steady. Beeves $3 15@6 15; cows, $1 35^4 35;
heifers. $2 15@4 80; calves. $5 50@S; poor to
medium, J.i ir.J/.i 15; good to prime steers,
$5 25@« 75; stockers and feeders, $2 15(34 10.
Hogs— Receipts, 10,000; Monday. 52,000:
market steady. Mixed and butchers', : $4 75®
o; gocra heavy, $4 00@5; rough heavy. $4 70@
4 SO; light, $4 75@4 05; pigs. ?4 40@4 90; bulk
09 sales, F4 N">f ( 1 85.
Sheep— Receipts 2500; market steady. Sheep.
$3 50£6; yearlings, $5 75@6 50; lambs, $5 75
@8.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 16.— Cattle— Receipts,
200; market unchanged.
Hogs — Receipts, GO0O; market steady. -Bulk
of sales. $4 Sd3>4 90; heavy. $4 85@4 95; pack
ers. $4 So@4 90; pigs and lights, $4 70®
4 87%.
Sheep — Nonet market nominally steady.
Omaha. \u25a0»;
OMAHA. Dec. 16. — Cattle — Receipts. 200;
market nominally steady.
Hogs — Receipts, 10.500; market 5c lower.
Heavy. $4 77^@4 80; mixed, $4 76@-l 77%;
light ?4 7004 77U; pigs, $4 25@4 60; bulk of
sales, ?4 75@4 80. .
SHEEP— Recelrtfs, 200; market steady. Year
lings. $63C 50; wether*. $5 50@5 80; ewes.
$4 75@5 50; lambs, $7@7 CO.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening 6 11% 7% <J 10%
Closing 6 11% 7% 6 10%
PARIS.
Whe-at — \u25a0 . Dec Mar. -June.
Opening 23 25 24 30
Closing 23 40 24 25
Flour —
Opening 80 90 3180
Closing SO 00 31 75
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
The Manchuria took out a treasure list of
$262,274. consisting of $53,123 In Mexican dol
lars, $162,000 In silver Uullton and $1351 In
gold coin and dust for Hongkong, and $45,500
in Bllrer bullion for Kobe. ,
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange. «lxty days.. \u25a0*- @4 S3
Sterling Exchange, eight ...... — 04 88
Sterling Exchange, cables — <S>4 S7
New York Exchange, eight — @ 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — @ 10
Silv2r. per ounce ' 65%@ —
Mexican Dollars — @ 51
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris .\
New York on Mexico 200
Paris on -London 25.10
Berlin on London 20.37%
"Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The week closed on a quiet and
featureless market, both as to futures and the
cash grain. • '
CASH WHEAT. .
California Club. $1 42%@1 47%: California
White Australian. $1 50@l 55; lower grades
of California Wheat. $1 17%©132%: Northern
Club. spot. $1 42%@1 43%; Northern Bluestem.
$1 45@1 47%: Northern Red. $1 3501 87%
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. \u25a0 High. Low. Close.
May $13994 $139% $139% $189%
BARLEY — The brokers on 'Change were too
buey talking over the "high Jinks" of their
club the night before to do 'any business, and
no transactions In cash grain were reported.
Futures were also inactive and not materially I
Changed.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 16%®1 17% for common and $1 18V
122% for good to choice; Brewing. $122%®
1 25; Chevalier; $1 20@l S3 per ctl.
FUTURES. , \u25a0
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clo*«i.
May $1 21% $1 21% $1 21% $1 21%
OATS — Closed the week dull and unchanged,
with plenty on the market.
Red, $1 50@l C 2% for choice eeed, $1 30©
1 40 for fair to good and $1 25 for common;
Black. $1 50@l 75 for good to choice for seed
and down to $1 25 for ordinary feed; White,
$1 37%ifl 50; Grays, nominal.
CORN — There is nothing new to report. \u25a0 The
market continues without feature.
Western sacked, $1 32%@1 37% for Yellow,
$1 82% for White ana $1 32%@1 35 for Mixed;
California large Yellow. $1 32%@1 37%; small
round do. $1 55; White, $1 37%; Egyptian.
$1 4081 42% ; for White end $1 25®1 30 for
Brown.
RYE^ — Continues inactive -'at $1 42%©1 52%
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI6OOI7S per ctl.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. S4 800
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras )4 70® 0;
Oregon and Washington, *3 75@4 25 . per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices In packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. $3 75: Rye Meal, $3 60- Rice
Flour, *S; Corn Meal, $2 75; extra Cream do,
S3 75; Oat Meal. $4 60®4 76 : Oat Groats, $4 75;
Hominy. J3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4 503
4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $^ so-
Whole Wheat Flour. (3 80; Rolled Oats, bbls,
$7@B; In racks, JO 60@7 60; Pearl Barley *fl-
Split Peas, boxes, (5 &0: Green Peas. $5 SO por
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff*.
Dealers here were disappointed at the light
ness of the rain, which promised well at the
start, but did not keep up. Yesterday's mar
ket was very steady at the old prices. Scott &
Magner's circular eaya: \u25a0.
"Receipts of Hay for the past six days on
the San Francisco market have been 2474 tons.
This is considerably less than usual, but never
theless It has-been enough to supply the de
mand. The bulk of arrivals continue to come
by water, and consist of the poorer and medium
varieties. There does not appear to be any
"let up" to the car shortage, and, therefore,
arrivals by railroad have Deen exceeding light.
The general demand for May In the city Is
comparatively light, and It may be expected to
continue In this way until after the holiday
season. Consumption of baled Hay throughout
the Interior is very heavy, and will tend to ma
terially reduce tome of our surplus stock.' The
export trade continues quite moderate.*
"The United States Government will receive
bids in a few days at Portland, Seattle and
San Francisco for about 2500 tons ol Hay for
export to Manila. Whether any part or all of
this order will be obtained by California or
not remains to be seen. Choice Wheat Hay,
Of which only a few cars have come In -during
the week, have sold readliy""at topmost quota
tions; Fancy Tame Oat Hay has also been In
light supply. The medium classes of Wheat and
Wheat and Oat Hay move slowly at from *10
612 per ton here. Alfalfa Hay Is in good de
mand, and arrivals sell o.t readily at firm fig
ures. The market la strong throughout. Straw
arrivals l>ave been heavier than the market re
quired, and the reeling is a little easier, par
tlclarly on No. 2 article, although choice
Straw is also a little easier."
All Feedstuffs remain as before.
BRAM— II9 50^20 60 per ton.
MIDDLINOS — $26®30 per ton.
SHORTS— II 9 50@20 50 per ton. ' .
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26@27; Oil
cake Meal in 5-ton lots, 537; Jobbing, $37 60 per
ton" Cocoanut Cake or Meal at mills, $22 in 10
and $22 60 In 6 ton lots; Jobbing, $23; Corn
Heal $29 60©30 50;. Cracked Corn. $30@31;
Mixed Feed, $24@25: Horse Beans, $30@40 per
ton: Broom Cora Feed. 00c per ctl; Calfalfa
Meal carload lots. $22 : jobbing, $23 50 per ton;
Mealfalfa, $19 In car lots and $21. f0r smaller
ouantltle*. ' \u25a0
HAY— Wheat $11 50®16 50; Wheat and Oat,
$11015 50: Oat, $9g13 50; Barley, $S@11; Vol
unteer Wild Oats, $7@11; stable. $6 50@8 50;
stock. $7©7 00; Alfalfa. $7 60©10 GO per ton
for ordinary and $11 50012 for choice river.
,STRAW-30®550 per bale. ... \u25a0
Beans and Seeds.
Another advance in Lima Beans was noted
yesterday, with a very firm market. The other
descriptions remained unchanged.
BEANS — Bayos. $3 60: Pea. $3 75@4; Butter,
$3 50: small White. J3 10@3 25; largo White.
$2 4002 65: Pink. 81 «o@2 10; Red, $3 25®
3 60- Lima, here. $4 30@tf 50;' Red Kidneys,
$3 40@3 SO; Blackeye. U 25@4 50 per cU;
Horse Beans. $1 76@1 85.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 78: Yellow
Mustard. $3 50©3 75: Flaxsesd. nominal; Ca
nary. 6U«?6}4c; Alfalfa, 13@14c for \u25a0 Eastern
and 10612c 1 for California; -Rape. 2@2%e;
Timothy, 5%c: Hemp, 3^. per lt>: Millet. - 'l%.
Q3Kc: Broom Corn SeetJ. *20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Miles. $1 7562: Green Peas.
$1 7552. , • \u0084:.,:.;- ,:, ; , i ..' :: ; '\u25a0\u25a0
Potatoes. Oalons and Vegetables.
Aelde from a limited. demand tor top'quality
Burbanks for immediate local use, : there was
very- little • doing in Potatoes,' .- and previous
prices ruled for all descriptions. The Oregon
stock brought 'down, by, the; steamer Columbia
on the - preceding . day '- was -of . much bettpr
quality than that previously received, and some
receivers were inclined . to exact higher prices..
The Onion market was quiet and weak, except
for sound stock, which . was I in --comparatively,
light supply. . .. • .•\u25a0-.\. •\u25a0-. \ \u25a0:- .•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0. .-;
- Under the ueual extra buying for Sunday
wants, together with a 'good demand for ship
ment, the market for miscellaneous vegetables
was In good shape, and choice-offerings of all
descriptions found . prompt ;\u25a0 sale 'in the early
trad* affirm rates. . .i
POTATOES — River Whites. 50#S5c per sack;
Salinas Burbanks, |1 ' 1001 40 per T ctl : Oregon
Burbanks. 75c@$l 10 per ctl: Street Potatoes.
75c®Sl 35 per ' ctt: =-:\u25a0-:--•;
ONIONS — Tellow, $I@l 35 per ctl. '
VEGETABLES — Green Peaa, CfiSo per lb;
Siring and Wax Beans, B@tlc per lb; Lira*
box or crate; Summer Fquash, 75c®$l 25; per
box; Cucumbers, $1 23@1 fiO per box; Cabbage,
U 154T1 25 per ctl: rarrote. '7sc@sl perisauki
Garlic. '-Si/iigeHc per lbj.Egg Plant, southern.
Ogbc per "lb; tireen Peppers, -li-gSc per lb for
Chile and 12V^@15c for Bell ; Marrowfat
Squath, $25@30 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $25
6-30 per ton. ' :• \u25a0
Poultry, and Game.
Receipts of Poultry were unusually heavy for
Saturday, but the markei remained firm, as
leading retailers were stocking up for the holi
day trade, and desirable offerings of all kinds
of fowle found prompt sale at stiff prices. A
car of Western, the fourth for the week, was
on sale and the receipts from domestic polntH
consisted of 46 coops of live stock and 35 cases
of ttressefl Turkeys. All indications point to a
firm and active market during the coming
week. Game vat in good request and prices
showed considerable Improvement.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 20@21c per . lb;
Dressed Turkeys, 20®-22c per lb; Geese, per
pair, $2@2 25: Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Dusks,
?5@5 50 per dozen for Old and $5 80«t? for
young; Hens, ?4 50@5 for small and $6@7
for large; young Roosters, $5 50@6 50; Ud
Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers. $5g5 50; Broilers,
53@4 50; Pigeons, $1 25: Squabs, $2@2 25. • -
GAME — Per dozon— Mallard Ducks, $3@4 fO;
Canvaeback, $3<@'s; Sprig, $2 50(34; Gray
Ducks, $2@2 50; Teal, $1 25@1'60; Red Heads,
$2®2 50, Widgeon $1 7502; small Ducks, $1 60;
Gray Geese. $3@3 50; White Geese, $1 2501 75;
Brant, $2 50 for large and $1 50 for small;
Honkers $3@4 50; Hare. ?2 50; Cottontail Rab
bits, $3; Brush Rabbits, $1 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
; Eggs made a sensational break of -7^40 per
dobzen on the Exvchange yesterday, with deal
ers freely predicting still lower prices during
the coming week. The cause of the break was
th« rain light though It was, softer weather
and increased receipts, with the general ex
pectation of steadily increasing supplies from
now on. Nobody wants to hold ranch Eggs
now at the current high prices, which must
surely break In the near future. The decline
in the medium grades was comparatively slight,
for they have not been unreasonably high, as
have fresh ranch.
There was no change worthy of note In But
ter or Cheese. Both continued in light supply
and in fair demand.
Transactions on the Exchange were about the
heaviest thus far since the Exchange was es
tablished, as follows:
Butter— Five boxes California fresh ex
tras, 29% c; one car Eastern fresh, extras, seller
10, 24c.
• Eggs Five cases California fresh selected,
42c; 5 caees California rresn selected, 42& c:
50 cases Eastern cold storage seconds. 17% c.
For CMornla cold storage 28%0 was asked,
and ..for Eastern cold storage 21c was bid, 25c
'cheese— Twenty-five California fancy new,
seller 6 14%e. For California new spot. 14% c
was bid"; for California new, 14%e was bid and
Receipts were 13.600 lbs Butter, 4000 lbs
Cheese and 552 cases Eggs.
DAIRY EXCHANGE- OFFICIAL QUOTA
TIONS.
(jjote The Exchange quotations represent
wholesale prices as established by sales, bids
and offers on the Exchange. Prices for Butter
and Eggs on the street are governed by the
Exchange quotations, but , generally range
about l@l%c higher, owing , to the miscella
neous character of the business.
BUTTER— Fresh— California extras, 29% c
easy; firsts. 26% c, firm; seconds. 22% c,
firm; Eastern extras 25% c; firsts, 24c
Eastern Ladles— ExtraC 20c; firsts, 19c. Stor
age goods— California extras, 25c. steady;
firsts, 23Hc; Eastern extras, 24c. firm;
firsts. 23% c Ladles— Extras. 20c, firm; firsts,
EGGS— Fresh California selected, 42% c, easy;
firsts. BSc, easy; seconds, 30c. easy;
thirds, 27c easy; store, nominal; East
ern nominal. Storage — California selected,
2S«4c firm; firsts, 25c; seconds. 23% c Cali
fornia, store— Selected, 24c: firsts. 23c; Eastern
selected. 24% c; firsts, 23% c; seconds, 17%0.
-CHEESE— California fancy. new, 14% c,
steady; firsts, 13% c. firm; seconds, 12@12%c,
jji-m ' Young Americas, fancy, 18c, firm;
firsts 14c; seconds, 13c. Eastern— Fancy,
15Uei6c. firm; Western, 14©14% c Storage-
California fancy. 13Hc firm; firsts. 12%o;
Young Americas, fancy. 14c; Eastern, fancy.
15c. steady. >,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
- There was very little doing. In fresh fruits
yesterday, but a firm feeling prevailed In
Oranges and Apples, with all dealers expecting
a firm and active market during the coming
week. Stocki of fancy Apples were rather
light there being an actual scarcity of high
grade offerings of. the red varieties, such aa
Spltzenbergs and Baldwins. Oranges were
plentiful, fully 5 carloads being received dur
ing the day. but the proportion of large fruit
in the receipts • continued light. The other
Citrus fruits were plentiful, but steady at the
old quotations. Receipts of Strawberries were
15 che*te a larga amount, considering the time
of the year, but the Berries were very poor,
and practically unsalable. Grapes, too, were
mostly poor and slow of sale. Previous prices
ruled for all other fruits. \
STRAWBERRIES— NominaI.
CRANBERRIES— Capo Cod. $16 per barrel.
APPLES-^U 25@2 per-box: for fancy. 75c
$1-25 for choice and 405750 for common;
Christinas Apples. $1 25<52 50 per box. -
PEARS— Winter Nellls. $2#2 60 per »ox;
other varieties. $I@l 25 per box.
PERSIMMONS— BOcSU per box. '
GRAPES — C3c@?l 25 per box or crate.
CITRUS AND TROPICAL FRUlTS—Or
anges; Navels. $2@2 50 per box for; fancy,
<1 5001 75 for Choice and $I@l 50 for etand-
Irds- Seedlings, 75c@Jl 25; Tangerines, $19
1 B0- ' Japanese Mandarins, $I@l 50; Lem
ons '$1 50®3; Grape Fruit, $1 50<g2 75; Mexi
can Limes, $4®4 60 per case; Bananas. Ha
waiian, $I®2- per bunch; Central American,
$2 50@3 50 . per bunch; Pineapplee, $3@5 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nut", Raisins and Honey.
The Eastern markets continue to readily take
the- Pacific Coast products, as will be seen In
the first column, and the situation is flret class
for sellers. • \u25a0••\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 A
FRUITS — Apricots, B@loc for Royals and
ofll2c tor Moorpark; Peaches, B%c for Btand
ards B%c for choice, Co for extra choice and
9m@loc for fancy; Pears 8g12%c; 'Nectar
ines i 7%@S%c for white and 7%©7% c ?or Red;
Plums, pitted, 6%@7%0 for Black. 7@9e for
Red and 769 c for Yellow; Silver Prunes, 7@9c-
Evaporated Apples, B©»%c; Figs, boxes. 50c
for choice. 55c for extra choice and 60@C50 for
fancy: bulk white, 2%©4 c per lb; black,
3(23 Mi C
PRUNES— 3% @4o basis for tha four sixes
(60-100) and 4%0 basla for the large and imall
6 "aISINS— Loose. 4-crown, 6%0 per Jb; 3
crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c. Seeded Raisins —
Fancy, 16 ounces, BUc; raney." 12 ounces. 6*4 c;
cholc#, 16 ounces. 8c; choice, 12 ounces, 6%c;
Imperial Clusters, $3 per 20-lb box; Dehesas,
$2 50; fancy, $2; 3-crown London Layers,
XI 50- 2-crown, $1 40; seedless standard loose
Muscatels. 4 %c; seedless Sultanas, 5%@7c;
Thompsons, 6%c: bleached fancy. 9@10%c;
oulk choice, 80: standard. 7c.
NUTS — Almonds: Nonpareils. 12%@13c- I X
L. 12c; Ne Plug Ultra, 11 %®l2c; Drakes,
BX4OIOC and Languedoc, 9@9%c; hardshell,
6%«6%c; Walnuts. No. 1 softahell. 13@14c;
No 2. 9@loc; No. 1 hardshell, 12%@13%c; No
2 8%®9%c: Peanuts, 6@70 for Eastern; Pe
cans. 11013 c: Cocoanuts. <4 50®5; Italian
Chestnuts. 9®loo per lb.
HONEY— Comb, 12@14c for white and IC@
lie for amber; water white . extracted, s«a
514 c; white. sc; amber. 4@4%c : dark, -i^-
Hawaiian, 2%c for extracted.
BEESWAX— 27O2Oc per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12% c per lb for
heavy, 12% C for light medium, 13%@14c for
light. 14Q14%0,f0r extra light and 16@16%c
for sugar-cured; dry Salt Sides, lie; Bel
lies, 12c; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13@13Uc;
California Hams, 12Vi@12%c; Mess Beef, $9 50
per bbl; extra Mess, $10; Family/ $11; prime
Mess Pork. ?14: extra clear, $19 50; Mess,
$1T 60; Pig Pork, $22; Pigs'. Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef, 140 per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6J4c per lb for
California Compound, 7@7%c for Eastern com
pound and 9 &O for pure; half barrels, pure,
10c; 10-lb tins, 10% c; 5-lb tins, lOftc; 3-ib
COTTOLENE— One half - barrel, 8c; three
half barrels, T%c; one tierce, 7%0; two tierces.
7%c; five "tierces, 7%c per lb. . 1 f
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKIRTS— CuIIs and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 12% c: medium. -12% c; Might, I2o:
Cow Hides.- 12c for heavy and 12c for
light;. Stags. , B%c; Salted Kip, 12o; Salted
Veal. 13c; Salted Calf. 13c; dry Hides, 21c
dry Kip. 20c; dry Cal r. \u25a0 22c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20@C0c each; short Wool, - 50@900
each; medium, 9Oc@sl 25; long Wool. $1 2;>#2;
Horse Hides, salt. , $3®3 25 for large and $2 75
for medium. $2 25 for small, aad 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $252 25 for large and $].50a
1 75 for medium, $1 OOfor small and 50e for
Colts. Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 31c; dry
salted Mexican,' 25c; dry. Central American
82% c Goat Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c; ex
tra large do, $1 25; large. 50®60c; medium.
85540 c; 'small. 25c.- -^ \u25a0;.-.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4©4% c In barrels-
In cans and drums,. %o > less; No.- 2, 3@3%c :
Grease. 2©2% c \u25a0 \u25a0 J . '- .
- WOOI* — Fall dip — Northern free, 15@17c
do, defective. 12@14c; Middle County, free, 15®
17c: do, defective? 12©14e; . San Joaquln and
Southern, 10@lSc; San : Joaquln Lambs, 14®
16c; do,' defective, B©l2cp«r lb. \u25a0\u25a0
HOPS— 9%©llc. :>. - ' ;
Meat Market.
Dressed Hogs are higher. In sympathy with
the livestock.- Otherwise there is.no change to
report. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .?"". " \u25a0"\u25a0; •"'- \u25a0 >- \u25a0 • \u25a0\u25a0 . . : •:\u25a0\u25a0 :.'
. DRESSED MEATS.
'.', Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a> follows: ! '- -
BEEF— sfi6c for Steers and 465 c per lb* for
Cows. -"\u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0' ' ' ''! i*
VEAL— Large, 6@7%c: small.7%@9c per lb.
r- MUTTON — Wethers, 9%Q10c; Ewes, S%©9c
LAMB— 10@Hc per lb- \u0084„ \u25a0 - >' ; :
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 8%?9c per lb.
r /\u25a0 LIVESTOCK .MARKET. 4
; The 'following quotations ' are • for ; good sound
Livestock ' delivered in San \u25a0 Francisco,' less 40<9
45 per cent sbrinkajja far Catti»i - .
Steers, s%@o&c; Cows and Heif
ers, 4%G5c.
CALVES^3^®4e per lb (gross weight)
SHEEP— Wethers, SV>&%e; Ewes, 3£3i,4c
pet lb <&ros* weight).
LAMBS— S2 75®3 per head. <*'. \ : \u25a0' .;
HOGS — Live Hogs, 130 to 250 lbs, 5?4@5%c;
ever 250 lbs. 5V4c: under 130 lbs, 5%c;
Feeders, nominal; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars
50 per cent 6ft. and Stags, 40 per cent oft from
above Quotations.
General' Merchandise.
\u25a0 BAGS — Grain Bags, buyer Jtane-July, t%@
fiVjC-. AVool Bags. 30g33c; small lots, 31@340:
Fleece Twine, 7J4c. ;
COA-L — Wellington, $3>per ton; New Wel
lington. ?S; Seattle, 58 50; Bryant, $5 50;
Beaver Hill, $5 50; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Richmond, $S; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
514 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
i $11 SO; Cannel, $0 per ton; Coke, $11 50513 per
ton in bulk and $1S in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions;. *B 50 per shdrt ton. \u25a0
, OILB-M3aotatlonß art for .barrets; .for J cases
add sc: Linseed, 50c per gallon for boiled and
48c ror raw; Castor Oil" In case*, No. 1. 70c; '
Bakers' AA. cases $1 1601 IS; Lucot. 48c for
boiled and 46c for "raw; China Nut case*. Cs@
7Sc per gallon; Cocoanut' Oil. in barrels, 88c
for. Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oll,'C8c: natural winter
Sperm Oil 63c; extra bleached Winter Whale
Oil. 65c; natural Whale Oil, COc; extra' winter-,
strained Lard Oil, 76c; No-. 1- Laid Oil, 65c:.
Pure Neatafoot Oil 75c; No. 1 Neatsfoot .Oil.
67i*c; Herring Oil. 45c; Salmon Oil. S4cr boiled
Fish Oil, Ssc; raw Fish Oil. 35c; Paint Oil, 35c.
COAL OIL, GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil, in bulk, lie; Pearl Oil, In cases.
17% c; Astral.- 17%c; Star.l7#c; Extra Star.
20Hc; Elaine. 26c; Eocene. 19¥>c; Stove Gaso
line, in bulk. lB%c: In cases. 25c; Motor Gaso
line. In bulk. lS^e; in cases, 22c; No. 1 En
gine Distillate, iron barrels or drums, 8c: No.
2 do. 6%c; cases, 614 c more; Benzine, In bulk.
12Hc; cases, 10e; Sd-degr*e Gasoline. In 'bulk.
25c; In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— B6c per gallon In cases and
80c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 83
B%c per lb; White Lead. 8<38%c. according
to quantity.
- " SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.30 c;
Powdered. 8.15 c; Candy Granulated. 5.18 c; Dry
Granulated, fine 5.05 c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.05 c; Fruit Granulated, 5.05 c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only), 4.85 c; Confectioners'
A, 5.05 c; Magnolia A, 4.65 c; Extra C. 4.55 c:
Golden C, 4.45 c; "D," 4.85 c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more; 50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels. 5.55 c; boxes. 5.80 c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.05 c per lb. No order taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent
Receipt* of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. DECEMBER 18.
Flour, qr sks... 6.40& Bhorts. sks 475 !
"Wheat, ctls .... 787 Leather rolls ... 197
Barley. cUs ...13,SeS Hides. No 1.271
Oats, ctls COS Pelts, bdls 1.373
Tallow, ctls ... 2901 Lime, bbls 864
Beans, sks 817 Raisins, bxs 500
Potatoes, sks .. 8,056 Quicksilver, flsks 307
Onions, ska .... 304 Brandy, gala ...13,250
Bran, eks ..... 595 Wine, gals 96,450
Middlings, sks.. 226 Apples, bxs 7SO
Hay. ton 424 Calfskins bdls .. 30
Hops,-- bales .... 02 Livestock, head.. 55
Wool, bales .... 75
OREGON.
Potatoes, ska .. SBl|
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr 8k5. ..10,220; Bran, sks ...... 1,800
STOCK MARKET.
Business Good for Saturday, With the
Tone Firm.
The week closed with steady to firm quota
tions in all tho local exchanges, with trading
rather better than ueual on Saturday. On the"
Bond Exchange Associated Oil was higher at
$57, Gas and Electric at 986, Hawaiian Com
mercial at $83 25 and Makawell at $31 50. The
bid for California Wine was lower at $81.
• There was nothing especially new In the min
ing stocks, which ruled steady, with a good
volume of business.
Rocco-Homestake stock was quoted ex-dtvi
dend of 2c In the board yesterday, under the
rule. —
The Claremont Oil Company has declared
a regular monthly dividend of lc per share,
amounting to $4500, . payable January 2.
The output of the Ophir mine last week
amounted to 322 mining cars of second-class
ore, valued at $31 08 per ton.
The National Sugar Refining Company has
declared a regular quarterly \u25a0 dividend of 1%
per Cent on the preferred stock, payable Jan
uary 2.
The Gray Eagle Mining Company of Placer
County has levied an assessment of 3c- per
share, delingquent January 12.
The Horn Silver Mining Company of Utah
has declared a regular quarterly dividend of
5c per share, payable December 30. .\u25a0. \u25a0 •• - .' .
The Montana Ore Purenasing Company Is
now paying a regular^ quarterly dividend-, and
an extra dividend of 32 per share each.
The Mackay Companies has declared a regu
lar quarterly dividend of 1 per cent on the pre
ferred stock and a semi-annual dividend- of 1
per cent on the common stock, payable on Jan
j vary 2. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 .
STOCK AND BOXD. EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Deo. 1«— 12 m.
.TES BONDS.
UNITED ST.
Bid. Ask. • Bld.Aek.
4s <jr coup. ,103%104 4sqr cp nw.132% —
4s qr reg..a03»i104% 3s qr c0up...103i*104%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Bs. — — Ok T Con 5s — —
Asso Oil 6s 90 — O W gtd ss. 8S 08%
Bay CPC 54.109 100 Oceanic S6b 61 66
Cal C G 6s. — 110% Om Cable 65.120% — .
Cal G& E g - Pac Glm4s 96 99
m&ctss 99 100 P E Ry 65.112%112%
Cal-st C 55.111%113% Pac LAP 55. 101% —
C C Wat 55. 106 — P & C H 65. 109 —
Do s mgss 94 96 P& O R 65. 110 —
Ed L&P 65.122%125 Powell-st 6s.Hl —
F& C H 65.113 114 Sac EG&RSa.IO7%IOS«i
Geary-st ss. 30 \4OV4 SF & SJVSS.II9 120
H C&S 5%5.105 V- SF.O& 5J55.114% —
Do 6s ....105% — Sierra X Ce. — 112%
Hon R T 6«.105% — SPof A 6s
LA Elec 55. 104% — (1909) 108% —
LAG&EI 55.101 — (1910) 109% —
L A Ry 55. 118% — S P of C Cs
LAL gtd ss. 105%106% .(1906) 102% ~
LAP Icmss.lll /— I (1912) ....113% —
LAP C 5s..lO7»41O8?8 SPC 1 eg 55. 118 —
Mkt-st C 65. 116 — SW B R 63.136 —
Do 1cm55.115% — S V Wat 65. 102% —
MV&.MtTSs.IOS% — Do 4s 2dm. 100 100%
NR of C 65. 104% — Do 4s 3dm. 99%100%
Do 6s ....119% — I Do g mg4? 97% 08
NP C R 58.107 108% Stkn G&E6s."— —
NCR)' 65. 112% —...1 UG & E 55.106 — -
NC P C ss. 99 — UR or SF 4s 88 65%
O GL&H ss. 109 — Val Co P 6s. 104% —
Ok TCo 6s. — 123% Yos SL 4%5. — .93%
Do 5s 115 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Csta 47% 47% 1 Port Costa.. — «8
Marin Co. . 65 — |S V Wat Co 40% 40%
GAS AND ELECTRIC. \
Cent L& P — " 4% SFO4 E. 88 —
Martel Powr 2 — Docertfs.. 87% —
Mutual E L 17% 18 Stkn G& E. 0 —
Pac L CO.. 74 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fd.350 — |
.: BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 131 L P & A... 148 —
Anglo-Cal .. 92 64 Mer Trust... 2ls «40
Bank of Ca1.423 — Merch Ex... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. 160 — SF National — l«0
First NatnL34o —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L 2900 — 1 Say & L So.lOO —
Hum S 8k.2000 — ] Sec Say 8k.395 -^-
Mutual Sav.lo9 — . Union T C 0.2700 3300
S F Say U. 700 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..212% — | Presidio .....59%40
Geary .— 40 I
POWDER.
Giant Con.. 77% — I
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. S3 83% Makawell C. 31% 32%
Honokaa SC 12% 12% Onomea SC. 30 31
Hutch SP C 14% 14% Paauhau S C 22% —
KllaueaS.C 1 . —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 55% 56 J Oceanic SCo 4% 0
Aeeo Oil Co. 56% 57V4 Pac Aux FA. 3% —
Cal FCA. — 98% Pac C 80rx.152 15»
Cal Wine! A 81 82^iJPacS Tei C0.104%106
MV& MtTm.loo —- >
Morning Session.
. . 50 Alaska Packers' Association... 56 00
50 Alaska Packers' Association... 55 75
35 Associated Oil Co ;. 57 00
37 Cal Fruit Canners'. A55n.... .. &T 50.
5 Hawaiian Coral & Sugar 83 25
100 Honokaa S Co 12 50
25 Makaweli .. '31 50
' 100 Mutual Electric Light 17,75
100 Mutual Electric Light 17 87%
100 Oceanic S.S Co 4 87%
: 75 Onomea Sugar Co 30 00
. 45 Onortea Sugar Co ............ 30 50
; 100 Paauhau S P C0r............. 23 t0
610 S F Gas & Electric (certrt).... 87 75
. 60 Spring Valley Water Co 40 12%
$1 000 Northern By: of. Cal 6s 120 00
$3'ooo S P of C 6s (1912)...... .113 75
S5 000 Uftitod RR Of S F 4a BS.OO
-Street— • ;\u25a0- '
$5 000 United R R of S, F 45... 88 00
$10,000 S F & S J V 5a..;.... .......119 60
Unlisted Secilrltle«.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
. Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Bay CPC 6b.10594106%| SF Drdk 55.115 '— ~
B L Wat 65.112 = — SF G&E4%5.101%102
Cal NW 55..— 111% SF&NPSS.II2 —
M C Wat 5s — 114 SPC R. 4s. 98 —
O T Con 53.106%107% Sun Tel 65... 112 —
Rls IWhsSs. — 106 - D055...'.*.105%n0%
MISCELLANEOUS ' STOCKS.
Ala SCo.\.. 22% 24 < Mat Nay C 0.120 —
Am Bia Co.llo .-:\u25a0'.— Mils Nat 8k.325 —
Cal Cot Mis U0 91 NS R R Co. — 12%,
Cal G&ECor 59% — N Cal P Co. 14% 15 '
C Jockey CT. — 150 Ok' Bk', Sav. 150 —
Cal Powder. 160 \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 — ,: lOOF Hll A. 6% —
Cal -Ship Co — - •-•85 v Orpheum Co. 17 . — .
Cal TI & T.% — ,190 PacCCas C0.142%170
Cen Bk. Ok. — 15 Pac Sur Co. — 129
Chutes Co.. 3% 5 Paraf Falnt.loo 125
Clty& C 8k.112% — S F Drydock — 75
Cyp L imp. — 8 ( SF & SJCoal 20 25
DptPwd pfd «3%1C0 !« Jose WatvlOS^ —
Do COm... 87% — SO& MTgbtl2s —
FN Bk. 0k.120 — ' So Pac Co.*. — 68
Frnch-A Bk. — -U2% Swlss-A 8k.125 130
OasCoftA.,'- ' 19 . Truck Elect. 22 M 22 %
Hono F Co. — -35 Union S Co. 34% —
Uo old pi. — '•\u25a0>. 85 W-Fargo 8k.225 —
Do nw pi. — 36 |West Nat 8k.160 168
Morning Session.
Street-^ "
** 100 French-American Bank 110 00
100 Trockee Electric C 0... 22 60
California Stock and* Oil Exchanse.
Oil Stocks— : : Bid. . Asked.
I Arllne 36
Ahso. Oil Stk Tr. Cer 58 57
Chicago Crude (new )...... 08 ....
Claremont ........... . k . ..... 1.10 , . 112%
Forty 41 46
Independence 16 ' 18
Kaweah ." .:..-• 41)
McKHtrick .:..>.. \u00844.. ..... ->.... - U
Monarch of -Arizona.:, j...;- 13 15
Monte CrUto 75 77%..
Nevada C0unty". ...'.;..*. .V. '. .... 25.
Oil City Petroleum ........-\u25a0 72 --^ "v 75
Senator •. ;... 1 co ....
Superior »....,..>.,...;.... . 05 ....
Toltec ."....' ' 'CO \u25a0 ....
Twenty-Eight ........ i:...;" 7 50 - 8 00
•Gas fend Electric- stocks — <
North. XSU Power ..^... 14 87% 15 00
Sugar stocks — . .
Kllauea Sugar Plant. C 0.... 1 00
Makawelt ...i V .. ....:..*...; 3187%
Miscellaneous Stocks — - .
Sanitary Red. Works 4 12% 4 60%.
Miscellaneous bonds — '->>'
Asso. Oil Co 5 pc. (1922>. 91 25
OFFICIAL SALES.
Mornlns Session.
20 Union Oil 168 00
83 Aifo Oil Co Stock, s 10 55
Sllnlnc Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. j
Following were- the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session — Comstocks.
: 200 Belcher . 211 100 Ophir 8 25
100 Caledonia ... 59' 200 Sierra Ner... 37
200 Gould A Cur. 14 200 Sierra Nwr... SS
200 Mexican. 1 40{ SCO Syndicate .... 10
12 m. Informal Session — Comstocks.
300 Belcher 22. 800 Overman .... 14
300 Caledonia ... tSi 100 Savage 54
100 Chollar 19! 400 Sierra Nev... 38
100 Con Va M...1 40| 200 Sierra Nev... 37
200 Gould & Cur. 14 50 Sierra Nev... 34
100 Exchequer .. 40 900 Sliver Hi 11... 86
300 Mexican ....140 200 Union C0n.... 59
100 Mexican 135 SOO Yellow Jacket 14
200 Ophir 0 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 0«! Gould & Cur. 14 15
Alta 02 04 Hale & Norcl 10 120
Andes 20- 21 Justice 05 06
Belcher 22 23 [ Julia 03 C 5
Best & BeK.l 40 1 COt Kentuck — 01
Bruns Chollr — 01| Lady Wash... 02 04
Brans C Va. — . 01: Mexican 1851 40
Bruns G4 C — 01 Occidental ... 98 ICO
Brans' Potosi — 04] Ophir 600 9 12%
Bruns Savage ,—, — 041 Ophlr-Bruns. • 07 10
Bullion 25 27 Overman .... IS 14
Caledonia ... 58 50 Potosi Q» 10 1
Challenge ... 19 21 1 Savage 54 — j
Chollar 18 19] Scorpion — 15
Con Va M...1 35 140 Seg Belcher.. 09 10
Con Imperial — 01 Sierra Nev. . . 37 SS
Confidence ..85 00 St Louis' 08 —
Crown Point. 13 14 Silver Hill .. S5 87-
Con NY 03 04 Syndicate .... — 11
B Sierra Nev 03 05' Union C0n.... 68 59
Eureka C0n..3 15 3 50l Utah 05 06
Exchequer . . 39 4o| Yellow Jacket 13 15 !
TONOPAH AND GOLDFTELD STOCKS. #
Morning Session.
500 Columbia Mt. 12 3000 Mohawk ..... 25
2000 Den Bullfrog 26 2000 M Bhoshn Ex. 13
1000 Dm B Btte C 35 6600 N"orth Star... 50
3500 Dm B Btte C 34 500 N V Ton Con 20
1600 Dixie, b 30. . 07 POO Ohio Ton 26
1000 Eclipse r 30' 1000 Ohio Ton, b3O. *26
100 Forest City.. 29| 300 Red Top 95
1100 Gold Bar ... 32 8000 Silver Pick .. 10
10CO Gold Bar.blO 32 100 Ton Belmont..2 00
600 Gold Anchor. 81 1000 Ton Blmont.2 02%
1000 Gdldfield Mln 61 200 Ton Belmoat..2 03
2000 Gldfld M. b3O 62 2COO St Ives 11
SOOO Horn* 15 2500 St Ivbs ...... 12
1000 Home, b 90. . 15 1000 Ton G Mt. 810 08 '
100 Jim Butler. .. 64 5000 Horn* Con.slO 06 I
2000 Jumbo Ex . . 17 2700 Ton Hme Con 06
2500 Kendall 37^2500 Home Con.bOO 07 \u25a0
1000 Lone Star .. 07J10O Ton Mdway.l 52%
22C0 MacNamara.. 35 1000 Treasure ..... 03
1000 M'Nmra, bSO 36 500 Tokop Con ... 15
1000 May. Queen.. 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District. - \u0084
Bid. Ask.! - ... Bid.A«k.
Belmont 200 2 101 McNamara . 34 351
Belmont Ex.. — 12 Midway 1501 55
Boston Ton.. 05 09 Mlzpah EX... 13 20
Brgr's JB Ex. — 10 Montana - ...2 35 237
California ... 05 — Mont Mid Ex — 13
Cash Boy . . 13 14 Monitor 02 03 ,
Colehan — 101 N V Ton Con 19 20
Eula Con ... — 17| North Btar. .. 49 50
Gold Anchor. 80 82! Ohio Ton .... 26 27
Golden Gate. — OS; Red Rock E3c — . 15
Gold Mt 03 09 Rescue 07 CO
Gold Mt Con — 01 Ton Exten ..550 « CO
Great Westrn 03 ©4 Ton Hm* Con 05 06
Ind Tonopah. — 01 TonSlv & Gld 15
Home 14 15 Ton of Nev.l4 62 15 00 ,
Jim Butler... 62 6S| Virginia 10 —
Little Ton ..1 50 2 OOiWest End ...1 17 1 20
Lucky Tom.. — ; 051
Goldfield District. • \u25a0•
Adams 04 051 Great Bend... 04 —
Atlanta 10 11 Highland .... — 13
Aurora — 06 Jumbo M Co. .98 100
Black Ants.. — 04 Jumbo Ex ... 16 17
Blk Btte Ex. — Ort Juno — 01
Black Rock.. — 02 Kendall 86 37
Blue Bell ... 02 04 Kendall Ex.. 01 02
Blue Bull ... 06 07 Laguna 15 —
Brooklyn .... 01 02' Lone Star ... 06 08
Btte Goldfleld 10 15! Lucky Star.. — 04
Bull & Bear. 02 . 03) May Queen... 17. 19
Booth M Co. 10 — I Mohawk 24 25
CO D ..... 40 50 Nevada Boy.. 13 .25
Columbia ... — 15 Nev Goldfleld. 20 —
Columbia Mt. It 13 Nev Southern. .—. — 11
Conqueror .. U 12 Oakes — 08
Diamond .... — 16 Oakland 10
Dmdfld Trngl — 10} Pennsylvania. — d\
Dm B Btte C 34 35 Potlatch .....*— 01
Dominion ... • — 101 Red Lion .... 03 04
Dixie '05 07 1 Red Top .... 94 95
Empire 03 04, Red Top Ex.. 02 C 3
Exploitation. — 04 1 Sandatorm ... 56 58
Fawn 05 — I Sandstorm Ex 06 —
Florence 2504 00 Silver Pick .. 10 II
Frisco 02 — Simmerone ..15 20
Gold Dust .. — 07 St Ives 11 . 12
Gold Hill ... 02 Treasure — 03
Goldfleld Mln 60 62 V«rde — ©2
Gldfld Rand. 05 06 Vernal 05 06
Goldfleld Ton — 07 1 Wonder — 01
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... — 05} Gold Bar ... 32 33
Amethyst ... 12 15 Gldfld Ballfrg — C 5
Big Bullfrog. — 10 Lfee Harris. . 01 02
Bonnie Clare 65 — J Mont Bullfrog 02 03
Bullfrog Mln 37 , 40| M Shoshn Ex. 13 —
Bullfrog Anx 01 C2> Ohio Bullfrog. 20 —
Bullfrog Com ©3 041 Orig Bullfrog. IS 19
Bullfrog Ex. 05 20^ Pilot 20 —
Blfrg Bundle 06 10 San Francisco 17 19
' Blfp Mayflwr 12 15 Shoshone- .... — C 8
Bullfg N Bk 16 17 Shoshn B Gld- 24 25
Blfrg Sunset. 07 OS! Stelnway 13 14
Den Bullfrog 25 261 Ventura 05 11
*Dn Blfg An* 02 -*4 Vista 'Grande. — C 3
Eclipse 31 82! Wolverine ... 05 10
Other Districts. . •
Gold Reed Ex — 25' Paymaster ... 01 02
Gold Reed M — 25 Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Golden Terra. 25 < — Rocco Hmstk. — 90
Gold Quarts. 40 — Rothwoll .... — 26
Kawlch &B. — 13 Silver Peak.. — 17
Kawlch Gold. — iO2 Southwestern. — 25
Kawch MCo — 64| Sylvanla OS 10
1 11 II Ml ll— I I \u25a0 11l \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 — _
ROLLINS & SONS
433" CALIFORNIA ST.
_ SAN FRANCISCO.
BOSTON CHICAGO DENVER
INVESTMENT .
SECURITIES
C Buy and Sell California Bonds,
municipal and corporation. Lists
mailed upon application. Corre-
spondence invited.
Uda Hatr*.. — SSlTOftOp Con ... 15 18
Lynx Creek... 81 — f
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following; .were the- sales on th« Saa Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange, yesterday:
9:13 a. m. Session.
300 Mexican » 48! 1000 Jdnubo M Co.l <X»
700 Con r»M...l 4012000 Dlamondfleld. 35
2<50 Ton N Star. 49| 1000 Ohio, s 10. .. W
400 Ton X Star.. £0-1000 MacN&mara. . 33
11 a. m. Session,
CCCO St Ives 12' 500 Caledonia .... 5S
100 Mont Ton ..2 35 6CO Jim Butler .. 64
700 Mont Ton. .2 37V, 1500 Ohio 2fl
1000 M'Nmra, blO 17 SPO Red Top ..... 95
2000 May Queen.. 171 200 Red Top* a 10 »3
200 Ton Mldway.l 60 2500 Nat Bk , 060 IT
2600 Ton N Star. 50l 500 Dlamondfleld. 34
ICCO So Eureka... 15, 2000 Kendall 37
500 Mexican 1 40t Isf<> Coldfld M.slO 61
1000 Silver Pick.. 101 205 West End ...1 20
1000 Sliver Pick. . ll! 3300 Mobnwk. b3O 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstock?. \u25a0 . .
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 C6| Julia «J 07
Alta 03 — Justice C 5 Cfl
Andes 20 21 ! Kenturk — 01
Belch*r S3 \u25a0 24 ! Lady Wash... — 04
Best & BeK.l 40 — Mexican 1401 45
Bullion ...... 26 27{ Occidental ... 6O —
Caledonia ... 62 64! Ophir S 12% 625
Challenge •. .. 21 — [Overman .... 15 18
Chollar IS 10 Potosi 09 10
Confidence . . 85 901 Savage 54 55
Con Va M...1 35 1 4O 1 3<* Belcher.. 09 10
Con Imperial — 01! Scorpion 13 1.1
Con NY — ©4> Sierra N#t... S7 38
Crown Point. 14 . 15' Silver Hi 11... W 87
Exchequer ..88 — I St Louis 03 09
E Sierra Ncr — 04| Union C0n.... 68 60
Gould &• Cur. 13 14 Utah ..." 08 to
Hal* & Norc.l 15 — 1 Tellow Jacket 14 15
Tonopah District;
Belmont 203 2 10| MacXaman.. 33 38
California ... 00 10 Midway tSO —
Cash Boy .. 12 14 Mlipah Ex .. IS 2O
Colehan — 09 Mont Ton. -.2 32% 235
Gold Anchor. 79 — North Star... M 52
Great Westrn — 04 Ohio 28 27
Home 14. — Paymaster... — 02
Home Con .. — 0 s Rmcu* ...... — C 9
Ind Tonopah. — 01 Ton EXten ..3 50 —
Jim Butler... <O — JTon of N»t. —IS CO
Little Ton .. — 2 751 West Etod ...1 13 — '
Lucky Tom.. — Cst
GoldSsld District.
Adams 05 —J Jumbo Ex ... It IS
Black Butt*.. 21 —4 Kendall 37 3S
Blk Btte Ex. — 08%lLone Star ... 07 —
Black Rock.. 01% 02 May Queen... 1.1 IS
Blue Ben ... — 06 Mohawk M 25
Blue Ball ... — 07, Not Ooldfl«li. 23 25
Brooklyn.... 01 C2| Oakes „ — OS
Columbia Mt 11 — Oro — 05
Diamond .... — lSfPa Goldfleld.. — C 2
Diamondileld. 28 -T, Ke-3. Lton .... OB —
Dm B Btt« C 84 $51 Red Top ....86 —
Dixie 05 Co; Red Top Ex.. — 03
Frisco — 07StlTe«.. 10 11
Exploitation. — 04. Sandstorm ... — <K>
Gtdfld O Dst — 07) Sandatorm Ex — 1O
Gld& G Reed — 101 Silver Pick. .. 0»% —
Goldfleld N«v 61 — Stmmerono ..10 20
Great Bend.. — 07 Vernal 06 —
Jumbo MCa 95 — |
• Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ...02 — ' Llgs Harris.. ot% 02
Beatty Blfrg. — 03! Mont Eulirrotr — 03
Bullfrog Anx. — OCt Orlg Bullfrog. IT 19
Bullfrg BeUe — 07, Shoshon* .... — CO
Bullfrog Mln 36 4O< Vista Grand*. — 05
Bullfsr NBk 15 171 Wolverine ... — 10
Eclipse — 85| V.-i
Other Districts.
Brown Hop*. — 141 Ray St O"Brl«a 08 —
Esperinza .. — 01! Rothwoll .... — 10)
Free Gold .. — 151 Silver Peak.. — 18
Gold Mt Con — 02| Ton Berkeley. — C 3
Kawlch Gold. — 03: Ton Gold Mt. 07 W
Nrv Sunshine .15 — I
FLOW OF CALIFORNIA RIVERS.
Tba following tabl» gives a cofflparattv*
statement for two years of th« estimated Bow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet per
second, or second feet. The figures for tha
last year may b« revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by W. B. Clapp,
hydrographer. United States Geological Surrey;
TULB RTVER. NEAR PORTERVTT-TT-
Second FVet.
DATE.
1904. 1905.
December 3.. IS 10*
December 4. 23 9»
December 5 *2S 98
December 6 23 M
December 7 2S 98
December 8 29 98
December P > 32 93
KINGS RIVER. NEAR S ANGER.
December 3 445 240
December 4 420 280
December 5 370 302
December 6 348 ISO
December 7 325. 280
December 8 325 290
December 9 348 280
TUOL.UMNE RIVER AT LA ORANGE.
December 8 510 110
December 4....... 510 110
December 5 510 110
December 6 470 110
December 7 430 110
December S 430 110
December 9 430 110
. (Including Modesto and Turtocfc Canals. >
SACRAMENTO RIVER. NEAR REP BLUFF.
December 3..... 9595 5785
December 4 9430 8755
December 5 9120 5795
December 6 M 53 5785
December 7 M«O 5755
D^ember P 8500 . 6755
December 9 $310 .5785
Hara Qaestlon*.
"How many holes are there In a
laced boot of the ordinary type? I>o
you know how many there are la the
pair you are wearing?'' That Is an
other question — and it Is a little am
biguous, for the average man's Ordi
nary laced boots are gonerally given
away by his wife before he has had
time to count the holes. "Which of the
feet of a horse- touch the ground' In
trottingr* asks the examiner. You
may imagine the whole class raising
arms and shouting, "All of 'em!"
Any one man may fog another with
Ignorance, for our knowledge is In
patches. Is it worth your while, sup
posing you have any business to carry
through, to ascertain how many V's
there on a clock face?. Do you want
to know how many ribs there are in
the cover of your umbrella? This is
the umbrella-maker's business. You
want only to find the time of day and
avoid the rain. "Thousand words."
says an editor to the amateur writer,
who may be an umbrella-maker. It
happens many times a day. The ama
teur never knows what exertion and
what space this means. But the Jour
nalist knows exactly the amount of
gray matter, black ink and white paper
the demand Implies. How many words
are there in this pararaph? Now—
quick! — London Chronicle.
55no_textno_text> The Gall P^ mtblistieu m san t rancisco
THB WEATHER. .
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy
Sunday; light northeast wind*, chang
ing to westerly.
•A. O. McADIE. '
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCIX— NO. IT.
E. F. WOODWARD IS NAMED
FOR PORT SURVEYOR.
Nomination by the
President Sent
to Senate.
Spear to Step Out
After a Long
bervice.
Gossip of Coming
Campaign in
Dispatches from Washington. D. C,
announce that the President has nomi
nated E. F. Woodward for Surveyor of
Customs, port of San Francisco, vice Jo
eeph S. Spear Jr., term expired. Senator
Perkins was the moving: spirit in the ap
pointment of the Sonoma State Senator,
although the Junior Senator, Frank P,
Flint, acquiesced. Mr. Spear was highly
indorsed for reappointment by many
tnerchants, bankers and business men of
Ean Francisco, but as he had held the
office for eight years the senior Senator
deemed a change advisable.
. Edward F. Woodward was born at Dv- j
A tuque, lowa, January 1, 1552. He came to j
California in 1554 and received his educa- :
lion In the public schools of this State.
He has resided in Oroville, Sacramento.
Placerville, San Francisco and Oakland.
In ISS3 he removed to Santa Rosa. He
was city treasurer of Santa Rosa two
terms,' Mayor of the city two terms and
treasurer of Sonoma County two terms.
He^was elected to the State Senate,
Eighth Senatorial District (Sonoma Coun
ty). November 4, 1902. In his capacity as
State Senator he voted to elect Perkins
and Flint to the United States Senate.
He is secretary of the Republican State,
Committee, having been chosen for that
lK>sition at the beginning of the last
Presidential campaign. He is regarded as
a high-class man of integrity and ability*
The undercurrent of gossip in political
camps leads to the opinion that the State
campaign of 1306 will be decidedly . inter
esting. It is already known 'that Santa
<_'ruz will put" in a strong bid for the priv
ilege of entertaining delegates to the Re
publican nominating convention. Sacra
mento, it is Bald, will make an active con
test to hold its prestige* as a convention
city. The convention will. assemble inthe
latter part of August or early in Septem
ber. 1.11 .1 * ' > '
TOO MAST ELECTIONS.
Under the old consolidation act San
Francisco had an "off year" from poli
tics, but under the new charter every
year brings on a political flght. - The
regular election and the preliminary . pri
mary contest make two elections-annu
ally. In Presidential years there is a
May primary in addition to the August
primary and the general election In No
vember. When the voters are not voting
yiey are organizing and raising money for
JH iimpaign expenses. The burden on the
Vaxpayers has become so grevious that a
constitutional amendment to diminish the
number of elections is strongly favored.
In Alameda County also an "off year'\
in politics is not known. As soon as the
ballots of one election are counted prep
arations are made for the next contest.
Alameda County is the dwelling place
of very many Federal office-holders of
high rank, and when State and local af
fairs of a political character are not
agitated the bestowal of Government po
sitions engages attention of the electors.
Jt follows, therefore, that there Is always
•something doing" in Oakland.
The politicians are now wondering
x* nether the Republican convention of 1906
«t Santa Cruz or Sacramento will give
Alameda County three important places
on the ticket. It is common rumor that
Governor Pardee expects renomination.
It is known that Justice' Hall will be a
formidable candidate for retention on the
Court of Appeals. Justice Henshaw may
decide that an extension of his career as
an Associate Justice ""of the Supreme
'\u25a0 Court would be acceptable.
Word cornea from Santa Rosa that
Judge A. G. Burnett would not object to
a nomination on the Republican ticket for
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court
to succeed F. W. Henabaw or William G.
Ixirigan. The latter was appointed to
mi the nnexpired term of Jackson Tem
ple deceased. Superior Judge Oater of
Bali Bernardino County is also on the list
'jf those who would not decline .' the
Aionor of service on the Supreme bench.
COMMISSION VACANCIES, c
It is expected that Governor "', Pardee
will soon appoint some one to fill the
vacancy on the Board of Bank Commi»
tioners caused by the resignation of
Zoeth S. Eldredse. In March next the j
term of John D. Mackenzie, Harbor Com
missioner, will expire. There Is 1 no lack
of candidates for this place.
The term of J. H. Wllkins of the State
Board of Prison Director* will expire on
the 12th ot next month. The Republican
County Committee of Marin County, has
indorsed Editor Pryor as the man to suc
ceed Editor Wllkins. \u25a0 :
There is a deal of whispering in local
political circles regarding the organiza
tion of the Board of Supervisors. The
members of the beard were elected on the
Union Labor ticket, and the contention is
made that the party should be h»ld re
sponsible for the administration of local
affairs. There Is a suspicion that Ruef
wants to organize the board as an auxili
ary branch of his law office and thus di
rect all the local legislation. Several of
the Supervisors are said to be bitterly
opposed to the execution of Ruers pro
gramme, but It \u25a0is intimated that they
have not the courage to flght the boss to
the finish, although they . are impressed
nlth the belief that the board. should de-*
clare its Independence of Ruef.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 16.— Senator -E./ F.
Woodward, * when seen at his home in
this city, to-night, said all the informa
tion In his possession of his appointment
had been gleaned from the 'press reports,
t>»tt he naturally accepted -them; as true.
fefl^e the first publication that he was to
be the candidate of the. California Sena-J
t ors for the , position Mr. Woodward ; has
received a flood of congratulatory letters
from all parts of the State. • 4 ' : \u0084
"I understand," said, be,' t'that • the' pat
ronage of the office is- all under -the civil
service rules, which . will mean that the
work of the office. will be carried on in
The San Francisco Call.
I- SANTA ROSA BANKER.. NAMED
BY PRESIDENT FOR SURVEYOR
OF CUSTOMS. \u25a0
UNCLE SAM
GOES AFTER
SWINDLERS
Ikds Big Frauds
in Land Deals
ill XIdiLJSdJS.
TOPEKA, Dec* 16.— The Federal , Grand
Jury, which has , been investigating Gov
ernment'land frauds in Kansas/ to-night
returned an indictment against State
Senator- F. Dumont Smith on the charge
of Influencing a Federal officer to neglect
his duty. Five other indictments were re
turned. :\u25a0\u25a0'?, - \u25a0 ,
-: Smith is : Senator from a district in the
southwestern corner of the State com
prising, eighteen counties. He is . charged
Jointly with his law, partner, , Roscoe Wil
son, .with conspiracy, to violate the Fed
eral law,: which provides ". ay penalty -for
Influencing ' for 'a; consideration > any . Gov-'
err.ment official on any .matter, then pend
ing b'efore7the-.'officlaKVj.' . : \ .•— <
It is .alleged; in ; the ~} t indictment that
Smith and 'Wilson for. a ./consideration
influenced the opinion and actions" of T." E.
Ryan, formerly* special agent- in the Gov
ernment .land 'office, in -land •' fraud "• cases
whlch;he Vwas; investigating. In Hodgman
Colirity.) Kan;: 'According^ to •;, the; allega
tions the- nien r lmplicated/ in. ithe. cases
under, consideration . were japprbachefL.'by
Wilson, who : told <them thafheVand SerP
ator Smith "could fix it up", if they would
raise the sum? of J2S(W. v This 'was .raised
and divided equally ; between; Smith/. WII-"
son and Ryan, ;.' the , Grovernmen t \u25a0[ agent.
It is, alleged thatpßyan 'then j reported to
his Buperiors'that he.had Investigated the
cases ; and found \ that th e f our . men, who
contributed-.the money were not. guilty, of:
making,:: f raudhleht, entries,'.. of < land ./in:
Hodgman County, 'and (that • there -was
no' • evidence >-to":warrant • their t arrest.', i";
, The; four {landowners implicated are W.
A. .'Hannah/; P.- A. ; P,almer/ ; -Charles ". 3.
Johnston and -i George' • Montague.! . P.'^ Al ;
Palnftr. was ProbatelJudge .of \u25a0 Hodgman
County, and* Johnston > was fone ]\ of ; the
County';- Commissioners : wfien*. theVoffense
i« alleged \ to ,\u25a0 have taken,place.t-'An"indict
ment was returned against Ryan,', the spe
cial .agent, ; to-night ' charging . him with
receiving money..: or * other .valuable : con
sideration '. for , allowing i his -; opinion * and
actions to* be ' influenced In a case under
his investlgationi . The home of Ryan Ms
at iBL Charles, , 111. He is the son of
former Congressman Ryan... \u0084 \u0084\u25a0
«. Senator > Smith ; is ; attorney for some of
the cattlemen -.who. were indlcted'a week
ago . for illegal - fencing of " Governmerit
land and . conspiracy^ to ;\u25a0 defraud -by this
same: Grand /Jury; He : was . one of ; the
original backers of United States Senator
J. . R.*l Burton, i recently i convicted by , the
Federal Court at St. Louis. .
;: : Senator Smith Is also the author, of , the
State oil .refinery . bill passed by \u25a0 the State
Legislature at* 'the l time of the. anti-
Standard Oir fight last winter, and after
ward held unconstitutional: by,' the State
Supreme ' Court. i^j&ftjfijßfßSagjg^y; . " :
. The ' Grand Jury to-night also ' indicted
J. -E. Bilby, L.*, C: Bilby \u25a0 and J. Hf Drain
•of Wallace County for making fraudulent
land entriesiv '-..-'•>/. :•<\u25a0;/;- .
* An! indictment was : returned against J.
-W" '".'• Higglns, ; assistant J « Postmaster.'.? at
Lansing, v Kans. . charging; him -.with I steal
ing $1300 of Government : funds. '.
the \u25a0 same manner that ' It - has been In {the
past,- I* ehall try- to so 'conduct thetofflce"
as* to merit.- the,: respect i and -confidence
of I the ; California i Senators ' and ;. the pub
lic • with .whom } I'jBhall : come . In contact lln
an -official,": manner, the ', im
porter "and: shipper.' '^7 v \u25a0:•' . . ;*\u25a0; .; .».
."„'.' At \u25a0 the • special \u25a0of my. business
associates . I- shall : retain/ for. the 'present,
my (position >as i president \of • the, j Union 1
Trust Savings j Bank: and j retain f my ;j resi-f'
denceTin this- city. ~.\-- All ; ? my.' efforts; will
be 'to ' exDedite " business ' for.' the \u25a0 good tof
the seryice.V'; :
V ; ...V ' , • ' ;; '- :-:': -:' -'
EIGHTY-FOUR" PAGES^r-SAN ;FRANCISCO;^ SUNDAY, DEGEMBER iT^IQOS^PAGESr 57 vTOC-TO.
KILLS A MAN
AND INJURES
MANY OTHERS
Ton : of Gelinite
Explodes While
Tliawmg;
Scores of Employes at
MineHuit by FJy
• ing Debris.
Windows Broken and Goods
Displayed by [Stores A
Are' Damaged;
SPOKANE, Wash., * Dec. 16.— A special:
to the Spokesman-Review from Rossland. -
B. C, says: - "\u25a0 V;"'. \u25a0" . _ ; . .\u25a0".;\u25a0 .' , ..
.At. 2 o'clock this afternoon about a ton
of gelinlte, in~ the thawing house fof "the*
Center Star mine", exploded , throUghVsome
unknown cause," killing John S. ' Ingram/
formerly. Chief of * Police here, . and injur-"
Ing "several scores of • persons. ; J Ingram
.was foreman' blaster./, and ' his 'death "re
moved the > only possible source of tinfor-*
mation as to \u25a0 the cause of .the' exploslon.-
Hls badly - mangled ; body was I recovered
from; the? debris." "''•\u25a0" •;.' • ;" : ''I X : ' •'
/ Lockhart, ' assistant diamond (drill • oper
ator, - who was j at; work -under, the' : Center
Star office. ..was badly. eut| about the head
and legs, but < will "recover, i Several ; mem
bers \u25a0 of: the* "office : staff t arid;; men ' In the
compressor building .were" hurt ; by flying
glass ,or .by ; 'being ijf thrown,;.. violently
against , the machinery?: r Buildings ; in ? the
Immediate -vicinity j; were"; twisted \6uti Of
shape '{and7"the"V windows "all "^broken.',' Ih
the big -War Eagle boarding '. house some
of -the inmates^ were ; injured /slightly.^
In . the f city/ the : shock ,', the \u25a0 explosion
caused . much'^ cons ter nation and j did < large
damage.' ; : \u25a0\u25a0 Nearly | all \ the ' plate-glass"; win
dows on polumbla' avenue r were j smashed,
many • ; people J receiving : cuts \ from ; frag-,
ments. . Merchants • had Christmas
goods • displayed {suffered ; heavy; loss."; The
amount of ! glass .'.destroyed Jis | enormous;
and i heavy \ importations ! f or .s repairs /will
be necessary.., The: citizens! feel thankful,
nevertheless, * that : the > loss "of rl lif eland
property \u25a0 was hot 1 greater.
The Center Star/jWar Eagle and Le Rol
mines ! will ' be . shut down? for.; a" few - days
Because of ; injury \to i the ; steam ? and : ; air
pipes and machinery ; and '.the practical
wreck- of » the'-, buildings " containing : them.
The damagre cannot be'exactly appraised,
but it is \ thought it will " reach probably
$50,000. , ' : \u25a0
KING ADOPTS
XCLOTHING OF
BRIGHT HUES
Special Cable to Thei Call! and; New York Her
-. aid. .Copyright, M9os,> by;, the New York
_. Herald Publishing- Company. \ .
LONDON, Dec. < 16.— No Z longer satisfied
with^a'dreary black coat; men, "at last,
accordingito the jTailorjand rClitterrs are
beginning ;. to \u25a0: adopt clothlng/of s 'a% bright'
color, and vivid patterns.^ specially is this
the case with sporting men," owing to the
fashion * set . by; the \u25a0 King. /' ' , '-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.-.•* :..';: :
, During? his;. Majesty's "recent stay, V at
Sandringham *he . adopted •>\u25a0 a very ' showy
style of dress, consisting, of a scarlet Tarn
O'Shanter/;; a" drab*? Norfolk g jacket \u25a0 and
knickers ? and " brightly.: colored i hose. . *: ' \
'}, The\ efforts :. to > relieve s the f sbmberness
of rumen's "clothing ; have?beenf especially
directed (toward the production of ; stylish
faney (i vests \ and { particular' attention : has
been paid Jto ? the £ buttons \of ? these "gar
ments; the tailor and Jeweler having tried
to /outdo -one' another Pin the beauty .'of,
their, productions. f:f :> -^" \i.> %..; ; ;-.- ; \u25a0
' "The i latest ? development > In . this • direc
tion," -said the Tailor and Cutter, "Is the
reproduction > Inf s miniature U\ of, famous
works Vof * art : by; such t artists ' as Gains
borough, 1 ; Romney.; andj others.Vj These"; are"
about '. the usual ' size and : style .and ; doubt-*
less! will be '\u25a0\u25a0 much valued \u25a0 by; i collectors^ In
the future. , ""fi^lH'ff^OTHiffWß '""'"'
"*'We cannot say;we like ;the. idea; for^ lt
opens r-upr -up f such"; grotesque ? developments
that ? the ; danger : ls| that \ lt|will \ make \ the*
wearer ( a !";walking ? picture .\u25a0; gallery,; to v be
viewed by; the 'aid -of ;a microscope.''" .
EXPRESS CAR
IS DYNAMITED
BY ROBBERS
TACOMA, •, Dee. * 16.— Northern t Paelkc
\u25bcrest bound , : North Coaist % llmltetf ' train
{ was] held? vp to-nlsht Tat | HUlslaeliiewr
EllenMbarg; ' andjthe^e^praiiloirldyaar
i mMe'^f "}Vii^^etall2|k«w^^nt|m^Tc^
bntlltTlsln¥deT»toodjli"Vn^of/the7i;ag
sensors or tralai>e«TweT«!taJarc«^i^
THREE GENERALS ARE KILLED
BY MANCHURI AN TROOPS.
\u25a0; ST. ' PETERSBURG, , Dee. 16.
' Dispatches received . from Man
churia to-day represent the
situation ; in the nrmy \u25a0 an des
perate." Many of the 'officers
are In hldlnsr ' from; their orvn
troops, ; t earlngr for their • lives.
The ' men are burning and pll
laciag rverytlilng within their
reach,' -while the civil • popula
tion has 'fled. Revolutionary
proclamations have" been posted,
about the barracks and \ln . the
\ streets. Dissensions amonsr tlie
chief officers \u25a0 seriously compli
cate 'matters. . The . soldiers ac
cuse the commissariat of nteal-
Ing large qnantltles .of sup
plies and - have burned their
houses. Three g-cnerals in this
department have been killed by
the men. General Llnevitch
and General Mlstchenko are
afraid to show, themselves. -
Government's Hands
.Tie^While Revolu
- X tion: Spreads.
Strikers Prevent Send
;ilne: of Troops to Rut
I
Down Revolt.
Plotvto Kidnap Count
: Serge deAA/itfei Is .
/Uncovered.
Special ; Dispatch to' The [Call.
SST^PETERSBURG,? Dec^l6.-^The ' ex
pectation", ot ' jthe downf all^pf > the j Govern-;
rhent Tat "an \ early, day; continues \ to), grow
in ;j this jjcityVr^TheJlnsurgents, still _'hold
Riga, Reval arid! otheVTßal tic towns.; The
garrisons r in r those'ifprovinces JafeViiisum
dent; to' put jdown Hhe rebels j and
the artillerymen'' refuse itoj fire fat ihem.V
v] Strikes f of 2 railroad ; workmen and 1 the
crews of •steamships prevent Lthe forward
ing;, of 'troops -^ and f- ammunition V, to the
troubled, provinces. </; '\u25a0'.">' ;. r^, : *
I Though 1 the' Government" has \u25a0 been .urged
to dispatch fa; fleet !. to "the Baltic i ports.'
Admiral; Blrilefft hesitates., to 'make -any,
movej ; f eelingnhaf, his ' sailors - will i join
the armed .working-"
men 1 ". thieMowhs,^ while t ': peasants
f rom \ the ; surtounding.* districts • bring/ in
and Z distribute"? provisions^ to a the \ reyolu
tlonists.;vi*Stores^ have ;; been'i looted - and
burned. f 'c^'^rv''.^.^-^-' v-:*, :'><?/ ' v ... \u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0'"•
V ; Four .banks [In'- Moscow; failed \ yesterday.
Everybody/ demands gold in : withdrawing
money. " Under * the s pretext? of .spreading
gold- abroad \u2666 Inf. view to I paying^lnterests
on\ bonds,'! the ; Government is ; planning, to
transfer ; the gold \u25a0 reserve to) foreign coun-;
tries,' fearing , that a sudden outbreak 1 will
1 tause its loss.] Thus CountTde jWitte, hopes
54j render, a revolutionary j Government im-~
- while himself of } Euro
pean support." \u25a0 : ;-.-.v. 'i; : 'i- :,-\u25a0_:;
IV develops ; that ,! among I the ; papers of
M. Krustaleff , \.the , president ; of - t the : exec
utive committee of i the Coun
cil, : seized ; at \ thei time jof * his ; arrest/, were*
documents^ whlch' ; furnish i evidence of a
well : * planned conspiracy ,;. to \u25a0:\u25a0• seize "and
carry off; Premier, de\Witte. -*
MIRES ARE .' STIIiL . CLOSED.
.'Strikers Occasionally Ask;- the. Capital
it: Dnrnovo - Has I Been ' t Dicmta ied." ' \u25a0'\u25a0:'.
:f: f : IST.I:l ST.1: PETBItSBURG, v^Dec: 16:--To.
night^- the %> telegrraph.l office 'H at '; Kieft
called > t up --U St. .' Petersburg ? and asked
.whether j Minister *- of lthe] Interior \u25a0* Dur
;novo S hadrjbeenfdismissed.Tvi" Receiving
Ia /: negative % rejjly/-; the \ sounder ~i ceased
and all efforts to call up that city -\ver«
; lnt.yaiiL": f.The" same thins r occurred ? on
\u25a0 the s lrkutsk 2,wlre.7V:.-K.; : "- ''' 'r : iSr-:l'-: <J ''{y'.[
I '\u25a0'':' The "% Slovo^ severely '-]}, criticizes \u25a0) thti
Foreign 2 Office t f or>; ; the , appolnf%ient of
M. ; Bakme tleff , i formerly j; Minister at
The vHagrue^'i' and ; diplomatic y agent H In
Bulgaria, as \u25a0 Minister •to Japan, saying
I the v selection of |ai man f rom'< a 1?a 1 ? third
pate J post is a puerile attempt to • humil
' late Japan and will react on , Russia in
,the : ; eyes lof the iworld.-'^i: '^'\u25a0'\u25a0lii- -U"-C r .i^ '•
':\u25a0 ' . The* colonel \u25a0 of the ; grenadiers to-day
\u25a0ent I a message to \ the < mutineers, offer
ing to consider i, their; proper grievances
If c they, ',would| submit gthem.*^ He '*, has
received * no^reply.'^ Only.t eight J opera*
tors'areiWorking^inKtheitelegraph'sbf-'
flces.^SThe^ telegrapherSjf congress ? has'
again;: resolved j, to Jcontlhue'.'thel: 'striked
TWELVE ' RIOTERS KILLED.
Repelled by Military Guard of the Rln
Water Works.
i~~ RIGA/, R^ussia,"Wednesday,iDeo.' 13.^-;
,The:* streets £ are \iinfested J^with glnoeS?
diaries/ Many woodehY structures "have
c been';burhed/>;/-'.''~ : -V*/ . iWV;' '??'\u25a0\u25a0 '.'\u25a0'/ v;* \u25a0\u25a0'.;.-'\u25a0•
, iThe^revolutionary^ committee v> holds
all Jmaih^ roads;
are resulting I* in « an", enor^
mous'riseiinlthe"'prices)of [fobd-7-Vv? '0
'•". rAimbb*hasiplpndered|and?setSflreftb
some: of jtherJewish^housesi ln^thef t(u
burbß. S The Jews ] have organized armed
patrols^ each^al'hundredjffstrongr.lli to
g-uard^theTJewlshlQuartfers fat night.
rflThe f electric f light fworlcs j being
6perated|bylthe]mllitary.' i i?J^s ff * S!! *'--
4 Twel ve^rioters |were p. killed | here $to-»
dayy::,Theyiwere;shoti? : by:jtlwsmllitary
guard jfat I thel I water4works.l|^A.Tmob|of
LlthuhiansT&ttempted [to] 1 6rcVthe T doors
of A£the>^water&works, ft /,whereupon|the
g^ard'- flfed.'* .The j rest : of ;t the * rioters
fled.'. \u25a0 ' .\u25a0 . ... \u25a0 ............ \u25a0 \u25a0
PARIS '\u25a0 BOURSE ) DEPRESSED/
Rnsaian Imperial^ Four* j Softer ", :'a j Fur-
tb*r ; Decline.
PARIS/: Dec.-; 16—TherelwasmuchVde
pre^ssion^onSthelBoujrselto^a^yJ^w^g,
gjgjgwwil^Slj^^ Colum^gl
MURDERERS'? E>TRICHINO* 1 - THEM-"*
•-•\u25a0 SELVES VAT'- THE .'• EXPENSE OF
JEWS! IN/ A RUSSIAN 1 CITY.-:;
THIRTY YEARS
IS THE LIFE OF
AN IRON GIRDER
Architect Predicts -the
Collapse of Steel
: v Buildings. ; "
Special -Dlipatch to; ThaCaU.-/
rt ; LONDON,^ Dec.^ l«.^-"The life "of; an L iron"
Btruct'.ire exposed , to 'the ; weather 'depends
absolutely] on a thinlskln'; of i paint iwel put
upon % it, « whlch\; Is 1; constantly '-\u25a0. perishing
and; ; must:* be \ constantly/; renewed;? "* Iron 1
constructioh" it 5 may.i safely -be \u25a0 maintain-^
"edn is f still its ' trial \u25a0 and '.what j has > Just
occurred f mayX be I a '\u25a0\u25a0 bad \ omen, ;1 the j pre-_
cursor loff a ? similar.; catastrophe.',';;'.*;* : ] :J.
.These ' passages i from."' a % letter; written
by a \u25a0 ' distinguished '". architect/'-- P vThomas
Jackson/*; R.A:/t; to |Times/t in '1 refer^
ence >to \ the , Charing ' Cross disaster/;*Jack
&o\x>> raises J, thai question* [of 'the " safety of
iron^ building £ generally ? and % recalls j the
fact ".'.'that lthe] housei fronts ; of^. miles • and
miles f of ; London I streetsj are j [entirely ' cart*
ried"on! lron' girders and sthat they," are not"
proofs against 'damps = : and -S fogs -of
London,'; to the ravages of which the iron
girder 1 1s as ? susceptible )' as the . human
lung.'« "£yi~fi : ' -i--' 1 ' \u25a0' \u25a0--\u25a0 '.' . '\u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0.;'-'\u25a0\u25a0'"..
ii Jackson \ adds i that n thirty v years have .
been said J toj be the 'life "of { a * girder,"! and
concludes ;,by saying £ that "i no ;; arohitect
' who| wishes ia * building)' to . live i will £ usej
iron f or f steel? except j f ori sueh 1 : minor; mat
ters; as Ulesft bolts, /plate's (and ; small j gird
ers! to* carryJ the': floors. " : - \
succumbslto; gangrene: . ;:. . -;
',^'/ produced by, x-rays
Arthur Radlgrnet, - French Scientist,
: Gives .Hint Llfei In "Study, ot s . U
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:;\u25a0.-. s , :\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0/:.:•\u25a0\u25a0: ' Force.' 1 ;;': "-^ ;'. ;, ' -
." fpAßl¥/f'D"ec/H6.^Arth s urVßadignet* : a'
"sciehtlstriwho/lslncelthe^discoveryilof,
*the*£ X-rays/S had S devoted %> his J life g to"
|thelr*study,^notably ( iln|regardlto"ithenr >
the] human 1 , body,"^ has* just! di^d'
lin'lParis^a'ivictimltolhisldevotlonfto:
fscience^ThejX^rays;pr6duced r alwdund ;
Uh'* his Erightlarmriwhich's could? not , be
\ healed. J ;S Gangrene /eventually I :>\u25a0 set r \u25a0 in ",
. the thsateks. \u25a0
\u25a0pWBWfifWMMiiM, MlWß|ii«iai^M
'ALCAZAR— **Tfc« :S«CT«t of Polichl-
V r.nellel" /; Matinee.
:*ALHAMBRA^-"Resurrectlon." Mai
'\u25a0-'in«e/;* I .'-
CALIFORNIA— •.'IIenr . Burlesquers."
Matlne*.
\u25a0 CHUTES— Vaudeville. Mitinee.
: COLUMBIA— "Tb« , College Widow." .
GRAND— "The. Fires of, St. John."
MAJESTIC— '."Christopher Jr." Mai
'OßPHUUM—Vaudeville. . *
TTVOLI— Comic Opera,
WHITE GIRLS
HELD SLAVES
BY CHINESE
Fouiid
in CHicagp - Opium
Resort.
BpedaJ • Dispatch to Th« \u25a0 CaiL
i CHICAGO/; Dec. \ 16.— The : "white . slave".
traffic in" young American girls • among
the ; Chinese, • with headquarters "in •- Chi-'
cago, '.was ' bared 'j to-day/^ the • police "'de
clare,: when :Marler L - Howard, .'a ;pretty ;
land ;apparently .reflned • young • woman
O. ;. years, ? .who • declares herself to ; have
been V a. ,"^assar.«_ student; ; was t arraigned
In .Justice ,: Prindiville's v court, . charged
.with smoking opium. She • was arrested
In a raid on an. opium resort at 321" Clark
street, arid with her was taken Mrs. Tong
Den, {a white woman "who -was. formerly.
Maude * Stone: of \u25a0-\u25a0_ New *Tork.V The '-latter
Is 'the-, white' wife ;bf v a -Chinese and," the
police charge, was attempting to trans
port M^sl»Howardi through secret Chinese
agencies "• to " ; the * Orient, where ; American
girls fare- said ...to? be "j, held y prisoners .in
Hongkong and Shanghai.
/ilnpector.-.^ Wheeler, "at ;once. began -a
searching" investigation. , : He drew from
Miss " Howard - the > confession - that v she
had I ! run* away, from home." - HUSi
VThere is, VI 'white sla"ve',' traffic in Chi
cago,'' Mrs/ Den admitted,-"- "and *I * know
a.great. great deal about* it,- as everybody \ does
\u25a0who; knows* the Chicago I Chinese well/ I
haveTnothingitOidoJ with it, c how ever. ; .
.1 '.'Several ; girls 'are ; taken j, to ! China
eV'eryj yearj and ? mahyjof i^them^ never i see
their * native \ land again. .A j still f larger
number,; are" neverj sent * to j China, » but are
injcaptivity ; j t by i ,the'- Chinese ; here." -
rSMysteryrf surrounds; 'the*- identity i. of * the*
iVassar ; girl. She! said "she j-'came" from"
New :Tork :. State jf recently, '\u25a0"[ but" refused
'to 1 say,! where „ her; parents ' lived/She ; de
nied|stf ehuously 5 that Yshe * ever • smoked
the police' noticedithat she had
none of .. the'marks of .the confirmed opium
user.
"Wbuldiinvestlsate : Spool ; Cotton ;Tru»t.
; TORONTO. ; Dec. ; 16.— Crown Attorney
Kurry;- to-day^f seized sthe" records ?ofi the"
Central'Agency,llimitedr;fromjwhich;he
hopes j* to showj that f .the T whole ; spool
cottoh'buslness.in' Canada is controlled
byja) comblne?"s?iThe feffect Jof jthisTcom-'
bine,^itliatsata/*has;beeh to'igiveiEhg-;;
lishjandijUnitedjStatesTmills the whole
Canadian! tradeTWKHB
PRICE FIVE GENTS.
WHITE WIFE
TIRES OF LIFE
IN A WIGWAM
Pretty Allie4Hart De
serts Winnelia^o
Husband.
Soecl&I Dlsaatch \u25a0to Th» Call.
1 • SIOtTX -CITT.": lowa. --Dec." IS.— Pretty,
petite J and' chajming Uttle ; Allie Hart
Blackhawk, the '* 13-year-old * daughter of
Dr.; and '\u25a0\u25a0 Mrs. -E. Hart" of ' the .Wlnnebagd
agency, who •\u25a0 last : February.^ forsook her
.parents: and, ; much .against the '> will or
her r father, ran away and became th«
wife; of / Joha Blackhawk, :va' Winnebago
-Indian, -has*.: repented 'ot *,her 7» childish
caprice^ • This *. week, > with i her : . parents,
she left* for California' to make that Statd
her! home, forsaking, her* lndian husband.
VZ After, ten months of Indian wedded life,
during; which • time "her husband partici
pated in the Indian dances and powwows.
much to the disgust of his little wife, and
.with nobody but members of the tribe for
associates,"" the ; girl ; who : had defied '\u25a0 her
\u25a0parents " was ; sufficiently repentant "to ask
for '••- her ; parents' blessing and return ',. to
her ; home. ;; Later " she . left , to Join her
parents "at 1 their . new home in California.
to^which , State her father, who 1- for , ten
years "past? had been Government physi
cian at .the Winnebaso agency, had been
transferred. \u25a0 :^SB9ttH9BfIBS9BBH
.. iWlth" her \u25a0 going John H.ißlackhawk i re
turned :', to. his former Indian 'wife,! to
whom he" had been married by .-I ndian
rites > before"; his legal marriagre . with his
pale-faced bride. \ On the departure of. the
Hafts ' for 1 the Pacific \u25a0. Coast ; Blackhawk
accompanied , them to Sioux from th«
Winnebago asency, and ""there.'Cwith the
traditional, '*ugh'*''and ;>a ;shrugiof hia
shoulders/, bade . his .white ; wif e) farewell. ,
*• -'.Ten ; months \ ago ; Dr. * Hart " had 1 pursued
Blackhawk Vto/ Sioux f. City S with ( a rifle.
Vowing ' he . would . kill : him. '•-' The ; girl had
ehgineefed? the elopement;:* procuring " the
horses : on \whlch they ' fl,ed ' and the \u25a0 mar
riage ' license Twhich 'them \u25a0 to~"W
married by a local : clergyman!
MISSISSIPPI. MAKES HOUSMP^
BREAKING • CAPITAL OFFENSES
Netr Law Is . Enacted '; by Lrsislatnre
" ' O-irlnt; to Recent Carnival 'ot \u25a0'',
\ J '. /Crime' ln State.
\u25a0 JACKSON,', Miss".*; Dec. . 16.— Owing [to
the~many\fecent-cases In which house
holders have*been shot by the" burglars,
thei Legislature I to-day, passed : a law
making house-breaking a " uvalUl af -58
OLDEST FIREMAN
IN NEW ENGLAND
> iT^^^^^^iiT I "'' % '''^?t^' l^^^^'~^^iii I have probably answered my last alarm I
feel strong enough to go out with the engine,
. . . MR. MARTIN RIMBACH. \u0084 as I, did forty years Ago. Ino longer feel
/broken down,* for I realise that In Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey I haye >a medicine, and tonic which will enable me, in
spite of my ttfty years of strenuous life, to live to a ripe old age." - - " , J '- ' ' r , »,' *.*/
Martin Rimbach is one of the oldest firemen in point of service in New England, having served more 'than, fifty
years in tho Bangor Fire Department and in all capacities, from the days of the old hand-tub to the fine modern steam-
ers of the present day. He has held a number of important positions in the department, and In \u25a0\u25a0 all the -century
of service missed less than half a dozen alarms and no flre of any importance. Mr. Rimbach 18 One of the most
highly esteemed residents of Bangor and his word Is as good as bis bond. . . : . : -\u25a0 ; . " .
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey
Is a medicine recommended by thousands of hale and hearty old men and women. It arrests the progress of physical
decay, strengthens the heart, enrichesthe blood, nourishes the vital forces and drives out disease. It is' the only posi-
tive preventite and cure of consumption, pueumonia, grip, sore throat, bronchitis, coughs, colds, malaria, low fevers,
. indigestion, constipation and every form di lung, bowel and^jstomach trouble. It makes the old young and the young
strong. Duffy's contains no fusel oil and it Is the only whiskey' recognized by the Government as ; a medicine, •
CAlTTlorv.— When you aslc Tor Unff.v'n Pore Malt Whiskey be rare yon E«t the wnnißf, Look for the **Old CUem-
i>t" irmlr-innrk. Imltutionn are absolutely dßDKerons. Duffy's Is sold by all reliable drnjrclsts and urocers, or direct.
tl a bottle. Ilr sore the neal over the cork is unbroken. Medical booklet and doctor's advice' free. Duffy Malt
Whiskey Co« Rochester. JV. Y. .\u25a0'\u25a0 • \u25a0\u25a0 '' ' \ '\u25a0\u25a0-- ;-'•,?{.; .. '.-'. \u25a0\u25a0\\::.-. :;\u25a0;'"- ',.'.' \u25a0'\u0084- -' , ; ". ; . '\u25a0':"\u25a0:'
BRITISH ADMIRALTY
FROWNS ON LIQUOR
No Officer Under the Age of
Twenty Is Allowed to
Consume Spirits. ~ •
6poc!al Cable^ to The Call anfl New York Her
ald. Copjritrht. 19(3. by the New York
Hf-rald Publishing Company.
LONDON, Dec 16.— U r hen ships belong
ing to the navies of other countries' visit
British shores In future it looks as If
there will not be much flow of wine In
the entertainment afforded by the officers,
lor the admiralty has set lts-f&ce against
thf consumption of alcohol except. In very
moderate doses by naval officers.
The sea lords assert that the daily whis
ky habit destroys the nerve and quick
ness of the brain, and is, in consequence,
fatal to the fleets* .
The officers' .trine books are being ex
amined and ito< officer : under the ase of
20 Is permittee^ to consume spirits of any
kind. As a reason for this order it Is
claimed that the officers of the ships at
home have no work .to do in the after
noon and that their good habits are en
dangered by their leisure. Instead of pro
viding these officers with work the au
thorities have cut off their whisky be
cause a few officers in port are addicted
to convlvlalty.
No man living can give the details of
a wedding ceremony, but every woman
present can tell what every other woman
had on.
(^ Our long experience in catering to boys and
young men gives us rare ."dvantages to gather
together the proper styles in serviceable clothes,
Two-Piece Suits; .: 5«oo to 20.00 -
OVERCOATS CORRESPONDINGLY PRICED
Magic , Lanterns Free • Musical 'Tovs. for •\u25a0
O OS BROS,
KEARNY AT POST .
MISSROOSE^LT
.PAYS. .8120? DUTY
Meets Port Charges Against
Gifts Brought From *
the Orient.
Sned&l DiEpatch to Tb^Call.
WASHINGTON, .vDfec \IJS.-»Jiltes Allt*
Roosevelt's personal for $1206 IS was
sent to-6ay to the Collector of the Port of
Georgetown, In payment of customs duties
on the various presents which she
brought with her from the Orient.
This Bum represents the, duties _oa a to
tal valuation of, »», 000,* Which is the esti
mate placed by the Government appraiser
upon the effects. \u25a0\u25a0'\u0084:,/ >.\-;,»-: r ' r .
Among: the curios are ivory, carved fans
of Chinese workmanship and the beauti
fully embroiaered 'screen j in \u25a0white satin
presented by the Emperor of Japan. V. The
gift of the Sultan of Sulu was two per
fectly matched pearls of great beauty. \u0084
Christmas, at Del Monte.
Enjoy the golf, the glass-bottom
boats, hot salt water swimming, riding,'
driving and tennis. Special tickets,
good- leaving San Francisco By any
train from Friday, December 22, re
turning any train Tuesday. December
26. Round' trip rate, including four
days' accommodations at DEL. MONTE,
only $13 00. Through train, with parlor
car. lfeaves Third and Townsend daily
at 3; < returning, leaves Del Monte at
S:3O a; m. \u0084 ' • ;
THE^SAN FRANCISCO^GALL,, SUNDAY- DEGEMBER :I7, r 1905.
FEANCE DISCUSSING
LOUBET ? S EETIREMENT
Candidates for Presidency
Are Springing Up in
the Republic.
Social Cable to The Call ahd K«w York Her
s *-y*ld.*3Copyright, IBOS. by the "Kcw York
Publishing Company. •
\u25a0* PARIB, V Dec. 16.^The^ question: of M
Loubet's successor.' In : the Presidency . is
looming large in the political eye. | Lou
bet* * thist week / performed v what was . de
scribed a? 'his lapt official inauguration^'
As iL'Larduln writes- in- Le Matin,- the
•people would . like the present President
to remain in office, but he has again pub-
HcaHy expressed his determination to re
tire.' It was during \ his* visit to ; the Con
servatoire dcs Arts eti Metiers, where an
exhibition of new,;' Inventions |is being
held, that Loubet declared, casiially to M.
Bourgeois his Intention to retire at { the
end- of his present I term. ' ;>; > Larduin, who
recounts the Incident, \ sarcastically adds:
• "It Is not stated what: M.- Bourgeois re
plied, ' for that gentleman .is c'in : the .lists
for the" election^ to ; the y Presidency.^ M.
Doumer is another candidate who /is con
sidered.to have a fair^chance. A bill was
introduced' at the; Palais 'Bourbon at the
beginning of the week to ; substitute the
public ballot", for secret/ voting-; at* the
Presidential ; election, but it was de
feated." * . * , /; : . J \ : -T-" >,\u25a0» , - '
Money has , power., to > crush ., happiness
only Its roots get in the heart.
REVOLUTIONISTS
DECLARE RUSSIAN
TKEMSURY EMPTY
Sensational- Manifesto to the Peop It of the
Empire Is^lssued by ike "Invisi
ble Xxdvernment.
W^RNiMmcMmMi paying taxes
ST. PETERSBURG, Friday, Dec. 15.— |
The proletariat 'organizations, through
the /"invisible Government," threw' a
bombshell into the camp of the official
Government during tlie night by issuing
a : manifesto -following ,the ;\u25a0; form of a
regular imperial ! document, declaring
the bankruptcy, of the*treasury and or
dering the proletariat everywhere to re
fuse tdTpay- taxes' of any description, to
•I ns Ist "upon the '"pay hient of J wages i In
gold of silver and to withdraw all' their
deposits f rom' the savings * banks hi
&old.j " " • •>j \u25a0 .' ' \u25a0 > -' ', '\
The manifesto is a terrible indictment' i
of, the manner in which the bureaucracy ]
haY brought Uhe country- to
ruin,' asserting that the Government has
tquanUered not only the 'country's > in
come.tbut the proceeds i of the ''.foreign j
loans on railroads, the army and-ffeet,
leaving ; the people without schools i.or
roads;' yet It is declared there ./ is ') no
\u25a0 money Ib feed the soldiers i and;every
where^ there" airo' insurrections: of ; thrj
beggared and starved troops and sailors.
The manifesto even charges the Govern
ment t using the deposits -in the
Government savings banks to speculate
on the Bourse and .witti covering up -its
Chronic deficits, in the interest pf' the.
Immense debt, by. the; proceeds 'of 1 ; the
foreign "loans/ which are at ; least- ex
hausted. 1 The "rich/ It IS. * turthet'^de
clared^ have already taken warning and
are converting their property \ into se
curities and gold and are sending them
abroad.: ./The only ; salvation y~ for v \ the
\u25a0country, 'according tQ,the>manifesto,' ls
the. overthrow.; of the autocracy,? by.-a
constituent -assembly and^ the '\u25a0\u25a0..- sooner
the Government falls the betiierV Thiere
f ore. the; last source of the "fc3nstence"of
the old regirue— its financiallrevenue-7
miistjbe stopped. * •-; '.!\u25a0; , y'[ .' .
GOVERjrMEXT IS BANKRUPT.
The manifesto" follows: ..'i; .'.. .
"The Government is on, the high" road to
bankruptcy. : It has destroyed the^atber
land, sown it with corpses, ? starved 'the
peasants, who are unable to pay/another
kopeck in? taxes. Trade ; is at aistand^
still and \u25a0 disorganized. " Factories V aiye
closing and! no work_ i9 : f ortb^comine.
./.''Those .who: have grown accustomed to
enrich themselves at the* expense \[ot the
Government do not know; what ( to do, and
are hurrying to close up the. Government
bureaus and workshops.; Bankruptcies
are ; falling. atop bankruptcies.";' Even^tTie*
banks are tottering,' while the' trade turn
over is; reduced to nothingness./ " , .-
-"This struggle between the Government
and the revolutionaries Is causing nothing
beyond continued agitation and \ suspense."
' ; "Foreign -capital is *being | rapidlyj with
drawn. /Wealthy people - are hurriedly
disposing, of their, property and i are ,tak
ing refuse abroad. . "; '\u25a0 '- •\u25a0> -' \u25a0'\u25a0/\u25a0' " : . 'VvC'-j '-• :."
.; '.'Robbery < Is ; rampant. No man's' life,
and « property^ are safe." . The Govertment"
formerly expended unlimited sums 'on -the
army and navy.i nothing on education j or
on roads and other means of communica
tion^ leaving the ! state in a hopeless con
dition: .. ;.; ; :> ...' '?X'i ,; •.-,\u25a0-. \u25a0\u25a0•". : . "\u25a0•.•\u25a0.• ''''\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0X,:-...-:; ; r; " ;. \u25a0 ';
"Notwithstanding; all this, ; the \u25a0 treasury
does not I possess | the means Ito | find the
humble fare necessary for the soldier
ofnd:' sailor." ; : ; : ; ' . \u25a0; v -j- ' '
"All ; over r the country ' hungry, and dis
affected troops are" mutinying. * The rail
roads are completely, disorganized, ; ;: their,
money being appropriated by the Govern
ment. To place them?on\ a i propef; basis
requires many ; hundred millions. 4- V ,' ;
"The gold reserve in the* Imperial ißank
is quite insufficient ' to 'meet < the Govern
ment obligations and its general* economic
position. The result I would be f something
awful r if 'the I ! Government iwere) called |to
meet its obli»ratibn«Tln'?firbld^, i-f..; : .; , V .
"Taking advantage (of '} It's irresponsi
bility, the Governmeiitx has : been .accus
tomed to obtain loans Infinitely^ above the
power of : : the country. " to/ meet, % making
new i loans for the \ Durpose •of meeting
calls' for intere3t*oh[old<obllsationß.^^ rS f"
'/FALSE BI*pOBTS URAAVN :,HP.;^
•'Ftom year; to year. the* Government is
perpetrating shamef ul ; deceptions, ] draw
ing i; up .' in £ which ~ expenses * are
shown purposely.' aiiiiintshed .- and 1 income
Iricreaßed.'.'.; .^"i.v>;..' T. \u25a0'--\u25a0'-: .:i v ~''' .V"-' "\u25a0 ; : '"'*
\ "To undo these terrible facts and all
this long continued speculation, ; the : only
possible medium 1b an effective assembly.
-.That-'- body tniist.Vas • its \ first task, i take
in -hand ;a'f strict * investigation j into i' the
finances £ of \u25a0': the :' and '\u25a0\u25a0. show, \ the
people an honest? picture !vt? the position
in - all v its; horrors* -- : . ; ' - : ;
'"The : ; terrible! enigma before >?' the
national ,< assembly ; is :: hdw *\u25a0 to " straighten
out ' the • existing . Bnanclal I chaos. . ; ". /<
: '-t'One way r, but r /of 1 thiB \ is ;J to ; vanquish
the Government and -to take} from! It the
last shred .' of power it lis :• necessary fto
knock § from under f lt> its | last / support,
hameiy its income. js ! necessary; not
only; on account: of \u25a0 the'economicj position
of the country ,\ but' in | orders to] enable ;; us
I. to) hold* up bur heads uevore other] civilised
countries. r- We. have^ therefor* resolved Uo
refuse • meet any " form '( of I Government
taxation ,; and ; demand % that : the i aovern^
mentshaHlpays for /everytnlng: in ; specie,^
even ; for , ; small » sums;? insisting^ upon s rfc-
Celving coins,! not' paper/ money'; ;,to;with
draw 'eyei-ything } from I the! imperial g sav
ings, banks ionly.; In ', gold,'\ erid |to demand
I the I abnegation; of I the 't autocracy, i which'
never^ haditheiauthority lof 1 the ' people = to^
\u25a0 incur '• such | heavy,- financial I commitmentik
I "-i "Ax the V present " moment i the -Govern
ment I behaves I to I i ts \ subjects^ as Unough
I it were, a; conquering? power.^'.Therefore,'
; We i have resolved ! not \ to ; allow ; the = repay-;
, roent of ; such^ loanl! as : the imperial ; Gov- t
ernment has "contracted .while carrying on
open!,warfare ; ,wlthf the; people.", ' , ''\u25a0'\u25a0 :'\u25a0'\u25a0>. '\u25a0..:.
5 vTho;d6cu mentis f ßlgnediby^the;Oouncil
of ! the the ? heads iof
committee* :' of I the \ Peasants' League,"; tfte
{central: >, committee Tof . the.^Democratic
1 Workmen's r party and \ the I central ? com-1 j
,mittee.
IIGOVERjf ment: caught Snapping. : ; j
•SThis great" step; of .- the ', revolutionaries; I
.Which*,, throwß^doirn 'thte' gage \ot s ft&Ule j
to C the .Government^ i was *j prepared with |
such jf *ecrecy^ythat'i the I authorities J were j
taken off thelr~gutrd and did not even /at:?]
i tempt C tot prevent ;f lts> publication 5 in & th« j
h»w«papets.7^irhe';irevoliitlohary|j leaders I
expect r it , will Ibe fi followed * by % reprisals <
: and :; •.rrestß^ but fall : this"! has \u25a0> be«n i fore- 1
seem'^TheUeadert'laidUhelriplansTdeepiyJ
before : "* issuing Uhe imanifesto/Q New* from; •
j mitteeß ? of ;th«iyari6us!brgani«atio'cis!have j
I beea Elected" in ::the*i. third fand iifourthide-,.
} grew. i| If i onefset^of? committees ; is r put ]
behind^ the 3 bars c another^ will j take r its
I place, and catty .'on the .work.., . [
j 1 Thie I League f of I Ijeaguesl was | not I asked
to ' Join ilA|thßtmanif esto.t beln»| regarded
with ; Borne jealousyiby] thej proletariat ;'or£
ganlzatibhs.^i which J claim J td| beg bearing 1
the! brunt ; of X the ; revolution ' and Itoljbe (en J i
titled { to| the 1 fruits^ thereof .^The Vprbleta^
! rlat leaders claim to have absolute knowl- •
edge that (the .Government ' has , Just issued ,
*125,ti00i000 In paper , money. . r j
! |fl tftideir| the \ pro visions \of ftbel press \ law ; \
I . the| ed itbr| of | «v«ry| p«kper|whlchf priii ted '%
th*^ manifesto has rendered; himself liable |
to eight "> months') imprisonment^andJloOO J
1 . : _ .
.' -•- '\u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0'- --' . \u25a0\u25a0... . - .. ... *.
• fine. \u25a0 Now ~ must i come '\u25a0'\u25a0 the ; test of T the
Government's power.
KISHEXKA^S GRIM .ROSI'GK.
Scores Killed or Wounded la theAatl
\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0:.: Jewish Outbreaks. ; ;
NEW, YORK, Dec. 16-. T A letter estimat
ing the number of killed and wounded at
Klshen'ev and the amount of damage done
to property , in i-ecent T Russian riots was
received to-day - by. Arnold Kohn; : \vlce
president of the State Bank of this "city. S
; ,"The damage in our city,"- the letter
states, : "amounts to from 500,000 to"600,000
roubles • (about H 5250.000 to* J300.000) and
[ thirty persons , Vwere .; killed and sixty,
- wounded.' In ' our nearest neighborhood,
; Kalasash and Ismail g had to * stand : the
worst, \u25a0 the [damage amounting to millions
of roubles.. In Kalasash «0 families have
been fobbed.';! seventy or.*: eighty persons
have beenlkilled and about 100 wounded.
Fifty : or sixty . bodies which could hot be
found 'are~ being : looked for, \u25a0 in order to
bury i them in the ' Jewish Cemetery. In
Ismail there were , no casualties." ;
;. These cities, the letter adds, are within !
two or three hours',/ ride of Klshenev. It :
states v also i that ; practically nothing can
be done \u25a0to i relieve \ the ', need of ;Klshenev ;
sincethat city has not yet, had time even j
to -recover from the damages of the riot j
of 1903. ; A
I From Zhitomir, Russia, Kohn , to-iay '
received' another letter, as, foitows: '.'/>. '
>"ThO; atrocities, 1 committed are 'inde
scribable;'.parents have .been murdered
before the eyes ' of their children, children
killed' ln the ; presence," of thelf parents,
babies - torn : from the "cradles " and thro wn
out of; the windows, girls and women mal
treated,. stores and ' houses ; totally ruined,"
as the, police and the military, were help-
Ing the ( niurderers and preventing/ the
people from def ending . themselves.
"In these days of terror thousands of
Jewish families I have been driven to pov
erty.iand left without' shelter. People who
were", rich \u25a0< yesterday .are now - starving.
Immense sums are needed in order to re
lieve the sufferers.'.'
DB WITTE'S REPLY IS FIR*I. \
Answers the M einorlal From th«» Mos
; eovr "Zemstvo ; ConsreM.
ST. PETfiRSSURG, Friday, Dee. IS. -^
The ; Bureau :of Moscow Zemstvo Con
gress' has received* Premier de Wltte's
reply to ; ' the j /Zemstvoist memorial,
which the Council of Ministers has dl3-|
cussed. Count ;*de;Wltte«'ays that •'•\u2666ho
I council has decided that its: foremost
I duty Ib to carry out the Emperor's will
I= as "expressed :In I the marii f esto' of O«-
LtOber SO. Thereforono conslderatlori 1
can b^'given to petitions or resolutions
going beyond the limits 6f : the ;«mant
festo. ./nor can.- measures be -undertaken
I "which r might | affect the j rights of the
! National ; Assembly '* before iff* meets.
riThe, v adoptioni however, -of temporary
J measures to assure the liberties grant
i ed by the manifesto is not prohibited."
j \u25a0 . .The reply^ adds that the "continued
i trou bleS, •; re vol ts | and l open j acts of the
! revolutionists against the authority, of
the-* state and integrity ..of the empire'
do^not; permit the'- Government to dis
pense with theehforcement of tlit ex
ceptional | measures ; t&Jten In certain
localities. "xV-..*-;- ' \u25a0 : \u25a0 \u25a0 \u0084,.;, '. ;
- Regarding! the' qtiestlon of. th"» sup
port of.' the/ Government by, on>i orthe
other of the. different parties ths Go v-;
ernment's • only Jcare; at present is that'
nll/blaises of .society:Bhould reillae the
: consequences I; which, may ensue"; from
their disinclination to support the au
thority ;of . the 'state.' r
Sensational Reports Denied.
ST.* PETERBBURGi Friday, Dec. 15.—
.The official;? telegraph'; agency ', is' au
thorized rto state' that' the. reports \ pub
lished abroad to the effect 'that Irkutsk',
Siberia," h&s \ been jin j flames ; that flght
ing* has <6tscftrred:;between; loyal and
mutinous troops -at Harbin, -Manchuria:
that; another; mutiny has • feccurred at
Vladivostok "jv and -. that".: Kharkoff and
Elizabethgrad 'are ablaze are *pure:in^
yentions.'. yV>;.?j! ;; ' .. '/*.*•" : - -'\u25a0-'• ;
f»rofes«ors to Dlntrlbnte Mali.
\u25a0WARSAW,- Dec4M6.— The, 'Russian
prof essors * atf Warsaw University : have
organized ;a /volunteer postal * ser\'ice.
A"-;.- thousand Ibags h of ' mail • aw;al t '• dis
t'ributiOnJ, v The janitors % have ,/ struck
and ,= houses-, are save: for
the tenants,, who? are /acting •as their
own \u25a0: patrols. J Sporadic ;murders conr'
tinue. " ; ,'-'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0, '-'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 :"-:'" : \u25a0' -I ; r~
I; » ! PIERCES REMEDIES.
PROM HEAD TO POOT _
Tou feel I the Rood lh»t*s don© by ; Doctot
Pierced SGo Wen . Medical Discovery. -Ik
cleanses^ regulates and' invigorates Stom-
ach, Liyer and Bowels and co purifies the
I ; blood. 1 ; And through the blood, it cleanses,
I repairs, and invigorates the whole system.
! :li In recovering from ',\u25a0 grippe," oaf m eon-
I .valescenca .< from g pneu ntonla, \ fevers, or :
other exhausting diseases, nothing can
! equal it as an appetizing, restorative tonic
to build up needed flesh and strength, lit
I rouses every i organ Into natural - action,
i promotes all the bodily functions, and re-
stores health and vigor. ' v; .?
For evory disease that comes from foul
! or .Weak \ Btomacn,* A torpid Liver or Im-
! pure Blood, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Bili-
oxisneSs, and •\u25a0 the * toodt* ißtubbora ' Skln, ;
\u25a0 So&ip," tit iScrotulous affections: the M Dis-
covery 54 is 1a ? Sdvereißrt f remedy. Don't
?be V*hypnbtlzed,%wheedlea, *• or * over. 1 per-
! suadoa into j accepting a substitute only .
thatlsome s selfish % medicine^ seller- taay
make a creater >i profit " otiv the I Inferior
[article.^ The i'- Disco vßry^.y has 4s4 s - great
; record! of | nearly , forty years with thon-
;Band3|of|cures^behind lt.^/ ,*
•% Deor^SirifSoverai years a«o my bipod be-
catn« impoverished aad I became rundown in
' health, v I had no aflbetite. couja j not slecn.-
fattd .w*4 practicsully unfitted tor work, Suf-
forod fnora iimutnemblo botlo anO was in bad
j shafie.^ Dr.' Pierces Oolden Medical | Dise^r- ;
j cry* rrtfeved*a» of * myiwretcftea { coiiditloni-
iThe medicine built " ud |my aystem l and re-
stored me to a normal condition of bealth.^l
tan speak most highl y also, of Qr. Pierces Fa-
i vorite Prescription, as It has been used in my
I family for y*ars in drtses of female trouble.
;>-.." v^'i,;-*'.:.:"?-'-' \u25a0^:-'*i. r\ JLLJBSXIKit FRANK. '^ \u25a0':' *J.~
I*3 Goodrich Street,*' * ' Buffalo. N. T.;
-j*^^ Tlie' People's Common Sense
Medical Adviser, bv.R. V.
-Piorcev J& D., Chief Consult-
f?ipg^Phjsiclan;to the'luva-
tUdsi I Hotels': andv\Snr«car
JlnsWtate,^ Buffalo,'? NT? V:*
— . \u0084.H |P»pferfftbßWdf;rßEE on:re-1
;; ; < ceiptof.Bl one-cent stamns
£-%': W :fot mailltw Only; or clctli-"
'^L Wjd bound for 31 cents^cAadwss
- \u25a0\J^aa& the Author; as ab6Ve.V "\u25a0\u25a0
Or. Picrca'a Pellets Cure Constipation.
A VENERABLE PASTOR
CURED BY PE-=RU=I*V.
\u25a0 Pc-ru-na --Is- a Catarrhal Tonic ?i!^ififT?r r '
efficient operation on all the mucous I I 1I 1 i'J « '»
I Cl) \u25a0 : /*7l/*^SL— 7 ' yPH—^ pather that you have been per-
l§ t/WK Q/Jj. UVT&er. . J mitted to live, and by your skill he such
Strong .nd Vi^rou, uV t«* .&* v, J^^K^V s?^
EiShly-eiSht , . f^ s^nd-by with old and young
Rev. J. N.Parker, mica, N. T. writes:' " you.donot rec^. |^pt aa|^-
"ln June,M9ol. I lost my sense of Isfactory results from ™e"£>£ P*«S-
hearlng entkely. My hearing had been na. to Dn S^ R.^ggJJi^co.
somewhat impaired for several years, dent of The Hartman u ° a °" l LY 11 a 3( *.d. d to>
but* not. so much affected but that I lumbus, ©Wo, .who will be P^seo .
could hold converse with my friends; I give you his valuable advice, e ™ ua '
Ask Your Druggist For Free Peruna Almanac for 1906
MANCHURIAN
TROOPS SLAY
THEIR CHIEF
Continued From Pose 67, Column 4.
to \u25a0 the ; Continued uncertainty and . fears
regarding*, the , situation . In : Russia" and
the ; Moroccari'sltuatlon.' .' Russians were
particularly • affected. ~ imperial ; fours
losing Uhrte francs", ten centimes and
Russian bonds declining heavily -sincb
the ; last i quotation, of: Thursday.' To
ward the close there was a slight up
ward I tendency, but prices closed weak,
though above the earlier figures. Rus
sian -.imperial fours :closed ,77.50 and
Russian bonds of? 1904 at 464.
V« The - French threes closed at 93
francs 72 %"; centimes. The payment
of the French coupon accounts for part
of the decline in French threes. \u25a0\u25a0.-.. ~
The decline in Russians is attributed
to the events In the . Baltic provinces
and -the reported lamentable condition
of the Russian army in Ma§churia. \u25a0 It
is asserted that Berlin bought heavily
.it the low' figures. Wffl&fflm
ROSTOf REGIMENT 3IUTIXIES.-
Cosanck* Ignore , Order r. to / Fire ' Upon
; neb el Ho us Grenadiers. -.".-* j
; . BERIiIN," Dec. 16.— The Moscow cor
respondent ;of the Lokal Anzelger. tele
graphed as follows from that city to
day:
"The ferment in the Moscow garrison
over bad rations and numerous arrests
resulted to-day in an open mutiny of
the , Rostof Grenadier Regiment. The
Grenadiers freed- their arrested com
rades by force, , seized th* arsenal .with
the ; stores of arms and munitions and
disposed machine guns before the Bar
racks. ;-/ .* . \u25a0','-\u25a0 "'- "j i
"Later the Gtenadiers, instead of the
usual order. of, the day, Issued a series
of | economic and political demands, 1 and
the "command df; the /\u25a0•regiment was
taken over by a ;. committee 'of • twenty
ejected by the mutineers.
of the Astrakhan Regiment
"and the Cossacks refused to move
against the mutineers. \u25a0) t ..
'"The telegraph and .postal services
have been largely restored.'^
GERMAXV'; TO SEND SHIPS.
Vessels Will Be > Placed at Disposal of
KntKer»n Suliject* In RaVmla.
;',; 'BERLIN, Dec.- 16. — In View of the se
rious ;? news ; from Riga V and -RevaJ
Chancellor /von'Sulow has authorized
the , -president eof "\u25a0 the V province s of Bast
iTVissla to charter steamships for Riga,
Reval \u25a0 and Libau and - to place them at
thfe • a lsposltion of the German subjects
in ; those \u25a0 citi < es. !^HB9HHMBBB^BSSi
:St.". S PETKR3BCRQ, Dec. 15.— -The
battleship Lava and the cruiser Abreck
haVe been dispatched to Riga.
IlSnores His Colonel's Order.
Russia, iDecl 16.— Captain
Samanskl. of the- Twenty-second :Regl-.
inent;-; has declined . to ". obey i the : order
of; ; hl3\ colonel «to; use "his company "in
breaking ;up •' the '/ strike, 'declaring In
writing that ihe regarded ; police \ work
as '?. outside , the ; duties of officers and
soldiers. \ . V - .
. had a mind to. work will — aVd
a \ work „ to* mind. AMHwhS , . -.'
Is a constitutional disease
originating in impure blood
and requiring constitutional
fm^tmeiH^yi^sV'' tJl^®hf'
and purifying the blood for
its radical and permanent
cure. Be sure to take
Hood'sSarsaparilla
~ Nasal and other local forms of catarrh
= are " quickly ' refieved by Catarriets,
whfch allay inflammation and deodorize
djschot'ge. :" '\u25a0• ; .-y- -*\u25a0••: \u0084''*-.\u25a0'."-\u25a0 ,•\u25a0•.-..\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0-* :
Hood's Sarsaparißa, all drusfgists, $1*
Catarriets; mail 'owie^onry^wj*^'^
p| Fdr testimonials of remarkable cures
C I Hood Co., Lowell, Mass.
Mi. Lyon's R
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Cleanse? and beautifies the
teeth and -purifies the breath.
> Used by people of refinement
-. for over a quarter of a century.
Convenient for tourists,
/z : a
BACK DIVIDEND
WILL BE PAID
— \u2666
Six Per Cent for Holders
of Preferred Stock in
the United Sailways
• \u25a0 '-
TOTAL SUM IS $900,051
Profits From San Francisco
Streetcar Lines to Be
Distributed- to Investors
. _ \u25a0_»_ :
NEW YORK, Dec. IS.— While formal
official action has not yet been taken it
Is learned from a- trustworthy source
that the directors of the United Railways
Investment Company Of San Francisco
will. In the near future, announce a pay
ment of 6 per cent to the preferred stock
holders of the company, representing the
back dividends which have accrued on the
preferred issufe. The stock wa3 recently
placed on a 6 per cent basts, the full div
idend -to which It Is entitled, and tho
present financial condition of \u25a0 the com
pany, together with the prospects of.
larger returns In" the future, has con
vinced the directors of the advisability «**»
clearing, up the accumulated back divH
dends on the preferred stock.
The payment of th* 6 per cent contem
plated will Involve a disbursement of
•boo.ooo. WSm ,w »
At one time there was some talk oc
giving to the preferred stockholders new
securities to represent the amount due
them, but It is understood that this idea
has been abandoned and payment will be
made In cash. -. f \^,
ADMIRAL WHITIXG
DISCUSSES HAZING
Says System Has Changed
Little Since Time He At
• tended Academy.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 1 16.— Admiral "W. H.
Whiting, retired, arrived In the city to
day : with hi* family to visit his sister.
Mrs. E. 1 R. Atwell, wife of Bishop Atwell.
Asked about the reports of the hazing at
Annapolis, Admiral Whiting said:
w'rWell. I've read those stories about the
hazing at the old school— you know I was
In ,the class of 'to-f-but I don't see .wnere>
the sxstem has changed a great deal from
what It was in those days. Of course,
where a oersori Is hazed ) to the point of
maiming It is to be deprecated but as
far as the fishts are concerned It seems
square i enough. As a matter of fact. I
believe that better code of fl«htlng exists
m the v naval academy than any other
college In the country.
'VI .always figured out this way, that a
man who /"couldn't" defend himself
wouldn't be much good In fighting for
some one else or. for; his country If -need
be. -I've seen many, of those school fights
and ; did /"not see any i ser lous results. In
fact, they: put a man on his mettle. If ho
did not flgh t he would have to leave tha
school." • *
AVill I Ceas« to , Isaue . Pai**«. -A.
' BALTIMORE. • ; -Dec. 1«— • The^^in
nouncement was made to-day that with
the JclOB«^bf X th^ .year r the ;E»ltim6re
and Ohio will cease to Js^ue passes and
reduced rate transportation of all sorts
except to officers and employes of the
Baltimore; and 1 Ohio and conneotlnff
lines, to whom transportation will be
issued as i heretofore.Men's Mdts Ar6 ~ © « « c .^p^ « ©^ « 6B^ ißoys 5 Hats and
p »^^Sh ww^T^f* '^lai^l CiISSCS lor v^- JiriS lni 3S 2['' »lliw» a crii<iL)o yon ijavcu v jcl iv c v vet ** ; *^ap *"'jshl cvcnvtliinp^ cri3.bltni^ voti to 1
stores because of the lm- /^^ Wsh - what the present for "him" shall be. A smoking jacket, bathrobe, :^W^4& f-s^l make a better choice than §
ft i t'ft h - " \u25a0 \u25a0 fe.^&V dressing gown or lounging robe will meet the qualifications. <Q r' v£- i^V elsewhere. Our prices are |
.^-™- ef^i. w<« ai.rv C 9V . x^' »\^% '^S^TV All arc garments intended to make life more comfortable for 'S'Jfilffi' &%\u25a0>+. KM? lower, too. I
an elejrant line of Stetson 3? : ? /•^^ife^^fe^?! a man; they are for use during his leisure time around his home; /'^3v:liM^. •••'••• ' /\u25a0-\/ \u25a0 -\ ©'^ When the boy is out play- 1
an elegant line 01 stetson ; a^ ; '^V^:^s]fi^^'4»*l 1 ' j v •\u25a0-' j V -n r 1 V>sl^^ . '-> >// • 5 A ing the garment for him to wear |
hats in all shapes at $4. r g& #fW^%^^W&^Sd^k ' ten to PromoteP romotc happiness and pleasure; any man will feel P^m^^^^^^H-^^ Rift is a sweater. One will be exact- I
We have lower priced hats. !gj| /TO^(^^|P^^^. ". more like remaininghomc if he has one._6f ; ;thMe"^armente.in^ H& Ss^JoSe/Sthi^i on'th^ I
ranging from ?1, 51.30, ii^ißr^^^^^*' :^W*ls^lS'l^^-^"^ which to lounge about. • lJ xd = «*^ vr •^ 3 ,0 sV il''^k*?2o^^^fV"'^^^:^ fm£f nec^ an^ shoulders and others B
$1.95, $2.50, .53 to 53.50, Rgp vv?v -.^^^^'i^^^fp* ,° \u25a0 i • - . . r : . — V . ,•, • '; -^ ** lL r ' ' r *^ -S^^^^^^ A^^ :^'is;^a«^'^^^^^^^^^3^ tHwl buttoning in front; pleated and 1
•n all shapes and colors. W V^^J^^ '^S^ Remember, too, that WC Can save YOU fr°"V Sl;^S 1 ;^ with belt; variety^of colorij
I We are offering aa excep- \\& ' [ , \u25a0\u25a0^i^^^r^^^^^^'- in^eed, and the variety to Select from large enough SO that ?.££;\u25a0 \ o^C $Mf\ Sweaters of lamb's wool. I
' tionaUy good line of silk hats I : :\ &\u25a0 *iA ' V^^^^^^^^^yy'' everybody Can find a choice * mm?' worsted and zephyr yarns; plain I
vestigate and see these hats. Ms : Bath robes made of blanket material -in. Jacquard designs, in wine, brown, \^v> ; : £vj ijS^'i fancy designs; ages 6t016 I
The prices on our French 3if| v^Ci2il ' navy, silver, tan and green ; prices $4 to $15- ' ; ' ' v: . '' *' x '~ :: - : " " '*•$ \u25a0 W£i: years, 65c to ?2. I
b-t Th^ar^th^a^nf ' ' iv-P Dressing g-owns and lounging robes, in silks, velvets and double faced blanket matt-rials in a variety of colorings and designs ; all sizes; prices JgM an d sailo" caps.^SOcl " C
cat is a gooc solution it you v!vs^ - eJ ml . li'-frai $2.50 to tailor-made
don't know the size of his head. £•\u25bc*£ - I - " . i f^nj hats, 5?2 to ?3.
rt^^ c ili^iii^P^B . en s ss a h©es les " l|L*«s. fyniM&'s k 7^^^%
\ fuvt^^^\; :co^:;:^rp^^^ / •
\ vests, *f* -jS»d. >f V mWi : advertisemerit, but it has been im- ; i IfpJgss£P^^Sp& / S^e; Sfe^W /
ft ?^ c^ 'Ide ° f ft d t"^^!' \ W iOt 'IB possible fo enumerate everything #C,to $Q '' sl 's '"f «i, rf * > / »ad p L °Pen f r< t'' ts - in Co /
4^*^ ' -~. Store open evenings until Christmas. Mail orders filled,— goods delivered free within 50 miles. %SS&&^^ ' , \^S^ 7
> THE SAN FRANGISGO GALL; SUNDAY; -DECEMBER 17, 1905.
5960
||^-;-- : ••'.\u25a0 : ;£c \f* * vM Si'E * B h'| 1 f dollars deposit and a book account if you care to avail w g.y^^ JNjaft •^^JH> '••'•-* H DFnir^TAl PARLOR CHAIR. %\u25a0'.:'. '^|||
p£--:Ns S2O "IP 52015 D 'oIOIOU ' : 'ati&S^!^'. DIVAN-Thisls our week^s leader. on our hand-polished. is h;:rc gol a r $850 X:; r :S
PI---S THREEPiECE SETS-We have almost half an acre of Par!or Fiece. an 3 AA 7 /ttfTK BW&&*s_ V^WtFti p«W Eo:t. .Hal»|| M y fc \u25a0 OAt\r K-":"-^
p. I %^^tS^%J^^^^tt:^ a '-W fMjt ' fWf g 58.95 54.95 $5,50 km
i&S- -^ E H \ S '1 »-^ * *«« -^«»-. B a* The ideal present to a Dining Chairs 1? !•—•,»• TQ^J II B ! * tl • K.?"'.".**-:?^^ "
fey 'm B «- \ * \u25a0 B 11 ERA^S EED^ " : ll man - Made exactly Full box seat- reeu- I^llolll6l »6Q U H :". 1
fe-: :\u25a0: 5=- — jJL 8 IJr SJSK.rk\*iJ OS/1/O _^ OT . ' \u25a0 like the Illustration, with ' ™ box f at *' "f 1 . . S * , Writing Desk-A |'-^v--.^
GgV"- :; $ M - r.. Everybody wants one some iimf. DRESSERS revolving botth rack and lar $3.50 values; golden Full Size, in colors; brass g | .v. v dainty little ladles' desk. X^ I '"''-^^
cr rich Music Ccbinet. not for XmnJ This luM-sucd, O{^ a H Bty !es, at all prices. .tjp'\brass'rmWng^tray.; \u25a0•and;\we>ther^;^:oak; spindle' ; "at head and foot. , f wt ttyet In ibis Une ol pl-.^^B
1§ ;; - ;:: '-'-'H P a Mfho r «ny r fl f °i rr S he hhe-"ice:h d c -"ice: 6*6 * or ' c'e ' ltb lar g e P° st s» ?^ one in mahogany and oak. Weathered, pnee specia i . Easily a $12 value. This E , crlt olre-A hifrh-^rade goods; golden oak; a big gf-.^-g^
fe •'^ J?« Z' mfiK* ir P'" d Lo > ilk POO Tfl €* Ifi Cfl O0 C rtfl C* lOC week, Afl rf\ Ladies- wriiinr dm^. in hKhi? bargain. Reg- 36.50 |v. \u25a0-..-•;•::;. : yjgm
m-'0 a& .htsj-gfo a^*!.?....^- -?3 536.50 530.50 S3S.DD 51.85 \u25a0 . 58.50 sr,:-s,r.s *& ... »•» p^^
Eunk'n $ia ',?&<% <*zg&£m^m ' Drapery GlflS ; . -^^^rt- Carpets and Rugs fc^9
DWH ** feS»^» WfWWk : --}A^ni^W^^^^^^^^^'- 'Wt' "" V -l Now *«,.«„« to, .o*.^,^ in floor fe^^P
|^Kl ? ;?-^' Every Buck's Steel Ran: cor Steel Cook Wf-^ " "' ' "«"» very higfhest and best grade of linens^made is rcpre- . t S ! coverings. Read what we are offering this week: : M^S
Stove is made out of one solid piece of sented in this stock. A linen set makes a decidedly useful gift. C^^P^' A vminc<- aw !>««#** Piano or fold- ll^^^S
fmgX-m planished blue steel. P^^l^^^Hl \S| n |jAIIAj AllA also an exceptionally exclusive line of Sofa Cushions, 'TbS^S^^^lßMW' "« Xnil «Sier iV.UgS , Qg door ZCt %&mm
WOM : Jl^T^J^^^^ HaVe some of them made of rich silk damask, some of hand Wl^^&Bs^J"* fc»
?f? f Whlt f enamel P ut f, n zt 220 P degrees ot J^M^mfmSm work on "scrim- and still olh^rs in curiourly embroidered silk velours. Qt) . *r W^^^^^mi M aod fI °" 1 Regular $3.75 values; C 0 0 C
Wp ~? : -\^% heat. It acts as a reflector and throws the All of them filled with the best and purest silk floss. Prices from «> Z W s>o :^HHHp^> '^^^ift special this week ..... O/l/U W''"-''^^S
Kg-"'-: : :IS heat back in. i fl/ y an especially select line of Table Covers made of A „•**:-«* f> "'l"'^ .: ,. &£ : '-WM
§§§. M The fire-box of every Buck's is made #1 | W8 UM highly mercerized sUk. We have them in full, rich |||!^^^^^^i AXmiHSter R.UgS STfeeJ 1 efc fe-^
|||i. : i|| for local fuel conditions— that is, in the 4 j B red in old em ire green aad goldt in olive and Nils green and in the two- 00 . en f W^ISIiBINSSSiiiP f g ?i Ot and -fe? 1 desi ? ns; t^ gh grade ' bigh \u25a0 P^^^^B
Wjs\ --'id coal burners the fire boxes are narrow and J 1 m tone reds. $4.50 and 55. 00 values, 'all .;,'\u25a0:- 53. 50 9 \u25a0 m^^^^^^^W^ fh/ "lar 532 & vale's CfO 7f K*"^^S'j|
: M dee P so that tile^ create a not <olast and t% *£ , \u25a0» Ikl- !] ft .' 300 pairs of Madras Curtains, the swel lest colorings li\*i** «^« W -**"^ ** ' V * UeS Ol Ji I 5 • Kr'-^l^l
K"|i burn the soft coal gases as well as the coal DUlietS WB H3 VB imaginable. Just the thing with which todrape nr " 1 Q 9.85 - " "' '"" ' ' M' +M
KB5:- :^ itself. In wood burners they are broad •'•\u25a0_. . , . ,s, s p . t , en , ,«: c RRp -*4 Vylfciww I Slf\«ictr»xr RritCCDIC l<2 ° P er W--- < : &a
m M ™d long for the scrub oak that is used SO p ri " r rom yourChnstma, w.ndow,. Regular 51.,0 per pa.r. Specal BDC Morris Chair l DFIJSSeiS yard val- fe;,,M
difcSSb much. • prices irom _£U D^^.^ma Our greatest drapery oifering of the year. They look easily a $2.C0 -£very home ues. Scores of pattern to choose from. A %mtnuHs&
*^^^^ftf t- r>it • i. i * $- J 4 to SS^&UGSB £j?is%?&%3Pil§ value - They are 3 yards long and 50 inches wide. They ft I- without a single wonderful display. This week, for the Dllp JSS^WIL
WSSSS£® EV " 7 Bucks carries Our absolute ~ iQQ T ,. \J>W»*U*jrt3U «*"«" V V*>m v come in a rare se i cction of urientals . The price ls thi 7 s UK fl exception should shrewd buyer, per yard, sewed and laid .... UUU %^^of
r*2Sziii&T guarantee of ' Money Back If Not Satis- * ,* week , one to a cu5t0mer.. .....,.....:.... : ....:.v. :.;.'... ..:;..:?: \u0084.:^..:.... ......:;....: UUU have one. It is « - Made of the best pulver- #vfej«R*if'd
f- : -B?sz& Sli \ factory " — and you are the one to say. one in golden STO _,^^^ J^ MUMJ -. • *"" mor<C com wlI»OlCliIH5 ized cork and linseed oil. tZj^^i^A
'.*•* * • • *•*.*•*• •**!***•**\u25a0. 'I*,*****- **"***r*" jk — \u25a0\u25a0^^f yt*^y*> — p C;i*> Q C a 1 a J I \u25a0 - 4 |^ ll f 1 *^ ' jp—«'—^ ** * nMmL^^^^Jl^^^^^m^-a
BROKERS WILL, \OT DEAL
IX "BIDS" AND "OFFERS"
I.arccht Grntn sad Comiulaßlon Houses
In Cblrago ?Inke Important An
nouncement to Customers.
CHICAGO. Dec. 36.— A number of the
largest grain and commission houses
In the city to-day informed their cus
tomers that after to-day they would
refuse to deal in "bids" and "offers."
Ever since the practice of dealing in
*puts" and "calls" has been prohibited
by law. a number of houses have been
handling "bids" and "offers." which in
a large measure ' have usurped the
place of the former privileges. The
dealings in "puts" and "calls" will,' it is
expected by brokers in- this city, be
transferred to Milwaukee, and as a re
mit there was to-day a decided In
?rease in the prices of memberships on
the Milwaukee Board of Trade.
The best prayer against pain is ab
itinence from sour apples.
J and Children V %
rA The new stock of Sorosis footwear wins great admiration vj
j|k from every visitor to our pretty parlor. . There are handsome mf
' street and dress boots — the new toes and heels — beautiful ;^y\
%4 slippers and the new pomps. The assortment of styles ,and W
M Sizes 1 to 9 Widths AAA to EEE. ; \o
f Custom made, $4^o and $s^)o. ; Ji
G? Sorosis Shoe Orders make ideal Christmas gifts. Send i^y
them to your friends in the East or across the Atlantic. J& .
Wherever there is a Sorosis Shoe parlor— and there are hun- v-.V
rf^ dreds of them all over the world — your friends can obtain a \t
A pair of these ideal shoes. ,\u25a0/. ' Bi
J$ Bring the .children to see our big Christmas tree. Tv
Jjjjk Open every evening until Christmas. : ftfi
1 ' 2 16 Post, Street, I
TV NOTE-^-Slnce/wesoldthe-Royar Shoe Store afßOiThlrd streeti Ay
yf Boroßls Shoes can only be bought at our Sorosis Parlor/ 216, P05t at.' . Jv \u25a0
VALUABLE DIAMOND RISC
STOI.EX FROM CHICAGO MAN
Drops It on Floor In Board of Trade
Rooms and Lounger Picks
It Up aad Ram Off.
CHICAGO, Dec. 16. — A $1500 diamond
ring dropped to the floor of the Board
of Trade yesterday as one member was
handing It to another. A search of two
hours, in which nearly 20 board mem
bers and employes participated, proved
futile, and no trace of it was found.
The loser, W. W. Bo yn ton, had shown
the ring to Byron Roberts, who, after
admiring it, returned it to him. In
some way the ring dropped.
After the loss became known one of
the loungers in the lobby remembered
he had seen a man stoop to the floor a
few feet away and then walk leisurely
out of the building, but could. give no
description of him. ;v; v \u25a0<':'
AUm«nts of nerves and mind cured. No
drugs. D« Lauff, French masnetlst, 773 Eddy.*
BRAZIL'S SOIL
NOT INVADED
Report of tlie Commander
of the German Cruiser Pan
ther on ; Itaj any Incident
• •'\u25a0-* \u25a0 •-.":\u25a0-\u25a0-\u25a0 ' \u25a0 . \u25a0
. BERLIN, Dec. 16.— The , report of Count
Saurma yon Jeltsch,\ commander of the
German cruiser Panther, on the Itajahy
incident, was . received at the Navy De
partment to-day. 'It is textually as fol
lows: \u25a0 ,'| \u25a0;*;• ;.'•\u25a0 v : . ::>" '; :; --' \u25a0 ' \u25a0 . .:\u25a0 '
"Seaman Hassmann had; stayed ashore
beyond' the length of bis leave , and, as he
had been seen in, civilian clothing he was
under suspicion of .'desertion. , , •, The ac
cepted opinion -was that a newly emigrat
ed German named f Stelnhoff | had j encour
aged > him"; to \ desert. v The German Con
sulate and the Brazilian authorities were
requested to ; assist in obtaining the re
turnoor,f r , Hassmann and " both, promised
their support. The German : legation ; at
Petropolls also was informed of , the af
fair. - : \u25a0 \u25a0;\u25a0:- '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0;.- : ;•*=-- v; -,- ;.- \u25a0 ; ...\u25a0\u25a0; :
. "Offlcers :inv civilian dress and twelve
non-commissioned . ofl3cers went ; ashore
November 2tf on ; leave.. to iinauir©^ about
the deserter. ,;They were 1 not ;* ashore in
a military capacity and were 'mostly sep
arated from one another, f They \u25a0 asked to
be admitted V to . two places, i one"; a ; hotel
and the other, a private house. \u25a0 The man
ner: in , which • the ! admissions .were 'oß
tained was, so ' far as can be ascertained,
in the usual | form, and |In both places j in
dividual residents, Steinhoff and .the son
of one of ; the proprietors,^voluntarily : as-.
Bisted tbe' r searchers. ; Those on leave -did
not go ashore at 2 a. • m.,~ but returned , to
the shlo at \ that j hour. < Hassmann " him
self, .without ;\u25a0 co-operation 'f. of '. the - men
from ; the ; Panther,- returned to the ship
afterward. •\u25a0'=. ';.' y '^^^BPMnSiESS^^
'•' ,"It is . not , ; true \u25a0 that a military com
mand was* benti ashore. 1 \u25a0,' ' . ' \u25a0
"Stelnhoff neither, v arrested nor
badly 1 treated, '* and ; : he i was .not :. taken ; on
board the Panther/;He.voluntarilyjsup
ported 'the 'efforts'- to find" the; deserter/' .
" Steinhoff, ; as :l : it * appears ) t rom f another,
report,'/ probably; sailed' away; from*; Ita
jahy on a coasting, vessel.;; V ;
.The J, report;; of I the -\u25a0: commander- of -,th%
Panther;; is \ regarded"; at* the"; Foreign^Of-^
flee : as \u25a0 adequately .answering j the Brazil
ian Minister's complaint that : Brazil's \u25a0 na
tional rights; had; been infringed; upon 'and
that a Brazilian "resident^ '.had been';mis
used.'-- i : -\u25a0?-\u25a0".'\u25a0\u25a0. ... - ' r :vrr "'\u25a0-•.' - \u25a0•'\u25a0-\u25a0.'.,-
FAMOUS WHISTLER PICTURE v
OP.! HENRY/ IRVING \ IS 1 SOLD
Portrait of Deceased .Actor as . Kins
Philip II of , Spain Brines 925,200
'-•\u25a0-\u25a0 ,;\u25a0 ; at Public Auction.
; LONDON, 1 Dec. V. 16.^— The., famous
Whistler, portrait lot. thY late"; SiriHenry.
• Irving is as £ Kink i Philip >. 1 } of J Spaing was
sold^atXauction (to-day) amongi. the rer
mdlrider of the actor's effects .for
$25,200:0^i^->- ; •--•\u25a0..\u25a0,-/\u25a0 \V"-.--v '>'>l
' i Sargent's portrait ; of * Ellen ) Terry, iin
the'characte.r, of Lady Macbeth, realized
;6300.^ -'\u25a0•\u25a0 .:. "i \u25a0-:-\u25a0 -".'.: A -;' ; :-i"-v"; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 "' • .-C'S-'
-- The Whistler picture goes to America.
Carpeatera , to I Get '; Increaaed Wage*.
NEW/.YORK.;- Dec' s 16.-^-Af ter ;. confer-;
ences J lasting! more]; than t^two-^months
the \u25a0 Brotherhoodfof {Carpenters \ made an 1
agreementtwithlthelMaster.Carpenters'i
Association *,t yesterday & 12,000
men ibyiwhich/vwagesj; will -bei increased
f rom v $4 *50' tot $4?80i a|day,^on : t'July 1. 1.'
The s' Brotherhood t| demanded y, an;- In
crease To f 1 5 0 1 cen ts! a^d ay/on ' July - 1. :
. The self -centered church revolves around
the collection ' : \\" ~^ •[ "' ''? '"
, THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1905?
GETS REPORT
OF HAMILTON
John C. McCall Returning
' From Paris With • ' State
ment Made by Lobbyist
PARIS, Dec. l^John C. ; McCall, son
of John. A. McCall,'; president of ; the New
York Life Insurance Company , r who camo
to • Paris f or : : the purpose tof having An
drew Hamilton,;, the & former,; confidential
legislative representative of .the insurance
company at v Albany,* 'accompany him
back to New ; York,T sailed ; to-day /on • the
steamship La' Lorraine . f rom > Havre/ Mc-
Call. took with him 1 Hamilton's report con
cerning his"connectiori with the Insurance
company's; affairs.! V / \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0/• v
The following ; statement % was furnished
from:) an. authoritative source: - ,
"Mr. McCall 7 found 'upon -his \u25a0\u25a0, arrival
that; Mr. Hamilton f.was ; under! the care
of I Dr.- Riviere, : a famous ] specialist. Mr.*
McCall i: delayed y. his {departure^ at V, Mr.
Hamilton's reauest In : : order to see if the
treatment would -' enable i Mr. V : Hamilton
to \ return, \u25a0 but \u25a0 the , doctor) finally • stated
that the trip Mr: Hamilton contemplated,
with his return to business;* would surely
be i followed . by.i a ' serious j illness. v / There
fore absolute rest for several- months will
be "i necessary.; '\u25a0'. - :
' "In lieu of his return Mr.' Hamilton has
prepared 1 and ; ' sent *&f full- and k explicit
statement covering : his '( connection ? .with
the ; affairs \ of >: the ' insurance , company.!- .
; "It; is understood 'that; Mr. -Hamilton's
response? to -.the - legislative 'committee
takes ' the \ form of : golngj over , the entire
ground of '<' the "; lnvestigation. j .^ Bj)th- Mr.'
McCall and ' Mr. ; Hamilton declined to: go
into ; details of the ; report 'i on i the ground
of ' courtesy/ to ; the j committee." :'. However
it is ; clear / thats the \ report f,wasV taken : to
the United States j to-day I and that it \u25a0 em-*
braces a satement of Mr. Hamilton's oper
ations i since his ' connection >with tho : New
York Life '' Insurance ;
MAKES EASTi,TIME •
WITH MOTAR OBOOTS
Parisian -Inventor Travels
Tliirty>Milesjaii Hour
;^With v Ease.v-/- •',:\u25a0'
V; PARIS, Dec. Parisians ; -were
startled x yesterday \by j seeing . >.; big
booted man whizzing along the ' Avenue
dcs -Champs'. Elyse^es [ and 1 thence \ to! the
Bols : de] Boulogne^ ati the! rate ?of jtwenV
.tyrflve miles \ an! hour."P It t was ; Constant
tini," '\u25a0 inventor \u25a0of :\u25a0 motor, boots, display
ing \u25a0. his -newi footwear/ ? ";;, ; "r . '
: : The : boots fresemblo automobiles,
fifteen! inchesllong^flxedonihigh^boots. 0
Each"; has i:fouri'' rubber; tired; ;4 wheels'
eight] Inches 1 in *. diameter.'^? Accumulate
ors ; are{carrled [ in ; a^belL't-.TheyJ trans^
mit '.byiWires>one?andia*( fourthf horse*
power,; to each; motor.^i The! motors' can*
be run at: a; speed .ranging' from? six to
thirty r;miles^ an fV*; hour.?. .r.EachtV* boot
weighs sixteen pounds, but las i the feet
are; not ' lifted up i the weight does ? not
matter.-:-^";-.',;:';-;,: "\u25a0-. \u25a0;. ' -r :;' ."• .*,.:'£ '\u25a0'''.'.:•'\u25a0\u25a0'•. :_.- '\u25a0':.
.;:\u25a0•; Constantini <• claims /,to - have . traveled
several j hundred : miles iwlth l them:; %He
lntends!toltraveHfrom^Paris!to}S^Pe?;
; tersburgl on % thern/piWhen 5 asked
.would i happen 1 1 fjfone| mo tor J started fat
the? rate f of Jsix^mllestan^hourjandjthe
other? at 1 the I rate's of £ thirty^ miles Si an
hour; he .'-became | diffident' and | declined
ito'idiscuss^thelsubject:^;'' 1 V' \u25a0i*
mniSTM as? *»n F-"sH!WT« ': wnuiw. •
,. v S*t the Chrl»tma» Tree Co»te«t on
OOSch \ and 'A& tr_\ 'y}:'?. 'i'7-C;' v,'Y~['''-:;v ,'Y~['''- :; l 0 /* l
BANKER DREYER
ONCE MORE FREE
Illinois Embezzler Released
on Parole by Order of the
State Board of Pardons
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. Dec. 16.— The
State ; Board iof Pardors to-day ordered
the parole of E.. S. Dreyer, convicted of
withholding funds, belonging to- the
West v Park : Board \u25a0 of ' , Chicago. \u0084 The
funds were deposited In "• the ; National
Bank of Illinois." which went into' the
hands '< of ,a t receiver; . January ; 1, - 1897.
After, the appointment qf Dreyer's suc
cessorl demand was i made upon Dreyer
for ' funds "which , should '% have been In
his possession as treasurer of the West
Park \ Board. \u25a0';. He failed to turn over
these '*< funds. - and was ; 'convicted and
sentenced : to ' the penitentiary. \u0084' About
ninety ' per; cent of ..the ' park board fund
has : been '• repaid . by, the : receiver of the
National ' Bank\of Illinois. • Dfeyer ; has
property ' In > his " hands which ; will : pay
. the ;\u25a0 amount in • full. V
\u25a0 CHICAGO, 111.. Dec. . 16.— Dreyer's
Ma cloudburst]-
?)J^^^S Of Raincoats, Cravenettes, Mackintoshes j
the Most Practical of Holiday Gifts J
t^^^^MH^' Ready for the Holiday 140,000 Up-to-Date Coats for I Great Saic of Goodyear I
hf^mS^BM^S^j Rush. J Men, Women and Children) Raincoat Co. 1
S^^^S FOR ONE WEEK ONLYj
|^^^|^ Cravencttc Raincoats Cravenette Raincoats
feffi^^^fe' Smart Wear for Rain or Sunshine Worn Instead of Overcoats
fT§yiTOjft*f?r C/l tn Q7 Regular $S.oo to CS 7C Regular $16 value, Men's Crave-
B^SPHfell-J 3>a>DU lU^'' DU $14.00 values. Ex- W''^ nette Raincoat, in fancy or plairi
TrwVf^^Wf^mttF^A tremely stylish Raincoats in Oxford, green, vflects. New, broad shoulder, full back,
KW^W ;i «Milis^El tan and brown, in fitted and loose belted close fitting collar. \u25a0 r-i'- 'IV -,;-". :^ \
liijiiiii|»ffl^ back;- also cape effect; perfect fitting. CQ 75 Regular $22 value. Up-to-date
mffijftfflSMmm QQ 7^ Regular '-$lB value. Fashibned in * Cravenette. in Oxford, black and
WW^^mm^Tm • -cape or collarless style; box- novelties; all hand tailored; silk lined.
rJs&M?s*mkwrT}&!i pleated or inverted back; semi or tight- Attention X Pallpr!
E^#-t^K3ffil^ fitted style; latest sleeve; hand-tailored- *. _ J, , L f ,
K^^SraHra:. throughout. ••-\u0084, $15.00 T^f a t°Cni^iti' c\oth-
' Special— Just Arrived Silk and wool" texturesV superior 6 workman-
\u25a0 rJ^ffij^HijnWßßl i CIO to $15. Imported models, made ship. Some Paddock style, others loos«»
&&~<&lßKßttvtiP vof the. finest cravenette cloths, back, swagger effect. i
$vLc':-'mi?//TMi&JM H Vbu. see these splendid garments; note the MomV v, A ti i. . '
'iKwIH style, the make the finish; compare our S MaCKIntOShCS I
' 7li fMW'-BKPH^W prices with others ! that are asking $25 to $30. §2.50 All - wooi Serge Box Coat. Vtlus |
\u25a0*$k \u25a0•*\u25a0s&'^BSlB 1 Women's Raincoats <^nfisl , »\u25a0„ , r , •-. I
\u25a0 - - "Tmf ;y *^HslnraB \u25a0 «.*«. -a,," - Ci * r> 1 v 1 *« JH-UU All-wool Meltons. Value $r^. 1
$ 2 - 50 I" 7 c ' * Large assortment of Girl', Mackintoshes. I
felK^'Mßl', fl>J g A Fancy Tweed, brocade or serge, Boys' Rubber Coats "and Capes from |
IVlall Orders Promptly filled If accompanied by the Money or Express I
f^JlmKfiiittßM' I ' *' order. State chest and length measure. t J
T^^™ll W OWr NCW °" d °" ly ?73 MARK£T STREET Between 3rd and 4th Stt. j
Have You Seen the^.
..Christmas Tree Contest.
On Pages 48-49?
$300 in Cash and Prizes
\u25a0....\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0. -, . ' .' 'V • ' *
conviction and sentence to the .pen
itentiary, followed the failure of the
National Bank of Illinois and the firm
of EL S. Dreyer & Co. Dreyer. who was
treasurer, of the "West" Park Board, had
deposited 7 more than $300,000 of park
funda.inhis bank and a larffe part of
this monoy. it was claimed, had been
unlawfully transferred ; to the account
of E.S. Dreyer.fi? Co.,' and used in real
estate " deals.
,The Indictment of Dreyer was fol
lowed by "one of the hardest fought
legal battles in the history.of law. The
jpasewas carried to the Supreme Court
of - the . United « States and every; re
source.that' lawyers could suggest was
used to keep Dreyer from. going to the
penitentiary. After his ; conviction h«
was confined in the Jail In this city for
thirty-two months, while his case wail
being fought in the courts. He has
been confined In the penitentiary since
189-2.
MAJOR McXUTT EXPLAIXS
PORT ARTHUR GVX IXCIDE.VT
TROT, N. V.. Dec. 16.— Major McNutt.
commanding: officer of the Watervleit
arsenal, was sees to-day relative to a
dispatch from San Francisco statin*
that a United States gun had been
taken from the Jt^sslans at Port Ar
thur.. He said tff.t probably the gun
waa taken by the". Russian soldiers by
mistake during- tl*s Boxer uprising In
China in 1902, an a?, that time American
soldiers asstetev m protecting; Ameri
can citizens In phfna.TOYS OF ALL KINDS Open Every' Evening This Week n . TOYS OF ALL KINDS
y^^^C^^X^t^S^^^K ls not a < 3 ucst^ on °^ ow muc h to spend, but of what gift will bestow the greatest pleasure on the recipient and the spending according to one's fey ?*V ijC^^^f^, t
I^^Sy^^fejS<^^&v means - ' l ls a tru^y difficult thing to select the-right article for the right person. If some one who knows should make out a list of presents for you that pl^fl\r)^i/^^^\^iS VP
IJ^CQ&SEjJL f^^r^ £&i£ y° u a<^ never tnou ght of that were just right, what a world of trouble it would take from off your shoulders now, with only 6 more days to shop in. The ftf\\ W\-^?>- '/ *%V^^^
r^r /vjMw Jt Emporium has had long experience in handling the Christmas Gift Question , and to-dayiiargomg to try to? help its patrons with %^r*
\^ft xts^O *kt^ some suggestions from tKe thousands of possibilities in its great stocks. . !-^\—r (^ .
Remember One's Own
Those nearest and dearest of course come first.
The Husband should give the Wife gifts that are
also investments, such as diamonds, set of furs, silver-
ware, cut glass, fine china, a piece of art-ware, etc
Hundreds of such gifts are to be found in the
Emporium. The several lists published to-day con-
tain many articles eminently suited for family gift
giving.
Don't forget the Baby— Nothing too good for
the real ruler of the house. - There are felt Bootees
from 60c to $2.50; White Wool Oib Blankets, $1.75
to $3.50 a pair; handsomely embroidered Shawls,
$1.65 to $5; Toilet Hampers, $1 to $5; Bath-
robes, $5 to $8.50; Plain Silk Hosiery, $] to $6-
Rattles, 5c to $1.50; Folding Go-carts, $1.75 to
$12.50; Sacques of soft warm Cashmere, $1.25 to
$2.50; Rag DoDs, 25c up to $5. etc, etc.
Art Ware
Ornaments
Bronzes
So great an assortment here
from which to make holiday se-
lections that it would take several
t pages of this size
»; to picture and de-
scribe them. Be-
low we quote a few of
our reasonable prices.
A 24-bch porcelain Urn with aa ChtZ
metal mounbsgs .... O—t — O
One of rr.ar.y subjects in 6-inch r-> «—
Vienna bronze Busts at - - - '. OOC
A beautiful 14- inch bronze r> «-» *~»
Vase for 88.50
A 5-Kght 18-inch taQ Candelabra — bronze
figure, gold-plated stand and c- » "~ r\
candlesticks % MtOU
A 17-bch enameled and 18- aa »_
carat gold-plated Urn for. . O-^« C O
Brocze figure of isiner (14 c o — —
inches tallX and only . . . 5»O«(O
Pact and Vcgjsia — bronze >— — .
group 12 inches taD . . .5»i«(O
Brocze figure, 23 inches --. - , w^-k
tall 014-.OU
Fancy \leana bronze Bust — 5 q« •
bches tall O DC
All-metal Vase, 18-carat gold t-*\
plated. ........ ..86.50
Jewelry to Give
Men and Women
FolJd Gold Brooches 93 up to 950
Bar Pins 91 U p to 910
Novelty Watches, with Pins....
97.50 tip to 920
Diamond R'.r.grs 97.50 to 5350
Diamond Brooches. 910 to 9250
Mounted C0mb5... 97.60 np to 925.00
Set Ring* 91 to 925
£!s*net Rings 91 to 920
Sterling Belt Pics 50c to 95
Sterling Hat Pins 35c to 95
Gold Watch Gnards...96Jo to 935.00
Gold Filled Watches 910 to 950
Solid Gold Watches 915 to 9100
Gold Vest Chains $T.M to 935
Gold Thimbles 92.50 to (S.OO
Silver Thimbles 25c to 91
Neck Chains '..78c to 920
Bracelets 50c to 935
Imported Hat Pins 35c to 95
Gold Hat Pins 91 JM to 910
Sterling Bracelets 50c to 95
Gold Fobs 94 to 930
Lortrnettcs 94 to 925
Diamond Scarf Pins 95 to 9150
Scarf Pins 25c to 950
Sterling Silver Fobs 91^0 to 95
Novelty Belt Pins 25c to 95
Coral Neck Chains. ..91.50 np to 9SO
Gold Locket .....92.50 up to 915
Gold Bhlrt Stud* ..91 to 950
Gun Metal Watches SZ.'O to 920
Diamond Cuff Buttons. ..C3.&0 to 975
. A Place Where Ladies Can Purchase Christmas
Cigars and Smokers' Supplies
We cany the standard brands of Cigars, the ones your men-folks smoke. It's nicer to buy
them- here than at a corner cigar-stand, and cheaper too, at our special cut prices.
Special Holiday Special Christmas Holiday Pipes
\u25a0Boxes f2Xc Cigars Boxes Wo Cigars 5 0 styles of Briar r^Sjfern|
I Ike favorite brands of Key West General Arthurs, Humboldts, nibberorirnitabonan^efm^^
"Havana Cigars — Humboldts, Bodes and Americans, packed D pl^' w^ ; V* .' :^*
~.° . \u25a0 D i \/ rim«i n« .k«» Oflr» Best tsnar, genuine v amber imouuv;
c Optanos, Bocks. Van Dykes, 12 in a box ... • . BQO ;. . .750t052.25
. .the. large size— High Grade Porto Rico Cigars, vßritf.rV ; baw^p
6 12bbcx. $1.35 boxofso . . . $2.00 '\u25a0-,:'' '\u25a0' ;Ast'*O-ta;s4\
° •'->*;•• v co ezn lc- nri m /-• Meerschaum Pipes, first ; quality, in ;
25 mbox . • §2m50 Smafl Uear Havana Cigars, elegant chamois case .-:.:-
* 100 m box. - $9.00 ' I a%f smoke, 50 in box O^i •• $3.50 to $6
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17- 1905.
Remember the Poor
Does there come to your mind some one .who has
few, if any, friends to send him or her Christmas Cheer?
The greatest joy of receiving and the greatest -joy of
giving are experienced when those usually forgotten ones
are remembered. Useful gifts, of course,
to them. Perhaps our special Turkey Sale
next Friday and Saturday will' not only furnish a big fat
bird for your own table, but also through your generosity
a Christmas Dinner for some less fortunate friend.
These Turkeys wfll be priced so low, you can well
afford to buy two.
A Suit of Clothes, warm Underwear, half a dozen
pairs of Stockings, or a Merchandise Order with which
the recipients can make their own selection. AD would
be gifts thankfully received.
Gift Articles
For the Home
Quadruple-Plated Tea Sets
$7.50 to $100
Quadruple-Plated Coffee Sets .
- $10 to $50
Quadruple-Plated Bread Trays..
.$2 to $1S
Plated Nut and Salad Bowls
$3JH> to $20
Sterling Dishes. $io to $75
Sterling Oyster Forks.. .$7.50 to $15
Sterling Butter Spreaders.. $10 to' s2o
Silver-Plated Candlesticks.. sl to' $10
Silver-Plated Candelabra. .$5 to $75
Sterling Silver Candlesticks.s4 to $20
Silver Teaspoons, dozen.... s9 to $18
Sterling Tea Sets $150 to $300
Sterling Silver Forks... slo to H32.50
Stag: Handle Carving Sets
$3.50 to $10
Nut Pick S*-ts .25c to $2.50
Japanese Gongs ....50c to $8.00
Erass Incense Burners $2 to $10
Japanese Pottery Vases 15c to $10
Fern D'Vhes 75c to $25
Decorated Oil Lamps, complete..
.$1.75 to $20
China Ice Cream Sets. $3.75 to $10
China Turkey Sets 510.50 to $15
China Fish and -Game Sets
510.50 to 513.50
Fruit, Salad and Entree Plates, \
dozen $1.20 to $15
Clocks J 70c to $150
Burnt Leather Pillow Covers...
$2.50 to $5
C«nterpleces $1.50 to $35
Embroidered Pillow Covers.s3 to $10
Table Napkins, good qualities, . .
- -dozen $1 to $•
Tablecloths, each 75c to $10
Towels, variety of materials,,
dozen 60c to $10
Wool Blankets, pair.. $2.85 to $12..%0
Bedspreads 75c to $6
Down-Filled Comforters, each..
»."..,..... ..$4.95 to $7.50
Eilkoline Comforters $1 to $5.75
Lnach and Tea Cloths 50r to $5
Wilton Rugs 56.50 to 565
Smyrna Rugs $1 to $35
Rubber Door Mats $1.50
Umbrella Stands $2 to $10
Hall Trees $10.13 to $73^8
Easy Chairs $13JS0 to $30
Davenports ........ . $20.25 to $5625
Plate Racks .57c to 513.50
Wood Pedestals, large variety.'.
$2.65 to $18.75
Tabourettes, well made
3Se to «7J»O
Gilt Chairs 99 to $56.25
Handsomely Finished Chiffon- "
iers f7.15 to $37.50
Piano Benches Sf».4O to »15
Bathroom Cabinets. s2.lo up to 56.38
Medicine Cabinets $2.10 to
Slippers for
Christmas Gifts
A Holiday i>pe-
np|||S. , cial for Mon-
m % of" nearly
M^^'^'sX^ 50c on every
pair: — good
Russia Calf
Opera Slippers as pictured, regu-
lar $1.25 value, special
while the quantity lasts, pr * T
More than 200 styles of Easy
House Slippers for men,. women. and
children counting the various shapes,
designs and colorings. To tell you
of them in detail is, of course, im-'
possible; but before you buy the
sKppers you intend to give let us
show you our styles and quote you
prices.
Men's Slippers — Pair ... . .
. . ... . . $1 to $2.50
Boys' Slippers — Pair. • • .
- - • .75c, 85c, $1.25
Ladies' Felt Romeos— ln various colors
and preoy combinations . 75c to $2
Misses' Slippers— ln feh or kid, pair
....... . 85c to $1.50
Children's Romeos—
SBo, 700, 7 80
Infants* Romeos— white for bound,
* sizes 2to 6,' pair . . ..... . SOo
$4.00 to Reductions on
2d6 Sty iish Suits for Women
We have just 250 more Suits than the normal requirements for this month:
In order to reduce the N stock for January Ist inventory, you may make your-
selection, beginning Monday morning;, oi these fic.oo to $08. co suits at a saving' of
What a grand, before Christmas offering this will make for those who buy useful gifts : for the horneT;
folks. And probably, the dress you have been wanting but did not feel like spending quite so much for
is among .those reduced, and you can get it now for Christmas at a saving of a good many dollars. The:
assortments consist of three-quarter and seven-eighths English Frock Coat Suits; Eton and; Eton Blouse
Suits and the popular 27-inch Jacket Suits, all made of the popular winter fabrics and beautifully tailored.
$25.00 Black and Navy Worsted Suits, with long Coats, now . .$2l $6500 Eton Suit, fine heKotrope broadcloth.' now ... r . §47*50
$25.00 and $27.50 Frock Coat Novelty Mixture Suits and Eton Velvet $60.00 Eton Suits, of fine broadcloth, in plain blues and reds, reduced
Suits, now. . . . ......... . . . . . . $18.50 to .....'... . -". f. .-." . :.. . ..... . . .$4-5
$35.00 27-inch Jacket Suits of black or new cheviots, now . .$25 $65.00 27-inch Coat Suits, in pink and swell Eton Suits, in red and
$45.00 Long Coat Suit of Gray Mixtures, now. . . . . . . . $3S ' Alice blue broadcloth, now\. . ... . / \u25a0 $5O
$50.00 Long Coat fine b!a« broadcloth Suits, now. .. . $37.50 $75.00 H Frock Coat Suits^f black broadcloths '.'bow '. . .• . . $6O
$65.00 fine Chiffon broadcloth, 7-8 length coat Suit, now . $47. 50 $80.00 Swell Don Suit of Alice blue chiffon broadcloth, now . $6S
Beautiful $85.00 Coat Suit of fine broadcloth in Hunters' gTeen, $98.50 Beautiful long coat Broadcloth Suits in navy blue (see picture)
now. ...... ...... . ..... . . . .... $65 • . ... ..... ... . . . .. $73
Xmas Hosiery
by the Box
Ask for ••Victory" Hosiery. We
guarantee if to be the best that can be sold :
regularly at the prices we ask. A tie- !
mendous assortment of fancy hosiery, the
latest European creations, ready for Christ-
mas giving.
Box of 6 Pairs $1.40
Ladies* fast black, fine ; quality raaco cot-
ton, heavy weight, hand embroidered figures.
Box 6 PairsAs2.oo
Ladies* Hermsdorf black two-thread maco
cotton or extra fine quality gauze \u25a0 lisle with
gaiter top— or lace lisle allover or boot effect.
Box 3 Pairs $4.00
\u0084 Ladies' fast black pure china silk stockings,
spliced heels and soles.' V;;
$1:75 to $6 Pair
Ladies* pure silk thread elaborately hand
embroidered : stockings.' ; , _
Children^ $l; 40 and $2
For box of six pairs imported maco cotton,
all lisle thread, Hermsdorfblack, tan, white,
pink, sky of red, sizes 5 to ?#. % ;
Remember the Sick
They are the lonesome ones on Christmas
Day. In the midst ? of the general merry-
making they are isolated in their sick-room
restless, perhaps in pain, and their condition
seems to be more unbearable than ever. Send
them a token that they, are held in kindly
remembrance by the \ well andhappy. --['\u25a0'.
A pretty Vase to be filled with flowers costs 25c
to $ 1 0.00 ; Footstools, $ 1 .50 to $6.00 ; Dressing
Sacques, 98c to $3.50 • Wrappers, 98c to $3.50 ;
Lounging Robes, $5.00 to: s 1 2.50 ;-\u25a0 Elasy Chairs,
$5.00 to $40.00 ; Crocheted | Slippers. $ 1.00;
Fire Screens, $1.25 to $8.00.
Xmas Perfumery'
Euziere's '* Supremo "
Preparations
This famous Parisian ; manu-
£i£K \u25a0 '."-". factiirer of perfum-
WS. cy an H toilet pre-
J^C ' parations makes the
t<>l^K most last i n g and
iFIJS^!/ P°P v ' ar oc^ or - s
r li^^^V exact ly the same as
ll^i HoubiganVs Ideal
w '|^^^ at" about Hal£ the
Euziere's Supreme Perfume, 1-oz. botttle
;•*/.. ..\u25a0,.,.;_...;.".\u25a0. . $IMO .
Euziere's : Supreme Perfume, - 2-oz. bottle •
....;.-.;.\u25a0;-..;... . . $2.00
Euziere's Supreme Sachet Powder, . l-oz.
b0tt1e ......... -.-,;. ..800
Euziere's Supreme Face Powder, hox Qso
Euziere's Supreme ToOet Soap,' cake \u25a0 500
Euziere's Supreme. Lotion . . . . $1.00
Euziere's Supreme Toilet Water, Boz . . .
- .;^. \u25a0 .$1.78
._ Other manufacturers "\u25a0 represented in our
present ' great -' stock ;-: of fine perfumes are
Houbigant. Roger Gallet, ; Pmaud, Violet,
Cudray, r Giranl Fils, •> Atkinson, , ""47 l l ," ;"
Ricksecker','* Colgate,^ Quentin, Richard Hud
nut and Eastman. \-. -We areshowing an im-
. mense variety in artistic holiday packages.. •
Holiday; Package^ 25c \to $5
Choice Holida\y Candies
Made in our own factory on the premises.; The very best
.of French Mixed Candy— r3 lbs for $l; 00, single Ib/35if i
NutTaffies— lb. . . . . . 280 Glace French Fruits--Ib -'^ \u25a0 800
Caramels— lb. .... .2So French Salted Almonds-^-IbICSO \u25a0
Buttercups— lb. .. . • 25O _ Christmas Mixed— lb V '.-;? 2Bq\
;.-... CAUFORNIAS LARGEST^J^^^sa*" .-••»' I
\u25a0"^J^^^^^^AMEWCA-S ORANQCST 9TONK >
Remember the Old
Those to whom the remembrances of Christmas
times long -years ago is their strongest tie on earth
should have their hearts warmed by loving attentions
which" bring to mind the happy Christmases of the
past.; . .
/ For the Old Lady — Nothing is more sensible than
a soft, warm wool knit Shawl which costs from
$1.50 to $5.50; Lace Collars, $1 ,Xo $7;5O;
SKppers, $ 1 to $2 ; Silk Dress Pattern* $6 to $30;
Work Bags, 25c to $3.75 ; Bonnets > and Toques,
$3.50^10 $10; Lorgnettes, $4 to $25.
- For the Old Qentlernan-rßeading Glasses,
$1.50 to $4 ; Smoking Sets, 50c to" ss ; Magnify-
ing Glasses, $1 to $5 '/Cardigan Jackets, $2.50 to
$4,50; Cashmere Half Hose, 25c and 50c the
pair.
Handkerchiefs for
. Xmas Gifts
Can you think of a nicer holiday
gift than a box- of real good fancy
handkerchiefs ? They make not only
a pretty gift but a very useful one.
From the largest assortment of Hand-
kerchiefs ever shown by a San Francisco
store- r We mention:
Ladies' Beautiful Hand-Embroidered Initial
Handkerchiefs (in plain and fancy designs)
. on pure Irish linen or '\u25a0 shamrock lawn — *
; Box of 6 - 850. 51. 40,32.75
Ladies' Embroidered Irish linen Handker-
chiefs, in a very pretty fancy box-^ foi
-;..v.. ,'-•..; .\u25a0 . .;..•.-.;. $1.50
Ladles' Embroidered Swiss Lawn Hand-
kerchiefs—Box of 6 - . . . ..'.... 800
\u25a0 Ladles' i Lace-Trimmed - and Embroidered
-'j Linen \ Handkerchief s— Fancy 1 box of • 4
•v- r^.-.- ? -V- 1 ':::; ''•>;:'•:.- -•\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0•; • $*-oo
' Fancy box, with mirror, contamins 1 2 all pure
Linen Handkerchiefs ' (ladies)-— Per • box
-._.:.:.• ...' ;;.:,.;;.;;. ..$1.75
Ladies' all pore Linen Handkerchiefs— Hand-
. embroidered on one corner, 6 different de-
signs.:soo, 780, $1, $1.25 each
Childron'sßoxod Hand' :
korohiofs
IBe for box of three— Colored-boider
cambric,' in pretty picture box.
25c per box ~ of ' three colored bolder with
• colored initial or colored border with pic-
: tore in one coiner,
30c for lithographic folder containing 6
. picture handkerchiefs, assorted.
- 45c for box of three-rail pure linen children's
handkerchief s, with' dainty initial.
Christmas Groceries and Liquors Under Priced
Another Great Turkey Sale Begins Friday
Harris — Best Elastern Sugar- Teas— Anr of oor regular 40c epjaE- Whiskey— Pad Jknes, Rye. « Bom-
?'. Cured.; any weight, special " : • : * " \u25a0 : ' 29 ° and Tuoday.
vMonday and Tues- +o^ Salad 011-C & B..bstead of 70c ~.r. •--••-•• * V"V
day onry, lb .. . . IpC \ bott ! c -• '•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. ••:•,••• • • 630 Qnpe Brandy— 6 yean old. qt79o
>:. V: -:-:\u25a0"-" \u0084"":' : Dates— New Fard. specials 3 8».<250 _, _,-. .. _ ,
Table Rals!ns-3.cr0wn.. 15c Perfection Cheese-In Jan. 2 fox Tipo Chlantl-Qoart decanter.^
4-crown, 20c: s^rown, lb '.:''. 250 • •>;.., ... . <25p r^J ''*/ " *.;* i?~Z
Citron. Lemon oc Orange P«1 ,3 Ibs.^ Q« k » Kummel-Speaal $1.05
Mixed Nuts— The very best, lb. • . •"• '':• "• ' • ••• • -800 Cedar Run Whiskey — Worth
.... ... .:.:.;. #5o Sardines-Good quaKty, doz. $1.1 0 $2JO i gaUon. special . . .$1.35
•tin". -. • • . • 100 Club Cocktails— Best made., bot-
Gelatine-^rCox's or Knox's pkg 106 Soap^-Diamond Q35 cakes^sl.OO ' • - •••-••• .$1.15
\ Coffee --r Our 25c Kc«a.i special,, Oranges— Fancy : sweet Nawl box." Table Wines— Fine Cabernet or Sao-
1b..^.-^ WO $2.JS, doz. . 250 and 300 teme. yal. ..- \u25a0 - ... $7.00
Show by your kindly remembrance and
liberaKty that their faithful service in your
home and office, day in and day out, meets
with a recognition that wages alone can never
fully express.
For Cook a good, serviceable Umbrella;
a nice warm Waist; a dozen Handkerchiefs;
a box of Hosiery; a Glove Order; Va
Dress Pattern, would all be appropriate, but
if she needs none of these and you are in
doubt what to give why not ** Mer-
chandise Order for the amount you
wish to spend and let her make her own
selection.
Wearables to Give
Ladies and Misses
Point de Li err c Berthas $5 to $9
Silk Gloves.... .\ 00c. 75c and $1
Kid Gloves '. .'. . '..;... . . . . . ..$1 to $2
Crocheted Slippers .«..'..' $1
Fur-Trimmed Juliets...... .75c to $2
Slippers 50c to $2.30
Hosiery, plain, pair .....25c to 60e
Cashmere Hose 25c to 50c
Fast Black Hosa ....25c to 50c
Embroidered Hosa . 1....25 c to $1.50
Sljk TJndervests $1 to $4
Fancy Corsets .$5 to $13JH>
Dressing Sacques 98c to 53.50
Wrappers . . : .98c to 83.50
Lounging Robes to $12.50
Bath Robes $4JO to $10
Kimonos 98e to $3JSO
Girls* Sweaters 12J5t>
Golf Jackets $1.25 to $3.00
Silk Petticoats $5 to $17.50
Aprons,' In every style. . .25c to $1.75
Fancy Belts, 50c to $3
Black £llk Belts 50c to $5
Leather Belts 50c to $3
Ribbon; Hair 80w5...*. ..50c to $2L50
Suit Hats, from .s3£O to $15
Bonnets and Toques $3.50 to $10
Silk Dress Patterns ......:$« to ?30
Spangled Lace Robes. . .$12.50 to $50
Waists .60c to $25
Coats, special values $5 to $7.50
Fur Jackets ....... ..$2O to $50
Feather Boas .$lO to $50
Fur Boas and Muffs...... .$8 to $75
Fur Muffs and Neck Pieces. .....
$I^s to $150
Ermine Scarfs ....$2O to $50
Fancy Evening Slippers.. sl to $3.50
Theater and Party Coats.: s3o to $30
Misses' Tourist Coats $6.90 to $15
Wool Knit Shawls. $1.50 to *5.50
JCtnas
Books
Choose here from a " stock of
400,000 volumes. All of the new
holiday books, new fiction, travels,
history, art books, children*! books.
Most of them at cut prices.
Si x Suggestions
Furniture Gifts
All Furniture in the store, except-
ing kitchen furniture, springs and mat-
tresses, now reduced 25 per cent
from our regular lowest of prices, pre-
senting a splendid opportunity to se-
cure useful -\u25a0 .—-\u25a0. all*
and lasting '*^«dgifi«ljßlw^l
Christmas
$23.00 Arts and Crafts design Desk pic-
tured, weathered oak finish, inlaid in wnhe
holly and maple, special prices $17.25
$1 1.00 Chair to match Desk . •. $8.25
$22.00 Magazine Rack - and smokers'
cabinet combined, trrmnifd with fiat brass,
colonial designed hinges . . \u25a0 $16.50
$28.00 Weathered oak Cellarette for
the den, mission design, stained glass panel,
now ..... . . ... $21. 00
Smokers' Cabinet in weathered oak.
mission design, pipe racks on the side, now
;,...;.;-.-. . : -: $11.25
Costumer and Umbrella Rack in
- weathered oak,' mission design, was $ 12.00.
;;-nowr.-.:.V.-:. . . .-. . . $9MO^
Pedestal in weathered oak, plain column,
round top, . fust right foi * the den. " was
$asanow. . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. . . . . . $6.38
the Helpers
Last Special
Sale of Dolls
Monday
while the quan- Jmaj^J^m.
try lasts two rlf-^^S?,
size* of those l\SS*^'j^VLi •
beautiful K«t- cJMfflL'* §&£ \u25a0
ncr Dolls— full
patent Jointed X.&^JVY,
papier macne ijf j j) s^ yv » \
bodies, fine. R^iA | cXf J&^&)
bisque heads. 7 tTi I*^P
sleeping eyes, Af j j T^u{
fancy chemise, aTJP \ • r^v\
the I3_j2-inch yf I \\
size, with bo- / I V\
hair wig, regu- / J -• ft\
larfy $1. each /ff j |f-
special fOlf 01 . . I In ' II l w\*
' I'M liSi*- \\
size, full human » (l||||\vV '^S-
hair wig, rega- —
Upright Toy Pianos 800
Good Toy Carpet Sweeper - . - . 25c
Tool Chest, with 16 practical tools. . 95c
•^Sntchwdr Hand-Sewing Machine . . .
53. 15
32-iach Hardwood Coaster . . . 52.00
Boys* Boxing Gloves, hair staffed . SI.OO
Chair Horses, painted and dappled.s/.2 5
Girls' Tricycles . . $4.00 to $13MO
Stables, with horses, wagons, etc . . . , .
-. 25c to $25
Stationary Steam Engines . .50c to $10
China Tea Sets . .... iOo to $7 .50
Skin Hones on Platform.. sOc to $9.00
Horse and Cart . . . . .$1 to $2.50
Two-Story DoQ Houss, several rooms. . $1
lion Fire Engines. . . . IQc to $3.25
Elephant with Moving Head- . . -$1.00
Iron Hook and Ladder Tmcks..2sc to $3
DoQ Trunk with tray . ..... . 25c
Wearables to Give
Men and Boys
Slippers 75e to 93JM>
Cashmere Half Hose 35c to 30c
Fancy Half H05e....... 35c up to 91
Half Hose lOc to 91
Suspenders .25c to 93US0
Handkerchiefs, colored borders
1... ........10e to Si
Handkerchiefs ......... sOc to 33J50
Neckwear .......... .;....3Se to $S
Boys' Mufflers, all shades... . ..1.73c
Silk Reefers .':'..'...: .91 to 95
Silk Mufflers .... ..... ... 91 to 924»
Wool Gloves . .V. .33c
Handkerchiefs. Silk Bandana...
.................. ..*USO, 93. 93^0
Dent's Gloves ; . .9135
Fownes' Gloves ....... ..91^0 to 93
Sweaters ; . . 1 . ... /. . . . .tZZO to 94.75
Boys' Bathrobes SI.SS to 93L50
Boys' Sweaters 75c to 93
Neckwear for Boyr. 20e to 50c
Boys' Blouses 35e to 9&SO
Boys' Pajamas 75e to *1.50
Boys' Shirts 50c tt> 93
Boys' Hats WhSS to 9XBO
Boys' Caps .45c to 9&50
Boys' Suits .93 to StZJSO
Boys' Overcoats 93 to 913J50
Boys' Reefers ....94 to 9&50
Boys' Rubber Boots . ..$1.65 to 93.75
Terry. Bathrobes 93L50 to 97
Dresslnsr Gowns 95 to 915
House Coats ..94 to 915
Full Dress Shirts .f1.50 to 93
Men's Trousers -. .93J50 to S3JM»
Men's Suits r. .910 to. 930
Russian Overcoats 93 to 910
Rain coats »12_'>o to 93S
Overcoats ....910 to 935
Fancy Vests .......... 91 .50 to ?3.50
Youths'. Suits f«.50 to 930
Youths" Overcoats ...... 9&50 to 930
6162
What could be better than a gift of furniture? Daily use— dally , thoughts of /•1 \' •f//l|l|l
the generous friend and a certain happy Christmas. Gifts tihat» will last and W'^i I Iml/il
;''jj& y K~ 3 *"- If — * . jJ^^^—- ~ - 1 ;^k Prcttv Pedestal Mttctr fiiWn^t t?n H ill
\u0084 L / .l <£ | « - — J II „ *^7 iituy 1 tuuidi iTIUMC \oaDlUClf <p£\J VA\ • . Bf
fVi'fe If! -it^-"-!- V> DfTl t- tfZ *7C $2.95 A new idea and a W • '
\MM^ / i 3 <r_J*- n., D f rU ' C/CA * * Comes only in If^i° ne: tw ° Vl^V 1^ A DRYING TABLE
I tf?gl JL 4l '-^^ —• Dainty rarlOr CnaiT, $6.50 A v- ailfv ..i;,.!.^ mahogany tin- boards are placed on UKE THIS t '
K^te >iiL. —* - -.. ' Tv A beauty, polished !8h ;- polished.- of pivots to swing out- Made in the richest . -of
\ypZ=Z^ Highly polished frames of mahoganized birch, course! The tjp Ward: muslc ls placed
U V mahoganized birch; daintily swinging French plate across. The upright. You can se- hogany.
designed, yet strong and ser- . -~ \u0084,.., j,_..,___ ' gracefully turn-, lect any piece with- in quarter-unwed 0ak.517.80
r««,t,J«^««« viceable Full soring Seats mirror ' Wide drawers, d column Is 4 out disarranging the m mahoenoy ....... .*IO.OO
Combination £?. / P a •"?, •?»£ small drawers, a world inches in diam- others. Polish c d, A little larger than usual
_. f «t\ * o->i upholstered in dainty silk *, "• "*„ i*'i* ";*i: eter. Only one quarter-sawed oak and the wood and cabinet .
BookcaS* and DCSk. 527 tapestries or in brocaded ye- ot P'S 6Oll noies, ncn t0 a customer or ; mahogany— same work are the best that na-
":;-T lours ' Carving. will be our rule, price. ture and man can produce.
Rounded glass door, rich * , '\u25a0 — ' — — : :—: — . \u0084 —
carving and an unusually (^-r^r^^K There may be other things almost as good. Jardiniere . Stand
handsome design. Six feet V.fccs\ />/'J4££M 1 " 1 1117*?
hiirh, 37 inches wide; oak Vr^LHlr'Si This is certain — there is nothing better, nothing * t."
and mahoganized birch. « .1 , .11 1 . 1 .!_• .1. x «ti l - i. The pret- yei: '
Cheaper ones? Yes, by ft JM 1 that will last longer— nothing that will be such a. tiest thsngs .
down to StageS $13.50 JU4^( Lw B^ T constant daily reminder of the donor as Fur- imaginable- © : .
Splendid Rocker, $2.90 Uwl?^) IM! Furniture for presents need not cost more than, lower --ex- m/
Golden oak, broad panel trinkets. WeVe articles to Suit all purses. Credit actly 20 in. J5
backs; high, spreading ScT\Z Q vk 1 .1 i.rr j. 11 . 1 hieh Turned *c£t
arms AX ? %jQrvw_« makes another difference. It enables one to buy ° . ™ CQ . Js^-..
V E , ' — rcoCS^jaFHN , T ~\u25a0* '*'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- .1 column, a 12- — x
it win puzzle you to tell wpS =£ S5S^^"H the kind of a present, a worthy present, without j nch totx
in what way they differ c* 3 J* 1 1 -• .r. ' ' -c gr*wmffigfs^ >^>'
i from most five-dollar depleting the purse. . Every p art «?
rockers. , ,\ \u25a0/..,.' ' . _' _ . J^ s fa^-V "
Li I \u25a0a a E? t^T^vySf^S^fc Rf AKWW MBBiPitßS^Uvv i&EmSttß jßramF ' jKWEy kS$Qm ffi|L Ii i I 1 wa<l
Bold Kobbera Hold Vp a Bank.
MARSH FIELD, Wis., Dec. 16. — The
State Bank of Colby, Wis.. was robbed
this afternoon of $4500 by two high
waymen, who ordered the cashier at
the points of revolvers to turn over the
money in his possession. The cashier
complied without hesitation. The rob
bers quickly drove away.
§H| B. KATSCKINSKI IS?
" r '°"-°' Philadelphia Shoe Company | MARKET ST.
Extra Inducements, for Xmas Buyers
Visit onr store thla week and »cc onr Immense variety of Chri.-tmn*
footwear. We ff-unrantec to nave you from 25c to $1.00 on every pair of
fthues you- purchase from us; and remember we carry the very best make*
and the lilsrheKt grade* manufactured. Give un a trial this week and be
convinced that our prices are the. lowest In this city. Doa't miss our great
ChrKtmns Inducements.
We Issne Them -XMAS SHOE O RD E RS -Good AnyTime
DOLCE FELT SLIPPERS
MEN'S FANCY SLIPPERS HAXDaiADE— Ladles' Black, Red,
SPECIAL LEADER FOR X3IAS— h^^,,^ ? 1UC i F fi l Sli PP, er8 ' wl^
Men's Dark Tan or Black Vicl Kid i?*"^"™?^., !, ca j h ? r s 2 leB ,' n g£-
Slippers, made with, fancy Inlaid S««?Vlft imLS?? l?Fl ?F hee 5* JJ h *
patent leather fronts and either su to 9 sr^A?
curved sides or full straight vamps; 2 * to 8 * IKCL^^ SALE PIUCB
sizes C to 12. nEDUCCD SALE: '"- UOC
TRICE OOC ===o===
WE CARRY OVER 100 STYLES Of p^m^l::
MEVS AM> BOYS' SLIPPERS. |Nfi&jtaro|gß
PRICES I'ltU.l! sOc TO $-'.50. l|^»Jß^^^
5-STRAP SANDALS * ' i^^^ Style 362
ELEGAXCn OF STYLE — Children's I'^'W-i?
L 22s? M I £SZ LATEST COLLECE STYLE ..
plain coin toos and hand-turned SAVE 40c — Ladies' Fine VlclKld
soles; widths B to D — Lace Shoes, with high wave .vamps,
rhiirt«- si™.. «;u. \u2666« o »,,. dull ki(J Quarters, large coliese eye-
rh mv l\l*l' lv. t h Sl'V.l let 8« wlde laces - Patent tips and
V«l««- if i 10 . 11 ;""* 1 * 40 Cuban heels - Sizes 2H to 8; widths
Misses sizes. 11 % to 2.... 51.G0 Ato E REDUCED SALE PRICE
t $2.10
Dolce Felt f--"'^.^^ "
a to 5. .40c CROCHET SLIPPERS
*==*==>*=*=' EXTRA VALUES— Chiids', Misses'
CH ILDRE.VS A.\D MISSES* and Ladies' Crochet Slippers, . made
BLACK FELT JULlETS —^Leather with warm fleece-lined - soles, fancy
soles, elastic sides and patent collar tops and ribbon, bows. Childs'
leather tips. REDUCED SALE sizes, red, 6to 10, GOc; misses' sizes
PRICES. Sizes Sto 11, OOC: lltt red. 11 to 2, 7Oe» ladies' sizes, black
to 2, COc A or red. 3 to S. UQc-
10 THIRD STREET (J f/fITQPJJSfJOJ/I Mai I Orders
SAN FRANCISCO Di I\H I OUlilliOiVl Promptly Filled
Imboilrn-lIiU Trial Near* End.
DENVER, Colo., Dec. 16.— After the
State closed its case to-day In the trial
of Leonard B. Imboden and James A.
Hill, charged with conspiracy to wreck
the Denver Savings Bank, the attor
neys for the defense asked for a con
tinuance until Monday, which was
granted.
THE SAN; FRANCISCO : GALI^:;: SUNDAY, DECEMBER ; 17, 1905,
TRIES SUICIDE
AFTER QUARREL
Kentuckian Js Despondent
Because His Wife Eef uses
to "Kiss and Make OJp"
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Dec. 16.— Because
his wife refused to kiss him after they
had Quarreled Peter Rausch drank an
ounce of carbolic acid and a bottle of
linament and cut his wrist twice' with
a* razor. The physicians say he will re
cover.
Rausch and his wife disagreed over a
trifling matter and angry I words were
exchanged. The woman declared she
would never forgive him and threatened
ton go home to her mother. \u25a0 Rausch pon
dered over the matter,, it -is said, and at
last decided he was In error and decided
that he would beg his wife's forgiveness
and make overtures for, peace.
This morning Rausch told his wife that
he thought he had been wrong In his po
sition and , said that he was willing to
let bygones be bygones. The woman re
fused to accept his appeals, V and when
he asked her to kiss and make up' she
scorned him. •
Rausch went to his room, took the poi
son and cut himself. He was near death
when found. • . \
CHARLESTON, W. Va., Dec. 16.-A
kiss, or, rather, refusal to give a kiss, is
as&lgned as the cause of a tragedy here
which may result in the death of Wesley
Peyton and the preferring jof a : charge
of murder against his wife.
Peyton and his wife quarreled last night
They both retired in an angry.: frame
of mind, but this morning the. woman was
in better humor and.willingly forgave her
husband. The man was more •; obdurate,
however, and refused to accept the over
tures for peace. He ate his breakfast \in
silence and prepared to go to work as
usual. ' -. • . v'V-!-?; j,;, ,;
Mrs. Peyton followed him to the < front
door and when he stepped out Into the
street, without his .customary 'farewell
kiss she whipped ,a • revolver from ; the
folds of her skirt and fired. \u25a0 The bullet
struck Peyton" in - the r back, inflicting . a
serious wound. He : was ; taken to i a hos
pital and his wife is being i held, pending
the outcome of her husband's wound, a
INSANE ENGINEER
AT THE iTHEOTTLE
Continues at Work for Six
Montlisßeiore Condition
Is Discovered^
SDecial Dispatch to The Call.
ALBANY," Dec." 16. —For six "-months
Lewis Zimmerman, .'»\u25a0; locomotive en
gineer with ' a ? run { between this ; city and
Syracuse, held t the - lives '\u25a0 of- hundreds ' of
passengers' each day.^ in; his: control, ; " and
although . Insane V cared I for them safely
without accident." /, It was \u25a0 learned ; to-day
that for half a year,; before : he >was com
pelled :by \u25a0 a stroke -of paralysis ; to * leave
the employ of the road he had been'out of
his mind. ? During, all ; that , time he contin
ued ,at the .; ; throttle '.; of ;*;; * ; the '\u25a0, locomotive,
which \u25a0 hauled one . fast - express . east : and
another west daily. He vwas ; committed
to an insane asylum to-day. ".<; '
"In the case of an "old" man named Shee
han \of .Tralee, Ireland, ; who \ had t applied
for. relief,- one ?of ; the guardians of^the
poor, remarked:/ £Ttiel poor^ man^shdula
haye 1 : some"' relief .. Sure, ; ho : has no ' bed
clotbea but his goat." • ?^: :v": v " '<•';•
APT INTERESTING '
CONVERSATION OVERHEARD
An Experienced Holiday 1 1 Shopper
Gives Some Valuable Christ
mas Hint*. * ""
"Christmas shopping ; is a pleasure
when you know-where to go," a lady
was saying to her friend in the car. "I
always like to give slippers; there's
nothing any one appreciates more, and
a man will simply be tickled to death
with such a present. I find . buying
them easy. I have been getting them
for years at 'Kaufmann's,' 832 Market
street, and every year I find more and
prettier styles and prices much more
reasonable than anywhere else. This
store has more holiday slippers for
men, women - and children l than any
other store in San Francisco and as
many as several together. \u25a0
"The styles you see thereare not the
usual and ordinary slippers; they are
in original and tasteful designs and
look very different from what you're
accustomed to 'in other stores. And
then 'Kaufmann's' make : it a point |to
always have something novel and
unique. I bought some real buckskin
moccasins and some nice warm slumber
slippers to wear in bed. You can't get
these things anywhere ' else, .; and both
are so handy to have about. .And "my
children never want :to: go another
store,* for they always get such pretty
presents there." . . -
Stamp collectors will profit by the sep
aration of Norway from Sweden. 1 All the
stamps that bear the portrait of King
Oscar ceased to be valid on .July 80. *
HOLIDAY GIFT
SUQQESTIQNS
Our Special; HolidayoDisplayssuggest remem-
brances which are useful and tasteful; our
qualities are the best obtainable; our styles are j
exclusive arid our, prices are very" reasonable.
'\u25a0 'Four ': Floors ;". of Fjurn iture"':-;
Rocking Chairs .. $5 to $75 Piano Benches . $10 to $50
r Easy Chairs .; $20 to $150 Footstools;.' . $1.50 to $20
Toilet Tables .. $14 to $100 Mission Lamps . $25 to $40
Hall Clocks .; . $20 to $800 Book Racks . \u0084$2.50 to $25
; Tea Tables ... .556 to $50 Muffin Stands .. $10 to $25
Music Cabinets. $10 to $150 Bookcases .. $8 to $350
Auto-Valets . . $60 to $250.^ Costumers .'. . $1.25 to $40 -
Cellarettes .... $16 to $75 China Cabinets .; $25 to $15n
Shaving Staiidssl2.soto sso Work Tables ;. $10 to $4a
Buffets . . .islstoslso Ladies' Desks .$8 to $15n
. Tabourets 7 . -'v r sliso to $15 ; Curio Cabinets . $40 to $14 5
:\ Dining Tables . $18 to $250 \u25a0 Cheval Mirrors . $40 to $100
Magazine Stands . $6 to $1 5 Morris Chairs .. $14 to $5o
: Ttie: -Drapery -Flooir Offers '
SHk Comforters ..... .;. . . .-\u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0 . . ".: . $8 to $26
Sofa Pillows ... . . . ... . .. 50c to $5.00
Panel Screens; ...;. . . . . ."i. $5.50 to $60
. ' : : An-- Entire^ Floor ;v 6f OHentalvßugs
SLOANE'S
\u25a0i-if— i22PostStreet
, . ' _ -\u25a0 "\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0". . l ." m , . "'\u25a0...'.\u25a0. \u25a0
> ' \u25a0\u25a0;. "h -. .\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 '. : . ."\u25a0"'. ' ,-'\u25a0\u25a0» l ' .*
PHTSICTAN WHO HAS MADE BOMB
REMARKABLE DISCOVERIES IN
HIS STUDY OP THE BLOOD.
STUDY OF BLOOD
HIS SPECIALTY
Wonderful Discoveries Made
by Dr. Paul Uhlenhutli of
German Army Medical Staif
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
BERLIN, Dec. 16.— Dr. Paul Uhlen
huth of the German array medical staff
and professor of the University, of
Greifswald, knows more about " blood,
probably, than any other man living 1 .
He has made it /his specialty and has
pursued the study of It with Teutonic
thoroughness. Before he began his re
searches it ivas possible to ascertain by
chemical analysis whether what ap
peared to the layman a dark, red
eplotch merely was blood or paint or
some other stain. But science halted
there. After ; determining that it was
blood, except when it was compara
tively fresh, it could not prove conclu
sively whether it was' human or animal
blood. . Dr. Uhlenhuth has discovered
how that can be determined with abso
lute certainty. "He goes further than
that. He can tell what kind of animal
the blood comes ' from, even though
weeks, months and even years have
elapsed since It was shed.
The blood which pursues Its life-giv
ing course through. our veins is an al
buminous, solution, In which an im
mense number of red and white corpus
cles, visible only with a microscope, are
suspended. The blood " corpuscles of
men and animals, under powerful mi
croscopic examination, reveal certain
minute differences, but when the blood
has dried; as -Is- almost Invariably the
case when it becomes a . subject of
criminal Investigation, these differences
cannot be traced. But besides the cor
puscles,'blood contains still other char
acteristic substances— the' albuminous
matter. By infinite pains and labor Dr. j
Uhlenhuth .has ascertained that these
albuminous substances differ in differ
ent sorts of blood, and, that these dif
fer enccs can ]be I proved even after the
blood has been dried up for decades and
even mixed with various other mate
rials. . .i.- .".-\u25a0>.- . .. ..- :\u25a0 \u25a0 - . k ; r.': r :
It : would take too long to describe in
detail how' he j does this. His Investiga
tions are ibased i on biological " serum re
search. He Injected hen's blood into rab
bits and the, serum of . the rabbits "so
treated produced, when added to a solu
tion of the albumen of hen's eggs, a slight
turbidity only after a considerable period,
whereas in a thin varnish-colored solution
of hen's blood it at once "produced a
strong sediment This experiment proved
Get Yotir Pi^no for
Christmas
Think of the joy to the family should you buy a piano now
and have it in the home by Christmas.
You have long cherished the hope for a piano— now it can
be made a living reality.
This sale of pianos comes just when you want one most.
The prices are within your limit. The terms are so easy that by
paying $6 down the piano will be delivered at once.
Come down to the store to-morrow and have the piano de-
livered in time for Christmas. ... ." V.lv
Even though the pianos are considerably reduced we will
sellthem as low as $6 down and $6 a month.
Read This Bargain List:
UPRIGHT PIANOS
' "U?SBg:li . . .Used and New Odd Styles. '^^S
REGULAR. SPECIAL
puild, ebony ......$225.00 $137.00
Arion, ebony $200.00 $124.00
Hardman, small size .$250.00 $144.00
Schmitz, fairly good $175.00 $ 98.00
Kohler &; Chase, mahogany $375.00 $295.00
Franklin, walnut $350.00 $248.00
Standard, walnut % •". $375.00 $igs.oo
Winthrop, walnut \u0084. . . $375.00 $343.00
Fisher, walnut . .... ... . ., .$475.00 $397.00
Behr Bros., ebony . . . .,. ... . . 4 $400.00 $263.00
Weser Bros., mahogany ............... ...$400.00 $276.00
Vose, mahogany ........................ .$425.00 . $281.00
A. B. Chase, good . as new. ....... ... ... . .$500.00 ' $283.00
Weber, walnut : . . . . . . .'. ;,. ... . . . : . ...... .$575.00 X-, $475.60
GRAND PIANOS
Bechstein, ebony . . ...-_:.». .-«.^, ...1 iM,«.:.»....i M ,«. : .»... . .sSoo.oo $247.00
Hallet & Davis , :„...«_.. 5850.00 $379.00
Christmas Suggestions
Should you wish to make a Christmas gift of anything in
the musical line, remember it can be purchased to the best ad-
vantage at our store. We carry the best agencies and guaran-
tee all our goods. \u25a0PJ--'k'>P-
Instruments will be sold on installments if desired. Some
of our departments are: Violin outfits," guitars, mandolins,
banjos, drums, bugles, band instruments, etc.
For small gifts we suggest music rolls.
We carry the best talking machines and records of all
makes. If you want a really fine instrument, buy a Zonophone
with, the new tapering arm.
Note these important reductions: $1.00 records, cut to 60c;
75c records, cut to 50c; 50c records cut to 35c
All music boxes cut 25 per cent.
Criterion music boxes and tune sheets cut 33 per cent.
KOHLER. & CHASE
Largest* Piano House on the Coast— Established 1850
Corner Post and Kearny
that it was actually possible to establish
certain differences of the albuminous sub
stances In hen's blood and hen's eggs.
, Simultaneously another extremely 5 Im
portant fact ' was established by this ex
periment.' The serum referred -to pro
duced a sediment only In - a solution of
hen's blood, while all other : solutions of
the blood of the most varied kinds of ani
mals remained perfectly clear, v |
By treating rabbits In a similar man
ner with the blood of oxen, goats or pigs,
he obtained sera which yielded sediment
only in the blood solutions used in the
treatmentr^And 1 a . rabbit ; treated with
human blood yielded a serum .which pro
duced precipitation only In human blood.
; Dr. Uhlenhuth's researches in blood dif
ferentiation have led to another practical
result : He has made .it % easy, to ascer
tain the composition of the sausage and
can prove beyond the shadow of a doubt.
no '• matter • how highly it b« seasoned,
whether it be made of pork or of horse's
flesh.
To naturalists hardly less Interesting Is
the proof ' he ; ls • able to , furnish of the
blood . relationship T among animals. The
Darwin lan theory | of ' the descent of . man
has been" ' greatly -• strengthened , ' by ~ his
demonstration of the close \ affinity . be
tween the life fluid of human beings and
the I blood of anthropoid apes.
THREE WEEKS' JAG
COSTS HIM $9000
Then TimbtKy Hiirley Goes
to Psychopatliis Ward
in Hospital.
Special Dispatch to Thd Call.
"i\ NEW YORK. Dec . 16.— Timothy * ITur
ley, one of the partners In Jack's restau
rant/ appeared in: thtiWest Bide court to
day; in the role *of complainant against
two | young women, whom he . . charged
with ; having • robbed him of J2SO. Lawyer
Hammond declared that Hurley had spent
$9000 'in, three weeks on various brands of
booze,"- and "that , If he were : not arrested
in bis generosity to himself serious harm
might come to him. Later ihe two young,
'women, were'broufiht^ inby'detectlvea and
spedflcally charged -with theft by the
•wuvering Hurley. Both fiealed t2xa
charge, but were locked up. Friends of
Mr. Hurley came for him later and led
him away.
Lawyer : Champ* Andrews, actlax for
Hurley, withdrew the charge entered
against the young women and they flut
tered from the tribunal. Michael Hurley,
Timothy's nephew, appeared at this Junc
ture, and at his suggestion his uncla was
•ent to th© psychopathic ward to Belle
rue for four days.
/?f SPECIAL
m 5 ALE I]
14-Karst , Oold-FUled 20-T««* G«a-
««""»•• w.tck. 1« «i»«. wlta 4 15-
Jewel Wftltham or Elgin moTe-
ment; euaranteed for tf-irj nf\
price 112.50.. • ~
L«.11#» % 14« Karat Gold-Filled 30- Year
\v««cb. with a Waltham, Elgin or
H^mpden movement; guaranteed «?
for 10 years. R«gu- tf»"l Jt C?A "
Ur price «0
Mail order* \u25a0 riven prompt attention.
ASLEVIN^
JEWELER r
©^MARKET SI|K»\u25a0 Eiderdown \ rafga;; A G/<^ R f , P r ~lii^""'^ v;''; 1 '"""' "' : " v " ; '"" j.^ ;; l^^^^^^q,--^ J Napkin } Sterling] Silver § ;
U** DfOCcffiff Qa/"/Tir/a < ! -AJ I'^'O and ornamental articles "o^e- ? "^ fc ... ' 'v;^ "' ".'^ <A "JL^r <+** ' ; ''\ ii^M^^^^T^^^^^^) !' DtrtfiC ': ' J 3jDj6 W3f6 12?
UreSSing baCqUe 01 ,§^ [r o U r^,° nly tW ° men - J| J| ft^^ "^ H^C&! I' \ Kltl 9 S |!-m the famous Warwick and.Tudor
X Of heavy German fleeced ma-"! PHi/ '^f I ' Child's Set— Consisting of ;! H 7^ P»HVM"< Wk ; ' T H ! ; \u25a0 * : - !' o, ' Rose patterns; bright and 4?
$ Lnt'^^V^'tS (B/Sf lf^SH« .SJ-V->fW*'*^ : ; i!:leaffi*r Music Rolls r^^-Z Sf - Wih; '" htlty I
fszes, nothing more acceptable ; \u25a0*&& 1 v-4fv -4f ; price. Set ......... ..:r»sc 'V^• y \u25a0 \u25a0 "TT^. .^-.. --^^_. ':::;\u25a0 ;--i^^v-_^^_- ;_^_r^j V ' -.;,-? plain and -fancy, -designs. 1 The . Butter Knives, set^of 6 »=.io
• ' ••'•• »X * •*'V ;! '"' ' llf> ; dally priced at. a set.S3.D5 [__^jT. : J : X-X-^:;..:..^: ; ---'- ' -~~~~TTrr™ > ?T >^^ " " ' ' : L -^r L --.r-'-o-n- u^ -'-!-,. . . _ '' ; '^ -'--' .." "'- - - -' - : -.-,-\u25a0,-_,-_-.-:,-.---- .-- f "
«f A IM ;i TT£ ! It's getting close, to Christmas and a great<fnany people still have their gifts to buy'/ Here's an array of \ ions Calendars are \ S
I: Our Glove and Mer- \ sueffestibns-from Pragers tremendous which will m /XarP^pnfc ; &
|i chandise Orders I; easy. Make your notes and come to Pragers to-morrow---the; earlier the .»
\u25a0i Are Accepfab/e Wo//day fflib j ma de for quick and convenient shopping, Hundreds of extra salespeople and a trebled delivery ; force. L^i?^f - ngtng trom 2e to^ -I
Dnn'f Ovpf/oofc Toy-Town \chMren'sFurSets\tiandk^ |(?reafva/ues/nSmoiV/ngiackefs S
" V vrir^iivvii iv/ lv ' fll :| <S^ Made of i SenS/We Gifts I for Women !i A delayed Shipmentof Smoking Jacketsand Bath Robes U
It has been a busy spot for many days, and duringthe ; : /s^»3@ft ' an g ora i ; -ru ~4~ ..ur ' ji />s^ ; : has just reached us, and as they are thirty days late m-
coming week will be one of the most attractive places ;| i^raw' Lamb.;; p^S- 1 ' in coming, we shall offer " £S^k " «f
in the city for both young and old. Remember Toy- ': d^ ZJF These;! : jjj- ; v^^^g^^V^^^^ \' them at a good liberal dis- wT*d S-
Town occupies our entire fifth floor and the big:; F?&lraL sc . ts con ' |: . 11 ((^^•••. |: y^^ count to insure quick sell- i %^ul %
assortment to be found there insures your getting |: jzeM' Iv%2|v s^a ?! i : I!ftz& r r^s WJS^^i' 'i ' m 8m 8- The manufacturers jLj^/ A k&-
what you want, moderately priced. S\|ln^/ The m afe^ I '^ C^^^^^^s^ ' have given us a reduction _^<:^^^^ >v 4^*
Child's Rocking Horse-With mane and >^ 111 1 iWiiid|ilK> a 1 w a y's |i iB|ff®\ | On their COSt, Owing tO /fftXi^PS^ ' A
tail; also upholstered seat; regu- *- nn ! :^£^iMß^^ J * „ \u0084 >7 .;: delay in forwarding, and yCKMX^M^ira\ &
lar $1.50 value. Sale price 51.0U /o^mW \ Pragers 0^ ss P f^^^f s^ ;! ''we are, -therefore, in a |bp^«S • O^to *
Ml Double Horse Rocking Chair— With a -du- O^^'/^pi':^ l^fe^HiU fc^lr sP c c ial » \u25a0! I^.l^wLJ '! Kid, with 3 rows of sclf-embroi- ! splendid DOSltion tO offer f#'-f|\' : &^Mk P^£;&la S
iM -p b el:%^ ck; rceular value ?2 - 25 - 51.55 * AT^A a •¥J,if' PrP r ' c c l&&^^ S^ cS i fXteners. ba^sil tempting prices to holiday JdMBifflSaiK&
IS w , ur%u ,• fW -5 on H^A — -^t^ \u25a0jfißM^V^ buyers. These jack c t s ft^&\fMPiV|s^l Ir
fSt Wagon, Truck— Withadjustable sides and VCH* _Ar^ ! ; ' 1 r*»^ . -n c «i pr fpH ctnrl^ nf< a Pair;" comes in all colors, such. ; / oil fho looHinw U- i 2^M^-iM'»-*/<^-^l\ *A
jf£ poles, heavy steel wheels; regular -- «- !; \\ :: Well SeleCtea StOCK Ot ag P tan, mode, brown,, gray, O COme in all ' the .leading tt &
uj $4.25 value, sale price jD.zj — l>^-^ ; ~ . ; handkerchiefs; priced at !; green, red, navy, black and ; colors— -gray, brown, black feV'^g y?v| V r i^^^f
'S F^-^^] willow doii Buggy-whh green painted ! Bearskin Coats for popular fig u x es. <; We} / \ and fancy mixtures. They Sj
& VF&rtZWi ' reg 75C pnee... -'t/c, i;«i A :; mention as many items ; : The verona-A real imported ; are finished and tailored > (hr>^# \^Wrf ie
58 J^SIXm 'le^SraS^fJ^i! M L ™ e as space will permit. If;! in up-to-date style. 55.00 mM/W \
.ff\j?3fc&!3s break; regular $2.00 value. Sale price. . .*'" tO \\ T^ Cl^ ' - J OIS yOU do nottind Wfiat yOU 1; and whiter 3 clasps; Paris point j; ValUeSWhlle dF /rf © >*^#^ \: \/} W?i
it W^T^S^ a big assortment of newest funny books-uttie JkffsL want here you certainly i;sSfS??Ati^ s ' C A°JiSS C ofSl. : they last... %i^O \ \ X- \u25a0' I W
tH^V^i? t^e B lnd^tnn^r^^ parent .i^^^^g 25 J^^^^Sgg^ |
fe Hil^ #$5 Jimmy SjlCC2t - OnSPCCia L^^^ C^^ bri'aiTed; |i For WOmen i:^S^S^^^i!f tan, green, olive, and wine shades. ExtrApecial Jg OC g"
\d J>e ' !J ' >: - SW^^^l 4|t?}^fe^%^ turn baxk ;I Sheer Lawn Initial Handkerchiefs, !\u25a0• $2.00 Walking Glove C 1 _ n / price »^V»V*/ jj^
Xf- Toy Pianos— White enamel and _ mahog- Hmi tS&B&iM ! ? \T S'^S-V c v ff - lay-! neat hand-embroidered rh- I Special price, a pair pI.DU ] f renc h Flannel Bath KODeS— l P- Pretty gray shades; also Crash Wf
V*. any; regular $1.50 value. Special of 0 - IP 1 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0^ ! w"n*Vwif4 down collar; !; initials; box of 6. .....:'. */l/t \ Fanchon Suede Glove— Just ar- ; _ ... . Robes, with hoods attach- C 7 hO tt
$ $7257 ' 25 =: mppMl&M in white only; !; Hand-embroidered Initial' Xinen /^ -riyed;>in -all new shades No ;! Ed; good $5.00 value. Special price ? J^° J^-
s Oenuine High-grade Kestner Doll-With dos- t^^^^ i| "«Br -^T^ Handkerchief.; box JJ QQ s^.^^^^^ I*- *^ " ?«-?^*f S " #n EWefifOWn Rotes KS^SSSS £,
ing eyes, double extra rubber in all . q r/^^^^^M ! : 1^ far value $6. < . '"': ' '„ ' ' ' \'.; , \s „ V antced. Pair $1.50 _ the best ?6. S o robe ever brought to this market. Our ff/#OC
I W«BTi^ 25c #50 Jg g£SS*^H 1 collar antf Cuff l-ffdfjday JVecfcwear M
S, Magic Lantern— With one dozen slides and > \u25a0>\u25a0]' Haivdkerchiefs; box "of ;6 1 y t;;. j Pair > • Jr te "^ '\u25a0 !tr • L :>^SL : tjt
J^ * fi > heavy lens; regular $1.75 value. ff/ «- |; Children's Bearskin Caps ".I; Tine Linen . = u H^ BOX6S - "hance* tl t^^^W^ i?>
t^fl -rrTTT^ Sale price $/.^O\ r Handkerchiefs, with the popular Pj3n/*l/ I flCflinfiC : ' cnance w V^V
-S?T^J££#3? , \u0084^ , To match coats in the little Dutch narrow hemstitch; Cf'/l/i rdlit 7 WUDIIIUII^- ; for men, \u25a0; ge . l .J U 5 V^ld^/S^ i 3?*
frf^W&SwSsS! Ass , ortmcn , t 1 of Games— Twenty different styles,,; effect, with wide silk ties; ! : "box of 6 J)l.l/l/ A ' bi«? assortment of hand-embroi- : o#3sB¥iZsi? made of \ what you^f^mi/^ V»;
Z&^&^ Wcial rCgularly f ° r 35C and 4 ° C - 20c : lOr> W , hite; rcegulr c eguI . a^ ?! SO ; : 5.000* boxei "of -Handkerchiefs; with cushions in silk and fin- ; black and J v ?n? n * f^^S&df &.
' SpCCial ; V $2.00 value. Special- 4>i**JV \u25a0|l \u25a0' embroidered, hemstitch and seal- ished with cords. Also a good { leather; 3^ !
Wu (SiStTz'i '-'U-.^Zr tii-Ji^* O \u25a0.'."*\u25a0> rwuji Mechanical Trains or Tracks. — \ <mm AMMMMWVMW wwi !; loped edge; put up in a £(\~ \ t^^^^jSz^*^ beautifully ; nne-hilr! S^^«iv
S^=-^^^^^^^gJS^L Good durable engine; reg- 9^ !; - |-J/- IJ r L ' fancy box. Special, a box 01/ C !; ' 1111^ n-? ?e eul a r F*
ularly3sc ;. Special - •;;;;;;. 50// d 00/u rODS il^boxeso^ i E^^s^cuoVnia p rices - /^^^^^^^ S^
i^ Um&re//aS for Men \ Silk Handkerchief Bonnets ln *£* different m^^^S^ '"" Th{ c !}tH W^^P^ fe If
I M/omenandCh//dren! sc 80 , r228 Ifp"^^ c^a^S^Si M^?l JHftr'B
I w -""-^Sfe^i! <B^^ Kmstvll \u25a0 F ::^^i^« -S^^ l^ 'SHhSlixfi^-^m^^^f
I i.v^OT»«iiH^a Ik y ••\u25a0••- W.95J1& ij i: :??P A 1^ iO ft£ ll js o sj 3^^-i 9 i
2 'h'/ C W W ; V- Wy X/ French cV? C^^^ ; : FOf Meil > •••;"""""":"•",. *. > immense variety of Collar and !; «<i States ||lkSl^^ g
r fnr s t s w \\\ ill , }J&m X < o rtiid 'f^ ;^« u^jnKH.-*^^ Hand-pamted rhina sut 1 ' ransins from ?i -°° Hoc .=»
fi 4 an im- V 1 IU djl'-J ! /^t/.J^^ a J- 0 W^SflftX =*^ Medium size; embroidered initial. ;! -^ i^flffld ! ' dollar. W £g
mense \BgVj gIJR^ ! 77/ \ /^ J,, H . .. < ' ''\u25a0M&MHy \u25a0 TTT 25c; or box of 6. . . . . tf 4 A/1 ;! >^ s ==tf sacis3::Sss s= ls^_ i; _S^ .Whisky. Flasks ,; 525 2 . 0O Liberty Silk Keck C 1 nn «#
5J variety a»J^ >[J \Jf^ made, all, . z=n, — Z !; .4>l.*Tl/ /fST^ ! J?%£^L —Leather! R u ffs $1.00 Vk-
of han- -jfl^M^ XPA (f<)r : :^A^2#^ !; :; Initial Handkerchiefs of -soft fin- ;! Ir^^'^H^fl 'l/mSSBsk c ?™* d > w j th \\ $2.50 Liberty Silk Neck Jsj
,«« dies in gun ifMUr' | \£l 5i. 25 '•iS^^Si ; ished cambric, full size; hem- ! i / V \l "mZ&?^k\- mckcl tO P s : a Ruffs $1.50 it
VM metal, ster- Mq |ft ;! ": : gf7 ,^fj ! stitched and put up in fancy!; #Ai/^ "fel \ ! : ffe?r' -'-•"' fe a j a n - d ?3-0O and $3-50 Liberty -JE
hn ? Slh 'f5 \«f ' : ' ! ; Xf & ! ; boxes; price i2%c, or box OAJ. !; lO^^^^'Pl ! . : :^: v:j ?vB han d y arti- : , Silk Neck Ruffs $2.00 «jj
W pearl and carved | : RaVa^ D/HHer SoUd Gold Locketj !! of 6 ... . dWC \|^^P^^ P£ - bSa^k ii *& ffs Libert3r SiUc NeCk 52.50 B
Lrv nlr'n and tnfmntf'H rnn»n ' LJdV€lliCllM I/lUflCf and Chains — In i^^il| > Pure Irish Linen Handkerchiefs. . l^^^S^SS^t/ 1^! %<•' ••-•••••••:£« i^n^^r ' » KU "S ;•• \" •'-'.:." m kl' V «4K
K« XlThav^'par^oTTamffTd-:! Cp# c i Hearts and ote ; : hemstitched and embroidered Wmgt^M i flfe/fel " Jl.s»:i !^ bt " lr ; S ' lk Ntd J3.00 g
jg range from joe to $\u0084. 5 0. \u25a0t. »**£Bgg§&B± i^^JT^^F«^--i i. VV j offer a^SlliiS MP^l'lf'^^ 0 ? Al! of newest make. . g
AH c , . ;, f|g|if||K~:-"fS?^vjf : : 1" v: : 12^0, or 6 for C-i hn tractive of their kmd.ptaced on , b worth more th en > rUvteimnf "if-
iC /f^, Eastman's : \u25a0: > ~" ; : Pl.tU sale for _many a day. They corns ;. ,h, h ice $4.50 ; : K^nriSlUiaS J>i
JS &&*& Concentrated 3f*i£f > f r« r X ' »- y» "IJ ' : %vlth dark . B1^ c . n . back F OU ,' :We carry a complete line of these \u25a0»<•«••-\u25a0«••• v.^ «
g JP^ oSf i;^^r^*3a^. ... -sinofang/Seb,.- 1 M|£WW«|l|| |^isi^p^| |gE^SiS|I Groceries f
Perfumes ' There's*a bargain for you and we : .•• : \u25a0• 4^£g£2!Sb Handkerchiefs with colpred bor- ;! , terns are entirely, new. We men- : \u25a0~*j*j* r JJ~Z »v» v ; ••
'AX )< ni !; look for many early orders Mon- !; *b***^ • T^^\ ' : der, also plain, in boxes f T- ;!' tion some of the pieces which ; Cmmm~l,~ : is the time you will be think- }>
|5 iA >O\rVs9 :': ' day morning. The set is real Ba- !' [^ <; of 3 for IJL are priced very low: \JIITS WT the ing of putting in your stock of Jt
xit Q .J^^^Uv^ : varian China, with soft pink and I; (? *A X'W'M < Plain Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, ;! Salad Bovvls :.............. .53.00 ; ;, groceries for the Christmas ta-
54 VV s * b °Wp^^^nninnfe this ware compares favJraW? ! ! ! Jn fanCy bb ° X " ; 2 J" box JVt ! Cups and Saucers .....$1.50 amber inlaid gold, trimmings; in | come> M
ifjS ! set 100 Si f O iSZ ' < dcrs;6for , >*/t ,; Spoon Tray . $1.50 ! A full assortment of^P"CJO 00 i ; Tuesday '
W } pp u t up in neat bottles and packed p ieces . JR f i'J ; Quadruple Plate Smoking Sets- ;! ,: | Olive I^hes^ .V.;^T;V:y;.sioo;; i^^^l^^^^.^^^mim^Om best Eastern fOj/. JK
jQ in fancy reed baskets, which can \u0084 Specal.T * l^' i nf fnnr nieces cohsistinz of - . .; Celery Tray ...52.75, A real £.ngiisncnar ripe, extra sugar-cured, lb l&Yzt T§
I ss«gs||i ______ \u25a0 "i^^^^M^mSgsm:^M®^^^im.
M Fancy Baskets | Toilet Sets : • — v-v- ••••$'•" ;| tor AmaS |; WounfedßaclfandS/de Combs :| GeSine" Amber -'aS? Holder- 1: Rnw^-c^;;;';^;^"^/^
Iff *. - . iA , «1- ' . ! '; Tewel Case— ln Ormolu; 24 jkt. r : - '^w. ISI >fX^ '! \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;•\u25a0•:. :. : ..\\ '-:-.\u25a0./•>' :• .'--.\u25a0; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-'-:-.• f ! 14-karat rolled Kold-*-.--; packages ...... w »»
4flf Containing two bottles O { East- ; IiA.^AALajtA.^WvMWI ! %old plate, lined with: silk, knd !; Mt\Wk M #XV !; A; combination set, consisting of ; trimmings-.... $!•'-> ;-! oWSIo W5l imported s«r- 25 C Kfi
%S» man's Eau de Toilette, a splen- ; fP^^r^r^^^i}^l\ '! w a clock at- tfT OC '! ;! one pair of side combs, and a ( \u25a0...:..__;. ;\u25a0 ; , diaei-2 tins ••*?*> #••
fA did perfume, which is immensely ; |fiS^^^^S\ V fadied^ .". $3.^5 «! J^\K^l^ ! handsome, back 1 ; comb. They ; _j-... --—-"-;\u25a0;---':., ; Perfection size. 2 5 C 5g
Perfume Atomizer |\^^^^^^R\ !^^ r^^ll.(fe i! ||ll| Pl^^^^ IP^^^Sf^^S]!' Th ciga P r e s er ma°de ffke^we^SS ' °^^^®^ 2 V' nl * Oc g?
6- A very fine article made of Bo- i^^^fe'^^X ? Candle" Holders-Of quadruple l' TO^mv^S^S^^^i^^ I IWBfflll I h a , ful ! I>in( !i ° f a f U ?radeS a .°? P ° P ' '! I = 1 «H 9 2Sr
,SJ & i] t nozzle. Specially «r : „,_\u25a0-'\u25a0' .'\u25a0 . l| Candle Holders— ln. the Ormolu .;. , ,TO^ r^^^^^^^; I|^&^W9^^ flf^^^ ;'; ' A Humidor f dear moistened ! w™« w""««n»' ow HifWaad Qt SfJJ
M[ *Heed fl.tJ Comb, Brush and Mirror, in the < 24 kt. gold plate, handsomely ;, \u25a0 ' m^>^ !' lMlW™il i^^ '^ r • _T j> !' Scotch Whiskey— Bottfe .... +3C
55 nrirrA ... *>wC ' case,- like-cut "r igaa^ '!; sbmely engraved^v. :'•\u25a0- tf -f1:f 1 : I^C:! Reefers— Black silk, of extra'large ( ;.;;:':-;; ! ' "<sii ye r Hock white wine— Our regu- Ac.
#X Stm another' fancV class' Atomizer ! : • ••• J'*™ size; . both ; eild % hemstitched; stones-Turquoise, Ruby and! : MatchMWT^ ; ! lar 60c quality Special.
J8 wit? plain rubber bulb, ' ! ! : Nut Bowls-Of beautiful pressed m^ ng d ° ne - free Oi $1.00 Emerald; P ut u > in a«4 00 Sa f C -^^P^^ "'KS .. B ° H fT 75c §/
g» fancy burnished b0tt1e..... (<^^sa^ rr &^^^ 1^ Sountines P'' Si .75 \u25a0? F^cy 'silk, hand- : fancy: satin-lined ; ; Fj «» J m o^^^!^-^ f»
••1 Combination Box, containing a /S^STiT: I H » i - I ! '"\u25a0 ' 4'' l *li fTh'l7r»'-l.m\\ A ; mounn "ss .v.f * • * <* \u25a0;,. some i y mounted and put up in !;'. ! ~~- ;,, gray mi «geOS33ii /(&&>%¥ Duffy'- Medicinal -Halt wib- 7C r *£
i| n^s:%°^e ve or^i Mliii^^
£$ Trefle Soap, and one-ounce bot- ; -!; plate; satin finished; prettily en- > Gloves— Made . of Dogskin, and ;!> ing of one pair of side combs'! *c. m Wii^it^^^Jf ! Choice Cordial*— in fancy de- 7C r «Vl
'«& tie of Pivcrs' Le Trefle Sachet;; Heavy-weight sterhng_.siWer;v graved^ and- hned^with^iffe^^ , .canters; b0tt1e. ....... ..-••/ JQ " Uf
ft .." substantial present,^.^ Clothes Brahmth^^ _ \u0084; ;^sl,4fs" ; VQV Q ;?^^V^^'SSiSxS *
flt priced at ../ W»vw daisy pattern iJ/*/.VV ..................... *pi.VV J .. /...;........:.. ..;:....... J^DC 1 ......................... •P''?V J; Others. from $1.00 to $400. . ion.r. Special.- Dillon ..... **»?& JK
"THE SAN FRANCISCO CALr,: : SUNDAY; :DEGEMBER;-17, 1905;
6364
IT BROKE THE
PLAYER'S MONOPOLY
AUTOPIANOS SOLD BY EILERS MUSIC COM
PANY MAKE MUSICIANS OF ALL.
Scores of New Autopianos are Going Into the Best
California Homes and Scores of Good Pianos of
the Other Kind are Coming Back to Us in Ex
change—all to Be Closed out at; Your Own Price
on Payments of $4 or $5 or More a Month. % V
The old musician, with Ills fingers trained 'by twenty years of constant
practice, sits at the piano and plays from th"c operas and fugues and sonataa
of the world's greatest composers — plays- till you feel that his. very soul i"
slipping through his fingers into the k«y«. \ .'\ ! \!<: . is". J-
Then you sit at the same Instrument (which , looks exactly like any other)
and by simply pressing a lever, you start a "music "roll; fnaide, and", without
knowing a note, you play the came sonatas and melodies and operas that h«
played, and you play them quite as well. > '. •-' ' j ;r \ ""^ ." , '
For that is the Autopiano, and that is. what it -means." ' " -
Is It any wonder that a Paderewsky once eaid: "The power of music is no
longer a monopoly In the hands of a'few gifted musicians? Science has broken
our trust." r - ..„ - v -.....-.\u25a0 •
An Autopiano can be played by hand in the regular way, or automatically
•imply by the insertion of a music roll and. the pressing of a lever. The prices
are from $485 to $650, according to style and design.
PIANOS THAT HAVE COME BACK.
We, The Eilers Music Company, now located In our wholesale quarters at
514 Market Street, are the agents for the "Autopiano "and We have been urging
its sale. But almost every other Auto that was sold brought in to us In part
payment the piano that the family almost invariably had.
As a result, our.warerooms are crowded with used pianos — many of them
almost new — and we are obliged to throw them on the market for what they
will bring.
A FEW UPRIGHTS.
We have several Ludwig pianos, in very showy oak and mahogany. cases.
One we will sell for $156, another for |168, still another for $174 and a fourth
for $182. . i . . \ ;-' " "
We have an elegant Conover piano, in a fancy mahogany case, for $285; a
fancy carved walnut case Hamilton for $168, and another largest size Hamil
ton for SIS 2.
Two mahogany Starr upright* In good condition for $165 and $190; a
Needhain at the same price; a Stoddard, walnut case, $148; a G. O. Heine,
practically as good as new, for 5118, and an Overs & Pond In a swell mahog
any case for $184. • \u25a0 j
For $85 we can give you your choice of an old Weber, a large oak Ster
ling or a Bell & Co. And, furthermore, we'll give you that choice upon terms
of $5 cash and $4 a month.
J46 will give you a Bluhner, a Ms,ngott & Berndt or a Woodworth &
Scheil; upright; good to play on.
Pay. say $216, $10 down and $6 a month, and we'll give you an oak case
K-imbail, worth retail $526; or for the same price .we'll give you a $500 rose
wood Steinway or a $500 Knabe of the largest size. .; ,
We have a Chickering here, largest size, worth $600 new, that is marked
5368, and another smaller size for $260.
The Italian Grand Opera Company used Kimballs exclusively and left
seven beauties here, regular values $450 and $550. We offer these at"~XO per
cent and 50 per cent discount. Figure It out; and upon terms of as little as
$7 or $10 monthly. - t
Then there is a mahogany Hazelton, a splendid . $750 value,* for $485; a
dainty little Colonial A. B. Chase, in. mahogany, $165; a largest size mahogany
Emerson, $235; another in fancy walnut for $252, and still another in fancy
oak for $IS6; your choice of three Vose pianos, all practically new, prices
?194, $228 and $256; and many others.
DO NOT DELAY.
What must these prices mean to you who love to play, or 'who want your
children to learn! Do. not delay your coming. When bargains like these are
offered, there are always musical people enough who know prices well enough
to snap them up. Think of It! -You are still In time for a Christmas gift of a
piano to your own home. - • ;
HOW TO KIND US.
We are in our wholesale warerooms. you know, in the wholesale district,
at 514 Market. It is pretty far down, in the block below the Crocker building
and the Palace Hotel, but it Is worth the trip. We have the four floors up
stairs as temporary quarters until our new building is complete. Eilers Mu
sic Company, with a chain of nine stores qn the Pacific Slopar distributors for
Kimball, Decker. Hazelton and other fine pianos and pipe organs,* 614 Market
Street. ' ' *£$
SCOTTISH THIS.-LE CLUB
READY FOR ANNUAL FEAST
aiembers Will Make Merry at Lyric
Ifall on tfae Evening; of
December 30.
The members of the Scottish Thistle
Club will hold their twenty-fourth
grand annual hogmanay cupper and ball
at Lyric Hall, 121 Eddy street, on Sat
urday evening, the 30th inst. Elabor
ate preparations are now going on for
the affair, which promises to be the
most successful In the history of the
club.
Both the main and dining halls will
be elaborately decorated for the oc
casion and flrst-class music rendered.
The menu is to be the most elaborate
ever before attempted by |he- club.
During the supper a superb programme
of exercises will be presented. Royal
Chief George W. Paterson will pre
side. This will be his last appearance
in an official capacity, as he has decided
to retire from active duty. For the
past twenty-two years Royal Chief
Paterson has taken a most active part
in the affairs of the club. For ten
y*>ars he officiated as recorder and dur
ing the past two years was its royal
chief. During his Incumbency in office
the club has made much progress and
he will leave it in a most prosperous
condition. He feels that he has_ earned
a much needed rest and for tn"at rea
son has made up his mind to return to
the ranks, which the members of the
club much regret.
The affair Is In the jbands of the
games committee, which consists of
Royal Chief George . W. Paterson, Re
corder X. E. Carlisle, Treasurer George
"W.- Miller, Financial Secretary M. 8.
Morrison, William Crystal, Peter Rld-
NINTH AND MARKET STREETS
SAN FRANCISCO
An Opportunity for the Holiday Purchaser
ORIENTAL RUGS
Our Entire Stock at Unusual Reductions, ;
Thousands of Other .Splendid Veil- '- ".
ties Besides These Few Illustrations. . -
Caahmere, 2:8x7. regularly cold for $32, n0w. .......;. \u0084SI6JiO
Iran, 4xC:fc, regularly Bold for $76, n0w..... .$52.50
UazbemUuL, 3:8x8:8, regularly sold for $45, n0w..... «Z5.00
• mbitiw, 4:4xS:B, regularly sold for 140, n0w..... .525.00
MilrvuD, 3:8x5:9. regularly sold for $35, now. $i7.r.0
Da£l<rntan, 8:7x7, regularly, sold for $38, now ;.j. . .fSI.OO
Anaiolla, 3:6x5:2, regTilarly sold for $82, now ....«20.00
Sblrvsn, 2:9x6:8. regularly, sold : for $5/), now: .-.....'. ....525«%0
sr-rrband, 3:7x8:6, regfularly cold for- $100, n0w.. ..... ...$60.00
Milrac, 4:8x7:9, regularly sold for -$6O, now .832.00
Ssmaknnd, 4:4x2:11, regularly sold for $20, n0w. ...... ..$lO.OO
**bfrvao, 3:3x4:10, regularly sold for $20. now .'. .$12U50
Gblordea, 3:10x6:8, regularly sold for $35, n0w. ........: .$20.00
shfrai, 4:8x7:9, regularly .sold for $55, n0w... ...;.....
Kane, 4:4x6:8, regularly sold for $40, n0w..... ..$28.00
iinrndjrc, 3:11x7:1, regularly sold for $40, n0w......... .s23^o
MiJra*. 4:1x5:9, regularly sold for $65, now. :.$25.00
Kaiac, 4:8x7, regularly sold for $40, n0w........,.-..., $22.50 \u25a0
Caihmrrr, 8:2x10:10; regularly Bold for $125, n0w. . ..". ...$BO.OO
\ntlqtie Km Kelim. 4:10x9:9; regularly sold for $50,' now*.s23*.oo !
Antique Hapdad. 4:8x1)9:10, regularly sold for $35, now; . $21 00
KUJva. 6:8x9:5. regularly sold for $125, now. ;...... $65^0
Canhmtw, 7:3x10:11, regularly sold for $122. n0w. ..... ..$70.00
Antlaue Kex Krllm. 5:10x10:3. regularly sold for $42, now sis 00* •'•'
Sblrvnn, 3:3x4:10, regularly sold for $20. now. ...-:•... .T.-\SIoJSS '
Antique Peralan. 10:2x3:4, regularly s,old for $280. now.. $105.09 '"
Antique Kex Kelim.- s:lxS:6, regularly sold. for $30, now.. $10.50
Mail Orders Promptly Filled. . v
COMPLETB DISPLAYS OF FURMTURE. CARPETS AND DRAPERIES
ESTABLISHED IX SAX FRANCISCO 1850.
RATE OF POSTAGE
ON
THE CHRISTMAS CALL
Domestic ........ 6c v
Foreign lie
Domestic postage includes all
points in the United States,
Mexico, Canada, Hawaiian Isl-
ands, Philippine Islands, Porto
Rico and Guam.
Mail this sumptuous paper to
your friends in the East and
abroad.
die, William A. Dawson, Thomas
Christie and W. C Campbell. The fes
tivities of the evening will open with
a grand ball, commencing at 8:80
o'clock. The supper will be served at
10:30 o'clock. At midnight "A.Guid
New Tear" will be sung by all present
and the usual Scottish greetings ex
tended.
The price of tickets has been fixed at
$1 50 each. Same may •be procured of
the members at the hall on the even
ing of the affair.
Installing Block Signal System.
WICHITA, Kans., Dec. 16. — J. Der
mott, block signal foreman for the
Santa Fe, has begun the installation of
the block signal system on that road
from Newton to Arkansas City. This
move is Jn preparation of the line for
the California traffic of the Santa Fe
which will be diverted over the Pan
handle route and the Belin " ; cut-off
when the latter is completed.'
{THE'SANFRANGISGQ GALU, jDECEMBER >17, ;1905.
HURLED FROM
HIGH WINDOW
BY HUSBAND
Mrs. W. J. Kenney Declares
Spouse Attempted Murder
When She Refused His
Offers ' of Reconciliation
STILL TALKS, THOUGH *
JAW IS FRACTURED
Miraculously Escapes Death
in Fall of Five Stories
From the United States
Hotel to a Roof Below
/Last night W. . J. Kenney, a private
detective, called on his wife, from whom
he had been separated six months, in
an attempt to affect a reconciliation. The
reconciliation did not take place. In
stead, Mrs. Kenney, according to her ver
sion, "was pitched out of the sixth-story
•window of her room in the United States
Hotel at Sixth and Market streets, where
the fond interview, was taking place,' by
her insistent husband.- "•
It was 9 o'clock on Market street with
the Saturday night parade in full blast,
and the 'holiday crowds were treated to
the rather rare sight of; a whirling body
descending with cannon-ball speed'along
the facade of the building. The body was
picked up on the roof \u25a0of ; the Waflle
Kitchen,'. five whole floors from the win
dow through which it had come, and
•miraculously enough, it was found to be
full of life. Rushed to the Central Emer
gency Hospital Mrs. Kenney was dis
covered to be unhurt outside of a frac
tured Jaw and a^ broken arm. Mrs. Ken
ney was also found to be somewhat the
worse from liquor, which may explain
the extraordinary. safety of her flight.
The injuries of Mrs. Kenney were com
paratively so slight that she Vas willing,
nay, eager, to talk. She was not compli
mentary to her husband and ' was cate
gorical in her denunciations. She said
that she was £2 years old, that: she had
been married to W. J. Kenney a'.; year,'
and separated from lilm : for the last six
months. She had a room at the United
States Hotel, Sixth and Market, while
ho lived his solitary life at the Metro
politan Hotel on Third street '
Last night he called on her to affect a
reconciliation. A preliminary survey^ of
each other's grievances, begun merely
with the intention of finding a solution of
the question, drifted into a bitter reca
pitulation, then into mutual denunciation,
followed by bodily contact. "He grabbed
me by' the hair and the arm," said Mrs.
Kenney at her cot in. the hospital, "and
partly a pu|hed me,-? partjy^carried. me to
the window. ~Theri he grabbed me around
the waist and threw me out.. I didn't
know anything for a while and woke jup
in the ambulance." * ? .."'-'•\u25a0•\u25a0•
Kenney, the husband, who is accused
of this singular effort at peace-making,
was not found in the room from the win
dow of which Mrs. Kenney had plunged
to the street. Detective O'Day, at a late
hour last night, .was investigating the
case.
AGE PENSIONS
TO BE GRANTED
Special Dlspatcß" to' Ttit Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILD INO,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— As a result of
preliminary steps taken; to-day. Congress
may retire and . pension 'all civil service
employes over 70 years of age. President
Roosevelt's declaration in pension order
No. 78 that a man's usefulness is half over
at 62 and that he Is entitled to the maxi
mum pension at 70 is to be applied by the
Appropriations Committee' of the^ House
to the civil employes of the Government.
The President was asked by resolution
of the House to-day to inform that body
what number of civil" employes in all
branches of the Government are 70 years
old or over. This list will then be labeled
"The Civil Pension List of ,the Govern
ment," 'the product of the present civil
service system.
Tawney/ the- new, chairman .of the Ap
propriations Committee, brcjught the, reso
lution Into the House Just before adjourn
ment to-day and asked for r lts '-'lmmediate
consideration. . Iti reading .started a ; half
dozen" ; to ' their 'feet '<\u25a0 to inquire what"- was
meant. ' ' \u25a0 - v. . : .-. ; : \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 • v
"It - simply ' means, - replied Tawney,
"that .-. the. clvir service system 'seems to
"be an excellent "means of: getting lnto.th'e
Government service,' but that It also Is an
.effectual - preventive for \u25a0 ever becoming
separated • from \u25a0 ' the : Government - ' pay
roll.'" . .
Tawney explained that his committee,
in making up the legislative, executive
and Judicial appropriations j bill, ~ expected
to make a thorough examination; of this
subject. The President' had been ap
plied to for the ' reason that \u25a0he was a
civil service reformer, and was also in
, a position to \u25a0 obtain : the data , at the
earliest moment. "The information _ : he
gives \u25a0 will , be. followed by. further i Inquiry
as to .details, and tyie~ first* steps ; toward'
reform are tb^be 'taken. ' \\l;. \u0084._, ,
DISCUSS ESTABLISHMENT
OF COLLEGE \ SETTLEMENT
At ,the .Invitation 'of .the .Rev. D.
Charles Gardner,' chaplain of the Me
morial Church oorf r Stanford '.University,
a small number; of Stanford alumni met
at the > Occidental Hotel; last knight to
discuss the "advisability of ; founding a
Stanford J, College settlement ' In San
Francisco.;. \u25a0 ';'•;•"':\u25a0. '• ' ::': :'- } \u25a0:.\u25a0\u25a0 '." \u25a0'•\u25a0\u25a0
The , meetin g was tentative ; and was
merely to determine.- whether there was
among the: Stanford-, alumni; a^ feeling
toward such work. . ; Dr; Gardner led the
discussion. Interested, talks .were made
on- the subject" 1 of -settlement Lwork; by
Mrs. <Mary* Robert* Smith,'?- an Vex-pro
f essor at j Stanford and rat.; present i head
of : the South \ Park . Settlement;? byj: Miss
Wilson, i graduate, of ; the; University of
California ' andj; head -of "an > individual
settlemen t f ova girls ; \ by Arch i e> • Ricei ;
prominent alumnus ;of the; class ;of *'95;;
by i Miss : Goodhue X and *• Miss : Katheririe
Chandler, the? !• wrlter, >: both :?. Stanford
graduates; ;;by^s:;"W.% Collins/ k> 9s; by
Rev. : Cecil .Marrack, .the ,: cx r Stanford
debater, 'at V present* ; rector, 1 , of if; St.
Stephen's EpiscopaliChurch.- and ' toy] Dr."
Annie iG.f; Lyle, l graduate .'of Stanford,'
John*;, Hopkins f and i? Berlin; v • The } con
census iof * opinion seemed In v fayor. ; of
starting", the s alumni'. in;- some'; sort> of
settlement ; work, but » there was -fai; di
versity-of: opinion; as, to 1 the exact.char
aoteri It ; should \ take. . v Th ere J_wlll * prob
ably \u25a0 be \u25a0 another "» meeting- soon, f
HpSssSSSIS^i « Hundreds of Articles Suitable for Gifts at. Lowest. Prices p7^ T^^^/ |rgrf^s|*fsl 3
iPwMutif^fi^fS'M 1 BOOKCASE — Quartered oak, weathered; has rod for curtains; <j.r> err* '* \u25a0*" Q lEf U - ! SSa»®lt M
lF^^gff.4g~- J S I ample room for books. Price OOiOU 3 OT;7 ' BSlSmiSril li
lfa^?° sBS!^^|jf| ',' \ I PALM STAND — Made of quartered oak, weathered; has daco- <2^ 0 s * °"S?i) Wi&r '< ffifFmra 1 H
' jj^ DRESSING TABLE— BlrdseyV niapiet 'beveled " 'French" 'piate cqVk V\ 5 ml ! W \u25a0 i 1 ' 9
Isifliu^'jr^^^Si m gfi^' LADIES' DESK — Old Mission deslarn; quartered oak; weatli- <^Q €%CZ v ' e^S^h[ I h
wa /. PARLOR TABLE — Quartered oak, beautifully flaked; French <~» f €%SZ If ifi^Hjrsf ' BS^I^Q 11 R
IB mnffl*SwHßS £i'\u25a0'-'i '\u25a0'-' // ffi£l 'legs; rig-idly braced with shelf. Price t^^tm^tJ Q B J WBiJliSaw "M
. P** uu^iHuiiT^2" yM Mfflmff CORKER CHAIR — Quartered oak, weathered; leather seat. o=J OCJ mtsS^^Sk \Jr S^^^ravil Q
i^^*SBB3g^^i mfn */£//&![ TABOURBTTJEJ^OId Mission' designs' made' or' QuarVered 'oak; <I»Q 7g " ' H^^ilrJ^lil n
§ |i| f ' Ml . ROCraßß— "olid oak C ( °goiden'nnlsn;' 'banister' 'backj" shaped gg^yg WM^'W^f^** M
%MM CHl f&o L n!^e i^!!!^^ ilf^S/^^^fe^ I
O. \u25a0 ftfi'i^ZpPj V'>-|- MUSIC cabinet— Mahogany finish; ample room for music. C"^. os -M% fWi : '^^V^^t H
f^^^^P^^\J SIDEBOARD — Solid" oak,' golden 'fln'lsh'; beau'tifulVycarvid! "CIQ "7 g 'iktlf i|^ - |j
fJL. ' "* '"^^V A PRINCKSS DRESSKH — Solid' oak, ,Berpentine "top" drawer j"CI Q *7?X falfl 'uT^^^^^l^ H
IPf*~_= \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 rl"itl I] beveled plate mirror. Price vMilu Bg B 3 EBI \!?' \u25a0 iMi H
Kto^S^S^S^Si <27& M \u25a0 CORNER CHAIR — Made of polld oak, weathered; upholstered .CA ftft J * 11 * '»T" *^&> *1& i!
K^Ss^^^^Siß t\ \u25a0In Spanish leather. Price O^.OU il jl : W^zgs&g^g&l H
\}f^l^Sfy^%&^M J/ MISSIOX CHAIR — Quartered oak, weathered; leather seat Ces eyes ILf|^gsatifff*"' \u25a0 *tß.^ |^
if| i*ls^^|i * Is^^| w»p Jg^n^ l»i A REAL NET BONNE FEMME CURTAINS — One or two of a pattern; these J| '." ' , 'M— -" ' "Ji H
e^rm IAW^I Vf 1 " -yßh are new goods; regular price, $6.00 and $7.60; come in CQ 7R n hit 1 58 • » B
O W W Am Arabian and white; to close, each, while they last. «DO» t tJ H i . lil'll A
*ff *' W «/ COUCH COVER — 3 yards long; 60 In. wide; 4 patterns to se- CO Q^ < //W VAPwIK »• M
hEJ . - f- - / leot from; a regular $3.50 value. Special,- each "... **>\u25a0*•**& JM ¥1 \mw |i\ * 2** ~m H
•wi : ' "a if' .RELA.L LACE CURTAINS — Arabian color; braid Insertion! novelty. : pat- Ml \^ VrF «1 lO'^ hi
» ' JS i ,_terns; real French net; 4 st>les to select fromi a $5.00 jtQ Q^ ¥\ X23J^ ml H
'\u25a0'\u25a0 . m '\u25a0 \u25a0 jj "".L.'fi.Wjff^ PEERLESS BRUSSELS — Oriental BODY BRUSSELS— Choice design*, ffi jl ' M ti&nr™**! \ S.
•-';!' . 9 ' v and floral' designs; an excellent- , -both Oriental and floral; the II , -t'lt * >\u25a0:-\u25a0\u25a0 } »
-* ""^WMfc^ - , H- \u25a0 grade, with or with- Q*7l/ c standard of excellence for dura- , WAf^*^Ax^* n^ > " "T~" j £
*^'y \u25a0•\u25a0•."..\u25a0'•3*' \u0084 ; B out border. Per yard O*/2^ bllity and effect; with -or. with- JSuj2"fr\T^"'3r. i . "" J "^mX'fs ?
aaaaaTY^-^^^syC . . \ ; a WILTON* RUG — Oriental r designs; out border. Per CI. IQI/ #¥S^^^£s^O il S^2SS3 ; i F H
iPa - JJ^l^ - Bize 27x54 in.; fringed CO yard. ..... 1..... g » g ' £ '/2 IP^i'i^l ' iti — '~^\i b fi
KW J *-f Til both ends. Special, ea.. **'"•«"-* ALL-WOOL ART SQUARE— 6x9 ft.; 8 TW/ /\u25a0 I' Ll J
r — T'.-if ' ' fl ALL-AVOOL SMYRNA RUG — Size this Is an all-wool reversible In- H| . o^Lji $ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 t % M
\W\ \ in 80xG0 in.; choice paterns; effec- grain Rug; will give : splendid I* ja. JSJ m\ I iy*:\ \J y\
si» U tive colorings. Spe- ''Cf'-fi£V ' service.. Special, each jCjt OS S» ffii liil l"*3'^ SB5 l/ fj
*j2S \/>7f cial, each liO « •• •• ™'T*. % ?7 .' ' «J | 3. 2S \ U
- sßwr~ , • * . . MK^^srf^ff iiwwißßWfc sSBKSb^Ss ija ' b % % 5 V *wi 3 % t JjSsF rl
ALIEN SEAMEN
ADMIT PERJURY
U. S. Secret Service | Agent
Takes Away Naturalization
Papers From Impostors
Captain Charles Henry Cross, ' mastei
of the steamer Hazel Dollar, may posa
no longer as an American citiaen, • for< he
surrendered his naturalization | certificate
and his American seagoing license; yester
day to United States Secret Service Agent
Taylor after having sworn to
>an affidavit before .United. Btates Commis
sioner James" P. Brown [ that ho had j not
been entitled *to be naturalized.: Cross is
a native of England and arrived » here In
1893. He ; did not ' remain, however, but
\u25a0went to sea again and returned \ ln v May,
1904.- A day -or- two: later ! his ' brbth'er-ln
law,'Henry -W.. Hammond, and" his" moth
er-in-law, , Frances :M. .Hammond, took
him before the Superior .Court and swore
him •in as ja ' citizen.' He had never filed
his declaration of intention. ;•\u25a0• •
AlbinW; Forsburg, a; native .of Sweden,
also surrendered i f his : papers. >He was
born September, 8/. 1879, and came to this
country; in January, ; 1898. ? On [ October 19,
1900, he was . naturalized": by- Superior
Judge Carroll Cook, his ; witnesses being
E. C. Forrest and • John Pearson, who
swore that they had ; known '• him lln \u25a0 this
\u25a0 ;\u25a0: •:;;\u25a0. ''THE. y
CHRISTMAS
WOOIA
The. selection of one that wllfTprove
appropriate, ; enjoyable: andi acceptable
is v frequently aya v hard ; task for many of
us. Here's; the /solution:
is- a present \u25a0 that- will do- for almost
everybody/ and one that* is ; certainly,
good. .;') Coul d you make : a | happier : se-
! lection?. ; How" -would ; you": like it?
I , thc'I Golden^ Riile^ ;/ 1; .
!:' Apply, to- nearest dealer 1 of "i write :'to "
C."HrEVANS;&'SO!VS.~Establlsheda7S6.'
Brewery/and Bottllng>Works,"
_\u25a0'• .;.»\u25a0';•. : '; ; Hudson? n;':Y. ffjf L ;/.:
i SHERWOOD ! & ; SHERWOOD,: v
v = Selling: Agents 1 f orj Pacific lCoast, '\u25a0-;. -.
I San Francisco,' Portland, .LoajV Angeles..
"country for five years. . Forsburg secured
an - AJnerican mate's license from United
States Supervising Inspector Captain John
Bermingham, before whom he falsely
swore that he was^born In 1873 in order
to make himself . old enough to -hold j the
license, ',l. - " •• "
Carl Fridwnan, a Russian, born In 1878,
arrived here In IS9B. In the fall of 1599
the notorious Frank Johnson procured
fraudulent and forged j naturalization pa
pers j for '"-, him. Frldeman gave Johnson
$10 for his crime. -The skipper Is chief
ofßcer of I the National City. He surren
dered his papers.
Anton Svergaard, captain of the . San
Buenaventura, waii born in Norway on
March 15, 1577. He.was naturalized in the
Superior Court September 18, 1902, one
year and eight months after he arrived.
Gustave" Holmgren and O. Mogensen were
\u25a0 his v perjured wltness.es before ' Judge
Hebbard. His papers- were. taken up.
j Edward Peterson; first officer of .the
steamer Bee, was born in' Sweden In 1877
and was naturalized in the Superior Court
on October 7, \1901, as a, minor. He came
here ' In '; 1897. Oustave Holmgren and
Fred Christie were his witnesses. Hln pa
pers were canceled, including his Ameri
can mate's license.
Stanford's Chrlatnuia SchooL
. -In : lieu ; of the - old-time Christmas
tree which. Stanford Parlor of the Na
jtive Sons of the Golden West" has had
atyuletlde In , the" past~lt will this year
have ;-a;"Xmu8 1 Skulo" .In Its;'meet
ing place in ..the Native , Sons'.; building.
The notice to members Is that "You can
git ; \u25a0In f, only/ , by . f etching ' a drawln*
drawed by yourselph. .Any old kind, of
drawln' will be taken. Chuse your own
subjeo', , exheoute - it ' in .4. 4 eny ole way—
pensll,«pen,\ brush, "water- culler/ oil,
kerusene, 1 chalk, charkoal : or ;coal ; ef
: you ' know : any other ! way,; try ; let, ' « But
it must'be'a^icture drawed by yew.' A
more ' - or «• 1 es, more \u25a0> of •; course," lnkom^
peteht ; kommittee Jwlll : Judge ' the pick-;
tures and real prizes; no ' joshes of eny
kind will be awarded to those who don't
deserve' them."; ]'."--, .r-: r ..' "\u25a0\u25a0.-.;. ... :: \u25a0
v; This will be on next' Tuesday.night,. night,
and after, the Vexheeblshun" a "kommit
tee ; thatV knows \ will pass \u25a0 out " liber'l
Chrlstmus cheer; of all > sorts and see
that 3 the well '\u25a0; don't ' run "dry till the
hdur/of ; mldnite.",- The "skule'V Is .to be
cohducted\under the direction; of. A. F.
Schlelcher, P. -P. \ and; G.IF. \u25a0 M.; -Mathew
Albert Harris, Leo I^McMahan; Harry
A- Callahan, * Joseph • Greenberg. V. E.
Perry and Billy F. Dlxey, the "skule
board."" V .
HebrefT . A nioclatlon to 'Celebrate.
The ;Youi\g Mon's: Hebrew Assocla
tionfof*San Francisco will < celebrate tho
purchase of ;" the ;building s If 7 , now ' oc-,
cupies on; January 17., 1906, at' S p.; m . j
TheTcelebratlontwilh consist of literary,
excrciaes, 'in^ which" prominent ,speak«rs •
will i take fpart, ; ; and of an elaborate^
musical •prosrainme; The building: and |
the large gymnasium 'of thejassoclatlon
areTnpW' beings decorated {for the ? cele- j
bratlon. /. Thei association has grown !
rapidly; and its membership \u25a0" Increases i
steadily/;.;; ;,..;;;/ >';\u25a0 \u25a0
Fined For Stcnllnjj Hen*.
: ': t RED ; BLUFF, c Dec.*; 1 6.—T wo boy?,
;FrankiStover.and Roy Morton, were to
day . fined .t;"r. slo yeach; for steallnff
."chickens.-/, Four: other»'boy« ;are under
arrest \t or a'slmllar crime.*"
li«ctnre» Well Attended.
: Much Interest Is being shown In th»
lectures at the Academy *of Sciences
Hair by representatives of various
counties of the State, under the au
spices of the California' Promotion
Committee. During the last week l«00
people attended and investigation
showed that the major portion of these
were strangers visiting California.
Many Inquiries were made at the head
quarters of the Promotion, Committee
on New Montgomery street after the
lectures and much literature relating
to the counties represented was dis
tributed. The lectures will "continue
' v • Pxr&fvr A
i M \u25a0 . *-/ y \*Mjr /rl
JY ' CHRISTMAS g
TlOE^j * More People Want to Make r*"l
/ r^j * [Chximtmrnm Gifts of . aSTI
II Waterman's Ideal I j
11 Fountain Pen fij
because every year that passes proves it a more El II
g | satisfactory -Writing Instrument. People who £>| \%
Bra h see it in the hands of others say: * i§gj ij
HI ' "I wish I had one." This hint will be heard |^| M \
foiSK^ll - and taken . m ° re than ever this Christmas, es- M *
PIS)Jf pecially as our, stock of gift pens is more at-. >l
S^JH But the thing that counts is the pen that !$3 'd
fi^Wra writes and -writes and writes without halt or *£| |
flood till the ink is all gone. Furnished with %'M J
every known degree of pen nib and to suit |~^| |J
all styles of writing. j^l 3
The Ideal Clip Cap is a neat and permarent vj
i^^^l ornament, positively preventing yor.r Fen \^% I
from falling out of' any pocket. " Another ££$ |
NraSS P roof - of- the, worth of Waterman's Ideal is g£jj |
\u25a0KiflJ- the swarm of. imitators that would confnse our b^i |
B|^yja| - Pcns'illustrated on this sheet can be secured iw« i|
ISyviyi from the best dealer at San Francisco or vi- pgj| j|
lyflffymß cinity; if he cannot supply you write to our jjg|{j |
i^tf^ nearest depot. All leading stores carry full §|fij 'A
ffISSM L. £. Waterman Company, Wan j
f§t^ 138 loitcomuT It, Sai Ftueuco 173 Bnanni, Rw Toii j|w-
this week, with' several change* oi
pictures. Immediately after the be
ginning of the new year several othef—
counties will come In and hare leotoxV
er«i here. . v w
Asmla Preacat Taletlde Fenttvtil.
The Yuletlde festival written by Dr.
J. Wilson" Shiels was again presented
last night In the gymnasium of the
Olympic Club, by members of the or
ganization. It was well presented and
an Improvement was shown over tha
preceding night. Several solos were
rendered and drew applause from the
large audience.BERLIN OPERA
STAR A GIRL
FROM AMERICA
XK\V TORK GIRL WHO HAS BEEN
ENGAGED FOR READING ROLES
IN BERLIN OPERA
Miss Harriet Behne of
New York Wins
High Honors.
Ej?ecl&l Dispatch to Itie Can.
BERLIN. Dec. 16.— The highest sort
of a compliment lias just been paid to
an American girl by the severely criti
cal lords of opera in Berlin, who have
chosen Miss Harriet Behne of New York
as prltna donna for the new .Berlin
Opera Comlque, which will . open its
ooors to the public at^ the end of this
month*. •---> ••
The Coaiqne marks a departure in'
Berlin opera, which has' hitherto been
confined to works of the purely classic
and earnest type. The ' new home of
music, which occupies a commanding
position on the banks of the Spree, at
the northern end of . the Friedrichs
etra6se, will be deroted specially to
presenting- operatic novelties. The new
works of Italian, French and German
composers will be presented in it In
Germany for the first time.
The first night't attraction will be
Massenet's "Le Jongleur, de '\u25a0 Notre
Dame,' 1 to be followed by Leoncavallo'B
"La Boheme," for which the Italian
maPFtro wilt come to Berlin.
* Miss Behne has been engaged as the
new opera's leading contralto. She is
a pupil of Arthur Claasen, director of
the New York Liederkranz, and made
her first public appearance in America
at Carnegie Hall with Walter Dam
rosch. Later she toured the country
with Sousa.
Through the patronage of William
Steinway Miss Behne came to Europe
to perfect herself for, opera, and has
studied principally at Berlin with
Madame Ross and Reinhold Hermann.
For the past five years she has sung at
various municipal operas in German
cities, achieving .success at important
points like Magdeburg. Brunswick,
Breslau and Halle. Miss Eehtie has also
been heard at Covent Garden, London,
in the "Meistersinger." the "Walkuere"
and "Gotterdammerung."
She is blor.de, tall and erect, combin
ing a remarkably fine stage presence
with real dramatic talent. At the con
clusion of her new Berlin contract Miss
Behne will return to her native land
to devote the balance of her career to
Hinging before American audiences.
Laboucbere Is About to Retire.
LONDON. Dec. 16.— Henry Labou
ch»:re, the wcll-known'cditor and Liber
al member of Parliament for Northamp
ton, will not be a candicate for re
flection to Parliament at the coming
\u2666\u25a0iectlons. He gives advancing age as
the reason for his retirement. He first
entered Parliament forty years ago.
\>u*»*.iifla n Incident In ' Closed.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Friday, ' Dec. 15.
— President Castro having withdrawn
his note to M. Talgny, the French
Charge d'Affalrcs. which gave offense
to France, the diplomatic Incident is
closed.
There is a. department, store in Berlin
which uses 19.000 gallons of alcohol in a
year , as ' motive power for its delivery
wagons. 4
Dr. Humphreys 5 Seventy-
SeTen breaks up Grip and
A Fresh Cod often yields -to
"77" after the first dose. .
A Neglected Cold takes longer
but gives way \u25a0 before "77 "
eyentually n v'
A Stubborn Cold sometimes
seems to grow worse, but the
effect of "77" is cumulative and |
after a tussle the cold is broken
«p? : \u25a0 - #- ...; ; •; ';;
tS'Abookon Dr. Humphreys'
• System of Cure mailed free.
' Uumpfcrrye* Homeo. Medicine Co., Cor. TV'il-
liMta. «ad Joth gtreeta, New York.
sS^^ *^^^f or an vjvercoaz a sfooci, sensioie \>nriszTnas §ift • r^Sc
%m The well dressed men of the city declare our overcoats and suits to be wm
H the best investment tfo \ Then doesn't it^^^s to reason that |jl
l|| the average man will be pleased with them? *
(#i Whatever is good enough for a good man is good enough for his Ilk
4M fellows. A man, buying a suit or an overcoat, holds a check on the money fc^
4fe| he spends. Therefore, if you give him a little better garment than he would Hk
mm buy for himself, can't, you see, can't y^ appreciation he ©p
'$m mend it warmly, sincerely and conscientiously. v • pm
WM Tell us his size and we will do the rest. '"' ' . - ||jj
« iiandsome Suits— new cut, new patterns, - - 51 2.50 to 835.00 .... . IfL
v/vefGoatsr-hew leh^ths, n^w^ ihbclels, 012.50 to oTrO;00 \u25a0 JIIP
fc I*p 1 £*.O\J C^Uj&J Authorities On fashions* j Blue Serge Suit i Wk
ROUVIER STATES
FRENCH POLICY
Premier Announces Groveni
nient's Position on the
Quarrel Over Morocco
- . . . .. >
PARIS, Dec ; 16.— The Chamber of Dep
uties was crowded in 'expectation
of a debate^on ,the 7 Government's 'foreign
policies. Intense' interest was manifested
in \u25a0 the formal declaration J from j Premier*
Rouvler " concerning 'Morocco. fol-,
lowing Chancellor, von* Bulow's statement
In, the. German Reichstag, Is in the nature
of an answer and an announcement of the
Government's position. v-'. .'\u25a0;'.. *v
\u25a0 Rouvier's declaration proved -.very ; mod
erate. ' : ; He ...concisely,* explained ?• the de
sires of France'in Morocco,*saylng:^.j: ! -- J
"The propositions \ of i; our.;: Minister to
Morocco ; never i toward itheTestabK
lishment of a situation similar to that ex-
THE; SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY; 'DECEMBER, 17, 1905.
isting in . Tunis. \ He "never /invoked . the
mandate of , .the powers and, we never
dreamed r of attacking ; the i Sultan's f sover-,
eignty. 5! It* is '„ our; specials position J, which
we maintained^ and iwhich I now/, will \be
presented at the^ conference. lThis^ls.based
upon the"', geQgraphlckl 7of l AI-*
giers - and -.. France/^\W e^ desil ! c I a l - liberal
regime in^ Morocco^ assuring^ equal y treaty
ment . for all po wers: ,S France merely
wishes '; to v conscientiously^ safeguard J her
rights and: retain full of . her" lib
erty.".. v--\u25a0"'"/v --\u25a0"'"/ '\u25a0' '\u25a0.
The Premier's declaration .was.enthu
siastically/received/,,^ '?':':' i/ : \u25a0
\u2666Former Premier Ribo, leader; of ; the Op
position, Ydeclared{that i in I l^pai'tlf.'»ishrt;^
unite', in' sustaining ; the, Gdverriment, ' • and
thereupon , furthl-r JjdiscubsiUa:; 4 .. /.i'^./.^J-;
poned l by \theldeclslve\voteTof | MO/to 5 50,'
.which % wasl iriterpreted'^as "being/parliaf
mdlßtarV; approval' of jßouvler's statement."
. '.; ROME; Dec. - 16.— The French . Em
bassador, M. .Barrere, 'who, has returned
•here" f rom'-Paris/jLwhere '% heljvaslcalledj
\ inf, connection with \u25a0 the | Moroccan 'fcoii''^
f erence,"; has 'if}, had it several £j Interviews
with!; Foreign^ MinlßterSTlttonl^aalthe
; internal : situation ia ) riot \ «o "\u25a0 reassuring
:as"expected.^Thls|ls|due\to|theSfact l
, that,"} while f France andj Germany have'
agreed on, the quegtlonsito be discussed
at;the'MoroccahXconference,tnoFagree
ment •ha a b een reached 'about 1 man?
ner ; of ; solvingithe |;dlfHcultles.^^ Cohse-'
quently, ; all \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 kinds \u25a0- of ; "surprises Si? and
complications niayj arise -while the^con
ferencesls'going on,'j especially/ as- Ger^
rnany,^; has S been .; most S cautious * not 'Z to"
allow j any thing,'; toy transpire 1 : her
intentions^ onvthe ; questions ; of /capital
importance;:/.;/';- ;} - ..l' : l 'V>,*.y~ : ?-; :-'{l-..
/TheVopinion is expressed here that
the -future^or Morocco; should ibeTchlefly
'a^ Mediterranean ?question^-thati Is -to
say.l'one^which' is interest
to f,f the.' > Mcd I ter rah can |^ po wers/^The
Moroccan^conference^is | thuaf assuming
the ? importance^ as 1 destined", to
be{to?a|cert'aln|degTee3aibattlefleldfbn'
which Jwill|beJestablisHedUhe } question
of .'supremacy/of the powers^ In ! Europ*."
ON,
. \u25a0.'..-.y;.'v-*.6«i '•'\u25a0*:\u25a0
; r i : .Foreign> .;...'.. .:11c . " \u25a0
, ; Domestic postage includes all
in thieEUhited® States;?
Canada,*! Hawaiian 1 Jil-i
vahdsjl PhUippine \u25a0\u25a0 Islandsr>Porto
fßico ?and': Guarri^:^
: c vyMail this sumptuous t pajperjto f
*y our^ friends':-! in i the 2 East ; and i
abroad. '\ ' ' .
In- this 'struggle >Frarice: will be^backed
by /Great'ißri tain *andvj Russia,. awhile
Germany.iwiirf be- supported * by/Austria;'
thus jleavingl the *UnitediStates,^ though
dlrectly^interested^ihJafpositloh.toiex^
erclse;herlweight\andjinfluence,%=whlch
mayjbe;deciBiveifslnce?^paln: ; will;mere-'
lyj ; endeavor^ to-protect'herlownSlnter
estsj; in f Morocco.fwhile jltaly, ;\u25a0 hotwlth
stand Ing | her : i. good f intentions.^ is j; ham
peredjbyibolngrajmember/ofi the
alliance and Rlso.by^the if act;that "shells
the -traditional i frlendj of -Great; Britain.
PRIXCB JEITfil, ; 3« AY, TAKE .
X v- ; TKRO!iB3IOP.^BRUarSWICK
Belle Te d- That the Present ,;\u25a0 Ruler '; Will
Give Place U> tlie Kaiser's
•*\u25a0:}> V-'i '.'?\u25a0\u25a0. Soli. i;:;;/;V ; ' r^,i"- •
\u25a0 v BERLIN, V , Dec.':, ir 16.'^The \u25a0 • unexpected
.visit if of 1 Emperor >Wllliain to Brunswick,
.capital ?. of % the Trj dtichy^fof n Bruhsw|ckr^ to
confer^withf the "JrfirentfS Prince ?Albrecht
end I the » secret visit *|of^ the |Grand tl>uke
of £ Oldenberir, i father : ,*, of /'the t- flancoa of
Princel Eitel second sL"son
of j Emperor VWilliftni^tb ithe fsamelcapltal,'
haveSgiven irise^tfteF,Tageblatt?sayB7? -to 1
the] belief f Emperor's \ plan^llstto" 1
hayeS Ertnce t Eltel p> take % the £ throne uot
Brunswick,*,^ Prince % Albrecht ?, resigning." *
\u25a0\u25a0' \ Ul.. H..ln<v> (nll.ir« f,*w . fitmlm '
\u25a0^.CONSTANTINOPLE^Dec. 16:— Barton
Hall,: the tAmerican- College for;: Girls.
in 'the v suburbs .of Scuetari, was prac
tically destroyed? by a . fire last hight.
The students.v.includlng a* number of
r ; A ..'•HAIR'S AVER", that growi to popularity..
<3tOINCxI CrpiNG-il eONEIU
HE i NEEDS ?A*i GUARDIAN i r»oM sim«m took *ncr w»: ai am »i^i *t
T>e business man who Is too busy jto | look | After I 1 4an4roff— whl<b It \u25a0 con v jlous (Us**!*-?!* w-
h& health and personal contort needs • g u»Ml*n. bro't NtrpicM* sho«l4 b« u*ed- It cur ts d«nd \u25a0
vTo notlct dandruff and fallint half ls»b«aMt& mS an 4 stopt tamo* hair by destroy in t*•
Ms Idea of business f • L«ttr wb«n liwurakU &aM> , ««ndra« f*rm . - A ittlf htfui lulr J dr«salng .
ness comes he will wasl* money trying to ?»•»-? *STOPS ITCHINC INSTANTIY." . .- . *- -
V ADreg Kirev $1.00. Snl lOc Jtaapa. 1» HEBMCIQE W. Ufti 8. DetraiT, »W, for i tMpir
NEWBHO'S HERPICIDE
|^WlOTAl?w^'^to{^&^
At L«A<linK Drnaf stiwM^ajf S^t >re»>l J^f^>yp^^tt?lUedfcys"ST»ssis1 1
jg|y^^«( ; |1.00. AspUcatlooa at wromlxient Barber Shop*. ]
boarders, were in bed when the flame*
were discovered. All the Inmates wert
6566
SAMUELS'LAGE HOl^E
Announces Exceptional Attractions.for
Neckwear
Lace and Chiffon Jabots. 50e. 6Oc. Ttic. SI.OO «acK f
Hand-made Princess Jabota. 75c and SI.OO each.
Shopping Bags
Fitted. 51.25. 51.50. 52.00 upward.
(Leather. Jeweled, Gold and Silver) 5©C. T5c.81.00 and upward
Feather Boas
SB.OO. 812.50. 515.00. 51T.50 upward. '
Jeweled Hair Ornaments
Umbrellas
Men._ Women and Children, In Bilk, 92.50. 93.00. 83.50. #5.00.
Silk Petticoats
Petticoats which wear, at 84. 00, 55.00, 56.00 upward.
Wrappers and Matinees
Fancy Kimonos. 81.00. SI. SO upward.
Long Wrappers, 52.00. 83.50 upward.
611k and Lare Matinees. 85.00, 56.50. $7.50 upward.
Hosiery
By the box at special prices, SI.OO, box of 5; 51. 40. box of 6;
51. 75, box of 6, upward.
Gloves
Well-known "Lace HoTise" t-clup Pique will be 55.75 per box of
Honeycomb Wool, SI.OO. 51 .25. 51 .50 upward.
Bilk Crochet, SI.OO. SI .50. 52.00 upward.
Cashmere. 51.50. 52.00 upward.
Lace Bed Sets
Double Bed Nottingham, $1*25. 52. 00 upwarfi.
Irish Point, 53.00. 53. 75, 54.50 to 87.50 upward.
Real Arabian Ruffled, £4.50. 55.50. 56.50. 57.50 upward. ,
Table Covers
yVclour, 82.50, 53.50 to 55.00 upward. ' '
Traveling Shawls
Heavy Scotch Woolen. 85.00, 56.50. 57.50 upward. -
Silk and Satin Comfortables .
Wool and Eiderdown filled, 512.50. $15.00. 817.50 to 825.00.
California Woolen Blankets
S4)00. 54.50. 55.00. 55.50 to 525.00 pair.
Handkerchiefs .
For Men. W,omen and Children, pure Linen, hand-embroidered,.
Initial Handkerchiefs. 12Hc. 15c. 25c upward.
Fancy Embroidered Handkerchiefs, lOc. 12%e. -15c, 25c up-
ward.
\ Eoxes of Initial Handkerchiefs, pure Linen, 81.50 box, 52.00
box, $2.75 box upward.
Real Lace Handkerchiefs
81.50. 52.00. 52.50 upward.
82.00. 52.50. 83.00 upward.
75c. SI.OO. 81. 50. 82.50 upward.
Merchandise Orders redeemable In any department at any time.
JUSTICE OVERTAKES
RED BLUFF FORGER
Tried and Convicted After
Being Fugitive for
Four Years.
RED BLUFF, Dec. 16.— The trjal of C. O.
Fletcher, charged with forgery, which has
occupied the greater part of the past two
days, was finished this morning and given
to the Jury. A verdict of guilty was
found. The crime for which Fletcher was
tried occurred four years ago. During
most of this time Fletcher was a fugitive
from justice, going hither and thither to
elude the detectives, who followed him
through several States.^, Once he 'was ar
rested in Oregon, but was able to escape
on a legal technicality, only to be fol
lowed more relentlessly than ever until
his arrest a few months ago. Fletcher,
sold a number of vehicles In this county
for an Eastern firm. 'He gave receipts In
full for the money paid him and then
sent" In to his employers notes alleged to
be signed by the purchasers.
KJr.g Leopold of Belgium Is described as
being a man of extraordinary' physique,
widely read and traveled, and holding ad
vanced liberal views In all matters per
tnir.lns to statecraft and social science.
:UVA\\\\\\\wv •\u25a0Y/MtmfMfr^^*^ • I UUU \u0084DEAB6nMi:-Some years ajro tar
•\u25a0•.UmWVwnV •\u25a0."• \%^%^**^ - h«lr commenced to come ont «nd Jn
'- '™\\\\A^TlV • • Uort tluio I got «o bald Ibat Iw«
K*™«OT if - this Photograph and testlnKV.SSfS^.M.WlK^SS.ffi 1
«Sf re »?* a^ lrtcly genuine sx&^^'s^a^htrr
> -wK*^' and Unsolicited. Btoppedtaltinirout. Inmnoronmy
• l -'O\vv^iSsi^ This is nroof nn«itivi» that {ourtHbotUoiindtuvhalriittbeiires-
-V*S«\JCtt*^ r» * \rnr<n »%»•-» • - *.« - — .- . • •"• »1IB« 18 OTer DW • lOCDrB IOaC.
"•\u25a0 V <s^ uASi UtRIN S IS the greatest plo««y and cnrly. wuere It was dead ;
hairaad l*xl ? invigorating rmdy^W^^w^Sl'^^S^i
nc»: rwv raa rat \u25a0 the world has ever known. creetiy annoyed me. l cannot »p«uk-
H_ Kjß K_T f^ Vnrt f*nn em f n v/M,r A^rrrrl^ ««,1 — - .* . }°° h "rt>ly of Tour Daoderlne, wtfh-
M^ IiSS VSL J'^^EOtoyourdruffputandgeta lag you untimfted kucc«»». I remain,
\u25a0 ? BKttißß bottle for 25c. which will be enouch to r«»art T*rj rotpactfuiir.
satirfy^oa that it will produce hair, and Ao H quickly, or ' ' ; • ' F *P MoAI>AIOI>
aend thi« ADVERTISEMENT, to o» with ten cents la stamps «r silver to pay poatage,
and we will send you a large sample by return maiL^- The samples we gfre are large
«noagh to prodnce beneficial results, in many cases being eridughlto* stop) bad cases
of hair falling andstart thehairtogrowing attain. NOW on sale atalldraggistsi-three'
wts, 25c, 50c. $ 1 .00 per bottle.. KKOWLTON DANDEEINE CO.; Chicago.
KIDNAPING CHAEaE
DISMISSED BY JUDGE
Court Finds That Petaluma
Woman Did Not Abduct
Her Ghild.
Eseclal Dlasatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 16.-The charge of
abduction preferred against Mrs. Jennie
Evans of Petaluma. by her. former hus
band. W. E. Benjamin of this city. . was
dismissed by Justice Atchinson to-day.
The case has been pending: since the pre
liminary examination last week, when it
was shown that the child's father knew
that she had written her mother to come
to" school and take her away.on a certain
day. The child testified that her father
had told her to tell her mother to take" a
certain road back to Petaluma, as he in
tended'to be there. with hls'gun. Under
the circumstances the court found ' that
there was no Intent, bo dismissed; the
charge. ; Mrs. Evans has . instituted, pro
ceedings to have V her : decree '.of divorce
modified so as to give , her ! possession of
the daughter, claiming that the father is
not a proper person to have her.
Many a man* who professes to love , his
enemies . more . than balances/ the account
by hating his friends. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. ; . SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17. 19051
REPLICA OF FAMOUS
CHURCH FOR HUB.
Boston May. - ' /Use : Edifice in English
Namesake for a Model.
FAMOUS CHURCH" IN CITY IN GREAT BRITAIN FROM WHICH BOSTON RE
CEIVED ITS NAME AND WHICH WILL BE USED AS A' MODEL FOR A
CATHEDRAL IN THE HUB. - .. - \u0084 :=; '7 : U
Etieclal Dlsxwitch to Th« Call.
LONDON, Dec. 1 \u25a0 16.— Boston folk, the
people who dwell \u25a0 In the drowsy little
English Boston, in Lincolnshire.' are
greatly pleased by the tidings .that
their parish church of"SE~Bstblph may
serve" as a" m'oder f or ' the"pr6jected ca
thedral to' be erected -fin -the American
Boston. The two things they are
proudest ; of ! _are 'their old 'church /and
their maternal relationship to their big
Maßßachusetts* '\u25a0'\u25a0, namesake established
by their Puritan -ancestors.; .. .
The • Rev. George Wolf e Shlnn. from
the latter place, has: been visiting , the
Lincolnshire town recently, to get some
idea how a modern St. "Botolph; would
look at the "Hub of the Universe." If
he is at all susceptible' to flattery he
will certainly take back with him a
favorable report. ;' .; • , *
St. Botolph's is a , particularly fine
specimen of old ecclesiastical architec
ture. It measures', 283 by 99 feet and
is one of the largest churches; without
transepts in all England. Its most im
posing ; feature is \u25a0\u25a0 the which
rises to : a .helghtr of -\u25a0 263 ; feet and 'dom
inates the landscape j f or. r miles 'around I
It terminates in 7, an "octagonal*. lantern
and was ;- doubtless * Intended f by the
builders to serve , as/ a- llghthoupe by
land and sea as well as a 'ca,mpanile.
The country .folk : have affectionately
dubbed It "The Stump.". . - - "- • '? '
The founder's : chapel '.is in- the early
decorated' style of Edward-II (1307), Awhile
the have, aisles and western part of • the
SIGSBEE READY
FOR THE CRUISE
Sailing Orders Now Being
Prepared H/f or Portion ; of
the North .Atlantic r Fleet
WASHINGTON,* Dec. IS.-^Saillng, orders
are t now in preparation for the third _*dl- r
vision *of -'the second : squadron v : of : the
North Atlantic : fleet, which,; lri - command
of Rear^; Admiral j Charles . D. : SJgsbee, ' s is
about- to'T sail;, from .': TonipklnsvUle on: a
long cruise 7 In foreign waters. ;. The squad
ron has ".been .readyXfor-.seaf for \ several
weeks, \u25babut its departure, lias; been- delayed
because l of .c.. c . the fdisorder> In "the
part - of -Russia V: and f". the ; .*\u25a0 international
naval'; demonstration 'Ja> Turkish j waters;
the 'I governmentr: it }. is •>, stated.'Ewishiri'g
to* avoid any/moyeithat* might *be iintei>'
preted fas; affecting situation. * The
State ; Department \u25a0: now; regards \ the "\u25a0, Medi-^
terranean "" situation Jas %. warranting ; the
appearance- of < the /American in
a" f rlendly/cruise. ,t; It! has \ been '\u25a0 ; more ; than
a' year since ja * division of » battleships,*; In
command of ! Rear lAdmlral ; A;*, S.'< Barker/
cruised ; In .the j Medlterraneah.fandllt v was
decided last Bummer, that the flag- should
be known 4 there? at; the I' first
by a squadronipf i cruisers. *" \u25a0 '\u25a0-'}. "• ' ' \u25a0
;\u25a0 Besides I the? armored X cruiser '.• Brooklyn,"
'Admiral I Slgsbee's \u25a0 flagship/i the ] squadron
consists 'of ' : the j protected | cruisers S Chat
tanooga,^ Command er>f Alexander" Sharp;
Galveston;"; Commander nWilliamVG^ Cut
ler, ; 'and iTacoma;;CominanderJ Reginald
\u25a0F.I Nlcholsom ?Af ter, a r ; cruise] In the < Medl
terraneanXand '.visits . to a~ number," of; ports
the^'squadron' will } pass j through I the j Suez
canal \ and \ will \ th'enj separate,^ the I Chat- 1 i
tanooga i and % Galvestqn ji taking g leave lof
theflagship^arid: golngi to}, the ' Asiatic sta^,
tlon; f I -W t lth'l the >" Brooklyn? and f Tacoma
Admiral - k Sigsbeeis will ! continue j, his Tcruise
down > th*e jeast Ccoast | of revisiting
\u25a0 various rports,\roundlngtthelCape; of ;Gb6d
Hope' r and * crossing I to ;' the (east •: coast Vof
South • America, visiting the i larger' ports
.there.:-';^,%:"v-''./;.C'V?--\5-^X;:.-:- :^ v ;.^-';-
/Admiral SigsbeeTwlllv return to ' -home
waters ; in 1 the i late * spring i or/ early > sum
mer^of J next Jyear.^when f. he C. will be Vde~"
tached* and ordered -ashore.*/; v;.' .'\u25a0.." - .;/"'
Chienco'i New; Postmaster.
- • WA SHINJiTON.^Dec.':' ? 16.^-Presldent
Roosevelt' tojday^sent"to]the' Senate' the
nomln'atlonTof jl<?red • Bussey : to \u25a0 be; post-*
master of I ©. \u0084
chancel^are of a somewhat later period.
The :: restoration , of. the .church was be
gun in ' 1543/ the work lasting: ten years,"
and,' costing $50,000. .;
St: Botolph's . 1b closely linked : with the '
daughter city by; the memory'of the \la.-:
mous 'John .Cotton. He was ::\u25a0 Its j vicar
for .unward lof "twenty years ; before, mi
1633,\jhe .fled: across the; Atlantic to the
American "Boston." to ' escape \ persecution'
for | his views, and there, as -is ; well .
known, \he j preached until ' his death near**
ly twenty yjara jlater. ., St.i ßotolph's 'con^l
tains.a chapel : to |hi 8 ; memory?, for lwhich:
the "Hub*; [the money. -: * \u25a0''.
•The - name* Boston ; is* a "\u25a0contraction ;fof
"Botolph's town,", /and ', it ,' is ; ; commonly
supposed i toi occupy : the site of the Bene
dictine 'AbbeyjfoundedibyVSt.^Botolph in
654 and destroyed :. by the in 870. V
Ocean Shore IlatlWay.
The Ocean Shore-Railway. Company
first announced its j intention "•\u25a0 to connect
San "Francisco arid Santa Cruz [with an
electric ;line ; last May and! many: people
expresed ; doubts >that such fa 1 , vast un
dertakingi would' bercompleted.;", v
.';• : When the personnel 'of | the -director
ate becameknown airdoubf of tne suc
cess of - the ; enterprise ft vanished. - ,The
directors^ and' officers, of the i company
are : W. E. Dean, presiden t ; *;*J. Downey
Harvey,- first vice president; c Alfred : D.
Bo wen, second : vice r president \ and ? gen
eral, manager; Burkef Corbet; 'secretary
and. treasurer; directors, -Charles; Webb
Howard, Charles C.' Moore'; and 'b.
Carpy. . When ,; men j of : their standing
\u25a0undertake." anything .there can: be i : but
one * result,; an unqualified success. '- -T-'
'. It remained for .California capital/to
.branch^out ; and '-develop la . rich -and
beautiful: ; section i^of"; the \ State "which
had'heretof ore ; been^ neglected ."or over
vjooked.v, A ; trip ;along -ahe t coast from'
ban h rancisco to Santa Cruz | will i con
.vince any one of the > wisdom jof :thls
great undertaking, j .The "- entire V. route
fairly,; teems-:- with 4beautiful:.townsltes :
and in two -years iwe.willsee : suburban'
homes sprlnging^upj mi every
for it^willbeiposslbleiforj people \ who
desire to \u25a0 live; out of ; town ; to reach their
work • in : reasonable': time. :\u25a0% The center
of.- attraction; at'. present is the proposed ;
} town.of Balboa;iwhictr ls, being laid'out
j by < the celebrated architect,; D.i H.: Burn
i.hamiof, Chicago/ who ; was; recently ?en
guged to r draw' plans ;' for :- theibeautlfy
ingof San: Francisco.' < : ;i ;, - .
•/At : this ; point \ the ; Shore Line Invest-?
;ment Company," proposes '• to - spend - up
ward iof \u25a0: $750,000.00 ; In > resorts - - of.* every
,descriptlon/Lwhich"in^additlon!'to % the
•superb \u25a0;-; bathing, -:, beach - . will' ''attract
ithousands every day/ and' will -be to the
Pacific i Coastj what * Coney r lsland" is ? to
:the Atlantic.;; -:\u25a0 \u25a0->!..;•,>,,•.;;,- \u25a0>:\u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ;. :r , -
;". . The application, of , the "Shore: Line for
a franchise ithrough" the 'city • «to
-.Twelfth* and* Market.- streets -allays; the
jfears , of^manyvwho;? disliked .the idea 1
of ; being .obliged) toUraveljon a street
,car f to Armyj and.; lllinois; streets,- where
; the i yards t and? freight j terminal iwlll be
located.**.- A? passenger depot 't located s'on"
: Twel fth istreet % will sbe ? a ,v great V con
jvenience.: to sthei public jand >the "Superb
.visors} have 'already? reported^ favorably
onUhe^ franchise ?asked .for.'- ; . t .
ferA"j vast I amount *of icqnstructlonlma-3
Aerial Ms ', being- received ) daily \u25a0' at ; Santa'
Cruz , and ',,- Ocean t Viefw/i'and a \u25a0"» grading,
jtracklaying, tetc.^' is." progressing,: at s a
rapid' rate. T-The <.; entire : road '^will'- be
; doublertracked •-iwith'^. 70-pound ., steel
i rails iwhich> will ->: eliminates the "^' many
annoying, delays:incidental\to. the meet
ing. and; passing r- of Scars' on a? single
: track" road. :\u25a0;•>* \u25a0.-".; .-- : \u25a0 .:",. n ' \u0084:. • ;\u25a0• :.:•\u25a0..
Vt Forty- commodious passenger cars are
now.^being; built ribyi-W/vK *Holmanv'&
Company ,t of | this : ; .i city 4 on ' latest ;.; and
most i improved ; plans,* and ' under j the di
rect^lnspectlon.of 'an ;e"xpert-represent
ing^ the srailroad^rEach-cariwill^ have
a-; separate % smoking?,and*.'ladies'.*;com
partment,"; both [;\u25a0 havingAT. lavatories *', as
: well 1 as ' space ! f or . baggrage,! and \will jbe
equipped yvvith.-: four, 125-horse ;;', power
motors vgearedK to: maintain* a-r speed 'of
,70smIles£per:hour.Wv^: -;.:.:>; v:
fe:iThe I road -.will -be • operated 'under ; the
standard'*: rules .j'in' effect^ on« all V large
Meam "| systems i'and^'alU' employes { wih
[be^requiredStoVpassjajsatisfactorySex
amination L r of a these g rules •?. before % they
vwill3befipeTmitted?to»takeTchargelof|av will3befipeTmitted?to»takeTchargeIof|a
car.ieitherjaslmotormanfror! conductor.
Every i safeguard*. possibleßwilllbe :em
ployed i \u% protecting << the » movements of
xarsfandiit^isstheigintention'Ofiiithe
r Ocean 5 Shore -•< officials \ to m Install j auto
rmaticjblock*; signals which
istand' at^ danger « whenjone ?cari;follow
i ing * another ' gets j closer Ethan ?onel mile
,to i the : cari ahead.'^ and \ under i ar
rangement % rear^ end % accidents ,\will * be
practically impossible. ' ::-; ; ; .„ /^
- Santa' Cru?s?has already; felt I the? effect
of S this SnewJ enterprise,* and 3>with£ the
frequent; servlce\whlch sis s assured,-! this
; popular .1 resorUis destined^ to fgrowj be
yond the expectations of even the most
. sanguine.' ft The } public 5 anxlouslyj awai ta
the announcement that'the Ocean 'Shore
Railway Is J readyjf or s business." r ' ; '^
fc'TmSSa dnstmas Gifts
I ' I^Hit llM^:::: SJ-88 'MSiMmlBiH
f W^ w^&M^w r^ ssion Clock •• • • $27.50 W^xM^Sml^W ?
J IMmWW^ Shaving Stand, Desk -and Ccllarette.. kf^MMZ%^M %
% )\ : " : 'l'%xt? 1 '|f -French Toilet Mirror. $30.00 B •
Jf B ? [%.^j.^ t m " Music" Cabinet $ 14.50 /ffi/fi/f/jixN v\ \
11 \u25a0 ''w ''Mission Rocker with loose leather tfilßilVi M ll
3 -"fir cushion. v..... ....... $14.50 JMff ¥////// R - 1 ll
8 : Ijh • Ladies' Writing Desk .... $10.50% W§iW : ' H ff
V I*ft ! i ! La^es'Dressing Table.... $ 16.500Q || ' W 7M}° I $
V J& SI Qnooial l With every $5.C0 purchase we will \u25a0'- f I! Iff. '/l\ | JBQtL *
' ; r fW^^^J^^K ' S Berry Set (iike cut), consisting of I large and 6; If ///// f ffi\\ . Iff «3v\ i
• A $nSm&fc\\ i^aUnappfes.. ,/.,-;. \u0084 . f /fitl <^M§BM/fr- 1
'1 ; \ 6v 1 }ft :\u25a0• Talking Marhinp< CHvcnawa y FßEE I . I; .'/!\u25a0'» willY \u25a0'£
% X JL h I • 111 . 11 . 15 ? with every pur- VII still W JIM f /lllk/ 1 Ilk «
l 7L'\ \\ V * %\V chase amounting to $150.00. These machines seU 1 /.« IU if W 1 M Ml YV JI
•itv fi; ' I \te Si for $20.00 upward, and are the celebrated "Victor" ' 1 'VI 111 I (S\%v v^fe>M M
1 *JUI : ' m^jn .and "Talkophone" make. \; m ' Wh J/% I
:*-^\}lj JiJLS^^\ CP2N EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS. TOuSmS^j^^| __^S ; '{
fit? M^ W£ OLDEST AHV MOST RZLtARLE y^MW^l^^^^^^K '
\ -A^ '••- .\u25a0', Xhf- JW V£l (TTI
V^3 ?^J yJOI7-JO2i VMIS6 'M.ST. jjWF* j*BOV£ ' S/XTtf \
STOCK PRICES
SHOW DECLINE
Small Advance Follows the
Appearance of; the Weekly
Statement of the Banks
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— There was
confusion *in the ;' price
movement during to-day's active stock
\u25a0 market : and sentiment in speculative
.'circles was ..considerably ' unsettled as
the . result. There were . spots -of pro
gressive -fstrength" still, ; principally
among and some \u25a0 of ..-Hhe
high-grade' railroads, -I of.', which? the
floating. supply: is small. On the other
hand/ there was active liquidation' man
ifest at j one^or ,two points/ notably. 1 in
Southern Pacific and in the Rock Island
affiliated stocks. official intima
tion ? that ; the : Rock." Island preferred
dividend was to be ; suspended • In \ Janu-"
ary?was7 sufficient explanation : of .the
weakness J in the Rock Island^ j shares.
The heavy selling; of -Southern Pacific
was attributed' to % speculative holders
who ' had counted "\u25a0 upon ? anl early ; estab
lishmentiof dividend payments on that
stock ,Tand -who found "cause ;' f or ;- .'• the
abandonment r. of - ; their v lapses, . in the
lahguage of the annual report to the
stockholders... In the body of the list
there was evidence ;\u25a0 of i free selling \u25a0• to
take Iproflts under cover of the various
points |of .' strength. . An " Incipient ; ad
vance developed \u25a0\u25a0: after the appearance
of :the-bank statement/-but prices sub
sequently^weakened^to the lowest: and
, the J was : irregular . : and not \u25a0 far
from", the" low . level: .'. The banks ' showed
tho ; ; re-establishment": of -a ..su rplus In
reserves amounting, to: nearly, s4,ooo,ooo,
the 'improvement j^n their condition be-^
ing! principally duetto the scaling down
of ,thelrideposits, j which resulted, in a
loan contraction of $11,756,800. .- "
; "The cash'increase of $5,120,800 proved
about ; as "expected. " .'\u25a0'.; Yesterday's , pay
ments jof ! 1 Government-, in-;
terest and of Important, dividends, In
cluding "the > $10,000,000: Standard y Oil
"disbursements, 'v,; will " accrue '. '' : to [ . '. the
: benefit " of next I week's - market and . fig
ure in next .week's, bank statement.^ But
a* very i^heayy, demand' has developed- for
remittances :to'London';byrnext-Wednes
day's f. steamer, ;:,whlch '* is the .\u25a0 last 4 ; to
Tcach^London 4n timer for; the iend^year.
«et tlements/A. There ?are < large amounts
bills maturing at this. time,"
'which Lwerejput; out /early^ In the; period
of i higher I money ; to] take \u25a0 advantage 'of
•profitablef rates here. , .The possibility of
gold"goirig;out]next week Is
underJ discussion. ; .• ... :
'"Total of -bonds,, par value.
'"si,69B,ooo. f^pg^^^^.v.:'- - •' ;'
;The f- speculation '- of the . week^ has
shownt great animation:: and > large" vol-^
ume, but^haSibeentgreatly congested in
individual"" stocks i^which; have .been
brought forward^ into}' prominence; by,
rotation.'i The brilliant condition|in the
; metal v industries","; espe_cially^copper an d
Iron/. hasFglveri? special?' prominence , to
the speculation^ Ini securities connected
twith -those andustries^T The j prosperity
revealed :->: -> by "^ theT Union % Pacific ; annual
reportlhas ; the ;basis .-for.; pushing- that
stock s to'anew.reeord price.'. , \u25a0-\u25a0
*Bonds v have* moved -irregularly and
have-not. shared:;ln the " activity^ of
: United: States 3s and 'the old and^new
4s:decllned %'} per, cent>n call on the
I .• ;•;\u25a0."\u25a0 ';,-"*\u25a0 \u25a0-'. \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0 — .•-.\u25a0 ' '\u25a0_ '^
rilKKlus Makes No Denial.
> AT BANY • N . Y.; Dec. -' 16.-^<sovorno'r
Higgtns to-day] state^.that ; E.\ H. HarrK
1 man's testimony, yesterday.; so far as , it
concerned the Governor personally, was
•.true.'/'::.;"":,' '/ '\u25a0:_\u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0."- .1". 1 "' J ;,.:... .'\u25a0\u25a0
EATE OF POSTAGE
ON
THE GHKISTMAS CALL
'Domestic i*. v . V. : v . : -'-^.V'S-''
.;' "^Foreign".-!f^;l_.^.V:llc;
Domestic postage includes! all =
; points Yin United ; • States^'
\u25a0 Mexico, I Canada^ Hawaiian >Isl-;
•rands,-- Philippine : Islands,;; Porto
\u25a03 Rico ?" and J Guam.
i?'|Mail|t^!Burn^tuousl paper to
your, friends =in % the East and
." \u25a0."..'/
THE UNION OIL CO.
OF CALIFORNIA
Its Wonderful Development,
Tremendous Output and
Fleet of Tank Steamers
i. The United produced during
1904 .73 per; cent; of the world's output
of - petroleum; of this percentage Cali
fornia provided 25 [per cent, being. more'
than that contributed* by any other
State. ... Foremost In the producing,
handling and marketing, of California
petroleum stands the Union Oil - Com
pany of California, \u25a0 which is practically
the pioneer of -the Industry in f this
State. Starting some twenty odd years*
ago with; meager land holdings, an ex
ceedingly limited production, and few
facilities V for handling, :the-. company
now owns over 170,000 acres of oil ter
ritory, its production is unlimited, and
it owns and operates the largest fleet of
efficient" tank steamers, in the world.
Most of the company's land is near tide
water, which it reaches by pipe lines at
three points— San Pedro. Ventura and
Port ;. Harf ord. ./\u25a0 These lines serve as
feeders to the company's oil carriers. -; .
,The company not only supplies, the
local market, but' is constantly reach^
- ing out ', f or.^ ne w • markets, at ' present
supplying consumers at the Hawaiian
Islands, : Central . and \u25a0 South America, as
well as British Columbia. The use of
crude oil for ; fuel purposes is practi-.
cally in its. infancy; and there is no
doubtvthatin a few. years It will be
common practice in all parts .of the
world. The Union Oil Company, having
unlimited quantities of oil. with its fleet
of tank carriers, is in ideal position to
prosecute the introduction of fuel oil In
new. markets, and is rapidly. doing so.
The* company; has two refineries, lo
cated .at Oleum and Bakersfield, Cali
fornia. W Although the largest and best
equipped; plants of this character in the
State,- plans -are about completed by
which their capacity will be increased
many times.: Both refineries are ideally
placed" for "making prompt.' economical
shipments. The \u25a0. Bakersfleldi refinery is
located ; on the main line of the South
ern, Pacific Railway Company, s wbJle at
Oleum the - same j railroad runs directly
through > the 'plant, and., this .refinery
being situated on. the Bay, of San t'ran
cisco." the company has put up a wharr
capable of docking any sized vessel
afloat' From these two refineries.' which
produce all; kinds of refined oils, as.weh
as \u25a0 asphaltum. known ;as "the 'Maltha
brand," shipments are made to all parts
*For the distribution of Its-oil in Cali
fornia,' the i company has seventeen " sta
tions, located at' the principal-cities,
among 'them' San Francisco,. Los "Ait
geles San Diego, Santa ; Barbara ana
Ventura. The - company also has sta
tions at Seattle, "Wash.; Portland and
Astoria, -Ore..' and in the Hawaiian.lsl
ands vat I Honolulu, Kihei and Kahului»
as well as offices in Chicago, New .York
and London. " --*''--" , . r
iThe ; general ' offices of the manufac
turing, sales s and marine .department
are in- San : Francisco, .under: the man
agement of Mr. John Baker Jr.. whose
able direction ; Is > responsible "in large
degree : for ; the , Increasing ' prestige of
thisgreat'company.; ; i^_^_: .
ORGANIZER GOOD •. .\
r / GOVERNMENT CLUB
Residents of Healdsburg and
Vicinity Determined to
; Enforce^Laws.
Special ; Dispatch ito v Tlje CSHI."
lIEALDSBURG^Dec'tie.— A Good Gov T '
ernment' League of l Healdsburg -vl
cinityihas .been/ organized here. Follow
ing'are" its objects: -.-.; ,: . .
VThe'Seciirlng and, enforcing of law and
order/- To -this end 'the; league shall study
our,. social" conditions , and meeds;;i needs; ; shape
public • opinion;; upon , questions ; to
local' government; I endeavor -to . secure >the
nomination^ and -election "of .trustworthy
men * for] office ; • federate the ,' moral i forces
of jthel community ,'^and | protect { the- com
mon; welfare ; and: prosperity. -I .';.' "I ." : .
w.''lt S seeks ; to i accomplish i this object »by
ho'nest'and {vigorous Investigation of: civic
affairs ;U by awakening ; public
concernjng, v existing ; * byi enforcement
of present laws; 'by, suppressing graft; by
upholding ; official '.honor.* and "'by; stimulat
ihg.the' public] conscience and massing the
moral g influence V of "the, people if or. the
commonweal.".'. ; ' . • *.
J, The general of Prance, Brigadier
General fde Belerrayia." recently died at the
age of JO6. ~% He received I his cross for "gal
lantryJatUhe" battleTof ;S6lf erlno. In 1859,
ana i won] two stars •in the battle or Cham
pigny,: in . 1870.
TWO AEMY OFFICERS
MUST FACE CHARGES
Captain Curtis, Now at the
Presidio, Is Accused of
Intoxication.
Special Dispatch to Tht Call.
. -WASHINGTON. Deo. I«.— Charges
have been preferred against Captain'
Arthur P. Curti3 of ;_ the • Slxty-flrst
Company of Coast Artillery, recently:
on duty at Fort Baiter and lately trans
ferred to the Presidio of San Francisco.
The charge? alleg« Intoxication. .
The -War Department has also re
ceived Information of . the charges
against Lieutenant ' Hugh Klrkman o"
the Eighty-sixth' Cavalry , on duty .In
the -Philippines,* It Is understood .that
the officer la now under arrest and will
be brought before a court-martial. Tho
charges allege embezzlement. "
Henvier Penalty for Land Frauds.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— The Secre
tary of the Interior has sent to Con
gress a draft of a bill ftxlns a maxi
mum penalty of ,-$lO,OOO fine of" ten
years', imprisonment, or- both, for
fraudulent attempts to obtain title .to
public lands.
Capital. Surplus and Profits
53.000.000.00
Your Estate >
Th« executor of your estate j
should be competent, expert-
ericed and thoroughly reliable..
This company, with its wider 5
experience, -large capital and .
surplus and reliable manage-
ment is .In a . position to settle
your estate economically and
with, the utmost, fidelity to .the \u0084 *
Instructions contained in your -
wilL
— »
California Safe
Deposit and
Trust Co.
California and Montgomery Sts. I
~-j .ASSETS •
- Over -Ten MflUorv Dollars •
HOLIDAY GIFTS,
-Opera, Race ,and Field
Glasses, Lorgnettes, /Spec-
tacles, Kodaks and .Cameras.
105 MONTGOMERY-ST.
/NEAR SUTTEH' OPR OCCIDENTAL HOTEL
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES
JvisiTIDR^JORDANSSrcSitAT
iHUSEUM OF ANATOMY
A £fe US! HUET ST. UL lti*;ti.s.?.C»L '
> \u25a0 3jf.-; . _ Tbt Urtmi i nvonuoU Iwn la to.
\u25a0I ' * rl<t " w "\u25a0\u25a0""•"• jr> "T mtwif*
I ' flfsl* I OR. JORDAN-D'.SEASES OP MEM
i\u25a0| ' r I •• ' -llit £ ww * lt » tor »•*. rwii-«««r«T •?
1 H *M*»»uc«- Matt.mt* 7JB, li \u25a0
, » Jl »«^»W« kwk Us tilt.) \u0084 - s
Fbmn¥ Ipraus
- BLr^ktkJ . .. ~ Oriflntl mad Only Oeaalu* \
12k St£9 T»k» a* «tker. '%**•—
Y*y TO J»»««r»a« S.b.Utatlo*. u4 l» 11 *-
\ Ll- . HI *—+> \u25a0•! •' T«M Otm^V m M< *+ ™
'\u25a0uituii^^. 1I«4I»»« *\**r*, FMILA* r+mMtS •" -A.
The Victor Talking Machine
a Favorite with Santa Glaus
If you want your children to remember you gratefully for
years to come, give them a " Victor." They will forsake all •
!= ' other Christmas presents for that They will never tire of it,
because it has always something new to offer. It is full of fun
and music and pleases everybody, big or little.
Spend Christmas with a Victor.
'. *. It whistles, it plays almost any piece. It talks.it sings —
.so like the human voice as to almost defy detection. It makes
.home happy because it provides such a variety of good, clean,
• wholesome fun.
• The Victor tells it* own convincing Aory. Come in and
; *{ . .-.Kear it Upward* of 50.000 Record* to choose from.
•'.\u25a0 : many of them are especially adapted to children.
- A Victor as low in price as *20. larger machines at *25»
'? ; • $32.50. M 5 to *65 and up.
>, • " , Pay by the month if yon wish.
/ • •. TAKE ELEVATOR TO SECOND FLOOR.
..SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.
STEINWAY PIANO DEALERS
\u25a0 \u25a0'•\u25a0 Located {or thirty-five years at Kexrcy sad Suiter Streets. San Francaco.
Oakland Store Broadway and Thirteenth Street
An Interesting Feature of
To-Day's Call Is the
..Christmas Tree Contest.
On Pages 48-49
$300 in Cash and Prizes \
AIIMV ORDERS.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16. — Army or
ders — The following officers of tho
medical department, having reported
their arrival at San Francisco, are as-
Signed as follows: Lieutenant Colonel
AVilliam B. Davis to Vancouver Bar
racks, temporary duty as chief curgeon
.department of Columbia; Captain
Carles L. B. Flagg to Vancouver Bar
racks; First Lieutenant Charles Y.
Brovolee to" Fort Jay, N. V.; First
Lieutenant Jacob W. Giiesinger to
Alcatraz Island; First Lieutenant Ed
ward iL Talbott to Fort Leavenworth;
First Lieutenant John A. Clark to Fort
Oslethorpe. Ga_; First Lieutenant Jacob
M. Coffin to Hot Springs, Arkansas
Army and Navy Hospital; First Lieu
tenant James D. Fife to Fort Slocum,
N\ V.; First Lieutenant William A.
Powell to Jefferson Barracks.
First Lieutenant Edwin D. Kilbourne
will report to the commanding genera.l
of the department of California for
duty at the hos-pltal at the Presidio of
£an Francisco, relieving First Lieuten
ant Herbert M. Smith who will -proceed
to Fort Apache. Ariz., for duty.
First Lieutenant Charles L. Foster,
assistant surgeon, is assigned to duty
in the transport service and will re-
port to the medlral superintendent at
ySan Francisco for duty.
I Major John V. White, military secre
tary, having reported his arrival at San
Francisco, will proceed to Oklahoma
City for duty.
Dental Surgeon George H. Cassidy Is re
lieved in the Philippir.es ar.d will proceed
to San Francisco and report for further
orders.
Captain Ralph Harrison, commissary. Is
AT REDUCED PRICES
fd^clnrr^rLrC At $1 Down, 50c a WeeK
Parlor Suite WL^'^^^fc^ 18i :
Mahogacy finish. «p- fijSßfijK SiS ''
hcLtered in r.rat rat- |^|g^^i tofg^^^^ag^l ds&Mz
tern cf velour. Rep. •ff '' / a • i n li
Special $12.55 H ** v '\u25a0 W |'
~g*i ~~jfl Roman Ch2ir" Solid Oak Diner . \u25a0jSft
HIS (A\ Mahogany fin- Braced arms, cane seat, |||// V
\s%^®m Isb * ft f Y pat * « <r * well made 5 fe e- • •AH'
\}^^^&-W iaat oi t vetoai $JSO JSSt
XC^^^MTW tosslect from; a *mv. . f^^L
iFir^^Vyw suitAfc:e etft; reg. Special 95c prj^ra
Jf vi - \u25a0ci QCi Only iour to a customer, f . jj »
rf"" x~~~«i Morris solid /'S^p**''—-^ -sj^k
-J^iL-^ (i^ cut) soi- Writing
n^^sa i* o*** claw _ . fg?jf^- : — -.i_s «'// 'A
J&r"^ \^ different pat- $8. | ra 1 if
4U terns; reg. $15 SPECIAL J• • I • \ M
Special $6.95 | | $4.10 g JI \u25a0
(Ukc cut) Solid oak molding, day N^f|| !•! jfffij|;||jf jm|in'f lTl §I^l^
FURNITURE COMPANY
338-342 POST ST. /Eyi^os-
relieved in the Philippines, to take effect
May 19, 1906. and will proceed to San
Francisco and report for further orders.
The orders of October 10 directing Cap
tain Louis H. Bash, commissary, to pro
ceed to San Francisco are -amended so as
to direct the captain to report to the
commanding general of the Philippines
for duty.
The orders of December 6 directing Ma
jor Adelbert Cronkhlte, artillery corps, to
proceed to the Presidio of San Francisco
are suspended until April 1. Major Cronk
hite will remain at his present duties in
New York.
First Lieutenant Winston Pilcher, Fifth
Cavalry, will report to Brigadier General
Frederick Funston, San Francisco, when
required, for examination by the retiring
board.
A leave of absence of one month and
fifteen days has been granted Captain
David B. Case, commissary, Philippine
Division.
Major William Gambrill. paymaster,
now in San Francisco, will proceed to
Governors Island, X. V., for duty.
A board of officers, to consist of Major
Charles M. O'Connor; Captains Alonzo
Gray and Francis Pope, Fourteenth Cav
alry; Captain Christopher C. Collins,
Contract Surgeon Wilmot E. Brown and
First Lieutenant Rowland B. Ellis, is ap
pointed to meet at Fort Walla Walla,
Wash., for the examination of officers for
promotion.
. Second Lieutenant Allen C. Keyes,
Fourteenth Cavalry, will report to' Major
Charles M. O'Connor. Fourteenth Cav
alry, at Fort Walla Walla, when required,
for examination to determine his fitness
for promotion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, . SUNDAY^ DECEMBER ; 17,^1905:
HUMMEL TRIAL
HOLDS INTEREST
Witness Testifies to; Bather
. Peculiar Proceedings in
the First Divorce Suit
MOESE ON THE STAND
Banker Says the; Defendant
Told Him That Annulment
Case Was Corrupt and Bad
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— The crucial !
legal point In' the celebrated Dodge-Morse I
divorce case, namely, .the question wheth- j
er Dodge was ever served .with the : sum- \u25a0\u25a0
mons to divorce proceedings, .with his
wife, who later became Mra. Morse, was
taken up to-day at the trial of Abraham
Hummel, the lawyer, for conspiracy In
this case. The first ' witness, W. A. ;
Sweetser, was the lawyer who represent
ed Mrs. Dodge In her divorce proceed- \\
inea.
Sweetser testified . that he served the
summons in question on Dodge on March
31, 1597, at the. Everett House in this city.
He then said in reply to questions that in
1903 be identified as Dodge a man whose
real name was- Herbitch. '. This was at
reference proceedings' in connection with
the case. ., The prosecution in the Hum
mel trial' has charged that Herbitch was
used st the reference to impersonate
Dodge, who, they : charge, was being kept
away from the city. . . . *
Sweetser said Mrs. podge was to pay
all expenses of the divorce' proceedings,
including her husband's counsel fees.
Charles K. Herbitch, whom Sweetser
testified he identified as Dodge in 1903,
was then put on the witness stand. He
said that he went to the reference pro
ceedings in Question at the request of
Hummel. ..
"I went to his office," testified Herbitch,
"and he told me wanted to use me
for about fifteen minutes at a hearing
but did not want me to testify. He sent
me to Judge Hall's office at 62 ."Williams
street. Hummel afterward entered the
office with Steinhart."'.
ADMITS POSIXG AS DODGE.
"Did you receive anything for * your
services?"
"Yes, $25."
"What did Hummel say to you?"
"He. told me that he wanted to see
if a certain man would ' mistake me
for some one else."
"You knew by what you heard there
that there was a dispute as to the serv
ice of a summons?"
"I did."
Justice Rogers, who is trying the.
case, asked at this point: "And when
Sweetser greeted you as Dodge did you
not make any response?''
"I did not."
Charles W. Morse,- banker and or
ganizer of the American Ice Company,
was next called to tho witness stand.
It was in order to secure an annulment
of the marriage of Mrs. Clemence
Dodge to Morse that the alleged con
spiracy was entered into by Hummel.
Morse testified that Hummel told
him in 1902 that Mrs. Dodge's divorce
from Dodge was corrupt and bad.
Morse said he answered that if any
thing was wrong he wanted it * set
right/ The witness said that'Sweetser
showed him a newspaper picture of
Dodge, which the witness said he had
with him when he ' served the sum
mons. Delancey Nicholl, Hummel's at
torney, then said: ; \u0084:,,..
UNCLE OPPOSED MARRIAGE.
"And when you called his attention
to the fact that by the date on the
paper the picture \vas not printed un
til months after the service of the sum
mons what did he say?"
"That he would have to frame up
some other excuse/ 1 was the reply.
Morse. testified that his wife said she
preferred a new divorce from. Dodge
and that she had started nn action for
one. He said that Hummel was to act
as Dodge's counsel in this new divorce,
but the case was stopped by interven
tion proceedings.
Morse was asked about the attitude
of his uncle, Captain James T. Morse,
the' Ne-w England ship owner, regard
ing the marriage with Mrs. Dodge.
."You. have heard him say that Mrs.
Dodge v.*as an unfit woman for you to
marry?" he was asked.
"Yes."
"You have heard him say also that
he would take steps to break your
marriage?" ' . ,
"Yes."
Morse said . that he was in District
Attorney Jerome's office and that
Jerome .was . .present . when Captain
Morse said he had taken legal steps to
break tho marriage. . .. ..
Judge Ernest Hall, who acted as ref
eree in the Dodge. divorce case in; 1903,
testified that Sweetser took Herbitch
for Dodgeat one of the hearings and
that he afterward understood that Her
bitch was there simply that It might
be known whether Sweetser would rec
ognize him as Dodge. . Judge Hall said
that Dodgo himself was present at a
later meeting and that he did not at all
resemble Herbitch in appearance. .- Th«
case was then adjourned until Monday.
LANE'S NOMINATION
GOES TO COMMITTEE
Judging From Present Out
look It Will Stay There
Indefinitely;? \u25a0
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU. POST ,~ BUILDING)
•WASHINGTON", Dec- 16.— Senators
Perkins and Flint to-day recommended
to President Roosevelt - the VreappoinU
ment of Collector Campbell at Eureka,
and Resiater Swayne ; of the;iand bfllco
at VlEalla., Cal. The nominations will
be sent to the Senate soon., , ,
The nomination of ; Franklin K. Lane
to be Interstate -Commerce .Commis
sioner has beenCreferred^^o.avspeclal
sub-cqmmittee of \u25a0: the : Committee on
Interstate Commerce, where j from : pres
ent indications it will remain indefi
nitely. -. \u25a0 -v
Senator Flint has; introduced in the
Sonatea bil" providing: -.for j the erection
of a public building at Eureka; Cal..
at a cost of $250,000, and a . bill ap
propriating $350,000 for "a similar
building at San Diego. \, \u0084v,,;- .'
The marking of thirty million feet of
timber belonging to the McCloudßlver
Lumber ; Company, >; California, \u25a0: under
the - suDervision • of the Forest * Service
has been -completed. An
has been received' from the plumber
company near : Sierra; Forest Reserve
asking, the ' forest . service „, to '4. take
charge of. the lumbering and cutting on
its timber lands. .; .- ' < ':;'_\"'i^ : .' :
',The. Comptroller of ;. the .Treasury, to
day approved the "application , of - J. -A.
Graves, J. S. Anderson/: John jH'Bartle,
K. R. Jeffrey arid, others to orgranize a
United States i national 'bank? at rAfcusa,''
"The United" States haval"i transport
Cal., with a capital : of $25.000.,;
Supply/ will bo delayed -at \ Mare 7 Island
about six -weeks for; the . purpose "of be
ing docked; and receiving !f re
pairs,', after • which' thei vessel)will \ take
Commander. T.'M.* Potts U.o}Guam' ; wher&
he vvill^ become " governor i of r^the'; island
and : commandant of the naval station.
Glove 3.rid. v Open
Orders Issued v.:. : .,i:: -\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0. .-J: .-ry-:,;. a-:. \u25a0\u0084 ;\u25a0'\u25a0}.' " Until^Xmas
Entire 3d Floor C_J jf Entire 3d Floor
nandkerGhieis- v r ans f i^ertumes, rland 13ags, Upera bags,
Ostrich and! M and Scarfs, Gloves,
APT TPW7PT PV /
\u2666 \u2666\u2666rilx 1 JCa vy CLfv I •\u2666•\u2666
Silks, Woolen Dress Goods, Dv Barry Scarf s f Ribbons,
Hosiery^ Genti^ Wraps, Suits,
Fine Furs, Japanese Wrappers, Waists, Lingerie
--\u0084/. -.•.' ; \u25a0\u25a0 ' - . \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0•.•\u25a0•.' ;• -.\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0.- " . .'. \u25a0' -...•,"..:. \u0084 . ... , \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 .-\ •\u25a0 . -
/'\u25a0••- : ~ : .: -. — _^_ i — • ; - '" ' — - — ; — - - \u25a0 •\u25a0 — . _i ; ,—», — »
'\u25a0\u25a0'.. \u25a0 • \u25a0 .-"-• . - \u25a0 \u25a0 • \u25a0-\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 . . \u25a0 - \u25a0 - \u25a0 • ' c
\u25a0 . * '\u25a0 •. '\u25a0\u25a0 '.''''\u25a0 '\u25a0" \u25a0 ' '^^^
vyriClltcll I UUrJ A Lr Jy(\s/j//*MyO {Zs> rm \u25a0 *-«lCLtriC
i^ugs y Chr Pn«sT x Kfarny Stq '^ Lamps
MONTANA JUDGE
BECOMES IRATE
Brands the : Jurors Serving
in His Court as Cowards
and Orders Their Discharge
BUTTE, Mont., Dec. ] 16.— Branding the
juiors as i cowards afraid to do as they,
had sworn and so« permitting crime ,to'
rule with a high hand in Butte with the
result that murder follows murder and
holdup follows holdup with appalling fre
quency, Judge * Michael Donlah : of . the
criminal branch of the District Court 'has
summarily discharged, the entire jury
panel with \ a .caustic scoring eeldom
heard in any courtroom.
The climax was reached when the jury
failed to reach a verdict in the Gordon
highway robbery, case." In which the de
fendant had been identified as the robber
almost beyond 1 the possibility of a doubt.
This disagreement is about the sixth in
criminal cases this term, four ' occurring
in first degree rourder'trials in which tfie
evidence was apparently overwhelmingly
in favor of the State. ; Several days ; ago
Judge Donlan was nearly taken off his
feet with surprise when , the jury in the
Hill gambling case " returned to him and
politely Informed his \ Honor f that • unless
he coul,d reduce the $500 fine imposed by
the statutes, although they ; believed :.tRe
defendant guilty,;they would acqult.htm,
which they I did upon '. being Informed | by
thpJudge that tie could not alter the, laws
of the State. Then came the acquittal o£
Pat Rogers, charged "with killing Harry
Richards, whom he; shot dead, while ; he
(Rogers) was out gunning for, a saloon
keeper : who had" thrashed him during a
drunken brawl. 'This \u25a0 saloon-keeper later
killed a man and was tried 'for murder in
the first" degree.' but; as the jury failed to
arrive at a; verdict the .liquor man was
also -.set: at 'llberty.rv ..; v £..*; v.; ; ; . :
When the : jury; in the. Gordon case re
ported that* they were ; unable ; to agree
Donlan'B Ire knew.no bounds, and, with a
face almost livid :,with indignation he; told
the jury that' criminal trials had become
a farce in" Butte 1 arid -\ the: brunt:-.; of g all
jokes. In the course of his remarks the
court-said: » ; - ; '\u25a0\u25a0 .' ii
"Butte' is becoming the Mecca for tha
criminals of America.; ,It> is up \ to, the
jury to stop these: flagrant .infractions of
the laws. -H' demand the services' of /a
Jury > panel which' will . respect i the laws
and the 'rights of the taxpayers, v Gentle
men- of the • jury, : I intend -to get \u25a0 another
jury. You may'go." ../. ..\u25a0 •'-,-, -U; '£.'?\u25a0
Asked" to reduce : Gordon's bond In view
of the disagreement.: the; Judge, increased
it v from" $2000 fcto'i 510,000. ; Acting A wlth \u25a0, an
iron hand,* he committed a witness \ln the
Gordon^ case. ; i discovered in : the ~ court
room • with a revolver ?in ?. his pocket, to
five! days' in prison with : a fine 0f ,5500 .for
contempt of court. | instrucUng , the County
Attorney to begin proceedings against the
man for carrying concealed .weapons upon
his release from- the [county, bastlle.';-.; 'i. I
Liner Pn»«t» n llurc Iccbf rg.
PLYMOUTH, r Ens.. -' Dec.-. ,- ; lS.—Tho
1 American line* steamer,' St.* Louis, iwhlch
arrived t here :, to-day n from' New
reports having ; passed.', Decerriber? 12. ; in
latitude' 45^: north -.and " longitude Jii
west "an -iceberg -300 \u25a0: t eet T hish.wiThe
iceberg ; was iright r in', the track „ of /At r
lantlc llrierjj.rand 1 is ? regarded as r being
a serious danger to navigation. >.v
..The application > of i^W. : .-H. .'.Glass "of
Redlandsffor,- perniision :'to[c6nstruct Va
telephone fllne.overjtheiSanlßernardlno
forest^res'elr'ye j lands for* communication
between" his 1 resort^ and ; Redlands^ has
been ' granted by the ; forest service. ; *
SOMNAMBULISTIC NEGRO KILLS
.HIS SLKEPING ROO.\I3IATE
Get* Up From Hln Couch* While Dream
ing That He Was Being; Attacked
I and Shoots Companion. ;V .-< •/
I . LOUISVILLE, % Ky.;' Dee. 1 6.— Archie
Harris, a negro car driver, was shot
and killed early this morning by Louis
Whitney/also a cabman. It is supposed
Whitney did the shooting while asleep.
Yesterday ho was presented, with a
; hammerless revolver, and spent the re
mainder of the day exhibiting it and
There is just a week left to do Christmas buying, but for your own convenience do your shopping as
early as -possible; and mornings,- if you can. We have ample facilities and plenty of competent, intelligent
and courteous salesmen; yet during the last two or three days the store is certain to be crowded, and
buying will; hot be aspleasant; as we like to make it for you.
As' for the Slippers— they're here for every one, prettier, more styles and more reasonable than yotr
can find them anywhere else in San Francisco.
Kaufmann^s is THE Holiday Footwear Store. Open Evenings.
What to Give a Man >^v What to Give a Lady - What to Give a Boy
'bp F wSSii »kff "'.- :?!V°-: %3.50 - Blu e or ' pink - satin \u25a0 Juliets. Blue or pink satin JnUets, ChUdrW." black and red F.lt
or wairus sum ......... Vo«V o« slippers -of -quality : and -worth white fur trimming and warn- Romeos, nanael lined, fur
\u25a0jl-'. . ' more rooney.7sc. fl and ?I^ls ly^ lined ipa trimmed—
(Qk •'\u25a0". -'\u25a0'\u25a0 Blue, ; red. black, gray and Ladies* Slumber Slippers, to Sizes 5»8 «5c
\u25a0\u25a0-'fil^N^ifflk--'--'--'- 1 ' 1 '" brown Juliets; finest felt, hand- -b « worn in bed. prevent; cold Sizes 8% to 11 7l>c
-mk-, turned and handsomely orna- teet ' « ad ? of red - blue Sizes 11 Vi to 2 75c
'"•\u25a0 ' Kai»ai •''^'* iI S' J - :! - mented .f1.50 Pink eiderdown T3c Children's Komeos in blue or
"l!ai^^»iL__.i M i i \u25a0\u25a0» ' Gray or brown felt Juliets. r*^ felt, fancily trimmed, Hka
<-.--\u25a0'"\u25a0. .",''-' \u25a0"\u25a0- .•\u25a0''.-' -trimmed with richest fancy, fur • . ***\. dra win r above—
Men's • Slippers, Everett- cut. and ribbon, very handsome, fln-s- 'j* _-<^*^gfc Sizes sto 5. ............. ..U0c
as Illustrated tan or, black, and durable, as drawing: abnvo.. VTif 'i^M Plzes 11 to 2 St. ls
; hand-turned, very pretty. ?l.sO -. .......:;.. Q2JSO'--:, j/rf4Si^<!is2B SIIM IJ^ to 2 *1.15 "
Men's tan or black kid Ro- itfSjj?^ ' ' -^+"j£r* • Felt Ronicos. relnforcefl
mfos.ipl.oO, ifiS, Jfa^O and ."WJ F^S«l VOMk. ' " (^^ 'r''-£a^7: -with red kid, th<» mest sensible
Men's wine colored Calf tfT&3j^»» V J*^Jx -\u25a0.'.'/:!«-- ' m mi»m AWt"""^ .' " . • of . house sllpsers — -; .>. \u25a0
Romeos 9- XK^X^^al '''"' . -f'." " " .SizesStoS. »<«)o :
K?W^V \u25a0 ... Ladled Felt Slippers, as 11- sizes S^ to 11V.".V".".".".'.*".iit.06
£^.'-\, '*V \u25a0 ' U.^SSRii^iav • lustrated. In blue, red or black. Children's Buckskin ilocca-
/>'!::. \ 'uSN. K-. vS^S^-SX ' ' "ornamented with braid, hand «| ns — . .
£' ~"i\'> TS&in X*(^^XX ' ' turned *1 Sizes 3to 5.. 5U.00 and 51^5
fL \ «V "^*'«k. : Ladles' Boudoir \u25a0! Slippers. p| z , s 6to 10.JM.2" and *l.S«l
-^Sfc^wl ' y *^/^^%i •"-•"^Sbw; \u25a0 --' '; wlthout heel « roa<J « of b ! ue - r ' d ' SUerll t»2. .sl^>O and $1.75
';\u25a0 :\'-': : : 7^**** "" '"''• ' - . .v; : Ladles' Crochet Slippers." hanrt . JR) Sg\
Men's tan kid/ Faunts.-Mike Ladles* kid Juliets,. black vel-S t* knitted, in red. pink. \u25a0 blue and. .. Jff JJM \
"drawing, hand made. s3 and $\u25a0* . vet tops, ; hand-turned, ;. flannel ; black •;.:.«......._ •,•••;;•••"•'*• ' >?*\u25a0 -JSM 3
Men's Fausts in ml ktd.ip3.so Une d just like drawing.. .»l.Ts Ladles',.. Buckskin Moccasins yf- JW -J
Men's Felt Romeos.... Ladies' tan or ' black kid \u25a0 Ju- -fur trimmed ........... •?—-•» :-•_,. . J^f «»Lr*'^
?1 .50 and.sa.sO net". Tur trimmei. flannel Ladles' Buckskin Moccasin^ >J» J^L^fiSf
\u25a0'"' mmmmmm^A "\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0- •• •'*•? lined ...>:...... -$1.80 and'fa \u25a0-^laijnJ^^_^ l^^A JLl £i^>^7g ... .^ia»t>* - -jrfiSc^*^*^,
i'.f' - - :^ -' '." j^^cialSifor Ghristmas^Week - **?*€^^. -
V;.'JF'-.- v: "ll ! - :: ----- .li«dleavKed4and^W^«lEtFelt'Rpmeo«i^-.v '•'--: c _,^ Boys' Kia . Rotneo*. t»n ot
H-mlr ','' i^V Fur trimmed, hand-made, with. fancy ornament. Sola waek. ' like drawing above—
V'K^'n--. ' :'/^V: '/^V' v everywhere >at :$1. 25' ::.::.. ....:.-. OOc size»B to 13.: ..fl^K*
: - m&i.-.^\":- ' • >Tfcbw Ladieß'.Red aml.Black Felt'Romeoi: . Sizes 13% to 2.. %. *1.50
BSaaft>waka: ' Flannel lined, and fur trimmed. Sold everywhere sizes 2ii to Ji l^..-. 91.7S
.\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0 : -<^^™". -^^K^ai«»M»»a» ' : *' : <at-$l ..:. ." ..\u25a0.......'.\u25a0. ..i .-..-".*. i. .*.;..'...... ••« Oc Boys' Kid Slippers In tan or
; ; : * Ladles' Black. Droim or Red Satin Qnllted Romeo« : black, like first drawing. men'«
M^n's? Cavalier -Slippers. 'like Hand-turned, flannel lined;, worth 51.75; -for Christ- column—- '\u25a0 < " ; -"<--r m ,-.i t%
M^ n '? ca 2n a £ rr e s -asstaWS '^s^iti^f^i^^oS^hSs^frsM: ; *»» « *• •% .....»iuw
Men;s genuine buckskin^Moc- to 5........;. V. .55c " Sizes 8H to 11 '.....75c
'\u25a0 ca f} n ";:- Z, V A ViVn^ ™lf .££ -fr SUes6:to i 8........'.-..V.e5c,-:ElzesMlli.to.2.. ..Ssc .-
«^witV Tlzht " w? role^S ™- Men's Black 1 or Brown Kid SUpoer.: . \u25a0£; - . A PrettY TOY for
Fine -^hand-made goods, lined.througrhoutwlth^eath- ; * OY JOT
to^™*JJ^™™'« l tfJ**^9i I - er; regular ... : .. .-. v: ; . ;. g1.65 Child...
Our Shoe Orders make ideal \J? &% SW^ V*Bjfo 1^ Mail orders promptly fAled.
Christmas Gifts. ".'''\u25a0'. K» Efkj&F M- \u25a0*" '^"^^ L *^.^o Send for our' finely illustrated
Slipper* all packed in special W%J^ Q3Z JIARKETatSiR f^f Catalog of Holiday
' , : SHOIVS. \u25a0 ;. „••';,
expressing his pride over the gift. The
possession of the weapon is believed to
have occupied his mind so completely
that he . dreamed of it all night and
while asleep got up from his couch this
morning at 5:30 o'clock and, imagining
that an attack was being made on him,
fired on his phantom assailant. The
bullet struck Harris, who was asleep
at the time.
Receive Present From President.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— Frank H.
Tyree, who is widely known as one of
the personal guards oJ President
Roosevelt, has resigned from tho
United States Secret Service, and in a
few days will assume the duties of
United States Marshal of the Southern
district of West Virginia. The Presi
dent presented to him a handsome seal
ring. In appreciation of the personal
services rendered" him by Tyree.
The Alsatian city of Malhausen not
only provides free baths for It 3 school
children, but free medical Inspection and
dental treatment.'
6768
and all the CREDIT you want at the BIG store in the
LOW rent, district. Here's a bunch of Christmas
Specials and you are welcome to CREDIT. .... ..
II Ii OT * enimel that will not chip, Mission style with xWIx Wl ' I F^'^jfl**^/
ii w' finished with tapestry I m't leather seat. 0/ s^~~~Wl "^J'
ibaSuE*^ s *! cushion scat, a beautiful gift The cv t shows the V j^^^^^ |( Jp£
SlL^^—^^i^^^ that will fit Into most any chair exactly; it's I
l^^^^^^^^^j,^ room and brighten it up worth $12.50. JvE3 "^^^^Zjjl /J
•JL^fe3^ :::::::3^f wonderfully. It's a $6.00 Cbristmaf Credit j|]| WT || I
[^Trj l^^ chair on Credit now for price lltt |^J g I
Het^b 111 * %}M I I \«M \u25a0^StrOt
C*o 7d nnProHlt tdJ^ATrr. 1 . !'\u25a0\u25a0'"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 I « rr- . \u25a0» t*- • • | ov . al top and drawer on side raj
H f J Ull UICUII W as shown in cut The sides I||
m y^^\ »V l^H n.i.x _-»•• n^H made of heavy Mission timber, IS
m &\A DOUDiC ISOISuCr KOII yet the entire table gives a Bffl
*S3 //' » , 1 very Phasing and graceful
m N f Made of very light- weight wood; the effect in weathered oak finish. Sffl
*>! r\\\ vf\ kind that is large enough to hold the It would be sold for $30.00, ma
'H vl \\\ shams and cases when not in use; a buyout Christina. Credit m
'Mi P$ !i\\ $ZOO value. Special on ptl ™ * Eg
m/I /|\ Crtd:tfor . Christmas ;:;: 95c $21.00^ ff
/?! y^y ti>JisL Golden Oak Princess Dresser \u25a0^^^^s===^^=^ a^^^--^.
'^ = m iii -x— ~^*v _^^ — With long ovai mirror; this ]Q^^^^! __ -^^
j front drawers, a very neat piece
I ornament for HER roorm a ' sfi
MlQQinn FlimitllPP^*? the ? ew st y les of the beautiful Mid
1Y1I&&1U11 r l|l 1111U1 C simple weathered oak designs. Here are six
3 - Hour - Specials — One for every night* next. week.
Monday, Dec. 18, from 7 to 10 p. W*«lne»day. Dec. 20, from 7 to 10 Friday Dec 22 'from 7 tn Ift r.
m. only: Decorated China Chocolate Pots, p. m. only: Decorated Berry Sets of Seven ni only- Antlmie ai> -R?i?« rJ?*,2Jt^fc
a rood Chrlstmaß Olft-Regular $1 ar- Pieces, worth twice the Special 3-hour °f" D?nTn» Tvfwe stee St th^ elft for
tide— Fpeclal for 3 hours. sOc. trice of «Oc a set. OirlstrßaV, 20e.-'
Tur«d.-.y. Dec. 19, from 7 to 10 p. Thursday. Dec. 21, from 7tolo p. Saturday, Dec. 23, from 7 to
m. culv: Decorated Flower Vases of ac- m - only: Nickel Plated Crumb Pan and 10 -d. m only: Nickel Plated Combina-*
sorted styles— Special for 3 hours. 10c. ff 1 "^!" * °°-° eat 'or 3 hours only' tlon Saucepan and-Chafing Dish, a useful
" " • [1 at 60c article, for 3 hours. only 20c.
The BIG store in the 1 l^A x A « l^Vb'-Cx^ 1a Cjl
LOW rent district lOdkj IO 1 3dQ dtOCKf Ol\ st.
HARNEY CHARGED
WITH FORGERY
Municipal Contractor Will
Have to Tell About a
Signature on a Petition
A warrant for the arrest of J. G. Har
ney, the municipal contractor, on a
charge of forgery is the outcome of a
neighborhood quarrel over the paving of
Thinl avenue, between Clement street
atsd Point Lobos a\*enue- The warrant
\u25a0was sworn out yesterday morning before
Judjre Mogan by Thomas G. Johnston of
223 Third avenue. Mr. Harney left the
city yesterday on a business trip to
Stockton and is not expected to return
brforc Monday.
The specific claim made by Johnston,
or. In fact, Mrs. Johnston, who -Is agl-
GOLDEN WEST HOTEL WHEN COMPLETED. v:--4'rt!BsSr;-^Sw
Owing; to the increased business the management of this popular hotel has added two stories to
the already-imposing- structure, making a total of 370 rooms— modern and up todate in everyrespect.
For the comfort of the guests the lobby^ is to be refitted and Otis elevaiorsinstaUed; For the^
patronage accorded us during the past fourteen years we desire to thank the public and shall endeavor
to merit a continuance of the same. j^ J>' Jt >j. r jt j» j» . jfc"' jfc > '^
WEINEKE & PLAGEMANN - - - Propite
tatlng the matter In the neighborhood; Is
that Harney signed the name of John
ston to a petition addressed to the Board
of Works, asking that the section of
Third avenue above mentioned be paved.
In pursuance of the petition, the board
voted the contract to Harney, who pro
ceeded to go ahead with the work.
When the contract was announced it is
said another contractor came to the resi
dents on the block and offered to pave
the streets for a less cost to the pronerty
owners. Desiring to break the agree
ment with Harney, the people in tne
neighborhood framed a protest to the
Board of Works, asking it to rescind the
contract. The board failed to agree on
the question of stopping Harney in the
work and left the matter undecided, and
Harney continues his preparations to
pave the streets.
Inquiry in the neighborhood failed to
reveal any great number of property own
ers who opoose the paving of the street
and in many Instances the action !j of
Johnston is attributed to a personal mo
tive, as he is also a contractor doing
street work.
Shtrt Waist Pattern Sale
Begins Monday. 3000 pongee silk pat
terns and kimonos at Oriental Bazaar,
1330 Market street. , • ;.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER ,17, 1905
Falls Off Folaom-Street Car.
Andrew Holms, a carpenter, living at
974 Folsom street, suffered two lacera
tions on the right side of the face yes
terday by falling from a Folsom-street
car. Dr. Frank J. Tillman, who at
tended him at the Central Emergency
Hospital, examined the injured man.
No evidence of a fractured skull was
apparent, but to take' precautions -the
attending surgeon detained the man to
await for developments. "V ;
Mayor Vetoes Two Bills.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday vetoed two
bills sent to him by the Board of Su
pervisors. The first was the one call
ing for the purchase of land • In the
North Beach district for a new chil
dren's playground and the other for the
alternative site for the Lowell High
School.
Threatens Ca ptain'a Li f e.
Jean.Le Gall, the cook of , the French
bark Max, now in port, was locked up
in a cell of the Detention Hospital yes
terday afternoon after threatening the
life of Abel Guillou, the master of the
vessel. .Le Gall: has shown signs _\u25a0 of
mental derangement since the arrival
of the vessel.
GOVERNMENT
CONDEMNS COWS
Cattle on ;Angel; Island- Are
Suffering From Advanced
Stage of Tuberculosis
MILK SAMPLES TAKEN
Six Quarts Sent to a City
Chemist, Who Makes Re
port That Disease Prevails
Seventeen, head of cattle on Angel Isl-,
and have b« en condemned by the medical
authorities ci the army, and orders have
been issued that they must be removed
from the island immediately. The author
ities have discovered that - j tuberculosis
exists on the ; island in the worst form,
and two cows have died from, it already,
while others j may die before they can be
taken away.
The disease was discovered several
weeki ago, and Dr. Richard B. Corcoran,
veterinary of the artillery corps at the
Presidio, was sent to Angel Island to
Investigate and make a report.' A thor
ough investigation was made and several
large - tubercular glands were cut -from
different cows and. examined by the com
bined : medical department of the \u25a0 post.
The condition was considered serious and
ten of the cows were immediately con
demned, and six quarts of their milk was
sent to San Francisco to be examined by
a chemist, who reported that the milk
was in a bad condition and not fit for
consumption. Upon further examination
it was decided to use condensed milk at
the post and condemn all the cattle In
pasture at the depot of recruits and cas
uals and thus prevent the spread of the
disease among the other cattle on the
island.
The condemned cattle are the property
of. F. Pearl, an old veteran of the Civil
War, who has supplied milk to the post
for the last twenty years and" who al
ways boasted that his milk would stand
a better test than any dairy around . the
bay.. There . is some doubt, however, as
to his boast applying to the health of the
cattle, for it Is now reported that they
have been condemned on several jj occa
sions and. were only permitted to remain
on the Island through some Influence
brought to Tbear upon the authorities.
His dairy would probably have never
been questioned but for the death of two
of his cowsr which caused a dispute be
tween the owner and the authorities as
to who should bury the animals. The re
cruits were finally sent out to do the
necessary work, and an investigation was
immediately begun as to the cause of the
death. - It . resulted -in the condemning ;of
all the cattle at the post. /.
The cattle were rounded up yesterday
and will be shipped from the island as
soon as the owner can get a suitable
pasture for them. As the officers as well
as the men at the poßt are without fresh
milk Pearl may obtain permission to pur
chase new cows and still supply the post
with milk.
Pearl has had charge of ths water
works on the Island for over : twenty
years. He ran the dairy as a side line
and supplied the officers and men with
milk, in the latter case receiving . his
money from the company funds. -
SURPRISES FOR GUESTS
OF THE PALACE HOTEL
More Rooms, Beautiful Deco
rations and Modern Con
veniences to Be
to Great Hostelry
There are many pleasant . surprises'
In store for the guests of the world
famous Palace Hotel this year. In the
flrst plnce, 290 more rooms are to be
added to the gigantic ' structure, this
without disturbance to? the business of
the house. The hotel. ls, always spend
ing liberally and keeping, abreast of
the demands of the, age.
Just now the ladies' grill room Is in
the hands of decorators from W. : * J.
Sl oane : Company, of | New ; York,: who are
also at present \ finishing |up one hun
dred bedrooms and parlors in the most
beautiful way imaginable.
Steam heat or open \u25a0 flres await the
pleasure of; guests and there are tele
phones in every room, 1 - all connecting
with a central exchange in the hotel
office. '. •
•- All dust is now removed- from the
carpets in halls and rooms by a sani
tary compressed . air sweeping* plant,'
which deposits 'it through pipes into
the basement. In the grill rooms the
management is installing a ventilating
plant ; that *.will give a complete change
of air every ten minutes. -
- These are a few of the good things
going on at the world's greatest hotel.
The Palace has \u25a0 always \u25a0 been a center
of. social activlty.'-but Just now -there
is more going on than: ever ? before. In.
addition to banquets,; smart ;Bet:cotil
lons, parties, etc., the Palace, is becom
ing: quite the correct \u25a0 place for wed
dings. The Empire " room; where mar
riages \u25a0 are celebrated, is a dream of
beauty. The furnishing alone cost over
$20,000. ... > -- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;. \u25a0:\u25a0..;/. \u25a0'-,;.. . :
Considering all : features /' and c- Im
provements the Palace may ; be ranked
even -more than ' ever " before as : one ~of
the pre-eminent' sights .of San Fran
cisco, fi It is the flower iof modernity in
all its : appointments, ;• its \ cuisine >is fa
mous the world over— and- for comfort
It Is In every sense a' palace, a mansion
for enjoying life as; If at horn«.
OLYMPIC ELEVEN PLAYS .
I- . ASSOCIATIOIf FOOTBALL
First - Match Takes - Place at Alameda
-' To-Day A eralnat ' Second Team '
-; ./.>. of the' \u25a0\u25a0Vampires'.''^";;
\u25a0;7; 7 At : 11 o'clock ', this' morning , the^ ball will
be kicked off between .the
Olympic Club association football team
fend. the ; second eleven' of the \Vamplres"
on 1 the grounds : at Webster, street, 'Ala-'
meda. Heniry Roberts,' secretary, of the
California . Association -Football Ref
erees' Union, will be the " referee^ The
Olympic Club .team will b«; chosen from
the following: 1 Mlnehan,* Glarner; Lynch,
H. : Duncan, V George James, i. Mountz,
Minto^Scanlan,:Wallflsh,; Phillips, i Me-:
Carthy,V Bullion, Wilkinson %\u25a0 and-? J: S J D.
Robertson." The : uniform ofithe^Olym
pic" football ers -consists', of "a - red rJer
sey,: with \u25a0white-winged 'O, and \u25a0< white
running breeches. V.-% . : -
.\u25a0^ The :. Vampire t team s will i be \u0084c hosen
from the following: j Harwood,-. Weaver, 1
Jacques,*; V. Holland,":F.iHollandifibLOw
ell; 1 Campsle.J Lecoutieur, ,T. \u25a0 Smith,} Hen
derson, Pierre; and* Sharp: £.The
first ? or^nlne Zof the
, played \in • the > first .: eleven '(of \ .the iVani^
plres : at ': variousS times jduring^the * sear
son,".; as •; did also \u25a0 Glarner,^ who S is ; now
enrolled Q in r ; the S Olympic V- teamrv^ Har-;
:is captain \of * the ' second
eleven ; and \ George } James of ; the* Olym-'
pic i teamr/ ". ; - - : -'\u25a0'\u25a0' -\u25a0'\u25a0,\u25a0'-''\u25a0] '\u25a0 ?'!'
\u0084v Max ' Rosenf eld, , captain* of ; the < Olym
pic -Club;; Is '• taking7great' Interest] In -the
development(of Ithe association \u25a0 football
game; :.; Ay thatch* mays be f arranged "ibe
tweetfthe Olympic and Occidental clubs
'on Christmas tday"* orjNew Cday.
The ; Olympic \u25a0 team i will ? enter : the ! com
petition if or ; the "t Calif ornla Association
"Yes, I know they are caused by a waste of en-
ergy in some form or other."
\u25a0 "Well, *no less an authority than Professor Loeb
of California University, probably, the, most bril-
liant of our scientific men/ states that he has dem-
onstrated that Electricity is the basis of human
vitality."
"Yes, 111 1 have heard of that.""
/"All right; then can't you see that if Electricity
i« the life it is electricity that is lacking in peo- ~"
pie who are ailing?"
"Yes." \ . ..*,;,•.-
"And if I can restore this electricity I should
be able to cure them, should I not?"
"Yes, that seems reasonable."
"Well, now I have no more to say except that my
Electro-Vigor pours a volume of continuous current
into the nerve cells for hours every night while you
sleep. Thenerves drink it up, and it becomes a part
of the' nerve life. It is really so much added vitality,
and as all these troubles come from a loss of vitality,
the benefits that are derived are a natural result."
"I suppose," said the skeptical friend, "that your
treatment is especially for what are called 'weak
men,' or is it good for general troubles?"
"It is a tonic invigorant. It restores strength, cir-
culation and vitality, to every organ of the body. - It
is no' more a 'weak men' treatment than a stomach
treatment. It is tio more for men than for women.
It restores the vital energy that is needed by people
who are run down in any manner, and you know
that nearly every trouble that people have comes
from a want of sufficient vitaL force to keep up
health." I £
•"I see that you claim advantages over the old
style vinegar charging electric belt?"
Visalia, CaL. Oct. 22d. 1905.
Dr. Hall — Dear Sir: I have. been in the mountains
for ; a- -month. past,- but- 1 took. the appliance I pro-
cured of you along with me. Lave been using it
steadily and it helped me wonderfully. lam much
better in every way -than I have been for years.
There is \u25a0 no trouble about using Electro-Vigor, for
there is no bother about charging it, no necessity
of carrying vinegar or acid around with you. lam
able to appreciate the difference, for I . have yied
the old style vinegar belts. Yours very truly.
\u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0\u25a0- C. B. DOUGHERTY.
"Decidedly. My Electro- Vigor is a dry-cell bat-
tery. The patient does not have to charge it. " The
cells generate the current constantly, -and there is
nothing to do but put the appliance on and turn on
the current. You have no nasty 'vinegar, ill-smell-
PERSONAL.
I George B. Roberts, superintendent: of
the United States Mint at Washington,
D. C, Is at the St. Francis. \u25a0
John H. Johnson, Governor of the
State of Minnesota, arrived at the St.
Francis yesterday, accompanied by his
wife. M
Bernard Cunniff, a mining man from
Prescott, Ariz., is at the St. Francis.
J. E. McDowell, registrar of the
Stanford University, is at the Hotel St.
Francis. ' .:. - . \u25a0;^^-":
; , Henry Hitchcock, a, prominent lum
berman of Tacoma, accompanied by his
wife. Is at the Russ House. .
R.H.. Ingram, general superintend
ent of the -Southern Pacific Company at
Los Angeles, is spending a few days in
town. . •
H. W. j Montgomery of the Chicago
Tribune is at the Grand. • .; - '
Thomas 1 ; Fox. Postmaster at Sacra
mento, and his wife are at the Grand.
.L. J. Evans, a manufacturer of Napa,
is at the Grand.
W. B.'Pittman, a mining, man of
Tonopahr Is at the Grand.
Henry C. Torchlana, an attorney at
Watsonville, is at the Lick.
John Flnnell Jn, a lumberman of
Red Bluff, accompanied by his family,
is at the Lick.'
' Captain A. N. Walton of the trans
port Warren Is at the Occidental.
R. B. Marshall. A. H. Sylvester and
Francis E. Matthers of . the United
States Geographical Survey are at the
Occidental.
Analyze Inipure Olive OH.
.The Board of Health yesterday morn
ing received a sample of olive oil from
G. O. Ryden,: a dealer who some time
ago iclaimed ,her was' being unjustly
treated \u25a0 when his goods were declared
to be of inferior quality. Yesterday the
board found -that; Ryden'sioil contained
a large supply of cotton-seed oil _ and
therefore was . not the genuine article.
Lineman * Hurt \u25a0by Fall.
George " Dolan, a % telephone lineman,
fell from a pole near the corner of St.
Rose fand Point Lobos avenues yester
dayj'fracturingrhls hip. The man was
working ? at > ; the; top > of < the pole when
his climbing I irons ; , lost \ their hold and
he j fell* to >' the \u25a0 pavement. \u25a0 Dolan ' was
taken to the, Park Hospital, where his
injuries were treated by Dr. O. 3. * Ku
clch.-:- . \u25a0 \u0084 - \u25a0:-\u25a0..'
Tried to Poison Herself.
. Mrs. Margaret Slpe of 191 Russ- street
took .' lysol v with "; suicidal : intent , yester-^
day ; afternoon. Dr." Baumelster of 996
Folsom \u25a0 street vwas called In -. by j mem
bers of , the family 'and brought her out
of % danger. ; v Mrs. ; Slpel has \ f our ; young
children, and :ltj is c thought 'that * her
despondency .was due to the absence of
her: husband, 'a: barber,; who ; is 'out'' of
the city. ; in" search of ; work.
BpK \u25a0\u25a0 h h bVC H nH9 H B I
-' "I had trouble frith my bowels which made my
blood impure. 1 My face was covered with pimples
which bo external remedy could remove. - 1 tried'
your Caccareta and great was Imy joy when the
funplaa disappeared after a month's \u25a0 steady use.
have recommended them to all my friends and '
quite a few hare found relief." \u25a0• \u25a0 -
O. J. Pusch, 967 Park Are., New Tork City, N. Y.
gyi^^sP The Dowels
.'\u25a0yHb^. CAHa } r GAinUiPmG _"^^^
Pleasant, Palatable, Potent, Taste Good, Do Good,
Never Sicken; Weaken or Gripe. 19c. 25c, 50c. Never
\u25a0old in bulk. The genuine tablet stamped CC O.
Guaranteed to cure or your money back s-?v ':. ' .
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 600
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
Electro=yigor
"Tell me, doctor," said a well-meaning but
skeptical friend, "does this Electro-Vigor of yours
really restore youthful vigor and cure all these
nervous and stomach troubles as your advertise-
ments claim ?"
"I will answer that question positively, Yes;
and I want you to reason it out for yourself.
" Now, you understand, that all these troubles
which come under the head of lost vigor, ner-
vousness, stomach troubles, rheumatism and so
on, are simply an absence of human vitality.
You can see that."
(When orderingr, please refer to advertisement in The Calk)
RATE OF POSTAGE
ON
THE CHRISTMAS CALL
Domestic 6c
Foreign .... ... : . .lie
Domestic postage includes all
points in the United States,
Mexico, Canada, Hawaiian Isl-
ands, Philippine Islands, Porto
Rico and Guam.
Mail this sumptuous paper to
your friends in the East and
abroad. .
Stewart J. Taylor Is Mlsslnx.
Stewart J. Taylor of 660 Fell street
is missing from his home and custom
ary haunts. His friends state that he
would not . remain absent voluntarily
and fear that some mishap has befallen
him. A search of the hospitals and po
lice stations has proved fruitless. The
young man is 28 years of age. For sev
eral months he has been in the em
ploy of the San Francisco Gas and
Coke Company. §£39
Finger Blown OS by Explosion.
John Debovich, an employe at the
Globe Brass "Works at 128 Main street,
lost a finger on his left hand yester
day as the result of an explosion in. the
shop '.where he was '.working?. He was
treated at the Central Emergency Hos
pital. .-
I Pretty Roman Chair §
gj Manufacturer wanted money, had goods to trade l|
B $\u25a0\u25a0; f or t it, offered inducements •we couldn't withstand— il
Jn and neither can you when, you see this chair.: A very O
p| graceful." parlor .':pie r ce;-;imitation'.'mahb^riy,\.weU:pol-' p
Jm ished and upholstered in a variety of pretty \u25a0- designs. |h
h Would make a pretty, and appropriate Christmas p'res- Jw
H ent.' Just, one of many such bargains to be found I!
P| here. Worth double what \ve ask. •V\ Cf fa
S| Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, r|| i %J M
B ''THE HOW E FURNISH ERS II
1 A. B. Smith Company If
a. 128-132 Ellis Street J§
DR. HALL
Talks About His
ing and disgusting, no bother and no burning out
of the batteries. A vinegar belt burns out and it
cannot be replaced. If my cells wear out I can at-
tach new cells in a few moments and the battery is
as good as ever.
--"I will give $1000 for one of my Electro- Vigor
appliances" which will not last a year. Every one of
them is guaranteed to last, or if 'it does not I will
pay. this reward, and replace it with a new one free.
Lovelock, Nev.
Dr. Hall — Dear Sir: Electro-Vigor is the only cure
for rheumatism, and I am satisfied that no one suf-
fering: from that trouble can 'make a better invest-
ment than the purchase of one of your appliances.
I suffered' intense pain for two months before I
purchased your appliance, but went to work at my
trade as a carpenter within two weeks after I com-
menced the treatment. If there is anything I can
do to assist you in any way, to strengthen any suf-
ferer's faith in this treatment, do not hesitate to
call upon me. I will tell you that I took your treat-
ment against the advice of my friends and family.
who thought it on the same order as the usual run
of electric belts and treatments, but I have found
it very different, and will vouch for Electro-Vijor
at any time. Yours very truly,
TO R. CLARK.
"To chow how much better than vinegrar belts my
Electro-Vigor is, I will allow half of what was paid
for any vinegar belt in exchange for Electro- Vigor,
and I will guarante to give ten times the power of
any vinegar -belt on* the market.
"You can attach an Incandescent lamp to.Elactro-
Vigor and you will get a brilliant light. That shows
what power it has, and yet with the regulator this
power can be made as mild as you want It.
"I would like to show Electro-Vigor to any on©
who will call and see it. and will give a free test."
-SEND FOR MY F3EE BOOK
Which explains all about "Electro-Vigor" and tells
why it Is better than old-style vineger belts. It Is the
most beautiful work that has ever been devoted to
electric treatment. It will interest you, and as It tells
you my story in an honest, plain and candid \u25a0 way I
think you will like me better for havinsr read It. X
send it, sealed, free. If you will inclose this coupon.
INCLOSE THIS COUPON -WHEN WRITING.
S. C. HALL, M. D.,
. 1104 MarKet St, San Francisco, CaL %
Dear Sir: Please send me. prepaid, your free book,
"Electro-Visor." 12-17-5.
NAME
address ..;... .*...-. ::;j.
- \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0- - / v. • \u25a0 - .-\u25a0\u25a0-,.\u25a0 \u25a0 . . . .
SAURET PLAYS
IN A MANNER
THAT PLEASES
Lyric Hall was filled to its capacity
yesterday afternoon by an enthusiastic
gathering of music lovers who listened
to Emile Sauret render an excellent pro
gramme. Mr. Sauret was assisted by Ar
thur Speed, a pianist of merit.
, Mr. Sauret was heard In the works of
Beethoven. Brahms. Chopin and other
masters of musical compositions. The au
dience was generous in its applause and
the player was frequently called to re
spond to encores. Owing to the request
of the public it is likely that another
concert will be arranged. The lollowin* -^
programme was given:
Sonata, C minor. Op. 30, No. S Beetho- ,
yen), Allegro con brio* Adagio cantabile,
Scherzo, Finale, Mr. . Sauret and Mr.
Speed; Capriccio, B minor (Brahms) Rhap
sodic O minor (Brahms), air. Speed:
Concerto. A minor. Op. 63 (Dvorak), Alle
gro ma non troppo. Adagio. Allegro gio
coso. Mr. Sauret; Airs Hongrols (Ernst).
Mr. Sauret; Impromptu. Op. 29 (Chopin),
Polonaise brllliante. Op. 22 (Chopin). Mr.
Speed; Second Suite, Op. d (Schutt), Mr.
Sauret and Mr. Speed.
Get Iraay frith the Christmas Tree
Contest on paxes 4S and 49 and ovent
a bank account. $300 In cash aa«
prizes. •(entcmeri
\u0084-vv~-. ;: '^ ; /^y dainty -jk
J&f •-- -ij sentiment .A
£ lr£ c<lZ? T } t * waj ' of bestow- jS
% s^sarss^s"" oa reia - »
iT s i u f d tor any amount and p\
«U f^ od ln Bo Centemeri stores O'4
iX throughout the United States. -7S
4^ ..Ladles' Motjsquetaire Gloves,
j% different lengths, In srlaca and
\u25a0jJ Bue(le 2.00 to 4.00 jB-
J£ LAflles' Street Olores. in A?
t Place and suede. 1.50 to 0.50 &•
Ladle?' Silk Gloves J^
sOc to 1.25 'fi
\> French Kid Belts— «ome- \n
T* tmngr new 2.00JL1
M» Men's Gloves ror street and $£\u25a0
Pi dr€SS 1.75 and 2.00
S P. Ccntcmeri & Co. 2*
« 109 GRJLVT AYE. j£
2n Just above Geary St. /%
HIND, ROLPH & GO,
Ship Owners
Shipping and
Commission Merchants
SAN FRANCISCO SEATTLE
HONOLULU
AC EMS FOR
Island Line Shipping Co.
Hind-Rolph Steamship Co.
Haw! Mill and
Plantation/Hawaii
"Hebburn" Australian
House Coal
Headachy
Contains no brtmidet or heart depressing drugs.
Softer pf heart failure after using it.
It'seHcrvcicent, removes the can«e of headaches.
Acts pleasantly and above all heelthf ully.
Favored by Physicians and the Public
for more than 60 years.
At DreggUts, 60c and fi, or by man from
SHE TAEBAXT CO., 44 Hndson Street, X. T.
THEOCULARIUM
GOLD SPECTACLE ORDERS
From $5.00 upward
OPERA GLASSES
From $1.85 upward
KODAKS >
From $1.00 upward
HENRY KAHN & CO.
642 MARKET STREET
Dear Mother
Your little (met are a "*nttimt cafa xa
Fall and Winter weather. Ther will
cetch cold. Do you know about Shiloh's
CoTHßrmph'na Cure, the Lung Tonic, and
what it has done for to many ? It is said
to be the only reliable remedy for all
diseases of the air passages ia children.
It is absolutely harmless; and pleasant to
take. It is guaranteed to cure or your money
is returned. The price is 25c per bottle,
sad all dealers ia medicine sell
This remedy should be in erery hoasehold.
Sold by THK OWL. DHUG CO.. 1128
Market sL and 80 <scary st.
* THB \ ... ;
Los Angeles ; Times
! »AW FRAXCISCO OFFICH
is now* or
Room 41, Chronicle Bldg.
; Telephone 2£a1n.i472.
Arthur L. Fish, Representative
? The Times i» th« advertlsin«
medium Of th« Southwest
\u25a0^=^^^^=^^-z^ SliflitU Used
$10, $15, $20
'^^^^Spflffll SeCC!I(I SaEl
Ip&h* *zM\ Tfla mow? Wlere'
Wxrfr^ \fe^l' tH Ml s SWIM.'-ll
fcJ^fe*^^ -tie Window. .
tfrn^mM «» home :
SEWII.MBIIE CQ.
. - 1051 Market St.
HOTEL ST. FRANCIS °
• gnnday Ev«m>air Table d'Hotf.
Will i be; served In the white .-and: .
gx>ld room every Sunday Evening:
at 6:20 o'clock.
9ZJGO fur plate. Haber** Orchestra ' -
Reservations may be made with, ,
the Maitre d'HoteL
CARNEGIE USED
IN SHAW PLAY
One of Characters in "Major
Barbara" Drawn From the
American Iron Master
DRAMA TIRES AUDIENCE
Action of Piece Ceases to
Give Way to a Discussion
.of Irrelevant Sub j ects
Special Dispatch to Th* C&IL
LONDON, Dec. 16.— 1t is no exaggera"
tion to say that a more expectant audi
ence has seldom gathered in a London
playhouse than that which crowded the
Court Theater for the first performance
of George Bernard Shaw's much heralded
new play, "Major Barbara." A feverishly
interested audience, and an uncommonly
brilliant one, too, . which included •A. J.
Balfour. the former Prime Minister; Sir
Oliver Lodge and Dr. Jameson, leader of
the famous raid, to name only the best
known of the many celebrities present.
And no wonder • that 'JMajor Barbara"
was awaited with more than ordinary
curiosity, considering the extent to which
Shaw's work has dominated things of'
late. He has, of course, been more of a
figure than ever since the excitement in
the United States over "Mrs. Warren's
Profession," but before that the enormous
success of "Candida" and "Alan and; S
uperman" had made all the difference in
Bernard Shaw's standing as a dramatist.
Heretofore merely a brilliant faddist,
or a satirist whose lampoons were too
subtle to be intelligible, tne. tendency in
this country of late has been to acclaim
Shaw as a master mind, especially since
all the Intellectual world of London, head
ed by the King himself, went to see
"John Bull's Other Island." "What, then,
was the author's promised "discussion , In
three acts" to be like, to play; in • which
Annie Russell was brought all - the way
from the United States?
CARNEGIE WJTH A TROMBONE.
Well, "Major Barbara" proves to be
much of a piece with "John Bull's Other
Island," which failed at home because
there was too much talk In it and too lit
tle play. Still, American, playgoers can't
but be diverted by the Spectacle of An
drew Carnesie tooting a trombone at the
head of a Salvation 'Army, squad. For
there is no doubt that the millionaire
manufacturer of fighting .machines in
Shaw's new play Is Mr. Carnegie,.and lest
there should be any question about this he
is named "Andrew Undershaft" and Louis
Cal vert, who plays . the part at the Court,
Is carefully made up as ' the Laird of
Sklbo. *
Another character, a whisuy manufac
turer, "whose product is advertised on thf
Thames embankment," is obviously Sir
Thomas Dewer. Annie Russell plays the
part of the capitalist's daughter, Barbara,
who has joined the army "because she
wants to do good," and Shaw*« theme, so
far as it can be discovered, is the struggle
between the father's and daughter's ' re
spective creeds, his being the cynical one
that money and force accomplish every
thing, while hers is an abiding faith in
Christian charity.
About these two creeds and about all
Shaw's other favorite themes there is talk
interminable/though it goes without Bay
ing that much of it is highly brilliant.
But Shaw has broken his word to us, and
broken it in an unexpected way. He
promised "a discussion in three acts," and
recently warned "romantic playgoers"
that he had "thrown them over com
pletely" in writing his ; new piece.
But "Major; Barbara" is not^ merely; a
discussion and romantic playgoers are not
thrown' over completely, and -it is just
this circumstance that Inclines one to be
lieve that the latest Shavian farrago . will
share the fate of "John Bull's Other
Island" when it is produced in the United
States. For there Is Just enough real
play and real character drawing in the
first two acts of "Major Barbara" to
pique our interest and rouse our antici
pation, and then comes the long-winded
debate about everything from university
education to how the poor live which to-;
ward the finish puts even the ardent
Shaw admirer perilously close to the
yawn.
Beside the stage Carnegie with his,
trombone we have a prpf essor of Greek
pounding a bass drum, also in the serv
ice of the Salvation Army. He is Major
Barbara's lover, who has joined the
Booth forces in order to be near, her, but
who : ultimately becomes .the manager of
the factory where, her. father's death
dealing missiles are turned out. There
is, It appears, a tradition, ln the Under
shaft family; that its head shall always
adopt a foundling as his business suc
cessor, and owing to Andrew. Undershaft's
insisting on following this rule arid .dis
inheriting his own son, he and his wife
have quarreled and separated several
years* before the play o.pens.
LONG , DISCUSSIONS VAT END.
The.Undershaft girls, however, Barbara
and Sophie," need .'wedding portions, so
the father' of .. the ;; house : is : summoned
back" and in the first ' act \we have ' him
calling: at; Lady" Britomart Undershaft's
house and being "Introduced" to hla own
daughters. Taken wlth'the: girl whose
religious tendencies : have • led her; to be
coinfi &j major In the Salvation Army, the
millionaire proceeds to draw her . out,* and
here; there begins: the struggle ; between
Ihe two." Barbara- ia convinced .{t hat \u25a0 a"
visit \\o \ her Salvation Army "shelter"
will injr»ress her father with the fallacy
I The best known' and safest
remedy before the public to-day
for curing Sour Stomach,
Heartburn,, Nausea,
Bloating, Poor Appetite,
I nd iges tlon, p^spepsia^
Chi I Is. Colds or i>la la r ia ,
Fever arid A^ue is the
I Bitters. A- trial \ will con-^
vince" you of its merit- Start
b-day. };
nnn CUC UC Qyvoß. barbers; \u25a0•ba£*
•BKU. blliib \u25a0s&x^ssffigtogi
' bre were, ' bookbinders, candy . makers, cannert, t
dyers, i flour ; mills,: foundries, ' laundries - paper-
baceere, printers,* painters,', shoe j factories, st*-* <
blemen, U*-r00f«r».1* i t4nners;« tailors,' etc.;- v>.
: . \u25a0/ i':^' '"::'\u25a0 buchajtaa-jbros^- \u25a0/:_/;..;;;;/
Bnuh M«aafafiturer».«o9 Saerameato ' «•'.
. - . . , , ...... > '
* THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 1 / 17; f1905.f 1905.
The Largest Exclusive ' Cloak and Suit House in California.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST. S§^ ; .
and Useful...
BETTER QUALITY AMD LOWER
PRICES THAN ANY WHERL\
ALL NOVELTY TAILOR GARMENTS at Reduced Prices,
ENTIRE FUR DEPARTMENT to be CLOSED OUL<
ALL FUR JACKETS at ; New York; Wholesale Cost. " ;
ALL FUR CAPES and: Collarettes, } -3 less than Wholesale Cost.
AHrFurStoles and Fur Boas at Less Than Lowest Market Prices.
Tailnr Empire Coats .... $10 to $^5
NoYdty:Eton Suits .^ Children's Coats at $s^s6, $7^50;
• -\u25a0--;• \u25a0 $17. 50 to $40 $8.00, $10 and :.-:. $12.50
Velvet Suits ..... $3O to $35 e| .. f I Qi;- f V
EmplreSttits......slstos2^ oKirtSl OKIftS.
JacketSuits -,.::.,$ 15 to $35 Dress Skirts. ..... -s4^to;s 15
Long Coat Suits . . $15 to $50 Etamine Skirts;, $8.50 b $35
Dress Coats : -> . . ;$2O to $50^ SUk Skirts . . . . $7.50t0 $25
Covert Coats $12.50 to $25- Panami Qoth Skirts, $s;to $15
Cravenette Coats,.'.: $10 to $25 Rainy Day Skirts, $2i5Q to $10
1230^1232=1234 MARKET STREET, NEAR JONES
\u25a0\u25a0IiaHBBBBaHaBBBBBBBHBBiBBHQBBBaaaHBisBBaBiaaBIBH
H', ;i -/ . it & a
I TO COME TO US FOR \u25a0
| Sensible Holiday Presentsf
g We sell the newest styles, combined with good quality and cor- Jj
g reet tailoring at \u25a0 ' - \u25a0 g
g WHOLESALE PR.ICES O \u25a0
q $35.00 KOVELTY TAILOR SUITS we sell at. . ...... ... . . . .$25.00 5
Q $25.00 LONG COATt SUITS we sell at: ;.:$17.50 a
B $20.00 BOX COAT; SUITS /we 5e11at':. . ..:;....... ..:. .::^13;50a
1 $15.00 EMPIRE STYLE COATS are priced. . . :. . . . /. . . . . . $10iO0 \u25a0
™ "$17.50 COVERT. CO ATS/are priced ..........;:. :^l2^sog
S $18.50 COVERT: COATS are^priced.:. . . ...:.. ....... .... ;.v.JpI3;SOS
2 $as.tx) DRESS COATS :are priced .....? :;^s2O.Oog
H CHILDREN'S and MISSES' COATS at PRICES/; a
\u25a0 ...:.;...^:..; : ;;:V....... .........„.:. V;..?i2. 50 to $12.50fl
I - \u25a0 :/;./V.L,iC:"RiJ.RS/': .' \u25a0 Wmm "i
S 1 FUR JACKETS, FUR CAPES, FUR STOLES AND FUR SETS \u25a0
g AT WHOLESALE PRICES. H
&r^ 1140-1142 Market Street I
HBHBHHBaBBBBeaBaEBBgHBSaEBHEBBEEESggEBBBBBEggsS
of his creed that might makes right,
while: he' merely, exacts; a .promise 'from
her that \ she will* afterward pay, a visit
to his; explosives sheds,' his;^model;.work
men's village and Jthe: rest Vof-; his j plant/
That is the '? end ; of - the " first '\u25a0> act, I and
the second, with its life-like picture of
the /'army", shelter, is really, uncommonly
Interesting \ and • dramatic. \ C Andrew'Un
dershaft •• arrives ":, with Barbara 'and meets
several of the converts, - but : what ; he"; gets
out of : them is ; not' favorable *to V his
daugrhter's beliefs. . : These "i converts, by
the way, are "among the ; best : character
studies that Shaw I has " given ,: us, ; one ?of
them,"' *a : slum :{" bully, ; being ' as truly 1 ; a
character as ' the chauffeur,; in ; "Man - and
Superman."
Meanwhile, . however,: -the wealthy
brewer already mentioned *; has offered
the shelter a " : . handsome. l.7 check which
Barbara* refuses, '.objecting/ to :- the means
by which the money has been' made. ! But
her superiors 'overrule ; the ; , girl, and
furthermore accept -a ./substantial '-1 con
tribution : from :. the : manufacturer '.^ of "war
'. implements,' and so 1 Barbara* resigns
gustedly,, while .; Undershaft 'proceeds \ to
lead ;» forth ; a';' detachment '• of t the \u25a0"< "army,"
himself . playinffHhe^trombone.^and if ol
io wed 'by - Barbara's j lover," the erstwhile
pedagogue,' with! the big. drum.' .:' - : V
There the play, as such, ends. All the
rest Js >" talk— talk ..about '; Salvationlsm,'
"Whigglsm, . the/ press/; alconol,'. charity;
Donizetti's : music, 'English^ slang and
matrimony.' At^tbe - endi-it'.is |true, f
know , that the capitalist : has .won/ /and^
that v ßarbara ' is ] a. '• convert , ; to i his 'ideas,"!
butYthen iwe ido ; not /care" greatly,"'! for! we
are I rather ; fatigued -; by.) the ' long-winded
ness; of the: author, /who i/as > one of his
best ; friends^ remarked JtheVother.? day/ isj
always,; amusing but j: not - amusing V for
qiiite : , so/ long: as -he ? ; supposes/: /'
\u25a0 • — — : — \u25a0 » \u25a0 — \u25a0 — — " \u25a0'. \u25a0
WAR : DEP^ RT3IENT; TO : MOVE
BODIES TO NEW CEMETERY
Remain* . Interred at . Fort \u25a0 Suniner . Are
to ' Be - Raised aud Sent to
7 Santa Fe. : .
SANTA FE,N/\ Mm j Dec;/ 16.-r-6rders
; were7 received :here;-ycsterdayi from (the
War ; Department , to remove the/ 260
bodies -Interred rat:Fort?Sumrief;Natldn- !
al jCerheteryiln:this(clty, s ?andlbids were*
asked'for doing; this! work;,? Fort; Surii-^
nertwas!;a t military?post>from" 1865 ; to
1870, "and: the 260 in % its? cerne-'
tery, are not'onlyithoselof 'soldiers,* but
also? of /settlerslkilledCbyJlndiahs.'r'The
iWestern^ Rail way "of ,; New] Mexico ?i8 be
lng;bulltiyla\lhlsVbld(fort;vand-near it
the'; new ' town •* of Sunnyside ? has 'been
laid out. ,/. \u25a0'\u25a0''>.'-'' '\u25a0' I;- ;V'-"j '/\u25a0'\u25a0:' rr,-y"'r--^..^---:!r r,-y"'r--^..^---:!
Fufeltlve ; Murderer Is ; Captured.
- SALT \u2666 LAKISJCITT^Utah; f- T>ec^l6^l-
Robert , . Foleom, ,; alias/; : 4'Bod\' ££ Davis/: i
.wahted : at ; Durant,*: Ihd iani.Ter ritory; uri^ i
der/a" charge-of ? murder, /was 'arrested'
here, last night, ;?Folsom: forfeited |ai
$8000 J bail and went I from J Durant to
Arizona. •'?: Since , then] he] haafbeen -traced
all |over] the .West^belnKTcapturedl here/
whero'he/ has, been/working with^acbn^
struction outfit " ' '$$$&&\u25a0
San Francisco Typographical
\u25a0 - I •'; "I:. 21 \u0084:: [r
8 Hours . ftrzinA 8 Hours
work urana Rest
..Benefit.
Entertainment
and Dance
|iii^/n/crna//ona/ |iii|
.irUndn:Jßr* % \W > •
f/af/i/e SonsY
|;i:l Tuesday' Evening, Jliil
liijV l December 19, Jfcffl
Admission: so cents *
-,-We will <£vWe the day' into three equal part*, :
whereby _ we find eieht hours (or our usual avocations, :
eight hours for refreshment and sleep and eight hours
for. recreation end to relieve the datreaed. ' ; .
i- wombn ; sTaum^ryln*Til}^ II :
ALLIED)? PRINTING' - fM'
;i . trades s council-; ;/ ™». '\u25a0:, [j
- . • - . \u25a0• ..
\u25a0 /_</: -.- • •\u25a0•-\u25a0..-\u25a0• .-j •-'-\u25a0^! \u25a0
" .-...,•;.\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0•:\u25a0 • \u25a0•..-•-;-^2<\^t3J^W...-. .-.
- mBSm/gfigHg^^Kr -6| m *J Prt««».1 1 i i
y IBfflßEn ?^"*J "c a n '"'' mhovr •
. i \u25a0 line on the ;
Ort«of MrA ;c»£» Coast -;- and
SatnoJe*. iOnlyi dO "a^e; iTou
;.:\u25a0\u25a0 -.-.;,=\u25a0; ;•\u25a0":- ' V. -- \u25a0 ,-r:V-~- \u25a0-.( • money.- You '
1 can do I best I at ; the , factory. ,-;;;.«.;?
i Phone \u25a0E»it\oSOt4^^ ' '
Week ; Commencing j This Aft. Dec? 17
A Vaudeville Revel !
Greatest Roman Ring '"Artists. .
CLAYTON ;~ MATTltii
KENWJEOY and RO3Np
Presenting THeir . Latest" Comedy " Euc-
" ; cess. ."THg HAPPY., MEDIUM.'^ %
HAIIJEE VtSTON -
\u25a0/\u25a0 ; The ': EJmi nent % Mezio-Soprano. .• ; 1
H RETAINED ! JBY REQUEST. , "'>
HENGtER|SISTERS
\u25a0- '\u25a0 •Artistic!* Singers \u25a0 and '\u25a0} Dancers.".."'
RAYMOND LOTTIE
vFINLAW^URKE-
. Presenting Their Odd Conceit. "Stage-
.:.'•••, ;<"\u25a0.. land {Satire. V : . ; ( \u25a0. '.\u25a0•
i PAULO^andIMARLOW
:In Theif»*-' BparkllngV •• Novelty, "A
.";/ ' ;-.'\u25a0 -,;. FRENCH. FRAPPE." .-< \u25a0 .'-:\u25a0
iBEIiLCUIRE BROTHERS
/•.Herculean .'. Exponents "of \u25a0;\u25a0 Physical
.-'';:\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0. \u25a0%': : . \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 Culture. \u25a0•:\u25a0*. v .'.: \u25a0'. \u25a0'. ; .
ORPHEUM MOTION PICTURES
S. . Showineithe' Latest ; NoveHies.-: ' :
\u25a0'C Last r Week '\u25a0\u25a0 of < the Laughing Successes. :
v GRACE
ITHORKE and CARLETON
' -: " The 'American Jesters.
/ ' Regular.: Matinees : Every Wednesday.'
' .Thursday, Saturday; and Sunday. ; ,-.
: "*;/ Prices— loc. , 25c and v 50c.v; J-, .
'\u0084: Coming for the Holidays! The . *\u25a0;
:Gr6at]orpli6um Road; Show!!!
. Matinees < Christmas " arid^ New
<- ;"-v; "-v ! !rV ; . i \rv .'.,.--- Tear"».; \u25a0.»•'.. ; •.••;,;;, ••'
Irigleside
Coursina
EV/ERY
Beginning at 11:30 Saturday
j and 10:30 Sunday
JOHN W. 5UTT0X .............. JuAs*
HARK Y BIUKRA Y I '.. . .. .. . .... . Slipper
:./;• Guerrero-st. : cars direct : to Park .f or oat, far*. ;
ACADEMYOF SCIENCES HALL
. Market" St.; bet. Fourth and .Fifth.
THE CALIFORNIA^PROMOTION - COMMITTEFS*
•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 LECTDpS ON;CALIFQRNIA:
Dally from 2 to 4 d. "m. .(except; Sunday).-'
Illustrnted , by ' 3l«s;>ilfieent - Siereoiitleon
\-' • ;.- y ietrit . and .Movlnjr_ Plol ure«. • '
Week Commf ncine ; DECEMBER .ISTII
V SANTA CLARA COUXT Y t'' V '
Presented ; by, M.'. l. "Jordan, from 2 to 2:3o. '\u25a0'\u25a0".'"
SAX JOA<IUIX -COUJfTY;
' ' Presented -. by ;B. \ Br6wn, 2 :30 to 3. •
' ; /\u25a0\u25a0 ' : AIiAMED At CITY ' .''
Presented by John s H. : '. Hartog,"^ 3 . to ,3:30.
'-..'. •-'. '-..* ."admission '^ free.-V :
Racing! '
iw -MA MM
:cil§ p§ v Gl| i
JN6LESWE RACE TRACK
".Asix- or more /races i'each* week' day. -\u25a0 rain Voe
ihine.^ißaces commence at 2'p." m.'! sharp; -Take'
street :: caf s*; from f any,';, part sof % the f city. * For
special I trains | stopping ' at the 5 track take •• S.- P.*
train- at |3d J and JTownsend i sts. 1 * at •; 1 :16? p.'-.'m.'
Returning.*: train 'leaves, track 'alter laat'raee'a,"*
\u25a0 i i,THOMAS ? H.'t«WlLLlAMS."i President.* *
|]y PERCY J W.^TREAT.'i Secgetary. :' : \u0084 '.
\u25a0.:->.-^\u25a0--.\u25a0,- \u25a0— \u25a0 -^.--. ,-— \u25a0^— \u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0..\u25a0:-.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•;
;:;,:<.:,'.;; \u25a0MiSCELL.ANEXJUS/vv i^;.;
*•>\u25a0 •' \. •---\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 : .~ \u25a0' \u25a0 -> \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•"". \u25a0. - \u25a0;•-. •\u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•
-'"- : \u25a0 j \u25a0 -.\° \u25a0 .*\u25a0 '\u25a0 * '*. \u25a0'\u25a0- -' ' - \u25a0 - - ' \u25a0-'\u25a0 \u25a0 *-i- I-
THE PAL4CE HOTEL for best cooking.
iTH E \ PALACE] IIOTEIrfoVquickest wrvic c :
THE PALACE ( KOT EL for finest music.
I jTHE PifLLACEfKOTcL Tfor modem comforts
I
-• : ' . '\u25a0 \u25a0 :'.\u25a0' : a \u25a0\u25a0'.- -\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0. ' •'-'-
=\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 c: y- ',;\u25a0: ;V; V '\u25a0 ;.\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0-•\u25a0:. ; . ,
BAJA CALIFORNIA
f^^fSIGH'EAT*,? KEBTORATI V K*j> IS vlaO*HA?t
atoriand-Nervine.^*l|gS^W«?%J"; ; :v' . \u25a0. \u25a0 -
M The! most % wonderful * aphrodiaiac 1 and r Special
kTonlcf for i the I Sexual 3 Oritans.^ for i both • sexes;:-^'
j£*-The^ Mexicnn « Remedy^ fori 5 Diteaaea g of £ the •
; Kidneys ! and \u25a0> Bladder.** Sells ; on its own ' merits, i
*i«e!iNABER.TALFS?&|BRUNE.TAEentB... -
.J i 523 Market tt.,\ S. \u25a0 F.— ( Send j for ., Circular.l * ;
lalTtiii \u25a0\u25a0ihHII HiTMlft*Tti-^TilHi.-rr -\u25a0-''• \u25a0..,.\u25a0\u25a0 . .. w- ._> -- -, . .-r \u0084 .- . , .".
fl«'i • • • • • • » • • •»«»•»-»- «•\u25a0»»*»•«»•»»-•-»•»••••••»•••*•••
[ GRAND QPERA-BDUSE
IMMENSE SUCCESS
; America's Greatest Tragedienne
'\u0084'.- ... '• "\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 / . t •••\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0- - -\u25a0"-\u25a0\u25a0-: - \u25a0 - \u25a0 y.. \u25a0 , \u25a0 . . .\u25a0 . . -
* Last Time of
'\^HEjmffmsM^ST-.J<yHiS;
TO-MORROW; and TUESDAY NIGHTS and M M fk >^ f^ VI
;! WEDNESDAY MATINEE. ...... . . : IYI JTTL%Jt LJ Jr\
CWEDNESDA Y.THURSDAY Nights gTS'"/g njf ¥ I ¥ CT
! and Saturday matinee. . .\u25a0.\u25a0\^''A\jtVl.M t J^J^EIlf
h FRIDAY^ SATURDAY D-^jr :W'-'^JW J\ <CJ ESP *TH JLJT
i'lfand SUNDAY NIGHTS "E^Mm*I : JLmS i r\ :^3EZt^l- :: M^.
1 In active preparation. Manrtce :^lae- MONIVA VANN A AVith MISS ty^TEII*
! : ' '• terl lnck'g'. dramatic ' masterpiece *'*V*i*}Jl. TiUUltt . fa. tne name part
PRICES/ 25c, 50c, 75c, $Uo6. BOX ,SEATS,SI.Sq.)
\ O« >«»\u25a0 '• '» *» • • • • • • m »'\u25a0«•* \u25a0*• • • • • ;•*• • • • » "-•-"» »••••'•• •• '•••'• • <\u25ba• •
j EMILE SAURET
« • The Worid-Renowned Violiriisti !
1 ARTHUR SPEED,
!*=' The Distinguished Pianist,
§ AVho^gavethtee concerts in San;' .'. Francisco last ' VT
"week, are members of the faculty- of the
I Chicago Musical Gpfleg^ !
$':\u25a0\u25a0.'.'"":''' '.. ..." " ". ': '. .••;".:"•/• ;/ j
i For catalogue with full; information address
.8; CHICAGO MUSICAL COLLEGE/ Dr; F.
Ziegfeld, President, College Building; \u25a0'-'\u25a0 Michigan '
g • Boulevard, Chicago.' ;;' i
BUSH STR EET; • i
CHAS.*' P. HAIjI^ ' Procrietor • and
r- , ! ManaeeT.-/,Pfcoß« Matn..l2J.
FAREWELL PERFORMANCES..
TO-DAY MATINEE and EVENIN'O, of
MINER' S MERRY \BORLESQUERS
Commencing TO-MORROW EVENING."
• ALL WEEK.
Matinees " Tuesday.^' Friday. - Saturday
-'..-; '• and: Sunday. ',-: .
..Frank B.'Carr'a Famons Extravagania :
'\u25a0' - * ; . Company, . ' ;
"Th 3 THOROUGHBREDS" 1 !
> Including, the' -FoUowing 1 Tainted .\u25a0 ii
': :\u25a0;. > ArtlßU:||p|BqpßP|l I
THE LAURENTS. Europe" a Greatest K<
\u25a0\u25a0 ..- >i-c L.-J- , i Novelty I Act. "\u25a0\u25a0-..*;/ 'Hi
HENRY AND FRANCIS in the one-Act H '
Comedy. "THE ?iEW JANITOR."* •-' \u25a0 I
The Wood Dealer and tne Kid, NIBLO a j
:• AND REILLY. Buck- Wing and Gro- H
', tesque Danclne.i"." \u25a0•\u25a0* '•* Hi
ORLETTA AND TAYLOR, in "LOOK- H
ING FOR MISFORTUNE." §1
' WILLIE WE3TON, ; Imitations oC Pop- X
. ular Actors.^ .' . rj
MLLE LA TOSKA, Contortionist. -,- 51
WASHBURN'AND FLYNN,' theAnl- |3
3 . meted ; T^vo. • '\u25a0 H
CHAS. - DOUGLAS-HARRY McAVOY. H
The Two Funny . Men. * M
25— PRETTY GIRLS IN TWO EX- Eg j
X , -TRAVAGANZAS— 2S. fi j
POPULAR ' PRICES — Evenings. , 15c, |
25c. 35c. 50c, 75c. 'A1l Reserved. ||
\u25a0 - Matinees,- 25 cents: Reserved. i\
Christmas Week— "THE BROADWAY H
GAIETY GIRLS." M
THIRD AND LAST WEEK BEGINS .
:TO-N|G:H/P
. SPECIAL 'MATIN EB THURSDAY./
/ In Addition to' the * Regular : Sat. Matlne#. . ".
"Studentsdon't marry— they Just fool around.V,
' Henry 1 -W-: Savage Offers George Ade" 3
. . . Greatest Success,
THE: *
&:O:'Lk:EG E
Last Time Next ' Saturday Night.
BEGINNING ' ' fT\ f=T 'rfT^' [ CE
CHRISTMAS.NIGHT =— * *~^> _ >- "/ l*~
? CHARLES FROHMAN Presents - >
IN HIS GREATEST HIT -
THE AMERICAN LORD
' SEAT SALE BEGINS THURSDAY./
ft T *~\ tk'h/ \u25a0'\u25a0 A T^ Belasco & Mayer.'
A 8 H A/ A X Proprietor*. 5.
Akhi %J 'A'£jJ±l\ E. D. Price.
\u25a0^ \u25a0-..". General Manager.
MATINEE TO^AY^^NIGHT
V The Most" Delightful of^Comedtes, ,'; . . ;
The SECPET OFPOLICHINELLE
TO-MORROW* nTgHT-^ONE '• WEEK. . [ /
\u25a0t:-.'Just to Make ; You Laugh." \u25a0' "•<.'\u25a0
BROWN'SINTOWN
Ev<=.s.V 25c i to. 7scV Mats.; .Sat.r Sun.," 25c/to 50c.:
•v :*Dec.*2s :; rWith'Xmas" Day .Matinee. .
./.. Mark v.Twaln'a :; 18th: Century Idyl. . '-"
The Prince^aiuiithc fPauper ;
i GORGEOUS HOLIDAY /PRODUCTION./ ;,;
liiiiiil
Cor.? of Edd y and •• Jones • st »V ! i Phone • East -18T7. •
:,.-• -BELASCO & MAYER. Proprietorai ".
Last" .Times To-day, _/ Matinee*'; arid ' NlghC, of
! / V Count TotstoI's;^RESURRECTION."*" -/
I Commencing! 4 TO-MORROW /EVENING.-'/ EVENING.-' '"
! .-\u25a0-•^/;VV./^VALXriWEEK,: ; : ...-.-; v^ ' : /
! Matinees -Saturdays arid- Sunday,"'
! Superb Revival of, Mrs. ; Henry .Wood's. Drama,
" E AST L YNNB " . , :
With Belasco *& : Mayer's \u25a0 Stock ' Company.
Christmas -p Week— ROBERT >-\u25a0 FITZSIMMONS. '
' - the -Ring .^Champion, *in '
"A FIGHT / FOR ; LOVE/; >
POPULAR PRICES-^Evenlngs. 10c to 60c'
; : . ; Matlne«3.>lCfc. 15c. 25c.
Roller iing!
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 \u25a0 ' . - '-.5 . . \u25a0 -. \u25a0 F " .^"^
Mechanics' Pavilion Rink.
fXBiM^TOKtfIJSfr?!? l SW!ffS^2o' CENTS .
U* Rob Roy
' BeylnnJn* TQ-MORROW NIGHT
Grand ; Christmas Eitravagranza
lORPHEIJS
I IN HADES
( Maarnlflcent Scenery and HatacfctV:
i GORGEOVS COSTCiTES.
J Cast TTUh the Full Strength of Our \u25a0 New
I Company. -
"-- BEAUTimTL GIRL CHORUS.
J.ew Songs. Specialties. Ballets. Marches. Eta.
A TREAT FOR TOUNG AND OLD CHIL-
.*. \u25a0' - DREN. " •• - '
Resular Marine* Saturday.
SPECIAL MATINEES Next • Sunday * ChrUt-
maa and New Tear's Days.
MR. VT. L. GREENBAUM Presents '*
AIOCE WIELSEW
And Her Italian Opera Company ln
DON PASQUALE"
Tuesday Evehlnj. December 2« and San-
day Afternoon. December 31. Seats, |2 $150.
11—30 cents. - Ready Thursday.
Rfl ft IT OTin »• w* eisas?,
MAJtd HG
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES. \
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-DAT.
25c EVERT WHERE. . \u25a0 '.
CHRISTOPHER, JR.
. TUESDAT. DEC. 19. '
WBM " TIIE NEILLS IN *
A Massive Production of
, "IPIWEHE KIXG."
Sothern's TrJiMnch.
Evenings— 2sc. 30c. 73c. Sat. Mat 25c SOoL '
Bargain Mat*. Thurs. and Sun.. 23e everywhere.
GRAND OPENING
. SATCRDAT EVE.. DECEMBER . 23. ,i
/ Entirely' Renovated and Redecorated. /
\u25a0 First ; Time, in" San Francisco. ."
The Stnpendotia Dramatic • Trttimpli, -
THE EYE WITNESS
By Lincoln J. Carter.
• r , \u25a0 *-/*. ( Brand ." New . Company. * Inclndlmt \u25a0
\u0084 -'.Elmer Booth and Marie Howe. '
.' ;•- Seats) *on ;t; t Sale , .Beginning \u25a0 Ttt*sday. .
.i POPULAR PRlCES— Evenißgs.'" l(te. -13c. 23e,
35c. 50c \u25a0: and * T3c. Sat.' and Sun.* Mats., 10c,
15c and 23c \u25a0. ; : ,~ •'-
THIS AFTERNOON at ("3., TO-NIOHT at «t
'^ '^ Nio -A Intermissions. .' ij vi^"
Last Tlmesi'of ! -Both**li,' Browne's: Japanese
• - v\u25a0\u25a0 - » - /?: Musical E&ctmya«ranza. • „
PBINCESS:PAN'TAN
'-' \u25a0, ' Conurienctn* : Monday 'Matlcee .
CLEOPATTRA-V^tp-Datc
.'.'\u25a0'":: SCO ..Children on the " : Stake.
FL'N AND- FROLIC FOR.TOUNO AND OLDI
'\u25a0; - \u25a0\u25a0- OPEN 'AIR ATTRACTION.
i-.<' BARNES" DIVING ELK 9.
ADMISSION..:.... 10c | CHILDREN 3«
pOEXTRAGONCERTS!
WEDNESDAT; EVENING, ; Dec 20, and Sat*
' , urday Arternoon. Dec. 23. ,
EMILE.SAURET
f ; The ' Great ; French .Violinist.
ABTffiSTsPEED
Pianist,
atlyrijcmAll
I COMPLETE NEW PROGRAMMES! :
- iPopulariPrices-^-SOdi Popular iPrices-^-SOd .to »1 50. 3eau Ready
Tuesday Morning at Sherman, . Clajr A i Ofc'a. )\u25a0>
where Programme* May Be OMalast
6970
STORE OPEN EVENINGS 1
I LAST WEEK TO MAKE I
CHRISTMAS SELECTIONS
Great Assortment of Ready-to-Wear "Articles |
Suitable lor Christmas Gilts lor Ladies, Men and 1
Children, We mention below a lew ol the |
] Many Articles Special Priced lor This WeeK I
Sale of Waist Patterns 1
] A full waist length, put up in a fancy box, tied with silk ribbon, H
|j rariety of new materials and colors: ' m
[I Special Priced at Si.QO, 51.25, $1.59, $1.75, 51.95 and f . 2.25 Pattarn 1
t 75c Fancy Wool Plaids 49c Yard 1
1 1 New bright colorings for waists and children's dresses,' 38 ra
B- to 45 inches wide, reversible -and silk strides. Special, yard. . *Tpy H
ij 50c English Shepherd Checks 25c Yard 1
\* Soft finished quality, 40 inches wide,' .."small 'and medium "QCn g
f>] size checks in black and white. Extra special, yard 'ZwU-*'ra
I Spedals-WAIST DEPARTMENT— SpeciaIs 1
j $3.50 Fancy Waists $r.95 |
f I They come in fancy Mohairs, Albatross and Nun's Oi QC M
j Veiling. All colors and all sizes. Special . .' Ollww If
i ] $8.50 Fancy Waists $5.75 ' _ I
D In Chiffon Taffeta, lace yo^e, black or white, also all- O P "7C \u25a0 f|
j } over lace, in cream and. white. .Special Owl lOn
I Silk Pettiqoat Sale ' 3
fg $550 Silk Petticoats, black or colors. Special. ... 83.95 1
1 1 $8.50 Silk Petticoats, black or colors. Special. $5.95 ... |
li $10.50 Silk Petticoats, black or colors. -''Special! . \u0084' f ...97.35 |
|| $15.00 Silk Petticoats, black or; colors. Special. .J \u0084..^9.85 I
$3.50 Hand-Embroidered Silk Muff lers $2.50 1
I Suitable Christmas gift for men, beautiful floral de- Qft Pft B
I signs, hand-embroiderea," ij4 yards long. . Special.... ..:. OZIvU if
J $3.00 Lace Cape Collars $1.50 |
|i t.ace collars, so much. in demand .this season, extra n< p n t|
Lj large size, in cream and Arabian.. Special ||
j Men's Initial Handkerchiefs |
(| $2.00 box of six, $1.50. Gents' . Pure Linen Initial Handker- |
i chiefs, hand-embroidered, useful gift. Special, box of six (ft | Pft a
\u25a0 ; ................. : : ....... 51.3U 1
I > Men's . Initial Handkerchiefs |
1] $1.00 box of six, 75c. Gents' Initial Handkerchiefs, beauti- 7r« I
1 1 fully embroidered initial, j4-inch hem. Special, box of six. .•.' | Q|| ||
U Ladies' Initial Handkerchiefs 1
1) $1.00 box of six, 75c. Ladies' Initial Handkerchiefs, in 1li n §1
M neat fancy box, fine embroidered initial. Special, box of six. . fQR S
M Ladies' Initial Handkerchiefs 1
| j $2.00 box of six, $1.50. Ladies' Pure Linen Initial Of rft I
I] Handkerchiefs, hand-embroidered. Special, box of six.. OilOU I
Children's Initial' Handkerchiefs I
lj 25c box of three, 19c. Children's Initial Handkerchiefs, (Qn 1
in fancy boxes, will please any child. Special, box of three. . ||j[| 1
I Ladies' Kid Gloves 3
] Our famous brands of "Columbia" or "Peerless"— every woman H
S knot's them. They are guaranteed and fitted. If in doubt as to S
f| size, give a Glove Order. &S. M
jj Columbia Ol rtfl Peerless ffk i p n ||
. per pair OIIUU P er P air - •••••• OIIUU *§
II $1.50 Ladies' Fancy Combs 75c I
I] Ladies' Fancy Back or Side Combs, beautiful filigree Tr. I
(I work, in gilt mounted, large assortment. Special | Q(J |
$2:50 Ladies' Sweaters $1.75 1
Ladies' All-Wool Knit Sweaters, in low or. high neck, A< "7p |
in nzvy, white, cardinal or black. Special Olifw I
75c Ladies' Fascinators 50c I
•All-Wool Fascinators, good size, all colors. Special... T.. Pfl^ N
••• wUu r3
$2.00 Imported Wool Shawls $1.50 I
Ladies' fine All- Wool Imported Shawls, extra heavy, Oi Cfl m
in blue, pink and gray, very large. Special - $||QU H
I $1.50 Ladies' Crochet Slippers $ I :OO Pair I
Ladies' All-Wool Hand-Crocheted Slippers, trimmed Qi rtfl 1
with ribbons, all sizes, good* colors. Special, pair. -UIIUU 1
$1.75 Fancy Velour Pillows $1.00 - |
Beautiful Velour Pillows, with fancy* stitching arid Cl rtfl 1
Battenberg edge, complete and ready f0r'u5e. :..:."..:\u25a0.:.. /OIIUU P
Purchase Your Glove or Merchandise I
Orders, good at any time, at 1
Stravss & Frohman^s, 105-107-!O9 Post St., 1
In Northern New Zealand recently a
native woman deserted her husband and
ran away with another man. A native
court fined the deserted husband horses,
cattle and money for "lack of marital
authority in not being able to retain his
wife."
BECAUSE! you can not make
your wife happier than by giv-
ing her for Christmas a
Byron Mauzy Piano
The Piano that won the Gold
Medal both at St. Louis and
Portland In , competition with
the highest grade Pianos of
th« world.
COMES and pay a small de-
posit >o\V and the Piano is
hers.
Invest! grate this.
Open evenlngrs.
BYRON MAU2Y
CtC!U*NPI».HO PUVTW AOMMfR PIANOS
BVftOft «*.U2Y PIANOJ
308*312 FoarJfc. J^n Francuco .
*10S3 Market Street. .
LABORER LOSES
LIFE IN SEWER
Stephen Podesta Is Prowned
Like Eat While Working"
in Maiiliole on Fifth Street
Faulty methods pursued \u25a0 by the ' Board
of Public Work's seem to ;be responsible
for the death , yesterday of t Stephen Po
desta, a laborer employed by the city on
sewer work. Nothing was knowri of an
accident having "befallen the unfortunate
man \u0084 until fellow workmen found i his
drowned body in . a manhole/ on Fifth
street, between Howard and'Folsom. .The
body was discovered shortly before noon. c .
He had been seen at work about a'half
hour previously/IBjSHB9
-It is known that Podesta . went r down
into the manhole,* opposite 278 Fifth street.
He took some sacks with him for the pur
pose of making a dam for the water that
was in the sewer, and it' is ; believed that
haying been rendered unconscious '", by
sewer gas he fell Into the: sewer and was
drowned. No' one had been: put] on guard
at the manhole, as j there ,. should . have
been. "<sSSSHggBp
' J. Christiansen, Podesta's working part
ner, inquired of James Flaherty and Wil
liam Sheppard, ' who \. were a
manhole , opposite 318 'i Fifth street, 1 .what
had become .of Podesta;: Am > he . .was
speaking the : dead \ body? of , Podesta' float
ed Into view; i having j been ; carried 'about
half -a. block ;by^ the water, n.
' Podesta .was . a"; native of < Italy tj> 49 years
old." He resided vwlth* his \u25a0 wife " and fam
ilyi on the corner*; of : Masonic avenue \u25a0 and
Point Lobos road.
"D«l!verea on time" it ordered from Edward
Knowlei 0.. Printers, ' 24 \u25a0 Second. ' =• '
THE SAN- FRANGISGOI^GALI^ SUNDAY, /DECEMBER^
PARADES PARK SWARD
WITH NAKED FEET
While 'Obeying His Ph
Neurotic Patient ls Arrested.
He Tramples W^ewy Grass and Incidentally
Consumes Succulent Mushrooms. x
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
"With nether *\u25a0 limbs bared below the
knees and - pockets stuffed with fresh
culled mushrooms,' Lorenz- Valante, '* a
resident of Little Italy, -; stalked the' sward
of LobOß Park, In the North Beach, dis
trict, ; from, dawn- of yesterday,- until Ihe
was accosted, searched and arrested at 8
o'clock, a. m. .by Special Policeman A.
Gordon/ ':.'/' . - : '-" \u25a0'•".\u25a0-\u25a0 ..:;•'\u25a0':':
\u25a0 "Violating a park ordinance" was the
charge - booked' against : Slgnor \u25a0" Valante,
and when asked by Police Judge Fritz
to state more specifically the alleged
offense the prosecution claimed that it
vras two-fold— purloining park property,
1. c., mushroomf, arid' ignoring the warn
ing conveyed by signboards which notified
visitors to keep off the y grass. To this
the defense retorted, first, that the
evanescent' quality of mushrooms, which
sprout, develop and naturally vanish
within a few hours unless they are gar-!
nered, makes them - ineligible for , legal
classification as "property;" j and, second,
the fact that' Lobos Park la intended for
public usage renders null. and .void, also
ridiculous and absurd, the attempted ex
clusion of the public from* any portion
of it.
Prior to . formally taking trie complaint
and the arguments 4 under ; advisement
until to-morrow the "Judge ' ascertained
from Slgnor "Valante '\u25a0' that 'the matutinal
promenade on the lawn and, the incidental
plucking of the; mushrooms? were pursu
ant to medical advice,; Slgnor Valante
had never heard of the Kneipp cure for
neurasthenia, but knew that he .was sub
ject to frequent spells -of ? nervous pros
tration, superinduced by the; brain-taxing
business of fruit peddling, and; that his
physician Instructed him to trample dewy
grass with bared fe*et and to consume all
the, edible fungi he could collect while
thus employed. As : he had given" the sug
gested remedy only an hour's trial when
the policeman interfered. ; he could not
testify as -to Its . efficacy,' but was • still
of opinion that the doctor'- knew* what
he was talking about v when: the pre
scribed It. ' \u25a0".-\u25a0\u25a0 :': : -':v: ;^^ '":;.'. '\u0084 :-'\u25a0\u25a0-
"Well," said the court; "I* will give
myself up ; to careful consideration of the
law and equity; involved; in -.the case and
may be prepared to hand down a decision
Monday morning. In the meantime \u25a0 you
would better shun : Lobos Park."
Signor Valante, whose ; twitching mus
tache and restless hands ; did ' not ', belie
his claim to possession of ', neurotic dis
order, agreed to. abide-.- by ; his "Honor's
hint.
* •'"-\u25a0•
John J. Ballasty, a typical "hobo,", was
arrested for vagrancy, ;,by . Patrolman
Timms, who informed -Judge '\u25a0 Conlan ' that
the defendant had ? falsely; - represented
himself to ' innkeepers in -the ' vicinity of
Franklin and Gough and\Market streets
as the policeman's ' first .cousin, J thereby
evidently hoping. to; obtain* free food and
drink— especially the = latter. ''::'.- '
"And he's -not your cousin?" the" Judge
remarked, interrogatively. v ; '~ \u25a0;
'.'Ko, .sir," indignantly replied the offi
cer; "he's not related to^me many way."
"There 1 certainly is ' little * or.; no ' physi-,
cal resemblance to substantiate the
claim of' blood relationship,'.' said his
Honor, glancing from*: the accused 'to the
accuser, I and then he sentenced v Mr.
Ballasty to {hree months' imprisonment.
• \u25a0 * ' •
Alfred Desmond, carpenter,. was, passing,
by the grocery >of Dennis ; Haggerty, ' at ;
Ocean 'View.' when, several : dogs ; barked
and snapped at him.% and 1 while 'he was
kicking;. at the animals ;a ' 12-year-old son:
of Mr. Haggerty s assailed | him - with ' oral ;
abuse ; and : threats. ; \Transf erring; hft.at
tention to'; the boy, \u25a0 Mr. : Desmond was de
livering : himself • of : a* diatribe"; on how . to
train : children,'-; when j Mr.".; Haggerty/ and
his first-born, :' James." ', a/ r lusty M youth,
emerged from i the • 'grocery a and j, talked
wickedly at t*ie lecturer,; for^J which -that
gentleman caused -, theY elder* Haggerty.'s
arrest on~ the charge, of peace disturbance."
; Judge : Cabariiss heard , the : testimony,; and
dismissed the defendant- with a scathing,
reprimand.
»* ; •
Miss-Dottie Desmond, Mouthful, comely
of face ' and < ligure \u25a0 and , very/extensively ;
hatted, - displayed ; a : nasty| temper 'as ) she ;
\u25a0 sat in : Judge ; Mogan's ; court ' and • awaited \u25a0
hearing ; of , the charge ; of /disorderly,' con-"
', duct ; filed by the policeman^ who' arrested
her the previous 'evening i. where VKearny
street' enters' the £ Barbary- ; Coast region.
She " gnawed her 'nether lip,* scowled : at' the
• benign 'c countenance';! of ' Bailiff ( Hickey
'when ; he ; glanced ? atVher,* stared > mingled .
indignation^ arid" defiance?; at-;~ her v'^uni£l»
formed I accuser, Vdash'ed \u25a0 her. 1 knuckles into v
her. eyes^to; remove j spiteful ' s tears, \ tapped.;:
the floor i; with * her .< patent « leather/; shoe J
tips and' did .various "•other^ things Jebulli--!
; tlve of, anger.' ' Not ' f orTari : instant was she
: In: repose.l and when-, at| last her t caserwas \u25a0
I called 'she strutted to ,the berich*,with r arma
- akimbo > arid met ihis- Honor's
all-embracing ;;glarice^-;|^g;j*. - ;
" When Sshelhad| pleaded ? not r guilty arid,
supplemented < the; plea \with ' a" t brief ; : autoes
biography, ~; which j^ made i '; her|a« 19-yea.r-oldl
native c , of } Los i Angeles, \ the; Judge asked 'c
her/what^she"; did t for. a^. livelihood; 4 ' ] <\u0084--
vrna; employed in" a.-. Pacific-street dane« '
hall," replied. v7^i ;i '. . • - :- :: '\u25a0-\u25a0 '.'., '_'\u25a0\u25a0: •\u25a0 - ; • \u25a0
"Why don't you "work?" ; hiB ; Hori6rrin- *,
quired.. : ,',. ' '\u25a0}' .-...= i , r ~~-]'-'': ']? ,;.*. •"\u25a0-. . {\u25a0' \u25a0"':..
r-i^'W-erl-I," she drawled,'; in I tone expres- 1
sive f« of; both resentriientp{and y * surprise^
and (accompanied :,by;- a ? slow^eleva tion of '\u25a0
her "eyebrowsJV'airi't (that-work?'" >'
T^'.'li) is -'riot I commonly] regarded , as : a ,' le- ;
gitlmate yocation." was! the r evidently, "en-;-
\ lightening Jresponse; ;: " ? : . l^^^^fflßS
' ".Wre-1-1, "/ejaculated * Miss Desmond ; \ "At
THAT ,? aln' t X&7\ rie^^l "one '{on f- me ! * :" r D* ye
mean t' say,", che'demanded, 'with show of
dignity, "that : dancin' .7 for a llvln 1 ain't
respectable?" : , • \
r "As ; you dance for a living Is not gen-i
erally: conceded to ;. be/: respectable." his
Honor : answered with cold deliberation. •
,J Miss Desmond affected astonishment ' ko
deep g as \ to '\u25a0[ prevent : utterance^ \u25a0" nor 'did
Bound;escape her! lips' uatil her. case had
been" continued . till to-morrow and she
was reseated;, upon the prisoners' 'bench.
Then she abruptly emitted a-, prolonged
wall, -.flung her hands aloft, buried her
face . in them and groaned most dismally;
' :\Vhat's - the matter with ' ye^-are ye
sick?" Bailiff Hickey inquired.
"Th-th-the Ju-ud-udge th-th-inks I
ai-ai-ln't res-res-respect-pect-able," she
blubbered^ . ' \
. "Oh, fudge!" -softly exclaimed a mascu-"
line vagabond in" the cage behind her, \u25a0 and
all; the other caged vagabonds grinned.
' Mrs. George Stevens of, 707 Minna street
told Judge Mogan that she would not ob
ject to having her husband, whom she ac
cused of ; battery, imprisoned \ for .; thirty
days, ; and her implied desire was about
to be gratified | when a~married sister,; of
the 'defendant/ with a babe "in her 'arms,
entered: the jnclosure and declared.that
when herbrother battered his better, halt
he ! simply did what . no : : self-respecting
benedict could have helped doing./ ...
•'For she fed him on nothing but liver,"
the lady went on to elucidate. Vlt was
lfver for'.hirii friornin'," noon an'- night-r
fried liver for breakfast, cold, fried, liver,
for lunch;"" boiled liver for" dinner:^ £puld
anyiman" stand' that wlthoutjkickin'Z^My.
brother ain't no—" v"' • , . '.' .%
What Hhe. lady intended, to; prono'artce
her y brother- as' not • beirigi was ; never » dia-^
closed, 'because' Bailiff 'Mahoney. ; In obedi
encfe". to -an' eye signal',- from."; the f^berich,"
hustled her' from the dais;; and \u25a0 rorindly
chided her for having approached jit with
out »,the courts' permission.*. Then: the sug
gested.'thirty days' term was prescribed
for Mr. Stevens. r !: r! : .^ !-'•
• ..'«\u25a0\u25a0•
Patrolman Pearl arrested an inebriate
at Ellis and .Taylor: streets ""\u25a0 late v Friday
night and intrusted \ him - to | the •;. keeping
of a citizen ;while)the officer went totthe
nearest patrol box to summon the wagon^
"When he returned- to where ! he ~ had; left
his prisoner he saw him .being escorted
down Taylor : street \ by : : a ; strange ..man,
who was promptly .'- arrested -.; for ? interfer
ing with a policeman. \u25a0; Explanations ; be T
fore Judge Mogan resulted , in : the dis
missal of the alleged interferer,' who was
booked as James J.Gilday; clothier.' his
plea being that he did not- know the in-
: ADVERTISEMEXTS. ; - -|
And weekly i dressings of
and sweet- 1
l£si£ of |emollients, /at * once I
?So||ranirig hair/yremoye-
; andM^druf f ; :
Jcy|tro^f^rpar^ites]soothel
Sirritat^d^ itcliing-} surf aces ,j
|stMlatel tHp haife folUcles;s
loosen [*the seal £ skin .supply;
ithe^Toqtsvvvitrr ; energy^andj
\u25a0hpurishme]it,;andimakelt^
hair grow upon a sweet"
; wHolesome K healthy 1 : scalp;
when all elsefails^3^Bl
, m C«!iei:r« Bup combl'iini "'dtilcW med leinC •«« «nol- :
Cure, wtth Oit punnt of dMMhif ilDncdieafi and the
i mort rcfrcihlng of flower odonu Two SeaM U»• at en* •
V [ t* "V?* m<l V • M«dleia»l 1 and ToUeti 8o«p tor *C\
5 *•«« I>nir*Chtm. Corp^ Sol* Profit., BoM*m.W^t
••-SUll*! Fr^, " Ho* to C*M forth* BUa m 4 Be^Ti
ofCONNQR, MOFFATT & CO.
Christmas Week Suggestions ;
FOR THE HOME HOSIERY^ UNDERWEAR.
•LACE BED <?FT>Cir^ a^ortment very hand- MEN'S IMPORTED COTTON HALF-HOSE—
LACE BE P SETS— Large assortment, .very hand-; "Hermsdorf Fast Black," made with double soles,
some patterns in* -Irish point, Battenberg and : heels and toes; plain 6r with. neat embroidery.
'Arabian, with and without ruffles. Price from A pair, \l
from •\u25a0 -; ; 'v ; v-/25c,^3 fqrlSl, and 50c
; $4i50 to $35 > LADIES' NOVELTY LISLE HOSE-In a large
- <'\u25a0 - \u25a0 >\u25a0:-.-\u25a0\u25a0--' .- . • variety of patterns,
.TABLE COVERS— Persian, Oriental -. and flow r - -; -, 50c, 75C* SI '
ered patterns,' -large variety ; of colors, in Ta->; ; LADIES' PURE SILK; HOSE— Black grounds
- pestry, Silk and Velour, from " : with neat floral designs; harid-cmbroidered.
$2.50 to $12 $2.50, 54.50 t> $5 \u25a0
\u25a0SCARFS^Battenbers, Cluny, Renaissance; and Ara- > bIUC *
bian Bureau' and Sideboard Scarfs, round and . lland - ' " croche^. gi en «Q
' square centerpiece^ and Doilies. Price from i^^, F^c^'^H^SHIRTS-Plafn and
35c t0.525 i.. J. twilled; 50c, 75c, $1
SILK MANTEL, . DRAPES— Very pretty patterns \u25a0 MEN'S NECKWEAR— In allthe latest styles »nd
arid handsome designs. Price from colorings; an immense variety.
-- • ; .' $2-to-.54 : "- ": . \u25a0 - \u25a0 .•. - .- 50c -\u25a0 ;
FLANNELS, WAITINGS, LINEN SETS
DRESSING GOWN '.FLANNELS^Best quality, /heavy'. German Cotton" Flannel, handsome . de- AQc
\u25a0 .signs i and large assortment: of: colors, > 31 -inches "wide. Yard. . .;. *.Ti.. ;.......-.;..\u25a0..%: **«'
EMBROiDERED: .WAISTINGS^^— white silk em- C"J QQ'
\u25a0broidered dot 6^ Yard..:......... t*«v"
LINEN^ SETS— Purevlrishv Linen Dinner Cloths, 2-yards, wide, 3 yards long^with'full size dinner napkin to
match. Handsome : ;designs- in Scroll, fleur de lis, tulip, carnation, rose and «*O AA nnf ] %"tO Oft
many other beautifuH patterns. > A set::: \u25a0 :u :;.: -. . . . . : 1 ... . . ; . ... :. ... ... % . . . . V.;QIIU 4>^^» V^
Ladies 9 Fancy <36pds loi^ :^
handkerchiefs t S -^; :^:\.;collak^ ; ;:t;^;-®
LADIES' HAND- SHEER i SPECIAL^: Doz.^ LADIES' \u25a0: REAL PRINCESS
•V.v -LINEN •;^HEMSTITCHED ,H ANDKER-- . > I'ACEsV. STOCK COLLARS^ReguIar value.
CHIEF.S— Put up infancy boxes' one-half dozen; v,.,tv - \u25a0 '-• -:^* *• - O -. . • ' «i 00 «i •>%
- -assorted /patterns. >80x..-..::.*1.30,:^3.00; ;' .$?-i.o to $2.00. - Each ..;.... ., .v.. : .r.?1.00, ?I^s
-LADIES!*; VERY. SHEER SHAMROCK; LAWN : LADIES' -REAL PRINCESS AND :DUCHESS
HEMSTITCHED AND INITIALED HAND- LACE CHEMISETTES— With or without cuffs.
KERCHIEFS— % inch hem; small hand- cm-,', - - Price's '* : ?2:75 ?3:75 to ?12.00'
§ : Jdo^Sl?fl^"" a ! ' :-;fS^!§»| i^DIES^E^L'^RU^ELS POINT, AND
REAL PRINCESS LACE I TRIMMED HAND- 1 DUCHESS itIES'^ AND BARBS.— Price. . . . . .
i KERCHIEFS— Fifty different patterns; regular";. ; . .-\u25a0 -. -. ;. . ?3, ?3.30, ?6 to $22,50
value", /si.oo'toVs3.oo each. Special each. . . ; LADIESt/REAL IRISH CROCHET CAPE COL^
MEN'S \u25a0''\u25a0 PURE LINEN HEMSTITCHED AND • : LAKb ~ V nces • •• !?7>s ° to
INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS — Put up in LADIES'^ REAL BRUGES, PRINCESS AND
fancy"; "boxes. Box, one-half d0zen. .. ..... . , ' -DUCHESS LACE BERTHAS— Prices . . .... . .
.v.. v . Vv. ...91.50, ?2.40, JJ54.50 ....\u25a0 $4>OO, J?6.00, $9.00 to $30.00
ME SD^m^LID SI^ND^ER^IEF^^ WeareVsHowing an immense variety of Silk Chiffon
D HANDKERCHIEFS^— . and Lace Trimmed Stocks and Jabots in dainty
menS cc b s lack silk' hemstitched ;' reef: - : : ; r^^ s "!v h n wWte :T« s «s& I 7j
ERS-Each.,,..1»1. *1.50, ?2,,?2.50,,^3.75 !^S-^^^«gjg "jh
MEN'S NOVELTY FULL DRESS PROTECT- • • • .\u25a0'\u25a0 ' \u25a0".' V -H '\u25a0 L :; '*-?'; y C ' * IMO t0.93.*^
•;ORS — In Peaii^ de;- \u25a0 Crepe, ; Armufe ; -Silk and, 1000 Boxes- NOVELTY, -NECK RUCHING— Pat
.Satin; plain, fancy arid, quilted linings; black only. - up in fancy -*HbHybe"rry.<£ boxes ;. six. patterns in
- Prices ......^1.50,^2,^2.25, ?^3.j50;;^4.50" - : box:. Prices, box.; .^3oc^ 3sc, '4oc and sOc
; RIBBONS '^&^: flj'M^&^nSbw^s 'tor £
l-in. Satin, all staple col- . m *<X4P</^*/ 4-^i ;-.-:\u25a0\u25a0:• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ;••——£- —'-- -•^-\u25a0"-.\u25a0U. g-..--p;g -..--p ; - v
; ors : . ;. . . ...Vfs l-3c- piece; i^iW^^ > Jf\r /7 A' \u25a0 '''\u25a0 '"'- • K~r=s -^^llitLadlCSlnild-.
;i%'-in.:Satin;:aii;staple'col-:: '.*.-'.' . :l^ V 'f £y/^V^rjT^- A^tif -"'' p'^''"!' : ' : -'^^'l
3-in. : Satin, all 1 staple .col- J : ,c,tABLIS/y^ ; -%^ ''. GS'rtj&^'sfk. k "-'-'. : ' y \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0' '
- ors ...-f..*/./...-.35e"- piece.; •" \u25a0 .*',•,'* glL >' ."i'.-r *,-,.. »•\u25a0•\u25a0*'-'• '-'-A V.VA-g-i/X:* '%*.. :V^/-.! • ,--\u25a0;•
B^4-in. Wash Taffeta. 15c yd: '\u25a0 , ' ' a6b . -^^^B*>^^ ftj^VT^ GLOVE AND \u25a0\u25a0 . .
;;: GlrdleVMade- to; Or«ler. ; ;: \u25a0} .-.r, \- JJ |4 tOiliilJ POSt^ V tTCCt^ ' ' " I * l P Bl ?® ilSSlJfi^.,
\u25a0\u25a0-•..\u25a0 -}..... \u0084; . i- \u0084.<\u25a0_. -\u25a0"-.. •-=\u25a0..-: •-•-• i «w> \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0>
toxicated man's was under jarrest. whenihe \u25a0
' undertook ,tiu : escort ; hlox^ t<T' safety , ; - '.* ' ': .f j
\u25a0 '. :\u25a0 fi." I *-:. V. **\u25a0•>•'' •r ; - 1 -.* ',-." i ii' *;-.':'.' .v^'m-* 1 . 1 ~i\
*" A. -colored 1 gentleman "was 'sauntering ]
'along Broadway' last "Friday rirght .when ia
member Tof. his race. -but iof- opposite isex,>
accosted . hiiri with,7./-'Hi t i dah.v mistah, j
kin ; yo'" tell— " i.y .;'. ?' \u25a0\u25a0-»\u25a0 ''- - - : ; ?'\u25a0£ L '!
y Beingfeafful of ;footpadry, of .which he
'had read, and j heard j riiuch, ' the gentleman
ran away, v ; shouting,* "P'leecel'.'i. and that
was how~ : Miss ; ' Anasta'sla '; : Marie > Taylor"
came.to bearrested..% ' ' ! ' .:'.'-
N "Ahlwuz ' a-gwine ;teh.: mah home ;'et
No' th Beach," r she "told ; Judge * Fritz. yl'eri
wuz ja- waitin'- fo" a keah : w'en r Ah * sees
de : gemman T a-klmin, • en • Ah ' ups en' asks
him. ef ; he could til. me w*enide keah-wuz
a-kiriiln,«en^he;ups : en > scoots . ehwayi T en
den de'p'leecekims en nabs me." \u25a0 v
Her story \u25a0 was ' accepted as genuine and
her dismissal ordered. ':.'\u25a0'\u25a0 '*\u25a0
Holiday Sale.
/. Pongee' silk .waist;, patterns .and . silk
shawls arid ', tapestries/ Oriental " Bazaar;
1330 Market street. y \u2666
IROQUOIS DEMOCRATS
ELECT NEW OEFICERS
Put Staff in Field and Plan
a Vigorous Cam-
paign. ,
; Activities prevail -in f the '/ranks ; of . the
Iroquois Club. , these, days. ''Early in, Jan
uary"; the club will ; start its campaign of
education -in jthe Assembly dis
'trlctsdn .the* 1 ! subject; of 'municipal, 1 State
and nationalfownership of street, railroads
and other ; public ; utilities; J ., It will organ
jze 'Clubs pledged Ur spread ;\u25a0 light on this
subject.: -v!->--- \u0084 , ; ..- ;' -.- :.\u25a0 ;\u25a0 ." , - '\*"£
v" At i yesterday's : meeting . ; the : following
/were J elected i officers : for , the ; coming; year :
.Charles f: Edelman, .< president; A."' H. . Bar
endt,:;, first : vice ; president Hr G. Davis,
second j vice jj. president; ,? Edwin ? : R. - Zlon,
recording secretary; ;H.>L. V Bienfleld, ', cor-"
responding^ secretary ; - T.% ; : E. : Haydeh,"
financial* secretarj* ; > William A. Asmussen ,
treasurer; A trustees,'? Louis \ Metzger,' . Wil
liam J/ Bryan;; SJ SS Bayley, M. V. Merle,
M.VC. ' Hassett,*A.\M.; Johnson,. J. J.
Flynn.-:; - ; ;; \u25a0-\u25a0 ;\ "\u25a0' . '\u25a0: •; :.-\u25a0 /:> \u25a0Vy,;;ii>/]
V The club has addressed: a; letter to .the
United * Railroads ;: on :". the subject jof t'the
new^ street, car scheduled urging "an im-'
provemerit J that ''I will Ibe - '; satisfactory r. to
employes *- arid \the v public. *J In f conclusion,'
the 1 letter i runs : r c\ \- '!- ' r
: "We hereby .• give you \u25a0 solemn warning,
in the kindliest i spirit: toward all : parties,
remlndlng!;'you?.that*judglng.'from;pollti»
cal platforms | mote than j two- thirds of the
'qualified voters : of r: this scity^ and ; county
are 7 now* in i favor (of \u25a0• the J ownership and
operation^ of i\ said ' \u25a0' -.. railroads '{\u25a0 and i-' other,
public " utilities -by '> the \ municipality, and
IV. is] the I length* of: your .ltase. alone! that
prevents; immediate; steps. being taken for,
the"? Acquisition 1 of ' the ? railroads Jby| this
city. Wei hope. ' therefore, that; you w will
give* immediate; attention". to. this. our. pro
.test.V.v'-v-^f > ; .V-fi"v : ". Vfi^: '-'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•' '.-,
\NOTHFSRtBI<S rAKTV LEAVES. -
' -™. FOR THECITV^OFMEXICQ
: A^s^ecia]"rftrairilloft"at:B:3o' ; lastmight
'ovefltheHSoutherri; Pacific^Coastv Lino
for "the Cttyiotl Mexico.. It, contained a'
composHe^car^four^drawins-roon^
sleepers, a compartment car.and an^ob
servatiori' car.'i It {was j onej of Uhe finest;
I trains £ ever, sent ; out by • the Southern
Pacific " : " -"'----"\u25a0\u25a0*'-'•'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0''' i! "' "' : '" ' *
'^ao"f enthusiastic.^ were rithe Union
LeaEuers*oriltheir|re,turnt : from i Mexico
1 that^ niariyi have s followed % their^exam^
nle • bY ' taking^ the ;.trip.. , .The ; present
Dart vi will' number* 130. [0t yvX&mifitty?;
five'wnrcoriielfrornLosfArigeles^Over,
lack of
\u25a0 accommodations.^ { - ';.' ...->.;.- -' '\u25a0-.;. ;.
w Ambrikf the people ;, : from
San '*.Frarieis"coViWh"o/a'reybn
• slon^are : Mlss'fEeaver^rßobert tßrucetarid
ifamlW.lH.fT.^BTOkell^lKs-W.^BlbirithaJ^
L'Wllliani^BrlghamV'f John Cliff or d/I Miss
s
!Fordi\Helen*Ford, silJfA^Fby^W.ls ilJfA^Fby^W.1 Fisher,'
iwrarmer; H/J. 'Fisher.' Miss Flelri.%W.
L "W.; Frels, P. Gannon. Major "Gait, Mrs.
!' lleudrick.^M.^ r'abratta; H.?tr;iLloy<J. j J.V
FjE.". Mason.' MiS3*E.',Mur'ray, : -E-'-C.*Mo<>re
• ( arid v w it c/ It A". \u25a0 Mo'dary. zW,- A- Miller,
;F.'\u25a0;!& --Norman, -Mr. Naheni^Mr.- Ortioij,"
•G.^ .'A: . Ran k in. -Lr ;A. Saff ord.^Miss S L.^
tStrowbrlds-e, ; Dr."; Sessions- G.VR.- Tay
lor,' D." li. Westover arid 8.-E.-Wade arid
: wife:. ?•-\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0•''•.'••' : '" V ; " x '\u25a0\u25a0»:••
/•"Many of ' the -"party will ' return yiat
Grand Canyon. . / .-- ..:.,..-...••:?
Chnrles I.yonn. ': the > London ' Tailor.
'1; Both \ stor es\will ' remain open during
the ' evenings -of the. holiday season '-. uri-
; til? 8 o'clock. 1 " \u25a0? 721 3Iarket ' st.,* near 3rd,"
and.l 22 Kearny St., Thurlow block. • < :
Steals .from * Freight Shed*. *
Williarii:. Raphael was arrested on
Friday night by Detectives Lewin arid
Madden of , the Southern Pacific Com
pany and locked up In "the tanks" at
the. City Prison.* When searched eight
een packages of cigarettes .were found
in his pockefs. Detectives Ryan and
ODea have been looking ; for ; Raphael
for 'some time,' as he ,was suspected of
stealing- articles from the. freight sheds
at "Fourth and Kins streets. .
Heller & Go/s Big Stock
is Electrifymg the Town !
THESE FEW ITEMS WILL CIVE
YOUA FAIK IDEA OF^HEiWAY
THE ENTIRE STOCK IS SELLING :
iMen's $30 Suits re-C-lQ OQ Cluett $1.50 Shirts re- tf-l |C
duced t0. .. .f^: ... . >P *^•Sjf. duced.t0. . . . . ..... »p I. U
Men's $20 Suits * re- C^A QC Monarch' Si' Shirts reduced AC/».
duced t0; ... . .1. ;. ;. : .;. \u25a04* I V.p J to . . . . . ..... ... ......... VJt
Men's \u25a0-\u25a0 $20 Overcoats C 1 1 C Men's ' $1.50 •Underwear cut QH n
' reduced t0.;:... v ;.. *P**tY*f . t to \u0084.:.......:....:...-.. ~W
Boys' : $6 Suits reduced S|3 : 7S Men's 65c Underwear cut kf\n
Boys'- $4 Suits reduced Men's 75c Neckwear cut AQ/»
BoysVsio Overcoats re- tf L Ku Men's. 35c: Neckwear, cut ;oAjv
\u25a0T ducedtto.... ;:..;;.. »?".*« to ...v... .......... . K ..&y*':
Youths'} $12.50 Suits re- C 7 O P Men's 25c Hosiery cut to . . "I A^-.
duced^o. ;•,....;.. . . . ; ; *P « ?O«?, A...; ....:... ....... ... . IVW
Stetson's $4 Hats re- CO QC Men's 50c Suspenders cut Oftr*
diiced to.. :.....:.... $£"7? to ....... ........^:..: r *^Y^
Heller's :s2fso Hats're- tfi LE Men's $I^s Night Shirts OC«
aducedto": : :. : x\ . . :.. . »P #»V*r , cut to. •• • • UwfW
•Heller's >;si Hats .re-) .Vtf 0:1 C Arrow Brand Collars now -I A^"
duced^t0.;..., :..... :ybC*.\D .-:r-:..y;-.. ;........;..... l " y '
: -.This, sale is vastly different from any*. other sale . San Francisco
has- ever known. Not ; only "are"; the" goods selling at 58c on the dollar,
but everything is of •high-grade arid, thelassortment^ are full and com- :
: 'plet*e ;\u25a0 " The - clothing : came from Hart,* Shaffner & , Marx ; ; ,.- Alfred Ben-
:: jarniri C6J^arid ;.\V.: SrPeck:& Co.^ and /everybody; knows that these',
r :firrris makcithe finest^ready-tojwear -rclpthes in ".: America. The - hats, \
; -'; : shift.sT'|u"nderweafrand «6thjer^fu^rriishin"gsKwere r .bought , from -the best •
\u25a0 manufacturers \u25a0in the business.""! There isn't one , single undesirable . ar-
'ticle— riot' one^out-of-date: style— anywhere in >the sale.- Come— the op-^
;portunityis^ altogether "too good to be missed;^ -
1028-1030 Markets Street
Powell frndiMaSmTStrget?!
PEHSO.XAL.
rV'R-'H. .'lrignram of Los Angeles in at
,the.Palace Hotel *
*,'\u25a0 Arthur* P.VFrench of Boston. Mass..
is at the .Palace HoteL :- i .
i.'Mr. , and j Mrs.*. E. . Avery "McCarthy of
Los: Angeles ar« at the Palace Hotel.
\u25a0- - San MJleso arrivals \u25a0 at . the Palaco
Hotel- are James E. Wadham and H. E.
Doolittle? -— '"-\u25a0\u25a0 *- •<•
r,: Among recent arrivals at the Palace
.OTote! are' Mr. and Mrs. Leopold Weil of
New York."
Calif ornlaas tit Xew York.
;• NEW YORK. Dec 16.— The following
: Calif ornfans are in New York. From San
iFraridsco-^-E. E. LewenJ at the Hoi-,
land; .J. Crossman. at the Herald"^
Square; G. C- Crinkle, at ; the/' Grand 1
Union; R. M. Cushlris aricV.wlft. at the
Union Square; W. H. -King.. > *<at \u25a0 the
Churchill; E. H.,Doltmund. IS.;A, Gir
vin, at the Cosmopolltan;,V-;c.^>H.
Mltcjiell, at the Gregorian;^.W/'^lpbser,
at the.Minperial. From Los' Anseles —
"W. H. Col'eman, at the Prlricis" George.
— '\u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0 — .' " : , ' . *
B.F.Stoll. dentist; Haight & Masonic ay.*Pages 71 to 84
CITY ATTORNEY SELECTS
HIS OFFICE FORCE.
Among New Appointees Is Claribel ' David, Fair atM learned
Disciple of Law. '^V, j
I YOUNG WOMAN. WHOM CITY AT- j
TORNETT-En^ECT BURKE WILL I
APPOINT A X)E2»UTY. .... J
William G. Burke. Oity//Attorr.<y
vlect, yesterday afternoon gave out the
names of those who will assist him
; while he holds the position for the
next two years. The new appointees
are as follows: Howard Harron, A, S..
Newburgh, Daniel W. Burchard, John
T. Williams. W. T. Baggett, Albert T.
Roach and Miss Claribel David- Miss
Etta Block, the present stenographer,
\u25a0will be retained.
The appointments of Burke have
A een foreshadowed for . some time In
|v,-ery case save that of Miss- David.
This one comes, as a Burprise; as
well as a decided novelty. It is not
every city that can boast of a Portia
helping to guide the affairs in its legal,
department, and therefore . there is
unusual interest attached to the ap
pointment of Miss David. ..'.-.-'
Never before in the history of San
Francisco's municipal government has (
a woman been .selected to fill such- a
position. Therefore, Miss David enjoys
an unusual .distinction .among the
members of her. sex." However, she is ;
not unknown to the legal lights of the
city, having been a^ member 3f the bar i
for gome time. j
Helen Dare, the noted special writer
on the Call staff, wrote . a very inter- 1
rsting. interview with Miss -David some
v.opks ago. In which the talented
Portia told of varied experiences be-
Jore thr bar and how she managed to
lipcorac.a lawyer.' Miss David Is an
unusually talented young woman and
very well ver/fd on legal questions.
Rhr formerly studied at the Univer
sity of' California, taking a literary
« ourse. She was always Interested. In
ill* study of the law and when a mere
prirl *h<* used to read with Interest the
court n*»ws. In this way, ehe managed
to kindle ;i firo for legal learning which
burned with more rapidity as she pur
sued her studies.
I« IiAW GRADUATE.
Miss David never studied law In, the
university. It was not till ; she; com
ted her studies; there and entered
tings Law College that she tackled
legal questions; ln^ earnest.' Then
studied : with a ".• will. : Being nat
urally gifted with a liking for the law.
lior task was a pleasant one and! she
rapidly advanced, being graduated with
honors. . >
In telling Helen Dire ofher fir»?t expe-"^
rionce in a Police Court, Miss David said:
"1 knew . the mother of the young; man
whom I defended, and* I -wanted • to help
her, for I ' felt • sorry for \u25a0 her and " I ' was
anxious to do what I could to aid her.
VYou • see, it \u25a0 was like this. The young
man, George . Howath, ; for '.whom I ap
peared \u25a0, seemed more - . unfortunate than
bad. He; isn't altogether bad. I think
that few. people : are really bad. i I thtnk
there is ; some good in every one if; we
know how "to" reach '• It. -W-hen he got into
trouble I thought I could help- him' to get
another chance, .and' l wanted : to h§lp; his
mother, for I felt \u25a0 sorry for her. I took
the case.' ' r • • -. , \u25a0»•'; - \\~ ~ .
"Embarrassed? No, indeed; ' I ' did 'not
feel . embarrassed. , Why. should I be em
barrassed?. It, wasi- nothing. - It did -not
amount to much— just a*fe*w minutes'
work. And,'- besides/ I got *him out of
trouble. \u25a0 ': .. '
"I did not actually win the case. He
wasn't acquitted, you know. Only al
lowed to go on probation. But that's
better than nothing. ....
"Why, j-es, indeed, I would go* Into -the
Police Court again, though that.w as"* my
only; experience there. Why : not, %If - 1
•found some good reason ?-- If. I -saw. where
I could do some one some good,' why not?.
.."Yes, Indeed, I would take a criminal
case.. I have ; never done 6O yet because
I! never had one .offered to me. .But I see
no reason why a woman lawyer should
not. 'Very, of ten 'ln; looking over, the cases
In court ' I « see \ many • reasons why t she
should. . I think that very, often where a
woman is Involved a woman lawyer could
get the facts '.much more easily than a
man. and present -them more Justly., I
can see no impropriety in a woman plead
ing for, a woman. Can you?" >
/appointees are known. •
The other appointees of- Burke are
all well known In' this city and vicinity
and most" of them have - been '•*\u25a0 promi
nently identified' with' union labor, work
for: some . years.' : William T.-'JBaggett
wan, formerly a well-known newspaper
editor here. Ke; left the Journalistic
field some time ago and .has since fol
lowed" tfie. law. ;He was acandicateion
the . Democratic ' ticket for Superior
Judge at. the last election, but was
defeated. Bflßa
: J jjinf «?l - Burchard is also a prominent
figure In the local ; field. He - too- oncu
.ran .for. Judge ,'andi was? also
turned down.; He ( was: formerly. a resl^
dent-of/San Jose. 1 ; where' he, was .'Dis
trict Attorney, j and Is . s well,\ known
throughout "the \u25a0 Santa Clara' Valley.; He
has ;done» much*for ; the cause of union
labor in this cltyJatelyraridithat Is one
of- the. reasons: why he ;is so swell re
warded. . ' . ' ...•„'
A.. S;.;Newbur--h.is also, a familiar
figurein i the local; courts , and is : known
asf a ;.£ technical- lawy"er?~6f ability.^ He
has ; been i practicing \u25a0 .here for,. : many,
years.^.. At: thejrecent selection ".he. .went
to:the front for. the; Schmitz; force /and
'hi s : : rewards"; ls ; now>forthcomlng. :'fl<s
lias been; an J- Intimate;, friend- of - Abe
Ruefs for ajgoodmany,, years. •
Howard^Harron^ls a > resident /of . the
Forty-third. As^crnblyr. District .^iifd "{he
: has been ; prom In eh t for] the. ad in in is tra£
tlqn ever; since ) it- has Vbeeh'-.ih^power^
HcTlsj a -'young;. lawyer : arid:, very ''• well
known' at i the local bar.' John T. Wil-
SAN;:FRANCISGG)^ cSUNDAY^ '. i3eGEMBER:I7,,I9OS.
liams is. a. member of .the ; law firm \u25a0* of
Bryan &- Williams '. and \. also- stands
high -with', the a'dmlnistratlon.. Albert
T. Rdach - has < always been ; prominently
ldentihed the -laboring; men. -\u25a0. He
Ik still .a . : member .of f.lthevj Printing
Pressmen's Union, having, followed thai
calling-, before taking \u25a0 up| the' practice
: of law here a few, years ago.
SUES STOCKHOLDERS
OF BANKRUPT FIRM
Assignee Asks :fof; Judgment
Against MemfieiS of
Porter Bros.-: V r
.Bernard C. ; Carroll;,; as,"asslgriee » of, the
creditors , of < the bankrupt ; flfm r . of I Porter
8r05.,; filed seventeen "; suits !\? yesterday
against 'the I individual stockholders . of the
defunct ito J recover % $62,290 .70."
, In '; the: complaint; it i ls- 1 stated -that > Porter
'Bros.'; lncorporated . under ; .the laws of New
Jersey; with k a" '; capital % stock 'f, of * $1,000,000
and are engaged in this State in the busl
nes; of packing j and I shipping ?dried ] fruits/
'operatlng-;refrlgeratorlllnes,i;*etc.t! '.',\u25a0>:'
1 ' On ~ July.? 13,';: 1903,^; bankruptcy.'* proceed
, ings ) -were brought against j the 'firm, and
,It entered" Uj to 1 the • process ,bf ; liquidation.
Of i^the 'i HablllUes Vof ; .the >, 24
, per,.- cent"?, was paid,*"; which (exhausted I the
assets... There ; still i due } the' creditors,'
h o wever, th c - sum f of .- $62, 290 70, rand ito \ re>
; coverj this; sum ' suits \ have] been ' Instituted
'against the I stockholders of i the} bankrupt
company.-. ' 3 The ? assignee (of | thee | redltors
is represented by J Pillsbury, c Madison ;< &'•
,'Sutro. - ' \u25a0'\u25a0.- : - X \u25a0 . \u25a0;.';\u25a0 ...
Me* Swindle ; Tailor*.
v -Several .tailors v have {complain edfV to
police ' headauarters-i'aboututwogswlri
dlers.',v One ' of f the*. meri|buys ;a^» sult'of
; clothes farid^orders|lt^sent~ to "a -room,
cash VonV dellyery/i^A^ messenger ;J: boy,
goeslwlth t the > suit \u25a0arid": the
,tells;himito^walt^tlll|he-;tries-the;suit, tells ; him i to^walt^tIll|he- ; tries -the; suit
on.* ; ; He. goes^lritdj another|roqm i aridf in
a' fewi minutes [ the) second . • man" saying
: that 'he^would'r see Rwhatiwasjdetainlng
,hisi frlend, : "also£leayesStheSrodm^and
\u25a0thatviß'\the > vlast li -seenfofa:th°emSor^the
•Buit. v - v One'- is f described? as if 45 7 years of
; 'age,* 5. feet! B|lnches;tallfandrstbut' build
' ;and;the pother j 30 , * years *'of 'agre. : !s if eet) 8
• Inches I tall,."sllm * build^ The ? police [are
Hooking, forithem.' ' . . . .
Fatally Kicked' by. Horse:
!• Charles Scott, a stableman 'employed
.at r> 1308 ? Fulton •. street.^was- so s severely
by.Va/rvlclousJ horsey yesterday"
? that * s ho > may; d le. ?4. Scott^pvho > didf not
'know,: the ibrute'sttemper.Yweritf into i the
stall;, to: feed hlra.jTTheSh6rseftstruck
out, fracturing: Scott'sfhlpSiiWhllelthe
:man i was j lying,helpless!lnithe*3tall^the <
ivicious; ; animal s trampled [:'-. upon- him
• again ; and £agaln.;ijßy.f the itlmeV he > was
; dragged '{away.; f ro'iriXtlie i |savage^brute?
v Scott'ss J skull i
.was •suffering, from* internal i Injuries '
-Dr-yKucich^who^treated^him^at the
'Park : Hospital,^ could s; give Illttle:? hope
'for: his: recovery."!' ' .' " '>..>.> .\u25a0i..X.*; >' *.' i ;' '
INQUEST INTO THE DEATH OF JIMMY MITCHELL
At the inquest on the death of Jimmy; Mitchell, the boy scalcr;whowa§vburned to death^on the steamer Despatch, James
Murray, one of the ; little fellows who narrowly escaped a similar fate, , made* some revelations of child
labor conditions here. • . : He declares t that the employers of the child boiler sealers were accustomed to withhold .
2^ cents from their daily ; pay for rent" of cheap tpols. •
BEREAVED MOTHER TELLS; A PATHETIC TALE
Little Sealer Says
Coin Is Deducted
From Images.
Children Declared to
Re\ Victims of
| Betty Graft.
Part of TheirjMoney
Is - Withheld for
Use of Tools: X
Conflicting testimony regarding the ori
gin .of the lire on ; the, | Despatch \ was
brought out at the . inquestV held ;on the
death of little James Mitchell, yesterday.
Some Interesting insight into ] the ;horrors
of child, labor was given! and 'some; rev
elations of sordid . thrift; on the- part of
men who hire tiny, boys to do the
dangerous work in boiler scaling: were
made." '.. ' -• ,
"Mike Derby, who hires us,x charges 25
cents a day for tools," declared James
Murray, a sealer/, who r claims/ tbibe^" 16,
bill looks to be' about 12 years old. These
tools cost 75 cents.
i; "Why don't you buy your own tools
if; they cost so little?" asked Coroner
Leland. ; V - •
. . "Well, If I didn't hire tbe tools from
Derby, I don't think that he would hire
me," replied little Murray.
- . Coroner ' Iceland Inquired clonply into
thin grnft. \u25a0 After «'lo«e quesitlonlnK, it
%y»» brousbt : out ' that ; Mike 'Derby,' the
l>o*ji \u25a0 «caler, at tendril to .pa > ins tthc
" boys.' 'He nlvrnyM held nut 25 cents for
\u25a0 a day's rout of the Implements worth
75 cents.';, \u25a0' ; .' , • . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0] ' :,',•;"\u25a0 *
=;. For * crawl lug In through a hole
scarcely j, iride ; enough to admit them
aud ' norklnjj; nil ' day In . a dark, i foul
; anirl liitK space, .the boys "received 1 the"
munificent anm nf * 92 . KO, minus .M ike
I)rr by> tribute of 23 cents. . Sometimes
the . boyw^were > paid rby the j ship - owner.
Then the companies, with the »aine
Wono mlcal business methods' that char
acteriae Derby, rent tools— -valued at, 75
cents mew— to the, boys.'- . -
While! young- Murray, was exposing "the
trfeks' of the scaling business; one; of ; ' s the
jurors remarked, /'Those tools seem ', to
be a profitable investment." 1 . 4
Murraytold his story ;.with; evident re
luctance. ; IJe apparently; feared that the
expose ;/ would ; prevent - him ; from •; again
risking his; young* life and undermining
his health for $2 50 a day— minus 25 cents
for hlre;of tools.'". ,\u25a0 . \u25a0'-'"- : '\u25a0\u25a0.<\u25a0
"When . we are on' Government Jobs we
only get $2," said Murray. . '."Then Derby
charges us 20 cents ' for the^tools. :On all
the other jobs" he charges "us 25 cents."
MOTHER TELLS : HER STORY.
A pathetic . figure lat ; the ; Inquest > was
Mrs/, Mitchell, mother, of Jimmy Mitchell,
the little ; sealer; boy;' who, 'was .trampled
and beaten back: in the mad-rush: from
the burning j hold ;, of J the .Despatch.; She
did , not ': know ,; that ; : her ; son was .on ' the
vessel until ? late; at; night..: \u25a0 ':---\u25a0
, Mrs. Mitchell , had s gone] down ; town and
returned? just , as v the- engines^ were ; rush-
Ing •to the \u25a0 flre.'s She, felt no concern : abou t
the; boy at aH..VHe; would returnf at sup
per time,'; she " thought.*. v '
: But long-.kf terA the; evening; meal ."; was
over .be continued -to \u25a0 remain . away./ Still
the ' mother.; felt . no 7 , alarm, \. for '\u25a0[> the boy.
often. , remained out $ until; late ; playing.'
;;It :* was faf ter r j 8 .", o'clock V. when ;1; Mrs.
Ml tchell'sH eldest v; boy .'. rushed), into the
house,"- pale : , and -red eyed.* -s ; •
~."Did i'youjknow.. 1 that Jlmmy^was on'the
Despatch?"! heasked,' and then burst Into
tears. - The stricken j- - mother ' : ~ realized
what : had - happened. •-' When ; she \u25a0 saw i the
child' again , he i was f a "pitiful; ,; blackened
little; heao] on ; a; slab ; at "^the; Morgue.^ He
hod fgiven ; his i life : for a*, promise } of .;$2.50, :
minus 25 cents for the hire of tools valued
'ati7s?"cents.\ ; '-.Vv. •.;..;;•";., -.\u25a0:'_;' ; ; •'.-• "'*\u25a0". .•\u25a0'»•'..' ;
,< :•; Mrs. r; Mitchell that ;, the \u25a0•< little
fellow.: had ".-. not J obtained i heri' permission
,to \work ? on V the"? Despatch! ''\u25a0 Her \ husband
also ; that ; he 1 had '/given * permis-'
"sion.^ When 1 , the. glittering lure i of .; $2.50,'"
minus itheltrlbute/Lwasr held -before.; him,'
the : little"; fellow -eagerly 'grasped'; 'at I It.
\u25a0 i, George." 1 ; H.V.; McGue,i< one j of theS little
sealers,'; who' managed to escape with: his
life; from L the 'blazing ; hold; i told : a' graphic'
\u25a0toryj of ; the 1 tragedy. ,* He : declared : that
he" was .13 s years ;old.X; T^ , , % -v;
j; Just V before n the W first :^ Jet of >• flame*
gushed out . of the oil tank young McGue
saw a man pass, carrying a lighted torch.
A* second afterward* every^; one } in I the fire'
room was J knocked by the
of the 'exploslonT, and; panic seized the men
and children cooped Un;that •burning; trap; 1
with? an feilt '* Just j big \ enough or 'one <to
crawl ; through' at^stitAmk^^^^^Z lySuZi
Ti. r JH^-ery.> ! hun^V!lnstincJt!t|wai\!f6rß6tten.^
There* was 'aiiniad^rushv; for 'safety, and? a
screaming,^ kicking | mass 'of , boys and men
blocked?' the « narrow,*: entrance.: .{/ {. .-}/ :
;" ;; -.;> KICKED} BACK]INTO(PIRE.^ :V .'
When' young SMcGue j caught a /rang : of
J the iron \ ladder; lead! ng \ to ] the ; deck ; and
• safety/ a • heavy. -boot ; struck^ him ~ oh - the
forehead. He dashed "back , Into"; the
furnace^C Dazed by; the • blow, and i ; choked
by/ the ;, stifling! fumes (of (the 'i burningTbll?
i heVcame inearj sharingithe s fate • of | little
Jimmy;,' Mitchell: ; r^ But;' he J; to"
! collect 'f, his t senses X and \" clamberod ,- pain-"
fully{out'into"ithejfresh;alr.i : / "
Si.Tnja '•} day/ before •' the ? tank ' exploded * two
little ;>boys^o were"* insldel : of lit f engaged 'in
'cleaning f it7l i Had j the j explosion* occurred
'then; a tragedy .even' more* horrlblelwould
have£Gccurred. •'.-'. - .r-;. r - ; '\u25a0': :'^ :
jiJ'How doTyou" get -into; the 'boiler 'to~do J
this*: scaling . .work?? v asked Coroner L.e
land. '\u25a0'.-< \u25a0\u25a0-,•.'-.. .--."' ''
;' -,^Through> the ; manhole,','; ! replied :-"-' Me
'Gu'e;-:^.'. 1 : :'' '.';\u25a0 ;\u25a0:•".;
" How, 1 ; large < is' the* manhole?'*, - . ; 1 : \u25a0\u25a0.;,
"Just' "about iblgrenough- for a: : boy; to
get .through.'"
larger ."boysdoithe; work?" asked
Labor;Commissi6ner;StalTord.ir •; '. _ .^V:
"There ' are parts j where" -a % larger r boy
couldn't J replied^ McGue: ;v. : . :
ask |you| howl old |you :
-are!" when - you ':.;to'^dopthlal
MOTHER'OP JAMES 'MITCHELK THE BOY'KILX.EI> IX DESPATCH FIRE, ANT> TWO OP HIS CIOMPAXIOXS IX THE WORK OF*
BOILER -SCALJXG WHO ' TESTIFIED AT.THE INQUEST. OXE OF. THEM TELI.IXG. HOW. EMPLOYERS ASSESSED THEM
KOR USB OF TOOLS. - . • \u25a0\u25a0 ''T~~ .', : . .
"It's : astonishing • how, few.jbbyS- there
are in this. State between: the ages of C 8
and '„- 12.", . remarked . Commissioner . Staf
ford. : . . ... ' .' .
' -Robert ; McClay,; assistant engineer -oh
the'? Despatch,-; advanced •\u25a0; the j theory • that
the •\u25a0 disaster., was ; caused; by. \u25a0 a', piece of
timber; crashing t on ; the ; gauge i of - the ' oil
heater. ', This,-, he- declared. VwouldTcause
a -ppray ; to be < formed and render; the oil
subject -to; ignition.: ; ;
y: McClay; declared ; that. ; herliad . gone Into
the engine room ; shortly, after the flames
had ' been : extinguished i and : saw . a \u25a0 heavy
timber} lying,'; across .the gauges. . ':
\u25a0 '"How'do'you -know, that 'the. timber, did
not' .;-fali after the Vflre; started?" -asked
Coroner Leland. ' . -:.:;•.
; - McClay attempted \to explain his theory
by; means :\u25a0 of '-'diagrams,':: but ; could . : not
make ; it ', clear jto I the > jury. >: Coroner \ Le
land? decided .that ; It would : be r necessary
f or .-": the \u25a0 jury ' to < visit the ; Despatch to
.morrow. . . ' :. ! \ .. .\u25a0• \u25a0'; *';.\u25a0;'
WITHIN REACH ; OP : SAFETY.
Fire^ Captain .Theodore B. : Keiisall t told
how; he ' found ;the charred ibody ; of .little
Jimmy > Mitchell. One ' of \ the ' tiny; hands
was = stretched -out. toward ;the ,\u25a0 lowest
rung.^of the ladder.;, Whether, it was; that
he had been kicked back r into. the fire] arid
knocked -unconscious,; or .he" : be-".
camo'; overcome , ( by;gas;isTnot known.' He
• died] within '\u25a0 reach ; of "sa^f ety., " . ';,
:i Captain rKensall; and" Lieutenant, "W?l F.;
Mlsklll ;saw ; the ' i beam s referred ' to . by : Mc-j
Clay ,\but , .tiid \u25a0 not knowiwhether t it7struck
the •?. gauge 'or I not. JaniesV. Connor,' % the
shipwright ; engaged >\ in" ' making .the ", re
pairs, :* does not ". believe * ; » that ' the \ beam
s truck 1 the I gauge.'- He i was i hbldlng 'one
end'of itjWhen; the fire started. , The beam
has since. been removed. \u25a0 : ".'. v."
':.\u25a0;- Joseph? Maloney.fanother.'of '.the -.young
sealers 'A who i escaped, £; corroborated : what
Murray. • had told ; about the , hiring,? of
scalersV ' topis. ; .Young y Maloney ,> created
s ome f amusement i, by .;- the > assertion '-:' that
heihadtsixteenibrothers.;" 1 When; asked* to
give \ their • : names , he : got , % from ,; Pete *ito
Mlke^; making "nine, then his, memory
failed him; :r_^ .|.. ; ;^^^^ :;;;:'.
;' Captain « Henry. \Weber. of ; the "', Despatch
waxed > declamatory' on the. stand. . He de
clared i that ;. he ;was (not lon % board ; when
the accident \ happened } and '- that : he knew
nothing ' about '- hiring [of « the boya.^ He
said | that \. when 1 he .- arrivedj at ' the X wharf
some Tone J was} trying ;; to^ set-^ the
adrift i toY saye|the Tdock.^ Had "* this ! been
done the . tide , would ! haye^carried : t he', fioat ;
out ;, Into t,the 1 bay^wher^ (t^irould^ have'
been* lmpossiblel to J p save \ihose .on^board.j
Captain ; Weber , does = nbtiknow who \the
man s was/-; VjVJ '-'-I \u25a0 .'. :^.''^-/" t v-:'..'. ; .': ... . --.J^'i '\u25a0
l' A Boiler^: Inspector, Dolan ] testified \that ; he
"declined Übi inspect! the 'tanks; on; the day
lot -i the Z disaster j withT a^candle. ''He I de{'
marided^ari (electric; light^and- was"' fur£
nlBh"ed;^with- one;,' Hej thought; that ;^the (
conditions son ;£ the .; Despatch .' ": warranted
this i precaution. * He ; said : that ; In i'one' part'
of J thej hold '{ the ? air), was : so ; foul :; that *he
had ,1 been % driven i^back..;..lThis 'J spot\was
, near . where] the', boys ; had '-been \ working." ,
<. The ; inquest .\u25a0wi)l'- v : be?{ continued ; at 9
o'clocktto-rmorrow. \> '' "\u25a0\u25a0*. /..V-'. -"
On Tuesday.
;; The;niost attractive ; and i novel •.publi
cation lissued sin f. this city;; for {.many,; a
day^wlll^bej seenf next jTues'day.^lrif the
severities*? twenty"rslx| photographs -were
takengof JtheJstreetStoflSanJFrancisco.i
Photographs of ithe same localities* were'
agalnimade: this r year.°s".These have (been
reproduced £ inf half -tone | and tin the t& en£j
gravingslwillSbesiln'-.thei Christmas-; Sarii
Francisco! News iLetter,^ makingj one s of.
its imany.'-'"i many.'-'" interesting \u25a0\u25a0:-. features. >*: = The
number"wiirconslst?of;l36:pages. r • "
X ew •' Searitor TGocs Cant.' .".\u25a0
\ ;>' PORTlXANb^^DecT :jji^-Hon7'' J. "V.'M*
<searin,^appoinfed|last: week to .succeed
jthellateiUnit^lTstatiKS < Senator*' Jo hiii H. !
Mitchell tas^SenatorT from? Oregon,^ de-;
parted; f briWaahingtbri-to-day.; \u25a0'-{: •_ '\u25a0:\u25a0]'_ ,
MANY HURT
IN A CAR
SMASHUP
One Passenger-Laden Yeliiclia
Crashes- liito Another at
Ellis and .Taylor Streets
OTien the Brake Gives iWay
VA? rear end collision of two Taylor, street
electric \ cars - near:; the V corner { of . Ellis
street ; shortly \u25a0 after S o'clock last night
resulted' ln i the injury of a dozen 'persons.
Both cars .were, crowded at the time and
more than a hundred people had a narrow
from "death. or serious injury. : The
collision .was the' result of a' broken brake
of.'the rear car." \u0084
Car ; number,; 1034 .of \ the 4 Taylpr, street
line, south * bound, X stopped : at* the * corner
of * Ellis *. street, - and was / Just ; about to
start £'up^ again -.when -' a • cry \ was j*heard
from Uhe* rear, ' and *a ' moment" later.J num
ber ) 807 i came \ crashing into ] the \ tint*vehi
cle. Men shouted, women, screamed - and
fainted, arid ' it ; was : at .first . thought sev
eral'; had^beeri; killed. >;
. : : Scenes lof 'excitement • ensued. -Hundreds
surrounded '-the wrecked - cars ; In ; a< twink
ling." *• Several -,persons *wer« pinioned be
neath ' the wreckage, which was \u25a0 piled ; up
In". an ; unsightly, mass.y~*'.
•WOMAN . MAY DIB
('\u25a0': Mrs .. I Nlssen, ." IJo3 ' Cbrtland ; - ave
nue, was : th* most . seriously ,' Injured . of
the I passengers. She wa» \ caught s. in , the
wreckage and suffered *a bad gaah in ' the
temple, ,» possibly." a fracture (of • the ' skull
and i internal , ; injuries that . may ' prove"se
rious. .? J. * Llndstrom,t 30^ ;.Twenty;f ourth
street,',. was badly i cut t up] and ] bruised. : He
was ' sitting I on' the^ front \ seat, of * the ."car
'th"at ? k c'ame \ crashing 'downUhe \u25a0 bill. 5 / ; ;
Kelly , l Tconductor v ; of vthecar ; that
.was ' hi t, " sustained • a fracture of : the right
leg <and Mother .serious '\u25a0\u25a0 injuries.* » An agent
'pt Jthe^United Railroads s happened^to;, be
on:-the; seene H , at 'the,, time] arid*, he >had
Kelly -removed I to a'< private hospital.."
\u25a0 T i The^agent} refused I to* give 1 the : name - t of
the^conductorjaridfalsojtrled^tovwlthhold
information T concerning^, thel Injuries.' ' Kel-.
lyjcouldnot* be'fourid-, last; night,; the*:,'un
derground'V methods ' of ' the , agent ', having
prevailed. '../\u25a0/ '• ";"-.*; ''<V* :."- \u25a0'' '-..
»^Two * womeri,\whose} names could ; not ; be
learried,\weref seated fon'ithelrearj seats of
car; 807. Both * were \ rendered ; unconscious
by "being 5 thrown '.to' the?/ground. They,
were'notv fatally J hurt,* however, • and ileft
the'Vcene of the accident before the": police*'
arrived//
;\u25a0>•- {CONDUCTOR 'ABDUCTED.' ,
iiC.' M. \u25a0Derimah, conductor of car. 807. , was
badly,-' cut " and; bruised,'"- but : , not i seriously.
Injured.'^; Mo torman ..W. 2S.v- Alrd \*of J' the
eameTcar^suff ered •> like*; injuries.'- ,W. .; H.
iAyickham.'i 235 { Palmer, ? street,>;was i^also
badlyJcut^up.Y Five "other ? persons, ;.who
alsp}mariaged ItoTmakejgobd J their.- escape
b*ef breathe \u25a0} policed arrived.' 1 , wereTmbre • • or,
less^bnUs'edjaridishakeriTiip*; by, falling or
beingjthrbwnfffom* the^cars.-'. . ." ; *y
•^The f accident i wag i the* result •' of -a broken
brakel on JcarJ 507." J Motofmair"Aird fsald
*appHed'{the?.brakesiand; they; refused .to
respond. '-' Shortly,"; *i\tx'4 the .-^accident . a
Pages 71 toB4
WILL RAISE FUNDS
TOE IRISH- PEOPLE
XJnited Irish League Is Pre
paring to Hold Meeting
for.That Pnrpose.
At a recent meeting of .the United Irish
League' of /this; city it was resolved to
hold a public- meeting In the near future
to, raise; funds. to aid the. lrish people to
defray the heavy expenses Incidental to a
general election - which " is sure to follow
.the, resignation, of, the, Balf our Ministry
and the -transfer* of " the Government of
England to, the ; Liberal party.. under the
leadership *of # Sir -Henry Cambpell-Ban
nerxnan. .'. \u25a0•.
";• Mr. -\u25a0: Gladstone -committed, the ..Liberal 4 '
party to the principle of. home rule, and',;
there" are In the new Cabinet many "men
who .; believe ' that the only ' settlement of r
that " disturbing question In poll- ;
tics Is the. granting toT the Irish people »
the management of their own affairs in
|* some s such »way as Canada and the Aus- \:
I trallan ' colonies possess 1 1. John Mbrley, S
Mr. .Bannerman's' chief adviser, is a pro
nouqeed Home, Ruler, as is James 'Bryce,' \
Chief \u25a0; Secretary for - Ireland, while the ~1 %
Earl- of Aberdeen, the Lord Lieutenant of ~
Ireland.', though not -a .member . of . the \u25a0'
Cabinet, was, during his « previous', admin- " %
Istratlon, one of the most popular vice- y
rbys A that : Ireland '.has had. for . many '-;
years r- and I few If any Have 'done -.more to :;
promote, and foster the cottage Industries ."
.of. the ; country^ and , to . find a profitable ->
."market* fo? them' than iaidy^ Aberdeen, j; \i,/
• The t exclusion of Lord 'Rosebery ; from.
the Cabinet Is considered' by those who
follow ' closely, the trend of British politics •
""as,' Indicating., that some ' understanding"
was '; had with John' Redmond. ' the leader :
of the Irish Parliamentary party, : regard
ing the composition of the Cabinet.* *
1 Tho ; Home - Rule party, in conjunction ,
with the representatives of the Labor par
ty £is > sure to hold . the , balance of power
In the* new Parliament. They will. thus i bw
in a position *to dictate Ito . the Govern
ment, aa ' Parnell j was • on » more " than one
occasion. £> ;* This** however;^ Is
upon i their** being .able" to ; pe-turri \u25a0as large
a - delegation } as , they possess ,'at : present.
The Tories »wlll -be sure, aswls^theLr. cus
tom,"- to "contest .every : seat' ui: order :to.ex
haust- the: slender resourqes- of ,ttheilrlsh
-.The'ilrishileaders -have, looked i forward
for; soroeT time" to* the; early- dissolution of
Pa rllam'-rnt. ", and i'they, aeel nqt> unprepared.
100 / TTP«V» Ate»« -Sold.
Jj. & M.^Alexander. 110- Mont-romery
street.- ; are , replacing" other
makes of ; typewriters iwlth^thelr latest
anditheifpllowirijr sales of L.
C;> Smith* & , Brb«. .wrlting'.ln- sight type
writers have. «J»st beeßimade:; Four ma
chines* eachUo"Unlon»Triist Bank; Hills
Bros.; Goldbergr.'.Bowen &,Co:;*U., A Sig
nal- Corps: s Metropolitan Laundry Co.;
Viavl Cp:V' and California '-Wine,. Associa
tion. Also - more * than . ten typewriters
each-toUhe'rfollowlng .cities^ .'Oakland.
Stockton. San Jose, Vlsalla,"Bakersfle!d.
Fresno, Sacramento,* ; - Reno . and. Gold
fleldJ :: : '
man came running dowm the .'. hill with a
piece *of *. the . broken " brake, which he
picked .up, at. the corner iof iQeary street,
two 'blocks ''away.
It 'was that; the : accident did
riot ""occur ssooner,' for. the brake .was ut
terly.useless. r and Motorman Alrd says he
does ; not; know how it held out as long as
it"*d"tL'\Tn~e\ collision at the; bot
tom"; of Va steep hill and \u25a0 this ; ; makes ; the
lack ' of; casualties evert the .more remark
able, as the car was running Jat a hi^h
rat" 4 «f speed when it- ran Into .the r otner
vebiclcv";, Lucki iy two bl? ElUs-street /;ara.
laden * with : passengeV*. had V just \ passed
\u25a0 the,^ corner? / Had one of, these been struck
broadside many deaths and injuri#« would
surely > have - resulted,72
SPOUTS
PAGE
FITZ'S ADMIRERS
WAGER ON HIM
Take Kindly to the Ten to
Sey^iTriloney Offere"(TT)y
Backers of Jack O'Brien
VISITORS ARE EXPECTED
Xaiiy Spectators Will Wit
ness Last Public Work
out of Fighters To-Day
The. betting on the Fitzslmmons-O'Brien
fight had hardly assumed definite shape
yesterday, although the admirers of the
Cornlshman were backing him at the per
xailing odds of 10 to ' 7.
From the number of persons who favor
the ex-champion's chances it is expected
lie will pick up in the betting before Wed
nesday. Some doubt was cast on his
ability to stand the training when the
match was announced. These doubts
have vanished, as he has done air that
has been asked of him In his work.
O'Brien is a fighter who is always in
trim. He has had a slight setback in
sustaining an injury to his Ehin while
training recently. This will hardly affect
him, as once he warms <ip he will forget
all about it.
Fitzsimaions' manager. Leon Friedman.
Bays that his charge will not announce
his seconds until just before the battle
Wednesday evening. Fitz has been at the
glove game so many years and knows bo
much about fighting that It seems hardly
necessary for him to be fortified with
the advice of seconds, - but he will have
men in his corner who will know how to
quickly restore vim", vigor and vitality to
Fitz if he should be in want of -such
elements during the mill.
This afternoon Bob will appear for the
last time in public at his training quar
ters at Croll's Gardens in Alameda. He
will punch the bag and spar with Bates
and Chester, commencing at 3 o'clock.
In order* to prevent a throng from over
crowding his gymnasium an admission
fee will be charged to see the ex-cham
pion work out. Fitz had planned to fin
ish his training to-day, but for the pur
pose of keeping himself on edge he Is to
do light exercising in private to-morrow
afternoon. In the evening he will come
to this city to await the call to battle
Wednesday night. Fitz is confident that
lie is in winning fettle, and he sees noth
ing but victory as the result of his com
ing contest with O'Brien. Yesterday Bob
coxered eight miles of Alameda's streets
and in the afternoon banged the bag and
boxed' with his training mates for a full
twenty rounds!
Collree* After Football Talent.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 16. — In a state
ment to-day President Dean W. N. Fer
rinjpf Pacific University, Forest Grove,
Or.,*charged that Eastern colleges and
also other Oregon colleges have pur
chased the services of students at
tending Pacific University showing
athletic ability and attempted to pur
chase those of other students. - \u25a0'
President Ferrin states it is well
known that twelve students of Pacific
University' have received offers, from
colleges in Oregon and Washington and
that there are at present three mem
bers of a Washington college, football
team recruited from the Pacific Univer
sity team of 19045. -
Stanford Eleven' Entertained.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 16. — Seventeen mem
bers of the Stanford University foot
ball team accompanied by Trainer Dad
Moulton and Manager Barrett were
present at a banquet given this evening
at the Hotel Vendorae. The hotel man
agement made special provision for
•the student guests and the festivities
were continued until a late hour. After
the dinner a number of the members
of the team responded to toasts. Man
ager Barrett and Trainer Moulton were
also called ur^on. The banquet took
place in the grill room of the hotel
which was given over io '• the Stan
fordites for the evening.
. \u2666 •
A ceremonial drink called assine of the
American aborigines was prepared by the
women in stone vessels, and boiled by
means of heated stones.
\u25a0 ADVEUTISEaiKNTS.
.. 1 1
. ; yv\ E IN
' Any Man Who Suffers
\u25a0 Dlzry- and despondent epells are often ex-
• -perteoced •by a weak man and -when \u25a0 aecom-
. pqnted by headachr. p«in in the back, constl-
I ation, tired feeling ln the morning, poor sleep,
poor roemorj'. epots and specks before the eyes,
> • diffidence, bashfulness. pimples en 'the face,
loss cf Oesa. low vitality, loss of energry, sedl-
ment in urine, stricture, bladder trouble en-
' Urged veins, vsrlcocele. loss of nerve force—
aay and all of thei>* symptoms may mean that
eerious nervous trouble threatens ; there is cause
; • for alarm; bced naturp's warning in Ume;.de-
•la»e are rife ngerouß; come to v*; this new «ys-
tem of treatmeat U the fineft In the world for 1
blood and nerve diseases and Is not In ireneral
use; we will treat you honorably. cur« - yen ;
promptly for a fair fee that you will be pleased
to pay when you are satisfied that you are
. well. Consultation free at office or by letter. '\u25a0
VTe make a specialty of "Home Treatment"
by mall. Houra. 9to 5: eitnlneß. 7to 8
OKKICK. 510 POWELL, ST.. V *, i
Cor. O'Farrell. Minlae bide., reception room 5 '
DRS. BOLTE & LOBAY
\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 - SPECIALISTS. *
rupture!
Cnrrd Without the C«e of Knlfr or I»nln
or Delay from Worlc
* First— We will leave a"4
' "NlMgyf moneys In the BAXK un-
49 iVSSr you **"* cured
» -JST- Vzr^. Second — We will gTiar-
* entee a perfect core »n
y^CkV^a^AWAY trr>m two to «>«ot weeks.
frg^y 47g| .- Third— Yon wlllnot be
Y7*i_ Jit 3 f |»«vent«d f roai workln* '
X/^aJ 1^ l '" t o%vlr 'c to the fact
T[//fl&<&. we can a*at , you
•T# \u25a0 J'TS eftener we can cure yon
!/ S A/A ln ioll*i 011 * we *k If you ar«
jli f /Hf.K prepared to remain auiet.
m V I 3U.TN For tne convenience ol
• many <we will accept weekly payments. Now
la tbe time to clve ns a trial ana b+i cured.
Wt bare cared Uacueanfi*; we can cure -you.
Our methods «re ibe same as practiced by the
celebrated rupture specialist* \u25a0 Dr. Q: rD. "Al-
biight of niHadelpbia. Pj.. Dr. L<ewtn of St.
1-ouiw. Mo.. *n<! other leading rapture gpecial-
• J»t«! cf the world. ." - .','.• ,
• RecerJ tesJinioiilalh : EMillT BAKEn.. »ofl
J.lBrk«t ft.; SAMPMTT. 1 Grsnt ore.; P.
CKBISTENFKN ~J2; Eddy rt. : • FltlTZ AN- i
DREAf. C 25 aay «t-: O. A. FIIEMAN. Moun-
tain View. Call cr \u25a0 write for * full ; detail*;
Hour*. O^JO «. m. to 9 p. ra.: SunQar. 10 to L
GUARANTEE RUPTURE CURE COJ,
OQQ Market SU Cor/ El©».
EIGHT ODDS REMAIN UNCHANGED
WILL REPLAY
SUNDAY'S GAME
Hornet Footballers Offer to
• Meet the Albion Hovers
Before the Season Ends
FOUR GAMES TO-DAY
Match Between Sacramento
and Santa Cruz Elevens
Postponed to Next/ Year
Four games of Association football
will be played to-day in this vi
cinity. The team just organized by
members of the Olympic Club will play
a practice match against an eleven of
Vampires on the ground at Webster
street,. Alameda, the ball being kicked
off at 11 a. m. The three other games
are regularly scheduled contests for
the championship of the California As
sociation Football League. \u25a0
I The most Interesting \u25a0 and probably
! the closest of these will be between the
! Albion Rovers and the Independents at
Freeman's Park, Golden Gate,, with C.
W. Irish as referee. The Rovers played
a strong game against the Oakland
Hornets last Sunday and the Independ
ents j won both the league champion
ship and the Union cup last season.
The Vampires will meet the' San Fran
cisco eleven on the ground at Webster
street. . Alameda, Arthur Robinson jfbe
lng the referee in the place of J. Frew,,
who was appointed to take charge of
the match, but is recovering from an
illness. The Oakland Horjiets and the
Alameda Eagles will play on the
ground at Seventh avenue and Califor
nia street, J. Cameron being the.ref-'
eree. In all the ' league matches the
ball will be kicked oft at. 2:30 p. m.
The match between the Santa Cruz
eleven and the Sacramento team, which
was scheduled to take place on the
cricket ground at Alameda to-day,
has been postponed to February IS of
next year, the Santa Cruz men being
unable to reach Alameda in time to
begin play/ at 12:30 p. ra. The post
poned match will', probably take place
at Freeman's Park. Santa Cruz beat
the Eagles three goals to one in last
Sunday's match at Alameda.
Last Sunday's match between the
Oakland Hornets, then standing at the
head of the league, and the Albion Ro
vers was an unusually keen one and
required a firm j and experienced ref
eree. The Rovers complained bitterly
cf the decisions of the referee and one
goal was denied them which many of
the best judges of the game who saw
the play believed should have been
awarded to them. But as a set-off
against this one goal was ; given to
them which probably ought not to have
been counted for them. < After-, the
match was over there was much talk
of the Rovers withdrawing from the
league, but all this has been set, at rest
by the generous offer of the Hornets to
replay the match, an offer which has
been accepted by the Rovers. In con
sequence of the Hornets giving up the
two points awarded to them by the ref
eree for last Sunday's match, the Vam
pires now stand at the head of the
league table 'with 10 points. To obtain
these, however, they have played six
games, while the Hornets have; played
only four games, all of which they have
won.
The Santa Cruz eleven scored for the
first time when they defeated the
Eagles last Sunday on the ground at
Alameda. The Independents, though
third on the list, have scored more
goals (21) than any other, team. The
Hornets' team was weakened in lasc
Sunday's match against the Rovers by
the absence of H. R. Elliot, the cap
lain and right fullback, and of Harry
Bird, one of the halfbacks. It became
necessary to bring Mackenzie from his
place at center forward into the' back
line, where he played an excellent
game, though he keeps closer to the
goal than Elliot. Christensen was hurt
early In the game' and McLachlan was
not in good condition. The Rover for^
ward line is excellent and keeps bom
barding the opponents' "goal, -but,*- with
its full strength In the field, the Hor
nets should gain a victory. The.Hor
net defense . is . so '. good that "in four
matches only onegoal has been scored
against it. . The positions of the teams
are shown Jn the table:" . '. >
CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION " FOOTBALL
> LEAGUE. 1905-1906— STANDING FOB
CHAMPIONSHIP, . DEC. lq, . 1905.
' Matches. 1 Goals. *3 I
CLUBS. ? T I : E. " ; .
I • •\u25a0'..,. ''.[ i ; '..
Vampires 6 5 1 0 18 4 (10
Oakland Hornets... 4 4 0 0 17 .1 8
Albion Rovers .... 5 3 11 12 4 7
Independents . .. « 3 2 1 21 7 7
San Francisco ..... 4 1 1 2 8 « 4
Eagles 6 14 1 6 19 3
eantaCru*-. « 16 0 6 28 2
Sacramemo .... 5 0 4 1 219 1
The annual meeting of the California
Association Football : Referees' Union
was beld during .the week and the fol
lowing omcers were "elected -for the
coming year: Arthur.Robinson,;chair
man; Henry Roberts,; secretary; C. W.
Irish, J. Frew and the ,; chairman, ex
oflicio, comprise the, executive commit^ •
tee. The examination' board and selec
tion , committee consist of * ' Arthur ' Rob
inson and Henry, Roberts; . • ..
The open general, meeting of the C.
A. F. Union wifl : be held' at . Foresters'
Hall on O* Farrell street 1 on the 23d inst.
Representatives of all the clubs will be
in attendance and refreshments will be
served. The.- members^: of . the-; Inde-'
pendent eleven w^lll ' receive , the medals
captured by them as; winners ; of: last
season's "\u25a0 championship"; of. the '\u25a0 league.
The C. .'A; , F. ; Union : cup, also Iwon- by
them last season, will , be presented. : \u25a0
Arrangements will "be made . for :an
eleven to." visit Stanford -University tto
play a game there,' probably, during, the
first week in' January.? In order: to giye
the undergraduates . an j insight into the
game t the visiting^ players. Lwho **:' will
probably be the Hornets, I will be. divid
ed and some of the university men will
be;taken Into* the '\*isltingj team. y
The following new players; have been
registered .with;; the ;. league: -Santa
Cruz— Ernest Dabadie, \u25a0 Francis Budge 111 1
and O. H. Xormand; Oakland Hornets —
Bryson Hamilton, : William v v McGregor,
Archie Monroe, F..H.;Fewster and Ar
nold Hunter;-^lndependents~-Godfrey
.Watt; San • Francisco— Christian : Holmes
and Ernest Eastwood. , , -
' Wrentler Kogeri ; Injured.
UTICA, N. , Y.; ? Dec. 16.— 1n"; looking
for "an- advantage in\ the preliminary,
of : their wrestling r match .* here ; \ last'
night. .Frank £Gotch.; America's fcham-'
pion, and .'\. Charley ,| (Yankee) / Rogers J
clinched ; andhwent jdown^ heavily^ to-,
gether.-. ; Gotch; fell- on '.)\u25a0. Rogers': .7 right
ankl e. " 30 } severely. i wrenching^ it * that
medical attention*, was necessary.' 1 ' Rbg-*
era' will not. be; able : to wrestle again
for several* months, \u0084,•'' ;*-
rTHE^SAN^?^
DAMP COURTS
PREVENT PLAY
Tennis; Tournament . of the
Ladies' Glub Is postponed
to Some Later Date
JUNIORS WILL COMPETE
31 any Entries Received for
Class Singles Among
Youthful Park
The -tennis courts were too wet to per
mit of playing yesterday so ' the ladies'
handicap singles \ tournament : scheduled
for the" park courts.' had to be postponed.
There will j be no tournament \u25a0 play on the
courts to-day. "/:' ' \u25a0-"... - . ,
The members of the Golden Gate Junior
Tennis Club will meet in a class singles
event to-morrow. -».' V
The players have ? been • • divided \u25a0 into
three. classes. • The prizes iln' the first and
second classes will be rackets. -V, The third
class 'players' '"will compete"; f or . a ( bicycle,
which has been offered by a. friend 'of
Mr. Marvin's, the manager^ The runner
up in. this class will receive a racket; *
In : the first class there-are but .five en
trants. \u25a0'-. Maurice . McLoughlin.' the r club
champion, ;\u25a0 will be called 1 upon to play
from ; 15 back ( of scratch. ; ;In i the last
scratch \u25a0 tournament Robert ; Strachan
came close to beating the champion, and
the latter stands . an excellent chance of
having his colors lowered for the first
time. .
Midget John Strachan looks V best of
those entered in . the second \u25a0 class. : The
third class is by. : far the largest of , the,
three and i it ' would 'be a difficult : matter,
to pick the winner. The drawing which
was hold last night resulted as follows: ;;
First class— Harold Getz vs. Norris-Lev
inson; | Robert Strachan ; vs. j H- r . Guerln;
Maurice McLoughlin (owe 15), a bye. • . ;
Second class— B. Batkln vs. J. Strachan;
Dr. Easton vs. W. \u25a0 Patterson: C. Sonntag
vs. "W. ; Marcus; DJBrough,; a' bye. ;
Third class (preliminary round)— C. Ax-,
elrod vs. H. Crane; J. Brustein vs. ; F.
Hobson; T. Curtis vs. R.,Braun; W. Vod
den vs. F. Maggs; S. West v»: T. Wil
liams ; A. Greenberg vs. W. Murray ; A.
Goldstein vs. R. Smith: R. Williams ; vs.
R. Cohn; H. Garcia vs. N. Abbott; A.
Field vs. E. Huff; W. Smith vs. H. Levin
son ; C. Torrey vs. D. Price. ;U .
First round (upper half)— J. McCormlck
vs. R. Lorentz. \
First round (lower half )— H. Herndon
vs. D. Clark. , *
DOLPHIN OARSMEN PREPARE
FOR THEIR ANNUAL. MEETING
Bant ho tine und Equipment Are Put Into
\u25a0v Thorough Order In Readiness for '
The following] have been, nominated
by. the nominating. committee, (consist
ing of James Thurman, A.' Bertrand, E.
Rolls, R. O'Hea ; and C. M. Farrell) as
candidates at the next election of offi
cers of the Dolphin Swimming and
Boating c Club: For president, J. J. Cro
nin; for vice president, "W. L,. Bush; for
recording secretary, A. Bertrand; for
financial secretary, F. C Staib; for
treasurer, Adam Schuppert; for captain,
C. M. Farrell; -for- lieutenant captain,
W. Harris; for sergeant-at-arms, Emil
Barthold ; for members' of the executive
committee— Steve Vicinl and Joseph
Kehrlein; ; for delegates to the Pacific
Association : of; the Amateur Athletic
Union— Al P. Rothkopf. A. W. Pape and
W. O. Patch; : f or ~ delegates to the Pa
cific Association of Amateur Oarsmen —
James Thurman, T. R: : Dixon and H.
McKevltt; for the board of trustees^ —
W. Remensperger, Frank Curry and
Con A KennlCE. . ;.|
The annual banquet > and : . reunion ; of
the members of ; the Dolphin Club will
be held at a downtown restaurant ;on
Saturday evening, ; January ; 6. ; The ar-,
rangements are inthe bands of a com- ,
mlttee* Consisting 'ot i J."-' J. >\u25a0 Cronin. "W. \
Remensperger, ,VaL Kehrlein. A. Ber- ;
trand and F. C. Staib,'. who intend ,that :
the banquet shall : surpass all previous i
ones held by. the vclub; v ;" ; The - officers i
elected for the : comlog term will' b«* In
stalled at the banquet, according - to
custom. : .
' The rowing men ' have ; not :been : .very
active lately, but: a good "deal of atten
tion-, has "been directed -to; putting the !
clubhouse and the, equipment firito good
order, i Repairs have been completed on
the roof of the v clubhouse." the , piling
under the wharf and the gangway. The
barge ""Arlon. which i was damaged • on
, the v day ; ; before • ; .Thanksgi ving,,,' has
been thoroughly repaired and Is now in
the boatrooniA- J.R.'Keenan is engaged
in putting the barge,* California" 'into
nrst-class condition in, readiness for the
four-oared barge races that, will'' take '
place pearly : next j year.> : It r; Is probable '
a new .. four-oared ; pleasure -. barge V; will
be acquired; by.; the club \ J . for," the use of i
its* members to replace one that has I
grown old.. .•. • . . \u0084-..; -;. ';" , '..'.•;;-'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'
:.. JC ; W.'y Pape, the well-know^n single \u25a0
shell champion of the Pacific Coast, has !
been , at y ßeno,*lNev.; but; is, expected to :
rf turn to thisclty in a" day or t two.>Re- ' .
ceiitly;:he took- part in J; a";; wrestling \
match and also.! assumed - the", part of; a
girl, in an; amateur 'theatrical: perform- j
anceTat* Reno..*.; He be -welcomed
back by}his fellow-members: . . ' -
/The Dolphin ' Club is acquiring, a little '\u25a0
fleet of: gasolin«ji launches. v^W." Harris
has ; installed' a' new, Buffalo t marine en- !
gine ; in his launch^- and *;> has * added a
cabin;; which jrendersher^a'muchj more j
comfortable^ craft > fori cruising f on ' the ;
bay.^ A ' new ;-;motor. '•'; boat,;; named i the .'
bblphiri,; owned i byiLeo : ( Wienand, :n is 'at
moorings off|the ; clubhouse; at ,the.' foot
of Hyde . street.'. ' ";- r " '
Regensburg's American Cigar, Imitated
by others, equaled by none.'?: l for 25c ;• '\u25a0
Live Stock on ; exhibition.
I CHICAGO, ; Dec. j 1 6.^-Thel annual ex
hibition of H : the /> International' J Live
Stock • ShowJ opened ; to-day ') in '< the; new
buildlng. r erftcted '. for .the' pnrpose" at ,the
stock j yards. '-^ Breeders \ from \ all S parts
of .the f country andPmany? f rom' Canada
are represented' and ? the affair: promises
to be'^ the .largest J'of ' its I k lnd fever held
In; thelWest. .: Animals. numbering 2500
areentereJl '."/;> .I; C '':'"\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0: ; ' \u25a0\u25a0•'\u25a0'
The y judging ; of:,the> merits of the
live* stoek i by, i the students of the vari
ous ; agricultural -[colleges/ inH the • West
has ' b ecome ' a* great feature of . the show
and rivalry, between 1 the different Insti
tutions is: keen.^ • ; ' VV-'"''."'": ;; i: \u25a0 '\u25a0?\u25a0
New Zealana Team! Defeated.
LONDON*. ; Dec. IC.^- Wales : defeated
New, Zealand ; football ;n team *; \u25a0 (Rugby
rules) : at ; Cardiff i this faf ternooiT* by) 3 ; to"
0;* thusl administering^ to^the^vlsitors
the , flrst r dcf eatUheylhaveffluffel-edrdur
ing -their tour; of jthelUnited Kingdom!
\u25a0 5300 .,''.',..- . .\u25a0" »
In Prices and Cash ,
.... : :- : ,; \u25a0•^FREE." 5 .'. '•', , ' '
;;; See - the Christmas j' Free -Contest •on
pages . 48 and 48^ - - .; ; \u25a0\u25a0>- \u25a0 • • •=_-»
SEVERE TRIALS
FOR COURSERS
Hares Prove Unexpectedly
Strong in the First
of the Open Stake
FOUR HOUNDS DRAWN
Mickey Free, Daisy Kocket,
Siroc and Butt In Are
the Principal Sufferers
Theaeverlty of the trials in the first
round ;of the ; open stake; for s srey?
hounds at 'Ingleslde Coursing Park yes
terday i ruined whatever chances some
of the 'dogs had. Among: the chief suf
ferers were Mickey Free, Daisy Rocket,
Siroc and' Butt In. All of | these .: had
such "severe trials; that they, were not
able to start in the second round. .
- - The stake was finally won <* by ;G.
Wright's Dolly Bishop by default, Koko
Rica being withdrawn. ".'" .' '' :
The day's i results,"" with \u25a0 Judge John
Sutton'B official scores, follow:
Open stake— Dolly Bishop beatßusy
Boy, 8-2; Rocklda beat Nellie N, 7-6;
Lady, Fieldwick beat Rapid Water, 10
5; D. R. beat' Whiskey Dick, 7-2 j Blue
Bells > beat Jim Ryan,: 4-3; Fairmount
Lass beat Golden. ldol, 13-8: .Mickey.
Free beat \u25a0 Galveston. 23-10; | Fiddler
beat Presidio Girl, '7-1: Young * Kerry
Pippin beat Golden Buck, 6-1; The Mint
beat" Free -Rock, 3-2; Doretta* beat-R.
W.i ';:-, 13-9; Daisy Rocket beat:.: Real
Duchess, /28-7; Siroc beat- Our: Motto,
127-9; Jimmy Lyons, beat Idleness, A-Z;.
Sunny Shore beat Gallant Tipperary,
4-2; InTlme beat Butte City,; 13-4; D
omestic Lad beat Gallant Friend. ! 6^4;
Sweetness beat Gloomy Gus, 1 7-2;- Bott
In beat Boutonhiere. 6-0;: The ; Limit
beat Lampre Eel, 7-4; Koko Rica \ beat
Wild : Peas. 6-5; Crazy Jane beat The
Earl, 12-5; Miss ; Brummel ' beat Lulu.
Girl, 6-0; Our Bessie .beat Far
Echo, 6-8; Rock Roller beat Foots Easy,
6-1; Stlngaree beat Fiery Eye,' 10-2;
Black Coon beat; Royal ; Friend, 10-8;
Blanche Jewett beat Queens Beauty,
4-3; iEdenvale beat Ina Cissus. 5-2;
Camber} beat Lupin. 8-3; Jimmy. Allen
beat Blue Eyes, 5-3; Judge beat Prome
theus. 3-2. ":';\u25a0\u25a0'"\u25a0•: v : '
..Second round- — Dolly Bishop beat
Rock Ida, 5-0;. Lady : Field wich . beat
D. R:'l7-9; ; Blue Bells : beat? Fairmount
Lass,:4-2; Fiddler. a bye. 'Mickey Free
withdrawn; The Mint beat Young Kerf
ry ; Pippin; • 6-3 ; Doretta a bye. • Daisy
Rocket withdrawn; Jimmy Lyons a bye,
Siroc: withdrawn; Sunny Shore beat In
Time, 7-1; : Sweetness beat ; Domestic
Lad, 7-2; Butt In beat The Limit, 16-14;
Koko Rica beat Crazy Jane, 5-3; Miss
Brummel beat Our Bessie, 7-6; \u25a0Stlng
aree beat /Rock, Roller. • 4-3; Blanche
Jewett beat ; Black Coon, 5-3; ; : Camber
beat Ed en vale, 15-6; Jimmy Allen beat
Judge. 6-4.' ; . . . v*v '* \u25a0'.' ": r
Third round — Dolly. Bishop beat Lady"
Field wich, 5-3; Fiddler beat Blue Bells,
6-o;. : Doretta beat The-Mint^:B^o;"Jim
my Lyons beat, fiu,nny y- Shore",''* 24-18;
Sweetness a bye, 1 'Butt 'In withdrawn;
Koko "Rica beat Miss Tf Brummel; -.7-4;
Stingaree -beat Blanche Jewett, 8-0;
Camber a bye, Jimmy/Allen withdrawn.
' Fourth round— Dolly 'Bishop beat
Fiddler,. 4-2; Doretta a bye, Jimmy Ly
6ns withdrawn; Koko Rica beat' Swee
tness, 10-7; Blanche Jewett beat Camb
er. n-8..- ',:/• --/.'-.\u25a0 - :-::;> ;•.•.. \u25a0r.-^-i
:- Fifth round— Dolly, Bishop beat Do
retta,': 4-3; Koko Rica beat Blanche
Jewett. 9-7. v, . ,
Deciding course— »G. Wright's Dolly
Bishop * (Cronln's WildsTralee-Mollle
Mack) won by default,- G.\Netnercott's
Koko Rica (Rocker-Freda C.) with
drawn. - \u25a0.-\u25a0' ':;\u25a0 :\u25a0:'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'."' ? '.:.'.'\u25a0- .'.•.,".'
Weather Report. >'"\u25a0
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.) -
: SAN FRANCISCO, :\ I>ec.' 16—5 p. m.' :
The following maximum and' minimum tem
peratures are , resorted for previous day: ; \u25a0\u25a0_\u25a0.'
....... 30- 28 <Pittsburg .::..... 82-24"
Chicago ......... .36-28 St. Ixxils . : . .3(3-24
Boston ...22-20 Washington .....30-26
New' York ...... 30-26 New ' Orleans ....30-26
Philadelphia : . . . . 28-24 Honolulu, -H. T. . 76-64
SAN FRANCISCO^. ...... 56-46 . J , ;
The following. ar« the seasonal rainfalls to
date. >as t compared •; with : thogs \u25a0 of . the i
date last season, and \u25a0, the rainfall , in the last
twenty-four hours: \u25a0\u25a0-. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.' \u25a0 «" . \
\u25a0 Last -This ' lAst .
Stations— ;24 hours. ' Season.-- Season.
Eureka ............ :0.21 6.07 11.61
Red Bluff :........; Tr. 2.13 11.63
Sacramento ........ .0.02 1.35 7.00
Bar. FrancUco .....0.02 -1.34 ••'•'. 9.00
San Jose; ...........0.00 . 2.27 5.05
Fresno ..:.'. ..i.;. :.. 0.00 • *.' .96- 6.07
Inflependence ...::. :. 0. 00 .' -.43 -.45
San Tjuls Oblspo..;-. 0.00 2.00 V 4.73
Los Angeles .....'.^0.00 1.08- 1.49
San D10g0w.. .;..., -.O.OO:;.; \u25a0 4.29.:- .24
THE ) OOABT: RECX)RD.
- \u25a0 • ill II so: -..•\u25a0§
• \u25a0 ? ? • '. '\u25a0\u25a0 •
Baker ....... .30.32 -AS 20 ' B Cloudy .- .00
Reno . ; .30.14 60 26 S ; Clear .00
Eureka • 5 . : . ; . 30. 14 68 ..18 '\u25a0'--. \u25a0 Cloudy %:: 00
Fresno ........80.14 «0 ; 42, .NE' Clear i :.00
8. E. Farallon 30. IT >67 &4 -\u25a0 NW , Pt Cldy .21
Flagstaff;..... 29.Mt 48 14. SW ; Clear- -.00
Independence \u25a0 30.06 ; '64 34 W, : Clear '\u25a0\u25a0% : .00
.Los An(?eles.r.3o.o2 66 44 W i: Clear ' \OO
Mt. Taxn'paJs 30.20 : 46 41 NW .': Clear -- . . IS
North Head .28.88 62 40 SB V Rain .68
Phounlx ...... '29. 06 TO;- 42 SWv Clear. .00
m. r Reyes . L't.So.*l3 ;68 48 NW « Clear .20
Pocatello '\u25a0 :. : . .80. 14 \u25a0\u25a0 44 % 20 ;. B r<< Clear ? .00
Portland .. ...29.99 62 ; 38 IS , Cloudy .56
Bed Bluff . . .30. 18 6fl 8« .; N ; Clear T.
Rosebunr \u25a0-\u25a0'. .V.30.04 ': 66 30 'BE ~ S Cloudy i. 02
Sacramento . .30.16 -.68.V44' N "' \ Clear ' : -.02
Salt * lAke ..80.16 : 44:24 BW Clear' ;0O
San Francisco.Bo.2o 68 46 ; W Clear :.O2
San " Jo«e -;.:: 30. 18 •\u25a0D 8 ; 40 NW: Clear .: .00
8. L. ". Oblspo.~-.30.08 %62 \u25a0 48 r N ' Clear r \ ".00
Ban Diego. ..-.29.38 '60 48 NW' Clear .00
5eatt1e ........ 29.96 -48 34 SE ; Rain. \u25a0 .38
Spokane . ... .30.06 36 .24 rSW :. Cloudy \->.06
Tat(»osh . . .". .. 29.82 48 44 E\u25a0> '\u25a0:: Rnln - ,f,
WaUa-Walta:.Bo.o6 44 24 SEr Cloudy - T."
Wlnremucca .30.22 v ; 4« \u25a010 SW Clear. : 100
Tnma -..;.-;/.. 29.88' 70/144; NW.v Clear i^ .00
WEATOER \u25a0VCONDITIONS/'''AND.? OENERAi;
FORECAST.
. .The pressure has risen 'rapidly over the coast
north of the : Tehachapl: \u25a0 Comparatively t mtte
rain , fell ln : Northe,rn • California.^ Rain •\u25a0 is • now
fal ling ; in Washl ngton ' and / Northern I Oregon.
The followlns i high winds are I reported: j Port
land 1 26, southwest. - and '\u25a0 North , Head, rr 43,
southeast; \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0.- \u25a0. \u25a0 '-•<;-:;\u25a0 \u25a0•.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0:-•:\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0:'..:•- >,
•• * The Indications "are" that I th« weather win b«
fair during the greater portion : of Sunday, with
Heht to heavy ; frost t ln \u25a0 the > morning. . .- -> \u25a0
? ' Q. « FORECAST FOR 5 DECEMBER 17.
1 1 San Francisco ; and % vleinity— Cloudy | Banday ;
light ; northeast .winds, -. changing to ) westerly, s 1
n l*>* Angeles and vicinity— Fair Sunday ; light
northeast winds, s changing 'to -westerly.*. •-
Sacramento t Valley— Fair i grmday,' with : , f roit
in th« morning; light north \ wind*. r+3*?±%\<m. ±:
11 San i Joaqum vValley— Fair,' Sunday; . frost |in
morning; s lii;ht: north- winds.'*' .^ir; \u25a0 T \u25a0\u25a0•/\u25a0:.-"\u25a0• \u25a0
:; Coast — Cloudy Sunday; ;Ilgbt" east winds.
;,, Nevada — Fair. Sunday.. vS'-:.y ;•;>\u25a0\u25a0.:"\u25a0\u25a0 .\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
:'.;.:;-\u25a0; A. G.] McADlEr* District SVrecaater. Y
SKULL AND CRUSHED jt/ '.; , ;
\u25a0 • -\u25a0 "\u25a0: : :V.'BYVTREB i ;HBIWAS V ; FELLING
1 Woodsman ; at 1 Work ' Near 'i Santa Crn»
M«et« VrVlth .. Accident That " : - '•'
; -;;.:;^^r;-.;^.wiH : Prbve'FataL?':> \u25a0['
\u25a0••; \u25a0'$ S ANT A ; CRUZ^Dec:^ l€.~^John i;
I a %woodsman^employed fat f a'^,' mill "^ at
! Laurel,^' tofday^meti^ with accident
; whieh^ probably; will { proye! f atal.^A* tf ee
Jie^was g t lelling^ toppledf o ver| and | pin-
groundrWHls JskuH
Iwas • fractured 'and \u25a0 bis chest 1 crushe&fgaJ
DURNELL'S VINO
WINS HANDICAP
Defeats Ketrbpaw,; the Out
sider, by . a Scant He#
at the Finish :; of Eace
HIS THI^^TIGTORY
Peeping ; Tom rLeads for , a
Timeibut Breal^^Down
and v Has to Be Destroyed
LOS ; ANGELES, } Dec. ;,16,— yino?< C.' -E.
Durhell's good two r year-*>ld, won the Cali
fornia Club handicap, • the' btg; race7on the
card < at ; Ascot to-day, .from : a large field
of - youngsters." ;' Vino' j /.victory ; bis
third successive one since he was claimed
out of a selling r race by Durnell f or fIIOQ.
It stamps ;h}m \u25a0 : '. as /one ( of /the ; shiftiest
youngsters \u25a0 now at "Ascot, f. The i: distance
was one- mile;:'and Vino was made favor-.
He,' but receded in the betting from « to
5 to 7 to 5." ; ;.-, v; "\u25a0\u25a0 \u0084..•"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0; \u25a0; \u25a0 ..
\u25a07 There; was' aV strong: play • on' the Wil
liams ; entry , s j Silver; Sue land Thed Case,
and 'on Holland's entry, | Capias and ,' Bri
bery. \ Peeping iTora 1 took I the lead/at j the
start,' but broke down at the first quarter
and ', had -to tbe \ destroyed. '; Vino fought
out theifinishtwUhi'Retropaw, 'a- 15 :.td-l
shot/ arid fwdn jby a. head only, with Cello
third,- two lengths i away.:::
Rodolf o - at : 20 ; to 1, Foxhall at 6 ' to 5,
Don Domo at 7 to 2, Mal^Lowery at 3 to
15 and . Albodo at 3 ; to ": 1 ; were the other
winners.* There was a big Saturday, crowd
in attendance- and the twenty books \ came
out first best - in ; the speculation. Weather
clear,' track- fast. .Results:
: , First". race.V six 'furlongs— Rodolf 6, 114
(W. Smith), 20 to.l. won; B. C. Runte, 119
'Oy.vpugan);~4 to i, ; : ; second; Pachuca, ; 119
(Palms), -20 to U '- third. Time, : 1:16%. .. Ru
biana, Dollie • Philanthropist,
Tattanhanx*-.Whlte % Stone, Straggler and
Pearl Waters 'also ran. ': \u0084
: Second? race," 'five' and, ay half furlongs—
Foxhall, 107i(W.' Buchanan), 6 to 5,' won;
Loyal ;Front,T 104 :(F.- Walsh), ,13 to 5, sec
•nd;:Dr.;McCarty,ylol (McDanlel), 12 to
1, -third. c, Time, .l:oB. Water Fox, Betsy,
Colonel { Bronstori, ;' Orilene, Babe B, An-,
tara- and Daisy ; Brouck also ran. -
• Third race, Futurity, course— Don Doino,
105 (Preston) , . 7 to • 2, ' won ; ; Escalante, 108
(McDanlel)," 3 to 2, second; : La- Londe. 103
(W.^ Buchanan), 7 to 2, third. Time; 1:10.
Eugenia : Burch, :" El , Otros, Bologna and
Ralbert also-ran-; . t;-*l ' \u25a0. : \u25a0 rr*-C;
•;, Fourth race, California Club handicap,
'one ; mile, :$1250!* added-fVino, .. 112 (W.
.Wiley), 7 -to 5, won;. Retropaw,-; 107^ (J.
Harris), 12 to L second; Cello, 102 fKunx),
15 to'L third. Time,, 1:42. Silver Sue, W.
H. Carey,'; ., Capias . Azora, LTheo . Case,
Bribery, ' Peeping ; Tom and ', Lillie B \ also
rani' -''l;. ..'\u25a0"\u25a0•.\u25a0•\u25a0"": . ; /.'\u25a0'\u25a0 r.':.':'-'-''r .':.':'-'-'' \u25a0- \u25a0;;:\u25a0> -\u0084
* Fifth Jace, i mile and fi't^- yards— Mai
Lowery. 102 -(W.". Miller), 3 to 1. won; Va
rieties,'; B8 (J. ; Harris),. 12 ta 6, second;
Bavarian." , 93 ' (W., Walker) , ''. 18 to 8, third-
Time;; 1:43^4; .' Judge' penton," Wyefleld and
Sais 'also ran.' '. ;/-;",».. '\u25a0 ...;... '
; ;\u25a0* Sixth**; race, . i str ' v t urlongs— : Alsono; ' 124
(Waterbury), 3 to 1, won: Bailey, 115 (Mo
riarlty), 20 to 1, second; Lady Kispar, 110
(G. '[ Nichols), 5 12 . t0 X third. Time. 1:15%.
Elfln ! King, Hllona; Beautiful . and Best.
Grand ? Duchess, : El - Donoso : and Shady
Lad also ran. \u25a0' ':\u25a0.':\u25a0_ ': • ,
Ben * Hodder Tidcea Derby Handicap. !
NEW ORLEANS, ;: Dec. . 16.— Fair
Grounds racing results:' ;;.
,-: First race.. live and a half furlongs—
Deuxtemps' won.- - Forxnaster second.
Fruit third:v Time. l:lo 4-6. /
Second T ace. ; one mile and seventy
yards-— Decoration, won." Wedgewood
second, Fred Hornbeck t third. Time,
i:544-5.;;;. ;.-*.- v : •.\u25a0::-: \u25a0 .- .' :• ' ,;
".\u25a0' Third race, two miles— Cashier won,
Ponca second, -Auromaster" thirds- Time,
3:49 i-5.: "\u25a0" \u25a0 •;\u25a0:;\u25a0:•-. ;\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0
, Fourth ;. race. Preliminary . Derby
handicap, two-year-olds, six furlongs—
Ben ; Hodder N.won. v James Reddick sec
ond, Delmore: third. : Time. 1:17 4-5.*; <
V r Fifth race, one . mil© and seventy
yards— Lady ? .~ Ellison • won. Colonel
White :«econd,. Sincerity Belle third.
Tline,M:sK 4 \u25a0 ,
j Sixth race, one- mile- and ; seventy
yards-^-Light Note won. Safeguard
second; Athena third. Time, 1:53 4-S. '
Cypress*, Stakes for Lnrallghter.
NEW/ORLEANS, Dec. 16.— City Park
racing 'results: .'\u25a0\u25a0;' ' ,*
"\u25a0First Trace;- one and . three-sixteenth
miles— lvanhoe • " p ; \u25a0won. .Cu ratal'/ second,
: Falernianf third. <, Time;; 2:10 2-5. ;
.:.:: Second . race.l five f urlongs— Mint \u25a0 Boy
won, -Malleable second. ' Mat hi as third, i
Tlme>l:o6 2Ts.^v.2 T 5.^v. • /•:. . -. " - \u25a0 \u25a0'•; \u25a0"..:
...' .Third ;ra*cei handicap,; six furlongs— -'•
.Toscan ; won.; Ous Heidorn r second, > Lucy
:Toung.thif(i.<TJme, 1:20. ; f
. ; Fourtlfrace. 1 one and an "eighth ' miles
— Cypreft?^ stakes~Luralighter /won, ;
Kleenwood'^rseeond/v" Harry 'Stephens
thlrd." ; iTime!'2:«Sj2-5.>: "; ' " i
'.' : Fifth fraee, ;se'vsn* f urlongs— rEchodale
won,;; Josette second. /AlgonQuin third.
Tlm*,il:B6;l-5.w l n^v; \u25a0\u25a0/\u25a0\u25a0.r ; .. ; : ; \u25a0. \u25a0--•\u25a0• y' " .
i':'Slxth| race,; bne"^ and a sixteenth Vmile
'- — Lampadrome .' ..won, . j Double ' v second,
li€iyson%third. v I Time/ 1 :68 r 4-5:
ACTORS '' OF. S AJTTA CRUZ
\u25a0U' ,Jr ; '^\l*BESKlfT f EXTRAVAGABTZA
; SANTA CRUZ/ Dec/ l«.^-:The extrava
gaiiza, "The- Recruae," was givenat the
opera-house to-night by local stars ' for
the v . i benefit V•'of \ . '\u25a0:\u25a0 Calvary K ., ' Episcopal
Church. The leading roles were * taken
by Howard Bush and Mies Penny of Los
.Gatos7?£ Others lln ] were: " Miss
Stanley , Bliss,; Miss Laura Bush, Ember t
Mosher, i \u25a0 Miss \u2666Dessie '-<- Mon ihan. Miss
L«ina Parker, . Miss MI gTion Harmon and
Miss Siizette Marquise. '
. Weli-Knbwn*; Jurist Very : 111.
SANTA* RO9AJ- Dec. ',; IC.^-Judge Elijah
iD. 3 Ham i*ls v «lylng ' at 1 his j home : " on ? Col^
legeTavenue ?in< this . dty.v'j He has been
In %at critical s for i many . days.
4 About i two J jnbnths'agx) ]he} had • a Blight
r stroke of - paralyslifl • "Judge : Ham ! la one
! of . the jbestf known 'jurists \ln > the^ State.
ForielKhteenJyears'.ne^was • Superior
Judge In Kapa, County." f: :v ~ V '-''\u25a0
;The sea 'canal ? from ; Cronstadt , to St.
Petersburg is to be deepened to twenty
eight ? f eeWfindt «uays i are *' to j bej built
from 5 thel mouth ; of /the r Ekaterlnhof
rivulet " ( to the entrance of the canaL
'\u25a0 "* Domestic' ..\ ...."_.;• etc- .
r Foreign . ;>.;:... .lie \u25a0-; \u25a0
. bornestic?postag« : includes Mall
points inlf/tibe^ United i^ States,' ;
' Meiicb.iCanada,^ Hawaiian^lsl^
: and»o Philippine Islands; Porto'
'-Ricoi and \GiuxL;Y!i ":-;,'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• :' I'-jXY:
Mail this : sumptuous paper to
£ your 1 ? friends! in v the^ East and
v ;.J ;^^ -/\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0; ;;.\u25a0;- \u25a0
The Call's Racing Form Chart
INGLESIDE— Saturday, Dec. 16. Weather fine. Track muddy.
:. E. C. HOPPER. Prt»i<ites Jtrfgo. ' ~ J. J. *HOL^MAN. Starter.
0031. FIRST RACE— 1 3-16 miles/ lelUni; three-year-olds and up; ralne to Orrt, $325.
]nd«| : Hone iml Owßtf, \u25a0 . - rwttSt..S4. \j. '-%. Str. Fin. { Jockey, f Op. Ct
! : -£*4? (Orchan. 4 (C. : E.- , Durnell) . . . . U>6 12 I^l 2%1 2%1*4 1 5 iMcßrtde ... 1-5 3-2
/o^,i^? onar -- 33 < Stve ne & 50n)..... 9S 5 4 2 47. 3 44-2 n2 2 Robinson.. 12 30
' ( 2^>| Is «be»»ta. 3 (3: M. Crane).... 10T 3 Ins 2 1%2 2&3 3 3 lWKnapp 8-5 % 2
f£S Warte Xicht. 5 ( Wllkertem) . . 101 4 3%3Vt 4 3 4 5 4 2*i Bock ...... '5 3-2
.5933 Ira*. 5 (W. Durker)!.,.. 103 7 5 2W6 5 5 1%5 Vi 5 lfc C. Wright.. 6 12
W«3 Expedient, a (Thomas & Co.). 107 2 8 8 61 81 62 IMinder 15 60
: ff2s Tar ri«an, a (McCarthy)^;.... 105 « 7 2%7 h7 2 7107 15 |T. Clark.... 20 .60
ases Jog Roaa, 4 <Dc l Monte -Stable) IC2 8 6 1%5 n 8 8 3 |J. J. Walsh 10 2ft
Tlm $l'£ 5 %- :50< ' l»'l »' 1:17%. 1:44. 2rf««. At post % minute. Off at 2:63. Orchan. plae».
.- 7-lOt «hpw, 2-5.. Bonar. place. 10: show. 4. IsabflUta. show. 1-4. Winner, br. 5.. by
'. ursinl-Princess Prodigal. Trained by C. E. Duroell. : Scratched — GTenrlce. Ora McKln
, ney. start grood. Won pulling up. Balance driving.- Hlgheat prices — Orchan S-5. l»a
'\u25a0•> »ii *_ "*• ' "Winner bid up rroin $ICO to $1100 by J. E. Case- and J. de la Montanya.
: £f? a d ae^ Going was mod* to order for Orchan. and he merely galloped from start to.
nnisn. Bonar ts improving. . IsabeHUa "never fancied a slushy track. Too far for Wart»
- a lent. Iras ran a wretched race and can do better. Expedient a poor mud horse. Jc»
['.\u25a0••\u25a0Bw Mfcea about 90 pounds. . --\u25a0 - -•\u25a0\u25a0-
j 8052. SECOX D RACE— PIy« furlongs: selling;. 3-year-olds and upward; value to flrst.,s42o.
lotet Hatw and Owner. fWtjSt. fc. %. %. Str. Fin. t Jockey, j Op. a
'^7 r^^i^J 5^ (H - Qnen)......U»'4 ... 2 1%1 113 1 4 |P. PhUllps. 8 11-21
S^i^ 01 * I^} 3 fountain).. 104 8 ... Bhfth.s % 2 h. Wright .... 8 isj
' ikk-^ %?J3?''? 5S vm * a & c 0.)... i» 5 ... 4h3h 4 ta 3 Dickson ..: 15 iaA
> MI? S^ I**1 ** 5 % aUcer * McK > "° « ••• «%T1 724 h* Prior ....... 8 15
|Si? 3 %-\ <%**s*l* Farm). 112 2 S% 0 2»i3 h5 y, Knapp .... 3 11-5
'-^5 S SlJ I*'***&\u25a01 * '***&\u25a0 ?" UcX « ll >" 1(M « ...105104 81 ft 1H T. Sullivan. 8 15
CT3S Ktegthorpe. 3 (J. j. Ellerd). . ICS 11 . . ?11 11 11 ** 8 3 Herbert ... 12 2O
'K&- i" 11^ ne ' 3 maJl & "•>•• 104 10 ... 829 1 1O 9 2 Graham ... 8 12
' rair nJllS 61 " * ••• 1h 2 1%2 110 U Williams 10 13
8817 laajala. a <W. H. Parker).... \l<» 7 ... « IH< h»2 11 T. Stewart.j 15 30
;. Ttaj tr, :2 *; :4S )3£» L-02%. At post 3% mlante«. Off at 2:34* i. Reed, place. 2: show. 1.
Si?2ri 2!*^;* £ : Bhow ' 5~2"5 ~ 2 " 9«"xl'y- «ao». 4. Wlnn«r. eh. g. by Captive- Miss Gentry.
Jit, by E. GrteheU. Scratched— My Order. Bonnte Ree. St. Denis. Start (rood. Won
# «W Ba^ ! ?f*T, dr i vla *- Highest price— Soundly 30, Ptckaway T-2. Klngthorpe 25.
Bell Reed was ready and tn« stable »«t It In. Wright rode a poor race on
' 'IS? Bo *s nd « lort«r»«.the groand pewaftde. Soundly did welt Masedo ts not a good
rau<Mer. Titus, away poorly, went begging to-day. Pickaway became lost in tao shuffle.
\u25a0 Toss this one out. Kingthorpe caa beat cheaper ones. FojWana quit. - ,<
8053.^ THIRD RACE— FIVe and a half nirlongs;; parse; 4-year-olds and up; to flrst. »1500.
Inteil ;-.\u25a0-;• Hot- and Owaer., rw^tlSt. H. \j. «j. Str. Fin. ( Jockey, r Op. O.
<Wl»)|B«arcatcher, 414 1 (F«TH»on). .; . 112 2 .'. . 2 2 2 1 2%rMcßrtde ...I 1* 6-5
(S9l7)|Crmad OI C 6 (E. J. Baldwin).. (112 1 ... 12 1 3 1 I£2 JprioV7?.::!{ 7-10 7-10
Tini^C :t i l !» 1:n>^ lICIIt 6R : minutes. Off at 3:03. Winner, br. ta. by St. Georse-
Sallle McAllister. Trained by T. G. Ferguson. Start perfect. Won in a gallop. Bear
catener looked the clar» and h» ran orer Craaadoa through the stretch. rf . • "
•S&S4. FOXmTH - RACE-fOni mile; Padflc-Cnlon Handicap :'2-y-o; Talue to first, ?262a < \u25a0
Index Hoe— and Owner. IWtlSt. 3&. %. Str. Fin, j Jockey. J Op. CJ.
loon °harlat*n -<G«nn & C 0.)...:.. 108 8 5262. 4 2- 2h 11% Treubel ... 7^-2 '
mm Nealon (B. Schrelber).. ...... M 0 S 4%3h 3%41 2h T. Clark..: 5-2 7-2
8S&8 Tenordate (J.F. CUfforfl).... 00 10 8 I^7 1 7 1 6 1 S? % Wright ... 25 30
<«^ 2*^ (SteT ?S! * Son)-.....: 9$ 4 8 2%4 h5%5 H \u2666 Vx Robinson .. 12 18
,S££L S? nf^ derate {^ f - B - Jennings) 115 9 94 8 2^837^52** Knapp .... 8-5 3-2
*$£** |'r Edward (G. Van Gordan). 106 3 1 1%1 nl%l h 6 2% Lo*ue .... 10 l 2
B*9B . Equorum Hex (Summers).:.. B»5 71516n8173 Graham ... 12 20
f^n? ?n? n P^?^ <B - Scnwtber)... 110 22 % 2 2%2 Vi 3n 8 Mcßrtde ...{ t t
8803, Sea Lad (J. S. AvtlU). „ 103 nia 4*lo4 * 10 10 10 9 L. iimer V. 20 J6O
8016 Rcy del Mundo (Baldwin) .... 110( 1 3% 9 6 949 10 Prior * 8 12
88S1 Arestallator {Summers & Co.)Jlo3| 711 Pulled up . }L. WllUamsl * •
Tlm t£~s 5 '« : iPHiT 1: , 1C - 1:43 - A * P^t '2 mlnntas. Off at 3:20^. Charlatan, place, 6-5;
\u25a0 \u25a0 now ;^f- 5 -v Neal ? n . PP 1 * 6 *- !: «how. out. Tenordale. show. «. Schreiber entry betting—
w n \u25a0 ' P o - U " 10: - "h"^- «°*- "Winner, br. c. by Matt Byrnea-Acidalle. Trained bf /
w.-Gum. E^ratched— Xagazam. Start good. Won all driving. Highest price— VealoiS*
fLr amT ? * Confederate 2. Winner stood a lone hard drive from head of stretch,
jwerrtng the last sixteenth from center of track to the rail; Clark's claim of foul not
allowed. Tenordale aroused from the clouds. Rasnxs had no excuse to-day. Confeder
?> ?? _ *J barrl * r **»» sprung, and his chances ruined. Too far for Sir Edward.
- £r* Gardner found the came rather fast. Rey arf Mundo blew np early. -rCoupled witH
Nealon as Schreiber entry. .«Ooupled with Eqnorum Rex as Summer* entry. __.;
8955. FIFTH RACE— lHmnea; the Grtnstead handleai); 3-year-olds and gp; to first. $80a
Index Hor— and Owner. . . pVtjSt. M. %. Str. Fin. \ Jockey. [~QpI oT
;K:SSas&?.:RJ:£SS?I4i in° 3 4 3M?f2ifa SJ" ::: 2
;»36 Scotch ThisUe. 4 Upplegate) 99 6 6 6 53 55 53 Robtacn ." 15 20
8920 jWatercnre, a (H. Stover).....) 95) 4455 10 8 g « w. Smith.. 15 40
Tin^:2s.. -^50., 1:16. -l:129i.,l :&€«,. At post 1 mihnte. Off at 3:55. Rightful place,
l^ :^°^ s*^' #*"• « S:^ now - 262 ' 6 - Hooligan, show. 1. Highest pric^-mght^
S* 6*ll6 * 111 * it. 2 .- HooU »n 15 . Thistle ZO. Winner, eh. n. by Pirate of Penanc^
f,* 1 " 1 /^ o^?-.^^ Trained by R. R. Rice. Start good.. Won easily. Balance drlvtaT
Rlgh«ui:nad nothing to beat but Banaock Belle. -a , clever IUUe : platen iHooUsaa
not at his beet. Bomtrdler quit. Watercnre can't . walk tn , the mod. .• *
89SC SIXTH RAfcE— Six. furlongs;, purse; S-year-oId» and up; Tah»e to flrst. C 25." • :
fa" l^] ' Ho "» *"» Owner. tWt'St. K . «. %. Str. Fte. I Jockey. I o»,, O. ,
SS7O | Proper. 5 (W. B. Jenntnge) 110J 1 ... 3hB 6 8 6 15' IKnapp ..... 7-10 T.i»
8043 Pinkerton. 3 (B. Schreiber) 106 8 ... 23 242 1 2 X *.\fcßride I 6 23-S
8943 Undrew B. Cook. 4 (F. Ellis) 110 2 ... 1 I^l 2^l 1 8 «.* T Clark.*.. 4 I
691& Gloomy Gus. 3 {Zlttuner) 1M 5 ... 5 2^,5 4 4 8 4 2 League 20 " 40
5928 Beaa Ormonde, a (Kripp).... 110 4 ... 7 7 5a 57 Prior ". io 40
S5« Jfy»« r . 3tE. E. Burnett.).... 106 « ... 6%6 V, 7 6 6 Robinson .. 60 200
5930 KenUworth. a (H. Stover)..... lip) 7. ... 46 4 I^6 X 7 U WUltama « 13
Time— £3«. :49. 1:14. At post 4% minutes. Off at 4:23*4. Proper, place. 2-5; ahow 1-6-
J? nk S rt i? 1 * p £f*^ 7 ' 5: « now - 3»3- Cook. show. 2-3. Winner, b. h. by Prestonpan*!prtra
. 11. Tratned ky W. B. Jennings. Scraurhed— Sea Air. Bird of Passage. Melstersinger
Dorado. Romalne. Toung Pilgrim. Start good. Won m a gaUov- Balanc* drlvteK
Highest price— Proper 9-10. Pinkerton 8. Andrew B. Cook bora out on stwtch turn*
where the favorite slipped through on the raiL Ptakertoa then outstayed Cook. Too
much speed for Gloomy. Gns. Beaa Ormonde so madder. 'Kenflworth.no early speed
i- . .\u25a0 wnttxfiTcr. ...,• ,' •** \- \u25a0 -
PITCHEB. BAUM SHUTS OUT
MIKE FISHER'S TIGEHS
Game Is 'an \u25a0 Elxhlbit ion One, In
Which the Angels Roll Up-;
Four Runs.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. .16.— Los Ange
les and: Tacoma played an , exhibition
game to-day and . the former won. by
the : score ; of 4 to o,'., '. principally on ac
count of Baum's good. pitching. Score:
; " UOS ANGEUES.
. ". . - AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard, cf. ...... 3 1 1 0 10©
Rosw, c. .... .......801 1 T 1 0
fiehlafler. 2b 4 0 10 0.2- ©
Nagle, 3b ........... 4 0 0 0-1 1 .©
DiUon, lb 2 1 0 1 11 1 ©
Cravath.rf ......... 4 1 2 0"l 0 0
Ellis, 1f...;:....... 4 11 0 5 0 0
Atz. 88 .............. 3 0 1 10 6 0
Bau&l, p.. .30 0 01 'S,-0
Totals .....SO 4, 7 S 2T 13 ' 0
TACOMA.
. . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, rf .4 0 0 0 0 00
Eheehan. Sb ......... 4 0 .2 O-l .41
.Nordyke. lb ......... 4 . o.' « O 11 '1 .:©
Eagan.es ..........4 o*l 00 4©
iloiiler. 2b .......... 4 '0/ © 0 '2 1 1
Lynch, cf.'.i......... 3 0 ,1 .0 0 10
McLaughlln. If ...... 2 .0 O-O. 4 0 0
HoR-an.-c 2 .0 0 0 5 10
O'Brien, p.. J- 0 0 0 1 S 0
Totals ..........30 0 -*4 0 24 15 2
RUNS AND HITS BT irCXTNGS. .
Los Angeles ......0 0 0 0 0 0 4 0 x 4
Base h1t».....:..l 1 O 1 1 ,0 ; 3 Ox— «
Tacoma ........... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o0 — 0
Base Wt5........0 0 0 1 0' 1: 1 i 0 . I—4
--.- SUMMARY.
v Two-base hits— Eajan. Sbeehan Lynch. Sac
rifice htt — Hocan. > First ; base on \u25a0 errors— Los
Angeles 2. -First base on balls— Off O'Brien 3,
off Bauml." Left on bases— Los Angeles 6.
Tacoma 5. Struck out— By Baum 6, by O'Brien
2. Hit by pitcher— Bernard." Time of same—
1:50. Umpire — Perine.
DEAraMAYfcLABI
; • A iGrOEBELWITNESS
Conditioh]df rjMan Mysterious
ly in: Baker
s* field;ls Serious
: BAKERSFIELD.: Dec. - 16.^-Charles E.
JEhler," reported to be a missing- witness in
the Goebel murder case and who was shot
ln the Tjreast with his own revolver, either
by, 1 himself or by some \ mysterious assail
ant, whose name, he ref osea to 'disclose, is*
\u25a0in' a 1a I . bad \ condition : from . his wound, . and
arrangements '.were {made . to-day to take
, him to : a' sanitarium. ; Dr. \u25a0 Schaf er at '- the
i Southern \ HotelVemoved a^ piece * of ' cloth
and; some, pieces s pt bone from the wound
which \u25a0is badly ln^cted.' :It Is the opinion
"of > Dr. j Schaf er ) that Ehler will : ; be some
time recovering^ , ; _j<; > ~ : '*&£r&!sS£>SP. ''\u25a0 S ir >
MACCABEES AXDf FORESTEn S
NOW' UNDER XEW OFFICERS
??\u25a0 SANTA- CRUZ, ; Dec. 16— -Aydelotte
; Hive,} La<ly,; Maccabe«3. has el ected • the
ii f olio wingi, officers: . Past commander;
; Frances vArmstrong;*:, lady jcommander,
I Eliza/? McKay ;:j lieutenant i'commander,
! Rose's Robertson ;'+ record > keeper. ; Sarah
Hayslett; 'finance *keeper/^Cora: Parker;
• mistress f at f ; arms,* ? Eudora r An derson ;
chaplain., lrene fCaplatsl; sentinel. « Mrs.'
C^Carroll-^plcket, Eleanor-Placs.
, iThe Companions of t the Forest elected
the following Chief companion;
'\u25a0Anna)HlH;?subschief," Louise jWagner;
,Vlgh^guide,;;Mayine'iCro.le; left guide/
.Sustef Horton;* outside s" guardian, Lillie
Bram; v; inside g guardian, ?; Ethel \u25a0 \u25a0; O'Con
nor; trustee,*
Carrie] 1 Pinkham ; physician, ,; Dr. " F.\ E.
Morgan ; druggist, J. r G. Tanner.
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
UMPIRE SILK OTLOUGHUW
I»^LL ACT Of TO-DArs GA MB
Famous Amerlrnn Lraenc Ofßcial ,t«
Appear at Recreation Pwrk TVaen p^'
KnlshtM of Colauibus Play.
The great umpire, Silk ..OXoughlln.
will make his only public appearance
in this city torday, when he will of
ficiate at the same of baseball at
Recreation Park between the Benedicts
and Bachelors of San Francisco Coun
cil. Knights of Columbus. . Joe Coxbett
will make his reappearance on the dia
mond to pitch his brother benedicts to
victory. Joe has been out of the gama
for some time, but he has been prac
ticing daily to get in condition for to
day's game. A great crowd will turn
out to see the game, which promises to>
be an exceptionally good contest. Judgo
Graham will assist the genial Silk. ln
passing the decisions. "Will McCarthy
and James Gartland will do the scor
ing. The first. ball will tx delivered by
Grand Knight Neil Power at 3:31
o'clock. . , ..., .
•The line-up follows:
* PoslUons. Bach*lor».
Phil Bannon Catcher :.... William Scott
Joseph Heffron..... Catcher Geonw Cornell
Joseph Cor bett..... Pltch«r... Frank bougheny
John D. Mahoney... First base. TViniam Sulllva.t
Oimvr OJsen. 1 ...... Second base. . . W. O. Patch
J*ekFljnn.........Thira base. W. Moraa
Fred Farmer....... saiortstop E. Qarrta
Charles Beardsley.. Left fleld..Jam*s, R. K«ltl»
Joseph Frandteco... Center field.. H. "Welch
Walter R0ek....... Right fie1d. ...... Al CoUtasi
SANTA PEEEADY -
TO BUILD NEW SHOPS.
. • . ... . -. - . \u25a0 x
BAKERSFIELD. Dec. 16.— The legal
ceedinss . incident to closing the streets
and alleys have been perfected and tha
lands obtained by the Santa F«" from tha
Kern County Land Company are now la
such shape that there is nothing in tha
way of the prosecution of the work. From
an official of thje road It is learned the
work on the next shops will he done with
but little delay. ', The shops will be of such
extensive character as to require the ser
vices of at least 300 men and the pay roll
of the Santa Fe at this point will be equal
to that of the Southern Pacific. .The land
acquired covers nearly thirty blocks.
APYERTISE3IEyrS.,» -..-..
SAPPH=
MOST TALKED ABOrT OF.'AIX 3IOD-
1 E^ KTVENTIOXS.
Tou see them eTery da 7 and call them
; genuine. Many have paid the price or
the real, and after years find they pos-
sess only s that beautiful product or mod.
; cm science;: named after the sapphire
next •In hardness . tcr the diamond, the
Sapph- Diamond. , . .
This wonderful gem is the only prod-
uct * ever- known to science to have the
\u25a0ame high polish, perfect cut, fire and
brilliancy of nature's real gem. . 1
Positively ! set \u25a0 only in solid 14-hA»ti
\u25a0oil J cold mount Insri". ... .• . f*»T \u25a0'
; On exhibition and sale (electric lights^
unnecessary) aide by side with real,
diamonds. Catalotcnes on request.' * •
.•;\u25a0 .World's . Greatest Diamond Imitator; '
.(ExeluaiTe Western .PalaceT)^ *
124 Kearay SW Saa Francisco* CatMANSLAUGHTER
JURY'S VERDICT
Ukiai Men Deal Kindly With
Man on ;Trial for Killing
Aged Wife Last September
DELIBERATE 12 lIOUKS
tliarred Eeniains of Woman
Were Found in Ashes of
Her Home Near Greenview
TREKA, t)«c. 16.— Arthur O. Bovren,
*ho lor two t\ f eks has been on trial for
the murder of his wife, Ida Bowen, near
Greenview on Beptember 29. was con
victed of tnanshiugrhter to-day, the Jury
being out twelve hours. Bowen, who Is
to years <<ld, was not 6een for nv© uaye
I after the charred body of his wife was
1 lound In tho ruins of their home. When
*^i>wen was found there were blood stains
ton his clothing. Evidence of Mood was
£lso found on the floor of his be4room"ln
his house five miles from the scene of
the crime. He was not living: with his
*ife at the time
PL.ACI2S PANAMA CAXAL. ZONE]
I.VDKR TUB LMIORAATS LAW
Co^ernor of Jamaica Will Require *
95 Deposit From Each Person
Coins Tbere.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Dec. 16. — The
Governor of Jamaica, Sir Alexander
Ewettenham, last night ordered the
Panama canal zone proclaimed as a
place under the emigrants protection
Jaw, under which $5 deposit is requir
ed from each person going there. This
measure hampers the operations of the
l recruiting agent of the isthmian canal
commissioners here. The law Is con
sidered harsh. Under the same law
emigration from Jamaica to Mexico Is
practically Impossible. Each laborer
must deposit $50 with the Government
before being allowed to go there. -
f IVK WORKMEN ARE KILLED
BY A DYXAMITE EXPLOSION
Thirty HuUdins* Comprising the Dn-
pont < ompany'* Plant at Slar
quctte Are Badly Damaged.
DETROIT, Mich.. Dec 16.-^A News
special. from Marquette. Mich., says five
men were killed by an explosion to-day
at the Dupont Company's dynamite
works.
» About 1400 pounds of nitro-glycerin
%rploded in the mixing-- bouse of the
company's factory, which is three
Jniles distant from Marquette. The dead
were all workmen. Of tbe thirty build
ings In the plant, few escaped damage
xind some were wrecked. The mixing
house was destroyed. In Marquette
windows all over town were smashed.
CERTIFICATES ARE BOGUS.
Chicago Man Is Bunkoed by Notorious
Oregon Land Thleres.
BAL.EM. Or., Dec. 16.— Chief Clerk
Brown of the State Land Board has re
ceived a letter from Wlrt E. Humphrey,
attorney for R. E. Moss of Chicago, re
garding eighteen counterfeit certificates,
covering 6000 acres of land, on which Moss
cays he loaned 8. A. D. Puter a large sum
of money. Clerk Brown has checked over
the numbers of the certificates and It Is
cJleged found them all fraudulent, as the
originals appear on the records In the
names of other owners. There Is good rea
boq. to believe that the leaders in the
land frauds in this State had the coun
terfeit seals and printing done by Chi
cago firms.
CALISTOGA CHT7RCH BENEFITED
BY WORK OB 1 AID SOCIETY
Tiir Stan Is Netted by Pmtr Glvem by
the Presbyterian Womem of
Little Town.
CALISTOGA, Dec. 16. — The Ladies'
Aid Society of tbe Calistogra Presby
terian Church has Just concluded what
Is acknowledged by all to be the most
puccessful fair every held In this town.
The total proceeds exceeded $300. The
president of the society Is Mrs. Mattle
ji'-'cmos. The church, under the leader
"^a!p of Rev. William D. Kidd. Its pas
tor. Is building a parsonage and other
wise improving Its property.
HYDE TO RESIDE IN PARIS.
Pormw Kqaitaltle Official Will Quit Hl*
. , Nctite Country.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16. — With all busi
ress ties severed, assured there will be
to further call for him by the Insur
ance investigating committee, James D.
Hyde, according to his friends, will sail
for France on the Touraine on Decem
ber 28 to make his borne in Paris.
In his house. 9 East Fortieth street.
f tand boxes, crates and frames In which
ere packed the household goods, heir
looms and art treasures he has retained,
and these will go with him. The house
itself Is for sale.
Hyde, since his boyhood, has been a
great admirer of the French language,
history and customs. He owns a beau
tiful home in tho Avenue Henri Martin.
and there he will take up his residence.
He has been for years the principal
patron as well as founder of the Alli
ance Francaise. -He has encouraged the
study of French. He has brought
French lecturers to this country and
paid for their services. He has been
decorated by the French Government
and has been received by President
Loubet. W$M
y HARRIMAN ONLY JOKING.
toTayn His Reply to Inquiry Concerning
Odell Vm Facetious.,
NEW YORK. Dec. 16.— T0 a press rep
resentative. E. H. Harriman , said to-
day:
"I have been surprised to see that
some of the papers have treated seri
ously my remark that Mr. Odell has
political influence because'of his rela
tions with me.' Had I regarded Mr.
Hughes' questions seriously, I would
have denied the Imputation indignantly
instead of making a facetious answer,
as I did. and which was so accepted, as
shown bj' the laughter which followed."
YOUR. LAST CHANCE I
$2.75 Each We Close Saturday, December 30th> j
"^^^^^^ U. S. ARMY \u25a0 QUN.52.75 I
f^ Shoots Shot and Rifle Ball , h
Benicia Arsenal cleaned out of all * Springfield Rifles <Callber" 45) that are on the B
Ooafi and there will never be any; more/ • ,:^. . . ' - ' ' .'• ,j . • ta
Five ball cartridges and 3 shot cartridges free with each gun. If.iafUsr trial. H
they «« not Batlsfactory. money will be refundod^ It's the best_gun the world ever Eg
llv otherwise cur Government and National Guard would never have used -this style ||
fo7f orty "ar« It was dispensed with by. tbe \u25a0 War Department for the Krag- Jorgen- H
\u25a0*n rifl>' a* the latter was considered more, humane In warfare. ;: n
BMh shot and ball ammunition for these suns to be had at every snorting: groods H
•tor^ U» tbe United States. „\. _« \u0084'_,. ' H
For this" wonderful breoch -loading «un \u0084 . • a
\u25a0 - - t^.^9 t^ ONLY i ffl
For home rrotecUon. small or large e^une, or curio of the greatest ' weapon ever .'H
IDiW^Kor a few days only, when stock , groe* East. • :: T H
Flint-lork Musk«>t«. Khaki Clcthine. odds, and i ends— all Govemm*nt material. : H
W. STOKES x KIRK - r -5»7i Market] Street. _ 11 _ J^ ll _ 1 _£ l: y ; J|
TALE ABOUT NEEDS OF
GOLDEN STATE.
Matters of Interest to -Galifbrnians Dis
cussed at Santa Barbara.
IMATX>R OF OAKXJIXD AN*D gBCRBTAUT OF SAN FRANCISCO CHAMBER OF
COMMERCE WHO DEUVBRHH) ADDRE6SE9 AT THE \u25a0 CONVENTION . OF , .
THD BAT COXj*NTIES DELEGATES HELD YESTERDAY, IN SANTA BARBARA.,-
Special Dlepatcb to Tb* CalL
• SANTA BARBARA. Dec 16.— The
fourth semi-annual convention of -the
counties commitees of the California Pro
motion Committee, held here to-day, 'was
one of the most successful In the history
of the organization. The attendance was
large, and the Bubject of discussion,
"Government Aid for California," was
most interestingly discussed. After the
matter was fully talked ..over It was
placed in the hands of committees
tor presentation to the Congress at Wash
ington and the departments for action.
Following • are synopses of the principal
speeches of the day. Following the regu
lar programme the delegates were enter
tained at dinner at the Hotel Potter. To
morrow, they- will ' be taken around the
city to see the show places.
- Joseph J. Perkins, Dresident . of the
Chamber of Commerce of Santa Barbara,
extended a greeting to the delegates.
The convention was called to order by
Andrea Sbarboro, chairman of the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee.
H. R. McNoble. Past Grand President
N. S. G. W., representing San Joaquln
Valley, addressed the delegates, as did
Frank H. Mott. Mayor of Oakland, rep
resenting San Francisco Bay ' counties.
Mayor Mott spoke as follows: .
"Inasmuch as the bay. counties border
on the great harbor of San Francisco
Bay, their chief concern . is for. tbe de
velopment of this harbor in the interest
of commerce,' and . therefore ; the question
carries us to the subject, of Federal'con
trol of the navigable waters of our na
tion.
"Government supervision of trans-bay
traffic should be close and exacting. Trier*
should be established ferry routes in some
manner marked by buoys uflder! Federal
control so .that dangers be reduced to
the lowest minimum. One of Im
portant j projects ' at present affecting j bay
county Interests ' is the proposed /con
struction of. a railroad bridero across the
Straits of Carquinez. To . my mlnd : it Is
essential that the bay and river traffic,
which, is carried on through these straits/
should be given the first conslderatlon.-
The .'United States authorities should ex-,
ercise the* utmost care before ; permission
be given to bridge Carquinez Straits.' Not
only ; should Federal "supervision be given
to the harbor itself, but to all. the navi
gable streams tributary to the Bay of
San' Francisco. I beg to Impress upon \u25a0
you that this committee can do no great
er eeryice to California than to keep ever
before the public ; the splendid opportuni
ties that San' Francisco \u25a0 Bay offers, and
to Impress further the ever 'present neeet
of a wise, honest and "comprehensive sys
tem of' Government' control of Its open
waters."
In his address on the subject of "Op
portunities for,'. Federal aid In California
South of Tehachapi," "William E. Smythe
THE'SAN : FRANGISeo.;CALI:;: ; SUNDAY^DEGE^BER;;I7; : :19O5;
of Ban Diego declared that a comprehen
sive system of forestry is the foremost
need of the region. "Publio buildings can
wait;' harbor ' lmprovements : can' wait; ir
rigation projects can wait. ..But the wa
ter-shed,, which Is. the mother of; streams,
and; hence, the source of all the Institu
tions of our social and economic life,, can
wait no longer." He advocated an ag
gressive policy ; by \u25a0 means \u25a0 of which, the
National Government should compel for
est preservation and extension In spite of
private greed and public Indifference.
"How the Federal- Government ,• Can
Assist the- Development of '\u25a0: the Central
Coast Counties," was the subject of .the
address delivered '• by 1«. W. ; Jefferson,- of
Hollister, member State Publicity ' Com
mittee, representing central coast coun
ties. •\u25a0';.-',\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 :v: :-; \u25a0•' '\u25a0• •- '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0" : ~-~z
Chester W. Burks, secretary of the
Chamber of Commerce of San • Francisco,
speaking on the topic, "How the * Federal
Government • Can Assist the - Development
of San FrancJsco County" said in part:
"To-day ! the Is - not,\ how can
the Federal Government < assist' the i de
velopment of San * Francisco, ; • but why
does the Federal^ Government fall to fully
appreciate the port : of Ban FranciscoT as
the American base for the Asiatic trade?
If the Federal. Government were to recog
nize the very patent fact that -the Arner^*
lean/ invasion of; Asia In '''\u25a0 the "Interest '-of
the \ American trade 'cannot . bo \u25a0 managed
from the Atlantio Coast, ' but . must \ start
from San Francisco, - there I would be mo
occasion for even \ thinking ."of {the) ques
tion "How Can . the Federal Government
Assist San Francisco?" : The , Federal
Government would of its own volition 'in
crease the importance of the^Mare Island
navy yard,: remove/ the .dangerous ; rocks
from San Francisco ; Bay, : , erect an im
mense depot for . : quartermaster - stores
and build docks \u25a0 for ' the ;transport service
at Black Point; /thus bringing ; transport
and warehouse together, assist- the State
In making easily , navigable ;.. the '\u25a0'- Sa.cra
mento Tand .' San ; JoaquXn : ; rivers,' aid /the
city In the J?lan i for building docks in the
harbor at ; Islais Creek and « lndian! Basin
and-., make the Presidio >a • first-class , mil
itary station." S®^^-;.-:-'":' " ~- : ' '' '* \u25a0":'•.'
George". C. Pardee, Governor of : Call-*
fornia, , expressed his ;; ideas on ,• Federal
needs of . California"; In : part f . as '\u25a0 follows:
; ,',* Calif ornla, * like ' every > other," State ;; in
the Union, is"* in' need ot assistance from
the ' Federal \u25a0'. Government. \u25a0/ Thlß .. aid ;> 1b
needed in proportion ito ; ,the" magnitude
and ' the multitude \of \ Interests /which f a
State" has that , require - the * Government's
fostering ; care. The I rule : Is;/, the ; greater
a State . the greater 1 the - need ; for fn co
operatlon7 by,/ the - ; States.V Cali
fornia.' j being f'one : of •*. the I greatest 'of i all
the States,. her : need \ for.; such' co-opera
tion isjgreater" and more, varied than that
of a majority of the States. S^^H
• The word co-operation is used advisedly,
for \u25a0no State j deserves ' Federal aid which
will • not help itself . The > relationship and
the V obligation y axe % both -mutual. ; / " Each
State must •; not^ only i h elp I itself, 'I but \ alao"
help . the others. I; As the ' National ; Go yerri-*
ment \ owes i iti aa ! a.; duty; to Tasslat : , in j? the
development , of all the States." so the \ 1 at
ter; owe \ it : as ; aT duty > to?assist ' the | Gov-"
ernment to establish ' and \ purchase i such
a policy,; %m\ will • be " for,- the ; oommon wel
fare of the --' whole I cotuitry. c..: , , '"\u25a0''
U Appropriations }: are : needed :, for.i: more
public , buildings,' for more lighthouses ' and
life-saving ,\u25a0 c tatlona and * t og-bella i on ! our
coasts, for j more geological i research in
our mining districts and .\ for a varioua great
works of internal development." :
VACANCIES IN THE SENATE
COBIMITTEES ARE ALL FILLED
Report Will Be " Made to the Repub
lican Caucus When -; It Meets -
\?-/:^ ;.NextLWednesdnyVv.-;:.; .NextLWednesdnyV v .- ;: .i 1 ';-:: '•' '
//WASHINGTON,;,; Dec. < lS^The if assign
ments i to \ fill '\u25a0 Senate i [committee Ivacancies
will \be announced /Tuesday. \u25a0;\u25a0 ;, TheTfcom
, mittee X having .; "charge i Vof ?• the'v work f has
"concluded ", its i^work] and | will j report t to^, the'
Republican £ caucus i^Wednesday?^ It J* has
been | knownjand g published
who - will V receive \u25a0' most '{ the \ Important
SENATE PASSES
PANAMA BILL
Bale Announces Tliat Press
; Agent Bishop's
Will Be i Disipensed j^Vith
SALABIES TOO HIGH
Bacon Objects to Paying
; the Canal Employes More
Than Members of Cabinet
Dec. 16.— The £ Senate
to-day^ passed the i canal emergency ' ap
propriation* bill, but / the ; result /was not
attained k until after \ the -; debate Hon;i the
bill • had been continued \u25a0 the greater : part
of the day.i to ' the exclusion of practically
all bother i business. ; Set ; speeohes \u25a0 .were
made by Bacon in advocacy, of his amend
ment '•: reauiring estimates for "k the { canal
commission salaries; Allison,', who devoted
himself largely to the details of the s bill ;
Culberson,, who criticized' the, employment
of. Bishop as! a "press agent; 'Stone,; who
criticized the purchase of American ships
to carry, Panama supplies, " in face of ! the
announced determination to go abroad for
vessels "under the .conditions ; then : exist
ing, and \u25a0 Newlands/Xwho \u25a0 expressed ; the
opinion that the construction of the canal
should have been entrusted to ; the ge
ological survey. ; : ;. \u25a0\u25a0'"\u25a0'\u25a0-'-. .-..;\u25a0. ".\u25a0'\u25a0'^\u25a0:-:, \u25a0
\u25a0A substitute for Bacon's \ amendment,
offered by : Hale, : was accepted. , It" spe
ofticlally; reauires that Congress j shall, be
supplied : with . regular estimates:, of ; all
salaries except those paid to ; laborers,
skilled and unskilled. Otherwise the bill
was passed as j reported from ' committee.
During the \ session Hale : made ; the aii-;
thorlzed announcement » that Bishop's \ du
ties as a "press agent" . would|,be J dis
continued. / - > •',- ... '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0•,. .
\u25a0Bacon said that, under the present sys
tem. Gongress was deprived of.the^op-'
portunity , for proper scrutiny.^ of the , sal
aries paid to the commission employes.
He j commented on the fact ] that j Shonts'.
salary ; was more than twice as much as
that paid \o '\u25a0. the Chief Justice of the} Su
preme " Court Vof the United :' States, " and
said it was not the policy of ./the Gov
ernment to 7 emulate the high, salaries
paid by private \u25a0 corporations. : Even I the
auditor of , the .commission . •; got t \ slo,ooo,
while the man who passed upon, his work
received only $4000, and the executive head
of the department, the Secretary of War,
only $8,000. : \u25a0 '\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0'\u0084\u25a0 .
.Bacon said In reply to Spooner that he
thought the .". $30,000 paid , the :: chief en
gineer ;of the commission too , great. .
"I would* not pay any of them « more
than the Chief Justice is paid,". the Geor
gia Senator, declared.
-Bacon, referring to the payment 'of $10,
000 to the canal commission auditor/ said:
' '.'lt Is - perfectly ! monstrous that this
subordinate officer should ; be paid ' 20 per
cent more , than is paid to the Secretary
of War or, to the Secretary of the' Trea
sury,, the head of the financial system of
the entire Government." "^" - "\u25a0\u25a0
/He expressed - the opinion that ' not a
single Senator would say that the sal
aries should • not be reduced, . and ,: he
paused to hear from any one who might
tmnk /otherwise. I No one responded jdH
rectly, , but . Galllnger. expressed' the opin
ion' that Taft's testimony, before the Com
mittee "on /Appropriations supplied^ good
reasons.'.Xor the-. payment of high salary
to , the f commission's auditor. . ... , -?;'\u25a0«\u25a0"
Galllnger then spoke on the merits; of
the* salary roll," saying that ' he * had * be;
lieved .' -that''Shonts% Balary is ..- tbo^hlgh,
and ihe -was certain that the $10,000 -paid
Bishop as -a press^agent.ls^. beyond'all
reason, I','arid I hope,", he said,* "that; in
due time? the gentleman ..will :< perform
more work 'or that his salary^ will be re
duced \u25a0 to. $3000, the sum paid ;Ws prede
cessor."/ '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0" [:\u25a0'.-... \u0084 \u25a0\u25a0 ••\u25a0 ;/.'.:-. ; ' ; - . "\u25a0'•
Culberson \u25a0 supported V his amendment
providing that no : part of. the money 7 ap
propriated Khali ' be :*paid • for i the main
tenance of a 1a 1 literary bureau. He said it Is
not aimed at any Individual and that' he
believed I Bishop ito be an . honest, candid
and : straightforward man.
- Culbersonfexpressed the opinion that the
method of securing control of the Isthmus
had ; been "Indefensible , : : in ; law,: and I In
famous in i morals." } J He ,- called "attention
to "\u25a0\u25a0. the , fact - that • while the . original esti
mate for the complete construction of the
canal had been \u25a0 $154,060,000, there ; had al
ready been expended no less than $78,500,»
000/ Of this amount,", he eald, $10,000,000
had been paid : to ; the intriguers who, ; un
der, the i Bhadow of the i Capitol in Wash
ington, had planned the : Panama . revolu
tion.'- \u25a0\u25a0:::-.''\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 :': ' : c '\u25a0'\u25a0' •'.""'. \u25a0' \u25a0 "\u25a0'\u25a0: : , \ "
?Speaklng of .the salaries paid In the ca
nal work, he said ; that doubtless some of
them \u25a0 were \ extravagant, \u25a0 but •he Twas ; not
prepared -to agree that there had been an
attempt to place / these ') salaries .on V the
same : basis -as I the salaries paid :by \u25a0 the
large Insurance 'companies. Speaking; of
these companies he said: ;: ; ' : :
; "They.' are ' the": greatest aggregation of
lordly thieves arid .unconscionable : perjur-'
ers ; this age • has • yet \ developed. \They.» in-;
vade all ; fields ;Uheyitrafflo in political in
fluence without r regard I to : party , lines, as
the" merchant - with the .wares lon / his
shelves. They * have ! Invaded: the^sanctlty
of * Legislatures, % State" and ' National, ; and
one ""orf r the \u25a0: most i humiliating, circum
stances { connected '\ with "\u25a0-"= the ; . whole , busi
ness is : . the fact ' that;, they, found a . Demo -
crat Fon * they } fastened ' their J graft
at 25 per j cent of : the \u25a0 amount required to
secure ; the '• services \of: a ; Republican for
the same \u25a0.work." " - " \u0084 •
SEVEN PEKSONS HUB/T
•IN BAIL COLLISION
t .': SPOKANE, \u25a0• Decrfe 16.^Seven /people « are"
In the hospital as j the result of a* head-on
collision;, this .evening .between : a -j Great
Northern?- switch ''engine r, and y, a^ heavily^
laden 5 Hillyard 5 car % on ;. the f jWashirigton
Water s Power £ Company's "i system; ', ; It \is
believed / the^carigot \ beyond ;; control sof5 of
the % motbrmah \ through : ' the - Blipping"? of
the \ trolley, ; oft \u25a0' the \ .wireJ/ 3 Witnesses 'j say
the disobeyed ; the ' rule' requlr-'
ing \u25a0 him \ to flag the crosslnjr. ;
threw i the ~: ( car ; off I the s rails, and v for :.' a
while i it ; was! thought ? the { injuries ito f the ]
passengers -would ! prove ' fatal. 3 When] the
debris had* been 1 cleared : ?'awayi* and;" the
victims t rescued^ it |wasV found >\u25a0 that '\u25a0', none
were A dead."^ Following .were taken to
Sacred! Heart; Hospital::; -X " •-;.\u25a0;',.. ; ;; -^ :\.
}-\u25a0'. F:i G.'l Gooderiough,"' 2938 . Clarabel ; street ; i
Leo f J.\ Binder/ ,730 i Paclflo; avenue; ; L.'-;: F.^
Lathrop,"' 2128 ? Providence • ? street; p} Dora
Belcher Hillyard,*! Gregory bf ;
Rlverton » and \ Miss'? Mayj Burns,* a: trained
nurse j employed 'i by | Dr.^Cfunnlngham. v All ;
i are 7. painf/illy 'i. bruised, s and ! Miss f ' Burns
shows f evidenced of •"' conoussion '.of the'
brain.,. 'JS /:-" "/'-;.'- I'--. '.'-'\u25a0
places/ One; appointment ; In 5 doubt : was
on J the < Judiciary' Committee. % There : are
four y. Republican y vacancies,**. \ but . , places
.were (coneededUo -. Senators iForaker.V Dll
linghamtaridl Knox. 4 ;vThe pother, place] has"
been f sought ;byi Senators Kittredge. and
Hopkins.. \u0084 '
'\u25a0 • The fs committee^ assigned the^appoint
ment I to \ Senator/ Kittredge,^ who jclaimed
it ?by| reason"|of | seniority.) and ijthe | fact
that he' has few, Important places.^ Senator,
Hopkins" was \ a sslgned U6)' a"? place ] on \ the
PostofflteeTand * Post I Roada (Committee | in
place % of f\ Senator ,4 Beyeridge,>;i who ; was
given 'fa' ! ; position \on I the : Foreign a Relations
Committee./ /Theref 'arej>a T ;< large Jnumber
of ivacahcies^ on Mother f committees % to i be
filled? byj Republicans.'ii, The Jone I.vacancy^
that Coccurs 'g 6n|. thej Finance?! Committed
will -be^givenlto; Senator) Hala/^; >T " s-;' '^
There Is a Fountain
\u25a0And''\-you^have- v ;Only:vto^'reachLbut:vyour-vhan'd and take it. You. can
-drink of it until yqur^ heart ! shouts >with gladness, and* with all your
might you twilijprbcla^ /-
\u25a0 _&* V^y^j^" M "' \u25a0 > •^"r" r -^^^ Like the giant* of old, you can be ia.
jJofi&y^ j^^ fOUT prime at sixty — strong, vigorous
Wg& \u25a0•••'.' \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0'. '\u25a0 ~^^^ and full of youthful enthusiasm. „
WnffL / I _^^i* -\u25a0 If you feel young you are young. Youth
£M£sfSftU \ v "^P v. Y y Electric Belt warm your heart and fill your body with
--; : - ; EgSgRgSBJIIk \u25a0\u25a0- 1 t§§3 the fire- of- youth. It will Hmber your joints and pot'springs in your
TSiiraill* ' i( I AFA gS ' lt will ' make you feel glad- with the joys of youthful vigor.
J^^^^^s«^^^p Dr. McLaughlln— " Sherwood. CaL
MmSMm tf^aWffiJWrgygf • ?•"" Slr: •** • In&rk °^ °T rraUtxi^* to y oa for what roar Belt has don» for
M&&BmiA tna - I certainly o*f you a testimonial. When I came to rau a year ago I had
mm&& rJ&*ffif7&i7ftft^ll suffered lor three years previous with rheumatism aad lumbe^o, aad every winter
j^^Sm^/mkf r/fjfWfjjyi£r, A I had to give up my. work. Aitsr four montha' use of your applUace every sign
BE&&msW*&il ot paln \u25a0 vrBLS sone, nor has there been tny Indication of a return. I worked all
K&Jmßr£i&&ii \u25a0 / ll^l through last winter; am 62 years Of age. and 1 belleTe- that I am as good a m&n.
Isjjr /^E?3af ' \§&£Bk physically as can be found. lam fully convinced that I owa It all to your elec-
wT' //3&£it?3& if&S&S trloal treatment, and I hare always put In a good word for your Bait whenever I
/ / oK3B£i£3fc». i ltmSS\ . could, and shall always do so. You may mak» any use of this statement that you
//&WIF&E? AlfiisS ieo flt ' Tcura reBpeotfu!ly ' R - Vf - crost.
//& MsSMffl /Jwiffiyh. sn>t at oo<^ * or B^ e P^ C 3? They come every day from every-
//M wrV&si SsiMMa where. There is notla town or hamlet In the country which has not
s // Wlls&D %[ $?z%9 cures. Such letters aa I receive would convert even a bigoted old-
iHpr /^ja wMM school \u25a0 doctor, and he can see no, good in anything but physic.
JT /tf^pi YwiMi ye me a man W ' r^ P a n s n k' s back, a dull ache in his muscles
Jl '**fffiU r^P? or nts ' "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, chest and sides.
11l '/M&ifiwM '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 *k&a Sciatica in his hip, Lnmbago, Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and
/ /^wsgtvffl tizo%tfr± my elt w *^ pour t^ ie O '^ °^ ''^ c ' nto s ac^' n^ DO(^y atlc * drive out
Jj/f i^jflL jtrJJl§llj*P ISQ.l 5Q. every sign of pain. No pain can exist where my Belt is worn.
f' II j|B|&^|p? "te* s crt a remedy which is as simple, as easy to use, as sure to
A. I £$(n^!m "^^^W/M^^^ cure, and as cheap as Dr. McLaughJin's Electric Belt? I have not
<*^wi seen one. You must try it. In -justice to yourself and to those who
lwo» — ' ijllffl^w^£&~ look to you for their future happiness, try it "now. Act this" minute.
Such : a matter ought not to be delayed.
: It's as good for -women as for men. - Worn I i^_ -^ m# I AIT^UI ffiWf "c/T
whileyou sleep,; it. causes no trouble. You feel g DR.. M. C. MCLAVJGHLrIIN »
the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but O 906 Market St, San Francisco, Calif. O
;no sting, -no burning, as in old-style belts. k-Itn 1 . u-n-ca M
Call to-day, or send for my beautiful book, full' E &**** -•«<! me your book for men (or women),
of thelthings a manlikes to read^if he wants to sealed, free. g
be a strong man. I send it sealed, free, if you NAME.. »- .*.. g
will inclose this coupon. '. ' .. * U . - >
. ADDRESS k:
Office Hours, Ba.m.toB p. m. Sundays, io to i. f I > 1 —
STATES' RIGHTS
AGAIN AN ISSUE
Democrats and Bepublicans
of the' House Wrestle
With Old-Time Problem
WASHINGTON, Deo. 16.— The House'in
dulged itself again to-day to the extent
of four hours -in .what '< was ; many times
termed an academic discussion of Federal
control of Insurance.^ It ;was the fourth
day] of -the : debate and \ the Interest ' of
members ; had ' " appreciably . diminshed.
Democratic : contention \ for • States' rights
predominated in the oratory. The Repub
licans -who spoke , confined -themselves
more • to ; the * oommittee ; to which refer
ence " Bhoiild be" made on the subject of In
surance in ' tfce President's message. Many
views t: ,were ; ; expressed. \u25a0 None of - them,
however, supported / the pending propo
sition," to -send "the"; subject to the Ways
and ; Means ; Committee.
,; The' holiday recess .was fixed from next
Thursday} to % January 4.
: i For*. the , purpose '\u25a0-. of _ bringing out Infor
mation \ showing . the \ existence of a civil^
pension! list i the > House asked ( the I Presi-"
dent ; for : , the] number of civil employes of
the Government .who had reached the age
of;7oyears: ' -;
'.-•. Iti was pointed; out by Stanley, of Ken
tucky^that.there'was great danger tothe
liberties \u25a0' of - ; the * people in --.the,; constant
encroachment : of Federal courts on mat
ters | properly I belonging • to ) State j courts. ,
To : give Federal ~ courts authority over, an
insurance l " contract, ? which," \u25a0 he ; said, : was
the simplest contract.l would be to set the
precedent - to' give the same Jurisdiction , to
all "contracts.* which '.would *• be * the death
knell of ; freedom and the right ; of trial
by.- Jury."
Sullivan: of Massachusetts -paid his re-;
spects -to President * Roosevelt \u25a0 by; stating,
thatxhe v did "not t believe* him ': Infallible
either v in ' his • law, ; his : State' policy; or In
his recollection of conversations with dls-,
tlngulshed : vlstors. : : ' \" r , •'-*.. '\u25a0.':;!
v Arguing ? against } Federal . control » of In
surancer- Sullivan { maintained l \ there xwas
ample ' State 'i authority Ito I regulate T legar
abuses,* arid 'he"^continued: > . .• ;'-;
' 'Neither; State nor ] national legislatures
can i legislate 1 honesty : into t a board ; of . di-;
rectors ". of | high * finance ; sitting \u25a0in x New
York? any ixnore^ than '\u25a0\u25a0 they;" can -legislate
thirst , out ; of ,; the ; citizens of ' lowa, Kan
sas and " Maine." ; .;"-;
• .'"George has quarreled r with his
father.".: \u25a0:, . : : \u25a0'; : ;,".-.'../-"•: \u25a0\u25a0; ;\u25a0
' '•^'What's \ the ;troubleT*
: "George.'s-: father' .wanted. George -to
smoke ! up V; the fi' cigars -j- that V. George's
mother; gave^!; George's '7 father ;v for H a
Christmas f present-'^Oleveland < Plain
Dealer." ~
The bes^ 0^ to
become a SOUNI);MAN^ / Since :/iast; i^nstmas''iwe : -haye^re-/.
stored 3CJO ruptured ; men to perfect healtli. ; We- can; .'do the
-same for. you; Maybe you would like-to Vsee ?sonTe :• of them -
and^ask;thernjabout?it^ : Call . and^wewill^give.you their names ;
and 'addresses/ /VVe ;will-; rest bur: claims 'on;: their testimony. -
Fidelity Ru^
;' ' ;';'j3^ I :Mai*rt"StJ^,;S.i:F.,:Cal.'- ::
RIVAL LEADERS
ARE TO SPEAK
Political Campaign in Great
Britain Will Be Fairly
Inaugurated This Week
1 LONDON, i Dec. 16.— The great political
campaign in ;the United Kingdom will
be fairly inaugurated .during the' next
week when ; the Prime Minister,; Sir Hen
ry . Campbel 1- Banne rman, will apeak at
Albert Hall. London, and Mr. Balfour
at : Leeds. <; , It ; Is - expected ..the ': respective
leaders of the Government and opposition
will then > outline ; the. 'main Issues and
platform "of their 'parties. ,,
\u25a0 Alfred * Ly ttleton, Colonial Secretary in
Balfour" s Cabinet, speaking at Leaming
ton; to-night /said tha. Unionists - would
place ; their fiscal policy before the" coun
try. ; This : is ; taken to mean ~ that . some
modification of what is known as i the
Chamberlain 'policy -is intended. Lyttle
ton also ; said the .Unionists would base
their/ fight / against /the . Liberals -on Sir
Henry Campbell-Bannennan'a well-known
home rule proclivities." 'With i regard to
the ] fiscal 'policy, ; Lyttleton,: who may be
understood ! as speaking for the Unionists,
said the whole policy <of his party would
be~; f or _ the prevention , of : unfair competi
tion and colonial "preference.- .
, Christinas ,week., week . will bring . an ; enforced
truce ' between " all " -• the parties so v far :as
an 'active campaign is concerned, but the
activity ; will X begin y again - after , the : new
year. The campaign, :\u25a0 it ; Is * thought, .will
be I short \ and • sharp. . Writs are " expected
on' January B,\whlch \ means '• that \ a ma
jority of *. the elections \. will ;be \ over .by
January : 25, though •' actually some of ths
constituencies have until January 28. In
any event,' the ?: whole ~ question will ». be
decided \u25a0 Inside the month of , January,', as
Parliament '.• prbbab^r will - meet on Feb
ruary.- 15."/ '\u25a0\u25a0•-. ; '\u25a0'.' '. ": . ~*£%&§sK£SS&l
£. One \ of • the most \u25a0 interesting » pieces of
political news ; developed^ during a week
filled ' with : j political .-\u25a0 movements Is the
practical 'certainty; that » Lord ; Curzon ; of
Kedlest on, former ' Viceroy ;of j India,"! will
represent, the cityjbf London In the House'
of Commons," In { succession : to . Sir, Joseph
Dlmsdale. It Is ; recognized- in all political
circles '^that ' Lord I Curzon ' la : one \of the
coming i men i and ia - petition - that is now
being i circulated \in /the ; city £ Is . receiving
signatures . irrespectiTe \u25a0 of ; creed or . party.
Lord ''Curzon'sV friends 3 say. he /will un
doubtedly' accept, vHe"\u25a0is * a conservative
free trader./ .' r '
;'•:-; SANi JOSB.' Deb. 18.— While attempt-
Ing ; to '-* cross <the": street * car ; tracks : at
Santa Clara 'and Orchard . streets . on . his
wheel! this \ evening, . James 1 : Mortimer.'
who resides at Fifteenth and St. James
streets, was \u25a0 struck by; a % Santa < Clara
street car.' Mortimer was thrown a
considerable distance and severely In
jured.. Ha was taken to his home,
where an examination proved that he
had suffered a number of broken ribs
and was injured internally.
_J^s^ \Pr«tty
FI!fE CORRESPOVDEXCB "
STATXOXKKT, ;
In handsome novolty Boz«a; Tmrlou*
artlstio ieslgros. ' colorings and taxt-
ores: \u25a0 all the latest ejects. My •
& prices per box as low a*., fffjj* C
I bay« ti nrall lto» of
CHRISTMAS AND IfEW
: . YEAR'S CARDS
\u25a0at all prices. Full Un* of Gold Peru - ,
S ' and - fancy \u25a0 Pea-Holdsn. $1 up. c
Mall Orders Promptly Filled. »
THAT MAN PITTS, '
T. TV. PITTS, the ! Statlonar,
.1008 Market St., 3 an Francisco.
MEN'S DISEASES
H^^l We especially solicit
9K?raH|a ' those cases of "Weak-
»V#2HbHh ness." Varlcocele. < Hy-
wi^flC drocele. Stricture, Con-
\u25a0yy^afcWflH - tracted .Disorders. Spe-
a^BS ciflc Blood Poison, Piles,
hFOI Rupture, Rheumatism,
fc^"^^™ Loss of Vlgror, Catarrh.
DR. \u25a0; I.IEBIO etc., that have been un-
STAFF. successfully treated by
1023 Mar- other specialists. Our
f• j. ket St. -methods .of treatment
- "S 11 *^ ;.,f; .,f * are different, and •by
Sp«clan«t. \ curlns stubborn and
difficult v cases have won • reputation
from the Atlantic to the Pacific as lead-
ing specialists ' in men's diseases, < and
have built up the largest practice of its"-
kind on the entire • Pacific Coast,^ from
Alaska to Mexico. v^JMa
Fees * are f air j enre« . are permanent,
and : yon ' earn < pay U cored. Eatraacc
private. Bnlldlnjc only used by v:
FIRST I SPECIALISTS 30 YEARS IX S. F.
• See free museum to-day. ; Hear free
lecture to-night and learn who> should
marry, who not, and why. Call or write.
d;r.--..;l;IE-big staff
1033 Market ; Street. Sth Bids- above «th.
|Bf«\A/EAK^VVEIN
CMfMartS dr. HALL'S REIXVIOORATOR
fSm \u25a0KCB stops all losses and unnatural dis-
a \u25a0 >y cbarxes 'to 24 ' hours." You feel an
M Fffi* Improvement from ths first dose.
aBB fcftfi w« have »o mucn confldenca In our
U»i;l a liiiij treatment that we oiler Five Hun-
p*jfl| Rlj dred reward for any case wo can-
VSt&i&SM not cure. This secret remedy cures
loat i pow«r. • nlchtly •ml«slon», wasted organs. >
varlcocele, - gleet, stricture*, kidney*. - tailing
memory, drains in th» urtn«, gonorrhea, dis-
ease of. tbe prostat* glands and all other terri-
ble eSects of . self -abuse or excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cores
the worst cases In old or young of, that morti-
fying ! condition, quickness iof dlscharja. \u25a0> aad
wanting to do, and you can't. : Sent: sealed. |v
, per . bottle : 3 . bottles. 55. . Guaranteed cur* any
I case.''4Mafl»jßgß«ji^«flß»Bjs»sjßßasßj
. - Call or address ' orders HAIX'3 MEDICAL
DJSTITXITE. : 855 .'Broadway. - Oakland, CaL
! Also for sale at 1073% Market st.. 3. i\ Send
! for: fra* . book^sHßMwHHHHatßMl
ll flf39ff. '"' Old Remedy. '\u25a0 Jem for**.'
| AflpFQi SSTKBK.TOW.tIOWII.
1 ' M-li Tarrant'i ExUact of Cubebi . aad
ijffiifkl ° V * CAPSULES.
* ifaM i 3 TtttasteUtt, quiet aad tiwrwl* core
ft \7 t£ tor simple and contagions Tasinal»nd
Tntfi&r-Sr ntctliraldisicharjieii. Ea»ytouk«,eoii.
' ™itent to carry, fifty y (? ari I sueceM-
, ', " ful use. g FUc«» si. at
~-,i Joy'i' 467 1 Kearny »t: ; j Grant ; Drof Co.. 38
Third it.: Th« Owl Drag Co.'« stores. 12S Ma r-
ket St.. 21 Turk St.. 80 Geary St.: Zoh's. IZIQ
Mmrket i«t-i-} San ? Frandaco. , or; by: mul from ,
Th* Tarraat Co.. 44 Hudson at... N«ir jToraVi.-- \u25a0
7374
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
SINGS AS GRIM
DEATH IS NEAR
Elderly Colored Woman Is
Stricken While Warbling
Soiigs of the Southland
DIES SOOX AFTERWAXD
Tragic End of Mrs. Fogg at
the Home for Aged Negroes
at Beulah Park, Fruitvale
!«ln«: me a «one of the Sunny South,
Oar tvlth m iwett retrain;
sins n>« a »ons <>f Dlxirland,
That I may lie happy asrain.
OAKLAND. Dec. 16. — As the words
of the popular melody died from her
lips, Mrs. Fanny Fogg fell to the floor
laet evening and within half an hour
she »vaa dead. It Is supposed that she
was the victim of heart disease. -
Mre. Fogg was a native of.Washing
ton. D. C. and was 65 years old. For
several months she had been Van in
mate of the Colored People's Home at
Beulah Park.
She appeared to be in the best of
health last night and when the colored
people at the home ' gathered in the
general assembly room, her spirits ran
bi£'h. With the others she sang "Do Not
Pas* Me By." and then, at the request
of the others, she sang the popular
eong, "'Sing Me a Song of the Sunny
touth." As she reached the words of
the "old Kentucky home" she gasped
and fell. ICind hands removed her to
her bed room but. she did. not survive
the shock and half an hour later
Deputy Coroner Van Vranken received
a message that the woman was dead.
While, it Is supposed that death was
due to natural causes an inquest will
be held. . , * .
SEEK TO SUPPBESS
NEW SCHOOL PAPEB
Oakland High. Students at
Loggerheads Over Advent
of "Tom Cat"
OAKLAND, Dec 16. — So great has
the friction between the respective
staffs of the Aegis and the Tom Cat,
the rival publications of the Oakland
High School, become that the entire
student body of the school has taken
Bides in the controversy and . official
cognizance of the dispute was - taken
to-day when the Students' Council be
gan an inquiry into the reputed reasons
for stopping the publication of the Tom
Cat which have been advanced by the
editor and staff of the Aegis. Prin
cipal Pond of the high school has de
clared that he will slay the publica
tion of the new paper.
As President Weigle of the Students'
Council is assistant editor of the. Aegis
and seven other members of the staff
are members of the council the fight
tor and against the publication of the
paper is likely to be very interesting,
es the majority of the student body
is in favor of the new paper.
CASE PUZZLES DOCTORS.
OAKLAND. Dec. 1C. — Martin O'Con
nell, a bricklayer, was struck on the
top of the head by a trowel while at
work on a 'wall at the 'cotton mills in
East Oakland this morning and he
went into convulsions. •He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital: where he
had to be strapped down. .The wound
was a slight one and his symptoms
are a puzzle to the doctors who have
him under observation.
PASTOR TO SIEET OFFICIALS.
OAKLAND. Dec. 16.— The Rev. Rob
ert Whitaker. pastor of the TWenty
third-street Baptist Church, will meet
1 -with the Board of Police and Fire Com
missioners Monday afternoon for con
ference as to allegations of vice and
graft In Oakland- The clergyman has
made very general statements on the
subject.
OAKLAND. Dec 16. — Marie Horton
has brought divorce proceedings
against Frank W. Horton on the
ground of desertion. They were mar
ried in Utah in IS9I and have one son.
A final decree of divorce was granted
Cora M. Lewis from F. W. Lewis this
morning for desertion, and to Mary L.
Bardelllnl from Joseph B. Bardellinl on
the same ground.
APPORTIONS SCHOOL MONEY.
OAKLAND, Dec. 16.— An" apportion
ment of county school moneys was
made by County Superintendent of
Bchools T. O. Crawford to-day and
5540.437 has been divided among the
districts of the county: at the rate of
S44S for each teacher and $25 for each
pupil.
WAGE WOItKERS* MEETING.
OAKLAND, Dec. 16.— 8. H. Williams,
organlxer of the Industrial Workers of
the World, will address a meeting of
working men to-morrow afternoon at
2:20 o'clock at Gler's Hall, 611 Four
teenth street. RSWlfefil
STBIKE OF BIVETEBS
ON BBITISH WABSHIP
Men Befuse to Work Over
time and Are Prom
ised Bedress.
PORTSMOUTH, England. Dec. 16.-A
strike was begun at the dock yard here
to-fiay among the men who are building
the battleship Dreadnaught, on which
work Is being pushed with all speed, al
though the exact reason for the unusual
haste has not transpired. The men' have
been reculred to .work overtime, and on
Friday evening the riveters decided that
their pay was . Inadequate and refused to
resume work until their grievances were
adjusted.
After some delay this morning their
chief promised to. recommend the reform
they requested, whereupon the men re
turned to their, labors. "This, 1 " It Is said,
is the first time a strike has taken place
at the royal dock yards.
TWO WOMEST ARRESTED AXD
CHARGED WTrn TAKING PUR
Policemen tTalte • Minnie Stanley and
Brittle lint field Into Custody on
- Market Street. .
Policemen Williams and ." Cronin of the
Southern station arrested Minnie Stanley
and Lottie Hatfleld on Market street
6hortly after 10 , o'clock last night and
locked them up pending an Investigation.
The women had a valuable mink fur' in
their possession . and failed to give ' a
clear account of where they sot it. They
were acting suspiciously when spotted
by the* officers. They deny taking . the
article. The police . were unable to /find
out last night whether, or not the women
\u25a0tole the fur.
PROM INENT EDUCATORS
TO MAKE SPEECHES.
They Will Attend Gonveiitions
During Christmas Week
Authorities Issue a Statement
Descriptive of Fealt^ires
Already Plan ned.
BERKELEY, Dec. 16.— The programme
of the various conventions of educational
bodies that are to be heid in the univer
sity town during Christmas t week is stud
ded with names familiar 'to those who
are In touch with modern pedagogy and
kindred branches of work. The authori
ties in charge of the preparations for
: these conventions to-day issued an an
nouncement in which many of these
! names are Included, with a birdseye view
of that which is to be Been at close range
during the conventions. According to the
announcement during Christmas week
there will be flve notable educational
gatherings at Berkeley. The California
Teachers' Association will hold its thir
ty-ninth annual session, and affiliated
with it will be the meeting of the Library
Association of California, the State Farm
.crs 1 Institute,* the School Board conven
tion and the seventh annual meeting of
the Cordllleran section of the Geological
Society of America. The Berkeley meet
ing of the Teachers' Association prom
ises to be the largest gathering, of \u25a0 the
i kind ever held In the State. Fifteen
counties have called their county insti
tutes at Berkeley, insuring the attend
ance of some 3500 teachers, while the ef
forts of (President Barr to provide a'pro
gramme x that will attract the other 5000
have been so successful that even the
Greek Theater will be. severely taxed to
provide accommodations for the crowd
that will attend the general cessions.
These sessions will be held on Wednesday
and Friday afternoons at 2 o'clock. Pres
ident Wheeler will speak on Wednesday
afternoon, his subject being. "The Rela
tion of the Part to the Whole in Califor
nia Education." He will be followed by
Dr. A. E. Winship of Boston, editor of
the Journal of Education, who will speak
on "Fads and Fancies versus the Three
R's." The selection of the place of meet
ing and new officers for 1906, with other
business, will follow the address. On Fri
day afternoon Dr. Winship will speak
again, "Twentieth Century Standards in
Education" being his theme, and Super
intendent L. ;D. Harvey of the Stout
Training School at Menomlnee, Wis., will
speak on "Industrial Education." The
report of the council of education will be
presented at this meeting., . , ..
COU2VCIL. TO DE BUSY.
The session of the council of educa
tion, the main working committee of
the Teachers' Association,-, will begin
on Tuesday morning. .December 26, at
9:30 o'clock, and Jast all day Tuesday
and until noon on- Wednesday. These
will be held in the Philosophy build
ing and many important topics, such as
"The Development and Maintenance of
Professional Standards , Among Teach
ers," "The Tenure of Office of Teach
ers," "The Training of Teachers for
Country Schools" and "The Supervision
of Rural Schools," will be discussed. On
Tuesday afternoon' there will be a gen
eral session in the Alhambra Theater
in San Francisco, with addresses of
welcome by Mayor Schmltz, Superin
tendent Langdon and Alfred Ron
covleri, president of thj San Francisco
Board of Education, and an address by
City Superintendent of Schools 'Frank
B. Cooper of Seattle, Wash., and an
other by Mr..' Suzzalo of the . depart
ment of education of Leland Stanford
University. The San Francisco teach
ers will hold ' sessions' on Wednesday
and Thursday afternoons also..'
nEI»AIITSI EXT WORK.
On Tuesday afternoon regular- de
partment work will begin at Berkeley,
the high school teachers of English as
sembling in the auditorium of Califor
nia Hall, the teachers of , mathematics
in North Hall, the teachers of physics
and chemistry in South Hall, the teach
ers who are interested in the commer
cial department In the Entomology
building, while the department of music
will hold Its first session In the First
Presbyterian Church.
• The section on county^ board organi
zation will hold its first session *on
Tuesday afternoon In the observatory,
the topics under discussion being "The
Certification of Teachers by County
Boards" and "The i Relations of County
Boards of Education to High Schools."
At the same hour, ' 2 o'clock, Tuesday
afternoon, the department of" nature
study and agriculture' will hold its first
joint session with tHe State Farmers'
Institution in Hearst .- Hall. ' Dr. . AI -. C.
True, director of; the office of experi
mental stations [of; the; Department of
Agriculture, Washington, will deliver
an address on the' timely subject, V. I , Why
the Friends ;of "Agricultural \u2666 Progress
Believe That Agriculture Should ; Be
Taught ,in the Public ' Schools." The
discussion of this subject will 'be lead
by Professor Hilgard. On -Thursday,
morning. at 9:3o' o'clock Governor^Par
dee will address j this joint session "of
farmers and teachers, of nature study
and agriculture and Dr." True will pre
sent a paper on "A System ' of Agrlcult
tural Education. 1-for.,.Califorriia-^Ele
mentary, Secondary, Universal."/
CANNOT. EXPLAIN INJURY.
OAKLAND, 1 Dec. 16.— W. H.Z Gray, an
old resident of San' Leandro,',; lies j at
Fabiola- Hospital '.with two » fractures of
his "left • leg that ~ were ; received \ ln an
unknown manner. He lives with his
daughter, Mrs. Leo Best,' at San; Lean
dro, and neither/; he nor '/his if: family
knew of his; Injuries -until his cries
awoke the household atS /o'clock s In
the morning. } > The evening,'- before ihe
'spent; at the Estudillo House and It; Is
supposed that ;he was/Injured ; going
home." . : \T hat 'he was' not aware ! of *hls
Injuries is explained by the 'fact that
he is! partly paralyzed. ;\u25a0_
E. J. B LANDING ILL.
ALAMEDA,\Dec. 16.— E. J. Blanding
a capitalist. Is critically ill at' his home'
If 17, Everett street! He has pneumonia
and pleurisy, and" his recovery; is doubt
ful. Blanding *is .s large .; owner T O f
realty In this city, and in San -Francisco
and ' has been : conspicuous in 'civic mat
ters here. 7 :
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
.';\u25a0 OAKLAND, Dec. , 1 6.— The folio wing
marriage licenses: were . issuediby : the
County Clerk* to-day: Ernest W.-; Hartr
22; j and -, Marie vC • Jardon;, 1 9, V both "of
Oakland;. James "R. Langtry,:. 24, Oak
land, * and Edith " Bruns.^ 21, Berkeley ;
Louis D. . Stoppel, * 26,*- and " Mabel L
Dugan, 16, both of Newark.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALU^ SUNDAY^; DECEMBERS: I7, 1905f
SCIENTIST
DESCRIBES
ODD PLANT
BERKELEY, Dec. 16.— A peculiar
plant palled the Corymorpha, which ap-'
pears to r have muscles and nerves as
do animals,/ is described \u25a0at length : by
H. B. Torrey, a scientist connected, with
the department of zoology ?of \u25a0 the \u25a0 State
University.. In a bulletin dealing: with
this • plant-like; : animals. Professor Tor r
rey says: '; '\u25a0 \u25a0: " . ' .: : ;'/ ,-. ./ : .\u25a0 :
I "One'of; the striking features of the
higher i plants is \u25a0 that the stems grow
upward,, the : : roots . downward. 1 As ; the
result of- experiments with. the Cory
morpha, Professor v Torrey finds 'that
not only does- It/bphave in a"' similar,
manner, but the "mechanism by which
the movements -of ' the .stem » appear to
be " made is also similar In I both ) cases.
The direction taken by. the stem is due
to a change in . the turgidity/ of the
large vacuolated cells ;wlfich constitute
the major portlon'of ' the stem-tissue.
The cells on the>upper side of a. stem
that in inclined from : the vertical /be-,
come relatively.; smaller , than those ,on
the- lower side, under, the Influence 'of
the force of gravity. There are neither
muscles nor. nerves '-, In plants. There
are both- muscles "and nerves In Cory-*
morpha, but these do not: appear to.be
affected by gravity. The position
which the stem Jof . Corymorpha /as
sumes is rather /due/ to an unconscious
mechanical, reaction, to- an /external
stimulus of /certain tissue-cells,; which
are not Identical with the muscles re
sponsible for other movements of the
body." ;
Professor Torrey has also Just pub
lished a paper ;on differentiation , in
hydroid ; colonies / and ? the problem of
senescence. Ho states as ; tho conclu
sion reached by/ his ' investigations that
old age is a i phenomenon. .of differen
tiation/ depending .> on similar , causes.
The". hydroids are .plant-like animals,
many i growing, like flowers attached to
a\eommon ;Sten>.6£.ThOBesat.the/top, of
the- etom differ/ somewhat-'from? those
at .the ;base. This, difference is' ascribed
to a' change ; in the chemical constltu-*
tion of the colony which takes place as
development proceeds, J or. in/other
worcte,. as "- the . colony ages. . Professor
Torrey's'experlinehts; «o not .sustain
the \u25a0 theory = that the' structure of. the
adult organism is essentially pre
determined In the' structure :of the
germ. : "* ...
BEADY TO UPHOLD
THE AJMUERICA-N FLAG
President of Isle of Pines
Writes Concerning Exist
ing Conditions;
HAVANA. Dec. 16— President \ Raynard
of the Isle of Pines Association jln a let
ter to the Associated Press says:
"The last ! mall'; from ;" the States
brought additional guarantees of (40,000 in
cash and of men and all the ammunition
needed \to defend our rights and uphold
the American flag in: this isle./ This means
. over . $50,000 In ; cash,/ 6000 men ' and \ all the
munitions ; needed'- should we elect / to \ use
force in maintaining the rights of Ameri
cans on American territory.'/- • ;*; * "
'-\u25a0 Secretary of the Interior/ Andrade, t when
shown- the: above; letter,'/ apparently :i .was
undisturbed. ;He \ said -\u25a0 the ; United States
doubtless could i be depended upon to . pre
vent the \u25a0 embarkation ' of ; men and muni
tions of war forthe Isle of Pines, j Asked
whether he ; regarded Ray nard's • letter ] as
grounds for prosecution, /" the •,' Secretary
said that : It 1 was a* matter, for ': the /courts
to decide,; declaring:. that /• the" Govern
ment, would pay f. no attention to such
statements.-: ." ' . '-/-- "'\u25a0'\u25a0* : -
OPPOSES EMPLOYMENT ; ,
OP -CONTRACT /SURGEONS
General t. Wood 'I: Declares .the \u25a0 Present
S7«tem la 'a Makeshift and an •';'
/\u25a0 Eipenslve One. '•""\u25a0 ' ' '
WASHINGTON, C : Dec. \u25a0 16.-— Secretary
Taf t % to-day,? sent \ to : the '< Senate *a , let
ter f rom>MaJor; General \ Leonard '/Wood,'
commending. : i the proposed .legislation
to increase the 'efficiency, of . the ; medical
corps \u25a0 of , the,- army. C. General "/Wood; op
poses ;thef employment 'of' contract? sur^
geons'.V declaring " : the * system j"av make
shift : and ; ! an '\u25a0'_ expensive s one,' : . as f is ; our
policy/ of /expansion/ of Lthei medical ; de^,
partm'ent^ in? time • of :war /through ithe
employment 'of -\u25a0lnexperienced 3 medical
men. '; These, gentlemen,\whatever; their
professional attainments, know little of
army Z methods f or/, of > handling large
bodies r;Of^men;t and : ,we/ have ;. always
paid' for I their Jeducatlon^in;. time hof"J war
by an enormous : expendlture^of /m en and
money.'/wlth "f its '\u25a0?\u25a0 resulting f embarrass^
ment 'lri;:the /way^of ; lnefflclent troops
and a large pension list.". '
SUES BECAUSE HE; HAD
TO WORK -IN "SING SING
Ex-Convict :\u25a0- Brlna-* - Action :/ For , Dn m
agcs'-Agaibßf/.the/'State of './'
•-','./ /:;;:.New .York. i;. \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0".'\u25a0 ; -/
•'. MOUNTS VERNON,;N.ViT..' Dec:) 16^
: John' Rohr,; who. wasfsentenced'itolSlng,
Sing prison! for flvei years and'who '•was
i released fabout'|eight?monthsfago,|has
/suit : against |the 7 State [of frNewj
$10,000 |damages,"s because^ he
was 1 forced ? to\work » inl prison.-? and I es-J
pecially; on rholldays.^Rohr; claims Uhat
1 1 ! Was;illegal;to ; f oree • himj to work " on'
holidays.,/-. ": : : .yi/nl'/., - ."/"\u25a0 v -:''"'v'" ; /" : :
'.Warden .";' Johnson . appeared ,, before
Supreme '.Court' Justice Keoghf at -White'
; Plains las ;on"e » of § the f parties i mention^';
ed.JlnVthe^actlohSbutj; as ithef Attorney*
General^ of Sthe'StateX was: not/priesent'
the'fcase^was | not % called.! ;.The faction
was broußht;toUest*the-law.; ; / -/
» Walter Long, the' lrish Secretary,; has
arranged i witi t h 'the "§ treasury}, toll provide'
J10.000.000j before JtheTend ithelyear,*
and v such fan? amount f of I stocks In 2 1906
as? will f- produce '^practically^ $50,000,000.'
to secure |"expeditionjin\ the iworkingjof
the "landVpurchase act.".' •\u25a0 _
: No , hearth Is -.morel hurigry'ithan - one
that \u25a0 f ollowa 1 1 or I the ; , loaves ": alone.' ;'' \u25a0*
:/'- .•\u25a0•\u25a0.:\u25a0•-,• \u25a0.•\u25a0"• v\u25a0\u25a0-.;.•v \u25a0\u25a0-.;.• '••.. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 .\u25a0-\u25a0. «\u25a0':\u25a0'/.' ':. i \u25a0\u25a0 if t?.y. ..'..\u25a0
FASHIONABLES
ATTEND FAIR
FO R C H U RC H
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
: OAKI^AND, Dec. ; 16.— The \ spirit 4_4 _ of
. Christmas \u25a0\u25a0 hovered I merrily \u25a0 :' about .the
Ebell .; building to-day."-; for V:. St. .:" Paul's
bazaar , was -, in i progress : : and t adults '' and
children •> found :-h: -h much : to please ;.-..: them'
there; ' .The .'• club :=: = rooms were "well. ; filled
all day; and ; there were so many present
whbie *\u25a0 names are ' familiar ones ..In " the
history'of smart 'set affairs It waß almost
like -a ; fashionable tea. •
iTlie small stage 'had been ".converted
Into an 'ice i cream parlor and •; there I Mrs."
E.,;: C. Morrison i ; presided; with > dainties
and a.", pleasant word j for every \u25a0 one. Vj At
the .: table : Miss^Florlnne
Brown; and % Mrs. LJllian '\u25a0* Brown \ EJvert*
were ; the ' busiest people In \ the ; hall, : Miss
Brown '* tying . bundles ': with f th« I neatness
and v dexterity rof Tan ; expert, ' while :Mrs.
Everts r'raade f change as calmly 'as : the
professional ' "cashier." ;. 'f^^^^SSSi
"i At another table ' Mrs. James O.\ Allen
sold - moucholrs and 'at ' various -.• other
booths \u25a0: might \be seen Mrs. %' Harrison
Clay, Mrs. B, G. Brown, Mrs. Bdaon
Adams.'Mrs.jJohn Fearn, Mrs.-;.Walkley,
Mlsb Prather, Miss Russell; \u25a0 Miss ' Hay-;
den; Mlss\CTellin. : Miss Fox.% 1 Mrs. - Mc-
Neale'Mor'ganvand scores of : others, tall
\u25a0vyorkinff with willing hands and hearts
to : make the : bazaar : a success _- and a : tidy
sum was added ; to the building^tund. :'; ; v
. Rev. , Mr. was present > and ) the
thought ; that ilti It was the last .time Jhe
would participate with St. Paul's . parish
was ! the- one ; sad note in. the otherwise
festive? day. Mr. and ' Mrs. Walkley are
preparing- to? leave for his j new -charge
in' New "Jersey* on December.* •••; 28. ;T; T Mr.
.Walkley ? haa = made "many \ friends -. during
his '; residence' here and leaves ; St.K Paul's
in a fairly: nourishing condition. "< There ; is
$4000 .In tho -bank for the -new , church
building, i which is ;.to be . erected ; on.; the
loU owned; by; the parish 7 on Boulevarde
Terrace : arid . over f $4000 has been paid ; In
the laft A-ear on the lot. \The old \Harri
son street pi-operty is free if rom r debt and
as : the income f rom : the parish \ is^ : greater,
than its -. expenies -it : rather - looks " •as
though Mr. 1 : Walkley was leaving affairs
in" fairly good 'shape for: his sdecessor. \u25a0
\u25a0;• •-.. v- . \u25a0;. • * • \u25a0 . \u25a0.;*. ;\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0-. \ \u25a0
: Miss Mabel Reed and her friend, Harry
Lane of Los Angeles, were the guests of
compliment at an elaborate dinner affair
In ' San Francisco last night. ? Mr. Lane
has been 'visiting ; In Oakland for J a week
and . leaves : to-morrow for his - southern
home, where he will assume the' position
of editor on the News. Mrs.v Will Demlng
was hostess last ; night, and :-: covers if or
ten • were - placed on the beautifully deco
rated . table, exqufslte American; Beauty
roses being used with delightful [effect. ;
'Miss WaldaEggers, whose engament^to
George Brummel of Berkeley, waa recent;
ly" announced,' was a ; guest," \u25a0 with her
fiance, and Mr. and ' Mrs. ; Fred \u25a0 Hammer
of , Oakland .were also among i the chosen.
The wedding ?of Miss ;• Reed > and ; Mr.* Lane
wil 1 probably^ be an' early.r event fof the
spring, ; and the . daintiest s 'of trousseaux \is
already being- planned..' Everyjjnel'ls're
gretting, that ' the' future ? home^of --these
young people i must ; be lh : ' Los Angeles,' for
not 1 only is Miss Reed uncommonly popu
lar/ but Mr." Lane] has>won ' a ' host ;of \u25a0 ad-^
mlrers in the short time of : his" stay/ here.
Being a Chi Psi man/The has been warmly
received In fraternity circles. \u25a0
Miss Anita Thomson hostessed a mati
nee party afternoon." a' gay 'coterie of
society girls i enjoying a . performance « of
"If I Were King." Miss Laura-JVanSick
ien of Burlington; V t.', "was ; the * guest of
chief interest. The ; party $ also 5 Included
Miss Hilda Van Slcklen." Miss; Noellede
Golia, Miss ; Katherine Kutz,\ Miss Sevllla
Hayden, Miss Gladys \u25a0 Meek, 1 Miss Char
lotte Hall," Miss ; Gertrude Russell, Miss
Helen " Dorriln, Miss * Edna . Prather, i Miss
Beulah' Brigham;; Miss Katherine' Brown,
Miss' Ruth Houghton and Miss Elsa Schill
ing. : « ; " \u25a0-'\u25a0.'\u25a0'-'. ?\u25a0"
• • •
Miss Inez :BoyneJ entertained at dinner
this evening,"' her " guests : including ' Miss
Bessie. Jarvis^ Miss Mildred ißoyne,; Miss
Estelle : Kleeman, j Mrs. ;• B. : F. Wade, , Mrs. 1
Joseph AMathews;: Eugene ' Farnham,'; X'
Sherwood; ; Will \u25a0 Jarvis;: Rufus ; Smith.^Dr.
George E. Kleeman \u25a0 and Jack Mathews. '.
Mrs. •C. M. Dyer, and her daughter; Miss
Nellie Dyer, have, "gone toi Denver and
Salt Lake* to visit; 'during, the •holidays. .;
NAVAL ACADEMY OFFICERS , \u25a0',
ARE , HARSHLY CRITICIZED
ConsTfusmnn \u25a0 Peary : of ;; Maryland Saya
They ' Winked-; at : and Connived at
V \u25a0? Hazlac of .Midshipmen.'
WASHINGTON,' Dec. 5 16."-^Ofncers of the
naval '\u25a0 academy 'are • harshly/ criticized v for
winking at* hazlngMnTal resolution \ lntro- v
duced - to-day/ by,; ; Representative % Peary
of Maryland: ; Charges were ; made ; against
the. authorities of the : z.c&^.«my za ta\
lows: r^S^^^S^^^^^^^SS^^.t- \u25a0-'-\u25a0' \u25a0;-:. \u25a0/,- -\
"It appeared to /be I fairly/ weir : ascer
tained I from * the i tesUmony t, given ; before
the Merlwether,, court
martial) '*- that v the \$ practice ; of ; . fagging,
hazing; and j fighting ; was /common \u25a0 at ; said
Institution," and that the same, was^nked
at * and • connived ; at -, by • thejofflcersjof [ the
said institution,^ whose '^duty it <is to maliv
tain * ''discipline '/ among }, the [/ j midshipmen
and' to;train* and -perfect .them for] service
as -of - the I navy, j and ;i to j protect
such . midshipmen : in ' their, health ? and life,
and . that X the "i failure ito ? maintain ? disci
pline ''< lay ?more with "the^officers \ of •; said
institution than upon: the midshipmen at
tending there.";/; :.// \u25a0\u25a0':"""\u25a0'.
;"' After; reviewing -the 1 Branch-Meriwethfer
case and % thel recent I hazing lof * Midship^ . i
man; Jerdon; Pettus^Kimbrough,/- the ? reso-t i
lution - provides \u25a0 for; aTconipletej lnvestlga-;
. tlon i by,' ; the * Committee eof i the^ House j) on
Naval i Affairs,^ and t recommendations tby,
thatTcommittee ; as]td » how.| the 'institution
may be | reconstructed 7' and "/changed ,\to,
prevent such "•.'disastrous and] disgraceful
occurrences. 'V; •'. 'r.'Z'l' \u25a0-'- '\u25a0-•.•;•';••.•\u25a0'\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'•'\u25a0'.{
iln conclusion Uhe resolution! urges; em-,
l>hatically 1 that ', the s responsibility.; for : re-^
cent "i events jat I Annapolis ibe | fixed£ defln-J
Hely and that' the" committee recbmmehda^
i tions : may. 1 ay . the blame where , it belongs,
'^so ; that : hereafter, the result may,! not fend
.with ?| thep mere'| dismissal j£6f •? promising
Young men ' from L the institution^ but jbrtng
,to bearland .visit' proper, penalties ; upon ,the
trained f ofacers * Inl charge V of ' such ? lnsti-" >,
tiitlbn^ f orj their | conduct,^ for.; which :; they
must ,be held responsible." V,- ; >} ~
livening: Things Up.
.One of . the*mostipecullarltrade8 j on:rec
ord Uook] place] here ; several|days| agrb^A:
'one-legged rmanYnamed' James' Bruner^was
standing] "ori^the^ Mereeri? National i Bank
corner/gwhen'S another,^ fellow^affllcted /? in
a" like manner/came] BwinglngrJacrosg lithe
street- on -his 'crutches:' He 'passed ; before
the^ttrstsmahlarid|'eyingj;himfqulzically.
remarked : g4'Say,*| partner ,*9 let'»/3 go ;gup_
street'and buy^ us a : > pair of shoes.'J^As , one
mam had J lost ] his ] right* leg [and I the j other,
his left/^theyShobbled^upWtoSthef shoe
store J arid f got f fitted Kwlth 5 a f shoe f apiece.*;
Then ; each ; fellow^ Raid \ his j half fof j thelblll
andjthe s I two|menr4'withfa I §pair>of|sh6es
between jthem7ft went : on' 'their S,waya |re^
Jolcing.— Exchange.'/ '\u25a0'.
TRUSTEES WANT
OFFICIAL REPLY
Ask President Heron of Oak
land Traction Company ' to
Confirm Assertions of Hart
WANT DIKECT ANSWER
San Francisco Attorney's
Statements Deeply \u25a0 In
terest the City Fathers
AIiAMEDA,- Dec. 16.— Through- City
Clerk J. ; W.' Gillogly the; City Trustees
ot : ;Aiameda have asked ; the dfQcial& of
the Oakland Traction v Consolidated . '. to
either "affirm : or deny, the statements of
Attorney; W.- H. * H. 'l Hart \ made • at 'i the
meeting;. 1 of ;the, board last;; Thursday
dight-V Hart, ' who ? represents "f.W. -^J.
Morgan of San ?: Francisco," has
made vapplicatlon i] for;; a ':. trmaohiii :ito
operate - streetcars and \ a ' ; ferry tn Ala
meda," ? informed ' the members v of :<" the
board - that ' If Uhe f ranohise \ which*|ex
tends o ver streets' now; occupied . by Vai
tracks of , the Oakland Traction] Consoli
dated Vwere . granted' ;the established
lines would be abandoned in' favor? of
the new : company, i. \u25a0 \u0084 .;
:-;\u25a0; While -it is. true! that General Super
intendent J. s P.. ; Potter of , the 7 Oakland
Traction' Consolidated;' Samuel vJ."^Tay
lor,';the'^ secretary^ and Bernard P.
Miller,' assistant j manager of the Realty
SyndicateVihave all: emphatically -denied
that ; the ; Oakland corporation is In "any
way ; connected /with the , new ; company
representedr.byj- General! Hart; the; City
Trustees) have: received no formal;an
nouncement \u25a0, that' such- is : the \u25a0 fact and
by I their , order; City Clerk \ Gillo^ly. has
sent the following communication .to E.
A.' , Heron, , president : ', of ,/ the f \ Oakland
Traction Consolidated:
, "Mr. E. r. A.: Heron, . president' Oakland
Traction : Consolidated, . Oakland, : Cal.
Dear- Sir": \u25a0 Recently J an } application i for
a > franchise . to : run cars ; and ': operate i" a
ferry .'\u25a0 In "Alameda • has ' been" made .to \u25a0 the
Board of Trustees of this , city by ..W.
H. : Morgan of Ban Francisco, 'repre
sented by General W.I H. H^Hart. The
greater ; part- of j the ) streets over [which
the applicant • requests a franchise • Is at
present ' occupied ' by the Oakland' Trac
tion Company, namely, Santa. . Clara
avenue from Webster street!, to High
street,' and', on' High; street .from; Santa
Clara avenue. to ! San Jose ; avenue.
;•' '"In \u25a0; making : this - request . for a -t ran^.
chise General Haft : ; stated 'that -i- Mr.
Havens and <P. M. Smith of ; your > com
pany : have agreed; that \u25a0 the Oakland
Traction Consolidated will A abandon
said 'section of your, roadway \u25a0 In t favor
of 1 the; Morgan, interests. He "further,
stated that : your . : company would \ then
desire p a . franchise :on : some r other. ave
nue" north of- Lincoln avenue, formerly
Railroad ' avenue. : .. 1 = - '
"The Board ; of . Trustees., of course,
do not desire to workiin the dark.- In
this matter/ consequently they have in-^
structed ; me to with: ", the
president \of the Oakland .Traction" Con
solidated ; and ! request • that - you' official
ly/either "affirm* or deny .this, statement.
As, the! Trustees .hold'; their ..> regular
meeting, next ; Monday, they "would, like
to have a reply, by that time If possible.
\u25a0"Yours- respectfully. /"
"J. W. GILLOGLT." /•"
FOLSOM PENITENTIABY
IX FIBST-BATE SHAPE
Directors Meet and Go Over
the Affairs v of the
Institution:
Special Diss&tch 'to - The Call.
.;•-. FOLSOM, : : Dec; 16.— Two prisoners were
paroled",,- at '• the •*\u25a0 meeting : "of V the : , State
: Board "of Prison Directors here last night.
E. '-'vWV'v McKlnsey,' / serving Ia J seven-year
sentence from; Glenn ? County! for: assault,"
was/theflrst paroledr : ; He had 'three years
left to serve. .'/ F.? I*v Johnson, J under r a
seven-year.. /"sentence for-*; robbery, /with
eight months to 7 serve, also given his
\u25a0 release.": Louis \u25a0 Stultz, -a.'- llf e-ternver, .was
recommended to " the ' Governor ' f or ' parole.
He^ ls]6o years old and ; has served twenty
years/,: i James J Denbro given eight
•months'; restored //. ' ,--."/,
to/: expectations, the Prison
Directors ? took no action Vas ; a ; result of
the 5 recent investigation at San Quentln. ."
The affair s was discussed informally yin
an (executive session.V Director./ Felton
was not present. /' The examination of Ithe
routine < work S. of ': the"/ prison : . : here 'was
quickly ; finished./' The report \ot Warden
A. Yell , was ; approved. The affairs of
the rprlson were \u25a0 found .. to ;be'•in T a yery ;
satisfactory.; condition. ;; Just . before the
meeting *i adjourned •; the ; board \ approved
the site ; f or> the new. insane',' ward for .; the
conVicts. It \ will /be j located \u25a0 Just "above
the ' prison^ dam. V _ The ; site .was ; selected
by the State /Commission sof Lunacy.
FRUIT. BRANDY DISTILLERS
i WANT, TO SECURE ; EXEMPTION
Ask Congress to Modify the Law.: Re
.: latlng to the Manufacture of
/. // ', /;//-. •\u25a0,.-, Spirits." ../:\u25a0•' ''
/IWASHINGTON,VDec.;IB.-— A bill pro
posed 2>y} thel California; Wine fAssocla-^
[tlon | was i to-day/ introduced :< by- RepreC
sentative i .v* Hayes, Cl {exempting ±.'5. fruit
brandyfdistlllers,^ In the 'discretion *of
thelCommissloner,: of [Internal : Revenue/
f ro the? provisions tof> the law/relat
ing manufacture "of '\u25a0 spirits.". In
order i;to,f secure ; this ./^exemption.' the
ibrandy^must if be;-, made V exclusively ,of
apples," peaches," grapes/pears," apricots,"
oranges,'* pineapples;-) berries, f/ ; prunes;
I flgs.^f cherries :i or % plums. v?/ Hayes ' also
presented f'a T iblll,f regulating^ the /prac-J
tlceiofimedlclne and jsurgery^ ln Alaska.*
Lunar Rainbow Seen la Georgia.
- A,- curious , arid ; unusual ' phenomenon", in'
the £f orm /'of !^a 'rainbow : for .which / the
moon Instead of .^the 'sun furnished the
light, Xwaa~ observed . here on . the ; night \of
Junell9.V."? ; i, r "'."'v, ,^->\J- : --^ 'ili- ; /\Y- r :ri \u25a0 -\u25a0
•"^•A*; heavy)- rainstorm/ /; accompanied r by
considerable thunder," occurred Just before
"moonrise/^'As ijthe"; fclouds i retired /to? the
.weBtitoellumlnary4rose[and*;the.bowXwas
• flrsti" observed,'! only'; the % extremities^ for
-about |twenty-five ;; degrees % being 'visible,^
\u25a0 the Ij moon gat S that |tlme^ being : concealed
jbehlhdja! small 'cloud. ~x For, about (twenty
minutes.'u tes .' the; bow; increased i in "; brightness^
and " at ; the I end\' of ~i that r time S could $ be
clearly : ".traced V? throughout gl its 55 entire
length. --' : At I each i end *\u25a0 red and % blue
colors [could jbe ; plalrilyj distinguished,' but
j theXreroaihderJofj thejarc f showed on 1 y as
*alllght fstreak facrosslthel clouds. / .; \~ ; ;
\u25a0??The/coriditl6hs;f6rjthe T phehomenon were
almost* ideal, ;th«Tmoont being jbut-a few
'daysli past \ f ullit,the ; cloud /screen*, occupy
ing | the"! proper/ position; ;. and.V- as » it ; ocr"
"curre'd i'j Just %at s moorirlse/I the i\ bow;^ was
"VeenCwell lupl In** thejheaveris.'//' After! the
"clouds \ had f almost f entirely,} melted faway,*
leavingronly/a^slight ' hazeUhrou'gh^whica
! thei'stars 5 shone,^ | p6rtlohs>£df £the f* bow.
could V- be clearly -discerned.— Scientific
' ' " ' .
j;i\ Meekness j- does } not ? buy . mastery at the
costtof r manllness/-'r' v .' -
POLICE CHJEF
ANSWERS JAPS
Conrad Eeplies to Charges
That Gambling Games Are
Permitted io Be Operated
FACTIONS ARE BLAMED
Country-men of the Minister
From Land of Mikado As
sert Tasaki Is] Impostor
ALAJIEDA. Dec. 16.— Chief of Police
John Conrad Is not perturbed because _of
the assertions made by the
Young; Men's Christian Association . and
the Japanese Association that his depart
ment haa not exerted . itself : to, suppress
gambling in Chinatown after having been
requested so to do by Rev. 8." Tasaki. rep
resenting the two organizations of ' the
little brown men. In speaking of tha re
flections cast upon' his . force and of the
complaints- made by the Japanese, which
have; been, filed with the City Trustees,
Chief : Conrad said :
'! Tner ®' are two factions in the local
Japanese \u25a0 colony, and it seems that they,
are endeavoring to draw the police into
their troubles. One faction is headed by
the •• Rev. Mr. Tasaki, and tha : other is
composed ?of those : who jare , opposed to
Tasaki. The ', minister and ; his followers
evidently * think - that those who . are not
with; him , are gamblers .'and rascals, . and
the opponents. of .Tasaki say that he is a
fraud,' an Impostor and a grafter. .
."Tasaki came to me same time ago and
wanted certain Japanese run out of town.
I asked him why he: desired them exiled,
and he . replied ', that 'they were bad : men.
I: advised' him that if ; he ; knew.; wherein
they: had violated i any law . to .- prefer
charges - and ' that I would . assist . in ' the
prosecution. Tasaki said that the men he
complained of should be banished \u25a0 from
Alameda on general . principles.' ,1 in
formed him that I did not have the power
to run any person out of town on gnneral
principles,- and asked , him what he would
do if I would attempt to drive him from
Alameda on general 'principles.. He an
swered that be - would object to being
sent from town in that manner, and I
said that I believed that he would be
justified ; In so objecting.
. : "Many, complaints have been made by
F. "VV.; McCann, who owns the greater
part": of Chtnatown, « of . numerous petty
thefts of tools and \u25a0 building - supplies. As
a i result- of these numerous thefts Mc-
Cann has /discharged the Japanese that
he had in his employ. Tasaki implies in
his' remarks; that the police and; gam
bling are responsible for these Japanese
thefts, when In my opinion . the men
guilty . of . the petty thefts are -\ natural
born thieves. .There is no more gambling
in Chinatown now than .there ever, has
been, despite" the statements of vTasaki.
I am ready at any time to go -the
City/Trustees and answer Tasakl's^ac
cusations."
BANKEBS ABE AFTEK
THE CHECK BAISEBS
Meet and Discuss Plans for
Protection Against Bad
• Paper Passers.
t SAN' JOSE. Dec. 16.— An important
meeting of the executive council of the
California Bankers' Association took
place at the Hotel Vendome this evening.
Members of the council were in : attend
ance ? from all parts \u25a0of -. the State. The
meeting .was presided over by J. D.' Rad
ford, president <of the First National
Bank of this city. The principal topics
discussed .were .an \u25a0 organization for /the
mutual i protection iof . the", bankers of i the
State' 1 and the offering of a , standing re
ward for the conviction of check raisers
and forgers.
YOUTHFUL" SINGERS RENDER
A DIFFICULT PROGRAMME
Eric and Elizabeth Darta Give a Birth
day Concert; Which Is Enjoyed by
. a Large Audience.
1 /Eric and Elizabeth Davis, two youth
ful performers ' of the Roeckel -' Conserv
atory: operatic "class," gave a birthday
concert .in Association Hall of the
Toung - Men's . Christian Association
building 'last night and won for them
selves ,th"c utmost praise of those w^ho
attended/the concert.
Eric Is 13 years old and his sister Is
but. 10. i; They rendered some very diffi
cult :• selections in a i capable "manner.
The programme was as follows:
In costume, r prologue, "Pagllacci"
(Leoncavallo). Brie; two, scenes— "Vol
che sapete.". "Figaro" (Mozart), Can
zone, : "Saper . • vorreste," ."Un >Ballo"
(Verdi), ' Elizabeth; Cavatina, "Salve!
dlmora casta c pura." .'"Faust" "(Gou
nod), Erlc; : two Scenes-^-Gypsy - Bang;
i'Carraen?,' f (Bizet), "Avanera,", 1 "Car
men';-(Bizet), v Elizabeth; Prison; Scene.
"IlVTrovatore" (Verdi), '. Elizabeth and
Eric; ' VThe i Butterfly." Page's ' Song" ; (Ch. 1
H. ': j McCurrle ) ,' / Elizabeth ; ; trio. '.There
Was an Old VWoman" (Pratt), Elizabeth,
Eric Tand I Mario • Roeckel; song, ?/ "The
American Flag", ;', (Drake),'. ; (Roeckel),
Eric ; 'sacred .; song, 5 "O, Divine
deemer" \ (Gounod).V Elizabeth^'; ; Scotch
ballad,*; ."Annie. Laurie"". V (Dunh-
Roeckel)V i'; Eric; f rom ' ' "Song — ;Cy
cle,"'"A*^, Love" * Garden" ; (H. : Clough
Lighter), ''The', Rose • and ; the Nlghtln
gale,',l\"Tha '_ Fateliof ithe - Rose," v: "Let
the '\u25a0*; Red >Rose '\u25a0 Fade," :;; Ellzabeth; r . "The
Angels'^ Serenade" CBraga),' i Erlc.ivlo
lln' L oblig:ato by, Elizabeth (pupil of Pro
fessor.-; Loydd™ Gllpin) ; duets-^(a) f"Qol
Pfettyißose" (In Canon) (Marzlals).
(b) '/'Nearest^ and? iDearest" (Tuscan
folk - song)*' (Caracclolo) , : Elizabeth ' and
Eric ; ' "Songr Cycle,',' "From " an ' Old Gar
den'li(McDowell);: "The Pansy.V '^The
Myrtle.'^.'rrhe "The .Yellow
Daisy." "The Blue Bell," "The Mignon
ette "Eric.
Hoit, Protection Works In France.
B^^» ' France »the^ standing -concern: over
thefdecfirie in . population /has, taken tho
f orml oof.f f . a', committee \u25a0 to" ascertain Its
causes. V; Yves t G uy ot [ has < made • one •fre
port':to,theieconomlc'subcommittee/ In
.which % he"*has f grievous ", things to 'say; of
the T policy.Sof protection t; in rendering
thelcondltlons of life . harder. Z The 'fig
ures J:. which/ he . amasses /and 'analyzes
convince ; him /that "''not ' 5 : per j cent" *of
tho French^ people , reap': any J advantage
from"; the > protectlye] tariff ,V whiles all '- the
rest ? payj tribute /under It. , M. Guyot is
"especially * keen : in / pointing ; out : the
."unseen'* -?_ taxes which the \u25a0' protective
system ' levies. 1 On bread V and " • meat
alorie^ he 5 estimates ; this \ tax In - France
to be . as >niuch* as $10,000,000 a "year.
Bimllarly \ with most other rieceVsaries
of -life. //In , a 'country whose 'fiscal 'pol
icy .^compels Ithe • people *to pay : a* heavy
.toll^qnlthelr • dllly / bread ; it --\u25a0 Is X not
. strange Lthat there should be reluctance
to j increase ;thei number ;bf;raouths; to" be
fed;-^-New-York Evening Post.
JoVe ithaU Is wasted Is "that
whlchls paid:ouL ; • ;
STUDENT EDITOR
SCORES "EXES"
Dally Palo Alto of Stan
ford University Complains
of Methods of «the Faculty
Criticizes the Professors
Who Have Sole Eight to
Hand Out "Flinch" Cards
8p«elal Dt»p*tcl» to Tbe OIL- '
-STANFORD UNIVERSITT, Dec. 19. —
Th« system of' final "exes" at the Stan
ford University, which has long been
complained 'of .by the students of tha
"university, has again been severely at-;^
>lacfce« ,l)y the "Dally Palo Alto"
through Us editorial columns. The sec
tion of a itudent body paper In cen
suring any- procedure of tae scholar
ship committee or academic committee
la considered audacious, as the fata or
the editor of the college "dally" rests
In the hands of this group of profes
sors.*-
" The editor complains not, of tae Idea,
of giving final, examinations, but of the.
practice of continuing: the regular pro
gramme of studies at the same tlm»
and preventing . the student from de
votinar the requisite time to preparation
for the final teats. He .declares that
the practice,, which originated four or
five years ago. is steadily becoming
more stringent from year to year.
The editorial in part. ls as follows:
' ."It has always been generally under
stood that the reason the faculty have
continued classes during the period
when the last examinations of the
semester are given was that the writ
ten reviews that occurred at this time
were not final examinations covering
the whole semester's work. These ex
aminations were stated as covering:
only the work not included in the ex
aminations, given earlier in the semes
ter, and therefore the college work
should continue without interruption.
This was the argument against having
a special examination period during
which classes should be stopped. Con
ditions justified thia argument for a
time, but- during the last two years
there has been a growing tendency to (
give - final examinations, until at pres-J
ent it is no longer uncommon, many 1
students having three or fonr final ex
aminations.. It Is unreasonable to ex
pect a student to take these., final
examinations and at the same time at
tend classes up to the last day.
"If these final , examinations are to
be given, a student must also be given
time to prepare for them. The present
conditions demand the .cessation of
regular work during the examination
period.
"The former condition sof, affairs,
where the students were not given
final examinations and classes were
legitimately kept up to the last day.
worked no unnecessary hardship,* and
a return should be made to thl3 condi
tion of affairs." ••**
aaxrxc ju.v scores judge
FOR A RECENT DECISION
\u25a0*»•' W. Ramble Says Fake rromottri
Were Asaiated In Their Schemes
Through Aid of Court. '
G. "W. Rumble, secretary, treasurer
and general manager of the Sunset
Mining Company, has addressed a letter
to Superior Judge Graham In which he
criticizes a recent decision rendered by
the Judge.
Rumble alleges' Sanderson. ' Weil.
Davis and Smith, lawyers, with Jim
O'Connell, P. O. 5 Sleuth and L. E.
Aubury, State /Mineralogist, are unlaw
fully planning to get the company's
valuable mines. Ha also recites how
these _ men "broke Into the company,"
and calls them crusaders.
He says he paid the taxes of the com
pany's property and that the men he
accuses have done nothing inthe^tev
terest of the stockholders. He als-X
alleges they held a. fake election ana^
thereby got control, and that they are
seeking to obtain the remainder ' of the
property by suits in the courts.
Bride Victim of Air»r!i-»_
A young Canadian bride who la suf
fering from a slight nasal affection
was; after long treatment by her home
physician, advised to visit a specialist
in this city. At considerable pecuniary
expense, hot to apeak of the grief at
parting from "hu*) by" for an indefinite
time, the young . woman came here.
Owing to the change of climate, she
had to .wait ~ several days before the
eminent 'specialist would venture an
examination. It was a long and thor
ough, one. ,
-"My dear ."young '• lady." he said,
gravely, "There is .absolutely nothing
that I can do for you that could not be
done by a physician of ordinary ability
right tin " your own I city. It would be
sheer robbery . on my part to place you
under treatment here when it would be
so less 'expensive for you at home. The -
best advice I .can i give you Is— er —^well
'-—change your home physician who told
you to come here."
her way back to her temporary
home tha bride mild e but one stop In
her- hurried flight. It was In a tele
graph ofSce, where she sent word that
she -would start for home the next day.
v
-' '' : — '- J —_ — » \u2666 «
\u25a0 ' Lontlouderry or D«rrr«
"/A movement has been initiated in Ulster
at ' the instance of the Gaelic League for
changing, the name of the old city in the
north « of ' Ireland . from \u0084 Londonderry to
Derry. The London companies, which pos
sess : considerable estates in the district,
will, however, have something. to say/ to
the : proposal. The "Maiden - City." as it
was dubbed in 1659. when the Williamltes
held it against James 11. had its origin in
an oak : tree wood or forest called in the
Gaelic "dolre," or Derry. In the begin
ning of the seventeenth century a body
ot \u25a0 London colonlsU were sent to \ settle
in "the district, and in consideration of the
corporation > of * London j expending . £20,000
In the^establlshment'of .the "new planta
tion/In Ulster" they received from .the
crown } a /very/ liberal eharttr of J rights.
It > was then that we first ftnd k the place
called Londonderry.— Westminster ' • Ga
zeue.«HHBBaMaHBHHHnBi
, ; When^a man Is long on cowardice he is
sure to try to pass It off as conscience.
EATE OF POSTAGE
ON
THE CHEISTMAS CALL
Domestic ........ Cc
Foreign '."-.-. . . .*. . . .1 1 c
Domestic postage includes all
points in' the 7 United States,
Mexico,, Canada, * Hawaiian Isl-
ands, ' Philippine Islands^ PoTt*i
Rico arid;: Guam. \u0084 » "'
Mail this sumptuous paper to
your friends in the East andNEWS OF THE COUNTIES i^BOUT THE B£Y
LOOSE PLANK LIES
AS A DEATH TRAP
Thomas Bell Hurled Down Two Stories
in Oakland and Terribly Hurt
INJURIES ARE PROBABLY FATAL
OAKLAND, Deo. \Vr— With a cry ot
despair Thomas Bell, superintendent of
construction ot the Market Street
School, plunged to-day down two
stories ©r the building, now In course
of construction, and was terribly
hurt by* his xalL He received in
juries that It Is believed will cause his
death. He was In the employ of the
City Board of Education, overseeing
the construction of the new school
house, which is going up at the oorner
of Market and Twenty-ninth streets,
and stepped on the end of a plank
which was not nailed down and which
tilted up an 4 let htm slip into the
space beneath.
Workmen the cry of the man
as he fell to the ground and were
horror stricken as they saw him crash
to the floor below. They went to his
assistance as Quickly as possible and
found him «tlll alive, but in great
agony. The police ambulance was
summoned and he was removed to the
Receiving, Hospital, where he was ex
amined by pr. I* Li Rlggr. who found
that his left arm was broken, both
aWove and below the elbow, his upper
Jaw, left hip and two of his small ribs
fractured and his nose smashed, be
sides which he was suffering from In
ternal injuries.
Word was sent to the Bell home at
1818 Twenty-fourth avenue In East
Oakland and he was afterward re
moved to Pablola Hospital, where his
nephew, Dr. H. D. Bell, took charge of
him. He Is 61 years of age and has a
a family,
WOULD NOT STAXD
WOMAN'S BANTERING
French Baker Fires Shot to
Prove His Weapon Is
Trustworthy;
OAKLAND, Dec. 16.— Victor Dleudonne,
a baker of French bread, tried to prove
this cfternoon that he was also an ex
pert with firearms,, when a young woman
questioned the value of his shotgun.
He fired a 6hot through his window at
2vS Eleventh street and Monday he must
answer In the Police Court to a charge
of discharging firearms within the city
limits.
Among those who were in the house
at the time were Fred Mansell, Mrs.
Caix and her daughter. Miss Ethel Carr.
Dleudorne, it is alleged, was exhibiting
the weapon and proudly proclaiming its
good Qualities. The Women banterlngly
declared that the gun was worthless and
Dieudonne tired the shot to prove his
contentions. Before the smoke had clear
ed away Policeman Jchn Cox was upon
the scene and the Frenchman was soon
giving ball at the City Prison. ,
MUSIC IX GREEK THEATER.
BERKELEY, Dec. 16. — Mr. Charles
Dutton, the pianist, of Berkeley; Miss
Virginia Goodsel! of San Francisco, the
sofrano, and Mr. John Metcalf of Oak
land, the composer and pianist, •will
give the "Half Hrfur of Music" In the
Greek Theater at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Mr. Dutton will first play a
group of numbers for the pianoforte,
including a brilliant polonaise by Cho
pin, a flowing harp etude by Heller
and a very dignified and Impressive
postlude by Chopin. This will be fol
lowed by a group of songs by Miss
Goodsell, with an accompaniment by
Mr. Metcalf. Miss Goodsell will sing
Haydn's "My Mother bids me bind my
hair," the Sunshine Song by Grieg, and
"Sing, ye Birds:" by Mr. Metcalf him
self. The public \u25a0will be welcome. The
lower entrances will be closed at 4
o'clock. It is requested that late-oom
trs or those obliged to leave before
the end of the programme should use
the upper exits at the rear of the thea
ter. Visitors from San Francisco should
take the 3 o'clock 'ferry from the foot
of Market street. .
MITCHELL MAKES DENIAL.
OAKLAND. Dec, 16. — Chief of Police
Hodgklns received a letter te-day from
Major J. T. M. Hayhurst, a "Justice of
ihe Peace of Temuka. province of
South Canterbury. New Zealand, tem
porarily at San Francisco, stating that
in his opinion Attorney David Mitchell,
In custody here. Is no other than David
Mitchell Ross, once Mayor of Temuka,
who left that country under a cloud
after serving a term In a prison.
Mitchell refuses to discuss the matter,
but through his attorney. Hugh S. Al
drich, denies that he- was ever convict
ed of any offense.
WANTS PAY FOR PLANS.
OAKLAND, Dec. 16. — The question of
(625 for architect's fees for the draw
ing of plans that were never used was
partly threshed out to-day before
Judge W. H. Waste in an action
brought by A. Dodge Coplin against
Mrs. Kate F. Keys of 223 Atherton
street. Berkeley. The plans were for a
130,000 apartment-house and Mrs. Keys'
answer to the suit is that Coplin's pay
was conditional upon his getting the
money from the bank to build the house.
An application to the Oakland Bank of
Savings for the loan was denied.
RECTOR DECLINES CALL.
OAKLAND, Dec. 19. — The Rev. W.
Hodgklns, who was called to the rec
torship of the Church of the Advent,
has declined the call, owing to ill
health. The parish has chosen the fol
lowing vestrymen: W. S. Goodfellow, A.
L. White. Charles Henderson, Edward
Hough, Dr. A. K. Crawford, Dr. H. I.
Jones and Norman Ellis. 1 Charles Hen
derson has been chosen Junior warden;
A. L. White, treasurer, and Norman
Ellis, clerk of the vrstry.
READY FOR ANNUAL CONCERT.
OAKLAND, Dec. 16. — The deaf and
blind pupils of the California Institute
for ' the Deaf and Blind have com
j.leted arrangements for their an
nual sacred concert, which will be
given at the home in Berkeley to-mor
row afternoon at 2:SO o'clodk. The en
tertainment will be given under the di
rection of Otto Fleissner, director of
music, and Mlbs Bertha Butlar. vocal
instructor at the institution.
AVOID BAD POULTRY.
OAKLAND. Dec. 16. — The Board of
Health has issued a bulletin advising
purchasers of poultry, the sale of which
will be materially Increased during the
holiday season, to buy only fowls that
have been drawn and thus avoid poul
try in which decomposition has already,
set In. The bulletin quotes from one :
of the same character recently Issued
l.y the State Board of Health.
In a recent warm week in, Munich,
f 50,000 gallons of beer were consumed,
an average of two and one-half gallons
to every man,' woman and child in the
city.
SAYS HUNTED
MEDICO DIED
Authorities Get a Clew in
Case of Dr. Calvin Sharp,
a Fugitive From Justice
PAKLAND, Dec. 16.— The flight of Dr.
Calvin J. Sharp from this city several
years ago upon the bringing of an in
dictzaent against him by the Grand
Jury for causing the death of a young
woman named Anna 'Johnson was
called to the attention of the authori
ties to-day by a communication re
ceived from his brother, Fred G. Sharp,
and steps are to be taken to see if the
statements made are true or if possible
to find but the whereabouts of the for
gotten medico.
The letter reads:
"ROCKWELL, lowa, Dec. 11. 1905.
Clerk .of Courts, Oakland, Cal. — Dear
Sir: Will you please Inform me by re
turn mall if one Agnes Gray Sharp has
got a divorce from her husband, Calvin
J. Sharp, as I am a brother of C. J.
Sharp and have heard that his wife got
a divorce from him, and as my brother
is dead I am appointed administrator.
I must find out these things as soon as
possible. Please keep this inquiry to
yourself and oblige, yours truly,
"FRED G. SHARP.
"P. 8. — I am unable to say anything
about the time the divorce was granted,
if at all. It might have been any time
during the last four or five years. Hop-
Ing you will look this up for me and let
me know as ' soon as possible, I will
thank you in advance, F. G. S."
Sharp was indicted in this city with
John Howard in January, 1897, for per
forming the operation and Howard for
having been the cause of the girl's con
dition and having been implicated in
the employing of a physician. Sharp
fled and has never been heard of, while
Howard, with the girl and doctor gone,
stood trial and* was acquitted.
Shortly after the trial Howard mar
ried Hulda C. Johnson.- the sister of the
girl he was charged with having mur
dered. They left here and went to Tu
lare County, where he was convicted
of being implicated in the coyote scalp
frauds and sentenced to a term In San
Quentin. His wifejreturned to his city
and was granted a divorce from him
in 5903. The records fall to show that
the doctor's wife ever got a divorce
from him.
BOX OP CHINA WARE
STIRS CUSTOM OFFICERS
Secretary ot Treasury and Collector of
Port of Sew York. Asked to
Investigate.
Believing he was overcharged for the
Importation of a box of china dishes,
after which he had looked for a friend,
C. Wheeler Durham of this city has
for two days been warming things up"
for the customs authorities and for
Custom-house brokers. Reams of cor
respondence are already on file and Mr.
Durham has been Invited to step for
ward and become principal prosecutor
in an investigation.
The dishes arrived on May 3 on the
steamer Advance from Colon, and were
consigned to Miss Holmes, of No. 404
West One Hundred and Forty-fifth
street, in which house Mr. Durham
lives. Mr. Durham volunteered to see
the Importation through, evidently not
realizing the endless red tape attached
to government business. He thought
all he would have to do would be to
sign a paper and get the package. He
was wandering about in the red tape
entanglements In the Appraisers' stores
in Washington street, when he met an
amiable young man supposed to be an
official, who took him to the offlce of
Snow's United States Sample Express
Company, 671 Greenwich street, where
he made arrangements for the
company td act as his brokers. The
package was delivered on May 9, but
on learning that the charges were $5.50,
which was fifty cents more than the
valuation of the dishes, Mr. Durham de
clined to accept the package.
Heated correspondence ensued, and
last week the package was taken from
the express company after Miss Holman
had paid an additional seventy-five
cents for storage charges. i
Mr. Durham, first, however, had called
on the Collector of the Port to request
him to direct the express company to
remit the seventy-five cents. He also
had addressed a communication to the
Secretary of the Treasury, in which he
detailed all the circumstances. A copy,
of the complaint was sent to the Col
lector of the Port here, and Mr. Stran
ahan sent in reply the results of a spe- j
clal inquiry which he had made.
"As far as dissatisfaction with the
charges made for the service of brok
ers," said the Collector yesterday, "is
concerned. I can do nothing. I have no
jurisdiction. I have, however, requested
Mr. Durham to accompany a represen
tative of this offlce to the Appraisers'
stores and there to Identify the person
who recommended the express company
to him. It is against the rules for any
government employe to recommend any
broker or carrier. If I find any clerk
or official is guilty I shall discipline
him. We are waiting for Mr. Durham."
It was said in the, offlce of the ex-^
press company that the person who had
assisted Mr. Durham was not an em
ploye of the government, but a clerk of
the company. The china was appraised
at $5 and a duty of sixty per cent was
levied on it. The government fee of
fifty cents was paid, a entry
fee of $1.60 and an express charge of
fifty cents.
It 'was explained that, although the
brokers' fee was seldom, less than $3,
a less amount -is charged when the
value of the shipment is below $100.
The manager of the express company
said lie thought the service had been
performed for^ a" moderate amount con
sidering that the operations for getting
the package out of the stores: and to
the address :, in Harlem were just as
much involved , as ,if the value of the
dishes had been many times that sot
upon them in the, invoice.
The Collector declined' to take -any
action with regard to the broker's fees.
—New York Herald. iiSi ß
The youngest master of foxhounds in
the world Is Lord de Clifford, ; who is
18. and has been master of the Dalgan
pack f in County Gal way, Ireland, for
two year*
, ,-,*. :- v -.. \u25a0\u25a0.::./.'. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0".'..',.; .'V. ; .; ' \u25a0-.\u25a0-:\u25a0 ' .:."^:-" '\u25a0':.'.": -':-'.' : :'.,,-:--i. '>\u25a0••:'\u25a0- .:';\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0--:\u25a0 \u25a0'--. \u25a0.;\u25a0- \u25a0';\u25a0 \u25a0/, ;"-"\u25a0'-' -\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 -V-- •\u25a0:'->.'-.' V • \u25a0 •\u25a0•\u25a0'\u25a0•,
THE SXN FRANGISGO /GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17^1905.
WHISKERS MAKE
FUEL FOR FIRE
Girl Impersonating Santa
Claus at School Has Nar
. row Escape From Death
TAPER SETS HER ABLAZE
Merry-3laking Is Changed to
i Mourning Whea Shadow of
Death Hovers Over Hall
BERKELEY, Dec. 16.— Merrymaking by
the pupils of Miss Head's' fashionable
school for girls was very nearly changed
Into mourning last night. \u25a0 During a
Christinas entertainment at the school a
false beard worn by Miss Corlnne Walsh,
who wee impersonating Santa Claus,
caught fire, the flames threatening her
with death. / i
Miss Walsh Is a daughter of an Eng
lish capitalist residing, at Victoria, . in
British Columbia, She Is one of the most
popular, members of the exclusive coterie
of girls at Miss Head's school, and was
chosen by acclamation yesterday when
the selection of a leader to be the Santa
Claus at the evening's entertainment was
being made.
The girl pranced merrily through the
assembly-room while the gayety was at
its height waving a big staff, which sig
nified .her authority. Her head was cov
ered with a snow-white wig, and long,
luxuriant whiskers concealed the feminine
features of the young woman.
A blazing candle set fire* to Miss Walsh's
false beard as she pirouetted through the
room, her swinging form coming for just
a second within the range of the burning
wax taper. Instantly the ; flames shot
through her wig and on down to her flim
sy gown, completely enveloping her. The
schoolgirls shrieked, most of them stand
ing horror-stricken, while the frightened 1
young woman, who seemed likely to be
the victim of her own gay spirits, sped
through the room, herself so bewildered
that she had apparently no thought of
trying to extinguish the flames.
Miss Head grasped a rug and with the
assistance of a maid caught the • flying
girl, smothering the flames. Miss Walsh
was but partly conscious while being re
moved to her room. A physician was
summoned. It was found that her head
and shoulders . were severely burned,
nearly all of her hair '_ having been
scorched by the flames. She may carry
for many years the marks of her thrilling
experience of last night.
Mrs. 8. Evans of British Columbia, an
aunt of Mlsa Walsh, arrived several days
ago to chaperon her niece on a tour of
the world. The aunt will remain to as
sist at the burned girl's bedside. DrJ
George Relnhardt is attending Miss
Walsh. '
DISTINGUISHED
MEMBER OF BAR
PASSES AWAY
OAKLAND, Dec. 16.— Columbus Bart
lett, pioneer attorney, former Regent of
the University of California and distin
guished citizen, died to-night at 9:45
o'clock at his residence, 1223 St. Charles
street, after a week's Illness. He was
stricken with paralysis several days ago.
Columbus- Bartlett was born In Georgia
seventy-one years ago, and In early life
followed the profession •of a journalist,
which he gave up to read law. His legal
ability and business acumen carried him
to the fore as an attorney, and during
his long period of practice at the Califor
nia bar he represented numerous ! Im
portant Interests. *
SEPARATED SHORT TIME.
STOCKTON. Dec. 16.— J. C. Zlgnego,
a well-known vlneyardist and -wine
man, passed away this morning at his
home in West Lane, just north of
Stockton, at the age of 85 years.' , The
deceased was a pioneer resident of this
county and accumulated quite an estate.
Besides a son, J. C. Zignego Jr. of this
city, he leaves three daughters- — Mrs.
M. A. Devol and Mrs. Louise Mullln of
San Francisco and Mrs. Eugenia Mat
tessl of Stockton. He survived his wife
but a few months.
Death of m. Fleet Surgeon.
HONOLULU, Dec. 16.— Medical Inspec
tor David Oldham Lewis, fleet surgeon
of the United States Pacific squadron,
who arrived here on the cruiser Chicago,
died this morning of apoplexy. . He leaves
a family In San Francisco.
Judge Hani Dead.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 16.— E. D. Ham*
former Superior Judge of Napa County,
died here to-night after a long Illness.
SAN DIEGO lIEALTY
SELLS FOE $050,000
Half a Dozen Valuable Pieces
of Land Bring Big
•Sum
Gptclal Dispatch to Th» Call.
' BAN DIEGO. ' Dec. 16.— One of the
largest real estate deals ever consum
mated in San Diego was concluded to
day, when Colonel A. •G.vGassen pur
chased half a dozen; valuable parcels
of • property In. this city, : from U. S.
Grant. The sale Includes the * Bancroft
block, at Fifth and G streets," the Meth
odist Church block, at; Fourth and -D
streets,- the; southeast, corner ; of Sixth
and E streets, , the southwest corner of
Sixth and G streets, and the east half
of what has been" known as ; the ; H
street Park. The price paid by Colonel
Gassen for the combined properties 'ls
$650,000. In connection;. with; ;thls deal.
Grant this evening..' announced; that
work on ' the \u25a0 new jU. ; S. - Grant Hotel
will be started on \u25a0 the •_ first day of the
new year. The hotel \ is '. to ; be construct
ed of .' reinforced' concrete" at a \cost of
$460,000 and will! be nine; stories In
helght,^|^^|^^B^^^^^3BHH
LEWIS SHIPPED NORTH.'
OAKLAND, Dec. - V 1 6;— Frank < ? W.
Lewis, who -created "'excitement '; 'about
Stiles' grocery store. at iFrultvale about
a! week ago , by « keeping j. a •"; crowd of
people caged In the' storeby; threaten
ing" their lives, was^ taken ; . from Jl the
County Jail this morning by. Constable
Tom Carroll and- put on; board ',&% boat
for * Seattle. His \wif e : was -T given'- her
final, decree of divorce from;- him .yes
terday. \u0084 ..;; .. " : .\u25a0 V '.;.; ."\u25a0•>:,, -; \u25a0-:;. ;;
Highwaymen's-' Victim Die*.
PORTLAND,, Dec.f 15.^-ThomasFlem
mlngs,; the aged : sailor. \u25a0 who *, was": shot
by ';: highwaymen 'i in: the ? saloon > of ithe
Centennial Hotel in . North Portland
last > night, died :: this 'afternoon -of his
Injuries.; .No : ; trace ot * the murderers
has been found. -\u25a0' - - V' .»\u25a0
BABE'S CRIES
SCARE THIEF
Burglar Tries to Smother
Infant Who Fights for
Air and Arouses Family
PORCH-CLIMBER ESCAPES
Frightened by Wails of the
Little One After Securing
Watch" and Diamonds
OAKLAND, Dec. 16.— 1n an attempt to
prevent a babe's cries from arousing the
household he was robbing, a porch-climb
er last evening almost smothered the In
fant of Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Campbell at
their* home, 1410 Franklin street i The thief
thrust a heavy oloth over the babe's face,
but the little one fought for air and threw
off the cloth, and. lts cries brought Camp
bell and his father-in-law, ; Judge E. M.
Gibson, to the room. The thief made his
.escape/: ;. :.'.... "'_\u25a0'. ,. . .-' ]
It was 'while the family was eating din
ner, at about 6:20 o'clock, that the porch
climber entered through a rear window
of the second story. -Judge Gibson heard
a noise, but after looking through the
lower rooms his suspicions were allayed.
Then the baby's cries in an upper room
caused: the family to' rush upstairs. The
little one was found with a heavy cloth
partly over Its face. The thief, evidently
frightened by the cries, had\ fled after
ransacking only one room, . but he made
away with a gold watch, $2 25 In money
and three diamond rings valued '. at $140
which Mrs. Campbell had left In a bureau
drawer. His muddy footprints were found
on the lace curtain of the window through
which he had entered, and a box beneath
the rear porch showed how he had gained
the balcony.
PLAGUE DEATH ItOM.
OF VAST PROPORTIONS
Great . Britain Accused --of Taking
InadcQuute Measures In
India.
In 1903 the number of deaths from
plague in India was 853,000; In 1904 it
was over 1,000,000, being 1,040,000. Of
the 1,000,000 deaths more than 350,000
occurred in once province, and that
province was the Punjab, the one from
which some of our best Indian' soldiers
are recruited. Consider the possible
significance of a fact like this upon the
efficiency of our Indian army. The
Punjab Is not a largre province, its ac
tual population being about ; 20,000,000,
or. only two-thirds that of England, and
"yet the deaths In the Punjab during
.1904 from plagxie amounted to over
260,000 in the course of twelve weeks
only. *'". ..'\u25a0\u25a0'.'....
We believe that these figures, which
.have been published before, have never
been contradicted, though they seem in
credible. What would be thought, said
or done in England if in the course of
twelve weeks over 250,000 persons were*
swept off by the disease?" Surely
there would be something like*, a panic.
And if this destruction threatened. to be
an:annual, one would, not, any, inactivity
on the part of the authorities Mn whom
prevention Is vested \ be .deeply re
sented? "\u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0 .: _. i v '-•\u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.>/\u25a0," I
The English public has, of course, not
realized the position, and though we
are not playing the alarmist with' any
special- relish for the office, we; think
that the^pollcy- of concealment of the
absence of policy that has necessitated
concealment — has gone on long enough.
The small number of deaths from
plague in; Hongkong and the Mauritius
is regularly published ? every week in
the daily papers, and presumably the
information comes fronVofticial sources,
but the mortality which) occurs in India
from the same disease, and which by its
magnitude is a danger not only to
India, but to the world, is never pub
lished—it is not considered wholesome
reading.
The public is not aware from official
in formation of the terrible tragedy go
ing on in one part of the Empire — -in
that part 'which is always termed the
brightest jewel in the possession of
the crown, ..for whose welfare we are
nationally/ responsible, and for whose
possession: and maintenance some of
the noblest British blood has been shed.
We have comnwated in the ? Lancet
upon the inquiry undertaken jointly by
the Lister Institute of Preventive Medi
cine, the India office and the Royal So
ciety, the first fruit of which is to be
the dispatch . of two bacteriologists to
the East, and while allowing that the
idea of the inquiry Is a sound one we
have pointed, out that we do not think
the- measures to be undertaken really
meet the case. .Three and" a half mil
lions of people" have died \u25a0 from, the
plague in India since 1898, and the pro
posal to send out: two bacteriologists
to look into; the causes, of the'tragedy
strikes us as inadequate, however, capa
ble and distinguished* the 'gentlemen
connected with the joint inquiry ; may
be, -and] indeed are.— London Lancet.
Largest - Civilized j Nntlon.
The , Unittd States is by far the largest
of all the 'civilized nations except . Russia,
which ; has about 130,000,000 - Inhabitants.
The German empire has 56,000,000. Austria-
Hungary ,"47,000,000, '*': Japan > 47,000,000... the
United \ Kingdom 42:000,000," France; 38,000.
000, Italy \u25a0 32,000,000 and -Spain ; 18,000,000.
China '! has % 350,000,000, v butf she does *not
count in a calculation of this" sort. J Owing
to the rapid growth 'of the # United* States .:
the 'English language Is '! now.^ spoken ;by
more persons than use any ; other civilized
tongue/f Charles V said he spoke \u25a0; German
to his ° horse, French ; to men^ iltalian to
his lady friends, 1 and Spanish « to ; God. .In
,his : days, ; ; three and a ' half centuries ago;
Spain' was a land on ; which the sun never,
set, England was only, a small spot on the
map,' and '\u25a0. the ; English \ language held | only
a i minor place .in ?. the - civilized I tongues.
To : day; 130,000,000 -of people speak English.'
100,000,000 : speak ;, Ruipian (for riot all : : the
people of 1 the 7 empire talk the; national
tongue), v 75,000,000 '\u25a0\u0084 use .German, 70,000,000
employ Spanish, "including, the Inhabitants
ot the Latin-American \ countries; and^4o,
000,000 speakiFrench.;- V • ";-^ ;\u25a0* -,-. \u25a0\u25a0-—,<
i: Moreover, >the : lead : for English • Is rapid
ly 'lengthenlng.jNearly^two-thlrds of ; all
the people s who. speak \the • English '•\u25a0 tongue
'are ! in " v the United States.^-Leslle's Weekly.
RATE OF POSTAGE
THE CHRISTMAS CALL
Domestic . . . ... . .; 6c '
. -Foreign ......... .lie
• Domestic postage includes all
points in "\, the? United ; States,
/Mexico,: Canada;^ HawaiianUsl-;
/an*dB^; Philippine Islands,'- Porto
Rico arid I Guam;
'Mail this sumptuous j>aper to
your J friends in : a the .' East " and
; ; ;•'".. ' ; ' , ' < -
WILL TAKE PART
IN CONVENTION
Stanford Professors Are to
Attend Annual Meeting
of Teachers' Association
PLAN "CARDINAL DAY"
Campus and Buildings of the
University to Be Open to
•Visitors on the 28th Inst
Special Dispatch |to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 16.—
Stanford University will play a more
important part in the annual meet
ing of the Teachers' Association, which
is to be held at Berkeley on December
25, than it has heretofore. President
David Starr Jordan has been requested
by James Carr, the acting head of the
association, to appoint a committee for
the purpose of securing the attendance
of as many educators connected with
the Stanford University as Is possible.
Thursday, December 28, will be
"Stanford University day." On that
afternoon the buildings and grounds
of the Palo Alto University will- be
open to the visitors in spite of the fact
that the day will fall in the midwinter
recess. A special excursion train from
Sar Francisco" to Palo Alto has-been
arranged. The. library, museum and
Memorial Chapel will*, be open from 1
to ,6 o'clock. In the chapel a special
programme, arranged by Dr. Blodgett,
the university organist, will be ren
dered. >*
The Introductory address at the con
vention will be made by President Ben
jamin Ide • Wheeler of California Uni
versity. His topic will be "Relation
o»* the Parts to the Whole in California
Education." .The other speakers who
will tako part . In the convention are:
Superintendent L. D. Harvey of Wis
consin, editor of the Journal of Educa
tion; Dr. A. C. True, director of ex
perimental stations, United States De
partment .. of Agriculture, Washington,
IXC.; Luther Burbank, the eminent
Santa Rosa horticulturist; W. H. Max
well, of New York and Dr. Frank Mc-
Murry of the Columbia University.
NEW WORLD'S HIGHWAY
ACROSS MEXICAN ISTHMUS
Transcontinental Route Between Te-
huantepec nml I Coatzacoalcos Be-
lns Built.
United States Consul Moe, at Dublin,
Ireland, reports to the State Department
that considerable interest has been
aroused in the ddevelopmentt t of the trans
continental route between Tehuantepec
and Coatzacoalcos in 'Mexico by British
capital and enterprise.. The British pub
lic considers this .prospective new route
as- an additional outlet for their Pacific
trade, and" are' pleased J to. think; that, it
willbe something of a* rival to the more
southerly canal at Panama. The press
discussions have been numerous, but It is
only recently that j the subject has come
under notice In Ireland.
; "Tne new. world's highway," as the'Te
huantepec route is termed, is a /all way
liX) miles long, and is to" be reconstructed
by a British company under, a partnership
arrangement with the Mexican Govern
ment. It crosses the Isthmus of Tehuan
tepec from Salina Cruz, on the Pacific,
to Coatzacoalcos, on the Atlantic. When
reconstructed It is said there will be no
better railway in the world. There has
been expended already $9,733,000 on the
road itself and $29,199,000 Is being devoted
to the ports, which will be perfectly
equipped. ; The railway company has come
to an"*agreement with a steamship com
pany by which the train service will be
fed by eleven boats, averaging 10,000 tons.
The vessels .will sail, of course, in both
the Atlantic and the Pacific.
"This is going to be one of the greatest
routes of. the world," said Sir Weetman
Pearson, in a ; recent interview, "and it
will divert traffic that now goes round
Cape Horn and by the Suez canal. It will
compete, too, with the American trans
continental railways, for we shall be able
to convey goods from the PacuiC "to the
Atlantic coast of the United States in
twenty days," which "Is less time than .is
occupied by the express freight trains of
some of the railways." The Panama ca
nal will not, he thinks, injure. this big en
terprise. | Tffe railway, with all Its ap
purtenances, is 1200 miles north of Pana
ma and SOO miles south of New Orleans.
"Here, then," he says, "Is the natural
highway to -the Atlantic."
SMOKING ON THE STAGE
STOPPED BY ORDER
Mexican Authorities Arrest ; Actors and
Actresses/ Who Are Compelled .
to; Pay Fines. •
The law against smoking in theaters
is being strictly applied . and ithere is
no respect of persons in the matter.
On Tuesday night almost . the entire
personnel of the actor folks of .the
Renacimlento Theater -were marched
off; to the comisairia.
:?;' The -play; for the'evenlng .was "Zaza."
In -.'the; first "apt- Zaza,' who. is a play
actress -seen 1 behind- the • scenes,' is in
structed'in "the book to: light aclgar^
ette and to smoke as If ; she was" used
to it and enjoyed It? The other actors,
taking their cue from the leading lady,
also,' light;" up, and a halo; of smoke
rises over- them. \ : .
Heretofore they have carried out the
stage directions in this -'regard to the
letter.; ."When." the Governor .' of; 'the
Federal I district, : Guillermo de : Landa y
Escandon, .; recently ordered i, the / strict
enforcement ; of ithe 4law ; against smok
ing ln- ; theaters,' even - by : the actors on
the stage,'. Senor {Cardona,- the manager
of h the company, '• feared that the stag
ing' of "Zaza" would be hurt .to some
extent.-' ''\u25a0\u25a0.•, •: .
'He' states that ho therefore applied
for "ay special /permission In. this 'case,
promising;. that- '"all : : due ' precautions
would .be " taken, and understood \u25a0, that
the; written' permission was .to be 'sent
hlm.-A _;\u25a0//' './'\u25a0':\u25a0'; '-.'_.'' .•".'•' ':,"•..\u25a0.\u25a0'-, -\u25a0/--\u25a0
As soon as the .whole;party,had be- :
gun , to ' smoke .on the] stage on ..Tuesday
night ;: the ? police-officer : who was on
guard iwent;behlhd : ;tbe< scenes;and an
nounced that at -the -end of the play V he
woiild take'them all .to.the comisarla.'
-When ; the hour*, came, ..however, an
exception, "was ; made for "Senora "•'•-\u25a0 Vir
ginia^ Fabregas herself on one of the
others ; promising to v pay. her '.fine.
Senores \ Cardona, Hard, - Cal vo, Solares?
\u25a0PardaveM-.^ Sanchez, :.%Carillo. '•' Junquera
and ; Cervantes w*ere : all-; brought; .to (the
Third ; Precinct, police j station and i were
let"; go Jonlyf when /each '\u25a0-? had ; paid his
fine.— Mexican: Herald:
"Does v the i baby talk ; yet?" ; asked a
friend fof (the famllyl'j^jffiigSffiP "V"
" "No," replied ; the babyjs disgusted little
brother ;» "the jbaby, doesn't need \u25a0to talk.'.'
"Doesn't need to talk?"/ ; _;
'.'No. All ithe? baby j has iojdois to yell,
and Ti it 'gets^ everything^ 'there -is -in the
house : worth . having."— Tit-Bits.
CLUB ARRANGES
ITS ITINERARY
Student Minstrels of Stan
ford Will Spend Entire
: Vacation Touring State
MANY TOWNS ON LIST
Vocalists and Instrumental
ists Will Make First Ap
pearance in Garden City
Krcclal Dispatch to Tba Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, D«c. 13.—
The itinerary of the Glee and Mandolin
Clubs of the Stanford University has been
completed. The college minstrels will
leave the campus at the close of the pres
ent semester, next Friday evening. The
first stoo Is to be at San Jose. Here the
twenty-five young men will sing before
an audience which will contain j many
fellow classmates. This probably will be
the only opportunity, the students of the
university will have of hearing their own
glee club. The entire vacation- will be
consumed by the tour, the clubs returning
January 9. the day preceding registra
tion. The itinerary Is as follows:
Friday, December 22— Leave Palo Alto
6:38 p. m.: arrive in -San Jose 7:05 p. m.
Saturday, December 23— Leave San Jose
10:30 a. m.: arrive in Santa Cruz 12:20
p. m.
Monday, December 25 — Leave Santa
Cruz 11:13 a. m.: arrive in .Pajaro 12:10 p.
m.; leave Pajaro 12:55 p. m.; arrive in
Salinas 1:53 p. m.
Tuesday, December 26— Leave Salinas
2 p. in.; arrive In San Luis Obispo 6:15
p. m. •
Wednesday, December 27— Leave San
Luis Obispo 2:50 a. m.;- arrive at Santa
Barbara 7 a. m.
. Thursday,- December 28— Leave Santa
Barbara 7:20 a. m.: arrive Ventura 8:30
a, m.
Friday, - December 29— Leave Ventura
8:80 a. m.: arrive in Los Angeles 12:01.
Saturday, December 30— Pasadena.
Monday, January I— Leave Los Angeles
2 p. m.; arrive In Santa Ana 3:09 p. m.
i Tuesday, , January 3— Leave Santa Ana
9:53 a. m.; arrive In San Diego 12:43 p. m.
Wednesday, January B— Leave San Die
go 8:35 a. m.; arrive in Riverside 1:10
p. m.
Thursday, January! 4— Leave Riverside
10:07 a. m.; arrive in Colton 10:25 a. m.;
leave Colton 10:32 a. m.; arrive in Red
lands' 10:56 a, m.
Friday, January s— Leave Red lands 1:55
p. m.; arrive in Colton 2:13 p. m.: leave
Colton 2:45 p. m.; arrive in San Bernar
dino 2:57 p. m.
Saturday, January. 6— Leave San Bernar
dino 1:55 p. m.; arrive in Colton 2:05 p.
m.; leave Colton 2:17 p. m.; arrive in Po
mona 3:22 p.*m.
Sunday, January 7— Leave Pomona 8:36
a. m.; arrive in Los Angeles 9:45 a. m.;
leave Los Angeles 11:30 p. m.
j Monday! January B— Arrive in, Bakers
field 7:40 a. m. : ; ;: •;
Tuesday. January 9— Leave Bakersfleld
7:30 a. m.; arrive in San Frzudsco same
evening.
CHINESE QUARTER IN TOWN OF
WILLOWS PARTLY DESTROYED
Fire Sweeps Over Part of the
District Occupied by Celes
tials.
WILLOWS, Dec. 16. — The greater
part of Willows' Chinatown was
burned last night, also a large barn
belonging 'to"- the racing club. The
Willows warehouse caught fire, but
was saved. ; The buildings destroyed
were of little value.
MEMORIAL CHAPEL SERVICE.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 16. —
Dr. Sattlhainadhan, the eminent scholar
of India, will occupy the. pulpit of the
Memorial Chapel of the Stanford Uni
versity to-morrow morning at the reg
ular 11 o'clock worship. The follow
ing musical numbers will be rendered:
Organ prelude: hymns; selection for
chanting, "Venlte Exultemus" (Boyce);
hymn by, choir/ "To GoJ on High"
(Mendelssohn); anthem, "How Lovely
Are the « Messengers" (Mendelssohn);
organ cadence.
The customary vesper service will not
be held, but; in Its place the last of the
series of oratorios will be held. The
music will be a selection from Handel's
"Messiah."
MAILABLE SOUVENIR
POSTAL CARDS
Popular Misapprehension That Makea
Many of Them Unavall
\u25a0blgJMH—Mi
A law was enacted by. Congress a few
years ago, which provided that cards of
the same size and weight as the ordinary
postal cards might be sent through the
malls as ordinary, postal cards provided a
1-cen t stamp was affixed.
Many of the printed cards sold as sou
venir postal cards meet these require
ments and can be written upon and sent
through the mails with a 1-cent stamp
affixed. The . trouble , Is, however, that
not "all, or Indeed most, of the souvenir
postal cards do meet the Government're
quirement. Many of them are much big
ger than the ordinary cards and they are
made of -leather and wood and almost
everything 'else. \
: All of these cards are mailable as mer
chandise at ; the rate of 1 : cent ' an ounce,
buti-lf 'anything is ; ; written upon them
they require . letter postage, which is 2
cents an ounce. V The leather cards, which
are so popular this season, are of about
the same sizeas -the 'ordinary cards and
.would be mailable 'if not -written upon if
it were not for I the fact that they ; are
much thicker than the ordinary postal
cards. This bars them from the mails ex
cept as merchandise, and if written upon
letter postage must be paid.
The wooden souvenirs are : generally
much larger and heavlv than ordinary
postal cards and : genei«ny -; w<l?h . more
than an ounce. Upon these* if there is
any writing, 4 cents in stamps must be
affixed.; 1 ' ..," '-\u25a0' **:; ; '^"^ : ". \u25a0-. . -
These i few facts cover the Government
regulations, and ' If ; everybody, was famil
iar ; with \u25a0 them . and obeyed : them they
would save , much trouble * and more sou
venirs \ would "reach ; their, destination. But
the trouble is -* that to ; many . people all
souvenirs .'look alike" : and they • affix I
cent stamps \u25a0to 'big : and j. little, i write their
messages \u25a0: on . the :• back ': and > dump \u25a0\u25a0 them
into the letter boxes. The great majority
of ' them V. do { not reach v their : destinations
and .then ' there is sorrow and disappoint
ment.—Portland (Me.) Press.
He Forgot Something.
•\u0084.. Johnny .;.';'.' was ;a good boy, -but he
loved itOr fight. : He had been reproved
over ? and -. over.: again, 'and j at _ : last \u25a0: he
had i promised *; to; battle - no ; more. That
very ; eveningl hW, returned * from school
iwith' a cut cheek and swollen nose- - 1 ; •
"Johnny." said" his mother, V'ypn
promised " me . this \ morning ; that _}'- you
would not flghtagaln." ' .
' •:" "But? I "haven't: been . fighting; ma;
.This is an accident." ' -' .
:' ''An; accident?": -v - ;
'-"Tei?. mn. I was sitting on Tommy
Biggs ! and - I - forgot \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 to' hold his f eet."— '
DEVLIN READY
TO PROSECUTE
Will Not Allow Former Posi
tion as lawyer for South
ern Pacific to Be Hindrance
AWAITS INSTRUCTIONS
District Attorney Declares
He Will Do His Duty in
Any Case Against Roads
Special Dispatch to T&a CaU.
FOLSOM, Dec. 16.— "1 will not hesitate
a moment In prosecuting any railroad in
my district which has been guilty of giv
ing rebates contrary to law," said United
States District Attorney Robert Devlin
when discussing the recent order Issued
by the Attorney General and addressed to
all United States District Attorneys. "I
have not yet received my letter of In
struction and do not expect It until the
middle of this week. Until It reaches me
I cannot tell Just what I will do. The
Grand Jury, however, begins Its work on
Monday, and we will be glad to get any
evidence which will show that a rebate
has been given by any railroads of our
district. If I can get hold of such Infor
mation I will begin immediate prosecu
tions." . .
It may be that in the letter of Instruc
tions from the Attorney General evidence
of a sensational nature against the rail
roads operating In California may be in
closed. Last June James A. Garfield of
the Department of Commerce and Labor
called upon District Attorney Devlin and
told him that If during the following six
months certain men called on him
he was to give them every assistance
that he could. Garfield told Devlin that
these men would be in the employ of. the
Government, hired for the purpose of
gathering evidence. Devlin promised to
give all the assistance In hi 3 power.
Months passed and the men did not call
at the offlce of District Attorney Devlin.
He Is in a quandary. He does not know
whether they have been working along
secret lines, and did not communicate
with him for this reason, or whether they
decided not to make an investigation.
"I do not know what this letter from
the Attorney General will contain." h<*
said last night. "Strong evidence against
the railroads may be inclosed. I cannot
tell. On Monday I will know Just what
has been done and what steps I will
take."
One difficulty which falls to District At
itorney Devlin in the prosecution of. the
railroads Is the fact that the head men
of the Southern Pacific and Santa Fe do
not live in his district, but In Eastern
cities. It may be that he -will be sent out
to gather • evidence to furnish to certain
District Attorneys m the East.
"I have received no information," Dis
trict Attorney Devlin said, "of rebates
having been given by any railroads In
this district. I have no reason to believe
that any have been given, for this reason,
and so I believe that none have been
given. Rebates are. of course, a hard
matter to Investigate and some may ex
ist without my knowledge. Once Infor
mation of rebates comes to my offlce.
however, we will not rest until we have
seen the prosecutions through."
Devlin was questioned about the rebates
alleged to have been given to the fruit
company in which Lieutenant Governor
Anderson Is a heavy stockholder. Devlin
said that he knew nothing of the affair
more than that he had heard that re
bates had been given by the refrigerator
company which owns the cars in which
the fruit 13 shipped.
"I cannot tell until I get my Instruc
tions from Washington." said Devlin,
"whether or not refrigerator car com
panies can give rebates and yet be with
in the law. I do not- know whether this
law that applies to the railroad compa
nies holds when brought against a refrig
erator company. If I find that It does I
will Investigate any evidence that-can be
obtained against . Lieutenant Governor
Anderson's or any other company which
received rebates from a refrigerator car
company."
Devlin declared In positive words that
his long connection with the Southern
Pacific Company as Its attorney would
have.no Influence on him should evidence
against the railroad be brought to him.
"I am not working for the Southern Pa
cific. I am the United States District At
torney," he said, "and a» such I will
prosecute any Infringement of the law
by any company. I think that the peo
ple know-. this by this time. If evidence
comes to me or I can discover any wrong
doing I will not hesitate a moment about
commencing prosecution."
CITY TRUSTEE OK PETALCMA
CHARGED WITH LAW BREAKING
With ?ever«l Other* la .A censed of
Operating Slot Machines In. Place
of Business.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 19. — Frank A.
Ward. William Ditman. E. A. Hausler,
J. Lopez. • C." C. Williams, R. Holla and
Edward Garginer of Petaluma ap
peared before Judge A teh I son here to
day to plead on the charge of conduct
ing banking 'games 'by running slot
machines In their places of business.
Demurrers were presented and over
ruled after which the case of E. A.
Hausler was set for trial for January
S, and the others were continued to
that date to be set. Hansler is a mem
ber" of the Board of City Trustees of
Petaluma.
ACCUSED OF FORGING ORDER
FOR PASSAGE ON RAILROADS
Officer* of Santa Rosa Looking For
.Man Wanted On Two Serious
. Charsea.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 1«. — The officer*
are looking for H. B. Sutton. who 1*
wanted on charges of embezzlement
and defrauding' an Innkeeper. It la
charged that he collected $78 cash hero
and. in Petaluma for the Trades Union
Herald, conducted by J. G. Lawlor. and
forged. an order for $115 worth of
transportation over the Union Pacific
and Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul
Railroads.
3IOBE Vl'B.V RIVER KAND SOLD
TO DREDGE MINING COMPANY
Fifty Thon«nd Dollar* Ii Paid For
Qnarter Set-lion A lonic Bnnks of
Northern Stream.
MARYSVILLK. Dec. * 16. — A $50,000
real "estate deal ; was closed by
which the Marysville Gold * Dredging
Company acquired \u25a0 from James O'Brien
a auaxter section of ' Yuba River land
• for '\u25a0\u25a0 dredge mining. Dredgers 'will be
built next- year to develop "the prop
erty. The : dredge mining field on \th«*
; : Yuba River Is being ' gradually • ex
tended over a large territory which 13
known to carry more or less gold. *
: 'Swimming is* part of the curriculum
of the public schools of Yarmouth, Eng
land. -The" boys are taken to the shore
In parties and are trained till tinjro*n
swim fifty yards in the sea> .
7576
JOHN' I>. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Aucress Communications to
JOHN McXAUGirr, Manager
\V. J. MAKTIX Business Manager
~ TELEPHONE.
At* for The Call. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department Tou tUsh.
Publication Office Market ftnd Third, S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Steveaeon st.
f«!lvered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week, 73
at. Ter Month. Sinjls Copies 6 Cts.
Terms by Mail. Including Pos'-age (Cash Wltn
Order): -n
PAIL? CALL (includ. Sundays). 1 year. .$B.OO
J'AILV CALL tlncluu. Sunday). « mos... 4 ; W ,
DAILY CALL— By «lngle Month «» c
fcINHAY CALK 1 Year *•£"
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year V.
f Daily ...$8 80 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS AXE AUTHORIZED TO
KEC-IVC SUBSCRIPTIONS.
f_r.ple copies will be rorwarded when re-
quested. I
Mall *ur.*crlber» in orcertng change of afl-
«re»s «houid be particular to give both r«i.w
AND OLO ADDRESS in order to insure a
r.rcn;i>t and correct compliance with their re-
«.uest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
ICXG Droa£«ay Telephone Main 10S3
ALAUEDA OFFICE:
1455 Tark Street. Near Sama Clara Avenue.
Tbcr.e Alameda 859.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
X!«S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
U. E. CHANE 1406 G Street N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS 6TANDS:
Valfiorf-AstOTia Hotel; A, Brentano. 31
felon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
—.otel and Hofiuan liouse.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
l*otel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building
(Long Pittance Telephone. "Central JGI9.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTEPUEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAIiLTON Herald Square
EL'SINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
U o'clock every night In the. year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOS Market street orpoelte Fifth; ©pen until
11 p. m.
£06 Montgomery aye.; open until 0 p. m.
COO Hayes street; oi*>n until 8:30 p. m.
C 39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. t_
CIS Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
2941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
1086 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church e_d Duncan etreeta;
<;«:. until y p. 1:1.
£200 Filimore 6treet; open until 9 p. m.
cSJ4 J etrt-et, near Ocean boulevard; open un-
til v p. m.
KEAL CSTATI^ITY.-FOB SALE.
tI'DCK _ CO.. 209 Montgomery 6t
Telephone Private Exchange 65.
$110,000 — Magnificent holding on Sd St.; ft cor-
ner with 175 feet 6treet frontage; nomi-
nal Improvements; a judicious expendi-
ture could make this one of the best
paying income properties in the city.
$100,000— Superb Investment property; large
corner with S frontares; Post at, east
of Jones; finely improved and good in-
come; under lease; stores and hotel.
$&o.ooo— Leavenworth st.. near Eddy: 85-foot
lot; well improved and double front-
age; renta $?mjO month; stores and lodg-
ing-house.
$r,2,ti00— 73 feet on Stevenson St.. with two
frontages and L; 24x54 feet: frame
improvements; rented for $210 60 mo.
$*C.ooo— Excellent sit* fcr a wholesale busi-
ness; 100 feet frontage on Folsom st,
near Sd; nominal rents $125 month.
$25,000— Splendid 27:6 foot corner on Union
st; close in: fine Improvements, stores
and Cats; rents $2200.
$20.500 — Exceptionally fine buy in large ln-
ocme payinc flats in choice location;
Wostern Addition; 42 feet lot and all
rented for $23*0 year.
$20,000 — Clay St.. near water front: 25 foot
lot with Improvements; running through
to rear street.
$17,600 — Bargain on Ellis st., near Larkin: 27
foot lot with two frontages; Improved
with 14-room house in front and small
fiats In rear: present rents low by rea-
son of existing lease expiring In May
next, when property will yield $123
month; owner about to leave city;
might entertain offer.
$IC.OOO — Fine large corner; l_th st. on line
Oc«an Shore Electric R. R.; over 6000
cqusre feet.
$!4.0C0 — Splendid buy on Brannan st, near
3d; 44 feet, with two frontages.
$9,600— Bryant St.. near Cth; 8-atory building,
21 foot lot; rented fcr about $700; worth
more.
$7.500— Tw0 very desirable Cats •fine neigh-
borhood: Baker st near Washington;
lot 25 feet; rer.t $650.
RESIDENCES.
$14.500— California st.. near Laguna; 12
rooms and bath; Eplfndld condition;
thoroughly modern ; lot 27:6x_)7:6 feet.
$S,ooo— Fine 9-rcom bom* on Flllmore st:
Pacific Heights District; pretty; new;
never occupied; 23 foot lot.
If lookiror for a residence, call on us. We
fcave the larpest aad chol«*t list In the city.
SPECK _ CO..
209 Montgomery st
COL GETZ - SON. REAL ESTATE OWNERS.
UEADOXARTERS FOR PARK AND OCEAN-
EID- LOTS I
Profit by our Judicious purchase*.
We «elect our* properties In beet location!.
All Make Monty that buy from us.
$&0 to $l£&0 — Graded lots In Oceanalds ready
to build ca; near Park, Ocean and cars; unob-
structed view cf Ocean and park. Easy' terms.
$_S0 to IlCoo— Lots along Ocean Shore R. R.
Route; also fronting Ocean Boulevard; buy
from owners; best values; casien terms!
$500 t» $SoO— Richmond Height lots: cholc-
e*t home sttea ever offered at lowest prices,
fuperb view ot Park. Ocean and Spreckels
l_ke from every lot. Choicest locations. Cor-
r t Point Lobos and S4th ayes. Lots in gradod
block cax-ot be beaten.
See Them To-day.
Oeeasal6> Branch Office, Corner "H" Bt a_d
47th Aye.
Opea Daily and Sundays.
$160 to $400— Excelsior Homestead and Ocean
View lota, enly $3 monthly.
$ISOO to $3500 — Modern cottages; cplesdid lo-
cations in Sunset. Richmond. Ocesnsids and
__ce!elor Hcmertrad.
_— *y Terms.
SOL GETZ - BON. OWNERS _ D-ALERS
Room t_ Fourth Flocr. Chronicle Bldg.
CRAM _ FISHER.
REAL ESTATE,
411 MONTGOMERY ST.. t
,_. __ Saa Francisco.
$5700— Fronttrs; Ocean boulevard. 60x120; half
cash, balance easy payments.
$iso(V— 27:CxllO: NW. corner Union and Baker
\u0084—«*^.: Zl*?Z 1 *?* 1 wcrk done- lot on grade.
$1630— Graded corner. 6trxlK>; Ninth aye. and
N et South; street work done; (rood cor-
ner to Improve; very easy term*
$12S0— 2SxlO0; on California et.. near Eight-
eenth ftve. Richmond.
•1100— For 73x120: Tr.!rty-e*cood aye., south
of J at; south of the park.
$750— 0n Mission st: 23xU:6; near Brail]
are.; ears pa*»; good for email etore and
flat: street work done.
$7io each— Lota ready to bu'Jd on; grand
view; street car half block; water gas
rleetricity; «tre*t graded and sewered-
I>urar.us at., half block south of 17th. '
$65»—C3xi:0: block 1150. south of park, front-
ing 47th aye.: Ocean Shore road to pass
$00— S5xl£0; Dear Ocean boulevard; front-
ing west; key lot; xrand view.
$230— Anderson st. near —urenla aye. Bar-
eft! Heights; sear echoolhouse; tewtr ia
street
Branch office Ocean boulevard, corner of
p at. Little red building: opea Sundays aad
holidays only.
CRAM & FISHER.
411 MONTGOMERY ST. '
OCEAN BOULEVARD SNAP— Fine ecraer on
the Ocean boulevard, dose to the Park;
£7:6x120: price has b«e_ reduced to effect ft
cclck aale. Call at oar branch otfloa, H at.
and rcrtr-»«T«Et_ are. R. ftATtg-y-R _ CO..
M 0 »___* at.
-! REAI. ESTATE-^lTjr--ofjOn_J[AjU^
( an! UMBSDN & CO.. 20 Montgomery at
1 Heal Estate AeenU and Auctioneers.
J>47.500— Ronta $2400 per annum; bp endld *th-
st. holdlne. improved with well arranged
and substantial bulldtn* containing
Korea and flats, the rents of which
could be readily increased; lot Oox<B,
property in thin vicinity is coming to
the front very rapidly; only % block
trom the new Postofflce. .
$42,500— Pays 9 per cent net on equity of $20»-
000- a splendid investment of 7th-st.
property; larce lot. 85x100; bulldlne; up
to date and well arranged; owing to
Its proximity to the railroads ita future
i la well established.
$20 000 — Prominent corner on Powell at, with
large lot, 69 feet front; old Improve-
- . menta renting for $100 per month;
1 splendid site to Improve with apart-
house or store and flata. etc.
$20,000— Contractors, take notice; reduced
from $26,000; a splendid corner on
Halght st. for flats or apartment-house;
lot 60x120; offer wanted.
_____
I $18,000— Rents $2208 per annum; ISth st; 12
1 substantial modern flats of 6-4 rooms
i and bath each; -lot 75x100; must be sold
; to close an estate; an unusual oppor-
I tunlty.
$15,000— Unusual reduction on account of
owner being obliged to leave the city;
handsome residence of 10 rooms Shd 2
baths: finished attic and basement;
beamed ceiling, commanding a grand,
unobstructed marina view; north side
of Jackson et. near Presidio aye.; lot
"'./ 27:6x137:6.
$11,600 — Business corner on Pacific st: inside
of Van Ness aye.; Improvements con-
sisting of a good building, containing
storo and flat; rented on lease of $i5O
per annum; will be Increased materially
at expiration of same.
$7,6oo— Reduced from ?SOOO on account of
owner being an absentee; ft substantial
and well built residence on the north
side of Pine 6t., near Buchanan; build-
ing alone cost $7000; containing J) room*
and bath; formerly rented for $60 per
month; lot 25x137:6; the Interior should
• be inspected to be appreciated.
$7 600— Terms J 4 cash, balance 6 per cent; 2
well built flats of 6-7 rooms and bath
each; close to Devlsadero and Clay sts.;
unexcelled neighborhood for renting;
cheapest buy in that section; present
rents $060 per annum, with little out-i
lay could readily be increased; lot 25x
110. "
$s,ooo— Near Devlsadero and O"Farrell ats.:
cottage of 5 rooms and bath; also s-
room rear house; rents $456 per annum;
lot 25x90; this proposition affords not
only a cozy home, but a nice Income.
|4,900 Rents $076 per annum; 4 choice south
of Market Ft. flats in A No. 1 condi-
tion; n«ar Fifth and Folsom sts.; mort-
pace $22T>0 at 6 per cent can remain;
pays over 14 per ctnt on equity of
$2C50.
j4,C50 Rents $372 per annum; 2 flats of 5-4
rooms each In cood condition on the
north side of Tehama Bt, with a back-
ing to Howard, inside of Sixth st.; with
tmall expense could be turned into 4
flats, which would yield an Income to
warrant the Improvement; lot 25x75.
$2 000 Rents $210 per annum; 2 flats of 4-3
rooms- lot 25x60. backing 1 to Eighth
Bt and near Bryant; with little expense
flats could be raised and made into
a good 4-fla't proposition, which would
yield an income sufficient to warrant
the Improvement; this location is rap-
Idly Increasing In value.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for Eale in all parts of the city, in-
quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO..
20 Montgomery Bt
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 20 Montgomery st
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
of Investment reeldence and unimproved prop-
erty will be held at our —Uesroom, 20 Mont-
gomery st.. Tuesday. Dec. li). 1903.
ARTHUR OLEARY'S ESTATE.
Subject to Confirmation by Superior Court
_~1-S3-35 21th et; fouth line, near Mission
and Valencia: lmpt». consist of 2 houses and
cottage; large lot, 67:6x104.
J. J. MEHEGAN ESTATE,
Subject to Confirmation by Superior Court
19V4 Harrison aye., oft Folsom, bet. <th and
Bth 6ta.; impts. consist of four 3-room tene-
ments; renta $3S per month; lot 25x75.
McALLISTEU-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
McAllister and Scott sts.; southwest corner;
We will offer this choice corner in subdivisions.
HAIGHT-ST. RESIDENCE.
115S Haltht et; north line, between Baker
and Lyon sts.; well constructed and substan-
tial dwelling cf 8 rooms and bath; lot 28:4 x
137:6; this de*lrsble holding fronts Buena
Vista Park and commands a view of Golden
Gate Park from the rear.
VALLEJO-ST. INVESTMENT.
1105-% Vallejo «., near Jonea; lmpta. con-
«lrt of 2 Cata ot 5 rooms and bath each; rents
$34 per month.
MARKET-ST. BUILDING LOT. j
Market st., north line, near Noe; desirable
building let 25x115.
CHOICE BOULEVARD HOLDING.
14th aye.. west line, near Point Lobos: a
choice holding, 250x15y; irreg.. will be offered
as a whole. Improvements on portion of this
property consist of a dwelling, renting for $25
per month; this property fronts the boulevard
connecting the park with the Presidio.
CHOICE PARK LOTS.
"H" st. bet. 41st and 42d ayes., 4 desirable
lots level and ready for building; nicely ele-
vated ' and commanding a itood view of the
beach and ocean. Spring Valley water piped
to the property.
For catalogue and further particulara apply
to our offlce.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 20 Montgomery st
BOARDMAN BROTHERS _ CO..
133 MONTGOMERY ST.
MEMBERS S. F. REAL ESTATE BOARD.
$100.000 — California-fit, business property; good
brick building; one tenant; pays over 4
. per cent net; the rent is low. Thla is a
great opportunity tor either- Speculator
or Inventor. \u2666» .-
s62,6oo— Fourth-st. corner; close in; good sab-
ttantlal improvements paying $2soo a
year: it will net be long before such de-
sirable cornets on Fourth st will be
unobtainable at any auch price.
$50,000— Choice downtown corner with good
Improvements; tn fast growing neigh-
borhood; stores and lodgings; pays $2460
a year and some of the renta are very
low. , - , '
$3,500 — Near Bluxome and 4th ats.: a great
buy; a good turn can be made and ths
property paya $?16 per annum.
$s,26o— Harriet st., adjoining rear of 6th-
st property, near Howard: a great
bargain: 2 Cats pay $384 a year.
$4,600— Kissllng st.. close to Howard st, bet
Uth and 12th.; pays about $420
a year: Ocean Shore depot one block.
$2,2so— North side 23th; 2 little flats renting
for $240 ft year; ft good buy for email
Investment
RESIDENCES.
$13,000 — A bargain; owner has moved away
from the city and wanta to veil at
once; fine substantial house 0 rooms,
tn excellent condition: modern plumb-
ing: Jones st, near Clay; choice neigh-
borhood: marine view; make an offer.
! (12 000 — Callfcrnla-st home; north ; side
choice location: 10 rooms, sunny, mod-
ern: well arranged; electric lights, etc.;
house alone cost $12,000.
$2,700 — McAllister at., near Golden Gate
Part; fine little 6-room cottage; rent
$21.
LOTS.
$15,000 — On* of the choicest marine view lota
tn the Presidio Heights; 60x127:6.
IB.rOO — Green at., north line, near Devisa-
dero; unobstructed marine view;, lot
24:4x103:0.
' $3.123 — Locust St.. near Jackson: cheapest lot
in that beautiful district; street work
" done: marine view.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS _ CO..
I ISS Montgomery st
SPECIAL BAGAINB.
• $20,000— 7th-«t corner not far from Mission
st: t h * cheapest buy in that district;
* good Improvements; opposite corner of
same siie sold recently for $25,000
120.000— Howard, close to 12th; large lot and
1 good Improvements; one block ! from
Ocean Shore depot, which means a good
1 turn Fure; pays over $1300 n. y<*r. *
\u25a0 $19,000— Second-st. corner; 130 ft. of street
' ' . frontage; $1032: per' annum; this is a
treat bargain and will aell Quickly.
' $16,000— Net far from 11th and Harrison sts.;
1 fine large lot; a splendid site for manu-
facturing or warehouse purposes; the
cheapest thing In that vicinity and a
cood turn can be mad<; renta are \u25a0ncm-
*\u25a0 f j . taal.- \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 " \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
1 16.500— 18th. near Howard; also a block trom
, Oceaa Shore terminal; 3 flata paylnr
i $600 ft year.
1 BOARDMAN BROTHERS & CO.,
138 Montgomery st - -
- $CO,OOO— RENT $437; bus. cor.; B. Powell.
i $32.000— Rent $200; Folsom. nr. 8d; 73 ft
; 112.MX) — Rent $100; corner on Folsom - at.
1 $12,600— ytllmor*: atorea . and flats.
$6,000— Rent $60 : near Stockton st
, $2,6oo— Rent* s26; near C— l. and Stocktca.
PSRCT B. TRAVERa, B*o Pin* at.
THE SAN FRANCISGO GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER-IT, 1905.
REAL ESTATE— CITY—FOB. SAI.E^
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 ' Post st. . \u25a0.:•.,\u25a0 .'
$Ss,ooo— Slxth-et businesa corner; annual In-
come about $7000; large holding of -00
ftet street frontage; Improvements con-
sist of stores and rooming-houses; close
in; 5-year leaves; pays 7 per cent net.
$23,500— Investment vicinity ot Pine and Polk
ets.; rents nearly $2000 a year; store
with lease and 5 apartments above; SO
feet frontage; clean buy in live district
CALIFORNIA AND KEARNY STREETS
INVESTMENT.
$22,600— Rents low at $1800 a year; two-story
brick building, only a few atepa^ from
Kearny et. ; ' ;•
WESTERN ADDITION TRANSFER POINT
INVESTMENT.
125,000— 52150 a year • income: new building
of stores and flats; 25 feet from most
prominent " Western Addition transfer
corner.
EIGHT PER CENT NET INVESTMENT.
$11,000 — Rents $4650 a year; swell apartment
house under long secured lease; half a
block from Van Ness aye. ; lot 29x120
to rear street \
$28,600— Folsom St., near Sixteenth, NB. cor-
ner; lot 60x101; stores and rooms; rents
$213 a month.
$14,600— Paciflo st, near Montgomery; lot 41x
68:9; 2 stores and 26 rooms; rents, un-
der secured lease. $110 a month. Thla
portion of town la secure in Ita leases.
A buy here means a steady income.
ONLY $1930 A LOT— ONLY $1930 A LOT.
Ten superb lots on First aye., near Hplnt
Lobos: bargains at this price. , „
Send for our monthly "Buyer and Seller,
containing a comprehensive list of choice prop-
ertlee for sale. - - \u25a0
25 FEET on 12th et. within 800 feet of Mar-
ket, opposite new Ocean Bhore R. R. j depot
elte: get in on this quick.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
' 25 Post Bt
PARK LOTS.
. PARK LOTS.
PARK LOTS.
We have for sala the best bargains in build-
Ing lots in and about Parnassus Heights. -
Lots with street work all done between "H"
and "I" streets; $1000 and upward.
Cheapest lota in Sunset and Ocean Beach
boulevard.
Grand Marine View lota In SUTRO
HEIGHTS ADDITION, all 80-foot lot*: all
«>treet work done; sewer, water, gas and elec-
tricity. Fine homes will be built here. Prloes
will go -up rapidly. Four street-car lines to
6UTRO HEIGHTS ADDITION.
SPECULATORS AND INVESTORS! -
Lots, corners, large portions of blocks and
whole blocks north and south of Golden Gate
Park at lowest possible figures.
Branch office cor. "H 1 ; st. and 6th aye.*
Branch office cor 4»th aye. and * Fulton
St., Sutro Heights Addition.
DAVID HIRSCHLER, Manager.
Open every day and Sundays.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL, Agents,
£5 Post st
PRESIDIO TERRACE.
First Avenue, Opposite Washington St
In buying your home site In this park you
do not run the risk of having somebody build
right on the line and up against your home,
shutting o« your light and view — ugly bill-
boards won't be an eyesore to you— flats and
apartments are barred and your home will be
in the midst of a residence park, with nothing
but high-class homes about you. The view
from your windows will embrace the ocean,
Golden Gate Park. Preeldlo and San Fran-
cisco, with its circling hills. No grander
prospect can be imagined.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
25 Post st.
VILLA LOTS— S7 A FOOT!— VILLA LOTS.
The choice lots of San Mateo Park: situated
In the third subdivision of this beautiful tract;
commanding a magnificent view of the sur-
rounding country and the bay. with unexcelled
Improvements: these lots are the cream of the
residence property on the penlnsula.
None Have less than 100 feet frontage; sewera
and water pipes laid; roads macadamized;
these magnificent lots can be had now for $700
and upward.
The Bay Shore cutoff will bring San Mateo
withlrs 2« minutes of San Francisco; wise buy-
ers readily foretell the future from these facts.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 POST ST.
FRANK S. GRUMMON.
Burllngame and San Mateo.
_«___ - - ,
$5750 — TWELFTH and Howard ets. neighbor-
hood; lot 23xS0; cet in on this rleht new; it
won't last long. Particulars at our olflce.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL,
- 25 Post St.
HOAG & LANSDALE.
10S Montgomery Btreet
ON LAKE STREET.
Running back to Mountain Lake Park; 30-
tcot lots; only $1500.
A 810 STfAP.
On Clement et., northeast corner, fronting
107:fl to the south. 100 feet: deep; can sub-
divide and make grood profit by quick sales.
Look at the price, only $3500.
BUSH-STREET RESIDENCE.
Two-story and attic. 10 rooms and bath;
lot 52x97:6; only 27 feet occupied by building;
price $10,000.
BUSINESS CORNER:
IN WESTERN* ADDITION.
On Turk at ;- stores and fiats; size 58x107;
rents $255; price $32,000.
$S5OO RESIDENCE.
Jackson st, north side, near Broderick; 0
rooms and bath.
TWO FLATS.
Panhandle District; sunny side; rents $62 50;
price $7000; this must be sold.
THREE FINE MODERN FLATS.
Paying $98 per month; in Panhandle Dis-
trict; 30-foot lot; only $10,000.
TWO CHEAP LOTS. ,
On Shrader st., near Hayes; 50x110; only
$5000; don't miss this chance; cheap.
$1900.
Fine corner. 110 feet rrontage; on Halght
st, within one block of Flllmore.
GREEN-STREET RESIDENCE-.
9 rooms, hardwood. floors; modern in all re-
spects; price $7000. •
Lot on Webster et, near Oak; 25x100; price
$3260.
HOAO & LANSDALE.
108 Montgomery at j
CHARLES B. RUSSELL, Phone John 4356.
$24,000 — Warehouse: Main at: 50x187:6; neta 3
per cent; long lease; near railroad, i*
$19,000 — Manufacturing ulte : - Harrison, \u25a0 near
20th; railroad facilities; 123x122:6; level;
no piling; lease pays 7 per cent net
$13,000 — Leavenworth. near Washington: su-
perb marine view; 10 rooms; 27:6x107. -
$12,000 — Pacfflc aye.: 44x127; near Baker; two
fine residences will be built on , adjoin-
ing 108. feet; marine view.
$8,200— Laruna, near Lafayette equare; 80x
110: 8 rooms; $5000 mortgage can re-
main. * \u25a0\u25a0_ \u25a0; -.,-;•- ,
$s,2so— Jackson, north ; line, « near Lyon ; 85x
127:8: $3500 mortgage can" remain. ,
$4,500— -Jackson; north line, ' near Baker; SOx
127:8: $3000 mortgage can remain.*
j $3.400— Vallejo, near Stelner; 30x137:6; mi.
rln« view; easy t*rms. \u25a0 .
$3,250 — Locust, near Washington; 23 feet '
- -front '\u25a0 \u25a0.' \u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0 ' - • -,-\u25a0. - - \u25a0 . . \u25a0 '
$250— Lot 66. 23x100; Spring Valley Home- !
Dtead.: '-, -\u25a0\u25a0•-'\u25a0\u25a0 :;\u25a0;-..-.,--\u25a0\u25a0 ..--,.,\u25a0..-\u25a0'\u25a0
222 Kohl bldg.. -California and Montgomery, sts.
MONTELI/ -GOREVAN.
"225 Emma Spreckels \u25a0 Building. !-', • -
South of Market - at — 3 flats, 4 : rooms each ;
mortgage $2000; -price $4800. \u25a0?\u25a0'. ,
Cottage on =N. aide of; 23d s^., west of Dia-
mond; mortgage $1100 can remain: price $2000.
Saf>> investment south side; of : Waller, -run-
ning through to Lloyd," 6C feet west of Scott; 2
r rerun ires: fine view; size 30xl»0: ; price $5200.
N 6. 28th- 17C, west 'of Dolores; .6x114; 3
rooms and bath: price $3000. -, .- ,-.... •; -\u25a0-;\u25a0\u25a0
Cheapest buy in Richmond; •> 67:6x100; SW.
corner of Lake at and Fourth aye. ; rent per
annum,- $1938. -.'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0;. ?<;.—-\u25a0;"-•.. '--.;::::
" Also * several lota In • Lorn eta r Park, ; 50x145
and 54x137 :6: these - lots can » be > paid i for "as
f ollowa: $200 cash, balance $500 In : monthly
inn ailments of $10 »a eh ; these lot s must ' be
seen to be appreciated. ,
$600 CASH. $30 monthly will ' buy . brand new
• cottage of 5 or 6 rooms on ; Second ave.,, near,
McAllister st F. NELSON, owner ft builder. •
$300— LOT extra : larg*. half cash; Sunset j- oa
new car Una. Box 2SIO, Call offloe.
REAL, , ESTATE— -CITY-— FOR ' B ALB.
SAGE, '-, DEALEY '\u25a0&'\u25a0 CO., 1/
. 633 Market st, Opp. Palace Hotel,
• Real . Estate Agents and \ Auctioneers.
Housea Rented. Rents Collected. Insurance.
$140.000— Mission . st, near First; -40 feet run-
ning through to rear street; Improved
"\u25a0'\u25a0 with handsome 6-story, and * basement
V brick bulldlne v under secured ; lease;
. \u25a0 rents $<JOO per month. -.. • *
$82,500-^-Important Bd-st corner; 55 feet front-
age; well, improved; rents $207 60 mo.
$05,000— Large corner on 6th st; well Im-
proved with stores and flats; 3 front-
- -\u25a0 "\u25a0"•\u25a0' ages. \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0•\u0084.--\u25a0-" \u25a0 '
$55,000— Important Dupont-st holding, 66:6
- feet frontage: close 'to the corner of
Clay . at.; well ; improved : with ; 8-story
brick building, consisting of stores and
rooming-house above; rents 5 $360 \ per
month; this property is paying 7 per
, ' - \u25a0' ©eat net.. ;• ' . \u25a0 \u25a0:•** \u25a0- ' >'\u25a0':\u25a0'-\u25a0' ,-;\u25a0'\u25a0-
sso,ooo— Greatly, reduced; McAllister at, near
• Octavia; 82 feet frontage by, 120 feet
i through to rear street; new improve-
ments, stores and flats; rents $342 per
month; this la a. bargain; .McAllister
st. is destined to become one of * the
prindDal retail business atreets north
of Market at . '
$22, BOO —Large holding on .Harrison st: 65
• feet frontage; weir Improved 8-story
building, stores, flata, etc. ; rent $167
per month. ... \u25a0 . ' \u25a0 _ \u0084 .
$20,000— Large holding on Saoramento at...
near Polk; 65 feet frontage; well Im-
proved: 2 stores and three residences;
renta $157 60 per month; this Is •an
unusual opportunity for ft safe in-
vestment; mortgage of $9000 can re-
main.
$19,000 — Beautiful corner, containing six new
modern flats; every room llrht and
sunny; rents $161 60; mortgage $0000.
$15,000— Entire block of land, Sunset Dis-
.trict; close In; three blocks from elec-
tric railway; adjacent block being
held at $23,000
$13,600 — Valuable Folsom-st property, near
. 6th; strictly business property: 2 stores
and 2 flats above; rent $90 per mo. I
$18,500— Hyde st, near Geary; 2 fine flats of
,6-7 rooms and bath; also besement
partly finished; thoroughly modern.
$11,600— Large holding on Harrison. st.; lenta
$100 50 per month; mortgage $4500.
$9,6oo— lmportant business oorner in the
Mission district; 80 feet frontage; build-
Ing consists of store occupied as drug
store and 3 flats; rents $85 per mo.
$9,500 — Two beautiful flats on Sacramento
st, near Lyon, containing 7 rooms
and porcelain bath; upper contains
about 12 rooms with finished attlo;
building alone costs the asking price;
rent $82 50 per month.
$9,000 — Bargain in 3 flats of 6-6-6 rooms) and
bath; on Jones st; permanently rented;
$82 50 Der month.
$6,76o— Harrison Bt near 6th: store and
flat above; ' under secured lease; pay-
ing a good rate of Interest; this prop-
erty has an assured future.' '
$4.500 — Greatly reduced; good lot on Har-
riet st; well Improved; rents $41 60
per month.
$4,6oo— Business Investment; store and flat
above; Silver st, near Third; rent
$39 50 per month; great future.
$4,OOO— NE. corner of Clement and 23d aye.,
107:0x100 feet; street work all done.
$3,600— Beautiful cottage In the warm belt
of tho Mission; 5 rooms and bath;
mortgage of $2000 can remain.
$1,600 each — Two well situated lots on
Lake st. near Sixteenth aye.; terms
$300 cash, balance $10 per month; lots
sewered, curbed and concrete aide-
walk.
$7,250 — Greatly reduced: rents $66 60 per
month; holding, on Harriet st, back-
ing uo to eth st: 60 ft. frontage; im-
provements, 6 flats. • .
SAGE, DEALEY & CO..
638 Market at. opp. Palace Hotel.
OSCAR HEYMAN & BROTHER, 115 SUTTER.
SEASIDE HEIGHTS. NO. 2.
We are offering for sale lots in another ot
our choice marine view blocks fronting on I and
J sts. and 38th and 89th ayes. The lots are
only 1 block from the electric car line, the elo-
vatlon is 110 feet above the ocean, and the lota
8 feet above the grade. No automobile* re-
quired to reach these lots. The block will be
po graded that each lot will command an un-
obstructed marine view. There is water and
electricity. The terms are easy, the prices
reasonable,
POINT LOBOS HEIGHTS.
Do not fail to see our NEW BLOCK on Point
Lobos aye., A Bt, 41st and 42d ayes. We are
now grading it, and it Is tne only block In this
locality where you can get a blrdseye view of
the ocean, beach and park; the Sutro cars pass
the property; gas and water pipes now laid.
BAKERS BEACH HEIGHTS.
Ths finest, marine view corner that, can be
had to-day; 45x100 feet fronting on West Clay
et. and 25th aye. The view Is positively a
panorama. We have thr»e other marine view
lots in this block fronting on Lake st and 25th
aye. Title guaranteed by the Title Insurance
and Guaranty Company. We have the cheap-
est lots in tha entire district on and near the
Ocean boulevard for $300 and upward. See us
to-day at our branch office, Ocean boulevard
and Mat - • ** :•
RICHMOND HEIGHTS. >
Lots on C st 2Sth and 37th ayes., overlook-
ing the park and Spreckels Lake; you cannot
help but make money by buying in this locality.
• GOLDEN CITY TRACT.
$300 each; fine building lots; $5 down and $5
monthly: level and only naif block from the
San Bruno-ave. car line; call to-day at our
branch office, 2574 San Bruno aye.; take Fol-
eom-st car, transfer at Precita aye. - .
$250— Lota opposite the Five-Mile House; level
and ready to build on; our agent at 2574 San
Bruno aye. ,wlll ahow you the lota.
$150 lots; $5 down and $5 monthly; the cheap-
est and best lots ever off ere 1 for the money;
close to San Bruno'and Railroad ayes, car line;
our agent at 2574 San Bruno aye. will show
you the lots.
NEW COTTAGES. .
ALABAMA ST.." NEAR rRECITA AYE.
5-room and bath cottage now building; you
can buy it with your rent money; look at it
while it is being constructed; that is tha way
to tell how a house is built
Beautiful, modern, 6-room and bath, 1%-
story cottage; lot 80 feet rrontage.
OSCAR HEYMAN & BRO., 113 BUTTER ST.
CENTER _ SPADER,
11 Montgomery st, Lick House block.
$12,500— Choice NW. corner on 17th st, near.
Valencia; 61x115; worth $15,000; don't
overlook this. ' . :
$20,000— 12 th. near Howard, on line Ocean
Shore road: 4 flats and cottage: rents
$100 per month; 10t. 49x109; this prop-
erty sure to enhance In value.
Dolores Bt. opposite new Mission Park; 99x95;
In lota to suit
$32.600— Orand corner on Folsom st; 200x150;
snap.
$27,500 — Handsome modern corner residence on
Jackson Bt.: choice location; containing
12 rooms, bath, billiard and servants'
room; wine cellar, etc.; grand lot, 34x
127. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - -
$42,600— Make offer; Eddy St.. ' near Leaven-
worth; old improvements; : lot 50x137.
$8,000 — Renta $75; 2 handsome new flats, 6
rooms each, close to California st and
Presidio aye.: lot 33x00. - -
$25,000— Bargain; fine new corner property on
22d Bt. : 6 new flats and cottage, with
lot 24 feet frontage vacant; rents low,
$190; lot 73x89. ->
$I,7oo— Alpine 6t; choice lot 23x88; superb
view; make offer.- \u25a0 ' .
$5,250 — Hampton place, off Folsom.' n*ar Sec-
old; 2 flata and house; renta $42; lot 41
ft. front: very ; cheap. --.
$B,lso— Rents $52 50; new flata on Landers
st; .lot 25x125. ,
$23.000 — Rents $200 per month; your opportu-
nity -to secure ft choice Investment on
one ot the best blocks oa Folsom st; 9
. modera flats, all rented.- first-class ten-
ants; largo : lot, 70x70; this property has
ft fine future: Investigate. \u0084
$10,600— Renta $60; 8 modern flats on Folsom
st. : close in; lot 85x85; very cheap.
$7,ooo— Rents $720; safe investment; on Fair
Oaks at, near -23d; 2 2-story hou3ea,-7
rooms each; all the latest improvements;,
worthy of . investigation. . , ' \u25a0 :
._\u25a0__ , CENTER _ SPADER.
B. GET-. ROOM 22/ CHRONICLE BLDG.
Owner ; and Dealer. .
Everybody Makes Money I Sell To!!
Bargains! Nothing But Bargains '. I
Paciflo Ocean Heights and Ocean Side Lots.
19th-ave. "Official" Boulevard Lots.
'?\u25a0'::. Celebrated Sunset Heights , Lots.
All on Coming Ocean Shore and Parksids R. R.
\u25a0 Most Magnificent 1 Marine and Park' View.
$300 to $1000— Graded lots ready to build upon.
. $000 and vp — Richmond " and '•\u25a0 north of < Park
lots; fine views of Park, lake and ocean.
$100 to $350— Excel Rlor and Ocean View lots.
All My Properties Sold on ' Easy Terma, '
$1000 to $3000— Cottages and houses on terms.
lUßuy Direct From : the Owner!!!
B. GETZ, ROOM 22, SECOND FLOOR.
CHRONICLE BLDQ. ,
) v :" , SPECIAL BARGAIN. ; ; r . ;
.-On account of departure: from, the, city I am
I compelled to sell lat once | 2 up-to-dat* resl-
- dences of 6-7 . rooms ; and bath each ; . building
\'- new 1 :' must . be seen ta -be : appreciated; -no
: reasonable ; offers refusea;\ will also \u25a0•\u25a0 sell » ele-
gant furniture and carpets at sacrifice; terms
. desired; see owner on premises, afternoons
only, 27 Brazil aye.; • few • steps . from 7 Mis—
>'.: alon- at- -..\u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0 , : .\u25a0\u25a0.'.-.-\u25a0\u25a0,•\u25a0.'•- ; -\u25a0--.---\u25a0'\u25a0•:\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0':". ; : -,-.•\u25a0-
ATTRACTIVE \u25a0. bargain* ? in s city - : real £' estate
v only ot BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery;
f . at; San Francisco.' -''iv-:''^, : i-.-\u25a0";:"i -.-\u25a0";:" v -?, ; *:••' .'..,
COTTAGE/ 5 rooms and bath: 'all . modern ' im-
provements;; beam; ceiling,- dictng-room.-hlgh
' ; basement ; . Just ; completed ; ! $2S00; ;, terms.' :^ 433
. Thirty-first • aye.. ' near?- Clement.'- Richmond/
$ieoo-^EIGHT_ENTH. S ISO V ft. ; from i Hattie:
S3xB4;,N. side of street Apply > 1647 Page.
FOR ; aale— _ot.?: 25x120. - 12-ft *: ailey : Mission;
loir; cash; ajeat MARTIN. 80i tftrkla at
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
\u25a0'\u25a0'•\u25a0•\u25a0 J. "\u25a0\u25a0 W: WRIGHT ;& .CO.. 630 ".Market at'
$85,000 — Splendid \u25a0-: downtown- corner ; north of
Market st. ; lot over 80 feet square; mod-
ern, up-to-date building; & atorea and 90
- rooms; secured lease for 10 years at a
rental that pays 7% Per cent net on this
amount: this property must be sold; any
: reasonable : offer will be entertained ; -It
will: stand the fullest Investigation.
$50,000— Rent: $300 t>er month; 8 store* and 4
flataon Mladon st. near 18th; lot. 80
ft. by 160 ft, irregular; 10 yeara* ae-
cured lease; rents inereaee for next year.
$45,000 — Choice corner on Devisadero st ; lot
60x106 - ft.; ' modorn \u25a0 building of stores
and flats; all rented for $360 per month;
bank mortgage of $22,000 can remain.
$45,000 — Splendid site for modern building in
the vicinity of 2d and Howard sts. ; lot
60x165 ft. to rear street; old improve-
ments.
$38,000— Choice location on Flllmore st: lot
87:6x137:6;- partially Improved with
stores and flats; present rental $2730 per
annum; with small outlay this property
can be made to bring; in ft much larger
rental.
$28,600— Rent $175 per s month; key lot SOx
1S7:8 : modern building; store and five
apartments; vicinity of Bueh and Polk.
$21,600— Rents $160 per month; a fine north-
west transfer - corner on Devisadero Bt.
of 2 stores and 2 flats; lot 87:6x70 ft;
offer wanted. r " \u25a0
$20,000— Rent $2100 per annum; 6 new, mod-
€ < era, up-to-date flats of 6 rooms and
bath each; well located on McAllister
at: bargain.
$19,000— Rents $215 per month; 6 elegant, mod-
.. em, up-to-date flate; very artistically)
and eubstantlally built; no better in-
come property In the city; well located
In the Western Addition.
$18,600— Fine 4-story building of 21 rooms:
\u25a0 downtown; vicinity of Bush and Powell
sts.; 3 years leased at $133 per month;
3 frontages: fine Investment. •
*12,800— Rent $1200 per annum; 3 new, modern
flats of 6-7 rooms and bath each; vicin-
ity of O'Farrell and Laguna sta.
$11,000 — Rents $100 per month; 3 new, modern
flats of 6-7 rooms and bath; on Devlsa-
dero at. near Eddy; lot 25x87:6; must
be sold; offer entertained.
$10,000— Rents $60 per month: good modern
house of 12 rooms and bath; lot 87:6 x
120 feet, running through to rear street;
mortgage of $7500 can remain; north line
of Halght at. near Market
$10,000— Rents $80 per month; 8-story frame
building of. etoro and lodging-house of
1G rooms; 4th and Harrison sts.; bank
mortgage of $4500 can remain; fine buy.
$9,600 — Rents $85 per month; 3 new, modem,
up-to-date flats of 5 rooms' and bath
each; best part of California st: lot 25x
100 feet; bank mortgage of $4000 can
remain; positively a snap.
$9,000— Renta $07 per month; 10 flats of 8
rooms each: good street south of Mar-
ket, near Sd; lot SIxSS ft; good plumb-
ing; brick foundation; best Income prop-
osition south' of Market.
$B,ooo— Rented low at $510 per annum; good,
new, modern, up-to-date house of 9
rooms And bath; lot 40x120; vicinity of
Fillmoreand Oakvsts.
$3.000 — Rents $60 per month: 4 flats of 6-6
rooms and bath; on Turk at, near
Pierce; lot 25x120 feet to rear street; 2
frontages; rented cheap.
$B,ooo— Central aye., near Fell at: fine, mod-
; crn reeldence of 9 rooms and bath; lot
\u25a0. 25x106:3 feet; choice location and good
value for the money.
$7.soo— Commercial st, near Kearny; 2-story
and basement brick building; 2 i years'
lease at $50 per month net to owner.
$7,250 — Ellis St.. near Laguna; 2 modern flata
of 6-6 rooms and bath each; renting: tor
. $62 60 per month; bank mortgage of
$3500 can remain,
$7.2oo— Rent $72 per month; lot 27:6x125'ft;
4 new, modern, up-to-date flats: safe
Investment; always rented; near 19th
and Caetro ats.
$6,ooo— Southeast oorner of Jones and Green-
wich sts.; lot 22:0x60 ft; store with 8
rooms and tlftt above with 6 rooms;
building has Just been, put In first-class
. condition;' this is one of the best loca-
tions for vegetable store or meat mar-
ket in the city; see it to-day.
$6,000 — Rents $50 per month; 2 new, modern,
up-to-date flats of 6-6 rooms and bath;
vicinity of Ellis and Scott sts. ; lot 25x76
ft; best buy in the Western Addition.
$5,750 — Rented low at $000 per annum; 2 new,
modern, up-to-dato flats of 6-7 rooms
and bath each; lot 25x80; well located
in the, Western Addition. ,
$5,000 — Rent $35 per month; rood, modern
house of 9 rooms and bath; fin* resi-
dence on Dolores st
LOTS.
$25,000 — A fine corner on 9th at; must be sold;
lot 75 ft frontage; positively a bargain.
$7,000 — Choice corner, 90 ft frontage, on
Guerrero st; no better location in tha
city for stores and flats; bargain^
$3,100 — Lot 25x112 feet; on Page st. near Ash-
bury; level and ready to build on; street
work all done.
$I,ooo— Lot 25x97:6 ft; 20th at, near Collins-
wood; cheapest lot In this locality.
J. W. WRIGHT & CO.. 630 Market st
MADISON - BURKE,
. Established January, : 1553.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
SO Montgomery st., opp. Lick House.
$62,000 — Folsom-st. corner, near ! Sd st ; two
; frontages; 15,600 square feet; only cor-
ner on Folsom at Inside offered for any
auch price,
$45,000 — Stores and . 10 flata; tint corner on
Devlsadero; new building; rent $4200
per annum: Increase May 1 aezt; lot
60x106 feet
HOME DOWNTOWN.
Pine st. nr. Van Ness aye.; elegant home;
two. frontages ; offered low at $11,000.
""\u25a0 INSIDE INVESTMENT.
Eddy st, only a block from Market; largest
Inside holding on the market; only
$110,000. - •
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS. 1
Get our list of lota on Pacific, Presidio, Jack-
1 ion. Washington, Walnut and Laurel
sta ; choice marine view; lots 80, 33
and 45 feet frontage.
Dupont, 6 W. cor. Greenwich; corner and ad-
joining pieces; grand Income property.
Call for prices and particulars.
$11,000 — Fine residence on CKFarrell at, near
Octavla; rented low at $63 month;
large lot: 30x137:6: must be aold;
see this and get a bargain.
INCOME PROPERTY. '
$15,800— Six new flats; 5 rooms and bath each;
rent $138 60 month; fine corner oa
Hayea st; reduced in price to make
immediate sale.
$9,000— 2 modern flats; Page at. near Park;
rents $870 per annum; elegantly finished;
good investment.
$7,6oo— Reduced from $8000 to make lmme-
" - dtate sale, fine : home' of 10 rooms and
. bath, on Walnut at: in grood location;
look at this If you want a home cheap.
$7.soo— Shrader st; fine home: new; 9 rooms
* and bath; lot 25x110: owner going East;
must cell; make offer.
$I.7oo— Fine corner on 17th at : three lots;
beautiful site for a fine home; must be
sold. See this and get a bargain.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
! Two good lots on Clipper St.. cheap; large
corner. In Excelsior Homestead.
; MADISON & BURKE, "
.80 Montgomery st
''\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- , \u25a0 \u25a0 - . .
• VT.-J. WHITE COMPANY.
Old Established — Always Reliable.
. $4500— Business property; new store and 6-
room modern flat; on 24th it; street bltumin-
\u25a0iced; atone sidewalks; • electrlo cars; fine in-
vestment; In outside business center.
- $2Soo— Lot 25x123; Buena Vista aye.; new
modern 4 -room and bath cottage; nice yard;
grand view; street work done; lot alone worth
$1600; investigate. -
: $2350— Modern 4- room cottage ; porcelain
bath;: Ocean • beach, a few. yards from electric
cars; terms." ' . \u25a0 -
$3e00— L0t. 25x125: '-- 4Sth ' »ye., facing 1 Ocean
boulevard: modern 6-room and porcelain bath
cottage ; ' finished in . hardwood : artistic decora-
tion*: front and rear conservatories.
$750— Lot 27:6x100; J'Bt; near 14th aye., 2
blocks park entrance;; street work; terma.-
$l3O0 — Lot on 20th aye.. .near H st. Sunset
$100 down— Elegant lots, Clement at, near
S2d aye.: electric cars pass: $800. • \u25a0
$$50— Choice r corner. Excelsior Homestead;
6 lots; adjoining lots held at $300.
$750 — Lot 25x120; 42d aye. and I st.
$1400 — Improved corner; - Excelsior Home-
stead: * lot*: ' faces Brazil aye
$330 each-'-Lots : 3 .blocks . south of Golden
Gate Park : I beautiful marine | view ; $25 down,
810 monthly; others $250: easy terma. -
\u25a0 Read our "AD" under country property.
Loans,-, insurance, 26 . Montgomery st, rm. 8.
$2350--HOUSE and lot at the "> beach, aouth of
the' Park; lot 23x120; new house, ; containing
a : large kitchen £ and j dining-room, parlor
two bedrooms, t clothes closets, bathroom and
atoreroom; latest Improvements; gas. hot and
; cold water; 1 rooms all sunny; part cash, bal-
ance in payments to suit \u25a0 Box 2902, Call
- office. . - _____:'\u25a0 •' . '
$400 APIECE for two lots, 25x120 each, south
of the ; Park and within . halt \u25a0, block of pro-
' pesed \u25a0-: street ; car . line : \u25a0;-. only seven short
. blocks \u25a0 from the ocean; > all ready to build
your •'Little Happy Home" on and discharm
;. - your fc landlord ; $50 : down, \u0084 balance r $10 p* r
* \u25a0 month : no taxes: '; le»s than rent; no agents
'Box 2901. -Call Office.- \u0084 ; '-.\,\ : \.
I - WILL' osy ' cash for • city /or \u25a0 suburban prop-
erty "in \u25a0- Los ; Angeles or will buy 5 lands in
" California* Or 1 Texas; > I make . * -. specialty ,of
"\u25a0 recovering* lands ,for j the \u25a0 heirs of early set-
x \ tiers \u25a0In OTexaa and : California. Mtnea f and
rolnlns; a part of my business. N. M. NOR-
*. : FLEET. 703 Hellman. ., Bldg., Los * __g«l«*.
" C*_"- :S "; 'lS%t!)3S^?»£ : \u25a0' \u25a0"/-* - \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 * -
RE-^^ESTAT-^-^ITY-^C^JfJfgL.
SaUNWAI_). BUCKBEE A^ _ T
$7.000-B^ e r st. -iSS^.-tfS
• ffl^^__3?%CM«^ S3S:e
$3.850--Halght st. near Ashbury ; lot -3s^
feet; "heapest lot In this locality. J»"
$13.000^Page d ' S t. near' Laguna: 2 tram. toUj.
8 rooms and bath each: rents $». wf
lot, 67:6x120 feet to Lily aye. t 5x91 . 3
$2t,000-Flllmore Bt., near Post; lot g™^
fact; ready to build on. Fine location
for stores and apartment-house
$20.000— Union at. near Flllmore: *%"*
T rooms and bath each; "a'fiSrtSS
month: lot 70x137:6 feet AbaoWteiy
$30.000-irVelfUi'st 1 near Mission: frame »n-
nrovements: lot 70x175 feet .
street; Improvements pay about »"•> V* T
month. A snap. ... _,_,
$25,000— Jacksoa-st corner; 3 beautiful new
flats, o rooms and bath each, e^ery
modern convenience: extremely artistic,
large reception hall; hardwood fl°?Ef-
beamed ceilings In dining-rooms: electric
lights; nickel plated plumbing throusn
out; all leased: renta $ISO per month,
lot 82:8%x91 f eet v One of th*. •*«•*
and best proposltlona in the market to-
day. ...
$27,500— Montgomery aye.. near Kearny at. . *-
atory brick buildin*: 2 atorea and loag-
lng-house ftbove; renu $145 per ™° nt °«
lot 53:11}4, feet on Montgomery »«. oy
Irregular depth: ft gilt-edged Investment
$7.ooo— Reduced from $8000; Sutter at. near
Buchanan; substantial 2-story house,
rented for $50; lot 23x137:6 feet: ft poai-
' tlve bargain. , _
$50,000— Van Ness _ye.. near California at: 2
substantial houses. 14 rooms each; total
renta $200 per month; lot 63x137:6 feet
One of the cheapest pieces on thla
street; would make grand . location lor
apartment-house or - hotel.
$9,ooo— California st, near Laguna: substan-
tial residence, 12 rooms and bath; rent
$60: lot 24x137:6 feet: ft bsunraia.
$12,600— Vallejo-st corner, near Buchanan; lot
... 40x137:6 feet; grand marine view; lot
ready to • build on.
$22.600— California-st. corner; substantial two-
story and basement residence; 14 roonw
and two baths; first-class condition; lot
68:9x110 feet.
$16,000— Folsom-st. corner, ne&r Third; lot 25x
100 feet; lmprovementa. 8 flata; rent $91;
mortgage $7600 can remain.
$9,000— Page st.. near Flllmore: fine substan-
tial residence of 9 rooms and bath; rente
for $60; up to date In every way; lot
80x137:6 feet
$20.000— Townsend st, near Fourth; 3-story
frame and corrugated iron building; rent
$125 per month; lot 22:11x120 feetj one
of tha best investments on the market
to-day.
$23,600— Paciflo aye., near Laguna at; elegant
modern residence; salon parlors ; 4 bed-
rooms, bllllard-rooma. electric and gas
lightlng; modern In every respect; beau-
tiful marine view; lot 27x127 :8V4 feet;
a bargain. •
$40,800— Fourth st. near Harrison; two-atory
brick and .'frame building; on* tenant
pays $12 month; large lot 51xS0 feet;
positively one ot the best bargains of-
fered, considering tha grand future of
this street.
$50,000— Fourth-st. corner near Harrison; over
10,000 square feet: old Improvements;
no leases; further particulara »t our
$3,6oo— Filbert st. near Broderick; marine
view residence: 7 rooms and bath; extra
large lot; finished, basement and garage.
$1,600 each— Twenty-fifth aye.. near Lake st:
grand marine view lota; 81x120 feet
each: Just put on the market; will sell
for cash or terms.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. .
218 and 220 Montgomery st. Mills bldg.
A. J RICH _ CO., REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
112 MONTGOMERY ST.
$63,000— Devlsadero st; large corner; 67 :6 x
175; fully Improved; rents $383 per
month.
$23,000— Devisadero and Eddy sts.: corner,
62:6x100; renta $125 60 per month.
$37,500 — A beautiful new modern Improved
residence; Presidio Heights district;
Clay st. corner; 62x102; surrounded by
fine residences; contains 13 room* and
$22,600— Ha'rrt son st; larg* corner: 66x100;
atorea and flats; fine income.
$3,500—23 lota *»outh of Park; close to Oceaa
boulevard.
$23,000— Washington Bt; fine, larya residence,
.-\u25a0-\u25a0,- near Locust st: lot 60x127:8%: resi-
dence contains 12 rooms and two baths;
hardwood floors; furnace. • etc
10,000 — Make an offer: lot on the north line
of Jackson st between Devlsadero and
Broderick ats.: $31:10%xl27:8%.
$15,000— Southeast corner Mission and 24th
its.; 30x115 to rear atreet; stores and
flats.
$47,500— F0150m at, near 6th: 75x165; ft flna
Investment; income over $300- per ma
$12.000— Pacific aye.. between Van Ness aye.
and Franklin st; 80x132; fine location
for flats or residence. -\u25a0 - P**4
$14,500 — Webster st;' 3 new. modern Improved
flats; near Eutter st; 7, 7 and 8 rooms
and bath; renta $35. $38 50 and $40 per
month. -
$12.000 — Block 210x600; near Ocean boulevard;
fine buy. \u25a0 *-*
$17.000— Mission at., between 17th and 18th;
lot 46x120; a 3-story bay-window build-
Ing; stores and flats.
$7.ooo— Bush st; house and lot; near Hyde;
contains 6 rooms and bath; all la the
best order: lot 20x137:6.
$23,000— Sixth st; 50 feet through to rear
atreet: excellent improvement; renta
$133 per month.
16,000 — Lombard st; house and lot; near
. Jonea; 27:6x137:6; must be aold.
$16,600 — Renta $104 60 per month; eight mod-
- crn four-room flats, nearly new, situ-
ate on the northwesterly corner of Hyde
and Allen sts.. between Filbert and
Union; this ta a fine Investment
A. J. RICH _ CO.,
,-; Jt\\:,yfZ:.- 112 Montgomery at
""" ~~ BURR-PADDON CO..
Incorporated.
TeL Main 3794. 40 Montgomery at. 8. F.
$45,000 — Beautiful apartment house tn Western
Addition, within one block of Van Ncsa
aye. : well ' arranged with all modern
convenience*.
$40,000 — Tha *Mackea Apartment House, 91
' Central aye.. bet Halght and Waller
ats.: 60 ft frontage: beautiful marble
entrance; 12 apartments of 3. 4 and 8
rooms each: monthly rental $440; only
one year old; within 2 blocks of the
Park Panhandle.
$18,000— Reduced from $20,000; beautiful cor-
ner residence on Ashbury H sights; on
,vj a/ v Frederick st and De Long aye.; inlaid
floors, billiard-room, reception hall aad
all modern improvements.
$24,000— L0t on Hyde at. near Geary. Ther«
are now two houses bringing In $100 per
month on this lot but by building la-
come could be greatly Increased.
$12,000 — Large - 10-room house oa Washington
•at; lot 30x127;. 0n the north side of
street: all modern improvements.
$5,000 Each — 2 beautiful lots on Jackson at,
near Cherry; both will Increase greatly
I In value after street la paved; grading
now going on.
$22,600 — 6 flats of 6 and 7 rooms; en» slock
from the Panhandle: Income $190; large
basement; can ba had tor $10,000 by
assuming mortgage.
For good income and residence property la
the Western Addition, beautiful lota and resi-
dences la the . Richmond and Sunset districts,
it will pay you to call on us before puchaslnr
LBHNERS _ BUNDSCHU.
Managers of City Department
40 Montgomery st. Ban Francisco, CaL
WEISSBEIN BROS. _ CO..
HOME PROVIDERS.
616 SACRAMENTO ST.
v If you are a rent-payer you have; no doubt
often 1 found fault with your landlord. Even
neoessary repairs ho . has refused to do and
you are- subjected to lota of inconveniences, <
aalde from running the chances of having your
rent raised. Why don't • you try to better
! your condition •by becoming your \u25a0 own land-
: lord, paying for the home with the same rent
: money T - Make \u25a0 this ' resolution, for the new
year , and then come to see us. We will show
you ; the kind of homes we are building, give
you i- a - list •of different lots to select from
: and make you terms which surely will appeal
WEISSBEIN BROS. _ CO.. OWNERS.
Present your wife and children with on«
of the - : most acceptable New Year's presents
by the \ payment of $30 cash dowa aad ob-
taining a contract for a deed to » lot. which
is sure to increase . greatly before January.
1907. You * buy from us as cheap on terms
as - for cash and , you will admit that \u25a0 dealing
with' the owners direct -Is an ftdvaatag*. W«
ar« careful >In selection, are close buyers aad
sell at a small martin. We quote . you
- Lots in the "Mission" from ' $200 up.
Lots : in the "Richmond District" from
$330 up.
Lots "South of the Park" from $230 up.
It will pay you , to - see ; us and obtain par-
ticulars before purchasing " elsewhare. w*»
can save you money." :
WEISSBEIN BROS, ft CO.,
616 SACRAMENTO ST.
UNITED STATES IMPROVEMENT AND IN.
VESTMENT COMPANY,
638 CALIFORNIA ST. V^
REAL ESTATE DEPARTMENT.
$110,000— Handsome - slx-stcrj*. modern brtck
, building «n leading street; \u2666>«< c *
Leavenworth; secured ltas«, $73U a
year.
$23,000— Second st.. near Ml««ien; ©Id butM.
mars brins good rental; thane* fcr gwJ
--':'\u25a0'- '\u25a0\u25a0 turn, v --\u25a0 :•: ••>. :\u25a0\u25a0--.- ;
$14,500—3 very handsome QftU; -D*st t\%rt
; Green st: nftrlat vtaw; : rwt#4 liJso
» year; lot 27:0x93. •
$9.730-Rtnt*S $532 a y«ar: Fuitwn a«.j *t.
eralty Twenty- fourth: J n*w Rfttai a_*l
dal. construction; qouMt floor*. «Uv
A COZY cottae* tn Qantrn tmet Itameat** t"
located between Sun Urum> aTSa -TutKA
: .avenu««:_cc«ven»«t>t to ISlMon »m Vn«7a
Iron Tories: - *^, rooms; fcani nul«h{ n**i«r
' renovated; hlth b**em#nt; brtok f.Hii>o*it,r»i
lot 25x100. $1700; »UV> MuKST l^*
rent." \u25a0 J -' --\u25a0:.••-.
'W. N. lUISSKLU
801 California st., s can >-t»ncl*N\ C*V
BEAt ESTATE— CITY— \u25a0 FOR SALB.j>_
DAVIDSON" & LEIGH. 207 Montgomery st.
Opp. Mills Bid?. Entrance. Phone Main 123.
,tj Renta Collected.
$65 000— Large, central, downtown, brick busi-
ness block; prominent corner in retail
district; imposing improvements one year
old; will pay 8 per cent on asking prl&»
at expiration of .present leases June 1.
v.1906: present renu nearly $100 per
month. „»"_.
$42,500— FOurth-st business property. 40 feet
front by a good depth; imposing 3-story,
bay-window frame Improvements, 2
stores. 88 rooms above; now pays 5 per
cent net on asking price: a little money
expended in alterations and rents will b»
$340 per month; a grand bargain with
an assured future.
•40 coo Eighth-at : business corner; contains
' 8000 square feet frontage; 2 corners only
nartly Improved and now pays 7 per cent
net; bank mortgage of $20,000 can be
. obtained. .-:\u25a0 \u25a0
13&000— Business corner on Hayea st Inside of
Parana; 210 feet, fronting on 3 streets :
improvements In best condition; pays 7
per cent net on asking price; bank mort-
gage can remain. _.
t3S 000— Prominent business corner, 60x63: only
feet from Third st. ; adjoins property
aold last week for $1200 per front foot:
substantial frame Improvements now
bring 5 per cant net on asking price;
grand bargain, and must ba sold.
125 000— Prominent downtown business corner.
*^ 40x80 with 3 frontages; Fifth at. not
far from Market; auperb site for modern
building with atores and apartments.
$23,000—60x30 In beat business block on Sixth
\t; good improvements pay B per cent
net; $13,000 mortgage can remaia at 6
$20,000^Re C nS t52220:t $2220: bl» a^-J Ox^. t^L^Z
elusive portion of Western Addition; 8
new. modern, sunny flats of 4 rooms and
, bath each: have sun and light all day.
never any vacancies; mortgage of $0000
at 6 per cent; pays 13 per cent net oa \u25a0
$14.0C0^3:10_137?e. at Folsom and ?*«???« (
ats.; best and cheapest site for «n*<*t»»
shop In the entire neighborhood; present
frame Improvements rent for $60 per
month net: must be soldimake offer.
$14800— Rent $1116; thriving business corner
at Sixth and Bryant ats.; 2-story tram*
building in atores and flata; lot 25x.3; »s
key to adjoining; valuable property; w*
can loan $7000 on this at 6 per cent
$10,500— Folsom at. near Sixth: 23 '»« t . ft _ n J"
age with substantial Improvements pay-
ing 6 per cent net; $11,700 refused for
adjoining 23-foot lot; a bargain.
$9,ooo— Rents $600: bi* -corner. |60x60, near
* Eighth and Folsom: only partially im-
proved; spend $2000 la Improvements and
property will eurely pay 20 per cent oa
money Invested; $3000 loan can ba ob-
s3,7oo— Rent $370; prettiest flats la Richmond:
at Clement st and Second aye.; 5 and<»
rooms and bath, with all new. noodert
conveniences: big key lot 25x120. gtvln*
light and sun In all room— _„„„_
$4.2so— Rents $316 guaranteed} 4 nice. «onny.
3 and 4 room flats In best renting locali-
ty south of Market st; lot 23x73. back-
ing; Into main ' croestown atreet: mort-
gage of $2000 at 6 per cent; pays 14 per
cent on cash required.
DAVIDSON _ LEIGH. 207 Montgomery at
D. W. CARMICHAEX. & CO..
232 MONTGOMERY ST.
Mission Branch. 2543 Mission at.
BONT>S. IN3URANCB.
$350— Lot oa thirtieth ay».. near I at: will
be wortu $1000 la th« near future.
$730—V at: lot right at beach, near Forty-
aeventh aye.: 25x100.
$1 000— Corner lot. 60x90; Fifteenth *v«. *ad
* U at; Sunset District; this Is cheap.
$3 500— Gilbert st, near Branaaa; lot ZSxSO;
Improvements, 2 flats of 4 rooms «ach
ftnd 2 flats of 3 rooms each; rent«d tor
$3,600 — A modern two-atory frame bulldrns:
a rooms; Eleventh aye.. near Point
Loboa ava.
$4,500— G00d buy en Clara st.; 3-atory flat
building: of 4 rooms each; ia excellent
condition; rents $36.
$3,2so— Chinatown Investment: Dupont.
Stockton. Clay and Sacramento atai;
rented for $47 50.
$8,230— Large lot 73x63; north Una of Twen-
- ty-tourth st.. near Dolores; old dwell-
ing; fin* location.
$6,500— A swell residence on "Waller at: re-
ception hall, art glass windows; hand-
somely decorated rooms; solid oak man-
tels; French beveled plate mirrors;
heater; laundry; wine cellar; nice gar-
den; sunny side of street: ca lot 23x100.
$7,000—4 flats of 4 and 3 rooms each; Har-
riet, near Howard; rented for $33.
$7.Boo— Best local i n: Presidio Heights;
Fourth aye.. r« r Lake at: lot 23x120:
- 4 fiats, renting for $80 per month ;
modera and new; building alone coat
nearly price asked.
$3,000 — Mason at. between Pine and, Califor-
nia; 2 houses: rented for $67.
$9,600 — 6 new 3-room modern Cats; south aid«
of Clinton Park: 130 feet east of Mar-
ket at: rented for $106 per month; all
rented. \ : /^i'"-
slo,ooo—B 4-room flats on Jessia at, near Rid-
ley: largw lot 60x80.
$12,500 — Monroe st.. between Bush and Plae.
with entrance trom Powell at: lot 60x
80; old Improvements; a rood buy.
120.0GO — S Cats on lot 87:6x137:6: Pierce- st.
near McAllister: new aad rented for
167 60.
' '
$33,0d0— PROMINENT 6th-at corner, 173 fset
frontage: frame Improve raent a rent for
$1560 per annum.
$22,300 — Hayes at. bet Gough aad Octavta, 25
xISO to rear atreet; rea ts $130 per
month.
$20,000— Prominent corner ta Potraro district.
98x200: 2 corners, adjaca— t to Ooeaa
Shore R. R.
$18,000— FeU st, ae*r Octavta. to re*r atreet
27:6x120; elegant flats; perfect order;
always rented.
$12,000— Bush st. near Larkin, 80x13? :•;
shotthy be Improved with a_saU fl— ta:
no better return la town, for tho money.
$7,250—2 new Cats; rents $33 30 per month;
Henry atreet. 25x113.
$3.ooO— Webster street near Sacramento:
house of 7 rooms aad baaemont; 23x82.
13,000— Webster at. near Washington: 6 rooa-
and-bath cottar*, with baae— vent; lot
28x77 :S\*.
$3,600— 5 W. corner of sth »to. and C— Ufaraift
at. 82:6x100: store and fiats win pay
well here.
$1.730— NW. cor. Dolores «_d 'Clipper at*.; Ist
- 33:6x61.
200x300 — An alera— x site for ______turis«
purposes: right la railroad bob*; South-
ern Pacific now building b*y shore cut-
off: Western Pacifle la sight; Ocean
Shore comia*;: lots of water ta artesian
! \u25a0-*.-\u25a0- belt; must b« sold.
Lota frontinx on Railroad ava,. from
aye. to 27th ava. South; many oT these lota
hay« a double frontage; new line of Bouthera
Paclfla Railroad la cloao proximity; 25x100:
we axe selling these on taay terms. Call at
office for full oarUculara. .\u25a0}.___.'*»\u25a0'«».
SW. cor. Saa Joae> avaw aad Arcarai lo at..
NE. * cor. Saa Joa« aye. and Alvarado at :
__BTON A OARPIN-R, 411 -Contgo-iyry at
MISSION REAL ESTATE.
D. COFFIN _ CO.
$300— 3 lota, aoutheast corner Laldiey ana ,
Miguel at*.: atreet jradel aad sewered.
$7300— S fine Cats oa 13th st. near Dolores,
brick foandatlon and modern plu_ibtn<; rented
at $60 per month: atreet work dona.
$2230— Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; good base-
ment; 123& Sanches st. near 26th.
$16&0— Lot 23x114 feet; aaat line 21st at, 100
feet east of Caatra st .:---!. . . .-
Lot 25x110. east alia of Sanches st.. «S
feet south of Hancock. .
$900— Lot 23x70; east l!a» cf California aye..
near VlrginU ay*.; this la a snap.
$300 dowa aad $13 per month: ccttase. «
rooasa and bath; 44 Lundy las*, near 29th ana
Mt«sicn sts.; price $1*00; this beat* paying
rent
$300 dewn aad $23 per month: u*w cottagn
with 10-foot basement; street rraded. aewer
and pas; 1S» and 1321 Hamp*hire st; prlca
* :: stl3o-CotUr#'. 3 rooms **d bath: Moot
ba»«n-.ent and floored; nto« garden; 310 CUp-
r'j«OoL-LMr 'j«OoL-LM 2Sx<3 t**U wrrt ltn* rt 'Noe st.
b#tw#«n 23tl> an 4 2*th »!»>: ttn * dln * lc V-
s£oo »»ch— 3 Kits, w«»t H«« of OiUfornia a»e..
73 f**t awith ot Rir»«y »*\u25a0 , ,„. ....
•lon »t; «t»««t wrt aa doc«: rented $ia
115 iTAcr* yo« taov tdrgkont Mlsatoa 203 tor
cur Mat 0/ rrct«ert» to Jet and tor a»».
TV OOTFINr«JS Ml*»loq >t. near 21at
AT TUTS CU*T HOUSE BEACH.
»«t# Is «• pT\nN>aitk>n that beats UrVng vrtrh
xMvar 't»<oth«r-R»-Uw." A hou« of 4 roorr.a
•mt a ti-frot bAt*m«Rt, all furnished, oc.il
»toy», K«<**« ut«n*il». crockwy and übt«-
»«r*i Hiio»n Übi*. * iron bedstead.*, cna
H*ir nr.*ttrea*» en* b»d couch, desk and car-
»«t«: tt«ii«M« «n'i ftU tot $330 If sold at one*.
Itt4utr» bvx S,<Ci. Call ode*.
fVv« s«)»— At t^• b«ch acuth ot th« park.'
(tan »>*n<t*c<a'# he-Alt. 1 * rt»cr:. \u25a0 ban»»!or. -
vvnM^!U'« oi ft car with 3 rowna attached.- •'
f\sv«!'hv>j or usrumiahed: *n elegant pLac«
f-'r * r*mUy or a club; rout ot mound aotnt-
oak Itxiuir* bex im, Call otnev,
T\>Un »ol awrn»y*d, $t 80k J. A, ADuOtSl D»p-
uty XJ.*P. _Burv»yx>r. 113 ElchU at,; pkaa*
U4vw4 ftSXiy:AL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
JOHNSON & CO..
.03 Montgomery et., opp. Mills Bldg.
v BNAPP.
bargain.
must be sold.
JC^iO— North €lde; main tnAlness street south
s^o. the adjoining property cold last
week for $7000; notnlag in the block
filing at under $300 front ft. ; a
who U £n y acf ° f $123 ° tb ™
$T>=:io^^ 1C M t-wt -w. bb * ckln « r X^t Cth-st.
SI° P^,V b * r * t™*** celling afslso
per front ft., yet here you can get 6
~ a v tc ? less thaa vha t the bare
*-a,.sW— Opposite the proposed elte of the
Vv. "? .p&clßc. p&clBc depot; 46x165, running
through from street to street; well im-
proyed. with 6 well-built, modern flats;
rents $132 per month; these rents are
the rents of the Cull times and ehould
be at least 25 per cent higher; main car
line street, and within a few eteps of a
transfer point.
$^s,ooo— Oth et.. few feet from Howard; great
cig lot, with choice improvements; abso-
lutely the cheapest lot on this choice
sc -™ fcu * ln <*« thoroughfare.
sS,. so— Beautiful Presidio Heights flats; up-
to-date in every respect; 6 and 7 rooms
end bath; on Clay street's choicest
block, surrounded by new and up-to-
date improvements on all eides; choicest
re _ residence eectloa In the city.
*S,«jO— so-ft. frontage oa Buchanan St., near
irnloa; 8 flats of 4 and 6 rooms and
bath; first-class condition; rents $72;
saaie tenants for years; improvements
' * Uone co« $8000.
»10,000 — Bryant st.. few eteps from 8d; double
lot, runnltg through to rear street: $5000
bank mortgage can remain; 4 well-built
flat* In good condition.
.5.000 — Harrison st., norm Elda, near Bth; 8-
7w" «tory building; 3 rats; also cottage;
rents $40 50; theee are the rents of the
dull times, which have never been in-
creased.
$C.OoO— Bryant Et.. near 7th; 27:6 frontage;
right in the midst of the activity; an
Immediate Increase in value assured: no
long delay; here Is wnere all the heavy
buyir.g is.
$6,750 — 7th 6t.. near Bryant; 4 flats; first-
class condition; just like new; modern
plumbing; Al investment, with good fu-
ture.
$4,250 — 30-ft. lot on Folsom «t-. near 24th;
• cottage of 5 rooms and bath; in flrst-
daas condition; lot alona worth the price
asked; this is a choice section, with nice
improvements on all sides.
$10,250^ — Folsom st.; ground alone selling In
this block at $425 p«r front ft.; this lot
haa 2 frontages and is improved with 2
otores and Cat of 6 rooms; also cottage
on rear street.
fII.OCO — Bryant st., near Cth; 60-ft. frontage;
this is positively a snap, and the cheap-
est property in the entire section; la
view of the activity in this immediate
section a person is absolutely assured
of a profit of $2000 or more, poeslbly.
even before the sale is closed.
$18,000— Foleora St.. near eth; great big lot.
improved with modern improvements; 2
etores and 3 flats; new plumbing, etc;
the cheapest piece on the street.
NELSON, JOHNSON A CO.,
203 Montgomery St.. opp. Mills Bldg.
F. B. EURRYHNE.
Real Estate. 114 Eutter «t-
SPECIAL LINE OF BARGAINS.
• $27,500 — Sutter St.. near Jones; store with
apartments above: rented extremely low
at $117 50 per month: lot 27x57:6 feet;
last eale in came block was at the rate
of $1250 per front foot: this property it
reasonably worth $35,000 and Is offered
at the price quoted to effect an imme-
'» ciate eale.
J£l 000 — New business comer, close to Van
Ness aye.; store with 5 flats; rents $270
per month; very desirable.
J5.250 — O'FanfH-Et. corner lot with 3 fronts;
house contains 7 rooms and bath: can
be easily converted into 3 flats at a
&rr.all outlay; would pay big returns oa
entire investment.
$40,000— Near Jackson and Polk; 6 magnificent
xr.od«rn Cats of 8 rooms and baths each;
rents $325 per month; permanent ten-
ants; lot over 50 feet front, insuring
plenty of 6unshlne.
5C2.500 — Hayes-st. apartment house; contains
12 apartments of 4 rooms and baths
each: complete in every detail; pays over
1 »er cent clear on tie above amount:
lot nearly C0x137:6; a mortgage of
£20.000 can be had if desired.
f!2.000 — Howard Et.. near Sth; store with lodg-
ing? above; rented entirely too low at
$67 50 per month; lot 25x00 feet.
$12.500 — Close to new Hotel Fairmont; 4 sub-
rtantial bay-window flats: 5 and 8 rooms
and baths each; rents $95 per month;
lot 145x50.
$11. COO — Larkin and Pacific sts.; 3 swell new
flats; 7 rooms and baths each; rents
$100 per month; a bargain.
$10,000 — Near Front and • Commercial ; 2-story
brlek building; rents $7&; lot 25x60; sold
to close an estate.
f25,500 — Must be sold to close an estate, sub-
ject to confirmation of the Superior
Court; north corner on Vallejo et. : 9
elegant modern flats: rents $253 per
month: lot 40x120 ft.; unobstructed ma-
rine view.
$4?,000 — Inside cf Hyde et. : downtown pro-
erty; 15 flats; rents $425 per month; lot
58x155; sold subject to confirmation of
the Superior Court.
$:Ci,oo0 — North comer near the Partt: 9 new
modern flats of 4. 5 and 6 rooms aad
bathe: rents $205; lot 31x100; mortgage
of SlO.OOO at € per cent' can remain if
desired.
$Cl.OO0 — Business corner; best retail street ia
Western Addition: 8 stores with 7 apart-
ment* above: total rental $222 per
month; lot 35xS0 feet.
$31,000 — New business corner. Western Addi-
tion; stores and flats; rents $2SO per
month; transfer point.
I have a choice list of residences and bulld-
\u25a0f? lou — all pricee, ia different parts of the
c:ty.
Get my December catalogue for bargains.
T. B. SURRYHNE. 114 Sutter at.
PALDWIN & STETSON.
317 Montgomery st., near Pine.
Member* of S. F. Real Estate Board.
Rents Collected.
Telephone Grant 137.
C.ty Agents cf German-American and Phoenix
of Hartford Insurance" Companies.
5i"., 000 — Business corner on Pine st.; rents
$5052 per annum; brick bldgs.; 60 feet
«f frontage. --- -
$25,000 — Corner on Filltnore st.: 60 feet of
frontage; Rood improvements; rented low,
at $23&S per annum; stores and fiats.
$15,000 — N>ar California and Jones sts. : rents
$1740 p. r annum; 6 new modern flats and
lot 40 feet front.
$7 500 — Rcnt6 $7SO per annum; Sanchez st.,
near Market: 3 fiats of ti, 5 and 6
room* and bath; in good condition;
25x100.
1 1 4.500— Rent» $1446 per annum: corner near
Third and Brannan «ts. ; good improve-
ments; splendid renting proposition.
$3 750 — The cheapest corner in the Western
Addition; 32:7Hx£7:C; commands fine !
views and eplendid lot for 6 or 8 small
Cats; 15 per cent net can be secured.
$2 750— McAllister »t.; cottage with high base-
ment; can easily be converted into 2
. Cats; lot 25x100.
*^kLPWIN &\u25a0 STETSON. 817 Montgomery St.
HAWKS & SKELTON, '
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$36.000— Front st.. near Clay; brick building
in the wholesale district; lease 4 years
st the low rent cf $170 per month; lot
$12 600^West line of Stelner «t., near Vallejo; '
handsome, modern bouse of 10 rooms;
fine marine view: lot 27:6x110.
$12 500— Modern house. 10 rooms; Devlsacero
et near McAllister; rood location for a
physician; cars at tiand for every part
of the city.
$10 000— Investment paying 6 per cent net;
Bush st_. n«ar Van Ness aye.; 2 front -
ages.
$.•! 250— Flata on Treat aye.. near 20th; street
wide and bltumlnixed; rent* $34; a good
investment. •
« ; seo— Lou on Webster st.. near Green; 25
ZlOtJ- very desirable; Fillmore-st. cars.
<t 500 Lots en south side of Green *t.. near
Fillmore-st. car: oa a bank which gives
a view of the bay; choice neighborhood.
tS 500— Filbert et.. between Hyde and Larkln;
' good ho«s« of 10 rooms; lot 45x137.
* SKELTON,
823 Montgomery st.
SELLING BEAT "the BAND.
ONLY fl 25 A WEEK.
?273_Eifcgant level buildlnr lot*, dose to
rchool; fine car service on Mission st.; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; etoa paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozone is not polluted
\u25a0with dust, and enjoke. to say nothing? of the
fieafily microbe; no interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE ***X™*- W A MONTH .
' $400 for finely located lots 3 blocks south
of the park: electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing In value with every stroke of the
dock; buy now; next week may be too late;
"I'at Goodwin" Is not the only man that ap-
Hviatea tbl« beautiful wectlon; no taxes.
V s W J WHITE COMPANY.' ;;.
28 Montgomery et.. room 8.
FOR sale — Lot and improvements <2 stores and
flat) - northwest corner cf Mission st. ' and
Sycamore aye., between 17th and 1 Sth; lot
80x80. M. J. MADDEN. lg7S'Folsomst.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weakly CaiL
1C paces. In wrapper, for mailing, ?lp« year. 1
JSJEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOn SALES.
LYON & HOAG, llfl Montgomery st.
Send for printed list of property for sale
la all parts of the city.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
SPLENDID BUSINESS CORNER.
$4,650 — Here is an opportunity to get a cor-
ner on the best bueineps street In the
rapidly growing Richmond District, Cle-
ment and 2d aye.; there is a cottage on
the lot which at a email outlay could be
raised and 6tores built; the property
could be made to pay over 12 per cent;
take Sutro electric cars. .
BEAUTIFUL HOME- NEUUI CARS.
$4,6oo— Cozy new residence, 6 rooms and bath,
v^_ very prettily arranged and artistically
finished; good surroundings; near 7th
aye. and California 6t.
FLATS NEAR PARK.
$6,850 — Two splendid flats on Clayton st.. near
Halght. 5 and 6 rooms and bath; large
lot; sunny rooms: make us an offer.
\u0084««« BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$12,000 — 3-story building, store and 8 rooms; 2
flats above, Q rooms and bath each; 4
flats rear building, 3 rooms each; rents
51404; all rented; McAllister st.
BARGAIN— BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$\u0084600—R enU $804; 2-story and attic building:
store and rooms first floor. 8 rooms and
bath above; also rear building, stable
and flat above, 4 rooms and bath; near
Castro and 24th sts. ; lot almost 30 feet
frontage.
BARGAIN— MARINE VIEW FLATS.
$18,500— Rents $1320; Inside of Hyde St., near
Filbert; 4 flats, 's and C rooms and bath;
2 flats in rear, 4 and 5 rooms and bath;
never Idle; lot nearly 50 feet frontage;
a splendid bargain; within a block of
two car lines.
LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery sL
A NEW BLOCK SUBDIVIDED
AT PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
GREAT BARGAINS.
GREAT BARGAINS.
Grand residence and Investment lots front-
ing on I st., 4th, 6th and Parnassus ayes.; only
one block distant from Ellis st. (Park and
Ocean line) on H st. and the world's famous
Golden Gate Park; only one block from Affil-
iated Colleges and Masonlc-ave. cars: close to
the elte s*lected by the city for the Polytech-
nic High School, which will be erected at an
outlay of $350,000; every lot is on the grade;
all the street work is complete; gas, water
pipes and sewers are laid.
PRICES RANGE FROM $1600 TO $2000.
Terms, 1-5 cash, balance 1-2-3-4 years.
Bear In mind that all the street work Is done
and that the block adjoins the Western Addi-
tion, whera land not nearly so well situated Is
celling for twice the money; go out there to-
day and select your lot. as they will surely
cell fast; don't make a mistake; buy the best;
agtnt on the ground Sunday.
LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
MISSION HOMES— EASY TERMS." V-;
$540 cash, balance monthly, same aa rent;
brand new cottages. 4 and 5 rooms and bath;
very prettily finished; all the latest ideas;
large 7-foot basement, attic, gas and elec-
tricity; flne views of surrounding country:
College Hill Tract; price $2700 to $2950; take
Mlssion-st. cars to Rlchland. College or St.
Mary's ayes. Agent on property Sundays.
BARGAIN' MISSION LOTS.
Prices $650 to $1500. :V ,^
Magnificent new tract on Mission St., near
Rlchland aye.; excellent car «ervice passing
tract even' 3 minutes; 25 minutes from fer-
ry; College aye. macadamized and oiled; sew-
\u25a0ers. water, gas and electric service; flne
views of San Francisco Bay; overlooking
new Islals Park, proposed under the Burn-
ham inari for beautifying city; very deep
lots, 150 to 200 feet; modern cottages being:
erected on tract: terms $100 cash, balance on
easy terms; take Miselon-et. cars to Rich-
land, College or St. Mary's ayes.
LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION. BUILDERS. ~~
ATTENTION, SPECULATORS.
See the lots we are selling fronting on Mc-
Allister. Fulton. Willard, Parkslde aye. and
Stanyan et. : these lots face the world's fa-
mous Golden Gate Park and command grand
views of the bay and Marin County moun-
tains: the streets are bituminized; side sewers
are laid to lots.
PRICE, $1650. »:':
One-fifth cash, balance 1 and 2 years; only
ten lots left, including three choice corners;
McAUlster-st. cars pass the property.
LYON & HOAQ. 116 Montgomery st.
$1050 TO $1250— 5150 cash, balance $20 month-
ly; le%-el lots bn 14th and 15th ayes. and H
st., within a few minutes of all the attrac-
tions of Golden Gate Park; thle section Is
Improving rapidly; Ellis-st. cars pass prop-
erty.
LYON & HOAG. 11C Montgomery st.
HANDSOME NEW HOMES.
PRICE ONLY $5750.
Terms, $1000 Cash. Balance $50 Monthly.
Do you want an "up-to-date" horne — one
that is extra well built and contains all the
latest conveniences? We have one for sale
on Castro st., near Duboce aye.; two-story
English basement house: large sunny rooms;
handsome vestibule finished In mahogany and
other natural woods; a swell home at a low
price. The neighborhood is excellent; thirty
expensive houses have been erected In the
block during the past year.
Take Haisht-st. cars to Scott, walk two
blocks south to Duboce aye,
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
HOOKER & LENT.
14 POST ST.
$40,000— Pays 6 per cent per annum; substan-
tial brick building: on First, nr. Market.
$16,500 — 3 new flats of 7-8-8 rooms and bath;
rents nearly $1600 p«r annum; lot 25x I
137:6; on the sunny side of the street;
near McAllister and Pierce sta.
$6,000 — Masonic aye., near Frederick st.; flne
residence of 11 rooms, bath ana fine
basement; grand view front and rear;
4 years old; lot 25x125; a bargain.
$50,000 — A flne Devisadero-st. corner on the flat
ground below Sacramento and O*Far-
rell; nearly 100 feet frontage on Devlsa-
dero st.; Improvements In good -condi-
tion; rents over $300.
$4,soo— Pine St., near Baker; 2 flats cf 4 and
& rooms: brick foundation: lot 25x137:6.
$21,000 — Good Investment on Howard st.. near
2d; 25x165, through to rear street.
$13,000 — 3 modern northeast corner flats, built
less than 2 years; 6, 6, 7 rooms; rented
for over 7 per cent net on total cost
after deducting taxes, insurance, water
and collections; 11 per cent -net on nec-
essary cash; 25x87:6; within one block
of Hyde-et. cars; grand marine view.
$17,500— Rents $140 a month; Stockton st.; 3-
story and basement brick building, al-
rooet new; this is one of the best oppor-
tunities to get a steady income-paying
property.
$s.soo— Rents $500 per annum; lot 25x80 on
Harrison St.. near 3d; splendid Invest-
ment.
$13,500 — Residence fronting- Alta plaza; 14
rooms; sun all day; hardwood floors;
very desirable; large lot.
$I,ooo— Lake St.. near Sth aye.; cottage of 5
rooms and bath; lot 25x100; plenty of
sun and light; cozy and up to date. -
$6,000—2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents
$540 per annum; Bunny side of Post St.,
near Websttr.
$5,000 — Rents nearly $500 per annum; 2 flats
and a rear house; lot 25x75; near Bth
and Howard sts.
For different lists ccc other papers.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Poet st.
A GRAND location for apartments, flats and
corner stores; on California St., east of Pre-
sidio aye.; 175 feet deep; this is by far the
cheapest buy In the Western Addition. Price
and terms at office. Apply HOOKER &
LENT. 14 Post st. \u25a0 .
GET LIST OF CITY PROPERTY! : :
SOME BIG BARGAINS.
$125 each — Choice lots near boulevard at
Ingleslde: see these; the nicest and cheapest
lots In the city; title oerfect.
$1000/— Beautiful and iHghtly lot, 25x100;
Buena Vista Park, near Halght st. ; make an
©2«r.
$1800 — Choice lot, 25x137:2, on Greenwich
St.; easy 'terms; make offer.
$4250—2 new flats, near Point Lobos aye
' Rcihmond: lot 25x120.
$7750 — 2 modern flats and basement* lot
25x110: Fillmore et. near Oak.
$8000— Best bargain in Western Addition;
double lot, near 50x137, with substantial ' 2-
story house. In good order and rented; streets
finished; neighborhood first class.
$11.000— Reduced; 3 elogant flats on Baker
St., near Dark: rents $1080.
$17.500— Large corner on Oak st., near Fill-
more ; 110x102.
$12,500 — An attractive minny home on a
large corner lot. Western Addition; modern
2-story house; 9 rooms, hall and bath; base-
ment, laundry, etc.: gas and electric service-
nice lawn and garden; Includes furniture and
piano; good as sew; room for 2 fiats on rear
of lot.
$27,500 — Corner Bush snd Hyde sts.; rents
near $1500: flne future to this.
$47.500— Large lot, . 62x120 to rear street;
well improved; Eddy St., near Larkln; rents
over $8000. For Dartlculars,- \u25a0
ROTHERMEL A CO., 507 California »t.
ARByou looking for city property or a home
In Berkeley. Oakland or Alameda T Call or
write for what you want; we have come good
bargains. ROTHERMEL & CO.. 607 Cali-
fornla st.
$4750— 0NE of the neatest and prettiest homes
north of the Park; two-story; 7 large rooms,
basement, attic' large bathroom; 6un In
every room; everything, first-class and : well
built; Just - completed; . gas and : electricity
throughout; we can arrange so that easy pay-
ments can be made; easy of access; within
a few step* of three ! lines ; owl cars run all
night in front of block, connecting with all
parts of city;' this Is cheaper than paying
rent or existing in a flat; own your own
home; get this : sunny : house and cultivate a
garden: Golden Gate Park is quite near W.
j. GUNN. 630 California st.
$4500- : -NEW. modern bay-window house; 2
Cats; 4-6 \u25a0 rooms each; concrete founda-
tion; ras and electric lights; - near San-
ches and 29th. , • .
•2575 New. modern cottage; 4 ? rooms, etc.,
attic high basement; near . Chenery and
«Oth ft*. : '- terma, ' \u25a0 .
JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1905.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALB.
O. D. BALDWIN- & BON. '.
240 Bush et.. Mills building.
Members of San Francisco Real Estate Board.
DOWNTOWN— A BARGAIN.
$30,000 — On O'Farroll St., north side, a few
steps from Jones; lot 34:4%-W7:O. with
old building; we have a responsible ten-
ant ready to take lease on <-story build-
ing at a rental yielding a large income
on Investment: the price asked for this
lot Is way below market value; inves-
tigate. f _ ; , - : •• v ..-.•„
DEVISADERO-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$30,500— Very large well-Improved corner, with
stores and 1- flat; -under lease; tenants
make repairs; yields good interest; this
• is a safe Investment and sure to Increase
• in value. .
INVESTIGATH THIS.
$18,000— Fine business corner on . large lot; 2
car lines; on a good business St.; two
stores and flat; rent very low, $05; room
for additional building; see this; it will
suit you.
' . FIRST-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$12,000— Right in the manufacturing and
wholesale region; fine deep lot with old
Improvements; renting steadily, for $83
per month. There Is a good turn in
this, for It Is a snap. -
SIXTH-ST. SNAP. :V'v^V:
$S,soo— Good business lot near Bryant st.j
ground rent J25; lease expires April
next. Do you want anything better?
POST ST. DOWNTOWN— MUST BB SOLD.
$15,000— Bet. Hyde and Larkln: lot 25x137:6;
Improvements pay bank interest; has a
splendid future.
EDDY ST., OPP. JEFFERSON . PARK.
$18,500— Large lot, almost 50 feet by 120 to
rear street; large 17-room house on
Eddy and rear house on Willow st. ; lot
alone is worth $20,000.
RICHMOND CORNER FLATS.
$9,000 — A SE. corner on 3d. aye,. near Cali-
fornia; double lot; 2 flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath each; on macadamized
streets.
PAYS 16* PER CENT ON: EQUITY.
$5,400 — Near Pine and Fillmore; house and
flats- rent $83 per month; mortgage of
§4000; buildings in good order;- lot 50
feet frontage.
WE HAVB CHEAP LOTS IN RICHMOND.
SUNSET AND WESTERN ADDITION. CALL
FOR LIST. ':.";;
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
240 Bush St. Mills building.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO (Inc.),
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
$18,500—50 feet frontage, in the busiest sec-
tion of McAllister st.; with very little
outlay • this property : could be improved
to pay handsomely.
$16,000 — 30x137:0; Post St., near Franklin;
modern house of 14 rooms and baths;
suitable for physician. -•
$15.000— Union st., near Laguna; 60x137:6;
stores and flats renting for $125 per mo.
$14,000 — Sacramento st., nr. Devlsadero; three
up-to-date flats of 7 rooms each; renting
for $110 per month. . .
$13.500 — 51 feet frontage; Webster St.. near
Jackson: old Improvements.
$13,500—25x137:6; California St., near Buch-
anan; two thoroughly modern flats of 7
rooms and bath,, renting for $105 Der
month. • ..•
$12,700 — Baker St., near Golden Gate aye.; 25x
96:10%; Improvements, 3 modern flats
renting for $S7 50 per month.
$",2.50 — 11:3 foot frontage; Larkin et., near
Filbert; 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms, rent-
ing for $50.
$7,100 — 25x123; Sacramento st., near Webster;
2 modern flats of 5 rooms each, renting
for $66.
$7,ooo— San Jose aye., near 25th;* 11 room
residence in> the- sunny belt of the
Mission.
$3,500—25x100; Jackson et., near Walnut;
splendid locality for home.
$6,750 — 25x127 :(J to rear street; Pino, near
Stelnar; good residence of 9 rooms and
bath. - with two flats on rear street.
$5,000 — 50x106:3: east line of Clayton st.,
south of Waller; will subdivide; offer
wanted.
$4,750—25x137:6; Fulton st.. near Central
aye. ; modern cottage of 6 rooms and
bath. ' -
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale.
OLD-ESTABLISHED. ALWAYS RELIABLE.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
LOANS. INSURANCE.
TITLES GUARANTEED.
$4000 — Near Healdsburg, 21 acres rich loam,
slightly rolling; 12 acres fine orchard, 9 years
old; 0 acres bearing wine grapes; 2 acres hay;
modern 6 - room hard-finished house, bath,
pantry, closets, cellar; 6 poultry houses; brood-
er and Incubator houses; large 2-story barn;"
well fenced; $1700 can remain indefinitely;
might trade equity bay home.
$2200 — 14 acres flne soil, 4 miles Santa Rosa;
3-room cottage; family, orchard, barn, .poultry :
houses, good well, tank house; mortgage *sSoo;
trade equity cottage around bay and assume.
$3500 — 20 acres, between Elmlra and Vaca-
vllle, UO miles city; level sediment loam: 10
acres full bearing apricots and peaches, net-
ting $600 this season; large berry patch;- nice
5-room cottage: good barn full of hay; new
windmill and tank; large storehouse; poultry
houses; close to graded" school; $1000 can re-
main.
$12,000 — 112 acres level loam In famous Tur-
lock Irrigation District; close to station; all
checked and 95 acres growing alfalfa; under
hog tight fence; modern 2-story residence, hard
finished, gas, hot and cold water (photos at
this of nee) ; 2 fine barns; carriage - house ;
30,000 gallon cement tank; figs, oranges,
grapes; $6000 can remain; flne Income home.
$5000 — 20 acres rich alluvial soil; banks fine'
creek; 1 mile town; 60 miles city; 10 acres ap-
ricots! 7 acres prunes, assorted fruits, berries
and alfalfa patch; 5-room cottage, large barn,
windmill and tank; complete drying plant: 12
poultry • houses, brooders, 2 Incubators; $500
worth of hens; Jersey cow; 2 heavy horses,
harness; 19 tons hay, wagons, etc. .
$1550 — A crackerjack Sonoma City poultry
farm, 5% acres, half mile depot; cozy 3-room
cottage; brooder house and brooders accommo-
date 1000 chickens; 2 incubators; wire netting
yards; 200 young uullets; buildings all new;
half cash.
$16G0 — Close to Eebastopol and electric cars;
10 acres- 6 acres blackberries, 2 acres straw-
berries and raspberries: fine springs; small
house and outbuildings: half cash. . \u25a0
5'j000— 5% acres full bearing apricots and
prunes - nenr San Jose; cozy 4-room cottage;
barn, windmill and tank; poultry houses; half
cash. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 • -a
$875 down — 7 acres sandy loam, on electric
road, near Santa Rosa; good dwelling, barn,
poultry houses; grapes and berries; $1400. '
$75 per acre^ — 65 acres island land, 12 miles
from Stockton; under irrigation; free water; In
potatoes, * beans, onions, . asparagus and rye
grass- 4 miles statftin; boat landing on place;
old improvements; renU $10 De;- acre; we also
have adjoining place, : 60 acres, with : new
buildings, at $70 per acre.
$3500—150 acres, 2 miles from Columbia; 4
room house, lame barn and about 14 tons of
hay; new farm wagon, spring wagon, buggy,
harness ; 20 head of graded cattle; 4 fine
horses; 200 Plymouth Rock hens; 50 turkeys;
Incubator brooders; farming tools; large out-
side ranee; 20 acres river. bottom under culti-
vation; 3 acres full bearing orchard; 9000-gal-
lon reservoir. . : " . -
55500— Fine roadhouse, 1 mile station. 5 miles
San Jos«: corner 2 roads: 106 acres land, . 22
acres level, balance rolling; <$ acres full bear-
Ing orchard; large house, shade trees; wind-
mill and tank; large stable, , sheds; poultry
bouses; can't be beat.
We are making a specialty of 6 and 10 acre
homes on the electric road between ' Petaluma
and Sebastopol. with or without buildings, . on a
very small payment : down and balance long
term at 5 per cent Interest. See them to-day.
Send stamp for large Printed List. '
26 Montgomery St., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
R. S. BROWNE &; CO.. -
226 Montgomery st., next -to Mills bldg. *
$1500—5 acres. Hay wards; 2 acres vineyard,
1 in mixed fruit, apricots, cherries and or-
anges; 2 acrea pasture; - good house, barn and
chicken-houses; good well of -water. \u25a0
$2500—0 acres; 4-room house and poultry-
house ; place planted : in full bearing apple
trees; barn: everything brand new; a nice lit-
tle home and an ideal place for raising* poul-
try: almost right In town; cheap .transporta-
tion; terms % cash or reduction in price if all
cash. \u25a0 \u25a0 ;.-••-.-• \u25a0 .*:.'.'. \u25a0'.\u25a0-':\u25a0'\u25a0•"\u25a0-\u25a0.''-..'•• .
{500 — One entire acre In good town ; county
seat: new • house and place \u25a0 In \u25a0 bearing . fruit
trees and berries; , good .well and windmill, on
the place: improvements worth money asked;
party can obtain steady employment In facto-
rlen at hahd. \u25a0' \u25a0 ' , - . \u0084 : -.?»-
• Call and see our complete list; can furnish
you with any kind of farms; easy terms. -\u25a0 •-•\u25a0 r
' J. T. NASH. -.-
Manager Country Department. = \u0084_,. ,_, . ; .. ;.
A— ATTENTION, HOME SEEKERS ! , .
We desire to call the attention of
buyers of country lands to some bargains in in-
come-producing orchard, <- vineyard, grain :•• and
stock farms. . many of which are bank foreclos-
ures,, that , we have . for : sale. Mr. : Bush \u25a0 having
had forty . years* knowledge . and experience ; of
the value of, land,*, and "being: the owner-of-an
Income- producing ; orchard and -.vineyard, "\u25a0 can
Intelligently direct intending * buyers --: to - the
best lands ,and bargains in the State. Corre-
spondence solicited, . .;: ' . „
; - '. ; ' ":.',\u25a0 -f \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.- \u25a0 ' - '
DAVID BUSH & SON.' 328 Montgomery st.,
..Room 412, Safe Deposit -building. ••'•
, .- WE WANT owners of and buyers for coun-
.try r«*l ' estate ' to ! drot) \u25a0us ' a card • for our
plan of buylnr and selling." \u25a0»,..-.-. \u25a0--
CALIFORNIA BUYERS' UNIONS
James Flood Building,
'\u25a0 San Francisco," Cal.-.
$1700— CHICKEN • ranch | for sale ; all complete •
• furniture. 6CO hens; c horse • and? wagon; easy
\u0084 terms.' W; WEST, : Penngrove, '? Sonoma \ Co/.
ALFALFA Irrigated ' lands,';: $25 * per Z acre; ; $1 :
.-;. down." $1 - month ; •no \u25a0 Interest. \u25a0 Pamphlets i at '
INDEX LAND & B. CO., 241 = Crossley bld."
REAL ESTATE— COUXTRYr^For Sale.
BARGAINS IN GOOD COUNTRY LAND • v
OFFERED ;BY t CM. WOOSTER CO.
Santa Clara Valley fruit and vine land; sub-
division of the San • Martin Rancho; no better
section for poultry raia)ng;;only $100 per acre;
$14 14 monthly will purchase 10 acres; -save a
little money every, month : and : you '\u25a0 will soon
have a home; ' superb location settled by ; good
people ; . we " will plant and develop : an | orchard
or vineyard for you while your salary goes on;
absolutely the best' offering in California; some
fine young vineyards for sale on easy terms;:
catalogue. y~i"-^- ; -• \u25a0
$6,500—40 acres near Campbell. ', Santa Clara
County; 20 acres '' bearing fruit; • good
house, barn, etc.; j railroad \u25a0 train' stops
at the place; -bare j land - worth « s2oo an
acre;, this is a genuine snap.
, $4,500— 45 acres in Napa County; . 15 ; acres
bearing fruit; "beautiful, location; good
improvements ; abundance : of water. - :
\u25a0/-,-/\u25a0 ..•.';. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0"-.- \u25a0 : !-.;'"• .-': : : ..
$6 per . acre— ls,ooo acres, 7 miles from
"-:\u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0-"\u25a0 Red Bluff; 4000 acres splendid grain
land ; both , railroad and - steamboat
transportation; ; best stock and if grain
ranch in California; 600. acres can be ir-
rigated for alfalfa: little money needed;
: average rainfall 30 1 Inches; will subdi-
vide Into 500 to 1000 acre, farms to good
advantage at double cost price. '.-
$1,700—10 acres bearing vineyard; . Santa
Clara County; fine location; ,$2OO cash,
balance easy terms,
$30,000—2320 acres in Napa County; Vt flne
.level land, balance good pasture; abun-
dance of wood and water; flrst-clase Im-
provements; 150 head of i cattle, :; 15
. horses, all farming Implements;* this Is
a; great bargain...-. .. ,
Early orange and fruit land; at "ElMlrador
Heights, Lindsay; only ?5O to $100 an acre;
earliest oranges In the United States ;" bearing
orchards pay fIOO to $1000 per acre; this land
Is sold on terms to suit; $14 15 monthly If
desired; selling at the rate of 30 acre 3 a' week;
catalogue. \u25a0
. $900 — $5 acres near depot in Santa Clara
County, all in bearing fruit; flne. place
for easy terms. ;
$25 an acre — 1920 acres near Gridley; can.
• be irrigated; good for subdivision; fine
level land ; terms cash. !
Sacramento River ; irrigated . land; splendid
sediment, soil; ?30 to $76 an acre; no better
for peaches, pears, alfalfa, corn and ' sugar
beets; matchless opportunity for small farms;
free water right: water $1 per acre per annum;
famous Boggrs and Packer ranches at Prince-
ton; rail and steamboat transportation; terms
& cash, balance 2-3-4 years; catalogue. ;\u25a0\u25a0>.;
$12,000 — iO acres in the edge of the foothills
near -Saratoga, Santa Clara County;
Ideal location; no frost; no fog; 20 acres
bearing -fruit; fine orange and • lemon
trees; good Improvements; . reservoir,
1,000,000 gallon capacity, fed by,, flne
springs; near proposed lnterurban line.
PALO ALTO.
The best opportunity for investment- now on
the market; magnificent villa lots, 50x150 feet,
adjoining- Stanford University; certain -to ad-
vance In value; streets graded: cement side-
walk: beautiful live oak trees; ,no fog; no
bleak winds: $7 to $10 per month will pay for
one of these lots; do not fail to see this prop-
erty before buying any outside lots; catalogue
REDWOOD CITY. -
$450 for beautiful acre lots Inside city limits;
5-acre tracts. $200 to $450 per acre;-; beautiful
oak, trees; splendid location; cheapest acreage
property on the peninsula: catalogue.;
. . MONTEREY.
Large lots near Hotel Del _Monte; Vista Del
Rey tract; splendid location; "street work done;
lots $100 up; splendid acreage tracts, $100 to
$250 per acre; easy terms; buy now and get
the benefit of the raise in value which Is sure
to come; catalogue.
We have a splendid list of properties
throughout California at owner's lowest prices;
catalocue sent free.'
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648 Market st.
Buy good property.
FOR farms, stock ranches, orchards and vine-
yard lands call or send for catalogue.
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California st.
$10CO — Improved ranch, 100 acres; on main
road to Bartlett Springs, Lake- County: house,
barn, plenty of wood-nnd water; 20 acres
creek bottom for vegetables and alfalfa; make
oiTer.
$1400 — Beautiful farm. 5 acres rich land; at
Uklah; good house and barn,- orchard, etc.;
improvements alone cost the price asked.
$1050 — Farm; 9% acres; 5 miles from Moun-
tain View; with small house, barn and
orchard; • Includes horse and wagon, '.'poultry
and implements. \," "
$2250 — Fine poultry farm; 5 acres; rich gar-
den land; near Petaluma: new house, barn and
chicken sheds; easy terms.
\u0084s3ooo—W ant offer: fine fruit farm, 24 acres;
near Vacaville: 7-room house, barn, well, etc. ;
all In orchard: absent owner will sacrifice.* '.'
$2400-rNlee ranch, 30 acres, near Yountville,
Napa, with house, barn and outbuildings:
stone ceilar: Includes -\u25a0 implements,. -horse and
buggy.*- 3. cows, about 200 chickens, etc.; a rare
bargain.". ".- *---•\u25a0 ;r \u25a0»-.•;.\u25a0- \u25a0; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0:. :. ;:
$5 50 ' an \u25a0 acre ' only; 312 ! acres on Russian
River and at railroad station In Mendoclno
County; ' several . hundred acres level bottom
and plateau, land; rich- soil for grain, -alfalfa'
and fruit; rest in hill, pasture and wood land;
nearly enough wood to pay for the land. -•• .-; >\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0:
$3500 — Improved ranch, 165 acres; 9 acres
orchard and vineyard, 30 In grain; good house
and barn: plenty of wood and water; see this.
$3000— 2SO acres; an ideal mountain home,
near Napa; 2-story house, barn, orchard and
vineyard ; ret particulars.
$3600 — 155 acres; reduced; healthy location;
near Los Gatos; house," barn and 18 acres
orchard; plenty of wood and pure water; easy
terms. r
$4300— Fine farm, 65 acres; rich bottom land;
adjoining 1 Livermore; with house, barn and
walnut orchard: a bargain: easy, terms. -
$0000 — Fine ranch, 40 acres rich valley land;
24 acres in orchard: nice 7-room house and
barn: half a mile from Napa.
$10,000 — Stock ranch, 1560 acres, near Skaggs
Springs, Sonoma County; all fenced; has good
building*, orchard 'and rarden and hay. fields;
abundance of wood, and running water will
keep over 1000 sheep or cattle and hogs; de-
ceased owner lived there thirty years. - :
$12,500 — Ranch. 2000 acres, on Albion River,
with railroad \u25a0to shipping point; good ! house,
barn and outbuildings; several hundred' acres,
part bottom land; for .Cultivation; rest is hill
pasture and stump land ; income about - $3000
a year.' . - . • •
$10,000— -Winery and 4 acres, with buildings
complete, and all cooperage; widow 'ls -settling
estate; a bargain. • :
$25,000— G00d investment ; '. 652 . acres, with
half a j mile, frontage -on ' bay': near Martinez,
and on railroad, with buildings; fine dairy and
farm 1 land: \ also jrood site for manufacturing.
$25 an acre — 1000 acres \u25a0 tule and vegetable
land, with house and outbuildings; pays good
interest. , / :""
Redwood ' timber lands In lots' to * suit from
160 : to 10.000 or more acres. For ; particulars
call at office. '
ROTHERMEL & CO., SO7 California St., S. F.
GET i our ' new catalogue of . country property;
we" have the largest and-best selected list of
fruit : and poultry farms, Btock i ranches, al-
falfa ; and timber lands. ROTHERMEL &
CO., 507 California st. . • /:
(8 00 PER acre^ — 3000 acres in Humboldt Co. ;
the best watered land in the county; all
fenced and cross-fenced..
$260 per acre — 2)4 -miles 'from Redwood City;
4 acres in young assorted fruit \u25a0 trees.
$1500—12 acres ; 25 miles from San Francisco;
\u0084 no better land to 'be found; : good » little
bearing orchard: small dwelling and some
outbuildings; all . fenced : and fronting on
, !/-\u25a0\u25a0' good road; one mile to depot; both rail and
water transportation.
$1600—31 acres; 8% miles from Napa; 'suitable
for a. chicken- ranch; 4-room house; large
new barn;; family 'orchard; 20 acres culti-
vated; living stream of water- school V,
\u25a0 . mile. 1 \u25a0 \u25a0 -.',. . - - -
$1500— Lot 100x200; neat 4-room cottage, etc.
$2200—2 acres neaV Berkeley; 7-room house,
barn and well ; . fitted up for poultry \u25a0 and
- pigeons ; . sell . or exchange.
$2500— Grand aye. , near Orange aye.. Elm-
. hurst, Alameda ; Co. ; 2, frame cottages; -4
rooms each ; -\ rented ;• for $30 ; per > month •
- /..buildings only 3 years old; small stable'
j only ;3 \u25a0 blocks \u25a0 from • cars ; ; fruit " trees ' on
\u25a0-.;'••; place ; we : will -\u0084 trade . for "- San - Francisco
\u25a0; '\u25a0 .-';. ;,-. improved property.
$2600 — 6 acres on San Pablo Creek; . back of
Berkeley; all: fitted up for. poultry; \ good
• buildings: fine, flowing stream; delightful
„ '\u25a0"\u25a0.• shade and, some \u25a0\u25a0 fruit \ trees ; jno fog, ma-
.~. larla \u25a0or mosquitoes.' ;-
$3760—10 acres; \u25a025 miles from 8. ; F. • highly
improved and' thoroughly equipped \u25a0\u25a0 for
•; poultry ;V% mile to ; depot. ;\u25a0"",-.*>-,
$4000— Nar>a ! Co.; ; I^4 miles from' St.- Helena-
» \u25a0; fine grape land;;6-room house wlth~bath-
. ;wlne cellar; barn 60x24; chickens; pigeons'
, \u25a0 ";-' spring ; j wagon r and „; horse. ~ •\u25a0
$5500— Shasta Cf>.;; 44o acres- 3 "mile; from : ; Cot-
,. tonwood;,l2o acres Improved;, good 6-room'
i '-''.. house: barn and ' 4 horses;:the whole-place
tillable; -spring; on place; iwllj:: trade; for
- city : or ' Oakland; real estate.- - ; \u25a0 \u25a0
$5650— 3 ; acres in East ' Oakland.' wlth : 10- room
. \u25a0 2-story ' residence, barn; : tank, - etc
' D. W. , CARMICHAEL CO., r
Bonds.- -^ : 232 ' Montgomery st. < v * Insurance.'
t ..-. <'\u25a0: i n Branch; of fice— 2s43 . Mission . gf . . /\u25a0:; < •
.TO rent— Stock ranch -of 1 420 1 acres for | $500 a"
* year:: 1 stock for t sale ;:• this; place h has i every
'\u25a0• convenience ; ' \u25a0\u25a0 modern \u25a0\u25a0' 10- room \u25a0"< h,ouae, - i f ur-
'v \u25a0 nished ; barn,- chicken-houses,' chickens, fruits
and ' flowers; < delightful : climate ;>\u25a0 located : 40
miles ' from the city : *an : exceptional s oppor-
tunity. ' PACIFIC, BUSINESS 'ASSOCIATION,"
• \u25a0\u25a0' 3 '.Taylor fat.v.-?- •\u25a0" -:'--'--v \u25a0'-\u25a0 \u25a0-'\u25a0: \u25a0"- ' •\u25a0\u25a0•'"' \u25a0 \-' : \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0--\u25a0\u25a0:
FOR' SALE— S2OOO; ? 26-acre '. ranch, s mile and ;
'a- half < northeast of* Suisun;^ 6-room I house; ;
large - barn,"* windmill ? and ; tank; ? all f. fenced ;
flne •. valley .'• land.' wv Apply ,' to 1 owner, 'j J. r. A.
ANDERSON, 1506 ; Seventh st.," Oakland.*
yjg^^^yj^E^COUNTjßJT--- For^Sale.
OLD ESTABLISHED, ALWAYS RELIABLE.
,W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
LOANS, : -: INSURANCE,
- TITLES GUARANTEED.
$4000— 21 acres, close to Healdsburg, Sonoma
County ; rolling • loam land ; 12 acres U-year-old
orchard, . 6 acres bearing ; wine grapes, 2 acres
hay; large spring, • water piped to building and
yards; 15 • hydrants; new, hard finished resi-
dence, 6 rooms, bath pantry, closets, '- cellar ;
0 large poultry-houses, brooder and Incubator
houses ; j large, 2-« tory I barn ; well fenced ; $1700
can remain Indefinitely; might trade house and
good lot. \u25a0 - <
$6500—320 acres, near Duncans Mills, Sonoma
County; half mile station; 60 acres under culti-
vation; nearly all level ana beats the world for
large crops of hay and corn ; 4 acres bearing
orchard, mostly apples; *4 acres . bearing table
and wine grapes; 7-room house; large barn for
cattle and horses; 26 living springs; balance
redwood timber, • cruises 3,000,000 . feet, alone
worth $5000; mortgage, s3soo can remain; con-
sider property In San Joaquin Valley in ex-
change. \u25a0 .\u25a0- \u0084'•\u25a0' _
$4500—60 acres level land, close to Merced; 0
acres prunes 5 acres olives, 10 acres fine stand
alfalfa; on main ditch; ruoaern, 6-room housj,
bath, cement cellar; \u25a0 steei - windmill and tank;
large , barn, granary, poultry- houses; fine la-
come. <•-; ."\u25a0-\u25a0-\u25a0 ' .-\u25a0• •„ \u25a0: \u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0 : . K"> ' \u25a0 \u25a0
$2500— 40 acres level valley land;l% rallen
beautiful little city of Orland; modern, 7-room
house; 2 good barns, windmill, poultry-houses;
fine yard and shade tree*; olives, oranges,
peaches, pears, grapes and berries raised la
profusion on place; $1000 down, balance 7 P*r
cent. .
$3500—150 acres best ranch: in Tuolumne
County; 2 miles town; 20 acres rich land under
cultivation; several thousand acres free range;
3 acres bearing orchard and berries; 4-room
cottage; large barn; poultry-houses and out-
buildings galore ; new rarm wagon, spring
wagon, buggy; several sets harness; 24 head
cattle, some \u25a0 thoroughbred Jersey cows; 4 fine
horses; 250 Plymouth Rock hens; -hogs, tur-
keys; cement reservoir^ 8000 gallons; large in-
cubator, 3 brooders.-
s4soo— One acre; fine railroad town, San Joa-
quin County; etore.and saloon, good fixtures
and Etock; fine trade; 5-room cottage; storti-
house; large hall; blacksmith shop and tools;
brooder and poultry-houses; well, windmill and
tank; present owner made rortune.'
$4500 — 20 acres sandy loam; 1 mile Sebasto-
pol; 12 acres full bearing Zinfandel grapes;
some orchard and young vines; nice 4-room
ccttage; barn, outbuildings.
- $3750—15 acres dark alluvial coll; main road
Santa Rosa to Bebastbpol; 6 acrea bearing or-
chard ; 4 acres - vines 3 years old ; modern, s-
room house and bath; nice barn; 2 welle.
$3500 - cash— Bo acrea level alluvial valley
land. 4 miles Elmlra. 60 miles city; 16, acres
full bearing wine grapes; 3 acres choice fruit;
plenty wood; 5S acres heavy stand grain; neat
4-room cottage;: stable full hay; 2 fine horses,
buggy, harness, etc. : . '
$iooo— lB^4 acres; adjoins Walnut Creek; 8
acres in full bearing orchard, 4 acres in grapes,
5 acres in oat hay; modern house of 0 rooms,
with. bath, patent closet, hot and cold water;
large barn; 1 large poultry-house, 12x50 feet; 1
double poultry-house, 10x12 feet; 1 brooder-
house, 12x30 feet, all with wire yards; 3 wells,
windmill, tank, water piped to house, barn and
other grounds; no better place for the chicken
business; half cash. -
$5000—20 acres of sandy loam 3 miles south-
east of Lodl on good roatf; S acres in Zinfan-
dels, 2% acres Black Prince, SVj acres Flaming
Tokays, 3 acres in almonds; 12 cherry, I-
peach. 12 apricot 0 pear tt orange trees; half
acre in alfalfa, half acre In berries and vege-
tables; 4-room house with pantry and running
water; barn, toolhouse, windmill and tank;
large reservoir; chicken-houses, together with
barn full of hay, also stack of hay, 1 stack of
straw, 2 ; horses, 2 wagons, set of blacksmith
tools set of carpenter tools, 1 harrow, ,1 plow.
2 cultivators, ; 1 set weed cutters, mower aud
rake. 2 dozen chickens, pigeons and a large
pile of firewood.
$4500—16 acres. 1 acre In vineyard, good coll;
water piped from spring to house, barn, etc.;
5-room house; stable, chicken-house; 2 horses,
cow, spring wagon, 150 chickens go with place;
2% miles from Hayward. :
$25 per acre — 100 acres, 3 miles northwest of
Clements; good farm land, with good 6-room
house, windmill, tank and tankhouse; good well
of water; three-fourths of the place fenced hog
tight; good barn, sheds and other buildings;
about 3 acres of orchard and vineyard; some
timber on the land.
$45 per acre — Beautiful stock or dairy ranch,
fenced and cross-fenced; abundant spring wa-
ter; elegant farmhouse of 9 rooms and bath,
hot and cold water; garden of beautiful flowers
and trees; family orchard of 6 acres; 40 acre*
rich level land for alfalfa, balance rolling but
tillable; barns, sheds, mllkhouse, poultry-
houses and other outbuildings; half mile from
postofflce, schools and churches, 1 mile from
railroad station. 8 miles from Hay wards; 408
acres.
$2600— 20 acres In alfalfa on Irrijration ditch;
1 mile from Manteca creamery and 12 miles
from Stockton; school one mile away; rural
free delivery; good roada; 4-room house, barn.
wlndmil_and tankhouse; if. desired 17 head of
stock will be sold, \u25a0 with,, separator,; and all
farming appurtenances. *\u0084 .' '.
$5000 — 13 acres, 3 miles from Martinez, fine
location; adjoining station on the Santa ,Fe
Railroad; good, hard-finished house of 6 rooms,
a large, dry cellar; toolhouse, barn, chicken-
houses and yards; well, windmill, tank, water
piped to -house and barn; 2 large rainwater
tanks; 15 acres of bearing wine grapes, 2 acres
of assorted orchard . and vineyard ; very nicely
located on main county road. .
$5500 — Corner 2 fine roads, 1 mile station, 5
miles San Joee; roadhouse; hall, ..large barn,
uhed3, poultry-houses;; windmill and tank; lOtl
acres of land; 22 acres rich level soil, balance
rolling; 6 acres bearing prunes; shade trees.
Can you beat this for a money-maker?
$4*00—10% acres at El Verano, 10 minutes'
walk Sonoma City: 4\i acres bearing vines; 3
acres almond a; aaeorted fruit; fine roads -on 3
sides; new. modern, harJ-flnlshed house of 7
rooms, bath, clothes and china closets; two-
Btory stable. 3 stalls, carnage-room; poultry-
houses, brooder-house, 15U0 chicks; 2 large in-
cubators; fenced; 10 fields with wire netting;
furniture and range; buggy cost $225; spring
wagon; 2 sets harness; SCO- hens; sold on ac-
count of death. .* ;
$350 down — 7 acres sandy loam, near Sebas-
topol and electric cars ; good house and barn ;
family orchard; rural delivery; $1SOO; others.
$75: per acre— lsland land, 12 miles city of
Stockton, 4 miles. railroad station; boat landing
on place; 60 • acres, ; potato, onion, asparagua
and rye j land; rents $10 per acre; irrigation
ditch, free water; old buildings; also place that
adjoins this one with j new buildings of 60 acres
similar lanil at came price.
$95 per . acre — ICO acrea of Island land on
main river, : 6 miles Stockton, opposite the fa-
mous Pierce dairy;; potato, onion and grain
land; good house, barn, windmill \u25a0 and tank;
plenty, of .water for irrigation; steamer landing
on place; rent $10 per acre. , .
$875 down— 7 acres near Santa Rosa, on elec-
tric line; house, barn, poultry-houses; 2 acres
grapes, 1 acre berries; price $1400. .-.
$32,000 — 610 acres, one mile from town; 60
miles city; creek : through place covers, it .with
sediment annually .- and unsurpassed for corn,
potatoes, - onions, etc. ; all bottom land; well
fenced and cross-fenced into 1 10 fields; -water
near surface; water piped to buildings and
\u25a0yards; windmill arid 10,000-gallon tank; rail-
road-passes through place; suitable alfalfa- 3
wells and large reservoir; barn 58x100; barn
58x60; barn 21x30; large wagon and toolhouse;
granary, cement cellar; modern 7-room dwell-
ing; fine Income. ,•\u25a0;
$16,500 — General farm and dairy, comprising
320 acres of rich soil; one mile of station and
creamery; Marln County: good 2-story- resi-
dence, S rooms and bath; adjoining 3-room
house for employes: 2 large barns ;' mllkhouse ;
3 large springs; , water piped :to house . and
grounds; family orchard ;" shade trees; : large
crops hay, grain : and potatoes; average rental
•past 5 years, $750. .
$25 per aero— 4CS acres .hill land, g miles
either Mayfleld or Mountain View; highest part
natural lake, fed by springs on place; sufficient
to supply neighboring towns and Irrigate .a
large body .. of ; alfalfa; : ftne place - for -, resort,
boating,' etc. ; email house, \u25a0 saloon and restau-
rant, 'stablee,\ etc. '\u25a0'\u25a0:\u25a0 r. ...-;.,
$6250— Make your own terms; 40 acres in the
famous Lodl > fruit belt; 30 acres full bearing
orchard. , half peaches, balance apricots and
prunes; .: modern B-room cottage;, large, well-
built barn; frulthouse; windmill and tank; all
necessary outbuildings ; - farming , Implements • 3
horses, cow. buggy, -wagon, etc.; 3 miles of
town; 1 mile of school ; can borrow two- thirds
price easy.
ALFALFA LANDS. •
$30 per acre, only half ca«h; on main Stan-
islaus Irrigation ditch, ' 3 miles of Rlpon, near
creamery, where milk is shipped to city dally:
70 miles San ; Francisco; level . sandy loam, all
ready to run laterals ; close to church an J
schools. ' ' ' '.' \u25a0\u25a0" \u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0 •'*.:'.- ' .
-$75 per acre— Subdivisions of 10 acres up, 2W
miles of Lodl; famous melon and tokay section-
alfalfa of the best; school on. tract; fine homes
on all sides.: • \u25a0' ';"-'\u25a0,:\u25a0-, " '
- : $25 per * acre — Under irrigation; In popular
alfalfa and - dairy section | Known as I Maneccta
district; sandy soil; good roads; close to school.
: . FRUIT AND POULTRY' RANCHES. ,
1 $5600—18 ' acres l fine ; black \u25a0 loam at ; Mountain
View "39 miles city; level, 'sprinkled road; rural
delivery: adjoining residences .of well known
millionaires; 8 acres Blenheim apricots, 5 acres
hay 2 ? cottages, 3s3 s rooms each; 6000-gallon
tank; Incubator and brooder-houses; 12 poultry-
houses- wire netting yards; stable, corrals, etc.;
running ; stream ; i dam erected j creates artificial
lake for<boatlng;;masslve oaks adorn property.
< $18 000 — ICO acres i alluvial loam on the Bl k -
Ranch road,.: 2 miles •„ of Napa i City ; a elegant
modem \u25a0 residence, v baths, •>: clothes t; and y china
closets,'- fi large s rooms, \u25a0 hand i decorated, : hard-
wood - floors: '\u25a0; large grounds ; ; stables, j carriage-
house " grounds, outbuildings; ; 3 , acres choise
fruit- 5e11? 25 -acres,'? with improvements, for
SSOOO; might 'trade good bay i property. ,"-\u25a0;
$3000-^420 <; acres,' 2 \u25ba miles ; poßtof flee. -\u25a0 Napa
County; ; l7o acresirich valley- land; raises fine
corn and'graln:ifenced;lnto t! fields; 2500 corda
standing " timber: ', 3 ' large i springs; - old house. < 4
rooms; large barn; 5 young horses, buggy horse;
farm wagon; mowing machine: tools; furniture ; :
poultry; : part cash; might trade. \u25a0:• ;•..-,; • . .-,
Send stamp -for the largest 'printed list pub-
lished ion the coast.' Property handled at bed-
rock Drtces and on exclusive contracts only.- •\u25a0
,™*'t;%W.? J.. WHITE , COMPANY,. - „ ,
26 \ Montgomery ) st..l room B.; Phone Main ; C7Qj^
\u25a0 \u25a0- :•"••• '> : G,-";.n.--V: i SS;pERfACRK.' — : ",r"-- :'-,,:'.
. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0 700 ' acres J fine -" stock t ranch ; i plenty; water; :
family orchard.^ vegetable, garden; • buildings
:-..' and . stock; . all, for $3500;: departure; , flna bar-
\u25a0f JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market iitV S.-F.'-;''
PA YING^i roadhouse; J'steady;-* boarders. H barn^'
'stable, etc; 1 acre of land. ..Box 2SOS, Call.
REAL ESTATE— COUKTRY— For Sale. :
| $ $ $ $ .$» $ -$_, $ . .
I EXTRA GOOD THINGS J
* For sale by - *
5 BURR-PADDON COMPANY. *
$ (Incorported.). „, J
$ 40 Montgomery St., Saa Francisco, Cal. *
$ $ISOO— Elegant 5-acre tract la Redwood *
* City, covered with magnificent oaks;, a-9a -9
$ ' most lovely home site. • \u25a0 J
$ : $12,600— 38& acres; all in choicest *
!l bearing apples; situated near Watson- ?
$ ville. Santa Cruz County; on flne level $
$ oiled road; adjoining a beautiful lake; *
* R. X; D., telephone, etc. ; guaranteed la- $
II come of $5000 a ' year. This will stand *
$ the very closest investigation. . 5
* $16,000—30 acres highly Improved right *
$ adjoining 3. P. station, main line S. P. \u2666
JR. R.. beautiful 12-room modern rest- *
$ dence. 3 bathrooms.'. gas lighted through- $
$ out;, improvements cost about $15,000; $
$ owner is \u25a0 leaving California and wishes . *
$ to sell immediately; hunting and fish- $
$ ' ing abound. :
:» $7000— 70. acres sediment land, highly $
$ Improved, near Walnut Creek, *> mile of \u2666
§ depot, 14 miles of Oakland; flne for al- >
:; falfa or vegetables. * \u2666
If $7000—50 acres adjoining Livermore. *
! I Alameda Co., 33 acres in full bearing - $
(..vineyard, producing a sure income of $
5 $2500, aa high as $3000 a year; 6-room. $
1! hard finished house in good condition; \u2666
$ 60x64 barn, large stable, granary, chick- $
$ en-houses, etc.; 3 good horses, 3 cows,' $
$' surrey, 2 wagons, cart and all kinds of $
$ Implements: owners aro old and wish $
I! to retire; if you want a bargain look $
ii this up quick, as it will not last long. $
! > . $2COO — 10 acres of the richest bottom $
$ land near Mountain View, Santa Clara $
$ Co., 1 mile from the depot; this Is dirt $
II cheap. ' $
$ DAIRY RANCH AT A BARGAIN. $
{ i $50 an acre— l3oo acres level leveed $
$ land; 2 miles from Lathrop. near Stock- $
$ ton; this ranch is known as the finest $
$ dairy ranch in the San Joaquin; all ad- »
$ Joining land held at $75 an acre. f
1 PALO ALTO. |
$ $9000— The most elegant home site south. $
S of San Francisco; 3 miles from Palo 9
$ Alto; contains 6S acres: beautiful oaks; $
$ overlooks the whole Santa Clara > al- $
Ii ley and Bay of San Francisco from the *
$ ferry building to San Jose in one mag- $
$ niflcent panorama.,
$ BARGAIN. »
$ SNAP *
$V.i ."-\u25a0:\u25a0:• BARGAIN. ' f
$ $1450—10 acres; only 5 miles south, of }
$ city of San Jose: V, mile of depot; 5
$ " choicest level loam soil; Just think, only 5
$ 5 miles from a city of 30,000; this would $
$, be cheap at twice the money. See it at $
$ once. , f
$ $12 500—225 acres level land almost ad- J
$ Joining Livermore. Alameda Co.; 16 acrea $
S bearing vineyard; good 6-room residence. »
$ flne larg© barn, stables, chlcken-housea. $
$ windmill tank; this place must be sold $
$ immediately, as the owner must have the $
$ money; easily worth $16,000 or $1..000. J
$ $1450— 5-acre poultry ranch in Llver : *
$ more; 2 complete sets of buildings, beau- *
$ tlful grove of trees; if you want a bar- *
$ gain in a poultry, ranch here It is. j
$ See us and save money. •
$ BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery at.. $
$ San Francisco. Cal. 5
S \u0084 .,-, \u0084,,.,,, \u25a0 . . i
CHICKEN, berry, vineyard, orchard; land Im-
proved and unimproved. 10 acres, all in ber-
ries and trees $1600; couple hundred down.
, Chicken ranch*. 5 acres: $600. 7 acres In
young vineyard. $1100; small payment down.
Chicken ranch, 15 acres, $1750. 10 acres,
$1750 all in Logan, black raspberries and
strawberries and apole trees; part cash. 20
acres, $2000. 10 acres, $1000. 5 acres, $800.
30 other places; all make good chicken and
fruit ranches; near school, electric station.
' store and 3 towns. The neighbors gave 'me
their land to sell, as well as my own, there-
by keeping It out of agents' hands, who will
make you pay a big commission, and as you
might be my near neighbor I will tell you
the good and bad points of all the places.
Buy direct of owners; no adobe, sandy loam;
good water; rural mail: chicken paradise; on
electric R. R-. between Petaluma and Se-
bastopol. Come any day but Saturday; get
oft at Hessel station. Easy terms; long
time: cheaper than . rentln?. CHARLES
GLOECKNER, Sebastopol P. 0.. Sonoma Co.
GOOD farm. 163 acres. 8 miles from Oakland;
$125 per acre. GILBERT WYMAN, 27th aye.
and East 16th. Fruitvale. CaL Tel. Brook 123.
A STAMP brings our free catalogue of country
land. BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery
st., San Francisco.
SPN.VYVALE REAL ESTATE. -
SUNNYVALE.
Down the peninsula, midway between Palo
Alto and San Jose, when the cut-off is fla-
Ished. will be only 40 minutes' ride from Third
and Townsend sts. It Is growing faster than
any 'town on the coast ' division, being sur-
rounded by the most prolific lands la Santa
Clara County, where can be grown cherries,
apricots, prunes, apples and pears; also In th*
artesian belt, alfalfa, berries, vegetables, gar-
den seeds and flowers. . Sunnyvale is also des-
tined to be the manufacturing center of the
Paciflc Coast and It is already the home of
The Goldy Machine Co.. ; who early in the
year will give .employment to hundreds of
hands: also the home of the Jubilee Incubator
Co.. whose immense plant is now in full
operation. One of the largest green fruit ship-
ping houses have located and will give em-
ployment to 100 hands for 8 months la the
yeai. No place oilers the advantages that
Sunnydale does for the home-seeker. Lots
from $50 up, and % acre, acre and 5-acre
tracts for sale. Good schools, churches, stores,
bank, lnmber yards, weekly newspaper. Come
down and look us over or write for maps and
catalogues. ' .
SUNNYVALE LAND COMPANY,
W. B. CROSSMAN CO.. Sole Agents, Sunny-
vale. Cal. •
POINT RICXUIOM) REAL 'ESTATE.
POINT RICHMOND.
POINT RICHMOND.
POINT RICHMOND.
POINT RICHMOND.
POINT RICHMOND.
LOTS $50 UP.
LOTS $50 UP.
LOTS $50 UP.
LOTS $50 UP.
LOTS $50 UP.
$1 00 DOWN. $1 00 A WEEK.
- NO INTEREST! NO TAXES I
Directly on Car Line' v .'-.«
Point Richmond is Growing Rapidly!
Our Lots Offer Good Opportunity to Investors!
PACIFIC REALTY CO.,
PACIFIC REALTY CO.,
PACIFIC REALTY CO.,
4t9-420 GRANT BLDO., S. F.
Cor. Market and 7th. Tel. South 1070.
MAJtm COUJTTY REAL ESTATE.
ROSENTHAL TRACT.
NOW. ON SALE.
This magnificent property; lying midway be-
tween Ross and San - Anselmo. comprising a
tract : of over 300 . acres .of . the choicest resi-
dence property in this delightful euburb, has
just been placed on tbe market in lots to suit
purchasers. ' Commands aa . unsurpassed view
of Mt. Tamalpais and the entire valley.
From $300 to $600 per acre.
.This is by far the cheapest of any. property
offered Jn ; this • \u25a0 choice . suburb; less than 10
minutes' walk from either station.
Don't wait until the choicest are sold; easy
terms if desired. .
Maps and particulars of
F. B. SURRYHNE. Sole Agent,
• \u25a0 \u25a0 '.:;--\u25a0; . . 14 Sutter st. .
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE.
I WILL GIVE YOU $500 l
-. \u25a0*; " \u25a0\u25a0'. " i . . - . -
4— MAGNIFICENT LOTS— i.
85x120— EACH— O3.xl2Oi
Situate on corner and the sunny side of the
best street In ELMHURST, one block from
electric cars: cost present owner $1600* you
can have this for $1100.
Adress P. O. Box 14, Elmhurst.
A CORNER lot In Elmhurst, 50x140. 2% blocks
from \u25a0 school, for $125.. H. GRAY. 468 Elev-
enth st.. Oakland. -..--\u25a0 - > .- ...
_ BURLINGAME REAL ESTATeT~
AA— WHY : buy ; outside of the town 'of Bur-
llngame when you caa buy choice lots right
in the ."hub" . Itself of the Howard estate for
the same money. „ Wise ones hava bought and
are .building homes there, because the loca-
tion is right and. there Is sound value In th»
property. Large lots. , 60x150. and larger
.prices, $450 and. up; easy terms and low in-
terest;- wide : avenues, streets graded and
sewered.. water plp«» laid. In short time this
property only : 23 minutes from the city. If
. you want, the best lots for home or. to hold
for a raise buy the Howard property. r Send
for map and price list to Howard Estate 200
< Sansome st.. room a; phone Main 632. Local
\u25a0 office ~ right : at ; tbe * "Hub" ' " In Burllngame.
: Aeent l on rround everyday.
- - ?/ PALCT ALTO? REAL ESTATE.
CO-OPERATIVE ' Land , and Trust Co. ar» th»
- -owners of large blocks of real estate in 'Vac
. Twin ", Cities,". Palo' Alto = aad ' Mayfleld, the
Stan ford > University towns; large: lots, $300
and up; cement walks; graded streets, etc. ;
' small . monthly payments:: country, property;
houses -\u25a0 for _ rent. _ San Franc/ sco office. - 720
: ... Market •„ phone : Front : 31. Salesmen wanted.
: MARIX COUXTY REAL' ESTATE.
$550— HOUSE "- barn 1 , and 1 lot, ' 50x200. \u25a0 J. E.
„ LEWIS. \u25a0 Kentfleld, Marln County.":
HAYWARD REAL ESTATE.
\ -P. WILBERT.
Real Estate and' Insurance.
ZVj acres; about 2 acres la young fruit; bal-
ance good for hay and early peas; 2 miles
from town: $800.
7 acres; 2 acres ia fruit and vineyard; house.
5 rooms, barn, chicken-houses, well, mill and
tank; horse, buggy, harness and, farmiaz
iinplemeats: ICO chickens; $3600.
2 acres; 4-room house; small barn; chicken-
houses; some fruit; only $1600.
4 acres; 'house, 5 rooms, barn, numerous
chicken-houses, well, mill and tank; about 600
chickens: fiorse. buggy, harness, fanning Im-
plements; Incubator; flne chicken ranch; all
stocked and doing bu&ness: $4000.
5 acres. 2 acrea of which U la fruit, fall
bearing; house. 4 rooms and bath, barn, chick-
ea-houses. brooder-house, well, mill and tank;
woodshed, pigeon-house, iacubator; fanning
Implements; • 200 chickens, mostly 'pullets;
?3750. -
8 - acre*; about 6 acres In fruit; house. 4
rooms and storeroom; barn, chicken-houses,
brooder-house, well, mill and tank; fruit cut-
tin? house, sulphur house, trackage, trays and
fruit boxes; horse, harness, wagon, spring
wagon: incubator, chickens and farming uten-
sils; sold this year $SOO worth of fruit from
the place; a splendid investment; price only
$4500.
No safer Investments) can b* found in ths
Stato than these rropertles: all near town,
good schools and flnw climatic condition. Ap-
ply to P. WILBERT. 529 Castro St.. Hay-
ward. Cal.
$1750— 10«4 ACRES; unimproved: fln» soil;
splendid location; H4 miles frotn electrio
cars; 1 mile from school; $750 down, balance
small payments: this Is a snap.
Our new subdivision lots of frotn: J to 5
acres each; $300 down, balance to salt par-
chaser; no interest: no taxes.
$5000—17 acres; fine soil; 4 acres grape#,
2 acres orchard: bouse. H rooms, barn,
chicken- houses, brooder-houses, etc; 100
chickens, horse, wagon, buggy, harness,
plows, etc; good location; 2% miles from'
Hayward.
$4COO— 9 acres, mostly In frnit: no build-
ings; flne soil; 1 mile from Hayward.
$3700—7 acres. 4 acres fruit: balance vege-
table soil; modern house of 5 rooms, cath.
etc.; barn, 3 chicken- houses; 3*4 miles from
Hayward.
$2000 — 2 acres fruit aad berries: 6-roos»
house, barn, chlckea-hous* aad> yard, eta; 3
blocks from, P. O.
$1750 — 2 acres: new 3- room houss and at-
tic; good vegetable ground; mil-* from
electric cars.
RAMAGEt & STANTON 1 .
Castro St.. near A. Hayward.
SAX MATEO REAL ESTATE.
SAN MATEO COUNTY REAL ESTATE.
For sale — 27 acres, near Palo Alto; good
land; sDlendld trees: would subdivide well-
this is a snap; terms If wanted.
%-aero lots on "Lee Tract." Woodside- road.
near town: come beautiful trees: two source*
of water: easy monthly payments.
Good hotel and bar; paying business: you
can make terma If wanted; this is a raoney-
maklnjr hotel.
Some nicely wooded lots In Oakwood Park
Tract, near Fair Oaks station; easy paymeau;
aad other properties.
See J. D. SMITH for Prlcta.
United Contracting and Realty Co..
Radwood City. CaL
FAIR OAKS REAL ESTATE.
A— FAIR OAKS MENLO PARK.
Villa sites containing 1 to ft acrea on un- '
usually easy terms. Beautifully woodej. \u25a0
Water aad electric lights. Bus direct. Con-
venient to station, "Fair Oaks Park." '"LlncU,
Vista" and "Qulllota" Tracts. Investigate
our properties and Inducements befor* buj-
lag.
BELBY. RODGERS A CO.,
116 California st.. B. F. and Menlo Park.
GOVERXaiEyT LA?TD.
WE will locato you oa good Government land;
you are entitled to 320 acrea of Government
land. 160 acres of agricultural land and also
160 acres of a timber claim. Call and see us
at 514 A Jones st TeL East 4733. PACIFIC
LOCATING. DEVELOPING ANT) COLONI-
ZATION COMPANY.
PIED 31 0 XT REAL ESTATE.
IF you want a fine lot in the- Alta Piedmont
Tract at a bargain see me at onco.
A forced sal* makes a low price. W. M.
BUTTERS. Real Estate. Loans anil Insur-
ance.
468 Eleventh St.. Oakland. Phone Oakland 3432.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
LAND wanted for subdivision: will buy out-
right or will Join owner la booming addition
or towa site. MAXWELL, r. 1174. James
Flood bldg.
WANTED — 3 flats of 3 aad 6 room* la tho
Mission, warm belt; price not exceed $7000.
Address M. A.. 3023 Laguna st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR EXCHANGE^
400 acres good No. 1 alfalfa land; $50 per
acre; also 160 acres, $25 per acre; and 12* lots
In San Francisco* $6000; total $34,000; all free-
and clear; good title; exchange for city busi-
ness property; would assume small tncum-
brance. THE ALDEN CO.. 468 10th. Oakland.
$1500—104 ACRES. • Wrights station to ex-
change for cottase ia Oakland: will assume
mortgage. Box 6223. Call office. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
MARSH land wanted which must be suitabto
for duck shooting preserve. Address, stating
location, box 2837, Call office.
WANTED — Good city and country real estate
BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery st-.S.F.
ALAMEDA ADVEKT'S'MTS
__^ALAMKDA^ REAL _E»TAT&
IF YOU HAVB THE MONEY aad do not
take advantage of the situatioa la Alame&i
and buy now you will regret it for evermore.
READ THIS LIST CAREFULLY.
$2.l3o— win boy a swell cottage, consisting
of ft rooms.
AH of which are large; reception hall,
large bath - and pantry; situated on a
ntce corner; only $500- down, balance as
rent. \u25a0__. V.>' r /,",'
$3,500 — In course of construction; 6-rocm
I modern story and & half home; on the
'north side of Santa Clara aye. Every-
thing will be of the latest and thor-
oughly up to date; $500 down aad $25
per month. . .
. . '- — -— \u25a0—
$2,600— One of the best 5-room • cottages ia
this beautiful city; modernly and hand-
somely laid out. Investigate this to-
day. __.
$12,000— A northwest corner: 12-room, beauti-
ful residence on a lot. 100x150 feet: 6
bedrooms; modern fixtures throughout;
billiard-room, etc. This is one of the
swellest homes In this city.
Beautiful lots In all locations ; manufacture '
Inz sltea on tbe Tidal Canal.
If you. want to buy, rent or sen se*
HAMMOND A HAMMOND,
Leading and Reliable Agents, v
1422 Park St.. Alameda.
Salesman in of flee ' to-day. \u25a0
A SNAP raying over 20 per cent interest oa
$2000 investment In rents: investigate.
A bargain; 5-room modern cottage: $1600.
To lease by th» year to couple without chll- -
dren. the coxiest little ftv«-room shlnsled cot-
tage apartment In Alameda; fitted with, hard-
wood floors; electric lights; gas grate; new
gas range for cooking ; Deasy hot water heater.
aad sunshine all day long; lawas and flower
gardens ready-made: $30 per month; see It
to-day. 1443 Morton St.. corner Santa Clara
* v * \u25a0 E. A. JOYCE, . ;
1310 Railroad aye.. Alameda.
J T \u25a0 HARDIN, Real Estate and Insurance,
i Full' charge of property taken for absentees:
rents collected, houses kept in repair, also I
do a general carpentry and Jobbing • busi-
ness enabling me to glv* prompt and re-
liable service- and for the least possible cost
to owners: I have & larre list of property
for sale, also houses to let of from 3 to W
rooms in rood locations.
j T. HARDIN, Chestnut station. Telephone
'Alameda 660. . \u25a0
' A HOME FOR CHRISTMAS.
. ON YOUR OWN TERM 3.
Large reception hall, paneled dining- room,
- teas and electric lights, sanitary plumbing;
in the - best residence location of Alameda:
ready , far occu pansy December 21: small
cash payment, balance same as rent. •
HAWK 3 & MEHRTENS.
Corner Webster and Railroad aye.. Alameda.
\u25a0 ." . LOOK THIS UP.
• Two-story modern *-room house. 923 Chest-
nut St.; porcelain bath; hardwood floors; gas
and electricity: concrete basement; furnace;
all modern conveniences : street : work done;
lot 50x108; nice shrubbery, etc. : price $4730;
easy terms. J. S. HANLEY. 1310 Park st..
Alameda. \u25a0 \u25a0
A' VERY nice ' Dlace In ; Alameda for \ $3500:
some choice lots as , low as $10 per foot
front, near High st. station.
i, CHAPIN & EOOTH.
60 San Pablo aye., Oakland. Cal
«.2OC0 — NEW cottage. 5 rooms: large lot. Pr will
rent for $20 per month to intended purchaa-
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0> J.iH. TOUNQ. 1343 Park »t.. Alameda.
For Additional Clan*lfied Advertise-
ments See Page 7% MSB
7778
ALA3IEDA ADTOK r rS ? *I ? TS
ALABIEDA REAL ESTATE. - -i
ALAMEDA PROPERTY-
Will double In value within a tew months ana
barjralns will be hard to find; to-day you can
double your money, ar.d we offer you every
opportunity of securing a home, a lot or a
Iract of land on easy terms and at prices that
must insure a big profit to you.
Purchase a home to-day; secure a lot and
double your money on the rising market.
MANUFACTURING SITES FOR BALE.
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOMES; EASY TERMS.
Large lots and tracts of land for cale; get
our urices and terms; »cc our properties.
Fine business Income properties for ssjej
Alatneda's geographical position warrants her
becoming a great commercial and industrial
center.
Houses and lots at all prices and on terms
to suit.
CALL OR WRITE OS FOR PARTICULARS.
Come over to Alameda and find out what
a beautiful place it is to live in; we will be
tlad to show you the city, the properties for
«a-- elifi the beautiful homes now being built:
* can be rurch^sed on itrms lo tuit.
REMEMBER Oril ADDRESS.
ALAMjO>A LAND COMPANY.
1413 Park eu. Aiameda.
New homes; on easy terms; only $2250
• New home*: on ©a*y terms; only *-;2x5;
New homes; on easy terms; only ..|j-600
New homes; oa easy terms; only *Z'ykn
New homes; en easy terms; only ti-Tn.
New homes; on easy terms: only ..$3.50
WHAT WILL $1250 BVIII
A beautiful S-room house-; large corner lot:
beet location; southwest corner; modern and
only a few years built; a Bnw.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1418 PARK ST.. ALAJVIEDA.
Tel. Alameda 490.
DON'T fall to call on CHAS. ADAMS 4 CO.,
Bay station; we have bargains In Alameda
real estate.
FINE manufacturing lot en the estuary for.
\u25a0*!•; lanre lot al a bargain. Address
OWNER, box 175*4. Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTCTTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BIRDSALL & CRAIG,
218* Ehattuck aye.. at Berkeley station.
A choice corner, short distance from the
new. Key route station; , south and weet ex-
posure; 100x120: price $S160; street work and
•Idew&ike complete.
Fine lot facing Elmwood Park; street work,
sidewalks and sewers complete; This Is a
sxap at $1250.
Swell home near College aye. ; 8 large, sunny
rooms; a bargain at $5769.
That beautiful tract about to be opened at
College and Claremont avea. is 1 - block from
the Key route station and is in that sheltered
warm belt; 11 minutes to Oakland- by 'the
College-aye. car line: 6 minutes to the unl-
verslty by the College-aye car and 80 minutes
to Ban rFanclaco by the Key route.
This tract is covered with beautiful oak
trees.
All lota will be 60x140.
A building restriction will be placed on the
property to assure a first-clase character of
Improvements.
AU street work, sidewalks, sewers, gas and
water pipes will be laid. The streets will be
curbed with cement curbing, and in every sense
of the word it will be a first-clase home elte.
27 applications have been filed for choices
in this beautiful tract as soon as a map Is
out. and you will do well to put your name
down for one of the 137 lota, a* its location,
facilities for car communication, climate and
general desirabilities will make it one of the
moet popular building epots on this side of
the bay.
We have a choice selection of homes, build-"
lug site* and business properties.
BIRDEALL & CRAIG.
2165 Ehattuck aye.. at Berkeley station.
FRANCIS FERRIER.
2121 Shettuck aye.. Berkeley. Cal.
"AT KEY ROUTE TERMINUS."
$2100— Five- room cottage, oaly.two and a half
blocks from Berkeley station.
$3250— Six-room, two-story ; ehingle house;
Flemish oak finish; rooms delightfully ar-
ranged; two blocks from Ashby stail «i,
cart of Bhattuck; $350 cash, balance easy
terma.
$3400 — New rtx-room house, modern, natural
wood finish; large dining-room with breafc-
fasv-rooin adjoining; gas grate, two toi-
lets; large Ean deck and porch; very fine.
$2SO0 — Six-room house, double stairway, cedar.
lined hall, large living room, three bed-
rooms, beautiful vl«w of the bay and
hills; one of the best bargains in North
Berkeiey. - ; , -..
$1050— Beautiful corner lot. 50xlM; street work
all done; near stations.
$1800— Corner, 120x185, capable of being eub-
divlded; good buy.
$1000— Full-si*ed lot in the MoG** Tract, 60x
180: near to etatlon. - X.
*2.'0O — Corner lot. 60x100, opposite the Aehby
aye. entrance to ELMWOOD PARK. This
price is a SPECIAL, and good only until
January 1.
DON'T FORGET THAT I HANDLE THE
KELLOG PROPERTY.
OORNER LOTS.
THREE BARGAINS.
I
BmjVH.W tSUII FRQNTAOB; STREET
\u25a0WORK COMPLETE; THREE BLOCKS FROM
«TATION. PRICE $122575500 CASH RE-
QDXBSID.
OROVE ST.. EAST FRONT. 40x125, FOR
ONE MORE 80TTTH FRONTAOB. CHAN-
JTOfO WAT. 55x100. FOB $1100.
WE HAVE A FEW ELEGANT COTTAGES
TO BELL UPON VERY EASY TERMS. ASK
ABOUT THEM. THEY ARE WELL LO-
CATEDI
HAEELTTNE & CO..
2136 CENTER ST.
PHOCTE BERKELEY 1520. . * -j.^'.'-.
"WE SELL THE EARTH."
BIHSMSR « BAIRD. 2177 SHATTUCK AYE.
FINE_REBIDENCE AND BUSINESS
PROPERTY A SPECIALTY.
ON EASY TERMS.
$4000— N«*r Ashby station; a fine 7-rooea bouse j
aa opportunity to buy a good home at a
bargain.
BXCEPTIOJf ALLY LOCATED.
$4800— Ifew S-room house near Dwlght-way sta-
tion, eaxt of 6hattuck; most convenient
locality la Berkeley.
A SNAP.
HBC6— Slsrtat T-room house east of Telegraph
ave^ near Dwlght way; this Is an excep-
tional opportunity In an exceptional lc~
callty, .
7UBTE& A BAJRD. 2177 ehattuck are.
T. H. LAWTON & CO..
REAL ESTATE AND FIRE INSURANCE,
2147 Oenter Street,
Phone Berkeley 1115.
THESE ARE SNAPS.
$7500— An artlsttc 0-room house on a oorner;
£oxl4B ft. In Berry Bangs Tract; this Is
a modern house with furnace; was not
built for sale and is a bargain.
$4500 — House of 8 rooms, besides bedroom and '\u25a0
storeroom In' attic; sunny corner. 45x80
Cect; near U. C. and Telegraph aye. This •
Is a nice modern shingled house and re-
duced from $4750 for a Quick sale.
$3150 — House of 6 rooms; south front; near
Telegraph aye., on Ward et.; lot 87:6 x
135 feet: reduoed f rom $3500. -
JI2OO— Lot on College aye., Fair View.
J10&0 — Lot on Regent st. Fair View Tract
llixm — i>jt on Florence et.; west front.
HOUSE 5 rooms modern; street work complete;
2 blocks from Lorln station; $2300; terms.
Cottage, modern, 4 rooms; $1500; terms.
Lot near etatlon: Santa Fe No. 5; «S5O.
Ixit 55x120, near Ashby station;. s32s.
ijot 40 feet front; C6th near Telegraph
avf. ; KR.V).
T>ot 40x155: street work; Carlton: $475. \u25a0
Beautiful corner near Telegraph; 95x100;
(1200.
Lot 40xS6; atreet work, sewer, water and
?£s; 4 blocks from Key Route etatioa- $525
I. L. GRAINGER.
Lorin StaUon. y South Berkeley.
MILLS THE REAL ESTATE MAN, .
2141 Shattuck aye., Berkeley.
Offers ttomt, excellent opportunities for making
your heart glad, not only for th« Christmas
holidays but for the comlns: year as well;
buy a tome in Berkeley and be happy- you
cannot make any mistake in doing so; if
you want Investment property, no place
offers equal advantages; Berkeley is the oasis
of the desert; naming the other buburban
'town* a« the desert. Write to me for a
beautiful booklet that will help to convince
you that I in correct,
" . PHILO MILLS.
MTOU could hare bourht th» lot at the north-
west corner of Adeline and Grove for a few
. hundred once; It sold for as many thousands
lately. . . -
I can sell you th» lot next to it for *3500
n<yw. It in worth $4000, and will bring $5000.
\u25a0In 9 months. See roe for; bargains.- J. P.
\u25a0GARDNER, Lorin Station, ' So. Berkeley. -
BEEKELE^ADVERTONTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY. .
Neat cottage, 5 rooms, bath, panUT, hlKh
basement, brick foundation, lot 40 x 135.
bricked tt«1I. windmill and large tank, drive-
way, barn, chicken house, fruit, bern".
flowers, etc.; price $1750. i. 22 r 0)
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin. Station, South Berkeley.
. . Open Sundays. \u25a0\u25a0
WELL WORTH INSPECTION.
Pretty new rustic bungalow, 4 good rooms,
bath, pantry, electrio light large porch,
brick mantel, lot 85x95, all street work wid
walks done: price $2200. 1; (2068)
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station, South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
REMARKABLY GOOD VALUE.
New gothlc 1%-story house, 6 rooms, bath,
pantry electric light, lot 88x183; dose this
station; price $2523, cash $300, balance like
rent ( 1981 >
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station, South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
NEAR TEI^EGRAPH AVENUE*
New colonial house, 6 rooms, bath, pantry,
' 2 toilets, electric light etc. ; price $2750, caJh
$TOO and $3« monthly. •. <1985)
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station. South' Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
DESIRABLE "FAMILY RESIDENCE.
Modern 2-story houae. 9 rooms, bath, pantry,
2 toilets, electric light, lot 41:6x120. finely
located on Harper st; price $3300; cash $COO
and $23 monthly. S: t 2090 )
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
WELL LOCATED ON MAIN AVENUB.
Nearly new 2-story colonial house, 8 rooms,
oath, pantry. 2 toilets, hardwood floors, lot
45x112. northeast corner, all street work and
cement walks done on both streets, lawn
back and front, flowers, etc.; 4 minutes to
Ashby staUon; price $4000. • (2099)
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays. - '
FOR PRICES OF HOUSES AND LOTS
AND GENERAL INFORMATION RE-
SPECTING BERKELEY, apply to
H. D. IRWIN, Lorln Station, South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
\
ARTISTIC MODERN COTTAGES.
BUNGALOWS AND HOUSES
IN THE SANTA FE TRACTS.
ON THE KEY ROUTB.
80 MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCIBCO.
LET YOUR FAMILY EAT THEIR CHRIST-
MAS DINNER IN THEIR OWN HOME.
You can do this with a few hundred dollars
each and balance monthly — like paying rent.
Go TO-DAY- by the Key route ferry, taking
the Berkeley train at the mole. Get off at
South Berkeley station. Go to our branch
office. 150 feet south of where the train stops,
i and we will show you you these housea.
DO NOT FAIL TO SEND POSTAL FOR
OUR SOUVENIR BOOK OF PICTURES OF
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN THE SANTA FE
TRACTS.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT.
1060 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
O. A. RUDOLPH. '
LORIN STATION,
BOUTH BERKELEY.
$1850 — Bargain: beautiful new 5-room cottage;
bath, mantel, laundry and pantry; handy
to Key route and S. P. station; terms
$150 down, balance $20 per month.
$1600 — A snap; 5-room cottage with pantry,
bath and laundry; lot 45x100; within 4
blocks of local stations; terma $150 cash,
' balance $15 per month.
$1350 — 3-room cottage, high, floored basement
bath, pantry, laundry; close to Key route
6tatlon; lot 40x127: terms $150 cash, bal-
ance $15 per month.
$2500— Fine ' new 5-room cottage, paneled din-
ing-room; bath,* pantry and laundry;
within 3 .blocks of Key route and S. P.
stations; terms $250 cash, balance $25^
per month. \u25a0 .
$2SO0 — A snap; new shingled house of 7 rooms;
bath, pantry, laundry, etc; street work
and sidewalks complete; lot 65x135; olose
to Key route and 8. P. stations: terms,
$250 cash, balance $25 per month.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
LORIN STATION,
BOUTH BERKELEY.
Open Sunday.
6-ROOM new shingled cottage, bath, laundry:
large lot; two and one-half blocks to Key
Route station. South Berkeley; electricity
and gae; $2400; $300 down, $20 per month.
6-room new cottage two and one-half blocka
from Key Route station; high basement;
large lot, bath, laundry; electric and gae fix-
tures; $2700.
2 new 2-atory houses. 6 and 7 rooms; large
lot; modern In every respect; gas and elec-
tricity; $3000 and $3200; easy terms can be
made.
Santa Fe lota In tracts 8, 11. 15 and 20,
$760; 20 per cent down. $15 per month.
76 acres of orchard, near Haywards; price
$12,000; will subdivide or exchange for good
Berkeley or Oakland property, either bualness
or residence.
"10-acre orchard near Haywards; $4600.
6 acree near city limits; may be subdivided,
and sold in lots; $4000.
Bargain — Fine corner lot; all street work
and sidewalk done; $100 down, $10 per month.
JOHNSON-BULLARD REALTY CO.,
8324 Adeline st. South Berkeley.
BAILEY-DODGE CO., INC.,
2181 BHATTUCK AYE.; PHONE BERKELEY
1700.
OPP. KEY ROUTE TERMINUS.
POCKET MAPS OF BERKELEY FREE.
$3000— A HOME IN BERKELEY.
6 rooms, bath; large lot, 50x185; centrally
located in Berkeley; near university; bargain.
$2000 — A modest cottare of five rooms and
bath; lot 40x130; near university; easy terms.
$Bso6— Very attractive home, north of and
near the university; grand view. '
13000— Splendid building lot; corner; 62x105;
near university: grand view. . • \u25a0 •
FACTORY SITES.
We have a large list of West Berkeley water
front lands for factory sites.
- YESTERDAY WE BOLD
The oorner of 4th st and Bancroft (near new
paint works, soap works, etc.), for factory lo-
oatlon. - •\u25a0
$4000 — BEAUTIFUL home, 0 rooms {Telegraph
avenue.
$3500 — Flat, 6 rooms, modern; rent $88.
$3660— House, 9 rooms,' modern; $600.
$3000— Beautiful new oottage, 6 rooms 1 , fine
location.
$2300— Cottage, 6 rooms, large lot. good value.
$2250— New 5-room cottage, Improved, at bar-
gain. - \u25a0 \u25a0 •\u25a0 . ; -;-O.'
$1200— Cottage, 4 rooma, block from station.
$1500 — Cottage, 6 rooms, rood value.
$600— For lot 88x148, Ashby aye.
$700— doee to station; street' work done.
•750— Minute from etatlon; $150 oash."
HEDEMARK & BRADHOFF,
- ,'.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Lorin. Berkeley.. ....
BERRY fc WEHE.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE, P. O.
BUILDING.
$250— Nice, eunny lots in the outskirts of
Berkeley; $10 down and $10 a month.
$1,250 — Lot in the Wheeler Tract; flne view.
$100,000 — Entire block of business frontage In
the center of Berkeley.' \u25a0
Snaps in lots in Falrvtew, Colby and Elm-
wood tracts. Some nice bargains In places for
rent. \u25a0 '
~~^~~' HUTCHISON & : MUNSON.
Special bargains in ' lots and houses >In all
parts "of Berkeley. Come and see us or write
what kind of property you are looking for and
we will gladly furnish you the desired Infor-'
matlon. Berkeley la \u25a0 the most desirable city
near Ean Francisco Bay. If you contemplate
locating here write us. .
HUTCHISON & 'MUNSON, ~
2505 Bhattuck aye..; Dwlght way Station. .
I HAVE a new cottage, modern and : oonvenl-
• ent •to Key route and business center^ that
you can buy for -a ; few hundred '; cash , and
pay the balance like rent The lot la a good
\u25a0 one and the atreet work, s«wer and sidewalks
are done. It is ready to move Into and can-
not be equaled for the money; -only .32 min-
utes from'- 6an Francisco; '6c commutations;
eat Xmaa dinner In your own home. . See me
to-day. JOHN P. GARDNER, Lorin sta-
i tlon. South Berkeley. • v. ;; • •
A SNAP—^room Queen Anne cottage; modern,
' new, : macadamized street- only $2300.
$600 — 5 acres on 'N.-.W.'R. Rl; house,- barn,-
" chicken-house; Ideal chicken, ranch; : . will
trade.
1 • Houses." and lots ' from $ISOO . up ; lota from
5375 upward. -. >HS*£R«Sg9^sIVMMRHS
; GEORGE W.PBCKHAM,
. • 3114 Adeline . St., . South ; Berkeley.'
$3750— NEW. house; 7 rooms and" bath; Tele-
graph aye. and Webster st ; easy ' terms. V;'
-...\u25a0- \u25a0 A SNAP. - \u25a0..-.
LITTLE A WOOLBEY. . -2110 Shattuck aye.,
BRffigggßsSKV Berkeley, Cal. ' '-'WftTiffLTnfrß
." \u25a0 ' \u25a0 .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17^ 1905.
BERKT^Ey^yERT^S^NTS
BERKELEY J REAL ESTATE.'
' '- • ' - t v-.y. i". -".':•
\u25a0 \u25a0 tp a TTJX'T V* W.* \u25a0 AT? T^
The tide is flowing south. Hlllegag* property
la now gelling at $50 1 the' foot, - Berry-Banes
No.'l brinjjrs $40. -Drlng the paat month thirty
lots have been sold in Berry- Bangs No. 2 at
from $1550 to $2000 per lot.
. Now comes Falrvlew Park. • with Its broad,
tree-lined boulevards,'- Its sandstone entrances,
and Its beautiful view of hills and -bay. Lota
that sold a year ago for $000 have advanced
83 1-8 per oent In value. In the spring, with
the Key : route built up Claremont aye., they
will.be scarce at $1500 each. ;
The two western blocks of - Falrview Park
are • now being offered at ; $900 and $1000 the
lot— ooxl3o. At; these prices, fully 25 per
cent lower than any . property • in \u25a0 the neigh-
borhood, they're going fast You'd better tel-
ephone us to hold one for you.
MASON-McDUFFTE COMPANY. i
Shattuck and > • 421 : , California st.
Center. . '. San Francisco.
BERKELEY. - - -\u25a0 - ' \u25a0-.
j.J • '^^^r \u25a0
">y.h -U Li -1.-1} I \ t I l-l.'J
CAMOf*;C3r \ 'AV£.
filllflilljilllifi
.hjrT~rT~i- u.i.i. i.^ L..-'i 1 »
\u25a0t J : i t n-^- 15 \u25a0~7 ! ' i j: J ' : '-. -
J v . 1 ,1 . . 1 . 1 \u0084-^-44J -- ' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'•' -y~i
>-— co/Ui£G£ ±££ir~- <u *-*^2rAV£/<'ts£'— -
LONG DESIRED PROPERTY NOW ON THE
MARKET.
Elmwood Park, better known as the Mac-
donough Tract, situated ' in, tha . fashionable
Claremont district, now ready to be sold as
select residence property; adjacent to the new
tourist hotel property; electric cars on College
aye. ; Key Route cars noon Ito connect jthls
property with San Francisco via Claremont aye.
E L. COR YELL CO., BERKELEY AGENT,-
Rooms 301-803 First National Bank bldg.,
Phone Berkeley 92. P. O. box 93.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
Berkeley, California,
$72CO— A 15-room boarding-house; % block
from center of . university activities; rents
for $70 per month; here is a snap^m eaey
: payments; ' \u25a0 -' \u25a0 ' -' '' ' w
$1230r-Flne~so-ft" lot" ln" the, Colby tract on
;'; ' Wool6ey ' at.: ' best portion of this flne
tract; this price for a few days only.
Here Is your chance to secure a new 7-room
house on Grant st. on* the easiest of easy
terms; get In on this Immediately. ;
We have some of the finest lota in Claremont 1 a
secluded district; now is the time to get
these before the new Key . route and the
Tourists' Hotel raise the prices beyond
you. . .. - :..-«'- -.-\u25a0'
Do you \u25a0 want the best piece of property in the
Wheeler tracts -If bo, consider this:
A 64-ft. west frontage on- Euclid aye., the
cream of Knob Hill, for $3000.
TWO FINE BUSINESS CORNERS.
SB. Center and Grove ets., 100 ft. on Center by
91 ft. on Grove, $8000.
NB. AUston way and Grove St.. 114 ft. on
Allston way by 91 ft on Grove st., $8760.
If you are at all acpualnted with the future
of Berkeley'B business section you will
readily conceive that theee are - two of
the best buys to be bad. -Do not delay
action. • - - •• ' .
Another flne Investment that la worthy of your
consideration we herewith'quote you: SB.
Walnut and Vine sts., 120 ft. on Walnut
by 134% ft. on Vine st. ; a comer In
business property, as the proposed exten-
sion of the Key route will- pass this cor-
! 1 ! ! $12,500. ! ! ! !
W. J. MORTIMER & CO/,
21X3 Center st, Berkeley,. Cal.
S. F. office No. 519 Mission st., room 301,
Phone Montgomery 825. ;••; Hours 9. to 12 M.
A BARGAIN . £ •
• FOR INVESTORS.
$17,000— rCorner of 353 feet on Adeline at. by
123 on Fulton st; a store and 12- room
houae, used now as a hotel; -.no -other
land in this block- can.be bought for
leas than $200 i per front foot -
-A SNAP.- \u25a0 \u25a0 . -.--A,'. ;':
$1,800 — $250 cash, balance only $15 per month;
6 large \u25a0 rooma and bath; 4 1 rooma done
off In basement; lot 46x125; one block
to cara. " \u25a0
$1,600 — $300 cash, balance $15 per month; 4
large rooms and basement; well, pump
and tank; lot 50x100.
W. C. MORAN & CO.,'
South Berkeley.. • Open' Sunday.
R. R. PATTERSON, -
Real Estate, Building; and Insurance,
2169 Shattuck . aye., Berkeley - Station.
Now. is the time to secure a choice lot for
your home, or Investment. Lots In ell par ta
of Berkeley from $350 up. \u25a0 .-• -
You should Include .In , your Near. Year's
resolutions . to - secure a home of your own.
Come In and see how easy wb can make It
for you. .
. R. Ri. PATTERSON, . .
2169 Shattuck ; aye., Berkeley Station.
. ..;..- YOUNGS & BARRY, T ~~
2149 A Center Street. .
, ;- •-\u25a0 BERKELEY.
Obr. lot 40x96, street work done.... $T5O
Lot! 40x120 . .:. . . .-. .... . ... . . .'. . . .-, . . . .$550
•B blocka N.; of University: car line.
40x110; atreet. and aide walks dene..... .$9OO
. Close .to Ashby > Station.-" \u25a0 . - \u25a0
••'- Investment 12 Vi per cent \u25a0 \u25a0 ' -\u25a0
$6250— 16-room house,' near U.-OL; rents
for $65 per month. '•
YOUNGS !* = BARRY.
• .. ..- \u25a0'.:\u25a0 -. Berkeley. . . . . ,
ALMOST new. modern, house, '- 6 'rooms; fine
.location In South Berkeley; two blocks from
Grove-street ears; \u25a0 4 blocks from Key route;
40 ft. oorner lot; $2800; $200 cash, . balanoe
' like rent. .
. W. N.; RUSSELL, \u25a0\u25a0
' SOl California St.", San Francisco,. Cal.
WARREN CHENEY & CO.', ~~~- ~~ r -
. . REAL ESTATE - INSURANCE.
$5500 — A first-class Investment proposition that
pays over 11 p«r cent net; house of 9 rooms
and one smaller. In rear; Just uouth of Uni-
versity; will always rent;, lmprovements new
and ud to date.-. ..-.;:- . .; ,
-• • \u25a0 BERKELEY HOME BUILDING T~
. • "ASSOCIATION
Will build ; you an - up-to-date ;: home * on ' small
payments down, balanoe same as rent' WAR-
' REN CHENEY ' ft \u25a0; CO.; ; ag«nta. : -First Na-
tional Bank ' building,' Berkeley station.
BERKELEY'S best' buys - can" all be found Jn
• /our' list*;' come? In and we". will *? show ;you
• where -we are « lnvesting • our -'. own - money.
- SKILLING, Realty ' and Rentals,': 2114 Center
. st, \u25a0 \u25a0 Berkeley: .- correspondence « propmtly * an-
: . ewered.»; ; ".-\u25a0"- L v'.'-T-".' ; v \u25a0.'\u25a0-'" ; '.'":':\u25a0".'\u25a0\u25a0 r ;-, ;
FOR gale— A ; 6-room ; new ; modern : house, • near
. A«hby . station, > Berkeley ; la rge 1 ot ; rents for '
' * $40 \u25a0-.' per • month; ? price :% $3250; .terms. - H.
GRAY,' 46B Eleventh Ist., f Oakland.' .
7-ROOM houses 3 ; blocks fromjhlgh. school;
\u25a0 Just \u25a0\u25a0' completed;^ modern '-• In \u25a0 every,/ respect;
«. : lot' 50x130;; $3500; and! terms. \u25a0/".". - . \u25a0
; ; B. B. - KENFIELD& C 0., ,: . -
REAL ESTATE rAND ? INSURANCE." . -V
2115 BHATTUCK '\u25a0- AYE;; : BERKELEY.;
CHEAPEST,; and best In America— The Weekly >
;' ,Call,- 16-pages,,\»ent) l ,to?any.,?addresßfin".the
: United *\u25a0 States i or.i Canadaton* \u25a0 year.' for • <1. ~\~
:-.tBERKELEV^CpTTAGES|TO?I,ET.v^
PRETTY^ 6^robmToottage7S oath -and i, laundry ; '
; : ample lot; all improvements; one block from.
\u25a0'. Berryman station ; ? $25. .' Owner,'-' 1419 ' Mil via.
;BERKEMYAI)^x^NTS
* SOUTH BERKELEY- REAL ESTATJaJ '
TUPPER & KAY, '
; South ! Berkeley,"; Lorin • station:
: -South Berkeley is situated at the foot of the
beautiful Berkeley hills';.- and only 30 minutes'
rldo from San Francisco,; just far enough away
to avoid. the nolee of the city. ' '•
T '\u25a0-•; -Vh THE PAST. I. • ; .
In the past year there have been erected over
700 new buildings. - . : - ' .
'•"'-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :\u25a0\u25a0'-'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . THE FUTURE. .' •
South Berkeley la destined to be the business
center of Berkeley and North Oakland.
:.. THE- REASON OF THE GROWTH.
The geographical position, • the unexcelled fa-
cilities ' for reaching Ban Francisco, ! the j unsur-
passed climate (It being the most temperate In
the world, comparatively free from ; fogs and
wind), . our high standard grammar ; and high
schools, and - here Is situated the world re-
nowned California College. .; - .;\u25a0:
. For a home ; or an Investment ; there is no
place .that presents . better Inducements than
.South Berkeley; .; - . '-\u25a0 \u25a0 -.' \u25a0'-.--'\u25a0-"\u25a0
A FEW GOOD OFFERS.
' A new. 6-room cottage "with bath, patent toi-
let ~ gaa and electric lights; etreet work done;
convenient sto \u25a0 Key' Route station: price $2200;
terms." only \u25a0 $380 cash, balance like - rent. ;
An artistic 6-room bungalow; must be seen to'
be appreciated; modern throughout; situated
only 1 block from the Key Route station; price
$2900; terma can bo obtained.
, 'New' 2-story house of 6 rooms; strictly up to
date In all respects; street work done; close to
Key Route station; price $8300;' terms. $500
cash,' balance $25 per month. \u25a0 \u25a0 ! . .
. An elegant 2-story " house, hardwood floors;
corner lot; street work all done; close to Key
Route station; price $4200.
We have a number of lots that would be a
flne Investment for either residence or business
purposes. ; " ;' r \ \
TOPPER A KAY.
Phone Berkeley 1810. . . _;
FRII IT VALE ADY 7 T ? SMy TS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
RUDELL REAL ESTATE CO.,
SB. Corner Washington st.: and Fruitvale »re._
The Leading Real Estate Dealers in
\u25a0 Frultvale. Cal. \u25a0-•\u25a0'\u25a0"=• „!_
DO NOT FAIL TO BEE THESE BARGAINS.
$1600— House, 4 rooms, with lot 60x800; good
well; terms $500 cash, balance bank loan
8 per cent. "No. 60.
$1160— Cozy little house. 2 nice rooms; lot 50
xlO5; city water; fruit trees and flowers;
within easy walking distance to atation;
terms part cash, balance $7 per month.
$950 — cottage, 3 rooms, hard finished;. lot 60x
100; fruit trees and -flowers; 2 blocks
from school; 5 minutes to atreet-car llnej-
''\u25a0 - terms $350 cash, balance $10 per month.
; No. 80. , ' ' ; -• -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0" :';•" -
$Sso— House, 4 rooms; lot 50x100; 2 blocks
from school- fare to Etatlon 5 cents: terma
• $300 cash, balance game aa rent.' No. 33,
$1900 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath ; 5
minutes' walk from station; terma part
\u25a0cash. N0.' 104. - \u25a0
J23oo— Cot,tage, 6 large; rooms and bath; lot
\u25a0 87:6x124; on - macadamized street; one
block from , car lino and Just 5'5 ' blocks
from station; terms $760 cash; balance
bank loan. No. 105. T \u25a0
$1300 — House, 3 . rooms and bath;.frj«lt treea
and flowers In abundance ; corner lot,' IOOx
130; 4 blocks 'from car line; this la a bar-
- gain; terms $850 cash, balance 8 per cent
loan. No. 41. \u25a0 " '"-'
$2750— House, 8 rooms and bath; Frultvale
aye.; 10 minutes' walk from etatlon; lot
\u25a0 88x118: lawn, flowers and fruit trees;
terms part cash. No. 8. ' .
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$3500r-Roadhouse; on High et. ; 8 large rooms
and bath; lot 44x235; terms $1000 cash,
balance to suit purchaser. No.- 19.
$150— Restaurant in good location; this ,Is. a
bargain.
$3500 — Express . business, paying $1200 per
\u25a0 " month; \u25a0 horses, wagons, vana and every-
thing complete; business established 10
• years.
FOR RENT.
$17 per' month— Cottage, 5 nloe rooms and
bath; good location.
$20 per month — Cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
half-acre of ground; stable, eto.
$25 per month — Chicken ranch; 600 chlckena;
large brooder-house, 3 Incubators; •2%
acree of land; house, 2 rooms; good loca-
, tion.
RUDELL REAL ESTATE CO., ' , '\u25a0:+'
SE. Cor. Washington, st. and Frultvale aye..
HENRY BARKMEIYBR, •\u25a0 •
1206 Frultvale aye., 1 Frultvale,. Cal.
LOTS. . . LOTS. . • LOTS.;.
'40x132. '"' ?200. '\u25a0"* . 40x132. ; a
..;slo, down, and $5 per month on , San Leandor
road * and * car line; city -water; • only 5 lota
left; a' fine speculation.
$1600— Corner lot, 150x125; high elevation; 8
blocks from Frultvale aye.; near school (67)
$1100— Small store and 8 rooms; lot 30x125;
on E. 14th at.. East Oakland; terma $150 cash,
balance Sl2 per month. ; . > ,(216)
$1150— House of 2 rooms; chicken-houses; lot
100x135; In bearing fruit trees; on macadam-
ized ( atreet; . one • block from | car - line; j terms
$300 caah,. balance eaay terma to : suit. (13S)
$1650 — Elegant bungalow "cottage of 4 rooms
and bath; now In course of construction; cor-
ner lot, 60x125; all- fenced; 2 blocks from
Frultvale aye.; sewer; city water; high ele-
vation; eaay terms if *. desired. . (216)
$1850 — Beat bargain in" Frultvale ; bungalow
cottage of 4 rooms and bath; bard finished; !
corner lot, . 86x140; j on | macadamized street; 8
blocks ' from Frultvale-ave. car >. line; near
school; terms $300 cash, balance $18 per
month. (212)
$2050— Two-story ; house of 6 large rooma and
bath; all newly renovated; , lot . 85x100; 2
blocks from Frultvale atation; terms $150 cash,
balance $20 per month. ,. - . (54)
$2300 — A bargain on Frultvale aye. ; modern
cottage of 5 rooms ; large reception . hall, cove
soiling-, paneled dining-room, \u25a0 fine . oak mantel,
combination gas fixtures, porcelain bathtub,
stationary tuba; high basement; 10t. 40x150.
. (211)
$800 cash, balance $30. per. month, for a flne
2-story houae of 6 large rooms; all modern; on
Frultvale aye.; 5 minutes-w alk to local train;
price all told $3800. ' \ (175)
- $5500 — Up-to-date s cottage of 6 large , rooma
and bath; attio all floored -and partly finished;
high basement," lot. 171x361; in bearing' fruit
trees; on Fruitvale aye.; upper \u0084F ruitvale;
worth investigating. \u25a0 \u0084 \u25a0\u25a0*'-. - \u25a0- (214)
. For particulars apply, to
\u25a0 HENRY ; BARKMETER,
.1206 Frultvale aye.;; Fruitvale, Cal.
, V Telephone; Brook 1721:
CHAS. F. LEE. Fnone Vale 296. ;
One Block From Local Station, Corner
• ' Washington st .--, . :
$1200— 5-room. 2-story , colonial cottage, close
to 2 ; ear, lines and , school ; . flne.' view « of ~ sur-
rounding country: sandy -loam soil;; dose to
new scenlo foothill road; lot 50x146; more land
can be had adjoining; cany terms. '• :--::
$1250 — Cottage of *4 = nice rooms ; flne soil;
close to school ; well fenced : lot 100x100; only
$200 oash balance $13 monthly. -rriiGGPsjggj&K
$1900— New cottage, : 5 large rooms ; olose to
local trains and atreet cara ; . In the heart of
Frultvale; lot 84x125; $500 cash, : balanoe $20
monthly. . • \u25a0-;-.-.:.. . ' ';
$2250 — Elegant i 5-room oottage. Just \u25a0 complet-
ed; bath, pantry; 3 blocks to local trains; close
to school and street oars; « every , modern I con-
venience; $760 cash,; balance,' $20 monthly.;..* \u25a0
$3250— Elegant cottage. \7 rooma,- bath,^ pan-
try ; • high baaement ; ; on * main county road ; lot
76x260; full bearing- fruit treea and berries of
all ; kinds ; \u25a0 faces on two , streets ; half block ; to
street cars:y 6 -minutes tto i local train; i one of
the cheapest propoeltlons there is shown In this:
community; , property:, easily -worth $4000; we
stake our reputation on this bargain. - -
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0.-.'• , $75 .LOTS. \u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0--
1 75 LOTS IN THE : ROSA". LEE I TRACT. 3
\u25a0 . -' $5 -\u25a0• down $2 60 monthly ; v flne, f. sandy loam
soil; large lot; close to school and electric cars;
splendid water; magnificent view.--
ONE-HALF ACRE LOTS.
$350 each; in the Susie Lee Tract; $25 down,
.$5 monthly.
\u25a0 -CHAS. ;P. : LEE. \u25a0 one block .from station.
Oakland office, '4ss. Boventh . st", , corner ' Broa-
dway. ;\u25a0 GEORGE H. LEE, owner. ? ; '\u25a0-'\u25a0
BOULEVARD : REALTY COMPANY, '
1227 OLD COUNTY ROAD.' CORNER TWBN-
;;;-.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0..:.-.."\u25a0 — TV-FIFTH AYE. - .
GET OFF AT TWENTY-THniD AVB.
$3250— Beautiful 10-room house on fine streets
close -and ; handy to ( every 1 convenlenoe : 1 grand,
view; i south '.. frontage ; i lot. 60x140; :« high '% base-
ment ; already : floored : . could .be made into nice
rooms and houae converted • into 8 ' flats. \u25a0 \u25a0
: v $5000— Two .magnificent "• 6-room flats . on , flne
street ; | good location j and handy.: to cars; .trains
and s business ; , flne \u25a0 lot; 62x100; -J building 1 alone
would : cost t to. build : $6500; : for \u25a0 an . Investment
you \u25a0 can : not beat ' it. . > . \u0084 \u25a0 ;,,"».: .
$6500—20 : acres ot nice land; , new . 8-room
house ; z hard - finished," , with \u25a0'- gaa s and : - gaa *» fix- ;
tures ; ln r every/ room ;", windmill -: and f.tank; r- 2
barns.' ; chicken ( houses, V 'tc. : this ; : is '. certainly '
: a;; snap."..*... \u25a0;. .'..-'..', •,1, 1 ; ;*. : u v:'. .\u25a0;-.-'•.-.:\u25a0.<: i' : :\\-.-i: : -a,\u25a0\u25a0•.-'a ,\u25a0\u25a0•.-' '\u25a0;. \u25a0 .;
LINDA; PARK." LINDA PARK." LINDA PARK.
f;.i,The _\u25a0 terminus of : s^-cent fare. , Haywards '. cars; :
streets t graded and 5 graveled ; s" stone i eidewalks ; ;
depot ? on tract : lots \ from ' Jso \u25a0. to $200; ; $20 cash )
I and.- balance : $10 . peri, month ;«15 j blocks ; to 1 local >
train ; * bestv located 1 property," oh 1 San S Leandro '
road ; traded ; school » on .1 tract.' 'j Apply Uo ' S . ;' S:;
AUSTIN.^ 1101 t- Twenty-third. -ave.-.' t Oakland. 7.1
$400— REDUCED v to "\u25a0 sell --' immediately; 5 owner
': I leaving ; »; 2 5 flne V level i lots/i making *a t cornea-
POxlOO; 1 near i Frultvale -i station. X^ ROTHER-
. MEL \u25a0&\u25a0. CO., 507 •California' st v
FRUlTyi^:Ai)^
f > ; FRUITVAJLB RBLAL' ESTATE.
H/ AJ PLEITNBR." Frultvale* Station, Cal.
$1460 — Fine : cottage '. of T Z i. rooms; ;- all hard
;-.;\u25a0 finished ; ; well and pump, also city "water ;
\u25a0 ' ; corner '• lot,; 100x200; • near school ' and' con-
• venlent , to : car . line. _ \u25a0
$1630 — Good and substantial \u25a0 hou w of 6 rooms
and- bathroom,"- fruit \u25a0 trees, berries, etc.;
lot 50x150; 2 • blocka : from car line and
'\ : --' within walking distance to local station.;
' small sum down; ; balance easy payments ;
owner must sail. ---\u25a0' ..-'.-.
$1250— Nice 4-room cottage, with lot 45x66;
.within- Oakland city .limits; street work
'all done; a big bargain. ;
: $900 — Neat -cottage of 4 rooms; on macadam-
ized street; -lot- 35x116; one block from
' car line ! and 2 blocks from - High " st ; - ex-
tra good value for the money; eaay. terms.
$1100— Cozy cottage of 8 rooms; barn, chicken
houses, etc.; lot 50x200[ having two front-
.- ages; convenient to cars; small sum down,
-"balance easy payments. .
$1600— Bay window cottage -of -5 rooms; all
- hard finished, mantel; well of water: also
City water; lot 37:6x105; 4 blocks from
Frultvale, station j $150 down, balance on
•mortgage. -\u25a0'''\u25a0\u25a0.-•\u25a0' ; \ \u25a0;'"- v-
sl7so— Story .and a half house of 7 rooms and
-.-*-:\u25a0: bat h; all modern and In good condition;
. \u25a0 8 > blocka from • local station; lot • 46x125;
\u25a0 ' price reduoed from $2000 for quick sale.
$2250— New and modern cottage of = 6 large
: rooms, ' hall, porcelain bath, rich mantel,
stationary \u25a0 tubs, basemsnt; fruit trees la
" : " bearing; flne neighborhood and choice lo-
cation; lot" 60x182; one blook from school
and 2 blocks from Fruitvale ay«. oar line;
easy terms. .' '; „„_
$2500— Modern 4-room cottage, with lot 150 x
125 ; all fixed for raising chickens; one
' block from car line; a flne location, high
and' dry. * \u25a0 -
$2800— Beautiful place of one acre of sandy
loam and modern 4-room cottaare; cement-
ed cellar; fruit trees, summer housea,
chicken - houses, eto. ; one block from
Frultvale aye. car line: a most attractive
$125 per lot; $25 eaah down, balanoe $5 per
: month ; beat lota \u25a0 In .. Fruitvale for the
money; owner anxious to dispose of the
few lota left in' a fine tract of land, near
high school; prices reduced.
H. A.; PLBITNEJR. Frultvale Station, Cal.
CHARLES ARMSTRONG, .
8108 Putnam St. and East 14th, nr. High st.
Phone Vale 692. : . Frultvale.
$7500— A beautiful spot of 5 acres: under the
. highest cultivation; bouse of 7 rooms,
bath; windmill - and tank; wash-house;
• best of outhouses; a very flne brooding-
house and other chicken-houses; a com-
plete place; must bo seen to be appre-
ciated; within 100 ft. of the Scenic boule-
vard; satisfactory terms can be arranged.
$2850— House of . 5 rooms, bath and pantry;
high baaement; fine location; lot 42:6x135:
flowers, fruit treea and berries. Terms
$500 cash, balance $26 per month.
$28C0 — House of 8 rooma and bath, wash-roomj
lot 87:6x125: this Is a bargain; located
in the very choicest neighborhood; grown
'fruit tree»; lawn and flowers.
$1300— Hou#e of 6 rooms; lot 44x144.
$900— House of 4 rooma. barn and chicken-
houses; good well water; lot 60x245.
$375— Lot in flne location; fruit treea; 40x115;
' a bargain.
" $350— Lot in good location; 50x125; only seen
to be appreciated.
Cheap lots in different locations. Easy terms.
CHAS. ARMSTRONG.
A FEW CHRISTMAS BARGAINS.
$750— Neat littleVhouse of 8 rooms; chlcken-
houees; city water; lot 50x100; a good buy j
will give , terms If desired.
$1150 — House of 4 rooms; chlokon-houses: city
water; near Frultvale station; small caah
payment, balance as rent; see this.
$1800 — Modem house of * rooma; lot 80x125;
near station, school and cars; a cozy
V home*
$1800 — The best bargain of all; house of 6
rooms, bath, pantry, hot and cold water;
large lot: only 4 blocks from Frultvale
atation; this la a snap; don't let It go by
If you are looking for a home: terms.
Another good one^ — A -business property on
Fruitvale aye.; will pay 12 per cent on
price asked; Investigate this.
I have also a choice list of unimproved lots
which I offer at low prices and eaay terms.
A. G. SNETSINaER.
1214 Frultvale aye.. Frultvale.
C. J. HOWLAND AND B. S. McARTHUR,
Real Estate. Insurance.
. : -<-o'f: . Phone Vale 2686.
1113 23d aye.; get oft at 23d -ave station.
$550— 8-room house, lot 25x150; $160 down,
1 $10 per month. . •
|600 — New 8-room' house, large lot; good
terma; city water. ; . \u25a0_ \u25a0 \u25a0„
$2000— Good 5-room modern house, lot 60x185;
terms ; . : 8 minutes from Frultvale local
Etation. , • ' '
11600 — 4-room house, barn and chicken-house;
. city ; water: some fruit trees;- corner lot.
\u25a0 ' " 100x125; $250 - down," balance $15 per
month; a snap. \u25a0' •
$250— Lots In Frultvale on eaay terms.
$150— Lots near Melrose; alO down and $5 per
\u25a0•:-\u25a0 month; 25x150.
$1900 — New 6-room bungalow, modern: $400
.oash. balance $15 or. $20 per month; one 1
block from school. .
Open Sundays. . Get off 23-ave. station.
• HOWLAND & McARTHUR.- : \u25a0;
0 ATCLANI) ADVERT'S'M'TS
: >; OFFICE, 101« BROADWAT. .
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
STEWART & BROWN,
.878 BROADWAY. > , •» :
$3.150— A BARGAIN In a two-story l-room
modern house; tile bath; lot 80x60; Just
' '\u25a0': -':- '\u25a0\u25a0-. finished and in the desirable Vernon
Heishas District. A fine Christmas
' present for some one..
$4,150—2 flats; 6 rooms each; lot 40x125; good
\u25a0 paying investment; rents for $40 per
month; near poatofflce.
14 000 — 2-story, 8 rooms bath and modem;
lot 40x75; a beautiful home and odd In
architecture; 150 feet west ot Telegraph
L aye.,. below Thirty-first at. -
$10 000- : -4 flats, 6 rooms each; lot 55x100; near
- Broadway, on Ninth st; good paying
investment \u25a0 ; \u25a0
$18 000— 2-atory brick building; lot 23x100; also
< • key lot, 25x100: this property Is located
on Broadway; it la seldom you have an
'-' opportunity to purchase such a bargain
as we ' are - now . offering.
|T,ooo— Flats; In a good location for" renting;
monthly rent $94.
$4.250— 2-story house, ' 9 ; rooms ' and batik
$3 500 — 2-story house, * 8 rooms and bath.
\u25a0 $3 860 — A bungalow; 7 room* and bath.
$3.000— A bungalow: ; 6 rooms and bath.
S3 500— A cottage; 8 rooms and bath.
All ' modern and near Key route and
car line; call for particulars,
iiOO — Lot 60x100; cheap; near R. R. station.
725— Lot 40x104; near. Shattuck aye.
760— Lot • 40x100; ' near Shattuck aye.
850— Lot 50x100; near Telegraph aye,
$3 600— Business) • chanoa; > corner store, with/
stock of groceries: -4 living rooms; good
- r ,;r barn; lot 41 :6x120.
MOBS TRACT— MOSS TRACT— MOBS TRACT.
Do not : fall to ' call and ; select a lot
In the.Moes Tract, for they are selling
fast; Inside -lots $225: corners $250; $20
down. -"i $10; per \u25a0 month; prices are ad-
, vanclng. . • •
FOR BALE AT . BARGAINS. -
.. $3000 each— Three" 8-room, modern, i-story
houses,"' each: with lot 60x150 feet; - sunny ex-
posure; elevated ground; cement sidewalks;
street - work •' complete ; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0; electrio ' cars ' pass the
property; - a - v house ? alone ' is I- worth the ; price
asked; ' always ! rented ; change; of business only
reason. for celling.' Call and convince yourself.
BARGAINS IN UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
..$1700— 5-room modern cottage, lot -23x100,
centrally located, \two or \u25a0 three blocks to sta-
tion." * . • \u25a0 -
• $10 'a : front foot; lot - 150x100; southwest
corner.- --.•-.\u25a0',\u25a0 :• ••
$5 60 a front foot; lot \u25a0 190x140; southeast
corner.. -"- - -;-"'\u25a0 ~ : '
- SSso— Lot. 60x100. ,
-$900— Lot 100x100. , .
$900^-Lot 100x140. y
. . 'ALBERT SCHMIDT,
._ > 1122 ; Thirteenth \u25a0 aye., East ; Oakland.
$50 LOTS;' $5,* 52 50 ) monthly —In addition to
\u25a0 l our ..Fruitvale -Boulevard ' Tract .we have
\u25a0 opened another, and It's a flne one; In a de-
lightful location: adjoins East Oakland; near
cars,'- school. \u25a0 ehuroh " and ' grand driveway;
. ' 100x207 \u25a0 for $325 ; 207x207 for , $700 ; full-bear-
ding fruit trees; 2 flne springs of water; sandy
" : loam ; soil : \ away \u25a0 from \u25a0 f oga and : wlnda.' ~ Call
or send for olroular. i No. 1800 Fruitvale aye.
near.local train, \u25a0CHAS/'F.; LEE,-, or 455 Sev-
enth, st, \u25a0 opp.* Broadway station, Oakland-
carriage ; free. , : GEORGE : B. j LEE, ; ; Owner.
.' CAPITAL INVESTMENT. .- - .
j _ /\u25a0 . -.'..
"Annual Income $1830, ; payable In monthly in-*
stallments and in advance; price $1650- strict-
ly, modern * Improvements ; . on '.valuable ' corner-
close .'1n.'.'...- .-"--\u25a0•. \u25a0 x -" vi- •\u25a0..-\u25a0\u25a0 -.-.-....\u25a0
I HARRY - L. > HOLCOMB.'
- Investor of capital. :'3U San Pablo ava -,-
\u25a0 -;\u25a0, Oakland, s Cal. . "'
SPECIAL I bargain— Lot ; 51x150; ' close to P O
,' . and ~\ theaters: * splendid ;T alte . for * apartment-
.: house,' hotel \u25a0. or : business; ; price $16,500; after
.January ir $20,000. ;F. F.rBACON 468 Tenth'
= ; st.. 'Oakland:.; /...-; Zl . ?' ' n ,
v-'v:'.-.,..' :-.:\u25a0- ;A BARGAINS ..' \u25a0.-,-. ->
-; $1950 only for. a' s-room: cottage in Berkeley
;• .-- near Key Route and local trains. - PC' LAS-
SEN^ CO.; 466 Tenth st, Oakland Cal
oAl^AyD;A^^
OAKLAXD HEA^L^ESTATa
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., Ino.\
Real Estate Agents.
Established 20 Years.
City Real Estate Department.
Country Real Estate Deoartment.
House Renting Department.
Rant Collection Department.
Insurance Department
: Full Charge Taken of Your Property.
\u25a0 * f
Thirteen Competent Assistant*
We Serve You Promptly.
a LOCATED IN OAKLAND, '. m /c
Where Railroads and Ocean Ships Meet.
RAILROAD FRONTAQO.
Fine factory site, situated on main "»•**""
road; very convenient to Broadway; 100x1-0.
one of the few sites so olose In; save cartage
and transportation; near .water front- Par-
ticulars at office.*
/ " FACTORT BITE.
Splendid value; near railroad and water
front; sise 100x150; dose to business oenter.
Will double in value. Manufacturers, investi-
gate this. \u25a0,
DOUBLE RAILROAD FRONTAOBv
Fine site, .espeolally adapted for factory or
warehouse purposes; 296x130; two railroads
pass property: very accessible location.
OILT-BDOB BUSINESS CORNER,
$180,000— Exceptionally flna Investment; half-
block frontage: In very heart of business, osm-
ter: flne modern buildings; V*S* «\u25bc•' T P**
oent net.
FINB CENTRAL" HOLDINd.
$30,000— Modern 8-story business block: near
Central Broadway; 50-feet frontage; pays over
10 per cent net. - A bargain.
NEAR BUSINESS CENTER.
$9000— 60-feet frontage; within 400 feet 91
one of Oakland 1 s best central streets; Improve-
ments plain; pay* nearly 4 per cent net. This
is good.- ' -; _
DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE
$6800— Fine new modern residence; T rooms,
bath: latest appointments; servant's /room; 8
minute* walk to Broadway; choice location:
owner disposing of all realty; offer considered.
COTTAGE INVESTMENT.
$4500— Two modern oottages; 4 and 5 apart-
ment, each: rents $558 per annum;. very con-
venient to Broadway. .
LAYBIANCB REAL EOTATB CO., Ino.
* Commodious Office and Salesroom.
460-462 EIGHTH ST.
v CABLE ADDRES3. "LAYMANCBI."
TELEPHONE OAKLAND 828.
DOUBLE BERVICBX.
BTCH XHlfl r\JW* i * J^?>|M
Juit far enough away to avoid the noise
of the city.
YET———-;
But a few moments' ride or walk to Broadway,
and Fourteenth street to
HIGHLAND SUBDIVISION
ADAMS POINT. *\u25a0
Grand View— High Elevation— Perfect Eleva-
tion Fine Transportation to - Oakland,
Berkeley and San Francisco. Call
or write for booklets, eto.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.
1052 Broadway. J / ,
' SEE ' THE" POINT?
100 FEET ON FRANKUW ST.
Near 17th st. One Block from Poet of floe.
- Al INVESTMENT.
CHOICE FOR APARTMENT BUILDING.
Only $14,600— Improvements rent for $450 per
annum- the only property for sale on Franklin
st. between 14th and 19th sta., for less than
$250 per foot; other Improvements In this
part of Oakland will greatly increase value of
this property, and ought to be worth $200 per
foot within 0 months.
MODERN 8-ROOM RESIDENCE.
North side of 14th st; Br minutes' walk to
Broadway choloe lot, 60x100 feet; only $3700;
must be sold; worth $4500.
ELEGANT HOME.
Hobart st; north side; near Telegraph aye. ;
10 rooms; only $4750. _\u25a0
ALBERT S. DAY.
Real Estate and Loans.
Fire Insurance, \u25a0•
1253 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
I MUST HAVE T MOirBT w:BEJL
YOU MIGHT A 8 WELL
BENEFIT BY MY NECESSITY.
I will sell, "for considerably, less than any
of the adjacent lots can be bought for, one
* THE MOST" DESIRABLE -LOTS
IN THE ALTA PIEDMONT TRACT.
OWNER GOING EAST.
AU street work, sidewalks, sewen. - . , .
Water and cas mains complete; eleetrl* oar
service; magnificent view.
FACES TWO BROAD AVENUES.
Restricted building values Insure \u25a0 elegant
home surroundings.- -\u25a0 ' "• ; • -:\u25a0
You on clear $-300 on this property.
IT IS GOINO AT A BACRIFICE and XT 13
A SNAP. .
'Make me an offer to-day.
' W. 8. WHITH. 2* Montgomery ex.. |^ f, .
WE HAVE a flne bustaera propettj at 236 aye..
50 feet on 14th st : .
Several parcels In the manufacturing sec-
tion on 2d «t. A chance to double your
money in the near future/ BulMlnrs on the
premises are now paying fair Incomes.
i>W A number of flne tracts, of one acre up to
. several hundred, for subdivision.* around
' Elmhurst;. acreage at $600 per acre and up.
Now le the time to buy.-. - • _\u25a0» :
A number of flne ranches for sale 'or 'ex-
change for,- bay property.
A fine property on 45th st. to exchange for
small place about Haywards or nearer Oak-
land. \u0084
Several beautlfor sites for sanitariums.
CHAPIN & BOOTH.
60 Ean Pablo ave., .-Oakland. CaL
-— __ , ___
A MODERN < cottage of 5 rooms, built two
years ago: centrally located; lot 28x140; -all
street 'work done. . . \u25a0
$1900 — House of 7. rooms and bath: lot 82x75;
all street work -done; In a fine neighborhood;
cars i pass the door: . this jls a bargain worth
Investigating; easy terms.: :• ,•\u25a0 . ;
$\u25a01300 — Must sell; modern house of 13 rooms;
lot 50x150; good two-story barn; all street work
done; cars pass door. -
$2500 — A cottage -of 5 rooms and bath; lot
50x122; Myrtle st.. near San Pablo aye. -
- : HUGH M. CAMERON,
1053 Broadway. ' Oakland.
\u25a0- ' . FACTORY SITE. "
'. Choicest and cheapest location for factory or
warehouse *In Oakland. -on . railroad; -• railroad
siding within i 25 feet of property; one block
from city wharf and Dlmond ferry; one and a
half blocks from Broadway and railroad depot-
SOLID GROUND, REQUIRING 1 NO PILING;
two. street frontages; exceptional advertising
advantages, being paased by main railroad and
two ferry lines: area 10.625 aquare feet
For price and details, 'apply to
J. H. MACDONALD * CO
\u25a0'\u0084'- 1052 BROADWAY. .'-.'..
ONLY $30 per front foot for a choice lot. 60 by
125; situated near the corner of sth aye and
. East 18th; at; within 2:blocksof the new
car depot; all street work complete and clear
deed furnished; fine suburban business prop-
B. H.W ELCH 4 CO..
; sth ave.' and '. East 13th St.. \u25a0 Oakland.
$2500-^NEW-' cottage: 6 rooms and bath- only
•\u25a0 . two * minutes'- walk * to ; local "- train ~ staUon;
; large 1 lot 5 60x150 > feet. \u2666; Call ' and • see - this
: cheap = property * and i satisfy yourself.
GEORGE H. VOSB, Oww.
968 Broadway,: Oakland.. .
OAKLAND* ADVERT'S'M^S
OAKLAND REAL JESTATK^
TAYLOR BROS & CO. ' \u25a0
Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Agent.
Telephone Oakland 950 _ ,
1236 Broadway. Oakland, cai.
COTTAGE INVESTMENT.
$I.6oo— Good 4-room cottage with bathroom;
brand new, latest plumbing, full 7-fooi
. baaement. street work finished; one
block from station on the 40th-st. Key
route; steady tenant, paying $180 per
\u25a0nnnm
, • LINDA VIBTA HOME.
$3.850— Very eery. 2-story. 9-room residence,
with 4 bedrooms: situate on a nice
northeast corner in Linda Vista: Owner
forced to sell, and we have a limited
. time only at this price.
MAGNIFICENT NEW HOME.
$s,Boo— Just being completed; German-Oothio
design, 8 large rooms; specially designed
fo as to get an unobstructed view and
full ray of sunlight In every hour In the
day; there 1« also a fine billiard-room.
paneled, with open fireplace; this J»
situated on a northwest corner, high
up above the street and beautifully tec-
raced down to a solid cement bulkhead;
the aurrcundinxs are of the very finest
\u25a0>ar residences and fronts to both publlo
./and private park; It Is only 6 mlnutM
to 12th and Broadway, Oakland, over a
separate car lines, and only 40 minutes
to San Francisco, with only one change,
via the Key route or Narrow Gauge
lines. We Invite an Inspection of this
. building, aa purchaser would be at Hb-
- erty to make susrireationj as to the col-
ors to be used in Interior finish.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$19,000 Four small stores, bringing excellent
Income; lot 50x110 feet: prominent
, street.' between Broadway and Wash-
lngton.
$16,500— Northwest corner on main buetneS^
thoroughfare; lot 62x108 feet: only Xif
minutes to 14th and Broadway; falrrj/
well Improved; ground alono la worth
: $350 per front foot
$75,000— Fine business block on San Pablo aye.;
excellent Improvement: this la a soap.
TAYLOR BROS A CO.
1238 Broadway Oakland. Cal.
Ev J. SHEPARDSON.
424 Tenth st. Phone Oak 5136.
We are exclusive agents for all property
mentioned below. \u25a0 >
$6.100 — Two elegant fiats, reduced for tmzn*- ,
dlate sale; will pay $70 rent per month: brand
new and within 10 minutes' walk of City Hall;
on north side of a flne residence street: look
this up; it will pay you.
$2500 — New and modern cottage of 5 rooms,
bath and laundry; on north side of fine street;
1 block from Key Route station; terma if de-
sired: see this.
$3500— Finest 6-room residence In Berkeley:
on flne street, with swell residences all around
and on street with car line; within 2 block*
of Key Route and Southern Pacific stations:
large. lot. 60x127; this la a snap: has to be
sold by January 1; place worth $4000 to-day»
look this up.
$3500— Another flne residence. _ on Vtnoa
Heights; 6 large rooms: Just completed ard
can be had on terms: this Is the best snap w»
have evor had and will be aold in a few day»;
don't fail to Inquire about thta; It will do
your heart (rood.
$850 each— 2 flne lots on 80th st. lust weet
of Telegraph aye.: can m had at this price
for a few days only, as owner Is In need of
money; houses built on these lots would sell
readily and at a rood profit: look this up.
JSSO— Several nice lots of good size near
westerly shore of Lake Merrttt; beautiful res-
idence district; all street work done: full in-
formation given on request.
Salesmen with rigs ready at all times ta
•how property. List your property wltft na.
READ THISt BY THE ALDEN COMPANY %
$4750— Completely furnished. 8-room reslder-til
and corner lot; walklnjc distance to- to""**'
and a bargain; this property Is well worth
$5500.
$3750— Lovely home: 8 rooms. 2-story and all
modern: good lot: sunny and near town;
cheap at 54500.
$2350— Modern cottage, 5 rooms; sunny aids
of street; $200 cash and $25 month.
$1750 — Cottage. 5 rooma. and lot; near tha Key
Use; $250 cash and $23 month.
$2500— Cozy cottage. 6 rooms and bath, with
lot 30x100; palm trees and flne lawn. etc. 1
very nicely located: sunny and between a
car lines; owner going north and will give
a bargain.
SUBURBAN HOME .»*
$20,000 — Lovely home, residence 13 rooms with
\u25a012 acres; variety fruits; mostly high
class cherries: fronts on a corner and
500 feet on main road " to Hayward.
above Frultvale: this ta a typical Eng-
lish home and suburban residence for
any rentleman: the climate ts unsur-
passed by but few locations in th*
world; would sell a part ot same with
improvements at $15,000; advanced age
cause of aale. See
THE ALDEN CO..
, 468 Tenth at.. Oakland.
THE E. P.
VANDERCOOK
COMPANT.
1016 BROADWAY.
EXCLUSIVE AGENTS.
$7CCo— Fine larga two-story 10-room house
that la at present used as a private rooming-
house, bringing monthly rental of $S3; the
place la for sale at the above price not In-
cluding furniture, but furniture can be had
If desired: lot 'ls 76x123; property Is situated
on Filbert at., between 10th and 12th. and
No. 1019 Filbert st. Full particulars at the
property or at thia office.
• $30.000 — Elegant Vernon Heights residence
of 8 stories, containing 13 elegantly arranged
and decorated rooms; flne stable or auto gar-
age, conservatory, beautiful grounds; price In-
cludes portieres and window hangings; ground*.
180x250. , . aaty%
- $.10,000 — An elegant suburban horn* wtttf
grounds containing about 13 acres; one-half of
which la beautifully Improved; fina 11- room
house, barn and greenhouses and other out-
buildings: fruit trees, balance of land la cov-
ered with arrove of assorted treea: one of the
choicest suburban homes in the county. 701
$1300 — This is a snap; a lot 23x123 on B
st , with well built 2-story house, built for
store and fiat overhead, can be made Into 2
flats for a very small amount and will rant
easily for $23 per month; come quick as this
won't last long. 702
THE E. P.
VANDERCOOK
COMPANT,
San Francisco Office,
Rooms 209-210 Union Trust Building.
Market and Montgomery sts..
San Francisco. Cal.
CHEAPEST building lots in Oakland; front-
ing Apgar and West ata; within 2 blocks
of the Key rout* depot at 40th and Grove
sta,: also 5 new cottages, from 3 to I rooms
each. Go and see them to-day.
$2900— 0n« of thosa nloe> roomy hooses) that
always seem like home; 8 large rooms, hlgh-
fioored basement, high ceilings, wide haUway,
nicely flnlahad throughout; beautiful yard:
situated on the . north side of a pretty ilttls
resident street and close to Telegraph aye.
and also convenient to Fortieth and Telegraph
Key route . station; can be had on payment o"
$1000 cash and balance as you would like.
This Is well . worth the price asked. Ask to
see It We are exclusive agent*.
Telegraph ay«. Is the hardest street la Oak- .
land on which < to find a bargain of any kind.
I have a big north corner, not very far out.
that Is a ssaa.
$1300— Fine larg* building lot 50x200. near
Key route at Fortieth and Orove sts.; elegant
neighborhood; atreet work done: note fc«A.
depth; terms Vi cash. Look this up If you^
want . a bargain.
GEO. W. AUSTIN.
\u25a0 ICO2 BROADWAY.
F. F. PORTER,
REAL ESTATE 468 EIGHTH ST.
$1400 — 4-room cottage; bath; lot 23x134; street
work paid for.
$2230 — New 5-room bungalow; near Key Route;
lot 30x100; easy terms.
$2900— Fine 7-room" novae on East Twenty-seo-
ond st.: sightly unobstructed view of
Oakland and bay : eaay term* :
$4630 — New modern g-room bouse: let 40x125;
on Magnolia st.: first -class location.
$4730— G00d 9-room house; lot 43x117; on Ho-
bart St.: a barraln.
$4500— Beautiful home; house of 9 rooms:
new and modern; on Thirtieth at.; near
Telegraph: no better bargain In Oakland.
$2230— 3-room cottage; near Piedmont aye.:
small amount cash: balance $16 23 per
month. .-\u25a0rweyßii^KppiWgaßgj
- p. F. PORTER. 466 Eighth at.
SOME GOOD BUYS.
$1000— Lot 73x133. on Magnolia st.. near 3-lth.
This is cheaper than any similar property
In that neighborhood.
13000— Cottage. 6 rooms and bath. In flne con-
dltlon: 3 minutes' walk from center of
city; tcake offer. . gjxj
•»350_2 flat*. 5 and & rooms. In good condition: •
always rented: right In town: will pay
ii.; per cent per .mo., on investment
- C. : CHISHOLM.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE.
472 Tenth St.. Oakland.
'«2SOO Fine 2-story house. 9 rooms: lot 50x100;
sunny corner 3d aye.: house coat $3500; moat
: be- sold: see this at once.
$i/>OO— Cottage. \u25a07 ,- rooma and . high basement:
\u25a0kitchen and" dining-room . la -basement: lot
'40x125: owner Is non-resident: must be coM;
E. 24th near 3d aye. C. K. MARSHALL. 1070
Broadway. Oakland. . \
BNAP TO GOOD TENANT. -"^*^
' Nice 7-room house; larse grounds; . atabi*:
splendid locality; 2 blocks to S. P.. Local; $30. '
Phone - Oakland 3432. WILLIAM -M. . BUT-
TERS. 4(38 Eleventh st., Oakland.
LOT , 80x100: obolce . location on Bth rt. : must
b*sold;> offer wanted.- A. .J. TAIT. 1320
Seventh st.. \ Center Station. Oakland..' OAKLAND ADYEBT ? S ? M y TS
\ OAKLAJfD REALESTATa
,^»w, BKTSS 4 HORSWILL..
. LOANS— REAL. ESTATE— INSURANCE.
0 SPECIAL SPiXnAL SPECIAL '
Enaps. Snaps. Snaps.
Don't Miss These.
*J£?££r*;r )om C0l0Bl *». newlr new; large lot
fronting tuo streets; just east of Telegraph
Jifrv^l?* * 300 J 10^". balance like rent
>, -^^*" ro ? m ban «*low cottage: located X \
rv re P. tt * <1 tor t 25 ix» month: »ot 40x100 ft
J— oO— New 4-roost bungalow; lot 30x120 ft.;
\u25a0^SiSL^SL^ 2 *?^ 4 tor tb « nxoney.
• 001 Qo««a Anne; lot 32x120 ft;
ocijr 1 block rroa Key Rout* station; good 10-
cation. •
VtSOO — A swell S-rocm Queen Anne, cholra
location; lot 60x120; elegant yard of shrubbery.
*erna. palms, trait trees and berries; b* sure
aad se« UUa,
$4250 — This is' surely .a snap as Income Is
**• 60 per month; a very artistic pair of :
«ats, bungalow effect, saving all swell rooms, j
paneled wainscoting and beamed ceilings In
•dining-room; electric fixtures all made to order;.,
** thrown all finished with blocked tiling; large '
*'-*ie; broad staircases; elevated lot with. '
viuaker brick retaining wall and steps.
$7500^ — Swell pair of new modern fists, sunny
elde of street, within 10 minutes' walk of 14th
and Broadway: large lot; all large sunny ',
">«ns: genuine blrdseye maple mante.s
throughout; Income $70 per month.
LOTS. \u25a0
f SW) for a lot 60-ft frontage: only one-half
Mock troia Telegraph and within 15 minutes'
<walk of 14th and Broadway.
$1250 — North side of Merrlmao et.. close to
TVlegraph aye.; this la a good building lot or
speculation.
$1100 — (oxl2o ft; Buscy side of street oa
V«mon Heights-; select residence . location.
6TTRNBERG A LINDBERG.
1008 Broadway. - Oakland.
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THESE!
A brand new. fl-room. 2-story, colonial man-
? .en for $2700; paneled dining-room, beam cell-
ing; positively the most wonderful value ever
offered In a new home; swell location; sunny;
near Key Route and cars; Investigate; it will
fee worth your while.
31350^ — Clone to Telegrapn art. and crosstown
Key Route trains; new cottage. 4 rooms,
bath, etc: 40- foot zrontage; barn, etc.;
terms.
163—
$1800 — Neat cottage home, 0 rooms, bath, eta.;
cloee to Telegraph aye. and Fifty- fifth- st.
Key Route; 2 fine lots, 60x100 and 25x100;
fruit trees, etc; terms.
. ._— l9o
BTERNEERG St LINDBERO,
100S Broadway. Oakland.
BELDETTS BARGAINS.
$1150— Beautiful building site, 40x132. on
Veraon et, Verncn Heights; grand view; high
terrace.
52250 — Good speculation; lot 60x128. on 22d
et.. where new Key Route train is going, near
£*n Pablo aye.
$450 will buy 25x100 on 28th st. near San
Pablo aye. t
$2500 — Modern 6-room colonial cottage, with
lot £0x100; sunny cid* of street, near station.
- $1250 — A lifetime chance; a northwest 35- ft
corner lot on crown of hill. Veraon Heights;
superb view; 1 block to cars; near Senator Per-
kins' mansion; 27:6 or 40 ft at same rate;
i;: Tib it quick.
$675 will buy lot 83 1-3x115, on Edwards et.
bot. Telegraph aye. and Broadway; near Key
Route dejiot.
$1600 — Gocd 2-stcry 6-room house, block from
cr i'ot; easy terms. ' •
HELD EN.
Real Estate, 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
EVERYTHING No. I—s4oo1 — $400 cash. $10 monthly;
beautiful, artistic cottage. 3 large rooms;
material and workmanship the very best;
high" basement; very, little expense will make
«> rooms; foundation strong enough for 4-story
building; large fancy porch fronts the whole
building; house could not be built to-day for
Ws than $1500; note size of lot, 175x80, with
a number of full bearing: fruit trees, berries,
apples, apricots, pears, etc: city water and
well of water enough to Eupply a whole
block; schools, churches, electric cars; price
for dl $2200; adjolstav East Oakland. See
H. 7.. JONES, 458 Ninth st. near Broadway,
Oakland. . -
SOME BARGAINS.
An 80-foot frontage on 12th. Certain to
ctow in value.
. Choice corner 03 Grove et, with 12-room
hocse.,
Eight-room house on Va acre of land; ten
minutes north of City Hall, for $4000; easy
terms. Price might be a shade better.
Are you Interested in Franklin «treet prop-
erty pouth of 7th? We have a bargain that
will bear Investigation as to price and loca-
tion.
BELL & CAMPBELL,
___v 1223 Broadway.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
GOOD-PAYING FLATS.
We have four new, modern, up-to-date flats
that sr* paylmr net over 8% per cent; close
In: 50x100. north eide of street that can be
had for SlOOO less than you could buy the lot
and build them for; too much mortgage is
the only reason for selling; renting fpr $364
l*r annum: will be sold for $3000.
JA<;. S. NAISMITH. 1056 Washington et
FOR sale — In East Oakland: only 2 blocks
\u25a0frcm new 4tb-ave. car depot; choice corner;
ltd by 150 feet: $2500 can be cleared on this
iroperty by subdividing; all taxes paid aad
abstract furaisb*d with clear deed.
B. H. WELCH & CO..
Btb av*..and East 18th et, Oakland.
7-ROOM house. Santa Clara aye., near Oak-
land aye.; Just completed; modern in every
respect; lot 35x144; very reasonable for quick
cale. \u25a0 \u25a0 "- ' \u25a0 - .
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
COTTAGE for rent; strictly modern; close. to
Telfgraph aye. and 37th st.; $25, including.,
water to Al party. This is a snap. For
particulars and key apply to HARRY L.
HOLCOMB. Renting, Real Estate and In-
rurance. 314 San Pablo aye.. Oakland. Cal.
EKKINS VAN AND STORAGE CO.. general
movers— We have the best warehouse In the
West (only covered vans B«ed). DON'T
MISTAKE THE NUMBER. 1016 Broadway,
\u25a0Oakland: phone Main 907.
OAKLAND FURXITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day Tor bargains in furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th St.. cor, store. Oakland.
EAST OAKLAND REA I. ESTATE.
CLEVENGER, '
1220 Twenty-third Avenue.
$1200 — 6-room house. In a good location, handy
to street cars, with a fine lot 44x144. This
is a snap for anybody who wants a com-
fortable home at a bargain; $400 cash,
balance flat loan.
*2250 Fine, modern 6-room bungalow; every-
thing up to date: Isrge lot; $500 cash.
fX2OO Splendid lot 100x200, with small house,
barn and other Improvements: part cash.
$1150 l-room house; barn, chicken-yard and
garden plat; lot 50x250; 3 blocks from
street cars.
$4000— Large house; well built and in a choice
location; hardwood finish.
Choice building lots at prices to suit your
above are selected from among several
hundred pieces of property that we have for
ea!t. WE CAN SUIT YOU. <
1220 23D AYE. " Phone Vale 2581.
23D AYE. STATION.
San Francisco Advert ? s ? ent3
MEETINGS— -SUyp AY.
JOHN WILSON' and C. Lottringer will hold
spiritual meetings, .2 and 8. A. O. F. buili-
lng^ 102 CFarrell st. ; \u25a0,
MME. YOUNG, Mrs. Seal, demonstrate spirit
return to-night. 10c 875 McAllister st;
come, skeptics. - - -.
I. T. B. Spiritual Church, Scottish Hall. 8 p.m.
Maxwell. Cook, Franks, Sill, Coakly, Arm-
Ktrong. I \u25a0 - ,
MRS UARLAND'S evening drclea;- prophetic
t*ets; 70c; business readings. 50c,; $1. 148 6th.
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1200 Market, r. 10, Gait House,
AT Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; Uasta every eve.; 10c; reads daily. .-
W Q. KEEGAN holds a t«st seance every
night except Saturday. 10c. 148 Sixth st
UEETIXGS — Universal , Bro« bcrli nod.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theoaophical
Society rKatherine Tingley, leader and offi-
cial bead). San Francisco center, 912 Bush
st. ; free public meetings every Sunday/ 8
'~ p. m. The above organisation has no con-
nection with any other so-called • Tbeosopbi- 1
cal bodies In tb« city.
BIEETXJVGS — THEOSOPHJCAL.
THE Taeofophical Society,- Academy of . 831-
•neM Hall— Public lecture, 8 p. m.~ by Mr.
Thomas Prime; .eubject, "Reincarnation."
CHURCH SERVICES. /
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
eon and Flllmore sts. — Rev. John Hemphlll,
D. D. t pastor. Morning service at U o'clock;
eermoa topic, "The Power That Comes From
Complete Surrender." The pastor , will
preach. .Evening, service at 7:30 o'clock.
Professor Samuel Satthlanadhan. M. A., L.
L. D., Madras, India, will deliver an address;
topic, "What Christianity Has Done for
India." Sabbath school at 9:30 a. m. Chria-
tlan Endeavor meeting at 6:15 p. m. Prajer
meeting Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. ,
All ar» cordially tnvited.
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. cor. Geary
*nd Franklin ets.— Rev. Bradford Leavitt.
minister. Junior Church and • Sunday achool
are at 10 o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavitt
and Mrs. Humphrey Bmlth. superintendents.
Sunday service la at 11 o'clock. There Is
no evening service. Mr. Leavitt will preach;
subject "A Lesson From Elijah." Music by
Quartet - under direction of H. Bretherlck.
orgaalEt. All are cordially Invited.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Twentieth
and, Capp sts. (take Mission. Valencia or
iioward st ear) — C. Oalvert Smoot, minis-
ter; residence. 3470 Twentieth st Sunday
•chool at »:45 a. m. Morning service at 11
o clock. Subject of sermon, "Socratea."
Evening eerrlce. 7:45; subject of aennon.
T*e Chronlo Optimist." Choir under the
direction of Mrs. H. E. Franck. All cor-
dlally Invited.
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission st. between
Blxth and Seventh — The' pastor. Rev. • George
. W. White, will preach at both services to-
day. Morning subject. "Are We a Christian
Ration?' Evening, 'The Love that Saves."
Sunday-echool at 12:45, Rolla V. Watt super-
intendent Young people's meetings at 8:15.
Seats free. ' Everybody welcome. Good mu-
sic
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Neas aye.
and Sacramento st— Rev. Wm. Krik Guthrie,
pastor. Services at 11 a, m. and 7:30 p. m.
Rev. Arthur Hicks will preach in the morn-
ing and Rev. A. F. McGarrah in the even-
ing. Bible school, 0:45 a. m.; Christian En-
deavor, 6:15 p. m.; Wednesday, 8 p. m.,
midweek aervlce. . All are cordially Invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Poet
and Mason ato. — Rev. George C Adams,
I>.D., pastor, will preach at both services.
At 11 a. m.. topic, "Persecuted for Right-
eousness Sake." At 7:45 p. m., topic. *\A
Safe Financial Policy." All are cordially
tnvited.
FIRST Baptist Church. 320 Eddy at.— Rev.
George E. Burllngame. D.. D.. Covenant
Church, Chicago, will preach at 11 a. m. end
7:30 p. m. Bible-school at 12:80. A. A.
Macurda, musical director all services. C. E.
societies meet at 6:30 p. m. Midweek prayer
service, 7:45 p. m. on Wednesday. All are
Invited. Seats free.
CHRISTIAN Science services— First Church of
Christ. Scientist. Central block] 223 Sutter
et.- bet Kearny and Grant aye. Services, 11
a. ra. and 7:45 p. m.; subject of lesson ser-
mon. "Christian Science." Sunday school
for children. 11 a. m. Wednesday evening
meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading-rooms,
206 Kearny - st. rooms 509-510. All are
welcome. .-'...
THE People's • Church meets Sunday evenings
In Red Men's building 220 Golden Gate aye. ;
subject this evening, "A Knight of the Twen-
tieth Century." Pastor, Mrs. Anna L. Gll-
lesple; residence 631 Van Ncsa aye.
AT the Young Men's Christian Association,
Mason and Ellis sts. — A meeting for men
only will be held this (Sunday) afternoon at'
<3 o'clock. Tho Robson Orchestra will furnish
Instrumental music and the address will be
given by Rev. George Burllngame of Chicago.
Song service at 4 o'clocK and group study
classes at 4:30 o'clock. AH men are cordial-
ly invited. ' \u25a0"\u25a0
SUNDAY LECTURES.
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN will give a free lec-
ture thla evening, 8 o'clock, at Electricians'
Hall, 25 Eddy st- subject "The Lungs and
Their Diseases," followed by beautiful Illus-
trated eongs; remember the question box.
You fire cordially Invited to attend and learn
something of Importance.
SCHOOL of Metaphysics— Mrs. Elizabeth
Deures will hold an open question meeting
every Sunday evenlne at 8 o'chx* in her
classroom. Pavla building. 643 Sutter at:
all Interested are cordially invited.
FREE hypnotic lecture and exhibition, Sun., 3 .
p. ra.; subject "Power of Mind Over Mat-
ter"; I. O. O. F. Hall, 7th and Market ats.
PHILOSOPHICAL Society— Dr. J. L. York on.
"The New Religion" at Seandla Hall. 8 p.m.
sharp; good music; voluntary contribution.
AT 222 Van Ness aye. — Brotherhood of At-
- lantis: free lecture and messages to-night by
Mrs. L. E. E. Drew.
"SCIENCE, of Being" lecture: subject, "What
Is Man?" by Sarah J. Watklns to-night 1120
Sutter at.
FREE Thought Assn.. 161 City Hall aye., .2
p. m. "Would Socialism Abolish the Home?"
MISS Frances E. Speyer, Golden Gate Hall,
8 "p. m.; "Jesus: the Ministry": adm. 25c.
MEETING NOTICES.
CLAN FRASER No. 78. O. S. C > jrCS
have secured the world renowned i^Sf-i
Scottish srtma donna, Mica Jessie t i T ( " i i^*\v
MacLachlan. for two concerts to > v .
be held In Native Bons* Hall, 414 (?..£*
Mason St.. en TUESDAY EVEN- ** x
ING, December 20, 1905, and THURSDAY
EVENING. December 28, 1905. Concert at 8
p. ra. Reserved seata $1, general admission
50 cents. THOMAS A. MCKRO. Chief.
A NICHT In Auld Scotland— The S. . C?v^
F. Scotch Thiatl* Club will hold 3V, SiM
- their 2-' id annual hogmanay supper '^>'*vX££
and ball SATURDAY EVENING,
Dec. aO, at Lyric Hall, 119 Eddy at. A gala
time- to all. Grand march, 8:30 p. m. ; sup-
per, 11:15 p. m. ; admission $1 50 each. Hat
aDd cloak room for guests.
GEO. SV. PATERSON, Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE, Recorder.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING.
A special meeting cf the members of the
Mechanics' Institute will be held TUESDAY
EVENING, December 19. 1905, at 8 o'clock, at
the- Mechanics' Institute. 31 Post st, .San
Francisco, \u25a0to receive and act upon th« report
of the committee on conference with the Mer-
cantile Library Association, \u25a0In reference to
combining the Mercantile Library with the
library of the Mechanics' Institute. (
RUDOLPH J. TAUSSIG. President
JAMES G. BPAULDING. Rec Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
Wells - Fargo Nevada National Bank of San
Francisco. Cal./ will be held at its banklng-
1 house 801 Montgomery St., San Franciaco,
Cal.. on TUESDAY, January 9,. 1006, at 3:15
p. m., for the" election of dlreetora> to:*erv«
during the" ensuing year.- and for the -trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the ; meeting.
. F. L. LIPMAN. Secretary.
ATTORiVEYS-AT-LAW. "
DIVORCE: coeta; $12; quick, quiet; advice free;
no fee in advance; no charge unless success-
ful ;' open evngs. ; wills, deeds, leases, bills of
sale and i articles of copartnership; corpora-
tion* organized; bankruptcy; collections; pro-
bating of estates. 927, Market, r. 301..
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor, • entrance - room Cll ; established 20
ycara; all courts, general courta . and office
. practice; no fee in advance or for conaulta-
. tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601/
ADVICE free, all legal matters. '
No charge unlesa successful. - i '
No advance fees.'. > '"•• •
\u25a0 All law business. Established 20 years.' "
Examiner building, room 31ft, third floor.' ".
ADVICE free: legal divorce costs $12;' all law
' cares handled; no fee in advance: open Sat-
urday evenings;' other evening* by appoint-
ment: cali and save money. 819 Mkt; r. 53..
COLUMBIAN Law and Col. Ag., r. 85.: 910
Market/ opp.-. Emporium: teL Montgy, 1310:
legal matters and collections; eld established.
M. L. RYAN. Atty-at-Law./ 1143 Market st,
opp. Hales* ;. all courts, advice, collections;
' open evenlnga,
L. 8. CLARK, 927 Market room 302. congulta-
t!on free: no fee in advance. Open evenlnga.
AOCOUyTA.NTg.
ACCOUNANT 8 services, $10 and upward -. per
\u25a0 month: -includes keeping your books; examin-
ations and financial statements made; private
lnatroc. bookkeeping, etc. Rm. 63. 809 Mrket.
-AUTOMOBILES.
IV you are. Interested either 'as a prospective
purchaser or as one desiring to sell it la
worth your while . to get . in . touch \u25a0 with : me;
eatabllshed In 1901 : second-hand cars exclu-
sively. R. H. MORRIS, Auto Broker, 675
Thirty-sixth st. Oakland. -.;.- . ?;•;..
•'CRESTMOBILE"; in | fine I shape: detachable
tonneau ; - engine -in front; direct drive ; ~ good
power; seata \u25a0 five ; cost ' $1050; - will - sacrifice
for $375 this week. DR. RA YN ARD. ' 1314
Telegraph aye.. Oakland.^ \u25a0 *
1900 MODEL ' Compounds ; arrived ; ::\u25a0 prize-win-
ner in 700-mile economy test; demonstrations
day. night' S.'F.AUto Co.'lne.. 416 Ninth.'
WANTED — Automobile ;" for cash; muat be in
good running order; give make and prioe.:
Box 1709. Call office. .' . , ;
MECH ANICST bargains ; In ' steam runabouts,
I etc' ll2l 36th »t. nr. San Pablo aye.. Oakland,
FINE 25-hcrsepower top delivery automobile in
, good order cheap. H 1506 Folsom st: « ;
AUTOCAR/ deuchable tonneau ; eood . condl-
. .tion; new tlrea;f gC00..;..' 300, Webster , at T--..; J
; \u25a0\u25a0 " ,:\u25a0-; ; , . ' :\u25a0 ADOPTIO3T/;r -j; ' ::; I -
WANTED--Baby } from" birth : : 1 deal \u25a0 home. " ; Dr.
V Funke'a Maternity Villa, 1416 Bth,' Oakland.
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1905.
' "V 'BOOKKEEPING. \u25a0 .. ' : ' _ - :'.'
LET \ia keep i your' books; nothing too large,'
nothing . too small ; ; we make 1 a specialty of
:» keeping umall sets of bookauv • - ;
THE -FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO., >
\u25a0 TeL Montgomery 131L -\u25a0? : : \r ::-': 930 Market at-
* ' B ICY CLE S— For \ sale or Exchance.
BICYCLE wanted; l chalnleas. preferred: \u25a0 must
- state price, s; Box ;. 2817. i Call • office. ~ - :
CARPET-BEATING X AND >' CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process uaed
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpet and rues also \u25a0 cleaned by compressed
air. at shon; sricea moderate.: > S. F. -• Com-
. - pressed Air > Cleaning Company,'. 308 Market
at; phone Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted : with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st TeL South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Worka, 1809 Har-
rlson st; Al cleaning, : Sc. Phone Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., J. McQueen
proprietor., 329 Guerrero at.; teL Mission 49. •
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co./ 402 Sutter et;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM * CO./ Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth at.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard..- Tel.' Mission 74.' ,0-*
RUDOLPH It CO.. carpet beating works ; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel.Mlsslon 263.
' -'" ' -'. \u25a0"''-\u25a0\u25a0 LAUNDRIES/ V "-' - 'I--'
JAPANESE laundry and dry ; cleaning \u25a0 work.
2122 Flllmore »t: tel. \u25a0 Geary 2053. . \u25a0
CORNS, bunions, etc.; removed by electricity; :
no pain. : EINFELT. 1095 Market at." r.'; "17.
_^BUSINESS CHANCES.
$2000— RESTAURANT, centrally located ; rent
$65; receipts $45 daily. . .(. ,'
$1200— Saloon , in: tenderloin; a money-
maker and will bear investigation.
$2500— French laundry, with all tools, ma-
chinery, horse, - : harness and wagon; also 6
living rooms upstairs., all furnished; rent
$45; good buy. .
$1400— Good-paying bakery in Al location;
sales $35 per day; rent $50 per month,, with
6 living rooms. \u25a0 '\u0084
$2750— 52000 cash/balance on time; half
interest in one of i the beat paying businesses
in dtv. ,
$3000— Factory and art store, picture
, frames, stationery, artists'. 'materials', etc.;
' stock will invoice a king . price; old-estab-
llfched and a money-maker. . .. •
$4000 — Sawmill.' tiO-hp.- boiler and. engine,
with complete: equipments; will sell half
' Interest. - :--.".\u25a0.- ; , -.'\u25a0-.,•
$15,000— Hotel in good money town; this
includes buildins. . - -\u25a0 . . \u25a0-' • . •
CALIFORNIA BUYERS' UNION.
1251-53-65 Jas. Flood bldg.. San Francisco.
ARE you looking for a good investment, ..where
you will get good returns for the money in-
vested? We have opportunities for you that
are safe and reliable.
.. -\u25a0- • \u25a0 '. • ;\u25a0
We have large propositions for the man
of large means.
For the man with small Income we have
elegant propositions where he can Invest his
savings and enhance his
CALIFORNIA BUYERS' -UNION,
1251-53-55, James Flood bldg.,
\u25a04 San Francisco. •
' ' - ' .. . '\u2666 ' \u25a0
HAVE you got a good business proposition
•that will stand cloee investigation? If fo
we have buyers with $1000 ' to $15,000 seek-
tns: Investments. - . '
." - CALIFORNIA BUYERS'. UNION.
1251-53-55 Jas. Flood bid./ San Francisco.
FOR f ale— Located in the central portion of
California on railroad, a-3-story brick build-
ing containing a hotel of ,43 rooms, also
parlor, office, dining-room, bar, . closets,
bathrooms, etc., also large sample room:
everything in first-class running order; .will
make price reasonable to a legitimate buyer:
this hotel is located in a prosperous farming
* community and. doing a good business. . Ad -
dress box 2798. Call office. '
AA— MONEY-JVIAKER; do you want iti Best
manufacturing ' proposition <in the s. State to-
day; come -see; Al article, . entirely new, will
stand close Investigation; easily, made; sells
on sight; big profits; quick returna of invest-
ment; exceptionally fine opportunity;^ write
or call and be convinced: don't delay.- W." C.
CLARKE. 22<il Shattuck aye.. Berkeley.
FOR sale — A perfectly equipped -photographic
studio in Chicago;' 8. yeara. esUblished: up
to date \u25a0in every particular; first-class . loca- :
tlon; fine trade- /orice $COCO. For " particu-
lars, address H. FRANKFURTER, Sl3 New
York Life building,' Chicago.- 111.
WANTED — Responsible man to manage branch
office and depot for large coffee and spice com-
pany owning Us own mills; salary up to $200
monthly and commissions;, ref erencea and in-
vestment of $1000 - reuuired. Address " Man-
ager, 18 River St., Chicago. '.-\u25a0\u25a0:.\u25a0
RESTAURANT (lunch place) clearing . $4000
annually; . located in \u25a0 business district; . long
lease; good reasons for selling; cash or real ;
estate. .219 Grant building. . :.
FOR sale — A first-class family hotel, located
iti the business portion of the Western Addi-
tion; full all the time; making a good profit.
Addreaa for particulars, box 2900/ Call office;
no agents. \u25a0 _ : • .
FOR sale Leading Berkeley restaurant; Rood
patronage; best central location; will be
•old at a bargain, as party has other busi-
ness. M. P. -W. ALBEE, Real Estate, 2139
Center st. Berkeley. ; , f ..
A WELL-ESTABLISHED : cigar stand , In
front cl barber . ahop. with good trade; will
either sell or take partner- who understands
the business; price $100. Inquire box 2000.
Call office. .--.--. .-\u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0«..;\u25a0:•-..
A SMALL general merchandise "store In a
* town : in 1 Contra Costa County; good business
and field for improvement;; this is a bargain;
will sell reasonable. Address box 1807,. Ca11.
WANTED — To : buy a ' small ; hotel v/lth barn
B and. other outbuildings' In or near southern
. mines. ' Address \u25a0 box 3107y Call office.' .
FOR . sale — A . nicely located ' saloon on ' street
near Junction of Market; 'full stock of wines,
liquors and cigars." "^-For further particulars
address box 1090, Call office ; no agents. .' \u25a0'.
FOR - sale— ln Oakland, a small \u25a0• store which
one man ; can; handle with assistance 'of a'
boy; will sell at Invoice. Address box 2903,
office. -\u25a0•-. - \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0' '\u25a0' \u25a0 ;.-:'^ ; ;-v'-. '- . '.-'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 i ;.'; .' - ?-.-
WANTED — To ; buy for) cash,-., a- delicatessen
store In" a good location.:' Give full r particu-
lars to box 2501. : Call Of flee. : , :V
WILL pay a. 'bonus' to" any one "giving- me
. Information of - a good ." location - tb open . a
grocery; and bar.'. ,: Address , box 2601/-, Call.'i r *:-
GOOD chance for party with ; small ' capital ; es-
tablished contracting business ; Hend to office
and books or, outside, f 708 Market*at./'r.201.
FOR sale— A general merchandise jin * country; |
part cash,: balance -on i' timer will; sell; at
«•'. invoice. . Box ,- 1903.' Call , office.' v^s; . ..,
FOR sale reasonable,' in the Mission; 1 a notion
' "and stationery store;"* will- liase or. rent; 4
living rooms. Box'27oa, Call office.:
WANTED — To buy ' atattonery - and ' notion .
* . store ; ' atate " amount ~: of '. '.atock \u25a0&,-. on '--\u0084 hand, \u25a0
amount of gales, " rent, : etc.':-': Box : 2500, ' CalL
'IF > you * have a * good / hotel ; In ; Northern ' Call ;
; - f ornla, one • thut will pay ; good • income, \u25a0 ad -
dress boxr 3loB, Call. 'offlce.\j - .:. .
WANTED— A general merchandise atore; , will
" trade imoroved : real - estate ; >or- pay-'. cash;
' trade * preferable. \u25a0 ? Box. 1808/; Ca\l ; office. "';.-»
AN old, eatabllshed poultry-yard to rent, : with
1 .. fixtures : for. sale.'' 0485 \u25a0 Tel ; aye.;; Oakland. r
LADY or gentleman "'.wishing Ito I Invest I small
- aum in , fine paying I business guaranteeing \u25a010
* per : cent.- with • position -\u25a0 In ; company at f good
, salary ; and i ample -: security, given,-- would ; do
welt to investigate this. , Call or addresa room
• .318 James Flood ; building. « \u25a0:. "\u25a0:•-: -• ;xx
BRIGHT young ! man with f very i small . capital
•: can /have : good'- opportunity- to engage in
: •". buelness; " will be ' guaranteed $50 per ' month
.. salary- to \u25a0'\u25a0 f tart ; call > and "; lnf estigate \u25a0\u25a0: this.
Room 318/, Jamea \u25a0: Flood * building. '\u25a0-.
i- ; * '.?;. FOR SALE AT \u25a0 SACRIFICE. '--'
: •'• ; \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0•\u25a0"\u25a0 Fine Cigar -Store. •":"\u25a0' ..,'\u25a0-
' Right : In • heart' of "\u25a0 Oakland. : Thousanda of
people passing to and, fro daily. "u Next to S.^P.'
ticket office ;on < Seventh .'. «t; 'j near > Broadway.
This i la ' your « opportunity «t to » »tep 4lnto4 Into .'a'- well
paying business ; and : a good ; income. A For; full
particulars call? or? addresa
-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 BAY/? CITIES ? BEALTY \u25a0 CO., , . ' '
' '.477 Eleventh 'at; jXJakland.";' .
GENTLEMAN : owning large j farm jin Oregon,
an ,4 experienced \u25a0 poultryroan, i desires ; working
partner," married " preferred, % with- $2000, v? to
establiah it an - up-to-date 1 poultry,^: squab -\u25a0 and
-''-" fruit • farm } t inveatment »\WIU > net \u25a0• 100 •\u25a0 i per
; cent Addreaa 1 all ; repllea \u25a0* to box : 2884,": Call.
SINGLE, sober,, ateadyiman or, womantwanted
\u25a0" \u25a0\u25a0 as ' 'partner nln i» restaurant * and • i lunchhouse; '
. must be good plain cook and willing to take
-charge of kitchert ;>; $200: required. v3234A
\u25a0\u25a0„-' Adeline' at. South Berkeley.,: '/ 'W ' ..-. -..u : -
;2200— HOTEL' with 26 rooma,"! newly furnished ;<
- good 1 bar > r trade ; i cheap '\u25a0 rent :\u25a0 and \u25a0 long * lease.
Box 2866. Call office. -^. -;-\u25a0: \u25a0 .r \u25a0•;--:,•\u25a0--:. v : X~-
'\u25a0 FOR sale— Saloon;! transfer corner: 'receipts $20
.\ to • $26 ? per j day; ?\u25a0 owner leaving;: city, r? Apply ;
1 : -ft 502 i Washington :et^i room : 5; : no agents.':3; : v : i ;
$000 'cash" for/ third 1 Interest * lnf business ! ;i that
, .'\u25a0 will ; pay.-'- each "g $250 ? mo. : f investigate ; I ref er- t
ences exchanged/: Call! 1140 James Flood bldg/.
C> ' BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— s46o;'', WOOD "and coal i yard, 'south of i Maf^
:' ket ; r rent'C $20; lease; '.1 2 * horses.;; 2 ..wagons;
: death in; family; only /cause ; of ; sale.* R.\G.
. . .WILKE, 26% Kearny at: »'. - >-\u25a0\u25a0 l :->: ->i -^ 'V
A— s9so: l SALOON on water front, I opp. Fer-
'-•Ty bldg;; net. rent $60. '.Call R.G. WILKE.
' 26^. Kearny gt.-v ...-,:: -.-:.-.i-' r : -
A— sl4oo; \u25a0 OYSTER : and chop - house " close to
a Market and '- Fourth - sts. ; : rent $50 ;; dally re-
\u25a0'=. ceipts" s4o; well-established;: good- business.
R. Q. WILKE. 20& Kearny st. \u25a0 "..-. .'
A— s2oo- CORNER cigar stand; close to Palace
i Hotel ; rent only. $20; bargain. R. G/ WILKE,
: Kearay:»t;.'" : ' -s" 'J;;.^-/'?:?-'.
A— s2oo; HALF Interest', in "collection and real
estate office, '\u25a0 Emma Spreckels building; hon-
e st office man needed. Call R. G. WILKE,
- '26H- Kearny «t-:':-.-.- :.::\u25a0. '' ' ; - ''•'\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'' >
A— s3ooo; MANUFACTURING and art store, as
\u25a0"• picture >• frames, : : artiats'." material, ;. window.
J . shades/fine stationery, ; etc. ; ' owner, in 1 buel-
nees' years,- wants to ; retire; full lvalue in
1 sight or take stock; -leading business street.
/-\u25a0' Particulars R.,Q. WILKE, 26^ Kearny at;,:
A—sBso;A — $850; CORNER grocery and dairy producta;
'•on \u25a0 Guerrero st. ; \u25a0 living rooms; ' rent " s27 80;
'\u25a0tfull value in eight; owner to leave forAua-
.}'•- tralla.: Call R.-. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A—sl6,ooo;A — $16,000; CORNER saloon on Market, close to
H First st. ; lease; one of the best places in this
city.' •: Particulars R. G. WILKE, . - 28%
-,'Ktamy: st. - V \u25a0-'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' . : \u25a0\u25a0 ' "J \u25a0'\u25a0 : :\u25a0'\u25a0 ."- \u25a0• -;
A— s6ooo; SALOON on Market st; : this Is one
:\u25a0 vof the .best • places : in this city ; ' owner sacri-
fices - because engaged in >\u25a0 other \u25a0\u25a0: enterprise ;
' location the most • prominent. All particulars
• R. Q-.WH.KE. 26%- Kearny st ",.~ ' i- "..".. r .':\u25a0'\u25a0
A—s2Soo;A — $2S00; CORNERS grocery. 'and bar;* near
German Hospital ; place established years; a
good business; owner, a widow; wants to go
. to' Germany. \u25a0- R. G. WILKE. 26% * Kearny.
WANTED— To . buy -. a-\u25a0a -\u25a0 saloon .. on ' some \u25a0 proml-
' nent . street" in^ San ' Francisco; > state price
J asked. : Box 1001. Call office. ; - - ,- .\u25a0'> -X -\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0-\u25a0.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar; for. sale; new,
" stock of groceries, wines , and \u25a0 liquors; a prico
StiOOO. Further particulars of box 1708. Call.
WANTED— Good steady man with 5 $300 1 take
interest in \u25a0 established business; . good wages
to right man. Call 1312 Market' at.- room 628.
$5W AND -services -for /controlling- interest;
hours short: \u25a0' business \u25a0 aKretahle, 1 legitimate, :
.. profitable. Box 6225, ; Call of flee, " Oakland.
FOR eale — Fine corner salcon; ln Wsetern Ad-
, dltion; on car lines., Apply , National
Brewery, between 12 • and 2 -, p. m. ' ' •_=
I HAVE $2000 to Invest by January . 1 .In a
good < business.' Give full particulars to box
2503. Call office. . : . >: .: \u0084-^
FOR'cale^ — On Turk i at/ cloae ,' in, grocery and
: bar; good stock. Particulars ; box 1098.- Call.
A GOOD paylns: husiness I for sale. ' -Address
P. O. Box 439. Healdsburg. Cal. .
PARTNER In real estate and loan business;
no money required. PROVES/ 1148 Market.
WILL buy a small store In a small' country
town. : AddrtSß box M 902, Call" of flee.
HOTEL for sale at North Beach ; good ; com-
munity -for^_trade I _Bo2t%l7o7^_ttU_offlce.
WANTED— To buy \u25a0 a restaurant; give"-- loca-"
tlon,, seating capacity, etc. Box 1809,: Call.'
BLUE book on patents and Hat "What: to; ln-
vent, "-free to any address; patents aecured
or fee returned. GEO. 6. VASHON <fe CO..
' 078 F et. .Washington. D." C. .
NEWSPAPER route \u25a0 for sale In Oakland; a
. good Call route in Oakland for sale.- Apply
at Call business office for particulars. :\u25a0..-.• :
OLD established hay, grain and: coal yard for
'.sale. Inquire at 1118 Pacific, at. -
NEAT chophouse; close *to big ' car ' ; barn/: for
sale;lrent $20. \u25a0\u25a0 Inquire 1228 Flllmore at. ; \u25a0-.'
RACES-r-SSO capital wins $12 dally; positive
', proof. .. BLAIR, 935 ' Market : st./, room ?1;
CANDY, : Ice cream parlor,- suitable for lady;
rent $11; long lease. , 2821 Mission at. •
GOOD Call rpute - for • sale.' ' Apply at Call
offlcg/ •-"^-•- - "" "-' '\u25a0'"\u25a0'- ''' " ' "-'\
' LODGING-HOUSES . FOR SALEI •
BALDWIN REALTY CO., 90« Market, rms 6-tt
- . ' \u25a0 Phone John 4400.
HOUSES BOUGHT. SOLD AND EX-
. CHANGED. .
MONEY TOVIXJAN. -
44 rooms: a fine location; all full of roomers,
clt«ring.s26o to $300 per: month guaranteed;
books* -- 'open ' for Inspection.' \u25a0• Exclusively
BALDWIN REALTY CO., 906 Market
14 rooms Post st.; velvet carpets,^ oak: furni-
ture and birdeeye maple; "must sell at once.
Price, $1000: half caah. . V
BALDWIN REALTY CO., 900 Market st, cor.
.1- Ellis, at-.; r : Phone John 449tt. : ;
'\u25a0'-'-t,- MARION GRIFFIN, V-, '.-"«,
,', 1 970 Market st., room, 801, eighth floor,
f ROOM INGrHO USES, and REAL! ESTATE. I ,
FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE. FREE LIST.-
FItJHER & C 0... ... . : . ..'. " .. Phone - Main 3354
. ..'\u25a0.' sßoom 4UB James Flood building. .:".v ; ;
' Furnished roomlng-houecs, ' hotels f and '' flats.
A . PRIVATE J rooming-house ?of 10 \ rooms ; , all
furnished in new modern flat; 'fine neighbor-
hood; - near park; - must be . sold . and .ati, a
barßuln; investigate at once; a paying house.
Call llf.O Turk: st \u25a0-:»\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-- \u25a0
WANTED— A lodging house, about 20 rooms:
furniture I must be in - good - condition. < -: Give
full rjartlcular*, box 2999, Call of flee. A. '
ROOMJNO-HOUSE— WeII furnished.- low rent,'
12 rooms; -full -:good -tenants; no agents.
Box 2859, Call. , \u25a0
$550— ROOMIING house for sale. 646 Minna st.
FOR wile-f-A ' corner i lodging-house/. 14 S rooms,
on : first \u25a0' floor. - 302 Fourth : st. ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ' -..
, i _^_, jv^^- CLAIRVOYANTS.^^^^
AA— ALWAYS CONSULT THE BEST. ,' r/*r /*
; Vt PROF.- NIBLO/- -
ASTRAL DEAD TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK. .' i :.
MY ' $5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS, $1.
- -: \u25a0•':-» $I— LOW.. 'FEE— SI. .. '
BRING CALL COUPON AND 'SAVE $4.
MY $5 COMPLETE ' LIFE READING FOR
$1 IF YOU 'BRING THJS
' ADVERTISEMENT.
411 A ELLIS STi, NEAR JONES.
NO CHAROK IF NOT SATISFIED WHEN
' READING IS OVER— - - •
YOU TO BE JUDGE. ; ,
I DO HEREBY, SOLEMNLY AGREE AND
GUARANTEE to make no charge if I fall to
. call i you ' by : name * in . ! full/" names of \u25a0 your
1 friends.': enemiea \u25a0 or.' rivals.! , l l promise : to \ tell ;
.- whether "your husband, <wlfe or sweethearfis
'true or false; tell you how'] to gain the love of
."•the ! one | you most d«air*, - even , though miles
, X away: ; how : to succeed in \u25a0 business, specula-
, .tlon, lawsuits/h ow 1 to marry the one of your
v choice ; i how to regain youth," :. health and vi-
tality. \u25a0 = Removes evil . influences. •-. cures drink '
; habits, i- locates •\u25a0 treasures, ! . cures f all : nervous
.-\u25a0 '\u25a0-, diseases. •'•,*. ~^-'.\'<:,'t' •\u25a0>',',: '£, '\u25a0 '-. \u25a0
\u25a0 .'.\u25a0 j. How can^l have good luck? , -
- ". How! can I succeed In business? . »
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0• r \u25a0 How c!a.n I ; make ' my . home happy? - '
r \u25a0/: How' can- 1 conquer my;en.emiesT>v - " :
1 How-canil^marry ;the one I choose?
; \u25a0•'; How can ' I marry •; well ? ~' V: •;;• :;, ;<>: ) ' •
.->. r How. soon cans Iv marry 7 .*- '/.::>\u25a0-
How, can 1 1 1 conquer \u25a0 my ; rival ? ' .- . -
\u25a0.How can; I make anyone love ma?l ,'
\u25a0j! How ; soon ' will . my \u25a0 lover ; propose ?':
' •' • Hew; canll . get*. a \u25a0 good. position'V •
•J ; How, can I. remove bad .• Influences ?
; How can '' I control any \u25a0 one ?
How make distant ones: think of me?
\u25a0 \u25a0' How can I bold; my husband's love 7
;. . '\u25a0•• How ; can ; I • kee j> _: my ? wife' s : love ? \u25a0
Oldest Etabllshed. Firet Rejristered. >'
Best Known Clairvoyant in Calif ornla.
I WILL GIVE YOU LUCK \u25ba THAT: WINS
1 success in * love, ' marriage;.; divorce,"; specula-
tivin, business, health and transactions of > all.
/ kinds : * restores * lost • affections,!' cause : speedy
' •"\u25a0 and ' happy t marriage, \u25a0 reunite the ? separated ; j
\u25a0 I ,will tell ' you « how i to gain' the \u25a0 love ;of,. the
one '\u25a0:\u25a0 you c desire,"?-" even \u25a0-'. though »' miles I away ;
: : will- tell 1 whom and f when! you s will i marry, vs. -.'
/ I-WILL' TELL g YOU" HOW «TO? attract.".
\u25a0 control and j change J the ' ; thoughts,*! Intentions, i
• ' actions 1 or ; character fao • that - you * v will i reach
7 the « highest 1 poaalble ' development * of } mental
. vigor, s health, happiness : and capacity to «am
\u25a0 . wealth;;how;to accumulate a 1a 1 fortune and 'be,
\u25a0':; happy. \<;^L'i>// -"::\u25a0'. "/.^.v" '.".".>•--.:" i.;;.':-^."S.T: ? .\u25a0
*y -Others' may come ; and others : may ; go/ but
ivProfeEsor NIBLO always remains...'- •• \u0084;;\u25a0/,. --; \u25a0/.;\u25a0
'Readlnrs'by Mall —6 'Questions— sl."-- : ;
. HOURS,,IO TOB. -DAILY -AND SUNDAY.
! ;411A EI-LIS ST.;-NEAR ; JONES; /.
'•' Permanently;- located* in^ hit own home. ••
.... '*• PROFESSOR NIBLO. -^C- :
•\u0084•-. \u25a0 -\u25a0-.•=.. .;--' WONDERFUL.^-' v . - - ; '
, TRIAL! READING.* v ; .
'"\u25a0-• The r ohly;dead-: traricei medium In the'i.worM.' :
His . startlifigr 'V revelations "abe^wonder^ of ; all.",
Past.t present,'* future \u25a0 told \u25a0 correctly. ; Send * owe '
writing/ with birth date, dime/ envelope. 1 ; PROF.
GEORGE I HALL. St. Loulß.i Mo.r» Drawer 1343.
MAMIE, \u25a0 the j wonder/i clairvoyant ! and : palmist,
m can ? convince I the moat 1 skeptical I without | ask- -
'*\u25a0''\u25a0 Ing a" question ; ' consult ' her.'fa 431i O'Farreli.'it
MME.: KRONENBERG/ clairvoyant 'card read-
M er, 1 * palmist : I when I others l fall .• try.; tne ; I good
--:'... reading 25c; \u25a0no algnAiO2% i eth.^i nr.ifMiaalon.;
MISS ' ZEMDAB, young, 4 gifted clair. and palm.,'
t B has I aecond I eight ; Ia • wonderfu 1 1 prophetcas ;
pi Ur 60c ; O.V II. \u25a0 1035 T Flllmore,-, nr." McAHlater.l
Mme.May.clalrvoyant, card readir and palmlat.
?•• 3832 1 18 th/; near .1 Sanches: * houra i after.* 1 ; ' 60c.1
MISS : MelbourncTAua'tralian; clairvoyant;' pa!m«'
igfelst & mygtlo rdr."iEgyp.icarda.T4l9A- t Van Ness;
I SEND I data ; of birth ; and 2 stamps for ; a j pen
S^ picture of , your, Uf «. mH4 HILL/; 120 Butter, «t. '
MRS. I SHAFFER; I? permanently 1 located | at s 558"
;*- Steyenbon ; at. ; \u25a0 houra ' 9 , to 9 ; : open . Sundays. :-; ;'.
> CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued.
A— MISS M.' WILLE, % 810 Ellis at i ,\ :\u25a0'-:: \u25a0'-:
>• Clairvoyant," crystal ' seer/ can be consulted on
.all affalra of 'lifer MißßLWlller guarantees an
'\u25a0; [- honest, reliable/, satisfactory reading ; < reveals
' • the - past : gives ; correct i forecast •of 5 your . ; f u-'
-?"i ture; -advises -you "\u25a0 on !v important \ affairs. :
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
,- gives ' the » secret . how • to : control, : charm, . fas-
clnate the one you love; reading, -$1; hours
.: ; 10-8 ' p.' m. ; French, . German; - English • spoken.
ISMAR, \u25a0-•---'. 4~< v ,- — — — .',... -\u25a0:'; \u25a0'•-\u25a0• --.? : : . -.:• . >
THE EGYPTIAN •\u25a0"- CLAIRVOYANT .. AND
\u25a0\u25a0 . , -- .-\u25a0 --'-.'-".;
'. ' Permanently •:• located .at • 1104 ;• Market \ st..
' rooms 9 '\u25a0. and 1 10."cor.*Turk,(Vendoine); Ipn':1 pn-
': vate readings daily. 10 "a." m.* to S^p. m.;
/8 ' questions , anawered,' $1 : z tall lit t. * $5. . .
- '\u25a0\u25a0 ..;:*\u25a0\u25a0 ,-%-.- .\u25a0->=>:-;•\u25a0-\u25a0'- LINCOLN/- . >- \u25a0 " -'- ~ : '"v ! --'
aalrvoyant: and psychic: "the, oldest and best
known > clairvoyant in San 'Francisco.: Ke-
. opened ; at The Heath, ; 3B Eddy st Hours 10
-- •' to 5. 1 v Readings by .- mail, $2. ' -
"SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS.' J. \u25a0J. WHITNEY/; bus. medium and
::-. life .. readtr. 1206 Market, r. 10, Gait House.
A— GRAND seance to-night;: tests to all. Lela/
.Vthe .wonder";: readings dally. •:' 326 - ElUa.
MRS. LESTER'S circles , 8 p. m/, except Thurs..
»10c: read, dally;: mines eapeclalty.? 95 Sixth.
MRS.- HUBB ARD/ 109 i Oak : st. i, spiritual ; me-
^ dlnm ;: consultation. dally; -ladles. 50c "*-. *
Mrs. Johnson/cplritual medium: readings dally;
c1r.M0n..2:30;Thu.,8 pm. 1342 Jackson. nr. Hyde.
MRS/ CRINDLE— Materializing seance ' Sunday
evening, '328; Ellis at.;. spirit photos dally.
MRS.' E " J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser, has
.;v; no equal . in city.'.- 110 Sixth st. room 8.
MME LUCRETIA — Circles every evening, 10c.
' 148 -Sixth; st. ;room'"l:; hours 'lo to 8. \u25a0- .
MAMIE/ the wonder , business \u25a0 medium and \u25a0 life
reader. \u25a0v.43l?O'FarrelI i ßt> • \u0084 "
EARLE'S; seance Sun..' Wed.; 210 Eddy at;
readlnE*. Hotel Hljißins. O'Farretl St.-
'PALMISTRY. . '
HAVE '; you ;. consulted Uno, - the - great East
.-: India .palmist ?• -Tells . you the past and f u-
. ture, -: reunites -the separated; ' all questions
answered; card readings. tree. 663 Ellis st.
MADAME DEVAS, . palmist and astrologer.
:;. 231 : Post st. ; : hours . 10 to 8, and ' Tueg. eves.
; : ';\u25a0;'\u25a0 ..- • ; : ' \u25a0; HYPJUOTISM.^ ._ '^
FREE hypnotic lecture and exhibition. Sun./ 8
p. . m. ; subject, "Power of ; Mind Over Mat-
ter"; I. O. O. F. Hall. 7th and Market sts.
DE LAUFF. magnetlst. 1 773 Eddy; hours 1-4/
\u25a0 7-8; / nervous, j mental ills, habits cured; no
\u25a0' ' drugs.' - •' ' '•-\u25a0-• '\u25a0•.-•'\u25a0--\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0'"'-" \u25a0\u25a0 - '..-*\u25a0-
: ; ICURE FOR RTJPTURE. .
NO ; high-priced, : painl«ss (?). treatments to
cure ;\u25a0' Rupture; 7 eimply wear Dr. 3 Pierces
;Truss, and it will do the work! Sold 30
' years; thousands -\u25a0 cured. Call or -address
I ELECTRIC j) TRUSS .CO.. 206 Kearny J atj
COLLECTION iOFFICES.\
BAD - tenants ejected \u25a0 for $4; collections made:
• city or. country. Pacific Collection Co.. 416
Montgomery M., rooms 8-10. .TeL Main 05S0.
"•* DEKTISTS.
DREXLER .PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.
Perfect | painless dentistry, at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth, $2; silver filttngs.-25c; gold
fillings. $1; gold crowns/ $3; bridge work. $3.
; 1104 Market st.-. corner Turk. - r ,'
A NEW plate-^-The Whalebone — Cannot break;
\u25a0warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $3; full set; all work painless -and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM H1LL.' 1443 Market/ near 11th— |
No 1 charge i for extracting . when \u25a0: plates are
made; old. plat -s made: over like : new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting 50c; gas given."
LOWEST prices In 1 S. F.; painless extraction,
" 60c. New York Dentists. 060 Mission. cor.6th.
GOLD filling!"/ 75c; sliver, 35c; crowns, $2, no
pain; op. Sun.»Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lolVi Grant a y.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA.IIisTRESSES.
DRESSMAKING ; TAUGHT ' FREE! FREE!
Two weeks free to all .'registering -this, week, ,
We teach cutting,' fitting, making and finish-
ing: of.; street,' .evening and --tailor-made
; dresses; enter now for good positions; special,
' rates 'ln millinery department;: patterns cut:
McDowell school, ,:
, '; .":,-; Donohoe ; bldg.; Market and Taylor.
KEISTER'S "3" 3 Ladiea'^TalioringVColiege "gives
puptlc the' most . thorough course -" in ; ladies'
tallcrinß and dressmaking; make your . new
- suits under 1 experts and have two suits for
the price of .one; :our, system'.bf cuttlng'the
most simple and accurate; draughting from
" actual measurements. \u25a0 ,1867 . Flllmore . st..
. corner of Bush. . . < : . - .'.'. > _ ' " •"_; : •"\u25a0
ACCORDION.i-: knKe ; and 'sunburst pleating;
buttons; and button 'holes made at. Stewart's
Lining and Trimmings Store." 14-16 Taylor st*.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Eve, class: patterns cut. \u25a0 1190 Market st.
STYLISH suits; to; order $6 and uoward; fit
guaranteed. .1018 Polk «st. ; \u25a0 .
DETECTIVES.;
ALL' kinds of cc Fes \ hand led; business strictly
confidential: charge* reasonable. - .' ,/. =
- , 604 Montiomery . st , room 204. .'li .\u25a0
'EDUCATIONAL.
A\u25a0' CHANCE for "every- young . man ito • Improve
.'lntellectually; brains is money; you may In-
. crease, your .aalary, by Increasing your earn-
. ing power ; . the < Young Men's , Christian ; Asso-
, elation conducts : the most .-complete system
' cf night schools lln the country ; 02.000 »tu-'
dents - enrolled; San - Francisco Association
building, - NE. ; cor. . Mason and Ellis sts.. of-
fers, exceptional facilities for a business and
commercial - education ; •if \u25a0 you V have % only -- one
• hour » a. day Ho:- devote' to study.> give us a
chance \u25a0to \u25a0- help v you ; : every "-. branch taught
from ' the • fifth grade to ' preparation f or • the
V university; . business course a .specialty; ' the
"day classes are - open tto all - men ; • the night
. classes >. are \u25a0a . great : convenience. ' Rolla V.
-.Watt president; H." J. McCoy, general aecre-
tary. Send for descriptive, catalogue to E.
E. ESDON. Eirector of Education, Atsocla-
'• tion. building.'-y \u25a0\u25a0'.-.'-\u25a0\u25a0•'\u25a0\u25a0" '\u25a0*\u25a0'-•"-\u25a0\u25a0'"';\u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'-'\u25a0'---"-':\u25a0'\u25a0;
A— -THE ;' Lyceum."-; an '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-. excellent preparatory.
school -. for ; university, • law and .: medics 1 ;- col-. '
leges;. we prepared hundreds of students suc-
'.- ccfsf ully and '- We • shall \u25a0 prepare . you ; . day,
'. evening session;: references: President: Jordan
/.'/ .' or : any : Stanford j professor. ; Phtlan \u25a0 building.
A— THE Osborn"» Conservatory of Musla and
~ -Store; COOO puplls;iSU>lnway Hall bldg.: 223
• Butter st.,' S. F.; 1C69 Broadway, Oakland:
\u25a0 ; 812 8. Broadway, -' Los Angeles ; t pianos, hftr-
mony, vocal, 6trlnged Instruments; also brass
\u25a0Mngtrumentssfreo'to beginners. . - - ; . \u25a0
GALLAGHER- MARSH ; BUS.COL.: 933 Market.
v - conducted t by ;\u25a0' Robert V- F. « Gallagher.",- exp*rt_
T. court reporter, holds world's record for short- ,
. hand -.writing: :' successful , himself, 1 ", will - make
. „ you so; shorthand, typing, ;. bookpg. Catalogue.'
'ALL. -.'who 'desired good >: position'-' should "attend
.'\u25a0;'\u25a0 this' college;: we hay had 230 good places
: ; since ' March » l. ". San ' Franclacor- Business Col-
.~. : lege.' 738 Mftslon : sf'f .-.>,"-;\u25a0•\u25a0" :S- ><' \u25a0> -V ...'' ' •'.'•;\u25a0
HEALD'S School of [Mines 'and .Engineering, 24
; ; Poat af/i S. F. ; ! civil, mining, electrical/steam'
i-j and ; gas : engineering, v. Send ; for. prospectus, v
ENGlNEERlNG— Civil.' #lec.::mln.;mech.. iur-.
,*- vey, : aasay, cyanide; day/cv«; est. 4 ,1884.r- Van
.yder<Na)llen ) School.:; 113 Fulton, nr.': City Hall.
HEALD'S; BUSINESS : COLLEGE/ 24 Post i st.i
' : Established : 18tl3; largest in the .West; annual'
r enrollment lOOOi.atnd for circular...
BOOKKEEPING. ' Ea«.. math., . etc.. day anci '
"' eve. : '. Individual ! instr • SO5 ; Larkin 'at , : Prof.
It; TJi: Robinson, formerly/ prea. Pae. Bus. Col.
DANCING. > both^ adultv and J children* a . Classes/
now open at Hinman's School of Dancing." 1412
~ : i Polk st. ,"; nr.' ! California; ) phone ; BUuit Sl2fl. -~
PRIVATE ' lessons Uln " telegraphy -by - an ; ex-
'\u25a0\u25a0 i-'i perienced p teacher; J rapid •> success : assured.*
C 24« •\u25a0 Scott 'st.-- \u25a0.•'.'\u25a0 •,\u25a0->:;•-• --*..-;-- : *"/\u25a0\u25a0•.--.'\u25a0\u25a0 - - ': .. ''--'-
A— METROPOLITAN-Callfornla-StudenU joln-
:S «d. ißusinessi Business. \u25a0? Stenograhplc. j 025 Golden Gate.
A s apeclal class preparatory ' to . teachera'^ exam-"
M mat ions for ; State / nor.i achta/ 833 ' Phelan bid.
SCHOOL. OF ILLUSTRATION \u25a0 Day and
f^PARTINQTON'R* 424 Pine st— Night classes.
KENT, Law j School— Day * and night ; ; send : for
J particulars, a 536 a Parrott * building.-;; \u25a0" V- .-- -
'";':. 'EMPLOYSIENTJaOFFICESw'
AN.-*up-to"-dateYjapanes»-Chlne«e ; emp.^J office;
3 f ursfshes ) reliable help of all I kinds I promptly. .
H. KIODA.r 405 at 1 1 tel.'f James COVy' i
STAR? Employment ; Office— Reliable : Japanese.
and Chinese ; help s fnrnlahed ". with • care.-iv wV}
v' i; K ADOTA; ' 40&- Powell j st ; tel. 5 Main ; 175 L -fer*
OLDBST/ Japanese-Chinese I Employment ; Office
' promptly "furnishes -all kinds of rellablt help.
';?, George ] Sakauye. •; 421 i Post ' at : \ tel." Bush ' 135. i
\u25a0A— JAPANESE Si*and ;i. Chines* 1 h«lp.~ .^.Wl£.l
V>.TOBHT.I 418 » Stockton » st ; i UVi Bath ; »89. ,5 % <•
'AN* 6ld * eatab/fe; (1850) * Chinese' emp. a office, C
f » CHONO'g.'iremovedtoClS Plri«;t«l. Grant 186. ',
H \W.*: HOJJO.'UHSA- Clay: at : ; Chinese employ- ,
is Vnent ; office : ' beat \ help, w.Tel,. Tel, i East : 42& : ... >
Finest Japanese help; house-cleaning specialty.;
Kunlabe.'iS43 Magon: teirjamea 5231."
CHINESE! S and ' Japanese s help:"? estsb.\2O yean/;
MTel.l Main 1 10T7.^, BRADLEY A i CO..' 840 Clay.:
JAPANESE." Chinese 1 help of | all ' kinds | furnlsh-
;vjf ed; i nftßae-eWning.-raTQg 1 James . IG3&.J
' RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment \u25a0 Of-
\u25a0 flee : all kinds ' help.'; 3ls Stockton. •Main 5188.
EM PLO YM EXT WANTED-— FEMALE. j
' , AX— — '"* '""" AA
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR HELP? .
The I. 0.. W. of America 'are now open and
- ready. for. business- -a atrictly, first-class em-
ployment : of flee, where we furnish only suca
i^help as our Investigations show; are worthy;
\u25a0.*w« always ; have on hand girls for bouse-
\u25a0 ; - work,:, chamber ' work." "• clerks/- cashiers, etc.
. : Call . on ; us and ( we will ; supply .your wants.
\u25a0 -Room 319. James Flood building. '..._:- \u25a0"
AWAITING - situaUons— A- : German t cook
(young) -wants -a \place; ; a French nursery
.\u25a0 governess; a first-class young. lrish cook; an
\u25a0 . infant's nurse, . best of ' references; a woman
= \u25a0", wants cooking on a ; ranch. *'\u25a0 For paruculani
up MIS 3 PLUNKETT, 428 Sutter at
COMPETENT • Swedish ? Uundress '. would like
."- work by the day at. house clean mg. Srashlng
;*" or ironing; 'will take washing home if pre-
>f erred. 'Address 227 Liberty st
A YOUNG American woman would like a posi-
t lon to do general. housework; Is good plain
cook and a willing \u25a0 worker. Address MRS.
V PETERS. 3A Harrutst \u25a0 - -
A STRONG ! young woman . who is an experi-
1 1 enced cook 'wishes a < position In a hotel or
boarding-house,- either city or country. Ad-
.dress A., 288 Stevenson st.. room 10. .
A YOUNG, willing woman would like a pos:-
; tlon -. to ?do > cooking and general : housework.
'\u25a0' Address or call 211 Twenty-seventh St., up-
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0* stairs.:" \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0-, \u25a0'- '-;\u25a0#,-
WANTED— A ; position to do general bouae-
: work in. a small family, tjy a competent Ger-
, man 'girl; speaks good English. Address 519
- Kennedy st. East . Oakland." - ' '\u25a0 .-\u25a0\u25a0
YOUNG woman, thoroughry competent, wishes
position to take car* of sick or an Invalid;
will work by day or week; best of reference*.
-"Address .705 Ellis st. or phone East 9518;
A COMPETENT dressmaker would like a few
more : engagements by ,' the day; has . best of
city - references. Call at 2009 OTarrell st.
,' or phone West 2329. -."'..
A YOUNG Japanese woman would like a posl-
: tlon' to do housework' and waahing; can do
some cooking and Is a willing worker. Ad-
.~ dress 417 Jones at./ or phone Eaat 8815.
YOUNG Japanese girl would like position to do
general housework and cooking: speaks good
/ English. Address 455 Jessie st. or phone
, Howard 2837." < -.'.-.
DRESSMAKING m families by fashionable.
dressmaker; city references; terma $2 60 per
day. MRS. JOHNSTON. 878 Geary at;
phone East 3302. \u25a0, : '-\u25a0 - '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
GERMAN woman, good cook and houseworker.
wishes position in" small family in country:
wages $20-$25. 330 Minna at. between
' . Fourth and Fifth. «
PROOFREADER, '• experienced in editorial of-
fice work, editing copy, making pages,
\u25a0 reading . MMS.. etc.. wants position. . Box
2521. Call office.
A WOMAN wants -work by. the day;. washing,
ironing and • housecleanlng; reference* v If
Ash aye., , bet Polk and Larkin. Fulton and
: McAllister ;stB. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
LAUNDRESS, first-class, wants work,' day or
half day, or will do housecleanlng. Addresa
579 Ivy aye.. near Buchanan and Hayts.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, competent In all
branches; helps out in private families; $3
per day. $15 per week. 131»tt Lyon at.
DRESSMAKING and sewing on all ladles'
.garments; experienced; references. 1108
Sacramento at. - .."...- . ..\u25a0-...-.
c6loked - woman wants work by the> day,
. cooking or washing. Addresa 158 Wood st,
near Geary. >
A " WOMAN wants i work Tuesdays washing,
ironing -or house-cleaning. Phone Folaom
3401. - -
JAPANESE girl would like position as cook
. and housework; wages $0 or $7 a week./ Ad-
drees 468 Jessie at. ' - \u25a0 '
LADY wishes place to do house cleaning: $1 80
, • per day; no cooking or washing; Sunday off
and sleep home. - Addresa or call 238 Bth tt.
A COMPETENT weman would like wcrlc; wash-
' ing and Ironing. Please- call 625 Minna St..
\u25a0 downatalrs/ or phone Howard 2536.
STRICTLY reliable, competent lady would like
position to do general housework. Call 21 K
Harrison aye. - ', \u25a0 ' . - -' ".
WANTED — By a yoong German woman, work
by the day at washing, ironing or cleaning.
Call 151 Franklin st.
WANTED — By - reliable ' Eastern woman. ' posi-
tion as housekeeper; references. 12M Market
stj - 08-^l*ll**O 8 -^ 1 * 11 **- .\u25a0•\u25a0.•\u25a0'-•;.
SITUATION wanted . iy , competent Scandlna-
vian woman as housekeeper la small family.
Box 1789. \u25a0 Call . office. . "'\u25a0
A LADY takea waahlng home; open air dry.
Phone Page 7931. ""'\u25a0•- '\u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0
KIND experienced nurse, with good refer-
encea, wants place. * 907 Folsom st -'•:..
GOOD ' laundress ; takes washing home. 1287
EUla- at.^ : \u25a0\u25a0--•\u25a0 \u25a0 * \u25a0\u25a0-
AN experienced Klrl wishes to take care of
: children. - Apply . at once. 114 Webster at \u25a0
YOUNG German woman • wants work \u25a0by the
day: $1 50 and car fare. MRS. KACK, 816
, Stanyan at. - ; -;v; v ...--.'\u25a0."- • " ...
YOUNG Japanese girl • wanta . situation to do
cocking and - housework ; speaks English. 455
Jesalejt. Tel. Howard 2837.
A GOOD German: housekeeper wishes a posi-
tion where . there is a chance to Improve la
- sewing; dressmaker preferred. Box 2804. Call.
WOMAN- would like place first part of week;
' washing. ; Ironing or \u25a0 cleaning. Call or send
postal, -448 Sixth st.
A RESPECTABLE French, chambermaid
wants « situation In private family; good
references; wages $25. Box 2873. Call office.
BY reliable woman, situation In small family;
-' good home more than wages. MRS. L., 1928
\u25a0Market st- \u25a0 ' -'.."'\u25a0\u25a0; \u25a0
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation, city
or . country ; < willing ' and obliging. 187 Third
' : s t. ', ' room \u25a0 22. *" . . '''.-«-_' \u25a0 ' * '. . -
SITUATION wanted by ; a strong elderly wo-
man cook orr light housework: a short dls-
tance country : preferred. 1100 Powell st
YOUNG - woman "wishes ~ position * housework:
:'_ sleep '- home. 7 Address 315 . Linden \u25a0\u25a0 aye.
GIRL wishes Dositlon ,aa housekeeper. Box
2597. Call office.'. .* "
COMPETENT. -reltable; woman, work by the
day, washing, ironing and housecleanlng:
SI 50 a day and car fare, or 75c half day..
?". Please -. Inauire . 58 ..Valley at., bet San . Jose
.i aye. and: Dolores st. ;; • \u25a0
A COMPETENT woman would . like chamber-
's " work in ' & • boarding-house ; ; will do laundry
\u25a0 ~ work l or.^asalst with cooking ; either city "or
country;, references. 3355 .Tweaty-ilxth at.
\u25a0near Capp.:; ' , '\u25a0:.•'- . -• ....:.* ". .
COMPETENT ." young lady : atenographer . with
year's practical experience desires a position;
will, start \u25a0; with moderate 'salary. Addres»
f 2133 Mission st. : phone Capp 2798.
EXPERIENCED, competent . woman wishes
- work by - the day: U fine housekeeper and
'* cleaner; • also good laundress. - Phone Page
\u25a0 ;1469. v..';;.-.'-;" V-. -: .. '"' . "\u25a0-\u25a0 .'. " . \u25a0-"
A COMPETENT dressmaker. •up • to date on
Eton jackets, long coats and shirt waist suits,
fits-guaranteed' wishes engagements by the
day. ;\u25a0 836 Polk st. ». - *'-\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0->'«;
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid desires position;
, will, give 'best o( satisfaction. Call or ad-
- dresaCll Polk at. .-•\u25a0-.\u25a0>-"-' - '
A -YOUNG and competent woman : would like
house cleaning by the day; wages $1 50. 867
'\u25a0\u25a0 y Mission' at.;. near. Fifth.. . -., -
AN excellent/- first-class cook, atrictly reliable,
wishes a position. Call or address E. F. G..
-:;40fl Minna st' .'..:\u25a0-. " -;•- \u25a0 . " \u25a0"\u25a0•\u25a0
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes to* asaiat
' With ' light . housework ' and one or two chil-
dren. ,= Call 1 :30 to 8 p. m.. 2C38 Hyde at. ;
A COMPETENT Finnish girl wishes position
.- to ,do general > housework and cooking.' Call "
* --545, Sixth at \u25a0: v .. .'- •- \u25a0'
A- COLORED . woman wants*- housework; j call
. -two days.; "9l7? Powell
A ' NEAT, respectable girl - would i like position
.. to 'do light housework. Apply 1343 Pine at'
A COLORED woman would like a place. to do
:- washing ' and ; ironing ; by day; ; 015 Powetl at
' EMPLOYMENT WANTED--.MALB.'
DO .YOU NEED MALE HELP? ,
" The I. W. of America have just opened their
employment office and are. In a positron to fur-
nish the 1 beat -. of * recommended - help, such :as
bakers, bakers" helpera. cashiers, waiters,
cooks,- ' clerks ! and i restaurant : and hotel •\u25a0 help
generally. ?. Make c your 'wants;' known' «nd we
guarantee" none : but * reliable • men." Room 319.
James \ Flood building. ' ; . >;\u25a0 .
AS attendant and companion to invalid, chronic
:" or, mental: patient by. competent and reliable
:J man under \u25a0 m Iddle I age ; ; good - education ' and
/\u25a0.thorough training and experience aa nurse and
M masseur: 'references; -i terma moderate. Ad-
. ' dress box ! 2797. \u25a0 Call office. ' _ . \u25a0
STATIONARY; engineer.": who Is steady, eofcer
f,' and reliable,! does his ' own - repalrlcg and flt-
• ' ting. * wishes i a ;' position : l has , best of refer-
jr ences- ;* Address or, call; B. ;G.;B.; 882 Geary
;ltt;ior phone East 4527. :•, ; •; . -. •
A- MARRIED,'"; middle-aged man. - wUhes a
;-\u25a0•\u25a0 place \u25a0 onv- an " ; -: orchard, : or v ranch work,', : or
' ' charge of i place ; \u25a0 experienced ; In > farming for
years ; ! handy i. with 5 tools. * Address L. ; COF- ,
fey FEE/ 252: Guerrero at -*; -.- ; V-' \u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'-.-.. .''\u25a0.;'
*A"1 BRIGHT i young r man \u25a0. wlahes a position In
•r- wholesale * house to learn i bualness.- Address
JI2B Doiorea at. 1/; '•\u25a0;•'..:-\u25a0"\u25a0->\u25a0\u25a0 = ' "' \u25a0 ' '.:
'AN* ELDERLY, man iwants position' as . watch-
:^ man;.' -80x "2827, : Ca1l office. :
E3IPLOY3IENT WANTED— MALE— Con.
MALE nurse — Young Eastern graduate in in«<i- -
icine will nurse invalid; maasage," Swedish
movements, osteopathlc manipulations and
electro therapeutic applications. Box 2768,
Call office. . \u25a0\u25a0»>-
EXPERIENCED mechanical draughtsHian de-
aires change; hoisting and conveying macbln- -
cry a dpeclalty; competent to supervise erec-
' tlon and shop work. Box 2704/ Call office.
YOUNG man, 20. willing and obliging, de-
aires oosittoc in office; has four years.' ex-
perience; can furnish excellent references.
Box 2819. Call office.
a"n elderly man wanta a place; light houee-
work and small wages; best of reference: »
good horseman; good fireman. Box 2813. CalL
A STRONG man. used to heavy work, wculd
like a position of any kind: references. S. P..
, 437 Natoma at. . '
A YOUNG man. practical and handy with
tools or around machinery, desires a perma- ,
nent position. Addrese J. X.. 1126 Market.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish, cook wishes situation,
either American or German style; do not ob-
Ject to some housework., Call 108 Sixth »t.
COACHMAN, with Eastern and California ref-
erences, desires situation m first-class pri-
vate family. City addresa. 1910»4 Polk at.
STEADY. -reliable man would like a sUuatlm
either aa porter or Janitor. Address 321 Ma-
• son st. or phone Black 2396.
HOTSL man, competent, reliable, of mature.
• age. wants situation, night or day. city or
country; flna references. .Box 2705. Call.
WANTED — Situation by an all-round, reliable
baker; married; good on bread and cakes;
country or institution. -- Box 2706w Call.
A WIDOWER wishes a place for himself ami
his aon. in a Scandinavian or German family,
Scandinavian preferred. Box 27C0. CalL
BY experienced watchmaker, optician and
salesman. Box 2548. Call office.
POSITION wanted by Al office man. experi-
enced bookkeeper: 3 years for largest depart-
ment storo In Chicago, 3 years as chief book-
keeper for coal company doing business nln»
million annually; office manager 2 years for •
large, clothing-house; other references. Box
1783. Call office. > ' \u25a0 • \u25a0
AS attendant to elderly gentleman or Invalid,
any age.- anywhere, now or later, by respon-
sible man;. 40; good qualifications; : first-
class training and experience; acientific mas-
sage;' references; reasonable. J. JAMES.
San Mateo. Cal.
JANITOR d««lres work ia office building or
apartment-house; good city references; un-
derstands painting and tinting. Addreos bex
2558. Call office. "
Al YOUNG bookkeeper, best of references, de-
sires position In city or adjacent town; capa-
ble correspondent and familiar with uaa of
typewriter. Box 2862, Call of See.
BOOKKEEPER and general utility man: many
years' experience; ten years with one firm In
. -city; Al references; moderate salary. Ad-
dreaa WARNER, bex 1748. Call office.
MAN; 80 years, honest, sober. Intelligent In-
dustrious, desires . position at anything; not
afraid of hard work; good references. Box
4534. Call office.
.—. — -
COACHMAN and gardener wants position; Is
competent and reliable; all-round handy man;
best city and country references. Box 1529.
Call office. . . .
YOUNG man, aged 24, with clerical ability,
would like position of any kind In wholesale
house or large store; can furnish best of ref-
erences. Address H. 0.. 161& A Turk at.
A MAN with 10 years* experience In a cream-
ery desires a position In either city or
country; has best of references. Address W. .
OELKER3. tB5 JPk* 8 **• __\,
A FIRST-CLASS baker and pastry cook de- "
sires a situation; Is aober and reliable; ha*
best of references. Call or address 224 Na-
toma. at. near Third.
YOUNO man with good bualness education
would like position in wholesale houae or of-
flee; best of references. Box 2801. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a colored man as ele-
vator operator or as porter. Address J. P..
127 Second st \u25a0 ~
EXPERIENCTED'masseur wishes tmw more pa-
tients at their homes for body massage; send
postal. A. M. KELLOGO. 228 Taylor at
BARBER. ' first-class German, wants ateady
help only lor Saturday or Sunday. 1819 &
Lyon at. '* \u25a0
FIRST-CLASS " German bartender wants posi-
tion; honest, sober; references given. Box
2879. Call office. \u25a0
COLLECTOR. 28; 10 years* experience; Al
references; will furnish bonds In any amount
up to $5000. Box 2894. Call office.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly experienced
head waiter; first-class references. Box 2890.
Call office. . \u25a0 •
PORTER. 80 years, married. Industrious, Intel-
ligent . desires a position In a wholesale
hout.e; good references. Box 4533, CalL
A JANITOR, handy with tools, or rough ear^
penter. work: also steam boiler work. Ad-
dress room 363. Winchester Hotel.
COACHMAN: understands his business; also
care of fast horses; first-class references. Box
4582. Call. \u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u25a0 . »
AN elderly German wants position a* night
watchman or any kind of work. 55S Natoma
st, rear.
MAN and wlfei would Ilk* positions to car* for
' rooming-house or place. Address 524 Mason .
St.. or phone Black 2396.
AN educated Japanese would like position la
private family to do laundry work: Is com-
petent and experienced. T.. 1410 Pine at 1
A RELIABLE:, trustworthy man would like a
place as night watchman; has best of reftr-
encaa. , Address or call I. 8.. 203 Third at.
A GOOD ' cook for hotel or restaurant (Jap-
anese) desires a position; salary $10 per
week. Address J. AZUMA; 110 Taylor st
A YOUNO, trustworthy Japanese want* posi-
tion as schoolboy. Address 1006 Hyda st..
evenings. •
A : TRUSTWORTHY . man wants situation a*
night watchman; references. Address L 8..
205 Third st. ' -*", ' - \u25a0 - \u25a0
ALL-ROUND horseshoer wants work In city "
or country. Box 2375. Call. \u25a0
A CARPENTER wishes work in tha country.
Box 2878. CalL \u25a0 > -
UNION barber wishea ' ateady , Job. Address
CHARLES GRANDT. 644 Sacramento at.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet-maker wants steady po-
alticn. Box 1722. Call office.
JANITOR, bootblack, barber ahop porter.
JERRY FANCHER. 717 Stockton at
OFFICE position wanted by experienced entry
clerk: 3 years' experience as entry clerk
Boston Store. Chicago, two years Armour A
Co.. Fort Worth; other references. Box 173 1.
Call office. . {
A STRICTLY reliabla baker's helper would
like position In either city or country. Ad-
dress E. BEYER. 635 Broadway. S. I\.
room 2. \u25a0- •' - . - .
A \u25a0 OOOD \u25a0 Jaoanese wants a place to do any
• kind of work for a few hours in the morn-
ln*. K. M.. Japanese Gospel Society, IsZ>
Pin» »t. ,
A YOUNO Japanese, who Is an experienced
tailor, desires a position as helper to ladies'
tailor. Addresa I. KEGAMI. 533 Dupont st.
A JAPANESE- boy who Is .* good c*ok woul.l
like place: $4 per' week. Address GEORGE.
1384 California st.
A YOUNG Japanese boy who speaks very *ood '
Ehgltah would like a position as schoolboy.
Addreas F. TUREME. 132» Pine st
JAPANESE, good cook, wants position in small
< family: $S per week: references. Address
GEORGE MIZUNO. 2013 ©"Farrell at; phono
West 4411. \u25a0: ' :» '..\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0
YOUNG Japanese, bricht and educated, wants
a position to work from 9 to 2 every day:
\u25a0peaks and writes very well. FRANK. 305
Larkin at, . \u25a0\u25a0
JAPANESE butler wno' has good dress and
\u25a0 apeaks good English wishes \u25a0 position in good
family. Address N AKA. 6*o Pine at.
JAPANESE .first-class cook who apeaks good
English wishes position- In family: a«nv»
washing; good references given. Address J.
N.. 512 Dupont at. - ' -;.
JAPANESE boy wishea situation to do 1 house-
work; speaks English. JOE YAM A.- 703 Lar-
ktn at.; tel. East 8770. . .
A' JAPANESE student wants a situation as ' %
. schoolboy: work tlnw» «:3O to *. \u25a0 a ,ta T #»«-»
-day.. J. T.. 62i> Laguna st
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position aa school-
i- boy or a; half-day's work. SHINDO.- 32T
Eiils str phone "East 193*.'.
] A JAPANESE couple wish positions, man a-t a
' laundrynian and « wife * asaiat In housework.
HARRY- AKAMOTO. BC9 Stockton st, '
JAPANESE cook wants position in family -or
hotel: speaks English well. FRANK KASA,
SCO Bush st: tel. Main 3COS.
A JAPANESE boy would like work of any .
-kind for forenoons. Address Y. W., 1410
, Pine st. : phone East 1608.
A YOUNG but experienced Japanese boy would
' '_' like ' position ; as apprentice to photographer,
i Address O. M.. 333 Jessie st.
GOOD Japanese cook wants position; $4 week.
; GEORGE. 74* Peat at: phone East 1851. .
A ' CHINESE i excellent * cook wishes \u25a0 position, .."-.
\u25a0 hotel, restaurant. ' boarding-house; . meat and '
pastry cook: 'good references.' CHARLEY
; 'WnAMO.V;:im Clsyrt.. qprtatrs.
For Additional Claxalfled Advtrtlif
\u25a0-'.; meata Ste Paxe 8*
7980
EXCHAJVGE.
85W AND ecr\-loes for controlling Interest; ,
hours Fhort: business agreeable, legitimate,
profitable. Box C2S«. Call office. Oakland.
FINANCIAL.
$50,000 WANTED In an Iron business. to
manufacture goods that are absolutely In- ,
Idispr.jis^aiil*- to every government, railroad, ;
stcatr.f!iii>. mine, factory, public bulldlnK
and watvhou*? in tli»> world; an established
monojoly wltli unlimited financial possibili-
ties: no* experiment. P. O. box 724. San
Francisco.
HAKE your wife, eon or daughter a "Christ-
mas rr^spnf of some of our stock; it win
Iw- eellinc at war and paying dividends -£e-
fore icng; it will pay you to in veßtl sate_tnls
proposition at our of flee. J. W. JAQLIXH «:
CO.. M^ Jas. Klood bids.
WANTED— Oakland Rcaltj- Syndicate lfl -
f-aiPF; ai«.. Turlock Irrigation bonds. « AL> -
TKU E. IXKJAN & CO.. room 1». Bacon
block, Oakland.
IF you want 20 r*r cent on jour money, with
full security, address box 2831. CalL
68,000 Oakland Realty Syndicate « r J'fl cat «"
for sale; $500 to $2000 each: will take feO
cents on the dollar for quick sale as a
v: . > Box C 222. Call office, Oaklano.
FLATS TO LET. '
RENT thit cottage first and you will surely
buy In this looallty afterward; new, neat, cot-
tage at fan Francisco's healthful beach- 4
rooms, bath, lavatory. *« *»<* electric U*"ht;
eun all day; rent reasonable. Take Park and
Cliff House car, stop at 46th aye.. go south
one-half block to No. 1275.
AAA-COMFLKTED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATB. apartment and rooming house*; our
n-ctlnis department is free to all: we can flnd
Vcu abomo In any part of the city; aak fcr
bo payment other than your good will: we do
rot a»k ycu to buy or even lock at the roods-
vt* this department freely; you are. more
CO. 245-2 M Geary
«t. (on the square.)
AiC elegant. 6-room suany corner lower flat,
nearly new; larfre porch, basement, eta; H
block from Market st.. within SO minutes
rid« cf Golden Gate Park; good neighborhood.
SJH7 17th «t., Castro or ISth-st. cars.
EAN JO£E aye.. Xl— Modern upper flat in
«srm'l*lt of the Mission; 5 rooms and
Lath: J-O. Arsly BOVEE TOY & CO.. 11*
Montgomery st.
HAVES r^2 — Sunny middle flat. C rooms
and 1-e.tb: $22 SO. Apply BOVEE. TOY &
CO.. 117 Montgomery st.
TOST 14C2 — 6unny lower flat In good lo-
cality; C rooms and bath; $30. Apply BO^
VEE TOT A CO.. 117 Montgomery st.
FINE «.. 1728 — Uo-to-date sunny flat of T
rooms ana bath social hall. etc. ; fronting 00
mo street*: rent f35. YON RHEIN REAL
KSTATE CO.. 513 CsJlfomia et.
DUBOCB aye.. 144, near Valencia/— Sunny, up-
txt Tat of 7 rooms and bath; rent $25. YON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 CaUfornia,
MCALLISTER. 1354. near Lyon— Artistic up-
r>rr fiat; 5 rooms and bath; abundance of sun
and light; key on premises. LYON & HOAG,
11 « Montgomery. _______
A MONTH free; new 4-r. flats. $25; overlook-
irrß Golden Gate Park. 2267 Hayes et.; Bakus
heaters, decorated ceilings; Janitor service;
but not an apartment -house; open.
$n 50— SUNNY lower flat. 4 rooms, bath,
yard, basement : handsomely renovated. 16H
Glover ft., bet. Leavenworth and Jones,
Broadway and Vallejo; open to-day.
ELEGANT new sunny flat; 6 rooms; etone
eteps; beamed celling*; electric lights; base-
ment: yard. 1662 Grove, nr. Central aye.; $30.
LYON. 802 near Golden Gate — Modern -upper
6 rooms beth; water- free; newly painted
and renovated; cheap; $18; reduoed. :
A MONTH free; new 4-room flats, $25; Janitor
service; plenty of sun. 2267 Hayea et., near
Golden Gate Park. ,
MODERN flat. 6 rooms; bath, bay windows;
Twenty-fourth St.; ?1S 50. WHITE CO., 26
Montgomery, room S.
PAGE. I»2J. between Golf and Octavla, 1%
blocks from Market — Vp»er flat: . 6 eunny
rooms. . <»
MODERN sunny corner flat; 6 rooms, bath,
\u25a0yard; must be teen to be appreciated; rent
$20. SW. oor. Geary and Wood sts.
X3P.ODERICK, 143. near Halght— Modern &-
room flat; marble steps, beam ceilings, eleo-
tric- lights, etc: owl cars: rent reasonable.
BUNNY flats cf S rooms and bath each; rent
$15; Bcavenger. etc.. free; 915 Minna, near
Trnth. \u25a0 HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
MODERN lower flat of 6 rooms and bath to
l«-t. 1115 Devisadero et., near Turk.
$12 — COZY 4 -roomed lcrcer flat. yard, separate.
703 K'.orida. St.. near Nineteenth. -
ICEVY flat of 7 rooms and bath; rtnls $<!«». loi<j
Green st.. near Van Ness aye.
NORTHWEST cor. Hayes and Lyon; 7 modern
sur.ny rooms and bath, with yard: rent $30.
ASH aye.. 79, near City Hall— New, modern
apartment Cat; 3 rooms and bath; $25.
HERMANN. 43 — Upper flat; 4 rooms, bath;
junction Valencia and Market; $16.
HICKORY aye.. 235 — Flat 5 rooms, $12 50; 905
Taylor, flat rear, 5 room.*--, bath. $22 50.
SIXTEENTH, 2911-27. nr. Howard— 2 desirable
flats G rooms and bath each; rent $22 50.
MASONIC aye.. 1227, near Halght— New Cats,
5 rooms, bath: rent allowed until Jan. I.
NOE Bt., 325, near Market — Modern lower flat,
6 rooms and bath; rent $22 50.
POLK. 2514 A. near Filbert— Modern upper flat;
4 rooms, and batb.
SCOTT. S2O. near McAllister— Light, eunny
flat: 6 rooms asd bath.
GUEKP.EP.O. 1197— « and 7-rocm flats, bath;
large porch; rent ?IS-?2O: apply mornings.
G. GATE. 372 — Furnished parlor floor: family
piano optional; laundry, stove, yard, storage.
HANDSOME, nearly tew lower flat; 6 rooms,
bath, electric lights. 3332 21st, nr. Valencia.
MODERN, fine flat, 7 eunny rooms, basement;
yard; rpas. to eood tenant. 1937 OTarrell.
CENTRALLY located corner flat; 5 rooms and
bath. 10C2 Mason st.. cor. Kacramento.
CENTRAL, modern, upper flat, C rooms, bath.
IC2O Sacramento fct.. above Powell; moderate.
FLATS TO LET — FURMSHED.
POINT LOBOS aye., 1307. near Second aye.—
Nicely iurnlFhed cucny flat. 4 rooms and
bath. $16 per month: Geary cars pass door;
another one of 5 rooms and bath for $22 50.
SACRAMENTO. SC34— Furnlrhed new' fiat of
5 rooms. r>:ano, phone; complete.
FLATS FOB SALE — FCIIMSHED.
PRIVATE sale modern furniture of six-room
flat In fine condition, including refrigerator.
Call Sunday to Wednesday. 24:50 Haste et.,
corner Telegraph aye.. Berkeley.
$350 — WELL furnished 5-room and bath lower
flat; rent $20; central; north of Market; or
for rent furnished; going to Europe. Bcv
1710. Call office.
EITNXY corner flat of 6 rooms, almost new
furniture: rent $26. C 92 Hayes »t.
FLOORS TO LEASE.
LARGE light floor; ' electric elevator; excellent
location: low rent. KKOffLES CO.. 24 2d.
FUUXITURB WANTED.
A— PHONE South 1015; It will pay you to send
lor me before you cell your furniture car-
pets. piano, etc. M. GALUCK. 201 Larkln.
. MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
St.. bet. l»th end ICth, paying big money for
furniture, etc Phone South 179.
WANTED— Furniture of 4 or 5 , room house
complete. Give particulars to box 2701,
Call office. , •
Alfred Wo'lDwt. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc.
HENRY MAYER ©ays htrtert prices for fur-
. nlture. carpeta. etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush Sl3.
Z. ABE LEVY. 1135 Market St.. phone Jessie
1 «61, pays cash and buys everything. \u25a0
FURXITCRE FOR SALE.
ALMOST Riven away: unredeemed storage pl-
«not and fur. Whltehead'B storage. J«3« Mkt.
. $250 — ELEGANT walnut bedroom set: will cell
for VIS. 1022^ McAllister ft.
. BELP WAXTKD — FEMALE.
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton st.
IGrrman cook, $35; housework, country. $35-
French eirl. housework. $25; waitress, coun-
try. $25; French and German governess $30-
experienced nurse. $30; laundres* and cham-
bermaid. $30; cook, boarding-house, $40;
waitress, same, place. 525; 'French visiting
FOverEes*. . afternoon. . $20; . canvassers • for
ricins and corsets. S5O to $75 a month, no
capita! required; call at 2 o'clock Mondiy.
GIRL or rroman early "Monday morning for
hcm»»<?!esnlng. €74 Ninth aye., Richmond
Itegtrict. -.'.•:\u25a0 . .:
tALESLADJES wanted. J. M. LEVEE &
CO., corner Powell* and Geary, sts, ~
HELP AVAXTED— FEMALE— Contjnngd
COOK. American family, * 1 en10......... ; .|^0
4 cooks. German families. •••;••• iffl^rf,.
3 second girls. Sausalito and city. . . . . •* 2 °-|g
2 upstairs girls, assist with children. •••••*£>
Housework. Fruitvale "''"-'-'tan
Housework, Oakland •.•\u2666»"
Housework. San Rafael • • . • • i^v f2}f
7 waitresses, city and country hotels.s2O-$25
Cook and second girU same house..... sSo-$2O
French cook, south, no washing ..»£»
2 first-class nurses. $30; also 2 nurses at J2O
Young girl for light housework and assist in
candy store. $20; chambermaid, south, some
washing. $25; 6 experienced candy packers,
$7-$9 week. *. . '__\u25a0'\u25a0
2 cooks for 10 boarders, dty ;v-J^
Solicitors, men and women, salary $45-s ou
or commission. *.*. .
2 men and wives for ranch and housework,
$50 and a great many girls for housework in
city a.nd near by towns at highest wages.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sut-
ter st. : .".'/- . " .-
AT THE Swedish ana - German> Employment
Bureau MRS. • NORTON, 608 Mason— An In-
fant's furse, $30; two nurse girls, $25; two
cecond girls, $25 and $30; two cooks, $35 and
$30; laundress, $25; cook, same house, $30;
house girl. $30; bonse . girl, two -tn family.
$25; 50 housework girls, city and country.
GIRLS to learn halrdresslng, manicuring, mas-
sage, etc. from A to Z in 1 mo. for $10; .7
positions to fill guaranteed 'at $10 per wk. up;
day and eve.' class; -234 Post. r. 17, 2d floor.
THE opportunlty^of your life; millinery taught
In first-clacs parlors: guarantee to secure po-
sitions for all competent scholars by Jan. 25;
terms $20. 234 Post St.. room 16, 2d floor.
LEARN halrdresslng. facial massage; manicur-*
Ing. scalp trea.tment.halr work.removal super-
fluous hair; day, eve. \u25a0• classes; positions walt-
lng; $10 week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3, 2d floor.
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands oa
skirts. Jackets and waists. Apply Superin-
tendent's office. The Emporium.
WOMAN, advaaoed In years, »• lacumbrances,
.neat, well; dependable and useful, aocps-
tomed to and willing to assist In keeping
house for man and wife; «mall salary jgood
home; write particulars. Bo« 1769, Call.
A FINE-APPBARING business womani posN
- tlvely must be a university or normal sohool
graduate and a thoroughly competent cor-
respondent; rood salary to the right party;
write fully. Box 1773, CalL - -
WANTED— Saleswomen: apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' \u25a0 ' ' '
EXPERIENCED lace saleswoman wanted. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
EXPERIENCED notion ealeswomaa wanted.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALB
BROS.' ' . - '"
TWO experienced saleswomen to advertise and
sell patent medicine in bay cities; salary $40
and commission: references required. Box,
2820, Call. \u25a0 .
W'ANTED— 6alesladles for various depart-
ments. Apply superintendent's office. The
Emporium. : • •
SCANDINAVIAN rrtaln cook and downstairs
work; $25 month; 6in family; ref. Box 2814,
Call. ' \u25a0 - . ' . - -. - - .
NEAT girl t« do general housework aad assist
with children. 8634 Nineteenth St.- ,
AT Crown Shirt Factory, 16th and Valencia,
women to sew buttons on shirts.
APPRENTICE wanted to l«arn pants finish-
ing. 2C6 Stevenson st., between Sd and 4th.
REFINED lady: subscription work : exceptional
offer. GABRIEL PRINTING CO., 416 Sac-
ramento st. •> : . \u25a0 *
LADY assistant and bookkeeper; dentist's of-
fice;' one with' experience preferred. Box
2553. CalL
EXPERIENCED Instructor will coach appli-
cants for civil servloe examinations. Box
2554. Call. • 1
HAIRDRESSER, manicurist, facial masseur,
$15 per week up.; COSOROVE'S. 110 Geary.
SEWING machine operators on shirts: dean,
light factory; steady work; Inexperienced
young women taught and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 1873 Mission
et. bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
AN excellent opportunity for a competent sten-
ographer doing general work; office room and
privileges in prominent office building given
In exchange - for - nominal services. •• Address
box 22. Call office. * ' -
OPERATORS on pants, - overalls and \u25a0 shirts.
HEYNEMANN & CO.. Tenth aad Howard.
WANTED — Young women >to learn telephone
operating; salary while learning: references
required. .Apply after 9 a. m.. 216 Bush st;.
third floor,, \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.. •
BOOKKEEPERS.cashiers, bill clerks.etc.. I will
guarantee you qualification to fill positions in
30 days; private instruction by accountant ;po-
eltlons secured. Address box 1730. Call office.
LADY wishing" to learn bookkeeping can have
office work aa part payment fcr tuition. Box
2565.-Call.
FANCY work jrlven to L ladles -to be done at
home; easy; rapid; no experience y talent.
1344 Market " St.. opposite Seventh. , '
WANTED — Experienced cashiers. Apply su-
perintendent's office. The Emporium.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman with experience
in florist's store. 1441 Polk at.
BARBER S— Employment and Supplies.
BARBERS, attention — Election of officers of
Journeyman Barbers' • Union, Local \u25a0 No. 14S,*
for the ensuing term will be held Monday
evening, 9 o'clock, Shlels building, 82 O'Far-
rell st. All members are requested to be
ji res*. nt with their due books. By order of
the union. For non-attendance a fine will
be Imposed. FRED SMITH, President.
JOS. R. BLEILY. Secretary. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--.-
BARBERS, Attention — Coleman's Exchange;
city and country barber shops bought and
sold. See COLEMAN. 311 Jas. Flood bldg. \u0084
$400— 2-CHAIR well fitted up . barber shop,
with cigar stand for sale; low rent. Particu-
lars with COLEMAN, 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
BARBER shops — Large : variety of them; some
very good; also a number of shops in coun-
try; all prices.. BTOLTZ, 723 Market st.
BARBER shops wanted: all those . that can.
bear close investigation as to their merits
may apply to D. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
$400 — 3-CHAIR barber shop for. sale; choice
location; Market et.: finely fitted; reason for
selling. COLEMAN'S, 311 James Flood bid.
FOUR-CHAIR barber shop and dear store;
cold st a sacrifice If taken at once; account
sickness. .Address P. O. box 539.< San Jose.
POSITION wanted by a ; flrst-class barber: will
work on commission. 2060 McAllister st. -
$65— 2-CHAIR barber shop for sale . If taken
_at once. COLEMAN.- 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
$175— 2-chalr barber shop; bus. and location O
X; particulars Coleman. 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
WANTED — Position by first-class barber; city
or country. Address box 2525, Call.
NEAT '2-chalr shop: account of death. . \u25a0 656
Fourth st. " " ' /.'\u25a0'\u25a0-
S-CHAIR barber shop cheap: long lease: owner
colng out of business. ICOO Valencia st. :
HELP WAXTED-MALE.
WAITER, country \u25a0hotel," fare paid/ $25; but-
ler, $50, and second butler, * $35 and found;
farmer and wife, $50 and ' found ; man about
place, $"5 and found ; - choreman for . ranch, '
• $30 and $25 found;' blacksmith, $3 day; farm-,
era. $25 and $30 and found ; kitchen man,"
country hotel.' s2s to $30 and found; restaur-
ant cook, $10 week and others.' J.jF. CRO-
SETT A- CO., 628 Sacramento st.
INDEPENDENT W. OF AMERICA.
If you are looking 1 for . employment V. you
should call at once on us . and investigate our
plan.- We are now \u25a0 prepared .to furnish - all
trustworthy and \u25a0 reliable - men with ; positions.
Come and investigate; . it .will be to your in-
terest. All information -gladly furnished. Room
31S. James Flood building. ' ' , \u25a0
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton st. .
Cook, coun^r : restaurant, $15 a week; cook,
no Sunday work, $12 a week; cook and wife
for Institution, meat and baking, $S0 to $90;
waiter, $30; dishwasher; s2s, etc; 'butler,' sso.
YOUXO MAN over 20 years with fair business
ability, willing, to work to, prepare for Govt.
position as customs house Inspector; /'start-
ing t*a!ary $100 peri month; permanent/ See
at once N/; H. OLIVER, 43 > Phelan bldg.V ..*\u25a0 .-;
WE want . a ': first-class wholesale man; ". one
with experience^ ln \u25a0: talking machine j bttsi-
. nefcs ; to . . vteit • the trade .'ln *. San ~ F"rancißco
only. " See \u25a0 MR. 'GRAY- at 125 \u25a0; Geary .* st. ;
WANTED — Active man. good - appearance fa-
miliar, with* cigar, .drug and . novelty • trade
both retail and , wholesole, for excellent nov-
elty. 5.. , P. O.*; box \u25a0 ISlO, ' New -York. .
MEN * and \u25a0 women! to I learn the barber trade-
new, method; wages paid while learning; pol
sltlons guaranteed; special Inducements. - San
. Francltco : College/; 741 A' Howard 6t.~- •
SALESMEN •or saleswomen wanted to ' call t>n
people : who " have T sent • In - requests \u25a0; tot ~ our
goods. Address box : 6226, Call « office. Oak-
land. .\u25a0. \u25a0 ' '. - -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ' -:\u25a0.:-\u25a0 . >\ . 1 -_r ••- -
.WANTED — Young.': man -*of •: neat appearance;
knowledge of i books .. preferred : -\u25a0 good i. ref er-
t-noes; ' steady; r>ositlon. % 80x '2707, (."all." , >
COOK i and i wife '• for : - hotel in r Nevada $100-
fare paid. C* R. HANSEN & CO.,' 429 Bush
street.- ' - - - - \u25a0\u25a0 - : <~>iu
THE SAN FRANCISGO GALL, SUND^i DECEMBER 17, 4905.
\u25a0 . HELP -RANTED— MALE^-Continued^
OPEN
SUNDAY 8 TO 12 A:M. \u25a0'
A— MURRA V \u25a0 & READY, " tS34-63« Clay st.
Phone [Main 58-48.
Our Own; Printing ' -•\u25a0-.•.-..-•-- \u25a0-••
Plant \u25a0 Issues ; our V free .* list •or gositions four
v times ;dally-y7;aT'm.V; 10 a- m.. .
H_Wa\_ys^wi^ Ip. m., \u25a04p.•m/ • - • \u25a0 I
-.-.-, EMPLOYERS, i ATTENTION .-__\u25a0\u25a0 |
OUR < INVESTIGATION AND SEG R EGA- !
TIONi RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF j
FIRST-CLASS HEU^P. -• V
.\u25a0 IF YOU WANT. *V. I
THE BEST HELP, DO :AS OTHERS DO-yj
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY.i 634-636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. _
' THE /RIGHT , OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
\u25a0 RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK. _ -.i
:We (rave la 1904 : 7 \u25a0,:, IPOS we hopeio
6t,000 men work. • Increase. 64, 000.
1 TO jJbs. ANGELES— SS.
TO ' LOS •ANGELES— SS. •
Ship this morning to Los Angeles, $B.
- 155 teamsters. - \u25a0 $67 50.
\u25a0 " 65 ' trackmen, . $67 50. . - ' 1 -^ ,'_' .'
Are you going to the land ot sunshine, fruit
and flowers?; LOS ANGELES, fl *s; .
MURRAY & : READY. 634-636 Clay st .
: BHASI^^ REE^irYW-FRE S ; FARE C :
65 .teamsters, wagon work, $67 60.
65 laborers, $60. '-\u25a0„-—- -i-»'»m- ;
TO-DAY SHASTA. FRE^, FARE -
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at. .-
WAITER, flrst-class hotel, tray work^ . -»30_fd
• Compositor printer, city.... sls to $20 weekly
Tinner and p1umber. .. .:.:':. . . . . . '\u25a0'. .$3 50 day
Baker on bread and cake/ north /. $8 week fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clayst .
WESTERN PACIFIO R. R.- '. ;
WESTERN PACIFIC R. R. '
• : . - -26,000 MEN. "\u25a0•"•' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' •'\u25a0'\u25a0
• |67 80. $75 and $90.
BZ~ US— THAT 8 ALL. - .
FIVE THOUSAND.
5000 •••/--\u25a0 '
GREEKS, HUNGARIANS,
SPANIARDS. FREN S?H?i2'
ITALIANS. HU SSJ A SI'
PORTUGUESE. V TURKS.
AUSTRIANS. '\u25a0,-• . '.':, \u25a0<-\u25a0: ETC.. ETO.
Board Yourselvea Bpeclal Fare.
WAGES $60 MONTH.
MURRAY A READY, 684-636 Clay st
MECHANICAL^ \u25a0-./.'\u25a0 ; y'
Millwright sawmill, ; see boes here.
8 sheetlron workers, dty. '
8 Iron -mowers, : country foundry! prints^ •
' oountry , town. $44.
: 8 tinners, steady work, country. $2 50 day.
MARRIED HELP.
Choreman and wife,' private place, near city,
$46 and found. -
Married farmer. Southern California, no work
for wife, $40 and house. '
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Pay st.
JUST COMMENCED.
ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
,840 MILES, $9 40.
To Wickenburg, < Marlcopa County, by the
great Santa ffe R. R.
BHTP TO-NIGHT.
100
LABORSR9 AND DRILLERS. -
- 100
8 AND 4 HORSE TEAMSTERS.
ARIZONA.
940 MILES, $9 40.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
YUMA. ARIZONA— SIO 60 FARE.
255 teamsters, $67 50.
125 axmen, $67 50.
ARIZONA— YUMA. - 810 40— ARIZONA.
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st.
V NEW WORK. ~ ': ~-
N IN THREE STATES. • .
OREGON— WASHINGTON-
IDAHO. ;• >
17 78 fare to Portland; free fare from -Port-
land to IDAHO.
SHIP TO-NIGHT.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
DRILLERS.-
INQUIRE ABOUT IT.
OREGON— WASHINGTON-
IDAHO.
MURRAY & READY. ,634-686 Clay Bt.
MINES, QUARRIES. , ..
. LABORERS, TEAMSTERS.
TUNNELS. .-»"-.-:
80 miners, hand - and machine work, $2 50
to $3 day. . _'J-' W ',
£0 tunnel men. near city, $2 75 day.
47 drillers and hammer men, city and coun-
try. $2 50 to $2 75 day.*
15 headermen, tunnels, $2 25 to $2 75 day.
LABORERS. '
843 laborers, different Jobs, all parts of Cali-
fornia — factories, mills and general work, $2
to $2 50 day. $60 to $75 month.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 CTay st.
SOUTH— SPECIAL FARE,; $2 40.
BIG MONEY FOR YOU. ;- "A:/ .:t
TWO YEARS' " WORK. - :
NEW RAILROAD, SOUTH/: --
One Thousand Men; '
\u25a0 :vv > "1000 MEN. \u25a0\u25a0"** l -v*
\ T "'. . „ ,"ALL*dPEN,"CUT WORK.T .."
\u25a0 DRILLERS AND H AMMERSMEN, $75.
LABORERS AND MUCKERS. $67 50.
BOARD/ETC., $20, MONTH. \u0084
SPECIAL FARE." $2 40.
OFFICE FEE ONLY $I.<
• ARE YOU GOING SOUTH? •
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay st
DOES THIS LOOK GOOD. TO YOU?.
FREE TO-DAY. - TO-DAY IT'S FREE.
: OCEAN SHORE -R..R. .
45 laborers. $60. .-
45 teamsters. $67 60. - " " -
45 drillers. $67,50. - -:
. MURRAY & READY. 634-e36 Clay et.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
. 65 COAL : MINERS. -
$1 TON— ARE YOU -'GOING? 1
COAL MIXERS.
MEXICO 250 Coal Miners. MEXICO.'
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay et.
GREAT LUMBER COMPANIES. V •;;•
86 axmen, woodsmen, etc., $67 50.
42 laborers about mills and yards, $67 50.
86 laborers about box 'factories, $60.
45 laborers \u25a0 for • planing \u25a0 mills, etc., $60 to
$G7 50. BilißßßWiW^fegßßgßPta
These are steady Jobs, year round.
165 TIEMAKERS, 13c BACH.
FREE FARE. '5 *
RAILROAD. OWN WORK.
25 laborers extra gang;
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at. \u25a0
/\u25a0 PORABIO' ;
' ' FACTORY.-
15 laborers for general iwork' around a "large
- factory ; no . experience ? needed ; ;\u25a0: steady ; the
year round; any willing man can fill the; bill;
Inquire about it; you'll go; wages $60. - v
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st. \u25a0
- \u25a0- '- -.- . HOTELS. : . ETC. "I/T
6 cooks, other places.. - ' .
Walters, dty hotels and restaurants, $35
and found. $10 week. /
Marker and distributor,', country, laundry. $55.
Boy to wash dishes * camp "near city, $15 s fd.
.;,, OTHERS. : : -_. v
\u25a0 20 boys for stores, factories; city and country.
Experienced florist, city store.
FARMS, RANCHES, - -- (
...",: .MILKERS, CHOREMEN.
6 plow teamsters; "good ranch,' s3o found. \u25a0* :
• 14 : general "- farmers, different ; ranches, ;. $26
to $32 and foundr;-'- »:..'\u25a0-- ';
18 milkers, -butter-makers and choremen and'
Choreboys. $15, $20," f $25, , $30 ' $35, • found.? -n
18 pruners, . vineyard •or orchard, \u25a0 $2tt \ to ; $30
and- found/ .....\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0'.-\u25a0"/. -•- • '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0•\u25a0'\u25a0-':•\u25a0-\u25a0. '-
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay, st
.-.'. ".' ' \u25a0-.. ' - -MISCELLANEOUS/:
Janitor and run elevator, offlce building,- city,
r must" have • references, * $40/. , ,*-. . -- :
'. 6 steady 'men -for "American: factory,- steady;
•Job' no'lost'tlme, nearclty, "$3760 fouhd.'.."
> MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 Clay \u25a0 St. .
CARRIAGE! painter/: city Job.
Boy; help* paint;' city/- ='
25 laborers. * fare 30c. s $60/ /. ' .
. MURRAY & READY.; 634-636 CTay st.
\u25a0-\u25a0 : -.. -V '. FREE: FARE." •'\u25a0\u25a0.:---, '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 " -•
NOT FAR AWAY. : FREE FARE.
Blacksmith \u25a0 f oe a ; camr>, v 10c fare ; : $50 f f d.yj> £
' Powderman. ; fare 15c;-$75." » r.
« 25 LABORERS.* $60."
\u25a0I :: 25 TEAMSTERS, $67 50. ..
Painter, private: work; $2 day. ; - ':':<,
Bedmaker. small,*- good. hotel; 1 $20 fd.
" Man \ care ; for horses • and load wagons, .-, $6
' \u25a0^week/r > \u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: ' \u25a0• > :~< '\u25a0'''\u25a0 :/• \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0',-, \u25a0 '.'\u25a0
Pantryman, - city; > $7* week, fd/
CATHOLIC.^'^v^;
- Young man, care for class of boys; Catholic;
\u25a0 (2S t&. •\u25a0- '-\u25a0 . ' \u25a0.\u25a0--\u25a0,': \u25a0-- : "--' , :\u25a0:- = \u25a0,;/ \u25a0:
- MURRAY & READY, 634-636|Clay : st. /
MANAGERS "- everywhere ; for : appoint-"
" ' ment - of ' aeents. \ New,* Sclentlflo i Game r for
. drinks "_ and ::l cigars ; -i, replaces r forbidden i slot
machineß ; j: played "-, with 2 nickels -or s pennies ; ;
rented ; or; sold on" credit: \ payable : after : sold,*
or If . operated : on - percentage -, In : public ; places
you ;\u25a0•: remit .; one- tenth "\u25a0 of - earnings monthly,
until 3 paid : - samples < loaned * managers '-* free. '
Address : Manager, ( department' 84, 1680 Lake
.- at, \u25a0\u25a0»: Chicago. v-;.'.'.-r:" i V- ; '- v \u25a0\u25a0 •• : •\u25a0":-; \u25a0:' ' :.'- \u25a0"\u25a0 v>/
EXPERIENCED HAND-IRONERS *ON ;
STOCK ' WORK. - - STANDARD SHIRT. FAC-
TORY. ; COR.* GOUGH AND : GROVE , STS. ' .
MAN, under 85,' from San ' Francisco or .vicinity,"
v to \u25a0\u25a0' , prepare :-. f or. /.' good t} oositlonT as ~\ Rail- \u25a0
; • way , Mall " CTerk: ? experience lin ( oostof flee ! not 1
: necessary;ientriuicejsalary;sSOO'perjannum;;
'\u25a0': gradual promotion: an exceptional opening;
. • examination s goon.? See i immediately ;? N.'VH .i
: i OLIVER/s 43 Phelan ibulldlng. ; -. :
A BRIGHT," active? young. man,^ about 16 ytars
r 1 of .: age,l to 'commence ' as Jof nee boy ; In \ whole-
'\u25a0 -."\u25a0• sales grocery^ business ;f. qualiflcations ' neces-
..? sary.* grammar.! school \ education,"^ good | pen^
manship and^ accuracy i at •: figures; ? state age
and : ref erences.'s'- Box ; 1770; I Call/ ,r « . .- . . '• ..,.. : \u25a0
GOOD I steady i men '.wanted ; i can | make 1 , from $20
: >\; to i $25 • peri week : • see I boss I to-day ; from •: 9 , a."
r mS to J l2 ; m .?y 618 \u25a0\u25a0 Merchant : s t."i> -\u25a0 >.p :^;: \u25a0 , ; :
', YOUNG * man sto I work ?In J unlf orm ? and ; reealla
; store : I permanent * place ?to 5 right < party ; ' ref-
> crences?reaulred."«> Box; 1755.1 Call.. '.\u25a0>;; l
CIRCULAR \u25a0 and * eamole;;; distributors Y:. every- :
where ; Ino • canvassing; <i good r pay.'- Co^opera- :
! tiv. Adv.>Co...N: T. ; /' .
:': HELP W r ANTED— MALE— Continued, j.
AT HORD '*. St ~. SMITH' S : ? Employment sOf floe,
. 628 \ Clay . St. v Telepnone >\u25a0 Main % 6521/ v " '
- Open Sunday,\ 8; to- 12: a."jm.
\u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0 .\u25a0.'•".'* ''.'^NEVADA/' .''\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0=.\u25a0 \u25a0-'/". -1 .:.-;v ,-\
8..P/CO. work; no discount; board $4 60. - :
Laborers. $2 and $2 25: laborers/ $2 and $2 25.
". Free : . : fare.' 1 /.' Slsklydu'-J County; . "laborers,", $2;
\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0"-. also : 5 ' wagon ' teamsters, ; : $2 25. ?- - ; > ! -~. ;
Bpecial; fare,: Merced Coanty, $2 25 to $2 50:' ;
Special ; fare, ; Western Pacific, $2 25 to $3/ :-::
-\u25a0\u25a0 Miners and muckers; $2 to $2 J5 ; near city."- \u25a0
' , !. Teamsters,' $2 25 ; cheap rare south," long , Job.
; , Free fare, \u25a0 any > camp,' Ocean Shore ; j laborers,*
- drillers, k teamsters, > $2 to $2 50; . free fare." \u25a0
6 rock foremen; $60 to $75 month and found.:
' Long ; Job/ Western ! Pacific Railroad/ rock
foremen.;
\u25a0: '\u25a0 - NEW i JOB— COMPANY WORK. >* :
Laborers,'; $2 to $2 25— Cheap ; Fare.
-Houses to live' In 'all winter and good grub. '
Good "outfit ;' no discount; money, any, time.
\ .10 teamsters, $2 25 ; south ;\u25a0 fare $2 75. ' .. :- .
Choreboy, \ private place, $10 to $15 and f d. .
I . Young : man > drive V delivery -wagon, \ olty," $10
">•\u25a0 week.-;;:..,:-.-" . ; . - : '<;;\u25a0; :~ . \u25a0 \u0084-.' . . - ; \u25a0 \u25a0:.. : \u25a0. .\u25a0 x . . ,; ;
MANAGER . wanted : every / section : to . " select
\u25a0 . agents ' for ', "Gameosclence," > world's ' greatest
new game \u25a0 for drinks ; or cigars; takes place
forbidden slot machines; : played : with , nickels
" . or : quarters ; % one ; to ' seven : persons \ can -play
' at once; finish beautiful/- like ; cash register:
rented,', of sold, on credit; 'payable after sold,
: or If operated on percentage In public places
\u25a0. you • remit - part \u25a0; of - earnings '- monthly s until
: paid; use of ; sample free;^proposition" will
please \u25a0 you If (we \u25a0 still \u25a0 have opening In your
. section. " Canadian Novelty (Works. - Dept.
128. ': Chicago, 111., U. 18. A. i
GENERAL outside man for-rsal ««t*te offloe.
South =^: Berkeley. ' - JOHNBON-BULXaARD
REALTY ' C 0. ,; 8224 Adsllae 1 st. ; phon* Ber-
;--'kftley.vlTB2.--:o-,--.:.,--,vy/-- - .;\u25a0-'. Z. , :': "^ \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 -
WANTED . EVERYWHERE— -HUSTLERB to
' tack signs, distribute circulars, samples, etc:
no . canvassing ; good i pay. /. Bun ' Advertising
'.-, Bureau. Chicago. \u25a0 ; ; -'\u25a0-..:.- * : • : '
COOK and seoond; hotel In Nevada, $100; fare
paid. t C.:R. HANSEN A CO.. 429 Bush st. ;
,WANTED— FIrst-dass cleaner and dyer; good
pay; steady Job. 1631, Grove st, Oakland.
YOUNO Irtshmaas hslp to toad bar. Box 1773,
Call- offlce. -\u25a0.:. .-. \u25a0-; -..:-. ' \u25a0>--:-' '•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 : ----
A BUTLER for a good, steady plaog.'fW; ref-
: erencea. MISS pf.UNKJigrT. 4SS Buttsr st
OFFICE boys wanted; must be neat an* smart
Sunset • Press. Market and Tenth ' sts.
YOUNG i man of 16 to 20 in \u25a0- wholesale^housei
good ; opportunity.^; Box 2828, Call offlce.
WANTED— Experienced deputy : organizers.
JOHN. P., GARDNER, South Berkeley, Cal. :.
DBTECTIVES; learn S the business ;' * money
made while learning. 604 Montgomery, r. 204,
MEN and boys wanted to learn plumbing trade:
pays $5 day after completing course of
tical . Instruction at home or , in : our schools;
graduates admitted to unKm;:and Master_
Plumbers' > Association; ' positions secured.
Coyne Bros. - Co., . Plumbing / Schools, a New
York. Bt.~Louls. Cincinnati; free catalogue.
WANTED — Experienced salesmen \u25a0 for various
departments; Berkeley. Stanford^and Profes-
sional -. etud-jnts . can earn Christmas money
by applying -here. - Apply superintendent a
offlce, The Emporium.
MEN snd ladies to learn ; barber >}**A*r "f
-\u25a0 method; wages earnedwhlle learning .^posi-
tions guaranteed > after eight weeks. GILL-
MAN'B Barber College. 627 Clay st - \u25a0 t-
WANTED— Immediately, bright . joung . mea
over .18 years, to prepare^ for . positions as
railway mall clerks; starting salary_sBoo.
See at ! once, N.h! OLIVER. 43 Phelan
building; hours. 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.
WANTED— At once, good, live > canvassers to
represent us throughout California; large com-
missions paid; complete outfits furnished free,
good prospects for right party. Full partlou-
lars address Oregon Nursery Co.. Salem. \u25a0 Or.
ANY intelligent person may earn good Income
corresponding for newspaper; experience un-
necessary; send for particulars. . Preu Byn>
dlcate.^Lockport,,N. Y. -\u25a0: \u25a0" -. '- \u25a0-. .-
WANTED — Laborers » and mechanics '\u25a0 tO; know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the * Denves. House/
217 Third St.. 250 rooms. 25 to 60c per night,
YOUNG men. learn sign painting;.! teach you
by mail: $5 for complete course. Write for
particulars. NISLE SCHOOL OF .LETTER-
ING/94 W. Mountain St.. Pasadena. Cal: ...—
WANTED— Young • man who Is an experienced
dry . goods 3 bundle ' wrapper. Apply ' between
9 and: 11 a.-m/.at HALE; BROS.' ;; \u25a0.--'/\u25a0.'\u25a0 \u25a0.-..-\u25a0\u25a0-';
WANTED— Experienced crater, t'. Apnly • be-
tween 9 and , 11 a/ m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Delivery, bill clerk. "Apply between
9 and r ll ; a. sm.at \u25a0 HALE , BROS.' .-; .1 '\u25a0\u25a0:? -.y :. '\u25a0\u25a0
EXPERIENCED Instructor twill • coach ' appll-
' \u0084\u25a0 cants for civil - service *: examinations. - Box
2854;.. Call j office.' ': " : ---^:" ; .-- : "- "- '\u25a0 ' ;'.; '. -" ; "
WANTED— CIerk" to jwork : from" -lit arm. to 3
\u25a0 p m.; answer, In own hand writing: state age
a'nd;Falary. expected.^; Box 2851. .Call.' -fV -'.i
! HAIRDRESSER,— Marcel waver. COS-
OROVE'S.'; 110 Geary. st.;: , r
WANTED — Carriage- trimmers', at !\u25a0' O'Brien's,
Polk and Golden Gate aye. ~: ; .- "
BOY' for dental ; offlce : ; one ; with 3 some >xperi-;
, ence preferred. Box 2555. Call..
LEARN telegraphy and ' R.* R. N accounting: $S0
to $180 per month salary paid our graduates;
our six schools : Indorsed . by :, all : railroads ;
day and ? eve." session;?^ apply- for- catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy, 26, 0'Farrell at.
WANTED — Salesmen for . boys') and \u25a0> children's !
clothing > department * Apply > S. ; N. WOOD
& CO., 740 Market \u25a0 st ; ? permanent position.
WANTED — A young man for men's furnishing
• goods department. : Apply " B." N.' : WOOD ; & '
CO., corner 1 Powell and ' Ellis i stl.
WANTED — Men :to fill '-. 800 L rooms '; at " 200 t per
night ; - clothes closets, " hair mattresses, elec-
-. trie llght> In every room.' 681: Howard/, nr. Bd.
WANTED — Young . man '^. to • - drive <:-'! grocery
wagonr give experience and age. , \u25a0; Box : 1539,
Cairofflce. : - -.
WANTED— Young i men ; for - wrappers. :'\u25a0 Apply
; superintendent's offlce, 'The Emporium.'. ; •../-
BRIGHT men with business experienced: -life
.Insurance men preferred. . 300 Callaghan bid.;
SAILORS and : young i men (green f, hands) for
whips. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
PENSION . atty/; E. A/ Bullta.* r. . 40,^ Phelan
; bid. Past Com. Geo. H. ; Thomas Post"iO.A.R/y
LABOR \u25a0; debts collected; ; suits, -< atUchments/,
Law and Adjustment • Co/.; 49 2d: sf ;'\u25a0 rm. 522.
DAUTEL ; wants 1800 i men ' to S buy,' Inspected
':' Government - shoes at* 631" Sacramento : st : .-
10,000 ito; buy our genuine
. army chocs; all Inspected. 103 Third st":- "/.
WINCHESTER \u25a0 Hotel, 44 Third st; near Ma«a ,
~i kct-7-700 :\u25a0' rooms ; ,': 85c \u25a0£ night ; ti reading-rooms :
' ' (ree bus land baggage to and; from, ferry. '\,-? \u25ba?.-">
CHEAPEST and best In: America— The ; Weekly
:: Call. 16 pages, sent to • any i address ' in the
United r- States or . Canada r one \u25a0 year for ' $1,
\u25a0 postage ; paid. '-.-\u25a0--\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - -w /; v; - -->..-:.? ; v \u25a0\u25a0:
:, ' ][\- y. SALESMEN ,VW.* NTED.'f ,;:'":
-" : \u25a0./^ BRUSHES.'". \u25a0\u25a0 : ::.. : ' i ;'.+ '.-.
WANTED— A HIGH-CLASS SALESMAN FOR
A LEADING NEW YORK HOUSE, THOR-
? OUGHLY i'^ACQUAINTED WITH '\u25a0*\u25a0* THIS
LINE "AND .WITH - THE 'i JOBBERS 'AND
LEADING RETAILERS \u25a0•' OF.-' r PAINTS,
HARDWARE, ETC. ; \u25a0 IN. THE iTERRITORY
WEST/ OF,; DEN\'ER; S RARE I OPPORTUN-
ITY ,;\u25a0. FOR ' THE X RIGHT it MAN." /APPLY
."CONFIDENTIAL. 'It BOX 2807. i CALL. \ \u25a0-,\u25a0;
W ANTED-^-By 4 large white c goods * commission
./house representative for Padflo Coast to take
- charge . established ' trade ; \u25a0 must ' have : expert-
: ence -In . white I cvods '. and \u25a0be well . acquainted
- .with \ the i trade; - best of references t pequired/
Whlte Goods. ; P. Or. box { 1816;" New .Yorlfy/:
AN . experienced '\u25a0 advertising } calendar , salesman
• for " exclusive -' territory >to \u25a0; sell ? our '? exclusivs
designs ; in « high 'i grade \u25a0 calendars : for - season
s 1907 ; ; must • furnish' best iof - references.^: B~S—'
NETT-THOMAS , MFG. 1 CO.;r Dept/A,;: 828-"
. : 834 5 Dearborn ißtrChlcago/c';- vj: ;^ :
SALESMAN* wanted— We 1 want one v actlve rep^
. .. resentatlve , in each 't town \ In . California,*: with
\ knowledge .of;: lands values. ' ' :
r California; buyers' 1 union,
. : \ 1251-53-55 « James >: Flood t Bldg.,
' . • : San: Francisco,'* Cal/:: '."/r:. : , .:
TRAVELING /salesman '3 by'it large"! Chicago'
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-' wholesale % house >j for i California; k must i com-,
, "i mence ' Januaryj I; i liberal '. contract'and' draw-"'
\u25a0'Ing accounts to right 1 man ;l state; age and ex-
' perience" fully.^Box i7s6,'; Chicago/ : ?A ;>/:;•;
S A LESMAN-r Successful ' installment ' salesman ;
staple ;-\u25a0 line; a unique « proposition ?. with y easy
: payments ; j high ; commission ? with • $25 1 week-"
";ly. ?.W.?S.-:FINLEYjt& CO.;"' tJ36 'Euclid ! avo.;l
Cleveland/: Ohlo. w ,..;-fV.i;v:; /x^y >y.f-- -,f- •<:.-.•, ;
CAPABLE ;• salesman ;to '\u25a0 cover \ California ' with \
'::' staple-illne; 7 high i( commissions fe'f with i', 11 $100
'/< monthly, advance: permanent position to right
; : : man.^fe JESS : H. -,. SMITH \u25a0 CO., g Detrolt.t Mlch;i
'AN 1 active . salesman Jcanlearn ?s2oo ' per J. week i
~'i selling J, our XtK t product ; Ji pocket j sample ; « exclu- '
y-; Blvej territory ; when; ability.' Is '\u25a0 shown, -ft Long- 1
\u0084w ear t Lead i Co.; \i St £ Louis'j? Mo^rrP.
SALESMEN-f^Tobacco; | experience unnecessary;
'; excellent 5 opportunity; \u25a0>' good '1 income ; i steady
employment. \u25a0$ Address s BELLE « MEADE : .TO A
, BACCOtWOßKS. ; Louisville. jKy.':;A^:- %
WANTED-rTen ft salesmen - to *; call^ on » retail
;. ' trade; ? Industrious ; men? can .earn t $8000 'and'
upward i annually. \u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Address 5 box, 386,
, ..apolis.iMlnn. '{.\u25a0'..'\u25a0 : .'::. : i'-yX\ -/v.--' , ''... . . : '.\u25a0: ;'- : :.
G. . W. i SMlTH, v Duluth." Minn.'; made ] $480 'one \
-; week JselllneiWflr'B sL**a<l.-v; Can 1 tsyou?i*Dr r
S ALESM AN ,i wanted; fexperienoed.?' 905 SEast'
A"' PERMANENT ' buslness-^sso rto ,-$150; : per
.v week' positive; • representatives wanted > every-
i;i where \u25a0 to . operate 1 sales ; - parlors I for., the j best
ladies' and, gents'^ dress i shoe known; 10 ortg-
-"\u25a0\u25a0' lnal '.; sight-selling health £ and ' comfort r f ea-
' ,'.turee; : factory ito consumer; ;. previous, ' expert- -
;h ence : unnecessary. '- profit <\u25a0 possibilities - unlim-
ited; no risk; reply' quick., W. A. WRIGHT
:•"&-; CO.;-: 1233 ; Broadway.-; Oakland,? Cal. \u0084-\u25a0\u25a0-,.*
PERPETUAL". fountain -pen ;for : 2sc; . lndelible
' '.writing; % cleverest > pen t ever S Invented ; - sells
v v on i sight ; J agents '•' make $5 "a X day *. and " up-
- r -! ward; .special prices; to traveling men -to sell
Vi- the trade; ; send 16c i for • sample and * propost-
"\u25a0 ; ,tlcn;;"..VßßPOU ; CO..^ Minneapolis, : Minn.
, BIG : money j in ' squabs; I cheaply I raised |In I only
. '4 " weeks ; » sell ;; f or ;, fancy ; prices ; ',', ' wonderful
:.*- market; %, write '.for ' frea : book . and learn -this
rich ' industry. PLYMOUTH i ROCK \u25a0 SQUAB
CO.; 182 Howard st..* Melrose; Mass. . v
GENTLEMAN . with ' expert '.commercial knowl-
, edge, . at 1 present » visiting • San < Francisco,; de-
- sires A agencies and '-; commissions \u25a0? for \u25a0 Aus-
;,tra lla; highest references/.*- Box 2887,; Ca11. \
WE pay 836 a week and expenses to. men with
\u25a0 rigs 4to t Introduce ~- poultry compound ; I year's
'\u25a0-* contract." . Imperial Mfg. . Co.; > Dept.; s4, Par-
sons, Kans. .. ' \u25a0-\u25a0-..-._ \u25a0 '-_'- - \u25a0\u25a0-\u0084 \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>'-;:
AGENTS— iJve men : to sell '•\u0084P ocket \ Cigar
• i Lighter; i sells oa sight ; ; big ' profits ; . ao more
\u25a0\u25a0': matches. ' Q.'. L>, I S.' & Co.; 127 Puaas st. N. Y.
:_y t SOLICITORS 'WANTED.
WANTED— Solicitors of good character to take
;.up- work on a. business proposition of -ex--
:- oeptionally good ' soliciting ; opportunities; re- .
\u25a0: \u25a0 liable - men only ; desired; -' references. - Call
at 407 Grant ' building. Seventh : and Marke t
- sts.. ; between the hours of 10 a. m. and
\u25a0.;-/\u25a0 : :....---, '\u0084- : \u25a0.:"\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0: :''." \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•
VOnjß Al ' sxperieaoed solirttors to : handle aa
artiole : used In all stores; highest ; conuals-
- g slon; \u25a0 monjy every | alght. : 686 . Market 1 st.,
\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0 top : floor. *- 1 to 4 to-day. Sunday. .', ** \u25a0 .
LADIES -: and ' gentlemen : (hustlers); > salary or
: commission. ' Call 613 ;; James ' Flood bldg w
: Monday, : 9•to 12 a.': m. ' and 7to op. m. •
YOU can make $8 a day selling coupons. 814
Callaghan building. ; V ' :
/ HORSES ;; AND WAGOJTg. }
TWO - rood i delivery wagons aad harness, |90
: each; 2 good \u25a0 business -buggies ' and i harness,
; / $90 eaoh 1 1 road : horse and 1 buggy and har-
nesa. |90. ' : Call to-day, 610 Van Ness aye. .
WANTBD--T0 hire 300 head of horses or mules
; with harness for scraper work.' -Inquire for
particulars MADIGAN, O'NEIL & CO.,
122 Grove st. . - .
FOR* sale— A light weight wagon pole; almost
1 i ne w ; cheap. :• 52 Henry, St.; bet. Sanchez-Noe.
LIGHT wagon, top wagon and business buggy;
-cheap. -623 Fulton st. - : *.-' .:
A — FOR sale; 2 big brood mares, 1 team horses
weighing 1850; must be sold; cheap 827 6th,
FOR : SALE— -Good ! team. ' sand ' wagon ; •Al rig.
" 2206 : Sixteenth St., near Bryant.
WANTED— A good driving horse. '- Address box
2602. Call office. :. _. \u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0
WANTED— A - horse; : must .'be 'gentle and
young. ;'Addr*s box, 2702, Call office. •
FOR sale— A stylish driving mare; also broke
to Baddle; 15^4 hands high. : Box 2703, Call.
WANTED— A : horse ; 6-8 * years old ; • 900-1000
lbs.: Call 1565 Market st. JACOBSON-.
$20— PHAETON •in good order. ,432- Four-
--- teenth Bt. , ' - ' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 -. -
AUCTION, sale of horses,. wagons and harness
every Wednesday at ll a. m.,827 Sixth st.
HOUSES TO LET.. - *
-A PRINTED list of houses Ito let; send for ctr-
cular. y G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgmy.
AN ELEGANT CORNER RESIDENCE:
CLOSbTiN ; 18 ROOMS; SUITABLE FOR
ROOMING OR BOARDING HOUSE,
SCHOOL - OR INSTITUTION. " 890 PAGE
/ST.. COR. BUCHANAN.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.'
11-ROOMED , sunny house. 310 Fulton st. ; nice
\u0084 grounds ; 5 rooms ' rented $55 : total . rent $75.
HOUSES FURNISHED— FOR SALE.^
FOR sale— At the beach south of the park,
San Francisco's health resort, a bungalow,
, consisting <of-. a : car with • 3 rooms attached.
: furnished <or ; unfurnished ; an elegant . place
for a family or a club; rent of ground nom-
inal. Inquire box \u25a0 1491. . Call office. 1 : V
TEN rooms; eunny corner: must sell this week;
good reasons. ' 800 McAllister st. - .
HOUSES > WANTEP-^FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house wanted ist ' January," 3 " to
v 8 rooms: 8 adults: can • furnish good refer-
\ ences; state prioe.' Box 324. 1008 Market st.
TO: LET.' "
NEW,; ne at cottage at . San ' Francisco's health-
: ful beach ; \u25a0 4 rooms, * bath," lavatory, -\u25a0 gas and
electric light; sun all day; rent reasonable.
Take Park and Cliff. House car, stop at 46th
aye.. go south ; one-half block to No. \u25a0 1275. \ \u25a0'.\u25a0"
FURNISHED and i unfurnished ; "cars ; and oot-
tages -. at ' Oceanslde - District; also . facing
ocean; rent $10 up. Renting. department of
J. > H." D. ' FELDBUSCH • JR., BE. " cor. , 49th
' aye. and I "St.; 4 Ocean boulevard. : •
v-;"r~.;; hotels.';- ','
HOTEL St/ Nicholas, ' i Market, ; Larkln, Hayes
\u25a0 \u25a0 ts. — Heart ' of 8. F. ; - modern; American and
European plans ; electric lights . and phone in
--\u25a0 every room ; . hot and '\u25a0 cold water; quiet. \u25a0 \u25a0:\u25a0-\u25a0;
.-.-• ' : i *:':';\u25a0. A: : investments. - : - •-::.": ,-\u25a0;',
NAMES of Eastern Investors ; for sale. MAX-
; : WELL, 1174 James : Flood building. . . : /. ;
XV" :; i INVALID i CHAHiS.
SOLD. I rented, exchanged ; manufacturer of the
Eames tricycle chair.- 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 773.-
\u25a0 .; :. •\u25a0*-/:?;.;\u25a0 JAPANESE | FLORIST. '-.: .'. ;
JAPANESE i Florist — Fresh - cut ' flowers every
\u25a0 day; i plants \u25a0 for, sale r a , epeclalty. 1708 Polk
/street, near Washington/ Phone East 1304. .
,; ; " V LAUNCHES i FOR; HIRE.
C. A. \u25a0 McNEILL LAUNCH CO., ' foot of CTay'
\u25a0 it., for pleasure and business; tel. : Bush 634.
LAUNCHES,"*' new ' and : slightly ' used ; some
good snaos. > Cal/: Launch Wks.,*; Alameda. :-.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOSTS-aold badge; 'VcSourt California No. 4/
\u25a0 Return to GEO. E., DAVIS, s 67S Kansas st. ;
; liberal .•;/. ', \u25a0/ ,\u25a0-.". . -
LOST^-A ' diamond locket, on- McAllister \u25a0 st.
t4 Finder^ receive, re ward at 1053 McAllister et.'
LOST— A passbook [with the Hlbernla Savings
••: and : Loan • Society \u25a0' of - San Francisco \u25a0". in - the
name of CHARLES ANDREWS, No. 800-292.
"'.The finder, will please return, to bank...
LOST^-Lady's gold watch; Initials VR-L." out-
. » slde.y 623 ; Chestnut ; st. ; i reward. .-.' - :
$9 1 REWARD I for the return of a dark . brown
setter, t lost Jon Flllmore ; aC; * 2867." Clay ' St.- \u25a0.:*
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0• '-\u25a0"\u25a0- >".. -;MEDICAI*--- < .".-" : \u25a0\u25a0;. ; ; -".•'
DR.' O. "\ W.* O* DONNELL-^Ladles, : all . who are'
: sick or In • trouble.": consult ' this specialist on
w. female £ complaints ; i positively ; corrected ; ; the
- J. unfortunate > helped ; - the I most \ difficult , cases
v- treated: ' every case \u25a0 taken; immediate : relief;
no poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
> * will : cure < all \ cases -of > Irregularity; ,: consult
\u25a0% me ; \u25a0 save time ' and money ; advice free." \u25a0- 1037
.Market st.; hours, 9 a. m. to 4, 5:30 to 8:30.
MRat DR>,WYETH.'f specialist ; for all female
;-. t complaints « and g Irregularities ; i Instant % relief .
" ; r. guaranteed; 80 years'i experience." 944 Post st/:
MRS." DR." KOHL/ reliable specialist for all \u25a0 f e-
\u25a0' male 1 troubles " and - irregularities; 5 Instant 1 re-
. lief : guaranteed. \u25a0\u25a0 Office hours . 9 to 6. Sunday
10 to 2. a 1008%: Market st..-; opposite Fifth. - 1
.VALPEAU*S V female '" pills f best fregtxlatlng 'pills
- ••>• sold ; ; price 152505 by i express.-*'; Pasteur's >. syr- -
• irgee and- tablets; price \u25a0\u25a0 $5/ By z express i only.
• on : receipt *of < price."' OSGOOD . BROTHERS, 1 !
"- wholesale ' druggists. Seventh » and • Broadway, »
-^Oakland.?' y ! r-:- ; -:-.: : --':x:" ;i - :.'"-/ .': •-.--.•\u25a0\u25a0 '•\u25a0---\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0,- .-
WOMEN' S diseases and I irregularities . cured In
c" J 24: hours; 19 years'J experience without a ; fall-
:'ure; no trifling; strictly private; elite patron-"
; ,;age only., Dr.; Sylvester's office, (l2o6 Market.^
DRB.\ ; GOODWIN'S i herb I treatment, ,"rellable,' ;
*.:£ Bate, ' prompt ' for female Irregularities:' relief
; : or no fee ; $10; hrs/ 9-B. w 850 Mkt. St.? suite 39.
DR5c- C 5 O'DONNELL^-Offlce and : residence
f" v 1021 V ,' Market st.Vi bet."3 6th . rind -. 7th : . porticu- \u25a0
i,i lar attention i paid \to i diseases : of . women.
*A— MRS.I DR. 5 ? GWYER.I SIIA* Leavenworth st. .'1
PIMt.I Geary and O' Farrell. ! Phone : East 697. r .. \u25a0-.• ;
DR/iW;;; R.^ M ACY. <; reliable . ladles' -i speclalUt,
&? 906 • Market , st. ; 1 hours ; 10 ;. to 9 ; J Sun.'-.i 10 . to •0,
DR/ f and I MRS.'* DA VIES and * Hindoo vlf »rb« I
' v; original method- of^treatment.'p 1126 M»rk#l, d
DR.'; ROSEN,'; residence 2995 Folsom *1, ~- fitrtnet
>a Twenty-sixth : i ladles.'*' relief ; or ni> f «« t : | )o yji
,-"•'..' MILLIJfEKV.i" I .
\u25a0kETTIRING :from buslnesslt i 1Ih(* ? Ilial '? Wiiu
?% frorn;sloUo;sls;i now? only; sl'fX>rsn>ih* «»»
l^onesinow^l- 96;!oth«rsiat^ 11 1? J»h kin"* ' ,t
§ materials iatione-thlrflUorfnpr pt]<#itin V»«e ;
sonable 4 offer i ref um>d '<-' for ; •titlrr* t §h*>u *ha '
flxtures.^Fleur .? de * Ua \u25a0-:Mlllln«rr: Mlllln«rr • ifti mL!
rAlllster ;st.r-neariFrftnklln.' ' p *V Mci
, - \u25a0;\u25a0'« •\u25a0•'_--\u25a0• - , , '
aiATRIMOXIAIi. . \u0084,',.--*',
MARRIAGE": Advertiser, in«>n?ora te<l J_ ¥&
year: 2000, worth $100 to tlW>Ws_
sealed / : ;S/.C. LOVE. 'box 1600. Denver, Colo.
MARRIAGE paper free with photos: select and
wealthy. :B. OXLEY, > New Vienna. Ohio. _
FAMOUS Oralhovskly wishes to me&t old lady;
» - object matrimony. *\u25a0 Address 318 Minna »*•__
. i MISCELLANEOUS— FOR : SA jj^u^.
Hers are v a few specials in stationery.
STATIONERY.
Fine Writing Paper in beautiful carton
\u25a0 boxes, 'In all latest tinU ' and textures,^
per box .....^..................••••"••• 5W
A scecial . line of . fine ' correspondence P*P* r __^
In daintily decorated boxes, per box....za«
: "I j carry . a .very . large and ' select line of cor-
respondence ' and society stationery In the most
up-to-date styles. \u25a0 \u0084 '
OFFICE STATIONERY
Otacr*..- Aad \u25a0 Supplies f v4o
la very large lines and very! choice assortmsat.
including letter flies, bill \u25a0 fllss,* pads, legal
blanks. . typewriter paper.' memorandum books
and :- blank ; books 'of all kinds ; all' at small
profit prices. , '
THAT MAN PITTS.
ICOS Market' st.. San Franclsoo.
SHAVING MUGS. .
Very seleot line *8o n»
Fine line of Lather Brushes at ...... ... ." • «0o
Good Razor Hones from .J"** *P
COMBS AND BRUSHES.
' " " For Men aad .Women. '
Also Pocket Combs, Hand Mirrors, Pocket
Mirrors, Tooth ' and Nail Brushes at" little
prices. . -
THAT MAN PITTS,
1008 Market St.. Ban Francisco.
FOUNTAIN PENS.
. Buy a fountain pen for him for a Christmas
present.' What could be more appropriate?
Waterman's Ideal Fountain Pens, Conk-
lln's c elf -Filling Fountain Pens. A spe-
cially good fountala Pen 11 W
THAT MAN PITTS, ~
, JOO3 Market st., Saa Francisco.
. , - POCKET . KNIVES.
Any man would enjoy a good : pocket knife
for Christmas. . See my extensive ltae -In all
the best makes. My line Is top-notch and
embraces all .. the best brands of the world.'
Am offering a specially good pocket knife, .
with three excellent blades, fortified
vv ends. stag, handle, suitable \u25a0 for lady or
- gentleman] at ...$1 00
Another fine value, with three razor steel
blades and pearl handle; fashionable
shape and size. Special at $1 SO
THAT MAN PITTS.
lOCS Market * St.. San Francisco,
SCISSORS.
• A full and excellent line. Including all kinds
and shapes of . Shears. Buttonhole Scissors, at
25c - up: Guaranteed Manicure Scissors, at BOc
up; Embroidery Scissors, at 25c up.
THAT MAN PITTS, .
1008 Market st., San Francisco.
* - """ "^ - - • - f
H. S. WHITE- Machinery Co. has the follow-
ing to sell this week:
901 — Wood boring machine, Al ......$25
©02— 8-HP. American gasoline engine $195
903 — 2-HP. Hercules gasoline engine $35
004— Laundry plant complete. Including
mangle, washers, extractera, shafting, pul-
, " leys, engine, boiler, etc $000
905— 80-HP. portable , engine \u25a0 and boiler
mounted on regular truck; Al; ready to
; steam $350
906 — 450-H-P. Corliss engine (Union Iron
W0rk5)....... ............... $2000
:- 907 — 20-HP. submerged tube, vertical boiler.
complete with Injector, stock, eta. $150
908— 8-HP. vertical boiler, all complete... s7s
-.900 — 8-HP. locomotive firebox boiler, with en-
gine mounted on same. A 1..... ....... .5175
- 910 — 10-HP. vertical engine (5nap) .:..... .$9O
911 — 4-HP. vertical. boiler; good as new.. s3s
912—500 light - dynamo, new............5550
913— 70-HP. boiler and engine, complete.. ssoo
, 014^— 50-HP. steam engine, perfect order. .$250
915— SVixlO hoisting engine (d0ub1e).:... 5475
816— 54x16 return tubular c0mp1ete.'....'. 5345
917—9x12 Blake crusher, new .$2lO
SlS— Assay er's sampler pulverizer, nearly
new ...$4O
„ 919 — Electric. hoist. 40-HP-. Sldgerwood.s3oo
And a complete lot of second-hand machinery
In general. The largest place of Its kind in
the West. "Still growing." ..".. „ \u25a0\u25a0;
H. S. WHITE MACHY. CO.. 180 Beale st-
H.* B.* WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
\u25a0\u25a0 Offlce and Salesroom. ~ 130 Beale st. •
Works and Yards, Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a brand. new lot of pipe complete,*
ready for Immediate delivery.; \u25a0
Vi-lnch pipe.... $3 23 per hundred feet (new)
% -inch pipe.... $3 95 per hundred feet (new)
1-lnch pipe.... $5- 70 per hundred feet (new)
1%-lnch pipe...; $7 60 per hundred feet (new)
I,H-lnch pipe.... $3 90 per 'hundred feet (new)
2- Inch pipe... .$ll 95 per hundred feet (new)
2% -In. screw pipe (2d fad); ready for use, 10c
• 8-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. 12Vjo
3%-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 15c
4-ln. screw pipe (2d hd) ; ready for use, 13c
Send - by ' check, - money order or ! cola by
W. F. Express Co., with order.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
* Offlce -130 Beale st. -
\u25a0 Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
2D-HAND machinery. ; engines. , boilers, pumps,
pulleys, : shafting, - etc. etc., bought. \u25a0 sold,
rented and •: exchanged: see Sunday papers.
\u25a0 ;H.S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
" \u25a0 z±y'v l
FIRBWOOD— S2 20 .PER LOAD,
- Delivered and t carried In.
PACIFIC - BOX FACTORY.
Fifth and Berry sts,
TELEPHONE SOUTH 125.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
/ TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-107 Fremont st.
FOR sale— At the beach south of the 'park.
r . San Francisco's health resort. , a bungalow,
consisting lof a car \u25a0 with 3 rooms attached,
furnished or unfurnished; an elegant place
for- a family "or a dub: rent of ground nomi-
nal/Inquire box 'l49l, Call offlce.
PARTY- having taken two new standard up-
right pianos In exchange \u25a0 and . having use
' ' for only one will sell the other at less than
cost; no' reasonable offer refused. Box 2826..
Call offlce.
\u25a0 FOR - sale — New ' and second-hand billiard and
-. pool - tables: easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege ;, of buying: » modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
: COLLENDER, 652 Mission st/. S.F. \u25a0,
UNION Ice Co. plant for sale: 2^0.000 ft. % pipe,
ordinary & ex. heavy; : other sizes up to 12 In. ;.
boilers, engines. ' pumps/- air receivers: 25 HP.
\u25a0 Kas engine, tanks. G.Weissbaum.3s6 Tehama.
ANOTHER rebuilt No. 1 Smith Premier Type-
writer/ $35; a bargain. , L. &' M., ALEXAN-
DER. 110 - Montgomery " St.; : agents ; L. »" C-
Emlth & Bros.', visible typewriter. .
A— BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery,' en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting. , pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 336 Main st.
HIGH grade . Corliss and automatics engines
at factory prices. P.'O/box 724. ,5aa Fran-
.'l clsco. - \u25a0 '.'"\u25a0 '-•-'/ '- ', "' \u25a0. '\u25a0
BUSINESS college ! course In' bookkeeping : and
' stenography; worth $20; sell, for $15/ Box '
\u25a0 2522. Call offlce. .
A - ; FEW- extra' bargains In - talking \u25a0 machines
at LEVY'S. 415 Kearny st.: HM noh :dtsk»
./-nowl60o."? : .. .. ' '. ... \u25a0 '\u25a0 ;\u25a0•>: ;:\u25a0\u25a0 . . "-.\u25a0-. ,">
COLUMBIA* hand press." 7x9;'' Globe power
press,' : 13x14;; .cheap. \u25a0- 654» Bltaabtth st.; !
Castro-st-jcars. ..-.-'.. ' .
GREAT Dane puppies. 10 we«ki» old, by "Blue,
\u25a0beard"- with; "MaudS.", Address 6. Oerg-
sten. Center-st. station. W— t Oakland/.' ..
FOR sale — A sealskin «» good as new
• MUNICIPAL^LOA N OFTICB,
: - ' *\u25a0 \u25a0 807 Market 11L
PHOTOGRAPH KItfI— LAt««t ' nov»lty, Lu«t«rln»
'\u25a0_ photo: cloth : samptv pacKage 28a. ; BUNSET
BAZAR. 42 Tt.lrJwt. i :, ;
MILES of plp«» •ndniltntsj sll sliterchesp.-
EUGKNIC HU.tOV A BONi, offlce 408 Mala
\u25a0 st. : : warfhotiim li« \u25a0 V»||»Jt> at.
A— GKNTH' full tifimii mi I til ,to rent. J.^
Vi COOPRin. 81 - Ktorkion gt,, »»ortrnl " fl«or.
NICBLT t»>ll«)i0ii n i.A|.tn> : t|i«|t* for sale very
chmip, r.')f) t '"l'lf^l.. txit aflth and gqth.
".^"'C""^" P""*X*l PJ-lUi wholes 2\ic per
Hi, frtf <>'.^fa^»'>* g» > «. Cull.
-A MMAtmnn* Al«^«- mu«kr»t rob«: Just
,tM« thlftif for »M fttttrmujttlle. Uox 2816, Call.
iai«M«-«^i ai«M«-«^^ i yiM*^yy| | .^ #MMMM^^ M^^ r^. —^ (j j|_LL_-LJ "
UlWiy,- ll*tjt> tMrnHttftlh irnn^H; flxed sUdla-
l r t/UH*r*V0 I t* Rdtonmtlu Urar and cam cutting
fo* aw>8 ' Cult.
tWhtjMtWt* tutih withstand: for sale/ ; Thlr-
> i;L > "" t pw'lnWii ay«. south. '
UAtfA n I P3f<, nn« r«?»ow J trlllers. cheap. ': . 654
- /-t ** j ' \u25a0 ,***' '• '- <ni * trO4 '' t ' \u25a0 car *- : - . / -
FO& t"»l* # -t M 9 pieces ; ot " unique fillet ? lac*.
VtUp fi!!tttter*»awea large roll-top desk cheap.
\ J*pMJV>'tt» CO.. 24 Bqcond st.
MAN «fid ' wlfu will exchange new standard ]
Urrlsht l«l«no for., board/ 80x ' 2330, CaU.'; (
iiiscixiJ^Eor s— for saxe— °»^-i
FINE lot of Runts and Barred Kx»^ . £?_*
hens ; cheap. Glenmore Pigeon Lofts. B»
• . hurst. .-. \u25a0-\u25a0 -' '\u25a0•' . ' ' ' \u25a0
PIGEONS-A few fine hens. Runts and^ £»"\u25a0*
Lynx, reasonable. 474 Edwards st.. Qaklmao.
A SMALL upright piano; in good condition; $60.
Phone Blue 258. \u25a0. . - ; \u25a0 **\u25a0 -
A BEAUTIFUL young Collie male pup: also
Collie '\u25a0female. 6495 Tel, aye.. Oakland.
TWO hydraulic elevators and one S-foot wlnd-
' mill, cheap. t706 Broadway. Oakland.
CHRISTMAS gifts. - original calenders. ' eto.
Klngsland • Art Shop. Halght and DevJsadeTO. \
HIGH grade ; second-hand office safe and wagoa
scale. PARCELL3 SAFE CO. t 216 CaUfornia.
SAFES— Must make room; no reasonable offer
refused. 123 New Montgomery st- '
MACHINERY, boilers . and engine* bought. .. -
sold and exchanged;- power plants la their
entirety bought.' Western May Co.. 230 Main.
DESKS and ! office furniture bought, sold ' and
_!I£chagged. T. P. MCCARTHY. 607 Mission.
R ; C. HUGHES— Printer. 511 Sansom* kW 8»»
Francisco. - \u25a0 ' \u25a0 •--'\u25a0- -
TWO merrry-»o-«>tinds: one miniature railway.
BACIGALPPt, 805 KearnT St.
SAFES New and secend-hand. TH3B" HSR-
MAJTN SAFI? CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
-MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rentaU:
bargains: BULLARP A BRECK. 131 Poet st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ;
AAAA— POSTAOB - stsjnp* aad col!«cti«wis '
lsaoed^oa. Aadres»,b« IfITT.
Qall otfloe. ;:.-
SECOND tenor «r *«TtOO« wooW **»hTO3aor-
oosvaaarUt wor kins;. the oout B« 286 a
Call offlce. \u25a0\u25a0 ' -\u25a0 '\u25a0"• • "\u25a0'\u25a0 \
A— BUYS hlgh-«rs4e ladles' ere. tvnmitmX^
castoC eloth'gT eto. 108» Folsom;teLSoqta 109>
ANDERSON pays highest price for »»gle"; *»*
v geats' clothing. Tel. Howard 1187: 154 »ta SC
BICYCLE wanted; chalnless preferrsdl mast
state price. Box 2817. Call offlc*.
TOTJNO maa wishes to Jola gymnaslna»; a%%t»
terms. - Box 23861 Call - office. .
WANTED— A \u25a0 second-hand ' billiard table, «xi
feet ' carom. - Inquire at 863 Market si. •
WAiTTED— Retura trtp ticket to TBut: Chlc««o<
preferred. Bo* 6221. Call offlce. Oakland.
DIAMONDS.' eto. bought for cash. Karl Ebe»
: -It Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny st.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The WeeWy
Call, 1 16 pages, sent Ito any address m tae
• United States or Canada one year for »l._l_
MOSEY TO LOAIT.
CONFTPffiNTTAU
Loans o • sH kmds and of erery dssorlptloa
made on pianos, * furniture, warehouse re-
ceipts, livestock aad to people on their la-
dividual notes at banking-house rates; la
case of sickness , or loss of employment we
extend your loan, so you take no chance or
losing your goods; your business Is strictly
confidential, as we make no Inquiries of your
neighbors; goods remain In your . possession
and you can have the loan as long as you de-
sire; If you have any outstanding bills or
owe any loan company, we will pay them
for you « and give you . more money ; It is
easier to pay one than a. number; to ladles ot
prominence we make loans without any „ se-
curity whatever; we can refer you to any
bank or newspaper in this City; don't fall t»
call and see us and we vrfh cheerfully ex-
plain to you our up to date method of doing
business; yon meet no "one at our separate
<-' and offices. ILLINOIS TKCST
COMPANY, room 16," Phelaa building; phoae
Mam 704.
MONET <
', ALWAYS ON HAND.
SUMS FROM $10TO$JM.
Rates no higher h untie
TERMS A> LITTLE EASIER AJTO '
PAYMENTS MORE CONVENIENT.
A COUPLE HOURS' NOTICE WILL DOt
COURTEOUS TREATMENT 'ALWAYS.
SECURITY— A CLAIM O2* YOUR FUItN>
TURK, PIANO. HORSE, VEHICLE f O3»
NO PUBLICITY ABOUT IT. _____%
\u25a0 NO BANK MORE RETJABTJO.
PROOF— OUR LARGE BUSINESS.
EVERY REASON YOUR APPLJCATCOgf \u25a0
SHOULD BE LEFT HERB WHEN YOtJ
NEED MONEY. . •
WE'RE READY AND WILLETO.
ENTIRELY NEW PAYMENT FLAK. "
HOUSEHOLD LOAN CO..
202-203 CALLAGHAN BLDO..
MARKET AND MoALL»TS» »m
PHONE SOUIH9M. *- .t' "?-
LOAN HEADQUARTER 3. * "
AAAA— Coafldentlal.
Loans of air kinds and of every deecrljK!i»
made on pianos,- furniture, warehouse .*•» •
celpts, livestock and to people oa their in-
dividual notes at banking- house rates: la
case of \u25a0 sickness or loss of employment we
extend. your loan, ao you take no chance ox
losing your goods; your business Is strlotly .
confidential, as we make no inquiries ot your
neighbors ; goods remain in your possession
and you can have the loan as long as you de-
sire; •If you have any outstanding bills or.
owe any loan company. .we will pay them
for \u25a0 you . and - give you more money ; l: Is
"easier to pay one than a number; to ladles of
prominence we .make loans without any se-
curity whatever: we . can refer you to any
bank or newspaper in this city; don't fall to
call and see us and we will cheerfully ' ex- .
plain to you our up-to-date method of doing
business; you meet no one at our separate
and private offices. ILLINOIS TRUST
COMPANY, room 18, Phelan building; phone
Main 704. - _____'
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner Tfaittdlng.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
\Eave expenses by dealing directly. '.£
' Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter. \
• efts, assignments of rents, property la trust. \
etc.: legacies, lite estates and undivided In-
terests tn property purchased. ' -
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
" See HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can get
Just on his note: . -•--„.
Monthly. Semi-M. Weekly.
$50— Return to us.. sl3 35 $6 63 $3 3ft
$30— Return to us.. 800 400 -2 00
$20— Return to us.. 535 2 63 139
$13— Return to us.. 400 (3 00 100
Or any other sum. and pay back In proportion.'
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO.. 500 Rlalto bldg.,
, } New Montgomery and Mission sts.
WILL LOAN
reasonable amount oa
- .lst,,2dor 3d
* Mortgages oa real estate
»" la dty, town or country. ' -.
• - Low rate of Interest.
.- Give full particular \u25a0 •
' of pronerty, \u25a0»
Location, eto. 9>!flE
:\u25a0>;.>•*'\u25a0\u25a0•. ..-- Box 223. . Ca11 ; offlce. .
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO-
• 21 Stockton St.. near Market.
; td floor.
) Loans made .. to salaried people without »«y
publicity ' or other ; inconvenience on their
cotes. Loans on • real estate \u25a0la probate: life •
insurance • policies, estates, second mort-
: - gages. " assignments of rents, etc.
BAI^ARY LOANS— ~ "
Money loaned . salaried peopte without secur-
ity or Indorsement.' knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment.
- Call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable* private place to obtata
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at I
per cent Interest. Baldwin's Jewelry Store.
U7S. Market 'it., tel/ Main -1644. Branca 1193 i
Market «t. and 27 Third st. t
ANY amount ' quickly on furniture or piano '
without removal or other security: lowest
, rates; no commission; confidential SOH-7
Donohoe bldg.. 8 Taylor at., corner Market.
MONEY loaned ; to salaried people, retail mer-
ckants. teamsters. ;, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments: larg* business tn 40
principal cities. TOLMAX. 553 Parrott bldg.
ALVA ' CO. loans money to < salaried people *
! without security: good terms, easy payments;
•alto on other security. 507 Jas. Flood bldg.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission: no publicity: $23 up; quick.
n.ul<»t. confidential. \u25a0 2« Montyy. st.. room 2L.
LOANS to SALARIED PEOPLE without seour-
' lty; loans on Indorsed notes and other secur-
ity. ; S.^ F." DISCOCNT^AGCY ;: 123-rPhelan. V
LOANS to; salaried people without \u25a0 indorstr;
prompt attention and liberal « terms. Th»
'< City Loan Co.. 211 Crossley building. |
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; gold,
sliver diamonds, pearls and precious stone*
'.bought at W. J. HESTHAL'3. 10 Sixth St.. ..
SALARIED people withoot security; also^ on
furn. estates In probate. Ufe tas. policies, eta .
Empire l£n A Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount. " r«al other security:
$100 up. W. J- WHITE. C 6 Montiromery. r. a .
r . s u loaned salaried people'on notes without
iniorle^Federal Loan Co.. 60ft Exam, bids.
a<2, OS furniture & pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no com. ; V- TREMAIX. : room- 81. 8 Eddy st.
nov'T borrow money on salary; until you see
Hatton Qredit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per , cent
\u25a0 Ino. S. F- Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
McG4RVIE 4 CO.. 720 Market st.. loans money.
83 ;to 80 txr cent of valuation ; of proparty.'
3IONE V : WASTED. -$ i
WAST *2500 from private warty; ~gie<l~~ n _t "
estate security. \u25a0 Box SS33. j Call offlce
—————— --=-———• * " ",t
. MUSKtrata. -
SrP~. LIEBIG Free MaseuaT^f
Aaatom/ mov«4 to 1023 Market ft*, vmj fftx* f MUSICAL IXSTRUSIENTS.
ART pianos now on exhibition; the greatest
display in Pan Francieco; the musical pro-
fession especially lnvitea; also a epecial lin-
of bargains tn standard makes, such as
Kn&bo. £tL_way. Chlckerir.r. Emerson, etc
from $150 up. Heine Ha»i and \Var.*rocmfc'
S_T Geary st. '
UPRIGHTS FKOM st^ Ut' \u25a0 "
Plyel. Emerson. Rcenisch. s?niith & Barnes.
Gabler. Curtaz. Sterling, nnd rr.ii.ny oihers on
«.£s>\u25a0 i«yaaents; open evenlags.
PENJ. CURTAZ & SON. i« QFarTeli st,
PARTY having taken two new standard up-
right pianos in exchange and having u_e fcr
or.ly cne will tell the other at less than cost;
no reasonable oScr refused. Box 2529, Call.
|«9_-K_W upright; owner Eapt; orders 1t scld
for *I_j cash; greatest bargain ever offered:
buperb Christmas girt. Stored at 513 Clay-
ton st.
A NEW piano for rent at $3 per mo.; others
ct *2 and $2 50; one y«-are rent allowed If
purchased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes et.
BAVB dealers' profit*; buy direct from factory.
DEITEMEIEH PIANOS. 839 Valencia et.. be-
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth.
£ING a song in cue fiat and get a piano free;
fiirt cheap: open evenings. WhiUhead's Stor-
age. ie3C Market st.
BARGAIN — Chickering upright grand: bril-
liant and powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216
McA"i_ter.
A FISHER upright piano $155. 237 Geary Ft.
STORAGE pianos at firewood prices: open
evenings. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market.
MAN and wife will exchange new standard
upright piano for board. Box 2S3L CalL
CHRISTMAS pianos almost given away; dirt
cheap; open evenings. Whltehead'a. 1636 Mkt.
*^?'JANOS extraordinary, stock East'n mfgr. sac-
rtflced: terms to suit. Statham. 110 McAJlster.
SUPERIOR vlollne. tlthers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT uprights, new 2d-han_. $40-SSOO.
PIERCES Piano Factory. Market and 14th.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. SOS-312 Post st.
N_:\V upright pianos sold on IS monthly pay-
rcents. 6CHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Bteinway up; Chickering baby gTand.
Phcninger little used. KeeSe's. 255 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
BTORE near Market, en Turk: strictly mod-
ern, 27 : 6x137 :a, splendidly lighted, with
basement 150 feet wide and 12 feet high, ce-
ment floor, sidewalk elevator. YON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO.. 613 California st.
WANTED — Fruit store, city; good location;
business must stand searching; vacant etore
preferred. Box 2824, Call office.
DESK, room; large, sunny Market-Bt. front;
vhene: low rent. GROVES, 1148 Market et.
BROADWAY. 1253 — Store with living rooms.
In a house of 31 apartments; rent $15.
TURK, 718. above Van Nees— Four rooms; rent
reasonable.
PERSO.VALS.
• — •— •— • "R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O-'-S" •— • — \u25a0 — *
. . "G-O-O-D W-I-L-L" O-F-F-E-R-I-NG - -
"ERYSIPELAS": — C. Engleke, many years
owner and editor cf CAL. JOURNAL, testi-
fies: "LAST WEEK my friend was suffer-
ing from ERYSIPELAS in its most danger-
ous etage. Face of fiery red, and "enor-
mously" swollen, closing one eye entirely, the
other nearly. 6o greatly did the bloat disfig-
ure and distort her features that her family
J could NOT RECOGNIZE her. By ONE
"*\u25a0\u25a0 treatment Rexradio removed nearly all the
swelling, the skin became of natural color,
the eyes opened freely and the face was
plainly RECOGNIZABLE.— A leading man
in our CITY GOVERNMENT for years had
one ear so DEAF that it was practically
USELESS. It was <;ulc_Jy helped; I wit-
nftst-d it hearing WHISPERED sentences at
25 feet. H* is my friend. The other WIT-
NESSES were W. Robinson. 1101 Golden
Gate aye.; T. Belfrage. 1015 Market; Presi-
dent Clements, 330 Ptne, etc. My second
friend had \u25a0 INFLAMMATORY RHEUMA-
TISM :9 years. Entirely unable to STAND
cr raise arms naturally, WRIST anchylosed
i grown eolid) end IMMOVABLE. The
KNEE CAPS anchylosed, grown firmly to the
bones of l*ss. or.c HAND without FEELING.
cos l4 dot RAISE less, muscles of legs and
arm* contracted badly, cculd only move the
HEAD a little. After ONE treatment she
RAIPED arms straight above head, the fixed
WRIST was freed and BENT and moved
V.aturaUy, a* also did the knee caps; FEEL-
ISG entirely .restored to the hand, CON-
" TRACTED muscles were all LOOSENED,
the HEAD turned round the natural dls-
tfir.ee. and, MOST wonderful of all, fcr the
FIRST lime s-he ROSE from the chair and ,
STOOD \u25a0\u25a0* alone - <all without help), and i
KAIJKD ««ach foot to a chair peat. The IM- j
MENSE SWELLING of the legs nearly all i
dlsaj peered. She grate-fully handed Rexradlo
SEVERAL HUNDRED DOLLARS. Get
names and addresses of above patlente of me ,
or Rexradlo. — The TOTAL DEAFNESS of
Mrs. Acton. 12C5 Clay. Oakland, was re-
moved In 3 seconds, and ehe heard (as mul-
titudes of deaf persons have done) WHIS-
PERED sentences at 25 feet; WITNESSED
by ne— City and County Attorney, Burke W.
Robinson. C. Engleke. etc. — Last Thursday 2
DEAF-MUTES beard and rpoke what was
epeken to them; SAME witnesses as above. —
The CRAVING for liquor was promptly
mastered In a 23 years' DIPSOMANIAC. —
Colonel TOUIN, for years EDITOR of The
S. F. CALL, "openly" declared he had seen
& DEAF MUTE (zt the offices) made to hear
and epeak. and subjects of PARALYSIS,
«tc, wonderfully helped. — W. Robinson, 1101
• Golden Gate aye., one ear TOTALLY DEAF,
clearly beard at nearly 50 feet. — Severe
- , chronic LAME eufferer from RHEUMATISM
\u25a0i instantly and free!y RAN- and LEAPED.—
A case cf NEURALGIA wholly cured in an
"instant." These are a FEW SAMPLES
only cf the many healed last week. They
were "helped" to the wonderful extent here
described. All these cases were SEEN by
the before-named witnesses, who -rill AN-
SWER your LETTERS. My own 20 years'
RHEUMATISM, cured by ONE treatment.
has "remained" perfectly cured to date, a
period of ONE HUNDRED AND THIRTY-
BEVEN days without the LEAST RELAPSE.
I will answer LETTERS, and when possible.
If desired, will CALL on the HELPLESS
and BEDRIDDEN to encourage them with
the wonderful account of my own GREAT
CURE, and the many cures of others I have
WITNESSED.— C. Engleke, 221 Stelner Et."
"P-EXRADIO." this XMAS season of "GOOD
WILL." will CUT HIS USUAL MODER-
ATE fees "IN HALVES" for all of narrow
rr.t-ans. The best XMAS PRESENT you can
give your DEAF or SICK relatives Is a
C-U-R-E by this wonderful DRUGLESS
treatment. SAMPLE of the healing power
FREE to "all" vieiton 5. Offices CROWDED,
come EARLY. The HELPLESS and BED-
RIDDEN can be VISITED. CUT THIS OUT
FOR SICK FRIENDS. Hours 2to 6. 509
Kearny «t. OPEN S-U-N>-P-A-Y-S.
VISITING CARDS.
' In lots of 100 50c
Kngraved cards from plate.... '....$lOO
Ail up-to-flat« engraving done at popular
eriC "*" THAT MAN PITTS.
1008 Market et.
SOUVENIR POST
CARDS.
A All that have been Issued to date in art,
C«ouvenir or comic varieties. Souvenir view
% "books of California, _5c up. All the glide.
. and maps. r • -
Violin strings— lncluding CCC Make.
THAT MAN- PITTS.
1003 Market st.. Ban Francisco.
LARGE line of beautiful Christmas cards at
* all popular prices. Don't fall to call and
see them.
'\u25a0'"'- 1008 Market «t., San Francisco.
DUNN Thomas J. (David Wllcox), formerly
of Bergen Point and Jersey City. N. J.. or
•any xtrson knowing of him or his where-
-boutis elnce 1898. kindly communicate to
his advantage with Q. A. Q., care of
Thomas J. Curran, 20 Nassau St., Ne~
York City. N. Y.
THE old-time Punch and Judy, direct from the
•Crystal Palace, Enr., can be engaged dur-
ing the holidays for private parties, lodces
an* parlors: terms reasonable. F. D. COYLE,
Hotel St. Kathryn. Ellis and Leavenworth.
A FREE HI. 47-page book on piles and fistula,
containing much valuable ' Information con-
* cernlng rectal diseases; sent free to any suf-
ferer Frank R. Weston. M. D.. author, suit*
601-2. Dcnchoe bldg.. Mkt. * Taylor. S. F.
MME. MARTIN — Just opened elegant new par-
lors' refined young ladles' special Ist from
* New York; tub baths; treatment $1; mani-
curinr and electric treatment; satisfaction
guaranteed. Suite 9. 2d floor. 131 A O'Farrell.
EAVE YOUK OLD CARPETS; we will convert
' them into beautiful handmade rugs of any
desired size. The Oakland Fluff Ru* Fac-
tory. 862 Market St.. Oakland, Cal.; phone
Oakland SSC&: mall order- our specialty.
>!AG carpeu wove to order and for sale; also
t rhenille-wove rues, silk portieres; dealer m
J_ carpet twine, in hank or chain, et lowest
Geo. Matthews. 708 Fifth St.. Oakland.
MORPHINE, opium, laudanum, cocaine habit
myself cured; will inform you of harmle«s,
permanent home cure. MARY BALDWIN,
box 1212. Chicago. \u25a0 •• ;
AT less than coet; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers &t CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market et.
PER SOXALS— Contlnned.
WANTED— Lost persons to. find; their ad-
dresses can be "traced"; no charges unless
found. Geo. B. Otis- Co., 1421 Irving st.,
Berkeley. Cal.
ilis.— s Sanders and Erickson, graduate mas-
s>eurs, bust, chert development a specialty; at
home cr office. ?U2 O'Farrell; tel. East 3624.
MME. GILLINGHAM, dermatologist; wrinkles
absolutely removed without pain; contour re-
stored. i)3O Market st.; tel. Montgomery 1311.
ADDREE? cf dentist who did work for T. D.
McGarvey in October. Secy International
I. O. G. T.. 427 Second Et.
ENGROSSING of resolutions for lodges, socie-
ties, etc., promptly executed. Room 63. 809
Market et.
SUITS to order en Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. the tailor. 729 Market at.
S BRAND new tailcr-mada men's cults, cost
$25. for $9 75. 440 Buah. nr. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK; suits to order $15 up. *LEMOS.
1127 Market Et .. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes.l play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market Bt. oppoelt*
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
IJUSIXESS PERSONALS.
REMOVAL NOTICE.
On account of the increase of our business,
and having purchased the entire stock and
plant of the Argonaut, we have removed to ;
larger quarters, located 122-126 Davis st. and
119 Sacramento St.. in the Newman block,
where we will be pleased to see all our
friends and receive their much-esteemed
trade and good will. Very truly youre,
MUTUAL EXTRACT CO.
PHOTO SUPPLIES.
FREE KODAK
DEVELOPING
If you buy your films of me or have me do
your photo printing.
I carry a full line of
NON-CURLING FILMS.
My prices for films in rolls of six exposures
are as follows: 2y*_y t , 15c; 2%x3%. 20c;
2%x4\i, 25c; 3%x3i_. 30c; 3>4_4}4. 35c; 4x5.
5x4 and 3%x5% 45c; 5x7. 80c.
For rolls of twelve exposures: 2>4x3 1 ,4, 40c;
2%x4>4. 50c: 3%x3%. ttOc; 3V4x4V4. 70c; 3%x
51. (10 exposures), 70c; 5x7, $1 UO.
THAT MAN PITTS,
1006 Market St.. San Francisco.
PHOTO PRINTING.
I give a discount of 10 per cent on orders of
more than 6 prints each from 6 negatives.
Here are come of my prices: 2%x3%. 4c each;
2V>x4U 3%x3% and 3';i_*U. sc; 4x5 and 3%x
5%. 6c; 5x7. 10c.
THAT MAN PITTS.
1008 Market St.. San Francisco.
CYKO PHOTO
PRINTING PAPER.
A developing paper and prints by artificial
light. Sample dozen of any size up to
\u25a0 and Including 4x5 150
A full assortment of Kodak Mounts and
Albums.
PHOTO PLATES.
3i;_4J;. 40c box; 4x5. 55c; 5x7, $1.
ALL THE LATEST
MAGAZINES AND PERIODICALS.
THAT MAN PITTS.
lOCS Market 6t.. San Francisco.
VERI TONE: — A new developing paper, with
1000 per cent latitude; gives a great variety
of tones. For samDles write
THE ARTURA PHOTO PAPER CO.,
819 Market gt., San Francisco.
PHYSICL%JVS A3TD SURGEONS.
REMOVED^DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 6<57 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor^ — AH Cls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-3 Clay st.
PARTNERS WASTED.
PARTY with $5000 as partner In water fran-
chise: town 3000 population; real estate se-
curity: excellent future. Box 2811. Call.
PARTNER wanted in good saloon. Box 1787,
Call office.
WANTED — Partner In river boat with good
position. Box 2563. Call. . .
PARTNER with $100: can start good house
and make money. Box 1791. Call office.
PJLOSTtTta AXD PA PT*~f ~ AST G~f O.
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up: 75,000 rolls wallpa-
per. 6c up. Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third.
' PATEXTS. _^
INVENTIONS patented: U. S. and foreign
'patent laws. F. P. MEDINA. 632 Market at.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ANGELICA, 04, off 19th — * furnished house-
keeping rooms; adults; $14; after 3 p. m.
BIRCH aye., 643 — Three large rooms for house-
keeping; unfurnished; $3. Apply 042 Grove.
BRYANT, 444 — 1 or 2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
ntehed for housekeeping.
BUCHANAN, 1311, between Geary and CFar-
rc -ll Rooms and bath; suitable for light
housekeeping.
BRYANT. 444 — 2 of 3 sunny rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping. \u25a0 \u25a0 •
BRYANT, 611— Newly furnished housekeeping
rooms. \u25a0
BUSH, 637, The Chesterfield — Fine apartments
in new, modern bouse; convenient location;
reasonable.
BRYAJsT. 511 — Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping. \u25a0
CALIFORNIA, 830. near Powell — 3 nicely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; kitchen and
laundry; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 1306. near Leavenworth— Fine
sunny unfurnished rooms for housekeeping;
grate; bath: running water; adults only.
CENTRAL aye.. 732, near McAllister— Sunny,
large new bay-window rooms; kitchen,
laundry, bath, light, heat, fuel, phone, etc.;
SIS; near Park.
CALIFORNIA. 1520 — 3 newly furn. hkpg.rms.,
kitchen, bath. $35; 3 rooms. $20; gas ranges.
CALIFORNIA. 1420. The Doric— Newly fur-
nlsh«d housekeeping rooms; also other roomg.
DEVISADERO. 1321. corner O'Farrell— Newly
furnished sunny connecting rooms; gas
range, bath: $16-
DOLORES 7C2. near 20th— Two suites front
rooms; gas range, bath, hot and cold water;
laundry. _____
DOLORES, 1442 — Furnished housekeeping
rooms to let; rent $12.
ELLIS 434 A— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas or coal stoves; sinks; run-
nlng water. \u25a0 ' -'
ELLIS 574—3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; gas range and running water;
\u25a0 parlor floor. \u25a0
CT)D y ll»— Pleasant newly furnished single
rooms; also housekeeping rooms from $8 per
month up.
EDDY Cl4— Fine furnished rooms for bouse-
keeping;- extra large kitchen.
FDDY 871—3 beautiful rooms for housekeep-
ing- "also 2 large bay-window rooms; sun all
day: suitable for two or three gentlemen;
phone East 1174. ; -
EDDY. 510— Nicely- furnished housekeeping
rooms; piano.- ; -
ELLIS 11CS— Nice, sunny, furnished rooms for
housekeeping; runng- water; reasonable rent-
ELLIS, Cll— Very neat housekeeping rooms;
convenient; nice family. \u25a0
EDDY 826 Lame housekeeping room, with
small kitchen: $15; other rooms.
ELLIS. 1021— Nicely furnished front rooms for
housekeeping; bath, ect.
E DDY. 514— Nicely \u25a0\u25a0; furnished housekeeping
rooms ; no chl ldren. \u25a0 . • -
ELLIS. 320— Nicely furnished suite of rooms
for housekeeping. T ' -. -. -'"\u25a0••'-
EDDY CIS — Nicely furnished , rooms for house-
keeping, with large, sunny kitchen.
EDDY. SSO— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
adults; reasonable, t . -. "••..:
eD DY, 118— Sunny housekeeping rooms; well
\u25a0 furnished. '
ELLIS 1436 — 3 nicely furnished sunny corner
bay-window rooms; gas stove; kitchen; rea-
. tonaljle. \u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0'\u25a0>\u25a0 \u25a0' - - \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0--
FOURTH 499 — Nloely furnished r bay-window •
Iroom housekeeping; gas and : bathr sun . all j
day; $10 to $12. - '--.. : ;
FRANKLIN 1450 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping in." eunny corner house; rent reason-^
able; »V>o slwcl* rooms. i
the san Francisco; call, sunday \u25a0 , December 17, 1905;
ROOMS FOR HOL'SEKEEPiyG--Con.
FOLSOM. 1236^-Sunny furnished housekeep-
. Ing rooms to let; cheao. - .'
FOURTEENTH. 465— Nice suite large sunny
rooms for housekeeping; modern flat; 'adults.
FULTON, 1757—2 nice, large ; housekeeping
rooms to 'let; bath and gas; reasonable. .„,
FELL. 150— Nicely furnished, sunny rooms for
housekeeping; gas for cooking; running wa-
ter, etc. ' ' • -""-.'
FOUR sunny housekeeping rooms to let. In-
qulre at 742 Tehama st. . '-:.-• -..;\u25a0..•;
FIFTH, 4SS— Sunny housekeeping rooms; $2 50
per w-eek: single, $1. . / ____
FELL. 9C9— Two or three beautiful front par-
lor rooms; large closet; bath;" unfurnished.
FIFTH, 107 — New furnished sunny housekeep-
lng rooms; very reasonable;- single rooms. ;
FELL, 14S — 2 or 3 rooms for housekeeping; also
\u25a0 single roome. furnished.
FIFTEENTH. 2174Mj— Nice, large room for
housekeeping; lower flat; reasonable.
FILBERT. 1219 — Hyde-st. cars; 3 sunny rooms;
fine view; some furniture; garden; $15; refg.
FULTON. 1200— Three ' sunny -unfurnished'
rooms; bath; laundry: reasonable;, references.
FOLSOM, 742 A —Sunny front housekeeping
rooms; yard; $14 month. .
FOURTH et., 223 — Nice housekeeping; also
glngle rooms. > ' - \u25a0'\u25a0 '" ''• ' '
FOURTEENTH, 706, junction of Castro st. ;
take Flllmore-st. cars— Nice sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms to let.
FULTON, 25. near City Hall — Fine furnished,
sunny housekeeping rooms to let In suites;
gas, etc. •
FELL, 156 — Nicely furnished double parlora
and housekeeping rooms; running water;
cooking gaa. etc - "'
FELL. 456— Nicely furnished sunny housekeep-
ing rooms to let; reasonable; no children.
GOLDEN GATE aye., ZTJ, — Furnished parlor
floor, family; piano optional; laundry; stove.
storage, yard. \u25a0 -
GEARY, 1225— Fine front suite of rooms; nice-
ly furnished; splendid location; nice family;
only $20 per month. • \u25a0 \u25a0:'*-\u25a0 i.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1206 — Nice sunny suite
parlors; use of piano; other rooms for house-
keeplng. - - - \u25a0 \u25a0
GEARY, 841 — Completely furnished bousekeep-
lng rooms; gas range; laundry. - >
GEARY 1225— Fine front parlor suite, nicely
furnished for housekeeping, only $20 month.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 632^ — 1 sunny, newly fur-
nished rooms, complete; suitable newly mar-
ried couple. ' - ' \u25a0 '
GOLDEN GATE aye., 530, corner Van Ness
aye. — Unfurnished rooms to let; either single
or in suites.. •
GROVE. 101—2 front furn. housekpg. rooms;
block of City Hall; corner; adults; $16.
GEARY. 441 — Large, sunny rooms for light
housekeeping; phone • Black 944.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 939, opposite Jefferson
Park — Nice sunny rooms, complete; gas
stove; closets; $8, 16 month.
GEARY 1459—2 or 8 large connecting unfur.
roome; gas, bath, running water; reasonable.
GUERRERO, 803 A —Double parlors, kitchen
partly furn.; coal and gas stoves. Call
afternoons. '
GUERRERO, 1197 — Sunny furnished house-
keeplng apartments; $12 to $15.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 724^ — Connecting rooms
for housekeeping; sunny; yard for children.
GEARY. Cs7— Sunny suite of rooms; complete
for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
HAIGHT 222— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms in private family; bath; yard; good lo-
cation. \u25a0 ' \u25a0
HOWARD. 2697 — Fine furnished front eunny
rooms for light housekeeping; gas; bath; rea-
sonable. s \u25a0-....
HOWARD, 1138 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping; coal etove; also others. '
HAIGHT 716 — Nicely furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; all conveniences; rea-
6onable rent. \u25a0 . '
HAVES. 654— We1l furnished housekeeping
rooms; rejmlar kitchen; also single rooma.
HAMPTON PI.. 1. off Folsom. near Third-
Three rooms: gas or coal stoves: -$l6. <
HARRISON. 1122A — Nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; private house; rent reas.
HOWARD, 623— Nice targe sunny furnished
room with light housekeeping, for couple or
2or *3 working glrla; S3 50 week. -,y - \u25a0
HAIGHT, 1010 — Swell newly furnished 3-room
eulte- bedroom, Ilvlng-room. kitchen; terms
$25 month; also 2 bay-window roomacom-
plete, $20. -.;-•:-\u25a0\u25a0'-..\u25a0--.\u25a0\u25a0-
HOWARD, 034 — Nice sunny rooms, $2 50 to $3
per week: gas, bath, yard.- \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-.- _•
HOWARD, 1136— Elegantly furnished house-
keeplng rooms; gas range, bath, etc.
HUNT. 19 — Good housekeeping rooms to let;
water, gas, etc -
HAIGHT, 696 — $7 month; furnished, large
front; complete. Phone Page 3135.
HYDE, 623 — Nice sunny housekeeping rooms to
let. - <\u25a0 . :- -' '
HYDE, 818 — Fine furnished housekeeping
roomw; phone; bath, etc.; $10 and $12.
HAIGHT, 222— Fine large rooms; running
water, bath, yard; $5 to $10 per month.
HYDE. 21S^-Furnished rooms for light house-
• keeping; gas range; no children.
HAIGHT, 234, cor. Buchanan— Sunny unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry;
grand view. ": : -"- -
HAIGHT 026 — Nicely furnished sunny con-
necting' housekeeping rooms; new flat; also
single rooms to let.
HOWARD, 617 — Sunny housekeeping and sin-
gle rooma; gas, yard; all conveniences; rea-
sonable. - : . \u25a0' '\u25a0
HAIGHT, 954 — Front sunny alcove and kitch-
en; reasonable. \u25a0 \u25a0'
HOFF aye 2. off 16th — 3 nicely furn. house-
keeping rooms, connected, with gas and bath.
HOWARD. 640— Snap: sunny front bay-win-"
dow room; gas, sink, grate; furnished; no
children. . . . ''- . ' -
HYDE. 1028, cor. California — Two very large
sunny rooms; nicely furnished for housekeeji-
lng; $10 and $20.
JESSIE, 323 — Large front room; gas range,
sink; $3; Bunny room. $2.75 week.
JONES 609 — Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping suites. $18; also good single rooms
from $8 up. \u25a0....\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
JACKSON, 1609, near Polk — Newly furnished,
sunny front housekeeping rooms'; gas range.
$14 to $20. \u25a0 : • ' i.
JACKSON 1609, near Polk— Newly furnished
sunny front housekeeping, rooms; gas range;
complete: $14. ,
LARKIN. 433 — Completely furnished sunny
rooms . for housekeeping. . '\u25a0-'.\u25a0 '
LAGUNA. 632 — Two nice sunny rooms with use
of kitchen and bath; private house; refer-
ences required; call in afternoon.
LARKIN, 433— Neatly furnished rooms to let
for housekeeping; convenient. . ' •
LARKIN. 411%— Sunny room completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; bath; Including
cooking gas. $3 week. ' -
LEAVHNWORTH. 212 — Furnished housekeep-
Ing rdoms. \u25a0 ' . '*•:
LARKIN, 817%— Sunny corner, rooms, . fur-
nlshed; gas stove, etc ; Investigate. ,
LARKIN, 2402, corner Filbert— 2 " or 8 fine,
sunny front rooms, cheap; good location;
fine view., . \u25a0 -. . - - ;
LAGUNA. 1020, opposite Jefferson square^ —
Sunny furnished rooms; complete; gaa range.
LEAVENWORTH. 431— Neat furnished rooms
fcr housekeeping; all conveniences.
LARKIN 625% — Nicely furnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping; also front single rooms to
let; reasonable. .-'-•\u25a0. . . - : "., . , -.
LARKIN, 817%— Sunny corner room; gas
stove; rent reasonable. ' ' • : '.-.'.-•.\u25a0-
LAGUNA, 1305 — Three fine unfurnished rooms;
also large basement: rent reasonable." \u25a0. -
McALLISTER, 483, cor. - Van Nees — 2 connect-
lng rooms, $12; single room, $8. ; .
MINNA 231, cor. 4th — Sunny, front housekeep-
ing and single rooms: reasonable.
MISSION 5C9 near Second— Large, : front room
and kitchen 'for housekeeping^ coal stove and
running water; also large housekeeping room.
MISSION, 1735— Fine furnished \u25a0' large ;' front
uunny rooms for housekeeping; grate andgas
\u25a0stove; $10.' \u25a0'\u25a0••-\u0084-\u25a0 '•\u25a0\u25a0-.: \u25a0'.-'\u25a0 \u25a0;.r. /\u25a0 - - V-.IV '.'.-. '.\u25a0
MISSION, 1020, bet. Sixth- and Seventh— 2 rms.
$10; housekeeping ; ; gas " stove ; -S furnished. , : ,
MCALLISTER, 483, cor. Van Ness— 2 or. 3 de-
slrable connecting housekeeping, rooms.'
MISSION, 1221— Nicely furnished i housekeeping
front suite; gas range; water; no children. \u0084
McALLISTER, 1 677— Nice, new,'; single j house-
keeplng rooms; : rent reasonable. ' - ,' -\u25a0
MA50N., 507 (lower floor)— Three \u25a0 sunny rooms,
furnlßhed for housekeeping; yard.'--, y^'. : --
McALLISTER. 1228 (The- Whltefleld)— Choice
unfurnished apartments; .lights. I ? baths free. .
MISSION, • 823— Sunny : housekeeping 'suite; gas
.:.\u25a0' for.: cooking. --'---.\u25a0\u25a0'•. -. r -" *.K^.<.S- -'\u25a0.'*' ?.:\u25a0. >.•\u25a0\u25a0'-•\u25a0.;\u25a0-; J
MINNA; 172— "Single rooms; light hskpg. ;l or
2 persons; $1 25, $1 60, $2 week."l . . ; : . * ,
. ROOMS TfoR' HOTTSEKEEPIJf Cr-^Con.'
MARKET. 2098—2 \u25a0 large sunny well-furnished
rooms for housekeeping; phone. 'bath. '
MASON, 1 503— Nicely furnished rooms for
\u25a0*: housekeeping; rates moderate. ";,'. . *
MINNA," 281, cor. . 4th — Furnished, sunny
• hspkg. ; also front double and single; reas.
MIESION, 825— Furnished rooms for house-
j keeping, with all conveniences; reasonable.
MARKET. 1658. cor. Polk— Sunny .-. froot. con-
nectlng. rooms, $12 50; also unfurnished;
yard; Quiet house. \u25a0 • . -..".'.' ! ,.-
MISSION, 1312^4— Nicely furnished 3-room
flat; neat, eunny; no stairs; will sell..
MISSION, 18O3A. cofner Fourteenth — Nice,
: sunny. \u25a0 front, bay-window rooms; . rent reaa.
MISSION, 1221, near Postoffloe — Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for, housekeeping; no
children. \u25a0-;:\u25a0.-.. \u25a0\u25a0' '\u25a0 ? \u25a0
MOSS. 13 — Comdetely furnished rooms to let
for housekeeping. -. ' •' :
MISSION, 1917 — Large nunny suite, furnished
for housekeeping ; gas range ; running water ;
; 2 rooms; porch.
MCALLISTER. 1827 — Completely furnished
housekeeping rooms. \u25a0' . \u25a0'. -
MINNA, 660-^-Nlcely furnished housekeeping
:\u25a0•. rooma: reasonable.' •'
MISSION, 850— Nicely furnished rooms for
, housekeeping; other rooms.' \u25a0
MISSION, 930 — Nice' , , rooms,,, completely fur-
nished for light housekeeping.
MCALLISTER 817— Sunny housekeeping: I rms.;
$11 to $16; funning water; single rooms. $3.
MISSION 661. nr. 2d— Suite of rooms, oom-
pletely furnished for. housekeeping; also a
large front room. ' -•\u25a0-,\u25a0 >\u25a0 '
MISSION, 823 — Sunny housekeeping 1 suit*; gas;
running water. . - •>\u25a0\u25a0'.
MISSION. 1214— Housekeeping rooms' to 'let;
all conveniences. . - . '
MISSION; 1220 — Nice housekeeping rooms,
with gas and runnlnr water.'
MISSION, &2614— Nicely, furnished sunny, bay
window, front and other rooms.
MISSION 828^4— Clean, sunny hskpg. rooms;
regular kitchen; bath: gas and coal ranges.
MISSION, 1020— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; convenient; also other. rooms.
MARKET 1027%— N10e. sunny suite of rooms
for housekeeping or office, and other rooms,
with gas. .
NINTH, 463— Housekeeping rooms; sunny; gas,
water: good order. " .' -.» '\u25a0 ; ". \u25a0 j
NINTH, 110—2 front suites for housekeeping.
: with grate; $15 mo.; 1 large room. $10 mo.
NINTH 113— 2 sunny housekeeping ' rooms;
running water, bath; reasonable.
NATOMA, 317— Sunny housekeeping- rooms;
gas stove, bath, yard. -
NINTH, 110 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms to let; also single rooms. \u25a0-..-
OAK. 33 — i unfurnished housekeeping rooms,.
$13 B0; sun all day; adults.,
OAK, 117, or 14 Page— Complete for house-
keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.
OCTAVIA. 165— Tiled sink; 2 or 3 connecting
rooms; wash trays; yard. „_,- . \u25a0 .-> '
OAK. li 7 or 14 Page— Complete for house-
\u25a0 keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.
OCTAVIA 65 corner Halght— Nicely furnished
front housekeeping rooms; every convenience;
reasonable. :
O'FARRELL, 730— Rooms and kitchen, $20 and
$28: hot water: electrlo llghta. :i
O'FARRELL 185S— Two beautifully furnished
rooms; grand suite; new; cheap; with
kitchen. •
O'FARRELL! 410— Newly furnished „ sunny
rooms for housekeeping: running water, bath,
gas," grate; other rooma. -\u25a0--\u25a0\u25a0
O'FARRELL, 1626—2 very desirable front, ,
\u25a0 sunny rooms, with kitchen, gas range, bath.
O'FARRELL, 923 — Neatly furnished housekeep-
ing' rooms; phone, bath, gas, eto. . ;,.. •
O'FARRELL. 1404 — Completely furnished
- housekeeping rooms. '
OAK, 407— Housekeeping rooms to let; $4 per
month; sunny furnished single.
POLK 601— One front room for light house-
keep'lng; or suitable for two gentlemen.
PINE 1830— Comfortably furn. large sunny
rms.; modern new flat; housekpg. or en suite.
PINE, 1310— Fine furnished rooms for house-
keeplng; neat and sunny; very reasonable."
PAGE 1902—3 or 4 sunny and" elegantly fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; with all
conveniences; near Panhandle; rent cheap.
POST,' IOI6 — Newly furnished rooms for light
housekeeping, and other rooms; cheap.
PAGE. 147 — Nicely . furnished', or unfurnished "
rooms; bath, gas, phone; \u25a0 reasonable. : .
PAGE, 1632. near Golden Gate Park— 2 or 3
unfurn. Bunny front rooms ; , very : desirable.
PAGE, 146— Nicely furnished suites; house-
keeping rooms; gas range; $16 month; adults
only; call. - ,
POST, 702 — Nice furnished rooms on lower
floor; private entrance; gas range; large
room also; reasonable. .-\u25a0.-,\u25a0-•,
POST, 975 — Fine furnished apartments for
housekeeping; also single; reasonable.
POST. 1707— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; other furnished rooms to let. \u25a0
POWELL. 130 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, $4 and $5 per week. "
PINE 1733. block from Van Ness — 8 connect-
ing furnished -housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
POLK. 1143— Elegant furnished sunny front
rooms; use bath and piano; reasonable. - .
POLK, 1002 (Ivanhoe)— Sunny furnished house-
\u25a0 keeping rooms: $16 to $35. : ;.
POLK, 1143 \u25a0 — Nicely furnished sunny. front
rooms; reasonable; bath, piano, phone. .'
POLK, 1530— Pleasant, newly furnished apart-
ments; tel. Hyde 2181.
POLK, 921, corner Geary — Neatly, furnished
housekeeping rooms on first floor; also single
rooms for gentlemen. .-\u25a0.-.-:..-•
POLK, 1243 — Nloely furnished connecting
housekeeping rooms; gas range; running
water, etc., $3 25 per. week.
POST, 924— Nicely : furnished housekeeping
rooms;sunny; also single rooms toilet.
PINE. . 1323— Nicely, furnished, sunny, modern
housekeeping rooms, with or without use of
kitchen; private. family; reasonable. '
PINEJ, 1230— Furnished or unfurnished , single
rooms and, suites, with or without bath.
POINT LOBOS aye.; 2120, : near Tenth aye.—
Sunny furnished housekeeping rooms, $10 and 1
$12: no children.
POLK, \u25a0' C22— Nicely \u25a0 furnished sunny front
suites for housekeeping, $14 to $18.
SACRAMENTO, 3303— Furn. rms. ; also sunny
hskpg. \u25a0 rms.;' references. Phone .West 2153.
STOCKTON, NW. cor. Filbert— 2 nloely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms. . ; ~_
SAN - JOSE aye., 850—2, 8 . or . 4 G furnished
rooms; regular kitchen;, coal and gas stoves;
. bath and laundry ; '; garden ; rent . reasonable
to desirable parties.! \u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0-\u25a0 ' . . -.
SIXTEENTH. 3070— Large sunny rooms ; com-
plete; hot and ' cold water; gas and bath. W
SUTTER, $ 822— Two or \u25a0 three ; i' housekeeping
rooms to rent; also single rooms, furnished
or unfurnished; reasonable; phone East 8480.
SECOND- 434— Sunny front suite; .nicely fur-
nlshefl ; rent $10. V Apply ; 178 South Park. , ;
SUTTER. 1933 — Nicely furnished housekeep-
- Ing rooms to let;. reasonable. ,.'... , - : :.; •
STOCKTON, "451— Nice «\u25a0 rooms; housekeeping;
one front.-others $1 50 week.' - '.
STOCKTON, 451— Nicely furnished , housekeep-
ing rooms;, cheap. '" * .-'--• ' :\u25a0.'.> :.-.- :..:.
SUTTER.; 996r-Nlcely furnished sunny rooms
-; for housekeeping. \u25a0 - --\u25a0\u25a0... -'\u25a0•'; M.irii'-'- -->
SACRAMENTO, : 1490. cor. - Hyde— Large sunny
well furnished housekeeping rooms;. reas. jj
SILVER.35 — Nicely furnished rooms for housc-
keeplng; private family.' - / .;/..-::
SIXTH, 436V4— Nicely furnished housekeeping
.rooms,; en suite or single; quiet family; rent
moderate. > .'-\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•. '•:'-."-•- ' -'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- •.-\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'. ,-\u25a0-.'.,. ..'.-.•\u25a0'<->:'
STEINER. 1750," cor. Sutter— Newly furnished
: .housekeeping rooms; modern. \u25a0\u25a0-;.; \u25a0•< .-\u25a0 • -.
TWENTY-FOURTH,: 3305, near '\u25a0 Mission— Two
;\u25a0-: small ; rooms. ' : : $10. v. with \u25a0 gas ; .2 front rooms,
i running ; water, :\u25a0 cheap.- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0? r; .. :,-\u25a0\u25a0. : ; : .-., ,\u25a0..-. \u0084
TURK, 11C9— Nicely, furnished suites complete
-" for; housekeeping; reasonable ,; rates; newly
,'' furnished -flat. - .1' ..^- -;,.-, . .~\ "•:* -
TAYLOR.- 911 — 5 .. unfurnished f rooms, : bath,"
, rear, r s22 60; I' furnished rm.; gas range." $5,
TWELFTH, 122," bet. -Mission' and ; Howard—
• Housekeeping : rooms; -t furnished complete;'
\u25a0/-adolts.::--"--'-.---/.-'.*.--'.----- i -.••-•\u25a0•'.-.-' .--"-\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0-.JJ.:
TREAT aye,. i 1124, • near 3 . un.
\ ! furnished front rooms; $12; call after 8, p. m.' :
TURK, > 544- i;: -Sunny J 1 nicely ?> furnished ; parlor
\"i floor; ;, running water, i gas ' range, piano; t rea- '.
.'rsonable.:-.' '\u25a0- -'<":\u25a0 - "-•.;'\u25a0- \u25a0'-'\u25a0 \u25a0.-:\u25a0,-\u25a0 .-\u25a0'-' \u25a0'.';
TWENTY-FIFTH. 3921— Tw0 rooms furnished;
\u25a0;'3 rooms unfurnished; sunny, 'bath, 11 ' yard; $10.
< Phone : Page 227. - \u25a0- \u25a0; \u25a0\u25a0,-;,- \ '-'-.. .-; .,-,; .- .-;;- y.. ...
THIRTEENTH. - IS9, | corner Howard— Suite of
,-- rooms,' furnished i complete for; housekeeping;
.:\u25a0; sl6; -adults.--. " -\u25a0\u25a0.'' - : -'^ •'\u25a0<\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -."- -';.;- :*--'« \u25a0\u25a0'.
TWENTY-SIXTH,. 8377,1 near^ Mission— 2 . fur-
- nished ** housekeeping , rooms, '\ Xre« cooking/
-igas, $11; one %i.)
ROOMS FOR HOTTBKKi-i-PnyG— - Cob.
_"WENTY-FrFTH..B772— 2 furnished or iinfur-
nlshed light housekeeping rooms; grand view.
TURK. 10— Nice i suite of rooms; suitable for
\u25a0 housekeeping. - - -
TURK, 207— Nicely furn. rooms, front or back;
eunny; 'light housekeeping; $15. : .
TWENTY-FIFTH, ' 3344, v cor. Capp-^ fur-
nlshed : housekeeping ; rooms; $12.
THIRD. 167— Completely furnished : housek-ep-
lng rooms on first floor, front; gas range, eto.
THIRD. 308-314— Nicely furnished housekeeping
' rooms ; . reasonable. . . .- ' - \u25a0 ; . \u25a0 ;
TURK. 631 -(Ariel flats)— Nicely, furnished^ 2
and 3 rooms : housekeeping apartments, fur-
nlshed or unfurnished; reasonable.- .
TURK, 1159— Fine rooms in modern, new flat.
.for housekeeping; reasonable. \u25a0
TENTH. 149—1 furnished housekeeping room;
sue piano; laundry; priv. family; no children.
TWENTIETH., 3609— Elegant furnished suites:
regular kitchen; gas, bath; situated in warm
\u25a0'belt.--:. --... -\u25a0-'\u25a0'\u25a0. "—.".. \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -- -- \u25a0\u25a0 '-- •-- -"'•'.
TAYLOR, 602— Pleasant, furnished ' housekeep-
lng rooms;, reasonable. ;\u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0-•-
TAYLOR, 809— Nice sunny, front housekeeping
rooms; water and phone ; cheap. . ~. '
UTAH, 638. near Eighteenth — Nice housekeep-
lng rooms In sunny cottage. . «
VAN NESS aye., 43— Nicely furnished house-
keeplng rooms. * ,\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0-.'. '\u25a0.-..-.
VAN NESS aye.. 619— Nice furnished rooms;
housekeeping or single; $7 up. \u25a0 -' '
VALENCIA. 822— Comfortably furnished house-
keeplng rooms to let, - . . . • ,
VALENCIA; 1245— Sunny front suite, furnished
for housekeeping: bath,' etc ; reasonable.
WASHINGTON. 1322— Tw0 or three nicely fur-
nlshed. sunny housekeeping rooms; regular
kitchen, bath; marine view; $20 and. s23. ,
WASHINGTON, 1719, near Van Ness aye. (El
' Carmelo) — Nice sunny 3, 8 and 6 room apart-
ments; ' also single. . . . --\u25a0 .
WASHINGTON, 1322-^-2 or 8 nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms: sunny, bath, gas; ma-
rine view; reasonable^
WILLOW aye., 14-^Furnlshed kitchen and
room i .bath.' gas. • with \u25a0 all conveniences."
.. - ' APARTMENT HOUSE S.^^.
NEW 4-story corner apartment-house; sunny
side; open for Inspection and reservation; all
suites have modern kitchens; electric lights.
»to. Apply 231 9th St., opp.; tel. Howard 2670.
THOROUGHLY modern, sunny 3-room apart-
ments and bath; centrally located. 91T
. Minna st., off Tenth. - .
FURNISHED apartment, 6 large sunny rooms,
with use of- laundry and storeroom; rent
$32 50. 706 Ashbury at. ;
A— KENILWORTH, cor. Bush. Powell— 3-room
sunny aparts.; single rooms; modern; reas.
ROSSWELL Apartments, 18eO Pine, near Hyde
— 2. 3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam heat.
RANDALL Apartments, 120 Pierce st— * un-
furnlshed rooms: exceptional; only 2 left,
McALLISTER, 1223 (The Whitefleld)— Choice
unfurnished apartments; lights: baths free.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfur.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN.
Corner Ellis and Leavenworth sts.,
In the heart of the city.
. 800 rooms ; • 100 baths.
I Modern In every detail.
Rates $3 to $15 per week.
Roome. with private bath, $1 day.
; . Tourist travel solicited.
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
820 Mason st, bet. Geary anc O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition' just completed; entire house
newly renovated: sun in rooms all day.
ARKANSAS. 215 — Furnished rooms to let at
reasonable rates. \u25a0' '
ARMY. 3927— G00d furnished rooms to let;
conveniences. \u25a0 . \u25a0
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth it.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping roome: open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl Drugstore; 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights, running water In \u25a0 every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night. $1 25 to $4 wetk.
BURTON Hotel. 1126 Howard st. — 100 rooms;
new house; modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
BU6H. 602^ — Suites, double rooms; reasonable.
BU6H. 776— Nicely furnlßhed .large double al-
cove parlor; grate,' running water phone,'
etc.; also other choice rooms from $10 up.
BUSH, . 931 — Nicely - furnished rooms; sunny;
convenient; running . water; bath; private
'house; location ; select. ,;: r_ '
BELMOND House, over Owl Drugstore ; 2 en-
trances, - 1126 I Market and 21 Turk — Electrio
lights, running : water In every room; 200
" rooms; 25c to 500 per night, $1 25 to $4 week.
BURTON Hotel, 1128 Howard st. — 100 rooms;
new house;, modern; $1 25 to $3 per week. -
BUSH, 324 (Elmer)— Nicely 'furnished sunny
rooms; convenient; by day, week or month;
' rates reasonable; \u25a0; - •
BUSH, 643 — Very : desirable . furnished rooms;
single or en suite; private bath. -
BUSH. 855 — Neatly furnished, convenient
rooms from $4 to $10 per month; bath, yard;
centrally ' located. . . ....
BERNARD, 7— Fine, convenient furnished
rooms to let. . .
BRANNAN, 382— Nice comfortable furnished
, rooma to let.-^. : - \u25a0 •
BROADWAY, 700— Choice furnished rooms to
let; reasonable. \u0084 . , \u25a0 ' '
BROADWAY, 729— Furnished rooms to let;
reasonable rates. .
BUSH, 760, near Powell— Nice sunny rooms to
' rent.;- .-'.\u25a0 - •- --.-: ' •-'- • ' \u25a0 "' ''- \u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0
BROADWAY, 1416 — Nicely furnished rooms to
let; gas, water, eto. *
BRYANT, 444 — Convenient rooms to let; neat-
; ly. furnished. \u25a0 : . '
BRYANT, 1224- : -Good. furnished rooms to let;
very reasonable.
BUCHANAN, 1005— Nice cheerful furnished
rooma to Iftt. ' • l " \u25a0*•
BUCHANAN. 1510— Nice sunny furnished
- rooms to let. -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0»*•\u25a0 - - * -
BUSH, 833— Nicely furnished , rooms for, gen-
tlemen only.
BUSH, 835 — Nicely furnished rooms for g«n-
tlemen only. - ' \u25a0 ..
BUSH, 2745 — Nice furnished; rooms to let;
good neighborhood. \u25a0 ; . . \u25a0
CALIFORNIA, 1519— Nicely furnished . sunny
rooms, $5 and $6 per month; running water,
V gas, phone, etc. j \u25a0 \u25a0-'' ' -• -•
CALIFORNIA, V 3012— Completely furnished
nice sunny ; rooms, single or en suite; terms
reasonable. .\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 ; \u25a0' ' " -\u25a0
CALIFORNIA, 1519. near : Polk— Nice sunny
rooms;; gas. bath, closets, phone, etc.; $3
and $6' per. month. ' *\u25a0'-\u25a0'. ,
CALIFORNIA, 1331, -near ; Hyde— Sunny fur-
B nished room; suitable for young 'lady.
CALIFORNIA, 726— Fine furnished rooms to
\u25a0 let; convenient distance. " ;
CLINTON: PARK, ; 142^-Rooms to let. -'-
CALIFORNIA, *• 1424— Sunny front furnished
rooms to let; all new. ; ; , -
CALIFORNIA aye., 122— Good furnished rooms
-to let. ...-- \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0-' J^^r \u25a0--'-\u25a0•\u25a0: .;• :i-. \u25a0':\u25a0 -.- - •:.-,
CENTRAL aye.; ii 617, ,* Alameda — Nicely \u25a0•\u25a0 tut-_
nlahed rooms to let. .'-;;. .. \u25a0 ,
CENTRAL .aye., 572,* \u25a0 Alameda — Furnished
~-: rOOmS tO'let. :.\u25a0;'\u25a0 % l --"'- : ~'' > v - *. :- '.. r^ii;
CENTRAL •\u25a0'\u25a0 aye.; 642, Alameda — Nicely tar-_
.\u25a0_ ; nished rooms. ; -;• -\u0084
CHURCH, 801— Nice furnished . rooms , to let.
CLARA. '-\u25a0 146— Neatly furnished ; rooms to let;
\u0084c entral location.. :> . :u \u25a0 • v --'.--;;.'V.-'
CLAY, i 1626, near Polk— -Nicely^ furnished sun-
- . ny. rooms . to \u25a0 let. . '. I " ' \u25a0 \u25a0 ' . ' . ; \u0084
CLEMENTINA. 268% — Neat furnished and
- convenient . rooms to let.\ -.. •-: .;. ';\u25a0\u25a0'-•'.
CALIFORNIA." \u25a0-'\u25a0 1276,' - inear : . .= Leavenworth—
.: Nicely furnished single. room;;s6.
DEVISADERO, ; 618-^Roomers wanted for nice
\u25a0 :\u25a0 furn-hed'roomi.-'--.!' ' :: -. v ""' '\u25a0*\u25a0 r~
DEVISADERO. ; - 676— Nicely »: furnished ; rooms
In first-class neighborhood. \u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0;- .-
DOLORES. 235-^-Pleasantly ", located . rooms to
{ leU'j furnished..,- - • ; -..'•_ •'-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 '•
ELLIS '1227— Rooms. V newly i furnished, single
i.fr. and en suite : private : house ; good location. »
ISDDY 1 118— Nicely furnished single | rooms to
:> let; also rooms for housekeeping from $3 per
;:; month '•. up. J / '. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•: -* r -- \u25a0'\u25a0'-.'' \u25a0 •>-\u25a0 -•-- \u25a0
ELLIS. 18-^-ROOMS/ ROOMS, ROOMS, BY
DAY.iWEEK OR, MONTH. -:\u25a0\u25a0:•,\u25a0\u25a0 '.':£:
EDDY ' 110, opposite Tivoli— Elegant furnished
'..-; rooms.iby day. s week for i month; SScJto, $1;
:;day; $1 CO to $5 per week. » :\u25a0*.->:\u25a0;. \u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0-.
ELLIS, * 613 — Nicely.^ furnlohed d rooms ; grate,
\u25a0. gas, "running .water, bath;ivery reasonable..
ELEVENTH. - 429— Nicely,-j furnished , rooms . to
, ; : let ;'; reasonable -price. ,-. ' '-.'. :-\u25a0- '\u25a0"-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0".-:.- \u25a0..:-..' ': \u25a0
EIGHTH,* 64 (Sherman 'House)-—Furnlshed and
";-• unfurnished eunny .; rooms ; respecUble ; Tery
: V wagonablfl.. \u25a0"\u25a0./•/-; ': \u25a0.
; ~~~ -\u25a0\u25a0 .. \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0••....- •
I ROOMS- TO- LET~F-~ j.- and -^Vntjum.
i ELEVENTH aye. South — Nicely . furnished
rooms to. let. ' \ ' - '
ELLIS, 1176— Partly furnished sunny rooms "to
,\u25a0- let: reaaonabla. \u25a0 - -. '\u25a0' \u25a0' ' \u25a0 *• • '\u25a0
i ELLIS. 1225— Nicely furnished modern rooms
to let: \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 •-—\u25a0•-
I ELLIS, \u25a0 1231— Nicely furnished rooms to let at
• reasonable ratea; convenient. • -
ELLIS. - 1457— Completely furnished .pleasant
rooms to let. ~ .. -n \u25a0- '
ELLIS. 1229— Newly furnished' suite* or singls
rooms; bath, gaa, phone; reasonable. j''.'
ELLIS. 323— Fine single rooms from $2 50 week
up;, elegantly furnished suites with baths;
reasonable.- -: : .: . • -.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0
EDDY, 614— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, $3
and $12 per month.. .... . ' .
EDDY. 51S— Nicely furnished rooms to rent
at moderate : prices. \u25a0, . , . .
EIGHTH, ' 104— Sunny convenient furnished
rooms .to. let. ; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•- v •
EIGHTEENTH. 4050— Completely furnished
\u25a0 rooms- to' let. '-.*- • \u25a0 - • \u25a0 . . • \u25a0 -•.:.\u25a0-,
ELLIS. 1227 — Nicely furnished rooms, ea suit*
and single.". '• ' - .-. -.\u25a0- - ' -" - \u25a0•-.-\u25a0
EDDY. 614 — Very large nicely furnished room;
suitable. for two genelemen.
ELLJS. 408 (Ascot) — Fine downtown house; all
rooms light and alry:,modern and up-to-date
conveniences; $12. per month and up.
ELLIS, 162S— Four' upper and 3 lower unfur-
nished rooms; gas, bath and running water;
modern; all sunny; rent cheap. - .
ELLIS, 678— Neatly furnished aicovo rooms,
$15 to $19 per month; housekeeping privileges
if desired. \u25a0
EDDY. 1257 — Nice furnished. rooms to let la
good neighborhood.
EAST. 210, between Howard and Foisosa —
Furnished rooms to let.; . \u25a0 -
EDDY 882— Rooms to Ist, singl* or ea suite;
housekeeping rooms also. .
— f.T.TH. 1463— Front room, $9 per month for
a gentleman. "
FOLSOM 1690— Nlo» j sunny, furnished room*
for gentleman; gas,* bath. -
FOLSOM, 2866— Bunay front room to rent; Mls-
slon warm belt; $2 60 per week. --\u25a0-\u25a0
FOURTH, ISO — Furnished, convenient . rooms
to lefat moderate rates.-' ' \u25a0 ' —
FRANKLIN, 20%— Nicely » .furnished sunny
rooms to let. ' ' ~ - \u25a0 ' -,-.\u25a0••
FIFTH aye..* South, 1157— Neatly furnished
rooms to let. . \u25a0 •
FIFTEENTH, 1672— Nicely furnished rooms to
let. \u25a0•'\u25a0•' .- \u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0
FOLSOM. 613— Choice furnished sunny rooms
to let. -"-
FOLSOM. 618 — Nice furnished rooms to let;
moderate. •\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 .--—\u25a0-\u25a0 -..-. \u25a0-. . -
FOLSOM, 620— Furnished or unfurnished suites
or single rooms; newly renovated; large
grounds; aunny; reasonable. .
FOURTEENTH, 467 — Nicely furnished rooms
tn new, modern flat; rent reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 1455 — Nicely furnished rooms to
let from $6 to $15 per month.
FOLSOM, 937— Nicely furnished rooms to let;
rates reasonable. -- -• \u25a0 \u25a0. ' .- -
FOLSOM. 1145— Convenient, pleasant rooms. to
let. .--- -'-.-... -.\u25a0*.
FOURTH. 162— Nicely furnished rooms to let
from $l' per week up. \u25a0\u25a0 -. - \u25a0
FOURTH. 165— Nicely furnished rooms to let;
good location. -' '
FRANCISCO. 424— Nicely furnished rooms to
let. . ___
FIFTH. 354— Furnished. rooms to let; conveni-
ent and reasonable. : . ,-\u25a0-
FAIR OAKS. 115 — Newly furnished rooms; pri-
vate". . - ___•
FRANKLIN. 607 — Nicely furnished and con-
veniently .located rooms .to let. ,'. _
FRANKLIN. 2609 — Furnished rooms to let;
all conveniences.
FREELON, 120 A —Rooms to let. furnished; all
conveniences. '\u0084-..-:\u25a0 >. •
FULTON. 620B— Nicely furnished rooms to let;
reasonable. . . .
FULTON, ! 1612 — Pleasant furnished rooms \u25a0to
let: reasonable rates., - . : . '
FULTON. 78, near Larkln — Elegant furnished
rooms or suite; new apartments: all con-
veniences; no sign. \u25a0*- \u25a0\u25a0" •
GEARY, 680— Nicely furnished front rooms;
sun all day; all Improvements.
GEARY. 651 — Elegant furnished rooms la new,
• modern flat; private family. - -
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1402— Nicely furnished
rooms In private house; reasonable rates;
convenient to four car lines. .-
GOLDEN ; GATE aye., 719 — Nicely furnished
rooma; cheap rent. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0 . ;
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1003 — Neat furnished
rooma to let. \u25a0 . * y , ' - • .
GEARY, 640 (Matson Tence) — Elegant front
suite of three rooms, specially furnished for
gentlemen or for 2 or 3 students; best of
French table board 'if desired at \ very rea- ,
sonable rates; fine neighborhood; walking:
distance. -•\u25a0\u25a0-_\u25a0-
GEARY. 402 — Choice furnished rooms; modern
conveniences; nicely located.
GOUGH, 727 — Rooms to let: all conveniences;
moderate charges. \u25a0
GOUGH. 1010— Nicely furnished rooms to let;
reasonable. -•...--..\u25a0 , . '\u25a0 \u25a0 ..
GREEN, 404— Furnished rooms to let; location
good. -'...- - .- ' ' ' \u25a0 - ". . '
GOLDEN GATE aye., 651 — Furnished suite.
with use of piano if desired. \u25a0 -
GRAND PACIFIC Hotel, 1014 Kearny st—
New house; all modern conveniences: rooms
by day 35c up; by week $2 up; open all night.
GEARY. 736 — Nicely - furnished, sunny, clean,
k single and double roome; gentlemen.
. GEARY, 742 — Nicely furnished, sunny front
rooms; 'bath and .phone. . ....
GOUGH. 1201, corner O'Farrell — Nice, sunny,
single, furnished' rooms. ,' ..
GEARY, 657— Sunny furnished rooms to let;
rent reasonable.' '' ' ' \u25a0 -...\u25a0\u25a0.•
GEARY, 1605 — Fine furnished rooms .to let in
good neighborhood. .. ' . .
GOLDEN GATE aye., 640 — Nicely, furnished
rooms to let. . !-\u25a0
GREENWICH, 917 — Pleasant, sunny, furnished
. rooms to let. -.' \u25a0 - \u25a0 . ' \u25a0 . \u25a0- \u25a0 . \u25a0
GREENWICH. 2Sls— Nicely furnished rooms at
reasonable rates. -. '.. . .-- , : : \u25a0 ' • '
GROVE. 46— Furnished rooms to lefat reason-
able. rates. , -"\u25a0 -\u25a0 - '' .''-•-
GROVE. S06 — Nice, comfortable, furnished
rooms to let. . \u25a0". - . , . -
GOLDEN GATE aye..' 442— Nice, clean, quiet,
sunny rooms; $5 up. '\u25a0- • \u25a0 -' • -- \u25a0••\u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0 • -
HOTEL Hamilton ana '. cafe. 125 Ellis, bet.
Powell & Mason sts., S. F. — Rms $1 to $3 per
day: gteam heat & telephone In each room.
HARRIET. 35., 0 ft Sixth— Light room; 1 gentle-
man; $6 a month. -. \u25a0-'•\u25a0-: \u25a0 -
HOWARD, 646— Furnished ' rooms; large, euc-
ny; gas; running water; $1 50 to $2 50 week.
HYDE. 814r-Nlcely furnished rooms, aultabla
• for one or. two gentlemen. \u25a0\u25a0 • \u25a0. -
HYDE, \u25a0 841— Eleganly furnished ' room ; • modern
; . flat ; . modern conveniences; private family. ,
HARRISON, 669 — Nicely ' furnished" rooms to
let; reasonable. ..,'. '
HARRISON,' 74S — Comfortable and convenient
.furnished rooms to let. ;
HARRISON. 774— 'Furnished rooma to let at
*•; reasonable ratea.'. \u25a0 \u25a0
HYDE/ 1413— Finely furnished rooms; nice ma-
rin<T*vlew; . select all , conveniences;
gentlemen; references. y
HOWARD. 1161— Comfortable; and neat fur-
•; nished rooms to let.. " -. -'- \u25a0\u25a0
HOWARD 1533 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms
to let frbmss per month up. \u25a0 -.
HOWARD.; 1572-^-Nlce furnished rooms ' to let:
rates reasonable. -\u25a0' ' ~ ' \u25a0 . ' •'.
HOWARD, 715 — Rooms, 25c to $1 per day;
<$l'DO to $3 per: week: reading-room, etc.
HYDE 1106. corner California— Suite furnished
\u25a0 front rooms. $13; lower flat, unfurnished, $20;
furnished rooma. $7.
HAVES. 1694 — Sunny ; front rooms; $8 to -$3
per month; board If desired.'. r " • .
HAMPSHIRE, 1014 — Nicely furnished rooms to
. : let;',. reasonable rates." \u25a0 " ' . '"'.'\u25a0' .
HAMPTON, pIace, 13. near Third, off Foluom —
-\u25a0- Nice- furnished: rooms; » clean: quiet; per
'!\u25a0} month and up. -. \u25a0-"'••"-."- \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
HARRIET, 327— Neatly furnlsned rooms to let;
. all conveniences. ," "\u25a0'. s- -. : - \u25a0 • -
HOWARD. ; 734 W— Furnished rooms to let at
? .' reasonable rates; . - \u25a0-. -: \u25a0 '. . -
HOWARD, 728- I Neatly : furnished rooms : con-
'.;venlent. . -.: • \u25a0 -."''\u25a0-
HOWARD, 732 — Furnished rooms to 'let at rea-
\u25a0 \u25a0 BOna -ble; rates. ''\u25a0 .'\u25a0 ' ' * .»-':•\u25a0•
HOWARD/. 1041— Neatly rooms; alt ;
;.: conveniences.*,'," \u25a0• \u25a0'.'- • '
HOWARD, ' 1060— Nice furnished ; rooms -to let;
.\u25a0reasonable.^/ '.\u25a0•..\u25a0 .. :_•' . . .
r ROOMS TO LET — Furn. mnd Vnlurn*
HOWARD. 1129— Nice clean furnished room-
to let; reasonable.
HARRISON. 920— Nicely furnished rooms- to
let: reasonable.
HARRISON. 923 — Nice comfortable furnished
rooms to let.
HARRISON. 1443— Nicely furnished convenient
rooms to let. - . - •
HAWTHORNE. IS— Nicely furnished rooms to
let; reaaonabla. .
HAVES. 873— Neatly furnished rooms to let:
on car line.
HARRIET, SS7— Unfurnished rooms to let at
reasonable rates... .
JONES. 522 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for gentlemen; also single rooms: as
reasonable rates.-
JONES. 1223 — Elegantly furnished, sunny
[ . rooms, with fine marina view ; corner resi-
dence; references required.
JACKSON. 2311— Nlc« furnished rooms to let: .
rent reasonable.
JONES. 951. opp. Colonial Hotel — Large, sun-.
Ny .front rooms, suitable' for gentlemen;
piano, phone; bath connecting.
JONES. 1316 — Sunny rooms, nnfurnished or
furnished. . . . ..-*. =v"».,
JESSIE. 472. between Fifth and Sixth— Nicely
furnished rooms to let.
JACKSON. 1103, corner Taylor— Furnished
sunny rooma In private family. , "
JONE3, 612— Elegant furnished rooms with
all conveniences to let; rates reasonable.
JONES. 710 . (Princeton) — Elegant furnished
. apartments; single or *n suite; everything
modern. _____
KEARNT. 207— Furn. apts.; slngls and desira-
ble front suite; clean, quiet, homelike; reas.
KEARNT. 305 — Nicely furnished rooms; also
light housekeeping; gas; bath.
KEARNY. 215 — Front sunny rooms oa first
floor; also other rooms; rent reasonable.
KEARNY. 233 lTh« Adelene)— Nicely furnished
\u25a0 rooms; gas, running water. $1 BO week ug.
KEARNY, 233 — Handsomely furnished rooms,.
\u25a0Ingle and ea suite; transients visiting- city;:
luncheons served; telephone privileges; cen-
tral; convenient, to all cars. \u25a0'
LARKIN. 1122— Newly furnished sunny rooms.
$9 to $12 per month.
LARKIN. 1410— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
for gentlemen; : phone and bath; $7 and $10
per month.
LEAVENWORTH 411, near Ellis— Two nicely
- furnished rooms; running- water, grate; tuit-
' able for two or three gentlemen: also nice
single room; all sunny; within walking dls-
. tance of Market at.
LEXINGTON aye.. 133. bet. ISta and 19tti —
Nicely furnished room in Mission warm belt;
rent very reasonable; -quiet family. ____-•
LAGUNA. 703— Nicely furnished rooms to let:
fine location. .
LARKIN. 573 A —Clean, sunny, nicely furnished
rooma: reasonable rates.
LEAVENWORTH; 822 — Sunny front rooms:
running water; also sunny floor of 3 rooms
for housekeeping. $20 and ur>.
LARKIN. 2105 — Nice furnished rooms to rent;
moderate charges. __'
LARKIN. 2125 — Furnished rooms to let; all
conveniences; moderate.
LASKIE, 9 — Furnished rooms to let; reason-
able. . '
LEAVENWORTH, 820. near Sutter— Nice fur-
nished rooms at reasonable rates; single or
en suite.
LILY aye.. 33 — Nice convenient furnished
rooms to l«t- •
LILY aye.. 73, near Gough — A furnished room
for gent. $3 per month. •
LINDEN aye., 346 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms to let.
LYON. 512— Neatly furnished and pleasant
rooms to- let. \u25a0
LYON, ISIS — Unfurnished rooms to let; nice
location; reasonable rent. -
LOVELY rooma; some housekeeping; Dwlght .
way; house strictly high grade; Key route
station. • W. S. JOY. 2122 Dwight way,
Berkeley. \u25a0 -
MASON. 1134— Nicely furnished suite of rooms,
with running water, grate, bath, etc; also
single rooms at reasonable rates.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third st. — 100-
single and family rooms. 33c to $1 50 per
day; $2 to $9 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor: hot and cold
water electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to its guests.
MISSION, 1309, near Ninth — Newly furnished
front rooms; bath; every accommodation.
MISSION.' 287t> — Fine furnished, sunny rooms
in the warm belt; to let by week or month;
reasonable rateai
MARKET. 620. top floor— Furnished rooms to
let; gentlemen only. .
MISSION, 1514. near Eleventh— Sunny single
. front room: $5 per month.
MINNA, 229 — Nicely furnished single front
and back rooms. :
MISSION, 1032 — Neatly furnished rooms to let;
reasonable rates.
McALLISTER. 503 — Quiet, desirable rooms to
rent; 2 gents or couple: rent reasonable..
MISSION, 1036 — Nice, clean, sunny rooms in •
, private family.
MISSION. 1520 — Nice, furnished rooms to let;
reasonable.
MISSION, 2032 — Nicely furnished rooms, either
single or for two.
MONTGOMERY aye.. 221 — Nicely furnished
r rooms to let,
McALLISTER. 631— N«wly furnished, sunny
rooms, either slngl« or double, from $7 to
$S 50 per month.
MISSION. 1C33. opp. new Postofflce — Nice. «un-
ny room with running water, $10 per month;
suitable for men.
MASON, 10043, near Sacramento— Spacious, ele-
gant, front and back parlors, unfurnished;
light, sunny; gas grate, shower and tub bath;
rent reasonable: only respectable parties. - <
McALLISTER, 1733— Comfortable, bright front
room, nicely furnished, for gentleman; no
other roomers. \u25a0
McALLISTER. 1062^ — Neat, sunny room, newly
furnished: closet, bath; tor gentlemen; pri-
vate family; refa. ; $7. • \u25a0
MARKET. 1542 (Idyll) — Nice suites and slag! a
rooms, with or without baths; hot and cold
water and electrio lights in all rooms; ele-
vator; $2 50 per week and up.
MARKET. 1561 — Nice, convenient, furnished
rooma to let.
McALLISTER. 443, bet. Polk and Van Ness—
Sunny furnished roome; $3 and $9. .
MARKETT. 1564 (Fremont) — Elegant. «unny
suites with bath; also slnglo room.; reduced
rates for permanent guests.
McALLISTER, 100— Newly fumlsned, sunny,
rooma to let. \ . v
MCALLISTER. 1228 (Whitefield)— Very choice
unfurnished apartments to let,
MASON, 1527 — Furnished room, wita ruanlnj
water. . \u25a0 . - "
NATOMA, 460^.— A front room, for 2 menj
private family. " . ~
NINTH, 118 — Sunny front room far gentleman j
$8. . - -
NATOMA, 1 428— Nlc« furnished rooma to let.
NINTH. 402— Nice furnished rooms to let at
reasonable rates.
O'FARRELL, 362 — Newly furnished front sun-
ny milte. with lath. $35. \u25a0 - - . - r
OLIVE aye., I 545. near Octavia— Nicely fur-
nished sunny • rooms, with bath and phone;
rent reasonable: half Mock from cars.
O'FARRELL, 817H — Ftn» furnished rooms;
neat., clean and sunny; all conveniences;
from $2 50 up. -
OTARRELL -730 (The Lorraine) — Front, san-
> ny rooms. $12 and $15 per month; hot water.
electric Itehts.
O'FARRELL, 1103 — Elegantly furnished rooms;
corner flat; -also rooms for housekeeping; all
conveniences; reason_bl# rental.
OAK 1545 opposite Golden Oate Park — N«wly
furnished rooms; runnlns water; elegant;
: bath; homelike. .
OCEAN aye., .1917 — Nicely furnished, and eon-
venlent rooms to let. ..
O'FARRELL, 504 — Nicely furnished sonny
rooms; running water; central location;
rates reasonable. -
O'FARRELL. 531 — Large sunny furnished
. rooms to let. .'..'.
O'FARRELL. 1770^ — Nicely furnished rooms to
let; reasonable rates. -
POST, 1907. corner ' Stelner — Nicely furnished
sunny ' front rooms, with ' board If desired;
.also choice housekeeping rooms : bath; phone.
PACIFIC \u25a0 arc • 71« — Nicely furnished large
sunny front rooms.' with use of parlor; board
If desired. ;\u25a0 \u25a0
POST. 6M — Nicely furnished - pleasant rooms:
' closets, running water, 'gas. etc; $2 • per
\u25a0 week and US'.
For Additional • Classified :, AdTcrtlae-
MMfIHH meats Sec Pace \u25a0*I?*K225_?H
- i -.i"-m-—iiiiii rm ii -i i.«T*riTrivr~ tV,ia,t.itiTT.,Jffif
8182
ROOMS TO LETT — Fun a. and Unrnrn.
POLK. 622—2 or S sunny connecting rooms, un-
fumlnlieg; pbone, bath, referencea.
PIKE. S»SO. near Taylor — Sunny single fur-
nished rooms.
PINE, 98S— Sunny rooms; central location!
newly furnished. _______
P.JNE. 1222— Fine furnished rooms to letj son
all day. \u25a0
PINE 1761. ce—r Franklin— Larre sunny un-
furzuehed rooms: all conveniences; re_sooable.
P^ST. 408 (La Tonl) — Fine, large, airy roomsj
nicely furnished; hot and cold water.
POWELL, 216 — Nicely furnished rooms by day,
week or month.
POWELL, 504 — Nicely furnished rooms to let;
centrally located. ___
POWELL, 1103 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms
. to let. \u25a0
POWELL. 182S — Nicely furnished and con-
venient rooms to let. '
POST 704 — Sunny handsome suite;, running
mater; dosete; 1 or 2 gentlemen; private
house : »'-•»'' _____________
PINE. 1025 — V«ry fine, sunny newly furnished
rooms: l«.th; gentlemen preferred.
PINE. 1761— S«v«ral nice rooms t« let; either
furnished or unfurnished; reasonable.
POST E24 — Middle flat: newly furnished, sun-
ny rooms : running water, bath, phone.
FOTRERO aye.. 888— Nice sunny furnished
rooms to let.
JUO VISTA. HOTEL, 233 Third st.. near How-
ard — New bouse with modern conveniences;
rooms en sutte and single; rates by day. 850
up; by week. $2 up; baths free to guests.
BTETTENSON. 406. cor. 6_l block from
Market — A. nice sunny furnished front roomi
cheap; coutekeeplnc if desired.
BAN JO6E aye.. 607 — Newly furnished room*!
use of bath acd phone.
FCTTER, 164S— Newly furnished large pleasant
rooms In new Cat: use of kitchen If de-
Eired; reaaan-bia.
6TTTER, cor. Gough <Tbe Dorchester)— El-
egant fur&lEhed a&artmeats; everything mod-
em and strictly up-to-date. .- ; -\u25a0 '
BUTTER. 1065 — Nicely furnished rooms to le*
at reasonable rates; conveniently located.
SEVENTH. 172 <Tbe Klnrsbury) — Fine fur-
nished rooms; also nicely furnlihed house-
;<«=Tinir apartment* st reasonable rates.
FTEVENSON. «05 — Nice furnished rooms by
week cr month. \u25a0 '-jj" s?
BTB\'ENSON. 829 — L!»ht fttrnlshed rooms to
let, $1 per week.
SAN CARLOfi aye., 145, bet. 18th and 19th,
nr. Msislon — 6 beautiful sunay rooms, bath,
y«--(3. .'-::••,-\u25a0\u25a0?--';-'
ei'TTBR. »67— Single rooms, $8 per week;
suites, beautifully furnished, $4 50 per week
and up; nice and sunny. - - :-
F.IXTII, 229i5. corner Clementina. — Large bajr-
\u25a0w inflow rooms: 1 hskpg. : (2 60 and $3 week.
eEA'ENTEE^TH. 4094 — Sunny room and al-
cove, newly furnished; suitable for man and
xvife or 2 gentlemen.
SILVER, SO (rear) — 3 rooms; rent $7.
BUTTER. J>€7 — Beautifully furnished sunny
room*: single and en suite; from $3 to $4 60
per week.
SIXTH. 421— T0 let. ntc* front room; $10 mo.;
alfo nice elde room, $1 25 week. v v - .
STETNJ-iR. 130, near Waller— 2 or S famished
r<" n.t to let.
SrTTnR. 1643 — Fine furnished rooms; modern
convc niency ; <holce neighborhood. "";. .
SCTTER. I3IS (The Aragon)— Fine furnished
twites and apartments: all modern conven-
iences; ga*. wat*r. electric lights, etc.
St'TTER. 11 19 — Cholc* furnished rooms, with
s>\\ conveniencee: reasonable terms.
TWn.VTT-THIRD, 3605, cor. Guerrero— Ele-
Fantly furnlrtied bay-window rooms In a new
modern flat. After 6 p. m. or Sundays.
TW f:.VTT-BEVE?CTH, 841 A. sear Sanchez—
Furnished rooms to let.
TWEN'TT-SEVENTH, 419— Neatly furnished
rooms to let.
TAYIjOR, 350 — Clean sunny rooms with hot
bath; good services; re«sonable.
TI'RK. 204 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms, $2
and up; quiet house.
TI'RK. 11E8— Newly furnished front rooms In
niodern flat to let; g_s. bath, phone; rea-
Fosable; board If desired. i-:J.<,
T>TLOR. 810 — Nicely furnished ironny rooms
for gpiit? ; bath and phone. •
TEIIAMA. I«4— Nicely furnished rooms to let;
very reasonable.
TENTH 454— Nice furnished rooms to let.
THIRD. 40!»— F_-n!shed rooms to let; rent
roafonable.
THIRTEENTH. 23S— Nicely furniahed sunny
front rooms to let; reasonable.
TREAT aye.. 1194 — Comfortable furcished
rooms to let; reasonable. : :*\u25a0 5
TWEN— T-RIXTH. 4178— Nice rooms to let;
romijlete!y furnished.
TWENTY-SEVENTH, 207— Nice furcished
rooms' to let.
\u25a0 TWENTY-SECOND. 2930 — Nicely furnished
moms to let.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 322— Unfurnished rooms
to \*l; In warm b*"lt.
TWENTY-FOURTH^ 27W — Nioe furnished
moms to let.
TWENTY-THIRD. 332S— Roomers want<>d.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms, S?>c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric Hsrhts (no gas), running water in every
1 cm: elevate- read. -room: free bus, baggage.
UNION. 1021 — Nicely furnished rooms to let;
reasonable rates. "v" v
VALENCIA, 611— Nicely furnished funny
rooms In th« warm beft.
VAN NESS aye., 808 — Newly furnished eunny
rooms 10 l*t.
VALENCIA. f«2s— Nicely furnished rooms to
l«~t; resfonable. . •
VERMONT. ICl7— Furnished rooms to let in
• nice neighborhood.
VALKNCIA. CSS, near Eighteenth— 2 newly
furnished sunny bay-window rooms; bath.
WOLF House, cor. 6th and Howard — No better
tran-ient bouse in city; rooms 15c to 50c
ix»r nleht : We to $Z r»er week.
\u25a0WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms,
3r.c to ?1 DO nightly, $2 to ?8 week; elevator;
'\u25a0l^c. Urhts; rtadir.g-room; free bus, baggage. 1
WEHSTER. VtSli rear O'Farrell— 3 or 4 sun-
ny unfurnished rooms; bath; phone.
WAEITUCGTCN aye., S6— Nicely furnished
rooms 19 let.
WEBSTER, 753— Nicely furnished rooms to
rent at reasonable rates.
WEBSTER, 1406 — Nicely furnished rooms to
let; r»aporiab!e.
WILLOW aye.; 671— Nicely furnished rooms to
let at moderate rates.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion or advwtlKements and subscriptions has
1 b<^n cpenwi at 1008 Market st., ODDcslte
' Fifth. Oucn. until 11 p. m.
ROOBIS AND BOARD.
THE JOHNSTON.
605 O'Farrclt st.. cor. Larkin.
Elegantly furnished; delightfully situated;
large yard, trees and shrubbery; all home
• comforts; etrictly first-class family hotel;
all modern conveniences.
• CALIFORNIA, 1433 fWellesley Hotel) — This
§ house 1* now under new management; has
been thorourhly renovated and newly fur-
nished; !s etrictly up to date and is first-
class family hotel; suites and single rooms
with every convenience; excellent table
board.
PIKE. 877 (Hotel Hathon)— Beautiful furnish-
ed sunny suites; also choice single rooms'
excellent marine view; all modern eonven-
- icnoac; table board unexcelled; permanent
suests will be given special rates.
' -'
POST. 1097, corner Eteiner — Elegant newly
furnished and sunny front rooms; best of
table board from $25 up per month; bath;
phone.
SCTTER. 781 (Hotel Rcpelier) — Fine furnish-
ed rooms; choloe location; with board if de-
sired; board and room, for two, $45 per
. month and up; single rooms .with board for
one. $20 per month and op.
CENTRAL aye., 730, near McAllister— Sunny
bay-window parlor; gas. mantel, bath,' phone,
laundry, closet; board; house and fum. sew;
near park; $6 a week; 2, $11; home cooking;
' • no children. - •-.-.:
EDDY, 771— Nicely furnished room and. board*
for two; private family; fins location; close
to. Phone £— it 2008.
ROOM! AND BOARD— Continued. _
ELLIS. 1264— Newly furnished bright jind tun-
ny rooms, with board, for -~ rrt «2°?£ l6 J °l
single gentleman; good boms oooklng: free
phone and bath; inspection Invited.
ELLIS. 1265— Large finely furnished rooms,
wlth'or without board_all oonven toaeiitM
locality; good car serrioe; homelike, rates
low.
TURK. 1189— Nicely furnished mite* and sin-
gle rooms in n«w modern dat; Drivatejam-
lly; good table board; nice quiet plaoe for
students; rates reasonable.-
EDDY 865 — Nicely furnished rooms in a pri-
vate* family, with or without boardi everr-
thlng modern; rates reasonable.
FOURTEENTH. 824 — Pleasant rooms, and
board, with bath: suitable for 2 or 4 young
men; "ready Monday. • ' . - ' .
MoALLISTER. 612— Sunny rooms; home cook-
lngTthone; one. |22 50: two. $40. $45; table
' beard. ___________________
OAK. IS46— Privata family has sunny- bay-
1 window room, running water, with ot wlth-
out board; telephone Fell. S3OO. -
LAGUNA, 1606 — Sunny front room with board
in private French family; suitable for two
gentlemen; term* reasonable.
PINE, 2040 — Handsome large sunny room; all
conveniences; excellent table; couple or two
gentlemen. -
BEVESTTH. 252 — Newly turn, room*: sun all
day; with or without board; first class; new
home. .
BUTT— X. 614 (The Westminster Hotel)— ESe-
gantly furnished bay-window suites; also
choice single rooms; exoellent board.
GOOD board and room; 8 meals 820 month.
No. 1 Martta place, off Peary.
LAGUNA, 1301. cor. Bills— Bunny room*, with
board; best home cooking; private; reaa.; ref.
LEAVENWORTH. 1235, apartment 1_W — Sun--
nr room; board for 2 gents; home oomforts.
OTARREIL, 1770 — Room* and board; private
Jewish family.
PINB, 10P8 — A sonny corner sultei also single
room 1 excellent table; prlvatei references.
TUrn 787— ftunny roozna; good bom* oocldnrt
12280 up. '
TABLE board, ST per week: kom* eooklngT
405 Eutttr si j
ADVERTISEMENTS, eubscriptione received at
Cell Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
COUNTRY BOARD.
X PRETTT home to board at; high grounds;
levely climate; plenty of sun; rest and quiet;
for any one not strong; every kindness and
care will be «hown them. i7 Whlte Lodge,"
Bunol Glen, Alameda County.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
WANTED good home for pleasant girl, 4 years,
where will receive motherly atteation; also
furnished room for father if possible; state
terms. Box. 2710, Call.
RAZORS.
BUT HIM ONE FOR CHRISTMAS.
I carry one of the largest and most select
line* of razor* In the city. I offer a speoial
rarer at $1 and fl 00 that cannot be duplicated
for the money.
Jordan, Henckel and Stiletto Raaora at |2|
corn parers 75c: hair clippers, $1 up.
' S AFETT RAZORS.
A Safety Rasor for Christmas would be a
nice and useful present. I carry all the bast
ones.
Star Safety Razor, regular $2; my spe-
cial price $1 B0
Extra blades 1 00
Gillette Safety Razor, with 12 blades, re-
quiring no honing or stropping S 00
12 extra blades 1 00
Ever-ready Safety Razor, 24 blades 0 00
Extra 12 blades 1 00
Yankee Safety Rasor 1 50
Gem Safety Razor 1 SO
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. Pitts, the Stationer.
1008 Market St.. San Francisco.
RAZOR STROPS.
A carefully selected assortment in all the
best materials, from 25c up.
Star Safety Strops $1 00
Star Stropping Machines $1 60 and $2 50
Razors Honed and Ground. Honing 25c
THAT MAN PITTS,
1008 Market St.. San Francisco.
STORAGES AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
T3l Howard at,, nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
Main office Eddy and Flllmore; tel. West 828.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
at.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ALLIANCE IXSURAXCE CORPORA-
TION, LD.
ALLIANZ VERSICHERUXGS-ACTIEN
GESELLSCHAFT
OF BERLIN, IN GERMANT, ON THE 31ST
DAT OF DECEMBER. A. D. 1904. AND FOR
THE YEAR ENDING OX THAT DAT. AS
MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMIS-
SIONER OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
PURSUANT TO'THE PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS ClO AND 611 OF THE POLITICAL
CODE. CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BT THE COMMISSIONER.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
in Cash $ 250,000 00
ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company. . . $559,944 06
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... . 145.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by the Com-
pany 732,628 70
Cash In Company's Office 2.923 18
Cash In Banks 516,260 29
Interest due and accrued on ' all
Stocks and Loans and Interest
due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages 4,596 96
Premiums in due course of Collec- '
tlon 819,22106
Total Assets $2,810,374 35
LIABILITIES. "~~~ ~ "~
Losseo in process 'of Adjustment
or in Suspense..... $760,687 12
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, reinsurance
60 per cent; and Gross Premiums
on Fire Risks running more than
one year, reinsurance pro rata.. 173,41164
Gross Premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, reinsur-
ance 100 per cent; and Gross Pre-
miums on Marine Thne Risks,, -
reinsurance 60 per cent \u25a0 445.780 94
Liabilities under Life or any other '-
Special Department 463,43101
All Other Liabilities 71.207 £6
Tout Liabilities $1,917,517 97
INCOME. —————
Net Cash actually received for Fire
• Premium* $1,095,122 54
Net Caeh actually received for Ma-
rine Premiums.. ,1,008,172 50
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 5,850 CO
Received for Interest and Dividend?
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from '
All Other Sources.. 48,082 79
Received for Rents.. 13,508 47
Received from all Other Sources... 26,316 70
:
Total Income. .$2,287,353 00
HHWWiIMIIl | iif"ti') f tfiillll W> fW Hi I l ' — —
EXPENDITURES."
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.. $543,466 44
Net amount paid for Marine Losses 003,010 55
Dividends to Stockholders.....:... 55,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commissions or
Brokerage; and paid for Salaries,
Fees and other charges for offi-
cers, clerks, etc. 585,056 64
Paid for State, National and Local
-Taxes .'........ 3,332 24
All Other Payments and Expendl- .
tures 90,599 P5
Total Expenditures • $1,780,465 S2
Risks and Premiums.] Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $172,035,695 $433,529 08
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year... 191.062,355 419,173 68
Net amount in force .
. December, 31. 1904: . . . 61.712.497 173.411 64
Risks and Premiums Marine Risks. I Premluma.
Net amount of Risks
written during the , .
year . ; ....... $414,406,938 $3,273,803 57
Net amount of Risks \u25a0 - ~, ~~,. r -
expired during the . -\u25a0
year .:.......... 315,793,515 2,650,589 61
Net amount in force "•. - = - . . - •\u25a0 • . .
December 3L 1904 61,202,878 '• 373,750 04
PAUL SZELIXSKI. President. :*\u25a0\u25a0
MARCUS MAUEL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to', before , me.
tbla 23th day of April. 1005. \u25a0- -\u25a0
-WM.-.F. WEIGHT..
United States Consul General at Munich.
' GUTTE A FRANK, General Acents.
303 CALIFORNIA STREET. '
San Francisco. Cal.
THE SAtt-FRANGISGQ/- eALt^SUNDAYp^EGEMBER^IT;- 1905.
.'". STATEMEICT \u25a0 . '
OF TH_ CONDITION. AND AFFAIRS :
OF THE
RHINE! AND MOSELLE FIRB DfSUIU
ANCE COMPANY
OF ' STRABBURG, IN GERMANT, ON THE
81ST DAT OF D-CEMBER, A. 1V1904. AND
FOR THE TEAR ENDING ON THAT DAT.
A3 MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMIS-
SIONER OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS 610 AND 611 OF THE POLITICAL
CODE. CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BT THE COMMISSIONER. %
CAPITAL.,
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
in Cash ". . « _$600,000 00
r. ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company... $300,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. ... 222,600 00
Cash Market Value •of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 771,000 00
Cash In Company's 0ffice.......'. . 8,483 83
Cash In Banks ................... 133,774 25
Interest due and accrued on all' <
Stocks and Loans .............. 10,894 64
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ................. 1,605 94
Premiums In due Course of Collec- ,
tlon ............. 28.34188
Rents due and accrued .........:. 2,580 35
Due from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 101.734 67
Total Assets .'\u25a0 . .$1.875.916 86
LIABILITIES. " ~ "
Lomm adjusted and. unpaid .'. $15,674 8f
Losses in prooess of Adjustment or
In Suspense .................... 8T.048 6«
Losses resisted, including expenses. 4,401 18
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
- nlng ' one * year or less, $399,-
214 64; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 199,007 27
Oroas premiums on Flra Risks run- .
nlng more than one year, $S9, • \u25a0
656 20; reinsurance pro rata..... 82,892 73
All other Liabilities ............. 83.110 97
Total Liabilities $872.736 67
V c " \u25a0*'
INCOM~t
Wet cash actually received for Fire
-premiums $485.153 14,
Received for Interest on Bonds and • \u25a0 '\u25a0
Mortgages 9,023 94
Reoelved for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and *
from all other souroes .'.. 84.278 86
Received for Rents ...... .-...- 17.554 S3
Received from all other souroes... 17.657 .'53
Total Inoome $513,596 15
EXPENDITURES. .
Nat amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $19,649 89 losses of
previous years) ................ $289,923 7T
Dividends to Stockholders. . . . 70,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage ..:..,..... 82,272 81
Paid for Salaries Fees and other
charges "for officers, olerks, etc.. 48,826 18
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 17,78142
All other payments and expendi-
tures . 40,974 60
Total Expenditures $619,778 79
~ Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $267,617 68
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Tti ska. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the! ' '
year $468,318,290 $619,390 70
Net amount of Rlfko
expired during the
year k .. 471.897.497 625,790 94
Nat amount in force
December 81. 1904 412.971.243 -457.770 80
JULES ECHALLER. President.
A. POIZAT, Secretary. , .
Subscribed and "sworn to before me, this sth
day of April. 1905. . .
JOSEPH 1.- BRITTAIN,
U. 8. Consul In Kehl, Baden, Germany.
STZ A CO.. General Ascents.
308 CALIFORNIA. STREET.
N UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HELVETIA SWISS FIItE INSURANCE
' \u25a0 .' ':''" X. COMPANY- ,^';
OF ST. GALL! IN SWITZERLAND, ON THE
31ST DAT OF DECEMBER. A. D. 1904, AND
FOR THE TEAR ENDING ON- THAT DAT,
AS MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMIS-
SIONER OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS 610 AND 611 OF THE POLITICAL
CODE CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BT THE COMMISSIONER.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all StocTcs
and' Bonds owned by. Company .$591,395 00
Interest . due and accrued on all
. Stocks and Loans ..'..'.. 4,983 33
Total Ae5ete. ................. . .$596,378 33
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid /7~. '
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In 5u5pen5e.................. $3,390 60
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses \u25a0
Gross premiums on Fire Risks]
running one year, or less, $ ;
reinsurance 50 per cent I 3,623 64
Gross premiums on Fire . Risks f
running more than one year.
$ : reinsurance pro rata. . . . J
Total Liabilities .$7,014 14
INCOME.
Received for Interest . and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from -
all other sources...:-.. $19,615 17
Profit on eale or maturity 'of Ledger
Assets 210 00
Received from Home Office 1,689 95
Total Income $21,515 12
EXPENDITURES." ,
Net amount paid for' Fire Losses
(Including $30 50. losses, of -pre vl-. .
ous yearr) / ...... .V $2,161 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or , - :
Brokerage .-;...'.................. 930 91
Paid for Salaries Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. ' 099 P9
Paid for State, National and ' Local " \u25a0
Taxes .....:..".........-."... 20 00
Remitted to Home Office. 23,846 M)
All other Expenditures 988 P6
Total Expenditures $28.9*7 C 6
, Fire.
Losses" lncurred during the year..:.. ".$1,130 CO
Risks and Premiums |Flrt- Risks. [Premiums.
Net amount vof -Risks ' .\u25a0
expired during the B3B»Sfp
year .......... ... '. $838,221 $15,97145
Net amount in. force
December 31. 1904.... , "1.450,977 19,158 25
SAMUEL R. WEED, of Weed & Kennedy,
. U. S. Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, - this Ist
day of February,- 1905. \u25a0. •
F.FISHBECK. Notary Public
- SYZ & CO.. General Asreints.-
30S CALIFORNIA STREET.
'* UNITED ', STATES BRANCH.
.STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
' - OF. THE
LONDON GUARANTEE AND ACCI-
DENT COMPANY
OF LONDON, IN ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
DAY OF DECEMBER,, A. D. 1904,- AND. FOR
THE YEAR - ENDING ON THAT -" DAT;
MADE TO :\u25a0 THE* INSURANCE / COMMIS-
SIONER OF THE : STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS 010 "AND 0111 OF;: THE POLITICAL
CODE. CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BT THE COMMISSIONER.
V ASSETS. .':. . \u25a0:\u25a0' \u25a0-.\u25a0
Cash Market Value ; of - ; all Stocks '-
: and Bonds owned •by * Company. '.$1,243,577 81
Cash -In ' Company's 0ffice. .....:._ 6,956 90
Cash in 8ank5. . . : . . . .'. . . . . . .' . . . ;.;.-' 152,000 00
Interest :, due -and .. accrued, on :.
Bonds .'.-...-...:.'..\u25a0. .....:. V....:.. ) 14,465 34
Premiums in due Course of Col-- - — ..
lection .....:... 229,853 33
Total Assets . . . ...... ..'... . . .$1,646,858 38
•s LIABILITIES. ~ " —
Losses in process "of ..Adjustment ,"
or. j in 5u5pen5e.......'......:.... " $16,816 99
Losses -••- resisted. Including -. ex- ... :....
• ' penses L.". ...'.. .-".' ~.-.T.~. r.Trnrr.V, 22.337 10
Gross Dremlums' on? Risks 'running ' -,-\u25a0; • . \
" one year. or 1e55., 5869,935 C9r re- . ..:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.
' ir.surance' so;perscent,.T.'. v :.'Tr.". -.434,0(57, 84
Gross premiums on s ßisks l running:
- more -than, one J year,. $32,025 13; ; ! :" _ •
- reinsurance .' pro ; rata.*. . : . . .... : : : . 21,677. 44
Special ; Reserve for > unpaid ' losses. \u25a0 420,925 ,00
Commissions I and f ' Brokerage .v due . J ;-;\u25a0* i[ s^r ,
V- and to ' become i due ~'« 7~i »'J ...**.'. '-'-Z63,211Z 63,211 iO2i 02
Contingent", reserve ..... ....::...' " 150,000 00
All other Liabi1itie5......... .......; 26,848 28
Total 'Liabilities . . :. ...... . . .$1,156.783 71
~\- 'I', INCOME.'', .'.. ~---..--: '
Net cash actually received for pre- < \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
.\u25a0;\u25a0 miums . 1 '.".'mvfrr: : ". at. . . ...r." $1,153, 784 07 [
Received ".' for *' interest i and •>" divl— :
" ' dends •' on ; Bonds, ". Stocks. " Loans \u25a0 -
• and from all other 50ur0e5 . . . . . . 43,883 23
_"-'• Total ilnooine "\u25a0'.'.'. '.'.'..'.\u25a0. ....... .$1,197,147 30
.-\u25a0•.'- ' KXPENDITUR-S. -\u0084..-,>-:.;•;;K :
Net amount paid for Losses. . . . . . $430.457. 19
Dividends -to Stockholders.. . . . . . . 44,118 80
Paid or > allowed for CommlMloa
1 or Brokerage ..:..... 7;:..;.... 800,48T 28
Paid ; for Salaries ; Fees * and ; other
'charges for officers, clerks, eta. 80,315 27
Paid for State, National and Local
. taxes .... ;..;.- . . . . . . . . . 18,742 29
All ether.- payments • and v expend-
itures ;:'....;.......... .s.. £01,625 50
Total Expenditures ........ . $1. 034,711 33
Losses Incurred during the year..;. ; $430,457- 19
A.. W. MASTERS.
United States Manager.
Subscribed \u25a0 and \u25a0 sworn to before -me i this 23d
dayof February, 1906. • «••"\u25a0 ~~"*<:
\u25a0 MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
; E. C. LANDIS, Geneml Aicent.
416-418' CALIFORNIA STREET.
Snn \u25a0 g*ranclsco. Cal. -\u25a0 \u25a0 '
INSURANCE—ContInned. ,
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THB CONDITION * AND AFFAIRS
OT TEX '\u25a0'__
LIVERPOOL AND LONDON AND
GLOBE INSURANCE} COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, * ; IN ENGLAND, ON THD
81 BT DAT Of DECEMBER. A. D- 1904, AND
FOR THE TEAR ENDING ON THAT DAT.
AS MADE TO THE. INSURANCE. COMMIS-
SIONER OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF. SEC-
TIONS 610 AND 611 OF THE POLITICAL
CODE, CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED :BT THE COMMMSIONER,
ASSETS, ..
Real Estate owned by C0mpany.. 51,857,249 69
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 8,818,450 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 4,232,29125
Cash in Company's office 4,027 70
Cash in Banks 1,331,73672
Interest due : and . accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ........ 188 00
j Interest due and : accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages . : ' 85.185 87
Premiums in due Course of Col- -...-•--'
lection... . .... 1,315.120 00
Rontsdue and acorued .... 10,140 80
Perpetual Policy Premiums 7 60
Total Assets, $12,107,898 43
LIABILITIES. "*! ~"
Losses adjusted and unpaid $623 10
Losses In process of Adjustment or •
In SusDer.se \u25a0.. .... 827,780 12
Losses resisted, including expenses .87.700 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $5,285.-
\u25a0 558 76; reinsurance 60 per cent 2.642,779 38
Grcßs premiums on Fire Risks run- "-
nlng more than one year, $5,772,-
677 05; reinsurance pro rata. . . . 8,124,893 83
Amount reclalmable by Insured on
rpetual fire p01icie5............ 260.754 66
other Liabilities 384,883 33
Total Liabilities ._57.035.606 47
. INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums :..... .$6,974,168 30
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages \u0084..:... 160,739 78
Received for interest and dividends
; on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and \u25a0
from all other • sources ........ 154.356 18
Received for • Rents ........ .... . 97.974 27
Received from all other sources.. 423,446 92
- Total Income. $7,815.715 45
EXPENDITURES. *~~ /
Nat amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including -$553,C55 94, losses of •
previous years) ..$4,028,258 27
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage \u25a0...;.. I 1,332,859 66
Paid for Salaries Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 390,980 67
Paid for State, National, and Local
taxes '.'..".' ••• 22C.030 03
All other Dayments and expendi-
tures •••;. 053,705 68
Total Expenditures .£7,830.925 21
Fire.
LoEBe9 incurred during the year. .$4,793,240 85
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. . \. Premiums. |
Net amount of Rlsksl -'-..„-
- written during the "'.-\u25a0'.
year.... .. '...:.. $1,016,406,061 $11,066,077 58
Net amount of Risks -. . \u25a0 - - - .
expired during the :.'\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0- \u25a0- "•
I year ,': \- . . ... ; t . . 935.239.094 10,205,682 17
Net amount in force •;> ; - *.*Kt.
December 31, 10<H 1.025,&47.0Kr-H.058.135 81
HENRY W. EATON. U.S. Manager ; \u25a0':\u25a0'\u25a0
GEORGE W. HOTT. Deputy U.S. Mgr.
' Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 25th
day of January, 1905. -. •
W. H. WILDET. Notary Public. "
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT!
422 California Street. San;' Francisco.
CHARLES D HAVEN,
Resident Secretary.
C. MASON KINNE,
'\u25a0'> Assistant Secretary. *
i STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE .
WILHELMA GENERAL INSURANCE
COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. IN PRUSSIA. ON THE
31ST DAT OF DECEMBER. A-.D. 1904, AND'
FOR THE TEAR ENDING ON; THAT DAT.
AS MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMIS-
SIONER OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA*.
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS \u25a0 010 AND 611 -OF -THE POLITICAL
CODE, CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BT THE COMMISSIONER.
CAPITAL^ / ,
Amount of Capital- Stock, paid
up in Cash $750,000 00
; ../ : . . 'ASSETS.;'. ' \u25a0
Real Estate owned by Company. .$ 1,229,255 78
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 13,720,263 78
Ca.«h Market Value of all Stocks , -
and Bonds owned by Company. ' 64,433 42
Cash in Company's Office 82,680 47
Cash in Banks ....:............. 123,772 07
Interest due and accrued :on ' all
Stocks and Loans 9,372 06
Premiums in due ; Course • of ' Col-
lection . ... ...... . . .'.".. .... .... ' 68.964 71
Due from other Companies. .'.'./..__ 26,465 09
Loans on Life and Accident Poll-*V r
cies .-. . ; rr.'.-.rrr; . . . . . i 941,948 42
Bonds of our department against.
loss in exchange ............:.. :' 84,516 00
Other Assets ............. ... 14.007 00
Total Assets .$16,355,068 SO
, - LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment -
or In Suspense ....:.'....'.... *.'•5'\u25a0 74,39560
Gross rremiums on .'. Marine : and ' /\u25a0_ :.->
','.' Inland- Navigation 'Risks, rein-
s eurance '100. per cent; /.gross, ;,
premiums -on .; Marine: i Time *. .'
Risks, reinsurance 50 per cent. . \u25a0•\u25a0 50,567 26
Liabilities of : life, or 1 other spe- < \u25a0 •
cial departments 14,999,763 54
Due to '• other - companies for re- . •_/\u25a0\u25a0 ;
insurances .:...............*,.-.. :-'. 9,469 64
Total Liabilities ... ..... .$)5,134,195 04
INCOME. »
Net' cash actually received :for-. .1
-Marine: premiums .............$ 307,03351
Received for- interest ;on - Bonds
and M0rtgage5'.. .............. 561,093 57
Received for Interest and dividends. ':.
on '• Bonds, " Stocks. -. Loans and ,•' ;
from, all: other ;sourcesrr;;';r;.v.' • 47,604 90
Received for Rents ; ... . . . . . .'. 63,733 23
Income of. Life and other depart- ;\u25a0 •
ments ......\u25a0......\u25a0..........;". ."15,760,070 45
Total Income ............... $1 6, 729, 625 66
EXPENDITCRES. ~~~ ~~
N«t amount paid for Marine - ' '
Losses -':,'.- ............ ... . .......$:- 202,935 22
Paid or> allowed - for Commission -
- - cr- Brokerage. '....:. .:.~.V. :..'.: 35,457 58
Paid for Salariee,? Fees and other '
\u25a0 charges for offtcers, x . clerks,' 'etc. : 35,742 65
All . other • payments' and ; expend^
;.' tures - (Life ' and - other ; Depart-
ments) ...:.. ..':'. . . . ... ....... .'\u25a0 1C,750,212 38.
Total Expenditures ......... .$16,114,377 v S3
BSH^ & \ -- '\u25a0\u25a0 -Marine. ,-
Losses incurred • during the \u25a0 year: '. V > $2U.,935 . 22
Risks nnd j Premiums. | Marine; Risks. | Premiums ;i_
Net amount of ' Risks * : " I " '
\u25a0\u25a0 -written during: the \\u25a0-'££friSM&wsSlcstaassSSi\ \u25a0- ' ££friSM&w5S I cstaassSSi
year .............. $192.299,385!537?.6C8 42
Net amount of Risks :-"iadßiaß___l 9BBHBKB(
;-. r expired ; during : the ': : '\u25a0', v : -<\u25a0'- -•. -.- \u25a0. .-;...
'year/....;..-.....r. 193,049,656 .371.364 21
Net > amount In- force i-.. :\u25a0 ; - \u25a0\u25a0^\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0;-
' December 31. 1904.1 -. -4.893,635 50.567,27
> MAX BOTHER. ManaWerVv -
; MAX RIEDEL,- Actlnsr Secretary.
Subscribed ' and - snora t to < before • me,
[ thla 14th day of Joly. 1805.1 :
" ' JAMES pAfBURRELL,
: \u25a0 . ' :. "\u25a0\u25a0' : >t saDeputyjU^SJ]Consul;--.:s a DeputyjU^SJ] Consul; - -.:
k.': GUTTE & FRANK, General Aarents. :
303 CALIFORNI A) STREET.
? ; ' San" FranclscoV Cal. v : . ""• •
,-' ; : '[.; .'..', /^RESTAJIJRANTSJ-^':;'; %
THE Londbni Kosher^ Restaurant, ; 114 ; Ellle st.,
- near , Powell; sunny furnished rooms to let. :
SEWDJG : MACHINES XXD SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; - best
\u25a0 .' Is ' cheapest : \u25a0 second-hand \u25a0 all makes ; at ) any
price; all : kinds rented lowest rates. - Domes-
" tic office. ; 1021 . Market et:; Bear Sixth:
ALL i kinds ; second-hand. $3, $5, \u25a0 $8; slightly
, ) osed." slo,s sls.J s2o. \u25a0\u25a0::\u25a0 Tou ' know where dolls
swing : in the 1 window.^ 1051 Market \u25a0 st.
TVPESIVRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
A TTPEWRffEII Is
- pecially.for the boy or. girl; < partly. used $100
.machines of all makes from $20; fully guar-
anteed; -rentals from -$2 50 ' month." -W.
- BCOTT. . 207 Montgomery St. .-
AN exceptionally good No. X Remington. No. 1
. Smith, Premier, .. $25: -other typewriters ' at \u25a0
'.'\u25a0 higher, and lower, prices; rentals. $2 50. Tho
.. Typewriter ' Exchange, ; ; 536 California st.
FOR sale — Very cheap. ' a : Fisher billing and
• .'. bookwrltlng : typewriter. , MUNICIPAL LOAN'
OFFICE. 907 Market st
> TRUNKS.;
TRUNKS retailed at wholesale prices. Factory
• 940 Mission st..«near Sixth; first-class stock.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— San Que.itln Prison . "construc-
tion account." \u25a0 Sealed : proposals will: be re-
ceived st ' the of flee -cf the . State Board ot
Prison Directors." 331 Pine St., San Franolsco,
until 2 : p. m.. December 22. : 1905, at which
time and place they will be opened in public,
for furnishing tools, dump cars,' carts, horses,
- harness, oils, paints, . wrought iron pips' and
tittinge, * cast iron - pipe,* lead, powder, - steel.
.lime. -sand, cement, stationery, drawing ma-
terials, photographic supplies, lumber, blajt-
lng machine, cement testing apparatus, hoist.
ing engine, etc.; to be delivered during the
year. 1906. Asper schedule obtainable at ths
office of the assistant \u25a0 engineer. San Quen-
tln. \u25a0 ROBERT T. DEVLIN. Pn^tdent
BRAINARD F. SMITH. Clerk. "..
__\u25a0"'.' DIVIMEND 7 NOTICES.
AMERICAN CAJ* COMPANT— A quarterly
dividend •' of one " and one-quarter per cent
<1%%) has this day been declared upon the
preferred stock . of this company, , payable on
January 1, 1906, to stockholders of record
at the close of business December 16, 1905.
I The transfer books a« to preferred stock will
• be closed from December 17, 1905 to Janu-
ary 1.M006. both inclusive. Checks will be
mailed." R. H. ISMON. Secretary. '
. New Tork,- Dec- 4. 1905.
THE Continental Building and. Loan Assocla-'
. tlon of 301 California St.. 3an Francisco, has
declared a dividend for the six months ending
December. 31. -19C5,, of B per cent per annum
on ordinary denoelts. 6 ncr cent on term de-
posits and 6 per cent on class "F" stock,
pajabla on and after January *.' 1906.
WASHINGTON DODGE. President.
.WILLIAM CORBIN, Secretary.
WAREHOUSE TO LEASE.
! FIVE-STORT buildlne. basement and electrlo
elevator; about 9600 eg;- ft. for storage . or
manufacturing: Stevenson St.. near 7th. - J.
V. VICTOR. \u25a0 Majfstlc-bldg.. 12S1 Marketft.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
NORCROSS Institute cures stammering: new,
scientific, complete. .Otflce. Market & Taylor.
CARD S AND IN VIT ATI ON S.
EngTave'l wedding Invitations, vlsitlnc &. busi-
ness cards, crests, eta; high-class work; mod-
erate rates. J/H. Duncan. 1-0 Kearny.ra.!-;.
/•/\u25a0\u25a0 \u0084 ; ~~ ,• : . • . -
'.- MARRIAGE LICENSES.
r The ' f oltowlnK marriage licenses were -«issu«d
yesterday:
Frank V. Balrd, 21,' Berkeley, and Emma
T. MacQowan. 18, 261-3 gutter street.
Walter E. Pitts, 28, 2WX> Piue. street, and
Adelald A. Seheber, _3, 2.500 Pino street. •
Alfred E. .Kraegt-r. 28, *05 Grove street, and
Mary M.Lieb, '2s, 825 (?eneva avenue.
O. Burton Bert, 27.' 231 A 'Twelfth street, and
L. Ethel 8r0ck. ,'.20. l«04 Howard ntreot.
Victor R. Clayton. _H. 108 McAllister street,
and Orretta B.Riley. ID. Willows, Cal.
. Karl G. Ekberc -27. in Klsslins: street, and
Julia A. Holm, ' _t, 16 Kisaljng street.
William Medkiff, 2_. 1314 Stockton street,
and Eda Markie, 18, IC-'O Powell street.
(Jcorjte M. Dobel,-22. 1257 Polk fctreet, and
Jeanette U. Saulsbury.-IS. 1729 Lsrkln street.
Nicholas Kromlnaker, _l, 3-4 Mlsels^lppl sL,
and Florence M. Teachout, • IS, 324 Mississippi
street.
Frnnk E. Fall, '37. 60 Stanley place, and
Ethel \u25a0M. - SDarrow> 19, 14J5 . Folsom street.
-Fredrick. a. llolladay." 32. Coliacan, Mexico,
and Eva-B. Kalkinham. 32. Alameda.
Nicholas Paull. 00. 500 Powell street, and
Augusta \u25a0 Keating/ 43, « Eddy street.
Diavld -'S.,, Jacob, .'24. .Napa Junction, and
Rosalia Luber, £4.; Napa Junction. . \
Joseph ' F .:; Jacobs; 25," flo<> ICearny " street,'
and Gertrude -M: K'nmann, IS/ New Tork.
.. '\u25a0 Henry ' Meyers. 37, - 2ti. r >6 Market street, and
.Florence Berry. '22. C 8 Ellis street.
- Thomas • Roper; 20. 1110 Hale street, and
Nellie L. Holluren. 24. 1110 Hale street.
• William Brumer, 27, 3424 Mission street, and
Emma M yon Barren, -22. 1:07 Parker avenue.
Glenn A. Ball. it). 336 Hayes street, and
Blanche V. Goodall, 31, 336 Hayes street.
EIRTHS—MAREIAGES— DEAIH&
.- Birth."- marrlaKe • and death notices sent -by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of " the tmbllca tlon • offices ; and be
indorsed" with- the name and resldencsc of psr-
oons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply '\u25a0 to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
'free of cbarze. '\u25a0'\u25a0'.\u25a0
BORN.
BERG— In this city, December 16. 1905/ to the
- wlfa^of Jacob Bersr. * a son. \
HAAS— In this city." December R. 1903, to tho
•' wife . of • M;': H.-'Haas.' a dauchter.
LOHMBTER— In this city. November 18, 1905,
to the wife of .Edward William Lohmeyer, a
son. \u25a0.'.-.-.-..
ROACH— In this city, Deccmbsr 1. 1905. to the
Avlfe of John T. Ruach (nee Donnelly).- r. SGn.
THOMAS— In this city. December. 10, 1905, to
\u25a0 t-»='wlffi of Otto L. ; Thomas, a; son. '
TURRELIx^— In thla city, December 16, 1905,
to the wife of CaptainF. Turrell. a daugh-
f % ter.j^^^^i^^riSS^BSSßSf^KtKSßKßSaoi
•\u25a0.-\u25a0•\u25a0-.-.\u25a0 MARRIED. \u25a0
BALT^— GOODALL^- In this city, December 16,
•1905, by -the Rev. William Rader. Glenn A.
\u25a0. Ball and Blanche V. Goodall. both of this
-'.city.: ;.-.\u25a0--\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0..;.--; '\u25a0"<.'.::'\u25a0':, — - •'\u25a0
FIEBIG— LOWELL— In this city. December 12,
1005, by -the, Rev. William -Rader, Walter C.
FiebiK of Grand- Rapid?,^Mlch., and Sophie
.W.; Lowell of this city.
GASKILL— ENGLE— In this city. December
14, 19U5, by the : Rev.- John Phillips. H. L.
Guskill of Centra Costa County, . and Adell
.Beatrice Enelc of this city. . • •: ,- '\u25a0' - .-\u25a0 .
• MUELLER— GAT— In • this city, December 14,
\u25a0"- 15K)5, '\u25a0\u25a0 by : the : Rev. F.^M. 1 -. Larkin; Charles E.
' Mueller nnd . Minnie D. Gray, both of this
' - city. '-\u25a0;' ;; : ;.-".->"; \u25a0 \u25a0'.\u25a0\u25a0- '. . . \u25a0 ,'.:. \
SLATER— O'NEILL— In - this city, . December
5. 1905 by the Rev." Father O'Hara, John W.
Slater and Mary A. O'Neill, both of this city.
SMITII-^-CORLETT— In thla city. December .13,
IBUS. by the Rev. AVilllam Rader. Richard
• Russell Smith of Stockton, Cal., ' and Hettie
May Corlett of, this city-
DIED. . s
Aherrie, Patrick O. Lewis,' David O.
Arditto, Lillle. 2S Marxen. . Mary \u25a0M.
» Banks, Jessie Florence Morlarty, Mary E.. 33
> Beach, Adelbert M., 39 Mulllns. Mary J., 45
; Benders Catherine; 55 s Murphy, Edward, 5C
. Blasotti. Domenico. 60 Murphy. John -F.
\u25a0'- Brereton, ; John,'- 51 ;: .. Plath, Anna C..C4r :
' Byrne, ' Rose, .' o7 .- Podesta, Stephen 49 \u25a0. \u25a0
- COKger, " Jchn ; H. , CO ~ Portener, Florencia, 69
''\u25a0 Crabb, Annie. " GS ' Porter, - Alice Bolton .
Finch, Mrs. 5 M.;; 47, .Rhode,, Frank, C 5 -
v . Franich, Marko. 40 ' Rouse, ,Wm; . P., 22
Greene, ; Susan W.;; 81 Scouler, .'James Ralph-
Griffin, Sarah, 79 Shackelton, Christiana
Grunnagle, Henrietta -v., 70 ,
L., 73, . . Slack.- Emily F., 65
Harrington, Eliz. . M. . Stone. ;,"Walter. J.
» Hatheway, Mamie, _3 -Sullivan," Delia, 58
-," Keegan; ; Margaret, 1 65 Votta, « Joseph, ; 52 . '
Kullmann,'; Simon, 65 Weaton. William,
Lanpher, Agnes, .80 v. ;\v o od. Ralph . W., 35
AHERNE— In this city, , DecemDer 14, • 1905.
..Patrick '--.0., -.dearly. ;-beloved -husband of : the
\ '- late ' Margery : Ahernc, and .' loving father.. of
\u25a0 :.Dennis,7 Catherine.; -Jennie .and- "Eugene
';• Aherne: and .Mrs. ;H.': Peterson.; a nativo of
\u25a0 County 1. Kerry.- Ireland.- ' -.
: sC7 Notice .. of . funeral ,- hereafter. ', Remains
""at -the; parlors vof :;Monahan & Co., - 2339-41
• Mission street, "'- near -Nineteenth: \ ; ."- .
ARDITTO— In -this city. December IG, 1905,
:>\u25a0\u25a0; Ltllle;; beloved wife' of ; David ' Arditto,; mother
V- of- Grace andSMadPllne-Ardltto.i daughter •of
} I Mrs.! -X.'i C'^Newson.':; and sister.; of \u25a0" William,"
'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :% James," Henry ' and George ; Newson, Mrs.'- WU-
%I liam % Brutnfiekl and " Mrs.* Wlllinm i H.; Oliver,"
t-? a' native : of : San ' Francisco, 1 : aged ; US .years. : :
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•':; .; tu^Nctice ; ot , ! funeral hereafter.' : 4 \u25a0
BANKS^rlrTi'thip i city," DccemberJ 15;; 1905, • Jcs-
\u25a0- \u25a0 sic" Florence . Banks,* beloved - sister of 'Mrs."
M . ?AT , Runyon. vWllliam . O. '- Banks. Mrs. L.
M . > -Vincent.- Mrs.^.William : G . - Leale and : R."
-, Bankf.' a"* native of jSan Francisco,^ Cal. '
\u25a0 CTTheifuneral^Bervicesiwlllibe : held, to-
day v* (Sunday),* at s 2 ; o'clock : p.' m., at ' tho
-, residence of-. her ; sister. Mrs \V. G. Leale.'
;2'-oti^.Valleio'j; 2'-0ti^.Valleio'j street. :- Interment '; private.
WOODL^WN; CEMETERY,"
; . ~ ". • * Ban"; Mateo* County. :P: P
MASONIC CEMETERY
: 686 * James ; Flood - Building, ;\u25a0 S. - F. : -
BEACH— In this' city." Deoember 18, 1905.
Adelbert M. Beach, beloved , husband of Vir-
glnia Beach, a native of Wisconsin, agea o»
years 8 months and 11 days. A member _ot
Court El Dorado No. 31. F. of A., and Pono-
nachee Tribe No. 10. I. O. R. M.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respecx-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10; o'clock a. m.. from the
funeral parlors of the H. F. Maass Company,
\u25a0:\u25a0:• 917 Mission street.: where services will be
. held under the auspices of Court El Doraao
No.-31.7F. of A. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. -
BENDER— In this city. December 14. 1905.
-\u25a0'. Catherme \u25a0 Martha Bender, beloved wife of
the late Frederick Bender, dearly beloved
mother of William F. and Frederics r.
Bender, and sister of William J. Tamm and
Mrs._H. Osterloeh. a native of Ottendorff.
Hanover, -Germany, aged 55 years 11 months
and -7 days. .
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvitea to attend the fun«ral .to-day
(Sunday), December 17. at 1 o'clock p. m..
. from the residence of her son. 1572 Howard
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BIASOTTI— In this . city. Deoember 15. 1905.
Domenico Blasotti, beloved husband of Mary
and devoted father of Louisa. - Ida, Domen-
ico and Rose . Blasotti. a native of Caranza.
Geneva, Italy, aged 60 years.
: ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his lata
residence, 2U21 San Bruno avenue. Interment
Italian Cemetery. PET*!
BRERETON-In this city. December 14, 1905,
at St. Mary's Hospital. John Brereton. a
native of : Clonlee. Kings County. Ireland,
aged tl years and 7 months. A member of
the Rlgg«r»' and Stevedores' Union.
GJr .friends and /acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:15 p. m.. from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 866 Mission
street, th«nce to St. Francis Church for ser-
vices at 1 p. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. A requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of bis soul Monday, December
18. at St. Francis Church, commencing at
r 9 a. m.
BYRNE— In this city. " December 18, 19C5.
at her residence. 906 Harrison street. Rose,
beloved wife of the lata Patrick Byrne, and
lovln* mother of John P. and Jennie T,
Byrne and Mrs. F. Brennan, a native of
County Monaghan. Ireland, aged 67 year*
R months and .22 days. (New York and
Boston, Mass., papers please cooy.)
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
COGGER— In this city. - December ,19. 1908.
Jchn Henry, beloved son of the laU Joha
and Elizabeth Cosser. and loving brother ot
Mrs. JUrnea Fitzgerald. Mrs. F. CNetll.
Thomas W. and tn« lato Edward Cogger, a
native of Newburyport, Mara., aged 89 years
and 8 months. (Lowell and Newburyoort.
Mass. . Dat*T9 Dlease copy.)
{[7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mcrrow
(Monday), at 8:15 a. m., from the parlors of
McFadden. Mcßrearty &\u25a0 Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a requiem
high mass will -be celebrated for tea repo3»
of hU *oul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CRABB— In the City and County Hospital.
- December 16, 1905, Annie' Crabb. a nativa
of England, aged 63 years.
FINCH— At St. Patrick's Rectory. San Jose.
- C&l.. December 15. 1909. Mrs. Marcaret
r Finch, relict of. the late John Finch, beloved
, sister of Sadie Dowdell. Mrs. Henry Haas
and Robert Dowdoll. and housekeeper to Rev,
Father Lally. a native of Kansas, aged 47
years and 2 months. . (Kansas City, Kans.,
papers please copy.)
G7 Interment at Htywards this (Sunday)
afternoon, at 2 o'clock, from All Saints
Church.
FRANICH— In this city.- December 15, 1905.
* Marko - Franlch. a native of Austria, aged
-)'.« years.
GREENE— In this city. December 16. 19C5."
Susan W. Greene, a native of Wlckford.
Rhode Island, aged 81 years.
GRIFFIN — In Oakland, Cal., December 15,
19C6, at 977 Willow street. Sarah Griffin, be-
loved mother of Mrs. E. A. Turn bull and
E. W. Griffin, a native of Manchester; Eng-
- land, aged 79 years 4 months and 21 days.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), December 17. at 1:30 o'clock
p. m.. at her late home, 977 Willow street.
West Oakland.
GRUNNAGLK— Entered into rest. December
15, 19€5, Henrietta L. Grunnagle, widow of
the late George Grunnagle, and beloved
mother of George L. and Jacob U. Grunnagle
and Mrs. 11. M. Owens, a. native of Pitts-
burg. Pa., aged 73 years and 10 months.
CTFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the luneral services
Sunday, at - p. m., from the residence of
H.'-M. Owens. 047 Hayes street. \u25a0 Interment
jirlvate. *
HARRINGTON— In this city. December 15.
19C5, Elizabeth Marcella. dearly beloved wife
or Timothy J. Harrington, dearly beloved
mother of Madeline Rose Harrington and de-
voted daughter of Hannah and the late David
. Keefe. a native of- San Francisco.
E>'The funeral will take . place . to-morrow
(Monday) at 9 o'clook a.'m., from the par-
lors of C*rew * English. !» Van Ness aye-
' £ nue.". thence : to . S t. • Mary' s . Cathedral, where
a requiem hlghi mass will be celebrated for
\u25a0 the reyoae of her soul, commencing at 0:30
o'clock. Interment urlyate. Holy Cross
Crmetery. by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero itreets. Kindly omit
flowers. ' -
HATHEWAY— In Manila. June S. 1906,
Mamie, wife of E. L. Hatheway, mother of
Leonard Hatheway, daughter of the late
Mathew and Ellen Cleary, slsrter Of J. M..
W. M.. T. H. and the late Edward Cleary
and Mrs. H. C. Smith of Belmont, and niece
of Mra. William English of Vallejo, CaL, a
native of Virginia City, Nev., aged 23 years
and 3 • months.
Cy The funeral will' take place Sunday,
December .17, at \ o'clock p. m., from the
parlors of Carcw & English, 2!) Van Ness
avenue, thence to St. Ijrnatius Church for
\u25a0\u25a0 services. Interment private. Holy Cress
Cemetery.
KEEOAN — In Santa Monica, December 13.
1005. Marcaret. beloved moth-sr of Rosie
. Keegan. a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
K^The funeral will take place to-day
'\u25a0" (Sunday), December 17. at 1 o'clock *p. m..
from the parlors of McAvoy. O'Hara & Co..
1 261-271 Hayes street, opposite St. Isnatius
\u25a0•* Church. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage.
KULLMANN— In this city, December 14, 1905.
Simon, ' beloved husband of the late Rosa
Kullmann, beloved father of Jules and Leon-
ard Kullmann. and brother of Maurice Kull-
mann of Paris, France: Leopold Kullmann
of Strassburg. - Alsace, ' and the late August
and Jacques . Kullmann, . a native of Alsace.
aged.tiS years 2 months and 1 day. :
(CFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully . Invited to ' attend tho funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p.- m.. \u25a0 from his lata
reajdence, 2625 Clay street. . Cremation Odd
. • Fellows' Cemetery.
LANPHER— In this city. December 15, 1906,
Agnes, beloved wife of the late Chariest 'A.
Lanoher. a native of Port G lasgow, Scot-
land, aged 80 years 6 months and 22 days..
. C~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully -Invited; to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m., at her
late residence. 4225 Twenty-fourth street.
. . between * Diamond and Douglass streets. - In-
terment " private. St. John's Cemetery, San
' Mateo - County. ;-
LEWIS— In- Jlonolulu, December 15. 1905. Da-
vid Oldham : Lewis, medical Inspector -United
States Navy. . a native of England. (Eastern
, papers please copy.)
MARXEN— In this city, December 16. 19C3,
' Mary M.. beloved wife of Nicolal Marxen,
and mother of Mrs." Mary .Miller. ; the lata
- James and William Dolan. and Freddie Krone
and John Fasan, a native of Scotland.
MORI ARTY— In Oakland. . Cal.. December 14.
]Bos, Mary E., dearly beloved; wire of .Louis
. W. '•; Morlarty. beloved daughter of Mr. - and
Mrs. Patrick Heverin, , and = darling ; sister of
. Rev. r Thomas P. Heverin. . Margaret and Te-
resa Heverin '\u25a0 and •. Mrs. Robert E. Maddern.
a native 'of Pittsburg, ' Pa., ' aged 33 years
3 months and 25 days.
CiTFriends are \u25a0 respectfully Invited to at-
tend the \u25a0 funeral Monday, December. 18. at
0:30 "o'clock a. m.. from her late residence.
1535 West Ftreet. thence to St. Francis, de
Sales Church, ; where a 'solemn requiem high
HENRY J. C A L L AC H ER CO.
(Successors .to Flannagan ' A Gallagher).' '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMER3.
\u25a0 "20 Fifth ' st., = opposite Lincoln School.
•-. c Telephone -South. 80. .'--
LJNITBO UNDERfAKBRfe,
- Funeral - Directors and .' Embalmers- — — —
.Formerly in i Metropolitan Temple. ".
NOW AT <\u25a0 866 MISSION.' Tel. South 187.
Between Fourth and • Fifth,* near Fifth st. .
. : Finest . Equipments at i Moderate , Rates.
TELEPHONE MAIN 43.
;N.GRAY ; &C(). v ine
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
Cyrus S. Wright."- president ; ' Geo. H. Clark.
Vice -president: fAI ; P. . Booth,-; treasurer: Harold
_.yWrleM:i secretary. . ,
;eiS-Ct4 VAN: NESS AVENUE.
Betwetii Gnlden Oete avenue and Turk street.
SAN; FRANCISCO. -CAL.
jivicAVpy, iO'Hara&Cp.
J FUNEItEAI/ DIRECTORS. *
*{?• - Removed to .Their New Parlors, "
! i 261-271 fiAYlS.' Sii*»jp.bl-. x lSii.llo3oHracH
I . I ;;'* J Lady .."Assistants.' Telephone, South 247.
Iriry JamesiMcGlnn.-r-" < Henry* Hansen. -
\u25a0JAMES JIcGINN/_: CO.;;
'\u25a0.\u25a0'l Formerly,^ With' McGinn Bros.
Funeral •\u25a0\u25a0 Directors - and *. Embalmsrs— —
; \u25a0 214 JEddy. Bt.V'' Ter East 88.
CEMETERY PLOTS.
i In : Odd ; Fellows' and , Masonic (Cemeteries caa
\u25a0. ba exchanged for Plots In
I "„__;.' MOUNT OLIVET.
I For particulars -apply /at' City .Office,
I GRANT BLDO.. MARKET - SEVENTH ST&
maa, will.bo oa-bratad for **"'* 9e gj£.
bar souL commencing at 10 y cloak. inx-"-
ment St. Mary's Cematery. Oaklaml..
MULLDfS— In this dty. : Deoembar X«. W£
Mary J., beloved wife of M. H. Mullta*
mother of Minnie and MarguertW 2* u^ ln *
and daughter of the late Thomas and Anne
O'Day, a native of Sacramento, Cal.. agaa
" 45 years. . • \u25a0 '
CT Remains at the parlor* of McTaddsa.
' Mcßrearty _ Green. 1171 Mission «tr««t. b«-
tween Seventh, and Eighth. ,
MURPHY— In this city. December I*. I 90 3;
Edward Murphy, dearly belovad brother of
Lawrence and William Murphy and Mrs.
Margaret Koas of San Francisco, and Mrs.
W. O. Smith of San Rafael, a nativ* of
County Wexford. Ireland, aged 56 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attsnd the funeral. Monday.
December 18, at 9:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of tb« United Undertakers. 866 Mission
street, thence to St. Brendan's Church, whera
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repoae of his uoul, commenc-
ing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery. ' giinatai
MURPHY— In this city. December 18, 1908.
John F.. husband of Ella Murphy, father
of Aloyslus Murshy, and beloved son of
Richard and Nora Murphy, a nativo of Ban
Francisco.
C*"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday) at 3:15 a. m., from ta* - residence
of his parents. 253 Webster street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
- mass wiil be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 a, m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLATH In this city, December 16. 1906, Anna
Caroline dearly boloved wife of John Plath.
devoted mother at John T. and Edward H.
Plath and sister of Mrs. Henrtette KieJ. A.
Wameoke and the lata Mrs. N. Wtebalk. a
native of Bremervoerde. Germany, aged 6*
years 3 months 2S days. A member c
Schuetzen Ladles' Club. (Brooklyn papers
please copy.) ... . *.-"
E3r The funeral service* will be beM to-
morrow (Monday), Deoember 18, at a p. m.. *
at b«r Ute residence. 1705 Ellis street, corner
Stelner. Cremation. 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PODESTA— In this city. December 18. 1905.
SteDhen. dearly beloved husband ofAnae-
taeta Podesta. father of Clotilda Podeata.
and stepfather of John and Loul» Staxla ana
Mrs. Palmira Blgnotti. a native of CMavart,
Italy, aged 49 years. A member of Phoenl*
Grove No. 179, U. A. O. D. ;
ICFriends and aoqualntanc»« are reeoeci
fully noUfled that the funeral t_lt»» place
on • Tuesday. December 1&." at 10 a. m..
from the parlors of Valente, Marlnl * Co..
1521 Stockton street. th«nce to Sts. Peter
and Paul's Italian Cnurch for service*, thence
to the cemetery. Interment private.
PORTENER— In this city, December 18. 19*».
Florencla Portener. beloved mother Of Mra.
- A. D. Spllvalo. Herman Portener and Th<?o.
Portener. and grandmother of Kate Spltvaio.
Mr». L. G. Salomon. Mrs. D. J. Martin,
A. D. Spllvalo Jr.. E. R. Splivalo. Mrs. A-
Shaw, O. M. Splivalo, H. B. Btrtivalo and
Fred Portener, a native of Mexico, aged mi
years and t» montba.
CTFrlands and acqu_iaUaces are respeeV
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Bunday). December 17, at 10 o clock a. m..
from her late residence. iI(H Van Nese ave-
nue. Interment private,
PORTER— On Leona Height*. Deoember 13,
180 ft. Alice Bolton- Porter, beloved »<*£•*•
of Mrs. E. A. Pesoll. Mrs. J. D. aroalley
and Mrs. R. E. Crane, a native of Ontario.
Canada.
E7Funeral private.
RHODE— In this -city. Deoember 14, 1905.
Frank Rhode, beloved husband of tha late-
Louisa Rhode father of Mrs. T. S. Kast
and Mrs. F. J. Straub. and brother of Peter
and August Rhode and the Rev. Father C.
Rhode, a native of Germany, aged 65 year*
2 months and 14 days.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from tae parlor.*
of McFadden. Mcßrearty _ Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Boniface's Cnurch. where ser-
vices fIU be held at 1 p. m. Interment Hot?-,.
Cross Cemetery. A requiem high, mass wlli -
be celebrated Monday. December IS. at *
a. m.. at St. Boniface's Church, for the re-
\to9» of hi» souL Frtends are invited.
ROUSE— In this city, December 14» 1908, Wil-
liam P.. beloved eon of Annie Garavln Rouse
and the late Thomas Rouse, a native of San
Francisco, Cal.. aged 23 years 2 month* and
- 14 days.
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 m., from the parlors of Mc-
Fadden. Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Patrick's Church for aervlcesL Inter-
ment Holy Cross Omstery. A requiem bigb
mass will be celebrated Monday, at 0 a. m..
at St. Patrick's Church, for the repose of
hia soul. Friends are Invited.
SCOULEK— In this city. December 14, 1903.
James Ralph Scouler. husband of Celesttna
Scouler. father of Adelaide Scouler. and eon
of Lydla A. and the late James Scouler. a,
native of San Francisco.
(C7"The funeral services' will take placa
to-day (Sunday),- at -10:15 o'clock a. m.,
from the parlors of Valente, Martni _ Co.,
1524 Stockton street, thence to I. O. O- F.
Cemetery. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
SHACKELTON— In this city. December 11,
1905, Christiana Barbara, beloved wife of tha
late William T. Shackelton, and mother of
William, George and John Shackelton anil
Mrs H. A. Cramer, a native of Germany,
aged 70 years 11 months and 0 day 3.
[7Frtend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). December 17. at 10 o'clock a. m..
from the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
\u25a0Undertaking: Company. 2475 Mission street,
thence by electric funeral car from corner of
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 10:30
a. m. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. '
SLACK— At rest. In thl9 city. December 15.
1905. Emily F- Slack, beloved mother of Mra
M. H. Mayberry. Walter X.. Edgar S. and
the late Ellard D. Slack, and erfeter of Mrs.
F. W. Parker and .the late George W. Da-
vis, a native of Maine, in her alxty-itxtii
year.
(C~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th«* funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from h«r
late residence, 3139 Twenty-second street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via elec- I
trie funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
. rero streets.
STONE^ — In Los Angeles, Cal.. December 11,
19C5. Walter- J. Stone, dearly beloved hus-
band of Kitty Stone, and loving ' father of
Eileen Stone, a native of San Francisco,
Cal. -
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-d;iy
(Sunday), "at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
funeral parlors of Porter & White. 445 Golden
Gate avenue. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.' via the electric funeral 'car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero «rcet».
SULLIVAN— In this city. December 15, 1905.
Delia, dearly beloved wife of the late Daniel
Sullivan, and devoted mother of John \u25a0 J.,
William D. E-, Ida T. and Gertrud« N.
gulllvan. Mrs. A. C. Plumb, and tha late
Frank J. Sullivan, and eister of Mrs. Mary
Edward** and Mrs. J. B. Erb. a native of
Valentia. . County Kerry. Ireland, aged &8
' 'years 7 months and 12 days*.
C7Tbe funeral win take I place Monday.
December IS. at S:3O a. m.. from her Ist*
residence, 119 Chattanooga street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, thenc? to
Bt. Jamea Church." where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for tha repose of her
soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
.-et«ry. \u25a0 - .:
VOTTA— In the City anil County Hospital.
December 16, 1905. Joseph Votta. , a native of
Italy, aged 52 years.
WESTON" — In Oakland. Cal.. December 15,
1905. William, beloved husband of Emily A.
Weston. and father of Mrs. H^A. Noblo
and Mtlo H. Weston of Oakland and John A.
- Weston of San Francisco, a native of Knj-
\u25a0 land.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ' attend the funeral »tvUcu
this (Sunday) afternoon. December 17. at
2 o'clock, at hia late home. 510 Seventeenth
- street, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland. .
WOOD— December 16, 1905, Ralph W. Woodi •
beloved husband of Alice Egan Wood, father
of Vera. Howard. Jessica and Raich. W.
Wood Jr., and beloved son of Uriah and
Phoebe "Wood of San Jose, aged 35 years.
C~The funeral will take place from the.
family residence at San Jose, Cal., Monday,
December IS. at 1:30 p. m.
CARD OF THANKS.
.-^1 wish to thank our many friend* for
their beautiful floral offerings, sympathy and
' kindness In my late bereavement of loving
husband. "*-*-•
MRS. KATIE TTEDEMANN.
GHAS. H.J.TRUMAN & GO.
Th« Leading .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS
, Of San Francisco.
1909 MISSION STREET
Bet." 15th and 16th. Telephone Mission , 108
Memorial to Gladstone.
i" Earl' Spencer jis to preside at the ttn
veilinc In London of the* national
memorial of the late Mr. Gladstone on
October 21. and the ceremony will be
performed in ! the presence of a repre
sentative assemblage of politicians and
civic notabilities. Invitations are be
ing sent '„ out, but the ' programme ha?
not yet been settled. .„ Statues; of. the
deceased - statesman already exl3t la
Westminster Abbey* and the central
hall in the';houses of T Parliament, .the
former^ having been; erected at the pub-/
lie expense , and „ the . latter :by privat_JL.
subscription. .This national :memorlSj7""
however, is .note to be a statue only,'
but an Important V monumental group.
The bronze statue itself represents Mr.
Gladstone) in- theVplcturesque ' robes of.
Chancellor} of "the and ls !
said to be an impressive rendering of
a fine personality.— Pi ttsburgPresfcGERMAN WOMEN
OPEN NEW CLUB
Ks(ablish i4 Lyceum,"
Be International in
Cnaracter and Methods
NOTABLES ABE MEMBER
Will Be of Special Interest
to English and American
Ladies Who Travel Abroail
Special IMspatcs to The C«n
BKELIN. Dec I€.-By far the most im
portant and significant event in the world
«t «v omen's clubs that has taken place
ia iomc time is the organization and
opening of the new "Lyceum" in Berlin.
This is the eecond in a series of women's
clubhouses wiuch it is Intended to make
international and it is »eculiarly signlfl
casit tliat Germany has been eelected, or
rather, rejected itself for the purpose.
Before the London "Lyceum," about
which so mnch has- been written, was
established, vow mere than a < year ago.
its original or and founder. Miss Con
stance Smedlcy, came to Germany and
was Eursrisfd nt the enthusiasm evinced
in her.'xtUm for a world's federation of
workers, with centers in all the
Jarge cities of both continents. A meet
. Ing was call«d. at which it ' is safe to
say that every woman of prominence in
Germany who happened to be In or could
coma to Berlin was present. The meet
ing • was presided over by the novelist,
Gabrlelle Renter, while Bertha yon Sutt
ner, Osslp Schubin, Ida Boy Ed and other
\u25a0writers of distinction also were present.
The social world was represented by
Princess Feodora of Schleswig-Holstein.
a sister of the German Empress; the
financial world by Frau yon Arnlm, and
among others were the members of the
Mendelssohn family and the American
Mrs. Israel. Two hundred members were
enrolled and the result of that meeting
was the recent opening of what is un
\u25a0 doubtedly the finest woman's club in Eu
rope. :\u25a0-.-; ";>.v
A stately club bniiding has been leased
for a term oi twenty years in the most
central part of the city at a rent of $60,
•XX) a year. There are three large dining
rooms, a library and writing-room, which
looks- out upon the garden, and extensive
drawing-rooms, which may be thrown to
gether upon occasion. A permanent stage
Is erected in one of these, where con
•certs, lectures and dramatic performances
will be given, and there are large salons
for art and. other •exhibits, a billiard and
smoking room, forty bedrooms and any
number of cozy "res ting-rooms** for
members-
ATTEXDAVTS SPEAK ENGLISH.
, The large retinue of servants which has
been, retained la German. To the satis
faction of the English and American
members, however, the porter and head
waiter speak English fluently. Entering
Into the clubhouse the visitor receives the
impression that *he Is In a small exclu
sive hotel. Indeed, the German women
speak of it as a hotel.
Women's clubs in Germany have here
tofore been widely different organizations
from those of American and English
women.- Th«» fiwt-wM founded t?n years
ago under great difficulties. A second
club, formed especially to meet the re
quirements of the working woman^ has a
metnber*h!p of over 1200 and has, done
some splendid work. But, in the organ
lzation of these -the founders met wfth no
Interest or sympathy, least of all co-op
eration, from the men. In th« Lyceum
project, however, men like Dr. Jessen of
the Royal Museum of Industrial Art, Dr.
Lteberrnann of the National Gallery. Dr.
Joachim and almost all the modern writ
ers and dramatists have assisted In every
possible way.
The German women are not accustomed
to club life; club habits are not developed
as they are in England and America, and
it I* probable that the growth of the Ly
ceum will be much slower than it would
150 In any other country.' But ranch Is
"hoped from the development, of interna
tional spirit, the possibilities offered to the
different circles of society as well as to
the repres«ntatlve» of the different coun
tries meeting on a common ground of In
tellectual endeavor and interest The Ger
man Lyceum now numbers 600 members,
cf which. about 200 are Americans.-
To the American woman residing In Ber
lin the opening of the Lyceum was really
a matter of great interest. Here was a
clubhouse such as. she had been accus
tomed to. where she could enjoy the
privileges of beautiful rooms, and give
her lunches, teas or dinners at little ex
p**nsc. Despite the fact that it Is a
German club, the atmosphere Is like home
.to the cutivated woman. '. ; \u25a0
It !s most Interesting, too. from a social
sfandpoint. Here the American meets the
German women whose names have be
\u25a0c-ome familiar to her through her works
In the world- of art. music or letters, or
society, -or in connection with great social
land progressive . movements that are
be<ng carried on by organizations which
niAnber thousands of • members through
tofit Germany.
;CARMKX SYLVA INTERESTED.
Carmen Sylva, the gifted and intellect
uai Queen of Roumania, is the protector
Df the club in Germany, and on the day
of the opening a letter was receiyed from
her in which she expressed her regret
Tl'at her position forbade her following
her wishes and coining to Berlin to reside
in the club and take up active duties as
president.
The acting presidents, Frau Hedwig
Heyl and Grafin Harrach, represent the
aristocracy and the financial world of
Berlin. Grafln Harrach is the wlfeof th«
artist " Ferdinand Graf Harrach, " whose
palrlUngs are exhibited in Berlin and ex
cite much Interest every year. Grafin
Harrach occupies a high social position,
che is closely connected with the court
life in Berlin and is one of the most so
cially influential ami charming women In
.the empire. ERA
Frau Hedwig Heyl. who is already well
Jsnowo in America, was one of those who
made the International Congress of Wom
en,which convened In Berlin in June, ISO 4,
each a. brilliant success. She It was whose
superb management of the reception of
the delegates and arrangement , for their
comfort caused Mrs. May "Wright Sewell
to refer to her mi her opening speech as
the "gute Deutsche hausfrau," of whom
we all hear so much: Frau Heyl estab
lished the poor kitchens in Berlin and
broke through walls of prejudice and op
position to introduce the teaching of
housekeeping and domestic science in the
public kindergartens and schools. Frau
Heyl possesses great wealth, which she
uses with rare discrimination,' and her
judgment on public affairs In ' the world
of women is considered as final.
SI R&. TOWER ATTEJf DS.
The name of Helene Lange, the leader
of the moderate party in the woman's
movement In Germany, is too well known
in America to require further introduc
tion. Hundreds of American girls and
women are enjoying the fruits of her
years of labor to-day, for It was ehe who
'-opened the doors of the German universi
ties to women, established higher educa
tion In the girls* schools and has; raised
the position of women , students and
teachers in Germany to * one of dignity
and honor. Fraulein , Lange was : actively
interested in the , organization of the Ly
•*nm here. She i« In great sympathy with
LAWSON DENIES
HE IS BROKE
Confesses, However, That He
Is Headed That Way Un
less Market Soon Changes
TELLS OF HIS LOSSES
Says Those Most Interested
in His Affairs Know of
His' Financial Standing
Si'Pdal Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. Mass., Dec. 16.— While admit
ting that he has Just -^'clinched a mort
gage" for $850,003 on his real estate, in ad
dition to former mortgrage for $265,000,
Thomas W. Lawson to-day denied that
he Is "broke." He did confess that for j
several months he had been headed in
that direction at a rapid pace and that
unless the market changes he will
reach the goal.
"There's no use in denying it," he said,
when the question was asked, him. "Those
most interested to know already iknow it.
They know that I have been on the wrong
end of the market. It jars my sense .-of
perspicacity to have to. admit that I have
been there so long, but a fellow must find
a philosophy for that feeling when he
goes into the stock market.
"I've played my hand right out in tha'
open. I # say I^had information that a
certain condition existed and that a con
sequence has not.yet arrived, but it is as
'sure as Christmas to come, or I'm broke,
"Oh, I've heard all that before." he in
terrupted at the suggestion that many
thought his actions' were exactly in the
opposite direction from his words as set
forth in interviews, and that he was
"long" of the system's pet stocks Instead
of short of them. v
"That's the sort of a yarn that any
little fellow on the curb can start, but
the real fellows - sitting at this ' game
would write me down as an ass if I
attempted to give them such a bluff.
"They know in New York and to a
certain extent they have got ': It right. I
did set forth in my advertisement that
the $10.000,000 -which I was handling, had
suffered a loss of '$3,600,000. That was the
fact, although if you subtract the 8 per
cent dividend that I previously paid to
members of that pool the* loss Is 28 per
cent instead of 36 per cent.' You may say,
if you care to do so, however, that this
pool was made up only of Lawson and a
few assistants. I and my dose associates
subscribed six-tenths of the first pool.
The balance was made up by rich men
throughout the country who believed in
me and who could afford to lose if they
had to. The best evidence of this belief
Is the fact that when I gave notice of
a loss of $3,500,000 some of them took
their proportion, of : the additional sub
scription of $5,000,000.'* •
Lawson ref sed to give the names of
the wealthy men associated with him,
but Intimated that they are large New
York operators.- - Tii
BOOKS THAT HAVE BROUGHT
DEATH TO THEIR AUTHORS
Old-Time Methods of Punishment Were
Severe tor Writer* of ObJec T
tionublc Books. \u25a0
A young German officer who recently
wrote a no.vjel dealing with the scan
dals of araj life was promptly de
prived o* his commission by . his of
fended Kaiser and afterwards Impris
oned In a fortress. He has now. on
hi* release, a score of duels to fight,
In one or -the other* of which he is
pretty certain to lose his life. In
times gone by, however. It might eas
ily have gone even harder, with him.
For instance." so lately as In 1850 an
Austrian pamphleter named Telki was
shot at Grata for writing and publish
ing a book reflecting on the good faith
of Count Buol, the Foreign Minister.
The work was published at 9 o'clock
in the morning: at 10 it was ordered
to be suppressed; half an nonr- later
the unhappy author was being tried
by drumhead court-martial, and before
noon he had been pronounced guilty
and executed. : -yi
Daniel Dqfoe narrowly escaped a
similar fate for his "Short Way With
the Dissenters"; and as It was he was
three times stood in the pillory, be
sides suffering' all the horrors then in
cidental to a long imprisonment in
Newgate. Simon Martin in 1647 pub
lished at Paris, a.- little work called
"Thougrhts." . For co dolngr he ' was
sentenced to perform public penance in
his shirt, with a rope around his neck
and a torch in his hand. Arterward
he and his book were burned together
and the ashes thrown in the air.
The similar punishment meted out to
Servetus at Geneva because of his
book "On the Restitution of Christian
ity" is historical. By a refinement o*
cruelty the brow of the unhappy au
thor was adorned with a crown 01
straw, sprinkled with brimstone, . and
new, moist fagots were used to pro
,long his sufTerlngs.\ "Antonlus Palear
ius.- an Italian author of the sixteenth
century, had the audacity to write a
book attacking the inquisition.' He was
sentenced to be hanged, strangled and
burned. A sorry fate befell John^Wil
llams, who foolishly sent two samples
of spring poetry to King James Lt For
safety the unhappy poet : Inclosed 'his
verses' in an iron box. and James, who
always feared assassination, jumped . to
the conclusion that the latter contained
some sort of an Infernal machine.'
When the real nature of the contents
came to light the timorous monarch
and his counselors became the
Ing stock of England, and James, in
revenge, caused Williams to be hanged.
all Intellectual movements, especially that
which will tend to bring the women of the
different countries I into closer relation
ship and to a better understanding.
Mrs. Charlemagne Tower, the wife of
the American % Emba«sador,'; advocates the
club warmly and supports i all its ; func
tions with her. presence and openly ex
pressed, interest. Princess' Feodora of
Schleswig-Holstein \u25a0 is > also a member; of
the 'club. Bhe is, a writer of graceful
verse " and \u25a0-. has published a book ' under
the nora de plume of F. .Hugin, -.She is
very much in : evidence at \u25a0 the, clubhouse
whenever she is in \u25a0 residence in Potsdam.
The German Club \u25a0 has ; introduced sev
eral innovationa t which -; have not been
found J- necessary. In v - Londcn.* \u25a0 A * special
qualification for membership '\u25a0' in the Ger
man; L-yceum . haa been established for
the benefit of; the many; strangers, par
ticularly American"- students, \, who ; come
here every year. t ßesides]! the ordinary,
members ther^ are the so-called hospltan
nlnr-n, or temporary members.",* They may
enter the ; club for ' a)\u25a0 year.' ; enjoy \ all ',. Its
privileges, and \ take : , part ; in; the , literary
and musical entertainments; which h are
arranged for certain evenings "eachl week,
and the ' subscription : dinners, . which i are
given' oxice a month and at y which r one
of "the .two presidents "" presides and |.when^
ever possible - notable; guestiu are < present
\u25a0 Every woman "conriectedj -vith^theclub
feels it her ' personal duty', tp T extend '; the
hand of cordial \ fellowship ; » nd friendship
to the strangers ; who' come; fand there, is
no ques tlon 7 that ? great ;; goo d .1 will -" result
from; this' better jmutual ir understanding,
that" only -such ; an*;, International -organi
zation could make possible^ \u25a0', ' : T
THE - SAN, FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY;-; DECEMBER ,17^1905*
HAS GOOD EYES
FOR BAD MONEY
Treasury Submits All Doubt
ful Bills to Mrs.W. A. Leon
ard of Redemption Division
EXPERIENCE OF4OYEAES
Now Considered Most Expert
Detector of Counterfeits
in the Treasury Service
"You can't tell a counterfeit \u25a0bill by the
'feel,',," said Mra/Wllla A. Leonard, ex
pert money-counter and the authority on
counterfeits in the redemption- division of
the United States Treasury!Department.
••E^'ery counterfeit hasTsome Imperfec
tion^ however slight it may ! be. : This is
an acknowledged "factJt^Ntv' matter,-; how
skillful the engraver^of Tthe ; counterfeit,
no matter what process, has been used in
order to defraud the, Government, 'there is
always in the counterfeit some departure
from the genuinenote, which, as soon as
it comes to our hands,' strikes ,us as. a
blunder, but which passes without ques
tion the eyes of some ; of the most ex
perienced business men of the country. ;
"We have heard much of the detection
by-touch theory, but there Is little truth
in it. Of -course, bad money has come
into the office ; which -was detected «3
counterfeit as soon as we touched It, but
the 'feel* of the note 1b by no means de
cisive, lor many of the counterfeits we
have received have been made of genuine
paper,' mad« at the Bureau of Engraving
and Pointing,- which has been obtained by
bleaching notes of small denomination. :
KKLIE S O3V THE \ EYE.
"The only thing; to be relied upon is the
eye. The coloring of the note, Its" size;
and the work of the engraver are the
points which usually give away the coun
terfeit. The . ink / may be a fairly good'
imitation ]of that used on the genuine
note, but the note may be found to be a
thirty-second of an inch shorter or long
er, wider or narrower, than It should be.
Or it may be perfect almost in both of
these two respects and the fault lie in the
engTavlng. No. one has ever seen a per-;
fectly engraved counterfeit : note. 1 . There
have, however, ; been some very skillful
engravers among the counterfeiters; who,
if they had followed : their, trade leglti
mately t would have made fortunes.
"The 'ssoo note, series of 1869. was prob
ably the best. This note was made of
genuine paper, which must have been ob
tained through bleaching a note of small
er denomination, and was -made "by one
of the best engravers in the world. ; This
note had only two 'small defects— the fig
ure of a goddess ornamenting its face
had a badly drawn foot, and in a vig
nette of a man the genuine note showed
perfectly round buttons on his coat, but
In the counterfeit the buttons had slight
corners on them. \u25a0
"The JlOOO note, series of 1863," which
was the first - issue of greenbacks; was
also a notable counterfeit, -in fact, one
was accepted at . the treasury. • The notes
of j that issue were usually - passed in
Texas . between cattle dealers. It took \u25a0 a
long time ' for them to . reach our j office,
for. they '-had -'first to - eo> to the, sub
treasury at Chicago. \ V . .'. ;'.':'; ' '.
"The- only j bad ' point of tnis* note' wad
in the spacing of the letters in ' America.
.The , genuine . note . had . a space ..between
two of , the letters j and the counterfeit
had -no epace.' It ' Would nof ; be : so , easy
to pass such a note to-day, \u25a0: however,
as we use ' tue . fiber paper. \u25a0 ,j -•
. \u25a0"l'ou have : probably heard,"' continued
Mrs. Leonard, "of the JlOOand 550 coun
terfeits . in' pen and^ ink. These .were
made by- a German lln New Jersey and
the pen work: of them was ' marvelous.
The fellow worked secretly, in a room
which was closed to every one, even his
wife and family. ,;He> became reckless
with his money, was .suspected and
caught by - the secret \u25a0 service metu This
happened in 1893." .
"Is it true that genuine plates have
ever been stolen from the bureau of en- ',
graving and printing and counterfeits
made therefrom?" ; \u25a0/."\u25a0-.- ';
"No; all stories to, that : effect are
myths. Those, plates have . always . be«n
guarded the same . as. an Emperor's jew
els. It is not possible to make away with
a genuine plate." '
CONTROVERSY OF EXPERTS.
t "Have wrong, decisions ever been made
upon a doubtful, note?" f; ''• ' ; . ;
"Well, S only one 1 case has ; come to | my
immediate notice. In I®4 aHO note was
brought to me to » be ; stamped 'good.' I
pronounced' It to be counterfeit, .but .the
Bender not agreeing with my opinion, the
note was taken through E the redemption
division, the cash : room and ';: the : secret
service division, where, with \ few -excep
tions. It was declared : genuine by. the
experts.- It was then sent to .the ' bureau
of . engraving j and J printing returned
from" there with a, typewritten certificate
of its '. genuineness. These decisions 'did
not influence me, . however, >' and I main
tained 'my posltloi ~i bo .: firmly that my
chief took it once more, on: a round of
inspection and finally found in t the cash
room its exact duplicate 1 among the coun
terfeits there. ; \ ,
"When:the note In question was ; again
brought to -the notice of < the^ man ;/ in
charge of l tne bureau,',; he • offered tto buy
it, and thus back the opinion J given.' The
chief of the redemption, , of course,' refused
to Bell it and requested \u25a0 that ; an engraver
examine the counterfeit f with' aid ; of «'a
magnifying . glass.':-: When tthia .-was done
the ; experts discovered • at : Jast > tnat ', they_
had beenmlstaken at first and the history"
of the doubtful note! was ended. ,r
: . ."In some cases mistakes have been dis
covered ', \xi : l the ; printing %of I the ./ genuine
note. v ; For • instance,: some , years ' ago f a
number ; of $50 bills \ -were discovered 7 be
longing to the \u25a0 series '\u25a0„ of ,*. 1880,^ but S which
had the legend of 1874 prin/ed upon them."
Mrs. teonard 1 has been , In {the .Treasury
since 1564, having been appointed 7 - from
Pennsylvania. ; She was soon placed In the
division of issues and became experienced
in counting, i In 18C5 \u25a0 she", was ; Urahsf erred
to the ; redemption :: < .''division » as :; ; counter;
where she has been ever since,* rising from
gTadeto herj present; position.:. ,
The detection of '< counterfeits ; Is , a : part
of 5 her regular i'wo'rk." :f All /doubtful i- bills
are ' referred : to" ; her/s and ; ! if .. genuine \ she
Btampa them :"good/i.i thus ; assuming ! all
responsibility. 11 If | counterfeit? \u25a0 they V are
marked and forwarded Ito the secret serv
lce> divlslonu *As' a" rule:. it .la"!? not; ;new
money \u25a0 that i Mrs.S Leonard • counts, but 'old
notes sent in 1 to be redeemed.^; V; :i \u25a0,;%;;.
: She has?^ counted"? more ;.v. money*--: than
would pay "i; off - the ; national -. debt* •?, ; Wh'en
asked what' was ? the' greatest ! amount she
fcad ever counted \lnt &\ day $ she ; said $12,
000,000! In^> bills ] ranging >f rom Jl'.to I $10,000.
Though 16,000 /notes ' is \u25a0 considered *a" goda
day's work*; for \u25a0 the 'most ! expert f counter/
she'has counted In'one'daV"^,ooo notes.- i
: In:, 1893 Vjapan had Jonly.; 167,000^tons
of raerchant Bteamships» J ibutjby, l the end
of * 1904 i; herimercan tilef steamshlp?fleet
numbered [122* I vessels r 6f laggre^
Kate tonnasre.7:' This !,was7af terj su fferingf
a ! loss of 71,000 ;: tons ' by.Uhe Iwar.":;1 war." : ; "/.r '
SPIPPING INTELLIGENCE.,
:\u25a0 \u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0 arrived/; '-.';.\u25a0"':\u25a0-'{:':\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.
,'\u25a0•".' .•' < ".Saturday, .December 318. i£,
; \u25a0. Btinr » Fro ncls >' H £ Lesgett;\ Reiner. Uso ihou re
from \u25a0•Eureka, 1 bound n for,;" San * Pedro. :. -j out \u25a0•• In
:wlth*Bris)"li>.' Samaritan. \u25a0\u25a0 '.*,' -",.'\u25a0 ~~ "'". v;v- v-*. .*.;
r.Br. ship .'WhitHebura."Bartlett,: 185 days from
Cardiff.: ; « i'y i'r-'-V ,-;-. v >- \u25a0-. ."-,:.--'r.-"-r-"': > - ;*• \u25a0 'Or- .;\u25a0 :;i :i;
Br : ship . Samaritan. . Parker,*; 60 hours " from
Kureka, cut In to finish \ loading, ' In \u25a0 tow ; etmr
FHL-*K«U- " \u25a0 . ' I
: Fr. bark;MacMahon,'.Legoff, 211 \ day 8 \u25a0 from
Swansea. \u25a0--,•'. -'\u25a0'\u25a0 '-' : ''\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 >\u25a0</.' '\u25a0\u25a0&:\u25a0•..'\u25a0 >';'-' : .:",''/"~
: . \u25a0 :-.- . cleared;.; ; ;v
,' \u25a0 - : . \u25a0 Saturday,: December' 16.
j: Stmr Corona.' GJelow, Eureka ; ' Pj C S: S Co.
\u25a0j Br stmr Cacique, I Crossley,' Valparaiso,-; etc. ; \u25a0
W.\ R.v Grace. &• Co. ' - -- V :•--\u25a0"\u25a0 - .- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - ""^ :; vv
> Stmr Czarina; -Duggan, Comox; J. D/Spreck
elS'&.:Bros.,-Co.- \u25a0 \u25a0 -' - '
\u25a0?s Stmr Columbia.-^ Doran.'vAstorla; 1 S F' & P
5 S'.Co;-..^.-^:-;.-*.^ 1 ' \u25a0\u25a0 " :\u25a0\u25a0".•\u25a0. •' .-. •'\u25a0 \u25a0' --;: \u25a0 •.
\u25a0'\u25a0• \u25a0Br • ship i- Forteviot, Finlay,:. Port " Townsend;:
Meyer, .' Wilson •&.' Co. ••.•-• : - ' . •: ' t*&?
~--I"ug Defiance •.'Downey, 1 . Portland, '.via\Gav
iOtß: \u25a0 J." D." Soreckels &:Bros.' Co. ;. . --
SAILED. : . .
\u25a0 Saturday, ; Decembers 16. .\u25a0
.Stmr National City, Hammar, Fort Bragg.
'£ Stmr \u25a0 Samoa, :\u25a0 Madaen, • Caeper. :.. .- ;\u25a0. . • :
, Stmr Queen, Couslnn, , Victoria, etc. :. \u25a0
\u25a0j Stmr .Francis H.Leggett,' Reiner, San Pedro.
Stmr ' Bee, Krojr, '\u25a0 Portland. \u25a0 - - =
, Stmr Corona, - Gielow, Eureka.
StmrLWblttier,' Dlckson. Astoria. ".- .
'Stmr 1 Coronado,-Lundqulst, San, Pedro. ''
; i" Stmr . Westport," Hansen, < Eureka. ;. :; ,
Stmr Czarina; > Duggan, 'Oomox. • ;V" \
Btmr ' M . F - Plam,'. Nelson,:. Coos 'Bay. : - -
Stmr Watson. \u25a0Bartlett.v SeatUe. "
Stmr City of Panama; Sandberg."- Ancon.
Stmr Manchuria, \u25a0 Saunders,.* Hongkong, v etc
- Stmr ' GeorKe Loomis, \u25a0 Seddon," Port Harford.
Power schr Sotoyome, • Bash. Eureka.
Power sehr Rio Rey, . Cransrle, .'" v •
' , I Schr Monterey, Berg. : Portland/, via Gavlota,
in tow tug Defiance. ' J f
• Schr. Santiago, Anderson,- Monterey,' In -tow
tuj: Relief. , .- . ' \u25a0 \u25a0
' Tug Defiance. James, Portland, via Gaviota,
with schr Monterey in tow.
; - TELEGRAPHIC. V \u25a0
POINT LOBOS,' Dec. . 16 — 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 6 miles per hour;
.- . --..- . SPOKEN. • \u0084\u25a0 . .'-V \u25a0 .';-
Per Br ship Whitlleburn— July 14, -in lat
6 14 N, long 18 08 W,;Br; ship 'Gunford,. from
Port Talbot.- for. Iqulque. - . . \u25a0 \- ].:-.-/;
- DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT '} GAMBLE — Arrived ..' Dec - 16-^Schr
Okanogan. - from Port I-udlow. - ; -
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 16— Stmr Bruns
wick, for S«n Franolsco. i \u25a0 ' / .
• PORT LOS ANGELES-^Arrlved Deo 16 —
Stmr Wasp. . from Redondo ; '\u25a0 schr , F S ; Bed
field,' from Astoria. . i^"- :. t'A rv--
; " Sailed ! Dec 16 — Stmr \u25a0..Wasp, for. San : F"ran
clsco. \u25a0*t - / ' '- -• \u25a0- \u25a0 . .'.* ' - v *"• - - i " '
REDONDO-^-Salled Dec 16^-Stmr Wasp, • for
San Francisco. - • - " - .:
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived ; Deo V 16 — Schr
Charles R Wilson. < hence Dec 1; schr A B
Johnson, hence Deo. &. _•'. '> _\u25a0 -\\ -^ .'^-i. 'J.
\u25a0 Sailed Dec 16— Stmr Olympic, for San-Fran
cisco.'- \ '\u25a0 ' V' - ' 'i --
SEATTLE — Sailed Dec 16 — Str Dakota, for
"aSTORIA— Arrived Deo 15^-Schr Robert B
Hind.: from San Pedro... v.:;;-.::^; ' v
Arrived Dec 16 — Br ship '.\ anduara, » from
Antofaeasta. Outside Deo , 16— Fr ship Asle,
from Hobaxt. ' . : \u0084 \u25a0\u25a0>'\u25a0' -_y
\u25a0 Arrived Dec 16-^Stmr Alliance, from - Eu
pgVa \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . - \u25a0-\u25a0 '\u25a0'• -'\u25a0\u25a0.-\u25a0 •- : ------ \u25a0-',' \u25a0 .'
\ EUREKA— SaiIed «Deo 15— Bktn J L Evls
ton.-for Manila, not San Diego. , .. •
ISLAND PORTS. :
- MANILA— Sailed . Dec 18— U 8 stmr . Sher
man, for San Francisco. .\u25a0 „ . -^i -„ \u25a0
f HONOLULU — Arrived * Dec IB— Stmr Roee
crans/wlth ship Marion Chilcott In tow,. from
Mont?rey ' \u25a0;\u25a0"\u25a0 : FOREIGN PORTS. : '^
ANCON— Sailed Dec 16 — Stmr Newport,, for
Ban Francisco. \u25a0' ; -\u25a0 ;•; '._\u25a0\u25a0,: ;
• MONTEVIDEO— Arrived Dec 12r-Br - stmr
Baroda, hence Sept 8, via Mollendo. V .
:...\u25a0'\u25a0'<.'.'.\u25a0 OCEAN STEAMERS.. r
NEW YORK — Arrived - Deo 16 — Stmr Etru
ria, from Liverpool; stmr St. Paul, from South
ampton; st»r MaJn. from Bremen; stmr Mln
netonka, from London.. -ii. \u25a0 -1 '*?" „
: -HAVRE— Arrived Dec-- 16 —^Stmr La G«s
cogne. from New York. • \u25a0 \u25a0• '-.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Deo 16 — Stmr St.
Louis,, from New York; \u0084 V ,•, •
Memoranda.
Per Fr bark MacMahon — Had a * succession
of W and SW gales oft the Horn for 90 days;
carried away =• fore and : main - topmasts back
stays: blnw away two suits of ; calls ;. and did
considerable damage to rigging.,'-/ -'*.'-«-• "~
Per Br Bhlp Whitlleburn.* from Cardiff, = Dec
16 — Sailed from Cardiff June 14; was 42 days
to the equator, which we crossed in f long 20
W:.irat the SE trades In lat 1 N and carried
them to lat \u25a021 S ; had westerly winds \u25a0to lat
50 S: passed Cape of Good Hope Aug 18; had
southerly and northerly - winds to New- Zeal
and : passed New Zealand \ Sept 25 ; had •NE
winds to the equator, which we crossed on Nov
24 In long 127 W; got the NE trades In lat
11 N and lost them In lat 28 N; thence t»
port hadSSE wir.da ";'.;."
Additional Commercial News
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— 1 U S Steel pfd."... 105
Call loans ...... .7@B "Westnghse . Com. . 87%
Time loano 5%@6 Mmmg — . V. ;
\u25a0'; J3onds — ,- I Adventure ....... "7 "':
AtchUon 4a .....101% Allouez ;-......... 41*4
IDo adj 45. .'. . .. »3 Amalgamated S : . -100%
Mfi Central 45.. 79 Am. Zinc ........ 10
Railroads— Atlantic ......... 23%
A.tchlson . ... 87% Blngham ..;...-.. 30%
'Do pfd ".'. . ... . .104U Calumet & Hecla.72o =•-.
Boston & Albany. 253% I Centennial Y...7.V29 *
Jk Malae.l7l Copper! RangeC~.. 81%
Boston Elevated.ls4 Daly "West?..'.'.'. ."l 7 - •
FltcnbnrK-p<dfi-.141% Dom Cot^:.. ..~- 80 -
Mcx Central 1 ..:.. 23% Franklin -v:.. -..'.. 17%
NT'N H & H..19f% Granby •-.\u25a0.*". .V...... 10
Pere Marquette.. 60 - I«le Royale"-~.'... 23%
Union Pac :..... 144% Mass Mining;.". ..10
Miscellaneous — .". Michigan ........ 16%
Am Arge Chem.V 24 3 Mohawk . . ..... . . 63
.Do pfd :....... 92 Mont C & C... 4%
Am Pneu Tube. . 10% Old Dominion ... 33
Am; 5ugar. ':...'. .151% Q5ce01a*. ".::..... 107 -
Do Pfd . . . .". . . .139 Parrot .........: 33
Am Tel & Te1.. 130 Qulncy '......:. -..109
Am Woolen '.. ...44% Shannon ..*...... ---7%
rDo pfd ........105 Tamarack V..."... 122
Dom I & Steei... 27 " Trinity ...... .... 11
Mass :\u25a0 Electric. . . 15% United Copper . .69%
Do pfd ........ 59% U S Mining.. . 40
1 Mats Gas ..... 46% U S 0i1. ...... .i.. » •>
United Fruit ...134% Utah ........V... 56%'
Un Shoe Mach.. 73 - Victoria 9V t
'Do pfd ........ 31 Wlnona "......... 7%;
U S 5tee1........ 38 Wolverine .......134 , '
• ;; - - THE COPPER; STOCKS.. : : - ; - \u25a0
BOSTON^ Dea 16.— The market to-day con
tinued very active, but showed little change In
prices. I A few celling orders came In Old Do
minion and ! North Butte, ; but the price of, both
rallied at the close. The volume of business is
good.- ::'.\u25a0':\u25a0:\u25a0.-.:!..\u25a0\u25a0',:\u25a0' -...;v- \u25a0.'\u25a0;\u25a0'',.'\u25a0,' .\u25a0\u25a0"'\u25a0 :\u25a0'.:„\u25a0\u25a0.:
The Chicago Inter; Ocean says : 'I . Varlons re
ports supposed 'to I account : for , the I sharp ad
vance In the common ' stock . of United Copper
Company are <In circulation,' among : them • one
that - negotiations | for I the . sale of the property;
to .the I Amalgamated ' Copper Company - have
been resumed. ...The. rise is largely due- to "ex
pectations ' of \u25a0 an I Increase j in \u25a0 the ? dividend ; on
the common stock this muncn, and prospects of
a continued Increase \u25a0 In earnings, which are
now, larger than ever before. A report "of the
company says the earnings this month will. b«
In excess of $300,000. - The United Copper Com
pany .In no month so far nas received an aver
age " of , 17 cents -for Its * copper. \u25a0
New, rVork ; Grain and Produce.'
NEW YORK, Dec IG.-r-FLOUR— Receipts,"
450; exports, 10,600;; sales, 800 packares." Mar
ket dull. '> Winter patents. $4 '20@5 50; ,do
straights,'. $4 3005 10; Minneapolis,
$1 60<3'5;* winter extras, ,$2 85@3 2*; 9 bakers",
$3 Co®3 90; winter • low grades, $2 TB®3 20. " -
\u25a0.-1 .WHEAT— Receipts, 178,000 ."bushels;? Bales,
1,300,000 bushels , futures. - Spot, .easy; No. 1
red; 02% c elevator;! No. -2 red.i94%0:f." 0.b.,
afloat; ' No., It Northern Duluth. 95% c f.'o. b.
afloaL No. 1 hard ; Manitoba, ; nominal, ' f .'-\u25a0 o. b.
afloat. "The early -wheat market developed con-
Bidera ble I weakness under active i Western sell
ing, bearish Argentina crop news and< offerings
for . Southwest account; This was % followed by
a rally, near the close, on, covering-, i Last prices
were nevertheless»i4c • to %o net ' lower. <\u25a0\u25a0 Sales'
included \u25a0 No. 21.2 1. red May. \u25a0\u25a0 02*4^93140, ~i closed
923ic:M December .closed at .950. n '•-•\u25a0- -
" HOPS— Steady. - Paclflc Coast, . 1903, ' 10®14o i
1904," 9<Sl2c; olds,, 6@So. \u25a0\u25a0- '\u25a0;-.• -.. -^\u0084,
HIDES— Firm. California, 21025 pounds, 21c
WOOL— Steady.
W PETROLEUM— Steady. ; . "." t
v COFFEE— The « coffee .' market showed ' signs
of - further .weakness j during the' early part <of
thig \ week, •\u25a0 mainly * on » the continuation' of I fur
ther/ selling iby ( the ; : Wall 1 street element ' be
lieved to - be ; solely.! a-, result \u25a0bf Uhose | Interests
find Ing t the stock market : more , attractive |at
the ' moment 5 rather « than Ito the '\u25a0, developments
of :'any unfavorable i turn ? In < the • general i coffee
situation. ";.-> The •- only . support i. the i market \u25a0- re
ceived I during >this weakness i came s from >- Eu
rope. » 'The* legitimate spot situation continues
strorc:.'!< :" ""-';\u25a0 \u25a0 "'•;\u25a0-' -/ : -'• • \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0••'\u25a0•.".•\u25a0.', ...a "'.-—:\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0
\u25a0' « Futures closed steady at a . net • advance v of
10®20 \u25a0.. points.' .c Sales, -f 37,750 \u25a0: bags, y. including:
January tJ at- 0.40®«.45c;# March, ; «.50@6.65c:
May,'- 8.75® 6.50c; : July. . 6.90 c; . September, 7.05
07.10 c; October. \lJiSc:>r \u25a0\u25a0;:\u25a0*. : -:. >-• n\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0--.; - \u25a0. ,-, ;
-f Spot Rio, -steady; ' No. 7 Invoice, 7%a. MUd
quiet; C0rd0va.. 9%5J12%c. \u0084 •:' .-;.' ,-.-'- . v \u0084 j
s - SUGAR — Raw, »v steady; *, fair reflnlng,"; Bttc;
centrifugal, 1 96 test, 3%c; . molasses sugar/ 2%c.
«eflned. ; eteady ; a No. ? 6,^ 4.10 c; ? No. a 7/ 4.06 c;
.No - 8, . 4c ; ' No.-j 9. \ 3.95 c; No.'= 10,* 3.90c; i No. 11, ;
3. 85 c; ? No."t. 12, > 3.80c ; -1 No. v '- 13, 3 3.75 c; * N«. -' 14,
3.75 c * Conf ectloti^rs 1 :- A; J . 4.55c; f mold t A.'j 5.05 c;
cut loaf, 5.40 c; crushed. ; 5.40 c; powdered,"! 4.80 c;
Kranulated.7 4.7oc; tcubes, 1 4.05 c .. .- ; *.' , \u0084
BUTTER-^-tlnchansed.- ''.;,"
CHEESE-^-Unchanred. ' .
•'."EGGS — Unchanged. £*\u25a0\u25a0£ .- <'.-.,. ,
v EVAPORATED ~ APPLES— Th a market 'con
tinues firm s with no pressure: to 'sell. Common
aro * quoted £at s,7@Bc ; * nearly; v prime,"; 9©«i4c;
primed 9%®95ic; choice," 10% c; fancy. \ ll@l2c. I
\u25a0I PRUNES-r^Are * very I nrmly t held c with | quo
tations \u25a0 ranging : from r 4% c ; to \ Be,' according to
crade.'-i'-'V--'--"*-'*.^;'"' '.':' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 i" -~'\. -<''^\ "\u25a0.\u25a0:•'"; . ; . .'I-;-;
; 'VAPRICOTS '— - Are in : " moderate ... demand."
Choice, ' B%Q9o; .extra ; choice, .: 9H@loci fancy,'
11"4@13c.-^'"- fT --.,J/' I v---v;ut.-*'~ ; :, -t-i-riii \u25a0\u25a0 : v\. \u25a0_'\u25a0-. \u25a0
V PEACHES— Are )i quiet, - with l -.- extra '-.- choice
quoted rat % 10c; * extra ; fancy,', 10"4@llc.: !
\u25a0j% RAISINS— Are '.unchanged, -.r Loose = muscatel
are f quoted ?at3 5%®7%c;» seeded, raisins,* B»4@
9c- London layers, $1 60.V- ' v / ;.
Exports '; and I Imports.
NEW 'TORK," ? Dec. \u25a0 It— Total i< imports eof
riierchand ise £ and .: dry. goods sat C the * port £of
New i York "-' for I the ; week S ending: ; to-day twere
valued i'at s sl2.&a.6lß.?^ ; vr;->.T^vr;V-..^- v ..^,- 1 «^. :
t-.Mtoal ? imports of." specie .. at the • port . of > New
York < for i the i week i ending i to-day >. were . % 22.493
silver? and i f85,099 \ gold;v^,~- ,_=;.- :^r-\::'i, \u25a0 t , <Wv
\u25a0?* Total ! exports ?:• of « specie y from * the • port ."of
' New&Yorkf f or> the t week t ending * to-day 4, were
$869,968 f silver ! and '• $14.230 * gold. 'j- :,.*/' ':;-\u25a0'\u25a0 -': "\u25a0
• ; -New* York;' MetaU Market. '<-^
NEW .YORK, 'Dec* 10.--Tha; metal * market*
were \u25a0 qquie t In '. the< absence •of : London ' cables, '
but ". prices - were "\u25a0 held ~up '- the •' recent - level. ,
Tin f was quoted. at ;s36@i3a 40. ".-• - .*' -
II Copper ; . Is 5 more I or/ less ! nominal I at .SIS 50®
19:- for £ lake < and " electroSytlc. and $18 12£ i?
18 62% ? f0r; casting. \u25a0\u25a0••• : - ' \u25a0" >\u25a0.\u25a0•;
' \u25a0 Lead was ; firm; at $5 (55©6 10, and spelter
was quoted at fC 4E®« 65.?";- i
*.:lr6n was "firm ' and unchanged,- .- '.'^
'/ SUnneiota, Grafln Market.
' MINNEAPOLIS,' Deo ' 16.'-^-WHEAT— De
cember,; 8l%c; . May.'? Ssy>c: - July," B«i%®€6^4c;
No. il -: hard, 84«4c; No. 1; Northern,? B3%c; , No.
2. Northern. -Sl%c.' r ,' :-'-\u25a0' :'.'.' "
.. St. Lout* AVool 31arlset.;:
- ST.", LOUIS, -Deer ' 10. : — 'Wool steady ; medium
grades,: combing and • clqa-ms', 26®iH>c; light,
fine, \u25a0 21@20c ; heavy. ' fine." T«@2lc; tub washed.
33@41«4c.: ' ~- - 1 - *
, . Xorthern • Wbt-nt - Markwt.
- ! . -'\u25a0 "'^: OREGON. ... . . -Y-.Y;-''.^
'/ PORTLAND, 'DeelV-18.'-"-Wheat — Export mnd
milling : club, 72c; - blue jstem, •. 74c; \u25a0 red. 68c; s
valley.-73c. - . ;. ' ' "
.. V • \ \u25a0 WASHING TON. - r
v,TACOMA; : Deci lC—WJneat— Export lc low
er;,. blue . stem; ": 74c; : club, . 72c: red, 60c .' > •
Northern lßcalncss.
' SEATTLE,' Dec. v.V- 18.— Cleartnga. ' *021,2»6 ;
balances.. |1<»,167.
:-: TACOMA,,- Dec 16— Clearings, $530,830;
balances,- $73,048. \u25a0 ~ - \u25a0 : •
PORTLAND. - Dec." 16.— Clearinss. $885,018;
balances,* $107,836. • *•. - <-• \u25a0 .'. .
. '\u25a0\u25a0: SPOKANE, « Dec. •'. 16.— Clearing* $664,681;
balances. $45,397.". • •,-,-'- ,'
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
' ' - Future ' Grain -. and : Pro visions. • .-";
- CHICAGO. Dec: 16.-^The -wheat market -was'
weak ;. from - the open tog ,-\u25a0 tw the p close.' "Bull -,
leader* '. who bad during , the last few days
given the ( market 'sufficient to prevent 1
any s material [ decline did not ! to-day resist the -
efforts o" s the bears. .. On the ' contrary, one
of the principal longs was «redl ted with sales
of ; wheat .tor a = ;conslderabl«" amount. \u25a0 This
waa the chief source of weakness, a.l though
the cablegrams .from" Argentina, bad caused
bearish sentiment;' at the opening. ' * Th« : bulk
0/ offerings, was Uaken by. sjiorta. .The mar
ket closed weak, -with b prict>a practically •at
the" lowest point of the : day.' - May \u25a0 opened
unchanged- to 14c ' lower -at SS f jA@SS%c,
slumped"^ oft ' to 87%e and closed ?4®lc- off
at $7%@SBc.- :-•>.:- - _\u25a0-•\u25a0. ' , '>-'. ' \u25a0 .;\u25a0
- The .; corn market \u25a0 was . remarkably . flrra.
The market- closed . steady. '• May i/losed '%c
' lower lat* 44% C'-'T- .>' ;:\u25a0 -'. \u25a0 '
',< \u25a0 The oats market waa easier. May closed at
82%@32%c.Va loss of %c. . >•
j-;: On ; account .{ of . active •_\u25a0 reallzlr«r by local
longs 'the. ; provisions market **'as a trifle
easier. At the close - May pork . was off sc,
lard - was down .a - shade and . ribs were a
shade lower. • : .:
.The leading futures ranged na fcftlowa: '
\u25a0^Articles — Open. • Hlgrh~ low. Close.
\u25a0'•'. Wheat No. 2— ' ; \u25a0.\u25a0."\u25a0»".\u25a0;•..: • ',\
December' .-,85%-, 85% $4% '""" 85
May :..........' 88% 88&. -87% \u25a0• 88 \u25a0
July ........... 84 . 84 ; 53% SZ%
\u25a0 Corn No. 2 — ; ' "' .\u25a0 . • . -.....-,\u25a0"-'\u25a0 :.. -
Dec. (01d)...... 46V4 \u25a0- 47-v,'j 46*4 .47
Dec. (new) .... 45V4 45^4 45ft . 45%
May ........... 44«,,' 44^ 44y t - -! 44H
July . ... ....... 44% 44% -; 44% J ii%
; Oats No. 2— : • . * . \u25a0>-
December .'.;.. 30% 30« l 80% 80%
May............ ,S2i* 32 <g 82<T 82%
July ...-.:...... 80% 80% 30% . 80*4
Mess.Pork.^ p«r bhl-^- • . - . \u25a0 . .-
January -..".....1S 00 . 13 05 13 00 13 05
May ...........13 25 13 25 '13 22^-13 25 .
Bhort Ribs, per 100 lbs— *->..,
January ....... 690 8 02% .690 . 6 92*4
May ........... 7 .12% 7 15 / 7 10 T 12%
-•\u25a0''Lard. ''per 100 lbs—
December ......'....,. .... - ...1 765
Jinuarj' ....... 7 30 7 32% *7 27% .7 82%
May. :........;. T 30, 730 T 27% 780
Ca«h Grnln and .Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. ; 16.— Cash quotations were
as follows: "'\u25a0 - -.::.;.\u25a0\u25a0' ;?/".". ;-"\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 - ' \u25a0•>'
FLOUR — Easy. "Winter patents. $3 65®3 90;
straights, $3 65@3 : 85; spring: patents. $3 ,*rs<B>=
4 10; : straights, '$3 60®3 80; No. 2 Btfring
wheat. 1 85®S8*ic; No. 3,: 83®«7c; No. 2, red,
S7%<QBB",ic; No.^2 corn . 47% c;; No." 2 yellow,
47% c; No. ,2 oats,- 30% c;. No.* 2 whlte^ S3c;
No. S -white, 31@32%<- ; < No. 2 rye, 67<r, good
feeding "barley. •88%@38%c; fair; to choice
malting. - 41@49c ; ' No. I \u25a0 flaxseed, $1 ; No. 1
•Northwestern, $1 07; mess pork, per bbU $12 "5>
©12 87%; lard, per 100 lbs, $7 52%@7 TC; short
ribs sides (loose)/ $6 57%@7; short, clear sides
(boxed), $7 12%®7 25; 'whisky, .basis of- high
wines. -$1 30; ' clover, > contract grade, $12 750
13.:'. ..:.- . ,-. ....;•-: '.. ~ .-; .-:-\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0 - :\u25a0.: -4. y.
\u25a0.-\u25a0• Articles — > ,\u25a0 '"\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '• . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....'.;..... 26.C00 17,600
"Wheat, bushels .......... 42,000 ' 24.300 -
Corn." bushels -".:;'.'.-.'...... 433. 000 122,300 .
Oats, bushels ............. 268. 6C0-— 227,000.
Rye, bu*hels .»>>»»«»«\u25a0/,,.-> 5,000 5,700; «
Barley, bushels ..'...:.*... '. 97,100 63,100: "
Butter, Cheese ; and Karsa.
'f. CHICAGO. Dec.' 16.'— On the -. Produce Ex
change to-day the butier- market was steady.
Creameries, 17023% c; dairies.' 17 ®20c. . .
*\u25a0 EGGS— Steady at. mark.- cases Included. \u25a0 18®
22c; firsts. 20c r prime firsts,' 24c; 'extras, 26c 1
CIIEESE-^Steady to firm, 11%@13c. \u25a0
REAL ESTATE-T RANSACTIONS.
.SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. , -
Margaret ' Amee to Harriet ; H. Jolllffe, lot
on N, line of Broadway, 77:6 B of Octavla
street.' E ' 60, N 125, ,W 25. 8 25. W 35, S
100;" : $10. ' . .^ '
G. W. . O'Donnell , to ; Elizabeth O"Donnell. !
lot on N line ot Turk- atreet. \u25a0 154:5 W' of i
Buchanan. ,W 25:11 by N'120;$10.
David Hamburger to D. Hamburger A Co.,
lot on N* line of -McAllister*. street. 144:6 E
of Flllmore. E55:6 by N 137:«; $10.- .
\u25a0 City. and County* of San Francisco to Hugh
i Huddleston; lot fon\u25a0 NW corner.- of :• Lombard
and ; Webster streets, . W 110 fby=\u25a0 N 100; also
lot on •SB - corner "of - Lombard and JPillmoro
Btreet«,T E 137 :6 by >S : 120; f— — . . - - . .: \u0084
- ; Same to Henry , R.% and Salemma. •M. Pat
terson, lotion N\u25a0. line jof ; Lombard street,- 110
W : of ..Webster, W, 27:6, N 1 137:6, E 137:6, S
37:6. WHO. S 100; $ \u25a0. ' ' - .
v Hugh and Louisa M. Huddleston to Glorajinl
Buzzlnl I and '\u25a0' Geanbatlsta Crossettl, lot -on N
line of - Lombard street. 82:6 W- of .Webster,
W 27:6 by N' 100; $10. .. ; -'I .\u25a0\u25a0 , :'-\u25a0
'\u25a0-\u25a0' Christina Shackleton : to John A.* Shackleton.
lot on S line of , Twenty-third ; street, 75 B
of Harrison J E 37:6 by S 104;.«lft-^- .
'John A: Shackleton to Elizabeth G/ Shackle
ton -lot; on. S* line* of Twenty-third" street, 75
E 6f- Harrison,' E. 37:6 by S 104; gift. - ; .
-v. Bridget ;; John, ; Francis ; and . Margaret Dono
hoe,^ Katie : - Marron' : and • Ellen X>. ; Green T . to
Otto -J. and*, Frances iLetpher.- --'lot 'on- B line
of Dolores : street. \u25a028N of IJuncan, 1 N : 23 by
E710O;E 7 10O; $10/-- ---:"-'.' -.' --'-:\u25a0 ':•* \u25a0 -'\u25a0" -\u25a0 ;
P Alga* C. '\u25a0'' Kelsey to A. E.'. McLachlan, lot
on '. SW, corner \u25a0of - Twenty-first , *nd Castro
streets, W^so by; B 75: $10. w :
Henrlette and Johann ; Puf ogel - (Benlng) to
Adam and Frederlcka Saner- lot on W.tlne of
Eureka street.-- 248 58 of Seventeenth," S 40
by \u25a0 W125; '$10.Vf -i \u25a0'"— \u25a0:'\u25a0- "* ~ ; .-~. \u25a0 , \u0084\u25a0,
\u25a0 Teresa -Campodonlco to \u25a0 Cora' D. Meser^-e
(wife of I. CurtW.Mot on W . ime^of , Powell
street. 92:6 S :ot Greenwich. S 22:6 by W
•f Elizabeth Wreden' to" ; J. Henry W. Brown
lnif \u25a0? lot •on ; i SW •- comer ; of Clay * and ; Mason
s?reets?'s MbylW49:6; $10.
Oeorsi* M.'andAdel« Converse ; to ilma D.
Isham * lot oh '-WJ line of Le Roy ) place. 116:6
S - of^Sacramento Tstreet. S 2l) by W 58 :0 : $10.
-;Dunker Estate Company to: Milton S. Eisner
lot an SW.^llne :of • Fremont street, 297:11
SE 45:11 by SW 137:6; $10. v
' " Oipnerts . to •E. Mandel, lot on ;BH
: street,"- 225 , SW, of Fifth,'
SW ' 23 •by- SE 1 80, :' quitclaim i deed ; • $10/^: '-\u25a0 ; :
Harvey P. J and Alborta Goodman to Charles
M Sorenson. lot' on-NW .line of ;Fol»Jp» » t < feet
125:6 NB of- BlxthrNß 82 by, NW, Bo;: slo.7^;
\u0084-Melone Company ato same, "-\u25a0\u25a0arne: $10. __ '
\u25a0«r b. and Helen C Dean to City and Coun
ty of. San Francisco. . lot on E corner of , Sev
enth^ and .Harrison .'streets. NE. 412:6' by SB
7 |ame,to same, lot on^E corner ' of Seventh
andHHarrlson streets. NE e25 by SB 550,; quit-
\u25a0\u25bc»'.^^ Joseph McLean (by Gustave
H^Umbsen," referee) \ to s Agnes \u25a0 and ? Cecilia
Hayes lot on' SW: line of. Sixth street, -150 NW
of Folsom.iNW 12:6 by.SW.ISS; $10,900. ;
Edward \u25a0'( and - ; Theodor* Lunstedt ; to \u25a0 Edward
Rolkln, lot on SW< line of Sixth street.'lsO NW.
of Fo^om,,NW-.2s'by SW-155: $36,500. ;
Ji Charles L. and Lily. F. f >Tlldenito Charles T."
; SDsder.'" lot -on :; SE \u25a0 corner .w of • Sixteenth \u25a0 and
m Haro*. streets,'- S 203:7 by E 200; $10. , ,- \u25a0
• Freda Coffey to J..W." Wright A Sons Invest
*nient - Company," lot on E line ' of . Fortieth ave
nue '\u25a0> 175 1 S ; of ! Point Lobos avenue.- S ! 37 :6 ; by,
E 130,' quitclai m $10. '\u25a0-•.. --
r* Henry t G. ,' and V Estelle -: Meyer : to . Solomon
Gets. \u25a0* lot ; on\,W s . line <\u25a0. of fourth avenue." .
176 N of.B 6treet.sN ? 2s br,W l2O; tl^W,:'S^r
'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•,8 *B." and Mary "E.';WAChappel;or.Chappelle
to i ßernard «Mtrsky,i lot; on i.W, line of.Slxteenth
avenue, 223:6; SJofBt street, ?S 39 by W120;
Jlo* c '"' :•* '\u25a0' \u25a0"-•\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - ' -— '\u25a0 : ":\u25a0 ''\u25a0
Mary 'J i S.- Luddecketo* Solomon ; Goetz. > lot
'on NW* corner *of « Fourteenth ; arenue ' and ' C
:Btreet.-'v.W;B2:B: Btreet.-'v.W;82:8 byiN;100: «10. y-^y ?^- V.;
j. Solomon and ' Dora Geti to; Martin T.,Coney,
rerecord * 2113 ; D/i 336; : lot vonV SW . corner of
Thirty-fourth ! avenue \u25a0 and 'J< street,'- W- 57:6 jby ,
* Henry » G. i Meyer to I Solomon \ Get*,"; lot on ; B
" line ; of « Fort- fifth * avenue,' 250 N of : L str e« t,
N-25by E120; $10. •-;-;: ,'V - ; ,-_- ":
<;-rißi Potter Realty to Lizzie Bro
beck. % lot i 14. i block 56. : Rels : Tract \u25a0 _erant
WArm&: Joost 'i to * Henry.i P.^and -, Gertrude. A.
Stroder * lot ionl NE S line of iVlew J avenue. . 42 : 10
NW ' of ' Romaln i street, » N W 25." NE 90. S B 25.
SW j 00,' s ' lot •5, \ block \u25a0. 14,' Market-street 'Home- .
James r and Alice '• Held '« to ' Charles , Harcourt,
lot •on? S I corner -: of* Bemls I and | Mateo | streets,
SE 25 by/ SWUl2. 'block 5, \u25a0< Mission ; and Thir
tieth \u25a0 streets Homestead k Union ; i $10/4 v ;» _ •
" MarUni K.i ß.- Duwe ; to ? John < F. 7 Sail, lot 23;
block ? 1,1 subdivision j. X, 5 Castro-street Addition ;
>V Estate of iWilhelmine' Duwa or Duve"*(by M.'
T< Hvnes. ' administrator) I to | Martin" E.* or Mar
tfn"&.-* E> Duwe,-; lot 23; block 1. : subdivision 1 .
> Bame : *" FRID AT. , DECEMBER 15: ;V;; V ; . ;
Jane ; M."s Ewell <c tol United % Realty .* Company,
lot ? on ' 3 > Un« ! of i Geary] street.l s3 .-» B] of Polk,
!B:BB:»;byA'Sfl2o;'.slo.?^#ifes^rv-:,-'.:'. ;, -..
-. i Pletro j C. T , and AmellajA.-'r Kossi^ to i Flora ; H. ;
Bloch . (wife of Ellis). • lot on N lino of Val-f
lejo • street " 150 E of -. Lacuna.. E 60 by JT.
137*6; $10. -.-••\u25a0 . \u0084-.•.•""\u25a0'.'
"'\u25a0 James .G. .and Susan • A; . Maeuire to L.- B.
Fldan.-lofon E-.'lme of Eevisadero 'Street. >.88:9
:n of Duboce^N 26 by^E 11S-J&;?1O.
' OS. B. i and Hannah Floan ta Josephine Dubs,
lot rcn a line of.ayuboee-atreet. «i:UH"*'E -of
Devlsadero. . E<34:l*i. N; 71:4%, W, 34. S to
beginning; $10. „, .--- ' •
\u25a0"••l R. D. McElroy to Clara ; Beth (wifr of
Adolph), lot ? on ': N W eornar of • Waller street
and Central Rvenue. .WSTi« by N 100; $10.
: : Adolph Beth to Clara Beth, same; gift. ,
John Burns : to L.- il.^Seeltorer. lot on >>;
line of -Masonic avenue, ,75 S of Pago street. -3j
-25 by,W CO; *10.f ..--'. . -
John and.iana^Stierlen Xo Pope Estate Com
pany, 1 lot on E line of " BaNedere street. 100
•Sot -Parnassus. E 113 S 17. "B 12. -5.115:03 i.*
W 125, If 2S; 810. \u25a0 * \u0084 : -\u25a0 - \u25a0• *"'\u25a0
. Pop* Estate ' Cnmpany. to John Stlerlen. lot
on IE ; line jof Belvedere rstreet. 100 3 of Par
nassus avenue. E H2;7*i. SB 17:4%, E 12. S
il:i%;-w 12*:7»4.NM; fio. . .\u25a0 -..
Mary 31. Ulrier 'to Mary 31. 'Christie, lot on
E Jtne otCote street 180 8 of Parnassus, S
27:0 hy iB -1(10; -.$10. .
-.""James and Susiin Conlln to Louis Leben
baum. lot on E «omer o? Howard and Thlr
tsenth streets, SE 11S:3. NE 101:6, NW 116:6,
SW 1C9 :3 «nd .nit Interest ! ln Mission, Block 16;
\u25a0?i0..-...-- :-.\u25a0:.•;- i .-, .\u25a0 - .*-\u25a0-\u25a0 -.-i c" '
- John \u25a0 Sullivan to Dora -M. Thurston. lot on
"W .line .street. 103 tS'S ofrThir
aeenth; S 50 by" "W ICO; $10^ ; .
George *P." J Thurston to «anw. same; sift.
\u25a0'Clara S. Kdmunds to Georee U. Hind, lot.
on- SW ; corner of street and Hoff;
avenue. W 32:6 iiy.S »7; ?10.
\u2666 Graw M. dim- to Lizzie I>. Hopper (wlfa
of John E.); :iot on "W \la» of Bryant street,
263 N of .Twentr-flrst " N 80 \>y."W .100; Sia
Harlich and * Amanda • Mlchels to- Nillj B.
Toft, lot on W line of York -»tre«t, 100 -Si of
Twenty-secontl. N S5 by TV ICO; $10.
-=.' Pauick .M. . and : Elizabeth "McDonald ' to
"WlUiam A. and Catherine V. Keefe. lot on "E
line of Florida- street. 204 N of Twentymo
ond,.N^5 Afy-E 180; $10. , -
Armle R. and - Ferfl to - Patrick H.
Farley, lot on W :llne cf Bryant street. 808 '3
of Twenty- thtr^, S 26 by "WIGQ:
'- toward " Q. and Etta M. '•' T^Hoh (trustees
of estate of Agnes M. Tllton) to Mary J. Bled
erniann. lot on W line of Capp etreet, 73:9 S
of Twanty-fourth. S 18 :» by W 80; $10.
. Annie A.' and Annl» L. Mlley.to P. L. Rob
erts, lot on "W, line of Valencia str«t; ISO'S
or Twenty-flfth. S 32:8 by W 90; $10. . . -
\u25a0 Margaret Dunn \u25a0to William Kearny, kit on
N.llne ofTw« nty-«ixth street, 2iO W of .Cas
tro, W 20 by N 114; $10. • - -
'Jamea P.- Dunne, to "W. "W. Rednall and
Ellaa T. -Wllacm. lot on W lln* of l«*venworth
streets 48:3 S of Jackson. S 3 by "W 62:^ with
restrictive- covenant : $10. - .
\u25a0 Same to same, lot on W line of X«avenworth
street. 51:3 S of Jackson. S 86:3 *y W 65:9;'
$10. -.\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-,. • ' \u25a0 - '-'
Ellen S-. Hugh S. and Dennis S. Dlmond to
Dlmond Estate Conrpany, lot "on N line of Mc-
Allister street., 137 :68 of LarkJn.' B 60 4>y N
.137:6;- also all interest In "W* lialf of 50-var»
lot 1350; also lot on S"W line- of Fourth street.:
52:6 KW. of Howard. tl^W 43 by SW S5; also
lot on X corner of Mission and Ninth streets, \u25a0
NTT 100 by NW-75; also lot on KW corner of
Walbrtdg© I and intersection with town
«htp and county line, NW «6 chains, NE 4.92,
SE 55.50 chains, VT 15.70 chains, containing
24.25 acres in sections 33 and 32, township 1.
5 W; also SW subdivisions 4, NE 5 chains. NW
6.66, SU* 7.50 chains, 'thence 5 chains to b«
rlnnlngr, 3 acres. In sections 34 ' and 35. town
ship 2- $10. . — i
J. F.- D. and May M. Curtis to Charles c
Katz and Isidor Glaser.lot on SB line of Jes
sie street, 275 NE of Sixth. NB 25 by SB
7ft; $10. , -
Margaret - T. MeGylnn to F. W. Hollmann, •
lot on SE line of Shi Dley street. 325 SW of
Fifth, SW 25 ly SE 7S; $10. .
\u25a0 George P. and Alma. "M.' Purlenky to Patrick
J. Lally. lot on . NW line of Harrison etre«t.
113:1 NB of Sixth. NE 24:5 by NW 80; 110.
: Jacob Heyman Com pa ny to • Arthur . L. Dun
can, lot on & line of West Clay street. -82:9
B of Twenty-ftfth avenue.; E 37:8 by S 100;
$10.- . \u25a0 ; ..\u25a0-\u25a0 .-\u25a0
Emma I* Bennldc to Eugene D. Painter, lot
on E line of Twenty-flTst avenue," 125 N of A
street. N 25 by Ef 120; $l 0. r
Mary A. Avery to Solomon Gets, Ist on
W line of Tenth' avenue. 175 N of A street, N
\u25a025 by W 120; $10. \u25a0-\u25a0' : ' ' ' . !
'- - Augusta D. and ! W. "O. Stnttmelster to •
Matthew and Ema Matulich. lot on W line of:
Ninth avenue, 150 N of C street. N 25 by W
120; $10. \u25a0\u25a0 --sssßiNaaife"* ; -\u25a0•,-\u25a0 . ,;
Marion C. Duchow ts City and County at
San Francisco, lot on-NW- corner of Thirteenth
avenue and D street. W 240, N 100, E 120.
N 250. W 25:2. NE 127:11. B to point 120 W
of Thirteenth avenue/ S • 25, E\u25a0• 120. S 450;
?30.500. -. - ' • ;'-:,
Sairi to same, ' lot on NW corner of Fulton
street and Thirteenth avenue, j W«'24O.;hr N
600, quitclaim deed: $1. :\u25a0• ..--\u25a0•» ; \u25a0-\u0084 •
Albert Meyer to George F. \u25a0 Stubbe, lot on TO
line of Twenty-first avenue, 175 N of I street.
*T 25 by E 120; $10. - • . ; . ->
William Baker to Augustine C. Martin, lot
on E line of Twenty-flfth avenue. 175 S of Q
street.'- S -50 by B . 120; $10. ~ : *.. '-• - --.-.. -
Anna W. t and Samuel W.- Cowles <tixstees
estate of Samuel Cowles) .to . Parksld* Realty
Company,' lot on-NW -corner of Forty-second
/avenue and S street, W 240, N 339:11. E 240:0.
5 323:11; also lot on"NW corner, of Forty-first
avenue and S street, W 240, N 819:3. E 240r6,
6 ,303:3; also . lot \u25a0 on. NW corner of Fortieth
av«nue and S street.- W 240,. X 298:1. E-240:6.
S 282:7; also lot on' Nß corner of S street
ana Fortieth avenue. N 277a0^», E 120:6, S
270:4. .W 102:7; $10." - \u25a0;: t
•-. Calif ornla. Safe- Deposit - and Trust - Company
to Metropolitan Improvement Company, lot on
SW corner of Thtrty-third avenue and R street.
W 240. S 193:6, E to point on Thirty-third ave
nue, N 212:3, quitclaim deed; $10. -
i Metropolitan Improvement" Company, to E.
W. Maxwell, same: $10/ -
Jacob Heyman Company to William RlSler.'
lot on E line of Thirty-fourth avenue. 225 S
of U Btreet. S 60 by B 120; $10.
/-Bay Counties ' Realty Company..: to H. V.
Maxfleld, lot on W line of Thirty-ninth aye
: nue, 300 S of -V street. S 25 byfW 120; $10. " ;
Mackie E. and Alice G. Cartoll to Charles
G. anfl Maria' C. - Ericfcsan.' tot> on . N - line of
Crescent street, v 425 W, of South avenue, W
,25 by N 100.- tot 44. block 5, Holly Park ; $1».
- > Christian M. and Mariana Lange to Rasmus
C. Christensen,' lot 469/ gift map 1; $10.
Theresa . Eenney to Joseph- M. Kenney, . lot
on SE corner of Sargent ana Arch streets. S .
100, by E 50, lots 25 and 26, block 30. City :
Land ; - 1 Ifl ii'P>il||ir|^)l|lWli|irMll|inM«lllJlNUijilfW»C
.-. Timothy L. Barker to Peter Jennings, lot
on NW Hue of Vienna trtreet, 200 SW of China .
avenue. SW 50 by NW: ICQ. lot 7. block ;
Excelsior Homestead; gift. -.- '
•. Peter : Jennines to Alexander H. Bally, lot
on NW line -of Vienna street, 200 SW of
China avenue. "- SW 60 by W 100, block 54,
Excelsior; Homestead; $10. .-> ; ,
Adeline Fordftam to same,' same; $10. .
\u25a0 United \u25a0 Railroads of San Francisco to Jacob
Heyman Company, lot • on . B line of Thirtieth
Btreet. 75 E of, Dame. E 25 by S 100, block
28?-Fatrmount; < also lot f>n B line of • Dame
street, 100 S of Thirtieth. ; S 25 by E 125. N
11. W 25. S 14, W. 100; $10. S . .
- \u25a0 State ' of. California \u25a0 (by Tax Collector) to C
Aug Weihe.lat 14.: block 551, Bay Park Home
etead Asaoctatlon: $25.- -, - • . :
.- C. Au«r and J. Florence Welhe to John and
Annie -"" Farran."- lot ' 14,". blnck 551. ' Bay Psxk
Homestead, quitclaim deed; $10. \u25a0 , -
•" T.8.- Potter. Realty Company to Frederick
E." D.. Bellmef. lot 31. block *5, Reis Tract;
rrant.Y -:.--' *•"'\u25a0•'-" - -"'-.;•' '\u25a0•-->. \u25a0 : \u25a0_\u25a0\u25a0
, : Builders' Contract!*.
. i William I Ferns : (owner) ' with " N. A. - Carlson
i ' (contractor). I plans . by . owner— All work, except
painting, plumbing, mantels, shades and finish
hardware, -for- a- two- story and attic frame
building, : on ,W line of Capp street, 55 S ef
Twenty-fifth. S 25.by.W 70; $3100.
Alnmrda County. . ;
FRIDAY.; DECEMBER 15.
' . Gregg' Jr. et . ml." to B. Siraca, ; lot
on W line of Chestnut street, 240 S of Seventh,
5. 47.45 to N line of land conveyed to Charles
Walts December 5, 19C5, W. 127. N 47:6, B 127
to beginning, block 457, Boardtnan's map. Oak
land ;\u25a0. $10. ?:\u25a0:.; :, •' _: \u25a0 -:."/\u25a0 , \u25a0_ \u25a0':.'. I. l\ ' ' ;
,',C. M.and Eva McLeran to Oscar Howe, lot
on S corner 'of ' Watson and Lincoln avenues.
BW.: 68 :9, ' fiE ; 100:S to : a point 190 from .NW
; line of . East ' Oak street •\u25a0 and 60 ; from and -at '
. right ' angles \u25a0 with * said boundary \u25a0 Hn* of Lln
eeln\u2666 avenue, NE: 60, NW 67:1' t0 bednnlng,;
portion lota 1, 2 and 3, blocK E. Clinton Mound
Tract. ; East ; Oakland.- warranty deedT $10. - .-..>
-''\u25a0: Same I to . came, i lot •, beginning at ; point 152 :6
from ;W corner of East Oak street and. Lincoln
aYenue,'NW 37:6 by SW 140. portion lota Sand
\ 4,* : block -E, \u25a0; same,' . East * Oakland, warranty
I deed;: $10/ -:.\u25a0:>\u25a0= ,-:' ,;\u25a0:;-•\u25a0<..\u25a0.:-;.\u25a0.,._;
:. Sidney ; M. ; and ' Mary E. i Gordier to M. K.
Jacobus \u25a0 (femme sole), lot on SW line. of Lin
coln ; avenue; - 142 U. — from SE line of Watson
avenue ! SE 115 by SW 40," portion lots 5," 6 and :
7. „ block i E," Clinton • Mound Tract, - Brooklyn,
East Oakland; $10.% — v > \u25a0•
-Oscar, Howe (single). to same." lot on S corner
of \u25a0 Watson • and : Lincoln avenues, \u25a0 SW 68.72, SE
100.72, •SW 80,1 SE 37.00. ' NE 140, NW . 104. C5
to ; beginning, y portion * lots ,1 to -4, block -E,
same,. East; Oakland; $10. .;
\ Berry-Bangs 1 Land •: Company ; to D.' 4 Winter, ",
lot on E line of Benvenue avenue, 170.42 Nof
Ashby avenue. : N 45 by E . 148. 53, lot 14, • blo-jk
K. Berry-Bangs .Tract, ; map No. , 2, ; Berkeley:
. $10. \u25a0-.\u25a0:.-v'-^-i^.--:: \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'.--- -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.S-.-i I ,\u25a0/.= -.- . \u25a0/^.,
D.and Nellie M. Winter <by Perry T. Tomp
kins/; Uieir attorney.) to M.* T. : Heavey, same.
Berkeley: $10. V. ;-\u25a0%-;
.-•"?\u25a0 Arthur i L.\:, and Alice ; M. T - Fish to Jtoy ; J. >.
1 Young, -.lot on 'NW corner of College and Ashby ,
avenuea,"sN 150.-: W*ie2:*-S. 149.5 * B 150. to ;
beginning,.' lot* i 7,^ 8 ! and '9, * block * X, .. Berry- ]
. Bangs TracV map 2,': Berkeley; $10." .- - - .: - :
iS 2 Berry-Bangs < Land Company (corporation) " to
D.%Wlnter. I lot on B ' line of . Hlllagass avenue,
' 170 ! N; of -Ashby* N 45 . by E*. 160^ t lot 15, block
L,"' same,' Berkeley; $10. v; . \u25a0
':-D. L and Nellie M.uWtater fby Perry T.'Tomp
klns.» their ' attorney) 'to* J.^B. 'Cook, 'same,
Berkeley: -$lO. f -r ;• . ' .. ,
V»- Phlla vV.-; and iH. ? A?; Adrian 1 to 1 Edward A - .
: Lund,' lot on .W line of GroTe (Sherman) street.'
132 j 8 *«t i Charm 1 n«t i way, 1 S \u25a0 40, . W•. 147, -to \u25a0 W
line of lot 3, N 40 to a poict, etc., E 146.90. to
beginning, t portion : lots 3 and 4, \ block . 24. " Me- .
: Gee',Tract,"s except atrip . 10 feet \u25a0 wide dedicated
\u25a0 to iwiden « Grove - street/i Berkeley: •, $10. '
\u25a0 ;- - \u25a0 SATURDAY. : DEXL" 16. • " \u25a0'-<\u0084 \u00847
I~ ; Michael '.Hayes •to - Ellen Hayes ; (wife), lots
11; ft 12 sand 13, block R, Northern Addition."
, Oakland ::srift.-^' *~ :^§ --:..>"-' Wgffk I -•-\u25a0:, B
; : _' Ellen x Collins - (Hayes) to , Ella P. * Collins. !
i same/; Oakland: 's67s. y v " ,. -\u0084\u25a0-\u25a0 . \u25a0-)
; -rr Julia P: iAi .; Ps»ther > (wife of •\u25a0 Thomas) ito 1
! Kate Beau\-aJ4. (single), lot on W, line of. Lenox
avenue. \ 6O feet ' wide. i 543.78 N' of ; Grand," said
bcKlnnlnsr I point i being » SE I corner 1 of- land con
veyed* to fL.iß.*i: MUwalnTJuns. 29, Vo3,'. 921' D
163, r NWJ 125 by ; S W ; SO, partioa .of plat 2J. (
AUCTION SMB
Rtiinart Stock Farm
; „*\u25a0 ; '* H. PORTER ASHE, Manager. ;\u25a0 ;
18-Tfeorough&red Yearlings-IB
By Ruiaart. Homer .and "Jackson, out «£
grand brood mares and racer*.
M These horses remarkable for i their \u25a0 hardy
constitutions, strons len and sound "feet. -.
- " Sale takes -dace
3IO>T>AY""(i;\"EXLXG.M>ee, 18.^1803.
At '7:4s o'clock, at the sarpsyard of
'PRET> H. CTTASE M QO.. *
1733 MARKET ST- n». VAX HESS AVB.
9n Francisco.
-.; \u25a0• J .t % ,- ' "W. P. 'IIAGRAXE, Anetloneer.
"* Horses at jrard. Saturday, Dec. 18. :
Send for catalogue.
J*"^n
RANCHO ©EL PASO
The Last of the Greatest Breeding Establish-
ment In th» West. - ' .
- - • • 'AX'CnON SAIJB.
» 40— THOROUGHBKE© jrs*AJILIXQS— 4O
The get pf such stallions as Watercress,
Golden Garter. Goldfinch, Jiailo. Bassetlaw.
Mlleslo, St. Gaiien. Sombrero. Gerolstein. » la-
dlo. Royal Flush, etc.. out of the- best brood
mares In the Stud Book. .
! These yearlings are brothers and sisters to
winners, and all must be sold. to dose up th»
Haggln-Tevis partnershlv.
Sale takes place '-a. .- \u0084 . A
TITUKSUAY 13VKNIXG. Dee. 31. : WOK}
at T'M O'clock at tae SalesyanTof !
"' FREI> iH. CHASE <A CO.; ."..".
1733 MARKET ST., nr. VAX XBSS AVI%
Horses at yard. Tuesday. -Dec 1&. " \u25a0 \u25a0 -
« Send for catalosue.' *
TV. s, JULOBAXE; Ancttoneer.
. \u25a0
AUCIT4ON SALE
HORSES, VEHICLES.- -HARNESS, LIVER-
IES. "ETC..
Belonging to F. G. TALBOT, Ebcj... -
Comprrstng one Day carriage team, "welgnt
2660 pounds: one carriage bors*. two road
horses, one Brenrstsr opera bus. on* torougham.
Pol» and shafts: oce gis. ona trap, coach gear;
two eeta -double carriage -harness - (MoKerron),
one set single brougham harness (McKerroo).
saddles, < robes, liveries, blankets,. 'Whips 'and
everything pertaining to a nrst-ctfss vp-rrrat*
•fabk. This vehtclas, -harness, etc.* a» almost
new.
Bale takes place <- ' *•*• < >
TCESDAY EVEXIK O. -Deo. 19. ISOB.
~ At 12 m., at th» aalasj'arda Of
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
1732 MARKET ST.. near Van Ken ttT*..'H. T.
- Vehicles, \u25a0 harness, etc., now on exhibition at
S-uiebaker'a. Tenth and Market sts.., S. F.
Horses 'act mlesrard. S«md for -cttatagne.
AT AUCTION
On .MONDAY. D*c. IS. at 11 O'clock.
At Grove-Street Stable. 123 Grore Street.
I will sell 60 head good reliable work borMS,
suitable -for all purposes. All torses ••raaraa-
teed to 'be -as r»pr«aented. -
B. WATKIK3. Auctioneer. • ,
N..8.-^aleraln or «hlrw.
W AUCTION SALE *»
WEDXESDAT, Dec. 20th, at 11 a. m.
ARCADE HORSE 31AHKET. 327 flth £tt.
I will sell 27 good, young horses. Tb«««
horsae are just in from the country: -all sound
and good "workers, weighing from 1200 "to 1300
pounds; also a lew horses suitable for country
<jj«e. and ,8 big brood r^ares, buggies, 'wagons
and harness. Stock can be seen any time.
JOHN 'J. .DOTTLE, ]\u000cn«ar.
1 * \u25a0*
HORSES
Just received. 40 head of. nice gentle, broke
horses from Utah, weighing from WOO to WO
lbs. - If you want a wagon or truck home, se«
thes* ut . •. . ; .. ..-
STUARTS HORSE MARKET
225 TEHAMA STREET.
5^ Don't Forget the Big Safe £»
OF 20 HORSES, and 1 laundry. 2 peddling and
1 express wagon, all kinds of buggies, oarts
ana harness, TUESDAY. Dec. 19. 11 a. nu,
1140 FOLSOM STREET. ,_^
V. and D. Peralta Rancho. Oakland; $10.
E. J. and Lyrla F. ShecHrdsoa to J. H.
White and Louis Scheellne. lot on SW corner
of Forty-fifth and West streets. W 90 by 3
IGO. lots 17 and IS. block 2103. Alden Tract
«t Teme^cal, Oakland; -$10.
R. D. and Zelma Hunter to J. M. Kane and
, George O. Relnle. lot on E line of San Pablo
avenue, 89:1% S of Williams street. S 50 toy
E T7:». lots 5 and 6. "block 2001. Hpgan Tract.
Oakland; $10. .
Lulu A. and James R. Anderson to Jowch
Rose, lot on S line of Williams street. 124:3
E of Willow. E 25 by S lC©:Tfc. Tot U. block
501. Gibbons property at Oakland Point, Oak-.
lond: $ . - - - -
> Giovanni "E. and Florence V. Channtnar to
Chrlstoph H. Parade, lot on SE line of 9h«t
tuclt avenoe. 150 N of ' Vine street. N 30 by
E 90, lot 15, block 4. . renubdrvlsion blocks 3
and 4 Antlsell Tract, excepting W SO feet «£
said lot. Berkeley; $10. \u25a0 \u25a0 "••
Charles E. and Mary J. Williamson t»
Florence I. WUriaros (urtfe of S. M.X lot en
N lrne of Harmon street. 330 E of Calais, E
'60 by N 135, lot 3, block D» subdivision o£ 3
portion of Harmon Tract. "Berkrt«y:
Berkeley Derelopment Company to J. "W.
Drummy. lot 3. block B, Bopkln* Terrace, map
3. etc. Berkeley: $10. • ". \u25a0
Roy *. and F. May YBnn* to Mary JJcGlad
ery (single), lot on N line of Stuart «tre*t. 103
Eof Benvenue avenue. E 45, N 100.. W 148.
S 40 E 103, S W to beglnntoff. portion Of lots
13 and 14. block A, Berry-Bangs Tract, subject .
to" restrictions In deed to Roy J. Young. No
vember 22, '05, recorded Decemb«r 12, '«.
Berkeley: $100. \u25a0 ' '•-'\u25a0'„ \u25a0 —. „ ' '
Leah F. Mott (smgle) to Charlos E..Webn
(single), lot on E line of Lafayette street. v 5
S of Buena Vlrta «yen-», S 35 by E 108.
block «6. property of .Coinrnbta Bartlett, A*fc
meda: JlO.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER M.
vj. M. and,Slary D. Bartlett t» Xngnun VUH9,
lot en S line of Todd or . Strty-tecond airtt.
350 W, of Occidental or Calais, S XO, W 50 to
W boundary block I. N" 135. E 63:5 to begin
ning.- lot 1. block I. Paradise Park. Oak
land; $10. . -
9am B. and Isabsll© Wakefleld to R. J.
McMullen (single), lot at Intersection <rf SXV
Un* of Bi Twenty-seventh with E lln* «C
HUhland -, Btreet. SE ' 127.01. * SSW 81.89. \u25a0 NW
123.60. \u25a0 X « to beginning; tot 22, b»ck 5,
Highland Park Terrace, East Oakland: $10.
William C. Hull to Kate A* Hall (aia wlft).
let on S line of Twenty-eighth street. 1M& W
of Magnolia avenue. W 50 by S 110:8. lots 17
and IS. block 649, redivisloa portion block 649.
Berkeley; $10l •
-George M. and-Estelle P. Bhaw to Charlotte
IV Baker, lot on N DM of Forest avonne, 535
E of Piedmont avenue (Center street). E 80 by
N 102:5 lot 12 and E 13:8 of lot 11. block
C.3 property Berlte*«y . Homestead Association.
Berkeley $10. ' ' . --..-" . -.••\u25a0'
• Chariott* D. and W. H. Baker to Richard
White, lot on N line of Forest avenue, 533 E
of Piedmont avenue (Center). 'K 4O by N 102:5,
being E 18:6 of lot 11 and W 21:8 of lot 12,
block C. same. Berk«tey: $10i ' \u25a0
George L.' and Josephine K. Mohr to Annl*
S." Perry lot on W line of Monro* 'street. 3*JO
S of Webiter. S 40 by W 120. lot 23. block B,
map 2. B&teman Tract. Berkeley; $1«. \u25a0 • • -
Stneu Rlcfcard . Whlt». lot on W line, of
Monroe " street," 200 S of Webster. ,S 40 by W
120. lot 27. block \u25a0B. map 2, same. Berkeley ;
$10. \u25a0" \u25a0\u25a0- -\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0" 'iioi'iihi « 4r .'jMf winpwnw%^'j
Frank -B Wiley Cguardlan of- the estate of'
Noriaaa ; T7. WH«y. mteor) to W.. It. Th*rp.
lot on E comer of East Ninth street and Fifth
avenue. -NE 30 by SE 140. • block 9. Clinton.
East OaKUnd; $4300. Ufg^^-*sWMl«aMpQ*d
"-M.-A. and Sophie 8. Simpson to T. F. Holtz.
lot'oniNw corner «f University ' avenue and
Fifth Btr«t, N, 100 by W 140. block 87. Tract.
B, Berkeley * Land and Tswn Improvement
AssocUtlon. Berkeley; $lft. ..--\u25a0•'.
\u25a0. Richard M. Hotallng ' (single) .to T. - J. , Con
ner. let on - 8 .- line \u25a0«f R«f!««t street (formerly
Manoa \u25a0 avenue). ICS S of Stuart, S 42 by B
1 48.-, being, S 42 feet of lot 20, block H. Berry-
Bani-s Tract. Berkeley: $10.
- 'Emma "\u25a0 L. E. and W. T. - GlU lhan to Mary
p. , Keating, lot on 3 Its* •of Hearst avwui
(College way), 80 W- of Mil via ttreet. ; W 45
by S 136.69U lot 3, block 3/»Sea View. Park,
portion iof plat 79. \u25a0 etc^ Berkeley; $10.
.- Anita S. - Btake and » Anson 3. Blak» (and
as \u25a0 attorney) to r Frank N C F»sl«r. -lot « o» .. W
line «f Ellis street 301 N of Prlnc*, W ISO by
; N 37 -." W. Jbelnit S half ef. lot 'Bs.'. Mock -9..
'lands of Regent-street Homestead Association.
Berkeley: $10. ;» . -
\u25a0:i The v Realty :-. Syndicate .. to * Effirard •- W. '-. Ayer
(slni-10.-lots S. 9. 10 and. N S feet of lot 11.
block r 1.-.Bry«Bl ' Tract. ' Berkeley ;. $10.
' Arnaud B. and Ceclle Carcot to Grace <M.
Irwln (slEjrle). lot on E line of Harper street.
!ieo-S of Mason. S 41.«1 ' by <B 122.61. k>trl4. .
I block -7. -\u25a0\u25a0 subdivision \u25a0 of 'block ,7, Central Pmrk
Tract, Berkeley- $10. ; ,
y John C. and Mary F. Lynch to Jacob House>
fmarrled),' lot on'S line of Hearst avenue, 12231 223
W . of , Qrove street. ; W, S7 rft by S 123. ' portion
Of Rang* 2. ' Hardy Tract. - Berkeley: $10. '
! •.. Mary < A. . Clover to George rM. Clover, lot .;
on E line of Park «tre«t iprlor to widening
to 80 feeO."-B*:4.S of. San Jew avenue. 3;W.
by E " 132:1^5;- block •• 18. Alamedm-Park Howe- '
stead.' except strl-» 10 feet wide along NW sW»
[ taken- to widen Park street to 80 fMt, \u25a0 -jolt
[ claim \u25a0 deed. •- AUm«d»; |1^ ;
8384
Open Your Hearts to Santa Claus at Hale's
Many departments with over In the hearts of every little girl and boy— of parents— of givers generally—in the, hearts of Santa Claus ;|| Go v o s d e fSi ll ""ifw "o'wnVt^s? to r $3 '' sl^ th^ l
Hxtjc^ a« PTeat Stocks W^ith P-?ft hints S^T^ I ft '^'r^j^^'M^^'-'W^' H""""1 T~\ • r>^'»' '''\u25a0+«( J' /• - \u25a0• • r~\ \u25a0 -a. t '. . :-.----V.-.. ::'^l Car* Ins Set. 33.45: Knife, fork and steel.
twice as gicdi aiuv-w, wjui gui muw » 1 \Wl\jis^w«K: Uv^ WtA* I lio *-\l /i*t t v^+ 4- V> V«v C? --AWA W >< AIATTf ' '--'Ml of Sheffield steel; special shaped han-
popping out at every turn, with va- %\ { \W^^m^m^ . A U"v:Dlg^O/lSPl^^ IN 0 W M\ x^£™llV%o?£ 3h J%\ ta-
rieties at their best nOW. WWTrr^-'-^lf^^S^*^^ RMf . R ,,t;,i re»r c » i, v \ i v- \u25a0 j >\u0084••/- a V - v • - • , ' ~iM eludes 1 creaming spoon. 2 standard
-~, . , T frulv :\u25a0• Jk |s^>_-j, l *^Tn^'" partial list nere._ l^et tee how dir and full it is. Come Among them many exceptional values: w3 measuring cup-", z i.ir?<* mold 3 (4 kinds
Christmas next week. Just Six \£Ml^^J^2FVlP to-morrow and see how. much bigger and fuller the third- 75C Dolls, 'soc; $1.75- Dolls, $i.a 5 ; Magic Lanterns, 95c; Shoo- ;i|l 8 Su C ar^ Sps°Chrl«inS p5°Chrl«in^ er 1V.45" set""* 9 '
more shopping days — most Strenu- V^'-^^^^^^^^Jl 3F floor is - - ;J - , Fly,* 6oc; Mechanical Trains, 75c; Combination Game Boards, 85c. <: \sJ» Tea Kettle 030- No 7 size- nickel plated:
OBIOMU. WGHBnMp You'!, no. miss .h, .hounds of toys .ha, ar= S o,,= in ,h« and of 's.artSn^ea' 5 V« If - ..i,™ Wt« »,,. ,« «
E\Tiythin»; we Can think of has W-^'^^RlW^P fH-'lE^' reater thousands that have filled their places. .=? This is "hurry week." '. '.<;."\u25a0' '-. " ::'* steel Table Knives. 6 for * l -''°' eOfc Of
Vi^n Hrme tn lr<;«Pn fhnnninfr strain %liL'-'J.S I fi^^St4»!!"Hl\^3HliWfe'; : r: l^i/-l D/-V/-117 r\/-^!1 O^^» Cylinder Pre««e«, $1.15 i Like the big papers Prismatic Top, 25c. \u25a0••». -'.\u25a0\u25a0•* \u25a0'(& ni^s & '
deliveries r^U<^<l l^^lv^^K'" head - sleeping eyes and real teeth (you can remarkable how many of this year's toys Climbing Miller, 25c. jV» White, Metal Spoons, 6 for 100 1 iea si^e.
m*fi/%// ti'': : V^^Wv/JS^-'-' se e them) Curly -hair, fancy stocking ' * are useful, and how many useful toys are- Balky Mule. 39c. "I" •.."flf won t corrode. . \u25a0
Ci.-a Anon Puoninao Nr\\\r PM^^^t^T--- and slippers, 85c. • . ~' . at Halo's. - . Crokinole Boards, 45c: others 95c. $1.25, $1.65. :=W Roand Trnyi. ."M>c: Heavily nickel plated:
OLUIC vy^JCil CVCllllliiS I>U\V L^^^3r;^s. rjf^gy^rcr.. Indestructible Doll, 50c — 17^ inches Typewriters. $1.»O: Simplex typewriters that Games at 45c each — Telegraph Boy. Nellie \u25a0:'(£? engraved; 13-inch size.
_ _. _ m _ v I, t?> -««- \u2666 :: -JK* v - tall with bisque head, ; nicely, dressed , - -will -write real letters and that are easy to : Bly;. Louisa," Merry Go Round, Fishing- for ..-JW.. .- lalt and Pepper Shaker*, 5c each* Of
Efcop mornings \u25a0wnen you can. easiest \u0084 .^^iiMfffv^^^ss^v'.. with bonnet to match, An extra be- operate. $2.5» and *5.00 for larger ones. Frogs, Department Store. .':>•-'. -^M aluminum.
If you'll carry smaller packares you'll "V ' fOre Cnristmas value. 50c instead of Easel Blnokbonrds, l.if: Others at 75e, and Uprlsht Steam Engines, 45c — Others at $1. \u25a0;.^mw Crumb Tray 50c: Xickel platsd.
help us hurry delivery of larger ones. f F^Jolnted Doli; *^5-22 inches tall. r WaU Black^^ Jg^^S^^^P^a^"- 1 ;" •^#. \u0084
TTe want Hale's to be more than ever & " SWfeF^Cv^^^&S^fc'-'- with papier inache body, bisque 251100= r IV, OUC Doll Go-Cart«, 65c — Others 95c. ,rJ|r rir"»ll\7 wlnnnfl
irn^nym for helpfulness this weelc The J^^^¥^^^ }: anf 'fa^ncy^fp One of those double rocking horses chil- b^ 5 ,,^ Knameled wood "W-' HUI V I^lU^Uii
•tore'e Ehoulders are broader by a gre*t J frffl7/§FM^tfl®W& : - 5 1 -- 5 - ' ' ' ; "—fiii^f ln n a tf^ o a i^«?n'ft ™ &X }>Ki £ SUI " rim; others 40c, 60c, 80c, 90c up X-W \u25a0 ' .That Says "Merry XlliaS.
M ' h »— \u25a0"'"--\u25a0 #|^a No.l. 30c piece.
Solid Gold • . Aso 3^^H« Too! Chests. 45c 'W^^^:,£k 'W^S***'**
Rino-S %(& B^M^^X- FSF S %« ri'V^SSl' """^/«V^if^?i^"o^,.*a -^ *$8\ "IIJ Christmas" in the w«ve. '
H*. .ccptab, A So, id g o,d- . —^f ff, |jgf| S^SS WW^
andtib l^' I^' c^==^ .^^^^^M^^l^fe^ ' &™^ I*1 '* ™' 93<? - Hca^ within- y »« 3O l^^^^^^^
The Jewelry Store in its rew <^~^ g=S~'~=gg-^ A. (L*^ y \4s\ f^^^¥^~3sfc4&. : - r .f-~^i^ Oak Commodes. 33c; others .'9sc ' ; ' •'\u25a0' :: ''£tir/ / jds*T^ V* 5^ 25c * llbl>on ' at \* ct Double-faced
t ' " * ". - , \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 • ' '\u25a0 i ..'..\u25a0> ;-"''."/' *f •*'* *- . . - ..." ' i \u25a0" -"\u25a0 \u25a0 '- -\u25a0-'-'\u25a0- -. -*.-..\u25a0" .'\u25a0.""-', - \u25a0 . " \u25a0 • - "\u25a0* \u25a0' ' - *"- . .. . . . . \u25a0 .--. . .. •' ;. "\u25a0\u25a0'**\u25a0 '*\u25a0\u25a0-. " " \u25a0 *"
Dress Patterns
Gifts many women will wel-
come most.
New dress goods. Splendid
values in silks should send out
many a dress pattern from Hale's
to-morrow.
>>n Sotting. $1.00 Yardt 54 ' inches
wide; worsted suitings in mannish
effects; good $1.50 value.
44-lnch Gray Crash. 65c Yard: New
worsted crash; gray is greatest fa-
vorite, and scarce; 54 inches wide,
$1.00 and 3L25 yard.
A II -Wool ChalHen. KOc yards For kl-
monasand house gowns.
\rw Uroadc.'otli. $1.0(1: 50 .inches wide;
62 inches wide at $i..%0. AH colors
and black.
Dollar Black Silks
Black Ilaronets, 23 inches wide, at si.
Black Peau de Sole. 23 inches wide, $1.
21 inches, $1 and $1.23. 27 Inches
9XJM. .
Black Pean de Cycnen, 19 inches, at
75c. -0 inches, *i. 23 inches.. sl.
Black Gro« Grain. 24 Inches wide, at $1
: . and f1.25.
Black Armnre, 21 inches wide, at $1.
Clack Chiffons, 22 Inches wide, $1. 19
Inches, fi.
Black Slessallnes, 20 inches wide, $1.
Japanese SUka, 25c yard: 20 Inches
» wide; in all. art colorings for fancy
work. 27 inches wide at 50c yard.
Mail your packages at the post-
office in the store. Rear aisle 4,
Market-street store.
1 V FORM ATI OX FOR DELEGATES
TO STATE LABOR CONVEXTIOX
Sixth Annual Gat hrrinK Will . Be Held
la Grrmonla Hall, Oakland, Be>
Cinnlng Mondaj-, January 1.
F. J. Bonnington, secretary-treasurer
of the California State Federation of
Labor, has' Issued the following, state
ment containing information for. Che
delegates; to the sixth annual conven
tion of 'the r organization, that Is to
meet In. .Gernaanla Hall. Seventh and
Webster, "etreets. Oakland. : on Monday,
January. 1. at 9:30 o'clock:
"The official '-headquarters of the ex
ecutive council of the federation will
he located ' at the northeast corner of
Washington' and Eighth streets, where
the secretary-treasurer or' his assist
ant may be found between sessions of
the convention. These headquarters
will be open beginning Saturday, De
cember 20., .
"The headquarters of the Oakland
arrangements committee will 1 be . lo
cated at 4 5S : Eighth street, southwest
corner : of^ Broadway,: the Central Coun
cil! building. If delegates , are to
be accompanied by their. wives or other
jnembers of their families' 'this*; inforfi
mation should be supplied for the
ruiflance of the committee in making
reservatl on s. -.'> . ,
'The Oakland committee cf arranxe-
Sale, of Fur Felt ;
Hats at 45c Now
The same wanted styles -that sold earlier :in the season j for
That's San Francisco's- leading 1 millinery news to-da) r . .
Every Hat new. Black,' white, na,vy, v br.6wn, J prune, champagne, pearl,
Alice blue, reseda, .These are the shades are here for you • to' choose
from. All at 45c. All the very- styles, tlfat 1 will be worn;largely this winter.
Wasn't- It luckjfc we happened In just as this dealer was ready for his \u25a0
winter clean-up? V... • '\KZ-f~, ',\u25a0\u25a0'"\u25a0', ' :"\u25a0 ' - \u25a0 ' ' '-. . :"' \u25a0:'\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 :''r': \u25a0'\u25a0':
Hat Franies at 10t
Almost any- shape! you can. think of in black or white. . : Kind'
that have been' -selling at' ! some stores for^ 35c and more* : ~,
Gifts f^jj* the Home
Sensible suggestions; from the second floor. ' Curtain; and rug
store. , A price as \vell as a quality interest to every one that should .
make brisk buying now." . . \u25a0 .
Tapestry Portlere«, 93.00 1 Others to Lace Bed Seta, $4.50: Made from beßt
$12.60. A. large variety of the cele- French net; white or Arabian- deep
brated "Artloom" portieres in all col- flounce and daintjr Battenberg ' motif
ors'and styles. See' them to /under- \u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0.. > -'..,.. ,*.-;,. i; ~
stand their VbetterneB«." ln senter'5 enter ' .complete \ with : boater
'-V=/f' cover. Each; $4.50: and; 55.60. "•
Tapentry Table Covers. »2.75 i Thb PSaSB§fsS3l§iS£",
• "Artloo'm" tapestries, are pronounced Couch 1 Covers, $2.25 1 Couch Covers
by) experts ',to h"ave no ; equal . in'ap- .; from ' the ; ''Artlbom"; '*; Mills ; that
pearance, in quality, in beauty! - 4 of means "best" at same price. ; you
colbr 'schemes. A' cover ;_ for ; the: din- would pay. for ! ordinary '•' "qualities •
ing-room table is always appropriate. handsome /Oriental Mesigns. and VoX
See them. $2.76 to $6.00. , . f . ; orlngs/^A' gift :fbr the cozy -.corner.:
Axmta.ter Ro*-V *2.25: Sanford& Sons ; -I Eaoh ' 2252 ' 25 t0 ' |4 - 60 - r ' "
best;, Axmlnster rugs; sizeW- 60x27. Art Square.". *3.45t Granite artsquarem,
Inches; an extra deep - pile, with rich : '.' 9xl2 tfeet; ;. the size; thatUs needed for
color, schemes. .A variety of Oriental large .* rooms ; ; designs in " medalliori
and flowered designs to choose from. \u25a0 "centers* andv. smaller V) patterns. '-', All
$3.00 values at $2.2s. : ..,'^r"^_*J*f":;f"" : colors;to;choose|from'-? Each.; s3/45: <;
ments has spared no ;, effort; to provide
for the . comfort*, and "pleasure ' of TTthe
delegates, and f the - committee Vdeslre3
that at 8. o'clock lon "the"* morning; of
January 1; the opening day of the con
vention, all : delegates assemble ; at r " thg
corner of Eighth raTidi Broadway,- ' the
'committee , headquarters,' l - -proceeding
; thence to- the convention ; hall. ; escorted
! F by a? band : and/ representatives "of/ the
! Oakland unions. J *' - v .•-.•; '\u25a0\u25a0',' '
"I- would again' call, the?attentlori 'of.
the secretaries; of :such\unlonB: such\unlon8 as have
not yet remitted .\u25a0 their, per capita ', tax
for the! last three months -of the i year
to the fact that; ln^order \. to < be
pared for, the convention auditing com
mittee it will be necessary to close the
.books of : this- ofllce- on - the; eve-nlngr -6t
Saturday, December, 23.': Under the new
law the/vote.of each union in the'con
vention wlll ; ; beY: determined by jithe
; total ' amount : of;- per i. capita • paid! dur
ing the ': year, ; divided " by,'| the i number
of ' months the organization has been
affiliated— in ; other, words^ the . average
monthly, per capita'; paid. ; Therefore { In
order that your, organization s may. have
the'.beneflt.of vits. full \ vote 4; per- capita
should be : paid . to December; 31.
'-. .'.The' duplicate } of f, uele
gstea shouldr be '/mailed *to S this I office
as soon ; as -possible jafter^ the "election
of delegates,' in order i that the" work r of
compiling list of delegates may be fa
cilitated." . • -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DEGEMBERf 17^905;
PUPILS OF = MILLS i COLLEGE .
WILL • APPEAR' W; CONCERT
Attractive ; M uslcal ' Pro srramiue Will ; Be
Rendered at { Llsser " Ha!l on Next '
; , Tuesday Night. .:
. : t The. closing concert of -the? fall 'term
qfiMills:College*,will;,.take place."atrLls:
\u25a0Ber.Hall on'Tuesdayjevehing.vC.The^on'- 1
cert will;, be \underi the of ,'Dri
'. Louis * Lissef, \u25a0" direc tor f of ' the "
i.ment'r.of ,*"music 'A a t % the -; coll eg&%] Fol -'
flowing ,; ls"- 1 tlie ;\u25a0 attractive \s programme
which^hasibeenfarrahpred:* ; - * '! \u25a0
r «(a)r'Bridal!^chorusf,from' "The, Rose
\u25a0 Mald€Jn"f(Coweh)^(b)^"Day ijlsli jIs1 Depart
ing".^ (Raff ), r '* ChqraK" class ;f;j polonaise;
[op., 89 1 (Beethoven)/! Miss if Jessie] McVay.;
; sonata f dr/plahoV and * vlolini in > P,7 first
movement! (Beethoven) I ,;* Misses % Mary
iMcDermotty and*;; Carried Bright; ft (a);
,"Llebeslieder";(A.-ipvorak);*Kb)
i Flowers" ":(Relnecke)^: ;Ji Miss UiHelen
: Hodge ; r ( a) ; prel v d c, . op.' t 4 0, ;) No.'; 3 1 ( LiaV
dow)," (b) Jroverle," bp.lS4;'' No. v ; 6 ] : (Edward
'6chuett);7; (c) ~?1 preludje,'i op.; C 3,'S Nol'-v'! 2
(Rachmaninoff) '.Mlsa^MarylMcDefmo^i;
Ha)) "Die ' Mai h -ac h t."| ( b ) f "Mcl net Lie be
' lat ..Gruen"^ (Brahms)^ Miss :-:\u25a0{ Mabel
Stewart;? (a), duo \u25a0cohcertante|(Dancla);'
\u0084; by transcribed!
;by;Svendsfen,'«MlBsesiCa.rrie] ; Bright|and i
.VioletSDamon;! ballade] lh7Ai flatjtbp": 47:
I (Chbpin);i Mlss?Anna^M.lHall;f (a)l reel-:
itative^andSarla^ifrom&i'Jeanneid'Axc'i'
(P.; Tichaikovsky)^(b); "Lenz"^ (A;
k Give a Hale
Glove Order
. ; Send one to your friend; in'
Sacramento, Stockton, San
Jose, iPetaluma -or, Los t Angeles.
Redeemable !.iri ; any,, merchandise
from the | Hale stores in , these | cities.
Or, from any merchandise in this San
Francisco store. They make- safest
gifts.. | •. . . .. /..; '....-• v • : • ,
Writing; Paper
in Gift Boxes
\u25a0 But it's the paper that- makes
'. the values *' most interesting.
The kind of correspondence
paper women like to write) oh:
Read the values : . '<
Box at 75ci : 1 quire linen; ''. paper,
/"letter size; ; \u25a0 1 quire note size; en-^
\u25a0 velopes to match; ' in . neat box, 1
holly ,-designl
Uox.nt 43c: 1 quire linenrpaper and
, envelopes ln fancy box; polnsettla
\u25a0 design. :'•". \u25a0 '{_\u25a0_'\u25a0 \u25a0 ;;;':' . -",' : ':
Box nt 85ci 1 quire linen paper, with
envelopes Tin fancy box; ; holly ', de-
-.; sign. ;—.;.-"/. \u25a0 ' \u25a0,:•/\u25a0"\u25a0"\u25a0'•,-;
Box at 20ei Juvenile box .: paper.
Other boxes at } 2sc, ; Ssc. ;? . : Fancy
;gold . nens\sl. 00, 'with pearr holder,"
.*• ..In" plush case. . \u25a0 . ' ; '\u25a0' '."
Pen ; Wipers, 25ci ; Fancy;: of burnt
leather. ; .
' ; — I— . \u25a0 > ,
- Ttto Entrances Noiti ,
7 Market; Street; Near^Slxth. .;^
'\u25a0^l '"\u25a0\u25a0 Sixth f Street^ 1 yearjMarket/^-v-Vjv
Hildach),- Miss -Belle \ : Sanf6rd;V:iraph
sodle,; No.'MS; (P. .Liszt);' ' Miss -\u0084" Hazel
Moore; '.' (Rheinberge^),*
Choral- class. "**?:\u25a0?\u25a0*' :\u25a0';\u25a0'\u25a0>-. .-' : ; :'-C-: '-C-- -'^"
No Evidence to Convict.
y Judge • Dunne yesterday^ granted*;^- a
.writ'of,habeas:corpus-for{the''release - 'bf
FredjElloid.^allas^Thompson^whblWa's
;held*toTanswer>by/Police[Judge"Conlah;
on \u25a0 a y charge* of ' criminal «- assault jj upon j
: Hazel Lehoemanr a'girl \ 1 6 ; years ] o f |age,'
on? September. • 1 6.t ".The .Judge ? held v that
the^evldtence'was insufficient jto convict
Uhevdefendant. \u25a0;'-'\u25a0.•\u25a0: '. '• '*\u25a0''\u25a0 . ; r .-\u25a0"•\
S RATEpF:iPOSTAGE : ;'v
'v ON
THE CHRISTMAS GiLL?
Domestic • . v 7 . . .. .' 6c -\u0084 ;
..'\u25a0, ' Foreign ..:. . •••'•'•"?\u25a0 Jt*^s^S
;;'. - Domestic postage includes all
-points in P; the ? United^ States; -
Mexico,\ Canada, : , Hawaiian? Isl-" r
arids, C Philippine f Islands; ; Porto '';
Rico and Guam. ' "" .__
V/'AMul'tM^rsuinptaous^paper^to'^
• your|friend|^ftiie Eastfandl
Just what he/ wants (if you . can find put) . Above : all, some-
thing useful (smoking jacket, handkerchiefs, silk suspenders).
Let the Hale; Men's Store help you. Over twice; as much space as last year. \
Filled to running over with hints. Some of them:r >"..\u25a0; . .' ; v V .
Mrn'ii Fanoy Suspenders, 50ci Put UJ.' Men'ii Silk Xeckwear, $1.00». Of fine
one Rair. in fancy box. Made of strong .quality" silk.' made*! up in .large English
elastic webbing. / ; silk finished . and * square ; both . ends i large, : to } be tied
; leather .trimmed; .neat :gilt buckle; as ; puff; dainty, 'exclusive patterns;
many patterns and.' cqlors to choose many 'colors.; 'For Christmas, $1.00.
> from.' 50c pair. "'\u25a0 ' . -- - :' • * \u25a0 -''--C. \u25a0"\u25a0, 1- n"V ."< '«» /-«•
.- . •. j ..,..- V „ ... . : Men's -Sateen \Xlisbt. Robes. $1.50 1, Of
Men's • Reef ers, $1.00: *Of good quality r good -quality in r. white, l pink,
v black i ; Surah : silk.' j 5O inches ' long, }\u25a0 20 i blue, with fancy. ; silk ; ' embroidery
inches wide; nicely hemstitched on / down front, on - cuffs . and pocket;- all
ifcth ends. Initials stamped on them sizes," 15 to 18. Good $2.00 robes at
- -free, v $1.00.*- Others -at J1.50,' $2.00, .'51.50.- --• - .
' $2.50 and $3.00. ~^*^!"*t— CjT*!'*! JTTOWWi'Mp^IL^IEj'*
'.-£.. «. " ( ' \u2666 Boys* >Vool Sweaters.- $1.50: Of all
Smokliier; Jackets. $3.50: 'Large assort- - WO ol. ' in red.' blue and white, with
,"ment;f alliWOOl;:; in -gray, -. Wine, 1 , blue s ._ a ii nmnnrt t'rnllnr- rnff« nn,l
. and brown, with silk cord .->, small, stripes. arpundvcollar, cuffs^and
: and frogs. Others at ' $4.95,: $5.95, . skirt; roll collar; fine :rlb; all sizes.
$6.45, $7.45: to $12.00. t . 26 to 34. '. $1.50. '. :-\: -\
Silk Petticoats
Just here. /"Better gifts." \Vhy? "Read this guarantee on every
one. \u25a0- ' . •* . , \u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0•..\u25a0 ' - >; . . -.
\u25a0 '.'lf, 1 through anyp' defect, the . silk in 5 this garment should split or crack
' withiri^ three ;monthS;from« date Tof. purchase, we agree '.to .replace It with a
J new petticoat,' same : style and material, provided ; the \u25a0 defective : skirt( .is
promptly / returned %to us,'; together with (this ticket. - This , guarantee *Is ; pnly
V against; cracking and '_' splitting and does^ not. cover damages caused* by .-.-;
: '^shortening or other alterations or by wear and tear at the bottom of skirt.**
First.- '\u25a0' /! .'-.. i ,;.''' . HSIHHISi
V ; Petticoats at $5.00 •
' Taffeta silk .petticoat, .tucked ' At^'^^^SSS^t^
flounce, with accordeon pleated
bottom witH ; ruffle in edge,: P erca- >^ ue , and '.*«?»•-;.\u25a0 ; <; t^
•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.' '\u25a0•\u25a0:-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' , _, , _: '\u25a0 At-$6.95i Taffeta silk petticoat;, deep
line dllSt ruffle. Black, green, tucked flounce with ruffle in edge;
line uusi ..\u25a0;.;•."";-; v ' »- •-.-•' -•\u25a0'- tucked ; and. hemstitched silk dust
;blue (^plum;.grav. ' ; black.v white. Alice ;blue..
LEARIVEpj RABBIS .WILL f SPEAK
ZIONITES
'Rer.' M.; S. L*vy/aMd ; Bernard M. Kap
''r: \u25a0 lan to* Speak fat Annuil s Meetlns \u25a0
H"r' :of Soolety'^To-Nlght. *'" :
-iThe- regular ..tmonthly.' meeting 'of "the
Helpers*^ of I zion*-£ Society *L will;; be! held
at j,theiß'narr,B'r(thßHall^thi3 -evening
\u25a0;for/the.*p*urpbse»ofielectlngf:its officers
for'ith'ejiehsulhKj- year/ ;';/._ ' a . i
i^This^meeting .^promises V, to; mark an
epochfin^thelhistory^ of t the local ibran'bh
of j Zionists :"arid':pFeparatlonslh'ave;betn
made,; for." an Junusually i large' ' attend-
;HRev.vDr. >M.^S.|Lcyy,£ the r retiring
presldeht,|fdurinff*,whbse~ term^of office
Uie'societyi hasj tripled lnf strength, s wjll
speak % and t Rey/SDr" Bernard ?M" Kap
lan' will 'also address 1 the. society. \u25a0%£Bffl
of; Zion: Society "of; San
Francisco, y,which lis;? but*; a "branch *of
the £great^ International jforganJaUonYof
ZlohistsVJhas^becnf steadily^ advancing
andEwheniT the that itliey
haveilald'Ou^before'^thera^andUhe^hort
teni^re^oflthelrjexlstenceiare-takerillhtb
c6hslderatlo"n|lt|iaiseen^that^the!Zlph^
ists|_hayeTaccompllshedj > a?g ; reat ? jdcal>
Per'maneritlcessation^of^Jewish* perse?
cutlipn ? lsJthelriultimate'K6ar*and;shou|cl
tbef movem'ehtjfajlf itXwlllj? not* be if (or
want-oficnthusiasrasandjllberallty.'of
ldeas,^fwhlchlare^fmanlfestlng:^them-'
selveaTm6reTdallylinithe*outsldefworl<l
as well as; among- the Jewish people. .
:' : All ;. members .'\u25a0\u25a0 and % their \u25a0 friends : ar«
expected* "; to ; attend :. this . meetlngr. as
matters f of great i importance- will'-'ba
presented."-' '•-.. *.7. 7 ,* t ' : \u25a0 \u25a0"":\u25a0
u Cbnld you u«e $25.00 in Gold f See the
Ch rl *i mnr Tree < * Contest I on J , oacn 44
nnd:4».v 9300 in prizes aad cash. '/ .-* \u25a0? '-. i
Pol Ice j Round- Up ; Crooks.
tafandi FilipiVMartinex < were*
arrested yesterday: by: Detectives -Har
periarid>'Armstrong.\ ;They, havo>beeti'
calling vatj stores, 'i pretending -^to >";buy
goods,- arid' :» stealingt v whatever"." I was
liandy: Their - particular * fad Jls 'white
silk \u25a0 \u25a0. handkerchief s.\r»WiMiam t ,,.Dailey
t was|als6l arrested ':b^ "-Harper and 'Arm
strong.^} He 1 isTatbug^yJrobej thief • and
the t officers t say ;they will have -several'
"charges ":asrainst him.
Police ' Raid * Poolroomi*.
':.' Pol ic.emenVPeshon ; : and Dower raided
;Edward^Wilson's l/; poolroom*,', at ,133
: Po well JstrVet^yesterdaS'l afternoon ? and
\u25a0'. ten" visitors, who
\u25a0vyere •.taken":; to; the City .. Prison.*"- They
were*;: released " : on I bal I, j Wilson in J5O
cashfand'Ulie .(others - $10 each: ?They
alsb'^raided ,l tha poolroom of?" Stephen
Dunn : v*6Vr J >lason ;. street and arrested
Dunn 5 arid c flveVylsltoVs,'! who \u25a0 were re^
leased ion [cash J baling®
Why Not A
Box Stockings?
Useful gifts and one shell, appre-
ciate. Especially stockings, like these.
The' prices are interesting, too.
At $1.40 Box: 6 pairs to the box; cot-
; ton or lisle thread stockings. About
-4 different styles to choose from, in-
cluding ajlover lace and lace boot.
25c pair. 51.40 box of 8 oatra.
At $1.14 Box: S pairs to the box. Heavy,
fast black cotton stockings, full fash-
ioned. Regular. 25c values. $1.14 box
6 pair*. ~
At t^TS Box: Imported English cash-
,mere. Fine heavy -wool stockings.
. 5(K> pair, or S-.73 but.
At Ki.no Box: Extra fine lisle thread
stockings. Allover. lace and lace boot
and some pretty embroidered ankle
' "effects.;- Regular 50c values. 3Se pair.
. or 52.00 box G pain.
And other. Christmas values in -women's
-stockings to interest gift buyers this
week. *
Pipe for "Him"
;If: he smokes a pipe.
; Few men will buy for them-
selves as nice a pipe as they would
like to have. ,
•Give him a nice one for Christmas.
Buy it ; at Hales. where you feel at
\u25a0 home. Pipes In ; cases. 60c. 75c to $5.
Visit Santa Claus Art Gallery,
3d floor annex. Thousands of
drawings, by children arranged
alphabetically.
\u25a0 \u25a0 .'^^— \u2666 1 " ' ' '
FISHERMEN ARB AWAITIXG
\u25a0 ; OPEXIXG OF, RUSSIAN RIVER
Great Ran ot Steelheads Expected
\u25a0 When- the Bar «t Entrance I»
Removed.
Hshermen are stralnlnr, llkd
greyhounds "in the leash, awaiting th«
opening of the bar In the Russian River
"near * Duncans Mills.* Great quantities
of steelhead are in the ocean awaitinsr
a chance Ito get into the river.- They t
are reported so numerous as to be fair- . vl
ly crowdlng^one another out of the ;
water, at times. ' bMIHBWPBMH
It Is;esttmated;that 150. anglers will
leave here: when iword Is received that 1 •
theJrlver^ls :open. r lt, ls expected the
obstruction :in. the rtver ..will r be -blown
up this' week, thus permitting the en
trance of. the -fish. \u25a0/
Snatches : Purse from Stranarer..
Frank Oodense'ofj Stanislaus County h
met ' Mary > Plaza Hon Pacific ; street . on^
Friday.: night and while talking to h»rj^7
drew al purse (containing $42 oat of his v '
pocket. - The wdman. snatched th« pursa ->
out'of;" his hand, and^: ran away.^Tes
terday ; Detectives : Bert } Wren" and j Da
vidsijarrested-thftiwoman -and " booked
; heratUhe:Cttyi Prison on a charts of
grand j larceny. \u25a0 Gbdanse having •worn
to a complaint against her k*X»r«
Police Judge' Mo gao