THE Mkriira MORE: fflfS THAN ANI OTHER PAPER . PUBLISHIMCzSSIf FRANCISCO
Forecast for Monday. October 23:
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy
Monday; light southwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON, <ii, \
Local Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVIII— XO. 145.
BABY IN ARMS VICTIM
OF DRUGGED MILK.
1 \u25a0 • - .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:'\u25a0.
Edith Hey, sixteen months old, infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Hey,
residing at 1334 Turk street, has been critically ill for days frcrh the, effects
of drinking poisoned milk. So serious was the babe's condition that her
stomach could not retain even pure milk. The Heys' milkman was Charles
Haufe, proprietor of the Oakland Dairy, who was arrested last week and charged 5
by the State Dairy Bureau with selling cream containing formaldehyde. '-. '
Infant Suffers
\u25a0
Daily.
FADES AWAY
TO SHADOW
Milkman lender
Charge in
Court.
Wasted to a shadow from long suf
fering, moaning- and topsing for days in
a 'fever and so stricken by disease that
\u25ba even pure milk could not be assimi
milated, little golden-haired Edith Hey.
eisteen months old, a victim of poisoned
milk, lies under the watchful eyes of
her mother at their home, 1334 Turk
street.
The chiM is the daughter of Mr. and
ltrs. Ernest Hoy. That she is a sufferer
from the drinking of a dairyman's
sophisticated wares is the opinion of
Dr. Harold J«. Hill of 2325 Fillmore
letreet, who has be*n attending the in
fant. That the child's condition had
become so serious. that she could not
even take an infant's natural diet of
milk is the testimony of the mother,
who demands the prosecution of the
man whom «=he .charges with having
furnished the stuff that laid low her
baby.
By something that savors more than
mere coincidental with little Edith \u25a0
II e;-'K .'serious . 'Charles ~"Hauf e,
proprietor of the Oakland Dairy, who
supplied milk to the Heys, was ar
rested Thursday on complaint of
inspectors of the State Dairy Bureau.
Haufe has been tried and his case is
pending decision on a charge of having
t=old cream which contained formalde
hyde.
Mrs. Hey said yesterday she stopped
taking milk from Haufe as soon as she
learned of his arrest. But the injury,
I>erhaps permanent, to her infant's
health had been done before the dairy
Inspectors had discovered the adultera
tion.
Little Edith Hey was stricken with
in a few days after her mother had
•weaned the baby and had 'begun to
feed her from the bottle. The mother's
narrative of her bitter experience
opens with the child taken ill a short
time ago. She became feverish and
fretful, the' fever becoming very high
and a.ll of the symptoms of gastritis,
the form of disease which the irritant
formaldehyde produces. The baby's
mouth was badly broken out with a
Class of sores. Dr. Hill was called and,
after an examination, ordered the baby
fed nothing but milk. For five days
the infant took the milk diet until the
conditions became so serious that Dr.
Hill ordered this food stopped at once.
He had traced the cause of the trouble
to the milk and so explained to Mrs.
Hey.
The baby, who should have been
able to take such a natural food as
"milk, has been living on barley gruel
as the only item in her diet, because
. tier condition has reached such a
point.
The mother declared the baby, up
to the time of weaning, had been in
perfect health, a happy, growing child,
\u25a0without a day's serious illness since
birth to cause a setback.
BAUV ILL FROM COWS 3IILK.
'But almost the first time the dairy
man's milk was given Edith she com
menced to grow ill," continued Mrs.
Hey yesterday as she related the cir
cumstances of her baby's case. "We
had been taking milk for several years
from the Oakland Dairy, and I did not
think the milk was causing the trou
ble. When Edith was first stricken
the fever was so high I did not think
It could be controlled." The mother
continued her narrative as follows:
I lock her to Dr. Hill, who was able to
control some of the symptoms, but he thought
at the outset there might have been trouble
on account of some other food I had given
her.
After she was weaned I save her cow's
milk diluted one-third with lime water. This
vat the standard regulation for baby's milk.
Within forty-eiKht hours alter she was strick
en, the faleh fever seized the baby and she
foecan to slowly fade away. I verily believed
the had not many days to live. We kept her
on milk as the doctor had ordered until he
stopped it altogether on the opinion that the
milk was responsible for the Illness.
The ether symptoms were brought under con
trol, but the rever continues, and she is suf
fering now from the til effect* of the lone
siege. So debilitated was the child that she
caught a severe cold and 1 am compelled to
have the doctor visit her daily. .
It v. as ; after she was put on the milk ex
clusively that the real cause was disclosed.
I>r. Hill watched the symptoms closely and
tbtn. when he stopped this diet, declared:
••The milk is responsible for this."
It was so eetious that the child could not
retain the \ milk on her stomach an instant.
Bhe would expel It just as she drank the
rtuff. Before that conditipn arose her milk
would not remain to be digested properly.
The baby was Just as healthy as she could
possibly be until she began to drink this dairy
milk. At once It seemed as If she were strick
en. There wasn't a minute, day or night.
It seems, that I wasn't at her bedside nursing
tier lam worn out by this constant strain,
and the baby Is so. far from well that I feel
great alarm over her condition.
It all seems so horrible, this . poisoning of
Innocent, helpless babies with adulterated milk.
As a mother who bas passed through a siege
of trial, distress, fear and anxiety, I appeal
to the authorities to help us and to protect
cur children from this doom of suffering.
DENOUNCES -THE OATRTMAX.
If this man whom I bold responsible for my
baby's illness had not been already arrested I
should have sworn out a warrant myself. .1
Continued on Pace 2, Column 3.
The San Francisco Call.
POLICE CHIEF
WARS AGAIMST
CIGARETTES
Chicago s Small Boys
to Be Deprived of
Tobacco.
Special Dispatch to The Call-
CHICAGO. Oct. 22.— Anti-cigarette ad
vocates have found a new and official
friend in Chief of Police Collins, who
has set about on a personal crusade to
separate the small boy from his paper
roll. So far the crusade has not yet
reached s^ point where the police depart
ment has been instructed to confiscate
tobacco found in the possession of min
ors, but such an order may be issued
soon. ;.-.v: .;.'-;
In the meantime, the Chief himself is
stopping boys whom he finds smoking
and wrenching from their mouths the cig
arette or cigar with which they are try
ing. He also has made the request that
citizens aid in this work.
"Every man should grab the cigarettes
out of the mouths of boys and destroy
the pills," Chief Collins" said. "It is a
bad habit for minors and should _be
stopped. .--Whenever. I see a boy smoking
on the street or in a car I grab his cig
arette and destroy it. If other citizens
would do the same thing the habit would
soon be cured. I am going to see what
the Police Department can do " to break
the habit and prevent boys smoking."
SULTAN OF TUEKE Y s
DEFIES THE POWERS
Abdul HamicTs Attitude May
Kesult in a Naval
Demonstration.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Oct. 22. — The
Porte' has" addressed a note to Baron yon
Chalite, Austro-Hungarian Embassador.
protesting against the presence--at Uskub
of the financial .i commissioners of the
powers and demanding the cessation of
Interference by the powers in the in
ternational affairs of Turkey.
VIENNA. Oct. 22.— 1t Is reported here
that the powers Intend to /present a joint
ultimatum' to the "' Turkish Government
on account of its resistance of their, finan
cial control of : Macedonia, , and that if the
ultimatum .should be; disregarded ..the
powers will make a naval demonstration.
SAN FRANCISCO; MbNOAY^CTORER 23/ 1905.
ANOTHER SUFFERER FROM MILK
THAT HAD BEEN DOCTORKD
" WITH FORMALDEHYDE. . -
FALLS DEAD
ON DRAWING
ROYAL FLUSH
West Virginia Poker
Player Killed by
Good Luck.
Special Dispatch to~ The Call.
HUNTINGTON, W. Va.. Oct. 22.-CoI.
William Simms, a stock dealer, fell dead
In the Little Queen Club rooms this even-
Ing while playing poker. The stakes were
big and Simms had been winning steadily.
At 8 o'clock there was. several hundred
dollars- worth* of chips on the table be
fore cards were drawn.
When the dealer helped . hands, Simms
drew one card, and, after looking at it.
gave a gasp and fell back dead. It was
found that he clutched in his fingers a
royal flush, having the. ace, king, queen,
jack and ten of diamonds.
Physicians, after; an : examination, "said
Colonel Simms had died from excitement
ACTORS I-V CLEVELAND MUST
\VBAR-FIRE-I»ROOF WHISKERS
Precedent. Kftinbllsbed. In the Case /of
nu ImpcrMouotor of a Russian
. ' Grabassador. \u25a0 .; --.. . .-. :
) CLEVELAND,. Ohio. Oct. 22.— General
Morroff, a: Russian Embassador \u0084\u0084off f the
theatrical stage, had ;his ; whiskers j fire
proof ed here to meet with the require
ments* of the; Cleveland fire ordinance
regarding:) theaters. :. .
. City : Inspector Dunn had . passed < all
the ; . scenery., of ;Mary 'Cahlll's "Moon
shine", company,. but failed to notice the
Immensity > of ,? the > Russian's % whiskers.'
During the performance,: laterj on, Dunn
saw. . that General » Morroff, played:.- by
H. Guy AVoodward,' lighted a cigar, dur-'
ing the action of the piece. He insisted
that ; the ibe \ fire-proofed 'j and
refused \u25a0 to permit ' the ' show to continue
until this was dona V *
ADEVNTUREER
WINS HEART
OF HEIRESS
Jewish Immigrant
Poses as Czar's
Delegate!
\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0..' --.;\u25a0':•-.. .' \u25a0\u25a0 .. •\u25a0•\u25a0;\u25a0-\u25a0 Jin'- . '">\u25a0;"
Weds Rich MissMjnes,
a Graduate of Two
Colleges.,-
Exposed -j by Masonic^ Lodge,
uin Which He Claimed
High Standing
\u25a0 - \u25a0• \u25a0 .. - zm*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Octl 22.— News jOCia sensa
tional secret ma rria see has* just leaked
out here, which relates ' to-: tlu>*unlon; ; on
October 16, of Miss -MabeUe'.^Manning
Ames, heiress and scholarTj&tfnd _ one
Michael Chirurg-, alleged racdlVal doc
tor and Russian . peace', delegates Miss
Ames is of the Ames familyjqf Illinois,
as famous for its commcrclal^power in
that State as are the Ames'^of Massa
chusetts, j All are of thc&same stock
and have a strain of Spanishjblood. She
is 27 years of agre and a'ifgiraduate of
Wellesley College, class 0f 41900, and
of . Radcl iff c College, class;* of 1902.
having: the degrees "A. 8.7.,.We11e51cy,"
and "A. M;. Radcliffe." Sbefls known
in. the exclusive circles of-i.Boston.
Michael Chirurg has fortite past year
been attempting a wide; swath socially
in Boston, New; ; York and j Philadelphia
as^an alleged Russian of family.
<He succeeded in posing as* the * Russian
delegate ; at', the International; Peace
Congress r'An'f. Boston ,: lastS iycar.. In
August, he loomed- up at meyl^ke Mo ;
honk- conference with atpßpei r as "The
\u25a0Delegrat* -*f rom • Rassla.^Tftie • also*.- has
worn >the degrees of a doctor- of 4 ihedl»'
cine and claimed "to be a thirty-second
degree-. Scottish itite Mason: :,. . /\u25a0\u25a0•
Chirurg proves, to be a Jew, born in
the German- Jewish of Jacob
stadt, Courland, v Russia, .the, region
south of the Baltic. " The grand*,lodge
secretary for the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts has issued a I signed
statement that Chirurg is not even . a
Mason, to say 'nothing of his being- of
the thlrty-3econd degree. -\u25a0 "\u25a0"
It ; develops, also, that while he has
been practicing medicine in- the slums
of the West and South ends of -Boston,
he has had no right to use the degree
of "M. D." | after his name. He has
claimed to have graduated from the
Indiana College. of Medicine and Mid
wifery In 1888. Officials of Indiana
have answered in sworn . statements
that this is untrue.
It now \u25a0 appears the . man came to
America as a Jewish immigrant in 1886.
He came to Boston in 1892 from New
Haven, where he had pretended to be
practicing medicine. In October. 1593,
he was in trouble over his relations
with a fifteen-year-old girl named Ida
Ivlolin, then. of Providence, but now of
198 Chestnut street, Chelsea. His wife
following him from Russia, he obtained
a rabbi's decree of separation from the
Molin girl. His Russian wife died in
1898 and was . burled in the Jewish
cemetery at Dedham.
Society is'agog with the story of the
wily adventurer marrying Miss Ames,
scion of one, of the" proudest families
in Illinois and thus securing a grip
on her fertune, she being" the only heir
of ' Daniel J. Ames of Lasalle County.
Illinois, a capitalist of that section. As
she is of age it is not known just what
steps the Ames family will take to en
force a separation, but it Is 'supposed
that measures of the, most vigorous
kind will be adopted. The pair are
believed to be In Philadelphia. The
Ames home is in Allston.
MOORS SUKRENDEK '.&'i
BRITISH OFFICERS
Release Crowther and Hatton
in Excliange for Brigand
Valiente.
- TANGIER, Oct. 22.— The scout ship
Pathfinder has arrived here with Captain
Crowther and- Lieutenant Hatton, the
British officers who were captured by Mo
roccan tribesmen. The liberation 7 of the
officers ' was effected | through • the \u25a0 good
offices of the-Shereef \u25a0 of Wazzan and; in
exchange for- the brigand Valiente. v a
brother ' of Iwhom '.. headed \u25a0 the Anjera
tribesmen who' made the capture. .- '
In an ihteniew " the Shereef \u25a0 said that
there was no difficulty^ in effecting the ex
change of prisoners and that no ransom
was asked < f or> or ; other • conditions im
posed. The officers ? said •, they were well
treated iby .their "captors.
CZAR'S MAXCHURIAX ARMY
IS "RAPIDLY DEMOBILIZING
All N ©rth '\u25a0 liound ? Trains r Loaded With
- Soldiers and -Their
'. -\u25a0 '"'.-' Equipment..
HARBIN, 1 Manchuria/. Oct. \u25a0 22. — Now
that the ratification « of the peace | treaty'
has- been announced- to the
permission" has "been ; given by; ;; head
quarters Ito telegraphahe fact that- the
\u25a0troops 1 are? befog- "-rapidly /demobilized;
All'north-bound; trains fromlthe!posi
tions are; loaded iwlthj troops! and their
equipment.*?* Half « of H all \u25a0=% the * native
buildings in the northern part "of Kuan
chehgtsiiv and i vicinity •: have y been r re-*
quisitioned, forjuse preparatory; to this
movement 'homeward,; and: many of; the
hutaandibuildings there; and I elsewhere
,willt be used' by :thosej troops Vhich; the
authorities 2 wilKbe- unable \ to j move vbo-'
fore winter.
INSTANTLY KILLED
IN AN AUTO ACCIDENT
WOMAN CHAUFFEUR LOSES HER OWN LIFE
De^fK^f Spouse
Witnessed by
.Husband;
THE DEJ9D.
MRS 1»A PI.A.VZ. wife of Theodore
IManx, '567 (ienry' street, neck 'broken
and Instantly killed.
THE INJURED.
3lrM.' Frederika Plnuz, 331S Ttventy
itevond Mtreei, mother of • Theodore
I'lnnr., bend Injured. (
Theodore j Pittnz, rut and. bruised.
Theodora % Scbnertzer, 3320 Ttv«-ut> -
tserond wtreet. cut and bruised.
Iriua, Ni'haertzer, 3320.Twenty-sevond
street, cut and braised.
'The children -arc -daughters of Henry
C. Schaertzer, an attorney In the Crostt
ley building, and nieces of Plans. \u25a0- -
By the capsizing of an automobile "yes
terday afternoon at Sacramento street
and Van Ness avenue Mrs. "Ida Planz,
29 years w ld, the wife of Theodore Planz,
a merchant tailor residing: at 567 Geary
street, was hurled ont of the vehicle and
Instantly, killed in the, presence of her
husband. 'Her ne'clc was broken by the
fall.. Mrs.;, Frederika.; Planz, 75 years
old, I',1 ', her;,-.;mother-in-lawv sustained
serious, injury . to (her head. .It is
feared her- skull is fractured. Planz
was | cut and- bruised, and two other
occupants of the ''_• overturned ma
chine, Theodore: and. >lrma Schaertzer,
! 11 and 6 years respectively, the daughters
ofjHenry ; C. Schaertzer, an attorney, re
siding, at ' 3320 Seventy r second street, were
also cut j and bruised. -. .' !r . .
. The \u25a0; younger ; Mrs. j Planz ; was driving
the , machine when the accident occurred.
The automobile was wrecked. /• ; •
' Such ; was; the \u25a0 tragic .ending \u25a0of a Sun
day afternoon outing : that I came | upon | the
autolsts wlth'^a shock which was'height
ened by . the strangely prophetic words .of
young Planz,. who had said when \u25a0' the
little family -jaunt «was arranged yester
day morning: . - -.'•
Kl'This will "be the last ride we • shall
take, for -I am going to sell the. ma
chine to-morrow." *
' 'The accident happerfed shortly rafter
3 : o'clock, the party being on their way.
home from \ a run ' through . the Presidio
grounds. " Only a few '- minutes : before | the
upset Planz -turned over ,the automobile
to "his wife at ' hen request. .They ; were
gliding quietly, along the smooth bitumin
ous pavement on Van Ness avenue^' head-
Ing . southr^ Just-before the j crossing at
Sacramento 'street- was reached \u25a0;' Mrs.
Planz cramped .the forward " wheels • over
to avoid a manhole coyer that rested be
tween the' street-car; , tracks •" oh Sacra
mento streets This an<T the 'chuck ihole
a, few feet . distant "along : the edge . of the
tracksicaused her~to swerve the machine.
But'in : turning ; Mrs. iPlanz seemed ,to
lose \u25a0* control i of : the : automobile, vlt rah
toward "the; sidewalk curb at a sharp
angle and ( she 1 feared it would strike ? a
telegraph V pole ; at -the r; southeast corner
of s Van - Ness* avenue \u25a0 and •" Sacramento
street.. ' > : -' : 'y : ':\ '-'^^^T
i< In | her effort; \u25a0to i prevent! what ap
peared ; to ' be" an : impending collision^
with ,the' mast. *^ Mrs. {Planz suddenly
threw the' guiding; lever/ controlling the
forward ? wheels;; sharply / around.^ The
quick ', turn \u25a0 capsized the and
hurled 1 Its oocupahts out on to the hard
ipavemently]; \u25a0•'\u25a0 V.;- ";.": ','—*\u25a0;-\u25a0'
f Mrs. ; Planz struck- on' her head with
Continued os Pace 2, Column 4.
ALCAZAR— "ApriI Weather." •
CALIFORNIA— BurIesque.
CENTRAL— 'Tie Girl En*ine«r."
COLUIfBIA— ;Tom Mcore."
. CHUTES-^- Vsudevllte.
GRAND— "In Old Kentuckx."
MAJESTIC— "The County Fair."
ORFHEUar— VautJevUle.
WOMAN WHO WAS KILLED IN OVERTURNING- OF -AX AUTOMOBILE OX VAN
NESS AVENUE YESTERDAY: HER MOTHEH-IN-LAW. WHO WAS SERIOUS
LY INJURED. AND YOUNG LADY PASSENGER WHO ESCAPED.
MAY BE GUEST
OF HARRIMAN
ON FAST TRAIN
Miss Roosevelt Said to
-Intend to Try for
Record.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22.— Miss Allc*
Roosevelt is to be the guest of E. H.
Harrlman when he begins his attempt
to . lower, the'trans-contlnental record.
Mr. Harriman. illss Roosevelt ; and
other Americans.- who have been prom
inent-In Oriental 'news in the last few
weeks, are now on the Pacific, passen
gers on- the Pacific Mall liner Siberia,
the engines^of which are being crowd
ed to their utmost capacity in an ef
fort-to break the record for the run
across the. Pacific. The steamship is
due IrfSan Francisco to-morrow morn- :
Ing. * . ;
Here is what the fast train run will
mean . In : figures:
-..-, San Francisco to Chicago. 2343 miles;
proposed running time, fifty hours;
rate per hour. 46.88 miles.
Chicago to New. York. 913 miles; pro
posed running time, fifteen hours; rate
per hour. 60.5; miles.
It .will be, the effort of Harrlman to
the race to Chicago in fifty-six
hours flat. - six hours faster than the
'-, best -record, standing at. this, time."- The
i special train,; equipped with a power
ful engine, will 'leave Oakland. Cal.,
over the Southern Pacific Railroad for
Ogden. Utah. There the train will take
the • tracks of the Union Pacific - to
Omaha; where V Northwestern officials
will .assume charge of the train and do
their ; b«st : to : run : It into Klnzie
street: station ahead of the record.
BLIXD FOarBALI) ELEVEN \
PLAYS i REMARKABLE GAME
Contest End* .Wlthont Either Side
5 Having; Scored a Single
: .t.; Point.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Oct, 22.— The
blind school eleven played a remark
able game of football with the Manual
freshmeri-at the bjlnd's* hool yesterday,
the contest' ending without a score for
e.ther.side.- Splesberger," left guard of
the - blind eleven;" who ;• Is | totally - blind.'
made a twenty-flve-yard run,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LATEST CURE
FOR INSANITY
IS HOT WATER
Success Attends Exper
iments at Wash
ington Asylum.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA.Oct. 22.— Dr. Van Zandt.
"superintendent of the Western Wash
ington Hospital for the Insane" at Fort
. Steilacoom, is introducing the hot
water cure at* the asylum with marked
success: As a result. of 'experiments he
has made, he has decided to, ask the
next I Legislature for an ' appropriation
of 510,000 to be expended In Installing
a hydrostatic system .in-, the differ enc
wings of the asylum.
"If I can get such a system here."
he says, "I am confident I can Increase
the cures by one-half. The , hot water
cure is coming into general use in
Eastern asylums and physicians in
charge are enthusiastic . over the re
sults. I myself have been surprised on
a number of occasions in the limited;
use we have so far been able to make
of it at the improvements immediately
manifest In patients. Our only ap
pliance at present lathe open ordinary
iron bath tub. and I consider we hava
worked wonders.' v -
3IEXICO FACES A LVBGE
-» SHORTAGE OF U HEAT. CROP
Duty. on. the Amerlrtiu ami Canadian
rrodnet, It Is Believed, Will
Be Removed.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 22.— The short
ness of the wheat crop is greater than
was*, estimated a few weeks ago. and
millers are looking 1 , for the entire re
moval of the duty on\ American and
Canadian wheat by the first of next
year. The city bakers have reduced the
size of their.' loaves. assertirig;tl>at'lt is
impossible to give the same weight aa
formerly. There are some stocks of
wheat in the hands of large farmers
here* but not sufficient 'to bring down
the. price . which i 3 steadily rising.
The price of corn is also riainar, the
advance' being over 50 per cent us com
pared \u25a0with the prices in August. This
causes hardship among the poor. There
is a possibility that - the 'duty oa oorn
will be abated. 7 J'2
PLAGUE SPOT
TO BE PURIFIED
Police Commissioner McAdoo
Orders Belentless War Upon
New York's Tenderloin
DEFIES FEIEXDS OF VICE
Owners of Eaines Law Ho-,
tels Denounced as Captains
of the Industry of Crime
NEW YORK, Oct. 22. — In order to
correct an impression that the police
of the Tenderloin section had been in
firucied to arrest all unescorted women
found In the street? at night. Police
Commissioner McAdoo visited the sta
tion house to-nieht and made a long
address to the force. He read the % sec
tions of the law on the subject and
told the men that he expected them to
arrest all improper characters, but that
the mere fact of a woman being alone
did not justify her arrest and that he
would deal severely with any police
man found interfering with a respect
able woman. Tlie Commissioner said In
the course of his address:
No one'e rights will be illegally interfered
with, bul this precinct <*n and will be made
el*an. There are no ditflcuities in the way
» hieli ciinnot be overcome with legal methods.
This precinct is in the very h«?art oi the com-
Berate! end social capital of the western hem-
Upher*. It is a disgrace to the city, its mor
ua ar.d civilization, that neb an ulcer w>ot
as tLifc should exist in the very center of
Its Kreatttt activities.
SVe aie bound not only to rrotect our own
citiznis. but tli* 1 vast army or vißitors from
thes*- corruptln* influence* -u4 unseemly
*~Vou a* c combating sr«-at influences in en
l« n ins these law*: tlie owner* of the proj)
«-t y W ho r»ap Urge iiofits lrom the base. and
criminal uses to which it is i>ut; the various
i .s- :.•.-> interests wtiu-h thiive on the prolll
6kcv mid prodigality or vice and who are com
p!«ini2R that with them trade is dull, and
lobuy anu nioie r«jt<nt tlmn all. those men
» ho "have crown rich on crime and vice, to
whom it it a legitimate industry, whose mil-
IrAs i,re ftaiited with the blood and team
©i wretched women and outcast m*n, who own
me larjc It«in»« law hotels where the woman
U fii-M lTjbK'U of the iiricif of her lnramy, and,
when «ht- is arrceird. ccmpelled to pay them
if.r the mdB tViat releases her. Rich and mr
;, • - \u25a0 ...I. hv2(.-fr:;;.K and blustering, these cap
ta.n.s of th? industry ol vice and crime reach
out their influents into the most unexr>ected
quarters. They 'do not want a police captain
l.«-i« whom they cannot own. and «yen now
tlw-y snd their hireliiifrs are threatening po
liticol diwieter to t)if honest head of the city
SmernmfKl "Jor niaintaininß in office a Po
lice tX-niinissioner who is not afraid of them.
The Commissioner exhorted the men
to be loyal to their commander. Cap
tain Dooley. in wliom. he saiu, he had
the fullc-st confidence.
KAiSKK LEGISLATES
AGAINST OUR FKUIT
Extreme Tariff Provided for
Oranges From the United
\u2666States.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.— A statement
of the German customs tariffs, comparing
the rates of import duty levied in Ger
many under the old and new customs
tar.fft respectively wa? given out to-day
by the Department of Commerce and L»a
\u25a0bor. A table has been compiled express
ing the difference between the old and
new tariffs in ad valorem amounts based
upon the German import value of the
article in l'X3. the latest year for which
figures are available.
The specific duty on wheat is advanced
114 per cent on wheat, flour 57 per cent,
corn 212 per cent, dried fruits 150 per
cent and fresh oranges 2tM) per cent. The
conventional tariffs are tome what lower.
Thus, while oranges coming- from fa
vored nations will be subject to a dut^' of
Zt p«er cent ad valorem, those imported
fmm other countries. Fuch as America,
v.ill have to pay about 89 per cent ad va
lorem. The rates on provisions also have
bo*»n advanced greatly.
The new tariff will be the subiect of
serious negotiation between this country
and Germany and the matter probably
will be taken up soon after the return to
America of Baron Speck yon Sternberg,
the German Embassador.
FIFTH OF THE MEXICANS
SAID TO BE DRUNKARDS
Vrnrly Half the Population Reported
to Be Acidified to Use of
Liquors.
AUSTIN. Tex.. Oct. 22. — A dispatch
from Monterey. Mexico, says that at the
Baptist National Conference of Mexico
now in session Rev. J. Leleuer pre
sented interesting statistics concerning
temperance in that, country, showing
that of its 15.000.000 people 5.000,000
ere habitual drunkards and 6,000,000
or more are nddicted to drink.
f'EXSACOI-A. Fla.. Oct. 22.— Yellow fever
took an uiiward Jump u>-«lay. and to-night
fvK-Ivf- raffs aniJ one death wer*> reported.
'ADVKRTISEAIKSTS.
Convulsion,
FltS, then
Epilepsy.
Dr. Miles' Restorative Nerv-
ine has been so successful in
curing these brain-wrecking
diseases that there, is every
reason to believe that even the
most hopeless cases can be
benefited, if not fully restored.
We will be pleased to refer
any one thus afflicted to many
who now enjoy the blessing of
health, after years of hopCless
suffering.
"I have a son that had brain fever
when two years old. followed by fits of
the worst type, and he was pronounced
Incurable. I spent hundreds of dollars
for him. without relief. After about
fifteen years he became so bad that we
sent him to Longrcliff hospital for the
Ir.sane. at Logansport. Ind. He was
there nearly three years, but he con-
tinued to grow worse, so we brought
him home July 30. 1902. In an awful
condition. He had lost his mind almost
entirely. He hardly knew one of the
family; could not even find his bed;
was a total wreck- He had from 5 to
10 fit* a day. We were urged to try
Dr. Miles' Nervine, and before the first
bottle was used, we could see a change
for the better. We have given it to
him ever since, snd be has had but
two very light spells since last August.
1503, and then he was not well other
ways. We pronounce htm cured, as he
can work and go anywhere. If any one
Irishes to ask any questions concerning
this, they ar« at liberty to do so."
E. H. BUNXELL. Lincoln, Ind.
Dr. Miles' Nervine U sold by your
druggist, who will guarantee that tho
first bottle will benefit. If it falls, ha
will refund your money.
Miles Medical Co.; Elkhart, Ind
BARGE-SINKS
FRAIL LAUNCH
Collision in Delaware River
Costs the Lives' of Seven of
Small Craft's Occupants
TUG STRIKES CATBOAT
Five Members of a Sailing
Party From Yonkers Miss
iii£ After an Accident
' BEVERLY, N. J., Oct. 22.— A launch
j containing ten men. ail of -Philadelphia,
I collided with a barge in the Delaware
j River off this place, late this, afternoon,
j resulting in the drowning, of seven o/
| the occupants of the little boat. The other
three were rescued by the crew, of "the
tugboat Bristol, which was towing the
barge when the accident occurred. Those,
(rescued are Captain, John Winch, , the
i owner of the launch; ;W.; W. F. .Russellfand.
!J. Rutherford. .•••': - - ' ;. .
Up to a late hour to-night the names
of only <hree of the victims were* ascer
tained. They were William Winch, son
of the owner of the launch: John Ellis :
and a man named Russell. ; •' " v
The launch wa6 hired by eight of* the"
men, most of whom lived In the north
eastern part of Philadelphia. The.e\der ',
Winch took" his son along to assist him
In running the boat. The day was spent
near Croyden, on the Pennsylvania side
of the river. The start homeward was
made late in the afternoon. ;:'-; :'-- '\u25a0\u25a0•-.
Opposite this place the launch -met the
tug Bristol, in charge of Captain Mott.
which was towing a barge to Borden
town. N. J. 'Whether Captain Winch saw
the barce'is not known: nevertheless, he
attempted to cross the tug's stern. Cap
tain Mott hailed him and tried to prevent
his doing so.
Captain Winch was • standing at the
wheel of the launch as he went around
the stern of the tug. The hawser of the
tug struck him and knocked him over
board. Before the captain's i?6n or
any other member of the party could
take the wheel to steer the' launch
clear of the barge the latter struck the
frail boat amidships, capsizing it.
The launch rolled under the barge, and
its occupants went with it. Captain Mott
put the tugr about and. went to the .res
cue. He and hin.erew threw ropes and
life preservers to the straggling .men in
the water, but they were able to save
only three of them. The rescued men
were landed here by th? tug and cared
I for at a hotel. They left . for Philadel
phia late to-night.
YONKERS, N. V., Oct. 22.— Five per
sons, the body of one having been re
covered, are * believed to have been
drowned to-day by the running down of
a catboat by a tog off South Yonkers.
Members of the South Hiidson Boat Club
heard cries for help out on the rivtr and
in the heavy mist that prevailed were
able to make outlines of a capsized sail
boat and of a tug that was "running
rapidly down the river. The cries ceased
before the 'yachtsmen, "who had put out
to the rescue in a rowboat. reached the
catboat, which they found deserted and
with her side stove in. " j
In a coat aboard the boat they, found
a list of names, which proved To" be those :
of a party who had gone sailing in tlie,
boat. They were Edward \u25a0 Nelson, the'
owner of ..ae boat; his son, Edward; 1
Benjamin Benson, P. Simpson and Carl
Thompson, all of South yonkers.
This evening the body of Benson was
found not far from the scene of the
collision, jj Nothing -had -been -heard^of*
tho missing men up to a.. late .hour, to
night.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 22.— A telegram was
received here to-day by the captain of'
the 'Corrlgan fleet that the steamship
Progress, which has been missing for'
many days ahd which, it .was feared; had
been sent to the bottom by the late storm,
had arrived at the Soo late last night.
The Progress carried a crew of fifteen
besides the captain.
The Cody of Fox, one of the wheelmen
of the steamer Sheldon, which was loSt
on Lorain on Friday, was picked up by
a fishing tug ten miles west of Lorain
to-day. "
No marine disasters were reported to
the life-saving station at Cleveland dur
ing the day.
MARIETTA, Ohio, Oct. 22.— While re
turning to "Marietta from Beverly this
morning in a motor boat, M. L. William
son, a dentist; Probate Judge Cl H. Nix
on and Will Selllck, son of a wealthy oil
producer, went ov«r a dam. at Lowell on
the Muskingum river and Williamson was
drowned. \u25a0 -
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 22. — A gasoline
launch containing four passengers,
making its first trip on the Mississippi
River, exploded this afternoon near
Ivory station, fourteen miles below the
city, and two of the passengers are be
lieved to have been drowned, the other
two being probably fatally burned. The
missing: Fred Pheen and an unknown
man.
FECAMP, France, Oct. 22. — A dis
patch from Ymuiden. Holland, reports
the finding on Dogger Banks In the
North Sea of the wreckage of. the
eteam trawler Gambetta. which *' left
Fecamp September 15, and was spoken
October '2, when sailing toward this
port. The trawler has not since been
reported and it is presumed that her
crew of twenty-four have been
drowned. t . % - . .
ABYSSINIAN ENVOYHI
EEACHES NEW YOBK
Prince Comes to Arrange for
Diplomatic Relations
With America.
Special Dispatch to The Call. „
NEW YORK. Oct. 22.—E1-Hagg-Abudul
lahi Aly Sadik Pacha, Prince of the Mo
hammedan church, general of the, Abys
sinian army. Minister of Commerce and
Envoy of Emperor. Menelik to President
Roosevelt, arrived to-day on the Cedric.
He comes ostensibly in regard to the new
treaty of commerce between this country
and Abyssinia, but actually to pave the
way for permanent diplomatic relations.
England. France, Germany and Italy
have representatives in Abyssinia,- but
Menelik has never sent diplomatic agents
to those countries. Sadik Pacha is to
study the possibilities of closer relations
with Europe and America. He has come
to America after a stay In Berlin, Paris
and London. Menelik is especially inter
ested in the United States and has al
ready given a home for a legation a-t Adls
Ababa, the capital, In case this country
cares to establish one. - . > •. ~
•Pacha is a man of istritdng.'personality.
His color is ebony. . but • he " has clearly
chiseled features and the small feet and
tapering fingers of the Arab. He speaks
no European language and travels with
an Interpreter. On the steamship he wore
European costume, nave for a red fez, but
ac soon as he-reached the Hotel Breslln
be donned an Oriental costume of wonder
ful colorings and wore a ' turban. - After
two hours of prayer, the Abyssinian en
voy went for a drive, .then, returned -.to
the hotel, where ha held an Informal re
ception. . :;°«: ;°«' t.ir.r;-
THE SAN -FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY,: OCTOBER 23, 1905.
FIGHT BATTLE
ON STREET CAR
Passengers Lie Flat on the
Floor While Three Men
Empty Their Kevolvers
ALL OF TEIO WOUNDED
Too Weak to Offer Re
sistance When Police Ee
spond to Goiiductor's Shouts
NEW YORK. Oct. 22.— Three men
fought a battle w.l th , P lst , ols on an
Eighth-avenue car to-day 'and all of
them were seriously wounded. While
the fight was being waged the car rah
at top speed for a half-mile, the gong
bounding an alarm and the passengers
lying Hat on the floor to escape the
shower of bullets.
Thomas O'Brien, a truckman, jumped
aboard the car at Thirty-first street
.arid, clapping a revolver, to the .. con
ductor's head, ordered him to run the
car. full speed, as he was pursued by
a.gang that intended to kill him. A
moment later "itwo . more men leaped on
the car and attacked the first, all three
using revolvers. When their weapons
were emptied they clinched and fought
with . the butts of their pistols.
| The car rushed along the avenue, .the
motorman pounding the gong and the
conductor shouting for the police, as
far as. Twenty-sixth, street, where sev
eVal policemen boarded It and .seized
t!ie,'.three, combatants, all of whom
were too' badly wounded .to offer any
resistance. \u0084 ' . : .
O'Brien was found ,to have received
a bullet in the neck. His assailants
gave the names of Henry Prang and
Thomas Sullivan. The former had
been shot in the neck and the latter
in the leg and arm. The three men
were taken to a hospital.
O'Brien refused to explain why the
other two attacked him. The police
think that the affray was the outcome
of a feud in a notorious West Side
gang.. " •
LITTLE BABE
POISONED BY
IMPURE MILK
Continued **om Pace 1, Column 1.
have never been iv a law court in my life,
but In such a case as this I should be willing
to make a'great sacrifice that* others,- perhaps,
might be . protected from the dangers of this
poison in milk. • \u25a0 : ." . r• . '-'.v
-. .There is yet another phase to the case
qf Edith Hey that appeals to the par
ents. Hey, the father, is, a laborer, and
iiis earnings are not. more than §50 a
month. , Out of this pittance he must
'supports a -family consisting of himself,
his-. wife and : their tvvo. children.- It Is
close work, and the, burden of- extra ex
pense is. ane.. hard to; carry., v. <\u25a0\u0084--.- \u0084
.. ''Conscienceless actions," declared the
"mother, in accusation against f.h£ dairy
man who supplied the milk, as she gazed
upon .the .wan, fever-heatec face of \u25a0 her
chj|)d. v "I, Jtrenible-.af . the, thought ,ol pub-
Ilci'tyV' "But "it this "exposure' will protect
some' other baby and help some other
mother I shall feel as though I had
performed a public duty." T.
The case ojE" Haufe was tried Friday be
fore Police- Mlidge > Cabaniss.- ', 'lnspector
,W. K. Freeman'^of the. State Dairy Bu
reau testified . that he had seized a bot
tle of creams from- Jlaufe's dairy on Oc
tober 5. and sent if to Professor W. H.
Saylor for chemical analysis. Professor
Saylor testified that the cream had con
tained formaldehyde, a lethal drug when
used In sufficient quantity according to
Dr. L. H. Hoffman, who attended the
children of Eugene Lent of 1050 Eddy
street. Lent, who has prosecuted George
C. Smart of the New York Dairy for
selling milk containing formaldehyde that
poisoned his little girls, was the first
parent to make his public protest against
the endangering of the health of the
city's children by the practice of milk
adulteration.
Mrs. Hey applauded Lent for his stand
and declared that his services In this con
nection were those or a public benefac
tor. - • " " • *
INVENTS AUTOMATIC
CUT-OFF FOE PUMPS
Denver Man's Device Stops
Machinery When a Break ~
r * ! v Occurs:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Colo., Oct. 22.— Jeremiah
Murphy, a pumpman and stationary en
gineer, invented an automatic cut-off for
pumps, so that, -he could leave his work
occasionally without danger of the pump
breaking and wrecking -.the engine. He
invented ah' attachment so that any jar
or jerk in the pump disturbed the bal*
ance of a heavy lever, which dropped in
stantly, stopping the machinery. He used
it on the Resurrection mine pump at
Leadville and It worked perfectly on 'two
occasions when he was not near the ma
chinery. . . v
• S. T. Carnahan, one of the mine owners,"
became interested.' Then he interested
David H. Moffatt, and the three men have
patented the device and will manufacture
it. They believe there are "millions in It."
Murphy says: •
"There was. a compound pump in the
Resurrection mine. In Leadville, which
was hoisting 223 gallons of water a min
ute and, raising It 750 feet. One day the
cast Iron "V"at fhe bottom of the water
column burst. The jar Jerked the iron
bar out of balance and the pump stopped
In a second. The boss wanted to know
how I stopped her so quickly, and I said
1 happened to be right there. The fact of
the -matter was that I was a half-mile
away." - - \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ,
UXIVERSITV PROFESSOR
puts. Earn to his life
Hans* Himself From Rafter In the
Garret of Ills Home in
Baltimore.
BALTIMORE, Oct. 22.— Professor
Sylvester Dwlght Judd, j aged 35 years,
formerly an\ assis.tant-p.rdf ess6r :of bi
ology at Georgetown University, was
found early this morning-j hanging by
a rope from a raftei'-tn "the-; garret "of
his' home on . the:, oldb Frederick road.
He had committed "suicide, 'h- " •
; ; About a year., ago;; Professor, Judd,
owing to mental-trouTjle/'lost, his Gov
ernment position. V/H^'?waaj sent to an
asylum, where, / ,.aftecf^.tia.vlhg < : been
treated for meiansholfa\ahd'*ho Imlcldal1 mlcldal
mania for about j. te"4 . Vmy n thp, T ; t\e '\u25a0 ap
peared to be^. much £improved;- jmd was
discharged about-twd weeks .ago. That
he had. contemplated -suicide was
known.
CHAUFFEUR
KILLED IN AN
AUTO UPSET
Continued from Page 1, Column 5.
such violence that her neck was
broken, and,, she was dead before
helping hands', reached v her. \u25a0 Planz
was thrown on his side. | His mother,
who had clung to ;tlieb ; ack of the auto
mobile, was . ; caught; in -the wreckage.
The children, were ; saved ifroni: serious
injury by ; being.tossed S aw'ayl from | the
overturned >' auto. '' Their' youth,, too,
helped, for they escaped. with^only cuts'
on the face arid bruises of their .bodies.;
Among the -witnesses to the > accident:
was Leon L. Roos of Roos Brothers." He
was a block away in. his automobile..
He speeded to the scene and offered to
take the injured to the Emergency
Hospital,' but Dr. E. G. Frisbie of 1610
Van Ness- avenue, who had- hurried,
from his nearby. residence to help the
party, said nothing could be done for;
Mrs. Planz. the younger.^ She was dead.]
Planz pulled himself together and.
with the help of bystanders carried his'
wife into the physician's residence.;
Quickly the capsized auto was -righted
and the old. mother was assisted; out of
the wreckage." The children, as soon
as they partly recovered from the stun-;
ning effects of the blow, were taken to
the Frisbie residence.- The mother was
sent to McNutt hospital, where whe was
attended by Dr. Frisbie and Dr. 1 Max.
Magnus, the "; Planz.' family physician.
Planz arid his. wife occupied the front
seat of the "car, which was a. Ford
model, 1905, a two-seater. In the back
seat were r , Planz's mother and _ his;
nieces. The upset was , so; unexpected
that Planz had not a chance to. avert
it. Just as the ear went over, he." grab-/
bed at the lever, but it' was. too \u25a0\u25a0> late.
He and his wife we.re fairly catapulted,
out of the machine as it went over. The ;
mother, Instead of trying to clear. her-,
self in the spill, clung to the back of
her seat:
UTI'LE GIRL A HEROINE.
Little Theodora, with a. remarkable
presence of mind and display of heroism
and judgment which would have done old
er heads proud, used her fragile form as
a shield for her younger sister. Theodora
said the auto ran several feet before; it
upset. She was bound her sister should
not be injured if she could prevent it.
So she gathered Irma tightly in her arms
and waited for the shoctf.': It found them
both in the street, but safe from serious
hurt.'. •". '\u25a0'\u25a0 _' "
The" half-crazed husband rendered
every assistance he cdlild to the
injured persons. His wife's ' body
was tenderly placed In an apartment at
Dr. Frisbie's, and then with Mrs. Schaert
zer, who had been called, Planz took
his mother to the hospital. She had re
tained consciousness through the acci
dent, and despite her Injury was able
to move about until after the hospital
was reached. There she gave strong In
dications that the pressure on her brain
was due to a fracture of the skull. The
surgeons were hopeful, as the aged wo
man rallied from the shock, that she
might not be fatally Injured.
So violent was the crash that the auto
mobile was ripped and torn as if a hun
dred axes had been used on It. The
searchlight was smashed into splinters
of .glass, the brass work being bent,
twisted and broken. The tonneau was
stripped •of its fastenings and the wood
work about .the seats was splintered.
The seats \u25a0• we ha" Horn off- the body l " of the
machine,, although they were built of
compressed paper. The wrecked auto
was -towed to the Ford Company's gar-,
age." ' ' *
Planz bought the automobile the first
of this year. He and his wife had found
a great deal of enjoyment in its use. It
had been their custom to ride on fair
Sundays. There had not been an acci
dent until yesterday's fatality. But for
various reasons Planz had decided to dis
pose of hi 3 machine. He had received
an offer for it and he made up his mind
that yesterday's trip to the military res
ervation should be his last In that car.
PLANZ' WORDS A PROPHECY.
When the trip was settled upon Planz
and his wife drove out to the Schaert
zer's home In the Mission yesterday
morning and invited the mother and the
Schaertzer children to make the tour
Planz said as the party started:
"This is the last ride we shall take in
th«> machine ana we might as well micy
ourseives while we can. I am Kolng to
sell the car this week, "and I will want
to lmvc k put In first-i'lass order. So
•no more runs after today."
A few hours later Planz's announce
ment way- verified as If It had been the
word of a prophet. As to the accident
Itself, Planz was unable to explain.
He said:
It all took place so quickly that- I -hardly
know what happened. We were running along
smoothly enough down Van . Ncsb avenue, on
the inclined grade between Clay and Sacra
niento streets. "\Va had slowed up just before
striking Sacramento street. Mrs. Planz Bwung
the machine over so as not to strike an ob
struction in tho street and ran In toward the
sidewalk on the east side of Van Ness 'avenue. \u25a0
She must havo been afraid the car was going
to strike the curb or a telegraph pole, for she
made a turn In the other cirectlon and the car
upset. It ran a short distance before toppling
completely over. I could not dofa thing to pre
vent the capsizing , of the machine, for It all
happened so quickly.
! Little Theodora was quite lucid concern
ing her experience/She relates the narra
tive without an idea that the role of a
heroine had been . revealed. ~Th9 child
said:
" I felt sura something was going to happen
when we turned into the curb. , My aunt tried
to get out of the way. of the telegraph pole,
and the machine, when, lt turned, ran a short
distance on two wheels. Just as it was about
to spill'' us out I grabbed Irma and pressed her
to me as closely as, I could. • I thought that
'she ' would b« j safer in* my ? arms If ' anything
happened:- We were thrown out of \u25a0 the seat
hard to the street, i My grandmother went un
der the machine. My ' aunt ' and uncle were
pitched out in opposite directions. % Both Irma
and myself were stunned • and cut" some, but
we did net need the doctor. ,
"-.'.\u25a0 FEARS FOB THE HUSBAND. j.
After the wreckage had 'been cleared
nway, planz was taken to the residence of
Schaertzer, his brother-in-law. The grief
strlcken husband was beside himself fr.>m
the horror of thetragedy. He was placed
under a physician's care, /his relatives
fearing his reason might be dethroned by
the tragic experience. vBcnae-tzir, who
took, charge of affairs for. his .bereaved
brother-ln-Juw, said last night:
Planz was very devoted tq his wife. They
had been the closest of, companions, In domestic,
and in business affairs. Two years ago, when
Planz's father died, fit was a long time before
the young man recovered ; from s the blow, i In
this event .the circumstances only, enhance the
grievance" and sorrow. I know Planz will take
the accident to < himself,' .; although - he : 1b as
blameless as if he had not teen there. Mrs.
Planz had | driven , the machine frequently and
knew how to handle \u25a0 it. As ; h« and my chil
dren have told the story i to me, I can under
stand -how she must • have lost control I for lan
instant, or have cramped the .wheels too far,
%o that the. machine was canted off the ground.
: The Coroner was .notified at . Mrs.
Planz's death, but at ; the ,; request or , her
husband the body r.was taken jto > an ) un
dcrtaker't. :MrsV; Planz; was a, native of
'Nevada. ."\u25a0\u25a0: Fhe '-, leaves *no > children. ! Con
cerning the elder Mrs.; Planz'a condition,
"Dr. /."Frisbie s.ald; last" night:" \u0084 .• ;, . .
. "Mrs. Planz ils \u25a0 suffering from . in . inj ury
to'the-,h«ad,; the "exact; natnre of ,;r,-h!ch
cannot; be , determined, .perhaps for i one
or. two cays. • • She :[ Is rational . and '\u25a0. Is in
good , condition- io ,far :: as Tithe;; general
symptoms -ar« i" concerned. 'It is; too'sh
,to \u25a0 say whether there : i» a fracture.'!: V -
PROTEST MADE
TO THE PORTE
American Minister Obj ects
to the Second Trial of
a United States Citizen
BAD FAITH ALLEGED
Case BecMed Despite Fact
• Tliat ;a Postponement Had
\u25a0^ Been Officially Promised
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 22.— Mr.
Leishman.^.the" American Minister, has
addressed anote to" the Porte, protest
ing-- against the -violation,- involved |in
the retrial , of Ghirkis Vartanlan, of the
Port's assurances' that judicial proceed
ings would be suspended pending the
settlement of the questions of principle
arising from ;Vartanlan's claim to
American • protection.
| WASHINGTON. -Oct. 22.— The devel
opments In the Vartanian case- are be
ing closely watched by the State De
partment. •' Communications between
the American Embassy at Constanti
nople and the Porte on the subject have
been., in.: progress for. some time. Mr.
Leishman, in his latest note, is follow
ing-the rinstruetions given him by the
State Department, which has been con
tending earnestly for the 'recognition
of the stand taken by this Government
that, although Vartanian is only a nat
uralized American citizen, he is entitled
to a trial before the American Minister
or an American Corfsular officer in Tur
key, in the same manner as an Ameri
can-born. American /'citizen charged
with crime; in "the Sultan's dominions
would "be tried; ,'' '\u25a0'\u25a0 .
• Unofficial Information . which has
reached the; State- Department is that
Vartanian was again found guilty of
murder on" the retrial of his case,
which has given rise to the note ad
dressed; to, the Porte by Mr. Leishman'.
COLLINS SHADOW
OF FORMER SELF
Alleged Bigamist Shows Ef
fects of Strain Under
Which He Has Labored
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Oct.' 22.— George D. Col
lins, who" for the past three . months has
fought extradition from British Columbia
to California, where he is wanted to an
swer to a charge of bigamy, arrived in
Portland late to-day in charge of Detec
tive Thomas Gibson of San Francisco and
to-night started on his way to the Cali
fornia city. Collins showed glaring evi
dence of the , tremendous strain he has
been under since he left the United States
and' la scarcely a shadow of his. former
self. He departed from San Francisco a
hale, robust man, and returns thin and
emaciated, his clothing giving: the appear
ance of garments built for a man much
larger than the wearer. He still main
tains, an unbroken spirit and is assertive
of his, determination to fight' as ever. In
an interview he. said: "I ha,ve confidence
that T-w be cleared without' a great deal
of difficulty. I did not leave San Fran
cisco because I was afraid of being* con
victed. My wife was in poor health and
my notoriety only made her condition
worse. The physician said she must have
a change of climate and we went to Can
ada. Later my wife returned to San
Francisco and I am now following her."
Collins ' added that he returned to this
country of his own volition, because he
got tired of fighting the case In British
Columbia and was \u25a0 confident of- being
cleared. . . "
POPE TUTS UEGES
CIVIL MAEEIAGES
New Catechism Said to Con
tain Departure From •
Tradition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— A cable to the
World from Rome says a new departure
from the long standing. traditions of the
church is to be found in the . new cate
chism, which has just seen light here and
which will eventually be adopted as the
only text of Christian doctrine in every
diocese of the world. While in the past
the . church authorities were opposed to
the celebration -of the' civil. marriage cer
emony by Catholics, claiming that it was
not- necessary, as In most countries the
Catholic ceremony was recognized as
binding before the civil authorities, the
new catechism explicitly inculcates the
necessity for Catholics to contract a civil
as well as religious marriage, "in order
that the contracting parties and their
children ; may ; enjoy the civic rights of
the marriage state." :
In the same catechism, which is the
personal work of Pope Pius X, it Is. also,
stated that the Pope intends to- call to
gether an. ecumenical council "as soon as
the troubles now affecting the church are
past, in order to complete, the providen
tial work of the Vatican Council, which
was interruped by .the events of 1870."
This official and, personal statement of
the Pope has caused a sensation in Rome,
as it indicates, that -Plus X is determined
to \u25a0 prosecute to the end the work of re
form h& has begun throughout the church.
AMERICAN WARNED
BY "BLACK HAND"
Customs Inspector Told That
His Child Would Be
Kidnaped^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW * YORK. Oct. 22.— Emboldened, by
their: success ' In . blackmailing ' their own
countrymen out of large ; sums of money,
members of .'.'Black Hand" nave extended
their* operations \to /Americans. . ..
. Under ! the threat that his little daugh
ter would be kidnaped, a ransom of 5503
was demanded ' from , George SA.. Phillips,
custom : house - inspector. \u25a0; He was given
three days In "which to deposit the money
In .a', tomato /can,-'. The letter was " re
ceived by Phillips -last Thursday and the
three days' - grace ,: accorded "* to • him '• ex
pired tonight, without " " the " kidnaping
threat having ; been carried out. That
the "". letter: is .genuine, however, is hot
doubted by/ either Phillips or the police,'
who c have \u25a0 been guarding: the threatened
child:-and watching, the place where the
money.: was to ihave been "placed, :'\u25a0 but
without obtaining any) trace of the send
ers of the! letter. ;, - ::.":.
; "\u25a0;; Partly- printed- and -partly .written,' tho
\u25a0 letter 'bore 'at ; its top" a heavy-black, hand
and skull " \u25a0 ". -~t:' '\u25a0'\u25a0"'\u25a0'. '•""\u25a0
TOKIO GREETS
ADMIRAL TOGO
Big Demonstration in Honor
of the Famous Officer on
His Return From the War
RECEIVED BY EMPEROR
Crowds in the Streets of
Capital of Japan Cheer
as the Hero Passes Along
TOKIO. Oct. 22.— T0-day was made
memorable in the annals of. Japan by
the public, entry' into ; Tokio of Admiral
Togo, who came to -report to' the Em
peror the return of his fleet from tEe
war." The distinguished naval officer ar
rived at the Shlmbashi station at 10:30
a. in. He wasTnet by ministers of state,
generals, admirals, members of the dip
lomatic corps and hundreds of officials
and private citizens, who extended him a
warm welcome to the capital. He, was
accompanied by his staff and Admirals
Kataokaa, Kamimura and Dewa, to
gether with their respective staffs.
The party entered five Imperiar car
riages -placed -at -their disposal and. led
by his Majesty's aide, Admiral Inouye,
drove afreet to life palace, reaching there
at 11 o'clock, when they were received
in audience by the Emperor.
Admiral " Togo's carriage, escorted by
a body-guard of troopers, passed through
a triumphal arch in front of the railway
station. The streets were lined with an
admiring crowd, which shouted hearty
banzais as the party passed along. The
ring of enthusiastic cheers mingled with
the noise of the bands was audible for
a great distance.
. General Sakuma detailed .three battal
ions as guards of honor. The battalions
were composed of men from the Tokio
garrison and were under, command of Ma
jor General Togo. Four guns located at
Hibiya Park fired salutes.
The day was a beautiful one, and all
Tokio went out, irrespective of age, to
welcome the victor of the battle of the
Sea of Japan.
Admiral Tc^go; after his audience with
the Emperor, returned to his ship. In
receiving Admiral Togo's report the Em
peror warmly praised the service ren
dered by him, his officers and men.
GRITTY BOY TESTS
A FLYING MACHINE
Soars Over Hudson Clinging
to a Mere Web of
': 'Wire: .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• " NEW YORK. Oct. 22.— Clinging like a
spider to ' a web of wire 500 feet above
the surface of the Hudson River with no
other support than a stout rope, from a
tugboat, a boy from Texas, with red hair,
freckfes and grit, took his life in his
hands this evening In an effort to prove
that Lawyer Israel Ludlow's aeroplane Is
the best ; thing" yet devised In flying ma
chines. \ " '
More than a thousand persons gathered
In the" western end of Seventy r ninth
street, which the ascension' was
made, and watched the daring _ "flight,
.and becamip so hvjvexl' with enthusiasm
that cheers rose in volleys. One of the
spectators, in sheer" exuberance of spir
its, plunged overboard and had to be
dragged ashore by a policeman. \u25a0 ;
Five minutes later an Intrusive ferry
boat got in the way of the tug that was
convoying the aeroplane, causing It to
change its course, so that the machine
lost the wind and dropped* to the stream
about . half- way across, and there the
aeronaut, wet only to his knees, was
picked up by a launch. •
This was considered a misadventure
by those interested in the enterprise, and
Ludlow. who was aboard the tug, was sat
isfied that the practicability of his inven
tion had been thoroughly demonstrated.
He added, that all it required to make It
the best of airships was motive power.
In to-day's experiment, as In the previous
ones, it was sailed In a kite fashion.
GItEAT SPOT OX THE SUN
MAY RESULT IN STORMS
Magnetic Disturbances and Display* of
the Aurora Borealls Are
Expected.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Coincident
with the discovery by a Vatican as
tronomer, Lodriqiiez, of a spot on the
sun 60,000 miles wide,' may be expected
a series of magnetic disturbances and
displays of the aurora borealls.
Professor Jacoby, head of the" Co
lumbia University astronomical school,
agrees with the throry generally ac
cepted by astronomers that 'if all the
deductions as to variations In i terres
trial, meteorology coincided with the
sun-spot" maxima, great magnetic
storms and exhibitions of the northern
lights could at least be" accepted and
assured. .' -.1 -- .. J\t,
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS
FORM A RELIGIOUS BODY
New York Clergymen Are.. Asked to
Interest Themselves In the
Movement* *-*.-... C"
NEW>YORK, Oct. 22.— A room In the
Broadway Central Hotel to-day became
a chapel when the "Gideons," a re
ligious association of commercial trav
elers, held their first meeting in this
city. - • \u25a0 . . ,
These men of the road, famous for
their ability -to carry anecdotes from
one end of the country to the other,
had met to narrate religious experi
ences and convictions. No clergyman
was there, yet a- dozen brief prayers
were uttersd.
A series of the meetings will be held
on Sunday afternoons. It. was an
nounced that a number of prominent
clergymen ;had. been asked to Interest
themselves in the movement.
Russians. Give Thank* to Peace.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. .22.— Service
of thanksgiving for the conclusion of
peace were h^ld to-day in all churches
throughout the .Empire, and . festal
masses were celebrated. The Emper
or's j rescript,- announcing, peace " was
was read by the court' and the celebra
tion held in the Kazan' Cathedral in St.
Petersburg was attended : by officers
and other' high functionaries."
Life Insurance Query.
Why should 'lnsurers complain that
their reserves are used, in Wall street
manipulations? • Our California compa
ny, the Conservative Life, keeps the
people's money at home and deposits
the reserves with the State Treasurer
for the protection of the policy-holder.
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
CUBA DEFIES
THIS NATION
Havana Government Seems
Determined to Ratify
Treaty With Great Britain
IGNORES HOME PROTEST
Commercial Men of, Island
Are Solidly Opposed to
the Proposed Agreement
Special Dtipatch to The Call.
.HAVANA. Oct. 22. — Despite general
opposition the administration intends
to fight for the ratification of the An
glo-Cuban treaty and there U every
prospect that It will receive the ap
proval of the Senate Committee oa
Foreign Affairs, before which it is now
pending.
Reports are current that several
prominent business men belonging to
the United Economic Corporations
have received warning that their
course has been very distasteful. The
administration of Economic Corpora
tions is made up of all tlie leading
commercial and financial associations
on the island and has been called upon
to act only In rare instances, as In the
present emergency. Thus far It naa
Invariably met. with success.
"The Economic Corporations com
prise bodie3 far stronger than any
combination of politicians on the
island." said Senor Francisco Oamba.
"I do not believe the present adminis
tration will continue to act for the
treaty when it thoroughly understands
that all of the business interests are in
line against it. In 1891 we were strong
enough to compel Spain to - make ";i
treaty with the United States, even
though Spanish interests were Injured.
In 1301 again we met and showed our
power, suspending all business for
three days and holding in Havana tho
largest parade ever seen in Cuba, and
without bands or uniforms created
such excitement that we then got all
the concessions we asked for. We will
win this time.
"Agents In the various States ara
now at, work seeing representatives of
the more important business Interests.
to learn what concessions they wouM
like to incorporate In a new commer
cial navigation treaty with the United
States and we shall be able to draw
up the draft in a few weeks.**
MEXICO GROWS PROSPEROU*)
WITH THE GOLD STANDARD
maose rrom tne silvrr Basin Vecom
panled by an Increase In
Trade.
CITY OF MEXICO, Oct. 22.— The cur
rency and exchange commission which
has been In charge of matters con
nected With the putting Into operation
of the money reform met yesterday
under the chairmanship of Finance
Minister Limantour. It was announced
that the mint had begun coining new
five-dollar gold pieces.
The monetary change to a gold basts
has been operative now for nearly six
months and has brought about stability
in rates of exchange on foreign mar
kets, regardless of the variation In tho
price of silver. Imports have risen,
owlng'to the greater purchasing power
of the people. There has been an In
crease of activity In manufacturing,
mining and land transactions. Mexican
exchange on a gold basis has been ef
fected \u25a0 without perturbation of any
kind and has resulted In an Increase of
general prosperity.
Famous Belgian Painter Dfad.
NEUILL.Y. France. Oct. 22.— The Bel
gian painter, Florent Wlllems, died
here to-day. He was born at Uega In
1823. Some of his best known pictures
are owned in the United States.
FROn OLD
V IRQ I N I A
We are showing some
Colonial sets copied
from historical origin-
als in an "old Virginia
mansion. One in par-
ticular deserves in-
:.' spection: a Bedroom
set in dull mahog-
any with high torch
\u2666 posts and devoid of /
any ornamentation.
SLOANE'S
1 1 4 to 1 22 Post Street
Ladiiei^v^
Special a/ jgj" J
. A very dainty but v^>
well-made Knife, and of
latest . pattern. Has «
three finely tempered \jt
steel blades and nail
tile. Handle is of pearl.
A splendid ' value at \V
this special price «1 CA jTI
My line of y^d.
Shears and v^ >ng
Scissors Is S \^ =
large and very xS E
choice. rang- S^r I
Ing , from 25c^^^ i
I .Razor* and Knives
Honed and Ground. V
Razor* honctl for iirie |
Mail orders promptly 'filled.-
THAT HAN Pins
F; W. PITTS. The Stationer.
IOOS Market St~ San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women 1
SHOULD USE \DAMIANA BITTKRS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
•trc&fth to aexu&! orz&as. D*oL 323 IMmRELEASING
THE INSANE
A MYSTERY
Sensation Threatens in the
Dell Incompetency Case in
the Contra Costa Court
and Judge Investigates
OUTSIDE ATTORNEY
IS VERY ACTIVE
Judge Wells Orders the Old
Man Before Him and Starts
a Thorough Examination
of Odd Appearing Methods
OAJCLAXD, Oct. 22. — A case Is on
trial before Judge Wells in the Su-
P«rlor Court of Contra Co3ta County
wMoh Is expected to develop a sensa
tion that may reach to other parts of
thm Suite than the cuiet town of Mar
tin**.
The case Is over the competency of
Walter K. Dell, an old-time and aged
resident of Contra Costa County, but
behind the technical legal proceedings
there Is said to be a scheme to get
control of the estates of a large num
ber of people who have been committed
to asylums In this State.
Dell has lived near the town of Pa
eheco for many years. Some time ago
he 'was declared Insane by the Superior
Court of Contra Costa County and sent
to the Stockton Asylum. I* C. Whit
tenxneyer was appointed the guardian
cf his estate. Whittenmcyer died some
time since and Mrs. Isabclle Dell, the
wit*, was appointed guardian and man
aged the property very successfully.
Suddenly an application was made by
C W. Eastin, a San Francisco attorney.
In the Superior Court of San Joaqufn
County for a writ of habeas corpus for
Dell. The application was not made
upon behalf of any nicmbor of the
family or any of the friends of the
man in the asylum. Kastin demanded
that another examination fae given the
old man and the court at Stockton ad
judged him sane.
Then Kastin begran proceedings in
Contra Co^ta County before Judge
Wells to set aside tjie guardianship
proceedings iind to have the old man
restored to the management of his
property. The heiiriMg; upon this came
up before Judgre Wells on Monday las=t.
Judge Wells wanted to know some
thing of the reason for the interest of
Kastin in the matter, and he questioned
the San Francisco attorney very care
fully from the bench.
"Where is^ Dell now?" demanded the
Judge.
"T'nder my care in San Francisco,"
replied .Kastin.
"I order you to produce him in court
for a further examination," said Judge
Wells.
It has been stated in connection with
this case that a list has been made in
Ea.i» Francisco of all th£ inmates of the
different asylums in the Slate who are
not violently insane and who have
property, and thai proceedings like
those in tlie Dell case will lie com
menced in each one of those other
cases. Habeas corpus proceedings will
be resorted to and the control of the
property will be secured through
guardianship proceed in grs. The friends
of Mrs. Dell assert that Etie Is the
proper r><?r.son to have control of the
estate, and there is no reason why he
should be under tiie control of any
stranger in Kan Francisco. They also
say that Dell has bt*cn worked upon
by strangers who have secured a con
trol over him by persuading him that
they were responsible for securing his
release from the asylum.
Judge Wells is going to make an in
vestigation into this '-asf: and will have
Dell before him. together with the wife,
who is still her husband's guardian. The
Interest that has been shown by Eastin
in the case of a stranger will be in
quired into.
The case has only reached a stage of
legal technicalities up to the present
time, but the next hearing is likely to
develop sorai thing more. Eastin has
merely made a motion to have the in
sanity and guardianship proceedings
set aside upon the ground that the peti
tion upon which Dell was declared in
competent was not verified. But the
rumor that this is but one of a great
many cases of a similar nature that
will "be taken up all over the State is
under the surface of the proceeding and
is likely to come out at any time.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAX
EXTERTAIXED IX ROME
tan Francisco Prrlate the Guest of
t^» American College at
Luncheon. - \u25a0
ROME. Oct. 22. — Archbishop Riordan
of San Francisco took luncheon to-day
at the American College and warmly
congratulated Mgr. Kenneddy, the rec
tor, on the condition of the college arid
the appearance of the students. There
are 115 students enrolled In the college
this year, a number never before
reached and surpassing the roster of
students In all other foreign colleges
her«.
ORGAN OP THE VATICAN*
PRAISES THE PRESIDENT
Devotes leading; Editorial to His
Speeches In the Southern
States.
ROME. Oct. 22. — The Osservatore Ro
mano, the or^an of the Vatican, de
votes a leading- editorial to the speeches
made by President Roosevelt on his
Journey through the South. The edi
torial saya:
A!l relish politeness and read with pleasure
his healthy and etrong words, extraneous to
everything visionary or presumptuous, ex
pressed before the whole world.
§ fie JR aiuttral!&mkfli&? l&uruV
st J*»n Srsiirtsru.
CALL BUILDING CAi'ITAL 5300.000
ZOETH S. ELDREDGE... .....President
WALTER J. BARTNBTTi Vice M. J. HVNES RALPH S. HEATON
ALLEN GRIFFITHS S Presidents Cashier Assistant Cashier
DIRECTORS t
ARTHUR HOLLAND— Prest. United Rail- CHAS. WEBB HOWARD— Prest. Sprln»
roads of B*n Francisco Valley Water works
JOHN LLOYD-Ex-Prest. German Savin*. JA S u , H^ ffi^f r - preBt ' Colu =*>«
and Ix>an Society q HALE— HaIe Bros -
E. F. HUTTON—E. F. Hutton & Co.. CHARLES W. SLACK— Regent. University
Bankers and Brokers, New York and San of California. \u25a0
Francisco ALLEN GRIFFITHS. Vlce-Prest— Capi-
WILLIAM P. PLUMMER— Manager Drex- taJlst
ler Estate ZOETH E. \u25a0 ELDREDGE. Prest.— Late
WALTER J. BARTNETT. Vice-Prest. — Bank Commissioner and National Bank
Vlce-Preet. and Gen. Counsel Western Examiner for Pacific States and Terrl-
PtdSc n. R. torles.
, Solicits the accounts of Banks mad Bankers. Mercantile Firms, Cor-
porations and Individuals fn the City and out of Town* and Is prepared to .
furnish all \u25a0neb depositors business facilities la keeplns; with their bsl-
«mce* and financial standlwc. „.
Safe Deposit Vaults «n Ground Floor.
SHOOTS SPOUSE
AND BROTHER
Jealousy Brings About a
Tragedy in the Home of
a Constable in Soledad
SHERIFF IS NOTIFIED
Bullet Strikes Woman in the
Thigh and Man Is Wound
ed in Neck and Shoulder
SALINAS, Oct. 22.— Sheriff Ne.bltt was
notified by telephone to-nlgrht that Wil
liam McPhle. Constable of Soledad, twen
ty-eight miles south of this city, had late
last night shot his wife in the right thigh
and hand and hi* brother John in the
shoulder and neckT The Sheriff believes
jealousy caused the shooting. John Me-
Phie, the man v/ho was shot, is an ex
convict and has been causing trouble, it
is stated, in his brother's family. It is
not known how badly the man and wo
man arv.- injured.
NO ODOR OF OIL
AT UNIVERSITY
Faculty of Chicago's Great
Institution of Learning
Declares Dolliver Errs
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22.— That there is no
taint of money in the teachings of the
University of Chicago professors and that
Senator J. P. Dolliver of lowa is alto
gether wild in his statements was the gen
eral opinion expressed to-day by midway
faculty members. This reply came in
answer to the attack made on the uni
versity by the Senator in speeches deliv
ered last night at Sedan, Kansas, in
which he said that the influence of John
D. Rockefeller's millions permeated the
teachings of " the university until the
campus smelled like a "Kansas oil town."
The university pro.'es^ors aisj deny
that a man who comes to the university
to teach ever has to change his views to
correspond with the so-called Rocke.'eller
influence.
Senator DclJiver. who based his charge
on a book written by Professor Myers of
the University of Wisconsin, tavoring the
regulation of railway rates, claims tha*.
the professor was forced to change his
views when he took a position as in
structor at the University of Chicago, as
shown by his last b-^ok In opposition to
the regulation of rates.
The mistake lies with Senator Dolliver,
pay, the University profts^crs, for the
Professor Myers he mentions never held
any position on the midway faculty. It
was Baltasher H. Myers, they say. who
wrote the book at Wisconsin Unive.si y
favoring rate regulation: but it was Hugo
R. Slyer of Harvard, who spent twelve
or fifteen years .in research, who v/rite
the book !n opposition to rate regulation.
This Professor M>vr was instructor at
tho university for six months last year.
but has not been in residence since that
time.
CITY OF ANTWERP
TO BE FORTIFIED
Twenty-One Millions May Be
Spent to Make It
Impregnable.
BRUSSELS, Oct. 22. — The autumn
session of Parliament, which opened
Wednesday last, promises to be an
eventful one. The question of fortify
ing Antwerp and making that city
practically impregnable against a na
val attack ifc the lirst important mat
ter to be considered.' The plan of the
Government for a new advanced line
of fortifications will entail an expendi
ture of $21,600,000, and in conjunction
with the building of these fortifica
tions, it is proposed to enlarge the Ant
werp docks to about twice their pres
ent size. The Government bill prob
ably will pass, notwithstanding the op
position to the heavy expense involved.
The auestlon of the definite status
of the Congo Independent State will
also be considered. The impression
prevails in diplomatic circles that the
Governments of Great Britain and Ger
many wish to terminate the reign of
King "Leopold as absolute sovereign of
the Congo Independent- State and to
oblige Belgium to definitely annex the
state. It is probable that .if asked to
take final action, both houses of Par
liament will give substantial majori
ties to the annexation' of the Congo
as an integral part of the kingdom
of Belgium.
SETTLERS FROM MI.VXESOTA
I REACH TOWN OF GRIDLEY
Eight Families, With Twenty Children,
to Establish New Homes In
Butte County.
GRIDLEY. Oct. 22.— The influx of
settlers to this place seemed to have
reached the limit to-night, when a car
load of settlers from Minneapolis ar
rived. The party consists of eight
families, in which there are twenty
children. They will establish homes
here. [ ); '"\u25a0 -
Accuse* a Witness of Error.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Oct. 22.— 1n behalf
of John Jacob Astor and Cornelius Van
derbllt. whose names were mentioned
In testimony given at a hearing- in New
York on Friday on proceeding* Insti
tuted by William B. Franklin and
(ieorge I* Scott against Joseph H.
Hoadley and others to recover $65,800,
Lewis Cass Ledyard issued a statement
here to-night in which It was denied
that either Vanderbuilt or Astor ever
owned stock of the International Power
Company, as stated by a witness.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, : MONDAY, -OCTOBER 23, 1905.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE IN
CITY OF ROSES.
Grand Officers and Members of Catholic
Order Exemplify Its New Ritual.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 22.— Rev. Father J.
M. Cassin, rector of the Church of St.
Rose in this city, addressed the visiting
grand officers and many members of the
Young Men's Institute, who attended
high mass this morning. The visitors
were here to initiate a large class into
the order, and included some two hun
dred or more members of the order from
San Fancisco, Oakland, Alarneda, San
Rafael, Petaluma and Sonoma. and the
surrounding country as well as the grand
officers. . - . .
The visitors arrived on a special train
at 10:30 and were met at the depot by
Santa Rosa Council, No. 308, with a band.
There was a parade through the principal
streets of the city, after -which all went
to the church for the service. There was j
special music of a high order provided J
by the choir, consisting of Mrs. 'J. P.
Berry, leader, and Mrs. A. T. N^oodward,
Mrs. A. S. Rodgers, Mrs. D. R. Gale,
Mrs. J. D. Davis, Frank Carroll Glffen,
Paul Clary, W. E. Woodward and J.
C. O'Donnell.
i Father Cassin in his address spoke of
the peculiar circumstances and'unusual
ness of his facing a strange audience In
his own church, but declared that where
ever one went of the Catholic faith he
was sure to find the same religion and
modes of worship. The same was true,
he said regarding the time, whether 500
years ago, to-day, or 500 years hence.
j "This is the age," said he, "when the
; church needs energetic laymen. This
gives you young men a great field of
labor. Some think the priest should do
all the work of the chuich. This is not
so» There is a place for every layman
in his sphere. Your society was organized
for the* purpose of training the young
men for the work of the church and its
spread all over this country and to Alas
ka, and the islands of the sea proves
how much it. was needed and how well
it is doing its work."
This afternoon ihe grand officers and
the visiting degree team initiated a class
into the membership of the order, using |
the work of the new third-degree ritual
for the first time in this part of the State.
The grand officers present Included Past
Grand President Judge A. F. St. Sure,
James J. Fitzgerald; Grand President
Charles J. Willey. Grand First Vice Pres
ident John Burke, Grand Secretary George
A. Stanley and Grand Directors John E.
Richards and Dr. Morris. _
ATTEMPT IS MADE
TO BUEN WAREHOUSE
Vigilance of Watchman Foils
the Plan of Gilroy '
Incendiary.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 22.— An attempt to
set fire to the big fruit warehouse of
H. D. Curtis at- Los Gatos. in which
125 tons of fruit Is stored, was frus
trated b"y a watchman Saturday night
after a fight with the would-be incen
diary. : The warehouse, situated in the
center of the business' section of^the
town, adjoins the Los Gatos cannery
and had the attempt been successful a
most disastrous conflagration would
have resulted. .
In the Curtis, .warehouse four cans
of coal oil, punctured so that the sur
rounding fruit sacks," excelsior- and
flooring were saturated with the fluid,
were discovered by the watchman
early Saturday night
At midnight a- man was seen , ap
proaching ..: the warehouse and the
armed officers attempted ; . to capture
him without using f their >\guns. The
man put up a hard .fight and finally
managed to escapejn the darkness.-
JESUIT FATHER GIVES ,
RESULTS ,OF OBSERVATIONS
Tells of Size of Sunspots . and An
nounces : Increased Solar : ,
\u0084 \u25a0 :/.>; '\u25a0 Actlvtiy. \u25a0
SAN JOSE, Oct. 22.— Rev. Father Jo
seph Ricard. S. J., the- Santa, Clara Col
lege astronomer, announced -this even-
Ing the result of "his observations of : a
group . of 'sunspots,'; the'.'* discovery or
which : was announced. V; several i weeks
ago. • Father. Ricard calculates y, the
length of the /entire, group : 144,415
miles, with,; a width of -115.532; miles.;
The astronomer , announces ' i increased
solar activity. ;.wlth ;' a : probability,- that
two new ' spots, first T noted last Friday,
will : exceed "in size '", any v- hitherto fobr
\u25a0erved.'.-- '. v . \u25a0 \u25a0•: \ -'- . \u25a0\u25a0 .
SANTA ROSA PRIEST AND A
PROMINENT MEMBER OF YOUNG
MEN'S INSTITUTE.
SAILORS SCARCE
IN THE NORTH
Mariners and Railroad La
borers Are Badly Needed in
Sound Ports and Alaska
&I*clal Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Oct. 22.— 80 th sailor^ and
railroad laborers are very scarce in
Washington and Oregon. This is the' nat
ural result of the great amount of rail
road . bujlding now in progress, together
with the employment of the. maximum
number of sailing vessels to carry away
the grain and lumber products of the Pa
cific Northwest. Frank Kelley, employ
ment agent of the Alaska . Central Rail
road, has arrived from Seward to engage
300 workmen, who' will be sent north as
fast as possible. They are to replace 300
laborers who have left railroad work to
stampede to the Yentna gold-diggings,
recently discovered soy th of Mount For
aker, in Susitna Valley. The exodus to
Yentna started in: September, when one
miner arrived at Seward with $400 in gold
as the result of five weeks' work.
Sailers are so scarce on Puget Sound as
to cause difficulty in securing crews for
every departing vessel. The ship John
Currier, sailing yesterday, spent nearly
two weeks at Port Townsend obtaining a
crew. The ships Glenalvon and Helens
burg have had difficulty ... in obtaining
crews in Tacoraa. Sailor boarding-house
keepers offer no hopeof improvement,
since incoming fleets comprise tramp
steamships, whose crews will not leave
for sailing vessels. " ; .
FLYING CABLE STRIKES MAN
AND HURLS HIM TO DEATH
Foreman of a Washington Loga-lng;
Caiup Is Killed While Haul
- . Ins Lost*.'
TACOMA, Oct. : 22.— Joseph Garrison,
foreman of a logging camp at Thorn
dyke, Hood's Canal, was killed yester
day, by the breaking of the gearing by
which logs are hauled with a. donkey
engine. The flying cable escaped from
high - tension, wrapped itself around
Garrison ' and hurled • him against a los;
three feet away. His left .temple , was
crushed in against a sharp knot. He.
leaves a widow and two children. '
FATAL" QUARREL BETWEEN TWO
MINERS WAITING FOR THEIR PAY
Fight Over ' Position In Line * and One
Sends Bullet Into; Groin of
the -Other." -' J %.0 : * '-
TACOMA, Oct. 22.— At Cleelum, last
night .John Heinzerling and Bostasta
Regazzi, rßoslyn quarreled j over
their place in line \ while receiving :pay\
checks. V Regazzi wmpped. out. a pistol
and shot. Heinzerllng 'In . the
near Uhe groin. •:„•; The injured;; man; died
In: thirty, minutes.. .was jailed/
DESPONDENT "BREWER TRIES
TO END LIFE -WITH a. KNIFE
Terminates a Protracted Spree by Cut
:•'.•\u25a0\u25a0• tins \u25a0 n Gash . in \u25a0 His ' ; ;
\u25a0;-,; .' .'.- Throat.- '.;". '..-\u25a0'"-•'
GILROY. Oct. ; 22.-^Christopher Ehri;
a brewer, attempted suicide; to-day/by
cutting his 'throat' with a pocket-knife.
He \was \ taken i to; the \ County Hospital.'
He "v probably*twllK] recover^y ; Ehrl r had
been on a protracted spree and was vde
spondent on account of lack of employ
ment \u25a0 . \u25a0 : , " *•-,;.
BANDITS STEAL
RAILROAD'S COIN
Two Masked Men Bind and
Grig Employes of Line and
Make Away With Cash
ABOUT $500 IS TAKEN
Thieves Break Open Box Into
\Vhich the Conductors Put
the Receipts of the Day
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Oct. ;- 22.— Two mukid
bandits at 4. o'clock this morning 1 en
tered the Madison-street : power-house
of the Seattle Electric Company,, bound
and gagged Michael Boyle, a' lamp
cleaner, and E. J. Cole, a fireman, the
only persons in that part of .the builds
ing, and then broke into and robbed
the deposit box of the company of
$500. ' They made their escape.
Boyle was" alone in the carhouse
when the highwaymen entered, quietly.
Before he was aware of their presence
they had presented guns at his head
and commanded him to keep quiet.
While, one man still covered him .the
pther secured a rope and bound him
hand and foot. A gag was then placed
in his mouth and he was thrown on
the floor of a car. At this time Cole
entered from the engine-room and was
put through the same programme,
with the exception that he was bound
to another car.. The robbers then se
cured tools \u25a0 f rorriN the chest and
wrecked the deposit box. where con
ductors, on going off duty at midnight,
drop their 'money,/ tied ''up in sacks.
The bandits ; secured about- twenty
sacks. •/'\u25a0
TWO-YEAR-OLD GIRL
IS BURNED TO DEATH
Tot Plays With Matches and
Her Clothes Become
•Ignited.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Oct.""-22.— Cambria Hardln.
aged two years, was burned to dedth
yesterday near Marietta. The little
girl was alone, having gone into the
yard to play beiore breakfast. She
had secured some matches and. in play-
Ing with them. Ignited h*r clothes.
Her screams brought her parents, but
their assistance was .too late.
SHOOTS HERSELF IV TIIE HEAD
AFTER FIGHTING WITH SPOUSE
Suicide of You no; Wife- Follow* a Quar
rel Between a Petalnma
Cou9le.
PETALUMA. Oct. 22.— Mrs. Lulu
Truelove. wife of C. L. Truelove." a
clerk in Hale Bros.' employ, committed
sutelde at her home here early this
mornlng. % Jealousy prompted the deed.
With her husband she returned home
from a party. They quarreled and the
wife ahof herself In the head, "dying
two hours later. The deceased's father.
William H. Hyde, lives at Pueblo.
Colo., and her grandmother, Mrs. Sam
uel Hopping, lives at Santa Rosa. Mrs.
Truelove was- 25 years of. age , and a
native of Colorado.
A Special Lot of Fall Woolens
* X% Afli'Ys^AfS \i\ Oi*if*A "fins*
IVvUUvvU 111 ml Iv/v ivi
d^ Owing to the - unexpected trade a short time ago in our $i>
made-to-order suits we found that the line of patterns became some-
what reduced.
C Previous to the arrival of new patterns which we expect soon we
.#. # are selling several of our regular $17.50 goods for $15.00.
CL These circumstances should serve as a means of getting us many
new customers attracted by the extra inducement. So in order to
offer an out-of-the-ordinary value we decided to give the customers
for all $15 suits 1 the same workmanship and material we regularly
put in our $ 1 7. 50 garments.
(L In ordering now you thus get a special value: a $17.^0 suit for
$15 and the suit is made up in our usual $17.50 way.
XL Gome in to-day and be measured. Our' cutters and tailors will
start the suit at once. By* the end of the week you will have a good
-fitting, stylish fall suit made to your measure for $15.00.
XL These suits can be ordered by out-of-town customers ; — write for self-
measuring blank and sample. Write to-day \ as tke. suit must be ordeed
* jjEgl "flEnSf? * Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Clothing [€t}| |j^]o^
|@B||; Two , Large Stores '^^M'
*?fi|§S^sS"T?---.._-749"-. Market Street and Cor. Powell and Ellis
BIG FIRE DUE
TO CIGARETTES
Town of Sparks in Nevada
Visited by Conflagration
That Causes $±0,000 Loss
AID ASKED FROM RENO
Blaze Starts in Two-Story
Building and the Struc
ture Is Totally Destroyed
Special DUpatch to Th« Call.
RENO, Oct. 23.— Sparks, the thriving
railroad City located four miles east of
hers, was visited by the most disastrous
fire in its history this^morning. The two
\u25a0tory brick building owned by George Rob
inson was completely "destroyed, causing
a loss of more than $40,000; only slightly
insured. It Is believed that- the fire was
caused by a cigaiette dropped among a
pile of rubblsii in a dressing-room on the
second floor the previous night. This was
fanned Into a blaze by a draft through
an open window. It was 9 o'clock when
the fire was discovered.
: Reno was a3ked to send engines, but
through a misunderstanding with the
railroad company no means of taking the
fire apparatus to the new xown'was pro
vided and the big building burned while
the people looked helplessly on. rCy"
TOO MUCH KED WINE
• BKEAKS UP A PARTY
Blows Are Exchanged and
Shots Fired in San Luis
Obispo Home.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call-
SAN 'LUIS OBISPO, October 22.— Home
made wine caused a row in the Spanish
quarter at an, early hour this morning.
The scene of the row was at the residence
of Simon Cota, who was entertaining his
friends at a dance. Frank Ollvera start
ed the ball rolling by knocking down
John O'Neal. He then knocked down
Ignatlo Cordova, and the latter opened
fire with a revolver and poured a perfect
'fusilade of bullets Into the crowd which
assembled. The members of the weaker
sex fled in fear and the police were noti
fied. City Marshal William G. Johnson
discovered that Cordova and J. Ruise
had miraculously escaped death. The
shots penetrated their 3hoes without in
juring them.
SALINAS POI.ICK HKI.IEVE THEY
HAVE CAUGHT INCENDIARY
Attempt of Old Offender to Smuggle
Whisky liV-o Jail Leads to
His Arrest.
SALINAS, Oct. 22. — A man giving
the name of Stewart, who was recog
nized as an old offender, called at the
jail last night and made an attempt
to smuggle whisky Inside. Constable
Robinson recognized him from a de
scription as the fellow wanted for
trying to burn the new passenger
depot . here, and placed him under ar
re-t.
Two . brakeman who had attempted
to arrest the man at the time of the
fire have fully Identified the prisoner
as .the incendiary.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
TO-DAY IS THE DAY
Clark Wise & .Co; Opan Thair
Piano Clubs.
A New Life Begins in thft
Home With a Good
Piano.
As anounced in yesterday's Call.
Chronicle and Examiner, our piano
clubs open this morning. We have
every reason to expect that many pi-
anos will be selected in the different
clubs to-day, and why not? Can you
make money easier than by saving it?
True, we have a large number of pianos
to sell, but if those who contemplate
the purchase of a piano could only ap-
preciate Just what our offer means to
them, there certainly would be a, big
hole made In our- stock before ten
oclock to-night This is the first time
the purchase of a piano has been made
possible by means of clubs conducted
along the broad, liberal lines on which
our clubs have been outlined.
CLUB "WV» 5202.00.
This club includes pianos built by
some of the most progressive piano-
makers^of the United States, the regu-
lar prices of which have never been
less than $300.00. Club members can
obtain them for $202.00. $15.00 down
and $1.50 weekly.
CLUB "L- 5255.00.
Consists of pianos that when pur-
chased in the ordinary way retail at
$350.00; club members get them for
$255.00, 120.00 down and $2.00 weekly.
CLUB *S." 3310.00.
Our price has always been $400.00.
while many other dealers have asked as
high as $450.00 and $500.00. You can
take your choice of these Instruments
In beautiful burl walnut, San Domlngt.
mahogany, golden oak or weathered
oak for $310.00. paying $25.00 down and
$2.50 each week.
•j CLUB *«E" SAVES SIIO.OO.
These instruments represent the fin-
est creations of the piano-maker's art,
and aro no doubt as beautiful a lot of
Instruments as were ever shown on any
dealer's floor. They retail ordinarily at
prices ranging from $500.00 to $750.00.
By Joining a club you save $110.00; pay
$40.00 down and $3.00 per week.
GUARANTEE*
Do not think because the pianos are
low in price that they are cheap pianos.
There is a vast difference between
"cheap pianos" and "pianos cheap." I*
you buy a piano of us and It does not
prove- satisfactory to the last degree
we ask you to come In and choose an-
other in its place. There isn't any
string attached to that statement. We
are as anxious as you can possibly be
to have you possess a piano that win
be a credit to your home and the store
that sold it. No matter how little you
pay. you get a GOOD piano; no matter
how "much you pay, you get your
moneys worth. We won't let you pay
more than is Just nor less than la safe.
DBLIVERT J '
Will be made at once upon selection of
piano. You do not have to wait yout
"turn." we pay cost of delivery to all
points around the bay.
OLD PIANOS.
Will be accepted In part payment and
credited at their full commercial value.
DON'T DELAY.
Call at once, tnls morning or this
afternoon, but if you cannot come
either of these times bring the family
down to-night We will be glad to see
you. and this is a matter to which you
must attend at once.
CLARK WISE & CO.. 126 Geary St.
Opp. City of Paris Dry Goods Co.
Store open evenings this week. \u0084.,*..
SNEAK THIEVES AT "WORK.— Carl "Wal
ter. 2*o Rltcn" street, reported to the police
yesterday that tome one opened hla kitchen
door on Saturday night and stola pillow cases,
towels and otfcer articles of the value of St.
Nicholas Tsoovas. 1193 Market street, and E.
Neville. 311 Sutter street, reported that their
bicycles wers stolen on Saturday afternoon.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
MRS. SMALL PLEADS THAT HUSBAND WAS
CRUEL AND DROVE HER TO FLIGHT.
Daughter, Too, Runs
Away From Her
Home.
Eloping Pair Still
in Contra Costa
Jail.
Te little know, when oft ye go
Among the gentle folk at nlpnt
Thai hearts bow low ana tempests blow
And much is hidden from the sight.
Blow high, blow- low, true hearts, I know.
Shrink from tee eudden, awful light.
— Old English Song.
OAKLAND, Oct. 22.— Not only has 1.
B- Small of Oswego. Oregon, lost his
wife but, he claims, some of his children
have deserted him since the woman who
ewore to honor and obey him ran off with
another man.
Small is still in Oakland, and he says
that he intends to stay here until the
rat; who disrupted his home Is brought
to justice. For the daughter who fol
lowed in her mother's footsteps, he has
no fear, for she is now in an institution
in San Francisco. According to his
friends. Small's love for his wife is gone.
Mrs. Small and her paramour, John
Giant, are in jail at Martinez and neith
er seems sorry for the 6tep taken in 1903 ,
that broke up the home of the Smalls.
"My husband treated me cruelly," said
Mrs. Small to-day, '"and when Grant
came to our house he offered me sym- .
pathy. 1 was tired of my husband's
abuse and finally, in despair, I decided to
join Grant.
"I went from Oswego to Seattle, where
Grant joined me later. Finding that my
husband was on our track, we went to
Monticello, in California, where we re
mained four months. When we learned
that my husband knew of our where
abouts, we moved to Point Richmond
end lived at the Golden Gate Hotel and
later kept house on Tunnel avenue. It
was while we were in Point Richmond
that my husband overtook us.
""1 do not think that Small cares for
me. He wants my property. In fact, he
pent me word that if 1 would deed to him
property valued at $2000 in Oregon, he
would not prosecute me for living with
Mr. Grant. 1 know that I have sinned
before heaven and before man, but I was
simply trying to avoid my' husband and
his cruelty."
Grant takes his arrest philosophically
and has little to say. He quietly admits
that he ran away with Mrs. Small, and
cays he did it because he knew of the
aluse her husband heaped upon "her and
btcause he was sorry for her.
Small denies that he was ever cruel to |
his wife. He was a man of considerable
property In Orrgon, owning a hotel itt
Oswego and farming property adjoining
the town. When his wife left him two
years ago he sold considerable of this
property and began a systematic search
for her. He brought, his three children
to Los Banos and left them" there while
he roamed about the country in search
of the erring pair. To add to his family
troubles, his eldest daughter, Emma, a
giri of 16. ran away from home last De
cember. She was caught in Oakland and
Ie now in a school in San Francisco,
where her father had her placed.
Small has sent for his other three chil
dren and they are expected to arrive here
to-morrow. He expects to use their tes
timony in prosecuting his wife and her
paramour.
"It is true that I made overtures to my
wife," said Small to-day. "I told her
that I would drop the prosecution against
her if she would tell the truth about
Grant and deed her property to her chil
dren. It was not in the nature of a
threat. I think I would take her back
now if she would come to me repentant.
She owns property in Oregon valued at
about $3000, and I want her to give that
to the children she has borne. I ask
nothing for myself. If this woman who
has piayed me false and for whom I
have been searching for two years will
do the right thing by the children I shall
be satisfied, so far as she is concerned,
but 1 shail still prosecute Grant. It is
he who wrecked my home.
"Emma, my daughter, declares that she
has not eeen her mother since we left
Oswego. I believe, however, that the
child kept her mother informed of my
movements and prevented me from find-
Ing her before. My boy Tom has aided
me in every way. alhough he is now little
over 15.
"I have spent $1200 already in this
search and I shall expend my last cent
to see Grant suffer for his transgressions.
If he is turned loose at Point Richmond,
look out for me. Our family was one of
the most respected in Oswego before my
wife ran away. The respectable people
we entertained little knew of the internal
strife until that woman cast conventions
to the winds and ran away with a sec
tion hand."
XO SUCCESSOB YET
TO KEY. CAHSON SHAW
Bishop Nichols Preaches in
Vacant Pulpit and Later
Confers With Vestrymen.
OAKLAND, Oct. 22. — BJshop Nichols
preached to-day at the Church of the
Advent, East. Oakland, from which par
ish the Rev. Willia.m Carson Shaw re
cently severed his connection as rec
tor. After to-day's ' services Bishop
Nichols eonffrrc-d with the vestrymen
of the church, ; ..';„:'.;::
While several names were mentioned
as possible candidates to succeed to
the rectorship, no choice was made.
Indeed the vestrymen of the Church
of the Advent seem inclined to take
their time in choosing Rev. Mr. Shaw's
successor. Among the names men
tioned as possible candidates were
those of Dr. Babb of Cleveland, Ohio;
Rev. Mr. Lee of St. James. San Fran
cisco, and Re-v. Ernest Bradley of St.
Stephens, San Francisco.
Said vestryman A. L. White this
evening: "We shall not hurry In the
isolpction of a rector. We do not de
sire to get too big a man nor too small
a man for the parish of the Church
or the Advent. At the conference to
day no action was taken. We shall
proceed slowly and try to meet the ex
pectations of the congregation.
BOIRKE COCKH.iX AT ST. MARY'S.
OAKLAND. Oct. 22. — Bourke Cock
ran will address the students of St.
Mary's College and their guests to
morrow at 10 a. m. Mr. Cockran Is a
graduate of the Manhattan College,
which is in charge of tne Christian
Brothers, as is St. Mary'a, and he has
been invited to give his last address in
California at the Institution of the
fcame order. He will be accompanied
by several of the prominent alumni of
tne college, who are residents of San
Franclsro. and at the conclusion of his
address will take the train for. the
Eaiit.
CHILDREN Of THE HOME DISRUPTED BY FLIGHT OF THE MOTHER WITH
JOHN GRANT. THE GIRL ALSO RAN AWAY AND IS NOW AN INMATE
OF A SAN FRANCISCO INSTITUTION.
WORSHIP PLACE
IS DEDICATED
Solemn Exercises Are Held
Marking the Union of
Congregational Churches
OAKLAND, Oct. 22.— Plymouth Congre
gational Church, the outgrowth of i the
union of the Plymouth Avenue Church
and the Oak Chapel Church of Piedmont,
was formally dedicated this afternoon,
the dedicatory sermon being delivered
by the Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor
of the First Congregational Church of
Oakland. A number of the pastors of
other Oakland churches took part in the
exercises, among them being the Rev. J.
K. McLean, the Rev. Burton M. Palmer,
the Rev. F. H. Maar, the Rev. H. E.
Jewett, Dr. Samuel H. Wiley and Pro
fessor Charles S. Nash.
Services were held In the new church
building, which is located on Howe street,
near Moss avenue, for the first time this
morning, communion being celebrated by
the Rev. Miles B. Fisher, the pastor of
the newly organized church. The open
ing tervict? was followed by a reception
: to the members of the church and an in
spection of the building:.
The dedicatory exerci.ses began at '\u25a0>
o'clock with an invocation by the Rev.
Burton M. Palmer, followed by a scrip
ture reading by the Rev. F. H. Maar.
pa-stor of the Fourth Congregational
Church. Historical sketches of thu
churches which have just united were
given by Arthur Arlett and Henry E.
Jewett, the former representing Oak
Chapel and the latter Plymouth Avenue
Church. Professor Charles S- Nash then
j expressed the good will of the fellowship
of churches to the newly established
church, after which the Rev. Charles R.
Brown delivered the dedicatory sermon.
At the close of his sermon Dr. Brown
congratulated the members of the con
gregation on the union of the two
churches into a single, stronger organiza
tion, the result of untiring labor for the
advancement of the Christian religion.
A feature of the exercises was the de
livery of the keys of the church by J.
Henry Atkins, the chairman of the build
ing committee, to W. K. Vickery, the
president of the board of directors of the
new church. The passing* of the keys was
followed by the act of dedica
tion, performed by the pastor of
the church and the congregation, and the
exercises ended with a prayer of dedi
cation by the Rev. J. K. McLean, presi- i
dent of the Pacific Tr.eological Seminary,
who for a number of yeara was pastor
of the Plymouth Avenue Church.
During the exercises several organ
numbers were rendered by Mrs. J. F. j
Hawley, and Mrs. Carroll Nicholson sang j
a contralto solo. > '.
The members of the committee in
charge of the dedicatory services were:
C. F. Mrs. W. S. Turner, Mrs.
C I. Mann, L. T. King and Vernon Hand
ley. r
STARR KIXG GROWS.
OAKLAND, Oct. 22.— The Starr King
Fraternity, which has just begun Its
twentieth season, has decided upon a
number of changes In regard to the j
i meetings of the fraternity, among the j
most important of which Is the open-;
Ing of the members' meetings j to |
friends of the members and the exten- j
sion of the scope of the public meet-!
, Ings. Hereafter no special Invitations' |
I will be sent to the.members of the or- ;
ganization regarding public meetings. '
! but a general invitation to the public
to attend will be issued through the
: press. 1
A notable programme has been ar- i
ranged for the meeting : to be held on]
i Thursday evening, October 26. when 1
papers will be presented on the "Ethics J
;of the Labor Question." Andrew Furu- *
seth, secretary of the Coast Seamen's!
Union, will present one of the papers,
and the other will be read by Charles
A. Murdock, a large employer of labor,
who Is well known as one of the falr r
ost and most liberal employers In the
Btate. '.
CITY OF MEXICO, Oct. 22.— The Comml..
eion of Parialtolory has be«n notified .- that ' a
disease has attacked pine forest* in various '
parts of the country and is likely, to caute
heavy locs to owners of timber lands. |
THE, SAN • FRANCISCO CALL,-- MONDAY;^ OCTOBER 23, 1905.
PAJAMERINO
FUNCTION AT
UNIVERSITY
BERKELEY. Oct. 22.— The big pajamertrto
rally, most popular of all the rallies, indulged
In by the student body, is scheduled to take
place In the Greek Theater next Thursday
night. Last year the theater was packed, 0000
persons witnessing the weird ceremonies which
the college boys performed In the oval between
the stage and the auditorium. An enormous
i bonfire will be kindled on me oval, a thousand
: students will surround it, clald In their pa
\u25a0 jamas, carrying torches and forming a great
: rooters' chorus. .Speeches will be made by old
1 college heroes, songs .will be sung, and as a cli
max to the evening's event there will be a ser
pentine, danced through the theater and then
on down through the campus into the heart of
the college town. t
Several lectures of more thap ordinary inter
est are en the calendar for me week. Profes
sor Means, the Government Irrigation expert,
who is connected with the reclamation servi"e
In the West, will discuss next Friday morning
••Irrigation in Egypt." This lecture will be in
connection with the short courses in agricul
ture, to be continued through the week, with
irrigation as one of the principal themes up for
discussion.
On Wednesday the entire day will be given
up to irrigation* matters, the following pro
gramme to be carried out: Ten a. m., "Ob
jects and Operation of Drainage Laws," by C.
G. Elliott; 'S p. m., "Uuslnf-ss Problems of
Pumping," by S. M.- Woodward; 7::lO p. m.,
"The Measurement of Water for Irrigation,"
by B. A. Etcheverry. On Thursday the pro
gramme will include a dlscufeion of "The Duty
of Water in Irrigation," by S. Fortier; 7:30
p. m., "Relation of Irrigation to Fruit Grow
ing." by K. J. Wickson, and on Friday a pa
pfr on "Mechanical Tests of Pumping Plants,"
by J. N. Le Conte.
Rev. E. L. Parsons, rector of St. Mark's
Church of Berkeley, will discuss before the
Philosophical Union next Friday evening the
subject: "The Apparent Connict of Reason and
Faith." •
"The Romance of the Hose" Is the title of a
lecture to be delivered by Professor S. A.
Chambers In the students' observatory n<xt
Thursday aftprnoon.
PROFIT-SHARING
PLAN REJECTED
Fall River Operatives Will
Not Accept the Proposals
of Cotton Manufacturers
|. FALL RI.VER, Mass., Oct. 22.— The
j Fall River Textile Council, represent
! Ing the organized cotton "mill opera
tives of the city, to-iday. decided to re
ject the offer made by the Manufaic
! turers' Association last week, to ad-
I vance wages 5 per cent and Introduce
! a profit-sharing plan. The council
! made a request for the restoration of
wages to the point prevailing before
the cut of 12V£ per cent, which went
I into effect on July 25. 1904. No trou
i ble in the mills Is anticipated and ; It
jis probable that further negotiations
j will be conducted during the. coming
! week.
1 The Textile Council held a special
session of two hours and a half dura
tion, and according to Secretary,
Thomas Taylor, the sentiment was
unanimous that the council; should In
sist .upon a straight advance of slight
ly over 14 per cent. The secretary -was
instructed to notify the association, to
that effect.
The members of the executive com
mittee of the' Manufacturers' Associa
tion, when ji Informed 5 of < the action of
the Textile Council, said that the 5 per,
cent Increase would go into effect to^
morrow in all, the ; print textile mills
in the city, *: •_ •" . .\u25a0":.? .
The' great majority of . the \ cotton
mills' in i Northern New England/ Rhode
Island,*'- Eastern. Connecticut v -and . in
other. Massachusetts \u25a0 towns ! will . not be
directly t affected"; by jitney? movement
here.'-< To-morrow's : advance; In this
city will affect "about '30.000; operatives."
Work will beresumedjby'allithe Fall I
River mills in;the* : mornlng,landilf any
trouble comes It is not* looked' for uni
til after Wednesday^ next ' •'\u0084;,-
'' ";' ' ; : '~ 'V i_[ .'!. /\u25a0: o •_. p
\u25a0V DRUNKEN" WOMEN 1 ARRESTED/—P6Hm-
miin Rlebl- arrested two: women » on . O'Farrell
Strfet-:la«t nleht who* w#w very, much intox
icated. \u25a0 They had a. three-year-old girl with
tlxtm. \u25a0 .They ..- gave their • names *at •- tha '\u25a0\u25a0- City
Prison bm Mn., Welr;and. Mrs/; Mills.. "
.:,.-\u25a0 -,:-:::--"\u25a0 :.-..,-'-.,/-;.'.. -\u25a0 y:/:^E :'--\u25a0-\u25a0: : ..; \
NAME OF NULDA
PROVIDES CLEW
Woman Wh o Passed as Wife
of Milton Andrews Identi
fied as an Adventuress
BETKAYED BY ACCENT
Colorado Police Send to Mar
shal Vollmer a Descrip
tion of Much Wanted Girl
| BERKELEY, 'Oct. 22.— Following close
• upon the heels of . the dispatch from
{ Denver to-day, which proved that Milton
I Andrews' female companion, as yet un
'. Identified, Is not Julia Ward, came to-day
.& letter to Marshal. Vollmer from W.S.
, Reynolds, former chief of police of Col
j orado Springs, providing new information
j with respect to the past career of Milton
j Andrews' present "wife." v .
' Reynolds says that Andrews, who was
J sought for by the police of Colorado
, Springs for the fiendish murder of Bessie ,
I Bouton last October, had with him when :
j last heard of, in Michigan, a woman com-
I panion whom he picked up in Michigan.
I a French-Canadian girl, named Nulda
Petre Olivia.
| This information tallies with William
Ellis' description of Andrews' female
'partner, for Ellis says she was always i
I called Nulda, and In other ways the two !
descriptions of the woman, given by El- I
Us and Chief Reynolds of Colorado j
Springs, tally. Marshal Vollmer is con.,
vinced that Andrews' wife is not ; Julia
Ward, of Denver, that identification
never having been positive here, and be
ing made quite worthless by the appear
ance of Miss -Ward In Denver at this
time.
The letter received by Marshal Vollmer
from Chief Reynolds of Colorado Springs
is as follows:
Dear Sir — The description of the man want
ed' in your city for assault fills th« bill of
Mtlton Franklin Andrews, wanted here for
the murder of Bes»l« Bouton. You mentioned
tn your letter that he had a number of fancy
vests. Franklin was a great fellow for vests
and .had several made in Denver. Will you
look up the makers' names and if you can find
any send me a list of them. Did you find
any laundry marks on his clothes? If so, I
can tell by them if he is Franklin.
The; last trace I had of them waa up in
Michigan and he was heading for Boston. At
that time he had a woman with him whom he
had picked up in that State. The descrip
tion I got of her was follows: The name she
gave was Nulda Petre Olivia. I see the woman
tn your circular was named Nulda, which
makes . me think she is the iame party. Her
height was five feet- two inche?; weight, 115 to
120: age, about 18; dark eyes; very black hair;
medium build; dark complexion. The party
who furnished me with her description said
she looked like a French woman and talked
with a French accent. She had a larue tur
quoise ring, surrounded with about twenty
small diamonds, and I see in your description
the Brush woman had a ring set with dia
monds. The Bouton woman had a ring of thts
description.
William Ellis, now in the hospital here,
convalescing from his injuries sustained
when Andrews attempted to murder him,
a fortnight ago, was shown Chief Rey
nolds' description of Andrews' female
companion and said:
That description fits the Andrews woman
perfectly, and is precisely the sort of descrip
tion 1 gave the police the night Andrews tried
to kill me. Her name, Nulda, is peculiar and
\u25a0O far as I know she has never .changed it.
She was short, black hatred, yo years old, wor»
the ring this Colorado Springs man writes of,,
and also she spoke with a French accent. She
talked often of Montreal and other Canadian
places, and seemed to regard them as homo.
I know, too, that she had been in Buffalo,
and had been married thereto a proprietor of
several saloons, a man named Steele. She
used to say that she had been with Andrews
lor about eighteen months, and if that is true
she must have been with Andrews when he
murdered this Bouton woman in Colorado.
Ellis' deposition, embodying , all the
facts that relate to Andrews' and the
woman's murderous assault upon him a
week ago last Wednesday, will be taken
before District Attorney Allen as soon
as Ellis is able to leave the hospital,
which will be during the coming week.
With the deposition intact, there will
be comparatively little demand from Ellis
at Andrews' trial, in the way of direct
testimony, assuming that Andrews ever
is captured b%- the police. Ellis, accord
ingly, will find himself free to leave for
Australia whenever he desires, after his
deposition is taken. - \u25a0 \u25a0
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
MACCABEES WILL, ENTERTAIN. — Oak
land, Oct. 22.— 8ay0 Vista Tent No. 91, Knight?
of the Maccabe«e. will give a ladies' night at
Ben Hur Hall the evening of November 1. An
unusually interesting entertainment bas been
arranged.
POLICEMAN'S TRlAL,.— Alameda, . Oct. 22.
Policeman Fred Brampton, against whom
charges have been preferred by Chief of Police
John Conrad, will be tried by the City Trus
tees to-morrow evening. The hearing will
take place- in the City Hall, \u0084
DISLOCATES SHOULDER IN FALL.—Ala
meda. Oct. 22*.— Charles W. Miller of 901 Santa
Clara avenue while attempting to alight from
a cable car on Market street In San Fran
cisco yesterday slipped upon the pavement and
dislocated his left shoulder.
BENEFIT FOR COLORED FOLK.—Oak
land. Oct. 22. — A masquerade ball for the bene
fit of the Home of Aged and Infirm Colored
People will be held next Thursday evening in
Foresters' Hall, Thlrteentn and Clay . streets.
An elaborate programme will be rendered.
WIFE CAUSES, HUSBAND'S ARREST.—
Oakland, Oct. 22. — Henry Kohler. a laborer
living at 1159 Third street, was arrested - this
afternoon on a charge of disturbing the peace
of his wife, Mary Kohler. The couple- had
trouble at their home and Policeman McCarthy
was called to remove the o a ffend!ng husband.
FEW PRISONERS IN ' COUNTY *t JAIL.—
Oakland, Oct. 22. — In. the memory of the old
est Inhabitant of the County Jail there has
never been a time when co few prisoners . were
confined In that Institution as there are : at'
the present time. There are but twenty-seven
prisoners confined In' the Jail, and A number of
these are Federal prisoners. '\u25a0 :
IMPRESSIVE FUNERAL SERVICES.— Oak-
Iand, Oct. 22. — Th« funeral of William Joseph.
I who died Thursday after a brief Illness, was
I held -yesterday at St. Joseph's Church and the.
J Interment was In St. Mary's Cemetery. - The
pall bearers were P. C. WiUon, M. Jordan, J.
Murphy, G. A. Hippan.^D." Jerome and H. Mc-
Gee. . - \u25a0;\u25a0
JUDGE WHITEMAN- IS BETTER.—Oak
land, Oct. 22. — Judge W. H. Whiteman. who
Is seriously 111 at the Hotel' Metropole, is re
ported to b« slightly .better , to-day, but \u25a0 his
physician, Dr. .M . :M . . Enos. ". saya • that ; he Is
net yet out of danger and will not be for some
; days. - For a tlm« it was \u25a0 feared that Judge
| , Whiteman' s Illness would have a fatal termi
' nation: ... . ..
! CONGREGATION ELECTS OFFICERS.—
1 Oakland. Oct. 22. — The congregation of Beth
I Jacob has- elected the- following officers for
i the ensuing year: 'President,' H. Davi*;*vlce
| president. M. Isaacs ; I treasurer. P.' Bakar ; j «ec
\u25a0 cretary. D. Bercovlteh; trustees — M. '."\u25a0 Jonas,' D. ;
Moecowltz, M. Marklowltz, H. B> Kat», A. B.
Hlrshlander. I. Wollen, ' A. \u25a0 Davla and S.'.Llch
tencteln.. r .:•;.. j,. ', . ;..;•' .: •\u25a0-... , t ."••.-. ' ":{
: IAID TO REST.— Oakland. Oct. 22.— The
funeral of John ;,W«mmer, ; who \u25a0\u25a0 was drowned
\u25a0 In the bay two .weeks ago and. whose body was ;
. recovered Friday on the shore' near Tlburon,"!
; was held at 2 ' p. \u25a0 m. • \u25a0 this afternoon ; from , the '
family re»ldenc«, s 1766 Fifth street. The ser
: vices,. which were conducted by the Rev. -J. ;H. '
.TelsH, pastor of Evangelical Lutheran Church, 1
were i attended by '- many - friends :\u25a0. of th« ' de
ceased, :\u25a0\u25a0 and ' • the - casket \u25a0 was - hidden ; among
the floral offerings. The pallbearers were
Steven Connolly. James McDonald. \u25a0 Harry
SDier, •\u25a0 Daniel .O'Keef*. John Sllva and CO.'
Musser. : . Interment :w«» In Mountain •« View
Cemetery. ,-. ; ...":-. /'"--\u25a0.-.",.,- - \u25a0 ' .-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 -.- ..- :
• WILL, GIVE, WHIST PARTY.— Oakland.
Oct. 22.— The members of Oakland; Council -No
6.,, Young Men's Instltute,,\wlll give a whist
party at Foresters' | Hall next Thursday ". even
ing; -iTho committee; ln charge: has secured "a
number; of handsome ; prizes.: r. Those- In. charge
of the affair are: ; A.^D. ; McKlnnon, ; M. j Mad- ,
. - ,-\u25a0\u25a0" : i_ r- '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 'i • \u25a0 ' '' * ' \u25a0 . \u25a0-. ,'-*- a \u25a0\u25a0..-\u25a0-. ..... it.
BUYING TRACTS
IN THE COUNTRY
Section Between Oakland and
San Leandro Is Given At
tention by Speculators
BIG BOOM IS EXPECTED
Construction of the Western
Pacific and the Key Route
Doubles the Value of Land
- OAKLAND. Oct. 22.— The fact that
work upon the Western Pacific Railroad
has all but begun has turned the atten
tion of speculators to, the country between
Oakland and Hay wards, and there is ev
ery indication' that there will be an ac
tivity In that direction this winter equal
to : the activity that followed the con
struction of the Santa Fe through Ber
keley into Oakland. \u25a0
"The conditions south of Oakland are
•similar to the conditions that existed
a few. years ago between Oakland and
Berkeley. There is the : promise of the
construction of another overland railroad
through this section, and the Oakland
Taction ( Company Is preparing to recon
struct its Hay wards line so as to ulti
mately r carry> Key Route cars right
through Fruitvale, Fltchburg. . Elmhurst.
San Leandro and Into Hay wards. When
these are accomplished facts it is expected
that there will be a boom in real estate
similar to that which followed railroad
construction . In Berkeley.
There Is. a movement, more in tracts
of land than In small lots in this sec
tion. i f Speculators know that there Is
money to bo made tn purchasing tracts
and sellng them off In lots when the
railroad construction begins, and acre
age Is in demand. "
The only thing that Is delaying a defin
ite boom in this section is a little uncer
tainty about the exact route of the West
ern Pacific between Oakland and Nllesi
Surveyors are working In every direc
tion, and no less than half a dozen routes
have been surveyed, but none selected.
When the exact route is chosen there will
be a scramble to get in at bottom prices.
Land could have been purchased two
years ago in this section for about half
the figure that It is now held at since
the Western Pacific has become an as
sured fact. \u25a0
Fred A. Campbell has succeeded S. P.
Meads in the real estate firm of Meads
& Bell, the firm now. becoming Bell &
Campbell.- Mr. Campbell is thoroughly
acquainted with Oakland real estate. He
has lived here ever since 18C5 and has
been a witness of the wonderful develop
ment upon this side^of the bay; he Is
very well known in Oakland.
The Fruitvale Garage. Company will
construct new quarters in that section,
and will begin to operate upon an elab
orate scale.
The Rudell Real Estate Company of
Fruitvale is issuing a weekly sheet known
as the Fruitvale Bulletin, devoted to the
advancement of that section, and giving
a list of real estate that can be pur
chased In that neighborhood. They es
timate that more than $25,000 worth of
real estate has been sold In Fruitvale In
the last month, and that building con
tracts amounting to $60,000 have been
placed.
Charles F. Lee has purchased from Otto
A. Petersen the northeast corner of
Fruitvale avenue and Washington street,
and will erect thereon a three-story gran
ite building.
The Fruitvale Board of Trade will hold
a meeting during the first week in No
vember to discuss incorporation. Dele
gates will be present from every improve
ment club or organization of similar char
acter between the Oakland city lino and
San Leandro, and the matter of- turning
this unincorporated section into a city
will be thoroughly gone over. The north
west corner of Telegraph and Du
rant avenues In Berkeley has been sold
by the Mason-McDufne Company for W.
E. Knowles to Charles H. and E. M.
Wall of Alameda. 1 The sale price was
$17,500, and the purchasers will erect
thereon a building to cost $30,000.
The Berkeley Real Estate Exchange
held its annual banquet during the last
week. The • meeting appointed a com
mittee consisting of Dr. Lyman Allen,
Oliver Youngs, Philo Mills, P. F. Brad
hoff, Walter Woolsey and M. P. AJ
beeto confer, with the local Board of
Trade about forming one central organ
ization that would take in hand the gen
erar advertising of Berkeley. Many im
portant suggestions were made by the
different speakers. It was Dr. Lyman
Alton's idea that caused the appointment
of the above committee. \u25a0 Oliver Young 3
spoße upon the necessity of high stand
ards In the. real estate business. P. F.
Bradhoff made several suggestions about
beautifying Berkeley and utilizing
the many , natural advantages of
the . town. . George Sully wanted a
booklet issued about Berkeley for general
circulation. M. P. Albee advanced the
very excellent Idea of a union depot for
both the Key Route and the Southern'
Pacific. ln the heart of Berkeley.
The Oakland Board of Trade has com
municated with : the City Council about
relieving the congestion of travel at the
corner of Fourteenth . street and . Broad
way. They want a portion of the Play
ter property bought by the city before
the new building Is erected thereon. A
committee consisting of C. J. Heeseman,
Hugo Abrahamson and C. L. Smith was
appointed to confer with other organiza
tions about running excursions into Oak
land from outside towns.
EAR IS SHOT OFF.
BERKELEY, Oct. 22.— Daniel Begley,
21 years old and living with his. father,
Patrick Begley; on Rose street In North
Berkeley, , had a "narrow escape from
having, his head blown off ' this evening
while returning from a hunting trip,
and as It was he lost one ear. With
Daniel Hassey. Edward Sldel^ and Ed
ward Parsons he was returning In a
cart from , Orinda Park, when he at
tempted to draw his gun from under
the seat to take out the cartridges.
The hammer, of the weapon caught in
the blanket and it was discharged, the
shot tearing off Begley's left ear and
seriously Injuring -his. head.
JOINS HEALTH BOARD.
\u25a0MOUNTAIN ». VIEW r . Oct. 23. — Dr.
Thomas -Ross; has been .appointed a
members.of rthV local 'Board of .Health
by tlieiTown" Trustees. .He will fill the
vacancy, caused; by the- resignation of
Charles Mills. - .
den. Alex .'Wateri.*- Thomas Gallagher and"W."
V. Harringtons The whist club organized some
tlm» ago in Bt.^:il«abeth-8 parish in. Fruitvale
ha»jb«>en;reorganUed: - 'At a meeting of 'the
four societies of the parish F.-W. Stromterg of
Oakland was elected president.- P. -=w. .Erhirt
of Fruitvale * vice « president, . A. J. . Miller of
Fruitvale ««cretary i and Mr«v John Keppach cf
Twenty-third avenue treasurer. -\u25a0
, John . Whltcorhbe, a septuagenarian! In
mate ;of- a * London- workhouse. . died '\u25a0 sud
denly;^,while i attending,' a service in the
chapel.^'•Was there " anything to bring on
the seizure?'* .another v inmate was ; asked
at >the {inquest. "No," : was the' reply,"
"unless iit waa , the ' preaching." .
FLOWER SHOW
BIG SUCCESS
Com petition A mong G rowers
Brings a Great Variety
of Beautiful Blossoms
PHIZES AEE AWAKDED
James Flood Takes Holbrook
and Smith Cups, While
Cory ell Wins Lynch Medal
J PALO ALTO. Oct. 22.— Plants and blos
| soms from the homes of San Francisco
society people competed successfully -with
those of professional florists at the Menlo
i Park Horticultural Society's show, which i
' ended last night. Automobiles and liver- :
[ led turnouts bare the smart set to view '
! the display In 'the huge tent at Menlo !
> and witness the awarding of prizes. |
i Strong rivalry among the florists de
veloped the be3t collection of ferns, cut
| blossoms and potted plants that has ever i
i been exhibited at a like show.
i " James L. Flood won the Holbrook cup
, for the best display of ferns. J. B. Coryell
| won the Michael Lynch memorial medal
for the best collection of decorative plants
and J. Henry Meyer took second prize,
James L. Flood's display' of plants was
third. Possibly the most beautiful display
of all w-as the thirty-six cv: bloom chrys
anthemums ' contributed by James L.
Flood. This display won the Christopher
Smith cup over Coryell.
The other prizes were:
Best collection carnations— Frank Mills first
prize; also best dozen white carnations; chrys
anthemums, best eighteen cut blooms — J. I*.
Flood first prize, Christopher Smith second
prize; cottage cut blooms — Harry Deck; beet
light yellow cut blooms — Christopher Smith;
beet white cut blooms — W. J. Adams first
prize. J. L. Flood second: dahlias — Best thirty
six. Timothy Hopkins first prlie, George A.
Pope second; best twelve cactus dahlias — D. V.
Tuttle first prize. James L.. Flood second; deco
rative dahlias — G. A. Pope first prize, Timothy
Hopkins second; show dahlias — G. A. Pep* first
prize, Timothy Hopkins second; Pompone dah
lias—G. A. Pop«> seedling dahlias— W. H.
Crocker; novelties — G. A. Pope; begonias and
tuberous — James L. Flooc, and Rex. James L.
Flood; colias — Best collection. James I* Flood;
under glass chrysanthemum* — Twelve pink.
Timothy Hopkins; twelve white. H. U Goertz
haln; twelve yellow, Timothy Hopkins; roses —
Liberty and Bride, Sidney Clark; American
Beauties. James L. Flood.
APPOINTED TO SACRAMENTO.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Oct. 22.— Rev. C.
Todd Clark of the local Christian
church has been appointed to fill the
pulpit at Sacramento. Rev. F. Z. King,
who has been pastor of the local Pres
byterian church here for four months,
has resigned to accept a pastorage at
Petersburg, Ind.
HIGH SCHOOL ORCHESTRA.
• MOUNTAIN VIEW. Oct. 22. — A high
school orchestra has been organized
here and it Israpidly becoming one of
"the features of school life. The mem
bers are: John Sinz, leader; Ralph Mac-
FJirlane, Mrs. H. Lee. Charles Atkins,
John Bubb. Isabel Morton and Miss
Wllllston. - T .
LOUBET SPEEDS
THROUGH SPAIN
Enthusiastic Demonstration
Attends His Departure
. for Alfonso's Capital
PARIS, Oct. 22.— President Loubet left
Paris for Madrid this mornlns. accorar
panied by Premier Rouvier, to return the
recent visit to France of Kfng Alfonso.
The departure from the Orleans station
was made the occasion of an enthusiastic
demonstration by enormous crowds. On
the platform was a br.l.l.int asjemblagj
of officials, including all the members of
the Cabinet or their representatives, the
president of the Senate and Chamber of
Deputies and distinguished military offi
cers, as well as many Spanish residents
of Paris. The Presidential . train left
amidst sustained cheering and a saluta
by a guard of honor.
At all the stations on the way to the
frontier there were crowds and provincial
authorities, who greeted * the President
with intermingled cheers ror France and
Spain. There was an official reception at
the frontier town of Irun, where a
special mission in behalf or King Alfonso
met and welcomed the President.
The President will continue his journey
through the night and will arrive at the
Escurlal at noon to-morrow, where he
will place a wreath on the grave of King
Alfonso XII. , He will then proceed to
the capital, where he will be received in
state at the railroad station by King Al
fonso. --
MOSCOW IUILROAD
TRAFFIC PARALYZED
Cit.y Shut Off From Commun
ication With the Rest of
the World.
MOSCOW, Oct." 22.— Traffic on seven of
the nine main trunk arteries of com
merce radiating from Moscow was com
pletely paralyzed to-day by the railroad
strike, and the commercial heart of Rus
sia has been shut off from all communi
cation with the rest of the Empire, ex
cept with . the narrow section to the
Northwestward, Including St. Peters
burg and the Baltic 'provinces. Though
the government has ordered the railroad
battalions of the army to proceed to Mos
cow and take . the places of the strikers
for the' purpose of. restoring traffic, the
revolutionists, by 1 a sudden and unexpect
ed blow, have shown their, ability to lay
their hands on the throats of the na
tion's commercial life.
The employes, of four railroads struck
to-day, and only the lines running over
the - Nlcholal road . to St. Petersburg and
over the Windau and : Rybinsk road to
Riga and other Baltic ports are open.
Traffic is at a standstill on the .Kazan
line and on the line to Yaroslav ' and
Archangel. The strikers ~. to-day forced
the employes , of the general offices and
financial departments of .three lines, the
Windau and Rybinsk, ; the Moscow and
Brest-Lltovsk and.the-Kieff and Voron
esth to quit work. *
The city . Is already feeling .the effect
of a milk and meat famine, and a few
days' continuance of .the "strike : will
cause serious embarrassment and '. even
suffering. to the population. The renewal
of the factory, strikes Is not Improbable. '-:
Sir Mortimer Durand lays - great stress
on " the duty of mission boards - to ' send
out only wlse:and able men. letting qual
ity and not quantity take the precedence."
WATER SUPPLY
IS ENDANGERED
Dr.- Branner Avers Spring
Valley Wells Will Ee
duce "Value of Other Holes
WILL STOP OPERATIONS
Aid of Nearby Residents to
,Be Enlisted to Prevent
. Completion of the Work
Special Dispatch to The Call.
1 PALO ALTO. Oct. 22.— Befora an excited
meeting of local residents with the Board
of Trade last night, Dr. J. C. Branner,
the geologist of Stanford University, said •
that if the Spring Valley Water Company
wa3 not prevented from boring: wells
along the bay, the water supply^ of Palo
Alto, Stanford University, Mayfleld and
Leal's addition will be stopped. .
The magnitude of the danger was
further explained when it was assarted
that no reservoir site In the hills is pos->
iible to furnish this locality. The sols
source of supply Is in the artesian wells
and their value to Palo Alto 13 becoming
less each day.
Charles and Hall, who investigated the
operations cf the Spring: Valley Company,
reported that they were thrown off the
premises near Cooley'a landing by a
guard. They said admittance was strict
ly prohibited and that the boring of wells
was being carried on in greatest secrecy.
Cooley, owner of some of the land near
the scene of operations, told of the lower
ing of water In the wells oh his place
from one to three feet since the wells
were bored by the Spring Valley Com
pany.
The Indignation of the people present In
creased with the recitation of Impending
danger. All were in favor of recourse to
law in order to prevent the work. The
Stanford University trustees will ba en
listed to support the cause, and the May
field people will be asked to co-operate
when the time comes to act.
MOUXTAIN VIEW OFKKIIS
BO>US TO MANUFACTURERS
Sum Placrd "With Committee an an In
ducement to Procure location .
of I nil c» trie*.
MOUNTAIN VIEW. Oct. 22.— A bonus
of $2000 is being advertised by the
local Board of Trad* as an inducement
for manufacturing industries to locate
here. A permanent committee Is to be
appointed at the next meeting oX the
board in order to keep In touch with
prospective locators.
VETERANS TO ORGANIZE.
MOUNTAIN VIEW. Oct. 22.— A meet
ing of all Civil War veterans will be
held in Masonic Hall. October 24. for
the purpose of organizing a post of
the Grand Army of the Rep'ubllc. Ad
jutant General Roberts. Department of
California, will address the old sol
diers. ' ' * \u25a0• \u25a0"'• ,- •>-.
STATUE OF POPE
PIUS UNVEILED
Monument Dedicated in the
Little Venetian Village in
Which Pontiff Was Born
ROME, Oct. 22.— A monument to . Pope
Plus X. subscribed for by Catholics all
over the world, was unveiled this morn-
Ing at Riese. the little village In th*»
Venetian province where the Pope was
born. His Holiness* is represented In the
act of administering a benediction.
The entire village waa decorated and
national flags were conspicuous every
where. 'The wall were covered with in
scriptions, one of which read: "Long live
Pius X, the first cftlxen of the world."
The authorities formed a procession
headed by the patriarch of Venice and
six bishops of the neighboring dioceses
to the house where the Pope was born.
The eldest sister of the Pope and other
relatives, who own an Inn called "The
Two Swords." where they themselves
serve the customers.' were the recipients
of much attention. Many telegrams were
sent to his Holiness.
DR. PIERCItrS REaiCTIES.
Who would exchange the merry nofse of
children at play, with the childless home
where the clock tick can be heard hour
\u25a0Jtor hour in the dull silence ? But there
>^ are a great many who would
-t\2s like- to people the silent
jd^ff/ house with the children th3t
jJ??£»N> fate has refused them. Fata
iP|£srV is often In' thi3 case oniy
eSrorv another word for iarnorance.
wg^Yl Many a tflad mother dates
her happiness from the
1//*^ /f mm *\ <* a y s Qe flra* began tha
km (I K^ s^ n96 °' D° ctor Pierce**
AJffifc_ wT j Favorite Prescription.
*^y n^_/ It often happens that
. with the curs of female
weakness and the establishing of the deli-
cate womanly organs In sound health, tha
way is opened for the joy of motherhood.
n Favorite Prescription" is a specific for
the chronic ailments peculiar to women.
It cures them - perfectly „\u25a0 .yr^
and permanently. r^h J*jk
Ho other medicine can vjo~A. 9 y
do for women so much as vmsZ^c^
" Favorite Prescription.* Vgf>y
Do not therefore let any //fim^ f\
other medicine be palmed , ///J if jl \ \u25a0
off on you as "Just as r ?{H] jIV
- Favorite Prescription • A^ I II fik
contains no alcohol, opl- VjwJ« | M>
am, cocaine or other nar- M- '^
cotic. It is strictly a jSB
temperance medicine. —^3wB»
•I can truly say jour medicine Is » friend
of mine," writes Mrs. Arthur Bratt. of Am*
herstbunr. Ontario. Canada. «I am mother
of four children and suffered creatly at times
of birth of first three. When three months
alone with. the last one I began to think of
trylnff some medicine to ease those terribU
pains, and asked our doctor whether there
wu anythlnjr ha could elve me to lessen la-
bor pains. He said there wsa nothing- tha*
could hsl pma I then thought I would wrtt«
jo Dr. Pierce. He advised me to take bis
FaTorite Prescription.' I started to take it
at fourth month. I was wy weak, had heart
trouble and would faint away two or three
times a day.' Our doctor could not help me
and Ufa waa a dr a*. I would often sar. oh. If
I could only die in one of these spells; but I
took fire bottles of 'Favorite Prescription*
and felt better every way. pot alon« well at
the time of delivery. I had heard of painless
childbirth, and I thought It must be a»ffood
medicine that would help those pains, but I
know now for myself, and can not tell It plain
enoturh.* Your 'Favorite Prescription » Is the
bast medicine as we mothers know. - I advise
my friends to 'try It. Baby is now four
months old and Is a strong* healthy boy."
. Or. Pierce* Pellets Cure Const^atiouk,SIBERIA'S RECORD RUN
AROUSES INTEREST.
EXPECTED EARLY TO-DAY
May Lessen Time
Made by Sister
Ship.
Tugs to Meet Miss
Roosevelt and
Harriman.
~ There was a great deal of guessing
and discussion along the water front
yesterday regarding the time of the ar
rival of the Siberia from Yokohama,
and what speed she would make across
the Paiclflc.
Ab she Is reported to be making a
record run, all kinds of guesses were
hazarded. She lias Mr. Harriman and
family and Mi*s Roosevelt and party
en board, and naturally with these dis
tinguished personages as passengers a
double Interest Is taken In her arrival
here. In order to make the same time
as the Korea'made when she brought
Secretary Taft across she should ar
rive here by 9:50 .this morning. This
would make her time of run ten days
and eleven hours. It is expected, how
ever, that she will beat this time and
come In early this morning. On her
trial trip the Siberia steamed twenty-one
knote an hour, whereas the Korea only
made nineteen knots an hour on her
trial trip.
The tues Slocum and Arabs had
r?am ut> last night, ready to go / to.
meet her at daybreak this morning, or
as soon thereafter as the quarantine
officers had finished their examinations.
The Slocum will bring Miss Roosevelt
find party ashore, and the Arabs will
land Mr. Harriman and family.
Boat "Vrnrl.r Stamped.
Karl Knell and Arthur Logoman ventured
o-jt en the bay yeeterday in a ?ir.a!i rowboat
and came near being swamped when oft Goat
Island. They were rescued by Tom Crowley.
*ho happened to be passing at the time with
his launch Meteor. The boys, who reside at
3325 Mission street. In this city, went to Oak
land joptcrday morning and hired the boat
frcm Peterson's Boathouse. They were cau
tioned not Xo go outside the estuary Into the
bay. They did not heea the warning, but
pulled boldly toward Sausalito. As they
a "lunded the northern point of Goat Island they
rrtLti Into a rauxh, choppy sea and a strong cur
rent. The boat and the T>oys became utterly
h^lplfse. Every wave swashed oxer them and
the boat be gan "to fill. They dropped their oars
end taking off th^ir coat* waved them in the
\u25ba troiig brt-oze and at the same time shouted for
Assistance. Orowley fortunately happened to be
r.car at hand, and went to their rescue. The
boat was almost swamped when he took them
on the Meteor.
Work Prosxesulnß Fait.
Work on the steamer Alameda, now on
the drydoek at the Union iron Works, is pro
tr«>E!ng fast. It will take about thirty-live
iJavg before 'ihe work on the hull Is completed.
Ix "is exj^cted she will be ready to enter her
r. ~ \u25a0 - .-nm m TJnnr.'iilii *>n r!v in December.
Crovrd* Visit Falke.
Crowds visited the German cruiser Falke
yesterday. The day was perfect and the trip
or. the l>ay delightful. ; "f '•_\u0084
<.ets n-b Hook In Hand.
' Henry Btelner. residing at 2C7 Shipley street,
went to Sausalito yeeterday with hl6 father
and mother to catch salmon. While he was
trying to bait his hook it slipped and went
Into 'one finger of his right hand. He was
brought back to th«» city and taken to the
Harbor Emergency Hospital, where Dr. Till
man cut the hook out.
Ventura Due To-Day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Ventura is due to arrive to-day from Sydney,
via Auckland and Honolulu.
SHIPPING IXTELLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 22.
A Etznr Breakwater, Johnson, S3 hours from
\u25a0* Coo? Bay.
Strr.r Alcazar, Fosen. 43 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Brunewick. Ellefsen. 13 hours from !
Fort Bragg. •
Stmr Newsboy. Johnson. 1* hours from
Point Arena. •
Stmr Newburg, Johnson. «3 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Westport. Carlaon. 18 hours from
"Westport.
Stmr Prentlss, SchllUnsky, 23 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr San P*dn>. R&smussen, 24 hours from
Eureka
Stmr Maggie, Corning; 4 hours frwm Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Eanta Cruz, C&no, 10 hours from Santa
Cruz.
' .Stmr Arctic, N«lson. 26 hours from Etureka.
Stmr Wasp, Wehsiaa, 28 hours from Alcatras
l»r.ding.
Stmr Sea Foam, Miller, IS hours from Men
docino. via Point Arena 8 hours.
Stmr National City, Haromar. 16 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Asuncion. McKellar, — hours from
6eattle.
BkUi Planter. Meyer. 7 days from Port
Blakelej*-
Bktn. N/orthweet, Rlttlne, 10 days from Port
Blakelcy.
Schr Oakland. Hughes, &8 hours from Co
quille River. '"- 1 '
Scar Corinthian. Lvberg. 2 days from
Schr*Marjr C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo-
Schr G2*n£al«t Gronberg. 6 days from Coos
Bay.
fcchr Alvena. Johnson. 8 days from Tacoma.
SAILED.
Saturday, October 21.
Etmr Poma, Reinertsen. Albion.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson. Astoria.
6tmr Chic* Johnson, Fort Bragg.
;.jA.k Sunday, October 22.
Btmr Slaggle. 'Coming. Halfmocn Bay.
Sttzu* Santa K»a. Alexander, San Diego.
£tasr MelviU« Dollar. Foeen, Seattle.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepson, Victoria.
Etmr North Fork, Nelson. Enireka.
Btmr Rival, Halversen, Flehermans Bay.
fctrnr American, Col cord, Seattle and Ta
eorr.a.
Bark Fresno. FeUreon, Port Gamble. - *~ . ;\u25a0
Bktn J M Griffith, BeatUa. Port Hadlock.
Schr Marconi, Larsen. Coos Bay. .
Schr Ottlllle Fjord, Bosch, E-ureka. la tow
of stmr North Fork.
TELEGRAPHIC.
\u25a0 POINT IX>BOS. Oct 22, 10 p m— W«atber
cloudy; wind SW; velocity C miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 21 — Stmr Aber
deen, from Aetoria.
PORT TOWhTSEND— SaiIed Oct 21— Br uhip
Bl^rra Lucena. for Sydney.
Arrrived Oct 22^ — Nor Etmr Vanadia, from
Muroran.
ROCHE HARBOR— Arrived Oct 21— Brig W
O Irwin, hence Oct 8.
TACOMA — Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Czarina, |
from Coos Bay.
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 22 — Stmr Humboldt.
from Skagway; etmr laqua, hence Oct 17;
stair Portland, from Juneau. Oct 21 — Stmr
Shtlikof. from Uyak. I
ECllEKA— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Bee, hence '
Oct 20; stmr Vanguard,- hence Oct 21.
Sailed Oct 22 — Stmr Eureka, for San. Fran-
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct 22— G<?r chip Elbek.
for Queenstoivn; schr Ethel Zane.' for Saa
Dicso.
Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Roanoke. from Coo*
Bay.
HEDONDO — Arrrived Oct 22— Stmr Atlas.
with >»arge «3 la tow. hence Oct 20.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 22— Schr Jeseie
Minor, hence Oct 6. "
TATOOSH — Passed in Oct. 22— Bark Emily
F Whitney, hence Oct i for Seattle.
Passed out Oct 22— Er ship Sierra Lucena.
fcr Sydney.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Oct 22— Schr Azalea,
from Redondo. . . •
j SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed Oct 22— Stmr
of California, for San Francisco. '
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Oct 22^ — tJtmr Chlco,
lor Union. Landing.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived- Oct 22— aimr
Weather Report.
(I2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN" FRANCISCO.' Oct. 22—5 p. m.
The following are the maximum tempera
tures reported to-day from stations in Cali
fornia:
Eureka sCjfx>s Angeles 64
San Francisco OOSacramcnto T2
Independence .'CO San L,uis Oblspo 60.
Kcd Dluff .TSSan Diego -...6o
Fresno ...^...78 rSsir-»^, ; .
THE COAST ItECORD.
3 2 2 0 2^
I 3 3g 33 |2 iZ . v
STATIONS. . % .^| »| T§ |° •
; ; % % \ " '• :
Baker 80.16 24 6 Clear -CO
Carson 25.02 63 24 XE Clear .00
Eureka 28.9* CO 42 SW Cloudy .00
Fresno 29. 8 C CS 42 S Cloudy .00
SB. F*ra110n.2&.34 T.d .. SW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.79 60 24 S Pt.Cldy .01
Independence .29.84 60 36 KW Pt.CMy -00
Los Angeles. .29.96 64 64 W Pt.Cldy .08
Mt Tamalpals.29.os 4!> .. Xff Pt.Cldy .00
North Head... 29.96 52 44 SW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.74 82 62 S ' Pt.Cldy .00
Pt. R*ye« Lt.2».91 hi' .. N* Cloudy .CO
Pocatello 30.04 56 24 SW Clear .CO
Portland 29.92 C 2 44 XW Clear .OO
Red Bluff 29.84 78 66 8 Clear CO
Roseburg 29.04 M 36 NW Clear .00
' Sacramento ..29.58 72 40 S Clear .00
Salt I<alce 29.94 56 .. NW Clear .00
i 6an Frandsco.29.96 60 C 2 W Clear .00
San Joea 29.92 72 .. SW Clear .00
;S. L. 0bi5p0.29.96 66 M IV Cloudy Tr.
: San Diego ...29.94 66 56 SW Pt.Cldy .12
Seattle ...\...29.»8 SO 32 S Cloudy .00
Spokane 30.02 60 28 E Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 29.96 48 42 W Bain .01
I Walla Wa11a.. 30.00 6« 32 SW Clear .CO
Wlnnwnucca .29.P2 62 26 KB Clear .00
; Turns, 29. 7S 80 52 W Clear .02
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
Cloudy vreather prevails over Arizona,
Southern Nevada, Southern California and
Northern Washington ; elsewhere on the Pa
cific Slope it is fair. Light rain has fallen In
Arizona, Southern Utah and the extreme
northwestern portion of Washington. L-lght
rain f«ll last night on the Southern California
coast.
The preseure has risen along: the California
coast and fallen rapidly over Washington and
Oregon.
Tht temp#ra.tur» ha» fallen in the Interior
of California.
Conditions are favorable for light showers
in the San Joaquin Valley. Southern Califor
nia and the extreme northwestern, portion of
Northern California Monday.
FORECAST FOR MONDAY, OCTOBER 23:
San Fraecisco and vicinity — Cloudy Monday;
light southwest wind.
• Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy, probably
showers. Monday; light west wind.
Sacramento Valley — Cloudy Monday; light
south wind.
San Joaquin Valley — Cloudy, probably show
ers. Monday., light south wind.
Coast — Cloudy Monday: probably showers
south of Point Conception and north of Cape
Mendoclno; fresh south wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
G. H. WILLSON 1 ., Local Forecaster.
Bonlta. from San Pedro, and sailed for San
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET- Arrived Oct 22— Bark
General Fairchild. from Port Townsend.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Oct 22— Br stmr Mlo
wera, for Sydney. . .
Arrived Oct 22— U S etmr Logan, from Ma
nila, for San Francisco; stmr Robert Dollar,
from Tacoma.
HONOLULU— Arrived -Oct 22— Fr bark
Charles Gounod, from Newcastle. Aus.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Celtic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown; etmr Umbria,
from Liverpool and Queenstown: stmr Calabria,
from Naples. Marseilles ana Almerla.
Sailed Oct. £2 — Stmr Germanla, tor Mar
seilles and Naples; stmr Statendam, for Rot
terdam, and Boulogne, uff. Slasconsett.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Oct 21— Stmr St.
Louis, from New Tork.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived oct 21— Stmr Cana
dian, from Boston; stmr Etrurla, from New
York; simr Victorian, from New Tork." Oct
22 — Stmr Canada, from Montreal.
GLNOA— Arrived Oct g =2 — Stmr Canoplc,
from Boston. I
BOULOGNE— SaiIed Oct 21— Stair Ryndam.
for New York and passed Scilly Oct 22.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Oct 22— Stmr Corinthian,
for Montreal, and passed Innlstrahull Oct 23.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Oct 22— Stmr Lu
cania for Ne.w York.
DOVER— Sailed Oct 22 — Stmr Graf Walder
see. for New York.
MOVILLE — Sailed Oct 22 — Btmr Columbia,
for New York.
Memoranda.
Per bktn Planter — Off Washington and Ore
gon coast had very heavy SW and W win*?,
with high, confused sea* running, causing- ves
eel to list to port and straining considerable;
from MMidocino to Point Reyes light NW
winds and calms; off Point Arena saw echr
Sotoyome, from Ean Francisco for Albion.
Movement of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. f From. . Due.
Phoenix I Cresent ICty Oct. 23
Elizabeth ' Coqullle River Oct. 23
South Bar & Astoria ...Oct. 23
Ore^onian I Seattle [Oct. 23
Oakland Coqullle River Oct. 23
M. F. Plant.. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Oct. 23
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 23
Noyo Humboldt Oct. 2.t
Eureka Humboldt r Oct. 23
Enterprlee... Hilo Oct. 23
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Oct. 23
Siberia.. China & Japan Oct. 23
Cascade Portland & Astoria .... Oct. 23
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. Oct. 23
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Oct.' 23
Norwood...'.. San Pedro Oct. 24
Nome City... San Pedro Oct. 24
Pcwaona Humboldt Oct. 24
Vanguard Humboldt Oct. 25
Aurella Portland &. Astoria Oct. 25
Rainier...... Seattle & Bellingham. . Oct. 28
Del Norte.... Crescent City Oct. 2«
F. Legjctt... Humboldt Oct. 20
Neko Hamburg & Way Ports Oct. 26
Chehalis Grays Haroor Oct. 26
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. Oct. 26
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Ports Oct. 26
Cocs Bay San Pedro & Way PortsjOct. 26
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ....(Oct. 26
Chaa. Nelson. Seattle" & Tacoma [Oct. 20
Corona Humboldt [Oct. 27
Northland.... Portland A Astoria.... Oct. 27
Acme Wlllapa Harbor Oct. 27
Abydos Seattle Oct. 28
Queen Puget Sound Ports Oct. 28
Roanoke Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 28
CityTopeka.. Mexican Porta. Oct. 29
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria .... Oct. 31
F. Kilburn.. Portland & Way Ports Nov. 1
Peru New York via Ancon...|Nov. 1
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.... l Nov. '1
- : ,~- ~ TO. SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
October fc3. |
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor .... 4pm Pier 20
F. Kilburn. Portland & Way... .2 pm Pier 27
Corona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
October 24. J
S"**beth... Coqullle River.... .| spm Pier 20
Nome City. Seattle & Tacoma.. 6pm Pier 16
Norwood... Grays Harbor Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay 8 pm Pier 8
M. F. Plant Cocs Bay 6 pm Pier 11
Costa Rica. Astcrta & Portland 11 am' Pier 21
v,, October 23. I |
Chchalls...- Lob Angeles Ports] IPier 2
F. Leggett. Lo S Angeles Ports|l2 mlPler 2
Germanlcus Vladivostok pp er lit
Van| 2"? LoB Angeles Ports 5 pm Pier 27
San Pedro,. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka. Humboldt 9 am Pier 8
South Bay.. Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 27
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Sea Foam.. Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
I Bonita Newport & -Way.. 9 am Pier 11
1 San Mateo.. Seattle &. Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier "0
October 2tt. J.
Pomona.... Humboldt .1:30 piPier 9
1 State of Cat San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
i Noyo Humboldt 9 amjPier 20
Nebraskan. Hono. &. Kahului.. 3 pmlPier 23
Newburg... Grays Harbor :... 2 pm)Pler 10
October 27. |
Amer. Maru China & Japan 1 pmjPler 40
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports, ll am Pier 9
October 28. J
; porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPier 2
Roanokc... Ixw Angeles Ports. 2pm Pier 5
City Sydney N. Y. via Ancon..l2 m Pier -jo
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 0 pm Pier 27
Rainier Seattle & BeU'ham] 4 pm|Pier 10
October 20. V . 1
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.) 9 amlPler 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portland l ll amlPier 24
October 30. | :I I
C Nelson. . Seattle & Tucoma. 8 pmlPier 20
October 31. '
Abydos.... Hamburg &Wy Pts 12 m Pier 19
Jccrthland.. Astoria & Portland 10 am Pier 27
.November 1.
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
November .2
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pt« 2 Dm Pier 7
THE SAN CALL,/ MONDAY, OCTOBER 23,; 1905.
PASTOR DEFINES
UNITARISM
Rev. B. Leavitt Discusses
the Exclusion of His People
From Church Federation
LEADERS LIBERAL MEN
Darwin, Huxley; and Spencer
Given as Samples of the
Future Seekers, of Truth.
"Unitarians Not Wanted" was the sub
ject of the Rev. Bradford Leavitt's-ser
mon at the First - Unitarian - Church,
Geary and Franklin streets, yesterday
morning.
Among other things Mr. Leavitt said:
Unitarian. ism is the religion' of common
sense. It lays down no creed. It proclaim*
everywhere that opinion In religion is perfectly
free and that there Is no moral quality In
herent in belief or disbelief. Everything in the
more popular creeds of, Christendom whioh
makes hard demands on reason, which.' seems
harsh. Incredible, repulsive, - Unitarians put
aside. Yet this religion, ao human, so rational,
so simple, is of all the most unpopular, not
co much with the laity as with th« clergy of
the creed-bound churches. The last manifes
tation of hostility is the exclusion of the
Unitarian delegates, E. B. Hall, ex-Secretary
Long and President Eliot, from the National
Church Federation.
We have no resentment. TVe are not sur
prised. The action is perfectly, consistent. If
assent to certain dogmas is necessary to sal
vation, and disbelief should be cut out root
and branch, then we should be excommuni
cated, for we do not accept the dogmas of the
fall of man, of original sin, etc.," nor believe \u25a0
that any dogmas are essential. .
We have one distinct and definite aim — to
find out the truth, and welcome it from what
ever source It come. We accept the teachings
of science. We hold that truth is so safe that
nothing can harm it and that God Is behind It
pushing it forward. Who have we In our fel
lowship outside the <ence? Nearly every one
of the strong, masterful men who created this
nation, and the group of \u25a0 literary m«n who
made the last century of America famous.
They say we are not Christians — that de
pends on your definition of Christianity. In
any case we are not on the defensive in this
matter. Those who deny us • the name may
answer for their denial. The reason the church
is losing its hold on the educated m«n and
women of to-day Is not to be found In Chris
tianity, but in the church's presentation of it.
The old dogmas are not large enough to hold
the steadily advancing knowledge of the world.
All the leaders in the world's thought are
liberal men; and the church of the future must
be big enough to contain devoted truth seekers
like Darwin and Huxley and Herbert Spencer.
Xo one who studies modern science can ac
cept the. theology of the Middle Ages or the
Genesla storiea of the creation of the world
and the fall oilman, things of which Jesus
never epeaks but upon which the church's
whole theology is based. And our business
now should be not to try to discredit the the
ology of the priests, who seem to be firing
dynamite under their own windows, but to
proclaim to the great mass of men and wom
en outside the church garrisons that though
theologies are discredited religion remains and .
will remain; and that whatever Is found to be
true. Is a part of God's great Bible.
Crazed Cook Wields Knife.
Crazed by liquor, Thomas Berry, a cook
residing at 464 First street, wielded a
small knife in a wine resort on Sacra
mento street, near Kearny, last night.
Kerry attacked William P. Hemingway,
of 3720 Twenty-third street, and in
flicted a wound across the latter's
throat. F. J. Widman, of 634 Sacra
mento street, then attempted to disarm
Berry and was cut in the arm. J.
Buckanmier, who conducts the resort.
Interfered and received a cut on the
face. All three men were treated at
the Harbor Receiving Hospital: Police
man Jack' Stelzner, who was attracted
by calls for help, rushed to the place,
and after a short struggle gained pos
session of the knife, and arrested Berry.
The dlsnute arose over the Question as
to who should pay. for a round of
drinks.
Sorcetimes you feel that you need a
"third hand"; and that's what a want
advertisement will be to you in most
any emergency of daily life.
Perils of Cutting: Misnouri Corn.
Allan Jamison had a trying experience
while cutting corn for Rev. M. A. Wolf
in the Osage Bottoms the /other day.
He was working away when suddenly
something struck him, knocking him to
the ground, where he remained for some
time in an unconscious state. He finally
recovered, and although badly v bruised
up was able to get home. The next day
he went back to the field in » the hopes
of finding what struck him and was re
warded. There were two ears of corn
that had fallen from the stalk he was
cutting on. The torn-up condition of the'
ground indicated that he had struggled
hard to get from under the big nubbins
that held him down. The above incident
was not reported by Rev. Mr. "Wolf, but
comes from a more reliable source —
namely, Allan himself.— Metz Times.
Character aa Collateral.
It is worthy of note <hat all financial
institutions of any responsibility regard
good character as the best basis for suc
cessful business operations. It is the fun
damental basis of present business meth
ods and of all commercial Intercourse.
Integrity and confidence are necessary
to modern dealing. In fact, It Is by in
tegrity and confidence that the great
volume of dally transactions la carried
on. Paper is accepted whose. value de
pends wholly on the Integrity of^lti
maker. A system of checks enables busi
ness men and banks to pay a vast amount
of obligations every day with a corres
pondingly small use of actual money.
All of these transactions, are based on
integrity and confidence.— Seattle Post-
Intelllgencer.
CtTTS HIS THROAT.— James Hart, an &*ed
man, despondent from adverse conditions, tried
to end his life yesterday by severing the jugu
lar vein with a razor. That he was unsuccess
ful was - due to the dullness of : the razor, as
he clashed his throat several times. Hart waa
treated by Dr. Kuclch at the Central Emer
gency Hospital and has a good chance of re
covering.
FROM SE-ATTLB.
Steamer. , • Destination. Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway &' Way Ports. Oct. 23
Farallon*.... Skagrway: & Way. Ports. Oct. 21
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 28
Portland..... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. 25
Edith Valdez & Seward .'...Oct. 26
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 20
City. Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Jefferson..... \u25a0 Skagway & Way Porta. Oct. 30
Excelsior.;.'. Seward &_ Way Ports.. | Nov.' 1
Sun, Moon and /ride.
United States - Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at-Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
superintendent. \u25a0
NOTE— The. high' and low .-. waters occur at
the city - front (Mission-street wharf) \u25a0 about 25
minutes Jater than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 1 23. >
Sun rises ...' ........".. ...'..6:26
Sun ' sets '...'....' '..V.'. .-.5:22
Moon ,risefl.'... .12:50 ,a. m.
C iTimel jTime! JTime Time
£• I f Ft. [-- Ft. f- Ft. —Ft
? (h WL |L W| .-|h^W L W
23 0:40 0.7 7:42 4.9 1:24 ; 2.3 7:10 4.7
24 1:34 0.7 B:.'M> 5.2 2:16 -1.(1 8:20 4.8
25 2:32 0.8 9:07 0.5 3:05 1.0 0:24 5.0
26 3:IS 1.0 9:45 ,5.7 '3:53 \u25a0 0.5 10:23 5.2
27 4:02" 1.2 10:20 5.0 4:3S 0.0 lit I.) 5.2
NOTE^ — In the above ; exposition of the tides 1 ,
the early ,, morning . tides ' are • given in 5 the left
hand column and the successive .tides of -. the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the -last -tide' of the
day, except when there are - but \u25a0 three tides '. as
sometimes occurs. . nThe heights ' given J are in
addition to the soundings of the • United States
Coast Survey Charts, except 'when 'a minus (— )
sign precedes the height; and ; then \u25a0 the number
given Is . subtracted - from the . depth : given by
the charts... The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waterr
23
25
20
'SI
MACK PICTURES
POET HAPPILY
Tom Moore Fares Well in
Comedy of the Name Given
at the Columbia Theater
SUPPORT IS; EXCELLENT
Much to Enjoy in Perform
ance That: Abounds- in
bright Lines of Sayre's
/Poets have fared worse in a,good many
plays than Tom" Moore in Theodore Burt
Sayre's comedy off the .'name at the Co
lumbia this week. And poets have fared
worse at many hands than Tom Moore
fares f at Andrew Mack's. 1 -. The first • act
of the comedy is unhopeful. It Is rather
like Chaunoey Olcott without Chaufacey.
That is, it lugs in a lot -of Impossible
children to be-^sung at and otherwise
made into scenery, and introduces • one
into more or less trustful company gen
erally, the kind of folk you meet in Ol
cott'B Ireland only. '"But Mr. Mack is not
Chauncey when ho sings. You' wish he
were. But then Mr. Mack Is not Chaun
cey when he acts, and there Is reason to
be grateful for that.
The play goes, on pleasantly after the
first act. Moore is first - found |In the
little Irish schoqlhouse making love to
the BChoolma'am,' Bessie Dyke. The vil
lain also,' Bir Perclval Lovelaco, real
nice and bad. la also engaged in th» same
occupation. He plots to set Miss Dyke
to London by offer, of- patronage for
papa, a minor poet, and by the offer of a
position in Drury Lane Theater for her
self. :;;- : : :
Th» next act finds Miss Bessie leading
lady at Drury" Lane — never mmd — and
Tom Moore starving in his garre^ In Lon
don, twelve months afterward. H© has
here an attractive and familiar scene with
his landlady. She wants the rent. Land
ladies always do. Moore hasn't it.
Geniuses never have. Moore sings "Dove's
Young Dream" and she gives him 'until
Saturday to pay. She always does. But
'tis pleasantly done, and Moore's faithful
servant is as good as Beau Brummel's
man In helping things along.
The third act finds Moore arm in arm
with the Prince Regent at a reception,
feted, successful, still in love with Bes
sie, who has flouted him. There the vil
lain gets Bessie into his power, by threat
ening to throw her father Into Fleet street
prison for debt, with Tom Moore to th«
rescue and it all ends happily. Besides
Moore one Is introduced to Sheridan, to
MacDermott, the publisher, and Lord
Alorra, Moore's patron. .v
Mr. Mack gives a very pleasant picture
of the poet. He gives Mr. Sayre's many
witty lines with point and drollery and
brings a rarely genuine note of pathos
Into the portrait. Mr. Mack once proba
bly sang very well. Sympathy and taste
are still apparent in his singing. But
there *is not much else. He has some up
stairs notes that are still almost good,
the Dick Jose kind, but vocally that is
about all. Luckily there is not much
singing, and that judicious. For the rest,
Mack's Moore is thoroughly likable, thor
oughly attractive, and made many friends
last night.
Josephine Lovett, a San Francisco
girl, was the Bessie Dyke. She has at
tractive .moments, but as a whole the
performance lacks color and charm.
Another San Franciscan, Philip Walsh,
lent individuality to the small part of
Lord George Wynne.
The rest of the cast, offered Mr. Mack
unusually .effective, support, beginning 1
with Edwin Brandt's 1 excellent Lovelace
and Eddie Heron's Capital Buster. < .-W.
J. Butler again distinctly makes him
self felt as Sheridan, 'and Albert An
drass Is quite royal as the Prince of
"Wales., George W. Deyo is useful as
Bessie's father and John Robertson is
not to be forgotten as Terence Farrell.
But "Tom Moore" should be seen, if
only to see faithful through four acts
the author of j
How happy could I be with either
Were 'tother dear charmer away.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Grand.
"In Old Kentucky" began Its second
week last night at the Grand Opera
house, before an audience that filled the
auditorium to Its utmost seating ca
pacity. The musicians were obliged to
give up their places in the orchestra and
take to the stage, and their seats were
filled with spectators. Hundreds were
turned- away long before the curtain rose
for the first act. .
. The play went with great snap and
vim. The music of the "Woodlawn Wang
doodles was encored again and again. . "In
Old Kentucky" will run all the week,
closing on Saturday night. The picka
ninnies of the company have been chal
lenged by a number of local dancers for
a contest to-night in champion buck and
soft-shoe dancing. A large number .- of
handsome prizes have been put up for
this contest by local firms. . The event
will take place in the second act.
Next Sunday, both matinee and even-
Ing, "Peggy From Paris" will be given.
These will be the only performances of
George Ade's comedy-opera in . this city.
Orphenm.
The most attractive thing at tho Or
pheum this week is a dozen or so of as
sorted girls in a, ballet. The funniest
thing Is a trick mule. The rest of : the
bill Is hardly worth postponing your
evening at home to see. . .:v \u25a0' '
The dozen damsels who share the hon
ors with the mule call : themselves the
Twelve Broomstick ' Witches. They sing
a little,' kick a great, deal, but the best
thing they do is to move around and look
pretty. They are j fairly successful in
this. - • . : :
The mule, which comes for his oata
when called by the name of Jasper, is,
with Clayton and Jenkins In the "Dark
town Circus." One of the pair has a
make-up and some gags that remind one
of -Slivers; the king of circus- clowns.
O'Brien and Buckley do a mixture of
freak \u25a0 musical* turns and some lively di
alogue. . Sbme.of their; gags are old. but
they have some good new ones that make
"up for the- several chapters of ancient
history they, spring.
Slgnorlna Verera, billed as the Italian
nightingale," did not take, very well,
though her voice was clear, and sweet.,
As one of the ' chronic" Sunday-nighters
said, "We get enough opera at the Tlvoli
these days." V : w V
Raymond and Caverly, the Dutch com
edians, are as popular as they were last
week. '. '' - .>.-. _ ' \u25a0' '•\u25a0\u25a0"-• \u25a0\u25a0
Try the United States Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telepnone South 420. •
The Pnglllst Better.' Paid.
James Edward Britt\of California has
been 1 in \ the pugilistic: eye"] for; about . four
or five yea A.v He is, the prizefighter who
was 'the other day -knocked ?senseless Iby
Battling Nelson for. al consideration. Mr. ,
Britt in the short] period of his pugilistic
activity ' has "earned"- not less than $111|
500. Mr- Britt Is' not a : college man. He
doesn't, know, a square root j from a round •
one, and differential calculus and 30 1 cents
look alike to f him;' If he .were asked how
a verb differed from a verbena he couldn't
answer.';^ But Xhe I knows " how to 0 handle
his dukes.- and - that's what . ' gets - the
money. \u25a0 i, There \ isn't a , college ' professor
who I has made;: slll,soo •in four years.—
Savannah News: . ..'.'.\u25a0... ,'.';..\u25a0 , , '
PRESIDENT HAS
DIP IN THE SEA
Goes From St. Augustine to
Anastasia Island, Where
He Dons a Bathing Suit
SPENDS A; QUIET DAY
Attends Chu rch in Morning
and in tlie Evening Takes
the Train for Alabama
""ST. AUGUSTINE. -Fla... Oct.; 22.-Pres
ident Roosevelt 'started .'to-night for his
tour. of Alabama, He .leftist. -Augustine
at 9 o'clock to-night and 1b not scheduled
to make a stop of v any length Y until he
reaches ',, Mobile '\u25a0 to-morrow afternoon at
4:30 o'clock. '
His day In St. Augustine was a quiet
one. He attended; services In, the Presby
terian j Memorial Church at 111 o'clock.
The pastor, " Rev. : James CofHn-Stout,
preached .from the text "Worthy, the
Lamb That Was^Slain." He made no ref
erence to the President in his sermon.
The church was.orowded. At the con
clusion of the services the President was
taken for a short drive about the city..
After luncheon the ," President, accom
panied by Secretary Loeb, Surgeon Gen
eral Rixey. John Mcllhenny . and John
Greenway, the last two of whom have
been his guests on the trip South, drove
to Fort Mertion, where they, boarded a
launch and went to Anastasia Island.
Here the party donned bathing suits and
had, a swim in the salt water. .
The President greatly enjoyed the bath
and seemed In excellent condition to
tackle the hard work which lies before
him this. week. -.
When the party .., left ; the hotel for the
fort the mounted policemen of St. Augus
tine, who had been waiting in front of the
hotel, started ahead as an escort. The
secret service man, . who was on the box
with the driver of the President's car
riage, said to one of them: "We don't
need you now.".
."That's all right." responded the offi
cer, "we will go along."
They galloped to the fort, .where they
stood at attention while 'the President
boarded the launch and steamed away. ;
Dinner was served at the hotel to-night,
after which the President drove to his
train.
St. Augustine was full of strangers to
day, attracted by the President. A large
crowd lingered around his hotel all day
anxious to catch a glimpse of him. He
received but few visitors, however, and
got the rest of which he stood In need.
This week will see the end of his trip.
After visiting. Mobile to-morrow, he will
spend Tuesday at Tuskegee, Montgomery
and Birmingham. Wednesday he will de
vote to Little Rock, Ark., and Thursday
he will . visit New Orleans, leaving that
evening on a Government vessel for
Washington.
TALLKST CONCRETE - STACK
'_'. EVER CONSTRUCTED
It Is Over Three Hundred Feet High
and Ist Built In Tyro
Farts.
Tacoma, "Wash., claims to include
among Its objects of interest the lofti
est concrete chimney In the world. It
belongs ,to the Tacoma Smelter Com
pany and has just been completed.
From the base of the foundation to
the top of the chimney is 307 feet 6?i
Inches, and the cost was $28,000. -The
stack was built to carry away the
poisonous fumes "from the smelting
works at Tacoma. In Its construction
1225 barrels of cement were used, in
addition to Which the structure con
tains 105,000 pounds of T iron, 705
cubic yards of sand and 231 cubic yards
of gravel. Towering more than 100
yards from the- earth, and without a
supporting guy, this chimney, because
of its relatively narrow base, presents
a very striking appearance.
1 The concrete foundation Is 86% feet
square and 6 feet thick. For the chim
ney proper the mixture was one part
cement and three parts sand.
The chimney is constructed In two
parts. From the foundation to a
height of 90 feet there are two distinct
shells, one built within the other, while
for the rest of Its height It Is built
with a single, shell. ,
The purpose of the double shell is
to protect the structure from cracks
and strains due to extreme variations
of temperature. The inner shelly which
is separated from the outer one* by an
air space of flve * Inches, is designed
to shield the outer shell from the direct
effect of the Intense heat at the basa
of the chimney, while the outer serves
as a like protection to the inner shell,
by shielding from cold weather, which
might cause It to crack by cooling too
suddenly. — Scientific American.
Readers In Cigar Factories.
He Is a : singular , figure, this paid
reader, found in virtually every one of
the large Havana cigar J factories and
many of the smaller galeras. When an
American corporation acquired one of
the famous Havana brands some time
ago and^housed it in a great new build
ing at 10 \u25a0' Zulueta it was decided
that no reader would bo permitted to
practice his calling In the galeras.
"Within la, few. months all the clgar
.makers In this feaderless factory be
came mutinous and went upon a strike,
and assoon as the difficulty was set
tled the readers were' admitted. The
factory at 10 Zulueta now has three of
them.
"It keeps the tabaqueros quiet," ex
plains the Spanish foreman. The
American superintendent adds that
clgarmakers in Cuba cannot talk unless
they use their' hands, so reading In
creases the routput of the plants. But
i the tabaquero works wholly by the
piece, bo that time wasted Is his own
loss. Reading Is. ."quieting," In that It
gives active minds something whole
some to think about. U ,
The reader sits aloft In n*mall railed
box resembling a pulpit, placed at the
center of the workroom, so that his
voice may carry to all parts of the
galera. -.He reads three hours daily,
commonly In the afternoon. By
long custom half of this time is given
up to^newspapers, chiefly those of Ha
vana, though some readers of more
than average, education ;read from
American ;. papers, translating .as they
go. The .remaining hour, and a half is
given up to novels.— -Bookman.
Gleantlc Gorilla.
The French periodical. La Nature,- pub
lishes ; two photographs •of ' a gigantic
gorilla, the largest ever. seen,: which was
recently shot in the Cameroons by M.
"Eugene /.Bruesseaux jand^a; party^"of
sportsmen on the banks of the Sanga
.River;:; -, ; \u25a0 , • /.-\u25a0;. \u25a0 .._.\u25a0.'. ,"
It -was one of a family; of. three, whose
footprint's could be easily made out along
the shore -; of \u25a0 the river. Its height was
eight 5 feet. The s. width across the \u25a0 shoul-;
ders^ was-; four, feet six *inches,\and ;the
right j hand alone weighed y over .< five
pounds/ \..\^T- \u25a0'';?''*; v '-. •
; The body of the . animal weighed . more
than .700 pounds, and. It eight
menl to carry it 'v to \u25a0 the" residence of the
sportsman'.whol shot \it. ;\; \ \u0084*".
\u25a0'The carcass "of i the gorilla, which, was
only,, killed;: after ; eight trifle sbullets . had
been : fifed ; into It,'' ls : being, prepared for
exhibition .at 5 the Berlin J Museum of Nat
ural-History.—New York Globe. -
LOSES FAITH
IN MANKIND
Ciinliffe, Who Stole $101 ? 000,
Denounces as "'Knockers"
31en Who Caused His Arrest
STILL HOLDS $11,000
Captive Refuses to Iteveal
the Hiding Place of the
Remainder of His Loot
PITTSBURG, Pa., Oct. 22.— Edward G.
Cunliffe, the express robber, In a long In
terview in a local paper. - denies that he
took , the odd ~*looO with which he Is
charged, in addition to the $100,000 Adams
Express -Company package, and states
that his * object "in going to Bridgeport,
Conn.,:, was to - obtain employment on
one of the oyster boats^of the Bridgeport
fleet, a plan that was frustrated by the
fact that the j boats were not working "on
account of ; some labor trouble.
He ; Indignantly denied that he ad
vanced to a Bridgeport | woman money
to rent a fiat, saying he spent his time
in 'walking about and- listening to com
ments on the- robbery instead of roistering
around the tenderloin s district. •
- Cunliffe shipped the $80,000 In a suit case
to Bristol, he said. In care of the ex
press company, figuring on that as the
most unlikely place' the detectives woqld
search. When , questioned as to the $11.- '
000\ still .'missing he evaded reply by rail
ing, against the fates which led to the
discovery of the $80,000.
• Cunliffe denounces James Missett of
Birdgeport, who informed the Pinkertons
of his whereabouts, as a "knocker.' 1 He
said he had made preparations to flee
immediately after meeting Missett. but
was detained by an attack of cramps.
H« vigorously denied having offered De
tective Arnold $40,000 or "even 40 cents."
as he put It.
Eisenman, to whom he intrusted ' the
bundle containing $9500. also came In for
a scoring from CunJinTe, who concluded
by remarking:
"Well, they can't hang m&." |
For the first day in twenty years Cun
liffe has not smoked a cigarette and he
was In a very nervous condition to-night.
The rules of the Allegheny County Jail
permit the use of pipes and chewing to
bacco by the prisoners at certain hours,
but absolutely .prohibit cigarettes.
CARNEGIE BUYS A FARM
FOR HIS ELOPING NIECE
Yonhs Woman, Who Married Coach
man, Will Be Readmitted to Ex
clusive Society.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22. — "When Andrew
Carnegie learned last April that his
niece, Miss Nancy Carnegie, had mar
rJCd James Hever, a coachman, and* that
the happy pair had a baby girl, he was
the first of the Carnegie household to
forgive her, saying she had made a
wise selection. In order to give her
husband a good start, he. promised to
purchase for him a stock farm.
Carnegie has now fulfilled that prom
ise. More than that, thanks to the
kindness of her uncle, his young niece
and her husband are'to invade the ex
clusive set of society composing the
Hempstead, L. 1., colony. They are to
establish a country seat at Roslyn,
where the stock farm Is to be located.
Mrs. Hever, immensely popular In so
ciety in Plttsburg before her marriage,
is to regain her social prestige.
FRIAXE CHARLES MAY NOT
ACCEPT NORWEGIAN" THROXE
Explorer >"an«en Sent to Copenhagen
to Review the Situation With
i \u25a0 - . Officials.
COPENHAGEN, Oct. 22.— Some ex
citement has been caused here by the
sudden arrival of Fridtjof Nansen, the
Arctic explorer. It is supposed that he
comes on a mission from the Norweg
ian Government to review the difficul
ties In the way of the acceptance by
Prince Charles of Denmark of the
throne of Norway. He immediately
conferred with various members of
the Ministry and will Interview Prince
Charles, who is credited with being:
averse to accepting the throne unless
his candidacy is supported by a Nor
wegian referendum. \u25a0 ; : , ,y
POPE PIUS TROUBLED
WITH A LIGHT COLD
False Rumor Is Circulated Abroad In
Rome That the Pontiff
Is 111.
ROME, Oct.- 22. — A rumor spread
through the city this morning: that the
Pope was 111. Dr.-Lapponl. his physi
cian, authorizes the press to announce
"the . statement is Inexact," the Pops
merely having- a cold, so slight that it
oould scarcely be called an Indisposi
tion. Since his last attack of gout In
January, his Holiness, the doctor said,
had enjoyed perfect health.
To-day the Pope received more than
200 persons. The fact* that these audi
ences have not been suspended Is the
best evidence of the Pope's good health.
NEWPORT. Vt., Oct. 22.— The heaviest
earthquake ever felt In this section ooenrred
early to-day. The earthquake shook houses,
smashed crockery and caused considerable
alarm. -
RATIONAL TREATMENT
OF
Stomach Diseases
UEiNII
Discard Injurious Drugs
US!
A Harmless. Powerful Germicide
- Endorsed by Leading Pfya'eians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postage
on Free Trial Bottle. Sold by leading
druggists. .
HOT OCNUINK WITHOUT ml SIaNATUHi:
6io prince St., new York.
Write fob Free Booklet on Rationai. T« iatm t nt
' " of Disease. -
Always. Remember the Pall JN^me
I axative ffrromo Qumme
OireSaColdmOneDay; Grrp in 2 Days
\g» V^X^ygyt^* feta. 25c
Ciaßlf Ofornnoatcrai
JgVh 1 U » <»r».YSI dl«ch,»rges.lnfl»nimatloßt.
Jva&T auaramtwd TM Irritations or ulcerstlou
\u25a0•I aat m itrUtar*. w of xa noons meziibrtn**>
HJ_S VmtmUCtmtmMttm. p»ia~.e«. and not aititr
BacITHIETMSCHEM'CAIXI. gent or *«I>obotiii.
Vfflft «WBI!UTI.O JE&S Sold b ' DratsUta.
MnQ^. 0.8.4. aßror tent in »la*n wnv?—i
VmHßfl .1 .00. «?*»«tUM 33.73.
ADVERTISE3IEyrS.
I v to get >J
l^niore business 1
3 Judicious advertising — good £fl
| copy plus a little patience %9
1 will get it — if the article you
% sell has any merit at all.
§ We plan the whole campaign ;
X — write, prepare and place '
fi advertising.
a We also make drawings and
a cuts and do original printing.
I Barnhart and Swasey I
'A . Incorporated — — — B
B M anagmmont of Jldomrtlslng M
9 107 New Montgomery Street, S. F. H
B \u25a0 Telephone Main 392 ; ; J|
1905 1905
Notice Is hereby jflven that the taxes
on all personal property secured by
real. property and one-half of the taxes
on real property will be duo and paya-
ble on MONDAY. OCTOBER 9TH. 1905.
Jind will be DELINQUENT ON MON-
DAY, NOVEMBER 27TH. 1903. AT «
O'CLOCK P. M., and unless paid prior
thereto fifteen per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and that If said
one-half be not paid before the last
MONDAY in April next, at 6 o'clock P.
M.. an additional five per cent will be
added thereto; that the remaining 1 one-
half of the, tuxes on all real property
will be payable on and after the first
MONDAY In JANUARY next, and will
be delinquent on the last MONDAY In
APRIL next thereafter, at 6 o'clock P.
M.. and unless paid prior thereto flve
per cent will be added to the amount
thereof.
That all taxes may be paid at .the
time the first Installment as herein pro-
vided Is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable
at the offlce of the Tax Collector. New
City Hall.
POSITIVELY ' NO CHECKS RE-
CEIVED AFTER THE 20TH DAY OF
NOVEMBER, 1905. and the 23rd day of
April, 190 G.
N. B. — For the convenience of tax-
payers unable to call during the day.
this office will be open continuously
during the month of November from 7
A. M. to !» P. M.. commencing: November
Ist. 1905.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate thl3
office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills. j
(Signed) JOSEPH H, SCOTT.
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S g*cat4
Shoseus of akatomy^
T «£?7 ThuL»r«««« *»«r«mli»l Vawsm In tin *
\ . TJfo. World. VittMtwt at •»» oontracted A
? 4Cs?*>jS 4!«-"* p«<«ltl-»»Iyenr«»4 »» ti« Jldwu y
p Yi&jZii Sp<ct»^« »n tIM C«Mfc 8k.»6 j«»r». jp
A i^pK OS. •'ORDAN- r !SEASE3 0? MEH A
\ if 6F2§s& Con««!;»tJoa tr<>* «n<J strlotlj prtT«» T
4 J iSsc M Tr««m»Bt p«r«»»»:i7 «r »y l«tt«c. A A
\I W If *•*»»" «r»lB»T«j tm»««*lCTt»k«a. V
&t ll llff Wrt« »>t B«i, * HIX.O»«P«Y «2 A
\ A 11 BAMRMCC NUUO VX2X. Uf
a '**' 'i* »» :u);>1 » ***** fot a" 3 -) A
f BR.JOSI).\> * CO.. lCsllX*rk?t 5t.8.7. V
OCEL\yjrRAVm«.
S Steamers leave Piers 9
and 11. San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan. Wranyel.
Juneau. Treadwell, Haines.
Skagway. etc.. Alaska— ll
a. m.. Oct. 2. T. 12. 17. 22.
27. Nov. 1. Change to this
company's steamers at *8»-
attle. • •
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Am-
cortes South Belllngham. Belllngham — 11 a.
m., Oct. 2 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Chang* at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ky.. at Seattle or T&coma to 2J. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ey.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p m. Oct. 2. 8. 14. 20. 26. Nov. 1. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Oct. 5, 11. 17. 23. 20. Nov. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angalea (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cms. Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Hartord (Saa
Luis ObisDO). Ventura aad Hueneme—
Coos Bay. 9 a. »»-Oct..£ 13 21 2D. Nov. *
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Oct. X. 9. 17. 25. Nov. 2.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Saa Job* d«l
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a, m., 7th of eaca
m ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 190ft-Th»
calattal Alaska excursion steamship SPOKANE!
will leave Tacoma. Seattl* and Victoria Jusa
7 21 July 5, 19. August 2.
'For further Information obtain folder. Rlffht
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — t New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel), 10 Market st. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Offlce— lo Market, st
C. D. DCXANN, Q#neral Passenger Agant.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL S. S. CO.)
Steam«r» -win leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan street*. 1 p. m., for Yokohama and
Hongkong, calling at Honolulu. Kobe (Hlogo).
Nairasakl and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
No cargo received on board on day of salllnc.
3 S. "AMERICA MARU" FRIDAY. Oct. 2T.
"Round-trip tickets at reduced rates.
For freight and passage apply at company"!
office seventh floor. Merchants' Exchange.-
• -. : TV. H. AVERT; General Agent.
9 ceanies.sxo. asteas
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney Thursday. Nov. 2. 2 p. m.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Nov. 22. 11 a.m.
JJJLSPKCIELS St BIOICMIS. TlcXst QSICS 643 In-
itt FTSignt CSC3 327 Maifct St. PiET 7, FaciflC
Campasnle Generate Transatlaatlqne.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Paris.
Sallias every Thursday Instead of^jUafliiS
' Saturday. 10 a. m.. from. Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre. §70 and upward. Se«-
ond class to Havre. $« and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldmg).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. .
Tickets »old by all Railroad Ttcket Agents.
BAY AND INTER URBAN ROUTES.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD,
VALLEJO and NAPA
ISiapo \7olloy Rout©
MontlceUo S- S.- Co. and Napa Valley Elec-
tric R. R. Co. Close • connection*. ;
\ fi-ROL.M) TRIPS DAILY — tt
i Boats leave San Francisco 7:00. *o:t3 a. m..
12:3O:toon, 3:1.\ 6:C<». 8:30 p. m. ' •\u25a0
San Francisco landini and offlce. Pier 2.
foot of Mission St.. one block -south Market -ft.
Ferry. Meals ala carte. Phon* Mala 1508.
- 'Lands Navy Yard direct. ....
Weekly Call, $1 ocr Year.
56
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHX D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO h?f* y '''
JOHN McXAUGHT. . « m aianager
PUBLICATION 0FF1CE..... THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY OCTOBER 23, 1905
TRADE AGAIN IRREGULAR.
THE distinctive feature of trade last week was the sudden fall
ing off of the business of the city of New York, which, as in
dicated by the bank clearings, showed a decrease from the corre
sponding week in 1904 of 3.4 per cent.- This sharp loss brought the
record for the whole country down to a trivial gain over 1904 of
only 1.3 per cent, by far the smallest for a long time. Just what
this means is not yet apparent. It can hardly be due to a falling off
in stock speculation, for that has remained about, the same .in vol
ume for some weeks, hence the natural inference is that the loss
must be charged up to business in general.
The record for the whole country, however, was fully up to
the recent exhibit as far as individual cities and towns were con
cerned, for the aggregate clearings amounted to $2,787,689,000,
while the only important cities besides New York to show a loss
were St. Louis and New Orleans. But it is noteworthy that all the
gains of these other cities were much smaller than heretofore this
year, and were insufficient to offset the loss in New York. The log
ical conclusion, therefore, is that the country at large is not doing
the business that it has been doing for a year past. The failures,
too, again showed an increase over 1904, being 233, against 215 in
But against this rather unfavorable exhibit is the extraordinary
demand by the great railroads for increased rolling stock to meet
the expanded internal traffic of the country. It has just been an
nounced that the Pennsylvania Railroad has placed orders for 21.500
more cars, in addition to 16,160 ordered in August. These railroad
orders have practically pre-empted all steel car-building facilities for
the year 1906. In fact, the car-building companies all over the coun
try are so crowded with orders that they cannot fill them, one com
pany alone having unfilled contracts for 60,000 cars.
These orders for cars and locomotives break all previous rec
ords, and do not indicate any falling off in the movement of mer
chandise, but rather a large increase. The exhibits of the locomo
tive and car works, and those of the failures and bank clearings,
therefore, are paradoxical and somewhat confusing. The only ready
explanation is that business in general has slackened throughout the
country, but that the immense crops of wheat, corn and other grains,
and cotton demand for their transportation to market more rolling
stock than the railroads now possess.
But if the crops are so heavy the business of the country will
naturally be proportionately large, as the farming element will re
ceive enormous returns froiti the crops, and its already great pur
chasing power be continued for at least another year. It is this con
dition that maintains the current confidence and optimism up to
their high plane. Everybody banks on the crops. The financiers
base their operations upon them. Wall street is daily bawling them
through its might}- megaphone and the merchants in city and coun
try are buying more goods and extending their credits upon them.
"Give us the large crops and the current wave of prosperity will
continue." they all say. Very well — we have the big crops.
The money market is coming to the support of the enthusiasts.
When the interest rates advanced so sharply in New York a fort
night ago, the leading financiers immediately sent out circulars stat
ing that high money would rule the rest of the year. But money is
a perverse thing. It does not always do what one thinks it will.
Instead of the .rates ruling high, the flurry was shortlived and the
rates have been falling irregularly ever since, getting down to 3@
4V4 per cent on Friday, with the tendency downward at the close.
Stocks, meanwhile, have remained about stationary, the daily fluc
tuations being narrow and of an individual rather than a general
character, while trading has been light and largely professional.
As far as the staples are concerned, there have been no radical
changes during the week. Dry goods have been rather quiet, though
the action of the Fall River manufacturers in advancing wages indi
cates increasing activity and profits in this important line. Some
slackening in the demand for corn, hog products, general provisions,
raw silk and some other necessaries and luxuries is noted, but hides
and leather are stiff and shoes were advanced 50 cents per pair on
many grades at Chicago during the week. The distributive trade is
showing some irregularity, being excellent in some sections and
only fair in others. No complaints of collections are heard, and
prices for the different farm products are still above the normal,
with the farmers all ofer the country in good financial condition and
generally indisposed to sell their products except at top market
\ All these conditions show more irregularity in general trade.
Many of them contradict each other, as has been shown. Evidently
business is less uniform than it has been. Whether -this tendency
will become more pronounced or soon cease to exist, as has been
the rule for half a dozen years, when the occasional lulls have
proved shortlived and resulted in more activity later on, remains to
be seen. :: i .V^fc
ASSESSED WEALTH OF THE STATE.
WE have published the Controller's statement of the assessed
property values of the State for the purposes of taxation.
The amount is $1,624,991,742. Of this there is, in the three
counties of San Francisco, Alameda and Los Angeles, $873,639,994,
or over one-half. More than half the wealth of California is con
centrated in these three counties. The total State and county rate
of taxation in each is, in Alameda, $1.80; in San Francisco, $1,654;
in Los Angeles, $1.70. This seems to vindicate the consolidation of
city and county government, since the largest and wealthiest of
the three, San Francisco, with such consolidation, has the lowest
tax rate. The highest rate in the State is Yuba, with $2.90 on the
$100. Perhaps there is a special reason for this, in the maintenance
"of levees against floods in the Bear and Feather rivers. The lowest
rate in the State is Si. 55, paid by Contra Costa, Modoc, Sutter and
Yolo.
The total assessed value of railroads is $69,820,186. Of that
Los Angeles has -the most, $5,389,415, and San Bernardino the next,
$5,191,891. It is a surprise that Fresno has. $3,836,267. Of course
San Francisco has but little, only $161,111, for the mileage is small.
The table is an interesting study. If_the proposition of the
£tate Grange to divide the objects of State taxation from those sub
ject to local tax prevail, as it ought, the railroad assessment of the
State, when reinforced by State licenses and other corporate prop
erty, furnishes a fine basis for the total State revenue.
Of course the assessed valuation of the State does not repre
sent its total wealth by a large percentage. . This is due to causes
well known to assessors, and to the failure to include all the per
sonal property of the State. Under a more enlightened revenue
system the valuation would be twice what it is and the rate would be,
only half as large. The result to the taxpayer would be the same,
but the showing would more nearly do justice to the State's re-
\Vhen Ohio points with virtuous satisfaction to 13 bankers in her State
Prison, New York feels that she is going the Buckeye State several better
by pointing to 193 lawyers in durance vile in the Empire State.— Atlanta
Constitution. \u25a0\u0084.
But somehow you cannot help but admire the nerve of the Insurance
Controller of Nevada, who sent a long telegram "collect" to Mr. John A.
McCall demanding his retirement from business. — Kansas City Times.
It is surprising to the public that a man of August Belmont's financial
standing has not had appendicitis long ago.— Chicago Tribune. :
It is now a question whether running a life insurance company is a
business or a sport. — St. Louts Republic
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, MONDAY^OOTQBKR: 23, 1005
Smart Set Leader Will
Act as Prince 's Hostess
MRS. OGDEN MILLS.
MRS. OGDEN MILLS* it is said, will
give the only private entertain
ment to Prince Louis of Batten
burg during his stay in New York with
his cruiser squadron next month.
Friends of Mrs. Mills say that the
Prince will spend the last two days of
his sojourn at her country place at
Staatsburg, on the Hudson, where the
wealthy hostess will give a fashionable
house party in his honor.
Mrs. Mills and young Mrs. Cornelius
Vanderbilt were the only two members
of New York society at whose
Prince Henry of Prussia attended prl-
The Papers Bit.
Lew Dockstadcr, the minatrel, is one of
the very best advertised men in the pro
fession, and hardly a week passes but
he or one of his friends . think of a
story or practical joke which travels all
around the country. During his New
York engagement, two winters ago, he
specially engaged me to do press work
for him, and I conceived the idea of hav
ing a man made ill by laughing at his
performance.- Accordingly, I went to a
doctor whom I knew, arranged the details
of the matter with him, and, one night
about 10 o'clock telephoned to all the
newspaper offices that John Townsend.
who lived at No. 128 West Eighth street,
had been made to laugh so heartily by
Lew Dockstader during the performance
that evening that he had burst a blood
vessel and had to be carried hqme in a
very precarious condition.
Always on the lookout for fake stories,
the newspapers each said, "Well, if this
Is true, give us the name and address of
the doctor who haa been called to attend
him."
With the well-known doctor as ray con
federate, this* was, of course, easy to do.
The papers telephoned him, he substanti
ated my, story, and the next morning we
had a more or leas lengthy account of the
occurrence 1 in every paper In New York ;
the Sunday World gave us a half page,
with sketches showing Mr. Townsend's
paroxysms of laughter, and they even
printed the particular joke which proved
so nearly fatal to the gentleman.— October
Men and Women.
A nswers to Queries.
\u25a0 AUTHOR WANTED-C. L, V., City.
This correspondent wants to know the
author of "Though w» eat little meat aria
drink no wine, yet we will be merry."
SMYTH — G. J. G.. Mokelumne Hill,
Cal. In print the sound of Smyth, is
given as Smith, just as Sriyder, is pro
nounced were it written Snider. Many
who write Smyth insist upon being
called as if the name- was" written
Smite. • fi :\u25a0:%:- .
FORCER OF HABIT.
* Customer^— ls;thebossln?
- Clerk (absently)-—No7— but we
have something Just as good. -
vate entertainments when in New York
several years ago.
In view of Mrs. Mills' many English af
filiations, her brother-in-law being Amer
ican Embassador Reid, and the fact that
she has known Prince Louis for a num
ber of years, it seems only natural that
she should act as his hostess during his
stay.
The ball to be given by the Prince on
board his flagship Drake will be a pic
turesque affair, and considerable curi
osity is expressed concerning the portable
ballroom with which the English Ad
miralty is asserted to have equipped the
Prince's flagship.
Getting Even.
"Who was that plutocratic gentleman
you just bowed to, Squigcins?"
"That's the plumber who does all the
work in my house during - the winter
months."
"But you seem to have quite kindly feel
ings toward him, which plumbers are
hardly used to after 'the presentation of
their bills. But perhaps he has let you
down easy?"
"Not at all. He soaked me and his
other customers so hard that he has been
able to buy an automobile out of his
profits. But I tell you, I was mighty glad
to see him just now, for it savored of
revenge."
•'In what way?" • .
"That plumber was just coming out ot>
an automobile repair shop. I'll bet he's
got a taste of his own medicine there, and
it will bankrupt him just to keep the
wheels of his 'devil wagon' running right.
If this isn't poetic justice, what is?"
De/icate Compliment.
Many delicate compliments have been
paid the fair sex by men in speech, but
here Is one straight from the heart of an
illiterate negTo that is difficult to ex
cel.
It is recalled by the Rev. C. P.' Smith
of Kansas City, in telling the story of
a marriage fee.
"When I was preaching at Walla Wal
la, Wash.," he says, "there was no ne
gro preacher in town, and I was often
called upon to perform a ceremony be
tween negroes. One afternoon after I had
married a negro couple the groom asked
the price of the service.
" 'Oh, well," said I, 'you can pay; me
whatever you think it is worth to you."
"The negro turned and silently looked
his bride over from head Jo foot, then
slowly rolling up the whites of his eyes
to me, said:
" 'Lawd, sah, you has done ruined me
for life; you has; for sure.' "—Philadel
phia North-American.
Works' are the best words.
One Hundred and Twenty Seconds With the Busy, Fun-Makers.
THE MEAN THWfi.
Mrs. Hoyle— My, husband . ,has
something laid aside for a rainy
• day. - \u25a0\u25a0'-.• : -.;\u25a0 .\u25a0' > ; ; »\u25a0 '. \u25a0 • '.--'. ' \u25a0\u25a0 '.
* \u25a0 Mrs. ;Doyle--ril bet it is my
husband's umbrella. \u25a0'•'
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. Water house
AN OFT-REPEATED TALE.
IF you do the thing that you wish,
my friend,
:; And the thing that I wish I do,
When our books are closed and our
' \u25a0"--" Pledgers 'end. :
What credit for ac and you?
Why, I sometimes tnlnk that .the gods
; must> grin, -
And their merriment never tire.
As they say, "He fancied a prize to win
By seeking his heart's desire!"
But here Is a tale of a soul I knew
That buried Its dreams, its duty to do.
A plodding little woman of a plodding
'\u25a0' _ % little way.
Yet mem'ry holds her fairer than the
. . daughters of the day.
I And though you missed in her for aye
the beauty I have seen.
More regal she in calico than any
i earthly aueen.
Into her. hard and toilsome life came
dreams of art and grace.
; But she buried all her visions with a
• sweetly smiling face—
Of castle, dome and minaret in lands
where favored roam —
As she turned to humble duties in her
humble little home.
AH dreams of beauty unexpressed her
, secret longing knew.
She buried, ever smiling, that she
. " might her duty do.
The great suns shed their roses in
crimson o'er the West.
And their dying glory thrilled her,
but the nurslings in her nest
Were calling still for "mother," so she
\u25a0i turned where skies were gray.
Just to do her plodding duty in her
plodding little way.
Clad in her homely garments, with
; on her face.
I know quite well you ne'er had seen
her beauty and her grace;
But even as she still refused her ar
tist-nature's plea.
She sung the lullaby of love to bairns
about her knee:
And as she sung her sweet face shone;
- 'the song was like a prayer —
No Princess on this rounded earth was
ever half so fair.
She was your mother? Nay, but mine,
or haply mine and yours.
For still such women — God be thanked!
— are found while life endures.
In homely little homes they go their
homely little way.
And oft-the "line of beauty", miss, and
oft are worn and gray:
They bury many a vision fair 'mid
homely, sordid scenes.
But from .the dust of perished hopes
they rise, our fairest queens:
We meet them here and pass them by
and, "Commonplace!" we say.
For we are blind and ever blind, upon
our earthly way.
But we, whose . baby feet they led to
paths, the best we trace,
Smile through a rain of loving tears at
memory of their grace.
If you do the thing that you wish, my
friend.
And the thing that I wish I do.
When our .books are closed and our ledg
ers end.
What credit for me and you?
But here are the ones "that "count," I
know.
The ones that their duty do,
Though their dreams are dead and their
hopes lie low,
And their ashes their sweet lives
strew —
And If you doubt there are lives like
. these.
Ask of the children about their knees.
WHY ARAMINTA WAS DISPLEASED.
"I do not think — " said Araminta.
"I've noticed it," her fair- friend re
marked.-
"As I was about to say when you so
rudely interrupted me," Araminta con
tinued. "I do not think that' a man has
any right to attempt to kiss a girl
against her will."
"Her lips would be better, I should sup
pose." her, friend murmured.
"You shock, me," said Araminta, - "but
as I was about to say, if he docs attempt
It he is a wooden chump if he does not
succeed." .. *
"I think so, too," her friend gurgled.
"And between ourselves," Araminta
concluded, as a coy blush resolutely
mounted to her maiden cheek, "that Is
why I refuse to have anything more to
do with young Dumleigh."
"You have done just right," said her
friend.
Then they began to discuss the fall
A LITTLE PARABLE.
Hatred and Selfishness fell in love with
each other because they saw that their
deeds were alike evil.
\u25a0 So they sought Beelzebub, and asked
him to marry them.
"I will, do It," he said, "but it must be
on one condition." .
"What is the condition?" they asked.
"That the two of you, then legally made
one, shall take a new name."
"It. is agreed," they'said.
So they were wedded with much pomp
and ceremony. •
"Now. what is our new name?" they
Immediately Inquired.
"Human Folly," was the answer. "That
name hereafter will Include the both of
you, as, indeed, it practically, has done
heretofore."
So the united two wander over the
earth, covering it with unhappiness and
frequently we refer to them by their
former names, but not the less does their
wedded name apply to either or both of
them. .
SOME WARPED PHILOSOPHY.
: Many a person who devoutly believes in
the inspiration of the good book doesn't
hesitate a moment to throw the : first
HARD LUCK.
v Mr. Kidder— You must be very
discouraged. , ,
Miss E.~ Zee— Why? \
I Mr.**. Kidder-J— lt's nearly four
months; since ". you read your
graduation essay, and Mr. Roose-..
velt ' has not taken your | advice
on how to "run the country yet.
Mirror of Dame Fashion.
A BE'i ./EEN SEASONS STREET COSTUME.
THE school girl, with the hard wear that Is entailed upon her clothes
at all times, finds the need of a between seasons street costume fully
as imperative as does her mother, if indeed not more so. This simple
but effective design. 'in a rather heavy quality sicilienne. has a clever
touch of velvet at collar and cuff, the ceinture likewise of the same
flattering material. The little coat follows loose Eton lines, standing
well away from the figure, and hanging loosely above the belt. This
item is separate from both coat and skirt, strongly featherboned at
front, back and sides, so that It serves to support the Immature figure
well. A touch of style is added to the full sleeve in the upturned flar
ing cuff of velvet that appears above the wrist. The skirt has &
gored upper part, the fitting over the hips acompllshed by means of
darts that are run on the outside of the skirt, and add to Its smart
apearance. A shaped Spanish flounce Is applied halfway below the
knee, inverted pleats appearing at intervals and adding to the fulness.
Laughter Is the Thing.
Angela Morgan
LAUGHTER'S the thing. To be
fashionable nowadays one should
cultivate cheery smiles and fre- |
quently indulge In that health
stimulating expression of mirth known
as a laugh.
This is the latest dictum of London's
smart set, and it is declared that the
medical fraternity indorse the fad as
most beneficial to one's health and gen
eral well-being. .
Not only is'the indulgence in open
cheerfulness regarded as an aid to
health, but it is pronounced far more
efficacious in making women beautiful
than lotions and powders and dyes.
As a result the women of London are
spending less time before the toilet
table and devoting more to the cultiva
tion of smiles and cheerfulness.
Accustomed though we are to ridicule
fads, let us , be glad of this one and
pray it may become universal; not as
an affectation, but as a steady habit, a
genuine practice of cheer. For surely
. nothing could have a more salutary
effect upon the race than the continued
habit of happiness.
This is getting at the core of health.
This is getting at the soul of beauty.
Health does not long remain « health
unless fed by springs of gladness within.
Beauty is not beauty that is unil
lumined by the flame of an inner joy.
-The adoption of the cheer creed by
fashionable London is only one of the
innumerable indications that crowd
close upon one another to-day, showing
the swing of the world toward opti
mism and its recognition of mental
stone at a sinner. Perhaps, however,
it is because he (or she) realizes that he
is without sin.
Then, again, how can anybody be. cer
tain that he threw the first stone? As
likely aa not. some other fellow shied
a stone at some 'previous time.
I knew a man who said we should not
be too charitable, and I am free to say
that he was not. He didn't seem very
lonely, either.
Some people who cry in church, "Lord,
be merciful to me. a sinner." appear to
be mightily anxious to give the Lord an
opportunity to continue being merciful.
The "dying thief upon the cross" was
forgiven, but the fact does not justify
anybody in endeavoring to live so as to
be forgiven In that way.
I am middling loud in condemning thos«
who have been convicted of their of
fenses, but I want to extend a hand of
fellowship to those who have not been
caught at it.
JDOES OTHERS.
Old Yaleton— My boy. your
neglecting to pay /.your debts
doesn't do you credit.
Young-, Yaleton— Perhaps not, *
dad. but it does my creditors, all
right:? >\u25a0 . i
attitude as the chief factor tn main
taining health.
Humanity Is beginning to see that
pessimism does not pay. Time was
when to be pessimistic was regarded
as an indication of superior brains,
of uncommon reasoning faculties. It
was clever to find fault with the world;
clever to be bored and tired of life.
That time is passed. The pessimist i 3
a back number. Optimism is the thing..
Any one that Indulges in pessimism con
fesses himself behind the times.
And why? Because the world is waking
up to the fact that thought has j»ower
to make or mar our lives; to injure or
promote our health.
The new psychology Is demonstrating
that pessimism, gloom, despondency,
fear, are poisonous fn their effects upon
the physical system. That In optimism
one finds a veritable storage battery of
health and genuine happiness.
Medical men the world over are em
ploying suggestion in their treatment of
patients. Auto-suggestion is recognized .
as a potent force of nature.
A smile Is an auto-suggestion—* **lf^L
impression of cheer. *"
No matter how blue you may feel: how
gloomy the world looks; how hopeless
living seems— smile! Just practice it and
see how the habit will wake up the cheer
center within you.
Smile! Don't wait to feel like smiling
before you make an effort. Smile any
way! Get your lips into an upward curve
and keep them there. Create the habit.
After a while you'll begin to find rea
sons for smiling. It's a law. Be cheer
ful and you'll start all the cheer vibra
tions in your soul, and the souls of those
about you.
Find something every day to laugh
about. And when you laugh, laugh hear
tily. Loosen up and be mirthful. Let
the spring of Joy within you bubble up
and be free.
Smiles and laughter are auto-sugges
tions of cheer and good feeling. "When
intelligently recognized as such they may
be employed In dispelling undesirable
mental conditions of despondency and
gloom and in promoting soundness of
body.
If you want to be well and strong and
a blessing to those about you. practice
cheer.
Townsend's California glace fruits
and choicest candles In artistic fire
etched boxes. New store. "67 Market. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public, men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cal-1
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
TOO MONOTONOUS.
Dusty Rhodes— Say, pard. lefs
go 'round with a hand-organ.
Weary Walker — Nop, w«
couldn't stand it. It would be
too much of a grind!BETROTHALS MAKE
GLAD OCTOBER DAYS
NUPTIALS ARE CELEBRATED
House Parties and
Club Affairs on
the Cards
Military Dance to
Take Place
Friday.
The whirl increases In rapidity and
everything is unmistakably awake.
Clubs are especially vibrant with af
fairs present and to come, while CuDld
holds the reins of power over a wide do
main of territory.
ENGAGEMENTS.
F. Hohwelner announces the engage
ment of his daughter, Annie Schmelzkcpf,
to Ludwig Schoener of Bremen, Ger
many, where the young fiancee is the
cuest of her grandparents. Mr. and Mrs.
F. TiUman.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Groezlier announce the
engagement of their daughter, Emily, to
Adolph Eberhart.
The wedding of Joseph J. Hoffman and
Miss Marie Moebes. daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. A. BXoebes, will be solemnized on
Sunday evening, November 12, at 1 o'clock
at the residence of the bride's parents.
The groom is one of the bright young
business men of the «clty and is associated
with the firm of Wetmore-Bowen Com
pany. The young couple will reside in the
city.
WEDDINGS.
The wedding of Miss Josephine V. Xagle
of this city and Frederick A. Blakeslee
took place last Wednesday in San Jose,
Kcv. Mr. Patchall officiating. Only the
relatives and intimate friends were pres
ent. The bride, gowned in white mousse
line de soie. was unattended, as was alio
the groom.
Mrs. Blakeslee is the daughter of Jo
seph Nagle, a wealthy rancher of Peta
lurr.a. and is known in San Francisco and
Sonoma County. Mr. Blakeslee has been
for many years associated with the Dan
forth Warehouse as bcoker, and after a
trip through the south will take his
bride to a new home at 1535 Green
street.
Miss Elizabeth Nelson of Yreka and
Frank J. Cummings were married at Mis
sion Dolores Church. October 9, Rev.
Father Tobin performing the ceremony.
Miss May Cumminers attended the bride,
John W. Hogan serving as best man.
The marriage of Miss Nellie Moody and
Charle? Elsworth took place at the home
of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. P. J.
Moody, near Knightsen, October 11.
The ceremony at noon was performed
by Rev. Speers of Oakley in presence of
fifty puestf=. the bride, prettily gowned
In white messaline satin, being unat
tended.
The breakfast room, which was con
structed of canvas lined with pa!m leave?,
presented the appearance of a canopy
under which the guests gathered for the
wedding feast.
After a Phort tour. Mr. and Mrs. Els
worth will live near Brentwood.
An interesting event of the week was
the wedding <->f Miss Olevine E. Plante.
the only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ray
mond H. Plante. and William Shannon
Mancke of Columbia, S. C. The cere
mony took place at Trinity Presby
terian Church, followed by a reception
nt the famiiy residence. 57 Eureka
street.
Promptly at 9 o'clock the wedding
r^rty entered the church to the strains
of Mendelssohn's "Weeding March."
Rev. Mr. Strong performing the cere
mony, the father of the bride giving
her Into the groom's keeping.
The bride's only attendant was Miss
Edna Wilson, who looked charming In
c gown of pompadour silk. The ring
bearer was little Beatrice Gould, a
T'letty picture in her dainty dress.
The bride was gowned in chiffon
•arm and wore a tulle veil caught with
\u25a0white carnations, carying a bouquet of
the came flower.
The groom was supported by James A.
McGuigan. Tiie ushers were G. Hazle
ton Wilson. Arthur Gilloy. Curtis Gilloy.
Frank Staud, J. M. Litchfield Jr. and
J. Williamson.
After the ceremony the couple left
for a two weeks' trip south, and on
their return will make their home with
the bride's parents.
HOME PARTIES.
Mrs. C. E. Chittenden of Niles enter
tained e.t luncheon on Thursday, Oc
teiber IS; in honor of Miss Florence
Mayhew, whose marriage to Joseph C.
Shinn will take place next month. The
reception rooms were beautifully deco
rated in ivy geranium and pink cosmos,
used \u25a0with fine effect.
Thirty-five guests were present, in
cluding the friends of Miss Mayhew.
After luncheon the game of hearts was
played, the prizes being cups and
POSTCAI CEREAL.
A HIT.
What Sbe Gained by Trj lnc Aeain.
A failure at first makes us esteem final
success.
A family in Minn, that now enjoys
Postum would never have known how
good it Is if the mother had been dis-
couraged by the failure of her first at-
tempt to prepare it. Her son tells the
etory: ;
"We had never used Postum food cof-
fee till last spring (a year ago), when
father brought home a package one even-
ing Just to try it. We had heard from
our neighbors, and in fact every one who
used it, how well they liked it, and that
besides taking the place of coffee as a
beverage it furnished a most nutritious
and healthful article of food. So we
were going to give It a trial.
"Well, the next morning mother brew-
ed It about 5 minutes, just as she had
been in the habit of doing with the other
coffee, preparing it, I fear, without pay-
ing special attention to the directions
printed on the package. It looked weak
and didn't have a very promising color,
but nevertheless father raised his cup
with an air of expectancy. It certainly
did give him a great surprise, but I'm
afraid it wasn't a very pleasant one, for
he put down his cup with a look of dis-
gust, and said. 'Mother, are you sure this
Isn't your dish water?'
"Mother wasn't discouraged though,
and next morning gave it another trial,
letting it stand on the stove till boiling
began and then letting It boil for fifteen
or twenty minutes, and this time we
were all so pleased with It that we have
used it ever since, and though we had a
quantity of the old coffee in the bouse. 1
fear it will all be spoiled before we can
get it used up.
"Father waa a confirmed dyspeptic and
a cup of coffee is to him like poison. So
he never drinks it any more, but drinks
Poetum regularly. He isn't troubled
with dyspepsia any more, and is actually
growing fat, and I'm sure Postum is the
cause of it. AH the children are allowed
to drink It and they are perfect pictures
of health." Name gU'en by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek, Mich.
saucers In dainty china, which were
gracefully presented to Miss Mayhew
by the winners 4it the close of the
game.
Mrs. Charles B. Sherman and Mrs.
William Merrill Tryon have Issued
cards for an at home to take place
Thursday afternoon. October 26, from
2 to 4. 1932 Fell street.
Miss Cella Ladar was the truest of
honor at an affair on the occasion of
her birthday, given by her sister. Miss
Bertha Ladar, Sunday evening. Oc
tober 15.
Dancing and games whiled away many
pleasant hours, after which a supper
was served. M. Schoenfeld acting as
toastmaster. Much gayety prevailed,
the young, guest receiving many good
wishes.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Edlin held a reception
yesterday at their home on Clay street
in. honor of the confirmation of their
daughter Blanche, which took place at
Sherith Israel.
Adolph Dittman Jr. was the recipient
of a surprise party on Saturday. Oc
tober 14. Miss Alma Dittman, Miss Ad
die Mooney, Frederick Boehm and Rob
ert McGahey having charge oi the af
fair.
Dancing and games occupied the
evening, which was prolonged and
filled with rleasure. Among those at
tending were: George O'Hearn, Miss
Tillle Dittman, George Dohern, Miss
Emily Bay, Alfred Simpson. Miss Jajala
Mooney, James Uryon, Miss Alma Ditt
man. Robert Walsh, Miss Addie Mooney,
Will Fenoni. Miss Klla Langton, Adolph
Dittman, Miss Isabel McGuire, Augustus
Milville, Miss Delia Lutz. Fred Boehm,
Miss Dora Albert. Mr. Smith, Miss An
nie Gibson, Robert McGahey, Miss Nell
Body, Clarence Pike, Miss Polly Bren
uan. Tom Stafford. Miss Bertha Beer,
Albert Michaels, Miss Katy Biggs, Jack
Leigh. Miss Katie Schmidt and Mr.
James.
CLUB PARTIES.
j The Mission Camera Club gave a large
' ball at Mission Opera Hall last Friday
evening, when a most enjoyable time was
spent, a large number of guests being
present.
The affair in charge of Melville Asch
and Thomas Irwin was the first of the
season and entirely successful. The club
is located at 2041 Mission street and pos
sesses all the details necessary for cam
era craft.
The Corinne Club rooms on Haight
street were the scene of a very enjoyable
gathering last Tuesday evening, while
the decorations in music and dining rooms
were very effective, magnolia leaves, car
nations, ferns and varied flowers being
used in quantities.
The music programme was excellent
and pleasing. Miss Kingston opening with
two Zarembski numbers for the piano,
Miss Farrell playing the violin in fine
taste and intelligence. Harold Dawson
I added his barytone voice to the occasion,
Ray Duchien tinging also. The occasion
was most delightful and among those in
attendance were: Miss Annette Kings
ton, Miss Marie Farrell, Miss Rosalie
Conroy. Miss Alralne WaiKer, Miss Edith
La Plante, Miss Mabel Manwaring, Miss
Alice Chandler, Miss Henrieue Spreckels,
Messrs. Harry Blackburn, Jack Weldon,
Percy Douglass, Ray Duchien, Harold
Da*son, Walter Miskel. Lionel Parker,
Verting Briggs. Clyde Briggs and Elmer
Haskel.
The Nationals, Companies B and C,
Coast Artillery, N. G. C, will give a
large ball on their fiftieth anniversary,
October 27, at Sla Ellis street.
The members of the Entre Nous Cotil
lon Club will open their sixteenth sea
son with an assembly anfl german on
next Friday evening. October 27, in the
ball room of the Palace Hotel.
The Palo Alto Social and Beneficial
Society will give its first annual cotillon
at Golden Gate Hall, 625 Suiter street,
on Wednesday evening, November 1,
• 1905.
Mrs. Richmond E. Revalk entertained
at the Deutßcher Club rooms on Tues
day afternpon, October 17, assisted by
Mrs. Charles H. Smith.
The musical programme was as fol
lows: Piano solo, Mrs. Charles Smith;
vocal solo. Herbert Medley; vocal solo,
Henry H. Lawrence; vocal solo, Mrs.
Edward Wakeman; vocal solo, Daniel
Lawrence; duet, Mrs. Revalk and Mr.
Lawrence; duet, Mr. Medley and Mrs.
Revalk. Among those present were:
Mrs. William F. Bogart, Mrs. Dwight
Hiscox, Mrs. A very McGill, Mrs. Samuel
Backus, Miss Kitty Madden, Miss Fred
Taylor, Miss Nonie Roussin, Mrs. James
Logan. Mrs. Houseworth, Mrs. Hoggart,
Mrs. C. Bredlioff, Mrs. L. C. Swain, Mrs.
Harvey Klyce. Mrs. Vincent Walsh,
Mrs. John Apple. Mrs. William R. Jones,
Mrs. George Chase, Mrs. J. L. Williams,
Miss Cora Huestis, Miss Webster Wel
banks. Miss Verdie Roussin Miss
Susie" Logan, Mrs. W. Alexander
Smith. Mrs. E. C. Morgan, Mrs. V Nahf,
Mrs. Smith, Mrs.' Marion, Mrs. Arnold
d'Ancona, Mrs. Charles H. Smith, Mrs.
Edward Wakeman, Mrs. . Henry Law
rence, Mrs. Frank Murphy, Mrs. Vernal
Northey. Mrs. Bertin Weyl, Miss Louise
Moisant, Mrs. Lee Less, Mrs. Otto Ro
mer, * Mrs. Mackintosh, Mrs. Clive
Brown, Mrs. Dan Lawrence, Mrs. Leon
Wand, Mrs. Davis, Miss Tillie Moisant,
Mrs. Will Gerrish, Mrs. Erwin Cooper,
Mrs. A. C. Hart, Mrs. J. H. Northon.
PERSONALS.
Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Preston have re
turned to San Francisco after an ab
sence of two years and are guests of
Mrs. Preston's mother, Mrs C. F. Gard
ner of 1401 Willard street.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Heilbrith are residing
at 26 Cedar avenue.
Miss D. Honig has' returned from an
Eastern trip.
Mr. and Mrs. G. Stein have returned
to their home on Buchanan street from
a trip through the Eastern and South
ern States.
Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Hamilton have
returned to their home, 56 Sanchez
street, from an Interesting tour of the
I southern part of tho State.
Miss Henrietta Adams and the Misses
Ella, Emma and Theresa Conncll re
turned recently from the Portland Ex
position, where they were extensively
entertained during their visit.
Mrs. Solomon Getz of 507 Devlsadero
street will resumeher day at home on
the last Thursday 'of each month.
BIDS FAREWELL. TO BROTHER
WHO GOES ON SECRET MISSION
Captain yon Poiitaa Leave* on Steam
\u25a0hip Coptic for Japan in the Service
of German Government
Among the recent arrivals at the Pal
ace Hotel is C yon Postau, an influen
tial tea, coffee and spice importer and
exporter with headquarters at New
York and branch houses in Japan. China
and Java. He came here to bid god
speed to his brother,' Captain yon Pos
tau, who was formerly an officer in the
German army. Captain yon Postau
leaves for Japan, where he will under
take some secret work on behalf of the
German Government. The captain Is
also a well-known writer of magazine
and newspaper articles. He left for the
Orient on the steamship Coptic.
Mr. yon Postau. who is now at the
Palace, is awaiting his confidential
agents from Japan and Java who are
to bring him reports of the firm's af
fairs and incldently the trade aspects
of the Far East
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1905.
NEW YORK MAN
TAKES A BRIDE
IN THIS CITY
NEW YOIiKER AND THE BRIDE
UK LED TO THE ALTAR YES
TERDAY.
Rich-Hoff ; Wedding
an Elaborate
Affair.
A wedding of much brilliance and elab
orate preparation took place at high noon
yesterday, when Aaron M. Rich of New
York and Miss Anna Hoff of Southern
California were united by Rev. M. S.
Levy.
The entire floor of a down-town res
taurant had been reserved for the occa
sion and was transformed into a minia
ture conservatory by the abundance of
flowers and greens. White rcses and
carnations bedecked every side and a
large wedding bell of roses served as a
nuptial bower.
The bride, who is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. M. Hoff, was robed in white
chiffon taffeta, with trimming of. rose
point, the gown en traine with a veil
reaching to the hem. Crowned with an
orange blossom wreath, the bride car
ried a bouquet of Bride roses.
Miss Nora Vose, maid of honor, was
gowned In white mousseline de soie. The
groom was served by S. R. I>eon as best
man, two others of the bridal party be
ing Miss Sadie Blumenthal of Los An
geles and W. .M. Hoff, brother of the
bride.
Following the ceremony was an elab
orate banquet, a stringed orchestra play
ing through the evening, .after which Mr.
and Mrs. Rich left for a two months'
tcur of Southern California.
PERSONAL.
Nat Wilson has returned from the East
1 and Is registered at the St. Francis.
James M. Meighan of Tonopah is at the
Palace.
Frederick Lyon, a mining superinten
dent of Kenneth, Cal., is registered at
,the St. Francis. .
Baron and Baroness de Tuyll and par
ty, who are making a tour of the West
ern States, have engaged apartments at
the St. Francis.
Bert L. Smith of Reno is staying at the
Palace. . \u25a0\u25a0 : .
E. H. Gregory,- a business man of Cal
cutta, India, is stopping at the St. Fran
cis Hotel.
George M. Sterly and Frank M. Boyle,
prominent * mining men from Valdez,
Alaska, are at the St. Francis, accom
panied by their wives.
E. J. Wilson of Prescott, Arizona, is
registered, at the St. Francis. Mr. Wilson
is manager of the Arizona Smelting Com
pany. ' •
THREATENING WEATHER MAKES
CROWDS LEAVE PARK EARLY
Clouds Cause Visitors to the City's Big
Play Ground to Cut Short
Their Outing.
Threatening weather drove home the
crowds from the park and beach ear
lier than usual yesterday. There were
two minor accidents, t Mrs. J. Max of
1333 Bush street tried to alight from a
Haight-street car near Shfader street
while the vehicle was In motion. She
was thrown to the pavement and sus
tained some painful bruises. After be
ing- treated by Dr. Pinkham at the
Park Emergency Hospital she was
able to go to her home.
While playing football at Recreation
Park Clarence Walton' of Company H
eleven was hurt in a scrimmage. He
was taken to the Park where
Dr. Pinkham found that his shoulder
had been wrenched.
JubnNou TuruH On the Gas.
John Johnson, a laborer, about 30
years of age, committed suicide in his
room at 862 % ' Mission street by turn
ing on tho gas. Mrs. Barbara Desch
ler. the landlady, detected the odor of
gas coming from Johnson's room about
8 o'clock; yesterday morning. She
opened the door with a pass key and
found him 'dead. -in bed. • Gas was es
caping from an open Jet. The key
hole was stuffed with paper, showing
that the act .was ; premeditated. John
son had beenUlvlng at t the house for
about seven months, but' 1 very • little
was known about him. No reason can
be assigned for the rash act. The body
was taken to the Morgue. v ,
"LANDMARKS NIGHT" WILL BE
CELEBRATED TO-MORROW.
DAUGHTERS OF PIONEERS HOSTESSES
Lecture bg Congnessmaii Knowland, Songs
and Card TournamenT to Be Features.
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
The restoration of the famou3 old; Mi
ssion of San Antonio in Monterey County—
the most valuable and picturesque posses
sion of Northern California— is now prac
tically assured. The ancient adobe walls,
rebuilt and safeguarded last year by the
Landmarks League, * will soon enjoy the
luxury of a roof, and the beautiful old
sanctuary will have thus been saved to
our children's children as a heritage of
a picturesque past, and a heritage that is
not measured by sentiment and ehthu- 1
siasm alone, but by the latter-day stand
ard of dollars and cents.
Speaking commercially, every old mis
sion saved from disintegration in Cali
fornia is an asset of the State and of the
nation. The historic old spots are a sourca
of infinite interest to 60,000 tourists who
annually visit the State, arid furnish the
traveling folk with an inexhaustible
amount of romance and history while
wandering about. With a passing of these
old missions— unquestionably the most In
teresting helrlcoms, not only of Califor
nia, but of America— a financial less to
the State will be sustained that wlil hit
hard after the harm is done. And as the
loss to" the State from the standpoint of
art, architecture, poetry, idealism, history I
and romance, there is no"' gauge by which
such a deprivation can be measured. j
With these truths fixed in their minds, '
the Daughters of California Pioneers are |
patriotically doing their .. part to help)
save one old mission— San Antonio de
Padua, the most important structure of
its time north of Santa Barbara, save San
Juan Bautiste and Mission Dolores, both
of which are in a fair state of preserva
tion.
To-morrow night, at Pioneer Hall, fit
rendezvous for such a purpose, the
Daughters have prepared a stunning pro
gramme of things to hear and things to
do.
Congressman Joseph R. Knowland will
present his lecture upon "California His
toric Landmarks," using by way of illus
tration 125 slides, including the San An
tonio Mission before " the Landmarks
League began its work of restoration; the
laborers at work upon the great adobe
walls, and the walls completed. Every
noted spot in the State has a place in the
collection, and it is a part of the educa
tion of every intelligent Callfornian to
familiarize himself with them, and the
story that is woven round them.
Following Mr. Knowland, Mrs. Kathryn
Hilke, the famous New York soloist, will
give some of the songs that won her
fame in Gotham: and latterly the Pre
sidio band will play for dancing.
Under the leadership of Mrs. E. P.
Schell a whist and' a 500 tournament will
be conducted in the reception room, with
a band of pretty girls to score—and-inci
dentally some mighty pretty prizes to
capture.
And if you don't dance, and you don't
play cards, perhaps you smoke. For such
as you there will be a cozy corner, with
comfy chairs- and good cigars, and a
bowl of punch just over the way.
For these allurements the price of ad
mission is fifty cents— and no further tax
is levied, lest you need a smoke or sigh
for a drink.
Tickets are on sale at Sherman &
Clay's, and at the door to-morrow
night and give yourself up to the pleas
or business cares, . lay them by for the
night and give yourself up to the pleas
ant relaxation offered by the patriotic
Daughters. ,
Besides, you will thus have proved your
patriotism to bo more than "as hollow
brass and a sounding cymbal."
\u2666* . \u2666
Quite the biggest thing in clubdom
during the week was the suffrage con
vention that adjourned on Saturday.
Re.ports read proved that the State
is awakening to the injustice of tax
ing a part of its people without di
rect representation — that "Taxation
without representation was tyranny In
1776; taxation without representation
is tyranny in 1905."
It wouldn't make nice reading for
tho legislators who vetoed the suffrage
bill at Sacramento to hear the com
ments upon them, their intelligence
and their motives. And it might in
terest thorn to know that .the leaders
cf the cause have preserved the names
of tho men who voted "nay" — who con
fessed themselves afraid to present the
right of equal suffrage before the peo
ple because they were afraid the cause
would win.
Afraid?
Yes. The possession of the ballot by
women is feared by the gangsters,
boodlers and grog-shop keepers. Eight
thousand clubwomen in San Francisco
are known to stand behind the high
license movement now being agitated,
and if those 8000 women could cast a
ballot according to their convictions
the lesser grog shops would go to the
wall, and that wouldn't be relished by
a large part of the voting constit
uency.
But nevertheless In the fullness of
time It will come, for the biggest men
In the. country are open advocates of
the cause from the President of the
United States and the Governor of the
State down the line. But these men
have nothing to fear — It Is different
with the others.
The California Club has put Itself on
record »as the most useful club in San
Francisco. It has accomplisher much for
civic betterment, for education, within
and without Its confines, and has made
itself a factor in the activities of the
city.
It Is now pursuing a well-denned policy
of education, -presenting a series of lec
ures by men famous in these lines be
yond the Rockies.
- The first of these will be given in the
new auditorium of the California Club
on Wednesday evening, by Charles Zueb-
Un, Ph. 8., B. D., on "The New Civic
Spirit." .
On Saturday evening Loradio Taft, .In
structor In the Art Institute of Chicago,
The adjustability of Mellin's Food is
one of its good points. , Mellin's Food
can be adjusted and is suitable to the
needs of the youngest infant as well
as of the more advanced
age. It only takes a minute to pre-
pare it as there is no cooking nec-
essary.' Send for a free sample.
Melliß'a Food it the 0N L T Infant*'
Food, which receired the Grand Prhte
the highest award of the Louisiana rur-
chase Exposition, St. Louis, 1904. Hith-
er than a £«ld medal.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
| and past president . of the^ Western So
i ciety of Artists, will talk upon "A Glimpse
of a Sculptor's Studio."
As to the first lecture, the topic is par
ticularly, timely, coming at an hour when
civic duty is on every tongue.
Beside the lecture being invaluable from
an educational viewpoint, the lecturer Ls
a charming chjap, and— now listen—avr
fully good looking. Are you going?
As for Mr. Taf t, he is said to present
a fascinating talk ' upon art (illustrated),
and as a critic. of national reputation he
will draw a big house— for iSan Francisco
is fast becoming an art-loving city.
* ..•\u25a0\u25a0•
The first meeting of the music, section,
Miss Juliet Greninger leader, was held in
the auditorium of the clubhouse Wednes
day; Mme. Toyetti read an Interesting
paper on the Scandinavian composers and
Mrs. Resch Pettersen sang with exquisite
feeling several, Scandinavian songs. This
first musical day has set a high standard
for future work. \u25a0 • •
TO PURCHASE ANCIENT AVAR
FOR DISPLAY PURPOSES
Huntlngton Road Considers Proposition
of. Securing Old AVar Vessel '
From Chinese Government.
The section of the Huntington rail
road that runs between Los Angeles
and Long Beach may, purchase from the
Chinese Government an old fashioned
Chinese war junk for exhibition pur
poses along the Pacific Coast. M. W.
Milne, who left yesterday for Los An
geles, will soon depart for the Orient
to secure the ancient man-of-war. The
railroad intends to make the craft an'
attraction at Long Beach and it will
probably be taken to other Pacific
Coast ports.
Milne figures that the Chinese Gov
ernment will ask $17,000 for the craft,
\u25a0which means that It will probably be
bought for $2000 after considerable
haggling. The vessel has already been
selected and will be brought here un
der-her own sail.
The junk is. made of teakwood, is
180 feet long, and has the typical low
stern and high prow of the style that
has existed in China for two hundred
years. Her sails are made of fine bam
boo, and she Is elabdrately decorated
with the Indispensable .eyes painted at
her bow with which to see her way.
The Chinesecrew will be selected here
with which to man the ship and train
the old muzzle loading guns. They will
also be useful In explaining the various
Chinese arms and strange devices. A
curio shop will be established on board,
where purchases of Chinese knick
knacks may be made by visiting tour
ists.
When you have told of all the things
about your store which are of present
interest to women you have advertised
adequately and well. If you have omit
ted any of them' you have weakened
your advertisement.
Meets With Peculiar Accident.
A peculiar accident happened to Ada
Mosely, a former school teacher, who
lives at 725 'P01k street,' yesterday. As
she was walking along Polk street,
near Willow avenue, she slipped and
feH on the back of her head on the
cement sidewalk, which produced a se
vere concussion of the brain. She was
taken to the Central ' Emergency Hos
pital for treatment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MCCLURE'S
The Marketplace of the World
CThe November numfer
of McCL.URE'S MAGA-
ZNE more than justifies its ti-
tle: the Marketplace of the
World. It contains 227 pages
of advertisings a volume of
business never before equaled
by any other periodical.
There has never been , such
an exposition ,of industrial
and commercial enterprises
between two covers. It IS a
complete Marketplace*
But although it is a com-
Marketplace, there
are certain shops that cannot
be found in it. Thersarc no
saloons here* It is impossible
to buy a cigarette in this
Marketplace. There are no
enterprises: in it where you
can • invest money at from
twelve to twenty per cent*
There are no places where
baldness can be cured, neither
can patent medicines be pur-
| chased. llilf
S.S. MeCLURE COMPANY
44-6O Cast 23d Street
NEW YORK
f^^ Good Property "^ffl|
i^F We are now.- selling bis
M9v villa lot". 50x150 And 200. (or XkSI
BSm $375. directly facing Stanford ffSM
By University at . ... SB
Wm For $7 a month; patent ston • 'BB
\u25a0H sidewalks, street* work to be {3
done free of cost. In the his- H
fln t">ry of California sufch an op- AM
ER portunlty has ever, -before fla
M . been presented. " Don't wat /BE
RBm till cut-off and e^trlc roads JES
\u25a0jl^^ are done, buy now nt JBSga
H^j^k first cost.
\u25a0fek/ . ML VVooster Co. JEgsMzi
B Whliii 66 * 3 M>rket Et
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEABST ST. K«tabllsb«K]
In ISS4 for the treatment of I'rtvntf
Diseases, I.iO*t M«nhfxHl. Debility or
(lift^M* nearlocpn body anil mind and
Bkin Disease*. The Doctor cures when
others fall. -Try him. M-haijcwi low.
Curr« Call or wri *.
Dr. J. V- GIBBON, bau Frarclico. CaL
nRPffI?TTM= SPECIAL
FRIDAY AFTERNOON, OCTOBER 27.— At I O'clock Sharp.
SEVENTH ANNUAL BENEFIT
1 Under the Auspices of •
ASSOCIATED THEATRICAL MANAGERS
OF SAN FRANCISCO
In Aid of Their
CHARITY FUND
\u25a0 \u25a0-,-.• • •
Devoted to the Relief of the Sick and Needy In the Profession.
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE
Talent From
Colombia Theater
Grand Opera Home
California Theater
f tt h *^*
v Alcuar
Tlvoll On«ra-Iloa*« /
Central Theater
Reserved Seats on Sale at the Orpheum Box Offlc*.
GRAND S£ggg
L# Aj 1 WlLlLlv SATURDAY
In Old Kentucky
"fl-WfiHT GRAND BUCK ASD WING
. U .lion I DANCIXG CONTEST
Note— "ln Old Kentucky" Pickaninnies chal-
lenge all comers. Prizes to the winners.
SPECIAL
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE & NIGHT ONLY.
George Ade's Greatest Comedy -Opera,
PEGGY FROM PARIS
2 S Next Monday
MATINEES WED. AND SAT. EACH WEEK.
Election Day Matinee Tuesday. Nov. 7.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S STUPENDOUS
Seat Sale Thursday
PRICKS $2.00. $1.50. $1.00, 75c and 50c.
No seat 9 laid aside.
No telephone orders taken.
Mall orders filled In order received.
ALHAMBR.A
THEATER
THURSDAY NIGHT. OCT. 26 nnd
SATURDAY .MATINEE. OCT. 2S.
Mme - Emma EAMES
Seats. $.1. $2, $1 6<> and $1. At Sherman.
Clay & Co.'?, where Complete Programmes
may be obtained.
Baldwin Piano Ueed.
EXTRA! KXTRA!! EXTRA!!!
HAROLD BAUER, pianist
LYRIC HALL
SPECIAL REQUEST MATINKE!
WEDNESDAY. OCT. 23. AT 3:30.
' Schumann's Etude Symphonigue. Chopln*s F
minor Ballade and the Ride or the Valkyries.
S*ats. 75c. $1 and $1 50. Box office -Sher-
man. Clay & Co.'s.
BAUER OAKLAND CONCERT,
YE LIBERTY PLAYHOUSE.
NEXT FRIDAY AFTERNOON AT 3:30
Special Prosramm*.
S«*ats at Box Office oJT Theater Wednesday
Morning. October 25.
Exuberant Vaudeville!
Twelve Hroom.«tlck Wltrhei; SfjinorJnn
Verera: Clayton, Jenklna and Jaaperi
O'Brien and Ruekley: Wlrelesm Trlecr-
raiihyt Three N'evaroM: Raymond and
Cnverly; Dean Edaull nnd. Arthur
Forbes nn<l Orphenm .Motion Picture*.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c. 25c and 5Cc.
V BUSH STREET
CHAS. P. Hall. Manager. Phone Main 127.
[TO-NIGHT — ALL WEEK.
Matinees Tuesday, Friday, Saturday ami Sun.
SHOW GIRLS"
1 40 Clever People. Dazzling Costumes.
Big Beauty Chorus. Refined Specialties.
Prices— Evenings 10c. 13c. 23c. 30c and 75c.
' All Reserved.
Matineea — 25c Reserved. No" Higher.
N'ext — "THE JOLLY GRASS WIDOWS."
a T Vt • rj A T"& Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR ztee:
Business Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUX.
First Time in This City.
SOL SMITH IIUSSELt'S COMEDY.
April Weather
By Clyde Fitch — Smile* and Tears — Songs and
Children.
Eves.. 25c to 73c; Mats. Sat., Sun., 25c to 50c.
NEXT - MONDAY — First Time 'In Stock.
Pinero's Powerful Problem Play,
I I~> I <~» '
l r^ •i.
Virginia Harned's Sensation. \u0084
Soon — "THE LITTLE -MINISTER."
Market Street. Near Eighth: Opp. City HalL
Phone South 353.
THIS EVENING — ALL WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY .AND SUNDAY.
Big Scenic Production of the Famous Railroad I
- v ' Melodrama,
Engineer
- Thrilling Scenes and Situations'
Popular Prlc««— Evenings 10c to 50c.
-Matinees 10c, 13c, 23c.
' ~ Ne»t— "BlG-HEARTED JIM."
4*s 8 BAI #% Ammunition. Hunting and
I "IIHIV Sporting Goods. Largest
\u25a0\u25a0I I 111 stock. Lqwe«t prices. S«nd
111] for catalogue.
WW I «\J SHREVE & BARBER CO.,
". , 733 Market st. and 321
ffEifflVOUfflss-
GRAND OPERA
Performance Begins 8 o'clock Sharp. '
% Last Two WeeKs
TETRAZZINI
TO-MORROW NIGHT and SATURDAY MAT.
DINORAH
With TETRAZZINI. BazeUl. GregoretU.
'. WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
OTELLO
With Petrella, Grasse. AngloMtl. Sa!as«*.
THURSDAY AND SUNDAY NIGHTS.
LAST TIMES.
LUCIA Dl LAMMERMOOR
With TETRAZZINI. BazeM. Oregorettt.
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS.
LA BOHEME
With CoppoU, Moreo. Tlccl. Oravlna. Da*».
Note»Neit week's repertoire will be an-
nonnced in tomorrow morning's papers
COLUMBIANS
Nightly. In.- hi dinar Sunday — Mat. Sat.
THE NOTED IRISH COMEDIAN
ANDREW
M AC X
IN THE COMEDY.
Tom Moore
Hear the song gems In this production as
rendered by Andrew Mack. PRICES— 23c 30c.
73c. *1 and U 50.
Nest Week — The Way to Ktannre."
MAJESTIC'"
TO-NIOHT AND AL.I. TniS WKEK.
MATINEES THURS-. SAT. .AND SUN 1 .
FRANK BACON
In Neil BnrgeW Famous Play,
THE COUNTY FAIR
Next Week — THE LOTTERY OP LOVE.
Soon — "The Light Eternal."
In Preparation — 'If I Were King."
Evenings. 25e. 30e. 73c. Sat. Mat. Me. 30c.
Bargain Mats. Thura. and Sun.. 25c everywh*r».
Tue». evening. Oct. 24— St. Agnes Parish
Theater Party. . ;-'>- »
browningTmi wally
And a Splendid >how Every Afternoon
nnd Eveulns In the Theater.
RIDE" ON THE CIRCLE SWING!
VISIT THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD!
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY!
RARE ANIMALS IN THE ZOO!
ADMISSION tOe | CHILDREN 5o
See Mlsnon. the Pound and a Half Dahyi
In *he Infant Inenhator.
MISCELLANEOUS AMT SEMENTa.
AL HAM BRA
TO-MORROW. TUESDAY NIGHT.
DENIS O'SULUVAN
In a Grand Farewell Sons Ret-Hal.
Seats on Sale at Sherman. Clay A Co.'i —
75c. 11. »1 50.
THE
Los Angeles Times
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICE % j
IS NOW IN'
Room 4), Chronicle Bldg.
Telephone Main 1472.
Arthur L, Fish, Representative
The Times la the advertising \
. medium of the Southwest.
THE
PALACE
HOTEL
Compressed Air cleaning plant.
Room telephones.
Steam < heat and open fires.
\u25a0 Perfect ventilation.
| Pipe organ 'and orchestra.
| Perfect service.
; - Unexcelled cuisine.
1 -Every luxury attainable.
IK J t
'
\AI. X. HESS,
Notary Public and Attoraey-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013. CUus Sprockets bids.
Telephone Main 083.
Residence. 1302 McAllister it
Residence Telephone Pax* M4l. J
78
PEOPLE WHO DO MOT READ ADS__ : A-Kq
JOILV D. SPRECKKLS Proprietor
A-dress Communications to
JOHN McXALGIIT Manager
\V. J. a_Al-TIX.---B» sInCSM Manager
TELEPHONE.
£ffig_^_-Eb-ff'g S«g» 2
Deiivere- by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per W«*. «
CIiTW Month. Single 1C » *,, C hh U w lt n
Terms by Mail. Inchidlrs Postage (Cash Wltn
DAILY CALL nnelu^l'-V-day). 1 y«r..58.00
DAILY CALL rtoded. Sunday) 6 mos... *g>
I>ATLY CALI-— By Single Month „
fVNDAT CALL. 1 Tear JOO
WEEKLY CALL 1 Year - . „. \u25a0 »~« ££
FOREICN ( n - d > a /-;*!?5 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ W(ckly . 1.00
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
6-mpl* Copies will be forwarded when rc-
o.uested. .
Mail subscriber* In ordering change ©I ao-
_re-» should b« particular » / lv « bo JJ?
AND OLJJ ADDRESS In order to insure _a
prompt axd correct compliance wlib their r«-
CUect
OAKLAND OFFICE:
ICIB Broadway Ttlephon* Mai- 10S3
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
|4£S Park Etreet Near Santa Clara Avenn*.
Phone Alameda 559.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
SI4S Center 6treet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON COP-RES PON DENT:
M. E. CRANE 1406 G Street N.>w.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wsldort-ABtorla Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
Cnicn Eauare; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherrr.sn House: P. O. News Co.: Great
JCcnhern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BTSINESB OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; cpen until
12 o'clock every night In the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
JCOS Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
So<i Montgomery aye.: open until 9 p. m.
800 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
6S5* McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
61 R Larkin «trcet; open until 9:30 p. m.
3NI Mission street; cj^n. until 10 p. ra.
If* Eleventh street ; open unt.il 9 p. m.
3036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets: "
open until » p. m.
22"ft Killmore strret; open until 9 p. in.
431* J etreet. near Ocean Boulevard; open
utitll P p. m. ijit-
MKETIXG XOTICES.
iIISSION Coinmandery No. 41. K. T. — -> _
s-rst^-d assembly THIS (MONDAY) *ir_F
KVKNING. at S o'clock. Mission IMJ
Masunk- Temi-lc. Order of the Red 'V^
Cross. All iraterF cordially .invited. By
rrder cr \hc commander. .
JOHN R. HILL-MAX. Recorder.
SAX FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal »
Arch Masons, mecis THIS EVENING. wSf
Fourth cVfrree. — -.
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
O< < IPKNTAL LodKe No. 22. F. and A. «
It.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at Vy
7::;<> o'clock. Second degree. By or- /^rS
ii-r tt thi- Master.
WALTKK G. ANDERSON. Sccrtary.
KING BOXXntOJTS Lodge No. 260, F. it
and A. M-, JS.TO Klllmore st. Third < *fV'
<I<|:rre miS (MONDAY) EVENING. /^\
at i:3O o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
BT. ANDREWS £o< iety — Open meet- v»
mc and •'Heather" Kocial TO-MOR- a tiC!/^
ROW (MONDAY) EVENING. 'skXjSJ'
Members' and friends cordially in- '**t_7*
i ited.
OFFICERS and members «_. \u25a0 -n
of Golden Gate Camp No. _ "KJ
s; \u25a0!-\u25a0 t'u'.lj requested to t?^gffij_j»S?£ffi
artTd tlie funeral of \u25a0*^ M «— <^~^
our late neighbor. I>a-
vid Brown, for *> year* Fentry of the camp, i
from his lat^ residence. 102 a Leavenworth ct.,
to-morrow < Tuesday), at 2 p. m. Cremation
1. O. Q. F. Cemetery.
GEO. A. SCHADE. Consul Commander.
JOHN' WTSNOM. Clerk. \
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived epp'.icatlrms to mine by hydraulic pro-
oe«s from Landecker Gold Mining Company
in Landecker minr. near Placerville. El-
<".orsdo County, Oal. draining into \\"ebb?r
Cr-ek. which cralrs Snto south fork Ameri-
can River; from Beery N. Lake and E. H.
Mills, in Bear Flat mine. n«ar K--MT. El-
dorado County Oal.. draining into Bear Klat
canyon. «r__-B drain* Into Rock Creek, gives
notice that a meeting to receive any pro-
tests will be h*ld at room <-?. Flood bulldlrs.
Kan Francisco, Cal. November ti, 1905, at
1 :30 p. m.
ATTORXE V S-AT-LAW.
DIVORCE; costs $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; no fee in advance; no charge unless
successful; open evenings; wills, deeds,
leases, bllla of sale and articles of copart-
nership carefully prepared: corporations or-
ganized: bankruptcy; collections; probating
of estates; general office and court practice
tn Slate and Vnlted States courts. 927 Mar-
ket, r. 301. Office bourn, 6 a. m. to 10 p. m.
A DIVORCE— QUICK and QUIET.
NO PAY until granted.
P«e me and save money. Advice Free.
Established 22 years. Detectives employed.
I LEAD — Others Follow.
G. W, HOWE.
1122 Msrket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
ADVICE free, all lec_.l matters.
No charee unless successful.
No advance fees.
All law business. Established 20 year-.
Examiner building, room «16. third floor.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
fith floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years: all courts, general courts and office
practice: no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red SCOI.
ADVICE fre*: legal divorce costs $12; all law
eaten handled: no fee In advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appolnt-
rrent; call and save money. Sl9 Mkt. r. S3.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market, room SO2. con-ulta-
tion free; no fee In advance. Open evening-.
COMPLETE divorce tor $20 by able young at-
torney. For Interview ad. lock box 422, city.
AGEXTS WA-VTED.
WANTED — Solicitor*. Insurance life or fire.
G. F. EULER, 2S First et, 2d floor.
ASTHMA Ci;RE> L__
A DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures- for 6ale
by all dr-cclsts: main depot 1602 Market
st. Et. Nicholas Hotel: 10c. 25c, BOc postage.
BOOKKEEPING. i
LET us keep your books: nothing too large.
nc thing too small; we make a specialty of
keeping csr-a'l sets of bocks.
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO.. -
Tfl. Montgomery 1311. 330 Market st
BO^IJ^J^G^FOIIjCHILDIIEX.
AN Infant will be given perfect care; $15 a
month. Box 37&6. Call. '
CARPET-BEATING AXD CLEAXIJfG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacurm Process "used
for cleaning carpets en floor without remov-
al: carjiet and rugs also cleaned by com-
iressed air at shop; prices moderate-. S. F.
Compressed Air Cieaning Company, 30S Mar-
ket St.; phone Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for EPAULDING6 Pioneer Carpet Beat-
'.r.g Works. 353-557 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
VKSTERN Carpet-CJeanlng Works. ISOB Har-
rison st; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
fXJICC _i CO.; phone Mlselon 2.5.
CALIFORNIA Carpet CJtaning Co.. J. McQueen
propr! -U_r. 829 Ouerrero st; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st;
:el. Main 394. GEQ. WALCOM -: CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st— First-class
carpe t cleaning. Sc yard. Tel. Mission 74. ,.
RI'nOLPH _: CO., carpet-basting works: prices
re-son»bl». 1703 Harrison ft; t»L MUtlon 263
15RANDTB X*w York Curtain House; raott
complete jlant for cleaning lace curtain* anj
t»lank«U. 15.4 FtUmorc; phon« West 6300.
BUSINESS CIIATfCES. f
£_-fCO0O; HAMMAN bath, the most popular
nnu most central located In S. l'\; large pat-
ronage of best class customers: clears above
»M 0 a month; lease. See R. G. WILKE, 2«>^
Kcarny st. .
A—?l»00;A — ?l»00; OYSTER and chop house; the very
best location in this city; a first-class paying
business; owner compelled to cell. account of
gleknegg. R. U. WILKE. 2C\i, Kearny st.
A— slsoo: CORNER barroom; close to Chronicle
building; place established many yearn; lately
renovated; elegant fixtures; large Btock; sick-
ness of owner only cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26? j Kearny st
A— s2ooo; SALOON or water front; lease; J4
furnished rooms; a good paying business; no
better location; disagreement of partners
cauee cf sale. R. G. WILKE, 26^a Kearny.
A SPLENDIDLY located saloon; close to Mills
building; mercantile lunch; net rent $60:
leaee; a fine chance; Investigate, you will
buy. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Et
A— $lt)00; SALOON on Fourth st. dose to
Market: an excellent location; good business;
rouK sell at once; other business calls him to
the country. R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
FRUIT store; cbolceit location; owner Is en-
gaged In other business; a chance for a good
business, cheap. Particulars, R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st *
OLD established bakery In Western Addition;
lai-ge store trade; bake 6 barrels a day;
owner engaged in other business only cause
of tale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
___________
THE finest up-to-date wholesale and retail
harness, saddler}', shoe findings and leather
business on the coast for sale; can make all
the money you want Correspond with JOHN
T. STOLL. Sacramento, Cal.
A MAN of ability and experience in handling a
sawmill to invest $10,000 in a company or-
ganlzlng to take over coast sawmill about 1
year old; absolutely safe and 6 per cent guar-
anteed; good salary to right man. Address
box 4656. Call office.
FINE cottage of 6 rooms -and bath: modern;
electric lights; flne basement; lot 00x140; flne
lawn, shrube and flowers; 8 vacant lot-, im-
proved, worth $2400; will exchange for saloon
or grocery and bar. Box 3777, Call.
WILL sacrifice at Invoice, about $050, old es- .
tabllshed paying business, stationery, notions,
news, b. bakery, candy, etc.; large grounds;
cheap rent; near city. F. ZIMMERLI. Wal-
nut Creek. Cal.
$300— PARTNER wanted In light business,
suited to plain steady man satisfied with $18
to $35 a week; trial given; no experience re-
C'jired; short hours. 759 Market st, room 8.
CANDY factory. Icecream business: well pay-
Ing; $275; worth twice that; investigate.
2573 Sixteenth et.
FOR sale — Cheap: carpenter shop, tools, lum-
ber and everything; bargain. Hotel Burton.
111*6 Howard gt.
$650— FIRST-CLASS hotel and bar. furnished
rooms; clears $250 to $300 per month; 3-year
lease: $25 per month rent. Box 4631, Call.
DRUG store for sale; 17 miles from Eureka, on
railroad; only drug store; full prices; price
$1500 cash. A. EVANS. Loleta. Humboldt Co.
$10.000— SALOON business for sale; Market St..
near Sutter: long- lease; clearinc" $500 per
month. Apply room 230, Mills building.
$IS, OOO— SALOON business for sale; O'Farrell
«., near Powell; long lease; clears $1000 per
month. Apply room 230, Mills building.
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office, for Darticulars.
A— SHOE repairing; good shop; cheap; living
rooms; low expenses. 842 McAllister st.
$250 — A PARTY to Join me In a ealoon, lunch
and rooming-house: big profit. 810 Folsom st.
NEWS pta'nd. cheap; second-hand books, etc.
Call at news stand, 77 Fourth Bt.
FINE delicacy and bakery for sale; north of
Market Bt. Box 3909. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS millinery business in a good
live town. Box 1207. Call.
FOR sale — Party going away; delicatessen
store. 2957 Twenty-fourth st
WANTED — Good carpenter «s partner In good
paying Job shop. 3373 Eighteenth st.
FOR sale — A flne delicacy store:, very reason-
able; no a cent*. Box 3552, Call office.
ELECTRIC laundry, est. 8 yrs., for sale, in-
cluding prop. ; doing good bus. Box 3526, Call.
GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St., opposite.
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
BICYCLES.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY, 1826 Polk st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, . Hotels and
AH Kinds of Business Chances.
Sacrifice; new. modern downtown house; flrst-
c!atB location; 70 extra well-furnished rooms;
large country transient trade; clearing $300 per
month; only with us.
Good investment; this 24-room new. modern
little apartment-house: elegantly furnished and
equipped: everything: flrst-class; flne location,
cheap rent; on account of sickness In family
at bargain.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
$3800 — 4S- ROOMS; office and rooming-house;
dears $225 month; bargain.
JBO0 — 14 rooms; finely furnished: good tran-
sient business; rent $75. RICHMOND
REALTY CO.. 331 Kearny St.. room «6.
SCHWEINHARD & CO..
Real Estate and Rooming-House Brokers,
1008% Market st. opp. 6th; phone Jessie 3041.
Buyers: We have houses to suit you; hon-
est values guaranteed or no sale.
BEAUTIFUL comer, 200 sunny rooms, with
. good saloon: rent very low; all in flrst-clasi
condition; flne country trade; will sell on
account of departure for $5000.- EITEL &
CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
FISHER, &. CO Phone Main 3354
Room 438, James Flood building.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale. 21 rooms, for
$750; clearing $72 per month. Call at 153S
Webtster st.. Alameda.
LODGING-HOUSE fcr sale; everything in good
condition. 1128 Howard st. * -
IS-ROOM house, nicely furnished; best busl-
ness street In city. Box 3922. Call office.
Rootnißjc-Houacs and Hotels for Sale.
MARION GRIFFIN.
970 Market st, room 801, eichth floor.
Rooming-House Broker. Phone Main 3343.
40 rooms; downtown, north of Market; rent
C 3 per room; first payment $1250.
60 rooms; central, north of Market; rent
$3 per room; nil gentlemen roomers.
HONEST: IS' rooms; 5 blocks north of Mar-
ket; low rent; price $1250; not a vacant room.
NEW snd MODERN corner house; 116
rooms: $5500; 2. 3 and 4 room apartments;
clears $275 monthly. -
DENTISTS-
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.
Perfect painless d«ntlstry at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth, $2; silver fillings, 25c; gold
filling*. $1; gold crowns, $3; bridge work. $3.
1104 Market st. corner Turk.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crpwns, $3 60; fillings, jjOc;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, near 11th —
No charre fcr extracting: when plates are
made: old Dlates made over like new: teeth
from $8 per set; extracting COc; gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction,
60c. New York Dentists, 909 Mission, cor. 6th
DR. J. E. YOUNG, dentist, removed to 408
Sutter strr~T«omB 7 and 6.
GOLD fillings, 76c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2, no
rein; op. Sun. Dr.A.CHewltt.lom Grant ay.
DRESSMAKERS .CVD SEA3ISTRESSES.
STEWART'S Lining, Pleating and ' Buttonhole
Factory of 110 Taylor Bt will remove . to 14
and 16 Taylor st about October 1.
MRS. ESTES. fashionable dressmaking, St
Kathryn Hotel. 4SO Ellt?: tel. East IaSO.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Eve, class: patterns cut. 1190 Market st
DAY AAl> CONTRACT WORK. ;
CARPENTER and builder wants work by day
or contract C. C LEROY. 602 Jessie st, v-
DR. PIERCER Magnetic Elastic Truss; per-
fect ret-lntr; positive cure; book free. Ra-
moved to 208 Kearny st. room SOT.
THE SAN ' FRANCISCO ? CALL,' MONDAY; -OCTOBER 23. 1905.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA— PROF. NIBLO, .
411 A— ELLIS ST. — tllA.
' MY $: COMPLETE LIFE READINGS, $1.
Greatest living astral DEAD-TRANCE
CLAIItVOYAN/r oMhe age: adviser on busi-
m ness and all affairs of -life; tells your full
name and what you called for. whom you
will marry, how to control the one you love,"
even miles 1 away: reunites the separated;
gives secret powers to control; no long fleiay*
in walttnz. • . .\u25a0\u25a0•.- •
HOURS 10 TO 8 DAILY and SUNDAY..
411 A ELLIS ST.. Cor. of Jones Bt.
Permanently located In his own home. ".
PROF. NIBLO.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE . . .'.
If you wish sellable advice consult PROF.
LIVINGSTONE..
You hear the truth and nothing but the
truth, be It good or bad. He positively refuses
to accept any fee In advance and leaves It to
your Judgment whether he has performed all
he claims and advertises to do.
Full ' Life Reading 00c. Hours 10 to 8.
LIVINGSTONE— 26% Kearny— LIVINGSTONE j
< ' !
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis st.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of life; Miss Wille guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the past; gives correct rorecast of your fu-
ture; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives th! secret how to control, charm, -aa-
, cinate tie one you love; reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. ra.; French, German, English spoken.
A PHENOMENAL $3 mental reading for $1.
ST. GEORGE ORMONDE 1031 Market st.
Yoghi initiate, clairvoyant, psychio palmist.
Tell you more than all others combined;
how to .overcome sickness, drink or weak
habits, .jnemlcs. spells, lost vitality, bad
luck; flnS treasures, valuable mines; marry
your choice; restore lost love: secure secret
powers of control; reunites separated; Im-
plants business success. By mall $-.
CASSAND.RA. 1007% Market st. near Sixth—
Before taking any Important -step ,in love,
marriage, divorce, purchases, sales, invest-
ments. J3urneys, health, consult the great
clairvoyant and palmist. Cassandra; she is
,the famous medium who predicted the Russo-
Japanese war 4 yeara ago; also the assassin-
ation of President McKlnley; readings, $1;
hours, 10 a, m. to 8 p. m. \u25a0
LINCOLN. . . •_
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known clairvoyant in 3an Franclsoo. Re-
opened at 366 O'Farrell st Hours 10 to 6.
Readings by mall, $2. . -
MLLE. '-ORIETTA." world's greatest mind
reader: name, age, 2 seconds (no writing);
known every where; 5 methods. $1; nuff sed.
1228 Market st. 9 to 9. '
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair. & palm.,
' has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names 50c. $1. 1C35 Fillmore. nr. McAllister.
MME. KRONENBERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmift; when others fall try me; good
reading 2Sc; no sign. 102^ Cth. nr. Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guar.; 25c up. 17 3d, next Examiner bids.
MME. WARD, 1153 Market st. above 7th —
' Clairvoyant glveg names, dates and facta.
MME MARSEAU, card reader; ladies 25c,
gents 60c; .hours 1 to 9. 54- Minna St.
RETURNED— Mme. Odell, card and teacup
read. ; 25c-50c. satisfaction guar. 505 Jones,
ISMAR will return to San Francisco and be In
her office by Sunday. November 5.
MME RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives names; advice in all affairs. 6 4th st.
MME. WARD. 1163 Market st. above 7th—
Clairvoyant gives names, dates and facts.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth Bt. to 954 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS KONOLD. 148 Sixth et., circle to-night;
ladles' circle Wed., 2:30, 10c; also reliable
readings, 23c; consult me after trying others.
COME to Rajah's circle and the great Hindoo
will develop out your mediumlstic powers;
clrcleg Mon.. Thurs.. at 8. 12C6 Mkt.. r. 40.
A MRS j J WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
DR RAJAH performs healing miracles daily.
Gait House, 1206 Market St., room 40.
EARLE'S seance Sun.. Wed.. 219 Eddy st;
readings. Hotel Higgins. O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY. ;
A— RETURNED, H. Jerome Fosselll, scientific
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter: tel.Black 5603
HYPNOTISM.
DE LAUFF, maKnetist, 700 Bush; hours 1-5/
7-8: nervous, mental ills, habits cured; no
dru;s. \u25a0\u25a0-"'.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery St., rooms 0-10. Tel. Main PESO.
EDUCATIONAL.
X — THE Lyceum, an excellent preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students suc-
cessfully and we shall prepare you; day,
evening session; references President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS.COL.. 933 Market,
conducted by Robt. F. Gallagher, expert
court reporter, holds world's record for. short-
hand writing; successful himself, will make
you so; shorthand, typing, kookpg. Catalogue.
ALL who desire good positions should attend
this college; we have had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege, 7SS Mission et. ' \u25a0 \u25a0
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
DANCING, both adult and children's classes,
now open at Hinman'g School of Dancing,
1412 Polk st., near California; phone East
2126? - -\u25a0\u25a0 -
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post St., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest In the West; annual
enrollment 1000; send for circular. .
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mm., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve: est 1864. Van
dor Nalllen School. 118 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A — METROrOLITAN-California-Students Join-
ed. BuilneGs. Stenographic. 926 Golden Gate.
A special class preparatory to teachers' exam-
inations or State nor. schls. 383 Phelan bldg.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION- Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st— Night classea
EMPLOY3IEPTT OFFICES.
A — ORPHETIM Employment Ot&ce — Japanese
and Chinese help. Removed to 005 . Sutter
st; phone Main 6752. .
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment Office
promptly furnishes all kinds of reliable help.
George Sakauye, 421 Post et. ; tel. Bush 135.
STAR Employment Office — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA, 4.00 Powell St.; tel. Main 1751.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. office
furnishes reliable help of air kinds promptly.
H. KIODA, 405 Post st; tel. James 50L<
A — JAPANESE and Chinese help. Wm.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton st; tel. Bueh 859.
AN old estab. (I860) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG'S, removed to 618 Plne;tel. Grant 156.
Finest Japanese, help; housedeanlng specialty;
G«o. R. Kunlabe. 343 Mason; tel. James C 251.
H.W., HONG. 1113 Clay St.: Chinese employ-
ment offlee;-:best help. • »Tel. East -426.\ '.
CHINESE an>l Japanese help; estab. , 20 years.
Tel. Main H<97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE, Chinese help of all kinds furnish-
ed; housed* anlng. 708 Taylor; Jamea ;7636.
RELIABLE Japane&e-Chtneea Employment Of-
fice; all klnls help. 815 Stockton.' Main 5188.
YOUNG clrl for general housework; wages
- $23: call or write. 411H Thirtieth st, near
Sanchez." ~ - \u25a0:\u25a0:\u25a0 \u0084 \u25a0 v
A SALESLADY would like ' position in mer-
chandise business; 12 .years' experience; 1
speaks English ' and \u25a0 German. Address, by
. letter.. R. AL. 1640 Bush st. , -
YOUNG Japaiese girl,' who ha* a good 1 Japan-
ese education, wishes position -• In >' first-cla&i !
• family for j ipstalra k work. ;_, 1211. Halght \u25a0 st. V
POSITION wiinted " as" bookkeeper,-- cashier and
general of ft< * work ; experienced. - Box 4600,
Call office. . \u25a0 \u25a0 „
A POSITION wanted ' by a French ? girl to . do
second work In .a..; family.' Address 31S
-. Kearny at. •>? \u25a0' '-.-..* -:*... ' '\u25a0%\u25a0: - '\u25a0 "\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0.:.\u25a0\u25a0
A NUMBER; of good- household servants now
. registered a; MISS ;PLUNKETT'S. .42S:Sut-
'tcr st.. neat, Powell: phone. Main' s472. \u25a0 .
DRESSMAKE R wants V eituation; ' will y furnifh
• best references ; and** diploma - from school.
Add.-ts« MJ-S. T. 1.. 1504 Folsom st
EMPLOYMENT \V A NTED— \u25a0PemaIeHCon
DRE6SM AKER, ladies' tailor, shirt waist
suits, Jacket -coat suits; up-to-date fits;
only first-class work taken in; designer; sat-
isfaction guaranteed. MISS BARSS, 321
Franklin st ' . . "
A WELL educated young German lady wishes
a position ' as nursery governess or as use-
fur companion to 'a lady- best of references.
Address A. 8.. 1105 Franklin st.
YOUNG girl Just arrived from Ireland desires
situation as chambermaid and waitress ; In-
experienced ; first-class stitcher; city or coun-
try. Address L. R., 753 Howard st.
EDUCATED German lady wishes a position in
flrst-clasa family for upstairs work and sew-
ing; has best references and long years of
experience. ' Box 4613, Call.
COMPETENT German woman. wants washing*
and Ironing by. day. : 1203 Vallejo st. ; no
postals. y . ' ; '\u0084 . : : ' '
WANTED— Situation as cook • and helper in
hotel, boarding-house or camp. ( HENERY
VOGEL and wife. 731 Folsom st.
A NEAT woman wishes to go out; small' wash-
ing and - house-cleaning by the day. . 308
Van Ness aye. . - ' ' . \u25a0. . -
A YOUNG woman with a child 6 years wishes
- place as housekeeper; best- references. Box
6155, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG woman wishes position as chamber-
maid or working housekeeper in small lodg-
lng-house or transient house. Box 4601, Call.
A' NEAT woman would like to do plain cook-
Ing and some housework in small family;
wages $30. Box 4C02, Call offioe.
GIRL would like to pose In 'exchange for in-
struction In drawing; age 20; height 5 feet
5 inches. Box 3823, Call office. ' ' .
HOUSEWORK by neat reliable woman; good
cook; small wash; wages $20. Box 3906. Call.
PLAIN washing to do at home. . Box 4641,
Call office.
AN experienced Infant's nurse, city references,
wants position. -IHI Sntter st.
WANTED— Situation as working housekeeper
or nurse. Address 907 Folsom st
MIDDLE-AGED lady from East as nurse; city
or country. 16 Hampton place.'
COOKING in boarding-house by colored wom-
an; flrst-clasa cook. Box 1.u6. Call.
AN experienced woman desires permanent cars
of Invalid; references. Box 3851. Call. ,
COLORED woman wants position, for house-
work. Box 3593. Call office.
JAPANESE girl wishes position as cook or
nny kind of Job; had experience. YOSHI,
417 Jones st. ; phone East 3610.
JAPANESE girl wants situation to do house-
work or cooking. Address 1225 Fulton at;
phone Fell 2054.
EMPLOYMENT AY ANTED — MALE.
JAPANESE first-class cook, hotel, JBO month.
First-class laundress, $30 month up.
Good chambermaid, 530 month up.
Young man, first-class competent gardener,
wages $40 per month.
GEO. X., propr.. 343 Mason; tel. Jameß 5251.
CONSCIENTIOUS, efficient service — You'll get
it if we deal; experienced in business, office
and country life in all their details, mental
and manual; healthy, active, good habits,
good presence, middle-aged; bond. Box 4646,
Call office. \u25a0 \u25a0
WANTED — An elderly man now employed as
watchman in a family hotel Is desirous of
making a change and accept a similar po-
sition in hotel, apartment house or office
building; references as to sobriety and re-
» liability. Address Box 1447 Call.
YOUNG man wishes to get a Job as interpreter
In Italian, French, German and Spanish, or
as valet for travelers through Europe for ex-
planation of everything In all large cities in
Europe. Box 4620, Call.
AN absolutely honest, sober. Industrious young
man wants position; private place; under-
stands driving, care of horses, garden, lawn,
milk,, can paint and do any repairs needed
around a place. Box 4863, Call.
YOUNG \ married ' man wishes position of any
kind; understands care of horses; experi-
enced driver; thoroughly reliable. Box 4615
Call office.
AN expert . accountant wants small eet books
of firms or persons to keep evenings or Sun-
day; terms low; interview requested. Box
4600. Call office.
YOUNG man, 35, first-class chauffeur and au-
tomobile understands all cars, wishes
car to run and take care of; will work rea-
sonable. JONES. Milton House, 156 Third st
< YOUNG man. aged 24, with 3 years' experience
In the hardware business c wishes position
filling orders or selling goods; city, or coun-
try; best of references. Box 3803, Call.
EXPERT accountant wants small set books
for firms or persons to keep; evenings or
Sundays; t^rms low; Interview requested.
Box 3559. Call. ' - \u25a0
POSITION wanted by reepeotable old gentle-
man as bartender In country hotel or road-
house; sober, steady and reliable; wages no
object: good references. Box 3781, Call.
COOK (chef) wishes position, either city or
country; competent; references. Address or
call room 318, James Flood building. >
YOUNG Frenchman wantfl situation In pho-
tography trade. LEMOIGNE HUNTER, 681
Howard et.
YOUNG man, speaking Spanish. French, Ital-
ian and English, wishes position. Box 3<Jl2,
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man who can do house, gar-
den work, plain cooking, etc.. wants situa-
tion:' references; wages $20. Box 1208. Call.
MAN with a small family wants position on a
ranch; capable of handling fruit* stock or
hay. Address 551% Howard St., S. F.
DENTIST: first-class man, wants > situation;
state wages. Address H. C. STUART. D.
D. S.. 418 Central aye., Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS young man aeslres steady posi-
tion as barber, to start Monday. Box 4622,
Call office. \u25a0 . .» .
STEADY, reliable young man,' with good ref-
erences, desires outdoor work, to care for
lawn or garden, etc. Box 3847, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants. work to milk and
care for horses and- garden. Box 4692, Call.
TYPESETTER wants a position In city or
country; good references. Box 4614, Call.
WANTED— Situation; steam fireman; coal or
oil. Apply 1410 Kentucky st
SITUATION wanted by, first-class cook. L.
CHING, 758 Clay st
A NICE Japanese boy desires a position as
houseworker or barboy; has references and
good knowledge of English. SAX ATA, 804
Stockton st.
JAPANESE first-class family cook wants post-
tion; has best city refernces. JAMES NITTA,
9 Meacham place, off Post hi..' between Hyde
and Larkln.
JAPANESE couple want positions aa gardener
and cook; can milk cow and take care of
horse. F. SAITE, 908 Telegraph aye., Oak-
land. \u25a0' : .""\u25a0•\u25a0• . '•» \u25a0' • '\u25a0
YOUNG Japanese boy • wishes ..' position as
waiter or any kind of Job;. 'speaks English
well. YAMA. 417 Jonea St.; phone East 3615.
JAPANESE honest boy . wants : a position for
houKowork. I. HONGO, 2202 Fillmore st;
- phone West 506. V : ' . -' . \
JAPANESE, honest boy, wants school-boy po-
sition housework. 3389 Sacrament st. T.
NAKAMURA. . '
| A HIGHLY educated Japanese wishes position
In store. 2002 Union . St. / \u25a0-. ~
' FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants to work
for good family; good recommendation. Ad-
dress 619 Jackson. St., S. F. "
JAPANESE man. washing, kitchen work.
• K1NG,.482A Halght. : ,-.\u25a0...
FLATS TO LET. v
K«.''i.?iiH AAAA \u25a0'• - \u25a0':'\u25a0-.':. ...' .'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 •'
Every desirable vacant dwelling ' is listed In
our j renting department. .'Combined: lists from
25 : of \u25a0 the largest agencies.- -• Save a world jof
time end 1 trouble. < .. •-,;•".- " *;
\u25a0Service Is absolutely free. ,
•You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. Welcome! • ;./-:--\u25a0 • \u25a0 ; •
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY,
• 1030 ' Market Bt, opposite McAllister.
JUST completed, 3 5-room sunny flats;! modern,
I up to date; -4 bay-windows each; rent $25 to
$30. NB.. corner '; Golden Gate : and Central
' ave6 - -'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 -.- " - -'\u25a0"'-'••''."\u25a0: \u25a0-\u25a0.'-\u25a0''\u25a0::\u25a0 -.; '.. '
HALF month's. rent free; come and see those
beautiful - flats, 4 rooms • and bath, * $20; - only,
two • left. ' 27_6 t0 ; 2756 Franklin st; marine
\u25a0\u25a0.view.; -\u25a0'.' : ; ; -.- -.\u25a0-.' •'.'\u25a0-• -.'\u25a0..:. • . ' \u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 ' -t. . \u25a0
LOWER flat; 5 modern sunny rooms and bath;
separate entrance; must be seen to be appre-
> elated. 317 Laurel «t; rent $27 .50. \u25a0;/»' < * ;1"
FOURTEENTH. ' 772, bet; Church /and "* San-
| che_— Flat of 5 : large ; sunny ; rooms, ; bath ; • all
- modern .improvements; l . rent reasonable. „ .- i
HAIGHT. 1001. near Baker— Sunny 6-room flat;
\u25a0 fadngßuena Vista. aye. J : and park; healthiest
'location.:-: ' y " '"' \u25a0 \u25a0:\u25a0'\u25a0:'\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0••'. .;\u25a0'•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 *. '
ELEGANT. sunnY, modern flat; 6 large rooms;
every convenience.' I *. 1111 ' Turk ' st, : near Jef T
Person Square; choice 'residence block: $35.'
TWENTY-FIFTH. '.;. 3478, :' ( near. i Valencia — I
rooms and bath. $16; private entrance; \u25a0an
'"'\u25a0: upper sunny flat' \u25a0,~' T '«\u25a0.;."
; ; - FLATS TO . LET — ContlnnedU
AAA— COMPLETED ' LIST * OF HOUSES,
FLATS, apartment and rooming-houses; our
'.renting department is free to all; we can find
you a home in any part of the city: ask for
; no payment other than your good will; we^do
; not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
uso this deDartment freely: you are more
than welcome. '
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-259 Geary
st. (on the ' square). • ..'>•> ,- - \u25a0
TO let— Lower : flats ; 39 and 48 Longton st .
near Seventh " and Howard; 4 , rooms, bath
and washtubs. ' . \u25a0- _
Flats; 118 and 118^3 Perry st. near Third;
'5 rooms, "bath and washtubs. \u25a0*' ' . '•
(i.">o JeSsie at., (J rooms.; .' •
MODERN flats; 5, 6, 7 room ; yard, basement.
1929-1937 O'Farrell st; low rent to a good
\u25a0 tenant. . -•'.•. - \u25a0'.'.\u25a0 • '.\u25a0" : . _
FOURTEENTH. 435, ' near Valencia— « Modern
sunny rooms- middle flat Apply 437 Four-
\u25a0 teenth st. '\u25a0< \u25a0\u25a0' ___________
BRODERICK. 143, 'near Halght— Modern B-
room flat: marble steps, beam ceilings, elec-
tric ' lights, etc. ; * owl . cars; rent reasonable.
$16 — FIVE rooms and bath; upper flat at 31
Norfolk st, .near Twelfth.
HOWARD. 2170, near Eighteenth— Lower part,
4 rooms, bath; to adults.
BEAUTIFUL . modern upper T sunny rooms.
KB. cor. I Jackson and Larkln sts. ; rent reas.
SUNNY unfurnished flat of 6 rooms,' bath; rent
$27 50; furnished. $35. 1533 Larkln st
MODERN flat; 6 rooms. 2275 Geary st: rent
;25. \u25a0.:\u25a0\u25a0<. \u25a0 \u25a0: \u25a0.- -i- : \u25a0•\u25a0 «-\u25a0. •-\u25a0.'.\u25a0.. \u25a0- . \u25a0-
BEAUTIFUL location; Hayes and Stanyan; G.
G. Park; 4 r. flats, , s2s; new; ready this wk.
PAGE, 452. bet Buchanan and Webster —
Flat. 5 sunny rooms, bath and yard; reas.
$12 SO — SUNNY j 4 rooms. 68 I Ivy aye., near
Van Ness aye.'- and Hayes st \u25a0
CLARA. 217 — Sunny bay window, flat of 3
large rooms ; rent reasonable. .
MASONIC aye.. 1227. near Hatght — New flats;
..5 rooms, bath; rent reasonable.
SUNNY flat to let; 6 rooms and bath. 212»4
Fourteenth. «t; apply within.
$25 — ELEGANT upper flat: 6 rooms, bath,
garden. . 2719 Pine st, near Devlsadero.
CORNER flat of 6 sunny rooms and bath; rent
.only. $20. 3021 Laguna st .- -
LAKE, 742 — New 6-room flat; marine view;
park In rear; rent $25.'
HAIGHT, 432-434. betw. Webster and Fillmore,
2 sunny mod. flats; 6-7 rms.; reas; open 11-4.
PERRY. 254, near Fifth and Harrison— Four-
room flats, $12 month.
MISSION. 1910— New building, store and flat;
suitable for doctor 'or dentist; rent reasonable.
$25— UPPER flat, 7 rooms and bath. 1176 Mc-
Alllster.st. corner Flllmore. -
$17 ; — CORNER upper flat, 5 sunny rooms and
bath; tinted. 3336 Twenty-sixth st, nr. Capp.
BEAUTIFUL location; Hayes and Stanyan; O.
G. Park; 4 r. flats. $25; new; ready this wk.
HAIGHT, 1061. near Baker— Nice sunny 6-
room flat, facing Buena Vista aye. and park.
GROVE. 715>4 — A fine sunny flat; 7, rooms.
bath; key at 715 Grove st. - 1 * \u25a0
FLATS TO .LET — FURNISHED.
PARLOR and alcove dining-room, kitchen,
bath; nicely furnished; piano, etc.;. s22 50.
2638 Howard at.
FURNISHED flat, nearly new, $140. 112 Lily
aye., nosr Gouch st.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
A SNAP — Must be sold; leaving city; well-fur-
nished 7-room flat;; sunny corner; make
offer. 103 South Park.
$350 — MODERN sunny upper 7-room furnished
flat; rent $35; must be sold before Tues-
day; call from 1 to 3p. m. 847 Geary st
NEWLY furnished, sunny, upper 7-room flat;
will sell or rent cheap. Box 3759, Call office.
FPRyiTCRE WANTED.
A — PHONE South 1015; It will pay you to send
for me before you sell your furniture, car-
pets, piano, etc. M. GALLICK, 201 Larkln.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
st, bet 9th and 10th, paying big money for
furniture, etc Phone South 179.
Alfred WollDert, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
nlture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel.Bush 813.
Z. ABE LEVY, 1185 Market st, phon« Jessie
701; \u25a0 pays caah and buys everything.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$65 — FURNITURE 8-room flat, complete; al-
most new; cost $160; must cell to-day. 76
Lily aye. • ,
ALMOST given, away; unredeemed storage pl-
anos and fur; Whltehead'a Storage, 1636 Mkt.
\u25a0 FLORIST GARDEN. '
TO LEASE^ — 6 acres rich sotl; plenty water;
near Mission st. Owner. 636 Clay st, r. 1.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A— CENT. CALIF. EMP.. CO.. 388 O'Farrell st.
Phone Main 3425.
Housekeeper, Nevada, lady here $20
2 ladles' maids, ladles' hotels $30
French or German* governeas $30
Parlor maid and waitress..* $30
4 German second girls $25
Companion to elderly lady $15
• 4 infants' nurses $20-$25
2 second girls, one Oalctand $26
Kindergarten teacher. Institution $25
Girl to take care child 4 years old $15
5 nurses, children, day work $12-$l5-$2O
\u25a0 Millinery trimmer and saleswoman. ,<l2 60 wk.
f Cook, small hotel.;.. $50
Cook, mining boarding house $30
8 family cooks (4 German) $35-S4O
10 girls, cooking and downstairs. .... .S2S-$3O
Pantry-girl. : $15 and board
30 girls, housework, city and country. $25-$3O
A COOK and second girl for small family in
city, $30 and $25.
A girl for plain laundry work In private
family, $25.
A waitress and parlor maid, small family,
\u25a0 '\u25a0. San Rafael.
A "chambermaid and seamstress^ city, $30.
A Catholic nurse for 8 children, $35.
A lady's maid for one lady, city, $30. *
A cook for small family, Berkeley, $35. .
A cook for small family, San Mateo. $35.
20 housework girls for city and country.
MISS PLUNKETT. 428 Sutter St., nr. Powell.
A — TWO young relief salesladies for candy
store; four and five dayo a week; steady po-
sitions, $170 per day; good chance for young
ladies without experience' to learn; ccc party
this office. MRS. M. E. DAY. 486 O'Farrell.
SEWING machine operators on shirts; clean,
1 lght factory ; steady , work ; Inexperienced
young women taught and paid while learn-
ing:. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 1873 Mission
! et, bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS* ON OVER-
ALLS- NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
GOOD PAY: STEADY WORK. , LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 32}* FREMONT ST. MR.
DAVIS. ,\u25a0...,-«-•-.\u25a0\u25a0 •
EXAMINERS and operators on shirts: steady
work: best pay.. ULMAN, SEELIGSOHN &
BROWN, 715 Mission st. •
WANTED — A girl to assist in housework; no
.; night or Sunday, work; good wages. 310 Fol-
aom st. - j» \u25a0"\u25a0."'
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to take car*
of an elderly woman; German preferred.' Ap-
U>ly after 10 o'clock, at 1620 Pine st. ,
EXPERIENCED pants operator: steady work;
high wages to right party. 121 New Mont-
gomery st, room 5. \u25a0.. ~x . ~ . * - '
WAIST hands wanted. .1407 Laguna st
SKIRT finishers wanted. 1 ' • 70. Sutter. st.
NEAT girl* for general , housework. • 2706 Sac-
ramento st \u25a0 \u25a0 .
WANTED— A shirt polisher. 3372 Mission st.
GIRL for; ceneral. housework;' $25.' Call 2967
-\u25a0 Howard 'et.., /\u25a0 \u25a0', \u25a0-.--.\u25a0
YOUNG girl to '\u25a0\u25a0 learn polishing : wages. Calif.
—Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. .\u25a0.-
FIRST-CLASS ' finisher 'on • pants. \u25a0 156 - New
Montgomery' st. ; -". ' ' ~-
WOMAN for llsrht housework I family of four;
: no children; $20 per month.. Box 3914, Call. -
A GIRL wanted for housework; omit cooking.
; 1542 McAllister st. : \u25a0 •-'\u25a0', .
FIRST-CLASS ; waist and ' cloak makers. . 1812
! ,'vSutter. St. \u25a0\u0084\u25a0;;\u25a0\u25a0:;\u25a0- .;;:".. r •"'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0. ' -.: ; --_."~ -\u25a0"_.:'
A- YOUNG ;woman for 'light housework; sleep
..' at. home preferred Apply 1432 Ellis st. ;, '
EXPERIENCED millinery > saleswomen '. want—'
: cd.i Apply between 0 and 11 a. m.- at. HALE
/.'..bros.'.. ;"-;...v.:',:";:' y. r - v ." '--,- '.\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ;, '
WANTED-^Flrst-class alteration ' hands on la-
dles coats, skirts and - waists; steady work.
CAILLBAL-S, . 114. Keamy at.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Continue*
COOK. 2 In 'family. San R-** el - • — ••*;;:»\u25a0 Week
Cook. . small restaurant. Ti^-v So
Cook, small delicatessen; no Sunday wo ™f;nft
2 cooks, no washing •SCsts
8 cookg. German families " $"0
2 parlormaids iyUs-M)
-4 second girls * lift
French upstairs girl """lao
Laundress, private farihly.. *iiV«nii
2 chambermaids, city and country... •*- (> |-«
Cook on ranch .• - ••*?
Housekeeper for three adults |i*
Lady's maid, and companion • -o
And a large number of housework girls tor
city and country at $15-SJW
Apply to J. F. CROSETT- & CO.. 334 Sutter.
GIRLS to learn halrdressing, manicuring, roa.?-
sage, etc, from A to Z, In 1 month for $S to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evening
class. 234 Post st. room 17. second floor.
\u25a0WANTED— GirIs to learn millinery for fall: »
seasons from start to finish In 1 mo. for $10.
v positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
now for fall positions. 234 Post, r. 16. 2d Cr.
LEARN halrdressing, facial massage, manicur-
injr.scalp treatment, hair work.removal super-
fluous hair; day. eve. classes; positions wait-
lng;slo week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3, 2d floor.
BINDERY girts to run numbering machine
and ruling machine: feeders wanted. Mutual
" Label and Lltho Co.. Second and Bryant sts.,
Bryant-st. entrance. -
WANTED— Competent German maid; must b*
good seamstress; wages $30: references re-
quired. Call at 621 Leavenworth st. _•-
tween 10 and 12 a. m.. '
WANTED — Young women to learn telephone
operating; salary while learning; references
required. Apply after 9 a. ra., 216 Bush st.,
third floor. .
WOMEN to learn hairdresslng. manicuring and
massaging; ' only takes four weeks: special
-terms to next 10 students; evening class from
7 to 9. Moler System College. 40a Powell st.
YOUNG girl' for general housework; wages
$25; call or write. 411 H Thirtieth St.. near
Sanchez. >
WANTED— Young girl to assist in general
housework; good salary and home. Apply 117
Cole St.. near Hayes. '
' A REFINED, energetic \ woman, capable of
management, for wholesale house. Address
box 4689. Call office. '
GOOD opportunity as traveler for energetic
young woman: state referenoes. Address box
, ' 4688. Call office. \u25a0
GIRL for light housework: must be good,
plain cook. 2623 California st. between 1
and 5 p. m. . •
CIGARETTE makers wanted at H. BOHLS Sc
CO.'S. 244 Fremont st.; to make Kadee
cigarettes. :
OPERATORS to take wtyk home. 658 Mission
St.. third floor.
OPERATORS on children's wear to work In
factory. 656 Mission st.. third floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In factory. 656 Mission st.. third floor. >
WANTED — Girls for clean, pleasant work;
permanent positions; good pay. C-20 Market.
GIRLS to put fasteners on gloves: good oppor-
tunlty. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second.
WANTED — Book folders and sewers at McIN-
TYRE'S bindery. 424 Sansome st.
LADIES' hairdresser, can find a good opening
at 4 11. Van Ness are.
GIRL for general hou'wwork. 1648 Geary st
GIRL for cooking and housework; wages $25.
T. P. ANDREWS, 109 Montgomery st
FIRST-CLASS waist and coat hands. 1200
Geary st. \u25a0' > *
BARBERS — Employment and Sappltea.
$500— 3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; near city;
hydraulic chairs; cheap rent; choice location;
fixtures first class; good business; rare op-
portunity seldom offered. COLEMAN, 311.
James Flood building. \u25a0' *
$500— FIRST-CLASS 3-chalr barber shop for
sale: well furnished; cheap rent; busy street
nr. Market; doing good business; to b« sold
sacrifice. COLEMAN. 311 James Flood bldg.
BARBER shop: one of handsomest 6-cha!r
shops and baths across the bay: owner about
to retire: can be bought on favorable terms.
STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
BEST 2-chalr shop In Alameda. with cigar
stand that pays expenses of shop; reasonable;
lease. 1544 Park St.. Alameda.
BARBER shops wanted: all those that can
bear dose Investigation as to their merits
may apply to P. BTOLTZ. 723 Market st
2-CHAIR barber shop and - living rooms;
cheap rent; good business; a trial given and
half cash; cheap. Box 4655. Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber, young man preferred, at
once. 643 Po«t st. '
BARBER — Flrst-class young American wishes
steady position. KUENTZ. 43 Sixth st
2-CHAIR barber shop, old stand; cheap; 4
11 v. rms.: good location. 1913 Hyde, nr. Green
BARBER shop, 2 chairs; living rooms In bade.
757 H Brannan st. near Seventh.
WANTET> — Two second-hand patent barber
chairs. 143^ Eighth it.
BARBER shop downtown; 4 chairs, running:
lease. STOLTZ. 723 Market st
COMPLETELY furnished barber shop to let
1020 Scott st. ' ' ' ' \u25a0
$300— 3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; ehotc.
loca.; sacrifice. Coleman. 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
HOPLAND barber shop for sale. JOHN R.
WALKER, proprietor.
HELP WANTED— MAJLIS.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
635 Washington st Phone James 3301.
FREE FARE,
2000 • MEN— FREE FARE.
California and Eastern Railroad.
NEW WORK.
* FREE FARE.
SISKIYOU COUNTY.
FREE FARE.
NEAR OREGON.
' \u25a0 Ship to-night, fee $1.
Have you $1? Then go. 350 miles.
NEW MEXICO.
Coal miners, fare refunded, Santa Crui, all
winter's Job. $60.
Carpenters. n_ar city, steady Job, $3*50.
Carpenters for mine, north, $3 50 and $4.
Single hand miners, cheap fare, $2 and f d.
Lumber pliers. $45 and round; $1 fare.
' 2 log loaders. East $50 and found.
30 railroad men. company work. $2 25.
Lots other Jobs. Ship to-night Free far*.
PACffIC CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGENCY.
BUTLER. $50 and founc; hotel second cook.
$50 and found; restaurant second cook. $40
and found; boarding-house cook, $40 and
found; cook and wife laundress/ $90 and
found, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st. -^^
SPOOLTENDER. $45 and found: laundry man
and wife. $50 and found: scrubber for bath-
house. $11 week; carpenters. $4 day; 2. r00f
repairers and painters, 30 cents an hour; 2
levermen for ditchers. $70 and board, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. _28 Sacra-
. mento _t. \u25a0 N -
TH "~~ • AMERICAN ~~
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
642 COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUSH 833.
NEAR CITY— COMPANY WORK— WIN-
TER'S JOB— 2O LABORERS. ..$67 st>
10 rough carpenters, north $105 00
2 BLACKSMITHS. DREDGERS $50 & $60
and fd.: blacksmith, city, easy Job. $2 75
FREE FARE both Wayjj 2 CALKERS.
- gold dredsre work ...... .~ .$5 & fd.
2 machine men, water tunne1. . . . . . . .". . . .$9O
LUMBER CO.— F.AST C. BOSS HERE
LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEER $150
Thousands of other Jobs^ C. US TO-DAY
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton ! st— Gardener
private place. $35 to $40 and found; as-
sistant gardener, near city, $25; man to help
in nursery,'^ $25; cook, boarding-house, $33
to $40; French dishwasher. $30; potwasher.
$30; roan to do chores,' resort $20; porter,
hotel. : $20; dairyman. $35; _ bedmaker. $33:
porter and do some cooking, saloon. $40. etc
A — FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor: good - wages
guaranteed; "steady. -H. KRAMER, 20 San-
somo st. .-. . \. .'-..-
GOOD, respectable, strong boy wanted, about
16 or. 17 years of age: references required.
Apply I. MAONIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis st
ERRAND boy. 15* to 17" years. Apply H.
LIEBE3 & CO.; 137 Post st. between 8 and
8:30. -.->,.;
A " BRIGHT . errand . boy; permanent cosition.
.> Apply after. 9 a. m., GANTNER & MAT-
, TERN C 0.,,22 Poat.st. -
ELEVATOR boy; must reside with his parents;
• experience unnecessary. Apply Royal House.
,126 Ellis ; at.: \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0''.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
.WANTED— A » man to work on a furniture
wagon. . Apply . 4035 " Eighteenth st. near
'•'. Castro. \u25a0 • . :.' - '\u25a0 \u0084";'--•':' ''
ONE or 2 men to learn a good trade: good pay
while learning: must " furnish $10 security
•310 Folsom «t.
BLACKSMITH wanted." 612 Gourh st
BOOTBLACK wanted.. 205 \u25a0 Scott st. near
Halght. . " ; : . ._; -,
PAINTERS wanted. ON___U 23 Steaait «t
HKLP WANTET*— MALE — ContlnnedU
A-MURRAY & RBADJ-, o^:^ CTay St -
. Phone Main»sS4S.
Our Own Printing
Plant' Issues our free nst of positions four
times dally— 7 a. m.. 10 a. m..
1 p. m.. * p. n>- \
OUR L^ls^G^bi^n^GßEGA.
?i L on msul^tn^tYie production or
MURRAY D & F-CADT. «^ I «a«Cl«r ? C.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Phone Main 5-S4B.
THE RIGHT OF MAr* TO LIVE. TH»
\u25a0_a«S3-C: \u25a0 >SS»t
OFFICE FEE $1.
\u25a0- MURRAY & I^Ag T «
634-636 CLAY ST.
CAST TOUR r^rv OS THI»
ONE THOUSAND MEN
1000 MEN
ONE THOUSAND MSN
FOR THE
NEW RAILROAD.
2 YEARSIWORK.
SOUTH.
ARE YOU GOING SOUTHt
DRILI-ERS. HAMMERMEN.
ROCKMEN. ETC.
$73 MONTH.
2 TOOL SHARPENERS. $W.
BOARD. ETC.. $20 MONTH.
ALL OPEN CUT JJORK.
GOODS SOLD FROM %. ,
COMMISSARY AT COST.
SPECLVL R. R- FARE.
$** 40
BEAUTIFUL SOUTHER-*
CLIMATE. NO LOST
TIME.
OFFICE FEE $1.
CLAY ST. '
LOS ANGELES $5 FARE.
CATALINA • ISLAND. »_£ARa.
NEWPORT BEACH. $5 FARE.
SANTA MONICA. $5 FARE.
PASADENA. $5 FARE.
M^s %__m*
BEAUTIFUL REDLANOS. $5 FARf^,,
Where the orange and lemon grr w ana
flowers bloom the year round, and man c*»
WORK EVERY DAY IN
THE LAND OF SUNSHINE.
NOW— NOW— NOW.
12 bridge carpenters. $90.
25 twe-horse teamsters. »67 00.
93 laborers. $67 50.
66 hammermen and drillers, »»».
93 muckers. $87 50. " ! ''\
£kT hSSrt^ of other position., KO
OREAT^ROWD GOING. ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
r : ,*\u25a0 ;'.•> 634-636 CLAY ST. *
OREGON— FREE FARE.
63 COAL MINERS.
$1 TON»— ARE YOU GOINO?
COAL MINERS.
MEXICO. MEXICO.
250 Coal Miners.
MURRAY -: READY. 634-636 Clay st
TO^SAWMILL WOOD 3.
65 LABORERS. $67 50.
FARE $3.
Real estate and development syndicats; fr_*
23 laborers, you'll suit; office fe« $1; $80.
55 TIEMAKERS— SEE US. -
MILLMEN AND AMALGAMATORS. $30.
FREEJ FARE.
QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
25 laborers, no experience, ship to-day, U:3O
a. m. . $60.
18 drillers, ship to-day. 11:30 a. m.. $67 SO.
18 header men. ship to-day, 10 a. m., 3 ana
5 p. m.. $87 50.
12 laborers, big new quarry. $67 50.
13 laborers around steam shovel. $67 60.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
865 laborers and teamsters, different Joba,
some in San. Francisco. $2. $2 25. $2 50 day;
come see us. ' .
FARMS, ORCHARDS. ETC.
General ranch hands. $30. $35. $40 found.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
Men and boys for chores. $15. $20. $25. $30
and found.
DAIRYMEN.
Milkers, butter and cheese makers,' s3o; f35.
$40 and found.
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
835 laborers, fare paid, you'll suit $35. $t*.
$45 and found.
STABLEMEN 1 .
\u25a0 Stablemen, different Joba. $35 and found to
$60. $75.
18 boys for different trades, $i. $3, $3 week.
555 LABORERS. $60.
BUILD NEW RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
GREAT LUMBER COMPANY.
25 laborers, northeast $87 GO.
62 laborers, grade railroad. NEJ.. $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC~
Cooks, different places, $90. $75. $50. $40
and found.
Waiters, different places, $45, |40. $30. 9-3
found.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAXERS
30 waiters, different places, $35, $30, $25.
$20 and found.
LAUNDRYMEN— BELLBOYS.
. Laundrymen. all classes. $3. $2 60. $2 da?.
' Bell and elevator boys, different Jobs.
BUTCHERS AND BAKERS.
Butcher, slaughter-hou»« wort, $40 found.
Bakers' helpers. $75. $60, $50. $45. $35. $30.
$25 and found.
BUTCHERS.^-;-"-";
Butcher. . shop and wagon, fare $1 60, $35 fd.
Boy. cat meat, city market, $30 found.
6 BOOTBLACKS. JS 60 WEEK.
Middle-aged man. institution. $30 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay «t
MECHANICAL*.
9 young men or boys, learn sash and door N
trade. $ 1 25 per day.
, 2 water rubbers and polish furniture, city, $3
day.
4 upholsterers, far* 20c. $3 and $2 day.
Wagon-maker, woodturner, city. $3 30 day.
Lime burner, fare $1. $2 50 to $3 day.
8 PLUMBERS. $4 DAY.
3 cabinet-makers; 8 blanket weavers.
Machine hand, ripsaw. $_ _5 day.
; 3 sticker hands, mill, $3 60 day.
Machine sticker hands. $3 day.
CARRIAGE PAINTER. $3 OAT.
Brush hands, varnishing, $2 to $3 day.
2 tinsmiths, city work, $2 to $3 day.
Furniture aad cabinet maker, city. $2 50 __T.
MILLWRIGHTS.
12 more millwrights, lumber co.. $105 fans-.
FREE FARE.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
25 carpenters, construction work. large mis*
corporation, special fare $1. $97 50; general
manager at our office.
12 rough carpenters. . large lumber CO.. $90.
16 carpenters, plain house and shed and barn
and other work; corporation doing Uselr own
work; fare $1 30; steady Job; $105 month.
12 carpenters, special naw Job. construction
bunkhouses, trestles, etc.. fare $1 25. $103
month. ,
6 carpenters, house. R. R. work, free far*.
$90.
6 rough carpenters, city Job. $00.
Rough carpenter fare 10c, steady Job. $75 fd.
Carpenter, rua Job. concrete bridge, far- SOc,
$4 day.
15 carpenters, build clubhouse. $4 day. 4
CARPENTERS.
25 carpenters, house work, far* $1, steady
Job, $3 50 day.
12 carpenters, special Jobs, special fare $2,
$3 60 day.
15 CALKERS. WOOD SHIPS. $5 DAY.
15 CALKERS. FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READT. 634-63- Clay St,
BOX FACTORY.
65 young men. you'll do $2 day.
MURRAY A READY. 634-638 Clay, st
4 MEN and wives, ranches. $40 to $60 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
MACHINE blacksmith, iron foundry, country.
$_ 50 day.
. Boy work In. printlr.fr orflce $1 . day.
Boy drive 1 horse, light city team. $1 day. •
Choreman and wife, fare $1 ranch. -$4O fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63- Clay st.
2 PAINTERS, city, house work, boss here. 0
a. m., $3 day.^*-__-Ba-__S*JN_M_fl|
.CABINET-MAKERS.
Belt man, factory, fare $1 30, $3 day.
25 drillers, new Job $37 50.
LOOK. >
Old man. cook, gun club, boss h«re. $20 fd.
Cock, neat lunch man. otty $40 and ' found.
.MURRAY -: READY. 634-636 Clay st
2 'RIP saywers. scuth. north, $75.
2 lumber graders. SE.. »$i day.
Mortlser and tenoner hand. c:ty $2 50 day.
Bricklayer, city. $3 day.
4 'carpenters, car repairers. Los Aasrele--.
$3 23 a day. JT-
4 men used to truck, work for .freight cars,
Los Angeles fare $5, $67.50.
FREE FARE.
25 carpenter 3. not far away, you'll suit $9«>.
Boy. learn printing trade, city. $U to $3 week.
Baker's helDer fare tS. $lv w»-k found.
7 MURRAY, & READY. «U-B3U-Clay st
— ______ ___ _
13 laborers to pile lumber. $60. . '
I Special . fare *$_»
MURRAY & READY. 004-636 Clay »t.
PLACER COUNTY— FREE FARE.
55 laborers, free tare.' ask about it
MURRAY & I__UX>Y. _2---3« C3-_f St,\u25a0IG.NOR AN T OF THE CO ST OF T HING S
HELP WJLVTGD—MALE — Continued. J
:>.". min<=ns cold quartz rr.in- $&» fd.
MUIIRAY «fc RKADV. ta4-<SSO day tt.
IO^LABGRFrj', build factory, fare s'Jc, $2 day.
_ laborers, city iron works, S2 day.
LOOK.
* tur.n.imm. free fare. *2 73 day.
LOOK
4 lathers, boss here. $.2 2T. day.
ii«-llier. tank works, city j;,b. $2 day.
Choreman. private funiily. fare 15c. £_5 fd.
Bu h BUTCHEK.
i^akcr, ruilroad ;;-.:;;>. fCO fd.
Suablrrr.cn. drive to depot, city. $35 td.
Ml'KliAY A- HgAI.Y. 03«-»>y. Clay st.
2 ELECTRICIANS, factory. .MX} found.
3 car;H;ii;er=, isneh. rare $1 10. 5_ day fd.
. Handy mar.. V^lp carpenters, $1 00 day fd.
C teamsters, factory larc SI. Str? 511.
MURRAY &.- HEADY, C2l-CiO Clay St.
AT lIORD & SMITH'H Employment Office.
€28 Clay st. Telephone Main 5521.
Kev«<Ja. frf-o fare; laborer*, ?2 and (2 25.
>"re« fare, Nevada; ship to-day, 5 p. m.
Also, Eutvka. Cal., free rart; laborers, f2
Frw- Jgr.- Kureka; thlp to-day noon; eign
«'art gßr.g foreman. f6: b!*- company.
Tunnel foreman. $4; tt. 11. Co.; free fare:
\u25a0tVaek-lxyirg foreman. $3 M; H? company.
Koueh carpenters* $3, near city.
— zzzz
> BOY— £o3 Mission st.: downstairs.
WAN'TKD— A first-class Cish washer. Tivoll
Cafe. 18 Eddj st.
— B«y tc work around printing of-
— , tict. ?.<\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0( Foloom tt.
Ti ANTED— A flUhwa.her at 19 Powell st.
WANTED-— n*t;rr.at on for interior Snish and
wo-<l working plant; youiie man of good ad-
dress and knowledge of r'?-ns. with very fair
Judgment of values can secure permanent
Position : salary moderate til! ability shown.
Box IPOS. Cal..
SALESMAN wanted — Must be well posted in
eeoond-hand furniture business; no oth»r need
apply; irood wages to right m:tn. Fee 11.
PCHELLHAAS. Eleventh ft.. Oakland.
WANTED — Male or fetru_e drsUig!it»man who
is expert at lettering. Apply to FRANK S.
KOLLANP, 216 Bush et., S. F.. engineering
C°panment.
nr.fT-CLASS baker or. Vienna and milk
bread, country position. $22 per week: with
'•r:cied f .ate Increase if competent: fare paid.
Tlcom 318, James Flood build'.ng.
— Coatmakerts skirtir.akers, Tvaist-
makt-rs and frieevemakers: high waget paid
to romp»trnt wcrk^rs. TERRILL, S3S-S4O
south Hill «t-. Lo» Angeles.
KCESC lenrn the barber trade in 8 weeks; tui-
tion earned while lear— lng; situations guar-
anteed: only up-to-date colleges in America.
MCLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 644 Clay st.
Va'NTED — Laborers ar.d mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third «t.; 250 rooms. 25c to 50c per night.
VTANTOD — Men to learn barber trade: ne-
method; tuition earned while learning: posi-
ticn — uaranteed after S weeks. GILLMAN'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 627 Clay st.
\\ ANTED— Experienced alteration hands on
pkirtß and Jacket*; also operators. 008-
• SUAVE CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE, 32S
Pf'St Ft.
WANTED — Ca.Fh boy? 14 years of are. Apply
Setween S and 0 a. m. S. N. WOOft _ CO..
\u25a0^'H* Market et.
V ANTED— Draughtsman: one familiar with
.'aylng and con?! ruction of metal. A. MERLE
'XL, Bay and Stockton sts.
f.M.EPMAN. De Lux Books, for high-class
preposition- experienced, responsible. Nation-
al Alumni. 22ft Tarrott M(3g.. bet. fr-U a. m.
I "' ETECTIVES— Learn the business; money
made while learning. 604 Montgomery St..
room 204.
WANTED — A bra*» f.r.ifher and lathe hand.
Apply at once to JOHNSON-JEFFREY CO.,
' ' ICO Sixth et.. Oakland.
WANTED — Drees goods man for department
.•tore; state are and exr— rtence. also salary
expected. Apply box 4<;:>s. Call office.
MI-N and women to learn the barber trad?;
t-pecial offer to next five; new method. San
Francisco College. 741 A Howard et.
WANTED— Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
right; clothes closets hair mattresses, elec-
tric Vight in every room. CSI Howard, nr. 3d.
\u25a0WANTED — Pressman for folding box. cutting
machine. S2O Market et. - >v-
FJKST-CLASS lunch porter' wanted at Key-
?tor;e bar. 27 7th ft.: wages $4*; call early.
AN f-xper'.f-nced bartender: references and
bond BROWNSTON'S. 225 Taylor st.
WANTED — Wrapper !n printing department at
SANBORN. VAIL & CO.'S..
CASH boys wanted; wages t* a week. Apply
at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S. 740 Market a:.
TWO young men wantfd to learn paying trade
California Watchnr lekir.g School. 723 Market.
DRUG clerk for country store. Box 13CCJ.
Call.
YOUNG ««an of Intelligence to take up good
paring business. 6f»4 Montgomery, room 204
T' ANTED— Stock boys. Apply betwen 8 and
_/,! a. m.. »t HALE BROS.'
fJY to learn piano polishing trade. BYRON
MAUZY Piano Factory. 30S Post st.
TROTTED — 6 solicitors on a good paying prop-
opltlon. Box 4C50. CaU. s I
fOATMAKERS. pants and vestmakers for
country. REISS BROS & CO.. 24 Sutter tit.
WANTED — Clean experienced lunchman for
restaurant : $40." 11l Larkln st.
I ETECTIVES to learn the business; money
mace while learning. 604 Montgomery, r. 204.
fcAILORS and ordinary eeamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart »t.
10 009 WORKINGMEN to buy our genuin*
army fhoeg; all inspected. 105 Third tt.
fAILORS and j-cung men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT 517 Jackson gt.
LABOR deb's collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d St.. rra. 522.
PENS-ION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r.40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Port. O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. nr. Mar-
fcet — 700 rocaw; 35c night; reading-roonia,
free bus and bejrg&ee to and from ferry.
TAUTEL wants 1600 men to buy inspected
Government choc« at 631 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH effir* of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and 6Ubscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market at., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 o m.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Oil! Branch nfflce. cor. Duncan _t Church sts.
SOLICITORS WANTED.
_1~?C or ladles to handle our coupon; good
t.pller. 6 Eddy st.. room 33.
A HOUSES AXD WAGONS.
BIG »ound work horse. $65; team of horses.
$45. good workers; big work horse, $30; 3
driving horses, (15 up. 37 Croke »t.. op-
posite China aye. '.-'\u25a0:
E-ECOND-HAND panr-1 top wagon: Victoria:
rubber tire coupe; Tooraey road cart: leather
top carriage and phaeton; cheap at 600 Gold-
- en Gate aye.; Blso 2 tets 2d hand harness.
A— FCR esJe — 411 Sixth H.. 7 general purpose
horses; must be sold to settle an estate.
AN e-lagant carriage .team (bays), 5 years old,
about 2500 lbe, for sale. 634 Devlsadero gt.
6 GOOD plow horses for sale. 875 FblßOm Bt.
GOOD business and' wagon horses for sale
r^ap. J. TOMKINSON CO., 75 Minna st.
AUCTION «ale of horses, wagons «nd harness
every Wednesday at II a. tn.. 327 Sixth «t.
CHEAPEST and fce-t In America- — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent t- any address in Uie
TJnited States or Canada one year for $L
HOUSES TO LETT.
X PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 20 Montgmy.
CLAY st.. 2727, near Pierce— Elegant re«l-
' dence, 8 rooms and bath; opposite Alta
" Plaza: all modern conveniences; fix to suit
tenant.
£IX large, modern. «unny room_, butler 1 * pan-
try. fclS* planked basement; garden. 610
Guerrero Et.
TC) Jet— House, of 16 ple«»a.nt, sunny rooms;
nice yard: central. 107 Fifth gt.
HOUSES TO f.ET — FCRXISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished 10-room house: fln«
location, to lease for one year: reasonable.
For particular* address CCS. HARRIS. 1423
__Jfentome «t. • \u25a0
<*£_ 419— Elegantly furnished house. 10 sunny
•ro 2 baths, piano, garden, yard.
G^GH. ICIS. near Tire— Very «unny. durable
••««*. 7 rucms; all conveniences; 10 to 5»
j1 in \u25a0 mm 1 w _\u25a0!_____\u25a0 __i_______a^iiT-i___i__h__T__lr__r______r__i_Li
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE.
SIXTH. 421 — A nice, sunny house. 8 rooms
and bath; very cheap. $105; cheap rent,
?2- r.O; a good place to rent out rooms..
HOUSES TO I-ET — MILL VALLEV~
SUNNY villa, furnished: 7 rooms bath C.
TOOHEY. M. V.. or 312 Montgomery tt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TWENTY-SECOND, 2767,"" near Bryant— Mod-
ern cottace of 5 rooms and bath; conserva-
tory. garden, chicken yard, basement; $25.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms. I>£-story an>l basement:
M'ssion-st. enrs to Crescent aye. on to flret
Etiet-t to right; $11.
COTTAGE, three rooms. Inquire 32T.3 Mls-
tic»n street: rent 810.
HOUSE-CLEANING.
JAPANESE HousecTeanlng Office— All "kinds
help. 1911. Fillmore St.: phone West 255.
\u25a0 HOTELS.
HOTEL St. Nicholas. Market, LarkTn~ Hayes
*ts. — Heart of S. F. ;' modern: American and
Euroi<ean pians: electric lights and phone
in every room; hot Bnd cold water; quiet. '
INVALID CHAIRS.
j SOLD, rented, exchanged; 'manufacturer of the
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkf. tel. Park 775.
JAPANESE CONTRACT LABOR.
JAPANESE contract labor for farming, wood-
chopping, tree pruning or any work; estab. 5
yr-. Matsumoto & Co., box 125. Alvarado, Cal.
LOST AND FOUND.
IF nartv who took a cravenette from «?at- In
electric car at Nairn Sunday mornjns: will
return same to room 1038, James Flood build-
inK, will receive reward and save trouble.
j LOST— Black pockctbook; containing 2 bills,
$I's and gold snake ring ac keepsake: re-
ward $35. GEOROE BUSH. 612 Third St.;
call between 3 and 4 p. m. :
LOST— -Gold ring, small diamond setting, on or
near premises W. W. Montague & Co.. 317
Market St.; liberal reward. HARLOW
CULVER.
LOST -Gold -rimmed spectacles, bet. O'Farrell
nr.d Fillmore, Devieadero and Jackson sts.
Return to eCS I^ Market St.: reward.
LOST — Black and tan Dachshund; name
Romoo ; reward. 1373 Broadway.
LOST — Gold stickpin, opal, diamond each -ide;
it-ward. 2537 Ridge road. Berkeley.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C~A~!~McNEILI. LAUNCH CO.. foot oTciay
Et., for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MEDICAL. '
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— LadIes, all who are
sk-k or in trouble, consult this specialist on
femals complaints; positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult cases
treated: every case taken; immediate relief;
no poifoning drugs; low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of irregularity; consult
me; save time and money; advice free. Office
1018 Market st. ; hours 9 a. in. till 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post et.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5, Sunday
10 to 2. 100S4 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
WOMEN'S disease* and IrrrgularitiPS cured in
24 hours; 19 years' experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling; strictly private; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office, 1206 Market.
DRS. GOODWINS' herb treatment: reliable,
safe, prompt for female irregularities; relief
or no fee; $10; hrs. 9-S. 650 Mkt. St., suite 37.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— orflce and residence
ltEl l^ Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th;. particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth St..
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East C 37.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2905 Folsom St., corner
Twenty-sixth; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. HOWARD, ladles' specialist— Relief or no
fee: $10: hours. 3 to 9. 906 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office and Salesroom, 130 Beale st.
Works and Yards, Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a brand new lot of pipe complete,'
ready for immediate delivery.
i^-inch pipe $3 25 per hundrtdfeet (new)
«4-tnch pipe $3 05 per hundred feet <new)
1-inch pipe $5 70 per hundred feet (new)
14-inch pipe...-$7 00 p*r hundred feet m«w)
l»i-lnch pipe $S flO per hundred feet (new)
2-inch pipe... $11 05 per hundred feet (new)
2>>4-ln. e<crew pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 10c
3-in. screw pipe <2d hd); ready for use, 12V4c
3's-in. screw pipe <2d hd): ready for ut>e, 15c
4-ln. screw pipe (-d hd); ready for use, lite
Send by check, monetf order or coin by W. F.
Express Co., with order.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office 130 Beale et.
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MACHY CO.. 130-132 Beale «t.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
A LADY having met with reverses and about
to lose her piano, which she bought on thi
Installment plan and having same almost
paid for, will sell for a small sum to party
taking up balance of installments. Bob
1012. CaU office.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables: easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK- BALKE-
COLLENDER. 652 Mission St., >S. F.
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 336 Main st.
BEAVER cape, $15; tan jacket, size 36; also
brown walking f-kirt; bargain for $12. Box
3905. Call office-.
MACHINISTS lathe; heavy, 34-lneh 19- foot
bed. 22-lnch 9-foot bed. JOHNSON & HO-
RAN. 602 Third et. .
DRUGGISTS — Complete outfit of store fixtures;
brand new; to be had at a bargain. 723 Mar-
ket st.. room 20. : \u25a0
MA<""HINERY. boilers and engines bought,
wold and exchanged; cower plants In their
entirety bought. Western Mhy Co., 230 Main.
14-K GOLD fountain pens,sOc; Sheffield hollow-
ground razors, 5Cc; selling out our cutlery &
stationery dept. SUNSET BAZAAR. 42 3d st.
A— GENTS' full dresa suits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton wt.. eecond floor.
FOR sale — New 2-horse- horsepower: everything
complete. 1510 Harmon at.. Berkeley.
GASOLINE engine. 2-horsepower, marine or
stationary; bargain. 602 Third st.
A SMALL furnished ark. cheap. Box 3023.
Call office.
210 EGGS— Petaluma Incubator, $15; good as
new. 11l Fifth et.. corner Minna.
BEAUTIFUL gent's diamond ring, 2 carats,
$100. PAUL V. GARIN. 114 Sutter «t.
MAGNIFICENT pearl and diamond cluster
ring $100. PAUL V. GARIN, 114 Sutter st.
DUCK club membership for sale; Suisun
marshes. Box 5000, Call office.
DESKS anil office furniture bought, cold and
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY, 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES— Printer. 611 Sansome «t..
San -*Yancisco.
SOLID silver tea set, 5 pieces, at a bargain. 10
Sixth «C £
LARGE show tent In good condition. W. A.
PLUMMER. 11l Clay st. , : ;.
MILKS of pipe and fittings, all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY St SONS. 109 Vallejo at.
TWO merry-go-rounds: one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI. fcOS Kearny st. .
HIGH grade second-hand office safe and wagon
male. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES— New and second-hand. 1 " THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento Bt.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Da\i« 825. 650 Sacramento.
M. LEVY pays highest prices gents' cast-off
clothing, fchoes; tel. RM 1544. 616 Washington.
WE pay cash ladles' and gents' clothing. Tll-
tong Misfit j'arlors. 154 Oth; tel. Howard 1187
BUYS any amount of castoft clothing, etc
MRS. MORRIP. 934 Folsom; phone Jessie 446.
DIAMONDS etc. bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 400-101 Adam- bUUr.. 2CKJ Keamy st.
the ;San Francisco; call, Monday, October "23, itjus.
BIO.YEYJTO LOAN^
AAA^HERMAN MURPHY,
031-602-003 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses "Jy dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, arsignmerts of rents, property In trust,
etc. ; legacleb, iife estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteouß treatment. Strictly confidential.
When you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can
GET JUST ON HIS NOTE:
Mo. Seml-Mo. Week.
$50— Return to v«; $13 35 or $6 05 or $3 35
20— Return to m S 00 or 4 00 or 2 00
20 — Return to ut...... 535 or* 2C5 or. 135
15— Return to uti 400 or 200 or. 'l 00'
Or any other euri and pay back In proportion.
STAR LOAN CO. of Wyoming,
Room 311. Mutual Savings Bank building.
"^ WILL LOAN
reascnable amount on
let, 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate
In city, town or country.
I^ow rate- of interest.
Give full particular*
of property.
Location, etc.
Bo- 223, Call office.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton st., near Market. '
2d floor.
Loans made tc salaried people without any
publicity or other Inconvenience on their
notes. Loans on real \u25baestate in probate; life
insurance policies, estates, second mort-
gages, iifslgnnientsofrentsvetc^
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned talaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to 'obtain
liberal advances on dlamondu, jewelry, at 1
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
878 Market st. tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market st. anf 27 Third st.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; lowes^
rates; no coramission; confidential. aiHJ-i
Donohoe bldg.. 8 Taylor st.. corner Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teams. ers, boarding-houses, without
security easy payments; large business in 40
principal cltlet. TOLMAN. 653 Parrott bidg.
A— Lowest rates on real estate, Ist or 2d mort-
gages, life Insurance, or on any security, any
amount. O. W BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bldg., SO9 Manet, cor. 4th. suite 1. est. 1868.
MONEY. MONLY. .MONEY.
Any proposition. 49 2d st., Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. "Wage-Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
ALVA Co. (The) loans money to salaried people
without security; good terms and easy pay-
ments; also oc other security. 507 Flood bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold,
silver, dlamon Is. pearls and precious stonei
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
SALARIED people without security; also on
furn. estates in probate, life Ins. policies, eta
Empire Loan Ji Invest. Co., 612 Parrott bldg.
3% ON furniturt & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. T3EMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st.
ANY amount, real estate or other security;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. &\u25a0
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Cnwilt Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL loans on dlimonda & jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 63S Kearny.
McGARVIE & C 0. .720 Market St., loans money,
65 U. SO per cent of valuation of property.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
English upright, for practice, $55.
French upright, a little better, $65.
Also a Chlckprlng, Vose. Sterling, Curtaz.
Smith & Barnes, Mozart. Neuman. from $145.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
OUR large and increasing renting business en-
ables us to rent the best pianos in the city for
$2 50 and $3 per month, some at $2; one
year's rental allowed if piano Is purchased.
FCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes.
LADY having met with reverses and about to
lose her piano, which she bought on the In-
stallment plan, and having same almost paid
fcr, will sell for a small sum to party tak-
ing up balance of installments. Box 3013.
Call. |
GENUINE barpaln; lady unexpectedly called
a way., will sell almost new mahogany up-
right, fine make, very reasonable: easy
terms. Box .1013. Call. , \u25a0
A NEW piano for rent at $3 per mo.; others
at $2 and $2 50; one year's rent allowed If
purchased. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.,
sfiO Hayes st. . \u25a0 • - \u25a0
FIRST-CLASS upright piano, mahogany case;
must sell without delay; make offer. 581
Valencia st.
AN Emerson upright. $167. HEINE, 237
Gfary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
lIORNUNG, 216 McAllister st., manufacturer
Hornung Bros.' pianos; agt. Laffargue piano.
ELEGANT uprights, new, 2d-hand. $40-$5OO.
PIERCES Piano Factory, Market and 14th.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pi-
anos, furn. White head's storage. 1636 Mrkt.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 30S-312 Post st
NEW, upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
irents. ECHMITZ & CO:. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand.
Shon.ngtr little uped. KeefTe's. 2SS O'Farrell.
' MINES AND MINING. ••
INTEREST in placer claim for sale. Box 1003,
Call office. : . • • •
MUSEUMS.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 102.t Market St.. near Sixth.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MAJESTIC building. 1281 Market St.— Nice,
modern ©fficf« to let. $10 per month and up.
TURK, 718, above Van Ness aye. — Store and
four living rooms, yard. $30.
DIAMOND, 819 — Store and fixtures with
. kitchen, $10; good for notions.
• . PERSONALS.
"rexradio's" d-r-u-g-l-e-s-s t-r-o-
.P-H-I-E-S: You should "READ A-Cf-A-I-N"
last S-U-N-D-A-Y-'S wonderful testimony by
W. ELLWOOD,- 1114 Howard (INTERVIEW
him), of the INSTANT marvelously success-
ful treatment of his EXTREME, DIS-
ABLING, alleged i-n-c-u-r-a-b-1-e LOCOMO-
TOR ATAXIA. signed also by F-O-U-R-
T-E-E-N prominent EYE-WITNESSES,
whose ADDRESSES y<— » can haye — many
similar cases filed at offices, also of many
other supposed INCURABLE diseases. Mr.
Engleke testifies: "I witnessed the Ellwood
case, also, others of DEAFNESS, Paralysl".
DUMBNESS, Deaf-Mutelsm .and my daugh-
ter's large GOITRE, ac My RHEUMA-
TISM remains cured, to date, "82 days."
During 20 years I was BEDFAST days and
weeks at a time; 5 SECONDS' treatment
"permanently" ' CURED me. WRITE or
VISIT me: C. ENGLEKE, 221 Stelner at. -
"REXRADIO'S VISITORS" can "all" have* a
FREE rample of his H'D RADIUM healing
power. CALL for CIRCULAR. Consultation
FREE; hours 2 to 6—509 Kearny. _^
MY . wife. Bertie White, having left my j bed
and board; I will not be ; responsible for
debts contracted by her after this date.
PETER VOYVODICH, 265 O'Farrell st. '
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he will,
challenge the world to produce Its : equal;
shipped to all parts otiworld. 382 O'Farrell.
$1 and $2 50 size bottles; take no substitute.
PROF. B. MATZEXAUER. the greatest healer
living, moved to the Vendome, ; cor. Market
and Turk; chronic diseases cured.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st. ; .
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hairdress-
ers. Star Remedy Co., 821 Polk st.
OLD picture frames reflnished like new: reason-
able: California Decorating Co.. 206 sth st v
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week. ,
NEUHAUS & CO.. the tailor. 720 Market st.
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle epeclal-
Ist. 814 Sutter gt. Phone East 8046. .
8 BRAND new tailor-made 'men's' suits, \u25a0 cost
$25 for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr. Calif ornte Hotel.
$1 A WEEK: cults to order $15 up. LEMOS.
1127 Market «t.. bet. Seventh and ' Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play, books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.; 733 Mkt.
PA INTING AND PAPERH ANGING.
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up;. 75,000 rolls" wallpa-:
\u25a0 per. 5c up. Hartmann Paint ; Co.,' 319 .Third.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented; U. 8. and foreign;
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 632 Market st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE. ;
MARINE VIEW. - PARK LOTS.
$300 each. - Easy payments. No taxes. No
: interest. |
Adjacent to Improvements ' Costing Millions.
Two Electric Roads Will Be Running Inside
of One Year.
Asolutely Cheapest Unimproved Lots Offered
in Golden Gate Park District.
Lots Will Double in Value in a Few Months.
K. J. HOOPER. 26 Montgomery st.
_______ _____ _____
TO BEAT THE BAND. ; : T "> :.
ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
$275 — Elegant level ! building lots, close, to
school: fine car service on Mission St.; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozone Is not polluted
with smoke and dust. ' to say nothing of the
deadly microbe: no interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
, ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$400— For finely located lots 3 : blocks south
of the park: - electric car. service unexcelled;
enhancing in value with every stroke of the
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section: no taxes.
W. .T. WHITE COMPANY,
26 ' Montgomery st., room 8.
MARINK VIEW— LOTS— SUNSET— LOTS.
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
$300 each.
A Third. Cash, Balance $10 Per Month.
43d avenue, near S street.
42d avenue, ner.r S street.
41st avenue, near S street.
40th avenue, .near S street.
S street bet. 40th and 43d avenues.
ALIi TITLES GUARANTEED.
These lots will easily be worth $500 each
lnjide cf six months. . _
We have a few lots in this district for $250
The Ocean Shore Railroad will pass within
BA f Y W C^U:NTI < ES th REA^T c Y rt cbMPA J -. INC..
OWNERS.
77-78 Chronicle Building.
SMALL CITY BARGAIN.
HARRIET ST. Near Sixth and Folsom.
RENTS $660. ALL IN FINE CONDITION.
OWNER ASKS $7000— MAKE OFFER.
With $4000- mortgage at 6 per cent interest
and taxes.
Will pay $420 net on $3000 invested.
BETTER THAN.' BONDS INTEREST. Only
with
THE CORNER LOT CO.,
Croasley Building, San Francisco.
Oakland.
Berkeley. .
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY..
Installment homes. 713 Jas. Flood building.
We build on your property or buy you a
lot; you make a small cash payment, then
$S per month pays principal" and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, maklne your
monthly installments less than rent; call or
send for circular. .
FOR sale-rCorner of Chestnut and Dupont sts.;
fine view; 30-room house; double finish out-
6lde- Including furniture if desired: fine store;
lot 47 feet on Chestnut and 72 feet en Du-
pont; will be sold at half cost. Apply to
the owner at 203 Chestnut Bt.
FILLMORE at., US, 120, 122, near Halght— 3
new flats. 6 rooms and bath each; rented at
$92 50 a month; price $11,500. Inquire CON-
DON, builder, on premises 2 to 3. Hotne ad-
dress 73 Diamond et. *
ROTHERMEL & CO., RO7 California St.. hav<»
some good bargains in city property: also
houses and lots in Berkeley. Oakland, and
Alameda: call or write for what you waiit.
$6000 — BARGAIN: residence, 8 handsome rms.,
bath: solidly built; sun every room; nr. Pan-
handle; $2500 cash needed. P. O. box 2296.
FOR Bale — Store building with 5-room flat
above, on lot 25x100; Twenty-fourth st., nsar
carhouse. HUFF & BUCK. 2SO- Folsom st.
$1700 — CORNER lot and cottage of 4 rooms
and bath on Folsom St.; $200 cash, balance
$15 Der month. 3310 Mission st.
5-ROOM ' cottage; modern improved: on car
line; terms same as rent. Sec owner. 612
Preclta aye. '
2 LOTS and house 8 rooms: 17f>0 Alabama st.
Apply P. BRADLEY. 1348 Shattuck aye.,
Berkeley^
$0000 — BARGAIN; residence. 9 handsome rms.,
bath: solidly built: sun every room; nr Pan-
handle; $2500 cash needed. P. O. box 2296.
LOT cheap, or two modern flats cheap; cash;
2 give location. Box 465 Q. CalU - - »
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1003 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open Pntil 11 n. m.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
Successors to'
WHITE & BAYLEY.
$750 down, balance 14 years, monthly pay-
ments; 58 acres, 3 miles Capltola; 20 acres high
state cultivation; 4 acres full bearing apples,
pears, grapes; 15 acres in potatoes, corn and
beans; abundant water piped to buildings; 6
acres hay land; balance timbered pasture; B-
room, hard-finished house, not and cold water;
barn, 5 poultry houses. 6 outhouses; energetic
couple can clear $1600 a year easy; $3200.
$1000 down, any terms; 41 acres; ono mile of
town, 60 miles city; vegetable loam; 2-S acres
full bearing prunes and apneots; 10 acres corn
and potato land; 6-room house; 2 barns; fine
poultry and brooder houses, with wire netting
yards; several large incubators: 1200 young
hens; fine Income; $5000.
$1000 — 40 acres level valley land; one mile
of Orland; fine. orchard, vines, berries; modern
7-room house; nice yard and shade trees; 2
good barns; windmill; poultry houses; well
fenced; $2500.
$2000 — 12 acres level loam; 4 acres orchard;
one mile town, 60 miles city; cottage, 6 rooms;
new barn and wagon shed; 15 tons hay; wagon,
buggy, harness, horse, tools.
$4500— Acre land, good town, saloon, large
stock liquors, good fixtures; public hall; black-
smith shop and tools; poultry and brooder
houses, '.windmill and tanx; good= 5-room cot-
tage. ' \u0084 \u25a0
$2500—10 acres, close to Sebastopol. on elec-
tric road; cozy cottage, 4 rooms and bath;
tarn; poultry and brooder nouses; fruit, grapes
and berries;' horse, wagon and tools; $1700
down. \u25a0 -\u25a0
$2350 — 30 acres rich soil at Yountville; 6
acres orchard. 3 acres vineyard, all bearing;
cottage, 0 rooms: barn, poultry and brooder,
houses, 2 Incubators; wagon, buggy, horse, 4
cows, 700 chickens.
$2000—5% acres full bearing apricots and
prunes, near San Jose; cozy 4-room- cottage;
barn, windmill and tank; poultry houses; half
cash. .
$875 down — 7 acres sandy loam, on electrlo
road, near Santa Rosa; good dwelling, barn,
poultry housea; grapes and berries: $1400.
$5000—25 acres sandy loam, 2 miles of Hay-
ward; 2 acres vineyard, 2 acres orchard, mostly
apricots; modern \u25a0 resldftncc, 10 rooms, gas,
bath; large stable, windmill and tank; poultry
houses; water piped over place; lovely view;
easy terms. -We have, many choice homes to
snow you In this locality. . -? \u25a0 f
$16,500 — General farm and " dairy in Marln
County; mile of station and creamery; modorn
resldepce, S rooms and bath; ; 3-room cottage
for hired help; 2 large barna, mllkhouse; water
piped to -buildings; family orchard; fine soil
for hay. grain or potatoes. -
-.We are making a specialty of 5 and 10 acr*
homos on the electric . roaa between Petaluma
and Sebastopol, with or without buildings, on
a very small payment down and balance lons
term at 5 per cent Interest. . See them to-day.
Send stamp for large printed list.
26 Montgomery st., room 'B.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
AA A— "OUR PRICES" 3 on ranches I are lower
than anywhere else because ;we do not add
huge commissions " on to the 'owner's price;
we only handle places we ."know"., to be good;
we "never" misrepresent- a place;see us and
save 20 per cent;- Santa Cruz County, land a
specialty. BURR-PADDON. CO.. 40 Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco. Cal. : ;.
IF you want a cheap little ranch, here's one of
20 acres, , well located < ; in . central .Alameda
County, for $2500; there are 8 acres in young
vineyard, balance hay .and pasture land (no
waste), house - barn, \u25a0. peraonal * property, etc. ;
no better poultry farm anywhere; H. H.
CRANE, COB California Bt. A ivV -^
FOR SALE— 2% miles, from; Napa, about 50'
acres; ; 10 \u25a0- acres ; bearing ; vineyard ; L ; some . or-
chard and - plow \u25a0 land ; balance • pasture; 6-,
room 'house -and outbuildings;- price: $4000;
no agent*. :' Address Box 10, Call office. Napa,
, California.;' '\u25a0".,- J. '-':--..- \u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0;' •' \u25a0 "". - \u25a0:\u25a0'•.-\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0
$2050— A CHOICE vir«vard property of 20 acres
in Alameda County; 15 acres -wine, grapes In
seventh year ; . house, \u25a0 barn, I personal property, I
etc.: owner called out of States get partlcu-
i lars of this.v H. :\u25a0 HHr. r CRANE, 608 California.
FOR the best list of country property, farms,
fruit and poultry- ranches, stock ranches," al-
falfa and timber land*, call or send for cata-'
logue. ROTHERMEL & - C 0. .. 507. California.
ALFALFA irrigated : lands, . $25 per acre; :$1
j down,;sl month;i;no interest; \u25a0 call or ; write
for pamphlets, - INDEX LAND AND BOND
CO., 007 Kdhl bid., cor. cal.? and Monty sts.
A MONTHLY. catalogue country land bargains
sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market.
Poultry ranches. Write to J.W. Horn Co.; Pet-
;,\u25a0 aluma," for. free copy of Sonoma Co., bargains.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
' Call. 16 pages^ . sent : to any . address ! in ,'the
'»' United - States -or Canada >\u25a0 one : year * for $1;
• postage jiald.' !•".:/- ,- \u25a0
- BURLINGAME REAL, ESTATE.
NEW SUBDIVISION.
NEW SUBDIVISION.
Best lots for the. money down the peninsula;
200 sold tn 30 days at beautiful Burlingame.
Streets \u25a0 eraded, \u25a0<\u25a0\u25a0 macadamized: •-" sewers and
water pipes laid." Surrounded by beautiful
: homes; near school; great big lota, 50x150,
\u25a0 $450 ,and upward; $90 cash, $10, monthly.
Office opposite Burllngame Station.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery at.
. . PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.
CO-OPERATIVE Land and Trust Co.' are the
owners of large blocks of real estate In "The
« Twin Cltleß," Palo Alto and Mayfleld, the
Stanford University towns; large lots, $3CO
and up;: cement walks, graded streets, etc. ;
«mall monthly payments: country property:
houses for ; rent. San Francisco office, 720
Market st.; phone Front 31. Salesmen
wanted. "'
; REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.^
FINE cottage, 6 rooms; • modern. Improved;
near depot in Los Gatos; rents 'sls; nice
garden; worth $1700; will trade for city lots
between' l7th and 24th sts., Folsom and Cas-
\u25a0 tro st. Box 1446, Call office. --
FINE ranch nwir Fresno; 250 acres; fine, large
house; cost^2sCO; nearly all bottom land;
will trade for city home worth $10,000. Box
3801. Call office. '
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — A lot In Western Addition; give
lowest cash price. .-• Box 1002. Call office.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED— DR.~WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases. of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., nowjo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor I—All1 — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs.' 746-8 Clay st.
ALAMEDA ADVERT ? S y M ? TS
aLameda^jrej^jb^state.
For sale-^-5-roo— 1 cottage, bath, high basement:
lawn, flowers; must<sell. $1675. Box 1322. Call.
RERKELEYADVERT^S'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
13 IT A BARGAIN? .
Get Out Your Pencil and Figure With Me.
THE LAND — 4 lots with 2 corners; facing
3 good streets; Is 75x260x85; worth easy $4000.
THE IMPROVEMENTS — A 2-story. 10-room,
well planned, centrally located home, worth
eaty $2500. r . ' . -
I am aeklng $5500 for this. Better investi-
gate now.
A. HOWARD HERRMANN,
The Realty Broker. Opp. Berkeley Station.
foso0 — NEW modern 7-room house; 1709 Del-
aware st., "Berkeley; lot 40x135; street work
done; cement walks; easy terms. Address
owner, GEO. C. NALL.. 912 41st et.. Oak-
la nd^__ \u25a0 .'-:-^ ''S.'
OAKLAND ADpRT ? S ? M ? TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
FOR sale-— s3oo less than cost, one of the choic-
est- building lot* in Alta liedmont; all street
work, sidewalks, sewers, water and gas
mains complete; magnificent view; faces- two
broad avenues; restricted building values In-
/ sures elegant home surroundings; owner go-
; Ing away: must sell at once; make offer.
Apply to W. J. WHITE CO., 26 Montgomery
St., room 8. - ' . .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day forbargains tn furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th St.. cor. store. Oakland.
San Francisco AdvertYents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 448— Housekeeping rooms.
BUCHANAN, 137—4 housekeeping rooms;
stove; all complete.
CALIFORNIA. 1255— Lower flat; pleasant
I'ousekeeplng. rooms, ... . .
CALIFORNIA. 2304, near Webster — Sunny
front rooms; 2 single beds and running wa-
ter. - ' . " - : \u25a0
EDDY. 329— Sunny housekeeping and t elng\«
rooms; very cheap. ' -
FIFTH 144— Centrally located rooms, com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping. \u25a0 ' !
FELL, 228— Rooms for housekeeping.
FILBERT 1210 — 3 sunny rooms, ' garden, somr
furniture, $15; Hyde-st. cars: references.
FOURTEENTH, 730 — Handsome furnished
rooms for housekeeping; sunny bay-windows;
water; laundry. . •
FULTON, 1206, near Scott — Three unfurnished
connecting rooms: bath; laundry; references.
GEARY. 736 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms'; good location. .
GEARY. 1058 — Four rooms newly furnished;
first floor; $20; three rooms $18. .
HOWARD, 2006 A. near Sixteenth— Front suite;
gfts range, grate, running water, phone:
other rooms. .
HYDE, 21S— Furnished rooms for light house-
\u25a0 keeping; gas range; no children.
JESSIE, 323 — Large front room, gas- range,
sink. $3; sunny back parlor, $3 week.
JONES, 509— Nice housekeeping suite*, $8 to
$10 per month. : '
KENTUCKY. 1247A — Housekeeping rooms.
LAGU!>{A, / 908 — Front sunny housekeeping
rooms to let. *
LARKIN, Sl7^— Sunny corner room; gas
«tove; rent reasonable. .
LARKIN, 1517— Three completely * furnlsh-d
room* for housekeeping; all convenlencee.
MARKET. 1153— Suite of rooms for housekeep-
ing; rent $15; alao single room, $5.
MARKET, 2098— Two large, sunny, j well-fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping;
phone, bath. ________
MCALLISTER, 204, cor. Hyde (Alton House)—
Three-room furnished sunny' apartment.
MISSION, S23 — Housekeeping rooms; gas for
cooking. -" ''\u25a0---\u25a0
MISSION, .2647, near 22d — 3 well-furnished
rooms for houaekeeplng and slng.e rooms.
MISSION, 2057, bet. » l6th and 17th — Nice con-
necting \u25a0 front rooms, complete for housekeep-
ing; adults.
NINTH 110— Nice front " connecting house-
keeplng rooms; reasonable. • ' * \u25a0
OAK 117, or 14 Page— Complete for house-
kse'plng; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.
OAK, 609 — Large light sunny | furnished rooms;
I closets. I running water; . prlv. family: select.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary-— sunny house-
' keeping rooms; rent reasonable. .
O'FARRELL, 787 — Newly furnished 3 rooms'
\u25a0 and bath. - Call ; Monday from 10 j to. 2.; >
SIXTEENTH," 842SA, ' near Church — 2 or 3
'-\u25a0 sunny, \u25a0 nicely \u25a0 furnished, connecting room*
for housekeeping; phone, gas and bath; cars
pass within 3 doors of. the house; reasonably
no children. \u25a0; . " \u25a0 .1. • \u25a0 ' \u25a0
SIXTEENTH, 2936, corner Capp — Two sunny
• '. connecting housekeeping . rooms; gas. bath;
$12 50. -
STEINER, 2204— Several fine, sunny rooms
* complete for. light housekeeping In private
family; adults 1 only." -\u25a0 - "I \u25a0
SUTTER, 1616— 2 large eunny : front rooms,
complete hgkpg., $22 50; 2 sunny rooma, $18.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
ESTHER, \u25a0 1419 Leavenwortti,', near Washington
-. — Now open; greatest conveniences injhouse-
i keeping rooms in city: conveniences of , five
-"\u25a0 rooms contained In two;: call , and inspect
I 1 these apartments; rooma rent from $30 to $35
per month; no other house in city similar. to
this in its appointments and conveniences. ,
ST.CECILE.MIS Fell St., near Van Ness and
, Market — New, ; handsome," fireproof structure;
, mod. \u25a0 improvements; apts. 3-rm.; bath; special
.Inducements for next 60 day;-, tel; South 1071.
NEW 1 4-story I corner -apartment-house ; sunny
: side; completed November. 1. All suites have
•modern kitchens, electric lights, , etc. Apply.
-.< 244 Ninth st. rebuilding, opposite., * ..-;"
ALTA Apartment*, opp.'- Alta Plaza— Furnished
or ; unfurnished; 2 rooms; and separate bath.
' : Clay et.-, \u25a0'. between -Pierce and Scott. ;\u25a0 . .
A— KENILWORTH. cor. Bush. Powell: 8-room
'-ißunnyj aparts. ; tf single | rooms; 1 modern; , reas.,
A— YON \u25a0; N YDACK. ; 873 Poet — I rooms : private
\u25a0.--\u25a0 J; baths v furnished.*, unfurnished;; salt \ baths.*; */;
ROSSWELL Apartments.%l36o Pine, near Hyde
— 2. 3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam h«at.
HOUSES-— Contlnrrd..
RANDALL Apartments. 120 Pierce St.— Four
large, sunny, unfurnished - rooms; must be
: seen to be appreciated. Tel. Fell 9731...
MATBELLE, 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness— Van
Ness, 3-rm. suite; Grove. 3-rm. suite; reas.
THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan— l to 5, rooms.
overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel. Page 616&
ROOMS i TO 1 LET— Forn. and Unfnrn.
HOTEL ST. KATHRTN,
- < Corner Ellis and Leavenworth sts.,-
\u25a0 In the heart of the city.
.300 rooms; 100 baths.
Modern in every detail.
Rates $3 to $15 per week.
Rooms, with private bath. $1 day.
Tourist travel solicited. '\u25a0 •
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth at.)— Rooms 25c to 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 w'eefc; house open all night.
AUBURN. 15— Furnished rooms.
I BELMOND House, over Owl Drugstore; 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights.* running water in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $* week.
BURTON Hotel, 112tt Howard St.— loo rooms;
new house; modern: $1 25 to $3 per week.
BUSH. 1215 — Rooms for gentlemen; bath: rea-
sonabla. \u25a0 ; . .
1 \u25a0 r
CALIFORNIA. 1329— Front hall room to let.
CALIFORNIA. 3085—2 fine furnished front
. roomj. complete for light housekeeping. !
CLARA; 217 — Two sunny rear rooms, with run-
ning water.
DEVISADERO. 1201 — Nicely furnished rooms
to let: moderate charge.
DORE, 26, off Folsom. near Ninth — To let, nice
furnished room: gas. bath; reasonable.
EDDY, 514 — Nicely furnished sunny desirable
rooms; also housekeeping rooms. '\u0084-•--
EDDY, 808 — Large sunny front rooms: elegant-
ly furnished: private; running water; use
piano; gentlemen.
EDDY, 905 — Modern corner flat; newly fur-
nished rooms; single or en suite. \u25a0 i"'-v ;
ELLIS, 323— Nice single rooms, $2 50 week up;
fine furnished suits with baths; very reason-
able.
ELLIS, 792 — Sunny front room; also single
room; reasonable. \u25a0
FIFTH. 119— Choice furnished rooms to let:
central location. ' . .
FOLSOM. 834^ — Sunny front room. $125; also
bay-window room.
FOURTH. 271 — 100 rooms; all sizes and prices;
. new, modern; hot and cold water. ..'.....»•\u25a0
FREMONT! 318 — Nice hallroom to let, fur-
nished.
FULTON. 78, near Larkln — Newly furnished
suite in new apartment house; all conven-
iences: no nign. '.
GALT HOUSE. 1206 Market st.— Choice rooms
by day, w«#k "or month; central location.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 34— Nicely furnished
rooms to let: reasonable charges.
GRAND Pacific Hotel, 1014 Kearny st. — New
house; all modern conveniences; rooms by day
35c up; by week $2 up: open all nisht.
GRAND SOUTHER-A 1069 Mission, cor. Sev-
enth— loo rooms; 50c night, $2 to $7 week.
HOTEL Hamilton, and cafe, 125 Ellis bet.
Powell and Mason ats., S. F. — Rooma $1 to
$3 per day: eteam heat and telephone in
each roon u ' . "'?'^.'
HOWARD 715 — Rooms. 25c to $1 per day;
- $1 50 to $3 per week; reading-room, etc.
JONES. 118 — Furnished rooms to let; conve-
nlent, central; reasonable. \u25a0
LEAVENWORTH. 848. The Stockton— Elegant
furnished -rooms to let; all modem conve-
niences; slnale or en suite.
LEAVrNWORTH, 403. — Nicely furnished
rooms; all conveniences; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 1235—3 M>r 4 furnished
rooms; sun all day: every convenience.
LEXINGTON, 135 — Nice furnished rooms;
pleasant neighborhood: rates reasonable.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL, 129 Third St.— 4W
elngle and family rooms, 35c to fl 50 -per
day; $2 to $S week: th* only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
1 .that has office on ground floor: hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, eteam heal
In every room, and gives free baths and ele-
. vator day and night to Its guests.
MONTGOMERY, 716 — Furnished rooms to let.
PINE, 753 — Fine furnished front sunny rooms;
running water: bath; centrally located; de-
. slrable; convenient. \u25a0- • .
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third St.. near How-
ard — New house with modern conveniences;
rooms en suite and single;, rates by day. :55c
up; by week," $2 up; baths free to guests.
TAYLOR. 570-vNicely furnished rooms to let
by the day, week or month.
TAYLOR, 615 — Newly fur.- rooms; hot and cold
water; $10 mo.; elegant suites; baths free.
TURK. 204 — Nicely furnished sunny rooma, $2
per week up; quiet house. • :.-;-...
TWENTY-THIRD. 4048,' near Castro— 2 new
sunny unfurnished rooms In small private
family. ->-\u25a0•>-,'
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $t 75 to $6 week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -rocra; free bus, baggage.
WOLF House. Howard and Sixth — No better
transient house in city; rates reasonable; lo-
cation central. Geo. H. yon der Mehden. prop.
.WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd st.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms.
350 to $1 50 nightly, $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; tree bus, baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. .-'- \u25a0
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL MARLBOROUGH. 404 Eddy, 404— Just
- opened; rooms modern, up to date, light, sun-
ny, airy; hair mattresses; free baths; every-
thing elegant, fresh, clean; table unexcelled.
Rates: Rooma for 2 with board. $50 month
and upward: single rooms with board. $30;
evtry thing homelike; parlor and piano for
guests; location- in the heart of city. 404
\u25a0 Eddy St.. 404. .'..'\u25a0
MAISON TENCE. 640 Geary— Select private
boarding-house just opened .by Madame
\u25a0 Tence. formerly of 453 Ellis art.; everything
new and, the same excellence in the home
cooked French table board will be maintained
in these fine new quarters; a few choice
room* and suites are open for reservation
and may be obtained with board at very
reasonable ' rates. ' \u25a0 ' '
CALIFORNIA. 807— Exceptionally good table,
free billiard-room, handsome and sightly
rooms; board and room for 2. $45 up: single.
$22 CO up; suites, $55 up; see for yourself.
BUSH, 1738, . between Gough ' and Octavla— :
Elegant, newly* furnished sunny. rooms; run-
ning water; desirable location; -private; with
or without board. . . .:
HOTEL McAllister, 503 Van Ness aye.— Ele-
gant - sunny suites' with "private bath; also
. single room*; fine table board.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1031 — Nicely furnished
rooms, bath; excellent table board, $20; for
two, $32 month. j
HAIGHT. 68. near Market— Furnished room
: for. two, with good German board; very rea-
sonable. .\ '~V:- A\u25a0. .. ; - .. - " :
LAGUNA, 1605, comer \u25a0 Post— Nicely famished
punny rooms with excellent . board In French
family.' u>.V,i: :C '.- . .
WASHINGTON. 1616 — Single and double fur-
nlshed rooms, with excellent French table
board, baths. ; etc ; private family.
FULTON. 1334 — Sunny . rooms and board In
. private . family; ' fine location.
GEARY. 1806— First-class table board.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 320— Furnished rooms
,' with \u25a0 best rof table board. :
GOLDEN GATES aye., 12067-Sunny rooms;
. gentlemen preferred. :' - - ' : - •.'.'-
JOHNSTON. .THE. 605 CFarre 11— Sunny «ult«a
and slngla nna. ; excellent board; references.
JONES, 42SB— Nice sunny rooms .with board
1 in:, new house; good location. .
LEAVENWORTH. 1329— Nicely furn. rooms.
\u25a0 with board ; good location ;. excellent table.
MCALLISTER, 792— Nicely furnished rooms
\u25a0 with \u25a0 board,- $8 =to : $B. - .
OCTAVIA. '•; I3OS^-N«wly~furnlshed rcoms. ex- 1
cellent board : rates $25 \u25a0 per \u25a0 month.
O'FARRELL.: 1770-^Rooms and board. 7 •
PINE, .793— Pleasant ' furnished : sunny rooms;
excellent hoard; -$25 and. up. .'
POWELii. M2— Bz_ii_' and board.
PINK. l(Tl.S — Nicely furnished rooms with
board: very reasonable.
SUNNY corner rcom and board. 2 gentlemen:
prlv.; board reaa. SO7 Valencia: Church 10U3.
VALENCIA. 936 — Furnished room*. with
water, grate, closets, etc.: table board.
VAN NESS are., m*i — Nicely furn. rooma. with
board: home cooking: rates reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. Sso— Sunny front rooms; good
board; reasonable- rate 3; use of parior.
ROOMS WASTED.
ROOM wanted for a few hours' work morning*
or evenings* by ' a young man. Address
American, box 3314. Call. \u25a0 - .
liV lady and daughter. 2 or 3 unfurn. rooms in
refined family. P. J. M.. 1071 Treat aye.
SPECIAL A OTICES. .
jC GUARANTEED cure for piles; PETER
FREILING'S pile galve. $1 per box; war-
ranted to cure all cases* of -bleeding. Itching.
external. Internal or protruding piles, also
fistula, without fall, no matter how long
standing. 1656 Devl.iadero at., near Suttar. \u25a0
STORAGE AXH WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storags & Van Co. ; furniture, j
household goods stored, moved. shlpp«d- 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant IM.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co.. 6<H
Van Ness aye. Phon* £ast 443. Storage,
moving, packing: cut rates on freight.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillmore: tel. West 82S.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. : tel. Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; be«t
la cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
prtc*; all kinds rented lowest rates. Dome«-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.*
ALL kinds second-hand. $3. $5. $8; slightly
used. $10. $15. $20. You know where dolls
swing in -the window. 10S1 Market «t. -
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
.OT exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentaia. $2 60. Th«
Typewriter Exchange. 538 California st.
TURF.
WANTED — One or two parties to take Inter-
est in book at Oakland; this Is an excellent
chance to get in right, and Is worth investi-
gatlng. Address box 1209. Call office.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Engraved wedding invitations, visiting & busi-
• ne«s cards, crests, etc.; high-class work; mod»
crate rates. J. H. Duncan. 12tt Kearny. r». 1-2.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATESL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b»
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in thim column
free of charge.
MARRIED.
AGARD— RODGERS — In this city* October 21.
1905. by the Rev. W. M. Bours. W. A. V.
Agard and Julia M. Rodgers. both of this
city. . No cards.
KOSER— GRAINGER— In this city. October
21, UHIS, by the Rev. Herman Gehrcke, Wil-
liam J. Koecr and Olive Grainger, both of
this city.
DIED.
Adams, Mrs Samupl Harvey, John W., 5S
Baldwin. Josiah M..73 Hummer. Lulu. 7 mo»
Berry. Dagnar. 32 Ingalla, Laura M-. 'JV
Blish. Charles. «W Kurent. John, 33
Bohen. Elizabeth. 40 McCarthy. Alice M.
Botsford, Dr. Wm.. CJ McGoa-ern, Mary A.. 52
Brown. David, 53 McMillan. Angus. 32
Coleman Cora J.. 49 MeNamara, Tnos.. SI
Coogle. Agnes 4» N«ssler, Lillian. 25
Crawford. Sainu'l. ttS Nugent. Rev. Denis.
Davis, Sadie, 25 Owens. Harry M.. 2S
Duncan, John W., 37 Plans. Ida M.. 30
Fairless. Mary L-. 41 Rodgers. John. 71
Finn, Mary, 59 Sadler. Edwin L., 2U
Garthome.» Margaret, Steffani. Paolina. 51
42 - • Sullivan. Annie F.
Gunderson, Francls.33 Wells. Louise 8.. 73
Guthrle. John 8., 37 Zaro, Domlna, 33
ADAMS— In this . city. October 22. 19v&.' Mr*.
Samuel Adams. •
E_~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral •srvlce*
Monday. October i'o. at 3 o'clock p. no., at
the First Congregational Church.
BALDWIN— In this city. October 25. 1903.
Joolah Murry Baldwin, father of Edward L.
Baldwin and Mrs. May I. Walkley, a nativ»
of Youngstown. Ohio. age<l 7S years anJ
5 months.
BERRY— In Pueblo. Colo.. October 14. 1905.
Dagnar B»rry (nee Wallas >. dearly belovtJ
wife of William A. Berry, and mother of
Karl Berry, a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
aged 3- years. .
BLISH— In the City and County Hospital,
October 22, 1005. Charlea BUsh. a native of
Ohio, aged 68 year*.
BOHEN— In this- city. October 21. 190S, Eliza-
beth France*, beloved wife of John Bohen.
loving mother of William, John. Frank.
Mary, Rosie. Katie and the lata Elizabeth
Bohen, and si*ter of Mrs. O. P. Rnnyon and
Mrs. J. Dwyer, a native of Antiocb. Contra
Costa County, Cal.; aged 40 years 4 months
and s days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
C_onday). at 8:30 a. ni.. trom her late resi-
dence. 328 Thirtieth street, between Church
and Sanchez, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a requiem masa will be celebrated for
the r«poee of her soul, at tt a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BOTSFORD— In this city. October 22, 1905 v
Dr.» William Botsford, a native of Canada,
aged 63 years.
BROWN— In this cit/. October 21, ld*s.
. David, beloved husband of Annie Brown.
and father of Florence, Albert and Harry
Brown, a native of Ireland, aged 3S year*
and S months.
_7Friend3 and acquaintances and mem-
bers of. Myrtle Lodge So. 42. A. O. U. W..
are respectfully Invited to attend th« funeral
services to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock
p. m., at the chapel at 1. O. O. F. C«n*-
tery, under the ausricea of Golden Gat«
Camp No. ft*. W. O. W.
COLEMAN— In this city. October 22; 1905.
' Cora Jennie, beloved wife of Albert G. Cole-
man, and mother of Mrs. Walter W. Farrer.
a native of Vermont, aged 49 years 10
months and 27 days.
E_~ Remains at the mortuary chapel of ta»
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, - 2173
Mission street, near Twenty- first.
COOGLE— In this city, October 22. 1905.
\u25a0 Agnes, beloved wife of Walter J. Coogle, and
mother of Harriet. Margaret, Joseph. Walter
and Robert Coogle; a native of New York.
aged 49 years. (St. Louis, Ma. pap«r«
please copy.)
|_r Notice of funeral hereafter.
CRAWFORD— In this city. October 22. lOCS,
Samuel J.. beloved husband of Ann Craw-
ford, and devoted father of Andrew J.,
Samuel E.. Esther A. and Robert A. Craw-
ford and Mrs. J. T. Hogan. a native of Ire-
land, aged (S3 years & months and 23 day*.
(New York papers please copy.)
EV Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mort-~r
(Tuesday), October 24, at 8:30 a. m., from
hla lata res.:.ienc«. 1 927 Church . street, be-
tween Twenty-first and . Twenty-second.
. thence to St. James Church. wber» a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of hia soul, commencing at 3 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city. October 22. 1905, Sadie,
beloved daughter of David and Raeh.U
1 .Davis, and beloved sister of Jennie Davl*.
Mrs. ; Joseph Magnin and Emanuel Davis, a
native- of San Francisco, aged 25 yean I"•
months and 17 days.
; DUNCAN— In this city, October 22. 1906. Joh_»'
, « Webster Duncan, beloved nephew of Abby
M. Cox. a native of Virginia, aged 37 year-.
(Portland, Ore., papers please copy.)
; (ETRemaiaa at th» mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gata Undertaking Company, 2475
. Mission street,' near Twenty-first, until
\u25a0 Monday. October • 23. at 1 o'clock p. m.,
when remains will be •hipped to Sulsun. Cal.
' FAIRLESS— In this e}ty. October 20, 19C5.
Mary Long Falrl*s», beloved wife of William
\u25a0 Fairless, - daughter of George S. Long and
' the lat« \u25a0 Louise Lone, and sister of George
Long and Mrs. Harlem Waitty. a native of
California, aged . 3l years 10 months and 'l7
' * days. . \u25a0
[- E-Triends and acquaintances ar« respect-
Contlnued op Page Tea.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY/
\u25a01 "San Mateo County.
MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
' «6« ;u&h Flood BuUdtn*. & F.
910
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued from r«Cf Xlnc. J
fu!ly invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 23. at 1:30 p. m.. from the mortu-
ary chapel of tht Golden Gate Undertaking
cempanv, 2475 Mission etreet, near Twenty-
Cm. Intenr.ent private. Cyrrets Lawn
Oemeterj-.
FIN'JC — In this city, Octcbcr iZ 1905. at St.
Joseph's Hospital. Jate of 1"7 Tehama street. |
llarj-. widow of the late John Finn, and {
mother of George H. and James T. Finn, a
native of County Cork. Ireland, aged .>»
years.
tOTriend? ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tl;e funeral to-morrow
iTuesoay). at 5:45 o'clock a. m., from rhe
l-arlcrs of J. C O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mis-
«:on street, thence ie St. Patrick's Church,
where a requirm hl<;h r.-.a^s will be cele-
brated for :he repose of fcor soul at !» a. m.
Interment Holy Crcrs C'.rtKtery.
GARTHORNE— In tin- .i'y. October 23. i'Mo. j
Margaret A. Garthoiae. v.lfc of u'-c late
Ifobert Garthornc. a ...,::ve of Kansas, aeei
"CTThe funeral services will be htid |
Tuisday, October "i. at 3:30 o'clock p. m., j
Rt the parlore of the California Undertaking I
Corr-i any, 713 Port btrect. Funeral and in-
t-rment etrlctly private. Remains at the
parlor* of th» CaJiforola Undertaking Com- j
pany.
GVNDERSON — In this city. October 22. I'JOG.
Francis, beloved »on of \u25a0Cornelius and Mar-
garet Gunderson, a native or San Fran- |
Cisco, aged 25 years. • ;
GUTKKIE— In this city. October 21 19C6,
John li.. beloved brother of James F. and
Mortimer Guthrie and Mrs. John J. Harring- j
ton. a native of New Jersey. a*ed 37 year* j
31 mootba and 10 days. A member of Metal
I'oliEh^rs". "Buffers' and Flatert* Union. Local
No. :cs.
CT'Kner.ds »nd acQualntances are respect-
fury invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.TuUtiay). October 24, at 9:30 a. m.. from
i he perlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Jostph's Church for services
at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Crose Cemetery. \u25a0
HARVEY- In this city. Oc;ober 22. 19C5. John
W. vHarvey. beloved husband of Eleanor I
llervey and brother-in-law of Mrs. J. .i
BeQer. a native of England, aged 5S years j
7 months and £2 dayp. I
HUMMER — In Oakland. October 22. 1905. j
lxilu Alicf, beloved daughter of Howard and \
thp late I^ulu Hummer, a native of Call- j
fornla. aEed 7 months and 14 days.
UscJAUIvS— In this city. October ISO?,
l^auia May Instils (nee Conway), loving wife
of Walter S. lnsalls, and mother of Maria:n
Ingalls. and bcioved daughter of the late
Mary E- Conway. and «lster of Frederick U.
Conway, a native of Ban Francisco, aged
Si yrars 4 months and »<• days.
ir^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 24, at S:3<> o'clock a. m., from her
late rcsidciice. 30 Lynch ttreet. thence to St.
Brigid's Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a solemn requiem high
mats '.vill be celebrated for the repose of |
her soul, commencing at 9a. m. Interment j
Holy «.'ross Cemetery.
KI'RENT— In ih:s city. October 21. 1905. John
Kurer.t. bt-loved brother of Antone Kurent,
a native of Austria, aged 35 yeare.
MCCARTHY — A month's mind solemn requiem
higli iuaFs will be celebrated for the re:>osc
of the soul of the !at<? Alico M. McCarthy
at St. Ignatius Church to-day < Monday).
cofmaeaciog at S o'clock a. m. Friends arc
invited.
MrtOVEHX- In this city, October 21, 1905,
Mary A., beloved wife of Patrick McGovera,
and mother of Thomas E. an.i Patrick M.
McGovera and Mrs. Owen I>ufTy, and sister- !
in-Kw of John McGovera, a native of Ire- j
ian<i. aged 5^ years. (New York papers j
plea fee copy.)
IT?*Friends and acquaintances are reppect-
;ul!y invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
\u25a0 Tuesday), at 10 a. m., from her late r«l-
d'nee. 1057 York street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, \vh«-re a requiem high mace will be
-H^braud for the repose of her soul at
l(r.:;i> a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
McMIULAN— Ia this city. October 22, 1905,
Angus, beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet MrMillaa. and beloved father of Mrs.
]•'. J. < M=ter. Mrs. L.. Young and the late
]>an:e! McMillan, a native of Scotland, aged
T2 years and 10 months.
CyXotice of fumral hereafter. Remains
at the new funeral chapel of Theodor
Uicrks, 4;J2 G-clden Gate avenue, between
"Larkin and Po'k etret-ts.
Uc.VAMARA- In Bieb«e. Ariz..~ October 19,
VK6. Thoma*. beloved husband of Bertha
McXamara, and father of Thomas, and be-
loved son of Ann and the late Hugh Mc-
Namara. and brother of Mrs. M. Trotter,
Mrs. Ella Harney and Hugh, Florence,
Emma, Roady and the late Nana McNa-
mara, and nephew of Mrs. R. Slattery and
Michael McNamara, a native of South San
Francisco, Cal.. aged 31 yean.
C"7Frier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S a. m.. from the funeral
]>arlors of James McGinn &. Co., 214 EdCy
street, thence to St. Brigid's Church, whtre
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele- |
brated for the repose of hie soul., commenc-
ing st 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
NESSLER— In this city, October 20, 1905, Lil-
lian, beloved wife of Fred Nessler. beloved
daughter of Caroline and the late Robert
Schacht, and etepaUter of Victor Schacht. a
native, of Germany, aged 25 years 7 months
and 12 days.
tH^ Friends, acquaintances and officers and
members of Lore-Iy Circle No. 26, C. of F..
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
io-U-y (Monday). October 23, at 2:30 o'clock
V. m., from the oarers of H. F. Suhr &
**0.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh \u25a0
and Eighth. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
NVGH7NT — The second anniversary i-equlem
high mass for the repo** of the soul of the
* new IJenls Nugent, late pastor of St. Rose's
Church, will be celebrated at St. Rose's
< "hurch, Brannan street, between Fourth and
Fifth, on n«xt Tuesday at 10 a. m. The rev-
erend clergy, sisters, parishioners and friends
are respectfully Invited to attend.
OWENS — In Los Angeles, Cal., October 20,
1005. Harry Martin Owens, dearly beloved
husband of Bertha Owens, and beloved son
of John E. and Katie Owens, and brother of
Mrs. AJbert Castro, Gertrude F. and the
late John E. Owens Jr.. a native of San
Francisco, CaJ.. aged 2S years and 11
months. A member of San Francisco Police
Department.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inx'ited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at 9 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his parents. 1315 Point Lobos ave-
nue, between Second and Third avenues,
thence to Star of the Sea Church, Point
Is bc.F and Eighth avenue*-, where a -requiem
h'.gb macs will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 0:S0 a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PLAN'Z— In this city. October 22. 1905. Ida
M.. dr«rly beloved wife of Theodore Plans,
and fccioved daughter of William and the
late Pauline Schulz, and eister of Mrs. D.
W. Wilds, a native of Virginia City, Nev.,
aged 30 years 6 months and 6 days.
CyFriende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). October 24. at 2:30 p. m., from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mis-
sion 6treet. between Seventh aad Eighth.
Interment private.
RODGERS — In this city, October 21. 1905,
John Rodgers, beloved husband of the late
Mary Ro<sgers. and dearly beloved father of
Mrs. Thomas Finn. Mrs. John E. Eberle, Mrs.
.TVUliam MoCleilan, Mrs. Joseph Flanery and
Joseph Rodgers. and brother of . Edward A.
Ilodgers of Martinez, a native of County
Tyrone, Ireland, aged 71 years and 4 months.
\u25a0 f-" .:v ra and Tuolumne, CaJ., papers please
copy.)
E7Friend6 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of his son-in-law, Joseph Flanery
1415 San Bruno avenue, near Twenty-fl'th
street, thence to St. Peter's Church, Ala-
bama etreet. n ear Twenty-fourth, where a
requ'.em high mass will be celebrated for the
rerx>be of his «oul. commencing at 9 a, -n.
Interment Holy - Cross Cemetery. " " "
SADLER— In Coffee Creek, near Carville
Trinity County, Cal.. October 19. 1905 Ed-
win L.. beloved son of Minnie C. Sadler and
the late H. J. Sailer, and brother of Agr.cs
S. and Herrman J. Sadler, a native of San
Francisco, Cal., aged 29 years 1 month and
. 2 days. J
C^Funera! services will be held Monday,
at 11 a. m., at the family residence, 906
\E!i Nets avenue. Interment private.
6TEFFANI— In this city, October 22 1905.
. Paolitja Steffani, beloved wife of the late
, Heririco Steffani. aj-.d dearly beloved mother
of Mrs. \\ illiasi Jiofia. a native of Canton
-, Ticlno. Switzerland aged 51 years C months
. ar.d IS days. <Bost;>n, Mass.. papers olt-ase
copy.)
C7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
SULLIVAN— In this city, October 21. 1905
; Annie F., wife of the late John D Sullivan,
and mother of John, Lulu, Kathryn Mac.
Lillian and William Sullivan, and sister of
Hannah and Catherine Curley, a native of
County Gal way. Ireland.
CTThe funeral wll! take place to-morrow
•Tuesday), at 9:15 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 10C9 Capp street, thence to St. Peter's
Chcrch. where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:45 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ""
V.ELLS— In Oakland, Cal.. October 22. 1905.
Louise Burnham, wife of the late Chari-M
11. Wells, a native of New York aged 73
years 6 months and 2 daye.
ZARO— In this city, October 22. lIKiS, Domina
£aro. dearly beloved wife of Marco Zaro
ewi mother of Mrs. Charles Mlcich and
Peter. George and Hortenre Zaro, and sister
or Mrs. Frank ZambUch of Santa Cruz a
native of Austria, aged 53 years 4 months
CEMETERY PLOTS
In Odd Fellows' and Masonic Cemeteries can
\u25a0 be exchanged for Plots In
JMOU2VT OLIVET.
For particular! apply at City Office,
«KANT BLDO.. MARKET A SEVENTH STS.
and 11 daye. (Santa Cruz and Santa Clara
County papers pkase copy.)
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). October- 24, at 10 o'clock a. m.,
from her late residence. 744 Central avenue,
near McAllister street, thence to th* Church
of Nativity, on Fell etreet, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock
sharp. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WHERE GREAT BACKUS -
AUK TO BE BOUGHT
Tattrmairn Great Horse Market In
London Founded In
1766.
Tattersall's, where a big Bale is held
every Monday, and which during 1 the
season Is a fashionable rendezvous for
all who are interested in horseflesh, is
the arreatest and most famous horse
mart in the world, and in some respects
is also regarded as the headquarters of
racing:. Any kind of horse, from the
•most celebrated racers like Ormonde
and Flying Fox down to the humblest
cab horse, may from time to time bo
bought at TattersaH'p. and the auc
tioneer has a hammer which is said to
have knocked down over £1,000,000
worth of horses.
There was much that wai romantic
about the beginning: of Tattersall's
nearly a century and a half ago. In
1766 a certain Richard Tattersall. a
Yorkshire wool comber, who had lost
his fortune during the Jacobite rebel
lion, obtained a ninety-nine years' lease
from Lord Grosvenor, one of the ances
tors of the present Duke of Westmin
ster, of a p!at of land near to St.
George"3 Hospital, where he built an
establishment for the sale of horses and
hounds.
Tattersall had many influential con
nections, and was on friendly terms
with the Prince Regent, Lord Boling
broke, and others, whose patronage
and good word greatly helped to make
his business a huge success from the
beginning. Such was the friendship
between him and the Prince that the
bust of George IV on the top of the
fountain in the present sale yard was
placed In the original yard at the
Prince's own recuest.
The Prince constantly sat at Tatter
sail's table, and such was the horse
vender's deference on these occasions
that, notwithstanding the Prince's pro
tests, he always refused to sit down
at the table until the arrival of. the
port. However. It is said that when
driving- back to Newmarket after one
of these functions, when the post-boys
had had too much to drink, the Prince
and a friend would ride postilion with
Tattersall and a guest inside.
In due course a huge Blice of luck
came the way of Tattersall. Lord Bo
lingbroke fell heavily into his debt,
and by way of settlement passed on to
Tattersall his famous racer Highflyer,
which became the father of three Der
by winners, and whose progeny in
eighteen years won races to the value
of no less than £100,000 on one race
there, and it was said that it was quite
a common thing for that amount to
change hands on one of the settling
days at "Old Tatt's," or "The Corner."
as the place was variously called.
All classes of sdciety frequented it,
and dukes and stable-boys were mixed
together in the excited crowd, all of
them prepared to bet on anything and
everything. The state of affairs be
came such that eventually, when the
lease expired, the Marqufs of Westmin
ster declined to grant a renewal of it,
and the firm moved to Its present hand
some premises at Albert Gate, where
no betting is now carried on.
Nowadays Tattersall's maintains its
reputation chiefly- by the enormous
prices that are occasionally obtained
there for celebrated racehorses. It was
at Tattersall's that Flying Fox was sold
to a French owner for 37,500 guineas,
and Ormonde to an American for 30,000
guineas. Here also Sceptre, as a year
ling, was sold for 10,000 guineas, La
Fleche for 12,600 guineas, and Blair
Athol for only 100 guineas less.
A feature of Tattersall's is the oc*
casional sales of .yearlings or little
baby racehorses, those of high-class
parentage often fetching four or five
thousand guineas, although they prove
such distressing failures that they fin
ish up as common hack or cab horsee. —
Tit Bits. /
POLECATS CLOSE SCHOOL
TO DISMAY OF TEACHERS
Boys Stoned Them In Basement, Then
Retired tor Necessary-
Repairs.
Polecats put the entire Murray School
to rout this week, forcing it to close down
for two days until the rooms, were hab
itable.
The boys discovered a polecat with two
kittens in the basement of the school
house. The animals were stoned, but
offered no resistance until one of the
young was made captive. Then the pole
cats opened warfare. Within a few mo
ments the boys were put to flight, and
most of them hurried home, where their
clothing was quickly removed and buried.
The parents took the children in hand and
bathed them in disinfectants.
Soon aiter the polecats began defending
themselves the effects were noticeable in
the two schoolrooms above. So sudden
and offensive was it that school was im
mediately adjourned, the teachers fleeing
with the pupils.
So penetrating was the odor that sev
eral girls fainted before they could reach
the doors, and it was necessary to carry
them outside. The building has been
thoroughly fumigated during the enforced
vacation. All three polecats were killed.
—New York Press.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda county.
Frank Kings (single) to Vina Bohnet (wife
of William), lot on W line of Telegraph ave
nue. 90:1% N of Brown (or Thirty-fourth)
etreet, N 30:1%, W 139 to W boundary lino
lot 16, S to N boundary line of land conveyed
to B. T. Mouser March 18. '04. 853 D 393,
, E 110 to beginning, portion lot 10, map B, map
; portion estate of A. C. Brown,- Oakland: $10.
D. E. Rosling (single) to Albert Currlln, lot
of 8 line of Fifty-fifth street or Villa avenue,
690 W of San Pablo avenue, W 90, S 109, E 90,
N 110. lots 28, 29 and 30 and WB feet of lot
27 and E 10 feet of Jot 31. block 6, Revised
Map San Pablo- avenue Villa Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Anna O'Grady (widow) to Ferdinand and
Marie Hespich, lot on B-llne of Chestnut
etreet, 2« S of Third, S 25 by E 132, lot 16,
block 443, Adeline and Market street Home
stead. Oakland; $10.
Berkeley Development Company to Jessie V.
Harrier (wife of L. G.). lots 4 and 6, block
2, Falrview Park, etc., Oakland, Berkeley and
Oakland Township. Oakland Township; $10.
Wlckham and Florence W. Havens to Mar
tha Z. Bennett (widow), lot 89. Oakland Park
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Oscar A. and Mattie A. Allen to E. P.
Cook, lot on E' line of Valley street, 113 S
of Twenty-fourth (formerly Elm street), 8 CO
by E 75, being S .50 feet of lot 3, block 12,
Pacific Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Thomas and Alice W. Klckard to Eliza B.
Urmy, lot on N line of Durant avenue, 60
W of Audubon or College avenue. W 50 by
N 130, portion lot 5, block 9. College Home
etead Association, etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Elizabeth B. and W. S. Urmy to Thomas
Rlckard. lots 7, 8 and 9, block 5. same, Berke
ley: $10.
Raymond H. Bailey (executor estate of
Charles A. Bailey) to Tlllle Levey, lot -28,
block D, Bryant Tract. Berkeley; $ ..
Sarah A. McKee (widow), by S. B. McKee,
attorney, -to Miriam p. Bancroft, wife of
Charles E., lot 6, block 8, , Santa Fe Tract 6,
Berkeley: $10.*
Northlands Development Company to Kath
crlne Snyder, lot 12, block 2. Northlands Tract
No. 1, rfellersberger's plat 89, Berkeley; $10. -
Lev! *J. Moran (single) to ,'- Charles .'.H.
i Matthews, lot on N line of Vlrzinla \u25a0 street,
30.90 W of Louisa, W 40 by N 100, portion of
lots 11 and 12, block B, Eureka Homestead.
Alameda: $10.
Irraa M. de Loge (single) to Julie R.- Nll-
L son. lot on SW line of Brlggs avenue, 1050 SE
I of Hlch street. SE 60, SW 203. NW 60. NE
203 to besrlnnlnsr, not 24, Briggs "\u25a0 Tract, \u25a0 Ala
meda; also lot on N, line of Encinal : avenue,
10.D0 E of High street, E 45:7 by; N 110, lot
22, Hlrschfeld Tract. Alameda; $10.
Same to Julia Rosalie Nllson, lot on SE line
of Mound street, 31:2 SW of- Jackson. SW
8!:2« by SE 100. lot 19, block 83, map of Ala
mfda drawn by Stratton. Alameda: $10.
Maxim Gorky, the "tramp author," is
said to have made $125,000 in the publish
ing business with four other Russian au
thors.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, OCTOBER 23; 1905.
CORINTHIAN TARS PLAY
ANNUAL BASEBALL GAME
San Frnncisco and California. Yacht
Clubs Enjoy j Lant Cruise of
Season. .
The annual baseball game between
two teams of members of the/Corin
thian Yacht Club • took place ajt Para
dise Cove yesterday/the "Fays," cap
tained by Stanley Fay, • beating the
"Keegans," captained by "Keegan"
Schober, 5 to 4 in a two- innings^, game.
The "Fays" were made up of Follans
bee, Tomlinson, H. Brickell. "Doc"
O'Connell, Fay, Stanton, "Doc" Louis
son, Finney and Morrell. The "Kee
gan"*«nine consisted of J. C Brickell,
Sager, Herlitz, Stanley, Marshall, Moo
ney. Hammersmith, Strauss and Scho
ber. Port Captain John H. Keefe,
armed with a big mallet, officiated as
umpire.
After^the game the players and spec
tators adjourned to the luncheon table.
The weather being squally and chilly,
an early start for home was made,
Tiburon Cove being reached about 3
o'clock. Among the yachts that made
Paradise . Cove on Saturday night or
yesterday morning were the flagship
Speedwell, the sloops Nixlfe, Genesta,
Mist, Kathleen, Edna, Emma, Discov
ery, Freda, Presto, Harpoon and Fleet
wing; the schooner Lady Ada.'- the
yawls Truant and Frolic. The port
captain and some Corinthians came up
to the rendezvous in the launch Favor
ite and the launch Louise brought a
party, among whom was Ferris,-Hart
man. The yawl Gypsle of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club also lay at anchor in
Paradise Cove.
On Saturday night the closing jinks
will be held in the clubhouse at Ti
buron and next Sunday the last cruise,
of the season will be taken.
The fleet of the San Francisco Yacht
Club followed the flagship Challengei
on the last cruise of the season in 'the
channel, yesterday. Afterward the
Challenger cruised In the upper bay.
The fleet of the California Yacht Club
cruised on Saturday night to Sheep
Island, where chowder and an informal
jinks were enjoyed. The fleet returned
to moorings In Oakland Creek yester
day.
DELAXEY IXDIGXAXT WHEX
KAUPJIAJfX IS- MISQUOTED
Veteran Manager Denies Story to the
a Effect that Vouneater Is n
Ulowhard.
The sporting public was doubtless
dumfounded yesterday morning in
reading a statement in a local paper
to the effect that Al Kaufmann stated
he could mow Hart down in two' rounds
and also figured on beating Jeffries.
The article proved to be the rankest
kind of a fake, as proven by a letter
from Billy Delaney, Kauf manh's man
ager.
Delaney has always made It a point
to restrain his charges from doing any
unnecessary talking, and those who
know him felt sure he would not allow
Kaufmann to start out as a blowhard
before he had a chance to display his
ability against a first-claSs man. Fol
lowing is a copy of Delaney's letter:
ALAMEDA. Oct. 22.
Sporting Editor Call— Dear Sir: A San
Francisco paper quoted Al Kaufmann as saying
among other things, that llarvln Hart would
be a pushover for him and that he would not
last as long as Jack Monroe lasted with Jef
fries; also quotes him as saying he is going to
try to get a match on with Jeffries. Those
that— know Kaufmann know that he would
never make such a talk as that. In fact, he
never claimed he could beat anybody, nor did
he or myself ever say he would be the next
champion. Ha would be a blowhard to speak
that way about Marvin Hart and a coward to
talk about fighting Jeffries at this stage of the
game. At present he has fight enough on his
hands without talking about beating Marvin
Hart or fighting Jim Jeffries, who, by the way,
could beat O'Brien, Kaufmann and Hart In
the same ring, and no one knows this better
than Al Kaufmann. Yours,
BILLY DELANEY.
STRICKLETT AND SCHMIDT
PITCH BIG LEAGUE BALL
Biff Crorrd of San Jose Fans See ' Home
Team Put Oakland' to
" Rout.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 22.— -With Elmer
Stricklett and "Smiling" Schmidt as the
opposing pitchers San Jose fan? were
treated to the greatest game of ball
that has been witnessed here this sea
son. But thee hits were made off of
each pitcher. The Brooklyn twirler
had a little the best of it, as he kept
his hits scattered and fanned seven
men, all at critical times. The score
was 2 to 1 and not a man reached sec
ond base until the seventh inning,
when Schmidt touched Stricklett for a
three bagger and came home* after, two
men were out on as daring a steal as
was ever made on a diamond. •
Oakland was mowed down in one
two-three order up to the eighth, when
Russell walked and Swain hit for three
bags. Schuttee followed with a single
and be scored on Kent's sacrifice. Hose
Arrelanes broke his j arm .in • the fifth
inning while sliding to third. Hal
Chase of the New Yorks watched the
bases and received a great ovation on
his appearance. The score:
R. H. E.
San Jose - 2. 8 2
Oakland ...13 1
Batteries — Stricklett and Kent; Schmidt and
Poultney. Umpires— Chase and Doyle.'
STOCKTON, Oct. 22. — Ferguson allowed the
San Francisco team but one . hit to-day and
shut them out. 9 to 0. Danny Shay covered
second base for the locals. Score:
> . - R. H. E.
Stockton 9 12 2
San Francisco •••• 0 16
Batteries^ — Ferguson and Sullivan; Bodle and
Radford. ; '\u25a0
FRESNO, Oct, 22.' — The- home team defeated
the eoldier baseball men rrom the Presidio to
day by a score of 2 to 0. The feature of tha
game vu the pitching of O'Brien of Fresno.
Missouri Great for Frogs.
The United States Fish Commission
has begun an investigation concerning
the best method to propagate frogs.
For years Inquiries from all parts of
the country have kept coming In for
Information on how to ral3e frogs for
market, and so it was decided to ap
point experts. to study frog propagation.
As soon as the experts can- obtain a
reasonable amount of material thescom
mission will issue a bulletin on^ow to
operate a frog farm.
The principal, market for frog legs In
this country is found in New York City,
where in Fulton Market alone, from
75,000 to 100,000 pounds of frogs' legs
are sold annually. The information al
ready obtained, by the experts shows
Missouri to be the greatest : frog pro
ducer in the United States. ; The ex
perts will confine their ; labors , mainly
to the swamp lands of Arkansas and
Missouri, which are reported -to be the'
finest frog growing areas on the con
tinent. . :
Anglers for black bass, pickerel,
perch and muskellunge are also great
ly interested In* Uncle Sam's new work
owing to I frogs having . been found to be \u25a0
the best bait for . catching the Vfish
named. Recently, a large i Industry :ha3
sprung up in Green Meadow for frogs
for bait and they are now lbeing large
ly. Imported from country districts Into
towns and cities at 5 cents a piece.—
Chicago"* lnter Ocean. . / "
Irish Vocal Culture.
. Danny McCaffrey •- Is rj a well-known
chorus man, with a telling tenor, voice. He
has been with the \u25a0 Bostonians and many
other; companies " of ; the comic opera -.va
riety.- 'At* a recent .-rehearsal Danny's
voice was swinging the? chorus into line
and carrying the '• music along ,in a Vway
quite pleading, to the stage manager. Some
of th.: principal performers were sitting
together when Albert Parr, the tenor,;
asked:-. : '\u0084 ":\ '"'. V, .'.'. '". ; ~.-'S. ;'_..; •'\u25a0;-'. c.;
; "Danny, have you studied : music
much?"
;\u25a0\u25a0 "Sorr.e." : j§fmtifwwß&&mm&'i \u25a0\u25a0 - '\u25a0 .v ''\u25a0•:- :
"What method do you use?" continued
Parr.\- .; \u25a0 . : : : -\ :. '' : ' .- ".."'". .', . ;\u25a0 ... .;/ .
' "Irish method— main strength, was the
answer.— ix ew York Press. '
"PHILADELPHIA JACK" O'BIUEX
WORKS BEFORE FULL HOUSE
ishiity Boxer Gives an Exhibition That
Astonishes All the Fight
;\u25a0 ' Fans. : ,, :.
With y the Kaufmann-O'Brien- fight
only four, days away, local- fight 'enthu
siasts are disucs'sing the bout in 'real
earnest. The importance of the contest
lies in the fact that the winner may be
the champion heavyweight' of the world
wittttn a short time and whether it will
ba "one round Al" "'\u25a0\u25a0.; or "Philadelphia
Jack" ; is'f'the question agitating- the
aportln'r public at this time,
* "Philadelphia" Jack played to a
crowded house at his ocean beach
training- " quarters yesterday and those
who were lucky enough to get into the
little gymnasium saw the shifty East
erner at his best. He punched the bag
and went through a course of work on
the pulling machine that brought a
round of applause from the big crowd.
After this a whirl at the heavy swing
ing-bag was done and. he hit with his
hands, elbows and shoulders, excellent
exercise for a fellow preparing -for a
hard battle. O'Brien then went through
about ten minutes at shadow sparring
and he gave an exhibition of foot work
at this exercise that has never before
been seen in this neighborhood. .This
was followed by three rounds of box
ing with Joe Gorman. \u25a0
Kauf mann did no work at his Alameda
training place and those who went over
to see the big local boy were disap
pointed, although Billy Delaney took
pains to announce that he would lay
off Sunday. All went to church in the
morning, a rarething for a fighter to
do, and the rest of the day was put in
at home with his family. \u25a0
MANY OLYMPIANS ENJOY
A CHOSS COUNTRY RUN
Member* of the Winsed O 'Tramp
Over the Hills to El
Campo. "
Seventy members of the Olympic Club
participated in the monthly cross coun
try run yesterday, starting from their
boathouse at Belvedere at 9 o'clock a.
m. Headed by their captain, Max L.
Rosenfeld, they set off at a merry clip,
through Tiburon and over % the Bay
Shore road beyond El Campo. The run
soon developed into a long distance
race, and the athletes wearing the
winged O were soon stringing out in
single file along the hilly road. At El
Campo a halt was called to give the
stragglers a chance" to catch up and the
return route over the hills soon showed
that the club was developing among the
younger members a fine set of long
distance runners.
'Returning to their boathouse the
athletes donned their bathing suits and
indulged in a swim in the. bay. A splen
did luncheon was served at the Hotel
Belvedere, where mine host Allen
spread himself to give the athletes a
good time. After luncheon speeches
were made, good stories told and popu
lar songs taken up by the boys and all
started back for the city feeling that
they had passed a splendid day and en
joyed an invigorating outing.
In the evening the leading members
of the outdoor set were entertained at
dinner by Al Coney, an enthusiastic
member of the club and founder of the
branch known as the Dipsea Indians.
TENTH STRAIGHT VICTORY
FOR MODEL YACHT STELLA
Peterson's Fnst Little Craft Outclasses
' Everything In Pennant Races on
S^reckels Lake.
It was the same old story at Spreck
els Lake, Golden Gate Park, yesterday.
Louis Petersen's Stella, as usual, beat
the other model yachts in the regular
pennant races. This makes the Stel
la's tenth victory and gives her a lead
of three over her nearest competitor,
the Imp. In the finals the Stella beat
Li/Scone's Presto -by a narrow margin.
The races resulted as follows:
Petersen's Stella beat Donovan's Witch;
Brennan'B Alice beat Roeckner'a Independence;
Stone' b Presto beat Doyle's Prlecilla; M. Low
don's Cricket a bye.
Semi-finals— Stella beat Alice; Presto beat
Cricket.
Finals — Stella beat Presto.
SURGEONS MAKING USE
OF THE BLUE ' LIGHT
Doctors of Geneva Pronounce It Valu
able na an Anesthetic. '\u25a0'•"{
A rather new use of blue light has been
reported from Geneva— namely, its use as
an anesthetic in dentistry. In the course
of some. experiments to ascertain the ef
fects of light of different colors upon the
nerves professors Redard and: "Emery
found that blue light was very soothing.
The somewhat remarkable . statement is
made that a sixteen-candle-power blue
light, directed upon the eyes of a patient
for three minutes, caused him to lose sen
sitiveness to such an extent that a' tooth
was painlessly extracted, without after
effects of any kind. "Whether the anes
tesia was general or only local is not re
ported.
It is probable that had General Pleas
anton been a true scientist and a skillful
experimentalist he might have made some
discoveries of value to the world, for, as
Dr. Finsen himself has said, "The general
was on the right track." In 1877 Pleas
anton published a book with the following
explanatory title, "The j Influence of the
Blue Ray of the Sunlight and of the Blue
Color of the Sky in Developing Animal
and Vegetable Life, in Arresting Disease
and in Restoring Health in' Acute and
Chronic Disorders to Human and Domes
tic Animals, as Illustrated" by th« Experi
ments of General A. J. Pleasanton and
Others, Between the Years 1861 and 1876."
The book is printed on blue paper and
abounds in fallacious and dogmatic state
ments. One of his dicta is, "Light is the
great source of terrestrial electricity,
magnetism and heat "> Quit© a large por
tion of the book is devoted to testimonials
from physicians and various others * re
lating to the efficacy of the blue-ray
treatment , in cases of general ill | health,
rheumatism, etc. Pleasanton— believed
that the results claimed by him were due
to I the "Juxtaposition of | plain uncolored
glass and blue ; glass in 'the passage of
sunlight and the -transmitted blue light of
the firmament ; and the ' eliminated ] blue
rays of the * sunlight through 1 them ' re
spectively, which devolves an, electro-mag
netic current, which imparts to, vegetable
or animal life- subjected to it (an extra
ordinary impulse to , the "development of
their respective vigor and- growtn."" He
obtained a patent : for j his ' so-called dis
covery and; for the method of its applica
tion.—Chicago Chronicle.
Faith is turning the 'face toward tfod.
WW% CALIFORNIA
pH LIMITED
KjSv; Bffi v^sfl Chicago" in Three Days,
fflanpjiiiMßi witl* Diners and Sleepers.
Santa Fe Trains
7:30 A. M. V For Stockton, - Merced. . Fresno,
8:00 P.; M. f Hanford, Wisalla, ;. Bakersfield
j \u25a0.•- and ' Intermediate points. - <
9:30 A. M.— California Limited,", three days to
. . . Chicago, Mondays .. and '"nnirs-
day a.'".' Direct . connection 'to
' \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0*. '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 Grand Canvoa. ..* : ~"-. v ,r .-
"9:30 A. M-— Valley -Limited; for
\u25a0\ \u25a0 \u25a0 . .' '. Merced, Fresno,'. Hanford/ .Visa-
- . lla and Bakersfield and points
', *on the Sierra Railway. \
.4:00 P. M.-rFor Stockton and- Intermediate
\u25a0•.'-."•,!.'••\u25a0 '":'- ; - points. •.-•'\u25a0.;..--.- "'-,'\u25a0• ' -\u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0:-/.- -- \u25a0•
8:00 P. . M.— Overland -Express,' ; for ' Chicago.
: ;\u25a0 Kansas City,' Denver and Grand
: - \u25a0":\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0•' \u25a0 : -'- ;.',- Canyon;- .- - ,'. , : \u25a0\u25a0<:<:'\u25a0'\u25a0'._ : \u25a0;\u25a0 •-.
Ticket Of flce»— 6l3 Market »tr«et . and i Ferry
-Depot; San ' Francisco :" also • 1112 * Broadway, j
, Oakland. ' Cal. ; > also 27 South : rir»t " street,
• San > Jose. . ... \u25a0- -, . .-:-., \u25a0_.- \u25a0\u25a0 .- \u25a0\u25a0 ;,• -\u0084 j
31ISCELLANEOUS.
Honduras Rational Go.
Single Number, Class «X,' r Dra wn. Sat-
urday, October 14, 1005.
No. Amdunt.lNo. Amount.|No. Amount.
8..... $601 235..... $241 243 $24
298. .24 410..... 241 629 60
698..... 301 722..... .24) 800 36
1033..... 241 1035..... -36 1045 86
12T.9.....r ;24i 1350 60 1354..... 2*
1434..... 36| 1459..... 24 1686.../. 24
1«60..... . 12l> 1872..... 36 1737..... «>6
1765..... 24 1821..... 36 1557..... 60
1874..... 30 2113 24 2164..... 'CO
2166...... 30 2525..... S8 2360 .24
2528..... 24 2578 36 2668..... 60
2744.:..". tjQ 2843...... 24 3165 «0
3216..... 120 3270 36 3623. 24
'3688..... 36| 3091..... 24 3783..... «>
3787..... 6013823 24 3830 24
4004..... Go| 4007 3t5 "
4098..:.. 180 4163..... 36 4170 i 24
4238..... 24 4718..... , 120 4505.....\ 86
4810..... ,24 4878 . 60 4027. 120
5061..... 36 5095..... 24 5135 36
5434.:... 180 5705..... "CO 5847 60
.5899..:.. 36 5900..... 36 591J 24
5036 36 5966....'. 24 6077..... 120'
6243...... 24 6246 24 6263 24
6286. 24 6660..... 36 6816..... 24
6875..... 24 6587 24 6034 SO
24 7121 24 7131 3«.
7253 86 7307..... 36 7358..... 24
73C1 180 7446..... 36 7663 120
7778..... 120 7973 24 7975..... 36
-8200.....'. 24 8570 24 8602..... 36
8757..... 24 8764 24 8778..... 74
8815.. ... 24 8865..... B0 8954..... 36
9167..... 24 9233 180 8508..... 38
9643..... 36 9649 ' 24 9784 • CO
9912 30 9999.. ... 120 10093. . ... 24
10128 24 10373..;.. 24 10385..... 120
\u25a010405 . . 120 10626...,. 24 10763 ' 24
10766..... 60|10925..... 120 10956..... 2i
11046..... 24111053..... 36 11134 120
11301..... 24|11363 60 11373..... 86
11503 86 11523 6011581 86
11002..... 2412044..... 3C 12164 24
12271..... 3612420..... 24124C4..... 36
12467 24 12593 24 12723 21
12736 3612843..... 3612051 24
12976.:... G013002..... 24 13191 "24
13233..... 120 132C8 36 13283..... 36
13476..... 60113603 24 13659..... 24
13725..'... 36113752....". 24 13787 60
13882.....'' 24113924..... 60 14030..... 60
14131 24 14205 24 14257..... 24
14287 3G14393..... 60 14732 86
14839 24|1485tt 36 14874 24
14902..... 60115037..... 24 15051 36
15065..... 36 15392..... 24 15481 60
15401..... 24 15707 120 15857 60
15959 -60 15970 3C 16045 60
1605)2..... -36 16326..... 36 16309..... 24
16405..... 60 1C432 24 16482 3a
16616. 24 16C99..... 60|16732 120
16861..... 24 16934 120 17104 24
17111 12017121 3617537 24
17150 24 17153..... . 24 17273 36
17347 60 17356 .36 17366..... .24
17405....; 24 17456 60)17848..... 180
17874 12017901 36 18128 24
18170 24 18242 6018360..... 24
18581 '6018602 60 18708 24
18768...... 36 18872..... 86 18903 600
15912..... 6018954..... 36 19078 24
17201..... 24 19214....^ 600 19245 24.
19250..... 36 19255 36 19265 60
19434 24 19493 60 19560 24
19617..... 24 19744 24 19983..... 24
20077 36|20187 24 20239 "86
20278..... 3620334..... 60 20405 88
20418 24 20563..... 24 2C633..... 60
20726..... 12020937..... . 60 20941 36
21007 24 21018 24 21104 36
21221 60 21245..... 60 21255 24
21262..... 24 21306 24 21376 38
21621 24 21553 24 22030 24
22111 24 22319..... . 24 22363 24
22390. 24 22747?.... 36 22904..... 36
22960 24 22951...;. 36 23017 2*
23005..... 6023324 36 23332 24
23365 24123500 60 23598. 86
23633 24 23700 86 23747 24
23916 • 60 23907 24 24079 60
24112....: '6024190 24 24222 60
24223 15024335 24 24401 24
24409..... 120 24486. 36 24672 86
24712. 6024731 120 24854 60
28057 24 25125 24 25158 120
25225 ... 24 25229 60 25246 60
25351... .. 24 25611. 24 25634 60
25684 180 25931 -24 26142 24
26184 24 26223.. 24 28431 .24
20475. C 026574 36 26729 • 24
26863..... 6026898 60 27053 24
27034 24 27081 24 27240...'.. 24
27309..... 36 27426..... 60 27448 120
27468..... 24 27706..... 24 27724 24
27735...;. 120 27888...". . 24 27896 120
28296..... 24 28340 24 28355 2*
28506 24 2862S 24 28678 36
28509..... 60 25935 3« 29082..... 24
29100 2425)191 60 29305 120
29537 24 2V)539 / 24 20550. .... 60
25*592 120 29651 6029723:.... 24
29801..... 00 29851 24 30015 180
30077..... 180 30102 J2O 30227 36
30311..... 24 30347 24 30404..... 36
50428 36 30ti56 120 30706 60
30976..... 2431048 3630246..... 86
31354 36 31453..... 24 31557..... 86
31620 120 31681 24 31C82 24
31816 3631883..... 24 31945..... 120
31991..... 3632073 . 36 32104 24
32108..... '36 32122..... 36 32133 180
32309 24 32434 36 32466 120
32517 24 32564. . 120 32615 24
32654 3632669 24 32086 36
33081..... 2483182 '. -2433251 24
33582 -.24 33303 24 33718 3000
33774 2433505 3G33850..... 24
33590 2433905..... 24 33983 60
84254. 24 34345 36 34457 24.
34487 ' 24 34524 24 34556 24
54613 24 34630 36134691 24
34743..... 24 34774 60154817 24
34912 2434936 120 34950 24
35076..... 24 35236 24 33498 60
35542 24 35583. .... 3635712 24
35513..... 150035944 24 35966 60
36150..... 2436229..... 24 36371 24
36407 6036462 36 36588 36
36680 24 36728 60 36748..... 6O
36804..... 3637122 120 37125..... 24
37328 3f1|37341 45,000 37371 . .\ .. &>
37589 24137653 . St 37779 120
37830..... 24137907..... 24|37J>t9..... 24
380C8 36138099 . 24 38166 24
38346..... 3638393..... 36 38463 24
38464 .24 38537 60 38572 24
38K53 1300135«52 120 38804 36
38R06..... 60 35816..\.. 24 39116
39129...'.. 24139291..... 60139321. 60
89476 3630634..... 56"39657 86
39670..... 243JH594 36139722 24
39781..... 6039814 24 30989..... 24
40064 3640105..... 3640242..... 120
40255..... 36 40366 24 40436 24
4C651..... 24 40753 60 40852..... 24
40870..... 36 41010..... 24 41314 86
41453 - 24 41478 36 41490..... 60
41529..... 24 41698 24 41723 60
41907 2441952..... 86 42005 24
42040..... "\u25a0*\u25a0' 6042062.,... 5642336..... 24
42393..... 2442412 6042463..... 60
42001..... 2442622..... 3642866..... 60
42871 ... 36 42926 24 43037 36
43105 3643179..... 24 43271..... 180
43367 24 43370..... 6043387..... 36
43473 24 43707 . S6 43723 36
43746 2443956 . 24 43973 _,S<J
44170.... . 86 442C2 24 41274 24
44430 24 44463..... 120 44474..... 24
44656..... 24 44609 36 44739 24
44776...... 3644971..... 24 45186..... 24
45247 2445261..... 24 45387..... 60
45303 2445379..... 6045325..... 86
45591 36 45719..... 36 45935..... 24
45D50..... 24 45957..... 36 45974 24
45988..... 12046036..... 24 46100 24
46223..... 24 46304..... 60 46470./... 24
46639..... \24 46678. .... 36 46722 180
46724 36 46737..... 24 46820 24
46858..... 6046884 24 46934 120
47227..... 60 47247.....' 24 47249..... 24
47397..... 2447404..... 3647502..... 36
47668..... 3647719 36 47793.:... 24
47913 2447923..... 60 47931 - 24
48314..... 60 48329..... 36 48404. '24
48630 ..... 36 48745. . . . . 24 48788 ..... 24
48835 24 48856 . 24 48557. .... 24
48946..... 60 48953..... 86 48980..... 180
49064. .... " 24149146 24 49157. .... 120
49242..... 60 49439...;. 24 49467..... 24
40601....". 24 40697..... 24 49750..... 60
49755..... 2449796..... 24 49859 24
49915..... 24 49943..... 24 40974 86
50110..... 24 50137 IRO 50150 40
50206...:. 36|5028»..... 600 50310. t4
50314. .... \u25a0 36150846. .... 24 50376. .... 120
50404;T... 24 50424... .. 24 50439..... 40
50802..... "60 51004..... 120 51006..... 36
51116..... 60 51339..... 24 51523..... 24
51701..... 36 51712..... 24 51729 36
51762...'.. -6051824 120 51997;.... 60
52040..... 6052154 6052277..... 24
62361. . . .. '* • 24 52380. ;.. .24 52441 24
52603. .. . . . 120 52629. ... .24 52653. .... 84
82769..... : 24 52791..... 24 52871 .... V 24
63051..... 24 53126..... 24 53210 24
63243;.... 120 53549..... 36 53638. .... 180
63056..... :, 24 63850.. -*. 60 53868..... 86
53881. . . . .- 60 53921.;?''. . 60 54019. .... 120
64080..... -24 54084..... 120 54117..... 180
54161..... 24 54364..... 120 54436..... 60
54519..:.. 36 54744;.... 24 54784...".. 38
54794..... 24 54927..... 60155293 -24
63504. .... 60 55588. . . .. 60155701..*... 24
65708..... '*3B 55822.'. 120155932. .... 38
65935.:... '24 55098..... 36|56035...... 120
66127..... 120 56227..... 36 56267..... 24
56300..... 6056371..... 24 36420. .... • 24
C 6590..... 2456700..... 60 56939..... .24
67015.:... ; 24157080..... 60 57085..... 88
57093. .... 36 57356.. ... 24 57459: . . .'. - 24
57506..... 24 57549..... 120 57562. .... 120
67679.'. .... 24 57695..... 24 57810..... -24
57948..... 86 58058.. 120 68155. . . . . 120
58194. .". . . : 120 5R190. . . . . 86 58227 24
58240..... 60 58523..... 36 58560 24
58583..... *"• 24158587..... 24 58604..... 24
68645..... 6058700..... 24158749..... 36
68063..... 36 59053..... 24159291..... 36
59424..... 36 50536..... 36 59613..... 24
59685... .."i 24 59697..... '24 59713..... 36
69970..... -. 24 60007..... 24 60103..... 36
60259: : .-;-. '60 60368. . . ..- - ;24 60520. .. . . 120'
60626..... 86 60656..... 36 60767.....' 24
60816./...- \u25a0- '24 60820..... 36 60919..... 60
61036:.... 86 61204... .. 5661253.. . .. 60
61474. "/.-. . , 80161494. . . . . 24 61570.. . . . 60
61669... ..24 61796.". ... 2461837..... 24
62039....'. 24 62066..... 24 C 2265....: 36
62269. . ... - ,24, 24 62346.". ... 24162353. . ... 24
62400. ....24 62521.. ... -36162538. .... ''.' 36
621187/. . . . ' 24f 62793. . . . . \u25a0 36!<i2912/. ..." 36
63068 . . . . . 38 1 63135 .'. .V . 60! 63237 . '."* ./ " ;^0
63263..... 60163290..... 24 63584. ..:.>}
63627. .. ... 36163725. . .... 24 63844. . . . ; ' 36
63849..... < :r 60163952. .•.-..• 36 63988..... 120
64029..... x 24164090..... 86164147..;.. '60
64229.;... "' 5 e0!64297..... '88 64388...... .
1 64569..... * 24164617..... 88 ,
'IT'S- "'\u2666 ,"-\u25a0*'\u25a0 V. "*\u25a0 \u25a0'U '\u25a0 ':-\u25a0'-,- -
MISCELIjAJfEO .??I - -
No. Amount. INo. Amount. No. Amount.
04891 1t>0'C4514..... 60 64930 I*O
66115..... 120165140. 120 65104..... 2]
662 M 24 65272..... 24 65.K>S. -*
6M75..... 6065504..... ,6065606 «>
65C05..... 6065747..... 3665570...:. ~*
65014. 24M924 36 »56056. . . . • €0
66280. " 60156438. ..-..•• ISO 66472 3ft
66«02 36'C6G40 •24186723 120
66866..... 36 66877 60;e72(55 24
67274 3667302..... 24 67385 «>
67499..... 24 67537 24167656. . . . . 24
67783... ..... 24 67787 60|67595. .t.. 60
67930..... 24 67936 24168110..... -24
68133..... 24 65144. 24i6tC{34 b0
65385..... 24 65454 . 24165551..... 36
68587 36 68948 60iP5985..... 120
69170..... 60169224 24 60260 *>*>
e«304..... 361693CS 86 69560 24
69711 ,60160930 24 69042 60
60935..... 6069963. 24170000 . 2+
70121 6070346..... 24170385 24
70526 . 36 7C541 60 70659 24
70761..... 120 70872 600 71102..... 36
71185 S6-71198 24 71210 24
71226 36 71443..... '120 71465 38
71611 36 71619 36 71635 24
71695 24 71S4S 2471935..:.. 24
72008 24 72147 1207224S 24
72271 3672376 '24172391 120
72436 60 72601 24172719 60
72941 • 3673073 60173112..... 36
73122 60 73134..... S6 73162..... 24
731SS . 180 73233 86 73310.. .*. 36
73357..... 3673482 24 73693 24
73707 ' * 24 73516....... 24 7390S 24
74049 12074096 60 74264 60
74367..... 86174406 2474456..... 2*
74486 24)74574 56174553. 24
74034..... - 36 75285.. 60(73440 60
73491..... 24'75«540 36 75560 60
7.1614 3875755 . 36 75771 120
78831 180 76152... Jt, 24 76215 24
76356 24 76400 60 76609 24
70622..... 36 76630 24 76831 24
70656 120 76590 36 771 S3 ISO
77211..... 2477278 120 77294..... 120
77387 24 77523 36 77561 36
77851:..... 6077355 24 75075. .... 24
78122 24 78165 24 78178...^. 36
75224 24 78245 36 75411 120
73439 36175649 24 75684 24
78798 24)78851 24 75944 36
78994 24 79029 24 79143 60
79159..... 2479234 . 24 79399 120
79401..... 36 79451 60 70503 24
79535 2479653 120 79704 24
79878..... 24 50207 24180221 120
80263 36 80323 60180361 120
50517..... 2450544 36150G54 36
80641..... 2vSOC6I 36150958 60
81030 18051C96.'.... 36:81115 36
81400 24 81431 36151653 36
81721 2481887 " 36151964 120
81955..... - i-i 82062 24 82181..... 36
822G9 8682329 , 24 S23OS 86
82459..... 24 82664..... ' 24 827»2 60
82916 6083009 S6 83093 24
83253 CO 83451 120!S3308. 120
83579 88
83634 24183778 2153533..... 120
83864..... 24J53933 24 53972 36
84027..... 2454117 120!84137..... «0
84275 120 84415 60!5461? tt>
R4728 36154776 36J54572 36
84944 2418494S 180 83158 24
85208 3655213 12C183340 60
85737..... 36 85538 24 55856 24
85879 24 86071..... 24 SSI SB 120
86250 .- 24 86407 24 S6SSB 24
86725..... 24186776 12018C507 120
86885 86i86932 60J57035 24
87141..... 36 87155 60i87158 60
87165 24 87168 24|87219 24
87320 60 87567 €0 87632 24
87797 86 87004 36|58014..... 24
88198 24 88236 36i85417.. - ... 24
88482..... 24 88517 . 56J58554 24
85613 86188686 86 SSB6S 24
88800 120:88910 60 59016 24
89033 24|89240 24 89287 €0
89360 245994.53 24 89505 24
80372 86189662 120 89795..... 36
89812..... 24)90056 R6i90137 »6
00229 24^90235 24J90256 €0
90300 120 90577 56J90495 S«
90513 24 90541 6090605 24
00846 3690035 24 91058 60
91159 24|91322 24191326 36
01511...... 36191558 24 91599 36
91633..... 36191670 60 91SS9 36
91989 36192087 120 9214S 36
92271 120192312 24 02368 24
92400 60192538 . 36 92546 36
82728 60:&2872.'.... .16192944 120
93142 36193253 36193289 S6
93298 36103337 120 03517 60
93554..... 36193728 60 93734 36
93754 180193818 36|93593 36
93047 24194385 24!9449S 60
04518 38J94551 24194543 24
04848 60194910 60104942 . 36
94954 36195083 36195089..... 36
95133..... 36i»5515 36J95540...... 36
95573 —120 95607 36!95745 24
95757..... 241.95778 . 24 95504 24
95824 36195917 24 96046 60
96138..... 120196426 36 90629 120
96683 120196658 . 60 96509 24
06856 180 96868 24 96853 60
P6902 24 96066 24 96997 60
07111 36197112 24;97156 60
97159 C 0107172 24197232 60
07447 6097799. 24197941 24
97953 24 97973 60197996 24
98016 8098204 24198385 36
OS4O© 24198577..... 24 98505 24
05659 e000!08665 34 93781:.... 86
08911 24109041..... 36 99081 60
99213 24199523..... t 60 90334 36
90630 ~ 24199759 24 99801 36
90814..... 120J99570 600 -
APPROXIMATIONS.
100 numbers from 87291 to 37391 Inclusive,
being SO numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital of $45,000—160.
100 numbers from 81914 to 82014 Inclusive,
being: 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing- the capital of $12,000 — (36.
. 100 numbers from 98609 to 98709 Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital of $6000— 524.
TERMINALS.
999 numbers ending with 41, being th« two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
of ?45,000— f 12.
999 numbers ending with 64, being the two
last figures of the number drawing th« capital
of $12,000— f12.
The subscriber, having supervised the single
number class "R," Honduras National Com-
pany, hereby certifies that the above are the
numbers which were this day drawn from the
100.000 placed in the wheel, with the premiums
corresponding to them.
Witness my hand, this Saturday, October
14. 1903. _
(Signed) W. Li. CABEUU Commissioner.
\u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0
' Signora Couslno of South America is
said -to be the richest woman in the
world., Her silver, copper and coal
mines yield her $185,000 a month. -Re-
ceipts from her stock farm are more
than those from the mines, and she
owns a large interest in a fleet of
steamships.
-* RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA MRTHWESTEKN BY. CO.
Tiboron Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO lAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00 s- m.; 12:55. 8:30,
6:10, 6:30 v. m.
6UND ATS— B:OO, »:80 a. m,; 12:33, S:SO. 8:10.
6:80 d. m. .
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:OS. 7:36, 7:60. 9:20, a. m.;
12:60. 3:40. 6:00. 5:20 p. m.
SUNDATS— 6:O6.B:OO,B:I6, 9:40 a m.; 8:40,
4:50. 5:00. 5:20, 6:30 p. el
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Baa Fran. | Oct. 8, 1006. | Saa Fran.
Week I Sun- J Destlnsr- I Sun- { Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a ~~- j 9:10 al 8:40 a
0:00 a 9:30 a Xsnade. 10:40 a|10:20 a
8:80 p 8:30 p 6:00 p. 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 7:30 pl
0:00 al 9:80 al - Napa. I 9:10 a! 8:40 p
6:10 p| 5:10 p| ( 6:20 p| 6:20 p
7:80 a 1 19:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:4O a 10-:25 a
8:30 p 0:80 a Petaluma 6:03 p 6:20 n
8:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
6:10 p Santa Rosa. /
T:80a . \u25a0 I ~~~ 10:40 a 10:23 a
- 8:00 a| Fulton 7:30 p 6:20 d
8:80 p 8:80 p "
t \u25a0 . . . . Windsor
T:80a 8:00 a Healdsburc 10:40 a 10:25 a
\u25a0\u25a0-•r--~-.. - Lytton .
8:80 p 8-8) p Geyservills 7:30 p 8:20 p
:" . Cloverdals ..- | \u25a0
7:30 a) 8:00 al ' HoDland 110:40 a|10:23 a
8:30 p| B:3o p| and Ukiah | 7:Sop| ff:2op
I I -WHUts and I I
7:80 a| 8:00 a| 1 Sherwood . | 7:30 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a) ' ".\u25a0 110:40 a|10:23 a
8:80 p| 8>:80p|8 > :80p| Gnsrnavllls | 7:30 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 a! 8:40 a
5:10 p| 6:10 p| Plan EUsa I 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a{ 8:00 a 10:«0al0:23a
3:30- 3:30 p Bebastopol 7:30 p 6:20 p
5:10 pi 5:10 p V
STAGES connect at Grean Bras ; for \u25a0 Saa
Quentin; at Sdhta Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs:* at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon-
vllle and' Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Keiseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, ; Lakeoort, \u25a0 BarUett
Springs and Lake -County Hot .Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. -- Saratoga Springs,"
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake,- Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's,'
Uerly's. " Hullville. Git's Hot Springs. Half-
way \u25a0 House, Comptche. Hopkins, Mendocino
City. Fort "-Jragg.Westport and Usal; at Wil-
lits for Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for
Po I Bragg, Cahto, ' Covelo. Laytonville. Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris, Hubbard, Fruit-
latid. Dyer, Garberville, Camp 6. - Pepperwood.
Scotia =.nd j :ureka. _a
•2 Saturday and i Monday round-trip . tickets . at
reduced rates, v- -,: - . \u25a0 * \u25a0 *
- On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond" San; Rafael at half rates.. .
Ticket office, 650 Market st. Chronicle bulld-
lD JAS. AGLER. R. X. RTAN.
- O«n. : Manager. G«a. YmaM. Act.
AUCTION SALES,
70-HEAD-70
AT AUCTION
Some heavy wagon horses, matched teams
of drivers. SO head unbroken colts. '
Sale takes place
TUESDAY, OCT. 24, IP.M., •
AT WESTEBX HORSE MARKET.
220 Valencia Street.
E. STEWART & CO.
SPECIAL
SALE
WEDXESDAY. OCTOBER 25. at 11 a. m.
Arcade Horse Market. 3Z7 >i.vth Street.
I wyi sell 17 heavy horses condemned by on* •
of the largest teaming 1 concerns of this city;
their name not given for reasons of their own;
also 25 other good general purpose horsea. four
business buggies, one surrey, one phaeton. -on»
cart and harness for the same four seta of
heavy team ba,ag». Auctloneer .
£^ \u25a0 SS§
AT AUCTION. NEXT TUESr>AT. Oct. 24.
I win sel!3o good, cheap horse* and mares,
also wagons, surreys, buggies, carts and har-
ness, at 1140 Folsom St.. 11 a. m.
WM. CLOTTGH. Auctioneer.
- rai jiyv^xjy^^^s^ ,- ,- . •
-jpr r>. Train* lem^e and are dot
y^JTH^v to arrive at -«£**
/S/^^^\ SAX FKAXCISCO. r
(Foot of Market Street)
LKATIt- MAIN LtNE. — AMITB
7.ooa Elmlra. Vftcavme.Wlater»,Kumßey 7.48P *
7.00 a Klchmond. Benicta, Sacramento, •
Sulsun aad "Way Station* 7^3(»
7w4oAV«lleJo. Nap«». Callstoga. Santa
Kosa, Martinez. Saa Ramon ..... 6-08*
7.4oa "Mies, Pleasantou. Llvermore.
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 7.28*
B.ooa Shasta Express — (Via DaTls),
Williams. Willows. tFruto, Red
BInXC. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle. 7.48^
B.OOA Da*l». Woodland, Knights Landtng.
*Marj»Tllle. OroTllle 7^Bi»
8.20 a Martinez. Antioch, Byroa».Tracr.
Stockton. Newmu, Los Banos,
Mendota, Armona. Hanford, \u25a0 iv,
Vlsalla, PorterTllla < 443P
B.2oAPort Co*ta, Latarop. Merced. Mo- ' Trr.
desto, Freino. Hanford. Vlsalla,
Bakersfleld 4.45*
840AKHes, San Jose. LlTermore, Stoct-
toa (tMllton). Valley Sprlne.
lone. Sacramento, Placervtlle,
CoUax. ilarysville. Red 81uff.... 4.08P
B.4oa Oakdale, Chinese. Jamestown.
Sonora, Tuolmnne and Angels... 4.08*
9.00 a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 4-23f»
9.4oa ßichmond. Port Costa. Marttnea
and Way Stations (tConcord) .... 6.43*
10.20 a Vallejo, Dally. Napa. Sunday only 7.48*
10.20 A Los Angeleß Pass oncer— Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
Raymond, Fresno, Goshen Juno
tlon. Hanford. Lemoore, Vlsalla.
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles . ....... 7.C3*
10.20A El Paso, Kansas City, Sc Louis and
Chicago 7.08*
ILOOAThe Overland Limited— Omaha,
Chicago, Denver. Kansas City... 6.43*
11.40aN1Ip», San Jose aad Way Stations. 2.43*
fl.OOpSacramento River Steamers til.OO*
3-20PPvt Costa, Martlnez.Byron,TracY,
Modetto. Merced, Fresno 12.08*^
3.2oPYosemite and Marlpo»a Big Trees, « UB
Monday. Wednesday and Friday 8 43a
3.40P Benlcla. YClnters. Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Marysrllle and Orovllle 10.43 a
3-40pHayward, Nlles, and Way Stations 7.43*
4-OOPValteJo, Martinez. San Ramon,
Xapa. Callstoga. Santa Rota 9.28 a
4.0 0 p Kllea. Tracy. 8 cock ton. Lodl. 1 0-28 A
4.4oPHayward. Nlles. Irvlngton. Saa \ t8.48A
Jose, LlTermore > til. 43a
6.oopThe Owl Limited— Newman. Lo«
Banos, Mendota, Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Los Angeles,, 8.43 a
6-OOPChtcago and St. Louis Special— El
Paso, Kansas City. St. Louis and
Cnicago 8.48 a
TD.2uPHsTward, "K lies and San Jose 7.08 a
s.2oP Vallejo. Port Costa, Benicla, Sul-
snn, Sacramento 11.28 a
6>oop Eastern Express— Omaha, Chicago,
Denver, Kansas City. St. Louts, . .
Martinez. Stockton, Sacramento,
Reno, Sparks, Montello. Ogden .. 12.48*
8-20p Hay-ward, Nilesand San Jose 9.48 a
7.ooPKeno Passenger— Port Costa. Be-
ntcla, Salsnn. Elmlra. Dlxon.
DaTls.Sacramento. Sparks, Tono-
pab. Goldfleld and Keeler 7418 a
7-00P Vallejo, Crockett and Way Sta-
tions, Sunday only 11.23 a
8.20P Oregon & California Express— Sac-
; -:-••. ramento. MarysTtlle. Redding,
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8 43a
9-OOpßayward, Kllea and San Jose (Sun-
I day only) „ t11.43A ,
COAST LINE (»«row tiaage).
* (Foot of Market Street.)
B.lSANewark. Ceutervllle. San Jose.
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and War Stations 5-55*
t2.lsPKewark. Centervllle, San Jose.
New Almaden. Los Gatos. Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations t10.55a
4.1 Sp Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos .... | * j^'fj J
,9uCspHnnter9 Tram — (Saturday only)
San Jose and Way Stations *7J9*
COAST LINE <Uroad «aa^e;.
tar (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10 a San Joee and Way Stations 8.30P A.
- 7.00 a San Jose and Way Stations 6.43.*
8-OOAKew Almaden (Tues., Frl.. only).. 4.10*
8-00AThe Coaster— San Jose, Salinas.
Baa Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa *
.Margarita, San Luis Oblspo.
Guadalupe. Gavtota. Santa Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura. Oxnard,
Burbank, Los Angeles ........... 10-33*
B.ooAOllroy, Holllster, Pajaro. Castro-
Ttlle, Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Snrf, Lompoc 10.30*
SCOASan Jose, Tres Pino*. Watsonvllle.
Capitola, Santa Cruz, Paclflo
Grove, Salinas. San Lnls Oblspo
• • '• ' *. and Principal Way Stations 4.10P
1 0.30 a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11. 30 a San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7.40* /
2-15PSanJote and Way Stations 8-38 A t
3-00PDel Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose, wattonvllle. SanU
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey
Pacific Grove 12.15*
tJ.OOPLos Gatos. Wright, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge 10.45 a
3.30 P South San Francisco, San Jose.
GUroy, Holllster, Tres Plnos 10.43 a
4-30pSan Joie and Way Stations t7.65A
tSOOPSanta Clara. San Jose. Los Gatos, t9.00A
15-30P San Jose and Principal Way Stations 59.40*
s>4sp6unset Express— Redwood, San
Jose. GUroy, Salinas, Paso
Robles, San Lnls Oblspo, Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Iteming;
/ El Paso, New Orleans B.loa
B-45PE1 Paso. Kansas City. Sc Loula,
Chicago 3.10 a
&45PPajaro, Watsonvllle, Capitola,
SanU Cms. Castroville. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove.... 10.30*
t6*lsPBan Mateo, Beresford, Betaonc,
San Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, Palo Alto 18.43 a
B-30pBan Joie and Way Stations 6.33 a
8-OOPPaIo Alto and Way Stations 10.1SA
H^OpS >uth SanFrancl3co, MlUbrae. Bnr-
\u25a0 ltnrame, San Mateo, Belxnon^
San Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks, *
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9.45*»"
11 JOP Saturdays only for Msyfleld. Moon-
tain View. Sunnyvale. Lawrence, .
SanU Clara and San Jose t9-45*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY*
I Foot of Market SO
t7.15A.«i. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. S.IS p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
tSnnday excepted. {Sunday only.
(Monday only.
IDaily. and stops at an stations on Sunday.
\u25a0 To SAN RAFAEL
Ross valley;
MILL VALLEf,
CAZADERO, Etc
\'la Sau-vollto Ferry.
SUBURBAN SKRVICK. STAXX>ARI> GAUGE.
Depart week* days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept Sunday), 7:43. 8:23. »:10. 9:30. ' U:CO a.
m.: 12:20. 1:45. 3:13. 4-35. 5:15. 6:50. 6:30.
7:15. 9:00. 100.5 and 11:35 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days — 7:43 a. m.. 3:13 \>.
m. (Saturdays only). 3:15 p. m. daily except
Saturday and Sunday; Sundays and holidays —
7:45, 8:10. 11:00 a. m.. 1:43 p. m. .
THROUGH TRAINS. *
7:43 a. m. daily— CazaAerr» and way stations.
,3:15 p. m. Satnrdays only — For Cazadero.
etc.
" 3 :15 p. m. dally (except Saturday and Sun-
day) — For Point Reyes, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market st. , -
' . FURRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt.Tamalpais Railway.
t Leave S. F. 9:50 a m 1:45 F M
Arrive S. F. ) 0:43 a m 2:55, fc2i pm
SiiraDlT 051T \u25a0 r
Lv. S.F. 4:35 m Ar. S. F. 11:23 pjrk
STISBAT3 ISB USii IQUflilS \u25a0 O
Lr. S. F. 8:20,9:50,11:00 am 1 .45pm
Ar. S. F. 1:30, 2:53, 4:23, 6:22 m .'£
IXI0I1?I XI0I1? s 650 Market St., (North Short JUilroad)
Onus ( and Sacsaltto Fbmly. F— » Mwfc \u25a0* ff a. .SPORTS
PAGE
DEVEREAUX MAKES THE HIT
THAT BEATS THE SI WASHES
IBERG TOSSES UP REAL SHUT-OUT CURVES
THE CAMERA CATCHES OAKLAND f& VETERAN CAPTAIN AS HE DOVE SAFELY INTO THE BAG YESTERDAY AFTERNOON
DURING X MIX i:P IN THE EIGHTH AKTKR BENNETT HAD FUMBLED KRUGKR'B GROUNDER. VAN SCORED A MO
MENT LATER ON DI'NLEAVY'S DRIVE TO RIGHT FIELD. . I
RESULTS OF GAMES.
Seattle 4, Oakland 3.
• mkland 5. Nrattle <».
Portland 3, Kan Francisco 0.
Portland 2, !»an FraucUco O.
tl'ivo Inning;*.)
I.o« a BCflw 2. Tacoraa I.
(Twelve Inning*.)
BTAXDIXG OF THE CLUBS.
w. L.pet. i w. urvt.
Los Angple«..4O 31 .r.»a Portland ....32 32 .500
"aklsn 41 5.t .Ksa'Seattlr 33 33.483
s »" Fran ...r.7 ST .SOuJTaenma 27 3» .4«>
Tta seldom, indeed, that Papa Van Hal-
Lrett'A flo^k of Commuters play the game
as they did against the Siwashes yester
day afternoon at the Eiphth-Ptreet lot.
y.cery man on the payroll made a DoiM
. 'ike a ballplayer and never for a mo
\u25a0'i*Mit did the northern hosts figure. In
yr;t. they did not corae within whistling
/.-"\u25a0lance of the pan. though they got one
i.-jore hit than the Oakland brigade.
Every fan who watched the perform
:mce was positive all the Oaklanders were
•l^roes. but Brick Devereaux and Ham
ibcrg were in a class higher. Bill earned
hie title with a two-cushion swipe with
a couple of men waiting to come in and
Ham was great because he pitched shut-r
out ball.
The game sparkled with startling in
cidents and quick, enappy plays which
tended to make the fans like it. Only
x.n hour and twenty minutes were re
quired to rip oft the nine spasms. Neither
I berg nor Vickers gave away any free
parses and outside the booting tactics
of Bennett the 'contest came pretty near
bticg a perfect exhibition, as far as the
error column cut In.
If a man begins to boot a ball you
. never can tell when he is due to stop.
Benaett was afflicted with an attack of
the jimmies yesterday and to him the
Commuters may give thanks for victory.
In the fourth, after Moskiman had hit to
right with two in the cellar. Bennett
fumbled Hogan's grounder and Bill Dev
ereaux immediately became a great man
by clouting out to the flagpole for two
sacks. Bill was restless and slid into
third on the next ball pitched. Blank
enship heaved the ball wide and the
brinrtle one immediately tore in with an
other run.
The game progressed very smoothly
and without accident or incident till Julie
Streib made a comic-opera stop of Iberg's
? rounder and got his man at first in the
making the second down. Then
Bennett got bad again and let Kruger's
gcuunder get away after Van Haltren
had hit and pulled up at second on Kane's
fumble. Kruger stole and when Dun-
Icavy whisked a hot one to the right
garden both men came tearing through,
swelling Oakland's grand total to five
for the afternoon.
Beginning to-morrow there will be
cames at Recreation Park every Tues
«lay afternoon. For the balance of the
season Oakland will play on its home
grounds every day except Monday. There
will be Sunday-morning games both
here and across ihe bay hereafter. The
score:
SEATTLE.
AB. R. BH. 88. PO. A. E.
IJrnnett. 2b * •> 1 « \ * ?
X ... c i 3 0 O O 2 0 1
*"££ \u25a0':'*:::::... 4020200
BUokoAto. c \u2666 0 1 12 0 1
\u25a0r^ri'V::::::::::^ I I 0 'i 1i 1 o° S
V?oke«; pV.........._3 J> _0 _O _O J J>
Totals 30 0 6 1 24 11 5
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. c. t... 4 i J 0 0 0 0
iSrab 9 :.'::::::!
} }} } ± j
> Totals 31 5 6' 4 27 11 0
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS. <K£<i
settle ..... 000000000-O
Blsehits .1 1020010 I—6
Oakland .V." V. O 0030002 x- 5
01-20002 x- 8
SUMMARY.
Two-base hit— Devereaux. Sacrifice hit-
Kane First ba«e on errorß-OakUnd 3. Left
,*n W-^-Seattle 4. Oakland 2. Struck out—
By Vickers 1. by Iberg 3. Double play—Ben
nett to Strelb. Time of same— One hour and
twenty minutes. Umpire — Davis.
Slvrachm Land In Ninth.
Up to the ninth inning yesterflay
morning the game on the Oakland
grounds was a deadlock. Then the SI- ,
washes waded in and quickly gathered
a run on a. couple of timely hits. Both
Miller and Hogan got theirs every
once and a while, bpt lucky stops tend
ed to keep the ecore down. Oakland
used a couple of bushers in the per
sons of A. Hogan. who played right.
tic-Id and little McMurray. the Stock
ton lad. who was brought back to try
hand behind the bat once again.
The score: ,
SEATTLE. !
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. I
cc. n nn n e eu c r\. ::::::: 4 ? hill I
01^-..::::! I \ till
MUter. P. \u25a0* _?_?_? 2 1 1
To^ 34 . 4 9 2 27 12 4
° A AB* R D BH. 88. PO. A. E.
Krurer* I. t. ...'..'.'. A 0 10 3.0 10
Imr.W 2b 4 0 10 3 1 0
Wwkiman. lb 4 0 1 0 14 1 0
- 4 -Hoga». r. t 4 0 00 2 0 1
. l>v«reaux. «. « 4 1 8 O 2 3 1
RicharUs. 3b 3 O 0 0 1 « 0
McMurray. c 3 1 0 3 2 8 0
Hogan. p. V. 4 1 1 ° _£ _5 °
"Total* ..........34 "i 8 3 27.17' 3
FOLEY IS NOW THE TENNIS CHAMPION
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 1 0 2 0 0 I— 4
Base hits 00121300 2—o
Oakland 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 o—3
Base hits f. 00033100 I—B1 — 8
SUMMARY.
Thr*e-base hits— Van Haltren. Stretb. H Two
base hit— Walters. Sacrifice hit*— Streib.
Richards. Fir?t base on errors— Seattle 2, Oak
land 2. First base on called balls— Oft Miller
I. Left on bases — Seattle 3. Oakland 6. Struck
out— By Miller 7. by Hogan 2. Htt by picther —
Krrry. Double play — Bennett to Hall to
Strrib. Tirr.e of frame — 1:25. Umpire — Davis.
GIANTS BLANK SISALS TWICE.
Gnrvln and l.aliff Unload Bender* That
Are Hard to Hit.
"PORTLAND, Oct. 22. — Portland de
feated San Francisco in both games of
j to-day's double header, shutting "Wil
j son's men out in each case. Garvin was
jas steady as a clock. in the first game,
and the Seals had no chance to score,
as he was backed up in a splendid man
ner by McLean, who handled nineteen
chances in both games. Garvin allowed
ouly two hits. Jimmy \Vhaien and Buck
Keith officiated as umpires and t le lat
ter made such a hit with the 30(0 fans
j present that they demanded he impire
I alone, but as both teams had agreed
on two men no change. was male. In
the second game McCredle tri id out
Callff, a youngster who made i good
record in the Northwest League this
season, and the lad made a fine show
ing and the second game became a local
victory in the fourth inning when
| AVheeler developed a streak of mildness
which, coupled with an error by Irwin,
gave the Giants two runs. Scores:
I'Mrot Gniiic.
PORTLAND.
AB. R. BH. 10. A. E.
Atz. s s 4 0 0 3 3 2
Van Buren. 1. f 5-1 2 i O O
Mitchell, lb 3 0 2 * 0 1
Schlaney. 2U 3 0 1 4 2 0
McLean, c 3 0 1 7 6 1
McHale. c. f . 2 1 2 1- 0 0
Sweeney. 3b 3 0 1 0 3 0
Cates, r. f 2 1 0 2 I 0
Garvin, p. 2 0 0 0 7 0
Totals 27 3 0 27 22 4
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Waldron. c. f 2 0 0 \u25a0? 0 0
Mohler, 2b 2 0 0 2 3 0
Spencer. 1. f. 3 0 1 2 0 0
Nealon, Jb 4 0 19 0 0
Householder, r. f 2 0 o^o 0 0
Irwin, 3b •'» 0 0 3 3 0
Gochnauer, s. g 2 0 0 1 0 0
"Wilson, c • 2 0 0• \u25a0 4 1 1
Williams, p 2 0 0 0 7- 1
Totals 22 0 2 21 14 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco ..000000000—0
Base hits 10 0 0-0 0 0 10—2
Portland 0 1 0 O 0 0 2 0 x— S
Base hits 01111221 at— 0
SUMMARY.
Struck out — By Garvin 3, by Williams 2.
Base* on balls — Off Garvin 7. off Williams 6.
Two-base hit— Mitchell. First base on errors-
Portland 1, San Francisco 3. Double tlays —
McLean to Cates to Sehlafley to Atz; Irwin
to Mohler to Nealon; Garvin to McLean to Atz
to McLean. Left on bases— Portland 11, San
Francisco 8. Sacrifice hits— Schlafley, Garvin,
McHale. Waldron. Mohler. Williams, Wilson.
Stolen bates— McHale, Cates, Mohler, Spencer.
Hit by pitched ball — Householder. Passed
ball— Wilson. Time of game — One hour 30
minutes. Umpires — Keith and Whalen.
Second Game.
PORTLAND.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Atz „ c 2 0 0 3 0 0
Van Buren.' 1. f. 0 1-0 l ° °
Mitchell, lb 2 1 1 2 0 0
Kchlafley. 2b * £ ° ? 2 U
fccLe.ii. c 2 0 0 4 2 0
McHale. c. f. 2 0 1 3 0 0
Sweeney. 3b 2 0 1 0 1 0
<\u25a0\u0084„, r f 1 O O £ V O
Can* p. _1 _0 J> J3 _1 _0
Totals 13 2 3 15 * °
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Waldron. c. t. 2 O 0 1 0 0
Mohler. 2b 2 0 0 2 2 0
I. f V. 2 X) 2 2 0 0
'Nealon. lb 2 0 14 0 0
Householder, r. t. 2 0 0 0 0 0
Irwin, 3b 2 0 112 1
Gochneuer, 8. s 2 0 0 1 0 0
Shta c. 2 0 0 0.1 0
Wteeler. p 1 0 0' 1 2 0
Totals 17 0 4.12 7 1
Called In fifth br agreement.
• RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 o—o0 — 0
Ba*« hits 1 1 0 1 I—41 — 4
Portland 0 0 0 2 x— 2
P.ase hits 0 2 0 1 x— 3
SUMMARY.
Struck out— By Califf 2. Banes on balls —
Off Wheeler 2. Two-bue hit— McHale. Three
base htt — Nealon. Left on bases — Portland
2. Ean Francisco 2. Hit by- pitched ball— Van
Buren. .' Time of cam* — 15 minutes. Um
pires—Keith end Whalen.
ANGELS THERE IN TWELFTH.
Doyle'M Bad Throw Le«» Flood Score
the Winning Run.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 22. — The Angels
won the last of the two weeks' series
with Tacoma by the score of 2 to 1.
It was a long drawn out pitchers' bat
tle, requiring twelve Innings, Tozer
and Fitzgerald pitched star ball, but
the local man was given perfect sup
port In the field, while errors alone
lost the game for Tacoma. Fldpd, the
first- man up In the last half of the
twelfth, hit a scorching grounder down
the right field line, which counted for
two bases. Doyle fielded the ball and
threw wild to second base, the ball go
ing to left field bleachers and allowing
Flood to score the winning run. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. 68. PO. A, .-»."
Bernard, c. f .5 0 10 2 0 0
Flood. 2b 5 11 0 6 5 0
Smith, 3b .'. 4 0 1 0' 8 2 0
Braehear, «. b :. 4 0 10 2 2 0
Dillon, lb 4 0 10 8 H'.-O
Cravath, r. t 3 0 0 0 20-0
Rosa. L'.t.'. 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Kagar, c .4 11 19 2 0
Tozer. p ...3 0 2 0 1 0 0
.Totals...; 88 2 8 1 30 12 0
THE.. SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, ;MONDAY, OCTOBER .28, 1905,;
KINGTON JUST
MISSES RECORD
GoWcn Gate Star Makes 470
Kings With the Pistol on
Shell Mound .Park Range
There were a large number of marks
j men competing in the different events at
I Shell Mound Park range yesterday. The
, scores made at the rifle range were not
! up to the usual standard, while the par-
J ticipants on the pistol targets surprised
J tho onlookers by their fine shooting.
j F. V, Kington did some wonderful work
I on the pistol target at the, competition of
I tho Oolden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club. He
I fired fifty shots and made a total of 470
j rings on the Standard American target.
I In the whole fifty shots he only missed
i the 8-inch black twice at a distance of
J fifty yards. This fine score is within
I three points pf the world's record and is
I far ahead of any made this yeur. The
I ten-shot scores were 90, 93, 96, 96. 95.
In the Norddoutscher Club F. P. Schus
ter was high man with 226 rings and car
ried off the medal of the first champion
class. William (iarms # of the same club,
one of the edd-time marksmen, won the
medal in the second ciass with the good
score of 205 rings.
i Henry Meyer made the best bujlseye of
I the day in the Germanla Club, with a
score of 254 points, and Otto Bremer, In
the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, was
top man, witn the good score of 156.
O. Rosberg was the winner of the Slebe
gold medal in the competition of the
Red Men's Club. Having won the trophy
three times in seven events he becomes
the permanent possessor of the medal.
W. F. Blasse was high in the re-entry
match of the' Golden Gate Club, with the
good score of 227 rings. The scores:
Golden Gate Riflp and Pistol Club, monthly
competition, ritte: Gold medal, H. A. Wobber,
215. 107, lSJl: A. M. Paulsen, 2<Xi, ISO; W. H.
Burkhc'.der. 202. Silver medal— M. J. White,
ISU, 177. Medal bars— J. F. Brldues. 204, 17S.
Re-entry mateh — \V. F. Blasse, 527, 222," 214,
212, 'JOS; M. F. Blasse. 210, 214. 213, 207, 204;
C. M. Henderson. 211, 210; E. N. Moore, 2USS;
M. Kolander. 2U4. Flas>— W. F. Blasse. 4;
M. F. Blasse, :<; E. N. Moore. 1; C. M. Hen
derson. 1. Pietol re-entry mateh — F. V. King
ton. 06. 96. 05, 03. 00. Revolver re-entry
match— W. C. Prichard. 88. SB.
Notddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly
medal ahoot: First champion class — F. P. i
Schuster, 22(5, 211; second champion class — D.
Salfleld. 201. First class— Not represented; sec
ond class — William Garms, 200, 205: third
clans— A. Schaefer, 200; fourth clans— H. Ip
(•\u25a0en, 170. Best first Bhot — P. Rust, 25; best last
shot — A. Schaefer, 25.
San Francisco Sehuetzen Verein. monthly
competition f»hcot — L. Bendel. 07, 72, 00; D.
Salfleld, 66; F. P. Schuster, «8, t'B. 08. 71; E.
Doell. 70; H.- Huber, 72, 71; O. Bremer, 70,
71, 70; D. B. Faktor, 07. UO, 70; H. Barn
holdt. 73, CO. «8, T-i; F. Brandt, 07, (Hi; O.
Lemcke. 67. 72: A. Schaofer, CO; G. 11. Cahrs,
66. 67; F. Koch, 67; C. Peach, C(i.
Bullseye • Fhnot — O. Bremer, 15U: AY. V.
Ganriß. 370; O, I/emcke. 422; S. . Heno. 402;
H. Huber, .512;. D. Danker, 515; F. Brandt,
516; F- P. Schuster, <>04; D. Salfteld. (J5l ; I).
D. F»ktnr. W0; A. Jnncblut. <;8!»: H. Born
holdt, 8::t): E. Ipsen, 1030: <!. H. Bahre, 1070;
Henry Meyer, 117:S: F. Pape, 12:15; E. Doell.
1254; C. Peach, 1389; F. Koch, 1479; A. Ber
tclst-n, 1511.
Germania Schuetren Club, monthly bullseye
shoot— H. Meyer. 284; D. B. Faktor. 351); W.
F. Blasse, 443; Aurust Juncblut, 4(34; F. P
Schuster. 54.1; H. Bornholdt, 650: D. Salfleld,
eSBi C. M. Henderson. 713; H. Huber, 095; S.
Heino. 1C01; O. H. Bahro. 1141; L. Bendel.
11W); B. Jonas. 1210; F. Brandt, 12S0; O.
Bremer. 13«>; H. Zecher, 1611; J. E. Klein,
JC23: F. Rust. 1658; M. V. Blasse, 1744; W.
Burkholder, 1757; M. Kolander, 1872; G. Gun
ther. 2^70; A.,Goetze, 2414. "
Red Men's Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot: First champion class — W. Drewtler, 209;
second champion c!a»=s — J. Mohr, 178; first
class — C. G. Stripped 1S8; second class — D.
Tamke, 1C8; third class — Not won; fourth
class— ,O. Rosberg. 179; bent first shot — D.
Tamke, 25; best last shot, D; Tamke, 24. Bulls
eye shoot— O. Rosberg, 354; J. Mohr, 1148; W.
Dressier, 1208; J. Smith. 1449; D. Tamke.
21.T9. O. Rosbersr won the Siebe medal.
Veterans National . Guard of California,
monthly medal shoot — Chris Meyer. 44; John
Kuhlke, 41; Jchn C. Ringen. 41: John E. Klein,
40: H.J. Burns, 37: M. J. Myers. '36; S.-J. i
Pembroke, 38; O. Nolte, 37; S. I. Kellogg. 44.
GRIDIRON CLAIMS ONE,
/ MORE VICTIM IN EAST
. WILLAMANTIC, Conn., Oct. 22.— John
C. Gondero, aged 27, difed to-day as the
1 result of an injury received in a foot
ball game in Jewett City yesterday.
Gondero" was a member.; of the Wllla
manatic team. and it is said that he was
no condition to play the game. After
a scrimmage he lay on the ground un
conscious and was taken to a" hotel,
where' he "died. .Doctors state that a
cerebral hemorrhage was the cause of
his death. .
tacoma: -J - i
AB. R.'BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, r. f...... 5 0 i; 1 10 1
Sheehan. 3b;... ....... tt 0 .0 0 15 0
Nordyke, 1b. .:....'.. 6 0 10 14 0 1
Eaffan, s. » ...5 0 10 6 3 1
McLaughlin.'l. f..... 3 1 0, 0 0 0 0
Lynch, c/ f,.... .. ... 2 0 0 O 6 0 0
Casey, 2b.........:.: 3 0 3 0 4 5 0
Hogan, c 3 01 0 2 6 0
Fitzgerald, p. 4 0 0 ;0' 0 -.' 1 1
- T0ta15. :'........ \37 "1 ~7 ~i 'JS -19 ~4
•No one out when winning, run »cored.
RUNS AND .HITS BY 'INNINGS.-,:
Los Angeles...:... 0000010 0 0 0 0 1 — 2
Base hit 5........ 2 0 10 0 110 0 111— 8
Tac0ma........ .'... 0 0001000000 0 — 1
Base h1U........ 0 0 1 0 10 0 2 10 2 o—7
. V ,'.\- SUMMARY. -I,' \u25a0,:;; \u25a0;\u25a0•\u25a0
Two-base \u25a0 hit*— Casey, " Flood. ' Sacrifice ' hits
— Hogan. Lynch, : Tozer. C. Left pn bases— l<os
Angeles 3,. Tacoma 6. Bases on balls — Off To.
zer 4, . oft Fitzgerald 1. I otruck I out — By Tozer
8, by i Fitzgerald : 3. Double plays— -Caeey; tor
Nordyke; Flood to Dillon (2). Time of game-
Two hours. Umpire— Perlne. v
FAVORITES FAIL
TO SHOW CLASS
Talent Gets a Knockout Blow
During* the Last Few Days
of the Jamaica Meeting
GOOD CARD FOE TO-DAY
High-Class Fields Are Carded
to Eun in the 'Lynbrook
and Two Short Handicaps
£l ecitl Dispatch to The Call.
NEW -YORK, Oct. 22.— Although favor
ites have been sufficiently disappointing
of late at Jamaica to affect the attend
ance at any racetrack, the extra good
card offered to-morrow will help matters
and many bright prospects are held out.
The Lynbrook and two handicaps have
high class fields anu with good horses
there is no excuse for failure to run to
form.
Although iuonacodor ran a dull ' race
last time, his chances in the handicap at
six furlongs cannot be denied. Only 88
pounds^ to carry is truly a leather for
him, Snd if he gets a good ride he should
! never give up tne lead.
As Zienap ran "a really improved race
last time, she seems to nave a grand
chance in '"the Lynbrook., She showed
more speed in her race on ' Saturday, and
her second to Tiptoe some time ago is
still fresh In our memories.- She might
even have beaten Tiptoe in that race had
she met with clear sailing. Inquisitor,
with 103 pounds up. should be the con
tender.
Ormonde's Right has too much class for
his opponents in the last race and he
should bo able to handle them any way
he chooses. He can gallop along behind
them to the stretch and then come away,
01 he can make his own running and
there is not one of them that can take
the track away from him. Jocund ran a
fair race with an apprentice boy up last
time, so if Shaw rides he shgu.- get the
.place.
JAMAICA KXTUIES.
NEW YORK. Oct. 22. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Jamacla:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Vino 110,
Lawsonian 102. Proposer 102, Sterling 10'J, Pa
mela. M, Speed Smith »X, Ruth W US, J X F
OS. Tvnvnes OS, Water Tank 04. Reidmoore 93,
Gentian Oil Spring Ban «2, Progress 00, Fred
B JPI.
Second race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Orthodox 108, Andrew Mack 100. Lord Badge
107. Sain 103, Jetsam 105. Celebration 103.
Bronze Wing IO.'J, King Pepper 10a, Light Note
$*X, Sam 11. Harris US, Pronta l>B. Embarrass
ment UB, Massa US, Ninnasquaw 08, Anti
mony 'j5. Grappln 0;(, Broadcloth 03.
Third race, six furlongs, handicap — Alwln
120. Waterside 119, Ivan the Terrible 114,
Zeala IUS. diamond I(KS. Platoon 'M, Snow
King 03, Kittle Platt 00, MonacOrdor 88.
Foiuth race, *lx furlongs, i^ynnbrook handi
cap — Security li!tf, Brookdale Nymph 122.
Hooray 117, James- neddlck 118, Klnleydale
110, ArkKrta 110, Early and Often 110, Yala
1 gal ICO, Zienap ICO, Brother Frank 100, Her
mitage 95. Ethelred SO, Inquisition 103.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, maidens —
Thistle-dale 110. Copper 110, Conquest 110,
CfcrjßOlite 107, Benlala 107, Myrlca 107. Ariet
ta 107, Ivanhoe 107, Salt and Pepper 107, Le
gatee 107, Brilliant 107.
Sixth race, mile and a furlonsr, handicap —
Alma Dufour 115,., Ostrich 115, Ormonde's
Right lia. Jocund 105, ->Uss^ Crawford »4.
Sonoma Belle 00, Lord Badge 67,- Sailor Boy 87.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Mornlne Telegraph.
FJrnt nice— Progress, Rtiih W, Vino.
Second race— Drake entry, Kins: Pep-,
per, JetMiuu.
Third Kacc— MonaoodQr, Zealn, Ivan
th» Terrible. » #
Fourth race— Zienap, Inqulnltor, Se
cnrlty.
I'll th race — Copper, Chrysolite,
TliiNtlcdalc.
.Sixth race— Ormonde's Right, Jocund,
OMtrich.
Weather clear. Track fnst.
LATOXIA ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI. 0at.~22. — FollowJng are
the entries for to-morrow at Latonia:
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Verandah 100, Gallant Cassia 100, Lieutenant
Rice 103, King's * Charm 105, Optional 105.
Madoc 105, Penuee ICS. Turrando 110, April
Shower Jl3. Jack Rattlin 115, Melnter Karl 103,
Quiz II 105. Sanetomo 118, Woodlands IO.J.
Second race, one mile and fifty yards, gelling
— Siss Lee 05, Neva Welch 98. Dungannon 102,
Amberita IC2. J. P, Mayberry 102, M|sn Rlllie
104. Hortmsia tO2. The Gadfly 105, Echo Dale
105 Mamie Algol lOC, Dollnda 107, Ada N J','7,
Little Giant 107.
Third race, five and a fcs.lf furlongsi — Grace
ICS. Pauline Boyle ICS : 2;dna EUiott 105, Mln
nehaha HJS. Barlette 105. Clovernook 105, Kite
Tail 105. Tarp 10H. Sonata 108, Trlaaut-e 112,
First. Advance 115, Ethel McCaffrey 105, As
trada ICS.
Fourth race, •steeplechase. Clubhouse course,
handicap — Laura X 127, Bank Holiday 123.
Jim Hoi's Wit Itacatiara 134, -- Lights Out 139,
Class Lfcder 145, John E. Owens 145, Lord
Radner. 15u. Sweet Jane 150.
Fifth race one" mile und seventy yards.
p Urfe _Cigarlighter 100, Lurallghtcr 103, Pirate
Polly 104. Mcllvaln 107,BrancaB ll.'l.
Sixth race, six and a ha;t rurlongs, selling —
Tinker Oti, Follow the Flag 1)0, Tsara Otj, Thro
Case 09, Belden 00, Pcntaijon 00. Matabon ti\),
Bltfr Brown 101, Calabash 102,-- Holla 102,
Malleable. 104, Neodonha 1,04, Woggle Bug 104.
LATONIA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First rnce— Lieutenant . Rice, Sun
temo, Jack Rntlln.
Sccnud riic« — I lu ji«rnnnon» Mamie Al-
BOlrfa/lW Ilintc.
Third race — IHiuiohahn, Grace, Tri
kaucc.
Fourth race— Sweet Jane, Lord Rad
nor. Jolm E. Oweni. \u0084
Flit li race— Mcllvaln, Brancas, Pirate
Poiir. . s
' Sl vth race— -Tinker, Malleable, Bel
den* \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0*•"! -'..".
Weather olenr. Track taut.
LEVY SIDETRACKS CANS ,~. . .
AND SIGNS Ul» SULLIVAN
Lowell Boy Will Take tZie , Place of
Baltimore Llßbtweigut In Bout '
Next Month. .
The Gans-Sullivan match -evidently
did not look good to Morris Levy, man
ager of the - Hayes Valley Club, for
early Sunday morning he • brought Jim
my Gardner and Sullivan together and
signed them up to fight . here next
month: \u25a0 It looks as though Gans*. last
chance for" a go in thisdty;has flown.
When Levy first signed. Gans and Sul
livan, the sporting public- looked , upon
the match* with suspicion. :-> Levy tried
to get Gardner in the 'first place, but
the Lowell' boy, did not' think/much of
such ; a proposition." Later cho lelehted
and when Levy saw his chance," .he
switched and ". turned "down the Balti
more lightweight. ' '\u25a0'.\u25a0 '-•--; \u25a0 ' ; \u25a0
Strikers ' Return' to Work.
HAZELTON, Pa., Oct; 22.— The em
ployes of G. B: Markle & Co., who struck
last week, to-day .decided' to return :to
work to-morrow, .morning.-. ; : The , driver
boy who was. the. cause of the \u25a0 trouble
must remain | idle until the~ auestion :of
his wages is; decided by-the conciliation
board which the'men andthe "company
have ' agreed ! shall settle the issue. %
They ] permeate: every, portion of the
system and^ give It a new llfeand vigor.
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters." •
YOUNGSTER WEARS VETERAN DOWN
AND WINS TITLE ON HIS MERITS.
Greatest Growd in the History of Park Courts Cheers VictoY
On and He Responds Gamely to Urgings.
GAME LITTLE TENNIS PLAYER. A PRODUCT OF PARK COURTS WHO YES
TFKDAY OUTPLAYED THE VETERAN PERCY MURDOCK AND WON THE
CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE BAY COUNTIES? AND THE LLOYD CUP.
CROWD URGES
WILD GUS ON
Four Paw Is Beaten in the
.Final of a Fast Course.
Fetterless Also Scores
A big crowd turned out at Union Cours
ing Park yesterday afternoon and cheered
for Wild Gus as he came right along
the line and bowled over the other grey
hounds in the Reserve stake. Four Paw
was the runner-up, and he gave Wild
Gus a good time in the deciding course,
the latter linauy winning out by a score
of 11 to ».• ' ' -
The unfinished Champion stake of last
Sunday went to Panoche, which easily
took the lead over Presto in the one race
and got away with the purse 7 to 3. Fet
terless Stowed Jim Lamb away In the
last round -of the unfinished . Reserve
stake. The trial was a close one and
Fetterless just managed to win by one
point. The betting was lively and several
upsets occurred during the day. Fol
lowing are the results, with Judge P. J.
Reilley's official scores:
Open stake, first round— Russell J beat Ro
man Fire 7-6- Hvunboldt beat Alice Dunn.
13-1 • Wild Gus a bye, Eric Flash withdrawn;
Secretive beat Carlow Boy, a-i; Happy La*
fatal M?S3 Gambit. 6-5; Blaze beat Ready
Rider, 7-u; Irvington Boy bearTralee Lady.
2-0- Rush Away beat Fire" Maid. 14-3; *a«e
Alarm beat Frank Dunn, 8-4; Fiery Rock beat
Wild Mamie. 3-2; Lost Chord beat Forest Fire
0-0: Pdmona beat Gold Chain. 12-3, Matt
Ralney beat Tamora. 8-7; Cleon beat Rftman
Actress ti-3; Muggsy beat riudaon, 4-3; Jim
Ryan beat Wild Peas. 5-3; Black Tralee beat
Jimmy Allen. 12-2; Young Pepper beat^FrUco
I^d 12-4- Stlngaree beat Golden, 8-5; The
Roman beat The Arrow. 12-1; Blanche Jewett
beat Reckless Acrobat. J-0; The Keferee beat
Ina Clbsus. 8-2; Ailbe Royal beat L L C, 8-7;
Aman"an beat King V. 8-1; Rocked Asleep
hVVt Siroc 8-7 ; Sherman beat Davy Crockett.
O-T Mr Lonjers beat Fair Warning; 12-3;
Wild Mint beat Angus Cissus, 6-6; Four Paw
beat Camber. 4-0: Shotgun a bye Belle Marie
withdrawn; Presto beat Master Garrison. 8-5;
Miss. Zignego beat The Navy, 4-0. _
Second round— Russell Jbeat Humboldt.Ji-5:
•Wild Gub beat Secretive; 7-2; Blaze beat Hap
ny Lad «-6 ; Irvington Boy beat Rushaway,
»-4- Fiery Rock beat False Alarm, t>-i : Lost
Chord beat Pomona. 4-3: Cleon -beat Matt
Ra'tny.'-IC-O; Muggsy beat Jim Ryan. 6-3;
Black Tralee \u25a0\u25a0 beat Youns Pepper. 5-2 : Stln
caiee beat The Roman, 6-3; The Referee beat
Blanche Jewett. 12-6: Ailbe Royal a bye.
Rocked Asleep -withdrawn;- Amandan beat
Sherman, fl-2; Wild Miet beat § Mr. Loners;
12-1: -Four Paw beat Shotgun. S-4; Presto beat
Third 8 round— Wild Gus beat Russell J, C-l:
Blaze beat IrVlnston Boy. 5-1: Fiery Rock beat
Lost Chord, 8-7; •> Muggsy ... beat Cleon, 4-2:
Stlngaree beat Black Tralee. U-0; The Referea
beat AJlbe Royal. 13-6; Wild Mist beat Aman
dan 4-3: Four Paw beat Presto, 8-1.
Fourth round — Wild- Gus • beat Blaxe, 4-3:
Muggsy beat Fiery Rock, 0-5; Wild Mist beat
Stitigaree, 14-7;, Four Paw, beat. Tne Ref
eree, 6-0. \u25a0\u25a0;--\u25a0\u25a0 ' '.-'"'\u25a0"\u25a0'' . "\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
Fifth round — Wild - Gus beat Muggsy, B-l;
Four. Paw a bye, '\u25a0 Wild "Mitt withdrawn. .
: Deciding; course— Wild - Gus beat Four Paw,
\u25a0Unfinished reserve stake,' first . round— Sea
Lion : beat Raby Aurora." 3-2; • Jim '\u25a0. Lamb ! beat
Mercedes, ••> 17-2; ' Fetterless beat Renegade
Apache, 4-2.
' Second round— Jim Lamb beat Sea Lion,
15-7; Fetterless a -natural bye/ v ' t ;
\u25a0 Deciding course-7-Fetterless bea.t Jim \ Lamb,
7-<s.^. -:-.:-:\u25a0 •;„\u25a0 :,:--•; \u25a0;.-..:, ,-- , ,_.l \u0084 \u0084. \u25a0 --\u0084 ..
M .Unfinished champion stake, deciding course—
Panoche beat Terra Cotta, ,7-3. ; » - <
SACRAWENTO BOY
IN FRONT AGAIN
Veteran Dog* Shows Old Form
by Defeating Homer Boy
in Three Straight Kaces
Sacramento Boy sustained his repu
tation as the "honest greyhound" by
defeating Homer Boy in three succea- I
sive trials in the match races yesterday
at Inglesido Coursing Park before the <
largest crowd of the season. The, bet
ting wns nearly even on the three
courses, and severaL thousand dollars
were played, on both f dogs in each race.
The talent made Homer Boy a 2 to 3
favorite in the first course. The Sacra
mento delegation had plenty of money
to, play their favorite and they bet the
local contingent to a standstill at these
odds. -In. a long- sIJd Homer Boy
showed the way to the hare by a scant
length, but through slight favor
; Walsh's dog took the turn. In a rapid
i succession of turns Sacramento . Boy
j outworked his opponent.
I In the n«xt course even money pre
vailed. This time the Sacramento dog
led and. proved the better worker. The
talent switched to Sacramento Boy In
the third trial and Installed him a 4
to 5 shot. Their judgment was sus-
I tamed, as the good old. dog led and beat
his opponent decisively. The winner
was roundly cheered as he was brought
off the field. . .
The Champion and Reserve stakes
I were left unfinished owing to darkness.
May S and Bon Ami- will meet in match
races, the best thee out of five, a week
from next Sunday. The results follow
with Judge John Sutton's official scores:
Match racea, best . three out of five— D.
Walsh's Sacramento Boy beat O. Zahl's Hotn«r
Boy. -0-«. 10-6, 10-7. .
Champion stake: First round — Conroy beat
Mi Amigo, 3-2; Sampler beat Butte City.
»-8; Fair Flying beat Mickey Ffee. 0-4: Honeit
John beat Miss Emily, U-3; Bori»Azni beat Tra
lee Maid. 4-0; The ' Duke beat Crazy Jane.
12-0 • Orslna b«at Barney r.ey, 5-1; Race King
beat Gambii. 2-0. .
Second round — Sampler beat Conroy.' 4-1;
Honest John beat Fair Flying, 7-4; Bon Ami
beat Tht Duke. 4-1; Owna beat Race King.
' Third round — Sampler beat Honest John. 6-1;
Oralna beat Bon Ami. tt-0. Final unfinished.
Reserve stake: First round — Peerless Beau
ty beat Sir Winton, 7-6: Royal Friend beat
Winning Friend, 9-7; Gallant Friend beat Bad
ly Used 5-0- The Earl b*at Whoa BUI. 8-2:
Llttlo Dainty b«at. Queen's Motto, 4-2; Galvea
ton beat Miss Brummel, 10-5; Capital Lady
beat Vallejo Star. 4-3; Limerick Boy beat Lit
tle Claude, »-8: Rowena Belle beat Sunny
brook. 8-3: Fairy Belle beat The Mist, 7-1;
Pony Capital beat PagUacd. 9-1; The Rival
beat Fenli,- 12-5; Rose of Gold beat Golden
Wand 7-0; MellenwooJ beat Gloomy Gus. 0-0;
Cubanola beat J R.*4-l; Judge beat Our Motto,
8-8- Ruby Sankey beat Evil Eye. 12-1; Lady
Kelp beat- Rapid Water. 0-4: Loretta. beat Ter
rah. 8-7: Eadenvale -beat' Helen Drew. 5-2:
lodine beat Blue Eyes. 4-1; Tlppecanoe beat
Colored Lady, 6-4; Little Plunger beat R-W.
7-2; The Old Peach beat My Surprise. 9-5.
Second " round — Peerless Beauty beat Royal
Friend, 4-2: The - Earl , beat Gallant Friend.
9-1; Little Dainty beat Galveston. ,7-5; Capi
tal Lady beat Limerick Boy. 4-1: Rowena Bell*
beat Fairy Belle." 11-4; Pony Capital beat Th«
Rival, 6-3; Rote ' of Goia beat < Mellenwood.
14-5; Judge beat Cubanola, 5-3; Ruby Sankcy
beat Loretta, 8-0; La ay Kelp beat Eadnnvale.
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
Before the largest crowd ever gathered
about the park tennis courts, Charles
Foley, oC the Golden Gat© Tennis Club,
defeated Percy Murdock, of Alazneda,
yesterday in the finals of the second an
nual Bay Counties Championship tourna
ment. The best the Alamedan could do
was to win one set out of four. Foley'a
victory was In no sense a fluke, the local
boy outplaying his opponent from start
to finish. The score was 7-5, 8-2, 7-9. 6-L
In the opening set Murdock unfortu
nately broke his racquet. This undoubt
, edly affected his play, but not the out
come of the contest. Foley was much
steadier than Murdock and this Quality
accounts for his victory.
The first set was close and Murdock had
a splendid chance to win the last game of
the set. When it was 6-5 against' him.
Murdock had a lead of 40-0, but could not
win the point that would have made it
games all.
The third set was the closest and most
interesting of the four. After 5-5 had been
reached both contestants played, brilliant
tennis. At 6-5 Murdock led at 49-15, but
Foley got back everything and the Ala
medan lost the came.
Foley also won the next game, but Mur
dock took three In a row, giving him the
set. In the last game Murdock led at 40-0,
but Foley brought the score to deuce.
After having vantage half a dozen times
Murdock won the point on a clever volley.
After a seven-minute rest the fourth set
was commenced. Murdock started oft lik*
a winner. He passed his opponent thres
times In succession, taking the first
three points.
Foley. however, pulled out the gam<»
and from this time on the outcome was
I never In doubt.
At the conclusion of the match. Foley
received a great ovation from hla club
mates. H. .L. Tlckner presented the.
prizes' to the winner in singles. Foley
received the Lloyd challenge cup. which
was held by i>:ummond MacGavln, and
the first prize cup. Second prize went tv
Percy Murdock, and the two third prizes
to Clarence Griflln and Neil Baker. Fol
ey's victory was a popular one. as he 13
a modest chap and one who will wear his
laurels gracefully.
Only one match was played In doubles.
The contestants were the Baker broth
ers and Carl Gardner and Charles Dun
lap. After failing to win a game In the
first set, Gardner and Dunlap won the
next two easily. In the first set tha
Bakers, as usual, lobbed everything. In
the last two sets Gardner and Duc'.aj> re
sorted to the same style of play and beat
the brothers at their own game. The
score was <M, 6-1, S-2.
A round robin tournament will probably
be arranged between the four different
chainp!ons« tc settle the question p£ s:i
\u25a0\u25a0 premacy between them. Those who would
participate are Coast Champion Janes,
\u25a0 State Champion Adams, Bay Counties
Chtunpion Foley and San Francisco
I Champion Gardner.
3-1; Tlppecanoe beat lodine, 7-5: Little Plunger
beat Tne Old Peach. 8-3.
Third round — The Earl beat Peerless Beauty
ty. 4-1: Capita! Lady beat Little t>»inty. &-:;;
Pony Capital a bye. Rowena Belle withdrawn:
Rose of Gold beat Judge. 13-10; Ruby Sank-y
beat Tlppecaroe. 7-0; Lady Kelp beat LUtls
Plunger. 12-10.
\u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0
According to the Express, London had
a day of "blaring sunshine" June 14,
which "sent the temperature up to <S
degrees." \u25a0
C^^ir * 4 A FRIEtND IN
gJHijSk f« I" often applied to
jQ^QUjfjli] gust welcome.
jj^tirm^fi Ask for It wherever
f^^ GEOHMES A ULLRICH
.£V>JJs§g DLitlllfri i
Chicago, iix.
~Tjl aH!V*S2 Sam Fr«ncl.*co Branch*
Marouette
Wiiskey .«
1112
HELPING FIGHT
FOR EXCLUSION
Organizations Throughout j
Country Affiliate Them
selves With the League
ANOTHER SESSION HELD 1
Executive Board iit'purts Ac
cessions to the Anti Jap
anese and Korean Hanks!
Tile Japanese and Korean Exclusion
League held a brief session yesterday,
A. O. Tveitir.oe occupying: the elixir.
Xfcere was a large attendance. The
following additional delegates were
sealed
Street Carmen" f Union, fan Jose — C. K. KU
monds and W. H. Smith; Longshore Lumbri
n»en> Union— W. Kyan. M. F. *haurhnes*y
and M E. Oalvin; Fishermen's Protective
Union of Th- Pacific Coasr— lvcv.ard Anderson.
Andrew Brandt and I. N. Hylen; Boot and
£ho» W orkerr" Union — Jame6 E. Gallagher.
Joh.ii MrDonaM and Humphrey Gallagher:
Clan <;r;ih«m — James I>uncan Graham, uiloert
PJk.? Graham and Fted K:ram Graham. Pro-
Ceseor Chailce T. Oalame.
i A. E. Yoell. the secretary, submitted
the r*i>ort of the executive board. It
contained the following: statements:
Thai nmny i*pliei had tx-en received to the
letters of the committee on publicity and Kta
tte:U-s rtsvdinc th* number of Japanese at
VArtoas places; that wiae puMicity had been
ct>tßi;ied, »*tti the result >hat t»enty-se\en ct
It- iarpef. labor exohans** In the Ea.s>t had
taken up the subject of exol-jtior.; that rapfti-
Uon* <:i *xclusion adopted ;iy the league «-n-
Mtv X had been adopted by the Ancient Or
der" of Ffensterc Intf-rnalional Association of
Stecblnistc. In'.crnatiotial .•v^soclaUon- of Kle
vei-T Constructors. American UrotlierhooU of
Cement W'oikerf, Juttrnatloral Association of
Bladuvittbs and H»'H»ers.. International Asso
ciation of Photo Engravvrs, Interiiellonal Amjo
elaticr. o' Electrical Workers— representing
877.">00 cJtSzens; lhat the resolutions had ob
tair.»'i the unaiiimous Indorsement of the Build,
tijr Trade* Council? of California,, numbering
SS 500 art.Fane; that a total of 1!19 communica
tions h«J been received irom as many organ
izai)->r.y, represcT.tSnß ll.S«70 member*. in
io-.^.r.g the resolution*: that the San Krancitoo
Labor Council, r^prc-sentinp about 40,000 mem
beiF. had a!so given ltt indorsement; that up
to date the movement lisa received the indorst
tiient of £"2.4~(> citizens of this State and 377.5C0
c.utside the State, these numbers being continu
»lly on the incr«>ase; that the committee on
pui>!t<<ity and statistics had been instructed to
coni!:iunicate with the editors of the principal
labor journals relative to the publication of
matter i-elative to exclusion; lhat the secretary
had Ijoen inEtructed to sucmit something every
creek to the various labor exchanges to keep
the motter constantly before the public; that
the t-ommlttf-c on organization hp.d added nine
teen to the number of affiliated organizations;
that the monthly income of the league had
r<a-!ied $21S»; that Congressman Gillett had an
noun«.t?d squarely that h*> wafl in favor of ap
rlying ttie chines* exclusion law to the Japa
reV and Koreans; that Congressman McKln
lay had written that he was heartily in ac
cord with any movement along the line under
vrhlcb the leagut was working; that Congress
man lyeodham had written that the resolutions
cf t!i<» league would be given careful considera
tion by him. and that he hoped his stand when
the matter came up in Congress would be Fati*
factory.
The matter of excluding Japanese,
Chinese and Koreans from the public
schools was' brought up by Edward
Slarlatt and after some discussion the
executive board was instructed to use
vigorous efforts to bring this about.
E. B. Carr. the delegate from the Im
provement clubs, said, there was danger
of this serving as an entering wedge
for the division of the school funds, but
he made no objection to the action
taken.
v It was announced that a big meeting
of the friends of Japanese and Korean
exclusion would be held at the Alham
bra Theater soon.
1¥ A Diamond^,
|(. Gold Watch I
\\ $25:00 M^
1 Nothing Down 8
U If Yon Bring This Ad i
J] Quality Guaranteed |
6 The holidays are coming.
E Select your presents now. You [1
i| will be surprised how fast time P
rj will fly. li
i| Remember, you can exchange y
B your diamonds at full value for X
{ I a larger stone, or for Jewelry, |j
I j furs, suits, cloaks and furni- H
y ture of greater value.. O
I] If you can't call at our f|
I! rooms, just phone John 231 and IJ
j we'll send you a nice selection, y
fj \VE SEL.L EVERYTHING. H
lj . "^*UBV aa (wrcu &.MUKCT STJ. FJ
GBAXDS MAQASINS DC
LOUVRE
Pi DIC Tfce largest end most beau-niniC
I AMD tlfal In the world. i AKIO
WINTER SEASON
The GRANDS MAGASIJCS Dv IjOUVRE .of
Parle have the honor to inform tljelr Ameri-
can clients that the complete catalogue in Eng-
lish. French and Spanish languages has Just
appeared.
T*iis catalogue will be eeat postpaid. All
such persons who fca\-e not received the same
wj'.i .^I-aee write for It. addressing
Monnifnr Ie Dtrrcte'ur dea Grands Muk-
a&iu« da louvre, at Pnria. France.
All shipments amounting to 50 .francs and
above, j>&td fcr In advance, ar>«i which can be
cent by post will be sent free of cliarge In en-
tire, North America. Furniture, beddine,
household erticies. and. in general, all heavy,
much spaet occupying goods u-ill be sent free
lo Uic port of shipment.
Interpreters In All Laurutgei.
©ad way's
**\u25a0 " I .111 «*&, \u25a0 t-.-j-v
For the cure ef ail disorders of the Stuma-to.
Wver. B3«el« Kidney*. Bade-, FeTae I -
regularities. Sick Hfadicfce. l>llioasn.«i. Coa-
rt \u25a0.>»tjcn. Piles and alt deranzeu:enie of tfte
Internal Viscera. 25 cir.t* •* box. At Prut-
••Uts 1 . or by mall. RADWAY & CO- New To;k.
CLERGY SCORE ADMINISTRATION
FROM THE CHURCH PULPITS.
SAY SCHMITZ IS PROTECTOR OF MUNICIPAL VIOE
Reverend Larkin
Denounces the
Mayor.
Charges Him With
Breaking His
''Union Labor and Civic Fidelity" was
the subject of a, sermon on local condi- :
lions, by the Rev. F. M. L.arkln.,Ph. D.. at
Grace Methodist Church last night. He
took as the basis of his remarks the
words of the Prophet Amos, "Hate the
evil, love the good; and establish judg
; ment in the gate." He said in part:
This sermon needs no apology, thoutth it
calls for an explanation. The sentiment and
work urced by the prophet is .needed every
where and at all timrs. It is not partisan
among good people. We are passing through
a crisis In th« history of San Francisco. Who
ever is :o blame, it is clear to sec that
\u25a0While the rabble with its thumb worn creeds,
Iv lofty profession and its little deeds.
Mingle in the eelflsh strife, Lo'. freedom weeps,
Wronr rules the land, and wa tint Justice
Blt-Ci'S,.
Xo one can charge this pulpit with being
i aubservient to the rich or to the poor. Both
classes are ' in this chuich. and i' have not
j tailed to warn against- the selfish sreed of
\u25a0 the rich and the selnsh hate of the poor. And
I would have been spurned by these people
! as a coward had 1 not done so. . 'iV-jniKht 1
am to disc-u&s not political policies, but polit
; n-al righteousness. It It a duty I owe the
; public. Silence- would be . misunderstood at
thir time.
There are tome thines upon which we ate
i all aerefd. We all believe in civic fidelity.
j Faithtulneiw to our civic duties is demanded
' of alt. Without It our liberties will soon be
! come a myth, afcd we will be the dunes of
I demlcocuee and tyrants.
The weliare of the city Is even more im
i portant to the poor than to the rich. If the
j schools are poor the rich may sen^l their chil
i dren to private schools, .tout the poor must
i surter. If public sanitation is bad. the poor
I suffer most. Epidemics always are '*-orse in the
i sections of the cities where the pfor live, be
' cause sanitation is a matter of expense which
j the poor cannot provide for themselves. Neither
can they afford the necessary care in times
| of sickness which is always possible to wealth.
Bad officials are always of mor<! danKer to
' the Door than to the rich. The rich can buy
| their favor and they will not cease to plun-
U«r the ix>or. - -i-.
If the court* are corrupt, justl:e is made
impossible to the poor. In our present crisis
there is no policy Involved. It is simply a
question of honesty and dishonesty, a choice
between the evil and the good. "Hate the
evil, love the good and establish Judgment
In the gate."
AHE NOT IN THE DARK.
What are we to expect of Mr. Sohmitz after
four years of public service? We are not in
the dark as to the policy and character of
his administration. Has he proved himself
worthy of our trust and our vote*? V c are
not here to pick flaws and to throw fire
brands, nor to engage In the use of language
which borders on slander. We simply call your
attention as thoughtful people to racts which
cannot be controverted. .
When Mr. Schmitz took his oath of office
four years ago. he had the indorsement of the
Methodist ministers of this city. In February.
1902 I was chairman of the Ministerial As
sociation. I welcomed the newly installed
Mayor to our platform, and he spoke words
which received the hearty Indorsement of all
present, and it was my privilege and duty to
extend to him our thanks. He spoke strong
words and we had great hope for the moral
welfare of the city. How has he fulfilled the
prophecy ot that address? Let me call atten
tion to the simple facts of the administra
tloa as an answer. . '
When the Ingleside "Job" was put through,
he utterly betrayed his trust knowingly. Every
moral element In the city protested against that
iniquity. The people several years before had
expressed their disapproval by ballot, and the
institution was kept closed through the veto
° We* »ad" every reason to believe that Mayor
Schmitz was on the side of morality and de
cency. But no one will ever forget, who was
present that day. when twelve, of the Board
of Supervisors, abetted by the Mayor, fell
down at the feet of the president of the
jockey club.
It was indeed a humiliating sight. And no
one interested in the welfare of our city will
ever Torßet that this same Mayor, over the
petitions of the people, went Into a room alone
with that same president of the Jockey cluo
and signed the Iniquitous bill— a, bill that
produced -a most shocking reign of violation
of almost every command of the decalogue.
SVRRCVOER TO GAMBLING.
And I must not fcrget those who were re
sponsible with the Mayor for surrender to the
gambling element of our city.
When Mr. Brandensteln, as a member of the
Board of Supervisors, stated that we are not
the conservators of th« -morals of the com
munity and voted for that bill, he surrendered
his right to the votes of moral pecple. For ;
that is neither good ! law nor good morals.
When the following men voted for that bill
they also forfeited their fight to cur fran
chises, viz: Alpers, Bent, Boxton, Braunhart,
Connors. Curtis, D'Ancona, Eggers, Loughery.
Lynch and Sanderson. • And these men should
learn from the ballots of the people that they
do not always forjet.
Some time ago I epoke in this place on "Our
City's Shame." -It was at a time when the
administration was trying to fool the people
with Bpectacular reform. Wagonloads of
gamblers were carried through out city: later
Indecent penny arcades were raided and duly
advertised. But dlfl any one ever hear of the
conviction and punishment of these law break
ers? Two days were spent by a large number
of reputable citizens before* the Mayor's Po
lice Commission to stop tne licensing of more
ealoons on the boulevard. After the whole
question was examined the people were prom
ised' that no license sv-ould be granted. Later
It wm discovered that the man was allowed
to carry' on his place without a license for
three months and then without notice a li
cense was granted. ,
I* that what you call good government?
The actions of the Mayor and his boss dur
ing this campaign should turn every honest
man agalMt him. The attempt to place the
names of the party on the ballot three times
Is a trick' that a good man dare not lndors*.
The attempt for a man ! vrho !s notorious In
the management of the/Union Labor party to
walk Into the convention of another party and
try to control It in the interest of another party
Is demagoglsm that should be rebuked by an
honest citizen. The recent attempt to know
ingly violate the law of the State In placing
an amendment In an Illegal form !• too atro
cious to receive the silent acquiescence O f any
decent man.
APPEALS TO LABOR UNIONS.
Do labor union men wish an administration
of such a man? Do labor union men wish It
to be understood that they wish their way so
badly that, they are .willing to countenance
such dishonesty? You must remember the man
who wlll.rjob your neighbor will rob you when
it 1« to his advantage to do so.
We have been placed in a dilemma by Mr.
Schmitz and hie advisors, r. We are forced to
the conclusion that he Is a knave, a hypocrite
-w a fool, any one of which disqualifies him
for our franchises.
Our only alternative Is Mr. Partridge. He
has not been a public official. But he is a
man irell known in' this city. We know the
manner of his life from a boy. We know
not what he Trill do. but we know what we
may expect of him.. His character is above
reproach. He* Is absolutely free from leading
! irtringE. Tbe fanner of his nomination makes
' him a free man. and we know that . the other
rran has allowed his hands to be tied. I ap
peal to you as American citizens, that you
sell not your liberties for the promise of Il
legal administration in your favor. I appeal
to you in the name of the American Federa
tion of Labor, do not ti« your hands In favor
of this mess of potasre promised you by men
who hive tetrayed their public trust. Give
yourself in -abandonment to the right, and
I say with Lowell: \
' An 4 fcr success. I ask no more than this,
To bc?.r unflinchlnc witness to the truth. •
AH true whole men succeed. Fcr what is worth
Successes name, except It be the thought.
The Inward surety.- of carrying a noble purpose
To a noble end; although It means the gallows
or the block.
*Tis only falsehood that doth ever need
j Th«« cutwardshow.of gain to bolster her.
St. Aiptes' Cliurcb Benefit.
The parish of St. Agnes' Church, Fa
ther Slattery, pastor, has purchased
the entire seating capacity of . the Ma
jestic Theater for. Tuesday night for a
i benefit for' the 'church! "The County
Fair," with Frank Bacon In the leading
part, will be presented.
• \u25a0 » i — ; — ,
WAITERS' ANNUAL BALU— The ninth an
nual ball of the Pacific 'Coast Waiters* Asso
ciation will' be held at Native Sons' Hall on
n*xt Thursday evening.
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, QCT OBEK XZ, muo. .'
CITIZENS FIRST;
THEN UNION MEN
Reverend A. C' Bane Declares
That Labor Organizations
Ought Not to Be in Politics
Rev. A. C. JBane, D. D., pastor of the
Howard Street Methodist Episcopal
Church, addressed his' congregation on
"The Relation of Labor Unions to Civic !
Righteousness In This Campaign." ) He
said that, labor unions had no right to
take up politics, and impressed upon the
, congregation that they must be; citizens .
j-flrst and union men afterwards. After the
i meeting many of the union men stated j
that they had changed their ideas in ;
regard to the unions and in the coming \
election they would vote for good \u25a0 gov- !
ernment.
During the course of his address the
Rev. Mr. Bane said in part:
My sympathies are with the toiler; hie in- \
teresta are mine. My church is made up of
toilers. My Ssvior was a toller. The true
' Christian is always on the side of the weak
I and jioor. • \u25a0 ' !
Toilers have a right to form unions. I be
lieve labor unions have curbed .the sxlndlng
pewer of wealth and given better traces and
better hours to the laborer. In this 1 rejoice.
But remember - you are citizens first and
union men afterward. You should seek a good,
clean city government before you seek the po
litical advantage of jour union or your per
ponal advantage.
No man is a good citizen who encourage*
bad government, even though It puts money in
his pocket. Patriotism sinks personal Interests
for the public good. Won't your interests be
better served by an honest city government,
administered my men who won't offer nor
take a bribe than by an administration that
thrives on «raft?
HEIiP DEFEAT UNFAITHFUL.
\u25a0 You ought as good citizens for the % pubHc
good and for the tollera' good help defeat
men who have been unfaithful . to . the city,
and made ug a moral stench In the nostrils
of the decent world.
You union men are good citizens, but your
leaders are men the city can't trust. You
ouKiu to repudiate such leaders before the
people think you^are like them.
Where does the city's bOBs get his Interest
in the laborer? He 1b not one of you. He haa
nothing in common with you men who toil with
your hands. He is simply using you and the
unions for his personal gain. \u25a0
Labor unions are industrial organizations.
Your greatest mistake is going into politics.
That has made most of your enemies. The
American Federation of Labor and your most
conservative leaders oppose uniona going into
politics. It makes a clas9 fight. It arrays
men who toll against the men for whom they
toil. They pay you union wages and give you
union hours. Why shoi'M you set yourselves
against them in politics?
Labor and capital ought to be friends. You
are mutually dependent.
Candidates ought to be such that the em
ployer in his white shirt "and the laborer in
his blue overalls -xould go to the polls and
vote the same ticket for good government, and
you could in this city if the city's boss was
not making gain out of putting you into poli
tics and stirring up class hatred and strife.
For if there were no labor union party how
could Schmitz hold office end who would Ruc-f
boss? The old parties have cast them out.
DO NOT OPr-sE UNIONS.
But if you foolishly insist on having a party
and putting a class ticket in the field why
don't you select men in whom the people have
confidence? We do not oppose you. We do not
oppose labor unions. We oppose the men who
have misjrverned us and whom you have
chosen as your leaders. We would like to sup
port the laboring men, but we can't support
Mayor Ruef and his servant Schmitz.
I would oppose any man, combination or
i party that would undertake to injure the la
' boring man. I consider Schmitz and Ruef do
more to injure organized labor than any one
else in this city. If the Citizens' Alliance or
employers should organize an' employers' party
If the Citizens' Alliance under an assumed
name should undertake to injure the laboring
man. I would be the first man to oppose,. it as
contrary to the genius of American institutions
and as a breeder of etrlfe among those who
ought to be friends. But the Citizens' Alliance
is not running the fusion campaign. It is not
undertaking to injure labor in this fight. Mr.
Partridge does not represent the Citizens'. Al
liance. That is a false cry raised by the city's
toss to blind the laboring man to the real issue
graft — and make you laborers think your
unions will be destroyed If Partridge wins.
Partridge represents all classes of men and
trades, rich and poor alike, who want a clean
city. How could he Injure the toller? Could
he cut your wages or lengthen your hours or
prevent labor unions? No, it is nonsense. Mr.
Partridge. ! a poor man, honest and Just, will
be a better friend to you, controlling himself,
than will Mr. Schmitz, controlled by a selfish
political bo>;s.
While the present corrupt administration
is in power many capitalists refuse to invest
here. We can't sell our bonds for public im
provements. This works injury to the laborer,
for much of this money would go into 'your
pockets for honest toll. '
Can union men of families and Christian union
men support a man for Mayor who is supported
by all the low saloons, the gamblers, the ten
derloin, the thugs, the grafters, the boodlers
and hoodlums of the community? Ask your
selves why this crowd supports him. Is it not
because they are expecting favors from him?
Is not that bad company ror you? Schmitz is
the saloon candidate. They have indorsed him
ar.d work for him. That Is the best reason
why you should oppose him. The saloon is the
laboring man's worst enemy and eeems to be
Schmitz' s best friend.
Sai Francisco's reputation at home and
abroad Is bad. Rumors of scandal attach to
the administration. Immorality stalks abroad.
Crime seeme to> be encouraged and protected.
Who is responsible for the city's bad reputa
tion? .1 honestly believe it is, the man you.
have nominated for Mayor and the boss that
controls him.
I call on laboring men to help redeem our
city and restore .her good name, and throw
protection around your humble homes by voting
on November 7 for honest John Partridge.
GERMAN OFFICERS
AND CREW WORSHIP
Commandant Bahnke of the German
cruiser Falke and officers and crew wor^ 1
shlped yesterday morning at St. Markus
Lutheran Church, O'Farrell street, near
Frajiklln. They were escorted to the
church by the German Consul, F.Bopp,
and more than 100 members of the Ger
man Krleger Vereinl «
The church was crowded and the ser
vices, conducted by the Rev. Julius Fuen
delingr, the pastor, as usual followed close
ly the worship of the Evangelical
churches of Germany. :
As the visitors entered Johannes Raith,
the organist, played Bach's profound fuga
and the splendidly trained choir followed
with the hymn, "Thou Shepherd of Is
rael (BortnJansky), rendered without or
gan accompaniment. . '
Three of the most renowned German
hymns, "Come, Holy Spirit," "Put Your
rTrust in the Lord" and "Praise. the Lord,
ihe Mighty King of Glory," were taken up
by the full congregation..
The Rev. Fuendellng, during: his
sermon, said he felt Inclined to have a
plain, friendly, heart-to-heart talk with
his German brethren and cited the words
of Chancellor { Prince _ yon Buelow, who
had said: "The rising of, the new star in
the West was, alone welcomed at the' time
by Frederick the Great; and I wish as the
cltlzens'.of the German empire cordially
sympathize with "the"- struggles \u25a0 and
achievements ".- of : the great union' so the
German- Americans will : not' forget they
are one In, blood * with us."
I Mr. Fuendellng referred-to the day be
ing thei birthday, of the Empress of Ger
many, in> which all' rejoiced. In ex
tolling her virtues j and | charitable pur
poses he alluded to' her laudable -desire
that in the forthcoming celebration of her
silver wedding Instead |of gifts to her all
proofs ot loyalty: and love should be de
voted to the amelioration of the sufferings
of the rfoor. r '] \u25a0- '.".•.- :\u25a0'. .-.i-J- \ . \u25a0 :
Tho services closed .with the rendering
of thejiwenty-third psalm, "The Lord Is
My. Shepherd." by the choir, y
SCHMITZ SPEAKS
TO TEAMSTERS
Mayor Addresses Large Sun
day Afternoon Gathering
in Central Park Yesterday
Fully 2500 men and women gathered at
Central Park yesterday afternoon to hear
Mayor Schmitz and the other candidate of
the Union Labor party ticket discuss the
issues of the present campaign. The gath
ering was conducted under the auspices of
the International Brotherhood of Team
sters of San Francisco and was presided
over by Senator Frank Markey. George
Dillon was secretary. .
Mayor Schmitz discussed the questions
of the campaign along the lines which he
laid out in his first speech. He pointed
to the peace and prosperity of the past
four years and laid the credit at the feet
of the labor administration. He Insisted
that the coming election was a fight be
tween classes, claiming that the .Citizens'
Alliance was aligned against "the plain
people." He told of the organization of
the Union Labor party growing out of
the teamsters' strike and foretold a wage
earners' war and direful conditions should
the ticket bo defeated at the polls this
year. His estimate of his plurality was
20,000.
Carl' Browne, who marched with Cox
ey's army on Its wonderful journey to
Washington, was present at the .meeting
and drew off-hand sketches of prominent
public characters. He caused almost aa
much Interest as the Mayor's speech.
, The other speakers of the day were
Thomas Egan and George B. Benham. A
resolution condemning the Citizens' Al
liance and pledging the support of the In
ternational Brotherhood of Teamsters of
San • Francisco to the Union Labor party
ticket was passed.
BEPLOEES AN INSULT
TO NAVAL OFFICER
Key. Evaiis Eesents Kude
Treatment of Captain
MaJian.
"Trafalgar day" was observed at
Grace Church, California and Stockton
streets, yesterday evening when the
Rev. David Evans, the rector, preached
on the significance of the celebration.
The church was filled and among the
great assemblage of worshipers were
liis Britannic Majesty's Consul General
Courtenay Bennett and members ot
the following British societies: Pick
wick and Burnaby lodges of Sons ot
St. George, Britannia and Victoria and
Daughters of St. George. The pulpit
was draped with the stars and stripes
and union jack. -
During his sermon Mr. Evans took
occasion to deplore the insults offered
Captain Alfred Mahan by some roughs,
who had evidently purposely entered
Tremont Temple in Boston on Satur
day, where the distinguished American
naval officer and author was a guest
of the Victoria Club and was deliver
ing an address on the significance of
Lord Nelson's great victory.
The rector designated the disturbers
as ignorant because they, in their hat
red of England, Imagined that the cele
bration was simply national— for the
glorification of John Bull alone. They,
he said, lost sight of the true inward
ness ofMt, the fact that Trafalgar
saved not only England, but' Europe.
Speaking of President Roosevelt the
reverend gentleman said:. ,\
"The President of the United States
is a righteous man, eminently that.
'Righteousness and square dealing are
the very marrow of his bones. He
stands for doing the right thing, there
fore bis life bears fruit. He can't help
it any more than a tree planted by the
waterside can help bringing forth fruit
in due season." •
THREE MEN ARE INJURED
DV STREET CAR ACCIDENTS
James Sullivan, Frank Morris and
Michael Moore ' Are Victim*
of Fate.
Three men met with serious acci
dents yesterday from street' cars.
James Sullivan, who lives at 242 Twen
ty-second street, fell off a£j Potrero
bound car at Twenty-second street and
suffered a fracture of the right clav
icle. ~ \u25a0 . . -.'\u25a0-.
A similar mishap befell Frank Morris
of 405 Capp street while riding on a
Kentucky-street car. He accidentally
fell off the car and was seriously in
jured. His skull was deeply lacerated
and it may be fractured.
Michael Moore, a teamster living at
1204 Folsom street, suffered a deep
laceration of the scalp by being struck
by a Market-street car opposite
Eighth. Moore was under the Influ
ence of Intoxicants and while trying
to board a moving, car was knocked to
tho ground. Several inches of flesh
was torn from his scalp. Dr. O. C.
Kuclch of the Central Emergency Hos
pital did some surgical grafting to
cover the wound.
Pure Food and Burnett's Vanilla
are the same. Get Burnett's and take no risks.*
THIEF CONTINUES TO STEAL.-
FROM THE TENNIS COURTS
I Surprise I* Expressed That Goldea
Gate Park Police Are . Unable
\u25a0 to Detect Operator.
Surprise is expressed in police cir
cles that the thief who has been oper
ating among the lockers at the tennis
cour,ts in Golden Gate Park has not
been detected. The thefts have been
occurrlng-almost dally for jWeeks, but
the police seem unable to get a clew.
It is suggested .that if a man. in plain
clothes , wero detailed specially on , the
case there would be'a chance of either
putting a stop to the work of the thief
or capturing him or her. .
Miss Elizabeth Qrau, 1689: Geary
I street, is the; latest victim. She was
( playing In" the i courts from about noon
j on Saturday till 3 o'clock, .and- when
j she went. to her locker' she found that
I the padlock had been' forced off ,th«
i lock and 45 cents had been taken from
her purse. ,
Father Ignores Daughter.
Arthur - Shaw, < stprekeeper, ; Vancouv
er, 8. . C, father of Catherine, J. Shaw,
the youngr girl .who' was arrested at, the
Tiburon »ferry; on" afternoon
with, two men, who, she said, had been
advising -her, 'to enter,; a house of Ill
fame, ; will .have nothing 1 ;to do "': with
her. /Acting Captain "Reynolds sent a
dispatch I to ; him on S Saturday .' morning
asking ; what he should do with the
girl. ;,.-Hc'j, was informed "yesterday
morning. that Shaw had refused '\u25a0 to pay
for.the telegram or, to send. an 'answer.
The girl . was 'turned over to -George
Knowlton \u25a0; and his i wife. r who fpromlsed*
to Drocure a' situation for her
DEPOSITORS
CONSENT TO
LEAVE COI N
More, of Those Who Have
Money in United Bank and
Trust Company's Vaults
Agree Not to Withdraw
COMMISSIONERS TO
MEET THIS MORNING
Mu s t Receive Positive Guar
antee From Suspended Con
cern Before They Will
Let It Resume Business
To-day's events in the matter of the
United Bank and Trust Company, Mills
building, whose doors were closed Satur
day morning by order of the Bank Com
mission, will be watched with interest by
the business and flnr.ncial element In San
Francisco.
Whether the bank shall be permitted
to reopen, whether a receiver shall be ap
pointed, rests with the commission. From
statements made by a member of that
board, it does not seem that the Insti
tution will be permitted to resume with
out an almost complete revision of its
methodß and a strong guarantee that it
will not again lapse lnto_the way of do-
Ing business that the commission object
ed to. >
On the other hand the officers of the
bank declare that they are within the
law, that they have plenty of money and
that the institution will resume. At a
meeting of the depositors and stockhold
ers yesterday President Meyers practical
ly hurled defiance at the commission,
saying that if the stockholders would
stand by the officers the commission
could do the bank no harm. There was
talk of making a national bank out of
the institution.
A committee of seven was appointed
at the meeting to take chr.rge of the
money left by depositors who had agreed
not to withdraw their funds from the
bank, until the trouble was settled.
'MEIERS' FEEL.IXC.J HURT.
The depositors and stockholders of the
suspended bank held another meeting in
the offices of that institution yesterday
afternoon and about twenty additional
depositors signed agreements not to with
draw their, deposits until the bank could
pay its oustandingr bills, provided the
Bank Commission would allow the bank
to continue. r'A suggestion was made that
should the commission refuse to allow
the bank to reopen under the State laws
arrangements would be made to make it
a national bank and thus take it out of
the hands of the State authorities.
President Meyers addressed the stock
holders and again told the history of
the bank for the benefit of those who
were not present night before. : He
said that the only bone of contention was
the promissory notea accepted for stock,
which were payable on the building and
loan plan. None of these notes will reach
$1000 and most of them run from $100 to
$750. He said that the Bank Commission
believed these notes were good and had
Issued a license upon them.
Last Friday, says Meyers, Commission
er Blackstock informed him that the
commission would ask the Attorney Gen
eral's advice about the matter. "When
Meyers went to the bank at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning he found the commis
sion-in charge. He said he felt hurt to
think the commission had taken the step
it had without giving the officers warn
ing, and in conclusion said, "If you will
stand by us, we can go ahead and they
cannot stop us."
' STATEMENT OF FINANCES.
At the conclusion of Meyers' address one
of the stockholders suggested that. In
case the commission should refuse to al
low them to go ahead, they could apply
to the Government for permission to be
a national bank. The suggestion was
Immediately taken up and the officers
stated that, .in their opinion, such a
thing would be possible, as they i had a
sufficient amount of money on- hand to
establish a national bank.
According to the figures given out at
the meeting yesterday the . finances of
the bank are as follows: Total amount
of stock subscribed, $206,618; stock fully
paid, $62,105; notes given on stock, $117,
760 60; amount paid on notes, $28,342 60;
amount to be paid to .date, $90,507..
A committee of seven was appointed to
take charge of, the funds left there by
depositors who have signed the agree
ment , not -to' withdraw until all matters
are. finally settled. The committeemen
are Colonel J. B. Fuller, L. H. Moise, C.
H. Sherman, W. F. Helbing, Captain E.
"W. yon Christensen. Martin Meyers and
G. A. Blank.
Another meetings will be held at 8
o'clock to-night' in the assembly, room of
the. Mills building-
A member of the Bank Commission la
reported to have said that the facts given
out, while deemed sufficient for the ac
tion taken, do not tell all the tala of the
Institution's improper methods. He said
that there was a~great deal that the com
mission did not care to make public at
this timerbut which would doubly show.
the- wisdom of the commission In closing
the Institution when it did become known.
H« was severe in his criticism of the
methods employed and said the bank had
After Years of. Experience, Advises Women in
Regard to" Their Health.
eating and frequently become V- v«ia
nauseated. I had an acrid .discharge and ness, faintness, lassitude, excitability,
pains down through my limbs so 1 could irritability, nervousness, sleepless-
hardly walk. It was as bad a case of female ness melancholy, "all-crone" and
trouble as I .haye «w knowi^ Lydia E. ..^nt-to-be-left-alone 1 ' feelings, blue*
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, however, ", r \u25a0, „«,„ \u2666*,_._ c v._~i/i „_.-,
cured me within four months. Since that and hopelessness, they should remem-
time I have had occasion to recommend it to ber there is one tried and true remedy,
a number of patients suffering from all Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Cora-
forms of female difficulties, and I find that pound at once removes such troubles,
while it is considered unprofessional to rec- , , • . \u0084 , . ..
ommend a patent medicine, I can honestly other female medicine in the
recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable world has received such widespread
Compound, for I have found that it cures and unqualified endorsement. No other
female ills, where all other medicine fails. It medicine has such a record of cures of
is a grand medicine for sick women." female troubles.
Money cannot buy such testimony as The needless su ff er ing of women from
this- merit .alone can produce snch re- diseases peculiar to their sex is terrible
suits, and the ablest specialists now £ he m which th to
agree that Lydia E Pinkham's V*ge- d t who do n £ t hel them is an
regular, suppressed or painful men- *^ v
Btruation, weakness, leucorrhcea, dis- It is well for women who are ill to
placement or ulceration of the womb, write Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, M3?j4
that bearing-down feeling, inflamma- In her great experience, which covers
tion of the ovaries, backache, bloat- many years, she haa probably had to
ing (or flatulence), general debility, in- deal with dozens of cases just like
digestion, and- nervous prostration, or yours. Her advice is free and confi-
are beset with such symptoms as dizzi- dential.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound Succeeds Where Others Fail.
been given the fullest warning, but had
shown no disposition to 'change its
methods.
OTHER BANKS WERE WARNED.
Other banks throughout the State had
been found pursuing the same methods,
the Commissioner said, but upon warn
ing had changed their ways and had not
been Interfered with. The methods most
complained of were extremely dangerous,
he said, and could not tfe allowed to con
tinue, as they menaced the interests of
every one whose money was held by the
banks pursuing them.
The statements of the Bank Commis
sion make It appear that the suspended
bank was carrying on business after the
fashion of the big life insurance compa
nies of New York that were found, upon
investigation, to have loaned money to
officers and directors and to companies
whose directors also served \ upon the
boards of the insurance companies mak
ing the loans— passing around in the fam
ily the money the people turned In, as
it were.
One of the most serious charges made
openly by the Bank Commission against
the United Bank and Trust Company is
that in regard to the subterfuge it is al
leged to have ! adopted when told by the
commission that it could not accept
promissory notes as payment for stock
Issued. It Is then alleged to have loaned
the purchasers of. stock money with
which to make these purchases and then
taken notes in security, hoping thus to
evade section 560 of the Penal Code,
which .says: "It shall be a misdemeanor
for a director of a corporation to receive
any note In payment of any installment
actually called in and required to be paid
on the corporate stock."
OAKLAND, Oct. 22.— Bank Commis
sioner C H. Dunsmoor, when seen to
night at his home, 656 Thirty-fifth street,
said: "At this time I am unable to say
whether or not the United Bank and
Trust Company will be allowed to re
open for business to-morrow, and I will
not know until after the meeting between
the Commissioners and the officials of
the bank, which will be held at 9 o'clock
to-morrow morning. At that time final
action will be taken. The' commission is
prepared to consider any proposition sub
mitted by the officials of the bank which
will ' insure the payment of depositors,
and If the bank officials are prepared to
offer, any. settlement which is reasonable
favorable action will be taken. There
has been no meeting of the commission
and the offlcen of the bank to-day and
the affairs of the institution are In ex
actly the same condition, so far as the
Commissioners are concerned, aa they,
were when the bank was ..ordered closed.
I "There Is no doubt that the bank peo
ple will 'submit some proposal to \u25a0 the
Bank Commission to-morrow, but I am
in absolute ignorance as to their plans.
I have seen none of the officers of the
bank to-day, and have r-ceived no mes
sage from any of them r«garding an ad
justment of the difficulty. No matter
what the final solution of the trouble
may be, the commission will see that .the
interests of the depositors are amply
protected." j .
Dr. Tfnvmrd Cameron.
Eye. ear, nose, throat specialist, has returned.
Office at 21S Stockton »t.. iJana butMing. •
Zlon Helpers Hold Jleetlnff.
The San Francisco branch of t c
Z!on Helpers' Association held its reg
ular meeting: last night in Benevolent
Hall, B'nai B'rith building. The hall
was packed to its full capacity. An
unusually attractive programme was
rendered. Good speakers . talked of
"Palestine for the Jews."
|
& CO.
118 FOURTH STREET
TELEPHONE HOWARD 1959. f /*
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
FREE! FREE!
1 LARGE PACKAGE
DR. " PRICE'S FOOD
(Same as force.)
With each purchase of SI.OO worth of
Groerrle* (Monday onlj).
Assorted Fruit. 2%-lb. cans la Syrup,
can ..5c
V,*hlle they last. VTorth 13c
Laundry Starch, l-lb. package, each. -5c
Reg. 10a.
JO lbs. Best Granulated Suxar. ... .91.00
With orders.
Watrr v White Honey Comb .10c
Reg. 15c.
Vulcan Hatches. 12 boxes 5c
Reg. 10a.
Best Eastern Susar-Cured Bacon,
lb 15c
Reg. ISc
Choice Creamery Butter, square 40c
Reg. slz«. •; < n
Good Egffi, all warranted, dozen. .. .33c
Reg. 40c.
Evaporated Cream. larxe can. ...... .5«
" . , WhO* tfc*r last. •
I.arse ' bottle Salad Oil 1 ........ r .... 150
Reg. 20c ../.; .
4 can* Alaska Salmon 23c
Reg. 10c can. \u25a0,
3 cans Baltimore Oystera.. ....23c
Reg. , 10c can.
Choice Potatoes, 5ack. ........... .9XJM
>^ -Perfect Fitting AffS
jT/V EYE /Q
<P GLASSES W\
& $2.50 IT]
A Broken Lanses re- V-j
placed 50c -' '
FOR SHERIFF
Peter J. Curtis
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE. ?
PILES! PILES!
MACS IXFALLIBLE PILE CURE =
CURES ALL CASES BLLV^k.
BLEEDING. ITCHING AND PROTRUI3«
ING PILES; cases of many years* stand-
ing-cured by a single. box; price. 50
cents. A. McBOYLE & CO.. DRUGGISTS.
'504"W&«hin»t/»n SO Saa Francijco,