-r^six^ f/«rtvlT* I 3 * i> * 1\7V TIT T r T A <) /^\*i T^ To T O"TTA"T£J • # * * O \u25a0• T 1^ •
,THE WEATHER. ' * .
For*ce»t tr.ade at Fraroi'sco for
thirty hour* enfltns mfilntKht July BJ.:
Saa.a^uaiclerfo «a 4 Fopgy
Monday mot-nlcg 1 . becoming fair during
the day;. fresh w«st wind.
; » j. n.
Local *Fcr«caster, ;
fc - 1 . - \u25a0 \u25a0*\u25a0:'.'\u25a0
Tenaperaxlly In CharK«.
VOLUME' XCVIII-KN T O./<u;
NOVELIST
OCCUPIES
JAIL CELL
Hamlin Garland in
Colorado Prison
Three Hours.
Goes In for Color for a
Story, but Gets More
Than He Wants.
Forgetful Turnkey. Neglects
to Release the Author
When Desired.
Special Dispatch to The CaU.
COLORADO SPRINGS, July SO.—
Locked in a cell in the State peniten
tiary next, to a man condemned to
death, Hamlin Garland, the author, who
was in search of color for a new story,
g-ot more of it than he wanted, for
the turnkey was absent-minded and
<Jariand did not get out for hours from
the cell which he intended to occupy a
few minuies. The condemned man in
tRe next cell cursed volubly and once
yelled to Garland:
"What bloody murder are you in for?
When are they going to stretch your
neck?"
Garland arrived here a few days ago
and secured a letter from the El Paso
County. Sheriff to the Warden of the
penitentiary at Canyon City. Arriving
there yesterday, he had a prison sup
per, heard many "stories of escapes and
\u25a0wild experiences and then decided to
ppend some time in a cell. He was
looked up in a dark one/ After what
teemed an interminable period he was
rel^a^ed by the turnkey, who frankly
admitted that he had forgotten his
voluntary prisoner. Garland was in
tjie cell three hours.
\u25a0 While Garland was in the cell a ter»'
rifle explosion occurred, which the
novelist would have sworn shook th«s
foundations of the penitentiary. It was
a thuncerbolt, but Garland .did not
know it until two hours after. There
was a scurrying of guards, whispered
inquiries around guarded windows and
then all was still as death. The stories
that Garls^id had beard two hours be
fore about explosions, narrow escapes
and murders ran riot in the darkness
before his eyes and for two hours he
had a chance to gather much "local
color."
Some time later to his cell came the
night captain. The huge door opened
and Garland was free. The thunderbolt
had not done any damage other than
to disturb the nerves of the writer and
to give him a practical picture which
he will never forget. Garland went
into the mountains last night for more
color. . . .
MILLIONAIRE'S
PROPERTY FOR
STENOGRAPHER
Contest Over Albert
.Johnson's Estate
Is Ended.
Special DUpatch to Th» CalL
MINNEAPOLIS. July SO.— Through the
dismissal of proceedings in the District
Court Miss Edna Dickerson, a Chicago
stenographer, came into undisputed pos
session of the estate of Albert Johnson,
the late Minneapolis millionaire. Upon
stipulation between Asa Johnson, brother
of the deceased, and Miss Dlckerson the
District Court appeal. from the order ad
mitting the will to probate was dismissed
and a judgment affirming the order of
the probate . court was entered. The
special administrators were discharged
and letters issued to Miss Dlckerson as
unprotested executive. .
Miss Dlckerson was the sole legatee
named m the will. Dr. Johnson con
tested the will on the ground that his
brother was of unsound mind and had
been unduly influenced by his Chicago
friend. During a protracted hearing the
contest failed to produce any evidence
of Insanity or undue influence and the
will was ordered admitted to probate.
The contestant appealed and preparations
have been going on for what promised to
be a hard-fought lawsuit.
The cause for the dropping of the case
is not stated in the stipulations and
neither the attorneys nor tfcsir principals
would consent to be interviewed on the
subject.
The estate consists of between 52,000,000
and $3,000,000.
Negro Murderer Captured.
ItOANOKE. Va.. July 30.— Cephas
Poindexter, the negro moonshiner, who
shot and killed United States Deputy
Marshal Z. T. Wade, in Franklin Coun
ty, on Wednesday, while the officer was
attempting to arrest him for illicit dis
tilling, was captured to-day twenty
miles south of lioanoke. lie was Lur
ried to this city an«* olaced in jail to
prevent a lynching; .. ,
The San Francisco Call.
OIL TRUST
WILL HAVE
BIG RIVAL
Producers in the
Southwest Form
a Merger. /
E C. Frick's Bankers
Assist in Financ- v
ing the Deal.
Daily Output oo r the Com
bine's Wells Ten Thou-/
'sand Barrels.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. July 30.—Negotia
tions pending In Pittsburg for several
days for the absorption of important oil
interests in Kansas and Indian Territory
have virtually been completed. These
will give the Mellons, bankers, with
whom H. C. Frlck is- closely associated,
control of the most powerful petroleum
company, independent of the Standard,
In the West,, and will make ; them , the
greatest rival of the trust. A big line
of options will expire on August 5 and
It is expected they will be taken up.
Leading independent Kansas "• operators
have been in Pittsburg for several days
to effect a merger of their interests.
The capital of the new company will
be $20,000,000. of which $7,600,000 ; will be In
3 per cent bonds, which the Mellons are
arranging to have financed at the Union
Trust Company at par. The stock will
mount to $17,600,000, of which $6,000,000
will be*7 per cent preferred shares and
511,500,000 common stock. It is said the
Mellons will receive $8,000,000 at . par and
.1,000.000 of the preferred for. their work
n collecting options and financing the
company. This will -give them a clear!
najority of the stock- Of the remainder,
2.000JQ00 itnd-Ji.OWXrt -will bo applied: to.
Ec"Tstu-chase of the various properties
vhlch Mellon " experts have gauged at
0,000 barrels of production aMay.
Seven million five , hundred thousand
lollars In cash received from bonds will
>c applied to cash payments on the
)roperties and the building of a big 6-lnch
jlpeline from Chanute to Port Arthur:
*> the building of tankage for 3,000.000
jarrels of oil and for a working capital.
!t is estimated the pipeline will cost $5000
i mile, making the total outlay for this
purpose $3,250,000.
CARLTON ADMITS
FOUR MARRIAGES
Alleged Brooklyn Bluebeard
May Be Indicted for Big-^
amy on His Own Admissions
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, July 30.— Although for
two weeks he steadily denied that he
had ever traveled under an alias or was
married more than twice, Frederick Carl
ton, the alleged Brooklyn Bluebeard, to
day owned that his real name was Me-
Candless with Martinez and Cartier as
aliases, and that he had had four wives.
Inspector Cross 6ays he has had six.
Carlton declares that only one of his
wives is living in New York State at
present and said as the police had been
unable to find her, he felt practically
safe. The woman he admits he married
as Martinez, Is Mrs. Etta Kingey of Gor
don, Ala. Inspector Cross is bending his
energies to find Willetta S. Bird, to
whom Carlton acknowledges he was mar
ried in this borough. She Is believed to
be In the city now. Carlton has made
an affidavit to an insurance company
that he was married to Elinor Vande
venter, • recently from jail. The Grand
Jury will be asked to Indict Carlton for
bigamy on his own admissions as soon
as the girl is found. Carlton said to
day:
"I went from Fort Barancas to Gordon,
Ala., to get married. I brought the
woman to New York City. When we
parted we were good friends. They are
right about that other marriage, the Bird
girl, f but they haven't been able to find
her. They have me married to a woman
in St. Louis and a Rochester/woman,
but that Is a mistake. It is true I was
dishonorably discharged from the army,
that was for desertion, once as McCand
less and once as Martinez. But -I have
an honorable discharge for disability as
Frederick Carlton. My record in the
navy is good. Carl ton is now my. legal
name. It was , McCandless, but I had it
changed by the court in Ohio. My cousin
and double called himself Cartier and I
have used that name too. I was in the
army as Carlton, Martinez and McCand- ,
less." ; - ' : . \u25a0/-\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0" •- "\u25a0 \u25a0
Experiments are being made in inocu
lating rabbits with tetanus germs taken
from the brains of Edward Johnson," who
died of tetanus on Saturday. These ex
periments will enlighten the officials who
are trying to prove that Carlton inocu
lated his wife, Mary Carlton, with . te
tanus germs.
Root Will Visit Labrador.
UTICA. N. V.. July 30.— Secretary of
State Root and Colonel Sanger, formerly
Assistant Secretary of War. accompa
nied by Mr. Root's sons/ Elihu Jr. and
Edward, to-day left Utica.. for Montreal.
From _there they will go to j St. Johns
and from there wiir sail. for Labrador.
They expect to be absent a montb.
LIGHTNING
KILLS SIX
IN GOTHAM
Twelve Injured in
'"Big Thunder
storm;
Five Struck Deaden a
Crowd lat^Baths at
Coney Island. 'i
People-Had Sought Shelter
Under House When Bolt
Fell Among ThenL v : :
NEW YORK, July -30.— During a
thunderstorm 'of s terrific intensity .which
passed over Ne\? York this afternoon five
persons were struck by, lightning and in
stantly killed and nine were seriously h^
juredat the. Parkway Baths, Coney Isl
and. ?'•\u25a0 At ;; the • same "time ' one man was
Hlled r and - three . others prostrated at'
Gravesend, Beach. , Those killed: >\u25a0
GEORGE DUNWQODIE, Buffalo.
JACOB '.FRANKEL',- Manhattan. .
ROBERT F. WASCH. Bronx Borough.
CHARLES BENNERLE, Brooklyn.
FRANK BENNERLE,' Brooklyn.
,'. HENRY RANSWEILER. Brooklyn. -
The injured: David : Wills, James Dunne,
-Tina Christlansen,, 4 Harry Krohn, \u25a0 Clara
Thiel, Mary LV'Curley. Isaac Raafe and
wife, Amelia Schbn; William Ransweller;
John Apple, Daniel". McCauley, all. of
Brooklyn. \u25a0 ' . .
. The . intense he^t of the morning j at»
tracted-a great -multitude to , the- shore
resorts and late -in • the afternoon • when
the storm ,k, k blew ' up . from j the j westward
the park i and; beach were thronged with
, bathers and spectators. The rain descend
ed in- torrents. of men, women
and S| children I sought, shelter .under ;the
r big *^whUin^jls > releva.ted>&boye"
the sand oh' piresf'The. lightning was in
cessant^ and' terrific \u25a0 thunderclaps shook
the bathhouse to the terror of the crowd
huddled together beneath it.
A few minutes 'before 5 o'clock a' bolt
struck the flagstaff and : grounded in the
very thickest (of the crowd. \u25a0 Nearly fifty
persons were prostrated and the crowd
rushed out into the storm. Those who
had remained in the water were also
panlcstricken- and |ran in all directions,'
Eot daring to enter the bathhouse, which
appeared to be. oh fire.
Ambulances were summoned from thie
nearest \u25a0 hospitals and* on their arrival
five persons were found dead and nine un
conscious under the' bathhouse. The
bodies of all were scorched by. the electric
fluid. The nine injured were removed to
a hospital,*- where It was said that some
probably would die. Many persons less
seriously hurt were taken home by
friends. A slight . fire in the bathhouse
was quickly extinguished by the rain.
, About the same time Henry Ransweiler
was struck and killed. while under a tree
at Gravesend Beach and his son William,
with John Apple . and Daniel McCauley,
were rendered unconscious.
Lightning struck at various . points in
the city.. -A store^ on' Flushing avenue,
Brooklyn, was burned and a car on Sixth
avenue, Manhattan, was set on fire, but
the occupants ' escaped unhurt.*- •-.
The electric light and the telephone
wires In Bellevue . Hospital were struck
several , tlines, extinguishing all the lights
and causing much alarm among the pa
tients. • •* • \" \u25a0;
ESCAPES FROM
MOB IN AUTO
Angry Neighbors of Oregon
Young Man Attempt to Mob
Him for Beat ing His Spouse
\u25a0 \u25a0 - . *° \u25a0* • \u25a0
Special " Dispatch to Tbo Call.
g PENDLETON. Or.. July 30.— Edwin
Swltzler, a well-to-do young man of this
city, yesterday -morning pulled his :wife
out of bed and beat her shamefully. \ The
wife sought' refuge on the; street, but
Switzler followed her up and began to
beat her; and. pull out her hair. Neigh
bors finally^ came to the rescue of the
woman and* Switzler narrowly - escaped
being mobbed.'
;He saved his life by jumping Into . an
auto and : riding out ; of town. In r the af
ternoon a' complaint against Switzler was
filed by the =; District Attorney ' and ; the
case was set for t Monday morning. The
wife Is! prominent -.in social and' club
circles • here. ,-. , . ' v ;
/At 11:30; o'clock last, night papers for a
divorce I were filed with the County Clerk
by J. A: Fee, attorney for; Mrs..; Switz T^
ler. The complaint recites ; numerous al
leged . base acts of the' husband.
General Booth Returns to England.
: LONDON,- July? 3o.— General Booth of
the ; Salvation i Army/ returned 7 to/Eng
land \u25a0 to-day . from his trip to ; Australia.
He "i ls ; -in : excellent > health! /, General
Booth tOrmorrow; will start on; a 2000
mileimotor tour. . ; : .
Premier Balfour Will Hold On.
LONDON, / July. ;3l.^-The. Daily Tele
graph' 'makes ; the authoritative/ an
nouncement that Parliament- will ; riot be
dissolved; this? ; year I unless the; Govern
ment be again' defeated before proroga' 1 :
tioa'-/ /\u25a0\u25a0:/\u25a0 ; : :. O. ; /^-.V:^,^S-<f
SAN: HrAnQISGO, -MONDAY JULY 31, 1905/ .;
LUTHER BURBANK REVEALS HIS
ONE CROWNING AMBITION.
GREAT ; CALIFORNIA?* WHO 'HOPES TO -SEE THE 'PERFECTION OF- THE
• HUMAN 'RACE,, PHYSICALLY. MORALLY AND .SPIRITUALLY. THROUGH
"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0' THE SCIENTIFIC TRAINING OF CHILDREN.: Co'.: \u25a0}\u25a0\u25a0,-.-' • \u25a0'.-\u25a0
TWO SHARKS
HARPOONED IN
OYSTER BAY
Killed Near the Beach
.Where the Roose
velts Bathe. -
\u25a0i \u25a0 \u25a0
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OYSTER BAY, N. V., July 'SO.— While
fishing for bass within a short distance
ot President Roosevelt's private landing
In Oyster ; Bay yesterday Dr. \u25a0 \u25a0 James So
Hall of this village saw protruding from
the water the fin of a shark. The doctor
and Howard Leich of Oyster Bay/.', who
was with him,\ immediately put off from
Ills launch in a rovrboat to shore, where
they f procured a. harpoon. Upon their re-,
turn to the launch they found the shark
still sunning itself in the warm, shallow
•water near the bathing, beach. They at-;
tached a long lino to the harpoon and
rowed veryiquletly toward- -the fish.' , : ;
As tlie shark, started' to rapidly dart
away the doctor plunged the. harpoon
with full force into the, water and caught
the monster just behind the head. In
its frantic efforts to get away: it -towed
the rowboat for some : distance, ; leaving
behind a trail of blood. .Lashing, the
sea it was dragged by tRe -. doctor . and
Mr.; Leich to ""the \ beach, where ".,• it was
found to, be a shark- of sa dangerous
variety, and to measure about eight feet
In length. It was ; the largest shark ever
killed -in -the viclnity ; of Oyster, Bay.- .
/While returning to the launch the doc
_tor saw, and harpooned \u25a0 another \ shark,
which v was not full grown. ; The, doctor's
exciting experience and .the fact that the.
sharks , were killed; in close .proximity to
several j bathing beaches, including K the
one . upon ! which. President- Roosevelt j and
his / family are wont - to 1 ' disport ; them
selves/" have- caused Dr. - Hall to •• make
preparations . for - a shark hunting ij ex-;
peditlon, on , which he will be accompanied
by several friends, all armed. with har
poons: and all intent upon ridding" the
bay of these monsters. , * " '\u25a0-,
WOMAN FOUND ? GUILTY
OF MANSLAUGHTER
Shoots Companion Who Was
About to Leave -
MONTPELIpR, - k Idaho, • July ; 30.— Thie
jury, in the^case of : Mrs. Caddie-Shupe,
ori\ trial :" for the' murder of 'Arthur ..Doug
las at her: home lnsParls, Idaho^ oVthe
night of -July, 1,/ brought" in; a yerdic^to^
day . of manslaughter with "a* recomriiend-_
ation for: mercy.- The case /went -to the
jury 7 late : Saturday 'afternoon.' \u25a0 g.
Douglas I was? a ; bartender^ and - lived cat
the home of Mrs; Shupe.r On : the night: in
question he told Mrs. 1 Shupe - he* did "; not
intend" to : live;* with iher; any " longer. . She
pleaded ,with r liini ; npt-to leave her. /While
he : was i In - the'; act's of J bathing, I he c/was
shotr the< bullet t entering , near. fc the J heart
and • causirigSlnstant ? deaths :' vMrs.f Shupe
maintained-. that* Douglas 'shot* himself. »
GIRL LEADER
OF BANDITS IS
UNDER ARREST
One Member of Band
Shot Through the
Heart.
Special Dispatch to Tha CalL
BENNINGTQN, Vt., July SO.-A re
minder of the I ' old Jesse James In the
wild : West comes to the Green Mountain
State in the arrest of an eighteen-year
old girl .bandit," who appears to have led
a • gang of "outlaws who have terrorized
some of the back towns for. weeks. "She
Is: in custody of Sheriff Wilson of Ben
.-.nington -County. One member of her
band, who is believed- to have .been 11.
Ross of ' Boston, was ; shot, through "the
heart by his Tnates, who, in 5 , the darkness
of the underbrush, mistook him for-an
officer. > Two l others of the gang are be
ing pursued; through the, forest near the
mountain' towns 'of Rupert and Dorest bj*
six. sheriffs /and a posse of"slxty> armed
farmers. . /.. = \u25a0/-'.* ; -.. -••.'\u25a0-
\ The glrl t .under arrest is rather pretty,
but is, thoroughly hardened and refuses
to 'give the .officers • any . information.
What little she says indicates that she
planned the raid on Rupert, East Paw
lett and East. Rupert, and kept the camp
while j the men were, away. They were
surprised in camp through' a boy berry
picker, who guided j the posse.
W. G. IRWIN BUYS
BONDSOF HAWAII
Purchases Six Hundred
\u25a0 Thousand l)pllarsu Worth (
of Securities.
Special Cable tOiThe, Call and New York Her
- ; aid. Copyright, \u25a0•. 1905. by the New York
' Herald Publishing . Company. '\u25a0\u25a0>'. .
HONOLULU, -July 30.— William G.
Irwin, the San; Francisco arid Honolulu
capitalist,. has purchased $600,000 worth
of , the Hawaiian 4 , per ccn t bonds. V, By
the terms. of the deal the bonds are re
deemable here r.at 101 %;'-.: Allowing -for
'exchange,-- the price Is .103.82. Acting
Governor Atklnsonclosed the deal," pre
ferring that local capitalists-should con
trol the finances : of the Territory. The
bidding: for. the ibonds, both.- here and on
the /mainland./ has'j revealed the great
strength of the credit of the islands. '
•\vo3ian; coughs up a frog
and her long illxess ends
' V^'ILKESBARRE, Pa., July x So.— After
suffering -for some weeks withCanUH-*
ness/which - baffled : physicians. /Mrs.
Bridget'Marigari" of Minooka.last;-even
ing ' coughed \u25a0 up ; a . frog. The r frog was
four, inches long.'// '/. ;* r ./,.; \u25a0/ \u25a0 ;-_<
v Mrs.iMangan^has suffered from severe
pains in, the, stomach 5 for 'several weeks.
Six i days i ago '*: she ;/ suffered / , constant
thirst' v and -; Dr, ; : Haggerty .gave/ her -an
emetic. J She. ; vomited a smair*frog. It
was/dead:/ /\u25a0/„/." /\u25a0'
' Dr."<Haggcrty sa>*s she {must . "have
swallowed the frogs in drlriking water."
. ';\u25a0\u25a0 . : THE TTTEATEM.
ALCAZAR —"Th» Forttu»« of "tJi^
.Klnr." .
CHUTES^>eclalUt». *v - # •.'•'*"
CENTRAIj-^"Ti^ Cattto'^imr>
C9L.UMBIA— "Weather .Beatea Bea
' ion-". • ' •_ „ \u25a0 • .
GRAND — "Joseph inl'Zrrpt.'*
MAJESTIC— "Dora Thorne."
Vaudevin*.
TTVOLI—' f ßob Roy." 4
• - . • . \u25a0 . \u25a0 '.
fT'HE one great ambttion of Luther Bur
:^ bank is to apply to the rearing of chtl
% drenthe scientific principles wttb which he
has wrought miracles with plants. This tbe
famous Californian announced in an inter
. view with Rev. Dr. James W. *Lee of St.
Louis. Mr. Burbank asserted his belief
that every person could become physically^
, spiritually and morally perfect^ if subjected
to the same care and training that he was
giving to plants. Tbe natures of growing
children , he said, should be brought into rela
tion with all the elements in their environment
; to which they were potentially responsive.
Sage of Santa Rosa Would Make
Human Race Physically and-
Morally Perfect.
BELIEVES IT CAN BE DONE
\u25a0THROUGH PROPER TRAINING
Miracles Gould Be Wrought as
v Readily in Child Rearing as
of Plants \u25a0
- —^ Special IMspntch to Tbe Call.
ST. *LOUIS, July.jo— Luthtr Burbahk. the- famous California horticul
turist, declares that the great "object and^aim of his life h to apply to the
training of children those' scienttfic:~i3eas .which he has so successfully
..employed in working miraculous transformations in plant life.
This phase of the great naturalist's character; hitherto kept secret
from the world at large, was revealed in a recent interview with Rev. Dr.
James W. Lee, pastor of St. John's Southern Methodist Church, whp re
turned yesterday from a trip to Santa m>sa, Cal., whither he went for
an interview with Mr. Burbank. / # . ;
Dr. Lee says that Burbank has 2500 Visitors a year, but-he does not
see more than' one-fifth of them. .
"My time is worth $2.50 an hour," M^ri Burbank said to Dr. Lee.
/ The clergyman told Mr. Burbank that he had referred to the latter's
'work in an address at Portland and had expressed the wish that he might
introduce into the method of rearing children some of the scientific ideas
that Mr. Burbank was applying every day to the improvement of plants.
Dr. Lee says that Mr. Burbank's eyes immediately flashed and he replied:
"That is the great object and aim of my life."
Fatal Ignorance in Training Children.
Dr. Lee was astounded<at the unexpected reply. of Mr.'Burbank. as he
had presumed. that the latter was completely 'wrapped up in his studies
of plants. Continuing, however, Mr. Burbank declared that plants, weeds
and trees were responsive to a few influences in their' environment, but^
that children were infinitely more responsive, and the failure to recognize
the fact of the spiritual elements in the environing conditions of chil
dren had been the fatal lack in dealing with them.
Dr. Lee asked Mr. Burbank if he was familiar with the works of
Thomas J. Barnardo of London, who has educated some 60,000 waif chil
dren in. the ninety-three homes which he has founded in various parts of
I England, with the result that only 2 per cent . of them have turned^out
bad. . Mr. Burbank' replied that he had 'studied Barnardo's methods of
rearing children, and that the latter was doing in the realm of human life
what he (Burbank) was doing in' the realm of plant life.
Humanity to Enter Upon New Existence.
"Barnardo," he continued, "has demonstrated that infinitely more
can be done with children than with weeds and plants. AVhenever human
beings recognize these realities in the realms of human life and begin to
apply scientific principles to the Uraining of children, then humanity will
enter upon a new stage of existence."
Mr. Burbank said that, in his opinion, every person should be physi
cally, morally and spiritually perfect, and could be if the same attention
were paid to his or her training that he was giving to weeds. He de
clared that, just as he nad wrought miracles with plants by bringing them
into contact with those elements of their environment to which they
rapidly responded, should those who have the care of children seek to.
do for them arid to train them by bringing their- natures into relation
with all the elements in their environment to which they are potentially
responsive. _ . '
Dr. Lee's interview with Mr. Burbank' lasted only fifteen minutes.;
The Californian presented him with the originil manuscript cf a speech
• which he recently made at the commencement exercises of- the public
- school at San Rafael, Cal. 'He said that this was the only address he had
ever given for children. Dr. Lee pronounces it a .masterly effort and
prizes the document as one of his most valuable possessions.
MISS EEID MAY WED
THE SON OF AN EABL^
Bumored Betrothal of Em
bassador's Daughter to /
Lord Brooke.
Special Dispatch ] to Tb« Call.'
. NEW YORK. Ouly 20.— Both New York
and London are eagerly discussing the ru
mored engagement of Miss Reid, daugh
tej/of;the, American Etnbassador to Lon
don.; to Lord Brooke, son of the" Earl of
Warwick. .The marriage. would be a very
popular. one, as Lord Brooke fsian.ambi
tious young man.': with many friends, but
with* his "finances at . low' ebb. /^
; Mls3 Reid has been very popular at the
court in . London since her' father has
been, America's "diplomat ;there. She met
the Young ; nobleman several months ago
while,- visltinz abroad. .
r London society, expected this climax in
theTomance.to.be reached whll» Mr. and
Mrs.. Reid were at Easton/but Miss Reid,
it ' ls^ said, requested . her noble wooer to
wait, ~
PRICE FIVE CENTS. '
MBS. MACKAY SEEMS
CERTAIN OF ELECTION
HoAvever, Opposition to Her
, Candidacy for School Di
rector Is Strong.
Special Disratch to Tits CiU.
ROSLYN. L. 1.. July 30.— With the elec
tion of two members of the t Board of.
Education only three days distant, inter
est In the candidacy of Mrs. Clarence H.
Mackay is increasing until it la made al
most the sole subject of discussion in' the
community. While it Is generally ,< ; be
lieved that Mrs. Mackay will receive a
large majority of the the opposi
tion to fcer is actlver-and will. work until
the last minute to bring about her defeat.
Chier among the objections to. Mrs/
llackay'a election te the charge, that she
will go coddle and fill the heads of . the
pupils of the Roslyn school that .they
will have an exaggerated opinion/of their
own importance and will look down upon
the unfortunate pupils In other school*.2
ANGLO-JAPANESE BONDS
TO BE WELDED STRONGER
Negotiations Are Under Way for Per
fecting a New Alliance.
ITS SCOPE IS TO BE MUCH ENLARGED
Great .Britain Will Give No Advice to
Tokio as to Peace Demands.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 30. — The
Enprror has Issue. l the following: note
In reply to un appeal from the clergy of,
Orrluburjf nut to conclude a shameful
peace i
- *»Tbe Rucfian people can rrjy upon
inc. .\>v«-r \\'A\ I conclude a shameful
peace or one uanortby of tcreat Rus
sia."
WASHINGTON, July 30. — Keen Inter
est Is leli here in the negotiations,
which, it is understood, are making;
substantial headway between Japan
anil England, looking; to the renewal of
the Anelo-Japanese alliance. The scope
of the alliance, it is known, will con
siderably exceed the present' union,
though to what extent neither Europe
nor Washington haa been able to learn.
The announcement of the main points
of the new alliance noon after the con
clusion of the Washington conference
would not surprise diplomatic circles
here.
Japan comes to the Washington con
ference assured that, whatever her
peace terms, they will have the rsympa
thetic approval of Great Britain. Sev
eral hints from Washington to London
that the cause of peace would be served
by a suggestion to Japan from her ally,
favoring moderation in her demands
upon Russia, have not availed to
change the British Government in its
apparently unalterable determination to
stand by Japan, however severe she
makes her conditions of peace.
Nor has the British Government seen
its way clear to render assistance to
Washington in the efforts which this
Government is making to obtain an
armistice. Advices reaching here -show
that London is opposed to an armistice
until Japan has been satisfied the Rus
sian plenipotentiaries are prepared to
do more than discuss means of ending
the. war. If Russia is ready to conclude
peace and lias' so empowered her pleni
potentiaries Great Britain, it is be
lieved., might favor an armistice, but
even in such event, it is said, she would
be unwilling to offer Japan advice on
the subject.
EXTREME LOYALTY TO JAPAX.
As" understood in Washington, Lord
Lansdowne's position is that, as the loyal
ally of Japan. Great Britain can afford
to -take no step nor assume any attitude
that would in the remotest degree re
dound to the advantage of Japan's
enemy. However much London may
wish peace, for humane reasons, her
loyalty to Japan, whose pledged ally she
is, prevents her even from indirectly
bringing pressure to' bear by suggestions,
advice or otherwise at Tokio regarding
the negotiations, the effect of . which
might serve to moderate Japan's peace
conditions or hasten a truce. When
Japan asks her ally for advice the Lon
don Government, it [is said, is prepared
immediately to give it, but this advice
will be based on Japan's interest as a
primary consideration.
is this attitude on the part of the
London Government misinterpreted in
Washington as indicating that its of
licials do not share In the wish of the
neutral powers for peace. It has been
made plain that the activity of the
President has the full sympathy of the
Britis-h \u25a0 neople, although their first
thought, it is declared, must be ki the
interest of their ally. *
• At the same time, the London Govern
ment, in its exchanges with the Ameri-
XaUi Embassy in London, has not hesi
tated to declare its confidence that Ja
pan's terms will not be unreasonable,
viewed' in the light of the results of the
war. As it was recently expressed by
on«* cognizant of the British attitude,
"London has never, either in the ne
gotiations preceding tne .war or since the
•war was begrun, found Tokio assuming
an unreasonable position, Japan has been
exceedingly reasonable throughout this
struggle, and we are not at all appre
hensive that. she will bring to Washing
ton demands that are immoderate or un
reasonable.'" .: '.*
OXE STL'MBLIXG BLOCK.
Believing, as official Washington does,
that Japan will not Insist on the dis
mantlement of Vladivostok, should Rus
sia fail to agree to it in return for the
neutralization of Port Arthur, the ceces
sion lof Saghalleri. which. It is under
stood, will be among the essential con
ditions, will, the officials here believe,
prove the most serious obstacle to peace
in the Far East. Saghalien had not been
captured when the President initiated his
efforts to brlp.g the belligerents together.
The fact that, up to that time. Japan had
not taken a foot of Russian territory,
simplified, in the" opinion of Washington
and Berlin, the problem of bringing about
peace negotiations.
It Is understood to-night, from a source
\u25a0which, although not official, is well in
formed, that Russia will vigorously 'op-'
pose the recession of Saghalien. Whether,
in the ev«^nt of Japan's insistence on this
as a condition precedent to peace, Russia
will sielrt is a matter of speculation so
far as the officials here are concerned,
but in quarters friendly to Russia serious
doubts are expressed whether M. de
Witte brings with him the authorization
to yield Russian territory or whether' he
will be willing to ask for euch authority.
SHARP FIGHTING ON SAGHALIEN.
Tyro Hundred Rnsalnno Kil^rd end Five
Hundred Captarrd at Rykoff.
TOKIO. July 20. — The following dis
patch has been received from the Jap
anese army headauarters:
"Our Independent cavalry which en
tered Rykoff (on Saghalien, Island, for-
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
CHATS
The policy bolder In
the Pacific Mutual
Life Insurance. Com-
pany of California
rightly $ays, "My
Company"; for the
affairs of the compa-
ny are an open book.
Drop in at any time
and inspect. for your-
self. The home office
is on the. corner of
Montgomery and Sac-
ramento Streets. • The
San Francisco Branch
is in the Crocker
Building, for your
convenience." Walter
Koff Seely, Manager.
ty-flve miles northeast of Port Due);
on July 27, withdrew on finding order
in the city unfavorable to its occupa
tion. Our army, intending to crush the
enemy's forces before they retreated
from the eminences west of Rykoff,:
commenced to advance at 3 a. m. on-
July 28. The van, together with an in
dependent body of cavalry,- advanced
by forced marches, attacking and 'dis
lodging the enemy holding the north
ern extremity- of Rykoff, and rushed
into the town.- Confused street fight
ing ensued, but the town was com
pletely taken at 8:30 o'clock in the
morning. ->-?;
"The enemy's main strength, which
opposed our right column, fled in dis
order southward, taking the short
route leading to Pareonot.
"On July 28 a detachment which was
sent south in pursuit of the enemy met
the enemy's infantry, some 800 strong,
at a point six miles south of Rykoff
and killed more than 200 and captured
500.
"The enemy's strengtTi opposed to
our right column was of some 3000
infantry and four guns and four ma
chine guns, and that opposed to our
left column some 2000 infantry and
foqr guns.
"The enemy's loss, in trophies is un-.
der investigation." . 'v.\
KOREA TOO rREMATI'RE.
i>pokr»man Sato Sayn- Hermit. King-
dom'a Protcttt In Absurd.
NEW YORK. July 30. — Baron Ko- =
mura, the Japanese peace plenipoten
tiary, and Baron Kaneko, the Japanese'
firancial agent, both of whom are
Harvard graduates, went to Peekskill
to-day, where they visited some friends
of their college days. •\u25a0.-.-. U. . \u25a0 • i
Work at the headquarters of the
peace commission was not. entirely sus
pended, however, several of the sec
retaries continued their labors with
the dispatches and mail. Some of tho
suiie spent the day at the various re
sorts near the city, while others vis
ited friends. . ;-.
Dispatches announcing that Korea,
like China, would protest against a
treaty of peace in which •she was not
consulted were called to the attention
of Aimar Sato of the commission and
all he would say was that the time tor
any of those protests to be made was
after the negotiation^ had been con
cluded.
"No one," said he, "has any business
before the commissioners but ' them
selves." : • ', . y.TvVi' \u25a0 "i *
A number of Japanese newspaper'
correspondents are in the city. Sev
eral came with Baron" Komura's party."
Among those in the city to-day It is. the
decided opinion that, when peace is
declared, Japan, having become a
world power, will elevate her ministries
in the capitals- of . the -powers to em
bassies. All a.greed that it was- tno
understanding in Japan that if peace
were declared at the coming negotia
tions Baron Komura would become a
Count, which carries with it in Japan
a gift of a large sum of money and •
that. Minister Takahira would be ele
vated to the rank of an Embassador. • ;
SCOPE OF PROPOSED REFORMS.
Electoral System Advocated by Russian
Council • of Ministrrv.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 31.— The fol
lowing are the principal points of -an
electoral system approved by the Coun
cil of Ministers for the proposed Na
tional Assembly. The aim has been to
tlaborate a scheme eliminating as far
as possible class representation. The'
only classes excluded from the fran-'
chise are soldiers, persons under the age
of 25 years, foreigners, women, gov-.
ernors and vice governors of provinces,,
prefects and police authorities, nomads,
and persons deprived of civil rights. '\u25a0
For St. Petersburg, Moscow and:
eighteen of the larger towns there wiir
Tie a system of electoral colleges num-i
bering 160 members; for St. Petersburg.
Moscow and eighty other towns these
members will be elected by electors of
the first degree, comprising owners of
land and house property exceeding
51300 in value; the electors in the case
of St. Petersburg, Moscow and 1500
other towns to Include also the holders,
of industrial patents 'and paying speci
fied taxes, with no distinction as to re
ligion.
. For the provinces a similar system ot
colleges will be elected by voters ot
thr*e categories, namely, land owners,
electors of other towns than the before
mentioned largo towns, arid cantonal
representatives of peasants. Here, also,
property qualification, of $750 Is re
quired and similar tax qualifications.
The elections will be by secret ballot
and an absolute majority is required.
Di; WITTE NOT OPTIMISTIC.
LONDON*. July 31.— The Daily Tele
graph's correspondent on board ; the
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, on which
M. de Witte, the Russian peace envoy,
it. a passenger, sends an interview
which he has had with MJ.de Wltte, in
which the latter said that if Russia and
Japan had agreed upon a common' basis
before appointing peace plenipotentia
ries, it would have been much. better. As
it was, M. de Witte- said He* regarded
himself rather as an imperial courier,
sent to ascertain thq terms of. Japan. He
was prepared to make peace, l neverthe
less, he added, as his powers_were very
complete, and he would dlecuES-the de
mands bused on Japan's actual military
and naval successes in a business-like
spirit of give and take.
"But I cannot and will not? continued
M. de Witte, "entertain demands based
upon expected military successes. lam
conversant with the humane intentions
of my imperial master and I will do
anything compatible jWith Russia's
honor and dignity to establish that
work of which I have, been an un
swerving advocate. My first task,
however, in the New World, will be to
search for a basis for fruitful discus
sion." \u25a0'.'\u25a0\u25a0 •
Discontent Among Rexervlats. - j '
ST. PETERSBURG, July 31.— The No
voe Vremya publishes this, morning a
report. from Khersu that there is' great
discontent among the reservists; in
Manchuria at' the distress inflicted. ; on
their families because of, the negligence
of the^ authorities, .who have failed . to
provide proper support for them., This
outspoken admission from a Russian
source if looked upon as significant
Stoes«el's \V«r Service Ended.
' ST. PETERSBURG. July. 30.— General
Storssel has been relieved of ; tho com
mand of the Third Siberian Army
Corps. .
THE SAN iFKANGISCpy GALL,? - MOND/NY-JLTLY ;3i; :1905;
OVER SCORE
ADDED TO
FEVER LIST
Twenty-Seveii New Cases and
Three Deaths Reported in
New Orleans^ From Dread
Disease During Sunday
QUAEAXTIXE HAS ..
- -GROWN MORE RIGID
Mississippi Troops Placed
on the Coast to Do Guard
Duty in Enforcing Embar
go Against Infected City
NEW ORLEANS, July 30.— The fol-"
lowing Is a summary of the yellow
fever situation: . .
>'c*v onsen reported up to 0 p. m. to
day, 27. ' : \u25a0 : - O- \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0,-\u25a0 '
Total vnt.es to date, 253. \u25a0 ; -
DcntiiK to-ilay, 3. • \u25a0
Deaths to date. 57.
Total fool, 41.' \
Though this was Sunday, the work of
sanitation, fumigation, oiling and
screening went -on Just the same and
will continue daily until the city has
been thoroughly screened and made
mosquito proof. The record for 'to
day shows little change from that of
| yesterday, except in the reduction *of
the number of deaths. The decrease in
the number of new foci is also encour
aging. ;-.-;\u25a0
A new complication wap disclosed to
day when Superintendent Curran of the
New Orleans and Northeastern Railway
announced that two passengers, who
had remained the required length of
time in the Slidell detention camp and
sought admission into Mississippi,; had
been turned back. If the Mississippi
health authorities now refuse admis
sion- to' holders of certificates of deten
tion issued by the Marine Hospital it
will result in. -"the Government aban
doning those camps and then travelers
will 'either have to stay here or go to
points In the North and East and spend
ten days before, they can return to Mis
sissippi. . •. > •
The location of "the Louisville and
Nashville camp has not yet been fixed,,
but Dr. Guiteras hopes to get into com
munication -with Adjutant General
Fridge of "Misslsssippi. who is in charge
of tho State | quarantine on .Uk> .. gulf
coast, and ilnally arrange the .matter.
The Mississippi troops are now,; doing
guard duty on the coust. \u25a0
City Health Officer. Kohke. who is. in'
immediate. charge of the situation in
the city and who has been subject to
some criticism from various sources, to
day-gave out the following statement,
which shows how the authorities
handled the infection as soon as it was
discovered:
HEALTH OFFICER'S STATEMENT.- ;:
The first intimation of yellow fever' in New
Orleans was had on July 13. when IWo phy»l-> •
clahs reported two cases of. Illness- resembllnK
yellow lever, .which ca6es. were, submitted ta.
the president of- the. State BOard of. -.Health
at iiii) office. The health officer of the city
was summoned immediately, and the cases re-:
ported, or.c beimr already dead at the. time,,
and were \u25a0 by -him •. considered, for *anltary,
purpQseg, actual yellow ' fever, and the ' prem
ises were treated aceordinzly: that Ib. the
disinfection' methods employed w.«re:thobe)
agalnet yellow fever infection. The diagnoses,
of these "cases belns Judged a matter foi\ later,
consideration, . th« health officer immediately
instituted an ' investigation of the neighbor
hood euspected of infection, "and this investi
gation disclosed evidence pointing to prior cases
In the same neighborhood. \u25a0- . \u25a0 . -. . .
AH measures were employed ncalnst yel
low fever infection wherever suspicion pointed.
In "a few -daye'lt was learned 1 that several
squares were : intected apparently - to a de-
Eree justifying th« fumigation of every house
for the possible existing infected mosquito.'
The. neighborhood' operated on is almost
wholly inhabited by an Italian population,':
many of whom are connected with the hand:
ling of bananas and the unloading of such car-,
goes from fruit shi:is arrlvlnc from Central'
American ports. Every means was employed,
from soft persuasion to brutal force, to reach
infected places, and the wholesale fumigation.
was in progress durins a period of ten days
or more, during which period an autopsy de
monstrated the nature of the dleease,- which
must have begun at some time during the sec
ond half of May. From the infected . neighbor
hood at varying times residents removed their
domiciles to other >><?cticnsof the city, and in"
this way esses of the dleuaee developed in
persons infected not only In the Italian dis
trict but residtnc in other districts at ,the
lime of the first appearance of tfje first symp
ton-.s. - \u25a0 • . , '-' ' '
To-day there *re,few cases. not connected in
any known way .'with the tnlectcd district, and
all case* of th«>, disease" known .to exist are
isolated" arid Subjected to the proper meas
ures o£ prevention ..based on the mosquito law
of yeUpw fever transmission! ; . The spread :of
th* dlseas* has not been us great as was at
first feared, and 'hope is entertained that it
may be f&ntroUe-d. •-\u25a0 \u25a0 •.\u25a0 ;»\u25a0 "\u25a0 \u25a0 • : ' :;
•.:», •'\u25a0 CITIZEXS AID IX WORK.
\u25a0 : Besides the sanitary work done by the au
thorities In the neighborhood containing cases
of, th*' disease.-,, tho .citizens generally are .'en
thusiastically engaged In rlddlr.gr, the city of
the yellow fe.v<r . mosquito by "the use of oil
on water sunaces and the fumigation of dwell
j ings, the object; of • this being to -render barren
of yellow fev&r infection .the s;ction^i at pres
ent containing no cases of t^e- disease.'
Quarantine ! -'nvUhcds I against -' 'fruit vessels
have been made more stringent ; to prevent th?
introduction -frcm Central 'America and the
fruit ports feuerallyof additional yellow fever
Infection. A fund at money. of practically un-
Hniittd: amount '-hasf been guaranteed and is
.being furir.shed to 'the, health authorities, who
aje csijlsted by.offieers.ojN the public health
and Marine 'Hospital wrvice. representative
members of 'the medical "society. This situation
is.rscognized a» ;one offering an opportunity
for tho . people of New Orleans, to demonstrate
I their wilHnjrQeFs.-deterraination; arjd \u25a0 ability to
I care lor yellow ftyer Matter Its introduction and
no effort of-Vcnergy, or- expenditure -'.of money
i* nuared. to attain- successful results.. • So far
as is now known, .no Hnfectlcn has occurred
from tho cas-fF outside of the infected district
and organisation •' will,', it Is ', thought, b» so
complete-, in- a shortwhile that .the. 'stamping
out of -any Jiuch; secondary,- Infection is. now
unlikely.-. ':.\u25a0 '• '- . :•":; \u25a0 ;-
Th« imprefSionVthat the authorities withheld
information as" to the ejetenti-of Infection is
occasioned by the necessary l a*lay Incident to
the investigation upon the result' of which the
offlria'. report: is bared. \u25a0 -. \u25a0' .'"•. - : • ..
President goucher of; the -State Board
of Health has also taken .cognizance of
Governor: yardarnan's' comments about
evasion andidlsslmulatlorC .He; said :
1 mpstvempTiatically, deny the; assertion. i»adc
by Governor. Vardaman of : Mississippi ithat'l
knew there; Were a great many cases of. yellow
fever in Xe-ar, Orleans before the announcement
cf the fact, was made. That. assertion -In false
and erratic and quite in keeping with the well
known \u25a0 temperament of, Governor Vardaman. v
RELEASED. FROM QUARANTINE.
Four Persons Held for Inspection Land
: ;. -\u25a0' • ' \u25a0' \u25a0: Y in \u25a0 !VeW- York." - ."•-"!:; v-.- \u25a0\u25a0' •
NEW YORK. July SO.^-Health Officer
Doty, visited 'the quarantine -Islands . in
the lower bay to-day/and shortly after
ward three passengers of the steamship
Seguranca^ namely,: Miss; Heckter,. Hen
ry Boyd ,and: Miss , Wempe, ; were -• ' re
leased, .together with ,the.. two, nienibera
of the. cret*" of the steamship. Eldorado,
which arrived; yesterday, from, New. Or
leans and were held'f or.observatlbn' ow
ing, to. high . temp«ratUres.V:-.The /four
"passengers of the Segurarica detaihed^ai
Hoffman Island. are < v comfortabler and' if
all goes; well will 'be : released] probably
io-mqrrow. -.. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :.V'£>u'- : ?-.--'-.-V ;'•?}•'; -'vi ;V ••*.-':."
' ', The ten ; members ,, of .Tthe .'crQwCof j the
Seguranca are pleasantly -fat
, Swinburne Island in* the two new wards
DEMENTED WOMAN TAKES BABE
AND WANDERS FROM HOME.
Apparently demented, Mrs. Louise Welch took her babe and wandered from home early
yesterday morning. She was found exhausted and taken to the Emergency Hospital.
There Mrs. Welch. cried for a Mrs. Lund. {The latter, according to the declaration of
Mr. Welch, has hypnotized : his wife. Later the unfortunate woman became sane.
Found Exhausted
She Is Brought to {
Hospital. t 'i
Husband A vers Wife
\u25a0Friend.
Was Mrs. ; Louise ,\Velch acting under
the silent pressure 'jof a hypnotic spell
when she snatched "her little babe" from
its cradle long; before sunrise yesterday;
morning;, stole away 'from a home whitih;
seems always. '(o have been made pleas
ant for her,. and then, without, sufficient
clothing ; , to., protect her from the cold,
winds, wandered, clown a strange • road
until, falling; exhausted by the wayside,'
she lay with her . little one clutched:
tightly in her arms until a passing police-!
man picked x her. up and sent her to the
Emergency Hospital?
Was it Mrs. Mary Lund, a neighbor;
who admits having talked spiritualism to
this woman, who placed her under the
overpowering influence which caused her
to run away, and wasjit shs who, fright
ened lest her work should bring her into
serious difficulty with the police, restored'
the woman to her natural self?. Or was
there merely a .temporary, insanity?
These are the questions which; are, pu?-;
zllng the physicians at tho^ Emergency i
Hospital, who worked" for .hours -.yester-.
day trying to fathom" the remarkable
caso before them..- ! :\u25a0'", , '
The case of Mrs. Welch is a rhysterious |
one. Founds seemingly., crazed yesterday!
morning and brought to; the hospital; she
sat there, for hours without speaking a
word to any one. Then she began to
ask for Mrs. Lund. ; Her husband came
and she drew, repulsively away from him.
Still she cried for Mrs. Lund, whom she.
said would put her right again. A man
went to this woman. When she heard,
that Mrs. .Welch was apparently, insane
and was crying'for her she trembled vio- 1
lently and refused Xp go to see her. Then
she withdrew to her room.; Within a few
minutes Mrs. Welch, miles away in the
Emergency Hospital, straightened up. a
pane woman. "Send for , my husband."
she paid. "I want to go home. .Mrs: .Lund
I barely know her." ,ln these few min
utes did Mrs. Lund break the hypnotic
spell? ; ;.,;--/•
WOMAN IS HELD.
Mrs. Welch was not sent home. She will 1
remain in the hospital until the cause. 6f
her 6trange actions is determined. The
little child is being cared for by tender
nurses and he cops happily to his newly
made friends. The mother lies peacefully
in a clean white cot, unconscious of her
wanderingß of mind during the day. Mrs.
Lund is at her -home in San- Bruno,
whence she may be summoned by the
police at any time.
'. And now comes the strange story of
these two women. „. The husband ;pf. Mrs.
Lund died nearly ai'month". ago;
a week after, hfs death. slt% came /and
lived with Mra. .'Welch in' ths little Tionw!
at 240 Sweeney!! street. Until ' thls' ! time*
Mrs. Welch had lived contentedly with
her husband, who *is employed? in thb
city roi'.nd. There was a little baby to
bless their household and a .pretty 1 daugh
ter of" 14 years to help with the . work.
Never was there a finer picture of simple
happiness than when this loving family
.went .strolling in the hills on Sunday
afternoons, as was their wont: All . this
was before the advent of Mrs. Lund.
Shortly after Mrs. Lund left 'this happy
household the sister of Mrs. Welch died.
In her sorrow Mrs. Welch went to see her
newly made friend for consolation, and
it was then that an intimacy,, which the
husband claims is the cause of all yes
terday's trouble, began to grow up bc
vtween them. - , . . . ; V. .
•SPIRITUALISM A FACTOR.
Spiritualism, was the outcome. Both
Mrs. Welch and. Mrs. Lund wanted to
talk with the dead, and .they attended
many meetinEs which were led by'inja
tic3. V. hen th^y were together their talk
was constantly of. hypnotism. Mrs. Welch
began to stay. away trom home at nlg'.its.
KJ In the meantime her, husbairltrisd. to
reason with her. but. to no" avail. Mrs.,
Laiid. he shunned., "I', felt that I could
not trust myself' to 'be. near her,'* he
Eaid; "for fear that I' would lose my tem
per and without thrsusht of the confer
quepces strike her down. 1 knew" thai
she ..was exerting a terrible influence on
my .w}fe;. although I. never suspected that
1t would come to- this. . . ',...,. ' \u0084''
"A few weeks ago she began to nour
ish the idea that her mother had left her
a Cvtdi sum of money/ Mrs. Lund ', told
her that there were two cans 6t it burled
in 'the ground, and the woman searched
lons *°r it." \u25a0 ;
.\u25a0"Then. my. wife began to grow very jeal
ous. She feared that' I was keeping com
pany with other women, although every
oqe will say. that I' am a very quiet man.
-1 beUeve that Mrs/ Lund; put this Idea
'into her head, for after ray wife
return .; from that- woman's house she
would talk about this.' : •
"She acted strangel;', as If some one
was. exerting an influence over herl' I
questioned her about it, but she said that
she was perfectly free.V The outcome was
this morning, when -she: left the house
about 3 o'clock and: wandered away.- ; \u25a0
VI heard' her go out, but ; supposed Vtbat
she was going over to see Mrs.' Lund.. for
the two had been spending much time
together \u25a0 of late. I did: not ' worry, • and
before' l went^to work I sent ' my, little
girl over to see. . She was nowhere to ; be
fpund. Mrs. Lund had not seen her. 'Send
her over, to me, quick, 1 she paid, : 'and J
.will, put her Tight: again.' What did that
mean?. Was my /wife under the hypnotic
recently erected on the island. ,Of this
number. only two; .are, -seriously ill.
They are /Thomas McGlli; oneof'the Se
guranca's | stewards, '.' and .Vincent Novo,
a fireman. McGlll Is. resting comfort
ably and % somewhat; better. Vincent
"Novo, 'however, is very.- ill. * Dr. Doty
said: he' could, not; ..definitely state
whether the,.se* men fare 'suffering from
ryellow fi?ve.r. ' The;bacteriological ex
amination, will not lie completed, before
to-morrow morning;' ' • _ \u0084 ;:
BARS UP IN TEXXESSEE.
Western Fnrt ' of Will Guard
Against: the \u25a0\u25a0"Fever.:
v MEMPHIS," Tenn..; ; July ao^The re
port given^ out*, yesterday following the
meeting/ of. the estate.: city -and; county
boards of health:regarding,the;quaran
tine,.'; regulations established riigainst
New -Orleans -and fever '.Infected;.: dis
tricts ; proves • to .bo ;'j partly y ; erroneous.
;The- official "statement ~. is ;. to .the «ct'
thatiWest : iTenrjesBee Jand Hamilton
County , will "close their "doors j against
the : ; fever ; districts. • .f,No ,- quarantine
rules for, the entire State have beeh'pro- :
mulgatedw" Strict 'ViVigilance;* ;is >beine
maintained Jbylquarantine: officials i who
"are? guarding the "approaches from the'
south to this division of the State. " >
MRS.. LOUISE \u25a0WELCIJ, WHO IS
SUFFERING EITHER FROM HYP
NOTISM OR DEMENTIA.
'•*,'. \u25a0 • \u25a0'\u25a0 ..:.•„»\u25a0 -.. <" /.\u25a0 /,....-•: ." -j
influence of ithis woman?/ 1 belieVe> that
she was." \u25a0 \u25a0. •* '', .' :B" 5 *.' '*' \u25a0: i
; PATHETIC' ? MEE?riNG: * _ \ '' A
' The scene" between Husband' and" wife
at the hospital , was, a pathetic one. The
heart-broken man had hunted hours for
the woman he loved, *and when ut last
he sought the police-. and they, told him
that- she was in the hospital his heart
leaped for joy, as he hurried to her aide.
Imagine the feelings of this man when
she .turned away from, him and held the
child of them both far out of his reach.
With loving words he sought to right
her mfnd and cause her to return to him,
but she only shrunk tho farther.. He
dared not attempt to caress her. All the
time she said that her real friend was
coming to help her. .
With tears In his eyes Welch left his
.wife in the care ' of the white-aproned
nurses. He could do nothing for her and
he went back to his saddened home. Wife
and babe were gone, but the daughter,
a bright girl, the child of his wife by
her first husband, was there to cook the
evening meal for father.
Then it '.was that some one was sent to
see Mrs. Lund and find out If she would
not come to the hospital and bring the
unfortunate woman to her senses. When
she heard that Mrs. Welch was apparent
ly suffering from Insanity or . from a
hypnotic influence she trembled con
vulsively. 3 She would not go to see the
woman and quickly hurried to a room
alone. '.- /: \u25a0 ; .- ' . \u25a0• ... •\u25a0. -
Now came the mysterious circum
stance. Within a few minutes after Mrs.
I.und had retired "to the privacy of. her.
own room but in Sari Bruno Mrs. Welch,
miles away-in.; the Emergency. Hospital,
straightened up quietly, a perfectly sane
woman. "Where is my husband?" she
asked,. "l want to go, home to my fam
ily." She knew nothing of her wander
ing and refused to talk of Mrs. Lund.. .
It was a strange reaction. A moment
before she had, ; cried for this -woman of
alleged * myeticlsm, and in her period of;
sanity she- said that she scarcely, knew
her. A moment before . and the nurses
tore the child from her for. fear that she
would kill it, while- she fought blindly
to keep it:; sane, she did not know that
the baby was thftr<v, . .. '
Mrs. Lurid declares that she cast "no
spell over Mrs. .Welch.' She admits that
they were friends : and that they often
talked of .spiritualism, but she insists
that she exerted no Influence over her.
Mrs. > Lurid is employed "in a cannery i at
Tenth and Bryant: streets, and gave for
an extreme nervousness she does not
have the appearance of a mystic; Welch
says that unless she remains away from
his wife in the' future he will swear j out
a complaint for her arrest.; In .the mean
time Mrs. Welch will bekept in the hos
pital until the ; soundness' of her '"mind Is
fully established l^ .
LANCASHIRE COTTON MEJf
' MAY FACE BIG STRIKE
Sixty Thousand Operative* Prepare to
Bnck Up Demand for Increase
••'\u25a0,;• ''S' '«' " ; in"'.'AVoße'».v';: ; -
' LONDON, July 30.T—A strike of .60.000
Lancashire cotton operatives /is: threat?
ened owing to",the refusajof a
b\ peril ceiit. advance in ; ,wage 3/ A ballot
on the question .o f striking ,was taken
by. the oper'atlves last, .week; but -the re
sult: of the ballot will not : be, made
known: until, to-morrow night. The In
dications are. .-" However, 'th'at a majority
will favor a strike. .' .
Fatal Wreck on tbe Santa Kc.
- .-CHICAGO, July 30.-r-A, broken axle of
the wheel of a smoking, car caused the
wrebking ;of the 'Cfalifornia epeolal on
the % Atchisori, ;;Topeka 1 and - Santa 4 ; Fe
Railroad" at ; L.emont " last" 1 , night, when
one man ; was' killed ioutrigrrt* four per
sons {fatally 'injured and /a' V score of
other;- passengers, received The
identityjof; the".man,:klljfd. isXstill.in
doubts but; h%;is supposed \u25a0; to.- have been
J6hn"> Grugerie. an ' Italian', laborer, of
Sunnyside, Utah.
SLAVERY UPON
AMERICAN SOIL
School Superintendent Says
Traffic in White Children
Is Carried On in Alaska
Special Dl3patch toTha Call.
I ST. LOUIS. July 30.— Slavery within the
dominion of the United States, white per
sons sold arid. held in bondage despite all
the ; laws of. clvliization. this is the
charge, of Professor W. -A. 4 Davis, .su
perintendent of public schools at Un
alaska, Alaska.. In a letter the professor
tells how he has been at work since 1593,'
when he went .to Alaska', to eradicate
the evil, but he has been unable to get
the United States authorities interested.
He says he has personally freed two
little girls. from slavery and sent them
to their homes, while he has worked with
out avail to procure the release of six
Other white girls in Unalaska. He says
children are sold in other towns. In
part the professor writes:
"At the beginning of school in Sep
tember, 1903, I canvassed the village of
Unalaska for scholars and to my sorrow
and disgust I found eight little girls,
ranging In age from six to twelve years,
ir slavery. When I asked .their masters
if they intended to send them toschool
they . seemed ~* much surprised and grew
quite indignant arid In substance said.
'Send, them to school? We did not. get
them to send. to school. We got them to
wait' on our families and that's what they
are going to do.' , . '.
"Immediately 'upon making this dl 3.
ccvery I called the attention of the proper,
authorities to the facts, and was told'
that. immediate steps would be taken to
remedy the evil. Up to the present. time
nothing has been done officially, though
by Individual effort I have obtained the
release of two pitiful little creatures who
were returned to the island whence they
came, . and : all, in all probability, were
sent .agahv at. lthie first opportunity in
some other direction. .
"Th«se children . are . usually orphans'
and are given away by those with whom
they have been left by their dead parents
as freely and with as little compunction
as one. ln the States- gives away puppies
of an inferior breed of dogs. They are
brought. 1 by trading schooners from vari
ous parts of the territory and as a rule
arc owned- by white men, who have na
tive wives." •
BATTLESHIP'S GREW
COMPLAINS OF FOOD
Eight Sailors Aboard ' tlie
Kentucky Are Put Into
Irons.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK. July 30. — Having 'read
of- the sailors' mutiny on. the Russian
warship Kniaa Potemkine. it occurred
to. the i sailors i on the United. States bat
tleship Kentucky to ; complain of their
food. ,One»saHor said td-niglit: \u0084;
:"The trouble started off Culebra. The
grub that was being- servod out to us
was simply rotten and we. didn't' get
enough. of what there was: At first the.
men gave vent to their feelings by
shouting together-as they sat at tae
tables. At' other times some one would
shout; 'What's the matter with, the
grub?' and the reply from th«~- crowd
would be, 'It's rottfh!' '
; "Thi» was kept np for some time and
nearly every da j" some of the. men were
disciplined because. of the -kicks they
made. Several -wrote to' the Nayy _ De
partment, but. It did no good, and some
Of the bolder ones .made tbreats'against
the steward. Filially a. batch of the
ringleaders T were.^called before Captain
Barnett. " He put iabout eight" of. them
in Irons."-. ! ;. . ' •
''.... \u25a0-'.' ''-'**'.'\u25a0 ... - -
\u25a0 ST. JOHNS. \N. F.; July 30.— Governor Mc-
Oregor.and'a party of English colonial scien
tists « started \ to-dcy - for ; a - »lx ..weeks'. cruUe
alopg, Labrador coaatl.'.lt Is expected that Im
portant ' results f will ; accrue from this expedi
tion, tb« industrial future of.lKib
rador. £-a^S9rc- i akastCß9iaanEnHMßJASS!Mrt
LIVES BLOTTED
OUT BY FLOOD
Bursting Reservoirs Sends
Great Torrent Do™ "Upon
Many Homes in Connecticut
FAMILY HAS WILD EIDE
Asleep in the House When
the Water Strikes It and
Carries It Along a/Milo.
BRIDGEPORT.- Conn.. July 30.— Loss
of life and Immense damage to prop
erty followed the bursting of reser
voirs north of this city as a result of
the unprecedented fall of rain early to
day. The precipitation In the series of
showers which struck the State last
night and this morning reached a total
of seven Inches.
The .dam at. Ward's mill at. Aston
went out at 2 o'clock this morning,
sending a great body of . water down
through the town of Trumbull. There
was no warning to the people who lived
on the banks of what 13 usually a small
water course. The house occupied by
! John Lesqo was picked up. by the flood
'and carried. a mile below. In it at the
time were Lesco. his wife and several
children. The members of the family
were asleep at the time and all were
rescued after a perilous Journey.
A house occupied by Michael Mpraa
was hurled against the Berkshire
bridge and smashed to kindling wood
and It Is believed that Moran was
drowned. : :r. v ;v^v. ' -.''.': »
In North Bridgeport the water swept
against the Barnum-avenue bridge and
wrecked It just when an Ice wagon was
crossing It. In the wagon were "Wil
liam Kowzeski and John § tar kin. The
wagon and horses were sweat' away
and Kowzeski was drowned. Starkin
was able to swim ashore.
During the progress of the flood iev
j eral heroic rescues were made by the
police and firemen.
STEEET KALLWAY USES
THE GEATITY SYSTEM
Raised Stations Supply Pow
er on a Chicago Elevated
Line.
8s«e!al Dispatch to TIM CIU.
CHICAGO. July. 30— As an addition to
its electric power the South Side Ele
vated Railway will use the gravity sys
tem to assist In starting and stopping .
Its trains when Its new third track and.
Englewood extension are completed.
While this announcement has not be£n
made by the officials of the company, a
railroad engineer, who has watched the
construction of the line, saja It la built
on the "inclined plane" plan, with each
station at the summit of a hill.
While much power will b» saved by
the news system, the object .of the
scheme is not so much economy as U
is to produce speed in starting and
stopping trains. The incline will bo
sufficiently great, it la said, to ptart a
train without the use of electric power.
It \u25a0is said that 'the Chicago gravity
elevated system Is the first to be in
stalled In the world, although steam
railroads have for yeara employed the
system In freight yards, where cars
are switched without, other motive
power. The fall from the summit of
one of the stations to the low«r point
of the Incline is about three feet. The
new track at the stations is about thir
ty-six Inches above the old one. Engi
neers say that this fall in a distance of
two blocks will produce a great amount
of "gravity power." Although the track
is built on the "bump-the-bumps" prin
.ciple.-the fall is not great enough to.
be perceptible to the occupants of the
coaches. The power will be utilized
Without Inconvenience to patrons of the
road. "-,-.", v-
GENERA tr RANDALL TAKES . • "
COMMAND IN* ST. LOUIS
Will Have Charge of tbe Northern
Dlviftlon of the United
States Army.
ST. LOUIS. July 30.— Major General
George M. Randall arrived from San
Francisco to-day to take charge of the
northern division of the United States
army, with headquarters In St. Louis.
He succeeds Brigadier General Theo
dore J. .Wint, who; has been temporarily*
commanding the 'division -since Major
General John C. Bates left for "Wash--,
ington. D. •C, on June 16. General
Randall for the past two years has been. -
in command of the Departments^ Lu
zpn. He will retire on October 3 next
because of the age limit.'- ; _
DR. PIEKCE'S RUMEDIES.
TIRED OUT.
There's many a wife sits in the growln?
shadows of an evening* knowing what
it is to feel tired out; a» If there was
not another ounce of effort left in her.
But if healthy ehe knows how sound
her slumber will .
be. and how re- Kai'Wi/jf* t
freshed the /PSaa^Sa^SH
morning will fgfi^tSfSS^S^
find her. But . !ffilffist*3&4
it's another MBSsfK/'"*
thing for the //sb^^v^dS^
sick Avoman to /i|#7VX . tT/Jv^
feel tired out. //f^^r/^v^'Jl
Rest only seems W^h\Y/M
to Increase her wf Nf »?l, 1 *$iH]
suffering. She M\ \ . • 1 IJ**J|
feols acutely iX \ /. \ ° fi-f W%
the aching back .w^^/fi&Y*!) -^
and throbbing * M VH *
Sick women. /5 , /{<*&X> '•
: hundreds of 'gi .* i / ik"
thousands of y\ / A j<r\.
them, have been / \ \l v i'ff/\
made well "by" - '\^Vf7/-/ \
the. use^ of Dr. • \\u25a0 \j '\u25a0>' 'jm!
Pierces ' Favor- %\ ' " jsS*\
tte Prescription. &%fu
It establishes "*^ " jGr \
regularity, dries ' • \u25a0 - •-. \u25a0'» *
weakening drains, heals Inflammation .
and ulccration and cures female weak- r
ness. . . . . .. . . .
. "I am pleased to inform you of the benefit
I received from uslntr Pr. Pierces Favorlta
Prescription and "Golden Medical Discov- ".
i cry.' " writes Mrs. Elizabeth A. Oswold. of *5
Brant Street. Windsor. Esscjc Ca. Ontario,
I Canada. "Fo quite discouraffed when I
'< wrote aaWnff yonr adTice. as the physicians
here told oe I could set no .relief except by i
an operation. Suffered for four years from
irrerular and profuse menstruation, had sick
and nervous' headaches most of -tije time,
and at times could hardly walk across the
floor from weakness. I thank God there is .
such a remedy as Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scrintlon for sutferlnz women. Before I had
taken the first bottle the headache* had left
me and it was not lonsr before regularity was
establisbed and still continues so. Hare Just *
.finished bouse-cleanin? . which I nerer.ex-,
pected to be able to do again, and caa. truly
' «ay 1 neTer felt better than at present. \u25a0 I
gladly „ recommend 'Farorite Prescription'!
to alt who sutler trom female weakness- . It
has cured me and made me stronger in ever?'
way. Neither 'ioy. husband nor myself can
»ay ecouffh in its praise. '.'_
The selfish seller who urges some sub-
stitute is thinking o( the larger, profit
he'll make and not of your best good.SKIDDING AUTOMOBILE UPSETS
AND INJURES ITS OCCUPANTS
Chauffeur and Woman
Wedged Under
• Machine.
MANY EONES ARE BROKEN
Mrs. Sol Camp, Mrs. An
nie Baron and Driver
. • in the Wreck, .
TWO GO TO THE HOSPITAL
" An automobile accident which result
ed in serious injuries to t two persons
and in the miraculous escape of a third
occurred yesterday afternoon in the vi
cinity x>t Nineteenth avenue and H
street.
Mrs.. Sol Camp of Goldfteld, as a con
sequence of the overturning of the ma
.chine, lies at her 5 temporary apart
ments in the Corona. 7"7 Geary street,
with a broken rib and innumerable
contusions and bruises on the fare and
scalp-. She also suffered a d<*ep cut
over the lip and her body; fa bruised all
, over. Chauffeur Karl Berlin moans on
his bed at U4 Fulton street, \vith a
fractured rib ar.d internal injuries of a
severe nature.
How the three escaped with their
lives is a marvel in view of the 2200
weight automobile's turning two com
f jjlote somersaults and falling the second
time on Berlin, with Mrs. Camp forced
parti.'- through the cover, htr head cut
with ito broken and flying glass.
• Mrs. Baron, the well-known ladies'
tailor on Powcl! street, fared better,
thoujrh severely bruised and shaken up.
"The ladies started for a ridt hi the
park, Mrs. Camp taking- the seat next
to th* chauffeur. When near the ocean
drive Mrs. Camp asked and \yas aj
lowed to drive and for five miles proved j
lierself competent to steer the machine
.with safety. When approaching. a part
of Nineteenth avenue- where there is !
a deep grr^de Berlin told the lady that j
he had better take charge at that point
and he had hardly don«- so when, as the
descent wes being- made the wiieeis
skidded and control of the auto was
lost. " The. machine- whirled around
twice, then twice turned a complete
somersault, the second time coming
down with a fearful crash. Berlin was
threwn under Mrs. Camp and her head
was badly ble^dinjf trom the glass
which became embedded in the scalp.
MRS. BAKO.V AMAZED."
Mrs. Baron, amazed at her own es
cape, hastened to extricate her friend
from ber perilous, position, while Ber
lin, beneath the machine, was' strug
i,'iiru? In agony to reach for the main
valvt . whu-u ho succeeded in closing up
i.nd consequently extinguishing tht flre.
Through his presence of mind and
»::<\u25a0« r uetermination an explosion of the
gasoline tank was everted.
CiiarKs iiugiu-s of Chicago and Al
:.!ey<-r,c driving in auto 4J>J, hastened
to t ho rescue of the injured and. plac
ing them ::t their machine. hurried
them to the Park Kniergrency Hospital.
vv-htr«- they were- attended by *Dra.
tfafcnaja and stone.
W'lnl<; lying in intense pain and be
tween his groaning, awaiting surgical
treatment, lie-rlln cried, "I am to blame;
no one else. 1 am to blame for it all.
1 wish they would give me something
and let me die."
He- then inquired as to whether Mrs.
Camp was fatally injured, saying that
he would sooner die than that cither of
the ladies should suffer pain.
In the- meantime Mrs. .tJaron called up
ber husband, W. Baron, and Mr. Camp,
both of whom arrived at the hospital.
Berlin said:
"1 jjave Mrs. Canjp the machine at the
park when we were in tJie direction or
the boulevard and we turned toward
Ingrledde. She steered for about live
miles. I should say. We then turnea
and made a circuit trip. At Nineteenth
avenue, near H street, I sugg-estc-d to
take- the machine-, as there the hill is
steep. I did so, and no sooner had I as
sumed direction of the auto than the
wheels began to skid and we were
twirled around twice; then came two
somersaults. I found myself beneath
the machine and immediately thought
of the danger which must follow an ex
plosion under such circumstances and I
struggled to reach the main valve,
which I puecec-ded in closing 1 up. I then
forced myself from under the machine.
That we are all alive is nothing less
than a miracle."
MRS. CAMP RESCUED.
Mrs. Baroti said sTie did not know
where sb« sot her strength, but she
surprised herself by lifting Mrs. Camp
bodily from her perilous position to a
pla< c of safety. Mrs. Baron's white
waist was stained with the blood of her
»rviend.
It was Mrs. Baron's second trip in an
auto, the llrst having been taken on
Saturday. In drawing a comparison be
tween the chauffeurs of her first and
second trips she was inclined to think
that Berlin was not an experienced
driver. Berlin says he has had two
years' experience and has been with tiie
White Company, from whom the ma
chine was hired, for two years.
The automobile was much damaged,
three of the wheels and the cover being
completely smashed.
RATIONAL TREATMENT
or
Stomach Diseases
>r»Ns :
* Discard Inj various Drugs
r use
° A Harznlecs Powerful Cermicice
Endorsed by Leading Physidcns.
Send twenty-five "cents to pay postage
on Free Trial Bottle. Sold by leading
druggists.
NOT GENUINE WITHOUT MV SISKATUKC:
61 0 PRINCtST.. NEW YORK.
I V~rrt ro« Fma Eocki tr o* lUtiCnal Trutk»T
- • * ; ? of ru-w-"ic
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 X EAB.VY ST. r.atablishwl
In 1*54 for the treatment of ivtratf
I.M******. Ixwt Matitiood. I>«-f>lilt.< or
rti»>-8!<" tvearlniron f>r>iiv nn«l uilir' nn<l
Skin J>ism«es. Tlie Doctor rarMiwi^ii
otlien fall. Try him. f 'tnug** low.
rnreßrgamnlrrd. CVllorwrl-*
Or. J.- r- VIBBo::. Ha.ll frt-r^ico. Col
I Weak Men and Women
* HOL'LD USE DAMIANA HITrEUS." THE
O Great Mexican Keniedy: elves health and
•irrnrtb to sexual orc&ss. Depot. 323 Market.
GIVES WHISKY
WITH PEANUTS
Glenn County Man Succeeds
in Disposing of Liquor De
. spite Lack of a License
El-eclal Dispatch to Tha CalL
WILLOWS, July 30. the
Board of Supervisors of Glenn County
refused to grant Eli Triplett a license
to retail Jiquor after the applicant had
secured his revenue license, he Is never
theless dispensing a liberal amount ol
'"wet goods" at his resort at Stony Creek
crossing. Triplett desired to cater tj
the wunts of those en route to the sum
mer resorts of this section. He was not
to be thwarted by the adverse action of
the Supervisors for he had read now the
landlords evaded the law in rit. Louis
in their fight with Governor Folk. Trip
lett laid in a-bountiful supply of peanuts-,
which he Fells at 10 cents each. As an
expression of good will he presents the
purchaser with anything in the liquor
line he desires.
TWO PIONEERS
RECEIVE THE
LAST SUMMONS
HANFORD, July SO.— Andrew W. Gray,
a native of New York, and aged nearly
50 years, died to-day near here. He is
survived by the following children: Mrs.
George W. Cody of Grangeville, Mrs. I.
H. Ham of Visalla, Wheaton A. Gray,
Appellate Judge of the Los Angeles dis
trict, and R. P. Gray. Gray first came
to California In ISSO.
SALINAS, July 30.— Joseph V. Lacey,
aged 74, one of the oldest residents of
Monterey County, died this morning. De
cease*! came from Canada in 1854, locating
In Monterey, where he established the
first foundry in the county. In 1865 he
moved to Salinas. He leaves a wife, a
daughter and six sons, Bert and Joseph
Lacey of San Francisco. George E. and
Claude F. Lacey of Salinas and James
V. and Leroy Lacey of Monterey.
OI'EUATIOX KILLS JURIST.
Prominent lowa Man Dlr» in a Port
land Hospital.
PORTLAND. July 30.— Ex-Judge Dell
Stuart, a prominent attorney of Port
land, member of the Masons, Knights of
Pythias and other orders. cx-Dlstrict
Judge of lowa and ex-Mayor of Osceola,
lowa, died to-day at St. Vincent's Hos
pital as the result of an operation. The
death of ex-Judge Stuart was sudden
and unexpected. He was operated upon
eleven days ago and seemed, on the
road to recovery. Ex- Judge Stuart was
born in Zanesvillo. Ohio, In 1849.
HORSEMAN'S SOX MEETS HIS
DEATH I.V BAY OF SAX DIEGO
Body of Charles C Woodninimee. Who
Wan Drowned While Flfthius, Is
Recovered.
SAN' DIEGO. July 30. — The body of
Charles C. Woodmansee, aged 30 years,
was found this morning on the Day
front at the foot of Twenty-sixth
street. Vvoodmansee had been missing
from home since Saturday noon and It
is supposed that while fishing *ue fell
off a wharf and was drowned. Wood
mansee was a. son of Daniel W. \vocd
mansee, formerly a prominent and suc
cessful horsemun of Minneapolis. He
came to San Diego with his wife about
four years ago. Shortly after their ar
rival his wife died. An inquest will be
held by Coroner Morgan to-morrow
morning. . .? -~ :./>' \u25a0\u25a0.-."';-> '.;?:.'-'. '-!-:•
IDAHO EDITORS AND THEIR s .
WIVES VISIT CITY OK [ANGELS
Month* Tonr of State Editorial Ahio
c-iatloD \VIII Eiid at Boise In
Vc-.t D?.tj,
I.OS ANGELES. July 30. — Thirty-fivU
Idaho editors and their wives arrive 1
here this morning and are guesrs of
the Chamber .of Commerce. To-morrow
evening they will depart for Salt Uike
and thence to Boise, Idaho, concluding
a month's tour of the Idaho State Edi
toiial Association. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIO^ MONDAY JULY 1905.
WOMEN WHO MIRACULOUSLY ESCAPED DEATH IN A DTSAPTR™*R tvpcvi<
CAUSED BY THE SUDDEN SKIDDING OF A FAST RUNNING AUTOMOBILE
DURING A PLEASURE TOUR IN THIS CITY YESTERDAY. (
MIRACULOUSLY
ESCAPE DEATH
Two Santa Cruz Workmen
Fall Seventy Feet and Are
Buried Under Big Timbers
f pedal Dispatch to Th« Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 30.— Cecil Gilbert
and Nelson Swanson, employes of the
Granite Rock Company, miraculously
escaped death yesterday. While they
were at. work repairing a bridge over
Aptos Creek an immense redwood stump
weighing about a ton broke from its lodg
ing on the bluff above the bridge and
fell with a crash upon the pier upon
which the men were at work and knocked
it and the unfortunate fellows into the
creek, seventy feet- below. A number of
other big timbers ' also fell, completely
covering the two men.
It was not expected that the men would
be found alive,' but when the timbers
were removed it was seen that they had
escaped death by a miracle. They were
badly injured," though, one of the big
sticks having fallen in such a way that
it forced Gilbert's head fully a foot into
the soft bottom of the creek. Swanson
escaped with painful bruises, but it is
feared that Gilbert is internally injured.
QUEER SUICIDE
IN SAN DIEGO
Writes Note Telling Wife
Not to Enter House Alone
and \u25a0 Then Takes His Life
Special Dif.-atch to Tha C»U.
SAN DIEGO, July 30.— J.W. Mount.
6S years of age, who came to this city
from Kentucky some years ago, com
mitted suicide in a remarkably delib
erate manner to-day. In the morning
he told his wife he would not go to
church with her and she went alone.
On her return Mrs. Mount found on the
door of their residence on • Eleventh
street a, note from her 1 husband in
which he told her to get a neighbor
to accompany her when she entered
the house. .
Mrs. Mount did .as requested. /Ac- I
companled by neighbors, she .entered
the dwelling and found her; husband
dead in a chair." He had* shot himself, '
the bullet entering the aodomen. -
;' Prior to, killing himself ho had J - ar
ranged his papers and put « his affairs
in such shape asltojmake surethat his j
wife would have what property, he left.
concessionaire's victors j
IN SUNDAY CLOSING FIGHT
Fair Management Decides to ; Make No '
Further Attempts .to Shut Down ' ;
»»Trall7. on Sabbath.
PORTLAND, July : . 30.— 1t is stated I
definitely that the exposition manage
ment will not; make; any, further -legal
fight against the trail amusement con
eessionaries.^who were, given an In
junction : in- the Circuit Court restrain-^ '
ing the exposition 'from \ interfering i
with their keeping open on Sunday.; l .v I
RESPECT PAID
TO THE DEAD
Many 3rouniers Attend the
Funeral of 3lrs.Mary Hayes-
Cliynoweth in San- Jose
Soeclal Cable to The Call.
SAX JOSE, July 30. — Mrs. Mary
Hayes-Chynoweth was burled this
afternoon from the First Methodist
Church. The funeral cortege left the
late residence of the deceased at Eden
valo at 1:45 o'clock and arrived in San
Jose at 3 o'clock. Long before this
hour the large auditorium of the church
was filled '; with friends and. relatives
of Mrs. Hayes-Chynoweth and when
the casket was borne down the center
aisle the large edifice was filled to the
doors with silent worshipers, who were
desirous of paying a last tribute of re
spect to the honored dead.
The service was opened with a prayer
by Rev. Sydney Williams of Saratoga.
This was followed by short and elo
quent addreses by Dr. Ell McClish of
the University of the Pacific and -E.K.
Johnston, who spoke on behalf of the
family. Music suitable to the occasion
was rendered by the True Life Church
quartet, composed of Miss Lulu E.
Pieper, Miss Mary Webster, J. \\V.
Rainey and E. K. Johnston. 'After the
church services the body was borne to
Oak ' Hill Cemetery, where an immense
concourse of people was assembled. .
The services at the'grave were brief.
Dr. 'McClish offered a prayer after the
quartet rendered a'hymn and the casket
was slowly lowered into the grace.
The floral pieces from friends and rela
tives cohered = the casket. Many beau
tiful emblems were in evidence, many
of which; were inscribed .with senti
ments of love and veneration.
METHODISTS OF SANTA CRUZ
CLOSE JOYFUL CELEDRATIOX
Great-Granddaughter of Founder of
the Church Takes Partin
the Service*. ! . :^y
SANTA CRUZ. July' 30. — The Meth
odist jubilee celebratjoh of the raising
of the church debt- of $6000 and- the
fifty-seventh anniversary of the found-
Ing of the church closed to-day.' Bishop
Hamilton preached morning and even
ing. .. '. . ".. : . '\u25a0 ; . .' •"i
The church was founded in IS4B. The
organizer and first pastor. Elihu An
thony, still lives in Santa Cruz. He is
more than SO years of age. An interest
ing feature of the jubilee was the sing*
ing by little Eleanor; Little, a great
granddaughter of the first pastor of the
church. .She was accompanied -by; her
mother oiv a; melodebn.ithe : first' key
board instrument ever , used In a, house
of worship in Santa Cruz. : -. . • . -,\u25a0, .
BAPTIST YOUNG PEOPLE'S .- \u0084 ',
UNION- ENDS ITS SESSIONS
Sermon -at Tnln -Lakes : Auditorium : by
Rev. J. P. Currln Close* the
'\u25a0\r r '. ..'Convention. /•
:• ; SANTA CRUZ, -July : 3o.— The closing
exercises at the -. State / Baptist ; Young
People s; ; Union convention Vwerei held
to-day, at; the iTwin; Lakes \} Auditorium.
.The morning; sermon] was; delivered iby
Rev. W. F. : Harper of ; Redlands. Rev.
J. P. Currin- delivered the- sermon' to
night:^ .-- \u25a0 . ' . ".\u25a0•••' \u0084- ,- ; \u25a0 --'-
A OYSTER BAY.. July 30.— The President, ac
companied by .Mrs. Roosevelt and- several of
their ! children, 'j attended '• the morning • services
at , Christ . Episcopal Church to-day. - . No I offi
cial - vlsltora were » received by : the - President.
The calls made by = neighboring r«i«ti vcs RB(i
friends were entirely informal. . '.
BOARD READY
TO INVESTIGATE
Officers Detailed to Make
Inquiry Into Bennington
Disaster Keport to Admiral
STEVENSON TO PKESIDE
Reports From Hospitals Say
That All but Two of the In
jured 1 "Men Are Improving
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN; DIEGO, July SO.— Captain Thomas
S. Phelps arrived this evening from San
Francisco and reported immediately to
Admiral. Goodrich on board the Chicago.
He is to be the third member of the court
of inauiry which will begin its sessions
to-morrow morning on board the Chi
cago. Commodore ; Holland N. Stephen
son (retired) is the presiding officer of the
court, with Captain Moore of the Chi
cago and Captain Phelps as the other
members. Lieutenant Moody of the Chi
cago has been named as judge advocate.
His duty will be to see that the S facts
are all brought out and fully laid before
the court.
To-day was a quiet day on the Benning
ton and no work was attempted. It is
expected that . the . Bennington will be
moved into the stream to-day, as the
temporary machinery for electric light
ing, pumping and wrecking has been in
stalled. It is also' expected that at least
half of the uninjured members of the
Bennington crew, will be assigned to the
Chicago for temporary duty until they
shall again reach San Francisco, where
they may report : for reassignment to
other vessels.
Reports from the hospitals are favor
able. Of -the seven cases at the Agnew
Sanitarium the most serious are those
of Hallctt and Mueller, who are reported
to have held their, own to-day. The men
at Jhe barracks and the sailor at St.
Joseph's Sanitarium are all out of danger.
MINISTER WILL
DIE ON GALLOWS
Key. J. G. Kjwlihs of Georgia
Found Guilty of Haying
Been a Party to Murder
VALDOSTA, Ga., July 30.— Rev. J. G.
Rawlins early to-day was found guilty
of .being a" party to the murder of two
children of ,Rev.- and Mrs. W. L. Carter,
and unless a higher court intervenes
Rawlins and his sons, Milton and Jesse,
and Alf Moore, a negro, will have to
hang. The Rawlins boys and Moore
were found guilty of murder some time
ago.
Both Rawlins and Carter ' were for
years ministers in the Methodist church.
A feud started and Rawlins plotted to
wipe out the Carter family. It was ar
ranged that Moore and . Milton, Jesse
and Leonafd Rawlins should go to the
Carter, home and kill the parents while
they sat at the supper table. When the
children ran out they 'were to be. shot
down. The assassins, .however, arrived
after the evening meal. and could not
shoot through the'windows at their Vic
tims., Some noise caused Willie and
Fannie Bell Carter to. run into the yard.
Instantly the murderers fired and the
girl fell dead. The boy. shot through
the body, dragged himself into the
house and told who had done the firing.
He died soon after.
All nlgHt long Rev. and Mrs. Carter
crouched in their home. Through crev
ices in. the log house the Carters could
see the assassins creeping about the
yard, but whether their daughter was
dead or not they could not learn. Final
ly Rev. Carter reached his rifle and fired
through a crack in the door. • The shot
caused the -murderers to flee. Moore
confessed' the plot.
A New Fall Suit* to <D ||
Yoiir Measure at y I II
f/Mv j^i^^a. lances v\s wow j\s ,
iW '^Sl Look at the advantage we have in our tailoring dc-
'^l^^^^^^^^^Bl partment and you will see how we can undersell all
Ni^^^^^^^^Bp^fc other tailors from S> to fio on a suit:
' *f TTf^^^fßilf f3pr We buy cloth dircct fr° m the mills in lar g c ' Doits
S^^^^ySyr and get the goods at the mills' price. We are the
only tailors in town who can buy direct from the
\u25a0•'^^^^^EISB mills, because we are clothing' manufacturers as well
1 All other tailors buy cloth in suit lengths from job-
SS^^^^^H^^^l bers and pay a high price for it. The jobber makes a
'\u25a0^HHF^^^H In ordering your suit in one of our stores you save
\u25a0\u25a0'^PHF^^^^wl-' this P rofit ot ' the j ot> bcr, and at the same time get
' \u25a0\u25a0'^w'-'^^Pv'' g°°4 fi ttin g» g ood wearing clothes.
Our new Fall Goods are now on display. We have
IRIS IMiti j ust d ra P e d a thousand different patterns for you to
•' iiiill $ ec the suits we make to order for $10.00,
\ffp Jill $12 50, $15,00,- $20.00 and upward.
JEaplF- .-i.-fl^^^^k Suits satisfactorily made to measure Jor out-of-town customers
\u25a0^^® ' through our self-measuring system. — write for blank and samples.
Free Concert Every Afternoon - Art Reception . Room— Powell and Ellis Store— Ladies Cordially Invited.
'}^^vvi®@ a
:" Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Clothing '^ffNfe Pfe:
Two Large Stores HgP' .
: 740 Market Street and Cor. Powell and Ellis
SOON TO BEGIN
WORK ON CANAL
Land Owners' of Coliisa and
Glenn Comities Support
Plan to Finish Big Ditch
MANY AGUES PLEDGED
Farmers Who Opposed the
Project Fifteen Years Ago
Are Now Its Supporters
Special Dispatch tv Tho Call.
WILLOWS, July 10.— A meeting that
muns much for mc progress of th« Sac
ramento Valley and especially Glenn anu
Colusa counties was held at Maxwell
yesterday. The land-holders within the
confines of the Central irrigation district
met with the new owners of the Central
canal and irrigation district and discussed
the completion of the main ditch of the
.canal and the supplying of plans to the
farmeis of. western Glenn and Colusa
counties with water for irrigation. The
meeting was largely attended by repre
senative land-owners of the district. To
begin • work the company wanted 10,000
acres pledged to receive water when the
canal was completed. The representatives
of Colusa County pledged SWO acres and
there is more than this number offered
in Glenn County. Some of those present
agretd to buy water rights for every acre
owned by them in the district.
It was in the neighborhood of Maxwell
that, work on the old canal was stopped
fifteen years ago. When some of those
who thtn blocked the completion of the
ditch by legaf technicalities arose in yes
terday's meeting and pledged their entire
holdings, the assemblage broke into
cheers.
William Bogan, general manager of the
company, was present and addressed the
meeting. So confident was he that the
liberal terms offered by the company
would be accepted that he engaged be
forehand three steam shovels that will
soon be delivered along the canal route.
He stated that the land-owners were as
much ' interested in the completion of
the work as the canal owners. Three
crer/s will work at different points. The
steam shovels will *be worked nisrht and
day. They will remove 12.000 cubic yards
of earth every twenty-four hours.
The intake will be three miles farther
north than the one originally proposed.
There wi!! be three miles pt ditch to be
completed to connect the new Intake with
the completed portion of the canal. This
will be finished in ,three months. The
work on the new Intake will be retarded,
as condemnation proceedings will have
to be instituted against the owners of the
Kraft Tract in the northern part of Glenn
County. The !and is assessed at 110 an
acre, and the company wishes a right of
way over l«50 acres. Sixty thousand dol
lars was asked for this right. Th« com
pany refused and offered to arbitrate the
matter, but this was refused by the own
ers of the land. The mapping of the piece
of land in question is now being carried
on with the intention of taking the mat
ter to the courts for settlement.
One of the most difficult engineering
feats to be- done will be the construction
of a crossing - for the canal through the
waters of Stony Creek, a stream of living
water, which assumes Immense propor
tions during the flooded season. The es
timate for Ihis is $25,000. which is small
in comparison to the i6O.<XXK which the
original builders planned to spend on the
same work. • \ .
CARELESS FATHER IS KILLED \u25a0.- :i "
IX PRESENCE OF LITTLE SOX
Heavy Chars* From Gun He Palled
From AVoffon, Muzzle First,
Pierce* His Neck.
RIVERSIDE, July 30. — Daniel Marsh
of Riverside was instantly killed at
Winchester this afternoon by the acci
dental discharge of his shotgun. In
pulling his gun, muzzle toward him,
from the wagon the weapon was dis
charged and the heavy charge lodged In
his neck. The tragedy was witnessed
,by Marsh's little son. :
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, July 30.— There
have been tremendous rains throughout the
whole country and -the prospects of the wheat
crei> are bid. .
POLICE RAID
YACHT CLUB
Arrest Fifty Members for
Wagering Stage Money
on Phantom Horses
COUKT IS INDULGENT
Sentences the Ringleaders
to Return to the Club
house and "Draw. Corks"
Special Dispatch to Tb* C»n.
BATSWATER. N. V.. July JO.-Paat
Commodore John Dohse of ths Bays
water Yacht Club cheered up a week of
gloom by giving a racing party at tha
yacht club house last night that was a
startling success.
Samuel Graham and .Frank Griffla,
bookmakers, were ringleaders with tha
past commodore. They took their racing
sheets and their stools and a bundla o£
stage money as big as a clothes basket.
After parceling the stage, money they
began to sing the dulcet song of tha.
merry gambolier. 'The club members
took to it. Most of them knew the ropes
and plungeu gloriously as the phantom
horses pranced about the phantom post.
Fortunes were won and lost every min
ute and the stage money was showing
signs of giving out.
Suddenly the door opened with a crash,
and in rushed six policemen, in uniform.
"You are all pinched. If a man moves,
he will be put in irons," shouted tha
leader of the cops.
The merry guests of the past commo
dore gasped and looked to him for an
explanation. But he seemed as aghaat
as they.
"Is this a joke?" he demanded of the
police. :\u25a0 "/ \u25a0\u25a0
"Nary a joke; you are alf pinched. sur«
enough. Some one Just tipped oft! tha
captain and he ordered a raid on tha
house."
Dolefully fifty yacht club members
followed the police to the police station.
There, providentially, they were met by
Judge E. J. Healy. who knew them all.
and who consented to hear their cases
at once, so that they would not have to
spend the night in jail.
One by one they were brought before
the Judge. In vain did they protest that
it was stage money they had been play
ing the phantom races with. Judga
Healy regarded each sternly. He lec
tured them on the sins of gambling and.
overcome by the magnitude of the raid,
he said he would suspend sentence. All
escaped save the past commodore and tha
two bookmakers.
"As a penalty for scaring fifty mem
bers of the Bayswater Yacht Club, tha
three prisoners are sentenced to lead tha
fifty back to the clubhouse and draw
cork 3." was the sentence.
"Ha. ha. ha." yelled the crowd, but it
was not until many corks had been
drawn that they realized how they had
been fooled.
SOCIETY M.LV AND WIFE
HURT I> AUTO ACCIDEXT
Their Machine I« Struck by a Troller
Car In Camden, »w
Jersey.
CAMDEX N. J.. July 31. — An automo
bile in which John R. Valentine, a well
known society man of Philadelphia, his
wife and two friends were riding, was
struck by a trolley car here early this
morning. Mrs. Valentine suffered a
fracture of the collar bone and Mr. Val
entine was cut and bruised about the
head and face. They were taken to the
Cooper Hospital. The other occupants
of the automobile were not injured. Mr.
Valentine is a noted whip and Is master
of the Radnor Hunt Club of Bryn Mawr.
near here.
Bishop Hargrove Dying:.
NASHVILLE, Term.. July 30. — Bishop
R. K. Hargrove of the Methodist Epis
copal Church South is reported to be In
a dying condition at his home here. The
Infirmities of old age caused the Bishop
to resign the presidency of the Vander
bllt University board of trustees .thia
spring.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
GOLD IS FOUND
IN CARROT BED
Two Young Clerks Trace the
Precious 3letal Through a
fcunck of Vegetables Sold
TESTS SHOW GOOD COLOE
Italian Market Garden in
the West End. Alameda, the
Scene of Another "Strike"
OAKLAND. July SO. — Two enterprls
ir*g Oakland lads have discovered sold
in Alameda. all through a bunch of
carrots. They made a test of their
discovery to-day and found flour gold
at the very surface of the ground.
Whether sinking to bedrock would
chow gold in paying quantities is still
to be ascertained.
The f.nU was made in the vegetable
garden of Pazzoni Bros., the largest
firm of Italian vegetable gardeners in
Alameda. The epot is near the Borax
Works at the West End. The finders
are John Schwab and Bert Tuttle. two
young: clerks who •work for Tallman
Bros., fruit and vegetable dealers on
Thirteenth street, and the discovery
\u25a0was made through a bunch bf carrots
that your.g Schwab sold to a customer.
The two boys to-ld the Pazzonls about
their find and they made a search of
the carrot patch. They tried to sink a
hole to hit the hard ground, .but they
found that bedrock was too far away
for this to be a success and they
rocked out some of the soft surface
earth. Even this, with a dry rocker.
Bi;owed considerable traces of flour
eoid. ' : \u25a0\u25a0;:
The Pazzonls rewarded the young
gold seekers with a big dinner and
announced tlaeir intention of seeing
whether the ground would not produce
gold as well as red carrots. Traces
cf grold have been found in many places
through the hills back of Oakland and
In some places on the .flat, and it Is
generally believed that it will be struck
in paying quantities dt some time.
CUPID KEEPS
BUSY DURING
MIDSUMMER
\u0084 . \u25a0 -
; OAKLAND. July 30.— Cupid's dam have
•ternfrigly fa!leri broadcast during the spring
and durazner. and the coning month will *-it
ijess the< capitulation of many young people
well l:ncwn in Alamtda Ccunty society to
the little blind sod of love. '
Among U)-= weddings which have Just been
\u25a0ecnountt-d to take place in August, is that
of Miss Julia Ktnifcon. the daughter of the
Hiv. Robert "Ken ison, the rector of St. Mat
thew's Church of South Berkeley, v.ho will
be jiiarri^d on Fiiday evening, August A, to
Arthur Prau Mu&s*r, a well-known member
<Si tHe clerical start in the San Francisco of
tic«s pf the Southern Pacific Company. The
vtfj«3ir<g v. ill take place at St. Matthew's
Church, and the ceremony will be performed
by the- father oC the brid». Miss May Reni-
MB. & Filter ci the bride, will act as maid if
honor, end Claude Barton of this city will
Mrs, J. 11- Neighbor has just announced the
<r.^agfmenu of h«?r daughter. Mis Ada.
Neighbor, to Samuel Paul Pruitt, a prominent
Dumber cf ihe senior class ol the dental de
partment of the Atfilliated Colleges. The ived
oiHjr wetU take place on August U at the home
«' the liriue's ;ar?nts.
• Hi*- engagement of Hiss Elsie B- Leale. the
daughter cf Captain and Mrs. William Q.
L<ne, to Kred»nck Bruce Johnsjpne has re
cently been announced, and the wedding will
taiie »:'.ace at the home of the bride's parents
on Saturday evening, August J2. Mies' Lt-ale
is a jraduate cl tfce University of Califor
nia, liavi::g r*tn a member of th? class of
•10*<3, and th* bridegroom is a well-known
attorney cf Chicago, irhere the young cuuple
uili £»ake their l>ome.
-Mr. and" Mrs. il. 11. Coffee announce the
engagement of their daughter. Ada J. Coffee,
to L>r. Henry Kpiro of San Francisco. An
et home will be givon by the parents of the
brs<i«--to-b-s on Sunday. August (5. at th?ir
braje. 763 Fourtetiuh street.
«. A ccrcing wedding wbich has aroused much
lr.f^rctt in an circle about the bay i«> that of
JJj f .< Winifred B. Ytlland and lioger Sher
man rtielps. which is to take place In Oc-
U-ocr. The Crid^ is the daughter of the late
It. D. \>i:a:.o. «he famous marine and land
tc»j;e sriiht. who did about two years ago
»fi«:r establishing a reputation as onf of the
Je*-Jing .lilists of the Pacific Coast. Mr.
Pb«i|.s 1c a graduate of the University of
C«;:frrr.ia. Sim a^o <if Harvard, v/her* he took
a« J>estgrs<iua:e course in linglish and his
tory, tint* his graduation Mr. Phelps has
W~n a w-maor of tin- faculty of Ft. Matthew's
Military AcadTny at Swn Mateo. anj he has
iuM. I*en nppointe.l principal or the Willits
Hlph Pctod. . After th«-ir honeymoon the
young, couple will make thf ir honr.e at Williu.
••- • '
ThcVnragex.pr.t of Miss Mal>"l L. Reed, the
dEU^hier cf Attorney George \V. Tired pf Oak
la nj. and Harry Lan? of Lo* Anteles will be
lcrraally announced <ar!y in August.
.•• • •
Mrs. H. «. "'Avers, the mother of Deputy
<"it> Tr;Byurcr Hlohard Ayers, bas Juet re
(iut*: from a ten months* trip abroad, during'
wbtch'mf visited r.arv poinln of interest in
the Holy Lend and Northern Africa.
• . • \u25a0 ,\u25a0, \u25a0 c-:.
Mrs. Gordon Btolp is the swtt of Mr*.
R'-rr.i /~habot. at ths latfrs beautiful country
hcnif. rn-tr St. Helena.
Mr. anj Mrs. Joseph M. Howland *nter
tahied a rumKr of guests at their furanter'
lion.*> in Jlaiiiw.Ka County during July. Two
v«K»ks of that time r-crf spent in a delightful
trip to tii*- Yo»-<*mite Valley. The party in
••lude.l it f^Mrvilng OiklanJ peopje: "Mrs
VT; H. Virr-Mm. Mi?E <"«r?.- Pi*reon, Mr. and
Mrs. H. K. Whartcn Jr.. Miss Klizabrth .M.
I'loud. Miss Hel^n G. Honland and Mr and
Mr*. J. M. IlowUad.
President Hwiry C. King of Oberlin College
wiil 1«» th'- gue.«-t t?f horor at a dinner to be
Fiv-n ' v U*e «!:mi:l and students of th- col
lege in me '.ai-lors cf the First Christian
Oiurch <tn Tuesday ovcnlng, August 1. pt «
o'clock. L. I), rtathlxne i-< the chairman of
the ecmrniit?*" in cl'.arce'of tiie arrangements
for the affair. Pr:<?i<ler.t Kirs is now givinr
a course < f leciurrs at the rammer school of
lb«« UniversiU' cf California.
CHARGES ATTKMPTED MURDER.
OAKLAND. July So. — John Bost, a
negTo laborer, residing at 920 Fortieth
street, was arrested this morning by
Sergeant of Police Henderson, Patrol
man Mcrrick /ir.d. State Railroad Police
man F. H. Hall of Point Richmond on
a charge of assault with intent to com
mit murder. T. R. Rice, a Santa Fe
railroad porter, accuses Bost and How
ard Alexander, another negrro, with vl
ciously injuring him with an iron cus
pfdor. The" attack occurred July S at
Point Richmond. Alexander has not
been arrest <*d. | The cause of the quar
rel, according: to Bost. was a statement
made by Rlc* concerning 1 Bost's wif-».
STOLEN' JEWELRY RECOVERED.
ALAMEDA. July 30.— R E. Cross, a
sewing machine agent, is detained in
the City Prison on suspicion of having
stolen tij'o gold rings Irom Mrs. Marie
Heppel of 645 Central avenue. He vtjis
arrested this morning by Detective G.
H. Brown as he was. preparing to leave
the city. Cross roomed at the Heppol
residence. The mistress of the housi*
discovered yesterday that her golden
'ornaments were missing and reported
-her loss to the police. The rings were
recovered last evening In a pawnshop
in Oakland. Should It be proved that
Cress was the person who pawned the
jewelry he will be charged with petty
larceny.
NEW RITUAL OF YOUNG MEN'S
INSTITUTE IS EXEMPLIFIED
Alameda Members
Highly Pleased
; With Work.
Thirty Candidates
Are Initiated Into
Councils.
OAKLAND, July SO.— Opportunity was
given to the members of the Alameda
County councils of the Young Men's In«
Etltute" to-day to : witness the exempliflca
tlon of the' degree of the new ritual
of the order, which was adopted at the
last meeting of the Supreme Council,
held last fall In Colorado Springs. More
than three hundred members attended
the exercises, which were held in Pythian
Castle, beginning at 1:30 p. m., a class of
thirty candidates being initiated Into the
different councils of the county. The de
gree work was exemplified by the follow
ing team of grand and past grand of
ficers:
Past Grand President A. F. St. Sure,
Past Grand President Samuel Haskins,
Grand Vice President Charles Wllley,
Grand Secretary George A. Stanley,
Grand Organist Henry C. Costa and Past
Grand Director William Kelly. The in
itiatory exercises were held under the
auspices of the Alameda County Council
and the councils represented were Oak
land Council Xo. 6, Oakland Council a. o.
8, Livermore Council No. 47 and Alameda
Council N6. 24. I
Among those who attended the exer
cises were Past Grand President James
Whalen of Livermore, Grand Treasurer
William T. Aggeler of San Jose and near
ly all of the officers of the Alameda
County councils.
The visitors and the members of the
local councils met at 10 o'clock thismorn
ing at St. Mary's Hall, at the corner of
Seventh and Grove streets, and at 10:30
marched in a body to the Church of the
Immaculate Conception, where special
high mass was celebrated for the mem
bers of the lhstitute. The mass was con
ducted by Rev. Father Sesnon, assisted
by Rev. Dr. F. X. Morrison and Rev.
Father E. P. Dempsey, pastor of the
church. The sermon was preached by
Rev. Father Morrison, who told briefly
of the great growth of the Institute in
the last few years and commended the
activity of Its members "for their work
for the. ordjer. Special services were also
helu this evening for the members of
the Institute at the Church of the Im
maculate Conception, under the direction
cf the pastor, Rev. Father Dempsey.. ...
The ritual exemplified to-day is a com
posite of two which were presented for
Consideration at the last meeting of the
Supreme Council and embraces all the
best features of both. It creates four
degrees, and its action is dignified and
dramatic. After witnessing the new work
the members of the institute expressed
great satisfaction with the new ritual.
The new officers of Council No. 6 of the
Y. M. I. have been Installed as follows:
A. D. McKinnon, president; L. P. Snaer,
first vice president: T.J. Gallagher, sec
end vice president; A. D. Gervais, treas
urer: A. W. Waters, recording secretary:
W. V. Harrington, financial secretary:
George Waters, J. S.; D. H. Harkin. O.
S. : Dr. B. Stetson, medical examiner;
executive committee— C. H. O'Conner, M.
Madden. M. A. Mclnnis.
SU3OIEK SCHOOL 3IEX
TO HAVE BANQUET
Plans 3lade for Feast at the
St. Francis Hotel—Uni
versity Folks as Guests
BERKELEY, July 20.— The curtain is
about to fall on the summer school of
the university, next Saturday being the
time set for its last session. The lec
turers are to be tendered a banquet by
the Unitarian Club of San Francisco at
the St. Francis Hotel on Tuesday even
ing at 6:30 o'clock.
The final week of the school is to be
made noteworthy by a series of five lec
tures on Industrial education and country
life by Liberty H. Bailey, head of. Cor
nell's agricultural college and a writer
of renown upon topics pertaining, to
country and farm life. The first three
lectures, on Monday. Tuesday and Wed
nesHay eveningf. will be in Hearst Hall;
the remaining two, in the students' ob
servatory, at 4 o'clock in the afternoons
of Thursday and Frlflay.
Carl Snyder will deliver three more lec
tures on "The Beginnings of Science" on
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday after
noons in the students' observatory.
Professor Hllgard will lecture on soils
in the agricultural building on Tuesday
morning. • -; ""?.;".'.\u25a0'.
During the week all th<? regents' com
mittees will meet in preparation for the
rogents' meeting later in the month of
August. The last university meeting of
the summer session will be held on Fri
day afternoon, when President King of
Oberlin and Profesor Graham Taylor ot
Chicago University will speak.
POimiGUESE UXJOX
HOLDS BIG XEETIiW
Officers and Members of U. P.
E. C? From All Parts *of '
State at San Leandi'o. ,
"SAN LEANDRO, July 3.O.— Officers and
members of the Portuguese Union from
all parts of California are attending the
great meeting of the organization
which began here last night. The meet-
Ing opened with a parade through the
principal streets to "St. Joseph's Hall, in
which the oflicers of the Supreme Coun
cil and the uniformed companies of
Alameda and San Francisco partici
pated. ' *
On arrival at the hall Past Grand
President A. Fonte, the chairman of the
meeting, was Introduced by Trustee Jo
seph Barbeiro, and at the conclusion of
his acknowledgment of the introduc
tion brief addresses . were made by
Grand President Fraga and other grand
officers.
While the exercises were being, held
at St. Joseph's Hall a class of twenty
flve candidates was initiated at the; Odd
Fellows' Temple, the degree work be
ing conducted by the members -of the
Oakland drill team.
' A pretty feature of the exercises at
St. Joseph's Hall was the singing of the
U. P. E. C. hymn by 'twenty-five girls
dressed in the national colors of Portu
gal.
Returning to bis house at Argenteull. ;
in France, Hugh Gooding was shot at by
a discharged . employe, the bullet flatten*
Ing itself against a silver cigarette case,
which he carried Just over his heart...- •
\u25a0 . . . . .. . * \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• — - .. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO;; GALt. \u25a0 MONDAY;;: JULY -]31 ::i?O5.
OFFICERS OF THE YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE WHO ATTENDED THE EX
EMPLICATION OF. THE NEW RITUAL AT A. LARGELY ATTENDED GATH
ERING OF THE ALAMEDA COUNCILS IX OAKLAND YESTERDAY.
FREE DOCTORS
FOR SCHOOLS
Berkeley's Educational Au
thorities Provide Them to
Vaccinate Poor Pupils
BERKELEY, July 30.— Despite the ad
vice of District Attorney J. J. Allen, who
Informed the school directors of Berkeley
that the. law would not permit. them to
pay a physician's fee for vaccinating the
children of indigent parents, .the Board
of Education of Berkeley has decided to
offer free vaccination "to the poor and
to settle the. bills of physicians who do
the work.
This action was decided upon at a
special meeting of , the Board of Educa
tion held last night. Town Attorney H.
H. Johnson, now off on his bridal tour,
had informed the board in a lor g written
opinion that he believed the law justified
the school teachers in paying physicians
for vaccinating the children of poor par
ents in Berkeley. This" legal advice was
contrary to that received last year from
the District Attorney, ami it determined
the Board of /Education, to act accord
ingly. The ' District Attorney, had said
the board could pay only the \ expense
incurred in providing vaccine virus for
the .use" bf doctors' who vaccinated the
children of the poor. .;
Dr/George: lieinhardt, health officer, of
Berkeley, who 'had been asked by the
school board to "recommend three phy
sicians who would do the vaccination
worklfor. the school-board for a, nominal
sum, recommended that Dr. M. M. Bow
ley!; Dr. J. J. Benton and Dr. David
Hadden bff : tequested to assume the duties
of "official vacclna tors to the poor" and
the school board adopted his suggestion.
The three ; doctors were chosen in part
because they reside in different districts
of Berkeley, and; so. all parts of the town
will be equally well served by them.
Tho school board will pay $1 for each
child vaccinated by these three doctors.
Eefofe the operation is performed gratia
the child must bring a certificate signed
by parents or guardians, testifying that
the parents . are ', indegent and unable to
meet the ordinary charge for the service.
WIFE .FINDS HUSBAND DEAD.
ALAMEDA, July GO.— Ansolm C.
Hammond, a retired sergeant of the
United States army, was found', dead
in bed this afternoon "at'- 1 o'clock by
his wife at the family residence. 1517
Clinton avenue. Mrs. Hammond had
been visiting: a nephew, in East Oak
land and upon returning home dis
covered ' that her -\u25a0 husband . had passed
away. /.It Is presumed that he suc
cumbed to • heart-disease. Hammond
was a native ofKentj^England, aged-79
years, ajid " a« retired T sergeant of the
United States ; army. ".'-He had .lived *lri
Alameda for, twenty' years and in Cali
fornia for thirty r flve years. 'Surviving:
him besides his. wife are a Bon.Anselm
C. Hammond Jr., and a daughter, Mrs.
Charlotte Clark: The remains were re-"
moved to; the: undertaking parlors, of
Smiley & Gallagher, -where an* inquest
will be held. ", v^ :
BOY HVNTER WOUNDED.
OAKLAND. July SO.-^Frank Clements.
15 years old, .residing : at 715 " Castro
street; was'peppered wlthbird, shot this
morning while 'hunting- rabbits in the
Berkeley foothills. sfA'bpy. companion! of
Clements was?'/" careless \u25a0} withV . a ;; shot
gun and . accidentally) exploded a cart
ridge-within, .range '; of i Clements. '» : . The
wounded hunter. went to; the s ßeceiving
Hospital/ where a lbtof pellets.were ex
tracted from his right "arm,*, hand and
leg. The Injuries are-not : serious.
FIGHTS DEATH
FOR JUSTICE
Dr. J. H. Callen Trying to
Save Thomas W. Cook so He
May Identify Assailants
OAKLAND, July 30.-Dr. J. H. Callen
is making a stern fight against death in
the case of Thomas W. Cook, the young
grocer who was so "brutally beaten by
thugs a week ago last night. The doc
tor is exerting every effort and bringing
to bear every resource of medical and
surgical science to maintain, life in the
patient in the hop* that he may. be able
to positively identify his assailants.
But the injuryrupon thevheadis such
that it has paralyzed the power of speech.
The patient is in convulsions much of
the time, and but one lucid interval has
occurred in eight days;' Then it jwas not
expected. Dr. Callen seized j the oppor
tunity to mention names to him. The
doctor could onljr remember two of the
names, and he says that when these
were mentioned the young man struggled
to speak, but could not do so. Those
names were Blaker and Schneider. Cook
giving affirmative signs when they* were
mentioned. \ .
Whether death will win and, the police
be left to fight out a case or circum
stantial evidence, or whether Dr. Callen
will. win and Cook be able to identify his
assailants, is a question that will have
to be determined this week. ; for either
Cook will die before another seven days
have gone or '• he will reach the point
where he can tell who murderously at
tacked him. ' ..
Meanwhile Sheriff, Barnet is holding
the four young suspects. He has dis
covered nothing. that would connect Pem
broke and Crowhurst with the crime, out
is holding, thf m to see if Cook will not
recover, long enough to' say. who was the
third man that attacked him.. The
Sheriff believes | that he-has . enough evi
dence to warrant a charge against Blaker
and Schneider. Concerning the v case
Sheriff Barnet said to T day:
: "I have been sorting : over a mass of
stenographic notes that have been 'taken
during many interviews this week with
the prisoners aild: othors" interested in
this case. After, a . chreful revise of- the
evidence I : feel satisfied there .Is; ample
evidence against, Blaker and Schneider.
Unless something turn's up I. do hot "see
that we have a" case against either Cfow r
hiirst or Pembroke. ; We shall wait . a
few days before moving further as to
prosecution^ in the hope that Cook may
recover sufficiently to tell his story."
G. T. ROSSITER RETURNS, HOME.
ALAMEDA. July 30.— Gus T. Rossiter
of 2030 San ' Jose, avenue,- who was re
ported as having been drowned- nine
miles from; Seattle on the: 22d; ir.st., re
turned home to-day from the north and
learned for the^nrst time ,that. be had
been numbered iwith the dead in >a tele
gram that was .received here by his
mother, , Mrs. A. .Rossiter, and. signed
<;G.; G. Matthews.", Rossiter asserts /that
he is at ji loss to explain; why such an
untruthful and: cruel '^message.' should
be forwarded to : his ? parents but is . in-;
clined'to suspect a. fmember of a' pleas
ure party; with whom he;.; made r a trip
from.Seattle on an, excursion boat to^a
bathing \ resort and whom ; he'd id • not
see -when he returned on the. vessel.
Young Husband— lshalLbe'away two
whole days; really," Isabelle.'" you' seem
to ;\u25a0 I>c rather \u25a0:' glad I'm i going. Young
. Wif e^-How. catv I heli> it. Jack ? \ This
is the first chance" I've ; hadUoget a 1 let
ter from you since : we've t been*, mar
ried.—Life; '" \ ' - •-'-•/; \v
CHURCH-GOERS
LOSE HATPINS
Members of Congregation Say
That Eibbons Also Have
Been Taken From Headgear
SUSPECT LITTLE GIRL
Pastor Summons Police, Who
Take Marie 'Reiner, Nine
Years Old, to City Prison
' ALAMEDA, July 30.— Marie Reiner,
aged .. nine years, and a member of the
Sunday school class of the First Meth
odist Episcopal Church, was taken into
custody to-day by Detective G. H. Brown
and Policeman Louts Schroeder on sus
picion of having purloined a number. of
hatpins, ribbons and money from head
gear and wraps in the cloakroom of the
house of worship.
The arrest was made at the instance
of Dr. J. Emmet Clark, a member of tha
Flr6t Methodist Episcopal Church, who
telephoned to the police station that he
had observed the child searching among
ladles' hats and cloaks and suspected
that she was . the person who might be
responsible . for numerous petty thefts
that have been committed in the house
of worship recently.
When little Marie was searched at the
City Prison nothing was found on" her
person that would tend to incriminate
her and she denied having stolen any hat
pins, ribbons or cash. . She said that she
knew, of other girls who had done so arid
an investigation ",: will -be I made by the
authorities to. determine whether there
is any.: truth in her story.
Marie Reiner is the daughter of Cap
tain and Mrs. Charles E. Reiner of 1525
High street aqd is a student at the Wil
son Grammar School. Her' father is 1 a
seafaring man and her mother is at
present in Los Angeles, where. she went
a short time ago In the hope of ben
efiting her health. No charge has been
made against the child and after, being
closely questioned and detained at the
City Prison she was permitted to go,
with instructions to report to-morrow
morning to Chief John Conrad for another
examination. . \u25a0 .
WILSON GIVEN
A FREE REIN
President Has Full Confi
dence in His Ability to
Clear Out His Department
OYSTER BAY. July 30.— Secretary Wil
son of the Department of Agriculture is
expected at Sagamore Hill to-morrow.
His .visit will enable" him and the Presi
dent to discus^ the situation in the de
partment as it relates to the investiga
tions now in progress. All rumors of the
intention of Secretary. Wilson to resign
from the Cabinet may be put aside as
merely conjectural. The Secretary has
no present intention of leaving the Cab
inet and the President knows of no rea
son why he should resign.
The President; it may be said, reposes
implicit* confidence in Secretary Wilson
and is thoroughly satisfied that he will
solve the difficulties now presented to the
entire satisfaction, of the chief executive
and of the country. .
It is probable Secretary Wilson would
have come to Oyster Bay before this had
it not been for the unsettled condition of
his department, which rendered it prac
tically impossible for him to leave Wash
ington. . He is pressing every phase of
the investigations now in progress and
will develop every fact which the coun
try ought to know. That the President
is confident the Secretary will purge the
Department of any scandal that may at
tach to it is evidenced. by the fact that
he has "not interfered with the pending
investigations. All matters brought to
his attention have been turned over to
Secretary Wilson with instructions to in
quire into them.. This the Secretary has
done. and. his work has the approval ot
the President. . .. .
It is the determination of both the
President and Secretary Wilson to clear
the Department •of Agriculture of every
form of "graft." :
To this end the likelihood is that every
bureau of the department will be in
quired into 'carefully with, a view to as
certaining whether any such condition
exists as , was developed" in the Bureau
of Statistics: but .eftectivejy.
Secretary , Wilson has been working to
this end for many .months. Many em
ployes \u0084 of the* department have been
dropped from the rolls, practically with
out the knowledge of the general public.
Some have been dismissed outright, while
others have been permitted -to resign.
Assurances are given that no stone will
be left unturned to' eliminate every taint
of scandal in the Department of Agri
culture. - •_ \u0084.
FEELING FAREWELL i
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0TO THETAFT PARTY
Residents of Kobe Cheer
Until Train Leaves the
Station.
KIOTO, July 30.— Secretary of War
Taft and his party spent Sunday.morn
ing quietly. Some of the members of
the party attended church, while others
visited the terrjpies. . When, the party
left at 3 o'clock this afternon on a spe
cial for Kobe there was another re
markable demonstration. At the sta
tion; a great crowd awaited Secretary
Taft and Miss Roosevelt and began
cheering when theiricarriage arrived,
the^; ovation" continuing -until the train
started.-. The band played the national
anthemand VAuld ;Lang. Syne. as the
train drew away^from' the station. .
KOBE,; July SO.^—Secretary'' Tuft and
his party ; arrived' here. — s ,o'clock, o'clock this
afternoon' from, Kioto. ...They were the
recipients: of an enthusiastic;, welcome
from ! the : Gqyernor.'and *. the Mayor \u25a0 and
qity .officials^ and 'assembled- thousands.
Amid : ' a .-display ;, of * day. \u25a0 fireworks " the
party". proceeded _ to -the ; water \u25a0 front,
where a short reception .was* held. Sec
retary 'Taft "'and ; Miss.' Roosevelt, were
given a number of "presents.^ ,
, .Walking on the .railway near Cam
bridge,; England, an (engine "driver heard
a dog whine, and .found, that it. was lying
on the body . of ; Its a hews agent,
named; Hlnlori, who: had been killed by -"a 1
train. > " ,; \u25a0
MANY TRACTS
BEING OPENED
Dealers Offering Opportuni
ties for Small and Large
Investors in Eeal Estate
OAK PAEK ON MARKET
The Rapidity of Sales Shows
That East Side Property
Is Regarded With Favor
OAKLAND. July 30.— The opening of
new tracts of land continues In all direc
tions around Oakland, and the rapidity
with which these tracts ar© sold off
shows the demand for residence lots on
this side of the bay. / These.tracts. tracts that
are being offered in' subdivisions ar» of
all kinds, and the lots range In prica
from $100 in some sections to magnificent
private park sites in acre sizes to meet
the demands of the most fastidious.
The investor can find his own price,
and. his own terms, whether it be al5 a
month payment that Is like putting his
money in the savings bank arid depend
ing upon the increase in land values to
pay him interest, or whether it be a
large cash payment that would give the
purchaser immediate title. The fact that
these tracts .are sold offyilmost as soon
as they are offered to the public goes td
show- an unbounded confidence in the
future of real estate upon this sld© of
the bay, and it shows further that people
with money to invest are putting what
they have into land.
There ha 3 been such a development
around Oakland In the last few years;
street car lines have been and are being
built in so many directions ; new ferry
systems aro being established and pro
jected: new overland railroads are build
ing into this city as;to cause investors
to find that they can turn their money
over easily, and that big interest is made
by simply purchasing property and
holding.
OAK PARK OX MARKET.
Wickham Havens has just put the Oak
Park Tract upon the market, and in
order to handle this and other properties
he has opened an office in San Francisco
at 20 Post street. Mr. -Havens' Trill, still
continue to have his main office at 1213
Broadway In this city, but he is going: to
show outsiders what advantages are of
fered for residence and investment pur
poses upon this side of the bay. The
Oak Park Tract is located in what Is
known as the Piedmont District, and con
sists of the old Hitchcock or Pierce Tract
on each side of Boulevard Creek near St.
Mary's College, and it is one of the few
choice pieces still to be found near the
center of Oakland. A boulevard 200 feet
wide has been laid out along the banks
of the creek. , The creek will be terraced
and made a beautiful stream, with. little
parks at intervals. This boulevard, to
gether with all streets, has been dedi
cated to trie city. There are thirty-two
acres in the tract, and from the desir
able character of the property immediate
sale Is 'expected.
The Baker Tract in Fruitvale has been
two-thirds sold off in a. very few months,
and .there arc -already ten homes.. In
course of construction, showing that the
purchases were generally made for home
purposes. This tract Ms .owned by the
Realty. Bonds and Finance Company of
1172 Broadway, Oakland, and. the Syndi
cate Investment Company of Fruitvale
la acting as the local agents for the
o rtv *MKfi —
\u25a0In the., growing section of Haywards
many good tracts are being offered. All
around this lively little burg property Is
being offered in acres, and many pur
chases are being made in advance of the
time when the Western Pacific Railroad
builds through this section and when the
Haywards electric line is rebuilt and a
fifteen-minute service is put on between
Haywards and Oakland. Ramage &
Stanton of Haywards have a number of
such tracts in hand that the firm will be
glad .to show. P. Wllbert of 529 Castro
street. Haywards. also has a good list of
such properties.
BERKEIiBY PROPERTIES.
The Mason-McDuffle Company, with of
fices at the corner of S.hattuck avenue
and Center street. Berkeley, has a num
ber of tracts at all prices. The Nortn
lands Tract in North Berkeley commands
a magnificent view, with lots ranging
from SSGO to $750 each. Hopkins Terrace.
In the same section, has lots as low as
$300 each. Falrvlew Park, which is at
the southern entrance .of the university
grounds, has lots at $900 each. Claremont
Park is what Its name Indicates, a pri
vate residence park, with lots ranging
from $90rt to $2500 each.
The Realty. Bonds and Finance Com
pany, in connection with Blrdsall & Craig
at Berkeley Station. . have Woodlawn
Park on College avenue on the market.
A large number of the lots are already
gone. .
Warren Cheney & Co. at Berkeley are
offering selections . from the Wheeler.
Hopkins. Bateman and other tracts that
have already proved their value.
W. J.. Mortimer Is handling the Uni
versity Heights Tract, which i 3 selling off
very rapidly.
R. A. Berry, in the postofflee building
In Berkeley, has a portion of the Berry-
Bangs Tract left. This was a very pop
ular tract.' '
H. A. Pleitner. at Fruitvala Station,
has a number of properties in this sec
tion. They are on the line of the West
ern Pacific Railroad.
Charles F. Lee of Frpltvale Is offering
lots In the Lee "Boulevard Tract as loir
as. sloo each and no shanties are allowed
on the tract: .' . "
Holcomb, Breed" & Bancroft of 108)
Broadway have half a dozen different
tracts upon the market, and are prepar
ing to open several more during the
coming week.
F. F.- Porter has just returned v from an
extensive Eastern trip, returning. by way
of the Portland fair." Mr.. Porter has been
making, a % study of Eastern real estate
methods during. his. absence.
. R. . M. Anthony : has returned from a
European tour, and will resume his real
estate business, at his 'old address.
A new firm of. real estate men has
opened ' nfn>:>s in Oakland. Sternberg &
Lindner*. -JC3 Eleventh, street.; is the com
pany. : The members of the firm are P. L.
Sternbersf: and .O. F. Llridberg.
-_;M. J..Laymahce, president of the Lay
mance Real Estate Company, and Parker
Lyori. the new Mayor of Fresno, have
gone ' fishing in . Lake County.
ram. at >*icamo gives big
.crowd "night of pleasurb
Druid** Dance \* Attended hy Manx
Peraosxs From San Rafael and
Other Points.
vNICASIO. July 30.— The. ball given In
the Nlcasio.'HaJl last night by Nlcaaio
Grove-No. 42. -.united LAnclent Order of
Druids. -jwas a. moitjcnjoydble aftalr/.-'A
large^crowdof rrierrjv dancers attended.
A number of people came from San Ra
fael. V Novato, -. Olema, "\u25a0 Point Reyes and
other points.
SPEND A JOLLY
DAY IN MARIN
Annual Picnic of Riggers'
and Stevedores' Union Is
a Very Pleasant Affair
BIG CROWD IS PRESENT
Fifteen Hundred Persons En
joy Several Pleasant Hours
at Park Near San Eafael
Special Dlapatch to Tb« CalL
SAN RAFAEL. July 30.— The annual
picnic of. tha Riggers' and Stevedores'
Union was held at Schuetzen Park to
day. There were about '1500 persoa3
present. Altogether tha day was a
pleasant one. " The dancing pavilion was
thronged with a merry crowd all day.
There were twenty-eight sanies, three
valuable prizes being offered In each.
There were 277 grate prizes, the first be
lns $50, donated by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. P. D. Harthorn
was chairman of the general committee
and A. C. Holmes Its secretary-treas
urer. J. J. Flanagan. R. J. Buckley, p.
Goodwin, Phil Branlgan. T. Asmusseh.
T. Burnes. J. Dillon. M. O'Brien. G.
Palla and J. Barnacle were on the com
mittee of arrangements.
SAX FRANCISCAXS WIX PRIZES
" AT-THB RANGE Vt PALO ALTC #
Adolph Strecker Capture* First Honors,
W. S. Hartter Second,' O. A. Bremcr
Third, D. B. Faktor Fourth.
PALO ALTO. July 30. — Adalph
Strecker. the noted San Francisco
markman captured the honors to-day*
at the shoot 0/ the Palo Alto Rifle Club.
He won first prize with a score of Tl
out of a possible seventy-five. - W. S.
Hartter won the second prize with a
score of 70. O. A. Bremer took the
third with a score of 69 and D. B. Fak
tor annexed the fourth with 63. Oliver
Sanders of Palo Alto came next with
a score of 67. He was the only suburb
anite within the money, the others be
ing from San Francisco. The club dis
tributed $500 In prizes. A bis crowd
from San Francisco witnessed *tae
shooting. \u25a0 •
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
PARISH BAZAAR PLANNED.— Oakland.
July 30.— Th« Catholic Ladies'. Aid Society of
th- city, will give * garden f?t» and bazaar aC
the Lome, on Eighth »tre*l. on August 10.
The committee that has charg* of tha affair
is composed of Miss Katherine ilahar, Mrs.
T. P. Hogan. Mrs. J.. J. McCarthy. Mrs. M.
B. Brady Mrs. P. Sweeney. Mrs. W. J. Bar
rett. Mrs. J. McClenigan. Miss E. McLaren
and Mrs. J. J. F«nerow. >v.v»* -
PROMINENT PHYSICIAN TO LEAVE.—
Oakland. July 30.— Dr. J. L. Mayon of this
city will remove to Vallejo, as the representa
tive.'of a number of fraternal orders in that
city. Tha orders which have induced Dr.
Mayon to leave Oakland are: Forester3.or
America. Ancient Order of Forestsrs. Inde
pendent Order cf Foresters. Alba Circle, Com
panions of tha Forest; Farragut Circle. Com
panion* of the Forest: Knights of the Macca
bees and Fraternal Order of Eagles. - .
J* J. KONIGSHOFER-S WlLL.— Alamed3.
July 30.— Under the provisions of the wiir of
the late J. -J. Kontgshofer. which was fiivi
for probate - yesterday the estate, which la
stated In the petition to be worth over JIO.WK'.
but which Is estimated to be worth more than
$50,000, is divided between the two children
of the deceased. Leon Konigshofer and Mf«.
Jennie* A. Goldbaum. To the son is left tha
local dry goods business which was conducted
by Kontgshofer for twenty-flve years.
UNITARIAN CLUB REOPENING.— Ala-»
meda, July 30. — Edwin Emerson, who was
a member of the- historic Rough Riders and
who recently returned from the Orient, where
he served a* a military correspondent. wiu : 'de
llver an Illustrated lecture on "The War hi
the Far East" before the Unitarian Club,
which reopens Wednesday night after a vaca
tion of two months. Miss Pearl T. Ilcssark
will render a series of Russian songs and Miss
Ethel Duke will give a piano recital from a
prominent Russian composer. Ladies will bo
the guests of the club on this occasion.
NEW TIME CARD FOR MILLS COL
LEGE. — Oakland. July SO. — The California
Railway to Mills College and Leona Height*
has chaegeJ its time card to connect with th<»
trains cf the ?outhern Pacific Company jat
Twenty-third avenue. Eleetrlc cars will on g
nect at Twenty-third avenue with the b atjr
leaving San Francisco at 7' a. m and eve?y
hour during th» day until 6 p.. m. At th*
Oakland mole the Alameda and Fruitvale train
should b« taken and not the regular Oakland
local. From • Oakland the electric cara wtlj
connect with the Alameda or Hayward-J cars
leaving Thirteenth street and. Broadway at 10
minutes past the hour and . from Alameda- at
23 minutes past the hour. . .....
"He used to kls3 me every time we ,
passed through a tunnel before our *
marriage," said the little woman, with
sad reflections.
• "And does he do so now?" asked tha
bosom friend. "
"No. he takes a drink."— Spare, ilo
ments. • '
ADVEKTISKMEXTS,
tfa'si ip c\ ip> tr^
There are times when life
seems a burden — when you are
tired, worn-out, have dull pains
in the head and a continual
feeling of uneasiness. \u25a0 You
have no appetite, and your di-
gestion is poor: your sleep
broken, and you get no rest;
Little annoyances seem great
mountains of 'trouble, andyotJ
are blue, melancholy and given
over to gloomy forebodings.
This means low vitality — ex^
hausted brain nerves.
For this condition Dr. Miles'
Restorative Nervine is a spe-
cific ; it is a.food for the nerves.
It builds up the nervous sys-
tem, and restores lost energy.
Try it to-day and see if your
sleep is not sound and refresh-
ing, and the morrow brighter
and more hopeful.- ;
"I am glad to announce that I.hay»
recovered my health, as far as my
advanced age will permit, as I am 82
years old. My case was very bad:
my nerves were all shattered. 1 suf-
fered much pain and coldness; was no
weak and felt so sad and lonely and
heart-broken. When - 1 commenced-
takinsr Dr. Miles' Remedies I was com-
pletely prostrated. - I have taken tn«-
Restorative Nervine. Heart Cure and
gry and LlvjrPlg. "-^^g"*
Waterloo. ; lad.
Dr. Miles- Nervine U aold by your
druggist, who will ouararitee that tho
first 'liottle will benefit. If It fa Us; ha
v/UI refund your money. . . *
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, ladCHAMPIONS FALL TWICE
BUT RETAIN PENNANT.
Seals Slug Harder
Than Tigers at
Right Time.
Big Crowd of Fans
Roots for Home
Team.
The first half of the baseball season
of eisoo was ushered out yesterday
with the Tacoma Tigers leading the
Seals by half a game. It was a great
finish, and had the Seals taken just ono
more contest they would reign as
champions. Yesterday's double victory
brought them within striking distance
of the Tigers, but that one game
loomed up as big as a mountain in their
path toward the pennant.
Even though the" race was already
decided an immense throng was on
hand to see the tinal contest. It was a
ball grarre full of goodness and bad
ness, luck and misfortune. The Seals
had all the former, while the Tigers
managed to corral the latter in large
and juicy chunks. The final score was
7 to 4, though the result surely would
have been different if a hit had came
through for Tacoma in the last in
ning.
The game wended itself along for
two hours and ten minutes. Roy Hitt
was wilder and more erratic than ever,
but he got away with some brilliant
plays and luck never deserted him.
The Seals clouted the ball for fair
when hits were needed and in this way
managed to plug along and get away
with the game.
San Francisco could not get on the
tags till the fourth, when with two
stowed away Mohler doubled over' third
tnd Hildebrand singled to right and
stole. Brown purposely walked Irwin,
bat Nealon did just as well; slapping a
single out to left and bringing two in.
In the seventh Brown was a target for
nearly overy man who takes money
from Uncle Hank. They slammed and
walloped that ball to every remote cor
ner of the lot and chased four runs in
on five hits.
Truck Eagan's double scored Nor
dyke in the sixth, which was the first
one for the Tigers. During the eighth
thc-y began to show remote signs of
life once more and hammered Hitt for
t-Tiothcr pair. With two out in the
ninth nobody could make good, so the
gamo rame to an c-nd when a hit or so
might have turned the tables.
Tht most sensational incident of the
contest happened in the third
when tho bases wore filled md but one
down. Hitt had pitched himself into a
hole, but he got out of it to a spectacu
lar manner by winging both Nordyke
and &.gan out on strikes.-
Tlip Sohls and the Tigers leave this
evening for Taeoma, where they will
inaugurate the second half of the sea
feon. Oakland and Portland will open
up here, while Los Angeles, goes to
SejUle to engage- the Siwashes. - The
s«.-«jre: ;
SAN* FRANCISCO. '
AB. K."BH. SB. PO. A. E.
r- f 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
T»8ldro:i, c. f 4 0 0 0-0 0 «
M« hW. 2l> ...4 1 20 3 2 O
llii'iPU-.ziKi, If 3 .2 I 2 0.-0 O
Irvvln. 3b 3 1 2 1 2 O 0
N<>aKn. lb 4 1 2. 0 8 1 2
Sh<a. c 3 1 0 0 10 2* «
\Vfcee!*r. s 4 1 1 0 1 4 1
Kitt. p 3 0 1112 0
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
t*>>>. r. f 3 O 0 0 2 0 0
Sh^han. 3b 4 O 1 1 0 0 0
Nordyke. lb ..4 1 1 0 11 2 0
Kapan. s. \u25a0, 4 1 3 0 O 3 0
McLaughlin, 1. f. ... 3 1 0 0 2 O O
Lynch, of 5 1 1 1 2 0 0
Casey. 2b 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
<3raham. c 3 0 0 0 5 1 1
Erown, j? 2 0 0 0 2 4 0
Totals 32 4 6 2 24 14 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Taccma 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 3 o—4
Base hits 01 000102 2—6
Ban Francisco ..00020041 x— 7
.Base hits 0 0 0 3 0 0 5 1 x— it
SUMMARY.
* Two-base bite— Eagan. Wheeler. Hitt.
Lynch', Mohler. Sacrifice hits — McLaugblin,
Brown. Doyle. Shea. First base on errors —
Tacorca 3. First bate on called balls — Off Hitt
6. off Brown 1. Left on bases — San Francisco
4. Tacoma 12. Struck out— By Hitt 8, by
Brown ii. Hit by pitcher — Graham, HiMebrand.
I>ouble play — Spencer to Shea. Wild pitch —
Hitt. Time of same — Two hours la minutes.
U mj>ire — Perlne .
- . -- \u2666
Irivln Break* It Up.
The morning game went eleven in
rinps and Charley Irwin broke it up
•with a double-sacker In the last period,
when tie scored Joe Nealon from ee«
ond. "Williams did not allow the Tigers
a single hit after the second inning.
They managed to entice their only ruu
home In the first round, but never tig
ered after that time. The score:
'\u2666*V TACOMA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dcy'.e. r. f 6 1 2 0 7 1 0
Ehoeh&n. 3b 5 O 0 0-3 0 0
Norfiyke. Ib. 4 O 0 1 8 2 1
Dagari, ». s -.... 4 0 10 12 1
McLaughlin. U 5 0 1 0 2 0 0
Lynch, c. t 4 0 0 0 10 0
Caeey. 2b 2 0 0 0 6 3 0
Graham, c 2 0 0 0 3 2 0
Fitzgerald, p 4 0 0 0 I 1 0
— — — — —
TcUI. 33. 1 4 I'3l 11 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. B. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Fpeneer. r. f 5 » O 0 2 O 0
WaMron. c. t 5 t» 0 0 4 0 0
Mohler. 2b 4 0 0 1 1 3 0
Hlldebrand. I. 1 5 0 10 2 0 0
Irwin. ab 3 2 10 3 3 0
Nealon. Ib 5 0 3 0 14 0 0
Ehea. c 3 o I 0 6 1 O
"UhMrler, «. « 4 0 2 0 2 6 0
Williams, p 3 0 0 0 0 1 1
Totals 37 2 8 1 33 14 1
•One out when winning run was ecorc-d.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Taccma 1000000000 o—l
Baee hits. 3 100000000 o—t0 — t
San Fran... 0001 0 0 0000 I—2
Base h'.ts. 0002011110 2—B
SUMMARY-
T»o-bas<! hits— McLaurhlin. Shea. Nealon,
HUdebrand. Irwin. Sacrifice hits— Graham 2.
First base on errors — Tacoma 1, Ean Francisco
2. First base on called barls— Off Fitzgerald
4 off Williams 4. Left on bases — Tacoma 7,
Ban Francisto 9. Struck out — By Fitzgerald 1.
b> Williams- 4. Jilt by pitcher — Irwin. Double
plaj-f — Irwin to Shea to Nealon: Doyle to Nof
<lyke- Time of game — One hour fifty minutes.
UjEpire — Pcrine.
WALTER CHKISTIE LOWERS
AMERICAN KILOMETER MARK
Drives His Cis .Machine Over the. DI»-
lance In Wonderful Time of
SS tiecoodx.
CAPE MAY. X. J., July 30.— Being of
ficially timed to-tlay by Sara Butler,
secretary of the Automobile Club of
America. Walter Christie, .in his 120
horscpowcr autoniobilo. reduced the
American kilometer record by making
the distance in 2Z second* flat.
He made BcveraJ attempts, but could
not reduce his own time further to
day, his best later time being JZ 1-5
seconds. He will try asrain for the
world's kilometer and mile records on
August ID.
Former Archduke Leopold has becoma
a private in the Swiss army.
RESULTS OF GAMES.
San Franolseo 2, Tncomn 1.
Una Krauctsco 7, Tavouia 4.
Portland ."!, Seattle 3.
Seattle 4, I'ortland 1.
!<<»* Angeles .", Oakland 4.
Los Angrclca 7, Oakland 1.
STAXDIXCi OK THE CLUBS.
(PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.)
' W. L.. Pet.l W. L. Pet.
Tacoma ...*V: un ..'«;! Portland .. .4T lCf-' .4«1
!?. Fran W 11.1 .r.«« .....id OS .451
L. Angeles. s(J ICS -519XJak!and ...45 ICS .417
One Game in Six
Is the Best the
Giants Get.
Garvin Saves Honor
of Team With
Good Wing
i PORTLAND, Or.. July SO.— Hall's Sl
washes have succeeded in taking five
[of six games played with the Giants
-on the home grounds. To-day \u25a0 Mc
c'reedie's men took th»: morning game,
but the visitors had it all their own
way in the afternoon in the final con
test of the season.
Poor playing before a big Sunday
afternoon crowd was responsible for
the defeat of the Giants. Corbett
helped throw the game away by several
bad tosses in fielding bunts. Shields
had the opposing baxsmeri under his
thumb, except when McLean's two
bagger brought home Van Buren in the
sixth. Garvin's wing was in good
shape in the morning and the Siwashes
could not solve his delivery.
The ex-fireman was wild and tUe four
runs made in the second, third and
fourth were too much of a nan Heap *o
be overcome. The Portland team leavt-s
•for San Francisco to-night and will
open the second hat* of tne season with
Oakland. The scores:
MORNING GAME.
PORTLAND.
AH. K. BH. PO. A. E.
Atr. ss 3 10 .•. 5 '0
McCreedie. r. f 3 1 2 0 0 0
Fleming, 1. f 4 0 2 0~ 0 0
Householder, c. f 4 0 0 3 0 0
Van Buren. lb 4 0 0 14 1 0
McLean, c 4 11 5 1 v.
•French, 2b 3 1 1 2 1 f
Runkle. 3b 3 I 2 O 4 0
Garvin. p 3 0 1 0 4 -0
Totals 31 5 9 27 16 0
SEATTLE.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Walters, r. f 4 1 1 1 0 0
Kane. 3b 4 0 1 :i 2 0
Blankenshlp, c. 4 0.0 5 2 0
Hart. c. t 3 1 1 1 0 o
Houtz. I. f 3 1 1 2 01
Frick. 2b. 3 0 0 0 01
Frary, Ib. 3 0 2 4 1 0.
R. Hall. 86 \u25a0/. 3 0 0 1 3 0
Fitzpatrick, j> -.3 0 0 1 2 1
Totals 30 3 6 24 10 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Soattle 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 I—3
Baee hits 0 2 0 1 10 0 0.2—6
Portland 0 112 0 0 0 1 x—sx — 5
- Base hit» 2 2 1 1 0 1 0 2 x — 9
SUMMARY.
Struck out — By Gavin 6, by Fitzpatrick 2.
Bases \u25a0on balle — Off Garvin 2. off Fitzpatrick
2 Two-base hit — McLean. First base on
errors — Portland 1. Left on bases — Poitland 4,
Seattle 3. Sacrlflc hits — French, Frick. Stolen
bas<£ — Atz, McCreedie, French, Runkle 2.
I Hit by pitched bail — Runkle. Wild pitches — .
Fitzpatrick G. Garvin 1. Time of game — One
hour and 30 rninutee. Umpire — Davis.
AFTERNOON GAME.
PORTLAND.
' AB. K. BH. PO. A. E.
Ats. s. s o 0 2 2 4 0
Cates, 2b 2 0 0 13 0
Freming. 1. f 4 O 1 3 0 0
Householder, c. t. 4 O -1 1 0 0
Van Buren. lb 3 1 O 15 0 1
McLean, c 4 O 2 3 2 0
French, r. 1 4 0 0 10 0
Rankle. 3b 4 v 1 1 3 0
Corbett. p .-.'.' 3 0 0 0 2 2
•McCreedie 1 0 0 0 0 O
ToUla Zl 1 7 27 14 3
SEATTLE.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Walter*, r. f B'-.O 2 2 0 0
Kane. 3b 4 0 10 10
Htrt. lb. 3 1 2 11 1 0
Houtz. 1. f 3 0 0 0 0 1
Frick. 2b 5 0 0 2 :{ 0
Fmry. c 4 2 3 9 0 0
R. Hall. s. s 2 1 0 0 1 1
McHale. c. f 3 0 0 1 0 0
Shields, p 2 0 1 2 2 0
C. Hall, r 10 10 10
Totals 32 4 10 27 9 2
•Batted for Corbett In the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 1 1 0 0 2 0 0 0 — 4-
Bas* hlta .-212 0030 1-I— lo
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 o—l
Base hits 102101011—7
SUMMARY.- ,;•,.
Struck out — By Corbett 1, by Shields 's, by
C. Hall 4. Bases on balls — Off Corbett 3, off
Shields 2. Two-base hits — McLean, House
holder. First base on errors — Seattle 2, Port
land 1. Sacrifice hits— Hart 2. Houtz, R. Hall
2 McHale, Cates. Stolen bases — Houtz, Mc-
Lean. Hit by pitched ball— By C. Hall 1.
Left on bases — Portland 10, Seattle 10. In
nings pitched — By Shields 6. by Hall 3. Base
hits — Off fchlelds 5. off Hall 2. Time of game —
One hour and fifty minutes. Umpire — Davis.
SCHMIDT HELPS SAN JOSE
GIVE OAKLAND A BEATING
Lodl Takes One From Fresno, While
San Francisco Fall* Before the
Stockton Nine.
SAN JOSE. July 30. — In a fast and
exciting game of ball at Cyclers' Park
to-day the San Jose team defeated th«
Oakland nine by the score of 6 to 1.
"Pretzel" Schmidt was on the mound
for the champions and held the visit
ors down to five scattering hits. Tyson
was touched up for seven hits, three
of which came In the eighth and re
sulted in three runs. Tom Feeney, who
was for a time with Seattle, was on
the champion's line-up and played a
good game around second. Cy Russell
at short was in great form and cut off
many possible hits. He accepted seven
chances without an error and was
strong with the willow. The features
of the game were the box work of Ty
son and Schmidt, the fast plays of the
locals and two rapid doubles. The um
piring of Doyle gave complete satis
faction to. both teams. A large crowd
saw the visitors taken Into camp.
FRESNO. July SO. — Lodi defeated
Fresno to-day by a score of 4 to 2. The
Fresno : team was unable to set .to
gether and seven errors, coupled with
six hits off Hopkins' delivery, tell the
Ftory of the game. Ingall3 held Fresno
down to four hits. The score:
n. H. . c.
Lodl 4 t; 3
Fresno U 4 7
Batteries — In trails and Antrad; Hopkins and
Kuhn.
STOCKTON. July 30.— Dad decisions by Um
pire Harper was the feature of to-tlay's game
at Oak I\»rJc. Score:
R. H. E.
San Francisco .....:....• 3 r. :{
Stockton .....*... 7 ' 8- 1
Ufttteries — Flynn and. Conrad; Ferguson and
It-Murray. Umpire — Harper.
Lnrlinc Attracts Attention.
Adolph Spreckels* b»eutlful iaunch Lurllne
\u25a0<*as out . on the bay -yesterday and attracted
much attention as *he swiftly glided past the
water front. On board were John D. \u25a0 Sureck
cls, Mr. and Mrs. J.I). Soreckels -Jr.. Mr.
end Mrs. Harry Holbrook. Mlkw 'Grace Spieck
els. Hermoan Oclrichs and others.
THE- SAN FKANGISGO; CALL. JULY: 31, 1905.
Angels Finish Up
With a Double
Victory.
Each Game Played
in Less Than
an Hour.
LOS ANGELES. July 30.— The feature
of the double-header which. closed the
I first half of the season here, was the
quick time In which both games were
played. The first barely ; ran : over
three-quarters of an hour and the sec
ond was of nearly as short : duration.
-The Angels won botl» by timely hitting.
The first game comes- within half a
minute of breaking the world's record,
which was made at : San. Franciscoy in
1593 when San Francisco and Oakland
played a game in forty-seven minutes.
Both games are records for the Pacifip
Coast League and the fastest played in
professional history in many years.
Scores:/ .... •:-.\u25a0 -... / .." , .'.. .
'- ..:-. MORNING (JAME. ,\ ' // :
LOS ANGELES.
' ' '\u25a0 AB. R. BH.'SB. PO. A..E.
Bernard, c. f. ....... 4 1; : 1 23 0 0
Flood. 2b............ 3 0 0 10 1 - 0
•Smith. 3b... ......... 4 0 2 0 . 3 \u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 2 '\u25a0\u25a0. 0
Dillon, 1b. ........... 4 11 0 11 1 0
Brashear. s. 5.......3 1 .1 0 : 3 5 0
Ross, 1. f 3 0 0 0 -'.: 3': O : 0
C'ravath. r. f.. 3•> 0 2 . 0 2 0 0
Easrar, c. 3 (» 001 2-0
Hall, p...... :. 3 0 0 0 1 : 3 0
T0ta15... ....... ...30 3 7 3 27 11 0
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. c. f 2 0 0 13 0 0
Francks. s. 5..... ... 4•' 0: : 0 0 2 1:\u25a0 0
Dunlcavy. 1b. ....... 4s. 0 o ' '" O ti 0 0
Krugrcr. t. f.........4 1 1:0000
Graham, p. 4 .0; 1 0 1 0
Devt-rcaux. 3b 3.0 10 110
Kelly. 2b 3 0 0 <> 3 5 0
Stanley, c.'.-.V: .30 10 3 10
Hosan. 'l. t.... .301 O-3'O 0
T0ta15... ......... .30 1 5 1 24 9 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles. ....O O 0 2 0 0 0 ] x— 3
Bas-e hit 5...... 1 10 3 0 1 0 : 1 x— 7
Oakland ..... 0 0 o^oolo (v— 1
Base hit 5...... 0 110 0 0 2 10—3
si'MMAity.
Two-base hits— Smith 2, Cravath. Left on
hases — Los Angeles 4, Oakland 3. Bases on
I balls — Off Hall 2, off Graham 1. Struck but —
By Graham 2. by Hall 1. Passed ball— Eagar.
Wild pitch — Graham. Time of game— One hour
thirty-seven minutes. Umpire — Knell... ;
AFTERNOON GAME.' :
LOS ANGELES...
- AB. R.'.BH.SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard, c. f. .. 4 1 :2 ,0 3 0 0
Flood 2b 4 11 0 ti 0 0
Smith. 3b. ......... 4 1 1 0 12 0
Dillon, lb. 4 0 2 IS) 11
Brashear, s. s. .... 4 1 2 0 1 7 1
Ross. I. f ......3 1 1 0 4 10
Cravath. r. f. ...... 3 0 10 1 0 0
Eagar. c ..4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Goodwin, p. ........ 3 0 0 0 03 U
Totals ..........33 5 11 1 27 11 2
OAKLAND. .
AB. R. iiH. .SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, c. f 4 0 1 O 3 l» 0
Francks s. s. 4 O 1 0,2 4 o
Dunleavy. lb 4 1 2 0 7 2 0
Kruger. r. f. ....... 4 110 10 0
Ho«an. I. f. 4 0 1 0 2 0-0
Devereaux. 3b. 4 0 0 0 1 3 O
Kelly 2b ...3 0 1 0 3-3 0
Stanley, c. 3 .1.0 0 4 1-0
Plerci. p 3 1 _O _0 J.._o J
Totals 33 4 7 0 24 13 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNLNGS.
Los Angeles ... 0 20 03 0 00 x— s
Base hits 2 3 0 14 0 0 1 x— ll
Oakland 0 0 2 0 0 2 0 0 0 — 4
Base hits 00202300 o—70 — 7
"summary.
Two-base hits — Dunleavy. 2. Kelly, Smith,
Dillon, Ross, Hogan. First Dase-on errors —
Oakland 2. Left on bases — Los Angeles 5.
Oakland 2. Bases on balls — Off Pierce 2, off
Goodwin 3. Struck out — By Pierce 1. Double
plays — Kelly to Francks to Dunleavy; Flood to
Dillon to Brashear. Time of game — One hour
and fifty-one minutes. Umpire — Knell.
GIANTS TAKE ADVANTAGE
OF REDS' BAD FIELDING
Cardinals Ilcffln to Climb Up by Wln
nlner a Double-Header From
Boston.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York ..Ott 25 .725 Chicago ....50 32 .610
Plttsburg ...58 33 f. 637 Cleveland ...53 35 .602
Philadelphia 63 37 .."»:»: Philadelphia 4S 35 .57$
Chicago 62 40 .S»S "Detroit 4. - S 42 .60C
Cincinnati ..46 46 .500 New Y0rk... 39 41 .4SS
St» Louis 35 4H .371 -*>ston 3i> 43 .47U
Boston 29 62 .3U .t. Louis 32 52 .381
Brooklyn ...27 &4 .3ti 4 '» ashington 30 54 .357
(NATIONAL LEAGUE.)
CINCINNATI. July 30.— Poor base running
kept down Cincinnati's score and bad fielding
gave the New Yorks ino6t of their runs.
Merteß worked a neat double play in the fifth
inning by trapping Hugglns' short fly and
throwing to second, where two' of the Cincln
natians. were tagged. Attendance; 10,000.
Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 7 S
New York i. « 11 1
Batteries— Ewing end Schlel: McGlnnlty and
Bresnahan. Umpires — Johnstone and O'Day.
CHICAGO, July 30. — To-day's game, a pltch
erb' battle, went to Philadelphia on Magee's
base stealing and Dooln's last -work behind
the bat. both of his throws to second resultlng
in double plays. Attendance, 14,000>- Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 1 4 0
Philadelphia 2 »4 2
Batteries — Brlggs and Kling; Duggleby and
Dooln. Umpire — Bausewlne.
ST. LOUIS. July 30. — St. Louis tpok both
games to-day from Boston. Brown and Wil
lis pitched effectively In the first game, the
only run belnz scored on .Willis' wild pitch.
Taylor was hit hard in the flret and last in
ning, but St. Louis had six runs to nullify
the Boston rally In the last Inning. Attend
ance. 12,600. Scores: .
First came — R. H." E.
St. Louis .-: • 18 1
Boston • 0 5 1
Batteries — Brown and Leahy; Willis and Mo
ran. ". .:.\u25a0; . • '
Second game — R. H. E.
Et Louis C 0 1
Boston • - 5 11 0
Batteries — Taylor and Grady: Young and
Moran. Umpire — Klem,
Deer Season Opens To-Day.
BOULDER CREEK, July 30.— The
deer season opens here to-morrow. Ow
ing, to the prohibiting of running deer
with dogs the woods are teeming with
the elusive buck. In adjoining coun
ties of Santa Clara and San Muteo,
where the . chase with hounds is 'al
lowed, many-of. the deer have sought
refuge in Santa Cruz County until it is
no unusual sight to see two, three and
as high .as five deer"! feeding .on the
nearby hills in plain- view of Boulder
Creek. The outlook for good deer
hunting, was; never brighter and an<in
vaslon of sportsman is expected. \u25a0/
TRIES TO TtOB. DRUNKEN" JAPANESE.—
Policeman Proll saw two men fall into a door
way at 433 % Dupont street about 4 \u25a0 o'clock
yesterday morning. He-;foun<i a man : named
Winnie Rose, a waiter. so.Tig , througa . the
pockets of 11. Swamoto,; a -Japanese. . Proll
picked up an empty : purse, but the Japanese;
who was Intoxicated-, -said; that Kose had takrn
only a gold . watch ' from \u25a0\u25a0 him. \ Tho .: watch
could 'not .be found. Rose was : booked at the
City Prison on \u25a0 a charge of grand ia'rceny and
the Japanese was locked* up; for being drunk.
WANTS INFORMATION ABOUT I.ISS
Chief ; Dinan received a letter ycster.lay from
George G.'Marally. Consul- of The Netherland-s
asking hts assistance In locating. Gustaaf Her
man Lisa, 24 : years . of ; age, a native of the
Island of , Java. - Lisa* \u25a0 parents \u25a0 are anxious to
hear- from, him-- ' He, arrived ln ; this- city last
Novembf r and was . last heard of at the i Olym
ola House. 00t> Twentieth street, in April. •\u25a0-\u0084- \u25a0-
PLUNGES INTO THE SEA FROM DECK
OF THE COAST STEAMSHIP BRUNSWICK
Suicide W. Berry Leaves Clothes
and Money . on Deck.
MYSTERY SHROUDS THE TRAGEDY
: W. Berry, a ; passenger ; on the : steam
ship Brunswick, which arrived here yes
terday, jumped overboard some time i dur
ing : Saturday; night and was drowned.;
The Brunswick left Fort Bragg Saturday
morning. \u25a0: Captain Ellefsen reports that
when off Point Reyes some time during
Saturday night Berry 'disappeared. The
officers of the vessel found piled: up on
thedeck Berry's coat, vest and trousers,
in the midst of; which a woman's
straw hat. In [ the ; trousers wasj found
$25. As soon as the discovery of the
clothes \ was made ; Captain Ellefsen
caused a search to be; made of the ship.
Berry was the only man; missing. To
whom the woman's straw .hat belonged,
could hot; be ascertained, although every
body on board the ship was questionea
regarding? its \u25a0 ownership. : The : missing
man !\u25a0 is described as being between 25 and
30 years old. When: he came on board'
the Brunswick he; appeared: bright* and;
cheerful and mingled freely with the pas-:
sengers. ; Nothing regarding his anteced
ents! was known onboard the ship. The
Brunswick was fourteen hours from Fort
Bragg to this port.
Goes to Mare .Island.
The United States monitor Wyoming passed
through this port yesterday -.on: her .way . : to
Mare Islßnd/ She was in tow : of .the Gov
ernment tug Unadilla. : The Wyoming started
up from Panama : over-:a ;.'• month ; ;'j ago. .; When
she got as far as Acapulco her engines and
boilers began to show signs of weakneFs.^ and
Commander Roller cabled ; to Admiral', MeCalla
the condition of affairs. Commander : Roller
stated that he thought; he : would be able .: to
get a« far as San Dloeo, :and at that, point
he asked the Navy Department to be ready
to assist him with a towboat If necessary. As
pooh as Admiral McCalla received this . wire
he cabled to Honolulu and ordered the ; Ill
fated \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Bennington to go to ; San Diego and
await there the arrival of the Wyoming. Be
fore • the Wyoming reached San Diego the
terrible catastrophe of the- Bennlngton ; took
place. When the Wyoming learned of this, as
she was nearing San % Diego, she continued
her course up the .': coast. . : Just before she
reached Port Harford she.: IoM. the blade of
her propeller and was compelled to put in to
that port. . Commander ! Roller then wired f or ;
further assistance, with the result that the
Unadilla: was pent to Port Harford to brinr
the Wyoming to Mare Island. . . : -, '\u25a0:.;\u25a0 =, -:-,-.•
Wheat for Gnnymas.
The . Kcsmos . steamer ; Theben will leave
Union wharf No. 1 2 at noon to-day for Guay
mas and' way ports.;; She will carry 1000 tons
of milling wheat. The Kosmos liner Ammon
will sail for the same .port about Aueust 22.
The Arm-on will carry 1500 tons of wheat.
This wheat is being* rushed to the Mexican
port so as to arrive there before Auscust Jl,
at; which time the resumption of duty on im
port v;heat will be renewed. ; ,
Cbaogrs on Barracouta.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company's
steamer Barracouta, which has been plying
on th-? coast for many years as a combination
passenger and freight carrier, is shortly to
have the superstructure removed. .At the
same time her limited passenger accommoda
tions or. the mnin deck will be '" taken out.
After these changes are made -. she • will " become
a freight carrier only. . ,'
Open Branch Ilqatlipuse.
The original Henry Peterson's boathouse has
opened a branch. house on Me'lggs wharf. Here
the launch Surprise has been put. in .service
and will be on hand day and nieht to wait
on those wanting prompt water front service. :
%VIII Not Stop at Panama.
The steamers of the Kosmos line trading
between this port and Hamburg .will not stop'
at- Panama until the sanitary conditions have
bf*n improved at that port, and until the
wharfage facilities are increased.
Marlposu Is Expected.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Maripoea Is excreted ' to arrive - to-day from-
Tahiti Her trip has been of longer duration
this time than usual owing to the fact that
she laid over for Beveral days at Tahiti for
the celebration at that port of the Fall
of%the Bastlle." Among her passeneers are
Mr. and Mrs. Robert D. McElroy.
Ammon Due To-Moitott.
The Kosmos liner Ammon, due to-morrow
from Hamburg, via Mazatlan." brings 15, 0C0
bag 9 of coffee. Nine thousand bags she brings
from Ocos Beach, which were damaged at that
place by a tidal wave.
Sonoma Due To-Day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Sonoma Is due to arrive to-day from Sydney,
via Auckland and Honolulu.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
- Sunday. July 30.
U S stmr Wyoming. Roller, 24 hours from
Port Harford. In tow of U S tug Unadilla:
Mare Island direct. . . _
Stmr Celia, Hansen, 15 ' hours from Albion.
Stnir Brunswick. Ellefsen. 14 hours from
Fo Stm^ r cf hglc 0' Norberg, 13 hours from Union
LlftmrL 1ftmr g Queen. Cousins. 54 hours .from Vlc
t0 St a mr Samoa.. Madsen, 40 hours from San
e stmr Brooklyn. Carlson. 11 hours from Men
d9 Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Chehalls. Johnson. 30 hours from San
Pedro via Ventura' 2S hours. -
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson. 93 hours from
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 43 hours from San
Pe stm'r Coqullle River, Olsen. 70 hours from
"sfmr^Maegle: Whitney. 4 hours from Half-
Nelson 24 hours from Eureka.
ItSr Sea Foam? Miller.- 14 hours from Men
dC Schr'- Bessie K. Stark. 13 hours "\u25a0\u25a0 from San
Tscn^MarTc 5 ; Campbell." n hours from Bo-
SAILED.
Sunday. July 30.
Stmr Navarro. Jacobs. Eureka.
Stmr Maggie Whitney. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Santa Uosa. Alexander. San Dlfgo.
Stmr.Marshfield, Dettmers. Hardy Creek. .
Stmr Alcatraz, Fredericksen, Grecnwcod.
Stmr Alcazar. Wlnkel. Greenwood.
Stmr Meteor. McFarland. . Seattle. . .
Stnir South Coast. Olsen. Caspar
Stmr Nebraskan, weeden. . Honolulu via Se
attle. - ' „ , •
SchrArsus Peterson. Eureka. . . •
:Schr Santiago. Larsen, Monterey, in tow
: of ti'K Defiance. „ ' \u25a0
i Schr Esther. Huhne. Olsen. Coos Bay.
; Schr-Melancthon, Wlkman. Coos Bay.
Schr Chas Ii Wilson, Sandbere. Grays
Harbor. 4 . - ,
Schr Virginia Nielsen. Astoria.
Schr Albion, OlKen. Bandon _
Schr Gen" Banning. .Thomas.' LaFaz.
' TELEGRAPHIC. )
POINT LOBOS, July 30 1" p m — Weather
thick- wind SW: velocity 10 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC • PORTS. {, -..
TATOOSH— Passed In > July. SO— Ger ship
Najade from I ' Yokohama for Vancouver; -etmr
Gco Lobmls," hence July 26 for Seattle: ship St
David, from Dutch '. Harbor; ' Ger -: ship Carl,
from Taku for Port Townsend. \u0084 ,- >,
Passed out 1 July HO— Stmr Asuncion, for San
Francisco; Nor etmr Titanla, for San Fraa-
EUREKA— Arrived , July 30— Stmr laqua,
with Ftmr Lakme in tow. hence July 28.
Sailed July -SO — Schr Ida. McKay and stmr
Pasadena;- for 'Kan Francisco: stmr. Grace, Dol
lar, for "San -Pedro. -' :
COOS BAY— Arrived July SO— S.mr - F A
Kilburn, from Eureka. : . .
: -.Sailed July 30^-Stmr V A Kliburn. for As
toria. ' •'•• \u25a0 '*--\u25a0 ' ' \u25a0 '•*"\u25a0 "'. \u25a0*"\u25a0-' ','\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'" \u25a0."\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
- PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July T.O-^-Bktn
James Tuft, : from \u25a0 Honolulu; . Br- liark Haw
thornbank. from.Hlogo. \u25a0; . 'r
Passed in July - ."0 — Schr Robert- Searles,
from San Diego for, Everett. \u25a0'.
Passed -out; July " 30— .Schr ; Ensign, from
Everett "for San .Pedro. * .- • -. — , . , ;
PORT HARFORD — Sailed July 2tV— Stmr
Coos Bay, tor: Pan Francisco. July 30— Stmr
Whlttler. with barge; Santa' Paula^ln tow/ for
Portland. -\u25a0 ' - - , t- •
.-• BANPON— SailPd July, 20— Stmr Elizabeth,
for San Francisco. : ,' - \u25a0
'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Arrived . July 29— Schr \u25a0C \T Hill/, hence
July 13. •\u25a0•• ;.', " \u25a0 •\u25a0;\u25a0:\u25a0
The IVcather j Report.
(120 th meridian— Pacific Time). :
SAN FRANCISCO, July 30—5 p. m.
\u25a0The following are the maximum \u25a0 tempera
tures : reported from stations In California to
day: -;:.:•.\u25a0;-/, \u25a0;.•-;.-:/; : ; .. \u25a0 ...\u25a0:'\u25a0:..\u25a0 ; -\u25a0-.:.-.'.\u25a0:...\u25a0
Eureka. ;. : . . . .v; . . . : 60 Los Angeles. . .'. . : . ; ; ~S
San Francisco...... 00 Sacramento ........ 78
Independence ...... 00 San Luis 0b15p0... . 70
Red 81uff. . .... :'...: 02 San Diego. . . . ; . 70
Fresno : ....;... ."...OCI :'\u25a0:.. \u25a0 .: . *
I : THE COAST RECORD.
; ..stations. , % \u25a0;\u25a0:•; ic•% g. <o : - : 58,-^=.
-\u25a0:\u25a0 ;:-*'\u25a0;.:\u25a0;:\u25a0:•\u25a0 -'-:\ :::.^--:? : ; :\u25a0:;\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0:/\u25a0::. •\u25a0- : §,
\u25a0-..••. -. .--\u25a0 . :\u25a0.\u25a0.,• 5 -s;-; \u25a0:•.-.:\u25a0\u25a0 \ \u25a0:.:;\u25a0
Baker ....29.90 M 5C NW Ooudy .01
Carson .......29.84 80. 60-W Clear .00
Eureka ......30.02 CO 56 ~W .\u25a0': Cloudy '.00
Fresno ....;.. 29. 84 96 60 NW Clear ".60
S.E: Farallon.3o.o2 58 54. W Cloudy .UO
Flagstaff...:. . 20. <J0 70 43 SW CTear .48
Independence .2K.78 »K> i5B SE . Clear ..00
Los Ange1e5... 20. 94 78 60 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpdis.2».O7 70 63" .-'-W i.lear .00
North Head... 29.08 Uns'W' W Cloudy .00
Phoenix ...... 2J1. 78 OS 76 NW Clear .13
Pt Reyes Lt..29.9S 50 .-'- 52 NW Foggy .00
Pocatello .... .20.90 &S 02 S Pt.Cldy .38
Portland . ... .29:80 90 64 NW Clear .00
Red 81uff. ... .29.82 92 64 S Clear : .00
Roseburg; : : . .29.92 90 62 NW Clear : .00
Sacramento . .29.88 78 54 S dear ':":;. : - .CO
Salt Lake..... 29. 92 86 .. E ' Cloudy Tr.
San Francisco. 3o.o2 . 60 54 TV Pt.Cldy .<X»
San L: 0b15p0.29.98 70- 84 W Clear .00
San Diego. . . .2U.92 70 02 W Clear .00
Seattle ...;... 29.90 :80 5« NW Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane ..... .29.84 83 58 N Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh ... ...29.92 60 -50 ;SW: Pt.Cldy .00
Walla Walla. .29.78 9R , «« NW Pt.CTdy .00
Winnemucca .29.80 92 '60 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Yuma . . .... . .29.78 102 74 S Clear .00
WEATHER CONDIT.'ONS AND GENERAL
: \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 ;' ' FORECAST. : : . \u25a0'\u25a0-.:'
\u25a0 ' Cloudy ; or foggy weather prevails along the
coast from central; California northward ana
generally cloudy weather over the plateau and
Rocky Mountain; region; In other sections of
the Pacific slope It Is fair. Light showers have
fallen over Arizona, - Utah. Idaho, Western
Montana and the eastern portions of Oregon
and Washington. have oc
curred at Kallspel, Baker City, Pocatello, Salt
\u25a0Lake City, ;Modena. Flagstaff and Phoenix.
The pressure has risen over the southern
portion of the Pacific slope and fallen over
Washington and Oregon. -'\u25a0-
\u25a0": : The temperature has fallen rapidly; over
Utah : and ;ldaho. : =;
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours \u25a0 ending midnight, July 31:
-San Francisco and vicinity— Foggy Monday
morning, becoming fair during the day; fresh
west wind. • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"- : \u25a0'•\u25a0;'\u25a0•\u25a0•\u25a0•\u25a0
: ; Ix>s Angeles and vicinity— Foggy Monday
morning, becoming : fair during the day; light
west wind. : :
Sacramento -Valley — Fair Monday: light
t-outh wind. . : .
San Joaquln '.-. Valley — Fair Monday: light
north wind. '\u0084- ,
Coast — Foggy Monday morning, becoming fair
during the day; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday. ...
\u25a0 G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
, - . Temporarily in Charge.
SAN* PEDRO— Sailed July 29— Stmr South
Coast : and ,- stmr Homer. ' for Sari - Francisco.
' Arrived • July 3CH-Stmr Francis. H Leggett
and stmr James S Hlgglris.- hence July 2S;
sehrs David Evans \u25a0 and Borealls. from As
toria. \u25a0 . : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 !.'.-. :\u25a0--.- .
SEATTLE— Arrived July 30— Stmr Hum
boldt, from- Skagway; stmr City of Topeka,
from Alaska. -
Sailed \u25a0 July 20 — Stmr ' Asuncion, for San
Francisco. July . 30— Stmr Jefferson. for
Skagrway. *. r *..--. ;
ASTORIA— SaiIed July 30— Stmrs Aurella
and Roanoke-. for .San,,F,rasclsco. v - •
SANTA BARBARAr-Salled July 30— Stmr
State of California for San Francisco, g
WESTPORT— SaiIed Juliy 30 — Stmr "West
port, for San Francisco. .<i *>a< •
Arrived July- 30— Stmr Point Arena, hence
July 29. \u25a0:. -n ' - " .' " ;
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— SaiIed July 29 — Br stmr Mlo
wera, for Sydney; schr W H Marston, for San
Francisco.
FOREIGN* PORT.
VICTORIA— SaiIed July CO— Nor stmr Tl
tanta. for San Francisco.
Sailed July 29 — Ger* stmr Germanlcus. hence
July
Arrived July 30 — Ger ship Najade, from
Yokohama. /
» OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 30— Stmr I'm
brla. from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr
.Parisian from Glasgow and Movllle.
LIVERPOOI^— Arrived July 30— Stmr Etru
rla. from -New York; stmr Lake Champlaln.
from Montreal; stmr • Mongolian, from-Mon
treal and Quebec.
\u25a0 BOULOGNE— SaiIed July 29— Stmr Noordam.
for New" York.
LONDON— Sailed July 30— Stmr Minnehaha,
for New Yorkv \u25a0 ' . \u25a0-. • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed July 30— Stmr Lu
canla, for New York.
DOVER — Sailed July 29— Stmr Graf Walder
see. for New York.
LlZARD— Passed July 30— Stmr Kroonland.
from New York, for Dover and. Antwerp; stmr
Minnetonka, from New York for London.
Memoranda.
Per stmr Brunswick — July -20 8:13 p m, W
Berry, passenger. Jumped overboard and was
drowned three miles southeast of Point Arena.
j^aiSt^L. "Superior Quality"
THE BEST "
EHRMAN BROS. & CO., Distributors.
NOW IS YOUR CHANGE TO BRING YOUR
FRIENDS OR RELATIVES FROM EUROPE !
Through Rates to California From
BtUEENSTOWN ... .... ... $71.25
I VERPOOL J.........:....... 7 ! . 2 5
LONDON . ............... . . . . 74.25
GLASGOW ........ .... 74.25
X\\ mi IM t%£gstagZ9§&&BM&B&B!B&& \u25a0 7A 5<
liUOLflll ......................... '_* *T,O^ \u25a0 ... ,
COPENHAGEN ........ ; 75 00
MALMO / \u25a0 . .:;.....: 75.00
GOTHENBURG :. ...:... . . 75.00
Proportionately low rates "from "airother points by
the Old Reliable Gunard Line; Safest and quick-
est line across the Atlantic. , . "
S 'J- -These; rate's'' good only for limited time. Purchase
tickets at once: '•; If you 'can't' call; send ;the 'money
and we will furnish you with- the; tickets: ' -
S. F. BOOTH, .1 Montgomery St,
: •: Cen. Agt., U. P. R. R. Co., . S«n Francisco, - -
Cunard S. S. Co. : " ; - California.
.\:.\u25a0'\u25a0 - i . ' . -
Mov«nent» of Steamers.
'"'\u25a0-":_-_ ".'...' \u25a0 TO ARRIVE. >
: : Steamer.- - ; |'V,-. v ".'\u25a0' From. \u25a0..\u25a0.: : I Txx*.
Chas. Nelson, j Seattle & Tacoma...... July 31
Kllzabeth. . . . X Coqullle River ....... -.{July Sl
Coos 8ay... ..( Sau Pedri> & Way Pons.July 3i
b. uoiuixi. .. Victoria .... . . •• - >'"f v } y ?. 1
H0mer. ...... b*in r*dn> \u25a0•\u25a0- •••\u25a0•• • • - - - ' J July, uly ?.;
. Portland & Astoria.... jJujy -I
Mariposa..... Tahiti ......... ...-iJuly
state vi Cat... San Diego & Way Ports, Juy 31
SoUuma ...... Sydney & Way Poru....Juiy Ji
stquota.:.. .-. . .'\>lhapa Harbor *.. l Au *- ;*
uaiuaa.... ... lqulque ..... .-• ....•••l-Aug. 1
Amnton.V. ... Hamoure & Way Ports, Aug. yl
P0m0na...... 11umb0iat... ......... -\AUn. 1
S. Monica .... Grays Harb0r.. . . . ..... [Aug. ; -
vn'itadiu.... Biiu i\.uru...... ...... -|AU£. ; 
! N0rw00d..... bun ' ; P«<lro.-....V..".....|Au5. -
I tilbtria. ...... v.niua & Japan .......lAug. \u25a0;»
I K0an0k«...... Portland & Way Ports, Aug. 2
Aureila .'.-....: Portland t Astoria... t Aug. -
St. -Pau1...'.". . Ponland & Astoria... tAu*. •*
Arg0......... teel Klver Ports .*.*.{ Aug. .2
Curacao...... ->it?xic«in Ports ....... -fAug. tf
M. V. Plant... Coos Bay A; Pt. Orford.iAug. 3
Pt. Arena..... Mendocino & Pt. ArenajAug. 3
P0m0... .. Pt In t Arena* Albion.jAug. a
Santa Rosa.'.'. San Diego i Way PortsiAug. 0
H0mia. ....... Newport & Way Ports. |Au*. V
Corona.. Humboldt ....|Aug. 4
! City** utb.o.; . ufcei bound Ports....; Aug. i
I «:»»cuae. . '."..\u25a0; i'ortlar.d & Astoria |auk. *
South Bay.'..: Portland & Astoria. [Aug. 5
ban fiuio. . . «iray» Harbor. . ...... . .|Auif. 5
! Jean1e. ....... Seattle <& Tacoma. .'.'.'.. Aug. 5
G. Undauer.. Grays Harbor ...... Aug. 6
Nor th Fork ... Humboldt ............. Aug. «
Columbia-.... Portland & Astoria.... lAug. 7
F. Kllburn. . . Portland * Way Port3i Aug. 7
San Juan ... N«w York via Ancon .. Aug. 7
N*vadan..... Honolulu and Kahulu..|Aug. >
Rainier.".;.:'.- Seattle & Belllngbam—iAug. S
Umaillla..... Pug«?t Sound Pv.rt«. ...tAuu. a
\u25a0;• -; •\u25a0.\u25a0;\u25a0-\u25a0- \u25a0 .;.- ; ;--;i-: i...T0i ...TO- sail.'; \u25a0-:\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' -'\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0.-.\u25a0 \u25a0
Steamer .Destination. | Sails. l Plar.
: '.V--- -\u25a0:.."\u25a0-.,. July 31. I \Z „
Redondo.;.. Astoria & Portland) 7 pmJPler
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... I 2 pm Pier ltf
•i-heben....- Hamburg & Way.ll2 - m Pier 19
Homer:.... Grays Harbor » pmiPler —
Chehalla.... Grays Harbor... . .. JpmiPler 2
C0r0na..... Humboldt ......... |l:30 p Pier 9
N Fork.... Humboldt .........I 9 am|Pl«r 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland-11l anrPier 24
Eureka..... Humboidi ........| 9 am[P er 5
Breakwater. Coos Bay "........' 5 pmjPkr J
Elizabeth:.. Coqullle River .... I 5 pm: Pier 20
Chas Nelsor Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmiPier M
August a. I
S Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 amiPler 2
Norwood ... I Grays, Harbor. .... . . (Pier -
Sea Foam..' Point Arena ...... 4 pm|P er 2
Arctic...... Humboldt ..... 9 am;Pler -*
Coos Bay... San Pedro <t Way. 9 amiPler 11
Coptic. . China Sz Japan.... 1 pm[Pler 40
Roanoke. . . . Loa Angeles Ports. 7 pmjPjer 5
Vanguard.. Humbolat -.[lo amPler 2.
AnKUSt 3.- J I
Areo ...... Eel River Ports.. J 3 pm Pier 2
Can M*teo. Nome A St.Mlchael! .IPler 19
Pomona.... Humboldt il:3op!Pler »
etateofCal San Diego i Way. » am, Pier 11
Queen ..... Puget Sound Ports 11 am.Pler 9
- Ausust 4. I
Northland.. Astoria &. Portland 9 am | Pier 27
Außuat 5. I
Arizonan... Honolulu & Kahulul .... ..[.......
Porno '.'.'\u25a0. Pt Arena & Albloni 6 pm-PWer 2
M. F. Plant. Coci Bay j 4 pmlPier 11
Pt. Arena... Point Arena I 4 pmjPler 2
Sequoia..... Willapa Harb0r... .112 mjPler 20
City Panam N. 1 Y. via Ancon.. |l2 m[Pler 40
Aurelia...- Astoria *& Portland! spm Pier 27
St Paul.... Astoria & Portland. ill am Pier 2»
August 6. [ :
80n1ta..... San Pedro & Way. 9 am.Pler 11
Marlposa... Tahiti .... .:..... 11 amjPler 7
.-\u25a0.-- ' '. - -i AußUit 7. ' \u25a0..-'\u25a0\u25a0:'\u25a0 \u25a0'-. .
Ccracao.... Mexican Ports '10 am|Pler 11 !
- AngMt 8. } \u25a0 I
Cascade.... Astoria & Portlandl 5 pmiPler 2 I
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. lll amiPler 9
August 0. I
F. Kllburn. Portland & Way.. 2 pmlPler 27
August 10. I
Sonoma ; Sydney & Way Pts 2 pnrPler 7
Jeanle. ' Seattle & Tasoma.l 5 pmjPler 20
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. I Satis.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Portsfjuly 31
Excelsior feward & Way Ports.. Aug. 1
Ohio. .-• Nome * St. Michael Aug. 1
Santa Clara. .. Valde= &\u25a0 Seward Aug. 2
Dolphin | Skagway ft Way Ports. Au?. •»
City Seattle...! Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. \u25a0*
Portland ! Cooks Inlet & Way PtsjAug. 10
Senator i Nome & St. Michael. -Au<. lo
Jefferson ! Skagway & Way Ports "Aug. 10
Oregon I Nome & . St. Michael. .[Aug. 13
Son, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surv-y—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTIS — The high and low waters occur at
the cKy front <M!sslon-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. JULY 31.
Sun rises • 3:1.1
Sun sets 7:2-J
Moon rises (new) " 4:32 a. m.
C Time! Time ITtmel Time
% Ft. Ft. i 1 Ft. Ft.
P (L W| H W (L W| H W
31 I 4:43';— 0.6111:36! 4.7! 4::J4[ 2.«;i0:29| 5.9
1 5:23— 0.7J12:34| 4.9| 5:-'l| 2.4)11 JSI 3.9
2 ( fi:06',— 0.5! I:lft' 5.01 «:10j 2.3! I
IH AVI" IL-Wl " IH W IL W
3 I 0-OK! 5.« ! «:4S f—o.2;f — 0.2; 1:47 i 5.1! 7:(«! 2.t
4 l:05> 3.3!, 7:321 0.2J 2:2~>! 5.3! 8:01j 1.9
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day In. the order. of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given ar» la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
Klven Is subtracted from . the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The Original Weakly Nacional Co.
JVLV 29, 1903.
No. Premium. [No. Premium. ! N». Premium.
210 *7.50 37«2.... 2.305C7J 73.00
244.... 5.003702.... 2.50 5237.'... 2.50
3.'0 2.50;4»>13 2.3CC91 2.30
442.... 2.50'42.tt..; 4 2.5f1.t{.t.:..;. 2.W>
-K0..... 2.30,437«:... 2.3t) 5.V»7....- 2.50
4W". •'-;. 2.*iMti«s 2.38i575K5. ... \u25a0 \u25a0 2-5O
5?5.... . 2.50-47'rj. ... £.50' 904ti 2.50.
&»».... 2.30432*.... 3.C09C66....; 2.50
7n*;... 2.50:49**;... . .'(Mm ft 1.11 .:.. *.st>
i>34.... 2.30;51t50. ... 2.30924".'... 2.30
t>Of>.... -2.C0.5279.... 2.500C58.... 7.50
1138. . . . VTJJO?BSn«. ... 2.50 05«3. : . . 2.3<>
15ft>.... 3.C0.537W. .:.. 2.30»*9«:0. .:. 7.3<»
\u25a01691.-... 75.0tV.VM... . 7..'1>D»05. .,. 2.30
1724.... ;2.30'5C3».; r ... s.i>C:fl»7^.. ISOO.fH.*
1981.:.. 1'.50'5*>4». ... : 2.34»'1C02t.,.; 2.30
2122.... 2.50>571« 2.30 10050. 15l>.0«»
220:1.... 2.5016T.57 :3.0na0225.;.. 2.50
2217.... 2.506125 2. 5010271. .. . 2.60
2325i-... ; 2. 50^142 2.30i10341.... 2.30
23«.... 2.50^174 2.3:110300. ... 2.30
24«« 2.30;62«3.. .. 3.<i«:iC620... . 7.30
2730.... 2.3»:«310 2.. 'd' 10715.... 3.oi>
2752.... 2.5f1i60> 2.5rti11)750.... 2.30
252«.... 2.30!«R3t.... 2.3»!if10U. SOO.OO
30«J7.... 2.5«>«717.... 2.r:ft'tC054.... 2.50
3070.... 7.30JR73*.... 2.;'t>'1C055.... 2.50
5074...: 2.5f»i6553. j.. 2.50 100S9-... 2.50
U1212 7.si.!fiU2* . 25.0(1 HC36.... 2.50
'347.).... 2.50irt£W1.... 2.3ft;in00..... 5. C0
3t509.... 5.«>0i7157.... . 2.3rt|H271.... 2.50
'3617.... * 5.W>j7313.... 7..">0!1167rt.... 2.30
1385 A 2.5075<U.... 2.5f>;U753. ... 25.00
36e».-.. 2.50 762.1.... 2.5 ft 11505.... 2.50
3777.... 3.00i75fi4.... 7.50jn57J>. ... 2.50
3775.... 2.30 J5C33...V 2.50 11963.... T. 30
APPROXIMATIONS.
2O numbers from 09fi2 to 00S2. Inclusive, be
ing 10 numbers on each side of the first captlal
of $1200. $2.00.
20 numbers from ICOO4 to 10324. iaclustv*.
beinsr 10 numbers on each side or the second
cai.lt" 1 of *:;CO. 11.50.
20 nurcbers from 10049 to 10065). inclusive,
beirur 10 numbers on each side of third cap
ital of * 150. 51.00.
TERMINALS.
120 numbers endln? with 72. b«!n« the last ,
two figures of the capital of *12<»X00. $1.00.
120 numbers ending with 14. beln* last two
figures of the capital of $300.C0. $1.00. "
ad\tertisement:s.
\ me- (
>^the Developind
cNon-Curling Films
My films are the best you can get and
my prices are the lowest to tx» found any-
where. Here ar» a few figures:
214x2*4. 13c; 2fcx3U. 20c: 2fcx4V. 23c;
3^x3^. 30c: 3*4x4*4. 33c; 4x5? 3x4,
3Ux3*i. 43c.
Try a sample of CYKO I>evelop!ag
Paper. 5 styles. Sample dozen, any size
up to 4x5 13c. sent prepaid. Hero ara
some prices for printing: 2^4x3%. . 4c:
2»ax4\i. 3Vix3»4 and 3V»x4%. sc: 4x3. and
1 3)4x3%. 6c: 2x7. 10c: 10 per cent discount-
on orders of more than 6 prints from each
negative of not less than six negatives. "
Full line of photo supplies.
Orders by mall promptly filled.' Postage
extra on films or printing orders. ~ ';'. -,
That Man Pitts
r':'^ F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
10US Market St^. opposite Fltta,
San Francisco.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S gbcatJ
S MUSEUM OFAHATOMy^
m Cfo i«iaißAETST.b«t.«:a.">r.h.iF.CiL i
¥ Mr TbeL»rr-«S infomfil Mat-am la tis F
A jf ;«. WjrlJ. IWaakneMfS or anr oontricled A
r (i£rk£S dlr^»« po««l«j»«iaycar«a (it <h» alien f
• JsS Specialist ou t!ioC<l»at. E«t. S«J«»lfc j^
A A&si CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM A
\ tC^» Caanlndaa tt*9 »U<l strict!* pr|T»> T
A I fl Treitment p-r*.ui'.!T or bj li-.ier. & A
\B W H po«in««i«rtla«»«»jo»»«oiKJer»«»«a. W
OT3 UW Writ« ibr B«nS,I*»»l T.O«»« rnH mt A
\ a 11 M.\nni-%«;i:. ".'.ilJtO rsxX. (if
A & ff »»:•«\u25a0>!« boo. tor »i*a.) A
f »B.JoaDAX*l.CO..l(»ljlat*rtSt..B.F. ¥
sJ&B^jM MEHANDWOMZII.
rt^S^XTßEs^ffif Cm BUOfornanatuna
ifStt'i, ito ( daTt/fs dUch»rg«B,laiSa3imatl«M,
ESfLr Ga»r»atee<l W lrrit»tlonc or ulceratioß»
ffSl -•» w •triotur*. of muoou» iaembria»«.
M* 'fi Fi«i— t» twM<M. Painlata. and not Mtriv
\u25a0fTSITaE EMM ChEMXAICJ. g«nt or poijonoot.
%*& 2imiW\,o.fZ%& «o'« »>y Dritntlet*
/i^u^ _-¥W?SB dt ox?r»« pr«?»ld. fM
» Cf-^alw t*at oa reia**!.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
*<tt r ~S?*s. Steamers leave Pler» 9 and
/ixC!z£G£\ XX, San Franclaco:
' f^Y >!*\ *" or Ketchikan. , Wrangel.
ISII itSy^to J'-sneau. TreadwelK Kalae*.
II I I Skagway. etc.. Alaska— lt
I V V^A' 1»• ««- Ju 'y 5. 0. 14. 17. 19.
' \ftfV \V * / O*/ 24. 29. Aug. 3- Changs fc>
vS^^—^y/ thls com ? an T' B steamers a:
XS^jtrijW/' S«attle.
, For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. An*,
cortes South Belltngham. Belllnsharn — 11 a.
m. July 3. 9. 14. 17. 19. 24. 29, Aug. 3. Chang*
' at "Seattle to this company's steamers for Ala*-
\u25a0 ka and G. X. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacom» to ?*.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (HumboMt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
' p. m.. July 5. 10 16. 22. 2S. Au*. 3. Corona
1:30 o m.. July 1. 7. 13. 19 23. 31 Aug. 8.
For L.03 Angeles (via Port Los Angeles aai
Kedondo). San Dlejro- and Santa Barbara
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 8 a. m. .
State of California Thursday*. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Eaat
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (3aa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme—
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 1. 9. 17. 23. Atjs. J.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. July 5. 13. 21. 29. Aug. 6.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia. Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m .. 7th of escft
month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1903 — Ta»
palatial steamship SPOKAXE will leave Ta-
coma. Seattle and Victoria Juae 22. July 5. 20.
August 3. 17.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
t, reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET orFICES^ — \u2666 Xew. Montgomery «t.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Office. 10 Market st.
C. D DCNAMX General Passpnger Agant. \u25a0\u25a0
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 29. 11 Aif.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 6. 11 A. M.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney. Thursday. August 10. 2 P.M.
J.D.SPEEGSELS 4 BROS. Co.,Azt3.,Ticfct OacB«3 In-
let. FieizM OSes 327 Xarist sl. Her 7, Padffi: St.
Compasnle Generate Tranrailantlque.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Paris.
Sallins; every Thursday instead ot £l&^A**
Saturday. 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.^™^^^
North River, foot of Morton «t.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. |43 and upward. GEN-
ERAU AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3 AND
CWADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Co»»t
Agents 5 Montgomery avenu-. San Francisco.
Tickets soM by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
BAY AND IXTKRURBAX ROCTE3.
NAPA VALLEY ROUTE.
MONTICELLO STEAMSHIP COMPANT—
V\tJ.EJO AND NAPA VALLEY INTER-
URB\N ELECTRIC R. R- CO. Close connec-
tions at Valiejo with 6 round trips dally for
Valiejo. Mare Island Navy Yard. Napa. Xap*
Asylum and all way points. Boat* leave San
Francisco 7:CO a. m.. «9:« a. m.. 12:30 noon.
S:I3 p. m.. tt:0O p. m.. S:3O P- R»-
-Cars leave Napa 8:15 a. m.. 6:53 a. ra. local.
S:.TO a. m.. U:3O a. m.. 2:30 p. m.. 4:30 p. m...
7-»> p m 9:30 p. m. local. San Francisca
landing' and oftlce. Pier 2. foot of Mlwlon st^
Meals a la carte. Phone Mala 1503. HATCH
BROS.. General Agents.
•Lands Navy Yard direct.
Kor Valiejo and Mare Inland .\avy Yard.
Steamer H. J. CORCORAN leaves wharf
north end of Ferry Buildlns. week dayv (except
Saturday). 11 a. m.. S:l.'» p. ro. Saturdays. U
a ra. Sundays. 9:30 a. m.. S:l3 p. m. Leaves
Valiejo. week days (except Saturdays). 7:45 a.
m. 5:30 p. m. Saturdays. 7:30 a. m.. « p. m.
Sundays 5:30 p. m. Meals a la carte. Phone
(UI.BARNESON-HIBBEHD- C 0.." managers.
456 Mcntccmery street.
Weefly Gal $1.00 wYfiar
56
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOH>' D. SPRECKELS ...'....... .Proprietor
ADDRESS ALI* COMMUNICATIONS TO " • .
JOHX McXAUGHT >•' :<\u25a0 \u25a0 3lanager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SA~N FRANCISCO
MONDAY .- ;J ULY 31. 1905
ALL BUSINESS PROSPECTS BRIGHT."
•p« XCELLENT crop prospects, heavy earnings of the great iiidus-
M trial corporations, with increased dividends in a number of
-*— ' quarters, continue to produce a corresponding optimism: m
commercial circles. Confidence in. another good year is freely ex
pressed and no discordant note is heard anywhere. The best of it :s
that these confident expectations are not accompanied by any specu
lative activity, for as a matter of fact speculation is dull and has been
for several months. The cheerful conditions" seem purely legitimate.
General conditions hinge almost exclusively on the crop pros
pects, as the condition of' the money market is not much of a factor
at present, owing to the plethora of funds all over the world. The esti
mates of the cotton crop have been reduced of late, owing to decreased
acreage and wet and otherwise unfavorable weather over the belt, and
the latest figures now indicate a crop of possibly not over 10,000,000
bales. The outbreak of yellow fever in the leading gulf section may
also have a damaging effect on the cotton industry later on,' and
these factors are producing higher quotations for cotton, with a ner
vous and sensitive market.
The leading crop in importance now is corn, which, with an in
creased acreage of 2,000,000, and no weather damage up to date,
promises a record-breaking yield. This is a very bullish condition,
as it not only presages activity in general distributive trade and in
creased circulation in the great corn belt, but large gains in railroad
earnings and consequent liberal dividends to stockholders in the
Western lines. As compared with corn and cotton the wheat crop
occupies a subordinate position, but this crop, too, will undoubtedly
turn out satisfactory to the country and put further revenues into the
pockets of the railroad shareholders.
These encouraging crop prospects extend a stimulating influence
on the national stock market at New York and upon the money mar
ket as well. Supplementary thereto is the bright outlook in the iron
and steel industries. A prominent Chicago steel operator last week
made the sanguine statement that the steel corporation is confronted
with the largest business in its history during the next twelve months,
and that a net income of $.200,000,000 is even now assured. The de
mand for steel rails has lately shown a decided improvement, and
manufacturers are no longer extending concessions to buyers to effect
sales, while the demand for structural materials and building require
ments has also developed increased activity, with orders booked well
into the future. - - *\u25a0;
Another encouraging feature, according to late reports from New-
York, is the excellent condition of the dry goods trade. The dry
goods jobbers throughout the country, almost without exception, re
port that during the first half of this year their business has shown
marked improvement, both in volume and profits, over the corre
sponding months of 1904, with an increased fall trade in prospect, and
it is noteworthy that the best reports in this line come from the great
corn belt, owing to the fine prospects of that cereal. Many other im
portant lines also report business during the first half of the year
better than last year, hence the feeling of confidence manifest all over
the country seems warranted by the facts. The hide and leather mar
kets are very firm, with activity reported from almost all. sections.
Wool continues high and in brisk demand, and provisions alone are
rather quiet than otherwise.
The bank clearings of the country continue about as for the past
several months, every week showing a material gain over the cor
responding period last year. The gain last week was 21.6 per cent,
with Cincinnati and Indianapolis the only two cities of the first' fifty
on the list showing a loss, while the aggregate clearings were $2,244,
525,000. The gain at San Francisco was 35.8 per cent, while Los An
geles ran up to 71 per cent, Spokane to 42.7 per cent, Seattle to 84.6
per cent and Portland to 37.7 per cent. These figures show the cur
rent activity of trade on the Pacific Coast. The failures for the week
throughout the country were 214, against 220 last year — another good
sign.
It will thus be seen that all lines of trade — financial, agricultural,
manufacturing and merchandising — are making a bright exhibit, with
confidence pervading all quarters. Prosperity is still with the Ameri
can people. It is to be hoped that they, will not abuse it nor inflate
it too far. ri/{.r i/{. ': : W-': : 1' : " : '
TO MAKE CANAL WORKERS HAPPY.
WELFARE experts are the latest addition to the force that is
to dig the Panama canal for us. The title that names. the
office of these two men now on the way to the isthmus to
stimulate and keep alive that merriment of heart which "doeth .good
like a medicine" among the young men sent so far from home to
labor in a sickly climate is a most attractive and impressive one. We
hope they will fulfill their office of "welfare experts" so thoroughly
that the title and the office it names will survive in American institu
tions and phraseology. These experts were detailed for the duty by
the Civic Federation and are now on the way to the canal zone with
Chief Engineer Stevens and Chairman Shonts. Their job is to keep
the colony of Americans at work in that semi-pestilent and lonesome
land in good health and vigorously joyful.
To recall a little bit of recent canal history is to see the wisdom
of this move. About a month' ago. there was a report that the steam
ers returning from the canal zone, were bringing back to their homes
equally as many workers as they had taken out. It was a good busi
ness for transportation companies, but a bad one for. Uncle Sam.
The men to expedite the canal work and invited there by the
bosses came, saw, but instead of conquering went back home in dis
content. They were homesick, for one thing,' and subjected to the
enervation of a hot and unaccustomed climate ; they found in
ferior board; no amusements whatever; and, worst of all, a general
condition of things which made them doubt whether the authorities
had the welfare of the workers at heart or in their thought at all.
Now that bugbear is to be eliminated from the hardships that will
test the toughness and manhood of the corps of workers in their la
borious exile. Whatever measure, of the discontent may have been
due to real neglect and oversight, and whatever to imagination, the
sentence remains true that "there is nothing good orill but thinking
makes it so," therefore the mere presence of the welfare experts and
the thought of the kindly -intent of their efforts will tend to dispel
much of the gloom. /
Some of the things to be arranged to induce content are tennis
courts and baseball grounds. In the words of Mr. Shonts, they are
to have "amusements, healthy games and outdoor exercise." They
are also to have reading-rooms and other indoor entertainments. In
fact, the programme is quite extensive and almost enticing. We
wonder if the welfare experts may not carry it so far that the canal
zone will get to be a winter resort and pleasure-seeking Americans
go down there to watch the dirt fly. The' republic of Panama is to aid
this enterprise of contentment with a subsidized theater, and as there
will be special theater trains, every worker in the Culebra cut can
readily attend the play.
The suggestion of an alliance between Sweden and the' German empire
*ccnis calculated to make the lamented Gustavus Adolphus indulge in sub
terranean acrobatics. — Philadelphia North American.
The "Monte Cristo of Death Valley" has arrived in New' York. He
is on the verge of a discovery or two as to the* price of advertising.—Phila
delphia North American. ? c .
If it is true that time is m6ney our modern industrial brigands should
find "doing? time" not an unpleasant way of spending a few years.—Charles
ton News.
o o If Wizard Burbank knows of atfy method of restoring the bloom to a
peach he should communicate with'Chauncey M. Depew. — Syracuse Post-
Standard. °° * 0..
THE- S AN^ FRANCISCO CALL. \u25a0 MONDA Y, JULY 31 1 iOQS.
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. Waterhouse
IF you wobble a bit In the long, hard
race,
.A3 even the best may do;
If you are not a winner or even a
"place"—
And that Is my standing, too—
Why, still It is better ahead to go.
Short as to breath and painfully slow,
Than to buck at the quarter or half, you
know,
And to stand with the useless crew.
If you're playing the game and are minus
a trump,
While the other chap's got them all;
If the fortune awaited has come with a
slump ,
Of a species your soul to appeal,
Why, still it is better your hand to play.
Though it's mainly composed, of a deuce
and a trey,
Than to whine of your "luck" and com
plainingly say:
"£ won't play the cards as they fall."
I'm recalling a time when a horse had a
fall.
And a slower horse won in his place;
And the man who played cards that were"
painfully small .
At last found the trumps in their place..
So trot In the race, or the big game play.
With a right good heart, nor know dis
may.
For Fortune at last shall turn your way
And show you a smiling face. ':;;
JEROBOAM'S MUSINGS.
THE people that can at one an' the
same time b'lleve In hangin' fer crime
an" in -an eternal hell prob'ly come
nigrher to provln' 'at the latter Is needed
than they ever stopped ter reellze.
Actions goes a good way. After I'd
known the piirtiest girl I ever saw 'bout
a week I wondered what in thunder ever
made me think so.
'Taint so strange 'bout divorces. Nic
est looUin' apple I ever saw hung jest
outer my reach; so I got a pole an'
knocked It down, an' 'twas sourer 'n
deflation.
Creeds are mighty satlsfyin'. My dog
Jack thinks 'at' I made the sun an' moon
an' stars. I- didn't, but don't you s'pose
'at he feels a heap better 'bout it 'an he
would if he had ter sit eround an' look
at the heavens an' guess an' guess an'
guess, an* then give it up?
What man reely- thinks of hlsself right
down In his heart can be jedged by the
laws he makes? Look 'em over keerfully
an" you'll find 'at more'n half of 'em was
made to p?rfect fools.
AN INTERVIEW WITH NICHOLAS.
{<IT seem>a Htt!e hard," said the Czar,
1 as he nonchalantly dodged a bomb
which, had been thrown through the
window— "lt seems a little hard that a
man cannot have a little friendly con
versation with his own cousin without
the whole world being agitated to know
what was said." - r . -' ''
The reporter who had obtained the
coveted interview sighed with -the mighty
ruler. W-':?\
"And yet," Nicholas continued— "By the
way, will you kindly step on the fuse of
that hand grenade that is hissing in the
corner? Thanks. And yet n . as I was
saying when Interrupted, I realize _, that
we accidental great ones of the earth
must pay the price of our greatness.
Yes, I realize— do not be startled; It was
only a bullet, but if you will sit in the
corner you will be somewhat safer un
less there is a subterranean explosion.
You will observe that, l do not sit In a
line with the windows." Believe me, this
Is solely because of my regard for ray
dear people, who could ill afford to lose
me."
The Czar again paused to sigh and
drink a glass of wine after the official
taster had sampled it. He then con
tinued the interview:
"Realizing this penalty of greatness, as
I have said, my well beloved cousin Wil
liam and myself have determined to give
out an official statement of exactly what
was said in the course of our world
mystifying conversation. Is your pencil
sharp?" '-"','\u25a0£-'
"It is. sire."
•>»illlam began the conversation.* He
said— be sure to take this down cor
rectly—he said, 'What will you take in
yours, Nicholas?'
"I said: 'I will take the same. "What
is yours, William?'
"His low-spoken response was 'Eln
beer.'
•"This Is all. Now.you may go."
"Pardon me. sire. I do not wish to
Imply a doubt, for I feel^none: but was
this absolutely all that was said? Have
you forgotten nothing?"
"Nothing whatever. ,We were about to
speak of the weather* I think, > wh?n a
messenger brought me news from Japan,
and when I recovered I was In my own
palace, where you find me." - -
Thus was the only authentic account of
the celebrated interview between' the two
mighty, rulers given "to the world.
WHEN MABEL GOES TO CHURCH.
WHEN Mabel goes to church her face
Wears such a" look of saintly grace.
To miss It I I'm unable.
And c'en the angels up above,
L»thlnk, must Ireed my little love.
And one another gently shove,
To get on*} glance at Mabel.
When Mabel goes to church I feel
Accession to my righteous zeal,
And In my soul I weave it:
And then I whisj»er: "Mabel, deaf,
I think the angels must be near;
They could not fall to seek you here"—
She says she'll not believe it.
When Mabel does not go to church.
But we two find some lonely perch, /
Where I caress and ' pet her, .
Why, then, although the words may
. " sound
As ,lf my piety were drowned.
I do not. want an angel round—
Fcr Mabel suits me better.
<<[ ET him In." said Saint Peter;, "let
L,. him' in at once."
"But," Interposed the assistant
a: the sate, "you -have not thoroughly
investigated his record.".
"Yes, I am aware of that, but I know
enough about him. Let him In."
"What do you -know about him?"
"Why. he lived in a great city."
"Wpii?" ; : . ;..
• "And still kept some strt of asoul, as
you see.'.'. :;;.J
I DO not wish (to Interfere with your
I youthful exuberance in the least, Wil
liam, but It can do'no harm to prog
nosticate that as you ; get older 'you will
be likely to notice that i - . is better to be
not so certain about some things that are
so ~ than to be so " deucedly certain : about
things that are not so. This is a pretty
fair sized universe,- with some rather
queer cogwheels;. In',' lts' mechanism,- and
if takes considerable of a machinist to
understand it very thoroughly. This be
ing the case it is Just possible that even
you might be mistaken in : some of your
theories, ' and— but think it over, Wil
liam: thinl: it ovtr. "
WHY worry 'bout the debt you owe,
The bill v you : cannot pay?.
Why pass long nights with care and
\u25a0 woe' 'v-"V- : - .;" . ';.-; \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0-/>: '.
That turns your., hair 'to gray?
I . know a better way to do: / ./
Of debts I'm not : afraid. / •
I merely give my*: lO =U, .
.And then, you sec, they're re-pald.
-\u25a0\u25a0'"\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . "\ ; '
THE LUCK OF MR. SHORTT
"Yon Just won it."
VIRTUE is frequently its own re
ward^but it Is not the only thing
that gets rewarded in this topsy
turvy world of ours. Note the wicked
experience of William Shortt. whose
dear wife and precious child are far,
far away, enjoying an outing and leav
ing the fond husband and father to his
own devices for the first time in his
married life.
Billy has anywhere from 30 to 300
friends who have been waiting for just
such a chance to show him what Is
going on in the heart of a great city.
His most commendable devotion to' his
family had kept them from gratifying
that desire until his temporary wid
owerhood, then they emerged in
droves from the bushes in which they
had been concealed and declared them
selves.
It had been the policy of Mr. and
Mrs. Shortt to put by something every
week for a rainy day somewhere in the
dim and aging future. Mrs. Shortt'.-*
final injunctions on her departure were
to the effect that the absence of her
self and the baby ought to enable, Billy
to make the weekly deposit in the sav
ings bank as. large or larger than
usual, and he readily agreed, not hav
ing in mind the friends lying in am
bush." And she not only wrote him
dally to much ,the same effect, but she
insisted upon direct answers to her
questions after every pay day.
The first week Billy was a little less
than $10 shy. He* was about to con
fide that unfortunate fact to Mrs.
Shortt in his daily letter, when the of 7
flee boy informed him "dat Flyaway
was a sure ting and it come straight."
A dollar or two didn't seem to make
much difference even if it were lost,
£O the boy got the dollar ho asked for.
And v was a 12 to 1 shot, and Fly
away won hands down. So Billy had to
rewrite the first page of his letter and
did it with a conscience relieved and
$2 to the good. '; *\i
IT IS CONTROL THAT COUNTS
No Day Is Profitably Spent When We Lose
Power Over Ourselves.
ANGELA MORGAN.
THE thing you really want is power
over yourself. You busy, worried
woman, madly struggling to ac
complish this, that and the other and
Impatiently resenting the interruptions
that interfere with your plans, Just pause
a moment: sit quietly down; get calm,
and think. ' -- . .
Ask yourself honest questions. Does it
pay to let yourself "fly all to pieces"
because an Inopportune caller kept you
from your work; because the dressmaker
faile<J in the fit of your new, gown, and
the milliner put the wrong combination
of colors into your hat?
Does it pay to get, frantic with worry
and keep your family in. acute misery in
order that you 'may write a paper " for
your club? Is it worth your while to
work yourself .up to a " high pitch of
nervous excitement \u25a0 over the shopping
you have to do, fretting and fussing if
you haven't time to accomplish every
thing jotted down on your crowded mem
orandum slip?
How many of all these "necessary"
things you are striving ; to do are really
as important tas keeping/yourself . con
trolled and * sweet : and : happily poised?
And you, .strenuous - business man,
raging and : fuming one morning because
you are awakeed j five , minutes later j than
you directed, and the next morning swear
ing like . mad because * you are called f too
early— why do : you -? not, with ; all your
strivings, strive: for control? ;
• You, with your vigorous brain, your
boasted will power and your ability to
control other * men-f-do ''.'. you know .^ how
trifling: your achievements are compared
to that greatest of all attainments—gain
ing complete power; over one's : self?
How . is : it that .[ you, ' who : are : possessed
of .a 'sound, mind,; a; heal thy Intellect and
the faculty men call will, permit yourself
to be 'thrown entirely out of balance <by
so trifling a thing as a breakfast n6t to
your, taste? . _ :''.•'.':
- \u25a0 How is ; it that you .will permit an an
noyanceso insignificant as. a cup of luke
warm^ coffee* to .1 spoil ' your ; morning ; and
wreck , the > family; peace ?fi And ; when ; you
miss the car J you \ were i running.: to ! catch,'
why not bring some of that splendid brain
force \u25a0 into play . to • keep } your temper; in-
The next week he entered 6for the
first time the 60-cent pool they had In
the office each week. He hadn't dared
count his cash before pay day for fear
he would Be short for tne following
week. But he had a pretty vivid idea
that there was a gaping deficit. At
last it could no longer be avoided and
it was time to deposit and report to
headquarters. Much to his dismay he
learned that two bills which he fondly
supposed were for 55 each when he
felt them in hispocket were for $1 and
Si' respectively, leaving him $7 to the
bad. And he was straightening them
out on" his desk and pulling them a
little to see If they wouldn't increase
a little in size when one of the fellows
came /.up and deposited JS in 50-cent
pieces on his de.sk. .
"What's that for?" asked Billy.
"It's the pool — you just won it," and
went a%yay grumbling something about
a beginner's luck.' So. the weekly au
diting came out Satisfactorily. ,
I Billy, went a little stronger than usual
the third week. He had .\>. You can't
go on accepting favors and entertain
ments of forty ornfty intimate personal
friends without \u25a0 giving them something
in return. Unfortunately he met his
wife's sister in the restaurant after the
theater one night and, being more shy
than ever before, con..ded his fix to her.
She promptly wrote about it to Mrs.
Short— no man would ever think of doing
a^thing like that— and he had a scorch-
Ing letter to read just at the psychologi
cal moment when he had made an in
ventory of his cash and learned he was
$14 71 behind on account of that uesk's
doings. ?v- i!- : - : '•
. The letter was one of .those perfectly
calm and matter of fact statements
which wives are so good at making,
something to the effect that h*er entire
future and that of their child with all
Billy's prospects of Independence re
rcsed in/- that weekly deposit, and she
eupposed that the life insurance would
have to go next. Then there was noth
ing in the dim and threatening distance
looming but, a fine assortment of poor
houses and half \u0084or whole orphan asy
lums. And she loved him and sh» had
always supposed until now that he loved
her, but he no longer cared for the dear
little baby either. »
Billy knew he wasn't any lamb, but. he
decided he could be a little sheepier than
ever with words like that jangling in his
brain, and he went downstairs to get
something to take the taste of the cor
respondence out of his mouth. It has
been observed before that he had friends.
Well, they began coming in as If some
body had sent a hurry call through the
neighborhood. And they thought be
tween them that shaking dice would be
a pleasant way of celebrating the aus-,
picious meeting.
After the shaking was all over. Billy
went over and deposited the missing
$14 71 and made- it an even $20. Then,
more In. sorrow than in anger, he replied
to that letter, inclosing the bank book
as proof of his probity and unflinching
rectitude, and Insinuated, his ink mixed
with tears, that it was hard on a lonely*
man, deprived of the society of his near
est and dearest, to have to have his little
remaining happiness taken from him by
accusations the most unjust.
Just how it's going to.com* out this
week Billy isn't sure; but he has been
receiving daily apologies from the seat of
former war.
Later— like all deceivers— Billy has
come to grief. His luck has deserted^
him, and he will never be able tc explain
the bank deposit" deficit. * ' .'
stead of squandering your energies in
cursing luck?
As the day wears on why do you
prove yourself a still more reckless
spendthrift by storming around and
swearing: when this and that plan goes
wrong and people make unexpected de
mands upon your time?
Of course you think your business
deals and schemes are the most im
portant-affairs on earth. To you they
undoubtedly are. They mean your
bread 'and butter— perhaps houses and
diamonds .and automobiles.' But don't
exaggerate the Value of these things.
The thing you really want is power
over yourself. Some day you will
know it if you don't know It now.
Strange how short-sighted we hu
man beings are— how we emphasize the
significance of the nonessentials .and
minimize the value at th* really neces
sary possessions!
There is too great striving after
things and too little after the attain
ment of character qualities that would
serve us for all Ime. Control is a pos
session without which no one can live
a well-balanced, happy, useful life.
And yet thinjc of the things we imag
ined to be more important!
We count the day lost that does not
register *ame definite accomplishment,
some "practical" work performed., or'
some financial advantage gained. 1 No
matter If tempers h^ve been lost and
precious energy wasted In mad striv
ings if we can say that we have done
these things we congratulate* ourselves'
upon a day well spent. t
Nothing could be further from the
t ruth.' The day Is j far from well spent ,
that ias known exhibitions of teriiper,
impatience, hatefulness in the famdly
circle, lack of -control in any way.
( When we- dejvelop fine qualities of'
character, when we.' learn patience,
sweetness, gentleness, poise, we are
gaining possessions that wiMoutllve in
usefulness any, and all of the material
things. for which we struggle.
So what of the annoyance, the dis
appointment, the exasperating Inter
ruptions? To keep calm and poised In
spite of them is more important than
all. It is control that counts, \u25a0 "
Roosevelt Admires Her.
-President Roosevelt has .great admira
tion for Mrs.. LaFollette.. wife of Wiscon
sin's Governor, say 3 the Chicago Chron
icle, y. The beginning of this regard dates
from . an occasion when Mrs. LaFollette
and he were fellow guests at a reception
some time ago. They were standing in
one "corner * engaged in conversation and .
eating icecream. He was doing the bulk*
of the talking and /she was an attentive
and, unwavering listener. "Suddenly I
discovered,", says 'the '•' President,, "'that
for the last five minutes I had been pour
ing; icecream down' the front of her hand
some : evening? gown??. She had known it
air the time, but, had not indicated it by
even thequiver. of an eyelash or by the
slightest change in the smiling, interested
expression' upon her face: she had simply
been too 'polite to .Interrupt me by word
or look or :raove, no matter what hap
pened "to th"c gown. ' '
; Towns«nd's Ca|a. Glace' Fruits. In ar
tlstic fire-etched boxes. New store now
open. 767 Market .street. ISiwftflfWTiW
.V: ; Special - information supplied, dally , to
business ! houses and ! public m^n . by . the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Mala 1042. •
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION.
SIMPLE DESIGN FOR EVENING BODICE-
THE growing liking for the decolletage for evening wear Is re
sponsible for many charming conceits in bodices. The illustration
shows a design that is at once simple — so simple that the amateur
dressmaker may attempt it with confidence — and eminently stylish.
The lining follows the usual fitted lines, each seam well featherboned:
and the outer material is disposed in bolero fashion, a quilled ribbon
defining the shirred jacket outlines. The lower part of the bodice
shows the silk shirred to the side seams, and gain the center front and
back, being drawn tightly over the lining, and finished with a smart
downward point in the front. The sleeve Is merely a full puS. with a
pendant frill, that may be omitted if desired.
WHERE ROMEO WOOED JULIET
House of the Capulets in Verona Is in Little
Danger of Destruction.
DOROTHY FENIMORE.
Dofcor//Y X r£Af//ta&£
VENICE. July 10.
THE rumor that the house of the
Capulets In Verona, where the scene
. of the play of "Romeo and Juliet"
was placed, }s soon tc be put up at
auction, has been confirmed by the recent
Issue of a „ court decree for sate of the
house, in. the interest of its present own
er's creditors:* • .
/That ..other rumor which -has spread
abroad, however, that the famous build
ing .is to-be destroyed from roof to foun
dation In order that a cafe restaurant
may be erected on its o site, deserves less
credence. Indeed, 'the story goes that
not only have" offers for the house been
made by Americans,. 5 but also that the
municipal government of Verona, moved
by protests of its c'tizehs against de-
HIS REASON.
•Her. Father— Whatr You want
to marry, my youngest daughter?
Why," she's: only : a little girl.
\u25a0Her. ; Suitor— l know. I came
early to avoid the rush.
struction of the place, has been con
sidering: the acquisition of it as a* relic
of the state.
Of late, years the home of the Capuleta
has not lived up to the aristocratic pre
tensions of itsrpast. For some time it
has been us«d as a cheap kind of inn.
with stables attached, a structure utterly
without beauty or architectural ..value,
whose sole claim to attention from the
casual passer-by was an inconspicuous
marble slab which announced modestly
the poetic distinction of the place as
Juliet's home.
"Tis not at all easy as you stand be
fore its dismal front in the narrow Via
Capello, deafened by noise of a passing
tramcar which goes clanging on its way
to the Piazza Erbe, not far distant, to
imagine that "you are looking upon the
house where dwelt the haughty clan of
Capulet, where Juliet grew like a sweet
amorous flower, where Romeo dared to
climb the wall that shut him out of
paradise, and where he wooed, and won.
and lost the lady of his love.
But to one who knows his Shakespeare
well, and revels in his Keats, and Uke3
to run- across in literature allusions to
the names of Juliet and Romeo, and tf» ,
the beautiful sad story of their love., t^d
spot has a literary and sentimental ij?
terest which outweighs all the histories
value It possesses. For the poefs genius
has Immortalized it by associating with
its faded, crumbling walls the greatest
passion of human experience, and also
the name of a beautiful woman-child
who gave her life tor love.
Whether or not the story as Shaks
speare told It was true as history reck
ons truth, yet for the litterateur the
, house of the Capulets will remain, so
lons as it stands, a historic background
the exquisite picture of .
"Juliet leaning
Amid her window-flowers, sighing, wean
ing . • *•
i Tenderly her fancy from' its maiden
snow,*\
as Keats exquisitely describes her lather *
blissful mood of o mingled Jmpuls« and
gentle meditation." , o
It seems Incredible that Italians should
permit such a monument to lor* to b«
destroyed. For love ts part of Italy's
tradition. It is. her Inspiration. So° at
least, claims Montegazsa. • who is the
greatest living authority .on love. "Here."
he declares, speaking of "his. native land,
"we love more 'and we love better than
anywhere else in - the world. because
Italy, with her sky of ultramarina and
sapphire, is the land of the beautiful and
of art." • o
BOTH.
. Smith— Who does the little on«
take after? You or your wife?
. Henpeck — When she's talking
she takes after my wife; when '
she*s quiet ;that's me:SAYS CITIES
NEED CLEANING
W. A. Gates Declares Moral
Keform Is Necessary for the
Preservation of Country
OEGANIZATION NEEDED
People of the Nation Must
Band Together in the
Cause of Righteousness
W. A. Gates, secretary of the State
Board of Charities and Corrections,
&*>oke last night at the l-'ourth Congre
gational Church, taking for his subject.
"Needed Moral Reforms." He spoke at
length on the much needed improvement
of conditions in the great cities to keep
the country from being stunted in its
growth and to keep it $rom retrograding.
Mr. Gates said in part:
"Our cities must be purified. I mean
purTTied in every way. Purified against
c corrupt ballot box, and purified in the
social walks of life.
"If we expect to build up a great na
tion, and a nation that is to last for time
to come, we have got to take steps
against the evils and the corruptions
that are encroaching upon us. To do
this we must organize and must form
what might be called an organization of
righteoussess. This is positively neces
sary for the preservation of our country.
"We must get out and work and band
together In this cause. It took thou
eands of years to build Rome and bring
it up to greatness and grandeur, and only
a few years to bring about its dissolu
tion and decay. The very thing that con
fronted Rome, when that city was in the
zenith of its power, is liable to confront
any of our big cities of this country. To
free ourselves from the possibility of
such is the problem of the day. Wa
must uee every endeavor to gain a com
plete reform in the management, ruling,
and government of our cities.
"Crime is largely rampant in our coun
try. The public example has a great
deal to do with producing criminals. And
what is this largely due to? To the lax
ity of some of our laws. I do not be
lieve in children laboring, and I think
there should be child labor laws enacted.
If, however, the child will not go to
school, or has not the means to allow
him to go to school, then by all means
let him go to work- Never let a child he
Idle, for idleness begets crime.
"Saloons are one of the great evils of
our big cities. They flourish here in an
amazing degree. I understand there are
over 3'XK) saloons in the city of San Fran
cisco. I think a saloon is tha highway to
crime. Saloons add to crime and to the
cost of running the country. I do not
mean to say that drinking thould be
stopped. This is an impossibility, but I
<1o cay that the number of the saloons
chould be grreatly lessened.
'"The management of all the affairs of
this country rests In the hands of the
vople. It is for the people to say what
The future of- the country shall be. It is
lor them to go out and begin this reform
tnd the first and greatest step for them
to take is the reformation of our pres
ent corrupt ballot box."
The regular services of the church
\u25a0nere conducted by J. W. Hatch, presi
dent of the Progressive Reform Club, in
th*> absence of the pastor, Rev. E. L.
W'alz. Wlin is out of the city. The fal
lowing musical programme waa ren
dered under the direction of John Schul
ties director, and James Bellis, organist:
Anthem. "I Will Magnify Thee"- (Me :
Phaili; atithem, "Just as I Am" (Mai- 1
rnene>; quartet, "Come Thou Fount"
• Crammer); anthem, for trio and chorus,
"Jesus Plead for Me" (Danks); barytone
solo. "Save Me, O God" (Randegger), by
John Schulties.
E ULROAD MEN BEGIN
CONFERENCE TO-DAY
Representatives From All
the Harriman Lines WiH
Take Part.
Representatives of all the Harriman
lines doing business directly with the
£an Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt LaJke
road are to take part in the conference
which begins here to-day between the of
ficials of the Salt Laka road and the
Southern Pacific Company. It was
learned yesterday that tho trouble over
the refusal of the Southern Pacific Com
pany to permit the Bait Lake road to en-
Joy an interchange of trafSc with it en
<rc.ua! terms in Southern California will
not be the only matter that will tome
before the conference.
The presence In this city at this par
ticular time of Traffic Manager T. M.
Schumacher of tne Oregon Short Line
gave rise to much speculation ameng
railroad men until last evening, when it
was discovered that J. A. Munroe,
freight traffic manager of ihe Union Pa
. ciflc Company, was also here and it was
learned that he had also come to par
ticipate In the conference.
The Oregon Short Line, which has many
Interests In common with tho Salt Lake
road, by reason of the fact that the for
mer advanced rolling stock to tho new
road tr.diis In direct connection with the
Clark lino, has sent its traffic representa
tive here to take up certain matters with
the Salt Laka road officials pertaining to
tho contracts exlstnlg between them,
and Munroe will sit at the conference as
a sort of advisory factor in tbo Interest
of tho Union Pacifia
So far as the troubles regarding the in
terchange of traffic aro concerned. It was
learned yesterday that all questions on
this subject taken up at the conference
will bo decided by tho respect! vo legal
representatives of tho Southern Pacific
and the San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt
Lake roads.
It is claimed by the Salt Lake officials
that the traffic agreement signed by the
representatives of both roads, when the
Bait Lake line was opened for business,
was supposed to be equitable for both
Interests, but that certain ambiguously
constructed provisions in the contract
relative to Interchange of traffic, which
some suspect that Traffic Director Btubbs
of the Harriman lines was responsible
for, have raised all the row. It Is theae
questions that will have to receive the
attention of the lawyers of the . two
reads. Peter F. Dunne will represent
the Hariiman interests and T. E. Gib
bon will attend the conference on behalf
of the Salt Lake road. Among the oth
ers who will take part in the conferenco
will be "Freight Traffic Manager Sproulo
and General Freight Agent Luce of tho
Southsrn Pacific; General Manager R. E.
Ti^lls and General Freight and Passen
ger Agent Gillett of the San Pedro, Los
Angeles and Salt Lake road: Traffic
Manager Schumacher of the Oregon
Short Line, and Freight Traffic Manager
Muoroe of the Union Padflc.
Count the stores in this city that do
not advertlso end you will have enu
merated those that are making the least
money. \u0084
Kaiser Leave* for Copenhagen.
DAXTZIC, Prussia. July _30. — Em
peror "William sailed to-day aboard the
Imperial yacht Hohenzollern for Copea
karen to visit Ktncr Christian.
BALL OF SOCIAL MERRIMENT
WHIRLS AT FAIR PACE.
Home Comings and- Departures Are Hbn-
Engagements and Weddings Show That
Cupid Has Not-Been Shelved. x
The home-romins of several travel
ers is serving for celebrations of a so
cial nature, keeping the ball of mer
riment going at a fair rate of speed.
Those preparing for departure are
also being: launched with gayety, while
Cupid is playing- a passably energetic
game. »
The Northern route is holding it 3
popularity for sight-seers, of whom
there are many, with indications for
continuous travel.
EXGAGE3IE.VTS.
The engagement Is announced of
Miss Beatrice Kidder of Grass Valley
and Howard Ridgeley Ward of New
York City.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Gertrude Anderson, niece of Mrs.
North Whitcomb, and Richard L. Rick
on of San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Krueger an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter Ella to Moses Jacobs. They will
receive Sunday. August 6. from 2 to 5
p. m.
Mr. and Mrs. S. S. Green of 41C Santa
Clara avenue, Alameda, announce the
engagement of their daughter Cecilia
to Morris z. Douglass of Oakland.
IVEDDIXGS.
Miss Minnie Heitman ~ and Henry
Diercks were married in St. Marcus
Church, July 18, at S:3D p. m. Following
the ceremony a reception was held at the
heme of 'the bride-'s sister, 176 Perry
street. Miss Frieda Heitman was maid
of honor, Herman Lunsmann serving as
best man.
Mr. and Mrs. Diercks are in . Southern
California on their wedding trip.
A romance arising upon ship board cul
minated in a wedding last week when
Miss N. T. Conheady of Brooklin, N. l.,
and T. B. Markham of Greenvlew, Sls
kiyou County, were united by ' Rev. Hen
ry I. Stark in Old St. Mary's Church.
Miss Conheady and Mr. Markham met
about a year ago on the steamship Etru
ria between New York and Liverpool,
their friendship fast developing into an
engagement. - V
The bride is a graduate of the Long
Island State Hospital Training School
and came to San Francisco to meet her
fiance.
Mr. Markham is a well known resident
of Siskiyou, having been associated for
seventeen years with the Denny Bar
Company of Scott Valley, and is mana
ger of the Greenview branch of that firm.
Miss Dorothy Hufschmidt and William
Davis of Chicago were quietly, married
at the home of the bride's parents, 623
Golden Gate avenue, at noon July 19.
Only the imediate families were present
at the ceremony, which was performed
by the Rev. Mr. Bell.
Miss Lillian Eckstein served as mala
of honor, Milton Hufschmidt standing as
best man. " -
Mr. and Mrs. Downs announce the
marriage of their daughter, Ednah, to
Benjamin Lazarus. -^ l
The home of Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Gates,
2958 Laguna street, was the ecene of an
interesting wedding July 22, when Miss
Violet Edith Styles and Marcus B. Dye
were united by Rev. L C. Meserve of the
Plymouth Congregational Church.
The bride, wearing aipretty combinat
ion of dove^olored silk and lace, was
given into the groom's keeping by, her
brother.
The matron of honor.Mrs. A. J. Rob
erts, wore a gown of cream silk. The
groom was attended by S. W. Gates.
Among the guests at the service and
wedding supper were: Mr. and Mrs. S.
W. Gates, Mr. and Mrs. E. a Williams,
Mrs. H. Williams. Mr. and Mrs. A. J.
Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Schooler,
Mr. and Mrs. Morrison, Mr. and Mrs.
Green, Mrs. Cousins, Miss Elaine Rob
erts, Master Lester Williams. R. Gates,
Raymond Styles. .% ."
i Mr. and Mrs. Dye are spending their
honeymoon at Monterey.
The wedding of Miss Mary T. Hadley
and Edward H, Rothrock took place
Wednesdays July 26, at the home of the
bride's mother. Mrs. James Preece, 1052
Ellis street. «; v v"' -'.^^ti i*
The bride is well known In this city,
while Mr. Rothrock is a graduate of
Stanford. '98. During his college ca
reer he made a name as a debater. and
is now on the staff of the Spokane
Chronicle. ' , _\u0084
After a short tour Mr. and Mrs. Roth
rock will live at Spokane.
HOME PARTIES.
Mrs. Elizabeth D. King entertained
several guests in her apartments at
the Hotel Argylo last Tuesday evening.
The gathering comprised chiefly resi
dents of Spokane, whose reunion was
made very interesting with the game
of five hundred.
The first prize was awarded to Mr.
Aldrich, the consolation prize going to
Miss Georgia G. Meek.
The rooms, tastefully decorated in red
and yellow, presented a very attractive
appearance. The guests from Spokane In
cluded: Mrs. H..Ross Gandy, Miss Nina
Ross, Miss Georgia G. Meek. Mrs. Eliza
beth D. King, Ornlce King, H. L. Weed,
Mr. and Mrs. Albert E. Reid. Mr. and
Mrs. I. Munroe, A. B. Acorn, Mr. Aldrich.
Other guests of San Francisco were A. H.
Ten Brock, Miss Emma Perry, Dr. Cook.
Dr. Wilder Dwight.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Simon celebrated their
fortieth wedding anniversary on July 9 at
their residence. 781 McAllister street
Carnations and' smilax were tastefully
used throughout the house in honor of
the occasion, at which were present many
friends offering congratulation. Rev. H.
Samuelson officiated as. toastmaster dur
ing a supper, which was served in much
merriment. Among the guests were Rev.
and Mrs. Samuelson, Mr. and Mrs. S.
Avelrod, Mr. and Mrs. E. Leopold, Mr.
and Mrs. J- Simon. Mr. and Mrs. A. Vol
pin. Mr. and Mrs. M. Steinberg, Mr. and
Mrs. N. Schick, Mrs. Dora Schick, Mrs.
R. Harrington, Barney Simon, Jack SI-.
mon, David Simon, tho Misses Simon, the
Misses Steinberg. Jurand Steinberg, Miss
Virginia Volpin, Darrel Volpin, Ralph
Herrlngton.
Mrs. Bessie Cohn was. given a surprise
upon her recent arrival from New York
at the home of her aunt, Mrs. I. Cohn.
107 Trenton street. Many friends greeted
Mrs. Cohn upon her entrance to the
house, which had been pleasantly pre
paredX for her reception. ' Music and
glancing passed the evening quickly, the
guests including Morris << Engleman, Mr.
and Mrs. Brantweln, Miss Brantwein, Mr.
Weinberg, Miss Ethel Morris. Miss Gold
stein, Mr. and Mrs. Gellette. Mr.v and
Mrs. Goldstein. Mr. West/ Mr. and Mrs.
Abrams, Mr. and Mrs. Tennln, Mr.- and,
Mrs. I. Cohen. .
A reception was given ' at the home of
Hiss Agnes Toomey, 673 Twenty- fourth
street, Oakland, recently, previous to the
departure of the young hostess, . with
tho Misses Ella and Theresa Eagen, for
Portland.
They left last Monday for a three
months' trip, during which they will visit
Seattle and Victoria. -»
A surprise party was given to Mr. and
Mrs. J. P: , Murphy a few • evenings ago
at their home. 1913 Sutter street, by mem- \u25a0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;; x MONDAY, JULY ;31.; 31. 1905.
bers of Court Golden Gate and of Com
panion Court Golden Gate, I. O. F. Mr.
Murphy has been elected as a delegate
to represent the Supreme Court meeting
at Atlantic City.
Music and dancing merrily engaged the
guests' attention until after midnight and
many toasts were given to Mr.- and Mrs.
Murphy.
CLUB PARTIES.
The California State Floral Society and
Pacific Coast Horticultural Society will
hold their fall exhibition in the grand
nave of the ferry building, November
.0, 10 and 11.
A "poverty ball" was given at tho
Hotel Tuxedo, Santa Cruz Mountains, on
Saturday evening. July 22.
Many characters were assumed and
well sustained, the floor being filled with
maskers.
Those giving the best impersonations
were awarded prizes, which fell to Miss
Lucille Kelly of San Francisco, charac
terizing "Topsy," and to M. G. Jonas,
who wa-s temporarily a "Happy Hooli
gan."
PEP.SOXALS.
Mrs. J. Simon of 781 McAllister street
is at Paraiso Springs for a few weeks.
Mrs. W. Buell, Mrs. Pink Shaen of
San Francisco and Mrs. W. J. Bricker
of Los Angeles, who have been visiting
British Columbia, Portland and Shasta
Springs, have returned home. •
Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Hansen have re
turned from a two weeks' stay at Pa
cific Grove and Del Monte.
j Mrs. J. D. Sullivan, Miss Nellie Sul-
I livan, Miss Kathryn Sullivan and Miss
Jennie Cronan are among those spend
ing the summer at Hotel del Mar, Santa
Cruz.
Mrs. Adolph Sleroty of Los Angeles
is the guest of her parents at 216 Grove
street.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Leiser of 123
Grove street will soon move to Ala
meda, where they have completed the
building of a new home.
Mrs. Edgar C Stoutenberg has re
turned from Los Gatos and will soon
leave for Portland and British Colum
bia.
Miss Matilda Feely of San Jose is con
valescent after a recent illness. \
Mrs. Yetta Hanauer, with her daughter,
Miss Jeannette, is staying at the Hotel
Richelieu. They are from Philadelphia-
Mrs. I. Tobrlner- was "at home" last
Thursday before her departure for San
Luis Obispo, where her home is to be.
Mrs. L. Samuel of Portland is t^e guest
of ,her daughter, Mrs. H. J. Gosllner, in
this city.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis H. Benas have
taken apartments at the Sheridan, 740
Ellis street.
Mr. and Mrs. I. G laser and their son
Mark are at the American Inn, Portland.
Dr. and Mrs. J. N. Powell, with their
nephew, Edward. R. King Jr., are visiting
tho fair at Portland.
Mrs. Louis A. Phillips and Miss Sarena
Phillips are spending a few weeks at
Shsta Springs.
Dr. and Mrs. Erneste Johansen are oc
cupying their old home at 1809 Oak street.
The Misses Madeleine and Frances
Wasch are spending their vacation at
Camp Meelier, Sonoma County.
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest J. Goggin, with
Miss Maye Sullivan, have returned from
their summer outing in Sonoma.
Miss Frances A. Greeninger, who has
been visiting the fair at Portland, is at
home.
Mrs. B. Braham Raphael of 1467 Ful
ton street is the guest of Mrs. A. S.
Rosenthal in Portland, where Mrs.
Raphael will remain for some time vis
iting the fair. v -
Mrs. E. Kloppenburg. with her daugh
ter, is making a tour of San Jose,.Mon
terey and Los Angeles, at the end of
which trip the travelers* will return East.
Among the guests at the McAleer
Ranch, San Jose, for the. past few weekß
were: The M. J. Rafters of . Nevada
City, the Misses Mary, Harriet and Vibl
ana McKay of Oakland, Dr. C. Welch, H.
Mastick and Miss Muriel Mastlck, of Los
Angeles.
Miss Evelyn C. Mulvllle, who has been
.the guest of her sister, Mrs. Arthur J.
Condon, at Tonopah, has arrived at
home. . . --i-, .
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Cohn of Los An
geles, with their daughter, Estelle, are at
the St. Francis prior to making a trip
through the north to include a visit to
the fair. • \u25a0 ' .\u25a0. \u25a0
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Kettenbach of
1941 Kittredge street, Berkeley, are en
tertaining Miss Elizabeth Kettenbach of
Lewiston, Idaho. • '. .: ; \u25a0
Mr. and Mrs. Carl. Sommer are home
after an outing spent at Moss Beach,
San Mateo County.
WEDDIXGS.
Miss Annie Melnburger and Harvey J.
Hemmlnga were quietly married on the
evening of July 22 at the homo of the
bride's parents.. Tho bridal attendants
were Miss Minnie Melnburger and Wil
liam Hemmlnga. After, a trip to Now
York going first to the Portland fair,
Mr. and Mrs. Hemminga will live in
San Francisco. '
Miss Emma Flala was hostess on an
automobile, ride last Saturday in honor
of Miss Foelker of St. ; Louis. A dinner
was also given,. following the ride, at a
downtown restaurant . .
PERSONAL.
TV. A. Ward and wifo of Victoria aro
at tho Occidental.
Dana Brooks, Mayor of Oceanpark,
is at the Palace. ; ' '\u25a0
F. M. Hufftaker, an attorney of Vir
ginia City, is at the Palace.
Adjutant General J. B. Lauck of Sac
ramento Is at the Occidental.
W.F. Knox, a capitalist and lumber
man' of Sacramento, Is at the Grand.
Reese Llewellyn, a well-known busi
ness man of Los Angeles, Is at the Pal
ace. *
United States Senator Thomas Kearns
of Utah and Mrs. Kearns are registered
at the St. Francis.
State Printer W.W. Shannon : and
wife are down from Sacramento and
staying at the Lick.
A. C. Lovekin, who Is connected'with
the ' Honolulu Trust Company, is reg
istered at the St. Francis.' ,: V:D
Oscar J. Smith, a well-known -capi
talist of Reno, ; who. is inter
ested in. banks, mining properties l and
other enterprises of Western Nevada, is
registered at 'the Palace. \
John W. Brock of Philadelphia, presi
dent of the .Tonopah Mining^ Company
and the" Tonopah . Railroad Company,
and his family arrived • here yesterday
from the East and are staying?: at the
Palace. .'.\u25a0; -*\u25a0•\u25a0' \\ : '-/ v ' >'}-ii. :-'?\u25a0*
Is Visiting \u25a0 at ; Coronado.
f CORONADO / BEACH, July 30.^— A. C.
Rulofson of Ban" Francisco is registered
at the Hotel del Coronado. , . '
They permeate '. every portion of tho
system and ~glve ' it a ; new life' and ' vigor.
Lash's Kidney, and Liver Bitters. / •
PATTY THRILLS
ORPHEUM CROWD
Cavorts. .About Merrily r 6n
His Head and Does Many
Clever Inverted Stunts
OTHER NEW NUMBEKS
Morton as Silly and Funny
as Ever, and Madame Bobe
Pleases With Xylophone
Paris sends two novelties to the Orph
eum this week, Alexander Patty, who
walKs on his head, and - Mmc. 1 * Celina
Bobe, who play a the xylophone sinfully
veil. These, with J. J. Morton, who
could not. hail from anywhere but Amer
ica—"did you say America?"— "l said
America, Susan"— if he tried, with two
and a half excellent holdovers, make up
a bill of the best.
Alexander Patty furnishes the thrills.
Patty is peculiar. He wears his feet
where most of us wear our heads, and
i£ ho ever i^uuires the Services of the
gentleman on Sutter street, who "re
moved corns from all the crowned heads
of Europe," it will bo for his cranium.
There are two of them, two Pattys.
They begin with some of the Quickest,
deftest tumbling and head to head bal
ancing ever seen at the Orpheum. Then
Alexander steps up on his hair to the
other head, dines and wines, Juggles,
plays a violin duet with the right side
up Patty, and with hardly. a blush upon
his youthful cheek descends. Afterward
he "walks" several feet upon a raised
platform and clumps down the staircase
on his curls. It is not at all beautiful,
but if one were cast upon a desert isl
and without one's arms and legs it would
be good to remember. ,
J. J. Morton Is as classically silly
as ever. If any one^ else were to tell
the Morton stories he would be used
to clean up with for : the next turn.
But then he couldn't. When Morton
tells about the time when he was a
"legitimate," they -"traveled with their
own river"; howvthe: child and the dog;
sat by the river and the child fell in;
how the dog drank the river and saved
the child; but how the villain came
along, and how he went for the child;
then how the noble ; dog "coughed up
the river and the billows rolled over
the villain — period," you laugh. You
laugh and hoggishly want to stop your
neighbor's hysterics for fear you may
lose one silly, gorgeous word of . the
thing. To hear Morton tell about hir
ing a horse, how the livery .stable man
"woke one up" and the rest, disperses
any further sobriety. •\u25a0'. -
• Mme. Cellna Bobe furnishes the musio
and the shoulders of the bill. Mme.
Bobe'B xylophone playing would be won
derful If it were not for her shoulders.
She is, in fact, a Paderewskl of; the
xylophone, as one discovered in listening
between times. She set a Mascagni-like
pace for the "William Tell" overture that
bothered the orchestra, and generally
gave a brilliant and astonishing perform
ance. If xylophone playing is at all
worth while, it is surely to be heard at
its best here. Mme. Bobe is further a
fairly accomplished violinist, but her
shoulders are virtuoso, and her gown,
that timidly approaches them, is a chef
d-ocuvre.
New also, are Smith and Campbell, who
for reasons unknown call . themselves
"The Men of Quality." Their! act'con
sists largely in an uninteresting display
t of^bad manners, with a good patter song
tjnd others needless. The-Messenger Boy
Trio was presented with a handsome
floral arrangement last night by the Cali
fornia Special Messenger Service mem-,
bers to much applause.: Then Estellita
continues her charming dance, the Wilton
acrobats grow in favor, and S. Miller
Kent continues.
• BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
UINTAH LANDS
DRAW CROWDS
Commissioner Richards Will
in Person Superintend the
Registrations on Tuesday
DENVER, July 30.— United States Land
Commissioner W. A. Richards, who spent
the night "In this city, left to-day for
Grand Junction, Colo., one of the towns
selected for - registering applicants for
homesteads In the Uihtah reservation,
Utah, which has been thrown open to
settlement. Commissioner Richards will
superintend the registration. He brought
with him from .Washington twenty-four
Government clerks. to aid in the clerical
work. If any additional help Is needed
it will be secured on the ground. The
work of registration will commence on
Tuesday next #nd reports from Grand
Junction indicate that a large number
of. persons have arrived there to have
their names enrolled. Word comes al
ready that Eastern roads have sold sev
eral thousand tlokets with/ Grand Juno
tlon or other registration points as the
destination.
In a printed Interview Commissioner
Riohards { is credited with saying that
while there was plenty of good'land in
the reservation the amount had been ex
aggerated. He also stated that compared
with other reservations opened to settle
ment the Ulntah land was not so • good.
He declared emphatically that everybody,
regardless of color, religion or anything
else would be given an equal show. Com
missioner Richards wa3 unable to say
when mineral lands In' the reservation
would be ready for. entry.
TAKEN TWICE TO HOSPITAIi :
EV COURSE OF AN EVENING
Hard luck came In a bunch, to Marion
Boyles of 444 Bryant street last night.
Immediately after being /treated at the
Emergency Hospital for abrasions re-,
celved in a fistic encounter, he returned
In the ambulance 'suffering: with: contu
sions caused by being: knocked down by
Late fn the evening; /Boyles disputed
with one Robert McFurey.ln a saloon at
Third and - Townsend ", streets and » thw"
Irate temper of -the" latter soon; devel
oped into a fighting mood. Both- men
mixed compliments : and 7 exchanged
blows "until Boyles was "counted . : out"
The • patrol = wagon hurried him : to ; the
Emergency i Hospital /and his assailant
to the police station: ,; The injured; man
was booked for slight abrasions and his
opponent of a few minutes previous was
'charged 4 with ibattery. Boyles : declared
himself ;unhurt : and was released from
the ' care : of a ; nurse. Within 1 five . min
utes he was picked up ;Onithe^corrier;Of
Market ;> and : Eighth streets by, a passer-"
by suff erlngf from? contusions > of ;;\u25a0 the
hips and':; arms.'; This ; - time '-\u25a0' he "was
knocked • to the - pavement by ''a. \ buggy.
His injuries were not serious. in cither
case.
A, Surrey. Runabout and Top Buggy, or Stan
hope, if bought of Hi. : alwaya lives up • to ; the
price. /We carry the best that's «nade. Lel
baid Haraasa Comnsxur. ": 2ll LarUin street.'- • .••'•
ZIONIST FIRM
FOR PALESTINE
Great Britain's Offer of a
Tract iv Africa for a
Jewish Colony Declined
VOTE A DECISIVE ONE
Socialist Section ; Leaves
the Conference When the
Conclusion Is Reached
BASLE, Switzerland, July 30. — By an
overwhelming majority the Zionist Con
gress this afternoon decided not to ac
cept the offer of Great Britain of a
tract of land in East Africa for the
formation of a Zionist colony..
A special sitting of the congress was
called for 9 o'clock last evening for the
discussion of this subject. Four orators
supported and four opposed the accept
ance of Great Britain's proposition.
Tho debate lasted for over six hours
and President Nordeau eventually sus
pended the sitting, owing to the tumult
ous scene 3. The sitting was resumed
at noon to-day, when the committee hav
ing the matter in hand presented the
following resolution:
"That the- Zionist Congress firmly
maintains the principle for the foun
dation of the colony in the Jewish
fatherland/ Palestine, or in that vicin
ity. The congress thanks Great Britain
for her offer of African territory, the
consideration of which, however, is ter
minated, and hopes that Great Britain
will continue to aid in the solution of
the Jewish question."
The resolution was adopted by a
large majority, amid loud protests from
the Socialist section, the members of
which left the hall. The sitting was
concluded with enthusiastic cheering.
A second session of the congress was
held to-night, calm prevailing throughout.
President Nordeau requested Mr. Green
burg to convey the thanks of the Zion
ists to the British Government for its
East African offer.
Mr.; Leon, in the name of the American
delegates, proposed a vote of gratitude
to the memory of John Hay, who often
gave assistance to the Jewish people.
The new statutes of the Zionists will
come up for discussion at the next
Zlonlstlc Memorial Service.
Memorial service in all parts of the
world was held yesterday in commem
oration of ' the departed Dr. Theo
dore who was held dear by
every Jew. The present being the first
anniversary a large congregation as
sembled in the Russ-street synagogue
last night. The service opened with
prayer by Rabbi H. Samuelson, af tar
which a short address was delivered by
Dr. Epsteen, who spoke on the helpers
of Zion. Leon Album spoke on the
prophetio tongue of the late Theodore
Herzle and. his views on the Hebrew
race. Congressman Julius Kahn made
an eloquent address on the happy con
dition of the Jews in the United States.
He hoped and trusted that the- young
rising generation would prove as loyal
and true to this Government as "their
fathers in the past.
" : Miss 1., E. Connor, milliner, of 138 G«ary
street, has removed to 225 Post street •
ASSAULT ON WIFE
LEADS TO A FIGHT
Thomas Ryan Injured in
an Affray on Harrison
Street.
A free-for-all fight was started early
•last evening at Langton and Harrison
streets by Thomas Ryan making an
assault upon his wife. Several other men
came to the woman's assistance and be
fore the police had quelled the disturb
ance some of them' were badly battered.
Ryan emerged from the scrimmage with
a fractured skull, while Thomas Koran,
a bystander, lost his teeth by a blow.
Mrs. Ryan's face was badly bruised.
John Littzens, one of the participants,
was locked up at the- Southern Station
and charged with battery. '
Ryan, who was formerly an ambulance
driver at the Almshouse, lives with his
wife at 1123 Langton street. The couple
had been quarreling. Ryan lost his
temper and struck his wife. Several per
sons came to the woman's assistance and
instantly there was a free-for-all fight.
When Policeman Phillips arrived the
crowd dispersed and many of the partici
pants made their escape. Ryan had been
knocked to the ground and jumped on.
The policeman gathered up as many as
"possible and Ryan was removed' to the
Central Emergency Hospital. Dr. Kudch
examined the injured man and found that
he had suffered a fracture of the skull.
He was also bruised about the body.
While being treated Ryan- tried to escape
from . the hospital attendants. He suc
ceeded in running as far as Eighth, and
Market streets '• before he was overtaken
by a policeman. ; It is not known who
injured Ryan. Littzen and Moran reside
in the neighborhood of the fight.
Children's Guardian Intoxicated.
A conductor on an 'outward bound
Haight-street car yesterday afternoon
noticed 1 that Robert Craven, who had
two , little children under his care, was
under the influence of liquor and noti
fied s the Park police station. Craven
was arrested and charged with Intoxi
cation, and the tots, one : a four-year
old boy, and the other an eighteea
month-old girl, were sent to the horns
of a friend. • ,
. Colic and stomach troubles are avoid-
*ed by using 'Mellin's Food for the
baby. Mellin'B Food being soluble,
easily digested and very nourishing,
Mellin's Food babies are free from
; colic and stomach . troubles. Try a
bottle of Mellin's Food and prove it
to your, own satisfaction.
• We will send you a sample of MelHn's Food
free of charge.
MelHn's Feed <f s tne ON L V Infants'
• . Food, which received the Grand Prize,
the highest award of the Louisiana Par-
chase Exposition, St. Louis, 1904. High-
er than a gold medal. f
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
DIRECTORY OF RESPOHSJBIc HQUSIS
Catalogue and* Price' Lists Mailed on
•'. /Application.
~~" OILS.
LUBRICATING; OILS : T LEONARD & ELUS.
, .418 Front Bt.; 5. , F.. Phone Main 1719. y
•:- _• :: '.;\u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0 . -..; PRINTING.":;.- \u25a0;•.:.'.;. . T
E. C. HUGHES, ' BU BanMmTS^*S. V.
Monday Specials in
Groceries and Liquors
(Fourth Floor)
The same splendid quality that' is forcing this department to
the fore as San Francisco's greatest grocery store.
Groceries
Hams — Best Eastern sugar-cured. Pound 13*/£ c
Stryker's Kitchen Sand Soap— B bars .' 25c
Tower Brand Flour — Makes delicious bread and cake; regularly ««
35c sack. Sale price. 10-lb sack *"t
Sago or Pearl Tapioca — Pound
Raisins — Choice seeded; i-lb. packages. 4 packages 25r
,Corn Stareh — Good quality. Package s>»
Olive Oil— Purest Californian; first pressing; regularly 85c. Sale CQ
price, bottle O?C j
RoyaJ Hawaiian Pineapple — Sliced. Dozen, $3.00; tin. 20c
Brauhhault's Tropical Sauce—Regularly 25c a bottle, 19c; reg- _~
larly 45c a bottle . . . i «SoC
Extra Salmon Bellies— Each 5c
Liquors
Yellowstone Whisky — Either rye or Bourbon; full quarts. - 4 rtr
Bottle $1.05
Claret — Good table wine. Gallon 3Sc
Schlitz, Budweiser or A. B. C. Beer^— Pints, dozen, $1.35: *« <% n
quarts, dozen \u0084 J/.^U
Port, Sherry, Angelica, Muscatel. Tokay or Madeira* — Regu- nn
larly 50c. Sale price, bottle 35c; or 3 bottles for JI.UU
Old Globe Bourbon— <s years old; regularly $3.00 gallon. Sale -<• --
price, gallon '..... $£.*j
Dollar Brand Whisky — Sold the world over at $1.00. Sale price co
bottle ; OOC
El Bart Gin — The finest dry gin made. Bottle 20c
.Cocktails— Assorted; pints. Bottle
To-Day Ends | v j Every
fne I $(% &*»». -r^^v-r^ Department
Greatest July 3^930*1751 ' Othrs its
Clearance ffi.*J£^ZT' nicest
EverHeldin *f MWKfT&ttQ&S & cc !f /s n for
This City H r < *~ rw Tf» g c\ nt >n™
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY ANTTsENSATION!
James J. Morton; Smith and Campbell:
Mme. Cellna Bobe j Mr. S. Miller Kent
and Company! Wilton Brothers! Mes-
senjeer Boys' Trio; La Belle Eat ell It a.
Assisted by-Slsnor Gabardoni Orphe-
um Motion Pictures, and'
PATTY BROTHERS.
Mr. Alexander Patty is the Only- Man in
the World Who Actually Walks on
His Head. .
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. :
PRICES— IOc 25c. 50c.
tfULilfiWiP'ft ittDINQ THfATRt
Two Weeks TO=NIQHT .H" 41 ?*'
Beslnntiu; ' V i^tVIIII Saturday
iiijHnpB™t%^ TOU ALL KNOW.
ffi^^ffigig HI-/ li UJtrLjMj
. la His Laughable Creation,
WEATHER BEATEX BEXSOX.
See " the Most Realistic Rainstorm Ever Pro-
duced on the Stags.
AN IDEAL. LIEBLER A CO. CAST.
PRICES— 2So to $1 60. - , ;V;; V ;
MATIXEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
THIRD WEEK.
Performanca Begins at o O'clock Sharp
D» Koven and Smith's Romantlo Comic Opera,
ROB ROY
GREAT. SUCCESS OB*
KATE CONDON.,
ANNA LICHTEB.'
ARTHUR CUNNINGHAX
TEDDY WEBB.
FRANK R. HAVES,
-, * AND BARRON BEJRTHAUX
PRODUCTION STAGED BY MAX FREEMAN
First Time at Popular Prlcea — 23c, 800. 75c
GRAND hIIM
GLJCKMAN'9
YIDDISH PLAYERS
FOURTH WEEK -
TO-XIGHT
••JOSEPH IN EGYPT"
To-Morrow. "Th« INTERRUPTED WED-.
DING"; Wednesday, "RABBI OSHEB" (by
reque»t)t Thuriday, "KOt, NIDREfT" (by re-
quest); Friday and Saturday, "JACOB AND
ESAU" | Bat. and Sun. Mats., "THB LITTLE
RABBI"; Sunday nUht. "KING SOLOMOW."
Coming— DENlS O'SVLLIVAW. .'
ALCAZAR "F/jpr
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. TOURS. * BAT.
-\u25a0\u25a0• Tba Farorlte Romantlo Actor. :.V
WHITE WHITTLESEY .
In J. K. Hackett's Comedy of Romance,
the fortunes
of The king
First San Francisco Production.
Evgs., 25c to 75c; Mats. Thurs.-Sat., 25c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— WHITE tVHrrTXESBT In
- Henry Miller's Great Success,
THE ONLY WAY
Market Street, Near Eighth. . .Phone South 833
TO-NIGHT-ALL THIS WEEK. ,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Most Sensational . Melodrama of Life In
the West Ever Written.
. James .\u25a0•H.-WalllcVi Masterpiece.
THE CATTLE KING
\u25a0HERSCHEL MAYALL in the Title Role.
Elegant Scenery. , Startling Climaxes! .* Mex-
ican \u25a0 Costumes '. »Tho ; Mounted Vaquerost". The
Attempted Lynching and the beautiful Ken-
tucky Thoroughbred. .
PRICES— Eve.. 10c to; 50c; Mats.. 10c. 15c. 23e.
lA/.T.HESS,
.Notary Public and Attorney-at-Law.
Tenth Floor,' Room 1015, Claus Bpreckels bldx.
\u25a0 \u25a0 •-• . - Telephone Main BS3.
: Residence, 1802 McAllister si. «3
\u25a0Residence Telephone Par* 84t1. :
,
H. W, myr 1 TECTTr 1 'Frisco's
. Tbenter.
MOXDAY 2TIGHT,
y And All This TTeek,
OLA HUMPHREY
IN —
DORA THORNE
A dramatization or Bertta M. Clay's famou»
noved ef ths «am» name.
First Urns ever seta In San rranelaeo.
Ev«nln» prices— 2s. CO. T3o. Sat. Mat. 23, Mo.
Thursday and Sunday, bargain matinee* \u25a0
entire heuje 25c: all referred.
SCHEPPS 1 DOGS AND PONIES
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening la the Theater.
SEE THB JOHXSTOTVTf FLOOD.
CHARLES BIONBT. World's Champion Hita
Diver.
RIDE OX THE CIRCLE SWCTG.
See Calqnlts, "the- Llvinx Doll," Ante
RedUne. the Plump Lady, and the
Babies tn the Infant Incubators.
Amateur >~lg-ht Thursday.
ADMISSION 100 t CHILDREN... jjo
MISCELLANEOUS.
Back East Excursions
Round Trip Tickets ta
Chicago $ 73 so
St. Lotus 6? 50
Memphis 67 so
New Orleans 67 so
Kansas City 60 00
Omaha 6b 00
St. Paul 70 00
Minneapolis 70 00
•Daluth 72 50 r
Fort Worth * 6b 00
New York 108 so
Boston 100 .so
Philadelphia : - -107 so
Baltimore 107 00
Washington. 0. C 107 00
05 SALS
July M.3S-SO. j
Ausntt 13-18-84-58. ;: v£»
September T-S-9-10-H-IS4T.
- Ooed tor 90 days.
OX2IVSS AXD KSTTJU $55.03
09 BUS
Aurust tt-n-x*-so-«. •
Good for 40 days.
Tats* ticksts are all .oa
THE CALIFORNIA. LIMITED
ASS THE SANTA TS.
833 Marktt Sixsti
....THE....
Los Angeles Times
San Francisco Office
Is located in
ROOM 10, CHRONICLE BUILDIXCS
ARTHUR L. FISH, Representative.
If yon would do sffectlve advertising
In the Southwest, drop a line to .the
above address or telephone Main 1473
and our representative win be pleased
to call on you with full information as
to rates, etc.
.THE SUNDAY TIMES, with Sf.pasa.
magazine. $2.50 a year by mail.
THE
PALACE
HOTEL
Compressed Air cleaning; planr
Steam beat and open fires.
Perfect ventilation ..
Pipe organ and orchestra
Unexcelled cuisine
Every luxury attainable ;
78
A WANT AD MAY BLAZE A PATH FOR YOU
JOHN' 1). SIMtMCK KLS. . . . Proprietor
AJCriss to
JOHN McXAIGHT Manager
\V. J. MAKTIX Business -Manager
TELEPHONE.
As-k for THE i*XSJ!£ Tii^> Op*r*tar Will Con-
jitct Vcu \'.it':i i!«.s Deparurci-t \ r-u W'i^n.
Puniiration UiT.ce Marl:tt end Thiid. S. F.
ECiu-rial :iuu:.:s 217 to 221 Stev^u.-on *t.
Ijeiivf-rcj! by <>.rr!cri, 2<» C*!«. P<?r VCrvk. 75
Cts. Prr Month. P'ngle Co->irs *< Cis.
Tcrn:s ty Maii. bsoludine i'v^^go iC.iih Wl.h |
Or^or» :
l).\:i.Y call (inclu*. KncdayK 1 »x«r.'.?S.Oo |
3AILT f.U.i. <In. !u<:. i-utlay). C n^oi. - . »-<:o j
DAILY CA!.i>~-Isv tfinsl \u25a0 Moat* 7.'c
mndav <-a;.t.. 1 Year = -2H
aKSULV CALL. 1 V^ai LOO j
vmt,-,,;.- 1 jsily ...*».N> Per Year KtJM
POSTAGE, iVv.VkjV . f.i-0 l'-r v >a .- Oxa* |
ALL I'OS tit ASTERS kilS AimiOßL4El>j
To UE%Z£IVE StrBSCSIP-iTIOXS.
Eanip!(i Co>i-«> wUj b-- forwarded vhen re-
quested.
Hail tiib«.cr!tcr«'.:i «rc;:-iir? ch«nft« < •*_ au-
ir»ss should bo )>aiii<-u;a! to Rive buiti STKW ;
AND OI4J APDKKS6 ::> c-.vier to Its lie a I
t.if.^ijjt u-'<l correct t_->;.n;:!!t3n.-e *Ub t'r.tir ie- j
QVCSt.
OAKLANL> OKFICE:
10;<i CrJaJi>'6> Telcpriue Main 10S-1 j
.v:..\x:-;i)A office:
il:i I'ark E'lTit. Nvar >»t:r.s Clara Avcr.UJ. J
. I'rtoue Alsii.e'la 519. ;
nKCK.IILKY OFFICE:
214S Cent-r iStr-xt Te;ei;l-.ot:e North 77:
WASHINGTON CURRESPOXDEST: . \u25a0 !
JAMKS =. TVI.ES P;M Building j
NEW YORK XIiWS STANPS:
U*Ml<lorf-AFtola Uot*J: A. ten ano.' "1 1
CldsMl S-i'-ar*-. Murray Hill Hotel; Fl.tn-avenue
H^itl anj I4o?fn.a.n liou>»r.
CHICAGO Ni;\V.S STANDS:
ktifiiun:: Huuse: P. i). Xvj's Co. : Geit j
JCortbei-n Hotel: Tr«~rr.ur.t House; Audi or.urn i
Hotvi; l'alnier Ho'J*e.
CHICAGO HEPKESENTATIVE:
C. CEOBGE KRi«3NKSS. Maj-qjuette Building: j
\u25a0 '.\u25a0:? Mlaatllce lVlejuiuiie. "v'vntral 2GIH.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TrPHEN U. SMITH 30 Tribune Bu liilng |
NEW YoRK COKRESPONDENT:
C. C. CABLTUN * Herald Square j
BC£INE£S OFFICE of the San Krancisc-) CaK. '
corner Market atu: Third ?neeis : or<n un.i! !
12 o\!ock every night in ihe c ytar;
BRANCH OFFICES: !
lOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until I
11 p. tn. ' I
Si'O Montgomery a\*e. ; ci«?n until 9 p. m.
.%•<> Havi., Etreet; ojj*n until u-.1-H) p. m.
0;r.» McAllister \u25a0htreet: open until S>:3o p. in.
615 L&i'kin Street; ojx-n until 9:OT p. m.
ifU! Mission street; o|kh until 10 p. m. \u25a0
100 Eleventh street: <.ii>en until ft p. m.
10fl€ Vkl?ticia Ftrr-ft: or-en until 1) p. m.
ttotlhetst comer Church and Dur.can utreete; i
open until » p. m.
22Wi FlUmon street; open until U p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVI.VG TOWS
FOR THIS SUMMER.
CALI< HubiirrlltorH «onl«"mpl;itincr a
rhsnge of residence during lbe> tummrr
months oan lin^c their paper forwarded
by mall to their new address by notify-
ing THE CALL BuotneitM Office. This
paper *\ ill alno be on i«ale at all Bummer
resort* and In represented by a local
agent in all towns on the coast.
MEETIAG NOTICES.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
PANY — A EpecUl meeting of the stockholders
cf the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
»I!l be held at the office of the company, ln
room 1216. in the Merchants' Exchang«
building, in the city and county of San
Francisco, ln the State of California, the
«ame being the principal place of business
of ml 4 corporation, and Being the building
»here the board of directors of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on the 2Sth day of August.
1605, at the hour of 12 o'clock noon, to con-
sider ana act upon the propositions:
First, to increase the capital stock of said
corporation to one hundred and sixty million
dollars <$1t50.000,u00>. and for that purpose to
• mend article VI of the articles of incorpora-
tion and consolidation of the company to
read as follows:
"The amount of the capital etock of said
corporation shsll be cne hundred and sixty
million dollars ($160,000,000), divided into
cne million six hundred thousand (1,600,000)
th&res of the par value or one hundred dol-
lars tfloO) each, which said amount of capi-
tal stock does not exceed the amount actually
required for the purposes of the said corpora-
tion, and le the amount actually reiuired
•nd ascertained to be necessary for construct-
ing, completing, equipping, operating and
maintaining its road, and is so estimated by
competent engineers, as will appear by tlio
written estimate of 6uch engineers, duly
cigned by them, and filed ln the office and
principal place of business aforesaid of said
corporation."
And to amend paragraph third of artSds
XII of the said articles to read as follows-
"The number of directors of said con-
solidated corporation thall be eleven (11)
•nd the amount of the capital etock of «»td
corporation Ehaii be one hundred and siity
million dollar« <$1«0.000.000). which said
sjnount of capital stock is the amount ac-
tually required for the purposes of eaid cor-
poration, and is the amount actually re-
quired and ascertained to be necessary for
constructing, completing, equipping. CDC-at-
lng and maintaining Its road and l«~ co
estimated by competent engineers ac will
•PPear by the aforesaid written estimate of
raid engineers, duly signed by them and n
file as aforesaid, gaid capital stock of saU
corporation shall be divided into cne million
•lx hundred thousand (1,600.000) share"
°/,J? c value ct one hundred dollara
($100) each, of which said shares of ««,«
capital etock the following hax*e been ."£
scribed by »nd allotted to the stockholders
cf *ald constituent corporations. a» hereiT-
after «et forth, to wit:" uercin-
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
peny. incorporated, organized and eristic
under the laws of the State of Calif o™L*
and to its ehareholders. one rnilifon f
tourteen thousand two bundreS ud f2?«4nt
"•To tfc« Southern Pacific Railroad f™
psny. incorporated, organized and «£?£»
tinder the laws of the Territory of >w^L S
•xd to its stockholder., one hundred .^
VSFSSfeSSF" ntne h ™^ " «« £§
p.^c^ew o^^. l^rpor^e«^-
•Od extetlng under the law. of the 7>£? *
of New Mexico, ar.d to Its \u25a0 stoekh!^ **
tlxty-eight .thousand eight hund«^ Were J
eighty-eight (es,&sB) sharls" Buadr «'J and
"Tee several stockholders of .«-». .
constituent corporations thali hay « ial<li aI<1
them by the B aid coasoliAa.^' ll r !f u * <I.^1 .^
paid up chares of the capiTal «t££ PO ?- t! 2R2 R
consolidated corporation out „• ?£ k °{ tn *
therto; subscribed by and allot, a sbares
stockholder, of thel/ res^cm^ l* \? r th «
corpcratlons to the like amount tltUe . nt
iollw, at their par value with 1 1*, i. " r ! or
at the share, held by such stO ckh P nM V " Ue
tbeh- respective constituent coS°, dd n c ' 5 ,. tn
Thereafter, and secondly, to cV»?. °l !-
*d lndebtednew of said corlo^tion & t^ i
•mount In the aggregate of oiTe h «n^, 5 th#s
sixty million dollars ($l«0.0i« 0^? f* d anG
coin of the Ur.lted States (a b6rvr^ i a soli
U to be used In miring exl«i-r whlcl »
d«btedne«). ar.j to '.nrrepse thf n<i^ »n-
debteiness of raid c.-rpcratlj,, J^adsd ln-
•mcunt Jn the aggregate of nVe" ,, "P »"» the
•Jxty mil Men dollar* if\W dug f^?* 51 "*" 1 * n 'i
coin of the United State., a«<i £ 0) ln *«W
said proposed bended indebted i." 0 "^ the
mortgage upon the railroads rran^f bjr a
property of the company now o \vn»3 lre »- t ar.d
after acquired, end the Income 7? or her «-
*uch part thereof ac may h^ n r i. r ,t? r - cr
the mortgage; «nd to determine jk. . l " 1 ln
terms of eald bonds anl jW»~£ torm ««
authorize the Board of Dlrecto-S » * nd to '
*ueh action as they tnay deem „!? lake all
expedient ln the premises. Ot CMeary or
Dated tba SStta day of June iocr
By order of the Board of Irtrictors'
««er*Ury of the Southern ' t^waf SEfr
Ccnspaay. c "aiiro^
N. T. SMITH.
K. E. CALVTn
WILLIAM HOOD
I. W. HELLMAN* t,
JAMES K. WILSOV *
•.T. M. HANFOftD l
PETER F. DUN'VE.
J. L. WILLCUTT
rawrxa kin 6.
CHAS. P. LINCOLX
_\u0084 G. L. KJ.VG " * '
1414 Southern Pailfle iv, lroa(1
ANNUAL MEETING— The Ri»don Iron and^
Locomotive Works— The annual meeting 7,^
tbe stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Lo-
comotive Works for tbe election of tnutees
lor th» ensuing year and the transaction of
•uch other business as may be brought before
tbe meeting will be held at tbe office of the
company. 2flS Steuart St.. San Francisco, on
MONDAY, tb* 7th day of August, 1!K 5, at
11 «/ clock a, m. AUGUSTUS TAYLOR,
McrcUry.
! _- NOTlCnS— Coii<lntic<l.
j MlbSlO:.' CominanOcry No. 41, K. T. —
assembly THIS (MONDAY* "IAP
KVKXI.NG. 8 o'clock. Mission Ma- iCSj
B'in'c Ten:r>le. Oidir of malta and
i drill. All fratus cordially Invited. By cr-
! ilsr cf the commander.
J.VO. K. MILLMAN. Recorder.
HERMANN Ijo£±v No. 127. F. ar.d A. ©
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY VV
(MONDAY), .laiy 31. r.t 7:.:0 o'clock /VN
p. n-. Degre? Mcond. !3y r.rdor of thi
\V. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KCfO BOLOMOVE Lodge No. 2CO. F. «
, nnd A. M.. JSrjO KiUmore st.— Third «f\f
I dtgroe THIS < MONDAY; EVENING /V^
1 at 7:30 t/cl^<~k.
HARRY BASHR. Secrtta.y/
i THIS picnic <if the M^hel C'-.rk iJcr.ftvo- %*.*«%}
lent Association will be held in Sheii \.\.\ ; o
Mi.uiM Park. Berkeley. SUNDAY. StAY;
I August C 1903. Very valuable jcjw?
I prlsrs. Including n ncuKstlc Kewir:c St££
lr.acl'.ine. fcr nrst gat» prize; cosh prizes
fctlore. Come artl brl::c your friends t»
the Rebel Ccik picnic Sunday; Aueuet 6.
j H. F. BUCKLHY. Secretary.
I THK California Debris Commission, having re-
cvtv«4 applications to mine by hydrauli.-
1 jiroctis frivm Uneda Minins Co.. in' Uneda
' rnlnc. nr-or Beckvlth, Hlumas County, <'al..
j dralnlns Intu Little UrSszly Or?ek. which
i^aihes Keathfr R.'ver; from Hfchnrd IJay,
Jn Continental :n;n«F. near Johnsville. J'lu-
mas County. Cfll.. !a:nm;.' into Xtlson
Oe«k. which reach?* I-Vmher River; an-!
from H. H. Bate* and H. B. Arnold. In
Bads'r mine, near New Mohawk. I'lumaa
County. i'a!.. <lrai!il:ic into rsvine ilraininp
\u25a0 Into Fetther River, glv»-s notice that a
1 meeting to retire a:.;, protest* Brtll Ke naM
i st r^cn-. CS. Flood building. ?an Francisco.
; <"al . Aut. 7. 1003. st 1 :"o :>. in.
ATTORXEV S-AT-LAAV.
; AArrl>lVOaCEitcMtn>si2-\«iultEf^ieUfad-
vi«e tree; no charK': urVss Mioiess.ul; o|>en
ever.ings; wills, dealt-, lejscs. bills of >Mle
ard articles of co-partnernhiii carefully iire-
jiarcd; bankruptcy, collections, and probating
of PFtatos. ;C7 MarKi-t st.. rf.or.i HOI.
AA— DIVORCE coata $12.
Quick, uuiet; lejal advice free.
No charge unless eucccsMTul.
All law tiu«ine?s. Cptn eveaicgit.
Examiner building, iwm 31K. third floor.
It. W. KING, Attorn jy'at-Law. Exam. bWg*
Cth floor, entrai-.-je ruom (ill: caubiUhsd -0
years; all courts, courts and office
practice: no ft*. !n advance or foi cons'iita-
tion: eveninps by ani'O'iitir.^nt. Tfl. ripii :>t3til.
ADVICE free; lagul d!\.>ive COPtn -512; all law
raws handled: no foe in advence* optn Sat-
urday evenings: oiher f-veii!ngs by appoint-
ment; cull and save money. S'.'.i Market, r. 33.
ADVICE free: costs $2 tn ?<i: n,> fee tir.K->>«; suc-
cessful; collection" everywhere; \u25a0nycaw in
any .-ourt. Law Inv. Co.. 4J I'arrott bid?:
L. S. CLARK. fi27 Market, room 304." cptwulta-
tlon free: no f*e in advance. Open evenings.
ACEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS to take hold of a useful and attrac-
tlve article; a quick seller; K"o.1 cummji-- :
felon. W. B. CURTIS & CO.. 617 Mission st.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR sale — Two-cylinder light delivery car. [
WALTER S. FRANCE. 20 Golden Gate aye. i
A bargain— l»os White touring car. practically i
new. Co(i Van Xe«s aye.. nr. Golden Gate aye. 1
ASTHMA CURE.
A. DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures; for sale |
by a. I druggists; main depot 1602 Mftrket st.
St. Nicholas Hotel: 10c. 25c. «*>oc package.
EOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for two children under 10 years;
kind German family; reasonable, liox 8217,
Call.
WANTED — Infant to board; best care given.
2.'>93 Howard ft., ton flat. ' !
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $25C0— PARTNER In best corner saloon on
water front: 5 years" lease; no rent to pay:
about 20 barrels of whisky on hand: a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2fi'4'*iveamy.
A— SI7SO— CORNER ealcon in wholesale dis-
trict; surrounded by factories and wholesale
houses; owner has 3 places; must sell one.
See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A— s6so; FRUIT and vegetable store, with
route: wagon. 2 horses: very best location in
the Mission; a good-paying business; sicklies*
compels owner to go in the country. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26V;, Kearny gt.
A— s22oo; CORNER saloon with 6 furnished
rooms; rent $100; lease; one of the best cor-
ners north of Market st. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— SISOO; CORNER grocery and bar. with 5
years' lease; on Halght st. ; rent $55; 4 liv-
ing rooms; full value in sight; trouble ln
family cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE,
26»4 Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, on Third st.. with
. 7 rooms; rent $85; one of the best located
i places on the most prominent busines" part
j of Third et.: full value In sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; CORNER grocery and bar; on San-
chez st., with 0 living rooms; 4 years' lease;
rent $33; dally sales about $25; place kept by
owner 8 years; a rare chance. Call R. G.
• WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— ssooo; THE leading saloon ln Monterey,
with 5 years' lease; rent $60; stock will in-
voice about $2000; this is a bonanza; full
value in sight; owner Is competed by other
Investments to sell at once. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— sl6W; GROCERY and bar; best location
Ocean View; rent $23; fell \alue in aXgat; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKK. 20*4 K«?arny.
A— ? 1300; PAPER route; morning paper. Call
Rr-G. WILKE. 2C'^ Kearny st.
A— slloo> DELICATESSEN sture. with dairy
produc*: livine rooms; very best location on ,
Third st., near Cal! building. Particulars R. I
G. WILKE. -my* Kearny st. j
A—ssoo;A — $500; CA£"K and restaurant, with elegant I
furnished rooms: a small Dtlmoaico; private
dining-room; location the very best; West-
ern Addition: running on Delmonico style.
See R. G. WILKE. gtiVJ Kearny st.
A— s4so; CIGAR store with 3 fine living j
rooms; kept by owner 10 years; rent $.£!; I
most prominent location on Larkin st. Call I
R. G. WILKE. 2Ctfr Kearny «t.
A—sssoo;A — $5500; MOST prominent corner saloon; one
block irom Phelan bids.; lease; many for-
tunes made in this corner; a very rare
chance. Call It. G. WILKK. 2GVii Kearny st.
A—sCso:A — $C50: CIGAR, tobacco stand, , corner, with
laundry office; owner l;epi place 4 years
business clears above Silo per month; loca-
tion the best; close to Examiner office. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2O'j Kearny st.
A—sl7so;A — $1750; SAUSAGE factory and pork more
horse, wason; business established many
years; has a large patronage in wholesale
trade, also doing rushing store trade; owner
to retire only cause of Bale. See It. G
WILKE. Zljii. Kearny st.
A— sl3oo; CORNER saloon north of Market st.,
close to Kearny; rent $&0; lease; owner
wishes to quit city life and go ln the coun-
try; lnveytlgate: this is a rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2'itt Kearny st.
A— sl3so: CORNER calrcn on Folsom bt.. with
2 living rooms: rent $35; placa located 'closo I
SS , si ? th Bt -: bargain. Call R. G. WILKE.
261-1 Kearny st. -^
\u25a0*>— $2800: THE most prominent corner saloon
on Sixth St.. with lease, and cigar stand In
front; quarrels among partners only caustj of
sale; not all cash necei^sary. Call R G
WILKE.- 2«»j Ktaray st. ,'
A— s3ooo: ELEGANTLY ntt** up »a!oon wltli
o furnished rooms; the most prominent loca- I
tion north of Marku street; r*m $122; a
X er3 [,. r /i J ?- chance: place v n^ney- maker. U.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kcarr.y st. j
A— sSooo; CORKER salooii r.lth f.at ~t »
rooms; Uaee: no better location in this city-
owr.fr kept place 10 years: « very rare
chance. Call K. G. WILKK. 2J'l. Kearny s t.
A— $;ooo; ROADHOUSE with bowling alley,
dance pavjllon. etc.; rent ?30: the place is
located on the roost, prominent county road
to San Mateo. Call R. G. WILKE, 2C»
Kearny *t
A— fJOOO; CORNER saloon, with lease ami liv-
ing-room; about 3 barrels cholctet whisky on
hand; location the very best: close to Market
St.; Investigate; this Is a rare chance. R
O. WILKK. 28*4 Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; FANCY grocery and . delicatesien
store on Sacramento et.. Western Addition:
rent $30: 3 years' lease: full value ln olrht.
Call R. G.. WILKE. 2flVi Kearny «t.
A— s2ooo: SALOON with mercantile, lunch ln
wholesale diEtrict; N of Market st.; place
' established years: business first-class; owner
to go to the country. See R. G. WILKE.
26V4 Kearny tt .
A—s7ooo;A — $7000; CORNER' saloon In wholesale : dis-/
trict: place clean about $500 per- month; 7
years' lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 2UV4
Kearny «.
F. L. SKAGGS & CO., Hotel Brokers,
20 Montgomery st.
Hotel of 54 rooms, beautifully furnished; low
rent; long lease; line bar trade; price 512.000
r. L. SKAGGS & CO.. ,
Examine our list of Hotel opportunities.
RESTAURANT: $140; seats 30; doing, good
business; good location, - manufacturing dis-
trict;, leaving town; must - sell. _ Box SOIS.
Call office. . v -
the san francisco; GALt. mondav july si \u25a0 1905.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnu«d.
A— CAMERON £ CO. Phone South 1050
a Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
1 Headquarters lor all kinds cf business chances.
A — WANTED — Two first-class drug, stores for
clients; one to be right 'downtown, the other
one out a little ways, but muM be good busi-
ness section and cheap for cash. CAMERON
& CO.
! A— s.looo BUYS first-class coal, wood and Ice
j business; also electric plant for sawing wood;
! located in fine bay town; equipped with
j horsce and wagons; doing good business,
; clearins over $150 per month; established ten
! years; owner has other business and cannot
I de\ctc his time to it. Sec CAMERON & CO.
- . '
A— AN investment of $500 to SICCO will secure
the position of secretary and treasurer for
nrst-ciaus corporation ;*6alaty $ICO per month;
I Is well' established; bank references. See
I CAMttftON & CO.
I GKocErJY, branch bakery, school supplies,
! $;:m'.
1 djocerj- and bar; prices $1200 to $-">COO.
i Saloons, all prices, from $750 to $'>SCO.
' oyster and chop houses. s<l7s to SISGO.
; Stationery and notions, quod stand. §325. i
• Candy, suda Wo.ter and Ilc cream parlors. '
; Millinery, tiist-class stand and trade. \u25a0 |
: Clsar s:an<lt. all !;inds and prices. _j
I Wood. coal, hay-nnd grain yards.
Milk route bake shops and repair shops. :
; R'liiriie.--. al'. kinds, with and without fruit. 1
: Offices, houses, apartr.itnts. flats and tran- 1
I skr.; 1
; K<-.--tasjr»m, splendid outfit, nicely equipped, !
$4.->». CAL. IN VESTMENT CO.. 777VJ Mkt. j
DELICATESSEN', with and without bakeries, \u25a0
$:;cu to $xro. : cal. investment com-
l'ANV. 777 ! i Market st.
" A SNAP.
BeinK .:cnuici!t-<l to so Kast on urgent busi-
I ness, will sell :ny restaurant at a sacrifice:
I everything £rst class and- up-to-date; cheap
rent: eckta ."S; 3-Year !ea*c; nice trade; must
leave hy August 10. S. B. DOW, 1303^-
• Castro ft. _____'
j fsOO— A MILLINERY stnre: well established; j
: more than <lnub!e tlis value In stock and flx-
! turcs; located on one of the best streets in
th.p city: loiv rent, gocd lease; the-tra<le Is
; firFt c!ass; If you investigate this you will
1 purchase. Room 7. 2B .Montgomery st.
r. 1.. SKAGCS & CO.. '-'J Montgomery St.,
Hotel Brokers.
Half In terestt.ltt* profitable hotel business;
n<. competition; good town: nrice $4000.
V. L. EKAGGS & CO. '
JG(>^^-^ > AK•^^*KH. <>ld established office busi-
ness: modern offices; clears $200 monthly;
bright, lp'iablo man wanted; business guar-
; anteed r?s represented: rare chance; value In
. 'iglit. ««!! 7 On*.nt aye.
ITO leas..— A brick plant: 40,000 capacity dally;
engine, boiler, crusher and every facility for
niskins first-class brick: unlimited quantities
of clay. AdpljC DR. C. C. O'DONNELL,
1021 ii* Market st. ; tel. South C 22. . \u25a0
S2dO— WILLING, steady , man wanted as a
partner In established business; sure profit
of $75 til each a month. 1.51 Montgomery
St.. rcom S.
WANTED— Partner with $200; good manu-
facturing business; tend ;cash and store.
2S-"! Fourth st.
HAY, grain, wood and coal yard: account of
sickness" must sell. M. WRIGHT, 435 Na-
"toma st.
FOR sale — Flrst-cla.«s bakery; fine condition:
I>est city Sacramento Valley: good reason for
celling. P. O. box 2. Woodland, Cal.
MILK ranch with 22 cows for sale on account
of sickness of the proprietor. Apply 15aS
Schiller st.. Alameda.
FOR SALE — Long established carpenter shop,
with horse and wagon. 2135 Fillmore, near
Sacramento. .
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
good Call route ln Oakland for sale. Apply I
at Call Business Office for particulars.
GOOD reetaurant for sale; for man and wife,
136 Eighth st.
RESTAURANT; cheap; cash or time-, or will
rent with privilege. 040 Commercial st.
BARGAIN — Grocery, saloon: make offer: owner
must leave city; no agents. Box 7!)2f1, Call.
TWO candy stores; must sell on account of
other business. Inquire ISIO Market st.
FOR eale — Delicatessen and restaurant: good
place for man and wife. Box S2OO. Call.
GOOD Call routo lor tale. Apply at Call
office. \u25a0 . .
GOOD oyster house, opposite new p. O. ; 3-
year lease: no agents. 50 Seventh st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* has been
\u25a0 opened at 1008 Market et.. oppo»::e Filth.
Open until 11 o. m.
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process us»d
for cleaning carpets on, floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company :ins Market
St.: phone Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. ISCO Har-
rison st.: AI cleaning. He. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225.
CARPETS clean., fit., lay. 53<> G.G.ave. ;phone
East 1065. Star Ren. Co.. W. Wagner, Mgr.
CARPETS cleaned and laid. Sc a yard KLEIN-
ERT: 1520 Polk st.: phone East 725.
CONKLIN'S Superior ' Carpet Beatintr Works,
Oolo>n Gate aye. & Larkin: ph6ne East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ;
tel Main :tt>4. GEO. WAI.COM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'SL 240 Fourteenth «.— First-class
carpet cleaning. ?,n yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH &\u25a0 CO.. rarpet- beat Ing works: prices
r«a«onahle. 17n.T Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
LACE OUHTAINS AND BLANKET?.
BItANDTTS New York Curtain Houfp: incst i
romjil^te plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. 1324 Fillmore; phone Pln n f"22.
CURE FOR RUPTURE.
DR. PIERCES iuTgnTtkr^aTuc^TrussT^per!
feet retainer; positiv- cure: book free. Re-
tr.oveil to -'lit; Kearny at., room 307. -v
I DO not cure rupture, but can hold them in
place. WKDKKIND. 44(. Geary st. -
COLLECTION ; OFFICES. '
bAD tenant? ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Paciflc Collection . Co., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main .".ISO.
DRESSM.VKEH!* AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Eve. clrj-s; patterns cut. 1100 Maiket st.
Accordion, sunburnt and knife pleatln.-j. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factoiy, I !0 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL. ~~
AMERICAN School for Opera iand^Drama—
Places graduates through tho Theatrical Ex-
change in Europe and ' America: Vvcal (Italiar.
method); opera, dian-.a, concert, vauUevlllf,
sketches, plai'-s, icngs r.nd music written. Tel.
Kasi 1-JCI. Mme. Jenny Ward Hays, director;
Mme. Tregear. bus. manager. .1225 Gearyjjst.
WESTERN BUSINESS COLI.IiGiC. 1^!S1 Mar-
ket Ft. — Tsrms ?S per month; ?40 (i months;
thorough course; in order to demonstrate our
superior method of teaching will give one
month's tuition Tree; success assured.
LESSONS in English. French, Spanish, Ger-
nTan; mandolin, violin.-- suitor, piino, . ; slng-
Ing. elocution, O.rnssmukins, luiirdrossins and
. manicuring fcr *1 .'•) ptr month; day or
evening. 7-JO Bus=h st.
A — THE LYCEUM. «n accredited preparatory
school for university, law.* nu dical collegea;
refs., Pres. Jordan or any Stanford prof.;
summer session begins June 5. Phelan bldp.
ALL who dotire 'good positions should attend
this college; we have . had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege. 73S Mission . St. «' > .
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col. : Cal. B. C. stu-
dents nlth us: sfenograplu-rs' trained:, posi-
tions sf cured. '.^.I Golden Gate. .Webster & Co.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEOE ha 3 removed to larger quarters at !>.'£»
Market St.; 'best location In city;' catalogue.
HEALD'S School 'of Mines and Engineering, 24
\u25a0 Post st., S. V. : civil, mlninp, electrical, -steam,
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus..; .:
HEALD'S BUSINESS. COLLEGE. 24 Posfst.
Established ISIKJ: largest in the West: an-
nual enrollment .- 1000: send for circular. .-. =': 0
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec; mln.. mech., sur-
\u25a0 vey, asscy. cyanide; day. eve.; cst. ISB4. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Ftilton. nr. City Hall.
DANClNG— Ballroom I and , stage taught at IR-
VINE'S. 421 . Post : st. ; tel. Brown. s:s.~\
CORRESP.,' eve. school," drawing," strength ma- -
tcrlals.des., graphostatlcs, math." 20 Hartford."
HINMAN'S Academy. .-. a < thorough i school <: of
dancing; all branches.'; 1412 Polk st... nr.'Cal. \u25a0
IRVING. Institute School for Girls, : 2l2o Cal.
Et.; fall term begins Monday.^ August ,7. .loos. :
GERMAN." thorough instructions. • 1150 Turk
•-- street.-; •.\u25a0 \u25a0 .-\u25a0;>\u25a0•-\u25a0\u25a0- --\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0;.-*\u25a0 \u25a0..'•\u25a0', \u25a0-.\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0-'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Call.'
' 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
Roonilnjor-Houses and Hotel* for Sale.
MARION GRIFFIN,
870 — Market — at/ room — SOI — Eighth
floor — James — Flood — Building — opposite
"The — Emporium." — Phone — Main — Mii.
Modern — Business — Methods. — ROOMING
and — APARTMENT Houses. — Abstracts
furnished. All — titles — guaranteed.
Our — Ellis — St. — Entrance -- U
— Opposite —
—THE — GOLDEN — WEST — HOTEL—
—TAKE — THE — ELEVATOI'.—
OFFICE BUILDING.
' \ —WELL LOCATED—
2.4 rooms — Profit monthly, $150.
i» Price $lsoo— IiASY YfcAiAIS. — .
j MARION GRIFFIN-,
; 970 Market st.
» HOME
FOR RICH TOURISTS.
23 rooms. 23 rooms.
—NEAn GOLDEN GATE PARK-
SCO rent; has cleared $04 each month for 3
yean; furnishings coat $2000.
i Price $1200 — Easy terms.
MARION GRIFFIN, 970 Market st
LITTLE Apartment House — 21 rooms.
Near the widely known "Emporium."
Owner has left the city; will sell cheap.
$650 takes it; $200 down and installments
of $10 monthly. •
MARION GRIFFIN, 070 Market et.
222 Rooms —
—222 Rooms—
—222 Rooms.
SWELL APARTMENT HOUSE, opened last
year.
BRIGHT and NEW and CLEAN.
— 2, 3 and 4 room suites —
BEAUTIFUL
and
EXPENSIVE
FURNISHINGS.
$700 profit monthly g-u-a-r-a-n-t-e-e-d.
— LEASE for 8 years — \u25a0
Centrally located; only 7 blocks from JAMES
FLOOD BUILDING.
The Business Center of the City.
\u25a0 It is a HIGH-CLASS HOUSE
— and of course — \u25a0
EXCLUSIVELY lor sale by
MARION GRIFFIN.
' THE AGENT.
070 MARKET ST..
Opp. "Emporium."
Ellls-st. entrance
Opposite the
f Golden Wist Hotel.
' FIRST-CLASS PROPOSITION. •- : --
\u0084 -.' „ ..-*. - - 50 rooms.
SPLENDID \u25a0 - ' * •' '
—NEW AND MODERN— .
.BUILDING.
NEW and ELEGANT FURNISHINGS. '
—Rent $5 per room-^
Lease A. D. IIXiS to A. D. 1010.
BANKABLE SURPLUS
. — 31US in July—
—FINE LOCATION—
EXCLUSIVELY fur sale
— By—
MARION GRIFFIN.
, 070 Market st.
OR (Read slowly.)
j Would you like a CO-room house, well es-
tablished, doing a nice business and now of-
lered at half price for CERTAIN PRIVATE
REASONS, which — will — be — explained
PRICE $3COO (cost $7,100); easy terms.
JUNE SURPLUS $230.' JULY SURPLUS $211.
Exclusively for sale .;
By THE AGENT, .
. \ MARION GRIFFIN.
SUTTER STREET— : — 14 rooms
CORNER, HOUSE— I-» rooms
t'ORNIiH HOUSE— I 4 rooms
14 ixoni-i
$50 rent. 14 ruumj
—PRICE $400— .
$200 — down — and — time — on — $JCO.
S2CO — down — and — time — on — $2CO.
—AN ACCIDENT TO—
—THE LADY OWNER—
—CAUSES THE GRE.* T SACRIFICE—
HER LOSS IS YOUR CTAIN. n you do not
. delay until some one else snaps It.
v. MARION GRiFFIN,
970 Market, opp. Emporium.
5250 SPOT CASH '!
.-. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' — Buys 11-room house — :
HOT d \u25a0-\u0084\u25a0\u25a0
AND
COLO
WATER in each . room— y?ii*--
'4 blocks of Market; rent $30; price $250.
— PROFIT $W each menth— -
— See—
MARION GRIFFIN.r
'. . SIT. UP AND TAKE NOTICE.
' We want a lot In" "Sunset- District" or a
small' farm .worth $2250 >. within 60 miles :of
San Francisco . " ' \u25a0 - •
, ••:•\u25a0\u25a0• —IN EXCHANGE, FOR—
A ,". highly .u respectable;: well-located \u25a0 rooming-
house : doing a \u25a0 good ; business : cleared $1027 -Jn
Its ; last ; year.- Lease \u25a0» on house .- for : 4 ' years.'-
The house Is f ree \u25a0\u25a0 of , Incumbrance. 1 . so must b*u
I the "lot or farm. The house Is , well . furnished '
and ! full of permanent roomers; \ .
\u2666 --MARION GRIFFIN— ..\u25a0_
—970 - Market j St.—
—Opposite "The Emporium."—
TRANSIENT house of 14 rooms on' O'Farrell
st. : furnished -most beautifully '4r months ago
Roominc-Houses and Hotels— Continued
at a cost of S1S00; offered for $1250 to make
QUICK SALE.
, BANKABLE SURPLUS $150 monthly.
, MARION O^IFFIN,
070 Market st..
—OPPOSITE "THE EMPORIUM." —
FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON &. CO. Phone South 1050
'/ 3 Eddy st., cor. 'Market and Powell.
Headquarters fo-\ Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All XinUs of Business Chances.
63 rooms; fine new brick building; choice-
central location; newly furnished in best oak
furniture, Axmlnster and velvet carpets, elec-
trli: elevator, lights and all modern conveni-
ences, beautiful light and airy halls; ln fact,
a siilrtid Id proposition; can be bought forless
thaiifhalf cost to furnish ; part cash, balance
long time at low interest: price $3000.
17 n-.oms, fine and central; rent only $S5:
good furniture and carpets, and making
money, but ill-health of owner cause of sale;
$1200.
65 rooms; new, , modern, downtown house;
cheap rent, long lease: well furnished: first-
class condition;, choice location and clears over
5230 per month; to be sold at big bargain.
IS rooms, fine location on Bush St.: oak fur-
niture, good carpets; few rooms not furnished:
big bnrsraln at ?730.
<?2 rooms: elegant location for high class
boarding-house; beautifully furnished; will
either sell the furniture and equipments or
lease same to responsible party. Fine oppor-
tunity for some one.
21 rooms; close in: rent only ?75; well fur-
nished and. if run some transient can make
l>i&- money: price $700.
108 rooms: new,' modern building: most ele-
gantly furnished; everything of the best; of-
fice and cafe on ground floor; there ia nothing
better in San Francisco -either as money-
maker or quality of furnishings; can be had
very reasonable on account of sickness; Will
take ranch or house and lot ln exchange.
' lS»-room corner house; fine location: oak fur-
niture, good carpets, everything first-class con-
dition: all full and clearing $73 per month; an
excellent buy at $1250.
7-room modern flat, furnished In mahogany
and oak furniture: good carpets; fine location;
on account of death, snap; prica $400.
37 rooms, fin" corner, downtown; cheap rent;
first-class furniture and carpets: one of the
best little transient houses ln city and can be
get a bis bargain; $2250.
»2 rooms; gocd location; well furnished:
mostly -men roomers: clean and good; rent only
$125; will exchange for smaller house, 10 to 12
rocins; price $1100. . .
14 rooms, fine block en Ellis st.: rent $75;
good furniture and carpets; bargain;. $600.
T.O rooms, new and modern: fine location;
well furnished and paying well, but owner Is
obliged to leave city and to make quick sale
reduced to half cost to furnish, or $1500.
14 rooms, fine location; rent only $50; north
Markrt: good furniture and carpets; all full;
price 5750.
35, r00m5; grand corner; cheap rent;: very
centrally located: good oak furniture; fine car-
pets; part offices: big • money-maker; part
down, balance time; price $ISOO.
53 rooms, new modern buildlnz; elegantly
furnls'ied' ln mahogany, blrdseye maple < and
weathered oak; velvet and Axmlnster carpets:
fine central location: will be sold at bargain;
part down, balance time: price $4500. '
fi-rr>om and alcove beautiful modern flat near
Sutter St.: all light and sunny; elegantly \u25a0 fur-
nished, with fine upright piano; bargain; $600.
25 rooms, new building and furniture, fine
block on Sutter st.; can be run either per-
.nancmt or transient: will take $1500 to get in;
will take small house In part payment.
IS rooms; finely located: good furniture and
carpets; Is paying well: will exchange for 10
oi 12 room house in good condition.
33 rooms, thoroughly renovated, downtown:
every thing- in flrst-class shape; location can't
be beat for fine transient trade. This Is an op-
portunity that should not be overlooked; part
down, balance time; price $2500. .
23 rooms, downtown; rent $100: good' furni-
turo and carpets,, and if run right can make
a mint of money out of It and will only take
$200 to get In: balance can be paid cut of
hcuse; price $1000.
125 rooms, new and up-to-date: rent only ?1
per room; lons lease: well and substantially
furnirhed: doing good business, but owing to
tho faot that owner has other interests which
require his attention outside of city will sacri-
fice.
71 rooms, elegant corner apartment-house of
3. 4 and *> rooms each; choicest location; rent
$5 5o per room: modern and up-to-dats: golden
and weathered oak. mahogany and birdseye
maple furniture: velvet and Axmlnster car-
pets and drar>erl»s of the best; all full and
clearing 1 f250 and leaves 5-room apartment for
landlady: part down, balance can be paid out
of house.
A. CAMERON" & CO.. 3 EDDY ST.
A A * . A SPECIAL/ A A
RETSLOFF & PPAULDI.NG. Reliable Agents.
Hank References
Hotels — Rooming- and Apartment Houses.
Flats — Private Homes — Grocery. .
Saloon — Delicacy — Stationery — Drug
and all kinds of business propositions.
Sold and exenanged.
Call — Investigate — and be convinced.
We handle only paying propositions.
RETSLOFF...'.-. ...' and .....SPAULDING
!KKS Market et ..Tnone John 4496.
8-ROOM j house for sale; reasonable. 313 Eddy
\u25a0 direct.
FOR sale — Furniture of S rooms. Apply 235
GoMrn- <«r.te nve. .
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
411 A ELLIS ST.' NEAR JONES.
ASTRO DEAD' TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $5 CELEBRATED LIFE READINGS $1.
The moment you enter his parlor he will tell
you YOUR FULL NAME, AGE. OCCUPA-
TION, YOUR MOTHER'S MAIDEN NAME
AND WHOM AND WHEN YOU WILL MAR-
RY, and what you cal.ed for, without asking a
question; .will tell name of your sweetheart or
anything you want to know. He sends you
away wiser and happier than when you called.
How can I have good luck? , .
How can I succeed in: business? \
How can I make my home happy?
How can I marry the one I choose?
How can I marry well?
How soon can I marry?. .
How can I conquer my rival?
How can I make any onelove met;
How can I set a letter?
How can I -get" a good position?
HOURS 10 TO .8 DAILY I AND SUNDAY.
.411 A 'ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES.
Permanently located In his own home.
PROFESSOR* .ALEXANDER DELMAR.
The Greatest Llvtns
Clairvoyant, Palmist and Psychic Healer.
. The Only Yogi Mediator
I .- . ;Of Secret Influence In America. ->r- : - J
J Without asking a single question he calls
you by . name, tells your mother's maiden
'name, tells you the names of friends, enemies
or rivals, tells you what you came for. tells
whom \and when . you marry: In fact,
e-v-e-r-y-t-h-1-n-g. ' ; '
No matter what your troubles, sickness or
desire may be. Professor Delmar will help
you: kind, honorable and confidential treat-
ment to all. .Full- life, 51. No pay in ad-
vance and unless you are entirely satisfied
. you do not pay a penny. Dally from 10 a. m.
to 5 p.' m. : .Saturdays to 8 p. m. ; Sundays.
1 to 4 p. m. 412 Post 6treet.
,'. PRINCESS EUGENIA,
' \u25a0» rrThe 'Veiled Prophetess. \u25a0
DEAD TRANCE MEDIUM.
Born with a Double Veil. .
Educated In Occult In Egypt and India.
$5 : COMPLETE LIFE READINGS $1.
Permanently located In her own home.
Private— No sign— Ring bell.
404 EDDY ST. 404 EDDY ST.
\u25a0-."-' . PRINCESS EUGENIA.
ISMAR, Egj-ptian seeress. The Vendome. ! 1104
- Market St.. San ; Francisco. Office hours — 10
- a.'m. to 6 p. M...Sundays. Sundays 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 0 to R. •\u25a0 Phon; South (1141. '
MISS ZEMDAR, younpr gifted elair. and palm.;
-, reveals hidden . secrots, love, business. . etc. ;
--'-.names; : L.~ 50c,; G; $i: --,B,"K Golden Gate aye.
MME. , JOSEPH.V palmist and life . reader, of
;\u25a0 Chicajjo: : businesß,: speculations, \u25a0 love;, full.
, readings: ladles 25c: gents 50c. 1221 Market.
MME. KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist ; ;.when others I fall try me ; good
reading 25c: no sign. ;102H 6th. nr. Mission.
I MME. BERNARD .reads? your; life ,- correctly;
I '\u25a0 : advice '<. pi yen ' on .- all affairs • of ; life: ; sa tis'ac-
-'.t'on ruar.; 2So up. »l7 3d.' neit Examiner bid.
WANTED— One thousand persons to send . three
qtieFtlcn^und 25c;: will! give correct answers. \u25a0
- MRS. SOFLAND,^ 143* Webster at; • Alameda.
A— DON'T fall to «cc MRS.DR: GORDON, the
;: wonder of the age.; 1 027 Vat Market. 2d floor.
MME. M ARSE AU. card reader : L. 25c. G 50c ;
hours 10 to 10. - 1207 Market s st .- -
CLAIRVOYANTS — Continued.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis st.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer; can be consulted
on all affairs of life: Miss Wllle guarantees
an honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; re-
veals the pant; gives correct forecast of your
• future; advises you en important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business:
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading. $1: hours
10-» p. m.: French. German. English spoken.
MME. > RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant
. gives names, advice In all affalr3. 5 4th st."
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, card reader: gives
names, dates and facts. 122S Market, rm. 2.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth st. to 954 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
JOHN SLATER'S circle to-nieht 8:15; tests
to all. 616H Lombard St.. bet. Powell and
Mason; sittings 10 to 4; phone James 7396.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medtum and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
EARLE'S seance Sun., Wed.. 219 Eddy St.;
readings. Hotel Hlgglns. O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
A— RETURNED. H. Jerome Fosselll. scientific
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter: tel Black 560S
MME. MAY. palmist and cardreader. 3532
Eighteenth st.. nr. Sanchez: hrs. 1 to 6; 50c.
HYPNOTISM.
DE LAUFF. magnetlst. 709 Bush; hours 1-5;
nervous, mental Ills; habits cured; no drugs.
DENTISTS.
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANT.
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Full set of tteth. $2; silver fillings. 23c; gold
fillings. $1; gold crowns. $3; bridgo work. $3.
1104 Market St., corner Turk.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings 60c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlore. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th—
No charse for extracting when plates ar»
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from JS. per s«t. extracting 50c; gas given.
FILLINGS. 25c and 50c: crowns, $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 909 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 55c; crowns. $2. no
pain: op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewitt. 101% Grant ay.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE M. sTkaUYE— Successor to George
Aokt, oldest and largest Japanese and Chinese
employment office. 421 Post st. : pbone Bush
ISS; promptly furnishes all kinds of help.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. office fur-
nishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. SAIKI. 405 Post St.; tel. Jamss 501.
STAR Employment Office — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell St.; tel. Main 1751.
A — ORPHEL'M Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 428 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
Finest Japanese help; house cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 343 Mason; tel. James 5251.
AN old estab. (1S50) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG'S, removed to 518 Pine; tel. Grant 156.
rf. W. HONG. 1113 Clay st.; Chinese employ-
ment ofhee; best help. Tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furn-
ished : hour* cleaning. 708 Taylor: James 7636
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main SKSB.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — FEMALE.
RELIABLE, competent, middle-aged German
woman wishes a position In families only to
• do good plain cooking and general housework;
$20; willing and obliging. Please apply Mon-
day, from S to 4, at 500 Fourth st. ; no pos-
tals.
DANISH girl wants situation; general house-
' work; Oakland. Berkeley or Alameda: wages
$25. Address E. BOES. C 43 Hampshire St..
S.F.. or box 7606. Call.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes position to take
care of a child 2 years old and assist in
light housework. Box SOO4. Call.
COMPETENT girl wishes to do general
housework and cooking In a family of adults.
Box 4C8:;. Call.
SITUATION Wanted by Swedish girl to do
general housework or cooking In American
family. Call 1768-Folsom St.. nr. Fourteenth.
AN exoerlenced woman on work by the day;
good laundress; $1.50 per <iay; references.
Box 3163, Call branch. 2200 Fillmore st.
A THOROUGHLY competent cook and house-
worker wishes a place- in a good family as
cook: $30 to $35: reference. 123S Mission st.;
phone Howard 2933. \
SWEDISH girl wants place: housework and
plain cooking. Call Monday. 225 Fourteenth
st., near Mission.
A LADY wants work by the day, washing and
house cleaning. Please call 11 Erkson court.
off Post st.. near Devlsadero.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker will make sulta;
$5 up; good fitter and remodeler. 433 Golden
Gate aye.
COMPETENT German lady wants position to
travel with family to Europe as infant's
nurse. 731 Fulton st.
LADIES' home work. 967 Mission St.. room 28.
A COMPETENT cook desires a situation.
706\a Birch, aye.. off Buchanan.
EXPERIENCED lady from the East would
like charge of rooming-bouse. Box 7995. Call.
JAPANESE .schoolgirl wishes situation ln a
small family. L. N-. box 8039. Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE. '
COMPETENT coachman, perfectly safe driver,
understands breaking colts, sober and re-
liable, wishes position; city or country. Box
793y. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as porter ln bar-
. b*r *hci>. Box 4060. Call.
BARTENDER, young, married man; steady
and reliable, would like steady position in
country: best of references. Box 7610. Call.
TRAVELING position wanted bj practical me-
chanical expert, where. the r litest skill and
the greatest ingenuity* Is required; tn any
line of machinery; or position as foreman ln
first-class machine shop. Address box 5923,
Call office.
'YOUNG man, competent stenographer and of-
fice assistant, wants clerical work of any
kind; moderate salary; references. Box
7933 Call. . : \u25a0
WANTED— By steady man with British ma-
rine papers, charge <of yacht or similar po-
sition; -Address S. ATKINSON. Diamond
Postoffice. Alameda County.
SITUATION wanted by a young machinist. 7
years' experience: can do any kind of ma-
chine work; no objection to country; refer-
ences. Box 7637. Call office.
PLUMBER, licensed and Independent, wants
work from property owner or contractor; has
all necessary anon tools; city or country.
- Box 71)77, Call. ;-•-;;
CONFECTIONER with best of references; ex-
• ptrt ln " high-class French good*, almond
paste, chocolates and decorating. . wants posi-
tion Box .7829. Call.
BARTENDER, young, married man; steady
and reliable, would like steady position In
country; best of refer»nces. Box 7837. Call.
WANTED — By a young man. a position in au-
tomobile works or machine shop; best of ref-
erences. C.-W.. box 7578. Call office.
WANTED — Position as collector: can give best
of referencs and bond. Address box 7670
Call office.
PIANO player desires position;, good ragtime
-piayer and sight rsader; also plays classical
music. Box 75SS. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook, sober, economical, wants
position in hotel, city or country. Box 7603
Call
PHOTOGRAPHER wants a position on photo-
graphic work; has experience. Address
AKAGAWA. 810? i Stockton sc. "/,,?
BUTCHER— An all-round man wishes position
in country. Box 8131. : Call. '
SET. of books to keep, evenings and Sundays
Box 755.5. Call. '
GOOD Japanese boy wants . situation to do
housework: city or country: speaks English
well. - Please address SATO. 417 Jones st.;
.phone East 3t>l«>. . \u25a0 • —
TRUSTWORTHY. . educated . Japanese, speaks
English well, desires -'a position ln More as
assistant salesman or any other help. Ad-
dress 130 Gtary st. • ; \u25a0
JAPANESE Intelligent; young "man wants po-
sition of any kind: will. work •« to S even-
Ings. Address G. I. 'X.. 315}j Stockton st.
AN 'honest 'Japanese 1 , boy wants a place of a
schoolboy -ln *». small family. Address 579
: Post st.. P. S..K. .
AN experienced Japanese and family laundry -
.man; wants a position In ths city. H. ,YO-
SHI/ICO6 Lea yen worth st
EMPLOYMENT \V.% NTEIJ — MALE — Con
GOOD Japancs? boy wishes position as a,
waiter or housework in » family; city cr
. country; speaks English well. Flense address
YAUA, 417 Jones <t.. phone East :J613.
JAPANESE wants po*tliun; cooking and
housework: has k-jo.l referents. FRANK.
31" Gutter St.: Ul. £S!ack 4241.
>""""~— — ~— *^ »
FINANCIAL.
t GILT-EDGE INVESTHENT
ABSOLUTELY SAFE.
Chiricahua Copper Mininjc Company, located
in the rich topper section of Arizona, offers
25.<00 <share.<* of treasury stock for develop-
ment purposes.
This stock la secured by first mortgagi
real estate; 3 jjer cent gold bonds; Interest
cemi-annually anil principal cnJ 01 20 years.
Further particulars
WOODWARD & C0.. -Agents. It Montgomery.
AAA— NOTICE.
REALTY SYNDICATE.
Hereafter all unmaturea certificates win be
cashed upon demand at 512 Call building.
REALTY Syndicate Certificates purchased:
top prices. W. L. HARPER. Crocker . bldg.
INVKNTOR wishes to interest capitalists in
valuable Invention. Inventor, box 7962. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment and rooming housta; our
renting department Is free to all; we can
find you a hems ln any part of th* city;
ask for no payment other than your good
will; we do not ask you to buy or even look
at the goods; use this department freely;
you are more than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 243-239 Geary
st. (on the square).
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANT.
Every desirable vacant dwelling Is listed ta
our renting department. Combined lists from
25 of the largest agencies. Saves a world of
time and trouble.
Services Is absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at
furniture. Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANT.
1C39 Market »t.. opposite McAllister. '
LANGTON. 39 and 43^ — i rooma and bath, $20.
41 Lanston — A rms. and bath. $22 50. nr. 7th
and Howard. 14 and 16 Landers — Upper and
lower flats, fix to suit tenant. 713 Harrison,
nr. 3d — 4 rms.. $13; ashes and water free.
A DELIGHTFUL corner fiat, nearly new, 4
rooms, basement, etc.: every room sunny;
rent reasonable: half block from Market st.
3947 17th at.; take- Castro or 18th st. car.
CORNER flat. 7 sunny rooms and bath: nearly
new carpets; real lace curtains; steel rang«
for sale if desired: unusually convenient: rent
$40; water free. 1303 Steiner. cor. O'Farrell.
BEAUTIFUL new lower and middle Cat. 6 rnu.
and b. ; latest imp.: large yard; water fre»:
very desirable location; open to-day. Apply
CARROLL & TILTON CO.. 811 Market »t.
PRKSIDIO Heights— s23 to $47 30; elegant all
sunny new 5-6-8 rooms and tiled' bathroom:
Sacramento and First aye.: open 1 to \u25a0* p. m.
APARTMENTS. 4 rooms and bath each: hand-
somely finished: rent $20. Franklin St.. be-
tween Filbert and Greenwich.
7 SUNNY rooms, bath and cellar la best part
of Mission; rtnt reasonable. Twenty-fifth
st.. near Guerrero; No. 3tS*jy.
SHARON. 44. bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
Church and Sanchez — Upper 5 rms. and bath;
cellar, yard; all newly tinted: with stable.
FILLMORE. 2216», — Sunny upper fiat. 5 rooms
bath. yard. $22 50. BURN HAM & MARSK 4
CO.. 211 Montgomery st. .' I
NO ea^ fare. 5 and 6 new sunny, modern
rooms: r«nt low. Le Roy place. Sacramento
and Jones. - \»u
MCALLISTER, 18«56-6S— Modern flats: 7 and »
rooms: rent reduced from $40 to $32 30 and
from 537 s<> to $3l>.
NEW. sunny. 5-room flats; $20 and $22. Dia-
mond st.. between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
BAKER. 733-735. n-ar McAllister— Extra fine
flats. 6-7 rooms; $.10, $32 50; very aunny:
SUNNY flat. 0 rooma and bath: all tinted.
333 ft Twenty-sixth st.. near Capp.
ELEGANT clean light 5-room flat. 887 Capp
St.. near Twenty-fourth.
MEACHAM place. 3. off Post, near Hyde — Six*
rooms and bath furniture for sale: cheao.
CASTRO. 421 — Upper fiat. 4 or 5 sunny rooms;
flno view; newly tinted: cheap.
BUSH, 1220A — Flat. 4 room*, large cellar: rent
$11. Apply 1223 Bush St.. basement.
FLAT; 3 large rooms. 147 Fatr Oaks st.. near
Twenty-second.
TO let — Nice sunny upper flat; marine vlaw; 6
rooms and bath. Jones and Broadway.
$16 — APPRECIATED If seen: modern, sunny,
4-room flat; bath, washstand. tubs. 1171 Oak.
NEW flat. 5 rooms; rent $24. 2481 A Folsom
street.
$23 — FLAT. 6 large rooma ar.d bath: fine loca-
tion. 263 Duboce st.. near Market.
MODERN fiats. 1933-ian OFarrell st.: 6 and 7
rooms, bath, basement, yard: rent reasonable*.
NOE. 1056 — New fiats; modern Improvements;
near Twenty-fourth and Castro cars.
CENTRALLY located flat, 5 rooms, bath; mod-
erate. 1020 Sacramento st.. above PoweU.
• FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR sale — Sunny Cat of five rooms, furnished.
for $150; rent cheap; hours 9 to 12 a. m.
60SV2 L>tcust aye.. off Laguna, bet. Golden
Gat* aye. and McAllister st.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
HANDSOMELY furnished 8-room flat; sell a*
it stands: new furniture, carpets, curtains,
etc.; call Monday and balance of week. 2 to
sp. ra.; no dealers. 937 Fell st. '- .
FURNISHED corner flat of 8 sunny rooms.
artistic and new. Call 1394 Sacramento, cor.
Leavenworth. 10 to 5; reference*.
NEWLY furnished. 6 rooms, full of roomers;
very cheap. 456 Hayes st. • \u25a0 . -
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed atorags pl-
anos & Furn. Whitehead's Storage. 163 d Mkt.
FURNITURE WASTED.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
st.. bet. 9th and 10th. paying big money for
furniture, etc Phone South 179.;
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fuxe-y
niture. carpets, etc. 782 Mission ; taLßuah 813.
Z. ABE LEVY. 1133 Market st. phona Jessl*
761. pays cash and buys everything. -
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A MAN and wife as first and se&nd cook in
same hotel in Nevada; $100 & month: hotel
experience and references required. MIS 3
PLUNKETT, 428 Sutter St.. near PowslL
>»
A WOMAN as first cook, also a second, cook
. for the same hotel kitchen in Nevada: flrvt
cook. $60; second girl. $40; hotel reference*
and experience required.
4 second girls for good ateady places. $30
each. MISS PLUNKETT. 423 Sutter at..
near Powell.
A WOMAN to clean In a bathhouse: $40 a
month; no board or room; references MISS
PLUNKETT. 428 Sutter St.. near Powell.
GIRLS to learn halrdressing. manicuring, mas.
aaje. etc.. from, A to Z ln 1 mo. tor $3 to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed" at $10 per week up; day ana evening
class. College, 234 Post St.. room 17. 2d floor.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery for fall: 2
seasons from start to finish In I mo. for $13;
positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
now for Aug. positions. 5ch001.234 Poat. r. 16.
MILLINERY taught 1 mo. for $5; learn now
for Aug-. positions: sits, guaranteed; «ye.
school only. 234 Post St.. room 16.
AA— OPERATORS wanted on ladles' under-
wear to work ln factory. 638 Mission st
third noor. .
AA— OPERATORS wasted on ladieV sUrt^
waists to work ln factory. «3« Mission at.
third floor.
GIRL: general housework and cooking; no
washing: Mnall family; 120. Apply 202 X
Broderlck st.. near Clay.
WANTED— Elderly woman; good ham*: wages
$10 per month. 131 Valencia stT^
YOITNG slrJ to do general housework: wages
$20. Call 411 Montgomery aye.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework. 24 Sixth
street.
GIRL. 14 to 15 years to care for child; must
leave -home. 1904 Broadway. *•"""! muat
; EXPERIENCED restaurant cook wanted. 313
Hsyes st. \u25a0% % - ...
NURSE for sanitarium. 2344 Sutter rt.
PANTS finishers. 744 Market st.. room Zt.
WANTED— GirI to assist . in . light housework
and cooking. 1447 Buchanan st. nou r worK ,
WANTED— A capable woman of business ex-
P«ienc« to »o to Idaho. Box 7SM; C*a.TO NEW OPPORTUNITY /_VND -\u25a0'.SUCCESS
HKLPJIVAXTED — FJ3SIAJLE--Cont Inn cil
WOII_X and rlrls wanted immediately; also
ciyerionccd cans.-rs: Fleady work aad hit-h-
est pay. Apply CALIFOItXIA CANXEKI £3
CO.. 423 Bftnaan it.
WOMEN and girls wanted: alto canners;
steady work: highest wage*. - CALIFORNIA
FRHSniXVING CO.. factfrv Beach and Dv-
A YOUNG revpect_b> sirl Icr housework ond
cooking: cdnlta; rererences. Call at "1332
Hayes st. after 12. '\u25a0l--rif',
AN fnjovabl* pro— table outtns; pick hops in
Augiust; b;><c!-1 t_te tickets r.oir ready:
come early as only a limited number can
be told. _. CLEMENS IIORST CO.. 122
Battery st.
WANTED — A saleslady. Juvenile furnishing
Koods deportment; m-jßt be experienced in
*h*t llr.e- no oth«rs ared apply. Call S. N.
WOOD & ''P.. 740 Market et.
WANTED—llldile-aße^ won-.an to make bed»
axd clean );alls part of day; wages $10 per
month. Call after 20 a, m.. Monday. 523
Kearcy »t.
WANTED — Young women to' learn telephone
operating; references required; salary while
lfc_rr.".r._. Apply 216 Bush at., third floor.
after 0 *y — l.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS AND GIRLS
TO LEARN. STANDARD FACTORY. COR.
OOUOH AND GROVE 6TB.
WjCCTED — A German girl for upsUOrs work
and take care of children; good w«tj. Call
SCOI Clay st. 2
EEWINO n_xhlne cper_tors on overalls: no
experience neoepsary. LEVI STRAUS3 _
CO.. S2^ Fremont tt. MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Glrla en sewlrjr machines : run b»
power; llrfct wcrlc; good pay. NEVILLE _
CO.. -30 Davis st. - '
KOP pick-rs wanted; lists opened July 24,. Call
and arr— nre for traneportatlon. tents, etc.
America- Ho? A Barley Co.. 227 Callfcrcla.
EXPERIENCED buttonhole operator on Singer
sewing machine. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.
Mr. Davis, ZZ\j Fremont et.
WANTED— A rood »_leswoman to travel. Bex
7CSI. Call office.
PERMANENT home fancy work for laditjs
triven at 1844 Market St.. opp. 7th. 9 to 5.
GIRLS asd beys wanted; operatlo and dramat-
ic work- 1225 Geary st.; phone- East 4461.
A TEACHER for district 6chooL 518 Farrou
bulling.
HAH BF.RS — Employment and Supplies.
$SOO— FIRST-CLASS 4-chair barber shop for
sale; elegant fissures; choice location; long
lease; bargain. COLEMAN. 311 James Flood
building.
1200 — PAYING 3-chair barber shop and bath-
rooms for tale in Oakland; cood location;
cl:fsp rent. COLEMAN, 311 James Flood
bcHd'.rg.
FOB s«!e — Two-chair barber chop; old etand;
3 living rooms back; account sickness. Ad-
(s^sB 642 East Main St., Stockton.
E \REER shops, city and country, wanted; will
-rv rash for fair paying shops. ETOLTZ.
T.i Martet Et.
GOOD barber wants a cteady position: dowa-
tr---n 'district. Phone Church 5053.
GOOD barber wanted: steady work; must be
union mar.. 5 Larkin st.
BARBER, first-class workman; rteady place.
_>r>c;s Kir.ninre tt., corner Pine. *-.""!
N(C£ I Btted v;' _-ch«:r barber shop; must sell;'
Ot!t«r b-sin»-«is; ?75. 1193 Folsom St.
BARBES chairs of all descriptions, eecond-
'har.'X ch t a;r. -STOLTZ. 7^3 Market st.
J.s."> Ft>B.-_tJlr«t-e__» 1 -chair "barber shop. 43ta
j st..- Obtsn l>oulevard.
HELP WANTED — MAJ.E..
AT HOP.D & SMITH'S. 741 Mission et.. nr.Sd..
s.nd <526 Washington st.. near Kearny.
FRE_ FARE— TO-DAY— FREB FARE.
To-day — Nevada — To-day.
Uonw Job— RAILROAD WORK— Long Job.
Corr.e end ?»e Us About It.
Teamsten. $2 25.
No D'Eccunt — Utah C^nsi Co> — Good Outfit.
SHIP TO-DAY.
Ctffip h<%rse*ho»r. Nevada^ $50 and found.
<-'"-4t. company. iT'ar city.'
Bricklayer*, plain work. Si. $4 60; a year*
uork for a company.
Laborers. r»-ar city. $2 25.
Foreign tawtr-ill hands. $30 to $35.
Tcncpah carpenters. $4 and board.
wagon teamsters, for company. $25.
Elevator boy. $20- and room. ' . \u25a0
Cook. $50; company. '
Bridge carpenters. $3 25: free fare. • _-:.- ;:
Western Pacific — Western P_c!fie. . '-.
Western Pacific. \u25a0;'\u25a0'.• .-\u25a0\u25a0' • \u25a0
_o to-day. ' '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :.-.'\u25a0 .: -\u25a0
Bockcien. $2 50; laborers. $2 25. - '\u25a0- ' : . .-.--.
... Go to-day .' .'• : . V:' \u25a0-:
\u25a0\u25a0;. -- ' • to the aew railroad. Get In \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 '..: \u25a0•\u25a0'
:'"'-\u25a0"\u25a0:'\u25a0 .:- ,\u25a0 . err.o-? the first. .. .\u25a0; ':. .;' -. .: ;' v
S. P. Company work.
-- :--\u25a0---- ; Nevada. \u25a0>\u25a0.".-:': \u25a0\u25a0-/'\u25a0:--\r "~
-. Company work.".;.. , . ;\u25a0..-.:.
laborer*. $2 to $2 25. -^ : '.. -.:'- '\u25a0' ; \u25a0 .: \u25a0;." .; .-: ; \u25a0 .- ;: .
. .'- Freft-Fare. ".."\u25a0•-:-'\u25a0" \u25a0\u25a0-"\u25a0•\u25a0- :^.:;' .';•
.-• AMERICAN \u25a0•;\u25a0": - ". /.-i :\u25a0-\u25a0'•: \u25a0-\u25a0'• ' .
E_rPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 COiIME-RCIAL ST.. near Kearcy.
PHONE BUSH »». J. L. DRECHSLER.
CARPENTEKS.: . „
& CARPENTERS. NEVADA, free fare, both
•w-aye: _cc boss here, $120 and fouadL
10 CARPENTERS. NORTH. $87 K> to ?lt«.
OREGON— FREE FABB.
BLACKSMITH, gold dredre, $IC3.
SPECIAL— BOSS HERE.
GREAT
NEW ELECTRIC FOWE tR SYNDICATE,
COMPANY WOR-C 3 years' job,
NO DISCOUNT. FARE REFUNDED.
S5 laborers — you'll do, $45 to $50 and fd.
15 Üborers, chop wood, ?4& and found.
lIOISTIN3 SNGINKE-R, DAM, $90.
ENGINEER. COMPaESSOR TUNNEL. $75.
ENGINEER. PUMP SAND. $00. -V ; ,
2 WAITERS, you can do it, $30 and found.
FINEST CLIMATE. WATER, BOARD. .-;
"WE WANT 455 satnnill yard and woods-
men. £825 farmers, milkers, ; teamsters,
fruit pickers, laborers, miners, mucke.-s.
tie-takers, drillers, rockmen. hay balers.
' * harrec: hands at to? wares.. C US.
CHIPPING CLERK. city; mlddle-ased; ...- 5
COOKS hotels, mines, ranches; S waiters.
Call and C US TO-DAY..
A -^^iw^^l^ T - •
Last C-U for This Shipment.
STEAM JCR VALENCIA- Sails
\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0:• - -. -• \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0• - from . \u25a0 r; :\u25a0..-\u25a0::-. . . :
Ercadtray Wharf, Bp. to. to-day ., ".
-. with \u25a0-A \u25a0;.;
&00 -aborcrs. ?2 75 Day. - -- ; --
No Passeneers.
Secure . >*cur tickets- from
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS* BMP. AGENCY.
935 Washington Bt, : Phone James 2SOI .
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGCY..
C 33 washinrton St.. Phone James 3301;
FRTSE FARE TO NEVADA.
52 £5 a _>ay. ?2 25 a Day.
NISW V/OnK— TUBA COUNTY.
Rockmen. 53 50; laborers, - \u25a0 i \u25a0
CSS War hinston .£_'\u25a0\u25a0.; Phone James BSOL ;. ?:.
A EECOND butler for steady place: $3S;ref«.
-. ZiltS PLUNK_7TT. 42& Sutter. near Powell.
A MAN and wife as Rrst ; '. _"n'_ eecond c^k ]
in hotel In Nevada.;: TsasCf T f 100; a month;
hotel experience ar..i vo ferences necesf ary.
-31ISS PLUNKETT. «2S Suttcr,: near Powell.
ANDRE'S offtte. 317 Stockton st^-Coob.; plain
boa:ainjr-h<vus« $50. good -.steady- Job; secocd
rook, i^-irt ..ort-— , 'M 4 a week; waiter,
botPl. tXi : • oronibas. rtlninr-rcom, $25; :ves'
|#tabl_ man. c>un_y hotel. eceehd butlei.
coiiiitrj'. *•\u25a0•••: -i^hwasher.,' s7. n' wee?t: ; car?;
;' -penter. country. $2 a day; grid found, :ptx. \u0084--\u25a0
WANTEI3 — For V. S. ; army. '•- "able-bodied i,unr .
-married men,- between .aces. -of :.2t'.anil^*3:
: .cIU-ens of United Sjates, of good eharact?!
and temp^rat* habits, \u25a0wno.chn'- ; spe»_, v :-.rtßd
cn£ >vrite English. For ialormatloa'.ajjp'y
•- to RecnilUne- Of f.cer. 201 lilalto , .bQ'lWns,
;: . Yew. Montso'mery gt.. Sap .rranclsco. Ca'^
VtVJTNT'ED— Engineer and -handy man for _•.
: tt'.a.icfftcturiSK' plant; Vvelox Corl!n oncfio
;. .u}=ed:-tlve v.j-.^s ar.d exjicriencs.-. 'Bpx;-ol%'
"'<*_!: offip*. -\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0; ''\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0. -'. •'• '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0. :••'.':.•.
A COL-t/TICTOR en tea .-»nd po_*fc3C«llt**s»
ings. CO7>6 San Jcfttve. - . . .'- -•\u25a0 : '- \u25a0 j
Byi" \u25a0\u25a0R-?ui*'>d i ct ' crtcc-ry .' business. •'1121'!
Octavla £t., near Ce»ry. \u25a0- . \ ... \u25a0 ' \
BOOTP.LACK for barber fhop. 602 Turk st. j
RAKF.R'S helper wanted. Sl6 Hayes et. i
WANTED— Biack.;Utli at 2220 Folsom ft. j
WANTKIi— CJcod fraternal insurance eolicl'or j
fcr ijaklar.fl: a reiMcr.t preferred; referenc-a. !
Bex .7930. Cali 1
HELP WANTED — MALE — Con<lnued.
A— MURRAY & READY. PHONE
C34-153G Clay st. MAIN 581 S.
LeaciinK Employment and Labor AgentE.
We rave i-i 190* 1003 we hope to
04,000 men work. v < increate Cl.ooo.
FKrrD'FARE.
GOLD MINE— OTHER MINES.
IS6 single aiid double hand drillers, $90,
§S2 80. $76. \u25a0 \u25a0
£<J muckers, carmen, etc., $70.- .'.-''\u25a0
553 laborvrs, no experience, for mines, $CO.
12 laborers to learn mining-, $60.
IS9 drillers, quarries, tunn«ls, etc.. $75.
lo labcrtrs, large countrj' factory, $<iO.
LABOREHS — TKAMSTITRS.
3C3 lalioriii and tean.stfrs. \u25a0' different Jobs,
eciiic l<i Shu Francisco. $2. $2 25, $2 60
Oay; com- sec us. -
DRILLERS AND QUARRYMEN.
Si dri'.krs atiil quarrymen, different places,
$67 .r>o. r >0 to $75.
FARM.*, ORCHARDS, ETC.
65 general ranch hands. $30. $35, $40 found.
HARVEY AND HAY-BALING HELP.
38 men. different positions, $1 50, $_ and
52 50 day and found.
12 hay-balers, different places, 15c. 10c, 25c
ton.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
37 men and boys for choree, $15. ?20,-$25, $30
end found.
:! ccachtiitn. 2 gardeners, $10 and found.
DAIRYMEN.
.0 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30,
535. $*0 and found.
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
BCS laborers, fare paid; you'll suit, $35. $40.
$45 and found. . .
126 experienced woodsmen, millmen, from
piling lumber to manager of mills and
woods, J35. $40. $50. r stiO, $70, $80. $90,
$125 month and found: come and see us.
STABLEMEN.
26 steblemen. different lobs, $35 and found
to $00. $75.
MECHANICAL.
IS BRICKLAYERS
For Seattle; you iare paid; usual wages.
CORNICE-MAKERS.
For Seattle; fare paid; 50c hour.
Cement finisher en plaster work, walks, fare
50c; $4 day.
Cement mason for mine, $3 50 day.
Woodturner, city, good job, $3 day.
Chipper, foundry, fare $3, mine, $67 60..
Engineer, washer, country laundry, $75.
Blacksmith, structural work. No. 1 lob.
Brick kiln setter, $75; 12 coopers, 12c each.
Flocrman. blacksmith. San Mateo, $3 day
up.
Blacksmith, no shoeing, fare $1 25; $50 fd.
Blacksmith cr a woodworker, fare $2 50;
$3 50 day.
28 blacksmiths horseehoers. etc., $4, $3 50,
$3, ?2 SO day.
18 bridge carpenters, lumber company, $90.
9 carpenters, build barns, etc., $3 50 day.
Blacksmith, machinist. Government Job, $75
and found.
CAR BUILDERS.
J 16 car builders. J&0 a month.
25 slack coor^rs, $lf> and found.
Tallyman, lumber company.
Sealer lumber company. $75; offbearer, $82 50.
Cement worker, rallruad company's own
work, $3 25 day. ' .
CARPENTERS.
IN SAN FRAXCISCO.
86 bench carpenters or cabinet-makers, spe-
cial city corporation Job; "not contract
work." $105 month.
— — A.LSO— — ~
14 carpenters, factory work, fare $1 60,
$105 month.
_C carpenters, different- city and country
jobs. $4. $3 50, $3 day.
Foreman, planing mill, country. $* da?'.
6 ccrnics-makers. Seattle, S hours, 's4 day.
Plasterer, $1 fare. $5 day. . !
3 carriage woodworkers, $3 50 day.
Blacksmith, country club, boss here, $40 fd.
Mill benchhand, country. $3 50 day. '
COLUSA COUNTY.
2e laborers and teamsters. $67 60.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 Clay. St..
COOKS. COOKS. COOKS.
45 cooks, different places, $90, $75, $50,
$10 and found.
WAITERS. WAITERS. WAITERS
2« wallers. \u25a0 different places, $45, $40, • $30,
$25 and found. - .
DISHWASHERS, PORTERS. BEDMAKERS.
30 dishwashers, different Jobs, $35, $30, $25.
$20 and found. ' :
LAUNDRYMEN. BELLBOYS.
33 lBundrjV -11 classes, $3. $2 60. $2 day.
IE b^ll and elevator boys, different Jobs, $15,
$CO.and 'found:.
Houseman, porters,- city hotel, $30 and found.
MISCELLANEOUS. \u25a0
20 boys learn trades, etc., $4, $5, $6 week.
2 younar men, candy stores, $6 week found.
Al teamEters, C-70 found. •'
MARRIED.
14 men and wives, different positions, $50,
$00. S7O and found.
. LAUNDRY. V
_ Ft.-urti Ironers. Santa Cru». $2 25 day. .
BAKERS. .
Bakers, fare S2. S'-'i and found.
Boy. iearn coppersmith trade^ $3 week. .- •
Man work about duck preserve. $25 found;
fare Dald.
Man take charge of bootblack stand.. $30 fd.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher.' fsre SOr. ?15 week.
Butcher, hotel, country. $40 and fd.
;i> MURRAY & READY. 634-U3B Clay Bt.- .
155 COAL miners. Npw Mexico.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 day Bt.
A—- -. NEW YORK— FREE FARE. • .
. 155 Italians. ...-'. \u25a0_'\u25a0 ' . \u25a0 \u25a0 ' ' . :
• 155 Portuguese. .. • '\u25a0•...' • • .'\u25a0 *;\u25a0" -..:
165 Augtrlans. : ' . •" . '.. : . \u25a0 '.'\u25a0.\u25a0
'.- 155 Spaniards or Mexican*. -. \u25a0 \u25a0 '; ' '• •\u25a0
155 Poles. Hungarians or Russians. . •\u25a0: • . .. ' ;
\u25a0$2. day: steady Jobs; see us. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.'..\u25a0.\u25a0•'.• : - ' "\u25a0'
MURRAY & READY. 634-633 Cl^y St.
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.'.\u25a0.: FREE FARE BOTH WAYS. :
\u25a0 ' ELECTRIC: POWER COMPANY. I:
, ; : . \u25a0:.:"- - : .,: : ; 25 LABORERS^ :5.87'60.-..': S.87'6O.-..' \u25a0 ; " \u25a0 v ' : - .-; '
ARE YOU GOING? $1 FEE. THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY & READY. 634-G3B Clay st.
\u25a0• ; - :. ;. . EXTRA SPECIALS. ;. v; / v \u25a0•
Shingle packer, south. $50 found.
Pipe fitter, factory, far<? Use, $76. "\u25a0;':••
: J<s carpenters.- build- barns, ; sheds,; etc., ' fare
$3 50. $3 50 day. " ; . \u25a0-'\u25a0\u25a0 ' •'\u25a0•- .-.-
4 carpenters, finish work. $4 day.
—Tachlnlst, lumber company. ?3 60 day. :
Band eawyer, fare- $l. $3 50 day.
V' : Screw turner, big carriage L. Co., $S0 found.
\u25a0Turner band sawj-er.i fare $L. , ' • , .
Tallyman, $40 to $45 found.' :;
;.. : ".-:-.-.••=- .look.- ---\u25a0 \u25a0 -i Hmm?s \u25a0-
Butter-maker, north, fare paid, $40 found.
\u25a0.-.-,.... -..-,..:.:\u25a0.-- LOOK. ; : : ; :-- : - -\u25a0;;
8 blacksmiths." lumber co. camps.. $3 day. '.--'\u25a0 '• v
h<J; y :,-;;;: \u25a0-:-;.-:•\u25a0-.. ...-'LOOK.'- .-.'.'\u25a0 \u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0-"^- -;-. \u25a0':;
Butcher, Northern 1 Callforrila, $60. ;,
Slaughter-house butcher. $2 50 day. _
Man make icecream, open eg-gs, ; $35 found.
':\u25a0;:,• v^v'.-. '.-.- \u25a0 v IX3OK.:i --;\u25a0;;:\u25a0\u25a0:-\u25a0,.. -..•\u25a0-'.\u25a0•..
20 laborerdo R.R.' track, work, fare $2," $05
\:and found. • .- -.:••• -';- :: - ;-\u25a0:- -_ - '_ ,\u25a0*-\u25a0. \u25a0--\u25a0•; - ; ; .
4 \u25a0woodchoppers; mm* company, $50 found. " ;v-
\u25a0\u25a0'.."",. — \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'..:. '"YOU CAN DO IT. ; - rrVj ..-•'. ./>;:,-:
'[", 25 laborers to pile lumber.'S. C. Co., $35 to
$40 and found. -W-.Kv i; :^-L;'^^"'-' : _"''-' : .-'- :
\u25a0'•\u25a0• Stableman,: springs hotel.' $oO found. .-.; :
.-: :yi\::>'. ; >-->: -0.- LOOK.W : -'-;:-'-:-"' :v . \u25a0;/\u25a0;/\u25a0 i
-Cook and wife; country hotel. $60. found.
';': Bellboy, special -city hotel, $20 and found.:
Butcher, small shop, fare 70c, $30 found.
:<-.,.. .\u25a0--.-:.,--..,:' i - : :^'
i 12 ' weavers; en 'blankets.:. ,' :.v--.;..:.;.: .v- -.;..:.;. v.-. ; - ,-- .\u25a0,\u25a0;-
: 3 nurees,: institution. $25 found, i , ;: ;
5 boys, learn trades, city. $4 50 week.
Cook, ?60; dlEhwasher. $no and found;; fare
':; soc.- ; \u25a0;-. : : ':^'^'<.:.-v>' ;,. .\u25a0\u25a0..-viz^i y. \u25a0 \u25a0;; ,-\u25a0; ;\u25a0:!
.: Cook,;slS a week./rity.
Bakery tvagon driver. $35 and found. - - -
Cook. 20 men. lumber, company, *to and fd. ;,.
'MURRAY & ; RKADY. -i <i 34-030 Pay : st. y,:
WANTEDr-A '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0} competent y clerk /for a :- liquor
- :- store ; < good .wages nnd \u25a0 prospects :\u25a0; for, : ; right
• pprf-jn; references: from former .'employes re-
.;; V quired.;^ Address : JA FFE WINE CO.. } Sacra-
. rnento/'Cal.-.'-: . : - : |.. : v-::,--\": : \u0084• :/;\u25a0-;.; " ;;'.;»: :\u25a0: c :,:\u25a0';
AN enjoyable, profitable outing; pick hops \ln
August; special- rate" tickets : . now." ready;
come early as -only a limited number can b«
;- fold: :K. CLEMENS HORST - CO.; ; 123 Bat-.
: tery st. -
LEARN telegraphy and R.R. accounting; ?S0
: to fICO per imonthealary paid our graduates;
: our sis schools Indorsed t>y all railroads; day;
;V- and evening ..ierslori:;; apply. :for ".catalogue.
;; Moree School of Teleffraphy. 26;. -.O' Farrell j st.
WANTED— Heii "arid • ; : women = to ;f prepare '\u25a0 for
: postofflce," i: internal " revenue,-? bookkeeper, Ade-
\u25a0 partihent cleik and other Government \u25a0 post-
i tions:; particulars ffr6e;^open;;day?andsev«.
1 Pacific Correspondence Institute,'; 1095 .Market.,;
WANTED— Ejcperli"nc€fl. ; i6pcrator_; r pneumatlo
rajldns lbols;inohe but first -clays need ; apply.
y- \\.v. W.?: • SIONTAGUE : '.Si\ CO,;:plpe v shop/
: Slsth nnd Townrond fts. - -^ ~
MEN to qualify as: ciiaufTcurs ; thorough train-
:,ln?"oa repairing and operating automobiloj;
\u25a0 : iwnl;ton ?30 weekly. ':'\u25a0'. <\u25a0 Auto .rporreFpondence
: School. 229 AY^Et Forty^gecond gt.,:New^York.
JIKN lolearn the barber i trade;; 8 -weekf .com-
jj'r.ies; po.«lUcns ; fruarariteed; '..wages;:;- earned
v lille learnlnp; call <ff : writei! v.-QHlman-s- Bar-
•'\u25a0\u25a0•iibisr t'oilerf. " C-7: Cla-y ; st.;v near-.' Montgomery.-
WANTED— •Laborers :: ! aij'd -mechanics -. to : , : , know
i^th-tEd Rolkini-Rpno ;.-Hou«b;; proprietor, bit
'v adSed ' JOO-new rooms : to -the' Denver iHouse; :
,;:.217:Thlrd;et.v: •250;rootns: 25c46 50c per night..
itENio learn harbor trade In 8 weeks; iltua-^
tlohs guaranteed: wagca while learning; Call
ifor artdvess Moler's Barb?r: College, 644 Clsy.
HOP pickers wanted; lists open July 24. Call
and nrranpe. for '• transportation, teiits'.- etc.
American Hop and Barloy Co.. 227 California.
WANTED— Men to fill SDO rooms at' 20c per
lile'it: clothes closets, hair mattresses, .elec-
tric light In everj' rocm. .- <ISI-Howard. nr.'Sd.
WANTED — Pupils to learn cutting and design-
ing of hien's garments. School of Practical
Cutting. QIC Market st.. room SO. . ' ....
MAN to cofldt orders for - printing. 519
Filbert «t. \ : ' v :': ' '
WANTED-- An experienced iron bedmakeK Ap-
pjy 718 Minslon st. "' ...
Pit— SS feeders wanted. WILCOX: 4: CO.,
Printers. 28 First «t
r-. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, JULY 31,- 1905.
! HELP WANTED — MALE— Continued.
AT C. R. HANSEN' & CO.'S.. r429r 429 Bush sU
Fry cook, resort, free fare both ways, $50-$6 O.
Third cook, country hotel, free fare.. s3s fd.
Short-order cooks -city .$ll-$l5 a week
First cook $bo. second cook $40, small coun-
try hotel. , .
'Walters, dishwashers, potwashers, buss-
boys, city and country, free fare 5........
...... $2O-$25-$3O and ' f d,
\u2666Ironers and laundrymen $40-$6O
Experienced . night ,. porter, and -watchmen,
country hotel, free fare. $35 and fd.
For a gold mine, Siskiyou Co.; party here.
Cook for 7 people, $35; 3 miners, $2 23 a
• day and board.
See party here, 12 o'clock a. m. Monday."
\u25a0 Free fare — Company work — Nevada.
"*5O track and concrete laborers
( $2 to $2 25 a day
Ship to-night— Frefl fare— Call early.
Teamsters and laborers for all parts of the
State $2-$2 25-$2 60 a day
New electric railroad work — Near the -city-
Fare 40c. •
10 scraper \u25a0 teamsters and scraper loaders..-
r $2 25 a day
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..420 Bush »t...
TRY our men's shoes, union made, $1 and $1 30
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam." bldg.; open till 9 pm.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, for. Sound, south
coast. New York.- Europe. Lane's. 604 Davis.
FIRST-CLASS merchant tailor's outter want-
ed. Apply box 8044, Call.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HACLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade free. :
Ean Francieco Barber College, 741 A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bums, r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet, G. A. R.
MEN to go on ships .to Australian and other
ports. At HERMAN'S, 27 Steuart _t.
MEN wanted at 105 3d St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed solea 10 mm., 75c.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
, Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d st.. r. 622.
GET your shoes half-soled while- waiting; 25c
to 60c 11 Third St.. Examiner building.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near.Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night: reading rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at' lOCS Market' St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. - •'
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call ranch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
SALESMEN WANTED.
WANTED— Salesmen to sell KINLOCH
i . HOUSE PAINT and F. T. A. ROOF _
IRON PAINT to stores; experience unneces-
sary; excellent side lines; no samples. Pa-
cific Dletributing Co., 816- Sacramento St.,
San Francisco Cal.
SOLICITORS.
SOLICITORS, ladles and gentlemen; big pay;
regular employment. 6 Eddy 6t.", .r00m luL
HORSES AND WAGONS.
NEW and' second-hand vehicles of all. descrip-
tions always on hand; also a large stock of
harness njbes and whiris. O'BRIEN &
SONS, 500 Golden Gate aye. . '
ROAN horse — 5^ years; can, harness, buggy
and wagon. 317 Hill Bt.. off . Church, be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second. .
FOR sale — Cushion-tired park buggy with
pole; nearly new; best make; a bargain at
$100.. Apply Club Stables. 409 Taylor st.
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies sur-
. reys and harness. LEI BOLD HARNESS CO..
211 Larkln st.. San Francisco. . . ..
A— FOR sale — One very fast pacer and 3 good
young horses; 1300 pounds. 411 Sixth st.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Blxth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon end
gocart for sale, cheap. 632 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & C 0. ,20 Montgomery.
FIVE cunny rooms and bath; all modern im-
provements; rent $20. 212& Fourteenth st.,
near Howard. \u2666 .
jlfl — 4 ROOM 6- basement, bath, gas, station-
ery tubs and garden.- 1431 Sanchez St., near
' Twenty-eighth. >
$18— REAR houee; 4 nicely furnished rooms.
\u25a0Inquire 1412 Polk St., near California, .
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 5- rooms; :$9; . Mission-st: cars to
Crescent. aye., ' eh to First et; to right, Ap-
ply 17. Roscoe _t.'; •'\u25a0\u25a0''•' •;\u25a0-..'.
; $18— 7-NEW-. modern 6-room : and Ibath cottage;
Ocean View cars;' v 106 Lakevlew- aye.'.. '.... •
COTTAGE of 8 " rooms and bath; ready Au- i
; : gust; 15;: $30. 217 Third aye.:-:-;;..;'.. fs.V '.,••.:>\u25a0 • j
INVESTMENTS.
/::' >. -.:\u25a0:\u25a0; v-',-.-J' ONLY: 25.000 SHARES \u25a0\u25a0'':?-\u25a0\u25a0 rA : ''^
OF THIS STOCK WILL BE OFFERED
\u25a0 '. '" ON THESE.i.;TERMS:;,;.f ; '.v:^v.-:,-;:4 s '
• ':\u25a0 .We ar© : making you a\Bpeclal r offer,P which
will;. be good for 30 days :frt>m:July 81; : 1605.-:
We ; cannot see . any , : reason : ;why • you . should '
not hold one* or tv/p ; thousand "shares of -Co-
lonial Gold Mining , Btock,; which :we will sell
on the installment plan.
- : For: \u25a0 Inistance, '-\u25a0 100 sharesh, ; : $6 cash/ ?5
In SO days and ?5 In 60 days, » Five hundred
sharea. 525 cash, ?15 In . 30= days, $15 in. 60
days,-: f 15 In ; 00 dayn,.: and :\u25a0 $10 ln'l2o - days.
' Call -or : , write; for .-;i_aps;*:j circulars, .. etc. .">.
'; Do \u25a0 this . to-day— not- to-morrow; to-morrow
may never . come. :i '• '-. :. : : : : --.:--':^v}^v:;y:i :
>±:^~3.'Ws ] JAQUITH & CO.,
Suite : 874-876-878 James ; Flood % Building,
.'•;\u25a0•\u25a0'»<\u25a0»••;•\u25a0.:?-.-• San Francisco, Cal.- /'"ii-'^ir-^T
A— 4% TO 6% ON DEPOSIT CERTIFICATES
\u25a0\u25a0 ; rv - : Withdrawal i at v^Pleaeure. r> v :- -.,-;
•\u25a0•;\u25a0'":• SAN FRANCISCO? AND; SUBURBAN
•;--'-'.-y HOME JBUILDING : SOCIETY,
i: :sth; Floor, 70S Market stT, S. F., CaL
: V Guarantee ; Capital i. s6oo,ooo.' >->H eubscrlbed.
OFFICERS "AND; DIRECTORS.
; Hon. Jas.: G. Ma gulre ; . Ek-U. S. Congressman \u25a0
:•;: •;- Hon. \u25a0E. K; . Taylor. V . •;• : v;".;; Ex-State - Senator
. Chas. A. Murdock. Prf s.-; C.- A> ? Murdock & Co^
f.'S J. M.'-.- Duke. VWAssoci Cha s.fiWebb^ Howard : -
/Allen M. ! ; Clay.v . . . .Secy.- Bank ' of California
2; Joseph V A.. : Leonard;'. ,;v .;.^General TManager.
T6-DAY ' ~" "
\u25a0 Why not • invest \u25a0 sonis \u25a0 money':- In ;• Tonop'ah-"^
; . Borkeley Mining, i Stock, Lwhlle z the '£ nrlce > ls !
'-:\u25a0'\u25a0 low ?£ The lvalue;: of the •• ore ! comlnif from :
\u25a0-.. :: this mine : Is -\u25a0 astonishing. i ; Call \ and : see ; gam- ;
: •: . pies of ore,.; or: write for circulars, maps;-- etc.';
v J.-W. JAQUITH &; CO..
Suite 574-576-S7B James Flood Building. -
\u25a0 - - San t Francisco.
. Tel. John 2421.
WHAT IS THE MATTER ; WITH : THE. TONO-
PAH BKJRIZELEY STOCK?
'\u25a0 ; - V: ''.' : . \u25a0•-:. \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0" ; \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 •-\u25a0\u25a0 .-\u25a0. -•; ' \u25a0\u25a0-..\u25a0>.- ,-.\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0-.-. : . .;\u25a0;;
It Is all right. See
J. W. JAQUITH & CO.,
\u25a0i : -'j: Suite \u25a0 874-576-S7B .James -Flood: Building. ' \u25a0
isyAJADi cir jurj;
SOLD,:. : rented;* 'exchanged ; \u25a0 manufacturer of the
.. ; Eames • > tricyclev.cha»r;.-30l8,M;kt; ; tel. Park 775.
LOST::iAJVD3 FOUSTTJi
$50 REW ARD \u25a0 for one . white and * black ; apbt-
;y; tedihound; <\u25a0- lost-. June- 6,r- batn een ;: Cloverdale
-. \u25a0 : and : BoonviUe.' : : VO; ; W. \u25a0- Mi", tattooed fin one
;f:ear.'r;: Address?; SID ..GpSHONO/evCtoverdale; 1
:-;; Cal. v
LOST— -An ? opeh-f a_«V lady 1 s i watch; \u25a0\u25a0; in ; a- plush
>;:case; -a .-- reward^wlll i: ba -. raid. W Addresa \u25a0 box
:. -SOl7, Call office.
I/DST^White:ibull terrier'; bitch; bare: '-spot v_n
w~- back; ;\u25a0 return^ 71S V 0! Farrell \sUj "\u25a0 reward^ %\ \u25a0
LOST-^A parrot i on :Unioh-sq«ar« J avei \u25a0:.• Please'
i,- return ;jO;Mp.nlljEellO:, Club : and receive "reward.
CHAIN; bracelet; . lnitial ? on h clasp. -Return to
.Vvß^;^r^:LYCETTrv 575^Market yst.»- reward.-f • •
LOST^-Ivpry-hea<3ed:.caneV ball", grounds; Friday
.•;'.p.,-.m/;'?s rewarcl.S/.ROSS, St. Francis ;Hotei..
liAUNCIIES ; \ FORT; HIRE.
C..-A;' : :McNEILL -LAUNCH CO..'. foot of Clay
..-.st.,'- for: pleasure .and .business;; tel; ..Bush. 534.
MEDICAL.
DR." G.W. O'DONNELL— Ladles, all who are
sick or In trouble, consult - this * specialist on
female complaints; : positively corrected;\ the
\u25a0 unfortunate helped;- the' most difficult cases
treated ; , every - case taken ; Immediate relief ;
no' poisoning drugs; low fees :,: my methods
Will cure all cases of- Irregularity; consult
. roe: tave time. and money; advice 'free. Office
.; '.". 1018 Market ; st. ;'," hours 9 ' a."?, m.'i till. 9 ' p.' m;
MRS. . DR. WYETH. , specialist -, for ; all i female
complaints and ' Irregularities: : Instant relief
guaranteed : 80 years', experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. '\u25a0• Office hours. o : to B. "\u25a0'Sunday
10 to 2." ' 1008% "• Market \u25a0st.';^ opposite, Fifth.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Of flee and j residence
: 1021W Market t-X.,' bet. Oth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid' to diseases of women.
3IEDICAI.—— Continued.
WOMEN'S diseases and Irregularities cured In
24 hours: 19 years' experience without a fall-
• ure; no trifling; strictly privpte; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's otflce, 1200 Market.'
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment: -reliable,
safe, prompt, for female Irregularities; relief
or no fee; $10; hrs. 9-8. 850 Mkt. St., suite 37
A— MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth St..
bet, Geary -and O'FarTell. Phone East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hindo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St.. corner
Twenty-sixth: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR \u25a0 SALE.
SECOND-HAND water pipes that will stand
pressure in lengths of trom 12 to IK> feet,
with all couplings (new) and recut threads,
covered with paraffine paint, ready to use.
1 in.. 3V.0 ft.; li in., Cc ft.; 2 in., Sc ft.
,2i_ in., l'Oc ft.; 8 in.. 12& C ft.; 3% in.. 150 ft.
4 in.; 18c per ft. ; 6 in.. 24c ft. ; t> in. v , 30c f t.
To avoid, unnecessary correspondence we
will ray that this is all right and guaran-
teed; send money by Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
• Express or mail order.
H. S WHITE MACHINERY COMPANY.
Office, 130 Beale St., S. F.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged;' s?e Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; ,we rent tables
with privilege of buying modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 625 Mission St., S. F.
LARGEST stock In city; second-hand belting,
also planing mill machinery, engines, boilers
and electrical machinery. JOHNSON &
HORAN. 602 Third st. •
ALL kinds of second-hand machinery, boilers,
engines, shafting and pulleys .bought and
sold. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 005 Market et. ;
phone South, B7.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges.- 11 8d 6-, Exam, bid.; catalog fre«.
A— BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water plp«, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 330 Main Bt.
SMALL winemaking outfit, cheap; tank, press,
pump and steam crusher, tubs. etc. Call
at 2751 Harrison st. ,"- - -\u25a0
FOR sale cheap — Double cylinder gas or oil
engine; 20-horsepower. Apply corner Army
and Condon sts. -\u25a0\u25a0 .
A— GENT'S full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER, 21 Stockton st.,' second floor.
PAWN ticket for $COO eolltalre diamond;' In
for $100, sell for $50. Box 8003, Call office.
[ 60 WHITE Leghorns, 100 Homer pigeons; cheap
before Tuesday. 879 46th aye., near Fulton.
60 WHITE Leghorns. 100 Homer pigeons, cheap
before Tuesday. 879 46th aye.. nr. Fulton st.
MILES of pipe and fittings, all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY <fc SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
A VERY fine 25-stone' lady's diamond studded
locket at a bargain. 10 Sixth st.
ALL kinds camp furniture rented. ROSS-
McMAHON CO.. 35 Market St.
ARMY shoos, $155; U. S. N. flannel shirts,
$1 20; open e\-e. Mechanics' Store, 674 4th.
TWO menV-go-rounds; one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI, 805 Kearny et.
HIGH grade 2d-hand office . safe i and wagon
scale. PA RCELLS SAFE CO., 216 California.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.; 417-27 Sacramento st.
2D-HAND bldg.- material ; lumber, door, «ash,
plumb, material. The Dclan C 0.,-1607. ,-1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;-
.bargains. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in ,tho
1 United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCEL._A>EOUS -WAXTS.
AAAAA — Higkest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
WILL pay highest prices for all kinds j good
castoff clothing. 922 FoUom; tel. Jessie 446.
DIAMONDS, etc., bought for cash. . Karl Eber
& Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 2CU Kearny st.
BUILDINGS and building material bought. The
Dolan Co., 1607 Market et. ; phone Jessie 2921.
MO3TEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
..ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN..
\u25a0.»- .INTEREST SV4'AND 6PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
.... PROPERTY
Eeccnd mortgages,: life; Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, • undivided -interests in prop-
erty, probate 'realty leans- stocks and bends.
legacies, and undivided interests In. property
purchased. .:\u25a0-.\u25a0-\u25a0 ..''\u25a0'• \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0-V• \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0.. - ; ': .:'":\u25a0'.:.:
. .. ..MANHATTAN LOAN : COMPANY.. .. .
Suite :. 107-108: Crocker, btdg.;; phone Main 5931.
R, McCOLGAN.
\u25a0\u25a0-.-• : '•'•\u25a0 Rooms \u25a0 301 :" and \u25a0 ••; 302 H«arst '\u25a0' building,
.'.•\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0:'.'V&-?:- Third" -floorvfi Examiner
fv: Deal directly .-.with- lender ;-; and : save \u25a0;e_pehse.'\
;';. Loans any "amount- at 514 and; 6 per cent -A-^
C--'- On .; first, :: second -and - third mortgages, - .
JV RE A_> ESTATE INSPROB ATE. /
!;':: Undivided \u25a0\u25a0..ihterests 7 In ;; estate - and /[property.
: S Money \u25a0 advanced? to foreclosure. :. v- 1 V-
- NCT DELAY.
\u25a0i-rhone.Maln 5318;
AA— " MONEY TO LOAN
f. On,-'; furniture,'; plano3, ; warehouse i receipts : ; or
i?f security j of i any s kind,' . . without-- removal ; iwe'
--:\u25a0\u25a0-. make loans on < the. EASIEST? PLAN in tho
;i I: WORLD ;h- paymen la %to SUITi YOUR 515 1 CON- .
-•': '\u25a0\u25a0?-. VENIENCBrIn case of SICKNESSior loss of
\u25a0\u25a0 EMPLOYMENT 5 weJEXTEND THE LOANS;
\u25a0A ' you . take no cha rice of \u25a0\u25a0; LOSING : ; your. GOODS;..
f. This Is a TRUST COMPANY ; our rates are
:S. RIGHT and" no DESERVING ; PERSON is re-
i> fused ; CASH ADVANCES h oiade ito \u25a0 salaried
; ; . people.- LINCOLN -FINANCE '. CO.; ; rooms ; 15-
;;i-J16,;750 Market ;st.,-opp. Phelan ibulldlng.
AAA— HERMAN* MURPHY, ~"~
- COl-802-603: Examiner ibulldlne.:
\u25a0 \u25a0Quick Ecttloments; no disappointments.
Save expenses by: dealing directly. : a J v
'\u25a0\u25a0:.;\u25a0'. Estates;- secorrl^ mortgagea,:;; undivided \ inter- \
S ests," assignments Of rents, propertyjn trust,-
:,-:/i: ,-:/i etc. ; is legacies^ life estates ? and \u25a0 undivided ; in-
S terests In property : purchased.
:;\u25a0-'\u25a0 Courteous treatment. 1 Strictly:: confidential.
When You Need Money.
r ;; Se* .; HERMAN : MURPHY.
WILL LOAN.
:; :V ; ; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-: :;: :; :A; ,' a : reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or Sd
Mortgages on real estate.
Jn city, v town or country.
LOW r.ite of interest.
Give full particulars
..-\u25a0 of property.
T^ocftticn, etc.
Eox C-S.-Cnll of»ce.
'\u25a0 HIGHLY • rospectable prlvntes place Ito i obtain:
Mlberaladvancesvon diamonds; ijßWelry^; at i 1
Qi per.r::cent:;-; Interest. > Jewliy/i Stored
"078 Market : ?t., tel.; Main \u25a0 1644. ;; Braneh."llo2
y;:£Markct st; and ZX Third at.
: --Money loaned* salaried people without secMrity"
: \u25a0;\u25a0 or '\u25a0\u25a0: mdorßemoh t^ knowledge : of \u25a0 employer or :
;? « any one; confidential and lepurtepus treatment;
$$ call . aro? geUterma.j... Drake.' ji»3.Parrott. bldg.
A— ON furniture or- pianos' at; lowest. rat^s; '.l no.
>:f removal ; no . publicity ; also . on : real v estate ;
:.;ist or 2nd mortgages or on any security; any
I-;- amount. 1 Oi ;W. BECKER. SG Geary,: room Jig. ;
MONEYlbahed :to 'isaiarted people, retail hier- ;
irehants. 'teamsters,- bdardlns^houses.- without;
-:• security: Veagy : paymentsr large business 1n.40
• :' principal ' cities.- • : TOLM^N. ; Gu3 Parrott , bids.
A N Y \u25a0' : amount •\u25a0 quickly on " furniture ! or piano
;.;• -wtuibufc removal or : other \ security; lowest
"i rates; no : commisslpn; •• conndentta 1 . . Bofr>7
?\u25a0 .Donohue .W.&g., -8; : Taylor sti.-- corner Market.
ORIGIN AU Uncle Bin--If;yo»/ look for lowest
- $ rate' of; Inttsrest and . square jdeal^r Old
; . bid. .' • 800 Mai-ketj;. cor. 4th, siilte 1; "eat., 1863.
A—VA CO ' (Tlie) 'lp-'ni : money to salaried people
;\u25a0 wlthbut security; ; good; :term_randveasy: pay-
- .merits: alsftPn other security. 807 Klood.bldg.
MONEY to loan '.af- a- low! rate of interestjgoJd.
••\u25a0 silver.' diamonds '•' pearls \u25a0 and ? precious \u25a0 stones
bought at ;W.' J.'HESTHAL'S. 10; 81ith • gt.^
LOANS on '•' diamonds,' i Watches ' and jewelry;
private . offices. 400-401 Adams building, .206
Kearny st. - Globe Mercantile and Loan Co.
SALARIED people without security: also ; on
' f urn " estates In probate, life Ins. policies,- etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. , Co.. 612 Parrott bldg
WE loan on property 65 to 80 per cent on valu-
ation. If : you ' need money ' see .us. '
'\u25a0\u25a0: McGARVIB & C0.,':720 . Market -"st.'--'-
A— ONE '-", per ; cent 3 per * month 3on > valuables.
PORTLAND JEWELRY, C0., '25 Stockton st.
ANT" amount X real '\u25a0'\u25a0 estate J or * other i security :
: ,$lOO up.*: W.* J. WHITE, ?26 Montgomery, r. 8.
LOANS-^-Salaried' people; 2 per
« cent ; -. chattels." etc. *\u25a0 450 Montgomery. ; r.' 518.
DON'T : bbrrow money on': salary until * you I set
• -.'.us.'; Hutton; Credit; Co..-, ol2; Mutual Bank bid.
TO salaried people without security.; The Whits
j Co.'.'; 420 : California st.."; rooms ; 14 and \u25a0 15. r =
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
no." S.v F." Collateral _oan Bank, B3S Kearny.
MOXEY TO T.r» « f — frtwtlrmed.
MONEY. Money \u25a0 Money. - "'.\u25a0..--* ;.''\u25a0'
Any proposition, 49 2d st.; Wells-Fargo Ex-
* press bldg. Wage Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
CASH loaned salaried -people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. CO9 Examiner bldg.
MONEY WANTED;
$500 TO $15,000 for entirely ' good mortgage
loans at 9 and 10 per cent. DURAY SMITH.
426 10th St.. Oakland. - ' :- ' \u25a0 :.y
: • MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. '
BEST renting stock In the city: good uprights
at $2 per mo.; some at. s2 oO; our own make,
$3: cne year's rental allowed oft purchase
. price. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes st. .
A LARGE *">ck of standard pianos; all more'
or less u.-.e-l; prices $65 up. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st. ; Chlcker-
lng agency. >
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pl-
anes, turn. Whltehead's storage. 163tt Mkt.
MUST sell to-day: elegant • Fischer upright.
EB4- Valencia 'at. . -- - '-\u25a0 \' \u25a0
SOIIMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
NEW. upright pianos sold on $15 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickering baby grand.
Shoninger little used. Keeffe's. 255 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST end best in America — The Weekly
\u25a0 Call, 16 pages, sent to. any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MUSEUMS.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market st, near Sixth.
OFFICES AND STORES WANTED.
BAKERY' to rent; an old-establishment; good
opportunity for correct party; rent cheap.
. 2759 Twenty-fourth st. . .
SEVENTH, 4G, opp. new Postofflce — Store and
4 rooms; .ideal place for grill and candy;
rent reasonable.
PERSONALS.
• • . "T-E-N YEARS IN CAL." • • •
"REXRADIO" has successfully treated alleged
"Incurable" diseases In Cal. for "10 years."
"REXRADIO'S" first treatment made me
RUN und LEAP (had disabling PARA-
LYSIS) : also TOTALLY DEAF, instantly
heard WHISPER; it is like a "f airy . Ule,"
but strictly TRUE; A. R. . ; land . agent.
Adams bid.. 206 Kearny. suite 608.
"REXRADIO" gave over 3000 "successful"
treatments the "past-year" for DEAFNESS
and TOTAL DEAFNESS; the very WORST
___________________________________________
"REXRADIO" quickly cured my. PNEU-
MONIA and large CANCER. Mining engl-
neer. 211 Fell st. •
"REXRADIO'S" (one) treatment cured my
RHEUMATISM. Prof. Mason. 7SO Market.
"REXRADIO" Just to CONVINCE you gives
"first" treatment for "nominal" fee.
"REXRADIO" perfectly. INSTANTLY, cured
my severe NEURALGIA. Belfrage, IWIS
Market. SEE ME. /
"REXRADIO'S" record LAST YEAR— over
.'11.000" successful treatments of numerous
diseases. \u25a0
"REXRADIO ' speedily cured my PARALYSIS
' and TOTAL DEAFNESS. Mine owner. 632
Market st. * .
"REXRADIO'S" (one) treatment removed my
crippling RHEUMATISM. P.. 429 Ellis. \u25a0
"REXRADIO" has successfuly treated 03 of
each 100 (alleged) INCURABLE diseases. .
"REXRADI6" made my DEAF ear hear
WHISPER at 100 feet. B. D.. 117 Sixth st.
"REXRADIO'.' instantly made DEAF-MUTE
hear and SPEAK in my presence. \u25a0 Broker,
206 Kearny st.. office 609.
"REXRADIO" gives ADDRESSES of cured
patients; a proof of GENUINENESS.
"REXRADIO" cured my DEAFNESS; heard
WHISPER at 115 feet. C. (broker). 137
Montgomery st.
'•REXRADIO'S" REFERENCE^ (cured pa-
tients) Include .many FOREMOST citizens.
"REXRADIO" THE O-N-L-Y "H'D RADI-
UM" HEALER ON EARTH; BENEFITS
QUICK. OFTEN "INSTANT"; CURES ARE
THOROUGH. PERMANENT, ASTONISH-
ING; "BEDRIDDEN PATIENTS" VISIT-
EDr NONE NEED "DESPAIR." Consulta-
tion FREE: TERMS for. treatment strictly
MODERATE: hours; 2 to 6. 600 Keamyst.
A SPECIAL discount of 50 per cent off. " .
. My usual reasonable prices for balance of.
'this month In order to reach the tourists: I
positively \u25a0 guarantee to restore the beautiful-
contour of the- fact; remove \u25a0 flabby and un-
sightly double chins by. my own original, scl-
' ontlflc method: imiestlgate Immediately; con-.l
' sultatlon and beaufty booklet free/. \u25a0•.: \u25a0 ..
/ ' • ' • .' : :M. 'ELLA .-HARRIS.:- ..';• • -. :' '
'\u25a0"• •: :;-. "•;••\u25a0• .':".''':.\u25a0::, •:-; i: : -128. Geary st. '
'. I ' Remember. 50. per ; cent off this month only.
STOUT LADIES, (attention— Two compatent la-
• \u25a0 dlei";-; pupils of - Delsar te ' and ..-/ Mada m' Priest,
; ''; will --take "a -limited-number, of -ladles, wlsh-
•\u25a0 ing to reduce their superfluous ; flesh; full in-
" 'formation. Call 1225 Geary stJ. first: floor, or
}v phone: Eaat'44Cl.--- > '-5'.-.f X ?.. V .\u25a0•.:\u25a0-• \u25a0.;?-.-J : .^-: ; r-'
AT' less -than, cost;, uncalled-for suits,- over-
,-t coats ' and -trousers 5: at "CHARLES : LYONS'
5-j London Tallor.'T-l'. Market: et^f- s"? '-.v : .-N '.' V - :
STAR hair remedy, ; tpnlo, ; restores ; color, : cures
stops. •' falling; ? ; druggists, :halrdressr
x; era. v~ Star : Remedy Co.; 821 Polk : st.
NOTHING? down,; $1 -a: week to I\keep :; wsll
li '} 6 resscd; ¥ Peerless Tailoring -231 Post; st;
8 : BRAND i newitallor-made; men's suits;; cost
" $25. for $0 75. 440 Bush, nr.i California HotaL
50 /ASSORTED souvenir" postal £ cards I prepaid
; : rsoc. v. BACIGALUPI. 7SO Mission st.
$1-A;: ; WEEK: suits to: order $15 up. I/_itO3i
\u25a0\u25a0it 1127; Mj> rket : - st.; i between : Seventh ; & f Eighth.
MASQUERADE - : i costumes, - : play ; -books.: Vwlsrs,"
s% country orders;; GOLDSTEIN^ & C0.;,733 Mkt.
A*BRANCH rpfflce ; of ..ThevCall for. the <\u25a0\u25a0 :rrcep-
\u25a0<i tlon : ; of advertisements ana subscriptions \u25a0 has
- '-.vbeen r : opened Sat ' 1008 / Market :. St., ? opposite
Zx Flf th;y; Open, ;.\u25a0 11 p. .- m. ; k ' \u25a0"•-\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 -;;.:; ;• .:;-;-:k
TILES CURED.
! PILES. ; FISTULA; ': etc.--Cured i to stay i cured: ';
i.Wvnly-humanecure; no knife, danger or hind-:
vs ranee \u25a0 to : .bUßlness;.;:7OoOcured::.twhy not you?;
?jsf no *alve>. proposition: 3 investigate. ;: THOMAS i
J. KISNER; AM.iD.i- Columbian \u25a0VUgi, i S.--lPitM
PHYSICIANS AND STJIIGEOIVS.
.WONd : WOO.TiOie famous • herb abctbr-rAUvdis- "
eases cured bY Chinese herb?.;74G-S .Cla^ «_\-
INVENTIONS "patented: :U.oS;:- and? foreign:
';Kpatcnt;iaw.::jF^.P^ I MEpiNA;^gsg;Market at,'
troposals.
- PROPOSALS ? for iidddra and i sash--Of flceV •' Isth-
mian Canal Commission^ Washington, D. C,
6 ; ; July S, 1003. * Sealed proposals,-, in triplicate,
iW will li-bo.-i received^ at ¥ the .;.- of fica .of Uho > Gen-
: € eral Purchasing Of fieer,' Isthmian Canal Com- \
i: ; mission; i-Wa>hlngton;-.D. vC..-;until. 10:30..a. .
ffim., August 7^ 15)C3." at which time they: -will
Kibe opened : 'in I .' public," "for j furnishing iibove.
'\u25a0 f>. inantionedeartlclea. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0".: —lankasand v fuli: , infor?
•vernation' may .be? obtained /from this of flee: or
j--?.-the offices \u25a0\u25a0of. -tho;- : Assistant.'' Purchasing
: .*A_ents; 24 : State Strset, New York CltyrCus-?
' '\u25a0\u25a0 tom-house^'- Now. Orleans^' -La. ; 3S New." Mont- .-'
• -gomery street,' San- Franelsco,:'Cal.,' andiTa-
.icoma, Wash.;: also- from Chief Quartermaster.
• \u25a0 Department of tho.Lakes, -Chlcaso; and'tho
'\u25a0/\u25a0 Commercial Cltib;. Mobile,: Ala, ,:d.'W; ROSS,
:'•;;; General. Purchayrtag-OfncervVvvl^y^:'. -.\ :;/ \u25a0;;\u25a0:•;\u25a0- '
PBOPOSA_S • for^publlc. -buildingsri-Offlce,- of
."•the Chief; Quartermaster;. San Francisco, Cal.; :
'%July-'-S,:-1005.—Scaled.proposals;-'.ln% July -'-S,:- 1005.— Scaled . proposals;-' .In tripll-
'-! cate. •',' subject to ; the. Usual conditions; \u25a0 will bo
-.? received i at -this dfflce:untll -11 o'clpck:a. :'jni,'
V Pacific : ' tlmp* '; AiJgust > 13, • -1.903;' ." j£nd < then
• •. opened in. th<» "presence Cof for -tha
/cohstj-uctlon of a"-frame ..laboratory .bulWing
.the U.S. .Hospital; . Presidio "of -San -Fran-
•'\u25a0•' Cisco; 'California;'.- Information, furhishedfbn'
..;applic>tlph ; :tothUofflce.'.<The.;Uhlted States;
•'.' reserves :the ; right to. acceptor ;reject .any-- or
'\u25a0 all: blfla received or any. part ; thereoj.:- En- '
• ;velopes -."coiTtalriing " proposals .vshpald ,Obe'. mi!'
\u25a0 dorsed "Proposals ;'for-.LaboratoryVV Presidio
"J-bf San- Francisco,' Cal./' 'and: addressed -..t0
'Colonel WILLIAM S. PATTEN, Asst. Quar-
termaster' General,". U. .': S. •A. Z ;;.-.• j'-'. ;.;ii-.-* '\u25a0,-\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0'.
UNITED STATES Postofflce and Courthouse,
' San Francisco, CaK— Sealed. proposals will be
\u25a0\u25a0.' received • at \ this ~ building until: 2 'o'clock- p.
"' m. -August 10, 1905,- for furnishing: fuel,
lights," water. Ice, -.._ miscellaneous -.supplies.
washing \u25a0 towels, hauling = ashes • and '- sprink-
ling streets for thisbuildlng during the fiscal
year ending. June 30."; 1000, ; or. such portion of
tha year as may be deemed advisable. : The
' right to reject* any and all bids la reserved
by the Treasury Department. . .
- -< : ,-..-;-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 ARTHUR : Q. FISK. Custodian. .
. \u25a0;.-\u25a0;.;:\u25a0'\u25a0.;; I.EGALT NOTICES. ; ' "~; '.-
MY wife. Mary,; E. I Savage/ having left my bed
= • and board, I.will net hereafter be responsible
'. for any debts "contracted 'by 'her. -: ; : ;
;, J -'::.,:-., \u25a0\u25a0; '.' :-:. : "' ; w. p. savage.
MY " wife ' Freda ' Knubbe. : having ' left my' beS
. and board.- 1 will not hereafter be responsible
'•• for any debts contracted v by ' her. •' ..
; \u25a0•"'-.; LOUIS KNUBBE.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
VOR SALE BY GEORGE K. FRINK,
Rooms 705-6. Union Trust bldg.. U Montgom'y.
\u25a0 NE. cor. Perry and 3d sts.; 45x155, and im-
provements: $GO.OOO.
SW. cor. Devisadero and Jackson sta.: 67: Cx
137:6, and improvcmenU; $50.1X0.
Lot on north side of North Point St.. «>ox
137:6. nr. Jones; $4500. _. .„»
Lot Fulton st.. 100 east of Polk; 120x120. to
Austin aye.: $45,000. ... T
SE. cor. Perry and 3d sts.; 25x02, with L;
improvements: $33,000. . . r, ".
NE, cor. 15th and Shotwell sts.; 35x110,
with L; half improvements: $12,500.
INSTALLMENTS.
Two lots. 11 and 13, -on Waltham st.. Bernal
Heights, 5«30 each. - - . .^
Lot Wisconsin st.. nr. 2vth. Potrero: 23x100;
$300.
. SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO PROPERTY.
Lot on 11th aye.. nr. F st. : 75x100; $300,
Lot on north side of 13th ave., -nr. L St..
150x100: $18C0; will subdivide.
\ 15th aye.. nr. S «.; 25x100; O*N. _ H.
Tract: $350.
Bayview Park lot. 50x150. Ssth aye.: $350.
Lot 60x100. SW. cor. 20th aye and I St.: $SOO.
Lot 75x100. N. side of 22d. aye.. nr. X St.:
$1000; will subdivide.
INVESTMENT— NEW— GOOD.
Cor. Arlington and Miguel; 100x60; S flats, o
and 6 rooms and bath; pay S* per cent,- will pay
10 Der. cent. * i--;. . . . -
GRAND MARINE VIEW LOTS. ~~~
FACING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
Fronting en Fulton. McAllister and Parkside
aye.; street bltumlnlzed and side sewers laid;
cheapest lots in the city; no property so pr«t-
tlly situated and can boast of the double ad-
vantage of Park frontage and marine views;
price exceedingly low— from $1300 to $2500:
\u25a0 see them to-day; bound to Increase in value:
McAllister-st. cars pass the property. .
. LYON, & HOAG. lie Montgomery st.
CHARMINO UP-TO-DATE HOMES.
$3750. $7250 AND $5500.-
Terms. $1000 cash, balance In monthly in-
stallments; brick and frame construction; art-
istic design; contain 6 to 10 rooms; marble
steps; hardwood floors; big living rooms; hard-
wood finish: in short, they are ideal homes In a
select neighborhood; right above pretty Duboce
Park; grand views; take Halght-st. cars to
Devlsadero St.. walk 2 blocks south.
LYON & HOAG, llfl Montgomery st,
BUY ONE BEFORE ~'
THEY ADVANCE IN PRICE.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$223 for choice lots. " Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table: on grade:
close to school and Mlsslon-st. electrlo cars;
bound to double In value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month:
no taxes; fine lots; near Ocean boulevard: best
; residence location south of Golden Gat© Park:
these are the cheapest lots In this district;
advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
26 Montgomery. St.. r. 8. Phone Main 57tH.
LOTS IN THE SUNSET DISTRICT.
A few blocks from the park, magnificent
view; overlooking ocean. park and bay; price
low and on little payments: lots graded ready
to- build uron; - streets macadamized and
curbed: on taxes, guaranteed title free. Call or
write
WEST SHORE REALTY COMPANT.
Union Trust Building.
Corner Market and Montgomery st.
$5500^ — 3 ALMOST new, modern flats;- sun in
every room; buy direct from owner; will take
lot part payment. Call at 1027 Vermont St.,
near Twenty-second. ,-.:*':: :: '\u25a0' V
$2800— CORNER lot. 84 feet frontage; street
bltuminlzed; swell location: bargain. 1410
Halght st. .
$2000— ELEGANT home of 4 rooms and bath:
modern and up to date; $400 cash. bal. $20
per mo.; a bargain. Apply 3310 Mission st.
$1050 — COTTAGE. 8 rooms: lot 31x100; $150
cash balance $15 per month. 7 per cent In-
terest. Mission Realty Co., 3237 Mission st.
DON'T build before investigating Marshall &
Steams' patent fixtures for apartments and
•cottages. Aronson bldg., 84 Third st.
;2SOO — $200 DOWN. $25 month: new. modern
cottage: warm belt. 8616 22d. nr. Church.
FKEE — Our booklet on plumbing:- write AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 536 Howard at.
KEAL ESTATE — COU.VTRV — For Sate.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
. Successors to
WHITE _ BAYLEY.
|X6O0 — 25 acres, S miles ; 2 towns, ' Sonoma
County: 15 acres, almost level; 10 on hillside:
fine oak trees; 2 wells; creek: fine soil; 2 acres
orchard: modern 5- room cottage, larga barn;
6 poultry houses and yards; brooder-house;
fenced 4. fields; cow, farming tools; all build-
ings and utensils new; all cash.
$1750 — 10 acres near Sebastopol In berries
and fruit: house, barn, outbuildings; close
to electrlo cars; only $750 down, i
$200 down— l6o acres 2 miles Anderson;
mam road:' fine soil, rolling; some oaks; fruit
trees: old/improvements; $BCO. '.. '\u25a0\u25a0 v
' $3000 — 5 acres,, 20 minutes' walk of depot.
Redwood' City: -good 6-roont house. . brooder-
house,' -..capacity" ICCO; incubator houses; good
well; 3 acrea'orehard.;. easy vterms. • . \u25a0 \u25a0
• $3500 — Fine 'corner , at- Callstoga:- level black
loam. 4. acres; modern 6-room and bath resi-
dence, stable, corrals, poultry houses \u25a0 and
yards; Bank of Callstoga offers to lend $2500.
53500—80 • acres, 60 miles city; 16 acres 'full
bearing vineyard; 3 acres choice fruit; OS acres
heavy crop grain ;4-room. cottage, large barn,
full of hay; \u25a0 poultry and . houses;
wagon, buggy, harness, span good horses,
tools; all level; crop goes If taken quick.-?;
$-1500 — 114 acres near San Jose, foothill land;
fine soil, large family orchard; all in fine crop
of grain; house, barn and necessary outbuild-
ings; water piped to buildings; only $.500 down;
you pay. for making out tha papers. •-... .-
j 100 C —173 acres, tt miles of .Haywards; roll-
ing -and' balf. under cultivation: .neat. 6-room
house; large - barn; . well fenced : and \u25a0 crsss-
feneed; water piped to bull Jlags; near school ;
part- ca*h».- '.-\u25a0-' -'\u25a0;\u25a0* .-t' • \u25a0"• '"\u25a0":"..••' •."\u25a0:.\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•••^\u25a0y.' •.;:"\u25a0 -.J:
: CCO — Best equipped In Oregon: 1000
acres fine i soil; ICO acres bottom In alfalfa:
every foPt: grain land; 4 acres orchard; S hard
finished dwellings; : large stable for.: horses;
barn and : sheds for cattle; several "hundred
tons hay; 113 fine milch cows. 33 heifers; etc.;
U rhorse3 and ; harness, farm . wa_ons,\' xniDe
wagons, -tools; \u25a0 Income ; sl4,ooo a year; i $10,000
down; 2 : milea 'of town.
: Send stamp for large' Printed List.- ;
20 Mont. ornery «_, room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty. :-\u25a0\u25a0?-. • -
FOR hotel; v sanitarium : or beautiful j home.' .Sty
homo reserve and.Chittehden Sulphur Spring*
S;; at ; Chlttenden. > Santa v Croz .-; Co., ; Cat*: Only
:V£ greats group - of :-, medicinal •\u25a0>' aulphur:?} springs
v easily acMssiWo.rom.S.- F.- Tr_ln«vato_> at
;s Chlttenden station within SCO feet of springs.
~ Fine i climate.' beautiful scenery; best : part o£
M State. SSOCO worth of • Improver-eats, «v navr.;
|| Great water -right, -fine water system, bsau-
p tifully landßcaped It grounds. ?: every '\u25a0 convenl-
' : " ence; '-"30 \u25a0' acres 'i' soil; grand, place
S : and i a ; great \u25a0 opppttunltyv ; to : make ft aoney.;
?i Pries - $IC.COO,H very ? easy i terms. X Owner, vT.
i| CHirrENDEN. Chlttenden, -Cal/ -v \u25a0;\u25a0 :••:\u25a0;: v.. ; .: V : : >
Siso TO *16C0— Beautiful >.-51dtaff sites; T cot-
;- tages, :?Htw v iand :TO;:acreasr«« • » csTjecialty;
v'?siew j 8-roo__ : -:flat; g new : cottaJf e» '- and \u25a0 other
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-. * property to .rent. ?\u25a0 J.v: E. \u25a0; _OBWIS/ : Kentfleld,
\u25a0^;Marin'.-County.-Kv^Xf^-vy:::':;livi-:«K^ii-;V-A-;:i::'ftv;v:;
TO rent-r-New house, 1 5 rooms; ona acre of good
•£;: K___ea-;? land;' -A or" one i- or two years; '.$12 • per
\u25a0i ; month; « across rithe 'ib^y.-on© : hour -from ; the
V: cUy. jCallorf address JAMES: WATSON. SI
place. :;r : '-H^y.,^^c-v;.-.:.>;'f:r; -V-^--/-?: .fcjs^fs •
RANCH 100 acres and Improvements; _i_ xnilsa
\u25a0 .from Benicla; snao; $6000: part: cash: also
• \u25a0:_ lots : : In Berkeley. -25x125 ' each; ... including
$530 cash. .PHI_BRICIC. «9?_ Guer-
.y:rero-Jt.• :;:\u25a0\u25a0;:-\u25a0-:••\u25a0•':\u25a0 "^*r.-r. •<\u25a0'-\u25a0 '\u25a0 ;\u25a0 ';\u25a0:-•'\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0''• •
FRB_^-BEST. ; CATALOGUE. O5 1 ., POUI/TRY.
; ; -• FRUIT, ; AIiFAIiFA, '< DAIRY ! AND STOCK
;- ; RANCHES.-; BURR-PADDON CO., 40 . aiont-
;: : Vgomery,-st;;>San'.FranclBco, -C-U- '•\u25a0\u25a0,•\u25a0';.. vl.-.'.. \u25a0\u25a0 -
CALIFORNIA land: alfalfa; >irn. fruiti ylnes.
.'.grain, stock,.- suburban: moderate term*: cata-
\u25a0\u25a0' lbguea- free; . C;'M. Wooatof. Co.j 643. Market.'
SANTA- CRUZ- Rangei" in • Santa-C lara Valley;
\u25a0 \u25a0.beautiful, sitea ;f or homos, in ten.-or. more
/acrg -.tracts^- . Writa' : Advocate,^ Gllroy r . \u25a0.:\u25a0%•-\u25a0
I 63 ACRES, 'all tillable valley, land, with" house
I -.-and improvements*. s6o ;an .acre; .j Write Ad-
:'. yqcate,-. GUroy. "-."-. .':' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0y- '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 •'.'- ' : :.':'• ."• ''\u25a0>''. L-
\ WH' load 4.them;- : all . for -poultry ; ranches.
•.BATCHELQR &' STARKE, '.Penngrove.
..\u25a0;noi-a County t Cal.- :-....•;;:•\u25a0..,. .-./-I'- - \u25a0-.-\u25a0 ; . : - ! '
FULLER •"* - piNWIDDT-, \u25a0 Petaluma, : CaL;
..•\u25a0chlcfenn: ranches \u25a0 specialty;, write Information.:
ii I V-J; ;.: isAVSAXATO REAI* ESTATE. ' ..; j
I';HA-YE some desirable property for sale in
\u25a0\u25a0 • Sausallto: - both' Improved .and unimproved;
'.cash or .terms. .. See W. H. ATKINSON.
'.' -room '6t>. Chronicle btilldltfg. . . • . ••
-RKAL ESTATE WANTED. -
: WANTED— Good- income property. W. J.
MORGAN & CO.; Investment Bankers. 73'
- New: Montgomery st. •".;•..' \u25a0- -,
.: PROPERTY WANTED.
LET, us .submit your property to our clients;
we have buyers for city real *stat» ranging
.from' s23oo to $250,000. Call at our of flees
or drop us a line statin? where \u25a0 cur repre-
Kntativee . can ««e you.
-.-. ;S. W_. CROZIER 'COMPANY. .
\u25a0 230 Crocker Bldg. - Phone Main 554.
TO LEASE.
ANY portion of 60.000 square feet; best build-
ings In dty: three street-* frontages; perfect
light and. ventilation: all modern eonven-
. lences; . within < five * minutes' walk of - ferry
buildings. .'Postofflce, Welle, Fargo & Co. and
' Call \u25a0' office ; '\u25a0 reasonable rent : if you want
what • you are - looking for see us. HUGH
KEENAN CONSTRUCTION COMPANY. 30
Jsssis st.iclty.
ALAMEDA ADVEKT'S'-TTS
TWO new, modern cottages for sale; easy
terms.
: Choice lots for $10 per front 1 foot: 133 feet
deep, any frontage: $50 down, balance $10
per momh. J. H. YOCNO. 1243 Park: st
Alameda.
$300 EACH— Beautiful lota: grand location:
half block from cars. Address 8.. Call
office. Alameda.
BERKELEY APTERTS'XTS
BERKELEY RE.VL ESTATE.
R. A. BERRY A CO..
\u25a0 Postofflce Block. Berkeley.
— — — —
$4730 — New 6-room house on Fulton st., near
Ashby station. Including vacant lore (one a cor-
ner) on each side.
$4200 — Now 7-roora house, near Dwight —ay.
east of Shattuck aye.; unsurpassed Interior fin-
ish, -u-yi
$2250 — New house. S large rooms, on a big
lot on Etna st.
Lot with wonderful marine view en Reser-
voir Hill. Garber st.
Choice lot In Berry-Bangs Tract; price $1430;
lot 00x143.
Come In and see us immediately If you want
a house or Cat to rent before the public schools
and the State University open.
R. A. BERRY _ CO..
Poatoflce. Building. Berkeley.
FOR rent — Handsomely furnished house) of 15
rooms in fln« location; 4 bathrooms, ballroom,
tennis court: large and beautiful grounds;
cwn-er going abroad: referenoea required. Ad-
dress F. H. LAWTON A CO.. 2147 Center
9t.. Berkeley. CaL
3-ROOM cottage and bath, furnished: modern;
$30. 827 Taylor aye.. Alameda, C__. En-
clnal station. \u25a0
BERKELEY FI-ITS TO LET. -
$14 — THREB room* and batX gas. water,
electricity. 2023 Woolsey st.. South Berkeley;
FRUITVALE ADTT'S-INTS
FRUITVALB REAL ESTATX3.
$1400 BUYS a 3-room cottage in JYaJtvali*
near street cars; have to leave towa. H. XL
G-. P. O. bo* fIC3. Oakland.
OAKLAKD ADVERT'S'M'TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKI_~VD HEAL ESTATE.
IF you are looking for something- nice, arti-tlo.
with rustic porches, new and with the lateat
plumbing and In an elegant neighborhood,
containing 7 rooms and bath, every room
sunny and rtear Key Rout*, with term* easy
$300 to $506 down, balance $30 per raoat_.
then go at once to 912 33d et.. bet. Markat
st. and near San Pablo aye. and tit ere you
will find a gem. Tako the Key Rout* train,
get off at San Pablo and 40th it., go eoath
4 blocks, to this house; there you will £_d
the owner and the key and the prica of the
property so reasonable and cheap you will be
thorouchly satisfied.
,Thi3 place Is not for rent. Most be sold.
$2050— A 2-STORY S-room house; open for In-
spection from 1 to 3: number of house. 1329
East Eleventh St.. East Oakland.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
$25 PER mo. : 2 new. modern flats: lower flat
has fire rooms and bath, upper flat S rooms
and bath: separate entrance and large yard
for both fiats; gas _nd electricity; 86th st-."l
block from San Pablo aye. and 5 blocks from,
Key Route ferry station. Inquire or addreu
251 Bacon block. Oakland, Cal.
______ . »
OAJCL^AND^FUR.VITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the' day for bargains In furniture.
H. ScheUhaas. 11th St.. cor, store. Oakland.
San; Francisco Advertyenta
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.'
AUSTIN aye.. 102. i>ff Polk. bet. Bush and
Pine — a siinny hnua&keeplng rooma. . . -. . . •
CHEAP housekeeping rooms', nicely" furnished;
ga3 stoves, 1 coal stove: also single furnished
- rooms from' $1 to $1 5o per .week. Call *t
Philadelphia House. 205 Perry st.. near, ita.
CLAY, IS2U, nsar Jones— Nicely, furnished
apartments for housekeeping: 1, 2 or 3
rooms. $14 to $-5; private residence; \u25a0•\u0084-\u25a0
EDDY. 833 — 2 large furnished -rooms; private
residence; conveniences;. fine locatipn;central.
ELEVENTH, 100 — Front room, ga_ range, $3;
one sunny room, 'gas range complete.: lip; ..
ELLIS. 911 — Front bay- window suite;' nicely
turn.; sunning water; bath; quiet; teae.^
ELLIS, 1181 — Basement of 3 rooaia; sunny ;'nlc»
yard; nonobjection to children. ;,-• « y. .'. •-•.•.-..\u25a0:
FE i__ v 363— 4 : room» furnished / complete .for
- ' housekeeping. \u25a0''.. , ; •'- -.- \u25a0 : :--.-^ < V. v!: y-w.-.^'^.'^ •;'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'..
FO—SOM,. 834 — Sunny room for i
. kitchen complete; separata tetlu-'r ?::-.T;.-;- - ; ;;
FOURTH, 223-rF_r_i_bed 'roomy : «-ltaW» far
light housekeeping; also: single. '\u25a0'£*. .'-\u25a0 -.-•:.; ••; ;\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 ,--.;
FOURTEENTH. 7So— Handsome for. m_. \u25a0. for
\u25a0; hskpg-. ;. sunny bay -wiaclowa; water: laundry.
GSAI&Y, 1003—2 \u25a0 newly r f_i____ed TOoms^ for
: houaokeepins; private house;. 'rant r*ason&b!*i
r : :very deslrabio: also singla.'roo-— ''\u25a0>.» v .-. : . v^. : - : g.
GOLDEN •: GATE, ava..' 5 1200--Corner, . "; _nnnjr.
: alcove rm. and' Mtchenrrua.wat;.gajrarig».
HARRISON. . 731— Front >; : and ><__c_ s ; parlor."
- furnishtid for ho-aekeaptcg; r»nt.-i_)iJ-^u-Vr'>.v
JESSIS, 'S2S-—_ar_-^ front parlor •furnished for
; housekeeping; ga_ ' \u25a0 ra_ge> \u25a0• girtk;"-.-^3 SO---yaak. :
JtON_»;-i 507, \u25a0 conar '\u25a0 O^?ur«_t--Housek««p_i_r !
v?:roproar nicely furaJ__ed;. rent re-son-hlo,^g^
JONES. :rCCo^___i_3o_j» f i isuaayV snits,". |2tt{-
- . housekeepi-g" • sui:a, fl8; slngl« roo_ss, *!«_-:
.:; r _c_abla;v;- : :'>^^.;^u>c-vl- ; ;^%;:^^-;1;;.v-i-::vV\;>.rt.r
LANGTON -. _t2%; near S«T_nth— B _nfur_{»h-
ye- jooma for, houaekaepl; ig;lary» •;- rainy, yard.
LARKIN. 81715-- Nicely furnished su_37 corner
;::-room.: Tfi_i ;__9\»toTe;. : waiyina_l«;-:y^:>;vy/:.:i
IiEAVKNWORTH. 60&— 2 :.0r : to»r» drj_sJi«4 .
: : •' houaakgepins roo_-vv;.'- v^;z*-ji>-*£ :----t.^^^- ;< ,":
-JcA-TjTSTSR. 453."Jc0r...- Vaa^Ness-rS'sujurr
.; connect— ig-ho-sekeej>icg ' roo— >». : 113; l^rm t V*
MINNA 6Go— Nicely \u25a0 f urai-had - housekeeping -
-rooms; also single rooms.':
MISSION. 1005t^ rooina. .coniplet- "far _ous»-
.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 : _eepl__r...:^'V-.;': j'-' vV.vV.'r i'\:. : ".".* .('-. . : .Vj'-: ; "^ ;s ?i»xS^Hi
NINETEENTH. \u25a0 B_->^-Nicely> furnished' house- '
• rooms to-let.. ; ..-»-.r{\.v. : yV"?^ >:';: ';
OAK. ;in.*or 14 Page— Compete bskpg.: g»«/
. -rangs. free;- hat -bath,- tonatoyt.il; 2S-43 B0 w_. <
FEARI* :\u25a0#? cor.- Marketi-a i furnished :.hotts«-.: .h0tts«-
. :kfeep-ig • rooma ; -no- \u25a0chUdren;..-phone./-;:r:.v^,:;- : : V;
POWEI_i,. a&-rN!c« furnished rooms;.' suitabls
. ...for Duslnesa.btflceai-ca.n^'b^ connected; hskpg.-.
PoW____, l_2o— Nice sunny front rooms;: also
'.'. light housekeeping ; rooms ; : day: or : we«fc ; St* -.."
SACRAMENTO.' 17028, v near , Polk— 2 unfura-
. • Ished;.ropm3;housej-eeplng;. "reasonable, v^.-.^i \u25a0'
SOUTH \u25a0• • FARK.^ •\u25a0 137~WeU-fUrnt3hed': - front
. •\u25a0; hskpg. rooma. gas range. $1,3: also hakpg..ta.
TAYLOR; '.fill— 2 rooms. -gas rang*.
folding bed $10; attic rooms, gas range $1 60.
THIRD.- "4l3A— Modern flat: suite parlor and
kitchen; rent <3 wk.; gas range; bath: laund.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3377— Tw0 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms, cooking gas free. • $11;'-
one. $5. •\u25a0\u25a0•..- - .....
TURK. .' ll39— Furnished rooms; new .Cat; all
; conveniences v very reasonable; housekeeping
•' If- desired. " . . •
TURK. 1332. near Flllmors — 2 sunny -rooms,
furnished for housekeeping, 912. \u0084,.•. -'
VAN NESS aye.. 911— Furnished and noosed
keeping rooms. . • .
WALLER. 71—1. 2. 3 or 4 newly furnished
sunny ruoms in new house.
WALLER. 12D7 — Housekeeping rooms.
WASHINGTON, 1500— Suits of 2 or 3 rooms;
\u25a0 sunny: newly fumiahecj; bath.
WEBSTER. 719 — Upper .floor of 3 sunny nn-
. furnished 7ob~»; ga? and bath.
ZOE. 41 — Thre*. housekeeping rooms to rent;
rent $ia -' - -. - . ..; .' .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b#«i
opened at ICOS Market st.. opposite * Fifth.
: Open until 11 p. —
Hotiaekeeplnsr Uooms— Private Home.
ELIJS. OH — From bay-window suite, .nioly
furnished; running water, bath; quiet; reaa.
Continued oa Pi_t Tea.
910
APARTMEXT_HOUSES.
ESTHER. 1410 Leavenworth. near Washington
— Open to-<iay 10 to * : 30 ; greatest novelty
ever Kot up lor housekeeping: the conven.encf
of 5 rooms in 2; ccc this without fail; you
can't afford to miss It; rents $30 to $35; first
honae of itg kind In this city: call to-day.
THE OVERLOOK. 3C71 Sixteenth ut.— lUse-
•nent aptrtinent, 3 large rooms, sunny. $16:
front apartments. 3 large rooms, private
* hall. b*th. laundiy. $25; unfurnished; Cas-
tro car* to Sixteenth st.
THE Vera Apartments. 1007 Bush St.. near
Jones; under entirely new management; new
and thoroughly renovated: 2 and 3 room
suite*. lurn. or unfurn. for hskpg. : also beau-
tlfully furn. glngle rmt. for genti; rea».
A— ST. LAWRENCE APARTMENT — New.
modern building: furn. or unfurn. apart-
ment« of 2. S 4 rooms; private baths; frcm
?15 to $33. Phone Main 5130. 1335 Mason tt.
YON* NTDACK APARTMENTS.
873 Polk «t., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde:
four rooms; furnished and unfurnished; ab
modern conveniences; salt water.
A— KENILWORTH, cor. Bueh. Powell; 3-rocm
gunny aprts.: single rooms; modfrn; reas.
ARIEL flats, 531 Turk— l -2-3-room houeektep-
lng- apartments; furn. or unfurn.; reasonable.
THE Frederick. 301 Stanyan— l to 3 rooms.
overlooking Golflen Gate Park; tel. Page 616t.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
520 Mason St.. bet. Geary tm<* lyFwrell.
Hooms wirti or without pn\a.T« bath.
2C«w addition Juet completed; entire hou#e
newly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to *5 per week ar.d
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
IH THE PIERRE. 378 OTAJIRELII
Beautifully furnished, light, sunny suite;
\u25a0 hlto elxigle rooai; excellent care; low rent.
AT "The Almonte," $73 Market st. (cr No. 1
Fifth et.) — Rooms. 25c to 60c. $1, $ 1 50 night;
(1 .Vi to $10 we«k; houee open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owi drug 6tore; 2 en-
trances, 112 C Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights, runnlnr water In every room; 2t"o
rooms: 250 to W>c psr night; $1 25 to $3 week.
EERSARD, 77 — 1 or 2 rooms; bath: reasonable,
BUCHANAN, SO62 — Furnished, runny front
room: refined gentleman; private family.
BUSH. 1335. necr Lurline BiUhs— Sunny fur-
nished roumt; phone, bath; reason&bla.
EDDY, 3 — Choice furnished rooms; location
of th« best; reasonable terms.
EDDY. 162* — Furnished room for single gentle-
man; no other roomers.
FELL. 065 — Furnished pleasant alcove front
room; bath, grate, phone; 512; small rm., Jt>.
FOLSOM. Ie»0 — Large tunny fur. rooms; large
grounds, gas. bath, phone; \u25a0ults.ble 2 gfcnt!-.
FOURTH. 271—1O<> rooms; all sires and prices;
new. modern; hot and cold water.
GEARY. R6o— Rooms to let.
GEARY 1125 — Beautiful furnished rooms, from
$9 t-> ?15.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 42S — 3 eunny rooms and
bath; walking distance; rent $25.
GRAND SOUTHERN. Seventh and Mission—
100 rooms. 35c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $7 v,-k.
GRANT aye.. 7. near Market— Newly furnish- !
ed rooms; $S up; offices first floor.
HOTEL Hamilton, 125 Ellis— New hotel. Just
•opened; class "A"; steel building, strictly
fireproof; European plan; telephone and
f:e»m lv?at in every room; rooms without
bath. $1 p«-r day; with bath. $1 60 to $3; re-
duced rates by week or month.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN. cor. Ellis and Leav-
er.worth — 300 rooms; morii-rn and up to date; |
light, sunny and airy; hair mattresses: free |
baths: everything fresh «ad clean; single i
rooms and baths; reasonable rates.
HOWARD. 715— R.->orr.s. 25c to Jl peT day;
$1 50 to S3 per week: reading-room, etc.
HOWARD. S2V»— ROOMP, ROOMS: CLEAN,
CLEAN: TRANSIENT; REASONABLE.
HYDE. 408 — Sunny front alcove suite; $18;
one rocm $12; large yard. 1
JESSIE, 44f«. near Sixth— Large furnished
front rooms for 1 or 2 gents.
JONES. o.M— Sur.r.y room, suitable for ger.tle-
man; hot and cold water; bath; phone.
LARKIX. 1422 — Larfre sunny furnished roorrs;
Ermu-. running water; references.
LARKIN. 1SH — Sunny furnished or unfurn-
ished front rooms.
MARKET. 7r>it — Fine Turn, rooms; gas. electric
lights, running water; convenient: reasonable.
METROPOLITAN- HOTIiL. 12f» Third st. — ICO
•Ingle and family rOOBM, :;5c to $1 &» per day;
%'t to SS w«k; the only new and modem
hotel and rooming:-house In San Francisco
that ha* offi<-# on KrounJ floor: hot s.vA culd
water, ckctric lithts. call bells, steam heat
* In every room, and gives free bathe and ele-
vator day and night to its guests.
MISSION. !(..'»*— La rir*-, sunny room, ?2 50; eln-
ple room, (\ 7." i#r week.
OAK. 237. opposite park — Very desirable fur-
T3i.«hi-d rooms
OTAVIA, CIS — Sunny front parlor, suitable
for 1 or 2 persons; private family; rent rea-
sonable.
OTARRELL. 20 — Sunny f ui nieh«>d rooms; ele-
M.lcr HTi<i clectrii- llclny; unturnlsheu oinces.
OFAKIUILL. 14^7— One to four furnished
• r unfurnished rooms.
O'FARRKLL, ]^aT. cor. l'lprc* — Four upper
unfurniFht-'l roomt; nice location; fl2 CO.
I'F.AHL. 1*«. b«;t. Valencia and Oucrreo, near
Market— Two larsre furnished rooms.
VINE. 7O4— One furnished room; sap range; $g.
I'oLK. ISO— Nicely furnished roums. $1 and
<2 i<er wwk; running water, gag and phune.
POi=T. 2<>7— Nicely fuinlshrd roonie; single and
en hjU*, bath.
I-oLK. C"*! — Furnished hallroom; $5 per month.
with gas.
lUO VISTA lioirl. 2X5 Third ft., nr. Howard—
New hous»-. with modern conveniences: rooms
*n snito snd slngrle; iatcs by day .15c up;
by week. ?2 u;>; Latli.s frc-c to pucst?.
ROSE aye.. 1CS»» — Furnished rocm to respect-
able w-orklngman; $7; no sign.
EACRAMEXTO, '.I'.HiTi — Sunny furnished rooms
to let.
fcTEVEXSON. 523 <Par«.s House) — Rooms tv»
Jl!l
TATLOR. jltt— Nicely lurnished euncy rooms;
hsii room for gentleman; bath: phone.
TAYLUK. 7«t. rear Sutler— Larse sunny far-
nlrfitd front rwn;, no v f<.r .1 ur 2. >9 mo.
SHE FLORENCK, 102 Ellis*, corner Powell—
R«m», We and upward; first-<lass service;
sped" l lattn by ye« k to families.
"THE LAINFTON." 110 Td-ly st.— Fine
looms, >>inK!e or en .-i::u-, $J woek uj>.
Tt'RK. 2*.>4— Nicely furnished sunny rooms. |2
and v;.; quiet house.
TfltK. 770 — Furnished room? with or without
housfkecplrr-
t'NlTEl> STATES. 12.J ,Kddy. nr. Market — 100
rooms. n.*, e to »1 night, fl 7. r . to $a week: flec-
iric. lights <nc sa^i. running- water In «v«ry
room; elevator, road. -room; free bus. bagß/aR^ 1 .
"VVOLf HOtrSF.. Sxith 3nd Howard sty.— Ren
kno'An transient house in city; clean, ntat;
charceg reuvonabif-: centra", location com-
ments it to traveling public; cafe attached-
art : a«» door. <J. H. yon der Mehden. prop!
VVIN«.-m>TKIt Hotel, 44 3d St.. nr. Market—
Vc.it c.in\«-nirnt and rerjit-«-table; 70<» room!"
.Tic 10 $1 T»0 tilr!itly. *2 to $S wef-k; ele\ator;
*!ec. '.tghts; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
A KRA.VCH office of The Call for the reception
of «<lv«-rtlscm»n:K and Eunset lpttons hat Wen
. i''-p."i st KOS Market st., csposite Fifth
«>}> en mull 11 p. m.
AHVERTI.SKMEXTS, subs-i-riptlons received a:
Call bran.-^ofnc?. cor. Ltuncan & Church sts. .
ItOOM!> AXU BOARD.
AA- HOTEL ItABUnaOUGH. 4C4 Eddy~sT..
JL*ST OPENED. Koomn mo<iern and up t->
date; :lpht. sunny «nd airy; hair mattresses:
free baths: everything c-iegant. fresh and
clean; table unexcelled; r.itei> \ery reaton-
able; rr.xihl be e«-n t» be mipixjclated- located
{•1 the heart cf the city — 404 Eddy st. — lU4.
"Bett mealit In the city."
EiiUY/ 112*. fronting Jcflerscn Park— Ftn«
furnished ruomt; several unfurnished t-.ioms; i
table board If desired; very reasonable.
1 i.LIS. 4£;— 2 «n 4 ir*nts can find fine room
and board: very reasonable.
llVill. 317. Oakland— Board ar.d rooms for i
nifs. \u25a0 •
•JLEKREKO. 114— Sunny rooms with board;
very rra^onable-
OoLDEN GATE av«-., 10.11— Nicely fur. front
room: bmh. good board; 522; two. $36 nio.
JOHNSTON. THE. «05 OKarrcll— Sunny tuiUs
and ringle rmf: excellent board: reference?
LIBERTY. 3t»— Parlor suite, single roon>». hot.
cf.id wnler. bath; excellent >>oaid.
Old Stevenson Mansion. 80" California it.; new i
t-ariK'ts and Interior: exceptional table: m.»d. ;
tt)LK jxtj — Sunny, sins'* » n< l do»ible rooms;
« xccllmi table beard: lieautiful giounds.
fI'TTKR 82«' — l'lCßantly furnished parlor sufle
««• sin; It. 'wttU or without board. .
C WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C iaf cs. In wrapper, for malltns, »1 per year. ,
SPECIAL XOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that th*y
have admitted In the orphanage from Jan-
i vary 1. 11)05, to June 30. 1005. the follow-
\u25a0 Ing; named orphans and half-orphans, boys
I and Girls, viz.: Max Rosinsky. aged 6 years
5 months: Isaac Rude, aged 7 years 11
months: Julius Roslnsky. aged 11 years .">
months: Abraham Barrow, aged 7 years 2
months; Kdr.a Lando. aged 6 years 4 months;
Abraham Shrf?ky, aged A years 4 months:
Matilda Goldberg, aged 4 years 9 months:
Ida Nathan, aged 14 years 1 month: David
Abraham Nathan, aged 9 years 5 months;
Isaac Nathan, aged 0 years 7 months: Eva
Friedman, aged 6 years 3 months; Iren«»
rtatavla. aged 11 years 11 months: Clarence
l Levey, aged 11 years 6 months: Sidney
> Levey, aged 9 years 6 months; Annie Shef-
*ky. aged 7 years 7 months: Isidore Greene-
ber«r. apfd 10 years 10 months; Joseph Rude,
aged 10 years 0 months; .Pauline Rude, aged
8 years 5 months, and Philip Rude, aged 9
years 6 months. -
SEWIXG .MACHINES AifD SUPPLIES.
BARGAIN days at the White Co.'s office.
Shopworn machines, dropheads, equal to new,
at one-third usual price. U«ed sewing ma-
chines. Rood ones, of other makes, jat from
?:i to $n. 915 Market st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family us*: b»st
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market Ft., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3. J5, ?S; slightly
used. $10. $15 and $20. Tou know where
dolls Fwtn'g In the window. 1051 Market tt.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped.. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co., «0t
Van Ness aye. Phone East 445. Storage,
moving, packing: cut rates on freight.
j CONKLIN'S storage; furniture and merchan-
: <Jist; Golden Gate & Larkin: phone East 126.
i 'PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
; pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 2SI.
PIERCE— RODOLPH— Storage and Moving Co.
\u25a0 Main office Eddy and Fir.more; tel. West N2S.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
tt.; tel. Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates.
STEAM LAUNDRIES.
LAUNDRY of kinds only union help: prices,
rooming-houses, sheets and slips. 20i: doz.;
towels. Uc each. Tel. SMITH. Howard -4011.
TYPEWRITERS AM) SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $- SU. The
Typewriter Exchange 536 California *t.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 50S Market
' CARDS AXD INVITATIONS.
ENGRAVED wedding Invitations, visiting and
business cards, crest, etc.: high-class work a:
moderate rates. J.H. Duncan. l'J6 Keirny.r.l \u25a0£
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHST"
Birth, niarrlace and death notices sent by :
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication oi fires and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted 6lmply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charre.
DOIIN.
ARBIOS— In this city. July 27, 1905, to the
wife of Harry B. Arbio». a sod.
I EASOM— In this city.'* July 25. 19^5, to the
ir!fe of Harry Easom, a son.
MARRIED.
SCOTT— HORTOP— In this city. July 30. 10C5.
by the Rev. C. Calvert Smoot, Wallace
Atwcll Scott and Grace Elizabeth Hortop.
both of this city.
DIED.
Augustlny. John, 57 LewU, William P., 35
Brennan Annie J. Lunny, William, 37
Brownlee, Paul R., 30 Marks, James E., 6.1
Buecker, Louisa S., 21 Meredith, Katherine.7o
Caffrcy, Frank, 74 Morrissey, E. J., 48
Clark. Lottie K. Mugan John, 75
Colvin, Mary M. Mumz. Ernestine. 45
Daley, Mary Peterson, E. C. It., 1
Fitzmaurice, Catherine Perry. Annie, 21
Ueorge, J. Edward, 43 Reis, Julius C, 67
Hammond, A. C. 79 Kohde. Hans W., 40
Horrlgan, Daniel. 50 Starkey. Madeline C.,S
Jackson, James H., e3 Wood, Harry L.. 33
j Kelly, Stevens Zlnkand, Catherine, 37
AUGUSTIXY— In this city. July 30. 1005,
John Aug-ustiny, beloved husband of Louise
Augustlny, and father of Mrs. Hanlta Tay-
lor, a native of Kappeln, Germany, aged 57
years. A member of Vereln Eintracht. Har-
monic Singers' Vereln and Hercules Ledge
Nj. 53. A. O. U. W.
CyFrUnUs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 239 Golden Gate avenue, corner
Hyde. Cremation I. O. O. F. Crematory.
BRENNAN— to this city, July 2S, 1003, An-
nie Jane lirennan, beloved sister of Mrs.
R. B. Farmar, James J. Mitchell and Mrs.
J. White, a native of Sydney, N. S. XV.
E7Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Monday, July 31, at 11 a.
m., from the residence of her eister. Mrs.
J. White, 1637 fcutter street. Interment Cy-
prefs Lawn Cemetery, by elt-ctrlc funeral car
from Klshleenth and Guerrero streets. .
BROWNLEE— In this city. July 30, 19f5,
Paul U.. beloved son of francos C. and the
late J. S. lirownlee, and brother of J. C.
lirownlee, a native of Lawrence, Ivans.,
aged 30 years.
UI'ECKER— In this city, July 20. 10C3,
Louisa S. B. Buecker. dearly beloved daugh-
ter of George and Sophia Buecker, and be-
loved sister of Ida, George Jr. and Mar.c
Uue-cker and the late Hubert and Clara
liurcker. a native o f San Francisco, agc*l 21
} ears 1 month and 2S days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. Augufet 2, at *:30 o'clock a. m., from
the residence of her parents, 287S Folsom
street, between Twe-nty-fourth anJ Twtnty-
flfth, thence to St. Anthony's Church, Auny
street, ne-ar Folsom. where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for tils
ropose of her eoul, commencing at 9 a. in.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAFFREY— In this city. July 30, 1905, Frank
Cattrey, beloved uncle of Edward, Oeor^e,
Frank and James Caffrey Mrs. Alice Jonn—
son and Mrs. Mary Wilhelm, a native of
County Cavan. Ir6iand, aged 74 years. A
member of Division No. C, A. O. 11.
C7"Frl«-nds and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend th» funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday)), at 5:43 a. ni.. from th« parlors
of McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Elgh.h,
thence to the Church of th- Mo3t Holy
Redeemer, where a requiem high mas* wl.l
be celebrated for the repore of his toul at
»:H0 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
officers and members of Division No. C,
A. O. H., are respectfully requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. I- rank
Caffrey, to-morrrow (Tuesday), at 5:45
a. m.. from the parlorg of McFaddrn Mc-
Brtarty & Green. 1171 MissU-n sTett '
WILLIAM BOYLE. President.
M. J. CONNELLY. Secretary.
CLARK— In this city, July 30, ll»0o Lottie
X.. d«upht*r of Charlotte D. and "the laic
William Clark and sitter of Mrs. E. F
Howe)!, a native of Pennsylvania.
ETTrUndK and acquaintances are reypest-
fuily Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at !>:l3 o'clock a. m.. from the
farr.lly residence, M 5 Guerrero street, thence
to the chapel at I. O. O. F. Cemetery, whe:e
services will bo held at 10 a. m.
COLVIN— In I'kiah. Oil., July IV. W0.".. Mary
M., wife of the late H. J. Colvin. and
motlitr of E. J. Colvin and Mrs. Alice A.
Bennett.
C?"lnterment Drlvate.
DALEY— In this city. July SO. 1905. Mary,
beloved wife of the late Patrick Daley, a.d
mother of William H. Daley, and sister of
Mrs. John Morgan, a native of County Gal-
way. Ireland.
inyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at 9 a. m., from the rarlora o'
McFaddtn. McHrmrty * Green" 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth, theme
to St. Patrick's Church, where a rcquhm
high/mass will be celebrated for the r po c
of htr soul at 0:30 a. m. Interment Hily
Cross Cemetery.
FITZMAURICK— In this city. July 30. Uo\
Catherine Fltzmuurlce. beloved sifter of Mrs.
Margaret L. Stack ard devoted aunt of
Mr*. K. M. Hlbbert and James J., Margaret
L. and Jo«eph R. Stack. S. J. and S stcr
M. Alacoqu*, O. D.. a native of Irelind.
GEORGE— In this' city. July 23. 19C5. J.
Edward George, loving husband of Catherl ne
'WOODLAWN CrIMET-hIKY
tail Mateo County.
MASONIC CEMETEKV ASSOCIATION',
asg James Flood Building. S. F.
J.C.O r CONNOR&.CO.
FUNERAL nmECTOIISV-
707 3IISSSIOX STREET
TEL.MAWSM:
... \u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - .-•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 • ' \u25a0 \u25a0-... . \u25a0 :/..>\u25a0- -'•\u25a0' .. ."' -' \u25a0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' MONDAY JULY 31, 1905.
C. George, and son of Flora E. George, a
native of Wlnnebago City, Minn., aged 4J
years 50 months and 24 days.
HAMMOND— In Alameda. July 30. 19C5, An-
selm Charles, beloved husband of . Elizabeth
•Hammond, and father of Mrs. Charlotte M.
Clark and A. C Hammond, a native of
Kent, England, aged .70 years. \ :
HORRIGAN— In this city, July 2», 1005, Dan-
iel Horrigah, beloved cousin of Daniel Hor-
rigan, a native of County Kerry, Ireland.'
aged 50 year*.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral I to-day
(Monday). «t s:4fi a. m.. from the funeral
parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mls^
slon street, thence to St. Patrick's Church.'
where a requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose- ot his soul,- commencing at
9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
JACKSON— In Oakland. Cal., July 20, 1005.
James Henry Jackson, beloved father of
Katie. John. James and Amelia, Jackson,
a native of Nova Scotia, aged 05. years U
months and 17 days.
t^TFrlends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
July 01, at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence. 31S Third street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
a solemn recuiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his eoul, commenc-
ing: at 0 o'clock a. m. sharp. Interment bt.
Mary's Ctmelery.
KELLY— In this city, July SO. 1905, Stevens,
beloved husband of the late Bridget Kelly,
and loving father of Mrs. N. I. ttifford, a
native of Ireland.
ETNottce of funeral hereafter.
LEWIS— At Honolulu, July 22, 1005, William
P.. beloved husband of Cairie Lewis, and
Eon of Philip and Rosalie Lewis, ana
brother of Mrs. Maurice Schmitt. Mrs.
Harry J. Hart Mrs. B. M Solomon and
Harry. Fred and Edgar Lewis, a native ot
San Francisco, aged 35 years.
C^The funeral cervices will be held to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. at
2424 Buchanan street. Funeral and inter-
ment private.
LUNNY— In this city, July 30. 1005. "Willlim.
beloved s:on of Bernard and the late Elliaj
beth Lunny, a native of Indiana, aged ii"
years.
(C.' p P.emalns at parlors of McFa.lden. Me-
Brearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
MARKS— In this city. July 20, lOCS. James
E., beloved husbana 01 Minnie A. Alarks, a
native of Maine, at;ed ti3 years 11 months' and
it days. A member of Millwrights' Union
No. UG.
E7"Frk-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviud to attend the funeral Tuesday,
AuKtm .1, at 10 o'clock a. in., from the
mcrtuary chapel of the GoUlen Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission stieet. near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery.
MEREDITH— In Oakland. July 2l>. 1905.
Kntherine Meredith, a native of Ire'.anJ,
aged 70 years.
MORRISSEY— In this city. July 20. 1005,:
Edward J. Morrissey, beloved hutbatnl of
Jennie- Morrissey, and brother of William,
M.chatl and John Morrissey,' a native o;
Massachusetts, agfd 4s years. (Watirbury,
Conn., papeis please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Relief Committees of F. of A.
and K. of P. are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrrow (Tufsday), at
!0:M0 a. in., from the funeral chapel of
Thecdor Dierks & Co.. 432 Golden Gate
avenue, between Larkin and Polk streets.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Crematory.
MUGAN— In this city. July 28, IOCi, John Mu-
gan, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Mugan, and beloved father of John A. Mv-
Kan, a native of County Mayo, Ireland, aged
75 ;ears.
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are lespect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., lrom the
residence of his gon, 2450 Bryant avenue,
near Twenty-third street, thence to St.
Peter's Church. Alabama street, near Twen-
ty-fourth, where a requiem high maps will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MUNTZ— In \U\ Valley. July 20. 1005.
Ernestine, beloved wife of A. Muntz and
mother of Walter Muntz and daughter of
Mis. Mary Julhe, and sister of Mrs. Hoile
Tipping, a native of New Orleans, Li., aged
45 years and 17 days.
G7"Frl»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. August 1. at 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
at Mount Carmel Church. Summit avenue,
Mill Valley. Interment Fernwood Cemetery.
PERRY— In this city. July 30, lOCS. Annie,
beloved wife of "waiter Perry, and mother of
Jessie and infant. Perry, and daughter of
Annie and the late John Yaeger. and sister
of Mrs. Ida \Vessell. Mrs. Kate Shannon
and John and Fred Yaeger, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 4 months and 12
days.
PETERSON— In this city July .10. 1905, at
the residence of his parents. 017 Natoma
strm, Elmer C. B. Peterson, and dearly
beloved and only son of Brlenholt and
Christina Peterson, and beloved . brother of!
Agnes M. Peterson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and 6 days.
REIS — In this city. July 20. IUOS, Julius C.
Reis, beloved husband of Kllen W-. Keis, and
father of Mrs. Julian Sonntag, 'William B.
and Mary Reis and Mrs. W. H. T. Iluie.
a native of Germany, aged 07 years 4
months and 20 days.
E7"Funeral private.
ROHDE— In San Lorenzo, July 30, 10C5 Hans
W. Rohde. beloved son of the late H. 'J.
Rohde and Mrs. P. Rohde, and brother of
Mrs. VV. Hess, Peter Rohde, Mrs. C. Warn-
kce, Mrs. H. F. Micha-lls, R. Rohde E.
Rohde, Mrs. G. H. Huerken Mrs. Oscar
Dittmer and Mrs. P. H. Muller, a native of
Germany, aged 40 years and 24 days. 1
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
STARKEY— In Vallejo July 2S. 1005 Made-
line C, only child ot fcrtward and Ella
Starkey, a native of. Oakland, aged 8 years
7 months and 24 days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Inviud to attend the funeral ser»-lce<
this (Monday) morning. July 31. at 10:39
o'clock, at the parlors of the Albert Brown
Company. 572 Thirteenth street Oakland.
Interment at Mountain View Cemetery.
WOOD — In this city July 30, 1005. Harry L.
Wood, dearly beloved hu.»band of Harriette
E. 'Wood, and devoted father of Bessie and
Kathryn Wood, and only son of Mr. aid
Mrs. C. L. Wood, and brother of Mrs. K.
Wood, Baker and Charlie Le May Wood, a
native of New York, ag«d .'53 years 1 month
and 14- days. iNorth Platte. NVbr., papers
please copy.)
(D^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
August 1. at l::t0 o'clock, p. ni.. from the
residence of his father, SCS Powell street
ZINKAND— In this clty."july 30, 1005, at her
reridence. 418 Tenth avenue, near Point
Lobos. Catherine Zlnkand, dearly beloved
wife of Edward Zlnkand. and loving mo her.
of Henry. Edward Jr., Helena and Albert
Zlnkand, a native of Melsenhclnv BaJcn,
Germany, aged. 37 years.
PLOTS
In Odd Fellows' and Masonic Cemeteries can be
exchanged for Plots In
•31 T . OLIVET CEMETER Y.
For paitlcularn apply at City Of five
GRANT HLDG., MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SATURDAY, J ULY 20.
| Adolpli Mayer to Samuel Morgenstern, lot on
S line of Oak street, 100:0 E of Octavla E32-0
I by S 120; $10.
T. Z. Blakcman to Suele Mayer, same, quit
claim deed: $1.
Samuel Morgenstern to same, same; gift.
Abraham C Karski to Hannah Karskl,> lot on
N line of Geary street, «l":0 W of Laguna AY
l' 7:0 by N &7:0; gift.
Matthew I. Sullivan to Roman Catholic Arch
bish-jp of San Francisco (religious corporation
koK-). lot on SW line ot Tenth street, lyj N'\v
of Folsom. NW CU by SAY 'Mi; ?10.
John Mugan to Cathei'.ne MiiKan, lot on E
line of Alabama struct. l-'io N of Twonty-tlnrJ,
N 'J« by E 100; also iot on Vf line of Folsoni
street. 2C5 N of Twvlity-second, N I'o-by W
122:0; Rift. .
Isabelle J. and John T. Porter to Bridget
Nauifhton, lot on E line oi'San Carlos avenue.
210 N of Nineteenth street. "N 'Jo by E SO; 510.
Louis A. Imhaus to EnUla J. Imhaus. lot on i
N line of Hill btiect, T~o E cf Guerrero E "5
by N 114; Blft. - .
Emi!e M. Imhaus to J. M. Rolhchild. undi
vided one-third of lot on N lino ot Hill street
T25 I! of Guerroio. E L's by N 1U; $10.
Charles <J. nn.l Ko^e Stubr to EJward L. and
Emr.ia C. Uanjjs. lot on Nllne of . Twenty-fifth
street., 192 W of Dolores, W :.'5 by N 114; $10.
B. anJ Birdie Schaplro to J. H. Stein, un
divided half of lot on S line of Clipper street
160 W of Castro. AY/M/ by S 114; |10.
Mary J. Smith to Morris \u25a0 AVinrit, lot on E
lln« of Vermont street, "Zo SotS ot Twcnty-ftf!h,
B 18-') by E Kif>. also property^ deseribi-d as lot
on E line of Vermont, strict, 433 1K of Army
N 183 by E 100, and all interest in I*. V. llu :
$10.
Frank AY.' Luca?. Alice H. anil William D.
Brown antl Jeremiah J. ana Muuil !>.: Sullivan
to Paul E. AVlßet.'lot on E line br Thlrty-Hrst
avenue.- 123 N of Clement street, N 25, E 103:5
SE 25:11 i. AY 1C7:»; $10.
James J. and. Alice IJ. Fasan to R. P. do
Gulre. lot on W line, of Sevcntesnth. avenue,
22.*:11 N of Clement street, N 25 by W-l"0
$10. .. \u25a0 :
T. P. Riordan (trustee Anna and -John -Miller
and "Anna Monnicr) to F. AY. Skalfe, lot onE
lino of Fifth avenue, 100 Slot Point Lobos S
23 by E 120: $OM>.
Bay . District • Land Company \u25a0to Gottlieb . T.
Knopf, lot on SAY corner, or Third avenue .and 1
A 6treet. W 14ft S 30,.AV.U1, S 470,; E 120 N
400. E 120, N. 100; *10. . \u0084 .
Jacob Heyman Company/to AVilllam H. . Bo-
Bert, lot en AA' line of Forty-seventh avenue,' loo
Nof X street. NCO by-AY 120: $10. - , ,^. : :
1 Lange Investment Compciuy ' to Helle Swasey,
lot on NAY corner of Thirty-ilrst avenue and Q
street, N 3CO by AVi24O; $10. , .
B. M. and Caroline S.; Lombard to J. M.
O'Brien, outside lands block. 1181, -bounded! by.
T and V streets and Thirteenth and Fourteenth
avenues; : $10. '\u25a0:.... •\u25a0.-.- \u0084: v ; . " -
\u25a0 Same to same, outside lands block 1187; ?10.
. AWndell Kaston to : Victor E. A.. AVrem. •\u25a0 lot
en AY line of Thirty-elshth: avenue, 525 N of V
stretl. NSOby AY 120; $5.- ' . ';.
C. ' J. Meyer- to S. A. Aronsohin, - lot on E
Mine or Forty-second avenue, 273 N of \ street.
N 50 by E 120; also lot 43, Bernal Homestead;
$10. • . \u25a0-.-..,'.
.- Mollle A. and JC E.Loomts to J.'.W. Wright
& Sons' Investment Company, lot -on \u25a0• NE cor
ner of • Thirty-ninth avenue and W street, N
100 by E 120; al6o lot on E line of Thirty
ninth avenue, 200 N of W street, N 150 by E
120; ?10. -' •--'-• yr.
Savings and Loan- Society to George F.
Volght. lot on E line of Sandier street and NE
of Palmer, N 24 : 1, E 102. SW 85 :2, N\V (52.
block 20 Mission and Tnirtleth-street Home
stead Union; $COO. ..•-.-.
Cypress Lawn Improvement Company to Ma.
Tilda C. Stevenson, property out of county,
$129.'
Matilda C. Stevenson toLevl B. Shipley.
Robert C. Clark and Daniel J.. Reenfr to
Charles H., and Aleda C. Xystrom, lot_on N
line of Twenty-second street. 60 L of Worth.
E 25 by N 05, block 4. Noe Garden: 510.
! Conrad Kalberla to Johanna Powers, lot 3J.
block 4::. Sunnyslde; $30. --; - .
Edward J.Alome ct al. to P. A. Dola?. •«*"
1415 and 141rt, gift map 2; also lot lb&v gift
map 3, and all Interest in estate of David Ai
nion (deceased); J . icil-,".—
Kstato of Adolph Sutro to H. B. Slocum.
same property as In order conferring sale re
corded July 28. 1905 (see abstract «J»>; *l n -
H. B. and Emily W. Slocum to William. H.
Crocker, same; $10.
i Builders' Contracts.-. *
I> red and Alvina Wiseman (owners) with A.
A. Wessndunk (contractor) architect— All
work for a two-story frame building on N line
of Twenty-fifth street. 70 X of bancnez, r*.
2Jj:O by E 24; $2155. . • -
Mary V. Colkton (owner) with George J.
Doeiins (contractor!, architect— All work
; for a two-story frame building on N line of
Twenty-fourth street. ' 25-1:2 t, ol Douglass,
E 25:10 by N 114; ?3CCO. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Kobert McKillican (owner) with John Fay
(contractor), architect J. E. Krafft-^Lathlng
and plastering for a three-story frame resi
dence en NE corner of Jackson and Cough
Julius Funksnstein (owner) with George R.
Lang (contractor), architect J. L. Krafft— All
wtrk lor a two-story frame residence on S
lint of Jackron street. 130:6 E of W ebster. L
50: ii by S 127:101-; $5405. _ - \u25a0 _.
H. U. Sobernnes (owner) with Felix Mar
cus.* (contractor). architect— All work for
a two- story frame dwelling on W t line of
Seventh avenup. 225 N of A street. N 25 by. W
*James Otis, trustee (owner) with Fennell
Bros, (contractors);- architects Wright & Polk—
Hrkk work, mason. Iron work. etc.,__for a
•seven-story brick building on common, iv vv ot
SW of Elchth and Market streets,: W 40 by
S 17li: f 20. 250.' \u25a0 ' * , , '
Same owner with Thomas H. Days Sons
(contractors), architects same— Carpenter and
mill work, hardware, roofing metal, carpenters
Iron work, glass*. Blazing, painting, etc., for
same, on same: 529. 075. •
Same 'owner with Jesse H. Steers {con
tractor), architects f=amc — Plastering for«same,
on came: *1>177. . . . . -.
Same owner with William S. Snook & fcon
(contractors), architects same— Plumbing for
same, en sar-.e.
Same owner with Joshua Hendy Machine
Works t contractors), architects same— Electric
wiring for same, on same; $4900.
Same owner, with John G. Sutton & Co.
(contractors), "architects fame— Heating, etc.,
lor same, on same; $22ii2.
Same owner with Brode & Clark (contract
ors), architects wame— Structural steel find Iron
for same, on same; $255(5.
Alamedn County. .
Caroline Becht'l to Ida Emily Bechtel
(daughtei), lot on N line of Twelfth street, 100
W of Broadway, W 50 by N 100, Oakland; also
lot en NE corner of Wenster and Durant
or Nineteenth streets. <N 100 by E CO; also
lot on N line cf East Twenty-iseventh street.
HO W of Twenty-first avenue, W 140 by ni
140, block 1)2. Northern Addition of Brooklyn.
East Oakland; gift.
Julia P. A. Prather to Minnie C. Deal, lot
er. E line of Euclid street, 10 S from line di
viding lots 5 and 6, block 1, thence SE 60 by
NE 140. portion aforesaid lot 6. block 1. subdi
vision 1, Adams Point property. Oakland; $10.
Emily S. Smith (single) to Dv Ray Smith,
lot (t, block U, Peralta Heights, excepting E
o5 Net said lot, formerly t>old by John J. Sul
livan, the grantor of this grantor. East Oak
land: grant.
Nflla G. and Dv Ray Smith to Ida B. Win
ter (wife of R. D.), same. East Oakland; $10.
Piedmont Building Association to Arthur E.
Caldwell, lot 23. block X, Central Piedmont
Tract, Oakland Township; albo portion lot 22,
block X, lying NE from line parallel to and
distant at right angle 10 SW from NE boun
dary line of said lot 22, same, Oakland Town
ship; $10. ! , ;
P. J. Beck (widower) to James E. Kearney,
lot 2U. block J. subdivisions blocks I, J and
L, Harmon Tract, Berkeley; $10.
William H. and Frances Macklnnon to Ar
thur P. Holland, lot on S corner of Oakland
street and Santa Clara avenue, SW 20.0 by SE
12i», portion lot 1, block I. Flint Tract No. 4.
portion Oakland Heights. Oakland; $10.',
Holcomb, Breed & Bancroft to Joseph T.
Hinch. lot 22 Santa Fe Tract No. 12, Oak
land; ?10.%
Fernando Hutchlnson to Thomas Moran. lots
102 and 103. • bloi-k E, Vlncente Peralta Restr
vation Tract. Oakland; ?000.
James R. and Sarah A. Davis Jto Addle C.
Carringtcn, lot beginning at' point on N line
of lot S. distant '.).! W from NE - corner,' of
said lot 18, S 50 to S boundary line of said
lot 8 W to SW corner thereof. N to NW corner
thereof. E to beginning, being W portion of
lot 8.- block E, Map 3. Hlllegass Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
Peter S. and Emma J. Eastman to same,
lot beginning nt point on N line of lot 7,
distant W SO from NE corner of said lot 7,
S . r .O to line dividing lots 7 and S. W to SW
corner lot 7. N to NW". corner, lot 7, E to
beginning, being W portion of lot 7, E of
same. Berkeley: $10.
Gertrude L. and Daniel E. Dowllng and fc.va
P. Leonard (single) to Samuel Igllck. lot on SE
corner of Thirty-fifth (Walton) and- Grow,
streets, thence along Thirty-tlfth. 100. S
120:3 W IMS N 120:3. lots 3. 4 and 5. block
A Central Land Company, warranty deed,
Oakland; *10.
P.obcrt L. Hoffman (single) to Marion Calder
wood. lot on S line of Joy - (or Sixty-third)
Btrtet 440.15 W of Colby. W 34 by S IC<». b-lng
W 34 feet of lot 11,' block I. Roberts & Wolf
sklll Tract. Oakland; ?10.
Orln B and Edith Frlsble to Grace B. Me
rum, NE 40 feet of lot 1«. map portion oi
Hltrblnnd Pr.rk, Oakland; $10. '
John H. Delahanty to C. E. Peterson, lot on
E Uno of Thomas avenue.' 50 N of Florence
street. N 50 by E 100. lots 40 and 47. block
D Brcadway Terrae?. Oakland; $10.
'Henry Alexander- (administrator of the es
tate of ETr.tlle Alexander) to MHnuel M. Gon
ealves. lot on N lino of Laurel (or Twenty
fifth) street. 317 E of, Telegraph avenue (since
widening said avenue),- E 25 by N 11S:6,
being WiJS of lot 10. map of Lincoln & Web
ster Homestead. Oakland: $1250.
William B and Mary E. Irwln to John M.
and Annie J. Cockerton. lot on W line of
Filbert street, 100 S of - Thirtieth, S 50 by W
12.", lot 22. block A, Golden Gate Homestead,
Oakland: ?10. •
A. P. and Emma'AmarPl to J. H. Lange.
lot on SW line of East Twenty-rtxth stre«t.
117:0 SE of Nineteenth avenue. SE 30 by SW
140. block 84 of Northern Addition to town of
Brooklyn. East Oakland: 510.
Elizabeth H. Spear (widow) to Tillle Ro*e
Spear, lot "n 15 line of Sherman street, 174
N of Berkeley way. N 50 by E 134.65. lot 20.
map of Twltchell Tract, Berkeley; gift: .
Anna P. Keen? (wife i of Edward George) to
Edward George Kcene (husband), lot on S line
of Enclnal avcnui» (as widened to S3 feet).
IS3 E of Grand, S 140 by E 45, lot 2, block
G, Oak Park, Enclnal of AJameda, except
10 feot, taken for widening said avenue, Ala
meda; SlO. . , V \u25a0 -
CUSTOM-HOUSI. ZJHPLOYES
MAY AVEAR SUMMER HATS
SctTclnrj- ShfliT Modifies His Red Cap^
Order Between June 1 and Sep- \u25a0
lember IS.
Secretary. Shaw - has issued .an order
authorizing officers - and others In the
customs service' who are required to
wear uniform, to wear, during the sum
mer months, from June 1 to September
15, a straw or suft felt hat of suitable
style, to be determined by the collector
at each port, the style to be the same
for all; at the port.
It is apparent from the Secretary's or
der, that he has not been dissuaded from
carrying into effect the . instructions is
sued early iii the year requiring certain
clatses »of employes -to wear red caps
when on duty. While the red caps. have
not yet been received at this port, they
are expected shortly. Several ; of
local politicians have been in Washington
lately trying to convince Mr. Shaw that
some color other than J red I will ' be more
agreeable to the . customs force. .
To all callers the Secretary ! has said
that he sees no feasonfe^ modifying his
original order. Mr. Shaw concludes his
latest order as follows: r'. 'All uniformed
employes must be provided with- the reg
ulation cap. -notwithstanding this^author
ity to wear hats ; ln summer."— New York
Commercial.. • J '
Loose. Enf orcrmrnt *of Uw.
The pusillanirnlty of public- officials,
according to the slate ; Senator Ingalls.
is- the curse, of the jcouritry.'. The. law
is plenty strongr enough. -but its human
agents arfitoo^weak and. cowardly., The
public welfare • arid ; their isworri^obU-
Katldns count. for little agrainst' private
interest * or. political Influence. "This
state, of things, which; is '•; al most -Tun-.'
known * abroad. \ is" so*- widespread as '<to
be almost .universal In America, and* it
especially 'obtains 'in * the large , cities.
Looseness; in; enforcing 1- law -was
the foundation '•'. of ; Macaulay's : predic-:
tion '\u25a0-.' that : when ' larpe cities grew vp \u25a0. in '
America .they L r would,'. furnish « the / seed
of the decay of 'the Kansas
PRESIDENT'S SON
TEACHES CLASS
Theodore^ Koosevelt Jr. Ad
• vises Group of Young
sters in Sunday School
TALKS LIK E HIS FATHER
Boys Are Urged to Keep in
Good . Bodily Health and
to Improve Themselves
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OYSTER BAY, July 30.-Seven boys of
Oyster Bay are members of a Sunday
school . class taugrht by Theodore Roose
velt Jr. To-day was Its second Sunday.
All of the other boys wished they were
in it. The seven boys who belong: to It
get to church an. hour before Sunday
school opens. . - \u25a0 -
5 Theodore Roosevelt J.r., not yet out of
hlsj teens, has much of the earnestness
and vigor of his father, and he has en
tered Sunday school work with the en
ergy his father shows in his larcer office.
The Roosevelts have been members of
Christ Episcopal Church at Oyster Bay
for years.
When youns Theodore, with his Bible
under his arm, walked briskly up the
gravel path to the Sunday school this
morning a cluster of clean-faced young
sters, grouped about the door, exclaimed,*
"There's Mr. Roosevelt." and hurried in
side. Theodore Jr. escorted his cousin.
Miss Christia Roosevelt, who teaches an
other class, and they were chatting gayly
as they approached the church.
TheNUass that Theodore Roosevelt Jr.
teaches is a bright, healthy lot of youns
sters. After the opening exercises Koose
velt first asked them how they ali felt,
and they promptly responded:
"Pretty well, thank you."
"That's good," said the teacher, earn
estly. "Boys ought to' be in very good
health. They, must take care of them
selves."
"Yes, sir." they assented.
Then the President's son opened his
Bible, turning to the fifth chapter of
Kings 11. He read very slowly the story
of how Naaman was cured of leprosy by
Elisha by dipping himself seven times In
the river Jordan. After this the Presi
dent's son had a flfteen-mlnute chat with
the youngsters. ' %
CAPTAIN AND CREW OP BRITISH
SHIP ARRESTED IN ALASKA
United States) Marnhal Take* Them Into
Custody for Violating the Cus
tom* Lotts. .
SEATTLE. July 30.— The British ship
Josephine, Captain J. P. Heffler, from
Vancouver. B. C, has been seized by the
United States Marshal at Ketchikan,
Alaska, and the captain and crew
thrown in Jail. The vessel landed a
cargo from a Canadian- port at an
American port without a permit •
PAPER nOTTLEV A D VISED
FOR MILK CONTAINERS
Fever Bacteria Found in Them and
They Are Xiot to Be
. Refilled.
The many disadvantages of. the glass
milk bottle, as now almost universally
employed, are well, known. One oc. the
most serious, is .the difficulty. In securing
proper cleansing before it is refilled, with
the accompanying possibility of spread
ing Infection. Efforts to secure improve
ment in this detail of milk service have
heretofore been unsuccessful, mainly be
cause of failure to obtain a satisfactory
substitute.
Recent investigations by Dr. A. H.
Stewart of ' the bacteriologic department,
Philadelphia Bureau of Health. Indicate
that at last an acceptable container* has
been found in what he designates as a
single-service paper milk bottle. It Is
made of heavy spruce wood fibre paper,
conic in shape to facilitate nesting, and
with, an ingenious locking device -to re
tain the bottom.
An important feature of the bottle is
its saturation with parafln by being drop
ped in that substance at 212 degrees
Fahrenheit and then baked. This steril
izes the bottle and prevents the milk
coming in contact with the paper Itself
and adhering, as it does to the glass bot
tle. For shipment the bottles, are packed
In nests of twenty, three nests being
sealed In a sterile bag. the lids are also
put up in sterile packages.
Bacteriologic tests with sample bottles
were exceedingly satisfactory. As re
ceived from th 2 manufactory, none was
found to contain micro-organisms. Closed
bottles were s'.nt to several dairies near
Philadelphia, a glass bottle being filled
with the=«ame lot of milk. When re
ceived at the bureau the glass bottles in
variably showed slight leakage around
the caps; the paper bottles did not." -.
In every instance tho milk In the paper
bottle contained fewer bacteria than did
that in the glass bottle, the average be
ing a fourth as many as in the latter.
Certified milk in the paper bottles kept
sweet two days longer than that in the
glass bottlfs. If these paper containers
give such results in general use the de
livery of, milk in cities bids fair to be
revolutionized. They are. light, tightly
sealed, perfectly 'clean- and sterile, and
are to be used but once, thus doing away
with all bottle-washing In private houses
and milk depots. '
Their "cost is such thnt they may be
used without increasing the price of milk
to the. consumer.' -The subject is one that
should at once.be thoroughly investigated
to, determine if everyday itsc . confirms
these laboratory findings, i If it. does" a
great advance has been made.—Washing
ton Star. . •• \u25a0
Dr. Frnnk Crone's EpijcrnmM.
There ls.nb»real beauty but perfection.
"WhateveY isfinished. is. beautiful..
Evil things seem beautiful only to the
uncultured soul. --"• ~ \u25a0 . .
;\\*e ttlscovcr by and by that what, we
moan by Christianity.. ls the deepest cul
ture. ;v.; v . : \;;. \u25a0\u25a0;. '\u25a0 \u25a0 ' ;^~*v
Greatness cf soul is the result - t of
strength which ha«s-bccr>me beautiful. In
Jesus \u25a0) we ] know | not whether to admire
most the. gentleness of his strength or
thn strensrthof his gentleness.-. \u0084
Solomon's Temple was the house made
by . man for God ; the. human- body is; the
temple God makes for Himself : hence the
perfect human, form is the most beautiful
of God's creations.*: .- " . .
.ilnlpurlty i«n" cataract' ln. the eye of the
soul; only the -pure . In \u25a0. heart shall see
God.,;;/,; XV' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0..:-..' \u25a0'\u25a0' '\u25a0 -' ' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
The i>rnlshment of sin is that it cannot
see jroodness. , ' . , . ' . ' ;", . ,-,
* There Is a real 'and Indubitable "connec
tion between the moral, sense . and the in
' tellect : ; only a clear : conscience can \u25a0 dis
cern and welch. moral':' distinctions and
values. "The rea^onln? functional* evilly
derane»d hy an immonl obsession.— New
York Press. ,';\u25a0 ' ." ' .fv \u25a0; '-.; . :.
A married, Italian -couple who left
their lodgings at Avclllno, without pay
ing- their rent because they thought the
house Vas hauntedi have "been fined
$100. .The Judgc ; ruled: that"'- .modern
science does not ' recognize the * exist
ence, of ghosts. '.
U ATHENS.' JuIy-. "{O.—M. . B»au«lurU. Minister
c-'.;.; Marln*. hn^> been -appointed Mlnl«ter- of
War," and M. ! Delyannl*. a nephew of. the I late
premier.'. \u25a0 ha« '• been \u25a0 given the . portfolio of Min
ister, o* Marine. .. :
cfluc tiorv Ba ley
By E. CURTIS
Ladies' Fashionable Garments
Imperative Sale on Account of Positive Retirement From Business.
I HAVE BEEN INSTRUCTED BT I
KELLY & LIEBES, 120 Kearny St.
To convert their Stock and Fixtures Into Cash Without Limit or Reserve tor th.c Beat Prtc«
obtainable. ;vV . . \u0084
The Goods are Positively Up to Date and will b« cold
Piece by Piece to tha Highest Bidder
The Stock consists In p.rt'of Black Jackets. Silk Dresse,. ™«£,^ M £Jl- I 1% < Sk *%£•«?
Dresses, Covert Jackets. Cravenette*. Sep»rate hklrts. J^^*> t-JX Brtt* cSliaw etc*
Shawls, Baby Coats and Caps, Underwear for Ladles and t W'^Pv^'*";.^" 9 - Zn ' ete *
FIXTURES: CTcak Hangers. Show Forms. Mirrors. Tables. Desk. Shelving, etc
Sale will be;!n TUESDAY, AU6. I at II i. m. and .foliowhi drs until al! Is soil
Seats will be provided for buyers. CURTIS. Auctioneer. •
Terms (.ash. . •
nv ORDER OF
JOHN MERRELL Of Reno
I WILL. SELL
100 Head of the Best Lot of Horses
Ever offered In the market. They are v«nr
gentle and wellbred: will weigh from 1000 to
1400 pounds.
Also a lot of well-matched teams of blacks,
hays ?nd chestnnt sorrels. .
These horses have Just arrived and can t>»
seen at any*tlme at the
Western Horse Uauet. 220 Yalenncla St.
Don't forpet th« data
THIS DAY
MONDAY, July 3j - - II A. M.
Every horse ufftrfd will b« sold regardless
of i*rlcv _^_____
»v^ AUCTION SALE— Wednesday. August
2. at 11 «. m.. Arcade Horsa Market. 357
Sixth street.- I will sell :« rood all purpose
hor!»*s: cne rood business buggy and three
gond ton and a half 3-sprlng wagons; single
and dnubl- harness. JOHN J. DOTLE, Auc-
tloreer. -
Limited Pot» rr of tbe President.
A dispatch from Rome states that Sen
ator Bacon of Georgia was received In
private audience last Wednesday by tha
King of Italy, who in the course of the
conversation remarked that a President
of the United States has more power than
a Kins of Italy. Probably the Georgia
statesman Improved the opportunity and
described to the Italian monarch the sys
tem of government in this republic. The
powers of a- president, as defined and
limited by the constitution, are not such
as to constitute a menace to our institu
tions. The President cannot declare war.
That is the privilege of Congress. He
cannot levy internal taxes or duties on
imports. The taxing power is vested In
Congress. He cannot appropriate the
revenues of the Government, for Con
gress along can authorize expenditures.
He cannot enter into treaties without the
approval of the Senate. These are checks
upon the chief magistrate which strip
him of anything like absolute power.—
Baltimore Sun.
AIIAV A Y TB ATOL.
HCALIFORNI A UMITEDj
|CMICAGO T |N 3 DAYSi
I ] Lenves Mondays and Thursdays at B
nD :t:"0 a. m. with Diners and Sleepers. B
Other Santa Fe Trains:
it :oo: oo Vm" i for Stcckton, Fresno. Bakersfield,
jJiawa." m-j \u25a0' M * rc ' d - Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:uop. m. For otucktoa.
7:30 a. m- 5 Direct connection for Tosemlt*
5»:30a. m. ', Valley unU the Bis Trees.
'j :.*0 a. m. J For Kar.aas City. Grand Canyon
8:00 p. m. ' and. Chicago.
9:30 a. m. \ For Oaki)a!e and points on • Sierra
I Railway.
Ticket Offices — 653 Market st. and Ferry Depou
San FrancUco: al*o 1112 Broadway. Oak-
.' land, Cal.: also 27 South First. San Josa.
CALIFORNIA MKTH WESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbnron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SA.V FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:-0. S:OC 9:CO. 11: CO a. m.;
12:35. 2.30. 4:WV 5:ll>. S:JO. «:30 and II.M
• i». m. \u25a0
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O. ,«:<io. 0:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
1.-.IP. 2:.":0. 3:40. .V.O. 0:50; 7:25. 11:30 p. m.
SA.V RAFAEL. TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
Wi-jiK uaYs— 6:os. O:SV. 7:33. ,7:50. B:2v.
l»:2f. 11-li a. in.: 12:50. t'-:00. 3:40." 5 :oo,
5:20. ?&:2S. t!:2u p. in. Saturdays — Extra.
trip at 1:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:&«>. 7:35. S:2O. 0:20. 11:15 au m.;
1:4.">. 3:40. 4:5u. 5:00, s:2i>. 5: -5. 0:20, IIOU.
"•'.S i>. m. tKxcnt Saturdays.
L-ave j In Ktlect I Arrive
Ean K'un. I May 1. -19U3. I San Fran.
Wok j bun- | Oei»una- I Sun- I Week
1 l>ay«. I days. I tlon. I days. | Days.
— —^^
7:l)u* 7:45 a 7:43 a.
\ 7:30 a S:C0» 8:10 a 8:40 a
0:10 a 0:10 a
!>:oi>a y.:;oa \u25a0 ltnaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Z:M v '2:M i> 6:00 p Or-'op
4 :(.O p
t:lup s:lip 6:20 p 7:20 p
7:20 p
8:50 p
F 7 ::«•»{ 7:.:oa| -Napa. _ |U:10a|&:10a
4:(>opt .t:l<»|i| I 6:20 pl 6:20 p
7:50*1 T:.;oa J 1 7:45 aj 7:43 a
; s:in» SCO»' Novato. 10:20 ail 0:20 a
2:::0 i\ O:.".O n Petaluma r.:l'Op «:2t> p
b:lu !•] 2:.*<o p and 7:20 p 7:20 p
> .%:10ii ; ?»nt^ Rosa.- 8:50 p
! 7:.%0»| 7:bOH 10:20 a 10:20 a
, K:i<oa 8:00 a Fulton. 7:20 p 6:20 p
I ,2 :\u25a0•:«• n) 2::»>p .- 8:50 p 7:20 p
"-"\u25a0'.' Windsor,
\u25a07:30 d -7:COa H^aldsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. - '
, 2:30p 2:30 p GeyfervlUe. 7:20 p 7:20 p
I rioverdale.
T::fOa| 7:.tOa| HopUnd 110:20 a|10:2O a
g;::op[ y;{ftpl ... and-L'klah. i ( 7:2Qp1,7:20p
I - - \u25a0 I Willlts. \u25a0 - I I
7:.T> «' "soul Sherwood. { 7:20 p[ 7:20 p
| .s:CUbI S:00 a|" Gwrnevllle and '10:20 a[lo:2Ua.
r:Sftp' •_ > :HOp l r»r.:i. Vacation. | 8:50 p| 6:20 p
Viw>a| b-OOaf 8:4Oa S:4t)a
5:10 pj '.fZO aj fcr.cma. 6:00 p 6 - 200
t Ttrift |.| Clen Ellen. B:sop|
7 ::«•!«, •:•;>"»: 7T~~ 10:20 a 1O:2O a
V:.T>p 2:30p 7:20 p 6--H) D
.'i:in pi fr:l<» Pi
STAGES connect at Santa Ro*a for Whits
gulphur Springs and Mark West Springs- at
Fulton for Burkes *>an!tnrluru: at Lyttoa' for
Lytton Springs: »t Geyserviili. f or * Ska»g»
springs: at Clovetdal. for the Geyaen. Boone
vllW-«ndJßre#nwood: at HopUnd to? tn£™~
tprlnns. Highland f-prlngs. Kel«yvJlie.^ CarU-
l>ad Springe. "Soda Buy. Lakeport and BartletT
j^prlaKs: aVVknah for Vl-hy Spring,. Sa?ato "
,rin(..«. H ue Lakes.. Lau»«l Dtrll Lake7\viu«r
Springs. : L'PP'r Lake. 1\,.n0. Potter V, it
John DayV Llerley>. , Hullvllle. Orr". h^l
jjprtng*. Hnlfway Hou«. Cotnptche. HopkH^
jf.ndoclno Ctty. Fort Bragg. Westport uial-
at WllHls for Hwrtrind Sawyer; .tSherwSd
tor Westport. Cshto. Covelo. LaytonvlHi c?l2r
Jnlns.Hell 1 - Spring.. Harris. ' Olseni SIS'
Oarberv.lVe. . Pep^rwood. .Camp's. Scot U and
Eur<ka. -•-.;\u25a0- , . . . "**
to Monday round-trip tickets at r«.
ductd rat*s -' ' '\u25a0 \u25a0 -, - \u25a0 ..
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
twyynd =an Rafael at half rates. . I
\u25a0hcket office. MO Market »U««t. Chronicle
ituiiuiixs. ••- •- » - *
JAS.^AGLER. IR. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pa»» Agt.
IViT.TAiVfALPAis Railway
JLT L Uafria a>? _[ rfyjgW | Ar.fra Franco |
W«. Jtjt i Saadtji M@sHps^A Saadiji Tk. B»j»
\u25a0«.Kn" 2 : if*,^^Sßßt 11:3 " 3A3 A 10-^Oa'
v«;3!lrl 3:48f! 1 M *mi\i Ti»t 1 8:3-.» i» 11;25i»
•SwSm 1650.-1 65O .-V ARKET St..(NotUi Shore Railroad)
\u25a0 n«ICBn «ICB J aad Sausauto Feuy. Foot Market S» l
*> DON'T forget the blgr sale Tuesday, Au.
•^"^ rurt 1. 11 a. m.. at 1140 Folsom street,
of a lot of horses, mares and all kind* of
wagons, surreys, bugles, carts and all kinds
of slujcle and double harness. WM. CXOUGH.
Auctioneer.
RAIXWAY TRAVEL.
# Trains leave and are da* •
to arrlre at
SAN FRANCISCO.
\u25a0 ....
From Jcxs 25. 1505.
rxRJtT DIPOT
(Foot of Market Street)
IJULTB- MAIN LINE. -AH"»
7-OOAKlmlfu. Vocavtlle, Winters. Rumsey 7-43»»
/.00a Richmond. Benlctn. si«crsmento,
bui»ua and War Stations 7-28P
740 a Vallejo. .Napa. Callsto.'S, Santa
Rosa, Martinez. Sun Itamoa ..... B.OBP
7.40a X11e«, Pleusantoi). Ltrermoie,
Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 7-23?»
B.ooa Shasta Express — (Vl» Pavls).
Wllllims, Willows. tFTuto, Red
Bluff, Portland. Tacotna. Seattle. 7-43*
S.GOaDavls, Woodland. KnUhts Landing,
JlarjuvUle. OrorHle 7.48*
8.20 a Martinet, Antloch. Byron. Traej.
Stockton, .\>kimh, Los Banot,
Mendota, Armona, Huaford, i A ««_
Vlsalla. rorterTlllo. \ Ya*L
8.20 a Port Costa. Lathrop. Merced, Mo- ' w *"* a "
desto, Uaymond. Fresno, Ban-
ford. VUalla. Dnk^rsfleld 448^
8-40 a >"Ile», Saa Jose. UTertnorc, Stock-
ton (tMllton). Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, PlarerTtlle,
Colfax. Mary «vl!i-. Hed 81uff .... 4.03?
8-40AOakdale. Chinese. Jamestown,
Sunurn. Titoluinn? and Ane»l.'... 4.08P
9TOa Atlnntlc Express— Oedcn and East. 4.28 f
9-40Anichmr>nd, Port Costa. Martin ex
and Way Stations (tCnneord) .... 6.435*
10.20 a Vallejo, Dally. X*pa, Sunday only 7.43P
10.20aLos Angelcii Pa*»eneer — Port
Costn. Martinez. Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton, Merced.
liaymond. Fresno, Gofthcn Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore, VUalla,
Bakefjfleld, Los Angeles 7-03 i»
10.20 a El Paso. Kansas City, bt. Louis aad
Chicago 7.08P
11.00ATh« Oyerland Limited— Omaha,
Chicago, Denver. Kansas City... 8.48p
11.40aX1Ics, Saa Jo»« and Way Station*. 2-48p
t1 .00p Sacramento Elver Steotncrs til.OOP^
3.4Qpl>nlcla. Winters. Sacramento. •
Woodland. Knisht* Landlas.
• MarysTlllo and Orovlllo 10.48 a
3.4opHayward. Nllcs, and Way Stations 7-48i>
4-OCp Vnllejo. Martinez, San Ramon,
Napa. CallstoiM, Santa floxa 9.28 a
4.oopN*llcs. Tracy, btocktoa. Lodl. 10.28 a
4.40p Hay ward. Kile*. Irvlngton. Saa V ta.43A
1 Jose, LlTermore > $11.48 a
S.OOpTbe Owl Limited— Newman, Los
\u25a0 Banos. Mendota. Fresno, Tulare.
I BaScersfleld. Los An&eles 8.48 a
5.00p Chicago and St. Louis Special— El
rnso, Kansas City, St. Louis aad
Cntcaito ; 8.48 a
ts.2oPllavvrard, Xtlcs and San Jose 7.08 a
s.2opVaiieJo. I'urt Conta. Bcntcla, Sul-
V sun, Sacramento 11.28 a
6-03 p Eastern Express— Omaha. Chtcar o,
Denver. Kansa* City, St. Louts,
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento,
Reno. Sparks. Montello. Ostdea .. 12.43P
B.2Qpnaywar(i. Nile* anil Sun Jose 9-43 a
7.QQpr.eno PassenEer— Port Custa. Be-
ntctn. SuUiin, rinilri. l>lxon,
Davis. Sacramento, S;>*rfcs, Tono-
pah. GoldOeld andKeoJcr 7-C3A
7.4opPort Costn, Sfartlne3.nyron.Tracy.
i Modesto. Merced. Fresno 12-08P
,7-40PTo»« > mlte and Jfsrfpo^a Bl(j Trees
, (via Raymond-Wanrona ICoute}.. 8.48 a
. 7.43pVallejo. Sunday only 11.13.x
B.2QPOrej<on St California. Express — s«c-
ramcnti>. Marysville. Reddlny.
, Portlaod. Puget Sound and Kast. 8.48 a
B. OOP Hay ward, Nile* and baa Jose ( -un-
dayonly) til 48a
COAST LINE (Jiarn.tr tl*ng»).
(Foot of Market Street.)
\7.4sASanta Crux J.xcur.-luu (Sunday
' only) 9.18^
8-ioANewßrt. Ccntcrvllle. San Joso.
Feiton. P.otiVlrr Crrck. Santa,
Cruz end Way Station* 5-55P
tB-15A»^ark, San Jose. Fclton, Boulder
I Creek. Santa Cruz t7-59P
t2.lsP27ewark. Centenrlllc. San Jcse,
New Alinaden.Li>sGatoft. Feiton,
Boulder Crrek. Santa Cruz and
. Principal Way Stations 10-65*
4.lspNewarl;. San Jose. Los Gatos,
Wrleht ... tS.SSA
4.1 6 P Saturday and Sunday for Feiton,
Boulder Creek. Snnta Cruz ft B 55 a
COAST LINt! (HroaU *.»««•;.
fl>"(Thlrd and T nwnsend Street*.)
6.10 A San June r.ml Way btntl<>nn 8 SOf
tT.^nASan Jose and Way Stations 5-40P
7.lsa Monterey. Santa Cruz Excursion f
(Sunday only) 10.10P
B.OHANew Alraadcn (Tne*.. Fri.. only).. 4.10P
8-OOATae Coa*ter— San Jo*e. Salinas,
San Ardo, Pam> Kohles. Santa
Marxartta. >.ia Lnls Oblspo,
Guadatnpn. GaTlota, Santa Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura. Oxnard.
Buruante, !,o* Ansrulcs 10-30P
8-00AGltroy. H..111.-tcr. CastroTtllo. Del
Monte. Paullla Grove, barf.
Lompoc 10. 30*
B>oOa San Jo*<\ Tres Plnos. WatsonTllle,
Capitol*. Santii Cruz. PaclSe
Grore. Salinas. San Luis Ohlspo
and Principal Way Stations 4.109
+9. 00 a Lo» Gatoo. Wright. Boulder Ciwek.
via Santa Clara and Karrow
Gautre t7.4flP
10.30a San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... I.2CP
11.30 a San Joso and Way Stations 7.40p
2.lsP^«n Jose and Way Stations 8-3Sa
t3OCPDcI Monte Express — Santa Clara,
Sun Jose, WateosTtlle, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey
PaeldcGroTe t12.15*
t3o3pLosG<tto«. Wrtxht. Bimlder Creek. X
Sant* Cms, y[% Santa. Clara aad - }
Narrow Gauee 10.43 a
3-30PSoiith San Frnnelseo. San Jose. *
Gllroy. Hoiitster. Tres Plnos.
WatsonTtlle,Capttola.SantaCrnz* , .
Salinas, Monterer, Pacific Grove. 10.45 a
4.3CPSan Jo*e and Way Station* t7-SoA
15 OCPbanta <;isra, Saa Jose. Los Gatos,
- Wrfeht.. W-riPi,
15-30pSan.Io«e and l*rtnctpal Way Stations 59.40 a
6>4SpSunset Ktprcss— tied wood, San
Jose. Gllroy. Salinas. Paso
Itohles, San Lnts Ohtspo. Santa
Barbara, Los Ancrelcs. Demlngr.
E! Paso, Xew Orleans 9.10 a
5.45pE1 Paso. Kansas City. St. Lonls,
Cbtcafro 10.30>
B4spPajn?o. Watson rille. Capitol*.
Santa Cruz. Custrovllle. Del* Mft.lOP
Monte. Pacific Grove f tlO-3Ct» \u25a0
\u25a0J6.1 spSaap Saa Mateo, Bercsford. Boimont,
San Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Part. Palo Alto t6-48A
6.3opSaa Jose and W»y Stations 8.38 a
800pPalo Altowd Way St»tton» 10.15 a
1 1.30PSouta San Francisco. MtUbrae, Bur-
Itngame. San Mateo, Belmont.
San Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 5.43f»
11.30PSaturdays only for Mayfleld. Moim-
ula View, Sunnyralr. Lawrence. •
Snnta Clara and Sag Jong 19-43P "^
OAKLAND HARBOR I ERRY
(Foot of MurtetSt.^
1 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p. m. 300 p.m. 5.18 p.m.
! A for Morntnsr- P for Afternooa.
tSunday excepted. JSoaday only.
bMonday only.
t Daily, and stops at all stations on Sanday.
ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERofEtc.
Ifgff^fffiSW*^' Via Sausallto Kerry
SUBURBAN* SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
L-«c»rt w««i *»»»• * l \u2666 :w '- 'i* 3 - »:25. U:10i
»io 11:00 a. m.: li':=w. I:«. 3:11. 4:ua. S:IX
e'Sj «>:3U. 7:l*. B:<X* 10:ia » B «» »»-^» P- m.
'u^Dart Sunday* and holidays at 7:13. 1:43.
815 8:45. w:»3. »:\u2666*» 10-I*. l»:*i. 11:15. 11:43
: 5 itSiH. tliiXatSU. IM3. r:l3. 2:45. aria.
S-45 4:15, 4:i3. 3:16. 5:43. «:13. «:43. 1:13.
,7:43. 3:15 for Saukalltu unly). 9:«0. ltf:l3,
11:33 o.m.
For Fairfax, week dayji — 7:43 a. m.. Z:U
d. m . 5:15 P. m. Sundnvs and holidays—
7:43. 8:43. 9:13. 10:15. nMS a. :^.. 1:13, p. m.
THF.OUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily — Ouati«t« »uu way stations.
i»:15 a. m. aunday* *ud Holiday* — Point
R«)c». «tc.
3:13 p. m. daily ttxeept Sunday) — For Caza«
dero. etc. - , \
5:13 p. m. dally (except Sunday) — For Polat i
R«)*». «tC. . » <
•8:15 B. re. Sundays aad Holidays lor Cuv
"TICKET OFFICE— e3O Market «t.
FERRT— Union Depot, foot or Marks* «USPORTS
OUTLAW HORSES
MAY BE BARRED
Report That Williams Will
Allow Them to Run Here
Is Said to Be Misleading
RUMOR OF BLACKLIST
California Turf Magnate
Takes Down Barrier to
Guarantee Him Entries
Special Difratch to The Call.
CHICAGO. July CO.- A report that the
California Jockey Club will not
away horses wlvch race at Highland
i'&rk. Fort Erie and certain other
tracks, sent out from Buffalo last week,
i.i said to be a little misleading accord
ing to an official of th*» Western Jorkey
Club. This official Fays It has been
agreed that President Williams may ac
cept entries in California from many oi
those who have raced en the American
Turf Association tiacks in order that he
may be sure of securing enough horses
for the San Francisco nport.
But not all horses will be permitted
In the far West. Williams is in posses
sion of a special black list, ,the names on
which are not made public. In this way
the Western Jockey dub evidently plans
to get even with- certain leading turfmen
on the side of the enemy, and in order
to di"oid possible legal complications no
official action of this kind has gone on
the books.
NEW YORK ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. July SO. — Following are
the entries for to-tnorro\y at Saratoga:
First race, six furlongs, three-year-olds end
up. tvllirig— Broadcloth 109, Czaiarhlne ICO,
Kir.# Pepper LOS,' Israelite 10S. Knight cf
Rhodes Iw, Zinda 101, Maryuis de Oarabap
105, OMertala Hit. Resa!Kl7. Councilman 10T>,
Major Pelham 102, Good Bye 102. Goldsmith
IC£. Sovereign 1C)», Gypztne 105, Jack Ratlin
10*. H^nrv B«t JOS.
Secor.d race, about two miles, the Ballgton
fter-plechape, $2000. Idur-year-olds and up,
fhort ccur&e — Steelmaker 132. Jim Newman US,
Jimrr.y Lar.e i:>fl. Caetalian iT.2, Don John 132.
Thjrd rao*, rive-an.i a half furlonits. The
Flash ttake*. *«v«<», three-year-olds — Account
ant 125. Wr.iicr 125. The Irishman 117. Penrhyn
{*\u25a0*?\u25a0 Quorum 122, Gsilavarit 122. Veljurs 117,
VI 8»-k If 117. K'.ametha- II 114, IX-n Diego
WT.-- Euriomaster 125.
• fourth race, one ajid a <auart»r miles. th«
Saratoga handicap- o r flO.C<K\ three-year-olds
«r. 1 Uf.— Alan-a-l.alp lla. Bad News 112. U'tld
Mirt 100, Beldame 120, Ort Wrlls 126. ".'augh
j.avapa UV>. McJ'.y Brant 114, Tanya Kit. Lord
of the Vale 114, Wuterlisrht ICS.
F:"'.^ race, one iniie. thre"?-year-ilds and
up. stiiing— Mad MuUali IC*>. Graylad b7, A»
<'•..?; m I'.'O, Eradley's Pfit '•'\u25a0>. ?her.aniioaii 104,
liMlair«sa fts. Cantfcen IW, Lady Ellison
•JO, Dinah Sna'd *ISA, The Gadfly TO.
>:x:i, iare. five «n4.a half furlonts, maid
en nvo-yoiir-t'ld» — Kltopia 112, Nintia 112, In
c!-.-:.:. n^. EteKlmoora.ll2. Blair Athoj 112,
. XfBK -KB*. Sandy !) 112. T«p tiail IC3. Peeping
:.Taa V.2. . . Adosl.* .112. -. Ncjstronw 112. Bell
&:,;.>;•;\u25a0: 12, <»r5:-.:i 112, Dave Ujwis 112.
\'.»^:V.t-r cKudy. Track iart.
\LU VOHiv SIiLIiCTIOXS.
')•:\u25a0 .VivYcrlt Mining Telegraph.)
Flr»! tzivi' LSroadclotli, C'raraphine (
tiaiafrt 61 r:;io«i<-s.
So<-»ii<l race— Jim .W-v oinu. Caxtaliniif
itfeliii - j!.tr.
'i'birct rsce — Hurpomanter, Account
;iat, Unn lilozo. ' '
I-'utirtb race — Ort \\>lla f Snnford cu
try, AIAD-a-D:*.lc.
Fifth race — Mad Mullah, Dinah Shad,
i'uutcen.
Sixth race— Bellsnlcker, Azure, Blair
Aihol. .
FORT KRIC ENTRIES.
FORT ERIE, July 30.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Ontario: -..'[
Firtt race, six furlcnge, thre«-year-olds and
v;.. sehlng— Blu!rh J<)4, Kingcrane 104.: Tony
Hart :C4. Tht Hawaiian 1(5. St. John 104.
Sani JO4. Ecuticmist US, Mh?:c 03. Stay Away
«3. Dutch Fri^aie 03, storm Scud M, - Edna
Sandnan ss. . ./ \u25a0:\u25a0'\u25a0 ... :•= \u25a0 . /.:,^.< :
Sf-cond race, four and a half furlongs, two
year-old filli**!'. selling— Buckle 104. Wistful
10:;. BantJ.P lvi. Kairy Flush > 101. Skepti
cal 101.' Lena Jones 101. Lucy Carr 101. Ocean
Brook 0V Sonnet 9?. Sweet Fla via US, Wee
Girl OS. Lady Ciiswiek S3. :>- ;^^ x J
Third rao«f, : mile and a sixteenth, threc
yctr-olds und vi: se"ing — Water Tower - 106,
LdtUe Gl?nt IW. W-eirdaome 10*, Ora Viva
l^r;. nay Llzzelte DP. Our Bessie 09. Bell • th«
C\pi».<7. MonDchord 5'S. Bugifr 04. Hunterdon
OS. iJixie Andrews S5. Red Light 65. rw- >
Fourth race, e!x fu: longs, three-year-olds,
selling — Moni* IC7. Kokomo 107. Yo San 107.
Small Talk 106, Alcantara 103. The Elba 104.
Inquisitive Girl 102. Bedlam 101. Odelot ICO.
The Lexington Leader 97. Depends 05, Miss
Affable 85. . \u25a0-\u25a0 -\u25a0.:: .-- :.- •:-/• •--.\u2666\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-:\u25a0„ :'\u25a0:. '.. \u25a0 :
Fifth race, five and a half tirlongs,'handl
cap, two-year-elds — Ohfyesa 10", Peter Sterling
106. Armistice 100. Away 100, Henry Waring
98. Cclonel Bronson 90, J X F 00. Charge S5.
(Couple Ohiyesa and Sterling. Brown entry;
couple Avray and Henry Waring. Bradley cn
try.r ••\u25a0'.. \u25a0 . \u25a0-.•\u25a0\u25a0• ' : '-, •?..\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0:• : -'• ! • -'•\u25a0:• \u25a0 •
Elxth rac«. six furlongs, three-year-olds and
\u25a0up, srlllng — Reeves 103. Lochgoil 107. Ghcst
106\ Vlnetldes IC6. Prairi* FJower II 104. Erl
cula 102. Fad* Meny &9, Iren© Brady 08.
Phoenix Cottase 05. Ar.t.ie Davis 97. Theodore
03. Magele Mackry 03. . . . . ;
Seventh race, mile and a quarter. .. three
year-olds and up. wiling" — Brocklya 109. Honda.
107. Prince of PUserf 10", Louis Kraft IC6,
Arab 105. Lou Woods 105 Harry Jfew 97. L*«
K!r.p.«3. Sari Ila S3. Flii. Born 01, Mamie Al
gol S!l. The Novice S3. . . ;. •„ ;\u25a0 .-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.:\u25a0\u25a0:
\u25a0 Weather cloudy; track, fart.'.'-,..- \u25a0">?'\u25a0\u25a0'-'\u25a0\u25a0-: \u25a0\u25a0'
POttTv EHXB SELECTIONS. 'V;
'-.•"'- (By Sfew Tork Morning Telegraph.) :.'.;
: First race— Edaa Sandman, ' Magic,
Star. Array. -i- r ; ...-' : - :'\- ; .^ur.'^Pv:^;:^^ \u0084•\u25a0
: Second race— Skeptical, aiari'd - : . P»
Oc*an Broots.- : X.-v:.;.-":.';';.----- : ' : : : :-- U.-. :\- :l : :^:V r: -'-'^-} :
Third rnce-i^hiJP: Beside, - : Oro \u25a0\u25a0'." Viva,
Monocliord. ; .<?.~/:-'-- ;•-..-\u25a0. \u25a0..% \u25a0^f-: : -::.':S : :- ; : .. ;'.-?:.i> '::. \u25a0' •' \u25a0 r
FourtTi race— Uepend»,Yo" San, ; The
L««x(nsrlon Leader. '\u25a0'\u25a0 ' . \u25a0> \u25a0 '-.'\u25a0's . -•'\u25a0'. '"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Fifth race— Drorrn'* 'entry, Bradler
entry. Col. iirocston. . i • :
Sixth race— Jlajrsrle Hackcy, Loeli-
KoII, Irene Brady. \u25a0 { \u25a0-; *.. .
Srveath race— Arab, Honda, Prince of
Fil.Neu. . C'S .
LATO.VIA -ENTRIES. *
CIXCIXXATI. July SO.— Following: are
the cr.trios for to-morrow at Latonia:
Xi^t rac»». f.ve furlongs, pume— Dudley 109.
«rovn ioi..Dr. Keith 10*. Li la II 104, Leo
11-.cht JUT. J. H. Montßomery 107. Sherrill 107.
Gtidmate 112. Henry Mom: 112.
Second race, crxj mils and fifty yards. • selling
—Ejss'Lre SS. Orinrit 94. Judge BauSey 07, Fon
toluca iii>. Hot »s. . Appl*'U9,° Chief Bush o'3.
Rian ;01. Male Har.lon 103/ J J T ICS.
Third nice, swen furlonjre, selling — Frank
Bill fi3. Frank Crecn 9S. Algonquin 100, Omeal
ca ICI. Mattie-H 105, Show Girl 107. Dunmons
U)7. Ike ICJ. Sailor's Drfara 100, Two Penny
110. . . \u25a0 ,
Fourth race. Etecp>chas*. ehorfcourse, han
dicap— Alice Commoner 125, Gun Straus VK;
Don«n.l 137. Itacatisra 13s, Martin Brady ,l3B.
i:\-ander I**. CreoHn 14$. jjm Bnzetmn'HS
(Couple Brady and Evander. Mearher entry).
Fifth race. «?ven t urlonrs. selling — Merino 91.'
Ro-wsia 91. Happy Jack II 86. Naran i»C,
Ix»uiso McFarlan I*7. Judge Traynor 101. MM
night Minstrel 103. The Laurel 102. Mint Bel
iO2 Hcbin Hooi 107. Foreigner IC7, Iri6b Jewel
joo". „-\u25a0'
£irth race, five furlonc*. purs* — Flagstone
100 Henry Her.uicks 100. rCeodeeha 112, Ro
raola 112. Hogan Xl 2.
Wtather clear; track fast.
LATOXIA SELECTIONS.
(By New -York Morning Telegrraph.).
Flr»t race— Gold Slate, Dr. Koith,
lAlm M.
Second rac«^— Rlan, Apple, Orient. :
Tblrd rare— Two Pcsnr, Ikr, Saflor'd
l r oortb rnce— -Bleacher entry, Itaca
tinra.
-jriftb race— Happy Jack, Rohmcsa.i,
. . .
race — H-^on, >eodesba, Ro
mola* i
AL AMEDA OARSMEN TAKE TWO RACES
PULL STEADY STROKE IN THE BARGE EVENTS
FLOWER GIRL
A FAST HOUND
Little Courser Outruns the
Fleet Panoche in Close
Contest at Union Park
Flower Girl was the speediest hound
in the running at Union Coursing Park
yesterday afternoon and in. a long test
\u25a0luring the final round of the big special
stake she managed to outrun the. fleet
Panoche and win by a score of 6-4. The
latter hound was a 2 to 1 favorite in the
betting and the victory of the Flower
Girl came like a solar plexus punch to
the wise ones. The stake was a fast on<»
all the "way through, each of the trials
being full of snappy coursing ana
clever turns by the dogs. •:
Blaze got away with the reserve
stake, shutting out Forest Fire in the
last round without a point. Marvic
Clair took on a burerbf r speed in the de
ciding course of the class reserve stake
and beat Tralee's BeSt out by one little
point. ; The hares were Vvery lively, lead
ing the dogs all over the field and, on
this account, there were an .unusually
large number of byes. Following are
the results, with Judge Reilly's official
scores: ' v ... ' -.: -, :; --: ; v'. : -' : r!-';' ; V.;:;;':-.-
Reserv« : stake, :..' first . : round— Ennle •* beat
Matchless Beauty,. 4-3; .Pactiaccl b?at Rock
Koller. IC-4 ; Forest Fire beat Tralee Girlj_ 7-4 ;
Peerless Polly beat. Rustic Anchor,. 3^; Terra
Cnta-beat Jack Short, 5-3; Angus Cissus, beat
Blue'Xarig, . »-2; Fl«ry Cross beat The Old
Peach. • 10.7; "La. Garcia beat Our. Motto. •.7-5;
Bartlgas beat The Roman, 7-5; Wild Uus beat
Roweiia Bella. S-6; Domestic Lad beat Milk
Maid. 4-3; Frisco Lad beat The Fighter, 10-8:
Jim Lamb beat Golden Idol. 8-0; Fetterless
beat : Texas Mamie. :; 5-3: Intruder beat Mont
Rose. .5-2; Sunnybrbok beat Miss Domestic,
JMJ: Crawtord Ilslle beat Luxury, I^7; Glaucus
beai Race King. 4-3: . Blaze beat War King,
S-o; Black Tralee beat Trinity Girl, 7-3; Four
Paw beat Hidden Hatred. 3-2; Ina Cissus b«at
Texas Jili, 2-0; Cieon beat Whoa Bill. 9-1;
Swwt Virginia beat Maid of the Qlen. 0-5. :>: > -
\u25a0 Sieond round — Ennls • beat \u25a0Pactiaccl. - 9-5:
Forest Fire beat Peerless Polly. .7-6; Angus
Oltsufc b»at Terra. Cotta,:-IQ-U; La Garcia beat
Fiery Cro s*. S-6; Wild Gus a bye. Bartigas
withrdawn; Domestic Lad beat Jim \u25a0 Lamb,
23-10: Frisco Lad beat Fetterless, 4-2; In
truder beat Sunnybrook. 6-1: Glaucus a bye,
rr&wford Belle withdrawn; Blaze beat -Black
Trake. 4-3: Four Paw beat Ina Clssm, , 9-3;
Sw«>st %'lrglnla a bye.: CUon withdrawn.' -\u25a0;v; v \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Third round— Forest Fire a bye. Ennis with
drawn: Angus Clseus a bye. La Garcia \u25a0 with
drawn; Wild Gus a : bye, : Domestic Lad with-,
drawn; 'lntruder beat Frisco Lad.' 5-I;. Four
Paw : beat Sweet: Virginia, 5-3; ;;Blare ; ; ;beat
GUucuf. i-O. :<-'\u25a0.:''\u25a0!';\u25a0\u25a0. i :;.' : ":- \u25a0V ; ;Vv;.. \u25a0=\u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0 •-•:•'; \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0.•..'
! ".-' Fourth round— Forest Fire beat Angus Cls
eus. 3-0; Intruder beat Wild Gus, 8-3; Blaze
beat Four Paw,-v-23-2.--;.'vr.-:-' -'H>-:;: \u25a0 : - : : ; .-\u25a0: \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' -
' Fifth round — Forest Fire beat: lntruder. 6-5;
EUze a natural bye. !> \u25a0\u25a0 - '• , \u25a0.;•'\u25a0.'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0::'\u25a0\u25a0
; Deciding course— Blaz* beat Forest : Fire,
10-O. ,-.;-: -.-.\u25a0,..\u25a0• ''<:-.'-:\u25a0 ,•'\u25a0\u25a0.. -\u25a0-.\u25a0 .-' .•\u25a0 :
Class .reser\*e stake, first round— Gold Chain
beat Ml Amigo. 6-0; L L C beat Muggsy.
3-7; Man-is Clan* beat Barney Rey, 7-3: Car-
Sow Boy beat Red Pepper, 3-1; Amsidan beat
Fiery Rock. 4-0: A«olus teat Bon Ami, 6-0:
Northern Flyer beat Renegade Apache, , 7-4 ;•
Tralee's Best beat False Alarm, 13-3. •.•-:\u25a0
Second round— Gold Chain beat L L C.' 2-0;
Man-Is 'Clair beat Carlow Boy, 4-3; Aeolua beat
Amandan. 16-11; Trale«'s Best b«at : Northern ;
Third round— Mar\-li Clalr beat Gold Chain.'
4.'2; Tralet'e Bert a bye. Aeolus withdrawn.:- :
Deciding .course— Harris Clalr beat Tralee's
Best. 4-3. 'V \u25a0'..'".\u25a0 H '\u25a0 'V' s^-'- !: ••\u25a0:•\u25a0.' "•/:. : ; " .- ••'.-• : •'\u25a0: '
Special stake.? first round — Gambit beat La'
Rosa. 3-0: Flower Girl beat Mr. Zignego.-t-O;
Hudson b*at The Referee. 3-5; Panoche beat
Barge. K-0. ; : :- : : \u25a0 ' \u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0:•-- :-.:--V,-;.i.: '.'.
- Second round — Flower Girl beat Gambit,- 9-5;
Panoch« beat Hudson. 6-4. \u25a0\u25a0-•.•>.:-; \u25a0 : .
Deciding course— Flower Girl b«at Pano:he,
6-4. ;:\u25a0_•,\u25a0:.:\u25a0\u25a0--;-.. ':\u25a0.:'.-\u25a0;. •;:-.' •-\u25a0 ..r>' : - ;;v;; ? \ ;.v ; :;
ORT WELLES TUBS FAyORITE.
Banner Meet In History of i.Snrntog'a
Track Opens To-Day.
NEW YORK, July .SO.— The Saratoga
midsummer meeting of. 1905 will be in
augurated to-morrow' jcrith' th« running
of the best mile and a quarter handicap
of the season: it will bo by' far the best
race seen In these parts. ..Wherever the
turf folk gathered to-day they discussed,
the card for to-morrow. All concede that
it is a fit programme from, end to. end to
inaugurate what promises to-be the best
meeting in' Saratoga's racing history-
While all the best judges of .form arid
of prices believe that Ort Welles should
and will be. favorite for the. big handicap
to-morrow, it is conceded that the. race
is a tough one. The great King Eric,' the
colt who twice showed at Brigton that
he has regained his" splendid form of last
season, first when he whipped : Beldame,
in the mile and again wh'eri he took place
money in the blg f handicap. . close at the!
heels of Artful, has done some fast work
here. Enoch Wishard has given him his
preparation and the mile and ; quarter
was turned in 2:10. • Beldame's chances)
it is believed, "were enhanced \ by to-.
night's ralnß and the poor prospects of a
dry track to-morrow. . ' ' "..
POLO PONY BREAKS' THE ./l- '
\u25a0WORLD'S HALF-MILE RECORD
Uncle Sam. With '' l6s" Pounds Up. Goes
the Distance in 62 3-5 Seconds
at Denver. , *-•••'
DENVER. July 30.~Bougbt a few
years ago for $s and later, sold for $150,
a "scrub" pony broke a world's record
in Denver, yesterday and now. his owner
would not take $1500 :'\u25a0 for blrn: *The.
world's half-mile mark for pbj.o,.pdnies
was broken - at : the' Ciiy, Park track' : by
Uncle Ram, "ownedfby . George- C. -Wood
and ridden by : Charles G.fSutton, who
weighs 165. pounds/? -Uncle Sam's" time
was :52 3-5. The"; world's record .was
:52^.- Joseph A..Osncr, starter,-' an-*
nounced the result' and the ; crowd
cheered lustily. " : ; ; :. .
THE SANJ FRANCISCO; .CALL. MGND A Y ; v JULY -^31 . , 1905.
FAST FREEPORT
IN FRONT AGAIN
WJialen's Courser Shows His
.. Heels, to Swift Dogs "at
liigleside \u25a0 Coursing Park
Freeport, the fast ison of Fetter Free,
showed his heels to some of the- fleetest
greyhounds of the State yesterday at
Ingleside Coursing . Park and defeated
Friendless Boy for final honors in the
champion stake by a score of 5-2. The
blue dog showed a remarkable turn of
speed and worked, the. game cleverly.
Galveston, in the deciding course of the
reserve stake, raised the flag over Im
perious, which ran an improved dog.
-T. Jolly's Princess Savoy finally round
ed to form and, captured the long end
of the class event ; from clever Mlsa Brum
mel. Pocatelli was put out in the second
round by Fdxhunter, after the. former
showed the way to the hare. The bet
ting throughout the Gay was the heaviest
witnessed in this park for many months
and the dogs ran fairly well to form.
Following are the results,' with Judge
John Sutton's official scores: :;. -'-'.'\u25a0
Reserve stake : First round— Real Pasha beat
Blue Kyts, 7-2; Galveston oeat Richochet, i-2;
Butto City beat Little Dainty. 12-5; Dear Gas
ton beat Pursuer. 5-3; VPlld Belle beat Sir
Winton, 7-6; Loretta beat lono Hill, 5-1; Maid
b 1 Dyne beat-Falrmourt Lass. 8-3; Real Dueh-
Ws . beat Hai^s, .10-0; Amelia beat
Frank Dunn -10-1: Imperious beat Pony Capi
tal. 3-2; Annie Ryan beat Lyra Girl. 11-1; Tar
Baby beat Bright Columbia. 7-5; Young Tommy
R beat Outda, 7-3; Doc Burns beat Young John
ny Rex, .3-2; \u25a0 J R beat Doretta,; 4-2; Colored
Lady beat Crazy Jane. .5-1. .;: \u25a0\u25a0^\-' ; .- :\u25a0'. r
:'•\u25a0\u25a0 ' Second ; round — Galveston beat 'Real Pasha,
5-0: Dear Gastoh beat - Little Dainty, 4-2: ' Lor
etta beat Wild Belle. 10:3*. Maid o' Dyne beat;
Real Duchess. 5-0; Imperious beat Aurelia, 5-0;.
Annte Ryan beat Tar Baby. 3-2; Doc Burns
beat Young Tommy R. 8-5; Colored Lady beat
J R : 7-3:-'-; '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0:. \u25a0> '\u25a0\u25a0 "\u25a0 '\u25a0-\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0;.' : : :: ! .' :,f-' (''r' \u25a0':'''\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0) '-"'
\u25a0 •=\u25a0 Third :: round—^Galveston \u25a0 beat : Dear- Gaston.:
7-3; Loretta beat Maid o*. Dyne, 5-3; Imperious
beat Annie !Byan, : ;4-0; ; Doc Burns beat Colored
\u25a0 5 Fourth^'round-^-Galveston \u25a0 beat' Loretta.V 8-3;'
Imperious, beat Doc Burns, e-3; # ; - v
Deciding; course— J. •• s:: Galveston
(Rock. Island Ktng-lrma) beat E. J. c '^'
thy's Imperioua (St.- Lawrence-Fedora). 10-0.
:' Clais \u25a0: fctake : First round— The Rival beat
Prometheus. 6-4 ; Shotgun beat Little Plunger,
5-3; Choo Choo beat Edenvale, 2-1; Black
Coon beat. Fair Flying. 3-1: D R beat In Time.
6-0; Lord Brazen beat Ellver Heels. J-0; Mis*
Brummel beat Daisy Rocket. -5-0; Ante Tralee
beat Young Fearless. 6-3; Belle Free beat Cap
ital Lady 12-0; :Cubanola beat May Tunison.
17-6; Belle Marie beat Pasha Pleasant. .8-2;
Princess Savoy beat Sea Lion. ; 4-3. : , , •
Second round— Shotgun beat The Rival. 10-8;
Choo Choo beaf Black Coon, 8-2; D R beat Lord
Brazen. 5-0; Miss BrummeX beat Ante Tralee.
7-6- Belle Free beat. .Cubanola, 7-6; j Princess
Savoy beat Belle Marie, MO-1: _ ::\u25a0\u25a0'_\u25a0 \u25a0 ,-.
Third round— Shotgifn a bye. Choo Chop with
drawn; Miss Brummel i beat f> R. 5-2; Princess
Savoy beat Belle : Free, 8-1. ; ' \u25a0' ' • :
Fourth round— Mies . Brummel beat Shotgun,
*-'»• Princess Savoy a bye. • :. . l •\u25a0.:•'.\u25a0•\u25a0.'••
Deriding course-lV Jolly's Princess Savoy
(Hot Stuft-Lady Nellie) -btai E. Preston's Miss
Brummel (Moondynell-Lady Jane).^-5. ;\u25a0.--, v , • ,
Champion ttake: First round— Reckless Ac
robat beat Lancashire Lad. 7-5; .Freeport beat
Acilo Snurt . 5-3; Pocatelli beat Sampler. 5-8;
Foxhunter beat Pomona. 4-0; Conroy beat gal
ley Pride 3- X; Rocked Aeleep beat Tillle R.
T. - Richard Anton beat lodine. 0-3; Friend
lees' Boy beat Tom King. 4-2. . • ,_: . • i- \u25a0. ; \u25a0 —
- Second round-Freeporrbeat Reckless_Acro
bat, 0-5: Foxhunter beat Pocatelli, 8-6: Rocked
Asleep beat Conroy. ,6-4; Friendless. Boy beat
? ! Thirt '*»3rwrl v *&" Foxhunt r . V 4.i ;
Friendlesi Boy beat Rock*d Asleep. 11-5.
Deciding course-rG. Whalen's Fr.eporyimp.
Fetter Free-Port Costa , Lass), beat W./T.
Rkughfr Friendless. Boy. (imp. Fetter Free.
Dawn). 5-2. - ; ;.;;\u25a0: v . j j .;:\u25a0 :• . -. ._
VENICE P'OR OUTS AJLS y
\u25a0'*'^:h; i. '\u25a0-/\u25a0'! J MUNCH OP 'PAST; YACHTS
oVrnerSalU Her From Chicago to 3lac
:: f;ataw» Michl»nn, Ahead of the ;
\u25a0 ' : ; ; ' : ".\u25a0•\u25a0•'\u25a0 ' . • '' .'\u25a0'\u25a0 Juanlta. \u25a0'.'''.'\u25a0. \u25a0" ' * •
HOLLAND,. Mich;, . July 30.— 1n the
yacht race from Chicago to Macataw
Pires." Mich., which \ started; yesterday.
Venice d'Or. sailed by A. Barrell, fln
iphed first in the 35-foot class for sloops
and outsailed all: other boats in the fleet.
The yawl Juanita; of • Sandusky s was a
close second, only two minutes behind the
Venice d'Orv Venice d'Qr; started from
Chicago at 3:30 yesterday and finished at
10:56 to-day. Winners in other - classes
were Naiad in the class of schooners and
yawls under ' thirty-five -feet: -.Cynla in
the class of sloops under thirty feet and
Jeahnette in the: cruising class.V ' .~
After starting from Chicago in a light
wind trie yachts soon encountered a fresh
12-mile breeze north by northwest.; which
during the night veered" to the" south "and
increased to. a; gale, of : eighteen miles. . :
KI SER'S i MACHINE " BREAKS ' AND :
AUTO RACE IS UNFINISHED
Accident Mars ] the . Contest . (or $1000
at Three' Mile* on Toledo
Fair Grounds.
TOLEDO, July, :Bo.-f-Just; as the finish
of the first three-mile heat in what was
to be. a -three-heat i race; for $1000 be
tween -Barney' Oldfleld and- Earl Kiser
on the' half T mile \u25a0 track at !' the ".. "fair
grounds here to-day, -the axle, of Kiser's
machine "broke- and the race was "/not
finished. Oldfield's time "was 3:49. and
Kiser's 3:49 1-5.' - '* : :;•
Later in an exhibition Oldfleld cover
ed a ymlle 'in •l:l2,^'loweringihls J half
mile track record^ of ; 1:13 4-5," made at
Omaha last year. Charles Soules broke
the 'half-mile: trackVrecord of '1:24 2-5
for "thirty-horsepower machine by "go-"
ing a mile in 1:17 2T5.2 T 5. VV -• :': '
If a- no use agonizing? prayer - for the
light when you keep the shutters locked.'
ARIEL. DOLPHIN ANDALAMEDA
CREWS AT THE START OF THE
SENIOR BARGE RACE. '
Hayne Takes the
Junior Skifi
Contest.
The first annual picnic and regatta, of
the Pacific' Association of Amateur pars
men was held, at El Campo . yesterday.
Ferry-boats 'running at short intervals
carried; large ,• crowds to the scene of
activity/. The weather, was warm and
pleasant and the course fairly smooth.
The AJameda Boating Club won both the.
senior arid Junior barge races, while A.
W. Keegan of: the Ariel Bowing Club
beat .C..J. Hague of the Alameda Boating
Club Uy severallengths in the junior out
rigged skiff . race. The first race began
at about 8:30 p. m. • \u0084 J - \
The ; Junior barge race brought out
crews representing the Alameda, Dolphin
and Ariel \u25a0 clubs. The winning Alameda
crew was made up of G. E. Tupper, bow;
G. Rettlg, No. 2; H. iNeilson, No. 3;
George Schroder, .."stroke, ; and Carson
Donnelly,-- cockswain. * : ; The Ariel » crew
.topk. : . second plaice, :after fouling the Dol
phin barge on .the: way. out to the turn.
The Dolphins had the inside station, the
Ariels : the' center and the Alamedas the
outside. 1 The Ariel crew consisted of E.
.Wilson, rbow: H. Kahlmbach. No. 2; : J.
Jensen; No. 3; E. :\u25a0 Murphy .stroke, and
Granvilie. Collins, "cockswain. The Dol
phin crew consisted of E. Rolls, bow; A.
Sclaroni. No. 2: F.; /W. Seibel. No. 3; W.
p. 'Patch, stroke, : and • Gerald Kenniff,
cockswain..;'.- 'v- : -C"f:, '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '•'' \i- \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0''\u25a0 vv-- \u25a0••'\u25a0 ' y'-J-!
In the senior barge race the winning
Alameda four. was made up of J. Lewis,
bow ; : >V. . Burnham, No. 2 : . F. Hunt. No.
3; H.. Nelson, stroke, and Carson Don
nelly, cockswain. x.Th e ; Dolphin crew,
which took. second place; "consisted of H.
Neilson. bow; Leo Wleriand, No. 2; H.
McKevltt. No. 3; E.:B. Thornlng. stroke,
and Gerald Kenniff, cockswain. The Ariel
crew was the same. as in the Junior race.:
J. Jehson, H3 at :N0.:3. .broke his oar soon
;after starting. . . . \u25a0•;-!"" '\u25a0' : -. : - ; '."'
'/The officials were A. G. Bell, chairman
of the day; J. yon : Staden, : clerk of the
course ; \ Leand.er: Stevenson,': starter ; Hor
ace Perazzl, referee; "W/ Mead, : marshal;
W. Donnelly, A. C. Dv Fosse, Eugene
Fla'nden, W. Qrdwney, John Phillips, C.
Kenniff. ;E. Scully.:' A. "Tisdale, Frank
t,ee -and; -W. Watson, -judges;' ;John
Tralnor. : James' Wilson , V«l Kehrlew, F.
V. .F, Baker and P. J- Weniger, timers.
. After, the' races dancing wa% engaged
in '.the' pavilion;' E.-B. Thornlng acting as
floor manager. ' . v .' ; : "V.V
MAGICS ON BULL'S EAR
3IAYDISCLGSE A FRAUD
Honor of Dave Lqoney, an
i; Oregon Cattle Man, -Is
'. \u25a0 Involved.
\ PORTLAND, July. 30.— Letters tattooed
on the ear of. a Jersey bull bred; by. her
father. "Uncle" Charlie Miller of Leba
non, Or., enabled Miss Lou Miller to dis
close a fraud that has been: perpetrated
on the Judges at the { Northwest ; State
fairs and'j involves the;, honor, of Dave
Looney, one' of ,the # best-known Jersey
breeders. in the Northwest:.-/ \u0084
"Golden J. Exile" won second prize at
the . Oregon State : Fair ; last fall in the
yearling 1 bull Jersey class. . The same
animal took .'the sweepstakes at "Walla
Walla and North Yakima. The' bull was
entered as • bred by D. H." Looney, ' but
was , in fact bred ; by - CbarH4 Miller .of
Jefferson; sold by. him *to 'George Terhune
and* bought • by Looney ' from .Terhune.
Looney sold the animal to J. Ott of Ash
land under registration showing •it to be
"of ; the '"Golden Lad"; strain" and bred by
himself, whereas. the animal was not en
titled ...-' to^ I any i such % registration: ;The
charge that is made is that Looney either
made ( a false registration |or { substituted
the unregistered j animal , for one that had
been- properly registered.'^ Lobney's story
is \u25a0 that he had -. a bull \u25a0' calf of his Town
breeding which ': he' registered ias "Golden
J. Exile,"- and v tlv« or six . months : later
bought the Miller.: oull. which very closely
resembled 'SI his ; " own,:: but^waa % several
months j older.V One; of bulls died last
summer and Looney says he supposed it
was the Miller bull.T n Cdmplalnt was made
to ; the • American' Jersey Cattle Club \ and
evidence in" the'ease has just been taken:
Grondona's' Trotter Wins.
ALAME.DA,' JuIy/^SO.-^Fiver hundred
persons "saw bay
trotter* beat Louirf -.Testa's ; sorrel *. pacer
in three : straight \u25a0 heats ' in ;a : match race
on ; the Alameda'; speedway - this : ; af ter
nooh oyef" a' course of :three;quart,ersof
a^mlle.v^BothvequineSiwere 'driven Kby
their^, ' owners £ and ." considerable '; coin
changed I hands on " the ." outcome of ; the
contest: - The' finish* in:; each; heat "was
close,- the : time by the winner' being
1:56%.11:B8 and, l:s6. ' :
IMP CAPTURES
PENNANT AGAIN
Henry London's Speedy Mod
el Yacht Outsails All Her
Eivals at Spreckels Lake
Henry London's 'model yacht Imp,
winner of last Sunday's pennant, garr
ried oft the honors again yesterday.
As on the previous Sunday, » L. Peter
sen's Stella was the contender. The
final . race was one of the closest and'
most interesting seen at Spreckels
Lake in; weeks. The Imp won by less
than two feet, after leading the. first
three-quarters and then being passed
by the Stella. The Imp is the oldest
boat in .the fleet, but has won more
pennants than any other model.
She has carried off six pennants, the
Cricket and Stella being tied for sec
ond place with four wins each. \u25a0
. The results of yesterday's races fol
low::
-.First round — Peterseri's Stella beat O'Don
pell's Neptune; Cookson's Stanley beat. M. Lon
don's Cricket; Roeckner's Reliance beat Dono
van's Florence; H. London's Imp beat Hay's
Amelia. . -• .\u25a0\u25a0":'
Semi-finals— Stella beat Stanley, Imp beat
Reliance. \u25a0 • • ' \u25a0 ', /. ..,.;-;
Finals— lmp beat Stella.. >. ,> .. .'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0"\u25a0. '.: .
m arin county . cricket team
;:\u25a0;;/ figures in drawn game
Match V at Alameda Is Unfinished, ; bat
•"•".'.•• Ends Somewhat In Favor the
."....' Pacific Eleven. \u25a0^\u25a0; \u25a0; s,' .'\u25a0•;•" ?-'.c-
A team , of twelve men. representing
Marin County, played : a drawn match
with an eleven of the 1 Pacific Cricket
Club on the grounds at Webster street,
Alameda, yesterday. . In the > ; Marln,
County team were Included W. Pethe-.
rick of the Pacific club, who resides at
Sausallto; J. J. Theobald of the same
club, H. E. Boultoni H. Roberts and E.
J. Stratton of the San Francisco County
Cricket Club. G. H. Hellman of San
Rafael captained the \ team, which
scored 171 runs. Petherlck (26), Baugh
(43), Thebald (2»j. Hellman (22) and
Stratton (22. not. out.) being the prin
cipal contributors. Lannowe was the
most successful bowler, capturing 6
wickets for. 29 runs. Seven of the Pa
cific men were out for 146 runs at the
call of time. Roberts took four wickets
for 51 runs. .The details follow:
.* ' ; MARIN COUNTY ELEVEN. . . :
W. Petherick, c. Tledemann, b. Tay10r..... 25
Hugh Jones, run out. 0
J. J. Theobald, c. Lannowe, b Casldy...... 23
G. I. Baugh, b. Lannowe.. 43
(S; H. Hellman. b. Elliott.. 22
D. Duncan, b. Lann0we.. .................. 1
H. E. Boulton, run out.*. 1
E. J. Stratton, not out... 23
R. J. Davis, c. and b. Lannowe 0
R. Jones, at. Casldy, b. Lannowe 4
H. : Rob«rts,' c. Storrs, b. Lann0we......'...' 0
J. Partriflge, b.: Lannowo. 0
Byes IS, leg bye 1, widea 2..... 31
Totals. . . . 1T. . '. . . ... ....... . • i ..... • . . ... . .171
Rum : at the fall of each wicket:- One for 12,
two for 44. three ' for 55. four for 124, flva . for
120, «lx for 129, seven for 136, eight for 140.
nine for 146,' ten for 158, eleven for 171.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
I Bowler. - Balls. Maidens. Runs. Wkts.
Storrs. ....42 0 27 \u25a0 . 0
Robinson ....24 0 12 V 0
Casldy 48 0 . 22 1
Taylor 48 .0 18 1
Lannowo .......... Si it 29 6
Elliott ......:... ...90 3 . 3T -I
._ PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
H. N. Stdrr». c. Baugh, \u25a0 b. Petherick 18
N. Logan, • b. Roberts... .11
C. Robinson, b. Roberts.. ..-B
H. R. Elliott, not 0ut. ..................... 63
T. J. A.; Tledemann, c. Stratton. b. Roberts W
B. Altman, b. . Roberts..;.. 3
C. Cowles, run out..: 2
O. N. Taylor, c. Boulton. b. He11man...... 20
H. C. Casidy.-. not 0ut.'.............:...... ..
Byes 8, leg bye 1. wldes 3. 12
. T0ta15.".... !..;... :.'..... i.......... ...... 146
M.' : AUroan and B. H. linnowe- did not bat.
- Rune at : tb« fall . of each wicket : On« for
20 two for 32, three for 3., four for 47, five for
66, six f or 88. ; : ' . "'\u25a0:/ : \u25a0..; . • \u25a0
Xyfi'- J 'SUMMARYOF BOWLINO: >;
Bowler. ' Balis. Maidens. Runs. Wkts.
Petherick ...'. 48 0 30 1
Roberts. ....:. 86 1 51- 4
Stratton ........... 3« O 28 O
Theobald 12 0 20" 0
H«Uman ;".'......"••••\u25a0 8"-' 0. . 7 .. . l
:. Theobald bowled two wides and Roberts on»
wide.: -• ; -: '\u25a0\u25a0 -' ' \-^ j :.\u25a0 A - .- - _" .' "'
MANY CORINTHIANS CRUISE,
TO PETALUMA DRAWBRIDGE
Other Yachtsmen Drop Anchor In Para
dise Cove or Off the ' Shore
;. of El Campo.
•; SAS A large fleet of Corinthian yachtsi fol
lowed Commodore' T. Jennings; and"- the
flagship ; Speedwell on the j cruise to "the
Petaluma ; drawbridge; on . Saturday.
Yesterday^ the; yachts -came down "the
Petaluma Cr.eeK on the ebb ; tide and on
reachin g • the bay \u25a0' iound * a" jgood , breeze,
which them 't-', their moorings
In^Tiburon- Cove. The schooner. 'Magic, 1
the '\u25a0 yawls I Seven Bella ; and • Naiad "and
the > sloop V Queen- .;cruised .-tq^. Mariri
Islands ;-; and ?.' dropped ' 1 anchor : there.
About j: half ' a dozen j yachts. Including
the schooner. Anona'apd the sloop Alert,
dropped anchor roff^Ei; Cam po.7; About
the \u25a0* same ' number ;0f..-:; of ..-: yachts ' l?t > their
hooksgoat paradise:Cove.;,:vice;Com
rnodbre- J.- M:" Junnett's;* sloop' Curlew
and ; theVsloop T Sappho "cruised t in the
upper :;bayJ; with', large, parties. ..The
schooner Virginia; the fyawl -j Tramon^
tan a ; an d J. D. \u25a0 Spr eckel s%, new i steam
yacht; Lurlirie ;of i the;:* San:--; • Francisco
Yacht Club were under way. ''nHBH
HANDICAP FAILS
TO STOP THEM
Baker and Durilap Carry Off
First Honors in Doubles
Tourney oh \ Park Courts
The handicap doubles tournament
commenced on the Golden Gate Park
tennis courts last Sunday was com
pleted yesterday. The winners turned
up in George Baker and Charles Dun
lap, one of the three most heavily han
dicapped teams. It was the' first of a
series of tournaments for tha new
three-time cups, and the names of Ba
ker and Dunlap will be the first in
scribed on them.
The three matches played yesterday
were not as close and exciting as was
expected. All were won in straight
sets and were too one-sided to be inter
esting. The handicaps.were not as well
adjusted as usual, which probably .ac
counts for the easy victory of the win
ners. The other teams will undoubtedly
receive large handicaps in the ne"xt
competition of the kind.
The final match was .between Baker
and Dunlap (owe 15 3-6) and A. H. Bra
bant and Harold Gabriel (owe 2-6) and
was the closest of the three played.
Brabant did not perform as well as
.usual and his opponents were not slow
to find It out. They played most of the
balls to him and Gabriel had little
chance to shine. On the other-hand the
losers foundDunlap to be. more uncer
tain than Baker and the .ormer bore the
brunt.. \u25a0 : :/-':' /:^:\: \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0 :\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0':\u25a0< : - rK;'^ \ ]: - '\u25a0'-. '\u25a0
The first set Baker and Dunlap won
easily, their opponents setting only one
game. In the second set Gabriel and
Brabant improved considerably and led
throughout . the first part. The score
stood 4-1 in their favor and at 5-5 they
had a lead of 40-0, but lost the same.
Baker and Dunlap took this set, 7-5.
. The third- set was also close, but Ba
ker and Dunlap had it won all the way.
The winners were steadier than their
opponents and made fewer errors. Ba
ker was the star of the four. The score
was 6-1, 7-6. 6-4. . \u25a0\u0084 .7 ± '•% 1
Of the two semi-final matches, the one
between Baker and Dunlap and George
Janes and Herbert Long was much the
closer. The teams met on even termb
and -Baker and Dunlap won by a scori»
of ' 6-2," S-6. Long and Janes are not
playing the game as well as they did a
few months ago or the match would
have been closer. They made a good
showing in the second set, but their op
ponents were too steady for them. Dun
lap was in fine form and gave his clever
partner excellent support. V ...
The other semi-final match. was be
tween Harry Rolf e and Clarence Griffin
(owe 15) and Gabriel and Brabant (owe
3-6). It* was a one-sided affair and the
outcome was never in doubt. Brabant
and Gabriel won, 6-4, 6-1. The losers
did not put up anything, like the gamw
they j played on the previous Sunday,
when they beat Whitney and Foley. Ga
briel's fast forehand drive won his team
many aces. Rolfe and Griffin were both
off in their net work.
The veteran TV. B. Collier made his
reappearance on the California Club
courts yesterday after an absence ox
several months. He showed a, lack of
practice, but,' with Chaster. Smith for a
partner, proved Btrong enough to beat
George Whlpple and Frank Stringham
in a close match. Smith was also a tri
fle rusty. The score in favor of Collie:
and Smith was 13-11, 4-6, 6-4. Collier's
monologue was a3 much .In evidence as
ever, and caused the usual amusement
among the spectators. . * •..-. ••\u25a0-.-_ ;.
Fly Castlngr Score*.
The follbving scores were made yes
terday ; afternoon by * the ihe.qibersVoC
the San -Francisco. Fly Casting: Club at
Stow.Lake: • .:. \u0084 !..,,'
- - - O > Delicacy. t 1
' I JI si ?I -* o§
, CONTEST- » *3 ''a ? »
.ants, j 5. S-. 58. .<j<r • r?
•:, ft : - ' r -* '3" :-*
- ". \u25a0 • {\u25a0« •; .<- ">.r . ".. • ;. •. . " 3 •
- II I I
C.G. Your*...'. S4!06.8 88-4 88.4 97.4 SO. S
Dr.W.E. Brooks 101 93. 89 88.4 83.3
Edward Everett. 91 $3.4 13.4 85 90.2 ..:.
Charles Huyck.. 80 S8.S;90 89.2 89. T ..;.
H. H. Kirk..:.. 75 7O.4J83-.4 84.2 83.9 ....
F. M. Haight. 91 .4188.8 83. 1087.3 ....
C. R. Kennlff... 107 94.8193 100 • 97.8 .."..
F. H.Reed...:. ..:.!90 92.4 92.6 92.3
H. B. Eperry... 94185.4 93.8 07. tt 93.7 92.S
Austin Sp«rry.. . S818a.4l83- 83. 84 75.4
W. P. Manafleld ....I93.S:96.4 *98.4 97.4 87.3
Geo. W. Lan«.% .... SS »O.» 98.4 97.8 ....
T. C. Kicrulff.. .... 97 S6.4 8S. t'SJ.i 02.8
: -Re-entries — - '' • ' --"-.
H. H. Kirk..... 74 72.4 7S 81.3 79.10....
T. C. Klenilft.. ....93.4180.41 S».2 99. P i92.»
H. • B. " Sperry. ; . 95 : 99 |ttt.4 98.4 06.4 03.3
Geb- W- Lane. S9.4 83 99.2 96.1 ..,.
Charles Huyck. .?:!!........ .;..:. ..... .;.;
C. R; Kennlff.:. 1071... I ..... ....
A-Sperry.: . t 85) . . . .{ . . ..>...^ ..;...;:. .'.».-
Judges^Dr." W. K.ißrooJcs and C. n. Kenniff;
Referee— C. G. Youns. .. Clark— A- Craig. : . •
-Yacht Kuce Pontponrd. •
PORT IIURQN. Mich., - Jiily 30.-J-Ow r .
Ing to rnln "and. a _-; heavy i<a,on Lake
Huron the "start ; . of the Port Hurori-
IVlackinac Island yacht .race, 'under the
auspices'" of j the; Country, Club of^ De
troit, was postponed until Sunday
morning. .
\u25a0J Butter" j- 'ls. ; hbw"t shipped. t6,England in
large quantities from the fertile plains of
Urujpiav. .... : .;
Results of Baseball
Games on Page 5
FIRST DOUBLE
EAGLE SHOOT
Norddeiitscher Schuetzen
Club and Verein Marksmen
Fire at Bird With Success
J. DIECKEN MADE KING
Vice. President's Fair Young
Daughte? Crowns Him With
Honors After Best Score
For the first time In the history of coast
shooting, the Norddeutscher Schuetzen
Club and Verein members yesterday used
the double eagle for a target with great
success. Mounted upon a high pole at
the right of the ranges, the huge wooden
bird presented an admirable mark for
the sharpshooters. The reason that the
double eagle differed from the usual
shoots of this kind was that it had two
crowns on the heads and a single large
crown surmounting both."
.Chief of all the prizes, the king, was
won by J. Diecken. The shot that
knocked the heart of the bird was fired
at 6:35, but it was the intention of the
members to continue the shoot another
Sunday if the king prize was not decided
yesterday. The sun's rays did not fall
upon the target during the afternoon,
which made the shooting exceedingly dif
ficult. Each of the successful marksmen
was greeted loudly after winging a piece
of the ponderous target. '
The event of the day was the crowning
of King- Dlecken. After the prizes had
been distributed. Miss Francis Ipsen.
daughter of the Norddeutscher Schuetzen
Club's vice president, placed the laurels
on his head and a handsome medal was
also presented- to him. ... «
From 10 a. m. until 6:33 p. m. the sharp
shooters fired at the eagle before all the
parts were dissected. The target was
made by Adolph Stoll and was so con
structed that when a- bullet from one of
the rifles hit a marked joint,' down would
fall a part of the ' bird. Thousands of
shots were fired by the sixty-two marks
men who took part in the contest.
The winners of the prizes were as fol
lows:
Kin? prize. J. Dlecken; center crown. B. V.
Rathjena: right crown. Otto Schinkel: left
crown, John Peters: apple, George H. Bahrs:
scepter. H. P. Peterson; right ring. John
Lankenau; left ring* William C. Morken: right
head. H. Dlercks; left head. Henry Meisner;
right neck. B. Hllken: left neck. W. Gllnrfo
mann; right wing. F. Pries; left wing, Ludwis
Slebe Jr.- right leg. John Schliemann; left leg.
Henry Lethmanni tail. W. A. Slebe.
In a practice match at the ranges A.
Thompson scored 241 against 312 by *F.
M. Burr. Both men are of the Sh«H
Mount Blflo and Pistol Club ;
nALPH ROSE WILL LIKELY [\u25a0'-
ATTEND YALE NEXT TEH 31
Representatives of Old Ell Have Heart-
to-Henrt Tal* With Califor
i-V.- :-\u25a0 : - \u25a0 nla Athlete. :^;'|?^
PORTLAND, July 30.— Ralph Rose, th«
giant shot-putter of the Chicago Athletic.
Association, arrived here with the Chi
cago team this evening. ! The big athr,
lete, who has received' much criticism -
because of his • refusal to compete for
the Olympic Club of San Francisco, Is
said to have decided on new alma mater.
According to the report. Rose, who found
life at Ann Arbor distasteful, will be
found at Yale when college opens lit
September. This statement follows close"
on the heels of Rose's declaration that
he would not attend college again and 1»
the result of a three days' conference
with two Yale men. During the long
trip from Chicago these representatives
of the Eastern college were very at
tentive to the big athlete. -:-y»>: : ;
Rose admitted that he was urged to
attend Yale and he felt favorably dls- 4
posed, toward taking such steps. If Rose
should go to Yale he would count ten
points for the blue In the hammer and
shot events. Inasmuch as he has been
away from Michigan for a year, he will
be eligible to compete in the Eastern .
inter-collegiate meet next year. • .•• '
The addition of Roae to Yale's sonacj.
would In a large measure offset the loss
of Trainer Mike Murphy. The various
members of the Chicago track team are
In good condition, considering the -lons',
Journey. ::.\r:\ " : "' X "\u25a0•'\u25a0' >- :: : : '-:-- : > V;:
Boats Have Xarrotr Escape.
RACINE. "Wls., July 30.— Two : boats ~
which started out of Chicago in the
race to Mackinae Island and Macatawa
Bay came near being lost near. here.
The Violet Louise was driven high and
dry on the shore at North Point, bare
ly escaping disaster. She was pulled
off by a tus. The Minota had her star
board shroud carried away and pin rail -
damaged, but the crew said they would •
finish If the wind came .right.,; v^ \u25a0 y;y: qV
HBr|j "A FRIEND l\
\u25a0 4Wrwffir otten applied to
ft^^jVw Marquette Whiakey:
zS&IASm^ lta absolute purity.
r^^SS^gi delicious flavor and
XjsSah fragrant aroma
(jnßp make It a welcome
KJ— ~^^p truest and every
LJ-j?epw4| Aslfi tor v wherever
rSra GROMMES & ULLRICH
l^nH San Francinro Branch
1112
TRIO OF OPIUM FIENDS ARE HELD
FOR LOOTING BAZAARS.
Some Goods Found, but Suspects Refuse to Confess to Detectives
GAXG OF PETTY THIE\*ES ROUNDED UP BY THE POLICE -WHIMS HUNTING >t)ft THE PERPETRATORS OFTHB: NXJMER--'
OCS THEFTS FROM THE .TAPANESE AND CHINESE KANOr GOODS STORES RECEXTLj". THE EV'JDENCBf. POINTS; 1 ; -V
STRONGLY TO THE PRISONERS 'AS THE GUILTY PARTIES.
Fred Rodey. James Overton, May
Ete^-ens and Grace Rodey, arrested on
Saturday evening by Detectives' Ryan
and McGee in connection/with the theft
of silks, crockery ware and other ar
ticles - from Japanese and Chinese
Stores, have not yet been booked at the
City Prison. The officers are continu
ing their, search for plunder. Yester
day they recovered from a pawnshop
vn Dupont street, a milk pitcher, a
water pitcher, two teapots, two cream
rjp-5, sl%- china bracelets and two metal
wltU. a silver dragron . twisted
round each.. These articles were stolen
from a Japanese store at 313 Grant
avenue./".;'; ;,;-- :.':'. . . r -
It ; Is that ; the • proprietors
of the stores. victimized will call at po
lice headquarters .this morning and
identify the stolen goods. Their value
1s estimated at about $10.00. : inciudlng'
several exquisite pieces of silk.
Detective. Ryan questioned each: -of
the men and women separately yester
day afternoon. .Although they hid .been
villinsr to talk freely «n Saturday. night
he could not get any of them to, talk.
Some influence had been at work to
ba'k his efforts in finding out :v.-berc
other stolen articles could be found.
All are victims of the opium habit.
X complete layout was found at !)35&
Mission street and at 353 Minna, street,
where the defendants had been living.
After Grace Rodey had been questioned
\u25a0fay Detectl\-e Ryan yesterday afternoon
6he went away from him crying bitter
ly. Byan Is positive that some woman
assisted Rodey in carrying the atolen
articles from the stores. .. '
VLIXOES HE WAS BEATEX
AA'D XI ORBED 1> A SALOON
Mlrhed Kan* From Ama dor Cocnty
Slakes Complaint, to' Police, Who
Doubt Ills Story :
Michael Kane c&me from Amador
County in March last with $400 In bis
pocket. He has been living la the Den
ver House on Third street and says that
On the morning of July 2? he was. badly
beaten and robbed, of over $200 in the
Andromeda Saloon at Kearny . street
and. Montgomery avenue. His state
ment to the police Is that while tts the
saloon he shook dice with a man for
coin 'and lost $40. A row. started over
the dice throwing "and the man ' struck
•him. Kane threw- ofC his coat and
after • the fight > was ] over .he picked- up
his coat and found that a parse con
taining $160 which had been In aa In
tide pocket was missing; He som
plalned to the bartender and he arid a
man named Gtjs Smith -were- thrown
out of the saloon and * were arrested
for-belng drank. * -
--. Kane 'alleged that he had -between
ISO ea<L v J7o;ln.a tobacco pouch In the
pockets, of his trousers and -when he
called^at th© City Prison alter being
dlscharg-ed, there was no mosey com
loir* to^hlm. Uetectlve- Mathesoxj was
aetaued.oa tbe case. He repoited that
Kane fcadJbeen shaking dice for -drinks
-to? the.: saloon- with Manuel "Fir to", : bar-
the- Commercial Hbtv»-i bar,
and tad aUisat. with, Parro, -who^threW
hlm.'OOt .-\u25a0 No one In tho saleqiirsaw
Kanevsrttli atiy "money, except yhat he
spent, for irink6. .- a .. ' o
HE GOT THE /MONEY.
. A. young man -In North CaToiink.made
.the nearest correct .guess on the-Mel
lin's Food boys and girls at Bt_ Louis
You may be able •tp make the : best
gutss at Portland. It costs nothing to
try it, it's lots of fun and the $100 is
\u25a0worth, setting. Visit the Mellin's Food
booth,. Agriculture building, Lewis &.
Clark Exposition. Portland. •
Struck With Baseball Bat.
Alexander Bonzagnl, 'while :playing
baseball In the park yesterday, re
ceived & back-handed blow'from a bat.
His .injuries were such as to recessi
tate his removal to the Park Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. Piakham
dressed a bad cut over the right eye.
•Bonzagnl developed symptoms which
suspiciously like the result of a
fractured skull. lie left the hospital,
however.
Pare food la.w« are rood. ' The r»urit7
et Buraetfa Vanilla has never been questioned.*
STANDS FIRMLY
AGAINST JAPS
Exclusion League Eeorgan
izeslts^Executiyc-Board to
Meet the Increased Work
The . outcome of yesterday's meetiris of
• the -Japanese \ and\ \ Korean : /' • Exclusion
League at 927 Mission street was the
.unani.mpus^'ybte.vbfV^
Ize its affairs and a start .'w;as ' r mado yes
terday in that direction" by voting? to re
construct the executive \u25a0 board. A com
mittee of seven was selected by President
O. A.-Tveltmoe and Instructed to:namo
the members 'of the new board, which
was limited to thirty-five . members. .:
The report of the • executive „ board
showed that the present board was dis
organized, difficulty being experienced -in
getting a. quorum, and recommended that
at least ; half the members be. dropped
from the board for inactivity. And new
members elected. .TVhen the. new toard
is elected it- will proceed; 10; name its
sub-committees on drganiza.tion,* : .resolu-.
tions, publicity and statistics! ; printing,
mass-meetlnss and literaturfe.'. .
The • resolutions censuring Secretary
Taf t for his recent utterances on the
Chinese question cam© up for. indorse
ment, but a strong movement \u25a0-against
their intemperate wording succeeded in
haying them, withdrawn and the incident
is closed so far as the league ,1s con
cerned. . • "
A temporary conflict between .Treasurer
McDougald and Assistant- ..Secretary
Yoell over the financial statement \u25a0 was
squelched and .the matter referred;- to the
incoming executive board. The report of
the treasurer shows that the receipts
from sixty-six organizations \u25a0• from May
15 to July 24 amounted to $575 50 and the
expenses J515.63. \u25a0 This statement shows
that only* sixty-six out of : 151 organiza
tions that are members .of the • leazue
have 'paid- their contributions. . The re
ceipts' are from labor 'organizations,. Im
provement dubs, fraternal ; orders and in
dividuals. . . " • : ' *
Other routine business . transacted« was
the receiving: of credentials 'from organi
zations and Individuals, the.latter.'includ
ing Rev. j \u25a0William C " Rader ; and • Rev-. - D.
O. Crowley. Communications from other
cities regarding Japanese workers were
read. A. S. Hewe was elected;.; by "the
San -Frandsco' Jjabor: Oobucll^o,. succeed
WiU-J. French as— a f delegaf^tb -the'
league. ' .-\u25a0\u25a0.:. .. " '-'£$§£\u25a0* '\u25a0/; r
' : With Impure' Drlnkln jf :-SVni : er
USB HOI^FOBD*SAqiI>>BH:p^PHATE
Destroys /the- germs; .of .^typhoid and
'other feyere,\ Makesj-.a refreshing -and
r cooling; 6timiner'aflnlc:' •;'->;?. .-.r'? 1 - \u25a0•\u25a0
W'AITERS; Gn^EISUCCESSEUL ' ?
• V PICNIC AT; HAStBOR; VIEW,
Several -' Thousand People . ' Attend - the
First Annual Outinff of One of
City's Strongest Unions. \u25a0•
Several thousand, people "were at; the
Germania Gardens, . Harbor.} View,.*. yes-'
terday afternoon and evening, to enjoy
themselves' at": the picnic given- by the
Waiters* and ' Waitresses*; Union, : Local
No. 30, of ' San Francisco.; Music; was
furnished by, Pinto's orchestra and sev
eral, hundred • couples ' filled ' the . large
dancing pavilion from early, In the aft
ernoon' until : midnight. Sixty-three
door. prizes ranglng'from $2 50 in cash
to a bottled of rye - whisky were given
to those who held the lucky, numbers. '-a
The Walters', and Waitresses', Union.*
which, was organized on January,. A, r
1901, is now one of. the strongest' unions
in San Francisco, having, a. membership
of 3200 and furnishing- help for ! nearly
every \u25a0 hotel : and -restaurant in; the -city. 1
They , will , give I a >; social 'i dance .in:- the
Mechanics' ; Pavilion 1 on ' September, 23. \ '.
THESAN FRANGISGOr^AL^HONDA^
TRAIN THIEVES
ARE ARRESTED
Two Crooks Held in Prison
fon Suspicion of Having
Kobbed Touring- Editors
John S. Summer?, CO years of age, and
Clyde Andrews, IS - years • of age, : both
genuine Vhoboes;'';- are in the City Prison
;oh ;suspiclpn tbf %be his Connected i wit it itlie
thbf £\u25a0 ol rbm^niembers
ofrtbe^^dab«;[£ditoy^p-AJ»bclaUon^hlld
on", the } train' coming \ to \ this 'jeity^.'f rom
last ;Monday.-';; Monday.-'; The -, prisoners
'deny that they had anything to. do with
the thfa%-lng. 1 but • Detective Sergeant
Ryan., who- arrested them, believes that
they belonged' tha -gang. •'\u0084
; Patrick Klndelon, chief of detectives for
the Southern Pacific • Company, has been
working, oil .the .case. and. on , Saturday
morning he wired \u25a0 • to ... Detective '\u25a0 Peter
Lewih, giving a description ' of ; four men
Who he believed had entered -the Pull
man ' cars 'and. stolen ,the jewelry and
coin. . I^ewin notified ; Detective Sergeant
Ryan- and -on' Saturday, afternoon Ryan
saw Andrews .and, : ' Summers, who an
swered ' the", description of 'two. 'of \u25a0 the
men. ., They, were in-; a pawnshop rat 668
Howard street- trying to 'sell a lady's
hunting case • gold' watch- and chaiiu; A
diamond' had been extracted' from' the
back of- ! the case \u25a0 a nd : Ryan ; found "it in
Andrew's, pocket/ The ; s watch ; has the
inscription' ">T. J. 8.-" on the case and it.
bears. the number 7163577. "A ring was also,
found' in^Ahdrews',- pocket. . . : . ;
sR/an ;placed 'them ; under.' arrest. When
questioned' Andrews;; said he • bought the
watch- and -chain' from- a man In; Sacra-
mento'fbr $5 and Summers said he bought
them; from..*a man, in [this'.clty -foris2 50.!
If the articles were not stolen from mem
bers of -the -Idaho- Editorial" Association
Ryan 'is satisfied they ; have , been stolen
from . some, person, .or, persons..; He is
looking for the' other two members of the
gang.---'-.-- •;• • \u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0 r- 1 ' _•- • .
Detective - Kindelon ' visited \u0084 the City
Prison] in company withV Detective Ryan
last evening and- questioned ".both \u25a0= Sum
mers . and Andrews. -After the interview
Kindelon" stated- '.that- he believed Sum
mersjwas one; of "the mem wanted. He is
.nptlsure as; to ; 'Andrews. 'butwlll-make' a
further, investigation.. Summers answers
the description ."of 'one of Xhe menandiit^
Is expected '^that.. Andrews, who .'is said
to have Joined 7 him" at ; Sacramento, , will
be able ito jfive \ the f authorities Informa-,
tion that 'will tle.id to the . arrest of most
of the >gang Involved ' in the' robbery.'-
PRINTERS REJOICING- OVER
' ; 'SUCCESSFI' L END OF STRIKE
Typographical \u25a0 Union * - No. "<\u25a0 21 Also
. . Chanjees-Sebedule^of Weekly
','\u25a0'"\u25a0 ' Benefits.' /''\u25a0,;;
\u25a0 Typographical Union" No. 21 rrietyes
tefday.iattefrioon 'at'" the" Shiels^ build-
Ing,; 32 : 'O'Farrell .street, and 'the ; rejoic
ing, of. the meeting. was?caused;by: the
successful outcome of £ theTrecent ; fight
for an'; eight-hour,- day,; which j was .won
without fa - single 'call ; fori outside i help.'
;1 The principal .transaction f of, the |af i>
ernoon \u25a0 ,was',the r change { lnCthe* schedule
of;.weekly ; b?neflts.. Formerly married
men were 'entitled" to] draw : $10 \u25a0 a;.week
and wiir now; receive; $12. .Single, men
were t ormerly; awarded $8 a- week, but
this : has;been .raised} to i slo. •. ' " *
: The Typographical .Union , will parade
its it ull * membership ? of I; nearly ;- 1000 : ' on
Labor day.; .The'.uhions^ of i the r'Allled
Printing- Trades: Council >;Will'affU!ate>i In
making; a feature^of the eight-hourjylc
tory,- and <iti Is r probable ; that 'an? apprb-"
prlate; float will"tsccompariy.?the\march
ers. ..'•/; •\u25a0<'\u25a0-. \u25a0 . \u25a0.:.' \u25a0
;! - Nearly.;thirty » members * were -. - ad
mitted : and lover ~\ twenty '** applications
were! received.' v. . ; ; . ;-.-.' , \ : '.
FORTY-FOURTH
A CLOSE FIGHT
Active Effortsiof RepuTiiicaii
League to Bring JForces- of
Good? Citizenship to Polls
TACTICS v OF [OPPOSITION
Liqiiqr:Men in the- Red Light
Section -Resent v Demands
n of the j Grafting Gangsters
.'. The .supporters of the ; Sa n, Francisco
Republican 7 ; League \u25a0 have a ;tiard : =flght
in the jFo'rty'r fourth Assembly • District,
butrthe battle forgood government will
/be wonif the 1 tax-paying citizens .who
are concerned in;, the TwelfareV of the
cityiattend the primary c.lection. • '"If
tjiey fail to 1 respond . to tne. call .bit : civic
duty-the gra'fters.ivho ajeibiisyAnig^t
and day ; lp.\ the- fed.- light | section *of the
•district, will sen 4' a' buncb. ; : of Buef
dfclegiitss - to; the Republicanilocai con
vention.. George | Boyne, an' office hold
er under tha'Sehmitz adrainistration, is
leading: : tho fight for * tlia Kuefters In
the Forty-fourth. The Ruef ticket Is
composed chiefly of job-holders and
job-chasers of : en ; obscure : type andl : a
non-resident or • two. The Boyne dele
gates, if \u25a0 elected, "Brill simply, register
the -will of Ruef in \the . convention.
J^lth but* two or three exceptions the
whole buncn Is at present in^the , fight
to;re-eledt Schmitz ;andythe ; onlyrpur-,;
pose theVganff' has oin^ylew^is'KtoJnom-^
mate a weak Republicaii lto ; ! oppose, 'th;e c
slated ijiiominee of the \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. Union Labor
partv^Thejflawrrespecting^:pro^ressiv^
element- of citlsenshlp in the \u25a0: Forty-;
f purthf is iof jsiifficieiitsstrensth ; to ,\u25a0 elect
theMWQr thy.Jmerif who \composers the J
.-tlcltet/of/the San^Francisco itepublican-
Xeague.^y- "- : ;"";,/'"; "";,/'" --':-- ::^ :'-.--' \u25a0\u25a0'*?*>? \u25a0"•\u25a0
? af« being I circulated '," in the
district '" tb[tHe Veflectlthat /Jacob ; Shaen<
is i* identified .wit h the to.. th»
[ league forces./- The; facts are! that ' Mr.
Shaen is/a' member of the San Francisco
\u25a0Republican "= League Tand Is ; a- loyal ad
viser ; ; of /the organization and; «rPear
hest; worker 'in the/ cause Ol clean pol-;
itics and 'a" cleanV adininistratloh. He
is with | the league; ticket and will -be
.iwitlr it ; to- the' flfllsh^ whetner: the flnloh
be 1 : victory, or/def eat... ; :•;//,\u25a0 . .y '\u25a0
g/ The:; delegates proposed/ "under th©
auspices : of.;the> league; tb 'represent the
•Forty- fourth*, will meet this; evening /at
S36^ Market;* street * to/ exchange v'vlewß
as toythe best/inethotioifojr.brinsins out
the" % good / irien/;of//theTi district. »:./ The'
Ruefterfe.'iiiay; atteinpt-tci icarryithinss
,^i'th:a"highshand'in;tho tenderloin pre
/the /Forty-fourth^. ilt; is Baid'
ithat/saloon -iceepers ha. ye/ been/stooiaiup
l bj*/the/sraf ters/f or; heavier coiitribur \u25a0
tioiia t than/tiie/ business Jin* wliich r they r
are t e ti gag?d 'j u s t ifl es. ; ; Liquor men do
not" like the covert/ threats "that ' li
cijiises ; wlllSbe -revoked- if/ they do not
pungreiup. 7 The; threats convey?an/In
/that t hey /are* riot/ doing^/a;
reputable, | legitimate/ 1 :bu?inesß,' s *hence;
|;therfe;is" aifeelins\ that: the; grafters 'iirei
groijis;/a--Httle^' too . fat /in \ creating /?'a;
[.•re;ignrfbf.rterrbr/:-yS6me/bfsthesstaiwartj
[jStepoWfea^stUi/the^liQubrt^sin^ss/ar^
I the:-f rorit'/withjattl
;:expresfied s determination to Vsuppbrtiith.?.;
: doleeates "of^ -their/ chbicei-iic^hsef-Qr^nb/.
|.ficee?of ; persbnalKfnte«st^\vfre;madeYto;
I establish individual liberty In this
|. : country '•; ahdv beglm to/. realiseXthatl sac^/
prince may be required to preserve it. \u25a0
: w The leaders; of the, San Francisco Re*:
;rvubJican ? lieagije^are;;npt;S boast fngr^of^a
.^alkoyer/ IriVthe]Forty-£6urthV;: b^t; tliey/
\u25a0 ; bel ie ye- the/fi-is tr ict^att^be^r^^djf rom;
;.Ruef/if/gpod : iCiti3%is/wiltlstep^u^?o^
;^le.ction : ;dayi^mlvdO: : th''e.}r/duty.JfE^
re&'ister^tl voter of/the <?isirtf:t will-be
\u25a0 : p.royiae(pw{tK;ianf»niti4Bue\fj'li^ttblic§ii-:
itickelij>Tt^illli(s^;M^led^t6vih^ddres3
of every voter . in .atnple time., for use
en election day. The ,Forty.-3fburJth* is
anSimpor ta'nt %'dlstrltit *ahd the: men'' who
ipwnf homes ;aiidl prbpertyiithare rd^slre
vtliati ItVshalf-pe"; creditably 'represented
•jnvthe '.nomlnating ; 'couyent|ons, '=.\:-:.\y.. '. -
AGira^oTHi^is v TAkEW.Tb •••. ... :
\u25a0 r A Rfeis TITO BaiBBOBNCV 'HOSPITAL
Buries Son AVTio. Cared for Her and Is
;'. i . . > v Ltt £ \yWhowt t^Any Hejuis .': y ••.^.
"•;» "of Supports * : .....*
. Deserted .by one son '. and . the other
laid awny uenfiath freshly laid sod, Mrs.
Fanny r Barry, .tottering r with age, was
brought to the Emergency Hospital yes
terday afternoon to be cared for by. the
•«ity authorities.';;- She .is ,80 -years old
and apparently -penniless, \ with .'no! one
left to keep \u25a0 her from 'starvation '; save • a
son : who 'disappeared;. from •\u25a0 her. house
two weeks ago and has. not been^ heard
from since..; Jt- is probable that she will
be committedito the: Almshouse. - . ; :
Mrs.- Barry buried-her^sonJoseph yes-]
terday mornlng. N .Two r weeks', ago .her
other son, James,. who was employed a*t
the ; Union i Iron came ;home in
the eacly . hours . of. .th<T;raornlngt badly
intoxicated and, she refused- to let- him
into the . liouse< \u0084 Since , that .'day ."She has
never-heard from him. .; -. •.'.,; .;-; '-,'\, -.; ;
Joseph Barry was employed in t a
sawmill and he' took ; care of his aged
mother/until- lie was takenj slcka ;few
daya ago.' There was. little money" saved
up and when;'he died there ..was no- way
for the /mother "to live;/; Pride kept her
from telling her, r condition and • had, it :
not- been' for" the.neighbors she .would
probably, have starved' in her own homer
The officers were notified arid • took"* her
to the hospital.l ;. \u25a0*; ' - ; '/\u25a0 '.:\u25a0. ; --l \u25a0 ; -
SALOON PARTNERS QUARREL
' " : AND ONE " SHOOTS THE OTHER
Thomas; Havey ; :!\u25a0 ','. Wounded; on the
"/. iJair by/Thomaa i Kellchcr, Who '._',
\m Placed .Under/ Arrest.
-. .Thomas Havey aridvThbmas'Kelleher
are ; partners 'in the Olympla' Saloon, 519
Pacific street,,, and^haye^been-f for;sev
eral weeks ' quarreling* with ; eachi other
and; making; threats, v About [4 ; o'clock
yesterday • morning -, they.^ started -. -•\u25a0 to
quarrel agaln!anflfKelleher;flred: a shot
at ' Havey, i the • bullet * striking Mm \u25a0 on
the jaw. .Policemen'Liycette and O'Con
nell - heard ; .\.the 't shot.V .They v ran ;. to
the /saloon / and r placed • Kelleher r under
arrest .' on \ a ; charge \ of ; assault to\ mur-.'
der.' Havey.v was r .^ sent, to; the' Harbor
Emergen'cy ' Hospital^and'^ later to" \u25a0. the
Central; Hospital.>-.dv;-'-) : ; \u25a0/••";
About; an;: hour- before';- the.- shooting
Charles >rarks,., a Ibiacksmith; living.^ in
the Bonanza ; Hquse. ;\u25a0 was *; assaulted j in"
the : saloon ?. by,] an" unknown 4 maiir \ .who
struck him ' on- the face,':cuttingr;his:up
per, 1 ip. t'i Parks i was ' sept Ito • the', Harbor
Emergency'i Hospital:-:^ The"; ppllcelwere
unable ! , to ? find , the , man V who! assaulted
Parks.-;;,;.. ,'l ,I J •.-:\u25a0.\u25a0; '^ \u25a0\u0084\u25a0'\u25a0:;\u25a0; : --\. \u25a0\u25a0;'?;\u25a0'.\u25a0
J] Many a sqccessful store -advertiser
has ."graduated ,from.,the; want-col
umns/ No store Sis • too^littleVor i.too
local" :to <i its" neighborhood %to '•\u25a0 afford « a
few nines' of ;pubiicity 'every/day.- * x:
: \u25a0 LOSES i SATCHEIA ON i!. CAR;— Mrs.-. E. i G:
Harrison,* 2536 \ Clejnent :«treet. reported ) to ; the
pol ice 1 yesterday • that I she z had 5 lost * her.; hand
satchel i on " a 1a 1 Jackson-street . car. on i Friday.'.? It
contained ; $S. * three v latch % keys - and .; a* receipt
for \u25a0 a ' money Sorder.^g She i had s been V lnformed^
thatfa.ladyihadiplckediit^up.andjglven;Jt.to
the conductor,* who;hadnot;turned ; ltyn r to the
office. ? She '.was ; unable i to ; give Uhe • number *of
the;car. -" ; ' *' '•-. j. >; '\u25a0•'''\u25a0•* •''"•'.,'\u25a0 '\u25a0}--?.
\u25a0 .Try''tho,United- Stat«s Laundry. 1004
Market ' street.^ TelepHone; South'. 420.-! • f.
FILE PROTESTS
TO DISMISSAL
Societies demand Justice
of Staniford Eegents iv
tlie ' Gsise ; of .* Dr. : Goebel
GERMAN FEIENDS ACT
Complaint Against President
Jordan for ? Calling for
Professors Resignation
0 . *A : ; collection of protests against =. the
summary: dlsmissal»of Dr. Goebel from
the -faculty^ of Stanford University hst3
been' forwarded to the regents -by . Wilr
Ham Denman,- attorney "for! the deposed
professor. Dr. Julius Goebel was forced
to resign; from the '? chair: ; of -German
bec'aus«3 of "alleged unntness, and sinbe ;
that ftini© ; .; every '\u25a0 meaos . have . . "been ,
In-troduoed -to -secure "his' reinatat^meat, i
but' so far. they have been uasuccesgful.
; /TtieVleadin^ .German societies of th.c
United States seem to -have taken a
deep interest in the" affairs of the pro
fessor.and;have volunteered their sup?
port and assistance In the worK of, at
least securing him a bearing before
the board ;<>f; control../. First in- the- list
of letters, -of indignant protest again st
the action : of President Jordan Is V h?t
froni • ;the .\u25a0'.; German-American Alliiihce;
with?*, headquarters^ inf
anU' branches ; in neairly^veryr'SJtatf : :?ih
thtfJTnioni^^Fromithis-^bciety^comea^
vlgdrouss demand 3for#a- fair' and i!imr:
partial 1 trial and it is paid to be in
dorBed::by;the;;2,ooo;ooi»i members in -the
Unit*?d States, acting; through ?; their,
e^cutive^bnimitt^el/-Ittis alleged; that,
the:vletter-; from; this/ organisation-; will;
have f much^ weight v; because jfof,:j its;
strerigjth. '\u25a0'\u25a0' This }'icoxnfi9unication Viwa»|i9-:.
suedlbv; the authority of President C.
J. Hex^mer. " -', : % \u25a0 . --" \-~s~\- :. • '-\u25a0 ,
presidents In control ? of
thej. board of directors iot the; Union of
Old Gorman -Students' :hav<eCj> s*nt;
through' their corresponding : secretary,
a ; declaration of r oppositJcs<:.t6 thejdis-j
missalfiof thefhe'ad of the German de
partment at Stanford. This drganlza
tton is" composed ; of men who haye-at
teridedf ,VG»;man^ universities, V-: both
A meri^an : and '"German born., ''The If ad
ing names on the^board of;directorp*ar©
PresidenOcharles \V. Ellot'of Harvard.
ex-Pre'sld*rit I>. C. Gilman" of Johns-,{
Hopkiha,". President :Schurrhan. of •, Cor
nell and ; President Harp>r of .ChlcaffOi
UniV€ rstt y- -With thiB;jmposinsj list \of
men dtstiricuiahed .in /lh? '" fiollegiate;
world behind; the petitibn.; : strong,hopeg:
a ro Ten tert aihed to get - lir.' \u25a0; Goebel . a
trial before the regents.
ja^reijuest^<t<
by/ the members .of ; the vL'nit'e'd German;
Bocieties:of'KewiYork?in 'their ;deelara£:;
tion asrainst the^ar.b'itraryJreleas^pf^Dr.:
Goeb«Lc^Thisi ! soclety,:;>^ith';af member^
ship i ofj;4o,ooo 'in^New' York; is; proudyof;
the- professor's : arhievrments';apd*;TJeg > 8:
a consideration of the ca?e -by the
regents:
3KGJS TO-KOHHOW MOBM\G
iW*H. B.HHO. » - «,,, .t
\u25a0\u25a0::\u25a0;;•\u25a0>\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0:\u25a0:\u25a0:\u25a0:>\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 .;;\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0 jW.-'S: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.--\u25a0\u25a0--- \u25a0\u25a0•."-\u25a0-:\u25a0:.• - \u25a0•\u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0 \u25a0 .v-.--.-i-'-.------
Amons fhc interc^tmc cMmM'j at-.the
Caltforn-i Staro Nufos * 'onveiition.
which will uuo rUce at «oo P cr Medl
cal- C'oll^fr" August 1 2, . will be
feyor rbartsi;.and bedside notes from a
numbV» of hospitals.' 1 It will be a com
petitive
phy siciartsi will Sp^«t auP:b>%theS;paperB.f
iTh*vjuryXi9Ji^nipbB>>icof/pr^:James/^y<
Ward, I>r, CJ.aTke <». Burnlj-ira, DrJ
Henry- Har'rie... I*r. William Fitch
Cheney, Dr.-;Kmma K. Willt-ts, uitli.Dr.
a? chairman.
:-.^The,'::mempers:.' of the Callforttla.
Sta*ei¥Nijrses';^^sociatioh>;?vrni »• . be
pleased ;t; td ;:have.va.llfipiiyBlctan*t*ftttena
their -clinics- and' aembnstratlons.:.* :
f?.Miss KattfM.* DaA'is;-eha!rman of- the
exhibit conunlttee, reports .that the foi
lpwlner;firms- will* be well 'represented
>t*€the^- exhibit:': Surgical eupplies,
Messrs. Schutts, Walters. Melnicko and
Mallery; 7 pure } foods, • Borden's -Malted
Milk. J. H. Newbauer ft.Cos tea and
MalUatrd & SchmledeU's tablet?; , in
fants' outfit, Schonwacaer & Co.; nurses'
shoes/ koenlg /and \ Resral shoe . store's;
Eldredga ". Ambulance Company, ) Mrk
room :s»ippMes; Vogue : Corset Ccmpnny
and "Pacific Bora* Company. There >vlu
be i aV riumner*. of ,,eickroom appliances.
Jnventetl ».from • sugrgestions igiven v. by
trained; nurses. \u25a0 /\.
. 5 Miss. Sophia f Palmer, editress of the
American! Journal: of TJursing." who is to
take ; an • act ive. part ..in;' the , convention,"
arrived from 'the East' last cvenlng*and
is "staying: "a t ; the St. Francis Hotel.
IiOWEKINrG CXOtOS DO NOT.; . ; .
\VKEEP MERRYMAKERS AT HOME
Threatening: "Weather Rightly' Inter
preted by .Those ; Used to \u25a0It and
.V Croird* Thronj; Resorts. \u25a0•
-\u0084 The ; clouds and /general threatening
weather "of yesterday; made some, of the
usual ;Sunday. : park^and. beach /visitors
afraid t.o .venture in the open, yet there
were* nevertheless ; a goodly number/of
these I people : out : for a trolley : or car
riage * ride. ' .The " rain . did : not "fall * and,
the- San 1 Francisco residents, realizing
this. jWere. not scarce in . the woods '. and
walks'of .the. G-61den Gate Park.. - l . .
strollers along the ocean's
sailds r were;'-several>. Eastern .visitors
with ".uprturned collars "and .umbrellas,
carried as \u25a0 if ; they? were - -expecting ?, &
heavy downpour -and inot 'knowing that
th'e'summer clouds mean fog. The stiff
wind \ from ; the -west had "the .effect- of
'cheering' those- with g heavy --.business
<-ares : and putting-newlife into the'in
digeht;i .\u25a0:-\u25a0 \u25a0 ; \u25a0, -- ', : .",''~.\, . '
- Motor * cars speeded • along : the beach
and boulevard,^ but' the. afternoon- was
slightly-;chilly f 6r^ such , \u25a0 exhilarating
sport. '- .- \u25a0.'•;\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 ' ; .:\u25a0.' \u25a0• '. -..'-.•
\u25a0 ,-Kevertheless the, Californiah motorist
was'late! In leaving the ! sandy ; tracks ..- : ..'
' In\.the- park- were • several^ thousand
outing people"; listening to the -band aiid.
watching the -tennis 'and baseball.- '-.The
green^' of ? j the "surroundlngi.* landscape*
proves the'-grea test "of -the {at
tractions '.oh -Sunday. ;\u25a0': "
DRUNKEN -ITALIANS FIGHT AND
ONE IS SEVERELY; INJURED
Trouble . of .Year's Standing^ Breaks -Out
Openly -- While _the ' Feud Is ts 1 Are
'""'. '" * -.x. x ' *-> Intoxicated/ : .-" ''•,
-'GpvinniaFoppiano, was: severely, cut
on; the; scalp yesterday/d uring; a* drunk
en .rowj with, Eugene -Cressi'.-; in the
house i,which :theyj occupied; Jointly,' at
1114' .Vermont' street." V.The ;injured ; man
was I ; taken^tO; the" City, and County Hos-"
pital,'i where; fourtcenr' stitches .^wer?
sewiedjtb "close ithe; wound.'.; Hl3_assail
ant-was!booked at '. the!' Misslonifstatibn
for lassault^with^a' deadly "weapon. '',' ';, \u25a0
\' The*, two'men* ha djbeen: on f unfriendly
terms \ t br^'a "• ye'^r their /*.' trouble
broke ;'out »af resh j yesterday \ af ter/each
became* ihtbxicat"ed.l r j Cressi \u25a0 grabbed Jan
ax^arid YclubVlwithliwWch* he is/said ; to
have*;b"eateri?FbppianoTori'theskull. * *
', Shakes \u25a0 Bui Mings.
•". -'A '-, pfonburiced^ylbrationi of .; the. earth
was>f elt Hhis -raorniog.sat- I :39 "o'clock.
It -was 1 feU T v distinctly :': in "all' the:> big
bulldlnss-of. r the.city/ s. .\* . \u25a0_ , :
Specials for Monday— Tuesday— Wednesday
TABLE BUTTER— finest creamery .....2 Ib square ,50, 2 squares .95
Tea— Bee Brand Ceylon : 50ap— H0me. .. ........... S caku ,25
Special .80 .'6O .50 . .40 G. B. & Ca. rcg ly 6 for 25c
Reg'ly SJ.OO . .Soc .60c .50c __ Olive FarcißS— Teyssonneau ..smU ,25
Coffee—Hawaiian" Beauty. I Ib. carton .30 rt g.| y 30c— 55c bot Ige. .45
;.. : Old hand picked Kona. Crack'erS—ust wafers can ,20
I Molasses or. Peanut Candy— a. b. c.—a» but chocolate. «s; 2sc
reg Iy 25c. per 1b. .....1.... .15 ChOCOlatB — unsweetened ,32\
Salmon— reg'ly 20c 2 ib. tin .15 Baker's, re^iy 40c Ib.
Lard— SeaFoam,-3ib5.35c..,.5ib5. .55 Bromangelon— ns'\y !2#c iq
; : reViy '40c— 65c- $1.25 . : 10 Ib. pail 1 .00 M UStard— Horseradish ;. .10
Codfish-selected . . ...... 2 Ib. brick .20 Piquant relish. re S ly 15c bot
Pickles— sweet ....... ..sml. bot. .15 Ham— deviled.... ...... ..-Klb can .20
S VrglnU, re S :2oc-35c.lje. bot .27i ' Underwood;,, rej'ly 25c
Vitbs-Pni5bury. 1....... 21b. pkg. .20 Cheese-Swb, rejiy 35c 1b.......
r A, ur erb^tfood,. : 3^. 50 *™»3gg? ~^ ;
Herring— Kippered : .^U Jordan, reg'ly ssc Ib,. ..: . ? .V.
;.-: Moir-sScotch,re S ly2sc.«:an. • \u0084 • _ PimierftOSMorronßS— reJ.2C6i^ ,15 j
Sleeve Iron— r«sKr s«e 35 Wash Board— rtversfcu ...... «mi. ,40
, r For shirt wajsts and Infants' clothes «3'ty 50c— 73c . . i Igc % 60/ i
ShJrtMii&BofflS
:- Can be adjusted to any Ironing table -Wood frame. » Inch rollers, warranterj
Claret-reglySOcsaJJon.^.. 40 WiS^ey-Scoteh D. X. L .. bot ,55
. A pure Zintandei wine Highland Ctob. re^Ty 31.00
Beert-Eyerard's Mali l^er . v . . iptil 1 ,35 Highland Hittv.K%y 5L50. . .v;. 1.15
reg'iy 51.35-5235 dot ... qts. 2.10 Absinthe—Bergtr's or Perno^i .... 1,20
Ala— wh»t2Ub«i.ffg.s2.2s....doz 2.10 MaltWhiskay .....bot .75
Porter— White Labdreg.S2.oo.efe 1.85 Wm. P«wi. reg'fy 51.00
French «• Ital^n v> ; * Six kinds, ready to we. rtg SI.OO bot (
MILLIONAIRE
CRITICALLY ILL
Samuel S. Johnson. Minneap?
olis Lumber-Magnate,Sub
mits to Surgeon's Knife
Samuel S. Jotnson,. a mljllonaire.luixiber
man -of Minneapolis /and (presldeht-vb^the.
/ari^b^:;^m^b/^^mpan'y "of i : thls.;State^ :
lios in ::a. critical/ conditibn Ciri; Berkeleyy
as a result of an ope ration^perform* 1 *!
wasf i'ecelyed
iye^terdtyj by i? several /;oi ~. hits In
:tlie i<faUfornla:v c'nterpriseVt?"whO: have?just
arrh^d a tithe. St; Francis Hotel .from the
?|?as£Kthg£i HttleV hepe^ for ~ Johnson's £ re
:;.cbveryCis -sectertained;:rC : \u25a0Two:": weeks, .ago
- Johnsbn; i whbj was at; the^McClOUd J^nllls
lnspeciiri#?;the % was
.taksttssu4d«nly/ ill • and \ was.. brought ;• to
:':t.Ws*'qltysin f a: speclai:car.- ;. Mlm condition
.becixnersuch yth»t> two
phe;:'pf-iMinneapolis'and another of Ke-ar
*york,> were- telegraphed to coroe. Immedl
aielj^tb Berkeley and they arrived a few
days ago. 1 ' '•" \u25a0 '"/ ' - \u25a0;'
,A -hurried .diagnosis' of Johnson'? case
suggested to the medical experts "Mhe
necessity of an Immediate operation, end
having madfi-evary preparation for the
worst,- the' lumter magnate 'submitted to
the;* s'irgeon'f \u25a0 knJf e Saturday. He did
not rally as satisfajctoriiy as had been
hoped- and yesterday his llfo . v,as
despaired of.
aiiliionalre Johnson is widely known
throushout the Kcrthwest. vberd he has
been' engaged iv the iDiober business for
many years. .When the Minneapolis eapi-
Jallsts. amons them'J. H. Qu?al. who ar«
rlvetf i a t . ih» St. Frahtfis Hotel • several
days ago. purchsfed th<* Scott & Van
Aisdale tumber mjlls on the McCloud Rlr
er and 'reorganized tha «?ottcera tinder the
name of tho McClotnl Lumber Company.
Johnson carae' from the East to fill the
position of president and general man
cger of tne big corporation. He moved
with ; his . .family^ to Berkeley. Bright's
disease Is said to be: the primary cause of
his - present illness. : \u25a0-. ..
ha'^oud jevktri3\' may fioov
. '.; •BBCO>tB.A3HLIiio.VAIRE
"Young Jeweler Is neported to ' Have
. *•' *^lad« n "Rich 'Stride In'the v
." 'Bullfrwc District. \u25a0
Harbi^ Jeffrey, who a few months
ago was plodding along" with a meagei?
salary'in the.eniployof Shrcve & Co. of
this -city,', now enjoys the disti-ction ot
bein^ one x of c. the- future , millionaire
mine operators ;of : the Bullfrog district
In '-iNftVada. Vhe. latest reports ; from
Bullfrog:- -are to .tjfie 'effect that Jeffrey
•and> several' friends - who Uave been
working- clalins ! .there for the past few
months have, at a depth of > forty feet,
iStruck.-t>r.e..that Is. averaging anywhere
from %SO to t»ss a ton. • .•••
"Jeffrey's Claims adjoin those- of the
famous v-Montgomery-Shoshone mine,
near Bullfrog. . and were . selected hap
hazardly by thtr young- jeweler several
months ago, when he enured upon his
first experience in ,- a. • Western mining
camp. - -ph ; the advice of ; Montgomery,
who took ah interest in Jeffrey, the lat
ter'sunk', a.-shaft that yielded rich ore
from, the ? start.-.-.- Mining : men arriving:
. here • yesterday,; from .Bullfrog staged
that "Jeff rey's -.clalras .are showing ' as
rich r , ore 'as .: tho"
minel- The.y oung roan, realizing that ho
t has .struck^it^rich ;ancl" sorely needing
capital/ shared 1 his : ]p^iipQrties!-'w^ttt>sev>-'
"eral ; close." friends, whovhaye. advanced
him ; the, money .with'-. which? to /proceed
with-lhl3 \u25a0 development work,/ and '.wjith
them he has formed a close -Corporation
which will workthe'rriine. 1 ." -!;.\u25a0•. »\u25a0 ; '-.• •-' . -.
Uses Beer' Glass an a -^Veapoii.
\u25a0:. ; yVYalter -Haron, ,who* lfveiiafthe iP*hii«
lipa House at Sixtlt andAllsslbhystreetsr
was ?; struck on the .hf ad "yesterday by
James Faga'n. who Viised'f br'hls wiiapp'n
a 'heavy. 1 beer .-glass! " H^ron'. '.jva's ; Caken.
to' the '.Central « Emergency. Ho.spjfal ' s :tnd
It was i found . tha t\ his skull • .tad '.been
fractured. . . The trouble occurred • at , the
Germania Gardens. v where the men wijre
Playfng crgps. An argument ensued
and* Fagan lost , his temper and struck
his 'victim with the glass. Fagan was
charged "at the North : End . station with
battery.*! -'."-- — »^; ; .',., .".•»,";.< \u0084_' "
;;.r.'Tah|ti - 13 ;tbe -best cf aIL myi trips, and : I
have* been! across th<" Pacific many times: It Is
4he ;po-t'» land. ;where It is "always afternoon,
ami.my; fancy, ever turns"' toward", It with an
ticipation' aniinpleasure." This' was \u25a0 tho ex
pression, of fa-< world, \u25a0-£ reveler., who made the
trip to Tahiti A reduced rate
of $125 will :b- made for, the voyage cf August
o,'-> Scud tor.; circular,: Co 3 .-Market street. • \u25ba
CASf(QRIA
Tor; lnfants; and Children.,
The! Kind Ydu^ Have Always Bought
Bears the w /!*&' y/ify t \F~
ansxiCAir. shoots visitor ..
DECAVSBOF FAKCIEI> WSFLT
GmoTßf- CUur Flrf« Tiro 51»o«i at Frank
Garcia— One Bnltet l.odt»-* la
1 ;; /George Clay, ai Mexican, made an at
tempt/early yesterday evening to kill
Franks Garcia of 339 Sixth street In th%
home of^ John > Clay 'at. 915^ Mission
street,' : It;va3J;ohly due to>«the poor
i marksnianshtp of Clay, that he-failed to
I carry by t, -his Intent, for h^e fired two
[ sbbts.ione of itheiai taking effect ; In the
f victim's leg.: The trouble Is alleged t/>
| havefbeeurred : qver/Garcla's 3llght'j«
| : Oebrg? CHay/when he'entered-the I^l li
of ojohn: ;Clay, 'whom .ha/was paying « ;
visit. -, * /.:\u25a0. -\u25a0 .;\u25a0;
i Theifinex*'' en^ised '.lnia seated; argn
mfnt»J.wher»,'!(*laj' ptilled "a revolver. andi:
• fired at Gaf^lap' the r bun«C; just missimf
i Mrs. :: John ? Oiay. ,*rJtM> vwas-sitttnff.in the ;
irooni^at^the-tlnie;^- He^red: anther/
i Phb]tr whlcli Ktbpk>effect; ilt^Garcia**- leg^;
! Several ipoliceinaeh/were^attracted to/tha..
i scenWiLand^arrested/Clay arid'-;/ charged 1 Vi
: hiiiv at>ithelSbathern ;station./witit y at- /
'tenipt.t<> : murtleir.-;-The-tajured man.. was f
treated at^the^ Cefaty : El^gei^;:lKosry
pttal; \u25a0'- '• :
I-,. \u25a0::\u25a0... *.:• \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 --\u25a0-.-\u25a0>-. •\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 •.\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-—...\u25a0.• \u25a0\u25a0 _n_; \u25a0-••-• /-..\u25a0
•Everybody; ls£o§m
"SBrV'Hll^^L Thpm All
Jjgfc^JJLg^> lUCill All
-Our Beautiful :
American TalMngMacMne
Free to Everybody
Purchasing; pu? . «, ;
Teas Coffees Spices^ '
'. S : - i'^-J-: China -^ .j: ';;\u25a0
Crockery, Glassware
Offers of tjie Age ' ;
; j Clip this Coupon bat. brins
v *A it to any of cur stores. .";\u25a0 y
y' \ . Its value Is • '-..' •?.
«• $5.00 worth of ; Coupons .
55 toward getting yoa the..
; : Talking. Machine Free
Boys, Girls;>and Yqun? Ladies •
: . tills^^ls-Your Chance
;\u25a0 Come and See' Va
Great Americaa lepertiag Tea Co.
."t^W -Stores; Everywhere- )
* "JUST LIKE A FLCASANT MOMt" : :
iIEW; RUSS HdliSE ™S
' CHAS. NEWMAN CO.. Props. \u25a0-.
, Convenient to all car Mnes," places of amuse-
ment and prominent' buildings. A hotel of un-
excelled service. European. $1 per day up-
ward; American. $2 per day upward. Special
rat. a to fimili«s. The famous F.'jso a la, carts
dinner*.' 75c.' Tha table is supplied with prod-
ucts - direct from Mr. - Newman's ranca. Mer-
cantlla Lunch $7 per month. '
(l PATENTS! >)
(*k 1 CB I £f^ Ammunition. Hunting and
|I j lilB «v Sorting Goods. Largest
B_« nSlj stock. Lowest price*. Send
\Jk %j} § sSsrbve j 'a barber co..
\u25a0^.v.- 7U!> Market st.. and • 521
'." ' Kiirw st. ~
Weekly- Call, $1 Per Year