LOISIANA SENDS OUT NAVAL CREWS TO
REPEL THE MISSISSIPPIANS.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 2.— Governor Blanchard has ordered" Captain Bostick of the
Naval Brigade 1 to .impress the fleet of patrol boats of the Oyster Commission into service
and arm them and patrol the waters now in possession of Mississippi, boats... To
morrow morning a launch filled with rapid-fire guns and manned- by officers and crew
from the Naval Brigade will leave for the scene. • \u25a0-.•,.' ".".
Continued on Pace 2, Colama 4b
...
PORTLAND, Aug. 2.— lt is announced
to-night 'that Judge Hunt ; of Montana
will try the remaining: land fraud
cases,, relieving Judge de Haven." A
new Grand Jury panel will be drawn at
once.
Judge Hunt to Try, Land Frauds.
' DETROIT, Aug. 2.— A Tribune special
frbm"Sault ; Ste."^Marie','MlchV, says Vice
President Fairbanks was seized with an
acute" attack of {indigestion at the Jre-!
ception^t6 : nlght"and had \to'be*aslsisted
from i-'tlie* stand In; the park.' ." He;walked
\u25a0 to „ the Iroquois ; Hotel \u25a0; and repaired to
his room:immediately.;. To all callers he
sent word that': he f.would';be unable -to
bee any one until morning.
Forced to Go at Once to Hotel
randDeirr Himself to
• , -^ ' Callers.; l
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FAIIiBANKS TAKEN
ILL ATHECEPTIOX
MRS. MACKAY WINS
BY LAEGE 3EAJOKITY
OMAHA, Neb., 'Aug. ; 2.— Through ;, the
aid of a dream, In which she>aw a muf
fled figure following, her husband, Mrs.
I. R. Andrews, -president of the Omaha
Woman's Club, last; night succeeded in
locating the 'body ' of her husband on a
bank of j the Platted River. ' The dream oc
curred last ' Friday night, when Andrews
was at Cedar Creek, 100 miles from
Omaha. Andrews | disappeared that nigSt
and' was not' heard: of 'again/ He was a
wealthy lawyer; of; this 1 city.
'Andrews had gone; to a, gravel pit to
payoff, his employes. " On Saturday morn
ing he was missing. .A telegram, was sent
to his wife,, but .because of .' her ' strango
dream the , hieht* before she had * already
started a' search when the telegram ar
rived.' : ';..\u25a0\u25a0 :-.".*.• •' . . \u25a0 \u25a0 "\\\- ..'.%.':.\u25a0 '\u25a0'•'v. : "
On arriving at; the : gravel pit &he- was
informed : that f Andrews had, gone . dowu :
the^ river \u25a0 the : night / before, .j She \ irisisted
that,, in her ; dream, : he^ had, gone up the
stream. \u0084 - ; ; \u25a0 i
Parties searched in -both ; directions.
Last night the body, was found near
where she had seen; the figure following
her husband in- the dream.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Woman Leads Searchers to the Spot
Where Her Husband Lies Dead.
DREAM REVEALS A MURDER
TO THE VICTIM'S WIFE.
CHIEF EXECUTIVES OF SISTER STATES WHO, AFTER A MISUNDERSTAND
ING, HAVE JOINED HANDS IN FIGHT AGAINST THE YELLOW FEVER,
v - \u25a0 AND ONE OF THE' SURGEONS AIDING IN BATTLE WITH PESTILENCE.
Ibis completely tied the hands of the
administration, because there is no doubt
in the minds of Mayor Dunne and his
immediate advisers .that the majority of
the' Council is bitterly opposed to con
demnation; proceedings and would defeat
any ordinance adopting that policy.
It leaked- out to-day in the City Hall
that this is not . the case— that Mayor
Dunne is. as much an advocate of con
demnation a«, ever, but that he has met
with such opposition as to completely
block the way. It i 3 said that he has in
his desk an opinion from the Corporation
Counsel on the subject and that the legal
department has advised him that con
demnation proceedings, unlike, an or
dinary lawsuit, require Council 1 action^
An ordinance directing the law depart
ment to start condemnation proceedings
is necessary. ' ! . \u25a0
.For some time It has been the belief in
traction circles and In the City Hall
among those not on the inside, bin who
are supporters of the immediate munici
pal ownership idea, that Mayor Dunne
has experienced a change of heart since
he took office and that he no longer is an
advocate of condemnation as an alterna
tive now that the traction companlos
have refused to name a price which he
considers reasonable.
CHICAGO, Aus. 2.-The condemnation
of the 'traction , lines as a method of
bringing about municipal ownership has
run against a stone wall. The plun ad
vocated by Slayor Dunne and his cor
poration counsel, James Hamilton Lewis
on the stump in the campaign as an al
ternative to an amicable purchase of the
properties from street railway companies
has come to grief because of a provision
In the State laws and the opposition of a
dcitimined majority of the Councl
"Yep, I* dlrec' envelopes over t' th'
master mechanic's ofilce," was the la
conic reply, as the lad left the car. He
left Mr. Harriman and the other mag
nates in an uproar, and the Joke no doubt
will follow Mr. Harriman for some time.
CHEYENXE, Wyo., Aug. 2.— During
President's Harrlman's visit to Cheyenne
Frank Jones, the young son of Chief
Clerk D. A. Jones of the master mechan
ic's office was sent to the private car
with a telegram for Superintendent
McKeen. Pushing his way into the pri
vate car of President Harriman, the lad
said:
"Hello; I got er telegram fer McKeen."
"You mean Mr. McKeen," interposed
Mr. Harriman.
"Yep, I guess so; th' head cheese'f th*
motive department."
Mr. Harriman smiled and took the tele
gram and had it sent to Mr. McKeen.
"What do you do?" he asked the lad.
"I'm. one 'f th' directors 'f th' Union
Pacific."
"\vhat!" exclaimed -.it. Harriman.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Bjxcial Dispatch to The Call,
No Immediate Munici
pal Ownership in
Chicago.
Lad Leaves Railroad
Man Laughing
Heartily.
decline in the section be low-* Canal s"treer.
where the sanitation con"dltiQ,ns are more
favorable for the spreaU'qff the disease,
there will be little difficulty in stampin^,
out the malady " which may be under'
treatment elrewnere. "lhe.re-ij no attempt
to conceal the- fac"t that the extent of' tljjs
fever shows a seriaua statue of . affairs.*,
but there is believed not to be "any Jus*- «
tlfication for the fterror which seems ta*
have spread over the -country outside of;
New Orleans.
That the .fever continues as an Italian
•infection is shown by the fact that In the
list of forty-two the Italian victims,num
ber. thlrty-flve. The six dead are rela-_.
tlv.es. • . *
" CASES' ARE COXCEALED.
In spite of-' all that 'has been -done to
reassure. then, many of the Italians con
tinue to 'make efforts to "conceal thelr^
cases. Thsy are still panic stricken and
turn in fear from the = physicians and
health officers. It was due -largely to *fhe '
energy with which ttr© marine : h"ospltal
•force's 1 set about the wbrk -of discovering
hidden cases that Tuesday's reccrd w«i3
made so large.
With local inspectors they. Ignored th«
custom and insisted, upon, reaching spots*
" where they believed] cases to exl3t». Since.
this campaign has been In" progress cases
have turned up In lhe"njoat unexpected*
places. In one Instaac* wlren the officers
had made -a thorough inspection of
premises and failed to find what" they
were looking for they went through a
skylight and found a sick man lying on
the roof. In another case tfiey f ojcmd a
patient concealed under a* cistern. 'The*
other day -a wason" loaded v.'U.h "house
hold goods and accompanied by Italians.
, started to cross on, the ferry. Suajiicious'
officers insisted on an investigation and
when, the wagon was unloaded" a verjs
I sick man was found. One of the reasons
the fever has spread arnon? the Italians
; is Because the*y sleep without protection
against mosquitoes.
Postmaster" Woodward' to-day received
a letter from* the railway mail service at
Atlanta* saying that Greennetcl.* Miss., has
notified that officer that hereafter.lt will
receive no letter mailed from New Or"
! leans that has not been disinfected and
that under no circumstances will. It re
i ceive newspapers whether disinfected or
not.. " • ••
It was said at the State_ Board of Health
to-day that Secretary 'Hunter of the
Mississippi board would probabljr b« here
shortly to survey the situation generally
Another complication has developed
In the same connection. . The British,
ship Brayhead of the; Head line, after
completing her cargo in New Orleans,
stopped at' the Mississippi side of Lake
Borgne canal to get a deckload of lum
ber, but the Mississippi boats abso
lutely refused to allow a tug to '"go to
the mouth of Pearl River to get . the
barge and rafts. \u25a0 The Brayhead was
obliged to leave without the cargo, and
the agents and the owners will, lay the
' matter before the \u25a0 British Government.
\u25a0To-day's report of the fever situation
showed a gain in the . number of deaths,
but .the health authorities /confessed to
no. alarm over the situation and said that
more fatalities were, looked for from the
fact that' in the past three or four d'aya
there has. been a sufficient 'increase in
the, number, of cases to, warrant tae ex
pectation of heavier' mortality. High, tem
peratures' succeeded , by heavy, precipita
tion and; cooler weather produced climatic
conditions, also- favorable, to fatalities.
Practically ; all of. the deaths were : of
Italians, and : nearly all of > them were
either in the -Emergency, Hospital or in
the district"; adjacent 'thereto." .Some of
the : victims • were . unfortunate^ . whose
cases ; were also reported : in the last two
4ays, ! indicating that they were in a prac-
The Rlgolets drawbridge, on which
the Louisville and Nashville Railroad
crosses, is five miles from the Missis
sippi line and distinctly ~ in Louisiana
territory. It was found to-day that a
man named Blunt, claiming to be In
charge of the Mississippi patrol In
these waters, had stationed himself on
the bridge, armed with two shotguns,
and prevented the bridge-keeper from
opening the draw' to allow boats to
pass out from Lake Pontchartrain Into
Lake Borgne. Many other complaints
also have been received.
There ; ure -elfffateen boat* at Ship
Island, which were captured by ' the
3llM*lHKlppl patrol 3 and tawe d by the
revenue cutter AVlnona to Ship- Island
quarantine station. It 1* claimed that
every one of these vessel* was taken In
•Louisiana waters.
by Governor Vardaman's quarantine
mosquito fleet and the armed guards
stationed at Pearl River is not Im
proved by the bellicose statement given
out by Governor Vardaman to-day.
Captain Bostick and General Peril-
Hat, after an investigation, confirmed
the first reports of an Invasion by
Mississippi authorities and of the ac
tion of the Mississippi patrol boats In
closing Louisiana waters to Louisiana
fishermen.
MAYOR DUNNE'S
PLANS BALKED
BY COUNCILMEN
YOUNGSTER'S
WIT AMUSES
MR. HARRIMAN
The tunnel's eventual capacity Is
placed at 150,000 tons a day of in-and-out
freight.
The most important connections are
with the Chicago and Norm western; the
Pennsylvania lines; the Chicago, Mil
waukee a/id St." Paul; the Chicago, Bur
lington and' Quincy; the Chicago and Al
ton; the Illinois Central; the Baltimore
and Ohio; the Chicago Terminal Transfer;
the Wisconsin Central lines; the Chicago
and Western Indiana, ana the Chicago
and Great Western.
Kuilw-iy freight to be handled in the
near future for nearby mercantile houses
is "to be less than carload lots.-* mer
chandise and coal." Electric elevator
connections are now being established be
tween the tunnel and the levels of the
freight houses, and the car service or the
subway is ample at the present time to
meet all ordinary demands. This ser
vice between the freighthouse^ and
the mercantile establishments cavers
for the present •' > an area eight
Weeks - wide amr' ten block* —long.
The business houses making use of the
tunnel have either- put in elevators or
Vuilt their basements down to connect, so
that cars can be loaded without loss of
time. Where elevators are used, the cars
are run to them and hoisted to' the de
sired level for loading
About 115,000 tons of freight is now daily
teamed througn the congested business
district of Chicago. With the tunnel
complete, the handling of 7000 tons daily
now. 15.000 tons daily within a few weeks
and 30,000 tons daily by the first of the
year, as the officials expect, will go a long
way toward relieving the traffic conges
tion on the surface before twelve month 3
shall have passed.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— Underground con
nections were, completed to-day by* the
Illinois Tunnel Company with the freight
houses and downtown yards of every
steam railway entering Chicago
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 2.— An immense
fisij, rescrTiblingr a monster .rockcod In
sliap*. but many times . larger, was
caught in Monterey Bay this morningr
and Is on exhibition at the beach. It
weighs 310 pounds' and has a -mouth |
large enovgh to swallow a good sized )
boy. It was.caugrht -by Louis Beverino. !
an Italian fisherman. -Local fishermen
call It a Jew nsh and say that It ia
many years since one -of the specios
Jans been seen on this coast.'
Specimea Snld to Tip fho Schlm ;it
. Tiir«*r- Humlreil and Ten
'»lO"VSTIi"n FISH CAUGHT j
IX SAXT.V CRUZ WATERS
Never has Roslyn witnessed such a
sight as was seen aoout the village
school house from noon until 4 o'clock
this evening.- The largest vote ever cast
at an election here before was eighty
four. Mrs. Mackay and John F.Remsen,
who were on the same- ticket, polled 253
and 254 votes, espectively. Almost every
member, of the Roslyn Republican Club
turned out for Mrs.. Mackay.
JtOSI/rx, Aug. 2.-Mrs. Clarence H.
Mackay is now a trustee of wie Union
Free School of Roslyn, having been elect
ed to-day for a term of three years,, and
there is great rejoicing m Roslyn to
night, with few exceptions. These ex
ceptions are Dr. Peter D. Leys and
eighty-three, of his firm friends who re
mained close to their candidate for school
trustee..;,"
• WOOSTER. Ohio, • AOg. 2.-A prejimin
ery .Ekirnr.sh In the- Tapgart" divorce case
occurred. to-day, when Judge Easbn took
U;> the question raised.. by Attorney .Wertz,
ccjusel for Major- Taggart, who asked
that an leiters- -.and'- papers passing be
tween Major Taggatt ;ind his- -wife and
between Mrs. TaWgilrtimd William • Tag
gart,-co-rej?.r?cridenf and cousin \u25a0 of.' the
TiaintifC, "be produced, ia court. .' Judge
Eason r«fnse*i to faqOire the production
of all letters and papers., but ".ordered tbe
<st-fenda>u to product?- those thai passed
btiween ths-xtarties • named during 'the
months"©* June. July'-and August, 1503. :
The opening, art of. the trial began at 1
o'clock fciforeja. coiistrbbm crowded' with
p.en.,, Xo .woir.^. wore present with the 1
exception " of, Mrs. Taggart. .her sister.
Mrs. Shields; and. a friend, M.rs.-'Vose of
'. .Fort Sheridan,' ChiCag©;- who '" occupied
teats at the table \u25a0 with Congressman- j
. eiect. M.. L,. -Smyser atj'd/CaptaJn J. .8.
; Taylor, counsel for rhe 'defendant. '..
, Attorney .AVei-tz stated, thsvt it : was the
; plaintiff's desire, thaf th* Case' be heard
t^JunJ closed- <J«or»: "ta giving Ifls rea*sonT
• for.tliis reQuest he said: ..."•. t>_..;:.
"Thfere \u25a0will be lots.. of e\-idence refiect-*
: Ing- on l.he honor of jrrftn'y people."
Judge Bmyeer objected, saying: • .\u25a0>'•'*
\u25a0"it is too. late .now to aslc'* that. Many
eeriouB ( charges have .already ..been made.
The • charges Jbave . already gained much
publicity and w.3 d-rn't care -to liave the
light of investigatioii turned down."
COCRT SPSTAiys OJJJECTIOV.
• Judge' IJason ; sustained the objection
and tlje;cass wtli be ..conducted in open
. -\u25a0\u25a0Att^rriey" .W-ertz 'made his'"preliminary :
tiatemciit. Jn' -which -he recounted the
, ryehts .in the career of Major Taggart
<ronj=<:arly -boyhood up to the tjm.e when!
he.*, was •married to- GJrace Culver, the
adopted, daughter. of William .Culver. Two
•chtldrtr. .tvere. born -of this unibn. He said I
\u25a0PP 1 * I .*. "P lain tiff. expectc-d' "to show .that at !
various, tlnie^ Mrs. • Taggart ' associated"
With ". person's c.f unsavory reputation j
.jß^ai'nst '.the -rejnonstrances of her has- ]
- bahd:'..thaf at.Fqrt Thomas she 'consorted
vith one "Lieutenant Richter, a friend of
the family, whith conduct en" the part ot
. hte w^fe did. not become .known to Major
Tae^art until after' bfe separation from
her; that In .Chicago in 19ul her relations
. .*-. i.th. a .man earned S;>?ncer and with
.'- lieutenant: Bash' were reprehensible In
" the highest' decree."
"The first .charge made., against her In
\u25a0 To'lves .WjUiam Taggart. ' She also is ac
i .cij*ed. ; of being .associated vrtthi Mr. and!
• i£n=;. Poore. -persons cf allegea bad repu
; .laiiorr, at Fort -Thomas, Kentucky. It is
f!:'rt.her alleged that . they' afterward \
. : *hotfed \Xp at For. liiavenworth, Kan- 1
• *as. where Mrs. Taggart renewed their j
• that certain clandestine
xncex'.ng^ occurred at Fort Lcavenworth '
between Ill's. Taggart and Charles W. j
.Miner; commander of the post; that she
as at .various times found with Lieuten
tJkttt KortessQue in places that would ex
cite* euspicjon; that •eM was at various
f'imes f*und. in an intoxicated condition;
•that she* was addicted to cigarettes; that
' c barrel of empty «juart 'whisky bottles
was • haule3 away from her home j
in. .Oroville; "that she never attended.
. chyrcn- a dozen . times .in her life until i
.' ihe came to Wooster, where she joined a !
church;. that afterward she .was unduly |
".lr.tijxate with t"he eon cf a prominent !
y.'ooster merchant, spending the Fourth '
tot .July with the merchant's family at j
Silver Lake, near Akron, Ohio. •
"*.. DEXI-ns Al-L JUXEG IITIOXS.
Judge Smj'ser in his opening statement
• denied ai" the allegations of the plaintiff,
statLig .that*, the stories of Mrs. Tag- !
. igaj*t's . indiscretions came- from the
"emanations erf the half-crazed brain of J
•* flre plaintiff." . |
• "He said that Major Taggart had ob- |
\u25a0 tamed possession of the children In 3an
: lYancisco *yn<!e.r tlie pretense of taking j
t-h«n out to dinner and abducted them, i
• bribting. them .to Wayne County, where )
he waf compelled to" surrender them on
V.abfss corpus proceedings.
Judae Smyser also declared that the
•niajof .v.'as guilty of extreme cruelty. and j
"drunkenness, and that clothing which he I
fcVe from Mrs. Tagp.r.rt's body at Fort
Jjeavcnwerth will be produced in evJ
dertce. Hwß
Tv. - J> .uf-imi*orta:it witnesses were heard j
at the afternoon sc-ss!on. • J
. i
BOSTON. Aug. 2.— Charging the house
I of HalglH & Freese, stockbrokers of New
| Yor,k and Boston, with being a swindle
i from beginning to end. "a bucket shop"
in Us method of business, out of which
William H. LiUis and George G. Turner,
•the principal owners, have taken at least
i- J300,000, James D. Colt, the Boston re-
I ceiver of the company, filed his first re
. port in ihc> United States Circuit Court
! here this afternoon.
| - Against the concern, Colt declares.
j there are claims of at least W&0.000. with
'. many thousands more that have a fair
: -chance •• of successful suit for collection.
j To pay this the various receivers have
I less than $175,1)00, out of which the ex
j per.see will have to be paid.
* Describing how orders were '"filled"
| merely by telegraphing from the custom
| er's room to a private room, the receiver
j says that no orders were actually cxc
; cuted unless in rare instances a customer
insisted. The report says:
"The cash found in the Boston office
was $3233 74. From banks outside of Bos
ton In. Massachusetts and other States
_!.- received^varlous^ amounts,- _. which. In
cluding balances and cash items, amount
ed-in all to $95,940.. The stocks, valued at
..Jlj.ooo. probably '.will be claimed by cus
tomers • as their property, subject, of
course to the claims of the company for
any-indebte'lness from, such customers. \u25a0
"The assets in N.ew York which have
come to the hands of the receivers do
not exceed $75,000. In Philadelphia the re
ceiver has received $4824. There are re
ceivers in Connecticut, Washington.
Maryland and Virginia, but the amounts
had' by them probably will not aggregate
| mure than $15,000, out of which the ex
| ponses of the receiverships must be paid.
"I venture the opinion that valid
i claims in excess of $400,000 can be estab
jliEhed against the company."
Special Dispatch to The Call
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sp«c'** Dispatch to The Call.
Italians. Furnish Majority of
Victims in New Orleans. . • I
I<Tl^^7V ORLEANS', • iA.-U.g." '. 2.— Tlie
yello-w fever record \xp> .:to S
o'olools. tliis e^venirig follows:.,
J> O"w ca,SGS •• -...*.•"• \u25a0 ' .-.»• *. ':'. 30
Total oases to ''dL&X&.'.' .V: : ."T.V.V. 7;V. "s^S
Deathsto-day— •:.-.:..:.....::, • 11
Total deaths to ciate ........ :v. :..:.-. , r 7©
isrev^ s\i"b-fooi ;7. .-..-.. ••• -4
Total s-u.ID-±00i. .;..:..\u25a0...\u25a0/....:.• ;:'.; 54
NEW ORLEANS. Aug. 2. — The con
trol ersy between the States of Louisi
ana and Mississippi over the invasion
tlcally moribund condition when' their Ill
ness was reported. 'It is • confidently be
lieved that once the infc.-tfon begins to
Subway Connects With Every
Railroad Entering the
Illinois Metropolis.
Liabilities of Eaight & Freese
Will Aggregate More
;'.. . Than $400,000.
Counsel .Presents Series of
•/. Sensational .Accusations
: .Against tie Wife,
Teaming on Business
Streets of the City
Soon to Cease.
Orders Filled by Tele
graphing From Room
to Room.
Many Reputations May
Be Scattered Dur
ing Trial. -
WEATHER AIDS FEVER
Death Rate -Grows but Health
Authorities Not Alarmed.
Army "Man s Fight
. -Begun. v
Cars Run Direct
to Wholesale
Houses.
Dishonest Methods
of Firm That
Failed.
CHICAGO'S
BIG TUNNEL
COMPLETED
SWINDLING
GAME RUN
BY BROKERS
TAGGART'S
LONG ARRAY
OF CHARGES
WMJ^PMIS MORE"NEWS : -THftl*:M
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "The Fortunes • of. th«
King." Matinee.
CHUTES — Specialties. Matinee. •
CENTRAL— "Th« Cattle King,"
COLUMBIA — "Weather Beaten Ben
son." * . .
•GRAND— "KcVXldrey." ' •
•-. - „ \u25a0
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville. MaU=e».
TIVOLI— "Rob Roy.'" ' "
"THB WEATHER.
Forecast made act San Fr&ncJsco for
dirty hours ending midnight, Au
ust 3:
•San Francisco, and' vicinity — Clou ay
\u25a0"sureday' -morning^ becoming fairt
refh West .wind.
. • G. H. WIUSON,- •
- Local Forecaster,
': . Temporarily In Charge. *
PRICE FIVE "CENTS.
Volume . xcvhl— no. .04.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1905.
The San Francisco CallBOSTON, Aug. :2.— Duane Herbert
Church.7 whose invention of - about :• 150
machines has revolutionized the manu
facture of watches in 'America during
the last 'twenty^ years,. died ' yesterday
from. heart failure at his home in W6st
Newton.? 1 Since 1882 he has' been^em
ployed;in;the . factory; of a watoh com
pany at Waltham'and was mechanical
superintendent at the time of v his
death.
Inventor of Many Machines Dead.
" TOKIO. Aug. 3.~The emigration com
panies object to_ sending laborers to Pan
ama 1 to .work on the canal, on the ground
that! the 7 conditions there are unsatis
factory. ..'; They assert that there are no
arrangements .to .care for the sick., no
provision for returning. home, the families
of deceased : . laborers and . no /allowance
for -passage money. -They, also'assert that
the water and sanitary condi
tions are -bad. - I.v '
r?.The Government' has placed the ques
tion'of sending the laborers and : the con
ditions ! . before the "emigration- companies.
SAN jdSE, Aug. 2.— Louis F. Marlen, an
aged Frenchman; attempted/ suicide^ last
evening. at Long pridge/ above- Saratoga,'
by cutting his throat' with aVpbcfcetknife.
The blade was > not , sharp enough," how
ever, to cause dearth. Marlen ' repented' as
soon as. the blood. started to flow, and did
what he" could to" check it. ! The" man
walked all night,- a distance of about-fif
teen miles, to' the; receiving hospital' -in
this .city, where he, arrived^. early :^ this
morning. He will : recover. . ' ; t .;..
Marien has been, employed, on a stock
ranch at the head pf Stevens Creek, cHe
was discharged /yesterday; mornins-. arid
walked' to Long- Bridge, where' he'i * In
tended -to end' his life.'. He ?s 77 years \6f
age, 'without friends or, family/ and rhias
been a resident of California for"37. years.
Emigration Companies De
cide Isthmus Is Too
Unsanitary.
--Special Dispatch to The Call.
NO JAPANESE JiABOR
FOR PANAMA CANAL
Friendless . 3lan Seventy
y. Seven Years of Age:
Tries SnicMe.i
TIRES OFMFE I WHM V
IX SHADOW OF ttRAVE
Northern Pacific Requests the Aid of
\u25a0 Deputy Sheriffs.
SEATTLE. <Aug. 2.^-Up to noon to
day but one telegrapher had struck on
the Seattle division , -of the" Northern
Pacific, But the' division Is affected by
the tie-up 'of trains eastward. To
guard agajnst the possibility of trouble
or vandalism, the road has asked for
deputy sheriffs at Auburn, Lester and
Palmer, all located oh. the Pacific' di
vision. .Three Great Northern opera
tors, stationed here went out, and. on
the Coast line reports, show that a
number of. others have . struck. All
Great Northern commercial wires are
silent. < ••
COUNTY ACT CASE WILL
* >c' GO TO SUPREME COURT
Appeal, to Be Taken From the De
*-!j[ i: i cUlon Whleli • Called Statute
U nconKtlt utfoutil. ' .' •
v NAPA, Aug. 2>~The case of Justice
W. ; D. Johnson of Napa County vs. A.
L. Gunn as auditor, involving the sal
aries of Justices'- and Constables :in
twenty-eight counties of the State, Is
to be appealed to the Supremo Court
of --California delay.- This "la
the case in which : the Appellate .Court
In Sacramettto recently decided that the
county government act. as amended in
1901, was unconstitutional, thus cut
ting off the salaries :of Justices arid
Constables' In. Napa, Alameda, Contra
Costa, Colusa,' Glenn, i Monterey, , Lds
Angeles,^Shasta and a number of other
counties.
The funeral/ services were most im
pressive, and were held at the home of
Mrs. R. ( A. Edmonds, a sister of. Hallett.
The_ services .wore . conducteel by ; Rev.
Edward Morgan, rector , of St. Paul's
Church j.. of . Bakefsfleld. v ,The . " reniahia
were borne from the house'between two
lines of Infantry;: .. \u25a0 .'
BAKKRSFfj;LD,.'Aug. 2.— Clothed in
the blue of the navy, which he served
faithfully for four years, and with flow
ers heaped in profusion upon the cas
ket, the body of Harry Kallett, the
young marine who died .in San ' Diego
on Monday froi.i tho effects of injuries
received in the . Benninffton disaster,
was laid to rest this afternoon with
military honors. ' Lie was buried as ;.
hero, for such he_was. . Suffering un
told agony from the ocatas. that cov
ereel his body,; he^ fought with almost
superhuman strength for his life. Ho
went to his tieath without complaint,
and bo .with the salute, given to those
who die honorably for their country,
and vwith the sad notes of tapf sound
ing abovehia grave, the city's repre
sentatives of the. National Guard paid
the last token- of honor to the dead
lad. v ;d- :'..\u25a0;:;\u25a0: ' .-\u25a0\u25a0'•' . . : : ' "\u25a0 .:'>_• -%!$
VISALIA, Aug. 2.— Three-quarters of a
block of smoking embers In the eastern
part of the city and one-quarter of a
block of smoking- embers in the central
part are mute reminders of last night's
disastrous conflagrations. Figures on the
losses. are not materially changed from
the night report. The men of Company
E of the militia were on guard all night.
They were sworn in as deputies by the
City Marshal. Every unknown man
found In the streets had to give an ac
count of himself or go to Jail.
Two men are In jail on suspicion of
having set the fire?., Hundreds of dollars'
of property were damaged by be
ing thrown into the streets. It^is esti
mated that the total loss will aggregate
$21,000. • : \u25a0
FUN KU \ L OF HALI.ETT.
Thieves entered the home of J. Whit
man, at 696 Steiner street, some time yes
terday /luring the absence of the Whit- ]
man family and after_ ransacking the
house carried" off $30) IriTcb'ih'-a'ivi "jewelry
valued at SSOO. The family^of Whitman
uttended a picnic yesterday,": and he did
not return from his -.-'.'business"* until 9
o'clock last .evening, when ,he\ discovered
that' the thieves had gafned.an entrance
to his horns with the "aid -of ;a skeleton
key and stoden' everything. .they could
find, in their hurried, search;.. >\u25a0 J; ,
The jewelry consisted of diamonds and
broeich^S i and ' was \u25a0 the property-ef Mrs.'
Whitman. The,, matter was k-eported to
the- .police: an \ hour afte,r . the.Whitmans
discovered their loss and detectives are
now working on the case. k?-r£- : \u25a0\u25a0';
EXODUS FROM SHREVEPORT.
General Carnahnc Xea< Denth.
INDIANAPOLIS. IneL. Aug. 2. — Gen
eral James R. Carnahan. major gen
eral of- the uniform rank. Knights of
Pythias, !s gradually sinking, and h!s
death is hourly expected.
AVholeMale Departures Now Stopped by
Tighten in;; of Quarantine I.lne^.
SHREVEFORT. La.. Aue. 2.— There
was a general exodus of people from
r., Vr 1 A- 1 1-1 A 1
Two Men Arrested Suspected
of Having Set the
SOLDI .ERR GUARD ALL
- XIGHT IX VISALIA
THIEVES FIND
RICH PLUNDER
HELENA. Mont.. Aug." 2. — Fourth
Vice President Dermondy of the Order
cf Railway Telegraphers is in Helena
and has opened headquarters for the
purpose °f taking charge of the strik
ers' en<l of the controversy in Mon
tana. He says that the members of
the order in the State have responded
almost to a man to President Perham's
call, and that the railroads are having
far more difficulty In handling trains
than they admit. He takos issue with
Genere! Manager Horn's statement of
the points at itsue between the com-
— - — \u2666 — — —
ROAD ASKS KOR GUARDS.
Telegraphers Open Hradquartem in
.-...'" Helena to Prosecute Strike.
STA.VIJ KIKjI IN S,'OXTAXA.
! iilcii Leader T!ell«-vos <»rd«-r Will Be
\u25a0flenerully .Obeyed.
DKNVER, Aug. 2.— : The • strike e.rder
of t!i/> Internatio'na] Br<'thrr.he»od of
Maintenance «rf-Way employes .on the
Denver jr«J Rio.. .srand»- Railroad went
into offc-ct at"*; o'clock 10-nlglit. " It can
„ not .be definitely known until the regu
lar hour for reporting to-morrow rnorn
ing how- extensively the" trackmen of
the Rio Grande have obeyed the order.
The ofrii'if.lK nf the road declare they
are; not wurryinr. over the situation and
do not believe that any of the. section
foremen intend to strike.
President Wilson of the brotherhood
is here: in chargt of the strike, and is
firm in his bieliel that, tlio ISOO men
wi'io signed tlie strike- order will s<»
out to a man. lie said to-day that h^
would conduct the .strike in an orderly
manner and that the public would ho
respectt-d in the fight.
SHREVEPORT, La., Aug. 2. — An offi
cial report issued by the Board of
Health on the case of yellow 'fever 'at
the detention canip on the outskirts of
the city states, that ; he is considered
convalescent. There are no new cases
of yellow fever and 'no suspicious cases
and the local health authorities tire con
fident that the Infection will be con
fined to this one sporadic case. Only two
railroads, the Vicksburg, Sh.rcveport
and Cotton Belt, are taking passengers
out of the city, and these are going
to the mountains of Tennessee and the
Carolinas or to points in Missouri. All
trains from the south are stopped at the
parish iine, twenty miles distant, and
are not permitted to come into the par
ish. A northbound train on the Kansas
City Southern was halted at the parish
line to-day and all passenegers were
left stranded on the two sleepers and
the coachos. The engine and mail cars
were fumigated and allowed to come
into the city. Tho city Board of Health
resigned to-day because of criticisms In
permitting the Kansas City Southern to
bring the man suffering with fever into
the parish. .- : v
F*nr of YelloTT Fever Drive* Lonl*lan
ans Into Neighboring State.-*.
TAKING TO THE JIOUA'TAIXS.
With a view to gatherirg valuable
data concerning the distribution of j
magnetic forces over the Pacific Ocean. '""^
an expedition, backed by the depart
ment of international Research in ter
restrial -magnetism of the Carrlegie
Institution of Washington, will .leave •
this port In a few days on the brijr
Galilee.
The work of research will be unrfer
the direction of Dr. L. A. Bauer, who
is in charse of the magnetic work of
the United States Coast and Geoeltjtio
Survey. th« scientific leader of th« i
party beins J- P*. Pratt, also of ; tha
United States Coast a:ui Geodetic Sur
vey, .who will command the Ga!M-->o
and give his associates the benefit of
his thirty years" experience in astro- •*
noraiea!. geodetic, hydrographic and
magnetic work.
• Other members of the party will he
Dr. J. Hobart Egbert, magnetic ob
server, surgeon and naturalist; .L ,jp.
Ault. magnetic observer, and V. w.
Whitney, magnetic observer and watcn I
officer.
The sum of $20,000 haa bee.ti allotted
to cover the expenses of the current
year's work. It is 'estimated three J
years will be necessary to complete
the research.
In view of this it has been decided to
enlarge the scope of the popular pro
posal and endeavor to secure sufficient
funds to build and ..equip a clubhouse
which shall offer to sailors on shore a
social, rendezvous without the kind of
allurements found in the resorts often
frequented by mariners. An organization
has been effected consisting of the fol
lowings officers: President, Colonel R. V.
Dodge: vice, president, Roscoe Howard;
secretary, J. Clyde Hizar: treasurer, L.
J. Wild«. It is hoped to raise $50,000 for
the, object in view..^/-:
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 2.-As. soon as the
extent of the disaster on the gunboat
Denningtpn'.'.was known to the local pub
lic It was proposed that funds be ral?ed
by popular subscription for the purpo3e
of erecting a shaft in the little military
cemetery to commemorate the event by
which the Bcnnington boys, whose bodifes
were buried there, lost -their lives. Trio
announcement of the proposal- was fol
lowed by the gift of many small sums
of money, which now amount to a little
over a- thousand *j dollars. ;It is now
stated by Captain F. J. Drake of the
Mare Island Navy. Yard ..that there Is
practically no doubt 'that the Government
will erect a fine shaft at the military
cemetery. Point Loma; in memory of the
dead seamen. It will probably be a single
shaft of stone bearing bronze plates in
scribed with the names of the dead <ail;
ors. \u25a0 \u25a0 • . "
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Comparing the
American and European types of aristo
cracy. Colonel Henry Watterson of
Louisville. Ky.. who returned to-day on
the steamship Oceanic from a trip to
Europe says: ,- .
"I-observed the aristocracy pretty close
ly while I was over there, and I have
reached the conclusion that the foreign
aristocracy is of 'a much better grade
than the American article. There, aristo
cracy means lineage and brains. Here —
well it means anything, from bad whisky
to Standard Oil." ' c y
Watterson-. said he read the accounts
of the 'scandal in the Department of
Agriculture and added:
"I have often wondered how so many
scientific men connected with the Gov
ernment at comparatively small salaries
could live so well. It only goes to show
that the college man is not a success in
politics." : \u25a0 "&:\u25a0::; j-
MAKIXfr MAGNETIC
SURVEY OF PACIFIC *
San l)ie£'o People Enlarge
Scope of Their Original
Plan.
Says Europe Supplies a Bet
ter Brand Than This
/I 1» + 1»T»
MEMORIAL WILL TAKE
: FORM OF .'CLUBHOUSE
HKNEY WATTERSON
ON THE ARISTOCRACY
FINDLAY. Ohio, Aug. 2. — Miss Gussie
Stratton probably will lose her hear
ing- because" of having filled her ear
with ink to-day while attempting: to
answer a telephone call.
Miss Stratton. hearing: the 'phone
bell, reached for the receiver without
looking: ..c it. Instead, she grasped an
ink bottle, whic-h she placed to her
ear.
fiomox V^-SO .Guaranteed Shoes.
Hone-st all through. Equal to any $5.00
Shoe in style, fit aiid wear. Lomax $2.50
and ?3.G0 Shoes for men. 16 Fourth St.*
We. the jury, find that Gladys Cunningham,
age 19 ycare, nativity Wisconsin, occupation
none, residence Pan Jose, came to her d<>ath
In the Supremo Court hulldirg on McAllister
and Larkin streets, in the f city and county 'f.
San Francisco, en the 17th day ol July, 19Co,
of purulfnt peritonitis following "a criminal op
eration performed at the hands of Dr. Frank
Thomas, and we believe the evidence is suffi
cient to hold 'him for trial for the crime.
After an examination of all tlie wit
nesses in the case, a vi3it was paid to
the room in which the girl died. This
was in the oflice of Dr. Thomas in the
Supreme Court building. Miss Lena Roh
dan, who says ?he is the housekeeper for
Dr. Thomas, was present at the opera
tion performed, but was contradictory in
her statements about it. She said the
girl was to be operated upon for "ner
vousness." The jury returned this ver
dict:
Responsibility for the murder of dladys
Cunningham, the young San Jose girl who
died from the effects of a criminal opera
tion July 17, was fixed on Dr. Frank
Thomas yesterday by the Coroner's jury
with a recommendation that he be tried
for the crime. No mention of Dr. Nims'
name was made in the verdict of the Jury
although he brought the girl here for
treatment, and although he and Thomas
tvere arrested for the crime on' her
death.
POURS I\K INTO HER EAR*
-VXD MAY LOSE HEARING
CORONER'S JURY
SAYS MURDER
Upper Verandah of a
. Sanitarium.
KIDDLESTOWN, Coiyi., Auff. 2.
Through a return filed by an under
taker at the office "of the town cle,rk •
to-day, the fact became public that on *
July 14, George W. Tweed, a son 'of
the late William 31 Tweed of NeV
York, known as "Boss" Tweed, commit
ted suicide by jumping from an upper
verandah of the Connecticut Hospital .
for the Insane.
Takes Hi* Life hy Jumping? From an
FAVORITE AMERICAN ACTRESS
AND THE BRITISHER SHE IS
GOIXG TO MARRY.
SOX OF LATE "UOSS" T>\TEED -\
OK -NEW. YORK A SUICIDE
COPt'.NK.AGKN, Aug. 2. — Since his
; -arrival at the Danish court Emperor.
William app*-arb to have become oon
vino.d that thc-re is no hope of a Prince
of the house- of Bernadotte becoming
King, of Norway. His, Majesty now
favors Prince Charles of Denmark, an-1
he is quoted as saying:
"If Prince Charles docs not become
Kin& Norway will be a republic. Of
couiso. I prefo.r f; monarchy, and there
fore shall hereafter Support the can-
I didney of Prince; Charles."
i Prince and Princess Charles to-night
I paid a ionj; visit to Emyeror William,
when his Majesty again promised to
support Prince. Charles for the ' ttyrony
of Norway. '.The- Bmpe,ror also met the
Russiar. • Minister.- M. Iswolsky. with
whom he discussed Far Eastern af
fairs, on which M. Iswolsky is well in
formed, havinir been. Minister at Tokio.
Throu* of Norway.
H«>r»«-« to See ih«? Dnninb Prince on the
KUSKR HACKS I'KIXCE CHARLES.
PORTLAND, Aug. 2. — The land fraud
case Involving- Congressman William
son, Commissioner Brings and Dr. \*;>n
Gesner has been In the hands e>* tht
jury since early this afternoon. At "»1
o'clock to-night the jury had not reach
ed a verdict arid was locked up for the
night.
Arguments -in-' the» case were con
cluded this morning and this aftoniibbn]
immediately upon the. cernveninsj of the
court, 'Juppe de Haven dellvorel his
charge to ' -> Jury. Seldom, if ever, in
Oregon, h. .< a case been so bitterly
fought as the present one. Scathi ig
;is was the investive of .Judgrfi' Bennett,
in his closing argument" for' the defon-so
yesterday there were thrusts "no -less
keen ' when District Attorney . 'Hariuy
ttok \ip the closing' argument for the
Goverhment to-day. ' Uude*r the law in
a conspiracy case, 'the' Jury ; may 'acquit
one;of the defendants. 1 ." : * ; ;' \u25a0 > •
FATE NOW RESTS
WITH THE JURY
GENERAL WOOD SAYS ME
WILL RETURN. TO ISLANDS
Commander In the Philip- . % . * '
BOSTON. Aug. ».— Major General
Leonard Wood. U. S. A., who rettirpeer
from his command in the Philippines a
few weeks ago for a slight operation
on his head, said to-day: .
"I understand there have been ru
mors of. my intention not to return to
the Philippines. I want to say thafl •
sincerely wish to go. back and intend
to do so in about a month. I expect
to spend two more years in . ttte.
Experts to Spend Two More Years as
Quarantine In Alabama.
MONTGOMERY. Ala... Aug. 2.— Amons
the places which quarantined against
Montg-omery to-day are Birmingham, i
Tuscaloosa, Deeatur and XewDecatur, (
Ala.; West Point. Ga.; and". ColunlUus.
Miss. .--\u25a0:•\u25a0*.
NORFOLK. Va.. Aug. 2, — The quaran
tine against all vessels" coming from
Southern ports is being rigidly'enforced
by the Federal and State authorities at
the Virginia Capes in Hampton Roads. •
Virginia Kntortre» Quarantine.
LITTIiE KOCK. Ark.. Aug. :'.— DefaiU.
of the State military are bein^ made" to
day to guard the gateways to the State.
Rigid shotgun quarantine will be- e-n-"
forced. The lines are' tightening every
hour '
• • tfi' t " .
State Soldier* on Uuard.
Fever Sufferers on .Steamship Segtiranca
a * »wr York Are Reeoverlns>
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— rFouc of- the five
persons taken from the San Jacinto, from
Galveston, and sent to Hottman Island'
yesterday for observation a.3 to fever
symptoms were discharged from ciuar
antine to-day.. The -patients .from: the.- ~?
Seguranca were convalescing to-day*
PAITESTS *CO.\' VALES COT.
For some years Miss Barrymore has
been in the habit of spending her sum
mers in England, and while in London
Is invariably the guest of the Duchess
of Sutherland at her palatial town resi
dents. Stafford House. It was there the
captain m<*t and wooed her. But since
the engagement was announced she has
taken private apartments in Charles
street. May fair, presumably that she may
be nearer to- her fiance. The house is
only a short distance from Lord Ro.^e
bery's town residence in Barclay Square,
where Captain Graham goes daily to at
tend to h!s secretarial duties.
His father. Sir Henry John Lowndes
Graham, has a $10,000 a year billet in the
House of Lords, being officially styled
"'clerk of Parliament." That means that
he is head clerk of the whole establish
ment. The office is one of considerable
dignity and social prestige and among
the perquisites attached to it is a superb
suite of apartments In the Upper House.
There Captain Harry makes his home
with him- Sir Henry has been twice
married. His first wife was the daughter
of Earl Cranbrook and his second a
daughter of the Marquis of Northampton.
Captain Harry is a second son by the
first marriage. He has a host of aristo
cratic connections ami so far as influence
can help him along he can count on a
lot of it.
.At prose-nt she 'z under contract to
Frohman to play the role of the Mother
in "Alice Sit By the Fire" in America
this fail. That enf/asemont takes- pre
cedence of her matrimonial one and she
will start for New York in August- fo
fill it. She lias no intention of abandon
ing the theatrical profession altogether
after h^r marriage-. She can commend a
much bigger salary in it than the pros
pective bridegroom has yet been able to
earn. He is now filling an easy billet
as orivate secretary to T-rord Rosebery.
who since he elected to plow a lone
political furrow has not counted for much
in the game of partisan warfare. Prior
to that he wa? for over five years on tne
F-triff of Lord Minto when he was Gover
nor General cf Canada. It was in that
rnoft aristocratic of rcfflments, tlu.
Ooldstream Guard*, that he attained the
rank of captain, brt ho resigned his com
mission some yea r? ago. 'He has a good
ngure fe>r a soldier; standing we!! over
tix feet. And he really is clever. He has
published several, volumes of nonsense
and satirical verses, the best known of
which is entitled "Misrepresentative
Men." They reveal an ability capable of
much better v.'ork if he could be induced
to take himself and life seriously. But
there is .plenty of time for that as he
is only thirty.
LONDON, Au!T. -'.-Something of a mild
sensation has been caused in social cir
cles here by the announcement of the
engagement between Captain Harry Gra
ham and Ethel "Barrymore. Financially
the captain is not much of a catch, but
he is a swell of the first order. Is re
ceived at court, moves in the best cir
cles and is a great lady's man. As ho is
no devotee of the strenuous life by which
fame and fortune are' achieved it was
generally expected that he would solve
the problem of Retting through this world
in the easiest and most comfortable fash
ion by marrying money. And iMis«; Barry
more, with her beauty and wit and the
social prestige she eTilova here througli
her intimacy with the Duchess of Suther
land, might have had the pick of a score
of wealthy bachelors and thereafter
would have been abe to gratify "the most
luxurious tastes without any necessity
of havir.Er recourse to the stage. Even
cynics, therefore, ore forced to the con
clusion that it is a love match on both
Fides. But'no date has yet been set for
the wedding and the old adage about the
frequc-nt s!ins that occur between the cup
and the !ip may again b«» verified. Ac
cording to rumor. Miss 'Barrymoro has
twice before been engaged.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
RIO OR^DE >TRIJtk IS DRGI\.
: ST. PALL. Aug. 2.— With the telegraph
ers almost to a man remaining luyal to
their union chiefs and the railway ofn :
ciaU making every effort to maintain
traffic, the" telegraphers* strike on the
transcontinental systems of tlie Great
Northern and Northern Pacinc roads has
taken on me aspect of a war to the tin
ish. Hundreds of men -have gone out on
botho lines, necessitating ihe closing oi
scores -of stations, a"<i immense hind
rance has been caused in ike moving of
trains'. Through passenger trains and
time freights by groat eit'ort have been
okept on almost time *cheou!<-s, but at
tempts have principally, bl-en -abandoned
to maintain local frdzht and passenger
•eryiee. Tbe grcy-tc^t'- Interference In
\u25a0cbedjlltM has been on the Idaho division,
some cf the fast trains being eid&ytd n\c
hours. where- the Btrttjng operators had
turned the iiguai boards or -opened the
circuits.
Freight matter in less than carload lots
for. Intermediate- points was refused at
the freight offices in St. Paul and Min
neapolis during the day. | Large quanti
ties of perishable freight were handled
by the express companies. Prepayment
of CJtprrss traffic was almost invariably
Remanded. a.nd toward evening t'uaran
tee-s of • delivery \vere refused, signed
notices being required.
The railway orncials say to-night that
•nicy- ere well satisfied wjth the situation
and} that in ten uays will have enough
men to fill the pjaces of the striker?. Bu
t^ays have been establishes tn the prin
cipal cities of the West where men are
hired. The olticiais say that the greaa?«?t
«?are is beii g taken in ihe selection of
men. and that only thorougtuy competent
Operators will be employed. Meanwhile
trains are run on time card rulers and
in. sections, aria in this manner satisfac
tory, jirogress is rasde.
No accide'iits havt occurred co far. Ru
rr.crs were circuatar-d that there . nad
oeen t.io or two collisions at points .in
North Dakota, but these are denied by
ifce railway officials. ; .'\u25a0
.President Per ham of the telegraphers
declares that S7 per cent of the .union
members are- out "and that they wili
out until they receive "what the union
officials . have decided will be a square
deal. Perham fays that &3 per «o>nt of
the men are both station"; agents and
telegraphers .and where t.hese went out
tTie t-tations' are closed i.- aJmost every
instance. He states that' a number of
.train dispatchers, while not members of
thp union, went out in sympathy. :
MISSOt'LA. Mont.. Aug.. 2.— No freight
except on £*detracked -trains \u25a0is be-ing
moved over the Rocky Mountain division
s of the Northern Pacific owing to the
firactical complete tie-up \u25a0cf the syst«ni i
by the tclegra;ijiers" strike. Eastbouncf
passenger tram No. 4, due here at" 8:45
a. m.. did not arrive until 1:33 p. m. All i
persons applying for tickets were refused
transportation and told to pay their
Cares on the train. During the afternoon,
however, a notice was issued to the di
vision headquarters to sell ari tickets -ap
plied for. No wires were ' working from
here except to Evaro. Desmet and Gar
rison. Local business at the Western Un- »
lon office is being crowded by special ;
messages to Northera Pacific officials and :
in every instance where possible the- long
distance telephone is being used for
transmisEjon of orders. The men who
were seat here tn anticipation of trouble •
have stated t"hcy were Induced to come
under misapprehension and" with one ex- j
ception hs.ve ref»ssed to go to work. Su- ,
perir.tendent- Gibson of the Rocky Moun- i
tain dix'isioii is out somewhere on the
road but even <he_ chief dispatcher" at I
headquarterg has been unable to locate 1
him. All trains' are being flagged In and
cut but are' making flow time. Train
crews admit that -the present conditions
are the most complete tic'-up ever known
on flic Northern Pacific 1 .
A special train carrying a party of
Chicago capitalists en -route to visit
mines ill western Montana did not arrive
'h^re until 4:30 p. m.. though scheduled
t^. be here for a side trip at 7a. m. In
the absence of the division superintendent,
no'- one has authority to speak for the
road, but indications demonstrate a badly
crippled condition of traffic.
In, th<* new Cabinet the Liberals are
well reprefcen.ett and the ministry can
be depended upon to seek a peaceful solu
tion of the difficulties between Sweden
ar.d Norway.
Herr Lunueb'org, the new Premier, is
vice speaker of the first chamber of the
Rigsdag. and chairman 'of the spocial
committee appointed by the Higsdag to
deal with the cilsl3 arising from the dis
solution of the union. Count Wachtmeis
ter is a member of the first chamber and
director of the land office.
Judge Berg is also a member of the
first chamber.
Minister of Marine Lindeman is director
of telegraphs. -
Herr Hammerskjold is president of the
Gocta high court. Herrs W. Widen, Bie
sert, Petersen and Staaff are deputies
and Herr Pettersen is a lawyer.
The new Premier is one of the pillars
of the Conservative majority in the upper
house. He was largely responsible for
the conditions framed by the Rigs;las for
the dissolution of hte union and King
Oscar selected him for the premiership,
as he considered it desirable, that the
same influence which dominated the work
or" the committee should prevail during
the negotiations for the carrying out of
its programme.
STOCKHOLM. Aug. 2. — A German
squadron, consisting of seven battleships,
eight cruisers and eleven torpedo-boats,
arrived here to-ni^ht.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden. Aug. 2.— A co
alition ministry was formed to-day, as'
.follows: , ...
Minister of State— Christian Lundeborg.
Foreign Affairs— count A. F. Wacht
meiiter.
Justice— Judge C. A. Berg.
War— Colonel L. H. Tissten.
Marine— Si A. A. Lindeman.
interior— J. Wide:!.
. Finance— Herr Blesert. .
Education and Ecclesiastical Affairs—
Herr liammersKjyld. -
Agriculture?— A. D. Petersen.
Ministers without portfolio— Herr Pet
terson and Staaft*.
Officials Say That in Ten
Days the Places" of Strik
ers^ Will Be All Filled
Will Strive for an Amicable
Under-standing With the
Seceding Norse People
WASHINGTON. Aug. 2.-Surgeon
eral Wyman of the Public Health and
Marine Hospital Service said to-day that
ho had not received any official notifica
tion 6f the conflict between the State au
thorities of Louisiana and Mississippi
over ** the question ;.of quarantine. .He
added: I ''The small boats that went into
Lake'Borgne and. to the' mouth of LaKe
Bo'rgne inlet wert probably "under the
State and local authorities of Mississippi.
Surgeon Wardixi of the Public Health and
Marine Hospital Service .is .assisting in
protecting the towns of the gulf coast of
Mississippi makes the requet of the au
thorities of that State. He is using the
United biates cutter Winona to notify
.passengers from New Orleans that they
cannot land at that place • and that the^
have the option of either going-, back . or
proceeding to Ship Island quarantine,
where they can be held under observation
and the.n given pratique. The bureau de
clines to take over the small vessels of
the State which are said to r have gone
Into the waters of Louisiana."
Shotgun quarantines prevail in many
parts of the far South, this emphatic
manner of stopping' refugees having been
in operation ntar Vicksburg for about a
week.
Arkansas, as well as Mississippi, is
using it militiamen as quarantine officers
and has stationed them at various points
to prevent the landing of people from in
fected-districts.
The detention camps on the railroads
outsidf- of New Orleans are tilled with
refugees. ,\The detention camp on the
Louisville and Nashville Railroad, one of
the main outlets from the gulf was locat
ed to-day, arrangements being finally
made to place the station .on the line
b* tween Louisiana and Mississippi. All
trains carry armed guards, the train in
spections extending as far north as Cairo,
111.
Mobile has tightened its protective cor
don and has ordered, in addition to disin
fection, detention of five days for all
boats coming from" Central and South
American ports.
Texarkana, on the line between Ar
kansas and Texas, has ordered a discon
tinuance of al! trains between Shreveport,
where a ease appeared last nfght at Tex
arkana.
DETKXTIOX CAMPS FILLED.
Surgeon White of the Marine Hospital
service has returned trom the Mississippi
coast, from which point he talked over
the long distance telephone with Gov
ernor Vardaman. Dr. AVhite said the
Governor had given courteous consent to
the establishment of a detention camp
on the Mississippi side of the State line
on the Loulsvilie and Nashvliie road and
would arrange for the admission to Mis
sissippi pnints of persons from New Or
kan^.who entered the camp and are dis
charged with certificates of the Federal
tiugtons." There is no longer any ob
stacle _to the movement of passengers
through Mississippi.
The question of whether Federal control
of the situation ought to be invited is still
discussed, but unless graver conditions
adse it is not regarded as. unlikely that
there will be any movement in that di
rection. Mayor Herrman to-day signed
the mosquito ordinance and it was later
rtvitwed in the official journal. It re
qums that cisterns shall be screened
within forty-tight hours by property own
ers, cr their agents.
Passenger and freight traffic on the
ralirbads In and o"ut of New Orleans is
practicaliy paralyzed. All suburban serv
ice to coa3t towns was discontinued a
week ago aud almost dally the railroads
have been dropping one or more trains
until the service on most of the lines is at
a minimum.
and especially to study the scientific light
now in progress based on the mosquito
theory. However, the Louisiana .officials
expect little modification or the quaran
tine regulations until the -fever is entirely
stamped out. owing to the widespread
disinclination of the Mississippi .public to
accept the mosquito theory. . .
FEDERAL. COXTROL.
the city yesterday afternoon and l^at
night, but quarantin-e line's are very,
tlghtiy drawn to-day. The parish Board
of Health has -ordered all trains- from
the south to stop at the parish line.
The city Board of Health to-day- re
ceived word of a developed case of "yel
low fever on board a northbound Kan
sas City Southern 'train. The.authori
ties at Mansfield were ordered to stop
the train. . - ' .
Continued from Page 1, Column 7.
AVAR TO THE FINISH
Her -Sweetheart's Earning
Capacity Being Small. Ac
tress Will Be Provider
WILL RE3LAES T OX STAGE
Captain Harry Graham, Who
Is Engaged to Wed Ethel
Barrymore, Is a Poor Man
MINISTRY IS FOR PEACE
Christian Lundeborg, a Pow
\u25a0 erf nl Conservative Leader,
Is King- Oscar's Premier
Union Operators on Great
Northern and Northern Pa
cific Abandon Their Keys
CHEAT ROADS
ARE TIED UP
SWEDWN'S NEW
CABINET NAMED
NO BIG CATCH,
BUT A SWELL
DEATH'S HARVEST
INCREASING.
-, » v '••*•"\u25a0•\u25a0 i
Victims' Ignorance ' Complicates -
Yellow Fever Situation •. ;\u25a0*\u25a0••
THE SAN FRANCISCO :GALi:, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1905.
2
.YOU CAN'T BUY
CONTENTMENT
IN GAR; LOADS!
o Contentment 'is never wholesaled. If
ypu are wise— -an 6 fortunate — you may
buy enough each day for that day's
It is the Radium of Commodities. You
can't hoard it, nor hide it away for fu-
ture- v*e — for every-, circumstance- of
daily life turns thief. • ,
•-'' - * -
N* financier will ever' "corner the
market," .'however; so that your daily
supply will always be available.
Of course you must know how to go
a-marketifrg: for Contentment, it's npt
sold under that name. * Most commonly
It Is in the guise of a "want advertise-
ment." ; . « . . ••
And of cour*se you could contract for
a r hundred want advertisements at one
time — but that, would \u25a0 mean that you
were sadly bankrupt of Content. The
little event or .'circumstance which: will
make a want ad. necessary to your Con-
tent to-day may pome to pass within
the hour — and lf.lt does your antidote
for worry is ready "for you.- And If to-
morrow brings another wrinkle-making
episode jn your dally life, a little want
advertisement will again straighten out
the tiinsle. '' '
REMEMBER— .<u*cuac*5 Plasters have been in use oref 55 years. 1
They are the original and genuine poreras plasters and have never been ' M
.equalled ns & pjun-enrer. Guaranteed not to contain belladonna, opium d
\ or any poison whatever. 3 'HONOLULU, Aug. 2.— The Board of
Health has, plans, under way for' the
building of a • home for non-leprous
boys who are at the leper "settlement,
children of lepers. .The, home Is to be
near. Honolulu. It has been found: that
children of leprous parents , who are
raised in homes away; from the settle
ment do not develop the disease, and al
ready, there is a' home for girls born at
the settlement.
Home for Sons of Lepers.
HONOLULU. Aug.' 2.— The transport
Solace, which has arrived here," reports
having had successful wireless commu
nication with Honolulu: while" 160 miles
from here. This is the best wireless rec
ord ever reported here.' ",,' -.', . ' .> ;
The Solace wiir;deparf next Saturday,
and will begin trying toget Into'com
inunicatlon: with '. San Francisco^ while
500 miles out, 1 that: being the distance at
which' the Solace 'first attempted ? to
communicate with Honolulu..
Solace Makes Good Record \u25a0 Before
Reaching 'Honolulu but Will -.">"'
Try to Better Itr''^ ';
WIRELESS COMMUNICATION v 7~:
AT DISTANCE OF 160 MILES
SPOKANE, Wash.; Aug^ 2.— Fire de
stroyed nearly one block of the busi
ness district of Clarkston, Wash., early
to-day. The damage Is estimated at
$20,000. The fire started in Crest &
Clark's meat market. Owing tyt'a.'break
In the water mains it could only bo
fought by a bucket brigade and a
chemical engine. The insurance was
light. ' ' YJ : £&'
and Destroy /Property 'Worth
Twenty Thousand . Dollars.
Flames Fought With Bucket Brigade
DISASTROUS FIRE VISITS
,"-• - CL.ARKSTON, WASHINGTON
NEW YORK, Aug. 2. — Horse cars of
the most antiquated pattern, which
have been running on Grand street for
a half century, went out of commission
at midnight. They will be superseded
by the underground trolley. .
The old car line, \ which passed
through what was not many years ago
New York's principal retail district,
connected the Dcs brosses-street ferry,
North River, with the Grand-street
ferry, East River, and for years have
been packed to . overflowing I in rush
hours. Many drivers .on the Grand
street cars have grown gray in the ser
vice. All will Be taught to handle the
motors before the new cars are in
stalled. \u25a0 -:
After Fifty Years of Service, Old-Fash
toned .System. Is Replaced by
Rapid Transit.
NEW YORK'S ANTIQUATED
HORSE CAR LINE NO MORE
PARIS. Aug. 2. — Further serious fail
ures in the sugar trade owing to recent
gigantic speculation are disorganizing
the market. A syndicate of brokers to
day reauested the Minister of Finance
and Commerce to Intervene with a view
to arranging measures to avoid an ex
tension of the crisis, in which the lead-
Ing firms are involved.. The Ministers
promised to consult experts, with whose
assistance it Is considered probable that
the shortage will.be overcome. .
ntsafctronN Speculation in Sugar Causes
Demoralization, and MlnNter of
Finance Is Appealed To.
FAILURES IN FRANCE
disorganize: market
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— Charles E.
Rouxel, who said; he had been a pro
fessor of belles lettres In a South Am
erican university, and evidently a man
of refinement and culture, was sent to
the workhouse for a month yesterday.
Rouxel was picked up as a vagrant by
a policeman in Madison Square Park. <
Stranded in Honduras after touring
the world subsequent to completing his
education in Parls7 the prisoner told
Magistrate - Cornell that he became
third keeper of the | treasury In the
South American State. Later he was
appointed to be chief of mathematics
of the university. A change in the ad
ministration caused , him •to '- flee the
country and since that time he had
been ' able to gain only a precarious
livelihood. • '
Charles E. Ronxel, Recently From Hon
duras, Arrested In New York
for Vagrancy.
UNIVERSITY r'ROFESSOR
GOES TO THE WORKHOUSE
Special Cable to The Call' and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1005. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
MADRID.. Aug'T 2.— ln diplomatic circles
here th e report is circulated that the in
ternational conference between the sig
natory powers on the affairs of Morrocco
may be considered to be prorogued ln
definitely. It is said that England has re
gained all her former influence with the
Sultan of Morocco and that France lost
her influence with him as soon as it was
learned that she had entered into an
agreement with Germany.
PARIS. Aug. 2.— Premier Rouvier. at
a reception to the diplomatic corps to
day, handed to Prince yon Radolin, the
German Embassador. a further note
expressing the French point of view
regarding the programme for the Mo
roccan conference. The note is designed
to clear up misunderstandings concern
ing the scope of the conference and to
allay the renewed agitation resulting
from the delay In the negotiations.
Madrid Has Rumor That
Conference May Not
Be Held.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— Three large In
surance companies of New York, are to
be investigated by the Insurance Com
missions of Tennessee, Kentucky, Wis
consin and Minnesota, as a result pfa
meeting of eight State Insurance, Coin-'
missioners held here to-day^ "Another
result of the conference is to' be the in
terstate investigation of all large in
surance companies, so that alleged mis
application of funds and mismanage
ment may become a thing of the past.
Western States to Investigate.
GREAT 'BRITAIN GETS
CONTROL-. IN. MOROCCO
WASHINGTON". Aug. 2.— Secretary -WH*
son to-day Issued a stateijient relation
to a charee that . his \u25a0 son" arid" private
secretary. Jasper Wilson, made a trip to
Alaska about a year ago at the expense)
of the department; Secretary Wilson says
the trip was made at his Instance and
was for the purpose of ascertaining th»
condition of the game there, delegations
from Alaska • -having protested, against
sending anybody In there with permis
sion to shoot and bring out : -trophies. Tha
miners claimed that ihey-.llved. there*4n
the winter, that the game . wa;f- a soujree
which often stood between them . anil
starvation. [ • ••."•
"I wanted to know the t eal facts," .said
the Secretary, "and sent my.*-, prlvata
secretary, uo there. He was a salaried
•officer here. " The . deparmenl pal,d his
actual traveling expenses, of , 'course.' I
send men all over the world .for lnfor*
mation. ; . "-V : .. **7 '
"Upon receipt of my' private secretary*
report I shut down on' the" .granting, of
permits to ' everybody excepting persona
representing museums ajw} other ecrucar
tlonal institutions." • ;; ; ••.";
\u25a0\u2666 . ' i
MAMMOTH HOT SPRINGS. "Wyo.. %b». '
2. — There is oo truth la ti« current refcort
of a serious c.oachins accident In • Yellowjtons
Park. There has been- no -recent accident ia
the park of this- character. . .* •
Secretary Wilson Says Hia
Son's Visit to Alaska Waa •• -
Strictly OffidQl.;. v*
EXPLAINS WHY ITXCLE,
SA3I PAID EXPENSES
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Eight officials
of the Russian Peace Commission ar
rived here to-day on the steamship Kai
ser Wilhelm der "Grosse. Besides the
senior plenipotentiary, Sergius de
Witte, there were: J. Shlpoff. Director
of the Treasury Department; Major
General Yerraoleff, military attache at
London ? Mr. Naboukoff. of the Foreign
Office; Jean Korotovitz, formerly secre
tary of the Russian legation at Peking;
Georges Plancon, formerly Russian
Charge at Peking; General W. K. Sa
moiloff of the Russian Foreign Office,
and Professor de Maartens, professor of
international law at St. Petersburg.
A tug bearing twenty-two members
of the committee of the Slavonic League
went to Quarantine to meet the incom
ing steamship and three members of
this committee boarded the Kaiser Wil
helm der Grosse.
the Plenipotentiary.
Number of llumhliiu Notables Accompany
ENVOY DE WITTE'S ENTOURAGE.
been hit twenty times, as th« top 1 of
his head was practically knocked- off.
We uncovered a large clot of blood on
the brain." . \ •*'>!•„>'
\u25a0Coroner H. B. Mehrmann 'will 'hold
an inquest in the case Saturday morn-
Ing at 9 o'clock at Smiley & Gallagher's
parlors .In Afameda., The funeral' will
be held' Friday afternQon at. 1. o-'ejock
from Cook's late residence- at *1605
Fruitvale avenue. V.' :*'':
De Wltte Say* Tremendous TaaU Yet
Confronts Japan.
XEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Speakingr. dur
ing his voyage on the Kaiser Wilhelm
der Grosse, of his approaching visit
to the United States, Peace Plenipo
tentiary de Wltte said:
\u25a0 I am hippy to visit America, which coun
try I ani moit anxious to know. My only
regret is that I cannot speak English, as
I should like thoroughly to appreciate the
country whose progress and development are so
interesting and instructive.
I shall also be glad to have personal inter
course with President Roosevelt, who has
reached such a. prominent position as a states
man, and to present to him the greetings of
Kmperor Nicholas. It has b«en stated that
I am to test the ground for floating a Russian
loan in America and discuss the relations be
tween the two countries, especially regarding
commercial affairs. My only mission Is the
negotiation* for peace; but I am quite ready
to express my personal opinion on questions
affecting the relations between Russia and
America, with a view to further strengthen
ing the traditional frl-ndly feeling between St.
Petersburg and Washington.
The Russians have had reverses, bat this
does not signify that they have lost the power
which was known to the Muscovite before the
war, nor does It mean that Russia has be
come a. negligible quantity nor that the Jap
anese have acquired, by result of their re
cent victories, such a supremacy as to make
the Russian Empire consider th«m a truly
redoubtable enemy.
De Witte recognizes the good qual
ities of the Japanese military and
naval administrative organizations and
does not believe any other European
nation would have been able to resist
Japan as Russia has. It could not be
done. He continues:
It must be taken into consideration that the
Japanese had been preparing for war for about
ten years, while Russia was entirely unpre
pared, wis-hingr for and trusting in peace. The
Japanese fought in their own neighborhood
under all favorable conditions, while the Rus
sians had to be sent 9000 versts from their
headquarters by a railroad entirely insufficient
to their needs and to fight a colonial war with
out co-efflcle»ts against them. There is -not
In history anothor example of a similar dis
proportion between armies. Nevertheless, all
the foreign officers of the European armies who
followed the war are unanimous In affirming
that the Russian troops, both soldiers and offi
cers, fought with a bravery phenomenal un
der the ciicum«tances.
On the sea. the Russians found themselves
constantly Inferior In conditions. The squadron
of Rojestvensky was sent out, not because the
Russians had much confidence In its success,
but because they could not renounce, from a
military and moral point of view, any chance,
no matter how* uncertain, of obtaining even a
partial victory. Suppose for a moment that
the war, instead of having taken- place In
Korea or Manchuria. ' had been fought at the
true Russian froptiers. then the • Japanese
would not have been able to face the Russian
forces for more than six months. ••.'..•
However, even as things stand, the Japan
ese have not made such progress as Is gener
ally believed: In fact,- they would have to ad
vance four times as much as they have done
In the last year and a half to reach Russia
proper, in which case- they might consider
themselves in a position to impos* conditions
of peace. But /they are very far from this
and the more they advance northward, the
more the respective conditions of the Rus
sians and the Japanese will be reversed, v.:.-.
According to the Russian plenipoten
tiary those who do not know Russia
well oppose to these reasons the
specter of the internal condition of
the empire, imagining all kinds of
cataclysms, but even about this they
are mistaken. M. de Witte did not
wish to discuss at this time the events
in Russia, affirming, however, that they
had not the character or the gravity
attributed to them, nor can they bring
about the consequences which have been
supposed, partly by those prejudiced
apainst Russia and partly by those ig
norant of Russian internal ' affairs.
What was going on in the Muscovite
empire, he said, could not have any in- :
fluence on her foreign policy and even !
less on the continuation or cessation*
of the war. Said De Witte:
The great majority of the Russian people do
not attach to the conflict In the Far East the
importance which Is given to It In Europe and
America. It is considered as a very distant
colonial war, but the whole Russian people
would rlise as a single man the day in which
they should think that it is no more the ques
tion of a colonial war. which Is not dangerous,
but a conflict threatening the security of the
country.
De Witte indicated, notwithstanding
these views, that he did- not mean to
say that he would not make every pos
sible effort toward the conclusion of
peace, adding that he - was favorable
to peace as a Russian and as a man, I
having always worked to prevent war
and understanding that at present I
nearly the entire, world desired the end
of. the conflict. .However, he felt that!
to reach this object it was necessary!
that the Japanese should be animated {
by the same feelings; .that they should !
be convinced that peace for Russia was {
desirable, but was not at all indispens
able and that Russia would never ac
cept any conditions which would offend
her amour propre. De .Witte repeated
that he would honestly do all that his
conscience xnisrht surcest to brinsr
RUSSIA FAR FROM BEATEN.
YOUNG GROCER OF OAKLAND f
WHO SUCCfMBKD., TO 'INJURIES 'I
INFLICTED BY FOOTPADS: \u25a0 • |
Cook's body was moved to the under
taking parlors of Smiley & Gallagher
in Alameda, where an autopsy, was per
formed by Dr. J. M. Shannon of this
city, assisted by Dr. J. H. Callen and
Dr. P. S. Crosby of Fruitvale. Other
physicians who witnessed the post
mortem examination were Dr. .C. G.
Bull. Dr. W. T. Lum and Dr. A. -S.
Kelly.
When the autopsy was finished Dr.
Shannon said that the immediate cause
of death was meningitis and cerebritis
resulting from . fracture ol the skull
and injury to the brain. In relating
what the autopsy disclosed, Dr. Shan
non said: "At the point of commence
ment of the fracture, and where the
weapon came in contact with the head,
there was a diamond-shaped hole in
the sliull about three Inches long and
an inch and a half wide, from which
the fragments of crushed bone had
been removed before death. We
also found evidence, on the top
of the head near the back, of a
blow that did not fracture the
skull. It is probable that it was
there where the first blow landed, and,
not felling the victim, he was struck
again over the left ear. Cook may, have
that would implicate Crowhurst,. but
without much success.
The Sheriff said this evening:
"Of course, without a statement from
Cook lam badly handicapped. He told
the doctors that Schneider and Blaker
were two of the men, but I don't know
whether this can, be used in evidence
and it leaves me simply with a cir
cumstantial case against the boys. We
have Schneider's cap, which was found
near the scene of the robbery, and alto
gether a fair circumstantial case
against them, besides which we have
their record of numerous attempts at
robbery, which, I believe, will convince
almost any jury that they are not fit
to be at large.
'"I have had several persons tell me
to-day that the lives of these boys
would not be worth a cent if I turned
them loose, and two friends have come
to me to-day with the information that
there was an attempt going to be made
to take them out of the Jail and lynch
them. I do not take any stock in such
rumors, but it just shows you what
the people in that community think
of them. And it is not so much on
account of the murder of Cook as it is
for the many other offenses they have
committed, and which makes them one
of the toughest gangs of- youngsters
that were ever banded together. They
called themselves the 'Jim Crows.'
James Crowhurst was the ringleader
and was developing into a dangerous
highwayman."
District Attorney Allen and Sheriff
Barnet were closeted with the boys for
several hours this afternoon, and Allen
was placed in possession of the evi
dence against them, besides hearing
what each one had to say for himself.
BLOW'S WERE TERRIBLE.
Light Belnsr Thrown Upon .Mysterious
$655,000 Loan to Equitable.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Although the leg
islative committee appointed to investi
gate insurance methods has hardly yet
got to work, light is beginning to, break
through the mystery which has veiled the
$655,000 loan carried by the Mercantile
Trust Company for years in the names
of James W. Alexander and Thomas D.
Jordan, trustees. From an authoritative
source it . was learned to-day not only
that portions of the .funds carried under
that fluctuating account were used for
the payment of political contributions to
both great parties for defraying cam
paign expenses and that other sums were
deducted from it for lobbying expenses
and for settlement out of court of annoy
ing litigation, but also that a consider
able share of the total was used for the
purchase of eighty-nine shares of stock
of the Eauitable Life Assurance Society
at the then market rates, whdlch varied
from $4000 t0. 55000 a share.
It is explained that the purpose of this
purchase was to prevent these outstand
ing shares "from falling Into undesirable
hands," and It is believed the officers of
the society, or persons active in their in
terest, took this, course to prevent • any
considerable portion of, n stock of i the
Equitable from becoming the property of
persons, who might, as stockholders,
bring troublesome suits for an account
.lng or for a partition' of the surplus In
the interest of policy-holders. .
If, as Henry C. Demlng, president of
the Mercantile Trust' Company, under
stood and so testified before Commission
er Hendricks, this' was really a loan
made to the Equitable, then the use of
any portion of it for such purpose was
improper and illegal, as the Attorney
General has averred in the suit brought
against the old board of directors in be
half of the State. •
VAST SUM SPENT IN POLITICS.
: Berkeley officers worked with Blaker
for an hour" this afternoon in an effort
to get some other corroborative evi
dence from what Blaker could tell them
"He showed me the clipping of a
pap.er telling about the robbery of an
old woman by the name of Nash of
Berkeley and told me that he was the
one who turned the trick."
'""When he wanted to tell us about
some job he was going to do and any
one was around he used to say 'Well, I
am going -to collect that bill to-night'
cr 'That fellow is going to pay me to
night:' He used to say that he had peo
ple working for him and he has pro
posed to me many times that we go out
and .. rake In. some old fellow with a
week's wages in his pocket.
. BOASTED OF HIS CRIMES.
Captain Blaker of the ferry-boat
Berkeley has employed Attorney A. L.
Frlck to defend his son. During the
last few days. all four of the youths
have been recltlng.more or less of their
history to Sheriff Barnet. Blaker this
afternoon talked unreservedly about
Crowhurst, saying:
"Crowhurst is the worst I ever saw.
He had an old broken pistol which he
used part of the time in his .work and
said that ' he did not care whether it
would shoot or not so long as he could
scare people into glvirig him money.
Why, he said he would use a monkey
wrench".^; -<--' \u25a0\u25a0iv-H-i
As soon as Sheriff Barnet was notified
of Cook's death he went Into confer
ence with District Attorney Allen. The
decision .was reached that Blaker. and
Schneider should be charged with mur
der.-. The formal accusation will be
made to-morrow, and either the Sheriff
or Cook's brother, Frank Cook, will
swear to r the complaint. James Crow
hurst and (Percy Pembroke, two sus
pects also held by Sheriff Barnet, will
be detained pending further develop
ments. Both have confessed to hav
ing held up Ed Stanley^a Fruitvale bar
ber, one night last winter and taking'
$25 from him, and a charge of highway
robbery can be placed against them
for this offense.
SUSPECTS WILIi BE CHARGED.
The 'injuries were such as to indicate
that the blows inflicted were from a blunt
Instrument and were numerous and of
much force. The autopsy report will be
a vital portion of the evidence in the case.
During a few lucid moments several
days ago Cook indicated to Dr. Callen
very strongly that Schneider and Blaker
were his assailants. Whether his condi
tion was such as will permit the use of
his fleeting statements in court is a
question the authorities have in hand.
Dr. J. H« Callen, who had charge of
the case, was with the patient night and
day, but the case was -hopeless.
An autopsy held this afternoon at the
Morgue in Alameda disclosed clearly the
fatal nature of the wounds. The force
used had fractured the entire front of the
head. A, large break extending from the
left side 1 of the skull above the ear across
the forehead -and nearly to the right ear
was uncovered. at the post-mortem exam
ination.' "An ; extensive blood clot on the
brain was revealed, having formed from
the lesion Vtov numerous vessels in the
brain. . "^ " r t • ' i
OAKLAND, Aug. 2.— iuomas W. Cook,
who was \u25a0 beaten by thugs and robbed of
$250 at Frultvale a week ago last Satur
day night, - died this • morning at 6:30
o'clock at the Alameda Sanitarium from
the effects of the brutal attack. John
Scnntider and George :W.: W. Blaker, who are
in custody, 'will be charged with the mur
der of Cook.
I Justice Melville W. Fuller. Marquis Ito, Mark
j Twain and the late Secretary of State John
I Hay. and I then had the privilege of making
the personal acquaintance of President Roose
1 velt.
Everywhere the most exquisite hospitality
was extended to me, and some of tht most
j distinguished American citizens arranged in
i my honor a large and fine dinner at the Met
• ropolitan Club in New Tork. I was the guest
of President Eliot of Harvard University. I
I received the best impression of all classes of
American citizens, and 1 am especially In
debted to Chief Justice Fuller, -who was ray
colleague at Parie during the great arbitra
tion of IS'J9 between Venezuela and England.
Jean lvorostovetz, who is one of M.
de Witte # s secretaries, went through
the United States twice in 1894, going
from Japan to the Russian legation at
Rio JaneiTo, and in 1901 going to Rus
sia "from Port Arthur, where he was
the chief of Admiral "Alexieff's civil
staff. ,
General Termoteff, the leading mili
tary member of the Russian delega
tion, said:
I retain a very good remembrance of my
former sojourn In America, where I was in
1898 as Russian military representative with
the American troops during the Spanish Amer
ican War. At Tampa 1 had the honor of
being presented to Mr. Roosevelt. I remained
In Cuba until the fall of Santiago. During all
that time I received the best Impression of
the American army, of which I admired the
heroism as well as the spirit and discipline
and the exceptlenal smartness. I shall, there- ,
fore, have great pleasure in meeting again
the many military friends whom I have in
America.
M. Pokotiloff, who is 40 years of age.
Is an expert on Chinese, Mongolian and
Manchurian affairs and has had much
experience in connection with Russian
work in the Far East.
M. Pokotiloff does not regard the
Chinese boycott as likely to prove a
serious movement It has not Govern
ment sanction, he said, and he was
of the opinion that more prominence
was given to the movement in America
than in China.
When asked if his appointment had
anything to do with the proposal of
any arrangements at the peace con
ference in regard to the Chinese East
ern Railway, he having been formerly
adviser to the administration of that
railway, Pokotlloff said he did not
know what would be done. As to the
statements made in Japan that he was
sent by Russia in order to make some
arrangement to save the railway for
Russia or to secure Chinese control, he
said such statements had presumably
arisen because of his former connec
tion with the administration of the
railway.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 2. — Dmitri D.
Pokotlloff, a member of the Russian
peace delegation, arrived by the steam
ship Empress of Japan to-day en route
to Washington, D. C, where he will as
sist De Witte and Baron Rosen in th.3
forthcoming peace negotiations. M.
Pokotiloff declined to discuss the peace
Question; stating he did not know any
thing about it himself, having received
no instructions from his Cfo/erumept
as to his position. He had gone to
Peking to succeed the late Paul Lessar
as Russian Minister and had been there
a week when he received a telegram
from St. Petersburg .ordering him to
proceed to Washington to attend »he
p^aco cciiujtncc. He says he doas net
know what his position at the lntiuiry
is rot*.o t*.
31. I'nknliluiT, Russian Minister to
China, Reaches the Coast.
COMES TO AID CZAR'S ENVOYS.
Crowds Cheer the
Czar's Repre
<\u25a0 sentative.
about, if possible, an agreement which
may bo equally satisfactory to the In
terests of Russia and Japan. . After
having done this, no matter what the
results may be, De Witte feels that he
will have accomplished his duty.
on tire occasion of having conferred upon me
the of doctor of lawn by Yale Unlver-
Hty. togetb.fr with President Rooßevelt, Chief
„> . DE MAARTEVS KNOWS AMERICA.
'% Some of the members of the Russian
peace delegation have visited America
before. Professor de Maartens said It
.-was. a real pleasure to him to return
" - to America. Said he:
I -was in the United States In October. 1001.
of peace and friendrhip among nations, and Jt
» H to the praiseworthy efforts of the people o»
WyeW y e United Statee In this direction that my
r\ :s!t .to the new world is attributable. For it
Is fn compliance with the American people's
desire for i>ea.cr. of which President Roosevelt
was tha authorized exponent, that his Majesty
the Czar has empowered me to come hither and
\u25a0 the conditions which our gallant ad
versary deems neceesary and adequate as a
basis for peace negotiations.
I need hardly point out th&t It Is my ardent
<!<rssre that the two chivalrous countries, wbi>
Cr« bt-came acquainted on the field of battle,
may have found In each other's sterling quali
ties motives powerful enough to cultivate that
eerjuaintanceship until It ripens into lasting
f r!end£hfp. Meanwhile, however, the terms of
fered must first be ascertained, weighed aud
Judged admissibly by Russia before she can
proceed ta formal negotiations.
Hitherto, as you are aware. Jt_wa« customary
la cases like this to settle all such prelimina
ries • before th« meeting of the plenipoten
tiaries. whos« task was to come .to a final
agreement on the matters under discussion.
Now, 'the very fact that hi» Majesty the Czar
consented to take a -course Involving a depart
ure from this ancient diplomatic usage and to
Appoint a mission to learn the nature of our
fcrave enemy's terms Is an eloquent token of
, the friendly feeling which he and his subjects
< continued to cherish toward the people of the
"United ' States. I say- "to cherish," because at
no. experience of our history have our tradi
tional relations with thls'gloriou« republic been
cthir tn*a cordial." And no.w, I should like to
"cay.' and to prove to your .people, who live less
iin'th* past than In the present aad the future,
that it is the fervent wish of the Kmperor and
the people of Russia further to strengthen the
ties of friendship which have itherto existed
between the two nations.
It is in virtue of that sincere desire that his
Majesty the Czar, .waving all other considera
tions, has unHesitatingly accepted the cordial
invitation of your first citizen and genial leader.
And' if my mission should prove in al] other re
rpects barren and the endoavor to find a common
taste for peace negotiations should fall for the
time belnsr, the signal proof of friendship given
by hie Majesty the Czar and the Russian nation
would' still etand out as & memorable event,
fraught, I trust, -with far-reaching and benefi
,cent Tesults to the two great peoples of the
West *nd the EaeU * " ; •;
side the dock. Midway down the pier the
procession was e^gain stopped,- this time,
however, by a delegation from the Slav
onic Society of New York, which greeted
De Witte with a speech. ' The Russian
envoy made a brief but cordial response.
De Witte enjoyed his trip up the harbor.
He niingrled freely, with the hundreds of
passengers who crowded the deck of the
great steamship and, although at ail
times the center of attraction, he seemed
to be Quite unaware of it. -It was a tfeau
tiful day. and the Russian envoy got his
f.rst g-Hrnpse of the metropolis of the new
world under, most favorable conditions.
Everything seem-d to interest him. The
towering sky line as he passed the Bat
tery, the numerous ships in the harbor
and the activity which he .saw on every.
Fide interested him greatly and In his
quiet way he showed genuine enthusiasm
to those of his, suite who stood.near him
on deck and pointed out the various
points of interest.'
Soon afteT the ship left quarantine De
Wit;<v. surrounded by a large group of
newspaper men who came down the har
bor c:\ the revenue cutter and by as
many of the pasengers as could crowd
aroi:nd'him, called to his side Professor
cc Maartens, a member of his suite, and
handed to h:m a- statement with the di
rection that he deliver it in English as
the greeting of D<=- Witte on his arrival in
this country.. Professor de Maartens read
the greeting in a clear voice and at its
conclusion De Witte reecived a hearty
ovation, which evidently pleased him and
which -he acknowledged by several bows,
*.nd thrn walked away to another side of
the ship to look at the statue of L4berty.
The statement was as follows:
(iREETIXGS TO AMERICAJY XATIOX.
,Ftr the friendly (rreetings of the American
newspapers upon my first visit to the hospitable
thorss of the United States I offer my heartfelt
tharjts. This kind attention touches me all the
tr.cre profoundly because I realize the vastnesa
of ti:«- power wielded by the press and admire
the keen intelligence with which it is uniformly
directed. I am s?iad to be able to add that I
also eppretlate. the ethical worth of the aiir.B,
in the attainment of which the power i« so
often and to successfully employed. One of
the noblest of thef-e aims is the establishment
NETV YORK. Aug. 2.— Clothed with
plenary powers, personally prepared and
signed by his sovereign. Sergius de Witte.
Russia's ranking plenipotentiary to the
Washington conference, landed here to
day from the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse
fi* Quietly and democratically as the most
humble of tils fellow \u25a0 passenger. Mr.
Lodyg-ensky. Russian Consul General,
went down the harbor In a revenue cut
* ter this morning officially to greet the
distinguished envoy, and was received by
M. de Witte on deck while the Kaiser
Wilhelm der-Grosse was at quarantine.
Accompanying the Consul General were
Baron Schlippenhach. Russian Consul
General at Chicago; Baron Schilling. Rus
sian Vice Consul at New York, and Mr.
WUonklne. Russian financial agent at
' Washington, who was the- bearer of im
pcrtar.t dispatches from St. Petersburg to
Mr. WJtte. The .latter promptly opened,
read and quietly put the dispatches into
his pocket. Awaiting De Witte at the
dock was Baron Rosen, Russian Embas
sador to Washington, with his Secretary
of Embassy, Hansen.
Barcn Rosen went on board as soon as
the ship reached tiie dock, and cordially
greeted his confrere and the members of
his suite. . : .-
De Witte came down the" gan'splonk on
the arm of Baron Rosen. follow d by his
t Fuite, but soon : found \u25a0 .his passage im
peded by a tremendous crowd, who cheered
him and whose greetings De Witte smil
ingly acknowledged' by repf atedly lifting
his hftt. • • '
WELCOMED DV SLAVOXIAXS.
Several policemen soon came to his res
cue and cleared a passage to the auto
mobile which was waiting the party out-
\u25a0 NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— District At
torney Jerome told Justice Davy in the
criminal branch of the New York State
Supreme Court to-day that he might
need a special Grand Jury to Investi
gate the Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety's affairs before the • legislative
committee has finished its investiga
tion of Its conditions, which is soon
to begin; ' The court has been kept sit
ting to -await possible * action by
Jerome. He Informed it to-day that he
was not certain whether he Would
want the special jury or not and would
not ask for it now, but requested the
court to adjourn to September 11,
which It did. , ,
lln the meantime, he said, any Jus
tice of the court could grant the order
for a special Jury.
In making the request for an ad
journment, Jerome said: .
"As a result of the investigation by
the State Superintendent of Insurance,
which called attention to the condi
tions of the Equitable company, I have
discovered in the investigation an ex
traordinary condition of affairs which
affects not only this country but all
parts of the world. Transactions have
been of such a character that they re
quire investigation by the District At
torney of this county. The State
Superintendent of Insurance is not a
prosecuting officer and the investiga
tion he conducted was not with a view
of finding whether the company had
conducted its business in a criminal
manner." , .
Extraordinary Conditions Ke
vealed 3lay Compel, Ta
king off-. Criminal Action
Russia Wants the
Friendship of
XBW YORK, Amjj. 2. — Mem
bers of Dc "Wltte's pnrty were,
each niiprunched " to-dny for
ttieir views am to the peace ne
g-otintloua. Xnturally on a sub
ject of Kurb rielioa«-y they were
reticent, but this much wns
ascertained beyond a iloubtt
In Mcopr, the powers'" of Mr.
de Wllte, lvlm comes an pleni
potentiary of KuKsla to <ll*ctiss
with the Japanese plenipoten
tiaries means «>£ cnilinsr the
war (provided a bnstv accept
able to Russia 1« obtained), to
sign the treaty of AV««hlngton,
' are equal In every way to the
powers handed to Baron Ko
mura by tlic Japanese Gmprror.
At the. beadu.uurters of The
Japanese pence commissioners
to-nlicbt no couuuent was made
upon the published Interview
with l>c V.'ltte.
Russia's Chief Peace Plenipotentiary Comes With Plenary
. /Powers Equal to Those of Baron Komura.
Thomas W. Cook, the young
grocer who was brutally
beaten and robbed at Fruit
vale on the night of July 22,
died at the Alameda Sani
tarium early yesterday morn
ing. The autopsy , showed
that the bludgeon used by the
murderers had fractured the
entire front of the head. John
. Schneider and George W.
Blaker, the young suspects in
jail, will be charged with
murder. James - : Crowhurst
and Percy Pembroke will
also be held pending develop
ments, as they have already
confessed to other highway
SPECIAL GRAND JUEY
New York's District Attor
ney in Supreme Court dis
cusses Equitable Affairs
Autopsy Shows Deep Fractures of His Skull
JEROME MAY
YET PROSECUTE
COOK DIES FROM BLOWS
BY HEAVY BLUDGEON.
AMERICA GIVES HEARTY
WELCOME TO DE WITTE
THE SAN FRANCISCO -GALL, THURSDAY; AUGUST 3, : 1905.
3
• j : = — i Positively cored by
PABTFDQ these Little Pills.
WAl\I L l\ W * rhe y also relte™ Dls -
' HPI treES trom Dyspepsia, In-
ESpl ITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
• «1 I\fK" KJ Eating. A perfect renv
g|l 1 V B»l». edy for Dizziness, Nausea,
fI'PILLSs drowsiness. Bad Taste
Eg jtm .in the Jloutiu Coated
||ff>j%3jg2>f|| Tonrue, Pain In the Side,
|Bcbi— m— 1 TORPID LIVER* Thqy
regulate tiio Bowels. Purely Vegetable. '- ,?
SMALL PILL SimLDDSLSiimPMCL
nrcM CURE SICK HEADACHE.
fiTTLE Genuine Must, Bear
tVER *" Fac-Simile Signature
j^* \^C?!rflE«Li . 33ES3SvMk7ii*CtMittnlMMioit Appointed by President to
Investigate Government Business
MethtfdN Is at Work.
SUGGESTIONS SOUGHT FROM
HEADS OF ALL DEPARTMENTS
""WASHINGTON. Aug. 2. — The Forest
Service is making examinations of a
number of Western forest reserves to
discover what portion of their area needs
reforestation, and where planting will
best succeed. After studies in detail
have been completed and the desirabil
ity of planting has been assured plans
will be made for the reforestation of
tracts now unproductive.
Preliminary examinations are now
being- made in the Madera and Warner
Mountain forest reservations of Cali
fornia, in the Gila River reserve of New
Mexico, in the Salt Lake reserve of
Utah and in the Cassia reserve of
Idaho.
in Western Areu« Now In.
, , productive.
Government Arranging; for Replanting*
FOREST RESERVATIONS
ARE TO BE RESTOCKED
. The Mechanics National Bank of New
York is approved as the reserve agent
for the Hollywood National Bank, Hol
lywood, Cal. The First National Bank
of Los Angeles and the Germanla Na
tional Bank of San Francisco are ap
proved as reserve agents for the First
National Bank of Santa. Maria, Cal.
William T. Tompkins has been com
missioned postmaster at Weltchpec,
Cal.
\u2666WASHINGTON, Aug. 2. — James
Knight has been appointed rural carrier
at Reedley, Cal.; G. W. Nonal substitute.
Frank V. Vincent has been appointed
fourth-class postmaster at Smltn River.
Del Norte County, Cal., vice Daniel W.
Fench.
PontmaKter» Appointed to California
OtiiceM and National Bank Re
serve Asent* Are Approved.
-HELENA, Mont. Aug. 2.— Testlfyi-ns
for the Government. in. the tf ial of R.
M. Cobban In the United State 3 c.onrt
to-day on the charge .of- subornation
of perjury "in connection -with -We3te'pn
Montana 'timber . land \u25a0 entries. C. I*.
Griswold. indicted with Cobban, . But
now a Government witness. c*ite<l five
cases where entrymen.'and entrywpman
came to Helena, made final-, pxopf in
United States land offices.' then defeded
timber land to Cobban for^sums rting
ing from $-100 to 5250, Gr£jwold tulAti
llnj? the money. ." " •' . V. V*.
R. 31. Cofchan Tells, of. Flye Ca**m
Where Grlnwold Frandoleiiily Se^- \u25a0'
cured t»eed» foe i Small Price.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
ON THE PACIFIC COAST
WITNESS REVEAL* METHODS' .
OF ' LAND-STEALING EXPERT*
San Krjim'lsenna in Paris.
PARIS. Aug. 2. — J.. J. Driscoll and
wife. Sin Francisco, registered at the
Herald bureau tlji3 morning.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Aug. 2. — "United
Master Butchers ot America" 19 the name de
cided upon to-day for the amalgamated asso
ciation of butchers which was oiganized here
yesterday.
"You were so kind and so lovely to me
that not for a moment did I suppose I
was abusing your confidence." -
There was a prompt and characteristic
letter from the President, and following
is its actual wording:
"OYSTER BAY, U 1., July 2.-Mrs.
Wade Hampton— My Dear Madame: You
need not feel badly at all about causing
me any annoyance, for your explanation
of the matter was so frank and straight
forward as to put the whole thing right,
and I have not felt it necessary for me to
say anything more. I have no power to
prevent people writing about me what
ever they choose, ?.nd then there are hun
dreds of photographs of mine of all kinds
which can be obtained everywhere and
which appear in every sort of publica
tion. It must be distinctly understood,
however, that I, of course, give no au
thorization for either picture or article,
and in This particular case I would very
much prefer if nothing whatever about
me appeared, and hope nothing will ap
pear. Sincerely yours,
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— President Roose
velt in no uncertain words has distinctly
set his stamp of disapproval on the pub
lication in Fads and Fancies of any ref
erence to himself. Colonel Mann has
stated that the > President gave his con
sent to the publication, and the latter
made it plain that there had been a mis
understanding.
Then, in the explanations that followed,
it was made public that Mrs. Wade
Hampton had acted as intermediary, and
later, deploring the misunderstanding, re
cently wrote to the President 'at Oyster
Bay. Mrs. Hampton said in part in her
letter:
SAN JUAN, P. R., Aug. 2.— As an out
come of the longshoremen's strike for an
Increase of wages to 25 cents an hour,
which has been in progress for a month,
the greater portion |of San Juan was
under control of a mob between 7 and
9 o'clock last night. The mob, of which
there were about 1000 armed persons, dug
up paving blocks and stones and with
these and other missiles rushed through
the streets, fighting the police, who were
armed with rifles ana fired scores •of
shots, but mostly Into the air." One per
son was killed and there are forty wound
ed in the hospitals, three or four of whom
may die.
At S o'clock, while the main police force
was engaged with the rioters, another
mob, mainly composed of young men
and boys, threw stones at the arc lights
in the main streets, with the result tHat
nearly the entire city was in total dark
ness all night.
At 9 o'clock the mob sought refuge in
a disreputable district, In which there
was no police. This district, however,
was surrounded by police and mounted
squads patrolled the city fpr the remain
der of the night. At midnight the police,
who number only 100, had the situation
under control.
At noon to-day the city was quiet, and
the police, it is believed," will be able to
cope with the situation. Carti-oers were
on the roofs commanding the streets in
the disreputable. districts. Governor Win
throp said:
"I am going to have order in San Juan.
If the police should prove insufficient, I
propose to call for soldiers and marines.
Thirty-five of the leaders have been ar
rested." r i
NEW. YORK, Aug. 2.— kt the office of
the New York and Porto Rico Steamship
Company, which employs more than one
half of the longshoremen on strike at San
Juan, 'word was received to-day that the
strikers numbered not more than 250 al
together. They are natives. No damage
to the company's property has been re
ported as a result of the riot. The com
pany has been able to engage natives
from the east end of the island to load
and unload all its steamships without
delay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BASLE. Switzerland. Aug. 2.— The Zion
ist congTess to-day enthusiastically ' re
ceived Max Nordau's eloquent felicttat
tions of Switzerland upon the celebratiuu
of the anniversary of tha " founding of
the confederation; .'..." • "' -
A memorial Iwas presented from- the
Grand Lodge of the Sons ot Israel in tha
United States saying: th^it while they were
not affiliated with Zionism.' they were pre
pared to. co-operate in tbe •establishment
of a Jewish fatherland". .•* -; „
Rabbi JTelns. leader of the Mlqrahi3t
element, declared that his group 'adhered
to the views of the consresa. -• ' .. • .
Several German delegates- rerfuested and
obtained the consent : orf 'the congress to
present .arguments favoring Jewish eolo-r
nization outside of Palestine., bringing out
a request from Rer. Dr. Magnaa 'of Brook
lyn, N. V.. for a. ruljng by' the chair as
to whether -Sunday's decision favorable
to Palestine was binding. on all- the dele
gates, .to which- the chairman acceded.
Meanwhile the socialist section deflnileJr
seceded from the orthodox "Zionists,'. the!
object being- to tin<2 suitable ' territory
apart from ' Palestine for the- foundation
of a colony. '--z. '-.''. ''\u25a0'; .\u25a0' :..'• • . -.'•
The congress, after accepting reports of
committees on proposed 'alterations- .fn
the statutes., was- brought to a. .close this
afternoon with the election -of the. execu
tive committee, ore which Pr. Henry Frte
denwald, Tewin Epistine; Cyrd Sulzber
ger, Zolo Horoviteh. Dr. Magnes and Dr.
Harry represent the United States^ ' /Dry
Frommenson, on behalf of .the American
delegates, amid scenes' of enfthu^lasm. pre
sented to the congress the. Zionist na
tional banner from the St. Louis exposi
tion. - ."" ''.. '.
Does Not Want the New
York Publication to Con
tain Mention of His N&me
Governor Winthrop Threat
ens to Call for Soldiers and
3larines to "Restore Order
Socialist . Section Secedes
and Will Find Territory
Apart From : .Palestine
WRITES HER; A LETTER
KIOTEES ABE NATIVES
MEMOEIAL PRESENTED
One Man Killed and Forty
Injured jin Strike Dis
turbances in San Juan
President Satisfied With
Explanation of the "Fads
and Fancies" Affair
Sons of Israel in United
States Favor . Establish
ing Jewish Fatherland
MRS. HAMPTON
NOT BLAMED
PORTO RICANS
LEARNING FAST
ZIONISTS END
THEIR CONGRESS
Try the United States Laundry. • 1004
Market street. Telephone Soutb 420. •
A fine aeliv'etr*. wagon is a rood advertise
ment. • VT» have* them with panel top and
plate glass f'.Ce. They are beauties. We also
carry express vagens. Leibold Harness Cora
j>U3j-. 211 Earkln street. •
?. REDDING. < Aug. • 2— There is no
truth, in the report \ telegraphed from
Kenhet last njght of the, destruction of
the Gladstone mill neaV French. Gulch.
Xo Fire- at- Gladstone - Mine.
NEW YORK. Aiigr. , 2.— The applica
tion-of Mrs. Alice^Webb: Duke for;ali
mony and counsel :fee pending the trial
of her suit tt f or ?di vorce from ' Brodie \ L.
Duke, was denied •' to-day V b*y Justice
Giegrerltch fin the 1 Supreme * Court.l-the
reason given being. that' the. isjiccessfdf
Duke's suit for -divorce 'seemedOn
evitable. -• :'\u25a0'"••'\u25a0-\u25a0.". ' V^
No Alimony for ' Mrs. Duke.
A personally conducted excursion,' via
Grand Canyon of Arizona, Denver, Colo
rado Springs, Manltou, Garden of the
Gods, Pikes Peak, Kansas City and Chi
cago: J57.75 round trip to Buffalo, in
cluding trip to Grand Canyon; every day
a holiday; the grandest sight-seelne ex
cursion of the year.
F. of A. Attention! This Is your offi
cial route. Reservations should be made
at once.
For further particulars ask at No. 653
Market street, Santa Fe Office. •
Buffalo. \ew York and Return, at Little
EAST AT LOW RATE.
BISBEE, A. T., Aug. 2. — News comes
,from Sonora. in a letter to the editor
of .; the Nogales Oasis that negotiations
for peace are in \u25a0• progress between the
Yaqui Indians -and the Mexican Gov
ernment.,- - Couriers •\u25a0' are " traveling
throughout the State wherever there
are Yaqui Indians, exhorting them to
commit.no further depredations pend
lnff a^ peace conference: .A conference
'Will' be 'held: at Ures Infa few, days,' It
is said, between the Yaqui leaders and
Mexican representaitves. -The initia
tive came from the' Yaquis. The last
treaty with - the Yaquls was made at
Ortez in 1887, and was not broken until
1895. ' .:\u25a0'-.\u25a0 '-. \u25a0\u25a0 .i \u25a0 •; ';. .
Red Men Will Hold a Conference With
, Representatives 'of tJie Mexi
-, can Government.
VICTORIA, 8,. C, Aug. 2.— News was
received by the Empress of
iapan bf hoprlble atrocities committed
b>; a French district officer at-Kwang
chouwan, near Hainan, recently leased
to.' France, by China. M. Liegeot died
under mysterlqus oircurrfstanees, the
nodical o£cer statin? that death was
due J.o sunstroke. .
An investigation resulted, which
brought to light the fact that the
Frenchman had been guilty of practic
ing f righjtf ul atrocities upon Chinese.
They were killed In grewsome ways as
pirates. The " Chinese were made
crunk, then* Ijeaten with rattans, then
Yhey; -were ironed as a laundryman does
linen until death ensued.
Hot Irons Until Death Claimed
« • Tli fin. .
>la«le Drank and Tii<-u Stamped With
FRIOHTFUL ATROCITIES
"' PRACTICED ON CHINESE
PEACE OVERTURES MA^JE
BY THE YAQUI INDIANS
SAN JOSE, Aug. 2.-^J. W.- Roy, .a
teamster employed in San Francisco,
was arrested there this morning;; on
complaint of his wife, Mrs.' Roy, who re
sides at 135 East San Antonio , street,
this city, on the charge of failure •/ to
provide Af or his children. 'The com
plaint was made before City Justice
Davison. Roy was arrested here ; on : a
similar charge about a year ; ago, and
at that time promised to give his wife
a' monthly allowance. ' This >he has . not
done. \u25a0 Mrs.* Roy alleges that !in 'the past
year her husband • has ;^6nly given; her
$3 50, and she has., been- compelled £ to
work to support herself and "children^ ;
Mrs. J. YV". Roy of Nan Jose Rai Sponae
Arrested for \u25a0 Failure ; to -^
V tor Children. J r^"-' r ', < \
SEATTLE, Aug.- -2. — Late spring
wheat and oats have been' materially
injured in the eastern counties of the
State by the hot weather and dry winds
of the last two weeks, according to the
weekly report of G. N. Salisbury, secre
tary of the Climate and Crop Service of.
the Department of Agriculture. The
loss will be from one-sixth to one
fourth of the entire crop.
The last week is recorded as a very
favorable one for haying and harvest
ing. Late hay and the second crop of
alfalfa are being cut.. The timothy. has
done well in the eastern counties.
terially Injured During Last
Two Week*.
Late Spring Wheat and Oats Ma-
GIVEN BUT THREE DOLLARS . :
IN YEAR MY HER HUSBAND
DRY WEATHER RETARDS*
. » '" CROPS iIX WASHINGTON
-' c • • ' ' •
; VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 2.— The extra
dition proceedings against George D. Col- j
Iftis of San. Francisco, charged with per
j pay; have agtiin been postponed until !
.Friday", Collins stating he could not" ar^!
1 gTife the many objections he j had raised
during the examination of witnesses un
til he examined the evidence.
Before adjournment [ Judge Lampman !
decided that all depositions taken before
! Judge Lawlor "in San Francisco were ad
' m^sslble, to which ruling Collins took ex
ceptions.
Collins-is no longer confined in the City
Jail at night, arrangements having been
J made with the police to allow him to stop
at a hbjuL. He. pays the -expenses of an
o additjoaal gua^d. / ;
RENO. Aug. 2.— The United States
reclamation service is planning to make
Nevada the central point of a vast ex
periment to prove the richness of the
desert soils of' America. Negotiations are
now Hi progress in Churchill County for
the purchase of a tract of 160 acres of
land. Thomas H. Means, a soil expert for
the Government, is now on the scene
closing up the deal. The land is located
about one mile from Fallon, the county
seat of Churchill and practically in the
heart of N^ada's reclamation district.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Depositions Taken in San
: , Francisco, to Be Admitted
.as Evidence. •
SAN JOSIiJ, Aug. 2.— Mrs. Julia F.
Tremble, a waitress employed at the
Eckson, a fashionable boardlngr-house
on North Third street, became violently
insane to-day. She came here Tuesday
from Mountain View, where she had
been employed at tho American Hotel
by. Mrs. A. W. Martin. Under the hal
lucination that Mrs. - Martin had fol
lowed her to this city for the purpose
of murdering her, the young 1 woman
ran through the streets; screaming for
help. She dashed into a house at 336
North Third street for, refuge. The
police' were called and the woman was
taken to the Red Cross Sanitarium.
£Mrs. Tremble is a prepossessing
young- woman. She came from Pres-
GOtt, A. T., about a month ago, .where
she "has a husband and children. Since
arriving in California she had been em
ployed in Mountain View, but was ad
dicted to liquor, and for this reason
was ; discharged. . '
Fancied Assailant.
She RunlieN Through the Streets
Screaming for Help Agralnst a
Will Soon Open an Experi
ment Station Near Fallon,
Nevada.
COURT AGAIN RULES
. ' '• AGAINST COLLINS
WAITRESS I.V.SAN JOSE
GOES SUDDENLY IXSANE
GOVERNMENT TO TEST
THE DESERT SOILS
"The American woman of to-day has
a splendid heritage from the past; not
simply the past of our young nation,
but from the distant past of nations
beyond the seas; a heritage from those
women of yore, who, when circum
stances demanded, proved themselves
heroines by heart and hand. From
over the seas came the heritage of the
American woman. • Courageously she
lived during those early days, bravely
she' endured during the revolutionary
days, faithfully she assisted -during
pioneer days. Her education has been
acquired by slow stages. Her right in
government is soon .to be*. recognized.
I am glad of these achievements, but
best of all and greatest of^all are.the
houses thatf are made honies because
of the American woman who. is; there."
In the report of the conference in
connection with.the reading of Stephen
Philipps' "Paola and Francesca" a name
wag incorrectly given. .The. poem : was
read by Mrs. Josephine Rand^ Rogers of
Palo Alto, the wife of. Professor ' Fre
deric Rogers of Stanford University. '
PACIFIC GROVE, Aug. 2.— C. Calvart
Smoot. pastor of the Second Unitarian
Church in San Francisco, was the par
ticular drawing card of the evening's
session of the Women's. Christian Tem
perance Union Convention. ' His sub
ject was "American Women." ,He said
in part:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Pastor Speaks at Temperance
Conference at Pacific
Grove.
PORTLAND, Aug.- 2.— Coos Bay will
hay?" direct rail .co'nriection with Port
land in ttve very near future. Official an
nouncement js. made bythe Southern Pa
cific Company- that a standard gauge
track will be built from Drain, on the
overland lftie.ln Oregon. ICS miles south
of 'Portland,' io Marshfield, • eighty-one
miles west on trre coast. The route • will
be along Elk Creek to the Umpqua, along
the Umpqua west to Gardiner, thence al
most tiue south, .The final survey and the'
securing 'of Ifce right of way will be fin
ished with all possible speed. This is the
first road to find -'a .way over the coast
range. . . . '; .-j :*,;
The road Will. have the general shape of
a right- triangle; with the point of the
angle at Gardiner. • - : :
Special Dispatch to. JThe Call.
DR. SHOOT PRAISES
THE AMERICAN .WO3IAN
Line to Be Run Over Coast
Range in Oregon to
-. ';*:.-. • the Sea..
EUREKA, Aug. 2.— The City Council by
a vote of three to two last evening decided
that an opposition telephone company to
compete with- the 'Sunset Company was
not .wanted here. The matter was de
cided Con the question of offering for sale
the franchise as requested by the inde
pendent company in which San Francisco
capitalists are interested. The matter
came vp r twice before, but the Sunset
Company headed off the sale of the fran
chise at the last moment each time, after
nearly $200Q had been forfeited.
The question of readvertising the sale
came up last night and it was decided
not to offer the privilege for sale again.
This action heads off any efforts of the
new concern, to enter the field for the
next two years and is locally regarded
as being inspired by the Sunset Company.
The citizens generally favor the new com
pany and much unfavorable comment has
been heard on the action of the city
fathers. It is believed the independents,
who were represented by^E. C. Sharpe of
San Francisco, will give "up their efforts
for the nresent.
COOS BAY WILL HA YE
RAILROAD I CONNECTION
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 2. — Within one
hundred feet of the mal;i San Gabrlel-
Covina road, a thoroughfore which has
been in use for more than a century
and was one of the main avenues of
travel in the days of the mission fath
ers, a ledge of porphyry rock has been
discovered which assays $423 gold to
the ton. The discovery was made by
S. G. Bragg of Covina, who did not
make it public until he had secured all
of the surrounding property possible.
The news will result in an examination
of the mountain ledges in that vicinity
for miles around.
The finding .of the ore was an acci
dent. Bragg in passing the place re
marked the different color of- a clearly
defined streak along the face of the
bluff and examined it closely. Being
an experienced metallurgist, he soon
discovered traces of gold. Taking
samples from various parts of the
ledge, he had them assayed, with the
results stated.
Ore Found Which Is Said to Assay
More Than Four Hundred
. Dollars n Too.
City Trustees Decide Not to
* Oner Franchise For
Sale.
GOLD DISCOA'KUED .\EAR
SA\* GABKIEL-COVI3TA ROAD
EUREKA EXCLUDES"
: KEW PHONE COMPANY
Ucutenant E. C. Griffin, Sergeant B. R.
Lovejoy. Quartermaster Sergeant C. H.
Turner and Sc-rsreant H. PV Barnes, all of
Company F, Second Infantry, Woodland;
Second Lieutenant John Copeland, Cor
poral W. C. Burgess, Artificer T. H. Har
ris, Private C. B. Dascimbo and Private
R. <3. Hasklngp, all of Company H. Plac
ervllle;.Servant'J..R. O'Rourke and Pri
vate W. A. Guidner, Company C, Fifth
Infantry. PetaLnma; Second Lieutenant
H. O. Higgins,- Quartermasfpr Sergeant
M. V. Darling. Private" C. G. Darling and
Private C. B Worcester, Company M Sev
enth Infantry, Riverside. • \u25a0 -
SACRAMENTO, . AXwr:- 2.— Adjutant Gen
eral J. B. Lauck to-day announced the
personnel of the rifle team selected from
the National Guard of this. State to par
ticipate In the national rifle competition,
to be- held at -Seagirt, N. J,. commencing
August 24. Lieutenant Colonel W. G.
Shreibor of L«os ' Anyeles will be the team
chief, and Captain John O. Lee of Com
pany F. Second Infantry, of Woodland
will be team, coach. Lieutenant R. C.
Fallmer of Los .Anjreles will also be an
official. The dtber members of the team
Men Selected to Represent
the State it Seagirt .
* Match. : .;
The bride is of the same age as her
husband and is a native of Uruguay.
The two have only known each other
three days.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 2.— John H. Turpin,
one of the survivors of the battleship
Maine in Havana harbor and also one of
the men who escaped without a scratch
in the Bennington disaster, surprised his
friends last night by taking a bride. He
married Miss Isabella Parades,, a cook in
the household of William Clayton. The
marriage license was not issued until
nearly midnight and the wedding took
place shortly after.
Turpin is 2S years old and was a Eallor
on board the Maine when that ship was
blown up in Havana harbor. He re
ceived Injuries which laid him up in the
hospital for six months. He was sent to
France by the United States Govern
ment, and while there a silver plate was
put in his head. At the time of the ex
plosion on board the Bennington Turpin
was on decK. He was blown into the
water and swam ashore, but later re
turned to the ship and rescued nine of
his comrades from death. His father was
a Turk and his mother was a native ot
Jamaica, in which country Turpin was
born. It is his boast that he has been
over the entire world several times and
that there is not a harbor that he has
not visited. He is something of a lin
guist, speaking seven languages fluently.
Special DiFpatch to The Call.
EIFLE TEAM CHOSEN
FOR XAITONAL 3IEET
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 2.— Among the
passengers who arrived by the steam
ship Empress of Japan* to-day were two
wealthy Chinese merchants, L«o Man
Leung and Chan Chin Man, who i^are
bound to Washington to discuss with>the
Chinese Minister C,hinese-American trade
\ matters with special reference, to the i boy
! cott now being enforced against "Amer-
I lean goods in ChinU. .' • -}, ;r* "
In an interview one of the: Chinese said
that, although they had no official stand
j ing, they wished to lay' certain matters
I with regard to the -difficulties that had
| arisen before the Ch-nese legation in the
United States. Lo Man Leung. said there
was a strong feeling at present growing
in force in the coast cities of China for
a union with Japan. /
Although arrivals from China state the
! boycott against American goods is not
a serious menace, the Cfhinese newspapers
are filled with anti-American reports.
The Peking Commercial Guild has
drawn up a special paper and millions
of copies are to be circulated to give pub
licity to the boycott. The Guild, with
representatives from every Chinese
province but Fukien, has made an agree
; ment that no member will purchase
American goods on pain of a large fine.
A mass-meeting of delegates from twenty
six Chinese colleges was held at Tien
| tsin to further the boycott. It was de
cided to appoint a, number of students
from each school to travel and . lecture
upon the boycott. Large numbers of
placards are being posted I throughout
Southern China, the language of which
is in cases strongly anti-foreign..
When a delegate of the Chinese boycott
movement against America was explain
ing to students in Canton schools the na
ture of the agitation, he pointed out that
many students wore tunics made of
American cloth. These were at once torn
from the backs of the students.
Various Chinese papers' have' given
notice that no American business notice
or any news regarding Americans will be
published. x - .
Survivor of Maine and the
Bennington Takes a
Bride.
Come to" America to Discuss
Boycott With Minister
in Washington.
HEEO JOHN .TURPIX
WEDS IN SAN DIEGO
CHINESE MEKCHANTS
ON WAY TO CAPITAL
YOUNG WOMAN OF PACIFIC
GROVE WHO YESTERDAY BE
CAME A BRIDE.
The bridegroom is a son of P. L. Truitt,
a real estate dealer of Lorapoc, and is
now a senior in the dental college of the
University of California,
The color scheme for the wedding was
white, pink and green. Th« gown of the
bride was light tan crepe de Paris over
taffeta silk, trimmed with lace. The
bridesmaid was Miss Ava Neighbor, the
twin sister of the bride. The bridegroom
was attended by Frank Neighbor, the
brother of the bride, as best man. The
couple will spend a month in Southern
California, after which San Francisco
will be their residence.
PACIFIC GROVE, Aug. 2.— The mar
riage of Miss Ada Florence Neighbor of
Pacific Grove and Samuel Paul Truitt of
Lompoc took place here to-day at high
noon. The bride is one of the "twin"
Neighbor daughters, her father, J. H.
Neighbor, being one of the oldest and
most respected residents of this city.
She was educated in the schools of Pa
cific Grove and at the Conservatory of
Music of the University of the Pacific,
and has always been an active member
of local social and musical circles.
Late last evening the lock on the man's
cell was found to be so worn that the
door could be sprung open with little
more than ordinary pressure. This was
remedied and it was not thought that any
other plan of escape had been planned.
Then two saws were found in the cell.
The dynamite, it is believed, was con
sealed about his clothes. Three more
sticks of dynamite were t found in the
cell this morning. Chesterfield has kept
good his word that he would never be
taken to the penitentiary alive.
Mrs. Luella Chesterfield was arrested
this afternoon and has confessed that she
carried the dynamite, saws and guns to
her husband in his cell that he might
gain his liberty. Mrs. Chesterfield went
to the jail shortly after 2 o'clock this
afternoon and asked to see her husband.
Although for five hours newsboys on the
streets had been crying the news of his
effort to blow up the jail, the woman
feigned Ignorance of what had occurred.
She was taken to police headquarters and
fifteen minutes in the sweat box broke
her down. With tears streaming down
her cheeks, she informed the officers that
she knew. all about what had happened.
At her husband's solicitation, she said,
she had made three trips to the County
Jail where, as. the wife of the criminal,
she was given every privilege and allow
ed to see him alone. On two of. these
trips she passed him five sticks of dyna
mite and on the third the two revolvers,
saws and carbolic acid. She declared she
loved the man and would do anything
to help him gain his liberty. She is now
locked up without a charge.
Chesterfield is at the Wayside Mission
with the bullet still in his head. He has
but one - chance in a hundred for re
covery, f
SEATTLE; Aug. 2.— After dynamiting
the County Jail and entirely wrecking his
cell In the hope of being able to effect
his escape, Jack Chesterfield, at 4 o'clock
this morning, fired six shots at the jail
ers who attempted to restore order In
the cell and then sent a bullet into his
brain. The wound, it is thought, will
prove fatal. Chesterfield was to have
been taken to the penitentiary this morn
ing to serve a three years' sentence for
assaulting a young girl.
Chesterfield had two revolvers in his
hands. and fired at every one who ap
proached him. He was completely barri
caded and was able to keep the jailers
at bay until the Fire Department was
called out and his cell flooded. It was not
until the man was standing in two feet
of water that he gave up and shot him
self. Game to the last breath, he. never
left his feet and was- taken leaning
against his cell, though a leaden ball had
torn a hole through his head.
Chesterfield was secretely married in
the jail three weeks ago. Since then hi 3
wife has been given unbounded freedom.
She abused the confidence of the officials
and supplied her husband with what she
thought, would be his means of escape,
but which have proved to be implements
of self-destruction.
In Its report the Grand . Jury recom
mends that the Board 'of Supervisors
e<Sopt better 'business methods and in-
Ftnicts the District Attorney wherever
possible to make an effort to recover the
money Illegally paid out.- ••
EUIU:KA." Aug. 2.— Through fraud and
avoidable errors,.' the Matter due to loose
methods of • transacting ' business, this
county has lost thousands, of' dollars
\u25a0which might have be<?n' saved to the tax
payers, fiucli is the disclosure made by
the report of the- Grand Jury filed in
Judge Wilson's court this morning after
a series of cartful and . searching inves
tigations which . have been, in progress
pince"May 15. Just haw much money has
illegally left. the, county treasury cannot
be definitely stated:
According to the report, road work that
has cost the county $10,000 should have
been performed for $2,000. Every road
fund in the county has overdrawn and
Individuals outside th* '. road * districts
have profited. ' In road district No. 2,
where the Irregularities first became ap
parent, thf report, of the; Grand Jury ex
perts shows that a .total of JIC2O 60 was
paid out in claitns, n«t «ne of which was
•i legal charge agaln«t the county. In five
districts $144 50 -was illegally, paid out.
Outside: of the road funds, individuals
profited to the amount of $.123. As far as
the GranS Jury has discovered, the coun
ty is out about $10,000. Xo claim is made
that this report is exactly accurate, con
sequently how much "ciore. money belong
irr? to 'the tax payers has-been illegally
paid out is not certain and probably never
wiii.tM. ;.;>•;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Board of "Supervisors Told
by Grand Jury to Adopt
Better business Methods
Overpowered by Water From
Fire Hose After Making a
Fierce Fight to Escape
Couple After Honey
moon to Reside in
. San Francisco.
WIFE HIS ACCOMPLICE
INQUIRY SHOWS FKAUD
Money Illegally. Paid Out
for Road Work and for
Other blatters in Huinboldt
He Wrecks His Cell, Fires
Upon Guards and, Facing
Defeat, Shoots Himself
Miss Florence Neigh
bor Joined in Wed
lock to S. P. Truitt.
SCANDAL OVER
COUNTY FUNDS
JAIL DYNAMITED
BY A PRISONER
BELLE OF PACIFIC GROVE
BECOMES A BRIDE.
THE SAN < FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1905.
BUFFALO, Aup, 2. — The report of George
P. Keating and George R. Teller, appraiser*
of. the defunct German Bank show that though
the face value of the bank's assets was $G,71)u,
176, their actual * value as estimated by the
appraisers la about' $3,030,070.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2. — Second Lieu
tenant Thomas W. Hammond, First In
fantry, is transferred to the Twenty
second Infantry; will report to the com
manding officer at Fort McDowell for
duty pending the arrival of his regi
ment. Captain Balph S. Porter, surgeon.
Fort Niobrara, Neb., will proceed to the
Philippine Islands by first available
transport from San Francisco; upon ar
rival at Manila will report to the com
manding general of the Philippine Divi
sion for assignment to duty. -\u25a0•\u25a0
AH3IY OItDUUS.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2. — The Keep
commission, appointed'by the President
to investigate business methods In the
executive departments of the Govern
ment and to suggest any desirable
changes, has prepared 107 questions,
which it has forwarded to the heads of
departments with requests for prompt
replies. These questions relate princi
pally to the general department organi
zation, personnel, correspondence and
files, the purchase of supplies and ac
counts and miscellaneous matters. >'-•'
4
"He That Waits Upon Fortune Is J
Never Sure of a Dinner." •/•..:-
Better get the dinner on a gas .range; then you wbrv-'^ •
have to wait upon Fortune — *in fact.' you .won't have, to
wait at all — just "a match and a minute*.". Delicious 'food ' .
Gas Ranges at Cost $ 1 5.00 .. .. . . •
Free Installation " • *
TEe QAS CONiPANY^[
«« Notice is hereby given that offers for public subscriptions. .to the*- |;
>!; "Western Iron Steel" stock at Ten Dollars per share", present offer- I !
. ||! ing limited to One Thousand shares, will _ be received at the £orn.- -*|' . [
>j! pany's office; 817 to 823 James Flood Building, San Francisco, until >|
l> 12 o'clock noon/Tuesday, August 15th. Subscriptions must be,ac-"'Jv" *
?2 companied by checks to the order of said Company for five per cent '•>> /
« of amount subscribed, balance payable within ten days after date of tl\. '"
» allotment. The right is reserved to reject any : subscrrpti6*n in whole i> .
Jz or in part. Full particulars can be obtairred at the Company's office. &
« The first offering of one thousand shares at Five Dollars per • S
|> share was oversubscribed three times. . • • * 2 *.'
Miff AMr\ nc?"!"i vraM wsk
BB AND RET UHvi . 11
MM • Round " tr5 P tickets on sale Augrust 15th. 16th. 24th. ZJth, .H A '
SfjM via Southern Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago & North- \u25a0»!«$!
I?! |5 Western Railway. Choice of routes goins and returning, with "S^
fnjjfci liberal stopover privileges. " .••.*. §| sp3
11 New ars on Overland Limited if
ra^k About August 15th Twenty new Standard Sleepers.'of ten 'sec- IfjW.
wlra tions — Drawing-room and two State Rooms jeaeh, with, -all" jS^Sf '
the latest and most modern conveniences. These cars are. M&I
yh!j&L built especially for the famous electri'c-ligrhted Overland ff&l '•'
Limited, solid through train, less than three days to &£m
imjsk. Chicagro, over the only double-track railway from ffl/ff . •
tho Missouri River to Chicago. . /^vJOr-" * :
Free information, booklets, maps, time schedules, sleesimr car J^t'&J \u2666 * • *
_j'"»iZ^^ reservations, ticicets, etc., on applicition. • lC^Ct>j^»^\v
*• R - RITCHIE, Gen'l Alt. Pacific Coast. C. h N.-W. fty..
\u25a0*^J ggSf 'fft t< BjiilllJJ'^" WOTH. Gen'! AyL Pasi'r Dept., U. P..R. ft ,_ ifjffififj^ i j"tfij
Fitters
A sudden-attack of
Cramps, Vomiting or
Diarrhoea is promptly cured
by the Bitters.- Always keep'
a bottle handy. 'and you'll save
a lot of suffering- ; Then it
also cures POOP Appetite,
Sleeplessness, indiges-
t ion,' Ileartburn, t»ys-
pepsia, Costiveness or
Female Ills. Try it to-
:day»: Avoid all substitutes.;5
Notes of the Questions Said to
Have Been Given in Advance
I— Muscle* that raise tongue.
2 — Name muscle* of toname.
3 — Branche* of Inf. Max. Dlv. Stk (inferior maxillary
division).
4 — \ame muscle** trouble In Ext.
S — Give origin of Seventh Flor. 4th Interib.
6 — Give bone* of face.
7 — Give muscle* of face.
B—Muscle*8 — Muscle* attached to Inf. Max.
9— Number of ribs.
: _ : *
he had passed. "Dr. Dunn told me that he could, not
answer," said the young graduate, "because the board haa
instructed them all not to talk. But he did tell me of one
fellow who had taken the examinations in Los Angeles,
failed in eight subjects and passed, while, another student
had failed in only two and got through."
EXCITING CLASH NARROWLY AVEIITED.
Instantly there was a hubbub. Attorney W. S. Braun
was on his feet claiming that Dr. Dunn had given away
secrets of the board which he had sworn to keep
— Dr. Dunn was leaning over the table excitedly.
It looked as though there might be a clash, ,but Commis
sioner Devlin Interrupted with more questions and the
proceedings resumed their former quiet.
Considerable time was spent in attempting to find the
source from which Dr. P. S. Coke, a member of a Market
street dental firm, got his information concerning the
students who were successful In passing tile State examina
tions. Several witnesses swore that this man told them
that they had passed and one was told that he failed to
get through. Not one of them could tell why Dr. Coke
should know whereof he spoke, but they all seemed to take
his word regarding their standing as final.
Shortly after the commission resumed Its session in
the afternoon yesterday an attempt was made to show that
two of the witnesses had agreed upon a story to tell which
would "settle things," but the promised sensation came to
naught when these witnesses stated their entire conversa
tion. Dr. Smith had gone over to Dr. Howatt, told him that
he was to take the stand next, and told him to tell he
commission that he (Howatt) received the questions from
Smith. Both admitted the statements alleged, but said
that there was utterly no significance attached to them.
The matter was dismissed.
WOULD NOtVsICHV THE AFFIDAVIT.
Syverson told the commission the facts regarding the
attempt to have- him .sign an affidavit exonerating every
member of the board from irregularities in the giving of
the examinations. He said that Dr. Balrd had asked him to
do this, but had told him that It was merely voluntary on
his part. Dr. Jacoby also requested him to sign such an
affidavit, but he declined because he believed there had
been irregularities. He also told the commission of the
coming of a man to his place of work in the Richmond
District who represented that he was employed by a firm
of lawyers retained by the commission to gather the evi
dence. The man's name was Tucker, but except for the
two days that he called Syverson had not seen him. Tucker
got all the Information that Syverson had.
The first witness called in. the second day's hearing
was Dr. Lew T. Smith, who took the stand.on Tuesday. He
went over his former testimony in great detail, telling just
how he happened to receive the examination questions from
Dr. E. H. Howard, demonstrator of anatomy of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons. He admitted, however,
that nine of these ten questions given in the final examina
tion had been suggested to him by Dr. Howard, but he
stated that he attached no peculiar significance to this, as
questions were often guessed.
DR. COKE TELLS HIM HE PASSED.
Several other recent graduates were disposed of
quickly; Dr. Bert Mallet, Dr. R. F. Morehead and Dr.
Robert Young all stating that they had seen the questions
which are alleged to have been given out Improperly Dr.
Young said that Dr. P. S. Coke had told him that he was
successful in passing the examinations before the State
Board. Dr. T. H. Richmond testified that he was in Dr.
Swain's room at 160 Golden Gate avenue when Dr. Howatt
was giving the questions to Dr. Leslie. "When Dr. Howatt
left," said »Dr. Richmond, "Dr. Leslie told me that he
thought he had the right dope, or words to that effect, and
I sat down and copied the questions."
"Have you those questions?" asked Attorney Braun
"Yes," game the startling answer, "I have them In my
room — that is. all but one of them. That one has disap
peared."
On tho motion of Attorney Braun the witness was
excused to get the questions and cited to appear In the
afternoon.
DID NOT CHEER VERY GREATLY.
Dp. J. W. Potter of Tulare was the last witness called.
He is a member of the Psl Omega Fraternity, but he said
that he had not seen the alleged improper questions. As to
the cheering of Dr. Mayhew and the other members of the
board he said: "We did not cheer Dr. Mayhew any more
than any of the rest. We always, cheer all the members
?L , \u2666J >0 * ai I d . When they enter tha room to ma -ke them
think that they are good fellows and liked whether they
are or not." This reply caused a burst of loud laughter
from ©very ono In tho room, Including the members of the
board. . , • \u25a0
At 5 o'clock an adjournment was taken until 9 o'clock
this morning, when more of the recent graduates will ba
examined. :-. ; r, '
"ALBANY, N. V., Aug. 2. — William B.
Moore, husband of Fayne Strahan
Moore, who achieved notoriety several
years ago by working a "badger game"
on Martin Mahon, at the New Amster
dam Hotel' in New York City, was par
doned to-day by Governor Hlgglns.
Moore was sentenced In December, 1898,
for twenty years. He used to live at
Cleveland and many prominent citizens,
Including Governor Herrlck, signed tho
petition for his release. A good posi
tion is waiting for, Moore as soon as
ho leaves prison.
Man Sentenced to Tvrenty Year* for
.Working "Badgrer Game" In New
York Gain* Liberty. :;,v :
FAYNB STRAHAN MOORE'S
HUSBAND IS PARDONED
NEW YORK, Aug. 2. — Two collisions,
one of which snapped a propeller
blade, were reported by the steamship
Minneapolis, which arrived to-day
from London. The first mishap oc
curred In a mix-up between the Min
neapolis, another liner, a tramp ship
and a fishing smack Saturday, July 22,
in the English Channel. Captain
Thomas F. Cates of the Minneapolis
says his steamer was wedged so tight
ly in the trap that his only chance was
which of the other ships to run down.
He chose the fishing smack as the least
dangerous and struck this boat a glan
cing blow, whicn carried away parts of
her rigging, but did no other serious
damage.
Two days later, Captain Cates be
lieves, the Minneapolis ran over tho
remains of a submerged wreck. Early
Saturday morning, while the passen
gers were asleep, the ship shivered as
from a shock to her hull and one blade
of her propeller snapped off. Pas
sengers wero awakened and ran on
deck in alarm and the steamer came to
a Btop. After short delay, however, she
proceeded on her way.
Minneapolis Runs Down a
Fishing Smack and Later
Hits Submerged Wreck.
ATLANTIC LINER IS
TWICE IN COLLISION
MUSCATINE. lowa, Aug. 2.-John D.
Rockefeller was bitterly arraigned in an
address given at the opening of the Co
lumbus Junction Chautauqua this evening
by Governor Robert La Folletto of Wis
consin. La Follette denounced John D.
Rockefeller as the greatest criminal of
the age, and repeated his former decla
ration that if Rockefeller lived a mil
lion years he could not atone for his
crimes.
"I hear John has been attending pray
er meeting again." said the Governor.
"Well, now, that Is nice. I tell you, by
the Eternal! If he lived a million years
he could not atone. He gives with many
hands, but he also robs with many hands.
He is the author of the odious rebate sys
tem, In which he has built a trust on oil,
a system which wa* rejected by the mod
ern better class of financiers, but of late
has been accepted. Rockefeller Is branch
ing out and in time the banking system
of the country will bo under his control.
"His prayer meetings will not save him.
Ho will be judged in God's time—etern
ity—and the place you can guess."
Thousands heard the address.
FATHER OF YOUNG GIANT
SEEKS POLICE PROTECTION
York Demolishes Diningr-Iloom
In Fit of Anger,
Flftern-T*ar-OM Six-Footer la Wew
'NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— : -On complaint
of his father. Alfred Price, a 15-year
old boy, who is more than nix feet tall
and of manly proportions, has boon ar
rested. The father declared that when
he remonstrated with the young man
for some action the boy demolished ev
erything In tho dining-room, threatened
to fire the house and loudly declared
that if a policeman attempted to stop
him he would kill him.
Alfred senior, dodging- tho flying
glassware and china, ran Into the street
and called a patrolman. After a long
search In the house the police found
the erstwhile pugnaciously Inclined
youth hiding under a bed In his fath
er's room, crying as If hi* heart would
break. When taken to tho station Al
fred's feelings were once more lacerated
when he was turned over to the Chil
dren's Society. •: • ';
BELCHER'S ABSENCE} CITES
A ; FRIENDS MUCH COXCERIf
Mayor of Faterson, N. J., Disappears
. Under Peculiar Circumstance*,
bat Shows Vp Later.
PATERSON. N. J., Aug. 2.— Mayor
Belcher of this city returned to town
to-day after an absence of one day.
which gave his f rlenda much concern.
The Mayor has boon much worried. by
the investigation of certain collateral
he had given for loans and tho report
by tho Stato Banking Department that
tho signatures on tho present collateral
had been forged. \u25a0
After a meeting to-day of prominent
business men, who announoed that tho
Mayor's friends would put up $1,000,000
if necessary, to. relievo his financial
strain ' his partner announoed that
Belcher had returned.
Forester* Reduce the Age Mlntmnm.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., Aug. 2.— At
this afternoon's session of tho Foresters
it was decided to reduce the minimum
age to 10 years, and the maximum was
made 55 years. A policy will be issued
as low as $250, while before $500 was
the smallest.
Special Dispatch to Tb* Call.
La Follette Believes the Oil
Baron's Pious Invocations
Are Wasted.
SAYS PRAYER .WONT.
SAVE ROCKEFELLER
Among the matters which the Presi
dent and Attorney General Moody con
sidered was the prosecution of the
meat packers under the Indictment in
Cnicago. Tho • prosecution will bo
pressed vigorously by the Government.
OYSTER BAT, L. 1.. Aug. 2.—Attor
ney General Moody,' who oame here
yesterday to visit President Roosevelt,
loft to-day for Washington to give per
sonal attention to the Inquiries being
made Into the scandals in the Military
Department. Mr. Moody also discussed
with tho President a variety of othor
topics. Tho declination of W. W. Cot
ton to accept the appointment of Unit
ed States District Judge for tha dis
trict of Oregon was takon up, but no
agreement was reaohod as to a further
appointment. Judge Cotton did not
qualify after his appointment, simply
indicating to the President that, on ac
count of his private business arrange
ments, ho found himself unablo to ac
cept the tender of office.
Mr. Moody said . that h» and tho
President considered at yesterday's
general discussion of the laws tho
bearings of the United States to spe
cial cases, and tho amendments of
criminal laws of the United States.
They agreed, he said, that Congress
ought to make certain amendments to
the existing statutes, as tho laws under
whioh tho courts are now operating
render it often difficult to reach a man
who might be guilty of wrong-doing.
As an illustration of this Mr. Moody
said it was far more difficult to take a
man from orio United States court's
jurisdiction into another United States
court's jurisdiction than it Is for the
State of Maine to get a criminal want
ed from the State of California.
The Soo canal has developed the vast
mineral wealth of the Lako Superior re
gion, and has furnished a cheap and con
venient outlet for the transportation of
grain, flour and other products to the
East and to Europe. It has helped to
build up great industrial centers at De
troit, Cleveland and Buffalo, has aided In
making Plttsburg the greatest iron and
steel center in the world, and has con
tributed materially toward giving the
United States primacy In the production
of Iron, steel and copper.
The tralilc by way of the Soo canals,
American and Canadian, during 1904, was
32,000,000 net tons, 27,000,000 of which was
through the American canal. The traffic
of the Suez canal in 1904 was 12,000,000 net
tons. This represented a large part of
the commerce of Europe with Asia and
some of that between the United States
and Asia.
The Sault Ste. Marie snip canal was
completed by the State of Michigan in
1855. Thia ship channel, the connecting
link between Lake Superior and the lower
lakes, was transferred to the United
States Government in 1870. Since the Gov
ernment took charge of the waterway,
vast Improvements have been undertaken,
the canal having been widened and deep
ened several times. It is now considered
the busiest of the world's artificial wat
erways.
Hon. Rodolph Lemieux, . lSolicitor-Gen
eral of Canada, and a party of Canadian
officials also assisted in the ceremonies.
The first day was devoted to naval and
military parades, Indian sports and ex
hibitions and a reception by Governor
Warner to the other distinguished guests,
followed by a magnificent illumination of
fireworks.
To-morrow the commemoration exer
cises will be held and addresses will be
made- by President Peter White, of the
semi-centennial celebration committee.
Governor Warner and Vice President
Fairbanks. .
SAULT STE., MARIE, Mich., Aug. 2.—
With the city crowded with thousands of
visitors and with hundreds of yards of
bunting: Hying in the breeze from all the
buildings on both the American and
Canadian sides of the St. Marys River, a
salute at sunrise from tho Government
ships in the harbor opened the two days
celebration of tho semi-oenTennlal of the
opening of the St. Marys ship, canal,
which connects Lake Superior with tha
lower lakes. More traffic passes through
these flocks than through any similar
waterway in the .world. In 1904, 38,000
passengers .were transported through tho
canal and a total of 31.546,106 tons of
freight with a value of $340,000,000. - •
Tho two days of tho celebration were
declared legal holidays on both the Amer
ican and Canadian sides of the river and
business has been suspended wherever
possible. Owners of lake vessels arranged
the trips of many at the largest freighters
on the lakes so that they would pass
through the canal during the celebration.
Vice . President Charles W. Fairbanks,
Governor Fred M. Warner of Michigan
and hi 3 staff; United States Senator J. C.
Burrows of Michigan; Congressman T.
Burton of Ohio; Hon. William Living
stone, president of the Lake Carriers' As
sociation; Charles L. Harvey of Toronto,
who constructed the original locks, and
Miss Betty Poe, daughter of General O.
M. Poe, who constructed the Poe lock,
are among the distinguished visitors pres
ent at the celebration.
3lr. Roosevelt Desires a Re
adjustment of Criminal
Code of United States
Canadians and Americans
Join Hands in Making Oc
casion Memorable Success
WOULD SIMPLIFY LAWS
WILL LAST TWO DAYS
Semi-Cent enn ial . of Opening
of SaultSte. Marie Ship
Canal Attracts Visitors
President and Attorney Gen
eral at Oyster Bay Dis
cuss Military Scandals
MANY ATTEND
CELEBRATION
HAS LONG CHAT
WITH MOODY
\u25a0 The . management of tho two* roads
has also decided to take off two. of the
regular afternoon San Rafael trains
and to discontinue: the, theater train on
the California Northwestern road.
\u25a0The t>lan of consolidation of tho va
rious departments of tho California
Northwestern Railway and of the
North Shore road, announced several
days ago, went into effect yesterday
and resulted in a number of officials of
the North ghore road losing their posi
tions. Among those who suffer by
the retrenchment are Assistant Super
intendent E. H. Schumacher, Superin
tendent of Steamers G. S. Ames, Master
Mechanic F. Stevens and Roadmaster
C. P. Gilmore. J. K. Brasslll, master
mechanio of the California Northweat
ernllne, will hereafter assume tho re
sponsibilities of the same position on
the North Shore road In addition. to his
other work. It. was stated by General
Manager Agler that no changes will be
made as to tho superintendents of tho
two roads, W. J. Hunter continuing as
superintendent of the California North
western line, with his office at Tiburon,
and E. L. Braswell In a similar posi
tion on the North Shore road at Sausa
lito. \u25a0.
Consolidation of Offices With Those of
California Northwestern Can*e* a
Number of Vacancies.
MANY OFFICIALS ON^NORTH
SHORE ROAD LOSE PLACES
NO "ROUOHHOUSE" PERMlTTED.—Post
master Flak received . permission '.. from > Wash
ington . yesterday to allow the Manufacturers'
and Producers' " Association ; of this city >to
have a house • warming In honor of the open
ing of : the . n«w postofflce ' building-/ on condi
tion that they : do not damage \u25a0 the building or
Its furniture. • " ' ' .
Articles of Incorporation of the So
cieta Italiana di Mutua Beneflcenza, S.
Bottaro president and* C. Zopelli? sec
retary, ' were filed yesterday. It. is
stated In the papers, that the society
purposes constructing a hospital for
the use of its members. ,
Will Build n Hospital.
ter August 8 tickets will be Issued to
such applicants . In rotation' as the ap
plications are received: Applications
for tickets and berths should be made
at the' office of the" Merchants', Associa
tion,' 40S Merchants', Exchange building.
Pullman accommodations may. be re
served any time after 9 a. m. Friday,
AugUSt .4.^0- '.jsj... -..
Another attachment was served yes
terday on books belonging to George
D. Collins, the fugitive lawyer, at the
instance of A. A. Smith, on a claim of
$180. The books were claimed by Mrs.
McCurdy, the mother of Collins' wife
No. 2, under a bill of sale signed by
Collins. >. \u25a0;-.'•: ' '
Another Attachment for Collins.
'•"Widow of Chicago .Politician Com
'"** • • nonce* Salt for Her Share In
. . ' 3500,000 Estate.
•• CHICAGO. \u25a0 Aug. 2.^-A contest over
• ..the -estate of the late John L. Norton,
broker and politician, has been opened
: by Mrs. Florenc* Moffatt Norton with
a. charge that Norton's half-sister. Isa
belle Cant«?rbJirfc-. and C. B. Scumaker,
. ! a cousin," were engaged in a conspiracy.
1..10 conceal the death or Colonel Norton
.aiid. Co defraud Mrs. Norton cf her wld
• ow's rights in the $500,000 estate.
. :' Mrs-. Norton recently arrived in Chi
\ '. cagtt from California. -She brought her
two daughters. Cecile and Marie, with
• her. The. widow proposes to establish
." her matrimonial connection with tho
< decedent by witnesses 'of tho marriage.
T,he marriage In denied by the relatives
charged with conspiracy.
• •. t *> «
• ."Often In one day a want ad. will
• cfeange Jtho whole trend and envlr.on
• ' Ihent of a man's life — by finding him a
c - new home, or new employment, or a
•„ business. partner, or business capital.
V. * NEW tXOIIK.t XOllK. Aug. 2.— Among the arrivals
\u25a0 *btre to-<!ay on the euamshlp Oceanic from
• * Liverpool" was J. P. Morgan, with bis daugh
ter; Colonel Tlenry Wrttf-rson and thn trnnis
' Alarers. TV.. A. Larced and Beala C. Wrlrht.
SAYS HUSIIAND'S RELATIVES
* •*. . CONSPIRED TO ROB HER
Hotel. accommodations for the entire
party, unless _partles wish to stop else
where, will be preserved at the Ameri
can Inn, which- is 1 inside the grounds.
Notices ' of the excursion will . be sent
out to-day to \u25a0 all the members of the
commercial organizations, whofwill be
given the preference for tickets until 5
p. m. August 8.
Residents of San Francisco and their
families and friends who'are not mem
bers of the commercial' bodies may
make application -for ; berths- at- onge,
and if there are any vacant berths af-
A special round trip rate of $20, ex
clusive \u25a0\u25a0 of berths ; and meals, with
tickets good for fifteen days, will be
made, provided not less 'than "125 go on
the excursion. • If a less number attend
the rate -will be $25. Tho' regular ex
cursion rate is $26, with tickets good
for only, ten days, so that members of
this excursion will not only save $5
but will. have five, days longer for see
ing the exposition or to visit Puget
Sound and adjacent points of interest.
An executive committee consisting of
the presidents of the commercial bod
ies" will have charge of the programme.
The excursion will be In charge of a
committee on arrangements consisting
of the secretaries.
At a meeting yesterday of represen
tatives of tho Merchants' Association,
Board of Trade, Chamber of Commerce
and the Merchants' Exchange it was
decided unanimously that a special
family excursion to Portland shall be
run for San, Francisco day at the Lewis
and Clark Exposition, the train to
start from this city Monday evening,
August 14, and to arrive In Portland
Wednesday morning, August 16. Spe
cial exercises will be held in the Cali
fornia building on California day. A
special train, 'with Pullman drawing
room sleepers, dining car and com
posite smoking-car, will carry the
party.
Representative* of Commercial Organ-
Izatlon* Decide to Ran Excursion to
Levfl* and Clark Exposition.
Augustina Bacigalupi arrived in the
city on Tuesday from Reno, Nevada,
and registered at the Costa Hotel, 308
Pacific street. It was his first visit to
the city and it has turned out a costly
one.. He left the hotel on Tuesday
night and sampled the liquor on the
Barbary Coast. In a saloon he met two
men, one tall and the other short. They
had several drinks and soon before
midnight Bacigalupi expressed a desire
to go to his hotel.
On tho way the taller of tho two men
said he feared a hold-up, whereupon
the other took Bacigalupi' aside and
said he would prove his friend. Baci
galupi handed him a purse containing
$800 and told him .to meet him about a
block away and return the purse after
getting rid of the other man. Baciga
lupi left the two men, saying he was
going to buy some cigars. Ho waited
in vain for tho one to whom ho gave
the purse.
Bacigalupi notified the police yester
day morning and Detective Sllvey was
detailed on the case, Bacigalupi has
no idea of where he gave away . the
purse nor could he give an accurate
description of the two men. f-V.s.~
Augrustlna Baclgalu'pl Give* Parse Con
taining 8800 to Pretended Friend,
Who Retain* It.
WILL ADO IN CELEBRATING
SAN FRANCISCO DAY WELL
STRANGER FROM RENO MADE
VICTI3I-0F TWO THIEVES
. NEW YORK, Aug. 2. — A six-year-old
«rlrl was run down and probably fatally
hurt 4tst nlcht In Brooklyn by a largo
automobile. A roob attacked the chauf
" t eur. Nils Brolin. who was saved from
serious injury b> a policeman.
; The cbjld -was at play In the street
"with her niother and did not see the
automobile approaching. Brolla tried
to .stop the machine when he saw the
child was bewildered and hesitated In
>rh!ch direction to fly. He threw on
all of tols brakes, and the motor stopped
after one tvh<*cl had passed over tho
body of the child. Brolin Jumped from
the ma&hlrie aud hastenea to a phone,
•where he called for an ambulance. Upon
bis return to the automobile he found a
. crowd surrounding two friends, whom
•he had in th« machine. Women -with
clubs struck at him and men threw
\u25a0'atones until the policeman arrived."
• The> mother took the Insensible body
118 her arms,, and, refusing- to let the
ambulance doctors touch her, carried
\u25a0 the" child half a mile to a hospital.
Euns Automobile Over Little
«:• Oirl, Inflicting Probably
.:"_• • Fatal Injuries.
BEOOKLYX CHAUFFEUR
IS ATTACKED BY MOB
Strong evidence was brought out in yesterday's session
of the commission appointed by Lieutenant Governor An
derson to investigate the conduct of cortain members of
the State Board of Dental Examiners which seemed to dis
' prove the irregrularities alleged to exist.
i Two witnesses, both graduates of the University of
California, who took the examination in anatomy, testified
that the list of questions alleged to have been given out
by Dr. A. B. Mayhew of Palo Alto to enable certain students
to pass the coming examination which he was about to
! give was general in its nature. They swore that these
questions covered the entire subject of anatomy and that
with a perfect understanding of them a student could
hay© passed any examination covering tho lino of work.
In proof of this came the questions written for the
examination in anatomy and with them the written memor
andum of the questions which Dr. Smith received before
the examination. It is tuis second list of questions which
was so nearly like the examination that a State investiga
tion -was brought to find out whether or not they could
have been given out to Dr. Mayhew. The original exami
nation is as follows:
DB. MATHEWS AXATOMT EXAMINATION.
I—Define1 — Define osteology?
2 (a) — Give the number of bones in the vertebrae?
(b) — How many In the cervical, dorsal, lumbar,
sacral, coccygeal?
• 3 (a) — Give the number of bones In the face?.
(b) — Name the bones in the face and the number of
each?
4 (a) — Give the names of the muscles of the superior
maxillary region?
(b) — Of the inferior maxillary region?
(c) — Of the inter-maxillary region?
(d) — Of the tempero maxillary region?
B—lnB — In the extraction of teeth, what muscles concern
us the most and cive us the reasons why?
6 — Of what artery is the lingual a branch?
7 — At what point does the internal carotid artery com
mence?
B—What8 — What nerve is the largest of the three branches of
the inferior maxillary nerve?
9 — Give the origin of the inferior maxillary nerve?
10 — Give the action of the genlo-glossus muscle?
ALLEGED IRREGULAR QUESTION'S.
: The notes taken by Dr. Richmond from the questions
read by Dr. Smith which brought about the investigation
are as follows:
I—Muscles1 — Muscles that raise tongue?
2 — Name muscles of tongue?
3 — Branches of Inf. Max. Dlv. sth (inferior maxillary
division)?
4 — Names muscles, trouble in Ext.? •
s—Give5 — Give origin of Seventh Flor. 4th interib?
6 — Give bones face?
7 — Give muscles of face?
B—Muscles8 — Muscles attached to Inf. Max.?
9 — Number of ribs?
There had been fifteen of these questions given out,
but Dr. Richmond said that the rest had been lost. He
swore that he noticed the similarity of this early list with
those in the examinations and for the reason that he feared
that he would later be called upon to testify he had kept
the copy.
Dr. "W. A. Lane testified that with little hesitation Smith
had told him on the day that he showed the questions that
they came from Dr. Howard. This was to show that Smith
had not made up the story after the trouble broke out.
GIVEN LIST BY DR. E. H. HOWARD.
Dr. Lew T. Smith stated that he had received this list
of questions direct from Dr. E. H. Howard, demonstrator
of anatomy of the College of Physicians and Surgeons, and
that Dr. Mayhew did not give them to him. His evidence
was vitally backed up by the words of Dr. G. A. Cane of
Petaluma, who showed to the commission a list of ques
tions which this same Dr. Howard had given him. When
they were read it was evident that they covered the ques
tions given by Dr. Mayhew in the examination even more
directly than did tho list over which tho Irregularity Is
suspected.
Another bit of interesting testimony developed under
the questioning of Dr. G. A. Cane. He said that Dr. Howard
conducted a private class In anatomy, for which those who
attended paid a fee. This course was intended to help pa?s
tho examination In anatomy, regarded aa one of the hardest
given, and that the questions here given covered most of
tho questions which were given by Dr. Mayhew In the
examination.
Dr. A. Syverson's testimony proved to bo the sensation
of tho day. He told the commission of the interview that
ho had with Dr. J. M. Dunn, member of the State Board,
and with Dr. R. H. Cool, constituting one faction in this
internal fight. In this conversation Syverson asked whether
\u25a0 ':-. T}i« Coo Us* and "Walters." Union have
. Jojrt. their £ght against tho "open shop"
Eysjtein agreed upon by the allied restau
;rant keepers. -An order Was issued ye»
teiHJky by Judg*. Mumsky perpetually re
• gtraiTilTig • the cooks and trailers and all
ciii&ts that'taajr bo in league \rith them
. prom placing- pickets la front of estab
lishaests agralnsl whlqh they have de
: dared boycotSß. . ..•.;_
\u25a0,-Th.c court holds that trhHe the CeJend
\u25a0 ants have the risht to Qtiit their employ
ment vrtienevcr they ccc fit, they have no
right to parade, the streets tn aa effort to
..tuj-ur* . th«. business o£ any man. This.
.•ays tie court, is an unlawful use ot tie
\u25a0 public . thoroughfares^ .ar..d the law will
. reach. -out to slop forever "what might
constitute a. most serious and potent pri
val© nuisaace." Jufl^e Murasky*s opinion,
trhich -was reached In the case of Kosta
a^aiust the Cooks" and \u25a0Waiters' Union et
al., follows: • • ' \u25a0 •
\u25a0 TtHrcjrii the entonyat of counsel was ex
haUfetlva, and- C«-cr\-ed an- elaborate review
\u25a0 of tfc« anihoTille!' cited, I ' ara not enables to
• llo.Tnor* at-- this tin;* than m* down the con- i
elusions Which ip:ioi«: \u25a0 frotn an «xaminaUon
oJ th^ n^ij' cases; and a consideration of the
prJndples teaching tt>« questions Involved in
thi« betrir.K. rjL^elj- the right of defendants J
to- "Ticket" tiie fStablislKnent of plaintlfta, i
and the extent to -which "picketing" If P«r
n.t££iD!e zxzas be carried.
RIGHT TO COMBEVE.
Klrrt — Th*: Ttrht of a cumber of employes
' tt> eosnWZM for t'h^ir c-wn betterment, and. In j
: furtherance of ..their purpbse, to " quit work
la. a bodyl ar.d the -right of others to take and ,
hold witr-out molestation- the places so vacated
-.1* established beyond question. The employe,
rjej. WT-.der oontrart for a .definite period, may
lefcye tis en:plo>Ta*>nt for any reason or with
out rf*soa, ard the r?r.ployer may .dischargo
*uch eicplcje ct fci.« pleasure. .
,' BeeaaOv-TbCMB who hav6 «ult work may seek
•to induce- those, who. have taken their plaoes
i-3 abanCon tiejr- emplo>Tnent, provided no
c intimidation, violence or any \u25a0
FiniT.ar Influence which might operate against
\u25a0ty-.e «xercSee- of -as untramraeled volition b«
•u?^(!.-' ;. '- • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.
Third — "While eirplcyes have a right to quit
uicrii einjEly or in a body, with cr without
."cause; 'a£d. lc The advancement of their in
\u25a0Jterepxr to ask -.ethers to do the same, equity
\u25a0will -protect' the employer against a malevolent
'ecT.z-i-Us.cy to destroy his property, and any
. coaibtnatjoa. which Uas fcr its i>urpose the de
ftructicn of his business by preventing Its
.operation through the intimidation of tho."^
-A»Su dcai with or work for him may be en-
J-:jrs*d.
• . -Fourth —^Vhile the individoal, or a combina
'J'-.i \vt individuals. ha« the right -to abstain
from palroniilng. or working for, any person,
' the <hr^at hf a boycott against others who
!r.ij- fteel witt euch person, in order to cora
"•," ! theni - ssair.st their will to also- refrain
' fijm; patrT'nizing or- working for such person.
, is' a : ?ce-c!es r( intimidation.
Fi-ih— ln -using the streets In the vicinity
fii an -employer's estabUsfcment, employes,
' whether members of a union or otherwise, have
'.hose fighte. which any user of the streets
V.as'and ere bcunl by the came restrictions.
To quote, from Mills ye. U. S. Frintine Co.,
I'l >'. T. S. ISS. in language which clearly ex
f .-^sps t>.e- law upon the subject: \u25a0
RIGHTS OF WAVF.IRERS.
"A wayfarer "ur^n the' public etreeta should
be fr*-e."for D«'ac*>ful travel. No man against
riy, -wl!3 has the Kcal right to occupy the
pijbUc 6tre*-t to arrest my course or to Join
.Vii^ an'rr.y way. be he ever so polite or gentle
in -li:s insistence. There may be no Intimida
tion, .and "yet an . interruption of peaceful
trove?. There may be annoyance without
. flanrer.*.' . •
, -SiJrth^Def^ndar.ts have the right to use their
eyes ar.d. ears and voices upon the public
ffff-fit, in a.- word to bo conduct themselves
tbfen as' .would .any other person. They may
.observe, as -may any one else, and in th»
Fatra manner. But the maintenance of any
obstruction '!n front cf or in the vicinity of
I'luintrtre establishment for the purpose of
warding- .him. an injury; the establishment cf
a systematic patrol in .the neighborhood of
bl*: premise*, the ctatlonlng of a picket with
a. badge or device, or bearing a banner In front
of or near.cr&intiflrs etore with a view, to in
jure i:is business, or which has such result, is
not euch a use cf the etreets generally as is
remitted, by law to any one, for it may bo
'•\u25a0 4.. : is denominated by the la* &a a private
\u25a0nuisance. -.' *;.-•
• Wcelher.'as a fact, It -is a nuisance depends
upon the circumstances of each ess«. The
r>re«enoe of many znea outside the walls of a
large factory might not be any disturbance
cf any one's peace, or any annoyance, or any
nu'.eanee, while, the constant presence of one
nan advertising his parpo6e outside the door
Cf a rettir store or a restsurant might e-n
etltute a most serious and potent Dnvsite nul
aar.ee, a* the term is understood la law.
.Let an' or&«r be drawn In accordance with
the views above ezcressed. •
Says Such Action Might Be
come Most Serious and
. Potent Private Nuisance
HOLDS IT IS UNLAWFUL
Examination Questions (riven by Dr. Mayliew Compared
With Notes of Those Received Before Test
DR. CANE SHOWS SIMILAR LIST SENT . BY DR. HOWARD
Judge fiurasliy Porpetually
Enjoins the A\;aiters and
€ooks From. .: Picketing
VICTORY GAINED
FOR OPEN SHOP
INVESTIGATING COMMISSION
HEARS STRONG EVIDENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1905.
I—Define1 — Define osteology.
2— (a) Give the number ol bones In the vertebrae,
(b) Hotv iiiuii j in the cer>lcal, dorsal, lumbar,
sacral, eoeeysceal.
S--(a) Give the nnmber of bone* In the face.
<b) .\mne tlie bone* in the face and the nnmber
of each.
4 (a) Give the name* of the mn*clea of the superior
maxillary region.
(b) Or the Inferior maxillary regrlon.
(c) Of the intermaxillary region,
(il) Of the tempero maxiHfiry region.
s— ln the extinction of teeth, what lunacies concern
n* most, and srive the reason why.
6 Of vrhat ar£cry Is the llnena! a branch?
7 At Trhnt point «loe« the Internal carotid artery
commence!
S — What nervo I» the largest of the three branches
of the Inferior innxlllnry nerve?
9 — Give the origin of the Inferior xnnrfllary nerve.
10— Give the action of the eenlo-slosan* mn*cle.
Here Are the Questions in
the Anatomy Examinations
•JEFFERSON ClTyl'mo., Aug. t—
The taking 1 of testimony' was begrun to
day in the trial "of Senator "Frank H.
Farris on the charge of bribery; Sena
tor E. T. Dowell of Lavill.e testified con
cerning: the action of the. Senate ,ln
1901 and the appointment of commit
tees by Lieutenant' Governor John A. '
Lee as president of the Senate." Dowell
was a member of the criminal Ju'rispru- 5
dence committee. '.."-..
• Former Lieutenant Governor John A.
Lea 'was then called to .the stand. Lee
testified that Senator Farris camo to his
room In" the rear"<>f the. Senate chamber
during; the legislative, session -of 1001
and' said that the- House and . \u25a0 Senate .
bills fox tho repeal of "the" law- prohib
iting the use of alum In the",manufac
ture of baking: powder could be> smoth
ered in committee. Later. Farris cams
to him. he testified, and said the bills '.
would never be reported from tho com- !
mittee. for the sum .of: $7000, making
11000 for each m.ember. of the commit- •
tea on; c'rlnvlual Jurlspr'udenaei except '
Senator Dowell. who was not In tha
deal. ' '< »-• • ' , y •. '
Lee testified that Farris asked hits to
refer the matter toD. J.- Kelly, of Xaw
York and that h© wrote;, a .letter to,
Kelly informing: him pf.Faxrls* sugrffes
tion. • Kelly telegraphed him to- . com
municate with him (Kelly) over the
Ion? distance, telephone, and he did mo.
Attorneys for, the defense Objected to
this conversation being repeated. Judge
Davis sent the Jury from' the.' room and •
the attorneys on both.* sides argued the '
point. . .-.. ; •;. \u25a0 •-: :\u25a0£ -\u25a0:<£
SMOTHEKIXG THE BILL *
Former Lieutettant. Governor . •".
of Missouri . Relates : a *•
Tale of Tainted: 3loney.V
BRIBERY DEAL
IS VENTILATED
HKraja (ft fj H.w H EE9B fi I I I I c
LmSmß I I H \u25bc M "*TH I 1 * I I CSEeSh
\u25a0fepflj X h 8 1 lii 1 BEX I 9 s i I piiii
; THE; WHOLESOME
BAKING POWDER.
B.KATSGHINSKI
N Philadelphia, Shoe. Co. . £
I IB THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO
JM AdJolntnK Call BvUdlnv.
fa " Style 3035&»
| EXTRA VALVES ON I
1 SALE THIS WEEK
l| We slve the- pubUc the "' h««t
&J Shoe valnr* on this ooa.it alt year
B round, bnt thin belris conaldered n
|| quiet month we have reduced our
E price* «tlll lower. We -.vent to
I keep our bu*lu**ar.booinlnK. none
X ttIII irive 'our customers, extra in-
g ducements In erood, sruaranteed
E Shoe* at immense price -reduc-
E tion*. !Yow 1* your time to save
p money. * .- v,
X A SPECIAL LEADER -TIIIS
51 WEEK — SOLD- ELSEWHERE
B FOR £2.50. — Ladies' Fine Vicl Kid
r» Blucher Vamp Uace Shoes, .made
is with new dull kid laoe stays,- cir^
c| cular foxing, coin." toes arid \u25a0 pa,t-
i ent leather tips, flexible sewed
1 soles and dressy Cuban heels.
3 Sizes XV 2 to 7%- Widths A to E.
m AUGUST SALE PRICE. '. . .&1.70
|3| We have the heart . stock of
3 Children:* Guaranteed School
i Shoe* In this city. 'We- can' save
1 you money on every pair. %
I MEN'S VICIKIDROMEOS
W MADE FOUJimre COMFORT—
1 Men's Black or Tan Vicl Kid Ro-
ll me 09. ' made with full, broad,
I rounding toea. sewed soles, olas-
li tio sides and low. comfortable
H heels; easy to put on' and mads
[I for solid home.' comfort. Sold eLse-
3 whero for $1.50. REDUCED SALE
i PRICE .....050
pj Sizes sto 12. • ' f \u25a0;\u25a0;\u25a0 .j
i LADIES' ffI6H.PI ok
I GPADETIES,S3& OjrOO
I $3.50 values^ now ." " * I
g] Call and got a bargain In La-
M dies* Fine Vicl KM ahd Patent
fi Leather Ties, .on special sale> -tals
B week. Sizes 2% to 8. -Widths AA
M to E. Prlcer 51. 35
I B. KATSCHINSKI
\u25a0 10 THIRD ST., * * San Francisco.
DISEASES OF HEN"
Omrmodarn and«p»t*«dat*m*tliod*
tor the certain &nd speedy core of stricture
Rupture. Pile*. Blood Poljon, X*rv.
oui Debility and Contracted Disorders
bare Woo for as thousand* of testimo-
nial* from patients who' have been cored.
Vnrleoeele. we treat by our Improved
medical vibratory method, where others tue
the knife. W* lua* \u25a0 bond v a eaarun>
t»« to cure' all cases we undertake. Our im-
proved French Con»i (or .the treatment o t
the injured Prostate neverfail. Any man
suffering from Weakness and wno is Unde-
veloped can obtain irom as (free by mail)
our-lu day's special, treatmenband illustrated
chart describing the cause and effect ot L««t
Vitality and Weakness. Recent cases
cared in one day by the French Dilating
and Irrigating Method.*
Corr««pondanc9 private.' Consultation FREE.
the OR. TALCOTT co.
1140 MARKET ST.
Opp. Hal*** Wan Frands««. Cal.APPOINTED SPECIAL POLICEMAN.-.
Oakland, "Auff. 2. — James L. Noble -has been
appointed - a special DOliceman by * the Police
and s Fire ; Commissioners. *
FTUT6CH ELECTED SECRETARY.— Oak
land, Aup. 2. — Emil Kritsrh. fencing instructor
of the. Reliance Athletic Club, has been elected
secretary of the club.
WATERVILLE. Wash.. Aug. 2.—The
Courthouse and contents were ; com
pletely destroyed by fire last night. The
fire was dlscovered,about B ' o'clock. an<l
was presumably caused by crossed elec
tric wiros. > The! building and "contents
were vaiuei at $15,000.
Courthouse Burned.
MARRIAGE LlCENSKS.— Oakland, Aug. 2.
The following man-late licenses were issued
by the County .; Clerk to-d«y: Nathan Lundy,
25, and Ida Slavln. 19. both of Oakland; John
V. Guilfoll, 24, and Iva E. : Kempf, IS. both «t
Vallejo; William W. Cuthbcrt. 45, and Eva A.
Waldron, 35. both of Sacramento; Benjamin
F \u25a0 Sanford; 22. and Grace J. Murphy, 23. both
of Berkeley; William Sllveria. 21, and Mabel
Hnlnhold. 20, both of Oakland;. William Guild.
25, and Eva P. Speck.- 20. both of Oakland.
BERKELEY, Aug. 2.— The police and
Coroner were caHed out last night by E.
F. Barry, a real estate man, -who re
ported that a corpse had been found by
him in a vacant house, for which he ii
agent, on Addlson street, near Grove-
Barry was strolling through the house
when he was startled by the spectacle
of a body lying In a corner," with a
handkerchief over the face.. Without
stopping to investigate, Barry informed
the police and Coroner. Dcputs'
Streightif hurried to the place, removed
the handkerchief from the supposed
corpse and found. that a dummy made
of straw had, been* used* to frighten
Barry.
, . \u25a0.» .
-RIGHTENISD BY. DUMMY MA*.
nT%wr«l rrxr 4..» • Til.— it
'OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — Charging her
husband with extreme cruelty. Marie
Reading, wife of George H. Reading,
driver for the Imperial bakery, has
brought an action for divorce against
him. She says that he not only curses
and swears at her, but that he keeps
company with .a young single woman
and takes her to the house when he
knows the plaintiff Is away from home.
Charles Pett has instituted 'divorce
proceedings against Amelia Pett, whom
he charges with desertion.' • An inter
locutory' decree of divorce was granted
Marie L. Ryder forom William D. . Ry
fler. for cruelty, by. Judge Waste. - She
was also awarded the custody of their
son.
SAYS HUSBAND IS CRUEL.
MILL VALLEY. Aug. 1. — The Out
Door Art Club gave a very enjoyable
reception and promenade concert to the
club "members and their husbands this
evening in their pretty clubhouse in
honor of founder's day, the third anni
versary of the organization of the club.
There was \u25a0 a large attendance. The
club \u25a0\u25a0 Is 'foremost, in taking up all mat
ters that will upbuild this village.
ART CLUB HOLDS RECEPTION.
BERKELEY. ' Aug. 2.— Alumni of
Oberlin;College held a banquet last
evening at the parlors of the First
Christian Church. W. A. Gates, secre
tary of the State Board of Charities and
Corrections, -was toastmaster. Presi
dent H.C. King of: Obcrlin was the
principal speaker. Dr. King commented
on the fact that there were 135 alumni
of the college in California.; He said
the institution was growing' and he
asked for the continued support of for
mer students. Professor C. B. Bradley
.of the University of California,. Dr. C G.
Baldwin of Palo Alto, E. S. Lafferty of
the class of M 9 and the Rev. E.R. Ful
ler of Bakersfleld were among ' the
alumni speakers. :7: 7 v ;>- .
An. organization of Oberlin students
was'f ormed, the following-officers being
elected: .President/ Dr. C. : G. ; Baldwin;
vice president, Miss H. E. Martin; secre
tary: and treasurer,; the>Rev., Henry B.
Mowbray'of Oakland,; who desires ad
dresses, of all Oberlln graduates In this
State. The secretary's address is the
Albany Hotel.
ODER LIN ALUMNI BANQUET.
SEATTLE. Wash.. AugJ 2.— H. H.
Taylor of San Francisco, president of
the Bellingham Bay and British Colum
bia Railroad, came to this city. for the
purpose of considering an offer made
by the- Canadian 'Pacific for the road.
He held a long conference to-day with
J. J. Donovan, general superintendent,
and C.-.W. Howard, attorney . for the
road. This proposed deal nas . been
hanging fire for some time. It is gen
erally understood that the last offer
made by the Canadian Pacific will be
accepted. It is said the Canadian Pa
cific desire 3 this road, aa it would jrive
a direct outlet to Puget Sound and the
Mount Baker mining district via Sumas.
Acceptnble Offer Said to Have Been
31ntle to the Owner* oi. the
Road.
CANADIAN PACIFIC MAY GET
THE BELLINGHAM BAY LINE
WILL OCCUPY NEW BUILDINGS.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 2.—
The \u25a0 new , buildings completed . some
time ago for the use of the engineering
colleges will be occupied by these de
partments at the opening of the com
ing term. • These buildings, which are
located at the southwest corner of the
outer quadrangle, are intended for the
use of the- departments of : civil, me
chanical *ahd electrical engineering.
The furniture, which is now being in
stalled, is for the recitation and lec
ture rooms. , :~- . \u25a0. . - .
OAKLAND, Aug. 2.— Mrs. M. Hart
wick of Melrose complained to County
Clerk Cook this morning that her
daughter, Amelia Hartwick, disappeared
last night with » a man and wished to
know if they had secured a marriage
license. No license had been issued,
and she then expressed her intention of
asking the aid of the Chief of Police in
searching for her daughter.- She says
the girl is 19 years of age. The mother
said she did not know the man's Iden
tity. ;*,'\u25a0%\u25a0
MOTHER' SEARCHES FOR GIRL.
OAKLAND Au«r. 2, — About August 20
the congregation of £t. Paul's Episcopal
Church of tills city will lose the services
of the Rev. Robert Reriispa Jr., the as
sistant rector, «f the church, who is
making preparations to return to his
work as a missionary among the Indi
ans of Fort Albany, in the. Hudson Bay
country. The, young- clergyman has al
ready Epent *tx y-farr; among. the abo
rigines of the «rfeat Northwest and dur
ing his life there won -the love of those
among wh'orn h« labored. After a year
of absenc* he has received letters from
many of the he*ad men of the various
tribes of the north asking .him to re
turn, and believing that hft can accom
plish much .go»d there he .has decided to
return" tp Jt.be scene of his- early work:
The members of St. Paul's Church, of
which he has been the 'assistant rector
for" the last year", are planning, to give a
fitting, lestrmonlal to -Mr. Renlson be
fore he leaves for the north.
ASSISTANT Hli **»H TO l.K tVt-
BERKELEY, Aug. 2. — Thomas Gil
bert, an employe of the State Univer
sity, has startled the men of science at
the summer school by deelaring'his be
lief that toadstools are not poisonous,
an* that he Is ready to eat any variety
Of mushroom or toadstool that is
brought to him to demonstrate that he
is right.
Gilbert is caretaker of the botany
building on the campus. He has been
interested in the study of plant life in a
dilettante way for many years, and it
has long been his conviction that the
prejudice which many persons entertain
against the so-called toadstool is merely
a superstitious fear. All toadstools or
mushrooms look alike to Gilbert and he
is prepared to show his faith by his
works.
TOADSTOOLS S&t POISONOUS.
The Dimond Canyon tract formerly
belonged to the late Hugh Dimond and
at his death was inherited by his wife
and sons, Hugli Jr. and Denis Dimond,
by whom it was sold to the preseni
owners.
OAKLAND, Aug. 2.— An important
deal in suburban real estate was the
sale to-day of the famous Dimond Can
yon property, which is located at the
head Of Fruitvjiie avenue; to the Pacific
Mutual Life Insurance Company. The
tract sold consists of 223 acres and the
price paid by the purchasers was $44,
232. .
810 .SUBURBAN- DEAL.
In both of these cases it is apparent
that the postal cards had become caught
in the mail boxes, and were only dis
lodged when the boxes were examined.
The postal card from San Francisco bore
the stamp of July 2S, 1905, at that office
and was received here the same day. It
had^ evidently remained In a San Fran
cisco mail box for ten years. ;MiSi
SAN JOSE. Aug. 2.— Uncle Sam's .mail
has been making some fecords which for
slowness would put the snail to shame
in Ihis county. On January 16, ISS7, a
postal card was mailed in this city to
the M. M. Alvarez Cyclery at- Los Gatos.
Although the distance is only ten miles,
the card did not reach Los Gatoa until
a couple of days ago. It was' then sent
to Alvarez, wh ohad removed from J_*os
Gatos. The card traveled the ten miles
in IS years. A postl card mailed In San
Francisco in November, 1595, by {he San
Francisco News Company reached E. P.
Davis last Saturday. In this .instance the
distance of fifty miles was covered in* ten
years. . "
SEATTLE. Aug. 2.— A man glvlca- hI.V
name as J. J. Caleloy and who clatmi
to be the son of a prominent business
man of San Francisco, staggered Jntn
PQllce headquarters to-night and as ice. 1
to.fcfe taken care of. as -he is dying, of
consumption. He was taken to. ,th»»
Emergency Hospital, where the doctors
pronounced his case as h'opelegs. Ha ar
rjved two weeks ago from Fairbanks.
Alaska. J.: :
H* Give* the Xam* ot J. J. Gnleloj
at a Hospital In .
Special Dispatch to The CalL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 2. —
Word has been received regarding Wil
liam A. Manning, instructor of applied
mathematics, and Henry W. Ballantine
of Harvard, lately appointed instructor
in the law department of -this univers
ity. Instructor Manning-, who has been
upon a European^ tour during his leave
of absence, will return at the beginning
of college to resume his duties. Pro
fessor Ballantine has severed his con
nections with the university, deeming it
more advantageous to accept an offer
of membership in a firm of corporation
lawyers in San Francisco.
Professor Manning while upon his
tour spent practically all of his time
in France. His work there was the
advanced study in mathematics.
STAFFORD LOSES IXSTRUCTOK.
GIVEN STREET SWEEPING CONTRACT. ;
Oakland, Aug. -'. — Joseph Martin has been
awarded a contract to sweep the streets by
machinery at ?6 SO a mile..
inONWQRKER MlSSlNG.— Oakland, Aug.
2. — John Ludloxv, an Ironworker, residing at
314 Duncan street, San Francisco, has been
reported to the police here as missing.
PIONKEH KESIDEVT PARSES AWAY.—
Oakland. Aug:. '£.— Enmor Taylor, the father of
James Taylor, undertaker of this city, died
suddenly last night at the residence of his
son. 12U Clay street, aged 82 years.
FIXE THREATENS RESIDENCE. — Ala
meda Aug. 2. — Klre that was started in a bar
rel of rope In an unknown manner threatened
the destruction o£ the home of Mrs. Annie ,
Larsen, .1715 Pacific avenue, thia afternoon.
INSANE SON MAKES CONTEST.— Oakland,
Aug. ". — William 8. Wagner, an Inmate of the
State Hcsijltal at Agnow, ' hae" gent an inco
herent statement to County Clerk Cook, which
purports to contest the will of his father, Wil
liam Wagner, a pioneer who left a large es
tate. ... ....'.
TO HONOR "BOBBY" BURNS. — Oakland,
i Aug. 2. — The St. Andrew's Society will meet
: Thursday evening In the Blake block. Twelfth
and Washington streets, to listen to John )J.
j McGlllivray of San Francisco on the proposed
i monument to "Bobby" Burns in Golden Gate
Park.
ENGINEER GKORGE CLARK'S FUNERAL.
Alameda, Aug. 2. — The tuneral of the late
George Clark, jj the locomotive engineer wjio
succumbed to injuries received in a railroad
wreck near Glen Ellfn Monday, will be held
from tho Ma«onlc Temple to-morrow afternoon
at 1 o'clock.
SEES MILLIONS IN TlN.— Oakland. Aug. 2.
! R. B. Mycr*, an attorney in the Bacon block,
i hue received word from W. H. Fake that a
i large tin deposit which has been bonded for
! $5 000.000 has .been uncovered in the York re
gion in Alasku. Myers claims to awn one
: third of the deposit.
LIBRARIAN'S ANNUAL- REPORT.—Berke
; ley. Aug. 2.— Tho annual report of the libra
rian In charge of the Carnegie Library, just
: filed, »how» that the library now contains
1'J.600 books. The library has gained man/
new Datrong and received a large number of
new volumes during the past year.
1 JUVENILE RUNAWAYS FOUND.—Oak
land,'Aug. 2.— James Adagio and Frank Ver
monte, each about J) years old,* residing at 3 .
Verona place, San Francisco, -were picked up ;
by the pol'ee this morning, -penniless and half
starved. The youngsters ran away from home i
to 6ee the world. Their parents were notified. ;
CAR CONDUCTOR ASSAULTED.— OakIand,
Aug. 2. — Tho police were notified to-day <by
Oakland Traction Consolidated . officials that
E. \Goqdwln, . a , conductor on : the Slxteenth
etreet line, was attacked last night at Six
teenth and Krrkham streetH and baaly | beaten
by, a gang of hoodlums who drew him from
his car toy hurling rocks at it. Some or the
missiles : struck passengers.
FOUR TEACHERS .ELECTED— AIameda
Aug. 2. — Three teachers' 1 resignations were ac
cepted by the Board of • Education last nigiit
and four new pedagogues were elected.' ' Those
who retired from the department were Miss
Louie . Taft, Miss Edith Carpenter and Miss
Kllxabeth Lorentzen. The Instructors appoint
ed were Mits Elsa F. Kuhls. Miss Florence'
Duboi". Mrs. Mary E. Lai kin and - Frank -L.
Buseell.
Postal Card Breaks Record
for Slowness in Santa
Clara County.
D*Yl>*G MAIV ASSERTS fIE 19 *. ; :
SOX OF S.V* FRAA'CISCAX
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
THAVELS TEX MILES
IN EIGHTEEN YEAES
.Katensive alterations will be made in
the old place. Mr. Heeseman already
has an entirely new stock of clothing,
valued at $75,000. in San Francisco or
on the way. and this stock will be in
stalled at once by Mr. Hanna.
' OAKLAND. August 2.— Charles J. H.
Heeseman. one of Oakland's foremost
Merchants and the proprietor of one of
the largest stores upon this side of the
bay. has invaded trade circles In San
Francisco and has obtained possession
of the old Red Front clothing store at
557 Market street, opposite Powell.
This is one of the" best locations in San
Francisco and Mr. Heeseman took pos
session yesterday, placnig J. C. Hanna, his
head buyer, in charge as manager. Mr.
Heese:nan's business Is an incorporated
company, in which the new San Fran
cisco manager is a stockholder. Mr.
Heeseman's Oakland business has been
so successful that he has decided to see
what can be done in the metropolis,
and he has begun by taking an old es
tablished location, with a determina
tion of increasing the business already
there. ':\u25a0 '.' \u25a0;
NKHgRMABT EXPANDS.
Caleb C. Willnril Is Dead.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., Aug. 2.— Caleb
C. Willard, owner of the Ebbitt House.
Washington. D. C, died at a hotel here
to-night, aged 71. • ;.\*
After she regained consciousness the
prostrated woman with difficulty aroused
neighbors who came to her assistance.
Mrs. Blake- Alverson" is well" along in
years and was unnerved by the shock,
having been alone in the house.
Investigation disclosed that the unwel
come prowler had attempted to enter the
residence of J. Care, 114 Eleventh street.
Failing there he went next door to the
singer's home, anrt succeeded [in opening
a rear window and getting into the house.
Eleventh street. Awakened by an un
usual noise In the house, Mrs. Alverson
got out of bed and lighted a match in
tending to discover the cause of the noc
turnal tusturbance. In the dim light she
saw the form of a man in the doorway.
With a scream the surprised woman sunk
to the floor in a dead faint. The in
truder, frightened by the outcry, ran and
escaped by way of an open window at
the back of the house. \u25a0 '
OAKLAND, Aug. 2.— Mrs. Mary Blake-
Alversbni the well-known vocalist, en
countered a burglar in her bedroom early
this morningr at ' her residence, US
The Bank of Halfmoon Bay has been
formally opened for business. The offi
cers of the bank who will reside here
are J. Hall Lewis, vice president and
manager, and J. R. Pereira, cashier.
Fifty thousand dollars is the capitaliza
tion.
HALFMOON BAY, Aug. 2. — To show
that they are alive to the many advan
tages which their town is receiving and
has in prospect, the people here have
determined to organize a Board 01
Trade. * With a big railroad coming, a
bank already, in operation, two news
papers in the field and a near-by sum
mer seaside resort in immediate pros
pect, a* Board of Trade suggests itself
as a necessity. Charles P. Wi throw was
made temporary chairman and a consti
tution and by-laws adopted. Twenty
five persons have signed the charter
roll. It is expected that there will be
about thirty-five charter members by
Wednesday night, when officers will be
elected.
Twenty-Five SJru the Roll and More
Will Be Added to the
List.
I>!rector Davidson' ot the Merchants'
Exchange has reported to thut organiza
tion that the committee appointed by th«
Exchange to confer wih Mayor Fr*nk K.
Mott, regarding the passage of &n ordi
nance j>!acing the- matter. <,2' fillinr ex
cavations in the- streets ontir«l j- under
the control ot ihe ; Stree; DePiU*tmeat, had
Interviewed the Mayor and had found him
heartily in favor of th.* preposrd change.
He informed the members of" the com
mittee that the officials of both the gas
and r water companies bad found it almost
impossible to repair the streets in a man
ner satisfactory to the citizens, s.n<t had
agreed that th.c proposed' of rJlnance would
be of ereat benefit .to the" city. It has
been fouad' that the greatest trouble in the
repairing of streets torn -up by contract
ors and ethers -Tor the .laylnjr of
water and Bew*r pipes is not 50 much the
rrcslecl to properly -repair the surface of
the 'street, as to put -in a proper founda
tion. . •• .' : ; "\ i-:i -:v i
OAKLAND, 'AMg. .'i—Withln the next
ten days the work of zvpavinc San. Pablo
avenue, whir}: for nj*ny months ha* been
one of .the \u0084^i>r»t \u25a0treeta in. the city, will
be Comtnejai-f-d, • aad the contractors to
whom th* fverlc has !m \u25a0-; awarded are
confident that they •.ill oe able to com
,p!et« it- -within sl*ty 4aya trotb th« time
il is begrun. '.* .'/
The sactJon.of tJi* «iv*rm«» ta be
repaired is that betwr*n Fourteenth and
Twentieth streets. The company w«icJj
has : the work in charge has the signa
tures of all the .property o»ftws alonff
the Section to be repaired, which Is about
2500 feet" to length." Tfcis portion of the
Btr*et c ' is to bfc bHununt#«d. <Sr*r.ite
curbs And guttars of basalt blocks will
belaJd'onTJOth sf*es of the stir^t. • •
As soon a* the' work oft this section
of the avfcnue fs "cora>)!et«Ml . the repairing;
o€ the northern -part will be be#-un,' and
as rapidly as possible the entire stretch
frojn Twentieth, street to the Santa F«
depot will be put h» .fifst-clas* condition.
Mrs; Blake-Alverson. Pioneer
Singer. Encounters ' a
Prowler in Her Bedroom
HAIiFMOON ISAV TO HAVE
REGULAR BOARD OF TRADE
ALAMEDA, Au^."2. — Albert Pleter de
Wit, a native of Alkmaar, Holland, and
a descendant of Governor John de "Wit
of Leiden, died at the advanced age of
90 years at the home of his only daugn>
ter, Mrs. Christina Stiefvater, of 906
Central avenue, this afternoon. He
came"no California in 1564, and for
many years was connected with the San
Francisco Savings Union in San Fran
cisco. He leaves four sons, Pieter^de
Wit of Hamburg, Cornelius and John de
Wit of San Francisco and Gerhard de
Wit of San Jose. He leaves twenty-one
grandchildren and three jjreat-grand
chlldren.
DEATH OF A BAXKJER.
The. pallbearers wera James TV. Rea.
Charles Pieper, Thomas Bodley, Oeoiare
8.. McKee, L. A. Spitzer and SVillum
i Gussefeld. Six .honorary pallbearers
were. furnished by the Ffre Department.
At "the services at Masonic Temple
the Masorflc Quartet turnlshed music.
Rev. R. D. Hutsinpiller delivered the
sermon- At the .grave the services wero
conducted by the Masons. i ;\u25a0 \; ;\u25a0-..\u25a0
Funeral of Gcorke E. Hlnes Held .Under '
Auspices of the Masons in '„ • ".*
-•.;.; San Joae. .\: -. • *
SAX JOSE, Aug. '2.— Th» funeral -of.
George E. Hlnes. late Chief of the Fire
Department of this city, was held juiia
afternoon:frorn the Masonic Temple un
der the auspices of Friendship Lodjje
No. 210. F. and: A. M.. of which "Hiries
w.as a member. ' It was ,one of tha larg
est and most impressive fur>eral3-,<:wr
held here. Delegations of po^ico* ami
firemen headed the cortege. A Ore en
gine draped In • black, and ths chief's *
horse .and bjiggyv wjth, decorations o"
black, were in line. Friendship Lodge ,
also marched In the cortegre. Every
city and county .official was' present**, 1
There were a large number of beautiful
/loral pieces. • . ?' :
Contractor* Will Kush the
Work. Beginning Within
Teiii Days,
FOILS BURGLAR
BY HER CRIES
L.4TE FIRE .CHIEF BUKIED
. WITH IMPRESSIVE SERVICES '
OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — A delightful muslcale
wae given this evening at the home of Mrs.
R. F. Gulehard, 1066 Twelfth street, for the
benefit of the Altar Society booth at the com
ing fair of St. Mary's Church. The entertain
ment was given under the auspices of- the Altar
Society and the programme was In charge of
Mrs. Millie Scott Blven and Mrs. Agnes Cuah
ine who were assisted by Miss Emma Gulcti
ard. Miss Lily Gulehard, Miss Marie Degnan,
Miss Johnson, the Misxee Sullivan, Miss Ita
Blven, Mles Nt-H Callaghan and Mrs. Eugene
Corrigan.
The feature of the entertainment was the
Finding of A, E. MacMlHan, a member of the
Alcazar Quartet of San Francisco, who ren
dered the love ?ongof the wandering mlnstr*!
in "Mlzpah." The others wno took part in
th« programme of the evening were: Mis*
Gussie Matt, Miss Veronica Gregory. Miss
Clara Nolan Miss Agnes Marie Noonan, Mrs.
Jones, Miss Cavalli, Joe Rosborough, Raymond
Nolan, G. F. Clark. Everett Dowdle, J. Mc-
Vey and Walter Wilson.
The Young People's Society of the Swedish
Lutheran Church gave a musical and literary
entertainment thlg evening at Hamilton Hall
for the benefit of the church, of which the Rev.
August J. Rodull Is pastor. An excellent mu
sical and literary programme had been pre
pared by those in charge of the affair, the fea
tures of which were violin solos by Theodore
Lindberg, who is considered the greatest Swed
ish violinist in the United States, and piano
selections by Ow»r Lofgren, who is well known
In musical circles on the Pacific Coast. At
the opening of the second part of the pro
gramme an address was made by the Rev.
Ernst Pihlbiad, president of Bethany College.
SAX PABLO AVENUE
IS TO BE REPAVED
Ladies of St. Mary's and
Young Lutherans Give
Musicales.
NOTED GEOLOGIST OF SAN FRAN,
CISCO AND GIRL WHO WILL.
BECOME HIS BRIDE.
EXTEUTAIXMEXTS BY
CHURCH SOCIETIES
Officers of the league were elected as
follows: President, Dr. S. H. Frazier;
vice president, George H. Wright; secre
tary, Mrs. A. V. Holloway. treasurer,
J. G. Wright; auditors, S. A. Hulin and
John A. Wilson.
; BERKELEY. Aug. 2.— The work of pre
paring for the opening of a school for the
children of parents who oppose vaccina
tion has been given into the hands of a
board of directors who were elected last
nijht at a mass-meeting of the Anti-Com
pulsory Vaccination League of Berkeley.
The private school board is to include
the following persons: J. T. Wright, Dr.
S H Frazier, Samuel Taylor. Mrs. A.
H. MacDcnald, Mrs. Alice V. Holloway.
Mrs. L.. Holler and Mrs. E. V. Campbell.
The new school will be established in
the Golden Sheaf Hall, which will be fit
ted up for the purpose at once. The
opening will take place in about three
weeks. Mrs. Mary T. Wilson, formerly
a teacher in the Lincoln School, will be
principal. Other teachers will be em
ployed. Mrs. Wilson is now securing the
names of those who will be pupils in the
school. There are already fifty of these
enrolled, each having paid $1 to become
a member of the league. More than $100
a month has been subscribed for the
maintenance of ,the school.
The school was permanently organized
last night by the election of officers and
the adoption of a constitution and by
laws. The organization is to be known as
the Anti-Compulsory Vaccination League,
Berkeley branch. Regular meetings will
be htlld. on the first Tuesday of each
month. Thirty new members signed the
roll last night.
Mrs. Caroline Proctor Gllmore died sud
denly yesterday morning at her la.te resi
dence. 526 Eddy street. .She had been in
good health up to the time of her death.
She had s:>ent the previous day visiting
friends. She was sitting 'at the breakfast
table at the time and fell to the floor.
She wa3 found there by her son.
Dr. J. G. Crawford was summoned, but
too lat2. He stated that Mrs. Gilmore's
death was caused by heart disease.
Mrs. Gilmore was a pioneer woman of
the State, having come "here in 1853. She
was the widow of the late Stephen De
catur Gilmore and mother of Fred M.
Gilmore of The Call staff.
The funeral will take place Friday
morning at 11 o'clock from the chapel of
Clark & Booth, 612 Van Ness avenue. The
interment will be private.
Officers Ejected and Private
School Will Soon Be
Opened;
COLMA', Aug-. 2. — The authorities of
Son Mateo County have decided that
drastic measures are necessary to abatfl
the general nuisance created by tho
hog: ranches which are maintained. here,
to the discredit and discomfort of the
people of the entire northern end of
the county. -\ personal inspection by
the District Attorney and the Health
Officer of San Matco hr.s .convinced thesu
officials that ihe obnoxious ranches
must be suppressed.
The Board of Supervisors, it is sug
gested, may permit Colma to create a
sanitary district within which it will
have exclusive jurisdiction over affairs
of health ami sanitation. If this dis
trict be created by a decision of tho
residents of Colma- the objectionable
ranches .will hrtve to" move to a leas
thickly populated part, of the country.
If such a sanitary district is not cre
ated the Supervisors will take the mat
ter into teMr own hands and define th«j
districts »vithin which hogs may not
be raised.
.Movement Set on Foot to Altnte the
Binlsanee In Northern San
.Msueo County.
Thirteen : year-Qld" Jaino« T. Wiseman
•was r/ ported to. the -Morcue jvsterday a*
missing. He resided with his parents at
642 * Lag-una - street. On Monday he
went, with several of lii.« playmates, on
a sightseeing tour »l<ntg. thy vrharvea.
When they started to isr-<). hom<i he told
them that he would walk a little far
ther and left tben». Ttmt was the last
seen of him.
John X.. Duncan, clerk in the audit-
Ing, department- »f the Pacific Mail
Steamship Cbjhpk'ay, rt fcidlngr at £001
Jackson street", lias fceon K!t?sln£ sine©
7 o'clock oil the morning: of Autrnst 1.
A 4. that hour he lie did not care
for any brea.Ma»t and started to go to
his wefrk, b^it tie', did not reach the of
fice. The Coroner »-a* notified 'yester
day, afternoon of lfc« disappearance.
Lad of Tliirlfi-u Votirt »»»! • "*trj»«»!«fa»^
Company CW-irk <".-*n«»fl Or
\u25a0Desire n . Postofflce, \u25a0 .School District,
Water -Supply and a Sewer
.-_:£'• System. ;.*.;.-
MILXi" VALLEY, Aug. 2.— The resi- <
dents and property owners, of Home- 1
stead Valley, which 'adjoins the south
easterly boundary of -the corporate lim
its of Mill Valley, have issued a call
for a meeting to be held at the re*i- *' 1
dence'of.A. L. "Worley . on La Varne .
-avenue at 3 o'clock n4xt Sunday after
i noon for the purpose of taking up" mat
ters of vital importance to their inter*- *
eats and for • the organization of an
improvement club. C-** '•" ""* *
Homestead Valley' has -a population
of 250 and Is rapidly 'growing Tne •
residents feel that they need a. post
office, a school district, water, supply ,
.-and a sewer system and- the only way
that they can be secured 13- by united
action. The formation of a sanitary
district will be their main object at'
present. * , « •* " .
PIONEER WOMAN
RECEIVES THE.
LAST SUMMONS
ANTI-VACCINATIOX
PARENTS ORGANIZE
HOR RAACHKS AROUSE IRK
OP CITIZEN'S OF COLMA
HOMESTEAD VALLEY PfiOF"LB ".
. DECLARE FOR IMPROVEMENT*
auk at:i>uui(;i» at nonets
' SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 2.-Miss Aristine I
Pixley and Miss Alice Marsh were thrown i
out of a buggy and severely injured in a
runaway accident this afternoon. They
are now su the Emergency Hospital in
this city. They were driving through
Ross Valley and as they were passing an
automobttfc' the horse became fractious
and got beyond Miss Pixley's control.
The horse ran into a tree near the barn
of William Boole and the young ladles
were thrown out of the buggy. The
vehicle was wrecked.
Supervisor Cheda and Mrs. Schmiddell,
who were in the immediate vicinity, went i
to the assistance of the young ladles and.!
they were given all the aid possible. '
Supervisor Cheda telephoned for an ambii- i
lance and the young women were brought
here to the hospital, where Dr. Howitt
treated them." He said that Miss Pixley
was suffering from a severe fracture of
the left thigh, contusions and bruises,
and Miss Marsh from a severe gash over
the left eye and a broken right thigh
bone. Miss Marsh was in great agony.
-Miss Pixley, who is a niece of the late
well-known journalist, Frank Pixley, Is
residing with her mother and brother at;
Corte Madera. Miss Marsh Is a daugh
ter of George £t. Marsh, 029 Capp street,
San Francisco, and a niece of Mrs. W. B.
Bradbury of Corte Madera. She has been
spending a couple of weeks at Corte
Madera. She is a teacher in the public
schools in South Saj\ Francisco.
I BERKELEY". Aug. 2.— The culmination
I of a roman\e begun in college days is to
• come on August 10, when Miss Martha
! Bowen Rice will wed- Herbert W. Fur-
I long. He is a geologist of note, now man
j ager of the Pacific Commercial Museum
fn San Francisco.
J While a student at the University of
j California, from which he graduated with
I the class of '02. Furlong wrote a number
! of books, one of which; the "Story of the
i Sand," is now being used in many schools
las a textbook. He did" notable work un
| der Professor Merriam, tho famous pa-
I laeontojogical expert of the university.
| having made two trips to the John. Day
fossil beds in Oregon and headed an ex
pedition to Crater Lake, In Shasta Coun
ty, where he secured remarkable speci
mens of reptilia.
Furlong; comes of a famous old Califor
nia family, being a son of Captain
Mathew Furlong, a '49er who .was promi
nent in maritime circles. His mother re-
Sides at 1937 .Bancroft way.
Miss Rice while at the university be
came acquainted with Herbert Furlong,
and from association in college activities
came the intimacy that ripened into the
romance that will be consummated next
week. . She is a daughter of the late Rev.
H. H. Rice, a Presbyterian minister of
Oakland. She was a member of the uni
versity class of '04 and enjoyed unusual
prominence in college. She was president
"of the Associated Women Students in her
senior year and one of the three editors
that published the Blue and Gold annual
of her junior year. She held membership
in the Alpha Beta Sigma sorority and
the dramatic societies called Prytaneans, i
the English Club and the Mask and Dag
ger.
The wedding will take place at the res
idence of the bride's mother, Mrs. Carrie
Rice, 2403 Fulton street, Berkeley. Miss
Mabel Rice will be maid of honor. Miss
Isa Henderson will ba a bridesmaid with
Miss Reba Galvin. Herbert Evans, a
fraternity brother of the groom, will be
groomsman.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 2.—
The work of renovating Encina Hall,
the dormitory for young men, was com
pleted to-day. The renovating has been
extensive. A squad of between thirty
and forty workmen has been engaged
in the work for the* last six weeks.
Except for a few minor details, the
dormitory is again ready for active
service and will be opened shortly.
The most important of the improve
ments is the complete resviringr- and ad
justment of the electric lights through
out- the structure. The painters have
also worked extensive changes.
In all the rooms the walls and cell
ings have been kalsomined and paint
ed. All woodwork has-been retouched
and oiled. The furniture- came in for
its share of attention, every piece be
ing revarnlshed and repaired where
necessary: The floors of many rooms
and corridors showed signs of wear.
These piaces were replaced by new ma
terial. • The plumbing has been ex
amined and put in order.
The regulations governing the rent-
Ing of rooms "in Encina Hall have been
slightly modified. Students hereafter
wishing to engage a room do so with
the understanding that, they will.- re
main in the dormitory at least one
semester. This regulation was found
advisable because of the constant com
ing and going of students ."In past
years. . \u25a0
SAN MATEO. Aug. 2.— Ambitious pro^'
moters are operating here for the crea
tlon of a new summer resort, which it Is
expected will meet the Immediate ap
proval of : public ' fancy: .The necessary
capital is In sight and only the details
need discussion. The plan as outlined is
to build an .electric railroad . from either
This city or from Burlingame station to ,
the San Mateo beach. Such a road would
give easy and rapid transit to the people
of f San Francisco as well as to those erf
the various towns of San Mateo County. -
An assurance i 3 given that transfer
connections and probably other conces
sion's may bo received from tho United
Railroads.: the company which will be di
rectly benefited by the new enterprise. '.
"When, this proposed road is constructed
it will solve the problem which haa. lonjj
prevented the building of a. resort on the
San Mafeo beach. This beach la admir
ably fitted for such a. purpose, aa the fa
cilities for bathing are splendid and the
climate is ' unsurpassed on the- peninsula. !
H. "W". \Hasen " and Charles.- F. Roedel -
have the matter In hand, and they have
every confidence that success will crown-,
their efforts. . Two routes for the pro
posed road are under consideration. .One
will start from Burlingame and tho other
will go out Poplar avenue • In ' this city. \u25a0
Either Is considered a suitable one for. *
theroad.. ' r" : .»*• * •\u25a0'* P\*i
OAKLAND, • Aug. \u25a0 2.— Under "• circum
stances that cjpud the case with mystery,
K. P. Buggies:" a yardmaster oT the Santa
Ft Railroad, h-as disappeared. . G. A..
CooH. a Santa Fe engineer, • tor'day- re
ported the- abscr.ee/. of Ruggles; his
brother-in-law, at the Morgue, learirig
•that fee had met death. " \u25a0\u25a0" • . .
Cook said he had . accompanied Rug
bies to the Key Usute ferry' station in
.Si*n Francisco Mosday night, where the
missing man took the last boat, intending
to go to Point Richmond by way of the
electric road from Oakland.' The pair
boarded the boat, but during • the trip
across the bay -^ook cr.is.sed hi» relative
and has not. eeen him since then. .
KuggSfp- did not arrive at Point Rieh
mor.d, -and has sent no word concerning
his mysterious absence. . •' •
lti;g§;h»s came to California, from the
KtLST a "short time ago to take the 'posi
tion he held with the Santa Fe Company.
Cook said hie brother-in-law was of ex
cellent habits. " and ' had a tine record es
<x railroad man. He fears the missing
man rci?rht ha\'e fa« en overboard, either
frcin the boat of from the. pier .on this
tiCe- of the baj\
Bossies if W years old. He i« married,
h's • family being' in : the East, walling
until he had .arranged for them to join
•him at Point Richmond. • : •
OAKLAND. Aug. 2.— A fight over a $60,
000 attorney's fee was begun before Judge
Henry A. Melvin to-day in which Senator
H. V. Morehouse • and F. J. Hambly of
San Jose'are attempting to get from Ab
ner P. Marston 20 x>er cent of his inheri
tance of J300.000 he received from the
estate of .his uncle, the late Abner Co
burn of. Maine, a former Gjvernor of that
State, who died leaving an estate of over
$1,000,000. .
According to their complaint Attorneys
Morehouse and Hambly entered into a
contract with S. W. Boring, the guardian
of Marston, to. looV after the interests
of his ward on a2O per cent basis. When
Marston attained his majority in 1899 he
repudiated the contract, however, alleg
ing that the contract was excessive, tak
ing into account the • amount, of work
done, and besides which he claims that
he only received $150,000 ir»stcad of $300,000
which the lawyers claim he did.
After getting their contract. Morehouse
and Hambly took in with them Attorneys
M. C. Has.-ett and George E. Whitaker
and assigned a part of their interest in
the contract to them. Morehouse also
borrowed from William Crane Spencer of
gan Pranclsco about $3000 on the strength
of the contract and assigned his interest
In the. contract to him.
It is alleged that Marston has trans
fered to. .George H. Collins of this city
Hoi.pno In order to defraud those inter- i
ested in the big fee from getting their j
money and the present action has been
brought against Collins by Spencer and
others. !
Special Dispatch, to Th» Ckll
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Brother-in^Law Fears Fatal
Accident Has Befallen
Man Recently From East
Romance of Student
Days Leads to
The Altar.
Young Ladies Seriously Hurt
and Are Taken to the San
Rafael Emergency Hospital
Change Made in the Rules
\u25a0for Eenting of Apartments
to the Young Collegians
Says Amount Is Exorbitant
Considering the Extent
of Work That Was Done
RELATIVE IS ALARMED
United Railroads of This
City May Arrange to. Star e
in Benefits to ie Derived
AUTO FRIGHTENS HOESE
COMPLETELYEENOVATED
CAPITALISTS AT WOEK
Herbert W. Furlong,
Geologist, Is the
Favored One.
•'"«;•••. :• \u25a0 : 7-7" — . \u2666
Santa ;Fe Yhrdmaster Drops
.Out of Sight While on a
v.Stfcamer Crossing: the Bay
HE REPUDIATES CLAIM
Lawyers Ask $60 ; 000 as Pay
ment From Abner Marston
for Securing His Legacy
Miss Aristine Pixley and
Miss Alice Marsh Thrown
From Buggy in Ross Valley
Big Dormitory at Stanford
Overhauled anclMade Ready
for Students for Term
New Electric Line to Be Eim
to the Beach, Which Will
Be Made a Popular Eesort
WAGE CONTEST
OVER BIG FEE
DISAPPERANCE
A DEEPMYSTERY
WOMEN INJURED
IN A RUNAWAY
MISS RICE TO WED
COLLEGE MATE.
ENCINA HALL
PUT IN SHAPE
RESORT PLANNED
FOR SAN MATEO
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
THE fiAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, AUGUST^ 3; 1905;
6
'O '. ' ' ' *'
Whoever wants.' soft
hands, smooth hands, white " .
hands or a clear complex-
ion, he and she can have
both: that is, if- the skin is
naturally transparent; un- .
less occupation prevents.
The color you want to
avoid comes probably nei- *
ther of nature or work, but
! of habit.
Use Pears' Soap, Ho
matter how much; but a
little is -enough if you use
- it often.
Established over 100 years. ,
carter's! cure sick headache -
I|littl£ Gsrtuine Must Bear
H LV£? Fac-Simile Signature •A "first aid to the Injured" outfit Is
habitually carried on the Automobile of
the King of England.
A large crowd of voters gathered In
Maennerbund Hall at Potrero avenue
and Twenty-fourth street last night un
der the auspices of the Schmitz
Hustlers Club and the New. Era Im
provement Club of the Thirty-second
District. The chief speaker of the
evening: \ra* Mnyor Eugene B. Schmitz,
who was enthusiastically received by
most of the assemblage. He reviewed
his four years* term In office and asked
the people to rupport him through an
other campaign. He said that he
thought the coming political struggle
would be one of the hardest fights In
the history of San Francisco. Abe Ruef
followed the Mayor and spoke for near
ly an hour.
The other speakers of the evening
wer<2 George B. Benham. G. S. Brower
and P. H. McCarthy. J. E. Kelly was
the chairman of the meeting.
Adrtrrs* Large Gatberlnir of Voters In
Tbtrtr-Strcnnd District.
MAYOR \\D RUEF SPEAK.
Clotting: of Saloons Discussed.
At a meeting of the Police Commis
sioners held last evening at the Hall of
Justice the auestlon as to whether tho
Police DeDartment has the right to
enforce the closing of saloons on pri
mary election day -wa3 taken up and
discussed. Commissioner O'Grady de
clared that the primary election law,
passed in 1599, does not reauire this
action on the part of liquor dealers, and
that tho State election law of 1877 is
void In this particular. No action, how
ever, was taken, and tho matter was
passed until to-morrow evening, when
*lt will be definitely decided.
Other, speakers were T. C West, D.
P. Flint. John A. McGee and Joseph
Chamberlain. W. L Wllcox was chair
man. A string orchestra played and a
few songs were Interspersed with tho
fy eech making.
An enthusiastic gathering of voters at
tended the meeting held last night by the
Sun Francisco Republican League of
the Forty-second District at Scottish
Hall. The evening was devoted to dis
cussing the necessity of the voter to cast
hie ballot In the coming primaries.
The hall was packed to overflowing,
and each speaker was given a rousing
reception at the conclusion of his talk.
A. A. Van der Nalllen, the well-known
business man. talked on the present
conditions of the city and the necessity
of ousting: the grafters. He told of a
recent trip through several of the prin
cipal cities of Oreson and how the peo
ple there considered the citizens of San
Francisco the lools of a lot of political
sharpers. He c'ted incidents where cit
izens were denied their rights simply
because they dia not stand in with the
"push."
R. C. Van Vleet reviewed the prin
ciples of the Republican party. H*
asked If the Republican party had ever
been known to stand for a particular
cluss. He told what the party had done
during its years of reign.
F. D. Macbeth recited many Incidents
that have recently occurred In San
Frar.clsco and brought shame on this
city. He told the voters- to use their
judgment at the coming primaries, to
look at each of tho tickets and vot«
for men who Jtood for honesty and de
cency.
Scottish Hull.
Large Catherine: of Voters Assembles at
MEETIXG IN FOHTY-SECOXD.
Germany is able to feed about nine
tenths of her nearly 60,000,000 inhabitants
on the products of her own soil.
Judffe Lawlor examined 21 applicants
for naturalizsition papers last night ar.d
32 the night before, making a total of
63. Their nationalities were as follows:
13 Germans. 2 Swedes, 6 Englishmen,
2 Scotchmen. 10 Irishmen, 2 Rouman
ians, S Norwegians, 4 Italians, 1 Dane,
1 Canadian. 2 Frenchmen. 1 Swiss and
1 Russian. These are the last to bo
examined, as Judge Lawlor goes on his
vacation to-day.
Mnny Applicants Examined.
He solved. That because of such false repre
sentation and because of their deliberate vio
lation of their solemn oath of membership in*
this league, the said members be "and they
hereby are expelled from the executive com
mittee of this org-anlzation and from the
t'nited Labor League, and be it further
Resolved, That these resolutions be spread
upon the minutes of the executive committee,
and a copy of same be given to the press.
H. M. Alexander, chairman; J. H. Huba
chek, secretary — Executive Committee Union
Labor League.
Whereas, In defiance of their solemn obliga
tion' and in order to create factional dispute
and strife without following, and in order to
subserve purposes which cannot be honest, the
following named members of this* league, to wit:
Tim R. Sullivan, J. Vance Thompson, George
Bell. H. L. Worthington, M, F. Shaughnessy,
C. L. Schilling and W. Baker, fraudulently
and maliciously used the name of this league
for the purpose of falsely representing that
there is a division in ihe ranks of labor, and
for the purpose of misleading: the public &a
to the unity and unanimity of the wage-work
ers of San Francisco in the support of Eugene
E. Schmitz tor Mayor, therefore be it
Wheieas, The unanimous choice of this
United Labor League for Mayor of San Fran
cisco is the Honorable Eugene E. Schmitz,
and this lrague has unanimously indorsed his
candidacy and has also unanimously decided
that but cne union labor ticket for delegates
.=hail be presented at the primary election next
Tuesday, and
Whereas. Each member of said leagua upon
joining the Fame eubserlbFd to a solemn obli
gation to •'unqualifiedly support" the candi
date!" of the United Labor League, and
The faction of the United Labor
League which is in sympathy with
Ruef and Schmitz met at 1020 O'Far
rcll street last evening and the execu
tive committee adopted the following
by unanimous vote:
Whereas, The United Labor L>»ajruo was
formed for the purpose of uniting: the wage
workers of San Francisco in one common
body aeair.st the jvnilcies and plans of tUe
Citizens' Alliance, and
Ills Labor Faction rasucs Resolution*
Agralnst Good Government Men.
nt'EF'S WORKERS MEET.
"Hon. Percy V. Long, City and County
Attorney— Sir: I beg to advise you that
I have this day deposited in the city
treasury the sum of $5015 08, being the
balance in full of the shortage of $15,590 08
created by cashing the E. J. Smith* check.
"I have deemed it proper to advise you
of this in view of the Mayor's official no
tification to your department of the
shortage in question. Respectfully,
"JOHN E. McDOUGALD,
"City and County Treasurer."
With the aid of his sister, who mort
gaged her home for $4500, City Treasurer
John E. McDougald was enabled yester
day to pay the full amount of the short
age caused In his office through the cash
ing by Deputy Treasurer Devoto of a per
sonal check of Defaulter Edward J.
Smith, for $15,590 08.
McDougald had notified the Mayor that
he would settle the balance of the de
ficit by the first of this month, having
already "replaced the sum of 510,575 08 In
the city treasury through the assistance
of friends and labor organizations.
The National Surety Company, which
was on Devoto's bond for J7500, claimed
exemption from liability because a clause
in the bond relieved it from responsibility
if any of the city's money was lost
through the "error of judgment" of the
official insured. However, a letter was
sent from, the head office of the company
In New York advising its local repre
sentatives that when McDougald had
raised $14,000 of the shortage he would re
ceive a check for $1000 to help make the
amount good.
The following letters were sent to
Mayor Schmitz and City Attorney Long
apprising them of the fact that the en
tire shortage had been made good:
"Hon. E. E. Schmitz, Mayor— Sir: I beg
to advise you that I have this day de
posited in the city treasury the sum of
$5015 08, being the balance in full of the
shortage of $15,590 OS created by cashing
the E. J. Smith check. Respectfully,
"JOHN E. McDOIJGALD,
"City and County Treasurer."
morrow evening to make final arrange
ments for the election.
"Even though Ruef does succeed In
again securing control of the labor con
vention," said a member of the anti-
Rut f Union Labor league last evening,
"it will still leave within our hands the
power to show him that we now realize
that iie has degraded us to his own uses
for tne last four years. We wiil give him
a terrible fight in the convention, but if
he succeeds in renominating' Schmitz it
means that our fight has just begun."
Police Commissioners O'Grady and Po
heim recently made the rounds of the
Thirtieth district In an automobile to en
courage the Ruefters.
Night before last the San Francisco Re
publican League delegation of the Thir
tieth met at 107 Eighth street and in
dorsed the candidacy of John McDougald
for Mayor. Four delegates on the oppo
sition ticket pledged their support to the
regulars. The delegates will meet to-
Some facts regarding the brief history
of this, the anti-Ruef force of the Union
Labor party, is timely as well as inter
' esting. When the announcement was
•made that a Union Labor ticket would be
put in every precinct In the city in op
? position to the so-called union labor men
that Abe Ruef had selected, without ad
' vke from the organizations that were
supposed to control the j?reat aggregation
of labor in San Francisco, hundreds of
* applications for places on the anti-Ruef
ticket flowed in. Out of these the neccs
"Bary number was selected.
Last evening the proofs of the tickets,
fresh from the press, arrived at the anti-
Ruef headquarter?. An inspection of them
•v.'hs jiiade with the discovery that not one
man named ' thereon had — .iccted from
his principles. A further Inspection" of
* the roster showed that the force that hiis
.iv vi?w the r< lifting of union labor to the
place from which it 'has been dragged by
R*uef and Schmitz is growing steadily. It
has assured proportions that now makes
It certain that Ruef and his so-called la
.. bor following^ will not dare step from
their first line of intrenchments to aid
* Ruefs pseudo Republican allies in their
futile fight to reach the convention of the
•city's dominant party.
It is now 'certain (hat Ruef, if he
xvisbes to even renominate Schmitz, must
throw all of his forces against the anti
"Ruef Union Labor party. If he does not
It is quite probable that he will loso even
the control of the gathering he has mis
.^lrectcd fof his own uses for the- last
tour years. This would mean the and.
The destiny of this opposition to the
Ruef wing cf the Union Labor party is
in the hands of strong men who are di
recting Its affairs from headquarters at 3
Efifijr street. Timothy Sullivan, a mem
ber of the Labor Council, is at the desk
and last night he announced that his
forces were ready for the advance.
•' EAGER TO FlfiHT BOSS.
The union labor forces of San Francisco
are split asunder. The Teutonia Hall in
cident, .engineered by. the Schmitz forces
to strengthen his crumbling power, j has
had an effect .its promoters never dared to
coctemplate. It supplied the real labor
element p£ the United Labor Leagu© with
th« necessary moral courage to break the
Bhackies that long bound it, not to the
principles cf union labor, but ' to Abe
Ruef. The result is that on next Monday
« full Ucket of 172 union labor delegates
will be announced through the public
press to stand at the polls Tuesday in
firm, unswerving opposition to the pres
ent administration.
\u25a0 And these 172 delegates will be union
labor men beyond Question. Every man
of them has his paid up union card; forty
cf them are members of the San Fran
cieco Labor Council and. ten of them
\u25a0 members of the Building Trades Council.
Backed as . they are, not by hundreds
only, but by thousands of the men that
.helped place Ruef In power— thereby lnno
•centJy condemning: the cause for which
all were struggling— theße delegates stand
In unbroken line for the right.
J.MiOI! UEFKCTIOV STROXO.
A guessiog contest .is not required to
enable one to name the politician that
suggested the interview with the cigar
dealer. Ruef himself would hardly do
euch clumsy politics.
..The easterner observed: "The ticket is
hea<s«<i .=• anti-Ruef. ar.d I am surprised
that one in your line of business should
oppose Mr. Iluef. It is not. good policy
on rour part to fight Ruef. I would like
to have you- mfeet him. . I will call here
Ejrahi to-meffrow at 10 o'clock and if you
should determine to resign from the
ticket I will pay you one hundred dollars
en the writing of your resignation."
Mr. McKay said in reply that he was
a Pur publican and would not come off the
Ucket Zor $10,000. The customer refused
lb give. his name and place of residence.
but insisted as he walked away that he
resided in the district.
Photographs of convicts who are oppos
ing the San -Francisco Republican League
ticket in the Twenty-eighth Assembly
IM=trict are easily obtainable. San Quon
lin convict* Nos.. 15,276; 14.8C8, 17.781 and
Folsom convict No. '5456. are working in
behalf of the Peter Kelley ticket- in the
Twenty-eiehth. Colonel John O, Kirk
patrick may thank his lucky stars that
he had his -name taken, off this ticket as
as hp paw it there. '
The fojlow'tig Incident Is related as an
illustration .cf raw politics In the Twenty
eighth. Charles. McKay, cigar dealer at
Eagt arra Mission streets, is on the regu
!ar Rep-übiiean ticket proposed under the
auspices, ot the San Francisco Republican
league. Yesterday \u25a0 forenoon a well
dressed little man visited the cigar store
and placing a' quarter of a dollar on the
Counter asked for two ''Optimo?. 1 ' Light-
Ing one th»« customer inquired. "What is
ihe- political situation in this district?"
Mr. McKay, responded, "It is somewhat
tr.ised." The customer then «sked, "Are
you on 'the de-legate • ticket opposed to
ilr. Ru«f?" McKay -replied, "I am a
candidate on the' regular Republican
ticket." '
EXrCOXVICT» AND BXJEF.
The grafter* will endeavor to throw
the voting strength of all the inmates of
lha Almshouse to the .Maestrctti ticket at
next TCftSd»y*-e primary election. The
Call will have photographers at the
Almshouse precinct to take evidence of
SlaestretH's methods. Photographers of
this paper will also be on duty with the
voting booths the patients of the hospital,
precinct of the Thirty-second District
where the Ruefters expect to take to the
voting booth the patients of the HospitaJ.
Photographs will also be taken at voting
booths in the stuffed precincts of the
Forty-third, and Forty-fourth Assembly
districts. . -; •'/-'""
In- -the Thirty-ninth- Assembly District
the Ruef -t}eltet is headed by Maestreui.
I.t le an Irregular, guerrilla ticket, and is
rot Indorsed or recognized by the Re
publican County Commiuee. Good citi
zens of 'the Thirty-ninth District should
cast thPir . support -in favor of the
Wbeelan-Cassjdy movement. The ticket
heeded by Fairfax H. Wheelan is the only
regular Republican ticket in the Thirty
ninth. . • ' "
The grafters are making desperate ef
forts to carry the Twenty-eighth, Thirty
second, Thirty-third. Thirty-ninth, Forly
.fourtn and Forty-firth Assembly districts.
Ruef's plan o? campaign is clearly re
•vealed. He Is working night and day to
bring about the nomination of a weakling
for Mayor on the Republican ticket in
grder to Schmitz an easy battle at
the November election. •
The purpose of the boss Is obvious to
the leaders of the San Francisco Re
publican Leajrue. It is known that the
iiuef delegates have no thought of sup
porting the Republican nominee tor
il&yor. When . the convention adjourns
they vri!l go .over bag and baggage to
tbe-Schxnltc carra/
The delegation headed by K. H. War-
Held, in the Forty-third Assembly District
WXUB rut . up to dq .Ruef politics in the
Republic**! convention, and therefore
Every . good citizen of the district who
is interested, in the' prosperity, develop
ment anfi good name .of San Francisco
Fhotild give his- support, to the anll-Ruef
Hepublleaa ticket of the Forty-third.
The V.'arf.eld ticket is *he Ruef ticket.
Anti.Ruef Labor Tickets for
Every District.
Mayor and City Attorney No
tified" Tliat $15,590 08 Is
Back in the City's Vaults
SUEETY COMPANY HELPS
City Treasurer McDougald Is
• Aided by Sister, Who Mort
gages Her Home for $i5OO
Measures to Check Frauds
. Will Not Be Lacking.
PRIMARY CAMPAIGN
IS GETTING WARM
No. ' Amount. |No. Amount. No. Amount.
13. 10 4533 10 0755 10
54 10 4546..... 20 9781 20
73 .10 4562 10 8759. .\u25a0...'' 10
101 20 4734. ; 20 0015..... 40
104..... 20 4736 10 U954..... 20
129 10 4760..... 10 9967 10
152 10 4777..,.. 20 10032..... 20
218. 10 4790 20 ICOS7 10
235 20 4837 50 10,118 10'
259 10 4343 10 10U1 10
200 20 4870 10 10163 10
2SB 50 4595 10 10356 40
304 10 4061 10 10370 10
344 10 5025 10 1C535 20
590. .... 20 5137 20 10558. 20
452 40 6160 10 105C8 10
640 10 5181..... 10 10582 10
540 ,10 6327 '10 10626..... 10
553 40 6377 10 10077 20
654 200 5510 10 10705 10
655 20 5532:.... 20 10710 10
' 603 20 5562..... 20 10736 10
629 20 5623 " 10 10753..... 20
(134 "40 5C61.... . 1C 10769 10
C5O 10 5604.. 10 ICSOS 10
660 20 5780. 40 ICSU 40
677 10 5515 10 iOSSO 40
r,52..:.. : 10 5584." -10 ICI9IB 10 ;
702 ' 20 55170. . . . . 40 1C923 10 '\u25a0\u25a0
710 \u25a0 10 C0C0....: •' 50 1CJ50. .". .. 10
795 10 0123..... 10 11050..;.. 10
862 20 6131...... "* 20 11C54 20
808 10 C 148..... 20 11002 10
897 10 K2ll . 10 11009..... 10
1048 Jo| C235...J. - 10 mod 10
JO9B 2016333..:.. 10 Hl2l 10
1147 10 U5.59..... 10 11139 20
1191 20 0:<90 .1011253 10
1196 10 6421 40 i 1266 20
HOS 10 6400 20 113-J4 50
1216 10 6479..... 10 11339 40
1292 10 U544. ;! 20 11427 10
1317 10 65»:5 . 10 11490 - 10
ISSO 40 6600....... 100 H5C5.*.... 10
1498 20 CtiTO . 20 11050 20
J524 20 0CR5..... . 50 iIS.SC 20
J541 „ 10 «754 10 11018 10
1581 20 (K)B3 10 11039 40
1661 20 70-14 10 11608 10
1657 ldi 7180 lOjiGSO 10
1760 10 7213 50 llfi'JS 20
1762.. lO©Ul> 7352 30 11701. 20
ISI3 20 7370 20 H7C2. 10
1567 1C 7451 10 11704 10
1025..... 40 7455 20 11820 40
I<lBs 20 7478 10 11807 10
Ji>Js 10 7fil6 10 11SS4 40
2C02 10 7332 20 110-12 . 10
£029 10 7573 10 11S84 20
2091 10 "505 10 12057 10
2110 40 7010 20 12107..... 20
2123...;. 10 7712 10 12130 JO
2137. 20 "41 40 12152 50
2180..:;. 10 7747 2012203..... 40
2227 10 7782 10 122CS 10
J.ilO 10 7805 10 12259 10
2454 10 7079 10 12203..... 20
2471..... 10 7999 10 12306 20
2479 20 8097 10 12(11 10
2.M5.. ... 10 8099 10 12351 10
2517 20 SIS 2 10 1235T 10
2531..... 100 8233 20 12480 10
2760 20 S2SI 10 12522 10
2770..... 20 8427 40 12550..... 10
i 590..... 10 R437 20 12563 10
305J> 10 8477 10 12569 20
30(54 10 5513..... •40 12622 20
3248 lo S. r .27 20 12628 10
3251 10 8581 10 12«4.1 10
8257 40 8623 10 12603 10
3286 10 StffiT 10 12825 10
8371 10 8088 20 1253!5. . . . : 20
3409..... 50 5704 20 12932. ... 1000
5445 20 8717 10 12950 10
8500.'.... 10 8733 1112975 10
3512 20 8773 . 10 12982 40
3520...;. ' 40 8786 10 1301 ft 10
5544 10 6789 20 13090 10
3710.... 10 SSSS 13102 10
5733 10 5570..... 10 13144 10
3751. 10 £990 10 13148 10
3757..... 10 9000 2ft 13169 10
57.89 . . 10 90S.'! 10 13189 * 20
'3790 2f> SlO9O 20 13207 20
.\u25a0fSOii 20 9221 10 13307 '40
3523 10 9241 . 20 13527. . : V. 10
3907 10 9255 20 13369...:. ; 10
3U72 20 9258 10 13302. . . . . 10
.4006 20 9281..... 20 13476. 10
4031..... 10 ft3s'2 10 13510 10
4070..... 10 0379 10 13556; 20
4104. 20 0384 . 10 13571 60
4131 20 9413 10 13376 20
4156 10 9433 10 13014 20
4107 10 9470 10 13629...... 10
4190 20 (if,o4 10 13630 20
4203 10. 'tfi-H 20 13GM.-.V.V-I 20
4272 500 9."i6 20 137R4 ! 10
4306 20 JHS4O 10 13845 20
4330 20 964S 20 13$!>7 10
4340 20,9057 10 13912 10
4460 20 9704 10 13931 20
4487 50 9740 10 13966 10
4499 10 9717 20
APPnOXIMATIOXS. v
Number 1761 being one number of the ap
proximation of the first capital of $10,0CO— $f0O.
Number 176.1 being one number of the ap
proximation of the first capital of $10.000— $100.
Number 12931 being one number of the ap
proximation of the second capital of $1000^ — $50.
Number 12933 belnfj one number of*the ap
proximation of the second capital of $1000— $50.
No. 1762, first capital ($10,000); sold" In San
Francisco. Cal. : No. 12932, secon4 J capital
($1000): sold In San Francisco. Cal. No. 4272,
third capital ($500); sold in San Francisco.
Cal. No. 554, fourth capital ($200); sold In
San Francisco. Cal.
MAKES ENTIRE
SHORTAGE GOOD
JULY ' 27, 1905.
Numbers in the City of Mexico,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/; THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1905.
7
• • ALL KINDS AND SIZES
» MANUFACTURED
W.A.PLUMMER.I I IQaySti
Telephone 3lnln 549
WILLIAMS & BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE ".. \/
Leaves Williams dally on arrival of northbound •
train foe Bartlett. Allep's. Hough's and Coolt'»
Springs. Daily eicept Sunday for WU&ut
Springs and Sulphur Creek. •
WILUAM QUIGLET. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT A>*D UARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett
Springs, via Lakeport. carrying passengers for
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs.' Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. £ea've Hoplaad at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport. at 3:30; arriv» »t
Bartlett Springs at 7:UO. New . Ahorse- U-pat-
senger tourist wagons, with all the most mod- °
era Improvements. Passengers for Lakepor: or
Bartlett Springs, call for tickets by -Bartlett
Springs Stage Line. Ticket* can be purchased
at office of California N. W.- Ky.. €50 Market
St., or at Tiburon ferry. \u25a0
MILLER- A HOWARD. Prop».
DR. C. C. ©TJONNELL'S RANCH, at
pretty Glen Ellen; 70 furnished' and
partially furnished cottages, .cabins,
tents and outfits to rentv from $10 up.
Round-trip tickets by the California
Northwestern and Southern Pacific R.
R.'s. $1.80; Catholic and Congrega-
tional churches. Riverside Hotel, min-
eral springs on the ranch, tiabingr, cli-
mate unsurpassed. Apply to DR. C*. C
O'DONNELJU 1021% Market St. bet.
6th and 7th S.ts. Phono South\622.'
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS. Vallejo.
Cal- — Most accessible springs to San Francisco |
round trip. 75c; telephone connection; only 2Vk
hours' ride; S miles from Vallejo; hot. cold
and plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures at.
rheumatism, neuralgia, eczema.- kidney, liver
and stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and
lake for boatlns and bathing. Dancing pavil-
ion, bowling tilley and shufflebo^rd. Rates.
SlO a week Including baths. Address "iiAN-
UEL MADRID. Valle}o. CaL
SOLID COMFORT HOME. , .
Extensively Improved; 1900. feet altltuda: n«>
fog: climate delightful; telephone connection;
view unsurpassed; hot and cold baths; sprint
water- cement swimming tank. 40x80. Rate*
17 week up; stage meets train. SCHULER A
SCHEBEN. Napa. Cal. \u25a0
MT. VffiW RANCH TIOTEL * .
And cottages tn the mountains .pear Sant*
Crux. Pint-class table; gaa; bath: pho'&a; club- \u0084
room: dancing pavilion: swimming tank;
bowling; croquet; ratca $3 'up. Round trl>
tickets to Glen wood 94 23. Including carrtagv
TONY FHILJJP9. Santa Crua.
CAMP TAYLOR RESORT —In th«
Redwoods of Maria Co.. 1% hours from s*ji
Francisco. Good- accommodations. Cottage*
and camp grounds. Boating, swimming aa4
bowling. Ratss. $10 to $14 per week; $2 to
$2 00 per day. For -particulars writ* ADAM
BREHM. Prop.. Camp Taylor. CaL \u2666
RICHARDSON SPRINGS— In tho fo:t-
hills of the Sierras. 10 miles from Chlco. Nto
grade no dust. Famous for ths curs of rheu-
matism, gout, scrofula, stomach, liver and
kidney diseases. New bath houses, porcel&ta
tubs; trout fishing: telephone: stage from Chlco
daily. J. H. RICHARDSON. Chlco. Cal. .
. CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvai in the redwoods: bc»t-
lng bathing, fishing and other amusements s
good table; tenu. Only 34 hours from Saa
Francisco via th» California NorthWest«rn Ky.
Secure accommodations. Address C. B. Cnoptu».
Camp Vacation. Vacation P. .P.. Sonoma Co.,Ca4.
HOTEL BELVEDERE. .
Thirty minutes' ride (Tiburon ferry). NO
FOG. XO WINDS. NEW ANNEX cf 25 rooms.
For particulars address J. W. ALLEN. Mgr..
or Peck's Tourists' Bureau Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. Write for new booklet.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL AND COTTAGES
— Near beach; 30 acr«» beautiful grounds; spe-
cial rates to families; writ* for booklet. : F.
BARSON. Proprietor. 'Santa Crua.
THE FASHION STABLES.
J. H. SMITH prop.. Vkiah. Cal. — Tourists and
Hunters furnished with first-class turnouts
at reasonable rates. Write tor particulars.
WEEKLHALi;
16: Pages. $1 per Year
Health and pleasure resort is now open to
guests, under same management which , made
this famous resort so popular last year. The
hotel, cottages, bathhouses and grounds are
lighted by electricity; a new dancing pavilion
has been erected and good music will be fur-
nished for dancing. Several new cottages have
been erected to accommodate the Increased
demand for, rooms; also a tennis court has
been built for lovers of that sport. C
Our best advertisement Is our table, which
cannot be surpassed. We have our own dairy,
hence we have plenty of fresh milk and cream.
Rates are 512, $14 and $16 per week; bath
free to regular weekly guests.
Postoffice and long distance telephone in
hotel. For further particulars and booklet ad-
dress R. H. CT7RRY. proprietor, or PECK'S
BUREAU, 11 Montgomery st.
CAPITOLA
Opened
Under Management of
Albert Bettens
. Capitola is now connected with Santa
Cruz by electric R. R. For hotel' accom-
modations address California Hotel. San
Francisco; Hotel St. James; San Jose, or
Capitola. For cottages or tent grounds
address FRANK REANIER, Capitols.
Little staging to :
and a round trip ticket
for staging and all only
costs $7.00.
Send for booklet. Aetna
Springs Co., Napa Co., Cal.
HOTEL VENDOME
IT'S «S EASY TO GO TO SAN JOSC
,8 TO TAKE A TWP ACROSS THE BAY
One boar, z$ minutes by S. P.
Forget business for a few days and spend a week-
end at the luxurious Hotel Vendome, surrounded
by the most glorious floral park in the City of
Roses. '
• FamoßS Vendome Swimming Beta*
Indoor and Outdoor Games
Linda Vista Golf Links
World-known Lick Obtervatory
Cool, restful days invite you to the Hotel
Vendome, San Jose.
J. T. BROOKS, M.naocr
\u25a0SLJ? 1 - N-_\u25a0•N -_\u25a0• -._ -?_-_ L_ E -
C*lf A /*/"lO HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
\K Hl-SlltS COUNTY; only 4*4 hours
\J i\ n\J\J\J Irom san Francisco and
but nine miles staging:
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath In State: boating and
ewimmine in Warm Spring Creek: good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mail, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $3 50. Take
Tiburon ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates J2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Patronage of
1004 unprecedented Information at PECK'S
INFORMATION BUREAU. 11 Montgomery at.
Bryan's Bureau. 30 Montgomery St.. or of J. F.
MULGREW. Skacgs. Cal.
The New Swimming Tank, the Largest and
Best In. Lake County. U Finished.
ADAMS
SPR/IVCS
Have cured more people of stomach, liver and
kidney diseases than all the springs in Call-
foicila combined. Why experiment? Excellent
trtmt fishing. Send for Book of Testimonials.
DR W. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
HOITrS MENLO PACK
A quiet summer resting place amid charming
surroundings, with perfect climate. The table
Is 'first class: 60 acres playground. Comfort,
recreation, society. As a preparatory school
Hoitt's cannot be surpassed. Circular on re-
quest. W. J. MEREDITH. Menlo. Park.
Napa Soda Springs
Now open. The most beautiful mountain
health and pleasure resort. Call Peck's. 11
Montgomery »t_. or address John Jacobs. Prop.
WILSON'S INN
In the mountains. 12 miles from Napa. ele-
vetlon 1900 feet; home place; pur* air and
water; own milk, cream, fruit, vegetables;
$8 to 111 per week. Folders at Peck's. 11 Mont.
ARNO. H. WILSON. Atlas. Napa Co.. CaL
OWN SUMMER HOME IN CAMP MEEKER
MOUNTAINS OF SONOMA CO.
Equable climate; lota $10. up; cottages built
(So up; stores, hotels, post and phone: 1200 lota
sold; 400 cottages built: San Francisco Agents,
ROWLEY & PACKARD. 3"J3 Montgomery «t-.
or M. C. MEEKER. Sonoma. County.
tf/t A «* V»«. C*i% The Ideal spot for
K66D I OUr EVe summer outingr. Fur-
. * * — nished houses to rent
a^ nun iiTnby the j: j. mor-
Ull "ALU ALIURIS REAL. ESTATE
CO.. Palo Alto. CaL
TAHOE TAVERN, LAKE TAHOE.
FRANK W. RICHARDSON. Manager.
American plan only. Rates $3 per day up.
Stopovers allowed at Trucke* on all overland
railroad and Pullman tickets. :w;r^.
,L AKE T/\ HOE.
Tenting on the beach at Lakeside Park.
Furnished tents on platforms for camping. In
grove . near Str. pier; boats, livery, groceries
and supplies. Address E. B. SMITH & CO..
Statellne. Cal.
THE GROVE,
Lake Tahoe, half mile east of Tallae, on lak*
shore. Excellent table board, with nice outside
rooms. Rates $2 per day or $10 per week, with
good livery, and saddle horses. Boats free to
all guests. J. E. PARMETER. proprietor.
Tallae P. 0.. Cal.
DKEU I'AllK I\.\ and cottages, six
miles from Lake Tahoe. Ideal place for rest.
Elevation 6507. Mineral - springs. Information
at office Bryan's Inf. Bureau. SO Montgomery
st.. or booklet. J. 8.- SCOTT. Deer Park Inn.
Lake Tahoe.' Cal. "
WHITVEY. HOUSE,
Truekee, Cal. • The leading hotel. Headquar-
ters for tourists and commercial men. Summer
and winter resort. Meal station for passengers
Stage for Lakes Independence and Webber!
Campbell Hot Springs and Sierravllle
. , STEWART M' KAY. Proprietor.
. REDWOOD ; RETREAT — Built among
beautiful ' groves. The finest location In Santa
Cruz Mts. ' ' Cream and - fruit la abundance.
Home cooking. Swimming tank and other
amusements. Rates $7 and $3 per week. Book-
let at Peck's Bureau. or mailed. Phone or ad-
dress R. F. WARHAM. Gllroy." CaL (R. F.
D 28.) •
UNION HOTEL. Sonoma. Cal. — New
management: the. leading > hotel; flrst-clajs;
electric lights: 'rates for rummer boarders. $7
per week; special to families: bus to' Hat
Surlngs. H. W. . GOTTENBEKO. ProjjL
• ("LITTLE DEL MONTE")
Is the place to take your family for a quiet vacation
auting. Fishing, swimming, golf and all sports.
Lew rates. Address: GEORGE H. CORDY, Man-
ager Hotel El Carmelo, "Paciilc Grove, California.
THE LOCATION AND CLIMATE AT
SEIGLEO
/I-lOT/ I-IOT SPRINGS \u25a0\u25a0*%
Are so beautiful that SO guests are now sleep-
Ing out In the open. Natural hot baths and
wonderful stomach waters. Swimming pond.
Rates. \u25a0 $10 and $12 per week. Baths free.
Booklets at PECK'S, 11 Montgomery, or H. H.
McGOWAN. Seigler. Lake Co.. Cal.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
The new management has made many ;m-
.provements; new swimming tank, porcelain
bathtubs, patent sanitary plumbing; installed
new features for the amusement and comfort of
guests; billiards, .bowling, tennis, croquet, liv-
ery, hunting, fishing, golf links and excursions
to Clsar Lake and other resorts.
Information at PECK'S, 11 Montgomery St.,
or W. V. BRYAN. 30 Montgomery St., or ad-
dress R. ROBERTSON, lessee and manager.
BLUE
Boating, Bathing and all other amusements
free. Hot and cold sulphur baths. White sul-
phur springs. Send for pamphlet. O. WEIS-
MAN, Midlake P. 0., Lake County, Cal.. or
call on DR. HAPPERSBERGER. 1104 Market
St., S. F.
LAKES
THE ORIGINAL
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, ,
ST. HELENA, NAPA CO.
Entirely renovated and refurnished. Mod-
erate rates. Reduction for families.
New Bath Houses
Finest sulphur water In the State. Table
and service the best. Under the management
of MR. and MRS. JOHN SANDFORD. '
LAUREL DELL.
IB kinds of Mineral Water and Baths:
Bowling Alleys, Croquet. Marine Toboggan.
Livery, the best of Orchestras, under the man-
agement "of Dr. Monroe Callender; first-class
Table: Dining-room \u25a0 seating • 800.
Address EDGAR DURNAN, Proprietor, Lau-
rel Dell. Lake County, Cal. (alio proprietor La
Trianon Hotel), or Peck's, 11 Montgomery at.
BYRON
AMERICA'S GREATEST SPA— Any one
can afford to go to Byron Hot Springs. Sump-
tuous hotel; wonderful waters. Booklet, week-
end ! excursions^ everything paid. $7 60. Byron
Hot Springs P. O.
H.S.R. R. TOCALOMfI Mttin C«.
Bertrand Hotel; first-class accommodations;
special rates for families and parties; fishing,
hunting, boating, bathing; beautiful drives ta
Bear Valley; telephone. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND. or North Shore Ry. office. 650 Mar-
ket st.. every Thursday.' 2 to 4 p. m. •
SARATOGA SPRINGS
. 15 different mineral springs: cure, for all.
Information nt Peek's Bureau, 11 Montgomery
st., or at J: MARTEN'S. Bachelor P. O..Lake
County, Cal. . .'\u25a0 . \u25a0 "
r|r»p/\|\j And Cottages. Extensive grounds
UuLHti overlooking bathing beach. Perfect
mill \u25a0 n eanitation. New dlning-hall and
VII I_A other improvements. High-class
service. New efficient management.
uatci OCEAN VILLA, CO..
nUILL Santa Cruz. Cal.
X/ICHY SPRINGS
Three miles from Uklah, Mendocino County.
Natural electric ' waters, champagne baths;
lovely grounds: fishing: and hunting; crystal
springs: accommodations and table first class.
SJ. A: REDEMEYER. proprietor.
/GLEN BROOK RESORT.
3000 ft. above. sea level.' Trout -fishing". No
upstairs.' Tents' on 'board floors. Good beds:
$8- per week, * board and 'lodging. Rates for
rooms • SlO . and $12 per, week. TREDWAT &
BASSETT. Proprietors. Glenbrook, Cal.
1% Klamath Hot Springs.
-" Fishing, hunting, and health resort. Leave
train at Ager. .Apply to Peck's Tourist Bureau.
11 .:- Montgomery j St.. c,S./,F.,' or, to . EDSON
BROS., Beswlck, Eisklyou County, for booklet.
ROWELL MT^GODWORTfi'S '?{?&
No : fop.' Purest' spring water. Climate natural
tonic . and, lnvigorator. ; Residence 30 ' years. $7
per • week. \u25a0 Woodworth & Muller.3t.Helena.Cal.
ORANGE CITY -. STABLES— Special
rates |to drummers, hotel in connection. Stage
to Geysers. JOHN JUNE. Pr.. Cloverdale. Cal.
OCEAN TRAVEL*
Steamers leave Piers 9 and
y<\sis^sQX 11. San Francisco:
A>x or Ke tchikan. Wrangel,
fft/V&yj'S \ I Juneau. Treadwell, Hainea,
I I \VTA 1 I Skagway. etc., Alaska— ll a.
V V Vyv'Htifn/ I m -. Aug. 3, S, 13 IS 23, 2S,
\tfvv \V jfctt Sept - 2 - Chan ce to this com-
\~£S^_^£ly pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
-^ Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett, Anacortes. South Bellingham,
Bellingham — 11 n. m., Aug. 3. S, 13, IS. 23, 28,
Sept. 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay') — Pomona 1:30
p. m., Aug. 3, 9, 15. 21. 27, Sept. 2. Corona,
1:30 p. m., Auk. 6. 12. 18 24. 30. Sept. 5.
For Los Angelea (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anseles fvia San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Lulj Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme —
Coos Bay. 0 a. m..Au?. 2, 10. 18, 26. Sept. 3.
Bonita. 9 a. m., Aug. 6, 14. 22. 30. Sept. 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymag (Mex.). M 0 a. m., 7th of each
month. ....
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1003— Ths
palatial excursion eteamshlp SPOKANE will
leave Tacoma, Seattle and Victoria June 22,
July 6. 20. August 3. 17.
For further information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to chance Fteamera or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel), 10 Market st.. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Office. 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent
10 Market st., San Francisco.
AMERICAN ?,INE.
Plymouth— Cherbourg; — Southampton.
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
New Vorlc — London Direct.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK — ROTTERDAM, via BOULOGNE!
RED STAR LINE.
Anttren* — Dover — London— Paris. •
WHITE STAR LINE.
NeTr York — Q,ueenatoTrn — Liverpool.
Boston — Queenstown — Hverpool. -
To the Medlterrnnean. - ;
FROM NEW TORK. •
CRET10. . . .'. . . . :S«ptemb«r 20. Nor. 4. Deo. 9
REPUBLIC ..October 19, November 80
FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC. August 5, September 16. October 28
ROMA NIC ........... October 7, November 18
C. D. TAYLOR, Paasensrer Agent Pactflo Coast,
21 Post St.. San Francisco. 1!
oamburg-&merican*
Plymouth— Cherbourg — Hamburg.
t'Moltke Aug. lTiHPennsylvania. .Sept. 2
IWaldersee ....Aug. IS t'Bluecher. . . . . .Sept. 7
tDeutschland .Aug. 24 tßlsmarck. .. ...Sept. 9
Hamburg . Auff. .11lt»MoHke...'. .. .Sept. 14
tGrlll Room.- 'Gymnasium on board. SCall-
• l-ng-at Dover for London and Paris.
HAMBURG- IHERTC AN LINE, 35-37 Broadway. N.T.
.*-,. HERZOG & CO.. 401 California st.
B. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 6, .11 A. M.
S S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney. Thursday, August 10, 2 P. M. -
S. S. ALAMEDA. for, Honolulu, Aug. 19,11 A.M.
J.D.SPREOBLS& BRO3. Co.,Ag[tS. I TiCl[6t oHlce643 liV
let. Freight Offlca 387. Martet St.. Pier 7, Paclfls sl
KOSM<iS LIINE
r> PASSENGER SERVICE.
S. S. "THEBEN.", 6000 tons. Captain Rich-
ert sailing from San ; Francisco, • July \u25a0 20, for '
Europe, - via ports on west coast of Mexico.
Central \u25a0 and ' South America. For *\u25a0 rates and
accommodations apply to LENDAL M. GRAY, i
Manager. '329. Market street. - '.' . .-;';. ;.;-c-, ;,f
Cnmpnenle Generale Transfatlantlane.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Piris.
yailing every Thursday instea.l of \u25a0<Sf£^»
Saturday, 10; a.- nW^from Pier I -42, "^^"T" 1 *
'Norths River, -foot .'of Morion sft> : ..
First class' to Havre, $70 and ifcward. 'Sec-
ond class to ' Havre,? $45 1 and -; upward; GEN-
ERAL AGENCY. FOR UNITED SI\\.TES AND:
CANADA, 32- Broadway .(HudsorJ .-building). ;
New York. • J. F. FUGAZI &. CO., Haclflc Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue, Sari Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Ajfentfl,
- - \u25a0 . \u25a0 -.\u25a0 V -
Mellin's Food - — an infant
food without an equal except
Mother's Milk, a food that feeds,
a food that gives satisfaction, a food
that has been used for many years
with best results, a food that makes
tne babies grow strong. Send for a
free sample.
Mellin'B Food is the ONLY Infaitts*
Food, which received the Grand Prize,
she highest award of the Louisiana Par-
chase Exposition. St. Louis, 1904. Hith-
er than a sold medal.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
_ POLITICAL.
ATTENTION, VOTERS
The followins clinmsea of polliiiK
places hnve lict-n ninde by order of the
Hoard of election Commissioners: : ."/
7Cth Primary Precinct, aoth Assembly Dis-
trict— Bounded by Point Lobos avenue. Parker
av-nu» Fulton street, 22d avenue.
Location of polling place— Booth S. E. corner
Pclnt lV>bos and* Cth avenues.
77th Primary Precinct, 39th Assembly Dis-
trict—Bounded by Point Lobos avenue, 4th
avenue California street South, Ist avenue,
southerly boundary line of the Presidio Res-
ervation Lyon street, the waters of the Bay of
San Francisco, Lobos Creek, southerly
boundary line of Mountain Lake Park, 10th
avenue
Location of polling place — Booth front of 751
7Sth Primary Precinct, 89th Assembly Dis-
trict Bounded by Fulton, 24th avenue. Point
Lobos avenue, 10th avenue, southern boundary
line of Mountain Lake Park. Lobos Creek, the
water 3 of the Bay of San Francisco, and the
waters of the Pacific Ocean.
Location of polling place— Store. 355 20th
avonuQ
70th Primary Precinct, 89th Assembly Dis-
trict Bounded by Fulton. Stanyan, Frederick,
Clayton Clarendon avenue. Lincoln avenue,
20th avenue "N" street and Tenth avenue.
Location of polling place — Booth front of-
1283 Ninth avenue.
109 th Primary Precinct, 44th Assembly Dis-
trict Bounded by Broadway, the waters of
the Bay of San Francisco, Market, Davis,
California, Sansome, Jackson and Montgomery
Location of polling pl*c« — Booth opposite 617
*12th Primary Preolnot' 44th. Assembly Dis-
trict — Bounded by Broadway. Dupont, Clay,
Powell. Washington and Mason streets.
Location of polling plaoe — Front of 1149
Stockton street.
118 th Primary Precinct, 4Bth Assembly Dis-
trict Bounded by Kearny, Lombard, Stockton,
Greenwich, Mason. Francisco and Jones streets,
and the waters of the Bay of San Francisco.
Location of polling plao« — Southwest corner
of Francisco and Powell streets.
By order of the Board of Election Commls-
(Peal) GEO. P. ADAMS, Registrar of Voters.
July' 26. 1005. ,
AvisitDß* JORDAN'S great d
HIUSEUM OF AHATQHYI
A Q\ 10*1 MIRKET ST. bet. 6tb*7th,S.F.CaL A
F r* v Th»Jj«rn»st Anatomical II of earn In th« '
A .Jh Ju World. Vrtlnturt or «ny contracted j >
? fJVi'KS} iX'inn i>»*ltl»«-ly cartJ by the cldiit 0'
© Jtj ;2jf| SprcUUst ou tho Coast. E«t. SG jears. 0 \u25a0
A n%Ms\ OR, JORDAN-DISEASES C? MEN £
\ WCTwSdti Consultation tre* and Btrlct!» pritat* \
4 I IIWH Treatment pmnnmV.j or by 1-tier. A A
\HW 11 8 *•»«*«« euralaeTeryeiMnaasruien. V
A F a "lit? for Bool^ PHItO»«PH« «f A
wf M JJ " n«Rni.ici:. hailro fklk. 'iv
is jjj j£' Tal'i»ble boot 'or ata.j \
V D 3. JORDAN & CO.. 1051 Market Bt, a V. V
HAY A3VD INTERURBAN ROUTES.
NAPA VALLEY ROUTE.
mONTICELLO STEAMSHIP COMPANY—
VALLEJO AND NAPA VALLEY INTER-
URBAN ELECTRIC R. R. CO. Close connec-
tions at Vallejo with 6 round trips daily for
Vallejo, Mare Island Navy Yard, Napa, Napa
Asylum and all. way points. Boate leave San
Francisco 7:00 a., m;. \u25a0•9:43 a. m., 12:30 noon.
3:15 p. m.. 6:00 p. m.. 8:30 p. m.
Cars Jeavo Napa 6:15 a. m., 0:55 a. m. local,
8-30 a. m.. 11:30 a. m., 2:30 p. m., 4:30 p. m..
7-30 p. m., 9:30 p. m. . local.. San ; Francisco
landing and office. Pier 2, foot of Mission tit.
Meals a la carte. Phone Mam 1508. HATCH
BROS.. General Agents.
*Landa Navy Yard direct. V
For Vallejo and Mare Island vlVavy Yard.
Steamer H. J. CORCORAN leaves.-,*; wharf
north end of Ferry Building, week days (excapt
Saturday). 11 a. m.,' S:ls. p. m. 'Saturdays, 11
a. m. Sundays, 9:30 a. m., 8 :15 p. m. Leaves"
Valiejo. week days (except Saturdays), 7:45 a.'
m. 5:30 p. m. \u25a0 Saturdays, 7:30 a. m., 6 p. m.-
Sundays." 5:30 p. m. Meals a la carte.' Phone
641. BARNESON-HIBBERD CO., managers,
ai.r Montgomery strest \u25a0 s
— g H|| &« fl /\ R R - -
JL M. AJL/ JL Jb \ / / . . •. \u0084
Prints daily not only more news but more reliable and interesting news than any San' Francisco newspaper. - •
During- the season it will have more information of what is going on at the Summer -Resorts than any '•
of its contemporaries. It will be, therefore, the most valuable medium for advertising' Summer 1 Resort, at-.
tractions. It will be found on file at the resorts and will be sent by mail to any address for 20 cents per, week. *
or 75 cents per month. . • *::.?
Don't forget to order The Call before leaving for your summer outing. • - , \u25a0 •
SPRINGS |
st> Ji. eaUft and \u25a0P'easure. scenery aa«
«an P«n 7** nearest hot sulpftur sprfw to
H«m- , 2 co; ,^ re cure for asthma, rheum*-
cla?nt, » a ; kl ? nev -' l^er and stomach" com-
fit ,m, m . Hat J> lua *M. tub baths and tha
*t*,l- K^KR! wwa r' r •"^ming tank la th»
State; all baths free to guests; trained mas-
P^t" « n £ 9Wl ™ :n » n c teacher." No. staging.
m ' Jl 1 , 2 X° ?I4 per ww * ek: special to fam-
ilies. THEO. RICHARDS. Asua Calient* So-
Mo^ oo < m e^ J st Cal - ° r PECKS BUREA *- »
The Tucker 'Portable '.Cottsgß..-
Horn* comforts, sanitary. hygienic, cheap.
Take your outing: In one. Lasts lifetime. Book-
let free. A. C. RCLOFSON CO.. :83 H»-0.
Montgomery ct..^ . .r Her rumored engagement to a young
! peer of the realm Is consequently _re.->
gardfd with more than conventional
interest
.Lord Brooke, the prospective groonv is
a son of the Earl of Harwick.
-•\u25a0\u25a0- — -- m . • • •
Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Blinn will
entertain p.t- a rceotion next Tuesday
evening at their home on Tost street
in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Holbrooit-
Biinn. r:,\- r.
:|.;»: •
Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann, -who is
spending the summer at San Rafael, ta
preparing to give a. dinner in* the near
future in honor of her wedding anniver
sary.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Harrison Lewis (Mar.
graret Cameron) have arrived in N"e'w
York after a delightful trip in thi3 West
ern part of the continent. From San
Francisco Mr. and Mrs. Lewis went .to
Havana, where they were, delighted with
the offerings of that country, but 'stop
ping only a short time, they wended their
way to Mexico, landing at Vera Cruz.
Their route to the wty of Mexico took
them through the picturesque scenery
that the southern republic boasts of.
Lleutepant and Mrs. Lowe A. McClure
(Alleen Towle) are on their way to their
new home at Ord Barracks. Monterey.
Vs"* \u0084.;-- :r '-» '. ..." • VS:
Charles G. Huse is making a brief trip
through the northern part of the State.
\u25a0'\u25a0""••• • \u25a0 '\u25a0 • •
Miss Juanita "Wells is a guest at th»
home of Mrs. W. B. Hooper, at Mountain
View, where Mrs. Charles Plottner of
Chicago is also passing the summer.
'.'\u25a0 •*: ' \u0084. • ' ' '•
Mrs. Russell Wilson. Miss Emily "Wil
on, Miss Charlotte Wilson and Miss
Linda Cadwallader leave to-day for San
ta Barbara, where they will spend a fort
rJght at the Hotel Potter.
The arrjval of John Francis Mer
rill with Miss Ruth Merrill is daily
bringing to them greetings of cordiality.
Their tour in foreign places proved of
great satisfaction and benefit.
v • \u25a0/. •- ;• \u25a0;-'<«.•.; -\
Mrs. "William S. Tevi3 has* taken a
country house at Bad Nauheim for the
season and will remain there with her
' family.
Miss Helen Partridge, daughter of
Bishop Sidney Partridge of Kioto. Japan,
and George E. Chapin will be married at
noon to-day in St. Luke's Church, Rev.
Cecil M. Mar rack officiating.
The event, though of great interest to
society, will be very quiet, owing to a
recent family bereavement, only the
families and very close friends being bid
den ti> the ceremony.
In the absence of Bishop Partridge, the
bride will be given away by Mrs. John
Simpson and Miss Amalia Simpson will
serve as maid of honor.
Charles Chapin as best man will sup
port bis brother and after the service
a wedding breakfast will be served at the
Simpson home on Vallejo ) street.
Mr. Chapin has built a pretty home
in Mill Valley, where he will take his
brlde after a trip through the south.
• • . .'. •* •;
The marriage of Miss Gertrude Shel
ton and Charles E. Bundschu will take
place quietly this evening at the Sweden
borgian church, Rev. Joseph Worcester
officiating.
The bride will be attended by Miss Alma
Bundschu as maid of honor, Walter
Bundschu serving his brother as best
man.
Following the ceremony a wedding din
ner will be served at the home of Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Bundschu at 245 Chest
nut street, only the immediate families
being present.
•"\u25a0\u25a0'. • . :' •'-',-.,\u2666 ,\
A very quiet wedding occurred in tha
Swedenborgian church yesterday morn
ing' at 10 o'clock, when Miss Hulda
Anderson was married to William Max
well.
The bride is a. musician and member
of the Twentieth Century Club. She
had no attendants, and the only guests
were a very few close friends.
Mr, and Mrs. Mall well are to spend
several weeks on a weddingr trip, event
ually making: their homo in San Fran-
The interest in Miss Jean Reid
reaches far nnd wide. This attractive
mali spent several weeks last sprinjr
with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. White
law Reid, during their stay at Mill
bra c.
Miss Reid Is natural and democratic
in manner, mingling with it the dig
nity befitting hot station, to which sho
has attained without undue pride.
»»„___-__
THE SMART SET
Sally Sharp.
Dorothy Fenimore.
Englishmen Not Romantic
Mirror of Dame Fashion
The dearth of affinities which my open
ing paragraph announces is not, calcu
lated, therefore, to strike terror to the
British heart. Though marriage may ac
tually be no better than what Harriet
Martineau— measuring it from ! without
with philosophic, eye — defines it, "a
mousetrap." still 'many will be attracted
by the bait within, whether It is' first
quality, or only second, whether or not it
is worth the risk involved in gaining it.
go round, so many go off to the colonies.
And it's a terrible thing to be a spinster
in England unless you have money."
SMART FROCK FOR THE DEMOISELLE.
T^OR the growing school girl tne present fashions are decidedly attractive.
P with the bouffant blouses, large sleeves and full skirts that do much" to
disguise the angularity of the immature figure. The frock pictured shows
a serviceable design in a rose red henrietta. with just a shallow square
yoke of ecru guipure to give it a dressy touch. The fastening is in the back.
and the blouse displays two tucks running around the body just above the
velvet celnture. The 'sleeve is made with three puffs spaced down to half
•way below the elbow, where they are met with a cuff of the lace that forms
the yoke. The skirt is laid In inverted pleats, these stitched down for &
few inches, and then pressed slightly. Above the hem two more tucks ar«
run to match those of the bodice, the width at this point being some six
yards. - . . ..
ANSWERS 70 > QUERIES
PROOF
Lady (in bird store)— Can the parrot talk?- .
Proprietor— Say," lady.- A woman's club reception is a deaf mute conven
tion-compared. with him.
. '"T > HE organization of an oil concern, backed by' ample capital,
. I to compete with the Standard Oil' Trust, may be the begirfning
"\u25a0" of the end of Mr. Rockefeller's control of the oil business of this
country. With the Kansas, Indian Territory and Texas oil fields in
!its control and an output of 10,000 barrels a day, the new compaoy
should make it lively for the old. Whether the expectations of its
performance will be justified or not, the future must disclose. If "it
proceed, under a "gentlemen's agreement," to avoid the richest ter
ritory of the Standard, it will disappoint the country. ,
•:• It should have statutory backing. If Congress would enact,
using its constitutional control of interstate commerce, that when
a combination controlling prices puts them down at any competing
point in the United States, its prices at every point in the United
States shall be reduced to the competing price at any one point, the
new company would, have the Standard on its knees in three months.
Such a statute would rob Rockefeller-of the weapon he has always
used to crush competition.
" With that taken out of his hands and freight rebates made im
possible, the Standard would soon be rendered harmless. The in
dependent oil owners of California would benefit equally with the
new company. Every State in the Union might be induced to fol
* low up the Federal statute with a State law to the same effect,
covering exclusive State commerce.
c /Just now, when' public sentiment is attentive to the Standard's
* 1 tnethods and morals, i& a good time, not only ro organize a com
peting company, but to back competition by law. It is peculiarly
gratifying" that the independent oil producers of Kansas have been
• able to promote the rival company, for the oil interests of that State
have' suffered greatly from the policy of the Standard.
As.jnew fields are discovered every effort should; be made to
keep them from falling into Rockefeller's control. Heretofore this
has not been easy because there was no other, place for a new field
tb go. Now, with a choice between two companies, and with actual
competition between them, there. is a prospect of better times for
\.both producer and consumer.
o So the devotees of golf spend $50,000,000 a year. Truly 'tis a "royal and
anfcient" game. Golf is the newest but the most popular, of all our sports
j.nd pastimes. — Boston Transcript. \u25a0 ' \u25a0
"Out in Denver the women ask for anything they want and get it," says
e Ur5. C. C. Bradford. In this country they get it and have it charged
c in the bill.— Baltimore Sun.
ae• ; »
It required the united efforts of three physicians to close the mouth of
1 -an lowa man who, so far as known, is no relation to Thomas W. Lawson,
—Kansas City Journal.
• ;—; —
• Optimism 1 approaches its zenith when one can see in a mirage polar
* bears disporting on -an iceberg, despite the ascending mercury. — Baltimore
It woul/J be a strange paradox to find that Peace Commissioner Witte
o was. entirely lacking in the saving sense of humor. — Cleveland Plain Dealer.
-\u25a0 . \u25a0• — - » — —
It seems to be becoming a difficult task for eminently respectable finan
ciers to preserve their eminent respectability. — Buffalo Courier.
COMPETITION WITH THE STANDARD.
And the quality of English love is fur
ther affected by that combination of cir
cumstances which makes England,
through her colonies, such a world power.
In the first place, England is an island,
and very small, which means that she is
conservative and retains the customs and
prejudices of her past. And as her pop
ulation grows she sends her young men
away to" the colonies, where usually they
marry and settle down. Both of . these
things tend to give women an inferior
status matrimonially.
Said one English ' girl to me naively:
"We have to be awfully nice to the men,
for there aren't enough of them here to
LONDON. July 16.
IT was an English scientist who was
responsible for the disconcerting'
discovery published a while ago, that,
by evidence of llgures unearthed from
the crypts of statistical knowledge, there
can be in the whole world only 125 gen
uine affinities, and that the chances which
one has of. finding and wedding an affin
ity averages only one in four millions.
To the British public this state of
things would be. I am sure, less disquiet
ing than to Americans. The latter look
upon the ideal marriage of perfect wedded
companionship as part of their ideal of
freedom. The former regard sentiment
as a secondary consideration in wedlock,
their point of view is almost Homeric in
the supremacy that it accords to man,
and the inferior position which it deals
out to woman as her historic portion, and
in Its acceptance' of love as a primitive
passion of humanity. ]
An Englishman treats marriage as a
fact; he does not trifle with it as a the
ory. When he marries he does so for
good solid reasons; he is rarely lured
into a matrimonial bog by the light al
lurement-6f some will-o'-the-wisp fancy.
In a land where mere money commands
a disproportionate degree of . respect, he
feels no shame in estimating a match by
commercial stajidards.
After all, the character of love, like
the character of food, is largely a matter
of geography and climate. The , English
temperament is not romantic. How could
It be? You can't expect romance of a
people whobreathe fog t\yo-thirde of the
year and live on tea, pork pie, cold mut
ton, cabbage and ale. *
Chicago?" was the question that greeted
the conductor every time he appeared.
From an expected arrival at 1 o'clock the
time shifted from 2 to 3, from 3 till 4, and
finally till 5:30.
At last, worn out with the long vigil,
all the passengers in the chair car but
the three in the corner fell asleep. It was
then that t'ne spirit of mischief awoke in
the brain of one of the men. "Can't we
ilx them, up properly?" he demanded of
the others. It was the girl who solved
the problem. She produced a box of pow
der from her suit case with the proposi
tion that they should powder the heads
of their fellow passengers. She could not
complain that her idea was regarded with
disfavor. When they had finished their
work the brakeman paused at the door
of the car. "I've seen lots of folks fright
ened with wrecks." he said, "but this is
the first time I ever saw a whole car of
them go white in a night."
It wp.s a strange procession (hat alighted
from the car at the depot. The porter
cherished the tip that had closed his eyes
to the peculiar color of hair of most of
his charges. Men and women with com
paratively youthful countenances and
perfectly white hair followed each other.
Tlie three conspirators were weak from
laughter.
"JuFt think of the fun they will have
trying to get it out." said the girl.
"But only think," said the men, "of the
fun that they will have trying to explain
in their happy little homes how It came
to be there."
"The Available Food Supply." |
*-j-«HE American Stock Growers' Association has published its
I proceedings at the recent meeting in Denver, and is entitled to
*• public attention to what it has to. say about our export meat
trade. Last year we exported 600,000 live cattle, 338,000 live sheep
and $160,000,000 of meat products. The association by resolution
committed itself to the policy of protection, but said : "We demand
that the Senate of the United States shall cease obstructing that
equally great principle, reciprocity, which we regard as essential to
extend our foreign markets for agricultural and livestock products."
Dr. Salmon, chief of the Bureau of Animal Industry in the
Agricultural Department, said on this subject, that we are produc
ing a large surplus of meat products. Limitation of the export
trade frequently cause's prices so low that the producer does not
receive fair remuneration. If we could supply the foreign markets
where meat is scarce from the American markets where meat is
cheap, both markets would be benefited. The new German tariff,
which becomes effective in March, 1906, doubles the present duty
on our meats.
In France there is not only high tariff but prohibition of- the
importation of live animals. We must pay the maximum duty, be
cause there' is no treaty giving us the benefit of the most favored
nation treatment. A treaty of this kind was negotiated, but failed
in the Senate. By these means the trade has been so hampered
with restrictions that all branches of it have been injured and some
have been destroyed.
-The tariff" obstructions to meat export arc of comparatively
recent origin, and are obviously retaliatory. The association calls
for a revision of ou*r international tariff regulations, to the end that
the livestock and collateral interests may be fairly treated. From
the discussion of the subject, it is evident that the livestock men
feel that they are being sacrificed in the interest of manufactures. It
is alsp evident that there is a high sense of community of interest
between stock growing and agriculture.
The iesue is quite clearly made out and is indicative of a great
internal pressure of conflict between the two great industries of the
country, agriculture and livestock on one .side, and raw material
and manufactures on the other. To deny the existence of such an
issue is to shut one's eyes to a fact that is made plainer every day.
Germany has made her new tariff in view of this issue. Postponing
its effective operation until next March is calculated to , precipitate
the issue in the coming session of Congress.
That session will have a full docket of practical questions. It
cannot postpone the railroad rate issue, in the measure to' enlarge
the powers of the Interstate Commerce Commission. That question:
must be fought out to a finish, and wisdom dictates that it be finished
before the next Congressional elections. The President has de
manded for it the right of way and it will take precedence. When,
it is concluded, the condition of our export trade, as affected by the
new tariffs of continental Europe, takes the field in the House and
Senate. The present prospect is that reciprocity will have as wide
backing as the rate bill, and as extended opposition. In man}'
quarters this high contest will be regarded as involving the fate of
the protective policy.
This may be so only in case reciprocity is again denied. The
resolution of the Stock Growers, passed at Denver, recites that:
"The principle of a tariff for the protection v>f home industries is at
present the fixed policy of our Government, only through the -votes
and influence of the stockmen and farmers of the Central and ' Wes
tern States. We protest against that abuse of this great principle
which is making it an instrument for stifling competition, a shelter
for monopoly, and a cause of hostile tariffs by foreign nations, which
should furnish a market for our surplus."
There is no mistaking the tone of that declaration, and there is
no use in denying the sympathetic attitude to it that is held by a
very large number of people. The only way to treat the subject is
the American.way; discuss it, reach an understanding by perfect
freedom of expression, characterized by tolerance toward opposing
vjews. Out of such discussion will come a great balance sheet, that
will disclose the source of the greatest benefit to the greatest num
ber ,of people.
If this be reciprocity, the principle will temper but not destroy
protection. If it be. protection as it stands, then reciprocity will be
destroyed. The issue is squarely joined and there will be no middle
ground. . • _^
MEAT EXPORT AND RECIPROCITY.
IF the train, from the West had, been
on time there would have been no
occasion to tell- this 'story. If' the
railroad officials had not decided to
run a special for the accommodation of
those passengers who were, \u25a0 waiting in
Western Illinois for the belated train
there is little likelihood that the succeed
ing events would have happened. If there
had not be^en.a wreck on the road'none
of these incidents would have been of
particular consequence. But all this came
about out of the schedule and produced
unlooked for results.
The special train consisted of a baggage
car. a day coach and a chair car. When
the passengers discovered that there was
no diner attached there was woe unlim
ited, for every one" had expected to ' se
cure dinner on board the through train
anl had had. nothing to eat since noon.
It was 6:30 by the time they made the
discovery and the train was not due to
arrive in. Chicago until nearly 11. There
was not even the proverbial "old lady with
the lunch basket aboard. The conductor
added to the general dismalness of his
announcement that they would s^op in
no place long enough to permit even ,a
lunch. The passengers settled .back in
gloomy quiet. .. .
At nearly 8 o'clock the conductor came
to the door of the chair car. "You might
just as well get out here for a" while," he
said with a cheerfulness that must have
been assumed. "There is a work train
wrecked on the track ahead of us and we
can't pull out for three hours."
"Can we get anything to eat here?"
some one asked with anticipatory delight.
'"Might try," was the laconic response.
The porter volunteered, the information
that there was one store in the place.
There was a rapid exodus of all the men
from the chair car. One girl went but on
the platform and besought the porter to
bring, her any eatables that the town
might contain. Five mintues later he re
turned, empty-handed. "A man cornered
all they had to sell," he explained, dole
fully, "and I couldn't get none for you."
"Can't you buy, it from him?" begged
the girf.
"Don't know. Here he is now. I'll ask
him." And. ask him he did.
The owner of the available food supply
of the town was unwilling to sell, but
more than willing to share. He imme
diately tendered the cheese and crackers
to the girl on the platform and suggested
a picnic in the moonlight. Then he went
to the chair car and invited the other
women to attend it. The look that they
bestowed on him was of such indignant
scorn and such regard of the conven
tionalities that he returned with the re
mark. "They all come from. Boston. I
thought that they would get under the
seat and say 'Me-ow* in a minute."
The available food supply was not plen
tiful. But the girl who had gone to the
picnic discovered an acquaintance in the
day coach. He had another acquaintance,
and the three formed a coalition against,
the outside. A candy salesman was divided
from his goods, but was himself shut out
from the trio. It was all managed so well
that not even a tabby cat purred.
"What time are we going to arrive in
THE SAN FRAN CISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS .". \u2666 . «. .Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX McXAUGHT. . : Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE. THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
THURSDAY .: : AUGUST 3, i9QS
A Corner in Crackers
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1905.
Tlghtsun Trunks— l am endeavoring to locate a friend of mine namad
Vand^rbllt.
Weary Wanderer— Yes, keep on a goin': yer on his tracks, all right! • '
ON THE : N. Y. CENTRAL
Special Information supplied daily 'ti
business houses and public men by thi
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Call
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Townsend's Cala. Glace Fruits. In ar
tistic fire-etched boxes. New • tore now
open. 7«7 Market street. •
Frledelite Is the name given to a new
mineral consisting of hydrated mangan
ou3 sillcated, with some chloride.
SKETCHES— J.-R.K., City. If you
have- written sketches that you believe
are suited for theaters where vaudeville
performances -.are given, offer them to
the manager of any of such theaters.
STREET RAILWAYS— P. ' M., ' City.
The mileage of street railways in San
Francisco is ; United Railroads, 253.43
miles; of which 186.5S are for electric
lines; California-street line, 11 miles;
Geary-street line, 7 2-3 miles, and Pre
sidio and Ferries (Union-street line), 7.a0"
miles. "~~~
BRITT-CORBETT— A. W. G., City.. The
Call's index of pugilistic events shows
that Jimmy Britt and Young Corbett
fought a match March 24, 1904, and, that
May 16, ' they signed articles to fight a
match in San Francisco before December
MONTREAL— J. W.. City. Montreal,
Dominion of Canada, is a seaport, being
located at the head of ocean navigation.
POTATOES-K. A. P.,-" Burnt Ranch,
Cal.. By addressing a letter, of inquiry to
the Experimental Station, University of
California, Berkeley, Calirprnia,- you will
be furnished information in the matter
of treating potatoes that \u25a0 are affected
with disease.
31 of that year, but there is no record
that such .match was fought.
DIVORCE— A." S., dty. There is no
divorce law In the republic "of Mexico.
Western education advances by strides
In native India, says the Calcutta, Eng
lishman. After the earthquakes the fol
lowing private telegram • was dispatched
from Dehra Dun bazaar to a down-coun
try destination: "Here earth is quack.
How there?"
A BABC TELEGRAM.
A story Is told of a diplomat who rep
resented a South American republic at
Paris. There had been revolutions at
home— so many that the financiers there
had no time to send his salary. But he
took this misfortune philosophically, sold
all the furniture of the legation except a
bed. a table and some chairs and occupied
one room with his principal attache, who
was good enough to cook the meals.
Any one who called early on the min
ister would probably find him cleaning
the boots. "What would you?" he would
say, waving an expressive boot. "My
poor country 1? In another crisis and has
forgotten us again. But when I go back
I shall make a revolution and appoint
myself President.- Then we shall have
our reward for all this self-denial.".
AWAITED HIS CHAXCE.
Hi AM convinced," said the Poet, "that
1 a writer of verse should be judged
less by that which he says than by
that which he leaves unsaid."
"That is a queer proposition," the
Practical Man responded.
"No doubt you think so," the Poet
continued, '"because you lack the ana
lytical min-d and have never written
verse, but to one who has" both of. these
qualities the proposition is very clear.
Any man who has written verse knows
how great was the significance of the'
things he did not say. Doubtless, how
ever, I could make this clearer to you
by some concreto illustrations. Shall I
try?" .
7 Well, you might, if you .will sort of
boil them down." .
"T will boil. Here, then. — with apolo
gies to various authors — are some Il
lustrations of what I mean. We will
begin with that beautiful little gem
sung, and occasionally spoken, about
the earth:
"'Oh, do you remember sweet Alice,
Ben Bolt;
Sweet Alice, with hair so brawn.
How she wept with delight if you
gave, her a kiss.
And trembled with fear at your
frown?'
"This is what the poet said, and the
world rejoiced in his song; but here is
what he undoubtedly left unsaid:
"I don't want to Injure your feelings,
Ben Bolt,
But tears that she shed for a kiss
And trembles she trembled because
of your frown,
All proved her an imbecile miss.
"Can you doubt that the poet must
have known that this was the natural
conclusion of his verse; yet he cut it
out, and I honor him for it. Again,
take that real gem — and I mean it —
l>eginning,
"'Oh, loosen the snood of your hair,
Jeanette;
Let me tangle a hand in your hair,
my pet.'
"That is genuinely beautiful, but
suppose that the poet had concluded it:
"For I'm longing to know, though it
seems so ideal,
Whether the hair that you're wear
_ ing is real.
> "Is it not evident that the poet must
have known that some such termina
tion as this was entirely possible? Yet
he concealed' the fact, and. we should
honor him for it. Again, by way of il
lustration, let us take a popular idyl:
" 'Mary had a little lamb.
Its lleece was white as snow.
And everywhere that Mary went
The lamb was sure to go.'
"You should recognize that the poet
intentionally leaves an element of mys
tery and charm at this point, and the
most heedless reader involuntarily in
quires of himself, 'Why did the little
chump follow Mary?' Now suppose
that the writer, of that charming idyl
had at once proceeded to explain, as
follows:
"The reason for this startling freak
Of course is very plain:
The lamb tagged Mary thus because
She had it on a chain.
"Do you not perceive that this immortal
poem would have been damaged ir
revocably by such a termination? Yet
no one can reasonably doubt that the
writer must have recognized that such
a termination was possible, and she de
serves great credit for not springing
it on the public. Ah yes. I always shall
contend that a Doet should be judged
not so much by what he writes as by
what he leaves unwritten. Don't you
think I am right?"
"You appear to have made out con
sideiuble of a case," the Practical Man
replied.
A GOOD FELLOW.
IHAVK heard it remarked. William,
that you are a "good fellow," and of
course I am delighted. That is, it
may be delight that is permeating my
system at the present time because of
the fact, but I am not exactly certain
of it. Your welfare would give me
pleasure, but— It is a large "but."
William. You see, I have known quite
a number of 'good fellows" in my day,
and a pretty fair sprinkling of them at
the present time are reposing in various
penitentiaries. This is not because they
absolutely preferred a penitentiary aa
a place of residence, but they concluded
that they would go there, anyway. I
might mention a few names of such
"good fellows," and some of them wpuld
not be unknown to you, but it Is better
to let the poor devils be forgotten.
So, you will understand. William
why I am not exactly "tickled to death"
when I hear that you are a "good fel
low." It may be all right, but — I have
explained about that "but."
Ah, it was ever so long ago
Come to me, little one, come to me here
And I'll tell of. a land that I used to
know,
The beautiful land of a far away year.
There the birds sang sweeter than now
they sing,
And the skies were bluer, a marvelous
blue, . .
And the days were vassals, my joya to
bring, .
And . each of them brought a rapture
new,
And the hours were bright as your eyes
but, O, '
: It was ever and ever so long ago!
There in the land that I knew so well
! Listen, my little one, for it is true
Wag a shady nook in a blossoming dell
That only myself and the fairies knew.
There I have heard/their laughter shrill,
Or have caught the gleam of a vanish
ing hand,
And they were my servants to do mv
will, ' \u25a0"
For I was a king in that lar away land,
And the wee folk heeded my wish, I
trow,
Ever and ever so long ago.
You have heard of Jack who the giants
. . ,. . slew . .
Closer, my little one, closer to me—
Well, he was a friend of my own, I knew,
In that far away land where the elfins
be.
And often I shuddered to hear him review
How he killed the ogre that night so
drear, v
And I vowed that I also would kill a
. few — -. ~
Ah me! I haven't slain many, I fear
But still did the giants stalk to and fro,
Ever and ever so long ago.
I am weary to-day for that far away
land—— '
Heed It,. my little one, for you shall
'-.'-, know,-
And your heart, growing older, shall yet
' understand »
How we sigh for the glory of long, long
ago, ' \u0084
For skies that were bluer than ekles of
to-day.
For birds that sang sweeter than birds
that we hear, ' .
For the blossoming dells where the fairy
folk stray.
And air we recall with the ghost of a
tear. '\u0084\u25a0\u25a0.? : ; ,
You , wander there yet, but for me. well I
- know r.i
It was ever and ever co long ago.
. .\u25a0••.. i
THE POET ON POETS.
A. J. Waterhouse
Occidental
Accidentals
8PASSES WORTHLESS CHECK. —J. J.
O'Donrwll, earhler at the Rusb House, ob
tained a warrant from Police Judge Fritz yes
terday for the arrest of Martin Ilopkiaa on a
charge. of obtaining money by false pretenses.
He alleged that Hopkins cashed a check for $10
with him on July 28 on th« Ban Joaquln Valley
Bank, Stockton, and the cbccK was returned as
wort hler c.
Mark H. Morris, who was indicted by
the Federal Grand Jury in this city
several weeks ago for engaging in a
conspiracy to transport lottery tickets
from one State to another in violation
of the interstate commerce act, ap
peared before United States District
Judge Beatty yesterday and asked that
he be allowed to withdraw his cash
bail of S2OOO given in New Jersey,
where he had been arrested, and sub
stitute a bail bond. The court allowed
him to file a bail bond in the sum of
$3000 and ordered the clerk to sur
render the bail money, less tho clerk's
commission.
Morris Gives Bail.
It was formally announced yesterday
by General Manager E. E. Calvin of
the Southern Pacific Company that the
position of chief inspector of .train ser
vice, held by J. E. Sullivan, had been
abolished. The change is due to the
reorganization of the Western system
of fhe company and the establishing of
superintendents of the northern and
southern districts. Sullivan, it^js re
ported, will soon go to Chicago "to ac
cept a responsible position there under
Julius Kruttschnltt, director of main
tenance and operation of the Harriman
lines. The position of "inspector of
train service was created -about eigh
teen months ago when Sullivan came
to the coast and quietly established
offices In the Crocker building and in
augurated a movement toward bringing
the train service of the Southern Pa
j cine up to a standard with the Eastern
roads. His energy was directed mainly
! In the Improvement of the movement of
I trains, the condition of equipment and
stations along the lines of the South
ern Pacific.
Under the rearrangement of the sys
tem: an inspectorship will be estab
lished In each district. Sullivan, al
though declining yesterday; to discuss
his retirement, Js reported to be pre
pared for a removal to. Chicago, where
[he will-fill an Important position to be
provided for him by Director Krutt
schnltt. • : : .
\u25a0 '\u2666' • ':\u25a0 \u25a0 ,
4000 laborers wanted In North Dakota, on
Iln« Northern Pacific Railway. ' For'particu
lars, communicate .with T. K. Stateler, • t>47
Market Bt., S. F.. General Agent. • •
J. E. Sullivan "Will Soon Go to Chicago
to Fill Important Powitlon Under
Julius KriittNclinltt.
CALVIN MAKES CHANGES IN
INSPECTORS' DEPARTMENT
Ohange that sallow, pimply face to a
clear, clean one by using Lash's Bitters.*
HYDRAULIC MINttR HELD— Sam Ah Tye
was held for trial yesterday by United States
Commissioner Heacock en a charge of violat
ing the hydraulic mining law. near La Porte,
Plumas County. The complaint was made by
the State Dwbris Commissioner*. , He was re
leased on $500 bail. , ..
At a meeting; of the Celtic Union
held last Friday evening it was unani
mously decided to hold an outdoor cele»
bration at Shell Mound Park on Admis
sion day, Saturday, September 9. The
proceeds will be donated to tho fund
now being raised for the purpose of
building an Irish hall. The celebration
will consist of games, Gaelic and Am
erican dances, literary exercises and
other novel features. The following
committee has charge of the general
arrangements for the celebration:
Jeremiah Deasy (chairman), E. P.
Hogan (secretary), John JJulhern
(treasurer), T. J. Mellott, William Hud
son. J. D. Condon, T. P. O'Dowd. M. J.
Pierce. Roger McCarthy, M. Merlgan,
M. Donohue, ThomsfS Doyle, J. P. Hare,
P. J. Crowe, B. J. Sylver and Misses J.
Dillon, Nora McCarthy, and Mls3 Dur
kin. The committee meets every Thurs
day evening in room 442, Parrott build
ing.
CELTIC UNION DECIDES TO
HOLD BIG CELEBRATION
Other charges heard were against
Dr. Jessie C. Aldrich, a cancer special
ist of Los Angeles, who was represent
ed by ex- Judge John D. Pope, also of
Los Angeles. Dr. Aldricn was charged
with advertising "The Mrs. S. J. Bridge
remedy — the only sure cure known in
the world." She admitted the publica
tion but attempted, by means of depo
sitions and testimonials, to prove the
successful treatment of cancer cases by
the remedy. In answer to a request
she refused to divulge the nature of
the remedy. Mrs. Aldrich gave in her
licensed that It may be canceled in case
of revocation.
The other cases tried were those of
Drs. O. C. Joslen, H. fMcGregor "Wilson,
B. Brooks Lee and L. H. Meadows, alias
R. H. Weston, all of San Francisco.
All these cases will be decided by the
board on August 15. i'--^
The State Board of Medical Examin
ers announced yesterday, through At
torney William C. Tait, that it had can
celed the license of Dr. James V. Cal
houn of this city. Dr. Calhoun only re
cently gradua^d from the Cooper
Medical College and It was alleged that
he had advertised by means of a print
ed card as a private specialist, offering
consultation and examination free. It
was also alleged that the card contain
ed a "grossly improbable statement."
Calhoun, who was represented by At
torney H. M. Owens, denied every accu
sation point blank and further refused
to file his license for cancellation.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 2. — T. D. Knight, a
merchant of Santa Ana, Cal., and Miss
Flora Beam were married here to-day.
Cnliforulun Weds In St. I.oula.
Overture. Gorman's Orchestra; opening re
marks. Chairman Ed L. Nolan; minstrel bey
Thomas Walsh; Jig dancing, Xellie Jones and
Franci3 Keith; recitation, George K. Hegnrty:
vocal solo. Ml«b Mamie Meiers, accompanied
by Dorothy Renter; specialties, Miss Mary
McCarthy; up-to-date club and Jujt-
Kllng by Professor Cal. Goqrrey, instructor of
at. Ignatius gymnasium, assisted t>y Joseph
Lemer; vocal solo, tJUx MarrnoK; jig daiKlnir,
Professor O'Connor; specialties, Kathleen Mur
phy; specialties, by famous Grace »Utirs- Cali
fornia's forenwwt bicyclists, Alerta brothers,
Joe and Louis.
Following were the committees:
Floor committee — M. J. Hesso:i, I*, a Me-
Mahon, C. Ryan G. J. Bayr«uther. C. Keheo
J. E. Coroyn, Ed Nolan, F. Qhurchlll. J Good
D. Fitzgerald. J. T. Kane, F. O'N'oill J
Sharkey, E. McCosker, J. Collins, 11 v
TJiurber, P. J. Kelly, L. Kane. E. F. Lucitt J.
Walsh; reception committee — H. McEl'Mrney
J. Murphy, F. Lally, William Oasey. J. Brod
'' erlck, J. Marron, T. Sheehan. T. Stahlberg' E
Curtis. P. Ward, J. Sullivan, G. \\V Bhv
rputher. F. Sweeney, P. Thurb«r, J. Itlordon,
F. Sorocco J. Donovan. J. Holland. H. Talt:
committee of arrangements— Mrs. E. F." Lucitt
Mls« J; Lucitt. Miss A. McMahon. Miss M. o!
Bennett, Miss E. M. Lanthier. Miss I, Dun
ning, Mlfs G. Lane, Miss N. McDonough, Miss
N. A. Bennett, Miss. Ella Lanthler, Miss T.
Lucitt, Miss M. Jamison. -
St. Patrick's Booth of St. Joseph's
parish fair gave an entertainment
and dance last night in St. Joseph's
Hall. The programme was full of
variety and every number pleased
hugely, were vocal selections,
specialties, recitations, jigs and up-to
date club swinging and juggling and
an exhibition by agile bicyclists. The
programme was given In the following
order: .
IVe.tr nts Excellent Programme of
Music, Recitation*, Jig Dancing,
Bicycle Feats, Etc.
James V. Calhoun, Recently
Graduated, Loses Right
to Practice.
ST. PATRICK'S BOOTH GIVES
SUCCESSFUL. EXTERTAISMEXT
DOCTOR'S LICENSE
QUICKLY CANCELED
Among the passengers from' Honolulu
were three men well known in the ship
ping world. Robert Lewers of Honolulu,
Captain William Matson of the Matson
Navigation Company of this city, and
Stanley Dollar of the Dollar Steamship
Company all came from the island port
on the Siberia. %\u25a0
Passengers on the Siberia from China
say the Chinese are in earnest about their
boycott on American goods and will
maintain the barrier until Uncle . Sam
opens the door to the United States
wide enough for Oriental merchants and
students to pass through as easily as the
educated classes of other lands.
The other members of the party were:
Dr. K. Moultanowsky, who was the
Orel's chief surgeon; Dr. A. Polozoff,
also attached to the Orel, and B. Belet
skl, who was the agent at Port Arthur
for the Rueslan Red Crocs Society.
Dr. Paris, a French surgeon on the
Orel, jvho passed through here some time
ago, raid that the Japanese violated the
treaty of Geneva when they fired on and
captured the Orel. Surgeon Moultan
owsky says that the Japanese took the
Orel because they wanted the ship.
In the kind treatment accorded them
after their capture the five Russians who
arrived here yesterday have forgotten all
their bitterness against the Japanese,
and as far as they are concerned the
little brown man is an enemy now only
ia a constructive sense.
The Japanese are taking good care of
their prisoners. Evidence of this was
brought to port yesterday by the liner
Siberia, among whose passengers were
five of the Czar's subjects, all recently
released prisoners of war. They looked
well fed and healthy and appeared iff be
In high spirits. They had nothing but
kind words for the enemy, on the fat of
whose land they have been living ever
since the fortunes of war placed them in
the brown men's keeping. When Nicholas
sees his subjects and hears the tale of
their pleasant sojourn in Japan, he may
feel some regret that he, too, has not
been able to take the rest cure under the
Mikado's protecting wing-.
Two of the Russians are women of high
birth and gentle rearing. One of 1 them.
Miss Olga Pavlowsky, is a niece of Ad
miral Rojestvensky's. She was taken
prisoner early in the naval fight, the fin
ish of which saw as much of her uncle's
fleet as had not run away converted into
'scrap iron, and her uncle himself badly
wounded and in the hands of the enemy.
Miss Olga Tour, the other woman in the
party of homeward-bound prisoners of
war. was a doctor in Russia, and, with
Miss Pavlowsky and many other well
born Russian women, volunteered to ac
company the Baltic fleet to the Orient In
the capacity of hospital nurse. Miss
Pavlowsky and Miss Tour were assigned
for duty on board the hospital ship Orel,
the story of whose capture, at the be
ginning of the naval fight, has already
been told.
] MISS OLGA PAVLOWSKT. ADMIRAX. ROJESTVENSKY'S NIECK, WHO WAS A
NURSE ON THE HOSPITAL SHIP OREL, WHICH WAS CAPTURED IN THE
I BATTLE OF THE SEA OF 1 JAPAN.
James W. Neill. one of Butte's prom
inent mining men, is at the Palace.
A. P. Johnson, a wealthy resident of
Riverside, and wife are at the Palace.
C. H. Pattison. a prominent merchant
of El Dorado, Kansas, Is staying at the
Palace.
Mllo Potter, the well-known Los
Angeles hotel men, and wife are among
the latest arrivals at the Palace.
E. .C. Robinson, private secretary to
Assistant Secretary* of the Treasury H.
A. Taylor, has returned to this city
from Alaska^
Caltfornians In IVevr York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2. — The following
Callfornians are in New York:
From San Francisco— H. M. Allen, at
the Marlborough; Mrs. E. Dotta, at the
Martha Washington; Miss H. H. Parker,
at the Seville; J. Al. Riley. at the Hotel
Navarre; Mrs. C. Beuch, at the Grand;
A, R. pumm, at the Hoffman House; H.
S. Hamilton, W. Low and wife, at the
Hotel Astor; L. Hetlbronner, at the
Spaldlng; A. DeForest, M. H. Higglns
and wife, at the Hotel Astor; H. Hilp.
at the Herald Square; C. H. Lynchburg.
at the Spalding; F. C. Ruppel, at the
Herald Square; Dr. O. Swayze and wife,
at the Si. Denis; A." E. Vanemede, at the
Broadway Central; C. Zwierlein, at the
Belvidere.
From Los Angeles — Miss W. M. Mey
ers, S. S. Speer and wife, at the Nor
mandie; Mrs. L. Pluramer, at the Park
Avenue; L. B. Hall, at the Vendome;
Miss L. Serrill, Alias A. H. Serrill, at the
Seville. . .
PERSONAL.
When the case of Bert Campbell,
charged with grand larceny, came on for
trial before a Jury' in Judge Cook's court
yesterday it developed that the transcript
oj the-testimony taken at the preliminary
hearing before Police Judge Conlan had
been stolen from the District Attorney's
cf;ice. A search was made for another
trg.nscr.ipt in- the branch office of the
Comity Clerk, but it could not be found
and the presumption is that It also has
br-en stolen.
The fact that both transcripts, which
ttsere tha only ones in existence, have
been stolen leads to the conclusion that
erme one interested In Hie defense is to
Mame. There was no opportunity of al
lowing the witnesses to refresh their
memory, and it placed Assistant District
Attorney Porter Ashe at a great disad
vantage in examining them in view of
the fact that the alleged crime was com
mitted on' June 13. 1903. An investigation
\u25a0will be made with the onject of ascertain
ing who has been tampering with public
documents.
Campbell Is one of the defendants in
co-nnection with the alleged footrace
swindle in Golden Gate Park on June 13,
1903, the victim, to the amount of $2500,
having been Herman Grunnauer. 1740 El
lis street. The other defendants are
Charles C. Lee, John S. Moore. C. A.
Houston and Ira P. Wjlkerson. They are
waiting tria.l. D. E. Fletcher, another
\u2666iofendant, was tried and acquitted by a
Jury on October 1, i 903. Grunnauer was
induced to wager his £500 on Fletcher.
Lee, who represented ! himself as a bu
colic stranger, was supposed to wager an
«qual amount upon Campbell. "VVilkerson
vac the stakeholder, and It Is alleged
that Instead of putting up an equal
asiour.t with Grunnauer he was in on the
swindle. Campbell won the race.
The witnesses examined yestehrday
were Grunnauer and E. J. Burns, a bar
tender, who was the referee. The case
\u25a0will go on again this morning.
Before the impaneling of the jury was
commenced Attorney Frank J. Murphy
for the defense Insisted that he had a
right to have the jury box full before be
ing compelled to exercise his challenges.
He based his position upon a recent de
cision from the District Court of Appeal
cf the -Southern District
Tfce Judge said the Supreme Court of
the State had decided otherwise In the
case- of the People against Scoggins,
which had been followed in this State
tor twenty-five years. He had very great
r<-?pect for the Judges of the Court of
Appeal of the Southern District, but he
agreed with Judge Hart of Sacramento
in' overruling their decision and following
the decision of the Supreme Court-
SEA GULL LIBELED. — J. W. Gilkyson filed
a libel yesterday in the United States District
Court fcgairst the steamer Sea Gull to recover
flit) riaimed to be &ue for wages as mate.
The sessions of the second annual
convention of the California State
Nurses' Association ended yesterday
afternoon and tho- social side of the
yearly meeting" was obsorved by a ban
quet ut the St. Francis Hotel last
night. To-day the :iurses will be leav
ing- for their homes or gathering In
small parties to discuss the events of
the convention just ended. : From start
to finish the. sessions were well at
tended and the v/ork of officers and
delegates calls forth the highest praise.
Yesterday's morning session was
taken up In the performing of an in
structive operation in the amphitheater
of the Lane Hospital. Nurses of the
association and students of the Lane
Hospital crowded the benches to watch
Dr. Wallace Irving Terry amputate a
man's leg. The patient was afflicted
with tuberculosis of the knee. Miss
M. Florence Holsclaw. a nurse of su
perior ability, superintended the oper
ating roo-.n and assisted Dr. Terry.
The operation occupied the entire
morning.
After noon hour the nurses gathered
in the lecture room of the Cooper Medi
cal College to witness practical de
monstrations of treatment of patients
and manipulation of surgical instru
ments and bunduges. The principal'de
i monstrators were nurses from the sev
eral training schools in. San Francisco
I and Oakland. On the small stage in
the center' of tho lecture room were
beds and bathing appliances, while In
a semicircle rose tier after tier of seats
filled with graduate nurses and proba
tioners. Here and there among the
audience sat solitary men, for the de
monstrations were open to the public.
The first demonstration was the Nau
heim medicated bath by Miss Hostetter,
who gave an exceptionally clear ac
count of the method of treatment. Af
ter the patient had been tucked in one
of the cots Dr. F. W. B. Waketteld dis
cussed the virtues and faults of the
various fever and clinical charts sub
mitted by the various hospitals.
The nurses then beheld a practical
demonstration of placing a fractured
foot in plaster cast with application of
a modified Buck's extension and manip
ulation of plaster of paris. The nurses
performing the operation came from
the Children's Hospital. A sweat bath
was then given the patient by the
nurses of the Fablola Hospital.
Hypodermic injection of saline solu
tion by Mrs. Bay Thomas and bed
making by Miss Olive Smith, both of
the Clara Barton Hospital, proved in
teresting. The afternoon session closed
with a demonstration of the prepara
tion of catgut and tropa cocaine by
nurses of the French Hospital.
Last night at the St. Francis only
nurses of the association and a few
favored guests from the East sat down
to a delightful repast in the banquet
room. During the course of the even
ing many speeches were made tolling
of the work of ; the organization and
the benefits of the convention. Miss '
S. Gotea Dozier, recently elected presi
dent of the association, acted us toast
mistress. . . :
B^rt Campbell One of the De
fendants on Trial Before a
Jury in Judge Cook's Court
IXQUIRY WILL BE 3TADE
Fair Officers and Delegates
Celebrate Close of Sessions
by a Banquet and Speeches
HOLD FEAST AT NIGHT
Second Annual Convention
Proves of Great Benefit
to State Organization
Transcripts of Testimony in
-Alleged Footrace Swindle
Cases Cannot Be Located
One Is a Niece of Admiral Rojestvensky
RUSSIAN PRISONERS
ON THE SIBERIA
NURSES FINISH
THEIR MEETING
PUBLIC PAPERS
ARE PURLOINED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1905.
9
\u25a0 AMUSEMENTS.
MATIXEE SATURDAY AT 3 O'CLOCK.
: THIRD WEEK.
' Fer.'ormancj Beps at v u'Ciock Shan
I De Koven and Smith's Romantic Comic Opera.
R.OB ROY
GREAT SUCCESS OF
KATE CONDON.
ANNA LICHTER.
ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM.
TEDDT WEBB,
FRANK R. HATES.
AND BARRON BERTHALD.
PRODUCTION STAGED BT MAX FREEMAN
'. Fipt Time at Topular Prlcea— 2sc, 30c, 73c.
i i
COMEDY AIiTSENSATIQN!
Jnmes J. Morton; Smith and Campbell;
Mine. Cellna Bobet Orpbeum Motion
Pictures, and
PATTY BROTHERS.
Mr. Alexander Patty Is tbe Only Man In
tbe World Who Actually Walks on
Hia Head.
l.nnt Time* of Mr. S. Miller Kent and
Companyi Wilton Brotbemi Me**en-
grer Iloyn' Trio, and La Belle Estelllta.
Attainted by Sitmor Galmrdon.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— IOc, 23c. 50c.
GRAND Zl*u\i
- GLICKMAN'S
YIDDISH PLAYERS
FOURTH WEEK -
TO-XIGHT
"KOL NIDR.EY"
(By Request.)
To-Morrow and Sat. "JACOB AND ESAU"
Sat. and Sun. Mats.. "THE LITTLE RABBI"
Sunday Night, "KING SOLOMON"
Coralnß-OEXIS O'SULLIVAN.
AT r* A T A O Bclasco * May«r,
\u25a0 General Manager.
TO-JfIGHT-MATINEB TO-DAY.^ : .
Enormous Success of
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In J. K. Haekett's Comedy of Romance.
the fortunes
of The king
Evgs.. 25c to 75c: Mats. "Thura.-Sat.,2se to 50c.
NEXT MOXPAT- AVIIITE WHITTLESET In
Henry Miller's Great Success, •
THE ONLY WAY
Market' Street. Near Eighth... Phons South 333
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Most Sensational ' Melodrama of Life in
the Wtit Ever Written.
James M. Walllck*s Masterpiece,
THE CATTLE KING
V HERSCHEL MA TALL. In the Tttlt Role.
' Elegant .Scenery. Startling Climaxes!' Mex-
ican Costumes! The Mounted Vaqueroa! Tb«
Attempted Lynching and tbe beautiful Ken-
tucky Thoroughbred.
PRJCES-T-Eve.. 10c to gQc: Mats.. 100. 18c. 23c
scHERPS' doss: and ponies
And a Tlifch-Clana Entertainment Every
. Afternoon and Ereulnjo: In the Theater.
TO-NIGHT.
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With a v
. HANDICAP BOXING CONTEST.
CHARLES BK3NEY. Champion High Dtvjr,
SEE THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD.
RIDE ON THE CIACLE SWING.
ADMISSION ...10c I CH1LDREN........ 5c
See'CHJQUITA. "The Living Doll." ANNIE
REDLINE. the Plump Lady, and /the BA-
BIES In the * Infant Incubatora.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 por Year.
I j|* Having st>,d the lease and futures of thetr former locati.n, all business at A J. Pragtr A Sons will hereafter .
« { . ' ' . ' 6a con^"c'*d at Frai*rs.
I Jt_ Men's $15.00 Black Thibet CO QC
I ( S.'li§ Here's one of those remarkable offers -that is rapidly bringing our-
I V, JgdSr \u25a0\u25a0 Men's Clothing Department to the very front ranks. Day by day it is'
1 t^M^l becoming more popular and day by day the number of pleaseci cus-
1 flisf " tomers is. becoming greater. Our assortment of suits is endless arid
a ImSjj every one is perfect in tailoring, in fit and in style: . .' i
I iV» |jJ\ s a \u25a0Thursday Special, we offer a strictly all wool, fast color Black Thibet Suit of ma-,
I Mtf '/i\ terial made by the famous Reliance Mill. Single breasted, cut in the tff* jf\ /5i pi
H m' ! 'JA \ latest style with broad shoulders, finished with hand felled collars and WL 6J| \M W
I W *§m\ sliape retainin S fronts. Lined with the best VICTORIA SERGE. A Ji^ # J? J
* regular $15.00 Suit. To-day only "r •>^*^ •.
I Wash Goods Silk Snaps umtmuaua u^oc*
a Mm €M&il SIWVUi? riu.in iri««r; —I' (Second Floo-r)
m (Main Floor) . j> „_ , _. - .
B '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 f ......»,«. „ , '". - i JQ9 Women s Chemise —
I IW^V^f LfiW&l 0 Washable Taffeta— Sott, service- ¥Ll Good quality muslin
ffl \u25a0\u25a0 «\u25a0 «' mm\rww\*t able, and in handsome shades. .>^7 with a V-shape yoke
M > • (Maln Floor) Worth 50c per yard./.. TQ- LKyili and embroidery and
I Here are goods, and prices " ; DsQ T'rrV' tucks; open in front;
ito please the economical shop- chiffon PopHniA "beauUful ma- |lj n^ ' and^m si«
J per. A plentiful stock on — -\u0084 in aU colors as well as \\\ with linen lace; -in.
I hand, but early selection is ad- black and cream. Suitable for JJ X *\ sizes 36, 38 and 43;
ffl visable: / coats or waists; would be a Mj\ 1% ?*?£?«:» rfil 39<! •
M Percale— Full yard wide, in light -:-- V for 6 0 c. Special */-/L
1 and medium shades in stripes ™ ""». r W »5 Gowns-Fine nainsook, empire "•
I and figured standard goods Al- Our spec.al price, yard.. /^^ sty , e with an all^ ver - mbr J di
a ways sold at ioc yard. g7- Black Swiss Taffeta— Appropriate cry yoke and several fine tucks; "
It. . P r" ••"•" ' ' ' ' ; ", , for suits or coats; 22 inches wide. finished at the neck and -sleeves
a French Batiste— ln all shades and N ofT^H »t \e** than <!t m with a narrow ruffle oi embroid-
i colors; neat small figures and Never offered at less than ?i.oo cry , full length and width;- all
H stripes; always sold at 15c "7^ Per >'*rd. Special to- fLQf sizes; regularly sold for QQ*. .
H a yard. Sale price, yard.. \u25a0 V day. per yard */•!\u25a0 $1.25. Special OsCr
I Beautiful Artotypes *t3c | —I Jewelry Specials '•'
\u25a0 To-day we offer ceiiulne | artotyp« pS" i-ifc -*. -*\u25a0 \u25a0* \u25a0+\u25a0 \u25a0* Shirt Wnl.tt Set*— ln beautiful
H copies of the works of some of the JM . 13 'Q^P'tW *lY^ t*T^ ra^id^w d^slcrns. 4 pieces to th« set: 3'
a world's most celebrated artist.-; size _fij B /» HHN &/ W -A^ P lns for front of waijft . a "4 «•
S \u25a0 22x28 Inches. Over 100 i*>pular sub- |8 M AJS[ fflfl H HL XJ^ larg L e , pln , sul t a^ Ie f ,°r brooch
| ject* are included, among them be- iiyFV &lP f^T ?. rbel^P' n - Regular 4% r
m Itib: The Gleaners, Homer. Hounds In fMT^ \u25a0'\u25a0"- * '\u25a0' I \u2666 "O-^^ 1^ sp?cla,l. :
fffl L*ash. Marriage Dream. The Chilly IR . /v I V*VKVI* RF.I IAFILR Bet ' '." ' f.
IS Cupids. Pharoahs Hordes, Song KM 9 -<*'' w ATv» HbUAULb Hat Plnn— Thp very latest hot-
|3 without words. Countess Potocks T@r A&A nXfETTT —^F/TkLTSTt! C^2 eltles, such as are belnsr sold
H and numerous others. Al- f t *9 - | ET Jr3A&t\3\£iMU& CJ\ArY£& *J/<3 everywhere In this r% £"
ra ways sold for 73 cents. *fj£ i w - city at 35c. Our price,
H Special to-day «*^v [I ft each ma*o\t
As a refreshing tonic it has no equal. Its i^^^^^^^^^suM
purity, wholesomeness and delicious flavor f^^^^r^^^^jl^^^ •
have won for it the enthusiastic endorse- W^^^o^}"^^^^M
Union Brewing and Malting Go. .|^n||nw
Do You Need
A Suit Case?
We're got fifty of these ||
cases, 24-inch size. Just the |
thing for your vacation trip. |
If you want a good, service- r
.able case for a little price, r
here's your chance. Made of r
handsome" imitation walrus I
; hide, it looks as well, and B
j .' wijl wear as well, too, as p
most leather cases. Has B
hand-made round leather It
handle,- heavy leather cor- H
ners, good brass lock and R
catches, linen lined and riv- R
' cted through. M
, j While they last. $O O^J ti
Special price mtmmtmJ ||
A. B/SMITH CO. §
116 Ellis St i
Mi^Auothev
I 4 n.W Special
. -la! t&r *i*
•; :.)\u25a0\u25a0• Jtoife =-.
, '// rr -7^%2~
ffif ' \^^ A splendid
•< \u25a0 ' 01.0 l . /^__ Knife,
<&n&Z-2~~--- ' steel riv-
• - ! f-ts and back, best razor-tem-
pered steel blades, and of suit-
able shape and sire for either
'.. • lady or gentleman. My 9\ Cf|
j rpecial price * I|JU
• 1 ! «lI.LETTE JSAFKTV RAZOR
. — jjus twelve double-edged
blades, which require neither
stropping: nor honing... J« flf)
STAR SAFISTV RAZOR—
1 Ke^ular price $2.00.. My C| fi i-
price * hii '
I Bacon (ironnd and Honed. I
I Honing gr>p. I
Mail orders promptly filled.
\\ THAT WAN PITTS,
J V. VS. PITTS. The Stationer.
// IOOS MARKKT ST.. Opp. Fifth,
I sax imAxcrseo. I
1 (nTn"cocl CCRE SICK HEADACHE.
Kittle Genuine Must Bear
" ifiVER Fac-Simiie Signature
• g PILLS. _^^~ — - .
AMUSEMENTS. • ; .:'
VUEaUifJlEljlM I£«IMTKBU?i;
NlshtlT. Inetadins Sunday— Mat. Sat. '
THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
Ezra \u25a0 ;••\u25a0•
In His Laughable Creation. '\u25a0\u25a0'-
WEATHER BEATEN BENSON
Different From All the Rest.' »
AN IDEAL LIEBLER & CO. CAST.
PRICES— 2Sc to $1 SO.
Coming — "Mr». Wlgga of the Cahbay* Patch."
.
BASEBALL!
PORTLAND vs. OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK.- \"~ 1-*
FRIDAT 9:30r p. m.
SATURDAY •. 3 p." m.
SUNDAY 2<30 p. m.
\u25a0 " " - =
MISCELLANEOUS. •'"
¥/_ PgM yj \u25a0 .
Sack East Excursions ;
\u25a0 tad Trip Ticksti to. • ;
Chicago $ 72 50
St. Louis 67 SO- . ;
Memphis • .67 50
New Orleant . 67. 50 ;".
Kansas City 60 bo
Omaha 60 00
St. Paul 70.00 :
Minneapolis 70 00 y'-v
Duluth .72 50 . • *'
Fort Worth 60 00 .• •
New York • : 10S so •• '
Boston 100 SO. :. '..
Philadelphia 107 S9
Baltimore 107 co
Washington. D. C. 167 00
An;nst 15-t«-C<-2!J.
IS*ptexnt>«r 7.?-£>-tO-U-l«-n. • '
G<y.i for 80 (lays. . v ..\. .t
—————— ——— : •\u25a0 — — ."
I • '- \u25a0« DE9YEB AHD EBTCXS |M.f> '.". :. - ;
OX BALS . \u25a0 . .
August 10-11-12-30-31. .. •• - •.
Good for 40 day*. -;*. • *
; .
These tickets are air 'bonqnd *oa •
THE JiALIFORHIA lIMITEO-' : \u25a0
ASK THE 3ANTA T&. :f: f ' ''
653 KtrkJt Stmk \u25a0 * • •
*;;;.. t he * .-• /
Los Angeles Times
San Kranettco Office . I*3
la located In * ' .
ROOM JO, CHRONICLE" BUILDING,
ARTHUR L. FISU. ReprraentattTe.
If you would do effective advertising *
n the Southwest, drop al ine -to thY
above address or telephone .Main 1473*
and our representative wtll he. pleased '
to call on you with full .information a»
to rates, etc. " '
THE SUNDAY TIITES," with afS-paga,
magazine. $2.50 a year by. mall. _ . 5 '."•
THE
PALACE:
HOTEL
Compressed Air cleaning plant " . :• .
Room telephone*
St? Jim heat >Tid open Hroa. •
Pipe organ and orchestra
Unexcelled culslr.e
Every luxury attainable
ILJ? FAVORITE . '
PSCSIPISON
JL FOR WEAK WQIWEWe I .\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 S. i L. Clemens and family . have taken a
house ; for the summer- In iJublin,^ N." H.,
returning to New York In '"-. the j fall. \u25a0
Two-base hit*— Blankenshlp,' - Frick, "Shields.
Three-baee hit — Brashear. Double play— Hall
to. Frary. Struck out—^Byi Shields 3. :, by .'Ba/im
0." Bases on - balls — Off Shields 1, oft: Baum
2! ' Sacrifice , hit — Hall: Stolen : bases—Blank
enshlp, Hart, Frick, Houtz. - Left on - baaes —
Seattle T, Lcs ' Angeles 4. ' Time ;\u25a0 of ' game — '
6ns hour and thirty minutes. - . Umpire — Davla.
BOSTON, Aug. 2.— Percy ; Pierce - of
Buffalo was. to-day awarded the $2000
trophy offered, by Charles J.i Glidden
for. the best ! showing ' in ; v the 'recent
automobile endurance test from - New
York to Mount Washington and return.
Pierce Wins Auto Prlie.
CLEVELAND. O. t Aug. v 2.— The
"World-News says:; Owing to. the ac
tion of Mayor Tom L.V Johnson in mak
ing the holding of the Grand Circuit
meeting Impossible here, Cleveland; loses
the big Inter-City. Matinee race for '.he
gold challenge cup. S Chicago '.will' prob
ably secure the "event. * Lou Dillon and
Major Delmar, the: world's greatest
trotters, will appear^ln connection with
the Matinee events.
Cleveland Loses Great Race.
. The main event on tho card at Union
Coursing Park on Sunday will be the
Grand National contest between Hum
boldt and Pocatelll, the best three raoes
out of five. There is also a speed trial
of one course between Gambit and
Fiery Baden on the list. A reserve and
champion stake complete the
gramme. Following is the result of last
night's draw!" ' ' O \
*\u25a0' Reeerve stake— Young Johnny Rex vs. Rush-
Ing River; Angus Clasus vs. Intruder: Blaze vs.
False : Alarm; -.Ml- Amigo vs. Mavis Claire;
Mount Rose vs. Sea Lion; Fiery Rock vs. Ter
ra Corta; Enia vs. The Mist; Alice Dunn vs.
Shotgun; Blue Craig vs. Fetterless; Russell H
vs. Race King; Lady Leeds vs. Hidden Hatred;
Black Coon vs. Tralee Girl; Matchless Beauty
vs. Texas Mamie; Peerless Polly vs. Glaucus;
Bartagjs vs. Lupin; .Queen's Motto vs. Real
Pasha; Frank ; Dunn vs. Crawford Belle; Miss
Domestic vs. Wattles; Texaa Jill vs. Four Paw;
Rose of Gold vs. Muggsy; Earl vs. The Roman;
Happy Lad vs. Northern Flyer; Young Tommy
R vs. Bon Ami; Ina Cissus vs. Sherman; Auntie
Tralee vb. Red Cross Nurse; Orisana vs. Badly
Used;' Rustic Rocker vs. Black Tralee; Tom
Fitz vs. Barney Rey; Young Pepper vs. , Fiery
Cross; Jack Short vs. The Flight; Rowena
Belle vs. Salinas Girl; Frisco Lad vs. Renegade
Apache ; Bunnybrook - vs. Young Kerry ; Pippin ;
Eric Flush vs. Lord i Brazen : J- R vs. Aggie
Rocker; Black Lady vs. La Garcia. \u25a0;
-Champion' stake— Tralee Maid v». Tha Duke;
Rocked Asleep vs. - Flower Girl; Panoch« v».
Patched up; Gold Chain vs. Carlow Boy; Pasha
Pleasant vs. ., Agile Spurt; Hudson vs. Barge;
Richard Anton vs. Lucy Clalr; The Referee vs.
Tralee'*>Be«t.; : . -. -v. .-__\u25a0\u25a0 .. -. , . v
race— Gambit vs. Fiery Baden.
Grand national stake — Humboldt vs. Poe»
telli. \u25a0\u25a0 T^^t^^^OSS^SSSSi^f&f^
First Trial of Grand Na
tional Contest.
Fleet Hounds Are Matched to Meet jla
HUMBOLDT AND POCATEIAI
WILL. COURSE NEXT SUNDAY
Beat the Angels by Superior Httttns,
Flcldlns *ad Running;.
SEATTLE, Aug. 2. — Brilliant support
was given Shields to-day and he pitched
good ball. Walters' catch of a line
drive by Brashear probably saved the
game. The Seattle team looks 60 per
cent stronger with Frlok. playing seo
ond base, and they played like a first
division team in hitting, running bases
and fielding. Blankenshlp was thrown
out at the plate twice, once trying to
steal home and another time trying, to
score from first on. a line shot to right
by Frick. Brashear hit the ball hard
every time up. and he was about? tha
only one of tho visitors who had his
SEATTLE.
AB. R. BH. TO. A. E.
Walters, r. f. 3 0 0 2 0 0
Kar.e, 3b ...4 1 1 2 1 0
ElankenEblp, c 4 0 2 5 3 0
Hart, c. t 8 1 0 3 0 0
Frick. 2b 4 0 18 t 1
Houti. 1. f 4 0 1 10 0
Frary, lb 4 0 2 6 0 0
R Hall, ». \u25a0 2 1 0 0 2 1
Shields, p 3 0 2 0 8 0
Total* T.". 1 31 3 9 27.11; 2
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Bernard, cf 4 0.0 1 0 0
Flood, 2b 4 0 2 2 1 0
Toman. 3b 4 0 0 1 0 1
Dillon,, lb .4 0.'.l 7 1 1
Brashear. «.'*. 4 1 1' 1 4 0
Ross. I. t. ..'.V,3 0 12 0 0
, Cravath. r. I ...2 0.0. 1 1 0
Katran, c 8/0 0 8 1 0
Eaum, p ,S~'O 1- 1 3 0
Totals „ ......31 1 ~6 24 7l ~2
HUN'S AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 1 1 00 01 0 x 8
Base hits 0 12 0 12 8 0 x 8
Los Angeles ...0 0 00 1 0 00 0^ 1
Base hit* 0 0 0, 12 1 002—6
SUMMARY.
Earned naai — Seattla 3, Los Ang«le« 1. ,
SIWASHE9 ARES ITT FORM,
The sport at Ingleside Coursing Park
this week will consist of three even
looking stakes. The enfry list Is up to
the usual standard and lively sport Is
promised on Saturday and Sunday. "The
sport will commence at 11:30 on Satur
day and 10:30 on. Sunday. , Following
is the result of last night's draw:
Class «take— Silver vHeels vs. Golden Wanfl;
lodine vs For Gold; Red Pepper v*. Fox-,
hunter: Sample? vs. Haphazard; Free Port
vb.'D.R; Reckless Acrobat vs. Valley Pride;
Honest John vs Pomona; Conroy vs. Homer
Boy; Tillie R vs. Miss <Brummel; U Rosa vs.
Edenvale; Belle Free vs. Judge Dean; Choo
Choo vs. Lancashire Lad. ,
Reserve stake — Capital Lady vs. Master
Garrison; Vina vs. Young Fearle*s : Tom King
V 6 Daisy Rocket; Crazy Jane vs. Cubanola;
Galveeton vs.' Dear, Gaston; Lady Kelp vs.
Pasadena; Tar Baby vs. Royal Friend; Colored
Lady vs. Loretta- Sir "Wlnton v* Prometheus;
Doc Burns vs. Ricochet; Our Motto vs. Com
mercial Traveler; Fair . Flying vs. Little
Dainty; Mark Twain vs. Annie. Ryne; . Menlo
Bolle vs Eleanor B: Belle Marl* vs. My Sur
prise; Little Plunger 'vs. Butte City.
Open stake — Doreen vs. Sunny Shore; Ruby
Sankey vs. Brilliancy; Evil Eye vs. Royal
Ppirlt; In Time ts, Gallant Friend; Slroo xa.
"Wee Girl; Queen's Beauty vs. Golden Buck;
lone Hill vs. Justicla; Eva G vs. Little Claud*;
My Bonnie King vs leellus; ;Brlght Columbia
vs. Miss' Roclclin; Real Duchess vs. Pasha
King; Wild Belle v« Peerless Beauty; Myrtle
Vain vs. Young Mollle R; Blue Eye* vs. Fair
mount >Lass; : Our Darky v». Potrero Grand;
Spirit; In .Time ; va. Gallant Friend; Siroc vs.
Gloomy Gus vs. Fenll; DoretU. vs. Black Wiz
ard; Golden 1 Garter vs. Lady Honesty; Polka
Dot vb. St. Julian Bill;, May 8 vs. Ouida;
Rose Clark vs. Hot Shot; 'Aurelia ye.. Runaway
Actress; Fortunate Dawn vs. Blue Dlllion;
Carelette vs. Peerless Pattl ; Mary Patton .vs.
Whoa Bill; Daisy Crockett vs. i Hermit; J. L.
Sullivan vs. Bright Pearl; Siren vs; Odd Eyes;
Judge vs. Little Mercy; Mlw Brewer vs. Rock
Roller. \u25a0 >-!-\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0.;- W. '\u25a0'.:*--
When Honnds Hook Up on Sat
urday and Sunday.
Some . lively Couralas; I» Promised
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Oonjnress, Pirate Polly,
Racenla Slay. '
Second race— Ocean Brook, Kings
Guinea. Cnlabo*n*. .
Third race— Baikal, Hans Werner,
Oar Bessie. \ -\u25a0.'\u25a0•'
Fourth race— Orn Vtra, The Do»,
nichlnnd FIIBK.
Fifth race— Depends, Golden Flower,
Ink.
Sixth race — Silver Fir, Mnleahy em
try, Scotsman.
INGLESIDE PARK OFFERS
THREE STAKES TO PATRONS
FORT ERIE SELKCTIONS.
Mlldrbrand Lands for Two Timely Hits
•* .\u25a0•" ' nod Helps Seals Win.
•TACOMA, Aug. 2. — Backed by almost
perfect support. "Silvers" Henler was
iin\LEv orTprrcHKS kcefe.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First racr — Israelite, Ice Water, Ru
bric.
Second race— Caloorahateheo, Garter
Knot, Gcorsria Pine.
Third race — Hooray, Youth, Belden. .
Fourth race— Tradition, Klamesha,
Schulamlte. —
Fifth race — Uncle Urlarb, Mad Mul
lah, Runnels,
Sixth race — Sladden entry, Wilson
entry, Cuprice. . '.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
Senator* Keep Up Thfjr Winning Streak
. and Jump Out of Last
Position.
STANDING OF THE CMJBS.
(National League. ) i (American League.)
W. L. Pet. ! -. W. L. Pet.
New York ..G9 25 .734 Philadelphia 51 35 .693
Pittsburg ..68 35 .624 Chicago 50 35 .58S
Philadelphia 65 38 .6'JliCleveland ..63 37 .688
Chicago 50 35 .088! New York ..41 41 .COO
Cincinnati ..47*48 .495 Boston' 4143 .4SB
St. L0ui5.... 36 48 .429 Detroit 43 45 .4SS
Boston 31 63 .330 Washington 3.< 54 .379
Brooklyn ...28 er» .301 St. Louis ;..32 54 .372
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 2. — Philadelphia
stepped into first place to-day by defeating
Chicago for the third time this week. ' Wad
dell struck out fourteen men — a new record
for the season. Attendance, 1000. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 4 1
Philadelphia. ' 4 8 2<
Batteries — Owen, Patterson and Sullivan;
Waildell and Schreck.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2. — Washington made
it four straight from Detroit to-day. Attend
ance, 25U0. Score :
R. H. E.
Washington 2 8 4
Detroit •". 1 6 1
Batteries — Jacobson and - Klttredge; Killlan
and Drill.
BOSTON, Aug. 2. — St. Louis dropped to last
place to-day when Boston won both games
of a doublo header. Attendance, 7500. Scores: j
First srame — R. H. E-.
Boston .> 4 8 0
St. Louis 2 9. 2;
Batteries — Young and Crlger; SudhofC and
Roth .
Second came — \u25a0 " R. H. E.
Boston 4 7 2
St. Louis '. 8 10 ' i:
Batteries—^Wimer and Armbruster; Pelty and
Sugden. /
NEW YORK. Aur. 2.-^New York made it
four straight from Cleveland to-day, defeat-
Ing the visitors in a close and interesting \u25a0
game by a score of 4 to 8. Attendance. 7000.
6cor«:
R. H. E-.
New York « 12 1
Cleveland 8 8 1
Batteries — Chesbro and McGulre; Donahua
and Buelow. . •
NATIONAL LEAdUE.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 2. — Plttinger outpitched
Brown and Philadelphia had an easy time tak
ing tha opening game of tha series. Attend
ance, 1800. Score : . R. H. E.
Bt. Louis ....2 4 0
Philadelphia 4 8 0
Batteries — Brown and Gray; Plttinger and
Doom. Umpire — O'Day.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 2.— After Brooklyn had
tallisd a run in the thlrtoenth Inning Seymour
tied the score by hitting for a homo run.'
Three singtes followed, the third being made
after> two were out. sending in. the winning
run. Attendance, 1100. Score: R. H. \u25a0E.
Cincinnati 8 ' 15 2
Brooklyn ...............;.. .7 16 3
Batteries — Ewlng and Street; Molntyre and
Rltter. Umpire — Idem.
CHICAGO, Aug. \u25a0 2.— Boston defeated Chi
cago to-day, the game going eleven Innings.
Cannell'a double, three singles and a bad throw
gave Boston three runs in the eleventh, a single
and two doubles scoring two for Chicago. At
tendance, 8300. Score: - R. H. E. \u25a0
Chicago .8 0 3
805t0n'..........; '. 4 ! 0 ; 0
Batteries— Ruhlbach and Kltng; -Young and
Moran. Umpire^ — Johnstone. • \u25a0 . -
PITTSBURG. Aug. 2— Pittsburg could- not
hit' when hits were needed : and , New York re
versed this, getting full value for all except
two' hit*. Attendance, 6800. Score: .
\u25a0 R. H. E.
Plttaburg 1 7.. 2
New Y0rk............. :...... 8 0 0
Batteries— Phllllppl and Pelts; Matthewson
and Bowennan. .Umpire* — Emplle and Bause
wine. '.
BUFFALO, Aug. 2.— Of th 6 seven races
run off at Fort Erie to-day, five of them
J were won by favorites and three of these
• were at odds-on. The weather was
I clear and warm and the track fast. The
j first race for two milers given at the
i meeting was the fourth event. At the
! start, Honda led for a' mile and^a half.
Going around the far turn the first time.
Honda had opened up a gap of six or
eight lengths with Brooklyn, the 2 to 6
favorite, running easily. Passing the
mile ground for the second time, Boland
called on Brooklyn and ho responded In
a bound, passed the leader easily and
from th« beginning of the far turn held
a safe command all tho way home.
Fair Reveler Just got up In time to beat
the tiring Honda by a neck. Summary:
FIRST RACE— MiI*; selling, thre«-year-olds j
and up: V «. t~
Uetfing. Horse, Weight. Jockey.v St. % Ftp.
10 to I— G.McConnell,94 (A-Wl»h) 8 «|» J f
3to I— Tha Trlfler, 99 (Kuni)... 1 4 1 2 1
4to I— Dynasty,lo7 (D.Boland).l2 9 1 3 1
Time. 1:41 4-6. Start, good. Won drying.
Winner,' O. H. Crandall's b. I. by BenVenuto-
Lady Dora. Fade Money. Council. The
Novice. Dorothy Dodd, Chanterelle,
Baby M. Falsa aad Edna Tanner nnUhed
as named.
SECOND RACE^ — Five furlong*; pursa;
two-year-oldB:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Bt. »\u2666 Ftp.
2to 5— Ohiyesa, 105 (Landry)...O 1 £ 1 2ft
sto I— Oratorlan.lol (T.Taylor).. 8 2h 2 8
sto I— Tlchmlngo.lOS (Troxler)..2 4 b 3n
Time, 1:01. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. A. Brown & Co. f « br. t. by The Com
moner-Tulla Fonse. Annie Berry, Fortunate,
Rocket, Lady Chiswick and Etta. M. finished
as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; thre«
year-oHs and upward:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jocxey. St. « TOl
11 to 20— Mrs.F.Foster.lOO (Swain) 2 1141 1$
9to 5— Malfalda.los (D.Boland) 1 4 82 1%
Even— The Thrall,9s (T.Taylor). S 3b 32
Time, 1:14 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Frank Foster's eh. m. by Ben Strome-
Princess: Chicana, Billy Handsell. Gold Rib
bon and Gallawater nnlahed aa named.
FOURTH RACE— Two miles; selling; three
year-olds and upward:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
2 to s— Brooklyn. 110 (Boland) 6 2 h 1 2&
20 to I— Fair Reveler,3s (Swaine) 4 4 h 2 n
10 to I— Honda. 92 (Watkins)... 1 1 1 3 n
Time 3:32. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. E M. May's br. g. by Tenny-Floss. Lou
Woods. Barilla, Lee King, finished aa named.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
selling; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to I— Birmlngham.lo2 (Hnnsy) 113 18
10 to I— Charge. 97 (T. Taylor). 2 2 I^2 1
3 to I— Gamester. 106 (Boland) 5 3 1 3 n
Time. I:CS 1-5. Start good. Won ea«lly.
Winner. 8. T. White's b. c. by Sandrigham-
Cachuca. Carew. Henry Waring, Rubin.
Paeon, Stoessel, < finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Seven and a half furlong*;
celling: four-year-olds and upward:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fln.
7 to s—Crestfallen.5 — Crestfallen. 104 (Munroe) 5 8 4 1 h
sto I—P.ed1 — P.ed Light. 97 (Swaine).. 3 1 n 24
sto I—Mezzo.1 — Mezzo. 104( A. Walsh).... 6 4 % 3 n
Time, 1:34 3-5. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner. J. J. CFlaherty's b. g. by Foam-
Noisy. Annie Davis. Colonist. The Don. Slater
Kate 11. Morendo, Hunterdon, finished as
named. /
SEVENTH RACE — One mile; selling; three
year-olds and upward:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. 94 Fin.
8 to s— Jolly Witch, 94 (Swaine) 3 5 h 1
16 to B — Gold. Flower.SO (Gleson) 6 2 t& 2 2
5 to 2 — Ben Fonso, 107 (Boland) 8 7 2 3 3
Time. 1:41. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, M. Loudin's b. f. by Juggler-Ocean
Witch. Parnasa, Bluegrass Girl. Santa Luna,
Lulu Young 11, Itaska, finished as named.
FORT ERIE EN'TRIESt"
BUFFALO, Aug. 2. — Following are
the ' entries for to-morrow at Fort
Erie:
First raoe. six furlongs, . three-year-olds —
Big Mack 114, Belknap 111, Mamie March 109,
Conjuresn IC9, Dart 100. pixie Andrews 109,
Indian Flower 109, Racenla May 100, Pirate
Polly 109, Wabana 100, Affray 100, Emma Per
kins 100.
Second race, five furlongs, maidens, two
year-olds — Kings Guinea 111, Ocean Brook 103.
The Broker 10S.' Peter Bscker 108, Longbright
100 Maasey 100, Rublnon 105, Annie Berry
105. Ethel Pepper 103, Etta M 103, Lena Jones
103. Calabogue 101.
Third rac*. one and an eighth miles, handi
cap three-year-olds and vp — Hans Wagner
115, Baikal 10S. King of the Valley 99, Wa
ter Tower 9S, Bell the Cat 98. Our Bessie 96.
Fourth race, one mile, three-year-olds and
up. selling— The Don 114. Ora Viva 114, King
of tho Valley 110, Gay Lizzette 109, Monochord
105 Mezzo 102 Glendon 100, Bassanlo 100, Lu
lu Young 08, Zlg Zag 96. Highland Fling Ofi,
Silver Foam 93.
Fifth race, mile, three-year-olds and up,
selling — Ink 111. Falrbury 106, Brushton 108.
Lonjcspur 101, My Alice 99. Lemon Girt 95,
Lila Noel 91. Depends 89. .Hattle Welhe 87.
Golden Flower 80, Economist 86, Louis 'Kraft
106
Sixth race, maidens, steeplechase, three
year-olds and up. short course — Silver Fir 145.
Ohnet 147. Nesto 137. The Guardsman 143, Ja
palak 139, Scotsman 137. Amber 126.
Weather clear; track fa»t.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— The third day's
racing attracted a good sized crowd. The
Splna way. Stake waa the feature of the
card. Ther© was a lot of fouling and
Jostling in this race, also other Incidents.
In the first place. Last Cherry was with
drawn after she had thrown her rider
half a dozen times while being brought
on the track from the paddock.
At the request of her trainer, she was
withdrawn. Clay Woodford's stable, Run
ning Water and Single Shot, were the
choices and there was no question that
Running Water was the best of the lot,
but she was shut off by Curiosity at the
homo turn, and lost half a dozen lengths.
This gave Edna Jackson a decided lead
which she held to the end, beating Run
ning Water by two lengths. Curiosity
was disqualified and Cousin Eva placed
third. 'Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; thr«e-orear-old«i
handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 6— Pr. Hamburg.lll(Hldbrd) 1 1« 1 2
6to I— Funiculaire, 120(Xiblack) 4 3 3 2 6
60tol — Councilman, ll8(V/.Buchn) 6 4 1%3 h •
Time, 1:13 2-6. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, H. P. Whitney's b. c. by Hamburg-
Mapri.' Dreamer, Broadcloth, Ralbert, Good-by
and Flllmore finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase, about two
miles; four-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, JocKey. St. % Fin.
llto^ Maiden, 153 (Roderick).. 1 11 lift
sto I— •Ssahorse 11. 150 (Rogan) 9 4 1 2 h
sto I— Alamanzor. US (Owens). 4 2 1 320
Time, 4:21). Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. W. Colfe b. g. by Llssak-Mag Rapture.
Conover, Gold Van, Knight of Harlem, Follow
On, Collegian, Rußsell Sage, Ruth'e Rattler and
Gate Bell finished as named. • •Disqualified.
THIRD RACE: — One and an eighth mllesj
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Wtight, JocKey. St. % Fin.
16 to 3— Sir Ralph. lOO(Greenneld) 1 IJJ 12%
Even— Joe Lesser, 95 (JlcDanlel) 4 4 2 h
11 to 6— Dekaber, 106 (J. Martin) 2 8 8 3 8
Time, 1:50. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, T. Clark's b. g. by Breadknlfe-Margarette.
Barbaroit&a also ran.
FOURTH RACE I—Fly«1 — Flv« and a half furlongs;
for nllles: two-year-olds :
Betting. HorsH!. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fln.
Bto I— E. Jackson 110 (O'Neil) 5 4 H 1 1
7 to 10— Run. Water. 119 (Lyne) 4 5 2 8
6 to I— "Curiosity. 119 (Hildebd) 3 2 1 3 4
Time, 1:08 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. P. H. MeCarr*n's eh. f. by Water
crest-Arnette. Cousin Eva, Single Shot and
Last Charry finished as named. "Disqualified
for fouling.
FIFTH RACE— One mile and an elghthi
handicap for three-year-olds and up:
Bettlns. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
1 to 3—lSroomstick,3 — ISroomstick, V2H (J.Mrtn) 2 2 12
5 to 2— Woodsaw, 110 (W. Davis) 1 1 I^2
Tinve. 1:55 3-5. Start cood. Won easily.
Winner, S. H. Brown's b. c. by Ben Brush-
Elf.. Two startsrs.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongsi
selling; for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey.' St. «;. Fin.
13 to 5— R. Silk, 104 (W.Buchn). 4 2 2 1 %
12 to I—Avlston,1 — Avlston, 97 (Mclntyre).. 1 I^2l
4 to I— Confederate, 107 (Mrlty)ll 4 h 8 2
Time. 1:00. Start sood. Won driving.
Winner, M. H. Tichenor's b. f. by Mirthful-
Quiver. Ingleside, Optician, Headmore, Jes
samine, Cock Sure, Third Alarm, Bantam,
Quixote and Diablo Gold finished as named.;
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Saratoga:
* irst race, seven furlongs, three-year-olda
and up, handicap-r-Oarsman 120, Jocund 115,
Wotan 113. Dandelion 103, Adrlutha 110. Rub
ric 102, Sir Lynnewood 9S, Ice Water 97, Is
raelite 99, Ralbert 92, Royal Window 95.
Second race, steeplecnaee, short course,
maiden four.-year-olds auff vp — Temerity 153,
Frank Somers 132. Garterknot 130, King Fox
132, Honorius 132, Calooraha tehee 132, Duchess
Ollie ISO. Georgia Pine 140.
Third race, six furlongs, two-year-olds. Bell
ing — Belden 105, Dave Lewis 110, Hooray 110,
Sir Caruthers 110. Ruth W 102, Wea 110, Lord
Provost 102, Rapid Transit 110. Youth 110, Fla
vigny 102, Cat's Eye 107, Adesso 110, High
Brush 105.
Fourth race, one and flve-6ixteentj| miles,- the
Alabama, $6000, three-year-old nllles — Kiame
sha 110, Tradition 124, Floralia 116, Gold Ten
121; Schulamlte 121, Sufferance 116.
Fifth race, one mile, three-year-olds and up,
selling— Athlone 109. Rubric 105. Mad Mullah
103, Runnells 104. Uncle Urigh 110. King Pep
per 98, Lady Ellison 101. Glowstar 95. Military
Man 108
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-oldF — Hester W 111,. Adonis 111, Nos
tromo 114. Bellsnlcker 114, Sir Caruthers 114,
Vet 114, Juggler 114, Mohawk II 114, Belmere
114. Peeping Tom 114, Caprice 111.
Weather clear; track fast. .
ATHLETICS BEAT WHITE SOX
AXD GO I.XTO FIRST PLACE
the winning kid to-day, outpitching
Keefe, who had an off day. Henley was
very effective with men on bases, strik
ing out batters at opportune times.
Mohler, Waldron and Spencer did the
star fielding, wliile Hildebrand's bat
ting was a feature, his hits driving in
two runs. In the first hits by Waldron
and Mohler, with Eagan's wild throw
to Casey, let Waldron In. In the third
Waldron singled, stole second and tal
lied on Hiluebrand's hit, Irwln was out.
Sheehnn to Xordyke. The latter re
turned the ball to Sheehan to nail
Hild»»brand, but Sheehan dropped it
and Hildebrand scored. Mohler drove
out a double in the fifth, scoring on
Hildebrand's single. With two down
in the eighth, Hildebrand hit for three
bajrs, but could not score. Tacoma was
chut out until the seventh, when
Lynch and Casey hit in succession. Gra
ham forced Casey and Lynch. The lat
ter tallied on a wild pitch. Perine
failed to appear, so Thomas and Wil
liams umpired. Score:
TACOMA.
AB R. BH. PO. A. E.
Doyle r. f 4 0 1 0 1 0
Sheehan. 3b. 3 0 0 0 8 1
Xordyke, lb 4 0 1 11 1 0
Eiigah. c. « 3 0 0 2 2 1
Mclaughlin, L f 4 0 1 4 0 0
Lynch c. f 4 1 110.0
Casey,' 2b 4 0 2 0 4, 0
Graham, c 4 0 00 1 0
Keefe. p 4 0 0 0 0 0
Total* 84 1 6 27 12 2
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Spencer, r. f. 4 0 0 4 0 0
Waldron. c. f 4 2 2 4 0 0
MoUler. 2b 4 1 22 4 0
Hild^brand, Lf 4 1 8 0 0 0
Irwln, 3b 4 0 0 1 $ 0
Nealor. lb 4 0 1 9 1 1
Wheekr, s. * 4 0 10 2 0
Wilson, c 8 0 0 6 1 0
Henley. V 8 0 0 10 0
Totals 84 4 9 27 10 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Taooma 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 o—l
Base bit* 0180092 0 I— S
San Francisco... 10801000 o—4
Base hits 20202101 I—6
SUMMARY.
Struck out — By Keefe 8, by Henley 8. B**e*
on ball*— Off Keefe 1, off Henley 2. Wild
pitch— Henley. Passed ball— Graham. Stolen
bases — Sheeban 2, McLaughlln 2. Casey, Hil
debrand Waldron. Twp-baae hit* — Nordyke,
Mohler. Three-base hit— Hildebrand. Flr*t
base on errors — Tacoma 1. Left on base* —
Taooma. 8. San Francisco 4. Time of gam* —
One hour and forty minutes. Umpires — Thomas
and William*.
PORTLAND. Aug. 2.— After two days
of hard sledding the speculators struck
a good piece of road to-day and. mads up
some lost time and coin when four of six
favorites showed in front at tlia wiroi
Two well played second choices w«r» also
in the expected place when tha races
were over.
After Dixello won th» fifth event in a
common gallop, he was bid up to iJCO and
retained by his owner. J. Wolf, of Cali
fornia. Wolf had raised the price; of his.
brother' 3 horse at the recent Seattla
races and although the brother did not
appear at the Irvinston track this after
noon, a friend named "Shorty" did th»
boosting for him.
Dick Williams backed his Good Cheer
heavily in the fourth race, a scrambl* at
si furlongs, and the nag was touted as
a good thing. The finish was- betwsen
Sterling Towers and My Surprise, tho for
mer nosing out. It was a great raco from
the paddock, with first one sprinter and
then the other bobbing in front. Good
Cheer was three lengths to the bad In
front of a struggling fllley. Miss Powell,
by Pirate of Penzance. out of Benziquo.
died last night of blood poisoning. 3ha
was a mare valued at $2000. owned by T.
A. Davis, and had done good work on tha
track. The summary:
First race, five and & h*!f farlong9^-D«rads
(4 to 5. 2 to 5. out), won; El Parlsana Ci to 1.
even), second; Ere Testerday (1 to $). third..
Time, 1:09.
Second race, six furlongs^ — Ooidan Buck (4 to
5, 2 to 5, out;, won: Mabel Bates (2 to I,
1 to 2). second; Lady Kispar (out), third. Tlm»»
1:13.
Third race, six furlongs — Bird!* P (» to J,
even t tt> 2). won; Angelica (eveo, 1 to 2>i
second; Mountebank (1 -to 2). third. T!nv%
Fourth race, ftvo and a hall fur!ong»-:St«rlta*;
Towers (8 to 5. 1 tc- 2. outX " won: My Sur
prise (2 to 1. even), second; Good Cheer . (out). '
third. Time, l:08&.
Fifth rac«. one mll» and a hundred yard* —
Dtxelle (7 to 10. 2 to 5. out), won; Badly
Used (S to 4, 2 to 6). second; Calculate (3 to 4).
third. Time. 1:48*4.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Sea Air (3 to 1.
even, 2 to 5). won; Phalanx (3 to 1, a tr> 2), .
second: Conre=d (2 to 5). third. Time. I:2SJ4-.
.\OL.4X STILL AFTER BRITT.
Dane Is WUHn; to Flsht on Any Kind*
">?\u25a0'"\u25a0:\u25a0 of Terma. -
Billy Nolan, manager of Battling Nal- *
son. arrived in town last night, anxious
to sign up his charge with Jimmy Britt.
Nolan says that he will not do any moro
talking, but stands ready to match the
Dane against Britt at any old time or at
any old place.
"We can get together if the Britta.are
i willing." said Nolan last night . "Nel
son Is ready to meet Jimmy any. time
now and under the auspices of any club.
Alex Greggains would like to pull off ,
the fight this month, while the Colma
offer looks good to us. We will simply •
wait now and let Britt come to. thai
front. His terms are acceptable to us
and: all we want Is the match."
LATOXIA SELECTIONS.
An Oyster Bay man has left $500 to \u25a0 ,
clergyman who was kind to him durlsti
an attack of hiccoughs. m ' f"^
(By New York Morn In c Telegraph.)
First race — The Hinka, Marvin Xe*V
Matabon.
Second race— The Measenger, Early
Boy, Ryan. ...
Third racr — Lapncellc, Birch Broom,
Haviland. \u25a0\u25a0\u0084 -'•,* . • ••
Fourth race— Beatrice " X, Orllae,
Santn Lucia.
Fifth race — Naran, Louise Slaclarlajaik
Sllaa Manners. ,-iV .-'.'
Sixth race— Tan Hope, Axares* Brar-
CINCINNATI, Aug. 2.— Four favorites
and two second choices were successful
at Latonla to-day. In the third race. Two
Bills raii away half a mile and after
being led back to the post, got the best
of the start and wan handily from Orbic
ular and Sister Frances.
1 The handicap at one mile and seventy
yards went to Alma Dufour in a drive,
! White Plume second and Coruscate third.
; Gus Strauss was favorite for the steeple
) chase. The track was fast. Summary:
: FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlong*:
, three-year-olds and up; selling:
I Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey St. *i rln.
' 6 to s— Delagoa 107 (fcoerner). 2 2 1%1 %
1 8 to s— Saranola, 103 (Morris).. 5 3 2 2 4
! 6 to 2— Omah J, 94 (Radtke) 4 1 h 3 n
1 Time, 1:20 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
' Winner. C. C. McCafferty'* b. m. (6) by King
ston-Rhodesia. Stradar, Th» Laurel, finished
as named.
i SECOND RACE— On« mil»|' thre«-y ear-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to o—San0 — San Remo, 102 (Rbnson) 2 3 8 11
3 to 2— Westrn Duke. 104 (Rdk) 3 2 4 2 2
11 to I— Florizel, 99 (Fry) 1 1 h 3 1
Tim© 1:40 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. D. W. Cotton's eh. h. (4) by St.
Blaise-Pretense. King Ellsworth. Thora Lee.
finished aa named
THIRD RACK— FIv« furlongs; two-year-old* ;
purse:
Bettinsr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
2 to I— Two Bills, 110 (Radtke) 1 1 1 1 *i
10 to I— Orbicular. IC3 (Ha 11)... 4 3 2 2 V»
» to 2— Slstr Frances. 107 (Wish) 3 2 1 3 lft
Time, 1:00 2-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. Denny Bros." br. c by First Mate-
Design. Zlenap, Agnolo Holla, I.eta Duffy.
Leigh Pacelot, Dr. Wlndell. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Ona mile and fifty yardsi
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Bto 3— Alma Dufour.llS (Mrrsn) 3 8 2 11*4
11 to 6— White Plume.lo3 (Trubel) 2 1 IH2 h
13 to s—Coruscate,5 — Coruscate, 103 (Booker). 1 243n
Time, 1:43 2-5. Btart good. Won driving.
Winner, E. Corrlgan'a b. m. (4) by Imp. Ar
tlllery-Swanhlllla. Branca* aad Tartaa fin
ished aa named.
FIFTH RACE — Steeplechase, short cour*«;
three- year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4to 6— Gus Straus. 147 (McHugh) 4 12 1 I*4
•4 to I—J.1 — J. E. Owens. 130 (Seaton) 6 8 2 2 4
40 to I— Ktlmorle. 130 (McClaln). 5 4 2 8 10
Time. 3:014-3. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, E. Corrlgan's br. c. (4) by Rlley-Sar
donyx. Ohio King and Dunning finished aa
named. (Blue Mint fell.)
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles:
four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
oto 2— Fonsoluca. 102 (McLghn) 1 X 4 1 1H
6to s— Safety Light. 01 (Radtke) 6 2^24
15 to I— Helgerson, 90 (Koerner). 4 8 3 3 2
Time, 1 :54 8-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. Pugh's eh. g. (6) by Fonso-Lu
casta. Cardinal Wolsey, Annie Williams. Fed
eral- and Grand Vitesse finished aa named.
LATOXIA ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 2.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Latonia:
First race, five furlongs, purse — Dudley 104,
Scalplock 104. Casp«rdtne 107, Leo Bright 107,
Captain Bush 107, Rely 107. Klngswalden 107.
The Minks 107. Zardo 107. Sea. Mate 107,
Squanderer 107. J. H. Montgomery 107, Mata
bon 112, Marvin Neal 112.
Second race, one mile, celling — A'gonquln 92,
Woods Perry 04, Early Boy 07, Arachne 97.
Sister Lillian 97. The Messenger 00. Lord Ha
ven 104. Rlan 104, Mint Bed 107. Gl'fain 100.
Third race, six and a half furlon?% selling —
La Pucelle 96, Felix Mozzes 98. Birch Broim
99, Lady Lavish 99, Haviland 112.
Fourth race, five furlongs* purse — Begonia
100, Floss S 100, Orline 100. >Telei>a.thy 100,
Santa Lucia 100. Sister Edith 100. Beatrice
X 101.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling — Lady Lou i
92, Eaterre 92, Louise McFarland 95. Paul 97
All Scarlet 07. Happy Jack II 97. Mls» Man
ners 101. Naran 101. Wlnton 102.
\u25a0 Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Bravery
92. The Pet 02. Rossessa 95. Aurocelver 05
Axares 101, Judge Traynor 102. Colonel Jim
Douglas 103, Van Hope 103, Animosity 104.
Weather clear; track fast.
Rudyard Kipling says that the develop
ment of the automobile has benefited hu
manity mentally, physically and spir
itually.
•Two-b*«e tlt« — Van Buren. Kruger. First
.fcase on errors— Oakland 2. First base on called
\u25a0balli — OS Graham 2. l>ft on ba*e»— Oakland
4. -Portland 8. Struck out — By Graham 4 by
'Geryln 7. Double plays^ — Atz unassisted; Stan
."ley to. Kelly. Passed ball — Van Baren. Time
«f'Ctae — One liour and 20 xnlr.ut»s. Umpire —
."Bray.
Portland 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 o—l0 — 1
Bare bit* 0 2 0 0 110 0 o—4
Oakland 2 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 xx — 4
Bu« hits '..-,".* 10 0 0 8 0 0 x— B
:" • • . SUMMART.
Total* 29 1 4 0 24 6 8
BXTSB AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Total* 82 4 8 1 27 8 0
PORTLAND.
./- AB. R. BH. PB. PO. A. R
Att, •«•/ 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
McCreedie, rf 8 0 10 10 0
FJemlnr, Jf 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Householder,' <f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Van Buren. c 8 1 1 0 8 1 1
Corbett.'Xb 8 0 0 0 4 0 0
Runk'.e^ Sb 3 0 2 0 0 11
Csxm.- »b 2 0 0 0 8 11
Carvia; p 8 0 0 0 0 1 0
: -' OAICLIANTX
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Van Haltren. cf 4 1 1 0 S 0 0
Francks, ss -....4 1 1 0 3 2 0
Dunleavj*. If 4 0 1 12 0 0
Kruger. !b 4 110 9 0 0
K«'.ly Zt> 4 12 0 3 8 0
Hopan. rf 3. 0 0 0 2 0 0
JVvereatjjc 2b S 0 1 0 0 1 0
Btanl«T c: 8 0 1 0 6 2 0
Graham p 8 0 0 0 0 0 0
The main event of the contest was
the absence of Baby McLean from the
lineup. The baby forgot to show at
a recent game at Portland, when he
received a hot tip at the track. The
directors decided to assess him fifty,
but he thought they were kidding him.
Yesterday, however, when the pay en
velopes were handed out Mac was shy
the- coin and he felt so sore that he
decided not to get into action.
Deacon Van Buren was called off
first base and placed behind the bat.
Van- Is' not used to grabbing foul tips
and things, yet he caught a very cred
itable game and winged a couple of
Oaks out at second. However. Mc-
Lean's absence hurt the Giants and
possibly cost them a victory.
Oakland 6tarted right In during the
first lnnir.g and made two runs, though
they .s.bould have made a dozen. Van
Hsl'tren was safe on Runkle's wide
heave to first and Francks tore off a
hit. Van Buren let the next one get
through him and Van Haltren came
home. Dunjeavy beat out a hit and
Kelly singled, chasing In Francks.
The next two men died easily, so only
t\vt> runs resulted..
The Giants managed to annex one
in the third- by means of Van Buren's
double and" Runkle's single, Oakland
sent two more through in the sixth,
Kruger starting off with a two
cu6hlor.er to left and coming through
when Kelly, singled to center. Kel
.made second' on the throw In and
Brick Devereaux responded with a
drive past third that netted the final
run for the day. The score:
RESULTS OF GAMES.
Oakland A\ Portland 1.
San FrascUco -* i Tacoma X.
Seattle *j Los Angeles 1.
TO-DAYS GAMES.
Oakland-Portland, Recreatloa Paris.
Ban Francisco at Tacoma.
JLoa Anrelea at Seattle.
STAJTDIXG OF THE CLUBS.
.. ' \u25a0 (Pacific Coast L*affue.)
W..L. Pet., • W. L. Tct.
Pas rr*a.....l 0 11000 Oakland 1 1 .MO
Seattle 1 6 .1000 L,*= Angles.. .0 1 .000
Portland 11 .500 Tacona 0 1 .000
The Commuters ca.n play better base
ball with a hand-me-down ball team
t!:an if they had a bunch of biff
leaguers taking money for working.
Vestorday they avenged th« defeat of
Tuesday by •wading In and beating the
Giants 4 to 1. They played ball with
out an error and etung the leather for
fair with men tm the sacks. The Giants
never figured and were lucky to grab
a run.
PORTLAND. Aug. 2.— Frank Frelssel, a
University of Oregon student, formerly
from Nevada, wearing Multnomah colors,
1 won the individual amateur championship
<of the world in the ali-around athletic
I contests helJ under the auspices of ule
j Lerris and Clark Exposition yesterday
J afternoon. The contests were pulled off
; Sn strict accordance with the rules of the
j A. A. U. and J. E. Sullivan, secretary of
j that organization, was present and acted
J in the capacity of referee.
[ Frlessei'3 steady grind in every event
: pulled hiii} through and when the points
; were totaled at the conclusion of the
I mile race which wound up the meet, It
j was found that the local man had cap
, tured the coveted honors by almost fifty
, points.
Parry, the young giant from the "Windy
City, had a big lead over all his oppo
l ner.ts before the start of the mile event,
I and he was looked upon as a sure winner,
I for all that was necessary for him to
I make good was to finish within a lap of
| the leaders, but he fell from exhaustion.
| when within sight of victory and lost all
! the points he would have acquired had he
i breasted the tape in last place.
I The victor won only two events, the
I broad jump and the 130-yard hurdle, but
! his seconds and thirds in the other events
I gave him a big score.
; The final score was: Friessel, Portland,
| MGoVi; Llgda, San Francisco. 5416%; K. E.
Parry, Chicago. 5068%, and D. O'Sullivan,
Anaconda, Mont., 4558.
Ligda made a fine showing and would
probably have won had his wrists not
weakened In the pole vault- Summary:
100- yard dash — L.igda won, O'Sullivan second,
Friessel third. Parry fourth. Time, :10 2-5.
Shot put — Parry won, Ligda second, Friessel
third. O'Sullivan fourth. Distance, 41 feet sft
inches.
liish jump — Ligda, O'Sullivan and FYlessel
tied at 5 feet 5 inches. Parry's beet jump was
5 feet 2 Inches.
880-yard walk — Parry won Friessel second.
LiEia third, O' Sullivan fourth. Time, 4:48.
Hammer throw — Parry won, Ligda second,
Fricssel third. O'Sullivan fourth. Distance,
136 feet i% inches.
120 yards high hurdles — Friessel won, Ugda
a*oond, O'Sullivan third, Parry fourth. Time,
:17 1-5.
Pole vault — O'Sullivan won, Friessel second,
Lig'ia third. Parry fourth. Height, 10 feet.
Hroad jump — Friessel won. Ugda second,
O'Sullivan third. Parry fourth. Distance, 21
feet 7% inches.
Mile run — LJgda won, Friessel second, O'Sul
livan third.
Epeclal DlfiaicU to The Call.
Rufe Turner, who Is to meet Jimmy
Gardner at Colma on Friday night, fln
lahed up his work In the gymnasium at
Stockton yesterday and is now In good
trim for the battle of his life. He has
been working hard for more than three
•weeks and has proved himself a glutton
In that line, as he keepa right at It every
minute of the time that he Is going
through his paces.
_ Turner will do nothing to-day but some
road work In the forenoon. He has been
boxing every day recently with "Kid"
Williams, Bob Langley and his brother,
Charley Turner, tho old time middle
weight. If there had been many more
days of work some other talent would
havo had to be brought in, aa Rufe has
worked so strenuously that every one
was out of the game with tho exception
of Charley, who still shows signs of his
once great form.
There was auite a orowd out to see
him go through his paces yesterday after
noon and he looks to be perfect in every
respect. There does not seem to be an
ounce of superfluous flesh about him and
at the same time he does not B©em to be
one bit drawn. He can never have any
excuse to make on the grounds of poor
condition If he fails to .bring home the
money the Stockton sports figure he is
sure to get.
Turner realizes that this is the chance
of his life and he is as full of confidence
as any fighter may be. After he had
finished his work in the gymnasium he
boxed three rounds with his older brother
Qharley and wrestled the same length ot
time with Bo.b Langley. When he had
been stripped, bathed and rubbed down
he stepped on the scales and weighed
Just 131 V* pounds.
The Stockton sports will leave in full
force on a special train at 3:45 o'clock on
the afternoon of the battle, and, t while
they"' have been hoping to get some odds
In the betting, they will have plenty of
money to bet at whatever the prevailing
price may be, and if Turner loses hard
times are expected here for some time to
come.
Jimmy Gardner's great left hand has
won him a number of admirers among
the local sporting fraternity. The Low
ell lightweight has used it to great ad
vantage on hi? sparring partners at
Larkspur and many think he will be
able to wear Turner down with It be
fore the fight goes many rounds. Gard
ner is about ready to enter the, ring
now. He had a little trouble in taking
off weight, owing to the cold weather,
but hard work finally overcame this ob
stacle and now that his training is
about ended he appears to be about
right. \u25a0>-
Spocial Dlapatch to Tns Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bp«ctal Dispatch to Th* Can.
Jimmy Gardner's Work in
Gymnasium Convinces the
Sports That He Is There
Victor Ligda Looks Like a
Winner Till His Wrists
Weaken in the Pole Vault
Baby McLean's Absence From
the Line-Up Forces Deacon
Van Buren to Don 3iask
ALL HITS ARE TDIELY
Throws Her Eider Six Times
While Being Brought on
Track From the Paddock
Beats Orbicular and Sister
Frances After Galloping
Over Track Before Start
When Jockey Boland Urges
He Goes In and Takes the
Money Away From Honda
Good Cheer. Touted Strong,
" but Does Not Figure With,
Sterling Towers in Going
IS NOW UNDER WEIGHT
WINDED "0" LAD SECOND
They Play Together Like a
Bunch of Champions and
Beat the Giants 4 to 1
Black Demon From Stockton
Finishes Up His Training
and Is Awaiting the Gong
Oregon Boy by His Steady
Work flakes Great Eecord
in All-A round Contests
BROOKLYN GOOD
AT TWO MILES
LAST CHERRY
IS WITHDRAWN
TWO BILLS RUNS
AWAY AND WINS
FOUR CHOICES
GET THE COIN
CRIPPLED OAKS
RIGHT IN LINE
GAINS TITLE
OF CHAMPION
TURNER LOOKS
FIT AND READY
EDNA JACKSON LEADS RUNNIIG WATER BY TWO LENGTHS
SPORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, AUGUST' 3, 1905.
FREISSELL IS A WONDERFUL ATHLETE
SPORTS
10
; Old Sores are tlja resnlt of * deeply
'polluted, foul blood supply. -.Tho blood
is fjlle.d with poisons, and as it finds an
outlet through the ulcer, the surround-
ing parts become diseased and the soro
eats deeper into the tissues and flesh, and
becomes a permanent trouble.
' 'Some years aro while at work, I fell
over a truck and severely Injured both
of my shins. Sly blood became poisoned
as a result, and th* doctor told me I
. 'would have running' sores for life, and
that if they •were closed up the result
\u25a0would fee fatal. Under this diEOouragr-
ingTeport I left off their treatment and
resorted to the use of S. S. S. Its effects
were prompt and gratifTing. it took
only a short whila for the medicine to
entirely cuxe.up the sores, and I am not
dead as the doctors intimated. I would
be, neither have the sores ever broken
out again, and some twelve years have
elapsed since what I have described 00-
curred. Having been so signally bene-
fited by" its use I can heartily recom-
mend it as the one great blood purifier.
t Wheeling, W. Va. J. W. FUNDISi
Car* Schmulback Brewing C 0 ...
. Salves, powders, plasters, etc., do no
good, and the sufferer gets disgusted and
often despairs of curing an old sore. The
trouble is in the blood and until the poison^
ous matter that is keeping up the ulcer is
driven out the place cannot heal. S. S. S.
.reaches these old sores through c the blood
by removing every particle of poison or
impurity from the circulation and build-
ing tip the system. It makes the blood
' . ,v ' healthy so that
1 ( ened and the
PURELY .VEGETABLE, sore can heal
'\u25a0<\u25a0 \u25a0«. • naturally and
permanently. If -yon., have aa old sore
t>t ulcer do not waste time with salves,
; powders, plasters, etc.," but write for our
c book and ask for any medical advice you
wish. We make no charge for either.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga.
ROOTED IN THE BLOOD
OLD SORES
\u25a0MANHOOD!
For Men Who Have Lost It
Let any man who Is weak, broken down, old and decrepit In physical |
weakness, full of pains and aches, gloomy, despondent and 'Cheerless \u25a0
• any man who wants to be stronger and younger than he feela let him '3
come and tell mo how he feels, and If I say that I can cure him I -will H
forfeit $1000 if I faiL | •
I don't want money that I \u25a0 don't earn. I don't need It. and am not I '
after It. Rut lam after the dollars that are now eoinjc vrroajr In the 3
qneat of health. Look at all these poor wrecks of hnntantty that are ' I
spending all they earn on drus;* — dope that la paralysing their vital §j
ortcani— that have spent all they have earned for year* -without saining gl •
a pound of strensth for the hundreds ot dollars waited, '"I
That is the money that I am after, because for every dollar I talte I S
can give a thousand per cent Interest. I- have cured so many cases rfght Sk
here that. l can prove my claims to you. but If that proof Is not enough Sf
I'll give you the names of men right near you — where you are. Is that S
fair? . 8
Most of the Belts that lam selling now are to men who have been a
sent here by their friends, whom I have cured. I think that "is the bfest y •*
evidence that my business is a success from the standpoint of cures, as v
well as on the dollar side. • >| .
• Just lately I have received letters of praise from these men: *
James P. Daniels. 709 Devisadero street. San Francisco. He- was* g
cured of a back trouble of 12 years' standing. 53 .'
J. M.Gaskill. 220 Chestnut avenue. Santa Cruz. Cal:. who says«l cured M
him of Indigestion, Constipation. Nervousness and Lumbago. from-whi<;h ]!q
he had suffered 15 years. » £5 .
Wherever you are. I think I can give you.the name of a man in j»our ||
town that I have cured. Just send me your address and let me try. This 3
'. is my twenty- fourth year in the business of pumping new vim Into worn- S.
out humanity, and I've got cures In nearly every town on the map. Jj '
Come and see me if you can and I*ll ftx you up; or. if you ".can't call, tl
write to me. and I'll do the same. I've got a nice book on men that I'll m. -
send sealed, free, lf you inclose this ad. ,gv. •
lY** M C* A/I r> I «« - rrV* 1 5 *-• IW6 MARKET* STOK^T. &T
i-'TT- . . c ' T San Francl.ico.CaJ. . M
Office Hours— S a. m. to 8 p. m. -Sundays, 10 to 1. Not Sold In Drug Store*. M
gColusa — Prunes commencing to ripen, esti
mated about half crop; quality excellent.
Hanford — Grain crop good. Fruit crop about
ram« as last year. Prunes ripening: fast.
Llvermore — Weather favorable for crops and
hay halinjr.
Palermo— Olive crcp still continues to look
well.
Santa Maria — Pink beans reported mildewing
somewhat In thin Rnd San Luis Obispo County.
Stockton — Cool weather very favorable for
fruit: Hsrht Eastern shipments.
Clovcrdale — Melons ripening fast.
Napa — Grapes continue to do w«l| ,
GEORGE H. WILLEON.
Assistant Seeticn Director.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Matter* «f Interrxt to Mariner* and
\u25a0,?|*|jffi*|S Milpptutf .'Mrrrhnut«<.
To Load laimlter.
• The fhip Governor Robie. which raado port
*on Tuc-iday, wa« chartered prior to arrival
2VBWS OF THE OCEA.V.
W, schr Gamble, from San Pedro for Port
Gamble. \u25a0 '"\u25a0"
TELEC3KAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. August 2. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind- west; velocity 12 miles ncr hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS— Pasted Aug 2, 7 a m— Stmr
lanua. from Eureka for San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Sailed Aug I—Stmr1 — Stmr Jeanie, for
San F.ranclsco. ...... ' \u25a0
Sailed Aug 2— Jap stmr.lyo Maru. for China
and Jaraa: stmr City of Tcueka, for San
Trancisco, via Portland..*.
EUREKA— SaiIed Aug I—Stmr Gualala. for
San Francisco: stmr Prenties. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Nitvarro. for San Francisco.
Arrived Aim 2 — Stmr Eureka and stmr
North-Fork, hence July 31.
BKLLINGHAM— SMIcl Aug l~Schr John \
Campbell, for. San Pedro; Ger ship Nlxe, fcr
Capo Town. • -^
- ASTOHIA — Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Columbia;
hence July 31. :'\u25a0
Arrived Aur 2 — Schr Mabel Gale, hence
July. i:i; schr O M Kellogg, hence July 12
Sailed Aus; 2— Bktn Echo, for Taltal.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aus: 2— Strcr Alliance,
from Astoria:, etmr Newport, from Astoria,
and sailed for Bandon.
Arrived Aug 2— Schr North Bend, hence
July 19. .: ' • \u25a0
UMPQUA— Arrived " July ISO— Schr Lily,
hence July 18. . * •\u25a0 - : . . '.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug I— Schr
Lizzie Vance, from Redondo. .
TATOOPII— Passed in Aug 2— Stmr Ne
braskan. hence July SO fcr Seattle.-
Pasjod - out Atir 2 — Bktn Northwest, from
Port Blakcley for San Francisco; stmr Jeanie/
from Seattle for. San Francisco; stmr Tele
graph, from Seattle "for Astoria. , • .\u25a0
SOUTH .BEND— Sailed Aug I— Schr Prosper,
for San Pedro." . V \u0084 • .-"-
TPOINT REYES— Passed Aug 2, 10:30 a "m—
Stmr Alcatraz. from Needle \u25a0 Rock for San
Pedro. ' \u25a0: • ;
. SANTA BARBARA-rSalled Aug 2— Stmr
Bonita. Tor,, San , Francisco.
TO SAIL. -
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
j ; , 11 — j.
Aiurtircl 3. \u25a0 | I
: Elizabeth... ;Coqullle River [ 5 pm'Pler 20
I Nome City.. -Seattle Sk Tacoma. f. pmiPier 16
! Char. Nelson Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm-Pier 20
'\u25a0 Argo Eel Hiver Ports... 3 pm Pier 2
; Fan Mateo.. Nome & St.Mlchael jPier 19
i Pomona Humboldt !I:3op'Pler 9
: State of Cal. • San Dieso & Way.) 0 amiPler 11
' yueen jPugrt Sound Portsjll amjPler 9
Aiikiinl 4. |
Norwood ] Grays Harbor 1.3 pmiPier 2
Hiooklyn... Los Angeles PortsllO am|Pier 'i
| Atißnat 5. f 1
Fan Pedro... Los Angeles Ports. 10 amPler 2
I South Bay.. ILog Angeles Perts.i S ami Pier 27
1 Arizonan -Honolulu & Kahulul| 3 pmiPier2s
; I'cimo Pt Arena & Albion) 6 pmiPier 2
I M. F. Plant.: Coos Bay ' 4 pm|Pltr 11
j City Panama N. Y. via Ancon. .|l2 miPier 40
\u25a0 Aurelia Astoria & Portland 1 5 pm Pier 27
j St. Paul Astoria & Portland. !ll amlPier 24
NuMhlar.d.. AMorla & Portland] 3 pm Pier 27
AiiiciiHt 6. .'
[Eureka Humboldt ......... 0 am Pier 5
I s. Rosa Pan Diego & Way. 9 amlPier 11
Corona 'Humboldt l:3op|Pier- 0
j Bonita Newport .& Way... y am Pier 11
j Marlposa... TahiU v il amlPier 7
Au«ru«t 7. 1
! Roanoke Portland & Way.. 2 pm|PiT 5
Aii ens t S. ' '\u25a0 |
Breakwater. Coos Bay spm Pier 8
Cascade Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier' 2
City Putbla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Angruat 0. .
Curacao..-- Mexican Ports' 10 am' Pier 11
N. Fork Humboldt 0 amlPier 20
P. Kilburn.. Portland & Way..l 2 pm Pier 27
SeaJ"oam--- Point Arena 4 pmiPier. 2
Arctic HumboMt 9 am Pier 2
} Ausruxt 10. I
Sonoma jPydney A Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
Jeanie .Seattle & Taeoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia... jAstorla & Portland. 11 amlPler 21
G. Lindauer. Grays Harbor .... 1 pm!Pi«»r- 2
Cooa Bay..- San Pedro & Way.j 9 am Pier 11
AusruHt ii. |
Rainier...... Seattle & Bel'gh'ml 4 pm Pier 10
Coronado.... Grays Harbor ; .. .1 4 pm Pier 10
AiimiM 12. ' I
Ban Juan.*. •" N. V., via Anconil2 m Pier 40
Newburg.-- Grays Ha*bor .> ..| 2 pm Pier 10
Redondo.... 1 Astoria & Portland | 7 pm Pier 2
*.Ti)« oil bare- Santiago arrive here yeptcr
day Trom Monterey In tow cf the Spreckels
«ur Rellet.
'The v»s*c!s or. th* overdue list are quoted
for r»in£urance ac follows: Lafayette, 70 per
cent; Ked P.ocfc. 36 per cent, and the Port
Stanley. 6 cer oent-
'- -H. _
• Watrrfrant Xotrn.
'\ The -Merchajits' Exchange "departure" regis
ter on \h^ z>i*se noting the Bailing* of Tues
day clpt^ly rrif mbleß the flyleaf of the Johns, n
ierniir Btble. There eafied that day for vari
our coin oorfs the steamrr Breakwater, the
« schooner Ncv.ark and the (.team schooners
-Newsboy. Ntwburg and Scotia. Captain John-
Eon comrnan<!«< thi» Ur^akwat^r. Th« master
of ,lhe Newark in Cactain Johnson. Captain
'Johnson is the Newburg"s Fkipptr, and Johnson
llf captain cf the Newsboy. Tl)<? Scotia'e com
r.jander 1» Captain Johnann. And there sre
. oth<*s. but only five of th^m sailed from here
on Tuesday.
-Captain Johnaon Coei to Sra.
T'T.c Occidental end Oriental Steamship Com
pany > liner Coptic, Captain William Kinch,
t&iieA yesterday " for tbe Orient. She carried
•a full oaifio, tr^ature (moistly diver) valued
• £t <"40.5CT', and rather fewer pa'ff-r.jjers than
ui-ual.*Of thirty-four cabin passengers, twenty
ire tound for Manila. Matt cl the Manila
•jiebfeengers are *ither Government employes
cr ' r»-latlv*s cf - employes.
Arß<ng the Coptic 1 * passtaeera irera the
tollc wlna :
•..Kor Yokohama— T. Iwayaki. T. Momonoi, E.
Poor, Mrs. E. Poor, K. Yoshlkawa. Naga
caki—Frank" N M'.ver. Manila — C. A. U4ik
rer>, Mrs. C. A. I^-lknap. Miss Ketta <"arlln,
Frank L. Crone, C C FvlleT. Mr*. C. F.
<2e liny and son. Joseph T. Itanlon. Miss N.
*X*or)a Iluntor. Miss M. L"' Johnson. M>Uin
L: Mcnitt, Kilimun Perez, iE. G. liedlint-,
N. r. Fmiih.-J. M. Van Hook. Mre. J. M.
Van Hook. 11. 11. Wallace. J. «. Terser. T.
C Zschokke, Mrs. T. C. Zschokkc. Hong
\u2666ctins—Mrs. Brandt and inlant. Mrs. A. K.
JSi-jCgc^ Dr. Herrr.arKi Fahr!and"r, B. H.
XJer.rt?. Gait Ingram. £. Hramley Moore, Karl
potuier, A. T. Smith. Join at Honolulu- J.
U. J-anfi'.rj'.
Warn Oore Counted an I.«isl.
The naiv uaiciutr.a, wnicn on aib>- io, ia"*,
wcr.t ashore on Geese Inland. Alatka, and was
rft>crted a total loss, arrived here yesterday
locking as if she . had never known what
trouble was.. No lives were lost when th«
l»a!clutha stranded and part of ber cargo was
tavtd. When the \u25a0torn which had driven the
thlr. 1 amhor* r-learfd away it w«? found that
th" was aground on c. sandy beach. Further
ir.vptlgatlun showed that phe had escaped
taAaCM injury, and stei>s were at once taken
toward E<-uiug her afloat ugain. It was not
lint:! July 25 -that she, was dracsed . into imp
u-fctcr and lowed io Aiitalc. where she re
trained it*. i>orv ur.Ml three weeks ago. wlien
•N» saii*d tur <hie jx>rt -by way of Bariei.
ZeUnd. Fhe will be dr>-dock<d here and giv.-n
a thorouch overliauling.
<;«ctio Sail* for Orient
For th<S 'twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m. t
120 th meridian time: San Francisco, August
2. 1005: _^^'
~~K £ ~ ~n Z ~
STATIONS. |£l| 5 .'s° bS ?
. . | I : ' ; M
Clovcrdale 80 51 .. Clear
Colusa 20 ?»G .. Clear ."."." """
Eu r *ka toy ;,g .. cioudv is : \v "c
Fresno 94 C 2 .. clear' N 8
Hanford 00 56 .. Clear
Independence . . 02 72 . . Clear 'SE ii
King City ... . SO 52 . . Clear N ' Lt
Llverniore 7.'. 51 .. Clear
Lcs Angeles ... 74 rto .. citar SW 'in
Merced ....96-49 ..Clear
N«Pa 74 57 .. dear BW '.'.'.
Newcastle S9 fll .. Cloudy SW
Nr-n-mnn 94 55 .. Clear
Palermo 92 35 .. Clear s"" Bk"
Porten-llle ft.T 5? .. aear
Red Bluff . 90 62 .. Clear S\V io
Riverside Bfi Ort . . Clear
Sacramento go 52 .. Clear «S " ii
San Diego 66 C 2 .. Clear W 9
San Francisco . fi2 52 .. Clear W fc
San Luis Oblspo ftS 52 \u0084 Clear W 1°
Santa Maria . . S3 5.T . . i^ear
Stockton 81 5$ .. Clear IT!
Wednesday, August 2.
U S.stmr Madrona, Anderson, 40 hours from
v, fctmr Aurelia. Erickson, 70 hours from Port
land, via Astoria tis hours.
Stmr Eureka. Galightly, 108 hours from Se-
Stmr St Paul, Randall, 59 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 44 hours.
Sstmr Vanguard, Odland. 37 hours from ban
Stmr Roanoke. Dunham, 3^4 days from Port
land, via Astoria 70 hours, via Eureka 17
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, 65 hours from
Grays Hr.rbor; bound to Redondo; put in to
!and paseenrers.
Br ftmr Stanley Dollar, Bruce, 60 days from
Hongkong, via Victoria 0 days, via Ladysmlth
Stinr Siberia, Smith. 25 days' from Hong
kong-. via Yokohama 16 days, -via Honolulu 6
days.
ttmr South Coast, PauUen, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr feequoia, McClements, 72 hours from
Willapa Harbor.
Stmr National City, Hammar, 4i> hours from
San Pedro.
jiimr Argo Crimm, 24 hours from Eel River.
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen, 7.1 hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south; called In to land
passengers.
Stmr 1-ulton, Panzer, 2H hours from Fields
Landing.
I Etmr Maggie, Whitney, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Prentisß, Ahlstrom, 24 hours from
Eurnka.
Snip Balclutha. Wagner. 20 day» from AH
tak, via Barren Island 10 days.
Schr Santiago, Larsen, 10 hours from Mon
terey. ' •
Tug Relief, Marshall, 10 hours from Mon
terey, with sehr Santiago in tow.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, August 2.
Br stmr Cootie, Finch. Hongkong, etc; O
and O Steamship Company.
Br stmr Wellington, Cutler, Ladysmlth;
Western Fuel Company.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka; Pacific
Ccast Steamship Company.
Bktn Fullerton. Mackechnie, Honolulu, via
Port Harford; Union Oil Company.
Bktn S G Wilder, Jackson, Honolulu; 'Wll
llarrx. Dlmond & Co.
HAILED.
Wednesday, August 2.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolscn, San Pedro.
J Stmr Arctic, Nelson. Eureka.
| Br etmr Coptic, Finch, Honolulu and Hong
kong.
Stmr Vanguard. McLellan, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, San Pedro.
Stmr Sea Foam. Miller, Mendooino.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Santa Monica. Oleen, San Pedro.
- Stmr Brunswick, Kllefscn, -Fort Brass.
Stmr Westnort. Anflndsen. WestDort.
Stmr Argyll, Monroe, Honolulu via . Port
Harford. '
Bktn S G Wilder. Jackson, .Honolulu.
Bktn Fullerton, Mackechnie, Honolulu via
Port Harford, In tow of Argyll.
Simr Roanoke, Dunham, San Pedro.
Schr. Mary C. Campbell, Bodega. .
S:hr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. Bolinas.
Schr Jennie Wand. Christiansen, Grays
Harbor.' •
SPOKEN.
July 17— Lat 21 .N, long 23 W, Dan ship
Copley, from Antwerp for San Francisco,
July 17— Lat ' 20 N, long.lOW, Br ship
"Garsdale. from Shields for Oregon. ';
July 28— Off Eddy»tone lightship. Fr ship
David d" Angers, from- Southampton for Oregon.
June 6 — Lat 1 \u25a0N, long 2« W, Nor bark
Skcld, from Newcastle, Eng, for San Fran
cisco. '
Per stmr Siberia,* from ' China and Japan
Aug 2— July 27. 11:23 p m. lat 21 55 N. long
156 36 \V. stinr Korea, hence July 22 for
China and Jaiian.
July 81; 9:50 p ra—Lat S3 10 N. long 135 50
W, Ftm 1 " Alameda, hence July for Honolulu
July 31. 2:25 p m— Lat 33 4 IN, long 134 40,
ARRIVED.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. . From. | Due.
Ammon ; Hamburg & Way PortsjAug. S
! Curacao I Mexican Ports I Aug. 3
I Phoenix J Crescent City Aug. 3
M. F. Plant.... Coos Bay A: Pt Orford.|Ar»g. 3
It. Arena ' Mendocino &. Pt. Arena|Au 6 . 3
Porno j Point Arena & Albion. Aug. 3
Santa Kosa... 'San Diego & Way PorcS;Aug. j 3
IJonita I N'-wpoit &. Way Ports. jAug. 3
Corona i Humboldt i Aug. 4
Eureka \ Humboldt iAug. 4
City Puebla...' Puget Sound Ports. . . ,!Aug. . 4
J. *l:gKins. ...j Port Los Angeies TiAus. 4
Ca?c»«ie 'Portland & Astoria 'Aug. 4
I Norwood 'ban Pedro iAug. 4
! South 8ay...- 1 Portland & Astoria !Aug. 5
| San Pedro ; Grays Harbor (Aug. 5
I Earoda \u25a0 Iquiwue '. 'Aus. i>
; Jeanie j Seattle & Tacoma |Aug. 6
G. Lindauer. .\u25a0 Grays Harbor 'Aug. 6
North Fork.. -iHumboldt JAug. 6
Arctic .-illumboldt |Aug. -6
' iita Foaip &. Pt. Arena. Aut. H
I Breakwater...; Coos Bay |Aug. 6
Columbia. ..... 'Portland & Astoria 'Aug. 7
F. Kilburn .Portland & Way Ports! Aug. 7
Pomona j Humboldt !Aug. 7
s^iiii Juan i New York via Ancon. . . iAujr ~
Coos Bay. \:..-I?an Pedro & Way Pts.jAug. 7
State of Cal ... San Diego &. "Way Ft?.! Aug. 7
; Kuanoke.. ' Los Angeles Ports |Aug. 7
Del None \ Crescent J City \u0084 . . )Aug. 7
Argc | Eel River .Poits |Aur. 7
R&mier Seattle & .Bei:in?ham..}Aug. 8
Coronado Grays Harbor (Aug. h
C?r.»ralia [Grays Harbor Aug. 8
P.cdotido...-. --i PortUnd &. Astoria Aug. S
Hcroer .-i Gray* Harbor Aug. 9
Umatilla I Puget Sound Ports Aug. 9
Nevndan .-...:\u25a0.{ Honolulu & Kahului. . . Aug. 9
Peru New York via Anccn.. Aug. 10
Ch«s. Nelson. Seattle A- Tacoma (Aug. il
NVwburg | Grays Harbor lAug 11
f-t. Pau1...... ! Portland & Astoria. .. |Aug. 12
wueen Puget feound Ports lAug. 14
SSHIPI'I-Mi IXTKI.L.IUENCE.
Branch Hydrcgraphlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
Wednesday. August 2, VMS.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
v m Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
THURSDAY. At'G. 3.
Sun rises &•"*• JJJ-
Sunsets Llm S'-S*
Moon sets ....9:01p.m..
D ITlnlel ITime ITime 1 jTlme
v' J-Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. | Ft.
5 !H Wj |L W IHWI 1L W.
I ! Sfl tt l^ij— B:l- {•£ HI IS f:|
5 |2:04 4.9 U:19 O.S 1 3:05 6.4 9:07 1.7
aSi'?a sansi ta'fiK', %?$ &
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are slven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
Hay in the order of • occurrence as to time: tne
fourth time column gives the last tide or the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United Mates
roast Survey Charts, except when a minus <— )
«='ign precedes the height, and then the number
given i« subtracted from the dfpth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
WANT NOISELESS PAVEMENT .
IX FRONT OF SCUOOLHOUSE
iIP.S. GRAIN'S CONDITION'.— Mra. Fre,l O.
Cram, who was shot In nar borne. 623 Eddy
Btreet. either b> an accident or with suicidal
Intent. Tuesday night, showed signs o' iin
provprnrat In the Central Emergency Hospital
yesterday. Drs. Hill and I'lnkham. who have
< hargo of the woman's wound, consider her
qhans-cs of recovery good, unless blood poison-
Ing s-nould set In.
Supervisors Order Asphalt to Be Laid
on Harrison Street Between
Fourth and Fifth.
The Supervisors' Street Committee i
yesterday reported in favor of paving
with asphalt the roadway of Harrison,
street between Fourth and Fifth. The
Board of Works had recommended that
the block be paved with basalt blocks,
excepting the portion thereof in front
of the Whittier School, which was to
be paved with, cither asphalt or bitu
men, the entire work to cost $l«, 500.
The committee decided that the entire
block should have a noiseless pave
ment for the good of the school.
The committee requested the Board
of Works to submit a list of streets j
paved with cobbles which are to be re
placed with basalt blocks.
The request of the Board of Works
that $5000 be set aside to construct
stone walks in front of school build
ings was referred to the Finance Com
mittee. •
The committee offered B. Huth $2000
for a lot on Chestnut street near-
Kearny for the preservation of Tele
graph Hill.
LeutlM Slosey to Corporation.
A mortgage was placed on record
yesterday to secure a loan of $200.050
made by the Mercantile Trust Com
pany to the Watsonville Light and
Power Company to b« represented by
200 bonds of the paY value of. 51000
each, payable in thirty years and bear
ing interest at the rate of 5 per- cent.
The real and personal property of the
corporation is given as security for the
loan.
IJoputy Uecoruer* Are Blameless.
The two men who engiHeeieu me
scheme whereby Wllmot McFayl, a
Gualala chicken rancher, married Oliva
Hiirte. who decamped after receiving
$500 from him. as told in yesterday's
Call, were not deputies in the Record
er's office. The amateur marriage pro
moters arc employed by searchers of
records, and much of j their work is
done In thf office.
Sailed Auk 2— Stmr Santa Rosa, for* San
ANGELES-Arrived Aub 2—
Stuir James S Higglns. rrom San Pedro; stmr
Be?, from £an Pedro: Br simr t)lroda - from
Iq salied Auk 2— Stmr Jemes S Hlssln*. for
San Francisco. \u25a0
HUENEME— Passed Aug 2. 3 v m— Stmr
Curacao, for Sen Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Ju!y •«>— btmr
San Pedro, hence July 27. Aug 2— Sohr F M
Slar!«>. from Shanghai. .
POUT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 2-rßr balk
Hawthcmbank. from Port Tcwnsend
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Au* 2— s<ehrF King
Cyrus ami R C Slmle. from Grays Harbor.
Sailed Aug '2— Stmts Norwood and Shasta,
for San Francisco. '
VENTURA— Arrived Aug 2— btmr Asuncion,
from Penttle.. \u25a0\u25a0 •
Sailed Au» 2— Ftmr Alliance, for Eureka.
A BEHDKEN— Arrived Aup 2— Stmr San
Pedro, hence July 27; *chr F'M Slade. from
'. anS ' ISLAND PORTS.
-.MANILA— SaII'd July 13— Stmr Lewis Luek
enfcarh. for Singapore. -
HONOLULU— SaiIed Aup I— Bktn frmgard.
for San Francisco: pc«r Cecelia Sudden, for
(Jrays Harbor. - /- - , \u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0-..
Arrived Aus 2— U S (trrtr Solace, from Ma
nila.
FOREIGN PORTS
' FENANG— SaiIed July 21— -Bretmr Heath
bank, for Japan.
SHANGHAI— A rrived July 2O— Br stmr
Winnebaeo. for Fan Francisco via Moji. \u25a0
' SALA VERRY— Arrived Atur — Grr bark
Okela from Hamburg.
VICTORIA— Arrived Aup 2— Br stmr Em
press of Japan.. from , Yokohama.
. Memoranda.
FeY : *h'.r» -Balclutha—The > bark ServU had
net arrived at Karluk up to "July 16.
Per fMp Balclutha—July 2fi. 7. a m. lat.&t
44 ri. lons l-'!7 D3.W, passed .within Z.GQ yards
of fhir>'f mast pointed mast color, with -top
and rigging ; attached. '.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the interior of
California, generally fog along the coast and
cloudy over the plateau and Rocky Mountain
regions. Showers have fallen .along the Wash
ington coast and in Southern Utah and North
ern Arizona. Thunderstorms are reported from
North Head, Portland, Salt Lake City, Mo
dena and Flasstoft .
The pressure has- fallen over the Rocky
Mountain region and rieen along the coast.
The temrierature has risen over Eastern
Washington and fallen over the western por
tions of Oregon and Washington. In Other
districts the change has bien slijrht.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight Ausu»t 3:
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day morning, becoming fair; fresh west wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity— -Foggy Thursday
morning, becoming fair during the day; light
west wind .
Sacramento Valley — Fair Thursday; light
south wind.
San Joaquln Valley— Fair Thursday; light
north wind.
Ccast — Cluody Thursday morning, becoming
fair; fresh west wind.
Nevada — Partly cloudy Thursday.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecaster (temporarily in charge).
Gustav Scherf, driver St a pound
wagon, who was convicted of murder
in the first degree by a jury in Judge
Lawlor's court and given imprisonment
for life, was formally sentenced by the
Judgre yesterday morning, San Quentin
being designated as the place of con
finement. While in the dock Scherf
was laughing and joking with other
prisoners and deputy sheriffs. His face
clouded while sentence was being pro
nounced, but immediately after he was
all smiles again.
Scherf shot and killed Rudolph W.
Schultze In front of his residence on
Fifth avenue South on August 24 while
Schultze was trying to save his daugh
ter's pet dog from the pound net. The
murder raised a storm of indigna
tion throughout the community at the
time. It was the general belief that
Scherf would suffer the death penalty,
but the jury saved him from the gal
lows. It was thought, out of sympathy
for his aged mother, who sat beside
him during the~trial.
Mnrderer of Rudolph W. Schnltze
Lnusfas find Joke* In Dock With
Other Prlaoners.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at i-'ort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
»an, Moon and Tide.
SCHERF FORMALLY SEXTEXCED
TO IMPRISOXMEXT FOR' LIFE
(12Cth Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 2—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati 74-5S Philadelphia SO-.CO
Boston 62-58 New York 74-62
St Louis 84-66 Washington 7(5-00
Chicago 74-04 iPIttsburg 74-63
New Orleans 92-7S 'Honolulu, H. T... 82-74
SAN FRANCISCO 62-52.
THE COAST RECORD.
_™ - — - - —
a till a| |
3 3g33 <1 * n S
STATIONS. | ||| I|S |° I
• «***• • o
c s • • a
• 3/j : : : •
Baher 29.78 90 B2 S Pt.Cldy .00
Carson 2!>.52 82 54 W Cloudy .00
•Eureka 80.02 CO 5« NW Cloudy .00
Fresno .29.52 04 B2 N Clear .00
S.E.Farallon 30.02 60 '52 XV Cloudy .CO
Flagstaff 29.00 78 46 W Pt.Cldy T.
Independence. 29. 7« 102 72. SE Ciear .00
Los Angeles ..29.0S 74 60 SW Clea» .00
Mt.Tamalpais 29.99 65 67 W Clear .W
North Head ..29. 0S HO s«i S Cloudy .01
Phoenix 29.74 102 74 NW Clear .01
Pt Reyes L*t._ > 9.fiB 60 SI NW Cloudy .00
Po'catello 23.80 »2 CO S Pt.Cldy .00
Portland 29.n0 72 60 NW, Clear .00
Red BluH ...1'9. 50 90 (52 SW Clear .00
Ro.«eburg 29. W5 80 5« NW Clear .00
Sacramento ...29. 53 SO 52 R Clear .CO
Salt Lake 2'J.fcO 90 62 E Clear .00
San Francisco.3:>.C2 (52 52 W Clear .00
San L. Obispo.3o.C2 68 52 W Clear .00
San Diego ...29.9(5 «6 62 W Clear .00
Seattle 20.80 72 5C S Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane 29.74 92 62 S Pt.Cldy .CO
Crescent 2i>.«o <!2 54 W Cloudy .00.
Winnemucca. 29. 52 62 OS SW Cloudy .00
Yurua 29.74 10(5 70 SW Clear .00
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. | Destination. I Sails. >
Dolphin ! Skogway & Way Ports. Aug. 4
City Seattle... 1 Skag way & Way Ports .Aug. 4
Humboldt.... ; Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. S
Portland ' Cooke'lnlet & Way Pts Aug. 10 ,
Senator j Nome & St. Michael. .Aug. 10
Teffer^on .... j Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 10 .
SanlUteo.V.Jst. Michael & Fairbks Aug. 12 ,
Jtuase City. Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 2
Oregon Nome & St. Michael. .Aug. 13 :
Santa Ana.... Beward & Way Ports.. Aug. 18 :
Olvmpla Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 16.
Victoria Nome & St. Michael. ..|Aug. 17
SHIP BALCLUTHA. WHICH WENT
ASHORE IN ALASKA, BUT WAS
LATER FLOATED.
AVenther Report.
.Movements of Steamer!*.
The steamer Coptic sailed yesterday fot
Hongkong and way ports via Honolulu with
a jreneral merchandise cargo, valued at $412,-
W7, exclusive of treasure, and to be dis
tributed as .follows: For Japan. $313,647;
Philippine Islands. J52.997; China, $T»,733;
Korea, $1037; East Indies, $1101; Slam,
£>42' i. The following were the principal ex
perts:
To Japan — 2132 bdls 14 cs ieather, 100
f!a*k.« quicksilver, 338.270 lbs pig lead, 353
bales cotton. t>^2o os canned goods. 5350 Ibs
dried Iruit, 139 pkgs fresh fruits, 25 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 72 cs table preparations.
BOt lbs chocolate, 17.5U0 lbs sugar. 840 sals 4
ca wine, . I*7 gals whisky. 3 cs brandy. !»S!>
lt>^ ham 'and bacon, S4y 'lbs butter. 5215 lbs
dried fish 14 pkgs dry goods. Mi bxs paper.
3450 lb.« starch, 11 pkgs drugs, 32t5 crts sow
ing machines, 3o cs electrical supplies, -'5 bxs
glass. Si reels wire. 14 crts bicycles, 75 nkas
roofing material. ."!5" cs rubber scjds, 50 pkgs
machinery. 15 cs boots and shoes, 4 pkx's
wagon material.
To Philippine Islands— o2s bbls flour, 500
crts potatoes. 25 bxs fresh fruits. 1500 lbs mlll-
Etuffs, l:-m:.> Ibti bread, 20 cs grape juice, 32,11/
ibs bf-an^. 4U19 lbs hams. Cyi cs canned gojds,
IhCO lbs dried truit. 100 gals 6CV CM whisky,
14W tasks beer. Itis £als wine. t>575 ibs lard,
!\u25a0* pkgs paints. 3 cs arms and ammunition,
21 o* dry goods, 100 bales oakum, 27 rks»
w^gon material. 5 bdls wire;- 5 bales hose. 2
coils rope, 30 steel bars, Vl pkgs rubber
goods. 3.VS pkgs j>aper, lIS bxs soap, 58 bales
.paper bays. 13l< cs boots ar.d sbues. 9 rolls 7
c* leather. 1U pkgs machinery. Co pkgs agri
cultural implements, 4S cs electrical goods, 3
crts bicycles.
To China — (530 bbls flour. 1894 lbs cheese,
SGSiJ lbs ocas, 3612 lbs beans, l»0O lbs cod
flfrh. 2H cs table preparations 12>> lbs hops,
l^;u lbs 11 cs millstufTs. 1310 lb? 10 ca dried
fruit. 24tiS lbs ham and bacon. 232 pkgs fresh
fruits. 21- pkgs groceries and provisions, 14
ct salmon. 141 cs prepared fish. U75 ibs pearl
barley. 2 cs mineral -water, 1 cf champagne. 4
pkgs machinery. 1302 ibs ginseng. '1 us shoes,
3 pkgs roofing material. 1 cs drugs.
To Korea — 7 bbis flour, SCO lbs susar. 20
cs canned eoods. 53U ibs mlllstufts, 225 lbs
dried fruit. 0 pkgs groceries and provisions, 7
pkgs dry goods, 1 crt bicycles. S pkgs paints,
2 cs e.ectrical goods 3 bxs soap.
To East Indies — nK> cs salmon. 03 cs canned
goous 4LO gals wine, 1 cs shoes.
To feiam — 39 pkgs machinery.
The Coptic's Cargo.
The tank barkentine FuHerion was cleared
yesterday for Honolulu via Port Harford with
l."i.00O barrels of crude oil in bulk, valued
at f 21 ,000. The vessel will be loaded at Port
Harford. ,
The barkentine S. G. Wilder was cleared
yesterday for Honolulu with an assorted mer
chandise cargo, valued at $28,656 and includ
tr.R the following: 250 bbls flour, 3707 ctls
barley. 12S ctls wheat, 119 ct'.c corn, 2S.01!) lbs
bran. D 72 bales hay. 1743 Vjm peas. 2645 gals
wine. 475 gs!s> spirits. 75 •\u25a0:.< whiskey, 145
;>kgs" beer. 1161 gals vinegar. 10,045 lbs glu
toge, 10.C93 ibs :ard. 2550 lbs bread. 25 cs table
preparations 85 cs salad oil 22 ! > cs canned
goods. :U25 lbs sugar tO.OOO lbs rice. 22tn) lbs
tobacco. 58.1 ft hardwood, 272 pkgs paints and
oils. 25 cs matches. 14 bdls rooflne, 337 bdls
shocks. 552 pkgs furniture. 1 pkg machinery, ,
2 cs dry ?cx>d« 15 cs fuss, 16 rolls leather,
202 live hoes.
Mxporf* for Havrali.
for lumber from Puget Sound to Valparaiso
direct at 4<V The *r-hooner F* > arle?'= will load
lumber at Grays Harbor for Guaymas.
The Board of Public Works yester
day adopted the following resolution
with a view to improving the street
sweeping service: .
"Resolved, That the secretary be di
rected to notify A. B. Clute, contrac
tor, who has the work of cleaning the
streets of this city in hand, that he
must secure twelve additional wagons
and put in a req'uisttion for three addi
tional sweepers; and- be it further'
"Resolved, That the secretary notify
the Superintendent of Street Sweepers
to work half his force on Saturday
afternoons."
The street sweepers have been in the
habit of quitting work Saturdays at 12
o'clock under the half-holiday law. but
the resolution will permit of only a
half holiday every other Saturday.
The board adopted the plans for the
improvement of the approach to the
Santa Fe Company's Third-street
bridge, the building of a bulkhead and
sewer outfall and the filling; in and
paving of forty-five feet 'of the road
way at an estimated cost of $17,000.
The Harbor Commission will stand
one-sixth of the expense.
The board requested authority of the
Supervisors to build an engine house
on the House of Correction lot and an
engine house in the Presidio Heights
district.
Requisition was made on the Civil
Service Commission for ten laborers
to rebuild the sewer in Mission street^
between Second and Third.
The board denied the petition of the
Mission Theater for a license.
Bids were ordered invited on August
10 for grading and oiling Fulton street
from First to Twelfth avenues.
'The plane for the Sixth street sewer
were adopted and bids ordered invited
for the work.
ihe salary of John Foppiano, Chief
Sewer Inspector, was increased from
$150 to $175 per month.
The -City Engineer was directed to
prepare plans- for a retaining wall at
the Fourth-street bridge.
The paving of West Mission street
from Twelfth street to Duboce avenue
was ordered, at a cost of $1000.
Deputy Donovan was directed to in
vestigate the closing of Ophir and
Agate streets with pickets at Post
street.
The contract for the paving or
Valencia street, from Eighteenth to
Army, was awarded to the City Street
Improvement Company.
Owen McHugh secured the contract
for improving H street from Forty
fifth avenue to the Great Highway.
Bids were opened for the repair of
bituminous pavements in the district
east of Van Ness avenue and Twelfth
street, the lowest being Flinn &. Treacy
at $21,000. and for the district west of
Devisadero street and south of Oak,
the same firm being the lowest, at
$3U50. The oids were taken under ad
visement.
The Pacific. Mail Company's liner Si
beria, Captain. J. Tremaine Smith, ar
rivrd early yesterday- morning from the
•Orient* five and a half days from
Honolulu and two days ahead of her
schedule time". She r>rought 159 cabin
passengers, seventy-six of- them from
Honohiju. She brought thirty-seven in
\u25a0th-e. steerage, -and 2SI Asiatics. She
brought 57^1 tons of cargo, which in
cJnded 27,<97 packages of tea, 57SS bags
o£ rice and 459 bales of raw- silk. The
tiTk is .valued at about $300,000.
On" July 21, In latitude 31.51 north,
longitude 162.47 east, six days before
the.-Siberia reached Honolulu, the liner
niet the Manchuria carrying the Taft
p.arty 10 the Oriont. The vessels passed
' so. close together that it was almost
possible to distinguish faces, and a
noisy demonstration was made on both
vessels as the big liners passed and ex
. changed salutes.- After leaving Hono
lulu the Siberia met and exchanged
rijrnals with the Korea and the Ala
meda. Fine weather was encountered
thrwughoiit the voyage.
The Siberia brought to port probably
the most contented crowd of passen
\u25a0gers that ever crossed the Pacific on a
IVicifie Mail liner. There was no
crowding »n staterooms or dining sa
loon «md the weather was perfect. As
the Coptic occupied the Siberia's berth
the' Silver ia did not duck .until after the
Coptic's departure. Th>» Siberia's pas- i
tengcrs-were transferred in the stream
to tha tvs Arabs and as the tender left
tiie liner's side the passengers sang '
"For He's a. Jolly Good Fellow" in
honor of Captain Smith, who stood on
ihe gangway waving good-by to the
people he brought safely across the
oc«an. At the end of th% refrain the
passengers, among whom were many
pretty girls, gave throe cheers for the
tki; per and Uie girls cheered as loudly
&s the men. For the Siberia's smart
appearance credit is given to Arthur
O'Neill, the liner's executive officer and
oae of the most exacting housekeepers
in the service.
Among the liner's passengers were
she, following:
From Honskong-r-J. R. Powell Grant. Mrs. J.
R. Powp!l Grant, XT. F. Prlndle, A. S. Ander
sfn, Kcv. \V. M. Campbeli, Mrs. V. M. Camp
ben and Infant, Master Dwight Camjibell, Ira
Locmis. Mrs. TV. It. Carcpkir. and latent; F.
C"<j<». J. J. Peterson, Mies Mary Peterson. \Y.
Stewart, A. Brogan. Jirs. M. Ta^gart, K. F.
f::ppmaßa. Dr. J: Smith, Tom Wing, Wong Tin
liun. '
.Shanghai' — B. Belets-ki, Dr. K. Mou'.tanov.sky,
r>r. A. PolczcflE. Miss O!ga Tour, Mi?s Olga
Pa-vlowsky, Mre. E. •Seiobmoun, H. Goodfellow,
A. O. Morgan, R. I>jissing, tfsia. Ting Hsinß,
Chun Kor. Shon, Mrs. A. K_ Parker, It. G.
Peck. Mre. E. W. Kearoa, Miss M. Kearon,
M;fe O. Wickers. Professor K. t. Nystron.
• Nagasaki— J. C MiUSgan, W. S. Munson.
Kstbe — A. Rock. Mrs. E. Guggenheim ami
*cn,-Miss K. Ozaki, W. E. Jones, Miss Esther
L. Shields.
\u25a0 • • Yokohama— T. Inomata. M. S. Tarbell. M. B.
Zerener, C. H. MoCready. Mrs. C. H. Mc
<Ve£dy, Miss Nellie M^Crcady, Miss Edna Mc-
JLready, J. S. Rankln, M. Honda. C B. King.
'K. iieko: Mrs. K. Seko, B. Gaffgenheim, W.
Kelscn. Mrs. \V. Nelecn, Miss M. Rioch. Miss
M. H*.rfimat.siri, Miss Jane Gcldthwaite, W. A.
L«Tnont, Dr. O. D. Vail. Mrf. C. D. Vail, Mies
Laura Houghton, .Miss M. C. Houghton, J. C
P. Barlhol, F. D. Briggs, J. Elkintoa. Mrs. A.
B. Clark, Mrs. CL J. Bailey, C. W. liernhardt,
Mrs. "Florence Noel. Miss G. NoeL Mrs. H.
HoX F. Schmidt, W. F. M.'tctael), Mrs. W. F.
R. ShelforJ, Mrs. il. Roberts.
\u25a0 Honolulu — Mrs. P. L. Weaver. U. Abrams.
'SiT*. L. AJjramp. Mrs. W. O. Smith. M:;<k K.
Pmith, C. Smith. A. T. Brock, Mrs. A. T.
Er6ek and - infant, T. W. Hobron, Miss Gladye
liobroo. Mrs. J. A. Hopper. Miss M. Hopper.
.Robert Lewers. P. H. Dodge. Mrs. P. H.
Dodge. Miss M. E. Kellnc-r. E. Henrlgues,
Sirs. E. Kenriques, Miss E. Green. R. Catt-ir.,
Miss M. Paty, W. H. Smsth. J. B. Castle, J.
Kidweil, Mrs. G. G. Wood, Miss Wood. Mait«r
Wood. Miss A. Nakaole'.ua, Miss K. M.
cooke. Miss B. Hundi~y. A. V. Campbell, M.
UL O'Shaughnessty. M. Ro6tnberK, R. Rosen
berg. J. W. Donald. Mies A. W. Tucker, Mrs.
A. V. Barker. Mlfe Rhcxia Green, IK F. Isen-
N;rg. Misf- Dazengremel. Master Stewart Blue,
A. C. Bcwles. Miss F. Hall. Mrs. M. G. Barry,
Mrs. T. W. Hebron. Miss Hobron. Mrs. F. B.
"'."hitin, Mrs. J. 11. Henry. Mies B. E. Henry, |
k :.!:ss T. Arsa«?s, Miss K. Hr-aine, Miss A. I
Ogier. J>. W. Ross. Miss F. Yarrow, St. C. I
Bcyrea. O. Toepflmann, Captain William Mai- |
Frn. Mrs. \\illiam MatKor.. William Oregg Jr.,
Mi-s. WUlia/r.. Gregg Jr.. Miss L. Matson. Miss
Eaiii Gregg, Mies Ethel F^'snc s. M;£S B. GrtßK,
>liss t^. PcJmer. E. A. Bresse, L,. Wolnzhtimer,
? tiacne C. E. Puree. l, Stanley JXillar. J. F.
K:tut*ki J. E. Alexander. Master U. Brown.
Mrs. E. Car«'.n, Miss Maybui-g.
General Manager Calvin of the'
Southern Pacific Company has ordered
an examination of - the men employed
in every branch of the operating de
partment of the big railroad system.
The practice of subjecting employes to
a thorough physical examination at
regular intervals has been in force on
the large Eastern roads for a number
of years, where the results, it is claim
ed. Have tended to materially improve
the service. The coming examination
on the Southern Pacific system will be
the first undertaken on the Western
Harriman lines, and will begin In about
ten weeks under the direction of Chief
Surgeon Ainsworth.
Every man who has anything to do
with the handling of trains will have
to submit to the Inspection, which will
include a thorough test of the sight,
especially as to color sense, hearing
and the general physical condition. To
facilitate the examination special cars,
in charge of assistant surgeons on the
various divisions, will be sent over the
lines, stopping wherever convenience
suggests.
It is proposed to renew these exam
inations every three years and a care
ful record of every employe's condition
will be kept in the offices of the North
ern and Southern districts. When a
man enters the employ of the South
ern Pacific Company he has to undergo
an examination, but this will have no
particular bearing on the future exam
inations. The announcement has been
made that the surgical car, which the
Southern Pacific Company has had in
process of construction for a number
of months, will soon be turned out of
the shops. It will be used to attend
wrecks and other disasters that may
occur along the lines of the company.
The car is supposed to be one of the
best equipped In this country.
Plans Made for Improvement
of Approach to the Santa
Fe Company's New Bridge
Pacific 3fail Steamship Ar
: rives From the Far East
Two Days Ahead of Time
Physical Condition of Em
ployes to. Be Looked Af
ter by Company Surgeons
AWARDS BIG CONTRACT
Works Officials Call on
the Contractor to Improve
Street Cleaning Service
CALVIN, ISSUES OEDEK
Practice on Eastern Lines
to Be Introduced on the
Southern Pacific System
BRINGS A BIG CARGO
Passengers on the Siberia
and Manchuria Exchange
Greet ings Far Out at Seu
LINERS MEET
IN MIDOCEAN
BOARD AGAIN
AFTER CLUTE
WILL EXAMINE
RAILROAD IN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3,: 1905.
11
1 CAUFO^jAUM^^
iCHICAGO X |N 3 DAYS 1
8 Leaves Monday* and Thursdays ar Hi
:t:.';o a. m. with Di:iors and Sle«p«ry. S8
Other Santa *> Trnlu*; ' <v£,"
B : eoDm*i For Stockton. Fr*«no. .BattrsfleKt. I*
»:'aua. m-J Merced. Hanford and Visalia. •
4:W>p. m. For Stockton.
7:30 a. m. {' Direct connection for Vcsemlto
0:30 a. m. ',' Valley and the Bis Trees. »
«::Wa. m. I For Kwr.ua s City. Orand. Canyoa
«:oOp. ra. ' and Chicago.
0:30 a. m. ' For Oakdal* and potnu on 9lerra>
\u25a0 I Railway. i •
Ticket Offices^ — 633 Market at. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: dlso 1112 Brt>adway. Oak-
land. Cal.: also 27. South Flr»t. San Joa».
l^^%<^ra' Etc. .
!^*^^&*^r^S««. Via Sansarllto Ferry >#
SimURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Lepatt vvteu daya at 7:ti». 7:45. 8:23. '9:10.
8:50. ir;ooa. m.: W:2U. 1:45. 3:15. 4:35, at:li. •
6:50. «:30. 1:l\ 9:lo. 10:15 and-ll::<3 p. m.
Depart Sundays and holidaytt'at 7:13. 7:43. '
8:15. 8:43. 9:13. »:43. 10:13, 10:45, 11:13, ll:4J
a. m.; 12:15. 1^:43. 1:13. 1:43. 2:13. i:O. »:*3.
3:45. 4*15, 4:45 i 5:15. .1:45. «J:l3. 8:43 v T:l3.
(7:45 S:l3 for Sausalito «bUO. S»:w*. 10:15.
11:33 o- m. • . • .
For Fairfax, week days — 7:45 *,« ».. 3i14
p. m.. 6:13 o m. Sundays and hoMdaya —
7:45. 8:45. 9:13. 10:13. lt:W a."m.. 1:13 p.. m. •
THROUGH TR'AIX*. : ..
7 :43 a. m. daily— Cazadeio *nu way station ». *
9:15 a. 00. Sundays and HoliJays— Point '
Reyes, «tc.
3:15 p. m. dally ««seept Sunday>— For Caw-
dero. «tc. * • _
6:15 p. m. <ercep» Sunday) — For Point •
' 8:15* P. tri. Sundays and Holidays for Cai*-
daro. «tc. .*.' '>
TICKET OFFICE— «O U«lt«t st. •\u25a0 •
yERBY — Union Depot, foot of. Marftet tt.
Weekly Call
ONE' DOLLAR PER YEAH. Hi
IALirORNIA fORTB WESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Ferxj-. Koot of .Market Street.
SAX FRAXCfSCO TO S.\>r RAFAEL.
"AtEK DAYS — T:3O. S:0«. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 23V, 4:W). 6:lu. 5:30. «:3O and 11:30
-p. m.
Saturday?— Extra trip »t 1:30 p. m.
SrxiJAYs*— 7:"o. S:OO. 9:00. j»:30. 11:00 a. m.:
I .3d. 2:C!0. SMO. 3:10. 8:^0. 7:23. 11:30 p. rfl.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WhtK uAlfs— t:C3. 6:30. 7:23. 1:50, B:2u.
S»:^0. 11-lSa. m.: 12:00. t2: 00, 3:40. 3:oo.
5:lO. 6:-3. 6:-U p. m. Saturday*— 'Extra
trip al I :4.*> p. m.
St'NDAYS— «!:io, 7:55. S:2O, 9:20, 11:13 a. m.;
1:43. 3:40, 4:30, 5:00. 5:20. 5:23. 6:20. i:sw.
7-S6 p. m. tExcept Saturdays.
Lnrave I In Krlect I Arrive
San Fran. I May 1. IaOS. | San F*ran.
We^k I Sun- I UestiKi- | Sun- I Week
Days. ( gayg. I tlou. t days, f Days.
| 7:50 a 7:15 a 7:45 a
7:30 a sou a - 8:40 a 8:40 a
t>:loa 0:10 a
>:00a "J.SOa Icrnaeio. 10:2O a 10:20 a
' 2-.::d;> 2;jo r <S:oop «:»>p
! 4:ltOp
\u25a0 &:)0p l:I5p 6:20 p T:2O p
I 7:20 p
; t 8:50 p
; :«oa| 7::Joa[ Napa. \u25a0 1 y :10 a! 0:10 a
4:(«>pt. S:lopt , . I 6:20 p| 6:20 n
i:»a ":ooa | 7:45 al 7:43 a
s:Ciia hWa Novato. |I0:2O a 10:LH> a
2:.".0t. U:-Joa >'et?luTna ie:2Op rt:2O p
6:10 p 2:«> p and J 7:20 p 7:20 p
.*:lOp| Santa Kosa. (S:3Op|
7::iO« .7:iO«j.- - •10:2l>akl0:20 a
t«:(iOB S:COa Fnltcn. I 7:20 p «:2Op
•j::u; p a::;o pj \u25a0 | s:iO p 7:20 p
\u25a0 . . \u25a0": ' Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a H«aldsburz. I0:2OalO:ZOa
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:SOp Geys-erville. T:2op 7:20 p
Clov«rdal*.
7::sOn| 7:30 al Hopland ilO:2oaiW:2t> a
2::ti>Pt 2:^o pi . and Uklah. ) 7:20 p| 7:20 p
I I . - Willits. I |
7. •Wai 7:^.0 \u25a0•> I Sherwood. | 7:2opj 7:20 p
HiOitbl 8:00 at Guernsville knd '10:20 a! 10:20 a.
2r30 pi iiSOpl Can:|. A'acation. t S:sop| «:20 p ;
s-ooaj b-ooai ! B:4Oa| S:4oa
5:10 pi »-r.ftaj Siir.crna. j «:CO p 6:20 p
I r,:l');.f «~,l>n T'lien. f S:sOp(
7:»la,*7:3w*; ' |10:2Oa!lO:2t> a
2:."0p 2:^o p SebastopoU f 7:20 p| 0:20 p
.VlOrl SHOP 1 I 1
STAGES connect at Santa lies for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark Wtst Sprinss; m
Fulton for Burke'n Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skargs
fcprlngs: at Cloverdale Jor th* Gtyaers. Bc-one-
vlll« and Greenwood: st Hcpland for Duncan
.SprlnKS. Highland Fprlags. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Scd.i Bay. Lakeport and Bartlef
iiprlnes: at Ukcah for Vlcby Springs. Saratflxa
Sprinxt. Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lai*. Wltt'-
?pringa. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley
John Day*. LlerleyV. Hullville. Orr-a H oi
Springs^ Halfway Hou«. comptche. Hopklna
Mendudno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal- i
at WHllts lor Hearst and Sawyer; at Sherwood i
lor Westport. Cshto. Covelo. "Laytonvflle. Cam- i
mtra. \u25a0 Bell's* Spring*. Harris. Olsens, Dyer ''
Garberv-.lle. Pepp«rwood. Camps. Scotia and
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate* .
On Sundays — Hound-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket otfie*. «30 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. AGLER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. . G«n. Pa»» Ant.
<Vlt.Tamalpais Railway
iT.gaafnansw-t^gggkg. I lr. Saa fnaciiw
-"-• 7:4s>.^^^^3 11:32 a" UkTsT
9:o(i A S:'»sa %?^S? 1:02p 3:r»sp
l:<sp IO:15a 2:32r 6:32p
sjHrij'l2:4sp >3Kr 5:02p fataxiiT"
Cnlr S:lsr Itgai Vgdi^p 6:3Sp Only
4:3. ip 3:45r fct Smfay Tut B:3^p lt:2sp
•S^Mi 63 ° MARIraT ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
} and Sausauto Feiuiy, Foot Market Sfc
RAILWAY TRAVEL. . .
Traln*lf>aT« md artdia
ygJ^jgX to arrive at ". •„ .
n^Si^n SAN francisco;
vJul^iy I Fbom Jcxs 25. 19C3. -
Vtf^§\y Te-iht Diror
(Foot of Market SttwCy^ *
"*ti- MAIN LINE, —AKana •
7.ooAElmira,Vac«Tiiie, Winters. Blunter JMi»
7.00 a Richmond. Benlda, Sacramento, * «
_.. SttUua and Way Stations 7^8l»
7.40 a Yallejo, N«pa, Callitoga, Santa *
•"-'\u25a0' Ro*a, Martinez. San Ramon B-030
7.4oaXll^s, Pleasaaton, Llvurmore,
_„ Tracy, Latfirop, Stocttoo , 7^t^ *
BCoASln.it* Exprest— (Via 5«tU),
WliiUms, Willows, trrnto. Red
Bluff. Portland, Tacoma, Seattle. 7.43* •
8-OOa Cavii. Wootlland. KnUbt»L»adlns, ' .
MsrysTtlle. OroTflle. _.. * 7.43P
8-20.4 Martinez. Antloch. Bjron. Tracj^ •\u25a0 .
t \u25a0 Stockton, Newman, Los Basot, :. * 3 * '
Vl»alt». Porterrllla i rSR '
820a Port Costa. Lathrop. Merced. Mo- ' *•**?
deato. Raymond. Treano, Haa- " •
ford. Vlsall*. BafcersHele!. *....... 4.45»
8.40 a Xlles, San Jose. "Utermore, Stock- ti»'»
ton (tMllton). Valley Sprlngr. ' . • '
lone. Sacramento, , PlscerTllle,
Colfax. Marysvllle. Red 81uff.... 44J3P '
8-40a Oaiaale, Cblneae. Jtmeitovn, * ** *\u25a0
Sonera. Tuolmnne and Ancl»... 4C3s»
9TOa Atlantic EipTes»— Ogden and E»»t. 4-28P
940 a Klcbmocd. Port Coat a. Martfaei
indW.ir Station* (*Conconl) .... 6.48* . -
1 0.20 a Vallejo, Dallj. "Napa. Sunday Only -7.48 i»
10-20aLos Angeles Passenger— Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron, Trccr, \ •*«
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore, "Vlsalla,
. Bakersfleld. Loa Angeles. ....... 7-08*
10.20a El Paso. Sansaa CS:j. St. Loals mnd ,
CMcago :..- - 7.CBs»
n.COATIie Overland Limited — Om'aaa,
ChlCdfCO.DcnTer. Kansas Cltj-... 5.48» •
11.43 a Nlles. San Jose and "Way Stations. 243? .
ti.QOP Sacramento Hirer Steainws ttl,OC» .
O-40P Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento, . • .
"Woodland, Knights Landing. •' . '
Mar7»Tllle and OroTtlle ,i ... in. 484
3.4opnayward. Xtles, and Way Stations 7-48a> .
4-OOp Vr\llejo. Martinez, San n»mon,
Xapa. Callstocrs, 'Santa Rosa ..;.. 9.23 a
4.oopXlles, Tracy. Stockton. L0dL... ... 1023 a •
4.4oPHaywnrd. Nlles. I.rrlnston. Sant t3.48A .
> Jose, LlTermoro > til. 43a
5-OOPThe Owl Limited — Newman. Loa \u0084. ."
Banos. Mendotn, Fresno, Tatars. .
\u25a0 Bakersfle!d. Los Angeles 8.48 a j
B.QOp Cblcago and St. Louis Special— Et
Paso, Eaosas City. St. Louis tad
Cnlcago 8-434
tS^OpHaTward. 'Nlles and San Jose 7.08 a •'
6-20P Vallejo. Port Costa, IJenlcla, Snl-
f snn, Sacramento _i..... 1123 a
6-00p Eastern Xx press — Omaba, Chicago, '
DenTer, K«a«a«-Clry, St. Loula. ." '•• *.
Martinez, Stockton. Sdorcmento,
Reno. Sparks. Montello. Ojdeo .. 12.43P
6.2oPHayward. Xilcs and San Joip 9 43.\
7.ooPReuo Passe nzep— Port Costa. Be-.
nlcla. Sulsan, Elmlra. Dixon, . \u25a0••' ;
Davl3,S&cramento. Sparks, Tono-. . .
pah, Goldftald aadKceler _ " 7. 03 a
7-40PPort Costa, Marttnez.Byron.Tracy, ••
1 Modesto. Meriied. Fresno 1208P \u25a0
7.4CPToscmtte and Marlpora Blfc Trees
(via Uaymourt-Wawona Uoute).. . 8 43a •
7.4oP Vallejo, Sunday onlj 1t.28A
B.2oPOregon it CalUurnla.Eiprens— Sao \u0084 .
1 ramento. Marysvtile. Reddls?. \u25a0•' I"
, Portland. Pn get Sound and East. 8.48 a •*
B.OOpHayward, Nlles and San Jose (Son- "
dayonly) IT 1.43 a
COAST LINE <.iarr«^ tiaa^).'
(Foot of Market Street.)
*7^43a Santa Cruz Excursion (Sunday , •'
only) : S-ISp . •
1.1 saNewark,a Newark, Centerrille. San Jose. , \u25a0
Felton. Bou'Jer Creek, ' Santa
. Cmz end Way Stations .- B-55P
t9.lsAKeiTwk, San Jose, Felton, Boulder * *
t Creek, Santa Cruz \u25a0 t7-B9P
t2.lspKewark, CenterTllle, San Jos*, •.-•*.
. Xew Almaden. LosGatos. Felton,
Boalder Cr«ek, Santa' Craz aad •
Principal Way Stations ....* 1053 a
4.1 5 P Newark, Saa Jose, Los Qitoi,
wrlxht tB55A*:
4.lspSatarday and Sunday for Feltoo,*
Boalder Creek. Santa Crnz 58.55 a
\u25a0 COAST LINE (Broa«l «an*ej. ;
tW (Third and Townaend Streets.) • . \u0084
6.10 A San Jose and Way Stations..; 6-30P \u25a0
t7JSOASan Jose aad Way Stations 6.40p \u25a0
7.1 saMonterey.a Monterey. Santa Cruz Excursion . •
(Sunday only) » lO.IOp,
B.ooa JTew Almaden (Tues,. Frl., only).. 4<lOP
B.ooa Tbe Coaster— San Jose. Salinas, '•
Saa Anlo, Paso Robles. Santa. .
Margarita, baa Lnla Obispo, *' . i
Guftdalupe. Gavlota, Santa Bar- \u25a0
bara. Saa Buenaventura, Oxnard,
Burba Die. Loa Antfeles .\u25a0 10-30P -
B.ooa Gllroy, Holllster, CastroTllle, Del ." 3
Monte. Pacltlc Grove, Snrf,
Lompoc.. ....." 10.30P '
9.00 a Saa Jose, Tres Piaos, WatsonTtlle.*
Capltola. Santa Cruz, Pacific *. .*
Grove. Salinas, ban Lais Oblspo *
and Principal Way Stations.... „ 4-10P
t9-00ALoa Gatos, Wrieht. Boulder Creek, • •
Tla Santa Clara and yarrow *. ,
Gang« .-. t7.40P '
1030ASan Jose aad Way Stations % I.2CP
11.3UA Saa Jos« and Way Stations.., t 7.40P
2.1 spSanp San Jose and Way Station* ........ 8-38 A
t3OOPUeI Monte Express— Santa. Clara,
San Jose, W.ttsonvUie, Santa
Cmz. Del Monte, Monterey • • 3 ..
Pacific Grore.. tl2-15P
t3-00P Los Gatos. Wrl--Ut, Boulder Creek.
Santa Craz, via Santa Clara and • . •
Narrow Gauge •• 1045 a ,
3.3QpSoutn San Francisco. s*aa Jose.
Gllroy. Holllster. Tres Plnos, .
WatsonTtUe, Cjpitpla.iantaCruz, '
Sallaa*. Monterey. Pacißc Grove. 10.45 a
4-3QpSan Jo*e and Way Stations t7.55A
t5 COPSanta Clara, Saa Jose, Los Gatoo, ' -•
Wright a: f9.nOA •
S5-30P San Jose and Principal Way Stations - 59.4CU
6.4spSuuset Express— Redwood", San
Jo*c. Gllroy, Salinas, Paso
Robles, San Lu2a ObUpo, Santa >'
Barbara. Los, Angeles Demlsg,
El Paso, Xew Orleans 9-10 a *
5.45pE1 Paso. Kansas City, St.- Lonla. . >
Chicago 7. i0.30p .
6.4spPaj<iro. WAtsonvtlle. Capltola,
S.iata Craz. Castroville.. Del \ tin.lOP
Monte, Pacific Grove \ t10.30P
tB-15PSaa Mateo, Beresford, BelmonU- - . *
San Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks. • -
Menlo Park. Palo Alto +S-4Sa <
6-30pSan Jose and Way Stations..... ... 6.38 a
8-OOP PaIo Alto and Way Stations : 10.15 a
1 1.3 DP South S*n Francisco. "Mlllbrae. Bnr- " i
llngame, San Mateo, Belmont, •'• . *•
San Carlos, Re<Twood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9-45p
ii^OPSatnrdays only for Mayfleld. Moun-
taln View, Sannyralc. Lawrence,
Santa Clara aad San Jose ..'......• t3-45P
OAKLAND HARBOR t ERRY •/ i
(Foot of MarKei St.> . •
1 7.1 S a. m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
' 1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5.1S P.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon! *
tSanday exeepted. tSundaj only. . '
ft Monday only. .
. j Dally, aad stops at all stations oa Sunday. . . •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1905.
12
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Eve. class; patterns cut 1190 Market st
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleatinc. Stew-
art's button ft buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAI-
AMERICAN School for Opera and Drama —
Places graduates through the Theatrical Ex-
change in Europe and America: vocal (Italian
method); opera, drama, concert, vaudeville,
sketches, plays, songs and music written. Tel.
East -1461. Mme. Jenny Ward Hays, director;
Mme. Tregear. bus. manager. 1225 Geary st.
WESTERN BUSINESS COLLEGE. 12S1 Mar-
ket ft. — Terms $S per month; $40 6 months;
thorough course; in order to demonstrate our
superior method of teaching will give one
month's tuition free; success assured.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law, medical colleges;
refs., Pres. Jordan or any Stanford prof.;
summer session begins June 5. Ph-elan bldg.
ALL who desire good positions should attend
this college; we have had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege. 73S Mission st _^__
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. CoL ; Cal. B. C. stu-
dents with us; stenographers trained: posi-
tlona secured. 925 Golden Gate. Webster & Co.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE has removed to larger quarters at 033
Market St.; best location in city;' catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post st. S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
BOOKKEEPING. Enff.. math., etc., day and
«v«.: individual lnstr. 305 Larkin st Prof.
T. A. Robinaon. formerly pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st
Established 1863; largest in the West; an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circular.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ere.; est. 1864. Van
der NalUen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
WESTERN Bus. College. 1281 Market st;
thorough com. course by experts. Catalogue.
GIRLS and boys wanted; operatic and dramat-
ic work. 1225 Geary st; phone East 4461.
CORRESP., eve. school, drawing, strength ma-
terlals.des., graphostatlcs. math. 20 Hartford.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing: all branches. 1412 Polk st. nr. Cal.
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2120 Cal.
St.; fall term begins Monday. August 7. 1905.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGe"m~. "sTK^U^E^u^cessoTTo^George
Aoki, oldest and largest Japanese and Chinese
employment office, 421 Post st. ; phone Bush
ISS; promptly furnishes all kinds of help.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. office fur-
nishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. SAIKI. 4C5 Post st; tel. James 601.
STAR Employment Office — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell st; tel. Main 1751.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chineee help. 428 Powell st ; tel. Main 5752.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton st.; tel. Bush 859.
Finest Japanese help; house cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kuciabe. 343 Mason; tel. Jamt-g 5251.
AN old estab. (1S50) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG'S, removed to 51S Pine; tel. Grant 156.
H. W. HONG. 1113 Clay st; Chinese employ-
ment office; best help. Tel. East 42C.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE, Chinese help of all kinds furn-
ished; house cleaning. "03 Taylor; James 7636
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN lady, good plain cook, wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper, city or country. Call
between 2 and 4 p. m., 360 First., corner
Harrison.
NEAT, reliable young lady wants position in
private family; second work and sewing.
51SA Natoma st.
A LADY wishes a position as housekeeper;
good cook; 6trtctly reliable. Call 11 Leaven-
worth st. near McAllister. Tel. Mint 1445.
A RELIABLE woman (Is good cook) wishes
a situation to do housework in private fam-
ily. Address 912 Howard at. . t>v.-'t >v.-'
COMPTENT woman wants a situation; house-
work, cook and laundress; city or country.
Address box 7709, Call office.
AN experienced, reliable chambermaid wants
work in rooming house In city or country
hotel. Box 7707. Call office.
GIRL wishes place for housework and cooking.
Please call at 39 South Park; no oostals.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework;
wages $20 to $25. 67 Clementina st.
A YOUNG Danish girl wishes to do general
housework. Call at 453 Bryant st.
COOK for parties or by month; first-class
German references. 1410 Larkin st
WANTED — A thoroughly experienced public
school teacher wishes to coach school chil-
dren of any grade for examinations or in
regular school work; nervous, delicate or
backward children a specialty: terms reason-
able. 512 Jones st; phone East 8995.
A YOUNG Norwegian woman wants a situa-
tion where she can learn to cook, either In
boarding-house or private family; moderate
wages expected and tanltary sleeping-room ;
no washing. . Call or address 1345 Howard st
MIDDLE-AGED Hngarlan woman wants posi-
tion in private family for general house-
work: is a flrst-class cook; also address or
caU ICO^j Eleventh st
DANISH girl wants situation; general hquse-
workj Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda: wages
$25. Address E. BOES. 048 Hampshire st.
S. F.. or box 7696. Call. -.KV-
DRESSMAKER— FIrst-class: will have a little
time during August: terms $3 per day. Box
7730. Call; or telephone evenings East 3655.
GIRL wishes to do | housework; wages $20.
Please call Wednesday or Thursday. 18
Woodward aye.
WOMAN wishes work by the day washing,
ironing or housecleanlng. 1206 Clement st.
near Thirteenth aye.
REFINED young woman. 4 years' experience
as cashier, wants position. C. T. KREUT-
GKR. 239 Geary gt.
GERMAN woman wants position as a house-
keeper. 567 Thirty-sixth aye.. Richmond
District. j
COMPETENT girl wishes to do - general
housework and cooking in a family of adults.
Box 4053. Call. ;__
SWEDISH girl wants- place: housework and
plain cooking. Call Monday. 225 Fourteenth
Bt. near Mission.
A LADY wants work by the day, washing and
house cleaning. Please call 11 Erkson court,
oft Post st. near Devisadero.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker will make, suits;
$5 up; good fitter and remodeler. 433 Golden
Gate aye.
COMPETENT Oerman lady wants position to
travel with family to Europe as infant's
nurse. 731 Fulton st - :'
LAUNDRESS wants work ' by the day. 743
Folsom St.; phone Red 577.
YOUNG lady stenographer; Smith Premier; 2
years' experience; references. Box SOl9. Call.
LADIES' home work. 967 Mission st. room 28.
A COMPETENT cook desires a situation.
706V4 Birch aye., off Buchanan.
EXPERIENCED lady from the East would
like charge of rooming-house. Box 7895, Call.
JAPANESE girl wishes place to do housework
or nurse to child. MISS T. YASUI, box 7782.
Call office.
JAPANESE schoolgirl wishes situation in a
small family. L. N.. box 5039. Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
FINE entree . cook open for engagement: Is
first class. I,!'""-'
First-class confectioner desires position.
Cook and wife desire positions In country; no
objections to camp; are both first class.
Call room 318, James Flood Building.
BARTENDER (young, married) would like
steady position In country; best of refer-
ences. Box 7506. Call office. - \u25a0
BY a Ftronc. sober, steady young man, any
kind of work In city; references. Box 7713,
Call office.
COOK, steady man. wants position in board-
ing-house or small restaurant J. W.
DRUMM. 149 Third st.
EXPERIENCED wood good worker,
wants job; anywhere. Box 7710, Call office.
WHOLESALE house position wanted: any-
thing; Eastern man. age 37; 14 years* prac-
tical business experience; strictly temper-
ate: references. ; Box 7C28. Call.
WANTED — Position by experienced stenog-
rapher and office assistant; references; mod-
erate salary. 'Box 7(551. Call.
YOUNG carpenter; 3 years' experience in the
trade with tools ia looking for a position.
\u25a0 Box 762 V. Call.
Rnomlngr-Houseii and Hotels for Sale.
! ' zz=~
I MARION GRIFFIN.
l •_-.\u25a0' • ' - -.;.'• , ' \u25a0
970 —.Market — 'fit" — room — SOl — Eighth
floor — James — Flood — Building — opposite
"The— Emporium." — Phone -r Main — 3343.
Modern — Business — Methods. — ROOMING
and — APARTMENT — Houses. — Abstracts
furnished. — All titles — guaranteed.
Our — Ellis — St. — Entrance — Is
'\u25a0'•' . — Opposite — ': .
—THE — GOLDEN — WEST — HOTEL—
—TAKE — THE — ELEVATOR-
OFFICE BUILDING.
—WELL LOCATED—
24 rooms — Profit monthly, $150.
Price $1800 — EASY. TERMS. —
MARION GRIFFIN.
970 Market st.
HOME
FOR RICH TOURISTS.
29 rooms. 28 rooms.
—NEAR GOLDEN GATE PARK—
$80 rent; has cleared $64 each month for S
years; furnishings coet $2000.
Price $1200— Easy terms.
MARION GRIFFIN. 970 Market st
LITTLE Apartment House— 2l rooms.
Near the widely known "Emporium."
Owner has left the city; will sell cheap.
$650 takes it; $200 down and installments
of $10 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN. 970 Market st.
222 Rooms —
— 222 Rooms —
— 222 Rooms.
SWELL APARTMENT HOUSE, opened last
year.
BRIGHT and NEW and CLEAN.
— 3, 3 and 4 room suites —
BEAUTIFUL
and *
EXPENSIVE •
FURNISHINGS.
$700 profit monthly g-u-a-r-a-n-t-e-e-d.
—LEASE for 8 years— .
Centrally located; only 7 blocks from JAMES 3
FLOOD BUILDING.
The Business Center of the City.
It is a HIGH-CLASS HOUSE
— and of course — :
EXCLUSIVELY for sale by
MARION GRIFFIN,
THE AGENT
970 MARKET ST.,
Opp. "Emporium."
Ellls-st. entrance
' Oppoeite the
Golden West Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS PROPOSITION.
CO rooms.
SPLENDID
—NEW AND MODERN—
BUILDINO.
NEW and ELEGANT FURNISHINGS.
— Rent $5 per room —
Lease A. D. 1905 to A. D. 1910.
BANKABLE SURPLUS
—$198 In July—
—FINE LOCATION—
EXCLUSIVELY for sale
— By—
MARION GRIFFIN.
970 Market st
OR • (Read slowly.)
Would you like a 60-room house, well es-
tablished, doing a nice business and now of-
fered at half price for CERTAIN PRIVATE
REASONS, which — • will — be — explained
to — the — buyer?
PRICE $3000 (cost $7300); easy terms.
JUNE SURPLUS $236. JULY SURPLUS $211.
Exclusively for sale
PBy THE AGENT,
MARION GRIFFIN.
-
SUTTER. STREET \u25a0 14 rooms
CORNER HOUSE — 14 rounn
CORNER HOUSE— I 4 rooms
14 rooms
$50 rent 14 rooms
i — PRICE $100—
5200 — down — and — time — on — $2CO.
S2OO — down — and — time — on — $200.
—AN ACCIDENT TO—
—THE LADY OWNER—
—CAUSES THE GRE^T SACRIFICE— .
HER LOS 3 IS YOUR CTjCIN. v you do not
delay until some one else snaps It
. MARION GRIFFIN,
870 Market, opp. Emporium.
$250 SPOT CASH
— Buys 11-room house—
COLD
WATER -In each room —
4 blocks of Market; rent $30; price $250.
—PROFIT $30 each month—
MARION GRIFFIN.
070 Market* st
"SUNSET" PEOPLE, ,
SIT UP '\u25a0 AND TAKE NOTICE.
We want a lot In "Sunset District" or a
small farm worth $2250 within 50 miles of
San Francisco
—IN EXCHANGE .FOR—
A highly respectable, well-located rooming-
house doing a good business; cleared $1027 In
Us last year.' .Lease on house .for 4 years.
The house U free of lncumbrance. so must be
i the lot or farm. The house is well furnished
\ and full of permanent roomers. ' '
—MARION 'GRIFFIN—
— 970 Market at — -
— Opposite "The Emporium." —
I TRANSIENT house of 14 rooms on O'Farrell
ist.: furnished most beautifully 4 months a*a
Roominc-HoHsiM and Hotels — Continued
at a cost of $1800; offered for $1250 to make
QUICK SALE.
BANKABLE SURPLUS $150 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market st,
—OPPOSITE "THE EMPORIUM."—
;. \u25a0\u25a0 •
jrff'JA ' " _ __^_ V-*.- \u25a0 \u25a0 *i'
, LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO.- Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st, cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
63 rooms; fine new brick building:: choice
central location; newly furnished in best oak
furniture, Axminster and' velvet carpets, elec-
tric elevator lights and all modern conveni-
ences, beautiful light and airy halls; in fact,
a splendid proposition; can be bought lor less
than half cost to furnish; part cash, balance
Jong time at low Interest; price $3000.
65 rooms; new, modern, downtown house;
cheap rent, lone lease; well furnished; flrst-
clebs condition; choice location and clears over
$250 per month; to be sold at big bargain.
18 rooms, flji# location on Bush st. ; oak fur-
niture, good carpets; few rooms not furnished;
big bargain at $760.
32 rooms - elegant location for high class
boardlns-house; beautifully furnished; will
either sell the furniture and equipments or
leasa same to responsible party. Fine oppor-
tunity "for some one.
108 rooms; new, modern building; most ele-
gantly furnished; everything of the best; of-
fice and cafe on ground floor; there Is nothing:
better in San Francisco either as money-
maker or quality of furnishings; can be had
very reasonable on account of sickness; will
take ranch or house and lot in exchange.
19-room corner house; fine location; oak fur-
niture, good carpets, everything flrst-class con-
dition; all full and clearing $75 per month; an
excellent buy at $l£so.
. 7-room modern flat, furnished In mahogany
and oak furniture; good carpets; line location;
on account of death, snap; price $400.
37 rooms, fine corner, downtown; cheap rent;
first-class furniture and carpets; one of the
best little transient houses in city and can be
got a big bargain; $2250.
14 rooms, fine block on Ellis st; rent $75;
good furniture and carpets; bargain; $600.
30 rooms, new and modern; fine location;
weli furnlßhed and paying well, but owner is
obliged to leave city and to make quick sale
reduced to half cost to furnish, or $1500.
14 rcoms, fine location; rent only $50; north
Market; good furniture and carpets; all full;
price $750.
35 rooms; grand corner; cheap rent; very
centrally located; good oak furniture; fine car-
pets; part offices; big money-maker; part
down, balance time: price $1800.
6-room and alcove beautiful modern flat near
Sutter Bt; all light and sunny; elegantly fur-
nished, with fine upright piano; bargain; $000.
18 rcoms; finely located; good furniture and
carpets; Is paying well; will exchange for 10
or 12 room house In good condition.
23 rooms, downtown; rent $100; good furni-
ture ar.d carpets, and if run right can make
a mint of money out of it and will only take
$200 to set in; balance can be paid out of
house; price $1000.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 EDDY ST.
A A A SPECIAL ..A...... A
RETSLOFF & SPAULDING, Reliable Agents.
Bank - References
Hotels — Rooming and Apartment Houses.
Flats — Private Homes— L Grocery.
Saloon — Delicacy — Stationery — Drug
and all kinds of business propositions
Sold and Exchanged.
Call — Investigate — and be convinced.
We handle only paying propositions.
RETSLOFF AND SPAULDING
\u25a0 906 Market st Phono John 4496.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market et. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.
CLAIR VOVANTS.
~"~ "^PIK)FESs6R""NIBLa " '
411 A ELLIS ST. NEAR JONES.
ASTRO DEAD TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $3 CELEBRATED LIFE READINGS $1.
The moment you enter his parlor he will tell
you YOUR FULL NAME. AGE. OCCUPA-
TION. YOUR MOTHER'S MAIDEN NAME
AND WHOM AND WHEN YOU WILL MAR-
RY, and what you called for, without asking a
question ; will tell name of your sweetheart or
anything you want to know. He sends you
away wiser and happier than when you called.
How can I have eood luck?
How can I succeed in business?
How can I make my home happy?
How can I marry the one I choose?
• How can I marry well?
How soon car. 1 marry?
How can I conquer my rival?
How can I make any one love met
How can I set a letter?
How can I get a good position?
HOURS 10 TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES.
Permanently located in his own home.
PROFESSOR ALEXANDER DELMAR.
The Greatest Living
Clairvoyant, Palmist and Psychic Healer.
The Only Yogi Mediator
Of Secret Influence In America.
Without asking a single question he calls
you by name, tells your mother's maiden
name, tells you the names of friends, enemies
or rivals. telU you what you came for. tells
whom and when you marry; in fact
e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g.
No matter what yemr troubles, sickness or
desire may 'be. Professor Delmar will help
you; kind, honorable and confidential treat-
ment to nil. Full life. $1. No pay in ad-
vance and unless you are entirely satisfied
you do not pay a p»nny. Daily from 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m.: Saturdays to S p. m.; Sundays.
1 to 4 p. m. 412'Popt street
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis st.
Clnlrvoyant. crystal seer; can be consulted
on all affairs of life; Mls3 Wllle guarantees
an. honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; re-
veals the past; gives correct forecast of your
future; advises you on Important affairs.
whether financial, domestic, love or business;-
Stvfs the st-cret hew to control, .charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading. $1; hours
10-8 p. m. : French. German. English spoken.
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
The Veiled Prophetess.
DEAD TRANCE MEDIUM.
Born witli a Double Veil.
Educated In Occult in Egypt and India,
$5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS $1. '
Permanently located In her own home.
Private — No sign — Ring bell.
\u25a0SO4 EDDY ST. 4M EDDY ST.
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st, San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evenins. bto 8. Phon« South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
reveals hidden secrets, love, business, etc. ;
names; L. 50c. G. $1. 533 Oolden Gate aye.,
MME. JOSEPH, palmtsl and life reader, of
Chlcßfro: business, speculations. love: full
readings; ladies 25c: gents 50c. 1221 Market.
MME. KItONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist: when others fall try me: good
reading 25c: no sign. 102*4 6th. nr. Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads your llf» correctly:
advice riven on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion ruar. ; 25c up. 17 3d. next Examiner bid.
WANTED — One thousand persons to send three
questions and 25c: will give correct answers.
MRS. LOFLAND. 1434 Webster st. Alameda.
A— DON'T fall to see MRS. DR. GORDON, tho
wonder of the age. 1027^{. Market, 2d floor.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader: L.-25c. G 50c;
hours 10 to 10. 1207 Market st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 10S Sixth st. to 954 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call,
lfl pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
__ SPIRITUALISM.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader.. 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
EARLE'S seance Sun., Wed., 210 Eddy st;
- readings. Hotel Hlgglns. O'Farrell st.
palmistry.
MME. YOUNG'S marvelous spirit messages to-
night, 10c., 1901 Post. cor. Fillmore; come
skeptics.^ ' \u25a0 - . ,•
A— RETURNED. H. Jerome Fosselli. scientific
palmist 612 Mason, nr. Sutter; tel Black 5608
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' .seance, Thursday
eve.; 328 Ellis st: 50c. , •
MME. .MAY. palmist and cardreader. 3832.
• Eighteenth st. nr. Sanchez; hrs. 1 to 6; 50c.
HYPNOTISM.
DE LAUFF. magnetlst." 700 Bush: hours 1-5;
nervous, mental Ills; habits cured; no drugs.
COLLECTION OFFICES^^^^
BAD tenants ejected for $4:. collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
' MontKomsry st, rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5550.
I BITSI.VRSS CHANCES— Continued.
jA— $15l>O;' BUTCHER shop across the r bay;
1 monthly sales Jroin $1100 "to $1500; lea^o; 1
hone und vvugon. Call R. G. WILKE, 20 Ms
Kearny st.
A— sl.'.o<»; BAKERY in. San ..Mateo Co.; locat-
*d in the most fashionable town; large cash
tradf; wagons, nurses; daily store receipts
! above ?•»<>. Call R. O. WILKK, 2t?H Kearny.
i A— <l3o: CIGAR store with billiard-hall and
bootlriiick rtand; best location. Western. Art-
i ditiori; a bargain. Call R. <S. WILKE. 26 1 /£
' Kearny s=t.
j A — $3.V:i>: CORNER saloon; most prominent lo-
i cation on Market st.; rent $50; owner kept
' this place the last 4 years and always done
j a fine business; must leave the city on ac-
of other engagements. Call R. G. WILKE.
2<i'>. Koarny st?
A— s2so0 — PARTNER in best corner saloon on
water from; fi years' lease; no rent to pay;
about 20 barrels of whisky, on hand: a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4~Ivearny.
A— SI7f.O— CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict ; surrounded by factories and wholesale
houses: owner has 3 places; must sell one.
See R. G. WILKE. 20^4 Kearny st.
A— si;so; FRUI'I and vegetable store, with
route; wagon. 2 horses; very best location In
the Mission; a good-paying business; sickness
compels owner to go in the country. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20M; Kearny st. \u25a0 \u25a0
A— s22oo; CORNER saloon with 6 furnished
rooms; rent $100; lease; one of the best cor-
ners north of Market Et. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2CV6 Kearny st.
A— SISOO; CORNER grBcery and bar. with S
.years' lease; on Hateht st. ; rent $53; 4 liv-
ing rooms; full value in sl^nt; trouble In
family cau.«e of gale. See R. G. WILKE,
26 M Kearny st. |
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon on Third st. with
7 rooms : rent $85; one of the best located
places on the most prominent business part
of Third at.: full value in sight Call R. O.
WILKE. 20Vi Kearny st. •
A— s2too; CORNER grocery and bar; on San-
chez St., with 0 living rooms; 4 years' lease;
rent $33; daily sales about $25; place kept by
owner S years; a rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2tSVi Kearny st.
A— ssooo; THE leading saloon In Monterey,
with 5 years' lease; rent $C 0; stock will in-
voice about $2iX)o; this is a bonanza; full
value in sight; owner is compelled by other
invebtmeuts to sell at once. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2(i^i Kearny st.
A— slouu; GROCERY and bar; best location
Ocean View; rent $2o; full value in «**; it; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A—sl3oo;A — $1300; PAPER route; morning: paper. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2»S'4 Kearny st
A— $1100; DELICATESSEN Btore, with dairy
produce; living rooms; very best location on
Third St., near Call building. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— ssoo; CAFE and restaurant, with elegant
furnished rooms; a small Delmonico: private
dining-room; location the very best; West-
ern Addition; running on Delmonico Btyle.
See R. G. WILKE. 2UVi Kearny st.
A— s4so; CIGAR store with 3 fine living
rooms; kept by owner 10 years; rent $32;
most prominent location on Larkin st Call
R: G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A—sssoo;A — $5500; MOST prominent corner saloon; one
block from Phclan bldg.; leasa; many for-
tunes made in this corner; a very rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st.
A—soso;A — $050; CIGAR, tobacco stand, corner, with
laundry office; owner kept place 4 years;
business clears above $110 per month; loca-
tion the best: close to Examiner office. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A—(1750;A — (1750; SAUSAGE factory and pork store,
horse, wagon; business established many
years; has a large patronage in wholesale
trade, also doing rushing store trade; owner
to retire only cause ,of - sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26 Vj Kearny st.
A— sl3oo; CORNER saloon north of Market st.,
close to Kearny; rent $80; lease; owner
wishes to quit city life and co in the coun-
try: investlcate; this is a rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $1350: CORNER saloon on Folsom st. with
2 living rooms; rent $35; place located closa
to Sixth st; bargain. Call R. G. WILKE.
26^i Ktarny st. •
A—s2SoO;A — $2S0O; THE most prominent corner saloon
on Sixth St.. with lease, and cigar stand In
front ; quarrels among partners only cause of
sale; not all cash necessary. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26t£ Kearny st.
A— s3ooo; ELEGANTLY fitted up saloon with
8 furnished rooms; the most prominent loca-
tion north of Market street; rent $126; a
very rare chance; place a money-maker. R.
G. WILKE. 2rt',^ Kearny st.
A— s3ooo; CORNER saloon with Cat of 0
rooms; lease; no better location In this city:
owner kept place 10 years; a very rare
chance. Call R. Q. WILKE. 20 Vi Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; ROADHOUSE with bowling alley,
dance pavilion, etc.; rent 530; the place is
located on the most prominent county toad
to San Mateo. Call R. G. WILKE. 28^
Kearny st
A— s2<KXt; FANCY grocery and delicatessen
store on Sacramento st.. Western Addition:
r*nt $3o; 3 years' lease; full value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2fi^ Kearny st
A— s7ooo; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict: place clears about $500 per month; 7
years' lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 28%
Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, with lease and liv-
ing-room; about 3 barrels choicest whisky on
hand; location the very best; close to Market
et. ; investigate; this is a "rare chance.- R.
G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st.
A—S2OHO;A — S20H0; SALOON with mercantile lunch in
wholesale district; N of Market St.; place
•established years; business first-class; owner
to go to the country.. See R. G. WILKE.
26« i Kearny st.
CANDY store for sale: price $1000 and half-ln-
trest for $000; place must be sold at once.
443 Bush et.
HAY, (Train, wood and coal yard: account of
sickness must sell. M. WRIGHT. 435 Na-
toma st. . •
NEWSPAPER* route for mle In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
. at Call Business Office for particulars.
RESTAURANT; cheap; cash or time, or will
rent with privilege. 640 Commercial st.
A COMPLETE flavoring extract plant; weli
stocked: %-alue $2SOO. Box 7033. Call office.
PAINTING, paperhanglng bus.; stock, tools,
fixtures; good chance: steady man. 130!^ 11th
CIGAR stand for sale; near Tivoll Theater.
Apply 113 Eddy st.
RESTAURANT for ftale at 600 Howard st.
FOR sale — Delicat»6sen and restaurant; . good
place for man and wife. Box 8200. Call.
GOOD Call route for taic. Apply at Caii
office. _^
OAUPET-BEATI2VG AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed '
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company ."OS Market
st; phone Main 152 and Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 853-357 Tehama st. Tel. .South iO.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st. : Al cleaning. :>c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
CARPETS clean., fit., lay. 5."> C G.G.ave. :phone
East 19C5. Star Ren. Co.. W. Wagner, Mgr.
CARPETS cleaned and laid, 8c a yard KLEIN-
ERT, 1.120 Polk st: phone East 72.V
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
Golden Gate aye. & Larkin: phone Eaet 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st •
tel . Main 394. GEO. WAI.COM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 • Fourteenth st. — First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
LACE CURTAINS AND BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New York Curtain HouseTnToat
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. 1324 Fillmore; phone Pine 2622..
DR. PIERCES. Magnetic Elastic ~TrussT~per^
feet retainer; positive cure; book free. Re-
moved to 20t> K<*arny st. room :?07.
I DO not cure rupture, but "can hold them in
place. WEDEKIND. 440 Geary st.
DREXLER PAINLESS. DENTAL COMPANY?
Perfect painless dentistry nt lowest prices.
Full set of tteth. $2; silver fillings. 25c; gold,
fillings. $1; gold crowns. $3; bridge work, $3.
1104 Market st, corner Turk. -
A NEW plate — The -Whalebone — Cannot break;
1 warranted 20 yrs.; crowns; $3 80; fillings 50c;
plates. $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM \u25a0 HILL/ 1443 Market, nr. 11th—
•No - chance for extracting ' when \u25a0 plates- are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set, extracting 50c: gas given. ' ,
FILLINGS. 25c and 50c; crowns, $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. OC9 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 76c; isllver.' 3sc; crowns." $2. no
pain: od. Sun. Dr.A. C.Hewitt, 101% Grant ay.
E-UPLOYMEXT W.WTED^- HAIiE-^Cor
TRAVELING position wanted by practical me-
chanical expert where the highest sktli ami
the greatest ingenuity is required; in any
line of machinery: or position as foreman in
flrst-class machine shop. Address box .502J,
Call office. " .
BARTFA'DEft young, sober, steady, wishes
position as e"xtra or steady work; wording 2
days a week at present. Adiiress box 7tw,
Call office.
COMPETENT coachman, perfectly safe drive*,
understand? breaking colts, sober and re-
liable, wishes position; city or countsy. Box
79.:&. Call office. ' • ' \u25a0
YOUNG man, competent stenographer anil of-
fice assistant, wants clerical • work of any
kind; moderate salary: references. Bgx
tas; can. ' • ': \u25a0
WANTED — By steady man with British- ma-
rlnv papers, charge of yaoht or similar po-
sition. Address S. ATKINSON. Diamond
Postofflce. Alameda County.
SITUATION wanted by a vjouns machinist. 1
years* experience: can do -any kind of ma-
chine work; no objection 'to country; rer«r-
«nces. Box 7637. Call office. '
PLUMBER, licensed and independent. • wantd
work from property owner or contractor: has
all necessary shop tools; city or country.
Box 7977. Call.
WANTED— Painting, paperhanxing, tinting,
eto.; strictly first-class at moderate- prices.
Box 7893. Call offlc*. •
BARKEEPEK. young man. wishes position in
saloon or liquor store; sober ste.ady; best ot
references. C W.. 537 Folsbm at. • ;
BAKER. German. 17. strong, wishes to learn
tho business; Oakland preferred.' 1216 Twen-
ty-thlrd aye.. East Oakland-
YOUNO German would like work on prtvata
place; thoroughly understands car* of horsea.
cows and garden; rofarences. Box 7TSI, C?UL
GARDENER wishes situation on prlvata plac«;
understands greenhouse: generally useful;
references. Box 7753. Call offtca.
WANTED — :By a young: man. a position' fa au-
tomobile works or machln* shop; best of, r»f«
erences. C. W.. box 7878. Call office- .
FIRST-CLASS cook, sober, economical, want*
position in hotel, ctty or .country.' Box 7T533,
PHOTOGRAPHER wants a position on photo-
• graphic work: haa. experience. Addrew
AKAGAWA. 810% Stockton st. . •\u25a0" . '.
.BUTCHER — An all-round" man wishes) poslttoa
in country. Box 8131. Call.
COMPETENT, sober young man wants fcositioa
as fireman or 'assistant engineer. £54 4th st.
RELIABLE Japanese wants a. position th ston
or office. 1332 Larkin st. " • •
TRUSTWORTHY, educated Japanese.' speak*
English well, desires a position in stor* a*
assistant salesman o r any other help."- Ad-
\u25a0 dregs 130 Geary st. . .
JAPANESE would Ilka work of any Jtin4.fo»
half day, J. KATO. 3<3 Mason st: ; phon*.
James 325.
JAPANESE youny man desires position- as of-
fice or bell boy; particular tlm« and wage*
is not object., GEO. XAKA. 804 Stockton st.
JAPANESE butler or flrst-class. cook want* %
position In family; reference. Addxesß .BHO,
COO Duoont st*
A COMPETENT Japanese, student of «oll»t ©.
wishes position as salesman or porter; epgait*
good English. Bo* 7897. Call office. •
JAPANESE boy wants a position .as ' school
boy; good cook. \u25a0 1207V4 Scott St.; tel. Saoti
3444. •
JAPANESE: excellent butler, wants position;
has best reference. FRANK NAOASAWA,'
12 Qulncy «t.
HONEST Japanese wants to do general h»lp
work in family. Address M. AYABE. car*
614 Pine st.; tel. James 8791. '.\u25a0-
JAPANESE Intelligent young man wants po-
sition of any kind: will work 6- to S even-
ingg. Address G. I. X.. 315^ Stockton St.
AN honest Japanese boy want's, a place of a
schoolboy In a small family. Address 379
Post Bt., F. S. K.
-AN experienced Japanese and family laundry^
man wants a. position in the city. H. YO-
SHI. lOOtf Leavenworth st.
JAPANESE boy wants to work early In morn-
lng until 9 a. m. GEORGE. 1431 Bush st.
FOX AX CIA L.
AAA^~ T~"
REALTY SYNDICATE. • ; '.—
Hereafter all unmatured certificates) will o*
cashed upon demand at 612 Call building.
I WANT to interest some one in manufactur-
ing a patent, article; ready for market;
splendid chance. Box 7750. Call office.
REALTY SYNDICATE certificates bought, spot
caah. JOHN COOP. 17 Fremont st. "
REALTY Syndicate Certificates purchased;
top prices. W. L. HARPER. Crockec b!iig.
FLATS TO LET.
AAAA
Every desirable vacant dwelling Is listed fcj
our rentlns department. Combined lists from-
25 of the largest agencies-. Saves a worll at
time and trouble. -\- «-* . *
Service Is absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look it fur-
niture. Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPAXT,
1039 Market St.. opposite McAllister.
LANGTON. 33 and 43 — 4 rooms and bath, J2O.
41 Langton — 5- rms. and bath. $22 564 nr. 7ti
and Howard. 14 and 16 Landers — Upper *n4
lower flats, fix to suit tenant. 713 Harrtioo.
nr. 3d — * rma.. $13; ashes and water true.
\u25b2 DELIGHTFUL corner fiat, nearly .new. 4
rooms, basement, etc.; every room sunny;
rent reasonable: half block from Market at.
8947 17th St.: take Castro or 19th st car.
BEAUTIFUL new lower and middle flat, i mi.
and b. : latest imp.; large yard: water trw.-
very desirable location; 2443-43 Post; open W.
day. Apply Carroll <fe Tllton Co.. SlX 'Market.
CORNER -flat. T sunny rooms and bath; nearly
new carpets: real lace curtains: steel rango
for sale If desired; unusually convenient; raat
$40; water free. 1.T03 Stetner. cor. O'Farrell.
ELEGANT apartment* — Pour rooms and kath
each; rent $20. Franklin st, bet. Filbert a_a«
Greenwich. ' "
PRESIDIO Heights— s23 to »47 60;- eles^at •£
sunny new &>&-8 rooms and tiled bathroom;
cor. Sacramento and Ist aye. ; op«a X to. 4.
FOUR rooms and bath. 221 Laurel aye.. o*.
tween Turk and Eddy sta.. off Van .N'mj.
SACRAMENTO. 13C3 — Three-room ' Cat; fu.
large yard; rent $10.
4 ROOMS, bath, stable, yard; $1& 8349 Tw«n-
ty- third st. 1
NO car fare; B-6 new sunny mod. rooms: rest
low. Le Roy place. Sacramento and Jones.
HOWARD. 1159 A — * sunny rooms; cheap, rent
NICE corner flat: 3 rooms and bath. 1002 Ma-
son st.. near Sacramento. -- * , .
NOE. ICS6 — New flat; modern Improvements;
near 24th and Castro cars; 6 rooms. .
BUSH, 1220A — Flat, 4 rooms, laFge cellar; rent
$11. Apply 1223 Bush St.. basement.
MODERN fiats. 1033-1937 O'Farren st: 8 and T
rooms, bath, basement, yard: rent reasonable.
FLATS FOR SALE— FtTIOnSHEIK
HANDSOMELY furnished S-room flat: sell as
it stands: new furniture, careen, curtains;
etc.: call Monday and balance of week. 2 to
sp. m.: no dealers. 937 Fell st.
FOUR room?, complete housekeeping. $30-
rent $9. Call 9 to 4. at 310 Vi Eighth st"
rear, upstairs. , ti .
FUR.MTURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Sunny flat cf 3 rooms, furnished,
for $150: rent cheap. 60S^ Locust aye.. off
Laguna. bet. Go!d?n Gate aye and McAllis-
ter st. : home all day.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed storage pt-
anos & Furn. Whitehead'3 Storage. 1838 slkt.
FinXITI'RE WA.YTED.
MARK J. LEVY. AUCTION CO.: 132lTMar*et
St.. bet 9lh and 10th. paying bis: money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 173.
HENRY MAYER pays hiarhest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 752 Mission; tel. Bush Si:.
Z. ABE LEVY. 113.1 Market st.. phono Jessl*
761. pays cash and buys- everything. •
BELIVWAXTED-FEMALBi
AN enjoyable, profitable outing; pick hops by
August: special rato tickets" now ready
come early as only a li.-nite'a number can
be sold. E. CLEJUKNS HORST CO. 123
Ba»ery st. ;_ '
HOP pickers, wanted: best accomrr.oriattors-
earliest picking: families preferred. For par-
ticutars call from lit a. m. to 4 p. m. room
17. 313 California st. ' • -•
WANTED— MiddIe-aged worraa to make b-ds.
and clean halls part of day; wasea $10 ocr
month. Call after 10 a. m. ' Monday 3 -s
Kearny st. "'..-. -
WANTED— Young women who are experience!
dry goods bundle wrappers. Apply between
9 und 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' ucl " een
WANTED— Elderly housekeeper; good honw-
wasea $10. Call 131 Valencia at •*
; MKCTIVO A'OTH'HS — Contlnueii.
I ?AN P'RAXCrSCO Bod:es, A. & A.. S. *&
X., Ma».srlc'*T«n!ple-VProre««or aid R
Ur.tlwr - JI. Morse Sttfi'iieii". 32. of f\
the Ur.iviiMty of California. Will de- r4^i»
liv»r an Interesting lecture THIS P/£^\
t I'Hi.'it.^DAV) KVKNINO. at S o'clock; un-
u<-r t!;e bus;. i.e.- of tan Francisco Chapter,
oLnlghts lt«.-e CtxAx No. 1. All brethren ot ihe
rite. peaMafrftiK the 1-ouith. or higher, de-
«:ee Aie . orlially mv. ted tv be present. By
order oi .!-.* IVtue Marter. •
Ii KN KV lll'iiNKH, :i::, Secretary.
' ML-HON Cnai>tcr No. 70, R. A. M.— w
t-tatcd in<etliiK THIS (THURSDAY) Vj\
K-VJiNJNG at S o'clock. Hoyal Arch /\u25bc 1
•.! zvc. By oiJer of the 11. P.
JOItN v. HILLMAX. Secretary.
CXALIFOItNIA l>xlce No. 1. F. and A." >.
51.. Will n:eet THIS (THUIiSOAY) VSf
EVENING. AugUFt 3, at V :i« o'clock. /V\
Btatcd mmlnx.
FRANKLIN JI. DAY. Secretary.
FIPEMTV I>.i<is;e No. 120, F. and A. ffi
M.— .State.! meeting Till? iTHURS- Xjf
DAT) EVENING at T ::So o'clock. By/T\
otder of tJ'.e W. M.
FKEDERICK B.VRRY, Secretao'-
DOJUO Lo.lge No. 2lrt. F. and A. M.— «S
Suited mwting THIS (THURSDAY) Vy
EVENING at S o'clock. 13y older o. /\u25bcN
the master.
! J. ft.; GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
' STARR" King Lodge No. 344, V. and *
A. M.. 821 Devisadero street.— Stated W
meeting THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- /V\
INO at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting breth-
ern cordially invited.
GKORGK C. WOLFKNDEN, W. 41.
H. F. WRIGHT. Secretary.
! I»A<7IFIC Lodge No. 155. I: O. O. .^sa2»^>
F.— lnitiation TTIIP i'TTH'RH -
DAY) EVENING at S o'clock, -SgSSVgX 3
lVosrvect Hall. Visrttlng broth- «TO«B*-
era cordially Invited.
C. R. HOLTON. N. G.
M. J. DUNCAN, R. S.
! WESTERN Addition Lodge No. • il vjw»;tt t .
2SC>, 1. O. O. F.— lnitiation nUS^gfeggggfr
(THURSDAY) EVENING.
oi-s cordially invit«l. '"*^
<;. H. KRKIKRMUTH. Secretary.
I'NITY Lodge No. Cl. K. of P. meets -*S
K\TRY THURSDAY NIGHT at *Z[X&lr/
2"0 Goiden ("5,-ito avenue. All broth- /cgfv
ers are invited.
JOHN ROBERTSON, C. C. ««^**^
S. \V. GALES, K. of R. and S.
i CROATIA" B. S. ZVONIMIR No. f*V>s_
Cl. N. C. S.— Meeting THIS? # A^>J
<THTTRSDAY) EVENING, August JW«4|
3. 1005, at 32 O'Farrell St.. Fra- JCRiY
temity Hall. Officers and mem- jSet
bers are r^queFtffl to be present.
J. KRir'TINICH. President.
M. JKRICOVICH. Secretary.
i THE picnic of the R>>bel Cork Benevo- %*t^*>
l»nt Association will be held in Shell vvi\jf
Mound Park. J?erkeley. SUNDAY. JSV'S
August 6, 1905. Very valuable §C\jg,*
j^rires. including a Domestic sowing #»*
machine, for first gate prize; cash prize*
pale-re. Come and bring your friends, to
the Rebel Cork picnic. Sunday. August o.
R. F. BUCKLEY. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
AA — DIVORCE; costs, Jl2; quick, quiet; ad-
vice free; no charge unk-se successful; open
evenir.K?; wills, deeds, leases, bills of sale
ar.d articles of co-partnership carefully pre-
pared; bankruptcy, collections, and probating
of estates. U27 Market St.. room 301.
R. W. KING, Atturney-at-Law, Exam. bMg.,
Cth floor, entrance room till; established il<>
yean?; all courts, general courts and office
practice: no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
W. MATTHEVrs, attorney and counselor at
law, 632 Market st., room 23; 21 years' ex-
perience: all courts; general court and office
practice; consultation free. Tel. Black 2332.
ADVICE free: legal divorce costs $12; all law
cas*s handled: no fee In advance: open Sat-
urday evenings: other evenings by appoint-
ment; call and save money. 619 Market, r. 33.
ADVICE free; dlvoroe costs $12; aJI cases
probate and attachment suits a specialty;
open evenings. R.4C5. Parrott b1d.,556 Market
ADVICE free: costs $2 to $6; no fee unless suc-
cessful; collections everywhere; any case In
any court. Lew Inv. Co.. 4i Paxrott bldg.
L. S. CLARK, 027 Market, room 304, consulta-
tion free: no fee !n advance. Open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR sale — Two-cylinder light delivery car.
WALTER S. FRANCE, 20 Golden Gate aye.
A bargain — 19C5 White touring car. practically
new. 606 Van Ness aye.. nr. Golden Gate aye.
ASTHMA CURE.
A. DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures; for saJe
by ail druggists; main depot 1602 Market at.
Ft. Nicholas Hotel: 10c. "!>c. 60c package.
nOAROIXG FOR CHILDREN*.
WANTED— lnfant to board; beet care given.
2393 Howard St.. too flat.
BICYCLES. .
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. IS2O Polk St.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
GROCERY, branch bakery, school supplies
$350.
Grocery and bar prices $1200 to $3000.
Saloons, all prices, from $750 to $3500.
Oyster and chop houses. $175 to §1500.
. Stationery and notions, good stand, $325.
Candy, soda water and icecream parlors.
Millinery, first-class stand and trade. ,
Cigar stands, all kinds and prices.
Wood, coal, hay and grain yards.
Milk route, bake shops and repair shops.
Ranches, all kinds, with and without
fruit.
Offices, houses, apartments, flats and
transient.
Restaurant, splendid outfit, nicely equipped.
$450. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777^ Mkt.
DELICATESSEN, with and without bakeries,
$300 to $800. CAL. INVESTMENT COM-
PANY. 777 M Market at.
$4700— CORNER saloon; on Kearny* st; strictly
up-to-date. CAL. INVESTMENT CO., 777%
Market st.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A— s3ooo BUYS flrst-class coal wood and Ice
business; also electric plant for sawing wood;
located in fine bay town; equipped with
horses and wagons; doing good business;
clearing over $150 per month; established ten
years: owner, has other business and cannot
devote his time to It. See CAMERON & CO.
A — AN Investment of $500 to $100 will secure
the position of secretary and treasurer for
flrst-class corporation; salary $100 . pet
month; is well established; bank references.
See CAMERON A CO.
EAGLE REAL ESTATE. 230 Kearny st.
Phone Montgomery 629.
Grocery and bar licenses for sale cheap.
$650— SALOON; fine fixtures; $200 stock; cash
register; good location; rent $30. 230 Kearny.
$2000— SWELL rooming; beautifully furn. 20
rma. N. Market: sickness cause. 230 Kearny.
SALOON license. Saloon license for sale
cheap. 230 Kearny t.
A SNAP.
Being compelled to go East on urgent busi-
ness, will sell my restaurant at a sacrifice-
everything first class and up-to-date; cheap
rent: seats 32; 3-yea.r leaae; nice trade; mum
leave by August 10. S. B. DOW, 1303%
Castro st. "
TO lease—A brick plant; 40.000 capacity daily-
engine, boiler, crusher and every facility for
making flrst-clas s brick: unlimited quantities
i'k»i'i ay ; f A u Dly DR ' C ' C - O'DONNELL.
1021 Vj, Market St.; tel. South C 22. .
LADIES having $10 and up wishing to double
ana treble their money quickly can do so
by addressing box 8020. Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocer with $5000 to take
interest in established business; best location-
aselta^ox^y^all 0 '"^ P °
W . A "^ TED ~. SsLI0 2 ns - clgllr "tands. restaurants
ana rooming houses for cash customers if
reasonable. Add with particulars. Box 7701
STOCK companies incorporated; if you have
stocks or bonds for sale oJTfr them through
me to investors. GEORGE M.' KELLOGG
Broker. 345 Elllcott square. Buffalo.
ANY' young man with executive ability and
$1000 to invest in the advertising business
can treble his capital in a short time For
opportunity address box 7C31. Call office.
BARBER shop; $125; good corner- 2 chairs-
everything complete. RELIABLE AGENCY*
765 Market st. . •
PARTNER wanted to open flrst-class meat
78ff I^Wr^t.* 1000 " rCqUlred ' *°*
BARBER shop for sale; $12o; good stand- next
to poirtoffice; good for $10 a week Addrp^
CHARLES. POOL, Guerneville, Cal. uarc3S
BLACKSMITH bhop for sale: Valencia and
Market; snap. Apply bet. 10 and 12 42ft
Eighth at. \u25a0 ' 0
SALOON .'or sale; expenses reasonable lea
Fourtb at.
JOiIX.D. «IMti:CSii:LS Proprietor
A'.£r<*-:- CoiJiineJiicailpna \u25a0to
JOHN -M<XAr<.nT '/ft '.Manager
\\! J. 'MAIITIX .... businf«s i Manager
TELEPHONE.
Aek for" THE CALL. Tbe OpcritW Will Con-
nect You 111x1) i!-.<- DerarUi'ci'i Ijjtt V»™
PtaHleaflon OTftte Market an-1 Third. 5. '.'\u25a0
Ed.tcr:al R00m5:.*..'. 12 11 o 221 Sievd-on s'..
De!K-»r'f<s by 'Otrriers! 'J' Ct*. Per W-t-Jc. 75
\u25a0Ctg.Pci Month. ?inele Ooiies 6 Cjtfc--
Term!, by JU! 1 ., lik.inS.i.-. '.' *±cc »<-'Jfih A\l.T»
DAILY C.VLL , < .rr:Vi.''*> ! ;ad.V>. > year.. f« On
PAILY^CALL (liu-Jud. Buuaav). 6 nios... t-W
DAII/E «*AI.L— By jnnslr MooUi „< _ c ;
BUXDAX CAIJ-.-.1 Y»^v.: :\u25a0;,;
WKEKL*? CALL. 1 Year • ,-, ",
TOREICN \u25a0, t Uy \u25a04 ,3, 3 rer V(., r E<tta
\u25a0FOST>.<:K. :"•< ..; :\ i i'.r Y-a. Kxtia :
ALL - fcWMASTORS ARE AUTKOKIZED \u25a0
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eanip!* Copit* viii b* roiwaried wnen re- ,
vjue-ted. j
MaflC-acbscribera in oi tiering change of M; ,
Area's -should be panicuiar to ?ive both .NKU ;
ANL> OLO AJ3DKESS .:n order to I">«ur« a ;
prompt' aed' correct compliance with their re- j
«vest. \u25a0'.'•*
* ".-'., OATCLANI> OFFICE: !
IC;C Broadway Telephone Main 10S3 j
AT.AMEDA OFFICE:
J. 453 Park F'r'vr, .War Santa C!ara Avenue.
. I'fcone A.ameda W9.
. \ BERtcpLEY OFFICE: •'"'\u25a0
21 4S' Center i-treet Telephone North >• j
\u25a0 WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
J.\>ri:P g. TYLES P«* BofWIBT 1
."NF.TV YOPJv 'NEWS STAND?:
WnMorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Hr«-n gno. 81 i
V:i B Squan ; Murray Hill.Hoiel; i-iiti.avenue
Hotel tnd .. HoYiir.au -il..i!^e.
CHICAGO KEU'fi STANDS:
FV*-rn:an' Hou>e: P. O. News Co.: O-«-jt
:Vr:i Ho:t-i: Trcmont House; Auiior.um
Hotel; Palmer House.
. CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. pEORCE kpSOGXE£S. Marque tt« Bunding !
U.i i .;." i 'i«M.ii!< • -.i ciriKione, "Central "'>i'J.' )
NEW YC"RK r<ErKF.?ENTArtVE:
ETEPHEN K. tMITiI :<o Tribune fiuJdln* :
NEW YOr.IC.COTTRKSPONPICNT: . j
C. C. CAKLTON.. Herald Equal*
T"?\ Ni>V OFTIdE of the San FranciFO Call, j
confer Market an< Third stieotf; O!'«-n umil j
32 o'clock every night In ihe year:
BRANCH OFKICKS:
!<«\u25a0> Marjtet street, opposite Fifth; open until
11" r>. in-
s<v Jliu.iigomery "jive. ; open unti! 9 p. m.
i 1"i 1 " i::i>e s street; optn until H::w p. m.
KiT»: McAllißter, Etreet; op^n until 0::J0 p. m.
lilS.Lfuida street; op^n until 9:30 p. m.
JS4I Mission siffK; open imti! 10 p. xn.
Jm; Eleventh street : oi«-n until 9 p. m.
j-"." : Valencia street; upea until y p. m.
Kortbeast >\u25a0\u25a0 rner Church and Duncan streets; i
f»I»?n until !» p. .m.
t- fi > Fillmore Etreet: op^n until 9p. m.
TO SL'RSCIIIBCRS LKAVIXG TOTVK |
i;OXt TUB SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating a!
rlransc of residence durlns the summer
n.onUi* <-ac have their paper forwarded
li> m:til t<> i.'irir, new address by notify- j
las 7 Hi: (ALL BaalncM Office. This
paper ni!l :ils«i be on r>nle at all Kuramer <
r«'Nort« and is represented by a local
B^at in all tow uk on the roaxt.
BIKETIXG NOTICES.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
F'ANY-^A tprcial nT-etir.g of t.he stockholders
cf the Southern pacific Railroad Cotnpar.y
«-i!l be held at the office or the company, in
rocm 121t>. in the Merchants' Exchange
building, in the city and county of San I
Francisco, in the SHate of California, the
«ame beinp the principal place o' business
cf taid corporation, and Deing the building
»*iere' the board of directors of said corpora-
tion usually rcett. on the iMh day of August.
JBOJS, at the hour of \'i o'clock noon, to con-
«iccr ana acx upon the proposiiions:
r- Firit, to increase the capital ttoclc of said
corporation t.> cne hundrtd and sixty million
dollars (flCO.300.000), and for that purposa to
*nunci article VI or the articles of incorpora-
tion 'ind consolidation cf the company to
reed as follows:
•The "amount of the capital stock of said
corporaticr thall be cr.e hundred and sixty
tr.ilHon dollars <$16O,C00.<j<Kj). divided Into
cmc tniilion t'.x hundred thousand (1.600,000)
tl^.-es o' the par vaiue or one hundred dol-
lars iJIOO) each, which said amount of capi-
181 stock doe? not exceed the amount actually
- required for the purj>os*-s of the said corpora-
; t!on,. jKii is the arr.ount actually required
tr.d asct-rtair.ed to be necessary for construct-
ing.- corr.j/letlr.g, equipping, operating and
tr.aintainir.g jts road, and is so estimated by
C*onn<eter.t engineers, as will aj-ptar by tli«
\u0084>rkt<n estimate of such engineers, duly
:»:sued t.y them, and tiled in the ofSce and
"principal place of bus-icees aforesaiii of said
.corporation."
: Ar.d 'to amend' paragraph third of articlo
Xll of the ba.tr articles to road as follows -
.; "T!;e cumber of _ directors of said con-
\u25a0olidated corporation shall be eleven (11)
mi the tmount of the capital etock of eaid '
corporation thaii b» one hundred and sixty
C.i!;:^, dollars .$-I'JO,OO'J,OCO). which Bald
.anrount TDf capital stock is the amount ac-
tually required for 'the purposes of said cor-
paranon. and is the amount actually re-
quired "and ascertained t o be necessary for
constructing, completing, equipping, operat-
ing and maintaining its road, and is so
• ftiir.atol by competent engineers a c will
ar.jx-ar by ,h e afore.=a.-;d wntten estimate o
fi.d rt^Xtctrm. duly signed by them and on
file a* •siror.-s.aid. Said capital stock of sal?
corporation shall be divided into cne rpilHon
fix hundred thousand (LCOQ.OOO) "hare" I
«*.OC) each, of which Faid share- of said
cap.tal nock the fo:io*-ln« have been sub- I
• cribfd by B n<l allotted to the stockholder!
cf -aid constitufnt corpcratioa.. aY herein
\u25a0 «ri^r f et lorth. to wit;" ; uerejn-
•To the Southern Pacific Rallroa<l o«—
rany incorporated, crcanized and e«-«i?;
uncer tht lawy of the- ritate c^ Calif A™ i *
er.d to its shareholders, one rniiUnn , \
reatca thousand two hundred a"d forty-^ne
*h.Ves!" y oae - BUndre «»th, a.Ol4.2U°eo\iooJ i
\u25a0 VTo the Southern PaclHc Railroad r^rr. •
rscy, 'incorporated, organized and^^ X '«H I
• imder the laws cf the Territory of Ar \u25a0 B
*n<s to iv stockholders, cne hundwJ "l i
•ixty-tight thousand eight w* kb ° ll < ler *>
t *ighty- eight (CB.SSS) sharls" hun<Jre d »nd
'"Ihe aeverai stockholders of »„,.». .
ccnstituer.t corporations sha'l h o , V °' Ea!(1
Item -by -the «ald consolidated iJ seU ' <i t0
paid .up shares- or the capu^f 1
. i-ODEoiidated corporation out c'il r the
thereof subscribed by and si! ,-..",* "hares
"»tcckhold.r S of thei/ re £ p, c vil &U c^ \° th «
! • corporation* to the like amou-ir ?Zr?? lta *P t
4CV.MX. at their par valu# with the ill" . for
cf th..- .fDar<s held by c uch E tr"l,. par , value
their respective con^ituer.t cor,»^,°, r ".. in
Thereafter and secondly, to c «? '"I 8 "
§•0 indebtedness cf said corp ora t,nt. a bond -
• mount in the aggregate of O n°2 l ? th «
Hxty mlUJon dollars (JltO.oooow? I" **,*
«rom of tr-e Urlted States (a portion Jf E ' A<l
: te.to t* used in retiring existln" V °' w-ichw -ich
-.- <Jebtedness). and to Incr«ise the £ On !; eel ln "
; aebtedi^ss pf said corporation nd , ed ln "
tmbutn in. the argregate of one hiTA^ * the
•tlxty milljon dollars <?'-CO.OOO oom . red * nd
coin cf the United States, and t,,i n cold
- »Rid proposed bonded indebtedn»«' CUr v Ul *
jncrtcage upon the railroads.. rranrM by a i
. .property cf tlie company now o\vnS • l ." r<l
after acquired, and gu Income th*? r ? ere "
tutb part thereof os may be nri»« .1° • or
tke mcrt&Bge; and to determine the \u25a0£? In
terns 'of said bonds and mortgaL H '
euthorije the Board of Director, \u0084?'\u2666 i? to 1
,uch action » they may deem ceee^arv *"
«xpe<ient in the premises. necessary or
' i)a.tti the 2>»th day of June 1005
By order of the Board of Directors"
J. L. V\'lLLCT'tt
.""Xc^asy. th<? SoUther ° Pa?IDC iSiroad
N, T. SMITH,
(* T * .ITTX'rt *
Dlrecfprs of «a!d Southern Pacific nailroad
ANNUAL MUETING-^The Hfedon Iron and
Locomotive WortcF-The annual meeting of
.the stoc.<ho,ders of the Risdon Iron and Lo-
cermot'.vc \TorkE for the election of trustees
.•for the enduing year and the transaction of i
• euch other fci»;:ne«s as may be brought before
the meeting ttIH be held at the office of the
*«^^ r A- 2n v Sleuart \u25a0« San Francisco, on
«MO>.J)AT. the Kb riay of August. 190S at II
oclock a. «m. AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Sec-
Tt ir x TV T T A H/f A AT TT A C^ U '/~> T TTV VT I—*1 — * TT 1 T~"\ TT I—i*>1 — i'*> T I\,T
MANY A MAN HAS GLIM IN)THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1905.
13
A— GREAT POWER COMPANY.
FRKE FARE
BOTH WAYS.
25 laborers, water darn, $<V 7 50.
Steady Job year round: boss at our office.
MURRAY & READY. C34-63<> Clay Ft.
EXTRA SPECIALS.
Shinftle packer, south, $50 an<l found.
!•: rarpenters. h.iild barns, sheds, etc., fare
$3 50, $3 50 day
4 rarp^nt'rs, finish work. $4 day.
Band sawyer, fare. $1; S3 ~O day.
Screw turner, biK carriage L. Co., $80 found.
Turner band sawyer, fare $1.
LOOK.
Butter-maker, north, fare paid, $40 found.
LOOK.
Butcher, Northern California, $60.
Man make ice cream, open eggs, $35 found.
4 woodchoppers. mine company, $50 found.
WEAVERS.
12 weavers on blankets.
MURRAY & READY. 634-6315 Clay rt.
WASHINGTON STATE.
YOUR FARE PAID.
25 mill yard and woods men. 544 found.
MURRAY & READY, «i 34-636 Clay st.
PORTLAND, OREGON.
C 5 yardmen. $4* ar.<! found.
55 woodsmen. $ri2 50 .in<l found.
GREAT LUMBER COMPANY. ,
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
, __ LOOK.
Farmer, handy with carpenter tools, boss
: herr, 535 and found.
Oysteman, $45 to $50 and found.
LOOK.
Milker. Crescent City, bO3« here, fare paid,
$35 and found.
20 laborers in San Francisco, $60.
LOOK.
£.. r > drillers, not far away, $67 50.
12 single hand miners. Northern California,
$2 75 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
THESE ARE GOOD.
READ THEM.
Blacksmith, carriage work, fare 35c. $3 50 a
day.
ELECTRICIAN./
Electrician and lathe hand, mine, see boss
here. $90.
Blacksmith, country shop, steady, S3 a day.
Cobbler or shoemaker, repair work, $2 50 a
day, country.
CAP.PENTEKS.
4 carpenters company worK, long Job, near
city. $3 50 a day.
FOREMAN.
Foreman, country planing mill, steady Job.
$4 a day.
Machine hand and bench nand, country mill,
steady. $3 .'.O a day.
Woodturner, country planing-mill, fare $1.
$3 50 a day.
Shincler long Job. country, *ood wages.
' CORNICE- MAKERS.
SEE BOSS HERE. SEE BOSS HERE.
FARE PAID.
6 cornice-makers for S.'ittle, fare paid, see
boss here, 8 hours flay. 54 a day.
TANK ERECTOR.
Redwood tank builder, lon« Job, $4« to $4 50
a day, country.
OTHERS.
Camp —alter, fare 10c. $30 found.
Baker'e helper, city Job. $30 found.
Nurse for institution, fare 15c, $25 found.
MARRIED.
Cook and wife, small hotel, faro 00c, $C 0 fd.
10 laborers to run cars, muck and general
work arcund mine, no exoerlcnce needed,
you'll do. $CO.
FREE FARE.
10 lßborers, company work, near city, $37 50
found.
15 laborers around rock crusher and quarry.
$Co. /
FREE FARE. (
20 laborers to help carpenters and general
laboring work around big plant, free fare,
$2 day. »
MURRAY & READY. C 34-630 Clay Bt.
"" " LATE ONES. -
THEY ARE GOOD.
Cook, mine, good Job. south, $60 found.
Cook, camp, near city, French or Italian,
$60 and found.
Cook, restaurant, Sonoma County, $50 found
CARPENTERS.
6 carpenters, company work, fare 50c, $3 day.
• FIREMAN.
Fireman, ranch, fare SI, $40 found.
Sticker hand, country mill, south, $3 60 day.
EDGERMAN.
Gang edirerman, sawmill, Santa Cruz Co.,
175 and found.
2 stablemen, country stables, $35 found.
Buggy-washer, company stables, city. $15 wk
Brickmaker. by contract.
FREE FARE
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK
100 laborers, section and extra gangs.
FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay st.
WANTED — A young unmarried man for a
pomtion In a countr> bank as bookkeeper
and teller: must, possess a thorough bank
training with a view to fill position as
cashier later; state age. experience and
names of previous employers. Box 7748. Call.
WANTED — Hop pickers have a pleasant vaca-
tion and make money; lists now open; regis-
ter early, lists close as soon as required num-
ber of pickers Is secured. AMERICAN HOP
AND BARLEY COMPANY. 227 California.
FOUR or five good bench hands for j>lan:ug
mill; must be good cabinet-makers and hard-
wood finishers. Address Santa Clara Valley
Mill and Lumber Co.. box 236, Ban Jose.
BUPHELMAN wanted. Apply E. HARRIS &
CO.. Market Bt., corner Sixth.
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
WANTED — Experienced cashiers for dry. goods
store. Apply between v and 11 a. m. at
•HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man with college education,
, one who has taken up a special English
course, as an understudy to learn advertis-
ing. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
: BROS.'
1 — -^_—_^^—_— —___—.———_—————————————————
I EXPF.IUKNCED drapery salesman wanted.
, Apply betwaen U and 11 a. m. at HALE
! BROS.'
! DRESS goods salesman wanted; must be -ex-
I perienc*-d. Apply between U and 11 a. m. at
! HALE BROS.'
• EXPERIENCED domestic salesman wanteJ.
1 Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
j BROP-'
I WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
! dry goods bundle wrapper. Apply between a
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
j YOUNG men from 18 to 20 years of age wanted
to learn the dry goods business. Apply be-
tween 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced pan washer in bftkery.
Call after 8 a. m.. IU Larkln st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, for Sound, south
coast, New York, Europe. Lane's, 504 Davis.
FIRST-CLASS merchant tailor's cutter want-
, cd. Anuly box 6044. Call office.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade free.
San Francisco Barber College, 711 A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Phelan bid.
j Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
I MEN to go on chips to Australian and other
I ports. At HERMAN'S, 27 Steuart Bt.
MEN wanted at ICS -3d St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery: aewed solos 10 mm., 750
; LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
I Law and Adjustment Co., 4'.t 2d St., r. 522.
I WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., nr. Mar-
j ket — 7(H) rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
; free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
! A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
t ion of advertisements ar.d subscriptions has
been opened at IOOS Market st., ooposite
Fifth. Onen until 11 p. m.
SALESMEN WAXTED,
WANTED— Salesmen to sell KINLOCH '<
HOUSE PAINT and F. T. A. ROOF &
IRON PAINT to stcree; experience unneces-
sary; excellent side lines; samples. Pa-
cific Distributing Co.. 310 Sacramento si.,
Ean Francisco Cal.
HOUSES AXD TVAGOAS. "»
NEW and second-hand vehicles of all descrip-
tions always on hand; also a large stock of
harness, robes ani whips. O'HRIKN. &
SONS. 500 Golden Gate aye.
A FINE camp wagon, 6-year-old mare, $75;
grocery wagon, $35; 2 cheap horses. Cart,
$12; harness, saddles. 1019 Folsom st.
I NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
roys and harness. LEIUOLD HARNESS CU,
211 Larkln st., San Francisco.
A — FOR sale — One very last pacer and 3 good
young horses; 1300 pounds. 411 Sixth gt.
HAVING taktn fine light buegy on mortgage,
fell cheap. 255 Stevenson st.
WAGONS and buggies of all kinds; cheap at
100 Golden Gate aye.
'AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir- I
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & C 0.,20 Montgomery, j
FIVE sunny rooms and bath; all modern lm- •
provements; rent $20. • -1-Vi Fourteenth at.,
near Howard. ,
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGJE, 5 rooms; $0; Mlssion-st. cars to
- Crescent ' ave., -en to First st. to right. Ap-
ply 17 Roscoe st. •' "
COTTAGESTFOR SALE. "
fc McLEOD, Inc..
\3IS2 22d St.. NEAR MISSION.
$2350— 0ur . bargain to-day: a nice ; little home,
4 rooms and bath; -gas; enclosed porch;
high basement ; - large lot and fine garden
on level: only % block to cars; ; warmest^
part of the Mission; only $500 down and
balance like rent; will go" quick; come
: early.
;»ttSLPAVAXTEp— FEMALE—- Continued
..- _.i..\._i(j wile, cook asd porter, in store.. slo
."'. . <J cooks $35-s±o
f\u25a0' Cdok lor sn;_ll hotel WO
: * • . .^'o^K «— id — econd ijlrl, same hou&e, Lakj.
r. .' Cour.ty. B e% lady this morning $30-*2O
. S s*vund fcirls , - . $20-s;is
Charjibtrmaid. city hotel $:>>
Oiambermajd. no roorn...^. '. $8 week
C__mbermaid, Santa Barbara, Bee party in
. • \u25a0 city X 25
» •W—itreeses, city and country hotels. .. .$25
3 nuree-girls $15-s_O-'*3o
.. Housework. Ross Valley $35
•Housekeeper, one man. Santa Cruz $15
Girls.- assist in bakery... '.$2O
\u25a0 . 2 chambermaids and •* altresses for the
.Kaxr.e country hotel, fare paid ..$25 each
\u25a0 Cook, city. 3 in the family ...$3O
V\e .want a large number of domestics for
housework in ihe city _nd for the coun-
try at best of w&ees.
. . J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 gutter 6t.
• CIRL6 to learn halrdreeeing, manicuring. ma»-
•\u25a0 sate,- «]tc.. from A to Z in 1 mo. for $5 to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per areek up; day and evening
clsfs. College, 234 P«'!«t et.. room 17. 2d floor.
WANTED — CJiris to lt-arn millinery for fall; 2
Benson* frcm start to nni«h in 1 mo. for $15;
. positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
. now for Aug. positions. 5ch001, 234 Post. r. 16.
MILLINERY taught 1 mo. for $5; learn now
for Aug. positions; sits, guaranteed; eve.
school only. 234 Poet St., room 16.
. WOMEN and girls wanted immediately; eiso
.. experienced cartnera: steady work and high-
est ray. Apply CALIFORNIA CANNERIES
; CO., 423 Brannan. St., bet. Third and Fourth.
)f : ==
WOMEN and girls wanted; also car.ners;
et*a<Jy work; highest wages. CALIFORNIA
PRESERVING -.C0.. factory B^ach and Ini-
pont sts., at North Beach eeawall.
• AA— OPERATCtRS wanted on ladies' under-
' • *«ex to work in factor}'- t«SS Mission ft..
ttlrd . floor.
; AA— OPERATORS wanted on ladies' shirt-
.. ••" waists to work in factory- 656 Mission st..
:• third, floor.
. OPERATORS on ladles' waists. t>s6 Mission
• Ft., third floor.
/.OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. f>s6 Mis-
\u25a0BiOJi f-t/, third floor.
•• ..WANTED — Hop pickers have a pleasant vaca-
tion and make money; lists now open: regis-
ter .early, lists close as sr>on as required nu:n-
fcer of pickers is secured. AMERICAN HOP
AND BARLEY COMPANY. 227 California.
WANTED— An experienced cock for a small
f— tally 1b AJarr.eda; one having been wiih
\u25a0Gen pen family preferred. Call 10 to 12, at
177* Bush «., g; F.
. RESPECTABLE. mi-JJle-eged !aiv t •> <lo cliam-
• ; . • . .J^rwork iv rooming-house part of th* <lay:
wa*»s $1.2 to $15 r>er n-iontlj <md rro.-n. Call
at 205 Perry tt.. near Fourth.
WANTED — Exp»rienc€"l stenographer and
typist, Apply, etatir.e age. exi>erience snd |
F»"i»ry expected. b»x 7712, Call office. j
r WAMT_— ) — First-class Ft^noprapher, must i
_"..* have good references, neat appearance; t-tate I
'.experience. F,rx 7711. Call. j
A — FIRST-CLASS »ai!c'resF on custom ooat!=: !
«-t»a(sy work; good pay. 633 Natoma st. {
WSIiUKQ plrl. geoenJ housework, assist with j
v .\u25a0 .«~.klr:g. Bf'l FUl!TH>re 6t.. cor. Grove.
' OIRL ?cr general h^'jsework and plain cook-
; ing/ 1216 fu'.ton st., S. F.
EXI'FyRIENCKP lady bnokke^rer »md cashier. |
Call fcetwen S ard 10, 171 Fourth et.
I;X4*nRIENCEI> saleslady for bookstore. IV.x
TTIS, Call.
YCViWO norr.an tp do day work. ]510 Ken- J
tuck r *t. j
WOMAN to clean apartment of A rooms; few !
bouts daily. Apr?> » to 11. 508 Bush ?t.
V/aNTED — A competent head trimmer and 1
• workroom .manager. *hn has had U^p&rt- j
nifrt store exp-rienre; those who liave not j
•tervei in like capacity n?ed not apply, vvrito I
tviih full particulars \o O. a. HALE & CO..
Ran Jose.
\u25a0'BliJfiHT young — oneii to learn the dry goods
• ' business. Arply between 9 ani 11 a. m. at
HALF. BgQS.'
PAI.i:PV.riMKN with exprrienoo wanted. Apply
~l .ttetw eep *. and ll a. m.. at HALE BROS.'
• . M-;%VIN<» rr.achire (.peratr.rf on -overall j >; no
..' ' exixripnce r.ecpssary. LEVI ?TTtAL'SS &
C«.'.. ;;-' s Fremont st. MR. DAVIS.
BJ^PSB—GNCCD buttonhole operator on Singer
yf-winp machirie. LXVI STl ; lAl--i;S & CO..
Mr. l'avis, '.l-M Fremont st.
•• SJiiRT >our.s p'iri about 16 to tie ends. etc.
JCxcelcior Glove Co., 415 Market Ft.
; WANTED — A young '.ady as working house-
' • • keeper for small family Box 77<J f >, Call.
.AN elderly lady a^ housekeeper for 2 In fam-
. il>': good home. Box 7717. Call office.
PERMANENT h^me fancy -work [or ladles
grlwen" at 1."44 Market st.-. npp. 7th. 9 to 5.
i)Anili:R fc — Cmploymrut and Supplies.
$lf.ft — TTl'O-CnALR barber chop, complete; In
Mission, good location; steady trade; low
rent; B&at be sold: bargain. COLEMAN, 311
Jtmes Flood building.
BARBER shops, city and country; have eev»ral
ißQUlries for fair payins shops; only those
that can a^and Investigation may apply to
D.- STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
BARBER shop, 1257 Mission St., n?ar N-inth; i
V $130 buys a good 2-chair shop with 2 rooms j
and bath.
WANTED — Barber evenings. Saturday and !
; Sun_ay; call Thursday. 225^4 Fifth st.
GQOD barber wants a steady Job Saturday
evening after 7 and Sunday. Box 7710, Call.
T~i*O-CHAIR barber shop for eale; $150: 402 j
\u25a0 Brannan st.. cor. Third; trade $30 week.
BARBER shop for sale; going East. 936>£
Howard «t. .
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
AT HORD h SMITH'S, 741 Mission st., near
Third _nd 628 WasViington St., near Kearny.
* . ICErVADA! RAILROAD WORK, NEVADA!
. ' Fre« •fare. . Nevada: To-day!
60 teiirr.E t era, $2 to $2 25.
" Ship to-day to Nevada.
No discount! Utah Construction Company.
FREE FARE. TO-DAY.
B. P. Company's own work.
Extra g'-.iir- . Tracklaylng
and ballasting-, ship to-day.
60 laborers, S2 to S2 25.
. FREE FAR". FREE FARE.
Special ehiprnent to-day.
Ca— -a waiter, city, $30.
Laborers, $2, near city.
.". " Bricklayer*, company work. Big Job.
.Carpenters, Tonopah. ?4 and board.
Laborers, north, f 2 50.
, " Teamsters, north, ?2 25.
Laborers, Free Fare. ?2.
Tunnel man, $2 50.
- •" ' Long Job tunnt-1 men, $2 50.
GO TO-DAY.
' Remember w • ship to Nevada to-day.
' FREE FARE.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT
AGENCr.
(The Company that Pent 500 Men to Alaska
July 31)
635 Washington rt. Phnne James 3301.
FREE FARE.
..- 25 laborers, rtea3y work. $CO, and you see
J .'boss hTe; ship to-day, 12 o'clock.
T- \u25a0 \u25a0 DRILLERS.
r.O drillers, road" work, $2 2T, day. fare $1 25.
This Is a fine J->b: good climate; long Job.
C miner*, nor.th S2 50 cay, 8 hours; bd. $18.
15 laborers, tame place. SCO; dishwashers,
« mine camp Ftsße fare advanced, $25 and fd.;
. Macksnith*. oaron. ?1 day; machinists, Jum-
l>r company, $3 50 day.
. Big Electric Plant. Menaocino County.
25 T2 1C :o $2 2D day. fare refunded.
40 laborers »nfl woodsmen, Mendocino Coun-
* ty. fso and found.
C la*orers, placer mine, $2 70 day.
Milkers, south. $32 60; leborers. 15c tare, $2
Pa'cTFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
655 Waehington st. Phone James 3301.
CREAMERY man, f75: choreman and T.-ife,
<f4O; farmer and wife, $50: bootblack, $I<>
wf^k; tnilkers, ?55 and $40; choreman, $1
<laj ? ; carpenters, S3 M day: wo<jd-choppers
for mine, tee boss In, city: blacksmith for
FawrniH. ?50; mlnere, ?3 day; hotel coolc, ,
$s*o; restaurant ccoks, JlO week and *05 per
month: :iur6t. orderly for hospital, porters
and ethers.
.T. T. CROSETT & Co.. C2S Sacrarr.ento st.
ANPRE'P Office. Sl7 Stockton st.
French cook and wife for chamberwork.
$(«}\u25a0 vegetable cardener and wife to tend
poultry. $.*>o: dishwaEher. $S0; waiter, $40;
gardener. *SZ. etc.
, WANTED — 100 men to circulate petitions for
high llfense at the r*>'ls on August 8; will .
pay $2 for day's work; must be . registered 3
voiers honest and thoroughly reliable. Ap-
Aply room 11. 212 Sansome et., 8 a.m. to 5 pm. I
'.'.'ANTED — Fir-Ft-class wood carver at $4 SO .
per <ifem. Apply to Naval Constructor, ]
navj- yard. Mare Island. Cal.
; INVALID CHAIRS.
! SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturer of the
\u25a0 Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; teLPark 775.
! t LOST AND FOUND.
$50 REWARD tor one white and black spot-
' ted hound, lost June «, between Cloverdale
; and Boonville. "G. W. M." tattooed in one
; car. Aodress SID GOSHONG, .Cloverdale.
i Cal.
, IRISH Setter lost on Ashbury Heights August
I 1. . Return to 179 Tremont aye. and re-
I ceive reward.
j LOST — Black SDaniel bitch, name "Glp"' on
I $25 reward return. 11.- Beldeman.
1 LOST — Knight Templar charm; liberal reward.
j Apply 112 Washington st.
1 LOST — St. Bernard dog; yellow and white. 397
; Sixth et.; tel. Mint 4581; reward.
i LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
I ,
; C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St., for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 5J4.
MONEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)-
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST !HS AND ii PER CENT.,..
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTS Y
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates tn probate, undivided' interests In prop-
erty, probate realty lean*, stccks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
..:.. MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.....
Suite 107-1U& Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5924.
R.. McCOLGAN.
, Rooms 801 and 302 Hearst building.
Third floor. Examiner entrance.
Deal directly with lender and cave expense.
I/oans any amount at 5% and « per cent
On first, second and third mortgages.
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE.
Undivided Interests in estate and property.
Money advanced to prevent foreclosure.
NO DELAY.
Phone Main 6516.
AA— ' • MONEY TO LOAN '
On furniture, pianos, warehouse receipt* or
security of any kind, without removal; . we
make loans on the EASIEST' PLAN In the
WORLD: payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE: In case of SICKNESS or less of
EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND THE LOANS:
you take no chance of LOSING your GOODS.
This is a TRUST COMPANY: our rates are
RIGHT and no DESERVING PERSON is re-
- fused: CASH ADVANCES made, to salaried
people. LINCOLN FINANCE CO.. rooms 15-
16, 759 Market st.. opp. Phelan building.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, '
601-602-003 Examiner building.
Quick tettlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortcaget>, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased: 1' '\u25a0
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. v .
~ WILL LOAN.
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or S3 • • /
Mortgages on real estate. '
In city, town or country.
. ~.\\ >Low rate Of Interest. '
Give full particulars ; •/
• • of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223, Call office.
HIGHLY resnectablo private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at I
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
fl'7B Market St.. tel.- Main 1644. Branch. 1102
Market st. and 27 Third at. .
SALARY LOANS— .
Money loaned salaried people without security
or indorsement, knowledge of . employer or
any one: confidential ahd courteous treatment:
' call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid*.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, j retail mer-
chants, teamsters, 'boarding-bouses, without
security: easy payments: large business tn 40
principal cities. TOLM AN. 553 Parrott bid?.
ANY' amount> quickly on : furniture or piano
' without r removal; or other security: lowest
rates; -.no commission; confidential. - 506-7
Donohue bldg.. 8 Taylor, st..- corner Market.
A — Lew-est : rates op real - estate, " Ist or • 2nd
mortgages, life insurance ur , any security;
any amount. O.W. BECKER, 30 Geary.r.3B.
ORIGINAL Uncle BUI— If you look for lowest
rate of Interest and square deal. - Old ..Flood
bid.. SOt) Market, cor. 4th. suite l:-est.--I868.
ALVA'CO. (The) loans money to salaried people
\u25a0without security: good terms and easy pay-
ments; also on other security. 507 Flood bldg.
CENTER & SP<\t>Kß, . '. .
It Montgomery st.
By order of the executors of the last win and
testament of HENRY HORSTMAN. deceasM.
we offer for sale the following described .prop-
erty :
SE. line of Howard St.. 117 feet NE. from
Seventh, thence NE. alon» Howard St. 48 feet.
by a uniform depth of ICO feet.
NW. line of Harrison st., 113 1-12 feet NE.
from Sixth, thence NE. along Harrison st.
24:5 1-12 feet, by uniform depth of SO feel.
NW. line of Howard st., 200 feet NE. from
I Fourth, thence, NE. along Howard st. 50 feet
I by a uniform depth of 70 feet.
SE. lino of Berry st., 275 feet SW. .from
Fifth, thence SW. along Berry st. 45 10-12 feet
by _ uniform depth of 240 feet.
Undivided one-half Interest In the fblldwinjs"
SE. corner Bryant and Eighth sts. and hav-
ing a frontage of 100 feet on Eighth and co
j feet on Bryant. " •
J Offers for any of the properties herein de—
1 scribed accompanied by a 10 per cent deposit
j will be recelve-1 by CENTER A SPADER '-at
any time prior to August 1, 19C3. I
1 The highest acceptable offer will .be pre-
sented to the Probate Court for confirmation.-
CENTER A SPADER,
-?-\u25a0•\u25a0'.?*: 11 Montgomery st.
BUY ONE BEFORE • \u25a0
THEY ADVANCE IX PRICE.
$1 25 lER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES. •
$223 for choice . lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table; on grade;,
close to school and Mlsslon-st. electric cars; *"
bound to double in value. . •
$400 each en installments of $10 per month:
no taxes; fine lots: near Ocean boule.vard: b«st
residence location south of Golden Gate Park:
thP3e are the cheapest lots In this district;
advancing in price rapidly.
I W. J. WHITE COMPANY.- •'.' "
1 2« Montgomery gt.. r. 9. Phone Main 370t
$3200-fRENTS $27; 2 nice flafs. vicinity of
Sixta and Harrison sts. ; lot 25x75. with fin-
prospective ralue. W. H. CRIM & CO.. US
I Montgomery st.
$47CO— RENTS $47; 4 nice flats, vicinity "of
Sixth and Harrison sts.: lot :i?:<tx9O. w. H.
CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st. • " .
$15.000 — FINE fl-room house, storeroom. .lauti-
ury. basement; lot 34:4%x127:514. -22uG
Jackson st., frcm 2t05 p. m. • ••.
DON'T build before Investigating Marshall A
Steams" patent fixtures for apartments aM
cottages. Arcnson bldg.. 84 Third at.. v
SPECIAL— 2 mode— 1 flats In Western Addi-
tion; must sell. Call 332 Hyde st. " • .
FKEE — Our booklet on plumbing: write AHL-
BACH A MATER plumbers. SM Howard*!.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For «\u25a0_•*.
FOR hotet. sanitarium or beautiful home My
horn* reserve and Chittenden 3n!phur Springs
at Chittenden, Santa Cruz Co.. Cal. ' Only
great group of medicinal sulphur spVing* .'
easily accessible from S. F. Trajha stop at
Cblttenden staticn within 300 feet of springs
Fine climate, beautiful scenery, best p«rt o£
Plate. SSCOO worth of improvements all ne~
Great water right, fine water system, b&u-
tifullT landscaped grounds, every conveni-
ence; 36 acres choicest soil; a grand pltcs*
and a sreat opportunity to make' moijey.
Price $10.C0O. very easy terms. Owner T
CHITTENDEN. Chittenden. Cal. . • 5
$2700 CASH buys a fine little pUc« of 12 acre*
in the poultry center; a new hard-finished
4-room cottage, with bathroom and pantry,
stable and double chicken house and a cas'a
well of fine water: also 10% acres unim-
proved for $10«O: easy terms and a bijr bar-
£ aln -., Y rit * t( V h * owner B - ARTHUR. • '
Cotatl, Sonoma County. Cal.
FREE— BEST CATALOGUE OJ" POULTRY-
FEUIT. ALFALFA, DAIRY AND STOCK
RANCHES. BURR-PA DDOX CO. 40 M\JnS
gornery st.. San Francisco. Cal.
CALIFORNIA land: alfalfa." corn, fruit. Vines. .
grain, stock, suburban: moderate terms? cata-
logues fr.ee. C. M. Wooster Co.. &>3 Market. .
WE lead them all for poultry ranches. Batchel-
or & Starke. Penngrove. Sonoma County. Cal.»
BURLING AME REAL ESTATE.*
ON a cold, foggy day take a . ride to -Bur- .
llngame and nots the difference m» climate*
You will enjoy the outing. A delightful pl.vs
close to the city. Beyond question the l->ts
we are offering for sale directly at the sta-
tion are the best bargains tn the market: btcr
lots. sCxloO and larger, for $450; terms $00
cash, $10 monthly. Only a few lots left at
these lour price.*. Office on groundo.
, LYOX A HOAQ. 118 Montgomery at.
SAL'SALITO REAL ESTATE.* .
I HAVE some desirable property for sale 'la •
Sausalito: both improved and unimproved;
cash or terms. See W. H. ATKINSON. '
room t;0 Chronicle builJlns. *
\u25a0 \u25a0 ' _ ——————^
* Continued on la*« 14.
.... - . _ \u25a0 —
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 COMMERCIAL ST.— PHONE BUSH 833.
GASOLINE ENGINEER north. $3.00.
GASOLINE ENGINEER, north $75 found.
FREE FARE: — C Boss here — 25 laborers, $6i).
SPECIAL CHEAP FARE TO-DAY.
NEW JOB— NORTH. COMB AND SEE ,
BOSS; fare refunded; company work; no i
discount: 35 LABORERS, 3 years' Job, $45
to $50 and found.
9000 men for all classes of work. What do :
you do? Call and read our Bulletin boards i
to-day— 2o CARPENTERS. S COOKS, etc. !
BAKER wanted at once for bread and cakes; 1
country place; wages $15 per week and J
room. Inquire room 318, James Flood bldK. \u25a0
BAKERY foreman on cakes, etc., wanted at j
once for steady place with good salary. Call
room 318, James Flood building,
MILLWRIGHTS wanted; none but mechanics
need apply. BOLANDER & HALLAWELL.,
509 Mission Et. |
10 TRUNK makers; steady work. American '
Box and Trunk Factory. 825 Brannan st.
YOUNG man for bookstore; must be ex-
perienced. Box 7713, Call. m .
EXPERIENCED man to set up school desks.
Box 7714, Call.
YOUNG man to work in tailor shop; room,
lyerd, urn all wages. UiO9 Sutter et.
WANTED — A man to work on a ranch. Apply
119 Tenth st.
COMPETENT bookkeeper at Florence, Or..'
pfefer man with some experience in lumber:
chance for advancement. Address, giving
age, reference and salary expected, box 7634,
Call office. .
AN enjoyable, profitable outing; pick hops in
August; special rate tickets now ready; j
corn* early as only a limited number can be 1
sold. E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Bat-
tery Et.
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $S0 !
to $150 per month salary paid our graduates; i
our six schools Indorsed by all railroads; day '
and evening session; apply for catalogue, j
Morse School of Telegraphy, 26 O'Farrell st. j
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for i
postoffice, internal revenue, bookkeeper, Jt— '
partm.;nt clerk and' other 'Government posi-
tions; particulars \u25a0 free; open day and eve. •
Pacific Correspondence Institute, 1095 Market
WANTED — Bright yvjths. Id veara of age, for
office, wrapping desks and window . dress-
er's assistants. Apply Superintendent's of-
flc«. The Emporium.
V.'ANTED — Competent, reliable man . for small
bakery; must thoroughly understand his
business; wages $50 and. found. Box 774U,
Call orfice.
MEN to learn the barber trade; 8 weeks com-
pletes; positions guaranteed; wages- earned
while learning: call or write. Gillman's Bar-
ber College, U27 Clay st.. near Montgomery.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics . to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Handy man to make himself gen- j
. erally useful In bakery. Call after S a. m., I
111 Larkln et. j
WANTED — Live wagon man, also solicitor.
Dyeing and Cleaning Works, 1629 Grove St.,
Oakland,
WANTED — Salesman who can sell butter and
eggs to city (trocery trade; references. Box
61 54, Call office. .
SCHOOLBOY to carry morning paper in Mis- !
elon; also south of Harrison. Apply bet. 1
4 and 5, 1323 Mission st.
WANTED — At once, ! roadmaster for Central
America. Apply GEORGE A. MOORE &
CO.. 208 California st. „
WANTED — Gcod fraternal Insurance solicitor
for Oakland: a resident preferred; references.
Box 7930. Call. :
WANTED— PupiIs to learn cutting. and design-
Ing of men's garments. School of Practical i
cutting. fllC Market St., room 60. I
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks; situa-
tions-guaranteed; wages while learning. Call
or address Moler's Barber College, 644 Clay.
WANTED — Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-!
trie light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. Bd. 1
MAN In sole leather room. United I Working- I
men's Boot and Shoe Co., 25th and Bartlett. {
WANTED — Good railroad telegraph operators. I
Apply 223 Powell St., room 1. I
WANTED-^ laborers: ! Fourteenth aye. and N
et. South; take Kentucky-ut. cars., ••-•
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1062 McAllister st.
WANTED — Seamen and ordinary seamen for
New York. THOS.' MURRAY. 510 Davis st.
SECOND-HAND water pipes that -will stand
! pr=ssure in lengths of trom 12 to 20 feet,
with all couplings (new) and recut threads,
covered with paraffine paint, ready to U3e.
1 in., 3V- U. ; 1-i In., tic ft.; 2 in., he ft.
'iVi in.. 10c ft.; A in.. 12V5C ft.: 3V4 in.. 15c ft.
4 In,. lUc ptr ft.; 6 In.. 24c ft.; « in.. :{oc ft.
To avoid unnecessary correspondence we
will say that this is all right and guaran-
teed; stnd money by Wells, Fargo — Co.'s
Express or mall order.
K. S WHITE MACHINERY COMPANY.
Otnce. 130 Beale St.. S. F.
2D-HANl>ittiachtnery. engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; set Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 13C-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 150-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENI-ER, 625 Mission St.. S. F.
LARGEST stock in city; second-hand belting,
also planing mill machinery, engines, boilers
and electrical machinery. JOHNSON &
HORAN. 602 Third st.
ALL kinds of second-hand machinery, boilers,
engines, shafting and pulleys bought and
, sold. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 5J05 Market »t.;
phone South 87.
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 336 Main St. \u25a0
FOR sale cheap — Double cylinder gas or oil
engine; 20-horsepower. Apply corner Army
\u25a0 and Condon sts.
A— GENT'S full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton st., second floor.
SMITH-PREMIER typewriter: good order. Ap-
jily 103S Market st.
MILES of plp» and flttirK*. all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
A VERY fine 25-stone lady's diamond studd«kl
locket at «. bargain. 10 Sixth st.
ALL kinds camp furniture rented. ROSS-
McMAHON CO.. 35 Market st.
ARMY shoos. $1 55: U. S. N. flannel shirts.
$1 20; open eve. Mechanics' Store. 574 4th.
TAVQ merry-go-rounds; one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI. 805 Kearny st. -
HIOH grade 2.1-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California. ;
SAFES— New ani second-hand. THE HER- j
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
2D-HAND bldjt^ material; lumber, door. «ash.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mark»t-
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:*
bargains. BULLARD & BRF.CK. 131 Post st.
A 'BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion i-f advertisements ana subscriptions has
been opened at ldis Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS WAJTTS.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 925. - 650 Sacramento. I
WILL pay- highest price? for all kinds good 1
castoff clothing. 822 Folsom; tel. Jessie -MB. j
DIAMONDS, etc.. bc<ght for cash. Karl Eber
A Co.. 400-40 X Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny st.
BUILDINGS and building material bought. Tha
Dolan Co.. 1607 Market St.; phone Jessie 2921. \u25a0
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEST renting stock In the city; good uprights
at $2 per mo. ; some at $2 50; our own make.
$:i: cne year's rental allowed off purchase
price. SCOTT-CURTAZ. SSO Hayes st.
A LARGE stock of standard clanos; all more
or less used; prices $W» ud. BENJAMIN
CL'RTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.; Chlcker-
ing agency.
ALMOST giv^n away: unredeemed storage pi-
unog. furn. Whitehead's storage. 1636 Mkt.
MUST sell to-day; elegant Fischer upright.
554 Valencia at.
SOHMER. Byron Manzy pianos. CeclHan piano
player. BYRON MAU2Y. 30S-312 Post st.
NEW. upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
roents. SCHMITZ A CO.. 18 McAllister at.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand.
Shoninger little used. Keeffe's. 2SsO'FarreU.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
Ifi pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MUSEUMS.
DR. LIEBIG~BTAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market St.. near Sixth.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
BAKERY to rent; an old-establishment; good
opportunity for correct party; rent cheap.
2750 Twenty-fourth st.
PERSONALS.
LADIES, attention — Two competent ladies,
pupils of Delsarte and Mme. Priest, will
take a limited number of ladles, wishing to
reduce their superfluous flesh; full informa-
tion. Call 1225 Geary at., flrst floor, or
phone East 4461.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove ruga, silk portieres, dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Oeo. Matthews. 709 Fifth at.. Oakland.
AT less than- cost; uncalled for suit*, over-
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'
London Tailor. 721 Market st. .
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, halrdress-
era. Star Remedy Co.. 821 Polk at.
NOTHING down. $1 a week to Keep n«n
dressed. Peerless Tailoring Co.. 231 Post si
S UKAND new taller-made men's suits cost
$23, for $9 7S. 440 Bush, nr. California Hotel.
,50 ASSORTED souvenir postal cards prepaid
ZOc. BACIGALUPI. 7S« Mission at.
$1 A WEEK; stilts to order $15 up. LEMOa.
1127Mgrket St.. between Seventh & Eighth.
MASQUERADE -costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders: GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
HELP WAJVTED — MALI: — Continued. !
A— MURRAY & READY. PHONE
C34-i:;j<j Clay ex. MAIN r>SIS. '
Loading Kmjjloynjent and Labor Agenis.
We E ave In 1004 18C5 we hope to j
04.0u» men work. Increase u-»,000.
FKEE FARE. •
GOLD MINE— OTxiEIt MINES.
1«6 tlnt-ie and duuble liand drillers, $30, !
$S2 5C>, $75.
Uti mutkerti. carn-.pn, etc., 575.
'M "laborers, no experience, for mines, ?GO.
1- laborers to learn mining, 560.
18& drillers, quarries, tunnela. etc., $75.
!!<• laborers, lai'^e counti-y laclorv, *$ou.
LABORERS— TKAMSTEFIS.
SVo lab«rt-rs and leamsters uifferent jnba,
some in San Krancito'o, *J. »2 Z'o, $2 60 day;
come «cc us.
DRILLERS AND QUARRYMEN.
84 <ir.jir:> ;;nj quarryruen, different places,
«<57 W> to J75.
FAKMS, ORCHARDS, ETC.
65 general ranch hands?. $.10, $35. $40 fd.
'HARVEST AND HAY. BALING HELP.
So men. different positions. $1 50, $^ and
$2 r.O day and found.
12 hay balers, different plaors. 15c, lCc, 25c
tan.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
37 men aiiU boy* lor chores", $15, $20, $25. 5"0 i
atiu tcur.d. '
•i roichrcen. 2 Eardener», $40 and found.
UAIRYMEN.
25 milkers, buttt-i niu . iu-rse niakere, ?iJO,
$<;n, HQ Biid lound.
FREE Ti> SAWKILLS AND WOODS.
3<is la borera, lere paid; you'll suit; f.to, $40, !
$45 and found. ;
12ii expi-rioncf^l woodrmen, raUlnien, from
piling (umber to manager of mills and
— ooda, Bi.'>. $ii). $r,o. $00, 87ft. $-SO. ?do, iiz6
momh and i«uiid; coir;o and see us.
STABLEIIEN.
20 st^tlcrren, dirtorent Jobs, $36 and found |
to JfliO. *75.
MECHANICAL.
18 BRICKLAT>;RB
For Seattl*; your -fa r^ paid: usual wagen.
Chipper, foundry, fart $-i. mine, $fi7 50.
BlackFinith. BtructuraJ \=rork. No. 1 job.
12 movers. |_c each. ;
Floonnaa. l>'a.c_ sriith. San Mat?o $3 day up i
Blacksmith, r.o shooiny. far-» J sl 25; $50 fd. |
Blacksmith or a wrodworker, fare $2 f>o - '
$\u25a0'! 50 a oar
26 blacksr.-.iThs, horsrshtvrs etc $! $3 50
?•\u25a0!. ."?2 50 day. ' '
Blacktnrith. rr.achiri«. Government job. ?75 j
and found :
CAR BUILDERS.
1« car t.uildTs. ?[Wi p. tnonUi.
25 slack coopers. $10 anri found.
Scalar. lunilxjr company, $75; offbearer. !
$S2 SQ.
CARPENTKRS. ~
'2C> carpenter*, different city and country-
jobs. $4. $3 50. $3 day.
Bia< ksrvmh. country club, boss h/frf. $40 fd.
OOLUi-A COUNTY.
20 laboiors and teamsters ?c7 50
; Ml.'flßAY & READY. lCt-636 Clay st.
CCtOKS. COOKS. COOKS?
45 .nnkv, differpnt placrs. $00 $75, $50 $40
fo«ni.
WAITKRS. WAITERS. U'AITKRP
valter— , different places. $45. $40. $3(1,
$25 ard tound.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAKBRP
36 iJlshwa.stiers. liifferent jobs. $3-\ $.'.O. $25,
?20 and tound.
LAf N DRV M EH, BELLBOYS.
3S laundry, all classes, $3. $2 50, $.2 day.
fcv»:i ami elevator boys, different jobs. $15.
520 and found. /
MURRAY &- READY. 634-633 Clay Bt.
MISCELLANEOUS. I
2« I>->\f, Itarn trades, rtc, $4. $5. ?U week, j
2 young: men, candy Ptrr"g. $3 week found. I
LAUNDRY.
2 ftarch ironers. San«a Cruz. $2 25 day.
BAKERS.
Man work about duck liresfrve. ?25 found;
fare i-aid.
Man tak<» i-harge of bootbla/rk stand." $30 fd.
MURRAY * READY. 631-636 Clay st.
15 S COAL miners'. New Mfxico.
HURRAY S.- READY. HU-636 Clay st.
A — NEW WORK— FREK FARE.
155 Italia".".
ISB Portturuese.
155 Austrians.-
1.">5 Hi aniar-.'s or Mexicans.
155 ru}"s, Hur^ariyns or Russians.
S2 day: steady .i^lis: s«»e us.
MURRAY £• READY. f«4-C3<> Clay st.
MOiVEY TO LOAX— Tontlnired.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest: gold,
silver, diamonds pearls ar.d precious stones
bought at W. J. HKSTHAL'S. 10 Sixth *t.
LOANS en diamond*, watehei and Jiwelry;
private offices. 400-401 Adams building. 20«
Kearny Ft. Gkbe Mercantile and I»an Co.
aALAIin.D people without security; also on
furn.. estates in probate, life tns. policies, etc
Emplrg Loan A Invent. Co.. <il2 Parrott bids
WE loan on property C 5 to 80 per cent on valu-
ation. If you need money see us.
McGARVIE A CO.. 720 Market st.
MONEY. Money Money.
Any preposition. 4tf 2d St.. WeKs-Farirn Ex-
pret=s bldg. ' "Wag? Earn«r»* Invt. & Loan Co.
A — ONE per cent per month on valuables.
. PORTLAND JEWELRY CO.. 23 Stockton »t.
A.VT amount real estate or other security;
lIQO up. W. J. WHITE. 2tt Montgomery, r. 3.
LOAXS— Salaried people: "confidential"; 2 per
cent: chattels, etc. 456 Montgomery, r. SIS.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you se«
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank b;d.
TO Baianed people without swur.ty. The Wnlts
Co.. 420 California »t.. raoms H and 15.
ALL loans un iiia:nonds ,Vr Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collatera-Loan Bank. S.TS Kearny.
CASH loaned (.%'aried people on notes without
ir.corser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bids.
MEDICAL.
L»ll. O. W. O'DONNELL— Ladles, all who are
sick or in trouble, consult this specialist on'
fvnwtle complaints; positively corrected; the
untortunate helped: ihe must UllAcuit cases
treated; every case taken; Immediate relief:
no polson'.nic drugs; low fees; my methods
will cur? all cases of irregularity; consult
me; rave time and nr>ney; advice free. Office
1018 Market st.; hours 9 a. m. till 0 p. m.
MHg. DX WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints ami Irregularltis*: Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. OR. KOHL, rehab!* specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief suarantfei. Office hours 0 to 5. Sunday
10 t& 2." 100SH Market St.. opposite Fifth.
VaLPEAU'S female pills: best regulating pills
t-old; price $2 50 by express. Fast«ur"s syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
en receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS.
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland. •
WOMEN'S diseases and Irregularities cured In
24 hours; If) years" experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling; strictly private: elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvesters office, 120« Market.
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment; reliable,
. safe, prempt. for femxle irregularities; relief
or no fee: *10: hrs. 9-K 850 Mkt. st.. suite 37
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
1021 Market s-t.. bet. Ath and 7th : particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYKR. 51 1 A Leavenworth St..
bet. Gfary and CFarrell. Phone East COT.
DR. and MH?. DAVIFS and Hindo Herbs':
original methnd or treatment. 1128 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2953 Folsom it., corner
Twenty-sixth: ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
' ' - - \u25a0 *k "\u25a0
• - . , ' . "s
•^ \u25a0 . ' • '•\u25a0 ' y''
> '\u25a0'
#
These lS}ut Bowls are six inches in diameter and four inches in depth ; made in
the same rich pattern as the highest priced cut glass. This premium will be a SEASON-
ABLE ADDITION to your collection of the Call's Near Cut Glass Ware.
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad »
Thursday, Friday or Saturday
\u25a0 \ \u25a0 a , _____
No Ads for Sunday Call Received Later Than 9 O'Clcck Saturday Night,
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE OAKLAND OFFICE
Third and Market Sts. 1016 Broadway
PERSONALS — Continue-. ; . '
"REXRADIQ" gives ADDRESSES of Vftired,
patlenU; a proof of GENUINENESS.
"REXRADIO'S'* first treatment mad* n«'
RUN and LEAP (had disabling PARAL-
YSIS); also TOTALLY DEAF", instantly
heard VmiSPER; it Is like a "fainr tale."
but strictly TRUE; A. R. land agent.
Adams bid.. 2CC Kearny. suite 608.
"REXRADIO" quickly cured ray PNEU-
MONIA ajd large" CANCER. Mining engi-
neer. 211 Fell st.
"REXRADIO'S" (one) treatment cured my
RHEUMATISM." Prof. Mason. 758 Market.
"REXRADIO" perfectly. INSTANTLY. cure>l
my sever* NEURALGIA. Belfrage. . *)13
Market. SEE ME.
"REXRADIO' speedily cured my PARALYSIS
and TOTAL DEAFNESS. Mlna owner 633
Market st.
"KEXRADIO'S" (one) treatment r-naoVed my
crippling RHEUMATISM. - P.. 42» Kill-.'
"REXRADIO" made my DEAF ' ear hear
WHISPER at ICO feet. B. P.. 117 Sixth. St..
"REXRADIO" Instantly mad* DEAF-MUTE
hear and SPEAK In my presence. Broker.
2C6 Keamy st.. office 609. . -.
"REXRADIO" cured my DEAFNESS: heart*
WHISPER at 115 feet. C. (broker). 137 .
Montgomery st. \u25a0 . ; -
"REXRAIUO" THE O-N'-L-Y "H'D R-ADI-
I'M" HEALER ON EARTH: BENEFITS
QUICK. OFTEN "INSTANT"; CURES AREJ
THOROUGH. PERMANENT. ASTONISH-
ING; "BEDRIDDEN PATIENTS'" VISIT-
ED: NONE NEED "DESPAIR." Consiilta- '
lion FREE: TERMS for treatment strictSjr
MODERATE: hour?. S to 9. 809 Kearny at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The W>ek!y- Call.
1Q rages. In wrapper, for mailing. >I p^rywar.
BUSINESS PERSONALS. " \
REMOVAL— Th» Colden West Broom Factory
has moved from 630 Clay st. to '723' sarrt*
street, above Kearny.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.. '
REMOVED— DR. TVON'O HIM. herb doctpn
treats all diseases of the Human body;* for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 867 C.pary st.. near Leaven— orth.
WONG WOO. the Mmcus herb dertor I—All1 — All dis«
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 748-9 Clay »t. '
_ PILES CI'RED. .
PILES. FISTULA, etc.— Cured~to stay curel:
only humane cure; no knife, danger or hiad-
rar.ee t^ business: 7C<X> cured: why not yoti»
no salve proposition: investigate. THOMAS
J. KISNE.R, M. P.. Columbian bldg.. 8. .P.-
PATEXTS. • . :
INVENTIONS patentedT'u. S and foreign:
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 832 Market st.
' ~~~"~* ' ' \u25a0—————-——\u25a0————————»
! REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE. . .
1 "" .
1 - »____\u25a0___ • , -
$500 DOWN and $33 per month wllf «e-ir» a
new residence of 6 rooms and bath; Tenth
aye.. near the park. Sunset District: larg«
lot: on the sunny side of street. Applx •
branch office of BALDWIN _ HOWE-U
Seventh aye. and H st. • .
PARXASST73 HEIGHTS. \T"
LOTS tS THIS BEAUTIFUL DISTRICT \u25a0
GOING RAPIDLY.
Adjoining Golden Gate Park and the Affili-
ated Colleges and extending rrom First to Sev-
enth ayes. Level stretch of fine lots. Street
work all completed, including gas and water >
mains, sidewalks, sewers and bltuminlzect
streets.
The prices are all right — from $1800 no"; thft l.
values are Increasing every day. : '••
Terms are easy; one-flfth down and balaac-
in one, two or three years at 6 per cent.
Inquire at Branch Office. ' -
BALDWIN A HOWELL. • -
Seventh aye. and H st. .*•'.:
E. M. LONG. Manager. ' • '•
Open Sundays and every day In the ye«*."".
BUSINESS LIFE ON A LADDER OF WANT ADSqua: rie Prahl) to William and Eva Parrott.
all Interest la lot 15. block G. amende* map *
of J. W. Crawford Tract. Oakland: $630.
Dell C. and T. J. Woodward (husband) to
George "W. Craig (single), lot on NE corner
of V«rnon (or First) avenu* and Ross «tr«et.
thence NE 100.37. N~T 231.32 t» S line oC Pa
goda placa. SW ICO to E ISae of Robs street.
SE 241.75 to beginning, lots 10 to 13. map of
Dell C. Woodward's subdivision of Paso-la
Hill. Oakland Township; $10.
Christopher Maher to County of Alameda.
lot beginning at point at Intersection of B
line of land 100 feet wide, tha center line of
which la described in Held notes of county
rurvey ICS2 with NE line -of Vernon F.ark
Tract, thence along E line of said land 100
feet wide. NE 820 to center of Temeacal Creek,
thence W* to Intersection of said center lino
of creek with W line of said land. 100 feet
wide, thence SW 700 feet to point on NE Una
of Vernon Park Tract. SE 117.72 to begin
ning. Dortlon of said piece of land 100 feet
wide. .the center line of which, is described in
: aforesaid county survey ICB2. quitclaim deeJ.
Oakland Townshk>; $1.
May CSnell <s»ingle> to G. F. Blankenshlp.
lot on NE corner of Carlton and Ellsworth
street* E 127:6 by N 44:10. lot 1!>. block C.-l
Leonard Tract. Berkeley: $ICO. j
Hannah E. Beach (widow) to L. M. WllJ
llamson. all of ranga 13 lying between V
line of Berkeley way and S line of Brtstol
street, map of Hardy Tract. Berkeley; $10.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. Aujtji: 2.
Nor «tiE it Tltanla. Egenes, 103 hours from-
Stmr Olympic. Hansen, 78 hours from Be>
llnsham.
Wednesday. An— jsi 2.
Stmr Maggie. Whitney, Kalfmoon Bay.
Etrar Coos Bay. Nicolson. San Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Au«r 2— Br bar*
Hawthornbank. from Port Towaaend.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 81— U S itmr
Lawton. from Manila for San Francisco.
KAHULUI— SaiIed July Sl— Stmr Nev&d&a,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Ausr 2 — Stir irs Oc*.
anic and Caronia. from Liverpool; rtmr KaUit
"Willhelm der Grosse. from Bremen; «tmr Min
neapolis, from London. _'
Sailed Auk 2— Stmr Teutonic, for Lrverpool;
stmr Rotterdam, for Rotterdam; stmr Lom
bard la. for Naples and Genoa.
DOVER— Arrived Auk 2 — Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from New Tork.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Aujr 2 — Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst, from New York for Cherbolinr, an<l
proceeded. * "^
COPENHAGEN — Arrived Aug 2 — St— it O»- .
car 11. from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Aug 4— Stmr
Kaiser Wilhelm IL for New York.
QUEEN STO"WN — Sailed Aug Z — Stmr Saxo
nla. for Boston.
PORT SAlD— Arrived Aug 2— 3tmr Jason,
from London. Antwerp. GUusgow and Liver
pool for Seattla via Hongkong, ate.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
"WV and Mary E. Tracy to Henrlette La
Provost, lot on N line of Fell street, 110 E
of Octavia, E 27:6 by N 70; $10.
John M. Loane to Giovanni. Natale and
Mlchele Rossi, lot on S line of McAllister
street. 112:6 W of Pierce; W 25 by S 137:6; 510.
Kate McCarthy to George D. Cummings, lot
on W line of Scott street, 110 S of Filbert,
S 27:6 by W 137:6; $10.
Wlnfleld S. and Clara M. Davis to James
Hutton. lot on S line of Sacramento street,
197:6 W of Locust. W 50 by S 132:7%; $10.
Frank R. and Sophie Grannls to Antonio
Lalolo, lot on "W line of Spruce street, 52:7&
5 of Sacramento. S 25 by W 87:6; $10.
William Swelgert to Charlea A. Swelgert,
lot on NE line of Eleventh street, 225 X"W of
Howard. SE 25 by NE 75; $10.
Emma R- Mangels and Augusta M. Gunther
and Minnie Llllenthal to Margaret L. Dunn,
lot on E line of Mission street, 135 S of Fif
teenth, S 25 by E 122:6; $10.
Elizabeth R. and George W. Elder to James
E Lennon, lot on W line of Guerrero street,
5i N of Liberty, N 30 by W 100; $10.
Auguste or Agruste and Isabelle M. Bergea
to Anna E. Martin, lot on N Una of Twenty
second street, 75:10 W of Church "W 25:11 by
N 114; $10.
Albert J. and Emma Ballly to Alfred P.
Hampton, lot on "W line of Church street, 245
N of Sixteenth, N 05 by W 125; $10.
Joseph H. and Mabel A. Robinson to ! Carrie
McCauley, lot on S line of /Ford street, 235
E of Noe. E 23 by S 114; $10
\ James McCauley to same, same; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to J. 'O.
C. Kelso, - lot on W line of Alabama street,
104 S of Twentieth. S 26 by W 100; $ .
Andrew E. and Minnie E. Smith to G. Figonl
and S. Bottinl, lot on. SW corner of Twenty
fourth and Folsom streets, W 35 by 3 51:104;
$10.- . :*_
Fred B. and Sabina R. Surryhna to Marie
Bergfeld. lot on S line of Army street 160
W.ofChurch, W 25 by S. 114; $10. •% '
Louis and Mary Spiegel to Harry H. Cos
grlff. lot on S • line of Washington street,
67:1? i W of East. \u25a0 W 49:10 by S 115; $10.
x Same to same, block bounded .by East, Mer
chant, Washington and Drumm streets, quit
claim deed; $10.
Harry H. Cosgrlff to Eleanor Martin, un
divided six-tenths of following: Lot on S
line of Washington street. 67:1% W of East.
W 49:10 by S 115; also lot on S line of Wash
ington street. 305:9 E of Drumm. E 35:7, SE
57.59, W: 72.10. N 48.74 : also all Interest in
block -bounded by East, Merchant, Washing
ton and Drumm streets: $10
Same to J: Downey Harvey, undivided four
tenths of same: $10.
Diedrich W. and Elisabeth Tietjen to Harry
H. CosKriff. lot on S line of Washington street,
305:9 E of Drumm, E 38:7? i, SE 57.59, W
72.19. N 46.74: $10.
Same : to ' same. : all Interest in block bounded
by East, Merchant/ Washington .and Drumm
streets; $10. - . V .-\u25a0\u25a0
Adolph Lletz and Adolph Greub to A. Lletz
Company, lot on.N line of Commercial street,
137:6 W of Montgomery, W 35:5 by N 59:0;
$10. [^^^/e^^^S^^^^e^^SX^SsK^
Charles and Rose Katz to Giovanni Piccettl,
lot on N line of Bernard street, 165 W of Tay
lor. W36by N 60; $10. \ :*
''Emma W. Heeton to same, lot on N line of
Bernard street, 201 "W of Taylor. W 4:9 by N
60: $10. *
Louis E. and Tekla' C. Brun to Samuel J.
Brun, undivided half -of lot on S line of Bush
street, 25 \V of. Hyde. W 46:S by S 57:6; $10.
Catherine -Vreeland (Smith) to Frederick : J.
Nordholz, lot on W comer, of Harrison, and
Ritch streets. SW 50 by NW 75; $10.
v E A. Leigh, John L. Davidson and Davidson
6 Leigh to same, 'same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Frederick" J. ; Nordholz \ to. Margaret V. Cluff,
same; $10. : ' :
John H. and; Natalie H. Hammond to Harry
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 2.
REAL ESTATE 3 TRANSACTIONS.
______ * »
A concert for the benefit of th«
Swedish Lutheran Ebenezer Church
building fund will be given in T. M. C.
A. Hall to-morrow evening. Theodore
Llndberg-, said to be the greatest
Swedish violinist of America, will
make his first appearance In San Fran
cisco at this concert. Oscar Lofgren.
prominent in the East as a pianist,
and Miss Ida Westerberg, a popular
local soloist, will also be on the pro
gramme, which will consist of seven
interesting numbers.
Rev. Ernst Pihlblad, president ot
Bethany College. Kansas, will deliver,
an address, and Rev. Philip Andreen.
pastor of the Swedish Lutheran Eben
ezer Church, will greet the audienci*
with a few remarks.
The Rev. Mr. Pihlblad and Messrs.
Lindberg and Lofgren participated in
the exercises arranged for the celebra
tion of Scandinavian day at the Lewis
and Clark Exposition on July 29. and at
the solicitation of Rev. Mr. Andreen.
volunteered their services for this con
cert before leaving for their respective)
homes in the East.
The funds realized from th« concert
will be added to the sum set aside to
complete the interior of the new edi
fice at Fifteenth and Dolores streets.
CONCERT WILL. BE GIVEX
TO AID POPULAR CHURCH
Importers and dealers In hats filled
the private office of United States Ap-.
praiser John T. Dare yesterday morn
ing to give testimony before I. F-
Fisher. president of the United States
Board of General Appraisers,. In tha \u25a0
matter of certain protests made to the
cellection of duties on Mexican som
breros as trimmed hats. ,^
The duty on untriramed straw bats Is 33
cents, while that on trimmed hats Is
fifty cents. Walter Anderson, H. Gold
smith and others testified that the
leather binding on the edge of the.
brim of the Mexican hat was not^ con
sidered a trimming, but that sweat
bands and cloth or leather bands
around the crown would be considered
as trimmings.
Stanley Jackson appeared as counsel
for the importers In the matter. The
issue involved amounts to many thou
sands of dollars In value./ The case
was declared closed and taken under
advisement. At half-past 10 o'clock
this morning the protest of S. Levy
& Co. against the payment of du
ties on wool skins as well will be
taken up. It has been already ruled
that If the wool on a sheepskin is less
than a quarter of an inch in length no
duty will be levied, but if longer than
a quarter of an inch duty is to be col
lected. The matter is to be determined
upon the question of fact.
President Fisher of the Gen
eral Appraisers Opens
His Court.
MEXICAN SOMBREROS
: PLACED UPON TRIAL
Jim Butler . ." 72 76' Ton of Nev.l3 62 14 00 !
J Butler Ex. — T -"(ted Ton .. 01 02
Little Ton ..2 00 2 50|YVest End ...1 05 1 07
Lucky Tom.. — 04 t ;
GoMtieU! District.
Adams 04 WlH.bernla 10 —
Atlanta 07 C 8 Highland — -'6
Aurora 10 I^| Jumbo M Co. . \74 tt>
Black Ants .. — 04>Jumb o Ex ... 15 lt>
Blnrkßutte.. 'Jo I'qjjuno — 01
Blk Buttc Ex 0-J <H, Kendall 13 14
Black Kock.. 02 O.'*| n«uuali Ex . . — 10
Blue Bell 03 04'Lon« Star ... — 09
Blue Bull ... 10 1MJ Lucky Star .. — l>4
-ii okiyn 01 - 02| May Queen .. 18 20
Butte Gldfld.. 40 45| Mohawk 15 20
Bull & Bear. 02 OX. Nevada Boy .. 13 —
Booth M Co. 08 — L\"ev Goldfleld. 12 15
COD 25 — Xcv Southern. 10 15
Columbia .... 14 i:.|Oakes .> —.10
Columbia Mt. ltt 201 Oakland — 10
Conqueror ... — 2l|Oro — 05
Diamond 10 — Pennsylvania.. — 02
Din -^eld. 39 40 Potlatch 06 —
Dmdfld Trngl. — 24 Red Lion 03 04
Dominion ... 20 22 Hed Top C 8 38
Dixie 14 16 Red Top Ex.. 01 03
Empire "05 iJO! Sandstorm GO b"2
Exploitation.. — 04| Sandstorm Ex. OS 10
Fawn 05 — ; Sherman — 25
Frisco — 10 Silver Pick ..10 12
Gold Dust ... — OOlSimmerone ... 22 26
Gold Hill ... — 04* S t Ive 3 15 17
Go'dfieM Mln. 50 5 1 Treasure 07 10
Gld & G Reed — 10 Verde 02 04
Gldfld Rand.. 05 06l Vernal 03 .—
Goldfleld Ton. — 05 Wonder 02 03
Great Bend .. 05 ,C 8!
Bullfrog District.
Amargoßa ... 08 10! Gold - Bar .... 23 —
Amethyst .... — 16 Gldfld Bullfrog — 04
Big Bullfrog. 12 — Lige Harris... 02 03
Bonnie Clare.l 25 — Mont Bullfrog. 07 OS
Bullfrog . Mln. 55 65 Orlg Bullfrog. 25 28
Bullfrog Anx. 03 04 Red Dog 12 —
Bullfrog Com 07 10 Shoehone — 10
Bullfrog Ex.. 18 20 Shoshon B Gld 25 —
Blfrg Jumper. — 11 Stelnway 17 18
Bullfrg NBk 24 28 Ventura 11 12
Den Bullfrog. 23 24 Vista Grinds.. — 08
Den Blfg Anx — OtJ Wolverine .... 05 10
Eclipse 29 31
r Other Districts.
Brown Hope.. 15 — Paymaster ... 03 04
Esperanza ... — '01 Qulncy 03 05
Gold Reer M. — 25 Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Gold Reer Ex — 26 Rothwell — 28
Kawlch &B. — 13 Southwestern.. — 43
Kawlch Gold. — 05 Silver Peak \u0084 — 17
Kawloh MCo — 18 Sylvanla ....'. — 20
Llda Hawk .. 55 — Tokop Con ... — 08
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session.
2500 Adams, b 30. 05 600 Mont Ton 300
3600 Black Butte.. 24 800 Mont Tn.530.2 97%
200 Con Va M.I 37^ 1000 Ohio 32
300 Con Va M Co.l 35 1 500 Orlg Blfg b3O 26
1500 Dmdfld. a 10. 40,3000 Pa Goldfleld.. ol*4
8000 Eclipse, b 30. 31 j POO Savage 72
2000 Gold Mt 14| 500 Ton Mdway.l 52ft
1000 MacNamara.. 43| SCO Ton Mdwy.bOOU 60
300 Mexican 1 3f>j 1500 Ton N Star... 55
11 a. m. Session.
2COO Adame, . s 30. 04] 500 Orlg Blfg. b3O 26
2000 B Butte. slO.. 24 300 Savage, b 80. 72
400 Con Va M Co.l 35 100 Sierra Nev.... 38
100 Goldfield Mm. 521 500 Sierra Nev 39
20.000 Ind T0n.,..0Hi 1000 St Iveg Id
700 MacNamara. . 43 650 Ton Mdway.l C2H
100 Mexican ...1 37^1 300 Ton N Star... 65
200 Mexican 1 4o 300 Union Con 43
10 Mont Ton ...3 25 200 Yellow Jacket. 23
300 Ophir 7 37^|
2 p. m. Session.
1000 Black Butte. . 25. 500 Sandstorm. blO 63
1500 Eclipse 30 200 Savage 71
1500 Home 06 4000 St Ives 16
5000 Ind Tonopah.. ol St Ives. b 90. 17
800 Jim Butler .. 73 300 Ton Midway.. 1 50
3000 Lige Harris.. o2^l 500 Ton Mdway.l 52%
300 Mexican ISS 4000 Ton N' Star... 55
800 Mont Ton ...3 00 100 Union C0n.... 43
100 Ophlr 7 12% 400 West End ...1 C 5
2500 Rescue 07|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstocks.
Bld.Ask. Bld-Ask.
Andes 17 18 Gould & Cur. 18 10
Belcher 16 — Hale & Norc. —2 C 5
Best & Belch.l 25 — Mexican 130 —
Caledonia ... 45 — Occidental ...125 —
Challenge ... 20 —Ophlr 7CO —
Chollar 19 20 Savage — 75
Con Va M Co.l 35 — Sierra Nev. ... 39 40
Con Imperial. — 01% Silver Hill 90 —
Crown Point.. 14 — Union C0n.... 42 44
Exchequer ... 50 — Yellow Jacket. 21 —
Tonopah District. "\u25a0. ; -
Belmont ...1 17% 120 Mizpah Ex ... — 15
California ... 07 — Mont Ton ..2 95 8 02%
Cash Boy ... 10 —NY Ton Con. 20 21
Gold Anchor.. — 92i North Star.... 54 55
Great Westrn 03 03% Ohio — 34
Home 05 05% Paymaster ... 03 —
Home Con .. 08 C9| Rescue 06 08
Ind Tonopah.. 01% 02 S Nev Dev. .. — 16
Jim Butler ..73 75 Ton Exten ...5 25 —
Lucky Tom.. — 17 Ton of Nev. l3 50 —
MacNamara. . 42 45 United Ton . . — 18
Midway ...1 50 1 52% West End...l 00 1 07%
Goldfleld District
Adams 04 Cs] Jumbo^ Ex ... 18, 20
Austin — 81 Kendall 13* 14
Black Butte.. 23 24 Lone- Btar ... — 12
Blk Butte Ex — 04% 1 May Queen .. — 21
Black Rock.. 02 03! Mohawk — 20
Blue Bell ... — 061 Nev Goldfleld. 18 —
Blue Bull ... 07 15 Oakes 04 08
Brooklyn 02 CSlOro — 04
Columbia Mt. 15 —*Pa Goldfleld.. 01 02
Diamond — 15 1 Red Lion — 04
Dlamondfleld. 8S 41 Red Top 37 3S
Dixie 14 16. Red Top Ex.. 03 —
Frisco — 20 St Ives 15 17
Gldfld G Dust 11 13 Sandstorm .... 60 65
Gldfld L Star — CS Sandstorm Ex. — 11
Goldfield Nev. — 571 Silver Pick .. — 13
Jumbo M Co. 73 — [Slmmerone ... 26 27
Bullfrog District. .
Amargosa ... — 10! Lige Harris. . . 02 03
Beatty Blfrg. — ll|Mont Bullfrog. 08 10
Bullfrocr Anx. — 07|Orlg Bullfrog. 24 26
Bullfrog Belle 08 — Shoshone 11 —
Bullfrog Mm. — 80 Vista Grande.. — 12
Bullfrg NBk 25 26 Wolverine — 11
Eclipse 31 — j
Other Districts.
Brown Hope.. — 15 Ray & O'Brien 05% 08
Esperanza ... 00% 01 Rothwell — 25
Free Gold ... — 15 Silver Peak .. — N2l
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton Berkeley.. — '22
Kawich Gold. — 10 Ton Gold Mt. — 15
Pine Grove ..20 25 "\u25a0
I'A banquet g; was given "to Georg«
Uhler. United States Supervising In
spector General of Steam Vessels, last
night at a downtown restaurant. I^l3
being Uhler's first official visit to u^
Pacific l Coast since his appointment to
his present office by .President Roose
velt, a number of shipping men. ma
rine engineers and men representing
the boiler and engine manufacturing
industry arranged to give him a cor'- .
dial California welcome.
The inspection service was repre
sented by Local Inspectors John K.
Bulger and O. F. Bolles, Assistant In
spectors Deering, Guyirle and Howea;
Assistant Boiler Inspectors Joseph Do
lan, John Wynne and Carl T. Lenhera,
and Thomas P. Cragie. clerk of the
Board of Inspectors. The transporta
tion interests were represented by a.
E. Anderson, general manager Cali
fornia Transportation Company; Mel
ville Dollar, of the Dollar Steamship
Company, and Louis Seiglhorst. of tha
Charles Nelson Steamship Company.
The hardware Interests were repre
sented by Andrew Carrlgan and A,
Riffle, of the Dunham. Carrlgan & Hay
den Company; A. H. Kress, of the Pa
ciflo Coast Steamship Company, engi
neer's department; C E. Charleton, at
the Oceanic Steamship Company.;
and George Ames, of the North Shore
Railway Company.
There were also present William J.
Brady Sr.. John Woods, James Hamil
ton. Albert Fox, Edward Morris, David
Dorwood, David Fleming. Charles El
sasser. Consulting Engineers Tabrett
and Pierson. Marine Engineers Archia
Little. James G. Raphael. J. J- Searey.
C. L. Jensen. Richard McCabe. J. J,
Hughes. Edward Brady, J. It Paulson.
John Nicholson. H. J. Platts, William
Howell, Raymond Jones, Frank A.
Jones, Thomas Bulger and ex-Con-
Congressman William Wynn.
Government Official Is Wel
comed to City by Many
Eepresentative Men.
GIVE GEOEG-E TJHLEK
HEAKTY EECEPTIOX
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page . 15.
A. Dempsey. lot on SE corner
fourth and Rhode Island streets. E -5 *>y
*°GesS $. Turner to Louie; CavaMer de
Croze, lot on W line of Sbcteenth yAnne. iw
N of California street. N 25 b / \u25a0YLVP'to V I*
Daniel and Louise Cavalier de Croze to A. ->
Newbauer. same; $10. —».„—,«« J
Henry G. and Estelle \u25a0 Meyer to Thomas J.
Kelly. lot on NW corner of Twenty-se^th
avenue and California street. \> •>-•« D ' *
Estate of Andrew Welcn Company to ' E*?£
hardt Klein, lot on E line of Sixth avenue, lou
N of B street. N 25 by E 120: $10. ,-
Victor Grothwell to James Brown, lot on •>
line of C street. 55 E of Twenty- eighth avenue.
Em 7 H. arid °Kate I. de Young to same, lot
on SW corner of Thirty-fourth avenue and *~
street. W 240 by S 150: $10.
Hubo and Kate Seheunert to fcolomon w«.
lot on W line of Forty-fourth avenue, _»a i*
J street. \ I's by W 120; $10. -
Joseph E. and Josephine P. Clark to A. a n£
Emma Harrington, lot on W .line of Eleventh
avenue. 200 N of X street. X 25 by W l2oi $!«.
i Bernhard and Rose Getz to Henry and Ma
rie Koehler. lot on E line of Fortj'-elghth ave
nue. 150 S of X street. S 25 by E Lft>. *}%..,
American Loan and Trust Company to WU
liam E. and Alice J. Strei. lot on \V line of
Twenty-first avenue. 350 S of M street. 3 BO by
Ga'ston and Blanche Mathieu to R.. J-^Jrey.
lot on N line of T street. 32:6 W of Thirty
ninth avenue. W. 25 by N 10O; $10.
Mary D. Morrison to same, lot on «••"""
of Thirtieth avenue, 25 S of U street. S 50 by
U cl^i'e ? E°" and Henry S. Bridge to Thomas
Dunning, lot on W line of Thirty-eighth ave
nue. 100 N of V street. X 50 by W 120; $10.
Daniel and Eliza A. O'Neill to R. X. Alre y.
lot on W line of Thirty-eighth avenue. 200 X or
V street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Mary A. Mertes to Edw. C. Hammond. lot
on SW corner of V street and Thlrty-nlntn
avenue, S 100 by W 107:6; $10.
Edwin C. and May Parker to R» J-
lot on W Una of Thlitynseventh avenue. L.5 8
of W street. S 50 by W 120; $10. ">;» •
Anna D. Joost to same, Install, lot on JN
line of Market street. 200 W of Thlrty-nlntn
avenue. W BO by X 123:11; $10.
John J. Regli to John Depaoli. lot 68. bloat
4. Academy Tract: $10. _
State of California (by Tax Collector) to O.
H. Ferguson, lot 617. rift map 1; $49.
Same to same, lot 42. block 332, CNell A
Haley Tract: $100.
Same to same, lot 561, gift map 1; $43.
Howard T. and Jane A. Morris to James
E. Morris, lot on X line of Persia avenue,
thence on W line of Paris street. 125 X, thence
W 100, X 25. block 12, Excelsior Home
stead; $1.
Otto R. Barthal to George Hartmann. lot on
SW corner of Eugenia street and Prospect ave
nue. W 23:4 by S 70, lots 121 to 123. Cobb
Tract; $10.
Eva M.. Grossman to Henry J. and Anna J.
'\u25a0\u25a0 Beckmann, lot on S"W line of Tenth avenue.
: 125 SE of P street. SE 25 by SW 100. lot 6.
block 210. O'Xell & Haley Tract; $10.
Hannah V. and Michael Wlnslow to James
5. and Edward J. Winslow. lot on KB line
of Twelfth avenue, 75 SE of X etreet. SE 75
by XE 100. lot 10, block 1021. South San Fran
cisco Homestead; Klft.
Same to same, lot on XE line of Fifteenth
avenue. 75 SE of J street, SE 75 by XE 100,
block 256, same; sift.
Same to same, lot on XE corner of Twen
tieth avenue and D street. SE 300 by XE 200,
lots 9 to 20, block 395. Salt Marsh: sift.
Same to same, lot on XW corner of Dacotah
and Mendocino streets, X 200 by W 200, block
566, Salt Marsh; gift.
Same to same, lot on X line of Fourth ave
nue, 150 SE of Q street. SE 50 by XE 200.
block 65, same; gift.
Same to same, lot on SW lira of Eleventh
avenue. 100 XW of F 6trcet, XW 50 by SW
ICO, block 233, South San Francisco Home
etead; sift.
Same to same, lots 32 and 33, block 499, Ha
ley Purchase; gift.
Same to same, lot on SW line of Eleventh
avenue, 75 XW of F street. XW 25 by SW
100. block 233. South San Francisco Home
stead; gift.
Same to same, lot on BW line of Xlnth ave
nue. 150 SE of G street. SE 75 by SW ICO.
block 181. same and Railroad Association; gift.
Henry G. and Elecla Cooper to Alfred D.
Bowen. lot on E line of Head street. 175 X
of Palmetto. X 75 by E ICO, lots 12 to 14,
block 51, city lands; $10.
Onezlmus L., George 0., Pierre A.. Wil
liam H., Victoria E. and Louisa M. Roussel
to same, lot on S line of Sagamore street. 2*o
E of Orizaba, E 240 by S 250, lots 3 and 4,
block A, Railroad Homestead Association; $10.
Builder*' Contracts.
Hermann Stern (owner) with Adolf Hcn
r.ings (contractor), architects Salfleld & Kohl
berg — Alterations and additions to a two- story
frame building on W line of Buchanan street,
55 X of Pine. X 27:6 by W »7:3; $2233.
Chrlstofer Stahle (owner) with Myer & Stab
ler (contractors), architect — All wotk
for a one-story frame building on lots 3 and 4.
block 49. Rels Tract: $1750.
Asa H. Mangaman (owner) with D. S. Bre
haut (contractor), architect B. E. Remmel —
All work for a one and a half story frame
dwelling on E line of Twelfth avenue, 150 X
of I street, X 25 by E 120; $3180.
Alameda County.
J. F. W. and Margaret Sohat to A. E.
Davle. lot on X line of Seventh street. 75 W
of Webster, W 50 by N 100, lots 23 and 24.
block 78, Kellerberger's map. Oakland: also
lot on W line of Webster street, 50 X of Sev
enth, X 75 by W 75, lots 19, 10 and 20. block
78. same, Oakland: $10.
Frances and Fred E. Harris to Calvin C.
and Elizabeth A. Cowan (joint tenancy with
right of surviving parties), lot on X line of
Addlson street. 250 W of Grant. W 50 by . X
13S, lot 3 in ranse t>, map of subdivisions 6
and 7, Hardy Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Cora R. Bones (single) to Robert L. Hatch
er, — 34 feet of lot 23, block 122. Kellersber
ger's map, Oakland; $10.
Savings and Loan Society to Realty Syndi
cate. SW 1-3 of lot 14 and all lota 15. 16 and
17, block B. and lot 7, block X, Thermal Hill
(formfrly Howe) Tract. Oakland; $10.
Harriet and Henry T. Besse to Wesleyan
Methodist Connection (or Church) of Amer
ica, lots IS2 and 195 (1182 ana 1057). block
L, Beulah Park property. East Oakland; $10.
O. Mi Jones (single) to B. P. Baker (mar
ried), lot 19, block 2, amended map of Hum
phrey Tract, Berkeley; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Mary U. J. Ed
inger (married). lots 16 and 17. block 17. Mo-
Gee Tract, portion plat 67. Kellersberger's eur
vey, Berkeley: $10.
Same to John R. Steeves (married), lot 16,
block 18, same, Berkeley; $10. „
Charles W. and Xancy G. Randall to Lutie
M. Walker, lot on E line or Bay street. 250 S
cf San Antonio avenue. S 50' by E 150, lot 43.
Bay Side Tract, Alameda; $10.
Mary Thompson (widow) to John and Cather
ine Kennedy, lot on X line of Twenty-second
street 137:6 W of West; W 50 by X 100. being
W U of lot 11 and E % of lot 12. block B.
Curtis & Williams Tract. Oakland; $10.
Margaret E. Evans (single) to George H.
Ismon (trustee), lots 43 and 50. block H.
Broadway Terrace. Oakland; $5.
Charles H. and Josephine S. Kegley to Clara
M. Hoagland (single), lot on E line of Filbert
street. 05 X of Eighteenth, S 2 by E 25, part
lot 5. block 614. subdivision map Alfred Bar
stow Tract, Oakland: $10.
Mary E. and H. C. Morris (husband and as
attorney) to Frank J. Taylor, lot on W line of
Pearl street, 128.55 X of Bay place or Twenty
sixth street. W 72 to point "in W boundary
American Investment Union Tract Xo. 1. X 45.
E 77 to W line of Pearl street, S 45 to begin
ning, lot 43 and portion lots 42 and 44. Ameri
can Investment Union Tract Xo. 1. Oakland;
$10.
Frank J. Taylor (single) to Adelle W.
Wright, same, Oakland; $10.
J M. and Man- D. Bartieit to A. S. Hlckox.
lot 3. block X. Paradise Park, Oakland; $10.
"Xlna and Christian S. Xlelsen to James T.
Gates lot on S line of Lester avenue. 351.12
W of' Xewton (said point of beginning belngr
also XE corner lot IS), S 125 to SE corner lot
1« W 39, X 124.85 to point on S line of Lester
avenue, 35 W from beginning, E 35 to begin
ning, portion lot IS, block 5, Peralta Heights,
East Oakland: $10.
- John Tuohy to Timothy Dyer, lot 23, block
F, Tuohy' s Second Addition to Berkeley, Oak
land Township; $10. _^
Dell C. and F. J. Woodward to John McCar
thy lot on Xllne of Vernon or First avenue,
distant XE 200.74 from intersection with E line
of Ro=s street, thence XE 50.185, XW 265.63 to
S line of Pagoda place. SW 50, SE 260.59 to
beginning. IoU 7 and 16. map Dell C. Wood
ward's subdivision of Pagoda Hill. Oakland
Township; $10. „
A A. and Lillian M. d Ancona to Mrs. M.
M Arnold (widow), lot on W line of HUlegas*
avenue, 2SO S of Webster street, S 120 by W
r>o lots 23, 24 and 25. block C. map 2. Bate
man Tract, Berkeley: $10.
C A and Ellen M. Martin to Ida M. Eck
lev "(married), lot on W line of Aetna street.
HO S of Kearney. S 50 by W 135. being S 10
feet of lot 1 and X 40 feet of let 4. block 4.
property of John Kearney, near State Univer
sity bellng portion of plat 78. Berkeley: $10.
Berkeley Development Company to Fred W.
Koch lot 5, block 3, Hopkins Terrace, map
3 etc. Berkeley: $10.
A» T. Eggleston (husband of Frances W.
Eggleston. now deceased) to Thomas Kearney.
lot on E line of Mary (now McKinley aveaue).
120 S of Altston way, S 40 by E 130. lot 25.
block 12, Marshall's subdivision, block 12, Mc-
Gee Tract, Berkeley: $10.
J. B. and Lou M. Eaxle to Edward R.
Orcnsby. lot on S line of Railroad avenue, 37
E from " Intersection with dividing line between
Chlpman East's 111-acre tract and Aughln
baush's 223-acre tract. E 37 by S 100. Ala
meda; also lot on W line of, Mastlck court. 100
S of Railroad avenue, S 125 by W 74, Ala
meda: $10.
John T. Price (single) and A. L. and Violet
A. Kraiss to S. G. Worden. lot on E line of
Locksley avenue. 43 S of Clifton street, S 40
by E 100. portion of lots 38. and 39. Locksley
square. Oakland: $10.
Elnorah C. Klnsr (widow) to John and Kate
Heelan (wife), lot on X line of Thirty-first
street 265 E of Market. E 50 by X 140. lot
29 block 2035. Rowland Tract. Oakland: $ 135 ft.
Holcomb. Breed & Bancroft to Rose A. de
Gloria • (wife of John J.I. lot 20, Santa F<*
Tract Xo. 12. Oakland: ?10.
Edward P. Flint (single) to Lillian McDon
ald (widow), lor on E line of Oakland avenue,
100 S of Perry street. S 100 by E 130. lot 2.
block K. \u25a0 Flint Tract No. 2. portion Oakland
Heights. Oakland: $10."
William Cahill (administrator estate of. Mac-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1905.
14
I SEWING MACHINES A>*D SUPPLIES.
BARGAIN- days at the White Co.'s office.
Shop-worn machines, dropheadß, equal to new,
at one-third usual price. Used . aswing ma-
chines, sooil one.=. of other makes, at from
$:'. to frY 91." Market st.
DOMESTIC — Tho machine for family use; best
Is cheapest: sccond-haml all makes at any
price; all klndg rented lowest rates. ' Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market ft., near Sixth. \ -
ALL kind* second-hand. $3, $5. $8; slightly
used. $10. $15 and $20. You know where
dolls swing In the window. 1051 Market tt.
STEA3I LAUNDRIES, i'
LAUNDRY of kinds only union help; prlc«a,
rooming-houses sheets and slips. 20c doz.;
towels. >Ac each. TeISM ITH. Howard 4011.
STABLES TO LET.
STALLS to let at 320 Noe st . ." ' . .
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
AN 4 exceptionally good, No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. ?25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals, $1! 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. SOS Market.-
LEGAL NOTICES.
WE wlil not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by our son, Alfied C. Panzer.
CAPTAIN A. M. PANZER,
MRS. A. M. PANZER. -•
CARDS AXD IXVITATIOXS.
ENGRAVED wedding Invitations visiting and
business cards. cr«st. etc.; high-class work at
moderate ra.te«. J.H.Duncan. 120 Kearny, r. 1-2.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wer« Issued
yesterday:
William H. Carlock, 33, Elmhurst, and Em-
ily L. Harding, 19. Melrose.
George W. Inkster. S3, 519 Bryant street,
and Henrietta Kodgers, 22, 1646 Twenty- third
avenue South.
Paolo Pucci 25, 407 Pacific etreet, and Tere-
slna Fambrini, 21, 107 Pacific street.
George W. Bryant. 21, Truckee. and Lottie
W. Gale, 18. Truckee.
Antonio N. Smith. 40, Oakland, and Ethel
C. Hunt, 40, Frultvale.
William Weiss, 2U. 20 Falrmount street, and
Theresa Klein, 20, New York.
Robert T. Lawless, 54, 1255 Bush street,
and Ada B. Miller, 30, Oakley.
William B. Kramer. 21, 55 Albion avenue,
and Mollie O'Connell, 18. 55 Albion avenue.
John E. Quinn, 21, 340 Geary street, and
Frankie M. Logan, IS, 736 Lake street.
Lew Sang, 34, S Spofford alley, and You
Ga Sang, 22, 800 Jackson street.
Harry C. Sharpwack, 41. 247 Harriet street,
and Lilly M. Wilkins, 44, 247 Harriet street.
Verdi E. Boyer. 23. 2."17 Lombard street, and
Beatrice M. Reed,- 21, 407 Van Ness avenue.
Wylie A. Mansfield. 21, 107 South Broderlck
6tr«e"t, and Mary J. Kallenberg. 18, 1416 Ellis.
Moses A. Frank, 21, 105 Scott street, and
Mac E. Moree, 18, 204 San Jose avenue.
William J. Milley. 27, 2276 Mission street,
and Florence H. Luhrsen. .22, 808 Diamond et.
BIRTHS— MABRIASES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices Bent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same \u25a0 published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. ,
BORN.
BORLINI— In this city, July 30. 1905, to the
wife of William R. Bqrllni, a son. - ,-
CONWAY— In this cltyf July 20, 1905, to the
v/Ife of J. P. Conway, a son.
HALL— In this city. July 27. lOCS.- to the wife
of William J. Hall (nee Wilson), a eon.
MACKIE— In this city. July 27, 1005, to the
wife of Thomas Mackle, a daughter.
McGIBBEN— In New York, July 18, 1905. to
the wife of R. C. McGlbben, a son.
O'BRIEN— In this city, August 2. 1905, to the
wife of D. L. O'Brien (nee Smith), a son.
O'CALLAGHAN— In this city, July 31, 1905,
to the wife of Dan O'Callachan. a «on.
MILL VAM.EV REAL ESTATE.
ONE h'. San Francisco's most charming sub-
urb» j« Kill Valley; It is growing t=o fast:
tvc have a ie 1 * lets left in our tra' t sigh*.
H.t the strition. CbtU— iSSdtoe grand view of
" L»y aci v.iour.tains; some ere covered with
'.ijM.-s- ill' ;hr- sttfct* are sewered: water
. maiiw. iaid: priced rang* from .rJOO to So:>'.';
:crms 1!> per test ca.---h. $10 monthly. Agents
« n trait Sunday. LYON &. lIO.VG, llii
Moctsiftncrjr Ft.
• Jtn.IL.i>TATE WANTED.
V.'AN'TEIVJjOOu income property. W. J.
MORGAN & CO.. Investment Bankers. "9 1
New Mcr.isomtry st. - '.'\u25a0\u25a0
'.PROPERTY WA-NTED.
-LET. us- submit your property to our clients;;
»• have bU>'«n i tar oi.tj r«-ui _£at 4 rainfing 1
ftom VJT>O<i to S2s<»,o"i». Cill J-.t our o;rtces j
• or. <!rop ue a line statin? where our rej>re- i
eemailveji osn \u25a0«-«* you.
S. W. CROZIER COMPANY.
230 Crocker Bldg. Phone Main 554. j
ALAMEDA ADVERrffATTS j
ALAMEDA REAL. JEST ATE.
$3i:>f>— TWO-STORY. 9-room house, fine yard. !
t*rn.' *tc: 4i2 Santa Oara avenue. n"ar j
J«rfth street station, narrow pauge; $750 j
down.- balance at yur own term?. Apply
to owner, W. J. SHREVE. 521 Kearny St.. j
t?an I*rar.«.isco. j
BERKELEY ADVERT ; S ? STS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
j^2 r >0 — NEW "-room house; modern In every
way; lot 40x100;. street work complete: clos«
to S P. nation. K*y Route, and also schools;
fee owner, 1311 Virginia et., or P. O. box
123. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent — Handsomely furnished house of 15
rooms in fin# location; 4 bathrooms, ballroom,
tenr.is court; Urge and beautiful groundi;
rmnrr roms: abroad: references required. Ad-
<ir*s« F. H. LAWTON & CO.. 2147 Center
st.. ~<?rk>lty. Cal.
DERKELEV^JFXAT^jrO^ET^
jI4 THREE rooms and bath, gas, water,
electricity. 202S Woolsey tt.. South Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GEO. W. AUSTIN,
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
fJir.fi— f-pecia.l this week only: new 6-roora
house; larpe lot; near Grove Ft.; terms.
f9fX» — Two 4-roo— 1 houses; lot 50x150; on 49th
street. •
Cr.ly 20 ISts left In beautf ul Broadway Ter-
jic«: rear Country Club; fine view and
<-onven:ent To Key route; or.ly $250 each;
terms.
Fine rr*i*eree lot on 30th Ft., near Tele-
praph aye. surrounded by elegant homes: will
sacrifice this week. GEO. W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
ANOTHER BONANZA OPENED UP.
Cheep lots, $75 upward; f5 cash, $5 monthly.
Do You want a home? Yes~J3oo gone in
rent: £50 spent on another man's property.
Ftop !;*re; will build. you a home; pay as rent;
Frultvale Boulevard Tract overlooks the bay.
Alarr.cda, and 14-mile Niulevard; fronts hiph
Ftr«n. fo-foot driveway; streets all graded;
city water; electricity; sandy loam soil; no
fogs nor cold winds here; over a dozen cory
h"mes g-one up In two months; two lines of
cars in touch with Key route and S. P. local
. train 20 minute service. Call or send for
circular. 1222 Frultvale aye., near station. C.
F. LEE. cr 455 7th St., orposite Broadway
station. Oakland; carriage free. GEORGE H.
LEE, ouner.
IF yru are looking for something nice, artistic,
with rustic porches, new and with the latest
plumbing and in an elegant neighborhood,
containing 7 rooms and bath, every room
tunny, a-nd near Key Route, with terms easy.
$310 to (500 down, balance $30 per months
then sro at ence to 912 33d et.. bet. Market
et. and near San Pablo aye. ajid there you
wil! fi::d a gem. Take the Key Route train,
get off at ?an Pablo and 4Cth Bt.. fo south
4 blocks, to this house; there you will find
the owner and the key and the price of the
property so reasonable and cheap you will be
thorfiuchly satisfied.
Th!s r'.ace is pot for rent. Must be scld.
$4<Xi — CASH. $10 monthly; cottage. 4 rooms
and bath; large pantry and closet;- front
and back i>orch: the bark porch enclosed;
pigeon house and pen; adjoining creek run-
ning .water; lot W-xlOO; adjoining East Oak-
land; price in all $1250; call or send for
circular. 455 7th st., opp. Broadway station.
•Oakland. HENRY Z. JONES.
C2CS0 — A 2-STORY 6-room house: open for ln-
rp*"Ction from 1 to 3; number of house, 1326
East Eleventh st., Ea«t Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
• TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furniture,
H. Schelihaas. 11th si. ccr. store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert Vents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 421 — Two eunny room*, nicely fur-
r.ished for housekeeping; gas; $15.
CLAY. 1323, .iKar Jones — Nicely furnished
apartments for housekeeping; 1. 2 or 3
'. I rooms. $14 to $25: private residence.
EDDY. Itii3 — 2 large furnished rooms; private
. residence; conveniences; fine location ;central.
ELLIS, ail— Front bay-window suite; nloely I
furn.; eunnicg water; bath; quiet; rea*.
FKLL. :;es — 4 rooms furnished complete for '
housekeeping.
FOLSOM, S34 — Sunny room for housekeeping;
kitchen complete; separate baths.
HSKMAN. til — Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping. $10; t~ o single. $5 and $6.
HOVYAiiD. 719*4 — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also furnished rooms; respectable; locked
<loor.
-JESSIE. 32;; — Large front parlor furnished for
r.oueekeepmg; g&s r£nge. sink; $3 &0 week.
jOKES, 507. corner O'Farrell — Housekeeping
.grooms: niceiy furnished: rent reasonable.
JONES. SCI» — Hand»o:ne, eunny suite. $20;
. • housekeeping suite, $16; single rooms, rea-
rtr.abig.
LAVOTQN 21 2^j. near Seventh — 3 uafurnieh-
- »d rooms for housekeeping- large gunny yard.
LAIIKIN". 817^9 — Nicely furnished Eunny corner
. room, with eas stove, reasonable.
MeALLISTER. 4S::. cor. Van News — 2 sunny
<?or.nectlns housekeeping rooms. $13; 1 rm. $S
MISSION, 236<>— Parlor, bedroom, kitch-n;
light and *unny; gas. bath, laundry; new and
nice; adults only; lent $25: no sign; nice
neighborhood and responsible parties.
NINETEENTH. 3439— Nicely furnished house-
iu*ei>'.ng rear rcs to let. » .-'.v ;
OAK, 117, or 14 Page — Complete hskpg.; gas
rsr.ge free; hot b«th, laundry: $1 25-$3 50 wk.
rOWiELL. 1220— Nice sunny front rooms; also
fight housekeeping rooms; day or week.
'SEVENTEENTH; 3432. above Valencia— 3 fur-
. ; Kiioed housekeeping rooms; gas range and
ba.th. *
gOU,TH- PARK, 137— Well-furnished front
fttkpg. roomi. gas rar.ge. $13: also hskpg. $8.
1153 — Furnished rooms; now flat; alt
convenience*; very reasonable; housekeeping
" if deelred.
• VAN NESS aye.. 811— Furnished and house-
keeping roemg.
. ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of a-flvertiwrc lent* and subscriptions has been
cpened at lOCS Market tt.. opposite Fifth.
Open uctll 11 p. m.
; PLOTS
In Odd Fellows' and j Masonic Cemeteries can be-
, exchanged for Plots in ,
MT. OLIVET CEMETERY.
For particulars apply at City Office,
GRANT BLDG.. MARKET, & SEVENTH STS.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY
•San' Mateo County. : .
MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
ES6 James Flood Building. S. F.
Still In Danger of Death.
Ex-Senator. Eugene F. Bert, the well-
known attorney. and baseball man, who
attempted suicide by, shooting himself
about, three weeks ago, .has been -re-
moved to a: local hospital, and, though
his condition was somewhat improved
yesterday, he is by no means out of
danger. Dr. J. Henry Barbat,, who is
in attendance, drew about, two quarts
of blood from; the patient's lung,
through which the bullet: passed, and
will probably have to repeat the opera-
tion in a day or. so.
— \u25a0 ' \u25a0 » » — : — — .
DRUNK FALLS OVERBOARD. — A drunk
giving: • the : name of John , J. Rhyne fell "off the
Mission-street wharf about 7 :^0 last night nnd
v/as fished out by Robert ; Burke, driver of ;. the
hospital ambulance,- and some bystanders. ;• He-
was taken to the Harbor, Emergency: Hospital
and ," put : to bed while his clothes • were ' dried.
# * 1 APARTMEVT HOUSES.
ESTHER, 4419 'Leavefiworth. near Washington
— Of>e_ to-day. 10 to 4:30; greatest novelty
• ever got up for housekeeping; the convenience
of 5 rcorr.s In 2; see this without fall; you
" . can't afford to miss it; rents $30 to $35; flrct
' hfause of its kind in this city; call to-day.
THE OVERLOOK. 2571 Sixteenth «t.— Base-
•nent apartment. 3 large room*, sunny, $16;
front apartments, 3 large rooms, private
*-.aif. hath. Jaundxy. $25; unfurnished; Cas-
*' # * trc car» to Sixteenth »t.
THE Vera Apartments. 10C7 Bush st.. near
c. Jonr«; under entirely new msnagem-ent: new
' nrj<i thoroughly renovated; 2 and 3 room
c suites. Turn, or uiifurn. for hskpg.; also beau-
tllully turn, single rmi. for gents; reas.
ESWA- ST. LAWRENCE APARTMENT — New.
modern building; fum. or unfurn. apart-
<. -.r.crttf of 2. X. 4 rooms; private baths;' frcm
51ft 10 $35. Phone Mala SKIO. 13»» Mason st.
A-KIi.\mVOHTII, cor. Bush. Powell: 3-room
;^ir.r-i' iLpris. : single rooms; modern; reas.
* /.KIEL tUfle. s*l Turk — l-"-3-mom housekeep-
ing apartments; furn. or unfurn.: reasonable
c EL CARMKLO, ITI9 Washington, nr. Van Ness
aye. — Sunny 3, 5, 6 room «pts.; also single.
. •« THE Frederick, 901 Stcnyan — 1 to 5 rooms,
overlook! us: Golden Gate Park: tel. Pare 6166.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con., Giant Station. Cal. — A dividend.
No. SO. of fifty cents per share on the Issued
capital stock of the company has been de-
clared payable at the San Francisco office
of the company, roomi 202, 2C4 and 206 Kohl
building, on August 10, 1905; transfer books
close August 3, 1905. at noon. C. C. QUINN,
Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. August 1, 1905— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, until 11 a.
m.. August 30, 1905. and then opened, for
furnishing during the three months ending
December 31. 1905. forage and straw for
Presidio of Monterey, Cal.; also at same
time, at thin office only, for forage and
straw for Presidio of San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Francisco, Cal., for ship-
ment to Honolulu. H. T. Government re-
serves the right to reject or accept any or all
bids in whele or In part. Preference given
to articles of American production, condi-
tions of price and quality (including in the
f.rice of foreign productions the duty thereon)
belns equal, and such preference given to ar-
ticles of American production produced on
the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
required by the public service there. All in-
formation furnished on application to quar-
. '.enr laster at Presidio of Monterey, or to
undersigned. WM. S. PATTEN, assistant
quarte.rniaster general, chief quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for corn brooms and scrubbing
brushes — Depot Quartermaster's Office, 38
New Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.,
July 5, 1905 — Sealed proposals, in duplicate,
subject to the usual conditions, will be re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.
Friday. August 4, 1005, Pacific standard
time, and then opened, for furnishing- for
delivery at the San Francisco depot, 3000
corr. brooms and 1000 scrubbing brushes, to
conform to exUting standard samples and
specifications. The United States , reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all bids,
or any part thereof. Information and blank
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be marked:
"Proposal No. 2416, to be opened August 4,
1505." and addressed to MAJOR C." A.
DEVOL, Quartermaster. U. S. A., Depot
Quarter— iaster.
PROPOSALS for public buildings— Office of
the Chief Quartermaster, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 28. 1905. — Sealed proposals. In tripli-
cate, subject to the usua: condition*, will be
received at this office until 11 o'clock a. m..
Pacific time. August 15. 190. r ., and then
opened In the presence of bidders, for tha
j construction of a frame laboratory building
• at the U. S. Hospital, 'Presidio of San Fran-
clsf.-o, California. Information furnished 'on
u-pyllcatlon to this office. The United States
r»-b»-n res the right to accept or reject any or
a.ll bids received cr . any part thereof. En-
velopes containing, proposals ghould be \n-
dor*etj ••Projiosalii for Laboratory, Presidio
of San Francisco. Cal.," and addressed to
Colonel WILLIAM S. PATTEN. Asit. Quar-
termaster General, U. S. A.
U. S. ENGINEER office. Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal.. Aug. 2. 19U5. — Sealed pro-
poßalK for dredging in Oakland harbor, Cal.,
will be received here until 12, noon. Tues-
day, September 5, 1905: information on ap-
DlicaUon. W. H. HEITER. Col- EncTS.
DIED.
Boyenval, Armand, 73 Johnson, Edward, 40.
Brennan. Thoa., S3. Laldlaw, Dr. H., 4U. \u25a0
Breslauer, Bertha, 68. Lunny, Edward.G mom.
Brown, Rachel. McDonald Patrick.
Chase, Walter S., 12. McGushion, Lizzie, 52
Clark, George 8., 60. Nelson, Edward 2.
De Wit, Albert, 90. Nlssen, Hans C. 18.
Dolores, Sister M. O'Relly, Mary, 62.
Ericson, Mrs. L., 48. Paille, Kate, 24.
Flynn, Mary, 50. Schullerts, Wm., 31.
Gilmore. Caroline, 81. Slevin, Catherine, 70.
Hartmann. Rlcka. Smith, Michael H., 55
Hoben Henrlette, 65. Sullivan (Infant).
Haskell, George, 60. - Yon Skotnlckl.Otto, 36 I
Holland, C. F.. 53. Wendell, Emma «., 55.
BOYENVAL — In Oakland. Cal., August 1,
1905. Armand Boyenval, beloved husband of
Marie Boyenval, a native of Havre, France,
aged 73 years and 7 months.
E7"Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. August 3, at 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
at James McManus' undertaking parlors, cor-
ner of Seventh and Casyo streetß.
BRENNAN— In this city, August 2, 1905, at
his residence, 16C9 Washington street,
Thomas W. Brennan, a native of Brooklyn,
N. V.. aged S3 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place from the
above residence to-morrow (Friday), at 9 |
9 o'clock a. m., thence to St. Brlgld's
Church, where a solemn requiem \u25a0 mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BROWN— In Los Angeles, Cal.. Auguet 2,
I'JOS. Rachel Erown, mother of Michel and
Ray Brown, and sister of George Morris and
Mrs. Alice Wallman.
IL^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, from St.
Matthew's Catholic Church, San Mateo. on
Friday, August 4, at 10:30 a. m. Interment
St. John's Cemetery.
BRESLAUER— In this city. August l" 1905
Bertha, beloved wife of the late Benjamin
Breslauer, and mother of Samuel and I R
Breslauer, a native of Kempen, Germany!
aged 63 years.
(CTServices will b» held to-day (Thurs-
day). August 3. at 10 a. m., at the parlors
of H. f. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
private. Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
Officers and members of the Congregation
Sherlth Israel are requested to attend the
funeral of our late member, Bertha Bres-
lauer, tMs day, at 10 o'clock, from 1137
Mission street.
CH , AS ,?T In thts clty - Ju 'y 31 - 1005, Walter
S. beloved son of Gilbert P. and Jennie M.
Chase, and brother of Clara, Ethel, Dudley
and Dorothy Chase, a native of San Fran-
cls f£: Cal.. aged 12 years and 1 month.
. {pVie&ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'olock a. m., from
Holy Innocents' Episcopal Church, Fair
Oaks street. between Twenty-flfth and
Twenty-sixth. Interment Cypress \u25a0 Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Thir-
tieth street and San Jose avenue.
CLARK— In Eldrldge, near Glen Ellen, CaL
August 1, 1905, George B. Clark, beloved
husband of Isabell and father of Dr W \
a "*. a native of Canada, aged 60 years." '
pTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
£L Uy i nvited to attend the funeral eervlceo
Thursday. August 3, at 1:30 o'clock p m
at the Masonic Temple. Alameda. under the
ausDlces of , Oak Grove Lodge No 215, F.
and A.. M. Cremation," Oakland.
DE WIT— In Alameda, August 2, 1005, Albert
Pieter de Wit. father of John, Pieter Cor-
nelius and Gerhard de Wit and Mrs. Chris-
tina Stievater, a native of Alkmaar, Hol-
land, Netherlands, aged 90 years 2 months
and 11 days.
tCT Funeral services will be held Friday,
August 4, at 1 o'clock p. m.. at his late
residence, 906 Central avenue. Alameda.
Interment private. Mountain View Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
DOLORES (ARMER)— Ia this city, August 2.
1905, at Holy Family Convent, Sister M.
Dolorea (Armer), Superioress.
ERICSON — In this city, August 1. 1906 at
the residence of her sister, Mm. L. Dett-
mann, 123 Webster street. Louise L., be-
loved wife of John A. Ericson, and dearly
beloved mother of August Laurent, Mrs W
Smith, Eugene, Zelma. Leontlne M. and
Irma Laurent and Ernst and Alice Ericson,
a native of Switzerland, aged 4S years and
10 months.
EJ*Remalns will be forwarded Thursday,
Plots in *ntr Cemeteries
Taken In Fart Payment
for Plots 1n. ......
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY
1 504 MARKET STREET
Or at Cemet*— f.
McAvoy, O'Hara & Co.
FIWERAI. DIRECTORS. <^.
Removed to Their New Parlors,
261-271 HAVES ST., »pp. ST. ISNATIOS CHffRCH
Lady Assistants. .Telephone South, 247."; •
James McGinn. Henry Hansen. -
JAMES McGINN & CO.;.
Formerly \u25a0 With McGinn Bros.- .' '
Funeral. Directors and Embalmers——
P!4 Eddy st. Tel. East 86.
j ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unforn.
i A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth Bt.— Rooms
25c tv $1 ptr night, $1 25 to *5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; 0p..-n all nignt.
'A— THE PIERRi:. 570 O'FARKELL.
BcautUully lurnishcd. light, sunny suite;
also Hlnjclc r<K,:n: excellent care: low rent.
iAT "The Alwonie." 873 Markt-t at. (or No 1
Filth st.) — Kooms. 25c to 50c. $1, $1 SO night;
f 1 50 to $10 wtxk; house open all night.
i BEL3IOXD House, over Owi drug store: 2 en-
trance*., 1120 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights, running water in every room; '~W
rooms: 25c to .r»0o. r »0o p?r night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BERNARD. 77 — 1 or 2 rooms ; bath : reasonable.
BUCHANAN, "UWi — Furnished, sunny front
i room: reiined gentleman: private family.
'! BUSH Vi?.S. near Lurline Baths— Sunny fur-
: nisiird roumb; phone, bath: leasonable. •
' KUiJY, U74— 3. 4 and 5 rwm apartments;
newly furnished; sunny; close in; opposite j
Jefierfcii bquare.
' FLORIDA 705 — Large, furnished room with
use of parlor, piano and kitchen; rent $10.
' FOLSOM 165)0 — Large eunny fur. rooms; large
grounds, pae, bath, phone; «uitable 2 gents. ,
I FOURTH. 271 — 100 rooms; all sizes and prices;
new. modern: hot and cold water.
I GOLDEN State House, 1207 Market. near
Eighth— Scrupulously clean and vary quiet
furnished rooms.
' GRAND SOUTHERN. Seventh and Mission —
100 room*. 35c to $1 50 night; $1 CO to $7 wk.
! HAUIUET. 1S5 — Sunny sitting-room and bed-
room; $10. :
HOTEL Hamilton. 125 Ellis— New hotel, Just
opened; class "A"; Bteel building, etrlctly
fireproof; European plan; telephone and
eteam beat in every room; rooms without
bath. $1 per day: with bath. $1 50 to $3; re-
duced rates by week or month.
HOTEL ST. KATHRTN, cor. Ellis and Leav-
enworth — 300 rooms; modern and up to date;
light, sunny and airy; hair mattresses; free
baths; everything fresh a— d clean; single
rooms and baths; reasonable rates.
HOWARD, 715 — Rooms, 25a to $1 per day;
$1 50 to $3 per week; reading-room, eto.
HOWARD. S29— ROOMS. ROOMS : CLEAN,
CLEAN: TRANSIENT; REASONABLE.
HYDE, 40S — Sunny front alcove suite; $18;
one room $12; large yard.
LEAVENWORTH. 1302. corner Clay— Large,
eunny, corner room; run. water, phone; gent.
: MARKET, 759 — Fine furn. rooms; gas. electric
light?, running water; convenient: reasonable.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third st. — 100
single and family rooms. 35c to $1 50 per day;
$2 to $S week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francl6co
that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to Its guests.
MINNA. 605 near Seventh — Furnished room;
large, clean and sunny. W. TORBENSEN.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator and electric lights; unfurnished offices.
OFARRELL. 1497— 0ne t(> four furnished
rr unfurnished rooms.
POLK. €26 — Furnished hallroom; $5 per month,
with gas.
RIO VISTA Hotel. 253 Third et.. nr. Howard —
• New house, with modern conveniences; rooms
en suite and single: rates by day 35c up;
by week. $2 up: baths free to guests.
ROSE aye.. 13S\i — Furnished room to respect-
able werklngman; $7; no sign.
TAYLOR, 70!), near Sutter — Large sunny fur-
\u25a0 r.lshe<l front room, good for 1 or 2. $9 mo.
i THE FLORENCE. 102 Ellis, corner Powell —
Rooms. 50c and upward; first-class sen-ice;
special rates by week to families.
"THE LAUNSTON." 110 Eddy Bt.— Fine
rooms, single or en suite. $2 week up.
TURK, 204 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms, $2
and up; quiet house.
TURK. 776 — Furnished rooms with or without
housekeeping. •
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 4oo
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus. baggage.
WOLf HOUSE, Sixth and Howard sts. — Best
known transient house In city; clean, neat; ;
charges reasonable; central location com-
mends it to traveling public; cafe attached;
cars pass door. G. H. yon der Mehden, prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 70u rooms,
£5c to $1 50 nightly. $2 to $S week; elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus, baggage;
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened et ICOB Market St.. ocposlte Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AA^HOTFTL^OfRTi^i^^
JUST OPENED. Rooms modern and up to
date; light, sunny and airy; hair mattresses:
free baths: everything elegant, fresh and
clean; table unexcelled; rates very reason-
able; must be seen to be appreciated; located
in the heart of the city — 104 Eddy st. — 104.
"Best meals In the city."
JOHNSTON. THE. 605. 0'Farrell— Sunny suites
and single mv; excellent board; references.
LIBERTY. 30— Parlor suite, single rooms, hot.
cold water, bath; excellent *oard.
Old Stevenson Mansion. 607 California St.; sew
carpets and Interior; exceptional table; mod.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage &. Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72.V
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co., 804
Van Ness aye. Phone East 448. Storage,
moving, packing: cut rates on freight.
! RAUSCH. 85. bet. Seventh and Eighth — Room;
• good German board; homelike; $18 month.
CONKLIN'S ctorage; furniture and merchan-
dise; Golden Gate & Larkin; phone East 126.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
i pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2SI.
i PIERCE— RODOLPH— Storago and Moving Co.
1 Main office Eddy and FHlmore; tel. West 829.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840 Shipping at cut ratea.
August 3, Vat 7:40 a m.. to St. Helena,
Napa County, Cal., where- funeral cervices
will be held at her late residence at 2 o clock
- . p. m. Remains at the new funeral chapel
of Theo. Dierks, 432 Golden Gate avenue, be-
• ttveen Larkin and Polk streets. " \u25a0 •
FLYNN— In this city. August J, 1905, Mary,
beloved wile of John i-'lynn, and loving
mother of Patrick, Dennis.. Katie, Josephine,
Maggie and Bessie Flynn and -Mrs. D. OU-
lispie, and sister ot William and Jeremiah
Collins, a native cf Freemont, County Cork.
Ireland, aged 00 year?.
O-Friendtf and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at a-.liu a. m., from the residence
of her son, Dennis Flynn. 2011 San . Jose
avenue, Ocean View, thence to St. Michael a
Church. Ocean View, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the reix>se of her soul
at 9 a. m. Inierment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GILMORE— Passed away, August 2, 1900, Mrs.
Caroline Proctor Gilmcre. wife of the late
Stephen Decateur Gilmore. and mother of
• Fred M. Gilmore, a native of Chelmsfcrd.
Mass.; ajred 81 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 11 a. m., from the chapel of N. Gray &
Co., Cl 2 and 614 Van Ness avenue, between
Golden Gate avenue and Turk street. Inter-
ment private.
HARTMAN— In Santa Ynez, Rlcka, beloved
wife of Simon Hartman, and mother of Mrs.
Hannah Goldstein and Josie Hartman, and
eiettr of TMrs. Joseph Packsher, Mra. Max
. Wallenberg, Mrs. H. Brown, Mra. J. Gol-
lober, MUs Emilia Jacobowltz and Sigmund
Jacobowltz, a. native of Germany.
HASKELL— In ihis city. August 1, 1905,
George Haskell, a native of Maine, aged BB
years.
HOBEN (ABEL)— In this city, August 1, 1905,
Henrlette, beloved wife of the lat« Captain.
Henry Hoben, and devoted mother of Mrs.
Henry Higglns, Mrs. Charlea Haaf and
Charles, William and Robert Abel, a native
of Germany, aged 65 years, a lat» resident
of «>st Berkeley, Cal.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tna funeral to-day
(Thursday), August a, at 1 p. m., from the
parlors of H. F". Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Elxhth. Cre-
mation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOLLAND— In this city. July 81, ISOS. C. F.
Holland, husband of Mary E. Holland, a na-
, tlve of Pennsylvania, ag«d 63 years 4
months and 27 days.
CTFrlenda and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral Thurs-
day, at 10 o'olock a. m., from the funeral-
parlors of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gat«
avenue. Interment New I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
JOHNSON — In this city, July 31. 1905. Edward
Johnson, a native of Cincinnati, aged 40
years. (Cincinnati papers please copy.)
LAIDLAW— In this city, August 2, 1906, Dr.
Horace, beloved husband of Etta Douglass
Laldlaw, and father of H. Beverly and the
late Beatrice Laldlaw, a native of Milwau-
kee, Wia.. axed 46 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvitad to attend the funeral services
Saturday, Aueust 6, at 10:30 o'clock a. m..
at his late residence, 880 Sutter street. Inr
terment private.
LUNNY — In this city, August 2. 1905. at the
residence of his parents, 5 Coso aVenue, off
Preclta avenue. "Edward A., beloved Infant
son of Edward J. and Elizabeth Lunny, and
brother of Mary. Irene, Gertrude, Anita,
Bronlca and Joseph Lunny, a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 months.
McDONALD— In this city, July 81, 1905,' Pat-
rick, dearly beloved husband of Sarah Mc-
Donald, and lovlns father of € Anna T. and
James P. McDonald and Mra. John D. To-
bln, a. native of Ireland. (Mobile, Alabama,
papers please copy.)
[CFriends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 10 Liberty street, thence to St. James
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at . 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGUSHION— In this city. August 2, 1905.
Lizzie McGushion, beloved mother of Edward
P. and John F. McStay and Mamie Mc-
Gushion. a native of Cojinty Leitrlm, Ire-
land, aged 52 years. (Chicago and New York
papers rlease copy.)
(Cyßeniains at the funeral parlors of
James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy etreet.
Notice of funeral hereafter;
NELSON— In this city August 1, 1905, Ed-
ward Nelson, dearly beloved son of Charles
and Olga Nelson, and brother of Violet and
Elizabeth Nelson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 4 months and 11 days.
NISSEN — In this city, August 2. 1905, Hans
C, dearly beloved son of Antori . and Marie
Nissen, and brother of Charles, Ella and
Annie Nlssen, a native of Chicago, aged 18
years 5 months and 14 days.
O*REILY— In this city. August 2, 1005, Mary,
beloved wife of the late Frank O'Relly, and
mother of Mrs. Owen O'Connor and the late
Mrs. John McCann. a native" of County
Mayo, Ireland, aeed 62 years,
[_TFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors of
McFadden, Mcßrearty &"Green, 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 a.m. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery.
PAILLE— In this city, Auguet 2. 1905, Kate,
beloved wife of Joseph E. Paille, and mother
of Frank and Hazel Paille, and daughter of
Mrs. S. Williams and the late Samuel Wil-
liams, and sister of Mrs. H. Dean, Mrs. P.
Palmke. Mrs. R. Ruff and John Williams
and the late Frank and Griffith Williams,
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years
and 5 months.
[C7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
SCHULLERTS— In Oakland. Cal.. August 1,
1905, William Arthur, beloved husband of
Mabel Schullerts, and brother of Frank
Schullerts. a native of Salt Lake City, aged
31 years 5 months and 8 days.
SLEVIN— In this city, July 31. 1905. Cather-
ine Slevin, relict of Patrick Slevin. beloved
mother of James P. and Thomas B. Slevin.
and aunt of Mrs. James J. Clarke, a native
of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 70 years.
CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 2755 Harrison street, thence to
St. Peter's Church. Alabama street, near
Twenty- fourth, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
SMITH— In this city. August 1, 1905. Michael
H., dearly beloved husband of Mrs. Mary
Smith, brother of Mrs. Mary Harrison of
Fresno, and brother-in-law of J. N. and
j E. J. Fitzgerald and Mrs. D. Curran, a
' native of Canada, aged 55 years 4 months
and 15 days.
GTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from his
late residence, 15 Fulton street, thence to
St. Mary'a Cathedral, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the reoose ol
his eoul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, August 2, 1905,
infant son of George and Nora Sullivan, a
native of San Francisco.'
YON SKOTNICKI— In this city. July 81. 1905,
Otto, dearly beloved husband of Anna C. yon
Skotnickl (nee Heeth), a native of Germany,
aged 36 years 9 months and 3 days. A mem-
ber of the Pacific Coast Walters' Associa-
tion and Walters' Union, Local No. 30. \u25a0
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), August 3, at 3 p. m.. from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Crema-
tion I. O. O: F. Cemetery.
WENDELL— In this city. August 2, 1905,
Emma G., dearly beloved wife of the late
Joseph F. Wendell, and mother of Thomas
and Matilda K. Wendell and Mrs. Susan W.
Field aged 55 years 8 months and 26 days.
CTFuneral services will be held Friday,
August 4 at 2 o'clock p. m., at her late
residence. 317 Church street, between Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth. Cremation strictly
private. Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
St Dominic' n Church Building Associa-
tion— The monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association and 'for parents
and relatives of living members will be sung
In St. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 9 a. m.Total i-oles 409,100 shares.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
. . Bid. Aak. " Bid. Ask!
4a ar c0up..104'104% 4s Qr cp new.l 32 132*K
4« qr res-- 104 IW% 3s qr coup..lC3*iilo3«i
" MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. •
Ala A W ss. — — O G LAH 55.10914110
Asso Oil ss. —' " 85 - O W gtd ss. — 90
Bay CPC 55.106%10.% Oceanic S 5s 64 70
Cal C G 05.105% — Om Cable 65.121 121«
Cal G& E g ', Pac Glm 4a. 94% 87%
m&ct 5s 95 PE Ry 55..112y,U22
Cal-st C ss.Hl«m^ Pac LAP 8..1C0 _*
C C Wat 55.101Vi101% P & C H 6«.102% —
EdL & P 6f,124% — P& O R «s,llO —
F& C H C«. 116 — Powell-st 6e.
Geary-st ss.- 50 60 Sac EG&RSa.IOS 10OU
H C&S 5%5.107% — SF & SJVSS.I2I . -_^
Do 5s 107% — SF.Okfc SJSs.UOmil
Hon R T 65.105% — Sierra R 6a,112ti114
L A Elec 53." — . — S Pof A 6s
LAO &E1 53. — 104 (1909) .....107 .i; i
LARy:69,.llB!i r (I9lp>, ICS * '— '-
LAL gtd 55.103 — S Pof C 6s
LAP lem ss. 112% — ' fl9os)Sr B. — _
LAP C 55.. 108 •/— •'\u25a0 " <19C«) . . ;.-. ;IKI*K — '
Mkt-st C C 5.113% — (1912) 115 115%
Do lem 65.115T»H6% SPC leg 55.117 _
MV4 MtTss.lOs — SP B R 85.135U —
NRof C 65.103%'— " S V W»» 6s.l(U, 104«t
. Do So :...120%120% Do 4a 2dm. 99J,-,100
Fntnre Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Aug. 2.— The firm undertone \a>
the wheat market developed late In tiie *i 6
sion. At the opening sentiment was AnclfnoH
tr, bearishness. With the exception/ of i
epasmodlc advance in the first teW Jhnlutea
the market was under, selling pre^Wire until
noon. Initial quotations on SeDteftiber were
a shade to U@U' lower at 84*4©84% a
brisk demand from commission houses ran™
a sudden • spurt ' to 84%@55. = Prices, however
slumped off again as quickly as they had
ripen. The cause of the brisk upturn was a
prediction of rain to-night in Minnesota. Pit
traders, however, were in general influenced
by a decline in the price of wheat at Liver
pool. The weakness of foreign markets it
was claimed, was due to more hopeful p'roß
pects for an average crop • of wheat in Rus
sia. Another Influence that had a denre^sine
effect on the market was the improved tone
of dispatches from the Northwest telling of
the condition of | spring sown crops: although
damage reports were received, a large num
ber of advices -claimed, that the crop was In
good condition. For . September the lowest
point of the day was reached at 83%. During
the final hour of trading, sentiment became
quite bullish and the market rallied to nearly
the top prices of the day. News from the
Southwest..- was more favorable to •• the bull*
Receipts to-day at Kansas City and St. Louis
were smaller than for the corresponding day
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
WEDNESDAY, August 2—2 p. m.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCUAXGIS.
Tiexr York Money Market.
• NCVT Y<^P.K. Kng. 2. — Mcney on call — Easy.
lligl*«*'=t. 2 p^r < % i»nt; lotrrft, I?, per cent; rul
lrjr rate, 2 }>*r cer.t: last loan, 2 p<r cent; clos
!np Vifi. 1% X«r cent; offered at 2. per cent.
Tim* io.ir.s — Steady and dull. Sixty zr.d
*jsln*tF days. 3"»;«?4 p«" cent; cix njonth?. 4 per
rent.
Frirr.r^roc.i rant!"* paper — 404 "j per cent.
ci/>rlit;pr exphantc* I—Steaiv.1 — Steaiv. with arftial busl
-»«^r. baclurrr' WIIf at £4.865(H/4.M:rH"i for <^r
wand'and at<»t.ei7sff4.WSo for elxty day bin?.
jWii-<J *rate»— s4 K.*.Vie4 87%.
Con-tTii>r.-la* Mils— f 1 ST.%.
Bar fiiv«r— r-r-^C
Mexican doK«»— 43*ifec
\u2666 (io-.-fiTment l-)n<*,x, stt-ady; railroad bond*.
firnT. -
FASTER!* MARKETS. •
Foreign Futures.
\ \u25a0 LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — . Sept. Dec. March.
Opening 6 B*4 67 Nominal
Closing 6 B*4 66% Nominal
PARIS.
Wheat — Aug. Nov.-FeU.
Opening 2.T 30 22 75
ClObing 23 25 . 22 75
Flour —
Opening 30 30 30 25
Closing 30 15 30 25
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 2.— W00l steady; medium
grades combing . and clothing, 26@31c; light
fine. 21@27c; heavy fine. lS@22c; tub washed,
32542 c.
Xew Orleans "Cotton Market. .„.;\u25a0>'
NEW ORLEANS. Aug. 2.— Cotton steady,
middling, 10% c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Aug. 2.— WHEAT— For export:
Club. 7.WTSc; bluestem, 78@80c; for milling,
valley 7Sc. • .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 2.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
New club, 74@75c; bluestem, 78c.
"Northern Business.
SPOKANE, Aug. 2.— Clearings, $472,900;
balances. $20,359. ••.;.\u25a0-:
SEATTLE. Aug. 2.— Clearings. $1,603,691;
balancer, $637,171.
TACOMA Aug. 2.— Clearings, $523,205; bal
anefs, $34,986.
PORTLAND Aug. 2. — Clearings. $723,674;
balances, $209,047. /.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
The Coptic took out for Hongkong a treasure
list of $240,500. consisting of $500 in gold coin
and $240,000 in silver bullion.
j LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange sixty days.. — (§4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight ...... — @4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — @4 88
New York Exchange, sight.... — @ 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — @ 07V4
Silver, per ounce .".. 59%@ —
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 @ 47%
INTERNATIONAL:
New York on Paris 5.16"4
New -York on Mexico 202
Paris on London ......;... 25.15
Berlin on London ..20.47
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — There was not much fluctuation
at Chicago yesterday and quotations here ac
cordingly remained about the I same as | far as
futures were concerned. The cash grain showed
no change, but buyers are holding off, hoping
to purchase. at lower prices later 0n..-. r . ....
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 *3@r55: . California
White Australian.- $1 60wl 65; Northern
Club $1 50igl 55; Northern Bluestem. $162*^
©1 67%: Northern Red. $1 50® 1 Simper ctl;
lower grades of Wheat $1 30@>l 40 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ...$1 43% *1 43% $1 43% $1 43%
-;!:;.,- , 2 p. m. Session.
Open. High.- Low. cioce.
December ..-$1 43% \sl 4&% ?1 43% $1 43%
BARLEY — Though there was a sale of extra
choice blight Feed at $1 03% yesterday it
was considered an exceptional price and hardly
quotable hence pricpa - **Tor the \u25a0 cash grain re
main as'" beforOjLeircept that No. 1 Chevalier
is now on VmT market and held at. $1 25.
Futures wejarquiet and not materially changed.
y^. r < CASH BARLEY. . . . \u25a0• - -v \\
Tcp/fT 97«Ac@$l 02"4 :r new Brewing. $1 05®
1 t^Tchevaller, SI 10i@l 25per ctl. ;•
y^' : futures. .
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. . High. .'* Low. Close
December ..." 99 Va ' 09^4 . . 99K 99^i
~;2^J.^m/ Session. •
-Open. High. Low. . Close.
D««;ember .... 09Vi 99H . 98% ~ 99
OATS— Quotations have a wide range. T ac- :
cording \u25a0\u25a0' to -quality, with; sufficient medium
grain . on i the market, but strictly fine lots in
" B Red* U $l ) 30@l 35 for choice; $1 22%(jS>l 27%
for f air to good \u25a0 and $1 15@1 20 : for common.
• CORN— Conditions remain -as -before . stated.
There are.no receipts. of any consequence- from
any quarter at present.
Western \u25a0 sacked. $1 40<gil* 45 for Yellow 'and
White and \u25a0$1 40 for." Mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 45<ffil 47*^; small round do. ; $1 55a
1 60; White. $1 37?4@1 42%:- Egyptian. $140
<fU T,O for \u25a0 White " and \u25a0 $1 . «»s®l 40 for Brown.
RYE— $l 47%<fj<l 50 ncr Ctl. V
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75g2 25 per ctl.
- Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
/" FLOUR— California - Family \u25a0 Extras $4 SO®
5 10. . usual t«rm»; Bakers 1 \u25a0 Extras. $4 TOOf.S:
Oregon* and Washington. Jobbing \u25a0,: at $4g>4 50
per \u25a0 bbl. .-"' --•' i' \u25a0 '\u25a0'•\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0- >\u25a0 \u25a0' -"\u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0- ,h.-:--. \u25a0'.'
/ FARINACEOUS GOODS — Price* in packages
are as follows: "Graham Flour, $3 25 per*loo
lbs- Rye Flour.' s3 75; Rye Meal. $3 50: -Rice
Yesterday was another active day in bonds
on the Stock and Bond Exchange, the sales
amounting to $134,000, including $70,000' Los
Angeles Railway 5s at $119. ShaTes continued
I quiet. California-street Cable waa ex-dividend
'\u25a0 of 00c under tha rule.
There was nothing new worthy of note in
; the mining stocks, the different groups beins
moderately active at about previous prices.
The Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company
will pay a monthly Htvidend of 12% cents per
share on August 10. .-' •-
The Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company. -will
pay a regular monthly dividend Of 20 cents per
share AugU3t 10.
• Dividends paid during- July . on oil stock on
the California Stock and Oil Exchange amount,
ed to $397,930, making a grand total of $7,«
663,834.- - . .--•""-
The Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpais Scenlo
Railway Company will pay a regular quarterly
dividend of $1 per share August 10. •
The regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the German Savings and Loan Soci
ety has been called for August 14.
Quarterly Interest at the rate of $1 50 per
coupon will be. paid on the 6 per cent bonds of
the Edison Light and Power Company to-day.
Continued Activity In Bonds, bat
- \u0084.,; : Stock* Quiet.
STOCK MARKET.
N CRy 35.. - 111 "-if Do gt mtg43 07% — •
NC P C ss. OS — 'Stkn G&Etfs. 98 —
Oak TCo f5.119% — uG & E 53.104% — • *
Do 5s ....t12% — UR of SF 4a. 01% OH4
Do con 55.1C0%U() I Val Co P 55.10?%104">5
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 42 I Port Costa... — 6S : "..
Marin C 0... 55 — |s V Wat Co. 36% 3T. *
GAS AND ELECTRIC * .
Cent L & P. 3\ — \ Pac L Co 63% — . *
Martel Powr 1^ I%|S FO4 E. ffi! «i 214
Mutual EL. 12 1:; [ Stkn G4B. — 5 •
INSURANCE. '
Firem's Fnd.325 — | . :".
BANK STOCKS.
Axn.Ntl 8k..127Va135 |L P & A — 160
Anglo-Cal ..S3 — ! Mer Tru5t.... 210 240 ."\u25a0
Bank of CaL — — jMtrch Ex.... 53 . — .
Cai Safe Dp.158 160 S F National — 160
Frst Nationl.So2% — |
. ;V SAVINGS BANKS.
Ocr S & L.2520 — [Say & L S«.. — 100 "
Hum Say Bk — — Sco Say 8k..3»5 —
Mutual Sav.ie2*4lC(J Union T C 0.2700 33C0
S F Say U. 630 «7i-, t
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..210 — ! Presidio 3»!4 41 - .
Geary ...... — 40 1 • ~ - •. •
POWDER. -\:> *'
Giant 70 7U;i
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. BZ\ — I Makaweli C. 36% —
Honokaa S C 13* 4 16ii'Onomea S. C. 36*-* ,37 .
Hutch SP C 14^ 15 [Paauhau S C 22V* 22"! i •
Kilauea SC. 4 .5*4: -*" •\u25a0\u25a0»--\u25a0.. : . •. -.
MISCELLANEOUS. \
Alaska P A. SU?* 00 (Oceanic S Co t 3>4
Cal F C A. lOO 101*-i!Pac Aux FA. 4" 5
Cal Wine A. S3 S4 | Pac C 80rx.153 — '
MV& MtTm. — — ! Pac S Tel Co. — 102
SALES.
Morning Session. 1 : •
Board —
20 Makaweli ....38 75
20 S F Ga 3 & Electric 62 OQ*
$I.(KM) Associated Oil Co 8s 83 5O
$3,0C0 United R R of 8 F 4s .". 91 25
$20,U00 L A-Pac R R Ist con Sa 112 60
I $I»>.CCO Pacific Electric »Ry 5a 112 23
Street — > 1. . •
$6,000 S P of Arizona (1009) 107 00
$10,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 3s. .107 73
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association... S9 63>4
15 Bank of California 423 00.
10 S F Gas &. Electric 62 CO
$3.CCO Pacific Electric Ry 3a 112 25 " .
$11,000 United R R of S F 4s »1 23
Street— .-• \'
60 Onomea Sugar Co ............ 35 50"
$70,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 119 CO
Unlisted Securities.'
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6a. 106 — SF Drydlt 3».113Vi —
B L Wat 63.113 — SF &NP Ss.UO'kllHi \u25a0
Cal NW 5«..lll — SP C R 4s. — 95 .
M C Wat ss. — 114 Sun Tel 65... 111*.; —
OkT Con 58.105 — [ Do 5a IU%IICH
Rls I W3c555.103 — ISuttr-st R55.105 HO .
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 28 Mat Nay Co. 113 i-
Cal Cot Mils 82 — Mills Nat 8k.300 — • •
Cal G&ECor. — 60 NS R R Co. — 12*!4
C Jockey C 1.120 — N Cal P Co. 9*4 9»k
Cal Powder. l7s — (Oak Bk Sav.l4s *-i
Cal Ship Co. — 25 lOOF Hall A «*ri — •
Cal TI& T — 142H| Orpheum Co. — lt"*4
Cen Bk. Oak — 67WPacC Cas C 0.134 — •
Chutes Co .. 4 s*^ Pac Sur Co.. — 120 •
City &C Bk.IOTHH» Paraf Paint.. 90 — .
Cyp L Imp.. — 6 S F Drydock — "73"
DptPwd pfd. 83 90 SF & SJCoal. 20 „— .
Do com. .. 69*^ — S Jose Wat.. l*lB% —
FN Bk 0ak.120 — fsO & MTgbt.l2s — " '.'
Fischer- Thtr — l»«i!Swiss-A 8X..125 -- ' *
Hono P Co.. 36 — Truck Elect.. 14% —
Do old pool 36 — Union S Co.. — \u25a0 34 T 4
Vo nw pool 36 40 W- Fargo 8k.205 .—
i Gas Con A. 19 20%
Morning Session.
Board —
JOO Honolulu Plant Co 34 00 *
50 Honolulu Plant Co (new pool)." 35 CO*"
Afternoon Session.
Board — ' \
35 Honolulu . Plant Co 3\ 5Q "*
California Stuck and Oil Exchange. .'
Oil Stocks— . Bid. Asked.' '
Apollo*..vt • 20 ....
As>so Oil Stk Tr Cert 35 • 54- .
Chicago Crude (New) 08
Claremont ." 75
Forty • 50"
I Four 43 • *
Home 50 53"
Illinois Crude : "20
Independence 25 ....- ••.-"•'
Junction ' IS 20.
Kern 13 00 ......
Kern (new) 23
' Kfcrn River .... HflO'
McKittrlck O» " 17
Monte Cristo 80 .S?!4
Occidental of W Va , 02 OS •
Piedmont .... '• OJF .. .
Heed Crude 23
'\u25a0 Superior 05- .
Thirty-three 4 50 . t> 2S
Twenty-eight ... .... 12 OO
OFFICIAL SALES. *" . '\u25a0 •
Mornlns Session.
420 Occidental Oil •.... 03
Afternoon Session. :
2550 Associated Oil ' Stock Co. Stoc!S M
2225 Associated Oil "Co. Stock ~. »3
100 Monte Cristo Oil 80
Mining Stocks. '• * .
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE:
Following wer« the sales on the san Fraa—
1 Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday*.
9:00 a. m. Session — Comstocks. :.t~»"v"'
100 Belcher 19. 50 Ophir .125
ICO Best & BtTch.l 3l)! 3CO Overman IT
, 100 Challenge ... 23| 100 Savaga -«-•?•
2CO Con Va M Co.l 33 ICO Sierra Nev S3
500 Oould & Cur. 19| 300 Yellow Jacket. 23"
12 m. Informal Session— Comstocks.
100 Andes 11! 100 Overman, ..... 17
I ICO Andes .•: IS ir.o Potoal 13
500 Belcher 19{ 200 Savage 71
100 Best & Belch.l 30* 3iX) Seg Belcher..; 05
100 Caledonia . . . 4S| 100 Beg Belcher. . . Ot
200 Caledonia ... 47| UCO Sierra Nev. ... 3S •
500 Challenge ... 24| 100 Sllrer Hi 11..- 94
KXVChollar 19t 730 Silver HU1....- 95
700 Con Va M Co.l 35 2CO Union Con 4*
$00 Crown Point.. 13, 100 Union Con 43...
300 Gould & Cur. .19i ICO Utah. ..."08
SCO Mexican 1 33i500 Yellow Jacket. -23
100 Ophir 7 251 . "
'2 p. m. Session— Comstocks.
3CO Belcher ISTI2OO Seg Belcher... 04
100 Caledonia ... 47* ICO Sierra Nev,..-. 37
ICO Con Va M Col Ss| 200 Union Con . 43
ICO Overman 18' 100 Utah 0T
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. 3Ks£t£§i
Bid. Ask. j • " Bl<!.A3k.'
Alrha .....".. 08 OS Justice 05 C<
Alta 03 OSiKentuek 01 C*
Andes W - »3|Lady Wash .. — 04 \u25a0
Belcher 17 13 Mexican 130 103
Best & Belch.l 30 133 Occidental ... 87 921
Bullion 40 45 Ophir ...- TOO 7 25-
Caledonia ... 48 4SJOphir-Bruns.. 06. C 9
Challenge ... 23 24! Overman ...'.. 16 .17 .
Chollar ."- 17 19»Potosi 12 13
Con Va M Co.l 30 135 S&vas* 68' «9
Confidence 93 1 00 Scorpion CO. 10
Con- Imperial. — Ol'Sejc Belcher... W 05.
Crown Point- 12 13,SieTra N«sv.... 3T .-3S. -3S
Con NY Cl 02! St Louis . 10* •
E Sierra, Nev. 03 Cs' Silver HIII.X. - 93* 95
Eureka Can..l 10 —'Syndicate ....< — - 10
Exchequer ... 53 55 Union Con 42 *J
Gould A Cur. 1* 19 Utah ©» " 08
Hale & Norc.l 8» 1 95 Tellow Jacket. 22 „• 23 .'
Julia .; 03 05 . -.
TONOP.VH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS. *
Mornlnsr Session.
3000 Adams 04M0C0 Mont MtJwyEx 26
2CO *slk Bullfrog. 12 306 M'Nmra. s 10 . 43
1000 Black- Butte.. -SSil*"** MacNamara. .." 43
20CO Blk Rock blO \u25a0 03! 2CO Mont Ton 3 PO
500 Bullfrj-; N Bk 25il. T .no North Star..... 55 ,
600 Cent Eureka..l 10 ICCO Orl* Buiyrogr. 29
COO C Eureka.. l 07V; 1 , SCO Rescue "9 10. 97
300 Cent Eureka..! 05 200 Sandstorm ".... 61
2000 Eclipse, s 10. 30tlftflO Sandstorm Ex. 03
icon Forest City .. 28 lOCrt Sandstorm Ex, 10
ICOO Gldfld Rand.. *"XV SCO Shoshone Gold 25
3000 Horn* ....... 06 l.'W> Tea Midway.. l 50
500 Jim Butler .. 73' 100 Ton Mdway.l-52^
2000 Jumbo Ex ... 151 ICCO Ventura ...... 11 '
1000 Kawlch M Co 15 .tCOO West End- .V.I 03
500 Kendall 14| ...
Afternoon Session-. \u25a0 "*' -'.*• *
500 Amarjosa . . . • 09! SCO Jumbo M, «10 «74
ICOO Amargosa ... 10*7200 MaeNamara... 13
1000 Blue Bell .... 03 SCO M'Nmra. a 30 42
ICO Bullfrog Mm. 33 ICO Mont Ton- 3CO
SCO Bullfrsc N Bk 23 10CO Ohio Ton .... 3«>
ICOO Cash Boy .'. . 18 2CO Orig Bullfrog. 2«
100 ft C Eureka.. l 07Vi 10C0 Ton Horn* Coi\ .08
500 Den Blf*. slO. 23 31CO Ton Home Con 09 "
lfX!O Den Bullfrog. 23! 400 Ton Midway.. 150.
SOCO Dominion ... 20! Ino Ton Mdway.l 52*4
20C0 Dominion ... 21 2WO Ventura 12
".COO Domln. b 00. 'ZV 2CO West End \u0084.t C 5
30CO Eclipse 20[ 200 Wild • G005e. . .2 OCf
SCO Jumbo M Co. 75i 1000 Wonder ...... 02
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
\u25a0 Tonopah District. :..
Bld.Ask.l . Bld.Ask.
Belmont 117 1 20 I .v>»-Naman». ... 4? 43
Boston Ton .. — 13 Midway IJ7I 50
Brgr's JB Ex — 13 Mlzpah Ex ... 11 -12
Cal'fornia . .-. OS •W< Mont Ton ... .3 00 305
Cash Boy ... 16 171 Mon Plttsburg — IS
Colehan ' — 10! Monitor <02 .—. —
Ma Con ... — IT; NY. Ton Coo. 19 20 .
GoM \n«-hor.. S3 .SS' North Star Xl 54
Golden Gate.. 13 — Ohh* Ton .... 30 31
Gold Mt ..... 12 11 Rock Ex. — 15
God Mt Con. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0—.-, 01 Rescu- .. .. W 08
Great Westrn 03 04 Ton Exten ...5 OO 350
Ind Tonopah.. 01 OSlTon Home Con **« 00
Home ..T 06 07{Ton Sty & Old 13 —
j-lf The Lumber Market.
Pacific Co«st Wood and Iron says:
'Th.-. cc-rr.and in July was irood to strong and >
r.oTnal. Th. year 1905 has been better than j
last yea? had the ma.nu £a cturers and ir.er- j
chants feel far more eatisfied than they did j
•.we've TOcr.thh po. Prices are well maintained |
;n all fields and there wenis to be no indica- ;
tion present of any falJing away in current j
All the wood* are active, since '.
. building operations are lively all over the j
coast and pos^itily are most pronounced in '
Southern California. Steamer a:ter steamer, .
intcrir-persed with sailing craft, are traveling
down the coast with all kinds of lumber car- )
cT':e. and "the merchants or the south are. .ike \u25a0
, Oliver Twist, crying for more. They are >?et- ;
ting "ill the lamber products that are possible. !
but btiir their tnaw remains unfilled.
. "Shinglec are moving actively end prices \
at& well maintained, with an. upward tendency .
for redwood, which is possibly so. to a lesser :
extent, with the red c«-ciir. This is true both .
for local. ani Kastern business, and the manu- ;
fai*tur»-rs oi both species look forward to a |
general betterment of business."
Deits&nd for Low-Priced Stock*.
The New York circular of Henry Clews 1
feays:
;*>"P<H:ulation appears to be converging to a :
noticeable degree upon the lower-priced stocks, j
This seejx^ cuite reasonable in view of the !
'"high prices which the high grade investment ;
-•^unties have attained and which are co well
yt\<\ that they have materially narrowed th« !
f.' hting supply of securities on the market. J
!:i view of this a feelinjc of optimism seems
to be increafcing in regard to the lower grades j
of Ftolks, and hag for its basis the tenerally i
favorable technical situation and the di«x>- ;
Pition of the large financial interests to take 1
h. favorable view of future earnings, as e-vi- ;
cenc*4 by the recent.- increases in dividend I
cittributions and the placing of Erie -Eecond J
rrererrtd. :or Sne:anee # on a 4 per cent basis. :
iT''.<j ' dividend action in regard to Erie had 1
"A .te h. stimulatir.K •effect on general senti
fr.-ru and was sided by the continued favorable
'.u:ation in the great iron and steel industry
ah rejected by th<» active demand for steel i
r«-;!s ar.3 structural materials. The activity :
ir.d cor>!ider.c* noted last week in this direc- |
lien continue uninterrupted except that manu- j
fa'-turers are showing more conservatism in j
lix-lr ; urchasee of pig iron and are evidently !
d< >-rrr.:r:ed not to permit business prospects '
to tx> rr.arred by ill-considered speculation. ;
The cuancriy statement of the United States '
i^itel Corr'crjition was regarded as a fairly '
:a\o:-i:fc'.e one, but did r.ot reflect the Increased I
activity that has developed since the begin
ning cf July."
*tnf «rnaJ XleTrnne Collections.
Jr. July the collections of Internal revenue
:n the «• jr?t Disuict of CaJifomia, which in-
V;urje? £an Francisco, were as follows:
On — , .'\u25a0\u25a0. Amount.
Lifct*- $<Sl3 03
Jier 5 , 92.222 50 I
FruHspiiits 24.922 26
'ir*!n spirits 155,325 06
IGqwrta 5 45
Cifca.r? ani cigarettes 20.555 64 |
ecntr 1 20
'Tobacco 1,446 91
**"r«rc !ai tajf» - 246.8';S 90
l'^yn:g iartf *J<J 00
;..\u25a0-.- —
Total ..., :$542.240 95
Lasi Tnonth's collections showed an increase
at *Ert.??g over those o' July, 1904, the collec
i;ot:s :or that month being J44&.013.
Coadition of Steel and Copper Corpora
tions.
The New Tork circular of J. S. Bache &. Co.
cays:
'\u25a0£arnings of the Kteel Corporation for the
June CC» Quarter amount to $3»,305,116, aa in
- crc-aee .c£ $10,814,*i5Jl compared with a year
ago. While not the largest net earnings on
reo-.rd. tiey approach so nearly to tbe highest
fig-jre* &b 10 1* batisractory beyond question.
The corj/crauo-i is steadily strengthening its
position, it is developing the foreign field
and win probably soon have a subsidiary in'
Canada. It is the supply of raw materials
tha* will tell in the loec run. and each year
that passes makes more vaiuabie the com-
X*ny's eaonnous holdings of coal and ltae
ttone and its 700.000.00u tons of iron ore. The
. t*"«rease<l -charges for betterment*, extensions
<nf 4 depreciation, amounting to '$7,900,000 for
Quarter jufct ended, add largely to the
value of the corr.paxy'B securities.
•'Exx->rts cf copper continue heavy, and the
Ftea/iitess of prices at around the 15 cent
mark ha« been one of tie features of the
business situation for over a year. Stocks
of copper on hand are at a minimum,
a.r.d the borne deciand is large and increasing.
Tiie' copper nsarket Is a. natural one. and the
tend^r.cy is distinctly upward. Many of the
conpani** are- earning large amounts on their
sharf-y bX present selling- prices. The Amal
gajritted ConiDaay is In a much better posi
tion than it was when cepper was selling at
' !T rer.t» and the company paying 8 per cent
tf!vid»nds. Its ore bod!»»s are being tested at
the lower levels and found satisfactory, the
rpek at tTae smelt ere Is proving richer than
for some time part, and the .company is say-
Uig lsrte amounts by tbe settlement of the
unfiergrouad war Jar* with Helnxe. It is c*r
tairi that this latter factor will result in a
perrranenl lowering of tbe coet of. production
of r per Irom thft Butte Mountain. There is
room for legitimate improvement- in the price
of the eopiXT shares, ar.4 with a continuance
of prosperity it ts eura to come. Not only fs
thif trup of cofpers and steels, but of many
ctber • iqadlr.g iafiustrial shares. Attention
tcfcicli haa tn«re- or lees been absorbM in the
rs-tlroads will in time include the« Issues, and
In a bull market aiacjr of them will sell at
much hither figures.
••Tbe situation is essentially sound, and
. every <Ja.y that r-asfes without crop damage
adCs Biaterially to its strength. Conditions
- abroad have Bhown steady Improvement, and
the proepw.t of peace is excellent. Foreigners
«.re evlncinir a lively Interest in American bc
rtrities. ard should the crops rrove as large
' as twJlcated a buil market on this side would
rrrfl powprfiil surport from abroad. Stocks
are in strong han<l? and neither com* out on
• decllr^-! 5 cor on Bciall wiv«nc«=. L<eading
f.noncfre rralize the prepcr.d"rance of favor
able influences anrt are hciding for higher
'. Ttricar. Tbe genpr.il prospority of the coun
try. |t« soncd financial position. splendid
crops, J-ee\-j" railroad frafflc and earnings. an<l
jjj^r^a^ea « n dlvifi'r.ds arc all factors Ti-hic'i
make financial history and which In time
• niu"t b« reflected in » h'cher range of prices."
Chi Term 45..... 9(5% Do Ist 4s. cert. 96%
Colo Midland 45.. 75 So Railway 5s 119%
Colo & So 45.... 01% Tex & Pac 15t5..12:>4
Colo Ind ss, ser A 7:t 1 / i Tol, St L&. W 4s. 85
Do ss. s«r 8... 71 Union Pacific 45. .105%
Cuba 5s cert 107 Do cony 4s 1- M J%
Den & Rio G 45.101 U R Steel 2d 55.. 95%
Diet Securities 5s 80 Wabash lsts HSVi
Eiie prior lien 45.101% Do deb B 70%
Do sen 4s «.•{% Western Md 45... BS%
FW& D C l3ts.Hs W& L Erie -15... 93
Hock Val 4%5...110% Wis Central 45... I>4
»w York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20' Little Chief ...... 05
Alice 53 Ontario 2 00
Breece 40 Oohir < 00
Bruns Con 15' Phoenix -• 0-
Comstock Tunnel. 07 Poiosl .'\u25a0 \»
Con Va Mm Co.. 125 Savage -• *>6
Horn Silver 1 75 Sierra Nevada 34
Iron Silver 3 40| Small Hopes ..... 28
LeadvUle Con 06! Standard 135
isoMtun Stocks and Bonds.
Money— ' | U S Steel 34%
Call loans 2%@3%| Do pfd 103%
Time loans 3%(g.4%| Wasting Common. 83
Bonds — I Mining—' ..',
Atchison 4s 102% {Adventure « "
Do adj 4s 97 Al'.ouez JO%
Mcx Central ie.. 77 Arcal Copper Hi
Railroads — Amer Zinc 10
Atchison 86% Atlantic 17%
Do pfd 102% Bingham «ly*
Boston & Albany.23s"4 Calumet & Hecla.6Bo
Boston & Maine.l 77 Centennial 23%
Boston Elev 15." Copper Range- ... 71 Vi
Fitchburg pfd 146 Daly «Vest 14
Mcx Central 22% Dom Coal ....... 77*
NY.N H & H..202 Franklin 12%
Union Pacific ...129% Granby 7%
Ptre Marquette. .. 9S Isle Royale 22%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining 9Vi
Amer Arge Chem. 23 Michigan •• 14*4
Do pfd 90 Mohawk 53
Amer Pneu Tube. 6 Mont Coal & Coke 2%
I Amer Sugar lHhi Old Dominion ... 28%
Do pfd 139 Osceola 09%
; Amer Tel & Tel. 13SVJ | Parrot 25%
i Amer Woolen 3ti% Qulncy 104
Do pfd 103% Shannon 7%
Dom Iron & 5... 22% Tamarack 123
Ed Elect 11ium.. 244 Trinity —
Gen Electric 17S United Copper ... 33%
Mass Electric 17% U S Mining. ..... 33%
i Do nfd 61' U S Oil . . . T 10%
Mas? Gas ..'. 45 Utah 45%
United Fruit 106 Victoria 4
Un Shoe Mach... 69% Winona 12.
Do pfd 32 I Wolverine lIS
London Cloning; Stocks.
Cons for money.. 90*4 N V Central 151
Do for acct 90% Nor & Western... 88%
Anaconda 6 Do pfd 96
Atchieon 89*4 Ont & Western... 54%
Do Pfd 105% Pennsylvania 73%
Bait & Ohio 117*41 Rand Mines 9%
Can Pacific 159 "Reading 53%
Chen & Ohio 60%! Do Ist pfd 43
Chi Great West.. 20% Do 2d pfd 48
! Chi, Mil & St P. 185% So Railway 34%
!De Beers 17"4 Do pfd 101
i Den & Rio G 32% So Pacific 66%
Do pfd B»*4 Union Pacific 133%
I Erie 47% Do pfd 100
j Do Ist pfd 86% U S Steel 38%
Do 2d pfd 76 Do pfd 106%
I 111 Central 176 Wabash 20
Louis & Nash 150 • Do pfd 42
M. X & Texas... 29% Spanish 4s 01%
Bar gilver — Steady; 27V4d per ounce.
Money — 1%@1% per cent.
' The rate of discount in the open market
for short bills Is 1 13-16 per cent and for three
months,' bills 1 13-16 per cent.
Condition of tbc Treasury. '
WASHINGTON. Aug. 2.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury shows: Available cash
balance $131,271,076; gold coin and bullion,
$49,400,979.
»w York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— The New Orleans
Ginners' report makes the condition 73; acre
age reduced, 17.6; abandonment of acreage,
5.1.
Austin (Texas) wires: "Reports of more
wevil than of late."
The New York Commercial has it that promi
nent lines of cotton goods were advanced ",4c
a yard to-day.
; Cotton futures opened steady. August,
10.35 c; September, 10.42 c: October, 10.60 c: De
cember, 10.73 c; January. 10.82 c; March, 10.89 c;
April, 10.91 c; May, 10.97 c.
' Futures closed steady. August, 10.54 c: Sep
: temher, 10.62 c; October, 10.77 c; November,
\u25a0 10.f?2c; December. IO.SSc; • January, 10.l».'"c;
! February, 10.!)7c; March, 11.02 c; April, 11.01 c;
j May. 11.07 c.
Spot closed quiet, 10 points higher. Middling
I uplands. 10.95 c; middling gulf, 11.20 c. Sales,
! 800 bales. •:." i i-;i i
Xerr York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Auk. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts.
15.000 barrels: exports. 11.089 barrels. Market
steady, with quiet trade.
WHEAT — Receipts,- 12.000 bushels; exports,
24.000 bushels. Spot steady; No. 2 red, SS%c
• elevator and S9%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
1 era Duluth, $1 45% afloat; No. 1 Northern
I Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options
j opened lower on account of forefen selling,
I weak cables and lower Northwest markets. A
rally on covering strength West and reports
of lighter Kansas City receipts was followed
by reactions, which finally rallied in sympa
thy with corn and closed %c to *4c net higher;
May closed at 93c; September, 89*4 c; Decem
ber. ?1 04.
HOPS— Steady.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL. — Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — Cables being tamer than expect
ed, in view of the Krische estimate of August
Rio and Santos receipts of only 1,500.000 lbs,
against 1,750,000 a year ago, coupled with sell
ing of September and December by Wall-street
bulls, caused this market to rule about the
same as yesterday. It is said that European
bears are heavily short of September to people
1 who intend demanding delivery, and that Sep
tember may command a premium at Havre
at the end cf the month. •
Futures closed net unchanged to 16 points
higher. Sales were reported of 82,500 bags, in
cluding: September, at 6.95#7c; October, 7.10 c;
December, 7.25 c; March, 7.45@7.50c; May.
7.55@7.60c. .
Spot R-o steady. No. 7 invoice, B%c; mild,
quiet; Cordova, 10®13c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%@4c;
centrifugal, OS test. 4 3-32@4%c: molasses
sugar. 3 3-16@3yjc. Refined, steady.
BUTTER — Firm; State dairy, common to
extra, 10%@:21c; Western factory, common to
extra. 15@15%c.
CHEESE— Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues firm, with supplies for future shipment
advancing. Spot quotations remain about un
changed with common to good at 4%@5%c;
prime, 6*4@6%c: choice, 7c; fancy, 7%c.
PRUNES — Firm— The upward movement in
futures has found some reflection in the spot
situation. Quotations now range from 4".£c to
6%c. accordins to grade.-
APRICOTS— Are quiet. Some export busi
ness is reported, but generally speaking buyers
are holding off for better terms, which sellers
show no disposition to grant. Choice are
quoted at B«ZB*4c; extra choice, B"4«S*«ic'
fancy, 9%<gloc. '* '
PEACHES— Unchanged, with chofte quoted
at 10@10i.ic; extra choice, 10V4@10%c; fancy,
lie.
RAISINS— DuII. Muscatels, 4"4«?6>4c- seed
ed raisins, 5%@'6%c: London layers, $I@l 15. |
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Auk. 2.— A further advance
was reported in the London tin market with
ppot closing at £151 10s. lOd anj futures at
£150. The local* market was also ' firm and
somewhat higher at $32 So@32 85, but demand
was slow, as buyers are none too confident of
the stability of prices, owing to the specula
tive nature of the advance abroad and the pos
sibility that- liquidation may cause readjust
ment.
Copper lost part of Its recent gain abroad,
cla-ing at £08 6s 8d for spot and £68 10s for
future?. Locally the market was unchanged
with lake and electrolytic quoted at Sl5 50
and casting at 14 57%@15 12%. »<»•«>
Lead was firm at $4-00@4 70 in the local
market and somewhat higher at £14 in Lon
don. Spelter advanced to £24 in the' London
market, remaining firm at $5 60(^5 70 in New
Iron closod at 4!)s 5d In Glasgow and at 46s
4%d in Mlddlesboro. Lo caUy iron was un
changed.
MISCELL.AAEOUS MARKI3TS.
high levels up to 435. A feeling of safety in !
iae labor oiu.ucii jn the coal mining uidustry !
i.v» teen inuue-eu by the harmony of sentiment j
c-n tv« subject Bbown in recently putuisned
news ti-iuint; irom the head or the mine work
era ajid Ircuv one of the chief executives of
the "anthracite companits. Tne monthly ad
vance on August 1 ra the pnet in antnracite
it> a-ccoaipaiiied by very connJent. i>reaictioas
trom iraae autnorities as to the volume of re
viuiierue:iu> tor the coming period at the year's
luajcimum price scheduled. Such occasional
etrong pointy in the nay's market served partly
but not entirely to overcome weakness which
I was quite general at most periods of the day.
A harder tone and a slight advance in the call
loan market, spring wheat market damage re
i juris ana the yellow lever quarantines were
; the professed grounds for the selling. An <?f
; lort to attribute the eeillnir to the account of
' a -.eteran professional operator with great
: prestige as a leader 01 bear campaigns in the
past made some impression on sentiment, but
: with a mixture cf CUlßleJon of manipulative
| shares. The Pittsburg coal stucks broke vio-
I lently as % retult of the financial statement
! published to-day showing results for fix
months' operation. The bonds were even more
I violent, and indicated an urgent demand from
lan oversold short interest. Great Northern
! preferred end Northern Pacific sold off on in
: tignificant transactions, supposedly by reason
lof the telegraphers' strike. The June "earnings
! fctatemei.t of the Pennsylvania and Illinois
I Centn.l Ehowed an expansion in operating ex
t i>enses larger than the growth in gross earn
; ing*., with resulting disappointing results in
I the portion available for distribution. The
1 price of ccpjx»r underwent a sharp reaction in
I London. The easing of the London money
j market with the month's turn was checked
; by withdrawals by the Japan.-*' Government.
I The heavy tone recurred in the latter market
: and the closiEK was easy.
Bonds were firm on a well diversified de
i mand. TctaJ sales, par value, $2,714. C00.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
»ir Tork Stock List.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
: Adams Express : 235
! Amalgam Copper.. 27.200 54»4 83% Si
jAm Car & Found. 2,000 37 3e»i 36%
jAm Car & F pfd.. 600 99»i 99% JW»;
! Amer Cotton Oil 20%
j Am Cotton Oil pfd 92
j American Express 225
iAm Hide <fc L pfd. 700 391, 3JH4 39Vi
I American Ice ;... 26
j Anier LJnseod Oil 17
\u25a0 Am Linseed Oil pfd 40
Amfr Locomotive.. 2.300 4S' 8 4SU 4814
Aroer Loco pfd 100 112' 112 ' 111'
Am Smelt & Ref.. 54,50<) 12« 124 125%
Am S & Ref pfd.. 1.000 123*? i 123' mVj
Amer Sugar Ref... 3,500 143>i 142>m 142%
Am Tobacco prd.. 200 97 97 OU"£
Anaconda Mm Co.. 500 lltj 115-4 115 Vi
Atchison 6,800 87Vs S6'i S6'A
Atchison pfd 200 106V4 102% 102%
Atlantic Coast L. . 2.t>00 162&s ICO 162
j Baltimore &Ohio.. 11,600 115 lVi% 114V4
Bait & Ohio pfd 300 »9% • 99 9sVi
Brooklyn Rap Tran. 8,300 69^i CS^ U>*g
I Canadian Pacific... 2.000 155 154»i 154"*
Cen of New Jersey 1.200 207 2024 205 "
Cen La 200 44 .43*4 4Z%
Cen La pfd 400 104% 104^, 104
Chesapeake & Ohio. 200 54 a » 54-Tg 54-ja
Chicago & Alton 30
Chi & AJton pfd.. 400 81 *c $1 71)
Chi Great Western 300 2CV* 20 ib%
Chicago & N V»' 5.600 215V4 213 21 l»i
CM, Mil & St P... 13,100 180% 179% 17»%
Chi Term & Trans j.n
Chi T & T pfd 40Vi
C, C, C& St L... 400 9'a% 99 OS,4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1,100 4>i 45** 45^
Colo & SouthPrn.. 2,200 2ST& 2.SV 4 2& ! . i
Colo & South lgt pfd 2CO 62 f2 61 %
Colo & South 2d pfd 400 39* i 39% 3Uv,i
Consolidated Gas... 191'
Corn Products 1,000 10 10 y T «
Corn Products pfd 45 1 /-
Delaware A Hudson 3,300 195"^ 193 194
Del. Lack & West. 2,000 438 425 42.*
Denver & Rio G ;n*4
D & Rio G pld ICO 86*4 86>i 86%
DisUl Securities.... 200 42* t 42' i \u25a042
Erie 25,800 4« ( 'i 45% 464
Erie Ist pfd 3,4<i0 84 83% 83%
Erie 2d pfd 2,300 74^ 73»i 74
General Electric .. 100 179 17U 17S
Hocking Valley 88
Illinois Central .... 1,400.171% 170% 170%
Inter Paper 19Vi
Inter Paper pfd 78
Inter Pump 27Va
Inter Pump pfd , 60
lowa Centrla 600 28V4 27% 28
lowa Central pfd. 100 53% 53% 53*4
Kans City So 26
Kans Gity So pfd. 200 58% 68% 57
Louisville & Nash. 5,300 146*4 145*^ 145%
Manhattan L. 200 168 166 166
Metropol Securities 300 81% 81% 81%
Metropol Xt Ry ... 3,800 127% 127% 127%
Mexican Central .. 3,900 22% 22% 22%
Minneap & S Louis 300 63% 63 &{%
M,StP & Sault S M 1,000 130% 129 129%
M.StP&S S M prd 161%
Missouri Pacific ... 4,800 100% 99% 100
Mo, Kans & Tex... 100 28% 25% 28
Mo, Kans & T pfd 62%
National L*ad 8,100 45% 47% 46
N R R of Mcx pfd 37%
N V Central 4,400 147% 146% 146%
N T, Ont & West 8,000 53% 52% 52%
Norfolk & Western 1,100 86 85% 85%
Northern Pacific... JKK) 204% 204 203
Nor & West pfd... .., 92
North American... 1,100 100% 99% 09%
Pacific Mall 200 42% 42% 42%
Pennsylvania .. 19.200 143 142% 142%
People's Gas 1.700 106% 105% 105%
Pittsbg. CC & St L 75
Pressed Steel Car. 3,200 43% 42% 42%
Pressed S Car pfd... 1.000 96% 95% &«%
Pullman Pal Car 238
Reading 35.500 105% 103% 104%
Reading Ist pfd 93t£
Reading 2d pfd .. 100 01% 81% 91 '
Republic Steel .... 1,600 21 20% 20%
Repub Steel pfd .. 2,700 83% ,83 83*4
Rock Island Co 3,100 31/* 30% 30%
Rock Islsnd Co pfd 200 76% 76 76%
Rubber Goods 34
Rubber Goods pfd 104
BtL &SF 2d pfd.. 600 69 68% «SV>
St Lcuis S XV..:. 700 24 23% 2.J%
St Louis S W pfd 100 60 60 60%
Southern Pacific... 2,900 09% H4i,i 64%
Southern Pac pfd.. 2CO llfi% 117% 117Ts
Southern Railway.. 25.800 34% 33% 34%
Southern Ky pfd... 100 95% I*B% 98*4
Tern Co*l * Iron.. 4,600 80% BS% 8f)
Texas & Pacific...-, 200 38% 33% 33%
T, 6t L& W 100 38 3S J'7%
T, St L& W pfd.. 300 57% 57 ' 57
Union Pacific 76,600 100% 129% 129%
Tnion Pacific pfd 98
U S Express 122
U H Realty 90
U S Rubber 3,500 62% 61 52
t) S Rubber pfd.. 300 109'? 10fl% 109%
U S Steel 10.900 35 % 34% 34%
U S Steol pfd 14.800 100% 103% 103%
Va-Caro'irm Chem. 600 34 34 33%
Va-Caro Chcm pfd 200 106 106 100
Wabai»h 100 19% 19% lfi
Wabash pfd... 39%
Wells Fargo Ex ..r 230
Wcstinghouse Elec 168
Wrstom Union 100 S3U 93V4 93%
Wh^Un* & L E A. 16
V,-iscons!n Central. 100 , 23% 25% 23
WiaconFin Con pfd 51%
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Aug. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts.
1S.0O0; steady to weak. Good to prime steers,
$5 20*55 90; poor to medium, $3 <s@j; stock
ers and feeders. $3 50@4 50; cows. $3 50®
4 50- heifers. ?2 25@4 75; canners, $1 2502 40;
bulls, $2 40@4: calves. 53 50@7; Texas fed
steers. $3 75@4 75; Western steers. $3 75@
4 90
HOGS— Receipts, 20,000; market 10c higher.
Mixed af.d butchers*. $5 60^6 20; rood to
choice heavy. $5 00@6 15: rough heavy, $5 45
QB 75; light, $5 75<g<J 25; bulk of sales. $5 85@
6 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20.0C0; market 10c higher
for sheep; lamb*, steady. Good to choice
wethers shorn, $4 50@5 SO: fair to choice
mixed shorn, $4©4 40; Western sheep shorn,
$4@4 75; native lambs shorn, $4 75®7 75;
Western lambs, $5 75Qu. *
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 2.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 20.000: market steady to 10c lower. Na
tive steers, $4@5 60; native cows and heifers.
$2@2 25: Ptockers and feeders. §2 75®4 35;
bulls. $2 15@3 75; calves, $3(g6: Western
suers. $3 50®5; Western cows, $2@4.
HOGS — Receipts, 5000; market 5c higher.'
bu!k of sales, ?5 85@5 f>s; packers, $5 85@
5 (t7%: pies and light. $5 85@6. \u25a0
SHEEP— Receipts, 5000: strong to 10c high
er Muttons, ?i@s 25: lambs, $si§6 50; range
wethers, $4 25@5 25; fed ewes, $3 75@4 35.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Aug. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3000;
strong and lc higher. Native steers, $2 75®
5 40; cows and heifers, $2 80:9*4 40; Western
steers. $3 25@4 50: Texas steers, $2 75@3 S5;
cows and heifers, $2<£f3 <i 0: canners. $1 50@
2 50; etockers and feeders, $2 25(^4 25; calves,
$3iff»s 50; bulls and stags, $2@3 75.
HOGS — Receipts, "7900; market 5c higher.
Heavy, $5 70*35 75; mixed. $5 72%@5 75; light,
$5 75®5 80: pigs, $4 75@5 50: bulk of sales,
$5 72Vtr@5 77%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7000; steady. Western
yearlings. $4 75<go; wethers, .$1 25@4 50; ewes
$;{ 85©4 10; lambs. $<;<gfi «5. v ' "
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
beyond filling routine requirements.' which are
email Futures are quoted at 6%c for choice
yf Howe,*- but no Important business was done
,so far .as learned. " Raisins were dull and
neglected, but with holders, firm "in their views
on price's."
FRUlTS— Apricots. 5"4@7%c for new crop
Royals and for Moorparks; Peaches,
liV.feti^c for standards. 7©7 Vie for choice. 7%
e7%c for extra choica aad SfiSUc for fancy;
Pears, old, 7@llc: Plums, nominal; new Eva->
orated Apples, 7%(SSc; cun-dried 2®3c per lb;
new Figs boxes, 50c for choice. 55c for exrra
choice and tjOc Tor. fancy; bulk white. 2»;ig45
P€ PRUNES— Old crop. 2%#2<sic per Ib.fpr the
four sizes and 3@3Vic basis for the large sizes.
New crop Prunes, 3®3Vic four-size basis. w4to
3%c asked by many.. .\u25a0. \u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0 | .
RAISINS— I9O4 crop f. o. b. Fresno— Dehesa
clusters $1 Cs@l 40 : London Layers. So@ysc:
Loose Muscatels, 4-crown s*4 c: 3-crown. 4\j;
"-crown. 3%c: Thompson's Seedless, % 4V»c;
Seeded. 4V l e6%c per lb. "_ - ,„«,,
NUTS — Walnuts No. 1 softshell. lJ©l3c:
No. 2, 10@llc: No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2,
10c- Almonds 16@17c for Nonpareils, 15'(il6c
for'l X L and Ne Plus Ultra and ll@l2c for
Languedoc: Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans, llf»13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5. _
HONEY— Comb. lOfflllc for white and i@9c
for amber; water white extracted. aics>ic;
light amber extracted, 4#sc: dark. 3<g3%c;
Hawaiian. 2<32*-',c for extracted.
BEESWAX-5-27@29c per lb.
Provisions.
The market, though still "dull, rules firm at
the advance noted yesterday.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb f° r
heavy. 12c for light medium. 13% c for light. \u25a0
14c for extra light and 16@17%c for sugar
cured; dry Salt Side», 10c: Bellies. ll%c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams 13»ii»14c: Califor
nia Hams. 12%@13c: Mess Beef, $9 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $10; Family. $11; prime Mesj
Pork, $14; extra clear $19 50; Mess, $17 50;
Pig Pork. $22; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef.
14c per lb. . . - . ...
LARD — Tierces quoted at 5%c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and 9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9\c;
10-lb tins. lOMc; 5-lb tins. 10% c; 3-lb tins,
10% c. . -
, COTTOLENE— One half barrel, SY t c: three
half barrels, S^ic; one tierce 8c; two tierces,
7T;c: five tierces, 7%c per lb. -.:;. *\u25a0'«;;
Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The latest reports from New York say of
Hops: "The California crop is now estimated
at 3000 bales short of last year, but Oregon
and Washington are. expected to yield about
17,000 bales more.. The New York State crop
is estimated at 5000 to 15,000 bales less than
last season."
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brand 3 sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 12c : medium, lie; light, lie; Cow
Hides, 110 for heavy and lie for light:
Stags. 8c; Salted Kip. lie; Salted Veal, 12c;
Salted Calf. 13c: dry Hides, t9c; dry Kip.
. 17c; dry Calf, 21c : Sheepskins, shearlings.
15@40c each; jhort Wool. 50@75c each; medium
90c&$l"10; long Wool. $1 25@2: Hors» Hides,
salt, $3 lor large and $2 75 for medium.
$2 25 for small and 50c f»r Colts: Horsa
Hides dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for
medium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts;. Buck
Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted Mexican.
25c; dry Central American. 30c. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c: extra large do, $1 25;
large. 50c- medium. 50c; small. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%@4c per lb:
No. 2, 3@3%c; Grease 1%@2%c.
WOOL — Spring clip — Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 2S'g3oc. Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs,
free. 17@19c; do, defective 15@lSc per lb.
HOPS— I9O4 crop. 16%@18%c per lb; 1905
crop, 15c. -* "V
Meat .Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — iy.Ss%c for Steers and 3%®4%c per
lb for Cows. - »
VEAL— Large. 6SI7c: small. B@9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%<g7%c; Ewes 5@6%c
per lb. \u25a0
LAMB — B@9c per lb.
"PORK — Dressed Hogs, 6%®9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 4fr@
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 5%@6c; Cows and Heif
ers. 4@4%c.
CALVE!? — 3%*f4c per lb: (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3?ic; Ewes. 3®3Kc
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— S2 75@3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 130 to 200 lbs. 5««?6?;
over 2CO lbs. s%ias"kic: Feeders, nominal: Sows.
20 per cent off: Boars. 50 per -cent off. ami
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 7 Vic; Wool Bags. 27®
31c: Fleece Twine, 7%c: Fruit Bags, 6V»@7c.-
COAL — Wellington. $S per' ton: New Wel
lington $S- Seattle; $6 50: Bryant. $•> 50;
BeaverHlll. $5 50: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $3 50;
Richmond. $S; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14- Welsh Anthracite Egg $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 '50; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50013 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks: Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $s 50 per short ton. \u0084..,.<
OILS — Potations are for barrels; for cases
add sc : Linseed. 64c per gallon for boiled and
62c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 14@1 16; Lucol. 56c tor
boiled and 54c for raw ; China Nut. cases. GZ<l
fOe per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels, 53s
for "Ceylon and 55c for Australian: extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil 63c : extra bleached winter Whale
OH. 65c; natural Whale Oil. 60c: extra winter
strained .Lard Oil. 75c: No. 1 Lard OH. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c: No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
'67%e*. Herring Oil 45c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled
Fish Oil. 35c: raw Fish Oil. 35c; Paint Oil. 35c.
COAL OIL, GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil, in bulk, lie; Pearl Oil in cases.
17% c; Astral, 17% c: Star, 17%o; Extra Star.
20% c; Elaine. 2<*c; Eocene, 10 He; Stove Gasor
line in bulk, 14 % c; "n cases. 21c; Motor Gaso
line, la bulk. 14% c: In cases. 21c: No. 1 En
gine "Distillate, iron barrels or drums, Se: No.
2 do 6%c; cases,' 6%c more; Benzine, .in bulk,
12% c; cases. 19c : 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk.
25c; In cases. 31c. - . -
i TURPENTINE— B3c per gallon in cases and
T7c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%0
So per lb; White Lead. 7%@Bc according to
quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed 5.20 c:
Powdered 5.05 c; Candy Granulated. 5.05 c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 4.95 c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
4.95 c; Fruit Granulated 4.95 c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 4.85 c: Confectioners'
A. 4.95 c: Magnolia A 4.55 c: Extra C. 4.45 c:
Golden C, 4.35 c; "D,"' 4.25 c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, 23c more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 5.45 c: boxes. 5.70 c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos 7.95 c per lb. No order taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 2.
Flour qr sks... 9.3381 Screenings »ks. .. 200
Wheat ctls .... 2.s63! Leather, rolls ... 219
Barley, ctls .... 4.135 Hides. No 850
Oats, ctls 2,127 °olts. bdls 470
Tallow ctls 306 Lime, bbls 190
Beans, sks 259 Chicory, bbls ... 65
Potatoes sks ..'. 5.535 Hay. tons 312
Onions, sks 677 Wool, bales 68
Bran sks 465 Quicksilver flsks. 41
Middlings sks .. 160! Wine, gals 16,C<)0
OREGON.
Flour qr 5k5... 17. »76! 8ran, sks ...... 1,550
Wheat, ctls .... 7.l79! Feed, sks 2.223
EASTERN.
Wheat, ctls 6001 ..
K^sVdrk Stocks quid and not materially changed. Cotton firmer.
XrtpWitch f'inctiiatiov* on the local exchanges.
Sltsphicrii of 5240.5C0 im Specie in Hongkong.
Liiyxbcr market reported in satisfactory condition.
'Silver. arid Exchange about as before Quoted.
H neat, Bar lev and other Grains about the same.
J-lax Tveak and plentiful. Bran and Middlings cas\\
•In "• • .
beans very steady.
Cahtinuca [firmness in Dried Fruits everywhere.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs show little change.
Provisions firm at the recent advance, but quiet.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables still in Imxc supply.
Foultrx market better cleaned up and steadier.
Deciduous Fruits coming in heavily. Limes higher.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Flour, $8; Corn "Meal $2 75; extra Cream do.
$3 75; Oat Meal, $4 25@4 50; Oat Groats. $4 50;
Hominy $3. 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@
4 75; Cracked Wheat $3 75: Farina. $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 00: Rolled Oats, bbls.
$6 50@7 50; in sacks, $d@7; Pearl Barley, $«;
Split Peas, boxes. $5>50; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs. :
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Feedstuffs are . quoted as before, but Bran
and Middlings are reported easy. The receipts
of Hay were very much smaller yesterday, but
the market was still overstocked. The citcular
of Somers & Co. says :
'"Shipments .of Hay during the past week
havo been running very heavy, the total. being
practically the. same as that cf last week —
5600 tons. The tracks and Hay wharf are
blocked with Hay and the situation is in a
very bad shape.. Large quantities of Hay have
been sold, but as there are not sufficient Hay
teams in San Francisco to remove the Hay -as
fast as it is arriving it naturally accumulates
on the market,- thus creating a very bad state
of affairs. All regular handlers" of Hay are.
being so crowded w" 1 - shipments that they are j
unable to buy from the commission men, ao
that there are many cars on the market for
which 1 there is practically no sale. We have
experienced similar conditions' before, al
though we fear that with the unusual heavy
crop this season that matters may continue
this way for some little tln»e to come.
"We can report no change In the outlook, i
for most everything arriving is placed In San '
Francisco,, but little being exported. There
Is notMng now in sight to encourage us in j
anticipating any foreign .or coastwise move- .
ment of our surplus stocks.
"Even the choicer grades of Hay are feeling
the weakness occasioned by heavy shipments,
while poorer grades , are dragging at even
lower quotations."
i BRAN— S2I 50@22 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2t«S 28 50 per ton.
SHORTS— s23@24per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $21 50@22 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, ?33 CC@3 l 50; jobbing,
SJS; Cocoanut Cake at mill. $22@22 50; Jobbing.
$23; Cocoanut Meal at mill. $22@22 50; jobbing.
$23; Corn Meal. $30@30 50; Cracked Corn.
$30 50@31; Mixed Feed. $22 50£i24: Horse
Beans, $30@40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, ,90c
per ctl: Calfalfa Meal, carload lots. $21; Job
.blng. $22 50 per ton; Mealfalfa, $18 in car lota
and $20 for smaller quantities.
HAY— Wheat $a® 13 50; Wheat and Oat,.
$8 50@12 50: Oat. $7@ll 50; Barley and Oat,
*7@10; Barley. $6 50#9: Volunteer Wild Oat,
l*s@g; stable, $6 50@8 50; stock, $5@6; Clover,
$7@10; Alfalfa, $«®l> per ton.
STRAW — 30@50c per bale
Beam and Seeds.
Large White Beans are firm and in demand
for shipment, with the lower and medium
grades higher. Bayos have again advanced
under scarcity. LLmas are easier again, with
some dealers quoting lower prices. The other
kinds remain unchanged. .
BEANS— Bayos, $4©4 50; Pea. $3@3 50;
Butter, $2 50<g4; small White $3 25@3 75; large.
White. $2 6002 90; Pink. $1 SCK&2 50 for fair
to good and $3 25<g3 75 for choice; Red, $3 50
@7;. Lima $5 60<ff5 75; Red Kidneys, $3®4 50;
Blackeyes. $3@3 15 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 25<g2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $2 25@2 75; Canary,
6%c: Alfalfa, 10#llc for California and 12®
13c for Utah; Rape, 2%@3%c; Timothy, nomi
nal; Hemp. 3%c per lb; Millet, 2&@3%c;
Broom Corn Seed $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2@2 25; Green Peas,
$1 50@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions .and Vegetables.
There was some little shipping activity .In
Potatoes, the low prices having attracted some
business from the Southwest, but there was not
sufficient movement in that direction to re
lieve the market, which was still badly con
gested with river Burbanks. Onions continued
weak, supplies being too large for the local
market to absorb, and there was no inquiry
from outside points.
Prices o' miscellaneous vegetables showed
but little variation, supplies of most descrip
tions still being far in excess of market needs.
Peas and Beans were still scarce and firm
and Corn was steady for top quality offerings.
Tomatoes were still in burdensome supply and
Cuournbers were a glut on the market.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 40@50c per ctl;
White. 35(g75c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, 85c@
$1 per ctl: Garnet Chiles 40@55c per ctl.
ONIONS— YeIIow. 85c@$l per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 3<§3%c per lb;
String and Wax Beans, 4@6c per lb; Lima
Beans. 6c per lb; Tomatoes, 25@50c per
box: Summer Squash. 35® 50c per box; Cucum
bers, 25@50c per box; Pickle Cucumbers, nom
inal; Cabbage. 70c per ctl; Carrots. 75c per
sack; Garlic. 3@4c per lb; . Egg Plant, $1@
1 50 per box; Green Peppers, 65c@$l per box
for Chile and $I@l 25 for Bell; Green Okra,
75c(g$l per box: Green Corn, $1 25@2 25 per
sack and $2/50<§3 per crate.
Poultry and Ganie.
Arrivals of domestic Poultry were compara
tively light and the market cleaned up better
than for some while back, there being mor«
snap to trade. Prices, however, showed no
Improvement, as there was no actual scarcity
of anything. A car of Western Hens was
hourly expected, but had not appeared up to a
late hour. I
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 19i§-21c per lb for
old and 23@25c 'for young; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings. $1 SCK3I 75; Ducks, $3 50
64 per dozen, for old and $4@4 50 for young;
Hens, $4j?5 for small and $5 50@8 for
large: young Roosters, $4 50®6; old Roos
ters $4@l 50- Fryers $393 50; Broilers $2@3;
Pigeons. $1 25: Squabs. $1 50@l 75.
GAME— Hare. $1 50@l 75 per dozen; Cot
tontail Rabbits. $1 : 50@2 per dozen.
Butter. Cheese and Kkc.h.
The Butter market showed some irregularity
yesterday, some houses quoting a firmer mar
ket, while others found the situation weak and
unchanged.- It. was largely a question of
stocks, which were unevenly distributed, some
houses being oversupplied and others not hav
ing sufficient. Receipts were lighter than of
late up to the middle \u25a0of the day. '
Cheese stood the same, choice mild new
being firm and the lower grades neglected and
weak. •
Most houses reported an easier feeling in
Esv. as the recent advance is affecting the
retail demand and also leading to more or less
withdrawal from cold ; storage. Prices, how
ever, remain unchanged.
Receipts were 43,900 lbs Butter. 1126 cases
Eggs and 11.900 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 23c
for extras and-22@22%c for lower and medium
grades; dairy. 20#22c; cold storage. 21%@23c:
store putter, 16@17%c. ;
CHEESE — Good to choice mild new, 9f?10c;
common, B%c; Young Americas, 10»-i@llc:
Eastern, 14@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 27%@29c for large white se
lected and 25@26c for fair to good; store
Eggs. 16@22c; Eastern firsts, 20@24c; seconds.
lt>@lSc per dozen. V
, ' Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There were heavy arrivals of fruit in bulk,
chiefly Peaches and Pears, and. as the canners
were operating cautiously, the market for that
line of goods was easy and there was ,a
heavy surplus at the close. Buying on canning
account is likely to continue quiet for some
time,/ as all of the leading- concerns are over
loaded with contract supplies of Bartlett Pears
Apricots- rule firm, as the season is practically
ended and there is very little stock coming in.
Wrapped Bartlett Pears of good quality were
firm in the open market, while Peaches were
easy owing to the heavy accumulation of
bulk fruit which was offering to the regular
trade at low prices. Small packages of Prunes,
Nectarines and Plums were plentiful. and weak,
except for fine German Prunes in crates. Mel
ons were in better demand, but the receipts
were too large to admit of any improvement
in cricee. Retailers manifested but little in
terest in Grapes and weak prices ruled for all
varieties. Crab Apples were eagerly sought
after and available : supplies cleaned -up
promptly at good prices}. 40-lb boxes bringing
$1 50 and small packages 75c. Other Apples
showed no Improvement, supplies being far in
excess of the demand. The market was badly
congested with Blackberries and the outside
quotation was obtained only for fancy Santa
Clara lots, $2 per chest being the top for
offerings from other sections. Strawberries
were firmer and Raspberries ruled steady at
the old quotations. Mexican Limes were higher,
stocks being closely cleaned up, while all
other Citrus goods were steady but quiet.
STRAWBERRIES— Per chest, Longworths,'
$3®6: large varieties, $3@4.
RASPBERRIES — Per chest. $4<g". .
BLACKBERRIES— SI 5002 50 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— B@IOc per lb.
APPLES— BSc@SI 15 per box for fancy and
4C@7sc for' common' to choice; Crab Apples,
75cff$l 50 per box.
APRICOTS — Crates. 65@90c: small boxes 50
©60c; large boxes. 85c®$l 25. . ."\u25a0;.;..\u25a0
PEACHES— SmaII boxes. 4O@50o : carriers.
Ro®7sc: open boxes 40@75c: in bulk, $25i§'35
per ton for Freestone and, $50i@60 for Cling-
PEARS — Bartlett. $I@l 75 pet box; in* bulk]
$60 per ton for No. 1 and ' $25@40 . for lower
XradeV Dearborn Seedlings. 75c@$l per box.
PIUMS AND "PRUNES- Crates. 50@75c:
small boxes. 25640 c; Plums, in bulk. $10®
NECTARINES — 75c@$l per box or crate.
. pigs — Nominal. \u25a0 r . ' . -
MELONS— Cantaloupes, river. $202 60 per
crate" others, $I©l 50 per crate; Nutmeg Mel
ons 75c@$l per. box: Watermelons, $l@3per
°GFtAPES— Small boxes and crates. 50@75c;
large boxes, $I@l 25. . -
-• CiTKUS 'FRUITS— Oranges, \u25a0\u25a0 Valencia*, $2 50
(®4 per box: Mediterranean Sweets, ?I@2;
Lemons. $1 00®4; . Grape , $1 60®
2 SO- Mexican Limes. $s@o 50 per case; Ba
nana's $2 25@3 per bunch for Central Ameri
2aS and |l#l 75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$1 5002 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruit, Nuts, Raisins and Honey.
'.- \u25a0 The East continues to "report firm markets
for all Fruits, as will be seen by the following
from the . New • York Journal of Commerce :
"'"Currants' were ; held steadily 'up to quota
tions and .buyers who t asked for - reductions
were emphatically refused. . Uncleaned in | bar
rels were 'quoted up to 5%c. with nothing, of
fered below 4%c. Prunes continued to attract
some attention and . prices ; were . held firm iat
3Uc for Santa Claras, four sizes," in bags f. o.b.
For SCsrand 90s 3%c was asked and no one
could' be found who would -offer anything' at
lower prices. Crop . conditions were reported
no better and a total yield of 70,000.000 pounds
appears >to, be the - outside estimate. . . Apricots
were ; firm ras quoted y with , the • situation un-<
changed > as : regards ' condition and output. For
standards up to Sc is \u25a0 asked *on th« spot. , Fu-'
tures range up to s%c.as to grade. Peaches
w«ro ; ouiet" with scarcely ; any interest noted
a year ago." The 'market closed" firm.'' with
September at 84%ig54%.
Small receipts- notwithstanding the com
paratively high prices bid for the grain in the
country was the source of a remarkable ; de
cree of strength displayed in the corn mar
ket. The clote was strong with prices at the
highest point of the day.'- September opened
%ii 1! i to '/.@v«i»c higher at 52% to 52*4 c. sold
n\. to 03?4 and closed at the best figure.
Reports of an excellent export demand had a
strengthening effect on the oats market. Th«
market closed almost at the highest point of
the day. September closlnz at 28c. \u25a0
Provisions were largely firm in sympathy
with a 5c to 10c advance in the price of live
hogs. September pork closed 2»«>c up at $13 00.
Lard was up s@7><o at ?7 42%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clcse.
SePtenTbe? 0 .'.." 84% 85 83% 84%
December. 85^ 86V4 85% 85%
May 88% »»% 88Vi 80^&
Corn No. i—
Sept. (old) 53 54^i 52 r 4 54%
Sept. fnew) 62%- 53% 52% 53%
Dec. (old) -'48%- 45% 47% 45%
Dec. (new) .... 45% -t«% 45% 4«Vi
May ..:... 44% 46 45% 46
Oats No. 2—2 — ,
September ..... 2T% 28VJ 2i% 28
December ...\.. 28% 28% 28% 28%
May V.. 30V4- 29% ™&
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 13 50 13 55 13 42% 13 50
October 13 40 13 45 13 37% 13 37%
Lard, per 100 lbs- 1 - .-
September 7 07% 745 ( 7 37% 7 42%
October 7 45 7 52% 740 7 5J»j
Short Ribs, per. 100 lbs—
September 815 820 810 f IT%
October 8 22Vi » 25 8 17% 8 22%
Cash Grain and . Provision*.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady: No. 2 spring wheat,
?1 00@1 10- No. 3, 95c@$l 05; No. 2 red. 83>/j@
fc>3%c: No. 2 corn, 56c; No. 2 yellow, 56^0;
No 2 oats. 27V-c; No. 2 white. 29%@30%c;
No. 3 white, 28}4@31%e; No. 2 rye,. 53@58%e;
good feeding- barley, 3G@4oc; fair to choice
malting, 41fe44c; No. 1 flaxseed, $131; No. I
Northwestern, $1 35; prime timothy seed, $3.10;
mess pork, per barrel, $13 45@13 50; lard, per
100. pounds. $7 27%@7 30; short ribs sides
(loose), $8 05<gS 15; short clear sides (boxed),
$8 37»/.@S 50; whisky, basis of high, wine?,
$1 27;* clover, contract grade, $12 30@12 75.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 27.000 18,600
Wheat taSeta. 614.100 ,81.200
Corn, bushels 217.000 . 046,200
Oats bushels 299.500 229.100
Rye.' bushels 8.000 200
Barley, bushels 34,t»00 3,300
Butter, Cheewc and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Aug. 2.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm.
Creameries, 17<g20%e; dairies, 16(518 Me. Eggs,
steady; at mark, cases included. 16c; firs' s,
17% c": prime firsts, 19c; extras. 21c. Cheese,
firm 10%@llVic.
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL. THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1905;
Continued on Pace ' li.
* KI"W YCKK. Au*r. 2. — Stocks ebowed a oon
rtantiy Curtuatinis »«-nlency to-flay, -vhich
t*J» «'»* *i>iW""*' :l! y- l< ' * <"<"\u25a0• fl*"t of «=rwculattve
r»-tieG trwri' than to oorflictinji fort** in the
' dr-Vopmcnts cf the day. CJroup* cf Blocks
\u25a0Mftarft" *\u25a0* "! uh ' ect t0 a common influence
fl-or- 'ona cause were i-ffe-cte'l frcm time to
tiTrc but tke pessib!* raawt tor tho move
wet* obscure. This was notably true
• 3l«OC*l of cor.ipsir.ies «lea!ln B with the ireat
£-«\u25a0•\u25a0». cf Txi'.tals *r.d oros. Smelting. National
'i' ( .Zt Federal Mining and B^:«:ltlnsr ana Unßpfl
rtx'c's Redocttoo ibowed a nr.taWe <:oncorr" in
-nevcrcent: Humora have 1-jng I>etn prevalent
«7f h cnns.'tJlflatlcn of interest* in t;ii* Old or
Irflustrr l"'< n0 '"wrm-diale. news was fortli-
M«R«nr' n the subject to-day.- The coalers as
-» p"»oi*i *nad» up another instance of mich-a
" »**J .< : an-VT»t*"' The ' h!Kh priced, closely held
tiers of the group, which move widely on
SVm provocation frctn quite small causes, led
Js'Vi r»ev'»rjcnt. Dclav.-.-iT-e. Lakawanna and
•TTtsLcra *x-jcndin^ it* brilliant record of new
>>w Yrrlc Stn«-k market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
• Xctv York Bonds.
U S ref 2s res.- 30-"* ~A\ Japan 6s cert.... 101%
Do coupon ..Hfl'A Japan 6s, 2d ser. 90 «
Do 3s res la j 1) | -Japan 4%e, cert.. 92%
Do coupon IWvijL . & N unified 4s.i<vt%
Do new *< res-JJu-ajMon con gold 45. 104%
Do coupon 1-2 JMox Central 45... 77 k
Do old 4s rtg.MW I Do Ist Inc >24
Do coupon 104 .Minn- & St L 4s. 97%
Air.fr Tob 4s \u0084'SJ?| M r, X * T «as 45. 102
I> 0 6s Ui>% Do 2ds say.
Atch Ken 4s • 104 NH .of Mcx con 4b 82
Do adj 4s 0$ N T C gen 8%5.. «9%
Xt'antle C L 45.102%! NJ C C en 85:...i34HB S :...i34H
Bait & OWo 46..105V4J Nor Pacific. 45.... 105
Ort o%s $•>•)* Do 3s 771/
Central of Ga 55.114 Nor & W con 45.10:>%
Do l»t 1nc.... !>< O8 L refdg 45... MM
DoM Inc £0% Pa cony 3%e.. .. .Jo4*t£
Ones & Ohio 4%5.1«-?i Reading Ren 4e...102%
Chi & Alton 3%.. SO L AIM con 55.H6%
C B & Q new 45.101% St L & S F. tg 4s. 88%
Ci UI & Pac is. X! Ft LS W oon 4s. «>%
Do col 5s 94U Seaboard A L 4i no
C.n.C & sL*m 4«.10.1 So Paciflo 4s .... 94%
15
AUCTION SALES
*>; AT AUCTION. 20 head of all purpose
- horses. By order of Georse Sylvia.
This stock must be sold to the highest bidder."
Saturday. August 5. at 11 a. m.. at «113 Broad-
way, Oakland.
J. *F. EAUMGARTEN. Auctioneer.PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.— Petitions ln
Insolvency were . filed yesterday in the United
States District Court aa follows: Chris S\
Judge Cook heard the arguments yes
terday on an application for a writ of
habeas corpus for the release of Wil
liam Montgomery. The application was
granted and the .prisoner discharged.
Montgomery was one of several defend
ants convicted by Police Judge Conlan
of visiting an> opium resort. He was
fined $10 or ten days, and immediately
ran out; of the courtroom. He was
chased and captured, and the Judge
changed the sentence to six months. It
was held that the Judge had no power
to sentence as no complaint had been
sworn to charging Montgomery.
Montgomery Released on Writ.
A decree of divorce was granted yes
terday to Charles McCloughan from
Dora V. McCloughan for desertion.
Mary E. Rodriques filed suit yesterday
for annulment of her'marriage to An
tonio Sllveria Cabelleira Rodriques, al
leging that the defendant had a wife
living at the* time he married tho plain
tiff. Suits for divorce were filed by H.
R. against Mary Thompson for deser
tion, Carrie E. against Walter E. Hall
for intemperance, Julia A. against
Charles Muhlback for cruelty and Leah
against Isadore Friedlander for failure
to provide.
In the Divorce Court.
Eugene Sullivan of. 51S Van Ness
avenue stiir languishes in the County
Jail, in default of JGOOO ball,' awaiting
trial on the. charge of perjury, alleged
to have been committed on August 22,
1904, when Sullivan was a witness for
Christen Klitgaard, an applicant for
citizenship. Sullivan :is ;'a. well-known
character along. the water front, where
he has been known as a runner for
sailor boarding houses and butchers.
On account of his water front connec
tions he was believed to have been a
collector for the Harbor Commissioners,
but United States Secret Service Agent
Riphard H. Taylor: discovered yester
day that such.- was not the fact ' and
that the Harbor Commissioners' collec
tor was \u25a0 -Eusene Sullivan of 1631 Hyde
street, a man of good reputation. • Be
sides these two there are , three other
Eugene '.'Sullivan's in the city directory,
also of good' repute.
.\u25a0\u25a0 - " : \u0084. — -- • '• »• \u25a0 \u0084-' .' :\u25a0: \u25a0
If you will cross-question your wife,
after she has i read the paper, you will
lind that she is a little "hazy" about the
status of the Eastern j war, but that she
has a sharp and clear notion of the
"special sales'.' | that are in progress at
the various stores.
... \u25a0— — \u25a0 \u2666 » '. , .
NEW YORK. : Aug. 2.— The ' reported en
gagement ot Miss Gladys Deacon and James
II.; Hyde , s was given' authoritative detiial to
day by a' member of Miss Deacon's family. \
•'\u25a0 — \u25a0 • -•• "'m »'"\u25a0' ""' '\u0084 ' ' ;.-. " : "v.":
Supreme quality in'printlns'and- engraving.'
Edward Knowles Company. 24' Second »t. ".:•\u25a0
•He of SIS. Van Ness Avenue. Still Lan
•s Kulshes in Jail ln Default
. of Ball. •'
FIVE EUGENE SULLIVAN'S
" BUT ONLY ONE ARRESTED
SUIT DISMISSED. — In the United States
Circuit Court yesterday the cult of diaries
£.' Sudden and Edwin A. Christensen v«. the
Aetna Indemnity Company of HartforJ. Conn.,
was dismissed by •tljml.itlon en motion of
Nathan H. Frank, attorney for pla'ntHT«.
Leaves for the East.
M. Slminoff, the well-known cloak
and suit manufacturer, leaveß to-night
for Xew York, where he goes to replen
ish the stock of his two retail stores,
the Golden Gate and Pacific Cloak and
Suit Houses. The merchandise moved
by these houses during the spring and
summer season has been phenomenal,
and Mr. Siminoff's trip is to insure an
early shipment of advance fall and win
ter-goods. \u25a0
Arthur L. Adams, chief engineer , for
the Contra Costa Water Company, was
cross-examined yesterday before Unit
ed States Commissioner Heacock by
Assistant City Attorney John S. Part
ridge in the case of the Spring Valley
Water Company against tho city and
county of San Francisco.. Mr. Part
ridge produced a report made by Engi
neer Adams in Pasadena in 1300, and
confronted tho witness' with it to break
down the force of his testimony given
on the preoedlng day. The report was
in the matter of threo private water
works combining into a municipal sys
tem, and Mr. Adams at that time said
that the consolidated concern should
pay on tho capital actually Invested in
the plant actually In use, subject to a
depreciation of twenty-five per cent.
Mr. Adams will resume his testimony
at 2 p. m. to-day.
Spring Valley Water Company Case
Resumed After n Lapse for the
Midsummer Vacation.
ENGINEER ADAMS CROSS- !,\
• EXAMINED BY PARTRIDGE
"Where is the eye and ear specialist
who did this job?" his Honor asked
one of the bailiffs, and Patrolman Nick
Bakullch promptly advanced to V the
bench and claimed' the handiwork as
his own. ,
"When I arrested him for disturbing
the peace," said .the" officer, ' "he re
sisted with ail- his strength : and also
called me names that I would not" like
to repeat, as there' are, ladies'. in; court.".
"Well, I think he / has / been , suf
ficiently punished for resisting I you,"
the Judge remarked, "and for the peace
disturbance . I'll sentence \u25a0 him to
morrow." . \u25a0' \u25a0"\u25a0.•. /-.,\u25a0 -'\u0084'\u25a0': \u25a0/ \u25a0\u25a0/;\u25a0\u25a0
Mr. Buchanan said he was a journey
man printer.; \u25a0 : ; ;
With his left eye completely .closed
and his left auricular' organ swollen
and' blood-stained, George; Buchanan
stood- before Judge Conlan • and de
clared that his injuries had been in
flicted Iby 'a; policeman who arrested
him on Pacific street' for "doin' nothin'
at all." : \u25a0 ' ;
Mr. Howard trembled so" violently
that a bailiff held him erect until he
was recaged. '
It was this Inability of his fellows to
extend to him the pity he deserved that
drove Mr. Howard to vagrancy. It was
vagrancy that impelled him to Eteal.
Tho specific charge on which Mr.
Howard was arraigned before Judge
Conlan consisted of petty larceny, - his
plunder being one jar. of strawberry
Jam, and his victims being. Messrs. Till
man & Bendel, wholesale grocers. The
Jam was surreptitiously taken by Mr.
Howard from the complainants' store
on Battery street, and it was well-nigh
consumed — the portion abstracted
which he did not swallow being smear
ed over his unshaven chin and upper
lip — when a policeman "caught, him
with the goods."
"Sweetmeats are excluded" from the
prisoners' fare at the County Jail," said
Judge Conlan, "but to that institution
you are committed for a six months'
stay." , . . . \u25a0 .
he entered man's estate he was twitted
by other men on what they termed his
"sweet tooth." They could understand
liquor or opium enslaving a man, and
could sympathize with the victim of
either habit, but the manacling of a
man's will by candy was beyond their
ken, and they had only ridicule for a
man so controlled. - '
Mrs. Rosa Torturlci, who was in
dicted by the Grand Jury in connection
with the murder of Biaggio Vilardo, by
her husband, Pietro Torturlci, and was
released by Judge Lawlor on her own
recognizance, will be permitted to go
to her friends in Independence, La.
This decision was reached at a confer
ence yesterday ' afternoon between
Judge Lawlor, Chief Dinan and District
Attorney Byington. The woman \u25a0 is
about to become a mother. She was
present with Attorney Spinetti, who
has been looking after her interests.
She will be required to report every
two weeks by letter to Attorney Spi
netti. The police have found no trace
of Torturicl. \u25a0
Mrs. Torturlci • AVIII Leave City.
Jodffe Cook - Refuses to Allow More
Delay find C*m« Is Set for
Monday Next.
• The second trial of Ernest Moore
Chadwlck, alias "Sir** Harry Westwood
Cooper, for sending by telegraph a
false and forged message purporting to
fee from another person on February
23, 1901, will begin on August 7, Judge
Cook positively refusing to grant a
longer continuance.
When the case was called yesterday
"morning Attorney Frank J. Murphy for
the defendant moved that It be dis
missed on the ground that the defend
ant had not been brought to trial with
in the prescribed sixty days.
The Judge said the defendant was
' entitled to a speedy trial and unless
the District Attorney was ready to
proceed he would dismiss the case.
Assistant District Attorney Ashe
."asked a few minutes to consult the
District Attorney and when ho re
turned to court said he would be ready
to -proceed on August 7. The Judge
.thereupon denied the motion to dismiss
fend- set the case for trial on that date,
the defendant objecting.
TTHADWICK'S USUAL DEM-OTD
. FOR SPEEDY TRIAL GRANTED
The officials of the Southern Pacific
Company have been advised Jn an un
official way that the private car, now
being- constructed for United States
Senator W. A. Clark, president of the
Salt Lake road, by the Pullman Com
pany, is almost completed and will be
in' readiness "for its owner on the oc
casion of his next trip to the "West. The
cost of construction of the car amounts
to more than 575.000, and to this sum
the. Senator will probably add many
thousands of dollars for interior deco
rations.
The car is said to be the handsomest
in this country. One of 'similar design
is being 1 built for Senator Thomas
Kearns of Utah, who is a director of
the Salt Lake road, and is now 'a guest
at the St. Francis Hotel with his wife.
Contlj- Coach Is Now Being Finished tn
. \u25a0 the •'iillrniiD Company's Works at
Chicago. .. .
SEXATOR CLARK WILL HAVE
A PALATIAL PRIVATE CAR
. Louis Wilson. 255 Stevenson street,
started in to have a good time last
Sunday night. On Monday morning he
net Joseph Rousse, a cook, seventeen
years of age, and asked Rousse to join
htm.' The.y had several drinks together
and went to Sausalito, where Wilson
made a bet in a poolroom and won
some money. They returned to the city
and had supper. After supper, they
visited several saloons in the "red light
district," and early Tuesday morning
Rousse led Wilson to his home.
When Wilson awoke on Tuesday
jnoming he discovered that $215 ln
goid which be had rolled up in the
sleeve of his undershirt was missing
and he notified the police. Detective
Riordan was detailed on the case and
late that night he met Rousse coming
out of the Chutes and arrested him on
a charge of grand larceny. When
searched he had $45 60 In his pockets.
He admitted taking the gold from Wil
son but said he never counted it to see
bow much there was. He had been
having a good time with the coin and
F-aid .he had spent it all with the ex
ception of what was found upon him.
Yesterday morning Wilson swore to a
complaint before Police Judge Fritz
:charging Rousse with grand larceny.
Ix>nl> Wilmi Vlctiml*ed by Jo»epli
Rao-w, Who la Arrested on Grand
Larceny Chmrjpe.
Michael Regan, with white teeth
gleaming between a scrubby black
mustache and a blue chin, averred that
he tramped from Point Bonita to the
nearest point of steamship communica
tion with San Francisco, the sole ob
ject of his pilgrimage being to pur
chase for himself a bridegroom's sar
torial outfit, he being engaged to lead
to the hymeneal altar the beautiful
daughter of an affluent land-owner. He
had advanced so far as to buy and don
a pair of blue overalls when a police
man arrested him as a vagrant.
"The wedding has announced
for this evening, your Honor," said Mr.
Regan to Judge Fritz, "and If I am not
released at once it will .be Impossible
for me to fulfill my contract.'' ». ,•
When the Judge, who has roamed
the hills and vales of Marin \u25a0"- County
The prosecuting policemen did not
establish a very, strong case against the
girl. They had seen her ln company
with one George Grlggs, who had been
convicted of passing fictitious checks,
and they had seen her several times
when she was unaccompanied -by any
one. That was the substance of their
complaint.
Then the Judge, after deploring the
frequency with which Jury trials are
demanded, took the case in his own
hands and questioned the girl as to her
past life and future plans. Her par
ents, she said, dwell on a farm near
Stockton, and she desired to return to
them and would do so if she were dis
missed.
"I think it is the best thing you can
do," said his Honor, "and I'll give you
opportunity to do It. Certainly your
moral welfare would not be promoted
by sending you to Jail."
So she was dismissed, and the Jurors
shook hands with the Judge and told
him they approved his action.
"I did not Intend to deprive you gen
tlemen- of your prerogative to convict
or acquit," was the response, "but I do
not like to see .men taken away from
their business to sit as jurors in case 3
which can more expeditiously and
with equal justice be disposed of by a
magistrate, who"is*paid for his work.
There was no reason on earth why a
jury should have been demanded in the
c^ise of that girl."
Nineteen-year-old Ida Woods,' ar-
Vested for vagrancy, demanded a Jury
trial, and twelve citizens were accord
ingly impaneled by Judge Fritz to hear
the testimony and decide her guilt or
innocence.
"Did yez ever see de likes of dat?" was
his response, addressed to the Judge.
"W'y any., of dese guys, an' a dozen
mere, can tell you dat she hit me so
hard dat I fought a mule kicked me."
When the court records proved that
Mrs. Seymour was chronically truculent
his Honor's incredulity vanished and he
sentenced her to six months' Imprison
ment. With undisturbed equanimity she
bowed acknowledgment.
"His eyes were so threatening," sweet
ly whispered Mrs. Seymour to the bench,
"that 1 felt sure he was preparing to
strike me. so I involuntarily thrust my
hand forward to protect myself from the
blow." The smile she bestowed upon her
accuser was sadly reproachful.
To the would-be mesmerist's intense
surprise and physical agony, he received
from the lady's fist a blow ln the abdo
men that sent him soaring.
*'I shoved him away," murmured Mrs.
Seymour to the Judge, "because he
stared at roe Impudently."
"Shove nothin'!" exclaimed the assailed
one. "She gave me a ehortarm jolt wld
her right, youh Honor, an' lifted me
free feet ln de air. Me han's wuz dpwn
at de time, an' de smash wuz so onex
pected dat I had no time to block it. It
wuz de dirtiest wallop I ever got in me
life, an' it put me down an* out fer free
minutes."
They had testified in detail that while
several boys were congregated at the
theater entrance whiffing cigarettes and
interchanging conjecture as to what the
third act would develop Mrs, Seymour,
who had also witnessed the triumph of
villainy in the ; first and second acts,
Joined them, and' without being formally
introduced participated in the discussion.
They ignored her for a while, but so per
sistently did she maintain that the fiend
ish persecutor of the heroine would neith
er commit suicide nor be slain by the
hero that one of the youths endeavored
to stay her argument and remove her
presence by "givin" her the glassy eye,"
as one of the witnesses described the
process of staring a person out of coun
tenance.
"But she did, your Honor," chorused
Patrolman Kramer and several other
persons who had corroborated his testi
mony.
at Mrs. Seymour's slight frame and meek
demeanor.
takes ix the sights with
a Youth who steals coix
This brought up the contention which
has not been decided in court, whether a
man is a resident of a precinct when he
is an Inmate of a hospital in that pre
cinct. McQuaid said that upon that ques
tion a large number of patients would
claim a right to vote and that there was
no way to stop them without trial of a
test case ln court, which would be im
possible so late in the campaign.
"I de-pend upon my own judgment In
tlfls thing," said McQuaid. "and will see
that every man registered from this ln
sTTtution votes, notwithstanding your ob
jections. I do not want to be an accom
plice to false registration, but will place
my, judgment against Bylngton's or any
one else. I defy the Grand Jury to flnd
a single charge upon which they can stop
the methods in vogue here."
"What objection have you to us ques
tioning at least one of the inmates of this
hospital?" Harris asked.
"My obstinacy is all and sufficient to
prevent that, and I'll be d If you
meddle around here any more."
"Do you understand that your actions
In this matter make the suspicions of the
Grand Jury look well founded? Perhaps
a witness besides yourself would increase
the value of your testimony," Harris
spoke up.
"Do your worst," wers his last words.
"I don't care what you or the Grand
Jury think of- the way this affair was
conducted, and all that I can say Is, "Go
to it— fight me." »
As a farewell taunt McQuaid asked An
drews if he knew Dick Welch. The jibe
was evidently an attempt of the superin
tendent's to give the Impression that he
thought Andrews was Induced to • make
the hospital Investigation ln the Interests
of Welch. However, he was disappointed.
for the Grand Jury foreman disclaimed
all knowledge of the man referred to.
The relations of the men were strained
when the leavetaking took place by the
parting remark of McQuaid that he knew
the visitors wanted to kick up trouble,
but they could get ho answers from him.
The Grand Jury willmeet at 2 p. m.
to-day and receive the report of Fore
man Andrews. Subpenas will be issued
for some of the inmates of the City
and County Hospital and they will be
questioned as to whether any of the
registration was illegal.
be patients for a time and then go to
work around the grounds.
He threatened to produce evidence, \t
necessary, that certain men were pa
tients if the Grand Jury attempted to
show that their residence was not at the
hospital. »
Ljfuterdt. Fire Department. San Francisco lia
bilities ?231. no assets; Timothy Flynn Fire
Department. San Francisco, liabilities $630 no
assets: Joseph R. Durbln. chimney sweeper
San Francisco, liabilities $2700. assets $26.* v^
After Chiaza had shot himself Mrs.
Naples . ran screaming Into the barber
shop of R. H. Childers at 1430 Howard
street and told him' What had happened.
He went into the dairy and saw Chiaza
unconscious on the floor with a revol
ver in his right hand and blood flowing
from a wound in the neck. Childers
took the revolver out of the dying
man's hand, so Deputy Coroner Meehan
reports, and threw it upon the floor.
."My name is Mrs. Mary Naples and I
reside at 1484 Howard street and I
conduct a milk business. I know
Charles Chiaza for about five months.
I got acquainted with, him at St. He
lena, and he lived ln this city at 1632
Folsom street. I had an old man named
John Kresgi working for me and he
left about- a week ago, and after Kres
gi left Charlie used to help out a little.
This morning he wanted to marry me,
and he often asked me before to do
the same thing, and I kind of encour
aged him and promised to marry him
in about two years. After he asked
me to marry him he went out of the
store and was gone about one hour. I
advised him to go away for a year, as
I did not want to see him about the
place, as the neighbors might talk. He
said, 'I will not go away; I want to
see you every day.' We were in the
back kitchen f s.t the time. We then
went Into the back room next to the
kitchen. He asked me to consider my
answer. I said 'no.' We were then
about six feet apart, and he pulled a
pistol out of his clothes and -fired two
shots at me. but did not strike me.
The bullets went into the wall. He
then turned the pistol on himself in
the neck. He fell down and never
spoke afterward. I never had a pistol
myself in my life and do not know
how to use one. My sister, Mrs. Hed
wig Fisher, was in the back yard and
was the first to arrive on the scene
after the shots were fired."
Charles Chiaza, a young Italian la
borer, frenzied because Mrs. P. F.
Naples had refused to marry him, fired
two shots at her out of a revolver yes
terday, then sent a bullet into his own
neck. He died in the ambulance in
which he was being taken to- the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital. The tragedy
took place in Mrs. Naples' branch dairy
store at 1434 Howard street." at half
past 11 o'clock in the forenoon.
She Is a comely widow of Swiss de
scent and Chiaza was an Italian la
borer, 24 years old. He had been visit
ing her .for a long time, and had im
portuned her to marry him, but she
put him off, suggesting that he should
wait a year, at the end of which time
she would- give him his answer. She
made the following statement of the
affair to D. Matheson and Frederick A.
Smith, policemen who had b««n de
tailed on the case:
Superintendent McQunfd of the City
and County Hospital defied Foreman
Andrews of the Grand Jury and Auist
nnt District Attorney Hurri* yesterday
and refused them permission to exam
ine patients In the hospital. as to tliqlr
alleged illcKnl registration, j McQnald
swore at and threatened the officials,
declaring that he would throw them
out If they attempted to investigate too
thoroughly. He boastfully asserted
tiint he was not to be trilled with and
that there was no cause for an exami
nation. When told that his attitude
toward, the Inquisitors strengthened
their suspicions, he told them to go
ahead and <l« their worst. Xcver be
fore In the history of the Grand Jury
has such determined opposition to in
vestigation been, encountered.
After the inquisitors had listened to
McQuald's trlade on reformers and the
Grand Jury Foreman Andrews told- him
that the* affair was not ended by far
and that, once started, the investiga
tion would keep on until the right of
the patients to vote is determined.
The climax of the meeting was when
McQuaid dared the Grand Jury to find
anything crooked with his methods in
the registration, and then in one of. his
irate moments exclaimed. "Abe Ruef is
my friend and I am proud of it."
Superintendent McQuaid said last
night that he would get a doctor's cer
tificate to show that any Inmates were
patients if the Grand Jury attempts te
subpena them. He said that everything
done yesterday was a bluff to keep the
Investigators busy until the election is
over. He announced that if, the Grand
Jury attempts to enter the hospital to
day he will- have the gates closed upon
them.
He repeatedly told Andrews that the
present Grand Jury is looking for trouble
and could get its "fill" from him. Throw
ing out his chtst he shouted loudjy that
he had been in politics in San Francisco
since a boy and knew every trick and
turn in the game.
McQuaid made, a travesty of the ex
amination by refusing permission to the
Grand Jury foreman to see even one of the
inmates, and he threatened to throw the
investigators out of the building if they
attempted to question a patient. He an
swered such questions as he saw fit and
wandered off the subject to score some
of his many enemies in the political field.
If. McQuaid had had his way there
would have been no stenographer present
to record his vituperations and write out
the various threats which he made
against the "meddling" Grand Jury. He
objected strenuously to the presence of
Mrs. Collins in the room and said that
he would refuse to answer the questions
put to him If they were to be written
down: but later he forgot his objections
and talked freely.
When Foreman Andrews, . Attorney
Harris, Stenographer Mrs. Collins and
the bailiff appeared in the office of Super
intendent McQuaiA L .hey were greeted by
that official with a cold smile. He was
not aware 'that an Investigation was to
be held. Mr. Andrews talked about the
management of the institution for some
time before getting down to business.
The list of the voters connected with the
hospital was produced and points were
talked about in a general way, but when
direct questions were put to McQuaid he
stopped talking.
SHOWS 'HIS TEETH.
"Is it- true that some of these voters
have no right to be registered from this
precinct?" was asked, and the stenog
rapher got her pad and pencil in readi
ness. McQuaid grew perturbed and said
that he would not talk while a stenog
rapher was present. f
"You take my word for it," exclaimed
McQuaid, "there are 14S voters regis
tered from this hospital, but only 102
of them are entitled^ to vote. But they
will vote, and no law will stop them be
cause technically they are in the right.
I have been in this business long enough
to know when registration is being con
ducted properly, and my four years' ex
perience in the Registrar's office gave
me enough knowledge of the law not to
implicate myself In a false registration
case. Ever since the so-called 'dirty gang
of grafters' took possession of the City
Hall the* patients in this hospital have
voted, but since I came into control here
there has been no crooked work on the
premises." • • •
| "There have been accusations that the
! registration from this hospital was not
straisht, and I am here to investigate,"
declared Foreman Andrews, "and we
do not propose to take your or any other
person's word that this work is legal. We
must flnd it officially."
"There is a cleaner hospital adminis
tration now than ever before," said Mc-
Quaid hotly, "and I have been in San
Francisco since my birth and know this
political- game from the ground. I do not
intend that you shall take any other
man's word for the conditions here but
my own, and that will have to suffice. If
you want the names and occupations go
to the Registrar's office and you will find
them, there. I will not permit any liber
ties to be taken in this building by you
and your party, and I will not tolerate
any report that I myself do not furnish."
REGISTRAR STANDS IM.
Foreman Andrews had gone to the Reg
istrar's office before visiting the hospital,
but the occupations of the voters were not
made out for his inspection. When told or
this McQuaid was much aggrieved at the
foreman and became irritated to a great
degree. .
"The inmates of this Institution voted
before' my term as superintendent, but
not since," he said, "and they
will not be permitted to vote il
legally 'while I am in office. But I
would like to' see a great roaring battle
between us, lots- of "gore spread around
and some more of this unpleasant news
paper notoriety. I will win In spite of
you. When the fight starts next Tues
day my sympathy is with the other
crowd (Ruef's), and then you will know
where I have bee,n."
j Andrews asked if the men without the
right- to vote could- be prevented from
voting, and was told that they could not.
"They. : have a_ right according to the
charter, or, I might say, by right of es
tablished custom," explained McQuaid.
"What will happen if the Grand Jury
challenges the vote of every inmate and
employe of thi3 institution?". Attorney
Harris , Interposed. "What will you do
then?" \u25a0 ; ' -.
"We will have a way to overcome that
dTmculty," responded McQuaid.
A careful ; examination .'. of the - list of
names on the hospital register was begun
and McQuaid was questioned by" Attorney
Harris as to : each one's residence '.. and
business ln connection with the hospital.
He was told In many cases that. the men
were ; not \u25a0 onl the payroll, but t received
board and \u25a0 lodging f or ! the services that
they rendered the institution. . In many
cases McQuaid said that • the men , would
Serves Ruef, His Master, by
Thwarting the Probing of
the Registration Crimes
Nobody except himself could appreci
ate the humiliation he had -been.sub
jected to ere he gave up the -fight as
hopeless and relinquished himself to
passive slavery. As a youth he was
jeered at by other,* youths because of
his unmanly love of candy, and when
Frank Howard ascribed his moral
downfall to an irrepressible craving for
sweetmeats. The yearning for saccha
rine substances and liquids' which
wanes with childhood had clung to
him, he declared, and his most strenu
ous efforts to. quench it simply made
It more intense. ' \u25a0
for the fun and health-giving exercise
of tha thinjr. interrogated Sir. Regan as
j to certain geographical and topograph
ical features of the region embracing
1 Point Bonita, the answers wore so re
flective of absolute unacquaintance
] with the country that Mr. Regan was
! sentenced to thirty days' imprison
ment. \ ' •
| "My poor sweetheart will poison her
i self." lie sighed as he was led to the
I cage.
• • •
Joe Lescalzl's team of horses and
\u25a0wagon were slowly proceeding along:
a rail track on Mission street when a
car came up behind and the motorneor
thereof vigorously rang for right of
way.
"I won't leave' this track," shouted
Joe over one of his shoulders, "until
you have heard from my own lips what
I think of you and the darned corpora
tion that employs you."
So from Tenth street to Sixth street,
while his team maintained its snail
pace, Joe vociferously berated the
United Railroads and the bellrlnger
behind him, and only ceased his vitup
eration when a policeman took him
into custody. Judge Fritz pronounced
him guilty of peace disturbance.
• • •
After some heated argument Albert
Bertanl and Theodore Caldron doffed
their coats and vests and resorted to
flgticuffs as a more expeditious means
of settling the disputed question. Their
combat quickly attracted a throng to
Broadway and Taylor street, where It
was waged, and when Mr. Bertanl
scored the first clean knockdown by
visiting his right hand upon the left
jaw of his opponent, the latter called
: to his friends in the crowd to aid him,
whereupon about a dozen stalwarts ad
vanced with threatening mien toward
Mr. Bertani, who discreetly retreated
and Indiscreetly left his coat and vest,
the latter containing his golden watch
and chain, J in the enemy's camp. The
garments disappeared, of course.
"I will continue this case one week,"
said Judge Fritz to Mr. Caldron, "and
it would be well for you to see that
the missing property is restored to its
owner before you reappear here."..
To look at Mrs. Jennie Seymour was to
question the veracity of witnesses
who testified that she displayed acerbity
of temper, herculean strength and pro
nounced fistic science last Tuesday even
ing upon the sidewalk fronting a Market
street home of melodrama. She was
middle-aged, seemingly fragile of phy
sique, and her facial expression was
Madonna-like in its gentleness.
"I can scarcely believe she did It."'re
marked Police Judge Conlan as he gazed
• Janes E. Fitzpatrick, clubman, butcher,
tplner and cracksman, was convicted by
a jury in Jud^e Cook's court yesterday
on the charge of burglary for robbing the
telephone box in the office of Herman
Albert. coaJ dealer, 1765 Waller street, on
October 4. The Jury wm out only a few
xiiinutes. having taken only one ballot.
\u25a0\Vhea the verdict was read the- defendant
looked, bewildered for a minute and sat
staring at the jury, rubbing his forefinger
against his chin. Then he pulled him
self together and talked with his counsel.
The -defendant's young wife sat beside
him while Assistant District Attorney
/.she made the closing argument to the
Jury *nfl the Judge gave his Instructions.
Just as the jury filed out of the court
room to consider the verdict she cried:
"Take me out; take me out." She stood
up and fell Into the arms of her sister in
a dead faint. She was tenderly carried
to the branch office of the County Clerk,
where she was placed on a couch. Dr.
TTllson Mizner chanced to be present and
he attended her. Several women friends
reraairiod beside her, but it was nearly
t.wo hours before she was able to leave
the Hall of Justice.
One of the defendants friends ap
proached Attorney Twamley ln the cor
ridor. He was shaking with passion. It
looked for a minute as if he intended to
strike Twamley. but instead he said: "I
would rather go and shovel dirt on the
Streets than prosecute an innocent man,
as you have done."
Twamley paid no attention to him
and walked away.
Fitzpatrick was ordered to appear for
sentence next Tuesday. As soon as he
left the courtroom he was taken before
Police Judge Conlan for his preliminary
examination on another charge of burg
lary for entering the office of A. Devoto
& Co., 2M7 California street, on June 24, :
and stealing <14* from the safe. At the |
request of his counsel a continuance was ;
ST-anfced till August IL From Judge Con
lan's court he was taken to the County
Jail, and his wife did not see him.
Young Wife Again Faints
in Court and Remains in
\u25a0• Comatose State for Hours
Bullets Miss Their Target,
but He 3lakes Sure That
the Third Goes Straight
SUPERINTENDENT UGLY
JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
VERDICT CONFUSES HIM
FIRES TWICE AT HER
Police Court Record Fails to Agree With
Her Fragile Appearance.
Charles Chiaza, Maddened
by Her Kefusal to Marry
Him, Rashly Slays Himself
Sanies E. Fitzpatrick Con
\u25a0'.'l dieted of Burglary by Jury
r.VAfter Taking: One Ballot
Grand Jury Foreman Ee
fiised Entrance to Hospital
, to Inquire About Frauds
HER BOD YBL O W FELLS YO UTH
CLUBMAN MUST
WEAR STRIPES
TRIES TO KILL
HIS LADY LOVE
McQUAID STALLS
INVESTIGATION
DELICATE-LOOKING
WOMAN HITS HARD
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1905.
MURINE EYE; REMEDY cures; Eyes;
makes Weak Eyes Strong-. Soothes Eye
Pain. - Doesn't Smart *v •%'":,:' .•
16
I. NEWMAN, President and Manager.
3J> STOCKTON* ST.. XEAR MARKET.
TELEI'UO.\E MAIN 5522. I
Our Weekly SaJtts are becoming more and
mor-j popular. Why? Ccme ar.4 sea for
yourself. . . .
Thursday, Friday and
Saturday Specials
Creamery Batter. 1%-lb. «qaare..3Bc
'2-1 b. sqnare 50c
Carefully selected; first clas3.
Fresh Ranch Eggs, per dozen. . 33 'ic
Th« very best.
Kona Coffee, per lb '. . ,2Oc
Reg, 25c. Tho kind that has made many
friends for • us. -\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0•
Ghtrardeni's ' and Lowney'a Cocoa*
per tin 20c
Regr. 23c.
Coxa Gelatine, pks. 10c: dozen.. slUO
lltg. IZ&c and *1.40.
Pink; Beans. 7 lbs 250
\u25a0Rtf. 6 for 23c. ! Clean, selected stock.
California Cream Cheese, 1b..,..13e
Regr. 20c.
JV ub la co Wafers, per tin. ......... .23a
Reg. SOc. All flavors. >
l.os Cabin Mnpl« Syrup— 1
Pt3. Qt3. % Qzjl
Special 20c. 35c. 650^
Reg. 25c. 40c. 730. Tns genuins article.
Colsate'i* Toilet Soap, per box. . . .80a
Reg. 35c. Oatmeal, Glycerine aad Honey.
White Paper rVnpkinn, per 100. . . .10c
Reg. 15c. Made In Japan.
Striker's Sana Soap. 15 cake*.... SOc
Reg. 12 for 60c.
llellrrood Bourbon, bot. 75ci ca1.f13.00
Reg. $1 and $4.
Aator Rye. hot. 90c| 5a1 ....... . 9-i.OO
Reg. *1 25 and *3. Tnesa Whiskies are
pure and well. aged.
Burgundr Wine, per grallon «0e
Reg. 73c. Old vintage.
French nnd Italian Vermonth.bot.soc
Reg. 60c.
C. A C. Ginger Ale, per dozen. . .*1.50
Reg. $1.65.
City and Country Orders 3o!!clted. Jkll
orders promptly and carefully filled.
jfik Perfect Fitting /fe? X
I H EYE n
IV GLASSES H*\
•*3 vpb.ju - v
I " ' I Broken Lenses r«- 1^
\O-'\ 0 -' placed SOc
Uricsoi v
Rheumatic
Specific
Kidney and Liver Stimulant. The
most successful remedy before the
public. Does not injure the stom-
ach. Drop postal for Fre- Booklet
on Treatment and Diet for Rheu-
matism to URICSOL CHEMICvL
CO.. 23d and Grand Aye., Los An-
geles, Cal. .
For Sale by All Druggists.
PILES! PILES!
MAC'S IXKAI.I.IBLE PIU3 CLKE
CURES ALL CASES OF BLIND.
BLEEDIXG. ITCHIXG AND PROTRUD-
ING PILES; cases of many years" stand-
ing cured by a single box: price. 50
cents. A. McBOYLE & CO. DKUQCISTb'.
504 Washington St.;- San Francisco.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO,.
533 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON. C
Fbonographs at Low Pficas— Easi Pioants
QL?(\(\ BUY S A NEW
$»vU MODERN
fW One that will give jR
*Z good, faithful ser- /«
*0 ** vice. It is artisti- /[ &
fi cally cased and has r^
/X* every modern im- T I
\jy provement;ij V
backed by our word '£%
&y that it is just what '->*•*
.. 9 we claim it to be »q a
" •_/ / s —the best piano in J x •
\ v the marketfor the *ft
4 pri " _ ?,*
Easy Terms cj \
:J?.* of Course vVI
* v Pianos Rented (L
° $3 Per Month
, mcimiAttson
|6.oTarr€llst,sX
*
Heaa a big skirt demonstration at Hale's to-day.
Because there are more skirts; variety is greater; styles are
prettier, more original; materials are better; workmanship
more perfect.
But you will see why it's to your ad-
/&Fmk vantage to buy skirts to-day more clearly j
ii!ip^li when you see^ the values in the store.;
• - rci^Rlr ne °* t^ ie s ki rts pictured at $2.95. \u25a0
/^Hlivi'iA 'At Q9 n; Mohair *+ £ A -. - A sood]
f£Mi->|]i . *>^.VS s k i r t . At 5)0.75 a ! pa o a
4PQ*ifc : i '-'.•'V r . :-X'\ 1° blue and black. _\u0084 f ,_ _. Hll>£ ,
Te*%F9liyl~.-; H::.;|4 with plain panel front. sklrt ' ln white - sreen^
/•'{\u25a0•/'•* i'l \u25a0'**'• li\ side pleats, trimmed B.nd brown, made Mrith
/• f Ji:'- : - •! '-'"4vl Wlth buttons; len S ths full length box pleats.
/\u25a0•y/vP^h'-W. " A ; iVVn Skirt of stitched to form a
/#N^m At i5 ' t -° ?lnVr£f yoke.
£ < tfj' : ii I -'''i^W doth, in black, blue *+ '£-7 O^ Skirt of
A--*.?""-"' : *1 : \u25a0»'-"\u25a0- VAir\ a ? brown; some *"»•- •!''.>'- granite
fc-rV#:'4;-~fci- . y-V-tJ'A Pleats run full length cloth, ln brown and
friV&V- \u25a0":- I Jsfr'-\vA:i:\!v:a S z the skirt, others blue, side plea ted from
V'.'tt : T"' \u25a0j|PP'lsi l i»S«'vC*" from the knees down; the knees down. Up-
iZ~^:££zWy&£*-WJft2. trimmed with straps per part of the skirt is
Vi- ': - : feflr- '.'iiii»' °t the same material trimmed with .bias
" i ** l "^^^**'" ' and buttons to match. folds on the sides.
Blankets 49c c ' " °
First item in an August oppor-
tunity to get better blankets, to r*j * *.» -
pay lower prices, at Hales. MIOUUBY
Cotton blankets, in white or gray,
size 46x75, for single beds, 49cj % . -'. '\u25a0;"-.
bed size, white or gray, 75c, 56x74. AUGUST 7th
Blankets, 95c pair: " . . ~ r<
Double bed size, 70xS2, white or
Blankets, $2.25 pair: .
Cotton and wool mixed, white, % l\Q\V IOW prices in QVeXY
bed size, size 53x72; size 64x76, * J
$2.75; size 72x82, jxoo pair. denqrtmpnr
Wool Blankets, $4.95: department. •
All wool, white, double bed, size
70x80. Better California wool
blankets, 80.00 and $7.50 pair. And
gray wool blankets from $2.50 to Ti n
)M.OO Pair. 7 ~ O
- x XI , A Morse 75c
OC 1 a DietS That stands 17 inches high. It's
5c composition books, on a 15-inch platform with
5c cash books, journals and wheels, is fully harnessed, with
ledgers with cardboard covers, plush saddle and stirrups.
Will Start economy seekers Flnd ll on th ® third floor and brinjr
thinking of Hale's for stationery ffil. l^^!,! bor tO plck " ouc
to-day. And here .
Plain Vifltlns Card* at 10c package. /d»JL JB7 \&sT
rhotomallers, 214 C , Sv, 5c and •\ic W/ .^ES&^^j*
ioo Paper Napkins, ioc:
Plain, the very thing you want for "' \u25a0 \u25a0 ""'"^
picnic use, ioo of them, ioc. Market St., Near Sixth. S. P.