The Call£mts More IN ews Than Any Other Pa.per Puhhshed in San Francisco
Fore|gjJ f#r October 24. }%s^' <
T^an Francisco "TUt \i^Ti\j^'aS" ;j
District Fore .**».£..
VOLUME XCVIII—NO. 14fi.
DE WITTE
NOW CZAR'S
VICEREGENT
Nicholas Appoints
Him Premier of
Russia.
Places in Count's Hands
Direction of the Em
pire's Affairs.
Empress at Last Receives Os-
tracized Jewish Wife of
the Statesman.
f-T. PETERSBURG, Oct. 24, 3i46 a.
m. — It mb» persistently reported In the
«-lubs and In Governmental circles late
\u25a0t night- that the Emepror yeoterday
had appointed Count IVltte Premier,
viiih the portfolio of Minister of Fi
nance. All the paper* this m.irnfnc;
give prominence to the report.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 23.— Count de
Witte. It now~seems, has definitely come
Into imperial favor, and the shrewdest ob
servers consider it certain that he will
shortly be in active direction of the gov
ernment as Premier and head of a re
sponsible Cabinet position. Since his re
turn from the United States, Count de
Witte has ranged himself on the side of
the Liberals and has not only advocated
compkte liberty of speech, of # the press
and of assembly as a corollary of the
coming Douma. but has urged the exten
sion of the powers of the Douma along
the lines demanded by the reformers, as
well as a broader franchise, so as to ad
mit of fuller representation from the
ranks of labor and the cultured classes.
The Emperor, to whom the Count per
sonally outlined his views, displayed much
sympathy with them, and it is learned
favored a number "of Ministers suggest
ed by thaCcrunt, including- General Trep
oft. Assistant -Minisur of the Interior,
who now ranks as one of the most broad
minded of his Majesty's counselors and
who ig understood to be working har
moniously with Count de Witte.
The question of appointing a Cabinet
with a responsible Premier, to which a
faction in the Ministerial ranks has been
offering stubborn opposition in special
conferneces, is likely to be decided next
Wednesday.
The reception of Countess de Witte by
the Empress to-day is considered a
singular evidence of the Emperor's de
termination to confide his fortunes to the
hands of Count de Witte. No other in
terpretation is placed upon it in court cir
cles, where the reception of the Countess
created a tremendous sensation. Tht
Countess Is a Jewess of ordinary birth,
and had never been received at court.
When M. de Witte was appointed Minis
ter In the nineties, the Emperor was re
ported to have said to him: .
"Remember, you are not married."
The fixing of his wife's social status,
which has been one of Count de Witte's
ambitions, must ran«i as one of the tri
umphs of his life.
The decrease of the influence of the
Grand Dukes perhaps made It easier for
his Majesty to turn to Count de Witte.
The resignation of Grand Duke Vladimir,
the Emperor's uncle, as Commander-in
chief of the military district of St. Pe
tersburg, however, has not yet been ac
cepted. In tendering his resignation the
Grand Duke wrote to the Emperor sub
stantially as follows:
"I have served your grandfather, your
father and yourself; but now that your
Majesty has disgraced my son, I no
longer have the heart to 6erve you."
The Emperor is said to favor even de
prix-ing Grand Duke Cyril of the title of
Grand Dukf. saying that he should be
known simply as "Monsieur Romanoff."
AGED FARMER
HAS NO FEAR
OF THE KNIFE
Lets Doctors Cut Off
Arm Without Use
of Anesthetics.
WOODLAND. Oct. 23.— T. F. Langen
our. about 75 years of age and an old
resident of this county, lost his left
hand in a pumping machine to-day. The
machine was not working right and he
climbed on top to adjust the bearings.
His foot slipped and his hand was
thrown into the cogs of the driving
gear. His hand was torn Into shreds
from the tip of his fingers to above the
wrist. A farm hand was near and.
hearing a scream rushed to the spot
and rescued him. After a consultation
his physicians resolved to amputate the
arm. Mr. Laugeriour " endured this
without Lakins an anesthetic.
Novelist G^orjse 3I«?r«-dlth Injured.
LONDON. Oct. 23. — George Meredith,
. the novelist, while leaving his rcsi
** dence at Box Hill, Surrey, for a walk
to-.day, slipped, fell and broke one of
the" bones of his left leg. The accident
•Is causing concern to his friends owing
to bis advanced age.
The San Francisco Call.
BUILDING
AIRSHIP 400
FEET LONG
Count Zeppelin to
Sail Colossal
Courser.
Framework of Balloon's
Interior Is of
Aluminum.
Inventor Will Not Be Ready
to Make Ascent Before
Next Year.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1905. by the New York
Herald Publishing- Company.
PRIEDRICHSHOFEN, Lake of Con
stance, Oct. 23.— With tenacity of purpose
and dogged perseverance, Count Zeppelin
Is working in quiet retirement in an en
deavor to solve the aerial problem. I
found the Count at the romantic Insel
Hotel. Count Zeppelin said:
"No, I do not intend divulging any of
my secrets at present. You have no idea
how I am worried day by day to give
information, by various people, but I do
not see how any one's,lnterests, especially
my own, would be served thereby, so I
intend remaining silent. I do not think
my air*l..p is going to make an ascent
this year, as the weather is so bad and
the atmosph-tric conditions prevailing
over the lake are so variable at this
time of year. I believe the matter will
have to be postponed until spring. In ad
dition I have had some trouble with the
cylinders of my motor.
"The old motors gave only twenty-four
horsepower, but the new ones can develop
twenty-eight horsepower. The weight o£
the motors themselves is not much more
than that of \u25a0 the old motors, but" the"ex
tra benzine required to work' the;new mo
tors adds considerably, to the. weight of
the -whole concern; therefore, only a' por
tion .ot the extra, power developed can be
regarded as clear gain.
"The future of the balloon will be won
derful. I shall not live to see the time
when airships three or four times the
size of the present ones will sail through
the air, but the larger the airship the
better It can control and navigate cur
rents."
I wended my way toward the little ham
let. Landzell, where I ascertained the fol
lowing particulars: The cost of the struc
ture in which the balloon is housed ex
ceeded 200,000 marks ($50,000); the balloon
Itself, I am informed, is a huge, cigarlike
structure, cylindrical in shape and conical
at both ends. The approximate measure
ments are: Length, 400 feet; diameter, 40
feet ;.--•,\u25a0
It looks like a single balloon, but it
is divided into seventeen to twenty gas
tight compartments, like the water-tight
compartments aboard a steamship. The
interior is a massive frame work of alum
inum. All sections are covered with a
tough, light network of ramie. The ex
terior of the airship is made of pegamoid,
which protects it from both sun and rain.
Hydrogen is to be used for filling the
air vessel, each filling. It Is stated, cost-
Ing about 10.000 marks ($2500) and' occupy
ing more than five hours.
COMPELS HIS
GIRL WIFE TO
LEAP INTO SEA
Awful TaJe Is Told by
a Young Seattle
Woman. \
SEATTLE, Oct. 23.— Forced to leap
frona a boat by her drunken husband
and his five companions into the icy
waters of Puget Sound, then to swim
to a barren shore and wander for two
days and nights in the woods without
shelter. Is the story told to-night by
i<j-year-old Mabel Tate, the wife of
Frank Tate, a Seattle saloonkeeper, as
she reported the drowning of the six
men within sight »of the lights of Ta
coma on Tuesday morning last. Fri
day the giri, famished and weakened
by her experience, staggered into the
home, of Nelson liutts at Harper sta
l.on, where she relapsed into conscious
ness. -To-day she was able to come to
Seattle. ;
On Monday afternoon last, Tate. she
says, sold out his saloon. Taking his
.money, about $4000, he started for Ta
coma in a small sloop with five Italian
friends, whose names she does . not
know. . The * money Tate placed in a
box in the bottom of the craft. Aboard
was a quantity of liquor. The drunken
men threatened Mrs. Tate and on com
mand of her husband she leaped into
tiie water when the; boat was a "quar
ter of mile from shore. " .
When she was not- more thana hun
dred yards from. the craft, she saysshe
heard Screams and turning her , head,
saw the boat upset and the men strug
gling in: the water. An upturned boat,
answering • the description -of Ithc one
named Iby Mrs. . Tate, was found in
Hoods Canal Wednesday./ "
DENY BANK
PEMISSION
TO REOPEN
Commissioners Add
More Charges
Instead.
Violation of State Laws
Is Alleged Against
the Officials. .
Stockholders Hold a Meeting
and Reorganize in Hope
of Resuming.
The Bank Commissioners declined yes
terday to rescind their action in begin
ning proceedings against the United Bank
and Trust Company, looking toward the
involuntary liquidation of the affairs of
the institution. In a. communication ad
dressed to the stockholders and de
positors, which was prepared 1 by the ad
vice of Deputy Attorney General Sturte
vant, the capital stock of the bank, the
Commissioners declared, was found to be
Impaired to the extent of $17,975 77, which
figure had increased since June 7, 1905.
It was also set forth in the communica
tion that dividends have been paid out
of the capital stock of the corporation;
that moneys of the bank have been il
legally misappropriated; that the books
of the bank show a shortage of $6000 in
bills receivable and .the whereabouts or
status of such bills, was not accounted
for: that the corporation had advertised
that the capital stock paid in was
$212,875, which sum is almost double what
actually has been paid in, and that this
was in violation of the Penal Code; that
the same false statement has repeatedly
been made to the Bank Commissioners by
officers of .the bank;; that in the opinion
.q£ the.. Commissioners the value^of -the
a66e 4f of * he • ba nk' IS \ far less* 1 than Jthe"
face value" of such assets,* and • that the
Impairment of the "capital "stock of the.
bank is. greater than -has been reported.
A Ion?- conference took place yesterday
fotenqon in the rooms of the Bank Com
missioners, at which certain offers were
made by the president, attorneys and in
dividual members of . the committee of
stockholders and deuositors of the bank,
in the hope that the Commissioners would
rescind their action of last week and let
the tank resume. These propositions
were summed up |in , the communication
from the Commissioners as. follows:
OFFERS ARE SUBMITTED.
. "First. That you had the written con
sent of depositors representing fifty odd
thousand dollars to the effect. that~such
deposits might' remain in the bank a rea
sonable length of time. It was further
represented that such agreement was
subject to the understanding that checks
drawn on and prior to Saturday, the twen
ty-first day of October, 'should be ex
cepted from such agreement and should
pay on presentation. It appears that
the deposits so represented amount to
[about fifty (50) per cent of the total de
posits of said bank.
"Second. You further represented that
you had been able to see one hundred
and sixty (160) ' of the four hun
dred and fifty (450) stockholders
in the corporation and that ; the
stockholders seen and interviewed by
you expressed their; willingness to either
take up their promissory notes, or to
surrender the: stock that was Issued in
consideration of- promissory notes and
allow such stock to; be canceled. " ;
"Third. You further represented to
this board that you corporation was will-
Ing to discontinue the branch banks here
tofore started and now, being maintained
by the United Bank and Trust Com
pany." " .
Coupled with this statement was a
declaration by the board that the Com
missioners had made frequent mention to
the reorcFentatives of the United Bank
and Trust Company of certain objection
able features. These were enumerated
I in detail as follows: ;
SAY LAWS WERE VIOLATED.
; "That it appears from the books of the
United Bank ;, and ;, Trust Company that
there is a "shortage ln'excess of six thou
sand (6000) dollars In the. bills receivable
and as to the whereabouts or status of
such bills so unaccounted for, the Com
missioners" have information that such
discrepancy has continued to; appear on
the books of the company in' a consid
erable sum, ever since prior to June 7,
IMS.'. . .\u25a0\u25a0/" v . \u25a0 '-\u25a0 v . . ,:.\ .
"Q'hat in violation , of the law, pYomis
sory notes have been taken in part pay
ment of stock subscriptions. •
"That mopeys of the bank havevbeen
illegally misappropriated. "
"That dividends have been paid out of
the capital stock, of- the corporation
stead of the net profits in violation of
Subdivision 1 of Sec; 660 of the Penal
Code. •'; '-"-""'^'• : "- ."-."' \u25a0'
"That the corporation has advertised as
the amount of the paid in capital stock,
$212,875, which Is a sum. almost double the
amount that has In fact been paid in; on
such capital I stock in violation', of the
terms of Section 564 of the Penal Code and
also t in violation of ithe terms of an act
to amend'an act entitled /An act to pro
tect stockholders and persons dealing with
corporations in , this , State, / approved
March \u25a0 29, 1878, and ; all acts amendatory
thereof," and to repeal all laws in con
flict therewith,'.; approved March 22,
"That in violation of ? the :» terms of an
act entitled; 'An act creating a Board of
Bank? ; Commissioners ;^ and «< v prescribing
their; duties and" powers,' approved' March
24, 1903,^ the isame ,\u25a0 false | statement |asl to
the amount lof ,|the /capital * stock \pa id ' in
was? rep'eatcdly,' made j to*. thi3 board.
• \u25a0 ''That the, capitfcl stock at/ the present
time Is impaired In the "sum \of $17,975 77,
and such Impairment /has?. continued to
increase sinee /June', 7,*1905,- although said
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1905.
HARRIMAN ADVISES A COMMERCIAL
ALLIANCE WITH THE JAPANESE.
RAILROAD MAGNATE RETURNS FROM FAR EAST
President E. H. Harriman of the Southern Pacific, who arrived here yesterday* says he learned
much during his visit to the Far liast to guide him in bis future business relations with the Orient.
He believes Japan [to^ be ythe. v dominant "factor in the Orient, and says if the United States is to
participate in the future development of trans- Pacific trade it will have to be by co-operation
between its statesmen and* its business men and by close commercial alliance with the Japanese.
Says His Visit
Has TaugHt
HimMueh. -
REFUSES TO
SELL LINERS
Declines Offer
ofToyoKisen
Kaistia.
President E. H. Harriman arrived
yesterday from the \u25a0 Orient on the
steamship Siberia. He and his family
and Miss Roosevelt and party did not
land in the city, but were taken di
rect from the Siberia to Oakland Mole,
where they started at once for. New
York.
Mr. Harriman was accompanied by
Mrs. Harriman, his daughters. Misses
Cornelia, Mary and Carol, and his
young son, Roland. When the quaran
tine officers had finished \ their inspec
tion of the vessel thetug. Golden Gate
ran alongside with a number of of
ficials of the Harriman lines who had
come \u25a0 dut to) meet their; chief. : (; Among
them /were Julius Kruttschnltt 4 and-, J. i
C.-atiibbs. 7. :*jtcV>.Yr^'Z^'^^^f^f- '\u25a0 ' '-"\u25a0 '
'\u25a0'. :-airvHaf riman arid'his'f amity* were'in
the : best of health and- all had enjoyed
the > trip thoroughly.; • "
: The railroad magnate .handed the foX
lowing statement to the representa
tives of^the press who met himonithe
steamer: - '\u25a0 •
"I was interviewed when last in San
Francisco and; either misquoted or mis
understood, and' ; therefore request that
you will publish this statement in the
exact; language in which I; give it.
"Our-vlsltito the. Orient has been one
not only of much pleasureto us all/ but
interesting and Instructive. .We were
treated by all classes, especially* in
Japan, with the utmost courtesy and
consideration. While our visit. • was
solely, for rest" and recreation. 'we were
enabled to learn many,-', things which
will help in. our future relations. These
considerations were extended to us
from all' sides;-- and mainly because we
were Americans representing American
interests.; _The. Government and the
Bank "of Japan especially grave us op
portunities for seeing and learning
much, which we could not have done
otherwise.. We vislted'many of the im
portant points in Japan, : went thence
to Dalny: and Port Arthur, had a few
days in Peking and returned to Japan
via Korea. - ,
"Japan is working out her own des
tiny.'; * Her. people are- intelligent and
active, the Government is .well organ
ized and ;alive , to the interests and
working in close alliance "with the peo
ple, and will continue developing the
commercial welfare of the whole coun
try .'\u25a0';' - \u25a0 \u25a0;\u25a0- ; , - ;
"China is beginning to wake up and
will probably open .herself, which
awakening has been brought about by
the development of railroads construct
ed during the last six or seven years.
Were it possible for that country •to
organize' and the people to work to
gether,, as • has been the case In Japan,
the future development might.be quick
i and; : phenomenal. She -vis, however,
learning \ from Japan, and , it is said
' that there are In the, schools and uni
versities in Japan upwardof five thou
sand Chinese students, Jtwo thousand of
whom are sent sind expenses paid by
the Chinese; Government.
""Korea a" problem and her
destiny will probably ; be .worked out >by
the aid of Japan. My opinion is; that
the/Japanese are the dominant factor
in the Orient andtnat there will be a
large future development, though not
immediate, and' if 'the United StatesMs
to participate therein to any extent/it
will; have to be by , co-operation be-^
tween Its statesmen and: those reprer
senting. J itst business interests and by
close commercial alliance with " tha
Japanese." /
IS IN A HURRY.
Mr. Harriman is In a hurry to get
to New- York, and the special train
which he is golrigjEasj; will speed along
at a fast rate, although no attempt
will be made to. break any records.; I
It was 1 o'clock when the quarantine
'officers I finished their, 'lnspection. . Soon
after.- that the Haxrlmans ; and- Misi
Roosevelt and 'party /were taken -on
board the . tug Arabs, which ' proceeded
direct /to • Oakland Mole.' Here they
found awaiting them one of the most
magnificent / trains 1 /; that has ./' ever
crossed the continent. It pulled /out
from the Mole at 3:22 o'clock, and will
run direct to . New York. '\u25a0\u25a0 . . - :
On the train; were'Mr.jHarriman and
family/ and" their /six servants,' Dr. W.
G.l L.yle, Miss Roosevelt;'; Miss McMillan,
Miss .'M.ißoardman,"? Congressman f Long
worthand a .number ofj prominent* rail
road officials/of the. HaVrlman (lines. I
JAPANESE WANT i LINERS.
WhileJin Japan 1 the management lof
the Toyo • Kisen Kalsha" trieds to ; induce
Mr.Uarriman/to/seir to \u25a0thei; Japanese'
Steamship Company /the. liners * Siberia;-
Korea, Mariqhurla 1 and^ Mongolia, v He
.was Invited to^name " his [ own ' prlce..^ He'
decllnedUo "consider ',the/' off er, 'explain-
E. X HARRIMAN, PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC SYSTEM. "WHO RETURNED YESTERDAY FROM THE ORIENT
AND DEPARTED- AT OXCE ON A ! SPECIAL. TRAIN FORNEW YORK. HE GREATLY SURPRISED THE PHOTOGRAPH
ERS BY VOLUNTARILY POSING FOR, PICTURES. . * . \u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0_•\u25a0
ing thatalthough it had attractions for ,
him;as/a buslness;man,as :i patriotic j
American ' he | preferred'; to [ see j the, four j
big; liners'; flying/, the Stars and Stripes; |
"•General; Manager !
R; P/i Sdhwerlnf explained yesterday j
that "the. ,Toyo IKlsen /Kalsha/ could
operate =. these -liners V more , profitably;
than the Pacific Mail" could. .The" s6oo,-;
000 annual 'subsidy .which the, Japanese
line > would A draw,>f rom / the '-; Japanese
Government-ifthey^could; put : the: four
ships -:underi the /Japanese •' flag ; would
represent,"' says ? Schwerin," clear « profit,'
and in /addition ,i the?; Japanese
probably, could 'operate jthe" ships at less
" —-— ; iHiL 1W :ATER3.
34>«^rD9H father."
TENTR-W^- ••The t rl Engineer.™
gryyjArk-^-^onJ .ioor»."
MAJESTIC— "Tha County Fair."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TI VOLJ— Grand ! Opera.
expense , than"' Is now incurred In' run- j 1
ning^theni. :. .; * ?v? v . " , •." j
; "American-, ships are too scarce now."'
-he continued "and there is no danger of {
the Pacific Mail Company, doing anything (
to reduce . the strength of the American
merchant marine.".; - - •.-• i .^;
«Schwerln's«<only comment on the" loss
'of: the St., Paul, which: was wrecked dur
ing/his absence/ mi the Orient, was "She j
;.was Ta.' fine ' ship. .It's a pity, to; see. any j
/American /ship -lost. The countr>* needs
'them';' all.';
». Schwerln; declares that the anti-Ameri
can'boycott Jin China Is still a very real
danger.:;// " ':\u25a0/\u25a0"' J ...' ; /-. :' '-\u25a0'
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
• "It It smoldering now. but the tooner
America realizes that . the fire has not
by any means been extinguished the bet
ter. This Is the first and only time, that
the people of China were ever as.-ons'bn
a single Issue. The feeling la fntense. Jha
movement popular. The Chinese Govern
ment, able for the present to hold 7 ". th*
boycott In check, would he helpleSs tn
control it unless the people are 'satisfied
by this Government i that the privllegci
classes of Chinese travelers will *b<i
treated at' our ports with the samo^cou*
tesy extended to other foreigners. / And
Continued ©a Pa** 2. CobUBS &2
DEFICIT OVER
SIXTY MILLION
Exj>enditiires of Government
for the Past Two Years
in Excess of the Beeeipts
BKPORT OF TBEASUKER
Coinage of Silver Dollars
Stopped Owing to Exhaus
tion of Bullion on Hand
WASHINGTON. Oct. M.— The Treasur
er of the United States in his annual re
port for tbe fiscal year 1905 says:
There i« an increased demxnd for more papei
currency or the denominations of $10 and un
der, owing to the expan»ion and development
at the business iiueresu of the country. T&«
treasury has partially supplied the needs i»
redlining ano retiring notes of the largei
denomination* ar 2 !t*u!ng- notes for emali«i
CT. rr.'T&'.'-.tr.* In substitution therefor.
The limit has practically been reached in
nrnkirj changes in denominations through tne
j rocees of redemption ar.d reJsKue. Ttie presen
v.»;ion cf laige loans for redemption probably
"\u25a0HI be too e1o«" to meet the demand for smail
biil». During the year there was $037,540,000
cf fr.itetf Sta»f paper currency issued ani
tei'.'-:.''26 redeemed.
For the i<an two ytais the expenditures cf
the Government have br'en In excees of th<
revenues to tfc« aggregate amount of more than
ttt*.f«iO,on>>. This, however, included the ex
tTacrdtnary expenditure :n 190* o.' $50,100,00}
on account cf the Panama canal. This i»
the flrct yesr tn the i a--t six. years when the
ordinary expenditures were In excess of tti«
revenue*, and th* amount was $23.0<>t,U2S.
The »v»!liMf cssh balance en June 30 last
vf $1*5,4"T»431. largely the accumulation or
Torr.-.er years, is deemed adequate to meet th* •
«3erv.&B(!» upon the treasury' for sonr.e time t»
tome.
The continued increase In our monetary
stock and circulation is or.c that engages the
thoughtful atttntlon of financiers and also
«x<-it«-s a inn r.ride among our people as an
evidence of the remarkable grotcth In the re
sources cf the country- The total stock ot
money on June SO l&OS was 5X653.109.504,
cf which was' heid in the tZCUOr* !
«s assets or the Government and 5?,575.582.t5:5
was in circulation, making a per capita of
There is a continued increase in thy pro
portion of gold and national bank notes ia
rlmi'.ation. while there is a steady deolin*
in the proportion of silver, sliver certificate*
•nd treasury notes. There are 5752 national
bar.ke that have l*on<!s on deposit to sec Mit
bank circulation and 670 to secure public
money.
Referrinr f> the movement of the crops.
the report says that since January, 1900,
this movement has averaged about $27.
©OO.OOO annually and in this connection ac
tion by CongTess to enlarge' the volume
of rmall notes is recommended.
The coinage of silver dollars was dis
continued during the year owing to the
•"xhaustkm of .«:lver bullion available.
The etock of this coin in the country on
June 30 last was $355,515.K65. exclusive of
*9,413,0(» of such coin held in the Treasury"
against outstanding treasury notes. The
amount of silver dollars in circulation on
June 30, 1905. was $73,584,335, as agrainsl
571.513.526 twelve months before. It is es^
timated that the maximum circulation of
eJlvw dollars has been reached. The total
number of these dollars received annually
at the Treasury offices is about $50,000,- J
000. and of this amount, for the coming
years it is estimated that more than $800,-
O>3 annually will be in worn coin unfit
for circulation.
The total gold in the Treasury on June
SO. IPOS, amounted to $706,592,399 and by
October 15. 1905, it had attained a maxi
mum of J748.425.523. No other Govern
ment has ever held so much of the
precious metal.
It is suggested that provision should
hr mad* that will enlarge the- facilities
to all holders to exchange wornout for
new currency and in furtherance of this
object section 3332 of the Revised Statutes
may be amended to permit holders of de
faced and mutilated United States cur
rency to forward the same by registered
mail, without charge, to the Treasury of I
the United States for redemption. j
POLICE FIRE
UPON RIOTERS
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Oct. 23.— A
meeting yesterday, called to petition
the Government to abolish the Import
tax on Argentina cattle, degenerated
Into a serious riot, owing to the ab
sence of the troops, who are now en
pa g-ed in maneuvers two days' march
from the capital. The police, who were
unable to maintain order, charged the
crowd, killing ten persons and wound
ing hundreds. The rioters destroyed
street cars and smashed electric lights.
At S o'clock yesterday, rioting was at
its height, and the fire department was
called out to restore order. The man
sion of Senator Urbementa Errazuriz
was attacked by a mob.
The rioting was continued to-day
and many persons were killed or
wounded.
The troops are expected to reach here
to-night. The department has been de
clared In a state of siege.
At; 6 o'clock to-night the streets were
comparatively tranquil. but great
alarm prevailed.
Klefat Against Pear Bllsthl.
REDDING. Oct. 23. — Professors
Waite and Smith of the University of
California, who were here Wednesday,
•will start a thorough campaign against
the pear blight in Northern California.
Orchardists are much worried, as great
damage will result unless the pest Is
checked.
V^/rM^^^K TUTTPIT TO A "DTTTTD /Jl
Jf^jt&Jkif' cillcdExtra Pale, brewed in Cincinnati, Ohio. \/<p
¥/%>O*liii^ byToe Christian Mocrlcin Brewing Company. Vfew
w y jjlX^dffl \ '^ Q^ i* " best beer brewed anywnere. \\[
I \Wii* \ C sccrct °* " s Po"^*P 0 "^* avof ' an(^ ""1- i|§\
IWf i { v - \ * CaCC ** * k cvcra 8 c and as a tonic comes from
If fl^^^T^^A t^ l£ maSter brewing of tbe incst hops, •^a]
\\m&^^F& P cr * cct malt from perfect barley, pure y^j'o
fTYf&M Connoisseurs prefer. Moerlein's Extra Pale above yfdgi
I \lm *11 other brews because of its purity and the pecu- f^^
jftt lizxly delightful sparkling flavor. f */ss\
/If It is the beer of beers — Mocrlein's. " M^Si/
f THE CHRISTIAN MOERLEIN BREWING CO. j\
IJfp CINCINNATI. OHIO kj^wt
, Jg> SPOHN-PATRICK' COMPANY (lacoriwwtcdJP^fcC^tA^t* I -^^1
lft-I^-20-a Front St.; Sao Francisco, Caj.
HARRIMAN BACK
FROM VISIT TO
THE FAR EAST
Continned from Page 1, Column 7.
it will take more tfran promises to satisfy
tbe people of China. Something must be
done, and soon, for it will take very lit
tle breeze to fan the smoldering embers
into a blaze in which America's h&pes of
trade with trade will be very thoroughly
cremated."
Mr. Schw«in says there was no ground
for the report that the Harrimaii party
had been attacked by the rioting mob in
Tokio. The riots were the result of pop
ular resentment against the action of the
police in closing certain public parka.
Schwerin was returning from a dinner
and his rickshaw man collided with _ a
crowd of the rioters. The rickshaw man
tripped and fell and when he regained his
feet talked strong Japanese to the crowd.
"The people laughed and I laughed with
them and the rickshaw man swallowed
his grievance and resumed his shaft?.
That was »the sole connection of the Har
rjman paf:y with the Japanese riots."
JAPAN MONEY MAD.
Among the passengers on the Siberia
was Frederick Palmer, who was corre
spondent at the front for Collier's all
through the war, and whose articles on
the stirring scenes at the front have won
for him world-wide fame. Palmer started
for home when the prospect of peace de
veloped into certainty, but before leaving
the Orient investigated the boycott situ
tion under Instructions from his paper.
He agrees with Schwerin that the. Chi
nese are in earnest, and that the situation
is serious. Wu Ting Fang, former Minis
ter from China to Washington, he be
lieves, was the Inspirer of the boycott.
He told the Chinese that the only way to
make America sit up and take notice
was to touch her pocket.. Every meeting
held In this country to consider the boy
cott problem added fuel to the fire. The
cable told of everything done here, and
the report of every' meeting held in the
United States was sent broadcast through
China as evidence of how the boycott
"had got the Yankees going."
Speaking of Japan, Palmer says:
"Japan is money mad. This war taught
her that her great weakness lay in her
poverty, and she is out now to make
money with just as much energy as she
prepared for her fight with Russia. She
wants money, she is going to make it and
will not care who* suffers, so .long as she
gains her end." '
M. Shlraishl. vice president of the Toyo
Klsen Kaisha, was a passenger on the
Siberia. He says that within a little
more than two years the three Japanese
liners now running to this port will be
replaced by two liners, both larger than
the Siberia. The vessels are now being
built In Japan. Within a few months, he
says, the Toyo Kisen Kaisha will be
operating a line of British tramp steam
ers between Japan and Callao. Shiralshi
Js on his way to London.
FLOODED REGION
SEEKS RELIEF
. WASHINGTON. Oct. 23.— The Secretary
of the Interior has received -a petition
from several citizens of the Imperial .Vai
ley In California asking for relief from
the damage done to their property by the
California Development Company, whose
methods of building a drainage canal
throught that region are alleged to have
resulted in the formation of a lake cov
ering 600 square miles and In the loss
through inundation of 25,000 acres of farm
lands.
The California Development Company
was organized in New Jersey in 1896 to
divert the water of the Colorado River
into Mexico and deliver It to settlers on
the public lands In the Colorado Desert,
now known as the Imperial Valley. The
company built a canal from the Colorado
River north of the Mexican boundary
into Mexico, for eleven miles, where it
emptied In/a an old river channel by
which the water thus diverted would re
turn to this country. In 1901 the com
pany began to deliver water, but in 1903
there were many, complaints from the
settlers about the scarcity of water.
The company in 1904 made another canal
at a point about four miles below the
American line. This diversion from the
Colorado TXlver was made without any
controlling works and during the winter
and soring heavy rains washed out the
canals so that 86 per cent of the water
flowed to the valley and 0n1y. 14 per cent
went through the river to the Gulf of
California. It will take at least six
months to Install adequate works to turn
the river back into the old canal.
To Cure- a Cold in One Day
Take LAXATIVE BROMO Qulntne Tablet*.
Druggiets refund money If it fails to cur*.
E. W. GROVE'S ilcnatur* 1» on -each box; 25c*
EIRDUIXG JURORS SHOW THEY
HAVE LITTLE USE FOR FIENDS
REDDING. Oct. 23.— A. M. Rollins of
Keswick was this evening found'gullty
of a serious crime committed upon his
t*»n-year-old daughter. The jury was
out but fifteen' minutes. Ten days ago
Henry C. Miller was convicted of a like
crime and he has already, started to
serve a life term in Folsom"prison. Rol
lins will receive his sentence id :two
weeks, and It is believed he will :.' be
given the full penalty, li/e ' Imprison
ment. .» " . " ' -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TTJESDAY,\ OCTOBER 24, 1905^
EX-CONGRESSMAN
JERRY SIMPSON
CALLED BY DEATH
FORMER CONGRESSMAN AND
POPULIST LEADER OF KANSAS.
WHO PASSED AWAY YESTER
DAY.
WICHITA, Kan.. Oct. 2.1. — Former
Congressman Jerry Simpson died at
6:05 o'clock this morning at the St.
Francis Hospital from, aneurism of the
aorta. He had been hovering between
"life and death for ten days. At the
bedside were Mrs. Simpson and their
only child, Lester Simpson of Rosweil,
N. M. The patient was conscious up to
flv^minutes before death.
The ex-Congressman's last illness be
gan at the time of his final campaign
for Congress. In ' spite of failing
health, he continued his business ac- ',
tivity, working as an agent for the .
Defreest-Draper Land' Company of Chi
cago and operating an extensive ranch
near Rosweil. Six months ago his con
dition became such that he went to
Chicago to consult a specialist, who
pronounced his malady hopeless. From
that time on Simpson continued to
grow weaker until finally compelled to
abandon business. He was brought to
the hospital here on September 21.
•The Scottish Rite Consistory of
Wichita, of which Simpson had-been a
member, will have charge of the fun
eral. Burial will take place in Wich
ita.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 23.— 'The Sage
of Medicine Lodge," as Jerry Simpson
was called, wag In every respect one
of the most unique characters which
adorn the histories of Congress. * He
was swept Into the Fifty-second Con
gress by a wave of Kansas Populism,
charges with the task of reforming th*
whole government. The only advance
information his colleagues had of his
personality was that he wore no socks.
Jerry Simpson, one of the most
unique characters In the national poli
tics since the war, was born in the
province of New Brunswick on March
31, 1842. When he was about six
years old his parents removed to
Oneida County. New Y.ork. where he
obtained all the education that he had.
from the schools.
At the ace of- 14 he became a sailor
and followed . that occupation on the
Great Lakes for twenty-three years
with much success, rising rapidly
through the various grades to captain
and- then" commanding a number of
large vessels.
At the breaking out of the Civil
War Simpson enlisted with the Union
forces in Company. A, Twelfth Illinois
Infantry, but after a time contracted
a disease, which forced him to leave
the service. In' 1878 he moved to Kan
sas and engaged in farming and stock
raising near Medicine Lodge, Barber
County, and In ; time acquired a large
farm there, though he resided In the
•town. | . •
ENTRANCE IXTO POLITICS.
-He began politics as a Republican,
casting his • first, vote for Abraham
"Lincoln in 1864. After 1880, [however,
he affiliated with the Greenback party,
and later with the Union Labor party,
end still later with the Populists. He
was twice nominated for the Stat«
Legislature on an independent ticket
In Barber County, but was defeated
each time -by a small margin. X \u25a0
He became prominent as one of'the
early advocates of a "third party"
movement, believing that there wm no
way to bring about reform in the ;ad- ;
ministration of State or National gov
ernment except by a political force
brought -to bear outside of the two
great existing political parties. -He
took a leading part in the organization
of the People's party in Kansas, which
in 1890 elected five out of seven Con
gressional representatives — he being
one of the number— besides the Attor
ney General and 91 of the 125 mem
bers of the State* Legislature. " <
After his election to Congress Simp
son was in great demand to publicly
discuss the principles of "the hew
party, and after many speeches In his
own. State he traveled tnrough'.the
Eastern and Middle States delivering
numerous addresses" to enfhusiasUcTau
dlences, which, resulted ". in the J forma
tion of 'many local organizations. He
became tha idol of his party; and had
he been born .in' the United .States . he
would undoubtedly 'have' received Its
nomination for. 'the Presidency of the
United States. ; "' .:\u25a0\u25a0, -r
KNOWN AS SOCKXESS JEIIBY.
Simpson'B political opponents com
monly called •• him ; "Sockless" * 'Jerry
Simpson,'- butj to his colleagues; ln^Con
'gress.*he*', was • known ; ; hsj \ the ± ,'JSa^e. of
Medicine -Lodge." £ Instead 'of beirig, the
uncouth lout 'as frequently caricatured
"he :: Wa's- a • tall.V Blender, *.wellidressed,
Echolarly-«looking« I man; ..with ;a : Henry
Clay mouth, a wealth of coal black
UNITED BANK
CANNOT OPEN
FOR BUSINESS
Continued From Pace 1, Column 3.
corporation and the officers 01 said cor
poration have been repeatedly notined to
make good such impairment
; "That in the opinion of, this board the
value of the assets of said bank is far
Ie;s8 than the face value of such assets
and that -the impairment- of the capital
stock of said bank in fact is now far
greater than as above stated."
APPLICATION* IS DEXIKD.
"This board." continued the-commu
nication to the bank's representatives,
"has very carefully and fully consid
ered your offer and representations,
and after consultation with the Attor
ney General this, board Is advised by
that officer and this board believes that
the conditions surroundingr. the United
Bank and Trust Company are such that
it is the duty of this board to decline
to rescind the action heretofore taken
looking toward the liquidation of the
affairs of said corporation. Your ap
plication must therefore be denied."
This was signed by Commissioners .C.
H. Dunsmoor, Herman Silver, X. Black
stock and Secretary J. Cal Ewlng. j
\u25a0 This ultimatum of .the Commission
ers was delivered at 4 o'clock yestor
day afternoon,' after the Commission
ers had worked for some hours over
the matter. As soon as it was rea^J
the attorneys for • the bank were on
their feet asking' questions ami show
ing: considerable warmth. •
Attorney H. G. W. Dlnkelspiel, after-
Bank Commissioner Dunsmpor, aj
chairman of the board, had announced
that the matter was ended so far as
the commission was concerned for the
present — as the board was acting un
der the advice of the Attorney General
and all future action must com*
through the office of the Attorney Gen
eral — immediately called up the Attor
ney General by telephone, and a com
mittee, headed by Attorneys Dlnkei
spiel and Newhouse and President My
ers, started for a conference with Dep
uty Sturtevant. An interview .tho
offices of the Attorney General ensued
that lasted for more than an hour.
The bank's representatives made a
request of Deputy Attorney General
Sturtevant that he would not talk to
the press representatives regarding the
matter that had been discussed at thi3
meeting. To this he consented, but he
talked freely about the general facts
relating to the bank and the causes
that had led the Commissioners to close
the doors of . the United. Bank and
hair and eyes indicative ot brains.
Champ Clark of, Missouri, one of his
fellow members of Congress, said of
him: "Though not a scholar, yet he is
a philosopher of the homely, practical
American type of which Josh Billings,
BillArp and Sam Jones are exemplars,"
In debate he was Imbued with what
Julius Caesar in his "Commentaries"
denominated the "gaudium eertaminis,'
which Sir Walter Scott paraphrased
into
The stern joy which warriors feel
In foemen worthy of their steel.
He was a natural born fighter and
; ranked among the best rough-and
tumble debaters in the House.
Clever in repartee, rich in epigrams,
and merciless in retort. Republican
and Denyjcrat. alike hesitated to arouse
Simpson, for on occasion he would flay
tho one and pound the other, to the de
light of all except the "patient on the
table." He was always certain of ap
plause on such occasions. He served in
all three terms. IS9I-9B and 1897-98.
At the flm and for auite a time
afler he was the butt of every joking
paragrapher in the land, but he after
stood in the small group of men whose
names commanded respect from ocean
to oean.
. BEST OF ALL
. The Miramontes Tract, the first tract thrown open to the public, has been sold. It
was; the first. tract bought in, HalfmoDn Bay and the first sold out We have profited by'
experience. So may you. Tract No. 2 adjoins the Miramontes Tract No. 1. It is on high
ground, like the Miramontes No. 1, opening into the main street of Halfmoon, Bay."
hots Are 50 Feet Front by 150 Feet Deep - : ; :
Prices $ 1 75,00 to $500.00
Forty Minutes from San Francisco by the Ocean Shore Railroad, the scenic line to
Santa Cruz, now undergoing construction. Close to but not cut up by the railroad, like'
'adjoining tracts. In addition to this tract we have also opened up the Seal Beach. Tract* and
subdivided it into one-acre lots. From these lots we are constructing stairways leading to'
the finest beach on the Coast. . "?;
Those wishing town lots should see our Miramontes Tract : No." 2. They are large lots,
150 feet front by 1 50 feet deep; prices from $ 1 75 to $500.
Be near the bank, good stores and the
Postof^ an imaginary city— a
vision of the future.
P Those desirous of attaining Villa Sites should see our Seal Beach Tract with its possi-
bilities for beautiful homes with acre lots. Prices $300 to $1000 for an acre lotl
Excursions Sundays and Wednesdays. Call
W. D. POT TER C OMPAN V, I nc ,
THE PIONiteR HALFMOON BAY REALTY DEALERS t >
Branch Office at Halfmoon Bay. MONTGOMERY ST., SAN FRANCISCO
CANAL WORK
BY CONTRACT
Government Willing to Let
Private Firms Dig Water
way Across the Isthmus
ANY POETION OB : ALL
Secretary Taft intimates
That Bids for Construction
Are Soon to Be invited
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— The Govern
ment of the United States is willing to
enter into contracts with ,- corporation*
or individuals for the construction of any
portion or all of the Panama Canal, i
.This statement was made by. Secretary
Taft to-day while discussing the condt
• tJons upon the Isthmus. Secretary Taft
did not mean to declare' the policy of the
Government in ! the matter of the canal
construction, but to assert that, if it
were found feasible to let contracts, that
course would be pursued. He made,. tbe
following statement:
The question whether the canal will b« built
by contract It is not. of course, possible now
to determine. Mr. Wallace, the former chief
engineer of \u25a0 the canal expressed a. tentative
opinion, that possibly much of the work, ex
cept the Coiebra cut, could be let by contract.
It Is Impossible, however, to make plans fox
this until ih » data are obtained, which are now
beln* secured. . - -
I have not discussed the matter with Mr.
Ebonts or with Mr. Stevens, the chief engineer,
because the question has not yet come up
for settlement. - 1 give you only the impres
sion that I received- from conversations witn
Mr. Wallace on the ground. There Is nothing
in the policy thus far pursued which would
prevent the letting of any part of the wors.
by contract, if found to be profitable to thft
Government.
Trust Company and its branches in San
Francisco and Alameda.
STURTEVANT EXPLAINS.
Mr. Sturtevant alleged that the
shortage of $6000 alluded to in answer
made to' the representatives of the
bank by the Bank Commissioners was
caused by the disappearance of prom
issory notes that had been given iii
payment for.. capital. stock, and these
notes had not been found by the ex
pert who" is examining the bank's af
fairs for the. Commissioners.
Concerning the. averment that the re
ported $212,875 of paid up capital stock
is almost double the amount really paid
up, he said that; the promissory notes
were not to be considered as payments,
for the law expressly forbade that
promissory notes should be'aceepted in
payment for capital stock of a bank.
• The charge made by the Bank Com
missioners that . moneys of - the bank
have been misappropriated, he said,
was based upon a discovery that on
one occasion three directors voted- to
pay the president of the bank $2000
for promoting the bank, and that thia
sum was paid to the president; and that
of the throe directors authorizing this
and so voting the president of the bank
was one.
The Deputy Attorney General also ex
plained the statement made by Bank
Commissioners that* th« value of the
assets of the United Bank and Trust
Company is far less, than the face value
of said assets by flaying that the sum
of $50,000 was invested in the bonds of
an abstract company In Oakland, whose
principal : assets _ were.^ '\u25a0•ets of books conf
talning reports of the searches of titles
to real estate in Alameda, Contra. Costa
•and other counties. One of the members
of the advisory committee of the bank
is prominently connected with this ab- '
stract company. \u0084
Regarding a rumor that criminal prose- !
cutions might follow Mr. Sturt. /ant said
that the office of the. Attorney General
has nothing to do with bringing com- |
plaints. .That rests with the District At
torney. It was alleged in one paragraph
The Kind You I £-„- Always Bought ha«> borne the Mfrna-
ture of Chas. HTKcicberVand haS been made under his
personal supe^on for over 3O years. Allow no one
to deceive you?^ ll^ Counterfeits Imitations and
Wfiafejs CASTO R! A
: Castoria is. a liarm^ ess SU bstitute for Castor. Oil, l* ar f" 1
goric, Drops and SosthEr Syrups. If is Pleasant. It
contains neither. Opiu^f fio^h&e nor other >a™^
substance. Its apr© is^Ss iruarantee. It destroys Vorms
' and allays Feverishness. "it cures Diarrhoea and »mv
-Colic. It reHeres Teei hinff ! Troubles, cures Con
and Flatulency.; it assimilates the Food, repjj « the
Stomach and-\Bowels,v J £. v inff healthy and neural sieep*
g The Chfldren's Panace^The Mother's Frifnd.
Bought
>y '"rift*"* f.ha Signature of
7. in Use For Over 30 Years.
i ' / . THtCfNT«U» COMMHT. TT MUWItAT »TWCCT. lIIWTOW CfTT. ...-/-."
of the document prepared by Mr. Sturte
vant and the Bank Commissioners that
the penal code r haa been violated by ad
vertising that capital stock had been paid
up to the amount of. $212,875, when the
actual amount paid-up In cash was only
about one-half of the . advertised sum.
The statements about the assets, etc,
Mr. Sturtevant said, were based upon re
ports made by the expert employed by
the Bank ! Commissioners to investigate
the condition and methods of the United
Bank and Trust Company.
BANK PEOPLE'S CLAIM.
After- the meetine-with the Bank Com
missioners yesterday aiternoon the people
most prominently ' connected j with the
United Bank and Trust Company de
clared that the decision of many deposi
tors in the bank, who are also among
those who issued promissory notes to pay
for capital stock, to let their deposits
remain and also the offers 'of money from
various sources would put the bank in
shape to pay every dollar due to de
positors to-day, if allowed by the Bank
Commissioners to go an. •
Few new facts developed at the lons
meeting of the Bank Commissioners 'and
the United Bank * arid Trust Company
people yesterday forenoon that are not
summarized in the - foregoing. Some of
the statements were repetitions, of what
had been said previously at meetings of
the "bank stockholders and depositors
Saturday and Sunday.., \u0084 ; ' ,' '. ;
Deputy Attorney General* Sturtevant
asked many Questions arid drew several
'statements of more or less interest from
the assembled officers and stockholders,'
who. were present to the. number of
twenty or more. President . Myer a "ex
plained that the bank had once a wo
man's department, but It was discon
tinued because It was unprofitable. Mrs.
Foltz was employed as attorney, and it
was understood that she was to interest
women in the «~bewilr**«fl- depositors and
stockholders. A women's bankers club
was .organized at which banking topics'
-were discussed.'-. ' \ .'. • : \_ \u25a0\u25a0' R^>"«
There was a promotion company under
contract with the bank to sell preferred
stock and also common stock of the
bank, for which service commissions were
paid to the promoters. Then there was
a real estate business formerly connected
with the bank, but that connection was
discontinued. All three companies, the
banking company, the promotion com
pany and the real estate company, oc
cupied and continue to occupy the same
room in the Mills building.
The stockholders and depositors held
I another meetlnK in the assembly ha 1 !
of the Mills building last night. Ths
public was excluded from the meeting,
upon the advice ot the bank's attor
neys, who announced that the pres.*
mlgrht misrepresent the proceedings
and injure their eauie. At the close
of the meeting; Hugo D. Newftouse. one
of the attorney* for the bank, volun
teered to slve a statement of the pro
ceedings to the press.
\u25a0 According to Newhouse. the stock
holders are willing to close ther brancli
banks, both In this city and In A!a
meda. and will call in, the "stock notes '
as rapidly as U deemed feasible. Ee
tween $4000 and $5000 was raised in
cash at the meeting 1 , making tbe '-Dial
amount raised yesterday over $52,f>ijo.
This amount, together with the money
already in hand, gives the bank a caih
surplus of over $10,000 orex the de
posits. The depositors have loan«d tan
bank tn the neighborhood of $60,000.
making:. a total of 1130.000 on hand to
pay the. slo7,ooo which the bank owes.
; Frank. ; N. Meyers - retired as presi -
dent, but- still remained on the board
\u25a0of directors. H. Bendel. J. G. Law ana
J. H. MaJthews retired as directors and
Jn their places I. Freeman was elected
president, L. H. Moise, first vice presi
dent, and William Helblck, second vice
president.
. A proposition is now on foot to either
.form new companies, with the same di
rectors and stockholders, and open the
branch banks under new names, or to
sell them to new companies which will
be organized In the near future.
According to Attorney Xewhouse. all
the requirements of the commission
have been fulfilled and the bank couM
be open and ready for business by iO
j o'clock this .morning if permitted to re
i sume.
.As soon as. District Attorney Bying
ton Is informed- by the Attorney Gj:i
'eral or: the Bank Commissioners thut
there." •is anything criminal, jin the
manipulations made t*y the directors
o"f the-* United- Bank and Trust Cotn
pany he will begin proceedings against
them.
: "If It Is true that they have paid
dividends out of iheir capital stock,
that is certainly criminal." said the
District Attorney last night. "The
matter Is now in the hands of the Bank
Commissioners and the Attorney Gen
eral. When they notify me of anything
criminal I will proceed to prosecute."MISS ALICE ROOSEVELT RETURNS FROM
HER TRAVELS IN FAR EASTERN LANDS
STARTS AT ON.GE^FOR EAST IN SPECIAL
MISS ALICE ROOSEVELT. WHO RETURNED FROM THB ORIENT YESTERDAY ON THE PACIFIC MAIL. LINER SIBERIA.
SJHK SATS SKE HAD A VERY ENJOYABLE TIME VISITING THE CROWNED HEADS OF THE FAR EAST AND
TAL.KS INTERESTINGLY OF HER EXPERIENCES.
Miss Alice Roosevelt's tria is ail over |
now except for one long railroad jou.Tiey
which she is making in the special train;
Tvhich is carrying President Harrlman
back to Wall street. The Siberia, bring
ing from the Orient Miss Roosevelt and
her friends and President Harrlman ana
bis family, arrived yesterday shortly be
fore noon and while the afternoon was
etIII young the Roosevelt party and the
Harrimans boarded the Pacific Mail ]
tender Arabs and were carried to the
Oakland pier, where the special train had
teen panting since early morning.
The Siberia made a record run across
the Pacific, and although President Har
rlman said yesterday that his train was
not going to do any racing, it will prob
ably make much better time than the
ordinary overland fliers, and rt will
only be a few days before Miss Roose
velt Is home again.
And she will be glad of it. ; .
She has enjoyed her wonderful trip,
but would have had a better time In
some respects had she traveled as Miss
Jones. Bhe has been on the move for
nearly four months. She has visited !
many lands and innumerable cities
end small towns. Wherever she went
well-meaning friends had prepared
elaborate programmes for her enter
tainment, and being her father's daugh
ter she stayed with the procession.
Almost constantly she has faced bat- :
teries of cameras, and whatever she
did and much that she didn't do has
furnished material for the public prints.
It was a pretty big undertaking for j
one little girl, and she looked pretty
tired yesterday as she leaned on tho
rail of the Siberia.
BUSY WITH DEXIALS.
"I have nothing to say about my trip
except that It has been a great expe
rience and I have enjoyed it," ebe said
yesterday. "Most of the wonderful
things the newspapers have printed
about me are not true. I did not jump
Into the swimming tank on the Man
churia except when I went there to
swim, and I did not dare Congressman
Longworth to jump In after me.
"The Sultan of Sulu did not want to
marry me. Did not even propose to
me.
"The presents I received were neither
numerous nor valuable. Most of them
are just little souvenirs, some were
merely paper flowers, a.nd the intrinsic
value of them all is Insignificant.
"And I will not be interviewed."
Tue much-talked-of presents, of
value estimated all the way from Sec
retary Taft's appraisement of $150/ to ;
hundreds of . thousands, are going
through to Washington with the rest
of Miss Roosevelt's baggage, in bond.
This course" was suggested by Deputy
Collector Charles Stephens, who re
ceived the travelers as the representa
tive of Collector of the Port Stratton. !
From what the officials here learned.l
the duty on the 'things Miss Roosevelt j
brought from the Orient, outside of the]
$100 worth exempted by law, will, not
amount to $20. /
VISITS IMPERIAL. RULERS.
Probably the most interesting events
of Miss Roosevelt's trip were the visits
Pat Tokio and Peking to the rulers of
Japan and China.* In each cage Miss
Roosevelt and her friends were the
first American women who had 1. been
received, as they were, by the Dowager
Empress of China or by the Mikado.
They were entertained in halls through
la. which never before had'rung the sound
of high heels tapping on polished teak
and in each case were guests ,of figures
filling romantic places in > the' world's
history.
The Dowager Empress they deicribe *
ss -*a woman of seventy who looks un
der fifty, and who was much less inter
ested In us than we were in her."
Wu Ting Fang, the former Chinese
Minister, to Washington, acted as in
terpreter, and none of those who en
joyed the strange old woman's hospi
tality will ever forget either her or her
wonderful palace.
Of the alleged inattention of United
States Minister RockhiU no member of
the party /> would speak. Cruz Herrera,
the president of the municipal council
of Manila, who made insulting refer
ence to the women of America at a
banquet to the Taft party, has resigned,
and Miss Roosevelt and her friends are
willing to forget him.
On the tug Arabs, which met the Si
beria in quarantine, was Chauncey SL
St. John, deputy surveyor of the port.
Mr. St. John was there to greet his
cousin. Miss Mabel Boardman, who ac
companied Miss Roosevelt on her trav
els.
In Miss Roosevelt's party were: Sen
ator and Mrs. Newlands. Senator F. E.
Warren and son. Hon. E. Godchaux and
wife. Mlsa Mabel Boardman. Miss Amy
McMillan, Congressman N. Longworth
and Captain Crosby.
STEAMER HAS TO WAIT.
• Miss Roosevelt left here July 8 on the
liner Manchuria. She looked weary with"
the burden of continuous entertainment
when she boarded, the big steamship, but
with the diplomacy of a seasoned poli
tician had a gracious smile for every
body and - apt . responses for greetings,
from acquaintance and stranger. Some
merely wanted a look at the first young
woman in the land, others wanted to
shake hands and wish her a pleasant
time, while others insisted on telling her
how much they admired her respected
father. It was weary work, but she went
through it like a veteran, and when the
liner sailed she left on the wharf a vast
multitude, every unit of which. was say
ing to his or her neighbor, "She's all
right."
The weariness was all" gone by the time
the Manchuria reached Honolulu,; where
Miss Roosevelt had the time of her life.
While at the island port . she was j intro
duced to the delights of surf-riding, and
the new sport pleased her so well that
had she been' anybody else the Manchuria
would have gone away without her. She
overstayed her "liberty" until after the
liner had left the wharf and the big ship
. had to wait until Miss r Roosevelt arrived
alongside on a Government tug. * *
She arrived at Yokohama July 25 and
was given an enthusiastic welcome. At
Toklo she was entertained like a- Prin
cess royal.
The army transport Logan carried
the President's daughter to the Philip
pines, where Miss' Roosevelt saw every
thing- worth seeing. . Many provinces
were visited, and -wherever she wen*
; the President's daughter: was warmly '
! received and royally entertained. j
MEETS SUI/TAN OP SUI.U. '
The Sultan of Sulu greeted the party >
: In an, $1800 uniform imported "for ,the !
occasion^ from Paris. ' . The, Sultan i paid
no duty; on this -uniform. Duty .was}
demanded./. The Sultan refused ; to pay.,
The customs authoritles;\insist'ed. ."All j
right," said ; the" Sultan; "Keep \u25a0 the
uniform... Understand, however, > that
unless I wear.;that uniform I will wear
nothing; at .the -Taft .•reception. Noth
ing suits nie.' I am used Ito it., "It may.
startle the Aiperlcanos. however.'/ , The
uniform* was : admitted dutyJ free as, the |
Sultan has some reputation for keeping
hl& word. . /, /
The Sultan of Sulu presented Miss
Roosevelt i with : a pearl . and with a sad
dle of beetlenut? boxwood. \ " ;
The long,* rough ; Journeyfrom s Mala- '
WMmmmhmiiih iJlfcuHiMii tfilßWHii miff \u25a0iiiiillitHill'W i h«HI— MMMMEIT Blfclltfil i
SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24/' 1905.,
bang to Lake . Lanao made on
horseback. Some of the men wearied
of the saddle and took spells in the
wagons which accompanied the party,
but Miss Roosevelt, who rides like a
trooper, rode in the 'saddla. every.;, foot
of the way, daring the tropic sun to' do
its worst.
In the Philippines Miss Roosevelt at
tended the races, witnessed a carobao
fight and" enjoyed the "native dances.;
She met and was "entertained by many
prominent Filipinos. \ :
The transport carried the party to
Hongkong, where Secretary Taft and
his party took the Korea for this, port.
Miss Roosevelt and her friends went to
Peking, where they were: guests oX the
Dowager Empress. From China they
went to Korea and from Korea to Yo
kohama, where they boarded the ; Si
beria: ;: ' * *-.*•, \u25a0_ .- : '
E.VTEUTAIXED IN KOREA.
Her visit to Korea was most enjoyable.
She arrived at Chemulpo on the afternoon
of September 19 and proceeded; by special
train to Seoul. She), traveled \u25a0 in the im
perial car, which never before had been
placed at . the disposal of any; but royal
personages. .. ••\u25a0
Seoul Miss Roosevelt and Mrs. New
lands were the guests of United States
Minister Morgan. When the party ar
rived the royaKband: played ""The 'Star
Spangled Banner," and the stay In Korea
was; marked by a succession of royal en
tertainments, j \u25a0' \u25a0 \u25a0.-- \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 '.'.''.
Miss Roosevelt was the guest , at a
woman's luncheon of the Empress Ota,
the Korean ruler's - consort. American
woman missionaries,^ stationed In , Korea,
acted as interpreters and ; with . their, as
sistance Miss Roosevelt was ; enabled .to
chat quite freely with her Oriental host
ess. During the latter : part t of the stay
in KoreaiMiss : Roosevelt I" cut loutiall so
cial-functions and ; enjoyed ; herself riding
out among the hills •; surrounding • Seoul.
PNEU!»TATIC MAIL . TUBES
TIED UP IN NEW YORK
Seized as Result of Non-Payment of
Interest by Company Controlling; \u25a0
'// ; , '.Them.;-. :/..; */'.
NEW YORK, Oct' 23.— Letter trans
portation by pneumatic tubes : in New
York ; and Brooklyn was suddenly,
stopped' to-day andlthefpostofflcev, was
forced' to hurry: its incoming • and "out
going : letters to ; their : destination ;: ; in
emergency wagons' and automobiles.
The pneumatic tubes were : seized as! a
result : of the j non-payment . of \u25a0• Interest
oh the bonds *of . the New York r > Mail
and Transportation' -Company, " which
Controls the tubes ;' and^ f or ? which ; re
ceivers^ were ' recently \i appointed/ ?- The
receivers took possession i of ; the tubes
in default of the payment.".,/
We Are : the Home
Of . the! Itwo I best " cameras '; now- manufactured.
The "Kodak,'.', the best fl!m~; camera;. the "Cen
tury,"- < the . : best \u25a0 for ; plates-r-and i can ibe :\u25a0 used
for \u25a0 films. ; : We", have supplies ' f or.s all £ kinds ' ot
machines.^- Let /us do v your ': developing • ana
printing. Sanborn, Vail & CO./741
Market; street.' „ : -.* i -;? 7-". -\u25a0-% " \u25a0:. ' •
Another Theft Charged to Cunllffe.
;PITTSBURG.;Oct: 2 3.-^A /second -in
formation/ charging . ;the / larceny.;' of
$750 'on '( or »\u25a0 October j9, j the \ day
h& disappeared iwith V $101,000,. was > to
day ; lodged*; against aE./G/t .Cunllffe ,Cby,
C.11./Hines,fgeneral; local; agent, of (the
"Adams "i Express :/ Company. j| Cuhliffe
'waived ay shearing/; on ; j this :. -second
charg-e. whic h \ wil I . be ' presented \to - the
Grand Jury to-morrow" marnjng./
. .'../ ; /.., -\u0084'•\u25a0 StopT' \u0084\u25a0 -\u25a0.-.-,,.; . -\u25a0- ;;;'/"?.
-• Shoes to match" your dress : at* Burns',
112 Geary -street. >/ ':'.\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0, '--i;~r-.*-&f
MOBILE GREETS
THE PRESIDENT
Enthusiastic Exception for
Cliief Executive in* the
Evening in Alabama City;
CANAL HIS SUBJECT
States That Nation' Will Put
Ditch" Through arid -Will
Need N a vy to ' Protect It
MOBILE, Ala., Oct.- 23.— That peace
hath her victories no less renowned , than
war. was V no better exemplified than . in
the reception of Presldenfßoosevelt dur
ing his two hours' stay in Mobile this
evening 1 . \u25a0 There \u25a0 was a' general closing: of
all business houses and along the ; route
of the procession from the Union station
to the stand on Bienville square, where
the ' reception ceremonies took place, the
residences and stores : .were covered > with
decorations of lights • and r bunting in' the
national colors. • - ';v'\
The route Jay out Government street,
one of the most noted drives in the South,
for ten blocks passing the" homes of some
of Mobile's most influential citizens, her
chief educational Institutions and one ; of
her. historic churches. The sidewalks and
streets along Government street ' were
packed with, humanity, '.and :at McGill
Institute, I Barton Academy rand one" or
two other points hundreds of children
were massed, who sang national anthems
and songs as the procession \u25a0 passed.
Cheer after cheer rent the" air. j
The procession was headed by a platoon
of police, followedvby: militia and two
companies of artillery from Fort: Morgan
and the cadets of the University Military
School. Behind the young boys came'the
battle-scarred veterans of Raphael
Semmes and John M. Withers Camp,
U.C. V., as guard of honor to the Presi
dent. '
VAST CROWD ASSEMBLES.
The stand was erected on Bienville
square. Long before the President 'ar
rived the sauare was filled* with astrug
gling crowd of citizens. It was brilliant
with electric" lights "and overhead r the
magnificent grove of live oaks formed
a canopy of green. It is estimated that
by the time the President* began his ad
dress there was a crowd . numbering 40.000
pe6ple within the sound of his voice. He
appeared to be overwhelmed with
pleasure at the spontaneity of his wel
come. ! . ;.'. :\u25a0*;!• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;: \u25a0-"'\u25a0
His seat was on an elevated dais in a
chair which was built by the students
of a tropical school in Japan v Back of
the chair-was an enormous stuffed bear,
eight feet tall, bearing in its mouth a
floral Independence bell. Above its head
was a white dove holding a streamer on
which was the inscription, "Blessed is the
Peacemaker." Thebear was killed ima
hunting expedition by Emperor Alexan
der II of Russia in 1557, . according to the
inscription on a bronze plate on; the base
of the mounting. : '^ - W
Oliver J. Semmes, son of the Confed
erate admiral, Raphael Semmes, pre
sented to the President and pinned
upon theMapel of his coat a handsome
souvenir badge as the gift of the peo
ple: of 1 Mobile./
\u25a0SPEAKS OF THE CANAI..
President Roosevelt was cheered as
he arose to speak. , : He thanked the
people for their; magnificent reception
and spoke special "words of greeting; to
the Confederate -veterans, who? formed
a portion of his escort. : He, referred' to
the- fact that one of his uncles was ; on
the Alabama during, the Civil War. ;
Referring ,to ; the ! Panama " canal, the
President said jhe did his best* to bring
about its completion for the' benefit of
the whole people, but particularly for
the benefit of. the Gulf v States. V Orig
inally,' he said, he favored the Nicar
agua route, but when it was demon
strated that it must be; the Panama
canal or nothing, he 'favored the Pan
ama route, as he ; wanted* to see a" canal
built, and one' will be. built. ' Notwith
standing the efforts of; certain people
who are strlving!by their.clrculation of
false rumors or other methods to de
lay or defeat the construction, of the
canal, the' President said, they would
be disappointed, f.or' there Is going , to
be* a ; canal/ Health conditions on the
isthmus, heVsaid,:are ? than ; ever
before. The President continued: /;/
If we ' build the - canal .'we - must protect -it
and police It ourselves. - We must therefore
bring up and keep up our navy to the highest ;
point of efficiency. , ': ; *
In the "\u25a0'. event •:\u25a0 of • war the 'American people
must ; rely ; mainly, upon \u25a0 Its . volunteer solditr3. i
While itis comparatively a simple act to turn
a man' into quite > a:' good "soldier, you ; can '
neither Improvise a battleship nor the crew of
a / battleship. — : It •13 not ; necessary that 'we
should . have a ':. particularly, largo navy, but"> it
Is necessary. that, ehlp for, ship, it should be> a
little: the, better of any In'the world. . : \u25a0
\u25a0'.. The President concluded his speech
by referring : to his i pleasure at seeing
i the children, .the future citizens of this
I country. * ; V
He said that j the fathers and mothers
must 1 see to it that; the children are
properly trained: in order to keep : iip
the standard of citizenship. : '*•
NEW ORLEANS EJV FETE... «"p. ,
SPRAGUE JUNCTION, Ala, Oct. 23.—
At I many of I the little .stations through
which v President % Roosevelt's special
train; passed this morning, people were:
gathered 5 who , cheered; and\waved ; their
flags 'as the; special ; sped by , en- route. to
Mobile. •'_ At iTroy, Ala., ;: the ' students', of
the Normal School: were ; grouped along-^
side? the -; track and greeted . the Presi
dent wlth'/cheers.. The ; State Health
Officer Jboarded the train at this sta
tion. \u25a0' •-'-*."/. .-...: ",,,•• - "' . \u25a0\u25a0:;
, NE W, ' ORLEANS, ; Oct. 2 3.— New" Or
leans I todayi Is I assuming; the aspect/of
the carnival \u25a0 season: J Many } of the } b us- s
mess houses have been elaborately \u25a0 dec
orated r for ;tne " President's visit, and
with the .streets : thronged ; there : are . ho
longer :\u25a0.' evidences ";-.pt Vv either .fever -or
quarantine! .With - the lifting of quar
antine; by Mississippi and a continuance*
of :. thet coldSsnap ? over Louisiana
and \u25a0 Mississippi, <it is "believed .that
practically, all > the restrictions against
travel^; in vthe: ; two J States f will be re
moved 1 this week." j ; Only j Alabama ; and
Texas jnow -are - barred v. against"' Louis
iana the ; fact that -.Texas *; has -re
opened > Intercourse ;\u25a0 with";; all non-in
fected ? points :in. the State is ; taken 1 : to
mean that all restrictions will shortly
bf.abandoned., . " ..;;-',
MATE OF A SCHOONER .
- MAY. HAVE BEEN KILLED
<?our \u25a0 Men Wounded and : One; Missing
After a Battle With Mutinous <
\u25a0 \u25a0.'\u25a0"-\u25a0""\u25a0" : '." ;; crew^ ./'/. .•\u25a0 ;-•- -. : : -\u25a0.-•:;
* NEW /YORK, Oct; 23.— Four /men
'yrere ; badly iwounded In a* series ; of bat-;
ties 1 between ' the }[ officers * and I crew ;ol
I .the i lumber r schooner Jlda t B/GlbsonVof
Seaford.t Delaware, and | afterward^ be-"
tween 1 Milton* Corde"rey,\theTcook fof : the
Gibson^ and . the" police \ early \ toiday.i For,
an '-. hour] the* cook/] armed! with ja"shot^i
' gun,' jstoodf off reserves,*; who
I endeavored V to /ascertain the f i caus9"l6f
: the;; trouble,': and" wounded 7a «< detective
and night-watchman. \ " ; ' . - -'
;; ' Frank|H. /Medley, ; the ; mate ; of \u25a0> ,; the
Gibson, /was - ; missing to-day,: and % may
haVe^; been ""/murdered "by./ the ;> crew/'j
, who": were, compelled / to] ;:pump;.t.the j
leaky -; craf t fall? the 'way. from vNorf oik,*- j
tVaifil to \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 New h. York/ In ! spite? of [protests.
Itswaslthisthat started the brawl.
POLITICIANS
PROTECTED
BY SUICIDE
Cashier Destroys
Their Notes for
$600,000.
New Scandal in; the
National
\u25a0 Bank Failure.?
Shortage v of Who
\u25a0 Killed \ Himself' Will r
Reach $1,500,000.
Special. Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSBURG," Oct. 23.— John .B. Cun
ningham, receiver of the Enterprise Na
tional Bank of -.Allegheny, Pa.', has dis
covered that notes for about $600,000. held
by that bank for money lent by T. Lee
Clark, ; the cashier, who committed sui
cide, are missing. Whether/these, notes
were destroyed or whether; no notes were
taken for loans, Cunningham does not
know, but he is of the opinion* that they
were destroyed or taken from the bank.
These notes, the "directors of the bank
suspect, contain the; names of politicians.
From what has been learned from Clark's
past, It appears that he had no system of
recording loans, much less of Informing
his directors about "them I and getting
their ' approval of the securities.
William A. Seidling, a director, to-day
said the .directors had , learned several
weeks ago that the bank had notes signed
by State politicians, among them. It Is
said, one signed by United States Sena
tor Penrose. Clark, however, had denied
that", he had any • obligations containing
Penrose's signature.- Some of the direc
tors believe they will find these notes
were destroyed by Clark when he de
cided sto take his life to shield his name
and his friends. '• \u25a0'..\u25a0\u25a0 •
On -the application' of two stockholders
in the National Cable and Wire Com
pany, the corporation of which Clark, was
president, ; a receiver was appointed to
day for that concern. The company, was
organized with a capital stock of $10,000,
which" subsequently was increased to
$500,000, half of which was preferred. Pre
ferred stock to the value of $154,000 is out-"
standing. The company, makes insulated
wire for, the transmission of; electricity,
and last year did a business amounting
to about $50,000. /By reason of Clark's
suicide, the bill . relates, calls have been
made -for demand loans amounting to
$15,000, \u25a0 which I the » company is unable to
meet. The | receiver,; will operate the plant.
Fred G winner, president of the defunct
Enterprise National t Bank," when asked
to-day ' what "the j shortage of j the Enter
prise would amount to, said: T*
."It will be/very large; ; much larger,. ln
fact, than we first supposed. ; From -what
I know now, it will :reach $1,500,000. None
of the' directors or officers, not even my
self, had any idea that it would reach
such an enormous sum as that. The di
rectors have determined, , however, that/
no matter how great the shortage, it will
be paid and the bank" will . reopen for
business. We hope that before '• a month
elapses it will be in operation and will
eventually hold up its head arid occupy
the proud position that it formerly com
manded." r
Sights Steamship In Distress.
LONDON, Oct. ~ 23.— -The British
steamship, Potomac, which arrived at
Avopmouth on October 21 from Phila
delphia, reports 'having passed a, large
steamship on October 17, in latitude 51
north and I longitude 26 west, showing
two red lights, meaning that she .was
not under control. Apparently she was
steaming slowly eastward. The Po
tomac did not. receive any reply to her
signals and the .unknown /steamship
did not ack for assistance. A heavy
sea was running at the. time.
ECONOMY CENTER
The "Store on the Square" offers exceptional oppor-
tunities to buy the best grade of goods at lowest prices
.THREE-PIECE PARLOR SUIT— -Mahogany .finished frame; Colonial design; -upholstered in figured;
damask.- This is an exceptional opportunity and must not be judged by the price. Like every article ;
in the hotfse, it is marked at the lowest possible point for which honest merchandise tf^*.
can be sold. Price...:.......'.'...:.. :./;... ................... •-"•••;•;;;•;•
5 V^ All>lllA l I>lIlB k 'TrC ' Designs in All the WeUKnown hf Tf>Q
LINENS WARP MATTING— Direct from Japan to the " AIX-WOoi'. SMYRNA RUG— Size 36x72 inches?, Ori-
: "House on the Square.",' A B grade that will: I 7IZ W ental designs; an excellent quality; «V : lV'
•; - give lasting satisfaction. Peri yard: . .v: * *./2r -^fringed both. ends. Special ***~'V*~
/ . V = v/ , V -, -* t* vi V TAPESTRY RUG— In very effective patterns; choice -
V FIBER CARPET— In , the. latest effects; ; suitable /for colorings; a -good, heavy ••: weave; alae C^f 7K
:'\u25a0 - bedrooms tor country 'homes." ,A> thoroughly ar- * 6x9 feet."-' Each .......................*•••*'
-tistic sanitary floor coyering.^; Per 45 CU p : room . size , aXMINSTERIKT jg— 9x12 feet; an extra
yara .... . . . . • • ...... ... . . . ... . . . . . ....,.«- quality In Oriental and' Persian designs; this Is a.
\XMINSTER CARPET— In < floral designs; an Q(*~ specialthat : will, appeal to the eco- %Of\ QO '*
•^^ excellent^ grade. — Per ; yard ; /:..y .~.\ .;....:'.:.? *f~ :., nomical/ Each ... '"..y^. ............. J ..',y.^!;, t .T"
M £&. W & w ft m h fa ßsm ***M
m HI 1 I •" «r I M oi %w -^1
PACKERS SEEK
A NEW ESCAPE
Allege That the Points Now
Raised, Against Them Have
* Already Been Disposed Of
SPECIAL PLEA ENTERED
State - That the Injunction
Issued by Judge Grosscup
Covered the Entire Case
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Declaring that the
testimony the packers were compelled to
produce before ;the Secretary of ' Com
merce and ; Labor . was ~ used by United
States District Attorney Morrison in ob
taining an Indictment against them and
alleging ' that inasmuch as the same is
sues as mentioned In the Indictment were
raised : and disposed of In an injunction
. writ issued by Federal Judge Grosscup,
the packers " who are under Federal ' In
dictment here ' charged with Illegal con
spiracy to-day again attacked the famous
, so-called "beef trust', process.
, A special plea In bar was filed by coun
sel for the packers. The nature of the
special plea was a surprise to the Gov
ernment officials, although they were
aware of what .would be pleaded In the
additional " plea, the Issuance of an In
junction by Judge Grosscup. The special
plea 'sets up assertions concerning in
vestigations by the Commissioner of Cor
porations and alleges that the defendants
were . compelled to \u25a0 . testify and to pro
duce certain books and other . data and
that thereafter the matter was submitted
to the President of the United States and
finally to the United States District Attor
ney here, and that the District Attorney
used the material in seeking indictments
against the defendants. I Because of these
alleged f act 3 the defendants ask that the
indictment be dismissed. /
Regarding the Grosscup injunction the
plea to-day maintains that by the prose
cution of the injunction and the entry of
a final decree by the Supreme Court "the
said United States of America did finally
and fully elect to pursue that remedy and
not -to prosecute these defendants re
spectively for or on account of the said
supposed engaging In the supposed con
spiracies which Is in said indictment
mentioned, or any or either of them."
The special plea concludes with the fol
lowing statement: '
And this defendant avers and submits that
under and by the laws of the -United States,
because of the premises aforesaid, this de
fendant cannot be 'prosecuted or subjected to
any penalty or forfeiture for" or on account
of the respective , transactions, matters or
things or any or either of them, which arr
in said indictment or any count thereof In
that behalf mentioned and charged against
this defendant In manner and form as same
are in said Indictment and respective count*
thereof charged against the defendant.
Wherefore be prays Judgment and that bj
the court he may be dismissed and discharged
from said premises in said Indictment and
express ' count thereof specified.
Samuel Mcßobert, agent for Armour &
Co., filed a separate special plea. In which
he seeks -<\u25a0 Immunity because; he testified
before the Grand Jury, which afterward
returned an Indictment against him. Un
der a : Federal statute, it is alleged, no
person shall 'be prosecuted in the case
In which he . testified' If 'he is compelled
to testify, against himself. This plea is
held to' be good by ' many, and, although
it will be vigorously attacked by the
Government, it is' declared there is .a
likelihood of the quashing of* the indict
ment In the'ease of Mcßobert. The other
pleas' 1 are hot held to be of great im
portance '"„ by \ the" Government. District
Attorney. Morrison - has _\u25a0 not yet decided
what action to take' in regard to them.
FRIENDS AND OPPOXEXTS
\u25a0 OF SYRUX BISHOP FIGHT
Half -Dozen Men Wounded Durlaj? a
Religions Riot In New
York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— Reserves from
three police precincts -were- hurriedly
summoned to-night to the lower end
of the city to quell what threatened to
be a serious -riot In the Syrian quar
ter, where fights between the friends
and opponents of . Bishop Hawaweenle
have been freauent of late.
The Bishop was arrested a few weeks
ago in Brooklyn, and since then the
Syrian quarter has been in a condition
'ot chronic excitement. Before the police
in " clearing the streets to
night half-a-dozen Syrians received
cuts and stabs, none, however, , of \a
serious character. Two Syrians were
arrested," charged with having incited
the riot.
. MUSICAI. INSTRUMENTS.
PIANO CLUBS
OPENED YESTERDAY
Sixteen Memlnrs Joined
Clark Wise & Go.'s
Piano Clubs.
\u25a0 : .
Doable That Numbar Will Join To-Dtf.
Will You Be One?
Ours was, a busy store yesterday and
far Into the night. Many came only to
look, thinking that our club plan was
but a fake of some kind. But when
they saw the elegant Instruments, tried
them out and inspected their Interior
mechanism, without exception admitted
it to be the first time In their attempts
at piano purchasing that the conditions
were exactly as advertised, with no red
tape attached to it.
If you have no piano, or one that is
worn out. come see us at once. You
can surely see the advantages of our
plan.
CLUB «W7» 5202.00.
This club Includes pianos built by
some of the most progressive piano-
makers of the United States, the regu-
lar prices of which have never been
less than $300.00. Club members can
obtain them for $202.00. $15.00 down
and $1.50 weekly.:
CLUB "I." $255.00.
Consists of pianos that when pur-
chased in the ordinary way retail at
$350.00; club members get them for
$255.00, $20.00 down and $2.00 weekly.
CLUB «S. W $310.00.
Our price has always been $400.00.
while other dealers have asked -as
high as- $450.00 and $500.00. You can
take your . choice of these Instruments
In beautiful burl .walnut. San Domlngu
mahogany, golden oak or weathered
oak for $310.00. paying $25.00 down and
$2.50 each week.
CLUB "E" SAVES 9110.00.
These Instruments represent the fin-
est creations of the piano-maker's art,
and are no doubt as beautiful a. lot or
instruments as -were ever shown on any
dealer's floor. They retail ordinarily at
prices ranging from $500.00 to $750.00.
By joining a club you save $110.00; pay
$40.00 down and $3,00 per week.
GUARANTEE.
Do not think because the pianos are
low in price that they are cheap pianos.
There Is a vast difference between
"cheap pianos" and "pianos cheap." If
you buy a piano of us and It does not
prove satisfactory to the last-degree
we ask you to come In and choose an-
other in Its place. There Isn't any
string attached to that statement. We
are as anxious as you can possibly be
to have you possess a piano that win
be a credit to your home and the store
that sold it. No matter how little you
pay. you get a GOOD piano; no matter
now much you pay, you get your
moneys worth. We won't let you pay
more than is just nor less than Is safe.
DELIVERY
Will be made at once upon selection of
piano. You do not have to wait yout
"turn." we pay cost of delivery to all
points around the bay.
OLD PIANOS
Will be accepted in part payment and
credited at their full commercial value.
* DOXT DELAY.
Call at once, this morning or this
afternoon, but if you cannot come
either of these times bring the family
down to-night. We will be glad to see
1 you. and thi3 is a matter to which you
must attend at once. Clark Wise &
Co. 126 Geary St.. opp. City of Paris
Dry Goods Co. Store open evenings
this week. '
FALL RIVER MILLS
FEAR NEW STRIKE
Manufacturers Refuse to Re
store the Old Wage
Scale.
FALL RIVER. Mass., Oct. 23. — The
textile situation here is more critical
to-night than it has been at any time
since the great strike last yftimiary.
The Manufacturers' Association, repre
senting all the print cloth mills in the
city, with the exception of those con
trolled by M. C. D. Borden of New
York, held a meeting this afternoon
and voted to refuse the request of the
Textile Council for a direct restoration
of " the wage schedule which prevailed
previous to the 12% 'per cent, reduc
tion of July -25, 1904. The action of
the association will be considered at a
special meeting of the Textile Council
to-morrow night, when It Is probable
the entire matter will be referred to
special meetings on Wednesday even-
Ing of all the unions represented In the
council..
Many of the business men fear, that
another strike will be decided on by
the unions, but at this time .It Is Im
possible to indicate' what action the
operatives will take.
34
DREAM OF LOVE
SUDDENLY ENDS
Wealthy Yuba County Pair,
Whose Wedding Was Bril
liant Affair, Are Divorced
MARRIED FOUR MONTHS
Marysville Society Circles
Surprised by Row Between
Hop Grower and His Wife
UARY6VILJ«B. Oct. 21-Society circles
la Yuba County were surprised to-day
to learn that an interlocutory decree of
divorce had been granted to Mrs. Vivian
Roddan Durst from Ralph Haines Durst,
No on« knew that the action for divorce
had been commenced until Judge Mc-
Daniel gave the decree this morning.
The couple were married at Wheatiand
on Juae 22 of this year. The wedding was
a brilliant society event. The groom is
one of the wealthiest men in Yuba Coun
ty, owning large hop yards at Wheat
land. He had a tine home rebuilt and
Installed an automobile and other lux
uries for his bride. After the wedding
they went to Portland and other points
north and then to Southern California.
This month they were to leave for a
year's tour of Europe.
Mrs. Dunst was formerly Miss Vivian
Roddan, daughter of W. B. Roddan, who
owned a large hop yard at Wheatland
until adversities came. The family re
moved to Colorado and there Miss Rod
can married a merchant named Cameron.
He died within a year and soon after his
death a daughter was born to his wife.
She returned to her parents in
end the marriage to Durst followed.
The property affairs of the couple wert
adjusted out of court and no alimony
was asked. ...V" \u25a0 " '':\u25a0 "
OFFICERS ARE CHOSEN
BY RAILROAD COMPANY
Directors of Red Bluff aiid
Fall River Line Hold
Election.
RED BLUFF. Oct. 21— The directors of
the Red Bluff and Fall River Railroad
to-day elected the following officers: G.
iL King, president; D. E. Mills, vice pres
ident; James S. Ramage, secretary, and
H. S. Gans, assistant secretary. The
tompany will build a road from this city
to Fall River Miils, by way of Shingle
town, which will tap the immense tim
ber belt lying 1 between these two ter
minals.
GIRL SAYS SHE DID
• NOT KILL FATHER
Miss Accused of Murdering
Her Parent by Brother
Denies Guilt.
PORTLAND, Oct. 23. — A special dis
t>atch from Jacksonville, Ore., says that
tvhen confronted with the statement of
Jier brother that she had murdered
their father, Dora Jennings Insisted
that she did not commit the crime. The
fcirl is apparently indifferent to the
charge made by her brother and re
fuses to go into details regarding her
knowledge of the tragedy. At the cor
tner's inquest she stated that she found
fcer father dead when she awoke on the
fnorning following the murder, but how
he came to his death she could not
State. "I heard no sound, no shot, no
noise, nor any disturbance whatever.*
the said during the inquest.
We started in the sign-painting business with
a pot or two of paint, brains- and a sincere belief
that we could paint better signs than any oiie else
in the town (the~ belief is a certainty now). But
the merchant, with the weather-beaten excuse, for
a sign, wanted more than a belief— he wanted a
guarantee. We gave it to. him, and we give it to
you in this wise: Pay us so much a montH for
twelve months. If your sign holds its freshness; as
we sayit' will, all well and good. If it does not,
why, you have us where v the hair grows short. V
f • Your sign needs painting— our kind of
painting; the kind that is guaranteed. >
Cash or so much a month.
. "Your customers think ypuuoqght to paint- your
sign. If you agree with thrm, telephone* Exchange
\u25a0 ; -W- .- -.' ' ' \u25a0' . "" \u25a0^\u25a0SS
FEAR TEAMSTER
WAS MURDERED
People of Two Counties Are
Aroused by Mysterious Dis
appearance of a Driver
FIND GOODS ON KOAD
Evidence of Foul Play Found
on Highway Along Which
Missing Man Had Driven
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Oct. 23.— The mysterious
disappearance of Charles X>ampley of
Hoagly, Trinity County, is just now the
chief siibject of discussion in that
neighborhood and people from two
counties are endeavoring to unravel
the mystery surrounding the teamster's
disappearance.* JLampley left Hoagly
last week for Carlatta, Humboldt Coun
ty. A few days later the merchandise
with which his wagon was loaded was
found scattered along the road for a
couple of miles, but j Lampley had dis
appeared as if the earth had opened
and swallowed him.
Half a hundred men are now search
ing every nook and corner along the
route. There is one thing that, points
strongly to foul play. At one point ia
the road and near the place where the
merchandise was first found a double
set of footprints were discovered and
evidences of a struggle were 'seen.
SEATTLE GUARDSMEN
QUARREL AT BUTTS
Captain of Militia Bandies
Words With Major and
Is Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The CaJL
SEATTLE, Oct. 23.— As a result of an
angry discussion over the use of the
rifle range that took place between Ma
jor Otto A. Case of the National Guard
and Captain William M. Inglis, on the
rifle range at Orillla yesterday afternoon,
the latter officer was placed under arrest
and will probably be court-martialed.
Major Case placed him under arrest, and
this morning hurried to Olympia to pre
fer charges against him of conduct unbe
coming an officer and a gentleman.
Whatever may be the decision of the
adjutant general, the affair will not end
without causing- a factional fight in local
guard circles that bodes no good for the
organization.
Colonel Lamping's friends advised him
to-day to take some steps to punish Ma
jor Case for what they consider a slight
in taking the trouble over the head of
the commanding: officer.
CABLE TO ALASKA
IS OF LITTLE USE
May Have to Be Replaced
at an Expenditure of
SEATTLE, Oct. 23.— The cable ship
Burnside returned to this port for coal
to-day, reporting new and serious
faults in the Alaskan t cable between
this city and Sitka of euch a nature
that all communication with Alaska is
cut off until the Burnside can return
to northern waters and repair ' the
faults. The line will be out of com
mission for at least five or six days.
The entire cable from Seattle to Sitka
is pronounced by experts to be of poor
quality and it may have to be replaced
by a new one at a cost of a half mil
lion dollars.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^OGTOBER 24, 1905.
FIFTY YEARS AGO THEIR
CHIRCH WAS ESTABLISHED
SANTA ROSANS PUN JUBILEE
Pioneer Woman to
Attend Cele
bration: ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I SANTA ROSA, j. Oct.. 2L— The members
of . tho First Presbyterian Church " of thia
city ; will celebrate, during the coming
week, the- golden Jubilee of the estab
lishment: of Presbyterianism in Santa
| Rosa, with' appropriate exercises extend
ing over . several days^ Rev. James
"Woods, . who came to the" coast from New-
York in ' 1849, visited this in Oc^
j tobef, 1855,, arid! began" to hold Preaby
[ terian \u25a0 services arid frbm this start the
present church, resulted 1 ; although it was
not organized j until ] some I years later. ;
The jubilee celebration is to be of | a
social nature and a \ very interesting pro
gramme has-been prepared for the occa
sion.. Friday evening will be -a
famiiy reunion jind banquet. Sunday the j
Rev. J. S. s Mclntosh* D. ,D. t president:; of
\u25a0 the Sin Anselmo Theological Seminary
I at: San Rafael," will preach an anniver
| saryijerjnon,- while- the Sunday schools
| and Christian Endeavor societies will
hoid special; commemorative services.
Monday evening there will ! be -a- public
service at which , many_ of the ministers
of the denomination from ' other : parts"
\of the State will \be present "and as
\u25a0 Bist. - ' - " ' . '.. ' ' . . -'.- . \u25a0•" '• \u25a0 - :
An" interesting feature of the celebra
tion will be the presence of Mrs. Jane Hood
Spencs,; the i only member of the '.church
\u25a0to-daj*:who was here at' the organization."
Miss Hood, •as | she . was then, , came jto
this' valley in September in 1855, and lived
in a tent with her parents on the banks
of thei Santa Rosa Creek. At that time
there were only two buildings here— a
hotel , and a blacksmith "shop. She mar
ried in' 1856 and joined the. new church
when it was organized and, ha 3 been an
honored member ever since. She resides
here' with the family of her son-in-law,
J. M. Dickson. • .
The pastor of the. church, the Rev. Wil
liam Martin, M. A., came here in July,
18?5. ' -.-•\u25a0'.
FIGHT AFTER SEVEN
YEARS' ENGAGEMENT
Suit for Breach of Promise
Ends a Long Court-
Special D!sp* :ch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Oct. 23.— After an,, engage
ment extending over a period of seven
years, Mrs. Jennie . Leaman of this, city
and Alexander Thompson of Everett
could not agree and to-day the' woman
began a suit, alleging breach of promise
and praying for $10,000 damages. Mrs.
Leaman is the owner of the Seal Rock
Hotel of this city, and Thompson is a pile
driver and bridge man of Everett, having
many interests In that city, where he has
lived* for years. Mrs. Leaman has been
a resident of this city for. six .'years.
Thompson says he. is perfectly willing to
marry his -sweetheart, .butyls, not quite
ready yet. He " is worth about $50,000.
Dies While Traveling.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 23.— E. J. Reed,
a young man, apparently about 28 years
of age and registering from Sacramen
to, died suddenly this . morning at
Clarke's Hotel, Tehachapi._ He was suf
fering from tuberculosis, and the high
altitude ' forced binv from. last night's
Santa Fe train to" consult a physician.
ROME. Oct. 23. — The Hope to-day received
In private .audience Rev. victor. Day. Vicar
General of the- diocese . or Helena; Mont., and
other church dignitaries. . .' .*..\u25a0•
PIONEER WOMAN WHO ATTEND
: ED FIRST PRESBYTERIAN
CHURCH IN SANTA ROSA. \u25a0
REDWOOD GIANT
REFUSES TO DIE
UKIAH, Oct. L'3.— A redwood tree
that refuses to die even after it has
been cut down is a phenomenon that
has been discovered by Frank Brown
6f Philo on his timber claim:-In.select
ing a -tree for cutting into shakes a
few months ago he felled a monarch of
the forest, that was more than 200 feet
tall and about eight feet In diameter at
the base. On returning to the tree re
cently to put 'his shingle crew to work
he was surprised to see several fresh
limbs. Investigation j proved that the
limbs were really, small trees that were
growing out of the fallen monster. Be
side; those- that had already attained
considerable' growth, there were "a
numbeV of others that were Just peep
ing through the bark. ,;
Another peculiarity about the tree; is
that Jthe cut from it have no
sap \in them and are as light as the
thoroughly -seasoned product. ".. This is
the first case on, record where a red
,wood 'completely' severed, 'from, the
stump hias commenced newgrowth, and
the; problem is a puzzler to old woods
men. The tree yielded about 30,000
shakes. ' . • \u25a0 \u25a0' \u25a0'.
LEAPS TO RESCUE
OF A FAIR CO-ED
Girl Saved From Death by
Plucky Student of Nevada
Uhiversity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Oct.. 23.— Miss Amy Parker, , a
sophomore at* the University of- Nevada;
was . this morning saved ; from "a . watery
grave 'by \ the heroic action . of " W.. J.
O'Brien, a member ,of^ the senior, class.
Miss Parker, in company ; with two other
co-eds, was . crossing the bridge which
spans a deep irrigating ditch ; on" the
university campus when she was pushed
against" the railing of the, bridge by her
companions. The railing: gave -way and
Miss Parker plunged i headlong into about
eight feet of I icy water. She . disappeared
entirely frbm ,' view *_ for several seconds
and finally came; to the surface, gasping
for breath and nearly overcome. O'Briwi
heard the, screams'* of the, other, girls and
rushed to the scene. :He plunged; in and
succeeded in rescuing. Miss Parker from
the ditch. She *was carried to the girls'
dormitory and 'soon revived." '
MEVXESOTA IS FASTER THAN . ;
SIBERIA IS THEIR -..CLAIM
'Northern Steamnhlp ' Company Wants
Senate f to} lnveMlsatr the Mail
Carrying: Quest lon. "" ' '.::
'"SEATTLE, Oct. ? 2 3.— United States
Senator Piles has; been ask«d to de
mand an" investigation by the Senate
of alleged discrimination on: the part
of the ' " Postofflce \u25a0 Department iln
handling trans-Paclflc mails. .The^-al
leged _ discrimination is against 'the
Great . Northern ' Steamship^Company's
fleet, which is now threatened with : a
second loss of heavy niail shipments.
The allegation lslmade that the steam
ship Siberia.vwhich sails al day 'earlier
than the Minnesota; does \l not -reach
Yokohama until' three days; later than
the Minnesota." The postal ; department
has ordered the' mails ; sent on the Li
beria; . ; ';' j'-:;,:' : ".".;*•\u25a0
LOOKING" FOR MAN WHO .THIED
TO B URN LOS GATOS : WAREHOUSE
Santa Clara t County f Sheriff and Depu
.. " tie* : Expect \u25a0- to " Arirent f! Miscreant "
'•*.\u25a0:'.\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0*\u25a0'.'".' tn" a: Few : Days. .; ; y j\ _] [ '-'.
SAN JOSE, "\u25a0 bci: > 23.— Sheriff ; Ross "and
his ', deputies"! are "searching ; f oi^ a 5 clew ;to
the incendiary^ who* attempted to ' fire the
ware house of H. D. Curtis at L,6»'Oatos
early; Sunday morning. Curtis declares
that ' he * has ;- no enemies "i who : would | fire
the*place'i and has been 1 unable to furnlih
a clew.' ; The Sheriff's];force ;has" a^ man
under > suspicion,'? but^as] yet have not ' se
"cured' evidence? enough r:,tO;^warrant 5 , an
arrestl : It is' believed; an arrest will \u25a0\u25a0be
made in the- next da v, or two. t : . - r .
Dle» While Ont ; Hunting.
.WATSONVILLE, ; Oct. 23.— 0. 4H.: P.
Sheets, traveling j representative j of ., the
Pacific .Coast: Hardware ;; and/; Steel
Company, of i San j Francisco, ;died sud
denly at ah early hovirithis| rmorning
while hunting;6n ;the, preserves ;of- the
Empire Gun Club. He was seized, with
an attack of heartfailure.
Woisld Determine \. CUy Limits.
s•• SAN : \; JOSE. I- Oct. r< 23.'— A I. > r petition
signed "by,* 1200 voters^ calling;;: forjan
election toVdetermine the x extension;. of
the city < limits ,f was r presented *" to_S the
Mayor- and ;Common^.Councll : -at ; this
«vening's^ meeting^; ,: '
- :ii Lash's jKldriejr- and [ Li ver. Bitters expel
all 4 poisons and \u25a0 impart renewed flif e end
energy to the whole system •
YOUNC TRIAL
NEARS ITS END
Testimony Is Now In and All
to Sum Up the Evidence
WEST WANTS TO TALK
Prosecutor Refuses to Sub
mit Case With Argument,
Though Defense Is Willing
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO,- Oct. 23.— As Judge Advocate
West did not announce the length of time
which'will | be, required by him to sum up
the evidence submitted by. the; prosecution
in . the 'Young , court-martial case, 1 , now
nearingits end at Mare Island, , lt is im
possible at: this time to state Just how,
many more days will be required to com
plete the court-martial, : but it is believed
that the trial will come to , an end before
the, close of the' present -week.
.To-day's session di<T<not witness . any
sensational •" develoiiments. The business
; transacted was of a general routine na
ture. : The registered package containing
the scales, which - had been sent to - the
Navy Department by the board of in
quiry that sat at San Diego, having ar
rived , from .Washington,-. in- answer to the
request of the^ prosecution, 'was opened
and formally examined by the members
of the board. Relying on the rights of
the prosecution; as laid out in the naval
regulations, ; Judge/Advocate West intro
duced two witnesses in - rebuttal of the
testimony f of ; Young, but their evidence
was of such a nature that it did not .ma
terially add to the prosecution's claims.
•»At the opening of the afternoon session
Commander \u25a0-. W. .H. * Allderic verified his
previous testimony and then it "wai an
nounced that the hour for the .beginning
of the* summing up of the testimony had
arrived. . Jildge Gear for the defense an
nounced that it was "wining ."'owing to the
length x of': the trial, .to submit the case
without. argument, if this was agreeable
to Judge Advocate iWest.* West stated
that he was there ;to j perform a duty,
though it be unpleasant 'and j Irksome,
and that he intends -to" sum up .the evi
dence as required jby I the naval regula
tions, f Judge Gear said that he had only
received the "notes of : Friday's and Sat
urday's session this morning and asked
for time. He was granted .until to-mor
row morning. . :'\u25a0" -*.
RENO'S < 4 BEST MAN"
AAICTIM OF CUPID
Nevada Man Who Stood Up
for 1700 Couples Is
Wedded.
El tcifc* Dispatch to The Call.
REXO Oct. 23.— George .W. Cheek, who
is known in this city; as I the professional
"best man." because he had, officiated in
that capacity at more" than 1700 "weddings,
was married to-day to ; Miss Marie Ten-;
nant of Susanviile, Cal. During the rush
to this city several years ago . of couples
from California who under the divorce
laws of- their own State could not legally
marry. Cheek, - who was employed at the
Riverside Hotel, was called upon so many
tlmes; that it was considered a wedding
was not fashionable without his. presence.
Cheek has^acted as best man for as many
as ten couples in: one day.
PEOPLE OF REDDING
.BELIEVE IN PROGRESS
Vote to Bond City for $145,
000 toMake Needed lin-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
REDDING. Oct. 3.— Redding's streets
are ablaze with bonfires to-night and
people are displaying enthusiasm -over
the results" of - the . municipal bond elec
tion. By. a vote of .ten to one the elec
tors decided "to : bond 'the v city for.
$145,000 to- extend- the sewer system,*
put all 'streets in good condition' and
erect 1 a city hall. In -May a $130,000
issue carried, but the. low. rate of inter
est prevented a sale of the bonds. The
present issue is 5 per cent. The total
votecast to-day was 402 with but 39
against the issue, i
WISHES FOR SUDDEN
DEATH AND GETS IT
Heart Disease Claims Pio
neer Who Would Die v
Like His Friend.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, - Oct. 23.— J. O. Sher
wood of Brighton,' near this city, read of
the "death from -heart ; ; disease. *of hia
friend,"- Charles * E." Spencer, a newspaper
route; agent" of -Sacramento, and re-^
marked, when his tlme : came, he; wanted
to pass away In" Just such a manner. 1 ;He
wasHheh" In i apparently: good /health; but
within two hours he 1 had an attack' of
heart 'disease and \ passed away." Sher
wood ' was a native of New York,* and
crossed : the * ; plains '- in i 1850,' in -i company
with John !P. Irish." * He- organized > the
first schooraistrlct in Sacramento County.
NETV FI.VER;MAYABB:PUT
: \u25a0"' ON B V N TO LOS ANGELES
Southern r Pacific Said to Be Contem
' -"platlnjf? ..Traih^ to -Compete
.With; Santa Fe.
, SAN JOSE,. Oct. 23.-^-Unusual, activity
in connection with i the '-broad -gauging
of the Southern tracks^toi Santa
Cruz and ; applications * for t an \ eighty^
foot fight-of-way'iapparently;for a cutf
6ff{fro"m Mayfleld to a. point near, Campf
bells ; has S led \to \ the report that "the
Southern? Pacific Company- is preparing
to put ;* a ; "LbSjV Angeles ' Flyer", to -. run
by \u25a0 way . of.; Sanita ! , Cruz rand I Monterey,
cutting- out V this > bity>: The new rout%
it is ~l said, y would "clip; several" . hours „ off
the 'present time and enable the com
pany to compete successfully with the
Santa\Fc .'\u25a0?:-
CARELESS HUNTER I S KILLED
;'\u25a0"; :ON RANCH NEAR RED BLUFF
RED BLUFF; 1 Oct. , ] 2S-— Clarence
Balch was instantly;: killed "yesterday
by the accidental discharge ;o; of ': a ; shot-,
gun v at . the W/; E^ s Mllleri ranch, \ about
thirty-flve"miles 'south ."of ' Red ,: Bluff.
Balchf and fa' companion : were starting
for.'the mountains /on a hunting trip.
Balchf attempted :1 to \ pull l his • gun- out
of a* wagon,* and it' was • discharged, the
charge'passlrigLthroughihis neck; kill
ihglßiTn?lristantly. • This" is -the second
"accidental |death In % the £ Balch ' f amil y.
Sthel last foccurringi in"; almost the; same
manner" af short- time; ago. : " ;
~ Oakland Contractor Drop* Dead.
SAN DIEGO. - Oct. i 3.— L. N. : Mantell.
an contractor, dead
•on", Fifth t street t to-night, 'He \u25a0. leaves ; a
family^ «n iOakland ; r '\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0. V " v
WED SECRETLY
IN RENO CITY
Man Claiming to Be Heir to
Large^Madrid Estate -Mir
ries San Francisco; Girl
AFFAIE IS MYSTEEIOUS
Local Spanish \ Consul Says
He Knows Nothing About
the Jlillioris of the Groom
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
RENO, Oct. 23,---Antonio Mico of San
Francisco, I but late of Madrid. Spain, and
Miss j Inez ) Faucompre of San ' Francisco
were married .by .Judge .Pollock- in the
Justice's Court in this city this "after
noon. The wedding ceremony was wit
nssed by District Attorney Craig and
George Etchart'of the Commercial Hotel.
Antonio Mico is a very rich man,' accord
ing to his own : words, and on accqunt of
objections of his family In Madrid , and
the* objections of the parents •of Ine*
Faucompre to the match they, came^ to
this , ctty to be married. Mrs. Mtco" speaks
several languages and Is of Spanish birth.
\u25a0 She' said her fyut'band is soon to Inherit
a large ;. fortune in Spain, and if ! their
marriage was made public he would for
feit \u25a0 his right - to " the estate. § " L
," The property, both people asserted. Is
worth several milliona. They, fear that
the marriage will come to the 'notice of
the Spanish Consul. - *
Spanish. Consul O. M- -Oo!<iaxacena of
this city . last I night [ said \u25a0 that ( Mico wa3
Introduced 'to him about- five months ago.
He understood at that time that Mico
had come from Madrid, and thought from
what Mico told him^ that- he intended
starting ah eder, Jai • game here. Mico's
letters \ come addressed care of the Con
sul,'but Mico himself does not come to
get them— he always sends a messenger.
Consul ( Goldaracena has not seen Mico
for several months, and has never heard
of the, alleged estate worth several;mil
lions that Is supposed to be .'coming to
Mico. ; The Consul never heard of Miss
Inez Faucompre.
GRAND JURY SCORED
BY MA YOR WORSWICK
San Jose's Executive Does
Not Like Tone of Inquisi
tors' Report.
Special Dispatch to The> Call.
SAN JOSE, . Oct. 23.— Mayor Worswlck
In a message to the City Council this
evening referred in scathing terms to the
communication received 'last week from
the Grand Jury | requesting the Council
to pass an ordinance prohibiting the op
eration of \u25a0\u25a0 poolrooms. He declared the
communication, intemperate, undignified
and insulting and declares that its mo
tives: are of political nature. He stated
that- it has always been the aim of j the
city government to abolish gambling and
other - evils and declares poolrooms are
not. now in operation and when they are
it will be- time, to pass a law against
them.
He recommended . that „ the. Grand \ Jury
communication be referred to the iCty
Attorney for investigation •to see , If the
matter, could hot be taken to the Superior
Court and its authors held responsible for
its publication.: The. matter was so re*
f erred.' - . »
BANK THIEVES FOILED '
BY PLUCKY MANAGER
Three Men Caught Trying tv
Break Into Financial
'Institution.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MIDWAY. B. C, Oct. 23.— A bold at
tempt to hold up "Eastern
bank last Saturday evening "was I frus
trated by the: vigilance" and. pluck, of Man
ager. Moe. Seeinir" three suspicious look
ing men in the neighborhood of the bank
during the evening. Moe' shadowed them
for some time. * He made several Inef-"
fectual attempts to find an officer and at
half- past - nine went around the
bank, which Is a one story wooden build
ing, and surprised three, men at work
endeavoring to effect an entrance thr6ugh
the door, one p'anel^'of which was partly
cut away. He opened fire at them; which
they;, returned and then " ran toward the
foot I bridge { leading | to' the ferry. It is
believed one man was wounded" as groans
were heard not far away, a little later by
neighbors. , - .
SUN^S RAYS SET^FIRE
TO A REDDING HOME
Glass Cpneentrates Heat and
a Costly Blaze Is
Result,
Special Dispatch to The CalL
REDDING, Oct. 23.— The residence of
Perry W. Mark in the Mistletoe district
across the river from Redding. was de
stroyed by fire to-day.'entailing, a loaa
of $4000., The family wa3 clean Ing. up
preparing to move to "Redding and a
couple of glass bottles had
been left on a" table near a window.
The 'sun's rays reflecting * through the
glass set . the ,'\u25a0 table .' on fire . and . Mark,
who ; was in his garden several hundred
yards away, "did not.reach ; the house in
time to ; save : even -a , piece of the fam
ily's clothing. i_
PM^ffliSl I DISEASES OF REN
I J*?** 9 comfbrtJof-fa , vv^al [' OwHtdmi^«rnaßp.t«Ml«r««^»**«»<l«
i ClnettCoatSblrtbe-/ ;N-\; N -\ '•'- .J for th«cert4iln»na*p^aycur*^< »itw<n»
.; j:inB when you star: ; * -;\-j "1 BggCmri. 'i PlU».' Pl— « r^U*^ >mh«
.to. get into It ".;. Ask- 1 I •\u25a0• Debility tad CratnrM Mw*4«<«
year dealer for tha - "^ \u25a0» Htesrd I ' UTt w °i> for as itttißi*M>ti «t i»<*Ww%
: • - --• \u25a0 ; \u0084 - \u25a0? ,W&N|g Ml»latrom paiienu wS»o &*<\u2666 "i*m \u25a0&}.-*>£,
&^ -^ "' a |Hn V«rf €•€•!•.\u25a0 we tr««t' *y ««*\u2666 %s*,jf^.««»i.
%fL "MtJ^fir- :'\u25a0"._' /y»* "^ Hyjl "' \V^ «»»«»• ***»<«» *.»>*.4i«*f*v*- i <r»
\li\\^'???ljS&£jk\ l i\\^'???1jS&£jk£ l *4 )/\ls k »>ll ! ' 9 ror *& * French «:•»•• l<* ***¥.*^»»«'^
jj ? ':: 1 >| fc ''»-.. J -.. i..."^!r '-.•. • 4*ZT^ ;1 % I|tl+'|i \u25a0 I^j»r»«l Pr»»»»t» tMM > m. 'V%,V**j«wf.
" mmr—— — ' _-MRJ ' «ttfftnhftroiß W««k«««»*SM'*<K^'lS\VMpp*
ivS'-vUA'Ir "fi *»" *c «i I ourWdAy'ttpedAltPrkl****.-*^^^^'-*^
h '.-. ;^,___,^__, .' *,-'\u25a0* -• .P3kl : c»»rt deseriWat Uw «•»*»> *»A».S*^»^*>*** :
151 &HTDT '\u25a0 '•"• Ball Vlullijr akd WmHioi*, *<k<**^ «****
[ 5 \u25a0 - ; -:.^* ***>-\u25a0\u25a0 . ,- V^-* c -- V'-'^p^l cured ia oaed*? te* tfe« fVM*ik te^*4**><
M 51.50.nnd up, in white v -^-^ffl t ** d »rri*f»«««v .^•«»»-^ •
•or color- tost patterns. Bgyaral ' nn Vll \u25a0i« \u25a0 .
CLUETT.PEABODY*cb..Traj.N.Y. M^raf THE DHa TALGuTT COt
i ; L*Tgest rnaitrs of Shirt* »nd CoUm« BT^aEt • %t±/% mv wi—f „--»•
Baking Powder
Arm dliTdC
lightest
most
delicious
and
tasty
hot biscuit a
GRAND JURY LEGAL
BODY, SAYS COURT
Important Decision Is Ren
dered in an Attempt to
Quash Indictments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 23.— 1n the proceedings
to quash the Ipdlctments against Presi
dent D. O. Druffel and J. C. McPherson.
members of the Board of Trustees of ths
town of Santa Clara, Judge Welch he!c
to-day that the Grand Jury which found
the Indictments was a legally constituted:
body. Attorney Nicholas Bowden raised
the point that the jury went out of
existence on May 13. when the new
amendment to the law went Into effect,
and also that some of the members were
disqualified from acting, as they had
served en juries within a year from the
time they were drawn as grand Jurors.
The court held that the new law did not
apply to the Jury, as It was already Im
paneled.
TRIES TO BURX HIS WAT OUT
OP CELL IX SALIXAS JAIB
SELMA, Oct. 23.— Richard Rowland,
a. prisoner in the city Jail, endeavored
to burn his way, to. freedom to-night.
He had been thrown into a eel* for be
ing Intoxicated. Chinese saw the fire
and .turned a hose through a crack: in
the door, thoroughly wetting* down the
place, and the Fire Department ' com- ;
pleted the^work. Rowland : was left, in
his wet Quarters to sober up. '*'*,', J^t
Read this Letter
San Dimas, Cal. •
"en. Levy & Co., Boston. Mass.:
. Gentlemen,— Please find enclosed
one dollar, for which forward to m v
address two boxes of Lablache Face
Powder, one pink, one white. I have
used Lablache Face Powder for
more than five years and have found
it to be perfect. It excels anj other
powder in a climate like Southern
California and for a beach excur-
sion. Address Miss -— — -,
(Los Angeles Co.) San Dimas, Cal.
We have thousands of letters of
similar character from all over the
world testifying to its efficacy. . -
Lablache Face Powder
is the greatest of all beautifiers. Be-
ware :of dangerous counterfeits or "
substitutes. The genuine bears the
signature of "Ben. Levy** in red
across the label of the box.
Flesh. White. Pink or Cream,' mx.
. \u25a0 * box. \u25a0 Sold everywhere, or by mail.
BEN. LEVY & CO., French Perfumers.
125 Kingston Sc. Boston, Maaa.
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Cleanse? and beautifies the
teeth and purifies the breath.
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
• Convenient for tourists,
PREFAASD iV
-j^ G? \ *fin% f*DR. WHITE TAKES MISS HELEN BRUNE AS BRIDE
innity Church JUavishly Decorated for Occasion of Society Event
TRIES TO EXD LIFE
AFTER A QUARREL
Little Agnes Wright Swal
lows Acid in Bitterness
of Despair.
The girlish brain of Agnes Wright of '
713 Minna street evolved the idea that
suicide was the proper cure for her hurt |
feelings, and she swallowed a bottle of
carbolic acid last night at her home. Ow- ;
ing to the Quick work of Dr. Glover at j
the Central Emergency Hospital, her aim
was thwarted and she will recover.
Scarcely years of age and pretty,
Agnes" Wright quarreled with her brother
and was found a few minutes later In her
room writhing on the floor, with the sears
of the acid on. her mouth and face.. Her
brother -says the altercation was a small
one. He asked his sister to come to sup
per. She appeared despondent and re
i plied that she did not want any sup
per. Her brother upbraided her and left
her in her room. The family deny that
there was any cause for the deed, but the
fact that the acid was purchased yester
day afternoon is ominous. A trifling love
affair would perhaps be the most likely
cause of the attempted suicide. A young
man who professed to be her "steady"
hovered near her cot at the hospital last
* night, dispensing kisses and exhibiting
marked affection. The child will recover.
_^ DQA.VS PILLS.
DOHT GOJT BLM
There's Ho Need to in San Francisco—
Tie Way Is Almost Heipd
s i Witt Guide Fosts.
Have you ever read a newspaper
article — a glowing account of some
incident, told in elusive words to lead
• you on — and found it ended up with a
proprietary medicine advertisement?
Annoyed you. didn't it? And were
you convinced of the merit of the ar-
ticle? We think not, because it told
the "experience of some stranger in a «
far-away town. To take his word for j
it was like "going it blind." It's a j
very different thing when a statement
is presented from a citizen, from peo-
ple j'ou know; and that's the case
here.- T ;\u25a0** V
Joseph P. Jackson of 2 Rose ave-
nue, now retired, says: "Of all. the]
remedies' l ever used for my back and |
Sidneys none took effect so promptly j
or acted so thoroughly as Doan's Kid- |
ney Pills. Fur years I had trouble 1
with my back, and latterly it ached j
all the time. I dreaded to stoop on j
account of the acute twinges which !
shot across m}' loins when I attempt- I
cd to straighten, and. many, a -time I I
was compelled to place my hands on j
the small of my back and press them j
into my loins for the slight assistance {
that makeshift afforded. Two boxes j
of Doan's Kidney Pills stopped the
backache and .positively removed
other symptoms of sluggish or over- j
excited kidneys. I am only too j
pleased to recommend a preparation j
upon which the public can rely. j
For sale by all dealers. Price, 50,
cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, j
X. V., sole agents for the United;
j States.
Remember the name — Doaas — and
take no substitute.
EXAMINE YOUR DENTIFRICE
Add and grit, deadliest enemies of the
teeth; abound in. cheap dentifrices. Fine per*
fumes do not make fine dentifrices. Your
tseth deserve better of you than to be offered
up si sacrifice to your pocketbook.
SOZODONT
af proven vahie. Sixty years is a pretty
pood test. No acid, no grit in Sozodont.
The Liquid penetrates the little crevices and
purifies them; the Powder gives a bright
tr.d polished surface.
• FORMS : LIQUID. POWDER, PAST*
BOY IS DRAGGED
FOR HALF BLOCK
Little George Eickhorst Is
Fatally Injured While
Riding Horse Down a Hill
George Eiekiiorst, a lad. scarcely 10
years of age living at 2931 Pierce
street, was thrown trom a horse yes
terday evening and after being drag
ged, for a half block his skull was so
badly crushed that he died a few hours
later. The fatality happened on De
visadero street, near Filbert, about 4:30
p. m. Special Policeman Otis Berge
was riding on a Union-street car and
witnessed it. He ran to the aid of the
I injured boy and taking the child in his
arms hurried him to the Central Emer-i
gency Hospital. Drs. Glover and Frank
Tillman operated immediately, but the
injury was so great that the b<sy died
about 10 o'clock last night.
Little George Eickhorst begged hia
father for a pony. To satisfy the lad's
craving for'an animal, the father, who
conducts a grocery at Greenwich and
Pierce streets, bought the horse. This
was a month ago. Since that time the
boy. had spent all of his leisure mo
ments on the baejk of his pet. People
in the neighborhood say that young
Eickhorst rode recklessly down the
hills about his home.
No eyewitness to the start of the
fatal runaway could be found. The
general impression and the one offered
i by the father is that the horse slipped
I in going down the Dcvisadero street
hill. Young Eickhorst was thrown
from his saddle. When seen by Special
Policeman Berge, the boy was bound
ing over the rough cobbles, one of his
feet securely held in the stirrup. The
rocks crushed the small skull into an
almost unrecognizable mass. His "body
was a mass of bruises. When Berge
rushed to the injured boy's side, the
lad was unconscious. '-\u25a0•\u25a0:«"*.*.
F. G. Eickhurst, the father of the
boy, broke down at the. hospital and
\ blamed himself for buying the horse.
POLICE imiSAK UP MEI3TING.
Socialists Arc ArrcMcd for Complaining
of Attack From Iled-Buttoncd
Kowdleal
It appears that the love of disorder
and riot displayed by the rowdies of.
the Ruef administration has the aid
and approval of the Police Department.
The following complaint has been re
ceived by The Call and is published as
the signed statement of George Wil
liams, organizer of the local San Fran
cisco Socialist party, with headquarters
at 831 Howard street. Mr. Williams'
statement is as follows:
Tv/o Socialist iiieakere were arrested last
night at Hush and Koarny streets.' .For the
laet two w^eks these- street meetings have b«en
disturbed by roughs and Fonmitz button men.
From tli«} roof o' the Kire lXjpartment building
on Uus-h street rotten tomatoes, . Incandescent
light Rlobt-M and other dangerous mlssl lee have
been hurled at these audiences.' I^ast nlglit
the diisturbancfs were kept up as usual. On*
of the speakers appealed to the police for pro
tcntlon at 8:15, but no notice of ft was iak<-n.
At 0:45 the speakers were arrested for "din-
turbing the peace." Bail was furnished by the '
Socialist party, who declare they will hold
meetings there every night and force the
Schmltz police to give- them the protection, they I
are entitled to. G. WILLIAMS, --,
Organizer Socialist ' Party^ : j
PAPAL DELEGATES TOSVUB
LO t'BLT AT SPA IX'S CA PITAL
Instructed Not to Take Part In Official
Ceremonies Incident to tbe
visit. ;
ROME. Oct. 23.— The Vatican author
ities to-day decided to Instruct Mon
signor Rinaldini, the papal hunclo at
Madrid, not to participate in the official
ceremonies , incident to the visit j of
President Loubet. This decision is
lookcd r upon as still further emphasiz
ing "the. Jpitterness felt by the Iloly'See
over what' it considers the persecution
of the church in France.
MADRID, Oct. 23.— President Loubet
arrived-here at 3:30 p. m.'and was:ac
corded. a magnificent reception. King
Alfonso .'met; him at the railroad sta
tion, artillery salutes- were fired and
enormous crowds gave him an ovation.
M. Loubef was conducted to the palace
and later .visited the royal family. The
city is entirely given up to festivities
in honor of the distinguished visitor. ; '
-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCIUIiM; Z4, lyua.
Reception Follows at
Home of the
Bride
Miss Helen Brune and Dr. Fillmore
White were married at Trinity Church
last evening. Through a series of green
arches the bride was led to-tha altar
by her stepfather, Ernest L. Hueter,
and there given over to the keeping of
the groom.
Attending the bride was MI3S Alice
Hueter, a step-sister. Dr. Sumner
Hardy served the groom. Four brides
maids, Miss Tillle Boyken,* Miss Berd
Howe, Miss Matilda Schmidt and Miss
Hilda Beltzer, were -gowned in .pale
pink crepe de chine with wide accord
eon pleated, flounces. . The -maid of
honor were a frock of delicately tinted
pink chiffon, over which was a robe of
cream lace. Bridesmaid roses forming
her bouauet.
The bride, a pure blonde, made a
dainty picture in her long, soft gar
ments of white chiffon cloth over glis
tening satin, with the long tulle veil
reaching to the train's end. An orange
blossom wreath and shower bouauet ot
lilies of the valley completed the' be
coming costume.
•Dr. Clampett performed the ceremony
amid a veritable garden, for the altar
was massed with sweet-scented flow
ers, while the chancel held a luxury
of them set off by the green of palm
and fern.
At the old Hueter home on Howard
street .the wedding reception followed.
The house was lavishly decorated. The
CHARMING GIRL.' WHO BECAME
A BRIDE YESTERDAY AND THE
PRETTY BRIDESMAID.
150 guests were seated at small tables
of six each. _
A^t the bride's round table sat Dr.
and Mrs. Fillmore White. Miss Alice
Hueter, Mi3S Hilda. Peltzer. ' Miss Berd
Howe, Miss Tillie Boyken. Dr. Sumner
Hardy, Dr. Harold Hill, Dr. George Mc-
Chesney, Ernest Hueter and Richard
Mier.
Of the handsome gowns in the
throng none were more striking than
that of Mrs. Ernest L.: Hueter, the
mother of the bride, whose youthful
ness and beautiful appearance is al
ways a matter of comment. Mrs. Hue
ter wore a handsome gown of . cream
lace, the style extremely becoming.
Dr. and Mrs. White will tour the
South, after which they wy*" reside
temporarily in this city, awaiting the
completion of their Mill Valley home.
Herman Lexmrr, 10JJ7 .Market St..
Sells men's all-wool suits for only $8 65.
Spot cash will buy these goods. Go to
some installment house and pay about
$5 down and still owe about $20, but
have no better suit. Don't be a clam,
but come and get your winter suit for
$8 65 at Herman Lesser's, 1057 Market
street. •
WALKS TO NEW YORK.
FEO3I SAN FRANCISCO
Youth Trying* to Reach Italy
to See Dying Sweet
heart.
Special Dispatch to Tile Call.
! NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— A pathetic story
was told to-day by Alfred Decardo, 25
years of age, in the Police Court, where
he was arraigned for having lighted a
j lire in the street. Decardo says he start
ed the fire to keep warm.
"I arrived -from California two day?
ago," said Decardo, "where I 'worked in
the fields for a living. My father, who
was workins with me, : got a. letter from
home one day,* saying 'that a young girl
\u25a0 in Italy whom I loved was going to die
before lonsr. and I was fired with a de
sire to see her. We had been playmates
In childhood, and both grew up with the
idea that we would some day be mar
ried. I walked from San Francisco to
New York. I haven't kept count of
days I have been' on the high road, but
I they were very many. I met with many
hardships. I expected to go aboard a
i steamship when I got here to work my
way across to Italy."
The man's story will be fully investi
gated. ' ~ ! ' _ ,
Tips to ' Travelers.
' If you are a traveling j man *or woman or
one who takes an occasional trip our Leather
Goods DeDartmtnt will interast you. We arc
carload buyers of Trunks. Traveling Bags, Suit
Cases Hat Bo*es, Coat Cases. Telescopes etc..
and sell at carload prices. > Sanborn. Vail &
Co. T4l_ Market street. . ... . *
Pacific \u25a0 Coast \ Postal Changes.
WASHINGTON, Oct.' 23.— V.'.L. Derby
has been appointed "fourth, class, post
master at Barrow, . Alaska, . vice ;h.
Richmond Mar3ha. -John D. ' Smith ;has
been appointed rural carrier "at Los
Angeles (Garvaza section), Joseph f. P.
Robenson. substitute.; _
Bauer's ; Last ' Concert.
Harold Bauer.; the distinguished
pianist, will give. his. farewell concert
in this city at Lyric:. HaflVj- to-morrow
afternoon at half-past 3, [that hour,
having been selected " " to accommodate
students and teachers.." , • ;
• Try the United' States^ Laundry. 1004
Market street. ; Telephone South 420. •
*' ST. PETERS BURG. .-' OctA •"23:— Profesaor
Manulloff. pro-rector of : the . University "of Mos
cow and a Liberal, was to-day.: elected to suc
ceed the late I'rlnce'Troubetsfeoy as rector.
ALCAZAR SHOW
PLEASES ALL
"April Weather" Proves Pop
ular. Smiles and" Tears
Being Frequent in the Play
FUN AT
Girls Ad vertised ; , as Stars
Earn the Titled hy blever
Work -That Is Appreciated
"April A\ eather," a Sol 1 Smith Russell
play, was presented very /successfully
by the Alcazar '" stock T' company* last
evening. The "audience showed its
hearty appreciation of- the: production
by cojitinual applause. .The.play runs
alternately grave and gay or "sun
shine" and 'clouds" as the programme
says.
Charles Waldron is the ' Unfortunate
artist who {swerves from the path of
duty for the sake of his love and finally
conquers himself to set things^rlght at
the last moment. Beautiful -Lucia
Moore ably handles the part- of. Mrs.
Stanton. The role of Miss Carmen is
charmingly filled by-Adele Bclgarde,
who seemed particularly popular .with
the audience. Ncra Rosa, creates all
manner of fun as Maggie Carter and
Lenora . Klrwin in the part of the Bow
ery; girl would make any cross old
business man hold. his sides in ; laugh
ter.
Henry Byers is an unqualified success
as Carman, the millionaire. He looks
like ready money anyway. .The others
of the cast contribute generously , to
ward making a success of the play.
Ollie Cooper and Little Martine, par
ticularly, won their ways to the hearts
of the spectators. Next week comes
Pinero's powerful play/^'lris."
Majestic.
"The County Fair," Charles Bar
nard's whimsical comedy, was revived
last night at the Majestic Theater be
fore a large and delighted- audience.
Well staged, capitally, played and* the
author's wit adequately treated there
were moments of merriment. Frank
Bacon as Abigail Pruc lost none of the
character and humor of the part made
famous by Neil Burgess. He was well
supported by Maude Monroe as Taggs.
"The County Fair" will be given this
evening for the benefit of St^ Agnes
Parish.
(.'alifnrnln.
The Star Show Girls, "Alart Singer,
sole owner and' manager," gave- their
opening performance at the California
Theater last night and "made good!"
Singing, dancing and burlesque are
the attractive features, with some
pretty bits of scenery' and gay cos
tumes thrown in as garnishment. There
is no plot, only a string of specialties.
The girls — twelve of 'them — did an ex
cellent drill. Van Brooke-Lambert
played Tobani's "Hearts and
ers" on the violin and scored a hit.
Miss Ten Brooke, his partner, displayed
a sweet voice In her songs.
Central.
Judging from the hearty reception
given by the audience lust night: .to
"The .Girl Engineer" at ;',ttae Central,
that popular, playhouse has a, big draw
ing card for this week. The drama is
based on actual events, that, led .up to
the big strike In this State in 1593. -. It
is a story of a struggle between
a brave engineer and a. villainous su
perintendent for the love of a pretty
girl. Herschcl Mayall was a manly
railroad engineer, while Edna Ellsmere
added to her laurels bya charming im
personation. • Henry Shumer was the
villain, while George P. Webster gave
a finished portrayal of a half-breed In
dian. James Cofrigan. True'Boardman,
George O. Nicholls, Clare Slnclare, Lil
lian Elliott, Charles Edler. Myrtle Sel
wyn and little Baby Myrtle received
hearty applause for clever, 1 acting. The
play . was superbly mounted and the
scene where "the girl engineer" oper
ated the big locomotive brought down
the house In a tumult of applause.
The Cbiiten.
Frank Hayes, the comedian, who
was such a hit at the recent production
of "Rob Roy" at the . Tivoli. had both
audiences in screams of laughter at the
Chutes yesterday, and Browning and
Wally, the sensational aerial perform
ers from the Orpheum, reduplicated
their O'Farrell-street success. The
Kingsburys proved a pleasing comedy
musical duo, Bob Macauley and Fan
nie Donovan had an interesting sketch
and Steve Jennings, Leona Clifton and
the Animatoscopc' completed an excel
lent programme.. The amateurs will all
appear in tights on Thursday night,
and there will be a cake walk at the
Chutes on Saturday evening, after the
regular performance. !
Preparing: for Munxtrr Benefit.
Preparations are going: on apace for
the monster benefit in aid. of the char
ity fund of the Associated Theatrical
Managers of San Francisco, to • take
place at the Orpheum next Friday af
ternoon at 1 o'clock sharp, and the
sale of reserved -seats, which. began at
the box office of the theater yesterday,
morning, has been even more than up.
to expectations. The. performance will
be continuous, and such an. aggrega
tion of talent as will appear has never
befen gathered together -before in this
city.' Such superb singers as Luisa
Tetrazzini, Gaudenzio" Salassa, Camille
D'Arville, Denis O'Sulllvan and Master
Harold Forman, the wonderful boy so
prano,' have offered .to: raise their
voices in sweet charity's sake, and; A
ndrew Mack and his company will, pre
sent the first act ': of "Tom , Moore."
Charles Waldron and, Lucia Moore, the
Alcazar* leading.,players, will give the
balcony scene fromi'.'Romeo and Juliet,"
and the Pickaninny Band from "In Old
Kentucky"; will discourse, enlivening
music. The '.'All Star Show Girls" will
come over f rom . the Calif orn ia iTheater,
and I the petit comedy in' one . act, "Turn
About Is Fair Play,"' will; be presented
by Miss Edna .. Ellsmere and Messrs.
Herschell Mayall and Henry Shumer of
the Central; Theater, stock' company.
Among the specialties, will .be ; the
Twelve .Broomstick Witches, Raymond
and Caverly, O'Brien and Buckley and
Clayton, Jenkins and Jasper, from the
Orpheum; Frank Hayes.: the ; eccentric
comedian, » from . the Chutes; Lenore
Kirwin, from the Alcazar/ -and % :-True
Boardman, and 'the Central girls. Ros-,
ner's Original Hungarian Orchestra will,
start;. the; affair going, and < Orpheum
motion* pictures'' will ' e conclude the -en
tertainment. . '. .
Emma Eimei Concert.
: Great interest: attaches to thd ,two
concerts . to/be given ;;by, lime.,,' Emma
Eamcs; /America's' foremost \ aopra.no,' at
the Alhambra >, Theater v next \Thursday
evening and Saturday "afternoon. fHer
numbers r. will /: Include .V many*; notable
compositions, , and .the prima dopna'/wlll
be. assisted, by Emilio:de? Gorgoza,?. the
distinguished pianist, \;and .."Josef Hell
man,. the ; eminent ; Dutch /cellist. ,., Seats
are nowion; sale at^Sherman^Clay. v&
Co.'s, 1 and . the audiences 'will '.undoubt
edly be large and fashionable^ ;.
BELASCO OPENS
NEW PLAYHOUSE
Cabinet Members and Diplo
.niats Attend Anti - Trust
Theater in Washington
BLANCHE BATES STAES
California Actress Assumes
the Title Hole in /"The
Girl of the Golden West"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON*, Oct. 23.— The independ
ent theatrical managers, led by. David
Belasco. the Shuberts and Harrison Gray
Fiske, had a brilliant opening of their
new Washington home to-night, when
the Belasco Theater, which stands on
the site of the old Blame house, was
opened, with Miss Blanche Bates In the
title role of the latest Belasco play,' "The
Girl of the Golden West." The audience
was. an unusually brilliant oneancl repre
sentatives of Washington sogiety, includ
ing Secretary of State and Mrs. Root,
Secretary of War and Mrs. Taft, Secre
tary of the : Treasury Shaw, Secretary of
Commerce and Labor Metcalfe, Attorney
General Moody," Admiral Dewey,' Gen
eral Chaffee, a box party in honor of
Mrs. Fairbanks, wife of the Vice Presi
dent; the Russian Embassador, Baron
Rosen; Brazilian Embassador Nabuco
and Madame . Nabuco; : Baron. Moncheur..
the Belgian Minister, and Baroness Mon
cheur; Mr. Takahira, the Japanese Min
ister, and. suite, and Sir Chentung Liang
Cheng, the Chinese Minister, and suite.
Belasco and Miss Bates were given a
hearty reception. In' a speech Belasco
said:
We are happy to b« here again after b»ins:
barred from Washington for the past several
years. I hope the g?oo<t ' people of Washington
will' be ftood to thla little house. We need
your support. We are a handful of men fight
ing the. trust. We want to give back to our
country a decent, a clean stage. The stage
Is a place for the growth of art, not for sweat
shop methods In -commercialism. The stage
cannot pn>sprr under a syndicate. Help us,
then. Heln us to get back the stage I^ester
Wa Hack and August! n Daly left us> Help us
that the managers may assert their manhood
and the artists of -our stage their courage, their
Independence;
The play, whose scenes are laid in the
West, depict? a romance in the rugged
life of the forty-niners, with frequent
thrilling situations characteristic of those
days. It was well staged. \u25a0
Olga Nethersole made her reappearance
In America to-day, after an absence of
more than three years, Inaugurating her
tour at the new National Theater, with
the fli-st performance of "The Laby
rinth," an English version of the French
drama. "Le Dedale." The house was
crowded, the audience Including the
French Embassador. M. Jusserand. and
his suite, who attended in a body in
honor of their countryman, the author of
the play, and other diplomatic represent
atives, i
Miss Nethersohe's American tour will
include visits to Chicago and Canada,
and she will then visit the Pacific Coast
for the first time in her career.
CHICAGO. Oct. 23.— ."The Nazarene." a
new biblical and historical play, received
its first metropolitan "production at the
Studebaker Theater to-night, and was en
thusiastically received by a large crowd,
which included' many of the prominent
Clergymen of Chicago. The company,
which is a large one, is headed by
Charles Dalton^
HAS UNITED
1200 COUPLES
IN MARRIAGE
Clergyman . Organizes
an Anti-Race Sui
' tide Sect.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Nebr., Oct. 23.— An anti-race
suicide sect will be the result of a ser
mon preached, here In the People's Church
yesterday by Rev. Charles \V. Savldge,
its pastor. During Rev. Mr. ; Savidge's
ministerial career he has married 1200
couples. The new organization will start
out* with about 400 members, all from
the list' of nuptial unions made by Mr.
Savidge.
Meetings will be held at stated periods,
and "thexhome and home building" will
ibe the watchword. The problem of in
creasing the population according to the
precepts of President Roosevlt will re
ceive strict attention.
This is the first organization of its kind
in the. United States. Rev. Mr. Savldge
is I the . organizer of the People's Church
Knon-sectarlan) in Omaha, and has for
years-- been: an active worker in the char
itable and philanthropic field. No. name
has yet: been selected for the new so
ciety, but Savidge's Anti-Race Suicide
Club is proposed. Its membership will be
drawn from, all social ranks.
A' Fine Opportunity.
Baron's, , 226 Powell' St., the well
known and' reliable', ladles' tailor, an
nounces that the very best tailor-made
suits in the city can now be had on
most reasonable terms. •
NATION TO ERECT
V TOWNS ON DESERT
Two Cities, Will Soon Be Es
tablished on Wastes -
of Idaho.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— Two towns,
for which: the United States^Government
will i act as sponsor, will be "created noxt
"monthln. Southern; Idaho on sites which
are ' now an absolute desert waste. Names
have already been chosen , for the towns.
Heyburn" for the first, which officially -is
•to be created on November 14, and Rupert
for the second, s which Is ;to v be created
one/ week later.'
: .The .' new " towns will be seven miles
apart."--: Sales of t town : lots will be con
ducted'under Government auspices on the
days : ; the - towns are - erected. The ', lots
will ' be : sold ! to the highest bidder. \u25a0
•\u25a0;. While ; the country is now ; a' ; desert it :
is ;" expected, that .the' great Irrigation'
'canals which the Government^ is ; con- .;
structlng at a , cost ' of $3,000,000 "whT : make -
it r very productive. The towns are ; 16-':,
cated: ori : the recently constructed branch^
of ; the Oregon 1 Short Line Railroad. j
' r if we could suspend. thc>law of cause"
and effect' now *and ;: tlien you, ;could
eafely,»"easc up" on your advertising:
occasionally.
CZAR FACES
NEW CRISIS
Railroad Strike Spreads to
the Factories and May
Soon Place Russia in- a
Position of Helplessness
DEADLOCK REACHED
IN THE SITUATION
Moscow, Commercial Center
of the Country, Isolated,
and a Famine Threatens
the People of the City
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 24.-The rail
road strike situation has now entered
on -a highly ' serious phase. The move
ment is spreading rapidly fo all the rail
roads of the empire, and apparently can
not be stopped, while in many cities it
is communicating itself to the mill and
factory employes. The general strike In
all branches of labor which the Socialists
planned for the end of this year is sud
denly bursting forth of its own volition-
Minister of Finance -Kokovsoff yester
day received \u25a0 a telegram from the gov
erning committee of the Moscow Bourse,
which said that . a continuation of the
strike for a week longer would force
every factory in the Moscow region to
shut down owing to lack of coal, whether
or not the factory hands took part in
the strike. - -•
The same condition of paralysis threat
ens all the trade and industries of Russia
unless the strike is speedily settled. The
inhabitants of Moscow are already feel
ing the effects of the strike In the in
creased prices of food, and they are even
confronted by famine.
As the demands of the men are purely
political. It seems impossible to satisfy
them by mere economic concessions.
Prince Hilkoff, Minister of Railroads, yes
terday strongly appealed to the Moscow
strikers on the basis of his own experi
ences in England and the United States,
but he spoke to deaf ears. The men
talked of nothing but their political
rights, which, of course, the Prince was
powerless to grant.
The situation is apparently at a dead
lock, from which a change can only be
effected by the surrender of one side . or
perhaps the proclamation of martial law
on the railroads. A flood of dispatches
y«ster<Jay from Simbarsk, Saratoff, Vyaz
ma, Poltava, Nizhni Novgorod, Kharkoff,
Smolensk, Kleff. Elizabethgrad, Kazan
and other railroad centers all over Russia
announced a complete tie-up of all trans
portation.
. The last link that bound Moscow, the
commercial center of the empire, with
the outer world, was broken yesterday
afternoon when the men on the Nicholal
road, connecting Moscow with St. Peters
burg., .wtnt on strike. The engineers shut
off steam in, their engines and Prince Hil
koff had great difficulty in obtaining a
crew. for the special jAoln which brought
him to St. Petersburg^^ midnight.
St. Petersburg has one line to the fron
tier and the employes of this line held a
meeting, late last night. to decide whether
or not they, should participate in the
strike movement.
Brigadier General Thomas 11. Barry and
Captain Sidrrcy A. Cloman of the United
States, who have been with the Russian
army- in Manchuria, left "at night for
Vienna on what was perhaps the last
train out of St. Petersburg. Railroad
trains are now running only in the bor
der regions of the empire:
Pathetic scenes are reported from Mos
cow, where thousands of the poorer In
habitants of the adjoining provinces have
been waiting for four days for trains to
take them home. They are camping out
near the railroad stations and in the
streets and many of them are without
money and the necessities of life. :=<.
I The Autotone Piano
J- ; The Autotone- Piano possesses every feature that
I goes to make,: up a perfect combination of piano and
I piano-player, tit may be played, by means of a per-
I f orated musioSroll, by. any one, with perfect expres-
I sion arid 1 technique, and is instantly transformed from
1 the ' ordinary ; upright piano to the piano-player, and
2 vice versa. . HKBB
5 '— The Aiitotone- Piano has. the piano-playing d*evice
I built wholly .within the piano case. It is absolutely
I positive -in its action, easy of operation and, withal,
I a thoroughly^ dependable instrument from any and
I v every viewpoint.
[ .The Autotone- Piano is so reasonable in price that
I it may be easily purchased by persons of most modest
I / incomes. Old pianos will be accepted, as part pay-
I 'ment and our easy payment plan applies. :-.\u25a0'
r9r 93 1 f 933 ' Market St., San Francisco, CaL
Branches: Oakland, Sacramento, San Diego,- Santa Rosa MM
San Jose; Reno, New; Phoenix, Ariz. 99
REMOVING LAST
TRACE OF WAR
Russia and Japan Will
Eesume Diplomatic Be
lhtions Within Six Weeks
CZAR SELECTS MINISTER
M. Bakhmetieff to Repre
sent St. Petersburg "at the
Court of the Mikado
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 23. — Regular
diplomatic relations between Russia
and Japan are expected to be renewed
within six weeks. The Russian Minis
ter to Japan has already been selected
in the person of M. BakhmetleC, the
former Russian diplomatic agent \u25a0In
Bulgaria, who probably will proceed
Immediately to bis post, after an audi
ence with the Emperor on Wednesday.
IHe Is regarded as being: af the best
i type of Russian diplomat. He served
, with distinction at various posts and
while secretary of the legation at
Washington married an American.
During his service at Sofia. 1L Bakh
metieff rendered effective aid to Min
ister Lelshman and Spencer Eddy in th»
case of Miss Helen Stone, by direction
of the authorities here.
It is understood that the n«vr Jap
anese Minister to Russia has already
been selected and that his name will
be announced within a week.
M. Bakhmetieff married Miss Mary
Bate of Washington, who. while at
Sofia, did every thins, possible to assist
in the search for the abductors of Miss
Stone and who also was of great as
sistance to the suffering' Macedonian
refugees. It was said at the time 'that
scores of poor people must have per
ished miserably but for the beneficent
assistance of tbe American lady, who
dispatched $5000 and a Sister of Char
ity to relieve the need 3 of the innocent
outcasts.
CZAR HAD IM.UE.VSB ARMY.
Moxe Than a Million Men In Field
.When Peace Was Declared.
ST.* PETERSBURG, Oct. 23.—Accord
ing to the military attaches who re
cently returned from the front. Russia
had considerably in excess of a million
soldiers In the Far East when peace
was declared. About 700,000 men faced
the "Japanese below the Sungari River
in addition to a considerable army held
in reserve at Harbin. The remainder
of this force was partly at Vladivostok
and partly scattered through the pro
vince of Primorsk as far south as tha
Turnen River.
The attaches say that Lieutenant
General Linevitch had brought his army
to a high state of efficiency. They were
specially Impressed by the Russian sol
dier, who, If properly led, they believe,
would be a match for any In the world.
NOT SATISFIED WITH TERMS.
Americans May 'Sot Participate Heavily
In Russian Loan.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. .23.— J. Pier
pont Morgan Jr. and George W. Per
kins were presented to Foreign Secre
tary Lamsdorff by Charge d' Affaires
Eddy to-day. -
It can be definitely stated that no in
dustrial concessions will be granted in
connection with the big Russian loan
which Is being regotiated. Each of the
foreign banking groups will be on ab
solutely the same footing.
The Americans do not seem to be
particularly pleased with the terms of
fered by the Russian Government. The
extent of their participation is still
problematical.
Brigands Kill Seven Cossacks.
BAKU, Oct. 23. — A band of brigands
to-day attacked a detachment of Cos
sacks near Alyat railway station. Sev
en Cossacks were killed and. one was
wounded.
FLAGMAN STRUCK BT TRAlX.— Michael
McAvoy. flagman at T"wenty-flf th and Valencia
streets, was struck by the outbound limited
train -last evening as he was fixing tbe nrrl
lights after lowering the gate. • Three, of >iis
ribs were broken. Ha was taken to ftla Rail
road Hospital.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
UNIVERSITY GRADUATE FAVOKS
A STATE THEATER
Elmer Harris Says
It Would Help
the Drama;
He Has Studied the
Endowed Stage
in Europe.
His Own Play Wins
Place of Honor
in Germany.
BERKELEY. Oct. 23.— Klmer Harris, a
graduate of the university, who has just
returned from a tour abroad, where he
studied with such notable actors as Co
quelin, Ellen Terry and others of like
rank, ar.d made a special investigation
of the endowed theaters of Europe, has
put forward a plan for the establishing
of a State theater in California, to be
operated under university auspices, with
money appro; riated by the Legislature.
Harris has won his spurs as a dramat
ist by having his drama. "The Resur- !
rectiGU," chosen from 1200 others for pro
duction at the German National Theater
in Hamburg this winter. The play will
be put on xt the Hamburg Schauepiel
' haus. It was to have been staged in
London, hut the London censor of plays
refused his permission, objecting, it is
ea.id, to the title, and to parts of the
play.
Harris" puggeetion that a State theater
be endowed in California is the result of
a careful study, both of the conditions
und^r which national theaters are con
ducted in Europe and of the situation
in California, so far as the drama is
concerned. He has been promised, the co
operation of the university authorities,
he says, including; President Wheeler, and
is confident .th*i the plan, ambitious
though, it is, will eventually be crowned
\u25a0with puccess.
The sum of jro.ooo may be asked for
from the State legislature at its next
cession, this money to be spent in leasing
a building in San Francisco for -dramatic
productions, engaging instructors, hiring
actors, and in other ways insuring the
production of dramas on a first class
nc-alc for the benefit of the public. Both
education and entertainment would be the
•aim.
Professor William Dallam Armes.
through whose efforts the University
Dramatic Association was formed last
year, unifying the dramatic^ activities at
the university, believes Mr. "Harris' plan
to be practicable, and worthy of support
from every section of the State Univer
sity. SJfc. •\u25a0\u25a0•.•\u25a0 • - \u25a0
Harris graduated from the university
in 1901. He was prominent in dramatic
activities in college, and after graduat
ing spent three years in America and
Europe, devoting his time to dramatic af
fairs, with unusual opportunities for
gaining inspiration from great players and
great dramatic directors. Harris said
to-day:
I t'"i;«>v» that tha ultimate regeneration of
the drama is to occur through the medium of
theaters controlled by the people, or the peo
ple's representativee. I have been discussing
thli matter with the university authorities dur
ing the last two weeks and believe I have a .
right to be enthusiastic over the support they
are inclined to give the idea. The prospect for
the establishing of a State theater In Califor
nia, I believe, ie excellent. It is the belief of '
the leaders of the drama to-day that the only
way to resuscitate the - antma in America li
through the medium of national or State thesi
tere. In Europe the national theater 1* a great
success In helping to maintain the high stand
ard of the drama.
Sir Henry Irving almost in his last word*
spoke for a nationally endowed theater, and
now Englishmen are contemplating endowing
vuch a theater as a memorial to the grand old
actor.
CARPEXTEB IS KILLED.
BERKELEY. Oct. 23. — Stuart Quack
«nbu6h, foreman of. a gang of carpen
ters employed on the Parafflne Paint
Company's building at Shell Mound,
fell this mornlnsr from the roof to the
cement floor below, a distance of forty
feet, and was Instantly killed. His
ekull was crushed and other portions
of his bodr w«»re bruised and mangled.
Quackenbush attempted to place a
heavy iron girder into position while
standing on the roof and slipped as he
•worked. There were no cleats on the
roof to help him regain his position,
and the fall to the floor was inevitable.
Charles Brown and Lewis Hicks, fel
low workmen, witnessed the accident,
but were powerless to prevent it.
The dead man was 40 years old, a
brother of S. S. Quackenbush. a promi
nent real estate dealer of Berkeley, and
had resided with his wife at Parker
and Telegraph avenues. The body was
removed to the Oakland morgue.
DIVORCE RECORD.
OAKLAND, Oct. 23. — Tiring pf the
cbuse to which she says she has been
subjected, Mary G. Feige began divorce
proceedings against George Feige tor
day on the ground ot cruelty. Ha is a
Seventh-street saloon man, and his wife
alleges he has an ' income of $150 a
month, of which she asks $75 a month.
J. Johnson has sued J. H. Johnson for
neglect; Lena C. Houston wants a
divorce from J. V. Houston because of
neglect. The following decrees were
granted: Minnie Beal from Edward
I?o;;l, for desertion; Jennie Shatto from
Samuel Shatto, for infidelity; Selena
Rogers from Bevo R. Rogers, for in
temperance; and a final decree to. Han
»ah XL Subora from Moses Subora for
cruelty. ..^>., .* -
LEAVES LARGE ESTATE.— Oakland. Oct.
23. — The will of the Imte Ferdinand Gee, who
\ftt property in Sea Francisco and Oakland
valued at $100,000., has been filed tor probate.
The property Is left to the widow. Mrs. Cath
erine Gee, and to Mre. Annie Rodgero. a daugh
ter.
n—ln — I Positively cured by
fi 1 QTTTD © these Little PUIs.
uMrVI Ll\O They also rellere Dta- 1
naa tress from DrspepslA, In-
ITTLE disenloa and Too Hearty
Hjj \u25a0W p JT% ' Rating. A perfect rem-
tt^ IV Ln edy tor Dizziness, Nausea,
Kg PILLS. DroTrsili e s ». Bad Taste
Jg| la tie lioutli. Coaled
f&sBSRS&mi Tongue. Psin ln the Sld<s.
. JTOBPID LIVER. They
regulate p»8 Bowels. Purely VcgetaWe. . y
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSL SMALL PRICE.
OADTCD'd CURE SICK HEADAChfi. i
SSSittie Geauins Must Bear
WIVER Fas-Simile Signature- \u25a0
\u25a0 pills. -# \J^- — 'ii
GRADUATE OF THE UNIVERSITY., OF CALIFORNIA WHO HAP, A .PROJECT.
FOR ESTABLISHING- A' STATE THEATER TO BE CONDUCTED UNDER THE
AUSPICES OF THE BERKELEY INSTITUTION. ' .
MAY BE BLACK
HAND MYSTERY
Attempt on Life of Italian
Is Probably Eesult of
Decree of Dread Society
• .
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— Despite, the efforts
of the parties concerned to keep the mat
ter quiet, a whispered rumor Is going
the rounds of the Latin colony of Oak
land that the attempt made early this
morning on -the life of S. Malada, who
lives on Whitmore street, was not simply
the outcome of a quarrel at a dance, but
was directed by that dread society, the
Black Hand. Malada, while entertaining
a party of friends at his home, was called
to his door, and a moment later three
shots rang out, and the bullets whistled
about his ears, none, however, reaching
their mark. ' I
Policeman Kyle was in the vicinity, and
hearing the shots, he hurried to the
scene and placed Albert Mandola, an
other Italian whom he found, near the
Bcene," under, arrest. He Is now held at
the City Prison, awaiting the filing of a
charge of assault to. commit murder to
which Malada. says he will swear. Ma-
Jada said to-day that the attempt to
kill him was the outcome of some trouble
at an Italian dance, at "which Mandpla
was thrown out of the hall for creating
a disturbance.
No weapon was found on-Mandola when
he was arrested,and neither has one been
found near the scene of the shotting,
nor at Mandola's home. From this it
apears that. Mandola must have had nn
accomplice who made away with the
plsjtol.. • ,'.:'.<;'
Everything in the case points to, the
idea that the attempt to kill Malada, was
inspired by some more powerful motive
than that told to the police.
3IES. LLOYD TELLS
JIER UNHAPPY STORY
Testifies in Support of Her
Daughter's Claim to
Inheritance.
OAKLAND, Oct. 23. — Bent "with, years
and looking back at a life darkened
by the false promises of the late
Charles R. Lloyd. Mary Skan Lloyd took
the wltneafyßtand to-day to tell how
Lloyd had deceived her when she, was
a girl and again when her steps were
tottering. She* told her story for the
sake of her daughter, and who is now
fighting for a child's share in the late
capitalist's estate.
The witness, who was never legally
married to Lloyd, began her story by
telling how Lloyd promised to make
her his wife at Bristol. England, in
1860, and then left her with her little
child and came to 'America. Before he
left, however, he bought her an auto
graph album. and wrote her name in it
and wrote two pieces of poetry, which
were read to. the court.
After years -in this country arid 1 the
foundation. of tho fortune- h,e afterward
accumulated had been 'laid, they, met
again. "«The .baby had grown ; to be^ a
young - lady* of 1 1 6 ' when Lloyd again,
visited England and saw his child and
Its -/mother.-' S<*me> y«ars~ later.; he' sent
them money ami brought' them';to r ihis
country, and on' consideration of their
concealing their. relation' to* him he said
that- hß'iri 'turn' would give*the:daugh
ter an equal share .with* his. children in
his estate. Relying on' his promises.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; OCTOBER 24, 1905.
SEWER SYSTEM
NOW ASSURED
City Council "\u25a0\u25a0Plans to Call
Election to Issue Bonds
for Public Improvement
OAKLAND, CaW Oct. 23.— The City
Council 10-night, sitting as a committee
of the whole, took the first steps toward
acquiring a complete sewer system for
the city. The plan is to call an election
to issue bonds for approximately $350,000
for the purpose and the committee rec
omended that the City Engineer be . di
rected to prepare plans and speciflcations
for the work. • .
In the course of the discussion Council
man Aitkin created a scene by refusing to
vote for any of the items suggested, and
refusing to give any reason for such ac
tion until his attitude was attacked by
several of the Councilmen. Then he ex
plained that he did not wish to vote on
the sewer matters ecause he would do
nothing to jeopardize the bond issue for
a municipal water supply.- In answer to
Thurston, he said he .wotild . vote for a
bond election for sewers if 'the cost would
-not exceed $350,000, and after that each
item, was indorsed unanimously. The
City r Engineer will be erected' to prepare
plans for the following work: 't
Extension of the main lake eewer in Twenty
second street from Adeline street, to the bulk
head .line; Intercepting sewer In Wood street
from Twelfth to Twenty- second street; sewer
from - Fourteenth avenue and Ea3t Twelfth
fltreet to the tstuary; sewer in Twenty-second
avenue to the estuary; extension 6e wers Jn
Ninth. Tenth and Eleventh avenues; sewer
from Forty-fifth street and Telegraph avenue to
College avenue and Manlla T streeti etorm sewer
in Sixty- first Btreet- from 1 . Cknalpg. street to
Temescal Creek.; sewer In .'Adeline street from
Teme&cal Creek to Berkeley; eewer from Thlr
ty-'slxth'and Market streets to Fifty-fifth and
Orove 'Streets;.- sewer It> 'Moss dVpnue' from
Cemetery Creek to Echo. avenue; outlet sewers
ifrom.eewers between h Firsthand F4llon streets
and. Linden etreet; ;< sewer, > from .Fourth ' and
Newton avenueu to iLake.'Merrltt.'- i •£-
» » . \ V
jnnssGiiix is called.
OA.ICLAND, Oct.,-23.-r-Mrs. Mary L.
Glnn, the wife of \u25a0'•Frederick \u25baB. Glnn,
head of the school textbook publishing
company of' that name of Boston, died
suddenly in Santa Barbara- lasi Thurs
day ..-*>*„ heart ; disease. J Mrs.. (Jinn had
been a resident of?this city for the last
twenty-five years, arid; at- the. time of
lier marriagq was a teacherVjn orrb of
the ;i public schools of Oakland.*-* For the
last two years she has resided in Santa
Barbara. Besides her husband, she
leaves one son, Sheffield S. Sanborn.
... ; ,» • \u25a0 . T
Mrs. Lloyd testified that they kept
their promise to him to the bitter end.
only to find at his death that she had
been left,'but $1000 and the daughter
a legacy of $5000. ... : , .,. -,\u25a0\u25a0,,
"With the completion of \i her testlr
mony Fred Delanoy, an Intimate ac
quaintance, of Lloyd, testified that
Lloyd had told him, that he was going
to leave the child an equal share with
his others, all of whom -ho, said were
ingrates, while she was .the -only, true
one. With thiß testimony.,' the attor
neys for the plaintiff rested their. ca^e.
Attorney ,W. S. Goodfellow stated that
he had,no;testimphy: for -'the, trustees of
LToyd'B 'estate and y ,woul4k rely /on the
Xact thatj T the plaintiff/ h>d filled to
show that . therjp was -any,", contact ion
Lloyd's part: to do more .than" l»e had.
Th'g/ case . will be , a rgued .'Jn '. the j'raorn
ing.::.;v -\u25a0\u25a0;.^;.:,^ V , | V^^.:^' y<>
* BREAK .'INTO CAR.r-oaKland. i(oct. 23,— :
. Burgrlars . who have , been- rifling- car*' at • Sather'
.station mafle-another^rald last.-nijrht and broke
lntoa'box car,«from which ttjey. took- two -cans
COCKRAN TAI KS
OF HAPPINESS
Eminent Orator Says That
Path of Labor Leads to AIL
the Enjoyments of "Life
ADDRESS TO STUDENTS
Declares Riches Count Only
When They Tend to Widen
Usefulness of Individual
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— W. Bourke Cock
ran o£ New York 'won the hearts of?, the
students of St. Maryls College. this morn
ing, when he- delivered an -.address, and
obtained from President Vellesian a'hol
iday for his youthful admirers. 'He
talked to them earnestly ' for more than
half an hour, pointing out that their only
hope of happiness is in following high
ideals; When he had finished, the ap
plause that followed was interspersed with
cries of "Holiday." Gracefully Mr.
Cockran turned to Father Vellesian, the
president of the college, and said:
ji "I would bespeak for the young friends
who have' followed so closely the rumina
tions of an elderly man, that ' they be
granted a holiday," and when Father-Vel
lesian granted the request the applause
was deafening and three cheers for the
I New York statesman were given with a
will. ;
Mr. Cockran had no particular subject,
but the trend of his theme was the pur
suit' of r happiness. With Mr. Cockran
were many of the college alumni, includ
ing Judge F. J. Murasky of San; Fra
ncisco, '83; Peter J. McCormack, chief |
deputy Coroner of San Francisco, '88;
Garret McEnerney, 'Si; Charles lleg
gerty, '80; Father William P. Sullivan,
'97; H. J. Stark, C. P. S., '94; Father P.
•T. 'Callopy, '94; Father Joseph A.'Me-
Auliffe, '90; W. B. White, '91; Father Mc-
Hugh of East Oakland; Fathers Demp
sey, T. J. O'Connell and Hennessey, of
Alameda; Father Cantwell pf St. Francis,
Alameda; R. P. Troy, president of the
alumni of Sacred Heart College; -Con
gressman W. B. Winn, Peter Hanrahan,
Dr. J. H. Maher, Dr. J. F. Gibbon and
Neil Carey.
Until Mr. Cockran arrived the students
and visitors were entertained by the col
lege orchestra. When the orator entered
the hall he was greeted by cheers, and
was introduced by Father Vellesian, as
a "man among men, one of the chief fac
tors in the public life of America." r .
Mr. Cockran spoke in a conversational
.tone, but occasionally his voice was raised
,ln an appeal to the students' manhood
'and then his listeners got a suggestion
of his oratory. In part, he said:
I feel like addressing you young men as" fel
low students, for I haven't quit studying yet.
You are at one end of life; I am at the other. ,
I began my public life as a teacher in the
Christian brothers' school in New York. The
students were boys, perhaps- younger than you.
They were there preparing for the collegiate
GUI; of their, school life.
,< Kfucatlon Cwes-lts existence to the.muther
chu.*tn. ' For . many years, In , the olden time,
the only man who "commanded " the" public ex
teem "was the man who carried the sword, the
man who could, fight, the man who could de
stroy. The church, during all those dark ages,
upheld education and Insisted' upon education,
despite the fact that it was fought by all tne
nations of Christendom.* And yet they say
that the church^ has < been hostile :to educa
tional institutions, when it has been the foun
tain head of education. It Is for the laity to
dlgpel that prejudice. • It for you young men
who axe preparing fort life. • The last time i
had an Interview 'wl^h Pope Leo XIII wa»
about six weeks before his death, and he tcld
n,e that hl» supreme ambition was to see the
work of evangelization progress.
I want to say to you that the short road to
material success Is the strict observance of
the moral law. Is the possession of power suf
ficient for temporal happiness? j You must vso
power to preserve it. Whether it be tha i>o
lltlcal leader in Amvrica. or the Czar of Rus
sia, he is lifted to power to serve the persons
who elevated him. The seat of power is never
the seat of comfort.
Is fame the goal of the seeker after happi
ness? Fame is often mistaken for notoriety.
Fame comes to man at least a generation *tter
he has gone, and that don't amount to much
at' the present time. -
How about wealth? I think that the one man
who has no chance for happiness Is the mil
lionaire. The man you meet cordially on the
street you give a distant nod when you
meet him in the safe-deposit vault. The man
who keeps the door in the safe-deposit \'ault
would know what to do If he heard the ex
plosion of a bomb or a pistol bullet. H« would
ring Irt the police alarm. But he would be be
wildered if he heard a man in the vault whis
tle a cheerful air or hum a comic tune.
Wealth is not to be spurned, for it widens
the theater of your usefulness, but it la not
all. Value wealth acquired by honest effort,
but my Idea of happiness is to absorb all your
faculties in the task before you. - '
The path to happiness is the path, of labor.
Honesty and integrity will sooner or later find
their Just rewards.
WOLLE ISSUES
ELIGIBLE LIST
OF COLLEGIANS
BERKELEY. Oct., 23.— Professor J. V,
\u25a0Wolle, in charge of the department of music
at the university, has announced that the fol
lowing students are admitted; into the unl-'
yersity chorua. which he la organizing fot
choral work : .
First, sopranos— Miss R. R. '03;
Miss H. L. Cross, graduate; Mlaa . E. J. dt
Wolf. '00; Miss A.- W. Johnston '06; Mlsa
N. S. Munro. '00.
• Second sopranos — Miss A.* M.- Baker, '00 •
Miss E. Frary. '00; Mlssß. Gilbert, '09; Miss
M; E. Hlbbard 'Oti; Miss E. L. Keyes '07-
Miss H. Lyons, '07; Miss H. A. MeFeely, '09;
Miss E. Petterson • '08. \u25a0 - \u25a0 -. •
First altos— Miss W. C. Ambrose! 'CO; Miss
M. Ansley, -'O6;- Miss I. A. Ashby, .'OH; Miss
I. -Ashley. /OS); Miss A. L. Barney, 707; Miss
J. L. Bowers,- -'O7; \u25a0 Miss B. Carpenter. '08
Mlss-E. L. Cloudman '<«; Miss P. de Lai-Re,
'09; Miss G. Denton. '09; Miss R.- M. Diem,
'08; Miss J.. Dunn, ,'O6;rMIEB M. J. Fillman.
'09; Miss J. I. Greenfield, '07; Miss R. L.
Hlzar. '07; Miss M. N. Keeler. '09; Miss I. M.
Krlegel; 'OS; Miss.; A.- A. " Lemos, jtraduate;'
Miss F. Mclntyre, '00; MUs Q. O. Martlneill,
•08: Miss M. J. Miller. '06; Miss H. Ji Mll
lerick, '07; Miss -H. Murphy. '09; Miss A
Ohm, '08; Miss O. M. -Putnam, .'O6; Mlaa F.
Robinson..; '0V»: Mias H. Robinson, 'OS; Miss
L. M. Scott '08; Miss S. /Treadwell '06; Miss
A. Weymouth, '0«; Miss M. G.- Wilson, 'Otf,
Miss E. E.,C. Wright, '06. . - .
Second altos— Miss H. H. Burgess. '08; M'ss
C. Derrlckson, 'OS; Miss E. K. Dyer, '08: Miss
J Evans, '08; Miss C. L. Keeler, "'oB; Misa I.
Mcßeynolds,'. '06. ' *.'•' -
> Second tenors— A. W. Bolton, '08; W. K.
HUliard. .'O9; -D. ;.H. Parry, '07; J. E. Ro - s
ers.-'CS.
First bassos— B. R. Bates." 'OS; E. J. Best.
•0«- S. C. Brown' Jr.. "0«; N. C Chakravarti.
'OS- D. C- Button, i# ott: G. W. Eachus, "OS; S.
B. Evans,, 'o9; R. 8. French, 'Ott; W.-E. Haw
ley, graduate: C:. B, Howe.. '07; W. F. L.a
Grange, 'Otf: E.* L,. -Lord, .'O7; -P.; H. Mattner.
'\u25a009; R. P. O." Neweomb. ' 'Oti; L. H. Patten,
'09- .F. Petterson '08; O. V. : Piercy, '08; J
Robinson, '08; I. C. '-. Steele.'.'OS; P. ; A. Thoms
on 'HO- E. -F. 'OS; -R. K. .Voor
hies. '07; A; . E. Wright. '08.
Second bassos— S.E. Bailey. • '09; G. L.
Baxter .'08: ,W. A. Benner, -'07; R^ L. But
ton '07; W. W. Gllmore, '06; C. W.- Har
fey. ;'O7. ...- '. : . . ' .
Mrs. . "Wells . Paasea Avray.
OAKLAND, Oct/'23.— Mrs. Louisa B.
Wells.' the wife of the late Charles B.
"Wells, one ' of s the \ founders r of ' \u25a0 the
great. express company of Wells,' Fargo
& Co.,'; died last night rat the home of
her /son-in-law, Byron ' F.'. Stone, on
Linda Vista Heights. 'after an Illness of
several i months. Death ". had been ex
pected for' some time. { ThY funeral will
bo ; held" from .the residence* of Byron
F." Stone." 649,} Oaklandi" avenue, at 2
o'clock ; to-morrow afternoonV^y? ..
BRIDGE PLANNED
BY SUPERVISORS
Structure to Cost $4000 to
Be Built by Counties of
San Mateo and Santa Clara
IS TO SPAN A CREEK
Suburban Board of Trade
Contributes $1000 to De-
fray Cost of Erection
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 23.— A new % steel
and stone bridge to cross the hitherto
impassable San Francisquito Creek at
Pope street probably will result from
the conference of the San Mateo and
Santa Clara County Supervisors here
to-day. The plans, as suggested, call
for a structure to cost about $4000, of
which $1000 has already been donated
by the local Board of Trade through
President Black.. It is said the citizens
of Palo Alto and the Supervisors of, the
two' counties will contribute the re
mainder.
The Supervisors were entertained at
luncheon by the Board of; Trade and
members of the local Town Trustees.
Those present were: From Santa Clara
County— Supervisors Hubbard, Ayer,
Roll and Mitchell; from San Mateo
County— Supervisors Coleman, Eiker
enkotter, Mcßain and De'.Benedetti. .-•"
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
\u25a0 SUPERVISOR IS ILL.— Oakland. Oct. 23.—
Supervisor Joseph M. Kelley. who recently re
covered from an attack of typhoid fever, has
had a relapse and is now eonflned at his homa
under the care of Eh"! O. D. Hamlln. His con
dition is not considered serious. •
SON RETURNS UNEXPECTEDLY.— Berke- !
ley, Oct. 23. — Laurie Stevenson surprised his
parents, residing at 1820 St. Prince street, by
returning without warning- last night from
Alaska. He had been away for five years,
mining neaV Candle City, Kotzebue Sound.
STEALS CITY OFFICIAL'S WHEEL.—Oak
land. Oct. 23. — A bold thief this morning stola
a bicycle owned by Deputy . City Assessor E.
F. Garrison, from in front of the City Hall,
within a few eteps of the police station. No
trace has been found of either thief or wheel.
' FIRE IN PHYSICIANS' BUILDING.— Oak-
Iand, Oct. 23. — A fire which for a time threat
ened the destruction of the handsome Physi
cians* building, on Washington street, between
Twelfth and 'Thirteenth, broke out this
afternoon in the office of Dr. Henry B. Knox.
The damage was slight.
\u25a0 DIES OF YELLOW FEVER.— Berkeley, Oct.
23. — The death of Charles Nichols of yellow
fever at Guayland, Guatemala, has Just been
reported to his parents, Mr. and Mre. 8. V.
Nichols, 2225 Parker street. The eon left here
two years ago to work »•• nn engineer in Gua
temala. He waa a former Southern Pacific
employe. ' - . ,
JUROR BECOMES ILL.— Oakland, Oct. 23.—
J. L. Hollis, a juror in the trial of Joseph and
Will Velra, was stricken with apoplexy this
afternoon while the court was in session. The
court adjourned and Hollis was removed to the
Receiving .Hospital.- As no evidence has Vet
been taken, it is expected that the trial «f the
Velras will not be delayed.
WOMAN'S ASSAILANT CAPTURED.— Oak-
Iand, Oct. . 23. — Fred Phillips, . alias William
Carrol, • colored, was arrested late last . night
by Police - Officer Fahy, on telegraphic in
•structions .from -Los Angeles, where. Phillips
is wanted for assault to commit murder.
Louise Smyer of that city charges Phillips with
having struck her on - the head with a beer
bottle. . - . .
DEATH CALLS EDWARD TOOMEY.—Oak
land, Oct. 23. — Edward Toomey, aged 23 years,
died to-day at the home of his parents, 1470
Ninth street, after a long illness. Tha de
ceased was a member of the League of the
Cross Cadets *nd ; was well known in fraternal
and political circles in West Oakland. Ar
rangements for the funeral have not yet been
completed. . . *
BOY REPORTED MlSSlNG.— Oakland. Oct.
23.— J.W. Coyne, who lives at ISIM San Pab
lo avenue, has reported to the police that _Al
vers Horsby, aged 12 years, living at 303 Da
vis street in San Francisco, has be«n missing
from his home for more than a month. There
is some fear expressed by the boy's family that
he has been kidnaped, but the authorities be
lieve .that he has run away.
BURGLAR STEALS WATCH.— Oakland,
Oct. 23. — Burglars entered the home of H.
B. Warrens at 7(H Thirteenth street last night,
and stole a lady's gold hunting case watch
and a gold neck chain. A member of the
family saw a stranger loafing around - the
house shortly before the burglary, but the"
description of the man is meager. The mat
ter has been reported to the police.
HODGKINS CASE DISMISSED.— OakIand,
Oct. 23. — Police Judge Smith -this morning dis
missed , the charge of battery against Police
Officer- W. I. Hodgkins, on request of J. "J.
Heavey. the complaining witness. At the time
of his arrest, the patrolman said that he had
struck Heavey because the latter attempted to
strike him after a command to cease the use
of vulgar language at the ferry slip at First
street and ] Broadway. .
WEIDLER'S BONDSMEN SUED.— Oakland.
Oct. 23. —^Attorney George- lngraham has
brought' euit against the United States Fidelity
and' Guarantee Company, tiondsmen of former
Conetabla Ed Weidler. for $1110 90. which he
alleges is duel on a judgm«ru against Weldler,
who absconded. lngraham alleges that the
damages are forthcoming ror the illegal - at
tachment of a grocery on East Twelfth »treet.
in East Oakland.'
i PHONE COMPANY GETS PERMlT.—Oak
land, Oct. 23. — A permit was Issued to-day to
the Pacific States Telepnone and Telegraph
Company by the Board of Public Works to
make the necessary excavations to Install the
extension of their underground system, anJ
City Foreman James Otey says that the work
will be begun within the next few days. -'The
company Is allowed 150 days in which to com
plete tho work, which will cost about $125,000.
STORES TO REPLACE CHURCH.—Oak
land Oct. -23. — Application has been made to
the Board of Public Works by the Board of
Missions . of the - Methodist Episcopal Church
South for permission to remodel the old As
bury church building at the corner of Fifteenth
and Clay streets. It Is proposed to devote the
lower floor of the building to stores, and the
second arid third floors will be turned into, an
apartment-house. The plans for the work,
drawn by Leo 'Nichols, call for an ' expenditure
of.sS7oO. , ' • : '
WEARS FAKE PLASTER CAST. — Oakland,
Oct. 23. — Wearing a fake plaster cast on hij
arm and bearing v letter signed by the mythi
cal J B. 'White, M. D., who was the alleged
Author of a similar letter used In begging by
Frank Wilson, an ex-convict, who was • ar
rested last week. Edward Brooks, alias Frank
Johnson, was arrested' this afternoon by Police
Officer Tom Brown on a charge of begging.
Suspecting .that the castv wa» a fake. City
Physician X)r/ Ewer broke It from the; alleged
Injured arm. which was found to be perfectly
well. .•\u25a0; ; ." \u25a0'.,\u25a0\u25a0 ,. ' .':• : '', ,
GUILTY OF CARELESSNESS.— AIameda,
Oct 23. — The Board of Trustees to-night ex
onerated Policeman Fred Brampton from all of
the -charges that had been placed against him
by Chief of Police Conrad except the one of
being careless in his duty. The, charge of In
toxication was found -not to be substantiated.
The board fixed the first meeting In November
as the time for sentence. It la generally be
lieved that Brampton ) will be suspended, but
not dismissed. .\u25a0..-,, . .
TO TEST LAW.— Oakland, Oct. S3.— Dr. N.
K. "Foster, secretary of* the State Board of
Health, will probably carry, the matter of reg
istering » deaths birth's and . marriages to the
courts or attempt to have . the State Legisla
ture amend its bill. County Recorder Grim re
fuses to record the documents without pay and
Dr Foster to-day was ; assured "by the Super
visors that they could ,do nothing for , him. In
view of • a decision from the District Attorney
to the effect that. the bill? are illegal.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OakIand. Oct. 23.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk- to-day: H Thomas B. Hutch
ins 21, Gridley. \u25a0„ and --Alice L: Senger, 19.
Berkeley; Vincent Rose, 33, and Rose R. Co
leho 29, both of Hay wards;. William C Hamel,
31 Davlsvllle, and Mary. J. Dukelow,' 2fl, Oak- .
lnad-? Manuel. Joseph, ''2l,'* and Mary J. Suva,*
18' both -of .'San Francisco; Matthew Flnnlgan.
2l! and Mabel Shay." 19," both of San Francisco;
William- Johnson.'-Bft." and Harriet "Flnnlgan.
50". both"of-Ban -Frandscor Domlnlck-F. Ttll
man,s4s.! and Mary, L.* Hand, 35, ; both* of Oak
land- * Frederick, C. : Habelt, * 2S. and , 'Agnes
Stecker, 21.1 botji', of Oakland;' Harold ,W.
Meads.. 30,' and , Eunice S M. • Mojle, - 20, • both of
Oakland^. \u25a0\u25a0_. ' ._:,-" •, -" * :\u25a0 -:
WILL BUY SITE
FOR A LIBRARY
City Fathers of San Mateo
Order Purchase of Piece
of Land for Carnegie Gift
$10,000 FOR BUILDING
Problem That Long Puzzled
the Suburbanites Is Solved
by the Board of Trustees
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN MATEO. Oct. 23.— The City
Trustees of San Mateo. after months
of delay, have finally agreed to accept
the $10,000 donated by Andrew Car
negie for a public library. Several
ways to obtain a site for the building
were suggested, but were found Im
practicable upon examination. The
library trustees were appealed to, but
could offer nothing. The trustees of
the high school were In the same di
lemma. During the long controversy
the city was receiving much unfavor
able" comment for Its inability either
to accept or to refuse Carnegie's gift.
As a final way out of the difficulty
the city trustees have ordered the pur
chase of a piece of land in the Taylor
tract. This land Is centrally located.
Bids for the construction of the build-
Ing will be called for without delay,
and it Is expected that the library will
be ready for the public In the early
spring.
TO GIVE ART EXHIBIT.
. PALO ALTO. Oct. 23. — Beginning on
October 31, an art loan exhibition will
be held by the Women's Association of
the Congregational church. During the
exhibit a series of lectures will be
given by university professors. The
affair will last a week.
DELEGATES ARE SELECTED.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 23.— Mrs. William
Stuart and Mrs. Julia Gilbert will rep
resent the local Woman's Club as dis
trict delegates to the convention which
will be held in the new - California
Clubhouse in San Francisco In Novem
ber.
LOSE SUMMER HOMES.
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— The summer
homes of Secretary Victor H. Metcalf
of the Department 'of Commerce and
Labor and of Attorney A. A. Moore
have passed into the possession of' the
Spring Valley Water Company and now
form part of the watershed of that cor
poration in this county. The member
of President Roosevelt's Cabinet and
the attorney will now have to "move
their bungalows off the hillside upon
which they stand, give up their swim
ming pool and seek other places for
rest and recreation. The Moore ranch
was in what is known as the Calaveras
Valley on the eastern slope of Mission
Peak. It is a magnificent piece of
.mountain -land compri sins-mo re than :i
thousand acrea. Mr. .Metculf'a property
adjoins that of Mr. Moore.
FILE A STIPULATION TO,. - "
..' \u25a0\u0084 . SETTLE THEIR FAMILY JARS
Frnni'lsik * Kavralkoivskl .and His
Children Agree to Adjust Differ-.
ences an to Property.
A stipulation "to settle family jars,"
signed by . Francisczk Kawalkowskl
and. counsel representing his brood of
children, young and old, was filed in
the office of the County Clerk yester
day. Under the terms of the .stipula
tion Kawalkowskl is permitted to bor
row )1500 on his homestead at 301
Ricbland avenue, pay off a mortgage
and lease his home, to his ten children
by his first wife.
Sometime after the death of his first
wife, Kawalkowski remarried in Penn
sylvania and brought his bride West
to reign in his household as the step
mother of his children. In the course
of time the second Mrs. Kawalkowski
added three more children to the home
circle, and then trouble began to brew.
After much wrangling Kawalkowskl
set up two households, but as this was
very expensive, lawsuits resulted, the
oldest daughter of the many finally In*
stitutlng an action to enjoin her father
from making way with his property.
•Yesterday's stipulation settles all of
this trouble, and the ten children of the
first wife are to have the family home
stead at a monthly rental of $25, which
is to be paid by the eldest daughter in
clothing for the younger children.
CITIZENS MAKE REPORTS \u25a0""* ,' v ;
OF LOSSES TO THE POLICE
Burglar*, and Sneak Thieves Continue
to Ply Their Vocation Actively
-. Throughout the City.
John Rusch, grocer and saloonkeeper,
1601 Turk street, reported to the police
yesterday that while -he • was in the
saloon on Sunday afternoon a boy
about 15 years of age opened the cash
register in the grocery, stole $5 and
ran out the ' rear door, escaping by
climbing a fence.
"Victor Peterson, 49 Zoe street, re
ported that 'while he was bathing at
the Sutro Baths on Sunday ' afternoon
some one broke into his locker and
stole his watch and chain and $7 50
in coin. .
Frank Westgute, Saratoga House, 118
Sixth street, reported that on Sunday
his room was entered and a -camera
valued at' $7 stolen.
Mrs. W. Murray, 258 Xatoma street,
reported that "her house was entered
on Sunday and a mantel clock valued
at $5 stolen.
John A. Jackson, foreman,, reported
that a toolhouse at a new building on
First avenue and H street had been
entered and a Quantity of tools stolen.
DR. BHERROt> ON TRIAL.— Dr. U L. Eher
rod was on \u25a0 trial \u25a0 yesterday before a'< Jury in
the United • States District Court ' oa a charge
of " having . circulated an obscene pamphlet
through the mails. The caae will go to the
jury to-day. .' - • - .« • >
HUM FORD
THE WHOLESOME ;/.. >.
Baking Powder
Best of the High Grade Powders, i
15 cents half pound .can. ~ , ' " *
ALL-STAR CAST
FOR NEW PLAY
Stanford Students Complete
Arrangements for Produc
tion of "AH Tangled Up
BOAT CLUB BENEFIT
Clever People of University
Are Ready to Again Prove
Their Ability as Thespians
Spfcial Dispatch to Th» CaK.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY,' Oct. 23.— •
All preparations for what promises to
be one of the most important events
of undergraduate life in thi3 semester
at the Stanford University with the e3S|
ception of the intercollegiate foot b^tl/
game have been completed. .\u25a0' To-day tha
sale of tickets for "All Tangled Upi"
which is to be produced by the boat
club next Friday evening. October 27.
In Assembly Hall, will begin on ,th*
"quad." The piece Is the work of
Charles Townsend. the noted play
right, and will " be staged by an all
star cast of the best amateurs in col
lege.
The club, for whose financial benefit
the production is to be rendered. Is In
its Infancy, at the university, and Its
financial troubles, are close- to th«
hearts of the community. At. present
the organization has accumulated »
debt of $700, largely through tti* cost
of - racing equippage purchased last
spring. It Is hoped that tho^box of
fice receipts next Friday *nlgßt win
largely If not entirely diminish this
delinquency. .•. "-. . .
The cast, which for the. last montS
has been rehearsing under the'eare of
Paul Carson of San Francisco, who has .
been Instrumental In bringing success
to the amateur performances of Stan
ford, has been declared by the in
structor to be the best h© has ever seen
at the university. The leading, role of
Mrs. Halliday will be taken by Miss
Clarice Molse. She is a San Francisco .
girl. Allss Claire Pedlar, another miss
from San Francisco, will appear as
Clara, the daughter of Mrs. Halliday.
Miss Katherine Clover, a popular and
brilliant artist, will take the part of
Vernie, the undertaker's daughter.;*
The male role la strictly all "stajA ,
Its foremost light being- L. MV. Cutler?
'06, the leading man in the English,
Club's piece. "Every Man In • His
Humor." The others are J. M. Ward.
'07. who was selected by Ben Greet to
appear In "Macbeth" while the famous
company was at Stanford;- D. D. Sales,
'06; R. H. Baker, '09, and H. F. Cur
ran. -06.
TEACHERS TO GATHER
IX BEDWOOD CITY
Preparations for the Annual
County Institute Are
Completed.' iT
Special Dispatch to The Call. : \u25a0 -
REDWOOD CITY. Oct. 21— Prapara
tians are now complete for the annual
sessions of the San Mateo County
Teachers' Institute, which will be held
in this. city on October .24. 23 and 2U.
The assembly hall of the Sequoia High
School will be the scene of the deliber-'
ations and it is expected that mora
than seventy teachers will be in at
tendance. Miss Tilton. County Super
intendent of Schools. ha 3 had charge
of the arrangements and promises a
programme of exceptional excellence.
Educators from other counties in the
State have been invited to attend and
deliver addresses on topics of educa
tional interest, and the responses air
ready received promise a splendid »e^
rles of. exercises.
MRS. SARGENT UNCONSCIOUS •
STILL AT HOME OF SISTER
PALO ALTO. Oct 23. — Reports from
the bedside of Mrs. Henry A. Sargent,
who lies - near death at the home of
her , sister, Mrs. G. A. Batchelder of
Menlo Park, are that she' is slight
ly improved, although she has not yet
regained sonsciousness since being
thrown from her cart Friday. Drs.
Slack and Rixford have been constant
ly in attendance since' the accident.
They have determined that'Mrs.'Sar
gent's skull was slightly fractured, but
have hopes for her recovery. Henry
A. Sargent of the Slmonds Saw Com
pany of Portland, husband of the In
jured woman, arrived from the north
last night.
UXUSUAI, DOt'BLB WEDDI>6.
OAKLAND. Oct. 23. — In the private
office of County Clerk John P. Cook
Justice of the Peace James G. Qui?n
celebrated a double weddfng. In which,
mother and son each took partners in
life. Matthew Frnnlgan. the son. was
married to Miss Mabel Shay. His
mother, Mrs. Harriet. Finnlgan, was
united to William Johnson. > -•„\u25a0*. ,.'-
AVAVT PUBLIC LIBRARY.
MOUNTAIN VIEW. Oct. » 23; — Repre
sentatives of the -Woman's "Ctnb" hertg.
•will write to Andrew Carnegie seeking 1
an appropriation for a public library.
The 'growing ' need of , this improve
ment has long been felt.
GYMNASIUM FOR CLUB.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Octl 23.— The
Youns Men's Club of Mountain View,
it is said, is preparing to- rent quarters
and Install a modern gymnasium.
Membership In the organization is in
creasing.
WltS EI*ECT : OFFICERS.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 23. — The, officers of
All Salntiri Guild ; will be elected to
morrow, when the society meets at th«
residence^ oT Mrs. Spencer. 53S Gulnda
street.' • \ flMfiHsMmfimußillfy \u25a0 '" * -/W A Diamond >|v
1 Gold Watch J
II Nothing Down
11 If You Bring This Ad
I Quality Guaranteed
If Holidays are ceraina— telect your
\\ presents now. Tou'll b« vurprised
I; how ra«t time will fly..
|1 Remember, rou can exchange your
It dlarsocis at full value for a larger
j| etone, or for Jewelry, furs, salts.
I j clcaig end furniture of greater value,
jj IX you can't call at our nxgns. Jutt
j ' phor.e John 231 and we'll send you a
\u25a0;| nice eelection.
WEGUREMENFORSI2.SO
fcr 1 Reference In
j[^ W TILL CURED
>£^jv " y«^ and Knowledge
MH^onST place us in the
ilSi!* First Rank as
W> cure Skin Dlseaaea. Blood Poison.
Varleocele. Jitrlcture. A'er\-ou* Deellne.
Wenknesa. Pile*. Flstnla. Hyilrocele and
Ulseai>e« of the Kidneys. Bladder and
Prostate.
Special Diseases— Newly contracted
and chronic cases cured. All Burning, Itching
and Imnammation stopped In twcnty-foai
hours; cures effected in heven days.
We* make no chersre for a friendly talk or
correspondeoee. Come to us .In the strictest
confidence. We have been exclusively treating
special diseases of men for years. Xcthliuc
\u25a0yience can devise <W money can buy :s lack-
' ing In our office equipment. We will use you
honestly, feet you skillfully and restore you
to beaJth in the shortest time with the least
discomfort and expense.
If yon cannot call, write" for symptom
blank*.
DR. HOLSMAN & CO.
Hours — 8 to 8. 7 to S:3O p. m. daily; Sunday,
9 to 12.
729 MARKET ST. (Top Floor t. S. F.
USEFUL DISCOVERIES
Are Hot Always Startling, -\elther Do
They Create the Most Talk.
It is jiot always the greatest, most
startling discoveries of science that are
most useful to the human race.
Comparatively few people were di-
rectly interested in Herschel's finding:
of the new planet Uranus, but many
thousands have been benefited by Prof.
Unna's experiments, \u25a0which proved be-
yond a question that Dandruff and
Baldness are the results of the inroads
of a parasitic germ which invades the
roots of the hair.
The discovery of the true cause of
baldness made Newbro's Herpicide pos-
sible. Horplcide effectually kills this
germ. Destroy the cause you- remove
the effect.
Sold by leading: drugrgrists. Send 10c,
in stamps for sample to The Herpicide
Co., Detroit Mich. At leading- drus
stores or sent prepaid from Detroit,
Mich., upon receipt of $1.00.
Keep Your Liver
j working. It's a lazy organ and
a. needs to be stimulated occasionally,
or it shirks its function. That coat-
ed tongue, sallow complexion, sick
headache and pain under the shoul-
der blade are caused by an indolent
lirer. Liven it up by taking a short
Beechams
Pills
•old ETerrwhere. In box*s lDc. and 25c
J "Worry wont enre a cough. When
you find a cough holding on—
when everything else has failed —
try
SKilol\ f s
Consumption
Cure £nic Luns
I It is guaranteed to cure. If it
doesn't, we'll refund your money.
Prices: S. C. Welus & Co. 4
. 25c. 50c $L Leßoy, N.Y.. Toronto. Can.
TORIC LENSES
GIVE BEST RESULTS.
They are wide Angle Lenses and
give larger scope of vision. We can
duplicate your glasses in this style of
lens.
105 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEARSUTTER t)PR OCCIDENTAL HOTEL
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES
rrr| JUST OUT
lm WHOLESALERS
Lfc I Frlce Jiets of Holiday Goods In
Hf* I Chine»e > and Japanese Fancy
Sw Good*; .Rare Art Curlew \ Antique
ri ff\ China: 'Silk Emoroidertes. Teas,"
£(^ -^y \ c Call cr •vrrite lor handsome
WtiTJ*,) llJastrated Catalogue.
\£g£p FOOK WOH &. CO.
;07 Dapont ft: - BIN 7B£NCIBCO
FOR SHERIFF
Peter J. Curtis
OCULAR DEMOCRATIC AND
REPUBLICAN NOMir«EE. ,
Weekly Uali, $1 FerrYear
MORE MILK
MEN HALED
INTO COURT
Stirred to Activity by the
Eecent Exposures, Health
Board Begins a Crusade
Against Eeckless Dealers
INSPECTIONS MADE
AND AEBESTS FOLLOW
Drugs and Impurities Found
in Product of Several
Dairies, as Well as De
ficiencies as to the *Pat
With the v disclosures made by the
mothers and fathers of San Francisco re
garding the poisoning of their children
by drugged milk, with the courts forc
ing prosecutions of dairymen accused
of using disease-breeding -compounds,
with tie stimulating effect of a wide pub
licity that has been given the battle of
parents to save their babies' lives, the
municipal Board of Health has become
suddenly alarmed over the situation.
The officials charged with the protec
tion of lives from unsanitary conditions
have hastened to the front that the rec
ords may show that there is a desire on
their part to do their duty by the pub
lic
Following the exposures made by Eu
gene Lent, the attorney, whose children
became^ violently ill from drinking milk
from the New York Dairy, the Health
Department has organized a campaign
all along the line against offending dairy
men. One of the remarkable disclosures
in Lent's fight Is the fact that the pri
vate analysis made of the milk supplied
his household developed unmistakable ev
idences of formaldehyde in the fluid,
while the official investigations made by
the Board of Health had failed to un
cover the presence of the drug.
When Lent, after receiving the opinion
of his physician, Dr. L. H. Hoffman, that
his children were suffering from poisoned
milk, sent a bottle of the stuff to the
analytical chemists, he did so at his own
expense. He did not call in the Health
Board employes for the work.- Lent want
ed the report of the best chemists he
could find, knowing that it would be ren
dered without fear and without favor.
SPURRED BY CITIZEX.
As soon as the report was filed showing
that Dr. Hoffman was correct, the cru
sading parent caused the arrest of George
C. Smart, the dairy proprietor, who had
sold the milk. Smart's case is before
Police Judge Cabaniss to be decided this
week.
Under this stimulus, the Health officials
took a fresh hold yesterday and ordered
the arrest of dairymen on the report of
the city chemist that various conditions
Inhibited by the dairy inspection ordi
nance had been found in the milk samples
taken from the dairies.
In view of the cases, the report shows
that coal tar dyes were used in the milk.
In the others the percentage of - butter
fat disclosed by the analyses was below
the standard set by the department. Six
complaints against the dairymen were
sworn to yesterday in Police Judge Cab
aniss' court and warrants were issued,
the complainants being Health Board in
spectors. The arrests were ordered by
Dr. ' William C. Hassler, chief sanitary
inspector. The dairymen* accused and the
charges follow:
DAIRIES ACCUSED.
Green Valley - Dairy, 703 Vienna street;
J. Linehan, proprietor; coal tar found,
and butter fat 2.6 per cent.
Phoenix Dairy, 1323 Wolsey street; J. T.
Quarles, proprietor; butter fat 2.8 • pef
cent. •
Mount Hamilton Dairy, 901 Silver ave
nue; F. Marty, proprietor; butter fat 3
per cent.
Millbrae California Milk Company,
Twenty-nrst and Folsom streets; Shafer
& Green, proprietors; coal tar dye found.
Bay View Ranch, Bay View; J. Sarthou,
proprietor; butter fat 2.9 per cent.
Denver Dairy. Sixteenth avenue South;
butter fat 3 per cent.
Besides these Cassles Bros., 400 Cam
bridge street, were ordered arrested • on
account of their butter fat being 3 per
cent Instead of 3.4 per cent, the standard^
fixed by the board. Against Linehan*
there are two charges, one of using coal
tar dyes, the other, of selling milk with
too low. a percentage of butter fat In it.-
These orders of arrest were based on
the report of H. D. Gibbs, the city chem
ist, who made. the analyses and the bac
teriological examination, of the milk
samples taken from the dairies. ' In
spectors M. J. Brady, William Lendrum,
J. F. Derham, Thomas Lydon and John
Brown with Dr. Hassler took the samples.
In the same report complaint was made
that skimmed milk had been found in a
wagon of Benedict Bros.' dairy, 524 Cas
tro street.
After the warrants had been Issued
Health Officer Ragan directed the witn
drawal of the complaints against Marty,
Sarthou, Zwlssig and Cassles Broe. on the
ground that their previous records tfaa
been good and the tests showed their
milk to be only a trifle belaw. the stand-^
ard. Dr. Ragan said the department was
operating this season v of the year on a
3.2 per cent basis.
The Health Olflcer further - 6ald that
the lowering of the standard now was
due to the fact that on dry feed the per
centage of butter fat Is lower than on
grass feed.
Many milk samcles from other dairies
tested out pus,, detritus and bacilli. But
no action was taken against them, as the
conditions, while showing dirty milk, were
not considered serious enough to warrant
more than a reprimand. . .
Or. Hassler has decided to enforce new
regulations to compel more cleanliness in
the delivery of. millo He believes that
much of the filth found in the fluid un
der bacteriological "examination-i s trace
able to' the exposed conditions of the
measures and cans In the wagons. Spe
cial receptacles for these utensils will be
required and the collection of bacteria
checked so" far as possible.
COALTARDYE HARMFUL.
Dr. Hassler said yesterday:
The coal tar dyes that are found in the milk
are used, to impart a rich, creamy appearance,
such a» the milk ' from " one of the grass fed
cowb In the country would show. Milk > often
takes on a thin, bluish hue that is commer
cially a detriment. That tinge is especially
evident. in milk at this time of the year, when
the cows are ijlven - dry rodder, hay. and the
like This coal tar. dye is handled in the, form
of *'la*tone," ? a commercial - preparation o£ an
aniline orange dye in, the coal tar series.
ThJs coal tar dye impairs digestion and is
rated as deleterious by medical men. It would
be dangerous for a baby sof low vitality, to
take it in " milk, :as ~ the impairment of dl
cestion would cause an organic .weakening that
could produce : death: - The question ' of butter
fat 1b one thaf gives the department much
trouble. While a standard has been set, there
are cases where a lowering of the standard oc
curs even In ; dairies that "are of the highest
trade Of course, when tne fat falls off too
tar it' means the milk la not to be rated v nt
for human consumption.
Dr. Hassler yesterday. . seized slxUen
THE S AN FRANGISGO GALL, TUESpAY,;:OCTG)BER >24, 1 905.
STEAMER'S
PASSENGERS
FRIGHTENED
Gas Gathers in Smokestack
of Bay City and Become?
Ignited, Causing Panic
Until Cause Is- Discerned
MANY ABE ALAEMED
BY THE OCCUEEENCE
Captain Gives Distress Sig
nals and Women GrowJlys
terical During the Alarm
and for Some Time After
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— There was a min
iature panic aboard the ferry steamer
Bay City this afternoon when gas that
had gathered in the smokestack was Ig
nited. Nearly all the fifty passengers^
rushed for life preservers and even Cap
tain McLean was so badly alarmed .that
he gave orders for two danger signals,
which caused considerable commotion
among the craft on the bay.
It was on the Bay City's 5 o'clock trip
from Ban Francisco, the last trip of the
day, that the trouble occurred. ' The Bay
City had cleared the slip on the other
side and got out into the stream, with her
nose headed for Goat Island, when the
gas. in the smokestack blazed up. Chief
Engineer Zeelander was notified and im
mediately reversed the engine, while Cap
tain McLean gave orders for a signal of
distress. It was feared the boat was
doomed as - the smokestack' was giving
forth large volumes of flame.
But the flames were soon extinguished.
A few minutes later they broke out again
and once more the danger signal was
sounded, but owing to the prompt work
of the crew the second blaze was as
harmless as the first. The boat then
proceeded to its slip at the foot of Broad
way under half steam.
During the trip over more than half
the passengers wore life preservers and
the - greatest excitement prevailed. Sev
eral women passengers were panic strick
en and hysterical | when the boat reached
Oakland. Besides the fifty passengers
there were twenty-two express teams on
the boat.
The Bay City Is on the creek ' route of
the Southern Pacific and is the only ferry
boat that now burns coal. Her boilers
and furnaces are sail I to be in a bad con
dition and recently were | condemned by
the Government inspectors. An exten
sion of time, howeve *, was granted to re
pair her.
TEAMSTERS BAY
QUIT IN GOTHAM
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— 0n the. issue of
an open shop a general strike of team
sters in New York, Involving an army of
fifty thousand men, will occur within a
few hours, unless one side or the other
yields on this vital point. Each side de
livered an ultimatum in the; struggle f to
day. At a meeting of 200 boss truckmen
it was determined to make i a fight for
the open shop regardless of consequences.
The members of Local No. 70S of the In
ternational Brotherhood of Teamsters
have already agreed to order a strike on
every one of the 225 employers who; re
fuses to sign an agreement that none
but union drivers shall be employed or
those who signify their willingness to
join the union.
At a meeting of the. Grand Executive
Council of the International Brotherhood
to* be held to-morrow evening, it is ex
pected the action of Local No. 708 will be
ratified and the support of the - entire
brotherhood pledged in the (impending
struggle. In ' the Grand Executive Coun
cil are/ represented twenty- two "locals,
which • means fifty thousand; men, includ
ing milk wagon drivers, . express drivers,
cabmen and mail wagon drivers, as well,
as the drivers of delivery wagons ; and
truckmen .in all branches I of ' the trade.
With \u25a0 thlß backing there ; is little reason
to doubt that . the executive committee of
Local No. ,708. 'will feel strong enough to
order out 'the men employed,, by, the. boss
truckmen who refuse to . sign ; the new
agreement prescribing that none but
union men shall be employed as drivers.
Already forty strike breakers have been
put to work for Thomas Orr, whose em
ployes have been on strike for several
days. Convoyed by mounted \ policemen
and with ' armed Plnkerton guards riding
beside the drivers, eight of Orr"s nineteen
trucks were" kept 'moving* to-day. .
\u25a0 Union freight ; handlers to-day refused
to touch goods delivered by non-union
drivers.
empty milk cans from J.,Mlcchi, a dairy
man of Sausallto.'who was driving, along
in a wagon with them 7. hear the . water,
front. The, \pans,JMicchir said; ..were* for
the Standard " Milk Comoany. ; and 'were
in a frightfully dirty • condition. They
gave forth a" terrible . odor due • to decom- t
posing, substances left therein. SHassler
says the cans will not be permitted to be
used again ' for the . holding " of . milk. '
THE GENUINE
Natural B Avoid
Alkaline flf Imitations!
Jmm&k Whlch hav *
TKBONLrfflp Propertle..
genuine S./j7 aa . . , '\u25a0 ,
VTTIIV "iSsaufSK?! Analysis made
V.a*^Jul »; yi#»uY t Iby Fraser & Co.
-—
Bottled at the Jf^SSl^ shows Syphon
NATURAL SfS^J|k^ Kfcfty to be only
SPRINQB in S^JS^JI Croton water
France. Never charged with
•oldinSyphons LfflllgjillMv gat.
Sold in Pints arid Quarts only
m Awl V O(\ I AT^ I IMTT &
\u25a0EMS' ;'. .•-..•"\u25a0\u25a0,' \u25a0 wW - - , \u25a0 > ' MS \u25a0\u25a0 BB Efl "^^^^H-T
1 OCEAN SHORE COMPANY 1 CjCfi^Tl oG^Cil 1 f^BiCL W
I INCREASES ITS CAPITAL 1 "^f. ******** »^^r^»^#«i» A %»^rv «
H President \V. E. Dean and Secretary M The GrfililTl Of HfllfltlOOll BSV PPODSFtV * ffi
fi I«urke Corbet of the Ocean Shore Rail- \u25a0 * **^ X '» V/* * »%***la*Vr%/*» *#«jr A « V/|JWI fcJT Mi
M wny ye«iter«lny tiled amended nrtlrle* of m * gfj
B tn<-ori>oratlon and a certificate, of the M - , • BSW flf
W action of the Btookholders increasinß M -r^i i i-\ i i \u25a0 I , • J t 1 i" ' l j /-\ T\ t_ A¥
I h th?^a n tlr f . r nS I \u25a0 The. only "Beach lots obtainable are located on Ocean Beach A
1 t l! ofth°e r S^.'SSSTSf Vom . . I Tract: Don't forget this. \u25a0
\u25a0.\u25a0;s?"ffil."2S^«-£ ll iKSa>™ I . When we say we are offering you tHe best and choicest m
W' tHken resterday nfternoon at a meetlnK \u25a0 >. i it * I^l i \ 1 i i • 1 i • 1 i « WSsk
B^ortheMockh^der.. at 27.740 oißp ro p er ty and the only Beach lots obtainable/we mean just what B
Bf the 30.000 «hare» outstandins Trere H| r r J J, t' a , r i > • £0
| voted. \u25a0W e say. There are other lots, of course, but none possessing m
the many advantages to be found in Ocean Beach lots for the H
M^ BECAUSE of their accessibility to the beach — Halfmoon Bay's greatest attraction. fl
Em BECAUSE of the nearness to the Ocean Shore Depot. * Jm
X Lots similarly located at Long Beach and Ocean Park, Los Angeles, are selling Jy
from $2000 to $4000. The future of these cities is not to be
M These lots arc big lots. hTIR^T fWPIMF RIIMTm
\u25a0 They are double lots with two frontages, 50x142.6, 1 iinOl LllUllVL UUIW I
fronting on a broad avenue overlooking the bay. m ni/m TDHPI/C fIC U
ff The price is their first price— their initial price— s3oo 1 UVtli 1 IIALIXO Ul §
§S to $375. Better than money in the bank. Get in on the i riu olmnr H
m groundfloor. . I rflS SHIInr 1
m Here is a lot of ground for little money. Values will i uuLni^unuiiLi a
\u25a0 multiply rapidly here. Title perfect, guaranteed by Title In- -I rspwlalDlSP .t A to tt e E xa in i,«.) H
W surance and Guarantee Go. Sp^ fi «f™ ?*v%. <«. f^-^gj- I
Mg& . ,/^nt-» it i m «•««»*«*<* on th « initial run of O«eaa Kg
m - Excursions Thursdays and Sundays to Ocean Beach Tract. M sj>«»" h^ cn ' la \\ y \ t "" tte 1
j^f J . . .- J . fl9 track rrhlch haa thn» far heen laid as H
Wit * wt' far an Moore's Gulch. The enjclne «tart- H
' \ •:...-,- M ed from the Southern Paclflc round- B
H For Maps and Dwcriptive^^M^^ M S^^VS? .^TSkFSfSZ I
Sia WW 9 W ' .^H^ A a m ' JB^. JO&L. went the entire distance.
30 \Mkff 1 lU[f^nr^ fk. At #^% m^O^k EL The tmtine m»de fast <!me. For the 4l
m§ W«f 1 I vim IN 1 aii M^M VST JA M m. a B time beiaK th« Southfji Pgciflc round. W
m INVESTMENT BANKERS-^ fi S^S^^iTJ I
m 79 New Montgomery Street - - San Francisco, Cal. j| SLSStS: VmTe d *££ ™Z£ I
COURT RULING
OPENS A WAY
Support to the theory, that lawyers who
are not overrun with business ; are going
to try for the guardianships of the .es
tates and persons of certain asylum pa
tients is given by a statement from L.
C. Wlttenmeyer, son of the former guard
ian of aged Walter. K. Dell, just released
from .; the ' Stockton Asylum on,' habeas
corpus proceedings by C. W, ; Eastin, . at
torney, who also wishes to control his
estate. It seems that under a decision
of the Supreme Court many patients now
in;. the. State hospitals could be , released
on habeas corpus proceedings, and that
they, are only : in' these "institutions 'be
cause no. one wishes to have them lib
erated. ' . \u25a0 , ' •
' • Mr. Wittenmeyer said In an interview
yesterday: "
vln the case \u25a0 of. Lambert .the . Supreme Court
decided \u25a0 that . the former law . by : which insane
were . committed wan unconstitutional, : and so
any.'; one who , was declared ; insane and \u25a0.. com
mitted -\u25a0 to -an asylum -. between; the years 1597
and v 1803 is held illegally and • can be released
by a" writ of, habeas corpus. "Consequently any
one; who was appointed guardian of the estate
of an insane person during , that time :is \u25a0 not
legally in . charge. . .Thus : when an j insane per
son -Is released through a writ : he can appoint
a new ' guardian, - if he is able, or a new .. on«
may be appointed ' for ' him. -. He stands before,
the .law just as he, did before his Brit ' commit
ment.'" ; • . • * "' ••.". . '\u25a0':.';• : \u25a0>-. \u25a0'\u25a0
\u25a0 The Dell case is peculiar. Mr. . Dell \u25a0 was ad-
Judged • incompetent In 1882 and the guardian
of; himself and his property was appointed at
that. time. 'That makes his guardianship legal,
although hla ' final commitment in 1898 was Il
legal. \u25a0 Mr,> Eos tin went « up rto the " Stockton
Asylum ,of . his own : accord • and : got < Dell- out.'
He . had a power of attorney already made out
and • he had : Dell : sign this, ' along with other
papers.' But I appeared \u25a0 for ' Mrs. Dell, now
the - guardian,' and . showed i that* the guardian
was • first appointed, not under the unconstitu
tional act. but In 1802. Now Eastin is attack
ing the validity of certain of Mra. Dell's afn\
davits: v \u25a0. : '- \u25a0 - - : - \u25a0 . : \u25a0"." ' "V r ' --\u0084 --• \u25a0 \u25a0 .•\u25a0 -' \u25a0' \u25a0 ."•;
It -Is possible ; for any one ;to < get • out on • a
writ ; of . habeas , corpus any ineane who ' were
committed * under " the . old \u25a0'\u25a0 law. \u25a0 ; In this ' way
they i can : get hold *~ of \ their property. <: A - State
•official told 'me Uhat; he 'naa ; heard of a ring
of San Franciscans who had organized' for; this
.very .' purpose. ;, > He . told me :-> that they -a were
searching the record* • of > the . insane ( and the
incompetent and • had :. been \u25a0-' at , the - work ' for
some time. /The fact thnt Mrs. Dell was ap
pointed | in ; 1892 is the only | thing .that prevents ,
Eastin from.bclng the. legal guardian •of tho
man and his property. "•: The amount .of the
is only a bout SSSOOO. , - •
A communication -bearing Dell's ; name
has been sent i to iThe Call.;, In ! iffce says
he will : punish all > the "scoundrels" that
sent ' him ;-,to " the f asylum > and /got{control
of his : property.. He" says :i many) people'
think '.. they '"can \ manage ., other ; people's,
property : better .} than* ; the t owners of it,
Just ; as • many J people 't think i 1i 1 they ,would
make , better,: presidents ; than ; the • person
occupying the ; chair. ;?\u25a0 His : wif e I having:
obtained "a' divorce ; from :. him Awhile ihe
was in the , asylum,: he : warns all'divorced
men;: to I; be ,: that : their "divorced
wives edo ' not 'put i them) into , ; madhouses/
-About- going - to ; Martinez ", he : says: ' :
I ' understand I that ;" Judgel Well* s h*«l ordered
that I appear in'court iniMartlnex.v, Maybe' he
wants to | hand my person | over to , my.i divorced
wife I to i receive - punishment *" for * having _• suc
cessfully "- fought : my - way ; out sof an \u25a0 asylum. 1
"With air due respect: to itha learned: Judge.' rll
consider i, the*i matter, y. and t tori th« i; present - X
think '\u25a0 San i Francisco iif good \ enough \ for i me,*,
and lif I have : to have • a < guardian \u25a0 I'll ; rather
take my chancea : before . Judge ; Coftey, who
may have = pity ; on ' divorced i husbands j and ': not
appoint a divorced wife the guardian, ,'y^ '
. .TheP case 8 came; up j before /Judge iWells
yesterday,'? and •; by "•" consent S of I. both v sides
went over for "one: week.-" . ;
Votlns h Machine Not Indicted.
The Grand 1 Jury V spent < part : .lbf ;^ its,
session yesterday In' Inspecting theyirot-;
ing> machined and Htryingr ?to I find V. out
wherein; it; might 'be '/beaten.". ;:One of
; the * machines " ;y was I rolled \u25a0;\u25a0 'I into ";. the
chambers of ? the 'jury*; and thel members
in vesti grated ' its \u25a0 workin gs. No ; indict-,
nient against the machine' was returned
atttheltimft^A'v-' ;• \u25a0- ;\u25a0"; \u25a0\u25a0 "' ;-.'-VS^^,
CHAELES F. MUEPHY
t-: TO BE
Tainihany Leader Needed in
, tlie :New York Lisur
\u25a0i'y ance. lnquiry^
\u25a0NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— 1t was stated;to
day that Charles P. . Murphy, a leader of
Tammany Hall, and Patrick McCarren, T
Democratic leader , in " Brooklyn, will be
called to testify, before the insurance in
vestigating : ' committee. The / purpose \u25a0of
summoning ; them : is to /discover .; whether
they know . anything about the affairs of
the New York Dock ' Company, which
owns wharf and warehouse property *in
Brooklyn. . The -Mutual Life Insurance
Company . owns about $3,850,000 \ of : its se
curities. It was reported 1 to-day that an
attempt to. sell this property to the city
of J New York was I made some time ago
and that > Murphy i and McCarren will be
questioned : on 1 , this: point. '
CHICAGO, Oct 23.— Officials of the Illi
nois Life Insurance • Company, who have
been called on by the State Insurance De
partment : to ' explain a transaction involv
ing the -, alleged 'payment ; of * somel 165,000
expendedin 1903 at a time when a meas
ure ,was | pending ; before [ the \ Kansas | Leg
islature "providing for the taking over of
the. Kansas Mutual • Life ; lnsurance ! Com
pany by \u25a0 the ; Illinois concern, - say the \ en
tire affair .will be cleared ; up "on Wednes-
. SfSKJofr Parlor Furniture la^P IF
• '{B'i^** %^*^^^r^**^%? \u25a0* i There have been two extremes in Par- e>F I R gf^^ _[_ jf \\
Mgl y-l^^lluS^^-^r^^m !<> r Furniture, the over-stuffed (and it hi j V "'*-«•.„'**" \•\u25a0'^-V\ •\u25a0'^-V ~C"^^l |\
• plain polished ivood. seat, neither en- Eff^y-y^^^- "*'''' T-'v^^T^ljl
i\~l El tJ "-> Frames that display the beauties of 1 1 1 . / W. \ p
..'MflaJ. U '%&'\u25a0* polished wood, but. have the comfort. of . |l|l"/ »#*
- ' ;; ' i "-^, •' •-' II" - -luxurious -cushions with- springs be-" ul| if
— • rrr—-. — 35*. sofa' cushions. "'\u25a0'\u25a0 II 10c chixa plites or cup, a.\d saitceb. . /
66 S : \u25a0\u25a0 t J& a sh l i^i e -- P «j^tnches^auar^-" and though full' 'sizes and ' the da intiest^ of patterns: -
?^W '\u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:: POSIT ' VELYNO MAILiORtTELEPHONE'ORDE*Srt.LL^BZ;ACC£s'TEO FOR ADVERTISED ART. CLES. ; ,
day. President , Stevens of the Illinois
Life to-day, said: \u25a0 • -
Not one dollar of the money was paid by. the
Illinois Life Insurance Company or any/ one in
Its interest for the purpose of influencing leg
islation in Kansas. '
.. Additional! charges 'against officers of
the; Western Life Indemnity Company
were made in a supplemental • bill for an
Injunction \u25a0 filed < to-day by ' attorneys for
the ' policy holders. The new charges are
based on , the contents of. a report by the
State Superintendent of Insurance.
The supplemental bill sets "up that three
directors wko. purchased 8000 shares of
stock in ithe Security \u25a0 Life and Annuity
Company acted without legal authority.
It \u25a0is declared \ that as a result of fla
grant mismanagement by the , present of
ficers the total assets/ of the Western
Life and Indemnity Company will; not
exceed $150,000. W. H. Gray, is accused of
being in a conspiracy with President
Moulton ' and General Manager Rosenfleld
to wreck • the comoany.
CLEAN BILL FOR PRESIDENT.
MpNTGOMERY, Ala!. Oct. 23— W..H.
Brassell, secretary 7 of the /Alabama
Board, of. Health, boarded the , special
train of President Roosevelt at Brihson,
Ga., . and : upon a.ffldavits ; of Surgeon
General Rlxey; issued 'a clean bill of
health to the Presidential party. -
;. Mr. Roosevelt told Secretary Brassell
that; he" wished to ; conform with all
Quarantine regulations.
FIRE DAMAGES HOME
OF GOVERNOR FOLK
Missouri Executive Fjghts
Blaze' in the Early
Morning. £
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo.. Oct. 28. —
The Governor's mansion at Jefferson
City was damaged to the extent of
$10,090 by fire at 3 o'clock this morn
ing. Governor Folk, his wife and
guests had to seek quarters at a near
by. hoteL . . •
Governor Folk was aroused by the
crackling of the flames. He telephoned
the fire department and then attempted
j to put out with fire extinguishers the
blaze, which was burning in the sec
ond story hallway. The Governor's ef
forts to stay the flames proved inef
fective, and after seeing hla wife and
their five eruests were safe, he devoted
himself to -saving the portraits of his
predecessors ln'offloe. After more than
an hour's labor the firemen extin-.
guished the flames. The flre is be
lieved to have- started from a defective
flue. ".
The mansion was erected la 1872 at
a cost of $15,000. Since then frequent
appropriations have been made by the
Legislature and the Improvements) and
furnishings have cost $75,000 % mor«k
The loss is fully covered by larurano*.
78
THE SANFRANCISCQCALL
JOHN* D. SPRECKELS • • • • • \u25a0 . •' .Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOIIX McXAUGIIT . . : \u25a0'\u25a0' ..Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIED AND MARICET~STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
TUESDAY . . . . ..OCTOBER 24, 1905
MR. RUEF ON MURDER.
IN his Alhambra speech Mr. Ruef devoted much time to denun
ciation of the newspapers. He ran the gamut over and back in
attacking them because they oppose his re-election as actual
Mayor of San Francisco. We by no means underwrite everything
that has been said by the press in this campaign,. or in the proces
sion of events that have led up to it. It is a law of human %ffairs
that where transgression is there will be overwrought descriptions
of its conditions. This is unavoidable. But because some may go
to extremes shall others hold back their hands and refuse to smite
the transgressor? We think not.
The Call has dealt with what it believes to be a system of mis
government, inimical to law and order. We have believed, and do
believe* that the known facts justify the belief that the city ad
ministration is weak and venal. Believing this, we haVe to say so,
regardless of the wrath the saying will arouse. It "is not to our
interest to blacken the fame of San Francisco. Nor is it to our in
terest to permit this tp be done by the sworn guardians of the- city's
good name. A newspaper owes to its readers fairness and fearless
ness in dealing with public men and matters, and we have tried to
be fair and fearless.
Whether we have succeeded or not, Mr. Ruef is not the judge.
The prisoner at the bar is not equipped to pass impartial judgment
on the jury. In his four hours' speech Mr. Ruef wore out the cork
screw of rhetoric in uncorking the vials of his wrath, and, as is al
ways the case with an angry man, gave to his hearers a' great deal
of bad advice. anB among, it this : "Let me tell you, there are
only two ways of getting at a newspaper. One is to sue them for
libel and the other is to kill them." This is a bad sentence, quoted
just as it appears in Mr. Ruefs organ. What the excited oratpr
meant was, that there are two ways of getting at a newspaper man,
one being a libel suit and the other murder.
He made this plain iruhis next sentence, as follows: "The kill
ing is very unsatisfactory because it merely removes one scoundrel,
one blackguard, one blackmailer from the earth, but it brings to
your family and those who are depending on you a great deal of
misery and suffering until a jury can dismiss the case against you,
because nobody is going to convict anybody in this community for
killing a newspaper man. I wish you would all leave your names
here, because if I ever get foolish enough to do a thing of that kind
I want you all on the jury."
These interesting remarks were received with howls of ap
plause by his followers, and the reporters present felt rather un
comfortable. The discharge of their duty by newspapers does not
always make them popular. Xor is their command of publicity/al
ways wisely used. But suppression of criticism by murder or the
threat to murder is far less tolerable than misuse of publicity. The
press has always been denounced by the corrupt for its exposure of
corruption. The terms employed by Mr. Ruef axe not .original with
him. They are borrowed out of the vocabulary of public scoundrel
ism arid miscreancy, that has been used whenever and wherever
graft, corruption and indecency have been exposed by a newspaper.
Mr. Ruefs denunciation was uttered here long ago, and his
method of preventing criticism by the press was long ago advised
and tried. He is historically inaccurate. There has been hanging
for murdering a newspaper man in San Francisco. »It was in a time
that much resembles these days. There was official partnership'
with vice and crime. Vice earned the profits of immunity and di
vided them with the official representatives of the people. Decent
people went softly and stayed in nights. The conditions resembled
those described by the Grand Jury in its last report. A newspaper
man in those days offended the powers by denouncing the condi
tions they permitted and from which they profited. For this he
was shot" down on the street by one of the political supporters of
the conditions he had denounced. The thief of police stood by,
apparently to protect the assassin.
The murderer was taken to jail, where he held levees and waited,
for that vindication by a jury which Mr. Ruef says is due all assas
sins who murder newspaper men. But the vindication never came,
nor the petit jury. The larger jury, the Vigilance Committee, took
the assassin from jail, tried him and hanged him out over the side
walk from a window on Sacramento stret, down near Front. We
will take pleasure in pointing out the exact spot to Mr. Ruef any
time that he will call. It may help him not to "get foolish and try to
suppress criticism by murder. We desire also to admonish him that
the people make a distinction between newspaper attacks upon pri
vate citizens, which are hardly ever justifiable and usually justly
offensive, and newspaper criticism of public affairs. The one is the
invasion of private rights. The other is the discharge of a public
duty. If Mr. Ruefs threat of murder overawe the press there can
be a riot of corruption unending and unchecked, except by a vigi
lance committee.
THE BANK COMMISSION.
THE State Bank Commission has done well in its timely warn
ing against unsafe and risky financiering on the part of bank
ing institutions. Perhaps we have rather a surplus of loan and
discount banks, and this may account for some of the risks they take
to establish themselves. The special violation of the statute as
well as of the sound policy of banking, to which the commission has
called sharp attention, is the loaning of depositors' money to stock
holders in the bank to pay for their stock, taking their promissory
notes in security.
'This is forbidden by the statute, and by prudence and proper
policy. It is supposed by depositors that the stockholders in a bank
invest their own capital in its shares, and that is a guarantee of
the soundness of the bank. When they take the money of depositors
to pay for the stock a grievous offense is committed. On a small
scale it is a repetition of the methods of frenzied finance followed
by the great insurance 'companies of New York, which are now un
der investigation and doomed to punishment.
That our Bank Commission promptly stamps it for what it is
is evidence that the Commissioners are not doing merely perfunctory
work, but are doing their duty as the guardians of the money of
depositors and the protectors of that right system of credit which
is necessary to the transaction of business. It is expected, and cer
tainly is to be hoped, that the institution that has furnished the ex
ample and the opportunity for admonition will be able to promptly
right itself and continue its business, on- a' proper and legitimate
system without loss either to its depositors or its stockholders.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
The Supreme Court of Kansas has gravely • decided that a pool-table
is a billiard-table. This is one of the most notable decisions since George
E. Cole, then State Auditor, held that there were thirty days in February.
— Kansas City Star.
» * t ,
Really. Mr. Rockefeller might not have objected to being kidnaped'' by
"Pat" Crowe. It would have been a hair-raising adventure, and that* would
have helped some. — New York Herald.
Mr. Rockefeller told his Cleveland Sunday school that he felt like a
sponge and not like a pump, and any one who tries to squeeze, him- will
find the difference. — Brooklyn Citizen,
> .: .'\u25a0 .
President McCall contends that there are two sides to the life insur
ance business. It is clear enough that the policy-holders have the outside.
— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
It costs $117,000,000 a year to run New York City. So that, after all,
there is at least one thing that costs more to run than an automobile.—
% Baltimore Sun.
— . > .• , ;
The policy-holder worth doing at all Is worth doing well. — New York
World.
Cooing comes before marriage and billing afterward.— Dallas News
'\u25a0: vTHEV SAN ; CALL,' TUESDAYy^QCTpBER 24, 1905,
Occidental
Accidentals
A. J. Waterhouse
DORRINS CAMP'S FIRST CONVERT.
A'REVREND gent named Ephr'im
Baynes some Board of Mis
sions sent \u25a0
To grapple with the -wanderers that
lives . In sinning: spent, . -l.v.
And concerning of his advent— well,
he 'wandered'- round: alone.
For there want enthoosiasm that" was
noticeable shown. \u25a0\u25a0
He was a mild and' gentle sent as e'er
made heaven his goal,
Who frequent met.-the boys and said,
"My brother, -how's your soul?" V
We treated him respectful, when ; we
treated him at'all,:
But he preached to'empty benches in a
sgj mighty empty hall; .: \u25a0\u25a0_;
And while he spoke God's name In love
and said, "Now let us pray,"
'Twas spoke by some outside the hall
In quite a diff'rent way. ;
Bill Simmon*' wife — she was some red,
but what does color count? — V".
Was taken of some , dread disease in
quite a large amount.
And likewise, too, his child was took, a
little, black-haired kid.
And then Bill Simmons" anxiousness, It'
couldn't well be hid, •'
For that there pretty black-eyed boy,
the cussed, little scamp,
Was the pride and the affection of Bill
Simmons anfd the camp. 'Z >} •
He sent to Sacramento for a doctor,
and he come; '-\u25a0\u25a0\u0084 \
And first he looked almighty wise, and,
the., pecooliar glum, * ,
And then he stuck a card outside that
read, "They's smallpox here!"
And there was grief in Dobbins Camp
.and days was mighty drear.
I am not made to sling bokays, but
this here thing I say:- - - -
That mild and gentle gospel sharp, he
loomed up big that day. .
lie went to Simmons' cabin then and
says, "What can I do?"
Fol* he had seen his duty plain and
meant to see It through. --.-
And there he stayed and resked his
life the kid and ma to cure, >
While old Bill Simmons wiped his eyes
and says, "An angel, sure!"
And after they was : up and round- his
. lamp of life grew dim, 1
Till Dobbins Camp forgot to cuss, the
while it prayed for him;
*And them there prayers, they hit the
mark, for Ephr'im Baynes pulled
through.
And all the boys raised hats to him to
show his style they knew.
'Twan't very long before there run a
rumor here and there \u25a0
That Bill had been converted and had
righteousness to spare;
And so we put it straight to him in
somethin' like. this style:
"We hear you've turned from carnal
ways and bask in heaven's
smile?"
"I have," says Bill. "I may be weak,
but this here thing I know: ...^
"I'm goin' to back that parson chap
while I have got a show,
And I can lick the damdashed blank
that says a word agen" —
We didn't mind his fervent words; we
merely said, "Amen!"
While Ephr'inv Baynes remained >, in
camp what Bill had said he did,
But when he left I'm grieved to 'say
that William then backslid.
BRUDDER BEGU3I COCERTATES.
De Lawd',har ,a,rjght-,ter make me
brack, but 1 wish-He'd^'flected erwhile
•foh he did it. : .
Still, when I sees what some white
folks is I's mouh or less grateful 1 foh
de favor he showed me. -;v; v
De Lawd says ter some -people jwhen
he's obstructin' dem. "Would yo' Jrefer
a white soul an' a brack body er a brack
soul an' a white body?"— an* den dey
s'lects jus' de way dey wants ter.
Brudder Booker Wash'nton is done doin'
er noble wohk— trubble Is dey's so many
fool niggahs pullin' in de- ofler d'rection.
Anyways. I'd rather be brack an' know
it dan be white an' nebbah" once siirspec'
what ails me.
"My daughter is a recognized artist."
"You mean in the general sense, I pre
sume, for I have heard that she is on the
stage."
"Well, perhaps; but she draws, too.
"Does she, indeed! ' What does she
draw?".
"Large audiences." .
"Did you ever hear- it remarked that a
man must die in order to beat the life
insurance game?"
"Of course I have."
"Well, that Idea had its origin in the
old days. A better method of beating that
game now has been discovered."
"What is it?"
"Why, become an official in the com
pany." '. '\u0084 ;' . ,'• '.'.
\u25a0 "She captured . her husband; my sing
ing to him, 'I'm wearing my heart away
for you.' " • -
"Wasn't that delightful!"* "'
"Well, I don't know. Now that they are
married, he says he has -discovered that
she wore It- entirely away."
THE BLESSING LIFE GIVES.
The world gives me lodging and clothing
and board,
And little beside does it give,
For small is the use to scrape and to
•hoard, .
That an heir may in luxury live;
But the visions 1 see and the dreams that
I know—
-Ah, these are the - soul » of., a -.life; '
They have, nothing to "do, wherever we
go, - • •
W,i tn the worry and hurry and strife.
I may leave to my heir the wealth that
will gnaw • ;
Till it ruin the worth of the man—
"Thus much and no more" is the infinite
j law '-' ... . ';'
That was writ in the infinite plan— .
But if I may give him a part in my
dreams ; . \
In the wonderf uV hour of his birth;
He shall drink where God's fountain un
ceasingly streams, .'.:':
For they are I the glory "of earth. ;
STUTTERING SIMON'S SOLILOQUY.'
S-s-salvation's f-f-free, but I've n-noticed
that even then its d-d-d-dispensers can't
always g-B-&ive it; away. -V^
S-s-set ' a thief .to - c-c-c-catch ; a thief,
and if. they d-d-don' t c-c-connubialize 1 you
may b-b-be all right. :,Z -. ..' v V V^
If you ' d-d-don't : b-b-b-believe that a
p-p-politician can -; p-p-point with p-p-p
pride to a record that ought to be f-fumi
gated., look ab-b-bout you and s-see what
you s-'s-see. _\u25a0 _ ' '\u0084 ; ' : • '\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 ' *.. . "' \ :
"He says that faith without works is
dead." > •»•>• . : :
\u25a0 "Well, what *of it?" ._- ...
1 '/Nothing; only,, if. I can judge of his
faith by, 'his"- works 1 1 should -think that
Its decease would be i preferable." i" '" v
"He callß her his honey." - \u25a0 ; '
-/'That .ls^Eweet of ..him.*.' ,\u25a0 „ , •, _ V
; "Yes,' lt.-.would^bej'WVhe-dld^notjimme^
diatelyj^ explain > that* It ~ is ."because there
are ' so many 'cells', about her." \u25a0-"/;".•' ,:,••-> -
A bit of rain or a-bit ! 6f shine; v" .
Sunllßht, or ". the black piling,
And if more or lessMs yours orj mine,.
Why, the" way 'ls to take ; it smiling.:
' — '\u25a0'\u25a0",. ' ""\u2666 * . . -.' . ". ''. • '\u25a0'.. '•
Getting -Americanised.
:, Japamse girls are being employed inithe
ticket and other offices of Japanese : railv
ways."." ' '"".\u25a0•*' v *.n *\u25a0 ~'
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
CHARMING FROCK FOR STREET OR HOUSE WEAR.
A PRETTY shade of 'rose-red henrietta is employed for this dainty
little frock: and- a much 'deeper shade of velvet, accentuates the color
scheme. The blouse fastens in the ' back, J the front displaying an in
serted chemisette and high collar. of lace, the- dark velvet serving to en
frame this all around. Deep pleats on shoulders allow for sufficient
fullness across the chest, and little tucks are grouped. below the chemisette.
The sleeve has the modish double effect,''- the upper part of the henrietta,
this assuming a loose puff form, and the lower part of the lace_to match the
chemisette, a flaring cuff of velvet dividing the two. A sash of 'velvet ribbon
to match is tied around the \u25a0 waist, quite an elaborate series of loops and
ends apearing in the back, and coming but half way to the hem of the
skirt. The skirt, has a box-pleated tabller front, thepleats stitched down
almost to the knee, and then well pressed from there. The sides are
circular, darted over the hips, and the back follows the front gore in
arrangement. Two rows of velvet ribbon, each of varying- width, appear
on the hem. :
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
MUSSEL SLOUGH— lnquisitive, City.
You will find all about the Mussel Slough
trouble In Prof. Royce's History of Cali T
fornia and In his novel, 'The Feud of
Oakneld Creek."
CANOLE-NELSON-TSubsscriber. Oak
land, Cal. During v the Canole-Nelson
fight Canole did not knock Nelson down
at any time. 'There was no knock down
till Nelson put Canole out. , -
DE -YOUNG — Several, Subscribers.
City. It was' within a few minutes of
8 o'clock on ,the night of April 23, 1880,
that Charles de Young, one of the pro
prietors of the Chronicle, was shot and
killed In his office at-the northeast cor
ner-of Bush and Kearny streets, San
Francisco. L : - : \u25a0
STOCKS— R. F. W. Any broker that
deals in stocks will be able to advise
you of the value of such stock' as you
Inquire about; that is, if -such are on
the market. If such as you wish to
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE.
LOTS COMING.
"Has Tom made the' last, pay
ment on his automobile yet?!'
"Lord, 'no!;.- It has just com
menced' to .break!" '•. •\u25a0
IS : DARKEST; AFRICA.
, King. "Tappyochre^-I \u25a0*:.". shall
keep \ these j books . and : use v them
for a\throne;~v^> :-:,:'. -
.; "Book 1 Agent-^— Thanks, '•:.*\u25a0 your
Majesty.'" I've ; -.been js trying to
get "on Vmy", books for. a
.long-time! . \
know -about are of private corporations
it may become necessary to ascertain
from each corporation if the stock is
for sale. • i
POPULATION— R. 8., City. In the cen
sus reports to be seen at the Free Public
Library reference room you will find the
name of every locality in California,
Oregon and Washington that has a pop
ulation \of 1000 or more. You can also
find the 'same information in the Bishop
A. "B. C. Guide. In that the population
of each place is given Immediately after
the name.
TOMATOES — B. W., San Cristobal,
Cuba. Works on horticulture say that
there is no remedy for tomato plants
that produce tomatoes which have a
black spot In the center as they ripen.
The only thing >to be done is to uproot
the plants and destroy them by fire.
Tomatoes so affected should not be
planted again in the same ground un
til after there has been a rotation of
crops.
OF COURSE NOT.
The. Preacher— l hope you
never lie abput your business. £
The -Merchant— Never— but I
have .a very ' optimistic. ' "ad-
PAPA" HAD TO MIXD.
'.: Henpeck'— Willie,' yuu must
mind : what'-yur. mother says; she
tells I me" you are^very ;unruly. ; ;
\u25a0•'.'.-* Willie-^-Oh! 'I.see;". you ; are
jealous ; of . me,* aint ' you ? ;,
THE SMART SET
The rapid transit schemes of E. H. Har
riman have caused', to gang agley the
plans'- ot San Francisco In general and
Burlingame in particular. ,
With their new clubhouse complete and
awaiting the presence of our land's first
daughter, 1 the smart set of that pretty
suburb is well; nigh grief-stricken now
that Mis 3 Alice Roosevelt has disap
pointed . them and is speeding across the
continent. . .
"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•-" . • • •
Among those who met the Siberia far
out were Mr. and Mrs. Peter Martin.
'». \u25a0 \u25a0••••\u0084•. •
Mrs. Peter Martin was hostess at a
dinner last evening at the home of Mrs.
Eleanor Martin on Broadway. White
roses and carnations were used in table
decoration with white shaded candelabra.
A dozen guests partook of Mrs. Martin's
hospitality.
* • •
Mrs. William H. Jordan and her daugh
ter. Miss Alice Treanor, were hostesses
yesterday at a large tea in honor of Miss
Ruth Foster' of Los Angeles.
Nearly a hundred guests called during
the afternoon. The announcement of
Miss Treanor' s engagement to Clarence
M. Oddle of New York was made.
This news cast in the shade all other
pleasant attendant features, the young
hostess quickly becoming the center of
attention.
. Mr. Oddie, who" is engaged in mining
at Tonopah, has become a citizen of the
West and will remain in this locajity per
manently. •
Mrs. Jordan and Miss Treanor were
assisted by a dozen young people in re
ceiving. The house was beautifully dec
orated for the occasion, American Beauty
roses, pinks, chrysanthemums and 1 green
ery adorning every part of the house.
j Mfss Treanor is very favored with
friends and the only regret attached to
the pleasant news is that her new home
will call her from San Francisco, for
Mr. Oddie will locate with his bride in
Tonopah. :-.- V. . *
'• • •
Dr. Louis C. Deane, who was a din
ner host in his home on Washington
street last Thursday, gave an affair
that was at once unique and artistic,
service and surroundings bearing a for
eign mark.
Upon entrance to the dining-room the
guests were confronted by a round,
beautifully polished table, devoid of
decoration or cloth, upon which were
served in courses delicacies to delight
the srourmet. j
Among the >ruest were: Gluseppl
Cadenasso, John M. Gamble, Porter
Garnet, Maynard Dixon, Xavler Mar
tinea, Leonard Chenery, C. L. Leonard.
C. H. Lamberton, Henri Lecat, Frank
THE ART OF WAITING.
Wallace Rice
From the foreign dispatches comes a
pitiful story of Miss Edith Allonby, done
to death by her own hand because she
could not secure the immediate publica
tion of a serious book she had written.
Into it had gone the best effort of which
she was capable, and she believed it had
a message of the first importance to
mankind. The refusal to publish it as
she had written it led to her taking her
own life.
It Is hard for youth to wait— and Miss
Allonby was a young woman. She had
health, beauty, independent means and
undeniable talent. All of these are
eagerly desired by every, sane human be
ing, and in themselves they constitute
nearly* all that the world holds of good.
Lacking patience, all of them" counted for
nothing. ,
Yet few men and women obtain any of
their heart's desires . much before they
reach the age of 40. As ; the world grows
older and competition demands that more
and more preparation.be given for fight
ing- Its battles, this age Increases rather
than diminishes. But to have come to
40 years is to-day almost a requisite.
Two-score of the allotted three-score-and
ten years must have passed before the
modern man or woman finds his olace In
life. "
If youth could believe this, if it could
HIS NARROW ESCAPE.
The missionary, pale and languid
from jungle fever, sat with his feet on
the porch \u25a0 railing smoking a cigar.
The New Hampshire mountains fronted
him like conflagrations, Incredibly
brilliant and beautiful with the au
tumnal coloring of their forests.
"What led you," tfie serious young
lady asked, "to choose Africa for your
sphere of usefulness?"
• "Well, you see. I am aya v Harvard
.man," said the missionary, "and at
Harvard there are often to be found
a great many young African potentates
and princes. These fellows attracted
me. That is why I chose their country
to work in."
"Did you ever have any narrow es
capes?"
The missionary smiled.
" "Narrow escapes? Well, rather."
"What was the narrowest?'*
"I was captured one day by a band
of naked cannibals. They dragged me
into the forest, chopped some wood
with their hatchets, built a tire and
put on a bis pot to boil.
. "I lay bound on the earth and amid
these ghastly preparations you may
imagine my feelings. To be cut up.
boiled and eaten— think- of It.
"Soon, the wafer began to bubble
and gurgle. The chief made a sign and
two men started to undress me. This
done, they caVrled me to the pot. Were
they going to boll me alive like a crab?
It looked like it. - .
"But just as they were about to
throw me Into the caldron the chief,
who had been . busy, cutting up pot
herbs, ..turned and happened to notice*
tattooed on my arm.the Greek'letters
of the secret society that I belonged to
at Harvard. - ..
• "He gave a loud cry.
• "TBay,* he shouted, 'we can't eat
him, you know.- He and I belong to'the
same fraternity.* "—Chicago Chronicle.
A WINNER.
'Three little girls in Harlem were one
day discoursing . about ' the " baby brothers
that had taken up ; their residence with
their respective families during the year.
: Said the first ;\u25a0 little girl, "My b". other
Tom's, got the beautifulest silver cup that
his godfather . gave him."
- ' "Oh," exclaimed . the second little girl,
"that' 3 nothing. * My brohter Willies got
the /most expensive go-cart that ever
was."
•;Well." said the" third little girl. 1 , "my
brother \u25a0 Eddie , ain't half so , big, . maybe,
as your brothers. But,", she added, .with
111-concealed "triumph, "the doctor says
he's? had' more fits than "any other.", baby
in the neighborhood .'".—Harper's" Weekly.
For "the Hallo wefen Party.
Grinning Jack OXantern. also strange
goblin candy: boxes, ; just the things to
give a ".. spooky air .to' the ' Hallowe'en
party,, are. to^.be had at -Haas' "Candy
Stores, Phelan' building and James
Flood building. •
•/The German -Emperor spends much of
his • evenings at ' home in \u25a0 reading aloud
tO;the Empress.* 'l He favors the French
novelists,' especially Ohnet.
Sally Sharp
Findley. H. J. Matrinnity and Dr. Teni
sori Dean*.
With interpolations of toasts and
speeches, this coterie of Bohemian Club
members raised an evening of unquali
fied pleasure.
. •\u25a0• , * *
The wedding- of Miss Jessie McNab
and' Judge Frank H. Kerrigan Is dated
for November 27 and will take place
at the McNab home on Broadway.
Arrangements concerning this event
are still indefinite, but many have
expressed the hope that this popular
maid will not decide upon a quiet cere-
The marriage of Miss Grace E. Nixon
of Yreka and James K. Firth of this
city took place on the evening of Oc
tober IS in Yreka.
The ceremony. performed at 9
o'clock in St. Mark's Episcopal Church
by Rev. W. E. O'Brien, was witnessed
by a large number of guests, and tha
edifice was filled with autumn flora and
greenery attractively arranged.
The reeentiop held at the home of
the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs. Rob
ert Nixon, brought also many friends
with congratulation. Mr. Firth, who is
the son of Mr. and Mrs. J. K. Firth of
this city, has taken his bride south, af
ter which <he new home will be mada
in San Francisco. -•
• \u25a0 • '.' • : :
Denis O'Sullivan will sing a farewell
this I evening to his many friends, for
he and Mrs. O'Sullivan will soon de
part for London. This will be the last
opportunity to hear hi 3 fine magnetic
voice.'
Mrs. Felton, who has been the gTiest
of her daughter. Mrs. Linda H. Bryan,
for the past three months, will leave
; for her home In Mexico n^xt week,
where she will spend the winter.
'• • *
Mrs. Everett Grimes and her daugh
ter. Miss Gertrude Macfarlane, left
yesterday for Southern Califojjiia. to
remain several weeks. A trin/to th«
Orient Is in contemplation by Miss
Macfarlane. who will probably vi3lt
Japan after stopping at her old home
in' Honolulu.
. • \u25a0-• ; ; .•;•'
Miss Katrlna Wright left yesterday
for her home in Memphis, Term., after v
spending the past three weeks In town
as the guest of Mrs. Malcolm Henry..
• • .•
Among those aboard the tug Arab
going to greet the Siberia yesterday
were Mrs. R. P. Schwerin and Chaun
cey St. John, a cousin of Miss Mabel
Boardman, who has been Miss Roose
velt's companion during her travels.
take tl^ advice or follow the example of
age and experience, there would be many
fewer heartburnings. It Is not even
necessary to listen to advice; any exer
cise of the Dowers of observation will
convince the most incredulous that such
is the fact. Forty is the determining
age of a man's success.
Before one's Drlme is reached there
must be extended preparation. A busi
ness or profession has to be learned and
not only learned but experimented with
until the best application in practice can
be made of the theoretical knowledge that
accompanies it.
A home has to be made. Wives and
husbands have to live together long
enough for the. mighty problem of two
personalities in Intimate \u25a0 contact witn
conflict to find solution. Children have
to be studied and their wants provided
for. One has to be oriented, so to speak.
There is success a-plenty both before
and after 40. but the average remains
nearly true.
If Miss Allonby, in common with thou
sands of impatient boys and girls every
where, could have been persuaded of this,
she might now be living, with the thought
of a work far greater than her supposed
masterpiece to encourage her.
Youth must be patient, or success is Im
possible.
COSSACK ON LOYALTY.
The CossacJsy whom Ernest Poole quotes
iv his strongly descriptive article "Peas
ant Cattle," la the October Everybody's,
speaks as follows of his allegiance to the
"Little Father":
"Only we Cossacks' have kept ourselves
untainted by all this new science. It eats
like a cancer into the power of our Czar.
But we alone are just as our grandfath
ers were before us. , And I think my
young son— he is a bold, big fellow— l
thing he. too, will stick to the ways of
his fathers. These propagandist devils
never try to come to us. for they know
we are safe against them; ail their new,
slushy Ideaa roll off our brains like wa
ter from the back of a goose. Not a drop
of socialist slush sticks on. :
"Why? Because from our cradles wa
were taught to obey; to obey without
stopping to think it all out; to obey two
fathers— our own father and the Czar.
When the Czar commands, then I da.
You see my young daughter asleep over
there. Well, if the Czar said, 'Tear her
In pieces!' then I should do It. thougb
I might kill myself right afterward.
That's what a Cossack means by loyal*
tyi" ;';. :. .-\},-.. \u25a0
"LOTS FOR SALE."
"Lots for sale." Lots— of what? '
Lots of trouble, like as not.
Lots of fuss with "equities,"
Titles, deeds, and lawyer's fees.
Lots . of J talk with architects, —
Every man the Job expects.
Lots of tiffs with earpentW9,
Masons, plumbers, plasterers.
Lots of unexpected bills,
"Little extras."— bitter plll3.
Lots of city taxes due,—
Gas and water, sewer too.
Lots of advertising then.
Try, and try, and try again.
Lets of folks with" half a mind, '
And a dozen faults to find.
Lots; of worry, pains ' untold.
Till <he petey thing ' is sold.
Lots of fioelexperlence.
But of .profit,— not five cents.
"Lots for sale,"— and who will buy?
Lots of people; no more I!— Puck.
NATURAL CONCLUSION.
A little New York girl, whose brief ex
perience of life was confined to existence
In an apartment house," was visiting in.
Philadelphia not Ions: ago. One after
noon, to amuse' the child, her cousin
showed her a number of photographs and
views, meanwhile : explaining and answer
ln^questlons concerning them. One of
then*- was, a picture of Windsor Castle,
which, she was told, was the residence of
the "late Queen Victoria. After looking
at it a moment she innocently inquired,
"What . floor did she live on?"
Towrjsend's California glace fruits
and choicest candies in artistic fire
etched.boxes. New store. 78 » Market, f
- \t .'.— — \u25a0'•\u25a0\u25a0. ~: „.<•
-Special .Information supplied dally to"
business houses and public men by tha
Pres3 Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main IOAi •STURDY YOUTH FROM RENO
JERKS CHINESE QUEUE.
such Tastime, He Says, Gets
Approval in Nevada Town.
Police Judge Informs Him That
Here It Is in Disesteem.
Police Judge Mogan ascended his dais,
cast, a sweeping: glance at his congested
morning calendar, shot a casual ditto at
the crowned corral to his right and
epake as follows to Clerk Grey:
"Winter's approach, I Be*, is gradually
lengthening our daily toil period. From
the mountains, the valleys, the beaches
migratory vagabondage flocks to keep
the official guardians of our fair city's
dignity and peace from lapsing Into en
nuL"
"It's a great bunch of bums, sure
enough." was Mr. Grey's response, ac
companied by a baleful glare at the hud
dled prisoners.
Daniel Murphy, a sturdily built young
fellow and. first of the human birds of
passage to face the bench, stated in
husky voice that on Saturday he arrived
from Reno. That same day he was ar
rested on complaint of Ho Yuey, a corpu
lent gentleman who gave his address as
709 Commercial street and his occupation
as a something-or-other for one of the
Chinese societies. While walking on
Kearny street, near its intersection with
Clay, Ho Yuey's queue was so sharply
and unexpectedly jerked by an unseen
hand that he almost toppled over back
ward, and when he looked around he \
saw his treasured pigtail in the hand of
the defendant, who jerked it again with
augmented vigor.
•'What did you do that for?" the Judge
asked Mr. Murphy.
"Oh, 1 was soaked, and In Reno they
don't think nothing of pulling a Chink's
rope."
"No? Well, in San Francisco the un
provoked assaulting of Chinese is'thougMt
8o much of that it is punishable by line
or imprisonment or both. Why did you
leave free-and-easy Reno to cast your
lot In this law-restricted community?"
"It's gettin* purty cold up mere. Say,
I'm willin" to apologize to this Chink.
He knows I was soaked."
Ho Yuey created general surprise by
accepting the proffered apology, thus se
curing Mr. Murphy's dismissal with a
reprimand.
• • •
"If ye let me go, darlin',*' said middle
aged Margaret Conlon, accused of drunk
enness, to Judge Fritz, "I'll stay sober
as lons as I can, and the next time I'm
arrested you can give me six months
and I won't say a word-"
"But you may be taken before one of
my brother magistrates," quoth his
Honor.
"To prevent that," earnestly . averred
Mrs. Conlon, "I'll make it a point to be
taken before you and no other. You're
the only Judge that I have any use for."
Her plea might have won out if Patrol
man Tyrell had not testified that she was
released from prison a few days ago. She
was remanded for sentence.
• • •
W. Godeski was arrested for pilfering
a pair of roller skates from the Me
chanics' Pavilion last Saturday night.
"Was he sober?" Judge Conlon asked
the complaining policeman.
"He had a skate on," was the reply.
"But he is charged with having pur
loined two skates," said the court.
"He had them on, too, when I arrested
him," said the officer.
His Honor ejaculated "Oh," as a great
li£ht dawned upon his mind, and then
he remanded Mr. Godeski for further
iiearicg.
•. • •
Mrs. Theodore Gibney of 114 Seventh
street masticated a large wad of gum
as she told Judge Mogan that for six
months her husband had not contrib
uted one cent to the support of his
family, consisting of herself and three
children, although he was well able
to earn good wages if he would work
at his trade of bricklaying.
"Ha-dizzent-care-wha-comes-iv - uz,"
she mumbled, unctuously rolling the
gum with her tongue.
"If you remove that impediment to
your enunciation we may get along
more rapidly." his Honor suggested, and
Mrs. Gibney smiled, took the gum from
her mouth and carefully preserved it
in her hand until her testimony was
concluded, when she resumed chewing
It with evident zest.
Mr. Gibney. tall and brawny, pleaded
that he sprained his thumb half a year
ago and bad not attempted to toil since
then, despite the fact that the Sheriff
ousted his family from 608 Natoma
street for non-payment of rent.
"I'll give you six months to-morrow,"
said the Judge, "and I think you would
be unwise to submit your sprain* d
thumb argument when you are ordered
to labor on the rock pile."
• • »
J. Wesley Rector, whose hair was
parted In accordance with the arrange
ment of his name, said he was a loco
motive engineer and resided at San
GRAPE-NUTS.
"We had |
Grape*Nutsl
for breakfast and never ti
before did I know the jjj
concentration of . nourish- 11
ment.and the most deli- H
clous of all flavors." . H
Read the "Road to Well- I
r/7/e" in every pkg. H
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
Bernardino, and when, asked why he
disturbed the peace of his wife at her
home on Geary street, near Fillmore,
he replied that she had startled him by
petitioning for divorce on the ground
of desertion, and that he came all the
way from the Southland to "give her a
piece of his mind," because he was the
deserted instead of the deserter.
"Probably if I had been perfectly
sober she wrmld have had no excuse for
getting me "arrested," he went on to
elucidate; "but after living in a town
where the lid is tight 1 naturally —
well, here the lid is oft and I took a
drink or two."
\u25a0 "Your wife does not seem inclined to
prosecute you," said the Judge, "a\id
you can regain freedom by promising
me that you will return at once to San
Bernadoon."
The promise was promptly given.
• * • .
Charles A. Fritch, one of San Jose's
solid citizens, was walking along Kear
ny street when George Henderson, stal
wart and impudent, accostod him with
request for pecuniary aid.
"Why don't you go to work?" Mr.
Fritch inquired, breaking the clutch of
Mr. Henderson's large and grimy hand
on his (Mr. F.s) coat lapel.
"I ain't able to do no work," was the
answer.
"You're big and strong enough to
haul a dray, if you can't get any other
job," said the man from Santa Clara
County.
Mr. Henderson's retort was a blow
which prostrated Mr. Fritch and when
Mr. Henderson was. searched by the po
liceman who arrested him a number
of cards bearing the following appeal
were found In one of his pockets:
GOOD LUCK TO THE PURCHASER.
THOUGHTS FOR ALL..
Kind friend, I am afflicted.
Please aid me on my way to go.
And may your heart he strengthened
By the rift you may bestow.
I sincerely trust you'll be reoaid
On God's promised judgment day.
PLEASE GIVE WHAT YOU CAN.
"Who is the author?" Judge Mogan
asked Mr. Henderson.
"I writ It," was the reply.
"But you're not crippled?"
"'Saw."
"You are guilty of begging, and to
morrow I'll sentence you for that of
fense and also for vagrancy and bat
tery. About eighteen months will be
your portion."
"Gee!" exclaimed Mr. Henderson.
•• • .
Edward T. Sullivan, baker, i.nd Otto
Jenlysch, carpenter, were engaged in
fistic combat and mutually ignoring
all conventional rules of the game
when a policeman arrested them, and
when the case was called before Judge
Cabaniss there was no response In per
son by Mr. Sullivan, so his $10 ball was
forfeited and Mr. Jenlysch arraigned
singly. In fearfully mutilated English
he pleaded not guilty.
"Oh, it is quite evident you have
been fighting," said the Judge, glanc
ing at a blackened eye, "but I would
not be surprised to learn that the o^her
man was the prime aggressor."
"Dot's vod he vos," Mr. Jenlysch
earnestly declared. "I vas a loafer — ''
"You said Just now you are a car
penter," the Court Interrupted.
"Blease permld me to concloosion vod
to say I going to vas. I vas a loafer oft
peacefufness — "
"Ah: that's different."
"Und yen der odder feller teckled me
I yoost grebs him und holds him, und
he ses, 'Blease led me go," und I led
him go, und he hends me dls' blue eye."
"And even then you didn't fight?"
"No, sir. Yen dia boleeceman
grebbed me I vas yoost holdin" der od
der feller down." *
* The policeman would not positively
swear that he saw Mr. Jenlysch strike
Mr. Sullivan, so the case was dismissed.
• » » \
Patrick Bogan. Thomas Fitzpatrick
and Bernard Duffy, accused of having
robbed a saloon at East and Howard
streets the night of October 2. were
committed for trial by Judge Mogan,
with the bail' of each set at $5000.'
An Incident of the examination was
the effort of Mrs. O'Doherty. whose
husband, is awaiting trial on the
charge of having willfully hurled his
seven-months-old Infant against a
wall, to shield the defendants, who
were cronies' of her spouse. Her little
daughter, Katie, gave very damaging
testimony against the trio, a few days
ago, and the mother . swore that 1 the
child told her she was promptedvto
testify falsely by the police. The
Judge recalled the girl and asked her
If such was the fact, and she answered
in the negative. ; "I told the truth the
first time," she said, "and I never told
mamma that the police made me tell
lies."
Katie has been removed from her
mother's custody.
Will Be Hurled ' To-Day.
.The funeral ,of W. H. Boltori, : who
died In the Philippines on September 8,
and whose body was brought home in
the Sherman, will, take place to-day at
1 o'clock from the Presidio morgue.
The interment will be in\the National
Cemetery." Mr.- Bolton was a retired
commissary sergeant, who had served
for thirty-three years in the United
BUte« army. ; : ;.
theisAnSfran^
THREE SCHOOLS
TO BE ERECTED
— «—« — - \u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0.., .-.
Supervisors Order Work : : on
Wasliington. Laguna Hon
da and Sunnysideßiiildings
TEAMSTERS WIN -POINT
Finance Committee ] Decides
Not to Cut Pay of Tliose
JEmplojed by Works Board
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed tp 'print ordinances ordering the
construction, and equipment of the, Was
hington Grammar School building at a
cost of $119,000, of the Laguha. Honda
School for $81,000, and of - the Sunnyside
School. for $54,000. The sum of $3875 is al
lowed for preparing the specifications and
plans for the buildings' upon which, work
will be started .at once. The Board of
Works is authorized by the ordinance to
enter into a contract for the erection of
the three buildings. s£ x .
A committee from the' Teamsters' Union
appeared before the finance Committee
and reiterated its protest against the. cut;
ting down of the demands of a number
of teamsters employed by the Board of
Public Works. The committee explained
that the ruling pay for a teamster, with a
double team is $8 and. for a single team
$o. The Finance Committee* had cut, the
ratgs down to $5 40 and $4 50 for the rea
son that it believed an agreement to that
effect had been entered into last July.
The teamsters denied that they had ever
consented to such a proposition and in
this they were confirmed by John Cor
nor, chairman of the Street Committee.
The Finance Committee thereupon agreed
to pay the teamsters the old schedule
of wages.
The board ordered the payment of $1000
to J. C. Stut for services in the prep
aration of plans for the proposed munici
pal Geary-street road. . .
The following ordinances were finally
passed:
Conditionally accepting Scott street, between
Filbert and Greenwich.
Ordering the construction of a sewer in
Fourteenth avenue, ' between H and 1 ativots;
a sewer in California street, from Twentyr
fourth to Thirty-first avenue, for $25,000 : the
improvement of Pacific street, • from Stockton
to Montgomery avenue, " for $11,000, and of
Stockton street, from Union to Greenwich, for
$11,000.
Fixing the width of sidewalks on Colltng
wood street, from Nineteenth to Twenty-sec
oml, at twelve feet.
Granting permission to Edward Malley to ex
plode blaets for grading purposes along the
line o* the Ocean Shore Railway, from Ocean
View to Railroad avenue.
Authorizing the payment of $1000 to the
Pacific Improvement Company as the first in
stallment on the purchase price of $4500 for
land required for the opening to a uniform
width of Potrero avenue. Tenth, Brannan and
Division streets, where said streets converge.
Authorizing the payment to. Mary Fritz cf
$4000 as the firpt installment on the purchase
price of $5000 of land required for the opening
of Piedmont street preliminary to establishing
a fire house on Ashbury Heights'.
Authorizing the paymsnt of $2000 and $7t'O,
respectively, to C. C. Powers and, A. Her
lnght for land required for the park and
Presidio extenfion. - .
JURORS REFUSE
TO INDICT CIRL
Judge Cook Appears Before
Inquisitorial Body in the
Case of Henriette Eeush
What practically amounted to a battle
between Superl^ Judge Cook and Dis
trict Attorney Byington was thrashed out
before the Grand Jury yesterday and the
District Attorney won the victory. The
matter considered was the charge of per
jury made against Henriette Reush, the
fifteen-year-old girl who accused Bennet
Millar, a tailor at 321^ Ellis street, of
criminal assault and then denied her
statement on the witness stand at the
second trial of the defendant. The Grand
Jury refused to indict the girl.
At the first trial one juror hung out
firmly for acquittal. When the second
trial was called the District Attorney's
office was surprised to learn that the girl
had gone back on her story. When ques
tioned by the District Attorney she said
her mother had appeared to her in a
dream and told her to tell .the whole
truth. She did not follow these instruc
tions so closely as to say who really
was guilty of the offense against her."
The furthest she would go upon being
pressed was to say that a boy named
Leopold was. guilty. The girl had already
been questioned by. Judge Cook in his ;
chambers.
A. continuance was asked by Deputy
District Attorney Ashe, but Judge
Cook, who had already sworn twelve
tentative jurors, ordered that the
case proceed. The girl j swore that
her' first' story was wrong. and
that the. mysterious boy named Leo
pold was the guilty person. Subsequently
she denied this arid said Millar was really
guilty, but that he had begged her for
the sake of his wife and family to swear
he- was not. She said .he had told hei
to say the son of Brilliant, the furniture
man, was the guilty person and : that
Brilliant would give her $5000 to keep still
about it.
; Jennie Johnson, who arranged the con
versation between the 1 girl and the de
fendant, is awaiting . her jj preliminary
examination on a charce of subornation
of perjury.
\u25a0: At .the close of the second trial, which
resulted in an acquittal under , Judge -
Cook's Instructions, after the jury had
deliberated some time, the court, ordered
the girl into the custody of the Sheriff
that her case might be laid before the
Grand Jury. District Attorney Byington"
said he would not take the matter .be-;
fore the Grand Jury owing to the . youth
of the girl, and the court instructed .At
torney Black- of the defense to do so. : ;
Judge Cook; was present in person :be- !
fore 'the Grand. Jury. ;: After Jt had | re
fused Ito indict the •. girl Deputy * District
Attorney Ashe brought up, the matter
of ' the ; alleged ; attempt of Millar to , In-,,
duce, her- to swear falsely. Judge Cook
said that Millar could not be indicted, as
it took" two \ witnesses In such a case.
No indictment was, found.
' District* Attorney Byington may charge
Millar before the; Grand Jury with at
tempting to influence a witness, the testi-;
mony of [ one : person In such a case \u25a0 being
sufficient upon ; which to base an indict
mentv ;% -/ '?"'-.\u25a0\u25a0'_\u25a0 \u25a0. ::.-, :\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0.-\u25a0,: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0.-\u25a0, '
Colltnn' Caw on To-Day'i Calendar.
Judge /Lawlor' yesterday r ordered ; the
case dt \u25a0: Attorney- "George D.VCollinsr
charged 'with 1 , perjury "to\ be placed >on
the calendar, of Jihis court? for -to-day
fbr.: arraignment , before? Judge 'Lerinon
of Marln > County. % Detective T. : : B. Gib
son will ; r arriye 'with - the r fugitive ; at
torney by ; the' train due There < at '8:48
this morning-. : ; : ;;*;-/\u25a0 V :
Your . ta^cs S are ? not i rebated j f or • the
time your house Is,tenantless.v < Proba
bly the law^assumes that you , aresa 1
trnnH advertiser
TO SING AT
BENEFIT FOR
CADET LEAGUE
POPULAR ARTIST WHO WILL
SIXG AT THE LEAGUE OF THE
CROSS BENEFIT.
Ladies prominent^ in social circles
have arranged an "All-Star"" matinee
for the benefit of the League of the
Cross Cadets. It will take place in Al
hambra Theater, Friday, November 3,
at 2:30 p. m. The ladies have secured
a galaxy of star attractions that will
surely attract a crowded hou«e. ;
Camille D'Arville is the latest addi
tion to the programme. Though she
has not sung in public for some time,
she kindly consented to appear. "She
will sing two selections, her. favorite,
"Holy City," and "Sing Me to Sleep."
Signor Salassa, the operatic barytone,
will be another of the star attractions.
Andrew Mack has a special repertoire
of sketches and songs for the occasion.
Madelena Ticci, the operatic soprano,
will sing. Frank Mac Vicars of the Ma
jestic Theater will contribute to the
amusement of the audience, and little
Rene Belasco, the talented danseuse,
will appear. The entire. Majestic Com
pany will stage, the third: act of "The
County Fair." There will be many
other attractions. '
Tickets will.be on sale this week at
room 837, Flood building. ,
Wants Funds Restored.
A. E. Lucas, who alleges that he
owns a lot in the Masonic Cemetery in
this city, filed suit yesterday against
the trustees of the Masonic, Cemetery
Association to compeUthem to restore
to the treasury $50,000 of a surplus of
$70,000 used toCpurchase new cemetery
grounds in, San Mateo County. Lucas
asserts that the $50,000 should have
been used , in improving the cemetery
located in this city and holds that in
purchasing the San Mateo .cemetery
the trustees exceeded their authority.
HEAR V P. BOWIE TO LECTURE.
Henry P. Bowie, president of the
Japan Society of America, will lecture
on "Japanese Paintings", in the Maple
room of the Palace Hotel on the even
ing of November 4. Members and in
vited guests will be welcome. The ad
dress will be exemplified by Tekko Shi
mado, the eminent painter. President
David Starr Jordan of Stanford Univer
sity, .who is vice president of the Japan
Society, will preside. Mr. Bowie .will
lecture^at Stanford to-day on the same
theme. \ - V
We have an excellent collection of ' pictures
In our gallery" and can please every person
who desires good goods.'' We have an unusually
attiactlve display of oils, water colors, pasteis
and reproductions at prices that are equally
Interesting. You are welcome. Sanborn, Vail
& Co. 741 Market street. • ,
Dlen in Attorney's Office.
, Joseph ; R. Young, while seated in a
chair in the j office of Attorney "W. s.
Barnes in thec. Merchants' ' Exchange
building yesterday morning, expired
suddenly | from an attack of . apoplexy.
He. had called to see Attorney Barnes
upon business: Young was about 64
years of age and lived with his sons
at 242 Fair, Oaks, street. He was" for
a number of years ,iUnder Sheriff of
Yuba County and- was also connected
with a stage line tnaV had its head
quarters in Marysvllle. .
McCLUSKT VISITS <• DIN AN.— lnspector
George MeClusky'of the New York Police De
partment, one •; of /..the -. moat v noted "' detectives
In ' the ' United • States Is -In the city.' *He
paid a, visit to Chief Dinan- at police head
quarters' yesterday afternoon. \u25a0\u25a0. : \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0" \u25a0\u25a0 :..
Pill Natural Laxative I
'-SHI Water moves the
W$M Bowola copiously and
jfl gives a pleasant, BAt- \u25a0 .
\u25a0 H lsfied feeling that IB
g^g nothing else will— do H
Wjm griping— no purging. I
A positive, ' prompt
relief from Constlpa-
SI tlon and Bowel trou- KMM
H w«. H
Kg Get a bottle to-day BH
' H^ju and take half a glass H
\u25a0 I on arising i > ' BH
j^Tmrrp^l CURE SICK HEADACHE.
jMiTTLE Genuine Musi Betr
1 IVER Fac-Simile Signature
g PILLS. :^* m~~~-'m ~~~-'-
GENERAL ALLEN
HOME OK LEAVE
Chief of Constabulary in
Wants Young
Men for Island Service
PEOPLE ABE PEACEFUL
Only Occasional Fights in
the -Mountain Eegions En
gage Law and - Order Men
\, Brigadier General Henry T. Allen,
chief of the Philippine . constabulary,
was d passenger on the Siberia, which
arrived yesterday. He- has been in the
islands for,, six years : and is now re
turning: home on a*- five months' leave.
• He was the organizer and founder
of the constabulary in the Philippines.
He says that .the constabulary now
consists of 6500 men, scattered
at different points of the islands. He
is very anxious to get between thirty
and thirty-flve; bright college, bred
young men to enter that service as of
ficers. -He says that 'it is a good field
,for young men who are well educated,
and haye talent, nerve and energy,
coupled with Intelligence. At present
there are a few officers in the con
stabulary, who are" West Pointers, but
the: majority have either been pro
moted from non-commissioned "of fleers
or from enlisted men in the regular
army.
, Officers . in ; the constabulary ar*e - paid
as follows: Third lieutenants. $1100
gold per annum, with quarters fur
nished and $50 extra a year for learn
ing a dialect; second lieutenants. $1200
per annum; first lieutenants, $1300 per
annum, and captains, from $1600 to
$2000 per annum."
4 The general says the natives are im
proving as workmen. The electric line
recently finished was constructed by
native workmen, who did the labor 40
per cent less than was tTie estimate of
the construction.
General Allen says that while his
.visit to this country is not for the pur
pose of getting men to Join the con
stabulary he hopes he will succeed in
obtaining a number before his return
to the islands. He said:
"The islands/are in the best condi
tion that has existed since the United
States took possession. The people
are very peaceful, t and are favorably
inclined toward this country. There is
some scrapping going on» occasionally
in .the mountains, but that Is to be ex
pected."
— — \u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0
SEELEY EXTRADITED.— John L. Seeley
was ordered by United States District Judge
de Haven yesterday to be extradited to Pitts
burg,' Knns., on a charge of having opened
and embezzled a letter while he was acting
as a; costal clerk. - \u25a0
\u0084 • y^yi^TisJ^iabfTs."
McClurVs for November
Published To- Morrow
. «| No mere table of con-
tents can describe the V
November number of Mc-
QureV, No other publica-
tion at any price offers such a
varied, such' an interesting;,
such an important and such a
profitable collection of stories,
papers and articles as the num-
ber of McClure's which will
appear to-morrow.
KipiingyCarl Schurz, Ray
Stannard Baker, Andre Cas-
taigne, Louis Locb/ Mrs. Wil-
son Woodrow, are some of
the names which help to
make this number great*
: S. S. McCLURE COMPANY; t '
44-6O East S23d Street
W^r For Investment
For a Home Site
Wm^P For Ideal Location
W^mf For Perfect Climate
|y For Improved Streets VH
By For Ten Dollars a Month BB
HT Buy Property To-Day wm
\u25a0''\u25a0^\u25a0•- '\u25a0'\u25a0'.>• \u25a0 \u25a0 : In South • \u25a0. \u25a0 h9
'PALO ALTO KB
M Big Lots facing: Stanford -H
in University, among the MM
m Oaks. 40 Minutes from" MB
BSL, ' San Francisco, via. New Mfm
B^ s. p. cut-oft. Jwfl
fm\ Send for Booklet. MB
A., c. M. Wooster Co. jimem
B^ 648 Mtrket St. .
.- \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0.•--'. \u25a0 \u25a0*'- < •>-. \u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0:..\u25a0 \u25a0- \u25a0. .
PALACE
\u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0 -,-,'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 - • \u25a0 \u25a0 u^\*i*iri ;: -
Comprewied Air cleaning plant.
: : Room } telephones. c, '
Steam, heat, and open fires.
;>, Perfect " ventilation. \ , . • \u25a0:\u25a0[,
Pipe organ and orchestra.
\u0084 Perfect • service. . . ., .
...;';• \u0084 cuisine. -
- Every luxury attainable. \u25a0
:W'-^-^-': W'-^-^-'- > AMI'SEMEXTS. : _:/ \ ' "--^
ALHAMBRA
* THEATER ..
THURSDAY NIGHT, OCT. 26 nod
SATURDAY MATINEjB. OCT.: 28.
]& Seats. $3." $2. \u25a0 $1" 60 and , $l. v At Sherman,
Clay/? & 'Cow's, > where \u25a0: Complete r Programmes
may be • obtained. .'-\u25a0. -^ \u25a0" \u25a0 - ."
: Baldwin Piano Used. '\u0084 .
EXTRA! EXTRA!! ; EXTRA!!! '
I, /LYRiGJHfeL^;,
i Special Ilequfit Matinee To-Morrow.
-' WEDNESDAY;^ OCT^^ 25^ ATA 3:3O. •
!"' 'Schumann's Etude Symphonlque," Chopin* F
minor Ballade and the Ride of the Valkyries." i.
; ,;? Seats. \76c." $1 : and ; %\ 50. *. Box office Sher-
: in*n. 'Clayi&:Co>.'s."":\ ';;-.::: .- . - ; .: \u25a0•
BAUER OAKLAND CONCERT, -
TE LIBERTY PLAYHOUSE.' '
NEXT ! FRIDAY/ AFTERNOON f AT: Sj3o
• . ' . \u25a0 "\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 Special Progranxme. ; - ; x.\u25a0. - - :
'ii* Seats ; at \u25a0 Box ; Office of Theater "Wednesday
Mornlnsr. October, 25.' 'tSo^^'S^KflSS^S'" s*?5 *?
\u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0 ••..\u25a0,.\u25a0 i . . .
For Vedue Received
. When pay $6 for a pair of shoes you don't pay the
difference ' for value received" but for four extra COM '\u25a0•f-
and uhnecessary profits. _ Your extra dollars help J|w
to maintain the same old piece- meal system of Pml
middlemen that has doubled up prices' ever /jc&§i\
since folks have been wearing shoes. _^^Kft
When you buy a Regal you pay a fair v^^^^^i
price for material and labor, but not one y^^^^^^^Bk
red cent in commissions and profits to
tanner, leather merchant, jobber and
This direct -Regal system of "tan-
nery-to-consumer" means more than i^^\f s^^ >: *^f
a saving in price. It makes us di» :^gS^lt^^^^l^
' redly responsible to you. We ",^^^S'?%S^§fSS
make our claims pretty strong — J
and we make our shoes good
enough to back them up. That j^^^^^^^^>^^^ i
is why we are so willing to >^^^^^^^^^
guarantee the Regal Shoe to /^^^^^^^^^- ;
wear as long as any shoe $^5O
made, regardless of name C 3
Faultless styles from ,Jwp&^|ll§ff^ PIKE
correct originals ; per- iwyw^faW^r . \u0084 , „
feet fit from quarter- M^^^
sizes and honest wear K§|ii||jP£yr of fine « smooth, soft
from the finest leathers TVax Calf, wide-extended
P V -=.j- tanned w§j^^3j^^ so ' e a - l^* tread, narrows |
* \>^jJofr near the toe. Scalloped tip, I
\u25a0;V--- BEHCHSSOT < Ka418,54 I skived dowa to * **** *« th « |
Semtr-ftT* Regal itylw-utd tit rvgnlar I cd S'- Special new Regal linics. <
prlct, right throngU toe wbol* lilt, U $3.80 ' '
i m hsml. But to matt «n lnilsUat<Usuuwl ws ha*» mad* np IS imeUl modsli *t $1 par pair. Th» «rtr» i
60 cents uublM v to bofld a wholly u«rw lta« of ihoe* tH»t w« coafi aerw belors laclnde In the B*zal list.
The »dT»nt»sw of tie special $4 models ctct tie $3.30 Ke jaU sir* In their extra custom Iterates. AUo( :
the leathers and oth*rm»*exi*Ulath«m are ths BEST of th« BEST, and they have a Uttl* more handwork, etc.
They are true bench-mada shoes, aad few gauds* custom-made $11 shoe* equal th«ir handsome appaaraac*. I
Send for Style-Book. Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
Sold direct from tannery to consumer. The'larfrest retail shoe business \u25a0 ,
In the world. 97 stores In principal cities from London to San Francisco.
BAN FRANCISCO— MEN'S STORES: 820 Market street; 17 OFarrell streslt. :
WOMEN'S STORES: 820 Market street; 17 O'Farrell street. *,
OAKLAND STORE. 22 San Pablo avenue.
c/fAyvp-sssig
LAST W £EK sATnaDAT
In Old Kentucky
rRI iAY N!RHf Graml Buck and Wins
rniHl mom Dandnir Content
Note— "ln Old Kentucky" Pickaninnies chal-
lenge all comers. Prizes tb the winners.
SPECIAL
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE & NIGHT ONLY.
George Ade's Greatest Comedy-Opera,
PEGGY FROM PARIS
!||fl Next Monday
MATINEES WED. AND SAT. EACH WEEK.
Election Day Matinee Tuesday. Nov. 7.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S STUPENDOUS
Scat Sale Thursday
PRICES $2.00, 91.30, fI.OO, 75c and SOc.
. No seats laid aside.
No telephone orders taken.
- " Mall oruers filled in order received.
Exuberant Vaudeville!
Twelve Broomstick Witches t Slsrnorlna
Vererat Clayton. Jenkins and Janprr;
O'Brien and Backleyt Wireless Teles>
rniihyt Three Nevarost Raymond and
Caverlyj Dean_ Edsall and- Arthur
Forbes and Orpheutn Motion Picture*.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. \
Prices — lOe. 25c and. SOc
AJtSTIC tl
\ TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WKEK.
MATINEES THURS.. SAT. AND SUN." :
FRANK BACON
. In Nell Burgess* Famous Play,
THE COUNTY FAIR
Nexf Week— THE LOTTERY OF LOVE.
Soon — '"1116 Light Eternal."
By Martin V. Merle.
In Preparation— "lf I Were King."
Evenings. 25c. 50c. 75c - .Sat. .Mat.. 25c, 50c.
Bargain Mats. Thurs. and Sun.. 25c everywhere.
TO-NIGHT. Oct. 24— St. Agnes Parish Thea-
ter Party. ,\u25a0 ..
• T- £~\ » 7 » -T> Betaaco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR E^rpTe:
; Business Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
First ,TlmB in ; This City.
SOL SMITHS RUSSELL'S. COMEDY.
AprilWedther
I By Clyde Fitch — Smiles and Tears— Songs,
| Children and Sunshine.
Eves.. 25c to 75c; Mats.' Sat.. Sun., :25c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY — First Time In Stock.
. •\u25a0:.- Pinero's Powerful Problem Play,
IRIS
\u25a0 Virginia Harned's Sensation.
Soon — THE LITTLE MINISTER.
BENTRAL«i?
Market Street. Near . Eighth ; Opp. City Halt
i - Phone South 533. - ~ i .
- ' THIS EVENING— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Big Scenic Production of the Famous Railroad
Melodrama, .
i^Girl Engineer
Thrilllas Sc«ias and Situations.
Popular • Prices— -Evenings . 10c to 50c
Matiness 10c," 15c, ] 25c
Next— "BlG-HEARTED JJM. W
f EBKLY CALL
;16 Pa^es. §>i per Year
AMI7SE3IEXTS.
. . .
GRAND OPERA
Performance Begins at 8 o'clock Sharp.
Last. Two Weeks
TETRAZZINI
TO-NIGHT A.\D SATURDAY MATINEE.
DINORAH
With TETRAZZINI, Bazelll. GregoretU.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
With Petrella, Grasse. Angioietti, Salassa.
THURSDAY AND SUNDAY XIGHTS.
LAST TIMES
LUCIA DI LAMiMERMOOR
With TETRAZZINI, Bazelli. Gregorattl.
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS
LA BOHtMt:
With Coppola, Moreo, Tlccl. Gravin*, Dado.
REPERTOIHE FOR SMTWEEKi
Tue««lay. -L.l SOXXAMBUU"! AVed-
neJMlay. «l^v BOIIE.IIEVs ThnrMluy.
-I,A TRAVIATA"; Pridav. "SOttMA."
Seats on sale for all performances.
XiKhtlr. Inrliiifins Sunday— .Hat. Sat.
THE NOTED IRISH COMEDIAN.
ANDREW
IN THE COMEDY SUCCESS,
Tom Moore
Hear the son* gems In this production as
rendered by Andrew Mack. . PRICES — 23c SOc
73c. 51 and SI 50.
\u25a0 Next Monday — Knights of Columbus Night.
v BUSH STREET
CHAS. P. HalL Manager. Phone Main 127.
.23* — MATI.VEE TO-DAY 23c.
TO-JfIGHT— ALL WEEK.
Matinee* Tuesday, Friday, Saturday. Sunday.
"THE STAR
SHOWCjIRLS"
40 Clever People. Dazzling Costumes.
Big Beauty Chorus. Refined Specialties.
Prices — Evenings lCc. 13e, 25c. 30c and "Be.
Matinees — 23c Reserved. No Higher.
X>xt — 'THE JOLLY GRASS WIDO %VS.»
BROWHIN6Tnd WALLY
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening: in the Theater.
RIDE ON THE CIRCLE SWLXGI
VISIT. THE JOHTfSTOwV FLOOD!
AMATEUR ' NIGHT THURSDAY!
RARE AA'IUALS IS THE XOO!
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN. . . . . . .3*
! See Mlarnon, the Pound and a Half Baby,
In' <he Infant Incubator.
.^nSCEJL^X^yS^^J^S^3VE^n^.
A LH AM BRA
DENIS O'SULLIVAN
In a Grand Farevrell Sons: ReeltaL
Seats on Sale at Sherman. Clay .ft . Co.'*—
75c. $1. |1 50.
CALIFORNIA GLUB
ANNOUNCEMENT \u25a0
"Th« New Ctvtc Spirit,'* a lecture by Cnariea -
Zubeltn. professor of Sociology In the Univer-
sity of Chicago, will be given at California .
Club Hall, 1750 Clay street. . Wednesday even-
ing, Oct. 25. This Is the first of the Zubeliu
course of six lectures. ' . \u25a0 .
ADMISSION 50c. COURSE TICKETS |2.00.
BASEBALL!
AT RECREATION PARK.
PORTtAHMs. FRISCO
Tues., Wed., Thurs., Frt, Sat 3:CO p. m.
Sunday Morning .. .;..; 10:30 a/m.
Sunday Afternoon .. ........ ...2:30 pw a*,:
' Admission. 35c; Grand Stand. 50a.
910
SPORTS
PAGE
BIG FELLOWS
IN GOOD TRIM
Both Jack O'Brien and Al
Kaufmann Look Fit for
Bout on Friday Evening
EVEN MONEY THE PRICE
Experience of Philadelphia
Boxer, However, Will Sure
ly Make Him 10 to 8 Choice
Al Kxs-ufmann and Jack O'Brien have
about completed the hardest part of their
\u25a0* ork for Friday night's contest at Wood
ward's Pavilion, and from now on they
\u25a0Rill have little more to do to keep on
edge. Both big fellows have been work-
Ins like Trojans for nearly three weeks
and their condition could hardly be Im
proved on. Kaufmann will go into the
ring weighing a trifle over 190 pounds,
and while O'Brien's weight is still un-.
certain, he will probably tip the beam
at about ITO pounds. 2*w»'*"'i~ i '
Probably Al's advantage in weight is
the reason for his being an even-money
chance in the betting, which opened yes
terday. One hundred dollars was lelt
with Zeke Abrams yesterday to be
wagered on the California heavyweight
at that price. Betting on the contest
promises to be lively before fight night.
Al's knockout record seems to over
ehadow the experience of his opponent,
\u25a0*ho looks to be the legitimate tavorlte.
Plenty of O'Brien money, however, will
most "likely send the Eastern boxer to
the post a ten to eight favorite.
The bout is being widely discussed In
the downtown sporting resorts and has
awakened considerable interest among
the fight fans- A heavyweight contest
Tvlfl fill a long-felt want for the patrons
of the game, for first-class big fellows
have not fought In the local ring since
the Johnson-Hart affair, which was also
handled by the San Francisco Athletic
Club. , 1
The preliminary lads are In training
and can be depended upon to do their
share toward making the evening's en
tertainment lively.- -
The sale of seats will open to-morrow
morning at Greggain's. 112 Ellis street.
FITZGERALD IS MATCHED
TO FIGHT FRED LANDERS
Lightirelffbtß Will Box Thirty Rounds
Before the Colma Club on
November 10.
Manager James Coffroth of the Col
ma Club last night signed up Willie
Fitzgerald and Fred Landers to box
thirty rounds at Colma on the evening
cf November 10. The men will weigh
in at 133 pounds at 5 o'clock and will
fight for fifty per cent of the gross re
ceipts to be divided 75 and 25. Eddie
Graney will be selected referee of the
battle and the"men deposited with him
their forfeits of $250. Harry Foley
represented Landers and Johnnie Reid
acted for Fitzgerald.
KACFMAXN MAY MEET HART
IF IIC DEFEATS O'BIUEX
Billy Roche Offers to ..latch the Men
to Flsbt tor m 515,000 Parse.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Oct. 23.— William
Roche of San Francisco, who is in this
city, says that if Al Kaufmann defeats
Jack O'Brien next Friday night in San
Francisco, the Colma Athletic Club, in
which Roche fs interested, will hang
up a purse of $16,000 for Marvin Hart
and Kaufmann, the contest to take
place in the open air and the number
of rounds to be fifty.
Soldier* Defeat Sailor*.
The football eleven of the Presidio
Hospital Corps yesterday afternoon de
feated the kickers from the revenue
cutter Rush by a 6core of 5 to 0 on the
Presidio field. The grame was a hard
fought one from 'the start, both teams
putting up a strong game.
Carter's Hounds Shine.
CHAPMAN, Kan., Oct. 23. — The Burke
cup, run for by 109 dogs, In the Nation
al Coursing meet, was won to-day by
Patched Up. owned by D. K. Carter of
Cottonwood Falls, Kan. Carter has
taken two cups and eighteen hundred
dollars In prize money.
A'ew Automobile Publication.
"Toot Toot," a new automobile pub
lication, has Just made its appearance.
It is devoted to good roads and auto
news In general. It contains many ar
ticles by prominent writers and is well
illustrated with half tone's.
Olympic Clnb Gets Permit.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
granted the Olympic Club permission to
hold an amateur boxing exhibition on
October 24, 25 and 26 in the clubrooms
without the payment of the usual
license therefor.
KINDLY VIEWS
SHOCK COURT
Special DUpatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— John M. Neu
tneieter. a prominent Democratic poli
tician and now a wealthy dealer in
cheese, was barred from the Grand
Jury by Judge Barnes to-day oh. his
declaration that he -would not vote to
•nforce the law against a man who
itole to supply his family with food.
A sensation followed the announce
ment. '\u25a0- .
\u2666 "I am not the sort of man you want
for the Jury," said Neumelster. "I have
helped unfortunate men out of Jail."
"Your Honor," he continued, "there
are cases where I would not vote to In
dict a man. I would not so vote if the
man's family were in want and he bad
stolen to feed Ms children and wife.
I couldn't do it, that's all."
"But you realize," put 'in the Judge,
"that the law does not constitute you
a legislator when a juror. It Is your
duty to enforce the law as you find it."
"Well. It would bother me like the
very much to do it. I could not
vote to indict a man under such cir
cumstances. I couldn't conscientiously
vote that way. I couldn't convince my
self of its being a crime."
"We would be rapidly drifting
toward anarchy if many Jurors thought
as you do," was Judge Barnes' reply.
"You are not the kind of man we .want
on the Jury. You are disqualified and
discharged."
HARRIRBCRG. Pa.. Oct. 23.— 1t was learned
to-day that an attempt to wreck th« Southern
express on the Philadelphia and Erie Railroad
«as prevented yesterday by the discovery of
the trackwalker of large pieces of Iron on thm
track b»u- Dtnphln.
HEAVYWEIGHTS READY FOR STRUGGLE
HEBBARD QUITS
ATHLETIC POST
Distinguished Jurist Is No
Longer a Member of Board
of Winged "0" Directors
TIRES OF HIS DUTIES
President Harrison Says Re
cent Election Has Nothing
to Do With Resignation
Judge James C. B. Hebbard has turned
In his resignation as a director of the
Olympic Club: It Is Bald by those who
know that there Is no significance In the
resignation. There have been whispers
that Judge Hebbard's action was the re
sult of some strong 1 feeling over the last
election of club officers.
President William Greer Harrison says:
"Judge Hebbard resigned because he was
tired. His resignation has absolutely
nothing to do with the last election."
Other prominent members of the club
back President Harrison In his asser
tion that no friction exists.
RAILROADS TRY
A NEW SCHEME
Special Dispatcfh to The Call.
SIOUX CITY, la,, Oct. 23.— 1n their cam
paign of "education," the railroads have
organized a "ready print" syndicate for
the purpose of furnishing gratuitously
"patent insldes" to weekly newspapers
throughout the country-
Indisputable evidence of this fact was
brought to the attention of a local con
cern this week when it found it was
coming in competition with the railroads
In Its "ready print" service. The local
concern supplies upward of 400 weeklies
In lowa, Minnesota, Dakota and Ne
braska with "patent lnsides." Its pat
rons violated their pledges of secrecy to
the railroads ( In several Instances and
told of the "snap" that was offered
them. A few of them accepted it. In-
QUiry elicited the information that the
same practice is employed by the rail
roads In other States, in an effort to pre
vent public sentiment from coming out
too strongly for the railroads.
Copies of these "patents" have reached
this city. Analysis of them shows that at
first they were harmless enough, those
articles that were destined to stimulate
sentiment in behalf of the railroads be
ing carefully disguised. Subsequent is
sues, however, show that the "educa
tional" matter was more and more plain
and constantly becoming less thinly
veiled in each Issue until now they are
comparatively frank in their advocacy
of railroad interests.
The contents of these prints- is ingen
iously prepared, consisting of matter of
special interest to farmers. Here and
there, however, are numerous items, de
scribing the development of railroads, de
picting how the development of the na
tion has been dependent upon the rail
roads; also giving figures showing the
vast sums invested in railroads, the en
ormous sums expended annually to their
army of employes, the small dividends
paid to stockholders and other data calcu
lated to show they are not unduly profit
able.
FIREMEN -IN CHICAGO
TO WORK IN SHIFTS
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— A test of the
two-platoon system for the fire depart
ment was begun yesterday, and will
continue for three months. The station
at 83 Franklin s^eet. one of the most
Important in the city, was designated
by Mayor Dunne as the scene of the
test) and to provide for two full shifts
enough men will be transferred from out
side houses to Increase the working
force from twenty-six to thlrty-slx men.
Under the system on trial half of
the men will work on the night shift of
fourteen hours, while the day shift has
ten hours of duty. Each Sunday at noon
the shifts exchange places, so that the
night shift, when it begins duty for the
week; must stand a watch of twenty
hours. &•*?.]
Under the old sj'Stem every man was
entitled to an hour for each meal at his
home, and in the course of twelve days
his time off consisted of one full day of
twenty-four hours, one night of twelve
hours and four half-days.
While the two-platoon system gives an
aggregate of double this amount of time
off duty, it ia argued that the time off
is of little benefit for recreation, as most
of it wilt be taken up in sleep. During
the long, unbroken watches under the
new system the men are not allowed to
leave the station - ; even to the extent
of crossing the street to secure tobacco.
CUBA CONSULTS AMERICA
ON PROPOSED TREATY
United States Advises Ag-alnst the Pact
Urged on Island by Great
Britain.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 23.— 1t can be
reiterated on ' the highest authority
that, although convinced; that the pro
posed Anglo-Cuban treaty Is distinctly
injurious to Cuba's Interests, the
Washington Government has never In
directly or directly questioned Cuba's
full right to negotiate such a treaty
with Great Britain or with 'any other
foreign nation. When asked by Cuba
for an expression of opinion regarding
the proposed - treaty with Great Brit
ain, the Washington Government out
lined the disadvantages which would
accrue to the republic under such an
arrangement. It was pointed out that
It would preclude this country from
giving to Cuba any further commercial
concessions. . /
INCENDIARY FIRE DESTROYS
LARGE LONG ISLAND HOME
Mansion of Captain Frederic H.
Bug-her Flrnt Looted and Then'
Burned.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23:^-<A.n incendiary
fire v yesterday destroyed the country
residence of Captain Frederic H.
Bugher, United States army, which
forms a part of the historic Ludlow es
tate at Oakdale, L. 1., where Admiral
Dewey. spent .his honeymoon. Accord
ing to a statement made last night by
Mrs. Bugher, the mansion was "first
looted and then burned to cover up the
robbery. She estimated the loss at
more than $30,000.
This Is the second. Incendiary fire
within a few days in the exclusive col
ony of millionaires and the residents
are In, a state of great apprehension. \u25a0
.- » \u2666 \u25a0 " \u25a0
PHILADELPHIA,' Oc\. 23. — Dr. Edward
Martin, director of the Department < of -Public
Health and Charities, to-day sent his resisna
tSonto Mayor Weaver. The ! position poys
$10,000. Dr. Martin etated that politics had
nothing; to do with hia . resignation, hla reasons
> btinf jrurtlr personal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 21, , 1905.
IVAN HOE NEVER HEADED
WHEN HE CUTS IN.
TALENT FORCES HIS PRICE DOWN
Chrysolite Makes
the Running at
Outset.'
Copper Gets Place
.by Outrunning
Legatee
— C 3 \u25a0 -
Special Dispatch to Tfa* Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23— Ivanhoe, played
from five down to two and a half, raced
home the winner in the fifth race to-day,
beating a field of maidens. « Chrysolite
went to the front and made the running
to the far turn, where he stopped.
Ivanhoe then moved up, and turning Into
the stretch he went to the front and was
never headed, winning easily by three
lengths from Copper, who got the place j
by a length from Legatee. There was
some crowding at the stretch turn, but
the order of the race was not changed.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling: - \u0084 _ \u25a0
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9to 2— Sterling, 102 (Miller) 2 1 1%1 5 .
Bto I— Reldmoore. 93 (Klenk)... 1 21V422
15 to I— Water Tank, i 94 (Corner) 4 3 1 8 1
Time. 1:14. Start bad. Won easily. .Win
ner L. F. Donahue's b. c. by Jeaa Beraud-
Nellie G. J X F, Progress, Vino, Townes
Ruth W, Speedsmlth, Lawsonlan. • Proposer
Pamela. Springban and Fred B finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; \
three-year-olds and up; selling: , -
Betting. Horee, Weight. Jockey. 8t % Fin.
3to s— Broadcloth 93 (Wiley)... 1 1 % 1 6
Bto I— Massa, 93 (Homer) 3 4 2 2 %
10 to I— S. H. Harris. 08 (Notter) 2^31 3 2
Time, 1:47 1-6. Start good. Won easily.
Winner J. A Drake's b. c by Woolthorpe-
Grenade. Jetsam, Sals, Nlnnasquaw. Ortho
dox. Celebration and I>lght Note finished a*
named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; tbr««-year-old«i
handicap: . '-\u0084,-,
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St % Fin.
16 to s— Diamond. 108 (Martin).. 8 .11%1. 1 1%1 a
! 15tol— Platoon. 98 (Smith) 1 2h 2 4
2tol— l. the Terrible.. 114 (Knp) 2.33 8 4
Time 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner A. Shields' eh. c. by Hastings-Golden
Dream." Kittle Platt. Zeala. • Alwln. Monac
odor and Waterside finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Six ' furlong* j th« Lynn
brook Handicap; two-year-olds:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
18 to s— Zienap. 100 (Sewell)... 4 6 % 1 n
6to I— B. Nymph. 122 (Shaw). 6 8 2 1
20 to I— J. Reddick. 116 (Burns). 7; 6% 8 h
Time. 1:14 2-6. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. G. Schulte's b. f. bY Florist-Al
leviate. Kinleydale. Hermitage. Hooray. Early
And Often, Ethelred and Security finished as
named. . ,
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth mllea;
for maidens; three-year-olda and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Wrtght, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
5 to 2— lvanhoe, 107 (W.Knap) 4 2 h 1 8
16 to s—Copper,5 — Copper, 110 (W.Buchan) 7 6 2 2 1
50 to I— Legatee. 106 (JiMrtn).. 8 418 1
Time. 1:50. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner L. V. Bell's eh. g. by Hermence-Georgia
Kiiiney. Thistledale, Conquest, Salt and Pep
per. Myrlca, Benlala and Chrysolite finished as
named. ' ' \u25a0\u25a0 - ' • • '"r
SIXTH RACE— MiIe and an eighth; handi
cap; all ages:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. . %. Fin.
6 to I— M. Crawford. 94 (Mlllr) 3 13 11%
12 to -IW-Jocund, 106 (Sewell)... 4 2 % 2 8
7to 2— A Dufour. 115 (W.Knp) 2 fl 2 3%'
Time. 1:53 2-6. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. W. Darden's eh. f.. by Tenny-
Flo Second. Ormonde's Right also ran.
:^ JAMAICA EXTBIES.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Jamaica:
First race, six furlongs. ' handicap—Lancas
trian 120. nquisltor 116. Special License 114,
Hector 110. Film Flam 110, Water ' Dog 109.
Old Guard 104; Moonshine 102. Gentian 100.
Second race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Captain Buchle 110. Gold Braid 109. Macbeth
107. Goldsmith 106, Buckleya 106, Adlos 105.
Jack McKeon 104, Flammula 103, Lady Jocelyn
103 White Ghost 103, Wyeth 101, Niblick 99.
Gllpin 98 Brigand 98, Danseuse 95, Red Fox
95 Consuelo II 95, Sun Ray 90, Rob Roy 103.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling-
Cambridge 106, .Birmingham 104, Benevolent
104, Delmore 102. Mlntia 102, Curley Jim 102,
Herman Johnson 102, Rust 98. Montanus 97,
Leonora W 96. Margaret M 95, • Avlston 95,
Delude 95. Cassandra 95, Listless 92.
Fourth race, mile and a • slxtenth, Amagan
sett Handicap— Gamara 108, Monet 105, : Pa
lette 103 Sidney C. Love 101, Louia H 101,
Jennie McCabe 95. \u25a0
Firth race, one and a quarter miles, selling —
The Southerner 100, Caronal 106, Sonoma Belle
100 Pelette 103 Mabel Richardson 103, Gren
ade' 103, Hippocrates 101, Jack Young 99,
Banker 96." Jennie McCabe 95. .
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
fillies— Blue Mamie 108,. Swell Girl 108, lolanda
108 Commune 108, Fanny ICB, Oriflamme 108,
Usury 106. Vly 108. Royal China 108, Skyte
108 Bivouac 108, Duenna 108, Meddling Daisy
108, Awning 108, Hill Lassie 103.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
\u25a0 - By the New Tork Morning Telerraph.
First race— lnquisitor, • Film Flam,
Waterdoc : . .
Second race — Wyeth, Goldsmith,
Brigand.
Third race— Delude, Leonora W,
Montanus.
Fourth race— Sidney C. Love, Louts
H, Palette. '
Fifth race— The Southerner, Grenade,
Hippocrates.
Sixth race— Usury, Duenna, Bivouac.
Weather clear. Track fast.
CHURCHES WILL DO AWAY
WITH CONTRIBUTION BOXES
Dei Molnei Pastors Hope Thus to In
crease Attendance at Re-
Ila-lons Exercises. '.'...
DES MOINES. Oct. 28.— 1f a move
ment which has Just been, started,
among churches in the state capital be
successful the contribution box will be
a thing of the past. An effort will be
made to secure pledges of certain
amounts from- the members of i the
churches," which will /be Collected
monthly. It has; been argued that .the
contribution box keeps? some persons
away from church. It \u25a0 is " hoped that if
the new ;method be adopted It -will; re-;
suit in a larger attendance at many
of the churches.
ELEPHANT UNDER ARREST,
FOR ; STEALING '< A WATCH
Circus Animal Makes Luncheon of a
Woman's Timepiece . and ' \u25a0
Bonnet. - \u25a0
POPLAR BLUFF, Mo., Oc t 23.—War
rants were served to-day on'- John C.
Robinson,, circus manager, and "Tip,"
one of his elephants, charging the theft
of : an $800 ; diamond ; set watch .a nd the
destruction of \u25a0a"'cosUyihat.\.;^
, Mrs. Ella Goltz of .'Portsmouth, Ohio,
visiting relatives : here,"!. was feeding : Tip
peanuts, when "] the : snatched
her watch "and swallowed It arid: also
made a" lunc/ieon of , her bonnet.'
Emmoai Case - Postponed.
SACRAMENTO,' Oct. 23.^-Owing to a
death in .the?: family fot /Judge,; B. •C.
•Hart I the case 'of 1 f ormer I Senator] E; . J. ;
Emmons, convicted' of was ;tof
day continued until: 2 S p.;; m.-. to-morrow,*
when ; his: counsel" will Vrenewj. his emo
tion for,anewj trial. attorney! will
introduce •. more Jto/show^that
niuch liquor. wa» . used in ;the'jury ' room. ;
The. Grand Jury may also take up the
matter. •" - • \u25a0'''\u25a0'. ;
CLASS LEADER
A GOOD JUMPER
Takes the Steeplechase at
Imtonia Track, --Leading
the Others From the Start
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI,,, Oct. 23.— * A greatly im
proved' track,', plenty ; of sunshine and a
! fairly good . card started off .the • third
week of the local meeting under favorable
racing conditions. "... The steeplechase over
the club i house .course was the feature.
It proved a splendid race/ all ' of the nine
i starters finishing the course 'without •• a
mishap. \u25a0'; Class Leader, nicely rated by
Boyle, won handily. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six and a ; hall furlongs;
, three-year-olds and up; eelllng: >_
Betting. Horse, Weight, 1 Jockey. St. %. Fin.,
ti to s— Woodlands. 103 (Morris) 3 2 2. 11 \
9to 2— J. Ratlin. 115 (Diggins) 6.5 1,2 1*
16 to I— Optional, 105 .(Swain).. 6 6 1 8 1%
Time. 1:24 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. B. Respess 1 b. c. (3) by Bain-Miss
Marion. April : Showers 113, Meister KarMOV
Verandah 100, Sanetoma 113, Madoo 103, Pen
«&e 105. King's Charm 105, finished as named.
SBCON'D RACE— MiIe and fifty yards;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Bettins. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
ft to 2— Amberita, 102 (Swain). 4 3 h 1 %
7 to 2— Slbs Lee, 95 (Morris)... 6 4 % 2 1
10 to I— Doltnda, 105 (Perkins).. 7.61.3%.
Time, 1:42 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. E. J. Oildersleeve's eh. m. (4) by
Near Gowan-Mlss Balm. Mamie Algol 100.
Neva Welch 98. J. P. Mayberry 102, Little
Giant 107, Hortensia 108. The Gadfly 105, fin
ished as named. -.- - .
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds;, maiden fillies; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
6 to 6— Tarp, 108 (Nicol) 2 12 16 «
7 to I— Trlsauce, 112 (Boland)... 6 8 2 2 1%
4 to I— Astrada, 105 (Morris) 4 2 h 84
Time. 1:00 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. J. B. Newman's eh. f. by The Elector-
Escalade. Minnehaha ICS, Edna Elliot 105,
Barlette 105, Grace 1 105, Sonata 106, Clover
Nook 306. First Advance 115, Kite , Tail 105,
Pauline Boyle 105, Ethel McCaffery 105, fin
ished as named.
FOURTH RAGE — Clubhouse course; steeple
chase; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6to I— Class Leader .145 (Boyle) 2 1111
10 to I— ltacatlara. 134 (Johnson) 1 8 4 2 8
4to I— Lights 0ut.139 (Pmbrtn)-8 16 3 2.
Time, 3:29 3-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. K. G. Mitchell's eh. g. (6), by Carls
bad-Genoa. Sweet Jane 150, John E. Owens
145, Lord Radnor 150, Laura X 127, Jim Hale
130, Bank Holiday 128, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— MiIe and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9to 20— Brancas, 116 (Nicol) ... 1 11 18
12 to I— Mcllvaln. 107 (Boland). 2 3 4 2 3
15 to I— Clgarllghter, 100 (Holld) 5 6 4 S 1
Time, 1:47 4-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. William Gerst's en. h. (4) by Knight
of Ellerslee-Bracket: Luralighter 103 also ran.
Pirate Polly 104 fell.
SIXTH RACE— Six and 1 * a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling:
Belting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Bto I— Belden. 99 (Koerner).. .6 8 2 1 %
20 to I—Bit.1 — Bit. Brown, 101 (Perkns) 1 1 6 3 h
16 to s— Theo; I Case. 95 (Morris) 8 \u25a0• 2 % 8 4 -
Time, 1 :22 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, %'. 6. Price's br. c, by Handsprlng-
A lie© Belle. Matabon 99, Pentagon 09, Cala
bash 102. Rolla 102, Tsara 96, Malleable 104,
Neodesha 104,' finished as named.
Lntonin Entries.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 23.— -Following are
the entries for to-morrow' at Latonla;
First race, six furlongs— Fat tonville 102, Os
eian 102. King Abysissia 102. Little Ben 102*
Royal Income 105 rt Tom Crowe - 105, , Wizard
King 106. Kingumere 105, Windshield 109,
Prince Glenn 109, Bourbon News 109, Adesso
109. Hedgethorn 110, Young Sater 105.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell-
Ing — Odd Luck 94. Fox Hunting 94,' Economist
99, The Trlfler 102, Lady Mistake 103, Mono
chord 103. Dell Leath 103, Eclectic 103, Dr.
Hart 103, King of the Valley 105. Harmakis
107, Falernlan 108, Devonsnire 108, The Buga
boo-111.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Euba 03,
Sincerity Belle 93. John H.- Kirby 101, Rath«r
Royal 101, Jovial C 103, Major Carpenter 103,
Agnes Virginia 104, Topic 106, Arc L.ight'lo6,
Flying Charcoal 108, Cygnei 109, Delagoa 109,
Sneer 111. Sid Silver 1U- ' , \u25a0
Fourth race, one mile/* handicap — Azellna 99,
Regale 99. Gold Enamel 102, Bowling Bridge
102. Dr. Wang 102. \u25a0' \u25a0
I Fifth race, six furlongs, purse — Queen Caro
line 100. French Nun 100, America II 100, Bal
ehot 100. Inspector Gin 100, Floss - S 104.
Charge 104, Woggle Bug 104,' Lady Esther 104.
Vie Kenney 108, Evajean 108, Minnie Adams
110. • ' \u25a0 \u25a0 •
Sixth race, one mile and a \u25a0 hundred yards,
gelling— Green Gown 94. The Only Way 94,
Tapiola 100. Light Opera 100, Judge -Traynor
101. Winton 102. Arthur Cummer 102, Stetl
Trap 103, Freealas AW, Ada N'los. St. Tam
many 105, Stroud 106. Depends 107, ' Lemon
Girl 108.
LATONIA SELECTIONS.
By ths New Tcrk Morninr Telegraph.
First race— Tom Crowe, Adesso, King
Abyssinia. \u0084 _
t Second race— Falernfan, Economist,
Monachord.
Third race— Delagoa, Rather Royal,
Affnes Virginia. /. *> \"v^
Fourth rnce^ — Resale, Azellna, Dr.
Wan«. | '• . . f - .: ' ' '\u25a0- ' -\u25a0"-\u25a0;.
\ Fifth race— Minnie Adams, Lady Es
ther, French Nun.
. , Sixth. race-«-St. Tammany, Depends,
Tapiola.
: Weather clear. Traclc slow.
ONCE WEALTHY, MERCHANT
GOES TO THE POORHOUSE
Says He Started on His Downward Ca
• • reer With First Drink of
Philadelphia; ; oct/ 28.— Martini f.
Black, who says 5 that five years ago he
was a prosperous commission merchant
in New York Cl ty'.l wi th a : fortune : esti
mated at from $150,000. to- $200,000," ap
peared > before Magistrate^ Elsenbrown
to-day and. ask«ii to' be;/ sent." to j; the
House of ; Correction, where he would
be sure of shelter; during the winter.
His ; request was ' granted. ,
"I was ruined by gambling and
drink," said Black. ;,','! ; once had a fine
commission business ;in Newj York."r ;"A
customergot me to take my. firstj drink
by : shaming me into . it, and from 'that
tlniei I Went \ straight' down. v If learned
to love liquor; ln a day and; losti sl2oo.
at stud poker the night I started drink
ing.". .\u25a0' ' "._ "* ..\u25a0 V
TAFT WOULD INCREASE '
ARTILLEIIYMEN IN .'ARMY
Desires That There Shall Be Sufficient
Number of Men to Mm
-. : .u '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ->:V.tne ? Forts^: i '• . . . . " -\u25a0' j
WASHINGTON, ;> Oct. V; 2 3.— Secretary,
Taf t \u25a0 will \- recommend *to Congress £an
increase ; in .the : number \ot artillerymen'
In : the army: in! order, that there shall be
a* sufficient; number; of; menHolman|the
forts * and ; care"; for? the 'coast 'def ense's.*
*It Vis }not V'expectedi that g there '? will >be
any " reduction rin 4 the "'estimates \of \ the
War 9 DepartmentUhls;year,fasUhe(ex-,
penses ; of ; the army .cannot be , decreased
and J additional 'i appropriations i'are ~-\ hec-"
essary .'. to * continue I the "; fortifications ! In'
the lnsular, possessions.'. '.
%f Although • it) is ; expected [ that i no esti
mates i will; be" 1 made; for.! a*' general' river,
and ; harbor: bill,' the regular.^ estimates
f or, the continuing.contracts, will not be
1 diminished. •• '. ;'- : . : ; \u25a0 . i' , rj *('.'\u25a0?'.-'\u25a0
MONEY COMING
NELSON'S WAY
Battling o)aiie Says He Will
Not Do 'iny More Boxing
for the Next Six Months
. •- -\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 *\u25a0 . . .
RESPECTS JIM GARDNER
If the Lowell Boy Will Do
133 Pounds Ringside He
Can Have the Next Match
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- ST. LOUIS. : Oct., 23.— Battling Nelson
announced tofday. that 'tie would not fight
any more for , six months.
- "I'ia. gathering some soft money on the
burlesque circuit,"*. said the Dane, "so
.why should I right? .There are plenty of
good boys who can hold me pretty close
doing limited, round bouts. ;; I j Intend to
\ give exhibitions ias long as \u25a0 there la
money \ln them. - When they play • out I
will .then fight the'best j men available. .
; "McGovern" wants me to meet him at
126. I can do 128 all "right, but 128 is
hard. Gardner wants me to meet at 138.
Here they come twelve pounds apart.* Is
it not asking too much of me? I. will
finish my theatrical engagements In the
spring; then any of them at 133 pounds
ringside." ."':_
"Will you fight Jimmy Gardner r* Nel
son was asked.
"I 'will, yes, If he 'makes 133 pounds
ringside," said the Dane. "He is too
good a man : and too . dangerous to give
any ...weight': to. He^lsclever and a ter
rific puncher. He 'guards like Jeffries
and hits like Fitzsimmons. He would
fight me as , a welter-weight. I am closer
to a feather; than a light weight. .
"I feel that Gardner Is two classes
heavier than I am. \ He jls | too . good to
hanker after fighting him: If hie makes
133 I must . fight him, but' not an ounce
shall I give him. He Is too dangerous to
fool with." '-'\u25a0\u25a0
JAPAN'S GREAT
NAVAL REVIEW
TOKIO. Oct. 23.— The naval review to
day passed off without* the slightest hitch.
It was an impressive sight, not on ac
count of the size and number of the ships,
but as a conglomeration of fighting craft
fresh from the war and crowned with
victories "of unprecedented magnitude.
Three hundred and eight warships, in
cluding the foreign Russian battleships
Peresviet (renamed by the Japanese the
Sagami, Poltava (Tango), Nlcolal I (Ikl),
the Ironclads General Admiral Apraxlne
(Oklnoshima) and Admiral Seniavian
(Minoshlma), twelve auxiliary cruisers,
including three chartered vessels; twenty
eight torpedo-boat destroyers, including
the captured Bedovi and Ryeshltelni;
seventy-BeventorpedO7boats and five sub
marine boats, were, drawn up In six lines.
: The Emperor, on board the cruiser
Asama, led by the protected cruiser
Yaeyama and escorted by the - gunboats
Tatsuta, Chihaya and Manshu, passed
along the front of the first line, which
was headed by the battleship Shlkishima,
Admiral Togo's flagship. When the Nico
lai I, which was at the end of the line,
was reached, the cruiser Asama headed
due- northward and then In a westerly
direction, entering between the eecona
and third lines and afterward resumed
her original position. During this ma
neuver Admiral Togo was at the Em
peror's side.
The Emperor then received in audience
on board the Asama Admiral Noel and
the captains of. the British and American
warships present (the battleship, Wisco
nsin and the cruiser Cincinnati).
- The weather was fair, but It was misty
on the water. Popular enthusiasm was
aroused to the highest pitch. Besides the
thousands who witnessed the naval
pageant .from all sorts of craft In the
bay all of the available points of vantage
along the shore were densely covered
with eager spectators. The spectacle
caused much Joy and satisfaction among
the Japanese, especially in the breasts of
those who recalled that only forty years
have elapsed since at that very spot no
• warships except those of foreign powers
had ever: floated. It Is 'believed that the
review will give a powerful stimulus to
national education. .
. TOKIO, Oct.' 24, noon.— Toklo's reception
to-day to' officers and men of the com
bined fleets \ was a most notable affair.
The day was extremely, fine and the pub
lic enthusiasm was unparalleled. * :.';;.
j As the procession moved from the Shim
! bashl .railway, station . to Uyeno Park,
"along \u25a0 the crowded streets, the air was
rent with .thunderous cheers.
i Admiral Togo's carriage was profusely
decorated with : flowers and ' the public
feeling toward, him was next to that
shown to - the' Emperor .'
FRENCH COUNT TO WED '
INTO M ACKAY FAMILY
_ LONDON, Oct. 23.— 1t was announced
"to-day ; that.. Donna Blanca ".Colonna,
Mrs. J. W.'Mackay's granddaughter. Is
engaged* to . Count: Jules deDulclr. a
member of a leading; French family.
The Count Is about 30 years old. They
met last winter. It, is :a love match on
both^ sides. : Both families are pleased
with the match.
Cnllf ornlann " In Nevr .York.
NEWjYORK/Oct. 23.— -The' following
Calif ornians ."have.: arrived In New
York:-;' . '.'\u25a0._'>' . :-:v; \u25a0:' \u25a0
FronT San Francisco— J. %\u25a0\u25a0 M. Camp
bell, at /the Gerard; \u25a0.: F. Nells, at the
Park Avenue; Mrs.. R. B.'Peoll, at the
Albert; F. P. Rossiter, at the -Hotel
Breslln ; W. C. Thornbonor, at the Hol
land ; y Miss # M. .Wood, at tfie - Albert; J.
Blngharn, at* the Grand Union;, Miss M.
E. ;Blume, R. A. Bolmess.'at the Cum
berland; ; J. D. Cardllle, 'at the Hotel
Breslln; P.' S. :Caffey, at : the Astor
House;- Miss Franklyn.'at the":EarN
ington; A;;M."Harter, at the Imperial;
E. \u25a0B. - Holladay. ; at the Hotel Seville;
AY. Lange and wife, at, the; Hotel As
tor;--r J. B. r Levlsonj \u25a0 ' at ".; the , Holland
House ; £ P. . Likes.;at;theiHotel\Cadil
lac ;\l Cf A: ; Miller. Vat \u25a0 the \u25a0 St.' Denis ; Ho
tel : h Miss <\u25a0 C. ;Pratt,"(at \ the \ Continental;
B. W. Rice, , at ; the Hotel : Imperial ; h M. ;
I*'i Tapping at>the JHotel jAlbert; Mrs.
W. s Zaretsky,;at";the'HoterAstor.*:. v '\u25a0;; ._>;
• : From Santa Barbara^r-C. 1 Hr Fried and
wife,. at: the Cumberland. ,•
\u25a0; ; From : i San^ Jose-^f-H. W. Eustace, at
the Gerard."* ; ;
i From rLos; Angeles— -8.-.S. Beddlon, at
the- Park "Avenue ; :, C. ; R.", : Corbln Q and
wif e.-at ': the" New f Amsterdam; . * Miss P.
F.^ Gold,; at "the VVictoria^" ; ; ,
WOMAN : ;TRIES iTO : . END : HER LTFE,—
"Wanna Ramus, a -woman tobacconist who lives
at 827. Montgomery etreet, 3 tried tn end her life
yesterday ' by \u0094 inhaling <• gas. ' - She > was taken
'to > the .-. Cen*-:i ? Emergency .' Hospital and . will
ANGELS LOOK
LIKE WINNERS
Southern Team Comes With
a I\ush and Figures to Get
Away With the Pennant
COMMUTERS ARE ALL IN
San Francisco and Portland
Show Flashes of Speed,
but Never Go the Route
GAMES TO-DAY.
Portland at 1 San 'Francisco*
Tacoma at Oakland.
Seattle at Los Angtln.
From the present outlook in the base
ball pennant race" the Ang&s seem to
have, one royal chance to get away with
the flag for the second half of the. sea
son. The southern brigade of balltossers
is now in the running for keeps, while
Oakland has slumped so badly that they
do not loom , up dangerous any more.
*Los Angeles has been playing some
grand ball, and. by beating the Tigers so
decisively during the , last two . weeks,
they climbed to the top of the heap. In
the meantime,- the, other teams of'tfie
league were breaking about even, save
TacOma, which suffered such a humilia
tion at the hands of Slorley's stars.
It seems strange that a team like Ta
coma, which won the first half of the
season so decisively, should fall down
and figure with the tallenders in the
second half. If race-track stewards had
charge of the league they would undoubt
edly take a fall out of. Mike Fisher and
demand an explanation as to the reversal
of form displayed by his team.
San Francisco and Portland look \u25a0to fig
ure about even. Both teams are in-and
outers. One week they play big league
ball and made a bid for first honors; then
they, turn right around and slump so bad
ly that the fans all become disgusted.
They will hook up this afternoon in
the first game of the series, and the out
come is about a toss-up, though the Seals
should have a shade the better of it on
the home grounds.
Oakland needs pitchers. With Schmidt
gone, the team Is In a bad way for box
artists. Graham was rated as the stand
by, but he is so erratic that he never
can be depended on to win any games.
Blexrud shows flashes of speed at times,
but he has not won games enough In this
league to stamp him as a head-liner.'
Ham Iberg Is really the only reliable
man Oakland has now, but he alone can
not keep the team at the top of the list.
Beginning to-day there will be baseball
every day at Oakland, with the exception
of Monday. The Tigers will meet the
Commuters this afternoon In a week's
series. If Tacoma does not begin to win
a few games soon, there seems to be no
hope left, but In Oakland the Tigers en
counter easy game, and should do some
good.
LOWER PRICE
IS DEMANDED
FRESNO, Oct. 23.— The directors of the
Central California Raisin . Growers' Com
pany were In session until late this even-
Ing, discussing a proposition put to, them
by the packers. The packers and some of
the officials of the company demand that
the price "of raisins be lowered In order
to get off, some of the goods that have
accumulated. It Is believed by some of
the men that unless the price is lowered
there will be a big holdover, which will
mean possible disaster In prices next
year. The sessions of the directors were
secret, but it was given out that there
was a deadlock and no action was taken.
An adjournment was taken until to-mor
row morning, when the matter will again
be taken up In discussion.
At a secret meeting of the California
Raisin-Growers' t Company to-night a
cut of 1 cent a pound on all seeded
raisins was ordered.
Army and \ Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— Army or
ders: The following quartermasters of
the United States army are relieved
from duty in the Philippines Division
and will proceed on the first available
transport to San : Francisco and report
by telegraph to the military secretary
of the army for further orders: Cap
tains C. Lyde, D. V. Hunt. Charles H.
Marden'and Kensey J. Hampton. Con
tract Surgeon Charles F.'Kuhn, United
States army, now at San .Francisco,
will proceed to Fort Lawton, Washing
ton, and report to the commanding offi
cer of that post for duty and by letter
to the commanding general of. the De
partment of the Columbia-
Navy orders: Paymaster' W. T.
Gray will" be detached from the navy
yard at League -Island. Perm., on Octo
ber 31. to the naval station at Cavlte,
as ; general storekeeper, \u25a0 sailing from
San Francisco* on November 25. Assist
ant/Paymaster H. C. McCrea will go to
the navy yard at Puget Sound on No
vember 15 for duty as assistant to the
general storekeeper.
KDi«> OF JILL DISEASES
To Contagious Blood Poison rightfully belongs the name King of all
Diseases. It is the most powerful of all human ailments— cornrptlng every
part of the body and wrecking -and ruining the lives of those unfortunate
enough to contract it. When the first sign appears in the form of an insig-
fnificant sore or ulc«r, few persons realize that the deadly virus has entered
\u25a0 the blood; but so potent is the poison that one drop will vitiate and pollute
the purest and healthiest blood, and in a short time the degrading, and hor-
rible symptoms begin to appear/ The mouth and throat ulcerate, the glands
in the neck and groins swell, the hair and eye-brows fall out, copper-colored
spots appear oh the body, and in the latter stages of the disease the poison
even .works down and destroys the i bones. No other : disease te so highly
contagious^and many, have contracted it and suffered its awful consequences
through ia friendly: hand-shake, handling the clothing of one afflicted "with •
It, ; or drinking f rbnvthe same vessel ." S.S. S. , The King of Blood Purifiers,
is the: o"nly cure; for Contagious Blood Poison. It goes down into the cir-
culation and forces out every particle of the virus. It is nature's antidote
\u25a0'".V \u25a0"- -^m__ ? or **"V peculiar poison, and cures the disease
. -ffiM * n *** lis sta £ cs » a "^ cures it permanently.
S. S. S. does not hide or. cover up any of the
ll^^P^l^^P^l^yß-^ poison to break out in future years, but so com-
eradicates it frotu the blood that nosigns
PURELY VEG ETA BL E. "^ ever seen a S: a ) n « S. S. S. is purely vegetable.
\u0084 \u25a0.•'\u25a0•/\u25a0; "we offer $i, coo for proof that it contains a par-
ticle •of mineral of ? any :. kind. Book "with " instructions for home treatment
and any medical advice you desire will be furnished by our physicians
without charge. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. AtIANTA. GA.
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
CDRRIGAN WILL
MAKE A FIGHT
Captain Brown Stakes Horse
man to §500,000 to Fight
the -Western- -Jockey 'Club
MEEK Y WAR LOOKED FOR
Rival Turf Magnates Sure
to Make Things Hum in
New Orleans This Winter
Spacial Dispatch to Th« Call.
CHICAGO. Oct. 23. — Moved to Imme
diate action on the announcement that
John Condon and Louis A. Cella had
purchased an Interest In the Crescent
City racetrack and controlled an extra
10 per cent, which practically placed
them in absolute control, the American
Turf Association, the rival body, now
comes forward with words of comfort
to its followers.
W. Campbell Scott, manager of Cap
tain S. S. Brown's Lexington Interests.
Is responsible for the statement that
the Plttsbur? millionaire has placed
half a million dollars at the disposal
of Ed Corrisran and the American Turf
Association in Its fight with the West
ern Jockey Club at New Orleans tht
coming winter. Mr. Scott further
stated that when the dates were allot
ted to Hot Springs it was In belief that
the fever in New Orleans would not
permit racing there before the middle
of December.
BETTING ON NEW
YORK ELECTION
Special Dispatch to Th« Can.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— There were som»
interesting changes in the election bet
ting odds to-day", the most Important of
which was an improvement, in a specu
lative way, in the chances of success of
District Attorney Jerome. From belns
a "long shot" last week Jerome was
picked as an even choice with Oa
borne, the Tammany nominee, who has
been favorite heretofore. One sum of
$5000 was bet at evens to-day on Jerome.
Last .week the latter's chances of elec
tion were represented by odds of two
to five. .
Whether sentiment has changed con
cerning McClellan's prospects did not ap
pear, but bettors found it impossible to
get odds of five to one, as was the case
last week. There was one bet of $1000
to $200 that McClellan would be elected,
but this wager was placed early in the
day. Later the odds shortened and at
the close the Tammany nominee was four
to one. J. J. Judge placed a bet with
Steele and De Kay of $300 to $1000 on
the field against McClellan.
There was a decided improvement ia
the betting on Hearst's chances. Even
money was wagered in liberal quantities
that he would poll 100,000 votes. Less was
heard of Ivlns* chances, and there were
bets that McClellan would poll as many
votes as Ivins and Hearst together.
That interest was centering In the run
of Hearst was evidenced by the number
and variety of offers as to the votes he
would poll. Even money was offered
thafhe would not get 110.000 votes, even
money that he would get 100.000. and 73
to 100 that he would not get 100,000 rotes.
RAISIN DEALER
OCCUPIES CELL
FRESNO. Oct. 23.— W. C. West, man
ager of the California Canners' Associa
tion, was arrested to-day and charged
with grand larceny. He Is accused by
Thomas H. Lynch, manager of the Cen
tral California Raisin Growers' Company,
with the theft of 600.000 raisin cartons.
Early in the season West secured -ths
Seroplan Brothers' packing-house, which
was not taken into the packers' and grow
ers' combine, and set out to ship raisms
East without regard to the prices set by
the growers and the packers. ln the com
bine. In order to cripple West's company
Lynch bought up 1.000.000 raisin cartons,
which were to be used, for seeded raisins,
entirely cutting off 'the California Can
ners' Association's supply. West went to
a storage house \u25a0 here where the cartons
were kept and produced a release of a
mortgage held \u25a0by a local bank. This
mortgage covered only three cases of car
tons, but West managed to get 800.000 of
the cartons stored on the strength of ths
release of the three cases of cartons.*,*
To-day Lynch discovered that the car
tons were gone and that -West had taken
them.' West 'was arrested on a warrant
issued by Police Judge Herbert FYBrlggs.
The accused ~ man is out on ball. Th»
cartons taxen by West are worth ' about
$3000.LINER SIBERIA NOW HOLDS RECORD
\u25a0---,-\u25a0>.-:.--\u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 • " \u25a0 \u25a0 . -
BEATS KOREA'S TIME FROM YOKOHAMA BY THIRTY-SIX MINUTES
Harjiman Backs His
Ship and Wins
$2000
Divides Robert Goe
let's Money Among
the Crew.
The liner Siberia now holds the world's
record for speedy traveling between
Japan and the mainland. She arrived
yesterday direct from Yokohama, and she
made bettor lime than her twin sister.
the Korea, by Just thirty-six minutes.
Incidentally she won for President K. H.
Harrlman, .who was a passenger, $2000,
which the transportation king turned
over to the men who had persuaded the
liner's engines to do their b«st.
The Cr>oo was contributed by Robert
Goelet, who made the round trip In the
Siberia with President Htrriman. Harri
man Droved his sporting blood by taking
the bet when the Siberia's chance for
breaking the record looked very dark.
There had been two days of strong and
contrary gales. The sun had been hidden
and the stars obscured so that taking an
observation had been out of the ques
xlon. The liner was being navigated by
dead. -reckoning: and the barometer held
no hopes of a change In the weather.
.."Your old shio won't make it, Harrl
man," remarked Goelet. "The Korea will
knock F»ots out of her."
"And how much did I hear you say you
were willing to risk on the worth of your
opinion?" bantered back Harriman.
"I'll bet 52000 to $1000 that she does not
beat the Korea's time."
"I'll Just go you."
And when the arrival time was taken
and it had been figured out to every
body's satisfaction, that the Siberia had
won by a margin of thirty-six minutes,
Goelet handed to Mr. Harriman a check
for $2000. Harriman turned the check
over to Purser Jerome, and when the
Siberia's crew is paid off every member
that contributed extra effort to secure the
nwflfu! burst of speed will receive part
of the Goelet check with the compliments
of President E. H. Harriman.
The Siberia was ten days. t*>n hours and
twenty-eight minutes coming from Yoko
hatha. .. . .
Sh* brought a heavy cargo, which in
cluded 13ST bales of raw silk, valued at
nearly $1,000,000. She had in add>«°!»
waste Fllk and sUk eoo6s worth J&0.000.
rice, tea. mattine and general merchan
dise. In her' treasure room ™;e rtx
boxes of Japanese yen. valued at $130,000.
The, Siberia's passengers were:
From Honrton*-C. H. levers. W. H-BdN
W^rtni-k J. £ Hamilton. Woo Ming. Tong
SU^an^»-Hon de "°Sodchaux. Mrs. F. Ood
ohPW F\ E. Warren. Captain J. JohynneMen
Dt ? Howard Taylor. Mrs. \u25a0 Howard T»> lor.
S?SS?S&M?««*. C H. Uuttlch.
O. ToUnd. Miss G. D.
wMt» \u25a0r- O Olllis F. Palmer. Mrs. F.
vv r Hut>hard, F\ E. Fernald. Hon. F. t
barren.- MTss A.r MrMnlan. Miss *-.*;*<+\u25a0
Tiiprr--K Mori. S. T. Nakayama. Miss M.
rr^V«i T G 'rhmidiap'). Miss C. Sehmtd
tf£a Cartl- Harriman. Master Roland Harri-
AJFrey Captain S. Cosby. Mrs. J. Takito.
y- Taktto and aerVaßt. 3 Fttrslmons U R.
MochWa' Mte Alice Roosevelt. Hor. N Long.
XSrtt. C. Armstrong. W ™*° n ™ \*' '• «° b ."
lnson. William Haywood. . Mrs. vnillam Ha>
wood Miss Doris Haywood. W. Haywood.
Tbom'u Carey. HJ^.
I mntllla Arrive* From North.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Compa-ny's
Umatllla. Captain Nopasder, arrived early
yesterday morning from Puget Sound. On her
n-itwiLrd voyage the Umatilla ran into a gale
wh'hdeveloped into a hurricane. The .team
«r w**toerU the blow jjafely. but that she
escar>ed without serious damage and that no
Vves were lost was due largely to the good
J^mmWp of Captain Nopander. When the
r^ccl reached Seattle the passengers pub
11** thSked the captain Jis officers «nd
crew for the way they "ad handed the ship
and manared the passengers in a time of great
•tres^ The UmatiUa's homeward run was un
eventful. ->•.;,• - . .
The Overdue Umt.
The British bark Kilmallie, bound from
Bhle'.ds for Tacoma and quoted for reinsurance
•.t 10 per cent, has put into Montevideo to re
paJr damages eustained In heavy weather. The
other overducs are quoted as follows: Ed
tr.und S3 per «ent; St. Donatien. 60 per cent;
Princlpellty. »0 per cent; Forteviot 15 per
cent; Duches«o de Bern. Hilston and M- E.
Wataon. 10 per cent. .
Puts' lnto' Valparaiso.
Accezdlnc t*» * cablegram received yester
fiay at the Merchants* Exchange from Rio
C- Janeiro, the British steamship Masrapequa,
from Valparaiso for New York, has put lnt;»
Bio with her machinery damaged.
Water .Front Xotea.
The British tramp steamer Agincourt, which
arrived a few day* ago with a cargo of
eulpbrsr. cleared yesterday for Kobe via Port
land ' *- -
Th* • French bark General de Boisdeffre
cleared yesterday for Queenstovn.
Th« British «h!p Burmah cleared yesterday
for Victoria, B. C. ;
TRe Oceanic fttearnshlp Company's - liner
Ventura, which was expected yesterday from
the Antipodes, had not put In an appearance
&t tur.f-t. She will be in early this morning.
KEWS OP THI2 OCEAV.
platters of . Intercut .to Slarfners and
'.'.'' Shipplnj; Merchants.
Tri£ "Korwertah »tcamer Vanadis' (on Pugei
Sound) ' i* chartered * for wheat, flour "and
merchandise, thence to Vladivostok at f6,
chartered rricr to arrival. -
The British steamer ' Waddon loads general
cargo here for the west coast of South
America.
The British ship Kirkcudbrightshire Is char
tered for lumber from Eureka . to . Melbourne
Clump sum).
Grain for Europe.
The French bark General de • Boisdeffre was
cleared yesterday for Queenstonn for. orders,
with r.S.OC-* ctls' barley, valued at 170.553 and
(KXSt eOs wheat, valued at $12. €07. The ves
«el- Also had 22.000 ft lumber as dunnage,
valued at |230.
Shipment of Tan Bark.
The Critlsa \u25a0 steamer Agincourt • was \u25a0 cleared
yeviertiay for Kobe via Portland with 47S
tons tan' bark, valued at (11.400, as cargo
frwn this j*irt.
Scrap Iron tor .Yew Vorlc
The ship' John A. Briggs wm cleared yes
terda)' for New ' York, via Seattle, with 500
too* scrap Iron.
Cxpbrta by the Panama Liner.
The steamer San Juan, which sailed on Sat
urday tor Ancon and way ports, had a gen
eral merchandise cargo, valued at 1106.267, to
be distributed as follows: For Mexico, (19,400;
Central America, $33,154; Panama, tO078; New
York $3Jm802; Jamaica. $11*4; Trinidad Island,
$1362; Chile. f222; Germany. $045; England,
$3750. • The following w«re the principal ex-
Mexico— lsoo lbs ralslne. 1110 lbs dried
fruit, t«96 lbs hum and bacon, 1673 lbs mill
\u25a0tuffs OT>s lb» bread, S3 crts potatoes, S3 crts
«dona. 12S pket fresb frulta. 38 cs canned
poods, 12 cs table preparations, 2S cs bak
lnir powder. 2270 lbs spices. 10 es olives, 2
cs olive oil, 10 pkgs fresh vegetables. 8M gals
1 cs wine. 27 gals whisky, 5 cs mineral water,
2S pkgs Kroceries . and provisions, 12.180 ft
lumber. 101 pcs 21 pkgs iron. 21 bdls steel. 40
boiler tubes. lt>3 pkgrst 16 pcs machinery, 32,102
lbs tallow. 10,000 lbs grease. 0 coils rope,' 20
cs cartridges. 42 pkgs car wheels, 4 bales
oakum. $\u2666 cs paints, 10 bdls oars. 0 cs typewrit
ers. 3120 lbs cyanide. 25 cs 1 bbl tar, 12 kegs
nails, 3s» lbs wajc, 100 bxs candles. 331S Ib 3
blu*stone. 3 bales cotton duck, 20 pkgs barbed
wlrf. 763 sks coke, 3 bdls brooms.
To Central America— 2BBB bbls flour, 452 ctls
corn. 67,447 lbs rice. 36.P00 lbs lard, 1607 lbs
bread. 413 crts potatoes, S crts onions, 20 pkgs
fresh fruits, 853 lbs dried rrult, 1114 lbs 4
pkgs raisins. 245 lbs 1 cs millstuffs, .V> cs as
sorted canned goods, 50 cs canned f=almon, S
c« table preparations, 789 lbs spices. S3 cs teaj
40 pkgs groceries and provisions, ItRO gals l\
cs wine. 19 srals ol> cs whisky, 4 cs brandy,
21,477 ft lumber, 103 cs coal oil, 22 cs tur
pentine. 17 bbls 20 cs.oils, S cs 1 bbl tar. '.i
pkgs agricultural Implements, 18,5fi<} lbs tal
low, 4O.MX) lb* cement. 26 pkgs dry goods, 16
cs S'iap. \u2666W pkgs machinery, TJ9 pktrs pipe anil
fittings, 11 sks coal, 24 pkgs paints, 2 head
cattle.
To Panama — 5O bbls flour, 350 cs canned
salmon. 105 cs assorted canned goods, 1»JO crts
potatdes. 200 crts onions, 12,832 lbs beans,
25 bales hay. 100 lbs dried fruit. 50,000 lbs
sugar, 7382 gals win<», ti pkgs groceries and
provisions. 20 pkgs machinery. 1 cs dry goods,
1000 bxs soap. %
To New Y0rk— 46,544 gals wine. 28 gals
brandy, 300,442 lbs pig lead, 104 flasks quick
silver. 18.275 lbs dry hides. 5 bbls printing ink,
€6 sks cattle horns, 9 pkgs junk.
To Jamaica — 350 lbs dried fruit. 180 lbs
raisins, 10 cs canned salmon, 12 cs assorted
canned goods.
To Trinidad Island — 341 cs canned salmon.
To Germany — 10 cs canned fruit, 20 cs drugs.
To England — 37,846- lbs hops.
\u25a0 . Movement of Steamer*.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. \u25a0 j Due.
Oregonlan Seattle jOct. 24
Noyo Humboldt Oct. 21
Enterprise... Hilo On. 21
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. .jo.t. 24
Norwood San Pedro (Oct. 24
Pomona i Humboldt |O<it. 24
Vanguard .... Humboldt jOct. 25
Aurelia Portland & Astoria jOct. 25
Rainier Seattle & Bellingbam. .'Oct. 25
Del Norte Crescent City (Oct. 'M
F. Leggett... Humboldt |Oct. 2U
Neko Hamburg &. Way PortS|Oct. 2ts
Porno.. Point Arena & Albion.. |Oct. 20
fianta Rosa... San Diego &. Way PortejOct. 2tf
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way PortsjOct. 26
Columbia Portland & Astoria ;Oct. 28
Chas. Ntleon. Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 20
Mackinaw.... Tacoma (Oct. 2tf
Corona Humboldt lOct. Xt
Northland Portland & Astoria |Oct_ 27
Acme Wlllapa haruor Oct. 27
Abydos Seattle Oct. 28
Queen \u0084.. Puget Sound Ports Oct. 28
Hcanoke Portland &. Way Ports. Oct. -28
Eureka. Humboldt Oct. 2S
Chehalis Grays Harbor Oct. •»»
CltyTopeka.. Mexican Ports ..(Oct. 2»
M. F. Plant.. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.JOct. 23
Breakwater.. Coos Bay |Oct. 19
StaFoam.... Mendocino & Pt. ArenajOct. 2i
Arctic Humboldt JOct. 2ft
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 3y
State of Cal.. Ban Diego & Way PortsiOct. 3ii
G. I^lndauer.. j Grays Harbor iOct. 30
Jeanie Seattle &\u25a0 Tacoma [Oct. 30
Costa Rica... Portland &. Astoria ....|Oct. ai
Anubis "... Seattle |Oct- 31
F. Kllburn.. Portland & Way PortS|Nov. 1
Peru New York via Ancon. ..(Nov. 1
Homer Portland & Astoria. ...| Nov. 1
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports... . I Nov. 2
Mongolia China & Japan |Nov. 3
TO BAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.! Pier.
_______ 1 *
October 24. | |*
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor . ...| 4 pm|Pier 20
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 6 pnj|Pler 20
Nome City. Seattle & Tacoma.. spm Pier 16
Norwood — Grays Harbor Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay S pm Pier H
!M. F. Plant Cocs Bay 6 pmlPler 11
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portlandlll arn'Pler 2<
Corinthian: Humboldt | 5 pm|Pier 2
October 25. |
Germanicu* \nadlvostok Pier ltt
Vanguard., i^jg Angelea Ports 5 pm Pier 27
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier a
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 0
South Bay.. Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 27
Arctic: Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Sea Foam.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 3
Bonita Newport & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
BanMateo.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm|Pler 20
Cascade.... Grays Harbor 5 pmjpier 2
October 26. I
Pomona Humboldt \u0084l:3op!Pier 9
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am | Pier 11
Noyo Humboldt 9 amlPier 20
Nebraskan. Hono. \ & Kahulul.. 3 pm[Pier'23
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 2 pmJPier 10
F. Leggett. Los Angeles Ports 12 mjPJer 2
October 27. . |
Amer. Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
October 28. |
Porno Pt- Arena & Albion 6 pm'Pier 2
Roanoke... Loa Angeles Porte. 6 pm'Pier B
City Sydney N. T. via Ancon. . t l2 m Pier -»o
Aurelia.... Aetoria & Portland| 5 pmfpjer 27
Rainier Seattle & Bell'ham| 2 pm Pier 10
Chchalls Los Angeles Ports Pier i
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier, 2
Centralia... Grays Harbor * 2 pm Pier 10
October 20. | i-
Coos Bay-.i San Pedro & Way.| 9 amlPier 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portland|ll amlPier 2*
Corona Hnmboldt ......... 1:30 pIPUr 9
S. Rosa Sa » D1 «o & Way. I 0 am|Pier 11
October 30. | | .
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm|Pi e r 20
> October 31. |
Abydos Hamburg &Wy Pts 12 m Pier 19
Northland.. Astoria & Portland 10 am Pier 27
JVoveinber 1. \u25a0
Queen...... Puget Sound Porte 11 am Pier V
.Vovcinber .- |
Ventura Sydney Si Way Pts 2 pmiPier 7
.Vovrmber 3. ' |
F. Kilbum- Portland & Way... 5 pm|Pier 27
JVovember 4. 1 . |
Siberia China & Japan. ...l 1 pmlPl'er 40
Peru N. Y. via Ancon.. ll2 miPler 4i»
Anubis Hamburg & Way.|l2 m| Pier 19
' FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. " Sails.
Farallon Skagway & Way . Ports. Oct. 21
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 28
Portland Cooks Inlet A Way Pts. Oct. 25
Edith • Valdtz &. Seward ....Oct. 28
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Port*. Oct. 28
City Seattle.. Skagway &. Way Ports. Oct. 27
Jefferson Ekagway A Way. Ports. Oct. 3o
Excelsior.... Seward & Way Ports.. |Nov. 1
Bertha Kodlak & Way Porta. . . |Nov. JO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY- OCTOBER 24, 1905.
STEAMSHIP UMATILitA WHICH
WEATHERED A TERRIFIC HUR
RICANE ON HER QUTWARD
VOYAGE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
! United States Coast * and Geodetic Survey— •
Time and Height of High and Low Waten
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
superintendent. ;
NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (MUslon-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
j of tide is the same at both places.
j TUESDAY,' OCTOBER 24.
Sun rises •• 6:27
Sun rets • • • 5:21
Moon rises 1:56 a. m.
a ITlmel |Time! ITime Time
J. j 1 Ft. | ( Ft. ( Ft. Ft.
? In wi !l w! |h w l w
24 1:34 0.71 S:3O 5.2 2:16 1.8 8:20 4~S
25 2:32 0:8| 9:07 0.5 3:u5 1.0 9:24 5.0
26 3:18 1.0: 9:45 5.7 3:M 0.5 10:23 5.2
27 4:02 1.2|10:20| 5.0 4:38 0.0 11:19 6.2
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; th»
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
; day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the Eoundlngs of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, . except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the height, and -then- the number
given Is subtracted from the depth, given by
the charts.' The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. NNt. t Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
Monday, October 23, 1905:
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
.SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. October 23.
Stmr Siberia, Smith, 21 days from Hongkong,
via Yokohama 10 days 10 hours 28 minutea.
Stmr Cascade. Jahnsen, 63 hours from As
toria.
Stmr M. F. Plant, Nelson, 46 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, 45 hours from Ban
don.
Stmr Fulton, Panzer. 30 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Phoenix, Hendrickson, 34 hours from
Crescent City.
1 Stmr Jamei 8. Hlggins, Hleains, 34 hours
from Port Los Angeles.
Stmr Umatllla, Nopander, 67 hours from Vic
toria and Puiet Sound worts.
Btmr - Nome City, Hangen, 38 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka. Jessert, 23 hours from Eureka
Ktmr Celia, Hansen, 16 hours from Albion.
Stmr Bonlta. Alberts, 62 hours from San
Pedro, etc.
Stmr South Bay, Anderson, 60 hours from
Astoria. . t
Stmr State of California, Thomas/ 41 hours
from San Dieso.
Schr Queen, Peterson, 12 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Alex T. Brown. McKay, 8 days from
Ballard.
Schr Newark, Johnson, 15 hours from Fish
Rock.
Sehr Rto Rey, Poh!. 13 hours from Bowens
Landing. - * \u25a0
CLEARED., :; ;•'!
Monday, October 23.
Br «tmr Agincourt, Worsnop, Kobe, via Port
land; Mitsui & Co.
Stmr Eureka, Gollghtly, Portland; Master.
Stmr Corona, Glelow. Eureka; P C S 8 Co.
Stmr Costa Rica, Kldston, Portland; S F &
P S 8 Co.
Br.shlp Burma.li, Jones, Victoria; G. W. llc-
Near.
Ship John A. Brlggs, Gammons, from New
York, via Seattle; George E. Plummer.
Fr bark General de Boisdeffre, Ball, Queens
town; Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
SAILED.
\.- ', Monday, October 23.
Br stmr Agincourt, Worsnop, Kobe, "via
Portland.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar, Fosen, Point Arena.
Stmr James S. Higgtns, Higgins, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Eureka, Golljchtly, Portland.
Stmr Wasp, Lehman, Portland.
Stmr Asuncion, Bridgett, Seattle.
Schr Newark, Johnson, Byxbees Landing
Schr Bessie K. Stark, San Vicente.
Sehr Ida A, Beck. . Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC. ;
POINT LOBOS, Oct. 23. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind W; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. «
TACOMA— Arrived Ocf 22-fStmr EHhu
Thomson, from Nome. , " . .
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 22-rSchr Prosper,
from South Bend. . ' \u25a0. . \u0084
Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Samoa and' Btmr Brook
lyn. for^San Francisco.
Sailed Oct 22^ — Stmr Marshfleld, for Hardy
Creek. Oct 23 — Schr Crescent, , for Portland ;
bktn Retriever, for Port Hadlock; schr Ameri
cana, for Everett. :
Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Centralia, hence Oct
21- stmr Sequoia, from Redondo.
BELLINGH AM— SaiIed Oct 22— Stmr Rain
ier, for San Francisco..
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Farallon.
from Ska:: way. -
Arrived Oct 22— U S stmr Burnslde, from
.AI39U& ' ' i ** " ~ - '
Arrived ; Oct 23— Bark Emily F. Whitney,
EUREKA— SaiIed Oct 23 — Stmr Pomona, for
Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Noyo, for Ban Francisco;
echr Chetco. for .
Sailed Oct 1 23— Stmr Pasadena, for Port Har-
f °PORT HARFORD— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr
Coos Bay, hence Oct 21, and sailed for San
Pedro. Oct 22, 10 p m— Tug Sea King, with
baree Santa Paula in tow. Whence Oct 21. -
Sailed Oct 23— Tug Sea King, for San Fran
cleco with barge Santa Paula In tow.
UNION LANDlNG— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr
Chlco. henco Oct 21. .-'• 't
Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Navarro, for San Pedro.
. SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Acme,
hence Oct 18. -.•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;'
ABTORIA — Arrived Oct 23 — Ger stmr Ara
ironia. hence Oct 20; itmr Daisy Mitchell, hence
Oct 20. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 " •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0• ' \u25a0 '• -- -
Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Despatch, for San Fran
° Sailed Oct 22 — Ger ship Ellbek, for U. K. :
echr Ethel Zane. for Saa Francisco. \u25a0•-..;\u25a0•
Arrived Oct 22— Stmr - Roanoke, from San
Francipep. \u25a0
Weather Report. \u25a0
(120 th Meridian — Pacific Time.) - :
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct: 22—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 54-38) New. York 50-43
Chicago 46-38 Philadelphia 64-40.
Lnncinnatl SH-32 Pittsburg 46-39
Honolulu. 11. T. .78-7O;St. I»uis ....54-44
Jacksonville 70-54|Wa?hington .". . . .56-3tj
New Orleans 66-521
6AN FRANCISCO .60-52
THE COAST RECORD. j '
— - — ___ _ _
o re 2. <» — 22 °
3 Sg 33 =2 8* " «
STATIONS. | Sf-Jl-.P-S ..-.|R.. |.
: . s a : - : . \u25a0 ?
Baker 30.12 T>.B 28 NW Clear .CO
Careon 30.10 64 24 N Clear .00
Eureka 30.16. 50 44 NW Clear • .00
Fresno 30.10 C 8 46 NW Clear .00
HE. Farrallon 54 ;00
Flagstaff 20. 8H 48 SO W Cloudy .12
Independence. .29. 02 70 46 W Clear .Oi
Los Angeles.. Bt>. oo 6S 50 SW Clear .0<)
Mt Tamalpais.3o.l4 57 .. NW Clear .00
North Head.. 30.02 50 48 SE Cloudy UlO
Phoenix 2».ftO 72 56 W•_ Clear .00
Pt. Reyes L-t..V>.10 01 61 NW. Clear .(X)
Pocatello 30.06 56 22 SW Clear .00
Portland 30.10 54-38 S Rain .04
Red Bluff 30.06 72 42 RE Clear .00
Roseburg SO.lrt 56 34 E Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..80.08 68 40 NE Clear .CO
Salt Lake 29.08 56 .. NW Clear .-. .00
San Franclsco.3o.l4 60 52 W , Clear • .00
San Jose 30.12 6fl» 42 NW dear .00
S. L. Obispo. .30.10 66 48 W dear .00
San Diego 30.C6 •64 B4 W ; CJear ;12
Seattle 30.04 M 36 PE Rain. ,-.0&
Spokane • 30.10 54 84 S • P*:ady :00
Tatoosh 29.02 50 42- W Rain' '.20
Walla Wa11a. .30. 08 60 M S Cloudy .00
Winnemucca-..30.12 64 16 NW Clear .00
Yuma ....'. ...29.94 76 M W -Clear --.00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Rain has fallen at Flagstaff and-Modena,
and also from Portland north. A southeast
wind of 40 miles is reported at North Head.
In California the weather fs generally clear.'
The temperature has fallen from 12 -to 14
degrees In Arizona, In California there has
been but little change.
FORECAST FOR OCTOBER 24:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
frest west winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Tuesday:
fresh southwest winds.
Sacramento Valley — Fair Tuesday; light
north wind. , *
'. San Joaquln Valley — Fair Tuesday; light
north winds; light frosts In the morning.
Coast — Fair Tuesday; light west winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster. \
SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed Oct 23— Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San Dleeo. .
Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Coos Bay, hence Oo»
21, and sailed for San Pedro.
SEMIAHMOO— SaiIed Oct 21-^Stmr' Orego
nlan, for San Francisco. !
BANDON— Sailed Oct 22— Schr Bender Bros,
for San Francisco. Oct 23— Schr Alpha, for
: San Francisco. . ..-
Arrived Oct 23— Schr Ruby, henco Oct 16. '
JUNEAU— SaiIed Oct 20— Stmr Cottag*
City, for Seattle.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 21— Stmi
Aberdeen, from Astoria. Oct 22 — Stmr Olyrm
pic. hence Oct 19. .
Sailed Oct 21— Schr Ariel, for Sari Pedro;
bktn Wrestler, for San Francisco. .
TATOOSH— Passed in Oct 23 — Br utmr H
ford. from Mororan, for Port Townpend.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived Oct 10— Schr
Mary Sachp. from Moller Bay to winter.
FARALLON ISLANDS— Passed Oct 23. 9:45
a. m — Stnir Signal, from Coos Bay, for San
Pedro.
OLYMPlA— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr laqua,
hence Oct 17.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Atlas
with barEe 03 in tow, hence from Redondo
and sailed 4pm for Port Harford.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed ,Oct 23— Schr
Annie E. Smale. for Santa Rosn.l la. Passed
. in — Bark Roderick Dhu, hence Oct 17, for Ta
coma. •
ISLAND PORTS.
MAHUKONA— Arrived Oct 18— Schr H C
Wright, hence Oct 3. . '
: MAKAWELI— Arrived Oct 21— Bark W. a
Flint, hence Oct 8. - , .
HONOLUt^U— Arrived Oct 23— Bktn New»
boy, from Grays Harbor.'
. Sailed Oct 22— Bark Sea King, for New
castle: schr Helene, for San Francisco; Ur
strnr Loscan, for San Francisco.
CAVITE — Arrived Sept 26-^-Br stmr Needles
from Philadelphia.. • \u25a0 ..1
EASTER^ PORTS. ,
DELAWARE BRE A X WATER— Passed m
Oct 22— Ship William P. Frye, from Honolulu
for Philadalrhia. \u0084 .• r*
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Alii,
anea. from Colon.
SANDY HOOK— Reported by wirelesn Ccl
22— Stmr Alllanca, from Colon, for New York!
220 milea south.
FOREIGN PORTS. '
GUATEMALA— Arrived Oct 3— Ger Ptmr Am.
men, hence Aug 26, for Hamburg.
Sailed Oct 3^-Ger stmr Ammon, for Haia;
burtr. and not as. before reported. .
SINGAPORE— Arrived Oct 10— Br srt»«
Crown of CaßtHe, from New York, for Mli
nila. ' . .*
Sailed Oct 10 — Ger stmr Albenga. for Nat.
York. " :...,"
GIBRALTAR— Passed Oct 20— Br stmr Yed,
do. from Yokohama, for New York. .
HAMBURG— In port Oct 10— Br bark Dunn
britton, for Honolulu. •
KINGSTON— SaiIed Oct 21— Br »tmr Tagus.
for New -.York. - ' \u25a0 • • .
LONDON— Sailed Oct 21— Ger Btmr Sals, for
San Francisco.
-•: HONGKONG — Arrived Oct 23— Br stmr
Doric, hence Sept 20. ':•\u25a0\u25a0'••
SHANGHAI— SaiI*d Oct 21— Br stmr Crosby
Hall, for Puset Sound. * \u2666
VICTORIA— Arrived , Oct 23 — Br stmrll
ford . from \u25a0 Mororan, and . sailed • for ; ... \u25a0
OCEAN STEAMERS. :...
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Minne
apolis, from London.
. Memoranda. ',
LONDON, Oct. 23.— 8r bark Knmailie,j from
Shields, for . Tacoma, put into Montevideo with
sundry losses and damages sustained in heavy
W Rlo de Janeiro telegraphs that Br Btmr Mas-"
sapequa, from -Valparaiso, for New York, put
in here with machinery disabled. --. •
Per ,. Btmr > Siberia— Arrived at San \u25a0 Francisco
this • morning after / a ' record : breaking •. run
fom Yokohama of j 10 days 10 - hours and 28
minute*. Heavy westerly and northeasterly
gales for three days after leaving Yokohama
retarded the speed of the liner and prevented
her from bettering the record by many hours.
WANTS A HIGH
SALOON LICENSE
Association Appeals to the
Voters to Support Propo
sition to Increase Tax
PRESENTS SO3IE DATA
Offers Comparisons as Be
tween San Francisco and
Other Cities of Country
The High License Association , has is
sued a statement to the public, signed by
Charles A. Murdock. president, and Leon'
C. Osteyee, in .which an appeal is made
to the voters to support the proposition
of a license of ,$125 a quarter on retail
liquor dealers, which will be submitted at
the municipal election November 7. The
appeal recites: !
The present annual retail liquor Hc«nse in
San Francisco is §84. Of the fourtesn- oth?r
largest cities in the United States the next
lowest is Milwaukee— s2oo. The highest is
Boston— s2ooo. The j average is $705. Oui
license therefore. Is leaa than one-eighth of
the am&unt that general experience has shown
to be Just and collectable. - - .
Under this ridiculous license saloons nourish
in a way. unknown elsewhere. On the basi»
of the , census of 10CO for every 10,000 in
habitants we support ninety-two saloons. New
Orleans is the driest, having. only eisht. The
average outside of San Francisco is thirty
one, so that we can boast of almost thre»
times the number that elsewhere, on the aver
age, ban been found - necessary or de3irable.
There is an acknowledged relation between
the output \u25a0or the saloons and the intake oi
the police courts. About 00 per cent of th«
cost o* the police department Is attributable
to too- much liquor. Other communities cc«
to.lt that the interest that causes the ex
pense pays a fair proporlon of Us coat. San
Francisco collects from retail liquor license*
21) aer cent of the cost of its police depart
ment. Buffalo (with its $750 license) collect*
170 per cent. The average in the fourteen i
-cities Is .80 per cent. So that San Francisco
gets, back a little more than a third as much,
proportionally, as the great : Eastern cities.
That this remarkable record may not be
attributed to our peculiar- Pacific Coast con
ditions we- have- only to study our sister
cities on the coast. Portland, with a $500
license, collects ICS per cent of the cost of
her police department. The average of th»
five principal coast cities is 145 per cent.
So that San Francisco collects just one-fifth
as much, proportionally, as her neighbors.
Is this a showing to be proud ' of? The
lowest license in the • land (one-eighth • the
average)! The largest number of saloons per
capita (three times the average)! The smallest
proportion of meeting police department es- !
peniwg (one-third of Eastern cities, one-fifth
of Pacific Coast cities)'. Those who are proud
of this ohowlng can manifest It by pushing
the button that gays "Against the ordinance*
at the next election.
The city now Imposing a $500 license which
Is nearest In our class as to population and
expenditure is St. Louis. If the results
reached there should be realized here w«
would, while reducing the number of the poor
est saloons, increase our revenue from tne
license about $:550,p00 a year. This would
either materially reduce the property tax oi
enable the olty to erect fine public butldlngi
and eventually to become the moat beautiful
'city on "the continent.
The association presents data collected
from Eastern and Pacific Coast cities
touc^ilnff 'retail liquor licenses, showing
that in the East the annual license runs
as high as J2OOO in Boston, $1100 each in
Pittsburg and Philadelphia, $950 average
in New York, $300 in Washington, the
lowest of fourteen cities quoted being
Milwaukee, where the tax Is $200.- The
Eastern average of licenses is $704 a year,
the. average number of . saloons .to each
10,000 inhabitants, being thirty-one, and
the average percentage -of -Police Depart
ment expenses paid by liquor license Is
80 per cent. The number of. saloons in
San Francisco is ninety-two to each 10.000
•inhabitants, and .the $84 annual • license
pays 29 per centof the Police Department
expenses. The . annual licenses- paid in
five. coast cities outside of San Francisco
are: Oakland $400. Portland $500, Tacoma
$600, Los Angeles $900, Seattle $1000, the
coast average being $680, with an average
ratio of thirty saloons to each 10,000 pop
ulation, with 45 per cent more than the
Police "Department expenses met by
liquor licenses.
The association notes that the proposi
tion can be carried by a vote. of 14,000;
that it will . appear on the upper left
hand corner of the voting machine, and
can be voted after a straight ticket has
been registered.
Rapid AVrlters
Take kindly to the Waterman. Conklin and
Marshall Fountain Pens. • These pens aru
recognized as the best now on the market ana
embody all the elements that make a fountain
pen desirable. Prices. $1. $2 50 and up. Cat
alogue. Sanborn, . Vail & C 0... "41 Market st. •
FISK 'SEEKS TO MAKE f
ALL MEN GOOD -CITIZENS
He Tells of Endeavor of People's Place
to Shed Jor and Com
, fort.
Henry A. Fisk, superintendent of the
People's Place, 712 Greenwich street,
addressed the Methodist ministers yes
terday at Central Methodist Episcopal
Clrurch on the institution which he rep
resents. ' . . . \u0084
He said the People's Place is; not a
church, nor a mission, nor home,* nor
school, nor club, . nor social experiment
station, arid was not merely a social
settlement. .
" The People's Place, he said, is a so
cial center where the Importance of the
religious and spiritual \ element in the
development of character Is empha
sized. ' "
The principles upon which the work
is conducted, he explained, are forma
tion and not reformation, the teaching:
of self-reliance and self-support.
He. made it clear that it was not
charity work, and that they sought to
reach the child and the home,. to make
good men and . good: citizens out of
those whose environment tends other
wise. '
Mr. Flak; ; said that the methods
adopted are neighborly association with
the people in their homes and in the
social -center, Kindly offers in sickness
and distress and the provision in the
People's "Place of. attractive means of
self-Improvement.' . ;
He reminded the meeting 1 that free
medical advice Is regularly given and
that medicines are supplied at a nomi
nal price. The officers are Edward
F. Adams, president; Charles R. Bishop,
.vice-president, and James T.Musgrove,
secretary-treasurer. .
Among those-from out of town who
were present were the Rev. F. A. Keast
of Santa Clara and the Rev. John Ste
phens of Stockton. :
Speaking, of the Christian Endeavor
Society before the Congregational Min
insters' meeting yesterday the Rev. H.
A. : Luckenbach , said a critic had re
marked that the organization "had been
going to seed for the. last ten years."
Luckenbach, in reply, said that t all
must remember that only things that
God produces can ; go ' to seed. It is the
natural fruit and flower, not the ar- j
tlflcial rose or the -wax fruit, that go
to seed. -
Christian Endeavor had gone to seed
in their churches, and a harvest, in!
some cases thirty, in . some sixty and
in some a hundred, fold has been gath
ered..^ . - ---. ...
The more than a million church
members who had come into the church
membership during the past ten years,
he declared, bear witness to the fact.
Ten years ago. said Mr. Luckenbach,
the .United Society of Christian Endea
vor was the only national orgunixation.'
Now.. it has multiplied into united ~ so
cieties in "Canada, '«Mexico, the United
Kingdom, Australia, South Africa, In
:: \u25a0 - \u25a0 . --\u25a0 . - \u25a0'\u25a0": v
WORKS BOARD
MUST NOW ACT
Supervisors Kef use to .Sub
stitute Bitumen for As
phalt on Van Ness Avenue
ORDER GRADES CHANGED
Streets Are to Be leveled
Along the Route of the
New Ocean Shore Railroad
The Board of Supervisors formally de>
cllned yesterday to comply with the re-
quest of the Board of Public Works that
bitumen . be substituted for asphalt in
the ordinance ordering the repairing: of
Van- Ness avenue between Fulton and
McAllister streets and Eddy aid O'Far
rell streets. The •Supervisors adopted *a
resolution requesting: the Board of Works
to enter Into a public contract, for the
: paving of the four blocks described with
asphalt on a concrete foundation. It la
understood that Commissioners Aigeltin
ger and Eagan will comply with the order
of the Supervisors and abandon the.at
tempt to compel the use of bitumen on
the blocks- In conformity with the rest
of the avenue. ;.':'.
Other business transacted by the Su
pervisors was as follows: . ,
' W. P. Fuller was granted a t>ermlt to lay a
spur track on Front and Commerce- streets to
connect with the belt road. •\u25a0".••/* I
Grades were ordered changed and established
on C street. Forty-first. Fbrty-second, Forty
third, Sixteenth and Twentieth avenues, Mis
souri, Bourbon. Norman, Mazzlnl. Orleans.
Vermont. Luck, JLoomia, Dlckerson. Paul, Wel
don, Salem, Mohawk streets, Barnevald, San
Bruno, Ocean, Huron, Ottawa, Foate, N'aglee,
Worden, Focty-elghth and Fortly-seventh ave
nues, Q, R and S streets, along the right of
way of the Ocean Shore Railway Company;
also on Guard, Berlin. Goettingen, Somerset,
Holyoke, Hamilton, Felton, Burrows, Way
land.'and Woolsey streets and Silver avenue;
The board granted a permit to Dyer Brow. t<»
lay a spur track on Sixteenth and - Rhod4
Inland streets to connect with tho .Santa Fe
Railroad.
Tho Board of Works was allowed $400 to
build a box sewer In Townsend street, from
Japan street to the bay: $1000 to Install new
boilers in tho City Hall, and SI7SO to defray
the engineering expenses In, connection with
the construction of the Upp«r Sunset storm
sewer.
The clerk of the board was directed to- In
vestigate the claim of McHugh Sc .Sheerin
for $299 30 for macadamizing San Bruno road.
The sum of (75 wa* allowed the- Department
of Electricity to Improve the lighting servlc*
in tho Emergency Hospital.
The Visitaclon Valley Improvement Club pe
titioned that ?1500 be allowed to Improve San
\u25a0Bruno avenue, from Dwight street to Railroad
avetue. The United Railroads baa agreed to
give a better street-car servlca in \u25a0 the locality
if the improvement is ordered. The>-; petition
was referred to i the Finance Committee. .. ,
The , Board of Works was allowed $2500 to
repair bituminous pavements In districts not
already covered by contracts to keep them ".n
repair. , - \u25a0 \u25a0 - - . c '
The petition of property owners that the
name of Chapultepec street be changed tt>
Mirabel avenue was referred to the Street
Committee.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Luella May from Merl E.
Palmer for willful neglect,- Llllie from
William S. Cook for desertion and Jen
nie* from Christopher Williams for ex
treme cruelty. Suits for divorce were
filed by Mary G. against John P. En
right for failure , to provide. Pearl O.
against E. Mordant for failure to pro
vide, and Grace against Louis Alborelli
for desertion. Mary has sued Philip H.
Robb to annul their marriage,' alleg
ing that at the time the ceremony was
performed Robb had another wife.
But a Few Days Remain to Send for
Your Eastern Friends. \u25a0
The low rate colonist tickets for passage
from Eastern points to California will be sod
only up to and including October SI. Deposit
the cost of the ticket with any Southern Pa
cific agent and the ticket will be furnlahed ».h»
passenger in the East. $50 from New Tork.
$33 from Chicago, $25 from Omaha. Similar
low rates from other points. Particulars ot
Southern Pacific agent. •
dla, China, Japan, Switzerland, Ja
maica, Germany, Finland, Bulgaria,
Brazil, New Zealand, France, Italy and
, Spain.
Practically there were Christian En
deavor societies in every country on
the Klobe.
Among, the visiting clergymen was
the Rev. Mr. Kozeki, president of the
University of Doshisha, Japan. Mr.
Kozeki will speak at the Young Men's
Christian Association ! building next
Mprrday morning: His subject will be
"Japanese in America."
Edmond J.Clinton, a prominent busi
ness man of San -Francisco, has decided
to relinquish his position and take up
independent missionary work in the
South Chlhll mission. North . China.
Mrs. Clinton has also determined .to
join her husband in the missionary field
and will, with their family, sail .on the
Mongolia November 15.
was the first maker
of sticks of spap> v for j
shaving. Sticks in 3
sizes; shaving cakes
in 3 sizes. . ;
Pears' Soap established over »• years. \u25a0 - ;
THE
Los Angeles Times
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICE
is now in "; ':.-.[ \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0_
Room 41, Chronicle Bldg.
Teleflhone Main 1472.
Arthur L. Fish, Representative
The Times Is the advertising"
- medium of the Southwest
URICSQL
A ' Modern I Remedy for Raenmatlsm
and all Uric Acid Troablea. Contains
no Alcohol— Opiates— or other Seda-
tives. "- ' \u25a0 '. \u25a0 '' ' '" • -.-^ \u25a0\u25a0- . .»: • .
CnreM by removing Uric Acid from
the System. *'•- < - -
Six: bottles for. $5.00 are guaranteed
to cure or money refunded. Get Free
Booklet at
NO PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.,
tM9 Market ' St., S. F.. •
or. write to
- UIUCSOI' CHEMICAL CO., " '
Los Angeles, Calif. •
ASTHMA
of twenty years' standing, m
a woman sixty-four years old,
cured in one. month by
Electro-Ghemistry
r .-.-:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 .•"\u25a0' : : ::\u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0; :\u25a0\u25a0-"\u25a0\u25a0.-"\u25a0 I *^*" '.."\u25a0 fc '-' '-"\u25a0' * '\u25a0"\u25a0'•*.
••' \u25a0 \u25a0s£»K*E5 v^:-~^:;: A. '-\u0084- .y>
t \u25a0 " : ' : :;'' ''\u25a0\u25a0 '''\u25a0 '^' : : ' - \u25a0 \u25a0. :> :. v --- : ;: : -\u25a0" AJ|W \u25a0 : - r :
' WK - PROVE: IT.— The testimonial*
pnbUsbed by the Eleetro-Chemlc Insti-
tute are from. home people. These eurea .
patients live rlsbt here In San Fran-
elsco. Interested people can so and
see them..
MRS. MacKINNON says: "I am slxty-foutf
years old. For at least twenty years I hay«
suffered frtm Catarrh and Asthma- The money
I have spent during: th« past twenty years foe
doctors and medicines would amount to -\
small* fortune, and all of It did me little or no
g-ood. Now to think that In one month's t!tii»
at a trifling expense I hay» been cured by tho
Electro-Chemlc treatment seema too Rood to
be true: but I have been, and I sladly add
my testimony.
(Signed) MRS. MART MscKIXNON.
2111 Essex *t.. Berkeley*
SPECIALTIES:
Catarrh. Consumption. Aathma. Itrnn-
chltl*. Deafness. Ear Xol«M. Rheuma-
tism. Paralrals. Ueomotor Ataxla.
Xervousnesa. Insomnia: Stomach. Liver.
Kidney and Bowel Diseases. Special
Diseases of Women. Special Disease* _
electro-chemlc institute
. 3d Floor. Kmmsi Spreckels Bnildlnir.
927 .MARKET ST, SA.X FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B a. m. to sp. m. and 7 to 3
p. m. dally; Sundays, 9 a. tn. to 12 m* Sepa-
rate and private \u25a0 apartments for men and
\u25a0women. • *,v, v
COXSUI.TATION* and T< ' rV."rT!TTI
EXAMIXATIO.V .... ~ "^^ ' -*
j<^fc^<^-«»^a^-*^^-%^
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
Shuseum of anatomy
\ r% is3i Bisxn st. t«t. tti*;:ii..vr.c»L
¥ nr TS * !••<*«•* -***<«ait«al Vuiin la *h«
A . TLtv W»r,s. -Wttiawra M •»? »»atr»«i«d
r <C»^3» dl»i»i« p»»UI-»«lyemr»*b»ta« •I4e«
* flSrf? I CS. JORDAN-DISEASES 0* MEN
X tfi^LiS- Ca««lt«rf« If 9 and itTictt» prtT»t»
6 I ttW« Tr»»tm»»t p.n.3»!lr «r »r '«•«• A
A? i Iff Writ* fcr Book. P1III.O»«P«Y sC
f'» II ninniific, UMLSO r&ss. (A
7 DB.JOB9AN* CO^V»lHarlt«tSt..ar.
[ ftiO gQ V| CURE SICK HEADACHE.
UAH; Hud • . ..* r i, :< ''
Kittle Genuine Must Bear
af I VER Fac-Simile Signature
\u25a0 PILLS. y* -*~^- -r-W-^
IsM 1/^to?^^
.
Steamer* leav» Pler» . 3
>^\vs=-SJ>v and 11. San Francisco:
My For Ketchikan. Wrannel,
ißn^Aff \u25a0-.!> Y*\ Juneau, Treadwell. Halne«.
I I vSL^vi. I I Ska«way. etc.. Alaska— ll
V«)\. \\ *W/ 27, Nov. 1. Change to thla
YXOl^yii/ company*« steamers at Se-
XJfis«*R^/^ attle.
• • For Victoria. Vancmmr.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
cortes South Belllngham. Belllngham — II a.
m.. Oct. 2. 7, 12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Chans« at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.. at Seattle- or Tacoma to 31. 'P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Poaona, 1:30
p m Oct. 2. 8. 14. 20. 28. Nov. J. Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Oct. 5. 11. 17. 23. 20. Nov. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles aaa
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Aneelea (via San Pedro and Eaafl
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (3aa
Luis ObUoo). Ventura and Hueneme — , .
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Oct. 5. 13. 2J. 29. Nov. 4.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Oct. 1. 9. 17. 25. Nov. 2.
For Ensenada. - Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa* Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. to.. 7th of »ach»
month. ' - ~ *\u25a0\u25a0'" '*"
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 190«— Th»
palatial AlaJka excursion steamship SPOKANE!
will leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Juns
7 21 July 0. 19, August 2.
'For further Information obtain folder. Right
la reserved to chan** steamers or salting dates.
TICKET OFFICES — I New Montgomery st.
(Palac« Hotel). 10 Market «t.. and Broadway
wharves. FreUht Office— lo Market st.
C V. DCNANN. General Passenger Agsnt.
10 Market St.. San Franclnco.
AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg— Southampton. -
ATI4ANTIC TRANSPORT LI. YE.
' »v» York— London Direct.'
HOLli-\\D-A)IERICA LINE.
NEW TORK— ROTTERDAM. flaj^qjiOGlTS
RED STAR LINE;^ . .
Antwerp— DoTer— London— Paris.
WHITE STAR LINE.
Xevr York— Qneeastown— Liverpool.*
Boston — (}urfn«tnnn — Liverpool.
To the Mediterranean.
\u25a0 FROM NEW TORK.
REPtTBLICOct. 19, Noon; Nov. 30iJan.28.Mar.*
CRETIC Not. 4. Dec. t
CELTIC (20.904 tons) Jan. 6. Feb. IT
FROM BOSTON. .
ROMANIC i,.:... 0ct. 28. D«c. 2. F»b. »
CANOPIC ...j.'.Not., 18, Jan. 13. Feb. 2»^
C. D TATLOR, Passenger. Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post 'St.. \u25a0 Francisco; ••
TOYQ KISEN KAISHA
'ORIENTAL S. S. CO.».
Steamers will leave wharf, comer First ajui
Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for Tokohama and
Hongkong, railing at Honolulu. KoN" (Hlogo).
Narasakl and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, «tc. Nu
v a cargo received oiv board on day of sailing.
S S "AMERICA MARU" FRIDAT. Oct. 27.
'Round-trip tlck«ts at reduced rates. :
For freight and passago apply at company's
office, seventh floor. Merchants' Exchange. •,:
. s . •W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
a S VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa.' Auck-
land and Sydney Thursday. Nov. 2. 2 p. ra.
S S? MARIPOSA' for TahiU. Not, 23. ir a-m.
J.D.SPIECKELS 4 BSQ3.CM2O. Tlcbt C3li3 543 2Cil-
let ' rrclgHt OSes 327 Marfct SL. Ptzr 7. Pacias M
Campngnle Cenerale Transatlantlqve.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRB— Part*,
° Sailing every THursdaylastead of j^jgfe
Saturday. 10 a. m.. tram Pier 12,
North River, foot of Morton at.
First-class to Havre. $70 and -upward. Sec-
ond cUm to Havre. »« and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldmg).
N«w Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa-t
Arents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND INTER tTinAN ROUTES. "
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD,
VALLEJO ana NAPA
[Mapa \/«lle>y Route*
Monticcllo 8. S. Co. and Napa Valley Eleo-
trlc R- H- Co. Close connections.
6— ROUND TRIPS DAILY — 8
i Boata leave San Francisco 7:00. •9:13 a. m..
12-30 noon. 3:15. «:00. 8:30 p. tn.
San Francisco landing and office. Pier 2,
foot of Mission . at., one block south Mark«t-*u
Ferry- Meals ala carte. Phona Mala 150*.
i 'Lands Navy Tard direct. Tvt v .
1112
THE HIGHWAY TO ECONOMY ISJTHii
JOHN D. SFRECRELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN McXACGHT Manager
\V. «T. MARTIN' Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
£
_sr_r_-W^£svi"
Tirms by Mall. Including Postage (Casn v»iu»
Order) : <« nn
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday) 1 year- -*|~
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). « mos... 4A~
DAILY CALL— By Single Month
EUNPAT CALL. 1 Year J
POSTAGE. 1 $£££ : LOO Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS" ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTION a.
fcaniple Copies will be forwarded when re-
Mail subscribers \n ordering <**?*« °£.£^
dress fhould be particular to give both >EW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to lneure _a
prompt and correct compliance with their re~
cuest
OAEUUVD OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
ALA-lEDA OFFICE:
J43S Park Street. Near Santa Clara Avenue.
Phone Al— meda 559.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
21 4S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
ML E. CRAKE 1406 G Street N. W.
>:EW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria KoteHs A. Brentano. SI
t'nicn SQu_re; Murray Hill Hotel: Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House,
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhercr.an House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
' HoteJ; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Manjuette Building
<Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bullfil-g
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market end Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every r.ight in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m .
SOB Montgomery aye.: open until 9 p. m.
SCO Hayes ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
f39 McAllister etreet; open until 9:SO p. m.
»1S Larkin etrett; open until 9:30 p. m.
Is**l Mission street; open until 10 p. tn.
3(hS Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Ivortheast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until a p. m.
220<> Fillmore street: open until 9 p. in.
4314 J street, near Ocean Boulevard; open
until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. -
GOLDEN GATE Lodse No. 30. F. and _
A. M.— Third degree THIS (TUES-VY
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /\r\
Master Masons cordially invited. By
order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. _.
M... Masonic Temple. — Third derree V^f
i-HIS tTUESDAY) EVENING, at 7 /V>
o'clock. Craftsmen corcially invited.
R. C. JEWELL, W. M.
A. 6. HUBBARD. Sec.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 360. F. _
and A. M.— Third degree THIS tJv
(TUESDAY) EVENING. at 7:30
o'clock, by the officers of California
Lodge No. 1. Visiting brethren cordially
invrted. By order of the W. M-
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. 131. I. O. O.
F.. Sixteenth and Valencia tit. -\u25a0 s tfi l '£SJ7'sr.
Third degre* THIS <TUES-^gsfflg§P
DAY) EVENING. All visiting
brothers are cordially invited to attend.
A. P. BUTTON. N. G.
C. G. ABBEY, Secretary.
GOLDEN" GATE Lodge No. 204, .^iaar**,
! O. O F. — Third Degree TH;S:S^K%
(TUESDAY) EVENING. Oct. -*\u25a0
Visiting brethren invite-i. <ntfj& ! *'
O. G. FREYERMUTH. N. G.
MYRTLE Lodge No. 16, K. of P.. "^S.
rivets EVERY TUESDAY EVEN-
ING at Ki-f-ling building, 32 Eddy gpsA
tt., fifth floor. Visiting brothers In- _C-2*C
rttefl. C. S. HOFFMAN. K. of R. and S.
IVANHOE I>.dKe No. 5. K. of P.. will
i-onfer the knight rank uong form),
an WEDNESDAY EVENING. Octo- 7Q87
ber 2T>, 3 &<"\u25a0.">. at 220 Golden Gate • _fe?§S£
ay*., at £:3<> o'clork. Members of = = - —^^
f-ister lodges cordially invited.
L. A. HAECKL, C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
eers from Landecker Gold Mining Company
in Landecker mine, near Placerville. El-
corado County, Cal.. draining into Webb»r
Cretk. which <Jrain B Into south fork Ameri-
can River: from Henry N. Lake end E. H.
Mills, in Bear Flat mine, 'near Kelsey, El-
d-'rado County. Cal.. draining into Bear Flat
Canyon, which drains into Rock Creek, gives
notice that a meeting to receive any pro-
testa will be held at room 6S. Flood building.
Baa Francisco, Cal. November 6. ll«05, at
1 :30 p. m. |
ATTOnXEYS-AT-LAW.
DIVORCE; costs fl2; quick, quiet; advice
free: no fee in advance; no charge unless
successful; open evenings; wills, deeds,
leases, bills of 6ale and articles of" copart-
nership carefully prepared : corporations or-
r<tn!aed:,. bankruptcy; collections; probating
of estatc-e; general office and court practice
in State and United States courts. 927 Mar-
ket, r. 301. Office hours, S a. m. to 10 p. m.
A DIVORCE— QUICK and QUIET.
NO PAY until granted.
See me and save money. Advice Free.
Established 22 y«ars. Detectives employed.
I LEAD — Others Follow.
G. W. HOWE.
1122 Market St.. bet. Mason end Taylor.
ATA'ICK free, all leira.l matters.
No charce unless successful.
No advnnce fees.
All law business. Established 20 years.
Kxarr.iner building, room 31fi. third floor.
R. W. KINO, Attorney-at-Larr. Exam, bldg.,
6th floor, entrance room Cll ; established 20
years: all courts, general courts and office
practice; no fee in advajice or for consulta-
tion: ever-inps by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AI'VICE free: !<eg*l divorce costs $12: all law
cases he tidied: no fee in advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evening* by appoint-
irer-.t; call ar.d save money. Sl9 Mkt, r. 33.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market, room 302. consulta-
tion free; no fee in advance. Open evenings.
COMPLETE divorce for $20 by able young at-
torney. For Interview ad. lock box 422, city.
AG ENTS_W AXTED^
WANTED — Solicitors, insurance life or flre.
G. F. EULI3R, 28 First St., 2dfloor.
CURE.
A. DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures; for sale
by rII Cruggiste: main depot 1602 Market
Ft., at. Nicholas Hotel; 10c. 25c. 60c postage.
DOOICKEEPI.\G.
LET us keep your books; nothing too large.
:k thing too u^pall; we m_ke a specialty of
ke*p!ng small sets of books.
TllE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO..
Tel. Montgomery 1211. 930 Market st
HOARDING FOR^CIIILDIIEN.
CARE and beard for 10 months' old healthy
t»oy; SfiO month. P. O. box IS2, San Hateo.
CaL
PERFECT care will Ije. plven to a few infants;
?15 a month. MRS. UHODA KARSTADT.
.rp*ol. r p*01 Mac Call st.. Oakland. ~ -5 ....
AN Jnfar.t will be given perfect care; JUS a
niocth. Box 'S7M. Call.
CHIROPODISTS.
DR EINFELDT, 1104 Market et. room 15. re-
moves corns, bunions, by electricity; no pain.
CTOE POtt 11UPTUBE.
I>K. PIERCES Magnetic Elastic Truss; per-
fect retainer; positive cure: bock free. Re-
iruv^d to 20<5 Kearny ft., room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
£VAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Vc&tgomerjr it, rooms 9-10. Tel. Slain S&SO.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s3so- OYSTER and chop house; on water
front; rent $25; good place: established years.
See R. Q. WILKE. 2tfl» Kearny st.
A—s6oooA — $6000- HAMMAN bath, the most popular
and most central located In S. F.; large pat-
ronage of best class customers; clears above
$300 a month; lease. See B, G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— s9oo; OYSTER and chop house; the very
best location in this city; a flrst-class paying
business; owner compelled to sell, account of
sickness. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4soo:A — $4500: CORNER barroom; close to Chronicle
building; place established many years; lately
renovated; elegant fixtures; large stock ; sick-
ness of owner only- cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st -.
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; SALOON on water front; lease; 14
furnished rooms; a good paying business; no
better location; disagreement of partners
caure of sale. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A SPLENDIDLY located Baloon; close to Mills
building; mercantile lunch; net rent $6(»;
lease; a fine chance; Investigate, you will
buy. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $1000; SALOON on Fourth st.. close to
Market; an excellent location; good business;
ir.u!-t sell at once; other business calls him to
the country. R. G. WUJCE, 26% Kearny 6t.
FRUIT store; choicest k>cation; owner is en-
gaged in other business; a chance for a good
business, cheap. Particulars. R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st. ,
OLD established bakery In Western Addition;
large store trade; bake 6 barrels a day;
owner engaged in other business only cause
of sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
WANTED — To-<!ay, partner, lady or gentle-
man; no experience or services required;
must have $1000 to invest at once ; call In
person for particulars at my residence, . 719 :
Fourteenth 6t, Oakland, Cal.; at home 5 to
9p. m.- will give full lnrormatlon. JOSEPH
A. WHITE.
FINE cottage of 5 rooms and bath: modern;
electric lights; fine basement; lot 60x140; ton
lawn, shrubs and flowers; 8 vacant lots im-
proved, worth $2400; will exchange for salcon
or grocery and bar. Box 3777. Call.
WOULD like t</ entertain an offer for my
creamer}' and delicacy store, located In
Berkeley: this is a rare chance for eom<*
one wishing to go Into business. Address box
6163. Call office, Oakland.
$300 — PARTNER wanted in light buslr.e.'a,
suited to plain steady man satisfied with $13
to $35 a week; trial given; no experience re-
quired: 6hort hours. 759 Market St.. room S.
WILLOW basket and rattan factory for sale
on account of death; good paying business;
at San Jose; plenty orders on hand. Inyuire
at 3065 Twenty-third St.. near Folsom, S. F.
FIRST-CLASS vaudeville house for sale or tc
rent; now open and paving well. Box 1309,
Call office.
WANTED — To Invest $500 with services; musi
stand trial. Box 3016. Call.
JOB printing offlce; easy terms. 520 Mont-
gomery st.. room 1.
WANTED — Investor to take out patents on
several Important inventions. Box 1015. Call.
FOR SALE.
THE finest up-to-date wholesale and retail
i harness, saddlerj-. shoe lindinss and leather
business on the coast for sale; can make all
the money you want. Correspond with JOHN .
T. STOLL. Sacramento. Cal.
A MAN of ability and experience in handling a
sawmill to invest $10,000 in a company or-
ganizing to take over coast sawmill about 1
year old; absolutely safe and 6 per cent. guar-
anteed; good salary to right man. Address
box 4656. Call office.
WILL .sacrifice at invoice, about $950, old es-
tablished paying business, stationery, notions,
news b. bakery, candy, etc.; large grounds;
cheap rent; near city. F. ZIMMERLI. Wal-
nut Cretk. Cal.
CANDY factory, icecream business; well pay-
ing: $275: worth twice that; Investigate.
2873 Sixteenth- st.
$650 — FIRST-CLASS hotel and bar, furnished
rooms; clears $250 to $300 per month; 3-year
lease; $2o per month rent. Box 1631, Call.
DRUG store for Eale; 17 miles from Eureka, on
railroad; only drug store; full prices; price
$1500 cash. A. EVANS. Loleta. Humboldt Co.
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. ADDIy
at Call business office for tiartlculars.
$250 — A PARTY to join me in a ealoon. lunch
and rooming-house: big profit. 310 Folsom st.
NEWS stand, cheap; second-hand books, etc.
Call at news etand, 77 Fourth St.
FINE delicacy and bakery for sale; north of
Market st. Box 3909. CalL _^
A FIRST-CLASS millinery business in a good
live town. Box 1207. Call.
FOR sale — Party going away; delicatessen
store. 2957 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED — Good carpenter as partner in good
paying Job shop. 3373 Eighteenth st.
FOR eale^ — A fine delicacy store: very reason-
able; no a«nts. Box 3852, Call offlce.
ELECTRIC laundry, est. 8 yre., for sale, In-
cluding prop. ; doing good bus. Box 3526, Call.
GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
offlce.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st., opposite
Fifth Open until 11 p. m.
BICYCLES.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. 1826 Polk st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquartere for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Sacrifice; new, modern downtown house; flrut-
clat-s location; 70 extra well furnished -rooms;
large country transient trade; clearing $300 per
month; only with us.
Good lnvectment: this 24-room. new, modern
little apartment-house; elegantly furnished and
equipped; everything first class; fine location;
cheap rent; on account of sickness In family at
bargain.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
SCHWEINHARD & CO..
Real Estate and Hoomlng-House Brokers.
1008% Market et.. opp. sth; phone Jessie 3041.
Buyers: We have houses to suit you; hon-
est values guaranteed or no sale.
FISHER & C 0... Phone Main 3354
Room 438, James Flood buildinj.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale. 21 rooms, for
$750; clearing $72 per month. Call at 153Js
Webster gt.. Alamcda.
BARGAIN — Furnished house. 7 rooms, bath;
sunny yard; no agents; $300; cheap rent.
Box 3919. Call office.
$225 — 9 ROOMS; fine location: all full; clears
$33 net; bargain. Inquire 238 Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUfiE for Eale; everything In good
condition. 1128 Howard Bt.
IS-ROOM house, nicely furnished; best busi-
ness Btreetincity^^BoxSO^^^CaJlofflce^^
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ttoominc-HouNm and Hotels for Sale.
i.i. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0'\u25a0' \u25a0'\u25a0 *\u25a0*\u25a0" •*"- — \u25a0"\u25a0"\u25a0" ' " 11 " 1 \u25a0'-\u25a0-'-
MARION GRIFFIN.
970 Market st, room 801. eirhth floor.
Rooming-House Broker. Phone Main 3343.
40 rooms; downtown, north o' Market: rent
$3 per room; first payment $1250.
CO rooms: central, north of Market: rent
$3 per room; all gentlemen roomers.
HONEST: IS rooms; U block? north of Mar-
ket; low rent; price $1250; not a vacant room.
NEW and MODERN corner house; 116
rooms; $3500; 2. 3 and 4 room apartments;
clears $275 monthly.
DENTISTS-
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.
Perfect painless dentistry \u25a0at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth. $2; sliver fillings. 25c; gold
fillings, $1; gold crowns, $3; bridge work, $3.
1104 Market st. corner Turk.
A NEW plate — The Whalebcne — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 DO; fillings, &0c;
piateg, $5; full set; all wcrk painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, near 11th—
No cnaire for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction,
50c. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th
DR. J. E. YOUNG, dentist, removed to 406
Sutter st, rooms 7 and 8.
GOLD fillings. 75c; sliver. 35c: crowns. $2, no
pain: op. Sun. Dr.A.C.llewitt.lol^ Grant ay.
DAY AND CONTRACT WORK.,
CARPENTER and builder wanta work by dar
or contract. O. C. LEROY, 502 Jessie st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1905.
CXAIRVOYANTSL -J-
AA— PROF. NIBLO.
IT IS JUST A3 CHEAP TO SEE THE BEST.
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS, $1.
$1 00— LOW FEE— $l 00.
BRING CALL COUPON AND SAVE $4.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READING
FOR $1 IF YOU BRING THIS AD-
VERTISEMENT.
_, 411 A ELLIS ST., NEAR JONES.
NO CHARGE IF NOT SATISFIED WHEN
HEADING IS OVER— YOU TO BE JUDGE.
I DO HERKBY SOLEMNLY AGREE and
guarantee to make no charge if I fail to call
you by name in full, names of your friends,
enemies or rivals. I promise to tell you
whether your husband, wife or sweetheart Is
true or false; tell you how to gain the love
of the one you most desire, even though
miles away; how to succeed in business,
speculation, lawsuits; how to marry the one
of your choice; how to regain youth, health
and vitality. Removes evil influences, cures
drink habits, locates treasures, cures all
nervous diseases.
How can I have good luck? \u25a0
How can I succeed In business?
How can I make my home happy?
How can I conquer my enemies?
How can I ir-arry the one I choose T ;
How can I marry well?
. How soon can I marry?
How can I conquer my rivals?
How can I make any one love me?
How soon will my lover propose?
How can I get a good position?
How can I remove bad influences?
How can I control any one?
How make distant ones think of me?
How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I kee:? my wife's love?
Oldest Established. First Registered.
Beat known Clairvoyant in California.
Others may come and others may go, but
Professor NIBLO always remains.
Hours. 10 to S daily and Sunday. s
411 A Ellis St.. near Jones st.
Permanently located in his own home.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
THE ORIENTAL SEER.
TRANCE MEDIUM.
SCIENTIFIC PALMIST.
Afttr you have read all the big advertise-
ments of wonders, wizards, consult CASH-
MERE, the real Hindoo lady, born In Bombay:
natural-born prophet; greatest adviser on busi-
ness and health; no equal; your\ name and"
what you called for; secret power to influence
in 3 to 21 days.
Scientific palmist and clairvoyant; all ques-
tions of life revealed; advi&es you whether or
rot you will be successful in love, marrlaß-3,
business.
Special Offer for One Week Only.
50c. 50c. 50c. 50c.
1015 Market st. New Arlington.
T~ STANDING CHALLENGE:
$10,000 — FOR HIS EQUAL— SIO,OOO
"ST. GEORGE ORMONDE."
Yoghi Initiate Oriental Clairvoyant.
PSYCHIC PALMIST. MYSTIC HEALER.
Egyption Astral Dfad Trance Medium.
A phenomenal 55 mortal reading for $1. Tell
you more than all others combined; how to
overcome sickness, drink or weak habits, ene-
mies, spells, lost vitality, bad luck; find treas-
ures, valuable mines; marry your choice; re-
store lost love; secure secret powers of con-
trol; reunites separated; implants business suc-
cess. Reading by mail $2.
1031 Market st.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE
If you wish reliable advice consult PROF.
LIVINGSTONE.
You hear the truth and nothing but the
truth, be it good or bad. He positively refuses
to accept any fee in advance and leaves It to
your judgment whether he has performed all
he claims and advertises to do.
Full Life Reading 50c. Hours 10 to 8.
LIVINGSTONE— 26% Kearny— LIVINGSTONE
A— MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St..
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affalra of life; Miss Wille guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the past; gives correct rorecast of your fu-
ture; advises you on important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, $1; hours.
10-8 p. m.; French, German, English spoken.
CASSANDRA. 1007 Mi Market st. near Sixth—
Before taking any important step in love,
marriage, divorce, purchases, sales, invest-
ments, JourneyE, health, consult the great
clairvoyant and palmist. Cassandra; she is
the famous medium who predicted the Russo-
Japanese war 4 years ago; also the assassin-
ation of President McKinley; readings, $1;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known clairvoyant in 3an Francisco. Re-
opened at 366 O'Farrell st. Hours 10 to 5.
Readings by mall, $2.
MLLE. "ORIETTA," world's greatest mind
reader: name, age, 2 seconds" (no writing);
known everywhere; 5 methods. $1; nuff sed.
122S Market et., 9 to 9.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guar. ; 2- r >c up. 17 3d, next Examiner bldg.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.,
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names 50c. $1. 1035 Fillmore. nr. McAllister.
MME. KKONENBERG, clairvoyant. 'card read-
er, palmist; when others fail try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102% 6th. nr. Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life; satlef ac-
tion guar. ; 25c up. 17 3d. next Examiner bldg.
MME. WARD. 1153 Market St., above 7th —
Clairvoyant gives names, dates and facts.
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives names; advice in all affairs. 5 4th st.
MME MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c,
gents 50c; hours 1 to 9. 645 Minna St.
RETURNED — Mme. Odell, card and teacup
read.; 25c-50c. satisfaction guar. 505 Jones.
ISMAR will return to San Francisco and be in
her office by Sunday. November 5.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth st to 954 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM. "
MRS. KONOLD, 148 Sixth St., circle to-night:
ladies' circle Wed.. 2:30, 10c; also reliable
readings, 25c; consult me after trying" others.
A— MRS J J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c. 1901
Post St.. cor. Flllmore; readings dally, 81.
MRS. EBERHARDT— Test circle at 2 p.m. to-
day. 10c; readings dally. 207 San Jose aye.
W G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
DR RAJAH performs healing miracles dally.
Gait House, 1206 Market St.. room 40.
EARLE'S seance Sun., Wed., 219 Eddy st. ;
readings. Hotel Higglns. OTarrell St.
PALMISTRY.
A— RETURNED, H. Jerome Fosselll, scientific
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter: tel.Black 5608
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cieanlng carpets on floor without remov-
al; carpet and rugs also cleaned by com-
pressed air at shop; prices moderate. S. F.
Compressed Air Cleaning Company, 30S Mar-
ket St.; phone Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Plcneer Carpet Beat-
ing Works. 353-557 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet-Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-.
risen st. • : Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission. 4B.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.; Props.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st. — First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard." Tel. Mission 74. .
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 203
L ACIS^CURTAIN S AND BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S Ntw York . Curtain ; House; most
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
} blankets. 1324 Flllmore; phone West 5306.' :'
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
STEWARTS Lining, Pleating and Buttonhole
\u25a0 Factory of 110 Taylor st. will remove. to 14
and 10 Taylor st about October I.'"- *
MRS. ESTES. fashionable dressmaking. .St
Katbryn Hotel.r4So Ellis; tel. East 1359/ ; .\u25a0-'.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Eve, class; patterns cut. .: 1190 Market st
EDUCATIONAL.
A^ — THE Lyceum, an excellent preparatory
school for university, law and \u25a0 medical col-
legce; we prepared hundreds of. students suc-
cessfully and we , shall prepare you: ' day,'
e\'CMing session; references ', President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. 1 Phelan- building.
DANCING, both adult and children's classes,
now open at Hinman's; School of Dancing.
1412 Polk st, near California; phone East
2129. , \u0084; j .\u25a0' .',
Connnued^^^^
GALLAGHER-MARSH . BUS.COL.. 933 Market,
conducted by Robt. F. Gallagher, expert
•- court reporter, holds world's record for short-
hand writing; successful himself, will make
you so; shorthand, typing, kookpg. Catalogue.
ALL" who desire good positions should attend
this college; we have had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege, 73S Mission st. '
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue! Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post St.. S. F.; civil, mining, eUctrical, steam
| and gas engineering. Send for prospectus. v
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Poet et.
Established 1863; largest In the .West; annual
enrollment 1000; send for circular.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec.. mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve; est. ISC4. Van
dw Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, . Ene:.. math., etc., day and
eve. ; individual instr 305 Larkin st. Prof.
T.A. Robinson, formerly pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
TELEGRAPH students willing to pay instruc-
tion in regular office.' Box 0162, Call office,
Oakland. , \u25a0\u25a0 .\u25a0 '•', . . ' .
A— METROPOLITAN-Callfornia-Students Join-
ed. Businees.^ Stenographic. 925 Golden Gate.
A special class preparatory to teachers' exam-
lnatlons or State nor, schls. 333 Phelan bldg.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION —Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night elassea
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese
S and Chinese help. Removed to 506 Sutter
St.; phone Main 5752. -- \u25a0'
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment Office
promptly furnishes all kinds of reliable holp.
George Sakauye, 421 Post et.; tel. Bush 135.
STAR Employment Office— Reliable" Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell et; tel. Main 1751.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. office
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. ICIODA, 4<T5 Pos«t st.; tel. James SOI.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. Wm.
YOSH Y, 415 Stockton st. ; tel. Bush 859.
AN old estab. (ISSO> Chinese, emp. office; C.
- CHONG'S. removed to 518 Plne;tel.Grant 156.
Finest Japanese help; houseeleaning. specialty;
Geo. R. Kuniabe. 343 Mason; tel. James 5251.
H. W. HONG, 1113 Clay st.; Chinese employ-
ment office; best help. Tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1P97. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
JAPANESE, Chinese help of all kinds furnlsh-
ed; houseeleaning. 70S Taylor; Jameg 7636.
RELIARLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTEp-~-FEMALB.
MIDDLE-AGED and unincumbered - woman
with best of references as to character and
ability, is desirous of a position as caretaker
of home with children. Box Wl5. Call.
POSITION as gentleman's housekeeper by
competent lady of experience, with a boy.
Address M. H., 291 Valencia st, or apply in
person.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeep-
er; good mother to children; none but reliable
parties need answer. Box 1214, Call.
WANTED — Work in a store or plain sewing
by the day. 104 South Park.
WANTED — Child to care* for. Call In rear of
1)70 Howard st.
COMPETENT stenographer desires a position;
$25 to berln. Box 1211, Call.
GERMAN girl wishes place to do housework;
good cook. Please call at 1647 Folsom st.
YOUNG eirl for general housework; wages
$25; call or write. 411% Thirtieth St., near
Sanchez.
A SALESLADY would like position in mer-
chandise business; 12 years' experience;
speaks English and German. Address, by
letter. R. M.. 1646 Bush st. -
POSITION wanted as bookkeeper, cashier and
general office work* experienced. Box 4003,
Call office.
A POSITION wanted, by a. French -girl to do
secondi work in a family.- Address \u25a0 - 318
Kearny st. •-• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
DRESSMAKER wants situation; will furnish
best references and diploma \u25a0 from school.
Address MRS. T. 1., 1504 Folsom st.
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor, shirt waist
suits. Jacket coat suits; up-to-date fits;
only first-class work taken In; designer; sat-
. isfaction guaranteed. MISS. BARSS, 321
Franklin st.
A WELL educated young German lady wishes
a position as nursery governess or ac use-
ful companion to a lady; be6t of references.
Address A. 8., 1105 Franklin st.
YOUNG girl Just arrived- from Ireland desires
situation as chambermaid and waitress: in-
experienced; first-class stitcher; city or coun-
try. Address L. R.. 753 Howard st.
EDUCATED German lady wishes a position in
flrst-class family for upstairs work and sew-
ing- has best references and long years -of
experience. Box 4613, Call.
COMPETENT German woman wants washing
and ironing by day. 1203 Vallejo st. ; no
postals.
WANTED — Situation as cook and helper In
hotel, boarding-house or camp. HENERY
VOGEL and wife.. 731 Folsom st.
A NEAT woman wishes to go' out: small wash-
ing and house-cleaning by the day.' 308
Van Ness aye. ' s .
YOUNG woman wishes position as chamber-
maid or working housekeeper in small lodg-
ing-house or transient house. Box 4801, Call.
A NEAT woman would like ' to do plain cook-
Ing and some housework in small family;
wages $30. Box 4002, Call office.
GIRL would like to pose in exchange for In-
struction in drawing; age 20; height 5 feet
5 inches. Box 3523. Call office.
HOUSEWORK by neat, reliable woman: good
" cook; small wash; wages $20. Box 3906, Call.
PLAIN washing to do at home. Box 4641,
Call office. -
AN experienced Infant's nurse, city references,
wants position. 1111 Sutter st .
MIDDLE-AGED lady from East as nurse; city
or country. 16 Hampton place.
COOKING in boarding-house by -colored wom-
en: flrst-class cook. lioxl^os. Call. •
AN experienced woman desires permanent care
, of Invalid; references. Box 3551. Call.
COLORED woman wants position for house-
work. Box 3803. Call office. - . (
YOUNG Japanese girl, who has a good Japan-
ese education, wishes position in flrst-clas>»
family for upstairs work. 121 Halcht st.
JAPANESE girl wishes position as cook or
any kind of Job; had experience. YOSHI,
417 Jones st. ; phone East 3615, \u25a0
JAPANESE girl wants situation to do house-
work or cooking: Address 1225 Fulton st. ;
-phona Fell 21!54. \u25a0
EMPLOYMENT • WANTED— MALE.
MAN thoroughly acquainted with shoe, furnish-
ing and clothlns business wishes responsible
po&ltlon; good ad writer; steady and goaa
appearance; no objection to going o:'t of
city. Box 130tt. Call. -\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0•..-
SITUATION wanted; gardener In all branches,
. landscape, greenhouses, etc. ; single, middle-
aged, sober; best of references; private or
commercial place. '.Box 3918. Call office. '- *|5
EOBER man wants place to do light" 7 chores;,
understands garden, horses; can milk; small,
'wages preferred. Box 6164, Call office, Oak- r
land.
A SOBER, reliable, middle-aged man desires
a position as caretaker or watchman; refer-
ences if desired: .F.G., 3601 Army st. .
BOOKKEEPER— Situation wanted by man oi
33; good penman; thoroughly, reliable: would
take good position as clerk. ; Box 1308, . Call.
BUTLER and \u25a0 valet;-, thoroughly "experienced;
excellent . references. Box 38t4,. Call office. •
MAN wants position as watchman ;. sob2r;< well
-, recommended: citjv country; 2 Lexington aye.
FIRST-CLASS German barber, would li_&
1 ; Btcady. position. Box 1014, Call.'
CONSCIENTIOUS, I efficient service — You'll get
• it If we deal; experienced In '. business,! ofnee
. 'and country^ life in air their, details, : mental
• and \u25a0 manual ; healthy, active, \u25a0 good * habits, ;
good ' presence, middle-aged; bond. Box 4640,
. Call office. ' .. - • ' 'i \u25a0;"• ,
WANTED— An elderly man i now , employed 'as
watchman .in a" family, hotel; Is? desirous; of
. making a change ,and : accept ; a -similar . po-
' sltion: In ; hotel, . apartment house or 'office
: building; references as* to sobriety \u25a0 and „ re-
liablllty. -\u25a0; Addresa; Box; 1447^ Ca11. : -'.>.\u25a0 ,~
•YOi/nG man wishes to get a Job as Interpreter
In Italian, French, German and s Spanish,- or
as. valet for travelers through Europe for, ex-^
planation of everything In all large cities Jn
Europe. - ; i Box 4C29.- Call, f ;*\u25a0:.,">' -»•.-- -
FIRST-CLASS young man' desires steady, posl-
: tlon as barber, to start Monday. ; Box . 4622,
Call office. . . . -;
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE— Con
AN absolutely honest, sober. Industrious young
man wants position; private place; under-
S stands driving, care of horses, garden, lawn,
milk, .can paint and do any repairs needed
around a place. Box 4363. Call.
YOUNG married man wishes . position of any
kind: understand? care of . horses; experi-
enced driver; thoroughly-reliable. Box 4615
Call office. . '
AN ex;>ert accountant wants small set books
of flrins- or persons to keep evenings or Sun-
•\u25a0 day; terms low; interview requested. Box
4t190. Call offlce. \u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0
YOUNG man, 35. flrst-class chauffeur, and au-
torncbile man. understands all cars, wishes
car to run and lake care of; will work rea-
sonable. JONEH. Milton House. 156 Third st.
YOUNG man. aged 24. with 3 years' experience
In the hardware business. wl»ha» position
filling orders or felling goods; city or coon-
try; best of references. Box 3803. Call.
EXPERT accountant wants small set books
for \u25a0 firms or persons to keep; evenings or
Sundays: terms low; Interview requested.
Box 3SSU. Call. .
POSITION wanted by respectable old gentle-
man as bartender In country hotel or road-
house; sober, steady and reliable: wages no
object; good references. Box 3781. Call.
COOK (chef) wishes position, either city or
country; competent: references. Address or
call room 318, James Flood building.
YOUNG man. speaking Spanish, French, Ital-
ian and English, wishes position. Box 3»12,
Calf office.' j_. - .
MIDDLE— AGED man who can do house, gar-
den work, plain cooking, etc., wants situa-
tion; references; wages $20. Box 1208, Call.
MAN with a small family wants position on a
ranch; capable, of handling fruit, stock or
hay. Address 551 Vi Howard St., S. F.
DENTIST: flrst-class man, want 3 situation;
state wages. Address H. C. STUART. D.
D. S.. 448 Central aye.. Alameda. . .
STEADY, reliable young man, with good ref-
erences, desires outdoor work, to care for
lawn or garden, etc. Box 3547, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work to milk and
care for horses and garden. Box 4G02, Call.
TYPESETTER wants a position in city or
country; good references. Box 4614, Call.
WANTED — Situation; steam fireman; coal or
oil. Apply 1410 Kentucky st. "
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook. L.
• CHINO. 75S Clay st.
JAPANESE boy, gentle and honest, wjshes po-
sition as a schoolboy at near address. 4-J2
Devisadero st.; phore Page 210 V.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese waiter wants position
as family waiter. JAMES ONI. 1304 Post
St.; phone East 3724.
A NICE Japanese boy desires a position a*
houseworker or barboy; has references anil
good knowledge/ of English. SAKATA, 804
Stockton st. .
JAPANESE flrst-class family cook wants posi-
tion; has best city reternces. JAMES NITTA,
9 Meacham place, off Post St., between Hyde
, and Larkin.
JAPANESE couple want positions an gardener
and cook; can milk cow and take care of
horse. F. SAITE. 90S Telegraph aye., Oak-
land.
YOUNG , Jauanrse boy wishes position as
waiter or any kind of Job; speaks English
well. YA.MA, 417 Jones »t.; phone East 3615.
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position for
housework. I. HONGO. 2202 Flllmore st. ;
phone West 606.
JAPANESE, honest boy, wants school-boy po-
sition housewprk. 3359 Sacrament St.. T.
NA KAMURA.
A HIGHLY educated Japanese wishes position
In store. 2002 Union ct. |
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants to work
for good family: good recommendation. Ad-
' dres3 610 Jackson St.. S. F.
JAPANESE man, washing, kitchen work.
- KING. 402 A Halght.
CHINESE cook for general family work. Ad-
dress A. HIM, care Sing Tai. 619 Jackson st.
CHINESE boy. first-class family cook, wants
position. 822 Dupont st.
FLATS TO LET.
AAAA
, Every desirable vacant dwelling is -listed in
our rentlnc: department. Combined lists from
25 of the lareest agencies. Saye a world of
time and trouble.
Service is absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur- .
nlture. < Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
103 i» Market gt.. opposite McAllister.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment and rooming-houses; our
renting department Is free to all: we can find
you a home in any part of the city; ask for
no payment other than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use this department freely; you are more
than welcome. „ „ _
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-259 Geary
str-(on the square).
TO let — Lower flats; 39 and 43 Langton St..
near Seventh and Howard; 4 rooms, bath
and washtubs.
Flats; 118 and 118} i Perry St.. near Third;
5 rooms, bath and washtubs.
659 Jessie St.. ti rooms. -
JUST completed. 3 5-room sunny flats; modern,
up to date; 4 bay-windows each; rent $25 to
$30. NE. corner Golden Gate and Central
ayes. | - ; -
LOWER flat; 6 modern sunny rooms and bath;
separate entrance; must be seen to be appre-
clated. 317 Laurel at.; rent $27 50. \u25a0
FOURTEENTH. 772, bet. Church and San-
chez — Flat of 6 large' sunny rooms, bath; all
modern improvements; rent reasonable.
HAIQHT, 1061, near Baker— Sunny 6-roora flat;
facing Buena Vista aye. and park; healthiest
location. •
ELEGANT sunny, modern flat; 6 large rooms;
every convenience. 1111 Turk st.. near Jef-
ferson Square; choice residence block: $35.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 3473, near Valencia — 4
, rooms and bath, $16; private entrance; an
upper aunny flat. f - •
"MODERN flats: 5, 6, 7 room; yard, basement.,
\u25a0 1929-1937 'O'Farrell st.; low rent to a good
tenant. ; \u25a0 '
FOURTEENTH. 435, near' Valencia —6 Modern
sunny rooms; middle flat, j Apply 437 Four-
teenth st. i
BRODERICK. 143, near Ha ight— Modern B-
room flat; marble steps, beam ceillncs, elec-
tric lights-, etc.; owl cars; rent reasonable.
WALLER. 1724, near park entrance — Modern.
sunny flats, 3-4-5 r. and b.; rent $11. $14. $24.
HOWARD. 2170. near Eighteenth — Lower part,
4 rooms, bath: to adults. '
BEAUTIFUL modern upper 7 sunny rooms.
NE. cor. Jackson and Larkin sts.; rent reas.
SUNNY unfurnished flat of 6 rooms, bath; 'rent
$27 50; furnished. $35. 1533 Larkin st.
MODERN flat; 6 rooms. .2275 Geary St.: rent
- -$25. - . -\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0--\u25a0.\u25a0-.- \u25a0•\u25a0:"•• \u25a0•:
BEAUTIFUL location: Hayes and Stanyan; G.
G. Park; 4 r. flats, $23; new; ready this wk.
PAGE, 452. . bet. Buchanan and Webster —
' Flat. 5 sunny rooms, bath and yard; reas.
CLARA. 217— Sunny bay window flat of 3
larger, rooms; rent reasonable.
MASONIC aye... 1227, near; Halght — New flats;
5 rooms, rent reaaonable.
SUNNY flat to let; 5 rooms and bath. 212*4
- Fourteenth '. Bt.; apply within.
$25 — ELEGANT upper flat; 6 rooms, ba:n.
garden. - 2719 Pine st., near Devisadero.
CORNER flat of 6 sunny rooms and bath; rent
only $20. 3021 Laguna st. . - - -
LAKE, 742 — New C-room flat; marine view;
park in rear;, rent i s2s.
PERRY. 254, near Fifth and Harrison — Four-
',«. room flats. Sl2 month. ,'
$25 — UPPER flat, ,7 rooms and. bath.'-. 1175 Mc-
'... \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0Allister st. corner Flilmore. v -
$17— CORNER : upper flat, 5 sunny rooms and
bath;. tinted. -3330 Twenty-sixth at., nr. Capp.
FLATS TO .; LET— FURNISHED.
DEVISADERO, 1627, near Sutter— A sunny,
modern, \u25a0' handsomely furnished « flat of 3
;•"'' rooms ; lights and bath free ; rent $22 50.
$20 PER month ;:4-room flat; nicely, furnUhed,
with -bath. ' 1307 Point Lobo.i aye.. near Sec-
ond ; aye. ;; Geery-?t.' car, pa; sss door. :
PARLOR v and alcove dining-room, kitchen,
bath^nlcely furnished; piano, etc.; $22 50.
2S3S Howard st. ;' -'\u25a0 -, : . \u25a0--.-.- '.».
FURNISHED flat, nearly new, $140. 112 Lily
\ aye.. near Goueh st.
FLATS FOR SALE-^FI'Ur»ISHED.
A SNAP — Mustbe:sold; leaving clty;.well-fur-
. .nlshedr 7-room flat;; sunny -corner: .make
- ; '"" offer. 103 -South Park." - '.\u25a0-•-•' '\u25a0..-..
$350 — MODERN | sunny upper j 7-room | furnished
- flat: .rent- ?3s;' must,- be' sold- before Tues-
} day:. call l:to 3 p.m.?: 847, Geary st. \u25a0'.
NEWLY' furnished, V sunny. - upper ...7-room I flat;
is* will seH or. rent cheap. -Bos 3759, Call offlce.
-___ :FIinXITPRI: FlinXITPRl- WANTED.
A-PHONE South 1015; It will pay you to send
for me before you sell yowLg?"^ 1 ?-.^"
_peta, piano, etc. M. GALLICK. 201 Larkin.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
et.. bet. 9th and 10th. paying big money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 173.
Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc.
HENRY MAYER Days highest prices i for fur-
nlture. 'carpets. etc..7S2 Mission: tel. Bush Sl3.
Z ABF. LEVY. 1135 Market St.. phone Jessie
761, paya caah and buys everything.
FTJBMT IRE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away:- unredeemed storage pl-
anos and fur. Whltehead's- Storage. 1638 Mkt.
\u25a0v FLORIST GARDEN.
TO LEASE — 6 acres rich soil; plenty water;
near Mission st. Owner. 636 Clay St.. r. 1.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
SECOND-HAND panel top wagon; Victoria;
rubber tire cbupe; Toomey road cart: leather
top carriage and 1 phaeton; cheap at 500 Gold-
• en Gate aye.: also. 2 sets 2d hand names—
X FOR sale — til Sixth St.. 7 general' purpose
horses: must be sold to lettls an estate.
AN elagant can-jage team (bays). 3 y«ars old,
about 2500 lbs! for sale. 834 Devisadero st.
6 GOOD plow horses for sale. 875 Folsom st.
GOOD business and wagon horses for sale
cheap. J. TOMKINSON CO.. 75 Minna at.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons ar.d harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m.. 327 Sixth at.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent t» any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HOUSE-CLEANING.
JAPANESE Houseeleaning Offlce— All kinds
help. 1911 Flllmore St.; phone West 255.
HOTELS.
HOTEL St Nicholas, Market. Larkin. Hayes
sts. — Heart of S. F. : modern: American and
European plans ; electric lights and phona
In fcvery room; hot and cold water; quiet.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
COOK. Santa Barbara 130
3 cooks, American families |30. $35
Cook, 10 adults. San Rafael....' $30
4 cooks. German families $30. $35
Parlormaid and waiting $30
Laundress, private family ." $30
[ 3 second girls, city ....$25
Nurse, srrown child $30
1 2 nurseglris $20. $25
Housework. Ross Valley $-jO
< Chamber work, private family $25
Cook, small hospital $35
Housework. Mare Island. 8 In family $30
Housework. San Rafael $30
4 chocolate dippers $9 week
Waitress, country hotel $23
44 girls for general housework, city and
country. $20. $25. $30. Call to day. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter gt.
A — REGULAR and relief salesladies for George
Haas & Sons' stores; young ladles engaged
now will have steady positions If satisfac-
tory; no experience necessary and no fee
charged unless position Is secured. See Mr.
Haas at this offlce 1:30 to 2:30. t0-day. MRS.
M. E. DAY. 456 O'Farrell st.
GIRLS to learn halrdresslng, manicuring, mas-
sage, etc., from A to Z. in 1 month for $8 to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evening
class. 234 Post st., room 17. second floor.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery for fall: 2
seasons from start to finish in 1 mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed $12 per week. up; learn
now for fall positions. 2.14 Post, r. 18, 2d fir.
LEARN halrdressing. facial massage, manlcur-
Ing.scalp treatment, hair work.removal super-
fluous hair; day. eve: classes; positions walt-
lng.slo week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3. 2d floor.
SEWING machine operators on shirts; clean,
light factory; steady work: Inexperienced
young women taught and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 1573 Mission
et., bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
GOOD PAY; STEADY WORK. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT ST. MR.
DAVIS. .
EXAMINERS and operators on shirts: steady
work; best pay. ULMAN. SEELJGSOHN &
BROWN. 715 Mission st.
WANTED — Strong young girls for our cloak
department, to learn stock keeping; refer-
ences necessary. Apply I. MAGNIN & CO..
41-53 Ellis et.
TWO lady cashiers wanted to-day for positions
In city restaurants; steady places and good
pay. Call at room 318. James Flood building.
WANTED I—Girl1 — Girl to assist In splceroom- Ap-
ply shipping department. Great American
Importing Tea Co., 32 Market st.
LADY to assist in light housework and take
care of haby; small family: call In morning.
38 Mint aye.
WANTED — An experienced young girl as
ticket seller in a box offlce. Apply at room
57. 916 Market St.. Columbia bldg.
WANTED— FIrst-class saleslady in cloaks and
suits. Eastern Outfitting Co., 532-534-306
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
GIRL to assist light housework; 2 In famtly;
wage* $20. 2125 San Jose aye., Alameda.
GIRL' for general housework; wages $20. 720
Cole St., after 9. . . .
BANDERS: steady work; good pay. S. FEAR.
413 Market st.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking; wagt»
?20. 1347 Ellis st.
WANTED — Good seamstresses;, must be neat
sewers. McCann. Alien & Co.. 619 Mason st.
WANTED — Girl to assist in light housework
and care of baby. -1241 Sanchez St.. nr. 26th.
BRIGHT young lady to assist In store and
offlce Siberian Fur Co.. 408 Post st.
FUR operators and finishers. -Siberian Fur Co.,
40S Post st.
GIRL for light housework: sleep home; wages
512. 300 Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS flnlsber wanted on tailor-made
suits. BARON'S, 22G Powell st.
WANTED— Apprentices. BARON'S. 226 Powell
street. \u25a0 -
EXPERIENCED pants operator: steady work;
high wages to right party. 121 New Mont-
gomery st., room 5.
WAIST hands wanted. 1407 Laguna at.
SKIRT finishers wanted. 706 Sutter, st.
NEAT girl for general housework. 2706 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— A shirt polisher. 3372 Mission at.
WOMAN for Heht housework famtly of four;
no children; $20 per month. Box 3914. Call.
EXPERIENCED millinery saleswomen want-
ed. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' '
BINDERY girls to run numbering machine
and ruling machine; feeders wanted. Mutual
Label and Lltho Co.. Second and Bryant sts..
Bryant-st. entrance.,
WA NTED-—- Competent German maid; must be
good seamstress; wages $30; references re-
quired. Call at* 621 Leavenworth st. be-
tween 10 and 12 a.m.
WANTED — Young women to learn telephone
• "operating;, salary while learning: references
required. Apply after 9 a. m., 216 Bush at.,
third floor. -, \u25a0 - - . : '
WOMEN to learn halrdresslng. manicuring and
- ' massaging; only • takes four weeks; . special
terms to next 10 students; evening class from
7 to 9. Moler System College. 405 Powell st.
WANTED — Young girl to assist In general
housework; good salary and home. . Apply 117
\u25a0 Cole st. near Hayeu. \u25a0 \u25a0<\u25a0--:.
A REFINED, energetic woman, capable of
; management, for wholesale house. Address
box 46M). Call offlce/y j -. :
GOOD opportunity as traveler for energetic
" young woman; state references. Address box
' 4688.. Call offlce.
CIGARETTE makers wanted at H. BOHLS &
CO.'S. 244 ' Fremont »c: to make Kadee
cigarettes. "\u25a0'-"' \u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
OPERATORS to take work home.. 656 Mission
»t.. third floor. . - '\u25a0\u25a0 '
OPERATORS on children's wear to work In
factory. . 656 Mission st. third floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to -work-
•\u25a0 : In - factory. ' 656 Mission st. third \u25a0 floor. -
WANTED— GirIs ' for , clean. ' pleasant ' work;
-^permanent .positions: good,; pay. 520 Market.
GIRLS to put fasteners on gloves; jrood oppor-
;, tunity. „ CARSON. GLOVE CO.. 123: Second.
WANTED— Book folders and, sewers at Mc^N-
TYRE'S bindery. 424 Sansome st.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE; — Co-tinned
vnrrvo eirl for Weneral housework: wages
?25? call or writeT 4H% Thlrtletja St.. near
Sanchez.
LADIES' hairdresser can find a good openln*
at 411 Van Ness ay».
GIRL for cooking and housework: wages |25.
-T P. ANDREWS, 109 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS waist and coat hands. 12^0
Geary st. ______————
BARBERS — Employment and Sapptlg*.
$500— 3-CHAIR barber saop for sale; near city;
hydraulic chairs; cheap rent; choice location;
fixture first class: good business; rare op-
portunlty seldom offered. COLEMAN. 31L
James Flood building.
BARBER shop; one of handsomest 6-cha!r
ghopTand bath, across the bay: owner about
to retire- can be bought en favorable terms.
STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
BEST 2-chalr shop in Alameda. with ef^xr
stand that pays expenses of shop: reasonaD.e;
leaae. 1544 Park St.. Alameda. -
BARBER shops wanted: all those that can
bear close investigation as to their merits
may apply to P. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
$300— 4-CHAIR shop; near Market: good busi-
ness; will stand Investigation. Box 1307.
Call office.
FOR sale — Barber shop In club building: K3O&
business; 8 clubs In building. 923 G. Q. ava.
2-CHAXR barber shop, old stand; cheap; 4
liv. mi.; good location. 1013 Hyde, nr. Green
BARBER shop, 2 chairs; living rooms In back.
757% Brannan st. near Seventh.
WANTED — Two second-hand patent barber
chairs. 142^ Eighth st. -
BARBER shop downtown; 4 chairs, running
lease. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
COMPLETELY furnished barber shop to let.
1020 Scott st.
$300 — 3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; cfcoic*
loca.; sacrifice. Coleman, 311 Jas. Flood bid*.
HOPLAND barber ihop for sale. JOHN R.
WALKER. proprietor.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT HORD & SMITH'S Employment Offlo*.
628 Clay st. — Telephone Main 3821.
FREE FARE — NEVADA — TO-DAT AT B
P. M.— CALL EARLY.
6ANTA CRUZ— FARE $1 30— BOAT WED-
NESDAY. 9 A. M.
FREE FARE— TEAMSTERS— 2OO ME-ES
OUT— S P. M.
Cart gang foreman $3. company work.
Scraper foreman. $3, company work.
Carpenters. $3 30. Carp?nt?rs. $3 50.
Factory. Company work. No examination.
No discount. Carpenters. $3 50. cheap f*re.
Kitchen gardener. $2O and found, boss h*re.
Experienced poultryman. $25 fd.. boss here.
Farmer and stockman, $30 and fd.. boss here.
WINDOW dresser and dry goods man. $123;
3 house carpenters, country. $4 day; man
for wood and coal yard. $2 day; spool tender,
$45 and board.' 2 levermen for ditches. $70
and. board: man about plac*. $30 and found:
miners, $2 23 day: furnace men. laborers. $2
day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento.
BUTLER, $5O and board: cook and wife to
rent hotel, kitchen, restaurant: second cook.
$45; boarding-house, cook. $10: cook and
helper, country.- $60 and others. J. F. CRO-^
SETT. A CO., 62S Sacramento st. * "-(
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUSH 833.
2 CALKERS. Free Fare both Ways, $5 and
found; 10 Rough Carpenters, North. $105.
FARE REFUNDED: 23 laborers. $60; 15
Drillers. $67 50; 2 MACHINE MEN. Water
Tunnel. $90; 45 Laborers, Lumber R. R..
$67 5a FREE FARE. NORTH, near ORE-
GON— 2O TEAMSTERS. S. P. R. R-. $67 30.
NORTH, near OREGON: FREE FARE.
ANDRE'S Offlce, 317 Stockton st.
Gardener, first-class place, country. $35 to
$4<>; night watchman and attendant for in-
stitution. $30 and found; bedmaker and tend
offlce, $25 and found; assistant for nursery,
$25>: cook, boarding-house. $30 to $40; short-
order cook, *D a week; kitchen hand, $30;
porter for club. $25 and found: etc
BAKER (nrst-class) wanted for fine bakery
in Salt Lake City; wastes to start $22 per
week: if competent wtll be raised flrsc
month; fare paid: call at once. Room 318.
James Flood building.
WANTED — Sober, steady man In Wtchen; must
be able to cook short orders; wage* $3 a
week. Call early. 3234 A Adeline St.. SoutU
Berkeley. \u0084-.':
YOUNG man wanted to learn the bakers'
trade zut helper; *."» psr week to start. Call
room 31S, James Flood building.
YOUNG man familiar with machine shop of-
flce work; bookkeeping and stenography. Box
1215. Call office.
WANTED — Man who understands buying and
selling pianos. MISS JENNIE DRISCOLL.
Golden West Hotel.
BOY to learn typewriter repairing; $4 per
week to start with. PACIFIC TYPE-
WRITER CO., 638 Market st.
WANTED — 25 Iron molders for Victoria and
Vancouver, B. C : Albion Iron Works; no
strike; union wages. -
__=__ 'J[ t
WAGON blacksmith wantsd. 312 Gough st.
WANTED— IO wagon boys. Apply PRAGER3
dellvary department at 8:30 a. m.
EXPERIENCED waiter for bakery and coffee
house; steady work. 612 Kearny at.
A FIRST-CLASS carriage trimmer. $3 a day
and steady workT 1504 Folsom st.
WANTED — 3 laborers, pick and shovel. Four-
teenth and N sts. South.
BRIGHT boy. about 18 to to feed platen
press. Apply 30 First st. --
BOY wanted. BARON'S. 228 Powell st.
WANTEIV- Plumber's helper. 31V4 Ninth st.
WANTED for U. S. army — Able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 33:
citizens of United States, of good character
and temijerate habits, who can sceak. read
and write English. For information apply
- to Recrultlnz Officer. 204 Rlalto building.
New Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cat.
A BOY — 583 Mission - gt. ; downstairs. _^
WANTED — Estimation for Interior finish and
woodworking plant: young man of rood ad-
dress and knowledge of plans, with very fair
Judgment of. values can secure permanent
position: salary moderate till ability shown.
Box ICOS. Call.
MEN learn the barber trade In 8 weeks; tui-
tion earned while learning: situations guar-
anteed; only up-to-date colleges In. America.
MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. e44 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. : 250 rooms. 25c to 50c per night, j
WANT_© — Men to learn barber trade; new *-
method: tuition earned while learning: posi-
tion guaranteed after 8 weeks. GIT .T.MAN' 3
BARBER COLLEGE. e27 Clay st. ,
WANTED — Draughtsman; one familiar with
' laying and construction of metal. A. MERLE
CO.. Bay and Stockton sts.
SALESMAN. De Lux Books, for high-class
proposition: experienced, responsible. Natlon-
al Alumni. 229 Parrott bldg.. bet. 9-11 a. m.
WANTED — A brass finisher and lathe band.
Apply at once to JOHNSON-JEFFREY CO..
460 Sixth St.. Oakland. .
MEN and women to learn the barber trad?;
special offer to next five; new method. San '
Francisco College. 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. CBl Howard, nr. 3d.
WANTED — Pressman for folding box. cutting
machine. 520 Market at. \u25a0
FIRST-CLASS lunch porter wanted at Key-
stone bar.' 27 7th- St.: wages $43; call early.
AN experienced bartender: references and
bond. BROWNSTON'S. 225 Taylor at.
TWO young men wantsd to learn paving trade
California Watchmaking School. 723 Market.
DRUG clerk for country store. Box 13&3.
Call. . , -\u25a0 \u25a0
YOUNG man of Intelligence to take up good
paying business. 604 Montgomery, room 204
COATMAKERS. pants and vestmakers for
country. REISS BROS Sc. CO.. 24 Sutter st.
DETECTIVES ' to learn the bustness; money
made while learning. 604 Montgomery, r. 204.
SAILORS and ordinal seamen for all parts or
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
10.COO WORKINGMEN to buy our genuin*
army shoes; all Inspected. 103 Third st. \u25a0
SAILORS and young men (green hands) foe
shipj. HALLBERT 517 Jackson st -f)
ERRAND boy. 13 to IT years. Apply H~^
LIEBES & CO., 137 Post St.. between 8 and
8:30. . , \u0084 . .
ONE or 2 men to learn a good trade: good pay
while learning: must furnish £10 security.
31t> Folsom — t. - f > •
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. _r. Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 33c night; readln g -rooms;
; free bus and baggage to and tma ten?.SYSTEMATIC READING OF ADVERTISEMENTS
HELP \VAJVTKD— MALE— Continued.
A -MURRAY & READY. C3l-636 Clay €t..
Phone Main SS4S.
Our Own Printing
1 iaut issues our free list of positions four
times daily— 7 a., m.. 10 a, m..
'If. m.. 4 p.m.
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION.
-,^v- n r>^" VEPTIGATION A ' N F> SEGREGA-
KIRST^^ T HELP" E PRODUCTI °* OF
IT , IF YOU WANT -
iRE BEST HELP, Do' AS OTHERS DO—
6EXD YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY. C34-KJ6 Clay Bt..
Leading Labor and Employment Agents,
' Phcne Main SS4S.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE. THE
, _ -"a-i RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
w e gave in 1904 (9QQ ,\ve hope to
64.t«X) men work. increase 04.000.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
HALF RATE FARE.
. 25 Labcrrrß, $60.
Steady Job 2 years.
ARIZONA- ARK YOU GOING TO ARI-
MI'RKAY & REAI)Y. C 34-836 Clay St.
THESE ARK ALL, SPECIALS.
Bread hak<?r. Bbojk, fare $2 50, $50 and found.
Huicher. country job.
Butcher, shop, wapon. slaughter, fare $3, $35
and found.
Old man, cook, jrun club, $20 and found.
COOKS. ETC.
Cook, r-eat lur.chman. city $40 and found.
Cook, small, good hotel, fare 50c, $50 fd.
LOOfk..
Boy. work in printing office. $1 day.
Driver, n-.ilk wagon, fare 25c. $15 and fd.
Young man assist invalid. $25 and found.
Stock farmer. Mcndocino County, $30 found.
Poultryman, $30 and found.
Gardonsr. choremao. private residence, $20
and found.
MURRAY & READY. €34-636 Clay «\u25a0 -
Cast your
eye on this.
one thousand men
1000 MEN
ONE THOUSAND MEN
FOR THE
NEW RAILROAD.
BIG WAGES.
2 YEARS' WORK.
SOUTH.
ARE YOU GOING SOUTH?
DRILLERS. HAMMERMEN,
ROCKMEX. KTC.
$75 MONTH.
LABORERS AND MUCKERS,
$67 CO MONTH.
2 TOOL SHARPENERS, $90.
BOARD. ETC. $20 MONTH.
ALL OPEN CUT WORK. :
GOODS SOLD FROM
COMMISSARY AT COST.
SPECIAL R. R. FARE.
$2 40.
BEAT.TTFUL SOUTHERN
CLIMATE; NO LOST.
TIME.
OFFICE FEE $1.
MURRAY & READY.
tj34-636 Clay st. .
LOS ANGi;LES.*SS FARE.
CATALINA ISLAND, $5 FARE.
NEWPORT BEACH. $5 FARE.
SANTA MONICA. $5 FARE.
PASADENA. $5 FARE.
LONG ISLAND, $5 FARE.
POMONA. $5 KAIiE.
BEAUTIFUL REDLANDS, $5 FARE.
-Whfre lie Oran«re and Lemon grow, and
Kiowers bloom the year round, and man
can
WORK EVERY DAY IN
THE LAND OF SUNSHINE.
NOW NOW NOW.
. two-horse teamsters, $«>7 s.'i.
i||' s laborers. $C 7 50.
«sfi bammerroen and drillers $75.
83 mockers, $C 7 50.
And hundreds cf other positions. BIG
WAGES.
GREAT CROWD GOING. ARE YOU?
MURRAY &. READY.
Ca4-ti3t} CLAY ST.
~~ OREGON— FREE FARE.
a COAL MINERS.
$1 TON— ARE YOU GOING?
MEXICO. MEXICO.%
256 Coal Miners.
MURRAY & READY. O3*-CT6 Clay ft.
TO SAWMILL WOODS.
C 3 LABORERS. $C 7 SO.
Real estate and development syndicate ; free
fare.
25 Üborers. you'l! suit, office fee $1. $CO.
55 TIEMAK-ERS^-SKE- US.
MILLME.V AND AMALGAMATORS $&0.
FREE FARE.
QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
25 laborers, no experience ship to-day. 11:30
a. rr... $60.
I<s tJrtliri*.^hip to-day. U :':..• :i . m.. $67-50.
IS header o>n. ship t<>day 10 a m. 3 ad
B d. m.. $67 jO.
12 laborers, big new quarry. $t>7 50.
15 "laborers around steam shov-i $G7 50
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
3K» laborcre and teamsters ditffrent jobs,
\u25a0omt fn San Francisco, $2. J2 25. $2 50 day.
come sfee uy.
FARMS. ORCHARDS, ETC.
General ranch her.<ls $-"sn. $.25. *4rt found.
CHORE MEN' AND BOYS,
lien and boys for chores $15. $20. $25. $30
and found.
DAIRYMEN.
MUkets. butter end cheese makers, $30, ?£5,
$40 and found.
F-REE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
835 laborer*, tare paid, you'll suit, 535, $40.
$45 and found.
STABLEMEN.
. Stablemen different jobs. $S5 and found to
Xj',o. $75.
'^"18 boy» for different trades, «4. $J, $^ w«ek.
555 LABORER? $00.
BUILD NEW RAILROAD.
FREE FAKE.
GREAT LUMBER COMPANY.
25 laborers, northeast. $67 50.
C 2 laborf-rs. grad- railroad NE. $C 7 50.
MURRAY & READY. €34-Ct6 Clay St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
Cooks, different places $30 $75, 550. $40 and
found. ' \u25a0.:.*--
TTalters, different places. $45. $40. $30. ?25
ar.d found.
DISHWASHERS PORTERS. BEDMAKERS
SO waiters, differer.t places, $35, $:>O. $25,
$20 and found.
Bell and elevator boys, different Jobs.
BUTCHERS AND BAKERS.
Butcher slaughter-house work $49 found.
Bakers' helpers, $75. $CO. $50. $45. $35. $10,
$25 and found.
BUTCHEP.S.
Btltchsr. -Bhop and wap-on. fare $1 60. $35 fd.
« BOOTBLACKS. $*! 50 WEEK.
MJfifil*-a#re*s man. Institution $30 found.
WURRAY * P.EADY. R34-G36 Clay «t. !
" MFXTHANICAL. • " '-
Harne*»-n«Lker. ranch, fare $1 40. $2 day fd.
MACHINIST, fare $3 sf>. $?. RO day.
Lamp-maker, city factory, piece work.
2 ROOF PAINTTTRS. city. $2 W> day.
2 ROX'GH PAINTERS, city. $3 day.
\u25a0Woodworker wagon blacksmith, shop, city,
15 25 day.
BLACKSMITH HELPER, lumber co.. $50.
CAMP BLACKSMITH, fare $3. $45 found.
Boy to help In blacksmith «hop, city, $1 25
«ay. 1 -
2 ULFCTRICTANT. factory, $fin found.
UEI.TMAN. FACTORY. $3 DAY.
2 rip eawyws. south and north, $75
2 LUMBER GRADERS, SE.. $3 DAY.
MortiFer «nd tenorser hand. city. $2 50 day.
, « CABINET- MAKERS.
Kachin« blacksmith. Iron foundry. %% 50 day.
*B<rx maker, city factory. $2 50 day.
'^4 lathers, city Jobs. $2 25 M.
4 carpenters, car repairers, Los Angeles,
t3 25 fiay.
4 men used t 0 truck work. Los Angeles,
$CT 80.
FRCE FARE.
25' carpenters, railroad work. $90.
6 young men or boys, learn each and door
trade. $1 2? day.
2 Wster rubbers and polish furniture, city.
t2 «ar
4 upholsterers, fsre 20c. $3 and $2 day.
Wagon-maker, woodturner, city. $3 50 day.
Lime burner, fare $1. $2 f,O to S3 day
'3 PLUMBERS, $4 DAY.
3 cabinet-makers; C blanket weavers.
Machine hand, ripeaw, $2 25 day.
8 sticker haras," mill. $3 50 day.
Machine rticker hand* $3 <"ar.
CARRIAGE PAINTER. *« DAY.
Brush hands, varnlsWr.p. $2 to $3 day.
2 t!n?rrslth«. dty work. $2 to $3 day.
Furniture and cabinet-maker, city. $2 50 day
MILLWIUUHTS.
12 more millwrights, lumoer co., $105 found
FREE PARE.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
25 carpenters, construction work, large mln*
corporation, special fare $1, js97 60; general
maraiZKT at our office.
12 roujrtf carpenters, large lumber co.. $90.
16 carpenters, plain hou*f and shed and barn
end other work; corporation A'Antc their own
work: 'fare $130; steady job: $105 month.
12 carpenters,' special new Job. construction
bur.khouses. trestles, etc., fare $1 25. $105
month.
<*> carpenters, house n. R. work, \u25a0 free fare,
*flO.
S< rough carpenters, city Job. $90/
flnvgh carpenter, fare 30c, steady Job, $75 fd.
run Job. concrete bridge, fare 50c.
$4 day.' - •
15 carpenters, buJld rlurTiouße, $4 day.
CARPENTERS.
25 carpenters, house work; fare $1; steady
job;. s3 CO day.
12 carpenters, special jobs, special fare $2,
VU TO day. j
CALKERS, WOOD RHTPS, $5 DAY.
15 CALKERR, FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. C34-«36 Pay st.
BOX FACTORY.
• 65 younr men. you'll do. $2 day.
MURRAY & READT, 634-CS6 Clay Bt.
HELP WANTED— MALE— Conttnned. j
4 MEN and wives, ranches, $40 to $60 found.
MURRAY & READY, C 34-636 Clay Bt.
STREET GRADING FOREMAN.* $3 DAY. :
2.i laborers in concrete, free fare, 14 miles
away, $07-50.
4 SAND TEAMSTERS. CITY. $2 50 day.
4 SCRAPER TEAMSTERS, CITY, $2 60 day.
12 RANCH TEAMSTERS, $32 50 fd.
» TEAMSTERS. FACTORY. $67 00.
5 married laborers, good cabin there for '
wives and children to live in, fare 30c. com-
pany work. $07 50 month.
12 LABORERS. BUILD FACTORY. $60.
PLACKR CO., CAL. FREE FARE. NEVADA.
55 laborers, you, yes. you. will do. Call early.
FREE FARE— NEW JOB.
20 drillers ar.d tunnelmen, $2 75 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
FREE FARE— ALAMEDA COUNTY.
25 drillers, open cut work, $67 50.
25 LABORERS, open cut work. $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE.
SHASTA— SHASTA and SISKIYOU.
25 teamters, R, R. work, ship to-night, $C 7 50
MURRAY & READY, C 34-636 Clay st.
SANTA CRUZ.
25 laborers, lumber company, steady work, :
$35 nnd found up.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
SOUTH— FARE $3. SPECIAL— SOUTH.
25 laborers, lumber company, steady job, $60.
\u25a0 MURRAY & READY. 634-C3O Clay st.
GOLD qUARTZ- MINE.
25 single and double hand miners, $00 found.
20 miners and muckers different other Jobs,
$S2 50 and $90.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C3C Clay st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r.40. Phelan bid.
Past Con. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
LABOR deb's collected; suits, sttachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d st.. rm. 522.
DAUTEL wants 1800 men to buy inspected
Government shoes at C3l Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th« recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at lOCS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 ». m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Rranrh office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
SOLICITORS. WANTED.
MEN or ladles to handle our coupon; good .
seller. 6 Eddy St.. room 83.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgmy.
CLAY St.. 27"", near Pierce — Elegant -resi-
dence, S -rooms and bath; opposite Alta
Plara: ail modern conveniences: fix to suit
tenant.
nOISES TO LET — FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished 10-room house; fine
location, to lease for one year; reasonable.
For particulars address GUS. HARRIS. 1423
Sansome st.
OAK. 419 — Eleeantly furnished house. 10 sunm
rwrns. 2 baths, pjajio, garden, yard.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALB.
-SIXTH. 421 — A nice, sunny house, S rooms
and bath; very cheap, - $165; cheap rent,
$22 r.Q; a good i>lace to rent- out rooms.
HOUSES TO LET— MILL VALLEY.
SUNNY villa, furnished; 7 rooms, bath.. C.
TOOHEY. M. V.. or 312 Montgomery Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TWENTY-SECOND. 27677~near Bryan t^Mod-
ern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; conserva-
tory, garden, chicken yard, basement; $25.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms. I^-story and basement:
Missloa-st. cars to Crescent aye. on to first
street to right; $11. \u25a0-
COTTAGE, three rooms. Inquire 3253 Mis-
sion street: rent SlO.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented., exchanged; manufacturer of the
Earr.es tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt; tel. Park 775.
H JAPANESE CONTRACT LABOR.
JAPANESE contract labor for farming, wood-
chopping, tree pruning or any work; estab. 5
yra. Matsumoto &. Co.. box 125. Alvarado. Cal.
LOST AM) FOUXD.
LOST— Sunday afttrncon. tn "or 'near Presiaro,"
diamond and sapphire bracelet; a liberal re-
ward will be paid for return of same. 1800
California et.
LOST — Half old-fashioned black enamel gold
locket. Amtaining baby's picture; reward.
Return to GEO. E. ERLIN, 214 Battery st.
LOST — Lady's pin with small diamond; valued
as keepsake. Return 3sl" 24th st. : reward.
LOST — Handbag containing money and two
keys; poor lady. 155 Profpect aye.; reward.
LOST — Gold watch and fob with seal's tooth;
reward. MoNAMARA & MORAN, 9 Battery.
LOST — October 22, bull terrier bitch, white;
one ear cut. 418 Leavenworth St.; $5 reward.
FOUND — A diamond brooch. Box 3920. Call.
LOST — Brown dachshund; $5 reward. Return
to 2520 Goujrh st.
IF tiartv who took a cravenette from seat in
electric car at Napa Sunday morning will
return same to room 1038, James Flood bulld-
!nsr. will receive reward and save trouble.
LOST — Black pocketbook. containing 2 billi,
$25 and rold snake ring as keepsake: re-
ward JSS. GEORGE BUSH. 612 Third jt'j
call between 3 and 4 p. m.
LOST — Black and tan Dachshund; name
Romeo; reward.- 1373 Broadway.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRES.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.. for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
BI ED I CAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— LadIes, all who are
sick or la trouble, consult this specialist on
f«rnals complaints; positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most ditncult cases
treated; every case taken; immediate relief;
ro poisoning drugs: low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of irregularity; consult
me; save time and money; advice free. Office
1018 Market St.; hoars 0 a. m. till 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
ir.ale troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. OfOce hours 9to 5, Sunday
10 to 2. 100HU, Market at., opposite Fifth.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 60 by express. I'asteur's syr-
lcges and tablets; price $5. By express only
on recelct of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
WOMEN'S diseases and Irregularities cured In
24 hours; 19 years* experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling; strictly private; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office, 4206 Market.
DRS. GOODWINS' herb treatment; reliable,
safe, prompt for female irregularities; relief
or.no fee; $10; hrs. 9-8. 850 Mkt. St., suite 37.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— orflce and residence
1021 H Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leaveriworth St.,
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 687. 1
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2985 Folsom St., corner
Twenty-sixth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. HOWARD, ladies' specialist— Relief or no
fee; $10: hours. 9 to 9. 906 Market st.
. MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-'
TOSH & WOLPMAy. 105-107 Fremont st.
A LADY having met with reverses and about
to lose her piano, which she bought on thi
installment plan and having same almost
paid for, will sell for a small sum to party
taking up balance of installments. Bo*
1012. Call office. .
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables ; easy payments ; we rent tables
- with . privilege of buying; modern bar . fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 652 Mission St., S. F.
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery," en-
gines, boilers,- water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
«tc WHITELAW, 336 Main Bt. •
BEAVER cap«, $15; tan jacket, size 36; ai«o
brown walking ' skirt ; bargain for $12. \u25a0 Box
3905. Call office. "
MACHINIST'S lathe; ' heavy. S4-lnch 10-foot
bed. 22-inch 0-foot bed. JOHNSON &HO-
RAN. 602 Third et. ' . . '-\
A — GENTS' full drees suits to ' rent.. J.
. COOPER, 21 Stockton St.. second floor.
FOR sale — New 2-hors* horsepower; everything
complete. 1510 Harmon St.. Berkeley.
THE .SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER -24,. 1905.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE — Con.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office and Salesroom. 130 Beale st.
Works and Yards, Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a brand new lot of pipe complete/
ready for, lmmediate delivery.
>4-lnch pipe... .$3 25 per hundred feet (new)
%-inch pipe. ...S3 95 per hundred feet - (new)
1-inch pipe. . . .$5 70 per, hundred feet • (new)
lVt -inch pipe. . .'.s7 60 per.hundred feet (new)
I^s -inch pipe $S 90 per hundred feet (new)
2-inch pipe. . .$ll 95 per hundred feet (new)
2»4-In. ecrew pipe (2d hd);- ready for use, 100
3-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 12^0
8%-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 16c ;
- 4-in. screw. pipe <2d hd); ready for use, 19o \u25a0\u25a0'-'"\u25a0
Send by check, money order or coin by W. F.
ExDress C 0... with order..'-
H. 8. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office 130 Beale St..' - '
Reference — Any bank, benjter or publication.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, Fhaf ting, etc., , etc.- bought, sold,
rented and excha need: see Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE MACHY CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
MACHINERY, boilers and , engines bought,
-sold and exchanged ; power plants in their
entirety bought. Western Mhy"Co.. 230 Main.
14-K GOLD fountain pens,soc; Sheffield hollow-
ground razors, 50c; selling out our cutlery &
stationery dept. SUNSET BAZAAR, 42 3d st.
GASOLINE engine, 2-horsepower, . marine . or
stationary; bargain. 002 Third- »t.
A* SMALL, furnished, ark. cheap. Box 3928,
Call qfflce. . - \u25a0 '-. .\u25a0•"'\u25a0' '
BEAUTIFUL gent's diamond ring, 2 carats,
$100. PAUL V. GARIN, 114 Sutter «t.
MAGNIFICENT pearl and • diamond cluster
ring $100. PAUL V..GARIN, 114 Sutter st.
DUCK club membership for sale; Sulsun'
marshes.' Box 50C0. Call office. \u25a0
DESKS and office furniture bought/sold and
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES— Printer, 611 Sansome St.,
San Francisco.
SOLID silver tea set, 5 pieces, at a bargain. 10
Sixth st. .- - . .--..-\u25a0\u25a0
LARGE show tent in. good condition.. W. A.
PLUMMER. 11l Clay st.
MILES of pipe and fittings, all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY-& SONS, 109 Vallejo st.
TWO merry-go-rounds: one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI. SOS Kearny st. \u25a0
HIGH grade second-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns,. sale, rental;
bargains. BULLARD & BRECK. 131. Post Bt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.'
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825, 650 Sacramento.
M. LEVY pays highest prices gents' cast-off
clothing.shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington.
WE pay cash ladies' and gents' clothing. Til-
ton's Misfit Parlors, 154 9th; tel. Howard 1187
BUYS any amount of castoff clothing, etc.
MRS. MORRIS. 934 Folsom; phone Jessie 448.
DIAMONDS, etc.. bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 4/P-401 Adams bldg., 206 Kearny 6L
MONEY TO LOAJT.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
eOl-602-UO3 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no. disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Ketatee, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can
GET JUST ON HIS NOTE:.
Mo. • Semi-Mo. Week.
$50— Return to us $13 35 or $6 65 or $3 33
20— Return to us 8 00 or 4 00 or 2 00
20 — Return to us 535 or 2 65 or 135
16 — Return to u5..'. ... 400 or 200 or 100
Or any other sum and pay back in proportion.
STAR LOAN CO. of W'yomlng, •
Room 311. Mutual Savings Bank building.
WILL LOAN
reasonable' amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d .
Mortgages on 'real estate
In city, town or country.
Low. rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property,
, . \u25a0 Location, etc. ' ,-,\u25a0--.... . .
' Box 223. Call office.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton st., near Market.
2d floor.
Loans made to salaried people without any
publicity or other inconvenience on their
nctes. Loans on real estate In probate; life
Insurance policies, estates, second mort-
eages. assignments of rents, etc.
SALARY. LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 1
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
97S Market St.. tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market st. and 27 Third St.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; lowest
rates; no commission; confidential. • &06-7
Donohoe bldg., 8 Taylor St.. corner Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-nouses, without
eecuritv; tasy payments; large business In 40
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg.
A — Lowest rates en real estate, Ist or 2d mort-
gages, life insurance, or on any security, any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bldg., SO9 Market, cor. 4th, suite 1, est. 1868.
MONEY. MONEY. MONEY.
Any proposition, 49 2d st., Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage-Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
ALVA Co. (The) leans money to salaried people
without security; good terms and easy, pay-
ments; also on other security. 607 Flood bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold,
diver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'B. 10 Sixth st.
SALARIED people without security; also on
fum.. estates in probate, life ins. policies, «ta
Empire Loan & Invest. Co., 612 Parrott bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianoa; $15 up; no removal;
no com, y. TREMAIN. room 'Bl. '6 Eddy st.
ANY amount, real estate or other security;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. S.
DON'T borrow money.on salary ' until you see
us. Hut ton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
McGARVIE & C 0. ,720 Market st., loans money,
66 tc. 80 per cent of valuation of property.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
IndorBer. MORRELL."' 60ft Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL . INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER OF. UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
English upright, for practice, $66.
French upright, a little better, $65.
Also a Chlckering, Vos« ' Sterling, Curtaz,
Smith &' Barnes, Mozart, Neuman, from $145
BENJ. CURTAZ & BON. 16 O'Farrell st. '
OUR large and Increasing renting business en-
ables us to rent the best pianos In the city for
$2 50 and $3 per month, - some at $2; . one
year's rental ' allowed If piano Is : purchased.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 660-64 Hayea.
LADY having met with reverses and about to
-lose her piano, which i she bought on the in-
stallment plan,. and having same almost paid
for. will sell for a small sum to party tak-
ing up balance of .Installments. Box 'S9l3,
.. Call. '. " V \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 ; :.- \u25a0\u25a0 ' '• - : -\u25a0-'.-'-' \u25a0 . \u25a0
GENUINE bargain; lady unexpectedly called
away, will sell almost new mahogany up-
right, fine \u25a0 make, very .- ; reasonable; easy
terms. Box 1013. Call.; v - . -.;:.
A NEW piano ' for. rent at ' $3 . per mo. ;' others
at $2 and $2 60; one' year's rent allowed- If
purchased. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
6CO. Hayes st. - '-"-. - \u25a0 - :'• \u25a0 . \u25a0
FIRST-CLASS upright piano, mahogany case;
must sell without \u25a0 delay; make offer. '• 584
Valencia St. \u25a0'. \u25a0:.'\u25a0\u25a0' '; \u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'-'''. :.:'\u25a0'-'."\u25a0"-
AN Emerson > upright. $167. HEINE, 237
; Ge.ary st.; : - ' \u25a0..•--'\u25a0:: ' \u25a0--:."\u25a0.•-• - :\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>',', -''\u0084.:.
SUPDRIOR violins, zither*,' old and new.' H.
M-ULLER. maker.; repairer." 2 ' Latham plane.
HORNUNG, 216 McAllister . st.";* manufacturer
Hornung Bros. 1 planoe ; agt. ; Laffargue piano.
ELEGANT uprights, new.- 2d-hand; $40-$5OO.
PIERCE'B ' Piano Factory,?. Market and ; 14th. V
ALMOST given a way ; ; unredeemed I storage I pl-
anos.furn.-. White head's storage, -lC3C;Mrkt.
SOHMER. : Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecllian; piano
player. BYHON MAUZY, '3OB-312 i Post; St.; "=
NEW. upright pianos sold on $5 \u25a0 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A. C0..,: 16; McAllister, st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway,,up; Chlckering baby. grand. l
Phnninger llttlo used. ' Keeffe's.' 2Ss O'Farrell.'
-.'i museums."^; .;;\u25a0•\u25a0:;:.;:'
DR. ; LIEBIG STAFF. Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market St.. near Sixth. •
MINES AND "MmiNG. :^ r . nr .''V
"WILL pay fair price for 5000 to 20,000 eharas
of the La Fortuna Gold and Silver ' Mining
. Company. Box 1016, Call. r .\u25a0:- < , - .-
WANTED — Partners to work - placer; mine \u25a0 for
/.>. winter in California. ; Box 3917.. Call of flee.
INTEREST In placer claim for sale. Box 1003,
- Call office. ;:•-\u25a0\u25a0: - : ", : \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0•',\u25a0\u25a0'..' '..-"...">••\u25a0:
! OFFICES AND STORES TO • LET. C
MAJESTIC building, i 1281 Market st.-^Nlce,
\u25a0 modern office* to let, $10 per month and up.
TURK, TlB, above Van Ness'. ave. — Store and
four living rooms. : yard. - $30. ' - .
DIAMOND.' 819 — Store and . fixtures with
kitchen, $10; good for notions. \u25a0
PERSONALS..
» • "D-R-U-G-L-E-S-S T-R-O-P-H-I-E-S" • •
"REXRADIO'S" ; D-R-U-G-L-E-S-S* T-R-O-
P-H-I-E-S: You should "READ A-G-A-I-N"
?: last S-U-N-D-A-Y-'S wonderful testimony by *
W. ELLWOOD. 1114 Howard (INTERVIEW
him), of the INSTANT, marvelously succees-
ful treatment of his EXTREME, DIS-
ABLING, alleged i-n-c-u-r-a-b-1-e LOCOMO-
TOR ATAXIA, signed also by F-O-U-R-
T-E-E-N prominent EYE-WITNESSES.:
whose ADDRESSES you can haye — many
similar cases filed . at offices, also of many
other supposed INCURABLE, diseases. Mr.
Engleke testifies : I Witnessed the Ellwood
case, also, others of DEAFNESS. ParalysW,
DUMBNESS, Deaf-Mutelsm. and my daugh-
ter 1 * large GOITRE, *c. •My » RHEUM A-
-TISM remains cured to date, • "82 days."
During 20 years I was OEDFAST days and
weeks at a time; 5 SECONDS' treatment
"permanently" CURED me. WRITE or
VISIT me: C. ENGLEKE. 221 Stelner st.
MY wlf«. Bertie White, having ' left -my bed
and board. I will not be responsible for
debts contracted by her after this date.
PETER VOYVODICH. 2C5 O'Farrell st. -\u25a0
DR MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he will
challenge the world to produce its equal;.
' shipped to all parts of world. 382 O'Farrell.
$1 and $2 50 size bottlea; take no substitute. -
WANTED— A home for bright boy of 12 years
on country farm or garden. J. J. PAYNE,
361 Clementina st. -\u25a0 • \u25a0.:.
PROF. E. MATZENAUKR. the greatest healer
\u25a0 living,: moved tf) the Vendome,..cor. : Market
and Turk; chronic diseases cured.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
*• and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'.. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. . - :
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hair dress-
. era. Star Remedy Co.. 821 Polk Et.
OLD picture frames reflnished like new: reason-
able. California Decorating Co.. 206 6th st.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.^ the tailor. 729 Market st.
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle special-
ist, 814 Sutter st. Phone East 8646. '.
S BRAND new tailor-made . men's suits, cost
$26. for $9 75. 440 Bush. nr. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK; suits to order $16 up. LEMOS,
1127 Market St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play ; books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PHYSICIANS AJVD SURGEONS.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, j herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
' past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.- .
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctoi" — AH dis-
. eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay'st.
» 'painting and paperhanging.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up: 75,000 rolls wallpa-
per. 6c up. Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented; U. S. and foreign;
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 53J Markot st.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale;.
AAA — "OUR iPRICES" on ranches are lower
than anywhere else because we. do not add
huge commissions on to the owner's price;
we only handle places we "know" to be good;
we "never" misrepresent a place;, see us and
save 20 per cent : Sauta Cruz County land a
specialty. BURR- PADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco, Cal. -\u25a0'\u25a0'."
IF you want a cheap little ranch, here's one of
20 acres, <well located In central .. Alarne<la
County, for $2500;. there are 8 acres ln.ybuug;
vineyard, -balance -hay and pasture lnnj mo
waste), house, barn,- personal property, etc. ;
no better poultry farm anywhere. H.- H.
CRANE, 608 California st. :
FOR SALE — 2Yt miles from Napa, about 50
acres;. 10 acres -bearing vineyard; some' or-
chard and plow land; balance pasture: 6-
room house and outbuildings; price $4000;
no agents. Address Box 10, Call office, Napa,
California. ' . ',-/.. _ \u25a0
$2650— A CHOICE vln«y*rd property of 20 acres
In Alameda County; 15 acres wine grapes in
seventh year; house, barn, personal proiJerty,
etc.: owner called out of State; get particu-
lars of this. H. H.f CRANE, 508 California.
ALFALFA Irrigated : lands. $25 per acre; $1
down. $1 month: no Interest; call -or write
for pamphlets, INDEX I LAND AND . BOND
CO., 007 Kohl bid., cor, cal. and Monty Bts.
FOR sale— Modern 0-room house . lrf Pacific
Grove, part furnished;, large lot;; excellent
location; bargain if taken at once.. Address
H. L. LEEK, 1911 Green st.
A MONTHLY catalogue country land bargains
- sent fre<v C. M. WOOSTER CO.. C4B Market.
Poultry ranches. Write to J. W. Horn Co.. Pet-
aluma. for free copy of Sonoma Co. bargains.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addrees In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. \u25a0
BURLINGAME REAL ESTATE.
NEW SUBDIVISION. "~
NEW SUBPIVISION.
Best lots for the money down the' peninsula;
200 sold In 30 days at beautiful Burlingame.
: Streets,, eraded. macadamized: sewers and
.water pipes laid. Surrounded by beautiful
homes; . near \u25a0 school ; great big lots, 60x150,
$450 and upward; $90 cash. $10 monthly.
Office-opposite Burlingame Station. - •
LYON -.& HOAG, 116 Montgomery st
PALO ALTO REAL" ESTATE.
CO-OPERATIVE Land and Trust Co. are the
owners of large blocks of real estate In "The
Twin Cities," Palo Alto and Mayfield,'-' the
Stanford University towns ; - large lots, . $3CO
and up; cement walks, . graded streets, etc. ;
small monthly payments; , country . property;
• .houses' for ren». '. San- Francisco office, 720
Market at. ; phone ' Front , 31. Salesmen
.-.' wanted. .:-\u25a0,:\u25a0 -•'••'.'.-
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
THE ' fall Is unquestionably \u25a0 the most be.iutiful
time . on the , Pacific Slope,*- and nowhere Is
this so true as In the Naples of America -
Sausalito. - For homes to rent, for • lots ' for
sale pee W. H. ATKINSON; room 69, Chron-
icle -bldg., "\u25a0 9 to 11 a. m.; tel. Brown 217;
Sausalito. 2 to 6 p. m. ; tel. Main 411. Sun-
, days at Sausaltto. \u25a0 • ..' \u25a0 :-
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
" NOTICE TO" MANUFACTURERS. , > ~ > '
A snap In .water,, front .property Just ; across
the bay; 'lso or 200 acres,"' having the best fa-
cilities. of any property "on -the harbor to-day
Address L. , 8.. box : 1213, Call office.- .
.PROPERTY; WANTED.
'"WANTED— -A ; . % , 10t In/^Western "AddltlonT^gTve
\u25a0 lowest cash price.". Box 1002.' Call '< office. \u25a0
\u25a0'/. STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. >
i A— EMPORIUM Storage j & ; ; Van ' : Co. f furniture.
\u25a0 houcehold goods stored, moved,' shipped.'. \728-
\u25a0. 731 -.Howard; st.,. nr.< Third; 'phone Grant 161.
UNION ! Square ' Transfer and Storage - Co.; ; 604
, Van \u25a0 Ness ' av*V... Phone . East ' 448. <\u25a0> Storage, .
moving. ' packing; cut'rates on . freight. >".-..;
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
. Main office Eddy, and Flllmore: tel. \u25a0, West 828.-
\u25a0 BEKINS Van and Storage Co., v 11 \u25a0 Montgomery
Bt. ; tel.. Main 1840. \u25a0'. Shipping at cut rates. .; .
SEWING-MACHINES ; AJVD^SUPPLrES.
DOMESTIC-^-The; machine^for; family's use; beat
•Is' cheapest;-- eecend-hand: all; makes at any
. price; all kinds -rented .lowest rates; v Domes-
' tic office, '1021 ; Market . st.fs near jSlxth." ,
ALL" kinds second-hand,,: s3,l; $5,-:; $8; \u25a0 slightly i
; : 'i $10.: $16. 1 $20. V- You ', know .where ' dolls .
: ' swing •in •: the ; window,"? 1051 * Market •. et. \u25a0 '- .
}?< (TYPE WRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally: good: No. 1 2 Remington,* '• No.' I-
\u25a0.-.:' Smith ;-. Premier, "1 $25; » other -s typewriters > at'
tl higher ;and" s lower; prices; • rentals,"; $2 50. .-• The :
Typewriter : ; Exchange; 1 536 •. California - st. ,• :
' v v';'-TIIRF.: v ;r:^;;"v:. ; ' .-'
' WANTED— One or i two i parties > to ? take > Inter-
". est-lnibook at Oakland; thla is an excellent
• chance Ito get In \u25a0 right," r and >Is worth -,lnveatl-'
gatlny. Addrees box 1 1209, '.' Call of flee.
\u25a0REAL, ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN &'" HOWELL. ." 3; '-
; ;; : . • 25-Poef. St. •-
55,000 — i good little flats-ofS rooms "each; ' 4
\u25a0\u25a0 minutes walkto City Hall; small st.,
backing up to ' main thoroughfare, where
'. property is selllns- dally; '. rents $552 per
." annum; offer desired: lot 25x75.
$16,000 — North : Beach - proi>erty, , 2 frontages;
grand 8-story -bay. window; -bldg. of 2
stores and 2 . uppers ; ' get In on this be-
fqre some one elee grabs It up. \u25a0'\u25a0 Further
}' fy'-^i \u25a0 i particulars at office." \u25a0 . .' ; ? ; -. \u25a0; ;*
$1,050 — One lot at this price left on Lake st.,
, • near 19th aye. \u25a0.; :
$7,soo— Modern.' 7-room home; grand view of
Golden Gate Park; exceptional buy. .
:. Send for >ourh monthly "Buyer and Seller,"
containing a comprehensive list of choice prop-
erty for sale.'
SUTRO HEIGHTS Addition, r —
: . Sutro Heights Addition. .
. The only | property . , near the beach where
\u25a0 sewer, .water ; and gas \u25a0 mains . are laid and
• where all street work Is done; Drices low,
cash or terms; splendid opportunities for in-
\u25a0 . vestors and speculators. ; Call at our branch
.".office, cor. 49th aye. and Fulton .St., opp.
Life " Saving Station. Open every day and
. Sundays. . .
BALDWIN & HOWELIi Agents, 26 Post st.
-$6500. ..BUSINESS property
$6500 BUSINESS property
• Store, with rooms \u25a0 In rear: flat of 5 rooms
and bath -above; one tenant; leased- for 3
years; rent $50 per month; lot 25x100:3; on
car line: close to busy transfer point- In West-
ern Addition. ' . •-
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
, 25 Post street. .
PRESIDIO TERRACE.
A beautiful park for choice homes In the
center of San Francisco's fashionable residence
district. . \u25a0\u25a0•'• ' \u25a0 \u25a0 '
No intruding structures • allowed to mar. the
btauty of your home; all lota over 45 feet
front; social security assured. '
First avenue, opposite -Washington street;
you can see the large entrance gates from the
Eddy-street cars. Send for our descriptive
booklet. v:;',.:^::
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.
SPECK & CO., 209 Montgomery st.
Telephone Private Ex. 95.
INCOME AND OTHER PROPERTIES.:
MARKET ST. BARGAIN.' .
$135,000— Substantial 6-story; brick lmprove-
• ments; well rented; lot 45:10x137:6 ft.
MONTGOMERY AYE. -J
$76,000— Corner; junction of 3 streets; 4-story
building; .fine business center; ' stores
* and hotel under lease producing over
$5000 income.
ELLIS-ST. INVESTMENT.
$55,000— East of Polk st. ; fine new modern
. Improvements ; under well-secured
lease; $3SO month rent; lot 30 ft.
. through to rear street.
W. A. BUSINESS CORNER.
$35,000— SW. corner; finely Improved, with 3
~> stores and flats; on Eddy st.; yielding
annual Income of $3108; lot 63x100; a
splendid Investment. \u25a0
EDDY-ST. FLATS.
$30,800 — Near Van Ness avenue: very desir-
able; lot 50x120 ft.; two frontages;
rents $240 month.
FOLSOM-ST. BARGAIN. \u25a0 ' '_ < \u25a0\u25a0-.>
$30,000 — Best ..buy to-day on that street, close
to 4th';»7o-foot lot, fair improvements,
under lease that will carry the prop-
\u25a0 erty nicely till expiration ; a large
margin of profit In value here. - -i;- .
NORTH.OF MARKET SNAP.
$23.800 — 56-ft. ' corner, extending back 137:6
ft.,- with good improvements, stores ;
. and flats; all rented for $2472; excep-
tionally good Investment; should rent
for more; price reduced for quick sale.
,v McAllister— business.
$20,000 — Desirable investment in fine business
block; close In; well Improved; 35 ft.
lot; stores - and houses; annual Income
'-,- \u25a0'',' about $1500. \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0" •- .
- BARGAIN. VAN NESS AYE.
$18,500— Grand lot. 45:10x137:6 ft.; near Pa-
' 1-. ciflc- st.; graded and ready- for-bulld-
"lng, with marine view; east side;
• \u25a0 cheapest property anywhere In' that vi-
cinity. < \u25a0 ' :\u25a0.
THIRD-ST. SNAP.
$15 500 — 31-ft. lot. with. Improvements, near
Bryant st. : lot alone worth $18,000.
BEAUTIFUL FLATS.
$11,600 — In select residence portion of West-
ern Addition: modern and up to date;
two flats of 7 -and 7 rooms and baths;
t rents $85; lot 35x112:6 f t. . •
*, MINNA STREET.
' $6,soo— Near 3<l •: st. : business and flats; lot
25x75; rents $00 month: this Is cheap.
• SOUTH OF MARKET SNAP,
•a 000— Flats, vicinity Fifth and Clara sts.:
lot 25xSO ft.; present rents $300 year-
ly; could readily be raised.
% h,;.t5;..... shrdlu ehrdlu shrdluhrd
RESIDENCES.
SCO, OO0 — Jackson-Bt. corner; 20 rooms.
$50,000 — Pacific aye.: 15 rooms (corner).
$35,000 — Broadway; 14 rooms.
$30. 000— Washington et.; 14 rooms (corner).
$30,000^ — Clay st.: 23 rooms; 3 baths.
$25.00(.t— Stelner st. ; 17 rooms.
$22,500— California St.; 15 rooms. ?'M£,'J,
$20,000 — Lyon st. ; ! corner; 16 . rooms.
$15,000 — Washington ; st. : 14 rooms.
$12.500 — Bush st. ; 9 rooms.
$12,000— Green st.: 10 rooms.
$9,2so— Sutter st.; 8 rooms.
$5,000— Broderick st. r 7 rooms.
- SPECK & CO., \u25a0
209 Montgomery st. !/
SELLING' ; V'--:
TO BEAT THE BAND.
'I : . ; ';i.i >, ' ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
$275- : -EleEant level building lots, clos« to
school; fine car service on Mission 6t. ; cream of
the' Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozone Is not polluted
with -smoke and dust, to say nothing of the
deadly * microbe: no Interest and no taxes.
GOLr>EN GATE \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 pabk o£Sy*iw a month.
$4CO-^For finely located lots 3 blocks south
of the park; electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing In value with every stroke of the
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" Is not tho only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section: no taxes. :\u25a0>•
W. .T. WHITE COMPANY,
\u25a026 Montgomery St., room 8.
MARINE VIEW. V PARK LOTS.
\u0084 /:..-. $300. - ;
Adjacent ' to i Improvements costing millions.
*•.-< .-. . (Parkslae). ,
Two electric roads will be running inside of
. \u25a0 , one year.
Absolutely very cheapest* lots offered in Golden
Gate Park district.
-Lots "will double in value In few months...
E. J. HOOPER. 26 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
\u25a0 -Installment homes. ,'713 Jas. Flood. building.
- We -build ion • your, nrooerty or : buy you a
lot: you make a ; small cash . payment, then
if $8 per month pays principal and Interest on
- each $1000 of balance" due., making ..: your
'\u25a0?, monthly Installments less than rent; call or
.; send for circular. .,-' ..
FOR sale— Corner of Chestnut and Dupont sts.;
* fine view;* 30-room -house; "double flnish out l
\u25a0 side* including furniture If desired; fine store;
lot 47 feet on Chestnut and 72 feet on Du-
'pont;- will be 'sold- at half cost.". Apply to
-.the owner rat 203 Chestnut st. -V,
?2.°iOO — NEW I modern : : cottage. 4 r. and b. : 1
block cars; driveway, barn; easy terms; $400
'cash. $20 per month." : 3310 Mission st. ;-:•:; -:•:
FOR sale— Store ' buiiatngrf with "8-room .-. flat
\u25a0 above, , on lot 25x100: Twenty- fourth st., near
;. carhouse.' , HUFF ;4,BUCK. 2802 Folsom st.
5- ROOM cottage; -modern. Improved: .on car
: , line; -'.terms same as rent.' See owner. 612
-: Preclta^ave..-: ;..--- '..:-'•-.-\u25a0.'. --'•\u25a0-
$6000—^BARGAIN; residence. 9 handsome rms..<
H bath; solidly* built: sun every room; nr Pan-
. ; handle ; ; $2500 j cash needed. ; P. ' \u25a0* O. box 2206.
LOTi cheap, or; two '\u25a0. modern ' flats cheap; cash;
\u25a0:",;;-. give .location. \u25a0\u25a0'._ Box 4656. Call.
A BRANCH Tof flee of The Call for .t he recep-
:\u25a0 tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
':. been ; opened ;at 1008 ( Market : st.. opposite
; ! Fifth. :'.-: Open until lip/ m. y ;
CHEAPEST and bestUn America— The Weekly
'\u25a0* Call.'r 16 ' pages.* sent \u25a0to '\u25a0> any address In \u25a0 the
; • United ? States \u25a0- or \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Canada \u25a0- one • year : for $1.
\u25a0 -.'\u25a0 pottage f paid. ' '.\u25a0-'"\u25a0'' •'\u25a0\u25a0 " s .;iil_ifi2_ij^___ril2i_i;'
ALAMEDA; ADYEE^SyT^
\u25a0^^-^ALAMEDA RJBAJ^^^E^TJ^mx^^ :
For sale^r-s^robm cottage, bath, high basement; '.
flowers: must sell. $1075. Box: 1322. Call.,
REMELEYAD\TR^S'NTS
.. • BERKELEY REAL" ESTATE.^ li[
$2SOO_NEW. modern 7-room \u25a0 house; 1709 Del-
- aware; st.",; Berkeley; -lot: 40x135; street work
.-"\u25a0.' i done; ."cement-,- walks: * easy "terms. ; 'Address
\u25a0' owner, ; GEO. C.:j NALL; 912 41st at., ;- Oak-
. la . nd :3aMi \u25a0-\u25a0 1 ":\u25a0-\u25a0'"*-.;-\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0;-
OAKIANI):AI)yEBT ? S ? M ? TS
.'• : OFFICE. 1018 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAJL ESTATE.
SNAPS — — — - SNAPS —SNAPS.
MUST BE SOLD NEXT WEEK.
$6600—-,
Elegant house east of Broadway: 12 rooms,
bath, < heater, etc. ; house cost $9000 to build ;
on sunny side of street, only 4 blocks from
14th-st. depot; a snap; can arrange terms of
$2000 down, balance at 8 per cent.
Comnletely furnished — "•
$2500— Pretty, cozy, artistic bungalow cot-
tage, located within 10 minutes' walk of train;
furnished with all new furniture, complete;
terms $250 down, balance $25 per month.
$3500^-Close to train on 10th at.; lot 40x120;
house 8 rooms; bath, basement; terms $1000
down, balance on flat -loan, 8 per cent.
' y \u25a0' '' ' \u25a0 '
$4250— Elegant new pair of. flats of 4 and 6
rooms each; all , large rooms; paneled dining-
room; beamed ceilings; elegant electric fix-
tures; elevated lot, close to 16th St.: In a fine
residence location; will rent for $47 50 per mo.
, KREISS & HORSWILL,
1070 BROADWAY.
$4500—1200 CASH— BALANCE MONTHLY Df-
> STALLMENTS. * .
A new well-built and tasty home of 8
rooms and bath on corner lot and facing East
Twelfth st. boulevard, .which has recently been
completed and accepted: by the city. The sec-
tion Is one of the beet in Oakland and very
convenient to . schools, cars to Oakland and
but two blocks to local trains to San Fran-
cisco. The house consists of Hvlng--room, pan-
eled dining-room, both of which have coved
ceilings, kitchen, pantry with - all necessary
: shelving, servant's room and back porch on
, first floor and four bedrooms, bath. large linen
closet on the second; the walls are of rough
Band flnish and tinted in delicate colors, vuhlle
"the woodwork Is the natural wood, waxed and-
varnished; the style Is colonial, with large
solid front door and leaded windows. It Is a
good, new, substantial home and is one of the
best buys In Oakland to-day. Photo with full
description will be mailed upon application or.
further particulars may. be had at the office of
GEORGE K. FISH.
1006 Broadway, Oakland. \u25a0
Formerly with Shainwald, Buckbee & Qp. of
iS. F. Residence properties "a specialty.
MUST
BE
SOLD.
Now, Mr. Bargain Hunter, Is your chance. :
Splendid full '."-story residence.:.... s3,2so
Lot, 60x123, and stable 1.600
$4,850
Price $3750
Your -margin .$l,lOO
Close to 32d st. and Telegraph aye.; photo
at office.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB,
814t San Pablo aye.,
Oakland. Cal.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME
CHEAP ON EASY TERMS.
From $13,500 to $10,000; a crown -hill and
terraced situation; surroundings unsurpassed;
non-resident owner orders Immediate sale; key
at office of
HARRY L. HOLCOMB,
- 314 Ban Pablo aye.. Oakland.
$50 LOTS. . $50 LOTS. $50* LOTS.
Jessie Jones tract, adjoining East Oakland;
only a few lots left; $5 cash. $2 50 monthly;
' parties taking a number of lots will be given
a liberal dißcount: 300 lots are sold and
quite a, number of people are living here
now: water can be bad: It Is good ,. sandy
loam: look at Board of Trade exhibit and free
tomatoes raised on this- tract that weigh
each from 1 to 1% pounds; school, elecuic
cars are near; level lots in this tract, with
streets graded and macadamized: $75 each;
game terms. See HENRY Z. JONES, owner,
removed to 468 9th St.. between Broadway
and Washington, Oakland.
FOR sale — $300 less than coat, one of the choic-
est building lots in Alta I'ledmont; all etreet
work, sidewalks, sewers, water and gas
mains complete; magnificent view; faces two
broad avenues; restricted building values in-
sures elegant home surroundings; owner go-
ing away; must sail at once; make offer.
Apply to W. J. WHITE CO.. 28 Montgomery
St., • room 8. -..-'•
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th St.. cor, store. Oakland.
San Francisco Ad vert Vents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN, 920, corner McAllister— Fine
sunny front housekeeping \u25a0 suites with all
modern conveniences: clean, airy and new;
regular kitchens; $15 and $10; adults. Ap-
ply SB9 McAllister st. ,
BUSH. 1625, near Van Ness aye. — Nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms; all con-
venlences; 4 rooms; $27 60.
BRYANT. 448— Housekeeping rooms.
BUCHANAN. 137 — I housekeeping rooms;
stove; all complete.
CALIFORNIA, 1253 — Lower flat;- pleasant
housekeeping 'rooms. >
CALIFORNIA, 2304, near Webster— Sunny
front rooms ; 2 single beds and running wa-
ter, . \u25a0 - _
EDDY, 329^ — Sunny housekeeping and single
rooms; very cheap. *
FIFTH. 144 — Centrally located rooms, com-
pletely furnished for., housekeeping.
FELL, 22S— Rooms tor housekeeping.
FILBERT 1219 — 3 sunny rooms, garden, tom»
furniture, $15:' Hyde-st. cars; reference*. .-
FOURTEENTH, 730 — Handsome furnished
rooms for housekeeping; sunny bay-windows;
water; laundry. t y .. . ".».. -
FULTON. 1208. near Scott — Three unfurnished
connecting rooms; bath; laundry preferences.
GEARY. 736— Nicely furnished housekeeping
; rooms; good location.
GEARY. 1058 — Four . rooms newly furnished:
• first floor; $20; .three rooms $18. \u25a0
HAIGHT, 696 — Large, sunny, renovated rooms,
, $8 and $10 a month; call from 4 to 8 p. m. j
HOWARD, 2006 A. near Sixteenth — Front suite;
gas range,, grate, running water, phone;
other room's. . - . -
HYDE, 21? — Furnished rooms for light hoi»e-
keeplng; gas range; no children. - '.
JESSIE. - 323— Large : front room, gas 1 range.
_ sink. $3: sunny back parlor. $3 week.
JONES,- . 609— Nice housekeeping suites, $3 to
$10 per. month. .-•\u25a0--
KENTUCKY,' 1247 A —Housekeeping room*.
LAGUNA, ' 90S— Front sunny housekeeping
rooms to let. . : ' ' '
MARKET, '1163 — Suite of rooms for housekeep-
ing; rent $16^ also single room. $5.
MARKET. 2098 — Two large, sunny, well-fur-
:; nl»hed rooms, complete for housekeeping;
phone.' bath.. - \u25a0
MINNA. 560 — Well furnished • sunny rooms i for
- .light housekeeping; also single rooms. -
MCALLISTER. 204. cor. Hyde (Alton House>—
Three-room furnished; sunny apartment.- \u25a0
MISSION, 823— Housekeeping rooms; gas for
cooking. ' ';\u25a0'--'. \ ; " \u25a0 _
MISSION, 2647, ' near 22d—^3 \ well-furnished
. rooms for housekeeping and \ single rooms.
MISSION. 2057, bet. 16th and 17th — Nice con-
necting-f ront rooms.- complete for housekeep-
..'.\u25a0 Ing: adults. . . : . \u25a0:'•'''\u25a0''\u25a0
NINTH 110— Nice -f front connecting house-
:"*• keeping rooms; reasonable. . -
OAK. ', 117,'f or ' 14 *• Page — Complete \u25a0 for,; house-
. keeping;: $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.
OAK. 609-^-Larg* light sunny- furnished rooms:
•".>\u25a0•- closets, '.. running i water; : priv. family; \u25a0 select.
O'FAHRELL; a 787 — Newly furnished * 3 . rooms
J.-;* and -.bath.'--'-. Call! Monday- from 1 10 to 2.
O'FARRELL, 1 1358 — Newly X' furnished rooms;
-.'new house; gas range, etc.; $10 a month. ~.v
O'FARRELL. 1890— Nicely furnished convenl-
'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 ent c- housekeeping ''_ rooms ; cars pass door
every 3 minutes; treasonable. \" .-
SIXTEENTH.^ 2936,". corner . Capp— Two sunny
* connecting . housekeeping : rooms; gas, bath;
.-.512 gQ.'.'^-:- \u25a0:-'.- ":> -'\u25a0-:. '.;.\u25a0 :. \u25a0 \u25a0..-'- \u25a0 \u25a0;.-. \u25a0 :
STEINER; -" 2204 — Several i fine.. . sunny rooms
; complete J Tor flight ; housekeeping In private
family; adults ; only. >• .- - ...
SUTTER, _ 1616-^2 : large sunny ;\u25a0 front " rooms,
-complete: hskpg.; ;$22 50: 2 sunny rooms. $IS.
A BRANCH . office of . The Call for the r«cep-
" .; tlon of , advertisements- and subscriptions . has'
\u25a0 been opened lat 1008 Market * St., \u0084 opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. ! manHn^QKL
- -
APART3IENT HOCSES.
ESTHER. 1419 Leavenworta. near Waahington
— Now. open; greatest conveniences In house-
keeping rooms In city: t^mveniences of fly« -
rooms contained In two; call and Inspect
these apartments; rooms rent from $30 to $i&
per month: no other house in city similar to
this In its appointments and conveniences.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell at^ near Van Ness and \u0084
Market — New, handsome, fireproof ' structure ;
mod. improvements: aptd. 3-rm.. bath: special
inducements for next 6O days ; tel. £outh 1071 . •
NEW 4-story corner apartment-houoe: sunny
\u25a0 side: completed November 1. Alt snttes hays
modern kitchens, electric lights, etc. Apply
244 Ninth St.; building opposite.
RANDALL Apartments. 120 Pierc* st. — Four
large, sunny, unfurnished rooms; most b«
peen to be appreciated. Tel. Fell 0731.
ALTA Apartments, 6pp. Alta Plaza — Furnished
or unfurnished 2 rooms and separate bath.
- Clay st.. between Pierce and Scott.
A— KENILWORTH. cor. Bush. Powell: 3-room
sunny apart s. ; single rooms; modern; reas.
A—YONA — YON NYDACK, 873 Post — 1 rooms; private
baths; furnished, unfurnished; salt baths.
GRAND view; Calif, and Lyon: 4-room fur-
nished apartments complete with bath; reas. .
ROSSWELL Apartments. 1360 Pine, near Hyde
— 2, 3 and 4 rooms, with bath.; steam heat.
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness— Van
Ness, S-rm. suite; Grove, 3-rm. suite; reas.
THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan— l to 5 rooms,
overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel. Page 8168.
'ROOMS TO LET — Fqra. and TJnfarn.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN.
Corner Ellis and Leavenworth sta..
In the heart of the city.
300 rooms; 100 baths.
' . Modern in every detail.
Rates $3 to $15 per week.
Rooms, with private bath. $1 day.
Tourist travel solicited.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth St.— Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all nlgat. l
AT 'The Almonte," 873 Market St. (or No. I' 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms 25c to 00c. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 wee*; house open all night.
___ , -
AUBURN. 15— Furnished rooms.
BELMOND House, over Owl Drugstore; 2 en-
trances, 1128 Market and 21 Turk— Klectrio
lights, running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $4 week.
BURTON Hotel. 1128 Howard st.— loo rooms;
new house; modern; U 25 to $3 per week.
BUSH, 1215— Room* for gentlemen; batH; re«-
aonabte. . v . '
-
CALIFORNIA. 132»— Front naP room to tot.
CLARA. 217 — Two sunny rear rooms. nJUuron-
ning water. • >^^_
DEVISADERO. 1201— Nicely furnished, room*
to let: moderate charge. .
DORE. 28, off Folsom, near Ninth — To let, nfa*
fnrniahed room; gaa. bath; reasonable.
EDDY. 514 — Nicely furnished sunny desirable
rooms; also housekeeping rooms. . '••-*.\u25a0 i
EDDY. SOS — Large sunny front rooms; elegant-
ly furnished; private; running water; use
piano; gentlemen. . # _
ELLIS. 792 — Sunny front room; also single
room; reasonable.
FIFTH. 119— Choice furnished room* to let;
central location. \u25a0
FIFTH, 129— Furnished rooms to let at reason-
able rates^ -
FIFTH. 152 — Nice fumiahed rooms; locatioa
central; convenient. , ,
FOLSOM. 834— Sunny front room. $1 25; also
bay-window room. \u25a0 '
FOURTH. 271 — 100 rooms; all sizes and price*;
new, modern; hot and cold water. -
FREMONT. 318 — Nice hallroom to let. fur-
nished. . ~
FULTON. 78. near Larkin— Newly fnrniahed
suite In new apartment house; all conven-
iences; no s!«rn.
GALT HOUSE. 1208 Market st.— Choice rooms
by day. we«k or month; central location.
GOLDEN GATE aye..- 34 — Nicely furnished
rooms to let: reasonable charges.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 21&— Furnished rooms;
good location; reasonable.
GREENWICH. SBH3 — Furnl3hed room to let in
private family; bath and all conveniences.
GRAND Pacific Hotel. 10i4 Kearny st. — New
house; all modern conveniences; rooms by da;
35c ud: by week $2 up; open all nlzht.
GRAND SOUTHERN". 1069 Mission, cor. Sev-
enth— loo rooms; 50c night. $2 to $7 week.
HOTEL Hamilton, and cafe. 125 Ellis bet.
Powell and Mason sts., S. F.— Rooms 11 to
$3 per- day; steam heat and telephone in
• each room. ' \u25a0 \u25a0
HOWARD 713 — Rooms. 25c to $1 per day;
$1 50 to" $3 per week; reading-room, eto.
JONES, . 118 — Furnished rooms to let; conTe-
nlent. central; reasonable. - :
LEAVENWORTH, 348, The Stockton — Elegant
furnished rooms to let; all modem oonve-
nlencea: -single or en suite.
LEAVENWORTH. 382— Furnished jooma to let
at reasonable rates. _^___
LEAVTNWORTH, 408 — Nicely furnished
rooms ; all conveniences; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 411— Fine furnished room*,
single or en suite; well located.
LEXINGTON. 138 — Nlc« furnished rooms;
pleasant neighborhood;- rates reasonable.
MASON. 417 — Neatly furnished rooms; tran-
sient or by week or month; reasonable.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third «t. — 400
single and family rooms. 33c to $1 50 per
day; $2 to $3 week ; the only new and modern
hotel and roaming-house In San Francisco
* that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room, and give* free baths and el*-
vator day and night to Its gaesta.
MONTGOMERY. 718— Furnished rooms to let.
POST. 888 — Large, sunny, furnished room;
gentlemen only; references.
POWELL. 218 — Nicely furnished rooms j traa-
sient a specialty.
POWELL. 236 — Nicely furnished rooms ts^ let
by day, week or month. ; * * **' ''" '
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third «C, near How-
ard New house with modern convenienoe*;
rooms en suite and single; rates by day, 33c
up; by week. $2 up; baths free to guests.
TAYLOR, 570— Nicely furnished rooms to let
by the day, week or month.
TAYLOR, 615 — Newly fur. rooms; hot and cold
water; $10 mo. ; elegant suites; baths free.
TURK. 204^ — Nicely furnished sunny room*, $3
per, week up; quiet house. .
TWENTY-THIRD. 4043. near Castro— 2 new
sunny unfurnished room* In small private
family.. .
UNITED BTATES. 123 EdJy. near Market — 400
rooms. 35c to $t night. $1 73 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus, baggage.
WOLF House, Howard and Sixth— No b«tt*r
. transient house in city; rates reasonable; lo-
cation central. Geo. H. yon der Mehden. prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 4* 3d st.. nr. Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms.
35c to $1 50 nightly. $2 to $* week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: tree bua. baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
S Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st*.
A BRANCH office of Th« Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Op*n until 11 p." m. __^^____
," ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL MARLBOROUGH. 404 Eddy. 404— Just
opened; rooms modern, up to date, light, sun-
\u25a0 ny/atry: hair mattresses; free baths: every-
thing elegant, fres*. ctean: table unexcelled.
Rates: '. Rooms for 2 with board. $30 month
and upward: single rooms with board, $30:
everything homelike: parlor and piano for
guests; location In tn« heart of ctty. 404
Eddy st.. 404.
MAISON TENCE. 840 Oeary— Select private
boarding-house Just opened by Madam*
* \u25a0 Tence. formerly of 453 Ellis «t.; .everything
* new and the same excellence in the . home
cooked French table board will be maintained
In these fine new quarters; a few - choice
' rooms and suites are open for reservation
and . may b* obtained whh board at very
.. reasonable : rates. ' '
APHBCRY, '845. near Park— NU* sunny rooms,
.with- excellent table board, snltabl* for
: couples: •. phona.' piano, bath; tak*. Ellis, or
Halrht st. cars. ' -
CALIFORNIA, 907— Exceptionally good tab!*.
- free -'-: billiard-room. - handsome and lightly
rooms;. board and room for 2. $45 up:- single,
$22 CO up; suites. $55 up; s«« for . yourself.
DOLORES. 1000 — Nice sunny rcoms," with besi
of home . cooking. In Mission warm belt;
phone Blue 3<J3«.
HOTEL McAllister. ; 508 Van Ness aye— El«»
gant sunny suites with private bath; alsjf;
single, rooms;, fine \ table board. , -
Continued on Pa tre Fourteen.
1314
HOO»IS AXD DOARD— Continned.
BI'SH. 1735, between Gough and Octavla —
Elegant, newly furnished sur.riy rooms; run-
ning water: desirablf location; private; with
or. without board. \u25a0
OOLDEN GATE aye.. 1031— Nicely rurnished
•-corns, bath: excellent table toarJ. $20; for
two. J32 menth. - '- \u25a0 -
1! MGHT C<s. near Mai ket— Furnished rcom
ror two', with good German beard; very rea-
tor.ablc.
LAOI'XA, 16CS, corner Post — Nicely furr.Mied
- sunny rooms: with excellent beard In F:eccii
family.
WASHINGTON. 1616 — Slngl" and doubl.- fur-
nished rooms, with excellent Erench table
board, bathe, etc.; private family.
FT'LTON. 13S4 — Sunr.y rooms end board la
priv»><p family: fine location.
OEART. ISo6— Firit-class table board.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 320 — Ftirolshed rooms
with best of table board.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 120«— Sunny rooms;
gentlemen preferred.
JOHNSTON. THE. 6C5 O'Farrell— Sunny suites
and single nns.; excellent board; reference?.
JONES, 42SB— Nice sunny rooms with board
In new house; gooS location. .
MCALLISTER. 792— Nicely furniehed rooms
with board, $6 to ss.
OCTAVIA. 13C5 — N<ewly furnished rooms, ex-
cellent board; rates ?25 per mocth.
OTARKELL. 1770 — Rooms and board. _^
PINB, TflS — Pleasant fumlehed «ucay rooms;
excellent board; $25 and up-
POWELL. 502 — Room* and board.
PUCE. 101S— Nicely furniehed rooms with
board; very reasonable.
iUNNY corner room and board, 2 gentlemen;
priv.; board ret*. 607 Valencia; Church 1039.
VAN NESS aye.. SOS — Nicely fum. rooms, with
board; home cocking; rates reasonable.
VAN NDSS aye.. 550— Sunny front rooms; good
board: reasonable rates; use of par!or.
ROOMS WASTED.
ROOM wanted for a few hours' work mornings
or evening* by a young man. Address
American, box 8914. Call.
BY lady and daughter, 2 or 3 unfurn. rooms in
refined family. P. J. M.. 1071 Treat aye.
RE STA URAJVTS.
yiRST-CLASS delicatessen and restaurant for
sale. 436 Turk et.
SPECIAL AOTICKS.
A GUARANTEED cure for pttes; PETER
FREILI.N'G'S pile salve, $1 r*r box; war-
ranted to cure all cases of bleeding. Itching,
external. Internal cr protruding piles, also
tf.v'.c. without fall, no matter how long
ttanQlng. 16T>6 Devlaaflero «t.. neer Sutter.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of U. S. Surveyor General, San Fran-
cisco, California. September 27, 1905. — No-
tice is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received at this ofSce up to and in-
cluding: October 30, 1905. for running, meas-
uring i and marking, according to law and
• instruction*, the following described resur-
vcys, to wit: 15 miles of 3rd Standard line
Ccuth of S£.n Berncrdlnn Base line, S miles
of 4th StaSdard line South. 12S miles town-
ahlp lines, being part of boundaries of tps.
13 £\u0084 Rs. 11, 12, and 10 E.. tps. 14 8.. Rs.
11. 12, and ltt E.. tps. 15 S.. Rs. 11. 12. and
16 E.. and tps. 18 S.. Rs. 11, 12, and 16 E.,
all of San lier-nardlno Meridian. 1517 miles
cf eectlon lines, being the subdiylsions of
the following townships: T. 13 S.. Rs. 11.
12, 13. 14. 15, and 16 i:., T. 14 S., Ra. 11, 12,
13. 14, 15, and l« E., T. 15 E., Rs. 11. 12,
U. 14, 15. a.ic 16 E.. T. 1C S.. Rs. 11. 12, 13.
14, 15, and 16 E.. and T. 17 S.. Rs. 15 and
10 E.. S. B. M., together with the surveying
out, by metes and bounds, of bona-flde
claims of settlers in ai>ove townships, occu-
pied before July 1, l»02. amounting to 1017
inlk-5. including connections. The foregoing
will be divided into different contracts, each
Involving a liability not exceeding $Csoi for
one deputy end Jll.OOO for a firm of depu-
ties. Bids must be at stated prices per mile,
for each and all of the above classes of sur-
vey, and no bid will be considered where the
ITlces exceed $20 per mile for subdivision
and connecting lines, and boundaries of pri-
vate claims, ?23 for township and range
lints and ?^» for bsse. standard, meander
and meridian line?, and 513. $11. and $7 for
the tame classes of lines (intermediate
rates). Rates of mileage In excess of the
minimum, fy. ?7, and $5, for survey of de-
scribed lin»s, will only be allowed under
ktatutory stipulations,' as to class and char-
acter cf lands. All bids must be submitted
in duplicate, and in writing, sealed and
marked '"Proposal to execute Government
Surveys described In Notice No. 55." Propo-
sals may be left at this ofSce in person, or
ir.ck.sfil in an envelope and forwarded by
mail. Bids for the resurveys herein described
will be ol<eu<?<l on Octolx-r 30, lIKIS, and no-
tice forwarded to the successful bidder with-
in 00 days thereafter, accompanied by con-
tract providing for eald resurveys, and bend,
which must be properly executed and re-
turned to this office Immediately. Only
competent, reliable, and responsible survey-
ors will be employed, who must execute
their surveys In person, and will be required
to give bond in doubie the amount of the
liability of contract. In each instance. It
will be requlrt-d that the resurveys herein
descrlbfd be completed and returns made to
thl* office on or before June 30, 1906. Sur-
veyors may submit bids for all or part of
these resurveys, but this office will limit
'• encb deputy to such an amount of work as
can be properly completed r.-ithin the time
tpeclfled. The right is reserved by this
office to reject any, and all bids, and no
contracts will be binding on the part of the
T'nlt^d States, until approved by the Com-
*niaeloner of the General Land Office. W. S.
GRAHAM, D. S. Surveyor General for Cali-
fornia.
INVITATION for Bids for Bullcinc Work.—
Notice t hereby given that scaled bids will
be received at 16 South Hall. Berkeley. Cal.,-
on or before 5 p. m.. October 31. 1995. for
windows and doors fcr the president's houfe;
separate bids also for carpentry work. otc.
for the Interior furnishings for California
Hall: separate bids also for the buildings fci
the Forestry Experiment Station at Santa
Monica. Plans and specifications arc on nl«
et said offlct. except pans and specification-*
for the work at Santa Monica, which may be
%<\u25a0' -a at the Foreotry Experiment Str.tion
at Santa Monica. No bids will be considered
unlese accompanied by a certified check or
bond in favor of the undersigned, equal t»
10 per cent of the bid. with sufficient sure-
ties conditioned that If the bids be accepted
th*' bidder will enter into a contract fa'th-
ful!y to perform the obligations in accordance
with said bids and with said plans and speci-
fications. The right to relect any or all bids
15 hereby reserved. The Regents of the Uni-
verrity of California. ,
CARDS AAT> KVVITATIOX9.
Cngraved wedding Invitations, visiting & busi-
ness cards, creels, etc.; high-class work; nod- ;
crate rates. J. H. Duncan, 126 Kcarny, rs. 1-2. :
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The fo'icwtag marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Jamee A. Rlley, 21. 2751 Howard street, and
Catherine F. Layton. 2L 87 Brosnan street.
Eamuel Mann, 2S, 1121 McAllister street, and
•vole 1> Miller. 25, 1118 Turk street.
Walter J. Hcrrirr.an, 21, 21 Preclta avenue,
aad Marsraret F. Mlley, 16. 621 Glrard street.
Charles A. Merrill, 2T>, Santa Cruz, acd Anna
K. M«hhennett, 24, Santa Cruz.
Edward A. Hassan, 21, 939 Bush street, and
ICarie E. Church, IS, 939 Bush street.
Walter L. Blakeslee, 27. 1602 Sixteenth ave-
nue South, and Eva L. Marehu.ll, 19, 504 Bran-
r.an street.
Peter J. Cannon, 25, 121 Ninth etreet, and
'Julia Hunt. 19. 719 Larkin street.
Jean Plat, M. 25 Arlington street, and Lucia
Kllmascheftki, 3S, 25 Arlington street.
Manual S. Amaral, 25. C 5 Jackson street,
and Izabel Fon»eca, 21, €3 Jackson etreet.
William H. Ellison. 27. Linden, and Eliza-
beth Cooksley, 26. Washington, D. C.
Otto Bnumgarten. 52, city, and Maria Ber-
Ker. 34, Morse Landing.
James J. Andrada. 'JZ. Lee Ancties. and Ma-
rion 1.. Smith. 19, Oibi. Mlfk.
I>iFlle W. Ma!«on, 23. 13«.t> Jargon street,
snd Minerva M. Hirsch, 27. 3223 Broad "street.
- Maroeilln Nowaux, 2<"\. 277 Clementina St.,
and Sidome Bcnnemnff'V, £0. JGIU O'Farrell et
William Mulvlhlll. "4. 7IV» Hayes etrtet, and
l>elia M Lydon. 19. KCS Clayton EjreeL
Charles I>. Rhodee. 48, 4:-sa Oak street and
Gertrude H. Tuttle, 38. Boston.-
Henry 6- Bailey. 27. 1127 Silver avenue, and
Grace T. Andrew*. 24, Et. Louis. Mo.
KIUv Auknist. 28. 915 4 Market street, and
i;iir.e Wad. 26. 491 Fourth street.
Jxniigi Bertolene. 26. 12 Ohio place, and T«-
r*sa Sanrulnetti, 19. 1328 Ihjpotit street.
Mariciß E. Dowell. 21. 506 Clayton street,
and Ella »I. Barrett. 21, 247 Eleventh street.
WJlliatn L. Skinner. 21, Reward, and Char-
lotte Butler, 21. 237 Broderick street.
Jaen Olvmnl. 36. «M 3 Broadway, and Anna
CaEarnayow, 25. 643 Broadway.
James B. Rlren, 34. 1040 Sanchez street, and
Christine S. W. SI vert. 23. 237/ Van Ness aye.
Nlckalas Huculak, 22, i'lVi Clara street, and
Myckallna Sotocka, 18, 24% Clara street.
Kmil F- Rucb, 23. \d\'i Moss street, and
6tefle H. Wondra, 23. 16»A Moss street.
Jacob Dreyfous, 36. city, and Mary Alme.
22, city. . .
Thomas B. Bailey. 23. Mendota, and.Mariaa
H. Fellows, 2S, CSS Fell street.
J&mcfi E. O'Brien, 24, city, and Theresc E.
Repp. 18, city. - j
BIBTHS-MARKIAGES-EEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and ' residence o? per-,
sons authorized to have the came published.
Notices restricted Rlmply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
fr«*e o* charce. • - - • * -\u25a0 -
noßx.
BLAPINGAME— In thl« city, October 12. 1905,
to the wife of William O. BlaslnKame. a
! daughter.
! FITZMAURICE— In Vallejo, Cal.; October 23,
1905. to the wife of Frank T. Fitzmaurice
<fcrmcrly Reta Ward), a son.
I KOKNIGHEIM— In this city, October 14, 1005,
to the wife of Albert Kcenfgheim (nee Getz),
: :< son.
\u25a0 LHINER-In this city, September 21. 1900,
; to the wife of George Lehner. a daughter.
j \u25a0 —
MARRIED.
DLfNTON— CHRISTENSEN— In this city, Oc-
\u25a0 tobcr 21, 1906, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
.lohn SKerman Blunton and Jcsephlne W.
Chrlsiensen. *
CASEY— ROBERTSON— In Elmhurst. Cal., Oc-
tober 21. 1905, at the Presbyterian Church,'
by the Rev. E. E. Clark. James Casey and
lsabelle Brown Robertson.
FIRTH— NIXON— In Yreka, Cal.. October 18.
1905. by the Rev. W. E. O'Brien, rector of St.
Mark's Episcopal Church. James Kirk Firth
of San Francisco and Grace E. Nixon of
Yreka. v
HANTSCHE— KESSEL— In th!» city. October
14, 1905. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal, Max
Hantsche and Emllle Kessel, both of this
city.
HOFMANN— BELEW— In this city, October 17,
1905, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Otto Her-
mann and Grace Marie Belew. '
LTTSCOMBE— LOHMETER— In San Leandro.
Cal.. October 21. 1905, by the Rev. H. A.
Luckenbach, William Thomas Luecombe and
Laura Caroline Lohmeyer, both of this city.
MEIER— GRIFFITHS— In this city. October
g. 1005. by the Rev G. C. Adams (First
Congregational Church). William D. Meier
and Mary E. Griffiths, both of this city.
PELTON— MAES— In this city, October 22,
1905, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal, Charles
H. Pelton and Ida E. Mas?, both of this city.
WOLFE-r-HOFINGHOFF— In this city. Octo-
ber 19. 1905, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling.
. John R. Wolfe of Seaton. Fresno County,
Cal., and Virginia Wllhelmlne Hoflnghoff.
DIED.
Baldwin, Joslah 11. ,78 Johnson, W. J.. 69
Borriil, John, 71 Lakenan. Jas. 11., 72
Braver. John W.. 76 Lewis, Julia, 22
Brown. David. JS McMillan, Angus, 52
Brumund, Mabel, 12 McNamara, The*., 28
Bruns, Maria. 60 Miller, Edward T., 23
Carlisle, George, 73 Nugent, Rev. Denis
Coogle, Agnes, 49 Owens, Harry M., 28
Crawford, 8. J., es Parkinson, Mary A-,46
Crosthwaite, Geo.. 52 Planz. Ida M.. '30
Davis. Sadie. 25 Powers, Matthew, 65
Donovan, John J..27 Reid, Sadie, 4 moo.
Elhr.an. August VT.,57 Rodgers, John, 71
Finn. Mary, to Rourke, Mrs. M.A., 67
Gartnortve, Margaret, 42 Sanfeliz, Justo, 80
Gaynor, Hannah. 70 Steffanl. Faollna. 51
Guthrie, John 8., 87 Sullivan, Annie F.
Harvey. John W.. 67 Wilson, Wm. W., S4
Ingallc, Laura, 34 Yonnklns, Ernest J., 4
Ivor}'. Ellen, 80 Zaro, Domina, S3
Jackson, Thomas, 7
BALDWIN— In this ,dty, October 22, 1905.
Jcsiah Murray Baldwin, father of Edward
L. Baldwin and Mrs. May I. Walkley, a
native of YounKstowa. Ohio, aged 78 years
and 5 months.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), October 24, at 3 p. m., from 1718
FeM street. In«rment Drivate. -\u25a0»,
BORRILL— In the City and County Hospital,
October 23, 1905, John Borrlll. a native of
Massachusetts, aged 71 years.
BRAUER— In this city, October 22, 1905. John
W. Braver. a native of Germany, aged 76
years 3 montbs and 1 day.
BROWN— In this city, October 21. 1905,
David, beloved husband of Annie Brown,
and father of Florence, Albert and Harry
Brown, a native of Ireland, aged 5S years
and S months.
CT Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Myrtle Lodge No. 42, A. O. U. W.,
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
services to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock
p. m., at the chapel at 1. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery, under the auspices of Golden Gate
Camp No. 64, W. O. W.
BRUMUND— In this city, October 23, 1905,
Mabel Brumund, dearly beloved daughter of
John and Charlotte Brumund. and slater of
Ada. .Ruth, Ethel and Frank Brumund, a
native of California, aged 12 years.
BRUNS — In this city, Octobsr 23, 1005, at her
residence, 2993 Sixteenth street, Maria, be-
loved wife of Jphn H. Bruns, dearly beloved
mother cf John 11. Bruns Jr., and sister of
D. Benecke, a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged CO years 3 months and 16 days.
CyNoilce of funeral hereafter.
CARLISLE — In this city, October 23, 1905,
George Carlisle, a native of New Ycrk» aged
73 y»»rs and 6 months. A member of the
Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Association.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 p. .m., from the parlors of
McFadden. Mcßrearty Sc* Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Cremation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery at 3:15
P. m.
Officers and members of the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association will pleaser as-
semble at the hall on Wednesday, October
25, at 1 p. m., to attend the funeral of our
late brother, George Carlisle. By order
STEPHEN BUNNER. President.
J. J. McMAHON. Recording Secretary.
COOGLE— In this city. October 22. 1905,
Agnes, beloved wife of Walter J. Coogle,
and mother of Harriet. Margaret, Joseph,
Walter and Robert Coojtle, a native of New
York, acd 49 years. (St. Louis, Mo., pa-
persplease cod>\)
E7 1 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
8:15 a. m., from her late residence, 125 .Le
Roy place, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral.
Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell street, where
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 a. in. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
CRAWFORD— In this city, October 22, 1905,
Eamuel X.. beloved husband of Ann Craw-
ford, and devoted --father of Andrew J.,
Samuel E.. Eethtr A. and Robert A. Craw-
ford and Mrs. J. T. Hogan, a native of Ire-
land, aged 68 years 6 months and 2S days.
(New York papers please copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . to-day
(Tuesday), October 24, at 8:30 a. m., from
his late residence-, 927 Church street, be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second,
thence to St. James Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated fcr the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROSTHWAITE— In Oakland, Cfcl.. October 22,
1005, at his residence, 954 Arlington avenue,
George, beloved \u25a0 husband of Elizabeth
Crosthwaite, father of George, Anita, Leora,
Rena, Norma, Arthur, Mona and Murice
Crosthwaite, and brother of Michael, John
and Isaac Crosthwaite, a native of England,
aged 52 years 2 months and 22 days. A mem-
ber of Barnaby 4 Lodge, Sons of St. George,
San Francisco. Cal.
|E7"AII members of Barnaby Lodge. Sons of
St. George, San Francisco, and friends and
acquaintances, are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services on Wednesday,
October 25, at 9:30 o'clock a. m., at St.
Columba's Church, San Pablo avenue, Oak-
land. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city. October 22, 1905. Sadie,
beloved daughter of David and Rachel Davis,
and beloved sister of Jennie Davis and Mrs.
Joseph Maenin and Emanuel Davis, a -na-
tive of San Francisco, Cal., wd 25 years
4 month s and 17 days. (New 'York Daoers
please copy.)
(TTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), October 24, at 10 o'clock a.. m.,
from the residence of her nannts, 1423
Golden Gate avenue. Interment New Salem
Cemetery, by 11 :30 o'clock a. "m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
DONOVAN— In this city, October 23, 1905, a
the renldence. 703 Natoma street, John J.,
beloved son of the late Murty and Catherine
Donovan, brother of the late David, Ed-
ward and Hutch Donovan, nephew -. of
Mrs. Mary Lilllce, and cousin of Mrs. Eliza-
beth Kelley and Mrs. Andrew Brady, a na-
tive of California, aged 27 years.
ELLMAN— In this city, October 23, : 1906, Au-
ruet W. Ellman. a native of Sweden, aged
57 years.
FINN— In this city. October 22. 1903, at St.
Joseph's Hospital, late of 137 Tehama street,
TELEPHONE MAIN. 43.
N.GRAY&eO.inc
FUXERAL DIRECTORS.
Cyrus S. Wright, president; Geo. H. Clark,
vice president; Al P. Booth, treasurer;, Harold
L. Wright, secretary.
Cl 2-614 VAJV.XESS AVENUE.
Between Golden Gate avenue and Turk street,'
SAN" FRANCISCO. CAL.
Plot 1 In City CematazlM
.Takes ta Part Payment
I . fox Plots ta. ......
j CYPRESS LAWH CEMETERY
1504 MARKET STREET
Or at Cemetery.
IMcAvoy,O!Hara&C6.|
. KIiAERAi; DIRECTORS. , I
\u25a0 Removed to Their New Parlors, f
£61-271 BATES 6?., opp. ST. WHATICS CSJJRCH j
/Lady Assistants. Telephone South 247. .).
James McGinn. ' Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN '& CO.,
Formerly With : McGinn Bros.
;'• Funeral- Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy st. Tel. East 80.
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. OCTOBER 24, 1005.
Mary, widow.. of the 'late John: Finn, -and
.. mother of George *H. and James -T.F inn, a
native of County Cork, . Ireland, . aged P9
-years. \u25a0- -.-, . '\u25a0 \u25a0 - ..--- •' . -. \u25a0. =
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock a. m., from the
parlors of J. t C O'Connor & Co.. : 767 Mis-
sion street, thence 'to St. Patrick's 1 Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-,
brated for. the repose of her. soul at :9 a.m.
- Interment Holy , Cross Cemetery.
GARTHORNE— In this " city October 21, 1800.
Margaret A. Garthorne, wife of the late
Robert Garthorne a native of Kansas, - aged
-42 year«. \u25a0 " . -. • \u25a0 * -- - - .
ETThe funeral sen-Ices will be heH
Tuesday, . October 24, at 1:30 o'clock p.: m.,'
at the parlors of the California Undertaking-
Company, 713 Post strett. Funeral and in-
terment strictly private. ;• Remains at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany. '
GAYNOR— In the City and County Hospital,
October 23, 1906, Hannah Gaynor. a native
of Ireland, a«ed 70 years.' ,•
GUTHRIE— In this city, . October 21. 10C5,
John 8., beloved brother of James F. and
Mortimer Guthrie and Mrs. John J. Harring-
ton, a native of New Jersey, aged 37 yean
11 months and 10 days. A member of Metal
Polishers'. Buffers' and Platers' Union, Local
No. :as. -. \u25a0 \u25a0
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), October 24, at 9:30 a. m.. from
the parlors. of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh \u25a0 and Eighth,
thence to St. .* Joseph's ' Church : for : services
at 10 a. *m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARVEY— In this city, October 22, 1005,' John
W. Harvey, beloved husband of Eleanor Har-
vey, and .brother-in-law of Mrs. J. Selter,
a native of England, aged 57 years 7 months
and 23 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), October 23, at 10:30
, o'clock a. m., at his lata residence, 3276
Twenty-fourth street.- near Mission. Mem-
bers of Monteruma Tribe No. 77, Imp. Order
of Red Men, please take notice. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
INGALLS— In this city, October 21. 1905,
Laura May Ingalls (nee Conway), loving wits-
of Walttr S. Ingalls, and mother of Marlain
Ingalls, and beloved \u25a0 daughter of the • late
Mary E. Conway, and cUter of Frederick R.
Conway, a native of San Francisco, aged
St years 4 months and 2U days.
C" Friend a and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 24, at 8:30 o'clock a, m., from- her
late residence. 30 Lynch street, thence to St.
Brlgid's Church, Van Xest avenue and
Broadway, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 a. m. ' Interment
Holy Crocs Cemetery. -
IVORY— In this city, October 23. 1005, Ellen,
beloved wife of the late John Ivory, and
mother of Thomas Ivory, Mrs. D. -Hum-
phrey and Mrs. M. Murnane, a native . of
County Wextord, Ireland, aged SO years.
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Henry J. Gallagher Company, 20
Fifth street, thence to St. itose's Church for
cervices at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
JACKSON— In this city, October 23. 1905. .
Thomas, beloved eon of Maggie and the late
Thomas W. Jackson, a native of Tuolumne
County, Cal., ag«i 7 years. \u25a0 (Tuolumne,
Calaveras and Uklah papers please copy.)
CTTrlends and acquaintances are resp«ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock a. m.. from
the family residence, 519 Lyon street.- In-,
torment private.
JOHNSON— In this city, October 20, 1905. ' W.
J. Johnson, a native -of England, aged CO
years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), October 24. at 1:30 o'clock
p m., from, the mortuary chapel of James
Hasan & Co., 49-51 Duboce avenue (formerly.
Thirteenth street), near Valencia street, un-
der the ausolces of Burnaby Lodge No. 194,
Order Sons of St. George. Intfiment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. ' \u25a0= ;-\u25a0";. •
LAKENAN— In this city, October 23, 1905,
Janus M.. beloved husband of Hannah Lake-
nan, and father of C. B. and Es tell Lake-
nan and Mrs. W. K. Guthrie, a native of
St. Louis, Ho., aged 72 years.
CTTrlends are resDectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wed-
nesday), at 11 a. . m., from the residence of
Rev. W. K. Guthrie. 2353 Pacific avenue.
Interment jrivate.
LEWIS— In this city, October 28l» 1905, at her
. residence, 144 Stelner street/rjulla, loving
sister of Joseph F., M., R. T., J. A.. Wil-
liam, Frank and Annie Lewis and Mrs. Clara
Rodgers, a native of Hayward, Cal., aged
22 years and 10 months.
MCMILLAN— In this city. October 22, 1905,
Angus, beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet McMillan, and beloved father of Mrs.
F. J. Oster, Mrs. L. Young and the late
Daniel McMillan, a native of Scotland, aged
52 years and 10 months. • .
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), October 25, at 10 o'clock arm.;
from the new funeral chapel of Theodor
Dierks, 432 Golden Gate - avenue, between
Larkln and Polk streets, and thence to St.
Boniface's Church, on Golden Gate avenue,'
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
McNAMARA — In Blsbee, Arirona. October 19,
1905, Thomas McNamara, - beloved husband
of Bertha McNamara and father: of Thomas,
beloved ! son of Ann and the late Hugh Mc-
Namara, brother of Mrs. N. Trother, Mrs.
Ella Hainey and Hugh, Florence and Emma
Koady and the late Nana McNamara, and
nephew of Mrs. R. Slattery and Michael Mc-
Namara, a native of - South San Francisco,
Cal., aged 29 years. ' . --
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend theMuneral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the
funeral parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214
Eddy street, thence to St. Brigld's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his boul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a.\m., thence to
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets, via elec-
tric car. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city October 23. 1905, at
the Southern Pacific Railroad Hospital, Ed-
ward Trask Miller, beloved and only son of
'William H. and Eliza C. Miller, a native of
San Francisco, Cal., aged 23 years 4 months
23 days. \u25a0
NUGENT— The second anniversary requiem
high mass for the repose of the soul of .the
Rev. Denis Nugent, late pastor of St. Rose' 9
Church, will be celebrated at St. Rose's
Church. Brannan street, between Fourth and
Fifth, to-day (Tuesday), at 10 a. m. The rev-
erend clergy, sisters, parishioners and friends
. are respectfully invited to attend.
OWENS — In Loa Angeles, Cal., . October 20,
1905, Harry Martin Owens, dearly beloved
husband of Bertha' Ov/cns, and . beloved son
of John E. and Katie Owene, and brother uf
Mrs. Albert Castro, . Gertrude F. and . the
late John E. Owens Jr.; a native of ' San
Francisco, Cal'., aged 28 years and 11
months. A member of San Francisco Police
Department. . ' . _ .
\u25a0 C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from. the resi-
dence of his parents. 1315 Point' Lobos ave-
nue, .between Second \ and Third - avenues,"
thence to Star, of the Sea Church, Point
Lobos and Eighth avenues, , where a' requiem
high mass will be , celebrated for the repo -o
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. in-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. . ,
PARKINSON — In this city," October 23, 1005,
Mary A., dearly beloved wife :of ..Thomas
Parkinson, mother of Mamie and Rose Park-
inson, "sister of Thomas, James and Joseph
McWilllams, and niece of Mrs. Rosanna Bald-
win, a native of Montreal, Canada, aged 46
years. . . '\u25a0 "- ... ;" . ..-: \u0084- .
PLANZ-^n this city, October 22. 1905. " Ida
M., dearly beloved wife of . Theodore Planz,
beloved - daughter of '.William • and the late
Pauline . Schulz, , and sister ?of Mrs. D. W.
Wilds, a native of Virginia City, Nev., aged
30 years 6 months and G days. ,
ICTFrlends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
etreet. between Seventh and Eighth. Crema-
tion I. 0.0. F. Cemetery.-; - . ' >
.POWERS— In Santa Rosa, Cal., October 20,
1905, Matthew Powers, beloved uncle of Peter
Powers, a', native of County. Wexford, 'Ire-
land, aeed 65 years. (Marln County papers
please \u25a0 copy.) ...'-;• '\u25a0 -', \u25a0 • \u25a0' \u25a0
' (CTTrlends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
mornlnK. October 26,\ on arrvlal of the . 8
o'clock a.- m. ; train from Santa Rosa, due in
San Francisco at 10:15 o'clock a, ,m. \u25a0 Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. : . ,•
REID — In this city, October \u25a0 23, 1905, Sadie,
- beloved and Infant; daughter of Vincent and
May Reid, a native <of •• San Francisco,; Cal.,
aped 4 "months and 14 days. --i •
C7The : funeral -. will take place -Wednes-
day, October 25, at 1 o'clock- p. m.; from
the residence of her parents, 7 Morris avenue.
Interment nrlvate." " . . <\u25a0«•..
RODGERS— In this" city, October 21, 1005 \u25a0
John Rodgers, beloved < husband -of \u25a0 the late
Mary Rodgers, and dearly .'beloved 'father of
. Mrs. Thomas . Finn,' Mrs. John E." Eberle, Mrg.
William McClellan.i Mrs.; Joseph .Flanery and
> Joseph ' Rodgers, -and : brother of : ; Edward - A."
Rodgers -\u25a0 of * Martinez/-;- a\u25a0; native '; of -.. County
Tyrone, Ireland, aged : 71 years and 4 months.
(Sonora and ..Tuolumne, Cal.,. papers please
co:\v.)
E7Frlend« and acquaintances : are • respect-
fully invited to. attend ; ; the; funeral ' to-day
(Tuesday), at 8 :30 o'clock : a. i m., ; from < the
residence > of ; his ; son-in-law, • Joseph . Flanery
1415 =\u25a0 San , Bruno ; avenue, » near » 'l'wenty-flfth
Btrefet,; thence to ; St. ; Peter's ? Church, Ala-
H bama etreet, near where a
" " requiem high '-. mass ' will ; be celebrated ! for the
repose •of - hjs k soul. ; commencing : at . 9 a. m -
Interment! Holy; Cross. Cemetery.
ROURKE— In FTultvale,' Cal.; October 23, 1905 '
Mra.Mary Ann Rourke, beloved .wife of Patl
- \u25a0 rick ' Rourke, . and , mother.' of > Rev." Joseph i G\u25a0•
. Rourke. : a native j of ; Bandon,', County • Cork!
• Ireland, aged 67 years 4 months and. ll days --
C7The ': interment s will * take ' place >at t Do-
mtnlcan Cemetery.; Benicla.^ from .51 St. .', Pom-
; CEMETERY IPLOTS .;;"'
In ' Odd : Fellows' ,' a ndi Masonic /Cemeteries can
\u25a0' be exchanged for. Plots in ; . -
":%MOUJVTfOLiyET_/; ;{
For : particulars . apply; at . City •\u25a0 Office, " «'.';.
GRANT BLDG., MARKET/ & SEVENTH . STS.
v\u25a0 \u25a0 Inic's . Church. . where a . requiem , high . mass
v.ill be celebrated on the arrival of.the-traln
'-.":lpQVli!ff, San > Francisco at 8 a. m. . :
SANFELIZ^-In this .city. - October .23, , ISOS,
- at." hia : residence,. 355 .First street. Juato
; Sanfellz, beloved father" 1 of- B. and; William
Sanfellz,, a native of Asturlas, Sualn,- aged
80 years 2 months and 14 days. • \,
STEFFANI— In this city?- October 22. ; 19C5, :
Paclina StetTant, • beloved - wife of the late
. ' Henrico Steffanl, \u25a0 and dearly beloved 1 mother"
\u25a0\u25a0 of. Mrs. William. Bosia, a native of Canton;
>: Picino, Switzerland, aged , 61 • years 6 months
and -118 ; days. \u25a0 .: ',-' • - --•'.»•;_.
C7Friends and acquaintancee are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), Octobefs2l, at 10:30 o'clock a. m., j
• from -her- late residence,- 2053 ' Bush street/ 1
and thence to Notre Dame dcs Victolren, . on
Bunh atreet; -between \u25a0 Grant avenue and
Stockton street. ' whore a , solemn requiem
ma^' will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 11 o'clo<'k"a. m.',; sharp.'
Interment Holy Cross : Cemetery. . •.-.
SULLIVAN— In this city. 21, ; 1905."
. Annie F.,:wlfe of the late John D. Sullivan.
and mother of John. Lulu. Kathryn, Mac,
-; Lillian and William Sullivan, and slater of
\u25a0 Hannah and- Catherine Curley. a native of
County \u25a0" Galway, Ireland*.
. CTThe funtral will, take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:15 a. m.,: from her late resi-
dence. 1069 Capp street, thence. to St.-Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will 00
celebrated for the repose of' her 'soul, com-
mencing: at 9:^3. o'clock. Interment Holy
Cros3 Cemeterj'. I |
•WILSON^In this city. October 23. 1905, Wil-
• Ham W., dearly- beloved 'son of James M.'
and Lucy E. Wilson. . brother •of Emma J.
West, and uncle -of Arthur E. West, a na-
tive of Kansas, aged 34 years 3 months and
; 1 day. A member of San Francisco \u25a0\u25a0 Typo- .
- Erajihlcal .Union ' No. 21. '-.-"
-,:.-.- (t?"Friends and acquaintances are reppect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, October 25. at 10:30 o'clock a. m.,' from
his : late residence. " 105." Folsom street, \u25a0 be-
tween Sixth and Seventh. • th-ence by tram at
Third and Townsend streets at 11 :30 o clock.
' Interment I. 0.0. F. Cemetery.
YONNKINS— In Dawson, May 31. 1905, Erneet
J. Yonnklns, beloved son of James 8.- and
Clara 'Yonnklns, a native of Dawson, Y. T.,
aged 4 years 7-months and>lB days.. _
IG-Interment ' will \u25a0 take place at New Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at the mor :
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate -Undertak-
ing Comnany. 24T5 Mission street; near
Twenty-first, untir Wednesday, October 20.
1:30 a. m.
ZARO— lnthls city, October 22. 1005. Domina
Zaro. dearly beloved wife of Marco^ Zaro,
and mother of Mrs. Charles Micich and
Peter • George 1 and Hortense Zaro, and sister
of Mrs Frank Zambllch of Santa Cruz, a
native of Dalmazla, Brazza, Bobovlche, «.us-
trla, aged 53 years 4 months and 11 days.
(Santa Cruz. and Santa Clara County pacere
please copy.) \u25a0 '.-\u25a0' • ."
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). October 24., at 10 o clock a.m..
from her late residence. 744 Central avenue.,
near McAllister etreet, thence to the Church
of Nativity, on Fell street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, comme-nclnß at 10:30 ; o clock
sharp. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY,
-"•-..' San Mateo County. \u25a0 \
MASONIC CEJIETEKY ASSOCIATION,
- 556 Jamee > Flood Building. S.F.,'
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Pasre Fifteen.
ICO Belcher 32| 1000 Overman ... . 12
100 Best & 851..l CO; 100 Potosl ....... 16
SCO Con Va M...1 90; 200 Sierra Ney .. 24
100 C Va '-'M, 530.1 SSJ 300 Sierra Nev .. 35
100 C Va M.W0.1 90| 200 Silver Hill .. 93
100 Crown Point. 00! 300 Union Con .. 54
100 Exchequer .. 54J 200 Yellow Jacket 23
' * CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Afk.l Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....... 11 12 Gould & Cur. 26 23
Alta ........ 03 Cs|Hale & Norcl 15 125
Andes 29 311 Julia 07 08
Belcher.. 31 32| Justice 03 04
Beat & Bel.. 165 1 60! Kentuck 02 03
Bruns Chollar 01 — Lady Wash... 02 04
Bruns C Va. 02 — Mexican \u0084...1 35 140
Bruns G& C 01 —Occidental ... 87 90
Bruns Potoei. 01 — Ophir .5 87% 6CO
Bruns Savage 01 — Ophir-Bruns./ 08 10
Bullion "39 48: Overman .... 11 13
Caledonia ... 45 47|Potosi 16 18
Challenge ... 14 ldSavage ..52 .54
Chollar ..... 16 18] Scorpion 14 :16
Confidence . . 75 So| Seg , Belcher. . Ol 05
Con Va M...1 90 1 95|Slerra Nev .. 35 37
Con Imperial 01 02| Silver Hill . . 92 04
Con NY.... 01 \u25a0OH [Union. Con .. 53 65
Crown Point. 09 -10, Utah ..05 06
E Sierra. Ntev —*C 5 St Louis .... 06 —
Eureka C0n.. 2 00 2 5:5 Syndicate ..... 11 .—
Exchequer . . 53 " ' 65 Yellow Jacket 23 24
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Seeslon.
800 Adams ...... 05 1000 Jumbo Ex ... 21
4000 Adama 04 3COO Kendall, b 30 20 s
COO Atlanta, « 10. 11 5000 Kendall «y6. 20
1000 Blue Bull ... 07 3300 Kendall ..... 20
2000 Blue Bull ... 08 5000 L Harris; b9O 03
100 Bullfg N Bk 15 1000 Mont Bullfrog 02
1000 Bullfg N Bk 14 300 Mont Ton ...2 35
400 Cent Eureka,. l 46 3000 Nev Gldfld.ss. 24
COO Den Bullfrog 20 1500 Nev Goldfleld. 23
200 Forest City.. 31 3600 North Star... 46
300 Gold Anchor. 87|100O N Star,: b 90 43
2000 Gold Bar ... 82[ 500 Ohio Ton . . . . 24
5000 Home ..... . . 08 8000 St " Iv<« ..... 14
1900 Jumbo, s 10. 74 100 Ton Belmont..l 40
ICKX> Jumbo M Co. 75 100 Ton Mdway.l 37%
2000 Jumbo M, b9O 77 200 West End ... 95
100 Jumbo EX . '.',*: 25
Afternoon Session.
1000 Blue Bull ... 071 400 Kawlch M Co 10
COO Boston Ton.. 11| 200 Kendall ...... 21
COO Bullfrog Com 00 j 1000 May Queen... 16
500 Bullfrog Mm 50. 500 Mohawk 14
1500 Blfg NBk.bOO IC| 200 Mont T0n... 2 82%
1000 Blfg NBk.b3l) 15| 450 Mont Ton .7.2 30
400 Den Bullfrog 2S 1300 North Star. .. 46
3000 Dmd B Butte 20 2000 N Star, b 90. 49
500 Dixie ....... 10 300 Ohio Ton .... 25
500 Eclipse ..... 88 500 Red Top . 62
1000 Eclipse ..... 89 1000 Rocco Hmstk. 82
100 Forest City.. 31 400 Ton Belmont.. l 40
200 Gold Anchor^ 85 2000 Home Con. b9O C 9
200 Jim Butler.. 62 150 Ton Midway..l 40
1000 Jumbo Ex.slo \u25a0 21 '*\u25a0•
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
'* ». Tonopah District. -
" Bld.Ask. - Bld.Ask.
Belmont . ...1 40 1t42l t 42 Lucky Tom .. — 05
Belmont Ex.. 12 MacNamara.. 31 , 33
Boston Ton.. 11 14|Midway .....1 87 .Vi0
Brgr's JB Ex 10' Mlzpah Ex . . 11 , 18
California ... 05 07 Mont Ton .. .2 27 230
Cash Boy .. 14 16 Mon Pttsburg — 18
Colehan .\u25a0 -r 10 Monitor ..... 02 03
Eula Con ... — 17 N V Ton Con 15 17
Gold \u25a0 Anchor. 85 Bt< North Star. . . 45 *46
Golden Gate. — OSj Ohio Ton .... 23 26
Gold Mt;.. .. 11 12 Red Rock E!x — 13
Gold Mt,Con — 01 Rescue 06 08
Great Westrn 02 03 Ton Exten ..6 87 612
Ind Tonopah." — 01 Ton Hme Con -05 OT
Home •::.-. ... 08 09J TonSlv & Gld -IB ;—
Jim Butler.. 62 64 Ton of Nev.l2'7s 18 00
J Butler EJx. — IT Virginia ..... 10 —
Little Ton ..2 00 250 West End ... 82 80
Goldfltld District.
Adam* ...... 04 :05 Great. Bend . . — Ofl
Atlanta 09 11 Highland..... — 20
Aurora ..... 06 09 Jumbo M : Co. 75 77
Black Ants.. — ' 01 Jumbo Ex ... 20 21
Black Butte. 16 20 Juno .:....... — Ol
Blk Btte E«. — 02 Kendall' ..... M 22
Black Rock.. — 02 Kendall EX.. — 02
Blue Bell ... 04 . 05 Lone Star ... OT 08
Blue Bull ..;. 07 09 Lucky Star .'. —.04
Brooklyn ... 01 021 May Queen .. 16 . 17
Btie Gldfleld 38 .; — I Mohawk '\u25a0. .... '14 —
Bull & Bear. . 02 -J 08 Nevada Boy.". 1» IB
Booth M Co. 05 — Nev Gold field. 84 '\u25a0 " '—
COD ..... 40 60 Nev Southern. — 11
Columbia ... 16 — Oakes .........— 10
Columbia Mt ;14 Oakland .....— 10
Conqueror . . 13 15 Oro v . . . . ... ... — 06
Diamond;...; : — ," 15 Pennsylvania." 01 .02
Diamondfleld. 23 24 Red , Li0n , . ... 02 _ -1 03
Dmdfld - Trngl — 10 PoUatch . /. . . 08
Dominion ... — 00 Red .Top r. . . .-; 61 63
Dixitj ....... 08 11 Red Top Ex. 01 03
Empire ..... 03 00 San-dstorm . . .45 50
Exploitation. — . 01 Sandstorm Eht 07 .10
Fawn ....... 05 ' — Sherman ;...:•" — ' -~'\ 2s
Florence ....2 50 400 Silver Pick .. OT 09
Frisco . . '..". . — OS Simmerone \u25a0 .'. —'\u25a0 20
Gold Dust • . . — 07 St ; Ives ..... 13 14
Gold Hill ... — 04 Treasure .. . . . .'. 04 —
• Goldfleld Mln. 57 59 Verde ...;... — 03
Gld& GReed — lOVerr.al ....... 0* C 6
Gldfld Rand. 05 C6{ Wonder ..... — ,02
Goldfleld Ton ' — ' -..-. 051 gg^gefegEMBBSBMB
Bullfrog. District.-- *
Amargosa .".'• — 08 Gold' Bar ..... 32 . 86
Amethyst ... — 16 Gldfld Bullfrg - — :;." 10
Big , Bullfrog.' 12 „. — \u25a0 Llge"' Harris ;.'.' o2 '03
Bonnie Clare "65 ' — Mont Bullfrog s- 02 ' \u25a003
Bullfrog Mm 47 49 Orig • Bullfrog. 20 '23
Bullfrog -Anx 02 \u0084 04 Pilot^.^-. ....:; 20 —
Bullfrog Com 06 . — Red Dog J . . . . — 06
Bullfrog Bx.: 33 '-. — San Francisco -17 "19
Blfrg -Bundle 0« 10 Shoshone ;. . . . — 10
Blfrg Uumper , 10 — Shoshnß'Gld — •-. 25
' Bullfg ' N Bk 14 15 Stelnway: .....— 15
< Den v Bullfrog 27 : 29} Ventura . . . .'. 11 13
Dn Blfg 'Anx' 07 -lOi Vista * Grande.— ".'.".os
Eclipse i :.'..".« 38 3'J| Wolverine. ..."'.OS • 10
Other Districts.
Brown Hope, — 14 Paymaster ' 01 /02
• Congress .... ;;. IB -.. \u25a0i — Ray &O' Brten ,06 '07
Esperanza;.. — 01 Rocco;llmstk." 81. ,82
Gold"Reer'M r 15— Rothwoll <\ ". -.:' -r- ' 26
\u25a0 Gold *- Quartz. : 32" : — Sllver.wPeak.".' \u25a0•— - '.17
! Kawlch : & ' B. •— \u25a0 IS Southwest m. "-— .. 25
Kawlch King : — Oil Sylvanla *:/. r.' 09 15
KawchiM-.Co 06 (OlTokop Con V.-. 02 —
Lida Hawk ..' — • 50[ - v : \u0084
TNOPAH ; MINING ; EXCHANGE, v
:•. Following • the . sales ; on 1 the j San '- Fran- ;
Cisco and Tonopah Mining J Exchange? yesterday:;
: .. \u25a0':.\u25a0/•\u25a0\u25a0 :\u25a0'--"' s !llVa.'l'm. nk »Seß6lon.-«- • ":~'i:.':::''>--'
•"i s<o Bl Butte; si 6 * 16| 1000 Red ;Top i ... . 62
:600 Gldfld ; M.lslo- 6fl -500 Slerra'sNwr... 82
300 Jumbo M Co.' 75|5000 St -.lves ...... 14
"2300 Kendall, b 10 201 2000 St Ives. b 90 " 15
,1000 Nat Bank r.. 14 300 Ton' Belmont..l 40
•< 1000 Orlg Bullfrog 21 r 100 Union Con - . 61
1000 Paymaster-.. 02,: \u25a0 /
'\u25a0 \u25a0 'vj," . . 2 p.". m:"'- Session.'-"".
600 .Andes ...-..::• 2»!C0O Mont "Ton ...2 85
800 Andee ....... SOf 1500 Pa^Goldfleld.-W/a
200 Belcher '..... 30i15C0 Pa Goldfleld.. 02
i 600;Coni.Va M.-..1 85 2000 Red Top .... 62
1000 Eclipse, b CO. 39 1500 St .Ives ..... 14
200 Goldneld Mln 58 200 Ton Belmont..l 40
4500 Hme - Con.bflO 0U; 600 N Star, \u25a0 10 46
7500 Kendall .-. : . . 20 1200 Ton N Star. . 40
300 Mexican,.. 1 37% | '100 West End .."".:,; »5
'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 /CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ,'
- , :'\u25a0:\u25a0 \u25a0 , . Comstocki.
' " \ \u25a0': Blrf.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha ...:... 10 —Julia — 10
Alta ........ 03 —Justice ...... — C 5
Andes.. 30 81 Kentuck ..... 02 —
BfJcher ..... 31 32 ; Lady Wash... 04
:Best & 8e1..l 55 — Mexican .....1 35 140
.Bullion ..... 38 — Occidental ... 87 —
Caledonia ... 45 — Ophir . .. .. . ..5 75 600
Challenge ... "14 —lOvermanI Overman .... 11;'—
»Chollar ..... i« — jPotosi ....... 16 17
Confidence .. 78 —Savage 51 88
Con .V a M...1 85 1 POISeg Belcher. . 05 —
Con Imperial — 02 1 Scorpion ...... 14 -.16
Con N V. ... — (M Sierra Nev ;. . 34 v —
Crown .Point. 08 — i Silver Hill '.. 92 —
Exchequer-.. 51 —St Louis ..... — U
E Sierra Nev — 04 Union Con .. 63 60
Gould & Cur. \u25a025 26 Utah .....05 .06
Hale & Norc.l 15 .— J Yellow Jacket 23 24
Tonopah District!
Belmont ...;1"*35 — I Midway \u25a0' .1 35 140
California...; — C6|Mlzpah Ex . . 10 12
Cash Boy .. 14 17 Mont T0n.. .2 35 2 37ft
Colehan . — 10 N V Ton Con 20 21
Gold Anchor. 85 Sb North Star. . . 45 —
Gr"eat Westrn OU% 04 Ohio ........ — 26
Home ....... 03 09. Paymaster ...01 02
Home Con .. — • f« Rescue ..... .06% 07Vi
Ind Tonopah.OOVi 01%|S Nev Dev.V. — 18
Jim Butler.. 63 — |Ton Exten .6 75 —
Little Ton . . —2 75 Ton of Ntiv.l2 50 13 2fi
Lucky ' Tom.. — 17 United Ton .. — 15
MacNamara.. 32 :u West End ... —1 10
Goldfleld District.
Adams .....; 04 05| Jumbo M Co. — " 78
Auetin ...... — 31 Jumbo EX ... ,— 25
Black Butte. 14 W,Kendall M 9 21
Blk BtteEx. —C3\i j Lone Star ... 09 —
Black Rock.. — 03 May Queen... 16' —
Blue Bell ... 04% 06 Mohawk . 15 —
Blue Bull ... 06 08, Nev Goldfleld. 22 "30
Brooklyn ... 02 03jOakes .... — 09
Columbia Mt. 18 — |Oro ...... — 04
Diamond .... — lStPa Goldfleld.. 02 t8
Dlamondfleld. — 30 Red Lion 02 04
Dixie ....... 10 11 Red Top .... — 63
Frisco ...... — 10 Red Top Ex. 01 W
Exploitation. — 01 St Ives ..... 13 15
Gldrtd G Dst — 07 Sandstorm ... 50
Gld& G Reed 11 — Sandstorm Ex 08 —
Gldfld L Star- — 07 Silver Pick... — CO
Goldfleld Nev 6G . — Simmerone .. 17 24
Great Bend.. 03 —Vernal ....... — 06
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 01 00) LIge' Harris.. 01%—'
Beatty Blfrg — . 05 Mont Bullfrog 02 04
Bullfrog Anx 05Orig Bullfrog. 20 22
Bullfrg • Belle — OT|Shoshone — 12
Bullfrog Mm — . 55j Vista Grande % — 07
Bullfg N Bk 14 10' Wolverine ... — 11
Eclipse — So|
Other Districts.
Brown Hope. — lOPine Grove .. 20 25
Esperanza . . — 00% j Ray & O'Brien 05 —
Free, Gold .. — 15 Rothwoll 02^10
Gold Mt Con — 02[ Silver Peak.. — 21
Kawlch Gold. — ",- 04 Ton Berkeley. — 04
Nev Sunshine 15 — Ton Gold Mt. 09 —
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAY. OCTOBER 23.
Alexander and Nellie Bond, to Hannah Marx
(wife of Francois), lot on S line of Sacramento
street, 127:6 W of Larkin. W 55 by S 118; $10.
Eugenic I. Slelcken to Eugenia I. Cole, lot
on -S, line of Broadway, 137:6 E of Webster
street, 65:9 by 132:7%, quitclaim deed: $ .
Hugh and Loujea M. Huddleston tb Gilbert
H. Oakley, lot on N line of Lombard street,
110 W of Webster, W 27:6 by N 100; $10.
Gilbert H. Oakley to H. R. and Salemma
M. Patterson, game; $10. *
James R. and R. D. McElroy to Adolph Pe-.
try; lot on E line of Pierce etreet, 55 S of Oak-
S 27:6 by E 110; also lot on E line of Pierce
street, 110 6' of Oak, S 27:6 by E 137:6; $10.
' City aud County of San Francisco to Anna
S. Poehner (wife of "Adolph A.), lot on S line
of Golden Gate avenue, 200 E of Scott street,
E 26:6 by Si 137:6; $ '\u25a0.
Robert Kirk and Albert M. and Georgia Kai
ser, lot on N line of Page street, 206:3 W of
Ashburj-, .W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Susie E. Wllkins to Thomas J. and Louise
M. Sullivan, lot on W, line of Cole street, 75
S of Beulah, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Catherine McC. Gang to Frances M. Gang
(wife of John S.), undivided half of lot on S
line of Frederick street, 125 E of Stanyan, E
25 by S 137 :C; gift.
Harry B. Rathbone to Federal Security Com
pany, lot on S line of Pacific avenue, 118:9 W
of Presidio. W 30 by S 127:SU; $10.»
City and County of San Francisco to estate
of Charles Bach (by Emme Bach, executrix),
lot on SE^ltne of Folsom street, 72:9 NE of
Twelfth. NE 20 by SE 80;' also lot on W line
of Howard street, 103:2 N of Twentieth, N 50
by W 122:6; $
Rose H. Little (wife of William T.) to Wil
liam T. Little; lot on E line of Capp street,
125 S of Nineteenth, S «0 by E 122:6; also lot
on E line of Capp street, 125 S of Eighteenth,
S 35 by.E 122:6; also lot on N line of Grove
street, 56:8 W of Schrader, W 50 by N 100;
gift.- :;\u25a0•-, . ':\u25a0 \u25a0 . ."."'•
Henry Burns to Sarah J. Kedlan, lot on W
line of San Carlos avenue, 107 N of Twenty
first : street, N 22 by W. 75; gift.
. Stephen R. Rintoul et nl. to Stephen R. Rln
toul and S. T. Pearl, lot on N line of Eight
eenth street. 112 E of Church, E 25 by N 114;
gift.
Elliott and Alice. D. McAllister to Sunset
Realty. Company, lot on BE line of -Market
street, 155 SW of Church, SW 100, SE 100, NE
23:10%; E 110:8 3-10, N 82. W 14:0%, SW 50.
NW 100; $10. . '
Peter Paulson to Jennie Paulson, lot on S
line of Seventeenth street, 175 W of Sanchez,
W 25 by S 114; quitclaim deed; $1. " .
Sigmund Greenebaum to William H. Crlm,
lot on SE line of Market street, 43 SW of Noo,
SW 62:2%, 8 88:4Vi. E 80. N 42:0^. E 80. N
42:9%, W 32:8. N 86:0%; ?10.
George S.,' William H., Grace M, Samuel M.
and William 'H. Jr. Crlm to Patrick M. and
Richard McDonald, lot: on S line of Twenty
third street, 115 W of Harrison, W SO, S 104,
E 22:6, N 9. E 7:6, N 95; $10.
Eugene P. and Marie S. Murphy to Femals
Religious of the ; Order of St. Dominic, lot
on S line of Twenty-fourth street, 150 W of
Guerrero, W. 25 by S 125; $10.
Joseph Arata to Francesco ' and L. Anastasi.
lot on S line of Union street. 156:6 . W ol
Montgomery, W 40 by 8 57:«; $10.
Richard P. , Burns to John C. Brlckell, lo»
on N line of Pacific street. 97:6 W of San
some W 41, N 57:6, E 1, N 11:3. E 40, 3
68:9;' $10.
Elizabeth G. Miller to John A. . Hoots and
W S. Hobbs, lot \u25a0' on : E line of Sellna place,
117:6 N of California street, N 20 by E SS: $10.
Laura C. Ingalls- (wife of Walter 8.) ta
Walter 6. Ingalls lot on N line of Lynch
street.. oo:B% E of Hyde. E 23:6% by N CO;
John E. and Josephine Durnin to Walter WU
•on lot on SB line of . Clara street. 175 SW
of Rltch, SW 25 by SE 80: $10. -_ v
\u25a0 John J. and Nellie ' Mltchkus to Joseph M.
Macdonough, lot on SE line of Silver street;
75 NE of Fourth, NE 20 by SE 80; $10.. - '
Anna Waller to same, lot on SE line of Sil
ver street' 95 NE of Fourth. NE 20 by SE 80;
$10. ' . i
Dietrich and Sophie Muller to Clara L. Ben
nett (wife of C. . P.). lot on W corner ol
Bryant and Fifth streets. BW 82:6 by NW
62:6; $10 t
• Louisa Bnthenuth (Wolter) to Anton Buthe
nuth, lot on ( E line of Sumner street. 40 N
of Clementina, 5 NW . 30 by JNE 53 ; gift.
Estate of * George F. Gress . (by John Farn
ham administrator) to William G. Barr, lot
on W line of Mississippi . : street, 150 N of
Martposa. « N 26 by W- 100; $1950.
Arthur C. Bayley to game, same, quitclaim
. William i G. Barr to Sterling Investment Com
pany, same;, grant. , -/\u25a0".\u25a0' " /
. William J. and Emma ; C. - Gunn to Orville
8 ' Warmer lot on • E line ' of Eleventh avenue
175 8 of Clement street 8 25 by :E, 120; $10.
Harry and " Agnes . G. '-' .-. Huffman to Anntt
Golden (wife of Bartholomew), lot on W lint
of Thirty-fifth 1 avenue, 125 S of Clement street,
8 60 by W 120; $10. . .
- J Frank and Marea Walters to Nellie. T.
Baiim,* lot i on E lme \u25a0 of Thirty-ninth avenue,
96 N of Cliff avenue,lN;3o by E 120; $10.
5 Jacob Heyman Company to Percy E. Townc
andP W.-Gedney,; lot oniS line of B street,
00 W.of Thirtieth avenue. .W. 30 by S 169; $10.
1 Albert Meyer to Mary F. Bolts (wife of John
F)" lot on Wlln»" of Twentieth avenue. 200
N of ; I street.' N2sby .W 120; $10. ?\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
-:'<• Lydla P. "Smith to ! George 'A. Woods.v lot oi\
E line " of : Twenty-ninth \u25a0 avenue. • 250 N of 0
street, N 75 by E' 120; $10.
George A. .Woods to William \u25a0H. Adalr,
same;:slo." ~ V ':.-.; •'.. : , '\u25a0 - '\u25a0". . \u25a0; . - \u25a0-"
v .Marie Backman to "Amanda Koch,- lot on E
line of Forty-eighth: avenue. ; 100 8 of J. street,
S2sby Ei 120; $1000. ' „ . <
Charles S. and" Emma L. Brundage to .J.
William Brundage lot : on rS ; line of X street,
32-fl W of Seventh avenue/,W 50 by S 100; *10.
* Same ;to Thomas " S. -.Bnindace, i lot on -6 lint
of K-* street.' 1 37 :6'E of " Eighth • avenue. -E 50
by S ••100: "$10. ' ; '. -^jr %
Thomas S and* Alice F. Brundage to Charlej
S ' Brundage . lot - on " SE ? corner \u25a0of - Eighth
avenue and- K street. JE: 57: C by :N 100; also
lot -on* SW ' corner "\u25a0> of Seventh \u25a0 avenue : and v J
Ftreet": W 108,- S 100. W 12. S ; 2.'.. E 120. N
125;;- also 'outside, lands blocks 775; ana 776,
qii)tc'ftlm:deed:;*lo.,:- :;-"•:: •
''-\u25a0 J. i and -Anna Mj Brundage to same,
BamesrQultclalm'de^:-$10.^.-/_ / '.: - -
• Edgar : N."-> and ; Teresa ; E. . : Snook -to Alfred
f \u25a0 Quev&do - lot on sNE corner, of iTwenty-sev
enth avenue and P street.^E 32:6 by N100; $10.
\u25a0i. Raleigh ; P.*-; and : Etta ? M/.- Hooe^ to " Homes
8 \u25a0 Soaton." lot * on" E .line of Nineteenth avenne;
180 Sof-T street.;S:2s byjEl2o: $10.:
\u25a0 - Thomas i Dunn Injr* to • Bernhard :. Getz, lot on
NB i corner : of i Fortieth avenue and W street,
E^7:6'by;NMoO>:;slo. ;> V \u25a0\u25a0;-..: ."- ">>•..;-
• Edward -' C. \u25a0 Hammond to, same, lot •on S-W
corner * of '% Thirty-ninth "° avenue and V ; street,
.W. 107:6 by. S 100; $10.*' ' . \u25a0
Charles * A/3 and : Mary A. Kin? " to Adolph
"Abraha mson.i;- lot ' on iS J me 0f ; .W...-. street, ; P7 :«
Wof Thirty-ninth ! avenue^ W,< 50 , by, S ; 100; $10."
; -j William I and \u25a0 Frederick < Horstmeyer. •-.William
Horstmeyer =& I Co/,1 Clara' Horstmeyer ; (by com
missioner) 'to i Central "Trust i Company, lot \u25a0 3»,
block B,- Park Lane .Tract ; * $2000.- . / ,
J-t Charles iW,' and Delia- E. I Mills \u25a0to Jame»".T."
Duggan. lot on N-Um of Elizabeth street. 173
Wjof Douglass. W 25 by N 114, lot 109. Hey
man. Tract : JlO. \J I <jjTL*»IWUrNWNI
. James F. Hall ?to Francesco Demartlnl. lot
on SW. line of Morton street,- 200 W of Mls
slon.. N\v 50 by SW 100,' lot 23, block 2, Acad
emy i. Tract: $10.'. , "- " ' :
: fiame to Giovanni . Garbarino, lot on SW line
of . Morton street, 175 NW of Mission, NW 25
by SW 100, lot 21, block 2. «ame;'$ — —.\u25a0
Same ; to Tomaso. Finale, lot on SW line of
Morton stret. 150 NW of Mission. NW 25 by
,SW. 100. lot 21.; block 2. same; $10.
James K. and Harry O. Taylor and Fanni*
L. Marsh to Ruth » S. Taylor, lots 2 to 5, 44
to 47. block 304. CXell & Haley Tract: aiso
lots 1 to 4, 20 to S2. block B lota 16. 17. 32
and 33. block 503. Haley Purchase; $10.
M. U. C. L. Hebe or Lelbe to Alfred D.
Bowren. lot on N line of Canal street. 273 X
of Craut. N 95, SE 60:7. S 86. W 60, tot 6.
block 5. College Homestead: $10.
George A. and Ada M. Webster toThomas
Moran, lots 2 to 6, block 14. West End Map
No. 2; $10.
Jacob Heyrjian Company to Bridget Hughes,
lot on SW corner of Stoneman and Folsom
•treats. S 75 by W 80. Petrero Valley: $10.
Mary .E. Fletcher to Albert E. Flatcher.
lot on N Wllne of London street, 125 SW of
China avenue. SW 25 by. NW 100. lot S. block
2. Excelsior Homestead: also lot on NE corner
of China avenue and County road. E 100 by
N 150. lot 3, block 1. same; $10.
. T. B. Potter Realty Company to John F.
and MaryT. Plfie. lot 38, block 29, Rets Tract:
grant.
Same to Frank K. Terry, lot 18. block 43.
same; grant. . .
Estate of Jacob Blessing (by G. C. Hyatt,
executor) to M. E. Carroll, lot on NE corner
of Anderson and Powhattan streets, N 62:6, E
70. S 62:6 right axle 70: $160.
Martha -W. Caughlan (wife of John F.) to
Alfred D. Bowen. lota 838 and 340. Girt Map
No. 4: $10.
Leopold and Joaephln« Heringhl to Mark M.
Morris, lot on E line of ' Harvard street. 100 S
of Olmstead. S 100 by B 120, block 108. Uni
verstty Homestead; $10.
Annie Busch to Mary F. Richards, lot on
SW line of Fourth avenue, 300 SE of B
street, SE 150. SW 100, NW 75, SW 100. NW
75. NE 200, block 70. South San Francisco
Homestead and all property of first party; $10.
Builders' Contracts. _
Daniel and Nellie Daly (owners) with Fuller
& Brown (contractors), architect — All
work for a two-story frama building (flats) on
\V- line .of Dolores street. 151:6 N of Twenty
: eighth, N 25 by W 100, H. A. 6C; $3750. '
Charles 11. Brown (owner) with Frank Sl
monart (contractor), architects O'Brien & Wer
ner — Grading and digging trenches for building
on SW corner of Sixteenth. and Capp streets,
W 80 by S 95:2%; $1400.
: Meeker ... Estate (owners) with Henry Huf-
Echmldt (contractor), architect — Plumb-
Ing and gasflttlng for alterations . and addi
tions to four two-story frama buildings, 703,
705. 707 and 70© ShotwelT street; $1215.
Fritz Khlers (owner) wxtn Caspar Zwierleln
(contractor), architect — All work for *
I four-story building on SW corner of Cough
and Oak streets, S 30 by W 87:6; $13,784.
Marie Rispaud (owner) with J. A. Eastman
(contractor), architect Oliver Everett—Exca
vating, concrete work, carpenter work, roofing,
glazing, electric work and plastering for a
three-story 'frame building on W line of
Stelner street. 258:6 S of Waller. S 80 by W
92; $8600.
John H. Eaunders (owner) with Joseph A.
, Hill (contractor), architect Charles H. Barrett
— All work except plumbing and painting for
repairs to a three-story frame building dam
aged by fire on W line of Third street, 275
(written 175) N of Townsend; $3500.
Alameda County.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 21.
*Holcomb, Breed & Bancroft to J. P. Gelina*.
lota 19 and tits. Santa Fe Tract. 16. Oakland;
$10.
TUESDAY OCTOBER 23.
Louis Es Dabney (by Harlow P. Bancroft,
attorney) to C. E. Nettleton, lot 7, Santa. Fa
Tract No. 6, Oakland; $10.
. Same to same lot 3», same. Oakland; $10.
Fred S. - and Lettle L. Forste? to Edward
T. Lelter lot on E line of West street. 50 S
of Thirty-seventh, S 25 by E 100.38. lot 12,
block A, Major Gfven Tract Oakland; $10.
Englebert and Elizabeth Glatz to George H.
Vose Jr. . lot on NW line of Tenth avenue,
100 NE of East Tenth street. NE 50 by NW
150. block 17, Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Albert E. Fletcher (son of Leroy D. Fletcher,
deceased) to Mary E. Fletcher (widow of said
deceased), undivided H ol lot on NE line ot
East Twelfth (Washington) street. 50 SB Ot
Twelfth (Polk) avenue. SE 50 by NE 150. lots
3 and 4. bjock 40. Clinton. East Oakland; $10
Abbie C. Darling (wldow)uo California Cot
.lege (corporation), lot on E corner of Eleventh
(Pierce) avenue and E Sixteenth (Monroe)
street E 60:8 by N 82, portion lots 1. 2 and
3, block BS, Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Realty Syndicate to Frank L. Stelzner (mar
ried), lots 16 and 17. block 19. Mathews Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Same to I. L. Bowman (married), lot 8.
block 5, same, Berkeley; $10.
LATE SHIFPIN'G V INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Monday, i October 23.
Btmr F. A. Kilburn, Merriam, Astoria.
."- OCEAN STEAMERS. .
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Staten
daiu, from Rotterdam an<l Boulogne; stmr Fin
land, from Antwerp and Doer.
LONDON I—Arrived1 — Arrived Oct ' 23— Btmr Mlnne
tonka. from New Tort - -v^
HAVRE— Sailed Oct 21 — Stmr Ltf Gaacogne,
for New York: stmr Bordeaux, for New York.
Oct 23 — Stmr. Pomeranian, for New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Moltke.
from - New York. .
PALERMO— -Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Italia, f or
BOULOGNE— SaiIed Oct 23— Stmr Graf Wai
dersee, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr L«k»
Erie, " from Montreal.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 23— Etmr Koe
nlgen Lulse, from . New York, for Nfeples and
Genoa, and procetded.
BREMEN-^-Salled Oct 21— Stmr Neckar. for
New York, and passed Scilly Oct 23.
i MOVILLE^ — Arrived Oct '23 — Stmr Furneesia.
i from New York for Glasgow, and proceeded.
DOVER — Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Krocnland.
from -New York, for Antwerp, and proceeded.
Will Build a $3,000,000 Pipe Line.
INDEPENDENCE. Kan.. Oct. 23.— A
party of Standard Oil officials, headed
by Henry H. Rogers and John D. Arch
ibald, arrived here to-day and were met
by many of the producers. After vis
iting Humboldt, Kan., they will- pro
ceed direct to Whiting, .Ind.. to inspect
the refinery there. Members of the
party announced 'that as. a" result of a
study of the Kansas field it had been
definitely decided' to build another pipe
line to Whiting at' once, at a cost of
$3,000,000.
.^^^^R AII^y^Y^TOA YEL.. ....
|Floj CALIFORNIA
Pip!] LIMITED
Kv-/ Fjfefl >fIM To Chicago in Three Days,
g-jrag'gßß^Eag with Diners aad Slcepen.
Santa Fe Trains
7:30 A. M.I For Stockton. Merced. Fresno,
8:00 P. M.f . Hanford. Vlaalla. BakersfleM
J and ' Intermediate points.
0:60 A. M. — California Limited, three days to'
Chicago, Mondays and Thurs-
days. Direct - connection to
Grand Canyon.
9:80 A. M.— Valley Limited for Stockton.
\u25a0 Merced, Fresno, Hanford, Vlsa-
lla and Bakersfleld and polnu
on the Sierra Railway.
4:00 P. M.— For.. Stockton and . intermediate
points. \u25a0SsaflPW-
8:00 P. M. — Overland ' Express, for Chicago,
- Kansas City, Denver and Grand
.. . Canyon. -
Ticket ) Of flce»— 6s3 t Market street * and Ferry
- Depot. San Francisco: - also 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.: also 27 South First street.
San Jose.' ' \u25a0 '. /- -
jfgpSHjgg! To SAN RAFAEL.
IkSSmISI ROSS VALLEY '
1111111 ll MILL VALUE? ,
Etc.
j^ap^^^^^^yj^|> Via Saniallto Ferry.
SUBURBAN~SERViCE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart week days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept §unday), 7:45, -8:25, - 9:10; ;9:50. 11:00 a.
m.;- 12:20 1:45, 3:15, .4:35, 0:15. 6:50, e:SOk
7:15, 9:00, 10:15 and 11:35. p. B.MMIH
\u25a0"-"- For Fairfax.. week days— 7:4s a. m..'8:13 p.
m.*- {Saturdays only). \u25a0- 0:18 p. m. . dally except
Saturday -and Sunday; Sundays and holidays —
T:43. 9:10, 11:00 a. m.,1 :45 p. m.
THROUGH i TRAINS.
"7:4 ft a.- m. dally — Caxaaero and way stations/
' 8:15 p. ,m. Saturday* " only— For Caaadero,
itc. •-. \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0•:..---'..-\u25a0 -*, \u25a0.-"•-.\u25a0 \u25a0 : : \u25a0
\u25a0'< 5 :16 p. m. s dally j. (except Saturday and Bun-
day)— For . Point Reyes, ' etc
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market «C
',s, s FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt,Tam a lpais Railway
ffV*- •*.. \u25a0 VIH BATSV; ' \u25a0' :
Leave'S. F. 9:50 a m I:4s>m
Arrive S.F. 30:45 AM 2:55, IXzn*
Lt. S.F. 4*5 pm Ar.S. P. 11:25 pm .
\u25a0 f ;;:SUM>iTs- 133 LKIL IOIIBITB " .
Lt. S.F. 8^5,9-^0.11:00 AM 1.45pm
Ar. S. F. 1:30, 2:65, 4.-23, C 32 pm _
tICUT { 650 Market ST.,(North Shoreßatlroad)
OniCß ( vri S ausalit o Febjiy, Foot Market SU
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Trains leave and are dut .
• /Q>Trf^^v \u25a0 to arri v« at ~><*
/^^^S'W SAX FRANCISCO,
I <LJ?Sax«7 i Fbok Octobxk 3, 15 d
FiEitr Depot
(Foot of Market Street)
uav»- MAIN LINE. -mni
\u25a0" 7.ooAElmtra. Vacarlllc. Winters. Ilnmsey 7.43 i»
7.00 a Ulchmoad. Benicla. Sacrament<\
Saliicn and Way Stations 7-23 i»
7^flA Vallejo. Naps, CaUatoga. Santa
Rosa, Martraez, San Ramon 3.£3»
7^oAKlles. Pleasanton. Llvermore,
Tracy, Lathropv Stockton 7J»P
8-OOAShasti Express— (Via Davi»),
Williams, Willows. fFruto. Red
Bluff. Portland, Tacoma, Seattle. 7-43»
B.OOaDatlii, Woodland. Knights Landing,
• Marjaville. OroTUle 7-43f»
8 MAMartlnex. Antloch; Bxron. Tracy.
StocSton, KcTrman, Los Banoj.
Mendota, Armona, Hanford.....
Vlsalla, PortervlUo .............. i 4^
S^OAPort Costa. Lathrop. Merced. Mo-
de«:o, Fre«no. Hanford. VisaU*.
Bakersfleld •• 4.4»»
|.40A??Ile). San Jose. Llvermore, Stoc*-
. ton-ttMllton), "Valley Bprlnj,
lone, Sacramrnto, PlscerrUla.
Colfax. MarysTlUe. Red 81nff .... 4.C8»
S.4oA Oakdale, Chinese, Jamestown, •
Sonora. Tnolamne and Angels... 4-08p
B.ooa Atlantic Express-OKden and Eart. 4^Bp
8.40 a Richmond. Port Costa, Mar tinea _
and Wsy Stations (tConcord).... 8.48(»
1 0.20 a Vallelo, Dally. Napa, Sunday only 7-43»
10-20ALoi Angeles Pasnenjcer— Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron, Tracy,
LatUrop. Stockton, Merced.
Raymond. Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemooro. Visalla, _
Bakenaeld. Los Angeles. 7.03»
I 020 a El Pa»o. Kansas City, St. Lonla and
Chicago 7-03^
11.00a The Overland Limited— Omaha,
Chicago, Denver, Kansas City... 6.48P
11.40aK11cs, San Jose and Way Stations. 2.48^
H-OOPSacramento Elver Steamer* tiI. OOP
3.2oP Port Costa, Martlne«,Byron,Tracr, *f
. Modesto, Merced, Fresno 1208^
B^OPYosemito and M»rlpo*a Big Trees,
Monday, Wednesday snd Friday 843 A
840P Benicla. Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing;
MarysTlUe and Orovtn* ......... 10.48 a
S.4oP Hayward. KHes. and W»y Stations 7.48P
4.ooPValleJo. Marttnes. San Ramoa. ,
yspa, CaUitotra, Santa Rosa ..... 9.23 a v
4.oop2Tlles. Tracy, Stockton, L0dt...... 10.28 a
4.4oPHayward, NDet. IrTlngton. Saal t8.48A
Jose. Llvermore..,. ..) tl 1.43 a
S'OOPThe Owl Limited— Newman, Lo«
Banos, Mendota, Frerao, Tnlaro,
Bakersfleld, Los Angeles 143 a
B-OOp Chicago and St. Louis Special— El
Paso, Kansas tltjs St. Loola and
Chicago • 8.48 a
IS-20P Hayward, Nlles »a<i San J0«».. ... . 7.03 a
6.20p Vallejo. Port Costa, Benicla, Sni-
sun, Sacnraento 11.23 a
8-OQPEastern Express— Omaha, Chicago.
Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis,
Martinez, Stockton, Sacramento,
Beno, Sparks. Montello. Oztlen .. 1 2.4 3*
f.2opHayward, Nlles and San Joie ...... 8.48 a
.OOPKeno Passenger— Port Costa. Bo-
nlcla, Snlson. Elmlra, Dixon.
DaTli,S»cramento. Sparks. Tono-
pah, Goldfleld and Keeler 7-C3a
7XoP Vallejo,- Crockett and Way Sta-
\u25a0 tloiu, Sunday only 11.23 a
8-2f)POregon A California Express— Saa-
ramento, Marysvllle, Redding;
Portland. Pnj't Sonnd and East. 8.43 a
BOOp Hayward, Nlles and San Joso (Saa- >
\u2666 day 0n1y)... .* - H1.48A
COAST LINE (Harrow «aag«).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
' B.lsa Newark. Centervllle, San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creole, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5-55;*
t2.lBpNewarlt. Centervllle, San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatos. Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations H0.55A
4.lspXowart, Saa Jose. Los Gatos ....-j j-jq Jla
B.4spHosten Tram— (Saturday only)
San Jose and Way Stations.. |7.59p
COAST LINE (Broad Wangej. ;
tW (Third and Townoend Streets.>
6.1 0a San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 8-3Ct» '
7.COa Saa Jose and Way Stations S-40P
B.OOAXew Almaden (Tues.. FrL.only).. 4-13f»
8-OOATbe Coaster— San Jose. S alia as.
San Ardo. Paso Bobles, Santa
Margarita, san Lnls Oblspo,
Goadalnpe, Gavlota, Santa Bar-
bara, San Buenaventura, Oxnard,
Bnrbank, Los Angeles- 10.301*
•.OOAGllroy, Holllster. Pajaro, Csstro-
> ville, Dei Monte, Pacific Grove,
Surf. LorcDoc IC3QP
B.ooa San Jose, Tres Plnos. Watsonvtlle,
Capitols, Santa Cruz. Pacific
Grove, Salinas. San Lots Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations 4.105»
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1 .20p
11.30 a San Jose and Way Stations 7.40P
2.1 spSaap Saa Joae and Way Stations. J 8 JoA
3-OOPDeI Monte Express — Santa Clara,
San Jon, vr mon vine, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey
Pacific Grove 12.15P
t3-00PLos Gatos. Wrignt. Boulder Creei,
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
- Narrow Cause .*. 10.43 a
3-30P South Ban Francisco. San Joio.
GUroy. Holllster, Tres Plnos 1 0.45 a .
4.3OPSan Joie and Way Stations t7-Ssa .
15 OOP Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatoa, +9.OfU
!530pSanJoseandPrinclpalWaySUtlona 19.40 A
B.4spSunjet Express— Bedwood, Ban
Jose. Gllroy, Salinas. Paso
Roblea. San Lais Oblspo. Santa-
Barbara, Loa Angeles. Deming;
. El Paso. New Orleans 9.10 a
S.4SPEI Paso; Kansas City, St. Loots,
Chicago 9.10 a
6.4s P Pajaro, Watsonvllle. Capltola,
Santa Cruz. CnnrovlUe, Dsl
Monte. Pacific Grove 10-30P
ffi.lBpSaa Mateo, Beresford. Belmont,
San Carlos. Bedwood. Fair OaJcs,
Menlo ParJc. Palo A1t0...... .... f8.46A
6.3OPS«n Jose and Way Stations 6.33 a
8-OOPPaIo Alto a ad Way Stations lO.ISa
I 1 -TOP ? >ut h. SanFrancisco, MUlbrae, Bup-
llngame. San Mateo. Belmont;
Ean Carlos, Bsdwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9-45?
lUOPSatardays only for Mayflcld, Moun-
tain View. Sunnyvale, Lawrence, - m
•;'. Santa Clara and San Jone t9.45»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
(Foot of Marie et St.)
t 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. S.lB p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. """*
tSunday exceptcd. tSnnday only.
(Monday only.
IDally, and stops at an stations on Sunday.
CALIFORNIA KCRTfIWESTERN RY. COL
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot of Market Street,
SA3I FRANCISCO TO SA?» RAFAEL
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:CO a. m.; 12:33, 3:30,
5:10, 6:30 p. ra. ,
6UNDATS- S:CO, 9:30 a. m.; 12:33. 3:30, 5:10,
6:30 d. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAS FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:OS. 7:33. 7:30. »:--*O, a. m.j
12:50, 3:40. E5:00, 3:20 p. m.
6UNDATS— «:O6,S:OO.B:I«. 9:40 ». m.; 8:40.
4:50. S:0O. 5:20. 6:30 p. m. .
i Leave I In Effect . I Arrive
San Fran. 1 Oct. 8. 1903. { Ban Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Daya. 1 days. 1 Uon. | days. \ Pays.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 al 8:40 a
9:00 a 9:30 a Iznaelo. 10:40 a|10:20 a
SiZOv 3:30p 6:00p.«:20p
I 5:10 p 5:10 p I 7:30 p|
! 0:00 al S>:3oa| Napa. | 9:10 a! 8«40p
5:10 pi 5:10 p| ( 0:20 p< 6:20 p
7:30 a I 19:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10: V> a 10:25 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:00 p 6:20 9
8:10 p 8:30 p and . »;!5 p
0:10 p Santa Rosa. ' 9
T:8Oa . T 110:40 a 10:23 A
- - 8:00 a| Fultoa 7:30 p 6:20^"
8:30 p 3:80 p
. Windsor
TtSOa 8:00 a Hfaldsbur* 10:40 a 10:23 a
i Lytton
8:30 p 8-SJp Oeyservlll* T:3op 6:20 »
1 , • . ' Cloverdale 1
7:30 al 8:00 at Hooland 110:40 a[10:25 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah | 7:30 pj 6:20 p
~ "1 I WllUts and I \~
•t ;3oa| SrOOal Sherwood | 7:30 pf 6:20 p
7:30 aJ B:Coat* \u25a0 110:40 a|10:23 a
8:80 pi 3:30 p( GB«rnevni« | 7:30 pi 6:2ur>
7:30al 8:00 al 3onoma J 9:10 al 8:40 a
3:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen 1 6:00 pi 6:20 p
7:30 aJ 8:00 a • JlO:4Oa 10:25 »
8:30- 3:.T)p Scbastopol 7:30p 6:2t)p
0:10 pi 5:10 p \u25a0 ' '
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln;~at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs* and Mark- West Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Oeyservllle for Skagg*
Springs:- at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boon-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs." Highland "\u25a0 Snrlngs. KelseyvlUe, Carls-
bad Sprtnjcs. Soda. Bay. LakeDort. Bartlett
Springs - and Lake County Hot. Springs*: at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. .Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Porno, • Potter Valley. John Day' s
Llerly's. Hullvllle. Orr^s Hor Springs, Half-
way House, Comptche. Hcpklns. Mendoclnu
City. Fort -Iragg, .Westport and Usal; at Wll-
llts for Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood for
Fc ' Br'ajrr.'- 1 Cahto." Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harrla, • Hubhard. Fruit-
lat 1. Dyer, GarberviUe, Camp 5. Pepper wood.
Bcotia -ureka. ,
r_tunlay and Monday round-trip . tickets at
reduced rat««. ,-\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0
On "-nday — Kound-trip . tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce, 650 Market st-i Chronicle build-
lns \u25a0 • -
JAS. \CLEK.'. . R. X. HTAN.
Gen. Vana«er * Gen. Pass. Agt.
Weekly CaH-
! ONE DOLLAR PER YEAi "*COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
is ailrstreet Stocks about the same. Money 4(0)5 per cent.
Cotton higlur, earing to heavy frosts over the belt.
Quotations o u the local stock exchanges we'll maintained.
Stiver \/\c lozcer. Exchange rates unchanged. .
Wheat steady. Barley irregular and higher.
Oats firm all over the world. Large export demand for Corn. '
Bran' easier under larger receipts. Hay firmer.
Prices for. Beans again unsettled. Onions higher and firm.
Choke. Potatoes in demand and firm. Common dull and weak.
Poultry and Game in liberal supply and the latter lower.
Xct much change in Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Choice Butici; Cheese and Eggs scarce and the latter still higher.
Cattle. Sluep and Hogs unchanged. Bacon scarce. Lard lozver.
Wine Exports In September.
Th«» exports of Wine from San Francisco by
-<»ca. in September. IJKJS, were as follows:
. . rr ° — Gallons. Cases. Values.
New York 775.213 H $25».ti25
Hawaiian Islands... C0.47fl 129 27,709
J *P«n 10.78S S 4 <>::«
VhlßaV hlRa 2.063 ... «i 8
Philippine Islands... 1,711 no l.J2y
Central Awvrtca b,056 249 4.773
p^* Jco . «.3SI 127 2.2 M
. Colombia.' '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'." 2>h "i 6 M 77
i-cuaflor 1,546 . . . o l^
British Columbia j',3«3 *43 H73
£?? h 'U '- 1.55>7 ... 504
X-ls«>where 739 52 _ 357
Totals 887,485 733 $300,762
In Scptembfr, l»04. the exports were 1.00C.f<66
sailon* and 246 ctusts. valuta at $317, C57. Th«
*hipmri;tfc tv New York in tut month were
*-©,M 4 gallons, valued at $306,227.
EA&TCUX MLVIUvETS.
New York Monry Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. Si.— Mcney on call steady
at 4£S5 tier ct-nt: clofinK bid, 4 per cent; of
lered 4' 4 r>er cent. \u25a0*'.'-
T4n~.e money slishtly easier; G>> and WO daj's,
£•!.'•'* ix:r cent; cix munths, 4>^ per cent.
)*rirre mercantUe. s<gts t>er cent.
Sterling txchange firm with actual business
in bankers' liiKs at $4.5C75<34.5<j80 for demand
ar-d at $4.SniK34.ts>ls lor «30 days.
Posted rates. $4 S3VaQ4 S4 and 94 87>A.
Comniercial bills, $4 S2?iQ4 S2*i.
B«r ellver, ti'^c
Mexicans dollars. 47-^c.
Oovernnum bonds taey. Railroad bonds
•leady.
Xew York Stock Slarket.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23— To-Uay's stock mar
ket continued the speculative movement in
kiigurated th-e latter part of last wtek. The
market was bruad, active and strong, though
»'- »i« under ihe necessity of absorbing the
j^'ge amount ol profit taking to-da> as the
reaJt uf the attractive i>ronio accrued en last
week's advances. The cansjiicuous feature o'
irking was the odJ part played by the in
custrtal stocks of the lower grade in the epec
ualuon. In the list ot gains of one point and
upward on the days' transactions not less
Uian forty slocks and industrials will be found
to figure.
Whilt^ the railroad list was not lacking in
ein-ngth, thiß thowing serves to throw ihat
j-irt or the list into the • background. Only a
tifcadlui ot tht raoti proinlnt-nt active &\f ks
moved as much as a point and they were late
coming into ih* aiuvement. St. Paul was the
first vi th»! railroads to show strength which
*yes coupled u-:th professtd expectation or an
»*ny snnountvmtnt of the «uy^osed project of
«tn «-x.tension of tht- line to the Pacific-. The
raiiruaii equiiimtnt btocke naturally held the
loremciit place in the movement in the indus
trials. Tfcti extraordinary demand for all Ttmds
«-'i ..\u25a0.;:.\u25a0:.: for railroads explains in a large
aejjrce the «t£mand :or thtse securities. Th«n
the txiraordinary success of the campaign m
American Locomotixe in breaking the deadlock ;
in th»> speculation last week and giving the
t«rfwii<nll their first taste of tilood recum- j
lafcttaei th^ feik?*- members cf the groat* for
•xi<enni<.-nt. <in similar lines. The condition, of
raiiroed trcftic- is pronounced to be un
tr> c edcctt-4 in the expt-rience of the oldest
cia.!:afc-i=rs who pri'fcsß to b? making every ef
l<jrt_ in thf!r j>ower to avoid- commuting their
companies to greater obligations for iram-por
tttion. being quite overwhelmed by the traffic
now ofltrin^f.
The. utklr.* of profits on the day's rise im
j'airefl the gains considerably* and the closing
tvne was steady.
Hondfc were tteady. Total tales, par value,
W.370.W0.
United Htates 2s declined on call.
New York Stock List.
K. F. Huttcn & Co., 4lK> CaiUornla street.
Bar. Kraneisco, members of the New York
\u25a0 Stock Exchange, lurnish the following official
<juct*tionB ot th^t Exchange:
1 STOCKS. :High:Low.( Bid. I Ask.
.V..'.."-l Adams Express.] | J23<> J2r>s
-Alils Chalmers..] 1..:.. 20\i\ 20%
i r>o pfd |. — I ea^al e3-*
»a,3<Ki;Amal Oopper i&1»i bO'i M-h
100; Am Beet Sugar. 23 25 23 25',
IHOj Do pfd 84 jS3 bO 85
4.500, Am Can Co Ufet 11», HVi 11«4
4,50t«j Do pfd 7Z\\ 72V41 72!^ 72?»
21.600 jAm Car & Fdry 43^* 41«,| 41^4 41*«
2.7C»0| Do pfd jIU2> 2 102»»|lU2 lU2» a
I.COO.Am Cctton OU.. 33V* 33»ii| 33»4 33^
... 1 Do prd j J j94 &»'
100 Am Dist Tel j4O 40 3»»i| 41
|Aci Express ...1 1 |225 230
13,700jAr0 GraES Tirlne| 10 ~%\ »%\ a%
S.Si)o;Am Hide & L 134 S3*ai 33^1 34
200, Am Linseed [ IH% 1S?»| 18 ! 16Vi
..; j Do pfd ! 141 j 42* i
\u26664.Boo'Am Locomotive.^ C)%\ 67^ij 66%' tt&v^
J.ftOO! Do ffd !ll7i'4 1116^1116^, 117
40C»'Am Malt i 6 j s^| 5H 6
200; Do pfd 25 5 !; 25H1 25 28
84,100 Am Smelt & Ref 13oa*ii:»i t il3Oi4 130»,i
1.200, Do pfd |122 il2l?i 121%!122
1.100; Am Sugar :i42%'142 |142 142^4
Lyj pfd .1139 141
6.2o&;Aci Steel Fdrle« 14Vi 13%| 13«! 14
4.100J Do pfd 47V* 45 ! 4«H 47
|Am T«l & Tel 18« ISS«
4.300 Am Tob pfd 102%il02i*'lC2H 102 a,
I».O(K.'JAm Woolen 41%j 41Hi 41 41*%
(#*>\u25a0 Dt> pfd 104Hi104%iu»4 IMI4
100 Anaconda 119*«!119*ijll» 120
JAnn Arbor j 32 37
I Do pfd (•-••"• 73 80
TOO.AUantle C Line. 164% 104 163^ 164
»S,BOCiiA T & Santa Fe «*>i^ B»%j S9^t 8»%
SOOi Do pfd 104 T *]lo4iVlo4V IOoH
6.400i3a1t & Ohio llS^'llS'/i 113U 113' i
100 Do pfd 87?;! 87% 86H 88'
State Out 3-16 14
28,000 B R T 76% 77% 7714) 77ti
.Hrookl>-n U <Ja». 163 190
«'r. j'.mr.t-vi.-k D&I. I&%\ li% 15% 16
..jßutterick Co 55 62
jT. ".».;.. (Canada Southern j 68 68
7,»o<> Candlan Pacific. 173^1172% 173 173 i.i
s,*ooiC & 0 68 I 5-1* 57% 57«4
DOOC & A Ss<4 33 35^ 35%
Do pfd 76 78
C& E I pfd 1.... ISO 133
CI & L pfd 80 100
1.700[C & G W 22 21% 21% 22
I Do pfd A 75ft 76
200' Do pfd B 354 55%! 35% 35»4
I Do Debs [87% 88
400.C &\u25a0 N W 221 ]230 219>i!220
13,3C0:C M&St P UR2?;ilSli4 182 UB2H
loo! Do pfd JIW4IISB4 188 11894
I2.2fio'c R I ft P <new)l S2%| J?2iil 32^1 32%
a.800! Do prd 76«4 1 751/il 76^ 76?»
, Do 4s 83 83U
iChl-^igo Ter | 18 18
j Do pfd j 39 40U
elVVCliieaifo t'n Trac 1241 114 12 12%
1.C0.'l Do pfd 43V| 414 42 43
l.tv^.C C C A St L.. 100 V* 100 !«14 100
s» Do pfd J 117 121
....... £?leve Lor & W.| R2 90
Do pfd 105
10,300-Colo Pu^l & Iron 474 464 46% 47
! Do pfd ! S» 89
4nr,W>lum HC i 1.. 17 17 16% 17
2.300;C010ra<50 So 28% 27% 27Ti 28
700 Do Jut pfd C 3 624 624 63
.600 Do 2d pfd .... 44% l 44 44 j 44^1 '
400ron»ol Gas .. ..UB6 !lS3%ilMUilßfl4 '
7.C<jO;Corn Product* .. I«'6| 154) 154! 15»i ;
I.COO; l>o pfd ! 57% 86 ) Ss' ! W>'
. 2,200. D*! & Hudson.. !2-'lO i22:>M '225 4 '528 »i -
6^o'D L. & XV 4RO '480 J470 !4«f)'
lOCt'Zf & R a M4«i 34% I :;4 I 35
200j Do pf<; ..( SBHI S» I 874 884
lOf»,De* M& Ft D.j 20 i2O 15 21
200 Detroit L'n Ry ..I f12% 02% O2\' t 82% :
SOT>! Detroit So |12 12 12 124 !
1001 Do pfd ". 1424 42 42 43 1
...iDiamond Match j 1 1414 I*2 '
CSOOlDiBtll Eecur .... 43 ! 444 44 44 4 i
..' Do bonds ....' 180 BOV4 1
iDuluth S S & A. I I3;i IC
roo: Do pfd 1 35U 35^ 344 35%
U.iiOO'Erit J 49% 4J»4 *3\i, 4!>V4
1.100! Do lit pfd ...J Sl% Sl% 81% m%
000| Do 2d pfd I 72% 72% 72% 7T%
YYYY.Y. -do nfd .*-." Y.Y.I'. Y.Y. '.Y.Y.I s5 05
....... Federal Steel ...1 119 12J
?•:.... Do pfd ..j 064 «7
t.>...; Ft W 4 D C ...[.:... ;.:... 1 724 "sti
iCen Chemical ...1 . .. . .1. . .. . 71 73
! Do Kfd .....! 100 IC7
7,?>oo'Gen Electric 190%!:Pfl4ll834 IW>
• l.£00:Ore«t No pfd ...i3lB 131 C 315 31«
lGreeue Cons Copl \ 1 27% 27%
mmm^t^^a^^ \u25a0 \u25a0§*\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 «\u25a0\u25a0 1 1 iioT w»\ i"- —^-^»^»*— j*»*-*:^— M— M-
"'..".'.. ..JGrecne Gold ...j s'g 5%
Havana Tob Co | 28 >"<>
Do pfd 37 41
iHocklng Valley 90% 92
200 Do pfd 934 93% 934 94
J«X)|lHlnols Central .. ISO% 179 1804 ISU»4
Interboro 212 213
Inter Marine 14 14%
Do pfd ! 374 37Tg
10,90» Inter Paper 23V 23*4 234 23%
2,300 Do pfd 82% 1 81 U 82% 824
1.700 Inter Power 63% 52 52% 529*
Inter Pump .' 25% 30
... Do" pfd 62 66
700 lowa Central ... 2»% 20% 20 30
BCO| Do pfd 5«»4 59 584 69
jKanawha & Mch ] 35 S3
4,SOOiKC FtS & M pfd 86% i 86 854 56
aCOjKans City So .. 2«4 25% 26% 27
3,800 Do. pfd 55% 1 54 55% 554
IKeokuk & D M | 14 17
ILax-lede Gag pfd.j | . 99 110
2001 Lake Erie & W..j 36 36 34 3«
Do pfd ......I 96 «8
Lehlgh Valley ..j 1 754 77
000 Long Island ... 70% 70 0:» 70
14.C00.L & N 15141152% 153% 15H4
'Mackay 46 4tS%
I l>° Pfd 74 744
10U[Manhattan . ...J166 1«6 \u25a0 166 167
I.4OO.Metropol Secu ..| 81% 81 814 81%
4, bOG Metropolitan S R'127%,-126% 126% 126
O.roo Mexican Central.) 25% 25 23 254
IMinn & St L ...» ! 80 b2
I Do pfd ' 1 100 115
300 MStP & S S Mj137%j1374 137 137%
Do pfd I f 162 K5
l.«»0.Mo Kan & Texas 33% 33% 33% 33%
I 400| Do pfd 694 «9 t'S 191$
3,3oo, JUfßouri Pacific. 105U 105 1044 105V 4
'Nash C & St L 148 150
7,ooo. National Lead .. 4S 47% 47 T s 48
1 D-.r pfd 10.14 106
200 IN RR of Mcx pfd 36 4 1 36 36% 3rt'4
600; National Biscuit. 55% i 554 f>4%| 68%
10.W Do pfd 114%!ll4% 11:541114
. I.OHO-N J Central 2:«) i22H 228 12.30
S.«on'N V Air Brake. |l62 |150 1(',04|161
28.1W0.N V Central . . . |154%j152% 1&3%i15 t%
1.700JN YC& St L..1 554 5141 55 554
1 Do Ist pfd ...| i 115 120
I<«> Do 2d pfd ... 186 SO 83 S6
IN V Dock I 25 2t\y s
100 ; N VN H & Hart 205 205 204 20")
I.BWN V Ont & W... 54 T £ 544 M% 54%
12.«VK:|Norfolk & West. 87%) 8«% 874 S7*i
90d| Do pfd S3 ' 4 !>2 92 !2%
i\>rth American. OSViI 98 !tS 03%
:Northern Secur.. 1 184 1S(!
l.TOtJjNorthern Pac ;.i204%]2i4 COJ 2<44
Omaha | 190 |192
j Do pfd ! 190 '2(0
!O S L 4s \ »6T4 97
jPaciflc Coast ! 101 1054
' Dp Ist rfd j 102 107
i Do 2d prd ..'. .....i .11044 108
10.700 Pacific Mail 48*;] 46%1 48 454
«2.oooiPenn RR Co ... 1454'144%|145 1454
11.700! People's Gas |105««)105 1105% 105%
...IP C C & St L...i ! SO 82
Do pfd I !106 110
17,10fl|Pressed Steel Car 53% 5U4 02 52>i
2.70 Do pfd 101 1004 100%' H0%
Pullman Car Co. ..; 232 |2."i::
12.0fK) Ry Steel SrgT Co. 47% 464 46% l 46%
KiO Do pfd H'4 |104. lir34Jir4
CS.BW Reidlng 1244 1234 123% 123%
Do let rfd ) «2Vi! 93
200! Do M pfd ... OR !9S !)74| <is%
17.flO0:Republle S & I. 274 25*4 26% i 26 = 4
5.»00i Do pfd 9S?s 96-n !>7 »7Ji
ißubber G00d»...J-. I 37 I \u25a0•l\- 3
! Do Pfd 1 1 1101 101
' 5.500 Sloss SS&I Co 73 I 714' 72 724
1 Do pfd ! HO 11*
-St J & G I { j 21? i 22
20<i! Do Ist t>fd ... 63 63 <J24 63
SO" 1 ! Do 2d pfd ... 32 32 32 • :!3
StL & KF Ist pfd 77 81)
2"0 Do 2d pfd ... fi» 69 684 69
(¥K»!St L & S W ... 25 24^i 244 25
1.300] Do pfd (>2 61 «»4 f.l
54.300; Southern Pac ..} 724j 71=; 71 4 71^
100 Do pfd 1120%|120% 120% 121
44.100 Southern Ry ... 37<ii 38% 37 37&
1.2001 Do pfd 99"i» 994 99% 10:)
standard Oil 662 6b'4
3.300 Standard R & T 2 1% IT* 2
6.soOTeTin Coal &I. 90 89 «>»4 89U
• [Texas P L T Co 4«4 48
2.3oo:Texas Taclflc ..) 3.%% 35 ::.">% 3^4
20O'iThlrd Avenue . .1126 125% 125 126
200 ! Toledo R & T Co 33% 33% 33% '\u25a0<*
700»Toledo St L & W 38% 3«4 374 3SVi
100T Do rfd r»7% 5714 574 68
eoo'Twtn City R T. 117% 1174 H"4 118
s.oort!Unlon Bag & P 13»fc! 14% 14V 14^4
C2OOI Do pfd -.1 824! R2 82% 82%
99.200'Un10n Pacific .. 135% '134% 1344 1-'M^«
100 Do pfd . • 9«% 96% 934 »6%
Do cony 4s 133% 158
United Copper 33% 3t
300! United Rof S F 77% 77 77 774
700' Do pfd 92 91% 91% 92
I Do 4s *9% 89%
R00 ! U 8 Cast Iron P 394 3*% -38% 39%
2001 Do pfd 97 97 96% 97
O S Express 122 126
U S Leather 15 U>%
j Do pfd HI 115
30C)U S Realty & C 894 89% 80 89
2 00o!u SR & R Co. 31% XI 31% 314
900| Do Pfd 71 704 70 Tig
2 300U S Rubber ... 54 534! 534 W 3 *
IOO! Do pfd 1104 1104 JH0V4 110%
«7«OO'U S Steel Cor .. 394 38%! ™% 3R "I
lo'lOft" Do pfd 11054U05 |1 05 Hi 105*5
V.VWVa-Car Chem Col 34% I 344 34 344
200! Do pfd hf}74110T%!107 107%
.WtWabwh I 22 21% 214 214
1.300J Do Pfd J424 42 42 42 U
. ...! Do deb Bs ..! 75 754
. .'Wells Fanco Ex. ....'. ..... 2.W 245
* Vrf)o!we(.tern Union..! O3>J 0.1U! OS% 93%
1 10n Wertinghou*e -.178 17.% (172 1704
200J Do list rfd ...1»7 109 180 107
W&L E • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\H "
Do Ist Pfd .....3» 40
Do 2d pfd ~ 24^' 25 '^
'"WwiKonMn Cen.. 31% 81% flfi IW'
400! Do pfd _•• 634 « I C3%| 63? i
1,031,400— T0tal shares sold. '
Tirrr York Donda. - '
U S ref 2s reg..1034 Japan"6s, 2d ser. 87%
. Do coupon 1034 Do 44«. cert.. 984
Do 3s reg 1034 Do 2d seri«« 90%
Do coupon .104% L & N unified 45.104%
Do old 4s reg.104% Man con gold 45.1034
Do coupon 104% Mtx Central 45... 81 M.
Do new 4s reg.133% Do Ist 1n0..*.. 25%
Do conpon 134% Minn & St L 4s. 97
Amer Tob 4«.... 80 M, X & Texas 4».1O14
Do 65 114 Do 2ds 88
Atch gen 4* 102% NR of Mez con 4s S'JVi
Do adj 4s 99 NYC gen 345.. 99<>k
Atlantic C L 45.101% N J C gen Bs 134%
Bait & Ohio 45..10?.4 Nor Pacific 4* 104%
Do 34s 95% Do 3s 78%
Brooklyn RT c4s 96 Nor & W con 45.101%
Central of G* 55.116 OS L refdg 45... 97
Do Ist lnc 05% P a cony 34s 105%
Do 2d lnc R2 4 Reading gen 45.. .101
Da 3d mc 77 jS L & I M con 58.1154
Ohee& Ohio 44&-1084 S L & S F fg 4s. 89%
Chl&: Alton 345. Sl4|st L S W con 4s. 834
C.B & Q new 45.101% Seaboard A L 4s. 894
C,R I & Pac 4b. 8» So Pacific 4b Jis
Do col 65..... 93 Do- lrt -4», \u25a0 eert.'!rr "
C.CC & SLgn 48.1034 So Railway 5«. ..120%
Colo Ind ss. er A 74 Tex & Pac 1n5.. 125
Do se, «er 8. . 72T-; Tol.St L & W 4s. 85
Colo Midland 4s. 76 Union Pacific 45..]05
Colo & So 4«... 94% Do cony 45....i;j6%
Cuba 6s ...105% U 8 \u25a0 Steel 2d 5».-Jl3'
Den & Rio O 45.101% Wabash Ist 119%
Diet Securities 5s 80% Do deb B 751!
Erie prior Men 4s. 101 %| Western Md 45.. 57%
Do sren 4« 94 ;W & L Erla 4«.. 91
Hock Val 44«---IH. JWls Central 45.. 974
Japan c* '„. 09 J
»rr York Slinfne Mocks.
Adams Con 25! Little Chief 03
Alice 67j Ontario • 110
Breece 4fr|Ophlr 525
j Brun? Con 47 Phoenix ol
I Com Tunnel .... OS Potosl ;.... 12
Con Va Mln Co. 1 60 Savage us
, Horn Silver 1 70; Sierra Nevada 28
I Iron Silver 3 00J Small Hopes 30
I Leadvllle Con ... 00| Standard 179
! Hotiton Stock* and Hand*. -
• Money— U S Steel ....33%
Call loans li<SC4 Do pfd .... ....IOR%
1 Time loans 5{j54 Weeting Common. 85'
Bonds — . . - Mining—
Atchison 4s .....102% Adventure 9%
Do adj 45..... 9S Allouez ......... 46
Mcx Central 45.. SO Ami] Copper .... 85%
Railroads— - Atlantic 27'
Atchison S94!Ringham :..324
Do pfd 104 4i Calumet Sl Hecla. 69o
Boston & Albany.2s7 .' j Centennial ....... .*£
Boston & Malneul"B ! Copper Rang* \u25a0 ...75
Boston EUv ..,.153. IDaly West ..— i
Fltchburg pfd. ..142 jFranklln 184
Mcx Central .... 244Granby; ..«>%,
N V, N H * H. 204 flsle Royale \u0084....- 25
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY; OCTOBER ."24;-: 1905.
Union Paciflo ...134%; Mass Mining ... IOTs
Miscellaneous — } Michigan 15%
Amer Arge Chem 25 \i > Mohawk - . 60%
Do pfd 93 I Mont Coal & Coke 3*i
Amer Pneu Tube. «Vi! North Butto . . . . 5«
Amer Sugar 112 Old Dominion ... 32
Do pfd i:J9>*'- Oscoola •• -H3
Amer Tel & TeU3S Parrot 27%
Amer Woolen ... 41 iQuincy 107
Do pfd UO?i Shannon s.\. 8%
Dom. Iron & S.. 22 j Tamarack 127
Ed Elect Ilium. 249%[Trlnity Q%
Gen Electric ....189 United Copper ... 33%
Ma?s EJectric ... 13 U S Mining./... Xo%
Do pfd r»« us on ;.. 10^
Mass Gas 51 Utah .47%
! United Fruit . ..107 U, Victoria; 6%
L'n Shoe Mach... 74% i Wlnona 11
Do pfd .. .'. 31%| Wolverine ...... .127Vi
THE COPPER STOCKS.
BOSTON. Oct. 23.— There wm 'more real
liquidation to-day than for come , time. The
traders took advantage of strength of Copper
Range to 6ell the whole list. The buying of
Butte was concentrated in two houses, both
of which bought several ' thousand shares. Old
Dominion declared a. dividend of 50c, but the
stock eo!d off a point on the news.
; -: , London. Cloninc Stocks.
Cons for money.. 8-8% N V Central.. . ..157
Do for acct 68% N>or & Western.. 89
Anaconda 6Vi Do pfd 95
Atchlson t 92 Vs Ont & Western.. 66
Do pfd 10751 Pennsylvania 74%
Balf/fe Ohio Hwj^alßand Mines «Vi
Can Pacific 177 V, Road Ing G3%
Ches & Ohio f,9 | Do Ist pfd 48
Chi Great West. 22% Do 2d pfd 60
Chi, Mh & St P.lBO !So Railway 37%
De Beers 17^1 Do pfd 101
Den & Rio G... 34% So Pacific ....... 73%
Do pfd 90% Union Paciflo 13N}£
Erie 50*, D o pfd 99
Do Ist pfd 83% U S Steel 3fi>6
Do 2d pfd 74 IDo pfd 108^4
111 Central ISS Wabash ...' 22
Louis & Na5h... 157 Do pfd 43
M. X & Texas... 34%|SpanUh 4s 93 V4
Bar silver — Steady; 28 13-10 d per ounce.
Money — 3%@>4 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market
for short bills is 4 per cent and for three
months' bills 4 per cent. '
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON', Oct. 23. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund shows:
Available cash balances, $131,237,393; gold
coin and bullion, $76,334,702; gold certificates,
$io, 152,900.
.New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— The market made
another advance to-day. The weather over
Sunday was very unfavorable, the advices
reporting frosts over a large portion of the
Eastern belt, with temperatures .in a few
places down to 32 degrees. It is impossible
to tell how much damage was done,' although
it is 'claimed to be serious in some localities.
In spite of heavy realizing the market main
tained a very firm tone, accentuated by- the
expectation that the .census report on cotton
ginned to October 10 will show about 4.500,000
baits. There is said to be an improving de
mand for spot cotton from exporters and mills.
The report by the Weather Bureau of kill
ing frosts caused a wave of buying, on which
prices advanced 1C to 17 points. The market
reacted moderately, however, on rather liberal
profit taking and on Belling from a quarter
from which large crop estimates have eman
ated.
There is good demand for spot cotton abroad
with sales of 8000 bales at an advance of 8
points to 5.C2. The sharp rise, in the Eng
lish market is attributed to the cold weather
over the belt Sunday night and Sunday. Ac
cording to the Government weather reports
Issued last night heavy to klllnlg frosts oc
curred in the northern part of the East Gulf
and South Atlantic States and light frosts oc
curred at most shores of the gulf.
Dallas, Texas, wires: "We are reliably In
formed that the National Ginners are out and
make 45 per cent of the crop ginned 4,453,900."
Futures opened strong. October, 9.90 c; De
cember, 10.22 c; January, 10.37 c; February,
10.40 c; March, 10.53 c; April, .10.60 bid; May,
10.60 c
Futures closed steady. October, 10.09 c; No
vember. 10.11 c: December, 10.29 c: January.
lO.Xttc; February. 10.46 c; March, 10.57 c; April,
10.fi2c; May, 10.67 c.
Spot closed quiet, 10 points higher. Mid
dling uplands. lO.BOc; do gulf, 10.75 c; sales,
2200 bales.
»w York Grain nnd Produre.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23.800 barrels; exports, 9600 barrels. Steady.
WHEAT — Receipts. 151,500 bushels; export*,
fl",500 bushels. Spot, ateady; No. 2 red, 92c
elevator and 93'/ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duhith, inkr f. a' b. "afloat. -The opening
market was firmer on bullien cables, but yield
ed to realizing and big world's shipments. A
second upturn on bull support and covering
was followed by late unloading and an cany
close, %c net advance. May closed at 91% c
and December at 924 c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL — Steady.
HlDES— Firmer.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
(X3FFEE — The coffee market was easier to
day on European cables and expanding receipts
at Rio. It now looks as mough this month's
receipts at Rio and" Santera may reach 1,650.000
baprfi. against an early estimate of 1,450,000.
Production is below consumption and should
reduce our visible supply steadily next year.
Futures closed steady at a net decline of 5-fi'lO
points. Sales were reported of 30,250 bags, in
cluding: November, 6.75 c; December, 6.75@
O.feOc; March.-- 7@-7.15c; May. 7.20@7.30c; July,
7.35 c. Spot — Rio, No. 7 invoice, 84c; mild,
steady; Cordova, 10@13c.
SUGAR — Raw, quiet; rarr refining, 215-10 c;
refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Firm. Weetern factory, common
to extra. 13i@17%c. •
CHEESE— Steady and strong. State, full
creams, ll%(@'l2iic.
EGGS — Firm. Western extras, firsts, 25c; do
seconds, 20@22c.
DRIED FIiUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
without change. Common to good are quoted
at 5@64c; nearby prime, 74@7%c; prime, He-
Sales of prime fruit for November are reported
at Be.
PRUNES — Are unchanged, with quotations
ranging from 44c to 7%e, according to grade.
APRICOTS— Are in light demand for spot,
but supplies are not pressed for sale and prices
are firmly held. Choice are quoted at 84<5' a c;
extra choice, 9%®U*ic; fancy. 10@114c.
PEACHES — Remain nominal, i
RAISINS — Are firm, owing to smaller offer
lugs from sources outside the combTnaTTbn.
Loose muscatel are quoted at <!*i@7«4c: seeded
raisins, s%<&S'&c; London layers, $1 15@1 2a
\cu York Mctul Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23. — The London tin mar
ket was about Is -hither, with spot closing- at
£1411 and futures at £14S. Locally the market
continued quiet. Spot was quoted at $32 503. I
82 75. ' \u25a0•.-*• .-\u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0
Copper was also higher abroad, closing at
£72 12s 6d for spot and £70 17s Od for future* i
In the London market. Locally no change i&
apparent: Immediate demand Is said to be
light but the market Is in a firm position.
Electrolytic Is quoted at $16 25@16 C 24; lake,
$10 374(516 75; casting. $IC@l6 374.*
Lcad'was a shade lower at £14 lfis in. Lon
don. Locally the market continues firm. Sup
plies for forward shipment are still available
to consumers at the old rate of $4 85 but gen
erally speaking orders for future delivery are
subject to quotations at date of shipment.. The
spot market Is quoted at $5 1505 40. |
- Iron was higher abroad. Locally . Iron was
firm. ' >:-\u25a0•;£\u25a0-• --.j L '••*»-\u25a0' - *
CHICAGO BOARD Oft TRADE.
Future Grain and Provlalonsw
CHICAGO, Oct. 23. — Higher prices for
wheat at Liverpool had a steadying effect to
day on the wheat market here. The market
was steady the entire session, notwithstanding
a bearish attitude on the part of pit traders.
Buying of the . May delivery by . commission
houses was a feature of trading. Another
feature was support of December by a leading
long. The firm tone of the Liverpool mar
ket, said to be due : to an advance of 6d in
RuEsian off erincs, imparted more or leas firm
ness to the market . her from I the start, initial
quotations on December being a' shade. to 4@
%c higher at 87%©87% c. . Weekly statistics
were considered bearish. The amount, of bread
stuffs on passage for the week Increased 1,488,
000 bushels compared with the total for the
previous week.. There was an almost similar'
amount of decrease for the corresponding weejc
of last year.- World's shipments were liberal,
totaling 12,016,000 bushels, against 10,673j000
bushels last week and 10,920,000 bushels a /ear
ago. / a.
\u25a0 The bears, however, were held In checjs^by
demand from a.promlnent, bull who bought on
every indication of a slump In: values. For
' December the range In prices for the day was"
confined within 4c, . the lowest point being
reached at 86% c. Opening quotations marked
the highest point . of the day. The \u25a0 close was
! steady with December selling at 86%©-87 c .. \
A sharp advance In' the price : of corn , at
Liverpool caused firmness in the market for
that cereal here. Selling of December by a lo
; cal packer was a feature of. trading. -The
market closed firm. December opened., %c .to
40' Vie higher 'at 45c to 45@45%c, sold off; to
44T^c and closed at 44%045c. . f-
Qirength was manifested In the oats market.
One of the principal causes; was* a cablegram
all c-fring that the Russian Government had de
cided to prohibit the exportation of oats from
Baltic ports, one commission house being ac
credited with purchases of .. . over r 1,000,000
bushels. The market closgd' at practically .the
highest point of the day.- December opened < a
shade to J/s@%c higher at 29V6c to 29% c. sold
between 2»@29&e and 294 c and closed at 29%
.®294c - .:\u25a0 ;•". - V' 1 - \u25a0"\u25a0-. -:-"\u25a0•- \u25a0-'•-'\u25a0" \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '"\u25a0'•\u25a0 -
*Provisions were easier on selling, of, lard and!
ribs by leading packers, j At the close-Janu
at,:»Q»;ft»fa.t^3t.<Brt» 11 M -1- iinni «TWt -irmYti iarfl \u25a0\u25a0ma lAnii \u25a0\u25a0 it Ml
ary' pork was ofMo@l2}{>c,~ lard was down'Oc
and ribs were 7%c lower. ...
The leading- iuturea ranged as follows::* -. -
Articles — \u25a0 . \u25a0-;' Open.' High. "Low. Close.'
Wheat No. 2— \u25a0 •
December ...:. B7M' S7>4 -m% S<sTs'
May .:......... hl% SS • ' b7'/i . ,'. 87%
Corn ' No. 2- —
October : r.o3i r.0% 50%;. .50%"
Dec. (01d). . . . . : 45% f 4&? i 4r>^j ' 45%
Dec. (new)..... 45^j "45^ 44% 45;
May ..:........ 44% 44-Ji 44W. '44%
Oats No. 2— ' v. '"--
October r 29%
December ..... 29Vi 29}4 29^ '29%
May 31% 32 - 3Ua 31%
Mess Pork, j?er bbl —
October ..../T..16 15 10 15 16 10 10 10
Januaiy ...'T...12 37% 12 37i512 27^i 12 27^
Lard.. per 100 lbs — ] .
October ........ 705 :7: 7 05 7.00 7 02%
November 7 05 7' 10 6 97% 7. 00
January • 8 6 " 7 *a - 6 721 ' 4 6 .' 5
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— - or
October 7 65 . 765 7&> .65
January .6 47% 6 47% 6 42% 6 4i%
May 6 62% 6 67% 6 62% 0 62%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Cash' quotations , were
as follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat,
Ssfi!*c; No.' 3, 75@S6c; No. 2 red, 8«94(g87%c;
No. 2 corn, 52-352'^c; No.'. 2 yelloxv. • 53»,i@
53% c; No. 2 oats, 29% c; No. 2 white 30c;. No.
3 jvhite, -20©30i4c: No. 2- rye, US %i& 7oc; good
feeding barley, 37% c; fair to choice malting,
41@46c; No. 1 flax seed,. 92c; No. l'North
western,* OSc; prime timothy seed, ?3 20; mess
! pork, per bbl, $14 50@14 75: lard, per ICO lbs,
*7 02%; short ribs sides (loose). $7 60@7 05;
short' clear sides (boxed), ?5@8. 25; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 80; clovSr, contract
grade, $13 25. ,*• ' ' _^,
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels: jV.A P' so^
Wheat, bushels. »T.e«O \u25a0 042.900o 42.900
Corn, bu5he15.:.. ....... ...102,200
Oats, bushels ..373.300 318.8C0
Rye bushels •••• 2.000- 2,000
Barley, bushels ...\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .102.400 g 98,100
Butter, Cheese and Eggi; •
CHICAGO, Oct. 23. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day -the butter • market . was firm;
creameries, 17%@21%c;. dairies. . 18%@19c.
Eggs, best firm, others easy; at mark, cases
included, ISc. Cheese, firm, 11%@12c. "
ELGIN 111. Oct. 23. — Butter advanced %c a
pound hore to-day, being quoted at 22% c.
Sales for the week wtre 600.000 pounds.
EASTEKX LIVESTOCK MARKET.
... Cbicaco. .\u25a0 •
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts,
33,000: best steady, others 10c lower. Beeves,
S3 «5@6 80; stockers and feeders. $2 10@4 30;
cows and heifers, ?1 15@4 50; Texans, *3 40®
4 50: Western steers, $3 25® 4 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 32.0C0; to-morrow, ; esti
mated. 23,000; steady. Mixed and butchers.
?4!KKgS 25",; good to choice heavy, ?5 25^
5 52V6: rough heavy, $4 75(84 05; light, -J4U5©
5 40; pigs, $4 80@5 35; bulk of sales, ?5 10®
SHEEP— Receipts. 42,000; strong. Sheep, |4
64 50; lambs, ?4 75®7 75. ; ": V
OlllUllZl. \u25a0 • <:r',U
OMAHA. Nebr.. Oct. 23.—CATTLE-^-Re
celpts, ;6500;; 6500; steady. Native steers, $4S>5 80;
cows and heifer*. ? 2 75@4 40: steers,
$3^4 85; cows and heifers, $2©3 50; canners.
517552 50: stockers and feeders, $2 oO^4 20;
calves $35}'5 75; bulls and stags, ?1 ,T5«?3 00.
. HOGS Recelcts. 430(>; ' market steady • and
BtronV^Heavy. f 5«*6 70; • mixed, SS 10®5 2O;
light.%s 15^5 25; Pigs. $4 50^5; bulk ot sales,
f °SHEEI^— Receipts, 2900; . marker steady.
AVestern, $5 50®6; wethers. ?3@5 60; ewes,
$4 75®6 10; lambs, ?7#7 50.
KnniiiH City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Oct. 23.-CATTLE-
Receipts, 2O.(XX>; steady to 10c lower. =\u25a0 'Native
steers, $4Q4 00; native cows and heifers, $1 ,5
©4 75; stockers and feeders. ?240®4.25; bulls.
$2®2 25 ; calves, $2 50®t5 25 : Western steers,
S2trva4 50: Western cows. '" $2©3 £>. •\u25a0
HOGS Receipts, 7000; weak to 5c lower.
Bulk. $5 10@5 15: heavy. $5 10-gG 20; packers,
$5 KVffS 17 V>: pigs and light, $4 io®-5 1».
SHFEl 33 — Receipts. (5000; steady. Muttons,
$4 25<?(. r > 40: lambs, ?5 75@7 50: range^ wethers,
$4 00(@5 40; fed ewes. $3 75@4 75. , • ;
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— *; ! >,: T* c - March.
Onr-rlne • fi^ l^* R 1(>!^
Closing 6 n^» 6 10^»
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct - Jan. -'A pi
fw nin[! . 22 l»o 23 6o
Closing \u0084..22 90 ~S «o
Flour — oi .< ai in
rttionln^ 31 40 ol XV
Closing •' • 31 55 77 \u0084
St. Louis AVool Market.
ST LOUIS Oct. 23. — Wool steady:, medium
grades combing and clothing . 2«%031c; light,
fine. 2J@27c; heavy, fine, 10@23c; tub washed,
32i&'42c. ' ' '' •
Hops In London.
LIVERPOOL. Octr23.— Hops In London '^Pa
cific Coast, dull. £2 10s@£3 10s. ..;
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 23.— WHEAT— Club, 73®
74c- bluestem.' 76@77c; valley, 72c.
• WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 23.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem, 76c; club. 73c; red, 89e.
Northern Hastiness.
PORTLAND, Oct. 23.— Clearings, $1,142,473;
balances, $131,377. .
TACOMA. Oct. 23. — Clearings. $717,368; bal
ances, $.">0.17&.
SEATTLE, Oct. 23. — Clearings, $1,235,098;
balances, $272,477.
SPOKANE, Oct. 23.— Clearings, $6SS,S4I;.
balances, $52.901. \u25a0\u25a0 ,\u25a0 \u25a0
LOCAL MARKETS.
Kxchnn^e nnd Bullion.
Bllver was %c lower.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. . •— <&'4 '834
Sterling Exchange, eight — ®l 874
Sterling Exchange, cables — @4 884
New Tork Exchange, sight — <g> 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — @ 074
Silver, per ounce .".." 624® —
Mexican Dollars, nominal — @ 474
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris .5.16%
New York o n Mexico ...202
Paris on London 25.154
Berlin on L0nd0n...... 20.46
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The world's . shipments for the
week were as follows. In quarters : Russian.
457.000; Danublan. 330,000; Argentine, 68,000;
Indian. 44,000.
There wa3 no particular change in either
Eastern or local markets yesterday, both ruling
steady to firm.
The members of tho grain trade of the Mer
chants' Exchange at a special meeting yester
day adopted 58 pounds to the bushel as the
standard for No. 1 'White California Wheat.
Standards of Bluestem and White Walla
Wheat, harvest of 1905, as prepared by -the
Chamber of Commerce of rortland, Or., have
been adopted by the ; grain committee of the
Merchants' Exchange and can be obtained from
Chief Grain Inspector. Bunxer of the San Frar
cisco Exchange. Wheat of the above grades Is
now deliverable in fulfillment of contracts cold
en the exchange, under. the amended rules of
June. 27. 1905. .
CABH WHEAT. -
California/ Club, $1 40®l 45; California
White Australian, $1 50@>l 55; lower grades of
California Wheat, $1 15@1 30: Northern Club,
spot, $1 40ft 1 424; Northern Bluestem, $1 4o@
1 474; Northern Bed, $1 32401 35 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9to 11:30 a. m. . -
Open.' High. Low. Clow.
December ...$1 39 $139% $139 $1 39U
May ........ 1434 143H 1 43% 143^
2 p. m. Sesslon.~>''?- f-;;; ..
December— sl 39*4;
BARLEY — The week opened with a very,
strong market- for the cash . grain, and .no
: bright Feed could be bought under $1 15, while
some holders would not even sell -at that figure.
Receipts were small. • Futures were very act
ive in sympathy with the spot situation, and
on the . morning session - roße from -. $1 15 .to
$117, but subsequently fell back to $1 164 for
December.
CASH BARLEY. /
Feed. $1 05@l 10 for common and $1 124®
1 15 ' for good to choice; new Brewing, $1 16ii
@1 174; Chevalier, $1 174@1 32% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 1 1:30 a. m.
.-Open. .High. Low.' Close.
DecembeprtOl 154 $1 "- $1 15%. $1 l«s'
May JyrT.-- 119 1 10% 1 IOVi -1194
yr .. '2 p., m. Session. . . .^ ;.
I Open. '\u25a0>" High. Low. Close.
December ,/.$l 104 $1 1«4 - 1 1 16^4 '< $1 104
May ........ 1 19%-; 1 IOVi - 1 19% 1 19%
OATS— The market was : steady and un
changed. 1 * Six ctls came in ; from
Washington. The * Grain , Kxchange adopted
standards for the coming yeaa- as follows: -No.
1 White Milling, : 37 lbs; No. 1 Black Feed. .32
lbs per bushel. ' .\u25a0•'"' ' * > ' . . : .-.»\u25a0;
The Oat \u25a0 market Is in very strong condltlo;i
all over the world: ; A \u25a0 Chicago wire yesterday
said that the Russian Government has decided'
to restrict the exports of Oats from the Baltic. 1
The Chicago Record-Herald' sayg that export
ers cannot : recall I a year wnen thereT was , such
a long sustained demand for.; Oats for .- export.*
and it is true ; that . there was : never, before a
season .when .' thie ; foreign -, demand \u25a0 started ;. so
early. Europe , began buying Oats - before - her
own harvests were ; completed and ; has- been
keeping, at it in Increaeing volume ever: since:;
Competent", authorities estimate exports • from
Chicago alone, thus far at : 15,000,000 Jbushels.
v ßed.- $1 3501 60 -for, choice.'. Jl 25^)1 324 for
f air -to good and $1:1501 224 ;; for v common:
Black. $1- 60® 1-75 - for / good . to * choice > for ' seed !
end down :to $1' 25 for; ordinary feed;': White.
SI 35@1 < 474 : \u25a0 Graye; nominal. ' :
• • CORN— Com, ] according to Chicago ; advices, i
is in excellent • demand for \u25a0 export,' and at least
20.000,000 bushels have' already been sold to
clear from Gulf ports before February. 1. Old
Corn is' unusually well cleaned out of 'the
\u25a0 country. : : ' •' . - ' 'j. '
The market here shows no change worthy. of
! note. ''- • •' \u25a0• ' \u25a0 \u25a0 ••\u25a0'\u25a0"* •\u25a0 -
Western sacked, $1 40©l 50 for Yellow,
$1 '32%® 1 37H for White and $1 4U(gl 42% for
Mixed; California- large Yellow, nominal;
email round do, $1 <io©l 05; White, nominal:
Egyptian, $140@l 50 for White and $1 35®
1 40 for Brown.- • •
; RYE— $l 42%@1 52}£ per ctl. The Inside
quotation is for Eastern.
. BUCKWHEAT— SI_7S®2_2S per ctl.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 So@.
5 10. ; usual terms: Bakers* - Extras. $4 705 5:
Oregon : and Washington. $3 75@4 25 per bbl..
FARINACEOUS GOODS — Prices in packages
arc -as- follows: Graham Flour, $3 25. per -100
lbs;, 'Rye Flour. $3 75; Rye ileal.' s3 50;- Rice
Flour,-.$S; Corn Meal, ?2 75; extra Cream do,
$3 75; Oat Meal. $4 60@l 75; Oat Groats, $4.75;
Hominy ,'\u25a0 $3 70@4; Buckwheat Flourf $t 'M'ip
4 75; ..Cracked Wheat, $3 75; -Farina, $4 50:
Wholv Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls,
$7®B; In eacks. $0 50@7,50; Pearl Barley, J8;
Split-Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green Peas. $5i50 per
100 lbs. ' ' \u25a0\u25a0• ' - '\u25a0
Hay and Feedstuff!).
The week opened with the Hay market in
very good shape for sellers. The demand was
decidedly better and the retailers were in force
at the - auction. They were after the finer
grades, ! and one extra fine car of Wheat sold
at $17 50. Of the receipts of 840 tons there
•were only 24 cars, showing a continuation of
the car shortage. ' \u25a0 \u25a0 .
Bran is showing weaker symptoms, owing
to -increasing arrivals from the * north,, with
more to come. Yesterday 11.537 ctls. came In
from Oregon ' and '1453 from Washington.
Prices show no decline as yet, however.
BRAN— $23@24 per ton. . >'.\t '
MIDDLINGS— S26 50®29 50 per ton.
SHORTS— S23©24 per ton. , nm
FEED6TUFFS — Rolled Barley, $24(325;
Cocoanut Cake at > mill. $20 50; Jobbing.
$21-- Cocoanut Meal at mill, $20 50; Jobbing,
$21; Corn Meal, $30@30 50; Cracked Corn.
$30 50@31; Mixed Feed, 1 . $23@24; Horse
Beans. $30@40 per ton ; Broom Corn Feed. 900
per ctl- Calfalla Meal, carload lots, $21 j Job
bing, $22 50 per. ton; Mea.lfalfa, . $18 in car lots
and $2(T for emaller quantities.
HAY — Wheat, $1150010 60; Wheat and Oat,
$11©15 50; Oat, $9@13 50; Barley and Oat,' sSfl
12; Barley, $S®11; Volunteer Wild' Oat, $7@11;
sUble. ?e@S; stock, $5@7; Alfalfa, $6 5069 50
per ton. . \u0084 . \u25a0 ..
STRAW— 3O@SOc per bale. ,
DeanM and Seeds. :=',;\u25a0.'
Beans showed further fluctuations yesterday,
both up and doww. Receipts were very large,
being 20,050 sacks. The situation In general
remanls as at the close of last week. • .
BEANS— Bayos $3 25@3 50; Pea, $3 25@4;
Butter, $3 50- small White. $3@3 15; large
White, $2@2 45; Pink, $1 So@2; Red, $2 50@3;
Lima. here. $3 40©3 50; Red Kidneys. $3 50©
4 25; Blackeyes. vS4 40@4 60 ; per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 75@1 85. * ' \u25a0 ..' \u25a0\u25a0. *
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 75; Yellow,
Mustard, $3 50@3 75; Flaxseed, nominal; Ca
nary, «V4OBHc: \u25a0 Alfalfa, 12c; Rape, 2@2%c;
Timothy. 5%C; Hemp. 3%c per lb; Millet, 2%
@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per ton.
DRIED TEAS — Nlles, $1 75@2 10; Greei
Peas. $1"50@2. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 f^ -
\u25a0 .Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes • were liberal over Sun
day and included 3 carloads, of Salinas Bur
banks. There was an urgent demand for Sa
linas stock, the market having previously been
quite- bare of that description, and \u25a0 the . fresh
arrivals were quickly closed out at firm rates.
River goods continued dull and weak, except
for a few well known brands of fancy stock.
Onions ruled firm at a furtner advance.
Changes in miscellaneous vegetables . were
slight. Receipts of most descriptions were
ample and choice stock cleaned up readily at
steady rates.
POTATOES — River Whites, 40®65c per ctl;
Salinas Burbanks, 90c@$l 25 per ctl; Sweet
Potatoes, Merced, $1 25@1 40 per ctl; river,
$1 per ctl.
ONIONS — Yellow. 85c@$l per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4(gsc per lb;
String and Wax Beans,* 3@4c per lb;
Lima Beans, 3<tr3H>c per lb; Tomatoes.
50i@S5c per .. box; Summer Squash $1 25
per box; Cucumbers, 75c^$l per box; Cabbage,
60c per ctl: Carrots, 50®li0c per sack; Garlic.
G'/dfatic P?r lD : Eks Plant, 40@50c per box; ,
Green Peppers, 40® 00c per dox; Green Okra,
65©75 c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $7 SO® 10
per ton; Hubbard Squash. $10®12 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Trade in Poultry was quiet, as most re
tailers were liberally supplied from the heavy
receipts of lasf week, and a feeling of easiness
prevailed throughout the market. A car ct
Western was marketed, but did not clean up.
Arrivals of Game were liberal and some kinds
of Wild Ducks were lower.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 20@22c per lb;
Geese, per pair, $2; Goslings, $2 25@2 50:
Ducks, $3 5004 per dozen for old and $4 tO@
5 50 for young; Hens, $4@4 50 for small and
$6@7 for large;, young ' Roosters, ?5(§5 50; old
Roosters, $4 50*8 5; Fryers, ,$3 SOQA; Broilers,
J3@3 50; Pigeons. $1 25W1 50; Squabe. $2®2 25.
• GAME — Per dozen— Mallard Ducks. $4@5;
Canvasback, Sprig, $'-Hg-i; Gray Ducka,
$2 50; Teal. $2; Red Heads, $2 50; Widgeon. $2;
small Ducks. $2; Gray Geese. $2@3; White
Geese. $I@l 50; Brant, $2 for large and $1 50
tor small: Hare, $2; Cottontail Rabbits, $2 50;
Brush Rabbits. $1 50. .
llutter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Dairy Exchange opened Informally yes
terday. It had not been tno intention to begin
the regular sessions for the establishment of
tho dally ; market until November 1, but tho
attendance was so large — thirty houses — and
the desire to do business co keen that the mem
bers found themselves bidding and asking their
prices for Butter, Cheese and Eggs so actively
that they decided to accepx the figures as the
market quotations for the day. The first sale
was of five cast-e of extra creamery Butter at
31 %c. For Choice mild new Cheese 13 YjC was
bid and refused. The surprise of the session
was the sudden Jump In Eggs, buyers running
tho market for fancy up xo 4Sc without get
ting any. The fact Is, there are practically no
fresh ranch Eggs of extra, quality in. town.
The session of the Exchange, contrary to all
expectations, completely destroyed streetTJricea
and put them all at 6ea, hence they must, for
the ' moment at least, be considered largely
nominal. The new method of conducting . the
Exchange la completely different from the old,
as on this Exchange the actual transactions
mako- the market, whereas on the Exchange
which existed some years ago there were no
transactions. The trade are very enthusiastic
over, tho new Exchange, and if it- works here
after regularly as well as it did yesterday'in
formally it will undoubtedly be a great success
and of incalculable benest ,to the Dairy trade
of the whole coast. \u25a0 The sessions will be con
tinued to-day.
Receipts were 54.000 lbs Butter, BSOO, lbs
Cheese and 763 cases Eggs.
Official Exchange quotations are as follows:
BUTTER— Fresh— California Extras. . 31% c,
firm; firsts, 30c, -firm; seconds, 25@26c, weak.
Eastern extraa — 24c; firsts. 23c. Eastern La
dies — Extras, 20c; firsts, l&c. Storage jroods —
California extras, 24c, firm; firsts, 23c; East
ern firsts, 23c. Ladles — Firsts, 19c, steady.
EGGS Fresh — California selected. 48c, firm;
firsts, 45@40c firm; seconds, 42&@44c, steady;
thirds, 25@27c, weak; store, nominal. , Eastern
— Selected, 27*4 c; firsts, 24@25c; seconds. 20z.
Storages-California selected, 27c; firsts, 25c;
seconds, 24c. California store — Selected. 25c;
firsts. 24c; Eastern selected, 25c; firsts, 23®24c.
CHEESE — New — California fancy, 13VjC,
firm; firsts, 12^c. • firm; seconds, 11%@12c,
firm. Storage — California fancy, 12% c.
.v;-f. Deciduous and Citrus Fruits..
The market for fresh fruits opened tho week
with trade of average proportions and quota
tlos showed but little change from Saturday's
closing prices. Table Grapes were generally
easy, receipts being liberal and the carry-over
from Saturday large. Small packages were
relatively weaker than large boxes, as there
was no shipping demand and the large packers
found the most favor with local buyers. There
was a little better movement reported In fancy
Apples, but ' prices Bhowed no Improvement,
supplies being well , up to requirements. The
other orchard fruits were quoted steady to firm
at previous prices. Melons \u25a0 were dull nt Ir
regular rates, being mostly iof poor quality.
Large - Strawberries and Raspberries were In
light receipt and the best lots met with prompt
sale at higher prices. There were no Long
worth Strawberries or Blackberries received.
In the Citrus market Oranges and Grape Fruit
ruled firm and Lemone were steadier. The car
of Intermediate crop Navels, which arrived on
Saturday, was marketed and met with a good
demand at $4@4 50 per box. New crop Navels
from Placer County, rather green, sold at $3 50
per box. \ <':\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0. .
STRAWBERRIES — Per chest— Longworth*.
nominal; large varieties, $405 50; Santa Clara
Berries, $G@B. '•• '\u25a0 \u25a0
• RASPBERRIES— Per cnest. $S@l2.
BLACKBERRIES — Nominal. ;
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@IOc per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, JBSIO 50 . per
bbl; Oregon, S3 25 .per box. .
• APPLES— SSc®SI per box for fancy and 400
75c for common -to choice. . . . : .
PEARS — Bartlett," ' $2@2 50 per • box; Win
ter. Nellis,* $1 25@1 50 per box; other varieties,
75ce$l 25 per 'box. -«'®£3Sft^roa«giMQ£fti§ !
PLUMS— 7sc@si per; box or crate. ..
POMEGRANATES— 7S(@9Oc for small and
$1 25(82 60 for \u25a0 large boxes. .. , \u25a0
PERSIMMONS— SSc@SI per box.
FIGS — $I@2 per box.
QUINCES— 7Sc®SI per box. \u25a0'•\u25a0
' MELONS— Cantaloupes,- $I@l 60 per. crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 5Oc(0$l per box; ; Watermelons. •
$I@2 \u25a0 per dozen. '.-, .:.>-> .
GRAPES — Small . packages — Muscat. 40®75c;-
Black. 30660 c: Tokay.' 40©75 c; 'Isabella. $1®
$1 25- Cornichon. Js@t»oc. Large boxes —
Black v " 75c@$l ; * Tokay. COc«Jsl; Muscat. 75c@
SI 25- Cornichon. ; $1@1 : 25; .Wine . Grapes. Zln
fandel, $20@25 per ton; other varieties, $15®
20 per ton. :.' *-"*\u25a0 •'\u25a0"\u25a0
CITRUS AND TROPICAL FRUlTS—Or
onges, Valenclas, $3®5 per, box; Navels (Early.
Bloom).* \u25a0\u25a0 $.4@4 50; r Lemons, . $2@3 50; ' Grape
Fruit, $3(34 ; Mexican Limes, $4 per case ; Ba
nanas •. Hawaiian v nominal;' Central . American,:
nominal per bunch; Pineapples, $2@3 per dozen.-'
'. Dried ,' Fruits,' Nuts,* Raisins and Honey.
FRUrrs-^-Aprlcots.^7»4@loc for Royals and
8%&12 c for.Moorparks; Peaches; 8c for stand-'*
ards, 8 V4c! for choice, 9o = for extra choice and I
9%@10c for fancy: Pears, 7^@l2>4c; Nectar
ines. 7%®SWe for white and 7^»®7%c for Red;
Plums, pitted," ti@7c : for : Black. 7&oc for Red
and. 7®9c for; Yellow; Silver Prunes, 7®S&c;
Evaporated Apples. 7©SVic: sun-dried. i>er
lb* -Figs, bonces, 50c for choice: Sue for utra
ch'olcu and BC@U5c for fancy:' bulk white. 2%&
4c per lb: black. 2«;®3c. . .
PRUNES — Old crop. 3®3Uc per-lb basis for
the four sizes and 3%@3V3C basis for the large
sizes. New crop Prunes, 3%@4c basis for the
four sizes (60-100) and 404 &c basis for the
large and small sizes. . ;
RAISINS — Loose, 4-crown. 6&c per lb: 3
crown. 6c: 2-crown, 5%c. Seeded Raisins —
Fancy,' 16 ounces. SHe; fancy. 12 punces, <>%c:
choice, 16 ounces. Sc; choice. 12 ounces, e%c;
Imperial Clusters. $3 per 20-lb box; Dehesas,
$2 50; fancy. $2; 3-crown London .Layers,
$l'sO- 2-crown, $1 40- seedleas standard loose
Muscatels. 4%c; same floated. 4%c; seedless
Sultanas, s@7c; Thompsons, 6%c; bulk. fancy.
U^lOiic; .bulk choice. Sc; standard. 7c. '
NUTS— Almonds : Nonpareils, J4%ei3c: I X
L. 13@13%c; Ne Plus Ultra 12VS@13c; Drakes.
11% and Languedoc. 10tt®llcr New Walnuts,
No. 1 softshell. 13c: No. 2. »c: No. 1 hardshell.
12Vic: No 2, BMtC; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern;
PeCans." Il<gil3c; Cocoanut*. ft 6005; Chest
nuts, 10@12^ic per lb.
HONEY — Comb. 10Vi®ll%o for white . and
! S@loc,; for amber; water whit© extracted. 6©
6%c; white. 4%®5*6c: amber. 4®4&c; dark,
; Hawaiian, 2%c for extracted.
BEESWAX- 27© 29c per lb.
Provisions. ,"»
The market for cured meats Is unsettled.
Bacon continues scarce and firm, and Hami
are easy at the recently reduced prices. Pure
Lard is' %c lower. * There are no other changes.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%e pervlb for
heavy, 12Vic for light medium. 13^@14c for
light. 14@>14}Jc for extra light and 1613 C
for sugar-cured: dry Salt Sides. 10%®llc: Bel
lies 12c; Eastern -sugar-cured* Hams. 13c;
California Hams, 12% c; Mess Beef. $9 30
per bbl; extra -Mess. $10; Family. $11: prim<*
Mess Pork. J l4; extra clear. 919 50; Mees.
$17 50; Pig Pork, $22 : Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
) Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6Uc per lb for
California Compound, 7@7Vic for Eastern com
pound and 9%c for pure; half barrels, pure.
UT4c; 10-Jb tins. lOlic; 5-lb tins, 10% c; 3-lb
tins, 10V4c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, B%c; three
half barrels, SVie; one tierce, sc: two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, TalloTr, Wool aid Hopi. -
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and- brands sell
about *4@le under quotations.- Heavy Salted
Steers. 12',$c; medium, 12c; light, ll%c;
Cow Hides. ll%c for heavy and ll%c for
light; Stags, S^c: Salted Kip. lltic: Salted
Veal. 13c; Salted Calf, 13»4c; dry Hides. 20c;
dry Kip 17«lSc: dry Calf. 22c: Sheepskins,
shearlings. 25@60c each; short Wool. 50<§1)0c
each; medium. 90c@$l 25: long Wool. $1 23@2;
Horse Hides, salt. J3@3 25 for large and $2 75
for medium, .$2 25 for small and 50c for Colts:
Horse Hides, dry, $2@2 25 for large and $1 75
for medium Sl'so for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 31c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 27c. Goat
6k i ns — Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large do,
$1 25; large, 50® 60c; medium. 35@40c; small.
25c. ' \u25a0• " ' ' - ;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4U@4Hc per lb;
No. 2. 3©3% c; Grease. 232 t^c.
WOOL— Fall clip — Northern free, 15@17e;
do, defective, 12@14c: Middle County, free, 15#
17c- do defective. 12@14c; San Joaqutn and
Southern. 10@13c; San Joaquin Lambs'. 14tD
16c: do, defective, o@l2c per lb.
HOPS— I9O4 crop. 11613 c; 1005 crop, ll®l3e
per lb»
Bleat Market/
There were no changes in quotations yester
day. • t vrs:
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates' from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— s@sV4c for Steers and 4@sc per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, s®6^c; small. sVa@Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers.. B%©9c; Ewes, B©S*c
per lb.
LAMB— 9@loc per lb.
PORK— Dreesed Hogs. 765% c per !».£,-./„
LIVESTOCK MARKET. . - ' •
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 400
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle. \u25a0 • . \u25a0 »\u25a0 .
CATTLE— Steers, 554®6%c; Cows and Heif
ers, 4}i@sc.
CALVES— 3%@4c per lb (gross weight).
. SHEEP — Wethers, 3KS3%c; Ewes, 3@3V4c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 75tj3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, . 130 to 250 lbs, tL%c;
over 250 lbs, 5%c; under 130 lbs. s*»c;
Feeders, nominal; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars,
50 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent off from
above quotations. -
General Merchandise.'
BAGS — Grain Bags, "Vie spot and 6c for
buyer June- July, 19U6; Wool Bags, SO^SSc:
small lots. 31@34c; Fleece Twine. "7^-jc; ' Fruit
Bags. 6Vi@7c. "
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $S; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill, $5 50; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Richmond, $S; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$li; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$1150; Cannel. $'J per ton; Coke. $11 50@13 p«r
ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $8 50 per short ton.
OLLS^-Quotatlons are for barrels: for cases
add sc; Linseed. 54c per gallon for boiled and
52c for raw; Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers* AA. cases. $1 14®116: Lucol, 4Sc for
boiled and 46c for raw; China Nut. cases, 65®
78c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels.' 58c
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil.-.6Sc; natural winter
Sr>erm Oil, C3c: extra bleached Winter "Whale
Oil. 65c; natural Whale Oil. 60c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard OH, 65c;
Pure Neatefoot OH, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
r.7%c; Herring OH. 45c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled
Fish Oil. 85c; raw Fish Oil, 35c; Paint Oil. 35c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil in bulk, lie; Pearl Oil. in cases.
17^c; Astral, 17^c: Star. 17^c; Extra Star.
20% c; Elaine, 2Cc; Eocene, 19Hc; Stove Gaso
line In bulk, 15^c; In cases, 22c; Motor Gaso
line, in bulk. 15& c; in cases. 22c; No. 1 En
gine Distillate, iron barrels or drums, 8c; No.
2 do, 6Vjc- cases, 6%c more; Benzine, In bulk.
12 %c : cases, 19c; 86-degreo Gasoline, la bulk.
25c: in cases. 31c. . -
TURPENTINE— 93c per gallon In case* and
87c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND AVHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%©
B%c per lb; White Lead, 7%6Ssic. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Weetern Sugar \u25a0 Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.30 c;
Powdered. 5.15 c; Candy Granulated. 5.15 c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.03 c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 05c: Fruit Granulated, 5.05 c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only), 4.55 c: Confectioners'
A.. 5.05 c; Magnolia A. 4.€5c; Extra C. 4.55 c;
Golden C, 4.45 c; "D," 4.35 c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels,'" 23c 'more:- boxes.. SOc more; 50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. .Tablets — Half
barrels, 5.55 c; boxes. 5.80 c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominoo. 8.05 c per lb. No order taken fdr less
than' seventy -five barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce. \u25a0 , '
FOR MONDAY. OCTOBER 23.
Flour qr sks.. 4.loSiHops, bales ; 741
Wheat, ctls ...' 740 Wool, bales .... 422
Barley ctls ... 5. 300 Leather, rolls ... 112
Oats, ctls 1.2901 Hides. No 1,41«
Tallow, ctls ... 210| Prlte. . Ddls 555
Sugar, ctls 7.490'L1me. bbls 273
Bean 3, sks ....17,250 Paper, rolls ..... 3.20S
Potatoes, sks .. 6.800J Raisins, bxs ...\ 4,200
Onions, oks ..— 880; Brandy, pals ... 150
Bran, eks ..... 250 Wine, gals 26,150
Middlings, ska.. 245 Chicory, bbls ... ' 25
Hay, tons 8401 '
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.. 6, T77| Middlings. «k9... 1,310
Bran, sks 11.887; Shorts.' eks ..... 1.250
• OREGON.
Flour, qr sks. .. 6,8001 Shorts, ska " 1,210
Oats, ctle ".'. 6.041 Feed, sks % S7O
Bran, sks 1.4531 Flaxseed, sks .. 2,108
STOCK MARKET.
Sncar Stocks Weak, the Comstocks
Firm nnd the Other* Quiet.
There was some selling of the sugar stocks
at weak* prices, and Honokaa and Paauhau
and ' several others , were fractionally lower.
Otherwise business on the • S.tock and Bond
Exchange was light and featureless.
In the. mining stocks .the- - Comstock shares
were liberally . dealt In. with especial activity,
and strength shown by Con. Virginia. There
was no noteworthy change in the Tonopahs.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay
a regular monthly dividend of $1 p«r share
October 30.. - J'l - \u25a0
The total' extraction of ore from the Sliver
Hlll'mlne last week was 325 mining e&rload*,
assaying $11 75 per ton, gold value.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Oct. 23—2 p. ra.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.' > ' : Bid. A«k.
4s qr c0up..104%105%14s qr cp nw.134 134%
4s qr reg...104%105%[3s qr coup... — 104%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW ss— — Ok T. Con 58.112 —
Asso Oil 5s 904 — O W gtd ss. — 08
Bay CPC 5s — - — Oceanic Ssa — 65 -
Cal C G 55.106% — » Om Cable 63.1204 —
Cal O&E c: ' Pac Q.lm 4s 95 —
m & ct 5s '— ' P E Ry 55.112 112%
Cal-st C 6».111%113U Pac- L&P 55.101<>4 —
C C Wat ss. — 106 P& C H 6b.102% — .
Ed L&P 65.12*4- P& O R 6a.HO —
P& C H 65i113 .— % PoweU-st 65.11 l —
Geary-st 5a.; 25 45 - Sac EG&Ros.ll0%lll
H C&S 545-1044 — SF.& 5JV55.1194 —
Do 5s ....1044— SP.Q &5J55.111% —
Hon R T 6e.no - — Sierra -R «5.112% —
L A Elec 5s — — '. S Pot A 6s-
LAG &E1 5s — . 103 > (1909) ....107^108%
*LA Ry55.117 -1184 (1910) ...; 108% —
LAL gtd 65.105 — S P of-C 6a '
LAP 1cm55.111% — (1906) ....102
LAP C 55.'. 107% — (1912) ....11294U3V t
Mkt-st Cfis.ll4%ll3%|SPC 1 cue 55.120% —
.. Do lcmos.llSUllS |S P B R*65.134 —
MV& MtTss.lOs — S V Wat C 5.102% —
NRof'C e5.104>4 — '. . Do 43 2dm. 1004 -- ,
Do 5e ....119 — j. Do 4a 3dm. 100 —
N.P C R 55.100%106% Do g mg45,1004 —
N;C RyiSs..— i 111% StknjG&EtJs. — .—
N.C P C.ss. — :— , U G &.E 5a.104%105Vi
,O GL&H 55.1054 — Un of-SF 4s SO 89'^
Ok;T Co Cs.mVi"--- Val Co P sa. 105 —
Do 5» ....113%U4- YO3 SL. 4%5. 92} i JWJi
AUCTION SALES
•T*-i t^-c
70-HEAD-70
AT AUCTION
Some heavy wagon horses matched teama
of drivers. 30 fcead unbroken colts.
Sale takes place
TUESDAY, OCT. 24. IP. M.
AT AVESTERX HORSE MARKET.
'-1» Valencia Street.
• STEWART &- CO.
£s fe>
AUCTION SALE
SIXTY He AD OF HIGH-CLASS
* Heavy, Young Draft
Mares and Geldings
Welghhsg from 1.100 t» 1900 pounds.
FROM THE
R. W. DUXCA.X RAXCII. SISKIYOt)
COUXTV. CALIFOR.VIA.
In this consignment Is one of the finest car*
rtage or hearse teams In California, and a
few good driving horses. To be sold .
TUESDAY EVE.MXG. OCT. 31.1905.
At 7:45 o'clock at Saleeyard,
1732 3IARKET ST- .Year VAX XES9
AYE» S. P.
Horse* at yard Saturday. October 2S. Send
for catalcgue. . >\u25a0 c
> :' m /, FRED H. CHASE & CO..
" Livestock Auctioneers. ' •\u25a0\u25a0V^'^' u
SPECIAL ;
£^ AUCTION SALE J^
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER r>. Nt lU.m.
Arcade Horse Murket. 327 Sixth Street.
I will sell 17 heavy horses condemned by on*
of the largest teaminar concerns of this city:
thetr name not given for reasons of .thehr own;
also 23 other good general purpose borsea. four
business buggies, one surrey, one phaeton. on«
cart and harness f qr the same four sets of
heavy team harness.
I' .yv-..- JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. .
£r* £r> £ta
AT AUCTION. NEXT TUESDAY, Oct. 24,
I will sell 30 good, cheap horse« an* mares,
also wagons.-: surreys, buggies, carts and har-
ness, at 1140 Folnora St.. 11 a. m.
WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
WATER STOCKS. , *f*<
Contra Csta 43 43 4 1 Port Costa..— •«a
Marln C 0... 61 — Is V Wat Co. 40% *®Vk
GAS AND ELECTRIC. ,- Sr :• ' :>: >
Cent L&P 3% — I S FG&B. 84 84*4
Martel Powr 2 — t Docertfs.. — —
Mutual EL. 16% 16?s! Stkn G&E. — —
Pac L C 0... 724 — I
INSURANCE.
Firem'B Fd.3374 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl 8k.1274132Vi1L P & A... — 135
Anglo-Cal .. — U&VjiMer Trust.. .22o —
Bank of Ca1.423 423ijiMerch Ex... 35 —
Cal Safe Dp.liS 160 |S F Natiozxal — 160
First Natnl.32B 340 |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.3Coi> I Sa.v &. L. So.l<V> — i
Hum 3 8k.2000 — ! t^o Say rk.:»s ' —
Mutual Say. — — t Union T C 0.2700 3300 .
S F Say U. 700 — [
' STREET RAILROADS.
California ..220 — [Presidio .... — — \u25a0 >
Geary — 4» {
POWDER.
Giant Con.. — ' 7* j
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. — " 8* |Makawell C. 35 384,
Honokaa SC 134 14 jonomea S C \u25a0T.'Jfi 33
Hutch SP C 15% 16 I Paauhau S C 22 » —
Kllauea SC — — I * .
MISCELL-\NEOUS.
Alaska P A. 59T» 60%; Oceanic S Co 4% . » •
Cal FCA. 98 JK> iPac Aujc FA. 3.%; —
Cal Wine A — 84 t -i»Pac C Borx.l3UVa — -
MV& MtTm.loo — . |PacS Tel C0.101%104i4
. SALES. _ .\. =
Morning (session.
Board — \u25a0--\u25a0, . , -=
100 Honokaa S Co 14 0O
100 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co.. 4 «iO
75 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
20S F Gas & Electric 8169
$3,0€0 Bay Counties Power Co 3s ICS 50"
$I.WH> Oakland Transit 3s 113 50
$24,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 55.. SW W).
Strtet —
65 Alaska Packers' Association... 60 30
Afternoon Session.
Board —
ISO Alaska Packers' Association. . . 60 CO
400 Hutchinson S P Co 15 75
175 Oceanic S S Co ;.... &0U
265 Paauhau S P Co 22 0O
S5 Paauhau S P Co .....22 25
$5,000 Ca! Gas & El G M & C T 55. . 90 00
Street—
50 Alaska Packers' Association..: 60.22
100 Contra Costa Water, a 90 45 00
UnlUted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 63.10t» — iSF G&E44«.102 —
B L Wat 65.114 — ISF& NP 5^112 — .
Cal Xff 5a. 108411141 S P C R 4s. 964 —
M C Wat 5s — 114 Sun Tel 65..U2 —
O T Con 55.10» 10tt% k I>o 69 1104 —
Rlsl Wksss.lOO — [Suttr-flt RSS.IOS 110
SF Drdk 5a.115 — I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. *
Ala S C 0... — 25 Mat Nay Co. 125 ISS
Am ,Bi» Co.lOB — Mils Nat 8k.325 —
Cal Cot Mis 80 91 NS R n Co. 12tf
C Jockey C 1.1224130 N Cal P Co. 10^4 111,
Cal Powder.l6o — Ok Bk Say. 130 —
Cal Ship Co — 23 lOOF Hall A 6% —
CaJT I & T. 165 173 Orpheum Co. 16 — •
Cen Bk, Ok. — 75 PacC Caa Co. 140 —
Chutes Co. . — 5 Pac Sur Co. ' — 120
Clty& C 8k.1074i:» ;Paraf Paint. — 80
Cyp L Imp. 5 6 S F Drydock — 75
DptPwd pfd — . 90 ISF & SJCoal 20> —
Do com ..75 »O IS Jose Wat.loff4 —
FN Bk. 0k.120 — JSO &MT*bt.l2s —
Fiachr Thtr 73c — |So Pac Co.. — 68
Frnch-A 8k.1084 — ' Swiss- A 8k.125 130
Gas Con A. — 20 Truck Elect. 17% —
Hono P Co. — 35 Union S Co. 35 37^4
Do old pL — SO W-Farso 8k.230 240
Do nw pi. — 37
SALES.
Morning Session. . ,
Board— • . . ;
11 Cal Gas & Electrlo Corp. . ..j.,,*).**
$3.00t> Standard Electric Sa (*td).-...?!M <*>
Street —
10 Cal Gas & Electric Corp (eertfs) 80 2S
• .- . • -"?
California Stock and Oil Exchange. '
Oil stock 3— Bid. , Askt'd,
Arllne '• ;. 3?
Asso Oil Stock cart 34 . J4
California-Standard 33 ....
Claremont 774 ....
Forty .*........ .... 1 \u25a0 34
Four . -.'..." •\u25a0 ' SO
Home .•\u25a0' . 63
Independence .......... ...i " 20> ....
Kern 13 50
Kern (new) .'.. .... 30
Kern Klver 9 25
Monte Cristo 73 ....
Occidental of W Va 04 OS .
Oil City Petroleum 80
Peerless •. T 25 8 Is.
Piedmont . 08'
Reed Cruda - 24 ....
Senator •• 1 6O - ....
Shawmut "••• 3S
Superior «• -05 ....
Toltec «© •-•'.
Twenty-eight- 10 CO
Wabash 32 ....
Gas and electric —
Northern Cal Power 10 75 11 25
Miscellaneous bonds —
Associated Oil Co 3e (1922).. 9O 50 ....
, OFFICIAL SALES.
Mornlne Session.
Afternocn Session.
2000 Asso Oil "Co bonds ... 90 «2*4
16CO Independence Oil 21
Mining Storks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San ' Fra
ncisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday :
9:30 a. na. Session — Comsjocks. "
SCO Con Va M...1701 300 Sierra Nev. .; 33
200 Crown Point. 091 500 Utah, b 5..;.. o<i
200 Mexican 1 30{ 200 T«Uow Jacket ,23
200 Potosl Wt
12 m. Informal Session— Comstocks.
3CO Andes ....... 271 30<V Ilate & Xorc.l ; 15
800 Andes ...'.... -S 200 Hale & Norc.l 2O
200 Antfes 2*.< i 400 Mexican .....1 3O
900 Andes ... 30^1400 Mexican 133
400 Belcher 2«i 400.Mexlcan 140
. 100 Belcher .'..-. 2UJ 200 Ophir ........5 75
300 Belcher XI) st> Ophir 3 87H
100 Best & Bel.. 1 so[ sUft Potoat '1*
100 Best & BpK.l 33, 3TO Potost 1*
350 Bruns C Va. «;! I"*> Savage 52
400 Brans C Va. 04 30«> Scorpion ..... 15
200 Chollar 14| 2W^ Sierra Nev . . 32
900 Con AVM...I 7t>; «k> Sierra Nev .. 3.5
SCO Con Va M...175| SCO Sierra Nev .. 31
SCO Con Va M...1 So' 400 Silver Hill .. 9.J
1100- Con Va' M.T.I S3! 200 Union con .. 32
' 200 Con Va M...1 00' 4CO Union Con ;. 's.'t
50 Eureka C0n..2 CO: 200 Union Con ..54
200- Gould & Cur. 241 300 Utah 00
500 Gould & Cur. 23| SCO Yellow Jacket 22
800 Gould & Cur. 2U' ; 2CO Yellow Jacket 23
( 2. p. m. Session — Comstocks. \u25a0 -
I 500 Andes ....... 30; . 3CO Gould & Cur. 28
Continued on Page Fwortr— \u25a0
1516
CLOSE INQUIRY
INTO DISASTER
Inspectors Bolles and Bul
ger Finish the Investiga
tion of Wreck of St. Paul
CAPTADTS EXPLANATION
Says Deviation of Tide May
Have Been Cause of the
Vessel Going on Bocks
The Inquiry Into the wreck of the
steamer St. Paul, which struck on the
rocks near Point Gorda on October 6,
was closed before Inspectors Bolles
and. Bulger yesterday. Though there
was a lisrht drizzling rain falling at
the time, the weather was comparative
ly clear when she went upon the hid
den rocks.
"On your oath you say there was no
indication that the ship was too close
in 'Shore?" asked Inspector Bolles of
Third Orficer William Holmes, who was
In chargre when the vessel struck.
"Yes, sir," replied Holmes.
"Were there any charts on the
bridge?" inquired Inspector Bulger.
"No. sir; there were none," replied l
Holmes.
"What do you believe was the reason
that the ship went upon the rocks?"
Captain C. Randall was asked. ; •
"Possibly because of the deviation in
the currents," was the reply.
Second Mate H. Johnson, who pre
ceded Holmes, was asked if he could
see land plainly just after the ship
struck. He replied that he could.
"Could you see the breakers?" was
asked.
"Yes. sir," he replied.
"Were you in your usual course?"
"Yes, sir; we have taken that course
for fifteen trips that I know of."
"Have you ever been inside the light
«hip before?"
"Yes, sir; once or twice."
"How far did you pass off Fort
Bragg?"
"About nine miles."
"How far did you expect to pass the
lightship?"
"Rather close."
On cross-questioning by Inspector
Bulger Johnson admitted that the bear
ings he took at Fort Bragg could not
be absolutely accurate.
Albert Winslow, quartermaster, was j
at the wheel when the St. Paul struck. |
He testified that he could see nothing, j
as the windows of the pilot-house were
closed.
"Were you given orders to " change j
your course at any time?" asked In- I
spector Bulger.
"No, sir." he answered. "Not until I
the struck." ,
\u25a0'What were the orders then?"
"Hard a-starboard."
"Did the vessel respond any?"
"About four or five points, I think."
Quartermaster George Robbler was
next called.
"Could you see the breakers?"
"1 could hear the roll of the break- j
ers."
"Why didn't you see the land when
it was so close?"- Holmes was asked
when called to the stand.
"Before the ship struck I didn't see j
the lar.d very well," was the reply.
"You thought that you were the j
us^ual distance off shore?"
"Yes, sir."
"How close have you passed Point !
Gorda before?"
"About a mile."
"Did you hear people testify here j
that the vessel was getting closer to
*hore all the timer* Captain Randall
was asked.
"Yes, sir."
"Do you think that if you had got
out at 2:05 when the mate called you j
that you would have made any change <
in the nositlon of the vessel?"
"I can't say."
The result of the inquiry will not be ;
made public for some time.
ORDERS DESTRUCTION" OF
IMPURE HAMS A.\D BACOX
Health Official* Compel J. William* to
Pour Coal Oil on Goods in
Hlk Po«»e«sion.
Market Inspector Campbell yesterday
seized a wagon load of ham and bacon
that was unfit for human consumption
and detained a man giving the name of
J. Williams, who was driving the
wagon. A companion of Williams, who
was on the wagon seat, made his es
cape when he saw trouble coming.
Campbell took Williams and the
hams to the City Hall, where Health
Officer Ragan and Chief Sanitary In
spector Hassler questioned Williams at
length as to where he had procured the
stuff. Williams told a rambling story
that a woman had bought the hams in
San Jose and he was going to ship
them to Sacramento for her. He de
nied that he intended to sell them in
this city.
After Ragan and Hassler had con
demned the hams and bacon, which
were found to be decayed. Williams
was given the alternative of voluntar
ily pouring coal oil on the stuff or of
submitting to arrest for having impure
food in his possession. Williams
poured the coal oil from a flask given
to him by Campbell on the stuff and
he was allowed to go.
1 That's what* you want— good Jbtlxl Ix~*"*
I | "W e g' ve y° u on^y *h e best and l / | jP' \ V
| 1 charge the lowest prices consistent rEj
1 with first-class dentistry. |i|
I Old Established, Honest,, Reliable!
HNO STUDENTS HERE PLATES THAT ' FIT i
I I W> employ 10 operators— wery man a EVERY TI>ATK IS GUAKANTEnD'^H
Km Fkilled and experienced dentist, with a TO FIT. This department is in the DH
I I s-uixTlor knowledge of some particular hands of a skilled mechanic, with l-'l J*|
m| part of dentistry, and you may depend years of experience, who does nothing KM
( | uixm It that your work will be as well but "plate woik. He has three assist- fSa
{-I done as It is possible to do It. and you ants, and. consequently is able to k!v« IB
J3 | will not euffer a bit of pain, cither. .you a perfect fitting plate in the shortest Ej£S
t 3 FiUinc-s and crowns, brl<ice work and jxiKSlblo time. Have your teeth out in Hs*s
I I teeth without plates, any Item in den- the morning and go home with new ones £*$
j I tistry possible to accomplish, we do bet- at night. Broken plates repaired while E§9
j 1 ter and cheaper than any other dentist you wait. Old plates made over like BCa
•HH can possibly do. Our equipment is the rew. No charge for extracting teeth ffiffl
| I tfwst or. the Coast, our offices the largest. when plates are ordered. REMEMBER. ISI
I | and most successful. We are acknowl- WE GIVE A WRITTEN GUARANTEE §M
j \u25a0 edged THE BEST dentists tn San Fran- FOR TEN YEARS WITH EVERY B?J
I I Cisco. PLATE. |FJ:|
] 1001 MARKET ST., COR. SIXTH M
J ENTIRE FLOOR 9TO 9 DAILY LADY ATTENDANTS §|
EVENTS OF CAMPAIGN FORESHADOW POPULAR UPR ISING
IN SUPPORT OF PARTRIDGE'S CANDIDACY FOR MAYOR
At the. Alhambra Theater to-morrow) night there willbe another mass meeting of ßepublicans and Democrats
under the auspices of the Fusion Campaign Committee. The honor of presidency will be accorded to Raphael
WeilL Former Mayor. E: B. Pond, George Center, Frank H. Gould, John S. Partridge and Henry U. Branden -
stein \viir speak. Speakers will dwell upon the ..necessity of honesty in management of municipal affairs
as a step in the direction of the prosperity to which the city is entitled.
SAYS REFORMERS
ARE DISHONEST
3layor Schmitz Maintains
Fusionists Are Euled by
Political .Manipulators
"The so-called reform which the fusion
ists are advocating is. a reform at the
hands of the dishonest political manipu
lators of this city," declared Mayor
Schmitz last night. "I "am. in this fight
for a .principle, and when I say that the
struggle Is between the plain people, as
represented by me and the. rest of the
candidates on the Union Labor party
ticket, and the Citizens' Alliance, as rep
resented by the fusion ticket, I am telling
the truth, and I believe that the voters
of this city will indorse me with their
votes. lam not making a personal fight;
I am fighting for the election of the
whole ticket. Elect us. and then see
what reforms will be carried through.
"My election four years ago was an ex
periment. The wage earners took a
chance. Now things are altogether dif
ferent. My administration has been at
tacked and has been proved an honest
one. The people know that by the re
election of this ticket future domestic
peace and prosperity are assured. There
can be but one result— our victory on
November 7."
Mayor Schmitz spoke at three meetings
last night and was greeted by well-filled
halls at each of them. He first went to
Strycker's Hall, where P. H. McCarthy
introduced him as "one whom I have j
learned to love" This was quite a rare j
bit of news to those who remembered
the position of McCarthy two years ago. j
Mayor Schmitz defended his action in |
the matter of the stone quarry of Gray
Bros, in this district by saying that he
could do nothing else and act in the j
cause of justice.
Symposium Hall was presided over by
Chairman Doyle. Schmitz was heartily
cheered as he entered the building. .
The last meeting of the evening was
held in a small hall near Fourth and
Perry streets, in the Twenty-ninth Dis
trict. The hall was well filled.
Yesterday afternoon Mayor Schmitz
visited the" glass works at Sixteenth and
Howard streets and shook hands with the
employes. Later he visited the whole
sale district. He expressed surprise at
the number of Schmitz buttons he saw
there.
COLORED REGIMENT
ORDERED TO MANILA
Twenty - Fourth Infantry
Will Go to Islands
for Duty.
The Twenty-fourth Infantry, colored,
has received orders to sail for Manila
on January 1. The First Infantry will
remain on the coast. The sending of
colored troops to the Philippines de
notes a change in the policy of the
United States Government as it has
been nearly six years since a colored
regiment was sent to the islands. The
negro soldiers took up with the native
women very readily, who, generally,
pursuaded them to desert the army and
join the rebel bands. For this reason
the War Department decided to recall
all the colored troops then stationed
there and replace them by white men.
The change in the policy is the cause of
great rejoicing among the white
troops, who have had more than their
share of island duty.
The transport Buford, having the
Fourteenth Cavalry on board, sailed
from Manila on her homeward trip
October 20. The Logan, also on her
homeward trip, arrived in Honolulu
October 22.
Assistant Surgeon C. H. Connor, sta
tioned at Fort Stevens, Oregon, is in
the city on a leave of absence.
Lieutenant O. C. Troxel of the Tenth
Cavalry, now stationed at Fort Robin
son, Neb., is at the Occidental Hotel
and' will leave in a few days for Mo
desto, Cal., to spend his leave of ab
sence with friends.
A Guaranteed Cure for riles.
Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your druggist will refund money If Pazo Olnt
menr fails to cure you in 0 to 14 days. 50c. •
Goldstein Content Set.
The contest to the will of the late
Samuel Goldstein, instituted by Mun
roe Goldstein, a son of the deceased,
has been set for trial before Judge Cof
fey on November 6. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. OCTOBER 2-k 1905.
PARTRIDGE DEFIES GANG'S
VILE INTIMIDATIONS.
Neither Obscene Letters Nor Hired Thugs
Will Keep Him From Duty.
Fusion Leader Talks to Voters During
Afternoon and Night Meetings.
Lyric Hall, in the heart of the tender
loin, surrounded by red lights and il
luminated Schmitz signs, was packed last
night with voters of the Forty-third and
! Forty-fourth districts- who crowded' the
i floor, galleries, aisles and entrances to
hear John S. Partridge champion the
cause of municipal reform. Prominent
in the audience, were boys of the First
J California National Guard in uniform.
Second only to Partridge in sharing the
plaudits of the throng was Henry U.
Brandenstein, who is making a superb
fight t for the Fusion ticket. Dr. John F.
Dillon, the idol of the laboring man,
was also warmly greeted.
The speech that Mr. Partridge made
last night will ring in the ears of his
hearers and set them pondering upon the
means of ridding the city of the mass o£
I corruption, and it is safe' to predict that
'the "straight from the shoulder" speech
of Partridge compared to the vacillating
replies of his opponent has won ever
' many votes for the great majority that
| fusion will pile up on November 7.
Partridge's eyes flashed as he spoke of
the attacks by letter and epithet that
| had been made upon him and he advised
j his opponent to withdraw the thug that
is constantly shadowing him. Mr. Part-
I ridge spoke as follows:
1 It is strange indeed that there should en
! dure even . for a moment, such a partnership
: as exists between the Mayor of this city anu
Mr. Ruef. The very first thing the Mayor did
after his election was to announce to the pub
lic that his favor was to be sought in th*
office of that gentleman. This wpuld hay&
been astounding, unprecedented, intolerable if
Mr. Ruef had been an attorney of the ver>
highest standing. The people ' did not know
Mr. Ruof's full character then, but they did
know that he was a politician of the most
objectionable type. But the only feeling dis
played throughout the city was surprise,
mingled with disgust and apprehension.
That this apprehension was well - founded
the events of the Mayor's first two years
amply proved. It became notorious . that al
most anything which It was. in the power ot
the Mayor to grant could be secured by see
ing Ruef." But the business of this delectablft
co-partnership was somewhat hampered by
the fact that they did not have control of
all the commissioners. They had appointed
men who would do their bidding and ask no
que=tions. A few men who were decent and
who would not submit to their nefarious prao-
I tices were put in office, but they were very
j quickly dropped. No man of any mind or
I conscience could long endure the methods of
i such an administration and the administration
had no use for men of mind or conscience.
! The business of the city, of course, was
shamefully neglected. But it was noruntll.
by division In the forceg of decency, the ad
ministration was again returned to power, thai
th» abilities of the Mayor's favored attorn ej
found full scope. Then, with all the com
missioners absolutely under his control, he en
tered upon a practice such br the most gitteo
' advocate at the bar could never hope to at
! tain !n a lifetime of effort. .
' The whole city knew, at the time that tne
Mayor was nominated for his second term.
, that this partnership existed, and what the
: business cf this partnership must be. Yet
\u25a0 thousands of men. of honest life and decent
: instincts and honorable purposes, voted in
: favor of its continuance. It. is true that
i a majority of citizens did not; but it is equally
i true thai a very small percentage of those
i who did could really be called corrupt The
j reat were careless or deceived, •or blinded by
• other considerations.
i You have chosen me to voice your dlsap
\u25a0 proval and to lead your forces against the
i corruptionlsts. and I am going to do my duty.
: Xay more, whether I am elected or not, I am
I going to keep up the fight at the ballot-box,
' in the courts, everywhere, until San Francisco
is cleansed of the vileness that disgraces her.
and makes her name a reproach and byword
among the cities of the country. And I want
ito say this to the gangsters: You might as
i well stop writing me anonymous and ob
scene letters; you might as well stop hurling
vil- epithets at me in public meetings; you
mi*ht as well stop whispering foul lies about
! me- you niight as well stop hiring thugs to
foM'ow me about at . night; for no power on
earth ehall hinder me. as spokesman of the
peoi>le from telling the world what is in the
public" mind, and from denouncing your evil
! way? wherever I can get anybody to, listen.
! I charge the present administration with ae
i liberate promotion of lawlessness and riot. I
i suppose that no other city in the country has
I ever beheld the spectacle of its chief executive
going into a public assemblage and. inciting a
lot of half-grown youths to violence and de
struction of property, as the Mayor of this
city did on the night of the newsboys' meet
ing \u25a0 What can we expect from these poor
lads who are compelled to earn their -llvinif
by the sale of papers, when they are urged and
incited to break the law? Children who are
compelled to be on the streets by the grim
necessity of "earning their bread are subjecteJ
to tempation • enough at all times. Tsut what
kind of citizens can we expect them to become
when th»>y are given a license to assault and
breach of the peace? The very nature of their
calling develops their manhood and inde
pendence, and most of them in the past have
become useful citizens. But no lad can be
made into a good citizen unless he is taught
to obey the law.
Well might the leaders of labor protest. Well
might Mr. Walter Mac Arthur say: "This is
not a labor union fight, but many, well-mean
ing people hold organized labor responsible for
the shameful \u25a0 scene* being enacted "in our
streets. To correct this crying evil the Labor
Council should go on record that It Is now and
always will be for law and order." >'
Those are manly words, and every right
thinking man must Indorse them. Such men
as Mac Arthur and Furuseth and- Samuel
Gompers know that the lawa of . this country
must be upheld. lam going to devote myself
to the task of seeing that they are upheld.
The real, thoughtful leaders of the union labor
movement know that their movement needs
nothing but fair treatment. |If I am elected I
am going to uphold the law; and if I am de
feated I am going to make it the business of
my life to see that others obey it.
Prior to Mr. Partridge's entrance Henry
U. Brandenstein fired hot shot at his op
ponents and every telling point was
warmly indorsed by the audience, iHe
arraigned the administration in forceful
sterms and bitterly resented the vile as
persion cast upon . his personal honor. .
Great attention was paid to the remarks
of Dr. J. F. Dillon, who told of! his per
sonal encounters with the grafters while
serving on the Board of Health. He
spoke In part as follows:
At this time and In such a fight as this
one spirit should animate all and bring .to
gether under the banner of civic decency those
of all politics and all creeds. I do not arise
here with the intention of making a campaign
speech. I simply want to tell my experiences
with the grafters and •to solemnly warn you
of the dangers that exist while the city has a
biased Board of • Health. .In • heart or spirit
they are not American, for . they defer to -the j
will of a boss. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:' "- N
When I" was in the Board of : Health 1 tried i
to compel the dairymen to do their duty. I
was fold by them that the Board of Health
was a one-man board, and j when I insisted on
having: Inspectors visit the, dairies', l was told
that I was ' usurping my authority. Nothirfg
can affect . the people more', than impure food
and, worst of, all,' bad milk. ' ; :
• I say to you that the ' evil ; of impure-milk'
can be eradicated. : Given two inspectors, . two
chemists and a column in the '\u25a0\u25a0 dally ; papers In
whichito publish the names of the firms Helling
adulterated milk, , and I*\u25a0 say \u25a0 to .. you that not
one sale of bad milk would . be made. \u25a0\u25a0 If the
work of the Board ;of Health Is , so 1 bad. . what
must be the condition of the other commissions?
. . ' And H ' la < not \u25a0 milk alone. .1 asked for five
inspectors ; , to y contend against the sale 5. of
',!- \u25a0 \u25a0 . :\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. -^ ... i -*'-.-' 1 .-" . '' " \u25a0 \u25a0»k .-i \u25a0_ - .r"' 1"'.,.1 "'., . •
poisoned meat. I asked for five detectives and
two inspectors and guaranteed that thousands
of dollars' worth of diseased meat would be
prevented, from being sold. The County Med
ical Society offered to send its best physicians
for duty free of cost to the city, but the offer
was refused. For a few paltry dollar* ob
tained by graft the administration would sac
rifice the lives of thousands.
I am a physician and I know whereof I
speak. Throughout San Francisco there are
weeping mothers watching over thin, pale
faced children who axe slowly being poisoned
to death by adulterated milk. When most of
the physicians in the city give prescriptions
they likewise strictly tell the mothers not to
give their children nourishment furnished by
the city dairies of San Francsco because it is
poison.
partridge: meetings to
day. N . i
Open air: Seventh and Fol
soni atreetn, 12:30 p. m.
Board of Trade,* 2 p. m.
Evening: — Thirty - aecond
District, Maennerbund Hall,
Potrero and Twenty-fourth
streets. Take Mtoalon, Howard,
Folsoin or Bryant street cars
and transfer to Twenty-second
or Twenty-fourth street line.
Thirtieth, Thirty-first, Thir
ty-sixth districts, Elntracht
Hnll, 237 Twelfth street, be
tween Howard and Folsom.
Take Howard or Folsom street
cars.
PARTRIDGE ADDRESSES WORKERS
Large Crowd Listens Ko Leader at
.Fourteenth and Harrison Streets.
John S. Partridge, the fusion candi
date for Mayor, added to his popularity
in the labor section of 'the city yes
terday noon and increased the num
ber of workingmen that will give him
their votes on election day. When Mr.
Partridge began speaking at Four
teenth street and Harrison in the open
there were but fifty people on hand,
but within ten minutes over three hun
dred had gathered to. listen to the
standard bearer, and he was frequently
cheered.
Contrary to the expectations of some,
there ' was no Interruption of the
speaker excepting a few dissenting
cries, but after the talk many met Mr.
Partridge and shook hands, assuring
him of their support. :> >
\u25a0 From his' rostrum, an empty wagon,
Partridge made an earnest appeal to
the workers "for their friendship and
good will regardless of how they were
going to .vote. He told them that he
preferred to have them knbw him as
a fair,, square man, and that if they be
lieved he would give them a just ad
ministration he wanted their votes.
Speaking of 'his own life and work,
the candidate told them of his own
hard life of toil while attempting to
provide for his loved ones and educate
himself. He assured them that every
dollar he owned he himself had earned,
and asked them if they thought a man
who had worked all his life would for
get the trials and temptations of a
worklngman and fail to sympathize
with them. \u0084
He further told them of the mlsgov
ernment / that San Francisco, is under
going ajid. that graft existed through
out the various commissions to such
an extent as to make the city a byword
throughout the country.. He promised
his hearers that if he were elected he
would clean out every grafter and
boodler and place honest men in their ;
places so that the city, might raise her
head.
REFORMER IN THE FORTY-SECOND
-MismanaKement in Arranging Meeting
Keeps Many Voters Away.
That rrfDre people did not turn out
to Loughead Hall in the Forty-second
district last night may be attributed
to mismanagement of the meeting. The
failure to duly advertise the meeting
and the non-appearance ,of a band,
capped by the absence of the chairman
of the evening, kept down the attend
ance. As it was,. the seats were nearly
all filled and enough were standing at
the back of the hair to fill \u25a0 the re
mainder. , . '
What the audience lacked in num
bers it made up In enthusiasm and the
greetings extended the candldates'were
very cordial. Henry U. Brandenstein
shared the honors with Partridge. The
latter was introduced' by Sidney Van
Wyck, who acted as chairman.
;>*Mr.' Partridge told of the failures of
the present administration' in its. civic,
duties, j He arraigned the gangsters
and defied them \u25a0„*•*•..'».- their worst,.'even
to murder. He advised 'them, to cease
writing, him obscene, letters, hurling
vile epithets and employing thugs to
shadow aim, "for he predicted his own
election and the triumph of the fusion
ticket by 15,000 majority. He told. his
hearers that nothing short of .death
would stop him in the fight and as
sured them that if by a possibility he
were defeated he would continue the
fight against ''Ruef until San Francisco
was" freed from the defiling grasp of
the ring. ;- - ' :
He also said that throughout this
campaign he had said what , he firmly
believed all the people think. He; added
that -at any great crisis of . affairs,
when the; public .mind t is inflamed; by
some great :. evil 'l or 1- injustice, the peo
ple are j accustomed to put^forward one
of : their \u25a0 number • as their spokesman,"
. and predicted woe to j him ; if; he speaks
not -truly. The spokesman of peq-'
pie, 'he > continued, must forget that
there is such a thing as consequences,
and speak V his inmost convictions,
which will be the universal, sense. ',•;'
* The people- are 'wonderfully- slow.:to
anger. But when' : they : are ; aroused
their, fury is the fury of the whirlwind.
PASSES WORTHLESS, CHECK.— S. A.-!
Drummond. a ' barber.;; was arrested : yesterday
by Detective Riordan ' and :\u25a0 booked \u25a0at . thj • City
Prison on a charge -of .obtaining money b>
false ; pretenses. "-\u25a0'- The . complaining witness- Is
O.T Burress,'- 56 Third; street, who ; alleges thai
Drummond cashed |a I check < for $10 \u25a0. with : him
on October \u25a0 6. drawn on : the-Rlversld? Dank j
at ! Riverside,, and .that the chetk was ; worth
less.V '.;\u25a0.--.\u25a0\u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0' ;.\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0'•. i-yi ' \u25a0
" - .Murlne Eye Reniedy7--An '\u25a0: Eye;, Food.
Soothes and Quickly Cures Ailing Eyes.*
RAPHAEL WEILL
WILL PRESIDE
Fusion Campaign Committee
Arranges for Another Mass
Meeting at the Alhambra
The general awakening: of citizens to
the Importance of the municipal elec
tion and- the enthusiasm of the young
men in the Republican and Democratic
organizations foreshadow the triumph
of John S. Partridge at the polls on No
vember 7. Onlookers of the battle have
said from the outset that Ruef and
Schmitz would go down to defeat if
the leaders of the fusion campaign
could excite sufficient interest in the
contest to bring to the election booths
•the so-called "stay at" homes," who
seldom vote at other than Presidential
| elections.
j Reports recently received from every
Assembly district of the city convince
the fusion campaign committee that
thousands of citizens who ordinarily
neglect ,the civic duty of voting will
go to the polls two weeks from to-day
and swing the lever for Partridge. The
fusion nominee is steadily, gaining in
public favor. Many a voter who was
In doubt at , the beginning Is now
openly advocating Partridge. The talk
of the town Is for Partridge. The dis
tricts won by the Republican' League
will cast immense majorities for Part
ridge. Politicians who have studied
the situation would not be surprised if
the Thirty-seven.th Assembly District
gave Partridge 2500 majority. Heavy
majorities .in the Thirty-eighth, For
tieth, Forty-first, Forty-second and
.Forty-third districts are regarded as
certain. The Thirty-fourth and Thir
ty-fifth districts will roll up handsome
majorities for Partridge.
The notion entertained by many men
of the betting fraternity that the vote
cast for Schmitz in 1903 was very
nearly equal to the combined vote
thrown to Lane and Crocker is far from
correct. The vote is thus officially re
corded in the Municipal Reports:
Schmitz . .26.050
Crocker . ; '..19.609
*.ane . 12.580
Whitney . 1094
Scattering 4
It will be noted that Crocker and
Lane together received 32,189 votes, or
6139 more than Schmitz received. Care
ful inquiries lead to the positive belief
that Partridge'will receive as large a
percentage of the Democratic vote as
Lane obtained. The grafters are con
tending that one-half of the Demo
cratic vote outside of the United Labor
party will go to Schmitz. Democrats
who are fighting gallantly in the cause
of common honesty are convinced that
the 12,000 Democrats who supported
Tobin in 1901 and Lane in 1903 will
not under any conditions vote for
Schmitz.
Another mass meeting of. citizens under
the auspices of the fusion campaign com
mittee will be held at Alhambra Theater
to-morrow night. Raphael TVeill. one of
the most Influential and popular mer
chants of San Francisco, will be the pre
siding officer. E. B. Pond, who served
the city as Supervisor and as Mayor,
with credit to himself and honor to the
community, will speak to his fellow citi
zens. Other leading men, George Center,
Frank H. Gould, John S. Partridge and
H. U. Brandenstein, will speak. Topics
relating to the possibilities of San Fran
cisco -under fair conditions of local gov
ernment will be discussed. Special ref
erence, will be made to the subject of
bonds.
The organization committee of the San
Francisco Republican League— George D.
Clark (chairman), Daniel A. Ryan (secre
tary). Fairfax H. Wheelan, David Rich,
John D. Daly, E. J. Bowes. John Lack
mann and Richard J. "Welch— held a ses
sion at party headquarters last night.
This committee organized the Republican
forces that achieved the splendid v^rtory
at the primary election in August last,
and is working with zeal and energy to
bring to the polls on November 7 every
voter who desires a clean and progressive
administration of • municipal affairs.
• A standing committee on civic righte
ousness # was revived yesterday by the
Methodist ministers at their weekly
meeting, held in Central Methodist Epis
copal Church, Mission street.
So keen has become the sentiment of
that body for a stalwart and unstained
city administration that there was a big
attendance, Including ministers formerly
.resident in San Francisco, who take a
lively Interest in the present conditions.
The committee, which consists of the
Rev. A. C. Bane, D.D. ; the Rev. Francis
M. Larkin, Ph.D., and Dr. F. D. BovardT
editor of the California Christian, Advo
cate, was empowered to investigate and
present at a future meeting the names of
candidates for indorsement.
CHINESE CHARGED WITH MURDER.—
Louie Chew, | 823^ Sacramento street, | swore
to a complaint before Police Judge Cabanlss
yesterday charging Ngr Poy - with the murdei
of : his brother." Louie Poy, In Ross alley on
August ; 24. Ng- \u25a0•• Poy. who was arrested on
Saturday by Detective McMahon. , -was booked
at- the City. Prison yesterday on the chargre.
Both belonged to ; the Suey Sing . tong and 11
\u25a0Is said that Louie Poy was murdered because
he > was * suspected of. giving Information to
rival tongs. .
111 1 THE PABST
Cafe and Restaurant
N.-E. GOR, ELLIS AND PO WELL
The coziest dining hall in town. Ex-
cellent service and u nsu r p as s eel I
cuisine. All kinds of refreshments
'served at all hours. A- first-class.
I - T?imi 1 v "' rpsorl' **** * * * *
Lunch 11 a. m. to 2p. m. After Theater Parties a Specialty
Pabst, Imported Pilsner and Wurizburger on Draught
FORGERY RING
IS BROKEN UP
Secret Service Agent Helms
Finds Portuguese Grafters
Working oil False Papers
THEEE AEEESTS 3IADE
They Charge Fifty Dollars
for Naturalizing Men
Without Going to Court
Palpitation of the heart in a very
severe form attacked United States
Secret Service Asent John H. Helms a
few days ago when he j learned that a
ring of Portuguese sharpers had been
selling forged naturalization certificates
to some of their more ignorant country
men. /
That they had continued in their un
lawful" business as late as the 16th of
the present' month, notwithstanding the
numerous arrests that had been made by
Agent Helms during the last three
months, was almost incomprehensible and
could be explained only on the theory
that the grafters were themselves ig
norant and did not read the daily papers.
Agent Helms learned that on the date
mentioned George Oliveiria of the firm
of Silva & Oliveiria, clothing dealers on
Jackson street, in the city front district,
and Antonio Santos, a laborer in the
Custom-house, had sold to Jose Ignacio
Brazil a forged certificate of naturaliza
tion bearing the seal of the Superior
Court of San Francisco and purporting
to have been issued by "Superior Judge
J." M. Gregory ojt Department No. 14."
The name "Alix Dunne" is signed to the
document as Deputy County Clerk.
It appears that Brazil intended to make
a trip to Europ*e and desired to be nat
uralized before he left this country so
as to avoid any difficulty on returning.
Oliveiria told him that Santos could get
him naturalized without any trouble, and
Brazil, being Ignorant of the niceties of
American laws, innocently fell Into the
trap. After having asked him as to the
length of his residence here they told
him that they would attend to the matter
and would obtain the papers for him
more cheaply than he could , himself.
Two days later they handed him the
forged papers and received J5O from
Brazil
Brazil subsequently showed the paper
to his lady friend, who happened to be
a reader of the newspapers, and she
brought the document to Agent Helms.
The result was the arrest of the two
schemers and the postponement of Bra
zil's trip to Europe. A barber named J.
Martinho was also arrested as an ac
cessory, but I was released on his own
recognizance at the suggestion of Agent
Helms. Damaging evidence was found
in Oliveiria's possession, showing that for
a long time he had been engaged in the
business of selling forged certificates of
naturalization to his illiterate country
men.
COOK'S CALENDAR IS
\u25a0NOW VIRTUALLY CLEAR
Judge Will Work if Lawlor
Will Send to Country
for Him.
Judge Cook has the distinction of be
ing the only Jurist since the Superior
courts were inaugurated -in this city
and county to have his trial calendar
virtually cleared. He has a case set
for October 26. but it will be continued
owing to the absence of defendant's at
torney. Another trial Is set for Oc
tober 30. and a third for December 11.
These three cases are all he has on the
calendar.
After disposing of the cases on his
calendar yesterday the Judge addressed
the jurors who were present and said:
That disposes of all of the cases on the
calendar of this court and you gentlemen
need not return again till you are notified by
postal card by the clerk of the court. There
Is no use In Incurring expense In bringing you
to court when there Is nothing for you to do.
I shall go to the country till the presiding
Judge finds. It convenient to assign some cases
to this department. When that is done the
clerfc can send me word to Sonoma County. I
believe this la the first instance on record In
the Superior courts when the entire calendar
of a deoartment was cleared off.
The case of Ancio Brisillo, charged
with the murder of Joseph Brogardo
on Vandewater street last January, was
eet' .for trial yesterday, but owing 1 to
the absence of material witnesses It
was continued till October 28 to be set.
In the case of Michael J. McCarthy,
who pleaded guilty to a charge of mur
der for shooting and killing his wife,
Octavia, the Judge said he had given
the case very careful consideration and
could not overlook the fact that it had
been tried by a jury and the jury had
disagreed as to the degree of the
crime. If the defendant had pleaded
guilty before the case .went" to trial he
might have found him guilty of murdar
in the first degree, but in view of the
disagreement of the jury and when
there was a doubt as to the degree it
must be resolved in favor of the de
fendant. In consideration of thesa
facts and in view of the testimony,
which he had carefully perused, he
would find the defendant guilty of
murder in the second degree. Sentence
was deferred till Friday.
Rush your holiday orders for superior, print
ing to Edward Knowles CO., 34 Second St. * ;
BELLBOY CHARGED WITH BURGLARY.
Grover Trimmer, a- bellboy, -tyas booked at
the City. Prison yesterday by Detectives Mathe
son and Mulcahy on. a charge of burglary.
On October 18 Mrs. Mary Coppeck t one of tha
guests at the Knickerbocker Hotel, 1606 Vaa [
Ness avenue, went to a matinee and left
the key of her room with Trimmer, who w»»
running the elevator. When she returned
Trimmer had disappeared and . she found that
about $600 worth of her Jewelry was also
missing. The stolen Jewelry has not yet been
recovered, but the police say they have suf
ficient evidence to convict Trimmer of the
hnrelarv. \u25a0 \u25a0 . . >
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_OTECZEMA
Maryland Physician Cures H imself <£
Eczema with Cuticura Remedies.
Prescribes Them and Has Cured
Many Cases Where Other Formulas
Have Failed— Dr. Fisher Says s
CUTICURA REMEDIES
POSSESS TRUE MERIT
" My face was afflicted with eczfm*
in the year 1597. I used the Cuticura
Remedies, and was entirely cured. I
am a practicing physician and very
often prescribe Cuticura Resolvent and
Cuticura Soap in cases of eczema, and
they have cured where other formulas
have failed. I am not in the habit of
endorsing patent medicines, but when
I find remedies possessing true merit,
such as the Cuticura Remedies do, I am
broad-minded enough to proclaim their i
virtues' to the world. I have been prac^
ticing medicine for sixteen years^ and
must say I find your Remedies A No. 1.
You are at liberty to publish this letter, |
or any part of it. I remain, very truly
yours, G. M. Fisher, M. D., Big Pool,
Md., May 24, 1905."
CUTICURA-THESET,SI.
Complete Treatment for Every
Humor from Pimples
to Scrofula
Bathe the affected parts with hot
water and Cuticura Soap, to cleanse j .
the surface of crusts and scales and
soften the thickened cuticle; dry, j
without hard rubbing, and apply
Cuticura Ointment freely, to allay
itching, irritation, and inflammation,
and soothe and heal: and, lastly, take
Cuticura Resolvent Pills to cool and
cleanse the blood. A single set, costing
but one dollar, is often sufficient to
cure .the most torturing, disfiguring,
itching, burning, and scaly skin, scalp,
and blood humors, with loss of hair,
from infancy to age, when all else faifa.
Cu9eura Soap, Z'c, Ointment, SO., Rejolvrot 90e. (la
form of Chocolate Coated PUl*,23c p«r tI»1 of *>>,«» aont
throughout the world. Potter Drug and Ciesa. Corp.,
Sole Props, Boston.
ttr Malta) Frea, "H<nr to Core Torturing, DM^ring
Itnniot* n< Ir.rsn.r 3 ml Ar»." t
Ohio Dentists**
If we do your dental work It wilt b«
don« rlsht: no unsatisfactory work 1* •!-
. lowed to go oat of our office. W« want
everybody to bo pleased.
-£$££& teeth Remember
W© have specialists In every branch.
Full set of teeth that stick . fast, mad*
cniy.by us. $3 p«r set; gold crowns and
bridge work. $2 SO per tooth: filling*. 30c;
cleansing free.
Talnless extraction by air. gas or by aa
application to the gums.
OHIO DENTAL PARLORS.
SSO Market, cor. Stock ton and Ellis.
Hours 9to 9. Sunday 10 to 2.
ONE CITY
It is no idle dream that the whole
of the peninsula will, not so long
hence, be all one city, of which . -
PALO ALTO
Will be, the part containing the rucst
beautiful homes. Already Stanford
University has attracted over 5000
hemeseekers and they are always
coining. Send for a copy of the Real
Estate News and KEEP YOUR
EYES ON PALO ALTO. i
T&e J. J. MORRIS REAL ESTATE CO^
PALO ALTO. CALHTORjriA.
BARGAIN
Save $2 50. the middleman's profit, by
buying from us. Trunk built with heavy
brass trimmings. water-proof > caavas
cover, tray with hat box. extra dr«ss tray.
. cloth-faced. < Fine line traveling bag* and
suit cases 90 per cent cheaper than «!*e-
jl"Marty co.
Trunk and Bas; Manufacturers,
23 TURK ST- S. P. •
Repairing. Phone Folaom ZSI3.
• built Knives \^ \ miru)!
J on the market. \ Bf wrKJf
The blade? ara \. \ fljsHffa
of the celebrated^. \ |«»JV«
Damascus steel. The \«. \j-Kyhfls
;. real knife Is about- \. s\s£ssil
; one-thinl larger than^f Fjiilfiijtf
: accompanying lllustra-V M*»li*
i tion; The farmer or mo-\ mJK»
\u25a0 chanic could not set avwSr
* better .knife. My special
1 price 15..; -...SI.OO >\
' . Mail orders promptly filled. \
I hone and grind all sorts of
!, Cutlery.
•I , Razors honad and grround a <
I specialty."
|J- Honing 25c.
I THAT MAM PITTS !
*J F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
' 1009 Market. St.. San Francisco. J
DR.PIERCES
GOIOEN
:,Z MEDICALS . \u25a0
DISCOVERY
FOR THE-- - A*
BLOOD,LiVER.IUftIGs7
WEE2LLY CAT.T./ »1.00 PE& YSASk
, l . . . • \u25a0 — - _ -