THE E fE^S IMN ' fIfTY OTJHEI^ pflpEH ptlßllSpP \H WfWm^^>
Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty noun ending midnight, Octo-
San Praadsco anfl vicinity— Fair
Monday, becoming cloudy at night;
fresh southerly inncsf
A. Q. MeADIE. •
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 124.
CASH MUST
BE RETURNED
BY M'CALL
Demand MadeTJpon
New York Life's
President
State Official Takes a
Hand in Insurance
Scandal.
Seeking to Secure Restitution
of Coin Given to Cam
paign Fund.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. I.— lt was stated
to-day that Attorney General Mayer
had made demand upon John A. Mc-
Call that he return to the treasury of
the New York Life Insurance Company
$50,000 which he contributed to the Re
publican campaign fund. It was fur
ther stated that McCall had peremptor
ily refused to make restitution.
Attorney General Mayer was at his
camp in the Adirondacks and could
not be reached. President McCall's
reticence when questioned lends prob
ability to the report. McCall was seen
at his summer home, Shadow Lawn, at
Long Branch. He said. ". T ,do not care
to discuss any matters now uefore the
legislative committee until my testi
mony is completed."
It was reported to-day that subpena
servers of the legislative insurance
committee were hunting for Warren F.
Thumxnell, a lawyer; wno, according to
the testimony of Alfred W". Maine, au
ditor ot Ihe,Esniitable, looked -after, tb«-
Intertsts~ of ihc^Mutual. New- Yo'rfc-Life
and the Eauitable in the Middle At
lantic States, working-in conjunction
with Judge Hamilton.
Thummell has made no effort to
avoid service, he declares. He was In
his apartments at Britton Hall to-day.
When seen there he declined to dis
cuss the questions before the commit
tee at its session of Friday, in which
his name was mentioned as legislative
representative of the three companies.
Maine testified that the
had made payments to Timinmell un
der general instructions of the con
troller. Thummell was assistant to the
late E. L. Short, who was the general
solicitor of the Mutual for many years.
It was explained oy Maine in his tes
timony that by an organized sj-stem
the three life insurance companies di
vided equally the expenses of Judge
Hamilton, Short and Thummell.
Prosecutor Hughes in his examina
tion this week is expected to bring to
light further facts relating to the deal
in Chicago and Alton 3% per cent re
funding bonds, by which the New York
Life Insurance Company lost $000,000,
as told in the testimony elicited be
fore the committee last "Wednesday.
WILL FORM A LEAGUE.
Pastor to Head Organization to Punish
Insurance Men.
NEW YORK, Oct. I.— At the conclu
sion of a sermon in which he de
nounced the management of the great
Insurance companies to-night. Rev. ,A.
Lincoln Moore, pastor of the Riverside
Baptist Church, announced that at a
meeting: to be held to-morrow in the
offices of Attorney A. Judson Hyatt in
Nassau said he would head a league
that would have for Its object the
bringing to the notice of the proper
authorities the alleged misdeeds of the
officials of the several Insurance com
panies which are now under investi
gation by the legislative committee.
Hyatt stated that the league would
request the resignation of John A. Mc-
Call and Vice President Perkins, and
also force that result and compel the
officials to restore trust funds diverted
to any alleged unlawful purpose.
SHIP STRIKES
MINE AND 15
PERSONS DIE
Coaster Is Totally De
stroyed South of
Shantung 4 .
SHANGHAI. Oct. 1.-The coasting
steamship Hsiesho, plying between
Shanghai and -Tientsin, struck a mine
yesterday morning ninety miles south
of Shantung Promontory and was totany
destroyed, Fifteen persons were drowned.
Including Engineers Mauchan and Slulr.
The passengers and a portion of the crew
were rescued by two passing steamships.
Seventy-one of the ; survivors have ar
rived here. All the foreign passengers
were saved.
Mexican Kmbasnador Delayed.
MEXICO CITY. Oct. 1. — Embassador
Casasus, who expected to " leave last
night for Washington, Is confined to
bis bed with a severe illness
THE "WEATHER.
SECURITIES
THIEF NOW
BEHIND BARS
Police Capture Man
' Who Purloined
$359,000.
Confesses His Crime and
Tells Where Booty :
Is Hidden. v
Perpetrator of the Crime -That
Startled Banking World
Is Model Youth.
Cpedal Dlcsatch to Th» Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. I.— Locked up In po
lice headquarters, with his full confession
In the possession of Captain John Me-
Cauley, is the young man. who, by means
of a forged check, last Wednesday ob
tained from the National City Bank se
curities valued at $359,000. He was ar
rested at 11 o'clock this morning, just as
he stepped from his home and was on
his way to church. Four hours later,
after he had defeated every effort of
Captain McCauley and George S. Dough
erty, superintendent of the Pinkerton
Detective Agency, to persuade him to
confess, he broke down and. In 'a flood
tears, told the complete story of his
crime. '/ \u25a0-> :: «r; , " \
Captain McCauley to-night had in his
possession more than one-half of the
stolen securities. The. remainder have
been located, . and will be in his hands
to-morrow. .
In order that the full ends of justice
may not be defeated, and because of the
fact that . the father and mother of the
young: man have not ._ been informed: of
hls^crime or j3f a JH3.arrftst^.hia_i>aine»^at7,
the request ~of the authorities, is- with
held. He has not,. been connected v with
the National ..' City Bank, .which' 'was
robbed, nor with Pearl &•- Co., the firm of
bankers, which had hypothecated ,wlth
the bank the securities that .were-pur
loined.
He has for several years^ been transfer
clerk in one of the best-known -brokerage
firms- in Wall street. He is> 24 years old,
and has been regarded by his employers
and by his friends as a model of pro
priety and honesty. His position was
one of responsibility and trust. His en
gagement to a young woman, \ we,ll
known in society circles of this city, was
recently announced, and he was soon to
have been married.
According to the confession her signed
this evening the crime was all his own
from its inception to its execution. ' He'
had made arrangements to dispose of the
stock and bonds which he had stolen, but
at the time of his arrest not one of them
had been hypothecated by him.
The young man who ; set the entire
banking world of \ the country by the
ears, and who was at least' partly suc
cessful in the greatest robbery that has
been done in more than two decades, in
appearance is little more than a school
boy.
TWO MEN END
THEIR LIVES IN
NIAGARA FALLS
Bodies Recovered in
River Below -,
Horseshoe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAGARA FALLS, N. V., Oct. I.— The
bodies of two men, who committed sui
cide, are lying in the Morse Morgue, on
the Canadian side of the river, . awaiting
identification. One, was taken • from the
river below Horseshoe Falls. The sec
ond was picked up this morning. The
body found yesterday is evidently that
of a man of refinement. That recovered
to-day Is of a man about 40 years
old. On the vest was a pin inscribed,
"St. Michael's Golden Jubilee, 1902."
The second body may be that of the
man who jumped from the Goat Island
bridgre more than a week ago, although
few bodies which pass over the Ameri
can falls are recovered.
ZIONITES SAY,-DOWIB
IS NOT, PAEALYZEI)
Admit He Is 111 and Deny
Visitors Admittance to *
Healer's Car.
EL PASO, Texas, Oct. , L— Alexander
Dowie and his Chicago party arrived here
this morning, en route to .the' proposed
Zionist, colony at a Tamaullpas,' ; Mexico.
Members ;of * his .' party deny : that Dowie
has been stricken with : paralysis, but
they admit that he is 111. .He \u25a0 has been
locked in. his private car all day, and all
inquirers* are \u25a0 denied admission. ,
Shortly! before retiring to-night f Dowie'
[walked from'one car.to the other unaided,
and his secretary called attention ; to ; this
as proof that •- he was not suffering I from
paralysis. •'/ Dowie ~ seemed weak, but not
in any way disabled,*"
The San Francisco Call.
HOPE OF SAVING THE ALAMEDA
FROM GRIP OF THE REEF IS SMALL
STEAMER SANTA BARBARA CRASHES ON. ! ROCKS AT DEL MAR
SOCIETY BELLE
MAY BE VICTIM
OF MURDERERS
Body Found in Suit Case
HasNotYetßeen
I
BOSTON, Octr I.— lt is stated ; to-night
on what must be unimpeach-'
able authority, that the daughter of one
of the most \u25a0 prominent^ families In Boston
has been: missing for the last: two weeks.
Who this young woman Is was not made
known. Neither have her relatives ' thus
far. called', upon the police to search -for
her. It is said/however,. that severalin-.
quiries have | been' made and that thus far
no trace 'of her has been found.
Since; the discovery/ of {the dress suit
cases I the . torso ,of• a\ young
woman ; ; between - 18 : and . 20 T years '. of-?age
£.nd since nobody has ; come ' to ritho front
so far 'to' identify. 'i the', mutilated body,
the parents of the missing society girl are
fearing that the remains may be .those of
their daughter. V . • - V ,; >
Neither Chief jWalls'of the Boston police
force -or. Captain ' Shawhead of I the i State
Police : Department . have ; been. /told -, the
name of the missing girl. But In the /.event
that her : whereabouts continue to ; remain
a secret' much : longer it js i said : the ; police
will be ! called ' upon"/ to aid in aY private
search that ; has 1 thus • far .; proved i unsuc
cessful^ :'':'\u25a0': \u25a0 .•'. •!\u25a0.":'•' .r^/'"- -\u25a0'.'\u25a0'-,\u25a0'. - : ."••'-£' :
/.There L- are -, two prisoners locked « up Tin
one iof \u25a0'.'\u25a0. the i police «s« s stations • in 5 this ?; city.
charged-.with i-i beirig^ suspicious : h persons/
They, are George; Hayries,* af clerk fof J the
OceanT Steamship;. Company, -and \u25a0 Samuel
R.:,Wingfleld, 'an; optician:; TheyJ are said
to know- som^thingjabout; the* dress . suit
case I mystery. : : , The^* police,, talked fto '?. the
two men f early . this Jand ! conclude
ed to arrest . Haynes ' as It a'; suspicious \ perf
son.^ Later,' they (decided > to ! put \ the -other
man Z. under jl arrest,/ in > order %th at ; bo th
might "'; be X on '% hand I when) George '(\u25a0._ Berk
nianh \u25a0 and \ Maurice': Rubin,^ the \u25a0 two pawn
brokers f ; who ;• sola ; ' dress Z suit %. cases
September 19, \u25a0 should come to. identify lthe
prisoners. 7 . ">> k'.4-Xv.^- : '' r : 'i -'•--.'.. '.---'\u25a0- '\u0084-'
.y.;. This i being^a; Jewish Ihollday,
Berkmann ; or^Rubln could; be \u25a0 induced to
go to the station-houseNTo-morrow.'i howf
ever,, the 1 two j prisoners . will; be confront-*
ed with' the pawnbrokers.
SAN 'FRANOISCG^IOND&Y,: OCTOBER :2/ 1905.
Special Dispatch-to The Call.
PASSENGERS
ESCAPE IN
LIFEBOATS
IMucfcy Vessel Is
Towed Off in
theMglit.
,The , coast ; steam *lii p Santa >. Barbara
.Trent -ashore \u25a0 on -. the sharp . rocks r hear
Del ~ Mar,?: on •; the jj const ; ; "of ;/Mendoclmo>"
early * yesterday/i moruing. Heavy, seas
were* break! ngp at * the ;• tln»e> £ but the
sixteen "\, pcsmenjcefs ~ were ' landed ' in
safety In , the lifeboats. The atennianlp
was *af tcrvrnrd towed "off . by three other
coasters.''-' V i. •',-'.•-?-*'• f .**-.- ••
\u25a0}[•\u25a0 Every "one- was asleep when the. little
.vessel; struck. '. : '.. When" the { crash \u25a0 came'
there ! was Ja.wildj scramble . to . the'decks.*
.The iwornen' shrieked.- and ' something/: of
a*panlci,wasjthreatened. \u25a0'//"- -;-:\u25a0 v \u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0\u25a0-'. \u25a0\u25a0- ' >"\u25a0_£
\u25a0i : i'At; thej first": alarm Frank
ZaddartHnishedionKdeckranddldihls
best \u25a0 ; to.^"calni^; the >f rightehed r people]-
The vessel* was : jammed- hard "upon the
rocks fand^. the breakers* were' booming
ominously.- ;^';>^i. -'-..-'.\u25a0: ' "\u25a0-*'\u25a0'-'\u25a0> ''.- * :'-.-^: '-.-^
;"'-'!. ' -Wo x are as • safe ]as t though '; we ; were
Continued on Page 2, Column 2.
I--' PHOTOGRAPH SHOWING ACTIVITIES YESTERDAY ABOUT THK STEAMSHIP HUNG UP OX REEF IX GOLDEX GATE IX |
-' • REMOVALiOF. THE VALUABLE CARGO. HOPE HAVING BEEN ABANDONED OP FREEING VESSEL FKOM THE ROCKS,
VA- 7 ? AT LEAST! UNTIL. HER HOLD SHOULD BE EMPTIED.- - • . I
Two Disasters of the Sea Befall Vessels in Quick
Succession, but No Lives Are Lost.
;. All day yesterday the .Alameda lay
helpless ;on the rocks near Fort Point,
her.' bow? held as in Vj vice. There is ;a
slight; possibility that she may yet be
floated :and 'once more ride' the waves , ln
splendid f majesty, '?, but \ the ' chance off her
escape :is not encouraging, y* A \u25a0 bit' of ;,bad
weather, "a -choppy- sea, ;"_ a^nasty . wind— ii
any,'one of these : would pound her against
the; rocks i until shc.jWas i;a •shapeless
iWreck.*;,^ She •lies-there,-. a- helpless ;mon-.
ster,";: magntflcent ;, in 7 her "misfortune, 'i the
spectacle f for. r a 'great ; throng of sympa^
; thizers. :' who \u25a0 stand • 'on - the : , shore ? and
watch and wait 1 for] the end.
".jFor vthe sight of .the /Alameda is a . plti^
ful* one.t '\u25a0'•. She "'\u25a0; seems so"' big,- so { able -to
fight fwltht the '."greatest power: of . the ele-
Iments ; ori the^earthr. so^beautif ul with her
shapely .; lines sof *' strengths that ; one -can
scarcely,; believe f; that -J she *ls struggling
with! all • her i might J to off I the j hand
bt ' death." ?s Yet s one"? look I into v the ! ; vitals
'of^Ke.vessel.^where^the watery has flooded
In'.untilvH Is' on* a level with the* sea:
shows • plainly 'that ' she is almost
within i the /shadows. '\u25a0>'-'
f* LikeTaVdef eated" champion "' lies . the Ala- 1
medaT'" The? victor . of \a ; hundred battled
1 thejelements,". she; was at last caught
.unawares ?_by»t an 1 ever j readyi foe ' and* she
fell/;.- 'As Us^ thei case 'of .'afdefeated'eham^
ALCAZAR— "The Kternal City/.*
CALIFORNIA— IdeaI Extravaganza Co
CENTRAL — "Th« Llghthousa by th«
Sea."
CHUTES— V»udev«!B. ' ".. :
COLUMBIA— * "Sunday." \u0084 .., :'.
GRAND — "Arizona." \u25a0 J.fl!,">l
MAJESTIC— "Thehna." I \u25a0 4
ORPHEtTM— Vaudeville. :\u25a0; ! .
pion who has been the Idol of a commun
ity. 1 the hearts of the people. are In sym
pathjvwith the fallen one. 'The thousands
who 7 yesferday,; visited^ the scene of ; the
wreck :were_7all of one thought. "What a
pity that : so good a \-Pssel should meet
such an untimely end!" , *
t All. about the Alamed:iihe. scene is a
peaceful one. . The high tide conceals the
bristling rocks : which thr»;aitn her . sides.
Her;:nose. is J prodded into sthe
sands.' . She; does ? not » seem \ to i. be " injured.
Indeed.'she* seems ; as. ; lf 3 she wei;e Just
resting and, that, she might slide 'out and
steam away.' again at any moment. She
rests,: quietly, so quiet that one*fe-l»
as;if:it would-be possible. to push her off
with mere , : human strength.
SHIP CLOSE TO XA.VD.
She lies, just r Inside tlic Golden Gate."
Land* la "a". bare J hundred 'f*et J away.'" A
fleet i of j'smallj. boats j Idle -arrtund,- watch-^
ing * for "a ; movement " f rom •the i greats v« s
sel.'; iThe ; sea - itself vis calm -as if A loth
to i add :V further."; In ; destroying [ Ua ; prey.
'And yet. as Is : the" case of .wrecks 'at sea.
the " gulls .' are circling 4 around,'; watching
for; a ; chance (to ', dart , In h and ; seize some
morsel; hidden In ' the hold. It seems an
evil 'I sign.;" .- * •. '^ v -
X According ; to. Captain ' John Metcalfe
there seems to i be a prospect that ; she
THE ; THEATERS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Thousands viewed the
wrecked steamer Alameda yes
terday as she lay wedged in
rock and sand off Fort Point.
Captain i Metcalf e » and others
have slight hope that, with fair'
weather, the great ship may be
saved. Much of her cargo was
taken off yesterday, and it will
not be long before every, method
known to wreckers will be ar>
plied in the hope of saving the
vessel. She lies within a few
hundred feet of land, and at low
tide her prow is lifted quite well
out of the sea. \Vhen the tide
js-.higH the Alameda looks as if
she, might be at anchor. \u25a0. She is
a .wonderful picture of the help
lessness o£ a ship in . the shal
lows.* \ So far as known there
has been no grave injury to her
plates. - Divers will make thor
ough examinations to-day. *
• Following close on the wreck
ing of the Alameda the Santa
Barbara went ashore near Del
Mar, off the Mendocino coast.
'This disaster occurred early
yesterday morning while the
weather was clear and the sea
calm. All passengers were saved.
may be saved. Of course,, the saving of
the steamer largely depends upon a con
tinuation of fine weather. All day yes
terday was spent removing her cargo
into great barge 3 which lay along her
port side, and by nightfall nearly, all her
cargo had been removed. As fast as \u25a0 a
barge was loaded It wa3 towed down to
Pacific-street dock, where the . merchan
dise was landed on the wharf.
'"Captain - John Metcalfe, Lloyd's marina
surveyor, went out to the scene of. the
wreck early yesterday morning: and spunt
the greater part of the, cay there look-
Ing over the situation. He was not very
enthusiastic * over the possibilities, and
confined himself to . the statement that
there was a prospect.
The marine Insurance fraternity was
represented on board the steamer by
Alexander H. Small," for Balfour. Guthrta
& Co.'s companies, and Louis Rosenthal,
representing, the Swiss Marine Insurance
companies.
Captain "Albert F. Plllsbury, , surveyor
of I Board .' of Marine : Underwriters, had
charge . of the discharging of . the cargo."
- FYederlck :S. Samuel 3 ,. manager ; of tbo
foreign shipping department of J.'.D.
Spreckels ™& Bros. Compariy," also spent
Continued on I'agc 2, Column -fc2
BATTELSHIP
MISSISSIPPI
IS OBSOLETE
So Declares Chief
' of the Naval
Bureau.
Ship Launched Satur
: day Is Too Slow for
Uncle Sam.
Many Faults Are Found With
Latest Addition to the
Yankee Fleet
EjjecUJ Dispatch to TJie CalL
SVASHINGTON. Oct. I.— -The battleship
Mississippi, which was launcaed yester
day. at Cramp's shipyard in Philadelphia,
Is practically obsolete. Alinough enter
ing the water now for tbe first time, she
is outclassed by vessels built eight and
ten years ago. Deficient in speed, inferior
In size and with a very limited coal
capacity, the Mississippi will be unable
to take her proper place with modern
ships.
This statement is made oy a prominent
bureau chief of the Navy Department.
Similar declarations were made by other
naval officers, who freely condemn the
Mississippi and her sister ship, the Idaho,
v.'hich is also .building at Cramp's ship
yard, i ,
The Mississippi has a tonnage of only
iCOOO, whereas leading European nations
• are building battleships of J6.000 and IS.OOO
' torts. The greatest handicap of the new
. vessel is in speed. She is built to develop
only seventeen knots an hour. As one
bureau chief said today: "This puts the
Mississippi into tbe obsolete class."
BOYS IN BLUE
SAVING MONEY
.WASHINGTON. Oct. I.— The report of
Frarcis A. S. Dodge, the paymaster gen
eral of the army, for tbe fiscal year,
points out that the enlisted men have now
every chance to put away money for
.their own savings by the deposit system,
which guarantees them absolute safety.
During the last year the amount de
posited by the men was 51,531,020. making
j the total amount since the establishment
.of the system $26,294,236.
Dodge states that the present
laws against' permanent appointments in
, tbe staff corps and In departments will
result in course of time in all the grades
in the pay department being filled by of
ficers detailed from the line. He rec
ommends that the law be amended so as
to "limit details to vacancies occurring in
'the grade of captain ror which captains
of the line should be selected as now, and
'.bat all grades above captain should be
made permanent appointments.
The amount exi>ended on account of
the pay of the army during the year was
$31,361,122.
The last complete pay schedule for the
army was passed by Congress thirty-five
ago and the report contends that
it is not sufficient for the demands of
our times. The fact that the army is un
deYpaid, the report adds, makes it Im
possible to recruit out of such classes as
might be wished.
YAQUIS AGAIN
ON WARPATH
. HERMOSILLO. Mexico, Oct. 1.-Eigbt
teamsters were attacked by Yaqul Indi
ans yesterday eight miles from Carbo.
Seven were captured and lashed to their
wagons, which were then plundered. The
escaping teamster brought the news to
Carbo. He believes his companions have
all been killed.
Forty-three people have been killed, it
is said, by Yaqul Indians since September
12. Three hundred Indians are said to be
on the warpath. The condition is consid-
J ered mere serious than at any time dur
ing the long Yaqul war.
LA FOLLETTE WOULD
BILV FOE PRESIDENT
Governor of Wisconsin Will
tße a Candidate
in 1908.
Special Diapstch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON. Oct. I.— Taking Presi
dent Roosevelt at his word that he does
not desire another nomination for the
Presidency, Governor Robert M. La Fol
lette of Wisconsin, according to one of
his personal friends, has virtually de
cided to become an early candidate for
the Republican, nomination in 1908. At
a recent conference of Governor La Fol
lette, and his friends It is said that it was
decided that Governor La Follette should,
retain his present position as Governor
and decline his other tentative office of
United States Senator. La Follette, It is
understood, will announce his candidacy
for the Republican nomination next year.
Meantime he will continue to lecture in
various States, discussing questions of
vital interest in them.
JOIIS MITCHELL OK UXITED .
. MIS EttS TO CALL OX PRESIDENT
SCRANTON, Pa-. Oct. I.— By Invita
tion President John Mitchell of • the
"nited Mine Workers will on Tuesday
next call on President Roosevelt. • He
•locs not know ; particularly what the
J'resident wants 'to see him about, but
it is surmised here that, it Is to look
over the possibility of avextins: a strike
In the anthracite, region next spring.
Lffe.lnKaro&re lavestljrntlonN.
Are you r> reserves: manipulated In
Wall street? l.The .Conservative Life;
registers' your"' 'policy- 1 ivjth' the Insur- !
ance Department and the State of Call- j
fornia holds tbe money to secure your,
oolicy. .. : ;
STRIPS I
THE ROCKS
ATDELMAR
Continued From rage 1, Column \u25a0*•
on shore," the captain declared. "There
is posltvely no danger."
But the heavy seas rocked the ves
sel and the lifeboat was ordered
launched. Fire women were lowered
Into the boat and pulled ashore through
the breakers. A utiff breeee was blow
ing: and the surf was rolling high. The
rocks on vrhicb tbe Santa Barbara
struck are nt the base of a. high cliff
and the landing wan perilous. Several
times the breakers threatened to over
whelm the Jlfeboat.
White and dumb with terror the
women clung: to the side of the little
lifeboat, expecting at any moment to
be thrown Into the boiling surf and
drowned. One of them, Mrs. J. Folset
of Los Angeles, held a tiny baby in
her arms.
WOMEN LANDED FIRST.
The women, drenched to the skin, were
finally landed on a tiny stretch of beach.
They- were weak from- the terrible ex
perience they bad passed through. The
male passengers were landed soon after
ward.
Meanwhile the Santa Barbara had been
sounding signals of distress. Tbe Sea
Foam was the first vessel to catch the
signals. She launched her boats and took
the passengers aboard. The Porno, the
Punta Arena and the . Phoenix were at
tracted to the scene.
The thrae vessels passed out hawsers
to the Santa Barbara, and tried to pull
her off, but even their concentrated ef
forts were fruitless. It was compara
tively low tide when the Santa Barbara
struck and It was decided to wait for high
tide. At high tide the three vessels again
tugged at the Santa Barbara. This time
she was pulled from the rocks with a
great hole in her bow. Latest advices
from Del Mar are that the Santa Bar
bara is being towed to this port by the
Punta Arena and tbe Porno. She is
leaking badly.
The following passengers from San
Francisco were brought back on the Sea
Fawn: R. -Antoni, "William Donnelly, R.
A- Warwick, James D. "Wilson, Mrs. J.
D. "Wilson. E. Meland and Edward Fran
cis. Mrs. J." Foiset and her baby were
also on tbe Sea Foam. ,
CAPTAIN STAYS ABOARD.
The Santa Barbara carried a crew of
eighteen. There were 6oven in ..the en
gine room, seven deck hands and four in
the steward's department
The Santa Barbara left her* Saturday
morning for Seattle on her" regular run.
She passed out through the Golden Gate
Juet a little while before the' Alaraeda
went upon the rocks at Fort Point. The
Santa Barbara ran into the same fog
bank that brought disaster to the big
liner, only to run into as grave a danger
later on.
The crew of the Santa Barbara are in
clined to be reticent about the affair.
They say that they encountered little
fog after they got outside the Potato
Patch. The weather was comparatively
clear when she struck upon the rocks.
Captain Zaddart refused to leave the
ship after she struck, though for a while
It looked as if she were doomed. He
insisted that she could be towed off.
He and four of the crew stayed with the
vessel until she was oft the rocks. They
are coming Into port with" her. "\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0' -"
Thanks to the good Judgment of the
captain and, the efficiency of the. crew",
there were no lives lost and not even a
minor mishap. The passengers were
landed at Mission Pier No. 1, none the
worse for their rough experience. -•.' >.~
STRIKES AT DAWN.
When the Santa Barbara struck on the
rocks the sun was just beginning to rise
over the distant hills and the weather
was clear, not a cloud marring the azure
blue of the sky. The sea was as smooth
as glass and the good ship was riding
easily, with the captain in his bunk and
the second mate at the wheel. All tho
passengers were in bed and none of them
knew tha ship, was on .the rocks -till
awakened and told to get ready to leave
In the lifeboats. , k -f ':-.\u25a0":
A panic was narrowly averted when the
steward was making the rounds of the
staterooms, giving the alarm that the
ship had struck a rock. Women jumped
out of their bunks and ran out on the
decks, crying for aid. Some of the
calmer male passengers wisely thought of
the lifeboats and were about to rush -for
them when they were informed that
everything . had been provided f or.,v, > »
As soon as the ship' struck, Captain
Zaddart was awakened and he assumed
command. He ordered* the lifeboats
launched and within half an hour after
the roiks were struck every passenger
had been safely landed on the adjacent
shore.
As all the passengers were asleep when
tbe "vessel struck, it was impossible for
any of them to give an accurate account
of the stranding. In the excitement
which followed, most of them forgot to
take bearings, each being intent on get
ting his belongings' together and hustling
into one of the waiting lifeboats as quick
ly as possible.
Mrs. Foiset of Los Angeles and her
eighteeir-months-old baby - boy were pas
sengers on the Santa Barbara. When she
was awakened by the steward her first
thought was of her Infant. Clutching
her babe In her arms, Mrs. Folset quickly
ran out on the deck and was there met
by one of the officers, who told her that
everything was all right. •
"We were all hustled into two lifeboats
and quickly rowed to the shore about a
hundred feet away," said Mrs. Foiset
last night. "There was absolutely no
panic on board the ship after she struck
and if the steward had not informed us
that we were high and dry -on the rocks
we should not have known what had
happened.
*"I was alarmed at first when I was
awakened, for people were, running
around the decks and every one seemed
excited. Captain Zaddart informed us
that there was no danger and not to
worry, as the lifeboats were- ready to
take us ashore. We * all landed in J the
boats without any difficulty and 'were
quickly rowed to Del Mar, where we were
taken care of till the steamer Sea Foam
came and carried us away."
"We did not know what had happened
till the ship had been on the rocks for
several minutes," said James D. Wilson
of this city, who, with his wife, ' was a
passenger bound for Seattle. ."Every
thing was conducted in an orderiy man
ner on board the ship and we were landed
on shore without much ceremony. -When
I went out on the deck the light of dawn
was just breaking and the sky was clear
as crystal. There was not ' a ripple on
the sea and I cannot understand how the
vessel struck the rocks."
Captain Miller, in charge of the steamer
Sea Foam, which brought the Santa Bar
bara's passenger* to this 'city,*, did not
board the distressed vessel' sending sev
eral members or his crew : instead. . Cap
tain Miller beard of the misfortune. to the
Santa Barbara when his ship touched at
Point Arena shortly after the \u25a0 accident.
"t do not know Just how. badly the
Santa Barbara is damaged." said Captain
Miller, "but I will venture to say ; they
will have a hard 7 time getting, her off the
rocks.' She appeared to me to be wedged
in very tight, and when' we left the scene
of the. wreck, the tide was fairly high,
yet there seemed little chanco ? of floatine
THE: SAN FRANCISCO CALL, - /\u25a0MOND&Yjft OCTOBER 2, -1905;
WORKMEN REFUSE
TO LEAVE SHIP
'Martinique Laborers for Pan
ama Canal Work Balk at
the /Sanitaiy Regulations
FIGHT WITH THE POLICE
Clubs Are Used to Drive Men
, Ashore and Condition;, of
Immigrants Is Pitiable
COLON, Oct. I.— Six hundred and fifty
laborers from Martinique brought here
Friday on the French steamer VersaUles.
under contract to work on the canal re
fused to disembark or to submit to vac
cination, which is imperative under the
American sanitary regulations. They
clamored to be taken back to .Martln
inque, asserting that they had been mis
informed as to the conditions here-be
fore they embarked, and that later they
learned these conditions were intolerable
and deadly. - . \u25a0
Yesterday morning, however, 500 of
them were with difficulty persuaded to
land, and these were sent to. points along
the line of the canal. One hundred and
fifty remained on board and declined to
leave the ship under <any consideration.
They were forcibly ejected from the ves
sel this afternoon by Panaman and canal
zone policemen, but not until nearly every
one of them had been clubbed, and sev
eral were bleeding from nasty wounds.
All of yesterday and last night the Ver
sailles was guarded by Panaman police
men. - i
Early this morning tbe French Consul
at Colon, M. Bonhenry. appealed jto the
men to listen to reason, explaining thai
they had left Martinique under contract
with the canal zone emigration agent
guaranteeing the payment of their pas
sage here, and that while working on the
canal they.' would have in addition to
their wages tbe guarantee of free quar
ters and free medical attendance. • The
men, however, , were not answerable to
this reasoning.
• MEN ARE OBSTINATE.
: Notwithstanding the efforts of the Con
sul, of the Panaman and American ofn
cials and despite the. information, given
them by several of their countrymen that
health and other conditions on the isth
mus were satisfactory and that the
terms of their employment would enable
them to save money, they persistently
refused to leave the ship, baring their
breasts and invoking death in preference
ot going ashore.
The captain of the Versailles, who, all
through the trouble displayed an extra
ordinary amount of patience, told the
men that he was ready to take back to
Martinique all those who were able | to.
pay their passage, but the men argued
that ihe French Government would be
willing to reimburse the steamship com
pany and that they themselves were pen
niless.
Before noon, at the Instance of M. Ra
voi, the agent of the company, and the
French Consul, with' a squad of twelve
police, went on board the vessel and told
the men that force would be used if they
persisted in their, refusal to disembark.
Seeing that the police were armed, with
bayonets and guns the men again bared
their breasts and said, t . they, preferred
death rather than be taken ashore. Gov
ernor Melendez, Mayor Aldron/ the.Chier
of Police^ and others' argued with the
men, but again without effect. '\u25a0^' ; '!y'
' POLICE BEGIN CLUBBING. "'\u25a0'-,'"
Ten additional policemen at the
wharf, but the Governor, wishing to
avoid bloodshed and considering that the
police force was insufficient, telegraphed
to President Amador, asking permission
to use the canal zone police, to which the
President consented.*' Meantime twelve
policemen from'ithe zone had arrived at
the dock and were being held in readi
ness. -
At 2 o'clock the laborers were informed
that they .would be given -two hours to
reconsider their decision, and at 4 o'clock
three of them cgnsented to disembark,
the others still holding- out. Then tha
Panaman police, armed with clubs, ap
proached the laborers and on their refus
ing to quit the ship began to club them
right and left.
The zone police a few minutes later as
sisted in the clubbing, but with better
judgment and less indiscriminately. About
fifty of the laborers leaped into the sea,
but all of the men were able to swim.
The captain, however, lowered a boat,
which picked them up. Nearly every man
had received blows and several of them
were bleeding from ugly ...wounds.
Seeing that resistance was useless, the
men yielded, came ashore and began to
eat the food that had been placed on the
dock in sight of them for several hours.
Many of them had not eaten since Sat
urday. At 5 o'clock all the laborers, .who
were in a pitiable condition, were placed
on board a train which left for Corozal,
where they wlllbe put to work.
NO FEVER IN PANAMA.
Vessels Leaving Canal Zone Carry
Clean. Bills of Health.
PANAMA. Oct. I.— Vessels leaving
Panama and Colon now carry ; clean
bills of health. TKere, has- not been
a case of fever in Colon in months,
while Panama and . the f , Canal, zone
have had only five .cases. Colonel
Georgas and his staff do not claim that
the disease has been stamped out, but
they feel sanguine.
the ship, though four boats tugged vigor
ously "at her. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 .'„• \u25a0;'
"We . reached the Santa Barbara about
11 o'clock, and came prepared to; take her
itosfcengers on board our ; ship,- for we
hoard of her trouble at Pomt ' Arena. ,1
did not board her, but sent a boat; out
with several of :my men to bring I her
passengers on board. When we received
then, we Immediately left for San Fran
cisco, for It was impossible; for us to do
any more good at, the scene of the acci
dent..,-- ". :\u25a0::\u25a0/ \u25a0 .*.'•;.:\u25a0•/\u25a0. \u25a0,'\u25a0-:.--\u25a0 .;*;• '.; >;-
\u25a0 "The weather was clear . all along the
coast, and I can aef ign.no reason for the
Santa Barbara's going ashore. I did not
speak to : Captain but)l under
stand he was in bed at' the time the ship
struck, and that. the second mate waa.at
the wheel.". : • ,\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0,;\u25a0 v , • ;\u25a0\u25a0.
Soon after the Santa; Barbara
on the rocks she was sighted jby several
coaster?, who" hastened; to 'her. assistance
and made attempts to : get her ;oIT ;the
rocks. : Four, ships 'tugged ? away- at '% the
stranded craft,-- namely, .{the r Sea : Foam,
Point Arena, ', Phoenix » and " Porno. - Late
yesterday afternoon the jlast, named (three
boats succeeded :iir dragging the stranded
vessel from i her "i dangerous | pftsltipn jon
the' rocks,; and she proceeded \u25a0 to .t his • city
In towol the Point Arena and; the Porno
.The task'.-: of releasing Hhe? Santa Bar
bara from the shoals was a very, difficult
one, according ,to f. a >: dispatch J received
from Del Mar,', and; it ? seemed
till the Uide v began: to"; rise late ,ini the aft
ernoon," when ;the;three>boatsr made -one
desperate "'effortr'ahd -.finally.' succeeded in
dragging 'the. coasterj into d .deepiwater.X
The ; Santa"! Barbara Iwas '.'considered ; one
of the best of the smaller^ coasting vessels
running " between' Lost "Angeles,-; 1 , this? city
and Seattle.: j She; was; built* in] 1900, iis jl7o
feet long and Is of 695 toris.^ She is, owned
by/ ! J. : R. " Hanify t & XCo.f ? shipping > mer-"
chants : . of '% this ':\u25a0_ city.": I and ?Is -,valued 'i at
1100,000. v She \u25a0 carried i a r i valuable I; cargo^ of
general i" merchandise", •^*u"..'f«»fj. which £was
consigned Ho -Seattle,; ' \u25a0 V '
TO BE SAVED
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
the flay on board the Btranded vessel.
. DIVERS ARE WORKING.;.--
Divers went ' on : board yesterday and
made a careful survey, ana this morn
ing they will don their diving suits early
and ' sink ; Into the; briny, wjien they • will
ascertain upon what sort of a
rocky ledge -the vessel now laj's. .
At high tide yesterday the vessel moved
slightly up and down, but tnls movement
,ln no way changed her position. "Her
holda ; are ; full of water, which flows In
andout- with the falling and rising of
the tide. At; low tide hersow projects
considerably, but at high tide she almost
looks as if she might be riding at anchor.
"A* telephone was installed yesterday,
connecting the wrecked- vessel with the
shore. This was done by the boys of the
Second Company of the Signal -Corps ! of
the National Guard of California, : who
volunteered their' services for the work.
Lieutenant G. W.; Miller nad charge, of
the laying of the 'cable. :'\u25a0:-. •'. ).\u25a0'-'\u25a0
Captain Dowdell was a very busy. man
yesterday. When asked his opinion re
garding the . floating of the vessel he
said: "I cannot say mucn about the pos
sibilities ( of getting the Alameda away
from her rocky bed. I consider, her safe
for. some days \u25a0to come If the weather
keeps mild; When the cargo is all out "I
suppose heavy barges or , pontoon* will
be. put alongside, and by means of cables
and chains put* under her-bottom she
could be towed off. We will hot attempt
to pull her off until, this is done. We have
the - most valuable . assistance, frpm"; the'
life-saving , stations here. They " came ,to
our assistane'e . the moment we grounded
and they -have been In constant attend
ance on us ever since. I cannot offer too
much praise to - Captain Varney of .the
Golden Gate Station, Captain Nutter . of
the Bonlta Station and Captain Carlson
of tho Fort Point Station. I have; been
in command of this vessel off and on for
twelveyears. It is a. heavy blow to me
to see her in- this position."
CRO'Wb'S' AT THE WRECK.
The scene of the wreck \was visited by
thousands of people yesterday. . The day
was . perfect. Early "in the morning great
crowds ' began wending their way "to . Fort
Point.- The big- dock In front of the old
fort was | soon jammed to its full capa
city. It was crowded so that no more
could find; a standing place there.' The
new arrivals then took to the- roof of. the
old brick fort. They perched along the
front of the casement, backed by hun
dreds who stood up.- craning their: necks
to get a view of. the big liner, which only
lay about 100 feet distant from the shore.
Finally the crowd got so great on . the
roof \u25a0: that Colonel Charles Morris, .the
commandant of the post at the Presidio,
was compelled ,to send • down a" ; troop of
infantry to keep ..the crowd away from
the • roof ', : as be was afraid the immense
weight of the . people would crush ,» it in.
Small numbers of . people wera, however,
allowed to remain there, while the guard
of soldiers paced slowly up and down in
their midst. ;
Besides the great throngs, that stood on
the fort and lined the shores, crowds
came out on the bay. : They, came in
every kind and style of water: craft
Launches, tugs",- steamers, yachtß, | sail
boats, row boats, shells and canoes, and,
in .fact, every .available kind :o: of \u25a0 boat' was
pressed j Into serv'lce and* each " had ; its ; full
complement of passengers-,. No such scene
of activity h'as.< been. seen ;in~ that part of
the I bay since the' loss iof < the Rio • de. Ja
nejrb^' ' * .*•':'" * :: v "' • "; : - : _ " \u25a0 '
Yesterday was ! a great \ day ' f or' " the
gamblers along ; the beach." .The • crowds
going to see 'the Alameda ; furnished the
game for the 'swindlers | and : they were
not. slow, to take advantage 'of the oppor
tunity. • Card games of every kind flour
ished, and even the old shell game was
in evidence. It ; is alleged that | the park
police were notified as to what was going
on; but that they J made no attempt to
stop the gaming. ,L.. V V' \u25a0 ,' .
ELECTRICAL WORKERS
'^CONFER WITH BOSSES
Locked-Out Men of Berlin
Fail to Reach 'Agree*
> ment. •
BERLIN. Oct. I.— A r conference of
the locked-out electrical worker's . arid
their employers to-day lasted; nearly
seven hours, but so. far ; as known no
agreement was reached.'; Herr " yon
Schultze, president "of jthV Government
Arbitration Bureau, -appealed
to the companies' to-: defer the: lockout
so as not to accentuate the dispute.
,V*The strikers are keeping- perfect or
der and their committees have appoint
ed special policemen to prevent dis
turbances. , . . l
FRENCH EMBASSADOR
GUEST AT WHITE HOUSE
M. and Mine. \u25a0 Jusserand En-
tertained by President
\u25a0 : ; and Mrsiyßooseveltr : :
WASHINGTON, -\ Oct. I.— President
and Mrs. Roosevelt V had , to-day \as
guests. Embassador.. Jusserand •of
France and Mme... Jusserand. The
President spent a quiet \u25a0 Sunday,;:;re
maining at the White House during: the
en tire day, except when' he • attended
services at the Grace. Reformed Church
in : the morning. The " church was
crowded.- The President walked to and
from the church unattended. _/ : .* !'
Send for Your Eastern Friends This
;\u25a0/;\u25a0 Month. : .
\ Take advantaya J'of ; the';- low ' colonist . rates
from Eastern points Uo Calif ornla. : ?50- from
New York. $33 from Chicagro/ $25;from'Omaha t -
Slmtlarjlow rates from other points.' 'The cost
of a ticket can be deposited with any South
ern Pacific apent •\u25a0 and -ticket- will >b« furnished
to'the pa«eenger-ln the East. 'For particulars
and illustrated literature see agent \u25a0 Southern
Pacific.' \u25a0'.\u25a0:'\u25a0 -v \u25a0 : :\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0;---.\u25a0• •\u25a0\u25a0-•\u25a0'\u25a0 •-\u25a0•\u25a0••-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
CASTORJA
\ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: For! lnfants and'CMldfen.
The Rind You Have Always Bought
; Bears
Signature of £*^
"f $l\ Peirfle ct "Fitting fgX y
im. to %
\ i«i $2.50 «*; \u25a0
|§-l!f| Eroken Lenses rs- ; 14)
:^--- .placed 50c".' '.'.. \
BODY OF HERO
REACHES RUSSIA
Remains of Major General
Kondratehko Are Received
With Great Demonstration
ARMY SENDS FLOWERS
More Honors Showered on
the Dead Than Were Given
Commander of Port Arthur
; ODESSA, Oct. I.— The body of Major
General Kondratenko, commander of
the Seventh East Siberian Rifles, who
wasv killed December last during the
siege ol Port Arthur and who Is
honored throughout Russia' as the fore
most hero of • the \u25a0. war, ; arrived : here to
day on a steamship from Port Arthur.
: The -body was received -with a great
civic and military demonstration, In
striking contrast with the indifference
displayed on : the arrival' of "Lieutenant
General Stossel. Deputations brought
wreaths from many, cities and from the
Russian army In Manchuria, A special
train to-morrow..will:convey the body
in state to St.' Petersburg, where, in the
presence ;of Emperor: Nicholas", it will
be in the 'Alexander Nevsky
Monastery,; the resting place of the em
pire's I most, celebrated men. i •
Five -hundred Russians froft Port
Arthur arrived on : the steamship,' which
also brought- the- body of > Paul I Lessar,
,who died while Minister atPelclng.
STEAD CO3IPARES CONSTITUTIONS.
Delivers Speech Before Council ot
Zematvos and Municipalities at
\u25a0\u25a0'.'. Moaco\r. \u25a0
LONDON, Oct." 2.— The Chronicle this
morning publishes William- T. Stead's
first speech to tho Council of Zemstvoa
and Municipalities at Moscow. \u25a0 The
speech was mainly, devoted to the an
swering of objections to the National
Assembly project by comparisons with
the American and British constitutions,
while at the same time vigorously crit
icizing the omissions in and defects of
the -scheme. Mr. 'Stead placed the
highest value on the projeot, however,
claiming that it was a tremendous ad
vance toward complete . liberty.
KO.MURA IN THE ROOKIES.
Baron. Amazed at Wonderful Fertility
'. ..;\u25a0- of Canada. \u25a0
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Oct. .I.— Baron
Komura and party passed through Cal
gary. . to-day. \u25a0•' The trip t toward the
west has been without important inci
dent." Baron- Koraura is ; standing the
trip well and expresses amazement . at
the wonderful fertility of the vast Canr
adian country. To-night ,the train
bearing the party is passing through
the Rockies and is due jto reach Van
couver at noon . to-morrow.' Large dele
gations of Japanese from Seattle, Van
couver and Victoria will greet Baron
Komura upon his arrival;.
BOSTON CARPENTERS TO GET
AN ADVANCE IN WAGES
BOSTON, Oct. I.~To-morrow 6000
carpenters : in -Boston and vicinity tvill
have their wages advanced 28 cents per
day." The : change- becomes operative
under'a decision -of Judge G. V'Went
worth of, the Municipal as arbl
tratpr, given about' a month ago. "
\u0084 ' >1 ." • • • -THE'-* • • \u25a0 ' X
6Gf OB ER. N l3 MBE R :
OF
"GAS AND ELECTRICITY"
\ . Contains Short and Breezy Articles on
Autumn Comforts for
, > "THE HOUSE BEAUTIFUL"
The Marvels of
ELECTRIC HEATING
Testing of Gas Meters
> : . ; , , By SIGMUND SCHWARTZ
.Our Electric System
Dy ollpt. r KAIXR. VAKINIIrT
Store's Department .
' Of a Vast Business
Electric Advertising, Gasology and How Electricity
Has solved the i
- . Typewriters' Matrimonial Puzzle
jf^V^^f^lfrybii^fan^tP^fitceive this- issue with your gas bill • call up •\u25a0
EXCHANGE-8-for a free copy by return mail.
; THE GAS COMPANY.
Colonist Rates
v^oiiiornis
Southern Pacific
- i Deposit the cost of a ticket with any Southern
Pacific agent and ticket will be furnished Pas-
senger in the East good for passage
nally conducted tourist cars. Full particulars
: San Francisco Office V -Oakland Office
613 Market Street v ; 12 San Pablo Aye.
MILLIONS LOST
IN JAPAN FIRE
Flames Break Out in Store
house, Burn 27 Buildings
and Much Valuable Stuff
PROVISIONS DESTROYED
Fodder arid Clothing Stored
in Temporary Structures
Furnish Food for the Blaze
TOKIO, O«. 1, 6 p. m.-A fire broke
out in an army storehouse at Hiroshima
at 1 o'clock this morning and burned over
three hours. The cause of the flre is be
ing' investigated.
The fire was 'still burning at 1 o'clock
this afternoon, " Twenty buildings, con
taining clothes and provisions, and seven
others, filled with fodder, were destroyed.
Although the buildings | were constructed
of light material they contained an enor
mous amount of stored goods, and the
structures being .of Inflammable nature
the flames were ' difficult to extinguish,
despite the desperate efforts of the
troops. .
The fire was discovered at 1 o'clock,
and spread with great rapidity. It was
probably of Incendiary origin. The loss
Is variously estimated at from $2,000,000
to $5,000,000.
NEVADA POLICEMAN
IS FATALLY SHOT
Joseph Mulholland of Las
Vegas Fired on by Man
He Had Arrested.
LAS VEGAS. Nev., Oct. I.— Joseph
Mulholland. a night policeman, was
shot and fatally wounded about 4
o'clock this morning. by William Mc-
Carthy, a well-known Montana char
acter, . who is generally \u25a0 called the
"Anheuser Kid." Mulholland had taken
McCarthy into custody earlier in the
night, but released: him. The shooting
took' place in a saloon. McCarthy sur
rendered* to the Sheriff.
BANDSTAND FALLS AND MANY
MUSICIANS ARK BADLY HURT
LAWRENCE. Mass., Oct. I.— Three
members of the.Banda Roma of Boston
were seriously hurt, while nearly
every other member of the band was
cut and bruised by the collapse of a
bandstand here to-night. The most
seriously, injured are Petro Deszere.
Noel Rossi- and Enrico La! t. The acci
dent was caused by the breaking of a
supporting post of the bandstand, al
lowing the structure to fall and pre
cipitating the members to the ground,
ten feet below. , "
MAKE A FINAL ATTEMPT
TO SAVE CONVICTED LAWYER
ALBANY, N.Y.. 0ct..l The final ef
fort .to save Albert T. Patrick, con
demned to death for the murder of "Wil
liam Marsh Rice, will be made before
the State Court of Appeals to-morrow.
Ex-Senator David B. Hill will address
the court. ln Patrick's behalf In an ef>
fort to obtain a reargument of the ap
peal'recently decided against' him by
the court by a vote of 4t03; . •- .•\u25a0\u25a0•' •
Skin Diseases |
Glycozbae
Endorsed by the Medical Profusion.
By destroying germs, they as-
sUt nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay cx~
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
Sold by leading Druggists.
If ot gen" l 3* «\u25a0!«• l«bcl l«»« my'»is«*!nro :
61 0 Ptlnce Street. N. V.
Write for rree laformatlaa ohont
HYPB»ZO.\Kan<I CI.TCO«)»»-
We Gnre Men for $12.50
Reference Is
F NOT A DJLLAa
&. - NEED BEPA|9
fflNg* ' M TILL GUREO
\L\~ W Our AMflty
;^v >y Knowledp
>^£fe:* /k place us in tie
w#^%- First Rani as
AYe cure Sktn Disease*, Blood Poison*
Varleocele, •stricture, Nervous Decline.
» v '»tn#»». Piles, Fistula, Hydrocele and
Blwium ot the Kidneys, Bladder and
Proatate.
Special Diseases— Newly contracted
and chronic cases cured. All Burnin*. Jtehis*
and Inflammation stopped in twenty-four hourt;
curej a!T«ad in seven days.
We maaa no charges tor a friendly talk or
correspondence. Come to us In th« itrlctest
confidence. W« have been exclusively treating
special diseases of men for years. Nothing eo4-
ence can devise or money can buy is lacking ia
our office equipment. W# will use you boneat.
ly. treat you skillfully and restore you to health
in the shortest time with tha least discomfort
and expense.
If you cannot call, vrrlte lor symptom
blank*. \u25a0
DR. HOLSIYIAN & CO.
Hours: 8 to 6, T to 9:30 p. m. daily; Sunday.
.- * 9 to 12.
720 MARKET ST- (Top Floor ». S. F.
When ordering, please refer to advertisement
in The Call. '
ivißiT DR. JORDAN'S griatJ
OF ANATOMY^
0 CS "«*ISIETST.W.«ti4n!i.IF.C4L A
\ " MT Th« L«.-?«»t An»t»ajtc»! Mostnra Is tti* \
A -Tffh Woria. WittlMMt 3T >ay aMOnetad A
f E&T&ib <ti»H p««HlwtT cmt-a »» »i« *idMi 7
4 i§g J DSL JCHDAN-DI3EA3ES Qf MIX A
A J jfiOi ff Tr«»ta«nt p*r«on»ily or by l«wt. A A
&r il lift Wrlufcrßonk, PHIX.O»«PV|V »t A
f" a J maiibuge, rj.vii.iu> mzsz. v r
A Ji Ji T «-''«S'» book fer sea.) \
VnWU JOBDi> A CO, 1051 Markot S t . S. V. W
PILES! PILES!
MAC'S INFALLIBLE PILE*CURE
CURES AXXi CASES OB" BUXDI.
BLEEDING. ITCHING AND PROTRUD-
ING PILES: cases ot many years* stand-
ins cured by -a single liox: price.,. Si)
cents. A. McBOTLE & CXI. DRUGGISTS.
604 "Washinston St.. San Frajjciscsv— - — » -
— -I , . .| . .... \u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0,\u25a0
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEABXY ST. Established
In lU4 forth* treatment at Private
OLieases. Loxt Manhood. Debility or
<li*ease wearin«on b«dy and mind and
Sktn Diseases. The Doctor enres when
others fall. Try him. rharcrs l» w .
Car«i<;nBri>ulrfd. Callorwri s.
Dr. J. V' OXDBOSf . San Frarclsco. Cal.
J»«w • Steamers leave) Flera 9
yCvti^-^SoV and 11. San Francisco:
fj£~ For Ketchikan, Wran*eT.
farrMAtm* \*\ Jui»au. Treadwell. Hain<*.
If Vfc>rsL. I 1 SHagway. etc.. Alaska— ll
I I \%SA/ I a. m., Oct. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22.
Wv Vk Yctl 37. Xov - *• Chanj* to this
vJsJL company's steamers at 8«-
at tie.
Tor Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes. . South B«nin*ham. BellUwnam— U a.
m Oct. 2/ 7. 12, 17. 22. 27. Nov. L Chanjre at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. By., at Seattle- or Tacotoa to N. I».
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P. Bar. ,
For Eureka <Humboldt BayV- Pomona. I^o
r " m. Oct. 2. 8. 14. 20. 28. Nov. 1. Corona.
S3O . m^6ct7s. «. 17. 23. 28. Nor 4. \u25a0
For Los Anseles (via. Port Los An»eles and
Bedondo). San Dlexo and Santa. Barbara—
Santa, Bosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Btate of California. Thursdays. 9 s, ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cms. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayocoa. Port Harford (Saa
Luis ObisBO). Ventura and Hoeneme—
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Oct. 5. 13. 21. 2». N'ovv 4.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Oct. 1. 9, 17. 23. Nov. 2.
For Ensenada. Mardalena- Bay. San Joa« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Kosa-
lia. Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7ta of aaci
"ALASKA EXCrCRSIOKS. S«»*a m-tt*
palatial Alaska exenrsloa steamship BPOKAJ»p
will leave Tacoma. Seattla and Victoria, Jun« 7.
21. July 8. 19. Aurast 2-** .^ „. V.'
For further Information obtain folder. Klrat
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing date*.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgomery st-
(Palaco Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broadway
wharves. Fretaht Offlca— lo Market St.
C. D. DUNANM. General Passenjer Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL S. S. Co.>
Steamers will leave. wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets. It. m.. for Tokohama and
Hongkong. calllns at _ Honolulu. Kobe.
mio*o> Naiasaki. and Shanghai, and eon-,
n" tIS a^"onVkcng with steamers tor In-,
dla. etc. . No cargo received on. board on day
V S*"" n AMERICA MARL- FRIDAY. Oct. 27.
Bound- trip tickets at reduced . rates. . ; .
For freUht and passage apply at company's
etace seventh floor. Merenants' Exchange.
*'* H - AVERT. General Agent. \u25a0
AaA4BII)CC ftk *»"*'». « Ar! ». «n
01I!a yjyj fc TAJ(|Ii
s «; SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney, Thursday.- Oct. 12. 2 p. m. .
S 8 MABIPOSA. for TahlU. Oct. 17. 11 a. m.
g* s" ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Oct. 21. 11 a.m
jisPBCnLStBRiB.Ca,AIU TiciJt GiilCS 643 Mir-
Itt rwltlt dc 3 327 aariJt Si, Pier 7, pastas \i .
Compaicnle. Generate Transatlantlqne.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Parisv -^gmm -
- Sailing every Thursday instead ot S5JV\g
Saturday. 10 a. ra.. from Pier 42. "" "'"
North -Biver. foot of Morton st.
Flrst-dasa to Havre. |7O and upward. Sec-
end class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA.-^ 32 Broadway (Hudson bulMin*).
New York. •J. F. FUGAZI ft CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery artnue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. \u25a0
BaV AXP \I*VTERITH.BAy ROUTKS. . \u25a0
mareislahdnMw
VALLEJO and NAPA '-
IN apa Vo 1 1 e»y te» \u25a0 \u0084
* Mor.ticello S. 9. Co. snd Napa Elta-
trlc R. R.-CO. Close connections.-^ \u25a0
« ROU>T> THIP» DAILT — •
Boats leave San Francisco 7:00. •»:«». ra.._
12:30. n00n. 3:15. «:0O.O>U» p. m. _
• San. 7 Francisco -.landing and \u25a0•>««. «•? 2.
toot or Mission 'SW one block south Market-st.
F«rry."M«aJ» a la carte. Phone Main 130«w
r -Lands Navy -Tard direct. . * :
Weekly CalLjSl Per YmlpTRAINS CRUSH
IN DEPOT YARD
Pullman Sleepers Thrown
Into Gully at St. Paul
and One Passenger Dies
SEVERAL BADLY HURT
Nine of the Injured Are Re
moved to Hospitals While
a Score Are Sent Home
BTJ PAUL, Oct. I.— A Chicago and Great
Western stock train, running twenty
miles an hour, while going through the
St. Paul Railroad yards at 9:30 o'clock
this morning, struck the middle of a
"Soo" line passenger train, which had
Just left Union station, and hurled two
Pullman sleepers over a wall to the bot
tcm of a gully twenty feet below. One
( Eieeper landed bottom side. up. and the
other fell on Its side. Both cars were
badly wrecked. The wreckage caught fire,
but was extinguished promptly. One
woman was so badly injured that 'she
died at St. Joseph's Hospital shortly
after being taken ther*. and nine others
%vere seriously injured, while a score or
more were less seriously hurt.
The Soo train had arrived from Mont
real thirty minutes late, and was bound
for Minneapolis, running, so witnesses
say, about thirty miles an hour. As it
neared Fourth street the track on which
it was running leads to an inside double
ttaek. Here the engineer of the Soo
.ir&in sighted the Great Western cattle
train going to St. Paul stock yards and
heading for a split switch which con
nects the outside and inside tracks.
The engineer of the Great Western
train whistled for brakes, showing that
his air brakes were not working, and as
a warning to the Soo train, but it was
evidently not heard, as the Soo train
tailed to slacken. The engine and first
sleeper of the Soo train got safely across
the switch, but the second and third
sleepers were hit. The end of the fourth
sleeper was partially wrecked.
That no more were killed or injured
is due to the fact that the train was
nearly empty, having discharged the
greater number of its passengers at the
Tnion station here.
The dead:
MRS. CLARA N. CROSS, Minneapolis,
died at St. Joseph's Hospital.
Injured :
- .T. P. Wilkinson, aged 45. Minneapolis, heafl
hvrA hip Injured, seriously hurt; T. S. Martin.
Stad badly bruised; Mrs. Henry D*utseh. 28
y-ars old. "Minnearjolis, back and head peri
oualr Injured: L.. S. Moms, aged 43. Montreal.
Quebec, head, back and neck seriously In
jured; Franklin Lyon. ajjed 51, Minneapolis,
back injured and bruised, \u25a0will recover; Mrs.
Thompson Hall, aged 32. Minneapolis, scalp
vouikJ; William A. Hall, aged 33, traveling
auditor, Soo Road. Minneapolis, collar-bone
fractured and scalp wound: James Blrdeaux.
?.crd 43, porter. St. Paul. head, back and legs
Iniur*»<l. w-rious; Hal] Wilkinson, aged 13. Min
neapolis, pcalp wounds; KranK Martin, Brook
lyn. N. V., slightly hurt; O'rus Berglund,
New York, slightly hurt; C. J. Keenan, New
York, slightly injured.
Twenty were treated at the Union de
s>ot by surgeons and nearly all of them
were able to go to hotels or continue
evgim: kills three me.v.
Jumps Track and Smanhrn Into Ca
toou With Fatal Rcanlt.
ifIRMJKGHAM. Ala.. Oct. * 1. — A
switch engin«- In the yards of the
Louisville and Nashville Railroad
jumped the track early to-day and
emafhed into a caboose on an adjoin
ing track. Two men were instantly
killed and a third was so badly in
jured that he died in the hospital a
few hours later. They were all well
known. The dead:
L. P. 8188.
JOSEPH AARON. Bessemer, Ala.
L. A. GLASS. Columbia. Ala.
The bodies were terribly mangled.
The engineer and fireman escaped by
Jumping.
rARXEGIE'S STEEL PLANT
WILL SOOX BE REOPENED
order* Are Issued to the Colnmbus,
Ohio, .Mill*, to End Tjvo Yearn*
Idleness.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. I.— Orders
have been received by local officials of
the Carnegie Steel Company to start
the mills of the company in this city,
which have been idle for almost two
years. The mills will be started prob
ably next Monday. About 500 men will
be given employment.
WITH BABY Uf HER ARMS
MOTHER WALKS IVTO POXD
LEICHTER, Mass., Oct. 1. — Mrs.
Mary O'Hara, 45 years of age. of Cherry
Valley, "walked into a pond in the rear
of her home early to-day with her
eleven months' old baby in her arms.
Both were drowned. No cause is as
cribed for the tragedy.
DR. PIEKCE'S KELMEDIES.
$1000 REWARD
If offered as a gnarantee that neither
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
Or. Pierces Oolden Medical Dtscoverr
contains alcohol, opium, or any harmful
drug. Any one publishing false state-
\u25basneata concerning their ingredients will
be prosecuted. Doctor Pierces Family
Remedies are compounds of medicinal
principles, sclentificairy extracted from
native roots that cure the diseases for
which they are recommended. They are
medicines which have enjoyed the public
confidence for over a third of a century.
They are medicines not beverages, made
to satisfy a craving for •booze."
•Golden Medical Discovery" regnlatcs
and invigorates stomach, liver and bowels,
and cures dyspepsia, purifies the blood
and tone 6 up the system generally.
"Favorite Prescription" cures female
weakness, irregularities, exhausting
drains, painful periods and kindred ail-
ments peculiar to women. Accept no
sobstitute for these medicines, each of
which has a record of marvelous cares.
Substitution means selfishness on the
part of the dealer who is 100 King for the
greater profit on an inferior article.
"Our daarhter who w&s attending coll ere
became very nervous and tre wsre advised
to try Dr. Plcrce's Favorite Prescription."
writes Mrs. M. C. fox. of 57 E. Leonard Bt.
Grand Rapid*, Mich. *We did so and then
you advised us to jret the 'Golden Medical
Discovery' also. sno took four bottles of
the * Prescription ' and three of the ' Qolden ;
I&edical Discovery, and you never baw such
» chance In a person. Sbe said the- did not j
feel like the seine person. Sho was about
seventeen rears 014 at the time. I will gladly
recommend Dr. Pierces medicines to every
one. I advise parents who „\u25a0 have young
daughters who suffer from nervous troubles
to try Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription at
once. lam sure it will kelp them."
CRfl nfin aiVEN AWAY, In copies of
9OU|UUU The People's Common Sense
Medical Adviser, a book that sold to the ex-
tent of 500.000 copies a few _,--*fcw_
reurs «*o. at &.M per copy. SSlS^^^^
year we save away
itiO.OOO vorthof the** taTalua- YiJS^ii
tie books. This year we shall I £22k
n^o away ©0.000 worth of ««V I * 3!lt ?t
them. Will you share In this t4t»i **2u
benefit? If so, send only 21 \Z^i taSf z
one-cent stamps to cover cost- vi [\
ot mailing only for book In s H
•tiff paper covers, or 31 stamps '^. I fSf
for clotli-bound. Add res* Dr. %J
B. V. Pierce, Buflalo. S. Y. ""^
PLATT IS NOT
HIGGINS' FRIEND
Aged* Senator Declares War
Against Governor, Causing
Sensation Among Leaders
REFUSED HIM A FAVOR
Politician Angry Because
Executive Vetoed Bill Giv
ing Liquor Permit to Hotel
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. L— Senator Platt de
clared war to-night on Governor Higglns.
saying he was uncompromisingly opposed
to his renomination. His attack caused a
sensation among the Republican leaders.
"I am against Higgins for another term
under any and all circumstances," he
said. "I wrote 35.000 letters for him to my
friends throughout the State when he
was a candidate for Governor, and I nev
er asked but one favor of him. That was
that he approve a bill which was passed
by the Legislature for this hotel. I asked
it thoughtfully and prayerfully. He ve
toed It."
Senator Platt alluded to a speoial act
which would have enabled the Gotham
Hotel to obtain a liquor tax certificate,
although it is within 200 feet of a church.
"What did you mean by saying in
Washington that it would be worth while
to live through the next State cam
paign?" the Senator was asked.
"You know what I meant as well as I
do," the Senator said.
"Why did the Republican organization
turn its back so suddenly on municipal
ownership?" was asked.
"I don't know," the Senator replied,
"unless It was one of Odell's vagaries."
Senator Platt would not discuss the in
surance investigation, saying that he had
not read the testimony.
"Did your State committee get any of
McCall's money?" was asked.
"Not that I know of," the Senator re
plied.
GRAND MASTER OF MEXICAN
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR TO PROTEST
Objects to the Establishment of For
eign Commandery In the .
Capital City.
MEXICO CITY. Oct. 1. — Grand Mas
ter Juan Pablo Sato of the Mexican
Knights Templar declares that he shall
protest to the proper authorities
against the establishment of a com
mandery of foreign Knights Tmeplar
in this city. He declares also that it
is absurd for the commandery to say
that it will not recognize the rights of
the Mexican Knights, of whom there
are now 10,000, with comanderies scat
tered all over the republic.
CALIFORXIAX KILLS
HIMSELF ON TRAIN
Michael Shields Cuts His
Throat With Razor Near.
Fort Worth.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Oct. I.— Michael
Shields, a well-dressed man, probably 60
years of age, weighing 140 pounds, with
red hair and mustache and blue ' eyes,
killed himself in a toilet-room of an in
coming Texas and Pacific train from Dal
las this morning by cutting his throat
with a razor. He was identified by pa
pers on his person and a letter addressed
to lit};, which was mutilated and could
not be deciphered. He had the card of J.
S. Shields, Treasurer of Kern .County,
California, whose home is at Bakersfield.
The deceased started to get on the train
at Dallas and held on to the steps as it
was moving. A brakeman asked him his
point of destination, and he said El Paso,
whereupon he was told to get Inside the
car or he might be thrown under ' the
train and run over. "Well, I have but one
life to live," he said as he threw himself
into a seat. He went into the toilet-room
and his body was found by car men here.
CASSIE CHAD WICK
IS AGING EAPIDLY
Queen of "High Finance" Is
Victim of Incipient
Consumption.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Oct I.— Mrs.
Cassie Chadwick, queen of "high
finance." has contracted incipient 'con
sumption as a result of her long con
finement In the County Jail here, and
has aged much in the last few months.
Lines on her face have grown deeper,
her hair Is grayer and her eyes have
lost their luster. Only her nerve re
mains strons.
Arguments for a new trial will be
made In Cincinnati to-morrow before
the United States District Court \ of
Appeals. Mrs. Chadwick's attorneys
allege numerous errors in the trial're
sulting in her conviction.
ITALIANS BIOT AND
ATTACK POLICEMEN
Three 3len Are Shot and One
Peace Guardian Is
Stabbed.
NEW YORK, Oct. I.— Three Italians
were shot and seriously wounded In a
fight in a tenement-house in Oliver street
to-night, the culmination of, a merry par
ty that had been going on since early in
the evening. Immediately following the
Bhooting there was a brisk battle' l^
tween policemen and a number of Ital
ians who had participated in the affray,
and Policeman John Reilly was . twice
Btabbed In the shoulder, while two detec
tives were knocked down and beaten.
DISCOVER TOLTEC PYRAMID
THAT ANTEDATES THE AZTECS
Carved Figures Reprcsentlnsr Chinese
Warriors, With Marked Mongolian '
Featnren, Puzzle Antiquarians.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. I.— Explorations
made at an old Toltec pyramid on ; the
Magueyltos hacienda in the. State of
Puebla have disclosed the fact that the
structure was ; built" of clay bricks,
which proves It to be far older than
the Aztec monarchy and possibly older
even than the Toltec occupation of the
country. Several elaborately carved
figures were found, representing men in
Chinese dress, and with marked Chi
nese features.- ; The;, figures probably
represented warriors. Antiquarians are
much puzzled, over* the , matter,- for the
evidence points' to Cihense settlements
In Mexico In the past: ages.
Chuncrw In Runslnn Erabamiy.
WASHINGTON, ; Oct I.— Mr. de ; Thai,
the ; second secretary of the : " ; Russian
Embassy, t has been temporarily'trans
ferred to - Mexico , as "\u25a0'. Charge d'Aff aires
of the Russian 1 legation- there. 'Prince
Kudaeheff.v who ; , was . with Baron : Ro
sen at Toklo/has been attached / to the
Washington embassy.
THE SAN -FRANGISCO" CALL, -MONDAY^OGTOBER;^;- 1905.
MACY AND HALL
ARE FAVOTITES
/•Sauce for the Gander" Gives
Them Opportunity to Dis
play Talents to Audience
FRANZ EBERT AS CUPID
Veteran Lilliputian Is as
Funny as in Years Past
in His Imitation "Jag"
"Sauce for the gander" plquantly
served in "A Timely Awakening" gives
Carleton Macy and Maud Edna Hall the
opportunity of this week's Orpheum bill.
It is the old story of a recalcitrant hus
band and a rebellious wife, only the hus
band merely dreams the lady of the cig
arette and cocktails that takes the place
of his patient Griselda. The effect is just
as potent, however, and the curtain goes
down upon the prodigal spouse thrusting
$200 upon the wife, "doubling up", on
the "other man" of his dream.' It is very
well put together by Clay Clement, the
author, and capitally acted by ; Carleton
Macy and Maude Hall, the latter a one
time favorite of Morosco's.
A quaint -skit is "Dan* Cupid," with
Franz Ebert as Cupid. It is not par
ticularly .clever, but Ebert is irresistibly
comical as the Lilliputian messenger boy,
later Cupid. He is about as large as a
postage | stamp, but there is nothing; Li
lliputian about Ebert's , fun. You would
go far to find anything funnier than his
miniature "Jag," and tho oouquet that
almost knocked him down— flung by some
Brobdignagian fist in the gallery— fitly
expressed the sentiments of the meeting.
Elsie Ebert assists, and Eva Grau, neither
of whom have much to do, nor do It
very well.
Hal Merrltt. who cartoons while you
wait, and whistles when he is not mono
logins, singing or imitating a grapho
phone, is entertaining whatever he does.
New also are Dixon and Holmes, de
scriptive vocalists in "an, act of har
mony, pathos !! ana impersonation." It's
Just that.. '. -\u25a0 \u25a0 ". • ;. ~ . '
Continue the "Spook ' Minstrels"— that
the fat prima donria should imitate— they
sing behind becoming biographic pre
sentments of themselves; the wonderful
monkey acrobat, Pietro; Genaro and
Bailey and Harry Corson Clarke and
his company in a new skit, "Tomkins."
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Grand Opera-Houae.
"Arizona" attracted the largest au
dience of the year to the Grand Opera- i
house last night. . The city's largest
theater was crowded to the utmost
limit and any number of people were
turned away. Those who' were for
tunate enough to secure seats wit
nessed a splendid performance of an
unusually fine play.
Aside from a few youngsters in
gallery, who could not refrain from
showing their disapproval of the vil
lain's machinations, the audience was
highly enthusiastic. The curtain rose
and rose again amid wild applause at
the conclusion. of the second and third
acts.
Clement Klrby makes : a remarkable
good Canby. . Clarence .Heritage was |
typically the military, martinet and
gentleman. \u25a0 Edward Farrell ; was a trifle
stagy as Denton," but" was exceedingly
popular with the audience at any rate."
Frances Desmonde, in the part of the
colonel's wife, was also well received.
Little Avis Lubdell played the part of
Bonita perfectly. Her eyes and her
smile should win her success on the
stage If; she could not act," which she
can do, and very well at that. Edward
Patterson could not have been more of
a.villian under, any circumstances. The
others of the cast kept pace with the
leaders. '
From present indications "Arizona"
will beat the .big stone building on the
corner of Fifth and Mission streets for
making money during the next week.
JOSEPH E.PETEKS
WEDS MISS FILUIORE
Nuptials Startle as
Later Date Was '
Fixed.
Miss Jessie Fillmore. and Joseph E. Pe
ters are wedded— and have been .wedded
since Saturday night, when they quietly
slipped off to the residence • of : Archblshop
Montgomery, whq read the service in
the presence of the required. witnesses.
Such a jar has not been given to the
smart set for. many a day, -as the wed
ding had been set for the 26th, and many
plans for | its celebration had been laid ;
but, alas! for well-laid plans of mice and
men! \
Miss Fillmore Is one of the handsomest
girls in the smart set, and with her beau
ty Is brains— rather a rare duality. She
came out about three years -ago, and
numbered among her set the most inter
esting men and girls .in -the leading dan
cing clubs,' although - she herself was not
a devotee of the dance. s£r * .
Mr. Peters, the lucky 'chap';, who won
her, is" the superintendent of a large
buhach ranch near Merced, the property
of the Peters family of Stockton.
The young people registered at the Pal
ace Saturday night, and were still there
last night, but plans had been , laid for a
nuptial trip south.
Many of the closest friendsof the bride
were" communicated with.; In; regard to
the wedding, \ but " not ' one had ;; been . ap
prised of the change in plans and date.
VIGOROUS CAMPAIGN
FOR | FUSION TICKET
Prompt Measures "Will Be Taken -to
\u25a0 Organize the Forces of Good •
.:•\u25a0\u25a0 *•>>" \u25a0 " " ' Cltlienahlp.
Joint action for conducting the cam
paign for John S. Partridge and the en-,
tire" fusion ticket • wll be taken ,by the
Republican/ and : Democratic county
committees," the*: organization commit
tee of p the . San . Francisco 'X Republican
League and i-the; auxiliary- campaign
committee.- It Is probable that general
headquarters^ will ; soon be established
In some convenient. place. Special vat^
tentlon ,; will be devoted g to7 fraudulent
registration. , ; Lawful i measures will' be
taken i to i compel < the 'El ectloh ; Commis
sloners to cancel- all illegal registra
tions: - ' •" ; \u25a0•'\u25a0\u25a0'.•\u25a0\u25a0 "r,'- ' - \u25a0;\u25a0/ \u25a0'•
A t communlcation.v : slgned^VMyrtill
Cerf,> acting ." chairman | Republican g Co.
Com;"of C. and^ C.- of »S.=, F.,'V informs
The \u25a0: pall^ that '{there wllPbe a meeting
of Independent; Republicans *aj the Al
hambra Theater :to : night...-
SEND FOR .'.THEM.
Bring tlie 5 llome Folks West While
Hntfi Are Low."?;
You've been'tSinklne about;lt-a,longr.tima.
Don' t wait * any : longer.\ Rates -, are \ low ;; now
from' the sEast '.to ; California. \The > Santa i Ft
. wtll : telesTaph ! the *, licket : and i see '* that r, your
folka get special attention., 1 The conductor will
look after them all' the : way; to California. ;
*50 from NewiTork. \u25a0 . ,'- " l > -. ; -
$33 from Chicago. \u0084_ - , ' '\u0084
: %•£> from Kansas City. '\u25a0-<. ',,>\u25a0- *,/.-\^, \u25a0•„
Low rates also from other places. y.Write for
them to P. 1 W,; Prince, I *. City Ticket 'Afent, 11 * San
ta Fe Railway, 653 ' Marke t' •treat,; San Fran-
TELLS TRUTH
ABOUT THE
BOWEN ROW
President Makes Public Late
John Hay's Stand in Matter
Involving First Assistant
Secretary of State Loomis
STRONG LANGUAGE
USED BY STATESMAN
Former Venezuelan Minister
the Executive Declares Was
Denounced in Unmeasured
Terms by the Diplomat
WASHINGTON, Oct. L— ln correspond
ence between President Roosevelt and As
sistant Secretary of State- Loomis, made
public here to-night, the President says
that v Secretary Hay disagreed j with him
on even "mild censure" of Mr. Loomis in
the Taf t report on the . investigation of
to* charges brought by. Mr. Bowen, for
merly Minister to Venezuela; and aCds
that Secretary Hay very strongly coji
demned Mr. Bowen's course. The Presi
dent, Quotes Mr) Hay as; declaring that
most of the charges were really against
himself (Mr.* Hay), "and not against Mr.
Loomis at all," and that . Mr. v Bowen
knew that. The statement made public
is a« follows:
In ord«r to make known the real far.Ui con
cerning a widely current misapprehension rep
resenting certain views of the late Secretary
of State, Mr. Hay, the following , correspond
ence waa Kiven out to-day : -
DEPARTMENT OF STATE.
Washlnzton, D. C. Sept. 25, 1905.
Dear Mr- President: For some time past
there have appeared in various newspapers;,
including some of the journals published .in
New York, statements more or less direct to
the effect that grave differences of opinion ex
isted between yourself and tho late Secretary
of State, Mr. Hay, concerning both myself
and the. action to be taken by you on the
findings and resort of Secretary Tart: In the
matter of the charges made against me by
Mr. Bowen. a former United Btatea Minister
to Venezuela. I will cite a case in point: i ••\u25a0:•,
Not'long ago a responsible New York paper,
to which, I am reliably informed on ; the beet
authority, Mr. Bowen has been- freely offering
material for use, printed the following para
graphs! - " \u25a0
"Practically the la*t official act of Mr. Hay's
life was to visit the White House for the pur
pose of urging the President not to ] dismiss
Bowen and to dismiss Loomio, but learning
the President's mind was made up, he went
away with his message unspoken. Mr. Hay
thoroughly disliked and distrusted him
iLoomhs) and told the President so, but wae
unable to produce any effect on the Presi
dent* mind."
HOSTILE SUGGESTIONS.
Similar suggestions, more or less hostile in
form, have so frequently appeared In the pub
lic prints that I am constrained . to inquire
whether, in so far as you are aware, they
are supported by any basis of. truth. -
I do not know what private : conversation
may have taken place between yourself and
Mr. Hay concerning me and my. course- of con
duct while. connected with the public service,
but I do know from Mr. Hay's own lips some
thing of his opinion concerning Mr. Bowen,
and I know fully weir both t*>n unfailing cour
tesy with whlch'Mr. Hay received ray many
.suggestions concerning . departmental i matters
and the personal cordiality which he always
manifested toward me. . , \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.•'. '
. In, December last I went to Mr. Hay's house
and told him that '• I expected -to realm from
the department within the v course. of the next
elKht or nine- months.: He. was good enough
to gay: "I am very sorry to hear this. I have
always hoped you would . remain in your rpres-,
ent position as long as I remained In the Cab
inet." On another occasion both before and
since that time, Mr. Hay accorded me seem
ingly convincing proof .of his confidence. '
It may Interest you to know that at Mr.
Hay'« request I was with him at * his home
in- what proved practically the last hour of his
life in Washington. .Having upon that occa
sion indicated to me fully and lucidly, as. was
his wont, what he , wished my two colleagues
and myself to do in the lines of departmental
action and the policy to be carried out during
his. absence, he referred to the. recent Bowen
episode with much feeling. Among other
things he said he was disgusted with Bowen
beyond expression; that vanity, appeared to
be a disease with him, and that he was both
disloyal and untruthful, and had been treach
erous not only to him (Mr. Hay), but to the
country.' . . \u25a0 : _.;-..*.;\u25a0;
• In view of this conversation, to whfch I
have adverted in the I briefest possible man
ner, it- is difficult to believe that there is any
truth in either 'of the • foregoing I paragraphs
which I have quoted, or any i others . which
have been printed of similar import. ••"•'\u25a0.
As I am very soon to retire from the vub
llc service" I "'trust, you \u25a0.\u25a0will not feel that \u25a0 I am
not unduly or j improperly trespassing on your
tim« . with " this ' rather personal matter. Re
epectfully.and : sincerely yours, . •\u25a0 • -\u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
\ .;• \u25a0; - . -•; "FRANCIS B. LOOMIS. .
' PRESIDENT'S 'REPLY.
The following letter was sent by the
President in reply to ; Mr. Loomis* note:
-. THE WHITE HOUSE,
Oyster Bay, Sept. 27, 1905.
My • Dear Loomis : "In • answer \u25a0to \u25a0 your let
ter of Sept. 25, • I desire to state, In the
broadest and most emphatic manner, that
the statement you quote as appearing in cer
tain newspapers and; especially, in "certain New
York newspapers as -to the supposed differ
ences . of opinion between myself and the : late
Secretary of - State. Mr. Hay. in. respect to
the action taken by. me regarding. Mr. Bowen
In connection with \u25a0 the ' charges against you : is
not merely without . foundation In fact, but
is tho direct reverse . of the : truth. . ; . \u25a0
. You were appointed Assistant Secretary lot
State on Mr. Hay's :\u25a0 suggestion and request.;
He never sDoke to me , about , you save with
respect and cordial'" appreciation of the; ser
vices \u25a0 you I were rendering : and : he expressed to
me ' very great regret that you were going to
leave the service and .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 stated that \u25a0h« had
hoped that you would stay as long as he did
and that h« would find- it difficult to get any
one in your place .whom ,. he would like so
much.,"-,-- •'\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0' ; . -" •\u25a0- '\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0'- : -\u25a0•'-• ; Xfsf,
- Mr. Hay 'expressed- himself \u25a0 very freely " on
the . occasion of I his i last •- visit .. to Washington,
including the last occasion ; I "ever saw him,
as regards the action" taken .« by me on the
report of Mr. ! Taft : - concerning 8 the charges
made : by \u25a0 Mr. Bowen ! against you. •
Not only did he express"; himself ; about Mr.;
Bowen to me in. the language you quote; him
as • having said "at about the . same . tlnve In
speaking of \u25a0 Mr.'- Bowen,''. but he also condemned
Mr. Bowen in much stronger terms than those
which • you '\u25a0 quote \ him ;as ;\u25a0 having \u25a0.-. used, and
dwelt/particularly on fact ; of what he
called tha treachery-: and "disloyalty of Mr.
Bowen to the Government- and. to •. him f( Mr.
Hay)/ repeating again and . again that . most , of
the charges Mr. Bowen : made were , really not
charges against j you at all, • but against \u25a0 him
self, (Mr. Hay), and • that Bowen,, of courst,^
knew this. \u25a0* •-\u25a0-;-..•,- -.-.\u25a0• \u25a0--\u25a0..:, , :t \u25a0;.
Moreover, : Mr. V Hay j used-f about Mr. Bowen
stronger ; : language .of .-.* than I
have ever heard nim. use about any other. man^
who ' had served under him. v But 'this was not
all. ;• Mr. Hay . then ,. did what ho - very rarely
did' - He 'expressed his * strong .'dissent from .
the' action I had taken in Indorsing Mr.Taft's
report ' as regards even »'.the censure "of r you :
which ; it '- contained, ? stating , that \u25a0 he disagreed
with ' Mr. ' Taft and ! myself : on this ' point - and !
felt - that > you % were : lrt •no way • whatever '\u25a0 cen
surable » and i- that the p. only . action >. thatl; had,
b*en .called : for "=; was 4 . the ? dismissal 'of ' Mr."
Bowen , and the \u25a0 announcement of your ; entire ,
vindication. .Very truly syours;':
. ' > THEODORE ROOSBVELT.:>
Midwife ' Is : . Arrested.
Mrs. -Angela'.VeneJlo.lwife of a flsh
ermanv. residing, atJ.l4l2 ; ;PowellC street,
died yesterday ln.a.V private hospital
conducted Simon," a^
170 D J PoweH street,- '\u25a0'. under circumstances
which i would* indicate;,: that^'a* criminal
operation had> been r ' performed.* c-^De-'
tective f Braig, ; . who '.^ assisted fl Coroner
Leland^lnVtheiilnvestlgatlon.^arrested
Mrs.*SlmonTand;plafced?her/nameon*the
detinue \ book . at _the . Clty^Prlsqni'- pehd-;
ing v the' result J of /the^. /autopsy ;; \u25a0. sur-'
geoh's '-. report? v ?Mrs.* ] Simon •shaßibeenfiri
trouble^^bef ore ;;and ?rhas ibeen .^arrested. 1 :
Sho^claims' i:^ to . be", a^midwife. '\u25a0::\u25a0_{ Should
ihe^suspiciohs ,^of ; the j police 'ibei'con^
firmed she'will;be^charifed*.with."*mur
''dcr.^^^^sflßßßS&BSSni ":"•."-
DEMONSTRATION
IS FORBIDDEN
Prefect Issues Order Prohib
iting : Parade ; of Social
ists in City of Budapest
'POSTPONE CELEBRATION
Coalition Parties Intend to
Make r Anniversary of Exe
cution of Patriot a Big Day
BUDAPEST, Oot. I.— The prefect, has
Issued an -order prohibiting the torch
light procession. .which the coalition
parties and the Socialists respectively
announced yesterday would take' place
on -October. 3. ''\u25a0'''-}' .'\u25a0• '\u25a0.: i "-.'".' '~~.' '\u25a0'.
.Both parties have postponed ~ their
proposed demonstrations to . October - 10,'
the , anniversary of the ' execution' ot
Count Louis Batthyanyi,. who was Pre
mier- of Hungary in 1848 and who was
arrested and executed by the Austrlans
the following, year. The coalition
parties intend to make,the demonstra-"
tion at the grave of Batthyanyi.
; There .has been no change in the po
litical crisis. \u25a0
RIOTING EV AUSTRIA.
German* and Czechs Clash In Streets
of Bruenn.
BRUENN, Austria, Oct.: I.— A colli
sion^ took place here to-day between
rival meetings of Germans and Czechs;
resulting: 'from the agitation ,by 'the
former against the proposed establish
ment of a Czech university here. Troops
were compelled to Intervene, but before
order was restored 160 persons were
injured, some seriously, several police
stations .were, partly .wrecked and hun
dreds of windows were broken. ;* 1A
VESSELS OF NORTH "ATLANTIC
FLEET ARRIVE ;AT NEW YORK
Immense and Powerful Squadron la
Formliig . to Welcome Prince
: ; "\u25a0 Louis "of Battenberg;.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 — Rear Admiral
RobleyD.: Evans, with part* of the
North Atlantic fleet,' returned to the
port of New : York 'to-day, the vessels
anchoring: in ; the ' North River. The
Kearsarge: has gone to the League
Island navy, yard arid the Kentucky to
Portsmouth for ; a three days- survey.-
?:* The vessels will: remain here about
ten days. They will prepare for the
formation of a.fleet of about eight bat
tleships, four armored cruisers and the
new : protected ; cruiser Charleston,
which will 'welcome Prince Louis . of
Battenberg, who is to arrive here .be
tween November 2 and 7. ' ; .
SAN FRANCISCO. MAID WILL
"WED, YOUNG BOSTON BANKER
Announcement la Made of the Engage
ment of Ellen Pauline Vlnlng
'..-":'."\u25a0. to Walter Lanton.
BROOKLINE, . Mass., Oct: I.—An
nouncement is made of the engagement
of Miss Ellen Pauline Vining to Walter
Lawton of .Wellington. ;
.Miss ".Vih'lng,.- whose home was for
merly in Brookline, has : been living in
San Francisco \ f pr a ; number. ' of years
past, but is now visiting her Eastern
relatives. &Ir. Lawton is '..C connected
with the banking house of Kidder, Pea-"
body &. Co. ; '\u25a0..-'. 1
Reduced from $ 20 to
ttThis is a special price—we took several lines
of fall woolens which we were making into suits
at [Szby and reduced the price to $ 1 6.50. (
ttWe make up these Suits in the same manner
as when we asked $ao. You get the same
material, same trimmings and same workmanship.
CThe patterns are new fall designs in a variety
of grays and browns— -some stripes, some
checks, others plaids. .Of course if you don't
want a pattern you can have the suit made of
• hv l jar*t worsted or \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 hlu'e^'sero^e-
in to-day and be measured with this
understanding between us : If the suit is not
satisfactory you don't have to take it— -your
deposit will be refunded.
. C_ -These suits can be ordered by out-of-town customers — write for set f-tneantrinr
blank and samples. [ Write to-day, as the suit must be ordered this week.
\u25a0; - 'iSljjigyfflS' Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Qothing . ffifj *|M)jl^_
jgESSgarf i^ftrge stores
P^Ssr^ "; 74f>, Market ;Strcct^andGor. Powell, and Ellis
MAKE ATTEMPT
TO KILL PALMA
AVedges Driven Into Bridge
Over Which Gnban Presi
dent Passes to Havana
CAE HITS OBSTRUCTION
Fact That Train Was Run
ning, at Slow Rate of Speed
Prevents a Fatal Disaster
Special Dispatch to Tb« C«JL
HAVANA, Oct. I.— An attempt to assas
sinate President Palma by drowning has
been made. Details of the plot came out
only .to-day, however, and then by acci
dent. 7 - The correspondent of The Call
made Inquiries as to" why Palma was not
using . his special car to travel to and
from Havana, as has been his custom,
and was informed that recently wedges
had been found driven into a bridge over
which he passed, the wedges being so ar
ranged that had the car struck them at
anything near its usual speed it would
would have been thrown Into the water
with 'him- Fortunately, however, the
car was running slowly and passed over
the obstructions in safety.
The ; danger was not recognized until
afterward. • Since that time President
Palma has been driving the seven miles
to .his home, always accompanied by se
cret service police.
Many Liberals were seen in their club
to-night, and all declare positively false
the report that Jose Miguel Gomez pro
poses to visit President Roosevelt. Local
Libra! papers- say General Gomez is
going to the United States simply to rest.
One prominent " Liberal leader said ! to
night there was grave reasons to believe
that a coup d'etat was planned, which
was : proposed to be carried out when
Gomez is In the United States.
COTTOX MILL OWXEK SHOT
ON CAR BY TWO "WORKMEN
One Man I» Arrested, but Other E»
' . .'Cnpes-by Flrlatr on I'ur
_v^\. t ..:•.. --.'i . \u25a0. tners. •\u25a0 -\u25a0 _ jj
LODZ.. Oct. I.— Julius " "Kunltzer, a
member of the firm :of Heintzel ' &
Kunitzer, large cotton mill owners, was
shot and killed to-day by' two , work
men while riding on a street car. One
of the men was arrested.' but the other
escaped by firing on his pursuers.
SWEDISH SHIPS CRASH
TOGETHER OFF FIX LAND
Xjord Sinks '\u25a0. the • Robert and Twenty
Persons Go Dorm With the
Hor.t. ' ; . *
HELSINGFORS. Finland: j Oct. I.—
The. Swedish steamers Njord and the
Robert collided Saturday evening near
Hveen. Island in the sound. The Rob
ert sank. Twenty persons were
drowned. -"\u25a0l;r--".
Salt Lake Merchant Dead.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Oct 1. — Henry
Dinwoodey, a wealthy furniture dealer,
who came. to Utah In. 1855. died here
this morning. He was 80 years old.
Mr. Dinwoodey entered polygamy in
the early days and -served a term In
prison during : the anti-polygamy cru
sade that followed the passage., of the
Edmunds-Tucker Haw. Two wives
survive him. 'He leaves an estate val
ued at $500,000.
740 Market; Street jandGor. Powell, and 'Ellis
BOY OF FIFTEEN
IS MURDERED
Kills a Civil War Veteran
in Hillsboro. Oregon, in
Order to Get His iToney
HE ADMITS THE CRIME
Sets Upon Aged Man With
a Knife When He Hears
Coin Jingling in Pockets
PORTLAND. Oct. I.— A special to the
Oregonian from Hillsboro. Or., states
that William H. Booth, a veteran of the
Civil War, was murdered last night for
the purpose of robbery. Booth was on hla
way home when the crime was commit
ted. He was found shortly afterward witfc
the base of hla 3kull. crushed and tw»
knife wounds in his neck.
Sheriff Connell and a deputy later ar
rested Sydney Brtigger. Brugger is a boy
15 years of age and was captured at th«
home of his grandmother, a~few miles
from Hillsboro. The boy In a conversa
tion stated that he heard money jingllnx
in both of Booth's pockets and set upon
him for the purpose of robbery. Brugger
is said to be a degenerate, but has never
before developed any harmful tendencies.
IRISH LADIES' CHOIE
COMING TO AMERICA
Artists AVill Tour United
States From New York
to San Francisco.
BOSTON. Oct. I.— Announcement Is
made that the famous Irish Ladles' Choir
is coming to America this month, and
will make a tour of the "country. They
will sail for the United States in a few
days and witt give their first concerts In
New York. They will also appear In Bos
ton, and then will make a tour of the
principal cities as far as the Paciflo
Coast, giving concerts In San Francisco
and Los Angeles.
POLISH "WORKMAN FATALLY
SHOT BY COMPATRIOT
Police Looking; for Man Who la Be
lieved to Be the Agent of
Secret Society.
BUFFALO. N. V.. Oct. I.— Louis Kubyn
ski, a Pole, was shot and mortally wound
ed to-day. The police are looking for an
other Pole., known ta hlssfellow work
men as Peter Kelly. The affair is sur
rounded with much mystery. The facts
thus far brought to light indicate that
it was the work of some secret society.
Czolgosz, the assassin of President
McKlnley, lived for a time in the Polish
settlement where to-day's shooting oc
curred.
CABLESHIP COLOMA RAPIDLY
>EAUI.\(; THE IRISH COAST
Already Over Fifteen Hundred Mllea of
Cable Between \ovn Scotia and
Emerald Inle Is Laid.
CANSO. Nova Scotia. Oct. I.— Th«
steamship Colonia, which is laying th«
Commercial Company's new cable from
Canso'to Ireland, reported to-day from
latitude 53 17, longitude 27 3. that. she
had paid out 158S nautical miles. " At
the time the message was sent tho sky
was overcast and the weather calm.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
THIEVING STUDENT SHOT
DOWN BY POLICEMAN.
SARGENT CAUGHT: IN OAKILAfKJ,©
Youth Who Escapes
at San Jpse Is V
in Custody.
Officer McGready ;
Lays Him Low as-
He Flees;
OAKLAND, Oct. I.— Witn nis brain bul
"" let-pierced from Policeman H. N. Me
t "ready's . Diftol. Arthur E. Sargent.
, twenty-four ytgarsj old, a former student
ct the University of Oregon and recently
applicant for admission to the University
Vf California and Stanford. University, lies
-on a cot at the Receiving Hospital, a re
captured fugitive. Sargent was shot at;
5.39 o'clock this morning by McCready at!
the residence. of H. Roff, 603 Twenty
fourth ftreet,'. whne the young man was
.cJUnbfng over a backyard fence, crying
tc escape from the patrolman, who had
halted him at Twenty-fourth street and
T^JeJraph avenue as a suspicious char
acter..'" :7t: 7 t: '.
At that time McCready did not- know,
that Sargent^.had escaped last night at
tian Jose from Constable J. S. Grider of
Palo Alto, who had taken the young man
in custody from San Francisco, where he
was • arrested Friday for the alleged theft
of a bicycle owneii- by C A. Montgomery,
a htudeut at Stanford University.
Sargent had filed the links of Grider's
handcuffs apart by using «. rasp, which
vas fourui. in his coat pocket after, he
was shot. \u25a0 The locked gyres remained on
his wrists. He had stolen another bicycle
end after freeing his shackled wrists by
separating the two ' manacles, ridden to
Oakland. « - - ?
Even after he was , shot Sartrent made
a desperate fight and gave three police
men a handful of battle before he was
eubdued. The shooting attracted Special
Policeman Noble a.i»d Patrolman Tillot
.son. ' While ft!cCr/?ady went to a signal
box to summon the police wa^on, Noble
ran into the backyard, where the -, shots;
v,ere fired, to tind the man.* He thought'
the fugitive might have been shamming
when he dropped In a heap to the ground.
Noble saw the form of the., man on the
ground and started toward him. Sar
gent gave fight and desperately ham
nered the odcer's head with,. the wrist
circled handcuffs.
'WOU.VDED SIAX SUBDUED!
McCready and Tillotson took a hand in
the encounter and subdued the desper
etely wounded man. . He was sent- to. the
Receiving Hospital/ the officers quickly
discovering that their prisoner was badly
Injured. •' . < -."\u25a0. "\u25a0 •- i .*
- This was not the "first encounter Sar
ger.t had wlth~ the Oakland police in;hls #
efforts , "to escai>e capture. An hour.tir
to earlltr, while riding a" b:cycle without
a light, he was overhauled in. East Oak
land by Policeman .Bryne. The; patroj-i
man stopped Sargent at Twelfth street,
rear Thirteenth avenue!" While" he "was*
talking with the man a Portuguese hailed
the -policeman to find V rooming-house:
As Bryne's attention was distracted Sar
gent hurled his bicycle at him and upset
the officer, who, before hr. recovered his"
equilibrium, saw his man disappear
through an alley on. a hard run, leaving
the wheel behind.
At that time Byrne did not see the
handcuffs on Sargent's wrists, his coat
"sleeves concealing them from view.
The meeting with Bryne occurred at
2:15 o'clock. The next and final chap
ter in the flight occurred at the Roff
residence. McCready accosted ' l Sargent
while the young man -jw*s walking
along Telegraph avenu^ but was evi
.dosuly trying to avoid .being observed.
The patrolman -watched the,suspicious
looking' pedestrian for a few minutes,
then stopped him. Sargent broke Into
a run through Twenty-fourth j street,
. .not heeding McCready's- . command,
. "Halt, or 111 shoot." Twice . djd the
'. patrolman repeat the order, .without
result /Then he drew, his pistol' and
Jr»d two'' shots In the air. McCready
wes running fast and was closetipon
the fleeing man when he fired at - the
fugitive, just as the "latter started o,ver,
a fence. .' : . . ..
ESCAPES FRO3I COXSTABLB.
i This bullet did not hit the runaway.
Ateecond shot brought' him down. Not
sure whether the man was shamming,
McCready went to him and saw he was
. wounded. As he ran to the patrol box
Noble came on tne scene, followed by
Tillotson.
Not a word concerning: himself -did
Sargent utter. Dr. R/ -S. - Btratton
itrephined the skull, removing a piece
of bone, which was three inches long:
end an inch and a half wide. The
bullet entered at the back of the left
cide of the head and plowed through
the brain, making exit above the left
«ax. There Is a chance that Sargent
will live, though his condition is very
* terlous. He. lost several iablespoonfuls
of brain matter. - - • " .
Sargent's identity was disclosed ~by
papers and .letters which Constable
Grider had found in his ( possession.
Some of these were letters of recom
mendation from the 'university, at Eu
gene, Or. For some reason, not-dis
covered. Sargent had failed to enter
either the University' of California or
Stanford University' He had been re-
Biding at Palo Alto, where his trouble
over the bicycle; theft that led to his
. arrest, flight and wounding occurred,
Sargent on Friday tried to sell a new
bleycl^ to Leavitt & Bill In San Fran
cisco for $20. It was reedgnjzed as a
machine the! firm had .'sold only a few
AH goes well when the baby
is W<ll. f. Keep the baby well " by
giving him Mellin'o Food, it . will !
nourish him,, make ; him ', grow strong
and keep him happy.: We are sure
of - it ; try ; it.' Ask > the mothers -. of
Mtllin's Food children.'- Send for our
free book about Mellin'a Food.
Mclliß's Food U tht OKLT lafaats*
Feed, which receive d > the Grand . PrUe,
the highest award of the Locisi&nt Pnr r
chase Ezpotitioa. St. UoU, 1904. HUh-
«t than a fK. medaL^
U ELLIN'S POOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
1— POfcICEMAN AND- FUGITIVE. FROM JUSTICE H&-SHOT YESTERDAT MORNING-^
. . \u25a0 . •: WHILE . THE LATTER WAS TRYING /TO; ESCAPE FROM ..HIM... THE
.-V; 'WOUNDED MAN HAD ESCAPED FROM A SAN JOSE OFFICER. : " •-: -''
days "before -to C. A. Montgomery >of
Palo Alto. Sargent was, detained and
af rested for; grand larceny. At -, San
Francisco ;he\ gave' the name ; of . Robert
Carson/and said., he was a plumper.
Hl* hai\ds indicated he had been work-
Ing at. sonic such calllnsr." . .
Constable Grider. was notified of Sar
gent's 'arrest 'and . last,.eve,nitjs:
with hlm^on ,the*s:3o':train.:for San.
Jose, there- being- no f proper "place of
detention'; at" P-alo; Alto? :' At '.^the San
Jose station": 1 Sargent;-* still handcuff ed;
broke away from .the constable and
escaped." - •• . \u0084 r
GUILTY* OF % OTHER THEFTS. * V
The attention of ', the police was called
to Sargent in July, 1904, while he- was
employed as a -carpenter by Benjamin
Dallerup. While working lon Dallerup's
housed at 1015. Prince, street, suspicion .was
cast "-on the " carpenter because,' (Jqf. :'the
numerSus^ articles stolen frbra Qja^ljouse.;
The anicles were stolen by' SaVgehtr*; His";
systeni ; 6f ' tbievjng was to take',hlsvbl
'cycle^ at the. noon hour 'when the decu}-,
pants of the ,' houses thQpght he had gone
to dinner, ride'a block- ov so, then "re
turn, to the house and carry " off .some
plunder.' , Detectives were, j detailed/ to
watch him, btit he managed to keep them
off ,his track for some time. 'ii§!so£ssiß
t Aj peftrch warrant wa« swofn out' ahd^
on July 31 the. officials called at'Sar-'
gent's h0me,' 1625 Leroy- avenue, to serve
the " papers.' Sargent was in " the front
gardeji • without; a ; hat "or coat* .when the
offlcerr called. He pleaded innocence and'
did not, seem the least- disturbed when
they : him^of their mission. 1 ;
It was here that he showed his'cun
ning, for as soon as the police entered the
house he^ fled . to the hills. A' search I re
•vealed a'trunk full of jtwelry'a'nd other,
articles valued at 5500, which had been
stolen from ' Benjamin Dallerup.
'Sargent succeeded in : eluding the jjollce'
for two wfeks, when he gave .himself
up to the minions of the law. He; pleaded
that his .'mind rhad . been deranged ,"and
that his " act' had not" been done with
criminal intent. .The charge was dis-.
missed. • .. . .i ' \"i I
UNIVERSITY EVENTS.
BERKELEY, Oct. 1.-^Du'rln^ a the
coming week there will xbe two" foot
ball games at the university.' the fresh
men playing Belmont on Tuesday and
the varsity meeting Willamette' .;\u25a0 on
Saturday.
There will be a university meeting
next Friday, the name of the .\u25a0 speak
ers not having been announced as yet.
.The music in the Greek Theater next
Sunday will "be given by the choir of
men and boys of the; Church of the
Advent In San Francisco, assisted by
several soloists. " ' .' , r '
EXAMINES LAWRENCE.
OAKLAND, Oct.' 1.-H3eorgeE.; Law
rence, the clubman who was convicted
last week of assault with a deadly
weapon on . his wife." was under exam
ination as .to .his- mental status' .^to
day at the County .Jail by' Dr." D..D.
Lustlg. a San Francisco Insanity Com
missioner. It- has been- alleged -, that
Lawrence'.is' suffering:! from the
of too much drinkinjr..
GRAND TRUNK; PLACES', BIG
ORDER FOR STEEL RAILS
Dominion \u25a0 * Steel " and ' Iron Company
\u25a0Will . Have \ Five Years to -Pill * *i
' 54,000,000 Purchase.
MONTREAU Oct.: i.Liit- Is . officially
announced that the! Grsnd-j.Trunk-Pa
clflc.has given;? an; order," for $4,000,000
worth' of .steei;rallsStoj the Dominion
Iron-, and %Steel iCoxhpanyJ of ' Sydney, vC.;.
B.;\ The'contract;calls.for r ;the, delivery,
of the rails within five-y ears.' 1 * ' \u25a0
THE- SAN-. FRANCISCO GALL,. MONDAY:. OCTOBKR • ,2,^1005.
LATJNIteY'M^KS MAYI
:.r UNKATEK^rYSTERY
-BERKELEY, f Oct. ,1-— Although . fb'ri
mer" Detective \Thatcher: hasi fdentifled
the dead crook in the Berkeley morgue
as John Con way, an Eastern cracksman,
the local police authorities, while'
awaiting evidence f rom ; the East thiV
will corroborate; Thatcher's, ldentlfica-,
tion, Intend to continue work on such
clews as. they have -here. v \.
Marshal Vollmer, said to-day, , that
many foolish storieshad ,beeri -brought
to him by "rattled" ; individuals apd
that most of the clews ; offered by; out-,
siders had not proved- valuable. The
theory that the dead .man was, John,
Wall is one of those; discarded': by Mar
shal': Vollmer, who - said to-day: "Wheli.
\u25a0 Mr.- Kelly of San" Francisco, and oth'^ri
itwho had known Wall :.yery .wellfsiild'
plosttively, that the j dead • marit certaibiiy
'was not Wall, there;was nothing>more
• to-;that. '• - .- - v ' •;\u25a0 ' ; : ' j "-'} '\u25a0 -_ \u25a0•';. :u': ' 1;;
\u25a0,;'' M We ! will now devote out attention
to the laundry, marks, j which have hot.
-yet fbeen, thoroughly 'inveatigated. \u25a0 We
know that two of 'the marks are vCoh-.
tra r Costa Laundry marks—<)ne - from
\u25a0 Martinez; and the Jother^frGiTp^the Pa
cific Mail* dock In '' k San % Franc! scoi ; -We
will go to work to-morrow morning
on these and the laundry v markers will
first* be: asked to identify the marks
and 'then the route . men and . the ' drivers
will be called upon to tell the name and
address of the party ; \Vhose vlaundry '
was thusimarked. '' -'^'S':. -.:\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'•-•'.'/'.\u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0 "-.; '.•''
"We will get the :Bertilllori measuxet
ments of : John Con way- and his -photoj
graph* from the East'by the end.of ;thls
week and they; should settle'; the T ; quesT
tion whether the dead man Is Conway."
k
=VI OPfEUSSIAN BIVER
OAKLAND, Oct: ;I^-A' direct lineVcpri
hebting Oakland' with Hhe* Russian > River
Valley . without crossing? the\ bay? to; San
Francisco Is being seriously consldered[by
jrailroad; men on both ;^ioes-.ofir the'; bay.
"^he plans ;; now being;- considered f -are 7to
\u25a0extend the' McNear line, being. .bullti: to
; Petaluma* and "Santa;; Rosa,; to Point; San
. Pedro, where a ferry to \u25a0 Point San Pablo
will be Installed. " From '.this\ point the
East Shore and ..Suburban, Railway, :; of
, which »W. S. Rheem sls 'superintendent
will' build the connecting; link from Point
Richmond and ; there 'connect with ". the
main \u25a0 line. '.-/"At *\u25a0 irae^county; line ; the ; East
Shore and Suburban ' tracks meet . those 'of
the Oakland Traction "Company ffand *'a?
"direct; run may |be- madeUo; Oakland, lor.
even to Hayward.^ '"r : \ . - .' ;,
:-.' By this route* the distance; from' Santa
| Rosa to; Hay wards : lslcovered in almost a
"direct line, .while the ferry, will be|at ' the
; narrowest . point,'; between \u25a0 the ieast i and
west shores, to .be ' found ". on ; the ! bay. \ «?
' By using this route-such;product: of the
Russian" River,; Valley;* as "butter,? eggs
and I garden." truck may*: find Ca Tmarket in
Oakland Jwlthout';lorig^delays, and « maiiy,
handlings \u25a0 now necessary in the • trip
San; Francisco. . J . \u25a0'
Tiegro - Kills AVlf c and ; Boarder.
I NEW^YORK,. Oct. ;.l.~Enraged by.
Jealousy, ; James ; G.'.v Clayt6n,-i r a 'negro,'
to-day- ehoti and|kllled % ;hl8; wife, 1 -Lucy,'
and James HahnemJ. alpo;V/n'esrb, ; who
boarded/wlth|the|Clayton|farrilly. He'
"made his escape, but /was'eoonlarrested.'
Henry frick'« Mother Dies.
. WOOSTER,'Ohlo^Oct;;l--^-Mrß:;EUza
beth 'j Frick,* mother/of rHenry|GL^Frlck;
the coke; klng, ! -died? here? 1 to-night? of
paralysis, aged*. B6.'- •, \u25a0-'\u25a0••^C. ;.; v ' .".".* '
WHEAT EXPERT
AT UNIVERSITY
JVasliiiigtott^Man-: Comes;, to
College
\ MnJ; bnr^Qreat ProWem
SEARCH •'" :FOR t GLUTEN
Government Is interested in
f Attempts : ; of v California
- SayaiitS; to Improved Yield
v .BERKELEY, Oct, I;— r M,>A. (CarKoni"
'oneVpf ; ; the greatest/cereal"e xperts ;in
the -. country, a member '\u25a0'. of ; the? staff . of
the ; Agricultural:: Department^at Wash
ington, arrived, at the- university last
oight'tO' consult \v.ith : l 'theli college pro
fessors here who aro" engaged" in the •
"glut en. in I wheat" ipxperime^ts.' ,'
- These 'experiments were "begun near
ly one : year agd"ania*were started with
the'-hope^ that • they 'might result;. in j
showing , California wheat growers
.what varieties of. wheat in this State
are -richest ".'in gluten.^' The" gluten is
most -element.*; in wheat,
"and when the grain is- lacking iri" this
"quality'ihiilling men' say the,' wheat is
gTea,tly' depreciated in value:/ '\u25a0'\u0084:;' ...;;.
\u25a0•l-.Prbfessor .George W. Shaw of the
tstate .University, has had direct charge
of -the ' : "e'xperinients/ under. ,the . general I
supervision .:•\u25a0'. of : ;• Professor .;\u25a0 iWlckson. !
Grain has been sown* amd. harvested at
the; expfiriment; stations under, the aus
pices'of .the college* men; and. this* grain
is how beingaested. by. patented Jr appii
ancesat^tlie:university. .The.resuH of |
the tests may not be announced for a
long. .time,, say .the professors, as data
tobe of value must be corroborated by
.many 'experiments. ~'- \u25a0'.- • \u25a0>- - vv . .
" "Mr/. Carlton,' the. Washington expert,
hascome to -witness; this work; pn'be'f
hdliot the Government: at: Washington,
-which is greatiytinterested \u25a0.;. in .'the-f proV
ceedings of ''; •;ttte^aVriCultura"H coHeg^
here." CarUonwiH visit allithe experi
ment stations .wjiere wheat is being
grown * for this : purpose | and J will ; also
gain <f ull information'- of "all" that; Pro.:
f essor \u25a0 ' Shaw^ and jgj h{s | assistants | have
thus "far, accomplished at the univer
sity..^.' .*.'> ; ; '_.* ; '\u25a0-.''\u25a0': \u25a0'.:;;•\u25a0': ': ; '\u25a0"./\u25a0, v -,-. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0:. :
icciJSEiy OF PASSING •; I :
? CONFEDERATE BILLS
; ALAMBDA*; OcV "t '\u25a0}'- — JohnXopez and
Harigoyen Domingp,' Spanish, Califor
hlans.'^are" detained' in the City Prison
on' suspicion of, "being- bunko men who
operate ;with';U,onfedera.tc bills. '.They
were arrested* yesterday -.by; Detective
George ILl Brown- at the corner;of,Park
street 'and r>Buiha-? Vista .avenue- .after
befng'- shadowed •.. f on several g hours.
WhlleUlie; men were being taken to the
police , station they.; werej; detected -. : by
Brown throwing away , the ancient . ana
valueless currency. - The bills', were' re
covered and -will 'be held as evidence
againsfthe pair until .thelr^ecords/are
lOOked UP.- \u25a0•'* \u25a0\u25a0'' <;V '•:;-' : r :^.. ;:,.'.
Lopezjgivei',his i ageas,;22: years ;and
*saj;9T-fhat'?hls%)tt>met-if».7at.- 600 Mission
rt>ad^Losr;Augelei.v 6 D«miriso lls i£2l;
yeirs* of age-'arid-^giyps^his. residence
as,-,607 Duncombe' stt-e.et,- Los 'Angeles.
Both men' state' that. jthey .canyuto.'San
Francisco fnom.> \u25a0\u25a0the.-- "eduthe'rn- metrop
olis' threQ~weeTcs : ;agoV-:'expeeting. to ob-'
;work.' at "Baden, r \u25a0 They were, un
•successful,. they'^aW' and \u25a0-,visited;'Ala
meda yesterday Just .to view the city. ;
TOHELESP!PERyiSOR
:; '\u25a0:;\u25a0::-: HEMmTHE EOADS
: OAKLAND,' Oct. ifll-^The residents of
Supervisor Ralph; Harrison's district, in
Contra , Costa". County. v have
themsilves : in f the ; efforts "of the ; Su
•pervisor ; t6 1 Iniprpye/ the, j condition . : of.
tha^ 'roa"dij\ there iand,": knowing; that/ the.
amount' of 'moheyjn the; road^und "of
the district is; insufflcient for the.work,
they ; haye ; gladly 'I acceded; to/ the ' re
quest" of /.the - Supervisor that they aid
In- the workl ; ; . .- \<ti : ....
"'At'a meeting held ln:.Danvllle to dis- .
"cuss the condition of ; ;the roads; in the
district "a number -.of "the ' residents ;
agreed to hatil ;6oo. cubl^. yards; of > rock"
and gravel to Ibe uscj^ in} repair Ing the ,
"roads : most In .needlbf ßepair. .•\u25a0Thi«*|ia ,
the second \u25a0\u25a0 timeirthat^the'.risjdents '6f .
Supervisor.-. Harrl3oh'«^district>*4hav«:"
aided him in repairlhg'the' roads wi thin
it.' It is by ; far : . the ..largest' in the
county v , ''^v".;'" -^.
WANTS MACEDONIAN
3LASSACEE PKOBED
LONDON.' Oct.'llir^NoeUMJfßuxton, M.
P., wrote to *-: Foreign Mlhiater :'- Lans
downe with preference; to -the massacre
by troops In ;theVMacedonian
village : of I Kohopnltza; iiuggesting
enforcement ;;of' European {' control-^of'
Macedonia, Tf fn'qccssaryj .by the 'aid of
ia* naval Cdemonstration.'':- ';"••
-• \u25a0'\u25a0 Lord Lansdowne/ replied \ to the 1 ef
fect- that the Government was already
Investigating the incident" withVa view
to; r diplomatic 'representations ;to ; the
Porte, and' said he had ascertained '.that
the^TurkishV authorities &> bad '-? sent a
commission i to. the scene, the report i of
which was 'awaited. ;;
,->W. ; A.- Moore. -secretary of the Bal
kan committee who returned to London
from a" two mdhths'i tour of Macedonia;
reported this: massacre ;to : the Asso
ciated Press oh; Saturday. .
GROOKS SUCGESSFTO
I INCRIPPLECREEK
£ CRIPPLE CREEK,^CoIb.,; Oct.^l.— Two
masked ' men r stopped ". Henry j Bunte, . aTsaf
looh-keeper,; near ; the' County; Jail \u25a0 on Ben •
: nett; avenue 'at 1:45 jo'clockj thisjmornirig
and ordered him* to ? produce.; his* money/
Bunte : refused,'! and they - bea t ; him ' on < the
head Y with " revolvers II arid " : knocked him
down. V They $1000 >j. in \u25a0'» cash' ; and
then rariT ddwn : B street; ,7 Policemen s tart-^
ed in; hot pursuit, but did not, catch the
robbers. ; . , . ' - . \u25a0':'. -;'
- Later Bert. Smith , and . Fight-,
master, were arrested . on";SUBpici6n. .Burite
has; identified" Smith.! though both^ Smith
and \u25a0 Fightmaster . always i have \u25a0 borne good
reputations. Bunte * waa','\u25a0-_badly.?hurt4by.
hls?assanants/ ;,' ; ... :;.'-/. ; . ; \u25a0: ; "" -^
CUBAN BANDIT IS : REPORTED
\u0084..-/ KILLED. BY; RURAL; GUARDS
Cblno -"Orelll. Who Ha« '.'Committed
.;" " Several Murderfc .at Last \u25a0 Pay«
* ... ;:-.\.-'". ..-;;;:Pe>» aJ *y'';'"^',; :
r ; GUANO, i Cuba, ; Oct. .a.*^— lt ; is reported
that 5 thel notorious . Cuban bandit;*; Cliino'
Oreill, hasibeehjkllled^by ' rural Taruards."
Orelll ; had VbeenScondemned' to v;death
for/Beyeralf murders.:-? Many f attempts
had^beenlmadetto? capture; him. '".'-
\u25a0 " AGED - WIDOWS DlES.'^Osikland.- Oct.' 1 .ii
Mrs * Barbara "Art Caunt.i S3 years old.^dleii sud
denly 3 thi* 1 morning j at i her S. home, v 655 % Third
Btrect.'S, She leaves a" granddaughter,-! Mrs.: Lulu ;
H".Jackeon.> Mrß.;Cauntvwas born 'ln' England. 1 !
Xbe Coroner 1 took charge, -;*- •;.-\u25a0:' ' \u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0_- \u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0'.-•\u25a0:
OUTSIDERS BUY
OAKLAND HOMES
ißeai EstiiteMen Report That
"5 'o<io(i -Resiliences Property
Finds Keady^ Purchasers
SALES ARE NUMEROUS
Dealers Are Well Satisfied
\u25a0 ;With ..the, Outlook for 1 an
Active I' Whiter Business
i : Q AKLAND, , Oct. , ' I.— As the summer
dr^vjs^tp;'^ close there-Is a marked ln
creaseJn. theVactiyjtyjof the Al.ameda real
estate ; market. ,- Indicating that new com
ers' to. the "easterny shore of the bay are
purchasing propcrty.wlth the intention of
erecting- "homes: before the winter sets in.
The renorts of - real estate men through
out the- county ;ehow' a gratifying In
crease' in -the' number of. sales- of resi
dence property, and, - although the ma
jority of -these sales are small, they are
of a kimT-. which, jjroyes that the popula
tion Oakland" and- the suburban cities of
the county is*' rapidly increasing.- - '-
• Nearly" all the recent sales of Oakland
real /estate " have ' been "'• made 'to people
who have- expressed .the tintentlon of re
siding r i;pe.rmanejitty.^-: here* V and it is
this,j«lass^6f -business i which ( insures the
: prosperity-' of i- r ihe : .ci(y."; A good example
of ;therbusiness of >the last -.week is con
tained .: in the following report of sales
by ' George -TV. Austin:
• ; -W« have-been unusually '.busy this week, and
the; greatest , demand : b&s- been for property
a,loi>S: Telegraph avenije and. in. the Claremont
district. During the lasf week we have closed
a number o' fairly large deals in both these
localities.: -~' ' *- ;; : • -
OUT OF TOWN BUYERS. „..
" A '-large percentage" of pur sales hava been to
out-of-town / buyers,-, among . whom there ha*
heen.-p. constant demand. :ndt only for residence
pjofierty.. but also * lor>.I or>. meaium-sized. centrally
jotated bustriefs 'prgpertleg. .f".
XfTlJaik-en a'ctlvity in") business property is cvi;
v cVhcediby ; the many .recent' sales along Fr%nk
;Jin* j stree.t. g tber sale v a | few | days ago of the
"northeast corner-- of -:. Broadway . and . Eleventh
' 'street, the sale.' of the gore: of Telegraph ave
nue and ' Broadway, and <Hh«?r large sized trans
actions.";-Although: an active market is not un
usual at. this time of the year. Indications point
.to a i continuance during : the- winter • months.
'Among lecenf sales', closed, at this office art
thoee ; of a cottage | and lot ; on Thirteenth ave
nue, •>\u25a0, for -Mrs.- Emma >He6s-Tuggey to J. P.
Kelly; house and- lot -on- Twelfth avenue, near
blxteenth street, 'for .W. H. Walker to J.'-Me-
Dermott:.; house and . lot on \u25a0 Thirteenth street,
near Campbell, for Mrs. Kate Watts to Frank
Frey; house -and lot on Sycamore street, near
Grove, for H. S. t McKeen : to -..W. J. Baker;
three flats on Market street, near Twenty- first,
for. Frank Frey.' to Emma' Rutrtpel; bouse "anC
loton Sherman street; near.' Telegraph avenue,
for S.i M/.- Stone to \u25a0 Mrs. Florence -\u25a0 Tweedell;
house and lot on . Union street, near Tenth,
for Mary P.- Cole; to Mrs. C. . Ketcher; house
and lot' on the corner of ' Third and Jackson
streets fjor.M.l^. Taylor to B.- Bennett; lot on
Ninth.' street,; \u25a0near " Alice, :: to B. I>. Hatcher:
hoiJee and. lot- on -.Seventeenth, street for Mrs.
Swift to F. N. Barnum; houyeand lot on Syea
mcre 'street-Jor "• 11. .S.-McKeen to Roger Wil
liams ;r; r 16t >'on Twenty-fifth street • and Broad
way for, an estate to the Domestic Laundry.
NOTBS-AJIOA'GDEALERg. '•'
: : : The fnowly'^organized-'^real • estate f firm
; of Sternherg&'ljlndberg,- which has been
located'at 465. Eleventh "street, hasleased
larger offices : at';.looS -Broadway, and will,
remove" £to > *the' > ne.w«'4uart,fer3 . In the .near
\ future. \u25a0>-;<; ' -•.?;<;"-?' :'*:.'" "''. '\u25a0>-..? : : .' ';' ."
f' Kreiss &' HorswiU have] just completed
iiie . sale cf threp improved pieces of
choice residence property. Qn~Moss avenue
to F..A: Kenney.-of San Francisco. The
.price; paid riot .the property, % was $3300. :
t -T. A.' ;Sweehey,' has; just.sold a lot on
the, corner. \u25a0,'pC -Telegraph l avenue and
Twenty-fourth street »to. Charles Helmke,
the ? secretary jbf* the .Washington Brew 7
ing Company.', "The purchase' price was
jio.coo.; ;. : ....-..' .. -. ', ... '
Illness. has delayed the removal of;j.' P.
Hale of Berkeley to" his ftew offices, at
the corner , e of ; University,. and Shattuck
avenues, but' he has now completed'hls
removal," 'and 13 ready for business in
tha new- location.- / . ' ;
WANTS BIG SUM
FOR ONE APPLE
i.;i -^vJ Sp«clar Dlepatch'to'The Call.
Oct. 'i:~6ne ' apple. WOOO.
Louis ' Lowrj'i: a of. 1731 California
street, is ; asking ttiat » sum f or \u25a0 what " he
says is \u25a0 a petrified apple, « and the Smith
sonian Institution at Washington, D. C,
may; pay the price. .The, applo was dis
covered, by -an Australian 1 miner near
Guadalajara,; Mexico, , and was . , sold ,to
Lowry. . ; The mirier,: found .- the apple six
teen feet; below the ' surface of .the
ground. f : • ... /\ . y \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 -
. ;."I .;ha\-e been offered \u25a0 $1500 for the ! ap
ple," said,' Lowry to-day, v "but I \u25a0 would
not sell ; it- for - that. ,I ; have,.- placed its
fyalue>ts4oool">;i* i «-.;": ;;;/ .- ;
S^tThere/s were /seven-, apples.- .found, but
this Is the ! only'one-ln-the United States.
The Chicago University r and . .Charles
Gurither of Chicago, the candy- man, who
has a larger collection of curios than any
1 individual In the -United States; -J. P.
Morgan • and Mothers have- been trying to
Induee \u25a0 Lowry to: part with the apple. It
Is ias - hard ras • a; ro.ck » and has a - glossy,
brown ; skin . like ; that , of ; the , jacket ' of a
russet. Itis heavier; than; a fresh apple
of : the ; same ? size .be. v ;
FIGHTS FOR^HIS LIFE f ?
; WITH BOLD3URGLAR
;'-: NEW jYORK, t Oct.? L— Rudolph Relmer
Jr., a .wealthy " and prominent coal ; oper
atdf iof .;Brooklyn,*s had 'a : life '\u25a0: and j death
battle V with ; a. l bu rglar in : the i bedroom ; of
his sumptuous; home I this • morning. " The
burglar, .being % discovered, ' was grabbed
byißelmerT/- Backward and ' forward the
two men {fought, 'now '.. the .burglar "and
then • Reimerjgaining , the upper; hand.;; " \]
\u25a0»" Chairs \ were ;"overturned ;, In'^ the'; dark^
ness,"; '.the' bureau';was ; thrown on? lts : side
and I the" bedclothes *were" torn' from 5 their
place..' The burglar , was; slowly, but surely
pressing . his ? asFailant \ toward ah open
window adjoining the : coal operator's bed/
andy the seeing-: his I purpose ; and
fearing he' might : not , be ; able to : hold - his
own.much ' longer,' began' to :call ! for help.'
The': Intruder ?i redoubled \u25a0'( ' hl3 efforts j;- to
throw" Reimer 'from ;the ! window, 'butjthe
•latter.-: managed £. to ' ; hold \u25a0 < his • own. ;. He
braced ;hiraself^ against i a dresser - and in
this * way 7pr evented > the' burglar, from ] ac
complishing.l his \u25a0\u25a0: purpose.. •;. Finally^
burglar, 1 with ra'i desperate ieffort,.- (reed
himself | a»dfdealt * his; opponent ; a: terrible
blow. intthe: face, wltha. blunt instrument.
\u25a0.Then;i without 'a moment's . he
leaped 1 out ; of i the " window,";- but ; ran ; Into
the arms of a policeman. -When searched
two! revolvers and -an ugly, looking knife
; were'found. -
Gomez'ii Resignation Refused.
--' HAVANA; » Oct: -i l.-^A national».con
v«ntlohVojf.. s theTLlberai;pafty/tofnlght
decided.triotv to; abandon "the jPresiden- 1
tlalXcampaign 5 and \u25a0!;\u25a0 refused ,-, to "j accept
thefreslgnatloniof ; Jose v Mlg-uel ; Gomes;
the* party's ' candidate;; for j the'^Prtai
dency.'V".-."..- '•: \u25a0?-\u25a0>}. \u25a0' - -. \u25a0\u25a0' .-' - _:":.
THRASHES BOLD
WINDOW PEEPER
Louis Schmidt Finds Antone
Castine Annoying Ladies
in Bath and .'Batters Him
€ULPRiy. ROUGHLY U ? SED
Makes Threat to Draw Revol
ver and Is Knocked Sense
less by Powerful Opponent
ALAMETJA, Oct. L— While clinging to
a window an* peeping at two young
ladies In a bathroom In a residence on
Haight avenue, near Webster street, last
night at 11 o'clock, Antone Gastine was
detected by Louis Schmidt and given an
unmerciful drubbing. He made a threat
to draw a revolver on his assailant,
who ,1s a powerful man, and was
stretched s*enseless wltn a volley of
sledge-hammer swings to tne Jaw. When
Schmidt .had knocked the peeper sense
less he summoned Policeman J. A. Blunk,
who placed Gastine under arrest and
charged him with disturbing the peace.
- Gastine is a married man. forty years
of age,; and lives, at 708 Haight avenue,
close to the house. lnto which he peeped,
and ' which- is occupied . by Schmidt and
his family and the two young ladles who
.were the objects of Gastlne's curious
gaze. Schmidt's .wife had been alarmed
several times at night recently by the
sounds of muffled footsteps on the porch
and the appearance of a race outside the
bathroom . window. She communicated
this to her husband, and last night when
the peeper came Schmidt was ready to
receive him. He quietly slipped out of
the rear door of his home. and going to
the side of the house took up a position
where he could observe the actions of
the ; inquisitive nocturnal visitor. As the
\u25a0peeper clambered to the wtndow -Schmidt
pounced upon him and pummeled him all
about the front yard. He started * the
gore from Gastlne's nose and closed both
eyes. "with stiff punches. Schmidt says
that* Gastine made a move as if to draw
a pistol. Gastine' had on a pair of soft
slippers when h« encountered » Schmidt.
' jGastine was released by Night \u25a0 Prison
Keeper Edward Hadley on $15 cash ball
furnished by the peeper's wife.
YELLOW FEVER
CLAIMS A NUN
; NEW ORLEANS. Oct. I.— The Sunday
report, of ;„' the, yellow fever situation
would have been thie lowest one on rec
ord, except for,. the report of a. nest of
Infection.; totaling six cases, among the
£lrls in the. Mount Carmel Institute 'Asy
lum.' in Piety.^treet. ! There have been
sevefal leases* In Ltlie'Mcsun^ Carmel. Con
vent in St. Claude street, and 'as these
two institutions are .closely allied It la
very likely: that Uhe infection was trans
mitted, from, one to the other. Another
case is reported at ; the French Asylum
In St. Anne' street. ' .
: .The Alsiers'side turned up two cases.
Among .the dead is Sister Mary
of., the .Convent L of. Perpetual Adoßtlon.
the second nun to fall a victim of the
fever. .','\u25a0'' • . . . ; C . ''
' The total number of cases under treat
ment in the city Is only; 227. which Is the
best evidence "of the success of the fight
againstthe epidemic.
. It la not at all, unlikely that by the time
the President arrives I the quarantines •in
'Louisiana will be only a memory. The
following reports 'were received: Kenner,
one new case; two deaths; Mandevllle,
one new case; TaUnlah and vicinity, thir
teen new cases.
OFFICIALS; ENCOURAGED.
Satisfied - With .Health Conditions In
Peiosscola. \u25a0
..PENSACOLA. Fla.,;Oct. I.— The offi
cial fever summary to-night Is as fol
lows-.-New; cases 5. total : 168; deaths
none, total 26; » cases discharged 53;
cases under treatment' 39. •
The health officials are greatly en
couraged .over the small - number of
new cases^Feported to-day and the sit
uation Is entirely satisfactory. •
Thirty ;Under Treatment.
NATCHEZ, Miss.. - Oqt. 1. — Of the
five new cases of yellow fever; report l
ed up t0. 6 p.-m.- ; to-day three are white
and two colored. The official report
•hows the total cases to date to be 97.
Total foci, 27; total deaths. 5; under
treatment, 30. .-.^
New Cases to A'lck^burg.
VICKSBURG, Miss., Oct. 1. — Five
new cases of yellow fever and no
deaths was- the report up to p. rei.
to-day. . Several ] hundred people ' left
the city, last^nlght and to-day.
Three \u25a0 Fatal .Cholerm Cases.
.LODZ. . Russian Poland,- Oct. I.—
Three fatal -cases of cholera were re
ported here to : day.
giant python prefers
to; shedskin alone
— NEW YORK. Oct. 1 I.— Battling with • a
twenty-foot '" python, ' two <nen .- to-day
were watched by a breathless ; crowd at
th*e %,New? York Zoological Garden in
Bronx Park. -The spectators were as
tonished by ' the fearlessness r of the men
Bs\they?Vorked r Jnside 'the cage ; of -'the
most dangerous \ rep til c in the park. ? Sev
eral ; days * aga , the big python began to
shed ; its " skin. - It;vbecame'f restless, - suf
fered intensely/land"-' was "Inclined Ito re^
sent interruption.- On ; Saturday f it wai
decided? that Keepers* Snyder and Fowler
must ; help; it. ;^.Whlle" one of the keepers
covered * the* head jof s the "reptile with a
blanket^ and_ sat f upon ; it.'; the" other pro
ceeded Ito 'remove: the deac ikln." - Time
after : time 'the powerful • body swung
around and ! the * keepers, while maintain
ing a* firm grip.; would have to dodge' the
huge- colls. *-. The work was continued all
day Saturday and was completed to-day.
ARTILLERY .« PRIVATE "KILLS
'\u25a0\u25a0'-. COMRADE AT; FORT TOTTE.V
'After . a ; . ; Saloon - Qunrrel Victim la
; Stabbed In i the i Back With }
NEW TORK;OcUI.— Peter Mclntyre."
a v private ; . in s the"; Co*st \ Artillery, '. was
killed ;rlast"rilght ;ln; the \u25a0 barracks* at
Fort \Totten. \u25a0 Whitestone.' I* ,I.7; by » Pri
vate i\VilHam"Snyder. r ~. The ; men-quar
reled ; during the ' day \u25a0 and ; Snyder learly
ih>th«jevenlnff ; wait heard toTsay'in "a
saloon i near; \ the i fort :•; that ' he? had .-, to
hurry h back"? to ; the ' barracks, a s he had
toj:kill!Mclntyrel ; befere< midnight:' 'He
carried ; out~.hls:i throat by i plun gin g ; a
bayonetilnto Mclntyre'aback.
KILLS HIMSELF
TO SPITE WIFE
Machinist Takes His Life
Near Tiburon So He Will
Not Have to Pay Alimony
BURNS MS PROPERTY
After Setting Fire to His
Home He Crawls Into Dog
House and Ends Existence
Special Dispatch to Ilia Call.'
SAN RAFA-EL, Oct. L— Shortly^ after
midnight Peter Faller, a machinist. 5J
years of age. while brooding over hi»
domestic troubles, saturated with coal
oil an ark and a small house belonglng
to him near Hllarlta station, about two
miles north of Tiburon, set fire to them
and then crawled into a doghouse a
hundred yards distant, where he shot
himself through the heart with a 44
callber revolver. . His position In the
doghouse gave him a good view of the
blazing building, and. evidently, after
see that the fire would accomplish his
wish. Faller fired the fatal shot. Con
ductor John Saunders, Engineer Sam
Bates and Brakeman Louis PfaS of the
northbound freight discovered the fire
and after a long search located Faller
dead in the doghouse.
Faller's wife, becoming tired' of his
dissolute habits, recently secured an
interlocutory decree of divorce and was
awarded $25 a month alimony, as well
as the small house.
Yesterday Faller told the authorities
that his wife would not set -his prop
erty until his death. To his friends in
Tiburon he told of his plan to burn
his ark and kill himself, vowing that
his wife should not reap the benefit of
the court's award. His' friends paid
little attention to his threats, not know-
In? he was in earnest until they heard
Of his. suicide to-day.. • \u25a0 " '
- Faller was a good machinist, but on
account of his fondness for drink lost
his position in the railroad shops.
TWO COUNTIES WILL
HOLD JOINT SESSION
Special Dlccatea to Tl» Call. A
REDWOOD CITY. Oct. L— The Super
visors of San Mateo County and those ot
Santa Clara County will meet at Palo
Alto to-morrow to consider the construc
tion'of a -bridge across the San" Fran
cisquito Creek on what Is known as the
Menalto road. The need of this bridge is
Imperative, as the opening of a large dis
trict, which will ba tributary to Palo
Alto, is dependent • upon tha building of
the bridge. The x officials i- of both coun
ties have Indicated their wtlUngnesa to
go ahead , and little more than the ar
rangement'of details Is left to b« done.
SAN DIEGO GEMS
WIN GOLD MEDAL
Special I>J»pat<:»» ; to The C«Il. im
SAN -DIEGO, Oct. L— A- maetage was
received th!s evening, from , Supervisor
Jasper, > who Is now to Portland. -to the
effect that the Jury on. awards yesterday
gave a gold, medal to San Diego County
for making the best gem display, and also
a bronze medal for the. best display of
lepidolite in the mineral department.
The gem display is acknowledged to be
the best that has ever been made on the
Pacific Coast and is valued at many thou
sands of dollars. At the close oT the ex
position It will be taken to Los Angeles.
where It will be placed on exhibition for
about one week before being brought to
San Diego. - ,-
WANT A-HEAEING "1
BEFOKE EXTRADITION
MONTREAL, Oct. I.— lt Is reported to
night, but cannot be confirmed." that
counsel tor Gaynor and Greene have
asked the Minister of Justice for -.a. hear
ing before he signs the extradition papers.
Discussing . the < present situation, Donald
Mac Master. one of the counsel for the
United States." said: • " •\u25a0
"The court having 'decided that Judge
Lafontaine's committal of Gaynor and
Greene a for surrender Is > good. : nothing
remains now but to Issue i the warrant
for their surrender to the United States.
To fail- to do so promptly, would- be a
breach -of . international good faith that
no Government could commit. I cannot
imagine that- the Canadian - Government
\u25a0will compromise Itself by permitting" any
Interference." - .
ADVEKTISTafTiTVrS.
Noßenefit
InO vOSto
: Ii f you arc weak and. worn-
out— if you are nervous, irrita-
; ble, have headache, backache,^
neuralgia, or'periodical pains, it
is you have exhausted
your, nerve force. ''.
If you cannot sleep, and are
thus robbed ' of the rest which
nature demands for tHe restor-
ation of mental and physical
vigor, your '.system .will"- con-
tinue to run down;
Dr. Miles' Nervine restores
vitality- by _ soothing : and
-. lengthening , the nervous
system, thus inducing ref resh-
ing ""asleep,, and 'imparting
strength. -and vigor "to all the
organs of the body.
There :aVe very few instances
where Nervine .will not' benefit ;
if >"i?6t,- ybuf druggist will re-
; fund; the money.
r,'^T»en I began; taking: Dr. MUe* m
'£«enrtee I had a" very. sour stomach,
extending far around on my
left sido— attended with extreme nerv-
I dreaded to \u25a0 have .night
coined as It was Impossible for ma to
: sleep. -Everything- I »<• distressed ne-
Before I had finished one bottle of '
,Nervtne there vu such a change that
my .husband ; bought ; six \u25a0 more. < whlca
• has restored me to health.'^- - _i- -_
:; MBS. JEJWIE SIMMS.
• RuBhvllle. Ind.
Dr. Miles' Nervine I* *o'd by your )
druggist, who'wdt guarantes that tha
first bottle will benefit.-: If »t falls, h«
will refund your money.
; Miles Medical Co., Elkhari IndCANDIDATES CHOSEN BY THE UNION LABOR PARTY
BRIEF SKETCH OF THE CAREEROF 'EVERYMAN 'NOMINATE® BY THE CONVENTION
Candidates Are Nearly All Selected
From the Ranks of Organized
Labor of Municipality.
Mayor Schmitz Heads the List^ of As
pirants for the Many Offices to Be
Voted for Next Month.
The Call herewith publishes a brief sketch of the career of each
candidate selected by the Union Labor party at its convention on
Saturday evening. Many of the candidates are affiliated with or
ganized labor and each was chosen after a careful consideration by
the party leaders. No surprises were sprung at the convention and
the whole programme was carried out as planned. Mayor Schmitz
heads the ticket as the candidate for Mayor. This is the third time
that he has appeared before the citizens of San Francisco for election
to this office. Twice he has been elected. The majority of the can
didates have not appeared in the political field before. The leaders
of the Union Labor party express themselves as well pleased with
the ticket. " •*-
Eugene Schmitz is the present Mayor of
San Francisco. He was elected to office
four years ago and has retained his place
ever since that time. He was the first
nominee of the Union Labor party on Its
organization In 1901, defeating James de
Succa for the place at the head of the
ticket only after a close fight. At that
time Mayor Schmitz was leader of the Co
lumbia Theater orchestra and Dissident
of the Musicians' Union of San Francisco.
He was unknown in politics. On this elec
tion he defeated Asa R. Wells, Republi
can, and Joseph S. Tobin, Democrat. Two
years later. 1903, he defeated Henry J.
Crocker and Franklin K. Lane.
Eugene E. Schmitz was born in San
Francisco in 3654. He comes from German
and Irish parentage. He graduated from
the "Washington Grammar School and be
came a musician. In 1831 he married Julia
Driscoll of Watsonville. He has two
daughters and one son.
LAXCDOX IS AX EDUCATOR.
Candidate for District Attorney Is Su
perintendent of Schools.
William H. Langdon, candidate for Dis
trict Attorney, is 32 years of age and was
born in Alameda. He was admitted to
practice law before the Supreme Court
of California nine years ago and has also
been admitted before the Federal courts.
He taught school for a number of years
until elected Superintendent of Schools in
San Francisco, two years ago as a can
didate on the Union Labor and Demo
cratic tickets.
WALSH FOR CORONER.
It. Now Member of the Central Emer
grncy Hospital Staff.
Dr. William J. Walsh, the candidate for
Coroner on the Union Labor ticket, is a
native son. He Is a resident of the Twen
ty-ninth Assembly District and is at pres
ent a. member Mt- the Emergency Hospital
ei&il. He is Zi> years old and was edu
cated in St. Mary's College, and is also a
graduate from the medical department ol
the University of California, and it Is his
first essay for a political office. He is a
prominent member of the Knights of Co
lumbus and is also a member of several
other fraternal organizations.
VETERAN NAMED FOR SHERIFF.
Colonel Thomas OWeil ss yr Service ' in
the Philippine Islands.
Colonel Thomas O'Neil is the Union La
bor party's candidate for Sheriff. He is a
deputy in the County Clerk's office.
Colonel O'Neil Is best known as a member
of the First California Volunteers, having
gone to Manila as captain of Company M.
Through his gallant work in the islands
he was promoted to major. He was born
in Philadelphia in 1556. came to this city
in 1559 and received his education here.
He is a member of the Spanish War Vet
erans.
STULZ FOR ADMINISTRATOR.
Candidate Is a Grocer and Resident of
3!!as!on District.
r/ , Joseph A. Stulz. candidate for Public
Administrator, is a native of .New York
City and is 54 years of age. He has been
a resident of this city for twenty-six
years past. He is president of the Direct
Line Telegraph Company, past president
of the California State Association of Re
tail Grocers and ex-president of the local
association. He is also ex-vice president
of the Retail Grocers' Association of the
United Sfates.
MILCREAVV FOR CLERK.
Nominee Formerly a Member of State
Legislature.
Harry I. Mulcreavy. the nominee for
County Clerk, is a native of San Francis
co, where he was born in IS6B. He is en
gaged in the real estate business. In 1896
he was elected to the Legislature from
the Thirty-seventh District on the Demo
cratic ticket. He Is a past president of
the Native Sons and is also an Eagle. Mr.
Mulcreavy was educated In the public
schools here.
NELSON FOR RECORDER.
Candidate Formerly n Member of the
Shoemakers* Union.
John H. Nelson, the nominee for Re
corder, is well known in this city, having
served two sessions in the Legislature as
Senator from the Thirty-fifth Senatorial
District. He was at one time a member
of the Shoemakers' Union. He is past
president of San Francisco Parlor of the
Native Sons, and for fifteen years be has
been financial secretary of the parlor. "
NICHOLS AN OLD RESIDENT.
Prospective Tax Collector Came to San
Francisco When a Boy.
J. F. Nichols, the nominee for Tax Col
lector. 1» a native of New York, but
came to this city with his parents when
he was five years old. For the last twelve
joars^he has been . secretary of the Odd
Fellows. This Is the first time Mr. Nich
ols has ever been out for a political
ofßcc-
A BAKER IS NOMINATED.
diaries. A. ..Bantel Hci Lived In . San
Francisco Since 1577.
Charles A. Bantel, candidate for City
Treasurer, is a baker, whose place ot
business is on Taylor street. He was
born in New York of German parentage,
and came to San Francisco in 1877. In
1596 he was elected School Director, Ban
tel is a member of the Odd Fellows, the
;;ew York Society and several German
organizations.
HORTON OUT FOR AUDITOR.
He la m. Political Writer of Many
' Year»* Ser^lee.
6. V'ells Horton, the candidate for Aud
itor. Is a native son. and has been a
newspaper man for twenty years. As a
writer he has wielded the pen In many
campaigns and is recognized as an able
newspaper man. He was born in this
city forty-six years ago, and has served
on most of the dailies at one time or
another.
burke: for city attorney.
Candidate Is a Graduate of the San
Francisco Schools.
William G. Burke, who was nominated
for City and County Attorney, is a mem
ber of the law firm of O'Grady & Burke.
He was nominated by the Union Labor
party two years ago for the same office.
He is a native of Australia, and came to
this city when a youth and was educated
m the public .schools, of this city.
CONLAN CERTAIN OF ELECTION.
Labor Party Nominee Also Fusion Can
didate for Police Judsre.
Judge Charles T. Conlan, the fusion
nominee for Police Judge, was also in
dorsed by the Union Labor party. Con
lan Is a native son of California, a mem
ber of Stanford Parlor No. 76, and has
been on the police bench ever since 1893.
SHORTALL FOR POLICE JUDGE.
Candidate Has Been Practicing Law In
Sun Francisco Since 1596.
Edward P. Shortall. Union Labor nom
inee for Police Judge, _ was for many
years chief law clerk in the office of
Charles B. Darwin. Shortall graduated
from the Hastings College of the Law
in ISS6, and was admitted to practice in
all of the courts, both State and Federal.
For the last six years Mr. Shortall has
been a member of the law firm of Short
all & Thompson. He is also a member
of the Olympic and South End Rowing
clubs, and is prominent in social and fra
ternal organizations.
NOMINEES FOR SUPERVISOR.
Men on Ticket Selected From Various
Walks 'of Life.
Fred P. Nicholas is a carpenter by
trade. He was born in Virginia City.
Nev., thirty-six years ago. He has never
before appeared before the people of San
Francisco seeking a public office. Nicho
las is president of the Carpenters' Dis
trict Council of San Francisco, and Is a
delegate to the Building .Trades Council
at St. Louis, and has been prominent In
politics, although he has never held a
public office. He is a resident of the
Thirty-eighth District.
J. J. Furey is a man who has been iden
tlned'with the labor movement in San
Francisco for many years. He came to
San Francisco from New York twenty
flve* years ago and he has resided In this
city continually ever since that time. He
Is at present deputy sheriff.
He is president of the Iron Trades
Council and president of the Blacksmith
Helpers* Local Union No. 316. ' He is &
blacksmith's helper by trade, and owns a
fur store on Stockton street.
He is at present attending the conven
tion of the International Brotherhood of
Blacksmiths' Helpers' Union in St. Paul.
Jennings Phillips is a pressman. He
was born in this city ana Is a resident
of the Forty-first District. In 1900 he
was a deputy sheriff. Phillips is thirty
«.ne years old, but he has occupied many
positions of trust in labor councils. He
has been president of the Pressmen's
local union, chairman of the joint con
vention committee and delegate many
times to the International Printers and
Pressmen's Union.
Edward I.Walsh was formerly a mem
ber of the Board of Supervrsors. He was
appointed to the lioard by Mayor Schmitz
for a short term. Walsh is a ma
chine operator in the shoe establishment
of t,the Siebe Shoe Company and belongs
to Shoe Workers' Union N0.' 213.
Thomas F. Lonergan, a resident of the
Thirtieth District, was born 'In Ireland
forty-four years ago. For the last twen
ty-seven years he has lived in San Fran
cisco. Lonergan is a baker and is at
present a salesman of. bakery goods. He
has occupied the president's chair in the
local union of Salesmen ' of Bak
ery Goods and in 18)4 and 1595
he was elected vice president of the
State Federation of Labor.
Sam Davis is a musician and for the
last fourteen years he has played a drum
at the Tivoli Opera House, where . he 'is
still employed. He came to San Fran
cisco from New York in 18S5. \u25a0 He has
been actrve in labor circles for ' many
years. Davis lives In the r'orty-second
District. He is also a music publisher,
with a store on Eddy street.
* James F. Kelly, nominated for Super
visor" to represent the Thirty-second As
sembly District, was born In Virginia
City, Nevada, In 1866. He came to San
Francisco with his parents " in 18S2 ' and
ever since that time has-been in the em
ploy of Sherman, Clay & Co. in the ca
pacity of manager of the varnishing and
polishing department. Kelly is unmar
ried and resides with his father and
mother,; Mr.' and Mrs. Daniel Kelly, at
1114 Vermont 'street.
M. W. Coffey, nominee for Supervisor,
was born ' in . New -York * City forty-seven
years ago. .He came to San Francisco
thirty-eight years ago and soon after
graduated from the Lincoln Grammar
School. In 1891 : he was chosen to repre
sent the- Thirty-seventh District in ; the
Assembly. He is president", of the '\u25a0, Team
Drivers' '. International Union / of ./: San
Francisco ;and president of "-the V-Hack
men's Local- Union,ca ; position -which he
has held for/ five years. He Is a proml-
THE SAN FRANCISCXDCALL^MONDAY. OCTOBER X ;1905.
nent member of the Eagles and Red Men,
the Druids and the , Maccabees. \
\u25a0 \u25a0 • : • • •;\u25a0"-'"\u2666\u25a0
Max Mamlock is chief electrician for
he Central; Light and Power Company.
He is a native of Germany and ; has
\u25a0esided in San , Francisco .for thirty
>ne years. This is the first time that
le has ever asked ' for a public 'office.
Mamlock lives in the Forty-third Dis
:rict. He is a delegate to .the Build
ng and Trades Council of San Fran
;lsco, vice president -of. local union No.
!, Electrical Workers, and is manager
)f Electricians' Hall. .
W. W. Sanderson - was \ ejected a
member of- the Board of Supervisors
two' years ago, ;\u25a0 but bailing : to ' be • re-,
nominated; by,, the • fusion; forces, was
made 'the nominee of; the .Union- Labor,
party. V He Is .'a .wholesale 'fi: grocery,
salesman in the employ of Hooper &
Jennings, and lives ;with« his/wife at
the Hatton on ; Pine street in the Forty
third -Assembly District. . '-
James L- Gallagher is a member of
the Board-. of«" Supervisors. . He, is an
attorney and has been a practitioner
in -San Francisco for .many years. .He
was assistant* to the City, Attorney for
five years, beginning in 1892.
P. M. McGushin is a liquor dealer.
His 'place \u25a0 of business is , on Stevenson
street : and he : resides : .in the Thirty
ninth District.' Hel_ Is; a nativelof : Ire-1
land, but came, to' \u25a0 this city ~ twenty
years ago. V* He -has been -prominent in
politics, although 'he has never '» before
appeared ? before* the ; public \u25a0: for— office.
He _ has . been a director In .. the Liquor
Dealers'. Association ' for the last four
years. , • v •
• -. •\u25a0*-.•
L. A. Rea, incumbent , < Supervisor,'
was" born <in -Switzerland -in 1864. 'He
has been in 'buslness;in*this. city ever
since 1884.% He kwas: appointed^ Super
visor byjMajror; Schmitz >in> June. r 1903.
and was elected; to > the ..office IJn -the
following November/ as -a* candidate lon
the * Union; Labor, and^. Republican^ tick
ets, v. Ho,- is -connected j.with^various 'en
terprises' and : is chairman -;Of '\u25a0 the . Pub-
CANDIDATES, NOMINATED, BY :TH E - UNION ' LABOR' PARTY.
Majority of the M the Nominating Body -Have
Not A
lie. Building Committeeiof Hhe present
Board of Supervisors!/ . . ':*:•.
. , Charles i>oxton . is . an ]. incumbent . Su
per<Msor and,' Iwas ; f borriiJ: In
County in 1860.' ;;He,rhas>been -atresl-^
dent of this city ever sinee i he was? two*
years {of ; age and Jis > now r engaged; in
the! practice" of "dentistry. 'He was -a
member -of ther.National \u25a0_ Guard of
California" :for ' '•.'.; twelve*, .'years S.dnd
served as i major -in* the First; California
.Volunteers during^ the : Spanish-Ameri
can -War.'.' He s is . the '. senior^offlcerV.of .
the regiment ' i n [ San ; Francisco. He i has
been elected. three' times t as Supervisor;
He ischairman s -of • the;Police;Co'm'mit
teo of • the prcsent[Board of Superyls
ors. ; \u25a0".\u25a0•-••\u25a0•: ;\u25a0;\u25a0...•".. v "';:./;
• \u25a0'\u25a0•\u25a0'- *
; /George /t I .' Duffy \ Is .a^natlve' of^Liv-;
erpool.i England,? and :"-is ;!^so - years i.ofi
age.*;- , He ; came ; to] this [ city i thirtyjyears
agoiandihasibeen^incbuslnesswalraQsf;
continuouslyieverisince.* \u25a0 .He lsrnowias-i
sociated:; with his i brother. ,In . the
plumbing- business and -has "always
been : an .employer; of a large-number
of; men.".. '\u25a0 • '.*'."
. Daniel "G. Colemanisa very young
manV ; but?he : :has ; had considerable' ex
perience's in I life. - -'.-\u25a0 He is employed .with
the 1 - Pope ?& r Talbot\Lumber Company
ahd'is' well' known In commercial dr-'
cles? , v He" is; a native; of San • Francisco.
Coleman' has never held office. .
'Charles J." HarriganV is a' k native '\u25a0 of
Ireland.- gThereV he -.was* born forty-five
years'' ago. ir-When -- he iwas • seven t years
old -iils lpafehts^^brought i him; to* Amer-
IcaV;and?rhe^settledr;ln ( _ San 'Franqisco.'
Helis'afgrocer^nd a' well knownicitl
zen » of* the ' Thirtieth District., : In -1894
he -'-'. the '\u25a0 ; of .-\u25a0-; deputy
"clerk. ~? He • ha 3 never. before: held: office. .
_ Andrew,. M. tWHson _ is.; a , member J of
the^firm of Wilson ;Bros.; an* auction
"company. He, is . a native of . New York
and came ' to £an 'Francisco in 1893.'
Wilson ;livesat 311 Spruce; street and
has ; a,summ« h home San Mateo.
He has never before appeared for -pub
lic office. ' • • - -••'
MANY PETTY. BURGLARIES
ARE . REPORTED TO POLICE
Thieves , Break Into * House* in \u25a0 SeTeml
; . DlMtrlct j, bat, Only; Small Amonnta ; ;
„' "Are'^ Secured. \~"
i -/Numerous -petty ' burglaries were re
| ported -to the police \yesterday. ;„ The
l.frbntrdobr of Andrew jMayalla's. saloon
I,'a't ;. 206,-StVuart street was : kicked *In
I early, in^the^mornlng and J4O was. taken
h from "a cash -register.
j The 'room '* of : Mrs. :\u25a0 Agnes , Sherwood.
. 1 36 [' Fillmore ] street.'* was ; by "a
sneak thief. "A ( gold chain and $30 were
':\u25a0'\u25a0 Mrs. ii , -W. Walton of 1145 Polk
street was robbed of $100 worth of
lingerie. The stuff was taken from
her room during her absence.
Thieves broke into the cigar store
of Samuel Newlands, 213 Montgomery
street, early yesterday morning. They
were evidently frightened away Before
they had time to take anything.
The candy store of John M. Julius.
1725 Mission street, was looted of S3
worth of sweets on Saturday night-
Tools valued at $14 50 » were taken
from 9 Lick alley.
Ran Dorm by Street Car.
Miss Emllie R. Roberts, a young wo
man who recently arrived in San Fran-'
Cisco from Brooklyn and who was oa
her way to Los Angeles, was knocked
down and severely injured yesterday
by a Market-street car. The accident
took place at the Junction of Mont
gomery r***et» where sheuwas walking
with hei Brother at the time. Mls3
Roberts', injuries were -dressed at the
Central Emergency Hospital by Dr.
Kuctch. One of her. ears was' nearly
torn, from , her , head. , Her .trip to Los
Angeles has been postponed.
Assaulted by stranger.
„, Herman Butenberg. who resides at
2553, Sixteenth- street. " met a strangs
man* on ' Mission , street V yesterday
morning, who attacked, him without
any provocation and gave him a kick
in the abdomen which may prove fatal.
The Injured man was sent to" the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, where he re
ceived treatment.; . In the meantime
Police Officer P. Cronan arrested
Thomas White arid charged him 'with,
the crime. The accused was identified
by the injured man as the one who as
saulted him.' \u25a0" \u25a0'} '
«inyn Woman Hobbed Him.
•The society of Margaret Panhorst for
'fifteen minutes | yesterday; cost' Thomas
L.% Morton of CooUa Costa "County $15.
He says she robbed him of that amount
ln'her room at 25 1\ Minna' street. Miss
Panhorst was taken ' Into custody and
charged with Igrand larceo/,
56
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPKECKELS ..,........./..... . 1 \u2666 . . ... . ... .Proprietor
ADDRESS AUi COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McXAUGHT .^Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAW FRANCISCO
' MONDAY \u0084 ./-...OCTOBER 2, 1905
THE FLURRY IN MONEY.
THE feature in business last. week was the sudden flurry in call,
money in New York on, Friday, the rate advancing from^^ to
7 per cent, with frequent fluctuations up and down between
these two extremes. The causes of the flurry were, several, but the
salient ones were the loss of $6,679,000 from the banks to the sub
treasury, the drafts and borrowings to provide for the quarterly set
tlements on October 1 and to carry current matters over to Monday,
the movement of the Western. crops, the Pennsylvania and Atchison
bond subscription payments and the advance in the Bank of Eng
land discount rate from 3to 4 per cent the day before. , v
.1 All these combined circumstances were sufficient to stagger
any money market, and it is not surprising that the rates advanced.
But there" was no alarm, as all these conditions had been expected,
and when 'the. rate got up to 6 per cent the banks and other large
nnancial interests promptly appeared in the market with millions
to lend, one bank.alone loaning $10,000,000 at this figure, an indi
vidual house $3,000,000, and other 'institutions very heavy, sums.
This ready appearance of available funds allayed any t apprehen
sion that might have been felt, and the market receded from 7 to 6
per cent, where it closed. There were loans on Saturday at s|an_d
'hV'z P er cent - The flurry was apparently the culmination of the dis
turbance, as the rates for call loans had been advancing for some
days. Premonitions had been given a fortnight before by the ad
vance in the rates of discounts by the banks of England, France ami
Germany, and the flurry had largely been foreseen and discounted.
A matter of extensive comment was the steadiness and even
buoyancy with which the stock market received the sudden rise in
money. By all precedent the advance in money should have caused
consequent? liquidation in the stock market and a resultant decline
in stocks, but this expected occurrence did not take place. The
whole list was steady and some stocks 'actually went up. It was
an artificial steadiness, however, and readily comprehensible by ac
customed observers of the stock market. .Strong hands were sus
taining quotations and would not permit them to fall. This showed
two conditions — first, that the public were not very large holders
of stocks, else mere would have been immediate and hysterical
liquidation; and second, that the great banking' interests were not
willing to see a lower market at this time; But^even if the-steadi-.
ness were artificial and contrary to the normal laws of trade, the
fact that the market -could be held up under such an array of ad
verse circumstances was proof that underlying supporting forces
were very strong, that basic conditions of trade were on firm founda
tions, and was therefore encouraging and productive of confidence
•in the future: In all respects, therefore, Friday was a very inter
esting and curious day in money and stock circles.
Reports from the industrials and staples were again cheerful.
The season is now so late that the crops may be considered sate
from frosts as a rule, and abundant harvests are thus assured. This
is a great thing for the country. Again, the mills and factories
everywhere report their machinery running topfull capacity. The
American Locomotive Company reports a. very large business
booked ahead for the coming year and that every department will
be loaded to the limit for a long period. Railway managers report
a scarcity of cars and engines to handle the business tendered them.
The bank clearings for the week were 26.1 per cent larger than for
the corresponding week last year, with almost all the leading cities
and towns showing gains, and the aggregate clearings were $2,539,7
000,000. Mercantile collections were reported good in all sections-
Cotton sales of large proportions at good prices were reported by
•the Sottfh, and the distribution of merchandise was liberal every
where. All kinds of building and structural material were in con
tinued active demand. Winter seeding of wheat was active, with an
increased acreage indicated. The scarcity of steel is increasing, and,
as mentioned several times of late, orders for considerably over a
million tons of steel rails have been booked for the coming year.
The only line in the country showing overproduction at present is
bituminous coal. , v
Thus, with abundant crops, selling at high prices, the mills and
'labor fuily employed, the wholesalers, jobbers and retailers report
ing activity in their several lines, collections prompt and plenty b£
.money, apparently, to meet all calls, it appears that the country is
still in the full enjoyment of prosperity. Orf the. Pacific Coast* the
prospects for the coming } r ear are especially bright, there being no
adverse conditions of any consequence at present.
INSURANCE REMEDIES.
LIFE insurance methods are sharply criticized in' the October
number of the Forum by . Louis Windmuller. He does not
confine blame to officers of the companies, but shows that the
public is in large measure responsible fpr, the mismanagement of;
funds and the extravagance which has ;• made insurance come-rfar
dearer to people of moderate 1 means than' they could afford.^ His.
paper points out grave faults and also suggests remedies that he
'thinks would correct them. .
- It is well known that the value of a policy becomes greatly less
ened if the holder is obliged to surrender it from inability to pay.
the premium; but it is not so well known that the profits to the
companies from this source are enormous, that a very large propor
tion of the people are caught in financial straits and are so compelled
to sacrifice a Urge part of the savings they had put into insurance.
It is easily seen that the effect of this system of compelling policy
holders to risk their premium money is to make a gamble of an
outlay that ought to be the very opposite of the gambling spirit. We
are told that twice as much insurance lapses and is surrendered as
is paid for at maturity. "Man}' forfeitures occur because sanguine
persons, persuaded by overzealous agents, are unable to pay even
the second premium." v
v One of the remedies recommended is that all the companies
could do a larger and safer business if they "were to return to the
first principles of life insurance, selling, for the smallest premiums
consistent with safety, old line, non-participating policies." As for
Jlie public's. share in the blame, the writer says : "For the extensive
sale of these expensive policies the public is largely- to blame. The
most audacious canvassers could not have. succeeded by their ,'rribst
insinuating manners in placing the large number they did if the expec
tation of the insured that during their lives they would participate in
the profits had not induced them to take them. * * * Their
credulity has created the vast power of^ the huge companies which
they now ask the Federal Government to control."
Notwithstanding the denials. of Colonel Watterson that he has a mint
bed and mixes juleps, the Prohibitionists show no disposition to make him
their standard bearer in the next campaign.— Kansas City Journal.
Publicity, in addition to its curative properties, is "useful sometimes as a
preventive. There are. reasons for thinking that it prevented one Addicks
from going to the United States Senate. — Chicago Tribune.
The Denver man who paid his wife's alimony in mining stock in his
own mine and then depressed the value of it to make her sell seems to have
sojved the marriage problem. — New, York Commercial. _
A Frenchman' predicts that we shall all live in glass houses before long.
A large number have already moved in, but theyrdo.not seem to.be over
liappy in their quarters.— New York Tribune.
'"\u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0•'"\u25a0 -- -.;\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 « - ' ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . ; ' -\u25a0\u25a0 - '
That • florist . was an all-in-a-nutshell biographer when j. tie inscribed a
floral pillow for a dead collector, "His Life Work Dun."— Baltimore Sun.-
There is something humorous in any person lying awake worrying
whether Theodore/ Roosevelt is able to take care of himself.— Chicago Post.*
THE SAN FRANCIS^
Famous Woman Promoter Denies : % >- .
Connection With Revolutionary
x Plot in Island of San Domingo
ADVICES ; received by the Ban Do
- mingo Consulate at New York de
,, clare that' a man \ passing -under
theiiame* of Larawals, .^ but "who- in ,
reality was A. B." . Rawlsjßeader,was.re
sponslble't for the recent revolutionary
: flurry j in? San Domingo, says tho "Phila
delphia North American.". - "i
\[\ Larawals^; as he was v known, on*, the 1
island," is .alleged to have* offered^ General
Demetrio.Rodriquez the active , leadership
in a to . overthrow? 1 President
\u25a0Morales and -the 'present administration.'
This" plot was nipped '\u25a0 In the i bud; byTthe/
arrest of a number. -of .prominent- Domin
icans whose -opposition', to thV'admlnis-.
tration is; well' known. ; ; ' %
The \ letters ; 'receiyed by :.' the Consulate
contain the f assertion that - the ' name of
Se nator Morgan , of-.: Alabama, and of , the
San .Domingo S Improvement , Company fof
New York,"- as well as the I names of. sev
eral: other - United: States Senators, ; were
freely -used by Larawals 'Jn furthering
" the!, scheme.' >.\u25a0\u25a0..,:..'. \u25a0\u25a0.. , : ..' -V" - ; - ; \u25a0"- : r~- .-,-\u25a0--.\u25a0\u25a0
\u25a0-'. Rawls-Reader is the \ husband vofx Mrs.
Ella ;; whoso attempt g last,
winter to sell Samanaßay to the United
States; fthanco r the indebtedness of Sari
Domingo; and whose career as a promoter
of big enterprises has won for- her 1 the <
title of the leading: business woman/of
the .United States. ', ' :
Mrs. Rawls-Reader., maintains' an office
lit, 45 AV'alli street,:: and .has ; influential
connections among leading financiers who
have been interested in her San Domingo
scheme and iir her railroad enterprises in
the: South, in England and in Jahore,
India. She admitted when seen that" her
husband had just returned from a secret
visit' to San Domingo, " but declared \that
he was on. the island in' connection with
private business enterprises In which she
and a number, of others are interested. •
IN THE COUNTRY
OUTrhere in God's great, quiet N land
"With the pujsing.sky-.above me
By every passing zephyr fanned
And the long, lush grass to love me,
I stretch myself ; full .length and lie
Enamored of. the earth and :\u25a0 sky.
I hear the river .murmuring.. murmuring .
.And the song 'it sings is 'tender; '
-. '\u25a0 A butterfly is on the. wing, \u25a0
?: A; beautiful bit] of splendor,
'From bloom to 'bloom it! .flutters on,
Then, like an autumn leaf, is : gone.
Full length IJie upon the green' !
And the long, lush' grassr enfolds' me,
With earth and sky andall serene \u25a0
. . And the silence fondly, holds 'me,
And 'faint and fainter, grows the gleam
As I -drift Outward in a drcani;
Forgetting all this world. of care
And the chains that lohg:have:bound me,
I smell the earth-and drink tHe air ,
While the sunlight;; plays arouiid : me,
;. Out here my vain complainings cease \u0084
And earth, my mother, brings me peace.
Out here in God's great, quiet land:
Witl\ no mocking care .to floutme,.
With ; naught -of /me; to make demand
With; the dear earth's arms about me,
: I \u25a0 close mine eyes": ariVl "drift afar." - ; / '
.:.; ; Where dreamland's rbse-hued r islands are. ,
:; /\u25a0\u25a0-':' ' "• \u25a0';;.. T-^Chicago' Chronicle.
INCREDIBLE.
The policeman .entered ' his home and
hung B up his coat and helmet. "Mary,"
he said; "I've resigned." '-. "What for ?"
asked his astonished " wire. /' "I'm going
Into business for myself. V^i can do bet
ter that way than I can dp, working
for the Police Department. "l suppose
you're"— "No, Mary," he said, "I
know what you suppose. I have "a llt- r
tie surprise for you.'-' The woman sat
down and drew a long breath. "Well,"
she said, '!jvhat is it? I'm -ready."
'"Mary," he ' replied . gravely t "I'm : not
going into the saloon business." .That
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
BOX COAT IN: TAN COVERT.
AMONGithe numerous styles of coats for, the j early fall; the: short box coat
" on severely .tailored' lines fis .to \u25a0be T a'" prime {favorite "with t. those"; built ion
\u25a0'y. \ slender 'Hnes/^Allf sorts ; of -materials ?. are;: used* -In^theSdevelopmentr'of
these ';\u25a0 coats, but f6r the separate garment tari'covert : is .by.far: theVmosttpref erf
able." .This ; season's j models j show; a) heavy, stitching at the' bottdnr of the coat,
.- and; they .are cut ia" trifle : more ; flarlng v than ' -formerly.!* The ;•. pocket :i flaps, too,
.'". showia'changeitin .that |they,;are!cut with f rounds instead:; of I corners.
Wlth\ these coats a?e I wdrri^one of the many.;'expTessions :6f ,} small j hats,'«beh t
\and;twlsted.in the '<mbst: becoming angle^'and • simply 'trimmed ;^with { folds Vof
velvet and wings." \u25a0' "-" .'\u25a0\u25a0"'- :--\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0,">"-'':''\u25a0'--''::,':'\u25a0 -.' ~- :''\u25a0/;;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•'."::- -. : \u25a0 \. :
MRsi ELLA RAWI-S-UEADER.
Mrs. . Rawls-Reader stated also that
Larawals is her cable address, and denied
most -positively that either her .husband
or herself had any connection with a Ban
Domlrigan revolutionary plot. .
7: * •\u25a0 ~ . . . . . • . •. ~ " . ......
night, the newspaper called.
It was: the; first "case 'on -record. 1 . ./.
.Tho prizefighter,, had;. been touched on
the, shoulder by : the -referee and he was
now ,;: champion. As ; ;he ! ; entered his
dressing-room; a- man :;hurried up to
him. : "Mr. Sw^tti" :he _ said, - .'.'l'll* give
you $3000 '\u25a0:\u25a0.'\u25a0 a/. year \u25a0/ to - ; go l^ on!; the stage
under, my: "management.''.. The cham
pion 'hesitated. .' "Ten 'thousand," said
the * manager. ; The ']\u25a0 prizefighter ' he.ld
up his j hand* . "Friend,"/* he . began, ."1
wouldn't accept : $50,000. 1 5 1 have too | much
respect for, the :. public."— Kansas City
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. Waterhouse
BLOWING , BUBBLES*
-~fTS LOSE I be§ ide the~ ; kitchen doorway,"
I;* in the Land of .Long Ago,
- N." Was— * ."Was a bench, of home 'production,
- where, bur bubbles 'we would
-\u25a0'.•:, blow.'
There, we children used to gather, pipe
;\u25a0'\u25a0" of clay in. every -hand.
And the bubbles * drifted ; skyward to the
±y '\u25a0 shrieking of the. band. •\u25a0\u25a0><'- V:- ; \u25a0".• ".'- . \u25a0
Bubbles : great and bubbles smaller, bub
bright and bubbles dim, .
All went'floatins:, floating.' onward at the
wind's fantastic whim;
Rainbow bubbles", iridescent as the opals
suns have nurse'l—
And I noticed that the brightest was the
one that burst the " first. ; .
\u25a0 \u25a0', V i . 1~ : ,: \u25a0 . \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:-\u25a0',
Still beside that , kitchen .doorway stands
> the bench r knew of yore,
But we" children .of the- old-time gather
. round -it; nevermore.; ' •' \u25a0
We have •wandered.' down -life's highway
> ; ,: till i tno .shadows rearward creep— '
Some* are here and some are*yonder; some
: , have' sunk k to dreamless ; sleep-
But whereye'r. we may journey, still pur
'. bubbles ; bright; we j bib w,
Smiling, at their fragil« x splen*dor, slghlris
,v; of t to ' see ; them go; >
And forever we "are Jearning life's great
. ; lesson,: e'er, rehearsed, . .
Thatlthe one of sheen : the brightest often
is -the ' first to . bursL'
There's .the t airy,; fairy bubble known as
Fame." In youth's .bright dawn
We behold : it: dancing o'er us. Comes a
T : breath, , arid— it is gone! . \u25a0 ,
There's Wealth's 1 bubble iridescent,' of a
r '.-\u25a0-: sheen -that few resist; •
Even as: we'd gra;p its glory, lo! it melts
'\u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0'-..-: ?iway..in -mist. . i ;: •
Youthful-; love and youthful dreaming—
happier we than we, may. know
If their, dancing, 1 glancing graces do not
'. l<ke a vapor go. '/ ; .
Every ;dreamer has his yis!ons, hope-en
:- gendered, fancy-nursed, \v.
And the one" pf sheen the brightest often
is" the first to burst.
Ajv we -mortals/ oft are bubbles floating
through the spaces^wide.
Sheen and; splendor in appearance—most
\: : ly -vacuum inside. ,.-. \u25a0 '
Here's a favored, ,f a\-ored fellow. Just
: \ '.\u25a0 *\u25a0] observe ; his diamonds flash,
Andyhis: style's a; proclamation, "Notice
ffc. V'fhow- 1 cut a dash!" ': :,
Draw xpii'. closer to the chappie, all his
inner worth" to find.
And fryou'll : note ; his composition—one
\u25a0\u25a0:...] tenths sheen and nine-tenths wind.
Merely, ; as -;^an illustration "of the fact I
. '-mentioned first.' . .
That the bubble shining brightest often is
the soonest burst.
You have sometimes thought, , I doubt
'not, that a pregnant thought you
had, , . :
Something graver than a motion, some
, thing deeper than a fad, -^
And you strove that thought to grapple
and to place it in your yoke.
But you found the "effort fruitless— 'twas
; a bubble, and it broke ; .
Arid I hereby , make confession that my
.. case is* much the. same;
I have seen iaea3,surging, but I couldn't
, cage'; the game; -
And, in ":; fact.^thls little anthem proves
. that I am thus accursed;
For I mearit'to fly a ;thoughtlet— 'twas a
bubble, and 'it burst! • .
PROBABLYi APROPOS ; OF. NOTHING.
•': I'X see i that some "\ of theVpieat \ packers
who violated the interstate commerce. law
have been ; fined '.' from -55000 " to $10,000
apiece." *" , r
'•Yes, I noticed j it."..f;spg|!|
\ "And it. is aaid tthawt w they feel very
much hurt-V , ; " , .
"Naturally." .-/.-*
"Ever see my, five-year-old when he's
been "naughty, and his" mother gets after
him?"
"Don't know, as I have."
"Well, she takes him across her knee
and delivers some taps on hishome base
that wouldn't; hurt' the -feelings of a ma
rauding, mosquito.' .'But; he , yells! My,
doesn't he yell! You would. think he .was
being killed. And. after she* gets done
fondling him she says, .'There! I hope
thisf will 'serve a3 a warning. to you." I
reckon it might' if he ever, was able tD
notice that anything in particular had
taken Ulace.^V
;VYes,but what has this to do with the
meat packers', fines ?',' \u0084 -
Sli'Oh," nothing;.: nothing, in particular. .. I
just ; happened' to mention the boy and his
ma, i that . was all. ! Prpbably that is all
there is to improbably :"it is."
"/.'Do; you -believe, in ; affinities In love?" _
:/'Of : course ; ;bu t . I notice : that , ths kindly
fates^ usually; \u25a0 arrange i that.- they live on
'the: samel section' of- land.";::*;
"Was it-love' at : first sight ? V.>;
- they thought so,, but later ob-'
servation3 proved that the sight .was
considerably twisted.". .
, .V.QUEEH LITTLE MAID.
There was a maid said: ' "I'm afraid
.\ Of horrid Charlie, Blls.c" .. V
He looks 'at me': so wistfully \u25a0
I'm".sure;he wants a kiss; I -:-\u25a0'_ .;
And," oh. itimakee me.so;afraid!"
.Remarked" that charming little maid.
'And so that maid so sore afraid
%~ ; Looked. coy^ at = Charlie—so— * -.. .
Ap if ; to say,' ."Don't come my way;
:. That is— well— l l don' l l know."
You seei ; sne was.so. so much .a fraid,
This very charming Uttlfe maid.
Some time. ha3' pa3t, and they at last ."•
..Trot jointly,. as it were.
And ; no , oho ; knows, ' bii t - 1 : suppose
/Sometimes he kisses her; • ;.
1 \ fancy, she is les3 afraid
Than; once she was,:; the little maid.
I have no art a woman's heart v
To fathom land expound, .
But this <:ase shows, '•_: beneath the rose,
..The key to it is found
'In this brief rule: Ifjshe's afraid, -•;;
Why,- then's the t.irne!to catch the maid.
MAXIMS THAT MIGHT BE -
-AMENDED. '
.Procrastination 'is^ the thief of . time
but the man who leaped before he ; looked
doesn't: believe tit." , ':. .''.•; .
;'_-Mighf; makes, right--but tho : burglar's <
jimmy ' didn't "keep him out ; of 'prison'. .' '
" r y. Beauty unadorned ; ls ; adorned tho.' most !
men believe It* after .a season
atithe seashore. '. _^. ,:, . ,'\ . /..
' Jvidge;hot ;that ye. be;not Judged-^-but
you ; need C not ? cease \u25a0'_ electing V judges on
that : account ; : they; aometirnes prove to be .
useful.? ;; ' ; t
*: A : fool and hlsc money " are soon parted-^
but the l fact does . not .'differentiate J him
from, a' wise man, for the latter holds 'his
money -6nl>va' few. years. at most. , ;
~i Charity sbegins5 begins at: home^-but \u25a0 some peo
ple Jarej mistaken * In- thlnldng ? there is a
law compelling ' itio\ stay there. \u25a0 '•
A little-bit of sunshine and. a little bitof
"* : . rain, ". : . .." ; " -\u25a0 '
: Ai little. bit^ of pleasure and a little bit 'of
iv pain/ '.' '-;\u25a0\u25a0 ':.\u25a0\u25a0 '-,\u25a0' V *:; '....- - - • -\u0084'-'
A -little joy or;: sadness in a glad lor
. troubled breast, • ' .:.. ; ;.:
I'And-.then.fto fend J the .little things,, the
*' •. "long," unbroken is rest. .
\u0084. l Olduri- r PerBevere,.my boy; ; persevere;
there's one. Lway. to accomplish
your/ purposeT; and that' is: '"Stick. to it."
:;; Youngun— But ~i~x '\u25a0 suppose - } t-~t -~ your;- ,~ pur
poseiisjtot remove] a iBhe.et. of J fly. paper
that \u25a0 you' veVsat: do wnv upon unthinking-*
ly?— Philadelphia' Pres3.*^9teBjßHHßteri[
PEOPLE IN THE PUBLIC EYE
M. Witte, principal Russian delegate
to the peace conference, first attracted
attention by "acts \of disobedience. He
/was" a station master in "Southern Rus
sia at the time of the "war with Tur
key^;; In that campaign Russia's posi
tion in the field .was jeopardized by the
lack of .reinforcements resulting, from
official incompetence, causing conges
tion of; the whole railway lines. M.
Witte disobeyed, the insane instructions
of his superiors, 'straightened 'things
out and rushed through trains laden
with troops, leaving on sidings special
trains occupied by fussy autocrats who
had been to blame for the delay. There
was' a big row, but the station master's
policy was upheld, hij initiative was
kept in mind and in course of time he
became manager of the Southeast Rail
way, director of Russia's railways. Min
ister of ways of communication,' Mi
nister of Finance and later the Imperial
Chancellor. -
y The Duke of Abruzzl is clearly of the
opinion that the old proverb, "He who
is born to be hanged will never ba
drowned," is correct in .theory if not In
literal application. The Duke has been
flirting with death ever since he at
tained his majority and apparently
bears a charmed life, since he has suf
fered on 111 effects from his. various dar
ing adventures. He has been in various
automobile accidents, in the most seri
ous of which ho was thrown thirty feet
over a hedge and yet was not even seri
ously injured. He has indulged a fad
for Arctic being compelled
to abandon his ship, which was caught
in the ice pack oft Prince Rudolph
Island. He has made innumerable
ascents in a balloon, is noted as o^ne of
the most daring Alpine climbers in Eu
rope and now he purposes tempting
fate by hunting big game in Central
Africa.
. Miss Fannie Weeks, the Treasury
clerk, who was killed a few days ago
by falling into a geyser in Yello\*stone
Park, left a'will with these curious di
rections: "The casket shall not cost
over $75. Interment shall be at Rock
Creek Cemetery, on high ground, in full
sunshine. My grave shall be lined, bot
tom anil sides, with granite blocks not
less than one foot thick. A granite
monument shall be placed at my grave.
It shall not cost more than $S0 and
shall bear the following? inscription:
•Miss Fannie JfcyWeeks. Died, such a
date. "He giveth his beloved sleep." '
My funeral shall be held from the New
York Avenue Presbyterian Church. The
ANSWERS TO Q UERIES
BLAKE— Subscriber, City. Maurice C.
Blake was Mayor of San Francisco from
December 5. 1881. until January 8, ISB3.
KALAKAUA— Subscriber. City. King
David Kalakaua of the Hawaiian Islands
died in: San Francisco of Brighfs disease
January 20, IS&L ,
INDEBTEDNESS— W. R.. Miller. Cal.
The bonded Indebtedness of.. the -city
and county of San Francisco at this
time is 54,245,100.
TWO STEAMERS— J. U. Jamestown.
Cal. The tonnage of the steamer Dakota
is, gross 21,000 tons, net 13,305. That of
the Minnesota is, gross 20,713 tons, net
13.323.
LETTER CARRIERS— A. S., City.
Any one-desiring to become a letter
carrier in the Postoffice Department
must take the civil service examination,
irrespective of; the fact that the appli
cant has served as a special messenger.
IRISH LANGUAGE— Subscriber, City.
The Irish is not "a dead language In
Ireland." The census of 1901 shows
that the number of people returned as
speaking only. Irish was 38,192 and
speaking Irish and English 697145.
MONEY IN BANK— Subscriber. City.
This department does not advise any
cne how to invest money nor advise
in what bank to deposit money. . If
you desire to know the standing of the
various banks doing business in this
city make Inquiry at the office of tha
Bank Commissioners.
NATIONALITY AND CITIZENSHIP—
W. 8., City. There i 3 a difference be
tween nationality and citizenship.- A
child is a native of the country in. which
born; on attaining majority >the indi
vidual may elect to become a citizen of
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
NECESSARY.'
* Mrs.. Kdyne-r Doctor. I desire to
spend next winter in Florida.
Doctor Wise-^Certainly, madam.
Have you selected your disease
yet?
- \ . . /'
SECRETS. ;
\u25a0. She— They tve, been secretly cn
• gaged f or^ nearljt a year.
I :He^How t do youknow?
. : .Why; -. she •' told "almost every-,
; body.^/ ; .
Order of tho Eastern Star shall officiate.
Mr. "Wright in O street, Northwest, shall
be the undertaker." '^
Senator Foraker of Ohio holds that,
while no-- good American -will 11« for
revenue only, except to the Assessor.
we all lie a little, no matter how truth
ful we consider ourselves.' "For*ln
stance." says the Senator, "1 know an
author who writes bang-up books,, and
everybody knows it, but he has often
told me that.be writes wretched stuff,
and (hat Brown and Smith and Robin
son are twice as clever as he Is. Now.
he doesn't believe a word of that He
really believes that he can write any
man living clean out of sight, and
whenever any critic finds fault with his
work he gets everlastingly riled and
swears that the critic is a prejudiced
ass- He is as truthful as any man that
ever lived, yet he will lie about him
self."
At a meeting of the General Synod la
Quebec all the members stood up while
Archbishop Mathewson of Ruperts Land
congratulated Archbishop Bond of
Montreal in their name upon the ar
rival of hia ninetieth birthday. The
venerable primate was greatly moved.
After a few words of thanks and a
reference to the day, sixty-flye years
ago, when he knelt with two other
young men in that very city and felt
the hands of the late Bishop Mountain
laid on his head In ordination, he turned
to the prolocutor. "Pray for me,** ha
said. , •
Possibility that the Japanese army
might mutiny because peace had been
declared recalls an Incident of tho
Franco- Prussian war. After th« battla
of Sedan and the surrender of tha
French Emperor . with 84.000 troops,
next day many European newspapers
thought that France had been humbled
sufficiently. At a council of war Crown
Prince ' Frederick suggested to Yon
Moltke that perhaps It were better to
call a halt. The great strategist lis
tened In silence, but when pressed for a
reply said grimly to Emperor William,
!'Slre, I must blood my hounds," and »o
the war went on.
'' It Is rumored in New York that John
W. Gates Is to be financial backer for
Chafes E. Burnell. a young turfman.
who Tias been purchasing a string of
yearlings. His closest friends do not
credit the report, but th« rumor will
not down. There Is no doubt that goaa
wealthy man is backing DumoU to a
handsome extent.
any country. A child born to American
parents, say while traveling through
China or while the father was in the ser
vice of the United States and residing In
China, would be a native of China, but
by reason of the fact that such child
wa3 born to American parents who had
not become citizens of that country it
would be an American citizen. Citizen
ship may be changed at win, but nation
ality, never.
CAT WITH FlTS— Subscriber. City. A
correspondent writing to this department
gives the following as a method of treat
ing a cat with fits: "To brlns a Maltese
or other domestic cat out of a fit without
mutilating it In any way. give half-tea
spoonful doses of salt dissolved in tepid
water: put wet salt upon th* tongue, re
peat two or three times if necessary;
shelter the animal from cold and draft;
give a comfortable bed *ln a dark, quiet
place. If this does not bring about tha
desired result apply a flannel wrung out
in warm alcohol or whisky to tha abdo
men and cover carefully. You will prob
ably soon hear the animal purring In re
lief and a long sleep will follow. To
prevent a repetition of the fits avoid
startling or worrying the animal. Give it
a variety of simple food, no tough or
stringy or raw meat; never give the ani
mal meat wfth a milk diet or allow it to
lie with its^ead toward the flre. If the
fit is the result of a bltft or sting consult
a veterinary surgeon."
81 Fourth 9t. (front birber), best eyeglasses;
specs, 20c-50c; oth»r atorw, <2 SO-3 SO. •
Townsend's California Glaco Fruits, In. -
axtls t ic Hre-etched boxes. New stora now
open. 767 Market street. •
Special Information supplied ; dally to
business houses and public' men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Mala 1013. • .
A PLUTOCRAT.
Inkwell , (to , Paper knife)— S««!
There goes that" rich jyoung Mr.
Fountain Pen. I saw him slgu a
check for $50,000 this morning.
THE DIFKEREXCB.
\u25a0MBlf — "twll '~l^' ' WWM ' i iij W>W I IBM— lJiii"^*"*™ 1 "!
The ; Judge— No, my conscience
doesn't "- hurt me ..when ,1 give a
. man a life sentence." If J*mvBU re
of 'his 'guilt." But I suppose 'yours
does? ; - f.^S^VKSBBOS^y i • . : -:\u25a0
The Preacher— How do you mean?
The Judge-^Wh}v you sentence
-~. many > innocent ; men i for • life and
then collect a fee for doing Jt. :WOMEN OF SOUTHLAND
FOREGATHER HERE.
PALACE THEIR RENDEZVOUS
Daughters of Confederacy to Hold Their
j\ationai Convention.
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
>~W*U «\, ~- Jo. ,
"Hero's to the Daughters of Dixie, our
rufistsl" is toast cf the week, and Dixie's
in the air.
To-day the Daughters of the South, with
their bonny maids and their stalwart
tires and sons, are gathered In the City-)
t>y-the-Golden Gate for the first time in
the official history of the organization of
the Daughter* of the Confederacy. And
.the Palace Hotel is their official rendez
vous, where every Southron is registered,
and rr.ay be found this morning for a
brief chat— brief, because there are
things to <io to-<*ay. for to-morrow the
drop of the gavel will call to order the
annual national convention of the Daugh
j rers of ihe South, and for v time prosy
\u25a0 rus;r»ess will supplant pleasure.
* Ar.d thus for a week will the allur
tr.g accents of the South, eVeet-tone.l and
mellifluous, be heard in the land — to
which I commend my townswomen.
As for the Albert Sidney Johnston
\u25a0 Chapter — which is the host for the en
tire convention, through the invitation of
Mrs. Alfred Hunter Voorhies-Tt hasn't
Been !ts family for weeks, so say the
men folk.
• There have been a thousand little de
tails to arrange that In the preliminary
arrangement were overlooked. And these
are the women who are handling the
affair like can?a:ra veterans: Mrs. A.
H. Voorhies, president:' Mrs. Ynez Shorb
White. Mrs. A. W.« Foster. Mrs. J. H.
Churchill. Mrs. George Theobald, Mrs.
John Prior and Miss Xanny Speele. Be
sides the officers heavy duties are de
volving upon Mrs. Eugene Grace, the
treasurer of the Charity Ball, and Mrs.
William Gwin and Mrs*. X. B. Rldeout.
who are up to their eyes in the work
ci their committees.
The following ladies constitute the
delegates to the convention from the
chapter: Mr*. Inez Shcrb White, Mrs.
L. U. Fletcher. Mrs. N. B. Rideout, Mrs.
Eugt?ne B. Grace. Mrs. J. C. Sims. Mrs.
Ruth Hafcer. Mrs. J. W. Wright. Mrs.
J. C. Harris, Mrs. Cal Newton, Mrs. X.
T. Cole. Mrs. Hervey Darneal, Mrs. S*.
J. Churchill, Mrs. Blach. Mrs. J. B. Tal-
Lant, Miss Elsie Pritcbard.
The Jefferson Davis Chapter, likewise
a San Francisco chapter, will entertain
the visting hosts on Thursday at the St.
Franris. and thereby hangs a tale: The
J^.'^'n and the State — even far-off St. Louis
. — .rriow cf the "*misu:icerEtandins" be
tween this chapter and the Albert Sidney
Johnston. -* Weil, It has taken this fore
gathering to lure the warring factions
t gether, arid behold, the white dove
perches over the Palace and will spread
r.s wings oner the official gathering.
And it ell came about by the Jefferson
luvii petitioning in pretty fashion the
A-bert Sidney Johnston ladies to grant
ih^-m the privilege of entertaining the
visiting delegates and friends on Thurs
j3i\. H*-ie was the chance of the parent
Chapter to har.g out the flag of peace,
and it did— by graciously acceding to the
rt-cjuest, although the programme for that
day had bet-n made up for weeks. And
tJjiis they buried the hammer under the
oiiw tree for keei>s.
• • •
To-morrow the new home of the Cali-
Xoraia Club, the first. woman's clubhouse
in Northern California (so far as I know),
frill throw open its doors to its members.
And whatever the lukewarraness of their
attitude during "the gray days of the
horse's conception, there Is a general hal
itlujah chorus now abroad in the club at
ihe results — and the exemplification that
nothing succeeds like success.
The devotion of Mrs. Aylett R. Cotton
and Mrs. R. I. Whelan to the building of
the clubhouse (under authorization from
the board of directors) is really phenom
enal, for it was an early bird of a con
tractor who got to the building In the
mornings ahead of these women.
The fact that the architect aud the
son.tractc>r are not now candidates for
A lie foolish factory is explained in the
' tr,ove parenthetic phrase.
Since the inception cf the clubhouse,
three years ago. a building committee of
fifteen has ostensibly directed affairs;
but fancy fifteen Bremen building even a
henhouse. Each of those fifteen women
had her own well-defined, dyed and
Ktazcped opinions about how clubhouses
chould be built, and — well, if the board
fca-dn't wisely Etepped in and granted
executive power to the president of the
club and the chairman of the building
committee— both women of balance— the
clubhouse would still be a rosy vision in
the eaaethyst air.
As it is, one cf the finest clubhouses
in the country star.ds completed— yes, and
furnished. It Is symbolic in its outward
simplicity of the club's high Ideals.
Within It is artistic utilitarian and a
Joyous reservoir of sunshine.
Thus, when the members foregather in
their pretty frocks to-morrow for mu
tual felicitations,, they will, in small
n-easure, appreciate the love-labor of the
women who crystallized dreams Into the
beautiful home.- As for Mrs. E. P. Schell,
chairman of the furnishing committee,
urJiinited credit Is due, as by clever
manipulation the furniture, was already
pecked to hustle it out to the home as
coon as the tradesmen withdrew.
Owing to a delay in the mails many
members have failed to receive their new
e*!endars containing their cards of ad
trisslon to the big- reception on Thurs-
night. Don't worry. All you need
Is to hunt up the secretary to-morrow
et the clubhouse and you will get your
card if It hasn't elready arrived, and
you may get out your jfretty ' frocks for
Thursday night without misgivings. On
that night will the women display to a
chaffing world what women can do all
fey themselves— although were I to take
you into my confidence, which, of course,
I wouldn't, I \u25a0 would say that masculine
advice was. sometimes sought for and—
' followed. VwSSS
On- this point Judge Aylett R. Cotton
«nd E. P. Scheel and Richard L Whelan
might throw some light.
• • • |
On Thursday afternoon— which date Is
unfortunately overshadowed by the big
cvr nt 1n the evening— one of the most im
portant and Interesting programmes of j
the year •will be given, under the direc
tion of the literary and dramatic section,
Mrs. Will A. Maddern chairman. •
George Bernard Shaw% "Man and Su- ,
perrafcn,** ,his latest revolutionary sociaJ j
POSTUM^ XEREAL.
Athletes j
shun Coffee and Tea |
\vh;n training, and use S
FOOD COFFEE. |
Could you use a littfc [«
strength to advantage? |
diama, will be dissected, first by Mrs.
Maddern, who Is skilled in dramaturgy,
and by Mrs. J. W. Orr. whose wit and
philosophy will be heard through the me
dium of a paper— but why a paper? Some
of the <cleveresi things to Mrs. Orr*s
credit in the club were impromptu.
Besides the discussions. Miss Ruth Al
len and Beatrice Bromtteld of the Alcazar
company will give selected readings.
For such a programme, rich in original
lines, it should draw heavily. And all the
club members are welcome.
Mrs. James C. Crawford is a mighty
force in the activities of this section, and
much clever work is looked for from it
during the year.
The Daughters of Pioneers are working
away merrily upon their ••landmarks"
night on the 24th, to take place, appro
priately, at Pioneer Hall.
! An illustrated lecture upon the historic
landmarks of California by Congressman
Joseph R. Knowland is but one of the
allurements offered. And there are hints
of card parties, a Turkish booth, dancing.
etc, the details of which are not fully
developed.
Tickets (50 cents) are already on sale,
the proceeds to go to the California His
torical Landmarks League, that the pa
triotic work carried on by that body -may
be continued— the roofing of Mission San
Antonio de Padua in particular.
The Corona Club, under the direction of
the chairman of the programme commit
j tee. Mrs. E. D. Knight, will take up for
I its fall course of study "Prominent Amer
icans." both men and women. The meet
ing held on^Thursday, September 14, was
devoted to John Hay, America's great
diplomat and Secretary of State, follow
ing upon "Current Events." Mrs. W. A.
Johnston presented two interesting pa
pers, one upon the discovery, and excava
tion of an old Roman city near Chester,
England, and the other about the new tel
escope, larger than the one at Lick Ob
servatory, to be placed in the observatory
at Mount Wilson, California. Mrs. T. L.
Eeaton told of the fortitude of Japanese
women during the war. An able and in-
Interesting paper on "The Life and Works
of John Hay" was given by Mrs. W. A.
RuthrauiT. followed by selections from
John Hay's poems by Miss Hettle Corlett.
Anecdotes and quotations apropos to the
subject were given by Mrs. 7 E. L. Peltret,
Mrs. J. H. Bullock. Miss Partridge. Mrs.
E. F. Treadwell, Mrs. A. R. McCullough
and Mrs. B. R. Keith. The music of the
afternoon consisted of the rendition of a
hymn of John Hay's by Mrs. Emma
Casey, and a vocal solo by Miss Ella
Walsh.
On Thursday. September 28, the Corona
Club gave a reception to new members,
being a social afternoon for members
only. The president, Mrs. Frances Cobb.
presided, ana" the entire afternoon's most
delightful entertainment was furnished by
the director and* students of the Jenne
Morrow Long College of Voice and Drar
matic Acting.
At the conclusion of the play Mrs.
Jenne Morrow Long recitea "An Alaskan
Vision," a beautiful word picture of the
aurora borealis. During the afternoon
6everal vocal solos were rendered by Miss
Clara Galloway, Alfred Wllkie at the
piano.
On Wednesday the Forum Club will
busy itself with its usual "good fellow"
luncheon. Mrs. J. R. Hannlfy will spirit
ualize the feast with a crop of original
poems. But why tempt dyspepsia by dal
lying with original verse after a good
luncheon?
The Clionian Clulj held Its regular
Tuesday meeting on September 26 in the
California Club building on Clay street.
Papers on Germany were read by Mrs.
W. A. Cooper, Mrs. Samuel P. Bartley
and Miss M. Bigelow.
The first lecture of the year will be
given on October 10. Rev. W. K. Guthrie
will epeak on "Martin Luther and the
Reformation." A large attendance Is ex
pected by the members and their friends.
The Mills Club will meet at Sorosis
Hall on October 10 to celebrate a Cali
fornia day, to be devoted to a discussion
of the State's dramatic history.
A talk will be given upon "Mission
Dolores-Its Rise and Its Fall," which
will be rather apropos, inasmuch as the
previous day, the 9th, marked the one
hundred and twenty-ninth anniversary of
the Mission's founding.
BEATEN AND SOBBED
BY THUGS IN CHICO
Henry Wilson Struck on
the Head Near the Nor
mal School.
Special Elrpatch to The Call.
CHICO, Oct. I.— Henry AVilson, a resi
dent of Chlco, was held up to-night by
a couple of thugs and badly beaten about
the head and shoulders. The robbery took
place near the NoVmal School early in
the evening. * ; ;;
Wilson was » walking along when two
men suddenly, attacked him, hitting him
on the back of the heae, xnocklng him
to the ground. After striking him sev
eral times more the thugs relieved their
victim of ?30.
DO YOU KNOW THE3IT
WTicn you go to the Lewis and Clark
Exposition don't fail to visit the- Mel
lin s Food booth in the Agriculture
Xid «r. Hundreds of life-like pictures of
real Mellln's Food babies. Perhaps there
are some there with whom you are ac
quainted. There are 20 special pictures
of particular Interest; ask about them.
You will be interested. \u25a0 •
ULRICII COMPANY FACBS
BAXKRUPTCV PROCEEDINGS
Dectafon Reached at a .Meet lns; of the
\u25a0 Creditors Held In San
Jose.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 1. — Creditors of the
attached firm of.F. Ulrlch &, Co. held
a meeting in this city late Saturday,
when it was decided to force the firm
Into bankruptcy. : Daniel' Meyer of the
firm of Daniel Meyer & Co., one of the
assignees, " is .in possession of a i deed
to the land • and packlhg-hou se belong-"
ins to, the attached firm. .which he holds
as security for money loaned. His re
fusal to turn it over to the^credltors
led to their decision to force bank
ruptcy proceedings. The liabilities of
the arm are ; given as $73,000/ with
assets at $62,000. . •
WOMAN BADLY BUnKED, /
BY." AX. EXPLODING LAMP
Miss EHiabelh Pojrne nt Sauta Clara
So Scrlonsly Injare-d That She
3laj-J Not . Survive. " \ '
SAN JOSE, Octf i:-rMis? Elisabeth
Pogue oL^San ta j Clara \u25a0 may ' die > a§ \ the
result; of ' burns by the explo
sion of a coal oil lamp, which fell-. from
iier hands as she was ascending a stair
way.
r THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, MONDAY. OCTOBER: 2,:19b5.".
CHIEFLY HOUSE PARTIES
ENGAGE THE SOCIETY FOLK
Dearth of News of Weddings
Prospect Is Bright
for the Future,
However.
rp 1 A AT
Travelers Are Now
Turning Ways
Homeward
House parties- are leading the social
world, many small affairs having oc
curred during the week. Weddings
have been secondary matters, though
with three or four new announcements,
several will soon follow.
"The traveling world still Is m evi
dence and many upon extended tour*
are turning homeward.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Goldberg announce
the engagement of > their daughter
Sophie to Samuel WeUfield of Seattle.
A reception will be held Wednesday,
October 11. at 2716 Pine street.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Ida E. Bechtel of Oakland and
William W. Iveller' .-.of this city. Miss
Bechtel has been attending the Uni
versity of, California, while Mr. Keller
is manager of the firm of Radke &
Co. "Their wedding will shortly take
place.
WEDDINGS.
Miss Viola Lambert and G. F. Fields
were Quietly married in Oakland last
week, and after a short stay In San
Francisco will go East. -
Miss Mamie Mann and Manuel E.
Reab were married last Sunday, Sep
tember 24, by Rev. Father Prender
gast. ,
HOME PARTIES.
Mr. and Mre. H. Neileon of : Novato
celebrated their silver wedding anni
versary September 17 at the Heights.
More than 100 friends from S£n. Fran
cisco, San Rafael, Petaluma, Belve
dere, California City • and the home
town gathered to offer congratula
tion. A number of congratulatory
telegrams from distant friends were
received.
Rev. Robert Crlchton retied the nup
tial knot and by the side of the happy
couple stood Mr. Otten and Miss Laura*
Stark, who had performed the part of
best man and bridesmaid twenty-five
years ago. The guests were escorted
to the bridal feast, tables spread un
der a grand old oak. Dr.. Kuser
proved a worthy toastmaster.
Supervisor Pacheco, assisted by his
son, Tom Pacheco, presided over the
barbecue, Mr. Jensen of San Francisco
providing many happy speeches. The
spacious home, artistically decorated
with greens and silver trimmings, the
handiwork of Mr. Earhart of San
Francisco, was wholly at the disposal
of the guests, many of, whom were
lured by the strains of the orchestra
to the drawing rooms and reception
hall, the floors of which were can
vased for dancing. Several vocal . se
lections by Mr. and ' Mrs. Staude of San
Francisco were also . enjoyed. Many
beautiful gifts to Mr. and Mrs. NeSlson
were on display.
Miss Irene Bless er was hostess at an
at-home on the evening , of . September 23,
In honor of her birthday. Music was a
feature of the evening's entertainment
and toasts were offered at supper, mak
ing the affair a very pleasant one. The
guests included Mr. and Mrs. R. Daniels,
Mr. and Mrs. . C. Blesser. Mr. and Mrs.
W. Miller, the Misses Eana and Irene
Blesser, G. ElVJcott, G. McKillope, Miss
Lucy Lamey, Miss Gussle Wolters, Miss
Gertrude Barrett, E. Piser, F. Ommert,
Miss Frida Husing. Mr. -Semineriel, Miss
Gertrude Ommert, Miss Viola Blesser and
F. Lamey.
Mrs. J. B. Harries entertained thirty
guests at her home in Mil: j Valley, Sep
tember 23, at a 800 party, and during
the progress of the - affair Mrs". Har
ries announced . the engagement •of her
daughter, Fanny, to Harold S. Cottle of
thiß city. j
Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Wolpman enter
tained at their home, 3322 Twenty-second
street, last Friday afternoon' in honor of
Miss Dorothea Joost. : The afternoon was
devoted to card playing, the house being
attractively decorated: . in green ; boughs
and palms. In addition to the . pleasure
of the game, the announcement was
made . of Mis 3 Metta Wolpman's engage
ment to James R. Williamson and. good
wishes were offered by the : following
guests:
Mrs. Louis Springer, Mrs. J. -Claude
Pern*. Misses Jeanette , "Wren, Sue B.
Logan, Olivlne Plant, TllHe and Freda
Joost, Stella and Laura "Meyer, ; Elsie
Geilfuss, Gertrude. Springer, Annie' Lur
men, Lydla and Veronica Miller, Elsie
Singstaok, Margaret and Isabella , Wili
liamson Ellso Jacobs, . Emma Congdon,
Janet Norton, Miriam Katz, Freda Hen
nlngs, Maude Doiwllng, . Rattle Ferguson,
Olga Westerfeldt, Edna Thode, Mltta and
Barbara Wolpman.
Mrs. Louis Goodman was hostess at a
pleasant afternoon affair at her home on
Larkln and Jackson streets last , week.
Mrs. Rose \u25a0 Goodman was this - guest of
honor, the following being bidden to meet
her: Misses Valeric Tuska, Alma Davis,
Alma Hof man, Pauline Rothschild,, Selma
Green, Isabelle Sloes, Claire Branden
steln, Irma Stein, Bessie Goodman, Hazel
Mayer, \u25a0 Adeline , Kohberg, Tessie Good
man, Erna \ Steindorff , Estelle Coblentz,.
Roso Goodman, Lottie -de \ Martini, Belle.
Gans and Anne Goodman.:;.' :} :\u25a0. \u25a0:\u25a0_'.\u25a0
'Mr., and Mrs. A. Glos 'celebrated the
twentieth anniversary of their wedding at
their/ home on : Fourth avenue , last week.
Twenty-five guests , called ;to ' offer con
gratulation, and the evening j was I merrily
passed with , toasts .of prosperity : for,, the
couple. Mr. and Mrs. Glos have recently;
moved ; In their new home; which : was
prettily . decorated for •' the - occasion ; : In
greens and. flowers. \u25a0
CLUB PARTIES.
The.TJno Club will, hold the first dance
of the season on. Friday evening, October
13, in. Golden Gato Hall." '\u25a0-!\u25a0 . ; 1 V
Mrs. J. Guhzburger ', will be at home on
Mondays. at 1907' Sutter street:;
: The : Business "t Club , of }', San
Francisco ; gave. another -very enjoyable
danco at Bed Men's Hal},-on;,Golden Gate
avenue, last Wednesday, evening.
I'EKSON-ALS.
The following. San Franciscans are reg
istered . at' HotelVdel,Coronado: ;Mr. and
Mrs. Edward Sufort,; Mr. and ; Mrs. R.G.-
Hanford, Harry R. Siinpktns* and' A. O.
Grover. '-.\u25a0'" z\ ;. ' . •/.-..-\u25a0 ; . .'•\u25a0- - ; /..':. ..\u25a0\u25a0 {;
Mrs/ J. E. Slinkey, ;who nas-been on a
four * months', visit '\u25a0 to "Chicago^ and ; Mil
waukee, is ' at home and .willf spend \u25a0- the
winter \ at : the \ Rio 'Grande: j-v-. ; . .; .
Jules Clerf ay t and • Count ; Emmanuel de
Mai Insky ; of : Poland % are : spe ndlng r a • few
days;at\Coronado I rßeach.. ; ji ;>.;,. ' ' .. \u0084
Mr. ' and . Mrs. •E. "A. . Groezinger.v Mrs: 1
W.TBecker and - Miss ; Edna" Becker I are at
home, af ter * a T ; four I weeksVi trip J through
Yellowstone : Park and - the '; Northwest. ;;>
' Miss ' Marie \u25a0 Fchnell 'ii Donahue> : arrived
bom* last week -from - a tnre« months'
tour of the Eaatern r States.
John Haiden 1« " enjoying en outing at
Bartlett' Springs. "TV : ; '. ' -V' 7 •
:;Mrs. J. H. Noah leaves to-day for
Portland to spend v a" month..
Mrs." L.. Dallmanrhaa ;. moored : from 1506
Leguna Btreet, to,- 1435^ Buchanan street,
where she vrlll receive.,; / - >^:
- Mr. and lira :.; .M; ' J. \u25a0; >'l Franklin • have
moved from 1782: 0'Farreli: street: to their
new home, 2071 Butter' street, where they
will receive. ' v* \u25a0 . :. - f '\u25a0-\u25a0
SYSTEM OEiFKEE -
PORTS FOB CANADA
Proposed Change Will Aflfect
BotlivVictoria^ and ' v
Vancouver; •
Special Dispatch' to The Call.
VICTpRIA. B. C, Oct.l.— The Govern
ment: of Canada proposes to inaugurate a
system of free ports" on both the Atlantic
and Pacific' seaboards",*-- the ..latter em
bracing Victoria and .Vancouver. g This
will relieve shipping entering and clearing
from here from all charges : to ;.; which at
is now subjected. The plan is for the
Government to take over;tne harbor and
its i management and - hire what • officers,
in the persons of pilots, snipping masters
and'wharfers, may be necessary, "those
men to be paid by the Government and
not" directly by the shipping ' using the
ports.
Vessels would then be "relieved of all
charges excepting a trifling fee." In short,
the harbors would be administered as the
canal system of the East is, ; the lock
tenders being paid by .the .Government,
and the boats passing through being re
quired to (pay only a nominal fee for
using these artificial waterways.
SMOOTH YOUNG SWINDLER - :
OPERATES IN HOLLISTER
Obtains a Thousand Sack* of Pb
tatoea From a Chinese .
Victim.
SAN JOSE. Oct. \l.— The authorities
here are* anxious to discover the where
abouts, of a smooth young: swindler,
who to his dupes In Hollister is'knowh
as F. .W. Buckley. The man success
fully worked several confidence games
among the merchants of Hollister.' .He
obtained a s thousand sacks of potatoes
from a Chinese. . •
STEAMSHIP EMPRESS OF JAPAN
DAMAGED BY THE TVPHOOX
Vessel Caught in the Recent : Storm
* Which Swept Over the "v
China Sea.>
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. I.— Advices
were received to-day from Shanghai
that the steamship Empress ;of "Japan
was severely buffeted in the typhoon
w'hlch occurred in the China Sea' at the
beginning of September. , The Empress
was damaged about .the deck and was
thirty-eight hours overdue when she
reached Shanghai from Nagasaki
Surly Negro Arrested.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 1. — A surly negro,
armed with mask and revolver, was
taken, into custody this. evening by the,
police. He is thought to be wanted in
Gilroy on five charges^ of burglary., ,
Many men are* sure they would get to
heaven If jmly they might aie in their
Sunday suits.
ADVEKTISEaLtIXTS.
JOYS OF MATERNITY
» WOMAN'S BKTJIOPES REALIZED
Mrs. Potts Telia How "Women. Should
Prepare for Motherhood "
The darkest days oi husband and
wife are when- they. come to. look, f orr
ward to childless and lonely. old age.
Many a wife Has found herself inca-
pable of motherhood owing ; to adis-
placement of the womb or .lack : of
strength' in the generative organs.
MrsAhnaPotts
Frequent backache and distressing
pains, accompanied .by offensive : dis-
charges and ; generally, by, irregular
and scanty menstruation indicate a dis-
placement A>i nerve degeneration '\u25a0 of
the womb arid surrounding organs. .:
The question that troubles .women
, is how can a woman who has 'some te-._t e-._
male trouble : bear healthy children?
Mrs. Anna Potts, of 510 Park Avenue,
Hot -Springs,' Ark., writes:; '. "
My Dear Mrs. Pinkliam:^
. : '' During the early part of my married life I
was delicate in heafta ;'both my husband and
I were r very anxious for a child to .blesa our
home, but I had two miscai-riages. and could
not carry a child to maturity.- "A neighbor,
who had been cured by I Lydia E r Pin kham's
Vegetable Compound advised me to try. It. i I .
did < so ; and \ soon felt that 1 3. was ; growing
stronger,' my headaches and . backaches left
me," I had no more bearing-down pains, and
felt \u25a0 liko " a^ now vroman .* . -Within \u25a0 a" year I
bficame the I mother of " a : strong,^ healthy
child, the joy/ of our h«me.V; Lydla E; Pink-
ham's "Vegetable' Compound is \u25a0 cfrtainly . a
splendid remedy, ; and I . wish every, woman
who wants to become a mother •would try it. V.
Actn al ''. stefili ty (.in woimanYis f.Tery.^
rare, flf aiiy.wonian thinks she is ster?"
'ile^let her ,tryi Lydia ;E.~-Pinkham's'
Vegetable Compound .and wri^e to Mrs. 1
PinkhamVsLynn; Mass^J Her; advice is
free to expectant or would-be mothers.'
PALACE
• .Compresed "Air. cleaning plant.. ;
Room : telephones.' '\u0084»" T.%V ..„
, Steam jfceatl and ; bnerv" fir'ea. •
;•; Perfect ';venttlation.;..- : •
'^ Pipe .orsan^and: orchestra. '
\u25a0"7 Perfect "serylce/.r- ;;-'.' V.
'.«. Unexcelled cuisine!
\u25a0;- :^'ery luxury attainable. '• \u25a0 .';'."
M.m y^r^iM \u25a0 v^"^^-^*^^ /V^ j^tf^.'^?*^\.
A man lets his sister see the
emotional affairs of girls and
women through a manY eyes.
The first letter appears in
PLadies^ Home Journal
1 5 Cents at All News-Stands
THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY, PHILADELPHIA
ADYERTISEMEXTS.
A Great
This 'Is ~a ; splendid Knife, with
finely tempered steel; blades and re-
inforced ends. Can't beat this «| Cf\
value for the money ;....;.. \u25a0 t f**.'* v
For easy sbavingr,' without danger
of.' cutting? the: face, nothing com-
pares, with a Safety Razor. _Get a
new style Star Safety Razor. Ci en
My price ................ *1.3W
I do Honing and Grinding
1 Honing 25c 1
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT lAN , PITTS
••\u25a0\u25a0': : F. \u25a0 "W. \u25a0 PITTS, The .Stationer;
1008 MARKET ST.. San FrancUco.
the"
LosiiJiacles Times
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICB
v ' ' IS NOW IN *'
Room 41, Chronicle Bldg.
Telephone Main 1471.
Arthur ' L. FlsbV Representative
\u25a0 The Times Is the advertlsinc
' medium of the Southwest.
"j^ \u25a0 \u25a0 n \u25a0 gftk Ammunition, Hunting aad
81l 111 1 Sporting Qocis. Larseat
\u25a0_\u25a0 llml'^k stock. Lowest prices. Send
1 1 1 1 111 «^ for catalogue.
U^Jla^^ SHREVE & BARBER CO.,
\u25a0.^^^r--.^*.:' 750 Market st., and 621
.. ... , Keaxny et.-. .".:\u25a0•; ;'.-
AA/.gr.HESS,
V Notary Public and " Attbrney-at-Law.
Tenth Floor. Room 1016, Claua Spreckela bid*.
\u25a0 Telephone Main 983. .
\u25a0"\u25a0* Realdence. 1802 McAllister it.
•> Residence , Telephone - Page 56*1.
.': * '\u25a0- \u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0/\u25a0: AMUSEMENTS.' .' \u25a0 "\u25a0 : '~ "'- - '\u25a0£ ' '\u0084 ' -
\u25a0;: . .... . , ..'.,.-..,..-\u25a0\u25a0•.. \u25a0a..j. i v"-:-; '\u25a0-\u25a0•:;•.::;:••
•- T g~\ \u25a0 rt '\u25a0\u25a0 A Tfc Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR -.'shfsr;
...-;, \u25a0 , \u25a0- . t:, •-\u25a0\u25a0'. -; Business Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MaU." Sat. and Bun. ."
\u25a0THE NEW/ ALCAZAR PLAYERS
- \u25a0• In a - massive ; production' of '
* \u25a0-',' Calne's Masterwork, ; -.
iffllliji
LUCIA MOORE I CHAKLES WALDRO.V
v- As Roma - [ "As Rossi .
MASCAGSrs ORIGINAL : : MTJSIC.7
Evgs., 25c to Tsc; Mat. Sat. Sun., 1 23c to , 500.
: v Next Monday-— The - Merry Farce, «
WHAT^ HAPPENED TO JONES.
:'." First" Time of , USSORAr KIRWIN.
; ; £. ReaDpearance '\u25a0 of : MARIE ; HOWE. £~':~
Market* Streetf: Near; Eighths 6pp. City Hall.
~" > : 7 r- ; _ ? Phone ; South ; 533.-
TO-NIGHT— ALL -WEEK.
-'Matinees: Saturday and Sunday.:.*. :.
Biz Scenic Production Vof The \u25a0 Famous . Melo-
-. \u25a0\u25a0.:•\u25a0\u25a0;-• \u25a0: * ~ ..drama,' "^
THE tICHTHOUSE
By? THE SEA,
-^ •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;' By Qwen; Davis. .
v.* Popular •\u25a0 Prlces^-Evenines, : 10 .to 50 r cental
MatineaJlO,"; 15,725 ;cent5. /
v Oct. v 9— VTHE ;,WHITECAPS." V By ;TOwen
Davla '::'\u25a0[ \u25a0 " .'/.r^Z:'/^-"':^-"'';:
N3SW\APTERTIsm^gT&
AMUSEMENTS.
GR^D OPERA
Ta-nleht Closed for R»h«»rsal.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
ILBARBIERB DI SIVIGLIA
With Tetrazztni.- Bazelll. Gregorettl. Dado.
".WEDNESDAY. NIGHT,
. MAXO.V LESCAUT .
With Coppola, Tlccl. Moreo.
' THURSDAT-NiaHT. S
' LATRAVUTAV
I : With Tetrazzlnl. BawUl.' Grsstw«ttL
FRIDAY NIGHT. V .
CATALUERIA and rPAGLIACCI
With Petrella. Tleei. AnylpletU. Ctoppels.
Salassa. XIor?o-
SATURDAY MATINEE & SUNDAY NIGHT.
LUCIA
With Tetraiilnl. Bazelll. Gr«*or«ttl.
SATURDAY NIGHT. '
BALI.O IX MASCHERA
. .With Petrella, Graaoe. Cassola, Moreo.
Gravina. D«do.
Repertolr* . for Next \u25a0, Week— Tuesday N!«ht
and £a.turday Mat.', "Sonambula." with Tetras-
s!ni. - Baselli. Gre*or«ttl: Wednesday Night.
"Cavallerta"* and "rPaifliaoci" : Thursday. - "II
Barbiere «J I Slvlf Ha": Friday Nl*ht. •'Otello."
with Petrella, Oraase. Anyloletti. Sal»»a.
SEATS ON SALE for ALL PERFORMANCES.
iyULUmSI A mm .msa
LAST 8 NIGHTS^-M AT. S ATTTRJ>AT.
CHARLES FROHMAN presents "
ETHEL
In her Greatest Success
"SUNDAY"
. By Thomas Race-ward.
BEGIXXIXG NEXT MO^TDAT.
ELEANOR ROBSON
In '"MERELY MARY ANN.".
Boeeial m*tlnee ' T^nrsday. Oct. 12..
• Miss Robson In "IN . A BALCONY.' 1
SBAT ' SALE OPENS
V* BUSH STREET ,fl
PHONE MAIN 127.
CHAS. P. ~ HALL. Manager. "
Now the Beauty irost !
. THIS • BVEJrCfG^ALL WTIEK.
: Matln««s * Tuesday. ~. Frldajr, 6aturday.
- --•_.:\u25a0•.-;\u25a0 . Sunday. " : - - \u25a0-• \u25a0
Harry ' William's Famous
?v l daa Ij Extra V aga nza G o. ' '
40 * People! 10 Vaudeville Sensations!
\u25a0 ' "" Popular Prtces^-Evenlnss. 15 . to 75
Cents; Matinees, 25 Cents. Resenrei
'Oct. fr— "Sam Devere's Own BurlesQae*
"„\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 , i Company.". : .\u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0 -"-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'
\u25a0 H.«W. BISHOP. Lesae« and Manager.
TO-NIGHT AXD ALL THIS WEEK.
Matinees Thursday. - Saturday and Sunday. .'
THE HEILLS IN MARIE CORELLI'S
THELMA
/ From. the Universally Read NoVet.
An Unrurpaaaed S^centc Production.
Xext — Barney -Bernard In "Humbug.""
.. Soon— VThe. Light -Eternal."- ,-; ' • . . i
\ : MISCELLANEOUS^^A^tUSEMEXTS.
ROLLER SKATING !
- A revival of . that } okUbne « soort will* take '
place at,' the. MECHANICS'; PAVILION.-; MON-
DAY f;EVENING.*TOctI-S2<l.' and; continue ;"* for
.five months,'; with, the exception of Oct. 11 and
Nov.* 6,' thow ( two dates I havtns be«o | reserved
for, other, occasions. BENNETT'S" BAND "will
furnish music "AFTERNOON and EVENING. •
AMUSEMENTS.
JaU 119&90Y5T. JftJCuSOV" MASON
»xt Tbqndnr and Friday Nlskts,
October 5 end A.
School Child mb'i Matinee, Friday
at 3^o.
THE HOINOLULU
ORCHESTRA and .GLEE CLUD
<Th« Orl*fc»t •\u25a0KAWAIAHAIT' Club).
;_ Popular Prtct«l
K-serv-d Seats ...30c and 20«
At Sherman. Clay & Co.'s. |
Extra! ti^ctreil fcsartrtt!
Monday and Thursday . Xlsrh t*. October
. . 0 aad IX \u25a0
Saturday Matinee. October 14.
TWO GREAT. VIOLtNISTS! •
HUGO HEERM ANN
Germany's Grtatast Classic Violinist.
- In Conjunction With His Son.
Emll H©€M-mann
FRED MAUREK.. ..;..-...-*. Accompanist
geaeoa Tickets $3 50. 12 25 tad lisa Bsaly
— \u25a0 To-Morroir.
Single Cpacerts, $1 30. Jl and 73c. Ready
* . rrWay; -
Box Offlc* Sherman. Clay & Cn.'», w«r» Com-
plete Programme* May .b« Obtained. *
: .-. Vv-- ConUa* — Week «f October 1«-
HAROLD BAUER.
Astonishing Attractions
Franj Ebert and Company j Carletoa
\u25a0 Slaey and Maurt Edna Hall; DUoa
and Holmes; Hal Merrltt; The- Spook
' HtnstrelMt Harry Canon Clarke and
Company* Genar* and Bailey, and
Prof. Alltnrl and "Petro. the Great.**
Regular. Matinee* Every Wedaesdiy. Thurs-
day. Eatordar and Sunday.
PRICES— IOc. 25c aa<) 80c-
GRAND 85512
MATIXEE SATtTRDAT THIS WEC K O?O.T.
HollU E. Cooley PressnU -
America's Greatest Play,
By Anrnstat Tnoisaa. j
ARIZONA
SPX*ENDII> PRODUCTION. .
CO CAVALRYMEN AXD 50 HORSZ&
Kext Sunday Matinee— "Tha Sultan of Sals.**
Stephen Fiizpatrick & Go.,
And a Splendid *how Evfrj- Altfrnnoa
, and r.vfnlnic In the Theater. ;
RIDE LV THE ORCLB SWI.XGI
SPECIAL FEATURE
THB GREAT ZARROW,
Sensational Cyell«t. LEAPIXG THE GAP
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADM15510N.. .....10c t CHILDREN 5o
See Misnon. the Pound and a Halt Baby.
ta the Intsart Uueuhator.
SEW APVERTISE-METTTS.
Britt-Nelsph Battle
MOfcT STUPENDOUS MOVINO . PICTURES.
Owlns to the irreat demand to see tUrn
contest. .Manaser Coltroth rrHI snow the
pictures nt the Alhambra Theater next
Treetc. WiclaßlnK Tuesday mittlaee. '
Orea.test Ctontest tae World Ha* E»tr Knawa.
_,Aji exhibition tbat yottr family. can te*.i.A<J-
mlJSlon-5Cc. . Gallery 25c No reserrtd ««at».
Afternoons at 3 Vclocft. Ereolnss at 9^3.
Weakjtten pti Women
SW^HOIiIi>"USES W^HOlili>"USE DAMiANA BITTERN, THJS
Gr»«»t M«x!cm Rtmedy; jlvm h*a!th an>l
KtrvQKtb to Mxual crsans. Depot. 323 Market.
WEEKLY GALL, SI PER YEAR
78
DON'T DEGI BE IT UNTIL YQU HAyg
- JOHX D. SPRECKEDS.... .Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN* McXACGIIT Manager
W. J, SLARTiy Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE Call. The Operator Will Con-
nect You' With the Department You Wlah.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Eoosne 217 to 221 Stevenson at.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. 'Per Week. 76
CU. Per Month. Single Co&le» 5 Cts.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL <indud. Sunday). 1 year..sS.OO
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 m 0«... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Sicer'.e Month «5c
Ef.VDXT CALU 1 Year 2-60
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 100
imT*T-TfiV f Daily • • -$SBO Per Y«ar Extra
FOREIGN ' gun< j ay :4 16 Per y ear Extra,
POSTAGE. WetiUy . lwO Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
£asiple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of ad-
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt aod correct compliance with the'.r re-
Quest, \u25a0
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Eroadway Telephone Mala 10S8
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
1455 Park Street. Near Santa Clara Avenue.
Phone Alarr.eua 559.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
CHS Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
M. E. CRANE HOC G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avesue
Hotel tr.d Ilcrrrnan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehwmaa House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Trexnont liouae; Auditorium
Hotel; PaUner House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROOXESS, Marquette Building
. (Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH.... SO Tribune Builfiinr
STEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLIOX Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
. 12 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOCS Market street, orposite Fifth- open until
11 I>. in.
. JiOe Montgomery aye. ; open until 9 p. m
JiOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p m.
C 3» McAllister street; open until J»:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
>ft>rthe.att corner Church and Duncan streets-
open until v p. m.
220« Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
4314 J street, near Ocean Boulevard; cpen
until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. ~~~
MISSION Oornmandery No. 41, X T \u2666
Stated assembly THIS (MONDAY) *ljL|*
EVENING. 8 o'clock at Mission Ma- HI
ecnlc Temple. Orders of the Red V
Ctoei and Malta. All fraters cordially in-
vitea. By order of th-? Commander
JXO. R. HILLMAN. Recorder.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Conjmandcrv -
No. 16. K. T., C 25 Sutler st.— Stated 1
assembly THIS EVENING, at S Ml
o'clock. Order of Temple. All *^
fraters fere courteously invited. By crder
of the Commander.
; THEX>. FROLICH. Recorder.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. »
M.— Stated Meeting THIS DAY (MON- '*#V
DAY). October 2. 1905. at 7:30 o'clock /V\
p. it. By order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
SAN Francieco Chapter No. 1. Royal «B
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING VV
Business and Dorree 4. /VN
H. G. PRINCE. Serret«r>-.
THE reyular monthly .-cnSKT'-T-!^
ciety of California W
f>T!M-rs will be held on HiQ«lj|Bßil \ £9
MONDAY. Onobf-r 2. /%^gsa%-
p. m. A full attend-
ance Is request »d.
JOHN I. SPEAR, S-yretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting. — Notice is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of The Hank of Cayfornia will be
held at the banking house in San Francisco
en TUESDAY. October 10. 1&05. at 11 o'clock
a. m. By order of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 28. 1905.
THE ninth annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Sanitary Reduction Works will be
held in room 309. 45** Montgomery st.. Ital-
ian-American Bank building. San Francisco.
en TUESDAY, October 3, 1905, at 3 o'clock
p. m., for the purpos* of electing a Board of
Directors to serve for the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as
rr.ay come before the meeting.
A. SBA.RBORO. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pajres, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
AA— DIVORCE: coats. $12; quick, quiet; ad-
vice free; no charge unless successful: open
evenings; wills, deeds, leases, bills of sale
and articles of co-partnerehlp carefully pre-
pared; bankruptcy, collections and probating
of estates. »27 Market rt.. room 301.
. AA— DIVORCE cost* $12. "
Quick, quiet; legal advice free.
No charge unless successful.
All !iw business.
. Examiner building, room 316. third floor.
E. W. KING. Attcrney-at-Law, Exam, bldg..
6th floor, entrance room oil; established 20
year*: all courts, general courts and office
practice: no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free: legal divorce costs $12; all law
rases handled; no fee In advance: open Sat-
urday eveninrs; other evenings by appoint-
ment: call and save money. 819 Mkt.. r. 33.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market, room 302. consulta-
tion free: no fee in advance. Open evenings.
COMPLETE divorce for $20 by able young at-
torney. For interview ad. lock box 422, city.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — A No. 1 mill supply and machinery
house to act as agent for old-*stabllshe<l ma-
chine knife manufacturer. Address "Old E6-
tabllthed." box 3581. Call office.
ASTHMA CURE.
A. DI KOLA'S asthma remedy cures: for sale
by a.l «niricl*ts: main depot 1602 Market
at.. Bt. Vlchnla* Hotel: 10c. 25c. 50c postage.
' ACCOUNTANTS. ~
ACCOUNTS audited and expertei. — ~—
Syetems revised and expertefl.
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO.,
Tel. Montgomery 1311. 630 Market at.
ADOPTION.
BOY and rJrl. brunette; full surrender. Dr
Fur.ke'a Maternity Villa. 1419 Bth. Alameda]
BOOKKEEPING.
LET us keep your books; nothing too large,
nothing too email; we make a specialty of
keeping email nets of books.
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO..
Tel. Montgomery 1311, 930 Market •*-
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
riXE board for 2 or 3 children; plenty fresh
milk. Box 4936. Call office.
. _-.. • -^ BICYCLES.
aCL kiafls seccsd-hand bicycles bought.' sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. IS2O Poifc at.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $1; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
\u25a0 Montgomery St.. room* 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
CCREFOR RUITDRE.
UR. PIERCES Magnetic Elastic Truss; per-
fect retainer;, positive cure; book free. Re-
: moved to 20C "learny et.. room 307.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
STEWART" S Lining. Pleating and Buttonhole
Factory of 110 Taylor et. will remove to 14
and - 16 Taylor tt. about October 1.
: McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— tvi. c]>k: Baiters* cut. 1190 Market st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.'
A— s2soo; SALOON on California street, close
. to Montgomery, and A No. 1 paying busi-
.- ness; owner , to leave city: full- valus In
sight. All rartlculars at R. G. WILICE*S.
28^ Kearny st. '- .
A— J2OOO: CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trtct; mercantile lunch; no Sunday or night
work: place doing a rushing business;
would exchange for property. R. G.
WILKE. 26^a Kearny st. '
A— *2OO— BARBER shop on Market st. ; 8
chairs: daily receipts $22; rent $9; rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s9so:A — $950: BAKERY and confectionery on Mason
ft.; 2 years' lease; .established 20 years;
monthly sales $1200; a rare chance. Partlcu-
lars R. G. WILKE. 26^, Kearny st. ' •
A— s66oo; CORNER saloon, with 5 years' lease;
close to Chronicle building. All particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2tiK Kearny et.
Aj — $1900; TRANSFER corner delicatessen and
fancy grocory; rent $40; choicest location In
the. Mission; full value in right; fresh stock.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st. »
A— $1000; BUTCHER shop with 5 years' lease;
very beet location; 6th and Market sts.; full
value In sight; a rare bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2614 Kearny et.
A— suoo; RESTAURANT and chophouse; aur-
rounded by breweries, malt houses and facto-
ries; daily receipts from $30 up; rent $30.
*Call R. G. WILKE. 26 \j Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; BAKERY; established yean; baking
4 barrels a day; 2 ovens, 2 horsee, 1 wagon;
large store trade. Particulars at R. G.
WILKE, 26V, Kearny st.
A— sSso; CHOPHOUSE In factory district:
rent $15; a good paying busfnesa: sickness
only compels owner to leave San Francisco.
' Call R. G. WILKE. £6Vj Kearny st.
$5500— RESTAURANT and- bakery; daily re-
ceipts ?150 to $175; Saturday $3UU; rent $175
per month; lease 5 years; a money-maker
ar.d a big bargain. Apply in person to
LOUIS JURGENS. 500 Ninth St.. Oakland.
?1600 — MOST -beautiful home in Elmhurst; lot
60x120; new houec, 4 rooms, chicken-house,
cherry trees and lots of berries and flowers.
Apply to LOUIS JURGENS. &CHJ Ninth st.,
Oakland. \u25a0
$3000 — SALOON, with cigar stand; well
stocked; rent $70; lease 5 years. Apply to
LOUIS JURGEXS. 500 Ninth Bt., Oakland.
$1000— SALOON, well stocked with liquors
and cigars; rent for the whole house $40.
Apply to LOUIS JURUENS. 500 Ninth st.,
Oakland.
APARTMENT HOUSE TO LEA3E.
El Granada. Berkeley's newest and most
elegantly appointed apartment house will be
ready for occupancy before November 1. Fifty
suites conveniently arranged. Every room
has outside Ucht and air. Rent exceedingly
reasonable. Address
MASON-McDUFFIE COMPANY.
AGENTS.
421 California st., Shattuck and Center.
San Francieco. Cal. Berkeley, Cal.
BEST delicacy buciness in city; fine location;
cheap rent; price $3500.
Saloon on Pacific st. ; good piano.. $900
Roafihou*e near the park; 8 fur. rooma..s2s(>o
General merchandise business in Fresno Co.;
stock will invoice price asked; will ex-
change for Oakland or S. F. property.. s4ooo
We have a large list of hotels, delicacy
stores find businesses of all klnde. Money
loaned on furniture. EITEL & CARROLL,
212 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT FOR RENT.
Large and conveniently arranged restau-
rant in E! Granada. Berkeley's new apart-
ment house; central location and exceedingly
reasonable rent. Addre.*>
MASON-McDUFFIE COMPANY.
AGENTS.
421 California St.. Shattuck and Center,
San Francisco, Cal. Berkeley. Cal.
$1500 — PARTNER; Markct-st. saloon: old es-
tab.; good trade; rather have partner than
hired help. LESS, 035 Market St., room 5.
$1200— SALOON & lunch-house, south Mkt. St..
cheap; long leace; $1000 mo. income; lnvea.;
account sicknvss. Lees, 935 Market, rra. 5.
$2800— SALOON, near Market; estab. 30 years.;
to settle en estate; Vjest offer on Market.
LESS. 935 Market St.. room 5.
FOR SALE. «
THE finest up-to-date wholesale and retail
harness, saddlery, shoe findings and leather
business en the coast for sale; can make all
th« money you want. Correspond with JOHN
'f. STOLL. Sacramento. Cal.
FOR sale^ — Choice property, hotel and opera-
house combined; doing good business in thriv-
ing town, 20 miles from San Francisco; on
account of old age. Inquire box 208,. Hay-
wards, or 114 Sutter St.. San Francisco, Cal.
FOR rale or rent — Portable photograph gal-
lery. 12x28 fett. 8-foot skylight, sidelight;
all complete for work, with stock: on ac-
count of sickness. Apply O. ELLIOTT,
Stockton, Cal.
BUY a share in our mine. ,
It is rich In silver and gold;
It may bring you wealth and fortune
From its hidden treasure untold.
Particulars. P. O. box 415. Shares 25 cents.
?2£0 — PARTNER wanted; established business;
no previous experience required; sure to pay
$90 a month to each; steady man required;
call and inquire. 1027% Market St., room 2.
WANTED — An up-to-date Job printer, who can
put $500 or more in the corporation: refer-.
ences required; investigation \u25a0 desired. Ad-
dress or call 85 South Third . at.. San Jose.
NEW and second-hand furniture business for
f-ale owing to sickness of owner; old estab-
lished. Address H. E. ALDEN, 1233 Broad-
. way. Oakland.
$150— PARTNER wanted; genteel mfg. buM-
ness; suitable for steady man -satisfied with
$15 week to start with. . Francis, 20fi Kearny.
FOR sale — Fine location for lunch counteh and
boarding-house business ; call and investigate.
1822 Atlantic St.. West Oakland.
DAIRY for sale — 32 cows, 4 horses, wagons:
a- complete outfit; long lease; fine barn and
house: retail route. Box 6137, Call, Oakland.
fSOO — WHOLESALE commission route, clear-
Ing" ?40 per- week; trial given. Inquire'
afternoons at 'l24 Henry st. .:
FOR sale — Home bakery, delicatessen; dining-
room; account of sickness; living rooms. 417
O'Farrell art.
NEWSPAPER route for sale • in Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for rale.- Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
$250— PARTY to Join in A No. 1 business; no
nipht work; big profits. 310 Folsom st.
COFFEE and chop house; business from $20 to
$25 per day; trial given. 130 Eighth st.
A FIRST-CLASS candy store and factory do-
Ing good trade; see this. Box 4968. Call." '
WANTED — Carpenter or business man as part-
ner, building and jobbing mill. 3373 18th st.
$2750 — CORNER saloon; city front; 4 years'
lease. Wichman & Lutjen, 29 Battery st.
SPLENDID chance to buy *k long-established,
well located, profitable business. 203 4th st.
CORNER grocery nnd bar; long lease; north
Market, couth of Larkln; gnap. Box 3586. Call.
1 $1500 — GOOD grocery and bar, for sale on ac-
count of sickness. 2900 23d and Florida.
REAL estate office, cost; fixtures;, leaving
city. Apply 1206 Market St., room 26. • j
FOR sale — Cheap. . welt establiehed . business;
lady or gentleman.- 324 Mason st.
ELECTRIC laundry, est. 8 yrs., for eale. In-
eluding prop; doing good bus. Box 3520, Call.
FOR sale— Saloon doing good business; fine lo-
cation. Apply 845 FoUom st. ; V
i ROADHOUSE. near Chutes; long lease; low
rent; a snap: must sell. Apply 3030 Fulton.
GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
office. . .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market et., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR . SALeT
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
2 Eddy St.. Cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Eacriflc*: This new modern house of 70
rooms; furnished in solid oak; Axmlnster and
body. Brussels carpets; ,chesp rent; fine loca-
tion down town; first-class country transient
trade; long lease; never clears less than $250
to $300 per month; must be sold this week. >,
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. \ .
BCHWEI2KHARD & CO.,
Real Estate and Rooming-Hoase Brokers
1008% Market St.. ©pp. sth; Phone Jessie 3041
Buyers: .We have houses to suit you; honest
values \u25a0 guaranteed or no sale. :
Snap: 40-room family hotel; furnishings Al-
rent ?275; price $2000. ' -: ,
9-room modern flat; easy payments, "or rent
furnished. . v -. > »•
LODGING-HOUSE on busy Market at. will
be sold at a bargain; house has 10 rooms, and
. offices on first floor pay entire rent; all cUe
clear: owner aged.. Call at once 1027H
Market at. „ '.'\u25a0\u25a0..« -\u0084; '"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
FISHER & .C0. .:;.',. :/..;;. Phone' Main 3354
Room 438. '; James Flood - Building. ,
I-"urnlshPd rooming-houses, hotels and ; flats.
20 ROOMS; lodging-house; , low rent; private-
steady roomers; a bargain.': 521% Howard st.
THE " S AN : FR A NGISGO ' C ALL; : MONDAY, - ; OCTOBER 2, 1905,
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE-rCos.
HENRY C. DECKER. PHONE JAMES 7716.^
ROOMING-HOUSE, HOTEL .AND REAL
ESTATE BROKER.
850 Market st., or 8 Stockton st.
Right. Opposite Fourth st.
TO BUY, SELL OR ; EXCHANGE anything
anywhere, givs him a call; he, will give you
a square deal; he has all the bargains. He
hat been falling: houses in San Francisco for
over •30 years, which is a guarantee of- his
fair d«a!!n*. . :
. V • HENRY C. DECKER.
S5O Market St.. or 8 Stockton st.
NEATLY furnished 22-room lodging-house: fine
transient trade; bargain for cash. 116 4th tit.
Roomlnsr-Houaes and Hotels for Sale.
MARION GRIFFIN.
970 Market St., Roop 801. Eighth Floor.
Rooming-House Broker. Phone Main 3343.
14 R.. Geary st. : J100: cause death. - .
30 R., new apartments; $500 down, $10
monthly. '\u25a0 ' .
105 R.. $6000: cost $12,000; Sept. profit, $263.
5 R. flat; flBO: near Sutter: rent $16.
23 R.. Geary st.: ?1500. Owner says: ' ,"I
can't walk; am In hospital; get offer; I
\u25a0 have all * work done : and bank I $90
monthly." .
• , '• .—WANTED—
Real estate in Oakland, Berkeley^ or Ala-
meda In exchanee for paying rooming or
apartment-houses in this city; will pay cash
difference. '
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA— PROF. NIBLO.
411 A ELLIS STREET— 4II A. *
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE 'READINGS.- SI.
Greatest living astral DEAD-TRANCE
CLAIRVOYANT of the age; adviser on busi-
ness and all affairs of life; tells your full
name and what you called for, -whom you
will marry, how to control the one you love,
even mllea away; reunites the separated;
gives secret powers to control; no lon* delays
in waitlnz. •
HOURS, 10 to 8 DAILY and SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST., Cor. of Jones st.
Permanently located in hla own home.
PROF. NIBLO.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE .......
If you wish Tollable advice consult PROF.
LIVINGSTONE.
You hear the truth and nothing but the
truth, be It good or bad. He positively refuses
to accept any fee In advance and leaves It to
your Judarment whether he has performed all
he claims ar.d advertises to do.
Full Life Reading 50c. Hours 10 to 8.
LIVINGSTONE— 2U'.<. Kearny— LIVINGSTONE
A PHENOMENAL $5 mental reading for $1.
ST. GEORGE ORMONDE. ...1031 Market st.
Yoghl initiate, clairvoyant, psychic palmist.
Tell \u25a0 you more than all others combined;
how to overcome sickness, ; drink or weak
habits, enemies, spelta. lost vitality, bad
luck; find treasures, valuable mines ;• marry,
your choice ;• restore lost love; secure secret
powers ot control: reunites separated ; -im-
plants businena success. . Hours 10 -to 8.
$10,000 for his equal. Mall, $2. \
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.,
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of life;, Miss Wille guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading;. reveals
. the past; gives correct forecast of your fu-
ture; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business ;
grives the secret how. to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. m.; French. German, English spoken.*
CASSANDRA, 1007% Market St., near Sixth —
Before taking any important- step In love,
marriage, divorce, purchases, sales. Invest-
ments, Journeys, health, consult the great
clairvoyant and palmist, Cassandra: she Is
th» famous medium who predicted the Russo-
Japanese war 4 years ago; also the assassi-
nation of President McKmley; readings, $1;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. . \u25a0
" LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and Psychic: the oldest >-. and
best-known clairvoyant In San Francisco.
Reopened at 366 O"Farrell st. Hours 10 to
5. Readings by mall. $2.
"HAPPY" Jack HarreHs", the Nevada miner,
finds a valuable diamond through - .the nJ-
vlce.of Ifmar, the Gypsy; see page 38. '
ISMAR, Egyptian seerees. The Vendome, 1 lot
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12. Phone
South 3141.
MISS ZEMDARi : young, gifted clalr. & palm.,
has second sight;- a wonderful prophetess;
names 60c. $1. 1035 FiUmore.Nir. McAllister.
MME. KRONENBERG, clairvoyant, card read,
er, palmist; when others fail try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102£ 6th. . nr. - Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all afiairs of life; satlsfac-
tlon guar. : 25c 'up. 17 3/1. next Examiner bids.
MME.' RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
givee names; advice in all affairs. 5 4th st.
MME. May Clalr, \u25a0- palmjst , and card reader.
• 3832 ISth St., nr. Sanchez; > hours after 1, BOc.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; L.. 25 cts.;
G., 50 cist- hours 1 to 9. 545 Minna st. j
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth st. to 954 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM. \u25a0 - /
HARGRET ALDORA. spiritual medium, just
from East; circle Wednesday and Friday
evgs.: readings dally. Offices 11.-12. 1228 Mkt
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1200 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
EARLE'S seance Sun.. Wed.. 219 Eddy St.;
readings. Hotel Hlgglns, O'Farrell st. :..^
.GRAND test seance to-night. $1; reading, 25c".
Mme. Ellersncken. 536 Turk st.:. read, dally.
PALMISTRY.
A — RETURNED, H. Jerome Fosselli. scientific.
palmist, 612 Mison.nr. Sutter: tel. Black 560»
HYPNOTISM. ! : .;"..
DE LAUFF.. magnetlst, 709 Bush, | hrs., 1-5,
7-8; nervous,'* mental' ills, 'habits cured; no
' drugs. '\u25a0. -.*".- --\u25a0*\u25a0'.'• ' ' "'"'•"-\u25a0 *''"•" -:'._-j: : _-
CARPET-BEATINO , AND : CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and 'Vacuum' Process, used
for cleaning carpets on floor without ' remov-
al : carpet and ru^s \u25a0 also \u25a0 cleaneu by com-
pressed air at shop; prices- moderate. S. ; F..
Compressed Air Cleaning Company, 308 Mar-
ket at.; phone;Maln 162 a.nd: Bush 479.- • ;:
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. '3s3-357 Tehama st. Tel. \u25a0 South 40.
WESTERN Carp*t Cleaning .Works, 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. . FRED HAGE-
PORN & CO.; phone Mission 225. :
JOELL & CO.. 82 Eighth at., cleaning and lay-
tng;- satisfaction guaranteed. Phone Mint 252.
CONKLIN'S Superior I Carpet* Beating t Works.
Golden Gate aye. & Larkln; phone East 126.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. ; . Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
ttl. Main 3»4. GEO. WALOOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth ' St.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard/:. .Te1.'?.-Mlsslon. 74. \u25a0.
RUDOLPH &. CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263:
LACE CURTAINS } AND fl BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S ':-. New York -_ Curtain :; House; ; most'
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. 1324 Flllmore.; phone Pine 2622. .
\u25a0 ' ;" . - -\u25a0;-.' _ \-^fi DENTISTS.;; : - :\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0:\u25a0:'-:\u25a0 > : -'.
D^^LEITpAINLESS~ DENTAL COMPANY^
Perfect ' painless \u25a0 dintlstry . at lowest ! prices.
Full set of teeth,, s2; sliver fillings.' 25c; gold'
fillings, $1; gold crowns, $3; bridge work, $3.
* 1104 Market st.;' ,', corner; Turk." ;t \u25a0;\u25a0: 'r, \u25a0 :
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ;: crowns.' $3 60; fillings, 60c;
* plates, . $5, full :. set; ' all .work painless' and
\u25a0 warranted. ," Chicago Dental Parlors. '24 Slxtb.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market;. near 11th— :
. . No ' charge for; extracting £when; v plates .are,
- made ; > old plates made . over i like . new; : teeth
from jH per set: extracting 60c; gas given. f?y.:
FILLINGS, 25oand 60c: r crowns,: $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS.! 969 Mission. ; SE. cor.". (3th.
GOLD fillings, V 76c: . silver." 3sc; | crowns, * $2,'; no
.-- pain; -op.. Sum Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lol^ Grant ay.'
' i DAY ;AND^,CONTRACTI WORK. Jl |
CARPENTER and I builder : wants 1 work : by , day
>.. or contract, .v C. ' C.': LEROY,; 602 Jennie \u25a0 5t. ; ..-'
\u25a0'. •".\u25a0V.'V-';-!.::-':>EDucATibNAi < i'-;v -'\u25a0: \u25a0';\u25a0\u25a0''\u25a0'}
A— THE Lyceum.'i an '^excellent '.-preparatory.
school i for ' university,^ laws and i medical 1 col-
" leges;. we prepared hundreds of students «uc-
... ! cessf ully f: and -.we / ehan .;- prepare i vou ; : day,"
\u0084 ; evening j session ; -' references * President ' Jordan '
or :any. Stanford j prof esssor.^ Phelan ;• bldg. vr
ALL' , who - desire I good ? positions i should . attend ;
' . this ' college ; we ' have . had • 250 ' good ; places
".-.<" .-.< since March \u25a0 I.x San Francisco Business | ; Col- ;
. lece.",73S; Mission. 1 st.—, " ..-. -> :--'>.-•\u25a0'
\u25a0 .- \u25a0.."-" •\u25a0':*.-\u25a0\u25a0 '-•-: v .'-.\u25a0<\u25a0 \u25a0'--". -'\u25a0;.
- Continued.
A SCHOOL TO MAKE MEN. % ' -
. NOT TO MAKE MONEY.
Over half "a, million invested ; Young . Men's
Christian Association Institute of Practical
Education. Mason and Ellis' sts., San Fran-
cisco; night and day classes; foreigners taught
English; night and day. school. for. men: school
for employed boys; night law school; 30 • sub-'.
Jects taught; 25 instructors employed; steam
engineering ;- a 'specialty;, all- commercial
branches; a ifull business course;- the greatest
system; o f night schools in existence; gymna-
sium privileges \u25a0 included to students; apply
for" descriptive catalogue. \u25a0. \u25a0 .'
• H J. McCOY. General Secretary.
E. E. ESDON. Acting -Educational, Director.
ALL who ! desire Ito prepare for teachers' ex-
aminations or > State normal schools should
Join the epecial fitting, classes; of the ?Ly-
ceum. Phelan bldg. ; noted specialists jin
charge who prepared many successfully; ex-
cellent references; shortest time; -moderate
rates; teachers now. In great demand.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted:' exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions I guaranteed.
Send for catalogue, k Native Sons' building.
A— GALLAGHER-MARSH \ BUSINESS -.COL-
LEGE has removed to larger quarters at 933
Market St.; best location In city; catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post st., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. , Send for prospectus.
THE evening class at Hlnman's School of Dan-
cing, 1412 Polk st.. pr. Calif., is now open;
the children's class will open Sat., Sept. 2.
HEALD'S BUSINESS. COLLEGE.' 24 Post at.
Established 1863; largest in the West; annual
enrollment 1000; tend for circular.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec. mln.. Mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve: est. 1864. Van
> der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A— METROPOLITAN-California-Students Joln-
. cd.- Buslnesa. Stenographic.' 025 Golden Gate.
A— SPANISH. French, Italian, English branch-
pg. MRS. AMES. 1311 Octavla st.. nr. Geary.
GERMAN. French. Span. Erg.— Miss Hempel,
• formerly, pupil Prof. Oe Fillppe,' 781 Sutter.
PRIVATE evening classes in commercial arith-
metic, . gram., stenog., German." 005 Post st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Post st.— Night classes.
, EMPLOYMKJNT OFFICES.
A — ORPHEUM Employment office — Japanese.
, Chinese help:' removed to 662 Sutter st., b«-
tween Powell and Mason; tel. Main 6752.
OLDEST Japaneae-Chlnese Employment Office
promptly furnishes all Mmas of reliable help.
George Sakauye, 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
STAR Employment Offlce^ — Reliable Japanese
\u25a0 and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell St. ; tel. Main 1751.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. office
furnishes reliable- help ot all kinds promptly..
-H. KIODA. 405 Post St.; tel. James 501.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. - WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 559.
AN old* estab. (1850) Chinese emp. office; C.
\u25a0 CHONG'S, removed to 518 Pine ;tel.Grant IKC.
Finest Japanese help: house cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kunlabe, 343 Mason; tel. James 5251..
H.W.IIOXG, 1113 Clay st.: Chinese employ-
.anent office ; best help. .Tel. Eaet 426. :.
CHINF'SE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
JAPANESE:. Chinese help of all kinds furnish'
.ed; house cleaning. 70S Taylor: James 7636.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT ] WANTED — FEMALE.
A YOUNG girl' wants position to do general
housework. Apply at 1200 Clement St.,
. Richmond District. \u25a0
COLORED, woman wants work ' by the day;
\u25a0 $1 30 a day and,' car fare. 12i& Lynch St.,
oft Hyde, bet. Pacific and Broadway. .'
WANTED — Position by experienced lady book-
keeper; excellent- references. Box 4905, Call.
A LADY, aged 31, wishes a position as work-
ing housekeeper for a ' widower, . with • chll-*
j dren. living on a ranch; is thoroughly ex-
perienced and can ; furnish best of refer-
ences. Address W. C, Box 1417, Call office.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor, coats. Jackets,
ehirt waists; up-to-date; fits guaranteed;
suits taken in; only first-class work; -en-
gagements per day. MISS BARSS, 321
, Franklin - st. .v ; \u25a0\u25a0 : - : \u25a0\u25a0\u0084,\u25a0• -t,' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-*\u25a0\u25a0•\u0084\u25a0•=\u25a0\u25a0"•.•;..\u25a0..\u25a0..
HOUSEKEEPER, a young lady of refinement
from the East, .wishes a. position as house-
keeper where -other help Is employed and
home surroundings pleasant. Box 4947. Call.
TWO first-class cooks and laundresses, , Swed-
ish, desire positions; city or country; wages
$30 to $3.V .Address '318; Jessie St., near
Fourth; call Sunday. \u25a0< , ; :
AN accomplished young, lady, speaking French
and German, desires, a position as lady's
companion, secretary > or : governess, or will
travel. Box; 4963., Call office. -
GOOD cook wants situation "private family;
.'American cooking; \ wages $30; good • refer-
ences. Box 4045, Call office.
COMPETENT . .. cook wants situation private
family; American cooking; good references;
wages $40. Box- 4944.' Call -office: .-. \u25a0
LADY wishes a. few more engagements by the
day, washing • and . ironing, d 1 Worth st., j
near Twenty-first.- '.\u25a0\u25a0".- - \u25a0 . ' r .
COLORED lady went s washing "and ironing
to do at home. MRS. MORROW, / 233 U.
Greenwich St.. . \u25a0 . . ; .
YOUNG lady wants position In private family
- as chambermaid or second girl. Address
1G03*4- Fifth -.si., Oakland.
A NEAT German cook . wants cooking or light
housework: reference; city or country; $1 60.
Call 74S Howard st. j. '?,.... ..-,.
AN artistic dressmaker and designer, would like
.few more engagements, $2 60 per day.' Phone
\u25a0 'Church 6427 before 8:30 a. < mi: on after, 7 : p. m:
A YOUNG' woman /wants ; work" by. the <lay
washing and cleaning,' sl 60 aiday;: Monday
anil Tuesday. . Box 4952,"~ Call otflce. ; •
A MIDDLE-AGED American, woman, -very In-:
' dustrious, wants -to v take -care /of . a' gentle-
man's home. 80x: 4989, ' Ca11. .;,;, ; .
HOUSEKEEPER. neat.' ... reliable,; ! eld«rly
\u25a0; woman; Rood cook," plain laundress; fond of
; children; wages $12. . 373 Jessie st.
POSITION as saleslady. 015 Larkln st.
AN excellent laundress ' takes .washing home.,
: 12f17 Ellis st.'-"- ;\u25a0;.'' :'v';. ..'--; '\u25a0 . \u25a0'-\u25a0-\u25a0 '-\u25a0-
FIRST-CLASS , skirt fitter and ' alteration I hand
.1 'wants poHltton.'.-' Box 4924. -Call office.. •
POSITION as waist hand wanted. 1411 Scott
\u25a0, : street. ' ' \u25a0' \u25a0'-- '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0 " '-? "•'"\u25a0 : ;..
GIRL for general housework. . Call at 1734 i
\u25a0/\u25a0: Folsom sU -.-., .... ; .: _/. 1 \u25a0.\u25a0;--.\u25a0 .;.;.. .•. 1 ".;\u25a0: .
WANTED— Poslllon to- wait, on; lady;,conflne-
, ment . cases only. . Address box 3567,1 Call, j
WOMAN would like .' position as plain , cook
V; and housework. 211; Twenty-aeventh" st. • ;
LADYf wants work by. the day. ! 2866 Twenty-
. second; st. :; ;, ; , '';v'v.:'.,. ,:."\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0 *-S"'.
STENOGRAPHER of experience desires po-
sltlon. Box 0844, Call office. " .:: \u25a0\u25a0; 'J
GERMAN woman wants washing •or cleaning !
by. the day. V Mrs.' J., 74 Clara st. \u25a0\u25a0'-- ' - \u25a0• .- ..
WANTED— Position. by experienced lady book-
_ : keeper; excellent referencea.'- Box 4905, Call.
: EMPLOYMENT I WANTED— MALE.
HOTEtS, restaurants, ;- resorts— Do . you " want :
: ' competent, 1 \u25a0 flrst-class . cooks. '; helpeYs. < asslst-
, \u25a0::•, ants ;or waitresses? * Our Association "has: a-,
awaiting positions,' .which, we recom-"
'.. mend : also bakers, ; pastry : cooks and ; bread-* \u25a0
; men;.:" If you need . any, help ;of * the above \u25a0
\u25a0 kind, call and J, be - immediately i supplied. '
. Room ; 318, James: Flood .building. ' '\u25a0;•';
JAPANESE flrst-class -cook,- i hotel,'. $50 month.
•; 2 good boys If or elevator positions. .; ... •'
V- Good -family J cook; ; wages ; $25- per month. '
X First-class laundress, \u25a0/ s3o .'month ; up.
chamberwork," $30 [month up.
; Flrst-clcsß. help, always; on t hand. :. : "
I GEO. : X.,' propr. 1 ; 343 . Mason : tel.'. James 6251.'
A AA— COMPETENT : man 1 wishes ipos?tion prt-
, ;-,vate \u25a0< place ; •; thoroughly sfl rst-class -i horseman
."' and 'gardener,': etc. ;> best of references."* Box
j-yi42o,;;CaiiA'V,: : ..:; ; :..::c-': 1 - ;." -•''\u25a0:\u25a0",\u25a0\u25a0:"-, : :v,-v i :\u25a0: :.:\u25a0,
A GERMAN;* middle : ag«d' and ! single, wishes
:-';a \u25a0 situation : as; clerk^ln J grocery 'store \u25a0 and :
'. barroom ; -. good 5 references. \u25a0: ; W. \ BOHLING, '
:..417.,Kearny;'st:; ',"-\u25a0,".••.\u25a0':•;•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"•\u25a0••:'.--'\u25a0.:'.•\u25a0•:.'\u25a0 \u25a0.•;".\u25a0 ;\u25a0\u25a0-.;
BARBER,: first-class. * German-American, : de-
"-"slres 'steady "position.;-." J. *,' BECKER,*; '.7I9
,st.t- \u0084 %., \u0084.r.-^- ;-. ; : .-.; : \u0084-... '...:\u25a0 «
A ; i'.YOUNG v; Scandinavian; man .wants -to do'
' : '\u25a0 housework j or ; take cftre : of .. sick i part ', of : day :
i ..: or ; all : day • ; small ' wages. »\ Box ; 3539, j Call. ; ," :
HOUSECLEANING, -.windows, i. etc. ; gardening
\u25a0 t. by experienced ; man; $r per day."- 1 Address box
. .^1430/: Call' office.'".*^ .\u25a0.'-\u25a0:'::\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0.•'\u25a0: .-.-.\u25a0 »'\u25a0". •:--,-;.:• :'?~? r
A'- MINE % tool f sharpener wishes v job Jat \u25a0> some
."- larxe •\u25a0 camp; 'i nine \u25a0.'. years',' '.^experience; '" can
*.j; make i and , sharpen "'•\u25a0\u25a0 machine :<\ drills. ; ; Box
3: 3533,VCair. * ,; r-.; .;••«. \u25a0.-%& .?\u25a0>'" ,v : ."* - ; ..:- : - ; . .
NEW-; modern,"', bay { window, flat ; ; 3 ; rooms ' and
:'; bath : * rent* $15 ; \u25a0\u0084n o' children ; ; near_ cars. --' Ap- :
> ' ply » 29o6A* Twenty-fifth : st.y, nearjßryant f -:*.
BARBER, "ifiraf-class ?young !Amei l ','4",'r« Ihhea
.-. steady - position; - c.'ty.i or ; country .*; KUENTZ." j
43 "Sixth st." --,--^ " - .':;-: ,^'. ' / ' \u25a0' -j
Dl 5 Larkln at.
EMPLOY3IENT WANTED— MALE-Coa
INTELLIGENT young man. , 26." good - appear-
ance, good habits, would like position of any
kind; will do anything except canvassing.
Box 4921. Call. : . \u25a0 .
EXPERT bookkeeper would ! arrange for book-,
beeping with firms or persons, to be dona
evenings •or Sundays; \u25a0 terms low; Interview
'' requested. : Box 3574, Call. ' \u25a0 .s ' "
AI -' all-round •' dairy ana creamery nian
\u0084 wants . position; understands engineering,
.testing, etc.; ten years' experience : ~ refer-
. ences. Address "A." Call office. San Joae.
EXPERIENCED candy-maker, up-to-date on
fine . retail goods and \u25a0'-. icecream, - bonbons,
- chocolate and' fine counter goods wants poal-
-tlon. Box 3806. Call. - - -
FIRST-CLASS painter, decorator and paper-
hanger wants: work; day or Job; reasonable.
Box 3557. Call. ,
A' SOBER. -'trustworthy, 'middle-aged man,
handy with tools, in cr outside; private; In
.. city; wages moderate. Box 3558, CalL
BUTCHER— A* young man wishes position as
meat cutter or : sausage maker; aged 21;
>6 years' experience. Box 3566, Call office.
PAINTER wants job; day •or > contract; all
tools, etc.; flrst-class references; reasonable
prices. Address box 499 C, Call. . . : :
STRONG, sober. \u25a0 willing man - wants position
\u25a0\u25a0 around ' private : place; can care for horses,
garden, etc. H. 8., 613 Montgomery st. •_
A MINE tool - sharpener | wishes Job at large
.mine camp; can make and sharpen machine
drills; 9 years' ' experience. Box 3533, Call.
A SITUATION as collector or private mes-
oenjtr;' best of reference; bonds If required.
Box 4979. Call office.
BY man with police experience, position as
watchman; reliable; references. Box 4918,
Call office. \u25a0"•'." •
A SCANDINAVIAN man. steady and reliable,
' wants work as nurse; many years' experi-
ence; 20 cents an hour.' Box 9843. Call office.
AN elderly German, reliable, sober, can take
care of horses, desires steady position; city
or country; no milking. Box 4904. Call.
ACCOUNTANT would arrange for bookkeeping
with firms or persona to be done evenings
or Sundays.". Box 2199, Call.
WANTED — A Job as night watchman. Box
355fr. Call office.,
THOROUGH gardener wants position; com-
mercial .or private. .Box 4931, Call.*
COPYIST seeks position: excellent penman;
wages $10 per week. " Box 4934. Call.
BOY wishes "work by day In office. Box 4947.
Call office.
YOUNG boy I wants to learn the carpenter
trade. Box 4932. Call. "\u25a0"'\u25a0•-\u25a0
A BOY 14. years old wishes a steady Job. 8136
Pierce st. \u25a0 .
BOY wants work.' Apply 1136 Treat aye.
WANTED — Wprk as porter. \u25a0 220 A Seventh st. j
WANTED— Position aa watchman by sob#r
. and reliable man. ' Address box 3527, Call.
PAINTING and paper hanging wanted by the
Job. H. OLSEN, ei7 Jones at.
CHINESE boy wants position aa cook. 547&
Clay at. -\u25a0'"\u25a0.-.. ' !
GARDENER. - Japanese, strong, honest man,
aged 27, good experience and references, prac-
tical botanist, flowers, plants, lawns, green-
house, florist work, all kinds of housework,
wants a position: , wish $40 month. S. T.,
1708 Polk st.; phone East 1304.
JAPANESE flrst-class cook; understands fancy
\u25a0cooking: experienced; honest. 1410 Pine st.,
phone East 160 S.
JAPANESE boy wants position dolnic house-
work in' email \u25a0 family: I have good experi-
ence. Phone East 3724.
A YOUNG Japanese wants position as school-
boy In a private family. FRANK, 327 De-
vlsadero st. -. :
JAPANESE . man and wife want positions:
cook and housework;- experienced; city -cr
country. GEO. H. OYMNA. 705 Bush st.
JAPANESE cook wants position In a family.
T. N., Call office. Oakland.
REPUTABLE Japanese schoolboy would like
a position In a family. 3030 Sac'to st., city.
AN honest Japanese wishes a position aa
- store porter. -H. T.Kurata, 15 Grant aye.
A GOOD JaDanese boy would like to work as
a schoolboy. U. MARUYAMA. 3197 Mission.
GOOD Japanese cook wants position in local
family. S. KANEKO. "L'l 10th at.. Oakland.
; EXCHANGE.
RESTAURANT for sale, or will exchange for
\u25a0 furnished flat or. unimproved lot: restaurant
north of Market street, doing good business
and will bear investigation; good place for
two partners or man and wife. Call room
; 318. Jamo Flood building. '
:-\u25a0
FINANCIAL.
, "REALTY SYNDICATE? ~~ •
All certificates cashed at top price; state amt.
of certificate; payment wlJl be made immedl-
X ately. G. D. SHADBURNE JR.. Call bldg.
CONTINENTAL B. & L. certificates purchased
.for cash. G. P. SHADBURXE JR.. Call bid.
FLATS TO LET.
AAAA
V Every desirable vacant dwelling is listed in
; our renting department.' , Combined lists from
25 of the largest 'agencies. Saves a world of
time and trouble. !
Service 's absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. .Welcome! -"\u25a0-'-•
V'; STERLING FURNITURE - COMPANY.
:• 1039 Market St.. opposite McAllister.
AA A— COMPLETED .: r, LIST OF HOUSES.
;\u25a0 FLATS, "apartment: and rooming- houses; our
ranting department Is free of all; we can find
you a home in any part of the city; ask for"
; no payment other than your good will; we do
\u25a0 not ask you to buy or even look at the goods: |
use . this department freely; you are more
than welcome.. ...
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-259 Geary
: st. "(on ths square). ,-
5 ROOMS, bath and wash tubs each; 118-11SM
Perry St., near Third and Harrison; 39-41-43
H. Langton. 4 and 5 rooms, bath - and ' wash
tubs; n«w. : clean and convenient; 711 Harri-
• son.". 4 rooms; 657 Jessie, near Seventh, 6
rooms. \u25a0 ..- '
FOURTH St., 475— Flat of seven sunny rooms
, and - bath; bay -window; newly renovated;
reasonable. \u25a0 - ; • .'
MISSION.. 2732, near 23d— Sunny, lower flat
of 6 rooms, bath; rent $27 50. YON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE- CO., isl3Calirofnla st.
$17— CORNER; upper flat; 5 sunny rooms and
bath; tlnt*d. 3336 .Twenty-sixth St.. near
:Capr>.: ;;..-.. - : : : " -
TWO upper, flats, 5 and 6 rooms each: sunny;
or wilj.rcnt as whole; rent. low; 1521 Cali-
r, fornia st.".. . . .- . . \u25a0
NEW elegant. cor. ; Presidio Heights; 2 floors:
i 8 r.,196 Ist' ave. -b0u1., '545; -also 6 r.. 3994
: .'... Sac. St., $32 60; both on owl car line; sunny."
TU'ENTY-FIFTH, 4150, near Castro — New up-
. per flat, 5 or -6 rooms, bath,' cellar, yard;
• $20. $22" ,:- : '":'- - -.-... \u25a0- : --. " .; \u25a0-.-. . -\u25a0 -\u25a0
NINETEENTH; NE. cor." Nc« — Lovely; sunny.
upper.", modern \u25a0; 5-room ' flat. large porch,
! .--.storerroom:?22 50; water free." - '
SUNNY. \u25a0 middle,^" bay-window- flat: 4 rooms:
v $IC. ; 14 Moss. bet. . 6th i and 7th, off Howard.
TWENTY-SECOND, .1554, <1:^ncar, Dolores— Five
"rooms, bath. and doubl? parlors; rent cheap. ,
TWO fine sunny flats, 3 and 7. rooms, bath; key
<"jat ,-715 "Grove ; st." w.iT \u25a0 •'•' -
$22 50— NEW fine flat; .s rooms and bath. 225
:\u25a0-; Parnassus aye., .near Stanj'an.. . : ..- - '
FIFTEENTH. • 2239— Modern sunny flat, - 6
-rooms;' rent $22. \u0084.;-•; . .. '.' '.
MONTCALM. : 306. • Mission— New upper sunny
flat, 6 rooms,' bath: $15. r Inquire 1989 Geary st
STEINER; \ 1531— Upper i aunny [ 6 rooms,' bath; >
-..very icheap.* Inquire J 1989,; Geary = at; -
.TWO' up-to-date:- sunny flats, i 6 ; rooms." 3525
\u25a0 ..Twenty- fourth • St.; ? rents $25 and $30.-
$6 — LOWER' flat,* with large j yard.": 726V4 Har-
r- rison.st.Vi bet.:; Third . . .'. ,'
4 \u25a0 ROOMS, \u25a0* sunny.". 63 Ivy aye. , near. Van ; Ness
.^'avf.'-anilHayti.'',.";. \u25a0'\u25a0•...•\u25a0'\u25a0',''\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0..'•. .' -..*\u25a0.' . .- :..
.WALLER* J 22O. tS bet. f Buchanan *: and -Webster; .
'-fine runny; middle flat, -6 room?. -bath:, cheap.
NEW ; modern' flat. ' 5 ! rooms >*nd i bath; newly
• tinted. 3525 24th ; st. . \u25a0 near . Church. . .- $20. - ;
ELEGANTj four rooms . and , bath. l: rent $18 1 and
. $20.\ v 2736^Franklln;st;^Marlne vlew.i ;.;
NICE sunny flati ofi fourlrooms and ;bath: up-
'i - per. -\t 1708 ; Church. :' near,' Twenty-ninth.
O'FARRELL.r- 1929-1933— Modern 'r flats; '•' 5-6-7
i ; rms: ; ; yard.- basement; low . rent good . tenant. .
$ 25^-Northcast ; corner ;• Pine ' and : Stelner ' sts. . 3
>r f rooms ? and *; bath.V .", <\u25a0; ' . *\u25a0.-'_ ''-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- i ;\u25a0-.' \u25a0- \u25a0 .
X; : FILATSSFOUiSALE^FUIiN7smDI,^;
9-ROOM '\u25a0- flat, t beautifully « f urn. ; 4 ; rooms ; bring
. ': \u25a0•' $66 . rent : \u25a0 fine ' location ; : must • be ; seen to-be
\u25a0appreciated." -631 Van Ness* ave. ••: "
NICELY ,i furn. 1 ;": modern : flat.'. 7\u25a0:r. - and I b. ; ; half.
\u25a0 \u25a0 block' new postof flee.:.. 156 7th st. ~,\ third flocr.l
PLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
DIAMOND, SID— Flat of 3 nice sunny fur-
nl^hed roomy; $15.- . ' ' «
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
WHEELING ln\alld chair, rubber tires, sep-
arate leg rests, and old mahogany furni-
t ure. 719 Gr*«n st.
ALMOST given away; unrede-med storage pt-
anos and fur. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Mkt.
' FURNITURE WANTED.'
A— PHONE South 1015; It will pay you to send
for me before you sell your furniture, car-
pets. piano, etc M. GALLJCK. 201 Larkln.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
St.. bet. 9th and 10th, paying big money for
, furniture, etc. Phone South 179.
Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
nlture. carpets, etc 782 Mission: tel Bush 813
Z. ABE LEVY. 1135 Market at., phone Jeasia
761. pays cash and buys everything.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
.16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A— CENTRAL CAL. EMP. CO.. 3SS CFarrelL
Male and Female Help— Phone Main 3428.
French nursery governess, child 6. years.. s3o
Lady's maid. San Jose $30
Girl,, dentist's office $4 week
3 clerks, delicacy store, German pref.ss-s6wk.
Secretary and collector ..$5O
Parlor maid and waitress $30
S second girls, one German. Oakland.. s2s-$3O
4 nurses, infants $25-$3O
Nurse, 2 children. 3% and 2 years $25
German nursegirl. 2 children. 6-2. years.. s2s I
Woman with a child, -Dlxon $13
Woman with a child. Concord $25
Cook, small institution $30
'i cooks for convent and priest's home.s2o-$25
8 family cooks, 3 German $35-S4D
Cook, family 4, knowledge German cook.s4o
Girl. hswk.. family 3. French cooking... s3o
30 girls hswk., city and country... s2s-$3O
3 boardinghs. cooks. 1 Pt. Rlchraond..s3O-$35
C vraitrs.. rest.. 1 3-hrs. duty. 65c; oth.slowk.
Waitress. Salinas, fare paid both ways..s2s
GERMAN or French nurse for grown chil-
dren $30
A German nursery governess; grown chil-
dren $30
An English nursery governess $30
A first-class laundress: private family.. s3o
An Infants' nurse; references from city. .$3O
A waitress; also a chambermaid; same
hotel $25 each
A plain laundress for private family... .s22
A- chambermaid, willing to assist with
grown 'children; references $30
40 housework girls $30. $25 and $20
MISS PLUNKETT, 42S Sutter St.. nr. Powell
GIRLS to learn halrdresalng. manicuring, mas-
. sage. etc.. from A tot Z. in 1 mo. for $5 t«
| those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evening
class. Halrdresalng and Millinery. 8 Stockton.
WANTED— GirIs to learn millinery for fall: 2
. seasons -from start to finish in 1 mo. for $15;*
positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
, now for fall positions. School. 8 Stockton.. ,
LEARN hairdresslng, facial massage, manicur-
lng.scalp treatment, hair work.removal super- [
fluous hair; day, eve. classes; positions wait-
Ing: $10 week up. 210 Powell, r 2-3. 2d floor.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
GOOD PAY; STEADY WORK. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 32Va FREMONT ST. MR.
DAVIS. .
SEWING machine operators on shirts; clean,
-light factory; steady . work; Inexperienced
young women taught and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 1873 Mission
St., bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
WANTED — A neat, steady girl for housework
In small family: reference* wanted; German
preferred. Apply 1704 Fell st.
NEAT young girl to do cooking and general
housework; two In family; wages $20. Ap-
ply ,2965 Washington et.
WANTED — Young lady who can do plain
bookkeeping in retail paint store. Apply at
430 Devlsadero St. . „ -, . .
WANTED— Young girl to assist with hcuse-
.-.• work, -r 2529 Bush st. . - \u0084, -••. \u25a0-.. -„- .
GIRL for general housework; $20. Call after
0 a. m., 2967 Howard st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply
1001 A Guerrero st. \u25a0
WANTED — Bright young woman to assist
with child about 3 years of age and to do
second work; nice home for right party;
state experience, age and salary expected.
Apply box 3584, Call.
REFINED, neat girl for country place near
city to assist with, housework and care for
children: good home; treated as one of fam-
ily; references. Phone Bush 648, from S
:to 10 a. m.
WANTED — Competent teacher for Juvenile
class, ballroom and stag-* dancing: also as-
sist In evening class. Apply FINDLAY'S.
Sixteenth st., above Guerrero.
WANTED — Young women to learn telephone
operating; salary while learning: references
required. Apply after J» a. m.. 216 Bush st..
third floor. ' .\u25a0 .
LADIES to learn hairdresslng/ manicuring,
massage and electrolysis; special terms now;
good positions. MOLER'S System College,
405 Powell st.., . ;
EXPERIENCED OVERALL OPERATORS
AND GIRL 3 TO LEARN. STANDARD
FACTORY. COR. GOUOH AND GROVE.
A WOMAN of good address wanted for posl-
. tlon offering exceptional opportunity for ad-
vancement; state references. Box 4957. Call.
"EXPERIENCED operators on children's wear
to work In factory: paid by the week. 656
Mission st.." third floor. '.
\u25a0 *
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles* under-
, . wear to work In factory: paid by the week.
.656 Mission st.. third floor. \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0-'='
I.ADTES to do easy fancy work at home during
\u25a0 spare time; 'no experience: . about 10c per
hour. Call 9 to 5. 1344 Market St.. opp. 7th.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' suit and coat fitter
wanted; steady work and good pay. Apply
superintendent's office. THE EMPORIUM.
CERTIFICATED teachers for Cal. country
schools. McNeill Teachers' Agency, 31 Flood '
building. .• - '
A CERTIFICATE teacher for district school in
California. Calvin Eaterly. 613 Parrott bldg.
WANTED — Coat and sleeve hands; also oper-
. ator and shopper. MULRONEY. 110 Geary.
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
BOOKKEEPER and typewriter; state salary;
references. Box 1445. Call.
A CERTIFICATE teacher for district school In
California.- $7O. 518 Parrott bldg.
COOK, girl with good city references: apply
bet. 9-12 a. m.. Monday. 3346 Washington st.
GIRLS wanted to work on fruit; good, pay.
Pacific Syrup' Co.. 71.1 Sansome at.
WANTED — A woman for light housework and
mind a child 3 years old. 3241 Sixteenth at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
." Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ats.
A BRANCH : office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
•been 7 opened at 100S Market St. opposlt*
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
BARBERS— Employment and , Supplies.
IF you" want to sell your barber shop, see
\u0084 COLEMAN. : 311 Jas. . Flood bldg.
$000— FIRST-CLASS barber < shop for sale. In
wholesale ; district; . short hours: " bargain;
long lease.- COLEMAN. 311- Jas. Flood bldg.
FOR sale— Flrst-class shop; good location; fine
> fixtures; must sell this week; half price. 309
> Sixth st. \u25a0-.-•;. . '\u0084. .: ' ; .
FOR •\u25a0-. sale— Half "Interest- flrst-class bar-
: ber ' shop: \u25a0 good business. Alameda. Chest-
\u25a0f nut station. " \u25a0". ; . • .\u25a0'".'•.\u25a0"
BARBER shops for sale; 'special Inducements
given a. to . buyers. COLEMAN. 311 James
: . Flood .bulldtn*. :". \u25a0.!. \u25a0 . \u25a0 -
BARBER, first class In every particular, wants
S flrst-class Job; state wages. Address Barber,
:., 459; Bryant tt.: * ' : \u25a0-' - --
WANTED — A barber: - young man preferred.
. •; 947 . Fillmore st., \ corner McAllister. >"
.WANTED— A ! youns first-class ; barbsr of
r v. neat - appearance. '\u0084 643 Post st. ,
WANTED— Barbers 1 every Saturday and Sua-
• day. ;,1S:W; San Fernando st.. San Jose. ...i:
BARBER shop 'for 'sale, cheap;, rent' $10; 4
." \u25a0 rooms. '^ Inquire ' Call. :- \u25a0
BARUER'shop' for 'sale; best location; must
aell* quick;: great bargain. 31 Market at. ,
BARBER shop? fp'ri sal«." j 1202: Fllraore.
FIRST-CLASS' two-chair shop, with long lease.
>' 2408 California: St.." near Fillmore.. \u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; good business.'
475 Seventh st.. Oakland. \u25a0
HELP TVAsNTKD — MAXM. •
A-MURRAY & RE-\DT. 6 a^ »«•
Phone Main. 5*4 S.
Our own Println*
Plant isjuca our tree \u25a0 Mat . ot. position* torn
Umei daily— 7 a. m.. Id a. m..
' OUR^^i^o'N^N^iyGßXaA.
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION Or
FIR3T-CLASS p HELP. wANT
THE BEST HELP, DO AS OTHERS DO—
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY. ti34.6att Clay st
Leading Employment and. Labor Ageata.
THE lUO^^jKvJ^gp: TU^
RIGHT OF MAN TO WOK».
W. r«v. in 1904 ltt0& we ho V* *»
«.U a men w'orit ?^f? W '«^- .
LOS ANGELES-^S-GREA-rCROWD GOING.
TO LOS ANGELES. $3.
67 laborers. 8 tours' work. $bO i- A.
6B two-horse teamsters, you'll suit. $80. L. A.
63 hammermen and drillers.. »»o. £• a.
15 six-horse teamsters. $»o. **\u25a0 \u25a0*-
192 extra, and section gans; laborers.
R. R. work. Get tickets to-day, $5- A.
Ship 9a.rn.to Los Angeles. $5.
MURRAY & READY. 634-«3tt Pay »t.
BRICKLAYERS. ETC.
SUcker band. mllL $3 K» day.
Wagon-maker and ' woodw ; r * er^'r.^i^"
Furniture machine hand: * band sawyers.
8 sticker hands: 12 cornice-makers.
0 weavers on blankets.
. CARPENTERS.
ARIZONA-HALF R. R- RATE-
65 carpenters. Government work. $105 monta.
" 14 carpenters, all-round Job. far* $1. new
work. $3 50 day. „ _- A
10 carpenters, tare $2. special Job. $3 3O cay.
13 carpenters 'or buUdlng tramways dnr
lumber »aeds. etc.. steady Job » montha.
W& ißonth.
OREGON.
COAL MINERS.
FARE $8.
$1 PER TON.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Cay at.
COOKS. COOKS. iSP^sfo
45 cooks, different places. $30, $75. $30. »*»
and found.
3 tamale-makers. good Jobs.
WAITERS. WAITERS. , i « WA " :EK 5 #
26 waiters, different places, $43, $40. *Jtf.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAKIR9
30 waiters, different places. $35, $-0. $25.
$20 and found. __«.
LAUNDRYMEN— BELLBOYS.
3S laundrymen. all classes. $3. $2 50. $2 day.
Bell and elevator boys, different Jobs. ,
BUTCHERS AND BAKER -
4 butchers, all-round men. $45. $35 found.
Butcher slaughter-house work. $40 found.
All-round butcher, exceptionally good Job,
$50 and found. ...
Butcher, shop, wagon, fare 80c. $45 found.
16 bakers' helpers. $70, $60. $50. $43. $33.
$30. ?25 and found.
Slaughter-house butcher. Bausage-ma*er. fare
$1 60. $40 to $20 and found.
Butcher, small country shop. $30 and found.
Butcher, fare 40c. special Job, $40 and found.
Butcher all-round, fare $3, $33 and found.
LAUNDRY.
Marker and distributor, fare $1. $15 week.
Polisher. laundry, south, $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READYa 834-636 Clay at.
INCORPORATED COMPANY.
S3 laborers build boulevard. $60. fare- 600.
OIL PIPE LINE. SOUTH.
25 laborers, special fare. $45 and found, i*
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS. JS>
IS4 laborers, different Jobs, "you'll salt. $33.
$75 $45 and found; call early.
' LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
865 laborers and teamsters, different Jobs,
some in San Francisco. $2. $2 23. $2 50
day; come »«e us. -_
FARMS. ORCHARDS. ETC
65 general ranch hands. $30. $35. $40 fd.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
67 men and boys for chores. $13, $20. $-3.
$30 and found.
DAIRYMEN.
26 milkers, butter and cbeeaa makers. $30,^
$35. $40 and found.
FREE TO SAWMILLS ANT> WOODS.
365 laborers, fare paid, you'll suit. $35. $10,
$45 and found.
126 experienced woodsmen, millmen. from pil-
ing lumber to manager of mills and woods.
$35. $40, $50, $60. $70. 530, $90, $123 month
and found; come and s«e ua.
STABLEMEN.
SG stablemen, different Jobs. $33 and found-
to piO. $75.
is boys for different trades. $4. $3, $5 week.
Boys for tactorit*. Z :^*T" mf*»* kayy.^- -V
Boya for country, box factories. . •. \u25a0- ...
Man and wife, man for garden, -wife cook.
$50 and fouad.
Gang edgerman. north. 535 and fouad.
155 WOODCHOPPERS.
LABORERS. ETC.
16 laborers for a mine. 30c fare. $67 M.
IS laborers, build new R. R.. 3«7 50.
NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
12 laborers, pile lumber in yard. $60.
TIEMAKER3 AND WOODCHOPPERS.
33 ttemakers. different places. .
65 woodchoppers, different places.
5 millmen and amalgamators. $90.
12 muckers State of Nevada. $75 and fd.
SHIP CALKERS. $5* A DAT.
LATHERS. 15c FARE.
3 GOOD LATHERS, LONG JOB, $2 23 M.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Wood turner. $3 50 to $4 day.
Machine hand, ripsaw, $2 25 day.
Married coachman. $40. 'saw
' Tailor, country institution. $600 year found»>-
Harness-maker for ranch, $33 and found.
Spanish cook, make tamalea. country. $50 fd.
NEW JOBS— BIG LUMBER CO.
25 carpenter?, all rouga work. $105.
15 laborers to help carpenters. $75.
20 yard men. same lumber company, $37 50.
16 men. pile lumber. $73.
25 laborers, grade R. R. for sama L co.,
$67 50. - -
LOOK— MINE— LASSEN CO. .
12 miners, hand work, boas at our office. $Mk
12 muckers, boss at our office. $73.
FOR A QUARTZ JUNE.
5 laborers, you'll suit, $60.
3 painters, root painting, city. $2 50 day.
Shlngler. -54 day: shingle sawyer, $3 day.
LOOK— FARE ONLY $1.
25 two-horse teamsters. 2 horses. $67 50.
Experienced crockery packer, city, steady
CARPENTERS— NEVADA.
I 25 carpenters. State of Nevada. $105.
Belt man for factory, fare $1. $3 day.
Engineer, mine co.. north. $90.
Plumber and gasfltter. fare 50c. $4 day.
25 REDWOOD TIEMAKERS. 130 EACH.
Poultry man. clean fish. $13 week. .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Cay at.
ENGINEER, traction, plowing.
Machine blacksmith, city Job.
Handy man, r'p'r furniture, desk*. «te., $30.
Tlnter. $2 50 day.
2 nurses. 535 found.
2 laundrymen. $30 found.
Butcher shop, take orders. $13 week.
Clerk, country hotel, middle-aged man. $20^
St READY. 634-638 Clay st.
LE VERM AN. boss here; No. 1 dredeer, $7 and
found.
2 painters, city, housework. $3 50 day.
Varatsher and polisher, city. $2 to $2 50 day.
Screw turner, fare $2 50. $2 to $2 23 day.
Sawfller, lumber co., fare $3. $2 SO day.
2 experienced crockery packers. $3 to $2 f^g
da 3r * PRINTER. •
Printer, country Job shop. $40.
.FREE FARE." \u25a0•
20 headermen. \u25a0 bi* * tnnnel. $8T 50.
BOSS HERE; FREE FARE. -
16 laborers. Lake Co.. lumber co.. $40 tt. .
LOOK.
Farmer and wife, fare 90c; easy Job. $33 fd. J
Farmer and wife. Yolo Co.. boss here. $50 fd.
LOOK.
4 waiters.- fare paid. $12 week fd.
Cook, hospital, fare fl, $40. • \
4 vegetabletnen. different city places, $30 fd.
Laccb cook and porter, city saloon, $30 fd.
TO-DAT.
BOSS HERE.
12 bridge carpenters, $4 80 day.
5 laborers to help carpenters, $73.
FOR NEVADA STATE. FARE FRES
BOTH WAYS. v
.MURRAY 9c READY. 634-636 Clay at.
: FACTORY.
23 laborers, $60.
' BOS 3 HERB.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED for V. S. army— Able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35:
citizens of United States, of gnod character
and temp«rate habits, who ca'i speak, read
-\u25a0 and write English. For Information - apply
to Recruiting . Officer. 204 Rlalto building.
New Montgomery st. San Francisco. Cai.
ERRAND boy for dental laboratory. $3 p«r
week. Call Monday. » a. m. 31S Donohoa
bldg.. 8 Taylor at. ' . _ \u25a0
YOUNG man with some experience either at
-' harness-making or carriage trimming. 718
-"' Folsom st. ' . . - \u25a0 -\u25a0-, . . -. "..„-.-
WANTED — Flrst-class watchmaker to work ln-
- side. LINDNER BROS.; 20.H. Sutter at.
ONE cook, two waiters, one bellboy, one «lass
.'. man. one dlshwa3her. 31S James Flood bldg.
DISHWASHER wanted; .flrst-class- restaurant.
20>? McAllister et. - . . - .
LUNCH waiter. 604 Fourth st. \u0084". *O^p»'
WANTED— Cook in small restaurant; $10 Ber *
. week. 131 Filth «t." \u25a0.: .-.-.- ..-, ; ,-\u25a0
BOYS W3ntedf goodt wages, y 607 Market at.
[FOUR young, men [wanted. 607 Market a*.RE A D THE WA NT ADVERT ISEME NT S
BTELP WAVTED— MALE — CoatlnueO.
-A— AMERICAN '
\u25a0;->• EMPLOYr4ENT BUREAU. .
C_» COMMUr.CIAL ST.. '
PUONE BUSH sn
FiiEE FARE BOTH WAYS. C I>OS.-> HEUK
10 CARFKNTEXtii— PRIVATE R. K. in
NEVADA— BMDUE \\ ORK. '. $1
15 CARPENTERS— NEW WORK : S'.OTj
S ItOL'GH CAIii'ENTERS— NORTH . . \u25a0** s<>
5 CAIiPENTEKS— EAST Sli-'O
SANTA CX.CZ CO.— LUMBER COMPANY.
5 men Jead. lun:l.cr en csts ?f!7 50
10 re Übttfci v:.-.. mill, }ou'l! do ?G<)
FRT~E FARt:— Z7> Übortrs. sxeady $t'7 JO
FRjiE FAIU.— .V» laborer* 52 to f 2 2."i
10 mm to v.ork in itIiANFIELUS. •*:> • fd.
$1 fwe— s raachhsnds ?"0 fd.
a. H. li. K.—VUEK FARE — 25 laborers
6 laJxrers. help tariwniers $2 M>
-5 Jutr.ber filers, **Ci; "S laborers, loseins
R. li., >67 KO. VJany ctKf-r jebs.
SHIKGLD pecker. $<<> am! b-avJ; lumber
R-ra'or, ?50 an<j brr.rd; icgway man. fiO and
board: S lumber I'Uers. $*() and beard:
farn.irs. $rB, $2G oni $:«» and found; labor-
ers, about mill and woods. $10 and found;
ictorers. company v.ork. t- day; siab!«Qcn.
" $30 ar4 found anJ $60 rr.ci-.th: farmer anj
wife, \u25a0 f 5-> and beard, and others. J. F.
: CROSETT &\u25a0 CO., ti^S Sacramento Ft.
Ccv)X and wife. JJIO : kitchen rr.an and wife
»'a!trei-E. ?G5; cook and wift-, $s*; 2 waiter?/
countrj' mill. $25; ele-vaior boy. {25; hct?l
porter. $S«", and others. J. F. CROSETT
'& CO.". t2B Sacramento st.
AT KORD & SMITH'S Employment Office.
C2S Clay at. Telephone Main 5521.
Free Fare to Nevada Ttt-day. Free Fare.
p. p. Company's Own Work. No Discount.
Jvab^rers. J- 25 and S2; rnre fare.
Drillers on the new railrwid. No discount.
A year's work. Drillers, $- -5. Go to-day.
Tt srr.slers, $2 50 and 52 25. No discount.
Two free fere jobs for laborers at f2.
RousTi carpenters. $3: new company work.
Granite <juarryman. $2 00: bis company.
E tableman, city. $12 to $15 week.
X— ePECIAL. Free Fare. See Boss Here.
15 laborers, $2 25 a day, board $5 a w*ek;
ctc-.p cook, $75; second cook, $40; camp
tvaiter. $20: aJI above men for a fint-claes
railroad cemp. Call early.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 4» Bush st.
_____
ANDRE'S O:flee» 317 . Stockton st.
Night cook and chop house. $10 a week;.
v.-&ners, near city, ;-12 a '»-f*k: bftdmaker.
country hotel, $20 and fjur.d; night pcrter.
resisurar.t, $30; kitchen hand. French, eoun-t
try. $30: choreman, private piece, $25; etc.
A MAN to tend bar an* clean up mornings.
Apply after V a. m.. SM Third ft.
WANTED — An errand boy. Apply at Sunset
Eszaar. 42 -Third ft.
LYNCH waiter wanted. Junction Restaurant,
Tn-gnty-elgfcth end Valencia sts; 11 to 1..75 C.
YOVNG man to work arcund hotel. 1343 Ilar-
risoq st- \u25a0_
MAN to learn srood trade; steady work; pay
while learn'.r.g. 310 Foleom st. .
MEN and women to learn the barber trade in
S weeks; tuition earned while learning; situ-
ations ruaranteed: colieres in all large cities.
MOLER'S SYSTKM COLLEGE. (44 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 neir rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 2y) rooms. 25c to EOc per night.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; new
method; tuition earned while leaminr: posi-
tion guaranteed after 8 weeks. GILLMAN'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 627 Clay Bt.
k WANTED — Young man experienced In fucni-
m ture or buelr.ers in general: office and store
work. Appiy to H. SCHELLHAAS. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED bushelman; steady place;
Fwede or German; .Monday morning. Room
lift Phelan bldg.
WANTED — 4 boys not over 16 years; chance
tor advancement. Apply room 5. Telephone
building. MR. BOGART. .
MAN wanted for Janitor work in exchange for
learning the barber trade. GILLMAN
BARBER COLLEGE. C 27 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED card writer wanted: state age
and experience. Address box 9670. Call
\u25a0office. ;
MEN and women to learn the barber trade;
tuiticn free: positions ' guaranteed after 8
weeks. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
V.' ANTED— Honest jeweler's apprentice boy.
17 Lick riace, Lick House. \u25a0 '\u0084\~
A BEDMAKER for Sacramento; $25 and
found. Apply Monday. 107 Powell st.
WA^'TETD — Bright office boy for large retail
>'CUfre. - Bo» -^553.-<:a!l. -•-. - - -• - •
PRESSMAN on folding box, catting and creas-
?7g press. 520 Market st. \u25a0
WANTED — Polisher: also finisher. Columbia
Laundry Co., 1925 Bryant Et.
I'ETECTIVES— lysarn the business; money ma.<ie
while learning. 604 Montgomery st., room 204.
SAILORS ard ordinary seamen for all parts of
tftt world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart Bt.
WANTED — Men to fill 800 rooms at 20c per
right: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
irie lipht in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
IO.OCO WORKINGMEN to buy our genuine
army sho*s; all inspected. ICS Third st.
BAILORS and young men <green hands) for
th'.ps. HAIXBERT. 517 Jactaon et.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law end Adjustment Co.. 49 2d St., rm 522.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan bid
Past Com.-O!o; H. Thomas Poet. G. A. R.
DAUTEL "wants 1800 men. to buy inspected
Government shoes at 631 Sacramento et.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Tfclrd st. # nr Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms; Ssc night; reading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch effice. cor. Duncan & Church ets.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
b«en opened at 100S Market st^ opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. .-\u25a0
SOLICITORS.
LADY or gentleman experienced In soliciting
and celling rooming-houses; liberal con-
tract to a good 'arty; call Monday. Room
2. 100S*4 Market^t - \u25a0\u25a0
HORSES -AND WACOM
SECOND-HAND rubber-tire ' coupe, fiocter's
. phaeton, canopy-top surrey. Toomey road
' cart. 3^pass*nger wagonette; cheap, at SOO
Golden Gate are.
O BRIEN buggy for sale; leather top. rubber
tires, pole and shafts ; doctor or business;
cheap. Box 4943. Call. •
A— FOR sale; four good ble; yourlff mules;
also a number of corses. 411 Sixth et.
A LIGHT \u25a0 wagon, \u25a0 horse, harness ; $30. 27
Croke St., eff Mission near China aye.
FECOND-HAND delivery wagons and buggies.
IS7O Turk st. - \u25a0 \u25a0 .- .--\u25a0-•
AUCTION 6al< of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
FIVE express wagons, from 1 tp 8 tons; large
malt or grain wagons. 233 Bfeale st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 re*es. sejit to any address In the
Ur.lt*d Etates cr Canada one year for tl.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list ef houses to let; eend for., cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBEEN & CO., 29 Montgmy.
TAYLOR, 154« — Sunny bouse of 10 rooms and
bath in good -condition; fln« view; rent $45.
Key at 023 Broadway. ;
MARY, 20. near Fifth end Mission— House of
7 rooms, double parlors; rent cheap.
HOUSES V.'t\TED.
MODERN; it rooms; Van Ktss and Devlsa-
cero. Green and California sts. Box 1432.
Call. \u25a0 - ....,,
COTTAGES TO LET.
CARPETS c!ean»<J, Se yard: leTdT^eTTurnlture
tnoved. Gisfloa-. gC3 Larkin; Phone East 745.
COTTAGE of 4 room*; rent $15. Apply owner.'
lumber yard, corner . Army, and Cocdon sts.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms, bath and wachtrays;
. rent $14. Apply 350 Preclta aye.
HOTELS. ~~~
-•\u25a0 \u25a0 '. \u25a0* * \u25a0 ' ' \u25a0 \u25a0»
HOTEL Ft. Nicholas, , Market, Larkin, Hayes
fts. — Iltart of S. F.; modern; American end
European plans; electric lights and phone
every room; hot and cold water; quiet.
UTVAXro CHAIRS.
SOLD,. rented." exchanged ; manufacturer of the
Eamet tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 77s
JAPANESE CONTRACT LABOR.
JAPANESE cor.tract" labor for farming, wood-
chopping, tree prunlnjr or any work; esta.b S
jit. Uatsuisotd & Co.. box 125.* Alvarado, Cal.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE..
C. A. HcNEILL LAUNCH C0., -foot- of Clay
rt.. for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
. LOST AXD FOUND. .
LOST— Tturstiay. Sept. if from "15 Ashuury
tt., onall, white, wlrj-halr fox terrior dog,
"Dennis": brown .. epet - : on rump and tail;
1 ' small brown rpot on back of head: right side
: of lace brown: left sid; white; tall cut short:
is friendly snd will sit up. Please notify
I above addrrrs or call up phone Park 328. .
) LOST — A pass book with Hibernla Sav-
> ir.g» and Loan Society of San Franciaco in
.the name of Wijliam Cummincs or Janetts
', Cummir.gs. No. 2CB-13CS. The finder will
I );i«ssB return to bank.
? LOST— A pars booU with the Hibernla Sav-
irtEs ?.nd Loan Society of .San Fraiiclsco in'
the name of Mary or Thomas Ms.ekey, No.
1 10-455. The finder will please return to
J bank. . \u25a0
t LOST — On Elliß-st. car. betwer#« Van Ness aye.
• er.j Market. St., September 21 between 3 and
; 4 p. m.. cijrar box containing jeweiry; $200
; reward for return of Jewelry I nd no questions
! csk'rd. Address P. O. box S4S.
\u25a0 LOST— Ladies' watch and pin between Sixth
: .ir.d Twtlfth and liroadway - and Washington
; stß. . Address MISS J. GOMEZ. .1252 Seven-
' t»r>nth st.. San Francisco. Reward.
IX>S~i — A passbook with thi Hib«rnia Savings
and Loan Society of- San Francisco lit the
; narpe of KATHEUINE HODGDON: No.
• 252-2C6. Finder pieaee returned to bank.
? LOST— Silver purse on Fillmora ft., between
Cailforn'a and Washington; reward. 2"-*24
• Clay st. '
MEDICAL
• DR G. W. O'DONNELL— LadIes, all who are
• ' fvlck m Jn trouble, consult this specialist on
female complaints; positively corrected: the
unfortunate helped; the mo*t difficult eaees
treated: tver>- case ttken; immediate relief:
' r.o • pciswninß drugs; low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of Irregularity; consult
roe; Eave time and money: advice fres. Office
1018 Market st.: hours 9 a. m. till 9 p. m.
. MRS.. DR. WYETH. «eciaH«t for ' all \u25a0 female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
; guaranteed: £0 years' experience. 044 Pott »t.
: MRS DR KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
? malo troubles and irrefrularitiee; -instant re-
5 lief ruarrntped. Office bcurs 9 to P. Kunflsy
10 to 2. lOt'lMa Market. at., opposite Fifth.
WOMEN'S diseases and irregularities cured in
"4 hoar*- 19 years' experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling: strictly private; elite patron-
; age only. Dr. Sylvester's office. 120 C Market.
••E M "—Woman's specific; cures Irregulari-
ties in three days; $1 25; In plain wrapper
." fey expr«?Fs. Century Remedy Co., 405
Montgomery st. \u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 '
DBS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment: reliable,
safe promrt for female irregularities; relief
'-' or no fee; $10; hrs. 0-8. 850 Mkt. et.. suite 37.
- DR C C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence
1021^4 Market »t.. bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention raid to diseases of women.
• A— MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Lea\-enworth St.,
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East W7.
" DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market.
i ! A— DR. HOWARD; ladle*, relief or no fee;
$10; hours 8-0. 006 Market st.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2595 Folsom St.. corner
Twenty-sixth; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALB.
H S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office and salesroom, 130 Beale st.
Works and Yards, Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a brand new lot of pipe complete,
ready for Immediate delivery.
V-lach pipe.... $3 25 per hundred feet (new)
p1p«... .53 P5 per hundred feet (new)
1-lnch pipe J5 70 per hundred feet (new)
IU-inch pipe.... $7 60 p«r hundred feet (new)
IV4-lnch pipe $S 00 per hundred feet (new)
5-lnch pipe... $11 95 per hundred feet (new)
2^4-In. ecrew pipe (2d h<i); ready foruse.lOe
3-in. eorew pipe <2d hd); ready for Uee.l2^o
SH-in. ecrew pipe (2d hd); ready for use.lSo
4-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. 10c \u25a0
Eend by check, money order or coin by W. F.
Express Co. with order.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office 130 Beale st. *v
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication^.
2d-HAKD machinery, engines, boilers, pumpt,
pulleys, shafting, . etc.. etc., bought, «old,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MACHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A RESPONSIBLE credit ccrjpany has made
arrangements with all the leading merchant;
tailors to dispose of their misfit and uncalled
fcr garments. The same, to be had en credit
on email weekly or- monthly payments
Trunks, grips and - suit cases •on the sam*
terms, etoekton Street Credit Co.. 21 Stock-
ton et., near Market, second ftoor. . :
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. 1 MoIN-
TOSH A WQLPMAN. -ISS-197 Fremont st.
AN easy way to buy \u25a0 diamonds, watches. Jew-
elry, cut glass and clocks, without paying
epot cash, at etrictly cash prices/ is by trad-
ing st the Regent Jewelry Store, Dept. C,
4 Stockton St., near Market. , Send postal for
Illustrated catalogue. ; .
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tablet; easy payments; we rent tables.
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures: cheap prices. ERUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. C 25 Mission St.. 8. F.
TO opticians — Relnhard refractor and retlno-
scop«, electric attachments new and com-
plete; $15 takes It. Address DR. HUNTER,
College of Osteopathy. Loe Angeles. -
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought,
sold and exchanged ; power plants in their
entirety bought. Western Machinery Co., •
230 to 240 Main et.
400 FEET of iron fence, posts, gates and every.
thing in Al condition, for sale cheap. J.
CONANT. 1055 Broadway, rooms 11 and 12,
Oakland.
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 336 Main st. .
FOR tale — 300 \u25a0 Columbia No. 6 dry cells;
shelf worn. Call or write Columbia Mfgr., 313
Minna st.
MACHINERY of all kinds, pipe, shafttn*. etc..
bought, sold, rented and exchanged. WEST-
ERN MACHINERY CO.. 230 to 240 Main st.N
14-K gold fountain pens 60c; Sheffield hollow-
ground rasors, 50c; selling out our cutlery &
stationery dept. SUNSET BAZAAR, 42 3d st.
MACHINISTS' lathes. 19-foot bed, 9-foot bed
.and 6-foot bed. JOHNSON & HORAN. 602
Third et. •
A — GENTS' full dress 'suits to- rent. Jv
COOPER. 21 Stockton St., second floor.
FOR *ale, t<» be- removed; -48 Seventh st., near
Market, two-story house.
ONE tall grandfather's clock; wood movement;
for .sale cheait. 519 Jackson st.
A MACHINIST'S lathe. 6 ft. bed. 12- inch
swing. F. THOMS, 1139 Mission St., S. F.
A 54-FT. round tent for sale; cheap. F.
THOMS, 11S3 Mission __ S. F.' ... , •
40-HORSEPOWER engine., and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. CO2 Thtrd tt. - - . ' -
PONY planer, double . headed r heper, 8-lnch
flicker. Jigsaw, planer and ..matcher. 602 3d.
DUCK club membership for sale; Suisun
marshes. Box 5000. Call office.
DESKS and orfice furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. P. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES — Printer, "611 Sansoms St.,
San Francisco. j . \u25a0
SOLID eilver tea eat, S pieces, at a bargain. 10
Elxth.tt. "." ' \u25a0-'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
NEW and ellirhtly used launches. •; Cal. Launch
Work*, "Blandlng aye., Alameda. - -
LARGE show tent in rood condition.' W. A."
P-UMMER."III Clay gt.
BOOKS bought and ; sold.- KING'S Old Book
Store. 61 McAllister et..' near Market.
MILES of pipo and fittings, ' all sizes/cheap,
EUGENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
TWO merry-go-rounds: one miniature railway.
" - BACIGALUPI. 805 Kearny et.
— 9 '
HIGH grade second-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCKLLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES — New ard second-hand. . THE " HER-
MANN, SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento 6t. .
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Pott st.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
AAAAA^Hlghest prices for ladles' gents' cast-
off clothing. Tei/ Davis 525. 650 Sacramento.,
HIGHEST prices for ladies' and gents' castofC
- clothing- Tel. Howard 1157; 154 Ninth st. \u0084
I>I AMONDS. etc., : bought tor cash. • Karl Eber
— Co., 400-401 Adams bldg.. 2CB Kearny st. w
MUSICAL IJfSTRUaiENTS.
*~~A BUNCH OF UPRIGHT BAROAINS.
Good - Upright for. practice .......... ... . ; . $55
One a little better .$65
MaMfeldt — Notnl: fine condition ."..$llO
Neumann; a fine / t0ne. . ...... . . ........ ..5145
1 adcllo — rented 8 • months; , latest style. ..s2lo
CMckering, Voso; Btelnway, Curtaz.. .'.sl6s up
BENJ/CURTAZ v fe SOK,: 16 Q-Farrell st.-;
OUR large and increasing resting business en-;
ables us to relit the best pianos in the city for
*'»60"and $3 * **er~. month,- some : at^s2;- one
vear'c rental allowed if piano is purchased.*
tiCGTT CURTAZ^ PIANO CO.. 660-64 Hayes."
LADY unexpectedly called abroad ;— ants'party
, to take';her piano and pay .balance : still « due"
in small, monthly paj^nents; is about^ half
paid fcr. Call 327 iw^.«t. -»
;THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 2; 1905;
-.M.yjMffAl. rJ\STnU.Mß.\TS~CanH— 'il.'.
A LADY having "Stelnway upright.-;- piano In
- storage and not-- havins -any • usef for: same
.'will sell £or one-third orfffinal cost; easy
payments.: .Boxi-iUSO, .Call. \u25a0 .--. \u25a0' ' ' *
A RTEINWAY, in c»»^f condition., s6s. Call at
DSI Valencia st. *"
-ELEGANT uprishts. new/ 2d-hand. . $40-SSOO/
PIERCES Piano Factory, Market and 14th.
CHICKERING" upright. $165. 237 * Geary st. '
Upright Vose S Knabe, 2-ha:id; bargain; cheap-
r.«t place. tn rent: Hornunif.' 2l6 '\u25a0 McAllister. 1
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pi-
anos/ furn: Wriitehead's storage.', IGSK- Mrkt.;
SOHMER. Byron Mauiy pianos. Cecllian piano
pia'yer. BYRON MAUZY. 3CP-312 Post st. - ;
NEW. upright pianos-sold o.n ?5. monthly pay-
ments. . gCHMITZ & CO. J .;16 McAllister at:
8-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickerlng baby grand.
Shonlnger little used. Keeffß's. 285 O'Farreli.
MONEY VTOLOAIS*.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN.' . . . ."
INTEREST sij AND 0 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
v . /. . PROPERTY . . .... .,.:..:..
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates in Probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests In property,
purchased. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. . \u25a0 .-. •\u25a0 r. . .. > - \u0084 ......
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY. ... .
Suite: 107 r 108 Crocker bldg.; phonef Main 6924.
AAA— HERMAN -MURPHY. .' . "\u25a0•> " ~ "
601-602-603 P^xamlner Building.
, Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly. . •
Estate*, second mottcases, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etcv; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased. \u25a0. \u25a0
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Wb<sn you need money *
See HERMAN MURPHY. . 1
~~" WILL LOAN , ', j
, - reasonable amount on
t / • Ist.- 2d or Sd -
\u25a0 Mortgages on real estate
In city, town or country.
... I/ow rate of .. intorest. \u25a0
- - Give -full particulars-.-,--'
of property,; :;- ?>'.'
Location, etc. - \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
"\u25a0\u25a0 ,Box 223, Call" office. \u25a0"\u25a0 ;.
ANY salaried employe : or wags earner can
GET JL'ST ON HIS NOTE:
:. •-.:..*" Mo. , Semi-Mo. Week.
$50 — Return to us .....SIS 35 or $6 €5 or $3 86
30— Return to us ..... SOO or 400 or 2 00
20— Return to us 6 35 or . 2 65 or 1 35
15 — Return to us ..... 400 or 200 or 1 00
Or any other sum and pay back in proportion-
THE CRESCENT LOAN C0.,' &00 Rialto bldg.,
- New Montgomery and Mission * sts.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton et., near Market.
-- 2d floor.. •
Loans made to salaried people without any
publicity or other . inconvenience on their
notes; -Uoans on real estate in probata;-llfe
insurance policies, estates, ' second V - mort-
gages. aesignments Qf reqta, etc. -.' ;i ' :\u25a0:;
A GOOD, responsible place to" borrow money at
1 per cent on your diamonds, watches and
Jewelry or ''other valuables is the Portland
Jewelry Co., .25 \u25a0 Stockton st.", . near . Market.
All pledges stored on the premises .in our
own burslar and. fire proof safe deposit,
vaults. We are -the. only loan -office In this
city usine their own" vaults. - . »- .- - \u25a0
SALARY LOANS— ~~~~~~~~~~~" ;
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment:,
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place, 'to obtain
'.liberal advances . on. diamonds, Jewelry, at 1
per cent interest. - • Baldwin Jewelry Store, ;
078 Market St., tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market st. and 27 Third et. >-
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; lowest
rates; no commission; confidential. 506-7
Donchoe bldg 1 ., 8 Taylor St.. corner -Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried, people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in'4o.
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bids.
WE loan on improved city realty at cheapest
market rates. EQUITABLE SECURITIES
COMPANY, San Francisco. Cal., room 331,
Merchants' Exchange - building.
A — Lowest rates on real estate, Ist or 2d mort-
gages," life insurance; or o"n any security, any'
(.-amount. .O.VW.- BECKER, 36. Geary, room 36.
MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. - \u25a0 •-.".-,
.Any proposition, 4»-2d St.. Wells-Farpo Ex-
r press bldg. -Wage-Earners'. Invt. & Loan Co.
ALVA Co. (The) loans money to salaried people,
without security; good \u25a0 terms and i easy pay-
' menta; also on other security. 'so7 -Flood bldg/
PURCHASING or lonning you to build; taking
\u25a0 up your old mortgage or loan; best rates in
city. Box 394/ Call. '\u25a0-- . \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0 : \u25a0
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bldg.. 809 Market, cor 4th. BUlte 1, cst. 1858.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold. '
silver, diamonds," pearls and- precious stones
bought at W. J.^HESTHAL'S. \u25a0 10. Sixth st.
SALARIED people without security; also on'
lurn.. estates in probate, life ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & In vest., Co.. 612 .Parrott. bldg.
ANY amount, real' estate or other security;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
LOANS — Salaried. people: "confidential"; 2 per
cent: chattels, etc. .450 Montgomery/ r. 518.
DON'T borrow money on .-salary, until you see
us. Huttcn Credit Co., 012 Mutual Bank bldg-/
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo, 8. F-, Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
McGAHVIE & C 0. .720 Market St., loans money,
65 to 80 per cent of valuation of property.
CASH loaned salaried-people on notes without
. indorser. MORRELL, 609. Examiner.. bldg.-. r.
BIOJTEY WAXTED.
MARRIED -couple -wants- loan of- $300 for
business; best of security.- Box 4925/. Call.
MUSEUMS.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market et./ near Sixth.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO lease — 20,000 square feet;, finest buildings in
city; 3 street- frontages;, splendidly lighted;
centrally located; 'all conveniences; as a
whole "ori In - any size .' required : low ; rates.
HUGH : KEENAN CONSTRUCTION . CO.,
80 Jessie St., San Francisco^Cal. ;.; -,-,:.- ;;
STORE to rent,. 1430 Market St., oppoelte Sev-
enth; rent $125. ..._'.
CORNER', store; " cheap rent. Inquire C9B
Fulton st. -\u0084\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0:
NICE sunny. offices, overiooklnjr Market;- grand
display windows. The Metropole,:6.Turkst.
HOWARD. NW. cor.- 22d— Store,* suitable ;for.
grocery and \u25a0 bar or groceries ; good* location.
1, 2, 3 or 6 OFFICES; grand corner; $20 each;
1 furnished. $25. 0 O'Farrell et. .. . - *
PERSONALS.;
• . "VICTORY OVER DISEASES." i • •
••REXRADIO'S" . C-U-R-E-D 'PATIENT, E.
Engleke. plone-r. San • Francisco Editor qf
- 40 years \u25a0 ago, " now * , of CAL/ 'DEM-
OKRAT.testifles .-—"After 20 years of , ex- ;
cruclatlng. disabling... crippling RHEUMA-
TISM. I was -WHOLLY and PERMANENT- :
LV cured .- by \u25a0 Rexradio's /; O-N-E : druglesa
treatment, ' and hai r e: been -entirely free from
all old symptoms for ? SIXTY DAYS, and'
still am • able to work hard. - RUN - and
LEAP HHe - an- athlete; PERMANENTLY,
cured. Of my numerous friends., who, > by my.
advice, have been- to R«xradio, all, * without'
i exception, were wonderfully ; and successful-
ly treated,; and are loud .In ; his . praise. = J I
can introduce . you to - many thankful
patients who suffered \u25a0 severely and long from
' PARALYSIS.' anchylosis, -FITS, lumbago,,
.chronic and Inflammatory' RHEUMATISM.
\u25a0cancer/total DEAFNESS,? dropsy,- -etc. As
a public DUTY- to -the. sickr I will receive
all i CALLERS :• and answer r all LETTERS-
containing .- a ,. stamped envelope. : • Rexradio
Is c- T-H-B 1 healer :- of.; the . century. "V- E. _n-
gleke. Cal. Demokrat. offices, 51 Tltird -st. -
•'REXRADIO'S" THANKFUL, >' restored " pa-
'\u25a0'\u25a0 tients will : attenA .-: tb« " offices. .this- week? to
meet and- converse i with a enquirers; "CALL
; and v BEE I them. £,' and A WITNESS * the • con-
stant cures I made : in - the .: ever,\ CROWDED <
. offices; -also; READ: the ' stacks .' of ;\u25a0 : wonder-
ful - testimonials : ' TEN YE ARS treating > the
sick in S.;F.;I 14,000 successful treatments
• th«- vast year; "AvFREE SAMPLE- of .the
. ' (drugless) . hcallnp ; power- given to each ". visi- ,
tor. Consultation free. 'W-H-Y BE SICK 7
Hour* 2 t0 . 6.; 600 5 Kearny ; st."- . ' - •- • .
AT less than cost; 1 uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers attCHARLES'LYONS'.iLondon
Tailor. : 721? Market 'st/>: -.\u25a0";\u25a0 \u25a0 -.:-,\u25a0 ;. •. • .
BTAR • hair remedy," tonic,* restores color, : cures '
: dandruff/ etops falling; druggists. -hair dress-;
crs. Star- Remedy j Co.;t 821 % Polk Bt. \u0084.: ; ;
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per -week."
. NEUH AUS & CO.. the ; tailor. ; 720 , Market ' st.
I AVILL'not be responsible 'for! any 'debts cott^:
t ; tracted , by my iwife.' 'WILLIAM T.' s BRANT/
MISS UNDERWOOD.'-" electric < needle-; sp*clal-
l*t, sia c...»— -t. .Phone : East 8646. v V
.\u25a0_ :__ '/'-"•;
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer;' be wlll^
challenge the 'i world fto »\u25a0 produce \u25a0 its * equal ; ;
shipped to all parts of world. 382 O'Farrell.'
-": $1 anil $2 50 size bottles ; , take ; no . substitute.":
f> ' BRAND Hew T - tailor-made'' rhen's;; suiu/'. cost
$25, for $9 75. 440 Bush,' nr., California Hotel. ;
$1 A WEEK; ' SUits^to order $15 up. LEMOS.
1127 Market", st.. bet. : Seventh and •- Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, 'wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
A BRANCH ioffloe ot iThe Call' for tha: recep-
r -. tlon • of advertisements ; and, subscriptions has
' been opened, at- 100^, Market' Bt:, opposite
. Fifth. Open •untllll o. m. , \u25a0-:--.;.-
PHVSIOIANS AND SURGEONS,
REMOVED — DR. ! WONG ? HIM; - herb doctor,
"."treats all diseasesof the' human" body;- for;
; past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated . at 667 Geary st., near; Leavenworth..; ,'\u25a0
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
'« eases cured by Chinese herbs. ,746-8 Clay st.
ROOMS papered. $3 CO ; up: 75,000 rolls wallpa-
\u25a0..- per. \u25a0 Cc-up. "Hartmann Paint C 0..'319 Third.
, : V-:'.:.;f;'vri ;" .-'.. ;'"'PATENTS.V' ' '-•\u25a0;\u25a0 - : ; ':.'"
INVENTIONS patented; U/ . S. and foreign;
..- patent , law. F. P. MEDINA. . 532 Market st. .
/REAL ESTATE-^ITY— FOR SALE.
eellinG' •' \u25a0 •..":;- .'\u25a0\u25a0".-.\u25a0 :
.-f TO BEAT THE BAND./ \u25a0 !
', , ONLY-$125 A TVEEK.
$275— Elegant level building lots, close to
school; fine car service on Mission et.;' cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying. rent and
raise the baby where tha ozone is not polluted
with smoke and dust, to say nothing of the
deadly microbe; no Interest and no taxes.
golden gate park lots.'- . -
- . . • . . only $10 a; month.
..s4oo— For finely ' located - lot« 8 blocks couth
of the park ; electric . car service ; unexcelled ;
enhancing In value >. with . every stroke . of the
clock; buy how; next; week ; may.be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautlfuUEection; no. taxes/-- -
, . W.J. WHITE COMPANY,. f '
.' -"."'".: 26 Montgomery «t., room 8.
FOR sale— Bargaln;.;iot,,2sxl2o,- with 12-foot
" - alley, on Mission extension; new line passing
must increaie value;" cheap for cash.. Partic-
ulars box 3526, Call office.
CALL or send for our list of city property:
also have a 'selected list of Berkeley. Oakland
and -Alameda. ROTHERMEL & CO.; 507
California st. \u25a0 - \u25a0>\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' *'<\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0-'.:\u25a0\u25a0-: - -
DON'T build before Investigating. Marshall &
Steams' patent fixtures for at_rtments and
. . cottagee. Aronson building.. 84-. Third st. . • "
$575 CASH, balance pay ments;. house, of 3 ten-
ements; rents $6CO; Mission district:' bargain.
DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market at.
A BEAUTIFUL" homt. - r7r 7 rooms, bath; Just
completed. 551 Seventh aye., Richmond Dlst.
COTTAGES. 4 and. 5 -rooms; terms I same ai
• .'rent. Owner, lumber yard. Army, and Condon.
A. WEEK'S news for 5 csnts — The Weekly Call,,
- 16 pages. In wrapper.' for, mailing. $1 per year/
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale.
' , W. J. WHITE; COMPANY.
' ' Successors to - . "
WHITE & BAYLEY. -
$750 flown, balance 14 monthly pay-
ments; 58 acres, 3 miles Capitola; 20 acres high
state cultivation: "4 acres full bearing apples,
pears, \u25a0 grapes; 15' acres in ' potatoes, corn arid
beans: abundant water; piped to buildings; 5
awes hay., land; .balance timbered pasture; 3-
roam hard-finished, houst;, hot and cold ..water;
barn; 5 poultry houses; tt' outhouses; en'ergetlo
couple' -can ' clear $1600 a I year easy ; $3200.
$1000 down, any terms; 41 acres, one mile oi
town; 60 miles' city; vegetable loam; 2.S' acres
full-bearicg pnmes and apricots; 10 acres corn
and potato land; 6-room house; ' 2 barns;, fine
poultry and brooder houses, with, wire netting
yards; several large Incubators; 1200. young
"hens;-flne income; $5000. '..-;.\u25a0" , ; ..
- $1000—40 acres level .valley land, one mile
of Orland; fine orchard, vines, berries; modern
7-room house;" nice yard and shade trees; 2
good barns; windmill; poultry houses; well
tence«; $2500. •'-,-% .\u25a0 . \u25a0 ;.. \u25a0
$2000 — 12 acres level loam; 4 acres orchard;
one mile town; 60 miles city; cottage, 5 rooms;
t.ew barn and wagon shed; 15 tons hay; wagon,
buggy, harness, horse, t0015. ., .
$4600— Acre land, good , town, saloon, large
"stock liquors, good fixtures; public hall; black-
smith shop and tools; poultry and brooder
houses; windmill and tack; ' good S-room j cot-
tnce- \u25a0 : •.' \u25a0"' " *r, .*'\u25a0••' ' *'»•,'. . :..--.
\u26662500—10 acres close to Sebastopoi. on elec-
tric road; cozy cottage, *•
barn; poultry and brooder Jhouses; fruit, grapes
ana berries;; horse,- wagon: and tools: $1700
down."- - \u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0- . . : ." :\u25a0 ; -.
.. $2350— 30 acres rich soil, at Yountville; 6
acres orchard: 3 acres vineyard; all bearlnj,.
cottage 5 rooms;* barn, : poultry and brooder
houses; 2- incubators; wa<fon.\ buggy, . horse. 4
eews, 700- chickens." \u25a0-...- <— 1 .-••\u25a0" \u25a0
$2000— 5V4 acres full- bearing apricots and
prunes, near- San /Jose :% cozy 4-room cottage;
barn, windmill and-Unk; poultry houses; half
cash. '• ' " \u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0" ' J --- • '• -
$875 down^7 acres sandy loam, on electric
road, near Santa Rosa, good-, dwelling, barn,
poultry houses; grapes and berries; $1400. - :
- $5000 — 26 acres saqdy loam. 2 miles of Hay-
ward; 2 acres vineyard; -2 acres orchard, most-
ly apricots; modern residence, .10 rooms; gas -
bath; large stable. . windmill and tank; poultry
' houses ; | water pi ped over place ; , lovely vie w ;
easy terms. We have •' many choice homes to
-show you in this locality.
\u25a0\u25a0 $16,500— General farm and dairy In Marin
County; mile of station and creamery; modern
residence, 8 rooms and bath; 8-room cottage
fcr hired help; 2 large barns, milkhouse; water
piped .to buildings; family, orchard; fine soil
for hay, grain or potatoes. .. ..
\u25a0We are making. a specialty of 5 and 10 acre
homes on the electric road between Petaluma
ard Sebastopoi. with or without buildings, on-
a~ very- small payment down and balance lons
term at 5 per. cent interest... See them to-day..
Send stamp for. large Printed List.
26 , Montirmery st., rm 8. -
. .• . - Property. Exchange a Specialty. ;
DALTON/ SCHIFFER .&' C 0. ," ...-'\u25a0:. \u25a0 .:r,
' '\u25a0' .-"\u25a0 ; '\u25a0'\u25a0 ' "*. r." "^: .804 Montgomery st/
v $20,000—1710. acres . land, southern part - Tu-
la re County. 10 miles west of Delano; within
one mile Santa Fe R/R.: all alfalfa land; flow-
ing- artesian, wells;- 6-room house, barns, cor-
rals; a:barealn. . - . ..". . ; ;
'320-acre : fruit ' Tanch; '.near : Hanford ; 280
acres bearing; 1 will be sold ' reasonable. .
$22,000—320 : acres . asparagus and celery
land; all' ln fine condition; f farm house, barns,'
etc. '• '-'-. :~- •\u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0.'.\u25a0•.•'\u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0•": •-.-..\u25a0
Stock ranch, 5300 acres. Full particulars at
office. / . DALTON, SCHIFFER & CO., .
'.•\u25a0: .\u25a0 ' •\u25a0\u25a0" \u25a0\u25a0.; * : 304 ' Montzomery st.v^
AAA — "OUR PRICES"^ on ranches are I lower
. than anywhere ; else because .we do not add
huge commissions on* to \ the owner's price;
we only \u25a0 handle •• places ;we ; ."know" \u25a0 to : be
good;- we /.'never" : misrepresent a. place; tee
." us. and cave 20; per cent:, Santa Cruz -County
- land- a - specialty. "BURR-PADDON CO., 40
; Montgomery -St., \u25a0 San ' Francisco, Cal.V ; .
ROTHERMEL & CO./ 607 California st./ have
- -.: tho largest ' and r best | selected list of farms/
S stock, ranches, '.fruit and poul try : ranches, " al-
f.falfa and' timber lands: send for catalogued
ALFALFA Irrigated lanas, $25* peracre; $t
\u25a0 down. $1" month; \u25a0 no • interest; , ccalfl f or • write
• for>pamphlets. : - INDEX LAND AND BOND
:CO.. 007 Kohl bid..; cor. Cal.- and Monfysts/
440 ACRES— 2% miles from" Montlcello. Napa
County;; half farming; land; other half good
'grazing \u25a0 land : . good | house | and I barn.? Address
;" J.;R;. CLARK, • Montlcello/ Cal. \
STRAWBERRY land/Santa: Clara County,
• "cheap" -to raise money; best in the county;
: will - sell away below value.v .\W D. .; COL-
.DREN.' 33O Pine st. : . \u25a0 ' ' ; - .---.. "'-\u25a0-; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•. ---\u25a0•.
A MONTHLY: catalogue country land bargains
.sent free. C.fM. WOOSTER C 0...643 Market. \
Poultry ranches. Write to J.W. Horn Co., Pet-
'.-aluma.: for free copy of Sonoma Co.-: bargalns.-
% MARIN COUNTY, REAL ESTATE: ;
$2000— SNAP ; 100x150 feet in the business cen-
\u25a0\u25a0: ter of the itown |of Ross, I with $600 .worth of
V ; new v improvements; ;. no - restrictions jin % the :
" deed; ' lots ; on • easy., terms ; ', improved and un-
*'i lmprovefl t property; \u25a0 new cottages and' flat to
leu : J.' E.-j LEWIS. Kentfleld,. Marin ; County.
•,;\u25a0 REAL'j ESTATE; WANTED. '\u25a0'\u25a0 .". .;
WANTED-^Good Income property. .W. J. MOR-
' GAN'.'&* CO.', -Investment .; Bankers,' 79New
-Montgomery .st. .: \u25a0'..". . i * .\u25a0'• -•-"/;.- , ;:; . \u25a0\u25a0--• \u25a0;
f^DIV|ibEND;) NOTICES. \u25a0 '"' '
"DIVIDEND ' nbtlce-^-The ' Giant \ Powder Com-
'"• - pany. i Con.;- Giant \u25a0.;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- station, .: : Calif ornla— A-
, dividend. . No. » 82,, of : : fifty .- cents / (60c) .' per
;' share *on i tha ' issued^ capital^ stock of \u25a0\u25a0 the
company, has ,been .declared \u25a0< payable \u25a0' at> the
' San '. Francisco ' office r of s the \u25a0 company,-' rooms
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-. 202. -- 204^and * 200/- Kohl .building, ; on - October
,10. 1905. T-. Transfer * books ' close -. October \u25a03,
: < 1905/ at noon.'" C.C/QUINN/ Secretary." •>
*\u25a0•.'?; '\u25a0\u25a0'.;;-.>": : :;LEGAL'tNOTICES.^v'''-- -\;--
I, ?.B. ; HILLMAN;, hereby : give* • notice I lhat I
- will.not be';resnonslbl«!-.rori;any-'-debtSiCoh-'
; tracted- by. my. wife,"; Emm- HlUman," the'
havinif , left 4 my bed and : board. \u25a0
-\u25a0:\u25a0; ••- •\u25a0 ::-.', -.:-* \u25a0-\u25a0'...\u25a0 .-:-'•.:.,>; : : . E. HILLJfAN.
. l- September '3o. IIOOS;.'--;.-^^;. 1 -- -.-.. ; \u25a0
£' I TYPEWRITERS ;f AND,], SUPPLIES.'" , ;
* f AN s exceptionally '^ood : No** 2 -Remington/ N67 1 !
y Smith ;j Premier.^. $25; > other ?j typewriters at
• : higher and: lower prices;: rentals.- $2 60/" The'
T^-o»wrlt«rj Exchange.'' 836 * California • St. ','- "\u25a0' *
BEBKELE V
BERICEIiEY* REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or exchange — NearlX— an acre /of
t.- ground,'; 11-room ; house,-; 2-story barn; ' near
: the hills;- worth $12,000; 5 will sell . on easy
• terms, $10C0- cash: -will; exchange for. small
\u25a0 property in' Berkeley or San Francisco; will
take nicely \u25a0 located . mountain ranch in trade.'
H. V. J/ SWAIN, attorney, -* 463-464 Parrott
. : building/ Ean Francisco. . - -. , .
Mklanlv adyert ? s ? m ; ts
. OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY. : *-C?>:l
_ OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
This Vromlnent •"corner,. In the' beautiful
Clarem'ont District, having a frontage of 381
feet, as shown, will be sold as follows: Call
the frontage 250 feet/as part of It is shallow.
Tako that at - the very low ; price of $20 per
front v foot, including- corner, equals ?5000.
Throw in. the six-room cottage, big barn, out-
buildings, - well, windmill and .. tank for abso-
lutely -nothing. First one gets it. This Is. a
pick-up. Can b« "subdivided, improved , and
BOldatabiS Ggo oflt W. AUSTIN..
1003 Broadway. • Oakland." --.-'•
FOR sale .at a - bargain — One ,of the choicest
•\u25a0\u25a0 buildinff lots in Alta, Piedmont; all street
work. : sidewalks, sewers, water and gas
mains complete;. magnificent view; faces two
broad avenues; restricted building values In-
sures elegant home "surroundings: -owner go-
ing away; must sell at once at considerably
lees than adjacent slots can be . bought for.
Apply sto W. J. TrVHITE CO.. 2U Mont-
\u25a0 gomery st.,- '.room 8. -. - -. \u25a0 \u25a0-.*\u25a0\u25a0
$7500-rrBUSINESS corner at station; store. and
. 3 flats; new and modern;. rented $77. montli;*.
a bargain. \u0084H/-B. ALDEN, 1233 Broadway,
; Oakland.:/ '. . ", ."" ".-:y-
FOR sale— Cheap, Lakeside residence; 10 rooms/
furnlshed or uiifurniehed: conservatory and
V'barn. ; Inquire '1380 Alice st. l; '
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furniture.
• H.v Schellhaas. ,11th st.. cor, store. Oakland.
San Francisco Adyert's'enta
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKKEPINQ.
ASH aye., 23— Furnished room and use of
kitchen. /:.:- \u25a0\u25a0 ' :.-\u25a0--.-.-\u25a0- ..-"-'-. \
CALIFORNIA. 1424 — 3 large, sunny, elegantly
- furnished \u25a0\u25a0 housekeeping rooms. -
GOLDEN GATE aye./ 250 (The Perkins)— Mod-'
•' era' up-to-date -furnished 2 and 3 room apart-
ments for hskpg. ; single, .en suite; close in.-
HAVES, 2ti7 — Small bay window front room;
running water; sunny back parlor; house-
keeplng privileges: bath and piano. . . . \u25a0
HOWARD. 6 JO— Sunny bay-window, grate, gas,"
water/ double' bed; other cheaper rooms. .
JESSIE, 323— Large room; furnished; house-
keeping; gas range; sink; $2 75 up weeek.
LARKIN,' SI7&— Sunny, corner room; rent rea-
sonable. -':,\u25a0-: .'," : :\u25a0:.''; ;. \u25a0 \u0084 \u25a0 : - . \u25a0*-- . -.. •\u25a0
LARKIN, 1626— Parlor floor "of- four-l arge.
sunny rooms, furnished: $35; pretty grounds.
MARKET. 1027 Vi— Nicely furnished." sunny
;:\u25a0 rooma.. suitable light housekeeping^ gas.
MCALLISTER, .483. corner .Van Ness — 2 or 3
nicely furnished connecting housekeeping
rooms; reasonable. :. y '\u25a0-.- . ' . \u25a0- \u25a0
MINNA';- 2^l; cor. Fourth— Sunny front houae-
•keeping; also single front room. : ' '
\u25a0 M I SSION, OSS— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; sunny;, runninr water. .
NINTH, 124— Large sunny front bay-window
housekeeping room; 2 closets; .. water, . gas,
$3.50. ) : --.- \u25a0 - - \u25a0\u25a0'. \u25a0'- '\u25a0•\u25a0' -- ' •'\u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0 - :
OAK.' II 7, or 14-. Page — Complete for house-
keeplng> $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults. -
PINE 1733, block - from - Van Ness aye. — 3'
- connecting housekeeping rooms, completely
furnished, reasonable. -t \u25a0 :
POLK 522. near Golden Gate aye- — Nicely
- furnished front sunny suite, housekeeping,
$18 and-$20.. '. 7 \u25a0I -
SACRAMENTO. ; 3019— New and elegantly fur-
nished parlor, suite and kitchen; every con-;
'.'- venlence;' reasonable. \u25a0 ' - '
SEVENTH. 191 — Sunny ' front bay window
rooms for light housekeeping; gas or coal
stoves. '- ••-\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0- :'\u25a0'• «"•\u25a0 . \u25a0';- :•---. \u25a0-.-\u25a0•
TAYLOR, 911—4 unfurnished roomi, \u25a0.- bath,
$23 50; one furnished *room, gas ranje, $7;
\ t single. $5. i .-\u25a0." . ."' -\u25a0' . •-\u25a0'\u25a0'.; : \u25a0 ;
TENTH, 149- : -One complete housekeeping room;
-piano; private, family... ', - : .-.\u25a0....-' '\u25a0-
TURK, i 411— Sunny furnlshe>i rooms, house-
keeping; piano,' gas" .range, bath; other
'\u25a0 .rooms: $8 up. \u0084 ':\u25a0-:-. ' . .
VALLEJO. 1130, j cor. Leavenworth — Sunny
outside furnished- housekeeping rooms.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
. -Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
.-;>, APARTMENT i HOUSES. .
A— ST ." LAURENCE ? AP^lß^M^NT— New!
modern 'building; ;furn/~or' unfurn/ , apart -
' \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ments of 2,. 8," 4 rooms; private baths; from
$10 to $35." -Phone Main 513Q/ 1335 Mason «t.
ST. ' CSCILE,"' 115.- Fell . St., nr. Van ; Ness and
r Market — New/ handsome, i fireproof 'structure;
- mod. Improvements; ;apts;B-rm.,- bath special-
v~ Inducements for next 60 days; .tel.' South 1071. r
A— .KENILWORTH, . cor. Bush, Powell: 3-room
;; sunny ; aparts. ; "\u25a0• single grooms; modern; reas.
A-^-VON NYDACK. 873 Postr-4 rooms; private
,w baths;? furnished, unfurnished; ;\u25a0 aalt baths. :,
MAYBELLE/ 202 Grove, cor Wan Ness — Van
r : Ness/; 8 : rm. : suite; ; Grove," 8 ; rm/ suite; reas.
ROS3WELL Apartments, 1360 Pine, near Hyde
.>_ 2/ 3 and : 4irooms,\wlth bath; . steam;heat.
THE Avalon/. 670 Bush at. — 3 '-} and v r 4-room
', \u25a0: apartments . with .bath ; furn; or. unfurnished.
THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan— l to 5.' rooms.
y- overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel. Page 6166.
ROOM S AT© ; * LET-—Fixr_l and - Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, ' 143 Sixth it.— Rooms
\u25a0r'ibc'to $lper night, $r 25 to" $5 per week and
. light . housekeeping \u25a0 rooms; open all night. . -
AT -i'The /Almonte," 873 ; Market si.' (or ; No. 1
-.Fifth st.)— Rooms 25c to 60c,'$l,*$l 60 night;
' ;." $1 50 to $10 week ; , house ? open all night. v
• BELMOND House, over . Owl - drucstore ; 2 en-
. trances , 1126 * Market , and -21 \u25a0\u25a0 Turk— Electric
%''\u25a0 lights,"- running ; water.: in 3 every .: room; - 200
\u25a0J rooms;2sc to 50c per night; $1 25 to $8 week.
BURTON | HoteI," 1128 Howard' st. — 100 rooms;
, new house; modern; $1 25 to $3 per, week.
E DDY X 3— Choice * furnished i rooms in"; central
\u25a0 location ; : all conveniences ; "„ reasonable.";. :r
FELL, J 302 — Three sunny, /Unfurnished, front.
; »-room3pplace'for / *qulet-partlea;' calKafter 6.
FOURTH. 271— 100 rooms; all sizes and prices;
!: ; new,-; modern; -hot and, cold i water... '
GALT HOUSE. . 1206 Market st.-^Choice rooms
.'• by, day," ; week ; or ; month ; ; central > location. •\u25a0\u25a0 -.;
GEiARY.." 1058— Newly - furnished r- rooms with
L: use 'Of j kitchen.:- ' y;; \u25a0 . \u25a0'. .\u25a0 /*'*.: v~ .-'\u25a0*•-
GROVE. Vi 1372,'; near ;• D.evisadero-^-Nlcely ,' fur-
;., nlshfed >: room: ' gas,^ bath; .sun all \u25a0 day.
GRAND SOUTHERN. ICBO ' Mission, : cor. Sev-'
- enth— loo rooms; 60c night,* $2 to $7iWeek. . •
; _\u0084 i \u25a0!
HOTEL '\u25a0> St. :: Kathryn. cor. v Ellis ; and \ I^eaven-
\u25a0 9 worth— Most - modern and up-to-date : hotel In
--' 8/ F. ; fr*e bath;. new;. 1 clean, airy; reas/ rates.'
' HOTEL >' Hamilton,* 125 > Ellis,"* bet. j Powell.and
' : Mason^ sts.,-; S. \u25a0;. F.— Room* > $l'« to $3 j per.' day : ,
''.-'", steam : heat : and : telephone ; in j each rocm. feV.V
HOWARD, 'j 715-;- Roomi;-; 25c *-to s $l' r per.K day : \u25a0
C4sl '• 60 ' to . $3 ' per., week ; ', reading-room/ etc- v - x\.
MARTHA • placer* s.*' oft ' Geary, - between { Mason
3-s and A Taylor— Two};' s '' furnished. ;• rooma ; J > light .-
'<s housekeeping"- if "desired.*- •\u25a0•? \u25a0 ' :,' - \u25a0 - .. : '- \u25a0
MCALLISTER/ 1 696—2 •\u25a0 (urnlshed "> rooms. ,$15,7
- ' : $17; ; nice tand; aunny.//- .\u25a0/.;\u25a0.:.•; \u25a0-'
;TO LET— Furn. and Unfurn.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL, 120 Third St.— 4oo
:, ; single - and family rooms." Ssc ; to : $1 50 per
; day; $2 to $B, week: the 'only new.and modern
Jhotel* and*; rooming-house in San Francisco
;' that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric lights, 'call bells, steam beat
-in every room.: and gives free baths and el»-
*.va,tor day and night to ills guests. .
..O'FARRELL, : 004— Nicely furnished sunny
.:;rooms;..runnlns -..water in every room; cen-
tral;:, reasonable. '
POST, . 701," aoartment No. o— Suite 'of 2 cr
3 furnished or unfurnished roons» with priv-
ate bath/or •1:or 2 gentlemtn. . t
POWELL. : 121^-One elegantly ' furnished front
/..suite' of rooms for office orany'other bual-
ness:' best location; Tcheap rent.
RIO VIS-TA HOTEL. 253 Third st.. near How.
- ard — New house with, modern conveniences;
- rooms cn -suite -anti single; rates by day 25a
up; by.week.;s2 up; baths free to guests.
ST. GKORGE, 515 Q'Farroll..near Joa«s — New-
ilyfurn. sunny rooms; slnjrleand suites; reas.
TAYLOR, 015— Newly fur. rooms; hot and cold
; water'; $10 mo. :: elesant suites: baths free.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4042. near Castro— Wanted.
lady for; furnished room: only two In family.
VAN NESS aye.. ;411D-^-E!<?gant furnished
sunny corner rooms;, rent reasonable; r«f«r-
- ' eccea. / \u25a0 .;--;'.'-
VAN NESS aye./ 1410— Furnished : rooms In
-. swell'^ flat- r - . v " \u25a0 ' .~. ~ •\u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0
UNITED STATES. 12S Eddy, near Market— 4oo
rooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $8 week: elec-
_\u25a0- trie -lights (no : gas).- running water in every
room: elevator, read.-roooi; tree bus. bassage.
WINCHESTER Hajel, 44 3d St.. nr. Market—
'-.Most; convenient an>l respectable: 700 rooms,
*85cto $160 nightly;" $2 - to S week; elevator;
cleQ. llsrhtn: readins-room; free bus, Msrgage.
WOLF* House. Howard, and SUth — No better:
' -transient; house In city; rates' reasonable ; lo-
cation central. Geo. H. yon der Mehden. prop.
ADVERTISEMENTS/jubscrlptlons received at
- Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st*.
A BRANCH of flee cf the Call for the reception
\u25a0 of advertisements and subscriptions has be«a
opened at 1003 Market it; opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. . '.
ROOMS AND BOARD.',
HbTEI/SJARLBOROUGH. 404 Eddy st.. 404—
R Just opened: rooms modern, up-to-date; light,
sunny, airy: -hair matresses: fre* baths;
\u25a0everything elegant, freth. • clean;, -table un-
excelled; rates: double rooms with board.
$50 per month for 2; single rooms with board,
$30; everything homelike; parlor and piano
for guests; located in the heart of city. 404
Eddy 5t., ; 404.. "Best meals in th« city.""
SUNNY, "\u25a0* front, -furnished" rooms and board
' -in private French family. 1606 Lasuna at.
JOHNSTON. THE. 605 O'Farrell — Sunny suites
and single ran.; excellent board; references.
. ROOMS \u25a0 WANTED.
WXNTED-^-By. youngr couple, with, baby 13
months, 8- or . 4 ' rooms furnished or unfur-
' ".nished- for housekeeping.; yard. Box 4397/
.-Can office.. ... :: -\u25a0\u25a0. •\u25a0.-:\u25a0- ..:..
2 HOUSEKEEPING rooms furnished; state
price. Box 9542. Call of flee.'
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SALE of 100 new j White sewir.gr machines,
slightly shopworn, 1 at M and 1-3 reguiai
~ price; 150 used machines -of other make*.
- many as good A3 new. at almost any price to
close out the -lot. At The White Co. "3
office, 915 Msrket »t. ' '\u0084"\u25a0
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
" . Is cheapest; second-hand all:, makes at any
* price; "all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes.
...tic office, 1021 Market st., near Sixth.
ALL kinds 'second-hand. $3, $5. $S; slightly
'- used. '$10/ $15. $20.'' You know where doll*
awing in the window 1051 Market at
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Coi, 601
• Van Ness aye. Pbone East 448. - Storage,
moving, packing; cut rates on freight.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored/ moved, chipped. 725-
V 731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant ltil.'
CONKLIN'S storage-, furniture and merchan-
dise. Golden Gate & Larkin; phone East 126.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movtng Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 231.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage ' and- Moving Co*- :
| Main office Eddy aad Fillmore: tel. West 825..
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.; 11 Montgomery
*; St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cnt rates.
/ _ _ .._g R .ggP.SAJl?' .'. - i
PROPOSALS— SeaIed proposals will be re-,
celved at the office' of the State Board -of
Prison Directors. 831 Pine st., San Fran-
ciaco. Cal., and will be opened between the
hours of 1 and 2 o'clock p. m.. October 19,
1905. for furnishing, and superintending the
erection of an oil fuel burnins plant at the
State prison at Kan- Quentln. according to
the general outline specifications and prints
on file with. Brainard F. Smith, cleric of the
- State. Board of -Prison Directors, at eatd of-
B flee. The board : will let the contract to the
lowest bidder who. In its Judgment, sub-
mits the.best-and most satisfactory proposi-
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 tlon, . complying with all 'terms of the re-
quirements and specifications, reserving the
; "right to reject any and all bids for cause.
* The ' general' outllne-speclflcations adopted
\u25a0,\u25a0 by the board, with the prints, are to be used
as a guide to bidders, who are expected to
"examine. the boilers." boiler-room • and equip-
i ment now at the prison, so as to submit all
. proper pumps, fittings and material for com-
plete oil burning equipment. . and they are
expected to submit plans . with \u25a0 full descrip-
tion of. their proposed arrangement of the
necessary machinery, conforming to the re-
quirements and intent of the specifications.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check drawn upon som» responsible^
'-bank 'payable to the president of the board.
' for.a.t least 10 'per- cent: of rtlxe: amount of
; ; the'- bid; which , will " be forfeited;; if the sue-
: 'cessful bidder should refuse to enter into
the contract provided^ by the board and give
a bond equal to one-half the amount/ satis-
factory to the board, upon notice of accept-
ance. ROBERT T. DEVLIN. President.
BRAINARD F. SMITH. Clerk.
PROPOSALS I for T miscellaneous supplies — Of-
fice Isthmian . Canal Commission. Washing-
ton.'D. C, October 2, 1905: Sealed proposals,
la triplicate, .will be received at the office of
the general | purchasing officer. Isthmian Ca-
nal Commission, Washington. • D.-'-C. until
10:30 a. m., October 16. 1005. at which time
they. will- b« opened in public for furnish-
ing steam pumps/, boilers, manifolds for air
" drills, ; steel floor beams, field rivet*, w— m*ht.
cast and -black iron' pipe and pipe fittings,
. - lead pipe- and fittings. bia»3 »na iron vi-i-.^
- and cocks, brass - screws, pipe : tools, gaskets.
\u25a0 leather. packing, oakum, block tin, pig lead.
.'etc.. Blanks i and full information may*-, be
obtained. from this office or offices of tha as-
sistant - purchasing agents, •24 State street.
New.- York i City; . Custom-house, New Or-
' leans. La. ; 36 New . Montgomery street. San
Francisco. CaU/and 410 Chamber of Com-
merce:, building 1 / Taeoma. Washington; aUo
from '- Chief Quartermasters. Department of
the Lakes, Chicago, and ; the Commercial
Club. Mobile. Ala. .D. W. ROSS, General
Purchasins Officer. "\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 . •
PROPOSALS \u25a0 for Engineering Instruments and
Supplies, Draughtmen's Supplies, Offlce
Furniture, Dating Machine. Seals, Stop
Watches; ..Tents.; Bunting. Oil Cloth, Car-
\u25a0 rlage Umbrellas, "etc.— Of flee Isthmian Canal
> : Commission •: .Washington^ D. C, Sept. : 27.
' 10C5.— Sealt'd proposals, in triplicate, will be
• received at the office of the General Parchas-
' Ing Officer, Isthmian Canal-C ommission.
.Washington. D. C; until 10:30 a. m., Octo-
Vjber . 11. • 1005. at .which time they will be
-vOpened in' public for - furntahlnjc .. the above
mentioned supplies. Blanks and full infor-
mation ;may - be> obtained from this office, or
' • offices of the : Assistant Purchasing Agents,
•24 State street. New York City; Custom-
• house, ,- New - Orleans. La. ; 30 New Mont-
i ; gomery. street,. San Francisco/ Cal./ and 410
• Chamber -of Commerce building. Taeoma,
; ":',Wash.. also from Chief . Quartermaster. De-
- partment -of '- the - Lakes, Chicago. - and the
Commercial Club.' Mobile, 'Ala. D. W. ROSS,
' General *Purchasln«r Officer. .
PROPOSALS will be ; received at the Bureau
of. Supplies and Accounts. " Navy Department,
, Washington. D. Cv until 10 O'CLOCK A. M.,
October SI.-/ 1905. and publicly, opened lmme-
- diately thereafter, for dredging about 20, 0C0
\u25a0cubic yards^at; the navy yard. Mare Island.
-- Cal. -Applications for' proposals should refer
. to SCHEDULE 152. Blank proposals will be
furnished upon -application to tha navy pay
..office." 6«n Francisco,' Cal.; or to the Bureau.
,H.T. >B.: HARRlS. .Paymaster General/. U.
s. n. 0-IS-05. -..---\u25a0-\u25a0 •.;•**.
CARD S AND INVITATIONS^
- Engraved- weddtog invitations, .visiting 4 busl-
y-n»s« cards,' crests. ete.Thlsh-class work: mod-
r crate rates. J.H. Duncan. 128 Kearny.. rs. 1-2.
I BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES-^DEATHS,-
r Birth/ marriare ;'and : death notices gent by.-
i mall; will not be inserted.-.They must be handed
' In"; ati either -of the . publication offices and be
jlndorsed iwith r the name and residence of per-
s sens ; authorized.; to \u25a0 have ' the came \ published.
\ Notices : restricted - simply ' to th? : announcement
': of. the event are published once, in this column .
free of charce. \u25a0' '-'«wh?iBWWBN—Wf
- w'f-^;-;>"-»; -born. ', .\u25a0- .:',."..
BULGER— In', this' city, -' October 'l.? 1905, to
'- thejwife of James X/ 1 Bulger/ as*"'
! . DIED.
BaUdeley. Wm.B.. C 9. Huernr. G. ELProiper
-Bean/ Maria C, 1. Hyland. WllUam. 43.
Briggs, llargaret. 49. Jackson. Jas. M.. .84.
'Brannschweiger/ H.,«5 Jones. Rev, J. F.. 4«.
[Brown, John F., 2. Kauffmann.' Chas. «T.
Thomaa. 71. MUltgan. Clara E.
Caunt, Barbary A.. S3 Nagle. Mary. «C
Christie, Geo. C. 66. Ray. Helen it.; 9 met
Clarke, «\u25a0 Fiancts M. Ball9r. - Peter C-W.. 54
Cleve. \u25a0 Ernest.. B9. sjearfe. Sophia. 84.
ConnoUy. Dennis. 28.- Stelllrtg. Heinrich. 30i
Ualy. Thonws. -- Sturm Carl A..- 14.
pu Joaee.-Ann. Varney. Mac A.. 37.
t ischer. I-'erdtaand. 50 Voy. Uenevieve 11.. iS
HaU. Bessie \V.» 16. Warder. Geo. A. 47.
Henry, Chaa. W.. «;.; WiUlatna. Chas. H-.*l
BAJDDBLEY— In this city, October J, 19O8w
vVilllam 8.. dearly beloved, husband of Mary
J^Baddeley. and loving father of William
?;_,* nd Ht?l "bert F. Baddeley and Mrs. Adam
Grimm.' and brother or H. J. Baddeley, asd
unda of Mrs. M. E. Reea. a native of Lon-
don. England. a«ed 89 yean and 11 months.
lE?" Friends and. acquaintances are" respect-
fully Invittct to attend the funeral to- morrow
at 11 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence. 1203 Bush street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BEAN— In this city. September 30. 1303. Marl*
Caroline, dearly beloved and only ciiilct of
Herbert and Caroline Bean. a. native of
. San Francisco, Cal., aged I year 3 months
and 22 days. . ... i>
C3**Friend9 and acquaintance^ are'respect-
, fully Invited to \u25a0 attend the funeral to-day
<Monday>. October 2. at -2 p. m.. from tha
residence ot her parents. 260 Noe street, near
Market, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
Interment Mount olivet Cemetery.
BRAUNSCHWEIGER— In this city. October 1.
10C5. at hla residence. 2213 California street.
Herman, beloved husband of the Ut* Ell**
Braunschweiser, and beloved father of Ed-
waid. Herman and Frida Braunsch~«lger
and Mrs. R. W. Sachrach. a natlv« of
Brunswick, Germany, aged 63 years 11
months and 7 days.
C7Fri«nd3 and . acquaintances ara respeot-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
{Tuesday). October 3. at 2 o'clock p. n>..
from Masonic Tempi*, where services will
be held under the auspices of Hermaa Lodgs
Now 127. F. and A. M. Kindly omit flowers.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BRIGUS— In • West Oakland. Ca!.. October 1.
1003. Margaret Emma, beloved wjf» of
George N>. Brijrga of Napa County. Cal..
and mother of Mrs. li. Moore and Frank and
George Brig;!*, and sister of Frank Lowell.
Mrs. Ada Bishop and Mrs. T. JS. McGulre,
a native of California, aged 49 years i
months and 3 days.
BROWN— In this city. September SO. 1908.
John F.. belovel son of Michael J. and Mar-
garet Bruwn. and brother of Catherine* Z.
Brown and the late Charles N. Urowa, aad
nephew cf John T. Brown and Mrs, W.
Murray, a. native ef San Francisco. Cat.,
aged 'i years .1 months and lft days.
CT'Frier.ds and acquaintances are, respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at 11 o'clock a. m.. from, tft*
parents' residence. 132 Hawthorne street,
between Folsom and Harrison and . Second
and Third. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
CAHILL— la this city. October 1. XiKX,
Thomas CahlU. a native of Ireland, aged
71 \u25a0 years.
CAUNT— In Oakland. October 1. 1903. Barbary
Ann Caunt. beloved grandmother of Mrs.
Lulu H. Jackson and Mrs. May MurK a
native of England, sged S3 years.
CHRISTIE— In this city. October 1. 1905.
George C, beloved husband ot Margaret P.
- Christie, and father of Margaret C Christie
and the late Isabella P. Christie, a- cativ*
of Hamilton. Scotland, aged 6d years: and S
months. A member of Yerba Buena Lodge,
I. O. O. F.
ETNotie* of funeral hereafter.
CLARKE— Entered Into rest. October 1, 1908,
at his residence. 1422 Montgomery - street,
Francis M., dearly beloved husband of Bar-
bara Clarke, and loving father of Joseph and
Emily Clarke. Mrs. Henry Markguaf and
Mrs. Archie Campbell. * native of Dublin.
; Ireland.. ;
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter. PleaM
omit flowers.
CLEVE^ — In thi3 city. October I* 1905. Ernest,
beloved father of John A. and Arthur Cleve.
a native ef Germany, aged 69 years 1 mont-T
and 20 days. :,';«: ,';« \u25a0
CONNOLLY — In Sacramehtov September 2S.
1003. DennU J.. beloved son of Mary Con-
nolly, and brother of John J. and, WllUam
" Conrolly. Mrs, W. Hodkiss, Mrs. W. H.
Marion and Mrs. Al Ross, a native of Oak-
land. Cal., aged 2ti years 6 months and 21
days. --
CT'Frien'Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TuesJ jf»
October «. at l:30> o'clock, p. m.', • f rora hla
late residence. 1771 . Fifth street. - thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where service* will »•
held, commencing \u25a0at 2 o'clock p. m. later*
ment St. Mary ' 3 Cemetery. Oakland.
DALY— In this city, October 1, 1906. Thomas.
beloved buaband of the late Mary. Daly, aad
devoted father of John E., Alice J. and
Thomas D Daly. Mrs. J. X 3Xurphy aad the
• late James J. Daly, a native of Connty
Clare. Ireland. A member of. Golden, west
Lodge No 264. A. O. U. W. . s
-vE2"The 'faneraJ will Uke place to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a..m., from his late
. rwM«nce, 2f?5 Indiana street, between Soven-
.tefeith sod Eighteenth, thence to St. Teresa's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repoae of- his s»ul,at 9:^o
a. m Interment Holy Cro«» Cemetery.
DU FOSEE— In Alameda. October 1. 19C5,
Ann. beloved wife of A- C. Dv Fosee. and
-mother ct*E!Uabeth, Charles, Loretta. Fred
and Joo Dv Fosee. Mrs. W. AusUn and J.
M. Whearty, a naUve of County Llmerlc*.
|ryFricnd3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
0-toW 3. at S :3O o'clock a. • to., from her
laic residence. 2130 Eagle avenue, tneaco to
St Joseph's Church at 0 a. m.. -wnere_a
solemn requiem maas will be said for the
repose of her soul. Interment St. Mary'»
\u25a0TlSCnEj£-ln the City and County Hospital.
Septembtr 30. 1905. Ferdinand Fischer, a
native of Pennsylvania, ageds SO years.
HALL— In Alameda. October 1.. 1906. at th»
falnUy residence. 3243 Brtsgs avenue, Bessi*
Wlllii Hall, beloved daughter o*B«tka ,ad
Edward Hal!, and sister of Viol*. Birdte.
Edna, Harry and: Grade Hall, a naUTe of
- AUmida. aged. 16. years 2 months . and 2*
da cyFriends and acquaintances ar« raspect-
funy Invited to attend th« fuaeral Ta_sday.
- October 3 at 10 o'clock a. m./ trma th«
. «sWence;'324S Briggs avenue. Alaawda. I»-
clneratlon at Oakland. _
HENRY— Ia West. Oakland. . October 1. W5.
H ChaVles Walton, beloved hueband of Rach el
A? Henry, and father ef Frank P. Hew »
native of Dcs Moines. lowa, aged 67 years
an CTFrtenS' and acquaintances arc- respect-
fully lnTlted to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. October 3. at 2 o'clock p, m.. at
' blslata r*sldence/1413fi Tenth street. Cr*.
mation private, Oakland Crematory.
HUERNE— An anniversary requiem hlyh mass
will be celebrated for the reWe of tae soul
of tnV late G E. Prosper Huerne at the
Chu^h of Noire Dame dcs Vlctoire* . Bosi
street, below Stockton. Monday. October 2.
c?mmenclnj at 8:30 o'ctock. . Frten*. «n«
acquaintances are respectfuUy tovUed to
attendi "
HYU\ND— In this city. September «0. 1905.
William Hyland. a native of County Cavan.
Ireland, aged 43 years 8 months and 9 days.
A member oC Pacific Coast Marine Firemen •
Union and Golden Gate Aerie .No-6iF. O. E.
E7- Remains at parlors of McFadden. Mo-
Brearty & Green. 1171 Mission street. b»-
tween Seventh and Eljhth.
JACKSON— In this city. September 30. 1905,
frames M. Jackson, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged .S4 years. 9^M6BMM__Mf9HtMHi'*f
CTFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
October 3, 19C5. at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company. 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. * Interment > National Cemetery.
JONES— In this city. September SO. 1905. Ray.
, John F. Jones, O. P.,' a native? of Aurora.
' Nev . aged 40" years 6 months and 13 days.
E~Monday, October 2, at 10 o'clock a. m.^
a solemn requiem- mass wUI be sung for the
repose of his soul at St. pommlc*s -Church,
corner of Bush, and Steiner streets/ Interment
will take place at the- Dominican Cemetery.
Benicla, Cal.. Tuesday at 10 o'clock a. m.
KAUFFMANN— Ia thto city. September SO.
1905. Charles Felix Kauffmann. beloved
brother of Philippe Louis Kauffman. and
uncle of Louis. Alfred. Edward. George, Mar-
' guerite and Marie • Kauffmann. a native or
Franc* aged 61 years 7 months and 20 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully mvited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
October 3. at 9 o'clock a. m.. from -his late
»' residence In South San Francisco, San Mat«o
County. Interment Holy cross Cemetery-
MILLIGAN'— In thta city. October 1. 19W.
Clara^. Elizabeth MlUlsan. d«arly b«loved
•.. wif<j-of Charles S. Mllligaa. and daughter oT
Thomas and Mary O'Brien, a native of Saa
Francisco. - (Arizona payers please «>»*•>_
• CTFrierda and acgtMOatancas are respect-
Ccatlnued oa Paire Tes.- -
VVOODLAWN CEMETERY,
San Mateo County.
lI VSOXIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION.
, S^t James Flood Building. 3. . F. -
I James McGlnrt - Hansen i
JAM ES McOINN & " C 0.,, :
Formerly with McGinn. Broe.
; Funeral Directors . and ! Embalmen < <
» 214 Eddy st. TeU' gaat 89. > - ' .
910
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Pace Xlne.
' fully ir.vlted to attend the funeral Tuesday.
October 3. at U o'clock o. m.. from her late
residence. 409 Stelncr «-ireet, thence to
Sacred Heart Church. Fell and Fillraore
*tre«t!>, where a requiem mass will be crle-
t»rat«d for the repose of her eoul. commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock s. in. Interment private.
NACLE — In this city. October 1. lflf>s. Mary
. Nagle (nee Hlckey). dearly beloved wife of
John N'a£> and mother of Thomas J. and
John D. N"&gl*. a native of Goulds Hill.
. Mallow, Ireland, aged 62 years.
tTTTrUnds tnd acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to atetnd the funeral to-morrow
< Tuesday), October 3, at 8:30 o'clock a. m..
from the parlors of Carew & English. # J9
Van Xees avenue, thence to Sacrc-d Hf art
Church, where a requiem mass \u25a0wlil be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clocl:. Inttrment Hoiy Ooss
Cemetery. >.
KAY— In thl» city, September SO. 1005. Helen
Mary, darling daughter of Charles and Ger-
• trude Ray, aged S months and 20 days.
ETTtie funeral will take place this dny
•(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. xn.. from the resi-
dence of her aunt, Mrs. TV. J. Rattier.
64 Caselli avenue, off Douglass street, be-
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BALLDR— In Tiburcn, October 1. 19«>3. Peter
C TV. Sailer, be'.oved father of Mr*. Jo*e-
• phlne PcUson. Mrs. Abe Levy and Peter
-Sailer Jr., a native c t Rentzburg. Germany,
aged S3 yeers 7 months and 2 days.
CXKriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully ipvit«d to attend the funeral service*
Wednesday. October 4. at 2 o'clock p. m..
from the residence parlors of the California
Undertaking Company. 713 Post street, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth, San Fran-
cisco. Cremation Odd Fellows" Cemetery.
SEARLE— In Oakland. OctcJxx 1. ISOi. Sophia
Pearle. widow of the late v john Searle, aged
$4 years.
STELUNG — In thie city. October I. 19<A
Heinrich, dearly beloved husband of nose
S telling, and devoted father of Walter Stall-
ing t«d 6on of the late Henry and Margaret
Stehlsg. and brother of Joachim. Berthold.
Fetor Charles, John. Claus and the late
Henry Stelling. a native of Hanover, Ger-
tr.any. aged SO years and 24 days.
BTCRM— In this city. October 1. l»05. Ermst
Carl A. oldest end dearly beloved son of
Anna and the late Charles Sturm, and
brother of Henry Sturm and Fritz »nJ The-
odore Ernst, a native of San Francisco, aged
14 years 1 month and 27 days.
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mcrrow
(Tuesday), at 10:Sr» a. m.. from the residence
'of his " mother. 5*4 Central avenue. n*ar
Grove etrcet. Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
etery.
VARNEY— In this city. September :K). 1905.
Mac Alice, wife of H. J. Varmy. and
. daughter of the late Thomas J. Sherwood
of Marysville, Cal.. nni sister of Mrs. J.
H. Marcuse and Mrs. Dora Daniels, a native
rf Marysville, Cal.. aged 37 years 4 months
and 4 days.
CTTrlends and acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
October 3. at 10 o'clock a. m.. from th»
' chapel cf N. Gray & Co.. 612-014 Van Ne?s
avenue between Golden Gate avenue and
. Turk street. Cremation at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
:VOT— In thl? city, September 30. l»05. Gfne-
! : vleve May Voy, beloved daughter of the late
William H. and Amelia Voy, and sister of
*• A. Kathleen. Winfltld S.. Florence A..
Charles H.. De Witt C. and Edward Voy
'nnd Mrs Josephine- C. Wood, a native of
New York City aged 28 years 4 months and
. t5 days, i Brooklyn and New York papers
• please copy.)
Befriend* and acquaintances are respect-
' fuKv Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. October 4, at I o'clock p. m..
• : fr6m her late residence, ICI7 Oak street,
1 between Masor.lc avenue and Aehbury fctreet.
- Interment strictly private.
WARDER— In this city. September 20. 1905,
George A. Warder, husband of Frances Nick-
ej-non Warder, a native of Ohio, aged 47
\u25a0 y-;ar*. <Oh!o papers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
Monday, at 10 a. m.. at the chapel of N.
. Gray & Co., 612-614 Van Ness avenue, be-
tween Golden Gate avenue and Turk street.
Interment private, in Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Oakland, Cal.
UIIXIAME-In the. City and County Hospital,
October 1. I?* I *. Charles H. Williams, a
native of England, aged 31 years.
PLOTS
In Odd Fellows' and Masonic Cemeteries can
be exchanged for Plots in
MT.OMVBTCEMETERV.
For particulars apply at City Office,
GfJAKTBLDG.. MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
.
•
.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30.
Charles and Annie B. Strohmaler to City
ar.d County of San Francisco. lot on X line of
Feli street. 53 E of Franklin, E 27:0 by X
.-X2O; $23,000.
Same to same, lot on NW' corner of Fell
street and Van Xess avenue. W 354:9 by N
275, quitclaim deed; $5.
Georgians. C. O. HaJlady to Hlbernla Sav
ings and Loan Society, lot on SW corner of
. Buchanan "and Chestnut streets, W 110 by S
120; valuable consideration.
Maurice Fitzgerald to Julius and Anna
Borendsen, Jot on N line of Greenwich street,
<e:3>^ X of Stelner. N 35. E 0.2^, N 41:6>^.
E 27:10* i, S to Greenwich street, W SO:s=4;
*10.
William C and Theresa A. F. Peters to
Jewett L«.nd Company, lot on N line of Union
etreet. 36:8 E of Scott. E 30 by N 137:6; *10.
Jacob and Esther Levy to Ab« and Charles
Rosenstein, lot on S line of Sutter street,
30 W of Broderick. XV 25 by S 82:6; $10.
Abe and Charles Roscnstcin to Irvln Inger
cian. same; SUO.
F." H. and Eunice A. Muller to Rudolph and
Mary A. Nipper lot commencing 107:« N of
• Filbert rtrept and 15S:8 \V of Broderick XV
94»:2%. NW 30, E »6:4. S 30: $10.
Flora L. and Herbert S. Morton to Freder
ick M. and Mary A. "VYoern^r, lot on W line
of Ashbur>' street, 602 S of Frederick, S 30 by
TV 106:3: 510.
etonewJJl J. and Marie Cook to Thomas and
Mary E. Vodden. lot on N line of Waller
•treet. 146:101* W of Clayton, W 25 by X
100; $10.
F. 11. aad Agnes Qualman to J. H. Horn
ting, lot on E line of Florida street. 207 Ji
ot Twenty-fifth, N 27 by B 1O0; $10 .
Adele V. and P, J. Van Loben Sels to Wil
liam C B. de Fremery. lot oa E line of Bat
tery street. 81:8 U of Clay. N 45:10 by E
137:6; $10.
* Cocrad and Dorothea K. Staib to Louis
Bartlett. lot on NW line of Folsom street, 350
BW of Fifth. SW 25 by NW 85; $10.
George K. Hoooer to John K. Caxes, lot on
X line of eixteenth avenue. 130 N of Lake
vtreet. N 60:3. SK to point equally distant
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth avenue*. 6
47:6. W 127:6; $10.
Mary for M.) Clunln for Clounin> to Jere
miah Lynch, lot on W line of Tenth avenue,
525 N of Point Loboe, N 40 by W 120: $10.
Mary and Alexander J. Balny to Felix Jlc-
Hugh, lot on E line of Seventeenth avenue,
100 N of A street. N 00. E 115. S 150. W 25,
N 100, TV 00: $10.
Louis and Rose Lipraan to Edith Carpanter,
lo*. oa N line of H street. 30 E of Twenty-first
•.venue. E 25 by S 100: $10.
Charles F. and Christina J. NourFe to E.
Kennedy, lot on EE corner of Fifth avenue
and H street, E 32:6 by 6 85; $10.
Solomon and Dora Geti to Reinhard and
Anna Champion, lot on SW corner of J street
and Pino alley. W SO by S 100; $10.
Caroline H. M. and Henry L. Reed to Au
rueu. L. V. Hank* (Jordan), lot on B line of
Twelfth avenue, 225 8 of J street, S 25 by
E 120; $10. -n . *
Alexander and Frances J. Hughes to Mary
'^hesney. lot on NE line of Virginia avenue.
156 NW of California street. NW 23 by NE
70. Preclta. Valley blocks 372 and 373; $10
Matthew C&llahan to Peter J. and Josephine
L. Grimes, lot 263. gift map 2: $10. ">cacpnlne
T. B. Potter Realty Company to William
B. Taylor, lot* 25 and 26, block 35. Rets Tract
grant. - *
Freacrick J. and Janna Jacobeen to Rudolph
ahd Mary A. Nipper, lot on N line of Randolph
Btreet. 60 W of Vernon. W 100 by N 100
lots S to «, block IS, city lands; $10.
Bntldera' Contracts.
Charlec J. Phlpps (owner) with L. Medus
&. Son (contractors). architect— All work
except «ras fixtures and mantels for a 1-story
frame building on the X line of Harrison
etrwt. 182 feet N of Twenty-fourth. 20 by 100;
$2375.
California Safe LVppslt nnd Trust Company
(owners) with >\. >\. Anderson (contractor)
architect J. R. Miller—Removal of presfnt
partitions of steel work holding up of present
floor*, carpenter work, hardwood mill work,
lathing and plastering, ornamental plasterlne'
glazier, hardware and plumbing for altera
tions to banking Quarters In building -xtn SE
comer of California and Montgomery st-oets
B 137:« by E CS:9; $14,741. y "tcetB-
Alameda County.
Holeomb. Breed & Bancroft to Charles A
Gibson, lot on SW corner of Gftio* and Fiftvt
«*cond etreets (Alpine). W 570.35 to<E line
of Market street, S SO, E 120. S to SW coiner
of Jot 4. block B. being also center of Temes
cal Creek. X to SE corner of lot 11 X to in
tersection with S boundary line of' lot I(t F
159.U0 to XV line, of Genoe street. N 200* to
hericnlnr. lots 1 to IC. block B. Santa Fe
Tract Xo. 2. Oakland: $10. *»ma **
Mary F. Polnsett (widow) to Sarah T
French (tingle), lot on N line of Wake street*
236:6 E of Ellsworth, E 50 by X 134 :«5. por
tion of lot 18. block A, Leonard Tract, Ecrke- !
ley: $10.
P. L. and Addle D. Jur.gok (wife) to Mar» 1
B. Hill (wife of James A.) and Eth«-1 H. !
Barcelon (wife of Ciprfnno A.), lots 15-and
1« block 25, map of subdivision of blo?k 25, i
«tc.. Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley; ?io.
\\llllam H. Brown (single) To i_Uy and Wil
liam Donegan. lot or. SW corner of F'utnam
street s-nd Pomona avenue. W 125 by S 40,
portion of lot 2, block K>. subdivision of sic
portion of Sather Tract Brooklyn Townehlp;
$10. '
Felictana Martinez (*lng» to C." F. MrKire.
lot beginning at a point 160 from Intersection
Of 8 lice of Versailles avenue with NE lla* ©X 1
BOYS HOLD UP
MISSION SALOON
\u2666
Boldly Enter Place of A. P.
Ness Jit Midnight and
Loot the Cash Register
MAKE OFF WITH $20
.Keep Proprietor at Point of
Revolver Until Frightened
Away by Wife's Whistle
Two boys, both under the age of 20
years, entered the saloon of A. P. Ness,
1111 Mission street, at midnight last night
and while one of them held back the
proprietor at the point of a revolver
the other rifled the cash drawer of about
520. The wife of Ness was seated In the
back room and as soon as she recovered
from her first fright she blew a police
whistle.
The noise disturbed the boys and they
fled into the street, dropping some of
the money on the floor. Two other boys,
Alfred Navarttte of «.i Natoma street
and James Weber of 94S>£ Mission street,
who were passing at the time, gave chase
to the robbers. The fugitives turned from
Mission street up Eighth to Market and
there hid themselves in the crowd.
Immediately after the robbery, Police
man Patrick Sullivan arrived on the
scene. Ness says that he was too sur
prised to have a chance to resist. The
boys wore no masks, but entered the
saloon and ordered beer. As Nessi turned
to draw the liquor, one of them com
manded him to throw up his hands. He
describes them as young, one tall and
slim and the other broader and heavier.
Both wore soft hats. Ness says that he
never saw them before.
Detective Sllvey has been detailed" on
the case. The police believe that they
know the boys and that they have been
implicated in a number of recent Mission
hold-ups. They expect to' make the ar
rests to-day.
Han Curious Adventure.
Jolin Malloy, a lumber man, Mrho re
cently arrived from Fort Braerg, en
joyed the novel experience of awaken
ing in a dark wine cellar early yester
day morning and of being released at
the point of a gun from an adjoining
jewelry store on Battery street. Malloy
came to San Francisco only a few days
ago. Saturday night he crawled Into
the wine cellar of Rusconl, Fisher &
Co.'s liquor store at 307 Battery street.
He went to sleep there :|nd on awaken
ing at 3 o'clock In .the morning he
groped his way through a staircase
leading to J. C. Pascoe's jewerly store.
There a passing newsboy saw him and
the police were quickly on the scene.
He has now left for his home at Fort
Bragg. - £--
SWEDISH ELECTIONS
ARE CONCLUDED
STOCKHOLM, Oct. I.— Elections for the
members for the second chamber of the
Riksdag, which were held during Sep
tember, have just been concluded. The
\u25a0question of the dissolution of the union
of Norway and Sweden/ exercised little
influence during the campaign, the pre
dominant factors being the extension 'of
the franchise and the adoption of pro
portional representation.
The result shows a decided majority
against the latter issue, indicating that
there will be another deadlock in the
Riksdag, as the first chamber stands
committed to the proportional system.
The members of the left have a small
majority in the new chamber. The So
cialists hold fourteen seats, having gained
several. '
STEA3ISHIP ASHOKE
XEAII CIRCLE CITY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Oct. 1. — The steamship
Sarah, which left Dawson on Septem
ber' 19, ran aground fifteen miles be
low Circle City and is still stranded.
She had 150 passengrers and. a large
cargo, including livestock, for Fair
banks. The steamship Hanah, bound
from St. Michael to Dawson, worked
two days trying to get her off. As the
Hannah had more than 100 passengers
she had to give up the task and pro
ceed on her voyage. It. is thought the
Sarah will be floated. She Is one, of the
largest Yukon steamships. '_-
The Hannah left Dawson for Fair
banks to-day. She will be the last
boat down the river. Her cargo and
passengers will be transferred to Fort
Gibben.
LEAVES SHIMOXOSEKI
FOR YOKOHAMA
TOKIO. Oct l-« p. m.— Miss Alice
Roosevelt arrived at Shimonoseki this
morning and went aboard the steamer
Minnesota without going ashore. The
Minnesota left Yokohama at 11 o'clock.
Miss Roosevelt was welcomed by numer
ous steam launches decorated with Jap
anese and American flags and the harbor
presented a lively appearance until after
the Minnesota cleared. -
Senator Hrjhurn In Convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Oct I.— Senator
Heyburn of Idaho, who has been ill
with a mild form of appendicitis, <;on
tir.ued to Improve to-day. He is still
confined to his apartments.
strip &0 feet" wide, set off and dedicated by
William Stewart et al. to city of Alameda for
use of the public, September 20, 1877 342 D
2. NE ISO, SE 157.00 to NW boundary line of
land formerly of McGowan, more recently of
Bishop and Hart. SW lso, NW 144 to beginn
ing. Alameda: $10.
Jacob H. and Clara F. Barker to Nelly D
Story (wife of George A.), lot on W line of
V.'averly street. ICKI :C X of Locust or Twenty
third. H 50 by W 125. lot 16. block 2257, map
subdivision blocks 2250 to Valdez Tract
Oakland; *10. - ,
" George E. Faw and William 11. Friend to D.
W. C. and Emellne P. Ga.sklll, lot on SW line
of Echo avenue, 125. <;n SE of Webster, SE 40 *•"»
BW ic4.ee, xw 40, xc iumci, lot 4, block 10'
map ."!. Glen Echo Tract, etc., Oakland oult*
claim deed; $10.
D. W. C. and Emellne D. tin: kill to Wilberta
and Hannah M. Coateis, same, Oakland; $10 "
Ilolcomb. Breed & Bancroft to W. W.'Garth
walte. lot 22. block F, Santa Fe Tract No 2
Oakland; $10. ' '
Walter H. Lelmert (single) to same, lot on N
corner of Brush and Twenty-third streets XE
65:4»4 to W line of San Pablo avenue. N B4
W 124:1. S 33:11, SE 108. portion plat 3, Kell'
lerubcrger's map Ranchos V. and D Peralt-i
Oakland: $10. ' rcraua -
Lena and Andrew Christensen •\u25a0 to - Fellclana
Martinez, let on NE line of Twenty-sixth ave
nue. CS SE from SW line of East Tenth street.
SW 32 by NW 7 V portion lots 17. IS I and \ V)
block D.,Knowl»s & Potter subdivision of Ken I
nedy Tract. East Oakland; $10.
Louis- F. and Phcbe : L. Le Prottl to Guirli
almlna Le Protti, let on E line of Broadway
270 Jj of McAdam street, S 25 by E 100, lot r>'
I'.roa<lway Tract, in plat 13, V. and D. PeralHl
! Ilancho. Oakland Township; $10. , : :"™ *
Louis 11. and Catherine E. Barricks to Wll-
I Ham A. Monroo, lot on N line of Sacramenti
| suwt <formerly Effie).. 50 W of Carlton (for-
m^rly Lowell), N 132:0 by W. 50, lots 3 and 4
block 23, rcsubdl vision ;of Smith's subdivision
Ma thtws Tract. Beikeley; $10.'
Charles and Mabel n^ Scnieesinger to August
Schlesslnger. lot on .SW: corner of .Ellsworth
and Carleton streets, S 134:«3, XV- 63:1 to W
boundary of I-eonard Tract, N 133. - E 52 :6, lot
2, Mock : V, ; Leonard Tract, Berkeley; $10 •
J. W. Phillips; (widower) to William H. Noy
( wJdower). lot on S line of Railroad ; avenue
1?5 E- Of Bay t treet, E3oby S 80, Alameda;
tia ;
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1905.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA ONCE
MORE ENTERS SERVICE.
America Maru Out
From Japan for
This Port
Other Steamers of
Same Line Will
. 1 UllvJW
The Toyo Kisen Kalsha Bteamsbips
have once moie entered the service be
tween this port and Japan. The America
Maru sailed yesterday from Yokohama
for this port, and will be due to arrive
here on the 17th. .
It Is eighteen months since this line of
steamships ceased business across the
Pacific. In the meantime they, have been
acting as war transports for the Japanese
Government. They were all changed and
altered to suit the requirements of that
service. The America Maru, however,
was less changed than any of the others,
so 'she is the first one to be put into
commission. The other two .belonging to
the fleet are the Nippon Maru and the
Hongkong Maru. These are now under
going extensive repairs and will go into
commission, as soon as they are In shape.'
The boats of the company will run con
jointly with the boats of the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company and the Occidental
and Oriental Steamship Company.
Goes on Trlnl Trip.
The transport Thomas went out for her trial
trip yesterday. A thorough test ; wa» made
of her engines, while her, compasses were ad-
Justed, and are now 'in perfect working order.'
Captain Hart, who has had . charge of ' the
changes and improvements >to the transport,
was highly pleased with the trip. He said
that everything worked to perfection. The
steamer is In command of Captain ; Lyman.:
She left the transport dock at noon and
steamed down the water front | and out near
the r>olnt where the Alameda' lies on -ther'
rocks. She then turned about and came back
down the bay as far as Alcatraz, when she
took a tack north and ran through | Raccoon
Straits, then up as far as California City,
when she made a. turn and came back to the
dock. On board were a few friends . of Cap
tain Hart and Captain Lyman. The Thomas
sails for the Philippines on Thursday. •
Homeward Bound Starts North.
The American bark Homeward Bound, Cap
tain Thompson, passed out over the bar yes
terday in tow of the tug Sea Rover. The
Hom«ward Bound is en route to Eureka, where
she will take on board a cargo of lumber and
then will call for Sydney. • • • • .
City of Panama Arrives.
The Pacific Mall steamship City of Panama,
from Ancon and southern ports, arrived in
late last night. She will dock early this morn
lnj.
Sonoma Due To-Day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Sonoma is- due to arrive to-day from Sydney,
via Auckland and Honolulu.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
. \u25a0 \u25a0
Sunday, October I.
Stmr Asuncion, Bridgett. 24 hours, from Port
Harford.
Stmr Alcatraz, Fredericksen. 64 hours from'
San Pedro.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefeen, 13 hours from
Fort Bragg.
•Stmr St Paul, Randall. 62 hours from Port
land, yia Astoria 4S hours.
SUnr £ea Foam, Miller. 16 hours from Men
doclno, via Point Arena 12 hoursl via Del- Mar
8 hours. . „ . -\u0084..„. - ,
Stmr National City, Hammar, 16 hours
from Fort Bragg.- •
Stmr G C Lindauer, Allen, 70 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomis.. Seddon, 4 days from Se
attle.
Stmr Noyo. Lee. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr. Newsboy, Johnson, 16 hours from
Hardy Creek.
Stmr Maggie, "Whitney, 4 hours from Half
moon- Bay.
Stmr Acme. Fagerlund, 6 days from Port
land, via Astoria 80 hours. .'
Stmr City of Panama, Sandburg, -22 days
from Ancon, via Mazatlan 7 days and & hours.
Schr Alert Meyer, Johnson, 10 days from
Bellingham.
Schr Bessie X, Stark, 18 hours ' from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Tug Sea. King, Rasmussen, 24 hours from
Port Harford. \u25a0 • ,
SAILED.
Sunday, \u25a0 October 1.
Stmr Aurelia. Ericsson, Astoria.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Cann, Monterey.
Stmr Maggie, Whitney, .. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr, Santa Rosa, Alexander, . San Diego.
Stmr Wasp. Wehman, Portland, v
Stmr Bonlta, Alberta, San Pedro.
Stmr Chico, Darwin. Fort Bragg. '\u25a0 : zm§&g&
Fr bark Surcouf, Halmault," Queenstown.
Bark Homeward Bound, Thompson. Sydney
via Eureka, in tow of tug Sea Rover. : .
Gas schr Santa Crus, Prescott, Santa Crux
Island. " , : *;.f
-Schr Rio Rey, Crangle, Stewarts Point-.
Barge Santa Paula, Pllle, Port Harford, in
tow of tug Sea King. \u25a0 .
TELEGRAPHIC.;
POINT LOBOS. October 1, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wInd:NAV; velocity 6 miles per hour.
\u25a0 . DOMESTIC PORTS. •
PORT GAMBLE^- Arrived Sept 30— Schr
Queen, hence Sept 17. - » :\u25a0
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 30— Stmr Roa
noke, hence . Sept 28; stmr Coos Bay, 'hence
Sept 27.
Sailed Sept 30 — Stmr Corbnado, v for San
Francisco: echr Matthew Turner, for Grays
Harbor; bktn . Portland,' for Astoria;- stmr
Mandalay. for San Francisco; stmr Coos Bay,
for San Francisco. ' \ ' : :
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct I— Stmr Ja* S \u25a0
Higgrlns, hence Sept 30. r-,'. :
TATOOSH ISLAND— Passed Oct I— Bark
Ferris S Thompson, from Candle Creek for
Seattle: stmr Mackinaw, from Tacom* for, San
Francisco. \u25a0 ' !".t "
POINT REYES— Passed Oct 1, 7:15 am—
Stmr Harold Dollar, ; from Seattle \u25a0\u25a0 for - San
Pedro. ' .
SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed Oct I— Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Francisco.- \-
Sailed Oct I—Schr1 — Schr Eva, stmr Vanguard and
echr Corinthian for San Francisco., -
TACOM A— Arrived Oct I— Br stmr Vermont,
from Port Townsend; Br ship Glenalvon, from
Victoria; -Br ship Glenerlcht,"; from •- Port Town
eend." • \u25a0 " - ''""\u25a0..\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0vs \u25a0:'
Sailed Oct I— Bktn Koko Head, "for Manila.
BANDON — Arrived * Oct • I—Stmr1 — Stmr Elizabeth,
hence Sept : 28 : schr Coqullle, • hence Sept 12 ;
schr Alpha, hence Sept 16; schr. C T Hill,
hence . Sept 13. , \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0 w ;
Sailed Oct I— Schr Advance, . for San Fran
cisco.' ' \u25a0'- ' ' \u25a0 \u25a0 • - \u25a0
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct I— Etmr Columbia,
hence Sepf 29 : etmr Aberdeen, hence Sept 1 27.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrrived , Oct. I— Br
stmr Romford. from Kure. \u25a0 i- 1 ?
\u0084- ISLAND PORT. _ _ .
HILO — Arrived Sept ' 29— Ship Falls of
Clyde, hence Sept 16. ; \
HONOLULU — Arrived Oct I— Ship St Fran
cis, from Newcastle,: Australia. - ._• • '
FOREIGN ' PORT. :
. VICTORIA— SaiIed Oct I— Br v stmr Machaon;
for Liverpool via \ Yokohama.'. - - , :
OCEAN- STEAMERS.
* NE W YORK— Arrived Oct ; , I— Stmr Blue
cher, from Hamburg,;. Dover . and . Boulogne;
stmr '• Columbia, \u25a0\u25a0 from * Glasgow .- and i Moville ;
stmr Oscar >. 1 1.- from -Copenhagen, Chrlstiania
and Chrlstiansand. . \u25a0-...': '.. . \u25a0"\u25a0;-•" '-. , ; . . .:
Stmr \u25a0 \u25a0 Minnehaha. , from , N London , for . -New ;
York, in r communication - by " . wireless r with
Qiasconsett, Mass, 3 p.m;' vessel! so: miles east:
of Nantuckct i lightship; :; will 1 dock ? at o,;a; a , m
Monday. \u25a0 Stmr; Vaderland,;; from /Antwerp ; and
Dover : for - New, - Ydrk, « In f communication ;• by
wireless . telegraph \u25a0 with ' Slasconsett.v Mass, 4
p m; vessel. 30 miles east of; Nantucfcet light
ship- will dock at 0:30 a.m. Monday. .-. x
MOVILLE — Sailed " Oct I—Stmr1 — Stmr Kurnessla,s
from \u25a0 Glasgow, for'Ncw. rorK.^ • [\u25a0.\u25a0'-,: • \u25a0 ;v \u25a0
\u25a0 DOVER — Sailed Oct 1- — Stmr Kroonland,] from
Antwerp, - for New: York; stmr.Furst Blamarck,"
f rom \u25a0 Hamburg. ; for New 1 York. via Boulogne.. \u25a0
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Oct I— Stmr Etruria,
from Liverpool, for. New, York., ,j .>\u25a0:.'•
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived • '\u25a0\u25a0 Sept .; 30— Stmr
PhilaiJelphla, from New YorK.via Plymouth and
Cherbourg. ' i';'.r \u25a0':\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0. -:\u25a0..\u25a0:\u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0 ...\u25a0 ..;\u25a0:'-•
LIVERPOOL— Arrived . Oct I— Stmr: Cretan,
from Montreal and . Quebec, ' for Glasgow;* stmr
Tunisian from \u25a0\u25a0 Montreal \u25a0 and s Quebec . via' Mo
viiie.,. -:" \u25a0 ,• --.^v--; -\u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0-;:.;• \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0--\u25a0 .:\u25a0\u25a0-;';
GliASGOW— Arrived Oct< 2— Stmr > Caledonia,
from New York via Moville. ' } '%&2$BB&8i
Mfmornnrtum.
Per schr \u25ba; Argus— -While docking : at San
Miguel damaged; stem .^lightly. - : . \u25a0 .*
-\u25a0: Stmr Sea Foam." from; Mendocino "this after
noon; .had •, on % board - passengers . and '$ part '<\u25a0 of
crew ; from *. wrecked stmr ' Santa Barbara. , \u25a0 \u25a0'-
"Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific' lime.) \
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct.'.l—s p. ro.
THE, COAST. RECORD.
:.:\u25a0 \u25a0a- • . .*\u25a0:\u25a0 a \u25a0.-.\u25a0. o . g L -'. ?
STATIONS.',' I' p|| |g |S . |
. ; 3 \u25a0» - : :
Baker ........30.02 64 36 SE Cloudy .00
Carson ........29.92 72 38 E Clear .00
Eureka ...... SO. OB 68 60/NW- Clear .00
Fresno :..... -.29.86 86 SO NW Clear .00
S. E.' Fara110n.29.94 56- 52 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff ;..:.. 30.02 i«0 2S B Clear. .00
Independence .20.68 78 48; SE Clear .00
Los Angeles .29.7(5 92 t)2 W Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpals.2U.96 73 59 NW Clear .00
North Head .29.82 54 40 SB ' Rain " .38
Phoenix ..-.."..29.76 90 52 W Pt.Cldy .00
Pt.:Rej-«a Lt. .29.90 58 52 N 'Clear .00
Pocatello .....30.10 64 42 S Clear .00
Portland .....29.»2 . 60 44 S \ Cloudy T
Red Bluff 29.88 83 58 NE Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg ?.: .29.96' 76 44 SW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.5S 86 48 W Clear , ..00
Salt Lake ....80.10 64 .. NW Clear ..00
San FTancisco.29.94 74 54 SW Clear .' /.00
San Jose .....29.02 '82 40 •NW Clear .00
San L. 0bi5p0.29.82 \u25a088\u25a0 48 SE Clear \u25a0. .00
San Diego ...20.70 82 .62 W Oear .00
Seattle ........29.92 62 42 E \u25a0 Rain .16
Spokane \u25a0 . :; ;. .30.02 58 38 S Cloudy .00
Tatoosh ...\ ..29.74 50 46 B Ran • 50
Walla Walla .29.86 66 44 N Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca .30.02 72 32 SW Clear .00
Yuma. .. .*. ....29.78" 90 56 NW . Clear-. .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
.FORECAST. . \u0084
The i pressure has fallen rapldfy along the
Washington coast. l Generous rains and high
southerly winds fare, reported from th« mouth
of the Columbia River northward. At North.
Head \u25a0< a : maximum wind velocity of 60 , miles
from the southeast' baa occurred. '\u0084
Warmer weather prevails generally on tho
Pacific Slope. \u25a0 except near San Francisco,
where it is cooler.
"Forecast for October 2, 1906:
San - Francisco and vicinity — Fair j Monday,
becoming cloudy -at night; fresh southerly
winds. \u25a0 . '.-\u25a0',\u25a0 • -."',
; Los; Angeles. and : vicinity — Fair; Monday;
fresh westerly winds.' - . •"\u25a0" \u25a0 :\u25a0\u25a0
; Sacramento •. Valley — Fair • Monday, except
possibly \u25a0 showers - in northern -portion; fresh
southerly winds. ' -
• San Joaquin : Valley— Fair Monday; j fresh
north wind. . \u25a0 r
• Coast — Fair ' Monday, except showers In
northern portion; fresh west winds, changing:
to southerly.
Nevada--- Fair Monday.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaater.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ; , From. | Due.
Redondo..... Portland & Astoria ..]Oct. 2
Argo Eel Kiver Ports.....*.. (Oct. 2
M. F. Plant. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Oct. 2
Oakland...".. J!u«: a w River ...... .'.[Oct. 2
Corinthian... Aamboldt .|Oct. 2
Vanguard.... liumboidt (Oct. a
Centxalla.... Grays Harbor -.....:.". |Oct. 2
S. Monica... . Grays Harbor ...lOct., 2
M. Dollar... Seattle -.. |Oct. a
Coronado.-... Son Pedro ............ Oct. 2
50n0ma...... Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct. 2
Coos Bay. Sans an Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 2
State of Cal.. San Diego &. Way Pts. Oct. 2
l'VLe#getl.V Astoria ...... ... ..|Oct. a
Titania...... Oyster Harbor .|Oct. a
North Fork.. Humboldt .......... ..lOct. 3 %
San Mateo... Seattle |Oct. 3
Mackinaw... lUcoma ....|Oct. 3
Eureka. . Humboldt jOct. f3f 3
Corona. Humboldt ....' [Oct. 3
City Puebia.. puget Sound Ports. ,.; Oct. /3
Roanoke Los Angeles Ports ..[Qct. 4
Memphis..... Seattle... (Oct. 4
Algoa \u25a0••• c'omox ...jOct. -4
San Juan.... New York via Ancon. .|Oct. 4
Elizabeth.... Coquille River ... .lOct. 0
P0m0........ Point Arena & Albion. |Uct. 6
Santa Rosa. . gan Diego & Way PtsjOct. ' 6
P0m0na...... Humboldt ..|Oct. 8.
Bonita... '..'•'• Newport & Way Ports. |Oct. ti
C. Nelson.... Seattle. & Taeoma. .... Oct. ti
Columbia.... Portland &. Astoria. .. .|Oct. 0
Northland .... Portland & Astoria . . [Oct. 7
Cascade..... Astoria & Portland..... l Oct. 7
Newburg.. .. Grays Harbor . .. .[Oct. b
Umatilla • i-uget Sound Ports.. ...|Oct. : 8
Abydos. ..... Hamburg & Way Pts. . |Oct. 8
Marlposa. '..'.'- rahltl \u25a0..%'.":. v, ..'.r.... 10ct.. \u25a0'• tf
Coptic. ..;... China & Japan . . .*. ]Oct. 10
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham .Oct.lo'
Anubls Hamburg and Wy Pts. Oct. 11
Aurelia. Portland and Astoria.. Oct.' 11
Homer.; Seattle and Taeoma .. Oct.: 11
to sail:
. Steamer. Destination.-. . Sails.! Pier.
October 3. \u25a0 ' h
Argo Eel River Ports... 3 pmlPier 2
Centralia... Lo 8 Angeles Ports. 10 am;Pler 10
S. ilonlca.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 amJPler 2
Acapulco... n.. T. via Ancon. 12, m|Pi«r 40
M. F. Plant coos Bay ... '. tt pm Pier 11
Corcnado... Grays Harbor ..... 2 pm Pier 10
Pomona Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 9
Queen Puget Sound ' Ports 11 am Pier 9
October 3. II
F. Leggett. Los Angeles Pts...|l2 m|Pier 2
Redondo... Astoria & Portland! 3 pmlPier 2
Breakwater Coos " Bay ........ 5 pm Pier 8
Corinthian. Humbolat Pier 2
October 4. •
B(Wm n, Portland & Way... 2 pm Pier 5
AreHc Humboldt ......... 9 amlPier 2
fipaFoam" Point Arena ...... 4 pm'Pler 2
SfVa^fi Astoria & Portland 11 am [Pier 24
fat. Paul.... October 6.
RrmtVi Bay Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Vanraa?! Humboldt . . ....... 10 am Pier 27
Eurfva Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 5
Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 9
st«teof Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way. 8 am Pier 11
F Kilhurn' Portland & Way... 5 pm Pier 27
C' Un daSer Grays Harbor . .... 2 pm Pier 2
\u25a0 \u25a0 October -0. J -
wtiTahpth ' Coqullle River .... 2 pm Pier. 2o
North Fork Humboldt r. .' A ; ._. . 9 am Pier 20
October 7. \u25a0
Porno Pt - Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
San Mateo.. Seattle & Taeoma.. 5 pm Pier 20
ritv ToDeka Mexican Ports.... 10 am Pier 11
M DoUar Seattle ........... 4pm Pier ao
Cltv Para N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 *tn Pier 40
Nevadan...' Hono. & Kahului.. 3 pm Pier 23
Memphis . Hamburg &. Way. 12 m Pier, ID
City Puebia Pu«et Sound. Pts.. 11 am Pier y
October 0. • ' "•' • >
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
-. October 12. '.
K0rea...... China and Japan . lpm Pier 40
Sonoma. . . . Sydney & '. Wy Pts. | 2pm IPer 7
Umatilla. . . Puget . Sound Portsill am Pier" 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer.- Destination. ..\u25a0 I Sails.
Victoria Nome &\u25a0 St.' Michael. . Oct.' 2
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 2
Humboldt.. .. Skagway & Way PorU. Oct. 2
0reg0n....... Nome &' St. Michael.. Oct. <\u25a0; 3
Farallon..... Skagway & Way, Ports. Oct. \u25a0 , 5
Jefferson..... fcjkagway & Way Ports. Oct.;v'7
Edith Valdez & : Seward. . . :. 1 Oct. r 10
8ertha....... Seldovla & Way Ports. (Oct. ly
Santa Claia. .j Valdez & Seward . .; .:.|Oct. 12
Sun, Muon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
-. Time and Height of High and Low .Waters
at Fort Point, entrance tto San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.. ;-'-'•.'.;-: - .
SOTEr— The high • and • low -. waters occur •at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places.
| MONDAY, OCTOBER 2.
Sun • rises . .'. ... t .'.'. . . ". .6:06
Sun: sets :. .. .6:53
Moon \u25a0: fcfcta :. 8 :B4 r p. , m,
O . ITlmel- (Time ' Time v Time r-'. :
£ I 1 Ft. Ft. — — Ft — — Ft. \u0084
?.|H W| |L:w •: ; H:W .\u25a0\u25a0 ;\u25a0;.- L^W "\u25a0:'-..•,
-2 2:10 .4.0 7:30 2.1 1:40 i 6.6 ; 8:15 -0.1
3 3:18 .4.0 8:23 : 2.5 2:30 ,6.6 9:20 0.2
4 4:32 4.4 0:27 '2.U 3:28 8.3 10:28 -'«.*•
5 5:4« 4.4 10:41 ''3:1 4:35 "6.1 11:37
(I; :6:53 ,^4.8 12:05 L 3.1 6:4-5 ;- 5.0 .";\u25a0;.'. . .; ..
. NOTE— In the above ' exposition of I the tides
the* early .mcrnlnguldes are i given in'; the left
hand .column and . the ;; successive ; tides;- of * the
day in the ordtr of . occUrn nee as to time ; , the
fourth time - column '• gives r the - last tide ,of s the
day; • except when \u25a0 there are but i three tides, ' as
sometimes ; occurs. '\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0- The .heights "given ' are *in
addition to the soundings ; of the United States
Coast Survey. Charts," except when a minus (—)
sign I precedes ' the : height, | and | then I the number,
given is < subtracted ! from 5 the • depth ' given » by
She charts. -; The plane of reference is the mean
of the \u25a0 lower low waters.; :; .-",.' v ' "
IIJK-on Arrives in AVnsiiJngrton.
; WASHINGTON, 'Oct. ;1.---Robert- Ba
con ;of;; of ; New "\u25a0...York.V- who '\u25a0; is :\ to .succeed
Francis C. iJobmis ; as .Assistant; Secr
etary ..-'of; State, is in .;: Washington V; pre
paratory ,-. to \u25a0 assuming '; the ; duties . vof
that £ offlce. -He ,was iniconference Jfor,
somo time witii^^ Secretary Root to
night. • .; \u25a0 , ; , .". ; '"\u25a0'/ :' : r \u25a0•"\u25a0.'\u25a0',. ' i -: -> : '
Citizens Knteirtaln ' Hill."
. VANCOUVER,: Wash.; J Oct.vl.^-Presl
dent rJarhesrj.jHiUf of': the -Great t North-"
em Yroad.T President^ Howard of,
thp A Northern "Pacific's ßailroad _Vahdj a
party of '\u25a0 'railroad?officialsVvlslted"Van
couver^ to-day -and' were' entertained by" 1
= the' citizens."- \u25a0\u25a0'"'^'**i^^ " '-> .' ; ">:^/ : C "\u25a0\u25a0 ' .*-i
RECORDS SHOW
TRADE INCREASE
Department of Labor's Quar
terly Bulletin Points to
the Improved Prosperity
UNIONS ARE STRONGER
Percentage of Unemployed
Members Is Less by Half
This Year Than in 1904
ALBANY, N. V., Oct. I.— ln its last
quarterly bulletin, published to-day, the
State. Department of Labor calls atten
tion ; to a; marked improvement In trade,
which y^began in \ the middle of 1904 and
has continued uninterruptedly. The de
partment says that now there are rela
tively fewer idle wage-earners In New
York than there were. even in 1902, the
most prosperous year of ' the decade.
.--'Returns to the Bureau of Labor Statis
tics from unions embracing a
membership of . about 100,000 ' wage-earn
ers in the various occupations show that
the average monthly number of unem
ployed members was only 151 per 1000
In the first half of 1905, as .compared with
202 last year and 168 In 1902.
.In building and construction, which
probably employs more men at .present
than any other New York industry, the
volume of production has been unusually
large. »
In the months qf April, May and June
work was begun on 7316 buildings In New
York City, as compared with 6164 a year
ago. The estimated cost of projected
buildings for which plans were approved
and permits issued in the second quarter
of 1905 attained the amazing sum of
178,417,896. „ In the other large cities
building operations are well above the
average.
OCCIDENTALS BEAT PARNEIXS
IN GAELIC FOOTBALL GAME
Big Crnvrd Watchea a Brilliant Contest
on the Presidio Athletic
•-- Field.
The Occidentals defeated the Parnells
by a score. of two goal a to nothing In
the first Gaelic football game of the
season yesterday at the Presidio ath
letic grounds. The contest was fierce
throughout both -halves and the play
ers exerted themselves to the utmost.
There was. a large attendance, which
is an excellent indication of the in
creased popularity of the game.
. The victors secured a goal in each
bn.lf.i| Robinson put the first one be
tween the coles and Smith the sec
ond. Mlzen, a new man; played I a
splendid game at left wing. Robinson,
Lydon. Smith and Lecoutler also did
excellent work for the , Occidentals.
Barrett made a notable save for the
Parnells .in the second half and dis
tinguished .'himself by clever playing
throughout the contest. Allen and.Me-
Kenzie did much to uphold the honor
of the erecn. :
As might be expected at this time In
the season, -there were many loose
plays and a number, of fouls. Referee
Duncan fulfilled his duties to the sat
faction of every one. From present In
dications there will be big crowds
watching Gaelic football by the time
the. league • series i commences. The
line-up yesterday was as follows:
Occidentals. Position. - , Parnells.
McFartane... \u25a0.'...'.: Goal ...Barrett
Tlerney, Milne.... Backs.. Horgan, J. Murphy
Anderson. Lees, -' Calvin,
Liecourtler. . . .... .Halfbacka.E. Murphy.Allen
Shand. • McKenzle.
Robinson .......Right Wings... J. Sullivan
Lyd0n. ...... . . . - . . .Center Fay
MUen, Smith. . . . . . Left Wlngs.O'Brlen,RueseU
COUNTY CRICKET TEAM
DRAAVS PACIFICS
Last Mntoh of the Season for Cham
ptonnhlp of California Assoclatlou~
. Is . Played at ' Alameda. "
The San Francisco County cricket team
played a drawn game with tho Pacific
eleven on the ground at Alameda yester
day. Tho county eleven went to the
wickets first and amassed the flno total
of 257 runs, to which the chief contribu
tors were Stratton (89), Petersen (22) and
Richardson J (61). . The most • successful
bowler for ihe Pacifies was Ca3ldy, who
took seven wickets for 106 runs. The de
tails follow:
SAN FRANCISCO, COUNTY CRICKET CLUB.
E. J. Stratton, c. and b. Jamie6on N)
E. M. Petersen, :c, Wilding. D..Storrs 22
11. ii. Richardson, not out... 61
T. "W. Tetley, c. Jamleson, o. Caaldy. 10
L. E. Duquesno, b. Caa1dy... ............. IS
H. F. Pepy s, st.* Wilding, b. Casidy 3
H. Roberts.c. and b. Casidy..... 4
L. H. Isern.c. Wilding, d. Ca5idy......... 3
J. T. Lafferty, 1. b..w., b. 5t0rr5. ......... 7
W.E. Rooker, 1. b: w.," b. Casidy... 2
T.J. A. Tiedemann.'c Lannowe.b. Casidy 21
Byes 11, leg bye 1, wldes 4, no balls 4 20
Totals. .257
Runs at the fall of each wicket: One for 04,
two for 121, three for 150, four for 188, five for
10C," six for 202, seven for 211, eight for 218,
nine for 223, ten for 257. "
. SUMMARY OF BOWLING. "
Bowler — ' Balls.' Maidens. Runs. Wkts.
'Casidy 177 1 . 105 .7
Jamieeon ........ 78 3 28 1
Lannowe ......... 43 ;,V 3 :^:.; ...20 0
Macartney ....... « o . 14 0
Bowly- ........... 24 O 21 0
Storrs- ........... 112 4 37 2
Petherick ........ 24 1 12 0
\u25a0 Casidy. bowled four no balls, Jamleson bowled
one wide ball, . Storrs ' bowled one wide ball and
Petherick 2 wide balls. \u25a0> '
.; ;; .pacific cricket club.
H. D. Bowly, c. Peterson, b. Roberts 13
Norman Logan, b.- Petersen l'S'.T^VZ: , .\7fZ9x 3
A. W. Wilding,. retired. ;;..,.... 64
E.H. M. Lannowe, C Stratton, b. Roberts. 0
H.C. Casidy, b. Peter5en:...:.....:....:.. 15
H. G. Macartney, b.> Lafferty.... 17
W. Petherick i did - not bat . . . . . . . .". i.titfM —
H. N. ; Storrs," c. 1 . Rooker, b. ; Stratton ...... 0
B. M. Altaian did not bat................. —
J.J .- Theobald not out. o
U. B. Jamleson not out .................. 0
Byes . .;.:...... ............. .. 10
T0ta15....... ;.i. .110
Runs at the fall of each wicket: One for 12,
two for 26, throe for 20. four for 51. five for 81.
'.\u25a0\u25a0 : ;-::\u25a0 SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler- 1 '\u25a0 * \u25a0 ' \u25a0•_• : Balls. Maidens.' Runs. Wkta.
Roborts .:..::. 7.. \u008484. \u25a0\u25a0-- 0- v 22 .....
Petersen ..'....'... 72 2 ..- 33
Richardson ....... 30 . 2 13
Lafterty ...;-..... 48 2 \u25a0-. 11 ..
Duquesne ........ 24 \ .1 - 21 ..
Stratton ......... 24 ; 1 0 ..
WILSON \%INSSKIFFJ RACE
ON LAKE? MERRITT COURSE
Althoush : Collldlnic With the Stake-
bont ' He ' Eaully Out totts ' Op
"'\u25a0\u25a0'-::.: \u25a0 , Montnt -Home. :\u25a0\u25a0 -,'' :
'6AKLAND.*COct.'-1.-^CharleB , Wilson
of the Ariel' Boat, Club^won the special
match ; skiff ?race r to-day/ over ; a i course
of :one>ahdJa -half ;mlles on Lake Mer
rltt,~- beating , his "opponent;; F. \u25a0] J. Sherry
of ; ; the? Dolphin \u25a0'\u25a0 Boat Club, by three
lenarths. : :.W '\u25a0 v;'-' J \u25a0 .''V \u25a0\u25a0'.'\u25a0 '-i. -\u25a0''- ''-\u25a0 ."\u25a0\u25a0
; ; The - race \u25a0 had { some - peculiar features.
\VllsonJ_led ;. to ; the' stakeboat,- which ; he
f ouledi and;!: had j.to back \up.-* Sherry
went i around i both;;the2stakeboat \ and
Wilson in ;hls skiff and; shpt' ahead *f ou'i :
lengths ' in the lead before .Wilson : got
stralgrhtened'out" -for -'home. \u25a0-',:\u25a0
: -iUnfortunatelyj for,', Sherry ' he steered
away - off , .the " course, ; while Wilson
spurted "directly ' f or.{ thei finishing line,
which. *he * easllyi v gained ahead- of
Sherry. ":: No official' time \ was taken.
Fine -Weather at Coronado.
;CORONADO. \u25a0:; Oct.V I— The average
. temperature for> the r.week' ending , to
day was 70 degrees.
GUILTY CONVICT
HAS TRUE WIFE
Mrs. Edward Johnson ' Re
fuses to Desert Husband
Who Is Convicted Criminal
GIEL'S VARIED CAREER
Dressed as a Man She Herds
Sheep, Rides Brakebeams
and Visits Gambling Dens
SALT LAKE. Utah, Oct. 1.-Although
her husband Is now in prison for the sec
ond time since she met him, Mrs. Edward
Park Johnaon of Salt Lake, who dressed
In men's clothing and tramped around the
country with him, declares she will stick
to him If she has to wait forever for
him.
Mrs. Johnson was Hester Larsen at the
time she met Johnson. Her parents lived
In Brlgham City, Utah. She fell In love
with Johnson, and as her parents did not
like the match the young couple planned
an elopement. * Johnson stole the rig in
which they eloped, although Mrs. John
son did not know this at the time. They
were chased through Nevada and Idaho
before they were overtaken.
Johnson was sentenced to three years
in the Utah penitentiary- His wife often
visited him in prison. In the fall of 1903,
when she was only 16 years old, Johnson
escaped from the • penitentiary. She per
suaded him to give himself up and early
during the present year he was pardoned.
He started to find "work In "Wyoming,
and Mrs. Johnson, with her hair cut short
and wearing a suit of his clothes, went
with him. The two were playing in a
card game at Evanston, Wyo., when
Johnson forged a check. For this ho has
Just been sentenced to serve six years in
the Wyoming prison. Mrs. .Johnson has
returned to her home In Salt Lake, but
declares she will yet save Johnson from
his own weakness. .
"Without reserve she tells the story of
their rides on brakebeams of freight
trains and of the "hoboing lt" on foot to
gether, of their experiences when both
worked as sheep herders and of adven
tures In saloons and gambling-houses,
where none suspected the sex of "John
son's pardner." Mrs. Johnson Is now IS
years of age and of attractive appear
ance. She comes of a respected family.
Mrs. Loeb Seriously 111.
WASHINGTON. Oct. ' I.— Mrs. William
Loeb, .wife of the secretary to the
President, is seriously ill at her home
here. A consultation of physicians
was held during the day and later her
condition was reported as somewhat
Improved.
'-•You will end on the scafTold." said
the sweetheart of Namon Fernandez of
Madrid. "They shall not call you a
liar," said Fernandez, and shot her
"tiead.
RAILWAY TKAVEIL.
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYSg
B Leaves : Mondays and Thursdays at I
a. m. with and Sl«epers._^J
...- Other Santa Fe Tralnas
7:30 a.m. 1 To Stockton. Merced. Fresno,
9 :30 a.m. • Hanford. VlsaJia and Bakera-
8 :00 p. m. j field. \u25a0
4 :00 p. m. , For Stockton and Intermedia te
'fi'^Aa rrt Points.
».*« a. m. \u25a0 F(jr oak^j, Bna pp o iutj ©n 81«r-
; ra Railway.
7:30 a. ra. . Direct Connection for Tosemlte
9:80 a. m. 1 Valley and Big Trees.
10:30 a. m. I For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
8:00 p.m.) and Chicago.
tMondays and Thursdays only.
Ticket Offices — 633 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal.; also 27 -South First. San Joe*.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Ttburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 6:OV. »;00, 12:33. 3:30.
5:10. 6:60.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O. 8:00, 8:30 a. ra.. 13:33. 3:50,
, 6:10 cm. '
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN- FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:OS. 7:38, 7:60. 9:20 a. ta..
12:60, 2:40. 6:00. 6:20. 6:20 p. m.
6UNDATS— B:OB. 7:35. 7:50, 9:20 a. m., J:4O.
4:50. 8:00. 5:29. 6:20. 7:50. 7:58 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. I August 7." 1908. | San Fran.
' Week I" Sun- I Destlna- I Bun- I Week
Days. I days. | Uon. | days, t Daysi
\u25a0 \u25a0- 7:30 a 1
7:30 a 8:00 a ?'-'';". 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignacia. 10:20 a 10:30 a
2:80 p 2:30p 6:00 p .6:20 p
6:10 p 6:10 p «:2Op 7:20 p
7:20 p
8:80 p
8:00 al 8:00 at Nap*. I 8:40 a! 8:40 a
6:lop| s:lop| - |6:20p|6:20p
7:80 a 7:80 a 8:40 a 8:*0 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Kovato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2-30 p 0:30 a Petaluma. - 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:80 p and I :2 °P *=20D
g:10p Santa Rosa. 8:60 p
730 a 7:30 a ~~ ~~ 10:20 a 10:20 »
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. I : ?°P ? : S P
2:80 p 2:30 p 8:B0p 7:20 p
Windsor.
7:80 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:30 & 10:20 a
..?.-- • Lytton.
2:80 p 2:30 p Geyserville. T:2Op 7:20 9
\u25a0 . . Cloverdale. . : . .
7:80 al 7:30 at .Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
8:30 p[ 2:3op| and tJkiah. | 7:2Op| 7:20p
"T~ I.; 1 Wllllta, •\u25a0!'•\u25a0\u25a0 1 ' "-\u25a0
T :80 al 7:30 »| Sherwood. | 7:20 p| 7:20 p
8-00 al 8:00 al Guerneville and 110:20 a|10:2O a
2:30 Pi 2:80 Pi Camp VacaUon. | 8:60 p| 6:20 p
8:00 a 8:00 a '.. I 8:40 a 8:40»
5:10 p 6:80 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
• \u25a0 • . .5:10 p Glen Ellen. T 8:50 p •.\u25a0 \u25a0.
7:30 a 7:30 a :• -\u25a0" 10:2O a 10:20 a
2:80 p 2:30 p •\u25a0 Sebastopol. 7:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p- ; % • ••
STAGES connect at Santa.* Rosa, for White
Surphur Springs • and : Mark West • Springs; at
Fulton for Burke"* Sanitarium:. at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: .- at - GeyservlUe • for^ Skacsa
Springs: M Cloverdale for the Geyser*. . Boone-
ville and Greenwood; at- Hopland for Duncan
Springs.- Highland -Springs.^ Kelaeyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and BartJett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratc^a
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, *. -.Upper " Lake. Porno. .Valley
John Day's. Lierley* s, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. . Halfway House, Comptche. Hopkins.
Mendocino ; City. Fort'Bragg, Westport, TJaal-
at Wlllits for Hearst and Sawyer; at Sherwood
for -Westport. i Cahto, Covelo, Laytonrlllt. Cum-
mlns. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens, Dyer,
Garbervllle.' Pepperwood. Camp's. ScoUa and
Fii-* lr *l" ttl'*H Ti **»fWlßSlFllfrof*~*r-^- -\u25a0 %\u25a0*•/*
\u25a0 Saturday to Monday ( round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.'. '7 :' ...-• \u25a0 •- •_\u25a0 \u25a0 . .\u25a0•'.-:
; .On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
- Ticket office. 650 Market street.' Chronicle
building. : '•\u25a0: • .
JAB. AGLER. R. X. RTAN.
r \u0084 Gen.' Manager. . •; Gen. Pass. Art. i .
RAILWAY:
Leave S. F. 9^o A M 1:43 r M
Ezsmma ArTive s - F - 10:45 AM ** PM
nSHf SATTTUIT 05LT
Lv. S.F. 4:35 pm Ar. S. F. 11:25 pm
WV BDXDITS UTD LJSGIL HOUDiIS
' Ly. 5.F. 8:25,9:50.11:00 AM 1.45pm
\u25a0^ , Ar. S. F: ldO. 2:55, 4.23, 6.-22 pm
V< TICIJT \ 630 Markkt ST..<North Shore Railroad)
: 6771 CB 1 and Sausalito Fkxxy. Foot Market SL -
AUCTION SALES^
£S AUCTION SALE $a
175-HORSES-175
By order of S. H. Westlake of SIERRA
OOVNTY. we will sell his SECOND CON-
SIGNMENT or 175 BROKEN AND UNBROK-
EN horses weighing from 10CO to 1300 pounds
and from 4to S years old. As our customers
know, these sales are without reserve or limit;
this will be no exception to the rule. Come—
name the Drice and take what you want.
SALE TAKES PLACE
TIirnSDAV. OCTOBER 5, AT 11 A. 3U
At J. B. lIORAA'S SALESYARD.
Comer Tenth and Bryant Streets. S. F.
HORD & SMITH. 62S Clay St.. Auctioneers.
Also at same time and place we will sell one
gentleman's riding horse, cream colored with
white mane and tail; weighs 1200 pounds: lev,
hands, and Is thoroughly reined. Horses do not
grow more stylish and handsome than this on*.
AUCTION SALE £*
100 HEAD 100
Broken and unbroken horses, weighing from
1000 to 1500 pounds. All kinds of horses for
everybody at your own price.
Consigned by Mr. C. R. Suggett from Oregon.
Sale takes place Tuesday, October
3, 1905, at I p. m., at
Western Horse Market
E. STEWART & CO., 220 Valenda st.
Horses for sale In carload lots If desired.
Delivered anywhere you wish.
£* AUCTION SALE %*
WEDNESDAY. October 4, at It 1. SL
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 32T Sixth st.
I will sell 33 good, young horses: also 11 brood
mares, buggies, wagons and harness.
JOHX J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
_
J s* s i r Ui~i^ Trains leave and »r« dn«
( fe^n SAN FRANCISCO *
liww|£r 1 F«OM OCTO3XS 1. IXfIL
(Toot of Market Street)
~L«AT»- MAIN LINE. — AMtTB
Z-00 A Elmlra. VacarlUe. Winters, Rua»ey 7-43*
7430a Richmond. Benicia, Sacramento,
Suisun and Way Stations 7-23f»
\u25a0 7^oA Valiejo, Napa, C*U»toga. SanU
Bosa, Marrtnez, San Ramon S-03;>
7.4UAXllei, Pleasanton. Llvermore.
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 7.23 i»
S.OOAShssta Express— (Via D»tlD.
WUllams, Willows. tFruto, Bed •
Bluff. Portland. Taeoma, Seattle. 7.48?
8.00 a Dm] j. Woodland, Knights Lasdlag,
MarjsTllle. OroTUle 7-48P
8.20 a Martinez, Antioch. Byroa, Tracy.
. Stockton, Newman, Los Banos,
Jiendota, Armona, Hanford. t .--_
VlsaliaTPorterTllla | T?SJ
820a Port Costa. Lathrop. Merced. Mo- • *-+ aw
detto, Raymond, Fresno, Ban- .
ford, Vlsalla, Bakerafield 4.43.»
8-40 a 511e», Ban Joie, Lirermore, S toe it-
ton (t Milton), Valley -Bprtng > , .-:.
lone, Sacramento, Placervtlle, . — »-.,
Coif ax. Marysville. Red Bluff .... 4.03*»
B.4oAOakdale, Chinese. Jamestown,
Bonora, Tnolumne and Angels... 403 e>
9.00 a Atlantic Express— Ogdea and East. 4.28P
B.4oa ßichmond, Port Costa. Martinez
and Wsy Stations (tConcord).... 8.48»
1 0.20 a Valiejo, Dally. Napa, Sunday only 7.43*
10.20aLos Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
Raymond, Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsalla,
Bakecsfield, Los Angeles 7-03'
10.20 a El Paso. Kansas City, St. LouU and - -
Chicago 7.08?
ILCOAThe Overland Limited— Omaha,
Chicago, l>cnyer. Kansas City... B4Bp
ll.4oaKUcs, San Jose and Way Stations. 2.48p
ti .oop Sacramento River Steamers ti 1-OOp
3-40p Beatcia, Winters. Bacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing,
Marysville and OrorlHe ...; 10.43 a
Z.4op Hay ward, Nile*, and Way Stations 7.43p
4.oopValleJo. Martinez. San Ramon.
Kapa, CalUtuga, Santa ISosa 9 23a
4.oopXlle>. Tracy. Stockton, Lodl 10 23a
4.4opHayward. Mies, lrvlngton. San) t3.43A
Jose, Ll' iTmore \ J11.43A
6-OOp The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banot, Mcndota, Fresno, Tulara,
BakersQeld, Los Angeles 3.43 a
S.OOp Chicago and St. Louis Special— El
Paso. Kansas City, St. Louis and
Cnicago |.4|a
t5-20pn»TwarJ, >"llei«nd San J05e,.... 7.osa
6. 20 P Valiejo. Port Costa, Benicia, Sul-
sun, Sacramento 11.29 a
B-OOp Eastern Express— Omaha. Chicago. -
Cenyer, Kansas City, St. Louis.
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento,
Reno. Sparks. Montello. Ogden .. 1 2.48p
I 6.2opHayivard, K'les and San Jote 9 43 a
7.ooPReno Pasitsnjer— Port Cotta, Be-
nlcla, Sulaun, Elralra. Plxon.
Daris,Sacramento. Sparks, Tono-
pab.Go!dfieldandKeeler 7-CSa
7-40pPort Costa, Martlnez.Byron,Tracy,
• Modesto. Merced. Fresno 12-08P
7.4oPYoiemlte and M»rlpo»a Big Trees
(Tia naymond-Wawona Route).. 843 a
7.40 p Valiejo, Sunday only 11.23 a
B.2oPOregon A California Exprets— Sac-
ramento, Marysville, Redding.
Portland, Puget Sound and East. B.4SA
9-OOpHiy ward, Mies and San Joss (Snn-
day only) \u0084 1 11 48 A
COAST LINE (>*nrow Can*.).
Tfoot of Market Street.)
8-1 saNewark.a Newark. CentervUle. San Jose, «
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations SSS»
t2.lspKewark. CenterTllle, San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatos, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations t1 0.65 a
' 4.lspXew»ri, Saa Jose. Los Gttoi....] \u2666loJIa
9.4SpHnQter» Trata— (Saturday only)
San Joie and Way Stations ....... ff.t 99
-COAST LINE OJroadtUuM).
XT (Third and Townsend Streets.) •
6-1 Qa San Jose and Way Stations 8-30 p
7i)oASan Jote and Way StaUom 6-40P
84)0a New Almaden (Tues..Frt. only).. 4*lB*
840A The Coatter— San Jose, Salinas, '
Saa Ardo, Paso Bobles, S»at»
Margarita, San Luis Oblspo,
Guadalupe, Oattota, Santa Bar* '
bara, San BaenaTentora,Ozaard.
Barbask, Los Aogelea 10.389
B.CoA Gllroy, Holliater. Psjiro, Castro-
Tiile, Del Monte, Pacific Orore,
Surf. LomDoc 10.38*
9-00ASan Joss, Tret Plnot. Watsonvllle.
Capltola, Santa. Cruz. Paclflo
Grove, Battaag, San Luis Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations ...... 4.1 3»,>
1 0^0A San Joa« and Way Stations 1-20(»
11.30ASaa Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7.40» \u25a0
2.1 Bp San Jote and Way Stations 3 3«A '
S-OOPSeI Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose, WattoaTllls, Sanu
Cruz, Del Monte, Monterey
Pacific GroTe 12.18*
t3.OOPLos Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, Tia Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge 1045 a
3-30pSouth San Francisco, San Jote,
Gllroy. HolUster, Tree P1n05..... 10.454
4.30P San Joae and Way Stations t?.66A
t5 OOp Santa Clara, San Jote, Los Gatoa. +9.00 A
15.30pSanJoteandPrinclpalWayStaaon> 13-40 A
MsP Sunset Expret»-Red wood, Saa -.-
Jote. Gllroy, Sallnai, Paw
Roblet, Saa Lnta Obltpo. Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Damlaj,
El Paso, Few 0r1ean5............
B.4SpEI Paso, Kantas City, \u25a0 St. Lonls, .\u25a0 --
1 Chicago B.IOA
6.4SPPalaro, Watson Tllle^Capltola. ,
fianta Crnz. Caatrorflle, Del
Moats, PaciacGr0re. ............ 1&30P
tB-15pSan Mateo. Beretford. Belmont,
\u25a0 - San Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto .... fB4f A .
8.30? San Jote aad Way Buttons 8-38 a
SXOPPaIo Alto and Way Station* 1 0.15 a
1 1.30P Sooth SanFrandico, Mfllbrae, Bur-
llngame. . San Mateo, Belaiont,
fian Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 8.45*
iiJWpSaturdays only for May field. Moon- -
tain View. Sunny Tale. Lawrence,
BanU Cl«f> and San Jose ......:. t9.4Sp '
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
<Foot of Market St.)
17.15 a. h. 8.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5.15 p.m.
. \u25a0 A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSnnday exeeptcd. JSuaday only.
(Monday only. \u25a0 - ' • '
\u25a0 IDallr. and stop* at all station* on Sunday.
H To SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADHtO, Sc.
Via Sausall to Ferry.
6UBUBBAN SEHVICB. STAJ»f>ABJ> OAJDGJB.
Depart week days and Sundays at. 1:00 («x.
cept Sunday) 7:43. B:SS. 9:10, »:00. 11:00 fc^
m.; 12:20.-1:43. 3:IS. 4:33. 5:13. 3:30. i:3\
T:l5. tf -.00. 10:13 and 11:33 p. m. \u0084
For Fairfax., week days— 7:43 a. ra.. S:l3 9.
m. ( Saturdays only). ' 6 : 13 : p. : m.. daily except
Saturday and Sunday: Sunday* and holidays—
T:43.-»:1O;'11:«X> \u25a0- m. ,1:43 p. m.;. .
THROUGH THAtN'S. JtsSStSfm
' 7:43 tv m. daily — Caxadero and w»y staUona.
\u25a08:1* p.' m.. Saturdays only— For Caaadenv
etc. " . - t'» l^B»«*saa»*fcefcs»JS
.- 3:13 p. m. dally (except Saturday aad Sua-
day)— For Point Reyes, ate. . J. , \u25a0
TICKET OFFICK— 6SO Market s*.
• JTERRT — Union Depot, foot ;of ; Market st.
W6JBH7 :Ci SLOO nerYearSPORTS
PAGE
RACING SEASON
NEARS ITS END
Belmont Park Gates to Be
Thrown Open for the
Last of the Big* Meetings
BUBGO3IASTER 'FAVORED
Whitney Stable Entry
: Looks Like a Certainty for
Colt Part of Matron Stakes
Special XUspatch to Tht , Call.
• XEW YORK. Oct. I.— With the opening j
at Betaor.t Park to-morrow afternoon
last of the big race meetings of the ]
y«?ar will be ushered in. The fields are |
not likely to be as cumbersome as of
• late, and there will more class to them.
The smaller fry are resting up for the
f.r.a.l attractions of the waning season
at Jamaica. Aqueduct and Bennlnirs. The
two sections of the Matron stakes are
the features to-morrow, with the Jerome
handicap thrown in for good measure. In i
the last race of the day a field of handi
cap horses is entered under- favorable
conditions for some of them. . •
The Whitney entry-. Burgomaster, looks
a certainty for the colt part of the' Ma
tron stakes. The rilly part of wie Matron
Is likely to furnish a more interesting
\u2666•or.test. as there are really no stars en
gaged in it, and the few named to start
\u25a0 ::guru closely together. It is a toss-up
between Perverse ar.d Deviltree on past
performances. The day's .entries: .
First race, one mile, selling— Lora Badge 115.
Andrew Mack 112, Robador IOS. The Cure 110,
Ker.ry Ban 105. Jack McKeon 104. Belle of
Portland IC3, Brocze Wing 103, Step Anay
103. Arter.al 103. The Huguenot 103. Bellln
dian IC2. Wyeth 101. Oro 100. AM Rieht SB.
Glowstar 9% Ttiietle Heather OS, King Pepper
" «8. Gamara 93, Supreme Court £.5. Hood Dance
105. • -'-.:.-.,--:
Seconfl race, six furlongs, short course, mat
ron colts and reldings— Ironsides 125. Burgo
maeter 124. B^ir Athol 122; Battlea.v« 122,
Pecrfcyn US, Ethelred 107. Nogi 108-
Third rac*. cix lurlorurs, short course, the
Matron — Bauble 116, Last Cherry 114, Devil
tre« 111, Early -and Often 111, Commune 109,
P«rvers« 109, Bivouac 109, Moonshine 104,
Ducoura 104.
• Fourth racf. one and five-sixteenths miles,
the Jerome handicap— Cairngorm 117, Oxford
313. Yon Tromj) 317. Bedouin 111. St. Bellane
IC2. Arminston 115.
! .K":fth race. *ix furlonzs — Sly Ben 114, Diso
tJA -t 111. Speed Smith 110, Midas 110. Ark-
OT3P 110. Hermit&re 110. Kinle-ydale 110.
Sixth race, one and a. sixteenth miles — Alma
l>jfour 120, Broomstick 119, Spring 119. Lord
of the Vale lift, Louis H 111, Pretension ICS.
Ed Ball 10*. Humo 1C«, Caronel 101. Kiamesha.
. 100, Rtbo »S.
UELMOVT PARK SELECTION'S.
(By the TCeu- York Morning Telegraph).
First race— Kins Pepper, All Hicht,
O. 1". Johnson entry.
Second race — Whitney entry, Blair
If hoi, Penrjhn.
Third race— Whitney entry, Devil
tree, Bit-ousc
Fourth race— Cairngorm, Yon Tromp,
Urford.
Fifth race— Disobedient, Sly Ben,
Midaft. \u25a0\u25a0 : - : *\<.; f% *-\u25a0'-
Sixth race — Humo. Broomstick, Lord
of the Vale.
Weather clear; track fast. ' .'>.*»
-LOLISVILLE -SXTHJE?. -*•--.-
LOUISVILLE, Oct. I.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at Churchill
Downs follow: .^f;
First race, cix forlongs. celling — Praise 82.
Vi }Z*rly 66. Tommy O'Hara 97, Father Tal-
Jcr.t 100, Arnei Virginia 101, Maggie Letber
IC2, Fiaeco IC2. Algonquin 102, Nominee 103.
-lydeo 1(4. MobU 105. Early Boy 10S. Nine
100. Joe Goes 110, Allista 110. Bessie- Vasty 87.
Second race, tleven-sixteenths of a mile,
i^'i'.ir^— Eua M 92, Ecliptic 07. Verdant 97.
Bumolette 97, Plebeian 97. Sherrill 100. Queen
•'arollne 102, Telepath 102, Bitter Brown. 102,
Bmriee X 102, Cnargre 102, Inspector Girl
lfC. Watchful 103. Malleable 105, Jean Lee
105. F".oes S 10&.
Third race, mile, selllr.g — Chancy S6, Har
poon 86. Tempi S5 Dungannon 95, Madoc 05,
Dr. Hen. 9.". Room Ma:<? 98. Orient 101, Myn
\u25a0»3i- 102. Sarah Maxim 102. Harmakis 104,
"&-? KU, Kleinwood 111. ' - - \u25a0
jT:;nh race mile, pur 6« — Lookout 85, 611-
98. Dr. Leggo SS, - Bonnie Sue 88,
Clauras 107. Major T. J. Carson 110..
Vi'.ib rac*», five furlong* — Mlnnehaha 101,
y.tvAf. Kingston 101 Floral 101. . Eular 101,
Baby Joe I«J4. Buell 104. Kargut 104. Prince
<\u25a0'' r>-ss 104. Addition ICO. Windshield MS.
.Attraction 103, Rely 112, Bine Silk 101. Lla
bia 10J. Johnry Lang 104. John English 104.
Six'h rate, one and three-eighths miles,
-rr— Brown Vail S6. Little Elldn fcO. Athe
ea r-4 Hot 05 Glisten 'JO. Memphlan 100,
Ecotch Thistle 104. " '
LOUISVILLE JsELECTIOXS.
•By the New York Morning Telegraph).
* First rare— Early Boy, Joe Gobs, Al
lista.
>wond race— Floas S, Watchful, Bit
trr BroTrn.
Third race Ebony, Sarah Maxim,
-Mynheer. «•-'-\u25a0'
Fourth race— SilversUln, Slajor T. 3.
i f-mn, Bonnie Suf.
Fifth rare — WindKhleld, Attraction,
BHy.
M,ih race— Little EZlkin, Glisten,
Strmshian.
leather rainy; track sloppy.
WIXDSOR ENTRIES.
.' SVI.YDSOR, Oct. I.— The entries for
to-morrow's races follow:
- \u25a0 ;"• ' j w \u25a0:.:*.* ;
First race, clx furlongs, selling — Hakin 109,
Jim Ferrin 304». Aden 107. Lillie Jones 104,
Affr-iy 104. Whirlpool 102 Raymond X 102.
The Novice 89. Miss* Affable 99, Gladys Me-
Com.';: 39, Hasel Baker 89. Mr. Tiptop 109.
Second ra«e, flve furlongs — Jlllett 109. MUs
Arxkus 104, Henry Waring 97. Baby Willie
m :. tta Gladnone 101. Daring 100, Little
'St. ».*. :00. L*dy Tra^-eTs 9~. Ossineke 97, Utah
104. Waring and Baby Willie. Bradley entry.
TrJrd race, mil*— Oro Viva 110. Henry
Walt*- ios Gemini 105. Wyefleld 100, Ruby
. Rlr.F :00. Ralph Keese 99. Bluish 97.
Fourth race, six furl&nr* selling — Nugget
112. Kiiurtan 10». Earner 106. Precious Stone
lf«. Orfeo 109, Caper Sauce 1.07. Fernrock 107,
Trcfs^hs 104, Alee. 104, Steel Trap 99.
Fitth race. mil*, selling — JoKn Garner .09.
Billy Handsel 99. No Trumper M, C. R.
JaiT-^s 96, Young Ilyscn 96. PreKtige 91. Virgie
Withers 83, Oddoletta. fIS. Economist 93 Girl
Fron-. Dixie 83, :L£ttle Red U3, Annie Chap
man m.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles. sell-
Ing — Coloniet ICS. Blue Flame ICS, Fairbury
ICS. Scalper 10T.. Ixwd Hernx>nce 303, Water
Tower 100. Eenckart ICO, Royal Arms 100. Lee
King 100. B*ry Wa-ddcll ICKi, Lady Mistake
35. Malo B 91.
WINDSOR SELECTIONS.
<By the New York Morning Telegraph).
First rae* — Ilazel Baker, The Xovlee,
atlM A9abl«.
Second reee— >llm Anxious Bradlex
rutr?. JIII*«. ,
Thfrd race— Oro Viva, Wxefleld,
H«-nry Wnlte.
Fourth race— Preclon* htoac, Fern
rock, Sllsrfan.
Fifth race— VlrgJe Wither*, Oddol.
rttm. Jolts Garner.
Sixth race Colba'Ut, Berry' Waddell,
Water Tower. ,. • <
Weather clear; track fast.
Millwood Gun CluJi Prize Winners.
The Millwood Gun Club. of Mill Val-
ley has iiiet closed the most successful
ycar'at' the' bliierock traps in its his
tory. The winners of the various prizes
, offered for ¥ a series of monthly
rempetitions were: W. H. Price, silver
. j/Ky: Johnson, srold cuff buttons;
1 Ashier. diamond pin; Haas, gold
medal: A'an Nordcn," SOO shells; Col
iTns Jr.; JCO:»heIU.
Try tbe United States Laundry, 1004
wjo-ket street' - Telephone South' 420. *
STRECKER AGAIN KING OF RIFLEMEN
SHOWS STEADY
GRIP ON RIFLE
Winner Is in Competition
With the Cleverest Marks
men. Throughout the State
TWO EXACT CENTERS
Measuring Machine Demon
strates Remarkable Skill
of Strecker and Bendel
Adolph Strecker is again king of the
riflemen of California. For three years
in succession this world-renowned marks
man has defended the kingly title against
all opponents. To become king In the
I contests of the California Schuetzen Club
I requires the utmost skill, as the contest
Is open, to all who wish to enter. Each
competitor was required to fire 200 shots
yesterday, and many of the best marks-
I men in the State contested for the" high
\ honor. '"'•. i ,'!
J King Strecker made 374 points In his
j record, being almost two points for each
I ehot. His nearest competitor was A. C
; Gehret, who made 333 points, followed
j by F. P. Schuster, with 331, and L. Ben
del, with 326- In the contest for most
points Strecker was also in the lead,
with 459, with Gehret second.
The visiting marksmen from Denver,
Sacramento, Palo Alto, Petaluma and
San Jose were well pleased with the ar
rangements made for their reception, and
particularly enjoyed the speech of Presi
dent Philo Jacoby in the banquet hall,
when he recited the history oi rifle shoot
ing in California, from the time the sig
nal was given with a fish horn to the
present easy method of marking results.
The ladles also took a hand in the con
test, and showed that they could handle
the rifle with considerable skill. Miss E.
V. Ott, Mrs. E. A. Hettlnger of Palo
Alto, Mrs. A. Hennlngs and Mrs. Kate
Scheunert all made creditable scores.
Palo Alto was represented by G. A-
Stengel. George A. Pattberg, E. A. Het
tinger, J. Prewitt, P. Keatinge, R. C.
Holmquist and A. Hollo way.
E. Schmidt, president of the Sacra
mento-Helvetia Club, represented the
Capital City. Captain F. Kuhnle repre
sented the Petaluma sharpshooters ' and
W. W. Yaeger of Denver showed what
Colorado could do.
From San Jose M. Knudsen. M. F.
Marshall. A. E. Weber, R. J. White, M.
Bullenger and P. H. Knoble showed the
Garden City possesses many men skilled
with the rifle. -
Among the scores made on the honor
ary targets are the following:
E Schmidt of Sacramento 72, C. M. Hender
son 72. Captain F. Kuhnle 70, Charles Sonning
een 70, "W. O. Hoffman 68, E. A. Hettlnger 70,
Georpe A. Pattberg 70, M. F. Blasee 69. F. P.
Schuster 69, F. Knudsen 70, A. Strecker (a, A.
yon Wji 6S, D. B. Faktor 67, R. C. Holmquiet
69, C. Meyer 67. A. Hennings 67. G. A. Stengel
67, George Tammeyer 68, : M. Kolander 66, W.
F. Blasse 66, Otto Burmeister 66. John Boiler
66, F. Koch 66, A. Gehret- 65, J. A. Sutter 65,
O A Bremer 64, E. Hammond 65. F. J. Povey
65. A. Hallo way 65. H. Etelling 64, J. Frel til,
F Brandt 64. T. J? Carroll 64,- H. Soenleman
Cl. H. H. Huber 62. A. Stader/63. L. Mayr
iiofer 62. F. Rlede 62,. P. H. Jtnobel 62, C. yon
Hartu-ig 62, U Thierbach 62, " C. Slmmen 62,
L. Barrere 63. R. J. Wright 61. J. Branna
gan 61. . ' • - ' -
Tlie shoot for bullseyes was the hot
test contest of the day. and the centers
scored were the best ever made at any
festival held In the United States. Louis
Bendel and Adolph Strecker each made \a
bullseye that measured an exact center,
determined by a micrometer machine.
The scores:
L. Bendel and A. Strecker true centers, G.
H. Bahre 14 points. Martin F. -Bla«se 54. R.
Finking 59 l/ouis Barrere 77. D. B. Faktor 103,
C. M. Hendetson 116, G. A. Pattberg 165, A.
C. Gahret 162, C. Meyer 171, T. Stamen 224,
E. Hammond 227, J. E. Klein 230, Louis Thier
b&ch 238, W. F. Blasse 2&i. E. Schmid 292. I*.
Wille 2W G. Tammeyer 325. F. P. Schuster
i,15) G M Barley 377. Jonn Horstmann 404,
A. Studer 418, A. Rahwyler 441. O. Bremer
443 G. A. Stengel 450, J. Iten 458. A. Jung
blut 471, Emil Woenne 474. H. Huber 506,
Philo Jacoby 60S. R. J. \u25a0White 533, A. Weber
861, -Max Kolander 573, G. R. Hauser 680. C.
M Rousseau 555. L. J. Reubold 559, G. Riech
reiller C 26. Otto Burmeister 635, F. Brandt 638.
HAKES PKOVE DEMONS
AT INGLESIDE PAEK
Game Greyhounds Defeat
Their Opponents in the
Three Events.
The coursing at Inglesice yesterday
was notable for the number of excep
tionally severe trials. In many of thq
courses it was necessary to slip six re
lief dogs before the fleet-footed hares
were run down. As a result, outsiders,
which did not figure, captured the long
end of the purse. lit the champion event
Conroy won by default, as his opponent
was withdrawn in the final on account,
of severe running. Royal Friend .out
stayed the bunch in the reserve -event
and won the purse purely on staying
qualities. Crazy Jane also showed her
merit on long hares, and defeated Miss
Buneretiros in the last course of the
open stake. The results, with Judge
John Sutton's official scores, follow:
Reserve stake: First round— lmperious beat
My Surprise. 4-3; Honest John beat >\ edge
wood, 5-0; Maid o f Dyne beat Lupin, 8-3; Icel
lus beat Blue Eyes, 18-8: Sunny Shore beat
Golde-n Wand,, 3-0; The Earl beat Young Tom-
Iniy R. 8-3; Ruby Sankey beat Dick J. 12-10:
Edenvale beat J R. 4-3: Young Fearless beat
Luxury. 6-0; Royal Friend beat Winning
Friend. 12-S: Fairy Bello beat Miss Brummel.
I 14-4; Melllnwood beat Buite City, 10-7; ~ Red
Pepper beat Young Johnny ' Rex, 5-0; Wild
Belle beat Secretive, 6-4; Lulu Girl beat Lim
erick Boy. 9-7; R W . beat Pasha King, 7-4:
Rac* King beat Gloomy Gus, 14-1; Polkadot
'beat lone Hill. 3-1: Loretta beat Prometheus.
'. 5-3: Cubanola beat lodtne, 6-4.
. Second round — Honest John beat Imperious,'
11-7; Maid o1o 1 Dyne beat Icellus, 12-10; Sunny
Shore b«-at The Earl. 7-1; Ruby Sankey ' beat
.Edenvale 7-5; Royal Friends beat Young Fear
[lcts. 12-4; Fairy Belle beat Melllnwood. 11-8:
.Red Pepper beat Wild Belle, 11-7; R-W-beat
Lulu Girl, 4-3; Race King beat Polkadot, 7-1;
I Loretta beat Cubanola, 14-8.
I Third round— Honest John beat Maid o"
! Dyne. 11-7; Sunny Shore beat Ruby Sankey,
5-0: Royal Friend beat Fairy Belle, \u25a0 (5-3; . R W
I a bye, Red Pepper withdrawn; Race King
beat Loretta.* 14-7.
• , Fourth round — Sunny Shore a bye. Honest
John withdrawn; Royal Friends a bye, R.--\\f
withdrawn; Race King a,bye. • .. . \u25a0 :
Fifth round — Race King beat Sunny Shore,
12-10: Royal Friend a bye. . ...
: Deciding course— A.' Buker's Royal Friend
(Royal Friend-Royal Fan) beat Kit Carson*
Rape King: (Rocker-Hazel D<!11), 9-5. •';. ;*;
Unfinished open stake: Fourth round Craiy
Jane beat Pure Pearl. 10-0; Galveston beat
Handsome Mary.' 15-8; womestlc Lad beat
Mount Diablo, 4-2; Miss Bur nieiiroc beat Run
away Actress. 10-2.
Fifth round— Cra?y J*ae beat ' Galveston
10-2: Miss Buenretircs beat Domestic Lad 5-3*
Deciding course— W. r:cotte's Crazy ! Jane
<Hadiwist-Mary Ann) beat L. M. Conneir»
Miss Buenretlros, W-9. \u25a0 TO.T 0 .? 1 ? 11 * 8
Champion stake: First . round — Orsina beat '
Peerless Beauty, 5-3; Bon Aral beat - TraW
Maid.. 3-2; Judge Dean. a bye,- Capital Lady
withdrawn; Conroy beat Presidio . Boy, a 4-2*
Sacramento Boy heat Frank Dunn, 0-5; Sam
rler. beat Foxhunter, '4-I.' : .--.
'Second round — Bon Ami beat Orsina, : 8-7 #
Conroy a bye. Judge Dean withdrawn; Sampler
beat - Sacramento Boy,; 9-2. . :-. .. 1
Third round— Conroy Jjeat Bon 'Ami,. 4>o* \u25a0
Sampler a bye. - * . , . . j
Decidinjr course—Conroy won by ' default, I
Sampler withdrawn. . |
THE \u25a0 SAN^ FRANGISGOICALL, .MONDAY; / OCTOBER-, 2, - , 1905.
DAVIS SLUMBERS AND OVERLOOKS A PLAY
WHICH WOULD HAVE CHANGED GAME.
Irwin Is Put Out;
but Is Galled
"Safe."
Game Replete With
i H itting and Ex
citement. \u25a0\u25a0<\u25a0'.:".'.\u25a0\u25a0
RESULTS OF GAMES.
; San Francisco 5, Los Angeles 4.
San Francisco 6, Los Anselei 5.
Oakland 7, Tncoraa 3.
Oakland :\ Tacoma 2.
. (Seven lnnlncs.)
So game at .Seattle.
j. V STAXDIXG OP THE CLUBS.
. PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
W. L.Pet. \u25a0\u25a0:--. W. L-PoL
Oakland 85 24 .603 Ban Fran.... 26 2S .481
Tacoma ......26 27 .491 Los Angeles..2s 28 .472
Seattle 25 26 .490 Portland 24 27.471:
If Umpire} Slats. Davis had been look-,
ing at second base, out at ' Recreation
Park yesterday afternoon . instead of of'
flcins around the 'field and trying . to
hurry the game along, the Angels might
possibly have beaten the Seals, to the
finish. At ajl events, they would have
tied up the score and another few rounds
would have been necessary to settle- the
outcome.
Davis broke his record for infallibility
in the eighth spasm, .when the Seals were
pulling off a batting bee that was like
unto one of those in the * olden times.
Three runs had scored and Charley Ir
win was on first, with: Shea at the bat
and one in the cellar. Shea, struck out
and Heine Spies winged the ball to sec
ond, 'cutting off Irwin ' by ' many " feet. \u25a0"
Mr. Davis was consulting his watch and
looking to make a record instead of
watching. the play. . He thought two were
out and therefore . Irwin had to be safe.
He came home a moment later on an er
ror by Brashear, thus terminating one
of the funniest blunders of which an um
pire was ever guilty In this league. ,';
Leaving aside the rough work of Davis,
the game was a. wonder, and the finish
happened like a dream of ancient times.
It was even up with two all In the fifth,
when Mohler, walked. Hllde sacriflcedj
and Joe Nealon tore through with his
second double against; the left field fence,
chasing JMohler in ahead of him. Along
came Householder with one just like Nea
lon's, only against the right field fence.
The fans nearly threw fits when Irwin
wallopetd one - at Flood that was so hot
it bounded out to right field, letting in
Householder. Shea . fanned . and Davis*
mistake let Irwin steal second. He scored
soon after, when Brashear booted Goch
nauer's grounder.
Everyone in the lot heaved a sigh of
relief, never dreaming that the Angels
v/ere about -to put a few over, j Cravath,
the first man up, > got .the only, pass Hitt
issued and Ross" tore "oft- a' Dingier. • Old
Heine Spies was right there with a double
to the right garden, sending . Cravath over
the Jumps. Charley Baurri showed he
was still, in the game when he rapped a
pretty one between right and center
fields, sending Ross and Spies tearing in.
ahead of. him. There were two chances
left, but neither Bernard nor Flood could
make good, so the glory went to the
Seals by a hair-line verdict. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO. '-
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Spencer, cf ..4 0 ,1, 0 0 0 0
Mohler. 2b ...3' 11 0 2 2 0
Hildebrand. If ...... 3. 1 1 o,' 1 0 0
Nealon, lb 4 2 3 O- 17 0 ,0
Householder, rf ......\u25a0*" 11 0 0 0 0
Irwin, 3b ..........' 4 1 2 IS 3 0
Shea c 4. 0 0 0: 2 1 0-
Gochnauer. ss -4 0 0 0 2 4 0
Hltt. i> ... • 4 0 2 0 0 6 0
Total* ..34. 6 11 1 27 ;18 0
LOS ANGELES. :
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard, cf 5 0 0 0 0 10
Flood 2b 5 0 10 4 12
Smith, 3b '4 0 1 0 1 3 0
Brashear, cs ........ 4 0 1 00 3 1
Dillon, lb 3 1 1 0 10 10
Cravath. rf 3 1 0 1.3,00
Ross. If .........W.4;;."l ,/2::0- 1. 0 1
tiagar c .....'.:..'.. 3 » 0" 1: -JO ; 3 2 |0
IJaum. p ........... 3 lIS .00 3,0
Spies, c 1* V.I: 0 .2 0 .0
Totals ..,...: 'l'.. 35 5? 10' 1 24 14 ' "4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles ...'..0-0 0 0 0 0 11 3—5
Base hits ......0 1 1 0 0 1 2 2 3-10
San Francisco ...0 0 0 2 0 0 0;~4 x— 6
Base .hits ....0 1 0 2 2 105 x— ll
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Mohler, Flood, Dillon, Nea
lon (2). \u25a0 Householder, - Spies; ; Sacrifice hits —
Haum, Hildebrand, \u25a0 Dillon. " : First base, on
errors — San Francisco, •2. \u25a0First : base on
called bails— Off Hltt, . 1; • off ; Baum. 2. - Left
on bases — San Francisco, 7; Los Anseles, 6.
Struck out— By Hltt; 2; by Baum, 4. Passed
ball. Eagar. Time of game.— Two hour*.
Umpire— Davis.:- \u0084.'-; " ...:
Brown Gets , Hla.
" When the? Seals 'lined \u25a0'. up against
Brown in the morning, at ..Idora Park
they discovered , they could wallop
everything the young man twisted over
the pan. They commenced early, clout
ing two over in the first and winding up
with .three more In- the third, Rafter
which Mr.' Brown was; put under the
bench. Gray came .out ion ; the flrlng
line and pitched shut-out ball . for the
rest of the game. The score: „ /
LOS ANGELES. .
AB^ R.BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard, 0. f........ 4 0, 1 1- 10 1
Flood 2b.:. .:..... .i 4 o 0 16 ,4 0
PmitU. 3b............ '*•" 0 1 1 0 2 0
Bn.h»r. .......... 4 0.1- 03 3 0
Dillon, 1b... ....... .4. 2- 0.1, 7 0: ; 0
Cravath r. t.. '...'.'.. 4 12 0 . 2 \u25a0 0-0
nS 1 V'f..... 4 10 1 200
Eaiar c.;..: .-• * 0 3-0 -3 1 0
Brown P. —-- 2 ° ° ° 0 .0 0
GraP, P. ......-..• 2 0 0. 0 0 *O 0
T0ta15...... .....36 4 8 5 21 10 1
! • SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH.' SB. PO, A. E.
Spencer, c f... ..-- * »® g » 1 g 0
iffiSn::::: li : -;?>.o-, k •
Nealon. ib... -......•. * 1 -'} 1} 2 1
Householder, r.f.... * 1 IV 0 0
Irwin 3h..... ..30.0 1 1 1 0
Wilson 'cv: ....... 3 0.l 0 400
Gochnauer. a. 5.....^ *. 0 0 ocbc b 61
Wheeler., p. •••_£__ _ _ _i •_
' 'T0ta15. .......;. -27 .5 '\u0084 7- :5 >27 -16,- 3
RUNS AND. HITS;BT INNINGS:-.'^- ,
, Los. Anseles .'..; 0 0 0-3 ; o^ o 0 ;0 2^ 4
• Rase hits ..... 2-00 2 0.4 1 0,2 — 8
San* Francisco. . . \u25a0 2 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 ; x~; 5
Base hits..;... 2 0«« 1 Oil Ox— <
. :'~ SUMMARY. \u25a0\u25a0•/.- \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0".>
. Hits oft Brown 4, run* 5;; hits oft/ Gray 3.
Tbree-base hit— Cravath.- Sacrifice hit— Hllde-,
brand. - - First ., base 1 on ; errors— Los - Angelea ;, 3.
First base . on : called r balls— Off J Brown ~2, '^off
Gray 2. \u25a0'. Lef t « on ' bases — Los \u25a0 Angele« 5. - San
Francisco . 4...- Struck out— By : , Gray y l; -: by
Wheeler 3. ; \u25a0-• Hit -\u25a0';:. by v pitcher— Hildebrand.
Double playe— Flood to Dinon ;: Flood; to Braehv
ear to Dillon; Neelcn, to Gochnauer to Nealon:;
Mohler to Gochnauer • to ; Nealon.- Time of
game— One hour andithlrty-flvo minutes. '- Um
pire— Davis.': . ; \u25a0 * '- -I"' -' \u25a0 \u25a0".
OAKLAND i TAKES A^ GAME.
Commuters .Then^- Share v Honor* of a
Seven-Innln'ff Tie With Tacoma. •
SPOICANB,- Oct. ; I.— Oakla'nd; and :Ta^
coma finished the T baseball /season' in
I. - CLEVER CENTER FIELDER FOR THE LOS ANGELES TEAM, WHO IS POPULAR. 1
WITH THE FANS ANDTVHOSE WORK BOTH ON THE FIELD AND AT BAT
RANKS WITH THE BEST IN THE LEAGUE. |
Spokane to-day with a doubleheader
before one of the largest crowds of the
season,.; which .shivered through the
sixteen Innings of good play. Oakland
won the first garne;ln;*the ninth on a
combination" of errors and: timely hits.
The second , game ; was; called , on ac
count of darkness in the seventh in
ning. Scores:
OAKLAND.
AB. n. BH. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, c. f. .... 4 2 . 2 1 0 0
Kruger. r. f. 3-1 0, 1 0 0
Dunleavy. 1. f 4' 2 3 2 1.1
iloekiman,' lb ....4 1.2 14 0.1
Kelly, 2b ."; 5 0/, 0 .1 3 0
Richards, 3b ..... .... 5 0 0 2 7 0
Devereaux. s. c. ........ 2 on 3 2 1
Hackett, c. . .4 0 2 3 4 0
Schmidt, p.- ..4. 10.00 1
Totali ...............85 7 0 27; 17 4
> TACOMA.
. . AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Doyle, r. f. ....4 .1 1 10 1
Eheehan. 3b ..;......... 3 1111 1
Nordyke. lb 3 1" 1.8 0 0
Eagan. s. *. 4 O 2 3 3\ 1
McLaughlln." 1. f. ......4 0 16 0 0
Lynch, c. f.' ............ 4 0 0 1 0 0
Casey, 2b 4- 0 0 2 11
.Hogan.-c. •...;."..... 4 0 1 6 1 ,0
Emerson.' p. V... .3 0 1 0 4 1
: Totals' ..............33 3 8 27 10,-4
RUNS -AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma .;....... 2 0 0 00 100 o—' 3
Base hltu ..... 0 0 0 1 12 12 2— »
Oakland .000 00 20 14—7
• Base hlt» 4 110 X 1 0.0 O— S
; SUMMARY. . -
Horn* runs— Doyle. Nordyke. Two-base hit— •
Eagan. Sacrifice hits — Van- Hbltren. Kruger,
Moskiraan, Nordyke. Double plays— Casey to
Nordyke, Richards >to Moekiman. I^ft on
bases — Oakland- 6, Tacoma 5.. Stolen bases —
Van Haltren. Kruger, Devereaux, Hogan, Mc-
Laughlln. Struck out— By Schmidt 8. by Em
erson 6. Bases on balls— Oft Schmidt 1, oft Em
erson 3. Wild. pitch — Emerson. Time of game
— One hour 45 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.'- '
' . ' \u25a0. ,' '.'.'. )' Second Game.
\u25a0\ " OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, c. f. ...... 3 1 11 y 0
Kruger, r. f 2 0 0 1 0 0
Dunleavy. 1. f. : ...3. 0 0 2 0,0
MoEklman. lb .......... 2 1 0 •« 0.0
Kelly. 2b .....;..2 0 0 4 2 0
Richards, 8b ............ 3 0 0 1 2 0
Devereaux, s. 9. ........ 2 010 2 1
Hackett. C. .. 3,-0-0 4 10
Graham. P. ...20,00 20
Totals ... • .22 2 2 21 .'J 1
TACOMA .
• - : AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Doyle, r. " f. :...... ......'3 -.'. 1 1 2 0 0
Sheehan, 3b . ....V...... 2 0 0 1 10
Nordyke, lb ............ 3 11 7 0 \0
Eagan. s. s. 3 .<» 0 .0 2 I
McLaughlln, 1.-!. .'-..•• 2: 0 0 1 0 0
Lynch, cf. .........20 0- 000
Casey, 2b 2,0 0 2 20
Graham, c. ......... 2 • 0 0 8 0 .0
Keefe, p. ...2 _»' _o 0 2 0
' Totals '\u25a0:'.. ••\u25a0 • • • "21 2 2 21 7/ 1
RUNSAND HITS BY INNINGS. ;
Oakland ......'.•••'.-•• 0 01 0 1 (» . 0 I—2
Base hits :...:..:..; 0,0, 0 1 : 00.1—2
Tacoma .......•.-••••• -' 0 ° ° 0 0,0-:^
Base hits ..........;1. 0 1 0 0 0 o—^
SUMMARY.. \u0084.
.Three-base hit^Nordyke! Sacrifice, : hits-^-
Sheehan, . Graham. , Stolen bases— Devereaux.'
Doyle. \u25a0 Double * play — Eagan \u25a0to Casey." to ' Nor
dyke.' Passed ball — Hackett.' Bases on- balls—
pff , Graham 5, t off ' Keef e 3. . Lett on bases-
Oakland 3, Tacoma 6. ;
Rain Prevents Seattle Game.
;V SEATTLE, .Oct.* 1.--NO ' baseball ; game
to-day .on'accountvpf^raln*,;;,/' . '..\
PITCHER OVERALL PUZZLES ; <
THESBW YORK GIANTS
TUe : California i College ; Man ; Wins ; for
His Team '.onsthe^ Diamond at ;
'\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 : -ClnclnnaiU ,: .\u25a0 : ; [;
STANDING OF THE CLUBS. '
National Leagu*. I : American ' Leaiii-?.
. : -\u25a0'\u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0.; W. L>. Pet. ; -•\u25a0•'\u25a0-\u25a0 : W."U Pet/
Xew.'.York;iai^ 44 \u25a0.TOiphUadelp'a.. B7.s4 .Cl 7
Pittsburg .".94 52. 644 Chicago :...;88 57'.1i07
Chicago ...87. 6l;'.sBSlDetroit' v:...73 71 .516
Philad'p'a -.SO 6«. 548 Cleveland ::.75 73.50r.
Cincinnati* .75 7.J ,So7ißoston f.'..*.. .71 74 .400
St.« Louis ..57 ( f>2 .3S3>'oW'York3.;(JB 72 .490
Boston .....49 97 .335 1 Washington V. 01 8T7424
Brooklyn \u0084. ".43 ' 102 T.IC7 Bt. : Louis ' . . : 52 04 .350
. NATIONAI/ LEAGUE. . .
* CINCINNATI. vTOct.V I.— Cincinnati ; won i. the
second uame -of the double-header. ,' darkness
making, victory ; sure after the visitors- had
played their fifth: inning. \u25a0 In .the first same
Ewing'e bases on balls were /' costly. Merle's
sensational work in the center field in tne
tenth ; inning- I prevented Cincinnati -winning.
Attedance, 14,000. Scores:
First game — R. H.f E.
Cincinnati 4 7 ,1
New York. 5 11 6
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Batteries — Ewlngr and Schlei; McGlnnlty.and
Bresnahan.
Second game— , R. H. E.
Clncinnatli ..........; 4 6-. 1
New Y0rk.........;...........;... 3 5 0
Batteries — Overall and street; Wilts© and
Clark. Umpire— O' Day.
CHICAGO, Oct. I.— Chlcairo won both games
from Philadelphia to-da>,- outflowing the vis
itors, making all of tha hits for extra bases In
both. Schulte. stopped a noma run hit oft
Bransfleld's bat in the ninth Inning of the first
game by a great jumping catch against the
left field bleachers, injuring himself badly.
Lundgren ' allowed but - three scattered singles
and stuck out eight men in, the second game,
scoring an easy shutout. Errors gave Chicago
the winning run in the opening gams and half
of their scores In the second. Attendance, 16, -
COO. - Scores: . "
. First tarne — R. \u25a0 H. E.
Chicago .......... 8 8 0
Philadelphia..-.. ••• -.2 7 6
Batteries—^Reulbach '. and O'Neill; Dugglebx
and Munson.
;•\u25a0' Second Earn*— R. H. E. -
Chicago ......:...... 6 7 1
Philadelphia 0 8 4
. Batteries— Lundgren and \u25a0 Kltas; Kana and
Dooln. Umpire — Emslie.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. I.— St. Louis end Brook
lyn broke even ; to-day. Th« first game wa«
close and interesting, • but errors and hits gave
\u25a0 Brooklyn - the game early In tha second con
test. Attendance, 6500. , Scores : :
FirstEame— " ' R. : H. E.
St. Louis .....: 2 6 1
8r00k1yn.."...-- 1 9 0
Batteries — Thtelman and Shsa; Doescher and
Bitter. ;_; _ \u25a0 " \u25a0 \u25a0*
\u25a0 - Second came — ; R. H. .B.
St. Louis ..:;.....: 8 ,8 1
Brooklyn £ 12 1
Batteries — McFarland ; and L«ahy; Strlck
lett and Bitter. -Umpire— Klem.
On Interior Diamonds.
FRESNO." Oct. I.— Presido Yon ths SUte
League game here to-day. rrom Fresno by a
score *of 4 to 1. In the nmth Inning Hopkins
was knocked out : of the bos. ] Fresno secured
iriria hits, but was unable to make but tho
single" run In the second : Innlnc ' In the ninth
Inniny Rowlander received a ; hard batted ball
on : the left wrist," which caused *n Injury
•which may prove serious.i Th- moat Important
feature of the game was O'Brien's phenomenal
Hitching. .Score: : ;V E ;
Presidio ;.... ..v..... ... ....;...... 4;' 0 4
Fresno .• • •*. C •".....•••••••••••••"•'* .-' \u25a0 . *
Batterie« — Rowlander and Matt Stanley;
Hopkins. O'Brien and Kuhn. .
STOCKTON." Oct. 1. — Stockton won from San
Francisco to-day by a score of 4 to -1. Fer
cuson and . Johnson were pitted against each
other, the former having the best of the argu
ment. Score: \u25a0 . . ,R. H. E.
Stockton •_•••? k ,
San .Francisco.'. « • •• • * . . : - o-. 4
\u25a0•:,. Batteries — Ferguson and - McGurray; Johnson
''"^AN* JOSE.'; Oct. I.— Areilane*, pitching for
the home team to-day.v displayed excellent
form, > allowing the Oakland State League team
but three hits, \u25a0 shutting - tnem : out by a score
of .7 to 0. .•\u25a0Batteries— AreUanes and Kent; Ty
son and Robinson. : „ . . ;• ;' .-". . ty .;.v. ;
Model i'nebt j In . Trial; Races.
; An "extremely, light wind . prevailed
at 'Spreckels 1 Lake,; Golden Gate; Park,
yesterday ; and \ the ; regrular Sunday, pen
nant races had ;tb: be 'called -off. i ; Many
"of j theTcrack ; models . were"-, out and . met
in ':> a 7 number; of "scrub" races. : : There
were ' no ~i time ':^allowances^and as a;re
sult Brehnah's. Alice Iwon "a; majority
of .the* races .sailed. Jv Vice' Commodore
j. J. Doyle"'-' had \u25a0\u25a0-his;" -hew -\u25a0-\u25a0'•" flrst-claaa
sloop "'Priscillav out : for ; the * first : time
and she made : a , favorable \ impression.
J.j Donovan.' " a X now? member '; who • re-,
cehtly -•\u25a0 purchased \u25a0 ; the {-".Witch yS from
Jenung:.' had \u25a0 his boat :;out : and partici
pated in: the graces.';};- The v followingr
boats : met; in 'itho, practice 1 . trials: Bren
nan'svAllco,;'Petersen'ss Stella,' Roeck^
ner's Apache; Seavey's '3 Spray, Dono
van'sWitch and. Doyle's^Priscilla.
Olympic ' Walkers Reach San Jose.
'.'SANs JOSE, Oct. I.— Four members of
tiiedOlympic "' Club--J. ;,R.: Bockmanr
Fred; : Heckle ,, H. ; A. ; Pless, ' Joseph Vin
cent-^who left San h Francisco'; at mld
night.^Saturday.Xpn jl foot; (arrived here
at*;i:is ! thisjafternoon \ .
AMATEUR TARS
SWIM AND DIVE
San "Francisco Yachtsmen
Perform Aquatic Feats
Off Sausalito Quarters
SWIMMERS CHASE DUCK
Walking the Greasy Pole
Diverts Spectators, New
begin Getting the Flag
\u25a0 A large, number of spectators -watched]
with interest the aquatic sports at the
I clubhouse of the San Francisco Yacht :
Club yesterday at Sausalito. The sports j
. were under the management of Commo
1 dore W. G. Morrow, Port Captain T. Ken- \u25a0
j nedy, Secretary TV. W. Wilde and the
rest of the directors of the club. Finan- ;
cial Secretary A. G. A. Mueller acted as
announcer. ;
-The first event was a race in club boats
manned by two oarsmen and cockswain.
The following crews entered: Helen and
Wray of the sloop challenger, Punnett
and Steele pf the sloop Curlew, Follans
' bee and | Neustadter of the sloop Amlgo
1 and Farrar r and Novitsky of the sloop
i "White Heather. The course was from the
I clubhouse wharf to and round the revenue
i cutter Rush and back to the wharf. The
i Amlgo crew won, the White Heather crew
being -second. Punnett and Steele were
1 distanced.
. A swimming race of about one hundred
yards for members of the Olympic Club
\u25a0 was won by Dawson, Baldwin being sec
ond. There were five entries.
Five crews entered a. rowing race for
two oarsmen, blindfolded, in club boats
steered by a lady. Savory and Hawkins,
steered by Miss \u25a0 Bryant, . won, the. crew
steered -by Dorothy Hill .being second.
f , High. diving. from^ the upper balcony of
the clubhouse was next >in order. Pome
roy, Barry, Wise and Noble were the
competitors, each having three dives.
Wise took first place and Pomeroy sec
ond.
A swimming race for members of the
San Francisco Yacht Club was won by
Gutte, Helen being second. There were
five competitors. .-•.-•
Five swimmers chased a live duck,
Dawson catching the bird easily.
Half, a dozen or more competitors en
deavored Jo reach a flag at the end of a
greasy pole, their mishaps creating much
amusement. J. Newbegin was. the suc
cessful contestant.: . - = ' =. *'
The next contest consisted in paddling a
boat by the hands from the club float to
the sloop Juanlta. climbing the mast and
capturing the prize at the main truck.
Three crews entered, each consisting of
two men. Noble and Follansbee won. the
latter climbing the mast considerably
ahead of any of Tils competitors. • i
A swimming and dressing race, in which
the competitors swam from the wharf to
the launch Rob Roy, picking up and don
ning a garment, thence to the sloop Juan
ita. where another article of clothing wfcs
put on, thence : back to the float, was
won by Baldwin, ,who-beat Barry by a
small margin. .
A tilting contest between, crews consist
ing of Harry Helen with W.. W. Farrar.
and Dr. Novitsky with J. Noble, Helen
and Noble being armed with long poles
padded at the end. and Farrar and Novlt
sky handling the sculls. The bout ended
in Helen's boat filling, its occupants hav
ing to swim ashore. . Noble and Novitsky
won. > i
CHAMPIONSHIP HOXOES
, ANTON
James Sweeney's Great Grey
hound Beats Strong Field
at Union Park.
James Sweeney's great greyhound Rich
ard Anton showed his class again yester
day at Union Park by. winning the^ham
pion stake. He met Freeport in the de
ciding course. The latter led by two
lengths, but the son of Rocker ran game
ly-After a trial lasting fifty-sbc seconds
the hare escaped. Richard Anton won by
a score of 'five points'to four. ; "' * \u25a0
*D X Cartter carried off all the honors
in the reserve stake. : H© won with hislm
ported"og Patched Up. Miss Domestic,
from his kennels, was second and North-
SSStoSSi-^ Judge. P. J.
Rellly's official Bcores, follow:
Champion stake— Humboldt a bye. Gambit
\u25a0^Sewnd* roifnd-Richard Anton beat Hum
boWt T-5; Freeoort beat Hudson.^3-2
T^ldinsf course— J." Sweeney* s \u25a0 Richard An
tonmoclfer-Flery Face) beat C. G. Whallon'.
F^eepart <F«tur . Free-Port Cost* Lass). 5-4.;
':3ytatmrn' stake— Little Claude- beat Mlsa Bock
lin T" B?anchTjewett beat Ri s ht Right. &-3:
Wild [ Gurbea-t The. Roman. 9-5: Presto beat
Tr.lee Lad. 8-7: Natan Skate beat Wild Pea*
8-4* Fetwrless- beat Texas Mamie. B-l; Angus
rM«inah«at The Old Peach. 6-2; The Referee
SS Bla^k TTom, 15-3; Amandan bea.t Vallejo
s?ar 81- Roman Actress beat Royal Spirit.
Vr'yfi&'TDoSSSSc beat Wild Mist, 8-0; Great
i'iw™ vent Clyde 14-2; Belle Marie beat
Pony cTpiUU ftSf M Amigo a bye Kathadin
withdrawn: Rush Away beat Wild Belle. 6-1:
Real American beat Sir Wlnton. 9-3; Joslo Lee
Sat SUngaree.- 4-2: Fiery Cross beat Blaze.
13-7; Sunnybrook beat Mercedes 9-«; Baby
Aurora beat Black Tralee, 5-4; Patched- Up
bea^Lady Athlete.' 23-2; Ina Clssu» beat Cisco,
13^6- Rose of Gold beat Fire Maid. 8-0; Roman
Kcto'r beat Forest Fire. 4-2. . ' •
round-Little Claude beat
Jewett 12-4: Presto beat Wild Gus.^6-0; Natan
Skate beat Fetterless. 1 fl-3: Angus Ctssus beat
Th«R«teree.. 5-0; Amandan beat Roman Act
rSl 5-1; MU9 Domestic beat Belle Marie. 6-3:
Mi Amigo \u25a0: beat : Great Northern 8-1 ;_ Rueh
Away beat Real American. 5-4; Aggie Rocker
a bye '- Jogle Le« withdrawn: Golden beat
False Alarm, 5-3; Fair Flying beat Black Gar
ter 5-0; Cleon beat Haphazard 8-6; Northern
Fiver a bye,' Fiery '-. Croas withdrawn: Raby
Aurora b«at Sunnybrook. .10-3; Patched Uj>
beat Ina Cissus. 5-2; Roman Actor beat Rosa
Ot Third' round— Presto beat Little Claude. : ; 6-0;
Angus Cissus beat Natan Skate. 5-0: Miss Do
mestic beat Aipandan. 5-3: Rush Away a bye.
Mi Amlgo withdrawn; Aggie Rocker beat Gold
en. 10-5; Fair Flyins beat Cleon. 6-4: North
ern-Flyer \u25a0a" bye." Raby "Aurora withdrawn;
Patched In beat' Roman- Actor.- 6-2. - -— r-.
:. Fourth round — Presto, beat Angus ' Cissus.
12-5- Miss -Domestic* beat .Rush- Away. 8-3;
' Northern \u25a0••' Flyer < a bye. Arsl» Rocker witb-_
drawn;- Patched Up beat Fair Flying,. R-3.-. \u25a0-;,
-i Fifth -roud— Mlsa Domestic beat Presto. 4-1;
Patched »l? 3 beat : Northern Flyer. 4-1. .
: Deciding course — D.»K- Cartter's Patched Up
(Sir Geoffrey-Causeway- Girl) : beat same own
er's « Miss Domestic (CavaJter-Mernr .: MaWen).
10-o.' ~ .UHU.Hll'iiiMli'i iillmiilliriHll'llMl'llMill
Travers ) Defeats Travis : at . Golf.
: NEW-*.YORK,.;Oct.^I— In the final
round ; of eishteen holes match play for
premierl honors \u25a0 in \u25a0 the* arolf. tournament
of* thelNassau Country Club.; Glencove.
Li. 1., .to-day. ; Jerome D. Travers/ of
Nassau' defeated ;J. "Travis ; of
Garden^City," ' L. "•\u25a0 I.; -by \u25a0 four . up and two
;to i play: / The • younger ; player ; led ~_ his
bpponent."all the jj. way.*; '
>_"You cannot: tell ..whether a man is hum
ble; in ; heart . until "you 'see ' him with v his
inferiors : ia station •\u25a0'\u25a0
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
TENNIS MATCH
IS A SURPRISE
Gardner and Dnnlap Defeat
Murdock and Griffin
in Championship Tourney
WINNERS AEE IX.FOKM
Bring, lnto Play All Their
Knowledge of the Fine
Points of tbe Game
The second . annual tennis tournament
for the championship of the bay. counties
was commenced yesterday on the Gulden
Gate Park courts. The preliminary and
first rounds were completed ,and two
matches in the second round were played.
In the doubles one preliminary and 039
first round match were played. The de
feat of Percy Murdock und Clarence
Griffin came as a great surprise. The/
met Carl Gardner and Charles Dunlap
and were beaten two sets out of three.
Many thought the losers were- about tHe
strongest team in the doubles event, but
they were outplayed by Gardner ancf
Dunlap. Neither ilurdock nor Griffra.
played his best game, while Gardner and
J Dunlap were In great fcrra.
The oth«r match in doubles resulted in
an easy victory for Fred Adams and
George Janes over N. Ambrose and M.
Hotchkis3.
i The . openings rounds of the singled
event brought together some of tbo.best
players entered, and several of the .
matches were unusually interesting. The
only surprise of the day in singles wad
the defeat of Fred Adams at the hanilJ
of R. N. Whitney. When they met last
Adams beat Whitney easily, and the vic
tory of the latter In straight sets yester-*
day was unlooked for. Both sets were
close, but Adams was not quite clever i
enough to win either. . • ,
The match, between George Janes and
Herbert. Schmidt was one of the best of
the day. Schmidt's victory over Gardner
after the latter had disposed of Janes last
: Sunday caused many to believe he would
take Janes into camp. The coast cham
pion was at his best, and although he
lost a set to Schmidt he won quite hand
ily. . t \u25a0 \u25a0 !i«-.'4Ulifl3i!lEP
Ihe closest match was played by H.
Miller and H. Vensano. Both are lower
class men. but they furnished a close and
interesting match. The first set went to •
14-12 and was won by Miller. Vensano
won the second set, but his opponent
took the third easily.
• Janes beat Dunlap in the first round in
straight sets. His victory over Schmidt
gives him a place in the third round.
Foley is the only other player who. lias
reached this round. - He received a default
from Getz in the first round and beac
Gayness easily in the second round.
Griffin. Murdock. Gardner. Foley and
the Baker brothers all had easy matches
and won without trouble. Herbert Lons
won two matches, but only one was actu
ally played, and in It he was almost beat
en by a new player. J. Kahn was Long's
opponent and caused quite a surprise by
winning the first net from the California
Club man. Long pulled himself together
and won the second and third sets, but it
was no walkover. \u0084
Play In both tournaments will be re
sumed next Sunday. The scores follow:'
Preliminary round— ll. Long beat J. Kahn,
6-S. 6-3, 6-4: F. Adams beat J. A. Code, «-I.
6-3: R. N. Whitney beat W. Howell. 6-1. 6-2;
A. Garland beat E. Miller by default; G.
Baker beat J. Strachan. 6-2. 6-0; -A. Sobey
beat F. Bass by default: P. ilurdcwk beat H.
Rolfe by default: N. Baiter beat E. Finnigan.
6-0. 0-1; H. Miller beat H. Vensano. U-12.
4>-6, 6-2: R. Drolla beat F. Finn. 6-1. 6-2:
G. Lytton beat M. Hotchkiss. e-1. 6-3; C.
Gardner beat H. Davenport. 6-3, 6-0: G.
Guerin beat L. Meryutre, 6-4, 6-4 ;N. Ambrose
beat C. Allan. 6-3. 6-4~
First round— G. Janes beat C. DuniaD, C-3:
6-4- H. Schmidt beat A. Brabant. 6-2. 6-G: X.
Martin beat A. Halne*. 6-4. 7-5; C. Grlffln'
beat S. Fotse. 6-0. *-2: H. tang beat N. How
ell by default: Whitney beat Adams. 7-5. «-4:
G Baker beat Garland by default; P f Mur
dock beat Sobey, 6-2. «-3: N. Baker beat Mil
ler 6-4. 6-3: Lytton beat Drolla. 4-6. 6-0. 8-«:
Gardner beat Guerin, 6-2. 7-5; Ambrose beat
M Peck, 6-0. 6-4: G. Hall beat B. Heath. 6-3.
3-6. 7-5; H. Gabriel beat F. Guerin. 6-0, 6-2:
S. Gaynes» beat A. Korbel, 6-1. 6-2; C. Foley
beat H. Getz by default.
Second round— Janes beat Schmidt. 6-3. 3-6.
6-3; Foley beat Gayness, 6-". 6-1.
Doubles, preliminary round — G. Janes and r.
Adams heat N. Ambrose and M. Hotchkiss,
6-S. 6-4. ;'•\u25a0..
First round — C. Gardner and C. Dtratap beat
C. Griffla and P. Murdock.6r3.S-6. 6-0.
DAMAGIXG FIRE DESTROYS
VALUABLE MACHIXE PATTERNS
Fort Pitt Foundry at Plttsburar Sas
talns a Two Hundred Thousand-
Dollar Losm.
PITTSBURG, Oct. I.— Fire to-night
damaged' the Mackintosh - llemphlll
Company's plant, or Fort Pitt Foundry,
as It Is better known, to the extent of
about $200,000. The valuable patterns
destroyed represented the accumula
tion of thirty years.* BHSttSMDff
i.
Is the ideol whiskey §2||fl
for Lhe yachtsman,
the golfer, the t*^H'
huaLer, the at,hlet,e rS^w
and the sportsman. MS^
}
Its purity, arocii *ni . •
j delicious fUnror have
tnids it *a * poptjla* '
favorite with aIL '.%
. Ask for it wker-
ever you go. .'. *.*
Grommes ®> Ullrich
Distillers
Chicago, 111. i
SAN . FRANCISCO . BJJANCH - ,
S Bsalc Street
1112
\^^Sr iT^jtiifffi^r QjpßS*^ $j2S^S?^ fid Hq^ *^^O^^^^ w
BEE BRAND CEYLON TEA— -The cleanest, richest in flavor
and most economical of all black teas. Special cut in prices this
week. NEW GOODS — Calimyrna Fifis, Sweet Pickled Figs,
Peeled Peaches, Apricots, Sweet Cider, Maple Sugar, Holland
Herring, Assorted Fruits in Glass Jars, Cranberries, Mammoth
California Prunes, California Cluster Raisins.
Specials for Monday-Tuesday-Wednesday
Eoqs— anfornia dozen ,30 Tub Butter. ib. 27$
Extra selected cold storage >' Choice creamery, cut full weight
Tea— Bee Brand Ceylon Figs— Smyrna, rejiy 20c. Ib. .15
.80 .60 .50 .40 Superior layer, reg. $1.80.. 12 Ib. box 1.50
reg'ly $1.00 SOc 60c 50c ollVB Oil— Sublime, reg'ly 60c. quart ,50
CoCOa —^Van |louten's Holland 80 Sardines — 80ne1e55. . . . . . .large can .25
reg'ly 95c Ib.—^s—^s— l Ib. cans French fish, reg'ly 30c -
Syrup— Maple ....qtbot .35 Grape Nut 5.......... 4pkgs. .45
Hnen's, reg'ly 45c —75c... *As,t\. .60 Wholesale price, reg'ly Isc pkg. =;
PeaS — French, sur extra fins, reg. 30c ,25 Soap— Carmel, reg'ly 60c . i dor. .50
l^lZ^lT mt J t^ UC ''''T '\l Coffee-H.w.ilan Beauty.... Ib cart .30
Crackers— Snowflake ...carton .15 Hand picked, contains no sour berries.
Amer.BlscCo.regly2oc extremely fine flavor
Salt-übie . .^ . . .10 ib. .k. .15 Tooth paBtB or Powder# .20
Alcalde, reg ly 20c-<k)c . .50 Ib. sk. .45 Cheney's finest listerated. rcg'ly 25c
OHveS Farcies— Te>-ssonneaa. sml. .25 Beans— reg'ly 5c Ib. .. ....6 lbs. .25
regly 30c— 55c bottle Ige. ,45 California Haricot Flageolet
Codfish- selected 2 Ib. brick .20 ShrimpB— Barataria ...... . .sml. tin .1 0
Salmon— regly 20c 2 Ib. tin .15 reg'ly I2sc— 2oc . . . .*. .... .Ige. tin .1 7\
\u25a0mi HOUSEHOLD \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 m . :
Table Mat— ng'ly 50c .40 Saucepans— White enameled. . sml. \4O
Site 10x16—8x14, reg'ly 40c ...... ,30 Capacity 3A 4 qt, reg. 50c— 55c Ige. .45
Asbestos, will save tabfes Door Mat— best cocoa sml. .95
Coffee Pot — White enameled ...... .95 regly $1.25— 51.50 .....:..... Ige. 1.15
3 quart capacity, reg'ly $1.15 sizes, 17x29 and 19x30
Claret— V. V. . . . gal. .55 doz. pU. 1 .40 Beer— Pilsner .quart .25
reg'ly 75c— 51.90— 52.90, doz. qts. 2.25 Imported, regly 35c- $3.75 . . .d0z. 2.90
Whiskey-Bdidog ..f u ii q t 1.00 Whiskey-Scotch d.c 1......... i:is
Rye or Bourbon full J gal. bet 2,00 .12 year old, reg'ly $1.50
reg'ly $U5-$2.50 Killycroy 3 X Irish, reg'ly $1.25. . . T 1 .1 0
Otierry — Spanish bot. .50 ni n *. M „ , / 1,,,* \u0084 '^^Jiti
To PL.re^y7sc-$2.50P L.re^y75c-$2.50 g .,/ ltBs Water^PoUnd, st.,«,reg-|y SOc ..,.^^4o,
6ln— D.CL qiboL .85 CognaC— F.O. P., our bottling..... 1.15
Old Tom or Dry, reg'ly $ 1 .00 Hennessy, reg'ly $1.50 bot, $6 gal. 4.50
GERMAN HOUSE
GIVEN SUPPORT
A gTand assembly of tne German-
American League of California celebrated
Gterman day at Glen Park yesterday,
\u25a0when fully 8000 attended ana enjoyed the
splendid festival programme which had
been specially arranged for the occasion.
The proceeds of the entertainment are
lo be devoted to the building fund of
the German House, which is to be erected
In San Francisco at a cost of $500,000.
At the literary exercises Albert Currlin
delivered an oration in which he dwelt
upon the uses of the proposed building,
•which, he said, will be devoted to the
entertainment and social life of the
German people of San Francisco.
The entertainments provided were nu
merous and eminently successful. Ger
man singing societies gave beautiful and
world-famous choruses anc part songs
throughout the day, and dancing held
fcway in the pavilion. Therfe were games
lor the j'outhful and recreation for the
adult, and bands rendered operatic and
the lighter class of music in the open air
and In the pavilion. G. yon der Mehden'a
orchestra discoursed a number of -beauti
ful pieces with artistic and fine effect.
The exhibitions by the Turner Societies
of San Francisco were intensely inter
esting.
The various committees were composed
as follows:
Committee' on arrangements — Dr. Julius C.
Voje. John Hermann. Henry S. Ganaris. Dr. P.
Kuckeln. C. W. Mueller,' C. Wedwneyer. C.
Stader, Henry Maret. J. R. Hans. H. F.
Budde, William Wertsch. J. J. Hess, A, Entz
xn&nn.
Ladies' committee — Frau Wllhelmine Wood,
Trau Carrie Ueichwald. Frl. Tita. Canario. Frl.
Anita Medley. Frl. Emily Krumholz. Frl.
Etelka Kunst, Frl. Marie Holtum, Frl. Laura
Holtum, Frl. Bruner.
Reception committee — John Hermann, Ad.
Becker, Franz M. Goldstein. Ch. Trautner,
William Zlramertnann, Carl W. Muller. J. R.
Hans, Jacob Kruroholz, A. Aimann, F. W.
Gerberding, Jacob Lutz. Emil Adams, Charles
Hltzke, Otto Guy. C. Ztinmermann, Julius Sie
vert, A. Schoen, Ch. Seebach, Joseph Marc
chall. Albert Jantzen. F. W. Reich. Henry J.
Mahler.
Committee on music — H. F. Budde, C. W.
Mueller. Robert Lorentz, B. Blauert, A Dul
fcr, Joseph HrachowEkl, John Wentzel, Wil
liam Krabbenhoft, Charles Adams.
Committee on refreshments — H. S. Canarls,
Julius Rieroer, C. Blickie. F. W. Schurmann.
Henry Schultz. Charles Adams, John Welz.
Turner committee — Henry Maret. R. Barth,
H. Etahl. Hans Goetz, Paul Uth, Casp. EUen
l>er£er.
Committee on entertainment — C. Wodemeyer,
C. Hauser. Paul llamann, R. P. Dittmar, O.
6imon, H. Steippekohl, A. Nitzschke, Theo.
Plnther. Huco Stanke. H. Gratz, E. Roemer.
L. Kramer. Chr Golze&e. C. Zwierlein, C. F.
6t>erline, M. Wenzel.
Committee on decorations — J. n. Hans, H.
S. Canaris, C. Stader. H. J. Mahler.
Committee on press and literature-^Dr. -F.
Kuckein, C. W. Mueller. R. Enttmann.
Committee on finance — William Wertsch. Chs
Ait>. C*f»». Zwierletn.
Ccmir.lttee on park — C. Stader. Gus Wucher
er<, R - SUM > Henrj' Bornhold. John Pape. Cap
tain William Bock.
Committee on dancing— J. J. Hess. Alfred
ItS^er Me rkt, John Schneider. Albert
SATS WOMAN ROBBED HlM.— Peter Han.
S?,?^ £", norenCe Smith of 14 HntaSr
alley took $3 from him Saturday nlrht. The
woman Is luld en a charge otVarrwcyT
The Most SKILLFUL DENTISTS in All San Francisco
Our Guarantee-No Pain \ txi/X '" Save Money and Get
We do berebr gruarantee the the Best*
v. uhia dpsrrlbcd dental work for - — y>,4TwrV^ '
ih« i^t^v ° r J- tn i ears> ar " l *+^ > * s Unbreakable Plate», »4
t-hould Jt break or fall during -=«T^S? 3l r. *• i , r- »-, + «
that time we will repair or re- Pure Gold Crowns, 53 to 55
new the same without charge. ySJfJTf& \u25a0S^~- T ** th Without Plates, «4
VAXVROOM >m{\'| X^" Palnle.. Extraction.
The only dental parlor In Ban ftSifi \ \u25a0/\u2666w f
FraiNiisc© piving a written f^ar- & Hi h \X/*\r\:' Charge 'H'hen Plates
entee with all work. /**ll^ X> are o^^^. • .
Open Daily From 9 Until 9— Sundays, 9 Until 5
Tie latest of appliances, 19 Years at Sixth A Market If you are' nervous
the greatest of conveni- ...... \u0084nftf| . . \u0084 do not fear, but come
ence*e*athen,o s t«enue Illf ft Mlf Q M f M)! to our offices. Our
s.stl.zsz VAIi. VnUUm ™*re~
%«5£ Real Painless Dentists iia^'ir^'ou?"^
and children from every ness is large, our. ac-
stAtlon and walk ln.lU«> w^ Sa «nna -_ . -••_.-• commodatlons ar e
visit our office*. Doctons. Id^ 100 1- Market St ""eh that we are en. ,
lawyers, merchant*, cap- •\u25a0•*-\u25a0 »>•-»\u25a0. a bled : to- treat' each
JtalUUi, clerks, mechan- '" - and . every ; patient
lc« and their families are COR. SIXTH with all due care and
all operated on by. us. .... ' . - , attention.^ '.^SSBBSSk
\u25a0 * \u25a0 -\u25a0- lady; Attendant*. French Spoken. --- - - - - \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0
Olci Established, Honest; Reliable
BOGUE BUYING
TERMINAL LAND
Chief Engineer \u25a0\u25a0 Virgil Bogus of the
Western Pacific Company Is having the
surveys of *the several secrlons of land
recently acquired In this city for . the
freight depot and other terminal facili
ties of the new road connected - up, and
It Is expected that ' the officials of the
company will ' soon be able \u25a0 to formally
announce Just what property it has se
cjured in San. Francisco. Through two
real estate firms the Western Pacific
has obtained an option on two blocks,
bounded by Bryant. Ninth, Division and
Eighth streets, and it is generally un
derstood that the company will use this
property as a site for its freight depots.
From that point the Western Pacific
Company's tracks will extend across the
Southern Pacific company's tracks at
Ninth and Division streets to , Sixteenth
and Kansas streets, and from .there in. a
souttaeastNdy direction to Eighteenth and
Carolina streets, thence through a tunnel
to Islais Creek, " where - tne company is
already In possession of 130 acres of land,
purchased some time ago from George L.
Center. J
It is expected ' that .the company will
find a way to . ,the \ water front along
Islais Creek.- There* is«mucn speculation
as to where the Gould people will find
a suitable location on the "Day shore. Its
officials have considered a proposition to
Join with the Santa - Fe. Company at
China Basin, and it is also j known that
Engineer Bogue and other representaUves
a£ the Western Pacific have been fre
quently looking over, the adjacent section,
commonly known. as Central Basin. The
selection of a water connection for the
local yards of the new -road. Is a matter
that has been causing much serious
thinking .••airiong-.tbe -officials, of the Toad,
who are not willing .to admit that they
have "definitely settled 1 on ; any particular
point along. the bay. :
Before they .can ask the State for. a
portion of the water frdnt it will, under
the - law, be necessary , for the company
to complete fifty miles of. road .Inside 'ot
the State. Toward this end the officials
are eager that certain portions of the
overland route, particularly in the Feath
er River Canyon and between Stockton
and Kiles. shall: be built as soon as pos
sible, and it is said that the contractors
have been asked to hurry. "
The. UffbtlnK Sjntrni ot a "Great
City.
Read in the October number of "Gas
and Electricity" of the great electrical
generating and distributing system that
furnishes light and power for San Fran
cisco.
Other articles of Interest to live busi
ness men and home lovers.
If you fail to receive the October num
ber, call Exchange 8 and ask for a free
copy by return mail. *
FAULS FROM CAR.— William Westerfeld.
who Uve« \u25a0at 810 \u25a0 O'Farrell street; fell . from : a
Flllmore-Btreet car yesterday afternoon and re
ceived several scalp wounss. His lnjurle« were
dressed at the Central Emergency Hospital by
Dr. Kudch. . .
THE^SANiFRANeiSCOjGAIiL,: MONDAYi^OGTOBER (2/1905;
NEW CATHOLIC CHURCH IS DEDICATED
BEFORE DEVOUT CONGREGATION.
IMPRESSIVE ARE XSIREMQNrtES AT ST. ANWS
•j : . .. \u25a0 . ..-...-• v .- .-. . .... •. .-.•-\u25a0.\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0..- -\u25a0•\u25a0--* .--- .-.----,•-,
I SCENE AT THE DEDICATION YESTERDAY OF THE NEW. HOUSE OT' WOR
SHIP IN THE SUNSET DISTRICT. AND THE PASTOR, TO WHOM CREDIT IS '>,
DUE FOR THE AMBITIOUS PROJECT. \u25a0 \u25a0 > . - y ;\u25a0• , . .. , ;
POLICE ARREST
FOUR FOOTPADS
Highwaymen Who Start Out
on GarniValJof -Grime on
South Side Are VCaptured
The police! captured four, out of six-foot
pads who held -up citizens .south- of iMar
ket street " and 'in r the ;Misslon
night and early, yesterday morning.. r :
John Zlngleman was held- up at Twenty
sixth and Valencia streets by. two masked
men, who. relieved j him of $3." j One 'of the
men was captured by. Policemen Manning
and Maloney. 'He gave his name as: Ed
ward J. Smith. ' f \u25a0 '\u25a0'-\u25a0 : '\u25a0' f. ' ' •
\u25a0William. WilHams. and; Joseph Sheridan
were held- up by two men' at Tenth : and i
Mission streets. ' One of the ; footpads,
Raymond - Milton, i was captured. ,'-.•;\u25a0
Two thugs who beat . and robbed- "Wil
liam Ferral at Tenth and: Division streets ;
were* captured and identified. They /gave
thelr t names as* Clarence" Coombs and Wil-'
liam O'Connor., -v. ... V ... \u25a0 '.
The first ; hold-up took place shortly
after 10:30 o'clock" Saturday night. J..Wil
liam- Ferral, a sign painter,; was iwalklhg
along Ninth street,- near: Division,: on 7 : the
way to -his . home/ .Two .men -approached
him, one of them hobbling along 7 ; on
crutches.---: -. -:-.:• \u25a0- ;".:•\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0""... .._,;...-. -,. ; ,".v-^--:"
The cripple tripped 1, Ferral -, : with \ his
crutch. and .the "other; seized him; by..; the I
throat," choking -^ him; ".Both; men: ,-went
through his pockets^ relieving him -of f J3O.
The cripple hobbled {rapidly.-away.' The
other, dealt FerraK a .blow that' stunned
him for several ;mlnutesi . ; '. . : T:' ! '\u0084 "
When Ferral recovered he. cried, for. help
and Policeman "Anneal [i- responded.^ The
officer »gave > chase .to ._, the \ cripple,' .who
made good time despite.hls infirmity .", He
was ' captured after a hot race. - '\u25a0\u25a0
\u25a0-- Detective ' Harry J Braig,^ Sergeant
and " Policemen "; Bruce , and [< Annear Jand
Ferral boganto Bcarch'the; south' side: for
O'Connor's:'. '"pal.*! "While •;•;. they -'were
watching 'i a -house >at Tenth . and t Mission
streets <they!j! heard fghrieka [for/ help.'; ";'' !'
They rushed around '\u25a0\u25a0 the corner/and i saw
' two' men -attempting- toehold \ up 'William
Williams 'and Joseph Sheridan,* two^.team
sters. The>men(ra"n"atlthe sfirst: alarm."
Policeman . Bruce i and', Ferral jgave \ chase
to Raymond j Milton,'' one of the thugs, and
ran him : into J a idoorwayr/ . The f other ;. es
caped, a! revolver as'he rani ;> J,
; A few minutes ilaterßraig. and' Sergeant
Bush arrestedT Clarence^ ; Coombs', HO'don^
nor's confederate.! He^was caught coming
out>of .'a.' lodglng7hbusc at 'iTenthf and' Mln-J
na 'streets.' < Coombs?and'. O'Connor^were
booked fat the City) Prison; on a charge, of
robbery.Vr, "'\u25a0\u25a0'"\u25a0"\u25a0 •Tr--..;'.-N:.^'. -:"•>'';.' ; \u25a0" ~- v-:'-v.- - ; .;-!
While 'John jZingleman;.was walking \u25a0 to
ward ; his ; home>; at^ Twenty-sixth \u25a0 and Va- j
lencia" streets; s two v masked } men /Jumped ;
out of- a • doorway/and * leveled-- pistols iat
hi s ' head." ' 'Throw * up^ your ,J.hands,'.'/:, J .hands ,'.'/: was
the order ? Zingleman I quickly;, complied,'
and one . of the' highwaymen I went through
his . pockets^reUevingvhim\of $3.*/,: : £ V -J~i
' After ;warhing7 him not <to~. make > an ; out-^
cry, -^ the S two % ment ran Vi down
street.' \3 Zingleman g Informed gPqllc«men ]
Manning and' MalbneyTofi the; robbery, and 1
they I went : In : search" of j the \ robbers. -They, I
arrested <Ed wjrd s j.*|Smitb4who ji was[aft-j
erward-ideht!ned'by/Zinglemah!as[oheFof
the 5 highwaymen.^ He] was \ booked [at jthe
City, Prison- on r a{charge^of" ; robbery. |
Bnrnett'»»:Extrn!etfof |Vanllla;is the
befit.T 1 perfectly.* pure.'J highly Jconcentrated.t • . -
i KmbassadorXWhltelaWs'Reid' has given
$500 foF.the'ehdowmeht^bf i"a;bedUo Anier-'
lean sailors in 'the Union JackClubj! Lon
don ' ;\u25a0 \r "\u25a0•\u25a0-'"'- ».— -.-. .
SUFFERS WHILE
MOTHER PRAYS
of 7 -Agony* Before Medical
Assistaiice >;-i Is Sunimoned
: The little baby child ,bt, FrankK. Mix !
and - his young - wife - was * sent to the.
'Park "Emergency ••Hospital •\u25a0 yesterday,
morning, f suffering 'severely:, from '\u25a0 burns
received • early Saturday ' morning, fjvhen^
, It tipped over- a kettle of -water , which
.was boiling on; the; kitchen stove. Keith
Mix ;is the baby's name r and : he is^ just
nineteen months ; old. : : The mother; of the
Ichild telephoried',f or^hjelp; as soon ,'as .she
discovered '_ that ' her >-baby ,",waa I. burned/
and; as= both Mrs." Mix ; and ; the ; child - had'
',_ previously been ''.treated '<\u25a0 for ail
nients by Christian; Scienc e'\u25a0 they,' de'sired
this treatment' Jarid^icallec *-a Christian'
\u25a0Scientist', who' advised the dressing ."of the
;;burns. After .the, dressing, the child slept"
and appeared but-; jlater* 'the
symptoms grew worse' and a surgeon was
sent for." There : was some delayin his com-
I ing. |He pronouhc^ed ; the burns
! but another surgeon ordered 5 the little pa
j tlent sent : to the hospital," whlcii was done.'
i" The ',;\u25a0 second V physician 'p called '\ reported
the \u25a0 matter : to'- the ">' Park J Hospital - and!
Dr.' G. K. Herzbg, who accompanied " k the^
ambulance, "insisted; on; takinK'the- little'
one/away. \u25a0 The^burns}arefof * the-flrst,;
second : and sthird;5 third; degree : and *' will
doubtedly prove^ fatal/.;' •_. ' t
'<\u25a0';. Last ', Saturday ' morning/ at -'the Mix
. home :at 309 > Second avenue, ; while -the'
\u25a0;mother was 'bburt r of ;the : room, 4 her atten-.'
•tion Ayas '-. called \to j the \ k| i tchen'Jby .'•. the
j screams of the baby. ; From his position
it 'appeared - that ; he had •' cclimbe r ; on^ a
!chair hear ;the stoveand' in saving him-£
self, from' f alling-clutched; atUhe \ kettle
of wateri and i was (deluged jby
the 3 fluid. . The^ little -. one's k ¥ face 'land
k right T side wereV scalded; and cooked by
j'the wateffaridltho; cries* of HhV "sufferer,
•wore heartrending."!!*'. ;\/'" ';}'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .'.
- S Instead': of Vqalllng . medical \ aid, the
; mother consulted fa • Mrs,;;.* Sudden^ ;a
[ Christian v Science! -'.doctor,'.* and 'j together,
•the i ; two -women] gave '.the ibabyji-treat
'men t."» ; At ;, th e J i uggestlon Vof \u25a0; Mr s.\ SudfJ
den! the \u25a0 buriis 1
and # ollve; oil*, to them; from"; the
air, and . the , mother \ spent ; the^remainder
of > her Himo7 at : thei. bedside, ;prayingf
The j Christian^:- Science l ; healer^Tagain
called : and advised i'that^a' '.'doctor jbe^nb-*'
tifled-Ho ."avoid* trbubl^," : as rshe : ex
'pressed'it^-'/ .''-.'\u25a0'.\u25a0 V? '-"..^'ix"/' '\u25a0':\u25a0' \u25a0'!:.'. •'
v !.While 'at ; one i. timej; admit ting, that .the
:babyJ!would/die;V.the':j Trhbtiier. -^complied
•^with^the ; advice laridrcalled'infDrs.'Nle-J
meyerj arid: Clary. ilWhen*DrVJClary^saw«
\u25a0jthes patient's ;iconditibnphe.f.telephohed
\u25a0 thelParlCHospital.Tarid^iheiambulance, 1 !
Jwith ?J-)r.^, Herzog Jarid I Dri ver/'Moriaf ty ,*
soon; arrived.**' *The:Tparents : 'eyeri>;th"en*
[were hardly; persuaded' toTpar t^ithjthe ,
cn.ld i and ; it": was } | bnly|the S insistencefbf !
Dr.!HerzbVjthat!brbught!the>baby Jun
'der*medical:attentibn>> ".. . . ' ' >
; *Oh' the -way.'^. to* the'', hospital •\u25a0 in K the
; ambulance ? the \u25a0 mbther_ 1 hardly^ceased
: from j prayer.' Js^Whenl Detectives j Archi-"
ibaldf Kammll^aridfJ.jiJ^Dbwd*; arrived
:shei»refiisedV;tof give ;any> information;
uhtiU^the'^ detectives showed^'theirj
\u25a0badges;-; Then; she';broke)down:andUold :
the ! entire story .\TheVwbman's^ faith ; Iq" her,
"dbctrln o ;**stlll I remains *£uric hanged 3 and
she]~Bays:itCwill|remaihTso^eyen|thbu^
; th"e| baby^dies.'P Th'el littlefone |,was|rey
)moved;yesterday|^fternqn|tbra'|priyate'
sarii tai-iu m.j Mix| is^'emplbyed pat J the
informationibVreauTbf.th'eiSOuthern'Pa^
'cificj Railroad s and nthe l l mother } has lan
'othTer child' and' two "stepchildren.''/ '. ' ' 'J
._-.•.;.\u25a0.•-. , . .« \u25a0 '. ' \u25a0 -. \u25a0 r
/f. The .beautiful little Catholic church on
Ithie corner of ; avenue and I
street' was dedicated" to , St. Anne with
very Impressive " ceremonies yester
day., morning.' A Archbishop Montgom
ery; conducted . the '\u25a0- ceremonies, -which
were f ollpwed by high mass and . benedic
tion; .Special 7 music was furnished by a
choir org'anized"for v the'occaslon, most of
the members of which belong to the choir
of Sti Mary's: Church, Dupont and Cali
fornia streets. * . : . . '
v The services were opened by tl|e bless
ing -of the church by Archbishop -Mont
gomery, who, after sprinkling the altar
with holy water, proceeded down the aisle
and ' blessed the walls ; of \ the church.
After the blessing of the altar, and while
the archbishop was still in the body of the
church/ the candles were lighted and high
mass, sang ; by the ' pastor.i Rev. Father J.
J.: McCue.T folio wed \u25a0 immediately . aften v
'; The Very. ' Rev^- Father" Prendergast
preached '. the ; . sermon \u25a0 and made many,
references to \u25a0;', the beautiful- structure
and ;,' to the \u25a0" saint rln whose . honor it
had been, built. He sai<2 he believed
that in, a short while that part ~; of
the city' would be built up with . many
Catholic homes, much of which would be
due to the new structure Just dedicated.
; The ceremonies were ended by benedic
tion of | the blessed \ sacrament, - during
•which services special music was ren
dered 'by '\u25a0\u25a0 the choir.
The new Church of St. Anne is the only
structure on the' Pacific Coast; dedicated
to : the \u25a0 memory of ; that saint, and is ' al
most \u25a0 an ' exact likeness of the large and
beautiful Church of St. Anne de Beaupret
in theVcity of . Quebec.; It has been re
marked that -should . .one stand a' few
blocks ' away ; with the picture of the
Church'of St/ Anne de Beaupret one would
hardly be ' able : to • tell 'the - two structures
apart. ;, The altar was patterned "after the
famous marble altar \u25a0in \u25a0; the : Charity Ba
zaar : Chapel in? the city of Paris; which
the pastor. Father McCue, . had .the honor
of visiting ; a-- few ; months ; ago. :He was
successful in. building out of wood and on
a' much .\ smaller,"! plan' an [almost exact
likeness'of that -marble altar.
At 1057 Market Street.
$15 -to ;$lB men's all-wool' suits are
being, sold, for; $7 50. On Wednesday
the : great shoe sale will sell, ladies' and
men's $3 to $5 shoes for only $1:90^
pair. ' $10,000 worth of high-grade
shoes must and I will' be disposed of .in
quick- time. : No time to be lost. Shoes
for boys and girls at. less than 50c^on
the -dollar. At Herman Lesser a, 105*^
Market street.; -; "-;.;;'\u25a0 .'\u25a0-:'
REV.'FATIIEiEI MXJKPHV 81-KSSES
'. .^"THeTrOSES 'AT,' ST.' ''.DOMINIC'S
«Feait ;of ithe^Rosisry'? s " la Observed
j " i- : ./ vv < With ". Ceremony "t »«id : an Im- ".
i"' : "t''v^- '.*' ;Procesalon.; ProcesaIon. • -.
I ; /'The 'Feast 1 of : the! Rosary" .was ob-^
served at St 7 Dominic's ; Church ' yester
! day r mornihff/^tAti 10:30 the : ceremony
of blessing the:.roses ! - was performea
by?the' very Rev. "Father;! Plus Murphy,
superior 'of 'the Dominican Order. At
II o'clock \u25a0 sqlemnt high 'rnassv was cele-.
brated ' by >' the ; Rev.- Father J. : B. O'Con %
! nor." : The Rev.' Father J. R. : : Newell was
! deacon i and * • Rev." Father^ - R/^VA.--
I Lewis- sub-deacon. :: '
?••" The", Rev.-' Father F. S. . Welch
preached \the, sermon; • dealing " with > the
signlflcance : of '\u25a0\u25a0 ,the' rosary." . ',
-: - - Following \ the ; mass ia . procession Eof
the ; priests j and,^Domini can -societies
marched .the 'streets -.bounding
:st.' ? Dominic's. 5 ; Father Murphy chanting
i thbirosary. \u25a0\u25a0.'•-. a \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:'\u25a0:'-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. --' < ",\u25a0
|' In- tho::eveningr solemn.-; benediction
was ~; glverii by Father^ O'Connor, j assist T "
ed >. by.! Father r;NeweH ; \' and' *Father t
Bou'rke.-!!- 1 !.•'•". .--., .'.','\u25a0: ;" \u25a0 . =.•\u25a0-' \u25a0."--'-\u25a0'-
ti\ The 'September Mc-
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- carries more \u25a0
/advertisingTr-^vhether meas-
ured by pages or lines— than
other magazine ' (weekly
or monthly) "iaji tKe world.
; ''The '\u25a0 • Marketplace > of /the
•;^World'^fislin'ltHc advertising:
pages Tof JMcCLURE'S.;
}jt S.S. McCLURE- COMPANY
\u25a0•• 44-60' East 23d Stmt
\u25a0 ' » " ' \u25a0 \u25a0 '. - ' \u25a0• i v .>
" '- " " "' \u25a0"•'•"\u25a0-\u25a0'' ". "\u25a0'"' •\u25a0 - ' ' \u25a0 \u25a0-^ *'\u25a0
1 rvronnor^Mogatt ®> Go. j
i Sample Line of Ladies 1
1 Lace Collars . • I
1 - This sample line consists of about ttace |f <
1 hundred beautiful pieces *M^%Z&?£ |\u25a0 <
: g and Braid Stocks; Lace and.Lawn; Chem - |
f m settes (wither without cuffs), Venice,^ *£ Off |
I H : tenberg, Point Gage and Princess Lace Regular |
S Chemifettes and Revere Sets at prices.... Prices | r
|j r ' Ladies' Handkerchiefs \ - j
H About; 500 dozen: of these pretty pure
if linen Handkerchiefs, with four-inch hems. \u25a0 • m v
1 I I Half-dozen ;..:.-.-:... ,......;V------ SUC H]
I Patent Leather Hand Bags \u25a0 ' .1 (.
m We -have just received some unusually ;>u m v
<\u25a0:\u25a0 # handsome black patent leather Handbags, - Q0 ML&
: P in the very new; shapes. Prices. ....'. $1H
\u25a0\u25a0 %s\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 -"---—-- — -^ :—: — / Iff *' ;
I|| -There arc -also some new bags made of $2.50 g| j
V: ||| calf/ alligator, pinhead .seal and 1 sea lion,, in *° -||
: ; / all the new "designs and colors. Prices.... S>IU«UU g
'^ M'\u25a0 ' ' : - - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"''.. - ' '"" — r— \u25a0 . \u25a0 . \u25a0 im II
P Mounted : Back Gombs 60c to | |
|§ In all the latest stone settings. Prices from $3.00 .g
|| -New Ribbons 'if
|X TAFFETA— Just received a new importa- :
§§ tion of satin luster Taffeta Ribbons that M
'-. |fl is exceptionally desirable. - : . . M
ii"- No. 7, worth ioc a yard— price... 5C . g
IB No. 1 6, worth 15c a yard— price.. 10c g «
|^ No. 60, worth 20c a yard — price.. 15c ;
hm DOUBLE FACE SATIN RIBBON (black §f |
;. onlyp-- ;"' :.---. V , §
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 W§ '-' 3^ in- wide, regularly 45c— price 25c ! $ g
.- 4 in. wide,' regularly 50c — price.. 3oc |
m'" Bows Tied Free. Girdles Made to Order. |f 8
ffs • ' ' \u25a0\u25a0.-\u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 1
P 111 to 121 Post Street 1 1
W* Send for our Fall and Winter Catalogue— ready this week, rj^j i
Country orders filled promptly. ||| |
Beat and Rob so . Aced Man.
'.Robert Robertson^ .an aged man re
sldin'g.'at- ulV'Clajrj street, was. beaten
and . robbed" by-.three -Voung men, one
of whom is under arrest, on Clay street
near : East, early last evening.- Rob
ertson had just left his lodging-house
when the three men attacked him with
their, fists and, after \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 knocking him
down,~ took a- purse rcontalnlng $1 75
from : his pocket. . Several-, sailors : wit
nossed "the deed and succeeded in. 1 cap
turing one of the thugs, Simon Cohen,
who claims to be a' recent arrival from
Chicago. Officer Hayes took the pris
oner to the Harbor station. The other
two -men made their escape and De
tectives Conlan and • McGowan are
looking for them. The empty purse
was found near the scene of the rob
bery, where it had , been thrown by
one ;of; the 'escaping ; thleves.
Builds. up f\li the waste tissue of the
kidnej-s. Lash's Bitters. •
la a Plttsburg office "building. a system
of washlnglthe airland removing all dust
has 'been introduced." • , \u0084
I Cra^eiicitte Coats
H V - Are you looking for a bargain in these popular rain or
a shine garmants? Here are three special lots that are
I New in Style and Unequaled in Value
\u25a0 \u25a0 ' M^ffmW'^iM^^^^ s - : ' Blouse effect — Oxford, tan or
§j \ f j|r ll^$yp'J \u25a0 Blouse style — effectively trimmed. \
H S&? m&\ ' Covert Long Coats — Full leng-tti —
3 Jt/j^ S^B«»Mft \u25a0 half fitting — collarless — lesr-o*- I
I • J Jl0&ff* f Z : *'$P : *xfW.ilwL' mutton sleeves; — trimmed
i "" TW^^^S^^^^"" Three Handsome Styles at Prices
§ That Win Delight Modest Purses
| - Evening Conln— Of fine vrhlte cloth— -made with large sleeves ?fl* 1 £ 50
I .'and trimmed with silk braid or -.velvet. .. . •-.\u2666••> • • • • • • : T. * T m *'ZrZ-
1 - EVeiiliie Coats^-iOf \u25a0 beautiful" broadcloth, in all the pastel .> C 1 *9 , CQ
ra •; - colors-rornamented ;with fancy "braid. . ;. . . ...... . . .... ... . T- * • . w
H'EvcninsCo1»ti^^f;hJgb-kVade broadcloth. In the latest pas- $22:50
g tel > colorings^-handsomely ; trimmed *;-.: ..;.::...•;..._..-...../ Y *T
0 LOOK OUT FOROUR THIRD" BARGAIN' FRIDAY- BASKMEXT 5ALE.
H PARTICULARS IN FRIDAY'S EXAMIXER.
Take* Feed . Baff for Babes. f^
;. A: demented woman, appeared at tnp
! Southern police-station yesterday af 1%
1 ernoon and inquired for her son. On
learning that he was not at the sta
tion she started to- leave, but Beeing
the horses of the patrol; wagon eating
from feed bags, she ; unstrapped them,
saying she would take. them home and
give them to her. children. Police
Lieutenant Conboy . noticed .the peculiar
actlons'of 'the* woman' and : sent her to
tbel Detention Hospital to-be examined
by the Lunacy Commission. She,' is
Mrs. Alice Strong of 2?B Folsom street,
Father and Son In Row.
• \u0084 Jose ph . Resch, a tanner residing at
1512 York street, and his son Harry
engaged In a' row yesterday, which cul
minated In the son having a laceratfci
wound on his head dressed at the (Jay
and County Hospital. The Injury was
Inflicted by a blow from a rolling pin
wielded :by Resch Sr., who. in " return,
received a fist blow from his son which
put hl3 left eye In mourning.- The
combatants were booked " at the Mis
sion police station on the charge of
disturbing the peace.