THE CALrPRINTS MORE NEWS THAN ANY OTHER PAITFtIBLISHED IN SAN FRANCISCO
Tmi) WWiTHER.
Forecast tor Octob«r 1». 1906:
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair
Thursday; tresh wtit wind*.
A. O. McADIK,
DUtrtct Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 141.
LOANS BANK
DEPOSITS TO
Cashier Kills Him
self on Eyg of
\u25a0 Exposure.
isjiyaiiia National
Concern Closed by ;
State Funds to the Amount of
$700,000 Involved by
the Failure.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 18. — After an in-
Teßtlgation of .the books of the Enter
prise National Bank on Beaver avenue,
Allegheny, which disclosed that the
bank was insolvent. T. Lee Clarke,
cashier of the institution for years,
went to his home at 545 Lincoln ave
nue, Bellevue. last midnight, spent a
sleepless, nervous night and .then shot
himself through the head this morn-
Ing. He lingered until 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon, when death came.
An hour before the announcement of
his death was received at the bank a
telegram came from the Comptroller
of the Currency at "Washington, clos
ing the doors and a.ppointing-Bank Ex
aminer John J. Cunningham receiver.
Following closely on the exciting
events in Lower Allegheny came the
niinouccc-inent from the president of
the bank. Fred Gwynner, that Clarke
loaned thousands of dollars to Penn
sylvania politicians and .that he him-
Belf had indorsed a note for 150,000
ysierday for Clarke. Gwynner said
t.'j^t i/ the shortage were smly^m ly^ $100,000
he would gladly pay^ffTuinsel^
The bank has State deposits which
\u25a0will amount to about $800,000, of which
J3PN.OOO is in .the checking \u25a0or active
account and the rest is State sinking
funds. Gvrynner in his statement said:
fsnnxfjr STOO.OOO of uic f soo,ooo of
state deposit* of our bank lit oat on
j>:i|ior of Mnte politician*. \V. 11. An
drrvT* has borrowed nearly $400,000;
Frank J. Torrance lias ItorroiTed ron-
Ktderable; I do not know bow much.
BU: the bank Is solvent."
Bank Examiner John B. Cunningham
tpent most of yesterday and last night
•working on the books of the bank
with the cashier. Shortly after mid
nijrht Clarke complained of not feeling
\u25a0well and started for home. Earlier in
Che afternoon the bank examiner had
been of the opinion that the bank was
insolvent and so notified the Comp
troller at Washington.
At the bank this morning notices were
sent out to the directors for a special
meeting at 2 o'clock this afternoon. One
hour before that time the bank was
closed. The meeting of the directors last
ed about an hour.'affer which President
Frederick Gwynner made the sensational
statement quoted.
According to the examiner's report, the
resources and liabilities of the Enterprise
Bank in the last report, made August 25,
v.ere 52,5?3.170 each. The Enterprise Bank
cleared through the Bank of Pittsburg.
At that bank this afternoon Jt was stated
that sufficient deposits were on hand from
the Allegheny institution to protect the"
clearing-house and that all checks had
b^on pen l back to the original banks.
After -the meeting one of the directors
paid that the books had be*n gone over
hurriendly before the meeting and that so.
far as they knew they were all right.
The director said that Bank Examiner
Cunningham would toegin at once an ex
amination of all the books of the bank.
This will require about five days, he said,
before a statement could be made.
Clarke took his Jife while in his bedroom
Ai his home In Bellevue this morning by
taking poison and then shooting himself
in the right temple. He lingered until
2:30 o'clock this afternoon, without hav
ing regained consciousness.
Clarke was not feeling well this morn
ing and his wife advised him to remain
Jn bed, and he consented to do so. Mrs.
Clarke then went downstairs. At S o'clock
ehe hrard a heavy fall in the room above.
Thinking her husband had fainted, she
hurried to the bedroom and found him
lying on the floor with the revolver still
in his hand. Mrs. Clarke's screams
brought her two daughters and the serv
ants to the room. Physicians were quick
ly called, but their services were of no
avail.
Clarke had taken an ounce of laudanum
nnd then shot himself. The presence of
the *mpty laudanum bottle beside Clarke
when bis wife found him Is a mystery
and seems to indicate that Clarke's at
tempt at suicide had been contemplated
previously, although he had never said
finything which' would lead his lamily to
believe that he Intended to kill himself.
Ciarke had lived In Bellevue for fifteen
years and has always held positions of
the highest honor and trust In his own
community. He represented the Second
Ward in the Bellevue- Council. Clarke
was • member of the United Presbyterian
Church of Bellevue, being a member of
the executive board. He has always taken
an active " Interest in the work of the
church and was its largest contributor.
WOMAX WHO STOLE CLOAK
LOSES $500 BAIL 3XOXEV
Alleged San Franclnesii - Arrented \u25a0In
Philadelphia Has Dls
njiprarru.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. IS.— Mrs. Re
becca Barr, who was arrested yester
day oh the 'charge of shoplifting and
was later released on » J500 cash bail,
advanced by herself, has disappeared.
She (told the magistrate her home was
in San Francisco. She was allowed
liberty on ball and the police were-in
vestigating her story when she disap
peared. - The woman was handsomely
Pressed and wore many diamonds.
The San Francisco Call.
LETTERS OF LLOYD
KEAD IN EVIDENCE
Mrs. Elizabeth Nix's Suit to Establish
, Claim as Capitalist's Daughter Begins.
WOMAN" WHO CLAIMS AS A NATURAL DAUGHTER SHARE OF LARGE ES
TATE LEFT BY CHARLES R.L LOYD. LEOYD WAS INVOLVED ,IN A
SHOOTING AFFAIR IN SAX BERNARDINO TWO YEARS AGO.
The suit of Mrs. Elizabeth Uoyd IVIx to recover, an n natural daughter,
two-fifteenth* of the $373,000 otiate left by the. late Charles R. Lloyd, was
begun yesterday In Oakland.. Letters written by Lloyd to Mrs. A'lx when
she was a girl-in England, in which he acknowledges her as his daughter,
were Introduced. ..She snld'he brought her and. her ntother Bo Oakland
and that she. kept her real relationship a secret on bis promise that- she
should Inherit as bis daughter when he died. \u25a0_\u25a0 / , ,
Mrm. "Six also testified, that she and ber mother, at Lloyd's request,
\u25a0wore to false affidavits denying newspaper fttntcments ... concerning '\u25a0•. the
shooting of Lloyd by bis nephew, A\Uli:im lioxnll, 11 1 $nn Bernardino.
OAKLAND, Oct. JB.— Away back in the
sixties, in merry. England, Charles R..
Lioyd, who recently died in Berkeley,
leaving*a large estate, became engaged to
wed Miss Mary Scan of Bristol. The pub
lication of the banns was cekbrated with
a dinner on the birthday of the Prince of
Wales, now King of England. The royal
birthday, outweighing the matter of the
Intended marriage as a cause for merry
making, tended to lessen the importance
of the latter and Lloyd's suggestion that
It be postponed was accepted by the
young woman, with the result that it
never took place at all, though she took
his name. A daughter was born to her,
however, 'and that daughter Is now Mrs.
Elizabeth Lloyd Wx.?Jfc?Z±s
This is the substance of a statement
made in court this morning by Attorney
Frank jfowers, who represents Mrs. Nix
In a suit brought bj« her >to obtain, as
Lloyd's natural daughter, a two-flf teenths
share of the J375.000 estate left by him.
Lloyd never disowned his daughter, ac
cording to letters and photographs that
he sent her, which were Introduced In
evidence to-day. The fact that he; sent
money to England and brought both her-
Belf and mother out to this country and
established them In a home on ' Market
street in this city was also told. She as
serts that In consideration of the . fact
that «he should be as a daughter to him,
but at the same time keep secret the>real
fact of that relationship, he said he would
treat her just as his other children when
It came to the disposition of his property.
Instead of this the father bequeathed her
a paltry $5000, and to-day the trial. of her
suit for the specific performance of his
contract was begun before Judge John
Ellsworth. :
At the; end of the statement by Attorney
Powers, lie "and M. C. Chapman, who Is
associated with him, put the daughter,
now of forty summers, on the stand to
tell of " the promise made to her?byrher
father. In order to lead up: to this,; she
told of how she went to Newstead station
at Birmingham, England, to meet him the
first time she ever saw him that she re
members .of. This was when; she was 14
years of age. She said that he pattedher
on the cheek and told her that she; looked
like him and ' that they, must be : good
friends. Then he; returned to America..
VISITS HERT IXr EA'GLAIVD.
In one of the letters written to her from
the Hotel ; Brewster, San; Diego. "April 7.
1653. and shown in . evidence, Lloyd; said,
aft?r stating that he contemplated a trip
to England: ' . ';-., ;
.-••lt •want to bring your mother, and your
self ' back \u25a0 with i me, or certainly; you,! so
that : you might ; have ' r * place • ready \ for
your mother and'fousln. I will look out
SAN FRANCISCO. THURSLMY,;, OCTOBER 19, 1905.
for a position for Mr. Moffltt— he writes a
very sensible letter. How have you ex
palined to him our relationship? Does
he know everything,' or does he suppose
that your mother and I have been* di
vorced, because such a thing could, hap
pen. .'Tell me when you write. . No one
can come to California without hearing of
Mrs. Lloyd being -in England, educating
her children. If I can't '"come, to England
In June. I- will send your mother and
: yourself tickets that. will bring you from
"Liverpool to San. Francisco. I dare not
chance your coming all alone, although
you would be quite safe. I sent a young
girl of 18 from, here: to London last year
and she got through without any trouble."
, Further on the writer promises to | es
tablish a: fancy or millinery store for
mother and daughter and to get a position
for Mr. Moffltt;. concluding with : "Now,
no engagement or : marriage is to ba
thought, of until you have been here six
months."
That". Lloyd feared that Bessie would
wed Moffltt- before leaving England i is
shown by a letter written from Los An
geles January. 1,1559. ; He finally succeed
| ed in breaking off the engagement,. Miss
Nix says. ' l
There are letters written :to her after
she' had -taken up "her residence .here,
showing the confidence reposed in her by
1 her father. , In of these he says:.
"My. Dear Eessle: I am here all safe
and sound, and will' be In Chicago to
morrow. I inclose \u25a0the-key .to my* chest
of |^6k . your.; mother when she
has time to. straighten/everything up/ln
her. own, nice, orderly, way. ; She ' must
not let; Fred in, my room. at all, and Mrs.
Lloyd is not to go there without , your
mother Is with her. Mrs. Lloyd and Fred
are the only ones who would do any mis
chief and there Is some i whisky « and
brandy there which It . would inot\ do for
Mrs. « L. '. to "; see,' or J she .would , go . on £ a
fine bender. If she does come; you; must
tell your -mother . ; to stand. Jup for her
rights. I have put-all, my?, things Jn her
keeping." •„..',;..\u25a0 v .'\u25a0\u25a0
Lloyd gave directions that If . "Mrs. L.
did ' make trouble" S to ; telegraph , him -at
261 Broadway, ; New York./' He\. seemed
to i fear 'that there I'woiild l bei trouble and
added as a postscript < the following:
l"l don' t want you [or your ' mother to
permit , Mrs." L. . toV speak |of ,- me: ln your
presence in* a derogatory manner. ;.' Just,
tell her, plainly and, firmly; that it =is un
pleasant to . you^ and i that ' you "^wlll ' not
listen- to'^ It.-. ; My,» famlly.sdoes : riot ~ know
that I have gone ; to , New York. . ' I dare
jiot i let ; Mrs. 1 ' L;< know ; that ?I i ani "\u25a0; so ;\u25a0 far
away, or there , would .be no 5 holding, her.",
SWEARS FA LSELY ' FOR 9 HIM.' X,
In another letter, 7 ; written' from New
AID OPENLY
FURNISHED
TO MATOS
Evidence Piles Up
Against- the
Guns Purchased for Use
Against Castro by
Asphalt Concern.
Former President Barber of
the Company Exposes
Whole Plot.
WASHINGTON, Oct." 18.— Amzl L. Bar
ber, one time president of the National
Asphalt Company, testified "to-day in the
case of the United States ; of Venezuela
against the New York and Berraudcz As
phalt Company that to the best of his
knowledge »and belief the company did
contribute materially to the organized re
volt In 1901 of General Manuel A! Matos
against the Venezuelan Government.
Hearings in the. case, which) have been
proceeding in New York, were transferred
to-day to Washington to take the. testi
mony of Barber. The testimony practi
cally confirmed that of General; Francis J
V. Greene. ln yesterday's hearing. in New
York. After affirming the statement he
had made in previous . atfidavUs. Barber
exonerated General Greene from all con
nection with the payment of money in aid
bf> the^latos revolutionary movement.
3 Barbero ; testified: that he resigned -as
president of the National Asphalt Com
pany on* January, 81, "1901, subsequently
sold all; his stock, 4 aiid now had no inter
est-Jn. the .company. He- declared „ that
sublequenttofhis'^retslgnatJon^pertain.onl^
cers of -the National Asphalt. 'Company^
of the Trinidad Lake Asphalt Company
and of the New York and Bermudez_As
phalt Company furnished money to \u25a0pur
chase, arms and equip, the steamship
Janrigh and further furnished money to
Matos .or-, to his associates with which
to purchase a large quantity of arms and
ammunition, which wereconveyed by the
steamship Janrigh to the adherents of
Matos. .? . '•'.",-: -. . '.\u25a0:;". ..- \u25a0 \u25a0 '.. ,\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0
Barber reiterated his statement made in
his affidavit that he had been informed
by Gilbert M. Furman of New Jersey,
that he had been directed by officlalsVof
the National Asphalt Company In May,
1901, to proceed to Caracas to investigate
the present condition and to make a full
repcrt to the officers of .the New York
and Bcrmudez Asphalt Company upon
the advisability of . that company— one of
the subsidiary companies of the National
Asphalt Company— assisting . the jj Matos
revolutionary , movement by. contributing
large sums of money to Matos. Furman
told him that in Caracas he found Henry
Wlllard Bean, the representative, of the
New York and Bermudez -Company, ac
tively negotiating with agents of Matos.
Furman said' he was alarmed at such
openness und- urged greater discretion.
Furman further said, according to Bar
ber, that he became convinced that the
Government- of Venezuela could be : over
thrown by the Matos revolutionists pro
vided sufficient money could be furnished
them to carry on their operations.
The decision to finance the revolution
was reported by the officers of the com
pany, said x Furman- on his return.
I Barber was subjected to a long and se
vere cross-examination, but. his state
ments regarding contributions to 'thJ
Matos revolutionary movement were not
affected.
CHINESE MERCHANT
FEAiRS HATCHETMEN
Eec^i yes Inf ormation That
Higlibinders Have Vowed
to Kill Him.
FRESNO, Oct. IS.— FonKee, a wealthy
Chinese merchant of Fresno, applied ' to
the local police.to-day for protection from
highbinders ; who are seeking his life be-"
cause he cave decent burial to the body
of a Chinaman known as ."Santa.Fe
Louie," ( who was killed here ten days
ago. Fon Kee declares that it is one of
the rules of hlghbindery- that the man
who gives decent burial to one of its
victims? «hall himself pay the price with
his own life. During, the past* three days
Fon" Kee has recelved > numerous? warn
ings from friends In Sacramento and San
Francisco, telling^ him to ;be on j his guard
as the hatchetmen were preparing ; to ac
complish his death.
York in 1891, -.: Lloyd again expresses fear
that Mrs.. Lloyd and her son, Fred, might
be- allowed to enter his .apartments: at
Eleventh and Washington streets. "\u25a0\u25a0, He
writes:' . ; . ..-.-' '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0. .. '\u25a0':::. :•'-":, '_. : >.
, ; "Gef:Mrs. Haslett, if possible, to, keep
you'i the /kitchen until my , return." If
Tillie or ' Miss -Wilkinson ;-. want my : key,
let ;them have it. They, perhaps may want
to go there." The ones I don't want there
are ' Mrs- Lloyd.. Mabel or Fred." ,- ,
\u25a0 ; Charles ' R. • \u25a0 Lloyd wa3 l '.'\u25a0 shot \, by ; his
nephew," ''.William Vßoxall, in San- Bernar
dino,, in i 1903, -. on - account of alleged I dis-'
graceful, conduct l of r Lloyd \u25a0; toward f. Box
all's sisters, anil after, the shooting,' as
Mrs. ;Nix ; testified \u25a0 to-day, Lloyd" sent i her
;a i letter ; asking I that ] she ; and , her \u25a0 mother
makc^affidavits denying statements that
had fl been ' printed [ in • the f newspapers; : the
mother to deny : ; that f she; had ever :\u25a0, lived
y.itl'i and ;the vwitness ? toVdeny '/ that i she
was ; his daughter, \ sothat 1 he; coiild I','shpw
Fred < up."/j This, ; she ; testified, : 'i they /.both
did in ; order -to .carry;; out Uheir;- contract
;v- ith - him ':\u25a0 to % kesp^, their j,- relationship to
him a ; ;secret,'; although.-'as pointed 'out Uo'
the ;court .by Attorney. Powers,^ against
their r own \ interests.'. It \ is \ for," these serv
ices :as [ much ; as ; f or} the \ actual " rela tl on
thlp: existing % that . she ', "nqiw'i ; asks for/ a
judgment at ithe ; hands of i the court "of a
sum approximating $50,000.- .-'\u25a0•' \u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0:> r. >.
ISABELLA LEVY'S HEIRS SUE
FOR A SMALL FORTUNE.
Persons alleging themselves to be heirs at law of the late Isabella Levy kaz-e filed suit agahtst
Reuben Hi Lloyd to set aside deeds Jo property worth more than half a million dollars, executed in
Lloyd's favor by the deceased. They allege that he procured the deeds through the. exercise of undue
influence over Mrs. Levy when her. mind. was impaired and shezvas absolutely tinder his control. In
answer to their charges Mr. Lloyd asserts that he is. the victim of attempted blackmail.
Accuse Reuben H. Lloyd of Illegally Securing It
Assert That Attorney
Influenced His
SAYTHATHER
MINI) WAS WEAK
He Avers 'That He
Is Victim of Effort
at Blackmail.
Person* alleging themselves to be !
heirs at lan of the late Isabella Levy
filed trait .jenterday afternoon to net
aaitlc deeds to property valued at more
than 9500,000 now held by Reuben \l."
Lloyd. The property In question vras
conveyed to Mr. Lloyd, who I» among
the iiioitt prominent attorneys In the
city, by ."Mrs. Levy, and all the rest and
resldne of her estate, constating of n
lot In the Home of I'eaee Cemetery and
$2388 31 in money, she- conveyed to the
attorney la her h^st will, In which he
wan named as executor.
Now come Sylvia, L^on, Samuel and
Leopold; Levy. Mithilds Veiller and
Franchise Correz, who assert that they
are cousinYof the deceased,, and ask that
the . court « set aside the deeds . and , place
them In -possession of what they -allege
is legally theirs. They - charge | Mr.
Lloyd; with having" taken! advantage of
his position as- attorney and confidential
adviser- of the late ; Mrs. ;\u25a0 Levy, , and as
jsert that- he worked upon.' her. mind,
weakened,., through disease and " habitual
intemperance," until he secured ".title., to
ev&ry^b!t of property, and every dollar
she Owned •
Lloyd v says ; it is all \ blackmail and that
he. can; prove it,, defining, his. position in
the case in- the following-words: / * --:-;
' "There is not one vestige oftruth -in the
charges' laid against' me by the so-called
heirs of the late Mrs. Levy. - There are
dozens ; of ; witnesses that can and will
prove that the deeds of gift made in my
fa.vor by the deceased: came to me unso
licited . and •; as a surprise. The gift was
made to nic by Mrs. Levy in apprecia
tion •of services I' had rendered . her
through the many years of _ our "acquaint
ance. \u25a0 '-.'\u25a0 \u25a0;\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0, •\u25a0'; \u25a0 ""~ v :.....
EXPRESSION OF GIIATITUDE.
\u25a0 "The gift was an expression' of : the
gratitude "Mrs.j Levy felt" for.' the . many
acts of assistance -I bad bestowed upon
her. ': Unsolicited. she gave me thN prop*
erty, \u25a0 and I shall keep it, 'as I . have the
lawful right to do. This suit has been
filed by. persons" who sought by every
means .to compel me to yield to. their
demands. - I have steadfastly ' refused
and uWlll ; continue to do so, -believing
that In the. first place It is my duty am
a citlsen to resist the effort* of black
mailers and secondly that as an indivi
dual jit is my right to keep that which
is mine.". - - .-;';-;:; : , V:"
\u25a0 The deeds In question were executed
by Mrs.7 Isabella Levy , on October IS,
1900, more than > a, year before her death.
They ' were - witnessed-, by Charles S.
Wheeler/ the -well-known attorney, and
W. W. Montague, who"stands high In the
business : world. , In , the deeds , Mrs. . Levy
reserved-.to Vherself a life interest in all
of the \u25a0 property, but provided = that upon
her death • the property j described \u25a0 therein
should go to Mr. Llpyd. ' Should Lloyd
die ' before her, however, she provided
that 8 the property described should not
go to his heirs,' the purpose of the deeds
being •to express her. gratitude to him
alonel • and she -wished that \u25a0 he alone
should benefit. 'The properties thus con
veyed to.Lloyd are located as follows:
One; piece- on Dupont, south -of ; Clay
streets. two pieces on Union Square/ west
oft Grant avenue; one on Mason, north
of Geary; one on Sutter, east of Leaven
worth ; • one on - Sutter, west " of Taylor;
one*. on i Sutter, east of ; Mason; one on
Sixth; south of Harrison;* one on Howard,
near Erie, and; one on Sutter, near - Scott.
The - total value ?of • these ) properties, al
lege' the plaintiffs . in tjie action filed yes
terday.Vls In | excess'of s $306,000,; and from
them Lloyd mow 'enjoys a yearly Income
in excess; of $25.000..
. .VICTIM OF DELIRIUM.
.In their", complaint the .plaintiffs, al
lege .that, 1 at the time- the deeds were
executed "» Mrs. 2 Levy was g of . ; unsound
mind; which t condition was aggravated
by the fact • that- she habitually ; indulged
in'ihtoxlcants, to. such an extent' that she
was frequently) the -victim ) of; severe; at
tacks ". of .J delirium '\u25a0\u25a0 tremens. "WTiile in
such s condition. v they;: allege, she 'was
easily influenced y and that as her
confidential .friend, : attorney-- .and V man
ager \u25a0 of ? her ; property. \u25a0 took ; advantage; of
this ifact, and?, unduly! influenced her ,to
deed ' to,him>ll;or her>,wealth.
.After they had, ascertained the ,fact 3,
"as; they, allege -.them -to be, plaintiffs
assert tha t :. they I called .upon : Mr." . Lloyd
and '\u25a0"• announced ; to \u0084 him.*; that they -were
about ' to ! Institute a contest 'to set aside
the '\u25a0" \u25a0will 'of the ."deceased , and ; cance 1 , the
conveyances ;to j the , real -estate.' '.. Lloyd,
they allege, 'then made \u25a0 to"^ them the j posi
tive assertion ! . that whether the , deeds and
wllllwere- set: aside orjnot .they lwould, In
herit nothing,', Uoyd Informing " them Uhat
a ' Certain '-. Mrs.'' Well,\whom' r he 1 said ywas
a ? maternar aunt ,oC< the deceased, , was liv
ing and'that > In event jthe'deeds and will
;wereset : aside ; she 1 - would 1 , come '.lnto'aH of
the i property^ of * Lloyd
agreed , ; however, -: they/ say. . to i give , each
onelof.themfa gratuity of $1375.. v,. fe.
: -}. Believing, .' they ; assert, that '{Lloyd L was
'telling •. them." the 3 truth/ ; they? agreed "k" k to
accept * the ; gratuity,** and ' upon' ; the I, pay
ment ' of > $1375 "^to j each '(of \ them, \u25a0 a* total
$5250,, i th'ey£ signed " papers r t orever.* 4 releas T
Ing .all ; claims J they;- had 7 or^mlght^ have
Continued on ' Page ' 2, - Column <3.
..'.*. ".' THE THEATETiS.
ALCAZAR— "The Crisis." #
CALIFORNIA— BurIesque.
CENTHAL — "Tracked Around .the
, World.' 1
COLUMBIA— "HereIy Mary Ann."
CHUTES— Vaud«vill«. Matinee.
GRAND— "In Old Kentucky."
LYRIC HALL— Harold Bauer.
MAJESTIC— "JanIca Meredith/* Mati
neo. ," .
ORPHEUM — Vaude\lUe. Matlna».
TIVOLJ— Grand Opera.
QUIETLY MOVE
POST OFFICE TO
NEW QUARTERS
Citizens of SparksvAct
Without Consulting^
Uncle Sam; \u25a0
Special Dispatch"to : The CalL
RENO. Nev., Oct. 18.— About ,100 citi
zens entered the Government j>ostofflce. at
Sparks to-night and taking possession 'of
the; place, loaded . the mail, stationery."
stamps and fixtures ,on a? wagon and
moved them' to a. building situated In an
other portion of the city. The move was
made quietly and there , was no opposi^
tion to it. . V w • '.
The location of the office has ever since
the birth of the city been a source of
much -trouble. -,: It was 'situated at a
point nearly • outside I the city limits and
the residents in the * opposlt* end of tha
town were compelled to travel a distance
of. more -than 'a- mile .to, obtain their mall.
The action to-night - was taken without
regard to the law, and; lt is said by dif
ferent legal authorities of this city that
serious results are certain to follow. No
arrests have been made. ! ?
The material from the office was placed
in a building near the, heart, of -the "city
whicA is. conveniently located for all the
residents. It -la the of/ a ma
jority of the. citizens that they pursued
the proper course,-, as all v attempts to
have the Government imove ; the building
have ' been : futile. ': Postmaster "Jones .of
fered *no resistance to the faction r of the
citizens. • In" fact,- it Is said he favored
the movement. Several* of the .city -offi
cers assisted In moving-, the property.' ;.;
YOUNG BRIDE AIDS -
vAN ELOPING COUPLE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. . Oct.- 18.— The .preliminaries
being arranged by her brother and his
.-wife,, who had been' married only a week,
Mary : Sanders,-, the ; pretty x l6-y ear-old
daughter . of G.". W. Sanders of* this place,
eloped , i yesterday mornmg ;wlth £ Percy
Thomas,^ aged V l9- years, "and -married- him
at -Dayton after a furious drive of twenty
miles through the " mud and rain. "; 4
, \WhenVMrs. . Sanders returned home and
missed^ the r Blrl : . she ; madej Inquiries and
noon learned % what * had happened.- For a
time- she 1 was 'hysterical. Hhen hurrying
to J the ; Sheriff's • office she ; - a
warrant -for the' arrest young Thomas
on , the charse of } kidnaping. f She\was di
rected . to : the: prosecuting attorney, where."
as;' the complaint .was /being i drawn up.
.word", arrived Uhat the.' woman's _\u25a0 son 'had
'sworn Uo .: the • girl being of age. Heart
broken the mother.freturned home to await
the \u25a0comlngv^fthe'trtraht pair: l "
PRICE" FIVE CENTS.
LE.VDIXG \u25a0 ATTORNHTT "WHO WAS
MADE DEFENDANT IN A 810
SUIT TESXERDAT.
WOMAN'S CLUB
PUTS QUESTION
TO PRESIDENT
Wants to Know How to
Prevent Desertions •
by Husbands.
Special Dispatch to Th» CaiL
\u0084 PHILADELPHIA. Oct 13.— Because of
his stand against race suicide. ' President
Roosevelt .will be asked by the Woman'a
Club of Philadelphia to suggest a remedy
for .'the increasing number of runaway
husbands. The women believe the two
problems should be considered together.'
: The question was brought up at a meet
ing of .the , club ,by Dr. Rachel Siddelsky.
who said the Increasing number of hus
bands deserting their wives was a proper
"subject .for alarm. \u25a0>.-.
"We ought. to send an appeal to Presi
dent Roosevelt." Dr. Skldelaky said. "He
Is the one who wants the family enlarged
and;he;ls the one- who ought ; to advise
the association how to keep husbands at
home." . ..
COX6RESS MAY-.'UEI''UXD \u25a0
MISS ROOSEVELT'S COI.V
Secretary Say* It Would. B«
Unjuait" to ..Collect- Duty oa
HerUtfts. ,
.WASHINGTON. ..; Oct. • . 13.— Secretary^
Shaw, said to-day - air,; offer ' would b*»v*
made to thePreaidentUo seek authority;: '
from Congress, to refund to- Mias" Alice '
Roosevelt whatever money may be col
le'ctedjfroni>her* In" the way -of duttej
when i she f returns, r- /-
".xhis course Is. prompted by what he
considers ,an Injustice of the law/sia r ,
her special case. .Hy points out-'tn»t{
'most' of 1 the presents were; not only;'ju>t'i
solicited, but she had no desire .'to re- \u25a0"
cetve ; them." , She . was v compelled to do
sbT'however, or else offend those 'who
offered them and thus make enemies 'for,;
her country. *<- ...... .j- '-2
YOUTH BRUTALLY ATTACKS
HIS OLD GRANDMOTHER
• m
I William Markham, 17 years old, demanded money of his
j grandmother, Mrs. Dora Krueger, 1927 Howard street,
j yesterday, and when she refused him he brutally assault
ed her with the butt end of a revolver. She warded off
the blows and escaped, screaming, to the back yard.
Neighbors ran to the rescue and Markham disappeared.
William Markham Beats Mrs. Dora
Xr tiger When Refused Money. 1
MRS CORA KRUEGER. EIGHTY YBARS OF AGE. WHOM WILLIAM MARK
HAM HER GRANDSON. »E.\T WITH THE BUTT OF A PISTOL BECAUSE .
SHE "REFUSED 1O ACCEDE 'iO HIS DEMAND FOR MONEY.
In a fit of ugly rage because his de
mand for money was not acceded to;
William Markham. 17 years old, at
tacked his grandmother, Mrs. Dora
Krueger, 80 years of age. at their
home. 1927 Howard street, yesterday
morning. raining blows upon the feeble
woman with the butt of a pistol. The
vicious boy tr««d to beat tho helpless
old woman Into insensibility by smash
ing at her head with the weapon, but
Mrs. Krueg-er luckily managed to
ward off the savage onslaught suffi
ciently to take the blows upon her
arms.
Mrs. Krueger was so much surprised
at th« unexpected attack that for a
moment she was dazed and stood lielp
less before her angry grandson. Then,
as he rushed Hgain and again upon
her. the ared grandparent gave way
and escaped to the back yard. Her
\u25a0creams of fright. Intermingled with
loud threats from the boy. alarmed
neighbors, who went to the rescue.
Quickly the- police were notified, Pa-
Good Blood
Good blood nourishes and supports every membrane and tissue,
every bone and muscle, of the body, and enables every organ to per-
form its functions, naturally and perfectly. »It is the best gift of
parent to child, and should be carefully safeguarded.
If you have begun to lose appetite or to get tired easily, or to
feel run down, dull or listless, without ambition or courage, your
blood is no longer good blood,
but is in a Condition in which it " I . hay ? taken Hood>B Sarsaparilla and
. erladly recommend it to my friends as a
IS really hazardous, to neglect it. reliable strengrthenlns tonic and an un-
it needs purifying, enriching or equaled blood purl^ r/ ' SUSIE WAD *,
v •' b \ & MAN. 68 Stanton St. Dorchester, Mass.
cine you Can take for this purpose. "I was In a terribly run down condi-
.' * _._ \u0084 f, ... «,, . ' tion, lost flesh very rapidly and feared
is Hoods Sarsaparilla. lhis x waB golns lnto conßumptlon . F Our
statement, which we make from ™^ f^^^Z^^
our own thorough knowledge of nev€r felt better ln m v llfe " w - "•
» BURTCH, Blnghara, Perm.
pharmaceutical merit of this eminently successful medicine, is. con-
firmed by the voluntary testimony of thousands of people in this
country and abroad. .
Hood's Sarsaparilla Makes Good Blood
and enjoys the same distinction as a preventive as it does as a cure.
Its early use has often proved the wisdom of the adage that r'a
stitch in time saves nine." Buy a bottle today.
Acccot no substitute, but insist on having Hood's.
trolman J. A. Feeney responding. But
Markham fled and had disappeared be
fore his pursuers could get him.
The pair were alone in the place,
Mrs. Krueger's aged husband having:
g-one out" shortly .before the boy put
in an appearance. Young Markham's
attack was doubly unnatural because
for yp;irs the aged couple had cared
for the boy asr they would their own
offspring.
Mrs. Krueger was taken In hand by
sympathetic neighbors after the ex
perience and her injuries were given
home-treatment. The shock to her
system was serious, but, fortunately,
the external injuries were not severe.
The aged woman could not account
for her erran^on's attack. She ' was
in great mental distress.. over his con
duct. She could only urge that he
wanted money, and became insanely
enrag-ed over her refusal to yield.
H. J. Krueger. an uncle of the boy
and one of the managers of the Stan
dard Wall Papr- Company, 736 Mis-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ /THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 190 a
CABINET MUST
KEEP SECRETS
President Orders His Offi
cial Family to Give. Out
No News to the Press
ACCEPTS BOOT'S ADVICE
Mr. Roosevelt to Act as,
| Gensor of \u25a0\u25a0 I Information
Vouchsafed the Public
Special Dispptch to The' Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18. — President
Roosevelt took extreme measures in his
policy of no publicity for the doings of
his administration to-day by sending. to
each '.member of the Cabinet, just before
he left for his Southern trip, a letter for
bidding them, in set terms, to make pub
lic any matter discussed at Cabinet meet
ings or tq discuss with any special corre
spondents any policies, either of the ad
ministration or of their own departments.
The Presleient forbids the Cabinet mem
bers to say anything about any matter
in contemplation until that matter be
comes, the fixed policy of the Govern
ment.
The President's letter" to the Cabinet
members is severe in its tone. It docs
not say that it would be better for Cabi
nft ministers not to talk about policies,
but says Cabinet members "must not."
This latest development in the Presi
dent's policy of secrecy is fostered and
encouraged by Secretary Root. In fact,
Mr. Root is responsible for the letter sent
out to-day. Mr. Root has never liked
newspapers or newspaper correspondents.
Hp has had too many embarrassing ques
tions askid^of.him about, matters with
which he has been connected. ;. The Presi
dent has taken Mr. Roct's advice and has
assumed the 'task of keeping all informa
tion from the public, -except such little
bulletins as may be put out by Secretary
•Loeb. \u25a0• ' ; '
It is assumed that any Cabinet member
who talks to a newspaper correspondent
will De disciplined and if is also likely
that any- correspondent who prints any
thing the President does not like will be
disciplined also. Still .the fact that Cabi
net members told of the circular letter
makes it seem that, perhaps, there, may
be som? ne-ws obtained from Cabinet
members after all.
CITY COUNCI!,MEX OF TUCSON ,
MAKE A SBRIOUS.BLUXDER
Overlook l.nw Panned t>j- Lnst Ijeglsln
ture and May Not tie Able to"
CrH Klrciliju. <c
TUCSON,' Aris., Oct. IS.-Because the
members" of the Council - overlooked a
primrry election law passed by the Legis
lature; this spring, the city can have no
election this falj and the Coundlmen,
whose terms would have expired, will
have to hold over for another year, as
they were elected to serve until their suc
cessors are elected and qualified.
The new primary election law requires
thirty days' notice cf the primaries to be
given. The latter must be held thirty
days before the election, which fails on
December 11. This' -notice was never
jriven and there is now insufficient time
reuisinlng to comply with the law. The
Councilmen discovered their blunder to-^
day, but can find no way to get around
the law. 'i»ie situation is grave, as bond
issues aggregating $175,000 -for water
works were to be submitted to the peo
ple, and a year's work by expert en
gineers may be upset.
The right of a City Council whose mem
bers were not properly elected to perform
any public service is being questioned.
The primary election -law was patterned
after the one in force in California and
had never been before enforced in Ari
zona, as the municipal election in Tucson
is the first to take 'place since its pas
sage. There is a provision in the law pro
viding- for the naming of candidates by
petition, but they cannot belong to any
political party. Thi3 may be resorted to
in the emergency and two independent
tickets placed in the field, when an elec
tion can probably be legally held. \u25a0
To Cure v f <il<3 in One Oa.v
iake LAXAVIVIi UKOMO vjulnine Tablets.
L>ruggists teiund money If It fails to cure.
E. \\. GKOVE'S signature is on each box. 23c. «
slon street, tnrew some light on the
boy's conduct that was not to young
Markham's credit. Krueger said:
"My mother has concealed this oc
currence from me, fearing, I suppose,
the steps I would take. Markham, my
nephew, has lived with the old folks
for several years. He has been a wild
youngster, but *>ns not shown such
vlciousness before. I have had him In
our employ for a long time, but he
was Inclined to waywardness. Twice
he was before Superior Judge Mu
rasky for offenses, but we have always
tried to start him" right again. /*
"I -have not seen Markham since last
Saturday and I know nothing of his
whereabouts now. He had $6 or 57
then. I suppose, he spent the money
and wanted his grandmother to give
him more." ' ,
The police have been ordered to ar
rest the fugitive youth and charge him
with assault with a deadly weapon.
ISABELLA LbW'ci HtiRS SUE
Continued from I'nge 1, Column 5.
in the future against the estate of the
deceased.
HECITE ALLEGED DISCOVERY.
Recently, however, they- allege that
they: discovered that they were taken
advantage of by Lloyd and 1 that Mrs.
Well was not an aunt of the deceased
and," In fact, was not; a relative at all.
As a matter of fact, they assert, they
arid one Jonas Mock, ' all of them being
first cousins of the . deceased on their
mother's side, are Nthe" only living rela
tives of the dead woman. Upon learning
the facts, they say, they went to Lloyd
and demanded that he return to them
their, release of all claims against de
cedent's" estate, offering to restore to
him the money he had given them under
the alleged guise of;a gratuity. Lloyd,
they say, refused to' accept a return of
the money and also refused to return to
them their waivers of claim against de
cedent's estate. " \u25a0 r"- -\u25a0•'\u25a0"-'•". '
In conclusion they ' ask that : the court
decree that Lloyd holds the property in
trust for the claimants;^ that'he/surren
der the deeds for cancellation 1 and that
he be compelled to account for all' rents,
issues and profits that have accrued .to
him from' the estate since the -death of
tne grantor. ' The • plaintiffs ; are > repre
sented by Attorneys Sullivan & Sullivan
arid Charles H. Hanlon.-, -;\u25a0;
To all of the charges in -the complaint
Mr. Lloyd haa. the one % , answer: "It .-is
an attempt ; at blackmail to which I will
not submit." ' r : :*'i • # ;
MaeArthur a Gueit of the Mikado.
TOKIO, ; Oct. 19;-—Thirty-three for
eign military attaches; who .were; with
the i Manchurian'army, were 'received in
farewell" audlen6e7by ( ' the * Emperor ; to
day 'arid were* afterward guests at]; a
luncheon. .; Amerigo them* were*. General
Burriet'of .the British army and Gen
eral MaoArtbur of the American army.
SOUTH WELCOMES
THE PRESIDENT
Richmond Accords Gala Reception
to the Ghief Executive.
Kind Words for Confederate Veterans
RICHMOND, Va., Oct. 18.— Richmond
to-day threw open her gates to Presi
dent Roosevelt, and durlngr, the seven
hours of , his stay; State and city offi
cials accorded him a welcome, hearty
and sincere. The President arrived a
few minutes after noon, and from that
moment until 7. o'clock to-night, when:
he departed for Raleigh, N. C*» over the \
Seaboard Air. line, he was given an
ovation. His entry into the city was
the signal /for a wild demonstration
from the multitude, and the welcom- j
ing enthusiasm onlj- ceased when his
train continued on its journey through
the South.- Mrs. Roosevelt shared In 1
the hdnors, and Mrs. Montague, the
wife. of. -the "Governor, gave a" recep- »
tion at the executive mansion in her!
honor. , i .. !
The President made several ad
dresses, one at the .Capitol square before J
one of the largest crowds ever assem- j
bled in Virginia's capital; another at •
a banquet in Masonic Temple, where j
400 of .the representatives of .the,.. Old j
Dominion were gathered about the
board; again at the Lee monument, •
where he spoke to arlarge number of:
Confederate veterans, and once more
at a gathering of* negroes. j
His speeches paid tnbute to the Con- >
.federate veterans, voiced .appreciation of!
the economic and political progress of the j
South since the Civil War. pointed to his .
ancestry in which Southern and Northern.!
blood are mingled, and to his birth in the j
East and to his life in the West, dtclar- I
ing He believed himself to be a middling i
good American; spoke of the_ preponder
ance of Southern blood in his regiment in ;
Cuba; referred to the aid through advice
that this Government can give the people ,
on the coasts and islands of the (Carib
bean; reiterated the principle of equal jus
tice to all, and in his talk to negroes,
congratulated them on their progress as
a race. * ":-
In the President's party . were: Mrs.
Roosevelt, Secretary • William Loeb Jr.,
Dr. P. M. Rixey, surgeon general of the j
.navy; John A. Mcllhenny of Louisiana, {
a member of the President's regiment of.
Rough Riders; John C. Greenway of |
Michigan, John S. Elliott, Commissioner j
of the Interior for Porto Rico; M. C. j
Latta and John L. McGrew, stenograph- ;
ers: Henry A. Strohmeyer, photographer;
Colonel L. 'L. S. Brown, general agent of 1
the Southern Railway; representatives of j
three press associations, two' Secret Serv
ice officers and a corps of messengers. I
Mrs. Roosevelt and Mr. Elliott will i
leave the party at Atlanta after having!
visited Roswell, the home of the Presl- |
dent's mother, and return to Washington, j
ADDRESS AT CAPITOL.
The President and party called at the
executive mansion in Richmond and paid
their respects and then repaired to the
speaker's stand, which was factd by one
of the greatest multitudes ever assembled
in Richmond. Mayor McCarthy presented
the Governor, who in a brief spetch intro
duced the President, who. spoke, in. .part
as fo.lows: jt? R^n* 1 \u25a0-•
1 trutt I need hardly say how greit !a my
pleasure at sp.akuig In this b stone capital ;
ot' yuur h sioiic State; the St<tie t.-an w lch
no other has contributed a . larger i>ro,o t: n
to the leauersh.p of tne r.atLn: or»n th/
hoiar ro.l vr' t.os* A;« c i an wlr hiis. wh.»:-;
hivatr.o63 ia n.»t oaly lor the a?ft e but lur a.l j
t.me, not on.y for one nat.oa but for al ttß.fj
world, on ih!s honor rcll Virginia's 'iiiDW
.•tands above aiUothers. And li kr.U^ng »i|.i
of you I knotv that no one will .grudge my;
Kay ing a special word of aeknow.edime..t to >
the veterans of the Civil War. A mm v/uu.a j
'.ndfed be but a poor American' who coald ;
without a tnrill witness th i way n wh eh •li >
city af.er city in the North as In th 3 South. !
on every pubiic .occasion t«e men »hj wore
the blue and the m t n wh: wore'th; giay n. -w
march and ttani s.ioulder tj shoulder- gviflj
tangible proof that we are all now In fact,
us well an in name, a reunited jejple. a p^o
p:e infinitely • richer becaus; of the priceless
mcmtneii ,eit to all Am.rcais by you men
who loujiht in the great war.
Great though the meed of prahe is wh eh
is due the South for the- soldierly val.^r he 1
sens displayrd dur'ng the lour y;ara o ' w r,
I think that even gieuer praise .s due tn ;
her for what her people have a^roTinl rh a
in the forty year* bf peace which fdlioweii. |
In foreign affairs we must make up on \u25a0
minds that whether we wish It or not we
are a great 1 c >ple and^must p ay a i r at P' rt
in the world. Our mieslen 'in the world
should be one of peace, but not the nea^e rf j
cravens, the pesce graned con c njjt ously t
these who purchase It by sarte k c liC t^e
rlpht. No. Our voice must le *ffectlv» lot
reoce becauss it is ralfed for r «Mtwj»n'-ai j
first and for peace only as th* hinim'aia -ti ,
of righteous-nf ss. We must bi s rupilous \n \
I r'speeting the rights of thp w ak ;nl 'O.le •>
! careful to make it evtd'.m that w» do iot
act throuch' fear of the strong..
W« mupt.be scrupulous in doing Justice to
oth*r« and scrupulous in exacting Justice for
ourselves. We' must beware equally of that
i elnls>ter and cynical teaching which would per
| ruude ue to disregard ethical -standards In In-
I t<M national relations, and of the no less hurtful
*"olly which would stop the whole work of civ
ilization by a well meant but silly persistency
In trying to apply to peoples unfitted for them
those thporles of government and ot national
action which are only su:tect for the most ad
vanced racea. In particular we must remem
ber that In undertaking to" build the Panama
'canal w* have necessarily undertaken to. police
the e*>as at either end; and this means that we
have a peculiar Interest In the preservation of
order in the coasts and is:ands of. the Carib-
C l"flrmly believe that by a little wise and
generous aid we can help even the most back
ward of the peoples In .meso. coasts and Is'
ands forward along • the path ..of orderly
liberty so that they can stand -alone. It we
decline to giv« thsm turti nelp the^result will
be had both for them and for us," and will in
the en.l in all probability cause ua lo face
humiliation or bloodshed., . : "
SPEECH AT LUNCHEON.
When the' President/ finished speaking
the line was re-formed and the march
taken up to the Masonic Temple, where
an elaborate banquet with covers for 400
persons was spread. At the banoust the
President spoke as follows: ' \u0084:
Mr Mayor. Governor and you. my hosts :
One among the very many great Virginians at
the t:me when this nation was boxn (and I
quote gentlemen, Patrick Henry) said: "We
are no longer New Yorkers or New Englanders,
Pennsylvanlans \u25a0or Virginians : we are Amer
icans." > Surely, Mr, Mayor, the man would be
but a poor American who waa not touched and
stirred to the depths by - the reception that I
have met with to-day In thla great historic
city of America. ' " _' \u25a0„
Coming to-day by the statue of Stonewall
Jackson. In the city of Lee, I felt a privllrge
it In that I as an American have !n claiming
that you yourselves have no more right to kin-
Fhlp in Lee and Jackson; than I have. I, can
claim to be a middling good American because
my p-aewtry was half Southern and half
Northern.: 1 was bornin the: East and 1 have
lived a good while in the West— so long, in
fact. that. l do not admit that. any man can
be a better Westerner. than I am. There waa
an j uncle of mine, : now dead, : my mother a
brother, who haa always been among, all the
men I have ever met the 'man: who It seemed
to me came nearer to typifying Into the flesh
that most beautiful of all characters in fiction—
Thackeray's. Colonel Newcome — my uncle,'
James Dun woody Bulloch, ian admiral In - the
Confederate. navy.: t In' . short, gentlemen, -I
claim- to be neither Northerner or Southerner,
Easterner or "Westerner — nothing -but a good
American pure and simple." .. ',
Next only to al manV having worn ' the blue
comes the fact of the ;man'B having v worn, the
gray as entitling him ito • nonor > In my sight.
Last year I told General -Fltihugh Lee that I
wanted to add to my collection ; of autograph
letters of great Americans— Lincoln, -i Grant.
Clay. Jefferson (turning to the Governor), ! your
namesake, and ! Andrew ; Jacxson.' that of Gen
eral Lee with : hia ; photograph. I got rrom
General Pitzhugh Lee a letter, of General I Le*
and :a , photograph '; of \u25a0 him « was ' handed ' me . af
ter . General . Fltzhugh • Lee' a ' death." I waa not
able -to i thank rmy old - and .'valued 1 friend, : the
father/but I put; the son on my staff and now
have > the -' grandson of \u25a0 General ; Grant ; and *. the
grand nephew jof I General | Lee and • the eon ; of
Phil Sheridan ,on , my t staff/ I \u25a0 think : It , is f a
middling 'good 'staff,, too. \u25a0\. ; . •'.'.;
In imy f regiment, - organized at the beginn ing
of \u25a0• the Spanish-American ? war, 'I _ thlnkv; that
there were " more men whose fa there <\u25a0 wore , th«
gray than there .were men • who#e ' fathers wore
the blue. '"-.\u25a0 The r only, rivalry : that '\u25a0 ever : entered
their heads waa rivalry aa to which man could
\u25a0how himself best entitled to the praise of
having; done all that In him lay for our coun
tiy and for our flag. !
,1 noticed that the statue of Stonewall Jack
son had been raited as a-glft. by certain Eng
lishmen. The best biography of General Jack
son was b£ an Englishman," Colonel Hender
son. It is a curious and rather lamentable
fact that he died Just a*^ he, was about to un
dertako another biography which 1 had «arnest
ly.asked him to undertake. 1 had" written him
that he should' finish his very remarkable mili
tary study of £tonewall ' Jackson by writing a
military biography of General Lee. and he had
written me back that he intended to do so.
Shortly afterward I", learned of his death.
Gentlemen. . I. cannot sufficiently express to
you my deep appreciation ot the way in which
you have gren^d :me. to-diy- You cannot be
nearly aa g a ad to see- me. a* I am to acs you.
Let me say once*. more'what I said in my
more formal' address. Think \u25a0 of tfc« good
fortune that- 1* .oun, as a people. ;ia .having,
each of us, ' whether we Mn our own pcrjvn*
or through our ancestors wore th* blue o.- tie
gray, the proud .right to cha;l»nge Kg oiit
ow " all of. the va'cr. ail of. (hi a.lf-devo 1 >r.
all of the steadfast, adherence to r.ght aa
Gcd gave to each man t> f«.» the r ghU rbiwu :
alike by the men- who wore "the blue and by
the men who wore the »?ray in the areat con
test that wa? waged from '61 to '65.
TALKS TO THE VETERANS.
After the: President had finished the
party was posed for a • flashlight photo
graph, and were then driven to the L*e
monument, where the Confederate vet
erans from R. Ei L*e Camp. Soldiers'
Home, were gathered to greet the Presi
dent. Irt his address to the old Boldlera
the President touched 'on the \ valor of
the South in the following words:
Here I greet you In the shadow of the
•tatue of your mighty commanderr-General.
Kobert 8. . Lee. You and he left us mtmori**,
which, inasmuch as they are part of the mem
ories bequeathed to the entire, country. by all
the Americans who fought in the Civil War.
are to serve forevermore as spurs and Incen
tives to the generations coming after, to teach
us and qur descendants that, alike In peace
and In war, whenever the times that try men'a
souls may come we are to rise level to the
opportunity as you rose- level to your opportu
nity, am: be rtady to, prove, as you proved.;
our willingness to prove our worth by our
endeavor.' '.'-'_
The President was listened to with
great interest and wa3 heartily cheered
by ths gray-clad veterans..
At one point in the line of march to
day the President ' shook hands \ with
Giles O. Jackson, president of the Devel
opment ; and Jamestown Exposition Com
pany, and addressed a gathering of ne
groes. .. :
During Mr. Roosevelt's progress
throughout, the city, he showed, special
interest in the school children lined up
to greet him, the whites on one side of
Broad street,'., the/blacks on the other.
He was much amused at another point by
the appearance of a huge stuffed bear,
over which was .the sign: ; "Mr. Presi
dent, have a shot;, the only One In Rich
mond." He laughed heartily at this.
\u25a0 »i \u25a0 . .
FRBAZII2B FJN'AXCIEU FOUND
GUILTY OX 3IA3TY COUXTS
Stanley FranclM Convicted of Having
Used the Federal MalU to
• Defrhud.- :
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. IS.— Stanley
Francis, who ha^ been on trial in the
United States District Court since Oc
itober 9, charged with having used the
mails to defraud in connection with the
defunct Storey " Cotton , Company, was
to-day found guilty : -6n 'every count: In
the indictment. ' .
Francis, who was known under sev
eral aliases, 'was, charged by the Gov
ernment' with having been a principal
in .the Storey Cotton Cumpany which,
when closed by the postal authorities,
owed $2,9^,578 to customers
throughout tho country.
Synod Hulda Cpeulus Senslon.
RfiDLANDS, Oct. 18. — The Synod of
California of the Presbyterian church
opened its sessions hwre this evening.
Two hundred delegates are here. The
presbyteries of Bcnicia and Sacramento
held, meetings 'this morning. The Wo
men's Sy nodical Society, also the Wo
men's Occidental Board of Foreign
Missions, held meetings this afternoon.
The opening sermon to-night was de
livered by Dr. Baker of -Oakland. On
Thursday the synod will organize and
hear, reports..
Will Cut the Running Time.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18.— In conjunc
tion with the Union Pacific and the
Northwestern, the Salt Lake road is
about to inaugurate a through solid
Pullman train service from Los Ange
les to Chicago and a new time schedule
cutting the running -time between the
two cities to seventy hours.
Toko \VorsbiUN m Temple of Inc.
TOKIO, Oct. 18.— A report from Ya
mada says that Vice Admiral Togo, ac;
c6mpanied by the admirals and cap
tains of his fleet, his staff and 2000
armed marines and 1000 unarmed, pro
ceeded to the great temple at Ise to
day, where they worshiped.
Snbln* Leaved All to Faintly.
The will of John I. Sabin, late presi
dent of the Pacific States Telephone
Company, was filed for. probate yester
day. The executors named therein are
Louis Glass. Gaston E. Bacon and
Emlle Z. Zlmmer. The decedent leaves
one-half of his estate, the total "value
of whlch ; Is estimated at $1,000,000, to
his widow, Laura L. Sabln, and the
other half, in equal shares to his chil
dren, -Grace A. Payne, Pearl Ladd
BJornstad and Irene Sabih.
. _ ... .. • . . - . \u25a0 .\u25a0
In- the. Divorce Court.
\u25a0 Decrees of: divorce were granted to
Margaret from Corbln F. Swiggett for
failure 'to provide; Leonora L. from Jose
M. Martinez for cruelty, failure to pro
videand desertion, and Camille V." from
Joseph \u25a0 \u25a0 Brownstone for desertion.
Suits for divorce \were filed- by Guada
lupe against Bert E. Rogers for cruel
ty. Lucy: against' Charles W. Walbank
for cruelty, and Ernest L. against Hat
tie J. Schuchardt for infidelity.
Finds Xo TetnnuM Culturek.
Dr. H. A. X: Ryfkogel, who was ap
pointed L to examine the^vacclne points
used in the vaccination 'of Arthur Noel
Gwynn; the boy ' who died, from te
tanus some : weeks , ago* •. reported to
the Coronir; yesterday that he had been
unable to flndany trace of tetanus cul
tures.' Doubt Is now expressed; as to
whether, the . boy's vaccination had
anything: \u25a0 -'to . do with : hi3 death.
Its least virtue is that[
it lasts so.
• ' Soap is for comfort and
cleanliness. '
~ Pears' spap cleanlin ess— i
perfect cleanliness ahcii
comfort.
Sold all over the world. r
"AS ANY COLD MA V LEAD TO CATARRH— PE-RU-N A •
SHOULD BE KEPT IN EVERY HOMEr—Dr S. B. Hartman.
DURING fall weather, open street t Another Important Item in this con-
Starting 1 out in. the middle of the day. I cox «r^ G iox. people are crowded
when it is quite warm, one often finds I L * together like sar-
hlmself getting chilly at the close of dine* In a box. They touch, each other
the day and unprovided with a wrap to and an Intimate contact Is brought
protect hfaiMrf. against th, draughts In about
the car. quent means of spreading disease.
. A slight cold is the result. .This is Tn9 onJy safety that can he availed
the" most dangerous kind of all colds. O f i 3i 3 the keeping of the body In excel-
ii _ — _^_ The system Is natur- lent condition. So long asi the mucous
\pn PfT ally depressed by the membranes are . free \u25a0 — —™—
M^OLECT > leather and from catarrh 8O long mMOT
niviriimw tt M nnnt qh»irA off there is- little -or no I MLCOI >
PA^EROU*. The coTd 'L'Syas Jaeger of catching | KKMBnAMSS.
as in the winter, time. -It Is always It ,s, s tnrou?: h the tiucqus membranes
extremely risky -.for \u25a0, any one to tnat t he disease gei^ns and poisonous
neglect prompt treatment of an autumn materials find their »Jitrance Into the
very useful means of locomotion. An occaS ional dose of it for,-, those
Everybody must patronize them at least. wno are well, and a thorough course of i
occasionally and the majority of people Peruna for those who are affljct?i>witu «
find it convenient to do so daily. catarrh, brings comparative safely i?jy
Dr. Hartman gives It, as his opinion these cases. ' . - »^. \. W
that no othtr convenience of modern v/L am - Fammn /c t/tkttn catarrh
civilization is Indlrectely responsible Where teruna IS TOKen, caiarrn
for so many cases of. chronic catarrh JO3SJ 03S no t exist \u25a0 / {
a Vhii oo rr i e nion Q ought to interest those Where catarrh does not exist, con-
who depend upon the street car for { QUS seases do not invc c.
; transportation. \u25a0 . .- ; » . ' v
LIQUOR BRINGS
WOE TO A SEER
SAN* LUIS OBISPO. Oct 18.— "Samuel
Dupree is my name an* I'm not ashamed
of it, even If I do get full once in a while.
There's worse faults than getting full,"
was the only excuse offered by Samuel
Dupree for escaping from jail.
Dupree arrived here on Sunday and
went the rounds oi .he saloons, claiming
to be a fortune teller from France. He
proffered to divulge the secrets of the
past and predict the future for a glass of
pure tye. The cheap price appealed to
many saloon-keepers and the frequent li
bations i-ad the usual effect. Dupree be
came a nuisance and he waa thrown out
of several saloons.
With a determination to reform he en
tered an Evangelists tent where services
'were being held. For a moment he was
visibly impressed r.nd the tears rolled
down his cheeks. Then an appeal by
Evangelist Matthews touched his heart to
such an extent that Dupree wanted to
conduct the meeting. He endeavored to
lead in the service, the police were sent
for and the repentant man was locked
up on a charge of disturbing the peace.
The next day he was sentenced to ten
days and waa put .o work cleaning up
the city jail yar-3. He escaped, but was
recaptured. He then explained that he
was. not French, but an Egyptian and
could not resist the temptation to roam
like his ancestors. He again escaped and
the second time managed to get out of
the city, ue was arrested in Arroyo
THE WHOLESOME
Best of the Hi^h Grade Powders,
15 cents half pound can.
at San 5r Jiirtarn. " \u25a0/"
CAL.L. BUILDING S ' CAPITAL. *300,000
ZOETH S. ELDREDGE '. President
•Walter j. bartnett < vice m. j. hynes ralph s. heaton
ALLEN GRIFFITHS 5 Presidents Cashier Assistant Cashier
DIRECTORS:
CHAS. WEBB HOWARD — Preat. Spring JOHN" LLOYt> — Ex-Pre3t. German Savlnps
Valley Water Works ' and Loan Society
ARTHUR HOLLAND-Preat. rnlted Rail- J^MES H SWIFT-Prest. CftlumWaa
roods of San Francisco oBo B » n k JL li f T^. om S i ? 3r V
E. F. HUTTON— E. F. Hutton & Co., thari f^tT^t Af^T"R«-nt UniversltT
• Cankers and Brokers. New York and San of^nroTMa SUACK ~ Res " nt - LniversitT
r,.^^ o . l^ „'„„-„ „ ALLEN GRIFFITHS. Vlce-Prest— Capl-
WILLIAM P. PLUMMER — Manager Drex- tattst
ler Estate ZOETH S. ELDREDGE, Preat.— Late
WALTER J. BARTNETT. Vlct-Prest. — Bank Commlseloner and National Bank
Vlcfe-Prest. and Gen. Counsel Western Examiner for Pacific States and Terri-
Pacific R.R. | . tories.
Safe Deposit .Vaults en Gronnd Floor.
. Solicit* the neoouut* of BnuUn uad liankerx. Mercantile Ftmxs. Cor-
puratlonM and Individnaln in the City anil out ot Town, and ia prepared to.
fnrniMh all Much depositors business facilities ia keeplnss with -their lml-
ancea nml Cnanelnl standing. : , . - . \u25a0
|§is Electric-lighted, luxurious through train leavfcagSan
H Francisco, for Chicago at 11.00 a. m. every da^i«p"thc
W§M year. L,ess than three days en route. yi
Splendid new equipment of Pullman standaijQjr'awing-
room and private compartment sleepingrQaT^Drawing-
room and compartment en suite if ckswr^Wr Composite
W&m buffet-smoking, library and obser^S^
mg#*[ direct route to Chkago^d o^#\\ only aaublt- sM^ij£| &r
S Vftt BfoiJnlJoiaTj&Kiets, maps, tim« schedules, sleeping
'car re»rv«tiU«JticKets. etc., on application. H^E^rHftSi
p^3 G«b'l lAt PiSSj Coast, C. 1 5.-V. Sj. Cta'l lg«t Pus'r Dope U.V R.&. *
quH 617 (prkit Strut, Pil»j* I«U^ . Ho. t Montgoaerj StrMt,
olitb SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
LIVELY BATTLE
WITH SMUGGLERS
SAN DIEGO, Oct. IS.— Reports from
Ensenada brought by passengers on
the St. -Denis, arriving here to-day, is
to the effect that the capture of the
local schooner Juanita by the Mexican
customs officials was the occasion of
quite a respectable naval battle.'
Five officials left Ensenada late Sat
urday afternoon in an open rowboat.
rowing- the eighteen miles to Santo To
maso beach, near which the alleged
smuggler had been seen the day before
while the captured Elsie was beins
brought into port. The Mexicans
reached the vicinity of their quarry
shortly before midnight.
The aproach of the small boat waa
noted by the Juanita's men while she
was still some rods away, and they,
after shouting to the officers to keep
away, fired a volley from rifle 3. Wo
harm -was done, though the shots
whizzed close by the rowboat. Tho
revenue men then shot back directly
into the schooner, following with a sec
ond volley. .
The Juanita showed the *ffecf ° rtno «
battle .in several bullet holes through
her cabin, masts and alongsldea.
' The situation of the captured men.
Captain Osterhause, Ben Journeay and
Frank Fulner, is regarded as serious,
as there have been previous charges
against one of them in Mexico.
Grande last night and brought here to the
County J-.H.BANQUET CONCLUDES
ADVERTISING SESSION
Frominent Delegates Speak Briefly at Big Dinner Held in the
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York.
SOME OF THi: MEN WHO TOOK A PROMINENT PART IN THE SESSIONS OF THE INTERNATIONAL ADVERTISING AS
SOCIATION. WHICH CAME TO A CLOSE WITH AN ELABORATE BANQUET AT THE WALDORF ASTORIA HOTEL
IN NEW YORK LAST NIGHT.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
tfTOV YORK. Oct. IS.— An elaborate
banquet in tae Astor Gallery of the Wal
dorf-Astoria formally closed to-night
the session of the International Adver
tising Association, which has been in
convention here for the last two days,
with delegates present from all parts of
the United States. The convention was
the most noteworthy of its kind ever held.
The great manufacturers, the leading ed
itors and advertising experts exchanged
ideas as to the most advantageous meth
ods of gaining the public ear with results
that promise a new impetus for the art of
advertising.
At the dinner to-night 135 members and
guests were seated at eighteen tables
decorated with American Beauty roses
and cosmos. A large silken American
f.ag hung over the speakers' table, at
which were seated such distinguished or
ators as Charles Emery Smith, editor of
the Philadelphia Press and former
United States Postmaster General: John
McXaught, manager of the San Francisco
Call, and Samuel L. Powers, formerly a
member of Congress from Massachusetts,
row a leading; lawyer of Boston. J.
Hedges of New York acted as toastmas
ter. Charles Emery Smith said:
"Shall I be misunderstood if I say that
the best advertiser in all the world is
Theodore Roosevelt? He Is the be&t ad
vertiser, not because he tries to adver
tise, but because he has the best thing
«nd is doing the best thing. He Is the
best big boy at play, whether It be at
hunting bear or In playing at tennis.
He is the best big man at work, what
ever the work may be. He is the best
statesman, because he grasps the larg
est and the broadest and the wisest pol
icies to build up our country and to put
It on a sound and solid basis.
"He Is the best politician, because he
knows best how to seize the public
thought; how to represent the public
thought, and how to carry the people
with him In the great work that he is to
do; the best politician in all the land.
He is the best diplomat because he seized
the right moment, the psychological mo
ment, and brought the warring powers
of the world together at his feet."
JOHN McXAUGHT SPEAKS.
The toastmaster next introduced John
MoNaught. and incidentally remarked
that he came all the way from San Fran
cisco.
"I don't know whether he came here
to get rid of San Francisco," said the
toastmaster, "or whether he came for
come good and wholesome purpose. I
understand confidentially that, outside of
running a good newspaper, he Is the real
thing as an orator. Mr. McNaught trav
eled miles to address you, as far as he
could without falling off this edge of the
continent, and he must have something
good to say." 4
John McNaught said In part:
"Of the great city and the greater
land of which I am here as a represen
tative, I will say but little, for fear if
I speak r-uch of the truth, c\ f en in the
soberest moderation, the words would be
so glowing you would suspect me of being
unaccustomed to the use of wine at din
ner, and that would be a gross injustice
to a Californian. With us romance walks
so close to reality it is difficult to dis
tinguish history from a story, description
from a rhapsody; commerce itself ex
cites visions of Oriental imag
ery and our merchants are almost com
pelled to use the language of poesy when
ever they speak of sending their cargoes
through a golden gate to find a market
among the pearl i lands of the purple
East.
"It suffices to remind you that the
commercial forces. of the world as well
as those of world politics are now . cen
tering In the Pacific, and that upon 'that
greatest of oceans, - he chief city, pres
ent and potential. Is San Francisco. In
that city, therefore, your International
association should hold a convention. I
have no credentials . on that score from
Board of lrade or Chamber of Commerce,
or a.ny organization whatever, but such is
the hospitality of toe land, I have no
hesitation, in assuring" you that if you
come you will find there as cordial a
welcome as you have given to me here."
Congressman Samuel L. Powers of Bos
ton said In part: "Our advertisers : have
made the people of our country more
wise; have lifted humanity and made the
country nearer what it should be; it Is a
country worth fighting- for; it is a coun
try worth dying for, because in this coun
try freedom £>t thought is protected by
the Stars and Stripes."
Powers then seized his opportunity to
ring in a free advertisement for Boston,
as Smith and McNaught had done for
Philadelphia and San Francisco.
NATURE OF ASSOCIATION..
The speeches were both witty and
eloquent. Smith's complimentary ref
trences to President Roosevelt were
received with great applause, as was
MeXaught's eloquent and glowing
tribute to California, her climate, her
products, the soil, and last, but not
least, the beauty of California's
women. This was loudly cheered by
the banqueters. It was almost mid
night when the diners arose, after
unanimous agreement that the con
vention had been a success.
The International Advertising Asso
ciation was organized in October,
1904. It has a membership of 171, in
cluding manufacturers, merchants, pub
lishers and advertising agents and so
licitors, embracing creators, users and
venders of advertising space.
J. W. Cassldy of Qulncy, 111., is pres
ident; Delavan Smith of Indianapolis,
Barney Link of Brooklyn and John
Lee Mahin of Chicago, vice presidents;
Winslow Mallory of New York, treas
urer; Thomas Balmer of New York,
secretary; and Clarence B. Hurrey,
manager. : : *< A '
The purpose of the organization is
stated to be to bring together in one
membership all those individuals,
firms or corporations who are inter
ested, either ,as creators, venders or
users of advertising space; to the end
that by co-operation the mutual in
terest of all such may be fostered and
protected; to enlist such membership
in the endeavor to reform abuses; to
prevent waste: to reduce oppressive
burdenp; to collect, classify and di
gest information valuable In relation
to the advertising business. It has
members in all of the Important
cities and towns in the United States,
and several In Great Britain and Can
ada and Cuba.
SARAH BERNHARDT
OFFENDS CUBANS
Alleged to Have Classified
Islanders as "Negroes
• in Dress Clothes."
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
NEW YORK, Oct, 18.— "Cubans are ne
groes who wear dress clothes."
This statement, alleged to have been
made by Sarah Bernhardt, is likely to
prevent the sreat tragedienne from ap
pearing in Havana after her November
American tour, although arrangements
have been made and bills bearing -her
name in large letters have been placard
ed throughout Cuba. On her last tour
of the island her engagement was highly
successful, and when Shubert Bros, and
W. F. Conner of this city arranged: for
her tour here she was exceedingly
anxious to return to Havana. In Septem
ber a letter • was sent to Manager Gu
tierrez of the Tacon Theater, Havana,
who for some time made.no reply.. But
a letter ': was received from G. Lawton
Childs, an American banker in Havana,
by :J. J« \u25a0 Farnsworth of New York, in
which Childs Quoted what the divine
Sarah had said and told about the feeling
against her. Before the paper was dry,
he said, most of it had been stripped from
the billboards. • , ..
On receipt of this information Conner
became convinced Jthat real antagonism
existed In Cuba and to-day he cabled to
Rime. Bernhardt,: asking her to;deny the
interview If the phrase credited to her
was untrue. . ;
SAN JOSE, Oct. 18. — Four companies of th*
Twenty-fourth Coast Artillery, U. S. A., passed
through this city, this -moraine on their way to
San Francisco. .-, The- eoiaiers have 1 been at
Camp Atascadero, near San j Luis Obtspo, since
iugut-t 15, engaged in Urgct practice aDd va
rious maneuver*. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, .THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1905:
MY ABANDON
HER CONTEST
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 18. — The state
meat was made to-day that the attor
neys for Edna Wallace Hopper, in the
famous Dunsmuir will suit, have made
overtures to the legal representative
of James Dunsmuir. the defendant In
the action, looking to a settlement of
the affairs without any further court
proceedings. In view of the recent de
cision of the Supreme Court of Cali
fornia declaring null and void tjhe or
ders of Superior Judge Coffey, it is felt
that the plaintiffs have no chances of
an ultimate victory and are now will
ing to \u25a0 stay "all further proceedings If
James Dunsmuir will pay all • costs
which have been incurred by the plain
tiffs thus far.
Prominent lawyers her"c say negotia
tions looking .to a settlement in this
way have been going on for the past
week and. that the end of the famous
•trial may be announced any day.
WILL APPLY FOR REHEARING.
Jmlffc Cottey Grant* Delay at Request
of Coniinel for Actreon.
The writ of prohibition issued by
the Supreme Court directing Judge
Coffey to set aside his order revoking
the admission to probate of the ; will
of the late Alexander Dunsmuir and
directing him to set aside the order
appointing Public Administrator Hynes
special administrator of the; estate and
to dismiss all proceedings under the
order, Is in the hands of Judge Coffey.
In accordance with the mandate of the
writ. Judge Coffey signed the order
dismissing the proceedings, but , the or
der, will not become operative until
this morning. •-
The stay was granted at the request
of counsel representing the firm of
Campbell, ' Metson & Campbell,- who
represent Edna Wallace Hopper, who
is litigating in an endeavor to secure
a portion of the estate of the deceasedt
who was her stepfather. Counsel an
nounced that attorneys In Los Angeles
had been Instructed to petition the
Supreme/ Court, now . sitting In that
city, to (Set aside the wrLt of prohibi
tion until such time as a petition for
a rehearing could be prepared and-pre
sented. .'
No Proceedings in I,o* Angeles.
' LOS ANGELES. Oct. j 18. — Justice
Shaw of the Supreme Court said to
night that nb proceedings were held
in the Supreme Court to-day with ref
erence to. the Dunsmuir 'will case and
that the status of the litigation is such
that no action can be >taken for thirty
days.
CHINESE REGULARS -READ V
FOR FIRST FIELD .-MANEUVERS
TIENTSIN, Oct. 19.— Viceroy Yuan
Shi Kai and staff started" yesterday
morning for . the army -maneuvers,"
which are to be, held 'in the neighbor
hood of Paotlngf v, from October -23 to
October; 26 - The foreign Jattafches, rep
resentatives of all the powers and press
correspondents -left this" morning. - .-'
These. manevuerswil be the flrstTof
the kind ever held : in' China/ They will
be conducted on" modern": lines and up
ward of 40.000 men of all arms;wlHVbe
in line. \ .
Suspect : Is Under Arrest.'
SALINAS, Oct. ; JB.— Constable i^TS mart
this morning arrested a man givlng,the
name of.'. Dleff endeck;\.who 3is < probably
wanted In San' Francisco.*." The; suspect
\u25a0was : trying:to sell : a!pair.of,hewibinoc
ulars valued. at about i?so^ for', $4.".:; He
said he had i bought j the - glasses in a
Clay-street store, in SanFranclsco. "
TELEPHONE
BOY'S NAME
ON VOUCHER
Eighteen-Ye^-Old Lad De
nies That: : lie Eecei yed
• Money From the Mutual
Life Insurance Company
CASE IS PASSED UP
TO ATTORNEY; JEEOME
Young-ster Says' He Had No
'Dealings -With the Corpora
tion and Repudiates./ the
Signature as a Forgery
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— The District At
torney's ' oliile was called upon: to-day
by the legislative insurance Investigating
committee because of the testimony' of
one witness, and the/requirement of an an
swer tor porjuiy is now being considered
by Assistant District Attorney Hand. The
witness in question ia George B. ir*lunkeit.
an 18-year-oM telepnone operator in the
employment of 1?.1 W. Lawrence, from
whom the' Mutual Life,; lnsurance Com
pany Durchased a greatTdeal of its sup
plies of stationery.
It was brought out In yesterday's tes
timony that among the, vouchers for
money charged lor expenses was one for
*yi, feigned ay- George U. Plunkett. His
identity was not disclosed ' until to-day,
when Plunkett was called to the' stand.
He testified as to his employment and
when shown the voucher denied that he
had ever signed it. He further denied
that he had ever received that amount
of money from the Mutual Life Insur
ance Company or that he had rendered
the company any service.
-Hughes asked Plunkett to, write his
name in ink on a piece of paper, which
he did. This and the voucher <were; then
offered In evidence and the similarity of
the signatures was called to t™ attention
of the committee.
JEKOME SEXDS HIS DEPUTY; •
Shortly alter this incident the sergearit
at-arms was sent to communicate with
the District Attorney's office, and soon
Mr. 'Rand appeared. He was escorted to
a scat beside Chairman Armstrong, and
for a time critically examined signa
tures. All that Kand would say was
that he had betn summoned by Chairman
Armstrong and the matter was now, out
of the hands of the committee and "was
up to the District Attorney's office."
Another feature of the day's hearing
was the passage at arms' netween Chair
man Armstrong, Counsel Hughes and
James M. Beck, counsel for President
McCurdy. Beck accused' Hughes of mis
leading the public 'by 'not -following \u25a0 out
his line of interrogation to the end, and
asserted that he dropped -a -subject be
fore the witness was 'allowed -to 'explain.
Chairman Armstrong then said that the
work of the committee must not be ob
structed.The committee, he said.' want
ed all the Information" it could get that
would be . helpfulj and .the witness j had
placed himself In the position in which
he found himself by his continual eva
sive answers. \u25a0\u25a0
HOUSE KEPT FOll LEGISLATORS.
William A. Carpenter, a clerk in the
supply department of the Mutual Life
Insurance Company, made an excellent^
witness for the committee. His frank
manner and apparent desire to give what
ever, information he could was commented
upon.
Carpenter was under the direction" of
A. C. Fields, the superintendent of this
department, and was. very close- to Fields
in his "legislative supervision" at Albany.
Carpenter told _ of how a house had been
maintained in Albany for several years
at the expense of the Mutual Life. Fields
occupied it only during legislative ses
sions, and on several occasions two mem
bers of the insurance committee of the
Legislature lived -at the house. Carpen
ter leased the house and paid for the:
servants and supplies with, money -of ..'the
Mutual Life. He did not know whether
these members of-the Insurance commit
tee ever shared in the expense; he never
received any money from them, but lie
said they might have paid Fields. No
account was kept of tnese expenditures,
and the money was all received on vouch
ers calling for disbursements for- legal
expenses. A house has been maintained
for a period of. about ten years in Albany
under these conditions, but not always in
the some street.
aicCUHD V PROFESSES IGXORAXCE.
Later in the day,' President McCurdy
was recalled. He said he did not know
that the Mutual Life's funds had been
maintaining this house, although he did
know that- Fields had rented a house to
escape the risk of illness In hotels. He was
assured that | Fields paid $800 rent, j Car
penter said the entire expense of run
ning the house had been about $6500.
An attempt was made by Hughes to
day to get trace of Thomas D. Jordan, for
mer controller of the Equltabje Life So
ciety. Frank, B. Jordan was called under
a subpena and he said he saw his father
last Labor : day. 1 a He • did . not know then
that he was going away, and did not
know where he was now. Under per
sistent questioning/ by Hughes, young
Jordan said no > mail was forwarded to
his' father, and that he did. not know
whether his father or his mother -were
living or dead.-, ' ..•<", :;;\u25a0;•
: Edgar W. Rogers, a clerk for L. W.
Lawrence & Co., was called and was
represented by John D. Stanchiield. Rog
ers Is also president of the Globe Print-
Ing Company.. He was shown the Plun
kett and said he was of the
opinion that the signature on the voucher
and that, written by Plunkett on the stand
were identical. He did not . recognize
either of them definitely as the signature
of; Plunkett.
CANNOT ACCOUNT FOR VOUCHER.
;A voucher"" drawn in ;• December, ; 1902,
for $1,667 50; and signed by: Rogers was
charged to legal services ; of, the Mutual
Life, but Rogers could | not remember the
circumstances y; of the transaction. He
acknowledged' that; It bore his signature
and he. -must have received the ; money, 1
tut for what it ' ; was disbursed ; he could
not- remember. The checks- for ; which
both ';, Plunketfs .? and < Rogers', vouchers
were signed were ordered to bo ..produced
and they .will [be] presented [at- a later ses
sion \u25a0- of . the % committee. .\ \ - *« \ . =. '~>-k
y. Toward the I close of ;* the • day 's'-'sesslori
McCurdy was" being Interrogated ;on . the
trust companies "with, which; the; Mutual
Life Insurance 'Company 'ls "connected and
the\ subsidiary-' companies \ of the 'Mutual
, Life,; and was still 'on the stand when ad
| jouinment' was takeniv ; - . " ;
Collins' Bills Still i Unpaid.
-•^VICTORIA; B;~C.| Oct;, 18— D::G.UIc-
Nau&hton,*/whoj- was ; hired ?to \ guard ; G.*
Djf Collins, \ithe: San Francisco 'lawyer
ordered : extradited for , perjury, ; having
.failed no V secure \u25a0payment:-. of $150 due
him' from Collins, is* seeking; to collect
- thof same front: Frank '.Higgi ns,*; counsel
' f or : • Call for n la, *i b v t"» iw Ithou t '^"success.'
Higgins* has, referred i hlrri^ back -to] Col
lins.';Judgment! was ; given ] against* Col
lins j for $14^60^ tq;day ; in ; favor" of I; the
Poodle; Dog restaurant. ;:'v\^
OLD STUDENTS MEET
AT ST. IGNATIUS.
TV • i. AT J TTT TVvf 1 *
Prominent Men and Women Mingle in
the Lofty .College Halls. ';"\u25a0
h. - \u25a0 • ; _^
PROMINENT GUESTS WHO .AT
fe-TBNnKD THE RKfEPTION AT '
ST. IGNATIUS COLLEGE. .:"v
The social climax of the Jubilee week
of St. Ignatius College was the reception
given last night in the classic old halls,
in ,-honor of the alumni, the faculty and
the hosts of friends that are guests be
neath the hospitable Jesuit roof. And
hundreds of stunning women, smartly
gowned, distinguished the function as
one »!': of ...the important affairs of the
winter.' ! .
The halls of the college were effectively
decorated with palms and blossoms; buf
fet refreshments were served, and an-or
chestra, under direction of Louis yon der
Mehden Jr., discoursed beautiful compo
sitions, such .as Weber's "Frelschutz," Ed
ward Strauss' waltz, "Student Life," and
"Sample ' Aveau" (Thome), as well as a
rattling march, "Rattletrap." by Yon der
Mehden, and a finale by Allen.
Among the older of the past students
who were seen chatting together, recall-
Ing boyhood reminiscrnses, were: Father
Joseph W. : Rlordan," S. J. ; Father Pat
rick G. Butler, S. J.; Father Joseph Lan
dry. S. J.;' Father D.J. Mahoney, S. J.;
Father Henry Whittle, S. J.; Judge Jere
miah F. Sullivan, Albert ? J. Le: Breton,
Edward >J.Le Breton, E. P. Luby. J. J.
Fllnn. A. J. Rankin, Edward T. O'Day,
Florence McAullffe, Dr. A. J. Hughes,
Frank Harrold. Edward S. Foley, W. W.
Williams. 1 J. J. Montgomery, Albert M.
Whittle and Dr. A. H. Gianninl. \
In all the quarter century of the college
life never was there a scene so gay in
the scholastic halls as last night, and
never'scene more fair. •
The reception was a fit climax to a
very charming day, j for the Alumni As
sociation had been hosts to the Jesuit
fathers; and to the visiting members of
the order, during the afternoon, when
they had been taken about the bay on
the steamer Mcntlcello, visiting Mare
Island among. the other points of Inter
est. Here Admiral McCalla extended
marked courtesies to the visitors, which
were appreciated for their educational as
well as social value.
In the evening the Hon. .W. Bourke
Cockran was the guest. of the fathers at
dinner, at the community residence, ad
joining the church.
This evening the Alumni Association
will give a\ banquet at the St. Francis,
'where Mr! Cockran will be a guest of
honor. / . ..
BEQUEST TO SCIENCE
SAVES WOMAN'SMFE
Knowledge -Gained in Dis
; sectinS Drl Catt ? s,Body \u25a0
Is Utilized.
Sie.?:a! Dispatch to The Call.
NEW- YORK,' Oct. 18.— Using* the knowl
ege.galned: through the dissection of the
body of Dr.j George W. Catt, : who .willed
It to science, Dr; Ward .A^ Headen to
day'removed the .diseased; portion of the
pancreasof a-. young: woman patient: and
probably saved -her.; life,' "or at least "gave
her i a'i' good "chance \ to - live many,* more
years than ..would:: have . been her portion
had : the Catt , beci vest not been . made.
• The' patient,' who fell ill .while at mass
iti Sti \u25a0 Patrick's Cathedral."; and -who was
thought ;tol be suffering frohv appendicitis
until 1 an' operation -^'disclosed ; the} real
cause, is in Dr. sanitarium. -and
is said \u25a0 to : be ' in such a condition that* her
recovery J is : considered "certain.
" If ' the "operation! Is i so "successful from
the ! standpoint: of . the' patient' it will hay«
been C one £ of ;? the 4 speediest,' benefits i that
the medical \u25a0 profession 'ever .-had , from : n,
bequest ; ? stmlllar .; to '\u25a0.-* that of Dr.- ; Catt.
which -was carried^into . effect only a
week agq.'i lt ;ls .likely ? that the : surgeons,
in ?of the ; service to [ the • pro
fession, will thereafter 'call' it the '.'Catt"
DIES LEAVING
LARGE FORTUNE
BELLINGHAM, Wash., Oct. IS.-Ex
aminatlon of the effects of William Wil
son, a stone-cutter and . marble worker,
who died here to-day in destitute cir
cumstances, disclosed the fact that $300,
000 In cash, left from the estate of a
brother, J. R."* Wilson, who recently died
in Peru and on deposit m New York, was
awaiting his claimr The brother's will
further bequeathed a, % third interest in
steamships and other property, making
the total value of the inheritance near
$900,000. In addition, $60,000 cash from the
estate of another brother, R. A. Wilson,
late editor of the Belfast Morning News,
and . a prominent writer of Ireland, was
awaiting the appearance of William Wil
son In New York.
Until he became ill Wilson had been
employed for . some time In a marble
works here. His employer sent him to
the hospital and had him cared for dur
ing the sickness. Some time ago Wil
son told his employer that he had a mil
lionaire sister in New York and a son
who is a prominent lawyer of that city.
He steadfastly refused, however, to give
their names, saying he had been a scape
goat of the family and did not want them
to know of his present condition. . He
was ..an expert workman at his trade.
Evidence of his wealth was discovered
in letters which he had kept in his trunk
and which urged him to go to New York.
CHORUS GIRLS
FLAY MANAGERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 13.— San Francisco is
shunned by chorus girls, according to
depositions. filed >here to-day in a theatri
cal suit. . Following ' the filing of a gen
etar denial by the defendant company in
the $20,000 damage suit of Suzette O'Con
nell,' a former member of the Delmar
chorus, against the Delmar Amusement
Company for alleged mistreatment at the
hands of the stage manager, the, deposi
tions of a dozen members of the com
pany were filed. .
-Miss Ida Bruegel, a member of the
chorus, voices the sentiment of her com
rades. . She 'says In her- deposition,
among other things, that | she does not.
approve of the stage . managers swearing
at the girls in. the chorus,' but thinks
they deserve a "calling down." Miss
Bruegel deposes to the effect that In
San Francisco' she has seen stage man
agers throw girls off the stage" and
"cuss" at- the slightest provocation.
Miss ;Marle French and Miss Anna
Pearl Evans, two other chorus girls,
state, in. their depositions that the chorus
girls get used to the abuse.and "don't
think anything of it" and also ref«r to
San Francisco, where. they received their
training.
PROFFERS PROOF
OF IMMORTALITY
Dr. Burgess of San Francisco
Bases Belief on Spir
• itualism.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NKW YORK.* Oct.: 18.— The -positive as
sertion that the theory . of Immortality
Is susceptible of proof was made to-night
by - Dr. O. ; O. r. Burgess, a San Francisco
scientist, at the opening of the fall "meet
ing 'Of the Medico-Legal Society at the
Waldorf-Astoria.,:
rDr./ Burgess ...read to an, audience of
noted physicians a paper, on .the "Demon
strative; Proof of Immortality" and drew
upon the f demonstrations by spiritualists
for his material. ' He declared that the
Heubner » spiritualistic , demonstration,
which ;he has : watched .closely. Is not a
fraud ; and that ' the ;' reports of ; communi
cation ; with the. tenants of an after-world
are' true, thus pointing to existence after
The papervwas read to closely attentive
listeners ; and \u25a0 gave : them much- food for
discussion. 1 The sincerity of Dr. ; Burgess
and "his- professional- standing .' guaran
teed a respectful; hearing. .
>."Tho, Electrical ' Action of the Organs of
the ~ Human^ Body" was the .title'of a
paper i read ; b y „ Dr.: E.*;, J." ; Fraser, also of
San J Frahclsco^Vv " -; I': .-• - . ;
" : Ten {members were admitted to the or
ganization
MANY DEAD
IN THE TRACK
OF TORNADO
Nearly; Dozen Persons Lose
Their Lives and Scores*
Are Injured by Big Storm
in Ee^ion About St. Louis
TBAJK THROWN INTO
A SWOLLEN CEEEK
Members of the Crew Forced
to Swim to Save Themselves
as the ' Result of a
Washout Due to Downpour
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 13.— A tornado struck
the village of Sorento, 111., thirty-two
miles northeast of St. Louis last night,
killing eight persons, injuring thirty-five
others, of j whom '\u25a0 three probably will die.
and doing damage to property estimated
at $160,000. Forty houses were blown. to
atoms or carried far from their founda
tions. Everything in the track of the tor
nado was awept away.
The identified dead: Mrs. Thomas File.
38 years old; Mrs. William Stewart. 60
years old; William Mann. 60 years; Har
ris Mann, IS years.
-Partial . list of injured: Mrs. William
Mann, Frank Shields and two daughters.
Mrs. I. J. May; Charles Miller and wife.
Henry Hays and wife. Henry Barlow and
wife. William Kirkland and wife; she
probably will die; William Stewart, will
probably die; Thomas File, .fatally; Mrs.
Phoebe Moore. Mr. and Mrs. George Root.
Mrs. John Griffith. \u25a0\u25a0:'-...
The storm approached from the south
west and swept through the main resi
dence portion of the town. The work of
the wind was quickly done and -then fol
lowed a heavy downpour of raio... Those
who escaped injury , were for 'tha time
panic-stricken. • but finally rallied and set
to work. to rescue the injured. The people •
by lantern light .: In the pouring rain '
searched through debris and dragged out
the injured. Some residences were sw.ept
away completely. Those left standing I
were converted into temporary hospitals.
The storm also deluged Alton, 111.,
where there was a cloudburst. St. Louta
also suffered from' a terrific thunder
storm. ' -. \u25a0
Near Alton no loss of life occurred, but
the streets were turned into temporary
rivers. . Fourteen miles distant, the vil
lage of Graf ton was deluged and the main
street was three feet under water.
Ten miles north of Alton, a Chicago,
Peoria and.. St.. Louis freight train struck
a washout ' in* the . storm and plunged
down an embankment into Branch Creek,
containing . six feet of water. The cars
contained cattle and horses. Many of
the animals were killed or drowned. Sev
eral tramps are believed to have perished.
Engineer Frank Drew. Fireman H. Bal
larc} and Brakeman Albert Patton were in
the engine when it plunged Into the creek
and all had to swim for their lives. Pat
ton was so badly scalded that he would
have drowned had not his comrades res
cued him.
At St. Louis the low lands of the river
Dcs Peres were flooded and police were .
bU3y this morning rescuing people from \u25a0
the housetops. The plant of the Laclede"
Fire Brick Company is flooded and Viee 1
President, J: L. TJreen estimates the dam
age from $10,000 to $15,000. At Union Sta-.
tion this morning three trains were bul
letined indefinitely late, two annulled. two, :
had not been heard from and nearly all
were several hours "late, the result of
washouts. , '\u25a0•<:.•*'
One-third of Forest Park, outside the J
World's Fair enclosure, was submerged
by water from three to fifteen feet deep.
GUTHRIE, O. T.. Oct. IS.— Heavy wind
storms occurred throughout Eastern Ok
lahoma last night. . The worst was at .
Manfoodkit, where two children were
killed and nine persons Injured, two prob
ably fatally. At Merlden a house was de- *
moltshed. but no- one was hurt. Near\
Cushing, farm buildings were damaged,
but no persons have been reported in- .
jured. -• \u25a0
BARTLETTSVILLE. I. T., Oct. IS.— A
tornado at Collinsvllle. I. T., early to-day.,
wrecked thirty houses. One child wa^y
killed and twelve persons were Injured.-.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 13. — A. TV. Ma,-i
hone, assignee of San Francisco jewelry.,
firms, has brought suit in the Superior.
Court against A. N. yon Sederholm and
others- to recover $663 05, the value of
goods purchased by Yon Sederholm.;
Yon Sedefholm, who had some. trouble
with his wife's relatives In San Fran
cisco some weeks ago, failed to show
up at. his place of business, and, his.
brothers-in-law claiming that be .was.
heavily Indebted to them, removed th«
stock to San' Francisco. ' \u25a0 \u25a0
II I- Pertinent Wl
; Questions , jm^
Is your advertising pro-
ducing results?.
Is your copy as good as'
the space demands? -
Is your follow-up-system
and your printed matter
all that it should be?
If in doubt— drop us a Baa
— or call as up— and woll
gladly fire you the benefit .
of the experience gained
In the expenditure of hua-
' dreda of thousands of dol>
- lars for many clients.
; Telephone Main 392^^^^'
M : Barnhart and'Swasey -^X
l\V. . Management of Advertuiog - ' jfj'
/jXt^' 107 New Montzomery St. ' _ S. F.
34
PARTRIDGE FORCES SPREAD DISMAY
IN CAMP OF SCHMITZ.
John S. Partridge, candidate for Mayor on the platform of common honesty in aff^rsj'bfr^muhicipal'governjTient,
?s making a brave'and "convincing campaign. All Ihe signs point to a triumphant uprising of the people-in support of L his
candi jacv. Frcm one end of the city {q the r other men of all conditions are pledging^ their loyalty to the Fusion nominee;
VOTERS OF TWO; DISTR.ICTS GREET' THE- MSION CANDIDATE
Forty-Second Upholds Its Primary Record and
Rallies Against the "Gangsters." |
SCHMITZ'S AUDIENCE OUTNUMBERED
Boss' Lack of Power in Forty-First Shown by
Difference in Meetings Held.
Spurred on by the great attendance at
Teutonia Hall In the Thirtieth District
Tuesday night, the voters of the Forty
second filled Saratoga Hall to the doors
with massed humanity, eager to hear the
wordg of the fueion candidates headed
by John S. Partridge. The announcement
of the fusion standard-bearer that the
grafters are on the run is spreading
through the districts like wildfire and
was heard on many lips at the meeting
last night. The words of Partridge have
F«-t the voters thinking, and that means
votes.
Speaker after speaker was cree(ed with
applause and cheers by the crowd that
filled the seats, lined the sides of the
building on the floor and in the gallery,
and tilled the rtar of the hall to the broad
etalrs beyond. Brandenstcin was in the
midst of his flaying of the administra
tion when John S. Partridge entered the
hall. : :
Those of tiie Schmitz retainers who were
present to size up the meeting and report
to Boss Ruef will have a sorry tale to
tell him this morning when they describe
the mighty greeting that was given the
tu«ion leader as he was hustled down the
aisle to the stage. And a sadder tale
still will be thflr account of the reception
accorded to the candidate's speech and
the ovation at its conclusion and at the
end .of the meeting.
THIIMFIIAVT UPRISING.
Mr. Partridge, when presented, spoke
in part as -follows:
Thl* campaign is developing Into a triumph
ant uprising of the people. I always knew we
couW win. but 1 never hoped for anything like
this. From orb end of the city to the other
men cf all conditions are pledging their support.
The meetings have exceeded la numbers and
.I.:!.!:.-;...- ::i anything 1 have ever seen in San
Francisco.
And the impudence of the grafters is all
gene. Hesitation has taken the place of bold
nt<*s. Tuesday, and again to-day, there wens
hurried and furtive meeting* tn the Mayor's
olfice, and Ma<-Ftretti and other* were .seen to
come out with blanched races and frightened
eyes; the gang is utterly and absolutely de
moralized.
Am<<ng other thinps our indictment charges
that the administration ha» deliberately de
stroyed the civil service system, and the evt
o'enet is complete. In their «cnemes to build
up a powerful political machine the adminis
tration has nullified the civil service provUlfins
of th« charter in brawn disregard ofThe will
of the IK-ople
A KUtmertiXßt Oivll Fervice Comiuitsion ha*
not raisod Its voice acaintt the appointment of
men owing allegiance omy to the administra
tion to tbe delusion of tne civil 6ervlce men,
nor has it held any examination \u25a0 worthy the
name ?ince the adminiFtration got full control
of th* municipal departments. In his vetj
message of the financial budget of WO-4 the
Mayor vetoed every arpropriation for salaries
«hith wa* made with the prevision that the
salary be paid oniy to civil eervlce men.
APPEALS TO WOMANHOOD.
The presiding officer of the evening was
Frank Macbeth, who was the popular
choice for the oosition. He introduced
the first speaker, A. M. Johnson, who
was followed by John A. McGee and M.
J. Hync-s. At the conclusion of Hynes'
speech Henry U. Brandenstein was intro
duced and was warmly greeted.
Brandenstein's address was a masterly
appeal to the voters to put out of power
the grafters who are disgracing the city
in the eyes of the nation. He refuted the
lies that Ruef has so grossly uttered in
relation to Mr. Brandenstein's private
life and apologized to the audience for
being confiiclled to mention the name of
the arch grafter whose level is below
that of the gang that is gathered about
him: I
Brandenstein proudly asserted his pur
ity of personal character, and his refer
ence to Ruef as "King of the Muck
heap" brought forth rounds of applause.
General Woodruff followed with a charac
teristic speech, appealing to the woman
hood of his female hearers to aid the
manhood of the city in driving back the
tide of filth and corruption that is fill
ing the City Hall.
The meeting broke up at the close of
Mr. Partridge's speech and hundreds
crowded around the candidate to shake
his hand and assure him of their loyalty
and admiration of his cause. From one
end of i Ban Francisco to the other the
citizens are turning out to hear and cheer
XEW ADViatTISE3IK.Vrs.
Eat Right and
Jeel Right
Take Care of Your Stomach and You
Will Escape No End of Trouble
—One Perfect Food.
Some people resort to drugs for every
little ache or pain — drugs which maj-
Etitrtulate but which cannot cure, if, in"-
deed. there really Is anything to be
cured.
Many of the ills with which we are
afflicted are due solely to eatine -the
wrong kind c.t food, or eating too Tiucb
or not gottisg. enough exercise to prop-
erly digest wh»t we do eat.
We can't abuse the stomach without
paying a penalty. This penalty Is most
frequently indigestion, with all Us ac-
companying distress. Eat the right
kind of food and you will not suffer.
.And the right kind of food isn't med-
icine \iX all. It's a natural malted
whole \v!ie;\t food. Malta-Vita, the must
delicious, the most satisfying food In
the world, always fresh and crisp, con-
taining" every food element necessary
for sastt-nance and upbuilding of the
body and the train.
( A perfect breakfast is impossible
without Malta-Vita. Being a pure
ifrain product it is rich in food ele-
ments — all the food elements of the
best white wheat grown and the tinest
barley malt extract — Intensely vital-
izing and easy for even the weakest
stomach to digest. Just the food to be-
gin the day with, and it's good thre«
times a day.
"I had been a sufferer from nervous
debility and indigestion for several
year*, without any benefit "or relief
from various tonics and other medical
prescriptions. Imagine my surprise
when, a short time after beginning the
use of Malta- Vita I became aware of
it* beneficial effects by the gradual dis-
appearance of my long-standing ail-
ment. JkCalta-Vita." Is incomparable in
its nourishing, digestive and strength-
ening><iuslities and is. deserving 'of the
greatest praise." P. Gersper; Barnes-
ville. Ohio. .
All grocers sell Malta Vita. Try some
with cream or fruit. You never tasted
anything sq sro«xl and you will be glad
we told you about It- Ready to eat.
Partridge, and the slocan of tho cam
paign from now until the finul triumph
on election day will be "The grafters are
on the run."
WILL TALK OX DEPARTMENTS. '
Partridge PrumUeit Voters He Will
Turn Searchlight on Comml»Miqna. v
That more voters did not greet John
S. Partridge in the Forty-first District
last night was owing: to the size
Steimke Hall, for the little hall was
packed to suffocation and many were
turned* away. Again the handwriting
on the wall becomes apparent when, it
is known that in this very hall scarcely
a week ago Schmitz stepped to the plat
form and urged the people standing 1 , in
the rear of the hall to come forward
and fill the unoccupied chairs near the
rostrum.
Louis H. Mooser •' presided and
squelched an incipient cheer for the op
position at the beginning of the meet
ing, and from that time until the end
there was no sound but the applause
and cheers for Partridge. A
The meeting was opened by a speech
from Edmond Godchaux, showing the
work of the Recorder's office. He was
followed by Henry U. Brandenstein,
who was introduced as the man who
as District Attorney will put tho grart
ers where they belong.
Brandenstein said that the campaign
had revolved itself into a test~^o see
how much the city and county of San
Francsico would stand for in the way of
graft. He added that thfe men on the
fusion ticket are not claiming to be
puritans, but they indignantly resent
the accusations of the grafters that
they are libertines.
Prior to the close of Brandenstein's
speech, Partridge entered and was
heartily received. He spoke in part as
follows:
Friends, this is a fampalgn oF the flreFlde
lamp against the tenderloin licht; in other
words. It Is a campaign that may save your
boys from ruin and your girls from de
bauchery. , ,
Do ycu want Abe Ruef for Mayor or do you
want me? We tell you there Is grogs graft;
Kuef tells you I live in Berkeley. We tell you
there is thievery and corruption in every de
partm»nt; Ruef tells you I live in Berkeley.
That is the only thing he can advance as an
lswjt '.n the fight against me personally. The
only other thing is his cry of Citizens Alli
ance. Both cries are lies and mislead but a
few. It Is to these few I appeal.
Night by night I Intend to take. up the city
departments and tell the truth about fhem. j
The administration is Indicted for deliberate
and premeditated attempt to nullify those pro
visions of the charter which Drovtda for the
acquisition and maintenance, of various public
utilities. The Mayor Is nightly telling his
audiences that he is In favor of the acquisition
of munclpal ownership of euch things as
water, gas, telephones and street railways, and
yet his record shows that It has been consist
ently against them.
The charter makes It mandatory upon the
city government to proceed regularly, system
atically and persistently to acquire public util
ities, and the JBoard of Supervisors, ever, since
the new charter was adopted, have attempted
to carry It out. as they have attempted to
carry out all the provisions of that Instrument.
The Supervisors appropriated $."i50,r,00 to
commence work on the Geary-street roi"!. The
Mayor publicly stated In an interview ..iat he
doubted the expediency of constructing that
road. He further attempted to hamper in every
way the preliminary work, and he stated that
the plans as prepared by Mr. Stut could net be
carried out. It vat only when he was forced to
do bo by the pressure of one of the dally
papers that he consented to go ahead with the
work.
&E\D FOII THEM.
Bring tbe Home Folk* West While
Rntea Are Low.
Tou've been thinking about.it a long time.
Don't wait any longer. Rates are low now
i rom the Ea»t to California. The Sant* Fe
will telegraph the Ucket and see that your
ie-iks get special attention. Th« conductor will
look after them all the way to California.
$.50 iroro New York.
f&S frcm Chicago.
|25 from Kansas City. Low rates also from
otter place*. Write for. them to P. W. Prince, "
City Ticket Agent. Santa Fe Railway, «J53
Market street, Ban Francisco. ~J"fr:- •
"BUKLIXGTON PLANS .
TO EXTEND ITS LINE
May Build From Guernsey,
Wyo.. Through to Salt |
Lake City. .
OMAHA, Neb., Oct. 18.— It ia stated on
undoubted authority that the Burlington
is strongly contemplating building a line
from Guernsey, Wyo., through to Salt
L«ake by way of Granger, Wyo., and that
a surveying party has been fitted out at
a cost of thousands of dollars and sent
Into that region for a careful study and
laying out of the way.
A Dromlnent official of the Burlington
remarked to-day that the Burlington
wculd do more railroad building this fall
thau any other of the Western roads.'
A survey was made from Guernsey to
Granger and to Salt Lake four years
ago, and there has been more or less
talk of the line 'ever since.- There is a
big stretch of good territory between
Guernsey and Granger, and it is deemed
a paying proposition to push the ". line
Into Salt Lake City, where connections
would be made with the Western Pacific.
The new line will be approximately 500
miles in length and will run almost paral
lel to the Union Pacific across Wyoming,
crossing the overland route at v Granger.
When the Guernsey line was con
structed it was built with eighty-pound
rails — seldom laid on a branch line of
that class. This Is considered .. another
significant fact. The Guernsey line- is
more than 100 miles In length. %:£:
TALKS TO BAXK CLERKS.— The second
talk of the series of lectures of tha San Fran
eieco Chapter of American I Institute of Bank
Clerks was given last nlgnt at ' the Mechanics'
Ir.Mlt uio before a large audience. Professor
A. C Miller wet 'the speaker. He chose for his
subject •'Changes of System Under Oallatin;
the Financing of the Wav or tsV2." .. '
WOMAN REMEMBERS BURGLARS FACE.
Mr*. G. »L.. Bannon of, £33 BartJett street has.
hwn Instrumental In the ' capture >of Henry
\V!'ii-on. a - burslar. who -. entered . her ' horne '; a
few days ago. ~ She remembered > « suspicious
man who »m standing- in front of her home on
that day." ; When ebe discovered that her house
had beon robbed she went on a' search for. thu
man. (She ran across him on the street vester
d»v «n«1 H.rt hi,,, UTcKcJ
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY,, OCTOBER 19, 190 of
DISTRICT FUSION MEETINGS FOR TO-NIGHT.
Thirty-eighth and Fortieth District— .Hamilton v " Hall, 151T Stelner
\u25a0trt-ct, brtirrra O*Fnrrcll and Geary streets. Take r Geary, Eddy/ El-
Il.i, Mevtiailrro or Flllmore street cnr». ; r'/ "•* .\ \u25a0'. \u25a0 : -.
Forty-fourth Dlntrlct— Great masK-mcetinß at ;. GnHbaldl ..Hall, 423
Brond«ny, between Montgomery and Kearny. \u25a0treetn. ; Take'Kearny'br
Union mtrv'et can. " " ' ' .? iij {-}\,- '-. \u25a0**.\u25a0.'-" " \u25a0'.;/' \u25a0'.'.,
Forty-fourth District (colored)— Austrian Hall, Povrell" ;and Sutt ' r
HtrcrtH. Take Poirell ( Jnckion, Punt or Sntter \u25a0treet cars. ' •
ELECTION COMMISSIONERS
TRY TO EVADE THE LAW
Scheme 'to HelpVSchrait^ Evokes
a Letter From Partridge.
The Election Commissioners, in their zeal to help Ruef and Schmitz, en
deavored to keep secret the list of election' officers for the various precinct
boards. All parties are clearly entitled under the law to know all about the
official affairs of the Department of Elections. When the Commissioners were
brought before the Superior Court to show cause why the names of the
lected, elation officers should not be given to the public they -threw- up- tneir
hands and promised to reveal thelists. The proceedings in court had the effect
desired by law-abiding citizens. v- - \u25a0 \u0084 ."
Rumor Is now rife that the Commissioners, through some sort of juggling to
evade the law. propose to place on the official .ballet \u25a0 the farcical nominations
made by bunches of so-called "Independent pemoc^ts'/ and "Independent ne
publicans." Last Tuesday night the Ruefters filed two petitions, arid in 1 one pe
tition the prayer is made that Schmitz shall go on the ballot as the nominee
of the "Independent Democrats" and in the other that his name shall go on as
the nominee of "Independent Republicans." Schmitz is the regular nominee or
the Union Labor party convention, and as such his name goes on the bailor, m
Every one knows that the purpose of the petition is to enable voters to vote
for a candidate who ia not the nomirffee of a convention. The laW also hoiaa
that persons who voted at the. primary election for delegates to a nominating
convention are not entitled to sign a petition in behalf of an independent nomi
! Regular Republicans and .Democrats are positive that the petitions filed night
before last by the Ruefters contain th e names of hundreds of men who partici
pated in the recent primary election. Registrar Adams is already comparing . me
names of the petitioners with the list of registered voters. It is his duty also to
scan the list of voters at the recent primary election in order to ascertain
whether the petitioners have not forfeited their right to petition in this case.
Republicans and Democratic leaders comprising the Fusion campaign com
mittee have looked Into. the law governing the Commissioners and Registrar or.
Voters, and if attempts are. made to evade It or set it aside the, courts will oe
appealed to at once. . , -•< 'J!jL£\l
There- is gossip in political circles that the Commissioners propose to permit
the use of the designation "Independent Democrat" and "Independent Republi
can" on the , official machine ballot: A writ of mandate from the Supreme
Court may be necessary to bring the Ruef gangsters to a sense of their duty. .
The. decisions are. clear and direct to the point that misleading and con-.
fusing designations, are not permissible. «' •'- Q W : \u2666 i*
There is no Republican nominee for Mayor other than John'S. Partrmge.
There i&no Democratic nominee for Mayor other , than ,John S. Partridge.
Each party nominated him in due form and in accordance with, the Jaw.
providing for the selection of delegates at a primary election. .• There is no
Union Labor nominee for Mayor other than Eugene E. Schmitz, as he was
regularly nominated .by a convention created under the law. What, would:
Eagan and Berger. think if a proposition to place Partridge on the official
ballot as the "Independent Union Labor" candidate? ,'V/
John S. 'Partridge, nominee for Mayor, yesterday addressed the follow
ing letter to every member of the Board of Election Commissioners:
"SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Oct! 18, 1905.
"To the Honorable James A. Devoto. Elmer G. Lefflngwell, Thomas McGuire
and A. W. Voorsanger,, Constituting the Board of Election Commission
ers of the City and County of San Francisco— Gentlemen: I am informed
that two petitions, have .been- filed .with you nominating certain persons to be
voted for at the coming election under the titles, 'Independent Republican
party' arid 'Independent -Democratc party.' As the nominee of the conven
tions of the Republican- and- Democratic parties, I wish to protest against
allowing the persons named An said petitions a place on the sample ballot
and voting machines to bfe used at said election, for'Uhe following reasons:
"First Because the designations, 'Independent Republican party' and
'Independent Democratic party,' are the same as or so similar to those of
other existing parties as to mislead voters.
"Second — Because the persons seeking to have their names on the ballot
as 'independent' nominees or . 'candidates' for public office 'nominated other
wise than by a convention,' are not 'independent candidates' or candi
dates 'nominated otherwise than by a convention,' but are the nominees of
the convention of the Union Labor party, and as such entitled to a place
on the ballot. •• 1 .. .
"I therefore request that you prepare the sample ballot to be mailed to
the voters of said city and county at said election and the voting machines
to be used at said election by placing in the first or top column the nomi
nees of the Republican convention, under the heading 'Republican ticket';
In the second column the nominees of the Democratic convention, under the
•heading 'Democratic ticket'; inithe. third column the nominees of the So
cialist convention, under the .heading 'Socialist ticket,' and in the foutrh
column the nominees of the Union Labor convention, under the heading
'Union Labor ticket,' and that said sample ballot and voting machines be
prepared without separate columns for the names of the persons named In
said petitions and without the designations 'Independent Reput/lican party*
or 'Independent Democratic party.* Very truly yours, , ,:
s , : "?- "JOHN S. PARTRIDGE."
MAYOR DRAWS CROWDS IN
TWO DISTRICTS.
Gets Gold ; Reception in Thirty-Second
Mayor Schmitz spoke at three meetings
lalt evening, all of them south of Mar
ket street. At « two of 1 them | halls well
filled with. enthusiastic supporters greet
ed him/ but at the third. Mission Music
Hall, Twenty-first • and Howard streets,
the Thirty-second I District, . the small
crowd which waaj there : gathered brought
a chill to the heart of the chief executive
of this .city. '. 'Even the: spirited handclap
ping of' -the speakers on the < platform
failed to rouse, the expected enthusiasm,
and the Mayor V reception was : Indeed a
cold one. He showed his disappointment
In his spe«ch, but kept bravely on to the
e"hd. .."\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0* \ . V ; . \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-'\u25a0 : >\u25a0-"\u25a0'\u25a0':\u25a0*\u25a0 ' --:—•;'\u25a0
Fully 1000 men and women attended the
meeting at Eintracht Hall. -Twelfth
street, Thirty-flrst ; District, and Mayor
Schmltz's .appearance on the ; platform
was the signal tor an outburst of ap
plaupe. Here the Mayor discussed* his
so-called issues of. thY campaign/ contin
ually repeating j the ; statement -.that this
was a ftght between) the wage ion
his side and the Citizens* Alliance on the
other. He explained his signature of the
gas ordinance byisaytng Uhat he- had [-no
power to ; veto i it, because i recent deci
sions' of the' Supreme- Court."
"This year," vhe said., "weare* on the
eve of making San Francisco one of the
greatest i cities :of the ; world. Elect a
straight Union* Labor, ticket, giving: me a
Board of Supervisors on which;! can de
pend, and I , guarantee. .to you'? that \u25a0 re
forms will be started the like of which
you have never; known ; in -, the history, of
San Francisco.** Charles A. Siskron was
tho-chairman of ithls meeting. :'.
Pioneer Hall. Twenty-ninth; District,
was the last meeting; place : of* the even
ing. » The hall ;' was : well \/iHed. ; James
Kennedy : presided ' and ' nearly ' every^ can^
didate on the Union Labor ticket spoke
for a few minutes each. The : other
speakers were Colonel T. V. Eddy. W. G.
Wendell, Thomas Egan, George B. Ben
ham. Major Kyle and George J. Berger. *
| For some reason reference ;is no , longer
made to the future of Mayor Schmitz as
Governor of California. At the beginning
of '"the campaign a 1a 1 verse "of \u25a0 one ?of ; the
campaign songs announced that he ; would
be" the next Governor," and the chairmen
of many meetings introduced "him in the
same strain. . All "this has been aban
doned,- and, now no mention of his pos
sible candidacy Is made.
MAKES CHARGES OF STUFFING.
Newberry Accuse* -J. T.* \Moloney, A.
Sprout aid J. C. -.-: Durnpach. :
Perry H.; Newberry, secretary of ; the
Republican League, commenced' crim
inal-proceedings^ «yesterday , against
three of the men"; accused /of commit- 1
ting perjury to have^ their names
placed on the great 'register as :duly
qualified electors ; of * this i city,-; and
county. • He swore %to for
their arrest \ before 4 Police Judge h Ca
baniss.' "> ,r, r Their 0;- names %'i are , > Joseph
Thomas =Moloney,;Augustus: Sprout and
Jacob" Charles -Durnbach. /
1 It is J alleged ithat; on -September 25
Moloney : falsely^ swore £ before .William
P. Golden, Deputy : Registrar/that ",.i he
resided ' at 831 '.*< Mission? street ; if that
Spruut falsely 'syvorelbef ore ; W.T.v PiN
kington^ Deputy Registrar, - on : Septem-_
ber 27, that he Jived at 307' Fourth
street ; and that Durnbach falsely,
swore' before W."P. Mclaughlin, Deputy,
Registrar,- on * September 25, that he
lived at 1 SIT Lombard streot.
-•\u25a0 WILL BUILD \ « A II.KO AD.— Jhe ) Big trees
Mining .Company of y Murphy," lCal.. • has le: La
contract to - build a ' railroad f rom: Altaville ani
Angela "\u25a0 Calaveras Ounty, 'to'-ti c smelter alt»
near; Murphy. /a ;d stance -.of fl.t.ea miles.':-; It
will cost $150,000 "• -\ .*- \
FUSION FORCES
ARE CONFIDENT
Leaders and Workers v daim
I That Partridge's Majority
Will Exceed Estimates
GEAFTEES ARE ALAEMED
Eepoit Is Current That Ruef
Is Advising Another Tax
on All Liquor Dealers
fThe camp of the grafters .is' in .• a
feverish, state \u25a0' of : alarm. - Deputies
are 'scampering-- around \ the^ City Hall,
telephone hells are ringing and special
(Sails are going out to: summon^ all the
Ruef ters on the; municipal payroll to
a council.
It is whispered in the corridors of
the hallthat "Eugene is scared." The
great demonstration for Partridge in
the heart of • the Thirtieth *, Assembly
District struck terror to the gangsters.
Leaders in the army of graft are giv
ing all sorts of advice. Eagan and Mc-
Carthy advise that Ruef be "bottled
,up." When Ruef hears this he may di
rect the Mayor to kick out Eagan and
McCarthy.
Many of the wage-earners are ascrib
ing: the unfortunate condition of the
May orB campaign to P. H. McCarthy,
who is said to be the arch hoodoo of
the century in politics. Others aver that
the cause of the calamity to the gang-
Bters . can be traced to Ruef "s meeting
at tho Alhambra Theater. There is
quite a diversity of opinion as to the
cause, but all the grafters agree on the
remedy. Another tax. is to be levied.
The licjuor men in general and the sa
loon-keepprs in particular are to be
assessed again for campaign expenses.
Eugene is so badly frightened and'Ruef
is so completely rattled that nothing
less -than- a. bisr "hold up" can restore
serenity.
At the headquarters of the fusion
forces, 636 Market street, the utmost
confidence prevails. Tlje leaders, speak
ers and district workers are so san
guine of overwhelming^ victory -.for
Partridge that one is inclined to utter
warning 'against the danger of over
confidence. The analysis of regis 1
tration.'the attendance on fusion meet
ings south of Market street, the .char
acter . of . Partridge's, speeches ' and the
cordial greetings accorded /to I him by
the workingmen are accepted as unfail
ing signs of victory. . -
~ The campaign committee, through its
auxiliary agencies, is now giving spe
cial attention to work in the several
districts. The organization is so com
plete, and effective that every voter in
the city can be advised to use his per
sonal effort and influence In the cause
of common honesty.
SHEEIEE ABDUCTS
ALLEGED THIEVES
Conveys Them in Automobile
From Denver to Crip
ple Creek. '
DENVER, Oct. 18.— George Carter and
J. A. Carter, alleged ore thieves; Sheriff
Edward Bell of Teller County. Marshal
H. A. Naylor of Victor and J5OOO worth
of gold ore figured in a sensational cross
country automobile run from Denver to
Cripple Creek, which ended at the latter
place this morning. '
The Carters were arrested two months
ago. They were released on bonds. Soon
afterward they obtained j an , order from
the District Court of Denver for the re
lease of .the ore, which was in the county
jail. - Sheriff Bell determined to arrest
them.and! recover the ore. .. \u25a0.../.. /
Yesterday afternoon 'the Carter broth
ers appeared at the county jail and got
the gold. They were placing it in an ex
press wagon when Sheriff Bell and
Marshal Naylor appeared in an automo
bile, r,
"Hands up!"' ordered the "two officers.
The Carter* brothers could do nothing
but comply. Frank J. Hangs, their, attor
ney, also present, was -told to keep his
distance. The sold was loaded on the
automobile/ Placing the Carter brothers
in the car the .officers left.
Attorney Hangs rushed to the court
house, but before he could get an in
junction Sheriff Bell and Marshal Naylor
were across the Denver county line. -
'NEW PUMPING STATION.— City Engineer
Woodward yeßterday reebmmended to the ! Su
pervisors that a lot be purchased In the blocks
bounded by DavJs. Clay. East and Sacramento
streets for ; the purpose of. establishing thereon
a pumping station In connection ; with the new
sewer to be built in* Mission street, from Sec
ond: to East streets." The ; fact that the plans
for the sewer are almost completed ne-essltates
early action on the recommendation. >_. ,
Natural Alkaline Water
|ra| cure s
H Dyspepsia
£$!&< Stomach
I li S&H Troubles
The genuine is ai-
: > ways sold in bottles ':'
$v^H§^ ""SSi like this
|^g||gg^ Beware of Sypkons,'
auiJAjiita , they do not contain , .. .
%SSmmi§* "'" \ : - ;; y I C H V:/
«%5 » In Our Office, 116 Mont- «jjs
kja gentry Street, We Will. kl«
£9 Positively SeH to the
g ' **?%?• stli 1
m and 6th Avemics. IJ%
| I and J Stress g
Vf\ Between the Affiliated Colleges and ft*
W» Golden Cate Park. j»
i Eosv Terms $
|/^ t/ UK
m One-Fifth Cash. Balance A
m 1,2,3 and 4 Years Jjg
81 LYON (i^ $
?« s ?f* Ar* 116 MONTGOMERY Sp
m HOAG : : street &
HEAVY ODDS
ON M'CLELLAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— While there was
a flood of McClellan money offered in
Wall street to-day at odds of from 10
to 3 to 5 to 1, few wagers were made,
owing to dearth of Ivins or Hearst
funds. Great interest was exhibited* in
the runs to be made by Ivins and Hearst,
and several bet 3 were . made on the re
sult between these candidates. . Even
money was wagered in several Instances
that Hearst would "not get 100,000 votes.
Several larste bets were made > that Ivins
would receive . more votes than Hearst.
One large bet of. the day was that of
$10,000 to $2000 that McClellan would win.
This was made by F. S. Sellgsberg &
Co. This firm also was commissioned to
bet $2500 that McClellan would 'poll mora
votes than Ivins and Hearst combined.
Hatch, a curb broker, wagered $200 even
with F. Marco that Hearst would not
get 100,000 votes.
W. Watts Bagley offered $10,000 to $3000
on McClellan. without finding, takers.
C. Houser bet $500 even with two firms
that McClellan would not poll more votes
than Ivtns and Hearst combined.
Brunell, a curb broker, offered $1000 to
$750 that Ivina would poll more votes than
Hearst i-SS '»>.=»
No bets were made on Jerome's chances
and there was no talk of probable odds
on his election.
GREAT REPUBLICAN RALLY.
' PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 18. — The- first
grea,t rally, of the regular Republicans
of this city took place ! to-night under
the auspices of the .State committee.
The 1 meeting was held in the Academy
of Music and so large was the crowd
that gained admittance to the great
auditorium that the doors" had to be
closed before the speakers arrived.
Among the ten speakers were Governor
Samuel W.vPennypacker and United
States Senator Penrose.
While • the meeting was in progress
enthusiasm ran riot among the thou
sands in the streets surrounding the
academy, who could not gain admit
tance. A dozen political club's marched
past the building, while small cannons
boomed from the roofs of near-by
clubhouses.
DUO OF MITCHELLS ,
IN A STREET FIGHT
;Wall Street "Bad MairVDe
feated by Namesake
From Mexico.
NEW YORK, * Oct. 18.— "Billy" ' Mitchell,
the mining expert who has recently fig
ured in a half dozen fistic ; encounters In
Wall street, all of which be has won.
met his ' match in" a battle which took 1
place to-day, at noon on the Broad street I
curb. His opponent was a mining man
from Mexico, whose name Is Mitchell
also. He is a brother of the president of
the Mitchell Mining Company.
The cause ofi ; the row. according to
both" participants, was contained in I
statements : made, by Mitchell, the mining i
expert : and broker, concerning the • value \
of the Mitchell mining* stock. The Ue \
was quickly ? passed and W. E. Mitchell ;
of - New York shot out a heavy right- '
hander to , the head of Mitchell of, Mexico. *
who s-dled 7in and ' gave - the New Yjrk »
man a "severe ; drubbing, which was |
watched and cheered bs*, a large crowd of j
brokers. - ' ' **— t
' -In ' the Mitchell Mining * Company's -of
fices jit .was -denied; that Harry ' Mitchell
had .been .brought up from Mexico" to
whip the Wall-street MitcheU
1 DEVELOPED I
I FREE §
: I carry a full line of Xon-
I Curling Films. I develop Films
\u25a0 free when you buy them of me
I or have me do your Photo Print-
ing. Here are my prices for
Films: 2*4x2%, is«i 2^x3%.
20es 2^x414. 25c; 3%x3%. 30c»
3&x4^4. 3S«; 4x5, 5x4 aad 3»ix
5%. 43c
Don't fail to get a sample
dozen of CYKO Developing
Paper; any size up to 4x5. 15c.
My prices for Photo Printing
are as follows: 214x334. 4c; .
2%x4V 4 , 3iix3% and 3%x4%,
.V; 4x5 and B^4xs*4, «ci »x?. 10c.
10 per cent reduction on largo
orders.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. TV. PITTS." The Stationer.
10OS -Market St.. San Francisco.
Ohio Dentists.
If v« do your dental work It will b»
done right: -no unsatisfactory work Is al-
lowed to go out of our crSce. W* want
everybody to fc» pleased.
_ n r^3 teeth Remember
We have specialists In every branch.
Full set of teeth that stick fast, mad*
; only by us. $3*p«r act: sold crowns and
bridge work. $2 ZO per tooth: fiill&gs, 30c:
cl Anslnr tne.
Painless extraction by air. (U or br \u25a0&
i application to the guz&s. '
| OHIO DENTAL PARLORS.
I 650 Market, cor. Stocktaa sod GUIs.
I Hours ft to 9. Sunday 10 to -.
Uricso!
Rheumatic
of}£ClllC \u25a0
Kidney Ad Liver Stimulant. Tha
most successful remedy before tha
public. Does not - injure the stom-
, »eh: Drop posta! for Free ' Booklet
/on Treatment and Diet f<>r; Rheu-
matism to URICSOL CHEMICAL
| CO.. 23d and Grand Avc. Los An-
• eeles. Cal.
For Sale by All Druggistv
PILES! PILES!
I MACS IXFALLIIH.E PILE CURE
1 .CURES ATL CASES OP BU.NTJ.
j BLEEDING. ITCHIXO AND PROTKUI>-
i I XG PILES: cases of many years' stand*
i ing cured by a single price. 34
• cents. A. McBOrLE £ COl. DRUGGISTS.
.504 ..Washington St.. San Francisco.
Barters! cure SICIC hea^ )a ? h ?-
iW ITTIs Genuine Must Bear
m JM IF? Fac-Simils Signature
3 PILLS. - jj — -LOCKOUT VIEWS
LAND CALMLY
Testifies That Wlien He Saw
St. Paul Getting Close In
He 3lade Xo Comment
CVI'TALYS STATEMENT
Says Third Officer Should
Have Called Him Again
When Weather Grew Thick
-
The inquiry into the cause of the
wreck of :!'« steamer St. Paul -was be
gun before Inspectors Bolles and Bulger
yesterday, it was shown thai the look
out, J. Anderson, saw that the ship was
u*H6*:ou \u25a0> in>V. < r;^: report
.. -3 Officer William
. 'ii'-f-, «cl»o wa.-- ut, watch.
ii re tell y'6\i rif "'\u25a0 bere that you
uch g"oc<l (15 a. icokout," said
-* '~.-covf on had
..; . ' r t : \u25a0-, tl c rocks
».!<. Gorda tX .:-". ai.. tober 5.
- ral« «r« fa&inj; at pat t.me, but
\u25a0yraU'ti »a the tesUraoriy Riven yes
• rig.r ig. - The
hose on
. \u25a0 , k
Third ' '\u25a0.: \u25a0 •' \u25a0'.'."\u25a0\u25a0 ' 'was the
.. : . \u25a0-. captain?"
• a." -; Sve roluutes past
. \u25a0 i.': set in," was
;\u25a0•.:>' cut at the
"?-">, .-:r. ..^ did ::".».'
-\u25a0 fai ceßid yon F?e just btfore the
miles, I should
\u25a0 IHd the lookout report anything to
your
•Xo, not until just before she struck.
Tfcen he sang out: 'Breakers right ahead,
cii.' "
< aptain Randall was next called.
"When the mate called you. why did
you not come o':t'.'" he was asked.
-Well, he, reported that there was a
light O.rizzling lam and that he could see
ihe land."
"What do yon thkik was the reason
that she got In so close?
•'Possibly because of the swell."
. "When the mate called you, did he
speak in hi? u^ual tone of voice as
though he were awake?"
"Yes, sir."
"Did the third officer carry out all your
orders?"
*Yes, except that I considered the
weather thick enough to warrant him
falling me again."
Captain Randall brought out the fact
that Holmes had been discharged from
'.lie Columbia for insolence to the cap-
I* - Johnson, who hap
pened to be on deck just. before the.ves
ffl struck, said that he thought she was
too far inshore for safety.
"Didn't you call the attention of the
third mate" to the fact that she was too
lar inshore?"
"Xo. sir."
"You oidn't think that it was any of
your business, is that it?"
•'Well. 1. thought that the mate would
sof that himself. He was walking up
:> «<l iiowjj on' the bridge."
Anderson, who was on' the loolcout when
the veßiseJ struck, was asked why he did
r.ot report to the mate when he saw that
the St. Paul was too close inshore."
"I thought that he would see that him
so'.f," replied Anderson.
'•Didn't you consider it your duty to
report to the officer on watch?"
•1 guess it was, but I thought that
he could see for himself."
•At 2:15 you knew the vessel was get
ting closer inshore?"
"Yes, sir.'"
"And at 2:30 you saw that it was still
closer in, yet you did not report to the
mate? '
"That's so."
"Well. I want to tell you right here,"
said Inspector Bulger, "that you are not
much good as a lookout." .
Most of the St. Paul's crew have
shipped on the Costa Rica. That vessel
is due Saturday? and the inquiry will' be
resumed on Monday.
HEX MATCHES BROOD
JX SMALL TIN PAIL
Selects a "Nest" Hanging
Ten Feet Above the
Ground.
Ppecla! Dispatch to The Call.
RIVERHEAD. L. 1., Oct. 18.— An old
hpn owned by Asa D. Fordham chose a
tin pail, hung about ten feet from the
floor, as the place in which to bring up
» family. She laid ten eggs and hatched
every one of .them, the family "coming
off" "the nest to-day.
This high-minded hen selected a tin
pall home unknown to her owner. Being
released from a coop daily, she went to
an old building, wherein hung the pail. It
must have bern quite a "stunt" to fly up
to the pail and get safely within without
brpakir.g the eggs that had been laid
from day to day. but it was accomplished
without accident, in spite of the Xact
that thcr«» was net the least bit of stFaw
for the nest. The .pail was a deep one,
v.hieh made the feat of balancing her
h^nship on the edge while she got in
all the more difficult. How she ever got
out is still more wonderful.
After the chicks were hatched, the hen
was "up against" a proposition— how to
pet them down to the ground. Mr. Ford
ham happened to go into the building
this morning and heard the peep of the
chicks. He looked carefully around, but
could find none for a long time. Finally
he traced the popping to the pail and
there found ten chicks with none of the
comforts of home. He took them outside
and prepared a new home In the sunshine.
Arrrstrd for Speeding Ills Auto.
DULUTH, Minn., Oct. 18. — Vice Presi
dent Louis W. Hill of the Great North
(m Railroad, was arrested here to-day
for speeding in his automobile on the
streets.
i : r — i Positirely enred by
;A A fJTPpO the** Little PilU.
I* Al\ I L i\w T ll^ also relive Dls-
rwsf tress from Dyspepsia, Ia-
ITTLE digestion and. Too Heuty
« I\Jr» B Eatlsg. A perfect; rcm-
• IV& \u25a0» . efiy for Dizziness. Kansea,
gi PILLS Drowsiness, Bad Taste
HH jj^j " la the Moctlu Coated
rZZSFZ%&£ Tongue, Pain in the Side,
rarcaffir»*ima j torpid uver. Taey
regelate tie Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PiLL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
fliPTCp'd CORE SICK HEADACHE.
UAKlutw . - „
Spittle Genome Must Bear
fiIVER Fac-Simile SignaJijre
CARTER POSES
AS A DREYFUS
Convicted Captain Claims to
Be Victim of Conspiracy
on Part of Army Officers
CHICAGO, Oct. IS.— Charges of con
spiracy among- army officers, made by
Oberlln M. Carter, who was convicted of
embezzling $3,000,000 from the Government,
enlivened the proceedings befoie Special
Examiner Wyman to-day. In reply jto
questions of Assistant United States At
torney General Erwin, Carter asserted
that the finding of the qourt-martlal
which declared Carter guilty was the re
sult of a conspiracy among the officers
constituting the court-martial.
"I was condemned: .and sentenced -to
prison on secret testimony at -a hearing
where neither myself nor. my attorney
were allowed to be present," slid Carter.
"That Is why I was insistent on obtain
ing a trial in a court of justice, where I
could confront my accusers and summon
witnesses. If I could have met my fath
er-in-lew, R. F. Westcott, In open court,
I know he would have told the truth. As
it was, he was a. feeble old man, and the
Government representatives worried him
into signing the statement which is now
used as his testimony."
"Why should the Government give you
another trial, after a military court-mar
tial of three months' investigation had
found you guilty and you were serving
the sentence in prison?" asked Erwin. ,
CALLS GRIGGS CORRUPT.
"Because I never had- a fair trial."
shouted Captain Carter. The investiga
tion by the court-martial was an infa
mous farce. General Otis, the presiding
officer of the court-martial, was found
: one night In the office of the prosecuting
attorney plotting . to have me convicted.
My attorney and myself learned that
General Otis had left the hotel s*ecretly
to conspire with the prosecuting attorney,
and we made an investigation, and found
him and other members of the court
martial in secret- "session with "the Gov
ernment attorneys. They walked! a mile
and then climbed five flights of stairs
after the elevator stopped running, so
as to be alone."
"You charge that General \- Otis and
other members of the court-martial en
tered . into conspiracy,: to send you", to
prison?" :
"I do, and -I know, what lam
about," replied, the witness. " "The late
President William McKlnley was an
honest man from the top ot his head. to
his toes, but I was advised that Attor
ney General Griggs was corrupt."
"How do you know Attorney General
Griggs was corrupt?" \u25a0 . r \u25a0
"Because a high official -of the Penn
sylvania Railroad told me," replied the
witness. "He said his road ran through
New Jersey, and. he had reason to know
of Mr. Griggs'. character. He advised me
to have nothing to do with him."' .'
PRIVATE PAPERS SEIZED.
Carter described the manner, in which
his books and private . papers were seized
by Government officers while he was ab
sent in October. 1599.* Certain papers which,
he said, he intended \u25a0to use to prove
that many of the prosecution's 'witnesses
committed perjury at the investigation
by the court-martial are missing.' He ac
cused the officers- of the court-martial,
and the board of inquiry with, having
taken them in order to deprive him \of
the use of the documents at his defense.
He accused a member of the court-mar
tial (Captain Gillespie) and others ot hav
ing copied, many of the personal letters
while the documents were in their pos
sion. He also accused the Government :
officers of neglecting to' return' several
pieces of personal property, .which; he
highly prized. One of these was -a piece
of the flag which floated over .* Fort
Sumpter when the fort was first fired
upon In 1861, and - another was a letter'
from his wife . signed "Sweet Ann," and
containing a lock \u25a0of her hair. /. ;
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE ; : ./
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Yew Bank Authorised In.Aima and
Cbanee '. Made ; In Coast ' Po*t
1 master*.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 18— The follow
ing changes of .fourth-class postmas
ters has- been: made for California-
Posts Monterey County,. Seulma ; F.
Pfeffcr vice William B. Post:
The Comptroller of the Currency, has
approved the application ... to organize
the First National Bank. of Azusa, Cal.,
ranltal $25,000; W.S. Bridges, cashier;
W R ' Powell, W. W.v. Heth. T. W.
Knapp, W. J. Cox and W. R. Holliday,
organizers.-. This .bank succeeds * the
Azusa Valley Bank. :.'. \u25a0 . -
Tou cannot"' get * into .green, pastures
while you herd with the goats.'
THE .SA v FRANCISCO CALL. •THURSDAY; -.-It*.. 1905;
MARINERS AMONG WHOM RE- j
SPONSIBII.ITT LIES FOR WRECK ! I
OF THE ST. PAUL. |
SPECIAL AGENTS
TRAIL A WOMAN
Pick Resident of New
York Fails in an Attempt
to -Defraud the Government
WASHINGTON, Oct. I.— Special agents
of the Treasury.Department recently suc
ceeded in locating . a valuable diamond
necklace which was smuggled into this
country and securinjr a large amount of
customs duties which the owner sought
to evade. '•
Some -weeks -ago the Treasury officials
received . Information'^that a lady of
means, living 'in New. York, had pur
chased abroad a necklace for which she
paid $22,000"and had succeeded in' getting
it through the line. of -baggage inspectors
at New yYork. • Her name, and residence
were given to the; customs officials and
men.went promptly: to work on the case.
On" callincr at her house .It- was learned
that she .had • gone to, Philadelphia,
whither they, followed he*. \u25a0 From Phila
delphia she -.went, to ."Chicago and. 'from
there to Boston and 'thence 'to- New York
again, the customs officers in close pur
suit.' She -was- finally found- in a New
York theater. ;, •"?;• .: . : '•; ;\u25a0. ' , ;: : •
When approached, .the woman said that
the diamonds in., the necklace, she" then
wore -were : not. genuine ; and . pleaded to
the .officers, not .to publicly disgrace her
by making ,' the .arrest in .the theater,
promising to surrender to them the neck
lace she had procured' in Europe if they
would. call at* her residence the following
morning. This arrangement was agretd
to, but on the'ofncers.going'to her house
the next morning "the" woman was. not to
be found. Her. attorney; ' however, later
Called 1 at the Customs-house and in her.
name paid to the officials: about ' $12,000,
which represented the duties properly
chargeable on'the jewels' and the added
penalty. \u25a0 . V .
ANvUSED-UNDER NEW
: CIVIL SERVICE ORDER
Chauft'eu r Who Passed Presi
: dent's Ca.rriag;e,Gets ; His
V ; Discharge/ :
Special Dispatch. tci The Call.
WASHINGTON," V Oct. I.— Walter '." 'B.
Evidge, -the first- man who. has "bumped
the bumps" under' the, new civil service
order promulgated bj-'the President yes
terday, Is.achauffeur.in'the" Department
of/ Labor and Commerce. ?He passed J the
President's :y: y carriage- in-. disobedience of
orders '< from I 'secret [ service f men. This
casocwas "only; one of ithejimariy which
resulted ; in .the '\u25a0: 'newj order,'; practically
every | meirtber/- of , the ' Cabinet -' having : a
c*omplaint : , to -raak« 'against - the civil»ser
vice laws -as -they now i stand.- \u25a0:
.Evidge, ' the ; chauffeur, rappears,; from
his "own story, |to have \u25a0 been * a-;vlctim of
circumstances^ .:He" didy not know, : the
President by^ sight,' did- not recognize^ the
secret service "men,;' who, were in- citizen's
clothing, * andyi thoughts their r signals ; ,to
stop were 'intended to ; warn ;him : to- pass
to the I right ; Instead \u25a0 of- the \u25a0\u25a0, lef t ': of the
President's carrlagel .- He \u25a0 was \ unaware
of what he. had' done until the*investiga
tion of. his conduct "was begun. ; :
. While 1 , the* friends; of -civil service' fear
no recession from tha strong "stand of the
present ' administration' for ; civil service,
they see in -the new> order -a possibility
thaf a "spoils" : administration ; might up
set the whole merit system If 'it chose. !
Room Thief; at ? Work.
S. F. Stalire, 806 Third street,' reported
to the • police : yesterday- that f his ; room
had been entcred^orriTuesday^during his
absence and two long, 1 gray." overcoats
BATTLE AGAINST
PRIVATE LINES
Interstate Commerce Com
mission Begins War on Ee
ii'ig'eratoi' Car Companies
WASHINGTON, Oct.; 18. — What prom
ises to extend. into a legal and legisla T
tive" battle, against private car", lines
was precipitated by the " Interstate
Commerce. Commission by/ the course
taken to-day at the beginning of the
hearing instituted to show. the connec
tion between refrigerator; car lines and
railroads. ••"\u25a0-''>-. _. ..
Counsel for the commission/directed
every effort to .brhig^out the fact
great railroad systems operating \u25a0 their
own refrigerator car lines give to their
shippers a^ much lower rate for-refriger
ation than is on roads- that
are compclled'to-operate in connection
with private car lines, i In this the:rail
roads, notably the Illinois Central and
the Pennsylvania, through -their .traffic
and freight managers, who were on the
stand the greater part of the day, ap
parently aided • the commission. '-, As -a
result there v/ere many, sharp tilts be
tween the counsel for the commission
and the attorneys for the Armour cal
lings and other private Car companies.
: The action of the commission in ini
tiating and prosecuting- the complaints
has the double purpose of establishing
its jurisdiction over private ear lines
and .correcting: the evils complained of.
The chief contest is expected to develop
on the point of jurisdiction.
FISHERY DISPUTE
XEAI* A SOLUTION
l{(»ot ami . Jmra nil Confer on
:tli(vNe\vJqiiH(Uand
Qiu^tion. ;
WASHINGTON, Oct.- 1 IS.— After a con
ference between Secretary ' Hoot and Sir
iviortime'r Durand.'-. the British Embassa
dor, lasting for. an hour and a half, it was
announced that a speedy and satisfactory
ieolution of the Gloucester-Newfoundland
fisheries controversy' was in * sight:
The facts obtained show/that, the''New
foundland inspector of revenue protection
service directed 'that American" vessels
should riot •be allowed . to I 'fish/ under
American register, oh - the ground that
they:had never, done so ' in ; the past. Prior
to this time the American- fishermen. had
bought' bait -in 'Newfoundland; under
fishing license. They ure now prevented
by. law from buying bait and the.authori
tles'lhave ..been. '.unwilling ... to permit .them
to catch herring without a • special fishing
license... ::•\u25a0-. ". ».-.-t '" %.
v Secretary Rpot informed "the Embassa
dor thaf an American register; is a ship's
highest form of .'nationality /t/ t and -carries
with it not only a license ; to trade, ibut
also. a regular, fishing .license! As soon
as this, fact ..is ..made, clear to the New
foundland authorities,, it; Is \u25a0 expected they
will : "all- pbjectiori, . Meantime
the American fishermen;" with | trie ap
prqval ..of- the State Dapartment, . have
been instructed to continue their, fishing.
Army . and < Ncvy .: Ordem.
. WASHINGTON, .Oct.r.l3.— Army or
ders: .Sergeant First., Class Ralph' E.
Gregg, Hospital Corps,: Port Ethan: Al
len, Vermont, .will be sent to' thedepot
of .. recruits .and ... casuals i .at •"\u25a0;Port;- Mc-
Dowell and will ,: then .be * sent 1 to Ma
nila on the transport .leaving; San
Francisco about November \u00846."" On ;ar
rival ,at Manila he' will -.report -to .the
commanding ' general.; of the r PhilJp'
pines division; for* assignment '-to duty.
Post •\u25a0 Co'mmissarjvv^Sergeaht .'Matthew
Demhier,;,' Philippine Islands',' "win be
sent Ho San' Francisco,; reporting* upon
his arrival UoUhe' commanding; general
of- tlie Department of California tor or
ders.i y .;•' r - : '"f""-? ' " \u25a0"' : " \u25a0'\u25a0 '.'' \u25a0"\u25a0; .-.' \u25a0;\u25a0
\u25a0 - Navy- brders4-Ensign ll* H.. Lacy will
be | detached | f rom '; /.the
when { out 'of "commission s to.. the" 'Inde
pendence r at 'the j % navy 'hA yard \u25a0 at > Mare
Island ;fAsslstantj Paymaster 1 . J.F. ' K utr
will 'be* detached {from' the- naval ' train
ing'statlon-;at- San; -Francisco- to>r the
Independence .;at"*the,-mL'yy yard at Mare
Island'as " commissary 'officer."" h X 'x-yi ~*. v
Increajtek ,HI» Employei*' Wages.
-.<FALL .RIVEP.,- Mass.V Oct... IS.— M. C.
D./Bordeh to-day,, the. -2500
operators ; of 'the. V iron - works "mills
owned* by. him • that , the,; 12 % 5 per: cent
cv 1 1 mv their {wages , would :b: be ;• restored.'
M neller ''• to • Be • Ha need.
CIIICAG O; Oct. ; 1 8.'-r:Th'6 alleged som
nambullstic . ' inurdcrer. ; ; John. 'Mueller,
was 'to-day \ sentenced to : be' hanged^ on
December jisifor, having killed his wife
anrtHwo children. \u25a0 : : \u25a0 -//"\u25a0\u25a0
LEITER LOSES
SUIT ON NOTE
Must; Pay Seventy Tlipusand
Dollars Still Due on His
•Disastrous Deal in Wheat
HE i EESISTS* PAYMENT
I*uts; Forth Argument That
It^Ranks as Gambling Debt
and Is Not Becoverable
Special Dispatch to The Call.
". NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— A verdict, in
favor -of .the plaintiff . by order of the
court ; was returned to-day by the jury
which heard the testimony before Judge
Greenbaum in the Supreme Court in the
acjion brought by William J. Zeller
against. Joseph Leiter. of Chicago to re
cover $52,021 on a promissary note made
by f Leiter to the Allen Greer & Zeller
Company, a firm started in IS9B to deal
in options of wheat. The verdict was
for ?6D,767, which included interest since
December, : 1898.
The plaintiff sued as assignee .of the
note ; from Allen Greer and the Zeller
Company. The x note was payable three
years after . date, but on December 16,
1901, was dishonored and protested.
The plaintiff alleged, that the note was
given in \ settlement of .an account run
ning 'between- the firm and Leiter, when,
acting for Leiter in his endeavor to cor
ner trie •''_ wheat market, { tney purchased
millions of. bushels of wheat.
Leiter set up the defense that under
the laws of Illinois the transactions came
within the definition of gambling and
that the amount of the note was there
fore irrecoverable. He further, alleged
that the books of the, Allen Greer & Zel
ler .Company contained" fraudulent and
fictitious entries, which made a difference
of v more- than the amount of the note.
Judge Greenbaum denied the motion to
dismiss the action on the ground that the
amount of the note could not be re
covered as a gambling debt and directed
a verdict for the full amount with in
terest. The attorneys of Leiter gave
notice ' of an appeal.
SIORFHIXE "FIEXD" SEEKS
THE LIFE OF MR. JEROME
Attempt* to Batter Dona Door of
the »w York District Attorney's
. Office. -
NEW YORK, Oct. IS. — An attempt to
batter down the door of the office ot
District Attorney Jerome was made
to-day, by Jacob Meyer, who said he
wanted to kill Jerome. Meyer was
found by the police itrying to get
through the panels and shouting that
Mr. v Jerome had failed to pay him suf
licient fees for his services as a wit
ness in. ,the "redlight" investigations
a few -years ago.
When arrested Meyer had a bottle of
morphine and a hypodermic syringe in
his possession. The police recognized
him 'as a man who testified for Xhe
prosecution against Inspector Cross,
Captain' Herlihy and Wardman Reagan
in the ."redlight district" disclosures
by Jerome. He was arraigned in Po
lice Court on'a charge of intoxication
and disorderly conduct and was sen
tenced to six months imprisonment on
Blackwells Island.
Three Murders and a Suicide.
OSKALOOSA, lowa. Oct. 18:— Harry
TvlcGlasson, who* conducted a boarding
house at Frakesville, near ,this city,
shot and killed his wife, a' five-year-old
daughter and his sister-in-law last
night." He then committed suicide.
Jealousy is said to have been the cause.
IVEW ADVERTISE3IEXTS. \
*^y OUR store, you say, is so clean a
&f fly would Hesitate to enter. Then
|W| why does your sign outside appear
as if the flies of centuries had roosted
there? Spotless within/ spotty without
It's a mighty poor; near-sighted rule. Down
isk tiie sign before it rots from its fastenings.
It is hurting you> hurting your store front
arid hurting your ' street. We can put life
into its battered old frame. Telephone
Exchange 609 this morning and we will
give you figures ori r^ainting it before sunset*
Gash or so n^caambntn.
\u25a0• .. . \u0084 " . \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•- \u25a0 - \u25a0 . - .' . '
'-\u25a0 : %'••# -'^^V i' ~'J \u25a0 IV'*H'-*.'-.'V/. " ,-]/_ \u25a0 \u25a0 ' 1 J I— i Lj |\ I
H . GEO. D..SZCK, M. D.
v Without Inconvenience
11 I make a specialty of chronic eye diseases.
g ;A large percentage of nervous breakdown Is due to eye
H ailments./ Your eyes receive the first nerve supply from
H the brain. If they are imperfect, overworked or strained,
El they, consume 5 or 6 times thdr share ot energy, and thus
11 , starve the. other brain functions. The result is nervous
81 collapse, or,' possibly, insanity, and often entire loss of
B vision, besides a host of other physical disorders. ;
II Don't/put the matter off. See me immediately. To-
n morrow may be too late.
H ' I fulfill every promise I make or refund money.
H . •";. Call and tell me all about your trouble/ If you cannot j
M call' l can treat you in your own home without any annoy-
H ance or inconvenience to you.
H Ask me for my free book. Consultation free»
I GEO, p; RICH, M. D.
H •• Eye, Ear, Noseband Throat Specialist. ;
I A 407-409-411 JAMES FLOOD BUILDING
H SAN FRANCISCO.
j^L Hours — 9 to 12 and 2to 5. Sundays, 10 to 12. a
TWO MEX 'ARE HURT
. IX AUTO ACCIDENT
Mnchlnr Turns Somersault and Pins
the Occupants Under
neath.' .
LOS ANGELES, Oct.. 17. — In an auto
mobile accident on South Main street
to-night "George A. Jones and William
Nelson of this city were seriously in
jured. "•"' The' machine, in , which were
four people,', was being driven a£ a
high rate^of speed,- and. in swerving to
dodge a- passing vehicle the automo
bile turned ! completely j over, landing
bottom-side^ up and pinning the occu
pants beneath. Jones was seriously
injured about the head, his body was
bruised and lacerated, and he was ren
dered unconscious.' Nelson sustained a
broken .arm and other injuries. The
other two occupants, including a
woman \u25a0 passenger, '. escaped uninjured.
I-'lre.Xear 1.05,-Gatos.
SAN -'"JOSE. Oct. 17.— The Haynes
Winery, near Los Gatos, was partially
destroyed 1 -by fjre this afternoon. Es
timated loss, $10,000. \u0084 .
RHODE ISLAND REPUBLICANS
RENAME GOVERNOR UTTER
Platform Declares for Protection and
• Speaks In lUch Praises of Presi
dent Roosevelt.
PROVIDENCE. R. L. Oct. 18.— A
short, harmonious State convention was
held by the Republicans here to-day
and all the present State officers were
renoxninated by acclamation. Governor
George H. Utter of Westerly heading
the ticket. The platform adopted re
affirms its indorsement of the Chicago
platform of 1901 and continues:
We rejoice in the triumaa rf th« Republi
can sarty at the do 11« one year «» and tn
the iravguratlon las- March of Theodore
r.oosevelt. who is to-day not only th« President
of tht United States, but lac foremost fl^uie cf
tno world
Th? Republican party of Rhode Island vtantfa
fjr the principles of gnSM3sSOO to Annrrircn
labor acd American Industries. No nation baa
ever knowa.such wi.lfsprca'l prosperity as the
Vnlied States has inioysd since the restoration
or the Republican party to power by McKiu
lev's election. • .
No man can build his own reputation
cut of the ruins of another's.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
USES POISON
TO END LIFE
Vblriey Ratten. Employed as
Delivery Clerk by Butch
er Firm. Kills Himself
LEAVES SHORT NOTE
Father of Rash Youth Says
Latter Was Eccentric and
Preferred to Live Alone
BERKELEY. Oct. IS.— Volney Ratten,
ajre<l 23. and employed as a delivery clerk
by I. Fischel & Co.. butchers, committed
sufcide this evening at h's room In the
Bailey block, corner of DwJght way and
Sh&ttuck avenue, us'.npr laudanum as the
paeans of suicide. His body was found
by Mrs. A. Bracken, landlady of the
house. On the table by the bed was a
note, written by Ralten on a sheet of
paper torn from a memorandum book,
reading as follows:
/'Do not put yourself out to care for
me when you find me. Just tell my
father that I must be put out of the way.
I don't care where. My father Is at
AFhby and " Shattuck avenue. Volney
Ratten— that is my right name."
Rattens father. H. 3. Ratten, resides
at ;n:6 Ashby" avenue. He said to-night
that his son chose to live elsewhere than
at home, and was constantly complaining
of bodily ills and other troubles. He de
clared that the boy never had quarreled
with any member of tho family, but pre
ferred to live alone,, being rather eccen
tric in this and other ways. The Coro
ner's office took charge of th<? body.
NEWS OF ALAMEDA COUNTY
AUTOMOBILE BREAKS ARM.— Alaffieda.
Oct. 18.— R. F. Ph«!ps, Supervisor of Manual
Trainiig In the School Department, had his
l'fr ann brokerr at the wrist Friday near
Fttmo by the crink of an automobile, which
"kick*, back."
LOOKING FOX BROTftER. — O_kl2ni, ft.
It — County Clerk Cook ha* received a .ett r
from Mr*. Mary C. Chew of Voti West Morr.e
street Chicago, asking him to assist her in
findink her brother, John Mayo, who cams
to California half a century ago.
FUXEKAL, OF PIONEER.— OJikIanJ. Oct. IS.
The funeral of Georgre C. AMrich. a pioneer
of Oakland and brother of M.bs A. F. Aldrleh.
for many year* a member ol the schoM de
partment was held this aft«raco.T from th*
family home at 1336 Myrtle stre.-t.
CHARGED WITH THEFT. — Oakland. Oct.
18 — Jamet Sugam a Junk de^Ur. w«i ar
rested to-day by Shtrlft Ba:nt on a ,hir_»
of having stolen 200 feet cf pi.c from a
btrett In FrUitvale. The ppe was .h • ir^p
e.ty of the contra Costa Wale- Company,
BANKERS ELECT OFFICERS— OikIand.
O<t. IS. — Stockholcie.s o; tt.e Bu.kers' nus:
Company to-day e.ected the following: officer*:
\V W. " Garthwaite. president: H-.cry Rg r*
and J Y. Eeelcston. vice presidents; A. E.
Caldwell treasurer; J. A. Th-roson. secretary.
BURGLAR IS ARRAIGNED.— OakIard. Oct.
18.— Edward Ciaighead. who Is chiigrd with
the burglary of a number cf houst>«_ i.i Oak
land. »a_ arraigned this morning i.: Cepa t
ment 2 of the Police C;u:t. SUarcav. Oct >-
ber 21. was set as the dat* of his p eliminarj
examination.
NEW UNIFORMS FOR GUARDSMEN.—
Alameda, Oct. 16.— CamDany G, Fifth Regi
ment of Infantry. na« been equipped with new
ktiaki campaign uniforms. On next Sunday
Company G. with Companies A and F of
Oakland, will .\u25a0articirste In battalion maneu
ver* in Pleasant Valley.
NEW POSTOFFICE QUARTERS.—Berke
ley, Oct. IS. — Am a recult of Inspector Mad
den'a report regarding the Inadequacy of the
present poetoffice quarters in Berkeley, a no
tice Inviting propoaaja to furnish new quar
ters has been forwarded to Postmaster George
Schmidt, who will publish the tame at once.
THIEF GETS NINEiT DATS.— Oakland,
Oct. IS. — H. GrUzard wno jeste.diy i.l adei
guilty to having stolen a t.umbir of fi;ver
epoons from the Southern Pac.flc Compicy,
by which he was employed a* a cook, .was
sentenced to a term of ninety days in t -.c
City Prison this morning- by Police J-dje
Samuels.
CAUGHT UNDERSIZED BASS.— Oakland.
18. — Five Italian fishermen were arrtsttd
to-day on the bay Fhore near Berkeley by
Deputy Fish Commlssyioners Thomas Woods,
Allan McDcugald ani George Woods for
catching bacs under the size prescribed by the
State game laws. The head man, M. Baii
shelri. was jailed in Oakland.
PROTEST AGAINST TRACKS.— Oak'.ard,
Oct. 18. — Protests from merchants against th©
condition and height of the ra.lroad traexfc
on Webeter street have been tiled with the
Merchants' Exchange and the matter has bee:i
called to the attent.on of th* Southern Paclfl;
Cbmpsmy. It is claimed tr.at th. tnckj ari
njuc-h above grade.
ILl_N"l__.t- CAUSES DEI_AY. — Oakland. OM.
IX. — Owing to a delay in securing th-; sig
nature of the County Clerk to the tequis t on
for the return of Henry A. Logan and Eth;l
Cook from Medford. Or., Cartiin tf Pol cc
Wilson, who will be sent t'i bring the tlop.ri
back. w_« not able to s a t for th. no- h t.:ia
morning. He will leave to-morrow morning.
YOUTH REI_EASED.^-Oakland, Oct. I>.—
Frank Smith, a youth who. with Paul" Sa a
«ette and •Fird Tracy, was accused of Fteal-.ng
a gramorhone from the home of Attorne*
George Ingraham of Fruitvale, was distnargec
by Justice of the Peace Geary to-day. 'J he
bojs had the gramophen- In their p.ss°ss . n.
but there was no corroborative evlaence aga at
them.
PHYSICIAN GUILTY OF BATTERY.—Oak
land, - Oct. 18.— Because : h« had placed his
hands an John Griffin, a boy who had beea,
injured by an automobile, while making an
examination without i>errni.Eion of the boy's
mother. Dr. W. W. Kergan was found guilty
of technical battery In the Police Court this
morning by Judge Geary. Dr. Kergan s&ye
be will a -Deal the case.
HORSEMAN ATTACKED.— OakIand. Oct.
18. — Bert McEllory. a racehorse man, was at
tacked by two thugs late last night and robbed
of $200 and a watch. He noticed two men fol
lowing him, but paid no attention to them.
At Fortieth and Market ttreet* he was struck
with a sandbag from behind. A» he lay un
conscious his valuables were taken and the
' thugs escaped.
MANY ATTEND SERVICES.— OakIand,
Oct. 18. — Many sorrowing friends this morning
attended the funeral or Jacob Greenhood, for
merly a prominent Oakland merchant. The
cervices were held at Masonic Ternule and
were conducted by C. N. Walter, master of
Oakland Lodge. Rabbi M. Friediander fol
, lowed the ritual with a snort address. The
pallbearers were: S. Samuels and H. B. Rand
•of Oakland Lodge. F. and A. M. ; D. R. Ford
and M. Barnett of Oakland Lodge of Odd Fel
, lows; J. T. Moran and George Mcsbacher.
: RUNAWAY GIRLS CAUGHT.— Oakland,
Oct. 18. — Three runaway girls were captured
*bjr the Oakland pollc_ to-day, two, Minnie Wll
. Hares and Hattie McHorter, aged respectively
16 and 14 years, having flod from the Beulah
.Home of the Salvtlipn Army.' The third.
Louise Costa, aged 17 years, ran away from
.tier home at IMS East Fourteenth strtet. The
Matter was rivtn Into th« custody of her
brother. Manuel Costa, who lives at 1011 E_6t
< Fourteenth street, and the others will be re
i-.torned to the borne. " - » \u25a0 -
WOMAN FORFEITS HER BAlL.— Alameda.
I Oct. 16 — Mrs. Alma. Neuman of Frultvale who
vu arrested for drunkenness In the City' Hall
>-«sterday. wnither she had gone to secure
warrants for the arrest of George Ohms and
- William Hendrlckson, who. she claimed, robbed
toer Sunday r.lpht of hr watch, purse and
.$4O, did not appear in the city Justice Court
to-day to answer and her baij of f6 was oe-
clered forfeited. Ko ncticn hat yet toe*n taken
toward apprehending Ohme ana Hendrlck-on
'.tor the Alleged robbery, as cic«t of the money
the woman claims was atolen has b<en re
/covered. -•'";* " ;
MARBIAGE LICENSES.— OaiUaa<S, Oct. IS
.The following tnarria.ce licenses were issued
by thfc County Clerk to-tiay: William g. James
; 24, San FrandKJO, and Florence R. Wllkin-
•on. 23. Detroit, Mich.; Albert G. "Meyer. 36
*aad Nevada W Meyer, 29. both of San Fran
-Cisco; Michael J. Crowley. 33. and Nellie Ab-
John. 23. both of San Francisco; John E Mc-
Ir.tyre, 22. Oakland, and Gladys E. Uunson,
20. Frultvale; James A. Sutton, C 9," Detroit
Mich., and Eva C. Darling. 36. Berkeley; Louis
M. P«dero6E. 28, and Sarah C. Hood, 21, both
of Oakland; James E. Wilson, 25," and Mabel
Stronir. 18, both of Pruitvale; William X;
Vtertaue. 47. and Mrs. M. Mariock.* 3S. both of
frn FrendKo; John Jacono, 21., San Fran
"\u25a0elseo," and Grace Prttcnett. 20, AJameda: Aa
tolne V. Henrique, 2S. and Clara »C. Marshall.
'32, both of pan Leandro; Sheffield Thompson,
26, Oakland, and Alice V. Gwyn, 23, Alameda;
; Dr. Rufui F. McKarJln. 27.. Oakland, and
" /ncle M. U sinter, 22, AUzneda."
UNUSUAL SKULL
SAVES ELLIS
Andrews' Blow
Could Not
Break It
Freak of Nature
Cheats Noted
Murderer.
BERKELEY, Oct. 18.— It was discovered
to-day by Dr. Allen F. Glllihan, who has
been in charge of William Ellis' case
since the latter was removed to the Roose
velt Hospital, a victim of Milton Andrews'
blow with a hammer, that Ellis' skull is
twice as thick as that of an ordinary
man.
But for this feature -of Ellis' anatomy,
Di. Gillihan declares that his patient
surely would have been killed by the
blow dealt by Milton Andrews.
Dr. Glllihan to-day measured the "but
ton." the bit of skull which was taken
from Ellis' head at the time of the opera
tion in the hospital, and found that It is
exactly twice as thick as that of the or
dinary man. Where the average man's
skull Is. but three-sixteenths of an Inch
in thickness, Ellis' skull is three-eighths
of an inch through.
A peculiar feature of the case is that
the portion ol the brain just beneath the
part that recflved the hammer stroke is
the part where center the nerves that di
rect the trunk, legs and feet of the body—
the locomotive part, in other words. Had
the blow been received by an ordinary
man, he never would have been able to
move his legs or feet. His skull would
have been crushed in at the very point
wfure the nerves direct the movements of
the lower part of the body, and he would
have been an easy victim.
. r. Gillihan said to-day:
Ellis ha* the thickest skull that I have ever
Men In a human being. In the ordinary man's
case the occipital protuberance Is the thickest
part of the skull, and near the base of tha
bT&ln is about three-quarters of an Inch
through. As the skull runs up to the peak it
becomes thinntr, and at that particular point
where Ellis received the blow, from Andrews*
hammer, which point we would call the parle-
Ul section. Jurt over the Rolando tissue, the
skull Is rarely more than three-sixteenths cf
an inch in thickness. The button which I have
removed and examined, however, is fully threo
eighihs of an inch through. The button is
cracked and broken by the blow from the ham.
rr.er, but the measurement Is exact, despite the
crack.
We know that negroes are supposed to have
very thick skulls, but of course Ellis Is not a
negro, nor has he any negro blood In him. He
simply has ar, abnormal development of the
skull at that particular point that received the
blujv from Andrews' hammer. . .
The Rolando fissure covers the convolution of
the brain where center the nerves that diw'ct
the movements of the lower limbs. Had the
skull net been of such extraordinary thickness
at thai, point the man never could have been
able to move his boJy. ana so it becomes extra
ordinary that he was able to move, to fight, to
escape, and then to walk a distance of several
blocks until rescue came to him. '
It was in treplning the parietal bone that I
took out tne button or bit of skull, which,
when examined now and measured, proves to
be of such unusual thickness.
Tte only damage done to Ellis' head wat to
the dlploe or soft bone strata between the upper
and lower surfaces of the skull. There was not
even a hemorrhage of the blood vessels of the
brain, the only loss of blood sustained being
that from the minute capillary veseels In the
dlploe. 1 operated to relieve the pressure on
the brain, there being no damage done to the
cerebelljm.
Ellis is improving so fast that he will
perhaps be out in a week. He smoked a
cigarette to-day with apparent enjoy
ment, laughed and jested over his narrow
escape from death at Andrews' hands,
and related to visitors some of his experi
ences with Andrews and the latter's
"wife." Ellis has convinced the Berkeley
police that he was merely the dupe of An
drews, and that he was to be slaughtered
when the latter became convinced that
the Australian had determined: to leave
his company.'
UNIQUE II OX OK FOR WHEELER.
BKRICELKY,, Oct. IS.— President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler has been made an
honorary metnber of the Veteran Vol
unteer Firemen's Association of Cali
fornia its the result of his work a week
ago at the head of the student body,
when the university men foug-ht the
flames which threatened the destruc
tion of the university property. Pres
ident Wheeler has been Informed of his
election to honorary membership In the
famous old fire-fighting association In
a letter sent to him by J. J. McMahon
of _S3 Jessie street, San Francisco.
The executive committee of the Asso
ciated* Students has received a check
for 550 from Frank .11. Wilson in
recognition of the wotk-of the students
in saving his property. A check for
$500 has also come to the student body
from Fire Chief Kenney. this being
half the amount sent to the fire depart
ment by Judge John Garber. whose
home at Clftremont was saved by the
students. The money will be used. In
paying physicians' bills Incurred by
students as a result of their work as
fire fighters.
STANFORD GRADUATE HONORED.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. U:~
Y. Fukuklta, a graduate of Stanford
University, has received appointment
to the United States embassy at Tokio
as official Interpreter. This is consid
ered to be one of the highest honors
that could be awarded a foreign, stu
dent. While at Stanford Fukuklta was
engaged actively in the societies of the
institution. In his undergraduate
career he was a member of the Eng
lish club, and upon graduation, was
assigned work on the Chauncey diction*
ary, which is being compiled here. In
addition to these honors the -Harvard
Club of San Francisco elected him to
the Harvard scholarship at the fa
mous Eastern seat of learning.
FORCED FROM HER HOME.
OAKLAND, Oct. 18.— -Charging that
her husband forced her from her home
and compelled her to sleep in a wood
shed without other clothing than that sne
wore and to beg food from neighbors,
Mrs. Cella A. Lendacher to-day brought
6uit for divorce from Robert Lendacher
on the ground of cruelty. . She also de
mands $100 a month alimony. ' \u25a0
Margaret C. Hoesch has received an
interlocutory decree,, of divorce * from
Henry C Hoesch on the ground of de
sertion. . ' \\ \u25a0 \u25a0 •- r
DOVS ARE ARRESTED.
BERKELEY, Oct. 18. — Frank Sulli
van, aged 15 years.. llvipg at; 1319 Dela
ware street; James- Farrell, 16 years
old, of 1216 Francisco street/and Robert
llorriss, 16 years of age. of 1314 Uni
versity avenue, were arrested to-night
by Railroad Policeman Hall and Detec
tive Jamieson and .charged with bur
glary.* The boys i) are charged , with
breaking, into , the . Santa* Fe depot and
freight cars at different times and tak
ing goods. '\u25a0"\u25a0'' ,"•""\u25a0" . '•>.'-
' \u25a0 ' r * \u25a0 ' \u25a0 ... / ' \u25a0 .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER :19§:i?05.
SAYS OFFICER
BATTERED HIM
Teamster Causes Arrest of
.Brother of the Chief
of Police of Oakland
OAKLAND, Oct. IS.— Alleging that the
policeman attacked and beat him .last
Monday morning, J. J. Heavey, a team
ster employed by 'the Merchants' Ex
press Company, this morning swore to
a camplaint charging Patrolman .\V. I.
Hodgkins, a brother of the" Chief of Po
lice, with battery.
Heavey declares that his trouble with
the policeman is the result of an old
grudge, and says that he can prove that
Hodgkins attacked him. without provo
cation.
Hodgkins declares that he struck
Heavey after the latter had attempted to
strike him, and that the teamster has
been a maker «f trouble. Hodgkins was
arrested this afternoon and was at once
released on bail. He has made a full
statement of the trouble to his superiors.
The accused patrolman told the fol
lowing story of the trouble after his
arrest:
There has been considerable trouble between
the union and non-union teamsters for some
time, and on Monday a complaint was made
to the agent at the wharf by a lady that
Heavey was usinK frightful language/* I went
to. where he was standing and told him that
ho would have to stop annoying- the other men,
and he made a profane reply, at the same time
putting up his hands to Etrlke me. I know
that he Is a dangerous man, as he was one of
the gang which assaulted Special Officer Mor
rison some time ajjo. 1 did not want to take
any chances with him, bo I knocked him down.
As soon as I had done this some of the ottler
drivers came up and asked me- not to arrest
him, as he had been punished enough, and I
consented, very foolishly; to let him go.
Heavey denies that he was using vulgar
language, abusing any one or attempting
to strike the policeman.
WEDDING OF
SOCIETY BELLE
SMART AFFAIR
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
OAKLAND. Oct. 18.— The most import: nt,
as welt as the most brilliant, society e-enl
of the week was the marriage this «tei.iu
of Miss Florence White and Moses W. Fu.touta
of New York. Since the day her te.rothat
was announced tha bride has teen tab ra c y
entertained and the members of the gmar. set,
wntre she is a favo.it:?. have antcl.aed .h:
wedding with eager inter j.t. 'ihe nuptlaU
took place In the Church o. the Advent which
has been the scene of so many smart weddin.s,
and the simple green and white ot the dtco a
tions were artistic and effective. Rev. Wi,
llam Caison Shaw offlcia.ei. aislst. d b/ R v.
Edward V. Gee of St. John's Episcopal Church.
, The bridal gown, a princ.s.* of r.ch, c.eamy
satin, was a triumph of thi dies m.ke.'s ar..
Hare laoe and roses fashioned cf sitin formed
an exqufslte garnliu • ad the \e 1 s.vept in
filmy tolds over tbe long court train. A shower
of lilies of the valley completed one of tiie
most beautiful bridal costumes of the year.
The maid of honor. Miss Marian Good.'ellow,
and the bridesmaids. Misses Clare Chabit,
Florence Hush. Flora MacDermot and Lj
cretla Burnham, were also In wh..te. their per
fect fitting princtss gowns of • satin showi.ig
a unique trimming of sliver. All wor. tin/
wreaths of pink roses with silver leave, and
carried Cecil Bruner roses.
The bride's brothtr, Iho.ntcn White w.«
best man. and the ushers were Fred Dieck
mann. Charles D. Hates Jr., Arthur GooJ
fellow and Stanley Moore. • • \u25a0 -
The ceremony at the church, which was
crowded with fashionable lr.miboth s dcs cf
the bay, was followed by a reception at tha
home on East Seventeenth street. A hu«e
marquee covered the lawn and within myr.ads
of electric lights and floral de.OTations mad>
a dining hall of fairy-like appearance.
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mis
A. L. White of East Oakland.
Viewed from his standpoint of experience In
the universities of Europe and America, Pro
fessor Henry Morfe Stephens' remarks before
the women of Ebell to-day were of much mo
ment and more than passing Interest. He
6poke of the deplorable aosence of the knowl
edge th*t is acquired by general reading and
observation and laid the blame at the home's
.hre-hold, Reading — the right kind of reading —
Is not encouraged among tne children of to
day. Children's libraries are built and fur
nished carefully with small chairs, .low tables
and ''baby food" in the way of books! Chil
dren will read real literature when they get it.
but the trend of to-day seems to be to feed the
young Idea with, as Professor Stephens say«,
baby food.
The problem of proper . foundation layin* It
an Important one and one that women must
solve, for the real education, the education ot
the mind and soul, begins at home.
Profeasor Stephens' views on the present cur
riculum of the high schools was rather Icono
clastic also. He claims tnat the boy who must
take up manual labor at Boon as he leaves
high school or college should have a different
sort or education from the boy who plans to
adopt a professional career; but no child ehouW
b« compelled to learn things that will be ab
rclutely useless to him • later and absorb time
that -might be made more -advantageous.
All In all. Professor Stephens gave his audi
tor* much food for thought, and he was listened
to with keen Interest and appreciation. .
\u25a0 While walling .'for Prof essor : Stephen* .to ar
rive on ! the scene - to-day Mrs. j Annie Oarllck
Gage read a paper on the Red Cross in London.
The members of the board, including the presi
dent. Mrs. J. B. Hume, acted as a receiving
committee u>-dny. assisted by "Mrs. Frederick
Stratton, Mrs. E. A. Heron, Mrs. F. M. Butler
Mrs. G. L. Belcher. Mrs. D.R. Rae, Mr».
Charles Woodbury and Mra. 0./ A. 'Wlllard.-
. The Homo-Club luncheon to-morrow will bo
followed by a muslcale that promises a de
lightful hour. Mrs. Olive iteed 'Cushman, the
contralto, will singr, and .several fine four-band
selections will be rendered by. Mrs. Arthur
Moore and her sister. Miss Louisa Hag-er.; Tha
hostesses will be Mrs. George 'B. Edwards, Mis»
Marietta Edwards. Mrs. Wallace Everson, Miss
Everson, Mrs. Giles Gray, : Mrs. Harry Dumont
Mrs. Edgar L. Dow and Miss Sarah Drinkwa
ter. Mrs. Murray Johnson and Mrs. J. W.
Wilcox will superintend the decorations.
1 FRUIT GROWERS MEET.
•BERKELEY;' Oct. > IS.— lnstruction in
the annual, short courses in 1 agriculture
was begun to-day, fruit; growing, being
the \u25a0 subject ". taken up: In (conjunction
with the first day's sessions of the class
was a meeting of the, State 'Association
of County Horticultural Commlssl6ners.
President Wheeler made a brief ad
dress of welcome^ to the students in this
course this morning, and Professor\Wick
son also* spoke. The commissioners wit
nessed the drilllng__of the university .? ca
dets, and inspected the attractions of the
campus. > .';\u25a0':\u25a0:. <' : "-'i _'•'"•'. ' \u25a0' '7.v *;\u25a0 \u25a0. '
.The commissioners; held a session this
evening devoted to a discussion of "Pests
of . the Year." The codlin moth, -'orange
scale and other forms of : scale, :. : with
minor pests . that disturb fruit" growers,
.were.lnformally/discussed. •\u0084(',"•>*
c \ To-morrow. -the "entire \u25a0 day. will be (de
voted to horticultural; talk and ; papers.
The fruit growing -course will , be con
tinued daily until October 31. The com
missioners make ? excursions .to va
rious ; points.' of - Interest during the meet-
Ing at the " university.'^ /* ; ••>• / .•
i PETITIONS FOR CHARTER' MEETING.—
Alameda, Oct. ! 18.-rMa.naperj John H. Ha. tog
of the Alameda; Advancement Association: is
circulating petition* \u25a0 ft t the request of President
M.'s J. •' Gorhftm of : the ; City ; Trustees ', for. the
purpose ;; of i callinsj a'- mass-meeting, of 'citizens
to^dlscuss- a proposed new \u25a0 charter.' After
enough i signatures _ shall >; have ;-: been : secured
»h- dot* of the, meeting- will be eelectej.- . :
SHOW SKELETON
TO THE JURORS
Suit for Damages Illustrated
With Battling Bones and
X-Ray Picture of Witness
INJURIES TO BE SHOWN
Fracture of the Pelvic Arch
of Thomas Ryan the Cause
of Action Against Gas Co.
OAKLAND, Oct. 18.— To show to a Jury
the -actual bone structure of a complain
ing witness, alive and on the stand,
Judge Waste adjourned this afternoon, so
that Thomas , Ryan could have an X-ray
photograph taken by Dr. Emmet" Rlx
ford at the Lane Hospital. It will be In
troduced in evidence in the morning.
Ryan is suing the "Oakland Gas. Light
and Heat Company for $25,610 for per
sonal injuries. •
Ryan was buried in a cave-in of a
trench he, was; engaged In digging, and
his pelvic bone was broken in two places.
It is alleged that the company was to
blame for not properly bracing the ditch.
A skeleton was also introduced In evi
dence to-day, so that Dr. J. O'Connor
could Illustrate his diagnosis of Ryan's
injuries, which he Fays are permanent,
and will preclude him from ever doing
any more hard work.
OFFICERS UNABLE
TO FIND WRECKER
Baffled in Their Search for
Man Who Derailed the
Owl Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Oct. 18. — The Coroner's
jury In the cases of Walter M. Cole
and H. Lon Butts, the engineer and fire
man' who. were killed in the wreck of
the . Owl train last Monday morning,
brought In a verdict o the effect that
the open switch which sent the men
to their death was turned by the hand
of some unknown party, with criminal
intent. .The officers are still diligently
searching for the wrecker, but are not
meeting: with much success.
Abraham Vandever, the man arrested
yesterday on suspicion, is still in jail,
but no direct evidence against him has
been secured. I Chief of Police White
to-day made another examination of
the footprints leading /away from the
fatal switch and was able, to follow
them for 300 yards, the marks showing
that the fellow ran the entire distance.
Henry Rhodes, 78 years old, died
from the shock of seeing the dead men
taken from the wreck. He fainted and
was carried home, where he. lay in
delirium" for thirty-six hburs, finally
dying late last night.
BLAMES .-POLICEMAN
FOE? SON'S TROUBLE
Father of Boy Under Voodoo
Spell Makes a Remark
able Charge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Oct. 18.— The father of
Jerome Collins, the colored boy alleged
to he under a voodoo spell, stated to the
Chief of Police to-day that .a patrolman
is responsible for the boy's condition. He
claims that a year ago the boy was en
gaged carrying grips at the depot where
this policeman patrolled. They had a
falling out, which was reported to the
Chief and the officer was reprimanded. A
short time afterward it/ Is alleged the pa
trolman, whose name Is withheld by the
police, engaged a traveling voodoo artist
to put the boy under a spell and go away
without removing it.
The father is now trying to sell his
home to raise money with which to hunt
the voodoo man and have the curse re
moved. Youns Collins, who fled to the
woods yesterday after a murderous at
tack on his family, was caught, to-day.
He will be recommitted to the Insane asy
lum, there to remain while the father
spends his hardearned dollars "searching
the country over to find a man whom he
believes is the only person on earth who
can cure his son.
UPTURNED SAILBOAT FOUND,
BY THE CREW OF A STEAMER
Little Craft Is Recognized as One
Rented by the Members of a
Hunting; Party.
SEATTLE, Oct. 18.— Three or per
haps four persons are believed to have
been drowned by the upsetting of \ a
sailboat on Hoods Canal yesterday
afternoon. The upturned craft was
found by - the sound steamer Perdita,
but no signs of life were visible. Post
master McComber at Brannon states
that such a boat left Fish Harbor in
the morning with three or; four-mem
bers of a hunting party on board. Their
names have not been learned.
UNUSUALLY COLD WEATHER
THROUGHOUT THE NORTHWEST
Bnow la Falling In Some Localities and
Klncr Frost Rules at Nearly
Every Point. •
Portland! Oct! -iB.f-The united
States Weather Bureau reports
usually cold 'weather throughout the
Northwest, in some places the tempera
ture being 20 degrees below zero, while
freezing weather is reported from near
ly every point.. Snow Is falling in sev
eral localities. vThe weather in this
city to-day is, the coldest in twenty
four, year at this jj season,' the mercury
indicating 32 degrees./- '
• Give Encournsenifut to | Arizona.
ADAMANA, Ariz.', Oct. 18. — The Con
gressional party, to-day /visited Flag
staff, Winslow and Holbrook. In,an;ad
dress to the pupils of the Flagstaff
Normal School, \u25a0 Congressman ; Tawney
said the . vote of the party upon • Its re
turn would be, satisfactory to both Ari
zona and : New Congressman
Adams spbke i encouragingly for single
Statehood .and- Congressman' Minor as
sured | the . citizens \ that \ Arizona , would
have the vote of Congress for.'admis
sion lna short while.
PRESENT FOR UHTIVICIISITY.
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY, , Oct.- 18. —
John Rowley of v New* York.-; a] noted
.taxidermist, - who \u25a0 was i employed ":.;7 as
chief : in that department ; at the Ameri
can ; Museum ;. of _* Natural ;J IHlstory . . at
.Washington, D, C., , has , announced that
he 4 will,, while spending,' the. winter Jin
California,^ collect, /mount -and present
to .the university -several specimens of
California'; animals. '3.The collection will
be put 5 on 'exhibition 7 in 8 the' zoology de
partments/when-completed., i :
PRISON GUARD
IS A DESERTER
Fred L.. Hatfleld, Employed
at San Quentin, Taken in
Charge hy Navy; Officials
LEFT THE WISCONSIN'
Took Freiich : Leave From
'the Warship Before Vessel
Sailed for China in 1903
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN, Oct. 18.— Warden
Tompkins lost one of his best guards
to-day and Commandant McCalla of
Mare Island Navy -Yard secured a de
serter from the man-of-war Wisconsin
in the person of Fred L. Hatfleld. War
den Tompkins received a communication
from Commandant McCalla . stating that
it_was reported to him that a deserter
named Fred Hatfield was employed at
the prison as guard and if he corre
sponded with the description inclosed to
hold him until he could send for him.
The Warden called Hatfleld to his office,
and upon being questioned by the Warden
he admitted his desertion from the Wis
consin. He was delivered to a naval
guard and to-day. taken to Mare Island.
Hatfield was honorably discharged from
the United States training ship Inde
pendence December 14, 1901. He re-enlisted
April 1L 1902, and while serving as a
third-class quartermaster on the United
States man-of-war Wisconsin deserted
April 28, 1903. . .
About eighteen months ago Hatfield was
appointed guard at the prison and. had
faithfully and \ intelligently | performed
"every duty imposed on him. He also took
an active part; in the social affairs and
had made many friends. He is about 25
years of age and a native of San Fran
cisco. He was off on his vacation when
he heard that the Wisconsin was going
to leave Seattle for China. He did not
care to go to China, so he failed to show
up and the vessel left without him. He
has a brother living at 16 Willow avenue,
San Francisco. -
CIRCLES THE GLOBE
LOOKING FOR CARGO
Captain of a French Bark
Has a Rather Peculiar
Experience. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 18.— Having
sailed entirely around the globe and half
way back in ballast and seeking a cargo,
the French bark General D'esbnls, Cap
tain M. Hemit, has arrived at Port An
geles from Hobart, Tasmania, for orders.
The trip around the globe' is said, in ship
ping circles to be a record one for a sail
ing craft, " the General Desonls having
made it in seventy-nine sailing days.
The bark left San Francisco February
18 last in ballast for Newcastle, New
South Wales, for a cargo, but finding the
going rates too low her owners ordered
her to Cape Town, South Africa; for or
ders. The Desonis left Newcastle May 17.
making Cape Town in forty-seven days.
From there she was again ordered back
to Hobart for orders by way of Cape
Horn, arriving at Hobart in seventy-nine
sailing days from the time of leaving
Newcastle, and thus circumnavigating
the globe in that time. She was then or
dered to Puget Sound, to load wheat,
reaching "Port Angeles in seventy-one
days with the ballast, taken aboard at
San Francisco eight months ago.
DIAMONDS VALUED
AT $6000 STOLEN
Thieves Make a" Successful
Baid on a Victoria
Jewelry Store.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 18. — The jew
elry store of C. E. Redfern, on Govern
ment street, was entered last night and
two trays filled with,"diamonds, valued
at $6000, were stolen. Carelessness of
store attendants, who failed to put the
diamonds in the safe and left a door
unlocked, gave the thief an opportunity
to steal tho diamonds. The robbery was
discovered 'when the store was opened
this morning. .
DISCOVERS AEW METHOD
FOR REDUCING MAGNETITE
Expert In tbe Employ of tbe United
States Geological Survey .Makes
Important Announcement
PORTLAND, Oct. 18.— David T. Day,
otilef of the mining division of the
United States Geological Survey, ' has
announced that as a result of experi
ments which have been proceeding dur
ing tho past few months a method has
been discovered for economically re
ducing the magnetite, or black sand,
vast deposits of which are found at
the mouths o( numerous rivers along
the Pacific Coast.
The black sand has long been known
to be rich in iron, but no means have
previously been devised for reducing It
economically and for that reason it has
been . commercially valueless. '{ Day
states that.the'magnetite is richer than
that found on Lake Superior and is
equal in ( every way to the .world-re
nowned Norwegian ores. In one ex
periment he ,' obtained . (583 pounds of
iron from a ton of sand. There are,
according to Day, as many as 600 places
along the coast where the sand is
found.
Magnetite, however, is not the only
result of -, the Investigations here. A
mineral 'called monozite, so known be
cause; It Is so rare, has been discovered
In large quantities within a short dis
tance ofthis city. Monozite. is largely
used in the manufacture of gas mantles,
Another mineral, known as zircon," used
in the production- of light, has also
been found f near Portland. C *
PASSENGEH LEAPS :
TO DEATH IN SEA
Prominent Honolulu Man
Jumps From the Liner
Oct.: lB.— Edward :B. Gif
fard, who. was a returning passenger on
the steamship : Sonoma," ,; which ! arrived
here to-day. Jumped overboard at 7 o'clock
last night.; He went over; the rail close
to two passengers. "An alarm was sound
ed,; life-preservers were thrown: out "and
the lvessel hove to. for two hours, but no
trace > could ;bei found -of Glffard. '\u0084
; ; Gift ard was an unmarried man/ and ' had
been spending his 'on the Pacific
Coast. -He was well known here, and. con
nected with a oromlnent family.
WILL DISCUSS
IMPROVEMENTS
Palo Alto Board of Trade
to Consider the Matter of
Municipal Tree Planting
MAY PASS,A_\ T ORDINANCE
Proposition Is Advanced to
Have Property Owners Aid
in Beautifying the Streets
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 18. — The Board of
Trade of Palo Alto will meet hero to
morrow night to discuss further the
proposed .issue of $90,000 bonds and
recommend several new improvements.
The question of municipal tree-plant
ing will . probably occupy the atten
tion of the board. This proposition is
to make it compulsory for residents to
install a given shade tree at stated
distances along the . sidewalks. The
scheme will be. in keeping with the
feeneral plans of beautifying the town.
It Is said that Alfred Scale has of
fered the town a tract of land on
which to develop desirable trees for
planting-.
FORESTERS ELECT
THEIR NEW OFFICERS
J. P. Murphy of San Francis
co Is Chosen Vice Chief
Ranger.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 18.— One of the
most important matters that came be
fore the delegates to the High Court of
the Independent Order of. Foresters to
day was the election of officers for the
ensuing year. The greatest honor that
could be conferred on a member fell to
the lot of O. G. Hopkins of Sacramento,
who was chosen high chief ranger. The
other officers elected are as follows: J.
P. Murphy of San Francisco, vice chief
ranger; O. K. Brown of San Francisco,
high secretary (re-elected); J. H. Xash
of San Mateo, high treasurer; Charles
Sickard, high counsellor, (re-elected);
J. C. Griger and A. O. Matthews, high
auditors;' Dr. Perrin of San Jose, high
physician.
During the session this afternoon
Governor George C. Pardee was intro
duced by High Chief Ranger Stewart
and was unanimously made an ' hono
rary member of the order.
EIPtE IN ALTUEAS
CAUSES HEAVY LOSS
Two Residences and Twenty-
Seven Business Houses
- Destroyed.
RENO, Nev., Oct. IS.— The entire busi
ness section of Alturas, Cal., 250 miles
north of this place, -was destroyed by
fire last night, twenty-seven business
houses and two residences being con
sumed.
The town is wholly without fire protec
tion and the people were compelled to
stand by and allow the fire to take Its
course. The loss will reach $100,000, with
but little Insurance. Two newspaper of
fices, the Republican and Plalndealer,
and the offices of the Western Union Tele
graph Company and the "Well-Fargo Ex
press Company were burned. .
Business is prostrated, as nearly every
store and business house in the city is
out of ' commission. Nevertheless, the
losers talk bravely and Indications are
that they will set about to rebilild this
time with more substantial structures.
The .Gibson drug store, which was de
stroyed, was valued at $10,000, and owned
by a brother of Dr. S. C. Gibson of
Reno. The property was not insured.
BEQUEST' THE" BECALL
OF JAMES E. SMITH
lowa Catholics Denounce a
Member of Philippine
Commission.
BURLINGTON, lowa. Oct. IS.— At the
lowa Catholic Congress in session here
to-day C. J. Sullivan, late of the Phil
ippines, denounced . General James F.
Smith, a Catholic member of the Philip
pine Commission, accusing him of work
ing against Catholic educational interests
in the islands. The congress adopted res
olutions asking President Roosevelt to re
call Smith:
General Smith went to the Philippines
as colonel of the First California Regi
ment during the war with Spain. He has
filled many important offices in the
Islands.
MOUNT HOOD HOTEL
DESTEOYED BY FIXE
Structure Outside Portland
Exposition Grounds Is
a Total Loss.
PORTLAND, Oct. 18.— The Mount Hood
Hotel, located just outside the fair
grounds, caught fire early this. morning
and was burned to the ground. The fire
communicted to two dwellings which were
also destroyed. The hotel was one of
the frame skeletons built just prior to
the opening of the exposition for the pur
pose of catering to exposition • visitors.
There were but six guests at the hotel at
the time and all escaped. The property
loss is $4500.
SECRET TEST OF 'WIRELESS
TELEPHONE BY GOVERNMENT
Instrument la to Be Used In Connection
\u25a0 With Military Kites, and la Said
to Be a Success.
SEATTLE, Oct. 18.—A secret test of a
wireless telephone for use In connec
tion; with military kites and patented
by a seventeen-year-old San Francisco
boy, is being -conducted at the Puget
Sound navy yard at Bremerton. . The
first message was, received at the yard
from a ground station located near
Fort Lawton. and is reported to have
been successful in every respect. A
box kite with a receiver and transmit
ter attached was sent up high enough
for the currents to cross an elevation
of 1000 feet without interruption..; A'
message from the Fort Lawton station
was taken perfectly by the kite, re
ceived and ; transmitted to an operator
In the yard, stationed at. the end of the
wire ; fastened to the kite. The same
success was attained in sending. At
the yard no information will be given
out j other than that . the test" Is : being
made at "the instance of "the "War De
partment.'.
BONNHEIN PRIZE
FOR STANFORD
Students of the University
Will Be Permitted This
Year to Submit Treatises
JUDGES ARE SELECTED
Those Whose Papers Are Ac
cepted Will Take Part
in the Final Discussion
Special Dispatch to Tha CalL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. IS.-
The Bonnhein prize, which for the last
few rears has been offered at tne Ur'
versity of California, win t,_ _ _>.-<;e.rc'<t i
on Stanford also IMb rear. The objects
ethicr. .:; c 5 the urti^rsity ar«
eligibia ia th« contests.
The i ->ar _ of }v<*'z?3. co«po.*ed tt -em
bers it tiu «tc__for_] faetutrj fcas c^;*
select"-:. ':..--.- Jyd_res *;:; b* r-^ufred
to pa;s on the yn;* . - as to whether they
are s'utabla for i<s# pr '.» of JZ> T»h!c's i»
granted icr wo. *<:y ,iisvnS3crlt*a ;X!:«
studeru who vr» ttutapita fa tavtoi
their paper* - .cs.tei. -*\u25a0..» ;v, .-. t,« ailoWl
to entsr 1 *o _t« ._««\u25a0_* <*!s.uazl ju «•,*
the sp* -set. a_2 crrn_..'vl«ii3 •rr e ** > "?'.*nl
the dticuceloa alio-* ttia or_r..r "?•/ru;,
minun : to t*tt f-.-Th his Ttoflf «>.'/' .in
ject. Thm ..._n_6 it:<_R«»>j -«v':i * I^-' :«..•._ ;
the best rf th* grc.-p 7S« b»t« b*_- al
lowed t< sn_r.i_9 in tnt> Ctscusitaß. and
the one <«:.c;-_ ! win In. gtvm t_»e Bcsn
heln mlzo cf J__o.
This final dsct^'^v. v*\\i do announced,
not later thaa November 20, and w_;i bo
given Ly ih« co.T.n.!:tec, eons!i«_!cis oj
Professor A. C. TCMtaker I>. E. _,__*-
sett. R. M. AlUen an_ C. A. Uuniway.
The prize is due to the benevolence ol
Albert Bonnhein of Sacramento, and is
offered for competition at the Stanford
University for the first time this year.
The subject which naa been given out
and which will be discussed la "The Eth
ics of Monopolistic Control of Industry."
The conditions require that the manu
script be typewritten and to have some
mark of identification, but not to contain
the name of the writer. No specified
limit is placed on the length of the
treatise.
SUES FOR AN ACCOUNTING.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 18. — A. H. Buhno
of Eureka. Cal., has filed suit against
L. A. Lancel. Henry Jepsen, H. P.
Wood. Andrew Christleson, Mrs. H. P.
Christieson, F. H. Glb3on, F. O. Sl
rard, E. S. Rake. G. R. Gibson. W. P.
Pratt, Christine Lancel and the Pio
neer Mill and Lumber Company to
secure an accounting and to have the
court declare the sale of 3500 shares
of the Central Hardware and Supply
Company of San Francisco declared
null and void.
SALOON OPENING PREVENTED.
MAYFIELD, Oct. 18. — The attempts
to start a saloon on the San Jose road,
east of here, have been prevented by
the lack of signatures of residents nec
essary for a permit. The business men
viewed with alarm the project. The
prevailing high license of $1000 a year
on the liquor traffic has not prevented
the attempted opening of saloons out
side tbe corporate limits of this place.
WEDDING AT PALO ALTO.
PALO ALTO, Oct. IS.— Misa Clara
Page and John Spirey were married
here last night, the wedding culminat
ing a romance bearun In Yosemite Val
ley this summer.
The bride Is an accomplished young
lady and has many friends here. Spirey
Is engaged in business herd. The
couple met first in the Yosemite last
summer.
\u25a0 « \u25a0 : _^i- #i
HOUSES TO BE NUMBERED.
\u25a0 REDWOOD CITY. Oct. IS.— The local
Board of Trade asks that steps be taken
by tha City Council to have numbers
placed on all residences and that street
signs be posted in conspicuous places.
The town has grown so rapidly of late
that business men find It extremely dif
ficult to locate the newcomers and
much confusion is the result.
GIVEN A FAMILY ALLOWANCE.
REDWODD CITY. Oct. 18. — Superior
Judgeßuck has granted the petition of
Mrs. Josephine Preston for a family
allowance of $1500 a month. The court
order dates from July 25. when the
inventory and appraisement, fixing the
value of the estate at more than
$350,000, was filed.
TWO RATTLESNAKES KILLED.
GLEX ELLEN. Oct. IS. — Two rattle
snakes were killed on the Woods place
near here yesterday. The lartrest meas
ured 2 feet 5 inches. The Larger snaka
had seven buttons.
TO GIVE CONCERT.
PALO ALTO. Oct. IS.— EUery"* Italian
Band will give a public concert hers
i\cxt Tuesday evening:. An extensive
programme will be rendered...
RESULTS COUNT:'
In the selection of a medicine to re-
store your appetite, steady tbe nerves-
promote sound sleep* and make you well
again you should choose one that has
a record -of such cures back of tt. Then
your choice must* be the famous
_^i__iPti^i*x_>^ DlliCro.
- --<Rr_..,,_**w\ We have :e-
/_X*?il STQMAPW \ celved letter*
fenjNlf r^TTTTWTvJr^. from thousands oJ
§7Y^]&l*-*-EJRS> people who have
__«£_*! S^-Xj^Skv taking the Bitters
E£gp3l B&MK|j§^ when other reme-
every aick man
-^ ' . and woman.
[CAR^S! CTIHE S . ICK HEADACHE. . -.
3|piTTiE Genuine Must Bear
w IV ER . Fao-Simile Signature
|f PILLS. *\u0084
liH-J 1 yj%_g_-_^j_-^ySEEKS COIN
FOR BOUNTY
SWINDLERS
Woman Appeals in Tain to
Ernest Wagner, the New
Yorker Who Sold the Pelts
to Coyote Claims Gang
DECLARES FURRIER
SHOULD GIVE HELP
Eastern Suspect ?nj^ His
T? pw * used
and
Wife^ 'ale
. 'h* asiiiJessUri f\.r C<. /• of
\u25a0 \u25a0 ' - ' - r --ii»rs, have » /• -i . ra
'\u25a0crxc .y.r£ with t>/ \u25a0 *d
- — H'ts^f, •/.- a; ,-.ie
-• i • fciresrt tt> Ball ikk<
\u25a0 v- V:-.:. c^.;!iili •
v - ' -i-uicli /ifcow. tt i«
\u25a0• - -\u25a0 ssctj ;ian* ot tli« Ew.n-fliag
- : \u25a0?;\u2666•}' Bfirr»ces in The Caii
---.., Mi~ R!gg]e-.»Tirr«r.o«.-i i j^s
\u25a0 :-n rf.tiie ocrrMpond£oce V!tTre«n
\u25a0V; =.-•»#.- 4nd Rcpsby, a6r.w>!:-;iv. in
\u25a0- •\u25a0'\u25a0"•I "\u25a0. ! hcj:: fav«,i<r hus
- &r< \u25a0— _icis spouse from
3 -^lihpent for their part In the
ereui rwlr-dlc. Mrs. Riggle. who con
ducts an Edd /-street lodging-house, gave
further details yesterday of her battle in
beh.-Jf of the Imprisoned men. She re
*JP* story of her secret Journey to
York, where ehe sought to enlist
the services an<3 the financial support of
Wagner la the struggle against the pros
ecuting offlcers of Utah. Mrs. Rlggle
ttrfolded th« c 1c 1 rctimstances of h<r inter
view with the : srrier, of his conferences
with attorney? and of his final refusal to
Klve her the help ehe had beggtd.
Although there was a suspicion that
the woman had an ulterior purpose in
meeting Wagner, and that she might be
charged with having attempted to coerce
Wagner into furnishing the money the
arrested pair required for bail and the
expenses of a defense. Mrs. Rlggle de
nied that she had used any threats or
had done anything that could savor of
blackmail. She insisted that the sub
ject of the alleged Incriminating letters
was not mentioned by herself, though
"Wagner, she asserts, did ask whether
any of his correspondence with Rumsby
was in existence.
"But I evaded the question," said Mrs.
Riggle, "because I had been instructed
not to give Wagner any Information ex
cept such as related to the arrest and
the present condition of the cases."
ADMITS lIVSIXESS DEALINGS.
Wagr.er, it is said, does not deny that
he had business dealingß with Rumsby.
but his contention is that his part in. the
transactions was wholly that of a mer
chant selling his wares to a customer
\u25a0who paid cash for them. His explanation
is that two years ago Rumsby went to
him with a story that he was a taxi
dermist ar.d desired to purchase various
wild animal peits for professional pur
poses. Then, according to the furrier's
tale, the shipments were made to desig
nated places in the West, under Rums
by's directions.
The letters that passed between the
m<?n show, according to Mrs. Riggle's In
formation, a closer connection than Wag
ner -would admit. But the woman in
sists she did not learn, even in a most
g-er.eral way, the tenor of the documents
cstil after they had passed to the Utah
officers and had been read by them.
The Eastern journey was made late in
AufruEt, and was taken at the earnest
request of Rumsby, thrcugh the gang's
attorney. H. E. Booth of Sa:t Lake. In
her own words tbe story of the trip fol
lows:
Ecme tiro* alter my husband's and «?n-in-
Ifj s arrest, I received a Iftter from Kumsby
trklr.g me to go East. cc« Wagner and b%g
him to come to their relief. Rumsby *rrot«
tfc«t things were In very bad shape and he
felt that V&gr.e.r ehould help cut. The prln
' \i.\ requeet was for bonds. Humsby told m«
to tell Wapner that if he could only be freed.
tie would work the re«l of his life to repay
Werner. Oat of my own pocket I paid my
railroad passage and went on U Xew York.
On ray arrival I -went to Wacner's plac» of
business, the firm being: Erx.ert Waener *
00., 45 university place- H« received me nice
ly and I B»ve him rcy message. It was simply
that he should cet bail for F.umsby and my
husband. I toM him »lmt the men were with
out a dollar, that they were In a bad way and
that they bellertd ne «l>ould come to the front.
vr**ner, who la a very deliberate man In con
nertatlon. replied that he could do nothlne
Bsa WBc3 <^> km Mti wi ft c£3
KIM __P1 BB S3 Ba wB B mJ
wSSM E*u& vS m HW B9 Boa
Ababy who frets, worries, or
cries, or sleeps poorly is prob-
ably poorly nourished, unless
there is actual disease. Mellin't
Food provides plenty of good nourish-
nent ; easily digestible, and does away
rith all fretting and crying. Try Md-
ia's Food ; we will scad you a sample.
lellin'c Food It the ONLY Infants*
roeft, which received the Grand Prize,
he highest award ef the Louisiana Pur*
chate Exposition, St. Lc vis, 1904. lllsh-
tr than a told medaL
m MELLIN'S FOOD CO^ BOSTON. MASS.
I
F^REE! f^REE!
AT TIII3 OWL DIll'G'CO, 112S MAR-
KET ST.. S. F« A «.00 BOTTLE OF
CASEY'S RHEUMATISM CURE
The world* latest remedy. It rarely fails be-
cause It supplle* the blood with necessary sub-
stances to dlssoli'e and remove tbe Doison of
rheumatism — uric add. This new and wonder-
Tul cure has ft late be«n discovered by a Gov-
•rnmrnt physician, bsuff manu acrnred ty
Ihe John H. Casey Med. Co.. Spokane. Wash.
Only a * f w 'ree bottles left. Cut out th| s ad.
and send (with Dame and address) to John H.
Caney. Ban Frenclsco, General Delivery.- and
I will «end yon a written order for : the ' free
bolUe. Bend at osce while lt'e tree.
"CARMEN" FAILS
AT THE TIVOLI
Large Audience Hears Poor
Singing, Conductor Is Bad
and Rehearsals Are Needed
Mlfes COLMAN CLEVER
Debutante Gives Promise
of Noble Work, Having
a Sweet, Trained Voice
The worst performance of the season,
end the decidedly promising debut of Miss
Alice Colman In the name role, Is the
chief news of last night's "Carmen" at
the Tlvoll.
The Interest naturally went chiefly Miss
Colman's way, to the daring young
woman who follows Collamarini in a iole
in which San Francisco looked twice at
Calve after hearing Its Collamarini. It
was also Polacco's first "Carmen" here.
Good it was not from any side, only in
Infrequent spots, these chiefly Coppola's,
Miss Colman's and again Maestro Dado's,
splendidly wasted on Zuniga. There
should be a prompter. One has felt this
not seldom, and last night the need was
strenuous. The opera was not sufficiently
rehearsed, and Polacco's long-distance
prompting was distinctly disturbing. It
is, too. a distinctly unwise tax upon the
conductor's powers, particularly upon a
conductor of Polacco's make-up, passion
ately desirous of perfection. One side or
the other of the work is bound to suffer,
and the orchestral side suffered last
night. Naturally we were expecting
much. "We know the opera so well here,
and were expecting from Polacco another
if his illumined readings. But it was one
if the least interesting performances of
"Carmen" recently given here, and all by
reason— apparently— of Insufficient re
hearsal.
While one is a-grumbllng it is well to
enter another protest concerning the
lights round the proscenium arch. The
Illusion of yet another moonlight scene
went smash through these incongruous
incandescents last night. Moreover, they
are distinctly damaging to the eyes of
the audience.
Now, hp to Miss Colman's Carmen,
which a Tetrazzini limit in audiences
came to greet. It was my first Carmen
debut, but Miss Coleman strikes me as
a very promising debutante. She has re
markable poise— though she is "overbusy"
in gesture— audacity, grace, dramatic in
stinct and a voice. Miss Colman's voice
is not quite equal to the climaxes nor of
any particular distinction, but it is quite
sweet and round. Her fortes are rather
forced, her mezza voces sometimes quite
lost in the orchestral deeps, but Miss
Colman occasionally does some very
pretty singing. Her pitch Is charmingly
true one remembers with much pleasure.
Petulant rather than passionate on the
acting side her Carmen not seldom is, but
as a whole it is surprisingly good. The
dance was of Miss Colman's cleverest
work, and the little duet following was
charmingly eung. Also, had the rest
known their parts in the same thorough
fashion that this young woman showed
she knew hers, the performance would
have been considerably livelier.
Coppola, as usual, had spiendid moments
as Don Jose, with — as usual again — inex
plicable sags between. He did some de
lightful singing, and made a very hand
some picture. Moreo was the Toreador,
and out of It. He has not the heroic
value of voice requisite for the singing of
the role, and neither did he bring his
usual dash and gusto to the part. The
cast went lame again on its Mlchacla.
Miss Tied, who looked pretty as a pic
ture, had her very worst tremolo with
her last nlgat. Grand old Dado brought
benevolence and some big. beautiful notes
to the score as Zuniga, and Lucchlno and
Holmes were apologetic as Frasquita and
Mercedes. It is only fair to say that the
quintette with these, Tlcci, and Signors
Teddy Webb and Cervi went wonderfully
well. But there will have to be work be
tween now and Saturday to pull "Car
men" up to current Tlvoll levels.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
without consulting: his atto n?y. Hi wanted
me to go with him. but I refused, as Attorney
Booth had instructed me to say nothing about
the case except to Wavner. He did have a
conference and his attorney, so Wagner told
me, advised Wagner to have nothing to do with
the case. Wagner said he could tiot afford to
get mixed up in the affair.
INQUIRES ABOUT BETTERS.
During our conveißatlon Wagrer askel me
whether any of his letters to Ilumsby were
around. I evaded a reply. He seeint.d to bs
disturbed about them. But after his decision,
he treated me very nicely. With his wife he
took me en several sight-seeing trips to Coney
Island and other interesting places near the
city. An I departed on my return to Cali
fornia, Wagner insisted I should write to him
and keep him informed about the case.
Wagner heard nothing from me. because I
had been directed by Booth to write nothing.
Evidently Wagner did not like this, lor he
wrote me a few / weeks ago to know why I
had not written.*
Wagner's letter to Mrs. Riggle follows:
NEW YORK. Sept. 25. 1005.
Mrs. Mary Riggle.
Dear Madam: It Is quite strange we have
not heard from you, as you promised you would
write when you left New . York. We have
treated you as eooti at we could, and think
you should appreciate this and think you
should let us know. \u25a0 Hoping to hear from
yua t.y return mall, we remain respectfully
yours. ERNEST WAGNER & CO.
Continuing her narrative, Sirs. Riggle
said:
J iSI ••. 'iy.' Si'
That letter shows we were on- rood terms
and If I had tried to do any blackmailing
\u25a0Warner would not have went me such a note.
80 far as those Wanner letter* are concerned
I do net care what is done with them no long
a* my husband and my son-i!i-law t'* fr«e or
ar« let oft with a Ug-ht s«u«»n.-<». I heard
Booth and the Utah Sheriff who t,-ot thorn nay
tsicy were conclusive of Warner's relations
with Rumsby and were ev-.a mere lm](ortai»t
thun my *on-in-law had lndlcßt«J f> the pzvte
cutm; office™. ?3ut all that Is .1 m.ut;r for
the officers, and not for nie. I hay*> done the
bc*t I ccul • to win or folks' fr*ertnm
Mrs. Riggle said Wagner was a wealthy
man and had very wealthy relatives in
New York.
In an effort, to explain what had be
come of the money said to have been
made by the gang. Mrs. Rlggle said she
could only think it had been squan
dered by her husband and had been
spent in high living and travel by her son
in-law. She declared Rumsby, who has
relatives in England, traveled over
Europe with his wife and lived In the
best of style for months. Mrs. Riggle
thought he had made his money In live
stock transactions.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— Ernest Wagner,
furrier, denies all knowledge of either
Mr. or Mrs. Rlggle, and says he has
had no communication with them. He
says the only party he had any dealings
with was Rumsby and that possibly
some of the letters he wrote Rumsby In
answer to inquiries about the purchase
of more wolf and wildcat skins fell Into
other hands.
"Any letters that I may have written,"
said he, "were of a business nature.
They were not at all incriminating, and
I have no fear of prosecution. I know
nothing of any blackmailing threats.
"The skins in question were wolf skins
and a few of wildcats,, and as nearly as
I can remember, . for it has been. about
two years, the whole lot did not amount
to over. $20. This Mr. Rumsby came Into
my place of business - and bought the
skins, telling me *he was a taxidermist
and wanted .to use \u25a0 them to patch other
and more valuable . furs. I sold ; them •to
him Just as I would to any. other pur
chaser, without knowing or caring what
they were really intended for. This ; Mr."
Rumsby was then.on his way to Europe;
and I have not seen him since."
THE; SAN- FRANGISGO^GALL;; THURSDAY^; OCTOBER 19..: 1905.
§ r ? y This is not a "clearance" sale nor a -sale made up of odds and ends usually "left
p^^FffWf'^W^SS!^^ any means. Every piece c fM^M^PiMHMi
l'\'-'fjs':¥:'-'ti^ constitutes a closing out purchase of fall andwinic >— : /.*/.; i|ip^:\^: ; v *vV:
I •<' Eastern factories, iust shut down for the season. The k '.\':'\- \u25a0'\u25a0'^^^M^-'i '•'''.':'•{:\u25a0'
fillilLi^Lijl^J^^^^ was big, butthe prices were ridiculously low. Take careful note of these bargains: \ ';.; >*;'.; '. ,(^p^isi§^. : ;' ;.**.' >V;- v
|^^Sa<^fe^ Men's Suits, $12A5 Men's $12.50 Suits, $8.85 * ffl. . :/' "H^^ /•'' '•' -^
H; \u25a0:.."\u25a0".•.\u25a0.:•.';*\u25a0\u25a0 ''\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0• "''-t\ ***£&£'• " Strictly all- pureWorstedsi fine- Cassimeres and nobby All .wool Cheviot and Cassimere Suits in this sea- *****»**-V2L nf* ••"*"* ";"• •"*•** "
h \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0-*>V'' : \'^*- .-. r iA'\, :^ss&.'y>- I Scotches/: in'single'and;. double breasted coats. In son's latest styles, and colors; single and double" •****•.* *V» sJ[i~\u0094 •'•;}'•'''};•\u25a0'
B- ."./ .". • '\ •','.; '\-^j^^^j^^r : l-:'i-'' all'the latest faH'cdlorings, gray and brownish mix- breasted coats in the new gray and brown mix- '' ~*'.\ *\^&Si$ r/\V''''*'•'''\'~~r /\V ''''*'•' ''\'~~
M " " .*/_ * /^rtffj^SSw^ 1 Iw^rif^Llk:^"-'- B "'^'- ture ?»- a l so "^ ; dark,^mixtures ; "in \u25a0 strioes. checks tures in stripes, checks and overplaids. The coats I *.'.*.*•*'»• ;^PyLA-''* ** »»*-' *-
l"- : '*>!^- :^- :^-^ and avcrplaids;'/. The linings and trimmings are are cut with broad padded shoulders, have snug- ." V*/**vflTfrVtt|»!*t^** •.*•**
i^ : -^v'^W-^^l^-;-'A y/^^k ; theverv best, being Venetian and Scrsje; the coats fitting collars and shape- -_ -^ __ \u25a0~*''^g^\J[ M*f£*&s^i :: '
W:\'s#'<-:s&£\:s!!^ and retaining fronts. Sold every- £T O Ol '\u25a0^^^^^m^^^^'^^
l.':^^. : -'^4 l .v;^^ __ where at $12.50. Our special 7^/% j%
l-'^Sii^^P^^P^^ ' : \u25a0:Newifall^stv[es-»tHit> arc^ -f *%,hE price during thii sale " "'• 4^^ #^^
iTfe-^^^vM^^^^^^^^^^S - : :^ al^ p"ce ; .^ v ::.:^:..:.;.-v j^^^ #Tr^J^ , " Blue Serge Suits, $8.85 M^^^^^^^^w-i^M
iti'o-'^-\^iU'M:^m^m^^Si v Lrinn Overrnats $15 tn Sf7 'M Valnex $1? US Sinzle breasted Blue Serge Suits, good heavy weight, - '^^ffi^^^%/.:^^^ :/ &&l9
B^'- v '' :i - r -^^:-^'Q-i#^®^|K /!;-i""ffV" cr VV^'f\f.*?,-'9;*f«.-y.V VaiUeS, Vlt.tD all pure worsted and fast co lors; made uo in first- M^l J P^":>V^\''-'-iV.V.^^ : -^^M
gi;^V.: .'.^ 52 inches lone. -in. class shape and nicely finished. _ ___ t^Z&-&^'&/:\^^V.^^jKfti^S^a
t^#f^ : ' ; ;-iIRKi V ' ' bl3cks ' Oxford grays ;and fancy: Cheviots, in plaids This is as good a serge suit ££ G C? C m^^^'^-^^W^^^^^
»;>;.^^vj!^'^^ as can be bought ahvwliere nfl \u25a0 •^y^'i»wV:;<:V;^\>^-"-:^::iJK{^ '
M\M^^% ::^o^&^§^'^^ dcr '' have hand-felled. snug-fittihg collars '\u25a0and cen- at $12.50. Our special salcfcl?V#V^ f&^&m*^ >.?&&? ' %s%&s&?
|v;S.-." : -:V»iM^^^S will \u25a0 not .sag: linings price v ...^ S^^^^Ks9S^'
i:^i-V-V-i :^i-V-V- : %V^^^^Pl^-^I- the very best: some belted \u25a0\u25a0' , _ _ _ Dt , i... . c \u0084 ffo or : -'W^^C^BS^^- •" '
I:^M^lM^^S^Mfe^?' others plain; velvet, tf' 44% "J4 jT I ' Black Thibet Suits, $8.85
U-'M&)lf:-M$^^^^ B \& *& Strictly all-wool Black Thibets, "Reliance Mills." :^" : ''
i" : :^^ :: ' : ;^ll^^' ;; v^^^ * 15 ' 001 ? l6 'so:and $17.50 J^' <& » jf^ .guaranteed fast color; cut with broad shoulders, : f»«til«sP^M^
l: //^^£j£^^ serge-lined and finished with -warranted "keen- '•''^M}'^^^ X M^- : ': : ->y : '^o[- • '
l^Mm^^^^mK , n R l™ rkabl * Pouter Special iTJ^S"^]" '£& M& C ;^^RK^SiS-V
l^^^^^^^^^pli^^^ii^n^ii^ ?!i:^ lv i s to i;;ciaT tra good &P*o° y-^mmmm
iir±l^o^Wt^^^^m^ : -Trousers in our entire stock of over 800 $ '--° tf Jo en /? *'lV V CR fIC • ' :^S^M^^i^M^-
H- ? : r?:ffi* : -'--:r:W3tt^ pairs _of neat -striped \Vorsteds, Cassimeres- $12.50 Overcoat Values, jO.OD '/•''-M^^i^^^^'-'^'
1\ •^V^^A^**:'."-'.'.-.".'®^ "^^-^^ p^S?>^|'-." : W . an^ fancy Scotch Cheviots, in light, medium All-wool Oxford gray and black Cheviot Box Over- -; '•M : : : '' y >%^k^^f~- :^^ •••"•
i •."\u25a0•" •."•>\u25a0 :W-V? r^.--' 'S.WM \u25a0&y''^-''?r.': : :'- n ! ld dar k colors. Every pair is made of ser- | coats, cut 42 inches long, lined with good serge. ."•\ i^ : "V:X-A-^a'^:t-:" : *- i ?^*V ."""\u25a0"
\u25a0 f&^i^-"."**^***^^^::-'^-.^^ v"v>-"i^"." : *--*-'- : -**-" VfrjW?':.'. j'\u25a0 v ' cca hle woolens that _^ ™ £*±* \u25a0 y and have' satin sleeve linings and velvet collars; a ;.;• jS'---V:-*^'g v-'Vi^t'.:**^^ -.•/.-
U\ '.•'"•'•'^ 'W^'^^^rr :: ':' :^>^ are thoroughly- shrunk: fr f^| MB nice, dressy medium weight W» /T> OF"' *.* : * : lw^V?^'sK^*^i^'*'^M»- i -'
BiV,-\'ri>^;^*X % "*S(^i:iV:/?^: ••;^v.':-V and slik sewed .through- # MM: | coat that is suitable for any yL J% :*• •^• i :t:S^ \u25a0d-"?v^'.'.-^-":-
t''- : '-Ss':.-&)$:£W&t> : -'l'^ : - : \ ff-I'.'-.'-.'-'.' out; SIZCS to fit a »y. on e. SAfOxa 9A & I " occasion: extra good $1200 yJ\J*KJtS .V i.S''-""-"-'^* : jS •V^v^'J.-Wf: i I '•
H./. \\-\')f;'.sy.-£:Wfjti :.y: .y ..l.-.- f : -}^ii'i'''" : Oiie day. only.; the -pair. ?:,^f%; value. Special during this, sale ' • .*•;* ' *•**•"•
lfe?^i Vests, Thursday Only, $1.50 Cravenette Rainproof Overcoats, $8.85 • : :^^^li^KS^:
B-"-. •.•*"."•\u25a0"• •\u25a0•'\u25a0* : .:'.'c?---'^'.^' '*."•-*•'\u25a0!•'••' f&£:':-r Choice, of any of our $2.50 Fancy Vests Three styles in strictly all-wool Cheviots, in gray, \u25a0•**"^- : :^ v -^|- : -^v^^^?3"'?---
H*. '."•-. •".*"• '::i; •'!::£) '•*•*'"\u25a0>.*• ,*••*• in Cheviots. , Piques, /, Linens, Madras or .Oxford and brown mixed. They come in pretty • -;. :
\u25a0 t^ #^s?-V r^^^^^Kt^t*^^-" fi|ti\§L' fects.in all ; the latest . '' ' ' 52 inches long, and "^V.^>3^T^*r/.»v>i"'*^^^3-/;-'
I ' ' • ••'.:*•: : J^^l^ Vi M^:^^ : - { M \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0'•\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• '**'iH"j!'-''im \u25a0^•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'"' Cl> alwa T j RELIABLE I ottere |;::Vj^^:* ;^;::.; : .;;!fe!^^. : .:-; : '.
i fifc^ ' : $130 l|l ; II? MAitKET&doNEssn $8.85 Vr lf ~. — w^
I^^^^^ CMR£ C 2_S™LES>PH* FECT FINISH RND FIT GURRAN J^ W ,
ADAM MOWAT
PASSES AWAY AT
FRESNO HOME
FRESNO, Oct. 18— Adam Mowat.
manager of the Pacific .Coast Seeded
Raisin Company, died, this morning of
peritonitis. Mowat was one of the be3t
known business men in the San Joa
quin Valley, particularly, in raisin cul
ture.
Death of a. Pioneer. Woman.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. IS.— -Mrs. Sarah
Thompson Hule, widow of Dr. •W. H.
Huie, died this morning at her home on
Forbes avenue, in this city. , She came
to California in 1850 and was one of
the pioneer women._' She leaves two
daughters and four sons. ' •'.
Dies After a Lonsr.lllnesa.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 18.— Edward S. Gup
py, a member of the stationery firm of
E. H. Guppy &Son, died this morning
after an illness of several months. He
was a native of 'lllinois and 45 years of
age. - ;.
Well-KnoWn Sacrunifutan l)iri>.
Sacramento; Oct.; is.— Charles c.
Spencer, for many years route agent
for the Sacramento Union, died sud
denly to-day. .' . "\u25a0;' .-.
BKEF COMIII.VE IS NOT
IS RESTRAINT OF TRADE
Federal Judge Sustain* a Portion -of
the Demurrer ; of the
Packers.
CHICAGO. O<t. 18.— Federal Judgo
J. Otis Humphrey to-day gave a' de
cision on the. demurrer, of the meat
packers, charged with Illegal conspir
acy. He overruled the' portion of the
demurrer in which the packers attack
ed the odd-numbered '-counts,' charging
conspiracy in restraint of trade. The
demurrer to the even-numbered counts,
charging monopoly, was sustained. S
ELECTED TO THE HONORARY
THIRTY-THIRD DEGREE
California Knlebti. Commander of the
Court ol Honor, Scottish Rtte
Hoftonn, Advanced.' \u25a0 *
WASHINGTON, Oct. g 18.--The Su
preme Council for the ; Southern Juris
diction, Scottish , Rite j Masons, ;.to-day
considered the report -of the : committee
on nominations*, After a . few hours'
session the council adjourned -until to
morrow. Among .knights . commander
of the Court ot'Hondr who were elect
ed to the honorary : thirty- third* degree
were the following: > \u25a0<.
California— Joseph iDavid I Abraham*, Robert
Kneeland Dunn, William .Parker Fillmore, all
of San Francisco; John, Martin,' William Schuy
ler Moees Morris Simlnoff. . Frank Chester Van
Schack, Perry -Wlnslow WeMner: and William
Rhodes Homey, Los -'Angeles. -._.-. v . V
Hawaii — Joshua Daniel Tucker,- Honolulu.
vThere were 228> knights /commander
of the Court of Honor' elected,^"Admiral
Schley and former" Governor . Alva
Adams of Colorado t belng; among the
number. , »-'; ; -\u25a0 . \u25a0 ,<?\.\;r "":'•.-"
The council to-day r adopted- Uhe re
port of the comjnittee "on jurisprudence
as to the ; definition ,ot^citizenship, re
quiring i members to be, citizens; of \u25a0 the
United States. . '^:A}: ; A ;- v ". iV : ' '"'i: -'*"'\u25a0 '
"The Atchlson, -Topeka. and Santa ; ;Fe Rail
way famous California-} limited >tralnV. three
daya to Chicago,'/leaves_'Moridaystand^Thurs
days. This train < carries f.the latest, stylo .of
Pullman : care, " observation', car, ? ; library sand
splendid dlnlnr • car; service."' Train' ( Is electric
lighted throughout.. > For .: farther, Information
apply t«> **•'" W.* 1 Prince, » city ; ticket • agent. 653
Market street. B^niTjanclE.co.^Cal.:-^. •
Bnrslara ' at Work •In 'Salinas.
. SALINAS. Oct. ; 18.— Two ;/ biireTlaries
were ; committed; in, this-.cltylast^ night.
The \u25a0 meat : market •of T ';-Pred ;> McCollum
was entered earl jr } in ; the ,- evening ! and.
$30, and a revolver.'- taken. I- Later t, the
Farmers* '\u25a0\u25a0'. Mercantile y{ Company ..;. V store
was broken' into- and .property -valued
at $400, consisting, of^fevolvers^ knives,
razors and cutlery.Vwas^carrled'onV ; *;» \u25a0«,-;
PLACES BLAME
ON MATERIALS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. VALLEJO. Oct. .18.— The court-mar
tial of Commander Lucien Young, of the
Bennlngton at the Mare" Island Navy
Yard furnished another sensation to
day. _ It came during the testimony of
Commander G. B. Ransom, who , was
called ac an .expert witness by the de
fense. Ransom had been sent to San
Diego from Mare-, lsland immediately
lifter' the explosion and examined the
wrecked ship. He stated that in his
opinion the disaster was caused by de
fective materials. He found . that the
rivets of the furnace were 'entirely- too
thin and said that, in his report , to. the
Navy -Department he had recommended
that the rivets in the furnaces, of. tho
naval wsscls be: made ; thicker and
heavier. ./ ;\u25a0 •"•... i - ' ' '- ....•'\u25a0\u25a0
.When Ransom: testified- that i^ his
opinion the. furnaces of the transport
Solaco.wereinan unsafe'cqnditlon and
that a repetition of thu.Bonhington dis
aster might. have* occurred the- members
of., the ' croiirt-xnartial, . especiaJly •. Cap
tain J. H. Bull, the, former'commaridlng
officer; of the ; Solace, 'who Is now-, a
member of, the court, became very much
interested In the" testimony. The Solace
has.. b'eeu placed;- out ;of<. commission
sinc«;the Behnington disaster, ; and the
transport .Law ion, on which-' the ".''offl
cers and men refused- to, sail' after her
recent examination attlie navy yard,: is
riow undergoing repairs to her- boilers
and furnaces that will cost $15,000. Ran
som stated that in his opinion the dis
tortions found , 0n ... the/ boilers of the
Bennington were- not caused' by over
pressure. •;' .(;' ; hj":
v, J HANSOM HELPS YOONO.'
* Ransom is . the^ head. 'of 'the'etiglneer-
Ing^department-at- the^: Mare—lsland
N'avjrTardi'. and> in reply.-toi a question
intending ; to bring , out ;hls : fitness to
testify jas an expert J Ransom . stated
that *he had had thirty-four 'years' en
g(ne"erln"g "experteiVce*ln"thernavy.' His
experience; had;;; extended, .to \u0084--diity
aboard Vruislng ; ships and"at ';\u25a0 various
navy ; yards.; He. had /, served; • ti6' in-
Structor, in^englneerlnK^ at,, the j Naval
Acaderhy^for.threejyears and.a similar
tefm t at;the v Universlty oi .Wisconsin, j
'." Ransom- wasNcross-examined during
the afternoon ; and .stated* that- It «j was
hjs conclusion; that", the water'.iir boiler
"B'.".wa"s not: low at the time of the ex
plosion. , Twenty-five, rivets taken' from
boiler "B" ' were shown.. | They , had been
taken from, the'.f ront ; end of, the fur
nace "and -/were' stripped-" of their: points;
The; metal was ', thin and they did not
seem • to;be pf? sufficient \u25a0lensth t .to I form
a.- strong:: rivet. "The. rfvets \u0084 had not
failed 'at "tho sides,' but -the! collapse had
evidently, come' f r6m:,the"..tdpVandV bot
tom iof • the '.furnace* - Had tho" rivets 5 at
the Hop" held as'did those'tlt. the bottom
of j the furnace" dld^: the \u25a0 catastrophe
would hot - have occurred,, although the
crown ,'sheet' had; collapsed.
At I the ; morning ' session ; Judge : Ad vocate
,Westtaskeu that, the \court reconsider; its
decision , of^ the. previous 'dky-.whlch\pro
tected .Enslgn>Wade'f roni^ answering, qiu s
tloris. which; he thought might incriminate
him, but the.desired^ctiohwas'jiot taken.
• ,A. D/\PerkihB, a cocks wain ron^one f of the
Bennirigton's'gigs.V testified that' a : piece
of 'grating ;three. and. a half fcefjong and
tWo j and a ; half^ "t ee t 'wide ? had 5 Btruc8 truck v the
gig -at ;|the"tirne : bf L lthe* explosion, but his
testim(>ny.vwasi stricken 'out.i-^, , \u0084
PROSECUTION CI.OSISS.
t .Theiprosecutlon;closeditBicaSe"with^the"
statements by i the "Judge ,' advocate", thati he
had .'wired to sWashlngton;for ( some'of •; the
scales r from * "C," !;whlch t were \ sent
thsre : from! San'i Diego; for. examination by
the? board i of^ Inquiry^. and . ji.which: ; West
stated r;that~ he/, would"; Introduce las e 'evl
dehce^onV their .arrival:^ The Sf deferiae
opened'fits:' case - • with^j the Z testimony^* of
Lieutenant A^T.". H.'.Yates, 1 : f ormerly,exec
utlveVofflcer/-.; of * ; the>., Bennlngton: -fi He
testified', that' ihe ' was"? ', aboard ?H the
gunboat iat \u25a0": the time of the ex
plosion, and that two days rafter
the explosion he examined the. boilers of
the ship. Yates/stated that he: found a
mass of rubbish probably six; inches deep
aboutj the furnace, and that, lt^ was very
oily. This is.; in^ direct; contradiction to
Bartlett's testimony, who stated that he
found very little.; dirt about the boilers
when he majde the examinations. In . the
bottom of the boiler he also found a mud
dy sediment of an oily nature. , Yates
stated that he had some engineering, ex
perience, but that he did not, know where
the oil came from , or? If it .was the resi
due from the boring for. scales. , r . • - 1
Lieutenant Commander j Bartlett. who
yesterday took his place aa Junior counsel
for the prosecution in the Young case/to
day received hlsV orders detaching him
from that duty and allowing him to. re
turn . to his former . post on the flagship
Chicago; %. i ' , '
Try. the United States Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420. •
COIiD AVEATIIF.R AXD SNOW . '
IX THE -'MOUNTAIN STATES
First Touch of Approaching: Winter I*
Felt in the 'Resiunit of
tlio Rockies.
HELENA,, Oct. -IS.— An unseasonable
colil spell, accompanied in the moun
tain region by snow, prevails in Cen
tral Montana.- 'The Government
Weather Bureau thermometer recorded
S degrees above zero at 6 a. m., while
at Marysvlllei' eighteen miles distant.
2 degrees above was reported.
;SALTIiAKt:c;iTY;;Oct. IS.— Snowfell
here this mor'nlutr, the precipitation be
ing a tenth • of ,. an' inch. The moun
tains above the valley are white with
snow. . . - •\u25a0'\u25a0 • •' \u25a0 '
icons tor iioofl 1 60 pis. |
iP/j^^^^^^^^^^^feSkSpficial-. accommodations, either as to first or sue- ||
g3vv \\. |1 , « - ' ]i • j]| |,| \u25a0 I * '• ".' * " fe^*
• \u25a0 fiPlvWV' I iIIIC6SS A/r^sS^a J2z&?a%J%J ma
PHILADELPHIA MAN
IN NICARAGUAN JAIL
Sentenced to Ten Yeans in
Prison for Killing His
PHILADELPHIA^ Oct. 18.— Fred TV.
Murphy, a Philadelphia^. Is in a Cen
tral 'American prison. He was con
victed of having killed his guide last
March and was sentenced to ten years
in jail at Managua, Nicaragua. His
aged mother and his brother, who live
in this city, are said to be in ignorance
of .his fate. The" State Department at
Washington has ' Investigated the case
through Consuls Donaldson and Merry,
but has not made public the result of
its inauiry. .
Murphy went to Nicaragua on Oc
tober 16 of last year to look after .the
mining interests of his aunt. Miss Mar
garet Walk. She had become Inter
ested In the mines through William C.
Albers, also a Phlladelphian, who re
cently, figured in a sensational arrest
and Is now in the same jail with Mur
phy for defying the Nlcaraguan Gov
ernment.
Czar Honors I.nmmlorlf and I.fnevlteh.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. IS. — An Im
perial rescript was published this
morning conferring on Count Lams
dorff, Minister of Foreign Affairs, the
Vladimir Order of the First Class in
recognition of. his signal services
throughout the war and during- the
peace negotiations. Lieutenant Gen
eral Linevitch has. been appointed as
aide de camp to Emperor Nicholas.
WOMAN DENOUNCES
BRITISH GOVERNMENT
Says It Fosters Traffic. in
Chinese and Japanese
. Slave Girls.
LA CROSSE, TVls.. Oct. 18. — Serious
charges against the British Govern
ment were made at the National Purity
Conference ,to-day by Mrs. Katherlna
Bushnell of Oakland. Cal., World purtty
evangelist. Mrs. Bushnell charged that
the exporting of Chinese and Japanese
girls for immoral purposes was a rec
ognized business in the Far East and
that It was carried on under, the pro
tection, encouragement and supervi
sion of the British government agents
at Hongkong and Singapore. The mat
ter had been reported to the London
Government, she said, but she claimed
to have personal knowledge that the
practice was going on as before, under
full Government protection.
Do You Contribute f
Does any part of your life Insurance
premium help swell political campaign
funds? The Conservative Life invests
its entire assets In securities selected
and approved by California laws.
Hanker. Mum Give $100,000 »a!I.
DEXVtr., Colo.. Oct. 18. — District
Judge' C. C. Holbrook refused to-day to
issue a writ "of habeas corpus for Isaac
TV*. Schlffer. the Alamosa. banker
charged with fraud, or to reduce hU
ball, which was fixed at SIOD.OCO by an
Alamosa Jilstlce of the Peace. Schlffer
was taken to the Pueblo Jail this after
noon.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS . •• - •• • • *- - -Proprietor
_ ADDRESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McXAUGHT. . . . . . :••• H^^g£s
rUBUCATIOX OFFICE THIRD AND MARKDT STREJrrS. SAN FRANCISCO
THURSDAY^ ~ ...OCTOBER ip, 19Q5
KNOCKING THE SAN JOAQUIN.
THE attention of the State Board of Trade has been called to
the knocking at the great valley of California by alleged; real
estate sharps. The circular sent out by these miscreants
reads: "We would strongly advise you to avoid the, great interior
valley which extends from Kern County to Shasta County. We
have seen over and over again men, broken in health from long
residence in those irrigation districts, seeking the coast counties of
Central California tt> recuperate. Why go into these great interior;
valleys of Sacramento, San Joaquin, Fresno, etc., where malaria is
rampant \u25a0 and the heat so excessive that at times even the horses
drop dead in the fields?"
The framer of that circular should remember that Ananias
dropped dead also. Fortunately the State Board of Trade in its
annual reports produces the official record of temperature, which
tells the story of the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys as to
temperature, and compares it with regions near the coast. The
highest mean annual temperatures in the State north of the Te
hachapi are 644 at Bakersfield and 64.4 at Woodland, in Yolo
County. The lowest mean temperatures are Sacramento, 60.1, and
Xapa/57.5. The highest temperatures are: Butte County, 108;
Yuba, 109; Napa, no; Tehama, 108; Sacramento, 102; Santa Clara,
106; Glenn, 105; Yolo, 104; Kern, in; Tulare, no; Fresno, 109.
This covers the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys and the two
bay counties, Napa and Santa Clara. The range, it will be^ ob
served, is only 9 degrees from 102 in Sacramento to in in Kern.
We have not at hand the report on humidity. But as all men of
experience know, the humidity from Kern to Shasta is low, and
when high temperature and low humidity are associated the heat
is endured without suffering.
The defamatory circular associates irrigation .with malaria.
This is untrue. The oldest extensive irrigation is in Fresno and at
Hanford and in Yolo County. Malaria is not endemic there, nor
is it in any part of California. There is sporadic malaria in this
State, as there is everywhere in the world between the Arctic and
Antarctic circles. But malaria and intermittent fever are neither
epidemic nor endemic in any part of California. The dry heat of
the valley of California is one of the elements in its capacity for
production. It is the agent which in association with fertile soil
and irrigation has given to the San Joaquin Valley, from Bakers
field to Stockton, the most varied and valuable production found
in a similar area anywhere in the world. With the extension of
irrigation over the Sacramento Valley the same results will follow
there.
The dry heat, soil and irrigation of the San Joaquin Valley
have located at Fresno the vast raisin production that controls the
American market and is impressing that of Europe. These same
physical conditions have perfected the Smyrna fig at Fresno and
the output is rising every year. The State Board of Trade has on
exhibition at Fresno dates of this year's crop as plump and sugary
as ever ripened in Hadramaut or loaded the palms of Jelajel. At
Porterville, Tulare County, and north to Oroville, in Butte, grow
as fine oranges as ever Sicily produced, and yet this is not all. From
Bakersfield to Shasta the people are as stalwart and sound physi
cally as any on earth. Men, women and children, they may be put
in competition with any, anywhere, ii\ respect to average health,
strength, beauty and intelligence.
If nothing else existed to negative the defamations of this real
estate circular, the great growth of towns like Bakersfield, Tulare,
Visalia, Hanford, Selma, Fowler, Oleander, Fresno, Merced, Mo
desto, Stockton, Sacramento, Marysville and Chico proves that
people find in the great valley not only prosperity, but sanitary
conditions of the best. Fresno especially stands • out in evidence
against the falsifier, for its growth began with irrigation and has
increased with every acre that has been put unde,r water. Twenty
three years ago Fresno was an inconsiderable "cow town," the
feeble product of pastoral conditions. Then came irrigation, and
now it is a little Chicago, with the sharp rattle of a city, its streets
paved, its private residences among the most luxurious in the State,
and its institutions of all kinds up to the altitude of a wholesome
civilization. As for San Joaquin County, its capital, Stockton, is
one of the most important manufacturing centers on the coast.
It makes everything from a wheelbarrow to a combined har
vester. There are made the great traction engines that draw plows
and reapers and the boats and barges that bring the varied products
of the county down to tide water. It is unnecessary to say that
these great activities would not be possible under conditions inim
ical to health.
Sacramento shows a great increase in population, and people
do not go to a place where disease is the rule and health the excep
tion. Some of the greatest business institutions in the State are
located in Sacramento, and the profits of its trade have overflowed
to found business houses all the way from San Francisco to. New
York City. From Sacramento north the tide of settlement, invest
ment and prosperity is rising, and in another generation the great
valley of California from Bakersfield to Shasta will have millions
of wealthy, healthy and happy people living in a region that these
creatures have tried to blast with a lie.
PUNISHING ADULTERATIONS.
WE complain of the restrictive policy of Germany which ex
cludes much of our trade. One excuse for this policy is that
adulteration of food products is practiced to the injury of the
health of the German consumer. It must be admitted, however, that
the German Government does not play favorites in t|ie matter of
adulteration, but severely punishes its own subjects who violatejts
pure food law. Recently a manufacturer of mineral water at Worms
was fined $48 for putting the labels of a natural spring on his arti
ficial product.
If that were done in this country, the siphon trade would get a
jolt that would admonish it. A manufacturer of brandy in Bamberg,
Bavaria, who sold an adulteration as genuine French cognac, was
fined $700, and sentenced to forty-five days in prison. .His agent
an<3 accomplices were sentenced to one and a half and three years'
imprisonment respectively. It will be remembered that when a
former Board of Health in this city sought to prevent the export to
England of no barrels of raw corn highwines, water and drugs
labeled "Pure Old California Grape Brandy," the Health Inspector
was hauled into court and narrowly escaped punishment for trying
to keep the stuff from being sent out. We may learn something
'from Germany.
Genuine California brandy was injured by that export. It
would have been helped by spilling the no barrrels and putting the
men who owned it in jail. No one knows but the same businesses
flourishing here, as the result of immunity which was connived at
by 'public officers. .
This country is so much interested in the export trade that our
jaws should severely protect the purity of our products, and punish
the faise labeler, adulterator and sophisticator. California, is espe
cially interested. Our wines and brandies can never achieve the
market they deserve until their character is above suspicion. "The
pure food agitation flashes up occasionally, but so far little has been
accomplished to effectively pfcrtect our products against the greedy
and reckless adulterator.
Nothing can exceed the masterful way in which the Hon. Albert J. Bev
eridgc holds in his Presidential boom. With a little effort one can almost
delude himself into believing that Mr. Bcveridge is without a boom.— Kansas
City Journal.
The American nation now has the Russian bear so" that it will eat out
of iv hand.— New York Mail
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ THURSDAY,: OCTOBER 19. 1905;
Occidental
Accidentals
A. J. WATERHOUSE
PERCHED on his: barrel throne, the
village sage
1 Discussed the weighty problems of
his age, .
While other sages of a less repute
His words might question, but could ne'er
refute.
Well versed in subtleties of law was he.
Could judge 'twixt Tweedledum and
Tweedledee
And wisely.'«ay which Tweedle ought to
win,
For twice a Legislator he had been. ,}
So round him gathered old, and c'en the
young.
To garner wisdom from his gifted tongue;
Heard with regret wherein our nation
erred,
And how it might be saved with rapture
heard,
Saw systems punctured by his ready wit,
Learned how the suns in one vast scheme
were knit.
And wondered still, and wondered ever
more, '' - -
That all his wisdom, he so meekly bore,
For c'en the drowsy flies the grocery
knew
Buzzed one refrain: "Here's lore— bz-z-xz,
bz-z-zz— for you."
The while he paused in clarifying law,
Fresh inspiration from his pipe to draw.
At public meetings bright our sachem
shown.
And proud were we to feel he was our
For he could make an introduct'ry speech
That highest flights of eloquence would
reach :
So rare. Indeed, his oratorlc flow
The one he Introduced scarce had a show;
His taper pave a feeble light alone.
For well he knew the brilliant sun had
shone;
While all the llst'nlng rustics whispered
still:
"He may be some, but he ain't hxe our
Bill."
In "nipellng." too, his light shone pure
and clear, \
And his "experience" was a thing to
hear.
No "politician" he without a God;
The sacred aisles in reverence he trod.
With low-bowed head unto the altar
drew \u25a0 \
And worshiped etlll the .One his fathers
knew.
Our wisest he, and yet, c'en as a child,
He pleaded for a love and mercy mild
To guide him in the way proclaimed of
old.
And safely lead him through the gates
of gold. •
Our sape of sages, still we heard him cry,
"My Father, lead, for weak and blind
am I."
And when one day he passed the portal
through
I doubt not that his answered prayer
he knew.
A village sagre, whom some might term
; - a clod.
And yet his simple lore held close to
God;
A humble sage of half-forgroten days
From which I fear me that our mad
world strays.
And, Oh! I cry for more such sages
now,
With truth enwrit upon a placid brow,
Who only know to do the simple
right.
And look unto its fount for all their
light!
For those, who know no cunning,
subtle way.
But scorn the cards of life to falsely
play!
The princely men who made our coun
try great; \u25a0 .
Who, lost, we vainly seek our high
estate!
From paths forgotten let them come
again
To teach us truth" and make us better
men,
For still we need, and ever will, I
know, •
The simple village sage of long ago.
The Old Mrd'i Story.
"Yes," said the old man, "1 rickolleck
well "nough my fust grizzly, seein's
you've asked me. I wus young an' en
thoosiastic then, an' I didn't mind grizz
lies, pervldin' they didn't come too close.
I packed my burrer in Hangtown an'
started out prospectin' way back in the
hills were I'd heered grizzlies wus some
thick. 'Twas 'bout the third night. I reck
on, 'at the grizzly come. I'd staked my
burrer near the mouth of a little gully
an" wus sleepin* peaceful w'en a n'ise
waked me an' I reckernized right erway
thet they wus a grizzly thar.
"The night wus middlin' dark, but soon
es I get used ter it I cd see the critter
loomin* mighty big through the black.
Thet WU9 'nough fer me, es I s'pose
'twould hey ben fer you, an' I grabbed
my gun an' fired."
"Did you get him?" the listener in
quired.
"Bet I did! I got a chance to carry my
pack back tew Hangtown, ; tew. It
weighed fifty pounds when I started that
walk, an' 5000 pounds when I finished it."
"What was the matter?"
"NothinV Only, the grizzly I shot wus
my.burrer. Thet's the on'y :rcel» "speri
ence I ever hed with a grizzly, but w'en 1
got to Hangtown I wus willin' ter tes
terfy thet they's mighty few more har
rerin' ones ever ben recorded."
Ablinh's Strategy.
Abijah Fine and Sarah Fine
*Live charmingly together,
Although the time was, 1 opine,
When dlff 'rent was their weather,
For Sarah had a little will
That hated to be crossed—
It gave Abijah, quite a chill
To note his way he lost.,
If Bijah wanted things one way,
Then Sarah said. " 'Twont do!"
And then there was . the deuce to pay,
As haps to me and you; \u25a0,'
Abijah merely need suggest
Some action , should not fail,
When Sarah'd say, *«t is not best,"
And then— let's draw, the veil.
But now, to tell what I have heard,
And also what I've known, {^
They ' rarely speak a heated word —
Abijah's wiser grown.
For now when he would do a thing
He merely tells her flat:
"Whatever argument you spring,
I never will do that!"
But that's enough. I dare to say, ,
. For this dear Sarah has her way.
"Do you believe in long' engagements?"
"To be sure I do.'V
"Why?"
"It frequently postpones trouble *; just
that much longer, doesn't It?" -
Alfalfa Philosophy.
A bird In the hand may bewuth t two
in the bush, but' I've known 'em 'at
\u25a0wasn't wuth a: dunvin either place.
The rooster 'at V crowed the loudest
'sturbed the folks 'sleep,! an' ao he got
Inter the pot fust, i '.
The Dimmicrat orerter said the Re
publican' orerter wus a liar. , The Re-^
publican brerter. wus politer an',; on'y, said
the Dlmmicraf orerter = wus I: a . falsifier,
buta don't, feel: no; calllto' dispute: either
Sn \ 'em.
They'B some advantages 'in procl&imtn'
'at you're a fool. Ef , you 'announce you' re
wise an* make "a mistake - they V goln'^ter
be a hull lot of unpieasaht; comments.
Ef ; you have • ter.' ad vertlse '[ your^virchoo
you'd, better set. down an. hav#. an" in
teresting talk with yourself ! fer a fw
minutes; J ' : ..'•'". \u25a0'*\u25a0' .'."' •
POETRY NOT PASSING
New and Greater Style Coming That Will
Be Intensely American
DOROTHY FENIMORE
poetry . of - the great West was disappearing with the vanishing of V*e trail
and camp-fire before the advance of civilization, that soon the plains and
prairies -would -belong no more to adventurer and wandering poet, but would,
be occupied by sto id farmers, who would' be satisfied in raising corn and hogs,
which they would sell to buy land on which to raise more corn and
As I considered this materialistic prophecy it occurred to me that It was noi
in the vanishing- trails arid the solitutle of Indian memories only that tne i po
etry of the greafWest Is contained. Both poetry and romance have s P ru "»
from the association of the human element with the breadth and grandeur tnai
nature's hand has molded here. , .- . /
No one has ever interpreted the West for us as Bret Harte did. and ws
power over our imagination was due less to the qualities of the region he_ ac
scribed, and to reminiscences that hung about it of . the redskin s early glory,
than to the human drama of our own kind which he -showed to us against me
backgrounds the majestic mountains and treeless plains. . \u25a0 . .
When you consider how much sweetness of home life :will .grow up .in < this
Western wild with the growth of humble farms, and will bring with L-it good to
man and glory to God, you can but marvel at that esthetic/ eelflahneea Avhich
would keep for a pleasure ground for the rare traveler the broad lands that
well can furnish foothold for myriads of humble Jiomes. .._ \u25a0, , \u25a0\u25a0 .
What if the old and sordid farmer finds his horiz on . bounded -by _ his corn
and hogs; may not his wife and children have^ thoughts that reach farther,
than this, farther even thaw that horizon marked by the meeting of earth and
Bky? And even he has a certain dignity for all his :sord!dness, because of the
fact that the. agricultural life is the backbone of the nation.
Besides, it does not follow that his mind Is low because his ha"ds :V*torm
a humble taak. Were not the Ayrshire plowman and the Lttrick shepherd
moved to bless the world with sweetest song while they earned their dally
bre A^K y i™oeiy in city life. If you,will thrill to Nature's deeper Insplra
tlon you must go among the masses of men, who st ruggle * o ** **$_,£**' ££
ing despairing daring each one alone in the midst of the multitude. Here
boUei ? UK Sn S soHtud e %u hear "the stm sad music of humanity," which teaches
you the poetry that lies hiddfen in the secret heart of things.
Tennyson thrashed this question out long ago in Ix>cksley Hall, .a here is es
pecial beauty, I think, in that picture which he draws of the boy leaving for
the first time his father's field,, and, as he travels \u25a0" all along^ the du^
highway toward London, seeing the light of tne city flaring in the sky like
a dreary" dawn. \u25a0 •"'\u25a0---\u25a0*''\u25a0 i-::
And his snirit leaps within him to be zone before him then.
Underneath the !l S i-.t he o^:s at. In amonff the throng of men. _
. The poetry of the west will not vanish with the vanished tra» 1. or wit h the
fading smoke of the last camp-fire. Anew poetry will be born of the new .west.- \u25a0
and one that will be intensely American in spirit. ,For. as our President : has
shown us in his winning of the west, American history Is the history of the west,
the development of frontier lines from ocean to ocean.
SAINTS AND HEROES.
JOHN J. HOLDEN
. -
CC |F THERE is so much good In the worst of us." writes an inquirer, and
|go much bad in the best of us. where is: there room" for the hero and
1 the saint?" It sounds a little like a conundrum, but the heroism and
the sanctity certainly lie in the combination of good and evil all man-_
kind has to know, for there can be no sanctity and no heroism without some
enemy, within or without, to withstand and conquer.
It has beert observed more than once that when men esteemed and really
great confide their Inmost thoughts to paper, their editors or literary executors
invariably find pages of self-blame, self-depreciation, self-accusation-even to
the intimation of dreadful sins committed. " , . , «
The student of psychology will see here that the nature Implanted In us,
with the ineradicable instincts and passions on which are based all the h opes
of the race, has sometimes fought and obtained temporary victory;- over the
noblest souls the world has known. _ __ . £
In a degree this same battle is the one we all have to fight No man is so
eood that he -always triumphs, or so bad he is always defeated.
We know the saints and heroes who lived lons ago. but we do .not
know those, of to-day. Yet I believe they are all about us. and to be found .
in the streets and in railway trains as a matter of da Hy experience. We do
not recSze them, just as truly heroic or saintly ««»"««* In, ourselve s do
not-anpeal to us as such-a saint who believed himself a saint, a. hero *ho
"houghrhimself a hero, are contradictions |pe^m^J»fe§^PJ
well-if no man is a hero to his valet, and no prophet .^thout honor save
in his own country, be assured that no man is saint or hero to himself.
Mankind for its own encouragement seldom allows- the truth to appear as
a whole Just as editors cut out the self-accusations spoken of In great men s
autobiocraDhies just so-tho saints and heroes of the oast are made to seem
perSct to the iIU of' the impossible; Those who knew them most Inti
mately are seldom permitted to speak. It is only their parade dress, so to
speak, that clothes them ' in their publicly exhibited portraits.
Were the reverse the practice, how many shining figures would the annals
of the world disclose as models and exemplars to their brethren?
Yet there is encouragement for us in the other picture. Men achieve true
greatness in spite of their Imperfections, not because of them, and if they na\e
conquered, so may we. Look for saints and heroes here and novr.
'\u25a0 "" ' *• .T.
THE PITYING TOUCH.
WALLACE RICE
PROF. N. S/ SHALER In that excellent book of his called "The Neighbor"
calls attention to a curious psychological fact. Noting first that there is
among many men and women of refinement a positive repugnance at
touching the person of one that is sick or suffering, amounting to a dislike
of the sufferer he observes that this repugnance changes to an active and
eager sympathy and desire to be'of service, once the other has been touched
and the relation of personal contact established. '
The accuracy of his observation is based upon universal human experience.
It has found 'its way Into sacred literature everywhere, and Is the basis of
numerous religious rites in many religions. ' .
It is seen In the laying on of hands in confirmation, in anointing with oil in
many other ceremonies, and was exercised even by the kings of England with
in a* few centuries by touching for scrofula. Other Instances will come readily
Two causes have co-operated to prevent Americans from using this pitying
touch except when Intimate relations have already b-3en established. One lies
In that suppression of feeling among the English-speaking peoples which ex
hibits itself chiefly in gesture and similar demonstrations -
Among the Puritans of New England this was earned so far as to avoid
exhibitions of affection through caresses within the limits of one s own family.
With this has grown up the Idea that it is disgraceful, a shock to one's sacred
ness of personality, to touch another or to be touched by another.
It is hardly necessary to say that cause and effect bear so close a relation
in thn manifestation of the human emotions that ; constant suppression of all
exhibitions and outward manifestations of emotion results in time In a suppres
sion, more or less complete,' of the emotions f themselves. -,!.', , v *
Undemonstrative folk/those that uever make any external exhibition of what
passes within their hearts, come to bo as really cold inside as they appear .to
be from without. Consequently those that need the revivifying e^ect of the
pitying touch, both for themselves and other 1, are least likely to learn its
benefits As they shrink from being touched, so they shrink from touching.
The 'lesson would seem to be, for Americans especially, to let -themselves go
far of tener. than they do, if they would have ' that human sympathy which is
of the essence of true humanity and of Christianity.. >
SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE.
FAR AWAY— "You have a faraway ex
pression" in this picture," remarked the
girl.
"Naturally," ! replied her friend; "It
was taken in Africa. That's a long dis
tance oft"!"— Detroit Free Press.
LOST IN THE PEACE SHUFFLE.-
Long Island Sea Serpent-Did you have
a successful season? ::
New England J Sea Serpent (disgustea
ly)—Naw! I played Portsmouth this year,
and nobody paid any attention to me.—
Puck. \u25a0
NOT UP TO EXPECTATIONS.-"Yes,"
said the guide, "this Is the famous Rubi
con which Caesar crossed." i; )'
"That little stream?" said the tourist,
in surprise. "I don't see why • they should
make bo much fuss about it."-Brooklyn
Life.
WISDOM.— A well-spent life is one in j
which the experience gained is worth ,
more than it costs.— Puck. ,y
USUALLY.-"Papa, Is a philanthropic
woman a woman who contributes to an
the charities?" ;\u25a0-\u25a0 ; . V - U u -
'•No 'son; asa usual thing the philan
thropic woman is a woman who gets her
neighbors to; contribute to ;«lU the char
ities."—Houston Post. '
FOILED;— Mr. Phoxy^-I was \u25a0 going ;to
ask you to try this UtU« .trick: i Multiply,
the years of; your; age by ; 3, subtract 21
from j the total, and what's the answer ? , "\u25a0:.
Miss Kute— You should be able to guess
the 5 answer ; at ' once.
AMr. Phoxy— Yes? What is:it?,
'-': Miss Kute— None of your business.—
Philadelphia Ledger.
; r, MODESTY.— Lieutenant— l . have a very
prettyi: compliment v for | of ? the
young ladles ', thought \ 1 was ':, the
.... • \u25a0 : - -
of your latest poem.— Translated for
Tales from Fliegende j Blaetter.
SAFE COURSE.— Lady— "I wish to se
lect a pet dog." \u25a0 , •\u25a0
Dealer— "Do you live in town, mum?"*
"Yes;-I live in a flat." '
"Then; l would advise an Italian grey
hound, mum.' No matter how much you
feeds greyhounds, they allus stays nar
rer."
QUITE ENCOURAGING.— He— If o I
were to die you would never get another
husband like me. ~ f .
• She-^lt's kind of you to say that'— Ally
Slopers' 'Half-Holiday.
TWO OF A KIND.— She (In a temper)—
I. wish I'd never married you. -
The • Brute— Another / Instance of "Two
souls with ;.; but ; a , single thought."— Ally
Sloper's ' Half-Holiday. . .",
v A SURE GAUGE.t-"Do you judge a
man by his clothes?" .."
He— "No, by- his wife's clothes."—De
troit Free Frees. .
:•; HIS BONDS.— "My poor man,!' said
Henpeck, - : V-I sympathize with you."
; :."Was :'; you . ever.Hn de »- % chain ; gang?"
asked the ' recipient -of j his sympathy. ; :
\ "No," said ;,, Henpeck," ; "f ar > worse : 'J "my.
bonds J are more galling,-, than , yours.". •. ?
> "Gee!" . replied;: the =• malefactor, I'you'se
must have a 'case ' of apron I «trings." —
Houston' Post. :. :
\ FAILURE.— '.'Oh, George, j I don't think
that . new (safety ; razor of yours amounts
to anything; at aa."
"Why J not. dear?" .
il "Because I - tried ' to use it \ to-day, - and I
couldn't' do' anything ".with -it.'.'. -
"What were" you trying to do with It?".
"I . was only; trying } to " sharpen " a pencil
and It i wouldn't -. cvt k a ' bit."— Milwaukee
Sentinel.; ; ' : . ' '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
An Umbrella
Interview
IN an article on "Writing for a Living.
in the World's Work for October, GU
\u25a0on Wlllets tells the following anec
dote of .a 'memorable interview : with
Russell Sage:
"In that early morning of my writing
life, and in the. evening of my day, I
interviewed Russell Sage. The editor who
gave 'me the assignment had said: "Per
sistence and Impudence will do "it."* *
rang th« btll at 606 Fifth avenue.
Mrs. Sage opened the door, and behind
her I saw the gaunt form of Mr. Sage.
"Well. well, what i». it?" he asked, rub
bing his hands as* If they were chilly. 1
told him what; l wanted, and he replied,
"You must excuse me." Putting on hi 3
weather-beaten derby, he added, "I am
going out." * . ' f
I told him that I would go out with
him. He smiled as he buttoned his faded
overcoat and stepped out.. It was rain
ing. I asked him to take my umbrella,
for it was larger than "his, and as we
turned into Forty-second street we ex
changed ' umbrellas. ; He was going, he
said, "Just down the street," to Dr. Pax
ton's Presbyterian Church, to prayer
meeting. At the church door he said,
"Good evening, we part here."
But I,- too, went in to prayer meeting.
When Mr. Sage bowed his head so did I-
The meeting over I rejoined him at the
church door. I had prayed in that meet
ing, and now my prayers were answered.
For. as we walked back through the rain
to his house, Russell Sage answered my
questions "for publication." We both
forgot the exchange of umbrellas, ana
the skeleton of his umbrella is still In my
attic.
SUNFLOWER PHILOSOPHY.
The road to bell la really a boulevard.
"It always amuses people to see a bar
tender chew gum.
Beggars are not only choosers, but
they are impudent about it.
Occasionally a fool says a. good thins,
but he never knows it.
Everybody likes to be told that they
should have been an actor or an actress.
The instinct to conduct a confessional
is terribly strong in every married
woman's heart.
As a matter of fact, nearly all the
members of the Square Deal Club are
looking for the best of It.
It's mighty hard for a bartender to get
the attention of a customer because of
the mirror behind him.
If hell were • ten times worse than
pictured, people would behave them
selves just the same as they do now.
The smaller the town trie longer the
people demand that the skirts of the
chorus girl must be on the stage.
In spite of all the Dhysical culture
prescriptions floating: around, people
continue to get fat where they
shouldn't. — Atchison (Kans.) Globe.
HARRISON'S HUNTING DOGS.
I recall as vividly as though it had all
happened yesterday a sharp December
morning, when, with a companion of
many a shooting and fishing Jaunt, I fol
lowed "Mose" and "Jan" over the stub
bles of a Southern Illinois farm. We had'
been working the fields for several hours
anil had stopped to rest under a persim
mon tree on the edge of the next field
we were to hunt. "Mose" and "Jan" had
found a close-by ditch and in its water
they had spread themselves, until now
cool and invigorated they lay panting
with an occasional whiff at the hunting
pockets In which were the birds their
services had aided us in killing. After
a brief, rest we were off again. Over a
rail fence we clambered and away went
the dogs at a lively gait. Suddenly "Jan"
threw his head to one side, wheeled in
the air and came down tense and drawn;
with nose uplifted and quivering and
pointed Into the wind, with body motion
less, with tail stretched stiff and rigid.
"Moss," twenty yards away, straightened
out, and, feeling his way as tenderly as
If he" 'were -walking on up-point needles,
the good old dog took a step towara
"Jan," then paused, then another step,
then another, pause, and so, until a few
feet behind him, he came to a dead halt.
There the two dogs stood without a
quiver of a muscle or the batting of an
eyelid until their masters went in, flushed
the game and bade them search for dead
birds.
Sculpture has been described as frozen
music. What shall we call the picture
of grace and beauty made by a pair or
good dogs which have found the game
and present" It to their masters ?— Carter
H. Harrison, in The World To-Day.
BISHOP AND THE WAFFLES.
It would indeed be a queer Bishop
who could not tell a good story on him
self. The late Bishop Dudley of Ken
tucky was wont to relate with much
relish an interesting experience which
he once had In connection with waffles.
\u25a0 At "a "fine old Virginia homestead
where he~~was a frequent guest the
waffles were always remarkably good.
One morning, as breakfast drew near
an end, the tidy little linen-coated -1 black
hoy who served a.t table approached
Bishop Dudley anas asked in a low
voice: ; •
"Bishop, won't y* have 'n'er waffles?"
"Yes," said the genial Bishop, "I be
lieve I wi11.".,
"Dey aln*:no mo'," then said the nice
little black boy. : -
."Well."; exclaimed th« surprised rev
erend gentleman, "if there aren't any
more waffles, what made you ask me
if I wanted 'another oner"
"Bishop." explained the little black
boy, "you'a done et ten a'ready, an' I
fought you wouldn't want no mo."—
Lipplncott's.
RADM: AS MEDICINE.
Great times, these. : Hard -work to
keep< up with the '^procession. Must do
it, though. Seen "the. latest thing in
medicine?" ; Radium . rays/ <X-rays. all
other rays from A to Izzard that have
been or may, be, discovered . are to bo
stirred up, "mix and mingle and
blend" •with medicines. Two X-ray pel
lets for an adult, just before going to
bed. -v. One radium tablet before each
meal. '."Well ! :- well !". as the famous New
York baseball "fan," the man , with the
loudest voice in the world, is wont to
howl- to \the reverberant skies; what
times are these! Wouldn't the rays
fronv cucumber: sunshine .be found of
"great .-.-rßpeutlc value'! .in [cases of
cholera morbus?— Everybody's Maga
zine.
MAKES PEOPLE COLOR BLIND.
i Electricity is fatal to the discernment of.
certain i colors. ' Yellow^ and pink,' two to
tally, different colors, look strangely^ alike
by i electric light. ? ; Heliotrope'" is \u25a0 also like
pink and subtleties of shade are quite lost
in -. it. No \u25a0*' light ; a shows' -up ; shades 'and
colors; like 'candles 'did | when ''those; com
modities were made of wax. .* It is certain
that : all modern \u25a0 artificial lllumlnahts mix
up colors '-\u25a0 and ; shades '• Inextricably and
'electric r ; light is worst : of "•all.
The Smart Set
SALLY SHARP
Trinity Church was the scene of a very
attractive wedding at 3:30 o'clock ye
terday when Miss Frances Allen be
came the bride of Bryant Grimwood. A
large number of guests were present at
the- ceremony, both families being promi
se altar was banked with white bios
soni! palms and other plants adorning
the chancel and aisles.
In a gown of rich white satin and point
lace the bride was extremely pretty, a
long lace veil and bouquet of lilies of the
valley completing the costume. A quintet
of maids were in attendance. Miss Harriet
de Witte Allen serving In the honored
position, and Miss Emma Grimwood
Miss Mattio Uvermore. Miss Natalie
Coffin and Miss Jessie Wright being
bridesmaids. Frank Flndley performed
the office of best man. Lucius Allen,
Charles P. Grimwood. Leonard Chenary
and Stopford Colby serving as ushers.
Following the nuptial service an infor
mal reception was held at the Allen
home, on Pacific avenue, only the very
close friends being present y .
Mr. and Mrs. Grtmwo/ "_» 7* «or>« for*
several weeks on a.' .»s ' r1 ?, ;
upon return will res/ 75* i Saa i
Cisco. / > ..
Ths bride, who isM Saunter c* Mr.
and Mrs. Henry F. Ar>; f.. i'^i ;•'••/ i>««
|ln society a short tit *. but iitva h«r
debut has been most javcred V:Ria tix.9 ..'.
very exclusive realm vf BamaUto acd
The wedding of Misrs Ela'a r»orr mat
Lieutenant Claude ' .Err,»i; EritfJtiSi.
U. S. A., was one'"»J t!.« pretty Ajli'm
of yesterday, taking , 'v* at th* fayJly
home on Hyda street, iir -fcoi;jri C;* c»r*»
many was witnessed by .\*%i clou
friends and relative :h» ;»•,;, if-n^ior:.*
were carefully consider*!. •*"*'
A great basket o: ;.:rjr«jte!i«^r-a:ss
hung In the bay ' wlunsivr «na another
large group of the *".;;.* flowers, ,/^r
tened at the window \u25a0* .»d« arvl <xt«s«
ing to meet the c«nt«*plsc«* tarawfl »•*
artistic . bower, undei ii»» iaridil
party stood. ilapl>» branc^s, *»!;& l>a!r
leaves tinged in uha * - ct yeUci*
russet; magnolia, l'.dre.l< ani "baciiacc
formed the decoration -or^aT*. <-oa*
ways and plerglai s, tho nii.«a e£ gr-so,
among which wer» tOA nodding
chrysanthemums, git <uz c. t&csX «xt. i a:ia
impression.
The bride was cow<«cd la cer
wedding robe, of w1..'.« aili - \r**+
lace, with which she wore a veil c«»-i&ht
with orange blossoms, and carried Erid«
roses.
Miss Jessie Dorr. In a gown of whit*
chiffon, was maid of honor. Lieutenant
Leigh Sypher acting as best man. Rev.
Kirk Guthrie read the service a faw
minutes past 4. Dr. Dorr giving? his
daughter into the groom's keeping.
After an Informal reception Lieuten
ant and Mrs. Brigham departed for the
East, where they will spend a brief
time in visiting the lieutenant's mother
and upon returning to San Francisco
the young couple will reside at the Pre
sidio.
• • •
The wedding of Miss Elizabeth Calen
der of Lo3 Gatos and Joslah Crosby
Be«dy of San Rafael was quietly per
formed at noon yesterday in Trinity
Chapel, Rev. Frederick Clampett offi
ciating.
Miss Josephine Beedy and Louis
Beedy served as the only attendants,
while the guests were limited to a very
small number.
A -wedding trip in the southern part
of the State will keep Mr. and Mrs.
Beedy for a few weeks, after which,
they will reside In this city.
«\u25a0 The.Cerrtury Club reception- to-night
in honor of its president. Mrs. Edward
C. Wright, promises to be a very large
and brilliant affair.
Mrs. Gerrltt Livingston Lansing will
be a bridge hostess to-day at her apart
ments In St. Dunstan's.
E. S. Pillabury was a dinner host at
the Palace Grill last evening, entertain
ing a small number of guests.
Miss Margaret Stow of Santa Barbara,
who is soon to leave for the East, was
the favored guest at an informal lunch
eon yesterday, to which Miss Laura
Baldwin bade a few congenial maida to
say farewell.
• • •
Mile. Eleanor Joseph was cordially
greeted by a. larsre number of friends
yesterday at Laurel Hall Club, the fair
guest of honor graciously addlns to the
afternoon's pleasure by. «lnstas several
solos.
• • •
Mrs. Granvllle MacGowan of Los An
geles was the guest of honor yesterday
at a luncheon at which Mrs. William Por
ter was hostess In ber California-street
home.
• • •
Miss Ruth Casey, who, with her par
ents, la spending the winter In town at
the Richelieu, was th« favored gueat
yesterday at a very charming luncaeon
given by Mrs. Frederick Beaver at her
home on Webster street.
Mrs. I* I* Baker arrived at the Palace
yesterday from New York, where she
has spent four or five weeks.
• • •
Mrs. Eugene E. Schmits and Mrs. D. F.
Ragan have sent out cards for Thurs
day, October 28. from 3 to «, on Haight
at Central avenue.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
MASSOOLA BOAT— A. T. X.. City. A
massoola boat Is kind of boat used at
Madras for landing through the. surf.
THE BERKELEY— M. F. J.. Arroyo
Grande. CaL The followteg figures of
the ferry-boat Berkeley are taken from
the Record of American shipping:
Length, 261.4; breadth, 40.5: depth. 14.1:
KToss tonnage. 1945; net. 1245; IS3
N.-K. P.
THE CITY HALLi — Subscriber. City.
The foundation of the City Hall In San
Francisco was laid In September. IS7I.
The corner-stone of the building was
laid February 22. 1872. and it took
twenty-eight years to complete the
structure.
BUTTERFLIES — A Reader, New
castle. CaL This department has not
the space to describe the process of
putting moths and butterflies to death
for preservation and the methods oC
preservation. Suggest that you apply
to some flrst-cla3s bookstore to sup
ply you a book on that subject.
LICK OBSERVATORY.-r-T. T.. City.
The Lick Observatory on Mount Hamil
ton was founded in January, 1577. in
pursuance of a deed of trust made. by
James Lick. The;slte was selected by
Professor Edward S. : Holden and I the
land was granted by the Congress of
the United States ; for the purpose x of an
observatory. The ' : observatory was
first used, though still Incomplete, In
noting"; the,. transit of .Mercury. No
vember 7. ISBI. The road fromilthe
valley . to the summit of the 1 mountain
was constructed at a cost of $78,000.
: Townsend's California glace fruits .
and .'choicest "candles" In artistic ftr«« *
etched boxes. New store. 767 Market. * *
\u25a0Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men. by ta«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Call*
forni* •treat Telephone Main 1942. •OFFERS ADVICE
TO SCHOLARS
Bourkc Cockran Jleets Pupils
<»f Sacred Heart College
and Tenders Good Counsel
SPEAKS OF DILIGENCK
. — . — \u2666-
Avers There Is Nothing So
Valuable as Human Hands
That Can Produce Wealth
W. Bourkc O«:hran. M. A. ;
College. Ne'« York*, paid a. visit yester
b day afternoon to Sacred Heart College,
a where he v \u25a0 welcomed by the pupils,
Christian I others, the alumni associa
tion o* th< • oV?ee and members of St.
Jtl^rj-'f \ mil As-sociation. all
dj listinguished stat<-s
#-«*<•, ./-ft -^ji'dcnt of Sacred
> in ;: Jucing Mr. Cock
!L \u25a0 cc lie had made to
£ a>«et |S« r is&s th»3 ne might testify his
• tJXecr.'vr, fo: tfaeaT. fcr.d for the Christian
K-s: 1 • v .\u25a0 -,
'\u25a0-'. >\u25a0- Cockraa said that if the
. , . \u25a0 \u25a0 ••: < Mpp|n*aM and success they
\u25a0 \u25a0 *}' j>rc.cpts laid down by
\u0084: h,. t . f^trj^ooy to work, to
/.(^\u25a0•- ' .-. . \u25a0; \u25a0.. t, for ' -Yr that way there
A-ijiiic « ' no r,m-: *ji tV discontented nor
th.-.c fcr >iirf • .-.- -.5 Vitween themselves
t.v4 Uj«l- »>-f. - .-/,;.'-- \u25a0:&*?
r. !.jt- - school he advised they
. li",.' y which they con
!•>--'' .« :. ,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0' to f.acces». No mat
-. :\u25a0. \\i%it or irs»('.» or profession
\u25a0 :•:. c.v- . it was incumbent
. ; . . i -,' -q is? attainment of the
:\u25a0.\u25a0••• ' -'-vX?b.
: ithuesce or capital is
' Utt 'tr v !Ji qualifies himself
lift i> •--\u25a0\u25a0.•\u25a0•'.•. c$ :CLnd as an illustra
.-. ojt \ 4 i I man desired to
\u25a0_ ; Ijjj tsrciui seek the best
•ircbtUirt; Si HI bi s.iSr.t the best and
.: st*cto£ ai)4 >f trouble arose
:r.s*!lf sc<i cf-ghbora he de
'' ti~'- Psrsiccs bt the best lawyer.
",,.-*^r. ;i ••\u25a0 DOCII was diligent
"•." •. i .JL^i. . *»?> »r "'.^c.-jained to reach
tht h'-"£:e£L point of success his future
was safe.
There was nothing, said Mr. Cockr&n,
under the earth, neither diamonds nor
Cold, half so valuable as a pair of hu
man hands that can produce wealth. If
the hands be good and the man good, he
will be discovered.
By diligence, by pursuing the pathway
Bet them by their instructors, they as
_^ -hrlstian children will be a credit to
.hemselves, to their families and a strong
reinforcement to ihe citizenship of their
land.
Mr. Cockran's words were listened to
intently, £.nd at the close of the address
the scholars applauded him.
P. J. McCurmick, president of St.
Mary's Alumr.i Association, and R. P.
Troy, president of Sacred Heart Alumni
Association, made brief addresses.
At the close of the proceedings Mr.
Cockran conEented to speak at St. Mary's
College on Sunday morning prior to his
departure for the East. ~ V': v >
Among those who were present to re
ceive the distinguished visitor were the
• Rev. Father W. P. Sullivan, Brother
J-^wis. Brother Vellesian, president of St.
Mary's College; Brother Fabrlcian,
Brother Bernard, Brother Matthew of
Martinez, Brother Hosea. Judge Prank
J. Murasky, Frank J. Kierce, T. B. Slevin,
\Y. F. White, Robert P. Troy. P. J. McCor
mick. E. R. Myrick. Charles Rankin,
Frank S. Drady and J. E. Derham.
AMJHirVV MACK TO APPEAR
AS A STAR AT COLUMBIA
Olrhratrd Actor, After Great Austra-
Ilßit mim'ms Will Gh« Tyro
Wi-ekt" Swiboii Her*'.
Andrew Ma.dc. who has just returned
aft«;r a remarkably successful tour of
Australia, wiiere be played twenty-one
weeks to enormous business, will make
his ftrrt appearance here aa a star at
the Columbia Theater on Sunday night.
4 The position held by Andrew Mack
among American stars la of the best,
and his productions of Irish comedy
are held in the highest possible esteem
by all classes of theater-groers through
out the East, where he has played "Tom
Moore," his latest success, over 1000
times. "Tom Moore." a play dealing
with certain romantic happenings In
the life of Ireland's favorite poet, will
be the bill for the first week of Andrew
Mack's engraffetnent.
During his engag-ement here Mr.
Mack will be surrounded by the same
eplcnfild company which accompanied
him to the A-ntipodes and which shared
In the general success of his produc
tions of "Tom Moore'" and "The Way to
Kenmare" when they were offered to
the people of the Antipodes.
Among- those who appear with the
star In "Tom Moore" are Albert An
draas. Edwin Brandt. William J. Town
ehend. William J. Butler. George W.
Dej-o, John Robertson. Edward J. Mc-
Cormlck, Eddie Heron. Thomas E.
Jackpon; Miss Josephine Lovett, Miss
Eva Baker. Miss Mac Stevenson and
Annie Mack Berlin.
Besides being an actor of superb
quality, Mr. Mack is possessed of an ef
fective light tenor voice, which he uses
to perfection In the rendition of songs
offered br Wni duringr th« performance
of "Tom Moore." Moore's famed ballads
used in this piece are "Evelyn's
Bower," "Ixjvv.'s Young: Dream." "Be
lieve Me If All Those Endearing Young
.Charms" and "The Last Rose of Sum
llmer." Mr. Mack will also sing some
compositions expressly written for use
by him In Tom Moor*." Seats duringr
th« Mack engagement are to be 11 50
to 25 cent*.
The noble life asks for more service
Instead of more servants.
GRATE«yPTS.
A lADY LECTURER
Feeds Nerves and Brain Scientifically.
. A lady lecturer writes from Philadel-
phia concerning: the use of right food
and how she Is enabled to withstand
the strain and wear and tear of her
arduous occupation. She aays:
"Through Improper food, imperfectly di-
gested, my health was completely
wrecked and I attribute my recovery en-
tirely to the regular use of Orape-Nuts
food. It has*. I assure you, proved an in-
estimable boon to me.
"Almost immediately after beginnin? He
use I found a gratifying change in my
k condition. The terrible weakmss that
formerly prostrated me after a few hours
of work wa*. perceptibly lessened by a
few days' use of Grape-Xuts and is now
only a memory— it never returns.
"Ten days after beginning it I experi-
enced a wonderful increase in mental
vigo* and physical energy, and continued
use has entirely freed me from the mis-
erable insomnia and nervousness from
which I used to suffer so much.
"I find Grape-Nuts very palatable and
Ijpould not be without the crisp, delicious
*Kjd for even a day on any considera-
tion. Indeed. I always carry it with me
en my lecture tour*."
There's a reason.
Read the little book, "The Road to
Wellville," in each Dkir '
FAMOUS WESTERN BEAUTY
IS MARRIED IN PARIS.
MISS EfllLY STUART TfIYLOR FLIGHTS
TROTH TO ERNEST A. VILTSEE. _
MRS. ERNEST A. WILTSEE. A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL, VvHO WA9 WEDDED
IX PARIS YESTERDAT TO A WELL-KNOWN CLUBMAN. MRS. WILTSEE
HAS SET PARIS AFLAME WITH HER BEAUTT.
The American colony In Paris Is asrog
over the wedding; of Miss Emily Stuart
Taylor and Ernest A. Wiltsee that was
celebrated Jn fit fashion yesterday, and
while the 6ervlce was simple and the
guest-list limited, the accoutrements of
the affair were in keeping with the ex
travagant beauty of the bride and the
esthetic taste of the groom— likewise com
mensurate with his wealth.
The bride spent her childhood In San
Francisco, leaving the West to complete
her education in .the convents of Paris
and of Switzerland, where she acquired
a happy acquaintance with the polite lan
guages and with the graces of the gay
Pariciennes. ;•\u25a0"
Though a beauty as a child. It was not
until she had reached womanhood that
the full splendor of her beauty wafc mani
fest Then all Paris fell to worshiping
the American divinity, aB she was called,
the artists and photographers vying with
one another for sittings.
Her debut was mads In Gotham a few
years ago, under the chaperonage of her
aunt, Mrs. Pierre Lorillard Sr., when the
debutante waa the motif for a splendid
ball. Thereafter she was entertained
by many of the Newjportset and by the
Astor family, but her heart yearned for
dear old Paris, where she has since made
her home.
It was while on a visit to New York
that Ernest Wiltsee met her. Always a
worshiper of, beauty— for note his devo
tion to Mrs. Hart McKee and divers not
ed stage beauties— he became her ardent
devotee, following; her to Paris.
Ratber good looking, of seductive voice
and persuasive personality, and possessed
of a bunch of sold mines and a few acres
of diamond fields, he grained the affection
of the petted American maid, and won
her hand againet a strong field.
Many of Mr. Wiltaee'g local club friends
had cabled their congratulations, which
were read at the supper that followed the
wedding services— for there are two In
Paris, the civil and the religious. ,
It is «aid that Mr. Wiltsee and his dash
iryj bride will visit New York during the
winter. If they do, It might occur to. the
pair to wander out to San Francisco,
where a cordial reception would ' greet
them.
sutclifk ' forgets what
double: eagle looks like
Quartermaster's Clerk Overpay* Hono
lulu Chauffeur f 3O nnd Earns Repu
tation of Being Money King;.
A. Sutcllff is a civilian attached to
the quartermaster's department of tho
army and for the last seven years has
been stationed in ftanila. He arrived
here yesterday on the transport Sher
man, home on a vacation. At Honolulu
there. is a chauffeur ' who believes that
Sutcllff Is' a multi-millionaire. It all
comes of Sutcllff having been away
from America so long that he lost the
ability to distinguish between the
golden eagle and the double eagle.
At Honolulu Sutcllff chartered an au
tomobile and gave it a busy time. The
ride ended, he told the chauffeur to
cotne aboard the Sherman and get his
money.
The chauffeur went ashore and told
the Honolulu newspaper men that he
bad presented to Sutcllff a bill for* $18
and that Sutcliff had extracted three
$20 gold pieces frotn a well-filled bag,
handed the golden tokens to the chaui
feur and told him to keep the change.
And so it was written in the Honolulu
papers. : i \u25a0 .'.
Sutcliff was shown a copy of one of
the papers yesterday and when he re
turns to Honolulu will, look up that
chauffeur, and make him disgorge sev
eral dollars. .. .~'.\ Z t
Eutnllff says the chauffeur, presented
a bill for $27 50. not for $18. The man
had "been very, obliging and Sutcllft
handed him what:' he thought at the
time were three $10 gold pieces, tell
ing him to keep the change.
He discovered his mistake later and
would have made 'no . kick had the
chauffeur told the truth about his bill.
He will ask that, chauffeur to return
Jittt 130
THE SAN \u25a0 FRANCISCO GALL; THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1905:
PERSONAL.
* H. Fraly of Reno, Nev., is registered at
the St. Francis. '
Congressman J. N. Gillette of Dureka
is at the PaJace. .
A. C. Hocking and wife of
are registered at the St. Francis.
J. J. O'Connor, a leading manufacturer
of Elmira, N. V.. is at the Palace.
Garry D. M. Sherman and family of
Atlantic City are at the St. Francis.
Dr. John J. GalLigher has gone to New
York, where he will remain for a month.
R. A. Farmer of the United States
Geological Survey is registered at the St.
Francis.
Colonel B. B. Bannister, a New York
capitalist, is registered at the St.
Francis.
Captain Campbell E. Babcock, quarter
master of the transport Sherman, Is at
the Occidental.
James Dempsey and W. Wente, promi
nent merchants of Manlstee, Mich., are
at the Palace.
Captain R. W. Rose of the United
States army, from tha Philippine Islands,
is booked at the 3t- Francis.
Mrs. Phoebe He.irst is spending a few
days in the city, and has her usual
apartments in the St. Francis.
Hon. James V. Coleman has returned
to San Francisco from a business trip to
New York, and hs.s taken apartments at
the St. Francis for the winter.
A. A. Green ami family are registered
at the Hotel St. Francis- from. Dallas,
Tex. Mr. Green is one- of the leading citi
zens of Dallas, and has a great many ac
quaintances in San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. • Phelps Montgomery of
New Haven, Conn., who are touring the
West, are at the St. Francis. They, are
accompanied by Sister Ellse of ' St.
Mary's Convent, New York.
Dr. Alexander K. Loder, eye, ear and
throat specialist, with offices in the city
of Mexico, Guadalajara' and Monterey,
Mexico, has associated himself with
Dr. George D. Rich of this city and will
maintain offices at 407-409 James Flood
building-. While Dr. Loder will devote
a large share of his time lii practice in
San Francisco his offices In ( the Mexi
can cities will be continued and will
receive his supervision In visits at
stated periods.
Calif ornlana In Ren- York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— the following
Californians have arrived In New York:
From San Francisco— M. H. Cook, at
the Astor: J. AI. Clare, at the Grand
Union; J. H. Ross, at the Union Square;
Miss Conens. at the Cosmopolitan; H.
Heyneman" and wife, at the Nether
lands; Mrs. A. Kornlck. at the Cosmo
politan; D. C McCold and H. Mullen, at
the Hotel Astor; 15. J. Regan, at the
Park Avenue.
From' Los Angeles— M. L.; Miller ,; "at
the Herald Siuare; C. Martin and wife,
at the Grand; J.L. Cobb. at the Broad
way Central.
Open for : Business.
We are roaklns: several alterations in our
store, which era complete in the picture, frame,
artist material.,, leather goods \u25a0 and Stationery
departments,' and customers \u25a0. can' be* waited
upon without the slightest ; Inconvenience. \u25a0 Hol
iday goods arriving ( dally. 'Come and sen us.
Eanborn. Vail & : Co.. 741 ' Market stvpet. -,: \u2666 : ;
WITNESS LEAVES TOWN.— Sheriff ; Curtis
yesterday reported, to Judge .Van Nostrand that
his deputies had ascertained ' that < Mrs. Jane
Rellly; - who had been subpenaed ; as a', witness
In the order of. examination Issued for her son,
James . ReiJly. had left the s city. The s son,
however, " has » slnc« settled *. the 'Judgment ob
tained against htm : by a \u25a0 collection agency.
Lomax $3.50 • Superior Sboei* for .lien.
. Unsurpassed, for .style, fit- and wearing: qual
ities. Lomax hlgh-Krade chocs. 18 Fourth st.*
RESsCUINQ, A BOY.— Samuel B. Molln ob
tained a writ of 'habeas corpus yesterday; from;
United Statw; District \u25a0 Judge '. d« Haven V for
his son, Bamuel, under 18 yean old, ; who en
listed on ' March 8. 1905, in x Colonel ;: Charles
Morris': command' at 'the . Presidio A without the
consent of hla parents; Judffe de '- Haven -* or
<o«red the writ returnable to-day at 10 a. m.
SMART DENIES
LENT'S CHARGE
A ccused Dairyman : Pleads
Not Guilty of Placing For
maldehyde in Milk Supply
CASE COMES UP TO-DAY
Health Officer Ragan Kises
to Defense of Inspection
AVork in His Department
George C. Smart, the* .; dairyman who
was arrested on the complaint of Eugene
Lent that his milk contained formalde
hyde which had caused serious illness . to
his two children, yesterday pleaded not
guilty to the charge in Police Judge
Cabaniss' court. By mutual request the
hearing went over until this morning.
Smart denies that he placed any formal
dehyde in his milk, leaving the; inference
that if any were found In it, it was placed
there after it left his dairy. \u25a0
The Health Board yesterday . detailed
Inspector Brady to make a thorough in
spection of Smart's dairy. Brady ; re
ported that he had been unable to find
any boxes containing formaldehyde or
preservatives of any kind on Smart's
premises. Health Officer Ragan : resents
the charge that the Health Department
has been negligent in the matter of food
inspection. Ragan issued the following
statement: .
"The serlouß Illness of the Lent chil
dren, duo to the drinking of the milk al
leged to be preserved with formaldehyde.
Is a matter to be regretted; but the at
tempt to charge any part in the unfortu
nate affair to the negligence of the
Board of Health demands a public ex
planation,
"The Board of Health does not rise to
the action of the accused dairy
raan,,';but In common justice it desires
to state that repeated analyses of the
milk taken from Mr. Smart's dairy or
his various delivery wagons shows all
these samples to be free from preserva
tives. These samples are gathered by
our milk inspectors, then brought to our
chemical laboratory for analyses, and
when this report Is submitted to the
Health Office executive action against of
fenders is instituted. In the particular
case, of Mr. Lent's . milk the Board of
Health could take no official action for
the very evident reason that its officers
and inspectors could not be a party to
the prosecution of this suit. The only
investigation open for the Board of
Health to pursue in this matter was an
inspection of the records of. the analyses
of milk coming from the dairy of Mr.
Wnart. This was done. An examination
of the dairy premises of Mr. Smart was
ordered made and everything in the
shape of fluids or solids, such as soap,
powders, etc., used in the cleansing of
cans, were ordered brought to the chem
ical laboratory for the purpose of deter
mining if any of these cleansing mate
rials showed the presence of formalde
hyde. The chemist's report has not yet
been submitted.
"During our supervision we have found
many cases In which preservatives were
found in the milk and in which the milk
waa otherwise adulterated or Impure,
and in every Instance the violator of this
milk ordinance' has been summoned to
the bar of Justice. Not only have we
caused the arrest of these offenders, but
we have published upon our bulletin
boards and in our^monthly^ medical bulle
tin a list of those dairymen and other
handlers of milk who have violated the
present regulation. Our examinations of
milk average about 200 samples monthly,
and this is the full measure of work that
we can exact from our chemical labora
tory with Its present force. The Board
of -Health deslrea to extend this charac
ter of work and asked for an increased
appropriation of money to be expended
in this line, but that request was not met
with the desired appropriation."
HOWE CLUB GIVES PLEASIXG
CONCERT AT THE ALHAMBRA
Select Programme Is Rendered by Or
chestra and Chorus la a Brilliant
Manner.
The fifth concert of the Howe Club
was held last night before a large au
dience at the Alhambra Theater. The
programme, which was under the di
rection of :james Howe, was rendered
In a brilliant manner. '
The • opening number on- the pro
gramme, an overture from Mozart, was
delightfully given by the orchestral
division of the club. Maurice Leon
Driver was forced to respond to . nu
moroua encores after he rendered tho
piano solo, "The Swallows." The ren
dering of. Gounod's I "Faust Scenes"
brought forth spontanous applause
from the audience. The programme
was as follows: -
Overture, "Titus" (Mozart), orchestral di
vision; (a) "Mighty Jehovah"— "Martyrs"
(Donizetti) (solo by Hugh Williamson), (b)
"Abide With Me" — "woman of Samaria"
(Bennett), (c) national hymn, '.'To Thee, O
Country" (Eicnberg),- choral and orchestral di
vision; pianoforte solo, "The Swallows" (Dri
ver), Maurice Leon Driver; "The Mariners"
(Randegger), solos by. Mrs. C. J. Well, Messrs.
R- R Mulr, 'Herbert B. : Medley? "Faust
Scenes" (Gounod), (solos uy Messrs. Crackbon,
Robertson, Klrsch. Calender and Kelly), cho
ral and orchestral divisions; Englieh glee, "The
Spider and the Fly" (Caldicott), choral division;
pianoforte solo, "The Winter Wind" (Driver),
Maurice Leon Driver; Waltz Song (Mllde), cho
ral division; (a) Evening Song for strings an«i
triangle (Loe«chhorn). (b) Minuet for strings
Boccherlni). double quintetfrom the orchestral
division- "Thanks Be rto God" — "Elijah"
(Mendelssohn), choral and orchestral division.
MANY. FEATURES ADDED TO , :
ST. : VINCENT DE PAUL FAIR
Friends of :, Mrs. O'Connor and Yadles
o« SodalWy ' Booth Will Give
an At Home.'
The St. Vincent de Paul Church fair,
which is being held at the Electrio
pavilion, Green and jStelner streets, la
offerlne-a special feature each even
ing.. There: are numerous attractions
offered ito I, men/V women and ' children
and ,the fair is attracting large crowds.
This evening the friend of Mrs.
O'Connor andthe ladies in charge of
the Sodality booth will give a night
at home/ A splendid programme ;haa
been arranged and some clever talent
has been engaged to entertain. ; - ;
Father Ryan; and a score of assistants
have been working I daily.adding new at
tractions. - It would^ be something < new
to : those^ who visited*; the 1 fair ons the
opening, nights. to 8 makes another ..visit.
The electrical /illuminations of the ' pa
vilion isfa:sight;wbrth witnessing.
Dr. Honnril Camtron,
Eye, L ear,' nose, throat ; specialist, ' has returned.
Office at 218 Stockton st., : Dana building.- • -'\u25a0
Urtbnru's 'Trial Continued.
.When 1 the second case against Julio
Z. . Urlbiiru; . charged V.withV felony \u25a0„ em-,'
bezzlement on - complaint jj of-; Madame
Lulsa.Tetfazzlnl,' the dlva/ : camo up, for
trfal In - Judge » Lawlor's~v court > yester-"
day, j District j Attorney; Bylngton : asked
for, acontinuance for a\week,'as Theo
dore ; Kytka, a J material; witness " in\ the
case, .was' engaged :; ln V another-? court:'
The • def en i dan t's \ attorney objected ;to
the \u25a0continuance, but ; it was -granted .by.
.thV'Judgc; - ; ' \u25a0
.'Cleanse and renovate the vital fluid; (or
blood) and • healthfully I stimulate .every
bodily function' with Lash's Bitters.' •,-
INSULTS WOMEN
OF AMERICA
President of Manila's^^ Muni
cipal Board Thrashed by
a Former Eough Eider
HEBEEEA APOLOGIZES
Prominent Filipino, While
Entertaining • Taf t Party,
Assails His Fair. Guests
The army people who arrived yesterday
on the transport Sheridan bring - from
Manila a hitherto unpublished . story of
the visit of the Taf t party to Manila.
The hero . is \u25a0 Captain George Curry, for
merly one of Roosevelt's Rough Riders,
now Governor of Samar. . The villain is
Cruz . Herrera, President of Manila's
Municipal Board.
Herrera gave a banquet at hla house in
honor of the distinguished visitors. Sec
retary of War Taft was there, Miss Alice
Roosevelt and the majority of those who
made up the Secretary's party. Every
thing went along beautifully until the
toast stage was reached. The host is
said to have paid liberal attention . to his
wine glass, and by. the time it ca&ne for
him to propose a toast he was laboring
under the handicap of a' large-sized Jag. -
| To the astonishment of his guests Her
rera's eloquence took the form of an ap
parently studied insult to the women of
America. He did not get very far when
Captain George Curry, In the words of
an officer who returned on the Sherman,
"pasted him in the face with a glass
of champagne," Curry threw glass and
all— and would have followed his act of
protest by further physical demonstra
tion but for the' Interference of other
guests. ; -
That ended the banquet, but Captain
Curry was not satisfied. A little later,
it is said, he saw Herrera riding in his
carriage. Curry ordered the coachman
to stop. He then pulled Herrera out of
the rig and. the Governor of Samar gave
the President of the Municipal Board
a thrashing which for vigorous complete
ness is said to rank with what Togo did
to the Russian fleet.
When : Herrera recovered he is said to
have .waited on Governor General Wright
and tendered an abject apology for what
he said about American women. He said
he was drunk and not responsible for his
words. Wright is said to have informed
him that officially he supposed he would
have to accept the -apology, but that as a
man he could do nothing of the kind,
as he believed that drunken men and
Children spoke their true thoughts, and
he, Wright, could have nothing but con
tempt for the man whose .mind pic
tured the women of America as Her
rera had spoken of them.
Herrera later was given an Indefinite
leave of absence. - \u25a0•
As official evidence that he had been
forgiven Heirera then invited Miss Roo«e
velt and some of her friends to pay an
other visit to his house and Secretary
Taft Is said to have raised a storm of
indignation by insisting that the invita
tion be accepted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
From Refugee to
Ambassador
C Who was it that, flee-
ing from a political
prison in his own country,
was sent back to Europe by
his adopted country, America,
as ambassador to one of the
old aristocratic courts? :;
That is one of the intensely
interestingf events in the Au-
tobiography of CarlSchurz
which begins in the Novem-
ber MCCLURE'S.
S.S.MeCLURE COMPANY
44. 60 East 28d Street
- -\u25a0\u25a0'\u0084' ! . .\u25a0 .. • . :\u25a0."\u25a0\u25a0
PALO ALTO.^^H
B^r The chance of a l'te-^HB
Hr tlltie - H'K, broad lots,
MM 50x150 and 200, a* low
WKm as |275. Facing VB
Bf STANFORD wl
H UNIVERSITY ||
\u25a0 Coment sidewalks, graded H
B •treets, to be dona free of cost : H
\u25a0R to purchasers. Buy now. Ba
\u25a0H You will never hj.ve another Ba
IB inch opportunity. \u25a0\u25a0 •• |10 a BR
month or cash. Call or send An
H^^ for pictorial catalogue.
hIL c. si. wooster co -^h
fI4S Market St^^^H
I The thousanda bf people who \u25a0\u25a0
write to va»i saying that
Consumption
f^m iftfk The Lung
V'UrC Tonic
cured them of chronic coughs,
: cannot all be mistaken. There
must be some truth in It. ',-'; _
. Try a bottle for that cough of yours.
Prices: S. ; CJ Wells & Co. 10
25c. 50c. $1. LeRoy.N.Y.. Toronto. Caal.
k..:-- \u25a0>-. ' - -.•-•\u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0 -.-•• -\u25a0\u25a0-.--\u25a0•-\u25a0- :.'\u25a0.\u25a0/, -.-'
FOR SHERIFF
Peter J, Curtis
REGULAR. : DEMOCRATIC AND
REPyBLICAN/ NOMBNEE.
jra JUST OUT:
. 131 W?* OLE SALERS
*kL I . Price . lists Cot ; Holiday Goods in
" J^«i ' Chinese i and .'-"Japanese . Fancy
V^ \ • Good»; Rare Art Curios; Antique
'' mk~-^- : ' Vf\ China:' Silk 'KmDrolderles, Teas,
K^.rn^r \ etc. Call or write for handsome
yf&lE^-fJ, Illustrated ' Catalogue. -
/\u25a0• 3i^f ; fook woH & c °-
Mmffflfci 707 Dvpont Et. - SAlf TBANf 1800
Weekly Call, $1 Pep Year
.' \u25a0\u25a0-_; '\u25a0'\u25a0 ' AD VERTISE3IEyTS. . •
\j/ !|*^ il T^ c ccr brewed by The CHrismn f jp\
I%^-S/ «^S^ Moerlcm Brewing Company. o( Cincinniti, V'v^
Imw\^2 IfjlfA T^ c amous °^ Cincinnati Extra Pale, is ihz \a
al/fl^l V* \ best beer in the -world. «jV
IWaFi I \ There arc four reasons — the £rst of which
f/I^JJ_^J-<*A ' li c fcwcf « l^ £ master of the brew — he j^\ 1
Jil^^^Z^^S "who mates the beer is the secret of the V£ : .«/
\jL '^Barejifi^^ excellence of Moerlcin's beer. TV
The fnest hops, the best malt from the bc3t y\W[j
I \ii\J^ barley that the world grows, and the porest air l^w*
\Wi * and water— these tfe the contributors to the best \/S?N
,/ THE CHRISTIAN MOERLEIN BREWING CO.
' I Jf> CINCINNATI. OHIO J|gi (
1^ SPOHN-PATRICK COMPANY (lacorponteti) Picik Cc«t Ajtats TJy
IC-18-30-2J Front St., Saa Francisco. Cal. f ''f^M
RiTIVOLIni
GRAND OPERA
Ferformance Begins at 8 o'clock sharp.
TO-NIGHT.
SONNAMBULA
With TETRAZZINI. Btielli. Qravtn*.
\u25a0 TO-MORROW NIGHT.
OTELLO
With Petrella. Grasse. AngtoletU. Balassa.
6ATURDAT MATINEE.
IL BARBIERG DI SIVIGI.IA
With TETRAZZINI. Bazelli. Gresorettl. Dado.
Cervl.
' SATURDAY NIGHT. '--
CARMEN
With Alice Colman. Tied, Coppola, Moreo,
D«do, Cervi.
SUNDAY NIGHT.
RIGOLETTO
With TETRAZZINI. Coppola. Gregor:tti.
REPERTOIRE FOR NEXT WEEK I
TUESDAY NIGHT— DINORAH
With' TETRAZZINI, Brazelli. Gregorettl.
WEDNESDAY NIGHT— OTELLO
THURSDAY NIGHT— LUCIA
FRIDAY NIGHT — LA BOHE3IE
With Coppola. Mono, Tlcci, Gravlna,
Dado.
SEATS ON SALE for All PERFORMANCES.
t*M l ILUIIII it S B fiascos
yULUR^IgIM LEADING IIEA.?i
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MAT. SATURDAY.
ELEANOR ROBSON
• In - Her International Success.
•IMERELY MARY ANN"
A natural comedy by Israel Zangwlll.
Last Tim* Saturday Night.
Berto»ta| SUNDAY NIGHT
Following His Great Australian Trlumplw,
ANDREW MACK
- In Hli Latest Irish Comedy Success.
"TOM MOORE."
Hear Andrew Mack render the splendid
sons hits. _ _^
Prices during Mack engagement. 25c to $1 80.
SEATS "NOW READY. .'- r -
v , BUSH STREET
PHONB MAIN 127.
CHAS. P. HALL, Manager.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING.
Matinees Friday. Saturday. Sunday.
The World Famous
"MAY HOWARD
EXTRAVAGANZA CO."
Presenting
••Mile. Fl-Fi" and "The Rounders"
Evening Prices— 10c. 15c. 25c, 60c. 75c. all
reserved. Matinees. 23c, all r«s«rved.
Next Week—^The Star Show Girls." .
GRAND SSSgg
EVERY NIGHT— M.KTINEE SAT. AND SUN.
The Most Popular American Play.
IN OLD
KENTUCKY
The Greatest of All . Horse Races
THE FAMOUS PICKANINNY BRASS BAND."
SPEOAL
OCT. 2»— SUNDAY MAT. AND NIGHT ONLT
PEGGY FROM PARIS .
cv™°"BEN~HUR"
:V«T *^ I F7 I T^ Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR ..iT-aa
, Business Manager.
'"A Company Of Stars." — CalL
"Remarkable production."— Chronicle.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN".
Winston Churchill's Civil War Romance,
mcßisis
Eves.,' 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat.. Sun., 23c to 800.
MATINEE NEXT SUNDAY.
NEXT MON.— -First Tiroe In Tills City
N Clyde Fitch's Eccentric Comedy,
APRIL WEATHER
• As Played by Scl Smith Kussell.
SOON — Virginia Harned'M IRIS. .
CENTRAL.';'
Market Street. Near Eighth: Opp. City HaU.
: Phone ; South 633. .-
• TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
: Tho Thrilling Melodrama.
''TRACKED AROUND
THE WORLD"
100 "People en tha Stag«l Gorgeous Scenery!
\u25a0-.. POPULAR PRICES— Evenings. 100 to 50c;
Matinees, 10c, 15c and 25c. .^BMBBBBsf
Next->THE GIRL .ENGINEER. 1 "
THE
PALACE
HOTEL
| * Compressed .' Air , cleaning plant.'; •
t Room ' telephones.* " .". . -
j Steam heat and open fires.
; -\ Perfect ventilation. '
s -l t Plp^ ; organ and orchestra.'
; Perfect ; service. : \u25a0'\u25a0. '\u25a0
Un«xo«ll«d cuisine.
.Every; luxury attainable." -
AMUSEMENTS.
roiticfpuLL
JM 119 EDDY ST. MMaDOV£ MASON
TO-XIGHT AXD SATURDAY
.MATIXKE. OCT. 21.
HAROLD BAUER
PIANIST
Reserved Seats. $2. *l 50 and $1. Now on
sale at Sherman. Clay * Co.'s.
Mason and Hamlin Piano Used.
SEATS READY THIS MORNIXOt
:^^p^p EMMA
Xli I- ft iin t v
ALHAMBRA THEATER c 5
. THURSDAY NIGHT. OCT. 2*. rti
SATURDAY MATIXEE. OCT. 29.
Prices — $3. $2. 1 1 50 and $1.
Box Offlc* »t Sherman. CUy & Co.'*.
wireless Telegraphy,
Demonstrated by Captain Bloomi
The Three »varo«s Raymond and Car- -
erly j Dean Edsall and Arthur Forb««.
. and Orphenm Motion Picture*. Last
Times of
ARTHUR PRINGE;
The Melanl Trio; Brownlns; anil IVally,
and
LESLIE & DAILEY.
Regular Matlne*» ET«ry W«dnesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— 10c. 230 and 60c
MAJESTIC'S'
BARGAI.V MATIXEE TO-DAY. 25c."
TO-MGHT AND ALI< THIS WEEK. , .
3IATIXEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE NEILLS
In Paul Leicester Ford's Virile Revolutionary
. Romance}
.JANICE MEREDITH.,
Next week — Frank Bacon In "Thfl County
Fair." Soon — "The Light Et«rnal." Prepara-
tion," "Lottery of Lot*." •
Coming — "If I Wer« Klnr."
Eventas*. 23c. 80c. 75c. Bat. Mat.. 250. «oe.
Baryaln Mats.Tbura. and Pun.,- 25c everywhere.
ARNOLDO'S JAGUARS.
PANTHERS AND LEOPARDS.
And a Hl«rh-Cla«i« Entertainment Erery
Afternoon and Evenlns la the Theater. •
TO-NIGUT.
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE „
Concluding: With a
Novelty Contest for Fat Ladles t
RIDE ON THE CIRCLE SWING!
. VISIT THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD ! .
RARE ANIMALS IN THE ZOO!
CAKE WALK SATURDAY NIGHT!
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN.. 5o
See the Babies In the Infant Incubator*.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL!
AT RECREATION PARK.
SEATTLE vs. OAKLAND
WED.. THURS. and FR1DAY...... 3:00 p. ml
SATURDAY • 8:00 p. m. .
SUNDAY 2:30 p. bb.
Admission. SSc; Grand Stand.* 50c
37UJ®UilaAiwm>
/fix Perfect Fitting fffS
IN eye yil
Yf GLASSES <fY
I ' l Broken Lenses rs* I "m •
Los Ahcjcles Times
SAN FRAKCISCO OFFICB *
IS NOW IN
Room 4. Chronicle Bldg.
Telephone Main 1472,
Arthur L. rish, Representativs
The Times Is the advertising-
> •medium of the- Southwest. i
(l -patents! ;)
MARKET ST.SI. ; ',
910
SPORTS
PAGE.
MURPHY LASTS
TWO MINUTES
Terrible Terry Lands Punch
After Punch Until the
Beferee Stops the Contest
NEW YORK BOY IS GAME
Former Champion. However,
Is at Him Before He Has a
Chance to Set Himself
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. IS.— Tommy
Murphy of New York was badly beaten
by Terry McGovern to-night at the Na
tional Athletic Club. It took 'McGovern
only two minute? and two seconds to
gain the victory. Murphy was so helpless
before the blows of the former champion
that the referee stepped in and saved
Murphy from probable serious injury. The
defeated man was frame to the end. Mc-
Govern showed his old-time form. fight-
Ing hard and fast from the sound of the
gong-
McGovern opened the round, swinging
hard to Murphy's face and neck. He
followed this with a hard blow to the
body and then to the ear before Murphy
could land. After that it was all Mc-
Govern. He landed at will. . Murphy be
gan mixing 1 it up and got the worst of it.
He was knocked down six times, and
each time he came to his feet he would
ftagger.
McGovern stood over him and struck
blow after blow. Finally Murphy be
came defenseless and the referee stepped
in and ended the uneven contest. Mur
phy was carried to his corner in an al
most unconscious condition.
The clubhouse was so crowded that
hundreds of persons were turned away.
Announcement was made that McGovern
and Corbett had agreed to meet in a six
round bout at the club in a short time.
SACRAMENTO BOY CARDED
FOR RACE WITH HO3IER BOY
Two I":im Greyhound* Will Meet in
Matt-h Coarse at IngleMlde Next
Sunday.
The courser, Sacramento
Boy, will meet Homer Boy in a match
race at Ing^leside coursing nark next
, Sunday afternoon. The race is the
main topic in coursing circles and will
undoubtedly prove a great trial, as
.both dogs have followers galore. Be
'jsidos the match race three other events
•arc scheduled to take place. Coursing
.will commence on Saturday at 11
o'clock and Sunday at 10 o'clock. Fol
lowing is the result of last night's
draw: ,
Open stake— Tom F.tz vs?. FiddKr; £an?e
rnon vs. Miss Viking; Dear Gaston vs. Uric
Flush; Intruder vs. Queen's Beauty: J. L.
Sullivan vs. Mi*« Lucile; Whisky Dick vs.
Bright Columbia; Black WizarJ vs. Rock
Puller; Little Freestone vs. Sweet Tooth; Cur
rie vs. Fre-» From Flaw; Luxury vs. Hermit;
Medea vs. Lady Leeds; Lupin vm Bu=y Boy;
Mi?£ Crawtord vs. Fiery Eye; Evea G vs.
Prometheus; Golden Buck vs. Lulu Girl; Bin
r.le PiUsh ye. Miss Rocklin; Menlo Belle vs.
For Gold; Real American vs. Rfta S; Mime-.-.
\t. Octavius; Commercial Traveler vs. Wait
lor Me: Wedgewood vs. Una; Fairrcouat Lata
vs. Butt In; Dolly Bishop vs. Pasha Pleasant;
Yellow Tail vs. Lady Fieldwicks; Werigiid vs.
Swiftwater Bill; Magnolia Blossom vs. M:nnie
Brewer; Annie Gill vs. Ouida; Odd Eyes t»
Moonbeam; In Time vs. Pure Pearl; Vina v».
Eiue Bell; St. Julian Bell vs. Euratius;
Lampar.tl vs. Brieht Peari.
Reserve stake — Peerless Beauty vf. Sir W'n
ton; Winnir.g Friend vs. Royal Fr:erd; Badly
T'sed v«. Gallact Friend; Whoa Bill vs. Thi
Earl: Little Dainty vs. Queec'i? Motto; Ms.
Brurnmel vs. Galveeton: Capital Lady vs. Vat-
U)o Star; Limerick Boy vs. Little Claude;
Rowena Belle vs. Sunny Brook; The M.st '^c.
Fairy Belle; Pagliaccl vs. Pony Capital; Fenli
V 6. The Rival: Golden Wand vb. Rose of Gdl.l;
llellonwood vs. Gloomy Gua; Cubanola vs. J R;
-Judg? ye. Our Motto; Ruby Sankey vs. Evil
' Eye; Rapid 'Water vs. Lady Kelp; Terrah v»
J»retta; Edervale vs. lodene; Helen Drew vs.
Bluf Eye*; Tlppecanoe vp. Colored Lady; Lit
tle Plunger ye. R W; The Old Peach vs. My
Surrir'e*.
Champion stake — Mi Amigo vs. Conroy:
Sampler vs. Butte City; Fair Flying v». Mickey
Free; Miss Ems>y ye. Honest John; Trale?
Maid vs. Bon Ami: Crazy Jane vs. The Duke;
Orsica vs. Barney Rey; Race King vs. Gambit.
Match rac* — Sacramento Boy vs. Homer Boy.
6PLIT-A-DOTTLE PROVES TO
BE WOXDERFIX COURSER
Dispose* of Flrrr Badem and The Har
vest Hand in the I'uturUj- Trial-*
at Chapman, Kan*.
CHAPMAN, Kans., Oct. 18. — The at
tendance at the National Futurity
coursing matches to-day was large.
Seventy-two dogs were paired in the
eecoud trials and eighteen in* the third
trials. The finals will be reached to
morrow, after which comes the puppy
races. The jacks were in good form to
day and more than half reached escape
•openings.
The second and third rounds of the
Futurity stake were run to-day by win
ners in the first round, which was made
yesterday.
The continued cold and cloudy
v.f ather did not discourage the 2000
people who were In attendance to-day,
though It made the racing more diffi
cult. There . was some fine coursing
and no breaks. v- \u25a0.,'..;"
The betting was heavy on the dogs
making the second round. The Interest
In this round of thirty-six braces was
particularly centered in fipllt-a-Bottle,
owned by j Wilson & Allen of Victor,
C 010... and Fiery Badem, an Imported
bound, entered by D. K. Carter of Cot
tonwood Falls, Kans. • Several thou
sand dollars were bet on this brace.
The pair were well mated, the Jack a
grood one, run lengthy and hard made.
Spllt-a-Bottle won out by a score of
6 to 4. In the third round he was
paired with The Harvest Hand, owned
by A. G. Home of Selden, Kans., which
he won by a score of 8 to 0.
. . The third round was run by eighteen
braces and finished late this evening.
These will enter the fourth round to
morrow. In the second round 66 per
cent of the jacks were killed and 50
per cent in the third.-"
GOOD SPOUT IS PROMISED
\u25a0 AT UXIOX COUItSIXG PARK
..The sport at Union coursing park
next Sunday promises to be lively. The
programme consists of a sixty-four
dog open stake and the balance of the
reserve and class stakes left over from
last Sunday. Coursing, as usual, will
commence on the arrival of the special
electric car from this city. Following
is the result of last night's draw: '
•' -Open 6take — Russel J vs. Roman Fire; Alice
Duna vs. Humboldt; Wlla Gut vs. Eric Flush-
Secretive vs. Carlow Hoy; Miss Gambit vs'
Happy IjsA; Ready Rider vs. Blaze; Irvlngton
Boy. vs. Tralee Lad; Rushaway vs. Fire Maid;
False Alarm vs. Frank tmnn; Fiery Rock v'
Wild Mamie; Lost Chord vs. Forest Fire; Po
jnona vt. Gold Chain: Tamora vs. Mat Ralnpy
Roman Actreea vs. Cleon; Mupcsj- ye. Hudson-
Wild Peas \-s. Jim Ryan; Black Tralee vs.
Jimmy Allen; Young- Pepper vs. Frisco Lad*
Golden vs. Stlcgaree; The Roman vs. The Ar
row; Reckless Acrobat ye. Blanche Jewett; Ina
Cissus vs. The Referee; Allbe Royal vii. L L C-
Amandeu vs. King V; giroc v». Rocked Asleep-
Sherman vs. Davy Crockett; Mr. Lonjers vs".
Fair Warning-; Wild Mt« vb. Angus Cissus*
Four Paw vs. Camber; Shotgun vs. Belle Ma'
rte; Maeter . Garrison v». Presto: The Navy
v». ilr. Zignegs.
M'GOVERN AGAIN IS A HERO
MISS HOTCHKISS
STAR OF COURTS
Berkeley Girl Becomes Tennis Champion of
Bay Counties by Defeating Mrs. Wattson.
Miss Hazel Hotchkiss won the first
annual championship of the bay coun
ties on tlie Golden Gate Park tennis
courts yesterday. In the finals she
disposed of Mrs. C. : Wattson of the
ladies' annex easily. The match went
in straight sets. Misa Hotchkiss win
ning by a score of 6-2. 6-2.
Mrs. V» T attson played j?ood tennis in
her matches last Saturday, and was ex
pected to make a good showing, yester
day. She appeared nervous, and was
without her usual speed. On the other
hand. Miss Hotclikiss was fully fifteen
better than on Saturday, and made but
very few errors. The chan>pion out
played her opponent, both at the net
and in the back court, and won with
out exerting: herself.
In the first Bet many of the games
were close, and Mrs. Wattson made a
good showing. Miss Hotchkiss made
no effort to get- to the net in the sec
ond set. but stayed in the back court
and drove tho balls out of her
opponent's reach time and time again.
As a result of her victory Miss Hotch
kiss will hold the Lloyd challenge cup
for a year.
HEXRY FL.ITTXER AVILX.
CUT IX THIS SEASOX
Billy Colt on Dlftcovers a Promtnins
• Youuer Jockey -in the Person of *
E. Robinson.
• .The well-known bookmaker, Henry
Fiittner, arrived from New York, yes
terday, accompanied by his wife and
youns son. Henry says that Charley
Pettingill and Jimmy Jackson left New
York to try the game at Latonia, and
that later on. both will be out here. '
', Billy Cotton, who reached j Oakland
ear^y in the week with the Applegate
siring, has a very promising rider in
E. Robinson. The youngster carved
out quite a name for himself at the
Southern tracks. . . .
j Barney Schrelber's big string ot
horses was due to reach Oakland yes
terday some .time, the train being late.
: The car bringing Lamasney Brothers'
horses was sidetracked at Emeryville
yesterday. Allopath, Ink and Chris
tine A are still three of the stable's
breadwinners. "
\ Charley Quinn. who has been back
for some days afiter a prosperous sea
son on the New York^ tracks, predicts
big things for the approaching winter
racing.
Harry Green's horses, will be shipped
from Spokane for . Oakland to-day.
Ebel Thatcher, and Royalty "are his two
best ones. Sherwood, it will be' re
membered by- many, rode the last
named horse on the closing day at
Oakland last spring.
AUTOS WILL HAVE RIGHT
OF WAY ON FOOTBALL DAY
For the First Tine in the History of
Stanford University Motor Cars
Are to Be Admitted.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 18.—
To enable as many, people as possible
to visit the campus of Stanford Uni
versity at the time of the intercol
legiate football same between Stanford
and California on November 11 another
of the regulations made by Mrs. Stan
ford will be' removed temporarily. The
Important move made by. the authori
ties is to allow automobiles the privi
lege of using certain, of the roadways
leading- to the gridiron.
University avenue,, the main drive
leading to the "quad," will remain
closed, but Embaracadero road, which
branches from the county thoroughfare
some distance below the entrance, 5 will
be thrown open* as far as the Faculty
Club house, at which point all machines
will be required to stop. A, number, of
helpers from garages in Palo Alto have
been secured .for the occasion to see
that the equipages left there come to
no harm. Beyond -this route all tres
passers will be dealt with severely.'
Horseman Says He Was Dragged.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 18.'— Thomas Leon
ard, a horseman who ' recently came
here from Los. Angeles and who was
arrested last night on a charge of
drunkenness, reported to the police this
morning that he had ' been ' given
knockout drops in^a- glass of beer
shortly before his "arrest by another
horseman, known .as "Alameda Bill,"
and robbed of about $300. "Alameda
Bill" has not -yet been located by the
police.
Burns; Throws Dwyer.
DES MOINES. lowa, Oct.' lB.— Farmer
Burns defeated iL J. Dwyer in a wrest
ling match, mixed style, here this even-
In. Dwyer won the first fall at Cornish
wrestling style In 19 - minutes and
Burns the second and third at catch-as
catch-can In 9 and 15 minutes, respect
ively. -- - .- -v., . . \u0084w, \u0084„.,, ..:. \u0084.^,.,:^i.
THE SAN: FRANCISCO .CALL; : THURSDAY, J'J, l»»n.
BERKELEY GIRL WHO WON THE
BAY COUNTIES TENNIS CHAM
PIONBHIP YESTERDAY.
BRITT AFTER
NELSON AGAIN
Jimmy Is Willing to Let
the Battling Dane Have
Everything His Own Way
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Colo., Oct. 18.— Jimmy Brltt
posted to-day with Otto Floto, a sporting
writer, a check for JlOOO as a "forfeit for
a return fight with Battling Nelson. Britt
said:
"I will let him name the terms. He
can select the referee. He can name the
amount of the side bet. He can name the
number of rounds. In short, it's up to him.
I have not failed to give Nelson credit for
his. victory. over.me. .Not that I think he
is the better man, but because he won
and to the'victor goes the spoils. \ .
"I don't want, to offer any excuse, but
any one who sees the pictures will dis
cern that I happened to be . in a corner
against the ropes, when the fatal blow
was delivered. You will see Nelson with
his head down, having no more idea
where his blow is going to land than he
has of flying. .
"He happened to .land. He has been
proclaiming that I was afraid to meet
him. I am going further with him than
I ever went. in negotiating with an op
ponent before and . think it no egotism
when I say that as a matchmaker I at
least am entitled to'some recognition."
CRY OUT AGAINST UMPIRE.
, PORTLAND, Oct. 18.— San Francisco
won. the opening game ;of the final
series here to-day through errors and
poor work on the part of Umpire Ran
kin. Nealbri' bunted* the; third strike
and the' ball- went'foul, but the umpire
said no, and then with) two foul strikes
on Householder the. batter "swung ,ori
the third, but, the official did not call
it, and each of the; extra chances of
these two players and the resulting er
rors or outs netted three runs in- the
eighth Inning without the assistance of
a hit. 1 . Portland's two runs were earned.
The score:' .v ' ' V. : ;
PORTLAND.
•- AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Ata. 55.... 4 0 1,1 4 1
Van Buren. 1. f 8 1 1 1 o , ol
Mitchell,- lb ........... 4 1 1.13 Oil
Scblafley. , 2b ....2 0 0 22 li
McLean c... ....8 0 1 52 O'
McHale.'c. f.:. .......... 3 0 1 1 0 0!
Sweeney, 3b ............ 8 0 0' 1 4 o1o 1
Cites, r.f..... .......... S 0 0 0 0' ol
Fssick, p ........3-0 1-0 3-2
Totals ...28 2 6 24 15 • 5
SAN FRANCISCO.
. " ;AB.;R. BH. PO. a". E.
Waldron. c. f.. 8..-1. 0, 0 0 0
Mchler 2b 3 1 O 3 4 0
Spencer. I- f... 4 0' 1 3 0 0
Nealcn. lb 4' ,1 0--14' 2.0
Housiholder, r. f. .....: 3- ;<) 0. l o 0
lrwln,-3b ; : 4 0 12 3 >\u25a0 0
Gochnauerss.... \u25a0...\u25a0...'.\u25a0 4 .. 0 2 1 l o
W.lison, c ........II 1 034 0
Williams, p. .............. 3 0 0 0 5 0
Totals ...1'.. ........23' 4* 4 27 19 ~0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland ....'..... 0 0 . 0 : 0-0 02 0 o—2
Bans hits V..... 0.0 0 00 1« 4 ; 1- 0— «
Ban Francisco ... 0: 0 ,1, 1 0•" 0 : 00 3' x-i-4
Base hits'......' 0 0 Q 011 0 ;2 x— i
SUiIMARY. 1
Struck out— By \u25a0 E*sick^ 5, by Williams 3
Bases on balls^Oft Essick 8. : off Will ami 2
Two-base hits— Essick. ; Irwln. , First . base on
errors — San; Francisco •4. \u25a0- Double ? play — Wil
liams to Nealon; to Irwln. '-Left on bases—Port
land -3 San Francisco 1" 8. :; Sacrlflc- *= hits—
Schlafley, \u25a0 MeLeani - Householder,^ M'-h 1 - r, •:WH: WH -
Hams.: Stolen ':bases-^-MrHale,-rNeilon'. O'ch
nauer. - Hit by '\u25a0\u25a0 pitched : ball — Wilson.-- \u25a0'. Passed
ball— McLsar, — 2; hours.: Um
slre — Rankl' ' , \u25a0 \u25a0. r
OAKLAND GOING
DOWN THE LINE
Siwashes Come Bight Back
and Make It Two Without
Overlooking One Chance
SHIELDS HAS GOOD DAY
After Starting : Off With| a
Run Losers Take Slump
and Never Figure Again
I STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
! PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
} ' \u25a0\u25a0'.' -W. L. Pctl ' .. ;W. LiPct.
Oakland ....39 33 .5^3 Portland 2» 80 .842
I Los Angeles. Bts 31 .sa. Seattle :.;... 31 33 .484
| San Fran....35 34 .SO.liacoma 27 36 .429
RESULTS OF GAMES.
Seattle 3, Oakland 1.
San Francluco 4, Portland 2.
Los Angeles 6, : Tacoiua 4.
GAMES TO-DAY.
Oakland-Seattle, Rrecreation Paris.' ?
San FranclMCO. at Portland.
Tncouiu at Los Aiijjeles.
If the Commuters do not wade in pret
ty strong right away and play some
baseball the Angels will be the head
liners in the chase after the Hag. By ;
the defeat of Oakland yesterday Loa !
Angeles climbed right up near the top i
seat of the bandw agon, and now Oak-,j
land has a lead of only- a couple of
points. Bad baseball is doing this and
unless something comes to pass in
hurry-up time Oakland is liable to hit
that old toboggan soon and land down
in the cellar.
In the meanwhile the Slwashesare
doing a bit of nice work each day.
They played some yesterday and, with
Shields pitching his usual bright game,
victory came easily in the last two in
nings. Oakland led up to that time,
but as soon as Seattle began to show
signs of coming through the Commut
ers, as usual, got busy and quit.
After making a good start, Oakland
stood still for the balance of the game.
Van Haitren ushered in the first inning
by beating out -a bunt, and Streib's er
ror of Dunleavy's souse sent him
around to third. Moskiman whished
out a grounder and while he was being
retired old Van slid safely in .with the
only run Oakland was able to negoti
ate.
Blexrud, the lowa busher, was there
till the seventh, when the Siwashes
managed to squeeze a run over on him.
Blankenship singled and Strelb bunted
him along the route. Lauterborn hit,
and when Dunleavy booted the ball
Blankenship took advantage of the
misplay and hotfooted till he arrived
with the run that tied it up.
But the deadlock remained only for
this one inning.' Seattle came right
back in the eighth and sent a delega
tion of two over in jig time. Bennett
straightened out one of Mr. Blexrud's
corncobs and Kane swung on a fast one
that made a noise like a two-base hit.
Bennett easily came .through on this
wallop. After this there was nothing to
It. Kelly and Devereaux quickly fumbled
the next two that came along and Kane
arrived in a twinkling, : making
score 3 to 1, the way It stood when fin
ishing time was at hand. The score:
_ . SEATTLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bennett, 2b 41 1 13 1 1
Kane, c. f 4.1 1 0 8 1 0
J. Walters, r. f 4• O 0 1 1 0 1
Blankenship, c....... 4 1 1 09 1 0
Strelb, lb 8 0 10 6 1 1
Lauterborn, 3b 8 o 0 13 8 0
Hall. s. s 4 0 0 0 12 0
H. Walters, 1. f 8 0 00 1 0 0
Shields, p 8 0 *0 0 0 1 2
Total .82 8 4 3 27 10 5
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haitren, c. t.... 4 110 4 0 0
Kruger, r. f 40 1 00 0 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 4 0 2 0 2 0 1
Moskiman, lb. 4 0 0 0 13 0 0
Kelley, 2b........... 4 0 0 0 1 8 2
Devereaux, b. s 4 0 1 0 2 4 2
Richards, 8b 3 0 0 0 11 0
Byrnes, c 3 0 0 0 4 1 0
Blexrud, p .3 0 00 0 4 0
" Totals 83 1 6 0 27 13 6
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 o—B
Base hits .0 0 0 0 0 0 12 I—4
Oakland 1 00 0 00 0 00—1
Base hits 10 10 0 1 1 10—6
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits — Dunleavy. Kane. Sacrifice
hits — Strelb. Lauterborn. First base on errors
— Oakland 4, Seattle \u25a0 4. h "Lett on basea — Oak
land 6. Seattle 4.v Struck out— By Shields 7,
by Blexrud 3. Double play — Kane to Strelb.
Time of game — One hour and - thirty minutes.
Umpire — Davis. •. • '•/;*.,
BAOAN STARTS WITH HOMER.
However, the Angela Wade In and Soon
Bat Out Victory.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 18.— In a game
characterized by hard hitting and some
sharp fielding; on both aides Los An
geles to-day defeated Tacoma by the
score of 6 to 4. In the first half of
the opening inning Tacoma scored three
runs oft Tozer. After Sheehan/ had
walked and Nordyke singled, Eagan put
the ball over the fence for a home run.
Cravath for Los Angeles also lined out
a homer in the fifth inning, when there
was no one on bases. . In Los \u25a0, Angeles'
half of the first ; inning It secured
three hits and; two runs: off Emerson,
and followed it up In the second inning
with three more hits and another run.
Brown supplanted Emerson In the third
inninpr, but he was not given good sup
port, and made a poor: showing, v The
fielding of Ross was a' feature. He ac
cepted five chances in left field, and
some of them were difficult. The home
team played. without an error through
out. Score: )
\u25a0I ; ' LOS ANGELES/ ,.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard, c* f. ...... B 0 1 0 10 0
Flood ib & 18 0 5 2 0
smith, lb ::.:: \u2666 i i o o so
Dillon, 1b... < 0} o'lB 0 0
R^Tf r -.f;.::::::T o 1 1 111
fo^£.:-:.......4 i 2 o:--$ ; ogo
tSp:v::::::::::j j J Ji ji
. Totals ..........86 8 12 2: 27 - 15 • 0
. ' TACOMA. :
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle r f. ........ *~ 1 . 1 0.. 1 ,1.0
Sheehan.\3b . . : - 3 1 0 0 0 10
Nordyke. 1b, ....:... * 1 \ 0 8 0 0
Mclaughlin; 1. t. '_. . 4 or , 0 0,600
Lynch c.r. * ° 1 ° ?. 0 0
Si 2b -3 0.1 0 .'5 SO
Graham, o. ........ 3 0 1 0 6 0 0
Fmerson, p V. 1 .0 . 0 0 0 0, 0
Totals . . ... :. • • .31': ..: 4 \u25a0 7 0 24' . 0 : .". 1
RUNS AND HITS; BY. INNINGS.
Loa Angeles ". . ... 2 1 0 0 ' 1 2-0 0 . x— 6
Base hits ..... 3 3 1 0 1 3 0 1,1-12
Tacoma 3 0 10 0 0 0 0- 0— 4
•-. Base hits ..... 3 -0 2 0 0' 0\ 2 0 o—7
m&M
' Hits ' made— Oft - Emerson '- 6, • oft - Brown '• 6.'
Home- runs — Eagon, ; , Cravath/i Two-baae'hlt —
, Flood/ Sacrifice \u25a0 hit — Shcehan. '.. Left on : bases—
Los "Angeles 8, Tacoma 2. •• Bases on balls-^-Off
Tozer ' 2, oft - Emerson I, ' oft ' Brown • 1. >:,; Struck
out— By -; Emerson ;1, by Tozer 2. : Double
plays — Toman .to ' Flood, to Dillon - (2). j Tims
of came— One hour and 40 minutes.',. Umpire— -
P«rrin«. ' :
GAMARA GETS
RACE ON FOUL
Coy Maid leads the Bunch,
: but Interferes With Sec
ond Horse in \u2666 the Stretch
START A VERY BAD ONE
Black Prince and Rose of
Dawn, Two Likely Ones,
Are Left Behind the Field
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. NEW YORK, Oct.' 18.— Eight horses
made Up the field ' in the Southampton
handicap, with Tongorder the favorite,
to-day. : The \ latter showed .'little ; speed,
and was beaten many lengths at the end.
Coy Maid raced home in front, but the
race was taken away from her, as she
swerved in the stretch and interfered
with Gamara.
The start was bad, Rose of Dawn and
Black Prince being left at the post. Coy
Maid and Gamara got off well, and for
about six furlongs were leading. Turn
ing into the stretch Gamara took . the
lead, but in the last sixteenth. Coy Maid
again went to the front and held the lead
to the end, only to. lose it on a foul to
Gamara." Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; for
all aces: . .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Bto s— Gold Rose, 92 (Miller).. 113 IB
i sto I— Frontenac, 114 (Perrlne).. 2 312 4
L 25 to I— Toscan, 110 (Helgesen).. 4 4 % 3Vt
Time, 1:12 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. Dowltt'a eh. f. by Gold 'Crest-
Roeeban. Graceful, Ivan the Terrible,\ Bad
News, Pat Bulger, Astarlta, Isadaley and Cog
nomen finished aa named.
SECOND RACE— One and a quarter miles;
selling; for three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. 9i Fin.
11 to s— The Southerner, 102 (Knp) 5 6 % 1 2
Bto I— Oro, 04 (Miller) 8 5 1 21%
oto I— Sonoma Belle, 88 (Garrfer) 7 7^32
Time, 2:C6. Start good. Won ridden out.
"Winner. J»I. Corbett's br. c. by The Commoner-
Vie. Sir Brillar. Jack Young, Athlone, Red
Ruler, Rosamond, Stroma, Lord Badge, Joe
Lesser and Panique finished aa named.
THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
selling: for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7to I— La Sorclere. 104 (Sewell) 6 12 16
7to I—Andria.1 — Andria. 101 (Perrine)... 5 8 2 22
15 to I— H.Johnson,lo2 (Romnelll) 9 4 3 3%.
Time, 1:06 3-5. Statt fair. Won easily.
Winner, C. E. Rowe's b. c. by Sorcerer-IHma
B. Montanus. Ingleside, Margaret M, Mollle
Donohue, Crossways, Rustling Silk. Cassandra,
Incorrigible, There Now, Ldttla Flea. Golds
boro and Ala Russell finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— The Southampton Handi
cap; one and a sixteenth miles; three-year
olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7to I— * Coy Maid. 100 (Notter).. 1 1 h 1 l'£
10 to I— Gamara, 99 (Perrine) .... 4 8 Vt 2 h
15 to I— Woodsaw. US (Davis). . . 8 6 % 3 h
•Time, 1:47 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Kenilworth Stables' b. c. by Sorcerer-
Pixey. True Wing, Incantation, J Tongorder,
Rose o: Dawn and Black Prince finished aa
named. \u25a0 'Disqualified for fouling.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-old maiden fillies ; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
7to 2— Delude, 110 (Miller)... 3 23 In
7to I— Usury, 110 (Sperling). ..... 4 12 '210
Bto I—Caprice1 — Caprice 110 (McDaniel) ... 5 4135
. Time. 1:07. Start good. Won driving. Winner,
6. J. Lawless b. t. by His Highness-Charm.
Annetta Lady. lolanda, Meddling Daisy. Fan
ny Good, : Julia. Skyte, Maudlna. Misa Lingard
and Azure finished as named.
, •• * t • . .
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
maidens, three-year-olds and up; purse: •
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Bto I— Banker. 110 (J. Martin).. 7 ... 11
4to I— Brilliant. 107 (W. Knapp) 4 ... 28
3tol — Copper, 110 (Kunz)... 6 ... 3 n
Time, 1 :48 3-3. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. Galway*s b. c. by Belvedere-Lady
Hawkstone. Chrysolite, • ; Gambler, Norn de
Plume. Father D and Myrlca finished ac
named.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. — The following
are the entries for to-morrow at Ja
maica:
First race, five and a half furlongs — Oak
Duke 122, Klnleydale 112, Arklirta 112. Father
Catchem 112. Benevolent 112, Devlltree 109,.
Sufficiency 100, Old Guard 107.
Second race, six furlohgs, selling— Collector
Jeesup 123,' 81ue Coat 109, Cottage Maid 105,
Adios 105, King Pepper 105, Cover D. Lion 103,
Quadrille 103, Monte Carlo 103, Shady Lad 100.
Rebo 100, Water Mirror 100, Garvin C 98, Pla
toon 03, Massa 95, Rob Roy 105..
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles. handi
cap—Colonial Girl 126, Alma Dufour 117, Ma
bel Richardson 105. Graceful 105, • Palette 100,
Miss Crawford 97, Ancestor 92. Novena 90, Jen
nie McCabe 90, Gold Braid 87.
Fourth race, six furlonga, Hcrapstead Stakes
— KUngßOr 107, Sufficiency 106, Hector . 104.
Mlntla 102, Arklirta 102, Caprice 99. Brother
Frank 8.7, Birmingham 97, "Water Tank 94. Wa
ter Grass 99, Sly Ben 110, Miss Point 99. Be
nevolent 102, Third Alarm 102, Lancastrian 107.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Sals 3 10, McGrathlana Prince 105. Bronze
Wlnp 103, Jetsam 102, Yorkshire Lad 100.
iyArkle 00. Glow Star 93, Pronta 98, "Water
ford 08, Jane .'Holly 98, carrle Jones 97. No
vena 95, Ismalian 95, Maesa 90, Celebration 105,
Arrah'Gowan 103, Port Arthur 93. ,
Sixth race,' one mile and a furlong, handicap
, Red Knight 126, Alma Duf our 117, Glnnette
110. Sailor Boy 97. X.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Klnleydale, Father
Catcbem, Oak Duke.
Second race— Quadrille, Shady Lad,
Monte Carlo. . .
Third race— Colonial GlrL Alma Dn
fonr, >Ila» Crawford. \u0084
Fourth race — Caprice, Arllnta,
Brother Frank.
Fifth race— DArkle, Yorkshire Lad,
Pronta. : , ;'T '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0', \u25a0': '
Sixth race — Alma Dufonr, Red
Knieht, Glnnette.* '
Weather clear. Track fast.
GAMBLERS AGAIN CAUGHT '
FLASHING THE WINNERS
Xeir York Tonta Bunko . the Poolrooms
With a Secret Telegraph
Wire. r- \u25a0
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— An effort to beat
the poolrooms by "flashing" the winners
over the telegraph . wires with * which
connection ; had been made Just outside
the track .was frustrated at Jamaica
yesterday; by detectives "\u25a0 police the
Metropolitan , Jockey Club tracks. The
detectives ,v discovered two young V men
making signals to an =\u25a0 accomplice outside
the grounds Just after; the .• fourth race
and placed them i under arrest. I;.:.
-'\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0When searched the police found on the
men several 'small ' boards about 'a foot
long on' which were painted figures from
Ito2o in bright yellow on' a black back
ground. ' .These numbers represented the
horses in each ;race.:: The men 'lnside the
track stood 'close to the finish line and as
the winner 9 ' dashed r home .they i marked
down on a card .the numbers of .the three
leaders i and j then \u25a0', ran tto * a point > from
which; they could be seen by" the accom
plice outside: /, V .' * , •
\u25a0 Search (of the , grounds and ; adjoin-.
Ing cottages revealed' a telegraph plant In
full operation. ,/ /A- telegraph -wire } from
the main r -: line ; ran into ? one ; of; the ., cot
tages. It was ?b? by 7 1thisf wire "that the re
sults'.were sent In' advance' of the regular
service.' ; Friends of the \u25a0 men ]at the track
were thus^ enabled^ to place; bets in- this
city :on ' the s winners long ; before the , re
sults were known! to the proprietors of
poolrooms.^. ~ ;.
V .The. cash register church. makes but a
poor^ record above/ • ,
GOOD DAY FOR
THE MUDLARKS
Kairi Sets In at Latonia
and the Outsiders All
Wade Into the Kunning
LETA DUFFY COMES IN
Hot Toddy, the Favorite, Has
to Be Content With Second
Money and Osee Is Next
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 18.— Heavy rain thl3
morning left the track at Latonia in a
very sfoppy condition and gave the mud
ders a chance to win some money. Tit*
handicap for two-year-olds at six fur-
Icngs, In which five of the best young
sters at the track faced the starter, was
the feature. Leta Duffy, an outMdor,
won easily from Hot Toddy, the favor
ite. Osee, the pacemaker, finished third.
Summary: --^
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furl©-!gn; j
two-year-olds; maidens; purse:
Bttting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
15tol— Welsh. 103 (Daly) 4 3% 11
7to 2— Hedxethorn 108 (Nicol). 9 2 2 2 2
BOtol— Bourb. News. 101 (Tomn) 2 13 3 h
Time. 1:00 3-5. Start good. Won haniily.
Winner. M. J. Daly's eh. g. by Riley-Guesa
Me. Royal Income 98, Ac!esso 106, Mr. Wad
leigh 88, Oberoa 103 Wild Ind'an 103. O:iver
I*o. Elkdom 111. J. H. Montgomery 101. Great
King Alive 101, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
Bto I— Chief Milliken 98 (Allen) 5 Itt 110
Even— Dr. Wang, 105 (Mcrris).. 3 2 1 21
Btoii — Intense. 99 (Hicks) 2 45 32
Time. 1:44.- Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. H. Baker & Co.'s br. c. (3) by Henry
Young-Charlotte Cushman. Tete Noir 96. Lit
tle Giant 107, J. P. May berry IC2. Sa-ah
Maxim 102, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; thr«j-year-old3
and upward; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey St. *4 Fin.
6to s—Roscoe5 — Roscoe ICB . (M0t15).... 5 12 1 Hi
16 to 5— J. Rattlin. 105 (Digging) 3 3 6 2 5
25tol— F. Bell. 106 (Shea) 9 2 H 3 2
Time. 1:17. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. W. T. Muir's b. c (3) by Russell-Tlldee.
The Only. Way 97. Marco 106. Belltoon* 10T.
Ayr 107. . Signal II 102. Oddoletta 101, EJ
Early 102. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. JocJtey. St. »J Fin.
13tol— Leta Duffy, 105 (Allen). 2 44 13
11 to 10— Hot Toddy, 106 (Treubl) 3 2 % 2 H
19 to s— Osee. 107 (Xlcol/ 1 lh 3 0
Time, 1 :16 3-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. J. Milieu's b. t. by Charade-Lineage,
lnterlight 94 and Quinn Brady 103 finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE — Steeplechase, - Clubhouse
course: handicap; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jodcey. St. 4* Fin.
6to I— Sweet Jane. 143 (Patton).. 1 210 1 n
Ctol— J. E. Owens. 145 (Dupee). 2 11 215
9to I— Claes Leader, 150 fBoyle). 3 4103 20
• Time, 8:36. Start good. Won driving. Winner,
Mrs. H. E. Slack's eh. m. (5) by Lord Hartlng
ton-Calamlty Jane. Itacatiara 138. Narad 127
and Crarawlcd 165 (threw rider) finished as
named:
SIXTH- RACE — On« and a quarter miles;
four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
\u25a07 to 2 — Mao Hanlon. 93(Koerner> 6 1 1 14
oto 20— Falernlan, 103 (Morris). 1 2 2 2 2
15 to I—Royal1 — Royal Arms,9ts(Freeman) 5 3 h 3 5
Time, 2:11 3-5. Sart good. Won easily. Win
ner. Chlnn & Forsythe's blk. m. (S) by Fal
sette-Addle C. Lady Mistake .100, Plautns 93
and Hickory Corners 94 finished as named.
LATOXIA' ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI, Oct 18.— Folio wing are
the entries for to-morrow at Latonia:
First race, five and a half furlongs —
Gorgeous 100. Tinker 10O,'«Anna Smith 100,
Maureen 100. Beautiful Bess 100, Valencia 104,
Gabrlelle 104. Mac Lynch 104. Santa Lucia 104,
Follow the Flag 108. Colonial Lady 108. Toppy
Girl 108, Eva Jean 103, Ethel McCaffrey 100.
Second race, fix and a half furlongs. sell-
Ing — Steel Trap 96, Lieutenant Rico 99. Mar
tha Gonnan 100. Thespian 108. Mary Worth 106.
St. Tammany 106, Subador 106, Tom Crabb 106.
Third race, one mile, selling — Economist 91,
Nine 91, The Pet 91. Merces 01. Darthula 93.
Layscn 90, Clydeo 99, Jungle Imp 09. Mezzo
100. Algonquin 100, Sam Craig 103, Harmakls
104. Judge Traynor 105. Klelnwood 110.
Fourth race, five furlongs, purse — Dick Brown
90, Bitter Hand 99. Gauze 102. - Maplehurst 102.
Buell 102, The Mate 102. Malleable 102. Stoner
Hill 102. Mlltiades 102. Jimmy Maher 102. Pete
Vinegar 102. Mingita 106, Chief Archibald 107.
Pentagon 110.
. Fifth race, six - furlongs, selling — John Les
calle 99, Magic 112. Fox \u25a0 Hunting 109, Veran
dah 98, Lady Lou 104, Clovernook 104. Barbara
Whiting 100, Onlsro 107, Dundall 107, Torpedo
109, Iron Tall 104 Frank Bill 104. Blue Bird
104. Nat B 107.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Sister Lillian 07. Katie Powers 97. Am
berita 97. Miss Rlllle 101. Llda 1 Vhrlan 102. Ada
N 102. Outwal 102, Dungannon 104, Little El
kin 104 Dr. Hart 104, The Bugaboo 105, Myn
heer 106. Reveilla 107, Dollnda 109.
LATOXIA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Follow the Flnpr, Beauti
ful Bess, Valencia.
Second race — Martha ' Gorman* Tliea-'
plan, Lieutenant Rice..
Third race — Jungle Imp, Mezzo,
Harmakfa.
Fourth mcr — MUtladra, Chief Archi
bald, The Mate.
Fifth race— Verandah, Magic, Xat B.
Sixth race— Katie Powers, • Dnna-an
non, Dollnda.
Weather rainy. Track muddy.
Hammerkop Take* Bis; Race.
LONDON, Oct. 18.— -At Newmarket to
day the Czarevitch stakes, a handicap
of 25 sovereigns each, with 500 sover
eigns added, was won by Hammerkop.
Merry /Andrew was second and War
grave wa» third. Nineteen horses
started.
"While it is true that Scrofula may be acquired tinder certain conditions,
it is usually inherited. Parents who are related by the ties of blood, or.who
4 have a consumptive tendency, or family blood taint of any character, are sure
to, transmit it to their, children in the form of Scrofula. Swollen glands,
brittle bones, poor digestion, weak .
eyes, Catarrh, emaciated bodies and J k*kerl ted Scrofula, and about seven
general weak constitutions are the S do^cto^ a^Sbl?°^
pnncipal ways in which :the dis- ff 1 *** « a LP«?s«» but crew rapidly worse;
easft i« tnj»riif«.cf«wl TVi« M««/i \,*o * ara s*»"*s* given up all. hope of being
eas&is manilesteo:. Tne blood lias cured, and as a ctyln* man will grasp at
been diseased from birth, and being in J straw, I was persuaded by my
?^ >n 1! t !f n can/ot Properly nour- l^'£Z?i&^?&&£j%sL
isn the body and Scrofula is the re- jf onderf ul chango for tho bettor. I con-
fsulV ; like this ffi *%£& * llo^S^e'en'
can only be reached, by, a : constitu- w A ic n entirely cured too.
.tibnal remedy and- nothing equals Moat * OE «>*y» Va. W. H. STOCKTON,
f • , s .v s -; as a" cure for it. 1 "It cleanses and strengthens the deteriorated Hood,
drives out all scrofulous and tubercular deposits, and there is a gradual but"
jdffifc j£B&* sur^ re . turntoh ea Ith..1 th.. S.s.S. supplies to the
fw^- anaemic, lifeless blood the properties necessary
to build back to strong, robust health, and doe's
t^SlP© fe&Jjpj* te*tP»f± tllis ? ent b* and so thoroughly that no sisrriS of
v^^T^^^- T? *i" Hl v ™ the disease are ever seen in after life. Being v
PURELY VEGETABLE. P urel y vegetable S. S. S. is the best remedy for ,
". V . Scrofula; its harmless but healing ingredients
enter.into the circulation and replace wax-like, bloodless faces with vigorous
: strength glowing ; with health. V Book with information about Scrofula and
medical advice free THESynFTSPECmGCO. 9A7IAMT9 A7lAMTA 9 CA.
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
GANS TO MEET
MIKE SULLIVAN
Baltimore lightweight and
Boston Boxer Signed Up
by levy for Xext 3loutli
WILL MAKE LOW WEIGHT
Marvin Hart Signifies His
Wil lingness to Box Winner
of Kauf innnn-G£B ien Mill
; if
Joe Gans. .the Batylmc .z
boxer, is not yet thtoVjrh <•\u25a0
Francisco. Xext mon£* ».»:•
wonder will meet Mike' . "
: in a itwenty-round bou* vJ**iVr cLe
spices of the Hayes y^>'vy <u::>;ic
Club. Morris L,evy,-ma.n.igf ci :'.-. >r
ganizatlon, signed* '\u2666"•Vncr. up List
night after a ibo: ' on.?areac9 #',;t\
Gans over the wl^e.
The match was njade wit !s out »-\u25a0
details. Levy asked Cans 'J fc« wou!<2
do 133 pounds at 3 o'clo'c^ ?sr Sullivan
and .the negro said he * n«l>*. Xt'.'i
seems strange, for when Chios roujrK' - .
Jimmy Brltt here last yeai h3 VJ*»jd
he would never again attempt tu"Aa*x»
such a low weight.
Gans seemed very anxious to iftak*
the match, for he agreed to tvtzythtng
and did not even aay a wore 1 la regard
to .terms nor the division of ttM purvs.
Nothing about a referee wai siW. the
contestants apparently belirSr _jlad to
make the match on any kin Col ';t.i
Gans will leave Baltimore tor apt city
to-day to begin training for th*> ntilL
The fight will take place -at \vo<u*
ward's pavilion on the evening -J' fc
vember 24. The last time the ''men
fought Sullivan seemed to make a
monkey out of the black man: but
Gans fights so many peculiar fights
that It is hard for any ona to get a
line on him. Sullivan comes well
recommended and his backers nay he
can beat the negro any day In the
week If he has an even break.
Alex Greggains last night received
a telegram from Marvin Hart from
Louisville in which the champion sig,
nified his willingness ,to meet the win* ,
ncr of the Kaufmann-O'Brien match.
Greggains figures on matching Kauf
mann and Hart If the big Olympian
puts O'Brien away in good time. It
the fight goes the limit and Kaufmann
fails to live up to his reputation Greg
gains says he will not take up Hart's
offer.
Sam Spalding, the "Michigan Giant"
whom Biddy Bishop discovered some
weeks ago, will have his first tryout
this afternoon when he dons the mitts
with O'Brien at the beach. No one has
ever seen Spalding work yet and the
event will probably create some excite
ment in the sporting world. Spalding
is a veritable giant and 3ays he can
go, and if he makes any kind of a
showing In his tryout. Bishop will
probably try to round him out into a
star of the arena.
Drlns* Old Soldier's Remain*.
The remains of the late William H.
Bolton, clerk In the quartermaster's
department at Manila were brought
home on the transport Sherman. He
died suddenly In Manila. Bolton served
for thirty- three years In the United
States army and was retired in 1893 as
commissary sergeant. Since his retire
ment he had been In service In the
quartermaster's department. He was
well known on this coast, where he had
lived for many years. His funeral will
take place to-day and his remains will
be burled In the Xatlonal Cemetery at
the Presidio. He was prominent in
Masonic circles. He. leaves three sons _
and two daughters. Edward M. Bolton.
W. L. Bolton. Richard B. Bolton. Mra.
Charlotte Dunlop and Mrs. Elizabeth
Bloc*.
Boxing: Stopped at Chicago.
CHICAGO. Oct. 18. — Boxing match**
in this city were placed under the ban
to-night by Chief of Police Collins. He
announced that professional prize
fighters and boxers would not hereafter
be allowed to, take part In contests in
this city. Matches will be allowed only
when the participants are actual mem
bers of reputable clubs and none but
members will be allowed to contest be
fore any club.
DUCK SIIOOTirVG GOOD.
PALO AL.TO. Oct. 13.— Local sports
men have enjoyed unexcelled ' shooting
In tho marshes alone: the bay, and sev
eral hunters axa reported to hay» pro
cured the limit of ducks since tha sea
son opened.
Yale Wins Golf Tonra»y.
GARDEN CITY, L. 1,. Oct. IS.— By a
\u25a0core of 22 X to 7H Tale beat Princeton
to-day in the final round at thirty-six
holes and ..won the' team championship
of the Intercollegiate Oolf Association
on the Garden City Club's links.
Churchill Donrns Sold.
LOUISVILLE. Oct. 18. — ChurchUl
Downs has been purchased by Colonel
"W. E. Applegate, Jeroms Respess, Cap
tain S. S. Brown and Matt J. Wlnn.
The price is understood to be In the
neighborhood of $135,000.ARMY TRANSPORT
REACHES PORT
Sherman Is Delayed Outside
llead^ by Search for Sol
dier Who J limps Overboard
HAS olti PASSENGERS
Troopship Brings Home the
Body of Lieutenant Col
onel W. D. Baldwin
, The army transport Sherman. Captain
Uruguiere. arrived, yesterday morning
from the Philippines. She was delayed
for several hours outside the heads be
<ausc P*trS Span, a despondent ord
*d committed suicide by
krd. The troopship
I \ the vicinity of where
\u25a0' sired, but nothing being
!• 3 the search was aban
' je bC. was found later by G.
•Toni, . - Italian fisherman, and
Vc » Coroner.
" years old and had
tt% '» "• fefor twenty years. He
t j . t ;-• :piiilippjnes since 1&)3.
• raid voyage he con
pljl!*' It was the first
.•. . \u25a0 2 «jcporienced and he
v \u25a0:• jOndent. expressing the
•..?* rr-""vouldr r-""vould never recover.
' ff^r*. ' warning, when the
*yrtfc c* the heads, Egan
i'^^r the !;• 1 into the sea. It is
~'~.:\*& "i-r ru ttr ick by the propeller.
fiyt c i I-'cj! ;nar.t Colonel W. D.
j.. '. \u25a0.. \u25a0 trtu Wef of the Oommls
fpsJ.T 1 . 1 r.i ai. ilar.ila and who died
\u25a0• kJ poi*oni:.jr, \u25a0• as brought home on
tzuepci . . Baldwin accom
\u25a0 ."alnj iome.
• * ••\u25a0.. td during the voy
"g Joseph Murphy,
• \u25a0• ; •\u25a0 • A. Doyle, black
m, an insular em
a tie Bherman brought 136 cabin passen
(. * and 522 in the steerage. The latter
ir.c.aded 115 enlisted men, 141 bluejackets
»nd marines, f>6 discharged soldiers, 20
general prisoners and 60 civilians. In
addition there were ten stowaways.
Fine weather was encountered all the
way across and the voyage was unevent
ful.
Among the paseer.gers were Lieutenant C. H.
Alien. Mrs. C. F. Ahem. Mrs. VV. D. Baldwin
and three children. E. B. Eurritt, Mrs. <".
Brazee. Major W. F. Carter. Lieutenant W.
P. Cclraan. Mica Cunr.lnehain: E. E. Cooke.
wife and child : Mrs. E. E. Dinw.ddl?, Rich
ard Ebbitt. Lieutenant W. H. Eastman a-^i
wife, Mrs. F. L. Fink and two children: Lieu
tpnant N. Capon wife ar.d child; Mrs. J. W".
Grtzxinirer and child. E. Gay; Lieutenant A.
I. Harrison, wife and child; Miss Howeil, H.
R. Harris and wife. Miss Olive Hoskins, J.
a. Ineratn Maor F. C. Johnson and wife
\ir C. F. Kuha and wife. r>r. P. S. Keliotg
and wife, Mrs. E. P. Keefer. J. D. Liurfn.
Dr. T. E. Lundor; E. B. I-vman. wile an 1
two children; Captain J. F. Morrison. Ca.tta.n
J. C. Mims, Mrs. S. J. Morris, MUs Blancne
Martin; Major K. P. Morris, wife and th.-ea
children: E. B. Mclntvre. Mrs. John McOrni
and three children. 'Miss M. Oversrtine. I.iei
tenar.t P. Powers. Dr. J. D. Purne.l. Li^u
tcMnt L. B. Purce'.l. M!fs Pike. Mli« Pr.estlv.
C E. Po'lard; R. J. Rodney, wife and :our
children: Lieutenant J. D. Roam. Litut n n
r. F. Roharts. R- B. Rollir.aon: Lieitenint
11. C wife and child; R. Scott. A.
6utcliff R. C. Skillom. Lieutenant Colonel W,
F Tucker and wife Mlfk Taylcr. MI?9 T..wn»
<-nd. \V. H. Thompson. Major W. K. Wright:
Lieutenant A. C Wright, wife and iwj chil
dren; Mr*. A. M. Whaley and chid.
llepaln to Liner Alnmeda.
It wi'l not b<» long now before the liner
Alameda is atain In i-ommis?ion. A careful
eurvey by the underwriter? Ehowed that ttie
liner "sustained oompa:atively little damage on
tbe rocks at Fort Point. Bids basr-d o.i the
*--peoificatior.s prepared by the ur.de- writer*
\u25a0were opered yesterday and the cootraxt fot
restoring the Alafneda to li»r former condition
was awarded to the Union Irnn Works. Tne i
bid was *30,00» ar.d the work is to be fin
ished within thirty-flve calendar <?ayp. The
Alameda will be turned over to tne Union
Iron Works to-day.
Sasquehanoa Iliirned at *>ea.
The ship SupQu^harna. one of the few je
maining Tankee clippers, has be?n burred at
sea. Khe was abandoned by officers and crew,
who landed on Solomon Islard. off the north
east coast of Australia. Fhe was bouni lorn
Nehor.e for Delaware B;e»k»at r. Tne Sn
quehanna wm bui.'t at Bath. Ms., in I>9l
by A Sewall & Co.. who . ttwnM and op<:a el
the vessel. She was a fcur-mas-.ed wcodsti
ship of 2745 tons register and was wfli known
*t this j>ort.
Another Dollar I.fner.
The British steamship Bessie Dollar, built at
Port Glasgow for the Dollar Steamship Om
r-ary of this city, was successfully launch d
on Tuesday.
I.lurrh Reach Honolulu.
The Ocanic Ptcamship Company's liner So
noma and the Pacific Mail linrr Korea, which
Wrt here October 12. the Korea at 1 o'clock
p. m. and the Sonoma ar. hour later, both
anived yeftcrdaj- at Honolulu.
' Tbe Overdue Ll*t.
The vessels on the overdue llrt are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Edmund, 35 per
r*nt; Ducheas de Berry. 15 per cent; St.
Donation. 10 per cent; Principality, O'J p^r
c*nt; Aflezione, 40 per cent; Forteiiot. 25 pet
cent; Kilwallie. Ililstcn and M. K. Wata-n.
10 £*r cent.
Sustains Fractured $kull.
David Carlson, employed on the dredger
Caledonia, fell from tbe upper works of that
craft yesterday to the deck and suata'.nea a
fractured tfeul!. He alao suffered the dura
tion of his ieft elbow and may have been
injured internally. Surgeon Tlilman at ihj
Harbor Hospital attended to Carlson's injuries.
Cluurtered for Lumber.
The Brlllth ship BurmaJi (now at this port)
la chartered for lumber from Puget Sound to
t <ilrect nitrate port at 3S» 9d.
SHiri'lNG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October IS.
U S «tmr Sherman. Brugrjiere. 30 daya .from
Manila, via Nagasaki '£1 days and Honolulu
«Va <lay#.
titmr City of Puebla. Jersen. 55% hours
from Victoria and Pueet Sound perta.
Ktmr Corona. iSwanscn, 17 Vi hours from
Hureka.
Btmr Mandalay, f.»::ford, 54 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Atlas. Badger, 3T» hours from Redondo.
Stir.r Eureka. Jefcsr:n. 24 hours frcm Eureka.
Meggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
raoon Bay.
Stnir Mc-lvflle Dollar. Vosen, 78 hours from
Portland, via AFtorla C$ hours.
rug Sea Rover. Thomi»*on, 28 hcurs from
Port Harford. with barre 1« in tow; up river
direct.
Bare* 93. Daniels. 28 houra from Port Har
fcrd, in tow of tur Sea Rover; up river direct.
CLEARED.
''Z ' Wednesday, October 18.
Stmr Ftate of California, Thomas San Di
*ko; Pacific Coart Steamship Company.
Etmr Columbia. Dorcn, Awtoria; Kan Fran
cisco and Portland Steamship Company.
Ger otrr.r Anuttiy. Rclmers, Hamburc via
S'ftttle and Taccma; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, October 18.
Stmr Majxie, Cornlnc, Halfmocn, Bay.
Stmr Arf-tic. Nelson* Eureka.
Stmr Helen P Drew. Gunderson, Greenwood.
Etmr Noyo, Lee. Eureka.
Etmr Gualala. JCalnin. Point Arena.
Stmr Scotia. Jobnaon, Bowena Landing.
Stmr Pasadena. Henr!ckson, Eureka.
Stmr Pea Fcam. M'.ller, Mendodno.
Stmr Acme,' Fasiriand. Willaps. Harbor.
Stnsr Fulton. Panzer. Eureka.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodeca..
Bcfcr Santiago, Lareen, Monterey, In tow of
tu*; Defiance.
Schr John A, O!s*n, Eureka.
Schr Advance. Oeidlnsen, Coquille River.
Scbr Bewle K. Stark. San Vicente Vzn&lng.
Tug Defiance. James, Monterey, with schr
Santiago in tow.
TELEGRAPHIC. '\u25a0\u25a0
POINT LOBOS.' Oct 18, 10 v ro— Weather
clear: wind NW; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Mackinaw.
hence Oct 12. Oct 18 — Bktn John Smith, hence
Oct 3.
Sailed Oct 17— Bktn Thos P Emteh. for San
Pedro.
Sailed Oct 17. 10 c m— Stmr OreKonian, for
Killlsnoo.
SAN PEDRO — Sailed Oct 17 — Bktn J L Evia
ton. for isan Dleso; bktn Georclna, lor As
toria.
Arrived Oct IS— Stmr San Gabriel, from
Umpqua River via. Eureka; tu* Relief, hence
Oct lti; Mmr Alcazar, from Greenwood.
Sailed Oct IK — Stmr W H Krusrer. for San
Francisco; bktn Georelna. for Astoria; bktn
J L EvUton, for San Diego; tug Kul'.tf. with
echr Muriel in tow, for San Francisco.
BELLINGHAM— SaiIed Oct 17— Schr Mtl
dred. for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct IS— Stmr Whlttier.
for Port Harford.
Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Aberdeen, hence Oct 13.
Sailed Oct 18 — Br stmr Coulsdon, for Japan;
U S stmr Paul Jones, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 16 — Schr Wm Olsen, hence Oct
8; ctmr Aurella, hence Oct 14.
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct IS — Stmr San Ma
way.
teo. hence Oct 14: Btmr Jefferson, from Skag
taiitJ Oct IS — Suiir Santa Ana. for Vaiiie*;
stmr Dora, for Vandez.
Arrved Oct 18. 4 p m — Stmr Asuncion, from
Astoria; Btmr Rainier, hence Oct 14.
SlTKA— Arrived Oct 17 — Stmr Bertha, from
Seattle.
Salted Oct 17— Stmr CottaKe City, for Se
attle.
JUXEAU— SaiIed Oct 17— Stmr Portland, for
Seattle. •
EL'REKA— Airived Oct IS— Stmr Greenwood,
from Point Gorda.
Sailed Oct is — Stmr Vanguard, for ban
Francisco.
Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Corona, hence Oct 1<;
Btmr San Pedro, with schr Esther Buhne In
tew, hence Oct 16. '
Sail«<l Oct 1> — Stmr Alliance, for Portland.
TATVtOSH— Passed in Oct IS— Stmr Rainier,
hence Oct 14 for Seattle and Bellingham.
Fas>}«ed out Oct 1*» — Nor stmr Teilus. from
Nanaimo for San Francisco.
ANACORTES — Arrived Oct 17— Schr Pola
ris, from San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Oct 18— Schr
Gamble, hence Oct 5.
Sailed Oct IS— Schr Robert Lewers, for Hon
lulu
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed Oct 15— Schr For
ester, for Redondo.
Arrived Oct 15 — Schr Lizzie Vance, hence
Sailed Oct 16 — Schr Mahukona, for Ban Pe
dro; echr Comet, for Santa Barbara; »chr For
ester, for San Pedro. Oct 18 — Stmr Centralia.
for San Francisco: stmr Santa Monica, for
Kao Franclsro: bktn • Hawaii, for Shanghai;
eehr Jor.nle Wand, for San Francisco.
SKAGWAY— SaiIed Oct 18— Stmr Humboldt,
for Seattle.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr
Coca Bay. *roro San Pedro, and 6ailed Oct IS,
1:50 a m. for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct IS— Br
fctmr U'addon. from nitrate ports; schr Wa
wona. from San Pedro. In tow of tUX Rtdondo.
Sailed Oct IS — Tu«r Redondo, for San Pedro.
«X>OS BAY— Sailed Oct 18 — Stmr Czarina,
for Tacotra:
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Oct IS — Stmr Ch'oo,
for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Oct IS -SUnr Marsh
field, from Hardy Creek.
BANDON— Arrived O'.t IS— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence Oot 14.
POINT REYES — Passed *outh Oct 18 — Stmr
Sequoia, from Eureka for San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr
Fanta Rosa, trom SaD Dlefto, and sailed for
fan Francisco.
FORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct IS— Bktn Ko
hala. from Wlnslow.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oet IS— Stmr Korea,
hence Oct 12: *chr Mary E Foster, from Ta
coma; schr Bertie Minor, from Eureka.
Arrived Oct IS — Stmr Sonoma, hence Oct 12.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared Oct 17 — Br Etmr
Oxus, for Colon.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER — Arrived Oct
17 Br ship Forrest Hall, from Man'la, and
ordered to New York.
NEW YORlt— Oct 17—300 miles off, stmr
Mexico, from New York for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS,
PUNTA ARENAS — Arrived Oct 13 — Ger eimr
Pentaur, from Hamburg for Ran Francisco..
CALLAO^ — In port Oct 10 — Ger »tmr Ramses,
from Hamburtr for San Francisco, to bail Oct
17 for San FrancUco.
ANCON— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Peru, for Kan
Francisco.
COLON— Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Alllanca, for
New York.
SYDNEY — Sailed Oct B—Br8 — Br Btmr Moana, for
Vancouver.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Oct 17— Stmr City of
Para, for A neon.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Oct 18 — Stmr Mongolia,
for San Francisco. ( - .
HONGKONO— SaiIed Oct 17— Stmr China,
for San Francisco.
CORONEL — Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Hawaiian,
hence Sept 24, and sailed Oct 17 for New York.
VICTORIA, B C— Sailed Oct 18 — Nor stmr
Tellus. from Nanaimo for San Francisco; Br
etmr Volga, for Astoria,
LADYSMITH— SaiIed Oct 17 — Nor stmr Tel
lus, for San Franciaco.
31cmoranda.
GLASGOW, Oct IS— The Br Btmr Bessie
Dollar was successfully launched at Port Glas
grow yesterday: owned by the Dollar Steamship
Company of San Franclaco.
LONDON, Oct 18 — Ship Susquehanna, bound
from Nehoue for Delaware Breakwater, aban
doned at eca: crew landed on Solomon Islands,
on northeast coast of Australia.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Statea Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
' Bay. Published by official authority of the
superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur M
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
.THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19.
Sun rises • 6:13
Sun 6ets 6:17
Moon rises i 8:45 p. m.
C (Timel ITime! ITlme ITlme
» [. f Ft. \-' f Ft. J Ft. J Ft.
» H W L W H W L W
4.1 8:421 3.2 2:15! 4.9] 0:301 0.6
4.2 f1:55 3.2 3:15 4.7 10:40 0.6
4.4 11:12 3.2 4:34 4.6 11:42 0.7
4.0 12:23 2.8 5:85 '4.6 ..... .....
19 ! 4:12
20 ) 6:12
21 6:10
22 7:02
NOTE— In the above exposition of the. tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column sives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundlnga of the United Statr«
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
elm precedes the height, and then the number
riven Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charU. Tbe plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Hull.
Branch Hrdrocraphic Office, _U.S. N*.. Mer
/ cLaU- Exchange. San C*l.;
Wednesday. October 18, 1005.
The Tim« Ball on the tower of the Ferry
bullfiW was dropp«d exactly at noon to-day-
I c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p m.. Greenwich time. - J. C. J3URNETT,
p. »b.. ««= Tj eutenan t. v. S. N., in charjrt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19,: 1905.
FRENCH BARK CAMBRONNE.
WHICH ARRIVED TUE-DAY AND
WAS ORDERED TO PORILANu.
Movement of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | . From. j Due.
Roanoke I Los Angeles Ports Oct. lft
Porno I Point Arena & Albion. Oct. li?
Santa Rosa... 1 San Diego & Way Ports Oct. 19
Nebraskan... i Honolulu & Kahulul. . . Oct. 19
Vanguard > Humboldt Oct. 19
Waddon Iqulque Oct. 20
\V. Kruger. . . \u25a0 San Pedro Oct. 20
Oresonian Seattle Oct. 20
City Sydney.. New York via Ancon..Oct. 20
Homer Portland & Astoria. .-. Oct. 20
Coronado San Podro Oct. 20
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Oct. SJI
San Pedro Humboldt Oct. 21
Phoenix *, Crescent City Oct. 21
Tellus i Oyster Harbor (Oct. 21
Centralia ; Grays Harbor (Oct. 21
S. Monica Grays Harbor |Oct. 21
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria Oct. 21
South Bay Portland & Astoria [Oct. 21
Elizabeth Coqullle River |Oct. 21
Corona Humboldt Oct. 21
Oakland Coqullle River Oct. 22
M. F. Plant.. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Oct. 22
Breakwater. . \ Coos Bay Oct. 22
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 22
Bonlta N-wport & Way Ports.|Oet. 22
Newburg Grays Harbor Oct. 22
Sea Foam Mtndoclno & Pt. Arena. Oct. 22
Noyo Humboldt Oct. 23
N0rw00d..... San Pedro Oct. 23
Nome City... San Pedro jOct. 23
Eureka....... Humboldt Oct. 23
Enterprise... Hilo (Oct. 23
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports' Oct. 21
Siberia China & Japan .t : Oct. ~2:J
Cascade...... Portland & Astoria Oct. 23
Ventura Sydney & Way i Ports. Oct. 23
UmatlUa I Puget Sound Ports .... Oct. 23
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 24
Aurella Portland & Astoria lOct. 25
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham. .lOct. 25
Coos Bay Pan Pedro & Way Ports|Oct. 2tf
Columbia Portland & Astoria ..:. Oct. 28,
Chas. Nelson. Peattle & Tacoma Oct. 2<i
Chehalls. .... Grays Harbor JOct. 2S
N«ko Hamburg & Way Ports [Oct. 2S
Queen Puget Sound Ports [Oct. 2S
CHyTopeka.. Mexican Ports |Oct. 2S
Roanoke Portland & Way Ports. |Oct. 2S
TO SAIL.
Steamer. ] Destination, j [ Sails. | Pier.
I October 10. I |"
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandjll am'PUr 24
Roanoke. ... i Portland & Way.. 2 pm'Pier 5
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amjPler 11
October 20. \u25a0 1
W. Kruger. Astoria & Portland spm Pier 2
O. Llndaucr Grays Harbor 1 praPlsr ?
Coronado..., Grays Harbor 2 pm Pif>r It
Pomona | Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Eureka Humboldt 9 arn|Pler 5
October 21. I I
M. Dollar.. Seattle direct 5 pm! Pier 20
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Cmtralla... Los Anseles Ports 10 am' Pier lo
G. Dollar. .. Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPlcr 20 :
P0rn0...... Pt. Arena & Albion opm Ker 2 i
Coos Bay... Pan Pedro is. Way. 9 ani|Pitr 11
Coptic China & Japan.... 1 pm! Pier 40
San Juan... N. Y. via Ancon..)l2 miPier 4C
Vanguard.. Humboldt [ 3 pmjPlrr 2<
October 22. j |
City Puebla Puget Sound Port«.!ll amlPier b
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way.j I) am|Pkr 11
October 2S. j
Nome City. Seattle & Tacoma. . spm Pier 16
Norwood... Grays Harbor Pier 2
F. KJlburn. , Portland & Way... 2 pm Pier 27
Corona Humboldt ".. 1:30 pjPier 8
Elizabeth...' Coqullle River jpier 20
| October 24. - | .
San Pedro..; Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 2
South Bay..| Astoria & Portland 0 pm Pier 27
Breakwater j coos Bay \u0084 5 pm ! Pier S
M. F. Plant; Coos Bay 4 pmlPier 11
Coata Rica. Astoria Ar Portland |ll am! Pier 24
. October 25. I I
Arctic- Humboldt 9 amlPler 2
Sea Foam.. p o i nt Arena 4 pm'pier 212 1
Bonita Newport ft Way.. 9 amiPler 11 i
SanMateo.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pmjPier 20
October 20. |
Noyo Humboldt 5 pmlPler 20
Nebraskan. Hono. & Kahulul.. .1 pm'Pler 23
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 2 pm'Pier 10
October i:7. I | .
Amer. Maru China & Japan....! 1 pm'Pier 40
Umatilla... Puget Sound Porta.Jll am|Pler 9
October 2S. 1 |
Roanok?... Los Angeles Ports. I 2pm I Pier 5
City Sydney N. Y. via Ancon..|l2 mjpler 40 |
Aurella.... Aetoria & Portland! 5 pm'Pier 27
Rainier.... Seattle & BeU'ham] 4 pni)Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE. \u25a0 ~~~ j
Steamer. \u25a0 Destination. Sails, j
Jefferson Skagway & W*ay I'orts.jOct. 20 \u25a0
Humboldt 1 Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 2:1 !
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 24:
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 25*
Portland Cooks Inlet &. Way Pts. Oct. 25 '
Edith Valdtz & Seward ...JOct °<J '
Cottage City. Skagway & AVay Ports, 'pot. 2U j
FIXES TIME OF CHRISTMAS
VACATION .FOR SCHOOLS
Hoard of Education Snym Additional
Week Ik In Honor of Convention
of Teacher*' Asuociatton.
The Board of Education yesterday
issued a circular to teachers to the ef
fect that schools, will close for the
winter Christmas vacation on Decem
ber 8, 1905, and reopen on January 2,
1906. The additional week of vacation
Is to afford the teachers an oppor
tunity.of attending the convention ; of
the California Teachers' ."Association;
which is to be held In Berkeley and
San Francisco from December 26 to
December 30, inclusive.
The ' circular also calls attention - to
the new rule providing that any
teacher who has served continuously
in the department -for ,flve years : may
be granted j a leave of absence without
pay for not more than one year^ with
the privilege of returning; to the same
school, provided that such leave; of ab
sence shall be; granted only from the
beginning of a term, except. in case of
total disability.' ; :
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.— Petitions
in Insolvency were filed yesterday .; In ' the
United States District Court as follows : R. 1 B.
Scott, mctorman. Sac: amer.to/ liabilities $794.
no aaeets; Frank E. Handle, . brakeman, \u25a0 San
Jose, liabilities $1367 no assets. ;
Wtatber Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Tim«».)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 18—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported "for the previous day:
Cincinnati 80-08 Philadelphia 36-3<>
Boston ...... 6G-4t>' New York «'^fi«
Jacksonville 78-7l>[Pittßburg ....74-62
St. Louis..../ 72-60 Washington 60-64
Chicago .• os-64s -64 New Orleans 86-70
Honolulu. H. T. .£2-72
SAN FRANCISCO 02-48
THE COAST RECORD.
a a 2 a j« 3
5 -35 3s <» 2
3 333 3 33 |S S^ =5
STATIONS. £ *£\u25a0;?! ?§ 5° ~
: S S :S. '. \u0084 |
: 3 3.:..: :
Baker W. 34 34 2<". N. Clear i(H>
Carson 30.08 60 38 NE Clear .00
Eureka 30.10 fJ'J 40 N Clear T.
Fresno 20J1S 70 44 NW Oear .Wo
SE. Farallon.. 3o7oo 53 51 NW Oear .00
Flagstaff 29.88 54 30 SW Clear .00
Independence.. 20. 90 fiS 3B SE Clear .00
Lo* Ang1e5.. 29.90 70 48 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.3o.ol 50 41 " E Oear .(**
North Head... 30.32 52 38 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 20. 88 70 48 NW Clear .00
Pt. Reyes Lt.23.f17 55 48 • N Clear .00
Pocatello 30.20 30 30 SW Cloudy .22
Portland 30.28 52 32 NW Clear .00
Red Blurt SO. OO 68 42 N Clear .00
Ro.*>burjr 30.20 50 3tf NW Clear" .04
Sacramento ..2:).fM OS as NW Clear .Off
Salt Lake 30. 10 42 34 NE Clear .14
San FraDeisco.3n.o2 02 4S W Clear .fr>
San Jon; 2H.OS 68 38 NW Clear .00
H. L Obl.spo..2o.r><; fill 38 W Clear .00
San Diegro 20.34 66 58 NW Clear .00
Shuttle 90.3H 4rt 30 NW Clear .00
Spokane 30.42 3«t 2* SW Clear T.
Tatoosh 30.32 44 3S E Clear .00
Walla Wa11a.. 30. 3S 44 32 S Clear .00
W!nncmucca...3O.l6 48 28 NE Clear .00
Tuma 20. £8 80 50 NW Hear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
: -"FORECAST. "
Clear, cold weather prevails on the Pacific
Slope. In Idaho and Eastern Orepon the tem
perature I* near the freezing . uolnt. Heavy
frotts were reocrted at many of. the northern
stations. In. California the temperatures are
about 5 degrees below the normal." and condi
tions are favorable for light frosts Thursday
morning.
At Eureka a maximum wind velocity of 30
miles from the north Is reported.
FORECAST FOR OCTOBER 10:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair T'hur&lay;
fresh west wind*.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
Usrht' we«t wind.
Sacramento Valley — Fair Thursday: light
frfsts In the mornlnsr: Uirht north winds.
San Joaquln Valley— Vnlr Thursday; frost*
In the m"rnlnir- lleht north wind.
Coast — Ffllr Thurndar; llßht west wind,
i Nevada — Filr Thnr'rtay: continued cold.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
THINKS' SHRIMP LAW
IS CONSTITUTIONAL
Judo'e Lawlor Disappoints
Chinese .Merchants and
Fishermen;
Tho law forbidding the exportation
of shrimps to -China was held consti
tutional by Judge Lawlor yesterday.
The attorneys' for the Chinese are
making a hard flght to have the meas
ure declared Invalid and will undoubt
edly appeal to the higher courts.
The present law was framed a,t the
solicitation of the Fish Commission to
check the immense shipments of dried
shrimps to China. The Mongolians
trusted that their lawyers would se
cure a decision invalidating the pro
vision and with that end in view they
have sacked and ,stored thousands of
pounds of the little crustaceans.
A suit Instituted in behalf of the
yellow men in the Federal courts
proved vain. Executive Officer Vogel
sang: of the Fish Commission says sur
reptitious shipments of shrimps In any
quantity cannot be made without de
tection and that Mn consequence the
Chinese will suffer heavy losses.
THE LOUISIANA 11. G. COMPANY
. OF SAN FRANCISCO.
ORO ANIZED . . . .' MAY. 1900.
TO THE PUBLIC! BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS! AU tenuine tickets of tl. is com
pany have initials "R. G. CO." on faces anO
.monogram "R. O. C." on backs thereof.
••\u25a0 Following are the capital*, Saturday. October
14, 1905: N0. '37341, $73i;0, sold In San Fran
cisco, Cal.; No. BWU4, ?i!C>CO, sold In San'Frnn-'
clpco, Cal.: No. ! OBCSK. *ttt)O. sold in Alameda.
Cal.; No. 3S7IS. $SCO, sold In San Francisco.
Cal. ; No. 358W, $250. »}ld In San Fi-Hncisco,
Cal. ; No. SSKW. $2SO, Bold In Jackson, Cal.
The P..' G. Company |jald to Anxlo-Caliror
nlan Bank, 57PCO for O. J. Webster, Pasa
dena. Cal., tor whole ticket No. "< 2s>(Jti, - lor
September ie, IDOS. To Anglo-Calitornldn
Bank, $1000, for client in : Ilanlcp]. Cal., for
one-half ticket Nl 1122J.' for Seplomb'.T 10,
1005. To Charles F. , Kuhl, lia Eait- Welwr
avenue. Stockton. Csl , tor \u25a0 n*!-<iuart*r ticket
No. 3:500, for September 28, 1005. To A. B.
Greenwald Cißar Co., $2j((». fir 'V. N. Goff.
First and 'Broadway. Los Angeles, Cal., for
one-quaiter ticket No. ?»Wi, .for Sepr ioib*;r i'B,
190S. •
The Oripinal Little i.ouiKfuna Company
. •*\u25a0\u25a0 of Snu FranflMco. v
EntnbliJihed, January. ISS7.
SPECIAL NOTICE. TO THE PUBLIC. '
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes ar«
placed before the public from time to time, we
would respectfully call ; the attention -of pur
chasers •pi tickets to buy ' only from respon
islble I agents : and to nee that their tickets . read
as follows: . : " ' ' ;\u25a0 . .
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO E3TAB
-- LISHED JANUARY." ISS7. ,
Each coupon has the initials M.,and F. on
the face and • back of the ticket. • . .
The following are the capitals:
October 14, 1U05— 37341. $7500. sold in San
Francisco. Cal.; 51964. f2(H)O. sold In San Fran
clrco. Cal.: OSO3O, $1000, sold ire, Bakenmeld
Cal • 33715. $500. sold in San Francisco, Cal.;
355i.1 and 38KJ3. each $250, sold in Los Angeles
and San Francisco, Cal.
The following capitals were paid by the above
company^ for. September 16. -1903: -Marcus
Franklin, 655 Golden Gate avenue, San ; Fran
cisco Cal., $3760; ; collected ; by Carl ; Conn • 230
Kearny street. Sans Francisco, Cal., for, client,
$500. • , Mrs. Carrie i Anthony.' 923 \u25a0 Post street,
San Francisco, ? Cal. . and ; Mrs. ; Levison,. 729 Mc-
Allister street, San Francisco, Cal., $500. \u25a0•
: WANT ELECTRIC LlGHT.— Property . own
ers . yesterday petitioned the Supervisors to in
stall -an < electric light at --Clay 'and Laurel
streets, the vicinity ; of i whichTls Jin compara
tive darkness. . •
SAY HE ALTERED
RAILROAD PASS
Southern Pacific Officials Ac
cuse Michael J. Welch of
Tampering With Ticket
RELEASED ON BAIL
Judge Cabariiss Fixes Bail
at $2000, Which Is I'ur
nished by the Arrested Man
Michael J. Welch was arrested yester
day on complaint of Detective Ed Gib
son and at the instigation of the South
ern Pacific Company, on a charge
of altering and , putting Into cir
culation a railroad pass. Later -in the
day he was released on $2000 bail, which
amount was fixed by Judge Cabanlss.
Officials of the Southern Pacific Bail
road allege that early In August they
issued a, pass to E. L.. Taylor, a tele
graph operator connected with their
company, which pass would enable Tay
lor to travel from here to Tucson. Ariz.
It is claimed by the railroad ; company
that Taylor disposed of this' pass to
Welch. Welch In turn resold the pass
to J. M. Peters for $15. If WeJch had
sold the pass, as it was originally is
sued, all might now be well and good.
The pass was originally made to expire
August 15. But Welch is accused by the
company of having altered, this date to
August Zl.
It is claimed by the company that
Welch raised the figures 15 by means of
acids, and inserted the figures 31 in their
place. It Is also alleged by the railroad
company that Welch erased. the name of
E. L.. Taylor on the back of the pass
and permitted Peters to rewrite the
name of Taylor thereon, so it would be
in Peters* handwriting. After Peters
procured the ticket, he proceeded as far
as Log Angeles, traveling under the
name of E. L. Taylor. At that place he
was held up by the train agent, who took
the pass away from him, as he discov
ered that an alteration had been made.
Peters then returned to town, and laid
his statement of the facts before, the
railroad company, with the result that
Welch was arrested.
SECRET SERVICE MEN
BOARD THE SHERMAN
Four Bakers and a Sailor
Suspected of Counter
feiting.
Four bakers, J. Holden, "Sack" Bern
hardt, August Vollmer and John; Shea,
and one seaman, John Duffy,. : were
taken off the Government transport
Sherman yes-terday by, United States
Secret Service Agent George .W. Hazen,
Harry IV. Moffltt and Thomas B. Fos
ter. -They were placed in the City
Prison awaiting the action of the Fed
eral authorities with reference to the
connection of the prisoners with ithe
recent issue of counterfeit bank- notes
in Nagasaki, Japan. Captain Hazen
took the prisoners to his office in the
PostorSce building and required them
to make statements of .their connection
with the affair, bnea admitted that he
had passed six 'counterfeit bills of the
denomination of $10 each in Nagasaki.
He said they were such poor counter
feits thai he would not attempt to pass
any of them in the United States. The
picture of George. Washington on one
issue of the bills, he -said, was so poor
that "Washington's head was hardly
recognizable from that of the Mikado.
Duffy Is suspected of. having been im
plicated with Shea in passing; the bills,
but he refused to make any admis
sions.
The arrests were made upon a cable
message of United. States Marshal E.
K. Hendry of Honolulu to Chief Wllkie
of the United States Secret Service at
Washington informing him that ten
and .twenty dollars counterfeit bills of
the First National Bank of Mariana.'
Florida, the Western National Bank
of San Francisco and the National
.Bank of .Washington, D. C, had been
passed in Nagasaki. H. Brady, a pri
vate of the United States Marine Corps,
F. Murphy, fireman United States navy,
B. B. Brown, ex-prlvate of Company L.
Twenty-eighth Infr.ntry. J. Ragwood,
ex-corporal Company M. United States
Volunteers, and F. L. Carter, ex-quar
termaster, are under arrest in Hono
lulu In connection with the same affair
GIBSON' LEAVES \u25a0 VICTORIA ' •
ON SATURDAY WITH COLLINS
Jueliqre Lawlor Aitsl(rn« Prrjtiry Cane to
•.•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 His Own Court and .luilkc Lennon
"Will Pre«l«le.
Chief Dinan received the following
dispatch yesterday- from Detective T.
B. Gibson, Victoria. B. C: "Wire me
$250 immediately. : Will -have to pay.
Jail expenses. Leave here Saturday
night overland. Papers from Ottawa
will arrive too late to take steamer to
city and I have got to get out or they
will have Collins in jail for his bills
and I would be held . for another
month." The money, will be forwarded
at once to Gibson, so that there will
be no" delay In bringing the fugitive
attorney back for trial on the charge
of perjury.
Yesterday Presiding .Judge Lawlor
assigned the . perjury case against Col
lins , to his own court and made an or
der appointing Judge Lennon of Ma
rlri County to preside at the trial.
Judge Lennon had also assigned to nini
the trial of the bigamy case against
Collins, which is still on the calendar
of Judge I^awlor's court.
CITY OFFICIALS ÜBSUME
TIIUIII SECRET CONFEKENCE
Appointee* of Mayor Sohmitz Agree on
Plan to Meet Attack* on Hla
Administration.
The city officials who* owe their ap
pointments to Mayor Schmitz held an
other secret conference yesterday in
the Mayor's office, but when it was
over they declined to give out any In
formation as to what plan they had
asrreed u?on to meet the attacks made
on the Schmitz administration. The
Mayor himself was -not there,. but he
was, represented by Public /Works
Commissioner Maestrettl, who presided
at ; the conference. .The result of the
conference will probably be the print-
Ing of a circular defending the
Schmitz. regime and containing at
tacks on the- candidates on the fusion
ticket, with a view to electing to of
ncethe Ruef-Schmitz nominees.
Purse Stolen on Ferry-Boat.
• Mrs.: Josie' Rlnehart, Elmhurst, Ala
meda County," reported: to the police on
Tuesday that she left her purse on a
seat on the ferry-boat Oakland ; and
when she returned to look, for -it ,no
I'traceT'of It •' could .be found. ' It con
tained/ $41 50.
Sale of Seat* Opens.
The seat sale, for ithe. Emma Eames
concerts, which-; fere to be : held at the
'Alhambras Theater.? on October. 26 and
283 wi11 ; open 1 thls ; morning at ' Sherman
&; Clay's , music ; store
TWO STRANGERS
VICTIMS OF GAS
Eent Boom in Third-Street
Lodging - House and Are
Asphyxiated, One Dying
LOOKS LIKE ACCIDENT
Names M. Perasich and John j
Slaney Found on Effects j
in Pockets of the Twain j
-Two men who , had breathed deadly
gas during the night were found In bed
In a room In the lodging-house at 322
Third street yesterday morning. One
was dead and the other was in an un
conscious: condition. Gas was escaping
from an open Jet. ,The dead body was
taken to the Morgue and the uncon
scious mart, was sent to the Central
Emergency. Hospital. He may recover,
but' the chances are said to be against
him. :.--.,'
• The two men called at the lodging
house about 9:30 o'clock on Tuesday
night and engaged a. room from the
nigju; clerk. . O. R. Leurance. who oc
cupied an. adjoining room, thought he
detected" the ' odor of gas about 11
o'clock, but, thinking it was nothing
unusual, went to sleep without making
an investigation.
Shortly after 9 o'clock yesterday
morning U. A. Delort. the landlord, was
attracted by the odor of gas u> the
room occupied by the two men. The
door was locked, but he effected an en
trance through the window. The room
was full of gas, which was escaping
from ap open jet. Both men were In
bed. One was dead and the other un
conscious. Delort notified the Coroner's
office and the police.
The men seemed to be miners. Their
names are probably established by ef
fects found on them. In the pockets of
the dead man was found a knife with
the name and address of "M. Perusich,
Chisholm, Minn.," engraved upon the
handle. In the pockets of the uncon
scious man were naturalization papers
issued in the District Court of St. Louis
County, Minn., to John Slaney on July
2S, 1904.
It Is supposed that the men had acci
dentally turned on the gas after turn
ing It off when "retiring, as there is
nothing to point to suicide.
Serlona Chare* Asalnst Old Man.
J. W. Henderson, a shoemaker at 603
Geary street, 60 years of age, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday by
Acting Captain £ Reynolds and Detec
tive Ed Gibson on. a charge of attempt
to commit a criminal assault upon
Margaret Webb, 8 years of age, living
at 575 Geary street. The girl says that
the defendant attempted to assault her
on three different occasions within the
past two months, ln a rear room of his
shop. He gave her money Ho buy
candy. Other children at the Clement
Grammar School, which Margaret at
tended, would not speak to her, which
led their teacher to make an inves
tigation and the police were notified.
Henderson denies the charge.
Library Associntton Meets.
The Library Association of Califor
nia will hold a meeting at Bakersfleld
to-morrow and Saturday. Delegates
from various towns of the State will
attend. An Important subject to be
discussed will be 'The ' Needs of the
Smaller Library." An exhibit of the
methods and materials of library worjt,
gathered from many' large Eastern
cities, will be a feature. The delega
tion from this city will leave Friday
morning at 8:20 on the Southern Pa
cific train.
JppM and cleanses tho sys- regf
||j|i "IIUNYADI JAXOS" P|||
ESSs over other Laxative |n|bl
Brati Prixe at tho St. Louis X&&3
DISEASES OF MEN 1
Omr modern «u«I üb-t*-daf« mttttoAM
for thecertaJn and speedy cur« of Mtrlctur*
Rupture, HlUa. mood KoUon, N«r».
on* Debility and Contrartnl Dlaorrier*
bave won lor as thnsisanda «f teatlmo-
• nl*]*from patient* wno have been cored.
Vnrlcnr-lv. we treat by our improved
medical vibratory method, where others tue
tee knife tV« tuuoa bond an n gnnran-
f» to cure all cases we undertake. Our im-
proved I French «'one» (or the treatment of
the Injured Hroel at* nererfall. An* man
J tutoring from We* knoss and vroo Is I nde-
; veloued can obtain from as (flr»» by mall)
our lv Uny'i special treatment and illustrated
chart describing the cause and effect of Loat
Vitality and WMknois. Recent cases
cured in one day by the French Dilating
and Irrl«r*tlntf Method.
Correspondence private ContnlUtioa FREE.
the DR. TAtCOTT co.
IX4O HAKKST »T.
. Qpp. Bale's ' fi«n >r»w»lw, Cat.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN .
MEDICAL
DSSCOVERY
\u0084- .„\u25a0>,.- \u25a0:••\u25a0' FOR THE
BLOOP.LIVERiLUMGS.I
jurim^m MENAHDWOMEfI.
\u25a0 4%sHarwßgS>Bia C»«Blf «lfoTnanatcna
\u25a0^3SSr !\u25a0 Ito i briW dUehmrg.»»,lnfleni!naUons,
JSumT OmuuM«i H trriUtiaas or nicerailoiit
flrefilf f* to itrl««»rt. of ma com ta*mbrsn*e.
tP *f ' Pw«at» Caatechk. Paia'.MS, *ad Mt Utri»
HfTSITHtEimCHEMiMLUa. « t«t or »ol«)aoBt.
iflSa aWnUTItMBM ••« *V »r«|rg*eU
IEV. «•* *• jBT * t ot '» w !51>%5 l> %
TTtnaai irfnn *" «x»r«v prtj>»l<'. fat
VUMn I ! 31i0.e-.ifcetUesM.Ts.
\u25a0 ci««lar scot «• teaaeA
ADVERTISE3IEXTS. "'
Sf Trunk^m
tijSf That will stand lots of hard ser-
WfSK vice must De made of the brst wH
JB9 " materials. This la a DRVCKEft BB
Wm Trunk. This means that every ]
rag piece ot wooct and metal enter-
fa lngr into Its construction Is the b§l
B , best. Made of bassvrood. Has Esl
f« extra heavy brass plated - steel |£J
Mj trimmings; two trays sSid linen ffl
E3 lined. Positively the hand- SX%
£d somest and strongest trunk that j
Km . can be maae for this price. Esßn
ES Worth double what we ask. iffij
Ta Size 36 inch. SPE- CQ SC Ck Mm
g^ CIAL PRICE vUtOUaffl
s^, A. B. Smith £ojß
WHEN YOU TREAT
With Us
W I^m, You Are
jL#^'^ Treating
f <L> yffi ble Special-
]Kfc,^.v* jL We have b««n
t>mSftM'^&/Win|b | fc« an(i our curel
CURE MEN FOR $12.50
AY« cure Skin Dlseaaeaw Blood Poison.
Vurlcocele, 'Stricture. .Vcrvou* Decline.
Wrnkaenn. Piles. Flatnla and DUeaties
of the Kidneys. Bladder and Prostate.
Special Disease* — Newly contracted
and chicnlc coses cured. All Burning;. Itchlax
ami In;lammatlcn 'stopped In twenty-four h:urv.
cures effpcted tn seven days.
PAY WHEN CURED
We cure all chronic and special diseases ot
men. We build you up and atop all drains
and unnatural conditions in a short time 'with
little medicine and our external treatment.
If Ton cannot call, write for symptom
blanks. J
DR. HOLSiVL\N & CO.
Hours — S to 5, 7 to 8:»0 p. m. dally;
Sunday. 9 to 12.
720 MARKET ST. (Top Floor). S. F.
,^»»%%%%%%%%%
visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
, £% mi nun st. ut cu*nk.ii .w.
*-».-», Warld. Wiittwu * »»y •««x»«t«d
S—^*s?h dUj«i« »»«»tl-r.ty cmr** b» tb« »kl*M
II dpeoUUit 03 U« CoMt. Ktuiijnn.
pi OR. JORDAN-DISEASES 0? MEN
\u25a0Ell, C»n»n!titi<>o ft«« aad atriotir prln*.
«J| If ptnnv nrt la twj ••»• aail«r«««a.
\\kfr Writ, tor B**,r \u25a0".«>»• !•\u25a0\u25a0*•*
JJJ J JUBRIUK, '«AIL*O FIX*. »Ji
08. JOBD AJI * CO~ WSt Market St..a T.
"*• **w .^^ *-^^- <^^ /^k><aw^k' *^a^
OCE.VXJTRAyEL. -^^
y^rs^fiw Steamers leave* Pl»rs 9
and 11. San Francisco:
fa's • for Ketchikan. Wraotel.
{Qjyt£9^\ V*\ Juneau. Tr^adwell. Haines,
( I I I Skagway. etc.. Alaska— ll
I V \WM»/ / a m.. Oct. 2. 7. 12, 17. T-\
\^ \\ " *Oy K. Nov - *• Change to this •
\^jS>y company's steamers at Se-
X^M.^v/ attle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana- .
cortes South Bellingham. Bellingham — II a.
m.. Oct. 2 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. t, Change at
Seattle to "this company's steamers for Alaska*
and G. N. Ry.. at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p m. Oct. 2., 9. 14. 20. 2«. Nov. 1. Corona,
l:3i> p. m.. Oct. 5. 11. 17. 23. 29. Nov. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. » a. m.
State of California. Thursday*. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Vort Harford (San
Luis OMsdo). Ventura and Hueneme —
Coo* Bay. 9 x. m.. Oct. 5. 13. 2ft 29. Nov. 4.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Oct. 1. 9. 17. 23. Nov. 2.
For Ensenada Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maxatlan. AltaU. La Pal. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymaa (Mex.), 10 a. m-. .th of eacn
m ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 190«— The
palatial Alaska excursion steamship SPOKANE
will leave Tacoma. • Seattle and» V lctorta June
7. 21. July 5. 19. August 2.
*For further Information obtain folder. Rl«ht
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing- dates.
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Office— lo Market st.
C D DUNANN General Passenger Agent..
10 Market St., San Francisco^
AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth — fherhoure — Sonthampton.
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
-%'evr York— London Direct.
HOLLAND-AHEHICA LINE.
NEW YORK— ROTTERDAM, via BOULOQNB
* RED STAR LINE.
Antwrrp— Dover — I.onilon— Paris.
WHITE STAR LINE.
»rr YoTk— ftneeastowß— Urerpool.
Boston — Qnwn.«tnnn — Liverpool.
To tbe M edit err anenn.
. FROM NEW. YORK.
REPT'BLIC.Oct. 19. Noon; Nov. 3(XJan.2«.Mar.»
rnKTTO Nov. 4. Dec. t
CELTIC (20.904 tons) Jan. 9. Feb. 17
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC Oct » Dec. XT**.*
CANOPIC Nov. IS. Jan. 13. Teh.; 2»
C. D TAYLOR. Passenger Asrent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. Pan Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
ORIENTAL S. S. CO.-
Steamers win leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for Yokohama and
Hongkong, calling at Honolulu. Kobe. (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India." etc • IT»
No car«f» r*d>!ved on board rrn A»r of «Urn«.
S S "AMKRICA MARU" FRIDAY. Oct. 27.
Round-trip tlcketa at reduced rates.-
For freight and passage apply at company a
office seventh floor. Merchants' Exchange. ..-
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
S S VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Aack-
"land and Sydney Thursday, Nov. 2. 2 p.;nu
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Nor. 22, 11 a.m.
I.P.SPEECEELS 1 BROICI,ATti TlcXJt 031C3 64} ii:-
itt Freimt offlcr327 Maimt si. Ptsr 7. RciUM:
Cantpasnie Generate Transa tlantlque.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Paris,
baillns every Thur^Jay Instead of 23*aBi2
Saturday, lft a. m.. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton at. :
First-class to Havre. *70 and upward. Sec-
ond cla*s Ito Havre. |45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES ANT>
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. 3an Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta. •\u25a0
BAY AND IXTER URB ANJ^^TES^
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD,
. VALLEJO and NAPA
Napa Valley Rout©
Monticelio S. S. Co. and Napa Valley Eleo-
tric R. R. 9». Close connections.
\u0084.'\u25a0«— ROUND TRIPS DAILY— « "«
Boats leave San Francisco- 7:CO, *9:45 a. ra.,
12-30 roon. 1 »:15J •:«>. B^> p. m.
San Francisco landing and office. Pler-i2;
foot of Mission at., one block south Mvritcttu
Ferry. Meals ala carte. Phone Mala 130*,
- 'Lands Navy Yard direct. SS*»
1112
NOMATTERWHAT KTO 0F A M IT IS, IF THERE IS A MAM IN THE
THEi ,^if vAy-
JOHN' D. SPK_CKKLS Propriety
Address Con-.muolcations to
JOHN McXAUGHT aianagci
\V. J. MARTIN Duslaess Managei
~ T-LEPHONE.
Ask fcr THE Call. The Op*ntor^n^i
tect You With the DepartmcntYou Wisn.
rublicaiion Offlce....Market and Third. S. F
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Etevecson st
. Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct*. P er ?*£*• "
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Tt-rms by Mail. Inciudicg Postage <Cash wui
Order) : - c X
3)AILY CALL Onclud. Sunday). 1 ~«*~- -*_"rtr
DAILY CALL <inc!ud. Sunday). 6 mos... ••£
I>ATLY CALL— By Single Month <j«
tCXDAY CALU 1 Year *•%
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year •• • *;^
fr%.«'— «a «f> TVr Year Extri
Sun/ay-: $ I:is Per Year Extra
_ ( Weekly I 1.00 Per Year^xtn
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
6-tnple Copies w!U be forwarded when re-
cnested.
Mali subscribers In ordering change ofa*.
<rcf» should be particular to give both N_v>
AXi> OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
prompt a_d correct compUance wlta tneir re-
cuest.
OAKLAND OFFICE: *
1010 Broadway Telephone Mala 1083
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
:~S Park Btreet. Near Santa 1 Clam Arena*.
Ffcose Alameda 6S».
BERKELEY OFFICE:
r.iB Center Street -Telephone North 77
•. WASHINGTON COP.RESPONDENT: •
W. E. CIIANE 140« G Street. N. W.
•NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TVsidorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Erectano, SI
Ccica Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Treracct House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GBOUGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK TtEPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
EASINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
11* o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. xn.
UOB Montgomery aye. : op*n until fl p. m.
Ev,o Hayes street; cpen until a:3O p m.
€3S> McAllister street; open until 9:::0 p. m.
Cl 5 Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
3:«11 Mission sirex-t; open until 30 y. in.
306 Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. m.
3'ilKs Valencia street; cp«n until 9 p. m.
Northeast corcer^Thurch and Duncan streets;
open until 9 pT m.
I2i.n> Fillmore street; open until 9 p. in.
4.U4 J street, near Ocean Boulevard; open
ur:i: 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of San Francisco
L-.dge of Perfection Xo. 1, A. and A. V
.Scottish K:te. wiii he he';d in Com- A
matideiy Hall. Maeonie Temple /e»V
THURSDAY EVENING October i'J. V_iS?
i.«:.*., £t s> o'clock. Seventa t>nd —iihth d -
«!««. Vi<i:i g Ir.th-.n lon.ally n it d.
HE.N'RY BL'KXEK. X-cr t,T. .
MISSION Ciispttr Xo. 79. R A M — ~
Stated mea.ng THIS (TH'JR^DAY) •_!_•
EVEXIXG at S o'clock. M M. De- XX
(free. By or-i?r of the II V. ' ~
. JXU. R. HILLMAX. S dietary.
CALIFORNIA L-.dg<- Xo 1 F. ard X _
M . wij] meet 1"HI< iTHURSDAYI lAf
EVEXIXG, October i:», at 7:30 /VS
\u25a0/clock. Kirst l>es!e".
FKAXKLIX H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge Xo. 12'> F and A. _
M.— Spe.ia! meet n; 'i His (THUrS-VY
KAY) EVENING at 7::;0 o'clo?k. /V\
6e&.nJ De&r^e. Feilowcralt M<so::«
cordially invited. By trder o: .h: \.. M.
. 1 - KiaJKK! CX B A RR Y. SCC.< a y.
•OCTH SAX TKAXCISOJ Lodge Xo.
tIT, F. »nil A. il.— Spr-cia: meeting -_Vf
THIS fTHCBSDAY) KVt.MXG at XX
7 :M o'clock. l"irst degree. I3v order ' v
or Use- v\. M.
WM. J. B. V.ARXER. Secretary.
DOBIC Lodge Xo. ::•»;. V and A. M.— Z
Second Drgr.e THiS (TiIUKSD.VY) l/Af
KVKMXU. & o'dO_ fcojoumlng /VN
1-rethren coid ally inv.t d. By orce •
of ibe M2?trr.
. J. P.. GOLDSMITH. S? r ta-y.
BTARR KIXG Ldjre No. .144. P. ar..J A~ Z
M.. "21 l.ev,t>ad n t-i.—" t*.!a' in et- +J\f
irq for Th.rd Dear c THls (THUi S- yV>\
IMY) EVENING at 7 :?. » \u0084'ci nk." V.*-
itms brethrn c rJialU mv.ted. By crd>r
'f the W. M. H r. WKISHT.
GOLDEN WEST _odse|Ko :!H \u0084,—
I. O. O. F— Degr-.-<j»^fefe.
THIS (THURSDAY) _V£^IXU. -3*3<Sfi£Ss
October 1«. i. 03. Vis tin.j r~Bte#P'
V-rotlirs ocrdia!!y in\lied.
JOHN KAZLEi'T. !'.? oxttng S -ret ry.
UNITj' L^dgn N... Cl. Ki. lstata of -p*
PyUUar. m e.s ; EVERT TDURS- %a_2>i/
DAY EVENING a: 2.-0 OUra Gat?
eve. All h.o;h l r 3-vng.t; invit d. £Xtz£
By order ot
JOH.V TiOBERT^OX, C. C.
S. W. GATES. K. of K. and S.
CLAN FRASER Xo. Tn. O. S. C,
m«ts THIS (TKL'KSDAY)EVEN- 025S
3X<3. Shie _ building, 32 O'Far- »__W«v
rell St., 8 o'clock. A Tull attend-
teudance is P-qu^stfd. _R i**
T. A. MCXRO, Chief. •* Vj
A. KIXO, Socrotarj-.
MEMBERS or Redwood __^~1 I
Camp No. 91, W. O. W.. '• $9. '\u25a0
1 re. requested to ation-5 *Z&?*tf£~&Ti'*\
the funeral of our late
TON from, his late resi- T
dence 39D2ti McAllister St., on THURSDAY
October 3». IIOT-. at 12:30 o'clock p. m. In-
terment new 1. O. <X F. Cemeterj-. Ey order
ELLIS JOKES, Con. Com.
J. X. BARCEL. C_r—
SPECIAL meeting of the Master '<
Mariners' Benevolent Association I *u?^^*
will be held THIJRSDAY, October 'S*£ i>
\ n . ISC&, at Red Men's ilall. 220 "
. rtolden Cate aye.. at 11 a. m., for the pur-
jose of attending the funeral cf our late
brother, F. GEE. All members are requested |
to attend. j
L. TRAUXG, Recording Secretary-. \u25a0
CROATIAN Benevolent Society Zvo- ,<?'\u25a0*.
• nimir — Regular meeting THIS tlfSbJ
\u2666TUfRSDAV) EVKNIXG, October '$rs£t
W. i:» 05. in Fraternity Hall, 32 •jf<& n N#
O'FarreJ] «t. Kvcry memßer Is re- ' yeS^
«i:i»;stt<s to i>e present, cr matters vK
of importance wi'l come before the
*o:lety. J. KRSTTXICH. President.
M. JERgQVICH. Secretary.
FRIEXDS ar.d members ars f-nrilailir. -^—^
. inviteH.to attend thi twenty-seventh S-""®*
ar.nusl target ard p.cniL- of the A:fr Wj^
trian Military a^d Denevolcn: A«o- • ; <_b<J
oiatton to be hfl<J 8t Shell Mound
Park. SUXDAY. October 22. Valuable t->m-
lola. prizes wIJ te d *:ritwt?d. The :arro;s '
Austnan Military B:nl will frr.-.lsh the)
music. The association leaves on ihe lit a. m.
iK«t. Boats leave e'ey.-t every ir.lr.ute.
for park. Amuierr.er.t :or old am] y>unj.
TlcUet* 25c. COMMITTEIS.
I , — r - - --\u0084111 . _~ 1 , , m
ATTORXE YS- AT- LAW.
AA— SJIVORCE; costs $12; quick, quiet; ad-
vice tree: no charge unless successful; open
• venings; —ilia. deetJs. leases, bills of sale
*;i;d erticles ef co -partnership carefully pre-
l»red; bsr.kruptcy, ccllectlona and prcbatlsg
of tetatee. id Market st.. rocm
>.A- 13IVORCE coets Jl2.
<ji.lck. quiet: lecal advloe free.
?ift charge unless successful.
Al: law buslcezs.
Esatnlncr bulldlric. room 318, third floor.
n. W. KIXG. Attomey-at-Law, Exam. bidg..
'ih fic~r. entrance room Oil: established 20 !
years: &'A courts, eenerai courts and office i
practice; _o fee in advance cr for consulta- |
tfon; by appoiatment. Tel. Red 3601. j
A-VICE free: legal divorce costs $12; all law |
f.«"s handled; no fee In advance: open Sat-
•jr<s»y evenings: ctber evenings by ax^polnt-
trent: .cail and save money. £19 Mkt.. r. 33.
L. f. CLARK. 927 Market, room 302. consulta- |
t!on free: co fee !n advance. Open evenings, j
ro_PLETE divorce for $20 by able young at-
torcey. For Interview ad. lode box —2. city.
AVTO3IOBILES. x
• $90 — FIXE automobile, almost new, at KLEI-
BER'S. 1804 FoIBQ-i et.
____._\u25a0\u25a0/ .'. ASTHMA CURE.
A. DlMOLA'S' asthma remedy cures: for *aie
by all druggist* : main depot 3602 Market
. «;.. tit. Nicholas Hotel; 10c. 25c. 60c post&ce.
n OARDJKQ FOR CHILDRSJV. L :
! .'/ANTED— A baby to raise from birth; will
t>j eiven a mother's oare. Box D, Call
branch. 1941 Mission st. .
i _ADY wants child to board and teach German;
_ • fvnny home; garden: near Jefferson Park.
U3B Turk St.
r LADY with no children wishes one baby (not
- too young) to board. Box 3853, Call.
£ AN Infant wlll.be given perfect care;. $15 a
month. Box 379 C. Call.
-« A CHILD to board In. private family; no other
children; beet of care. 66114 Greerfwlch St.
\ nOOKKEEPIXG. -
j LET us keep your books; nothing too large,
nothing too small; we make a specialty of
keeping small eeta of books. . -
THE FAXOX- JAMES AUDIT CO..
) rel. Montgomery 1311. 930 Market st.
) \u25a0
\ BICYCLES.
1 " .1 . . 1 1 .„, . .
> ALL kinds second-hand blcyoles bought, sold
t and exchanged. J. W. FRY. IS2C Polk st.
I ~~"~T ——————————— ————————— — _»^
J JDUSIAES9 OHAXCES.
A — jeOOO; HAMMAN bath, the most popular
and most central located In 8. F. ; large pat-
ronage of best class customers; clears above
; $SOO a month; lease. See R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
1 \u25a0 '
- A — fSWO; OYSTER and chop house; the very
best location In this city; a first-class paying
business; owner compelled to sell account of
sickness. R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A/— 54500: CORNER barroom; close to Chronicle
building; place established many years; lately
renovated; elegant fixtures; large stock; sick-
ness of owner only cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26',j Kearny st. .£
, A— s2ooo; SALOON on water front; lease; 14
furnished rooms; a eood paying business; no
better location; disagreement of partners
cause of sale. R. Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A SPLENDIDLY located saloon; close to Mills
building; mercantile lunch; net rent $60;
lease- a fine chance; investigate, you will
; buy. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; SALOON on Fourth st.. cloae to
Market: an excellent location; good business;
inu;-t sell at once; other business calls him to
the country. R. G. WILKE. 26ij Kearny st.
FRUIT store; choicest location; owner is en- |
saged in other business; a chance for a good
business, cheap. Particulars, R. G. WILKE,
26 l 4 Kearny et.
OLD established bakery in Western Addition;
large store trade: bake 6 barrels a day;
owner engaged in" other business only cause
of sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^6 Kearny st.
j A— s2soo; SALOON on California street, close
to Montgomery, and A No. 1 paying busi-
ness; owner to leave city; full value in
sight. All particulars at 11. G. WILKE'S.
2'J'4 Kearny st. .
A MAN of ability and experience In handling a
sawmill to invest $10,000 in' a company or-
ganizing to tak» over coast sawmill about 1
year old; absolutely safe and 6 per cent guar-
anteed; good salary to right man. Address
box 4656. Call offlce.
FOR SALE.
THK Csest up-to-date wholesale and retail
harness, mtuileiy. t-hoc findings and leather
business on the coast for rale; can make all
t!ie money you want. Correspond with Jull.\
T. STOLL. Sacramento, Cal.
j $10.000— SALOON business for sale; Market St..
near Sutter; long lease; clearing $500 per
month. Apply rocm 230. Mills building.
$18,000— SALOON business for sale; O'Farrell
St.. near Powell; long lease: clears SlOOt* per
month. Apply room 230. Mills building.
j 51SCO— SALOON, Fourth st., near Market; es-
tablished for years; safe and cash register
Inrlu.led; rent $55 month; one of the greatest
bargairs= ever offered: selling on account of
sickness. M. LESS. 935 Market St.. room 5.
I TO let.- i!i Vallejo. saloon and dance hall com-
pletely furnished; rent reasonable. For par-
ticulars call on JAMES A. LAMOXT, 525
Marin St., Vallejo. Cal.
$G0 WILL buy a good paying old-established
j restauFant; central location; owner being
sick must leave the city at once; cost $400
to furnish. Call at room Hi, Phelan building.
i $^OC— PAIiTNER wanted in light, established
business; plain, steady man satisfied with $1S
to $3o a week, will find this a rare chance;
no experience required. 759 Market St., r. b.
BEST equipped shop in city for 'mo-let, «-s-
perimental and small machine work; doing
: eood business; good location; price complete,
$1400; Inquire on premises. 544 A Mission ht.
FOR sale — One of' the leading restaurants in
•Etrkeiey; price $1200. For further particu-
lars apply J. P. HALE. 1611 Shattuck aye..
northwest corner Union st.
i $e;yi — FIRST-CLASS hotel and bar. furnished .
rooms; tltnrs $2o<> to $300 per month; 3-year
tease: $25 p«r month rent. Box 4C31, Call.
j $5000— RECEIPTS $70 a day; corner grocery ;
and bar; will stand full investigation. Box
4(5)3, Call office. - \u25a0 j •
DRI'G store for sale; 17. miles from Eureka, on
rai'.roEd: only drug store; full prices; price
, $15W cash. 'A. EVANS. Lolc-ta, Humboldt Co.
j SHOE store; family trade; furn. rooms; cash
rcg. ; good repair trade: owner going East;
E<>r«i man can clear $150 mo. 509 Larkin st.
I NEWSPAPER route for nale in Oakland; r '\u25a0
good Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business , of flc» for particulars. !
I EXCELLENT bargain: $12,000: buy well pay-
ing >aloon; long lease, whole property. Box
4!J?;4. call. I ' 1 '
iIF you to build, buy or sell proi>erty call !
on J. H. YOUNG. 12« Park st., Alameda.
WANTED — Good carpenter as partner in goo.l ,
l>avinp job *hop. 3373 Eighteenth' st. .
FOR sale — A fine delicacy store; very reason-
able : do a?€nts. Box ::552. Call.
SMALL restaurant for rale: suitable for man
and wife. Apply at 506 Howard st.
$15li— PARTNER wanted: genteel contracting
business; *15 week. 131 Montsomery. r. 8.
WANTED — To buy a saloon in San Francisco •
fcr cash: must be cheap. Box 3545, Call.
FCR sale — Printing office. 526 Montgomery
st. t> room 1 : phone Red 4577. \
CANDY and ice cream parlor: well estab. ; good
location: $500. C!l Vallejo St.. cor. Mont. ay. J
TURK. 436 — First-class delicatessen and res-
taurant fcr sale. -
FOR sale — Faloon doing good business; fine lo-
ceticn: price reasonable. Apply 845 Folsom^ j
ELECTRIC laur.dry, cst. is yrs.. for sale, "lr.-
cludlng prop.; doing good bus. -Box 312 C. Call, j
GOOD Call n-.ule for sale. Apply at " Cal!
office. . . I
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
i tion of advertisements and subscriptions baa j
I been opened at lOCS Market st., opposite
j Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. •
! LODGIXG-HOUSES FOIL SALE. =
A— CAMERON & CO.—- Phone South ICSO.
3 Eddy *t., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarter* for Koomln^-houses, . Hotels and -
! All Kinds of -Business Chances.
18 rooms, fine location; furnished . In oak,
blrdseye maple and mahogany; fully arranged
for housekeeping ; small payment down, bal- -
ance can be paid out of house; price $1000. • ]
30 rooms; central; fine corner; all sunny
rooms; rent only $5 50 per room; good furni-
ture and carpets; always full and clears over 1
$150 per month; on • account of sickness at
bargain. '-';'i-'
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. \u25a0'
SCHWEINHARD & CO.,
Real Estate and Roomtnc-House Brokers, :
lOOSI4 Market St., opp.. 3th; phone Jessie 3041.
Buyers : We have houses to suit you ; hon- \u25a0
eet values guaranteed or no sale. . £
FISHER & CO ........Phone Main 5354
Room 438, James Flood Building. '
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and fiats. ~
... I
JO-ROOM house, well furnislvsd: full ot.r.rain-
ers; par^y leaving city. Inquire 152 Tenth. "
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, cent to any address in the S
United States or Canada one year, for $1.
Itonminc-Hunies and Ilotcla for Sale. J
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market at.. Room 801, Eighth Floor.
P-ooming-Houee Broker. Phone Main 3843. <;
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. Pacific .Collection Co., 415 "j
Montgomery St.. ' rooms 8-10. Tel. Main SSSO.
DR. PIERCES Magnetic Elastic' Truss; per-
feet retainer: positive cure;. book free.- R*. «-
moved to 206 Kearny St.. . room 307. .;.-.--\u25a0
DAY AXIi CONTRACT, WOIIK. v I
CARPENTER and builder wants work by day
or contract. C. C. LEROY, SO2 Jessie st. 7
THE ;SAN FRANGISCO,^
'i CLAIRVOYANTS.'
II AA— PROF. NIBLO.
tl IT IS JUST AS CHEAP TO SEE THE BE9T.
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
' SPECIAL THIS : WEEK. '-•
'; MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE- READINGS. = $1.
: - $1 00— LOW.-FEE-^-$l 00. '
7 BRING CALL COUPON 'AND SAVE ; $4.
1 MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READING ,
FOR $1 IF YOU .BRING -THIS,
a ADVERTISEMENT.
41IA ELLIS ST.. NEAR . JONES ST.-
r NO CHARGE IF NOT SATISFIED WHEN
1. READING IS OVER— YOU TO BE JUDGE.
I DO HEREBY SOLEMNLY AGREE and
guarantee to make no charge if I fall'tocall
you. by. same In full, names of your friends,
' t er.eraies or rivals. : I promise to tell you
whether your .husband,' wife or sweetheart is
true or false; tell you how to gain the love
of the one you most desire,! even though
' a miles away; how to succeed -In business,
speculation, lawsuits; how to marry the one
of your choice; how-to regain youth, health
r snd vitality. Removes evil influences, cures
1 . drJnk habits, locates treasures, cares all
nervous diseases.
Hotv can 1 have good luck?
How can I succeed In business?
How can 1 make my home happy?
Hew can I conquer my enemies? \u25a0
How can I marry the one I choose?
How can I marry well?
_ How soon can I marry?
" How can I conquer my rivals?
How can I make any one love m«?
y \u25a0 How soon will my lover propose?
g How can I get a good position?
f How can I: remove bad influences?
How can I control any one?
How make distant ones think of me?
: How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's lore?
Oldest .Established. First Registered.
Best hown Clairvoyant In California. ,
Others may come and others may go, but
: Professor NIBLO always remains.'
1 Hours, 10 to 8 daily and Sunday.
' ;> 411 A Ellis st..' near Jones st.
' Permanently located in his own home.
•_ PROFESSOR NIBLO. .
I PROF. LIVINGSTONE
1 If you wish reliable advice consult PROF.
LIVINGSTONE.
\u25a0 You hear the truth and nothing but the
; truth, be it good or bad. He'posltlvely refuses
\u25a0 to accept any fee in advance and leaves it to
' your Judgment .whether he has performed all
he claims and advertises to do.
Full Life Reading 50c. Hours 10 to 8.
LIVINGSTONE— 2C>i Kearny— LIVINGSTONE
' A PHENOMENAL $5 mental reading for $1. |
: ST. GEORGE ORMONDE 1031 Marketst.
\ Yoghl Initiate, clairvoyant, psychic palmist, j
Tell you more than all others combined; j
how to overcome sickness, drink or weak
! habite, enemies, spells, lest vitality, bad
luck: find treasures, valuable mines: marry
j-our choice: restore lost love; secure aecret
powers of control; reunites .separated: im-
plants business success. By mail $2. $10,000.
for his equal. .
A— MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St..
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of life; Miss Wlllo guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the past; gives correct rorecast of your fu-
ture; advices you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. m.; French, German, English spoken.
CASSANDRA, 1007*4 Market St.. near Sixth—
Before taking any important step in love,
marriage, divorce, purchases, sales, invest-
ments. Journeys, health, consult the great
clairvoyant and palmist. Cassairdra; she is
the famous medium who predicted the Ku.-mo-
Japanese war 4 years ago: also the assassin-
ation of President McKinley: readings,, $1;
hours. 10 a. m. to Bp. m. . '
_______
Clain .-oyant and pEychic; the. oldest and best
known clairvoyant in San Francisco. Re-
opened at 360 O'Farrell st. Hours 10 to 5.
Readincs" by mail, $2.
MJIE. ROBERTS, clairvoyant; convincing
proofs revealed through her power of clalr-
voyancy; readings daily; circle Wednesday
eve.. S o'clock. ICSJ4 Hayes st.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.,
has second' sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names 50c. $1. 1035 Fillmore. nr. McAllister.
MME. KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
ec, palmist; when others fall try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102^ 6th, nr. Mission. |
MME. ' BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life: satisfac-
tion guar.; 25c up. 17 3d, next Examiner bldg.
ISMAR will return to San Francisco and be in
her office by Sunday. November 6.
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives names; advice in' all affairs. 5 4th st.
MME. WARD. 1153 Market St., above 7th—
Clairvoyant gives names, dates and facts.
MME: MARSEAU card reader: ladles 26c,
gents 50c; hours' 1 to 0..' 545 Minna at.
RETURNED, MME. ODELL. card and tea-cup
; reader; 25c-50c; satisfaction guar. 505. Jones.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card . reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth st. to 034 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM. . .
A— MRS J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
lire reader. 12CC Market, r. 10. Gait House.
EARLE'S seance Sun., Wed.. 210 Eddy St.;
readings. . Hotel Hicgins.- O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY. ..
I A^RETURNED. H. Jfrcme Fosselll. scientific
palmist. Cl 2 Mason, i.r. gutter; tel.Black SiX)S
CARPET-BEATING AXD CMSANISfG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Proces : used
fcr-tleaning carpets on floor without remov-
al; carpet and rugs also cleaned .by com-
pressed air at shop; prices moderate. -S..F.
Compressed Air Cleanlrg Company. SOS Mar-
ket Et. ; phone Main 132. and Bush 470.'
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 35:t-357 Teharaa st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet-Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
Golden Oate aye. & Larkin;' phone East 120.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero Et. ; tel. Mission \u25a0 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM ft CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. ' Tel. Mission 74...
RUDOLPH & CO;, carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
L.ACE CiritTAIXS AA'D BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New York-. Curtain House" most
complete plant fcr cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. 1324 Fillmore; phone. West 5306.
DEXTISTS. \u25a0\u25a0-,;\u25a0.. ..\u25a0/'.;.\u25a0
DREXLER PAINLESS DEI^T^L^O^TpANYr
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth. $2; silver, fillings/ —3c; gold
flllings, $1; gold crowns, $J; bridge work, $3.
1104 Market et.. corner Turk. "- \u0084 . > \u25a0
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; flllings, 50c;
plates, $5: full eet: all work •• painless and
warranted. Chicago Deutal' Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. .LUDLUJI HILL. 1443. Market, near 11th—
No charge | for. \u25a0 extracting when : plates are
rcade; old plates > made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. soc; gasglven.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,'
50c New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th
DR. . J. E. YOUNG, dentist, : removed to : 400
Sutter St.. rooms 7"and 8. \u25a0 \u25a0
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2, no
pain; op. Sun Dr.A.C.Hewltt,lolV4 Grant ay.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
iTEwTß^ri^LTnrn^Tl'l^atlrig^and :. Buttonhole
Factory of 130 : Taylor, st. will • remove to 14
and 10 Taylor st. about October 1. . ' .'v.:-
MRS. ESTES,' fashionable ' dressmaking, -. St.
Kathryn Hotel. 480 Ellis; tel. ;East 1359..
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery. School
— Eve, class; patterns cut. 1190 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE Lyceum, an excellent , preparatory
\u25a0 school for university, law and .medical .col-
leges ; we prepared I hundreds of students , suc-
cessfully, and .we shall ; prepare; you; .- day,
evening session; references . President /Jordan
or any \u25a0 Stanford prof essor. H' Phelan \u25a0 building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS; COL.; 933 Market,
conduoted by . Robt.' •• F. -. Gallagher, .-> expert
oourt reporter, holds world's record for short-
hand wrltinc: successful : himself. • will >• make
you so: shorthand. typing.' hookpg. Catalogue.
ALL who desire good ' positions - should' attend
this college ; ' we have . had ' 2SO \u25a0 good \u25a0 places
since March \u25a01. \u25a0 San Francisco Business \u25a0 Col-
lege, .738 Mission st. ~ - . » • . . : . .• ;, ; ; i !
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
• Institution devoted; exclusively,. to dramatio
learning in America; .positions /guaranteed.
Bend for cataiogue.." Native Sons' -building.? \u25a0\u25a0•.
DANCING, j both adult and - children's " classes,
now open . at- Hinman's School of 'Dancing,
1412 Polk st., . near * California; phone East
2126
i j r EhuCATIbyAL-— Contlnngd.
HEAKD'S : Schobl'of ;: Mines and 'Engineflngr. 24
'. j Post, st.. 8. F.; civil. "minlnff, electrical, steam
and .'ga3 engineering. -> Send f,or prospectus. -
I HEALD'S - BUSINESS TCOLLEGB, 24 Post st.
Established 1863 ;• largest' in the West;annual
enrollnif nt;: 1000; : yandgTor? circular. = -
BY young . lady, exchange ' pla no \u25a0 leesons . for
room.* walking "distance from Call -building.
Box 4G3C.v Call office. •,;::.•. , .:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0,."..-;
BOOKKEEPING, -Ensr.,- math., etc., day and
. eve.; individual" lnstr.rsca Larkin st. Prof.
»' T.A. Robinson, formerly .. preg. Pac. Bus. Col.
' ENGINEERING— CIvH, n elec] mln.. mech., sur-
j vey, assay, cyanide;. day. eve; «st. 1564. Van
1 der. Nalllen, School. 113 ' Fulton. nr.'.Clty Hall.
• A— METROPOtITAN-OaJifornla-Students Join-
, »d. ' Business. Btenograpiilc. 925 Golden Gate.
s A— SPANISH. French.; ltalian. English branch-
1 es. MRS. AMES. qail Octavia st./ nr. Geary.
j SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and I
1 PARTINGTON''S,-424 Post St.— Night classes.
'. A special class preparatory -to' teachers' exam-
1 inatiens or State nor.-'gchls. 333 Fhelan bldg.
EMPLOY3IEXT: OFFICES.
A— ORPH-UM' EmpToyment Office— Japanese
and Chinese help.': Removed to 505 Sutter
St.; phone Main 6752. .' ,* '
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment Ofnc»
. promptly rurnishesall kinds of reliable help.-
George Sakauye.'r 421 i Post ' st. : tel. Bush 135.
STAR Kmployment' Office— -Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished • with care. .'. W:
KADOTA. 409 Powell et.;te'. Main 1731.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese . emp. office
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. KIODA, 405 Post St.; tel. James 501.
- A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
' ' YOSHY. 4ir, Stockton st.; tel. Bush 850. .
AN old estab. (1850) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG'g, removed to 51S Pine:tel.Gr«nt 158.
Finest Japanese help; housecleanlng specinlty;
- Qeo.R. Kunlabe. :'A3 Mason: tel. James 5251.
11. I\V HONG. 1113 Clay Et.: Chinese 'employ-
. ment office: boat help. Tel. East 420.
I CHINESE and Jappnev? help; estab. 20 years.
J Tel. Main 19n~. BRADLEY & CO.. CtO Clay.
; JAPANESE. Chines? help of all kinds furnish-
ed: Sousecleaning. 703 Taylor; James 7638.,
RKLIAULE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 815 Stockton. Main GlBB.
j EJH'LOYME.XT W.ASTED — FEMAMS.
GIUL wishes position, cooking and do— nstairs
work; good cook; references. 349 Hickory
aye., between Oak and Fell, Octavia and La-
' guna.
WANTED — Position by rsspsctable girl to do
general housework and assist ! With p ain
cooking; wages $20. Call at 334 Third st.,
1 between 0 and 2 o'clock. . . \u25a0 .-
POSITION desired by a competent stenogra-
pher of several years' experience. Box 4825,
Call office. . * .
WANTED— By ieliable Canadian woman, cook-
ing and housework In private " family. 50
West Mission st.
COMPETENT cook wishes position; excellent
reference*?. Apply 4513 Eighteenth et.
GOOD cook wants work; American . family;
wages $30. 220 Rltch st. '; . .
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the
day; 'best -references. Box 4637. Call. . .-.
; DRESSMAKER., ladies' tailor, jackets, coats,
Fhirt waist suits, up-to-date styles; fits, sat-
isfaction guaranteed; all work taken In: de-
signer; engagements per day; no'slgn. MISS
BARSS. Ml Franklin st. ' \u25a0 ' \u25a0
EDUCATED German lady wishes a position in
first-class family for upstairs work and sew-
ing; has best references and long years of
experience. Box 4613. Call. • \u25a0
A SALESLADY would like position in mer-
chandise- business; 12 years' experience;
speaks English and German. Address, by
letter. R. M., 1546 Bush st. : -
A LADY of experience and refinement wishes
position as managing housekeeper of room-
ing or apartment house: exceptional refer-
ences. Box 4606. Call office.
A COMPETENT German girl wishes to do
cooking and light hous:work ln.'a Jewish
family; wages $30. Call 35 Washington aye.,
between, Ninth and Tenth sts. ; no postals.
A NEAT woman wishes to go out; small wash-
ing and ; house-cleaning by -the day. 308
Van Ness aye. „' -\u0084 ' .
A YOUNG woman with a child 8 years wishes
place as - housekeeper; best references. Box
6155, Call office. Oakland. .\u25a0• ;>
YOUNG,' woman wishes position" aa chamber-
maid or working housekeeper in: small lodg-
ing-house 'or transient house. Box. 4801, Call.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants position for
general housework- and cooking in a small
family ; no postals.' Call at 25C3 .Bush st. ',
COOK, strong, experienced young woman,
wants position in hotel or .boarding house, .]
city or country. f Address , box '160S, Call.
A NEAT woman would like to do plain cook- :
ing and . some housework .in small family;
wages ?30. Box - t 4002, Call office.
A REFINED young lady,', experienced traveler,
speaking . English, French and: German flu- <
ently, desires . a -position." - Box 3800, Call. :
A \u25a0 WOMAN would like , washing to take home
or go cleaning by the 'day. , 713^4 Minna st..
near?ElEhtb. " ; ij ' • • :
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes general housework
and -cooking; wages' $20. j Please call 623 .
Moultrle et... near Cortland aye.
RELIABLE woman wishes : work ; for Tuesday
or Saturday; $1 60 per day. and ear fare. Box
: 3818. Call.» -\u25a0• '. '\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0'• \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'...
GIRL would -like' to pose In exchange for In-
struction. ln drawing;, age 20;. height 5 feet
6. lnches. ' 80x. 3623, Call office.
INTELLIGENT reader desires . ' engagements ;
reading to invalids; j blind', or. elderly people "
or. children. Address Reader! ; 6B Waller st.
POSITION wanted •by• Rn experienced bo6k-
keeper: competent -and-rel*vble. MARY M.
FAHEY. SSS Turk; st.v -J
AN experienced' woman desires permanent cart >
of invalid ; references. ; Box • 8851. Call.
YOUNG woman l withes position; aa housekeep-
er. "Call' at; 132 Perry. at,- -•",<\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'-• •
TWO Finnish girls v would , like Ito do general
. housework. "327 Third st.'. '\u25a0\u25a0•' ~» '
SWEDISH girl* wants to do general housework >
and cooking. '521 * Folsom -st. ,' . ]
COLORED . woman i wants' position for house-
work. Box 3593. Call offlcij.';' > '. - :.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes family
laundry work by the day. • 112414 Folsom^st.
WANTED— A situation as .housekeeper or as ;
hursis for Invalid: 007. Folsom st.v near Fifth.
JAPANESE girl wants situation- to do house-
work or cooking.-: Address .1225 Fulton St.: ]
' phone Fell 2654. \u0084 .. .''..• ", \u25a0 \u25a0--..-
A JAPANESE good girl wants :t)osltlot» ea [
plain cook and do general housework in small «
family. -Address 1423 Pacific St.: tel. East
.244^. \u25a0"•';• .-..\u25a0•.. :\u25a0\u25a0>•--.*' .
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0' 1
EMPLOYMENT y WANTED— JIALE.
A THOROUGHLY- reliable expert' accountant, .
young, quick; active, accurate."- who has been
In charge of -banks and commercial ; concerns
in Europe, Mexico and .United States, know- -
ing four foreign 'languages, desires' permanent I
engagement; Al local '-. references; . Box SSo'9,'
Call -office;:- .t> •..\u25a0'.- ' r . • \u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ;\u25a0..' j
YOUNG man wishes to get a Job as interpreter/
lin Italian. French," German and; Spanish, : or "
as valet for travelers through; Europe for ex-
planation of everything in all large cities In .
Europe. Box 4629, Call. - ' .» ' ]
FIRST-CLASS assayer and chemist/also good .
accountant, familiar with ore shipping and «
sampling, attivo and-rellable, speaks Spanish,
. highest \u25a0 ref orencen,.- wishes -position. Box -
4(»4. Call offlco. - '\u25a0 ',? v ;,;v-: -\u25a0: -:\u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0•:<.. I
THOROUGHLY, competent male stenographer -
and : typewriter desires |a j permanent position I
with a chance to advance; Remington opera-
tor.- Box 462 1. Call.; \u0084\V - - :. J . r. (
COOK .(first-class)' with '\u25a0. best of references , d* 1 I
sires position either- in boarding-house or} in ":
. mining \ camp; Is -' strictly , reliable. Address '
318. James Flood buildine. :\u25a0-'--. . ' , .
YOUNG 'man,: 35,'? first-class chaufTeur and au- .
tomoblle » man; „ understands.' all '; cars, /wishes -
car to run and take : care of; *-syill work rea- i
sonable. JONES. Milton House, -166 Third st.
YOUNG man.'ag*d 24," with 3 years' exp»r enc«
v in " the \u25a0 hardware "business. 1 '- wl*h ;s % posuio \ "
; filling iordera or-telling. goods;.c ty *or:c:un- ;
try; best of references. - Box '3803, Call.:' . t
DENTIST;, flrst-class 'man, '.\u25a0wants • situation; \u25a0
state wages." "Address :H. ; C.V STUART. >I>.
'\u25a0- X). S.. 448 Central ave.,' Alameda.' . 'v'-'. - ,
FIRST-CLASS "young man aes lres steady posl- J
ration las j. barbery to start ' Monday." - Box • 4622,
Call 'office/; > \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' ..^.; \u25a0:-:? ' \u25a0:\u25a0 '> .--.-'.' '-.-
STEADY, '. reliable : young man," with ' good : ref- _'
", : - ereneei,' : desires .outdoori work.'?to^care, for
: : lawn ; or • garden.' \u25a0:\u25a0 etc. ; '.? Box \u25a0 3847, :_\u25a0 Call. V ,
TO Plumbers— A handy man wants to learn the d
\u25a0 trade.". "Address • letter to Plumber,* postofflce, 1
\u25a0 Alameda * Cal. \. ,; ; >.---.-\u25a0 \u25a0''\u25a0;\u25a0 * -";\u25a0.>••'.\u25a0'*"- "*-' '••'.\u25a0" : -- -,- I
HOUSE and window: cleaning.) farming.' garden- _
- : ing; any work ; by. experienced "\u25a0 man ; $I . per 2
-day. -Box 4696, Call. _ |
EMPLOYMENT ' WANTED— MALE— Con.
4 WANTED — An elderly men now employed a»
a watchman in a family, hotel- is -desirous of
making a change and accept * a similar »po-
- , sitton in. hotel.- apartment house \u25a0or- of flee
: « bulldlnB; references' as to sobriety and • re-
1 liability. Address; Box 1447 Call.- '•; ...
~ SITUATION wanted by an expert g machinist
/and adjuster of stitching machines;, have also
." : had . experience operating all -kinds "of ;ma-
_ chines on leather -work; 5 years' \u25a0 experience
i in San Franciat). Box 3805, Call.- - \u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0 '- .
" AN absolutely honest, sober. ' Industrious young
1 \u25a0 .man, wants \ position; private place; under-
. • stands driving, care of horses, garden,' lawn,
j milk, can paint' ai'.d do any. repairs needed
.-' around a place. Box 4563. Call. :
' YOUNG married man wishes -position of any
- : kind: v understand? care of horses; -experi-
enced driver; thoroughly reliable. Box 4615
• .-Call office.-- -\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0 -:. . ;. :~ ' -.-' '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
- TWO. bright Filipino young men desire po-
1 sitiens an i>crters in hotel or store; are. falth-
• ful and -have, pood -references.. .Apply -room
I 318 James Flood bldg. . .--"\u25a0. .'.".'
• WANTED— Situation; ; head gardener In all
branches; first-class references;. able to han-
dle men; take charge of gentleman's place;
sober, mlddlc-ace, single. Box 3755. Call. .
' FIRST-CLASS \barber wants Job every evening
and Sunday or Wednesday evening. . Saturday
evening end < Snnday mornine. . J. SMIDT,
» P23'a Mission st. . :
' • WANTED— Position as first-class blacksmith
. : and* tool dresser:' good on inventions of tools
1 . to : reduce labor;- a \u25a0 place " wanted where a
good mechanic Is appreciated. Box 3390. Call.
. STEADY, reliable young man. with good ref -
1 crences. desires outdoor work, to care lawn
or garden, etc. 72 Pleasant st:. between Sac-
rarcento and' Clay, off Jones.' *= .
YOUNG gentleman would Ilka * position in
fancy, bakery or cafe as baker's has
considerable experience in the East. Box
1458, Call offlce. ' ' ' :' \u25a0 \u25a0
• EXPERT accountant wants small set books
for firms or persons to- keep; . evenings or
' Sundays: terms low; Interview requested.
" Box 3559. Call. - . '\u25a0
POSITION wanted by respectable old gentle-
mai as bartender in country hotel or road-
house; sober, steady. and reliable: wages no
object; good references. Box 3781; Call.
STRONG, reliable yotmg man wants posttlon of
any kind -where there is chance for ad-
vancement. Box 3504. Call.
, A YOUNG man wishes to icarn the electrical
trade; lias had some experience; can furnish
references. Box 3571. Call.
EXPERIENCED chaffeur wishes position to
care for and drive owners machine; prefer
new Winton. Box 3SOS, Call office.
JANITOR, experienced, seeks work; office or
house porter: ' references given. Box 3522.
Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work to milk and
care for horses and garden. Box 4602, Call.
TYPESETTER wants a position In city "or
country; good referenct-s. Box 4814, Call.
WANTED — Situation; steam fireman-; coal or
oil. Apply 1410- Kentucky st. .
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation;
wages $10. SCS Stockton st.
.SITUATION wanted as night watchman er
Janitor by experienced man. 'Box 3337. Call.
GOOD cook, clean, . sober and steady, wishes
situation. Box 3542, Call offlce.
GARDENER and florist, capable of taking
charge of estate; references. Box 3535,' Call.
JAPANESE couple want positions as gardener
and cookj ran milk cow and take care of
horse. F. SAITE. 909 Telegraph aye., Oak-
land.
A VERY honest Japanese schoolboy, good Eng-
lish speaker and cook, desires a place; have
some recommendations. J. NAKAGAWA,
1329 Pine. st.; Japanese Mission.
JAPANESE, honest boy. wants school-boy po-
sition housework. ' 3350 Sacrament St., T.
NAKAMURA.
JAPANESE, good, plain cook and housework;
city or country. GEORGE, 703 Larkin st.
Tel. East 8770. '. - -
JAPANESE flrst-class cook wants position in
family; city. R. USHIO., 451 Jessie St.;
phone South 1161. ..
GOOD Japanese school boy wants position;
housework. \u25a0 I. HONGO. 2202 Fillmore st.
JAPANESE wants position; good laundryman;
city or country: nice family; wages $7. K.
IWAOKA. SCS Taylor st. > . '.
A JAPANESE strong man wants .position to
do any kind of work; speaks English well.
H. MORI. 503 Bush St.; phone Main 3608.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants to work
for good family; good recommendation. Ad-
dress 610 Jackson St.. S. F. , > 7
JAPANESE wants position as school boy;
speaks well. FRANK. 807 Polk st.
CHINESE would like position as ccok in pri-
vate family. 10C5 Stockton st.
CHINESE boy; flrst-class family cook, wants
position. 522 Dupont at. .- < .
FLATS TO LET. : .
AAAA
Every desirable vacant dwelling- is listed in
our renting department. Combined . lists from
26 of the lanrest agencies. Save' a world o*
time and trouble. . , • •
Service is absolutely free. * \u25a0: .
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANYr
1030 Market st.. opposite McAllister.
AA A— COMPLETED LIST .OF . HOUSES;
FLATS, apartment and rooming-houses; our
renting department is free to all; we can find
you a home in any part'of the city: ask for
r.o payment other than your good .will;, we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use this department freely; you are more
than welcome.
} CORDES FURNITURE CO., 245-259 Geary
*t. (on. the square). - -- . : ''\u25a0".
5 ROOMS, bath and wash tubs each, .\IS-Il3>i
Perry, near Third and Harrison; ". 39-41-43
Langton, 4 and 5 rooms, bath and wash tubs,
new, clean and convenient: 711 Harrison, 4
• rooms;" C 37 Jessie, near Seventh, 6 rooms.
AN elegantly furnished S-room flat; McAllister,
near Stelner; for permission to inspect same
call at ofnee. D. W. CARMICHAEL CO.,
232 Montgomery st., 2543 Mission . St. ;: .
HALF month's rent free; come and- see those
beautiful fiats. 4 rooms and bath, ' $20; only
two' left. 2736 to 2756 Franklin st.; marine
view. - \u25a0 \u25a0 ' - \u25a0 " \u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0•:\u25a0_''
FULTON, 729. upper flat— 6 rooms, $30; lower
flat. 6 .rooms. $27 60; modern; "half- month
free rent. ' : . . .».- \u25a0•\u25a0
BRODERICK. 143, near Halght— Modern B-
room flat; marble steps, beam, ceilings, . elec-
tric lights, etc. ; owl cars; rent reasonable.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3478. near. Valencia— 4
rooms and bath. $16; private entrance; .an
upper sunny flat. •-' \u25a0 "•...'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.
$25— SUNNY flat; 8 r. and b.; yard, basement.
218 Willow aye., oft Van' Ness. , bet. ; Eddy
and Ellis «ts.
MODERN flat. - B rooms, bath;, light, sunny;
$22 50. ; 275 Fourteenth St., , near Mission.
MODERN flat, fi , rooms, bath; . light, sunny;
•: $20. . 3825 I Twenty-fourth st., near j Church.
MISSION, 1010— New building, store and flat;
suitable for doctor or dentist; rent reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 220— 5. sunny rooms,- $35; and
8 rooms, $50; .water free. . .
$25— UPPER flat.. 7 rooms and bath. . 1175 Mc-
Allister st. corner Fillmore.--.;.
$15— TOWNSEND. 240. opp. S. P.R. R. depot;
. 4 rooms and bath. . .
5 -ROOMS: all modern Improvements; rent
$15 M). • 2607 B Post st. ' '\u25a0 t' A _ '\u25a0'
$17— CORNER ufjper flat, 5 eunny rooms and
I bath ; ; tinted. 3336 Twenty-sixth st.,- nr. Capp.
$11' SO— SUNNY '4 rooms. -08 Ivy aye.. near
Van Ness aye. '-. and ' Hayes st. -
BEAUTIFUL location: Hayes and Stanyan; G.
:. ;\u25a0: G. Park ; 4 ' r. i flats. $25 ; j new ; ; ready this wk.
HAIGHT.: 1001, : near > Baker— Nice sunny 6-
iroom flat, facing Buena. Vista: ave., and park.
GROVE, 715U— A fine sunny flat; -7 rooms.
bath ; key -\u25a0. at 715* Grove st. ;- .\u25a0' •\u25a0" >
BROADWAY,' 5 1255. ; nr. " Hyde— Sunny flat, 3
Jarge rooms:' sanitary: flnc lawns: $8 to $11.
FLATS ; TO LET—FI'RXISHED. V.l
STJNNY. flatof 4 rooms -.-rent, reasonable tor e.-
. sponslble ? party. 1076 Ellis - St.; - 10-12. 2-4.
FLATS s FOR \u25a0'{ SALE— FURNISHED.
NEWLY i furnished, i sunny, ,, upper :7-room flat ;
• will sell or rent cheap. Box 3759. Call offlce.
. ' FURNITURE WAITED: v
A— PHONE South. 1015: it will pay you to send
\u25a0 for Ime - before you < sell i your . furniture. ' car-
; pets, piano, etc. .'. M." QALLICK. \u25a0 201' Larkin.
MARK J.f LEVY -AUCIION : CO., '-. 1321 \u25a0 Market
; St.. ; bet.; Oth and 10th, paying' big money for
,lurniture, ! 'etc.»SPhone,South:l79.-- \u25a0'- ' ;
Alfred Wollpert.' 773 1 Mission.^ phone Red | 4462.
'\u25a0•:- pays highest price for, furniture,^ carpets, etc.
HENRY- MAYER pays highest | prices for ; fur-
- nlture.' carpets, etc. 752 Mission: tel Bush 813
Z; AhE I LEVY. • 1135 Market* st.;* phone Jessie
761," pays ' cash ' and buys every thing. \*
1; f :'' V FURNITURE FOR SALE .;.'; V; -'"
» ALMOST given away ; unredeemed storage pl-
>t \u25a0 anos-and fur. Whitehead's Storage. 163ftMKt.
1- — — — —^~^~~
I HELP WANTED — FEMALE. .
_ i A— CENT. CAL". .EilP. CO.. 3SS" O'Farrell st.
t f Male and. Female Help. Phone Main 34.J>.
it Man 'and -wife,; cook and handy man, family.
aee.-man'-ll ;o' clock, '. $50.
c Cook, . Cloverdalc, see .man 9:30. $35.
Cook, mining . camp boarding-house, $30.
Waitress, Holllster. Cal.. man here. $20.
I Woman .with a child, hswk., Irvington, $13.
Middle-aged woman, housework, country, $13-
• 2 ; cooks, institutions, one Oakland, $35.
1 . 2 cooks,' boarding-houses. $25-S3O. - ,'
_ 6/ cooks. 3 Jewish families. ?35-$4O.
lp 10 girls, cooking" and downstairs wk..525-S3O.
30 \u25a0 girls, " hswk., city and country, $25-t : >o.
S 4' German second girls, -one Oakland, $25-$3 O.
Nurse, baby 13 months eld, sleep home. $"..'O.
3 infants' nurses, $20-$26.
Nurse,'. 2 children, - 3 years and 20 moa., $25.
4 : lroners. . laundry.', $1 60 day. *
i Neck band . lroner. - $0 60- week.
Parlor "maid . and waitress. $30^ ---''\u0084'\u25a0 I
I SECOND cook, sanitarium .;. $40
3 Institution cooks $35-sto:
; • Ccok. no washing 340
8 cooks," German families JJiO,»?2S
2 parlor maids \u25a0..\u25a0..:.:.........\u25a0 $30
' 2 second "girls . ; ...... .$2O-$25
': Chambermaid, wait one meal".... $25
• . Housjsirl, Ross '-.Valley, no wash .......$3O
Houeework. - San Rafael '...... $3
• Laundress for . hospital ••• $50
J 8 nureeglrls $15-?20-$25
' Kitchen helper ..;..;... *2J
Housework Berkeley $80
1 Housework, 3 In family, Sauaalito $30
\u25a0 44 general housework girls, city and country,
1 $20-525-130. Call to-day. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st. V.. ' . .
. GIRLS to loam hairdressing. manicuring, mas-
i sage, etc., from A to Z, In 1 month for $3 to
i those enteringfTiow; 7 positions to nil guaran-
c teed at SlO per week up; day and evening
class. 234 Post St.. room 17. second floor.
1 WANTED— GirIs to learn millinery for fall: 2
6easons from start to finish in 1 mo. for $15;
I positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
now for fall positions. 234 Post. r. 16. 2d fir.
• LEARN hairdressing. facial manage, manlcur-.
Ing.scalp treatment, hair work.removal super-
> fluous. hair; day. eve. classes; positions walt-
ins;slo week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3. 2d floor.
SEWING machine operator* on shirts; clean,
light factory: steady work; inexperienced
young women taught and paid while learn-
I ing. LEVI STIIAUSS & <JO.. 1573 Mission
1 st.. bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
1 SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
GOOD _ PAY; STEADY WORK. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 32 «j FREMONT ST. MR.
' DAVIS.
A- SALESLADIES
GEO. HAAS & SONS.
Young ladies, living with parents; no experi-
ence necessary; s?e"Mr. Haas at this offles
1:30 p. m. to-day;. no fee unless posltloa-is
secured. MRS. M. E. DAY. 4SG O'FarreJl »t-
CIGARETTE makers wanted: high wages paid;
learners taken. JOHN BOLLMAN CO.. 6»7
Front st.
WANTED — Woman to go to Mexico with an
American family to do cooking and general
housework: reference required. Call at 1722
Pine st. this morning between 0 a. m. and
1 p. m. .
GIRL operator for numbering .machine for
bindery; also girl feeder for ruling machine.
Mutual L. &. L. Co.. Second and Bryar.t
sts. ; Bryant-st. entrance.
GOOD home for schoolgirl, with young couple;
help with work; board and room free. Box
46HS. Call offlce. . . . .
GIRL about 15 or 1C to taKe care of baby and
assist. 1623 Page St.. -Detween Ash bury and
Clayton. '
TWO first-class arm waitresses; good wages:
no Sunday work. Victor Restaurant. 972
Broadway, Oakland. }
FIRST-CLASS waist and coat hands. 1200
Geary st. . r-fe.* :
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting:.
1307 Hyde <t.
WANTED — 2 laundresses on lroner. $1 50 a
day. Favorite Laundry. 2122 Filimcre st. '
WANTED— GirI to help wait at table. Ad^
dress 1005 < FpUpm . st. . " '.-.".\u25a0.'.'\u25a0 .. H .
BLEKVR hand waist hand and improver."
2014 Suiter st. - .' \u25a0 ' -. -.;
YOUXG-'glrl'.to work In. bakery. Apply 2439
California st.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on coats and
sklr t*. . MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market »t.
WANTED — Operators on 'women's and chil-
dren's ware; also home workers." MARKS
BROS.. IrJO Market St. "
.WANTED — Cash girls; must be 14 years of
age or over. Apply, with age and school
certificate to superintendent's offlce. Tha
Emporium. ~ . \u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0".<.\u25a0:.'
WANTED— Young women to learn telephone
I operating: salary while learning: references
required. ADply- after 9 a. m.. 216 Bush St.,
. third floor.' \u25a0' - - . \u25a0 •
WANTED-^A young lady of. good appearance
for reception room of \u25a0 photo studio; must
have knowledge of photo printing. Address,
stating salary expected, box 3540. CalL
WOMEN, to learn halrdressin?. manicuring and
massaging; only takes four weeks; special
terms to next 10 students; evening class from
7-ot 0. Moler System College.- 405 Powell st.
NEAT, willing Swedish girl for downstairs
work in family: plain cooking, plain wash-
• Ing.- $2Q. , 1216 Filbert St.. near Hyde.
W ANTED— Girl to assist with" general house-
work ;'\u25a0 good , home .and wages, Apply 117
Cole . St.", - near Hayes. .
CIGARETTE makers wanted at H. BOHLS &
CO.'S, 214 Fremont St.; to make Kadee
cigarettes. ,\u25a0. . ... • • ' . . - '
LADIES— We do shampooing, Ananlcurlng and
hairdressing . for •10 'cents; . open evenings;
flrst-class work. 405 \u25a0 Powell : st. \u25a0 - -:\u25a0
WANTED— Experienced pants operators by
S. N. WOOD _ CO. Apply factory.. 49 Geary.
GIRL about 16 to care for baby, assist light
housework. 707 San Jose aye., near 29th.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework: good
home;, wages SlO a month. | 1325 Ellis st.
WANTED — Lady to take care of -house;- 3 In
family: $12 month. 904. 0" Farrell st.
GERMAN girl for delicacy store; Sundays and
' evenings off. .57-59 Union Square Market.
GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats; steady
work; good pay. 800 Mission st.. fourth floor.'
GIRL cf good character to care for baby during
day; references required. 3323 Clay st.
"WANTED— Ytung girl for housework. Apply
524 Harrison st.- . '-.- ". \u25a0 - .".. •
GlRL' wanted: general housework; no children.
62C . Ehotwell st. \u25a0 - .
BARBERS— Employment and . Supplies.
$500— SrCHAIR barber shop for sale; near city-
hydraulic chairs; cheap rent; choice location-
fixtures Ci-sJ class; good, business; rare op^
portunity • seldom offered. COLEMAN 311
. James Flood building... .- . '. -. . '
$500— FIRST-CLASS 3-chalr, barber shop for
sale; well. furnished; cheap rent; busy street
nr- Market: doing good business; to be sold
. sacrifice. COLEMAN. 311 James Flood bldg.
BEST- 2-chalr shop In Alameda. with cigar
stand that pays expenses of chop*, reasonable*
. lease. 1544 Park St.; rAlameda. \
I WANT to buy 4 or 5 chair barber shop-
\u25a0wholesale district preferred: particulars. Box
. 3762. Call office. :
FIRST-CLASS young man desires steady posi-
tion, as barber, to start Monday. Box 482"
Call offlce. »-..-.; " ; \u25a0
LADY. barbers wanted; 3 2-chalr shops for sale
2 in Fresno. 1 In city. -. 309 Sixth st.
BARBER. shop for sale. 817 Laguna St., cor-
ner/ McAllister.,
HOPLAND barber. shop for sale. JOHN R.
WALKER, proprietor.
BARBER shop. 2 chairs; llring rooms In back.
757' vi Rrannan et.,' near. Seventh. -
FIRST-CLASS young man desires steady posi-
tion, as barber., to start Monday.
FOR.'sale— A; 3-cbair 1 barber shop; a bargain;
party leaving city. 225^ Fifth sjt. :
2-CHAIR barber shop; living rooms; good loca-
tion; rent $12. 17C.~> Marketst. -
:HELP ..^WAWTED—MA-B. \u25a0 '
ACTIVE. ;: trustworthy men of-good address-
, capable of.presenting the "New Internatlocal
Encyclopaedla/'v: People are Interested and
an opportunity is offered to make bis money;
\u25a0;\u25a0• previous f experience • not necessary; - we train
and fit each man -for .the work assigned him -
: Call or address > DO DD. , MEAD _ CO 648-
, 540 Parrott: building. San - Francisco. '\
BOOTBLACK." Saratoga Baths, Park are., near
VHolllsist.. Rose's new -building., Emeryville
- near ; racetrack. >" < \u25a0 \u25a0-. -. ..-•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
WANTEl>— Party/ to' sell dlTldend-paying in-
dustrlalistpQk: must give unquestioned refeS
enccs, full name and address.. Box SSSO, CalL
HELP WANTED — MALE — Contlnned.
- A— MURRAY & READY. e34-6CC Clay st
Phon« Main 5843.
5 Our Own Printing
Plant Issues our free Hat of positions four
times daily — 7 a. m., .10 a. m..
1 p. m., 4 p. m.
I- EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION!
- OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREOA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION O3P
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO—
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & ready. erw-eSd clay st..
Leading Employment and Labor. Agents..
Phone Main 5345.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE: THB
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave in 1904 1905 we hope to
64,C'i 0 men work. Increase 64.000.
CAST YOUR
EYE- ON THW
ONE THOUSAND MEN
ICOO MEN
ONE THOUSAND MEW
FOR THE
new railroad.
big wages. ;\u25a0/-\u25a0:
2 years' work.
- SOUTH.
ARK YOU XJOING SOUTH t
DRILLERS. HAMMERMEN.
ROCKMEN. ETC.
$75 MONTH.
LABORERS AND MUCKERS.
$S7 50 MONTH.
2 TOOL SHARPENERS. $30.
BOARD. ETC.. $20 MONTH.
ALL OPEN CUT WORK. fc
R. R. COMPANY. Jl
• GOODS SOLD FROM . v<
COHiIISSARY AT COST.
SPECIAL R. R,,FaRB.
BEAUTIFUL SOUTHER*
CUMATE. NO LOST
OFfTQE FEE $1.
MXTRRAI-A READY.
634-638 CXAY ST.
LOS ANGELES, 5 FARE.
CATALINA ISLAND, *T> FARE.
NEWPORT BEACH JiVARB.
SANTA MONICA $5 FJ;R_
PASADENA. $'5 FARE:^
LONG ISLAND. $3 FARES;
POMONA. $3 FARE. S— .''
BEAUTIFUL REDLANDS. $3 FAR2T
Where th» orange and lemon grow. \u25a0" and
Cowers bloom the ysar round, and maß Ota
WORK EVERY DAY IN
THE LAND OF SUNSHINE*.
- NOW— NOW— NOW.
12 bridge carpenters. $00.
23 two-horse teamsters. $67 SO.
95 laborers. $67 SO.
65 hammermen ani drillers. $79.
H SneV/.NIo 37 "•
And hundreds of* ctber positions. 810
OREAT CROWD GOING. ARE YOUT
MURRAY & READY»
634-638 CLAY ST.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 COAL MINERS,
fl TON— ARE YOU GOING?
COAL MINERS.
MEXICO. MEXICO.
260 Ccal Miners.
MURRAY & READY. UU-638 Clay st
AMERICAN FACTORY.
IN AND OUTSIDE.
STEADY JOBS.
- MANAGER HERE.
55 LABORERS.
• And men to do different class of work; you H» A^
V $60 MONTH. '
FARE 31.
MURRAY fc READY. 634-636 CTay st.
TO SAWMILL WOODS.
65 LABORERS. 567 50.
FARE $3.
Real estate and development syndicate: fre»
fare
25 laborers: you'll suit; office fee $1; $$>.
55 TIEMAKERS — SEE US.
MILLMEN AND AMALGAMATORS. $30.
FREE FARE.
QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
'25 laborers, no experience, ship to-day. 11:30
a. m.. $60
16 drillers, ship to-day, 11:30 a. m.. $67 10.
18 header men. ship to-day. 10 a. m.. 3 and
5 p. m.. ?87 30.
12 laborers, bis new quarry. $67 50.
13 laborers around steam shovel. $37 80.
LA BOIiERS— TEAMSTERS,
363 laborers and teamsters, different Job*,
some in San Francisco, $2. $2 25. $2 50
day; come see us.
• FARMS. ORCHARDS. ETC.
General -ranch- hands. -$30. $3& $U) found.* \u25a0
CHORE \u25a0 MEN AND BOYS.
Men and boys for chores. $15. $20. $23, $30
and found. ' .
DAIRYMEN.
MUkftr". butter and cheese makers, $30, $-"3,
$10 and found. r '. '._',..
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
333 laborers, fare- paid, you'll suit. $05. $40,
$46 and found.
STABLEMEN.
Stablemen, different Jobs. $33 and found to
$60. $75.
IS boys for different trades. $4. $3, $6 week.
315 LABORERS. $60.
BUILD NEW RAILROAD.
FREE FARE. ' *,
GREAT LUMBER COMPANY.
25 laborers, northeast. $87 50.
62 laborers, grade railroad. NTS.. $87 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 C3«y st.
~ HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETcT" 7 " _
COOKS. COOKS. COOKS. >J»
Cooks, different places. $90. $78. $50, 140
\u25a0» and found.
WAITERS. • WAITERS. WAITERS.
Walters, different places. $45. S4O, $30. $23
and found. - \u25a0
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAKERS.
30 waiters, different places. $33. $30. $23.
$20 and found.
LAUNDRYMEN— BELLBOYS.
Laundrymen. all classes. $3. $2 30. $2 day.
Bell and elevator boys, different Jobs.
BUTCHERS AND BAKERS.
Butcher, slaughter-house work. $40 fousd.
BakerY helpers. $75. $60>. $30. $45. $33. $30.
$23 and found.
i -c BUTCHERS.
Butcher, shop and wagon, fare 30c, boss here.
$40 and found..
Butoher. shop and wagon, fare $1 60. $33 fd.
Boy. cut meat, city market. $30 found.
' Porter, learn tend bar. $5 week.
Sausage-maker, . $40 found; south.
Elaughtsr butcher, $43 fd. ; couth.
6 BOOTBLACKS. $S 50 WEEK.
Middle-aged man. institution. $30 fd-.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 Clay it.
MECHANICAL.
0 young man or boys, learn sasb and door
trade. $1 25 day. '
2 water rubbers and polish furniture, city, $2
day. -«**=*!
Carpenter's helper, few tcols. city. $2 30 day.
4 upholsterers, fare 20c. $3 and $2 day.
Wagon-maker, wood turner, city. $3 50 daf*
Lime burner, fare $1. $2 50 to $3 day.
3 PLUMBERS. $i DAY. ,
3 cabinet-makers; 6 blanket weavers.
Machine hand, ripsaw, $2 25 day.
Gang edgennan. north. $33 found.
3 sticker hands, mill. $3 50 day.
6 BLACKSMITHS. $3 DAY.~ ' '
6 BRICKLAYERS. $3 DAY.
Machine sticker hands. $3 day.
Turner, band sawyer, fare $2. $3 30 day.
CARRIAGE PAINTER. $3 DAY.. _ j
Brush hards, varnlshlnjr. $2 to $3 day. - * W
3 tinsmiths, city work. $2 to $3 day.
- 2 plasterers. $3 and $6 day.
Furniture and cabinet maker, city. $2 30 day.
Chief engineer and mechanic. Institution. $'3
and found. ' -...,". .*\u25a0.'*\u25a0..'
MILLWRIGHTS.
12 mor* millwrights, lumber co.. $103 fd.
• FREE FARE.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
23 carpenters, construction work, larga inina
. corporation, special far* $1. $97 00; geaerH
manager at our of flee.
is rough carp*sters, larja lumber co.. $30.
16'caxpenters, plain house and shed and her*
and other work: corporation doing their own
work; fare $1 30; steady Job; $103 month.
12 carpenters, special new job, construction
bunkhouses. trestles, etc., fare $1 23, $103
month. • .
2 rough carpenters..' fare 50c. 860 and" found.
6 carpenters, house, R/ R. work. fr*» fare.'
• $00. -."-..
6 roush carpenters, city Job, $30.
Rough carpenter, fare 10c. steady Job. $73
and found. /
Carpenter, do shlntllns. city. $3 M.
Carpenter, run Job. concrete bridge, fare 30c.
$1 day.
Carpenter finish work. .city, private. $«day.
15 carpenters, build clubhouse. $4 day.
CARPENTERS.
25 carpenters, house work, fare $1. strady (
Job. 33-50 day.
12 carpenters, special Jobs. . special fare, s—
$3 30 day. _
15 CALKERS. WOOD SHIPS. S3 DAY.
15 CALKERS. FREE FAR&.
MURRAY. & READY. tO4-65G Clay »t.
BOX FACTORY.
"63 ycuns men. you'll do. ?2 day. \u25a0
MURRAY & READY. 6C t-K'C Clay «t.
• MARRIED. >
Cook and wife, hctel. far* $1. *CO.
4 men and wives, ranches. $40 to $6l> fd.
MURRAY & READY. »m-«3tt Clay St., •*--
SHASTA: SHASTA. FEE nj*
- FREE FARE. • .
663 laborers and teamsters. $60 and $67 30^
MUHRA3T A READY; 634-63S Clay st. -
ELECTRIC lineman, factory, far* $1 40. $6d
and found.
Brakeman. lumber company, far* $2. ?4S fd.
Tool sharpener. R. R. camp, $901
_is^ 11 \u25a0\u25a0 1 T_i __ \u25a0_ \u25a0>\u25a0 lf_n_Ms_swfw_snr_ J i—d_lHs_^_^_i_^_l"sfnlV WHO r A KT T7 IT T l^V XJET-XY/Tt t Ct7lir \7_TM TD IY7 A KJ'T' AIS A KTT^ A KTC\Y7T_7l__> T^l
--. "— * J --' A -*• * *____ v t a-a— /___-_/ t__^-_4-_dj-__-i ... v_^ yA\»r* ii t a _ i_-/Aii^j_/i_,i *\u25bc Mix* x .
*
." l i': 1 15^ vIKO ~~ M * ____S*_______*S j
Jl*c___» blacksmith. Sjon TcunUry. tc_ntrj'. i
J,^ *i?| dfi V ' '
. Carap cook, fare _-V. st<__y g-v-U J<jb. $:0.
Isoy to -.-ork In rrlnt-ir.g oftU-ff. $1 flay.
, boy to crlvo. ?-hoiie light city loam. $1 J_y. !
Ch'-r^:nan ssr.d wife, fare $1. »-anch. ?*0 rj. !
MUttRAY i HEAIiY. K«-C^r. Clay et.
A— i.M iKlc COimtACTORfiT KMI J LOVM_XT
AOENCT <inc-.»
•Xi \Vr.thinj,u.n tl. Phone James BSOIJ
2000 JiKN— MiUE FAiili— _ytjO _C.\.
Ki:nE i'AKE — FEE *1.
J'or or.c -.-oxr.fxny, 2J-JQ m«n.
T__ns_tc_. $e7 to.
Nov.- ra::roac uvrk. Tear's job.
KKEE TAKE.
NEAR OKEOON— B. R, WORK- I
\u25a0TBEE FARE.
Hitkiyou Crunty. New railroad work.
£h!s> to-ttfsht.
NEW MEXICO.
«3 t-os.l r.ii^^jts '~fr< - tvin. }3 day.
Titnbermt-n ar.'i U-_-*tcr_»'^<-r« refunded.
~ rAv-.i'.iXfis. -if-ar city, steady .lob. $\u25a0? 50.
2 ca'porttr^. tuild $12i)
- M'.n?.-.-. Sifktyou Coscxy, >2 «rd found.
- M'.r.ors, Orttgon. 5_ 75 and fcunJ.
Miners. $2 and fo-mS, gold Qucrtz, 9 b^urs.
*S lare.
" bsnta i>«j, new -,ork. labore-re, $60
thasia. County, lumber pilers. $75.
Prakerr.f-n. $70: axmen. $*%; sp-?o!ter.der. $70.
<»re*-on mill and -.oo_s, part free fer», $2-sl.
» Laborere. rear city. $0.0 end *i 5" ;>\u25a0>.
2 sewer ciggers. 9 hours. JC 25 to #2 80,
t'.en&y.
2t> rM'roaJ rraflers. Shasta County, $67 50.
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGENCY.
"^ AT C. R. lIANSEN & OO.S i» Bu»h st.
Baokkeeper. double entry. $15 week; all- :
around ccok. tprings. <Juring —inter. $45-ssi> ,
fciscd; J;rrt and eecond cooks., tmall countrj'
hotel, SSK); 2 experienced pantry men. coun-
try hotels, $3©-s*-''; waiters dishwashers.
porters, etc.. clfy and country: tunnelmen.
drillers, mucker-, laborers. <_arrymen, $2-
52 50; blasting foreman an< powder man, R.
Et *-ork. *:< 50 flay. >f
r. R. HANSEN & CO/. «29 Bush «t.
A— AMERICAN EV»*LOTMENT BUREAU.
«42 COMMERCIAL ST. — PHONE BUSH KS3.
10 rough <-ar»-xter*. lumber corr.p-<.ny $iCS
. yjiiZE »iRE — B"th war" I—fTEE1 — fTEE FART..
ji--»*,1.-KRS. bg Job $5 and f^ind
,25 lUaBOREP.S. FREE FARE ?67 5J
30 LABORERS. LUMBER COS R. R..
$67 50. NORTH; 15 lab-rrs, « 50
S t^ATHERS. c'.tr Job. $3 per M; 25 laborers
and tearr.tters. $2 to $2 25.
AT HORD & SMITH'S Ernp'oyment Office.
6_« Clay et. Telephone Main 5521.
Nevaia— Free fare for laborers every day.
. c anta Cru* — Cheap fare for laborers and
learntler* on the Ocean Shore road.
Pc— tr-er teamsters, city. $2 25.
I>rillers, $2 25; couth; fare $1 25.
Laborers, company work. city. $1 75 to $2.
Cook. $60. fcr new railroad camp.
1 BUTLERS. $45 and $io and found: window
dreaser ar.d salesman. ?K«> month: planet
rr.an. f6o _nd found : carpenters, $2 50 and
f* day; 2 levermen fcr dredger. $70 and
board; 2 roof rep2!r*rs; farmers. $25 and
535 and found: window cleaner. $8 week: la-
borer*-, T2 end $2 25 <3ay: cooks, waiters, pot-
B'hers er.d other*. J. F. CRO6ETT & CO..
\u2666\u25a0'_* Sacramento et.
ANDRES Office. 317 Stockton st.
Cook, plain b^ariiir^r-house. $35: waiter,
oyFter house. $3'; —alter, hotel, $40; waiter,
r-ountry, $25; vc-getebleman, $30; dishwasher.
J"_s and *30; kitchen hand, $25; gardener for
a jobbing. t?.Q: etc. '
v: ANTED — Ccatmakers, sklrtmakers. -raist-
mak<Tf an<i *!«»eveniakers: high wage* paid
to eon-petert —orkers. TERRILL. 335-340
Poutt ITill tt.. Lc« Angeles.
WANTED — Experienced dress goods salesman.
Arr!y between 9 and 11 a. m., at HALE
BROS.'
WA.VTKD — Experienced crockery packer: ap-
ply fhirrinK department. GREAT AMERI-
9AN IMPORTING TEA CO.. 52 Market st.
BOT -ranted to drive delivery wagon whole-
sale house : $7 M per w*ek ; etate previous
powttssn: Box 4627. Call office.
YOUNG man for stenographer and general
of See work: experience !r. lumber business
rrr-ferrt-d. Apply 204 Front St.. room 7.
V,'ANTKD — Di***»s srooSs man for department
Ficre: state age and experience, also salary
exr**-°te<s. Apply box *G35. Call office.
EXPERIENCED second candy helpfr; wages
S!>. Ari'-y candy department. Emporium.
XVA.VTED — Brtrht. clean office boy. Apply su-
I*rir.trr.<!ent'e office. The Emporinm.
*A GOOD boy to run errands; $3 per week.
Golden 'Wcrt Prese, 14S Second 8_
tTAXTED — Men to drfve wag-on and tend meat
jrarket. 1C37 Clay it.
A YOUNG m_n to work in coal yard; steady
jr.b. Call 2407 California «t.
JOB compositor —anted. 221 Front et.. room 7.
WANTED — Salei-roen cf experience to sell Juve-
nile rurr.ish'.ng roods. Apply S. N. WOOD
_• CO.. 740 tlarket st.
WANTED — Experienced pants operators by
S. N. WOOD & CO. Apply factory. 49 Geary.
"»v ANTED — A regular physician to work in a
*trlet!y legitimate advertising medical in-
__ Mltution; only a moderate monthly salary
will be paid until fitness Is proven by triai.
Bon 46C3. C-11. \u25a0
v.' ANTED — All salesmen and salesladies week- |
:r.g positions are reqaeeted to call at the
Retail Clerk Headquarters- and Employment
Bureau. 1148 Market et.. near Sixth, between !
1_ and 2 or 5 end 6 p. m. j
YEN learn th* barber trade In 8 weeks; tul- j
Etoa earned while learning; situaticas gttar-
e r. teed: caly up-to-date colleges In America.
MCLKR'B STSTEM COLLEGE, €44 Clay st.
" V ANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikin. R<"no House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.: 250 roomy 25c to 50c per night.
V"aNTB_j — Men to learn barb«r trade; new
rnetfcoa; tuition earned while learning; posi-
tion iruararteed alter 8 weeks. GILLMAN'S
BARBER COLLEGE. C 27 Clay gt.
V'A.VTED — Young man not over 18. with good
»*ijucation. for clerical position with large
n.c^iufaeturlrig concern- Address P. O. box
2036. San Fr_nci»co. ' - ; \u25a0-t
MEN and women to leara the barber trad*:
special oSTtr to next five; new method. San j
Francisco College. 741 A Howard gt. .^f.'«
WANTED — Firtt-ciasg Jeweler and diamond
njr.ur.ter: trust furriah best of references.
B^\ SSj'-j. CalL
v:.\.VTED — Cash boy«. 14 yearn of age: apply
?-«tween 8 er.fl « en Mot-.eay. S. N. WOOD
_: CO.. Po— eV. an 3 Ellis sts.
'•'ANTED — Experienced saiezmac . for men*
'v-r'ehing goofJs?- only experienced men net 3
apply. S. tf. WOOD A CO. 740 Market gt.
V. ANTED— Men to fill 300 roonu at 20c per |
night: cJothes c:osi*t« balr »nattree3««. etec-
iflc llgtt la every room. CSI Howard, nr. 3d.
~-.vn erperfetic^d mln«r« for Bmall pr-.perty:
|-| tandard wages. Rox 4CI 7. -Call o«ic».
T.OX v.rtrAtO; chance for promotion. HOOKER |
& CO., IS Drumni tt- ]
"WANTED — Exptrter.'-e'l grocery cleric Apply !
«arly. SCOS Sacrsmento st. ' 1
TAILOAS «_rte<l o_ militarT work. 916 Mar-
wet gt.. rocra S2.
WANTED — Lur.cb waiter; 10:30 to I; 75c
.".3 "2 M'.|if'..;r. »t. ~
\u25a0WATTTKD — At one*, carpentens and appren- j
tlce-. Ca!l room 210. Starr Sing bull-ic*. i
DtTECTJV'ES t:i learn the business; money
" matte -r!-'le Seaming «5C4 Montgomery, r. 204.
. S/ iLOHS _td ordinary -eamen Tor all part* of
: v .» -srcr'.-l «t HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart »t.
J0.C04 v.'OKKiNGIinN tc buy our genuin*
srrr.y i!.oei>; all in*peet»<l. i(.' Third «t-
tAILOiiS and yc_nx nstn (gr^en bands) for
rt-tp*. MALLGERT 517 Jackson Bt.
LABOR <s?b'» collected; «Jlte. attachments.
:_i»- ar»<s MjentXDtttt Co.. 19 2d «t.. rm, 522.
FT-NSION art;-.. I?. A. BullU. r.40. Phelaa bid.
Fart Cc— .. G«> IC Thomai P>-»r. G. A. R.
CAirTGS. warts "800 men to buy inspected
Cto*'*rtira»3t *hces at C3l Sacramento et. !
Vk'INCHK-l-Elt Hctei. 44 Third «t.. ar. Mar-
kct — 7CW rooms; 3-V: tilgrit; re_dlnr-room».
frc*- \>::r end tacence tv and fro:n ferry.
A "BRANCH cfS<f of The Call for the n scep-
tics c-.t advertise— v*nts and tubscrlptlons has
been cr*er-'-(J at ICCS Marset «t.. oppcaiu
Firui. Opmj until 11 n. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
C*l! 'Jran^h office, cor. Dunrin & Church «ts.
\u25a0 g i
SrORSES A.YD WAGONS.
ONE farra wagon; 2 sand wagons; 2 big plat -
• form — a^one; 2 oiae-horae express wapons;
cse doctor buggy: fln* rubber tlr« runabout;
all kinrtu of bueine** bufrples: .*> Uip wagons
_j»r.. c«rt<» of ,11 kir.^s. l."ffi~s FoUom \u25a0_ .
JS R »_le —^£7s rM_>\ Ec;ii*e Stable, span b.
Vr.are*. fir.f irlvers; b. gelding. 17 hands: Wk. .
FtlO.. \r\<i hands; 2 flne drivers, 15^4 : pony. ;
FOR itaie— Hor«e ar.d — aeon in good condition; .
-h-*np. 5. CEID owbt. 511 Linden aye.. :
r.f.tr T^ir«r-s at.
>rcTJO:r rile of horc-f. wagon* an<i barn«w i
er«iy ;Ve_nesdar at 11 a, m.. 327 61-t- «t. ,
| SECOND-HAND i*anel top wagon; Victoria-
: rubber tiro ccup-»; Tconjty road cart: leather
tcp ca:Tia-r«> and phaeton: cheap at 500 Gold-
j eti Gate aye..- also 2 sets 2d hand harnesa.
j ONK horse for sate cheap. 512 Gough st.
j JUST arrived one carload of good horses; for
rale. 411 Sixth st. _.
GOOD business and wagon horses for sale
cheap. J. TOMKINSON CO.. 75 Minna st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of hous^-^7e7r*end for Clr^
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 .Montgtny.
j SIX large, modern, eunny rocms, butler's pan-
try, high flanked basement; garden. 610
Guerrero st.
<rt> , lBt — H»Ufce of IC pleasramt, sunny rooms;
nice yard: central. 107 Fifth «t. .
HOUSES TO LGT-yiHXISHED.
GOUGH. ICIS. near Pine— Very _-.-nny. _oi>lrnble
house, 7 rooms; all conveniences; 10 to 5.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALH.
BARGAIN — Sunny house; 7 rooms, bath; sun-
ny yard; t-*a-aaab!e; no agents. Box SSB2,
Call offlc.. . .
HOUSES TO LET — MILL VALLEY.
SUNNT villa, furnished, 7 rooms, bath. C.
TOOHEY or 312 Montgomery »t.
HOTELS.
HOTEL St. NichoU«~ Market, ~Larkin. Hayes
•ts. — Heart of 6. F. ; modern; American and
European plans: electric lights and phon«
In every room; hot and cold water; quiet.
INVALID CHAIRS. _^
{ SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
: Ban>M tryclclt chair. £018 ykt.; ttl. Park 776.
JAP.IAKSB CONTRACT LABOR.^
. JAPANESE contract labor for farming, wocd-
' ! t hopping:. tre«? pruning or any work: estab. 5
?n. Mateumoto & Ca \u25a0 box 125. Alvar-do. Cal.
[ j I *~-~~~-__
LOST AND FOUND.
, j LOST— The following passbooks with the Hl-
bernia Savings and Loan Society. In the
nanus of : Fiances Tlerney. No. 2G6-3SI; Ida
C. Tiernty. No. 210-432; Ellen Tlerney, No.
226-370; Thomas Tlerney, No. 296-CO-S; Bridget
Curran. No. 233-663; EHen Carran. No. 290-
233: James or Ellen Tlerney. No. 131-723."
The finder will please return to bank.
A TIE and pin were tak«n from the body of
E. E. Brown, who fill at Geary st. and
Grant aye. about 5:20 p. m., October 16. Will
the party having saisit return to D. W. Car-
: michae] Co., 232 Montgomery st., and re-
j ceive $5 for their trouble?
LOST — Ladles' patent leather purse, Sunday.
October 15. on U. C. grounds, betwen 5 and
6 p. m. : contained diamond ring and $16. Re-
turn to 1215 Eighth st.. Oakland; liberal re-
ward. . > , »
LOST — Gold ring, small .-namtnd feetting on or
near premises W. W. Montague & Co.. 317
Market St.; liberal reward. HARLOW
CULVER.
LOST — Diamond sunburst on Mason, Ellis,
Market or Fifth sts.. or Kentucky -st. car.
Finder please return to 1521 Twenty-second
aye. South: reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In th«
name of MARGARET BURNS No. 218-C29
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Scarf pin; grotesque head, diamond in
eye: liberal reward. H. McDONALD. 2148
Center et., Beikeley.
LOST — October 14, between Guerrero and Stan-
van sts.. gold watch. In brown purse, same
LUlie Inside; reward. 781 Stevenson st.
LOST — A diamond sunburst, on Halght-st. car
or at rark; kindly return; liberal reward.
Residence, 200€ Mason st.
LOST— Part water SDanlel bitch; long ears,
•white breast: nursing; liberal reward. 4063
Twenty-fourth st.
LOST— Fox terrier pup. Return to 1418 Polk
#t. : reward.
FOUND— An anchor: owner can have same.
1111- Fountain rt.. Alameda. '
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE. .
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
«t_. for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
BIEDICAL-
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Ladies, all who are
sick or in trouble, consult this specialist on
femals complaints; positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult cases
treated; every ca»e taken; immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs; low fets; my methods
. will cure all cases of Irregularity; consult
me; cave time and money: advice free. Office
101S Market St.: hours 9 a. m. till 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
roale troubles and Irregularities; inetant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5, Sunday
10 to 2. 10C24 Market et.. opposite Fifth.
j VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
; BbtA; price £_ 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
; irgen and tablets; price $5. By express only
! on recelut of price. OSGOOD BROTHERb.
' wholesale druggists Seventh and Broadway,
j Oakland.
j WOMEN'S disease* and irregularities cured in
24 hours; 19 years' experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling; strictly private; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office, 1206 Market.
DRS. GOODWINS' herb treatment: reliable.
safe, prompt for female Irregularities; rellet
or no fee; S10; hrs. 9-8. 850 Mkt. st.. suite 37.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — urflce - and \u25a0 residence
1021 tt Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth St.,
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East C 97.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom tt., corner
Twenty-sixth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. HOWARD, ladies' specialist— Relief or no
foe; $10; hours. 9 to 9. 906 Market at »
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office and Salesroom, 130 Beale st. . £
Works and Yards, Ninth and Bryant sts.
We. hay* a brand new lot of pipe complete,
ready fcr immediate delivery.
H-l-ch pipe S3 25 per hundred feet (new)
tt-lcch pipe. i 3 35 per hundred feet (new)
1-inch pipe S3 70 per hundred feel (new)
; IH-l-di pipe S7 60 per hundred feet (new)
IH-Inc_ pipe... .tH 90 per hundred feet (new)
2-lßdi pip*.-.. 511 85 per hundred feet (new)
I , 2V»-ln. rcraw pip* (Sd M); ready for uee.lOo
I 3-ln. screw pip* (2. fad); ready for use.l_',io
< >H-la- tcrew pipe <2d he); ready for use.lfic
; - 4-ln. screw pipe (2_ fed); ready for u-e.lOo
j Kend by check, money order or coin by W. 7.
{ Exprets Co. with I order.
H. 8. WHITE MACHINERY. CO..
Office 13f» Beale it.
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
_d-KAND machinery, ecrine*. boilers, pump*.'
pulleyc. chatting, etc.- etc., - bought, fold
! rented and exchanged; ••• Sunday papers.
! H. 6. WHITE MACHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
-(OILERS, engines, 2d-r.and machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale— New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we reot tables
with privilege of buying; modern . bar fix-
tures; cheap price*. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENJJSR. W2 Mission St., S. F.
A — BUYS, sells and rent* gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
ttc. WHITELAW.. 238 Main rt.
DRUGGISTS — Complete outfit of etore flstures;
' brand Heir; to be had at a bargain. 723 Mar-
' ket st., room 20. .
20-H. P."2D-HANL> gasoline engine, pumps and
purcplng" machinery. Hewlett I Machine
Worka.. -50 Fremont st. • r ...
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought,
told and exchanged ; power plants in their
entirety bought. Western Mhy. Co.. 230 Main.
14-K gold fountain pens. 50c; Sheffield hollow-
ground razors, Cflc; celling out. our cutlery 4
stationery dept. SUNSET BAZAAR. 42 3d tt.
A— GENTS' full drea_ cult- -* to rent .' J..
• COOPER. 21 Stockton tt., eecond floor.
STOVE for sal«, cheap. , Call 11 Avery »t., be-
tween Fillmore and Stclner, Post and Geary.
BEAUTIFUL gent's diamond ring. 2 carats,
SH/q PAUL V. GARIN. 114 is.tt'r st.
MAGNIFICENT p««rl and -Ham mil \u25a0 clutter
ring $100. PAUL V. GARIN .114 Sutt-jr vt:
DUCK club'- ' membership for gale; Suisun
ni-rthey. Box 5000. Call office. -
DESKS and office furniture bought, sold and
exc-ar-ged. T. P. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES— Printer. 611 Sanaomt St..
San Francisco. : \u25a0 ' -
SOLID Kilver tea ut. 5 pieces, st A bargain. 10
61xth . «t. \u25a0\u25a0...\u25a0'.\u25a0•-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, jTHURSDAy,; OCTOBER IU, 1905.
j SIISCKLLAXEOUS— FOR SALE— Con.
LARGE show tent in good condition. "W. A".
PI.UMMER, 111 Clay st. V
MILKS uf pipe and 'flttings, all sizes, cheap.
• EUGENE RILEY & SONS, 100. Val'ejo r «t.
TWO merry-go-rounds: one miniature railway.
BACIOALTJPI. SO5 Kenmy et. \u25a0. '-.
HIGH Eiad« second-hand olflce safe and wagon
ccale. FAIfcELLS SAFE CO- 210 California.
SAFES— New and second-hand. .THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. BULLARD-& BRECK. 131 Post at.
MISCELLAIVEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles' gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
M. LEVY pays highest prices gents\ cast-off
rlothing.shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington.
WE i*ar cash ladle- and gents', clothing*. Tll-
toa's Mlsdt Parlors. 154 oth: tel. Howard 1187
BUYS any amount of castoff clothing;' etc.
MRS. MORRIS. 934 Folsom: phone Jessie 44«.
OFFICE furniture cheap for cash. Box 4630,
Call. \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0
DIAMONDS, etc.. bought for cash. Karl Eber
A Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny it.
MOXEY TOJLOJUX.-
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~~
601-602-603 Examlnar Building.
Quick settlements; no -disappointments.- .
Save expense* by dealing directly.
Estatee, Eecond mortgages; undivided Inter-
eets, ctiilgnroents of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
ure-ts In property purchased. .
Courteous treatment- Strictly confidential.
When you -need money
free HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can
GET JUST ON HIS NOTE: . '
Mo. Eeml-Mo. Week.
$50— R«turn to us $13 36 or Jtt C 5 or 13 30
80— Return to us 8 00 or 4 00 or 2 00
80^ — Return to us 6 35 or 2 65 or \u25a0 1 35
15 — Return to us 4 00 or 200 or 100
Or any other sum and pay back In proportion.
STAR LOAN CO. of Wyoming.
Room 311. Mutual Savings Bank building.
WILL LOAN
reasonable amount on .
Ist. 2d or .3d
Mortgagee On real estate
In city, town or country.
Uv rate of Interest.
Give full .articular*
of property.
Location. *tc. _.
Box 223. Call office. . - - :
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.,
21 Stockton Bt.. near Market.
\u25a0 2d floor. -
Loan* made to salaried people without any
publicity or other inconvenience on their
notes. Loans on real estate in probate; life
insurance policies, estates,, second, mort-
gages, assignments of renta, etc.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people . without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge cf employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*, jewelry, at 1
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store
t>76 Market st. tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market Et. and 27 Third at. ' - \u25a0 •\u25a0 \u25a0
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security ; lo~ est
rates; no commission; confidential. 006-7
Donohoe bldg.. 8 Taylor st.. corner Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boar ding-houses, without
security *asy payments;' large business in 40
principal cities. TOI.MAX, 553 Parrott bldg.
A — Lowest rates on real estate. Ist or 2d mort-
gages, life insurance, or on any security, any
- amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bldg.. 809 Market, cor. 4th. twite 1. est. ISGB.
MONEY. MONEY MONEY.
Any proposition. 49 2d St.. Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage- Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
ALVA Co. (The) loans money to salaried people
without security; good terms and easy "pay-
ments: also en other security. 507 Flood bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; gold,
sliver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. .
SALARIED people without security; also on
furn.. estates in probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Empire. Loan & Invest. Co.. Cl 2 Parrott bldy.
ANY amount, real estate or other security;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. "26 Montgomery. r.._.
DON'T borrow money, on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg;
ALL loans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
mo: 6. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 638 Kearny/
McGARVIE & C 0. .720 Market St., loans money,
65 to 80 par cent of valuation of property.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes' without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609. Examiner . bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
A~NUMBER OF UPRIGHT BARGAIN?!
English upright, for practice, f 55. """"*
French upright, a little better, $tis.
Also a Chickering. Vcse. Sterling. Curtax.
Smith & Barnes, Mozart, Neuman, from $145.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
OUR large and Increasing renting business en-
ables us to rent the best pianos In the city fcr
$2 50 and $3 per month, some at $2; ' one
year's rental allowed if piano Is purchased.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes.
A NEW piano for rent at $.'" per mo.; others
at $_ and $2 50; one year's rent allowed if
purchased. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
SCO Hares st. . ' " :' ' ' , .
AN eleerant upright piano, good as new, will
be sold to-day at a sacrifice.. Call from S:3O
a. m. to 9 p. m.: 584 Valencia, st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
FINE upright piano; reasonable; must ceil.
Call bet. 11 a. m. and 3 p. m., 3777 23d st.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister St., manufacturer
Hornung Bros.' pianos; agt. Laffargue piano.
ELEGANT uprights, new. 2d-hand, $40-SSOO.
PIERCE* 8 Piano Factory, Market and 14th.
CHICKERING upright. $165. . 237 Geary st.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed storage- pl-
anos, furn. White head's storage, 1636 Mrkt.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian "piano
player. BYRON MAUZY.' 3OB-312 Post st.
NEW. upright pianos sold on $0 monthly pay-
ments. BCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Steinway up; Chtekerlng baby grand.
Shoninger little used. Keeffe's, # 255 O'Farrell.
. MATRIMOXIAL.
MIDDLE-AGED man living with his aged
mother wishes to make the acquaintance of
a poor servant girl: object matrimony. Ad-
dreag T. X.. 1416 Pacific st. *
MUSEUMS.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market St.. near Sixth.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MISSION. . 507, corner First— _ floors suitable
for light manufacture g; will arrange to suit
tenant. Apply BALOWIN ' & HOWELL. 23
; PCSt_«t. . - ' -.•\u25a0-\u25a0-\u25a0.•\u25a0-.\u25a0- -_ -•
FOR rent— Elegant office cults on first floor;
comer Montgomery and Butter sts.; 7 large
winflo— s. Apply room .6. 40 Montgomery st.
TO let — Bootblack stand. Apply ICO O'Farrell
street. -./\u25a0-\u25a0- _v :\u25a0:,.\u25a0. .. \u25a0\u25a0-;\u25a0-'. '-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"
LARGE store with big basement,' Clay, at.,
above Mantgomery. Q— ner. 63Q Clay, r. 1.
PERSONALS. " :
WILL the lady and gentleman who gave their
handkerchiefs : to th« . lady who ; was \u25a0 hurt In
'the Butter-st. " car la_t . Wednesday evening
about 10' o'clock kindly call at IBM Laguna:
gtreat. \u0084'- .*\u25a0'"*:\u25a0•.>• \u25a0\u25a0.'\u25a0"': r: .. .\u25a0.'\u25a0;.'\u25a0.\u25a0.•.•:\u25a0';\u25a0
TRIAL treatment free; charges reasonable; ner-
vous ft stomach troubles,' kidney and bladder
ailments. A' rheumatism cured by ; electricity;
lady patients only: hour* 10. a.m. t0. 3 p.m.
Mrs. Burtzer, 210 Powell, r. 22; take elevator.
MRS. ALICE SHAW : the world " renowned
\u25a0 whistler, will- be at Hotel Rex- for the follow-
ing week and will be pleased -to meet any of
her old pupils. •.' ~* \u25a0 v.'.' -:' '.' .: . '• .. ... : '. '-.', .'.-'\u25a0".'
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he will
challenge the :world : to produce Its equal;
shipped to all' parts of world. : 382 O'Farrell.
$1 and $2 50 size bottles; take no substitute. |
H. MIZUHARA/ Japanese artist. • has removed
his art repairing shop from 424 Powell st. to
504 Powell et.. near Sutter. „ .. :
AT less than coet; uncalled. for euits,' overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market- St.* . , '.; - V?J
STAR hafr remedy.^ tonic,- restore* color,; cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hair dress-
er.. •;• Star Remedy Co.;': S21 s Polk\Bt. . '
ANY en* knowing whereabouts of Joseph Eng-
land please notify his mother. 443: Eddy st.
OLD picture frames reflnlshod like new;. reason-"
able. V California Decorating: Co.'. ; 20C \u25a0 sth st.
SITIT.Sto order on InBtallment»'of $1 per w«ek.
; NEUHAUS & CO.. the tai10r, ; 729 Market st.
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O-'S" on<* treatment CURED
my i severe, chronic RHEUMATISM 78 days
ago. I WITNESSED his wonderfully suc-
cessful treatment (LAST week) : of GOITRE. 1
DUMBNESS, LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA; DEAF-
NESS, PARALYSIS. DEAF-MUTEISM, &c.
See extensive, notice in '\u25a0; last Wednesday's
"CALL; interview me: C. Engleke, 221
' Steiner" (for years Editor of Cal. . JOUR-
NAL). ' Rexradlo's office hours 2 ; to (5. &09
\u25a0\u25a0'Kearny. V -' "- - \'-.- : '".-." '; ' :\\' -
RAG carpets wove to order snd for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieis; dealer In
carpet 'twine in hank y or chain, -at lowest*
rates. *Geo. Matthews, ,709 Fifth st.. Oakland •
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle special-
ist, 814 Sutter st. Phone East 8646. * .
S BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25. for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr.; Calif orola Hotel:
$1 A- WEEK: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS,
1127 Market St., bet. Seventh' and' Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books,-, wigs;
\u25a0\u25a0.country- orders. GOLDSTEIN & C 0. ,"733 Mkt. -
A BRANCH office of The Call for" the recep-
tion' of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at ICOS Market St.." opposite
Fifth. _ Open until 11 p. m. .-, .
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED— "DR. WONG HIM. h«rb dootor,
treats all diseases of the human . body ; , for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.; now lo-
• cated at. 667 Geary st.,near Leaven— orth. '.~ '
WONG .WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dls-
. eases "cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PAINTING AXl> , PAPERHA\CIIVC.'
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; 75,000* rolls wallpa-
per, 5c up. Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third.
.~- (PATENTS. .'\u25a0 ' .
INVENTIONS patented; U. 8. and ' foreign;
. patent law. F. P. t MEDINA. C 32 Market gt.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
L ' . TO-DAT. • -
TO-DAY.
TO-DAY.
V \u25a0 AT AUCTION. ..
AT AUCTION. , . i
ENTIRE BLOCK
50 BEAUTIFUL
• "'" ' RESIDENCE
LOTS. •
1-5 CASH. BALANCE IN 1. 2. 3 & 4 YEARS.
THURSDAY. .
OCTOBER 19. 1905.
s AT 12 O'CLOCK,
AT 116 MONTGOMERY ST.
We. will positively tell at public auction as
above stated the entire block, containing 50
lots, fronting on
FIFTH AVENUE,
SIXTH AVENUE
I STREET.
J STREET.
Every lot on grade of street: street bitumln-
ixed. graded, sewered, gas and water piped,
stone walks, etc. ; . no further expense. i
\u25a0 Look at this property at once; beautiful
views; only one block from the world-famou3
Golden" Gate Park, and near all the princ'pal
attractions of the park; two Hnei of electric
cars; close to Affiliated Colleges and to thi
»ite recently purchased for th§ Poly tichnlf
High School upon which will shortly bi np.nt
$360,000. \u25a0\u25a0'.. \u25a0--\u25a0 .
No ; other resident section growing so fastt
23 new buildings in- a sKort radius and every
one of them of a superior character. - — ,
No land Is a safer Investment: in all clUes
proximity to the park calls fisr the best prices; |
this will be no exception. . j
The Western Addition is now built right up '
to this block; Its future is assured; se? it at
once and be on hand at th's great credit auc-
tion sale. Take Ellis-st. Park cars and Ocean
line cara direct to Sixth aye., or Halght St.,
and transfer at the park. " - .
LYON & HOAG.
116 Montzomery st.
ARE YOU LOOKING for AN INVESTMENT?
We have a business property paying over
6 .per cent.-ne t t, a,t a low rent; lot 50x137:0. \u25a0
brick;, buildlpgj in, -first-class condition; giod
'downtown location: $32,000.
$95OO__Fiibert-st. residence. Inside of Hyde,
near car line; 8 rooms and bath, with a coc-
tage ' on the -rear; substantial .building; lot
45x137:6; flne marine view and very* des'rable'
neighborhood. V ;\u25a0*.'. ~ ' ". .
$8750 — 3 -nice, large flats on" Vallejo st..
near Van Ness aye. -.lot 25x122:6. with 2 front-
ages; rear part ready to build;' rant $73; must
be sold this month; make an offer. \u25a0
$4250— Nice cottage on Clay at., j adjacent
to new Pi-eaidlo Terrace; neatly renovated In-
side: lot 25.30x128: shed on the rear; mortgage
of $2000 can remain; a bargain. ; -
$1250 — Corner lot 75x75, with -.amall h?us*,
on Bernal Heights: flne. ' healthy location foi
residence: little more money would buy tire-
other adjoining lots, making a very good
poultry-raieirig place.
Investleate at once. ' '
RIANDA Si CO., 627 Montgomery st.
MARINE VIEW. PARK LOTS.
$GOO each. Easy payments. No taxes. No
. . interest.
Adjacent, to Improvements Costing Millions.
Two Electric Roads Will Be Running Inside
of One Year. •
Asolutely Cheapest Unimproved Ixjts Offered
\u25a0 • In Golden Gate' Park District. - '
Lots Will Double in Value in a Few Months!
E. J. HOOPER, 26 Montgomery st.
SELLING ; . \u25a0 - ~~
- TO BEAT THE BAND. \u25a0
ONLY $125 A WEEK.
$275— Elegant . level building lots, close to
school; flne car service on Mission st. ; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
\u25a0 raise the baby where the ozone ts not polluted
with smoke and dust, - to cay «\u25a0 nothing of the
deadly microbe; no Interest and no taxes
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
• ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$400 — For finely located lots 3 blocks south
cf the park; j electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing in value with every stroke of the
clock;.- buy now; next , week may be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section; no taxes.
\u25a0\u25a0 , W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
26 Montgomery . Bt., room 8.
-: SMALL CITY BARGAIN.
HARRIET ST.. Near Sixth and Foteom.
RENTS . $660. ALL IN .FINE CONDITION.
OWNER ASKS $7000— MAKE OFFER.
With ' $4COO mortgage at 0 j per cent internet
\u25a0. • . - and taxes. .<,.•. -^
Will pay $420 net on- $3000 Invested.
BETTER THAN .BONDS INTEREST. Only
\u25a0with .
THE CORNER LOT CO., -
Crossley Building, San Francisco.
Oakland. '\u25a0 '; : ?,:,j y \u25a0'/:.-.':-'• - - - ' -V'-V'"'.
Berkeley. . \u25a0
BEAUTIFUL suburban homes In' the heart
NO MONEY REQUIRED TO BUILD
FELIX MARCUSE,
•- . Artistic ,Home . Builder,
Will build for owners of lots anywhere in
San . Francisco without deposit: money re-
payable In small installments. \u25a0 , ' '\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0-\u25a0
..Others need ; only f urnlsh ; 20 ' per cent of
tfctal cost of lot and house; balance payable
in small amounts.
' Plans and estimates. f urnished on~ applica-
tion. - FELIX MARCUSE, -
.-\u25a0'. .113 Montgomery: st. i : '
' of Ban Francisco -'on: the one .sunny street
; In the Western Addition, • JORDAN AVE-
NUE. SO feet wide, from California' st. to
Geary. St.; large lots; seven, feet guaranteed
' between allshouees: flrst-class two-stoi-y^ real-
dences;- lowest cash ... prices; --easy terms Hi
desired. --. SAN FRANCISCO -AND 'SUBUH-
" BAN HOME BUILDING SOCIETY. .70S
. Market st;L^-'":.- : .':.-:\u25a0' -V.,- —\u25a0\u25a0.-.-.-- .."K"
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY. \
Iretallment homes. '.713 Jas. Flood building)
• *We build onj, your ; proiKsrty, or buy- you -a
- lot;;you make'a small cash -payment, ; then
$8 : per month pay* I principal* and | Interest ; on
each ' $1000 -* of \u25a0 balance due, :-. makine y your
monthly in-stallments . less ,; than rent ; call or
,- send : for circular. %;.;;\u25a0:-.. '\u25a0-\u0084 . \u0084 \u25a0» ,- •
FOR. sale — Corner of; Chestnut and Dupont sts.-
' fltie .view; 30- room ' : house; : double, finish out-
i -side: Including furniture If d*»!r«d: fine store;
lot 47 j feet on' Chestnut and .72 feet ca.Du-
; pont; will ".be 6 sold at •- half ; cost. 1 Apply .to
the owner, at \u25a0, 293 ; Chestnut Ist.' ; ; ,- ;. \u25a0.'}s.\u25a0 *
NEW, i modem : 6- room •* houses; . every ' convenl-
-. enc«; 835-847. Castro st.;. cars pass door; easy
' terms. t« name \u25a0 as - rent. -JIOISE... owner,. 417 ;
\u25a0- Markets- ; \u25a0 '- '\u0084 . . ."' --'-..-.y.: \u25a0....\u25a0 -...\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u0084.:: ;;/.
SCOCO— rB ARG AIN : I resldrnc*,' 9 handsome ; rms.,
- bath : solidly built : j sun i every room ; \u25a0nr > Pan- \u25a0
hanaie ; " $2500 . cash \u25a0 needed.^ : P. Q.-; box ; 2206.';
TWO beautiful. homes,* 6 nnd 7, rooms and bath;-
Just complete d.' .•' 551-575 ,7th aye.,' Rich.: Dlst' ;
$6800— BARGAIN ; 3 flats ; ' Just completed. -, 140
. vTremont' ave.*;, near Frederick \u25a0 st. .\u25a0 - \u25a0 •,\u25a0-."
NICE house ; and 1 2 ; lots, i close -. to ' cars, on San
;.i Bruno iroad^37^Wh eat jut.;/ 'i.%^ "'_ \u25a0•JC»v;. ?^ 1 "-.; >\u0084;;
CHEAPEST arid best In ''America— The; Weekly
.\u25a0: Call **'\u2666>' i'ages,;. sent"-, to I any ':,. address ; In, the,
\u25a0 . Un! ; .'i.l "State* or Canada: one,; year: for': $!,'•
postage t>al(!. '." ' ' /" *.
j REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale, j
iAA A— "OUR PRICES I .', on ": ranches are lower
9|j than anywhere else because we do not add
huge on; to "the owner's price;
only handle places "we '."know": to be good:
% we ."never".' misrepresent a place; see us and
\u25a0 6ave 20 p<r cent: Santa Cruz County land a
specialty. BTIRR-PADDON. CO.. i4O Mont-
,; gomery st..- San Francisco, Cal. •
ALFALFA - Irrigated } lands, $25 per acre; $1
down,- $1 \u25a0 month; no ' Interest; - call or write
for pamphlets, INDEX LAND AND BOND
C 0.," 907. K0hl bid., cor. cal. and Monty »ts.
FOR eaje— Two choice lots in Point Richmond;
cheap. Box 4694, Call office.
A MONTHLY.' catalogue country land bargains
sent free. C.?M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market.
Poultry ranches. Write to J. .W.Horn Co.. Pet-
aluma. for free copy of Sonoma Co. bargains.
piedmont real estate.
~
a bargain for you!
One of, the most desirable residence lots In
the Alta Piedmont Tract will be sold at con-
siderably less than adjoining lots can bs bought
on account of owrw leaving the State; 50- foot
frontaee on Pala aye., 80-toot street In rear:
unbroken view of the bay; street work, sewers
and .sidewalk complete; apply at once. WM.
M. BUTTERS JR.. 468 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
i BUniJNGAME -REAL ESTATE.
GOING FAST.. .- .
GOING FAST.
Get In before the. best are gone; nothing to
compare with our lots In Burllngame; lots, 50
feet, $450 upward; macadam streets, sewer and
water.V \u25a0 \u25a0 .
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery Bt.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
THE fall is unquestionably the moet beautiful
time on the Pacific' Slope, and nowhere Is
this so true as In the Naples of America —
Sausallto. .For homes to rent, for lots for
gale see W. H. ATKINSON 1 , room 69, Chron-
; lcle : bldg., 9 to 11, a. m.: tel. Brown 217;
Sausallto, 2 to 5 p. m. ; tel. Main 411. Sun-
days at Sausallto. -^
ii- \u25a0 — \u25a0
BERKELEY ADVERT'S^NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A,GNAP. . ,*\u25a0 \u25a0 ,-> ~ " " "^*
51750 — Six large rooms and bath; large base-
ment, all cemented; corner at 50x100; 1
block east of Telegraph aye.
$2500^ — Seven large rooms, bath, basement; all
modern; large barn; chicken houses, wind-
mill and tank; lot 50x135; street work all
done; only 3 blocks to both trains.
W. C. MORAN & CO.. South Berkeley.
FOR, sale or exchange — Nearly an acre of
ground. 11-room house, 2-story barn; near
the hills: worth $12,000; will sell on easy
terms, $1000 cash; will exchange for small
property in Berkeley or San Francisco; will
take nicely located mountain ranch In trade.
H. V. J. SWAIN, attornsy, 463-464 Parrott
building,' San Francisco.
A BARGAIN IN BERKELEY.
One' block from Dwlght way station: on
Parker St.. between Shattuck aye. and Grove
st.; new and. beautifully finished; 6 rooms and
bath; small cash payment, balance in Install-
ments, -i SAN, FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY, 7CB Market st.
FRUITVALE ADFT ? SMNTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. '
51C0 CASH and balance to suit will buy flne
lot 60x170, In bearing fruit trees, in choice
part of Fruitvale,' Just off , Fruitvale aye.
and surrounded by elegant "ponies; owner
sick and must surrender nis contract; price
$750; grcb it quick., BELDEN, 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland.
OAKLAXD ADVERT ? S r M ? TS»
OFFICE. IOIS BROADWAY. .
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CHEAP LOTS.
$75 upward: $5 cash, $5 monthly;
• ** *-» ' TV. '
§' • \u25a0 ,: £ - - ..-
S\u25a0 - \u25a0 p . . • . \u25a0 \u25a0
-< / \\
':'" 111 1 i» I Vi i-J !J _J
; >viy ' BouteTard U Mites lx>pg
ill ill! III!
:• C °_2__ B If s 3 g
Imfmii sl|| ill I
«; .... ..San Leandro. ltoad -V_
how" to make big money with a
LITTLE.
$o0 -lots, $5 cash, Jps monthly. Are they
cheap? .; CCir.e and 't-ee them. Are they. level?
Yes. Is the soli sandy loam? Yea. Are they
covered with fruit trees? Yes. Can I buy
more than one' lot? You can. 200 lots. They
are near cars, school, boulevard and _djoln-
lng East Oakland, ..where fogs and cold winds
seldom come. , We have bought 11 tract 3 and
located ."000 families in homes In East Oak-
land and Fruitvale in 10 years— Gallndo tract
Weatall tract. Forest Park tract. Laurel Grove
park, Peralta-ave. tract. Bona terrace, Rosa
Lee, Rosa Lee Nos. 1. 2 and 8. and Susie Lee
tract. We are now selling our S3-acre Fruit-
vale boulevard tract; lots $75 upward; $5 down.
$5 monthly: an -Ideal spot. Call or send for
circular. CHAS. F. LEE, 1222 Fruitvale aye..
•Fruitvale near Btatlon S. P.; 20-minute ser-
vice to S. F.. or 455 7th st..- opp. Broadway
station/ Oakland: carriage free. GEO. H.
LEE, owner. * \u25a0 '
$4000— $100 CASH, $50 PER MONTH.
A new well-built and tasty home .of. 8
rcoms and bath on corner lot and facing East
\u25a0Twelfth Rt. boulevard, which : ha3 recently been
completed and' accepted by the city. The Bec-
tlon Is one of- the best In Oakland and ver>
convenient to . schools. -' cars to Oakland and
but two blocks to local trains to San Fran-
cisco" The house consists of living-room, pan
eled dining-room, both Of which have coved
-ceilings, kitchen, pantry with • all - ; necessary
shelving, servant's room and back porch on
first floor and four bedrooms, bath. -large linen
closet on the second; the walls, are of rough
Band finish and tinted In delicate colors, while
the woodwork is the natural wood, waxed and
varnished: the style Is colonial, with large
solid front door and leaded windows. It Is a
good, new, Bubstantial home and Is one of the
best buys in Oakland to-day. " Photo with full
description will be. mailed upon application oi
further particulars may be had at the office of
- GEORGE IC FISH. ' '
1000 Broadway.* Oakland. -
' Formerly with Shalnwa'.d, Buckbee & Co.
of S. F. Residence : properties a specialty.
> :' -•-. \u25a0;•\u25a0..'•'•\u25a0 BELDEN'S : BARGAINS.
Mr O. B. Casey of Sacramento was the lucky
man securing the Jonea-st. cottage bargain
last week'' but here's other chances for you. .*
\u25a0-THIS' WEEK'S-, SPECIALS.
$f 'soo— Elegant, modern, 6 and 7 room flats,
solendldly located on lot 35x125; cost over $6000
to build • - rents $720 per "annum, yi« Id tng hand-
some net income; reducert trom $7250 and ap-
praised by bank at $7000; a gilt edge lnvest-
si:«so— Comfortable 5-room cottage on 40-
foot lot. with stable; on Brush st., near ' Third;
will rent for $15; water front" developments are
coming of ;. Western Pacinc Kailroad ' on Third
st - maklni? this \u25a0 a splendid | investment; as It
wiilsoon become a goo.5 1 business property.
' BELDEN,^ REAL ESTATE,:
= 1112 Broadway; : Oakland. .
$200 CASH, $10 monthly; 'neat ..cottage of 4
j rooms and basement, large pantry, lobby, baclt
and front porches. : concrete foundation ; new.
• brick well, or city. water if desired, with extra
large»lot.-U acre, all fenced. and: level, land;
no expense for .street work;- 12 new houses
building on. this tract no-; good location and
" convenient sto - both -\u25a0 electric \u25a0 cars - and steam
-\u25a0-'local' train* for S. F.; puDllc andhigh schools
• near" price in all $1150; adjoining East Oak-
land.'" See ; HENRYS z. JONES. -, owner, - re-
moved • to = 458 ; Ninth \u25a0 street," between ; Broad-
•way. and .Wa-ihlngton -t.. {.Oakland.
FOR sale at "a" b'argain-7-One ' of the ' choicest
• building -lots: in' Alta Piedmont:'- all street
work." sidewalks, v sewers, : ;: water .\u25a0? and ' gas
'-'\u25a0\u25a0 malns''co-pplete;.;magniacent view; faces two
Abroad avenues ;, restricted building: values In-.
: . . - ; cures . elegant i: home * surroundings; ; owner .go-,
ing away: must sell "at once; at: considerably
•'less than adiacent lots'- can: be \u25a0 bought ' for,
'J Apply •tokW* '. J.'f .WHITE i CO.. 28 Mont-*
\u25a0\u25a0; rrmerr . yt,. room;S.*; "\u25a0:. " \u25a0 ' : . . .
INVESTMENT— Fine.-, 2-story* "brick -"business
~.v corner." 40x100." In i the , heart of Oakland. $36. .*\u25a0
1 000; will ' Increase ; rapidly. ?, Address F. v F.
C, BACON. -206, Bacon, building.- -:
OAKLAND •\u25a0; FURNITURE . FOR v SALE.'
TOMORROW the day: for bargains in furniture. 1
• H. '• Schellhaas 1 1 th : st.. c cor. store." Oakland.
! QAKJiAXI) ADVERT ? S!M/TS
t OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
FURNISHED flat of 4, rooms and bath for
housekeeping. 683 Twenty-fourth st.
San Francisco Advert's'ents
rooms ,f6r housekeeping.
ALTON Houae, 204 McAllister— 3 fine furnished
housekee ping* rooms, facing Hyde st.
ELEVENTH. 10<5— Sunny, nicely, furnished
room: gas, range; water: bath; $10.-
GEARY. 1058 — Four rooms newly furnished;
first floor; $20: three rooms $13.
HAIGHT. 322 — Two large, sunny, newly fur-
nished front rooms; bath; housekeeping: $20.
HAVES, 970 — Sunny furnished rooms: also
housekeeping room; private family.
HOWARD. 522^ — One suite h©uB*ke<i-ping rooms;
also, single. - - '
HOWARD. 2066 A. n»ar Sixteenth — Two or three
rooms, -furnished complete;' gas range, bath.
phone.
LARKIN. 817%— Sunny corn-er room; gas
stove: rent reasonable.
LARKIN. 1517— Three completely furnished
rooms for -housekeeping; all conveniences.
LARKIN, 1026 — Housekeeping suite of 3 room's
and bath, completely furnished; adults; $40.
MARKET. 1153 — Suite of rooms for housekeep-
lng; rent $15; also single" room. $5.. '.
MARKET, 2093 — Two large, sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping:
phone, bath. : ':; ' •
MCALLISTER, 483, cor. Van Ness aye. — 2
nicely furnished, sunny housekeeping rooms:
$14; single rcora, $t>.
MISSION. 823 — Front housekeeping suite; also
other rooma.
MISSION. 1220— Furnished and unfurnlsh*!
rooms for housekeeping.
MISSION, 2W7 — 3 room's and kitchen, fur-
'nlshed. and single rooms, also en suite.
OAK,- 117. or 14 Page — Complete for house-
keeplng; ?5 to $12; hot bath: laundry: adults.
OAK. 152Ja— Large room furnished complets
for housekeeping; bath. . -» . "
OCTAVIA. 1403— Sunny housekeeping suites;
rent reasonable. -
O'FARRELL. 813— Nice sunny, rooms, ea
. suite or single; reasonable.
POLK, 601— Furnished room for 2 gentlemen
and 1 large houskeeplng room. »
SIXTEENTH, 3425 A. near Chureli — 2 or 3
sunny, nicely furnished, connecting rooms
for housekeeping; phone, gas and bath; cars
.pass within 3 doors of the house: reasonable;
no children. \u25a0 .
SIXTEENTH. 2036, corner Capp — Two sunny
connecting housekeeping rooms; ga_, bath:
$12 50. -
STEINER. 2204 — Several flne, sunny rooms
complete for light housekeeping .in private
family; adults only.
SUTTER IGI6-r2 large sunny front rooms,
complete hskpg.. $22 50; 2 sunny rooms. $18.
TAYLOR, 911— Sunny furnished room: gas
range, $7; unfurnished rooms, bath; $20.
TURK. 149 — Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single rooms.
WALLER. 71 — Newly fur. suite rooms. In new
house; flne view; $14. _ Phone Page 7931.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
RANDALL APARTMENTS—
120 Pierce. St.. near Halght.
4 large sunny unfurnished roomts. all light
and each apartment complete in itself; large
closets and plenty of shelving: stone under
entire building, making it free from any
dampness; must be seen to be appreciated:
Just about finished: - open daily; rent very
reasonable; permanent tenants wanted. -Ap-
ply on premises or R. McELROY. agent.
Phelan bid*. Tel. Main 5570.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell st.. near Van Ness and
Market — New. handsome, fireproof structure:
mod. improvements: apts. 3-rm.. bath special
inducements for next UO days: tel. South 1071.
NEW four-story corner apartment-house; sunny
ride; completed November 1. All suites have
-modern kitchene, electric lights, etc. Apply
244 Ninth st.; building opposite.
ALTA Apartments, opp. Alta Plaza — Furnished
or unfurnished 2 rooms and separate I bath.
Clay st.. bet. .Pierce and Scott.
GRAND view— California and Lyon: 4 rooms;
completely "furnished: modern apartments:
reasonable.
A — KENILWORTH. cor. Bush, Powell; 3-room
\u25a0 sunny aparts. : single rooms; modern: reas.
A— YON NYDAQK. 873 Post— 4 rooms; private
baths; furnished, unfurnished; salt baths.
ROS3WELL Apartments. 1360 Pine, near Hyde
< — 2, _ and 4 rooms, with bath: steam heat.
MAYBELI__, .202 Grove, cor. Van Ness— Van
ness. 3-rm. suite: Grove. 3-rm. suite; reas.
THE Avalon. 670 Bush_ st. — 3- and 4 room
apartments with bath; rum. or unfurnished.
THE Frederick, 901 Stanyan — 1 to 5 rooms.
overlooking GoMen Gate Park: tel. Page 61 6 ft.
ROOMS TO LET— -Fyrn. and I'nfnrn.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN.
Corner Ellis and Leavenworth sts. ' :
Most modern and centrally located European
plan hotel in San Francisco; artistically fur-
bished: single rooms and suites, with or with-
out baths; running hot water and call bells In
all rooms; 2 large reception parlors; . rates
-from 50c to $3 per day; $3 to $20 per week.
TOURIST ACCOMMODATIONS.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
. light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT .-"The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms 25c to 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
51 50. t0 $10, week; Bouse open all night.
ASHBURY, 440. near Golden Gate Park — Nice
sunny rooms, furnished or unfurnished; sin—
gls or en suite; bath; private family.
BELMOND House,, over Owl drugstore; 2 en-
trances. 1128 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights, running . water In every room; 200
rooms: 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $4 week.
BURTON Hotel. 1126 Howard st. — 100 rooms:
'new house;. modern: $1 25 to $3 per week. -
CALIFORNIA. 3085—2 flne furnished . front
room j. complete for light housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA, 2304, near Webster— Sunny front
• room; 2: single beds; running water; $V 2.
, CASTRO, 630 — Elegantly furnished room* .to
let at reasonable rates. \u25a0 .
EDDY. 808 — Large sunny front rooms: elegant-
; ly. furnished:' private; . running water; use
*' piano; gentlemen. .
EDDY. 905— Modern corner flat; • newly fur-
nished rooms: slnsrle or en suite. \u25a0 '
ELLIS. 323— Nice single rooms. $2 50 week up;
fine furnished suits with baths; very reason-
able. •\u25a0\u25a0-:-\u25a0..:\u25a0\u25a0 ,- .- '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.'\u25a0 -,\.., •- ' . -
FOURTH, 271 — ICO rooms; all slaes and prices;
new.- modern; hot and cold water.
GALT HOUSE, .12C6 Market st.— C_oic# rooms
. by- day, .week or month; central location.
GEARY, 473— Beautifully furnished suite?, pri-
vate baths. $30: new house; single. $S. ".
GOLDEN GATE', aye., 1014 — Large, front dou-
ble parlor; all modern conveniences. ,v
GRAND Pacific Hotel, 1014 Kearny st. — New
house; all modern conveniences; rooms by day
35c up: by week $2 up; open all nlzht.
GRAND SOUTHERN. IC€9 Mission. - cor. Sev-
enth— loo rooms;, 50c night. $2.t0 $7 week.
GUERRERO,-. 932^ bet. . 215t and 22d — I rooms
furnished' or unfurnished.
HARRISON. 2511-- Furnished front room; bay
window. . \u25a0
HAVES, 267 — Sunny rooms ' with use of piano
and bath ; will allow : housekeeping privilege.
if desired. ; :
HOTEL Hamilton, and cafe, 125 Ellla bet.
- Powell and ' Mason ets.'.'S. F. — Rooms $1 . to
$3. per day:- steam heat and telephone in
each room:}-; ' -...;• '--:'; i- '• Tz - \u25a0'". \u25a0\u25a0*':".'
HOWARD, 715— Rooms. 25c. to $1 per: day;
\u25a0 $l-60 to $3 per week: reading-room; etc.
HYDE, 810.'. bet. Sutter and Bush— Large fur-
nished room; rent $10.
JERSEY, *' 341. between \u25a0' Twenty- fourth and
Twenty-fifth. ' -. near * Castro— 2 front - rooms -to
. - let. - furnished . or unfurnished.
LEAVENWORTH. ' 1235-^-3 -'-'"or.'. 4 furnished
-.- rooms: sun all day; every .convenience.
LEXINGTON,^ 135— Nice furnished rooms;
\u25a0 pleasant " neighborhood :.' rates : reasonable.
MARKET, . 25C68,? ntar 6th— Unfurnished
\u25a0 room In ~ a private ' family: gas. bath: rea-
sonable. ::'•"\u25a0:\u25a0 i '\u0084 - ?-' - % .
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 120 .Third «. — 100
single, and- family j rooms;'. 35c 'to $1 50. per
.'day; $2 to $S week;. the only.. new, and modern
/ (hotel i and .In . San -.Francisco
that; has office on . ground ' floor: hot and cold
; watery electric' lights.^ call \u25a0 bells,' steam ; heat
\u25a0'"'. In every, rptitn. and gl yes * free batha and ele-
vator day and ni__-t t_ lv -___v
[ ROOMS TO . LET— Furn. and Unfar-u
MINNA, 7*5 — Large sunny double and slnic!^
furnished rooms: suitable for ladles or gents, 'j
MONTGOMERY. 718— Furnished rooms to l»t.
OCTAVIA, «29 — Bay-window front . room. fur-.,-.
nlfhed; suitable fcr one or two: In German,'.
private family: gas and running , water.
PINE. 783 — Fine furnished front sunny room*; . \u25a0
running water: bath; centrally located; de-
sirable; rr.nvenlant. ~-» -:
POWELU 1220. cor. Pacific— Nlc sunny front
furnished room to let: day, -week, month.
; RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 TblnS st.. near How.,
ard-r New house with modern convenlenc»«;
rooms en *ult« and ulrstl?; rates by day 33« l"
up: by week. $2 up: baths f—« to guents.
TAYLOR. 613^ — X^wly fur. rooms; het and coM \u25a0
; water; ?l<> mo.; elegant __ftf»; baths fre«.
ITO rent two rooms furnished; $12. Call MR3.
. BOTCE. 996 Howard st. _-<
FACRAMENTO. 1^42-3 ninny cor. rooms; als» .
• hous^keepins rooms: running water. •
SAN CARIES av<-.. 359— Furnished room; Udy
rr»ferr«"l.
SANCHEZ. 2"5. corn»r Ma rk-t— Newly fur-
nished -front parlor'and bedroom; suit »bl« tor
TURK. 204 — Nicely furnish"-"! sunny front
rooms; rent r»asptiaH».
UNITED STATE 3. 123 Eddy, near Market— lP» '\u25a0
rooms. 3Tc tosl night. $1 75 to $«.we«*k; el-c "
trie lights mo g<«s>, runnlns wat»r In i»v«-rjr^
room: »l*rator. read.-rootn : fre^ feu«. bagfa*'. •
WOLF House. H.vwani «nd Sixth— No b»tt«r
transient hou.«» In rtty; rat»s reasonable; lo-
_cation ccntrsl^ Geo. H. yon der Meh'len. pmp.
WI NCHESTER Hot^4T~3d~st.T" nrT"M_rk- 1—
Most convenient and respwtable: 700 room!'.
35c to $150 n!-htly. $2 to $S we-k; elevator:
eltc lights; readlcg-room; trtg bm. baggag*.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan _* Chnrch «ts
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b<»»_
opened at 100S Market st.. opposite Fifth
Open until 11 p. in.
BOARD.
HOTEL MARLBOROUGH. 404 Eddy. Tw^Just
opened; rooms, modern, up to dat». light, sun-
ny, airy: hair mattresses: free baths; every-
thing elegant, fresh, clean: table unexcelled.
Rates: Rooms for 2 with board. $50 month
and upward ; single rocms with board. $30;
everything homelike: parlor and piano, tor
guests: location In the heart of city. 404
Eddy »t-. 404. • . .r . '
CALIFORNIA. So7— Exceptionally good tabl#.
free billiard-room, handsome and sightly
rooms; board and room for 2. $45 up; s«n?li,
$22 50 up; suites. $55 op: s«e for yaxxratlt.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1031— Sunny fur. rooms.
bath, good board. $20-$23: two. $38 month.
FULTON. 13S4 — Sunny rooms and board In
private family: flne location.
JOHNSTON. THE. 6C5 O'Farrell— Sunny (tult«-«
and single rma.; excellent board; r»ferenc«Sw :
LEAVENWORTH. 1329— Nicely fum. rooms.
with board: good location: excellent table. - \u25a0
VALENCIA, 93R— Furnished rooms. with
water, grate, closets, etc.; table board.
VAN- NESS aye.. 809— Nicely turn, rooms, with \u25a0-
board; home cooking; rates reasonable.- *
ROOMS WASTED.
BY lady and daughter. 2 or 3 nnfurn. roomsla
rafined family. P. J. M.. 1071 Treat aye.
SPECIAL NOTICES?" ~"~
NOTICE i.i hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake at., San Franciacov
has received th<*- following orphan and half-
orphan girls, from July 1 to October 1. 18G5:
Beulah Drew Vance. 5 years; Agnes E. Sul-
livan. 11 years; Rose May Gulon. 5 years;
Candace M. Wilson. 11 years; Julia C. Cook.
6 years; Violet Murch. 10 years; Maud
Murch. 9 years; Gertrude Lucas, 11 years;
Margaret Crotty. 8 years. - '.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnitur*.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72.V
731 Howard at., nr.' Third; phone Grant Ml.
UNION Square Transfer and Storag* Co., MH
Van Ness aye. Phone £ast 418. Storage,
moving, packing: cut rates on freight. .
CONKLIN'S storage; furniture and merchan-
dise. Golden Gate and Larkin: phene, East 126.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storajre and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillmore: tel. West 823.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main is 40. Shipping at cut rates.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice: The Techau Tavern Co. —
j A dividend. No. 31, $1 p«r share on tssuo-
capltal stock, has been declared, payable Oc-
tober 19. 1003. HARRY COHN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of U. S. Surveyor General, San Fran-
cisco, California. September 27. 19uS. — No-
tic* is> hereby given that seai«_ proposals
will be received at this office up to and In-
cluding October ".U>. l'ji>."». tor ruunsng, meas-
uring and marking, according to taw . and
Instructions, the following described resur-
veys. to wit: 13 miles, of 3rd Standard Una
South- of San Bernardino Base line. '\u25a0• miles
of 4th Standard line South. 12$ miles town-
ship linen, being part of boundaries of tpa.
13 S.. R». 11, 12. and IS E.. tpa. 14 S.. Hs.
11. 1-. and IM K-. tps. 15 S.. Irs. 11. 12. and
16 E-ii arul tps. ltt S.. Rs. 11. 12, and IS K.
all oi San Bernardino Meridian. 1517 miles
of section lines, being the subdtvi-lon. of
the following townships: T. 13 3.. R3. 11.
12. 13. 14. 15, and ltf E-. T. 14 S., Rs. 11. 13.
13. 14. 13. and IS E.. T. IS S.. Rs. 11. 13,
13. 14. 15. and 16 E.. T. 16 S.. Rs. 11. 12. It.
14. 15. and 16 E.. and T. 17 S.. Ra. 1. and
Its E., S. B. M., together with the suj-Yeybi«
out, by metes and bounds, of 'ooua-fl da
claims of settlers in above- townships, occu-
pied before July 1. Ilhj2. amounting to IUIZ
r.'ile?. including connections. The fore._*oiutf
will be divided into different contract-.', each
involving a liability not exceeding $tSsi)o'for .
one deputy and $11.0O> for a firm o." depu-
ties. Bids must b« at stated prices per mi!-,
for. each and all of the above classes of sur-
vey, and, no- bid will be considered where tn-
prlces exceed $20 per . mile for subdivision
and connecting lines, and boundaries of pri-
vate claims. $23 fcr townshi;- and rant*
lines and *-.". for base, standard, meander
and meridian lines, and $13. $11, and $7 fc?
the same classes of lines (tnterme-iiato
rates). Rates of mileage In excess of the
minimum. $». $7, and $3. for survey of d»-
, scrib<-_ lines, will only be allowed under
statutory stipulations. > as to class anil char-
acter of lar.i'.-i. All bids must be submitted
' in duplicate, and in writing., sealed ami
marked "Fropoyal to execute Government
Surveys described In Notice No. 65." Prop©»
sals may l>? left at this office In person, or
inclosed in an envelope and forwarded by
mall. Bids for the resurveys herein described
will be opened i,n October 30, KH)S. and no--
tiie forwarded to the successful bidder with-
in 6«J days thereafter, accompanied by ton-
tract providing fcr said resurveys,' and bond,
which must be properly executed and re-
turned > to ; this office Immediately. . Only
competent, reliable, and; responsible survey-
ors .will be employed, who must execute
their survey* In person, and will be required
to sive bond In double the amount of tN;
- liability of ,' contract. In ' each instance. .It
trill be requlr?- that the resurveys herein
described be con-pletod and returns made to
this office on or before June 30, 1306. Sur-
veyors- may submit bids for all or part of
these • resurveys. • but this office will limit
each deputy to such an amount of work a»
can b« properly •' completed' within the tinio
specified. The . right l» reserved by thli
office to reject - any. and all bid?, ami no
contracts will be binding on th* part of tbe
United Statts. nntil arnrrnvd by thf forrc-
mlssloner of the General Land Office. .W.S. ,
GRAHAM. U. ,S.-. Surveyor Gcn*r!»l for Cill-
f ("*n'*. . 1
PROPOSALS for purc'ia^e -ji ci-iutr!* nr\i -«j. Xl.
supplies. — Depot Quartermaster's \u25a0 Offl<~.
North American building. Philadelphia. • Oc-
tober 9." 1905. — Sealed 'proposals. In trlpll-.'
cate. subject to conditions stated In circular
to bidders, copies of which can -* bad upon
application to this office, will be- recelvrt
here until 11 o'clock a. m.. Wednesday. N<>- '
vembcr 8, > 1905.' • for . tJ»e purchase of .127 lots .
of Condemned Clothing. Equipage and Ma-
terials.. Bian-s for proposals and full Infor-
mation will be -"furnished upon application.
Envelopes s containing proposals! to be. In-"
dorsed "Proposals for Purchase of Con-
demned Supplies, to be opened :f oven-ber •«.
1005." and addressed to LT. COL.;J. W.
.POPE. Deputy Q.M. General. U. S. Army.
Depot Quartermaster. . . .--.. .
PROPOSALS FOR PUBLIC BUILDING.— O:-
flca of the Chief . "Qua rtermajter. . Saa Frar.-
cisco* CaL Sept. 21, 1905. — Sealed propoaals.
In triplicate, subject. to- the usual condition*.'.
will be received at this 4(ftce until !1 o'c:>.^
a., m. Pacific Time. October 2t. lifcUV ntvt
then- opened \u25a0In th« pres?uoe of b-'ddirj/ Uts
the reconstruction of fewer onfall at >'ort
Mlley. - Cal Information furr.f-»bed oc ar- "
plication to thia offlw ». \u25a0 The United Ptat»* -
reserves the "right to accept or reject any \u25a0«?\u25a0
all bids or any part thereof. Envelopes cod
talnlng proposals should be Indorsed: "Pro-
posals for- S«wer Outfall at Fort.Mlley,'
CaL". and addressed to Cflcnel -WM. S. >
\u25a0 PATTEN Assistant Quart'rrnst^r General.
Continued \u25a0 oil .' Pag* ' It.
1314
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use: bet
is cheapest: secor.d-hand all makes at any
price; ell kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, IC2I Markrt ft., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $:;. $5. $S: slightly
us<h3. $10. $15. 520. You know where dolls
swing in the window. 1051 Market et.
TVPKWHITEKS I.SD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptional!? good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
.smith Premier. *£."•; other typewriters at
•iitl.or and low>.r price*: rentals. $2 50. The
Tv pc writer Exchange. 530 California «t.
CAUDS AXD I.VVITATIOJfS.
Engraved wedding invitations, visiting & busl-
n««e cards, crept.?, etc: high-class work; mod-
erate rates. J. H. Duncan. 120 Kenny, re. 1-2.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Th»- following mairiage licenses were fssued
yesterday by tne County Clerk:
David Rees. 04, 37.17 A Sacramento Btrett. and
Margaret SkivimUon, ilJo Treat avenue.
Archie 1-. Searoy, ~, tan Joso, and Hannah
H. Adaais. U4. -1* Harriet t-treet.
Henry Wiun", •"->. ls.etun, and Anna J.
Buelo. I*o, Vernon, Wip.
Samuel IS. Fn>«ier. :tj. .Salt Lake City, and
Martha J. Graves. H<, Santa Clara.
Nathan Levy. :Jj. Chicago, and Harriet Pop-
kiewicz, 18. Chicago.
Jam..-s Myers:. Gtldley. and Ruby L. Me-
I>onala, is. 5U2 fcte;ner ttroet.
L*on H. Hacenloelier. 2». 7«2 Eddy street.
and Mabel C. Crosby. 23. Dcs Moines. la.
Glovanino Oiari. -'7. 1413 Dupont street, and
Aaeunta Finxi. 20. 1413 Duoont street.
Hi£*hi Okuno. 23. Oakland, and Hani
Ishikawa, 10, 1241 liLSh street.
Giacoruo Bignotti, 26. 212 Broadway.* and
Agcwtir.a Fo'ntar.a. IS. 1720 Stockton street.
Hanc W. Wcbbe. ~2. :!012 Clay street, and
Rosit I'foiffer. 27, J5222 Jackson street.
Carlo Sinior.ini, 2.5, U<M Kearny street, and
Fanny Alleer.ni. 23, 2000 Marcn street.
WlJ'.iam J. Smith. 2S. WS4 Howard street,
and Cora Uehaumc. 24. »33 4 Howard street.
Kurt A. Heyman, 25. 6&i OFarrell street.
and Ethel I. Cox, -21, lh Mars street.
Thomas i. Sham. 37. Mill Valley, and Ger-
trude i'ergusan,' 85 Cumberland street.
Jchn K. Wolfe. S5. La ton. and Virginia W.
Hoflinghoff, 25. 218 North avenue.
Herman R. Kl»>nck. 21. oU (."allforn'.a street,
and Kathrj'n A. Sullivan. IS, 430 Clementina.
Harry G. Richard. 21. 344! i Twentieth Etreet,
and Jessie M. Parks, 18, 1043 Franklin street.
Ferdinand Nadal. 50, IH2 Market etreei,
em! J. seihine Savy. 3S. IM2 Market street.
Prt*r <\ Bllck. 21, 21*01 Twenty-third street,
and Mary K. FoUy. I*. 10M» Uryant street.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, ir.arriece and dtath notices *ent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the I'Ublication offices and be
indorsed with the narr.e and residence of per-
oong authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to tne announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of change.
BORN.
COHEN— In this city. October 12. IPOS. to the
the wife of A. H. Cohen, a son.
WILLEY— In this city, October 16. 1905, to the
wife tf Frank D. Willey, «. son.
MARRIED.
BELL— ASTOKG— In this city. October 14,
19C5. by the li^v. O. Greensberg. Edward V.
Hell and Peullnc N. Astorg.
JEFFERV— DE WITT— In .Stockton, Cal.,
Ootobt-r 17. 19CT», by the Rev. John Stephens,
Benjamin Jeffery and Saida K. de Witt, both
cf fsn Francisco.
JORGENSEN— BLADT— In this city. Septem-
ber IJU. 1905, by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
Johannes H. Jor^ensen to Helene C. Bladt.
PHILLIPS— JOSEPH— In this city. October
14, VM&. by the Rev. O. Groens-berg, Harry
Phil!!;* and May C. Joseph.
DIED.
Anderson. Elizabeth, •*.>> ilartinez, Gregorlo, 46
Beard, Cynthia S.. Oti McCann, Thoe. H., oO
Davieo Myrtle T., 40 McCarthy. J. J.. 8 mos
Doran, Francs J.. 1 McKeown. James. 48
Dutra. Manuel, 35 Moise. Amasa, 75
Felling. Edward, 22 Murphy, Joseph J., 23
Gailagh.T. Fred. K..3S Musser, John E.
Gte. c-j)t. F.. 74 Pleasants. Wm. E.. 38
Godfrey (infant). Rohrs, Ueonre H., 55
Hanley, Ann, 7S Milverberg, Simon, 72
Hedrick. 'Lyman, C 3 Thureton. Steiner, 41
Hughee, John V. \\ h:te. W. W.. 75
Huie, Mrs. Sarah E. Whitman. Emma, 49
Jackson, Sarah A. Yankovich, Antone, 39
Lehn, Gecrge, 47
ANDERSON— In thi» city. October 16. 1905.
Elizabeth Anderson, beloved wife of Axel
Andfiscn. and mother of Eddie and Emma
Anderson and ilrs. J. Lucey. a native of
Sweden, aged 4b years 1 month and 5 days.
C^Triends and acquaintances are reffpecl-
•u.iy Invited to attend the funeral to-day
i Thursday), October 13, at 1 o'clock, from
her late residence, 1011 Harrison street. In-
terment C;.prtss Lewn Cemetery.
BEARD— In Oakland. October 17. 1905.
Cynthia £.. btloved wife of the late Dr. J.
M. Heard, and mother of lula May and
Edith California Beard, a native of Indiana,
.„-;-•: M years 10 months and 25 days.
CyKrit-nas and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to aUeud the funeral Thursday,
October 1». at 2 o'clock d. m., from Grace
M. K. Church, Twenty-first street, between
Mission and Car>:<. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2 :30 p. m.
DAVIKS— In Alameda. October 17. 1905. Mrs.
Myrt:e. Toll Daviee, beloved fitter of Mrs.
Agnts- Brown of San Francieco, a native of
California, aged 40 years.
DOKAX-In this city. October 18, 1905.
Francis J-. beloved son of Charles E. and
Mary J. Doran, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 4 months.
CJ^The luneral wil! take place to-morrow.
(Friday), at 1<) o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of the j-.arents, 4»J3 Bryant etreet. In-
terment private.
DUTRA— In this city, October 16, 1905, Man-
uel Dutra, beloved brother of Mrs. M. D.
Perry. Mre. Maggie Gomez and Mrs. Clara
Grace, a native of Portugal, aged 35 years.
A member of Oakland Aerie of Eagles No.
7; Oakland Grove No. 24, V. A. O. D-, and
Bald Ea«rle Tribe No. 76. I. O. R. M.
CUT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thurtday), at 9:30 a m., from his late
residence. 1137 San Pablo avenue. Oakland,
ther.ce to St. Francis de Sales Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of fcl» soul, commenc-
ing ct 10 a. m. Interment St. Mary* Cem-
«tery.
FEILING— In this city. October 18. 1905,
Edward J., beloved son of Louis and Johanna
Ftiling, and dearly beloved brother of Louie,
Frank, Arthur, William and Lester Felling,
Mrs. <*. Bergen, Mr*. It. C. Schrader and
Mr*. H. Peters, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years 8 months and 3 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), October 2U, at 1 o'clock p. m.,
from tie new funeral chapel of Theodor
Dierks, 432 Golden Gate 'avenue, between
].fcik.n &nd Po!k streets. Cremation Odd
Fellows" Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this? city, October 17. 1905.
Frederick X.. beloved son of Mrs. and the
late James L. Gallagher, and brcther of
Walter, Thomas J., Robert X.. James L.,
Roy. John F. and Cora Gallagher and the
late Jennie S. Gallagher, a native of Call-
lornia. aged 3S years.
Zy lnterment private.
GEE— Suddenly, In this city. October 16. 1905.
Captain Ferdinand Gee, beloved husband of
Kate Gee, and father cf Mr*. Annie Rogers,
a native cf Prussia, aced 74 year* and 7
months. A member of Master Mariners"
Benevolent Association.
lT7"Frlend!- and re!ati\ - es are respectfully
. invited to attend the funeral to-day. Octo-
ber 19, at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late resi-
dence. 1C69 Center street. West Oakland.
Interment at Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
GODFREY— In this city, October 18. 1905.
Infant daughter cf George and May Godfrey
HANLEY~In Redwood City. Cal.. October 17
1305. Ann. wife of John Hanley. a native of
Londonderry. Ireland, agrd 78 years.
C7"Friend» are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral at 10 a. m. Thursday, from
Mount Carmel Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the renose of
her soul. Interment at Hnly Cross Cemetery.
Oolma Kindly nmlt flowers.
HEDRICK — In thjs city. October 18. 19C5.
Lymsn Hedrxk, beloved father cf Harry
Hedrlck, u£ed 03 yearn.
CTRfmalne at the parlors of Craig,
Cochran & Co.. 4Gl.Gclden Gate avenue.
HUGHES— In Valdez, Alagtca. September 15.
Plcts in nty Cezaeterlts
Taken in Part Payment
for Plct« in.......
CYPRESS LAWS CEMETERY
1504 MARKET STREET
Or at Cemetery.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY,
San Mateo County.
BAMIXIC CEHETERV ASSOCIATION.
SB6 James Flood Building, 8. F.
rjC5. John V., beloved son of Annie and the
late Artbur Huchtt, and brother of James
S.. Arthur F. and Bernard F. Hu«hes anil
Mrs. h.n::r.a G. -Carter, a native ot .. New
Xorfe.
O"The funeral will take place to-duy
(Iliuu>aay). at 5:45 o'clock a. in,, from the
l>arki»-» oi Carew & Lnglish. a> Van \u25a0 Nets
av«nue, ihenee to Holy cross Church, where
a rtquiem high mats will be celebrated lor
the id>ote oi hiu soul, commencing at »:•«>
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
.ai.ii-incp Kngineeis' Beneficial Assoc.aWon
No. :»— Members are hereby notlfled to ai-
trnd the luneral of our deceased brother, J.
V. Hughes, from the undertaking parlors of
Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue,
to-day (Thursday), at 8:45 a. m.
WILLIAM J. BUADY JK.. President.
HIKAM J. PLATTS, Secretary.
HUIE — At her residence In San Hafael, Octo-
ber IS. li>U', Mrs. Sarah Elizabeth Huie.
widow of the late Dr. G. H. Huie. and
uaughter of the late Judge U.. Aug. Tnomp-
\u25a0on.
ty Funeral from the residence on Friday,
October l'o. at 10:30 a. m.
JACKSON — Entered into re»t, in this city, Oc-
tuber 17, XUOS, r-aiuh Arabella Jackson,
widuw ol the late Edward J. Jackson, Esq.,
and aearly be.oved mother ot ilr». A. it.
l-'rederick. Beatrice, Vvmifred unu Alfred
•Sorniu.il Jackton, a cati\*e oi / Eng-
land. ,-(
iU/Tvineral and interment strictly private.
LEhX— ln this city. October 18. 1805. George.
beloved hut*>and oi Mary Lehn, and »ather of
<.« <.i^i.iiiu. twiyn. Waiter and Eleanor
1.. hi., a native 'm jJrookiyn, N. x., aicea 4i
\fuis. i bixvKlj n, N. V., papers please copy.)
t> t r.enas. unu acquaintances are respect-
fully :r.vitea to attend the funeral services
en eaturday. October 21, at 1 o'clock p. m.,
from tl.e uarkr.s of Carew & English, -0
Van Nets avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
MARTINEZ— Ia this city, October 18, X 905,
"Uregono Martinez, father of Louis Martinez,
ana brother of Manuel Fernandez Martinez,
Mrs. Luz M. Vtarde and Mrs. J. M. La-
budie, a native of Mexico, aced 40 years.
McCANN— In this city. October 18, 1005,
T..'u;.as H.. husband of May McCann, and
sun ot Artnjr ana the late Catherine Mc-
Cann, a native of Caliiornla, aged 'M year*.
A member of the Riggers' ana Stevedores'
Union.
Olr The funeral will take place to-morrcw.
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock a. m., from
McAvoy, O'Hara & Co.'s new uarloru. itl
and 1:71 Hav<-s street, opposite St. Ignatius
Church, thence to St. Peter's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repoee of hie soul, commencing at U a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. ,
MCCARTHY— In this city. October IS, 1905,
Jeremiah Joseph, beloved eon of Jereml&h
and littsie McCarthy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, azed 8 months.
McKEOWX-In Berkeley, October 17, 1905.
James McKeown. beloved husband of Jane
McKeown, and father of Lena, Joseph and
Aliens McKeown. and brother of Joseph
McKeown, a. native of Ireland, aged 4S
years 2 months and 26 days.
t^y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, October 20, at 2 o'clock p.m., at the
family residence, 2147 Berkeley way, corner
Oxford street. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
MORSE— In Petaluma. October 18, 1905.
Aniasa Morse, father of Mrs. Jessie Bowles
of Petaluma and Harry vV. Morse cf Cor-
delia, a native of New York, aged 75 years.
(O"Fr:ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
at the residence of his daughter, Mrs. Jessie
Bowles; near Petaluma, Friday, October 20,
at 1:30 o'clock p. m. Kindly omit flowers.
Interment Cynress Hill Cemetery. Petaluma.
MURPHY — On board the United States trans-
port Sherman, September 17. 10C5. Joseph J..
beloved e.n of Mary J. and the late John P.
Murphy, and brother of May and the late
Marcus Muijliy, a native of San Francisco,
Cal.. aged 23 years 8 months and 14 days.
CyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of h\s mother, 867 Hayes street,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a
solemn ree'Mem mass will be celebrated for
the repose, of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MUSSER— In Altoona, Pa., October 17. 1906,
John E. Musser. beloved husband of Medora
Musser. and father of Jack Cantrell Musser.
PLEASANTS— In this city. October 17, 1905,
William Eugene Pltasants. brother of S. A.
Plearants Sr., a native of Mississippi, aged
36 years t> months and 24 days.
E7" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Thursday), at
10:30 a. m., from the chapel of N. Gray
6 Co., 612-Cl4 Van Ness avenue, between
Golden Gate avenue and Turk etreet. Cre-
mation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ROHRS — Entered into rest, in th \u25a0 city, Octo-
ber Id. ISXIS, George H. Rohrs, beloved father
of William Rohrs, and brother of Mrs. John
Scheebe, Mrs. John Peterson, Mrs. Henry
Doscher of San Francisco. Mrs. C. Schroder
of Savannah, Mrs. H. Borgstedt. Mrs. Anna
Kuck of Germany and the late John D.
Rohrs. a nat.ve of Hanover, Germany, aged
55 years C months and 29 daya.
EX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), from Saratoga Hall, 840 Geary
street, where services wll be held under the
auspices cf the San Francisco Schuetren
Verein. commencing at 2 o'clock p. m. Re-
' maine at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co..
1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
SILVERBERG— In this city. October 17, 1905,
Simon, beloved . husband of Jeanette Sllver-
berg. and beloved father of Mrs. Maurice
Schweitzer, Mra. J. J. Mack, Mrs. F. G.
Miner and Joseph S.. Arthur, Melville 'and
Irvln Sllverbcrg, a native of Germany, aged
72 years 11 months and 24 days.
E7"The funeral services will be held to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., at ISO 7
Gough street, thence to Home of Peace Cem-
j etery. by special train leaving Third and
Townsend Btreets at 10:45 a. m. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
THURSTON— In this city. October 17, 1905.
Stelner E., beloved husband of Adeline Thura-
ton, and father of Alvilde and Alette Thurs-
ton, a native of Germany, aged 41 years and
7 months.
CTFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock a. m., from hl»
late tesidence, 1902 Vj McAllister street. In-*
terment New Odd Fellows' Cemetery, by car-
rlate.
WHITE— In Oakland. October 18. 1906.
TV. W. White, husband of Margaret J.
White, and father of William TV.. Stephen
8., George A., Jcs?ph W., Charles E. and
Lillian M. White. Mrs. C. A. Kubbs and
Mrs. M. E. Foster, aged 76 years 3 months
and 10 days. (Seattle papers please copy.) '
"WHITMAN— In Berkeley. October 10, 1005,
Emma Whitman, beloved wife of Clark A.
Whitman, aged 49 years.
(E?"Frlpnds and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Mis Ken Rebekah Lodge No. 225 and
McKinley Circle, G. A. R., are requested
to assemble at Excelsior Hall, 2337 Mission
etreet, near Nineteenth, on Thursday, Octo-
ber IS, at 1 o'clock sharp. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
YANKOVICH— In this city. October 16, 1905,
at his residence, 142 West Mission street,
Antone Yankovich. dearly beloved husband
of Elizabeth Yankovich. and beloved father
of George, Gertrude and Helen Yankovlcb,
. a native of Austria, aged 39 years 10 months
and 16 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. October 19, at 2 o'clock p. m.,
from his late residence, 142 W r est Mission
etreet. between Thirteenth and Hermann. In-
terment I- O. O. F. Cemetery.
CEMETERY PLOTS
In Odd Fellows' and Masonic Cemeteries can
be exchanged for Plots In
MOI'XT OLIVET. ' u£
For' particulars apply at City Office,
GRANT liLDG.. MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
McAvoy, O'Hara &. Co. I
FirXERAL DIRECTORS. I
Removed to Their New Parlors, r
261 -271 EaVEs SI., spp. &T. lu!U'; lU3 CHCBOH {
Lady Assistants. Telephone South 247. I
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 15.
Chollar 15 lGJPcorplon ..... 14 15
Con Va M..1 70 1 75;Seg Belcher.. 01 C 5
Con Imperial — 02! Sierra Nev .. 35 3V
Confidence .. 76 78|St Louis 06- —
Crown Point. 07 08 Silver Hill .. 92 93
Con NY — 021 Syndicate .... 11 —
E Sierra Nev 03 05 Union Con .. 68 67
Eureka C0n.. 2 25 —Utah 04 05
Exchequer .. 62 55| Yellow Jacket 22 23
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
1000 Atlanta . ll|loCo Lida Suneet.. 25
l«0 Brunswick .. 42; 500 Mont Ton. ..2 42%
5000 Bullfg N Bk 15' 50 Mont Ton ...2 40
1 COO Cash Boy .. 16 100 Mont Ton ...2 45
ISCO Den Blfg. slO 32 1300 North Star... 46
W»0 Eclipse ..... 40 500 North Star. . . 47
600 Gold Bar... 22- 500 Orig Bullfrog. 21
000 Goldfield Mln 56| 500 Red Top 61
2500 Gldfld M. b9O 59; 500 Red Top, s 30 61
200 Jim Butler.. C 2' 500 Red Top .... 6*»
300 Jim Butler. . 61 1000 Red Top, s3O 60
100 Jumbo M Co. 74 2000 Home Con b9O 08
4000 Jumbo Ex . . 22 100 Ton Midway..l 40
2000 Kendall ..... lt)| r
Afternoon Session.
500 Adams- ...... 04! 500 Jim Butl*>r 61
1500 Blue Bell ... Csi 100 Jim Butler .. 62
300 Brunswick .. 45j 1600 MacNamara * 35
OCO Bullfg N Bnk 15i 500 Mont Ton ...2 45
500 C Eureka. .l/ 47% 200 Rescue .... o?
500 Den Bullfrog 32|1000.8t Ives ..." 14
500 Den Bullfrog Xi 1000 St IveeV.... 13
500 Gold Anchor.' 86 j 300 Red ' Top ... 62
1000 Gold Bar ... 24: 2000 Uonu Can.b.lo On 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, {OCTOBER 19, 1905.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District. - -\ : i
Bid.^sk.l v •\u25a0•'- :' Bid.Ask:
Belmont 140 1 45| Lucky Tom .. — -. .05 |
Belmont Ex.. — % 12 MacNomara.. 34 \u25a0' 35
Boston Ton.A 11 14|Midway- 1371 40
Brgr's JB Ex — 10, Mizpah ; Ex . J 11 13
California ... 05 C9|Mont Ton . / ..2 45 247
Cash Boy .. 13: 17|Mon Pttsburg — 18
Colehan . — 10' Monitor ..... 02 03
Eula Con ..— 17;N V Ton Con 17 18
Gold Anchor. -So S.j North Star... 46 47
Golden Gate. — «iSi Ohio Ton .... 24, .26
Gold Mt .... 11 12, Red Rock Ex — 15
Gold Mt Con —>01| Rescue 06 US
Great Westrn ' (KJ 04i Ton Exten ..5 75C00
Ind Tonopah. — OljTon Hme Con 05 07
Home 08 t)o|TonSlv & Gld- 15 —
Jim Butler. . «1 C2| Ton of Nev.l2 75 13 00
J Butler Ex. — 17| Virginia ..... 10 ~-
LltUe Ton ..200 2 50; West End ... »5 87
• Goldfleld District. Ti;'' 1
Adams - 0;; - (fl | Great Bend .. — M
Atlanta 11 . 12| Highland .... — 20
Aurora 06 09j Junrbo M Co. 73 75
Black Ants/. — Olj Jumbo Ex ... 21 22
Black Butte. 14 16 Juno ........ — «jL
Blk litte Ex. — 02 Kendall ..... 18 20
Black Rock.. — 02! Kendall £*•• — ° 2
Blue Bell ... 05 oU|Lone Star .... 08 W
Blue Bull ... 07 08; Lucky Star .. — 04
Brooklyn ... 01 02, May Queen .. lo 17
Bull & Bear. 02 03[ Mohawk ...:. 13 14
Booth M Co. 05 — | Nevada Boy. . 13 15
COD 40 50| Nev Goldfleld. — f -3
Columbia ... 15 — I Nev Southern. — 11
Columbia Mt 15 18:Oakes — 10
Conqueror ..13 15, Oakland — 1?
Diamond '\u25a0 — 15iOro\ — J
Diamondfleld. 20 23; Pennsylvania. 02 03
Dmdfld Trngl — 10 Red Lion 02 03
Dominion ... — OOjPotlatch — OS
Dixie 09 11| Red Top .... 61 62
Empire 06 0« Red Top Ex. 02 03
Exploitation. — 01 Sandstorm ... 45 47
Fawn 05 — Sandstorm Ex 07 OS
Florence ....2 50 400 Sherman .... — 26
Frisco — 08 Silver Pick... 07 09
Gold Dust . . — 07 Slmmerone . . — 20
Gold HIM ... — 04' st Ives 13 14
Goldfleld Mm 65 56! Treasure ..... 04 —
Gld& G Reed — 10 Verde — •>*
Gldfld Rand. 05 061 Vernal 03 03
Goldfleld Ton — 05,' Wonder — 02
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 08 10 Gold Bar 23 25
Amethyst ... — 15 Gldfld Bullfrg — 10
Big Bullfrog. 12 — lUge Harris.. 01 03
Bonnie Clare 65 —I Mont Bullfrog 02 03
Bullfrog Mm 47 49- Orig Bullfrog. 20 22
Bullfrog Anx 02 04 Pilot ........ 20 —
Bullfrog Com 06 — Red Dog 06 12
Bullfrog Ex. 33 — San Francisco 17 19
Blfrg Bundle 10 — Shoshone — 10
Blfrg Jumper 10 — Shoshn B Gld — 25
Bullfg N Bk 15 16 Stelnway .... 14 15
Den Bullfrog 32 33 Ventura ..... 11 13
Dn Blfg Anx 05 w\ Vista Grande. — 05
Eclipse 39 40, Wolverine ... 05 10
Other Districts.
Brown Hope. — 141 Paymaster ... 01 02
Congress 15 —I Ray & O'Brien 00 07
Bsperanza .. — 01 ( Rocco Hmetk. 76 80
Gol<l Reer M 16 — | Rothwoll — *-i«
Gold Quartz. 32 — ; Stiver Peak.. — 17
Kawlch &B. — 13! Southwestern. — 25
Kawich King — Olj Sylvania 09 15
Kawch MCo 06 0?. Tokop Con ... 02 —
Lida Hawk.. — 60|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday;
9:30 a. m. Session.
2500 Bl Butte, b3O 151 40C0 Red Top .... 81
1500 Diamondfleld. 2312000 Rescue 07
1000 Eclipse 411 500 Belmont, slO.l 40
8000 Hme Con,b6o 09| 500 Ton Belmont..l 40
1500 Jim Butler.. 62 1200 Ton Midway.. l 40
1000 Mnt Tn.bdo.2 47%|1000 Ton N- Star.. 47
700 Mont T0n.. 2 37% 300 W End, s 10 96
6000 Nat Bank . .. IB!
11 a. m. Session.
1600 Black Butte. 151 700 Mnt Tn.b10.2 42%
800 Brunswick .. 40] 1000 Mnt Tn.b90.2 47%
7000 Dixie 10; 1000 Nat Bank ... 10
2COO Eclipse 40 300 Ophlr 6 62%
200 Goldfleld Mln 67| 100 Orig Bullfrog. 22
2500 Gold Mt .... 12! 500 Red Top 61
COO Jim Butler. . 62, 1000 Red Top, slO 61
300 J Butler, bl5 62! 500 Red Top, s 30 01
200 Mexican 1 15 1500 Rothwoll 25
150 Mexican -.1 12% 300 Ton Blmnt.l 42%
300 Mont T0n.. 2 42% 1500 N Star, b 10 47
2 p. m. Session.
3000 Blue Bull .. OSIriCOO Pa Goldfleld.. o2%
2000 Dixie b 30... 10j 1500 Red Top. slO 61
1500 Eclipse 40 2500 Red Top, b 30 62
• 800 Goldfleld Mm 56| 1000 Sandstorm . .. 4«
4000 Hme Con.bOO 09j TOO Ton Midway.. l 40
760 Mont T0n.. 2 42% j 1000 Ton N Star.. 40
1000 Nat Bank ... 15: 100 West End ... 96
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstocks.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Aek.
Alpha 10 li:Julla 09 —
Alta — 05 Justice ...... — 04
Andes 26 — jKentuck — 02
Belcher 26 —.Lady Wash... — .04
Best & 8e1..l 30 —(Mexican 1 12% —
Bullion 38 — Occidental ... 87 91
Caledonia... 44 4C Ophlr ..5 62^ —
Challenge ... 17 — Overman .... 11 —
Chollar 14 — Potosl 13 —
Confidence . . 72 — Savage 60 —
Con Va..l 57% 1 67VjjSeg Belcher.. 05 - —
Con Imperial — O.i\ Scorpion ..... 13 —
Con NY — 04 Sierra Nev ..29 31
Crown Point. 07 OS Silver Hill . . 92 —
Exchequer .. 52 —St Louis — 11
E Sierra Nev — 04 Union Con ..49 50
Gould & Cur. 21 22 Utah 03 C 5
Hale & Norc.l 20 — (Yellow Jacket 23 24
Tonopah District.
Belmont ....1 37% — Midway ... ..1 85 1 45
California ... 07 — MlzpahEx ..10 12
Cash Boy .. — 17 Mont Ton ...2 40 245
Colehan — 10 N V Ton Con 20 21
Gold Anchor. 87 — I North Star... 46 49
Great Westrn 03% 04|Ohlo — 30
Home 08 U9%j Paymaster ... — 02%
Home Con .. — OK! Rescue ..:...• 07% 08
Ind Tonopah.oo% 01%;S Nev Dev... — 10
Jim Butler.. — 65. T0n Exten ..6 75 —
Little Ton .. — 3 OOlTon of Nev. 12 50 13 25
Lucky Tom.. — 17J United Ton .. — 15
MacXamara.. 85 3(l] West End ... — 110
Goldfield District.
Adams 04 05% I Jumbo M Co. "0 —
Austin — 31|Jumbo Ex ... — 25
Black Butte. 13 15! Kendall ..... 18 19
Blk Btte Ex. — 03%jLone Star ... 09 —
Black Rock.. — 03; May Queen .. 16 —
Blue Bell ... — 05 Mohawk 15 —
piue Bull ... 10 —[Nev Goldfleld. 24 —
Brooklyn ... 02 05|Oakes — 10
Columbia Mt 18 — ;Oro .......... — 05
Diamond — 15i Pa Goldfleld.. 02 03
Diamondfleld. 26 —(Red Lion .... 02 03
Dixie 10 11 Red Top 60 64
Frisco — 10|Red Top. Ex. 01 —
Exploitation. — 03|St Ives ..... 13 14
Gldfld G Dst — Oti! Sandstorm ... 41 • —
Gld& G Reed 11 — Sandstorm Ex 08 —
Gldfld L Star — 08; Silver Pick... 09 10
Goldfleld Nev 55 6U; Slmmerone . . 16 25
Great Bend.. 03 — | Vernal ...06
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 01 C3j Llge Harris.. 01 —
Beatty Blfrg — 05; Mont Bullfrog 01 04
Bullfrog Anx — t'6,Orig Bullfrog. 20 22
Bullfrg Belle — 07! Shoshone — 12
Bullfrog Mm — 65 Vista Grande. — 15
Bullfg N Bk 15 17 Wolverine ... — 11
Eclipse — 45]
Other Districts.
Brown Hope. — 101 Pine Grove .. 20 25
Esperarua .. 00% 01 Ray & O'Brien 05
Free Gold . . — 15j Rothwoll . ..." 24 25
Gold Mt Con — 02 Silver Peak. . — 21
Kawlch Gold. — 041 Ton Berkeley. \u25a002 ,
Nev Sunshine 15 — ; Ton Gold Mt. 10 13
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 18.
Edward L. Eyre to Florence A. Eyre, lot
on S line of Broadway, 171:1014 W of Lajmna
street. W 34:4% by S 137:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Agna*
A. Foerster, lot on S line of California street.
156:4% W ot Buchanan, W 24:10^4 by S
Charlt» and Sallie H. Page to W. N. Dekker
lot on S line of Filbert street 126:9 E oi
Scott, E 37.0% by 8 137:6; $10.
• Same to Mabel H. Bcedy, lot on S Una ot
Filbert street, 163:9% E 01 : Scott, E 37.0% by
S X 37 '- 0 ; $10.
Edwaid and Caroline Frledlander to Margaret
M. Hamburg (wife of William), lot on E
line of Farren street. 75 S ot Ellis, S 25 bj
E 75; $10.
Leopold and Gertrude Welnar.d to FrlJa
Warren (wife of Francis), lot on W line '0/
Tremont street. 485 S of Frederick, S 28 by
Henry L. and Hattie Samson to Solomon
Blbo. lot on E lln» of Maple street. 101-S^i
S of Clay. S 25 by E 112:6; $10. .
John Center to John H. Frledrlohi lot on
E line of Folsom street, 200 S of Seventeenth
S 35. E 147. NW along Mission Creek to point
opposite beginning, W 145; $10
Elizabeth F. Weeks to John H. anJ Harr e'.
E. Dawson, lot cn-E line or Howard ttreet!
35 N of Twenty- first. N 0» by E 100; $10.
City and County of i?an Franclscj f> .\gnes
A. Foerster, lot on Vr line of DoUres' ttre-t
170 N ot Seventeenth, W 90, N 23:t?, W 12 -b
S 23:6. E 6. S 46. W\ 3. S 10, jS lot) N
60; $ — -. '- *
Mary McNamara to Joseph L. Leary. lot 01
S line of Twenty-fourth street, 100 W of
Florida. W 27 by S 104; $10. ,
Peter F. and Ellen M. Goodwin to Niels '
F. D.. Jorgenssn, lot on E line of Dolor»*
street. 200 S of Twenty-fourth S- 30 by E
125; $10. '
Rudolph and Loulra Huber to Edward aid
Rachel Ellis, lot on S line of Twenty-e gnth
street. 75 E of Church. E 25 by S 51:6; $10.
- Pietro and Mary, Raffo to James and Cam
erine Neagle, lot on S line of Jersey »;riti.
80 W of Nde. W 22:2% by.S : ll4; $10. ;
. Mrs. Sarah J. de la Montanya f> Mrs. Sarah
J. de la M. Dotn, lot on'N- lire of : Jackson
street 66 E of Battery. N 91:8 by E 41:6; $ltf.
• Mrs". Sarah J: : de la M. Dorn to Sarah J.
de la Montanya,, lot on E: line fcf Batte.-y
street ' 45:10 N of Jackson.' N 45:10 by E
66; $10. • -
Joseph and Fannie C. < Haber : to United
Realty Company, lot on E lini ot Sansome
street, 97 S of Bush. S 41:2. by E 97; $5.
Catherine and'Jame« Kelly. f> Batt'stjtanrt
Maria' A. : Rosso, lot -.0n,; S ' Knc of Lombard
street, 246:3 E of Powell. E 20 by S Ci):6: $I .
Lorenzo and \u25a0\u25a0 Angelina vLuchetti to -Charles
W. Sutro, lot on SW line of Montgomery ave
nue. 40.26 NW of Powell. NW.39.04, 1 . W.3C.70.
S-SO. E 61.74;510.
Giuseppe and Aununzlata' Snngulretti : to; \'..
Friedlander and F.- K. .Houston. » lot ; on <S : line
of Union atreet.. 137:6 -W. of Stockton. , S 55:6,
NW46:2K.N 20, E29:G%: excepting !o: on
XE line o( Montgomery uvenue. . 61>. 2V*' SE
of Union street • SE 3, N '•3:9% SW 2:0; $10.
J. M. RcthchiM to same. »ame, qultclilm
dsed; ?10.- . • . ,' - .„.
Jacob and Esther Levy to Mary Hoe. lot on
E line, of \u25a0\u25a0 Hyde street, 137:6 N of rails, N
30 by E 137:G; ?10. - , '
• Wong Him to same or Wong Tom Hoe,
lot on E line of Hyde street 107:6 S of O'Far
rell. S 30 by E. 137:6; gift. : v __
Richard P. Burns to John Joost, lot on SE
line of Natoma street. 375:4 SW of Third,
SW 21:8 by SB SO; $10.
Epes and Sarah I. Ellery tQ M. Fisher Com
pany, lot on KW line of Folßom street, 575 NE
of Fourth, NW SO, NE 99:OMs SE . SO. SW
99:6%; $10. •.-:<,
M. Fisher Company to Arthur Dannenbaum
and Joseph EL Bier same; $10. \u25a0•
Charles D. and Marlon T.' Parmelee to Harry
H. Granlce. lot on SE line of Perry street,
500 NE of Fourth. NE 25 by SE SO; $10.
M. Fisher Company to Pelton Water. Wheel
Company, lot on. NE corner of Nineteenth and
Harrjson streets, N 275 by B 121:."; ?10.
Real Estate and Development Comrany to
Oussle- S. Symon (wife of Samuel C), lot on
W !lne of Missouri street, 175 N of Twentieth,
N 25 by;W 10O;grant.
Phebe. A. : Hearet to Sterling Investment
Company, lot on E line of Pennsylvania street,
427 :b Nof Twenty- second, N3lby E. 100.
P. N. 319 and 320- grant.
Amy T. Campbell to Alice It. Bentz. lot
en. E line of Twenty-sixth avenue. 160 N of
Lake - street, N 20 by E 120; $10. > •
Oscar P. and Flora D. Hicks to George H.
Dyer, lot on NE corner of Twentieth avenue
and California street, E 29 by N 120; $10.
John Jinkens to Frank Flecks, lot on S
line of Lake street, 57 :C W of Nineteenth ave
nue, \v 23 by S 100; $10.
Frank Fleck to Frances Fleck, \u25a0 same; gift.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Alice K. Bentz, lot on W line of Twenty-sixth
avenue, 100 S of Lake street. S 60 by W 120;
$10, \u25a0. :\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0. .- :
William F. Magee to Harry H. and Alice
N. Wllkins. lot on S line of Deeth street (Cali
fornia street South). 32:6 W of Fourth ave
nue, W 25 by S 100; $10. >
Anna Hunn (wife of Francis B.) to George
J. Burkhardt, lot on W line of Eighteenth
avenue. 100 N of Point Lobos, N 25 by W
120; $10. '
J. W. Wright and Sons' investment Com
pany to Henry Styche. lot on AY line of Twen
ty-flrst avenue 325 S of Point Lobos. S 25
by W 120; $10! \u25a0 • \u25a0 '
William J. and Emma C Gunn to Clarence
Coleman and El J - Sultan! lot on N 1 line of
A street, 107:6 'W of Nfnth avenue, w 25
by N 100; $10. ,
Mary EX. O'Kan« to Mary A. Rethers (wife
of Dr. T. C), lot on E line of Twenty-fifth
avenue, 135 N of C etreet, N 27 by B 240; gift.
Patrick and Jane Keogh to John M. Chrls
tianson, lot on W line of Thirty-third avenue,
100 N of J etreet, N 25 by W 120; $10.
L. Kalisky (by Thomaa O'Brien, Tax Col
lector) to Ames Mecartney, lot on E line of
Thirty-third avenue, 225 N of X street, N 25
by E 120. tax deed: $1 50
Golden Gate Syndicate to Margaretha Eisele,
lot on E line of Thirty-third avenue, 225 N of
X street. N 25 by E 120; $5.
Margaretha and Felix Eisele to Marie M.
Weller. same; gift.
Golden Gate Syndicate to Mary P. Murfey,
lot on SE corner of Twenty-third avenue and
Q street, S 1)0:4 SE 47:10, NE 92:11. W
52*10, quitclaim deed; $5.
\u25a0 Amelia and t George Bens to Martin and
"Wilhelmlna Williams, lot on N line of Parker
street, 80 E of Columbia place, N 100 by E 25,
Harris map 1, P. V. lot 28; $10.
William F. Burnham to Alfred D. Bowen,
lots 2214 and 2215, gift map 4; $10.
Crocker Estate Company to same, lot com
mencing on dividing line of first party and land
of W. R. Eaton dißtant SW 227.5 from point in
S boundary Holiday map, also said point being.
872.8 W along said line of S boundary 75:0,
NE 675.3 thence E on curve to 1eft. 699, NE
86, W on curve to right 713:6, SW 667.7, con
taining 2.371 acres (diagram attached); $10.
Martha and John F. Mero to same, lots 38
and 39, block 39, City Land Association; $10.
Rudolph W. and Jennie Mertens to Adrien
P. Chalx, lot 28, block I, Mission-street Land
Company; $10.
S. Ducas Company (a corporation) to Leopold
Welnstein, lot on SW line of Goettlngen street,
150 NW of Sllllman. NW 50 by SW 120, lot 3,
block 26. University Mound; $10.
Leopold and Sarah Weinsiem to Jacob Hey
man Company, lot on W line of Alabama
street. 400 S of Preclta, S 60 by W 110. P. V.
162; also lot on SW lino of Fourteenth avenue,
275 SE of R street, SE 25 by SW 200, block
29: i. O'Xell & Haley Tract: $10.
Mission Home and Loan Association to James
L. Mathewson, lot 481, gift map 1; $10.
George M. and Florence U. Perine to Alfred
D. Bowen lot on SW line or Foote avenue, 225
NW of Huron street, NW 12 by SW 80, por
tion block 13, West End map 2; $10.
Builders' Contracts. '
A. Paulsen (owner) with H. H. Bergfeld
(contractor), architect — All work except
shades, finish hardware, gas fixtures and man
tels for a two-story frame residence on S line
of Army etreet, ISS W of Church, 30x114;
$2250.
Thomas B. Slevin (owner) with Henry J.
Kenealy (contractor), architect M. J. Welsh —
Alterations and additions to a two-story frame
building on E Hne of Harrison street. 156 N
of Twenty-fourth, N 26 by E 100; $1090.
John G. Sutton (owner) with Dyer Bros.'
Golden West Iron Works (contractors), en
gineers Brelte & Archer, architects Sutton &
Weeks — Iron and steel work for a three-story
and basement brick building, on NW-llne cf
Natoma street, 370 NE of Fourth, NE 80 by
NW 80; $1507.
Same owner with Mallory & Swenson (con
tractors), architects Sutton *& Weeks — Sheet
metal work, roofing, ekylghts, prismatic glass,
carpenter work, painting and whitewashing for
same on same; $3140.
Jacob A. Wilkens (owner) with John Flaher
ty (contractor), architects Martens & Coffey —
All work except painting, gas fixtures, mantels,
shades and tllinsr " for i a three-story frame
bulldlnsr on E line of Baker street, 50 S of
Hayes. S 50 by E 100; $14,600.
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),,
architects same — Plumbing, gas fitting, sewer
lnjr, etc., on same on same; $1708.
Same owner with Cooks Decorating Company
(contractors), architects same — Painting, grain-
Ing tinting for same on sime; $1245.
John F. Merrill (owner) with J. P. Fras'r
(contractor), architect Nathmlel Blisde!! —
Palntlng t varnishing, cleaning, polishing, etc.,
for alterations and additions to dwelling house
on lot on N line of Washington street. 123 E
of Van Ness avenue. N 100. E 25, N 27:SH,
W 148. S 127:Stf, E 12-1, We-tern Adiltloi
51: $1635.
H. Schomaker (owner) with H. S'ettin (con
.tractor), architects Kldd & Anderso i—Exeava
t'on, conoete work. KrtlfT.lal paving, ter.en:
sidewalks and steps for five flats and two
stores on lot on NE corner of ElgMe'nth and
Douglass streets. E 35 by N 75; $1185.
C.- Carrau (owner) with James Rogers (con
tractor), architect C. S. McNally — All work
for a one-Ptory frame building on lot. on N
line of Twenty-first - street. 2C5 AY of Church,
W 24:8** by N 114, Mission Blo:k 01: J2lOO.
Mrs. ChrHtno Meyer (owner) with McKlUlp
Bros, (contractors), architect . All woK
for a two-st rv-ond btserre-.t frim> iul dn?
(two flats) on lot en N line "f Twenty- o r n
street. — E of Diamond: $4500.: .
The Young & Swain Bik'ns Company
(owners) with Ira W. Co^U'n (co-tr*c'o ),
architect T. Paferson Ro*s— \'l w~r'< fn* n
two-stor" b<-'ek -~d frum" \u25a0 •\u25a0- ' ''nr o "'* *"•
N l!n« of O'Farrell street. 175 W. f Dsv!«*a«r»
W.: 100 .by N i::.:(i; $8940. ,
Alanifda Comity.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 16.-
Mary E. and H. C. Morris (and as attorney)
to J. V. Matteson. lot on S line of . School
street. 212.68 W of , Capp. W 40, S to point
33:4 N from S boundary lots 2 and 3, E to point
on line parallel with W line of ' Capp and S
from said point on S line of School street 212.68
W from Capp, etc., N to beginning, being por
tion lots 2 and 3, block B, De Wolf Tract,
Frultvale, Brooklyn Township; $10. •
-. Margaret and Louis B. Mosca to Mrs. S. E.
Maus, lots 9 " and 10, block C, Linda Park,
Brooklyn Township; $10. •
Louis. F. and Lydia Monteagle to Augujto
Pellegrini, ; lots 15, 16, .- 17, block ; F, Melrose
statlon Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10. ;\u25a0"-.
George P, and Annie Green to Herbert W.
Grant, lot on E line of Minturn street,- 125 S of
Eagle avenue, S 25 by E 108, lot 10, block 50,
property near :Enclnal station of Columbue
Bartlett. Alameda; $10. : :
Alfred and ' Emma G. Bannister to George
L. Lewis, undivided half of lot on NW corner
of Eagle avenue and Broadway," N 40:6,' thenco,
obliquely W to N line of Eagle avenue > 65.
thence along N line of Eagle avenue 33.8 to
beginning, lot 8, block B, Jenks & Mead Tract,
Alameda; $10. ' r . . .' ' -..,
North Terrace Land Company to H. B. Mor
ris, lot on E line of Nielsoh street, 150 — from
S lino of Francis, S 60 by E 109, Berkeley; also
lot on SE corner of Nielson and Francis Btreets,:
S 50 by E 109. being lots 41, 42, 47 and 48, in,
lot C, map subdivision of lot 2, Domingo Pe
ralta Homestead, Berkeley; $10. •
George Gray (administrator of. the estate of
William D.Whitmore) to Ed Rynning.-all In
terest in lot on SW.line of Central avenue or
East Twelfth < Washington) street. 120 SE of
Sixth avenue (Jones). SE \u25a0 .10 by S W 140 block
32. Clinton. East Oakland; $2150.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 17.
• T. C. and Mary E. Coogan to Melvin-C.
Chapman, lot beginning at point on line divid
ing plats 20 and * 21. distant -. SW 22.90 from
S VV line of : Leo . street as . per 5 map >of ? sub
division 1, ! Adams < Point - property. SW 75 by
SE - 135, portion' of \ plat r 21; . aforesaid map,
Ranchos V. and D. Peralta; Oakland; $10.V •:•;
Sarah A. McKee (widow) : by . 8. B. McKee
(attorney) to John F. . Murray, lot 22,' block 2.'
Santa Fe Tract No. 5, Berkeley; $10. ,
T Mattie B. and '- Frank B. Millard to 0.. W.
Lucas, lot on N line of Carlton street, 85- E of
Dana E 40 by N 89:8, being E 40 f eet . of • lots
13 and 14", block \u25a0 L, ; Leonard Tract, ; Berkeley;
$10..: -•';. - . :\u25a0\u25a0•.: \u25a0\u25a0 •;•-:• -\u25a0; -.: : -\u25a0-\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0;
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Berkeley Development Company Ito Sarah . E.
McLean (widow), lot 1. block C,* Hopkins Ter
rae?,' Map No. . 3, I . etc.; ' Berkeley ; ? $10. ''\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
; W.' J; and Grace E.. Mortimer. to F. W.(Foss,
lot .\u25a0 25, \u25a0 block \u25a0 1," amended • map of r Humphrey
Tract, Berkeley; $10. •-'\u25a0 .
"Arthur P. and LettieVW." Holland to B." R.
A Ikpn (single). , lot -on N line of • Forty-seventh
street, - 290 B of West,' E 50. ; N i 90 . to , middle
of ' Temescal Creek," N W \u25a0 sfl to "\u25a0 E boundary of
\oC 8, ? block . 211 7. -- S £ 100 to .beginning. 7; lx:ing
lot; 9.- block V 2U7. Alden : Tract- at jTemeBcal.
Qakland : also : lot • on S corner of Santa Clara '
and Oakland; a venues." SW. 30 by SE I20;i block
J. . Flint .Tract t No. 4, Oakland \u25a0 Heights, k Oak-~.
land: .'also; lot ' on'N line of AJcatraz avenue.'
GIVES FINAL CONCERT
BEFORE HER DEPARTURE
.Miss Unn Fairwenther Sins* Before
• Large Audience at Lyric Hall Be
:\u25a0' \:~ -' \ : . fore Going . Eant.
Miss Una Fairwenther, the sweet
contralto, gave her final; concert in this
city last night at Lyric Hall prior to
her departure for Nqv York. A-splen
did-audience took advantage of hear
ing her before she takes up her work
in the East. She was assisted by
Hother Wismer, violinist, and Fred
eric Maurer, pianist.:
.: The programme contained r many se
lections from the masters, and Miss
Fairweather'^: interpretation of them
was continually applauded by" the au
dience. The following programme was
given: .
Sapphic Ode (Brahms). Verborgenheit (Wolf).
Rother Mohn (Kaun). Miss Una Fairweather:
Violin Concerto. G •Minor, No. «,• •\u25a0Allegro
(Spohr), Hother Wismer; "The Captive' (Lalo);
"Where Corals Lie" (Elgar). "On the \\ajrto
Kev^' (Foote), "Hack to Ireland" (Huhn), Mis-
Fairweather; "Low. My L«te" (Weil). Ha
roun al Raschid"- (Elkus). Prelude (Locherj.
Lullaby (Sabln), Slegfrid Idyl (Wagner Wii
helmj) llother Wismer and Frederic Maurer;
"My Heart at Thy Sweet Voice" (Saint Saens),
"Helmweh" (Wolf), Miss Falrweather.
"Woman Tries to Commit Suicide.
A woman giving the name of Georgie
Brown tried to commit suicide by tak
ing bichloride of mercury: in her room
in the Columbus lodging-house, 246
O'Farrell street, last night. She had
just returned from dinner when she
rang for the Japanese boy and told him
of her rash act. The boy Immediately
notified the police and Policeman J. H.
Pearl went to her room and found her
In. a serious condition. She was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital,
where she will probably recover.
Pleads Guilty of Robbery.
James Quinlan, an ex-convict, pleaded
guilty to- a charge of robbery in Judge
L.awlor's court yesterday. He waived
time for sentence, but the Judge said
he would not impose sentence till to
day. Quinlan held up Michael Mc-
Donald, on the night of February 19
and took from him a gold watch, chain
and charm, a gold ring and J9 75 in
coin.
Kcefe Charged With Burglary.
"William Keefe was arrested yester
day by Detective' Ed. Gibson and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of burglary. He is accused of entering
the rooms of J. T. Connolly, 309 Ellis
street, on October 9 and stealing a
sealskin coat and a quantity of jew
elry belonging; to Mrs. Connolly.
Keefe is a stranger to the police.
Stableman Is' Instantly Killed.
Charles Thlemann, a stableman, em
ployed in Austin's stable. 835 Harrison
s,treet, fell from the hay loft in that
stable last night, a distance of twenty
feet, to the ground floor. His skull
was smashed and he died instantly.
The body was taken to the Morgue.
CAPTAIN JONES CHARGED. — United States
District Attorney. Robert T. Devlin has
filed in the United States District Court an In
formation and agreed statement of facts in the
case of Captain William Jones, master of the
steamer Burmah. for allowing a sailor named
Edward Smaelen to ! escape, the sailor bein»f
afflicted with trachoma. According to the
agreed statement Captain Jones, by advice of
the British Consul, placed Smaelen in the
United States Marine Hospital and did not
placa a guard over him. although he had been
warned that the hospital authorities would not
be responsible for ths sailor's safe keeping.
GALLATIN'S WILL FILED.— The will of
the late Albert Gallatin wa 3 filed for prcbUe
yesterday. Decedent bequeathed to each ot mi
four -children — Mrs. Grace - Thompson teton or
New York, Mrs. Leta Harvey. Mrs. Jennie
Powers and Albert Oallat n Jr.— JIO.OCO eacn.
and the residue to Malvena Gallatin. widow of
the deceased. The estate, which : is a lar?e
one. consist* of realty in th s city. St. L.v •
and in Tehama and Lassen counties, Cali
fornia and stocks, bonds and mort?age«. . r :
LOS ANGELES. Oct. IS.— The State Funeral
Directors 1 Association held the first session of
Its second annual meeting In Mammoth Han
here to-day and was addressed by Professor
Earnee of New York.
VISALIA Oct. 18. — The men who took the
elk to Giant Forest returned to Vlsalla to.-day.
They report that eight ducks,, five cows and
eight calves were safely landed In the forest.
Two of the elk died en route.
164.94 E of Telegraph avenue, B 35 by N 115.
lot 38. block B University Park, near the
university. Oakland ; also undivided half oX
lot on NE line of Santa Clara (Moss) avenue.
243. C2, measured along said line of Moss ave
nue, SE of Oakland avenue, SE 62.35, NE
101.07 NW 50.02, SW 118, to beginning, lot
8, block I. Flint Tract No. 4, portion of Oak
land Heights (warranty deed, except as to in
debtedness of $SOO to Oakland Bank of Sav
ings). Oakland; $10.
\u25a0 Cornelius Donovan (single) to Christian S.
Nielsen, lot on N line of Alcatraz avenue, 80
E from intersection with line dividing lands
formerly of Dave Barry from Lorln Villa
Tract. B -* 0 b y" ** 12tr - portion of Vicente
Peralta Reservation, Oakland; $10.
Henry E and Ona N. Atwood to C. M. Wil
lard, lot 10. .block J, Santa Fe Tract No. 2,
Oakland: $10.
George E. and Lucy E. Lewis to H. E. Wol
cott and F. B. Hough., lot on S line of Stan
ley street. 312 W of Grove, W SO. S 96.6 to S
line of McKee Tract. E 30. N 97.2 to begin
ning being E 30 feet of lot 3. block 7. Mc-
Kee Tract, in plat 46, V. and D. Peralta
Ranchos, Oakland ; $10.
Wickham and Florence W. Havens to Gott
llb Molcan, • lot 7. Oak Park Tract, Oakland;
$10.
- Alice Pease (widow) to D. A. . Proctor, lot
on W line of Spauldlng avenue. 100 N of
Dwight way, N 153.10, W 259.48 to point on
E llne'of Sacramento atreet distant -N 275.46
from N line of Dwight way, S 175.46, B 159.48
to beginning, block 3, property and location of
Spauldlng Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Alice S. Steele to >Mary Holm, lot on B
line of Ninth etreet, 367 N of Snyder avenue.
N 77.70. E 150.09. S 82.56, W 150. loi 10 and
N half of lot 9. subdivision of lots 22, 23. .24
and 25. Snyder Tract, Berkeley; $10. !
The Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Joseph
T. Williamson (married), lot 16, block R, Bry
ant Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Same to George H. Williamson, lots 14 and
16, block R. . same, -Berkeley; $10. \u0084
. A. or Arlstlde Brand to ' Eva Bennett (wife
of Sanford), ' lot on S line of Eagle avenue,
100 E of Oak Btreet, E 100 by S 120, being
fraction lots E, F, G and H. In block 45,
T. A." Smith's resubdlvlslon of map of part
of Mlnturn Tract, Alameda; gift.
Isabel and William S. Tweed to Jay C.
Jones, lot 2. block G, Latham Terrace, East
Oakland; grant. . > .
William and Minnie M. Kohler to Paulina
Ench et al.. lot on SE. corner of Oak and
Twelfth streets, E 100 by 8 60, lots 7 and 8
and N half of lot 9, block 166. Kellersberger's
Map, Oakland; $10.
Frank W. and MaryV. Batdorf to D. L. and
Addle .D. Jungck, -; undivided half of lot on , N
line of Dalton (now Slxty-flfth) etreet, 166.65
E of San Ptfblo avenue, E 40 by N 110. lot
40, Rock Island Tract, Oakland ; $10.
S i Minerva J. Sweeney . (Todd). wife of George
W.,- to C. C. Lauritsen, lot" on B line of Chest
nut street, 197:6 S of Thirtieth, S 32:6, by E
132. being S 22:6 of lot:2C and N 10 of lot
25, block ' 659, " map of resubdivlslon of blocks
659 and C6O. Oakland; $10. '
Same to J. L. Peterson, lot on E line : of
Chestnut street, 165 S of Thirtieth, 3-32:6 by
E 132, being S 15 feet of lot 27 and N 17:8
feet of lot 26, : block 609, : same, Oakland; $10.
Daniel W. and Jennie L. la Fortune to Wil
liam L^Govan. lot on NW : line of Oak street,'
102.60 NE of Peralta avenue. NE 60 by-NW
150, lot 3 in plat 16. "amended map Lake
view East Oakland ; $10. V
\u25a0' Wi'lllam W'oodley to r Mary Woodley (wife),
lot on • E line of Shattuck avenue. .'36.22 8 ot
Russell street, S 40. E 117.73.. N 40. W 115.31
to beginning, lot 17 and =W 10 feet of lot 14,
block C, Adeline Tract. Berkeley; gift.
\u25a0 . Same to tame,' lot '18, block C. • same. Berke-
Eva L* Dick (by Wade Hlghtower, attorney)
to Anna M. Lacy. : lot on N line of Blake
street 240 E !of McGee. - E 40 N 127. lot
14. block 1. Case Tract, Berkeley;, slo. .
D L and Addle D. Jungck ito Frank :W.
and Mary V. Batdorf (wife), lot on W line
of Josephine > street. : 214.75 S of Cedar, S 41
by'W 135 lot 6, block ; 2, 'amended map Hum
phrey.Tract. Berkeley; - - .-
C Lawrence Brock (single) to Jacques
Pomes lot'onS' line* of. Clement street or At
lantic 'avenue. -148:6*1 ,E of Park street. E
37*6 by ' S 150 -being subdivision* J and. E %
of! subdivision' H.f map Dye -and Bowen re
subdlvlsion blocks F. G = and H. Alameda Sta
tion-Homestead Association. Alameda; $10. :
H" J^ and, Sarah^Elllott to Mary P. - and
Laura E Easter." Aot on E line. of West street.
H0 S of 'Thirty-first. : S. 40 by r E : 100. -portion
lot 19 --- block \u25a0 2034. \u25a0 official map. Oakland ; • $10.
Breed ' & • Bancroft (a corporation) to ? Ann A.
Benton' (widow), i lot - 143. map : Santa i Fe , Tract
No 20, Oakland: $10. :^sgSfmt 3??^
\u25a0 Clarence At \ and Esther- K. t Chlchester -to
Joseph ' Nelson. : lot ; on S line of Sixtieth street
(Butler ; avenue). 300 :Eor • Idaho/ E 47 :6. : S
120' W 27:6,S 10, W 20./N 130 to beginning. 1
being E 20 ffet lot 11? and W'27:6 of , lot 12.
block v 4 • amended map Butler Tract, , Ojklard;
*** ..' ,-\u25a0 ':.;..' \u25a0-.;•' \u25a0" : ''*\u25a0"" ' '\u25a0' \u25a0'""' '' ; \u25a0" ..
REFUSES TO PREVENT
ARREST OF SCALPER
Judge Hunt ' Holil-m That Outside
Dealer* In Tlienter Tlckc«:.i Have
No Eqnltablc Remedy.
Judge Hunt handed down- an opinion
yesterday denying the petition of R.
P. Quarg for an injunction restrain
ing the police from interfering with
or arresting him while he is engaged
In the conduct of his business as a
theater .ticket . scalper. The police
acted against him under the recent act
passed by the Legislature making it
a misdemeanor for any person to offer
for sale any theater ticket at "a price
in excess of tha.t charged by the man
agement thereof.
Quarg demanded the injunction on
the ground that the statute Is unconsti
tutional. Judge Hunt holds, however.
tha.t the court has no authority to de
termine the constitutionality of the act
In a proceeding in equity and that the
court has no authority to Issue an in
junction to prevent one's anticipated
arrest for the violation of a nenal
statute. "
The court further holds that the
only way the constitutionality of the
act can be tested Is for the plaintiff to
submit to arrest and determine th«
question In the criminal proceedings
a&alnat him.
Ready to Begin Contest.
The hearing of the contest of the
will of the late Mrs. Bertha Elling
house will begin before Judge Coffey
at 11 o'clock this morning. With the
exception of $50 to her daughter. Mrs.
Emma M. Stone, and a like sum ,to her
son, Edward C. Ellinghouse. the testa
trix left her estate, valued at more
than $10,000, to her son, Oscar. •It
is alleged by the contestants that aut
the time she executed the will Mrs.
Elllnghouse was suffering from senil
ity and was unduly Influenced by the
residuary legatee. The contestants are
represented by Attorneys . Louis P.
Boardman and Samuel M. Shortrldge
and the proponent by Attorney Andrew
Thome.
Boy Suspected of Stealing Coin.
I Mrs. Fred Belasco of the Alcazar
Theater called at the hairdresslng
rooms of Mrs. E. McLean In the Claus
Spreckels building on Tuesday to have
her hair treated. She left her satchel,
containing her purse, in one of the
rooms, and after she had left she dis
covered that a $20 gold piece had been
taken from the purse. She returned
and made her loss known to Mrs. Mc-
Lean, who suspected "William Bynum.
a boy 14 years of age, employed there.
The police were notified and Detective
"Whitaker arrested the "boy, who denied
taking the coin. The boy's mother
says she will, make restitution to Mrs.
Belasco, who will not prosecute \u25a0Wil
liam/
Says Bruce la a Defaulter.
"W. W. Richards, Western representa
tive of the National Publishing Com
pany, with offices in the Callaghan
building, obtained a warrant from Po
lice Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the
arrest of Robert A. Bruce on a charge
of felony embezzlement. Bruce was a
collector for the company and Richards
alleges that he has fled, after embez
zling several thousand dollars. The
amount named In the complaint is $100,
alleged to have been taken on Septem
ber 15. Richards also says that Bruce
took with him all of his wife's money,
leaving' her and their children penni
less. - .
Trouble on a Street Car.
Michael Kostoocak, conductor on a
Halght-street car. complained to Po
licemen Ann ear and Herlihy' on Tues
day night that he had had an alterca
tion with R. H. Hoag of 1010 Halght
street about stopping the car in front
of the Central Theater. The policemen
were informed by other passengers that
the conductor was as much to blame as
Hoag and Kostoocak declined to cause
Hoag'3 arrest. Hoag gave him his
name and addresses and told him if he
changed his mind he could swear out a
warrant.
Steamship Company Win*.
The Jury that tried tthe suit of the
children of the late John C. and Helen
Hampton against the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company for
$100,000 damages for the loss of their
parents when the steamship City of
Chester wen.t down in collision with
the steamship Oceanic found a verdict
yesterday -in favor of the defendants.
This Is the second time the suit has
been tried, the steamship company
winning the verdict on each occasion.
I.ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
FOREIGN FORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Oct IS— Btmr
Keemun. from Tacoma and Victoria for Hong
kong etc and Liverpool: stmr Machaon, from
Tacoma and Victoria for Honßkon*. etc. and
Liverpool; stmr Numantla, from Portland,
Ore, and Astoria, Ore. for Hloeo and MoJK_
HlOGO— Arrived prior to Oct IS— Stmr Ty
deus, from Liverpool via Singapore. Hongrkona-,
etc for Vancouver and Tacoma.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Oct IS— Stmr Empress
of Cblna. for Vancouver via Shanghai. Naga
saki. Kobe and Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAMERS. •
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Oct IS — Stmr Haver
ford, for Philadelphia: «tmr Oceanic for New
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool: stmr Rheln, from Brem
en; Btmr Georglc, from Liverpool.
Sailed Oct 18— Stmr Baltic, for Liverpool;
Btmr Potsdam, for Boulogne and Rotterdam;
stmr Sicilian, for Genoa and Naples.,
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 18 — Stmr Fries
land from Philadelphia for Liverpool; stmr
Saxonla. from Boston for Liverpool, and both
Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm 11. from New York.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Oct 18 — Stmr Kaiser
"Wllhelm der Grosse. for New York.
NAPLES — Sailed Oct 17 — Stmr Cretic. for
New York. i V- \u25a0'. '
~~^ To SAR RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY.
MILL VALLEiV
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Saosallto Ferry.
BUBORBAN SERVICE STANDARD GAUGE.'
Depart week days and Sundays at 7:00 fesl
cept Sunday). 7:45. 8:25. 9:10. 9:50. ivoo aT
S. P : 12:20. 1:43 3:16. 4:35. 6:15. 5:50. 6:3 a
7-15 9:00. 10:15 and 11:35 p. m. *^
'>or Fairfax, week days— 7:4s a. m.. 8 :W
m . (Saturdays only). 5:15 p. m. dally except
Saturday and Sunday;- Sundays and holiday*--
7^45 9:10. 11:00 a. m.. 1:45 p. m. \u25a0 rm
* '. THROUGH TRAINS. '
7:45 a. m. dally — Casadero and way stations
3:15 P. m. Saturdays only— For Cazadero".
* 5:16 p. m. dally (except Saturday and Sun-
day)— For Point Reyes, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market st. .
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
SAJiTA FE THAOS
7 :30 a. m. 1 For Stockton, Merced," Freano, Han-
ford. .Visalla, Bakersfleld and In-
8:00 p.m. -- tennedlate points.
1 California Limited. 3 daya to Chl-
0:30 a.m. ; cago. Mondayß and Thursdays.
Direct connection to Grand Canyon.
' Valley Limited, for Stockton. Mer-
I ced. Fresno, Hanford, Visalia and
9:30 a. m. r- Bakersfleld and points on the Sl-
r '.;.\u25a0: hi,' ; \u0084 erra Railway.
4:00 p.m. (For Stockton and Intermediate
j * points. \u25a0
j Overland Express, for Chicago,
8:00 i>. m. } Kansas ' City. : Denver and Grand
I, .Canyon. , - • . ' \u25a0
Ticket Offices — 653 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco;- also 112 Broadway. Oak-
; \u25a0 land. Cal.; -also 27 South First. San Jo«e.
Mf,TAiyiALPAis Railway
* SITS
Leave S. F. 9:50 a m 1:43 p M
Arrive s - F - I 0:45 A M >2:55 > 6:ti PM
V^^^SiW SiTUMIT 05LT
Lv. S.F. 4:35 pm Ar. S. F. 11:23 pm
SUXSITS iSD LEGAL EOUDITS
,Lt. S. F. 8^5.9:50.11:00 AM 1.45pm
Tr Ar. S. F. 1^0. 2:55, 4:23, 6.-22 pm
HCKT \ 650 Market Scr.,(North Sboreßailroad) ,
I and Sajusaxjto Ferky. Foot Market St :
railway jyj^*3gs£ Jwr^ rui -. r
_^^Z~?^ Train* leuve and ar* da* f
i p^^W SAX -FJRAXCISCO.
I f^OUTtsy / FBOX OCTOBE3 8, 1905.
[ MS^^^KO/ Fkbrt Depot
(Foot of Market Street) -"
I.KATB— MAIN LINE. -ARTUTa_
7.ooAKln»lra,VacaTlllc. Winters. Ilunisey 7.48 P
7 00AlUcfcraond. Uentcia, Sacramento,
Sulsnn and War S satlona 7.28p
740a Vallejo, Xapa, Callstoga, banta
Kosa, Mart! aez. San Uaiaon C.CB*
7.4OaXUc», IMeasantoa. LlTermcre,
Tracy. Latarop. Stoe-Kton 7.23 i»
8-COA Shasta Kxpross — (Via Dayls),
Williams, Willows, -tFrnto, Ued
Blaff, Portland, Tacoma, Seattle. 7-48p
B.ooAl>av!s, Woodland. Knfgnu Landing.
Marysville, Orovllle 7 43p
8.20 a Martinez. Antjocu. Byron, Tracy,
Stockton, Xewman, Lea B.inoa,
t- Mendota, Annonn. Hanf ord, . . nfi
VlBt.Ha. Porterrllle .............. J 4 ; 4 |£
820a Port Costa. Lntnrop. Merced, Mo- r
desto. Fresno. Haaford. VUalia,
Bakersfleld «.48p
8.40 a Kllei, Saa Jose. Llvermore. Stoci-
ton (TMllton). Valley Sprins.
lone. Sacramento, Pi3cerTitle.
Colfax. MarysTille. Red 81uff.... 4.08P
B.4oAOukd3le, Chinese. Jamestown,
Sonora, Tuolumnoand AnKels... 4.03P
9 00a A tlantlc Express— Ogden and East. 4.23p
9.4oa ßichmond. Port Costn. Martin e*
and War Stations (tCoacord) .... 8.48p
10 20a Vallejo. Dally. Xipa, Sundar only 7-43P
10.20aLos Angele* Pasienger— Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Latnrop, Stockton, Merced,
Kaymond. Fresno, Goaben .Tuno-
tlon, Hsnford. Lemooro. Vlsalla,
Bakersfleld, Los Angeles. ....... 7.03*
10.20a El Paso. Kansas City, St. Louis and
Cafcago 7.08P
11-00ATi)e Overland Limited— Omaha,
.« 2» „ Chicago. DenTer, Kansas City... 8.48^
11.40aN!:^. Saa Jose and Way Station*. 2.48p fe
ti-OOPSactinientoßlTer Steamers tH.OOp \u25a0
3-20PPon l;oiltai Marttaez.Byron,Tracy, so,
* M . _ Mt «<ssto. Merced, Fresno 12-03P
3-20PTosew t s and Maxtpoiia Bl? Trees,
Mon<S, y Wednesday and Friday 8.48 a
3.4oPBen!c!». wintera. 6itcramento.
Woodijn^ Knights Landing.
_,_ Mary»jlie and OroTllle 10.43 a
3.4oPllaywar(J. sties, and Way Stations J.4BP
4.ooPValleJo. Vartlnei, San Ramon,
M*n KapajCallsw-^ Santa Eoaa 8-28*
f-92 p^ !les ' TlaT I ac y'., bto^ton. LodL 1028 a
4.4oPHayward, Mies. i. T i n gton, San) t8.48*
Jose, LlTermore..* . \u25a0} Hi «a»
B.OOPTho Owl Limited—^e^nVnVLV, *!
Banos, Mendota, Fresn^ Tulare.
Bakersfleld, Los Angeles^ 8-48*
B.OOp Chicago and St. Lonls Spec»;_Ei
Paso, Kansas City, St. Lou:*v«^ \u0084.»'• •
Chicago ...*..,« 8.43 a
t6.2opHayward. NUesand San Jose 7.08 a
s.2oP Vallejo, Port Costa, Benlcla, Sul-
san. Sacramento 11.28 a
6.oo? Eastern Express— Omaha, Chicago,
Denver. Kansas City. St. Loals.
Martinez, Stockton, Sacramento,
Reno, Sparks. Montello. Ogdea .. 12.485*
6. 20p Tlay-ward. Vies and San Jose 9.43 a
7-00pKeno Passenger— Port Costa, Be-
nlcla, Sul.sun, Elmira, Dlzon,
Darls.Sacramento. Sparks, Tono-
pah, Goldfleld aadKeeler 7.03 a
7.ottPVa!lejo, Crockett and W«y Sta-
tions, Sanday only 11.28 a
B.2oPOresron & California Express— Sac-
•ramento, Marysvtlle. Bedding,
Portland. Pcg?C Pound and East. 8.43 a
9-COPHayward. Nlles and San Jose (San-
dayonly) ~ t 11.48 a
COAST LI N E (Narrow tlaage).
(Footof Maritet Street.)
B.lsa Newark, Centervllle, San Jose, '
Felton. Bonlder Creek. Santa
Crnz and Way Stations 6-53P
t2.lsPNewark. CenterTllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatos, Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crnz and
Principal "Way Stations t10.55A
4.1 SpNewark, San Joso, Los Gatos .... | t^Q;|| A
9w4spHnnters Tratn— (Saturday only) ~-» t *"
\ San Jose and Way Stations £7-S SIP L
COAST LINE (UroaU to««^;. T&
|3f*(Thlrd and Townsend Btreets.)
6.10 a Sau Jogft and Wuy Stations 8-30P
7J)OASan Jose and War Stations 5-40P
8-OOAKew Almaden (Tues.. Frl.. only).. 4*lOP
B.ooa The Coaster— San Jose, Salinas.
Saa Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa
Margarita, San Lnls Obli-pe,
Gaadalape, Gnvlota, Santa Bar-
bara, Saa Buenaventura, Oxnard,
Burbank, Los Angeles 10-33J*
B.OOAGUroy, UuUister. Pajsro, Castro*
vine, Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Sarf. Lorn doc 10.30**
9-OOASan Jose. Tres Plnos. Watsonvllle,
Capltola, Santa Crnz, Pacific
Grove, Salinas, San Luis Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations 4.10*
10.30a Saa Jose and Way Stations 1.205»
I 1 30a San Jose and Way Stations 7.41)p
2.1 5p San Jose and Way Stations 8 36a
S-OOPDeI Monto Express— Santa Clnra,
San Jose, W.:ttonvtUe, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey
Pacific Grove 12.15p
t3.00P1.03 Gn tos, Wright, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
' Narrow Gauge 10.45 a
3.3QPSonth - San Franciscoi San Jose.
GUroy. Hollister, Trea P1n05..... 10.45 a
4.3OPSan Joso and Way Stations t7-6SA \u25a0
t5 OOP Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos, + 9.C"a
{s.3t)PSanJose and PrinclpalWay Stations 59.40 a
6.4spSunset Express— Redwood. San
Jose. Gllroy, Salinas. Paso
- Robles, San Luis Oblspo. Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Dealing;
El Paso, Sew Orleans B.loa
5.45pE1 Paso, Kansaa City, St. Louts,
Chicago 9.10 a
s.4spPsJaro. WatsonTllle, Capitols,
Santa Cruz. Castrovllle. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove , 10»30p
tfi.lsPSan Mateo, Bereoford. Belraont,
San Carlos, Redwood, FatrOais,
Sirnlo Part. Palo A1t0...... .... f3.48A
6-30p8anJose and Way Stations..... ... 6.38 a
8.0 OP Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15 a
1 1 .»\u25a0 OP Sw th San Francisco, Mlllbrae. Bur-
lingame. San Mateo, Belmont;
£an CarJos, Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9.43* h.
1 1 JOP Saturdays only for MayCeld. Moun-
tain View, Sunnyvale. Lawrence.
Santa Clara and San Jose ........ t9.45p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
(Foot of MarKet St.)
f 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5.15 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon, -
tSunday excepted. JSundsy only.
(Monday only.
IDally, and stops at a3 stations on Sanday.
CALIFORNU KORTBVESTEBN RY. Ctt
Tf hiiroa Ferrr, Foot of Market Street.
.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAW RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9 iuo a. m.; 12:33. 3:3%
6:10, 6:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30 a. a.; 12:33. 8:30k 3:KX
8:30 p. m.
SA7T RAFAEL TO SAJf FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:O&. 7:33. 7:50. 9:20 a. m.l
12:50. 3:40. S:00. 5:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 0:05. s:00. 8:10. 9:40 a. m.; 8:« X
4:50, S: CO. B:2O. «^0 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I ArrlT*
San Fran. | Oct. 8. 1903. | Ban rraa.
Week I Sun- I Destlna^ I Sun- I W«rt
Days. I days. | tlon. | daya. \ Day.
7:30 a 8:0O a 9:10 a 8:40 a
6:00 a 9:30 a Ixnado. . 10:40 a 10:29 a .
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 9
5:10 p B:1O p 7:30 p
9:00 al 9:30 al Napa I 9:10 al 8:40 p
5:10 p| 3:10 p| \ 6:20 p| 6:20 »
7:80 a ' 9:10 a 8;4«*
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:23 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 8:-0»
8:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 P ?^£
5:10p Eanta Rosa.
7 . 30 , ~" " 10:40 a:io:23 m
8 :00 a Fulton 7 :30 pi 6 ;20 v
»:SOp 3:3Qp ; '
Windsor
T-JOa 8-00 a Hleadsbur* 10:40 a 10:23 a
L,ytton
8-SOp 3:30 p Geyservlll* i*.3op 6:20 9
I Cloverdale
7-3Oal S-OOat Hopland 110:40 a! 10:23 a
lilopj 3:30 p| and Uklah I 7:30 pf 6:2t> P
"j t Wllllts and j j '-
7:3Oa|S:oOal Sherwood (7:3Op[e:2Op f
-•10 a! 8-OOat 110:40 a' 10:23 *
8:30 p| »:'3Q Pt Gnernevllle t 7:30 pi 6:20 p
T-^sniil 8-OOaf Sonoma 19:10a[ 8:40 a
oilO Pi olio Pt \u25a0 G^h Ellen I 6:00 p> C:2O 0
T-3O al 8-00 al ' 10:40 a[ll>:23 a
3 -30 pi 3 :30 p( Sebastopol 7 :Zx> p 6 :20 P
5:10 PI 5:10 pi '
STAGES - connect a» Green Bra? for Saa
Ouentin- at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
vnrlnzs'-nd Mark West ~ Springs: ac Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at GeysvrvUle for Skajcir*
Sorings- at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon-
viiie and Greenwood; at Hopland for Durcaa
SDrinKs. Hlsnland Spring*. KelseyvlUe. Carls-
old springs. Soda Bay. Lakepot. Bartl-tt
Snrlnss and Lake County Hot Sprinsrs: at Ukiah
for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blu»
I^kes Laurel Dell Laka, Witter Springs, fp-
iZr Lak» Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Lleriy's, Hullvtlle. Orr*s Hot Springs. Hal.»-
wav House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno
City Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at WU-
lits for Hearst and Sawyers: at Shrrwood for
Fort Brags. Cahto. Covelo. LaytonvtUe. Cum-
mines Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubhard. FTult-
lan(^ 'Dyer. GarbervHle. Camp 3. r*»pp«-wood.
Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
' On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st.. Chronic!* build.
lC JAS. AGLER. - . R. XRTAX.
/G»n. Mtnawr Gen. Pas»s. AxiX \d
THE WEEKLY CALL ?
©1 D©r V©au^COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Afaftf York Stocks weaker, on the day. Cotton higher.
Local Stocks and Bonds quiet, iwV/i little fluctuation. .
Wheat steady. Barley higher. Considerable Western Corn in.
Hay and Feedstuffs firm, 'with no material change.
Beans eontimCe to arrive freely from the river.
Wild Ducks declined. Poultry market unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Fresh ] : rnits rendered quiet by cool zvcather.
Seine improvement in the Honey market reported.
Eggs continue to advance. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
SIOXEV, PHOSrERITY AND STOCKS.
The Current Conditions From .the
Ranking Staudpnint.
Henry Ciews. Uh> New Vuik ananclen tays
~U^ \u25a0 "its circular: ""liipre has b«--n a tremendous
tit.;. a upon ocr monetary resources during the
lusi year or two lor leK;ti'"Ht<" purpows.
which is tfkely to coutinu* [or some time to
corae. bton« -r.casure of this is illvstrated in
th» revival ot new enterj. rises. K<t instance,
sintt January 1 Cbe new lncorpfCatlonrs r«
curocd In t«» Eastern states h&\e amounted
t-> *I.US3.«XM.itiK>. comrarrt mit^ fC'H'.<.«JO.HOW
the sa:ne time list year. A wr* oi inieperity
berets a trarc of *xtrava/no«*. which, in
lura.. b«sg(»ts a wave oi p-*iuiation, resmlting
ia a wi.ve ot hiph jinc* .* which finally pro
<Juc*-s & wave ot inert-«" d rates for money*
"Thf-re is plenty o» work at high wages for
will i eg hands. 'It' r«'iro«ds are doing well;
th« shops arr -«** -'duir.s 'wrtl; labor is J'.lr.g
\u25a0"\u25a0C a?»^. of*plg everywhere are living well,
and the D|> exception to this re!«n of pros
i-frlty j* ,ff. uf e insuiance compaai-s. A large
portion 01 the funds guing W«-st «rtll no doubt
rtmain tht-re. «nd the interior bnr.ks will find
«>uch active tnaploynifr.t for thtur balances as
to prevent their return to the Eat-: during the
dull season. A euccesrton of £'«.'d crops is
making the jn:erior txceodlngly pr^sfxrous, co
that conc":t!ons thei-e are very favorable for
the promction of all sorts of schemes and en
ttrjirlf^s — some of them of questionable char
acter, and all of them likely to look up more
ir.oney than usual in that section.
"'Nor is any material help in sight from
tit-road A little gold has be<*n imported, but
Europe is already tightecing her purss strings,
and the prospect of another If-rpe Russian loan
Kill tend to tfelay gold corning this way. Our
bis exports ot grain and of other products
wi u'd encourage gojd Imports, only our pen
trai prosperity is etimu'-aiing merchandise im
111 1 rts and s" lessening the 11^1 f wllj l of bririg-ing
gold. li i» quite cv: :•. r.t that EhouM the
r. nry maikrt need tnncii relief It can only
I.- had through liquidation, and that would
r,-»an lower prict-s for stocks.
While the future is distinctly one of prom
is-, the present is not an opportune time for a
rise, because (1) values have been too high:
"2> money - promises* 19 1»? too dear, and (3)
tart and" railroad agitation are too unsettling
toVwtnlt of any bull carr.pa.ign."
EASTEIiN MARKETS.
Xexv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. On 2S — Mo-.ty on cail, steady,
*C^s ser cent, dosing bid 4V», offered 4H.
Time money. Eteady. 60 days. BVi'gj'i; S>o
diys. s^s^: fix months. I*4 ©3 per o*>nt.
Prime mefcantilf paper. 5^3 5Vi per cent-
Sterilng exctangf. Ftrong. with actual busi
ness in bank<Tsr hiV.s at $4.8iUC34.8*i45 for de
n.and and at $t.S2<i'S4.*27n 'or sixty-day bills.
Pcwd rates. $i S. $4 SG'-*;4 87.
Commercial bills, §4 S2U@4 82%.
Bar silver, €2Hc
Mexican dollars. 47>*<*.
Government bondf, sto-ady; railroad bonds*
jrrecUlar.
»tt York Stook Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. IS.— Business decreased
at the Stock Excharjre agrain to-day, although
It did net tail back to the low level of Mon
day. The market continued to show a ten
dency to immobility or to very narrow fluctua.
tiour with a <Uspasition to return to a given
level. As there was* some- -""arty prciminr'agalnst :
the maiket to-day, the declining tendency was
contested by jjushius up a selected list of
Ptocks. Aroprtcan Locomotive was the feature
of the day, and the indifference of the genfral
market u> «•. conscicuous a feature made a
striking demonstration of the impaseiven<?ss of
V.\r. fi-eculat.on.- This stc<;k has enjoyed a
consiSerabis aUvfnce of late, bat its movement
came 10 a. siod yesterday with the announce
ment of changes in the directorate. Renewed
imjjortiinee se»?m<wi to bfc attached to these
changes to-day, which eliminated a conspicu
ous stock market element from the board by
the substitution of General Electric and United
States Steel representatives. There was abun
<':ant news aisj of the enormous requirements
1 1 railroads ter locomotive*, and in fact all
k;n<is ot equipment. With occasional setbacks
L'-conjctive made successive Jumps •on very
heavy absorption the exuviae advance r ach
inl *s^j Dotata. Other railroad equipment
*W '* and lhe tiectrical industrials snowed
inoi-rate syirpathy. Readinc also made a
Chow cf ejinpathy at one time, in face of the
early depression, and later on current reports
of furtfcer extensive combination of anthracite
Interests. Th^se bup-porting points in the mar
k'-i were of very moderate influence in con
t---snir»§ the geceral sagging tendency. The
6 pproval of several of the day"B rumors p.int
ed to operatiens by a bear clement -In the trad
ir.p. These included reports of the iiiness of
J. P. llorcan and of nnancial flil'ficuities
C'&ufed by ttie col ap?e cf thj t.h cagj subwiy
\u25a0tocks. These rf-ports were 6uffic:enty definite
to cail for uublifched refutations. London was
an active seller here, actuated by the doubtful
money outlook. There was a reaction in dis
count's in lieriin and an advance in sterling
exchange at Paris, and the question of a fur
ther rUe in tbe Hank of England disccunt
rate to-morrow whs left open. The bank has
succeeded in arresting the demand upon Lon
don for gold by raising the price for the metal
a:»d securing open market eupplies for its
vaults. This being the case, the threatened
r!F<» in the bank rate may be averted. The
ftattir.tnt of this country's foreign trade for
i-o^terr.ber threw light on the prevailing
Etrengtß of foreign exchange. The value of
Imports rose more than SIS.OOf'.COO over the
preceding September to $102,135.0;i1, a record
! r a rr:or.tSi's iiajK>rts. At the same time the
va;u« or exjx>rtE increased less than $2,000,000,
leaving the excess value of exr«crts of only !
(33,687*1*91, wMle the trafle balance in our j
favor tor September of last year amounted to j
cvf-r $50,000,000. There were no changes of i
!n-.portanc<» in the local .money market, but New !
Vcrk exctsang«; at «.T.icagu slipped back to par |
aftc-r hevinc ruled at a premium for several i
<!«.;. t-;. The announcement of the closing of a
national bar.k in Allegheny made its lmpres
pion on scr.tiinent.
Tsie -closins Ava* easy, with the general list
Et about tfce lowest.
B->nds were irregular. Total sales, par value,
j?(-.:tcd State* bor<3» -were all unchanged on
Xew York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton & Co., 4JW California street,
Ben Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
Quotations Of that Exchange:
gales.! STOCKS. |High; Low.l Bl<J.( Ask.
.'AdaniS ' Express !230 250
4Q&oo'Arr,al Copper 85% 84U Si\i b4%
]Am Beet Sugar 23 28%
I Do pfd 82 84
" COaAtn Can Co 11 10% 10H 11
500! Do pfd 71»4 70% 71% 71%
lO.OOo'ajh Car & Fdry 3S«» 37% 38 36%
I Do pfd ' ...100 100%
lOujAtn Cotton 0i1..' 31 31 80% 31%
Do pfd ...., 89 KJO
" Urn Dist Tel j j 33 36
tArn Express 1 1222 227
. iAm Crass Twine .! 7 7»4
700 Am Hide & L. ., <s"ij 6H C%| 6%
2Cooi' Do pfd 132 ! 30% 30% 30*4
'100 Am Linseed ....; l»%) 18% 17% 16%
1 I*> pfd j 40« i 41
00 400 An; Locomot»%-e.! C3'4i ZA%\ C 4% C 4%
too; i» r.ta l ll^] ll^! 1 " n4 ,f
!«•« Am Malt ! •>%! 5 J .4 5 5%
2W DO lifd .....--' 24%! 2*V. 2414 25%
l 7 7OO:Am Smelt A Ref!l27li|!2«Hn2««/ f 120%
300 Do pfd 1121 '120T4U21 12H4
2Oo'Am Sugar in3?i!130%j133 ' : IS»%
' Do pfd .......1..-.-! 138 !140
"i'miUm Steel Fdries! IS%\ 12% \ J2% 13
100! Do prd 44 144 !44 44%
iAm Tei & Te1. ..!...:.! 137 140
WuXAAU Tob pfd i!C2 !lO!%ilO2 1M«
1 roC-lAm Wooica ....« »T%) 3S%| 3<i%\ ?.7
1 «r*> p-<J '• ! 102 103
' ' ' cr» A* acolida 118 117%;117% 118
Ann Arbor f .....32 37
Do P'd 1 75 80
;::;;:: Atlantic c .««.] ..... •—j i «i* »«
4 1(K)!A T & Santa Fe SS i 87*1 S«*i 68
ROrtllJopfd ...... -1104141,04 !104%1103
3.loo'nait & 0hi0.... ;i12M,!111»i 112% U2«4
Bay Ptate Gas.. i ! 3-1G \i
iW% R T.. ! 72-4! n»HS J2
.." . FfrunFWif k D&l.i 1..... 145;f 15%
'R"tterick Co 1. ! 5.) i <?2
"iid'^arada Southern! «<!%! ««%! MWi 88%
O.:W»'rana<Jlan Paciflf/niSi !l7f)^|in'4;l7l J4
l.Of^'C & A ! SSH) « JJ «
200' Do pfd 79 78 75 7»
!C & E I pfd.... MO. 139
....... C I & L pfd.... ! 80 I 00
4.400 C & G W 21% 21>4 21} i 21%
I(.h)j Do pfd A 61 14 60 76 76U
500 Do pfd B 35% 3ZVi 35<& 3tJ
! Do Debs ...*. 88 | b«%
jC & N W 217 (218
7,300jC M&St P |179 vi 179 179%i179V*
i Do pfd I i 180 V* 180%
S.GOO.C RI & P (new)i 32% i 32 32 32%
500 Do pfd 78 i 77% 77ft 78
Do 4S4 S 1 83V4 53%
lOO.Chlcago Ter 18 V4 19 18% 19
500] Do pfd 41 140 40 40%
2i-o 'Chicago Un Trac 11% 11% 11% 12
elVj Do pfd 42 41% 41% 42%
C C C & St L. 08% 100
I Do pfd U7 121
Cleve Lor & W 82 00
I Do pfd 105
I,000;Colo Fuel & Iron 45% 45^4 45% 45%
Do Dfd 87 96
LOOO Colorado So 28^, 27% 28 28*4
2OC: Do let pfd «2% C 2 lil% «2V*
Do 2d pfd 42?t! 43U
200Consol Gas IS6 IISS IS4 |155%
I,9oo'Corn Products .. 13% 13% 13%j 13^
300J Do pfd j 54V* 54 53%| 5*
1,300 Del & Hudfcon ..1224 .222% 221% 224
ID L & W 1 1 470 (477
lf«D & X G I 3:i% 33% 53%; 34%
300 Po pfd 87 87 WHi 87^
i Dos M &• Ft D 16 2l>
(Detroit In Ry 01% 02%
j Detroit ScJ 11% 12
150 pfd 41 4.J
(Diamond Match 140% 141
400jD!stil Secur 43^4 43 43% 44
Do bonds 79% 80
jDuluth S S & A 14% 15^4
100 Do ptd 33% 33% 33 34
25,ftOO,Erie 4S^« 47% 47% 4794
&00j Do Ist pfd 81% »1 80% 81
700 Do 2d pfd 71% 71% 71^ 71%
|E & T II 72 77
Do pfd 85 95
Ft W & D C 72 75
Federal Steel 120 124
Do pfd. 97 |97%
,Gen Chemical 70 j 73
20<)! Do pfd 107 Vi 107 106%|107
4.4<-y,Gen Electric ...'IS3 179 IS2 IS3-34
4(A Great No pfd ...J320 318 318 319
jOrwn* Cons Cop | 27% 27%
.Greene Gold . .' 4% 5
Havana Tob Co 2S 30
i Do pfd 37 42'
iHocking Valley BSV4 02
I<V. ; Do pfd 02 02 91%| 92%
40o!lllinois Central .. 179 178% 178V.!175»
Unterboro 1213 214%
Anter Marine 14 14V 4
I Do prd |38 36%
100'lnter Paper 22H 22% 22 22%
I Do pfd ISO 80%
700 Inter Power 53 40 I 48 49
'Inter Pump I 26H 28
I Do pfd 83% 86
lOO.lowa Central .. 29 29 25% 29U
Do cfd 57% 5S^4
; Kanawha & Mch 34% 3S
|XC FtS & M pfdj 55% 86
lOOjKans City So ... 24,% 24%' 25% 25%
i Do Dfd 52% 55
'Keokuk & D M 14 17
lLaclede Gaa pfd 05 110
Lake Erie & W. 1... 33 135
I Do pfd 94 96
Lehigh Valley...) 74 74%
200; Long 151and.....| "6 66 65 67
4.700;L0u1s & Naeh... 151% 151 151 1151%
IMackay 45T4! 46
Do pfd 74 7414
'Manhattan 165%i166i.4
l.<soo;Met Securities. . . So%| SO% $0% 80%
I.7COiMet St Ry 125"<,i125U 125^, 125%
l,so«: Mexican Central. 24% 24 24% 24>4
SCO- Minn & St L 82 81 79 81
...j Do Ist pfd 106 110
500; m, St P&S S M 137% 137 138 137%
.......J Do pfd JlOl |164
C,7C»OiMo. Kan & Tex. 33% 33 | 33% i S,iV*.
500. Do pM 69V4 G9 6&«4 69^4
I,ooo'Missouri Pacific. 103% 102% 103 1103^4
iNash, C&St L 148 150
SOOiNatlonal Lead... 46% 46 46 4«%
I Do pfd '..,104%1105
lOOjNtl R R Mcx pfd 36% 36%| 36% i 39
iNatlonal Biscuit I 54 I 544
) Do Pfd 113 1113%
100, New Jersey Cen. 224 224 [223 1224
500;N V Airbrake... 151% 150 1151% 155
l.fiOONew York Cen.. 149% 148%|145% 149%
400'N V, C&St L. 53% 53^4 53 54
Do Ist pfd 112 120
I Do. 2d pfd « 83 86
I New York Dock 25 26%
N V N H& H 203 205
700N Y. Ont & W. 53% 53% \ 53% 54
1,300- Norfolk & West. 85% 85%| 85% -85ft
lOC Do pfd 192 102 ]90 92
4OC; North American. 97 f97 99% 97
-Northern Sees... IS4 187
2.900 Northern Pacific. 204 1202% 203 203%
Omaha j 185 190
Do pfd 190 200
O S L 4s f 00% 97
.Pacific Coast 104 106
Do Ist pfd 101 107%
I Do 2d pfd I 104 107
I.4WPacifle Mail 46% 46 46>,4 46%
! 28.C0G Perm R R C 0... 143*4 143% 143% 143%
2,0001 People's Gas ]103%|103 103 103%
,P, C, C& St L.{ I SO 81
Do pfd ] 106 112
R,3oo'Preseed Steel Car 46% 46 40 46%
2. 1001 r»o pfd »9 98 08% 95%
100; Pullman Car Co. 253 253 250 253
'hOO.Ry Steel Springs 44% 43V4 45 45ft
lOO Do pfd 103W,!103% 103%j104
I 85,3001 Reading 12*%!121% 121%!121%
200 Do Ist pfd 04 04 I 93% 94
I Do M pfd...: 08 j 98%
C.gOOißepubMc S & 1.. 25% 25 25% 25%
4.300J Do pfd 05 941.4 94 V4 94%
lOOißubber Goods... 37 87 1 36% 37%
! 1 Do pfd 103 106
ICO'Sloss S S & I Co. eOVil 69V4! «9V41 70
j Do pM .' J 110 illl
St J & G 1 14 19
I Do Ist pfd. «0 COH
. JL... : .IStL & SF lßt pfd 77 80
200! Do 2d pfd ... 68% 6S 67% CS%
200 StL & S W ... 24% r3% 23% 23%
3r« Do pfd :. 60% 60,4 co covi
24.5<*> Southern Pac ..68% C 8 CS 65%
I Do pfd 11!)% 120
2.ooo! Southern Ry ... 35% 35% 35% 35%
I.COC! Do pfd 90 OS% 98% f!B%
iStanflard Oil 672 675
istandard R & T 1 1%
SOo|Tenn Coal & I. 65% 85V4 Sr.% f-6
../'.... Texas P L T Co 34% 35
lOO'Texaa Pacific .. 54% 34% 34% 34%
lOOiThlrd .Avenue .. 124% 124% 124% 12T>%
3f«j!Toledo R & T Co 34 33% 33% 34V4
300 Toledo St L & W 36% 36% 30 38%
100 Do pM 06% 56% 56 56%
400 Twin Cty R T. 117 \u25a0 116% U6« 117%
1.200 Union Bag & P 15 f 14% 14% 14%
2f.«0 ! Do pfd 81% 81 81 82
60,D0O;Unlon Pacific .. 131% 131% i:n% ISI%
300 Do pfd 97 97' 06V? OS
Do cost 4s 133% 131%
(United Copper 83% 33%
200<United n of S F 76% 76% 76% 77H
SOO Do pfd 91% 01% 01% 01%
i Do 4s, 89% 89%
500 U S Cast Iron P 37% 37% 37% 38
Do pfd .;... 06% 03%
U fi Express 120 123
U S Leather 14 15%
200 Do cfd 114 114 114 115
U S Realty & C 85 87
lOOIU 9 R & R Co. 23% 25,4 28 30
100 Do pfd C 5% C 5% 05% 63
OOOiU S Rubber ... 52% 51% r.IU 52
I Do pfd 111% 111%,
41.1001U S Bteel Cor ... 37% 37% .17% 37%
17,100 Do prd 104% 103% 103% 104
200;Va-Car Chem Co! 32 31% 32% 32%!
ir.ol Do pfd 106% 106% 105% 106%,
200Wabaah ... ... 21% 21V4 21 22
2001 Do pH 41% 41% 41% 41%
.. Do deb Bs 75 75%
(Wells Fargo Ex 2",5 245
100! Western Union.. 93% 93% 03 03%
2 300!Wf ptinehriupe .. . 171 163% 168 101%
'...) Do Ist pfd 187% ISB'
"' 100 W& LB ...... 17% 17% 17 IS
' Do Ist pM 40 42
Do M Pfd 25 26
"* 300 Wisconsin Cen.. 31, .11%
400 Do pfd 62%| 62 C 2% G3
599.500— T0tal rtiarw? sold.
N>w York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg..lC3%i Japan Cs. 2d ser. 98 |
Do'coupon 1"3% .Tapan 4%5, cert. 00%;
Do Ss re 5.... .103% Japan 4%5, 2deer 03% t
Do coupon 10iV* L& N> unified 45.105 .'
Do new 4s reg.133% Man con gold 45.103% i
Do ccupon 134% Mcx Central 45... 81 ;
Do old 4s reg..l<>»«4. Do Ist mc 25 '
Do coupon.... .lo4%! Minn & St L 4s. 97
Amer Tob 4s 78 IM. X & Texas 45.101%
Do Cs 118% Do 2ds. ....88 \u25a0
Atch gen 4s IC2%'NTI of Mcx con 4s 83 \u25ba
Do adj 4s 03 IN V C pen 8%5.. 03% \u25a0
Atlantic C L 45.101% N J C^gen 55.... 134%
Bait & Ohio 48.10314 Nor Pacific 45... .104% i
Do 3%« 95% Do ,3s ........ 75% *
Central .of Ga 55.110% Nor & W con 4b.101% I
Do Ist 1nc.... 05% O S L refdg 45.. 07
Do 2d inc.... 81 |Pa cony 3%5...:.105 I
Ches& Ohio 4 %e. 108% Reading gen -45... 102% !
Chi& Alton 3%5. Rl%]S L & I M con 58.115% .
C.B & Q new 45.101%|S L & S F ts 4s. 89%
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"-\u25a0'\u25a0.' - \u25a0 \u25a0 '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY/OCTOBER 19, 1905.
1 C,R I & Pac 4s. 83%|St L S W con 4s. S3V4
Do col >5e 0.1 Seaboard A L 4s. 00
C.C.C & SL*n 45.)0':% So Pacific 4s . . . Bi>
Chi Term 45. ...100 | Do Ist 4s. cert. 90%
Colo Midland 4s. 05 |Po \u25a0 Railway 5b... 120%
Colo & So 45... OlVi Tex & Pac 15t5..125%
Colo Ind ss. sr A 729i!T01,5t L & W 4s. 84>,i
Do ss. ser 8.. 71* t | Union Pacific 4s. 105%
Cuba ss, cert... 105V* I Do com' 45. ...134%
Den & Rio G 4s.lol>i IT S Steel 2d ss. 97?4
Dist Securltka 5s SO hvabash lsts . 118%
Erie prior lien 43.101%^ DO deb B .;... 74%
I>O Ren 45..., 94 Western \u25a0Md 45.. 87%
I r VV & D C 15t5.113% W & L Erie 45.. 01 '
Hock Val 4V5...U2 Wis Central 45.. fi" l ,!
i Japan Cs. cert... 09 1 Erie prior lien 4s. 04 I
Xew V'ork Mining: Stocks.
Adama Con 25 Little Chief \u0084 07
Alice 0> Ontario "0
Breece 45 Ophlr 5 37%
Bruna Con ..... 35; Phoenix .:. 01
Com Tunnel 08 j Potosl I 2
Con Va Mln Co. 1 50i Savage ...... -47
Horn Silver '. 1 70? Sierra Nevada.... 27
Iron Silver 3 00; Small Hopes 30
Leadvillo Con ... 06|Standard 175
, UoHtun Stocks iind Bondn. - {
Money — | Wtstlng Common. 87
Call loans 6@6 Mining—
Time loans 5(gC Adventure ....... 9V*
Bonds — . Allouez ......:... 47%
Atchison 43 102 Amal Copper .... 84%
•Do adj 4s 08% Amer Zinc 9.
Mcx Central 4s. 80 Atlantic 27
Railroads — Bingham 31 ?i
Atchison i.. Sim Calumet & Hecla.o7o
Do pfd 104% Centennial 30%
! Boston & Albany.l's7 Copper Range ... 72
j Boston & Maine.l7B Daly West 14
i >3oston Elev ....153% Franklin 19%
Fitcbburg pfd... 142 : Granby b%
Mcx Central 23?;|Isle Royale . 24v6
NY,N H & H. 204 Mass Mining \u0084.. H
! Union Pacific ..131V4 Michigan .... 15%
i Miscellaneous— Mohawk 59
i Amer Arge Chem 22 Mont Coal & Coke :i%
Amer Pneu Tube ti North Butte BO 1 ?*
Amer Sugar 139% Old Dominion ... 28 %
Do pfd 139 Osceola HO
Amer Tel & TteLlCTft Parrot 28
Amer Woolen ... 36* i Quincy 10t%
Do pfd 102% Shannon ....". 8%
Dora Iron & S.. 22 Tamarack 129^
Gen Electric 180 Trinity • «?i
Mass Electric ... 13% United Copper ... 34
Do pfd 50 U S Mining..... 35%
Mass Gas 49%|U S 0i1.;. ....'... 10%
United Fruit ...10614 Utah » 47
Un Shoe Mach. .. 7S Victoria 7
Do pfd 3Ui Winona !10%
U S Steel. 37 V« Wolverine .120
Do pfd 103941
THE COPPER STOCKS.
BOSTON. Oct. IS.— There has been about
3000 shares of North Butte traded In.- Boston
and Montana directors have declared the regu
lar quarterly dividend of $10 per share. Butte
and Boston dividend was declared as usual.
North Butte was quoted at $56 50.
London Closing; Stovkn.
Cons money.... BS 9-16| N V Central.. ...153
Do acct ...SS 11-ltil Nor & Western.. 87%
Anaconda 6^4 Do pfd 05
Atchison 00V4|Ont &• Western.. 55%
Do pfd 107. fennsyhanla 74
Bait & Ohio 114% Kand Mines 8%
Can Pacific 175% Reading " 62>/ 4
I Ches & Ohio 5714, Do Ist pfd 48
Chi Great West. 22Vi| Do 2d pfd 50%
Chi, Mil & St P. 1&4 !So Railway 3tS%
Do Beers 17% i Do pfd 102
Den & Rio G... 34V4|So Pacific 7014
Do pfd S9%| Union . Poclflo ...135V4
Erie 49V4T Do pfd .... 09
Do Ist pfd 83% U S 5tee1........ SS%
Do 2d pfd 74 I Do pfd 106%
111 Central XS4 Wabash .'... 22
Louis & Na5h. ..155 | Do pfd 43
M, X & Texas... 33% 1 Spanish 4s ...... 93%
Bar silver — Steady; 28 11-16 d per ounce. :>. v
Money — 3@3% per cent. \u25a0.:'•.
The rate of discount in the open*market
for ehort bills Is 4 per cent -and for three
months' bills 4@4% per cent.. /
Condition of the Treasury.;-
WASHINGTON, Oct. IS.— To-day's, state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve, shows : Available cash balance, $133,
000,751; gold bullion and coin, $74,325,253; gold
certificates, $4«.5tj5.0e0.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. lh. — COTTON— Our mar
ket opened 7<gtlO up, which proved to be the
lowest of the session. Miss Giles' report was
very bullish, but the local bears all ignored the
report by selling heavily, with the view to
bring about liquidation, but the buying was
first class, and the market ran qp easily some
20 points. Mr. Price was sending around his
. most bearish literature, but It had no effect
on the market. The reports from the gins
show that the cotton is not coming In as last
as expected In the northern and central por
tions of the Western belt. Farmers • seem,
more Inclined to hold, "and it Is a growing be
lief that the large receipts recently represent
cottcn that was sold higher up.
Mlus Giles figures the crop at 10,300,000
bales, and gives the condition at 67, against
72.5 last year.
Futures opened firm. October, ».3Cc bid: No
vember, 0.45 c bid; December, 0.64 c; January,
0.75 c; February, 9.82 c; March, 0.80 c; April.
O.OSc bid; May, 10.02 c.
Futures closed steady. October, 9.62 c; No
vember, 9.65 c; December, 9.82 c; January,
9.02 c; February, 9.95 c; March, 10.09 c; April,
10.15 c; May, 10.18 c.
Spot closed quiet, 15 points higher. Middling
Uplans, 10c: Middling; Gulf. 10.-sc. Sales,
7u> bales.
Xew Yorlc Grnln and Prodnce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. — FLOUR — Receipts,
22,600 barrels; exports. 19,700. Firm with light
U WHEAT— Receipts, 27,900. Spot, firm; No.
2 red, 01% c elevator and 93% c f. o. b. afloat;
No 1 Nqrthern Duluth, 95% c f. o. b. afloat.
Reports of serious damage by -locusts, in * Ar
i gentina had a bullish effect on wheat tifcie s
to-day, most of whom were short. The market
was firm all day and closed %@%cr net higher,
aided by light Northwest receipts and a good
cash demand. May, 00 0-ieS9l%c, closed at
91f£c; December. 91 7-16S*J2 7-16 c. closed at
92% c. ' . . :>'
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady. \u25a0
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
closed steady, net unchanged to 5 polnta higher.
Sales were reported of 56,000 bags, Including
December, 0.75g6.80c; March, 7.05@7.10c; May,
7.25i57.30c; July, 7.40 c; August, 7:60 c, and Sep
tember. 7-.5C#7.55c „„...„
Spot— Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, 8 9-16 c;
mild., quiet; Cordova. 10® 13c. .
SUGAR— Raw. quiet and steady; fair re
fining, 3c; centrifugal, 90 teat, 3%c; molasses
sugar, 29ic. Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Unchanged. .
CHEESE— Unchanged. . .
EGGS — Unchanged. . •<»-..•
DRIED FRUITS.' "
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market shows
little chance. Recent sales of prime fruit for
December delivery are reported at 7%c, but
supplies for immediate delivery are very firmly
held. Common V> Rood are quoted at 4%@
tic and prime at 7%@7%C
PRUNESj— Are in small supply on epot, and
prices are firmly held at from 4%c to 7V4c,
according to trade.
APRICOTS — Are quiet and firm. Choice ar«
quoted at 8V«@0c; extra choice, 914&994 C, and
fancy at 10<&ll%c. " ; '
PEACHES — Are practically out of Immedi
ate supply, and It Is reported that packers on
the coast are disposed to hold on to remaining
RAISINS— Are firm. Seeded grapes are said
to be selling well at full prices. \ Loose mus
catels are quoted at 0%@7%c; seeded raisins,
&V4<&B%c, and London layers at $1 15@1 20. ..
Xew York-Metal Market. '
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— The London tin mar
ket wa» about 5s higher. with! spot closing at
£14S 17s 8d and futures at i:I4S ss. Locally ,
the market continued very quiet, but bid prices*
were advanced in sympathy with the' firmer
tone abroad and spot closed at $32 50@32 ~sj>er
Copper was somewhat irregular abroad, clos
ing at £72 10s for spot and £71 for. futures.
Locally the market showed little change and
business Is very quiet with some dealers said I
to be less firm in their views. Lake Is quoted
at $10 37%@10 75. electrolytic $16 25@>10 32%
and casting $16@1C 37%. .
Lead was unchanged In the English market,
closing at £14 183 Od. Locally the situation
Is about as recently reported, j Spot supplies
are sesree and held all the way from $5®
5 50 the quotation being largely nominal. in
the absence of business. . Supplies for shipment
in thirty days are quotedat $4 85 in lots of
Spelter was again higher in London, closing
at £"S 12a 6d. The local market- was also \
firm -and higher, being influenced by export:
talk. Spot was quoted rat $6 10@«- 20. - :-,.- i
Iron was Irregular, abroad, closing at 52s. Cd
for standard foundry and at j 54s for Cleveland
warrants. Locally iron was firm: and « higher.
No 1 foundry Northern is quoted at $18ei8 50,
No 2 foundry Northern at $17 50® IS; No. 1
foundry Southern at *VTSO©IS 25, No. 1 foun
dry Southern soft at $17 70@18 25, No. 2 foun
dry Southern at $17®17jT5^ . ' /
Kew York Dry ; G00d*. .'...-•\u25a0•/ j^T
NEW YORK Oct.. IS. — The dry Rooda^mar
ket to-day was generally quiet; althaffh. the
action of the Fall River manulactur rs In ad
vancing wages, together wish- th» restoration
of wages- by Mr. Borden,' influenced- a', g:od
many sellers to greater firmness." J Buyerß . were
conservative, but recognized the scarcity, which
existed on many lines. Jobbers trade was of
fair volume. . . ,
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provision*!. ;
- CHICAGO, Oct: ?. 18.— The "Cwhtat '; market
opened firm, December being up a shade to
UffiUc at 8694 @SG!£c. " General; rains; over -a
large part of the United States formed the
chief source of firmuejs. Our.ng th±, firs:
half-hour t.«e market txpsrianeed ai ea.ier
tone owing to sell.ng by ccmm.isbn i.ou3iss
and by tue hading long. . For December the
lowest point ot tee d.iy was r«aohid &<.' &OV4-'-
Upon withdrawal of offerings irom thi bull
leader the market quickly r=cov c re I- Us ta.-.y
lltmneis and With re.siste.-.t- buy.ng by : <ho t*
flrmne-a w.b **PP ai.t.d by d.c a d> tt en^ h.
The dctnund from biiorts- was the cut
come of a report from Itoiar.o claiming tnat
;locusta are making serious ln.oads m the crops
in the province ot Santa Fe. Strength of cas.i
wheat in \ the \u25a0 Northwest helped tt> t timulat j
demand for options here. Late in ttfe cession
the market was furthe. 1 ttret.g.heatd bj r a ie
port to the effect that famine Is th.eaie.ed l-i
parts |of India on account drouth., ihs
highest point of the session for December
was touched \at 87& C. Ths market clo ; el
btrong, with Dyeembir up %c at B?@Br'.-ic. =\u25a0\u25a0
Corn was firm throughout. - December close!
practically unchanged at 44%@44%c.
Excellent export and shipping demand ;co.i
tinues to be chief inlluencea in | the oit mar
ket. December closed : Va c hither -at 2- c.
Provisions were a trifle easier- on m d ra'e
proflt-taking in Ootob^r products. Thi Jar.u
ary option for pork, lard and ribs each closed
a shade down, from yes.erday.
The. leading futures ranged as follows: :
Articles — - i .Open. High.. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2—* .
December ..... 8(5% 87^4 86V3 87
May '. 87% &7% 87V 4 ..87%
Corn No 2 — .
October 60 60% 50 50%
Dec. (old), . 45% \u25a0 45Mi 45% 45^
Dec. (new)..... f**% 45 44% 44%
May ........... 44% 44% 44y 4 44%
Oat* No. 3—3 — \u25a0
O»tob?r •••• • — •••• 29'
December 29 2»H 2ST6 . 29 \u25a0
May Sl% 31% 3li| 31V4
Mess Pork, per bbl — " ' „ '\u25a0•
October 16 05 16 20 16 05 16 20
January 12 50 12 52% 12 45 12 50
•Octt£?r "V 12% 705 7 12%
November 7 10 7 12% 7 07% 7 12%
January . 680 * 6 82% '6 SO 6 82%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— '\u25a0 _ •
CWober 800 800 705 795
January ....... 6 52% fi 55 . 6 52% 655
May ... ........ 6 72% n 72% 6 72% 6 72%
Cash Grnln and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Oct. \u25a0 IS.— Cash quotations were
as follows. 1 Flour, firm; No. H spring wheat,
85@S7cTno. B/7G«B5c; No. 2 red. 86%@87%c;
No 2 corn. 52«-52V6c: No. 2 yellow, M@s4%c;
No. 2 oats. 2Uc; No. 2 white. 2S^@3oy*c; No.
a white. 28%®29&c; No. 2 rye, 68^^890;
good feeding barley. 36%@37c; fair to choice
malting.v4o@46c; No. 1 flax seed. 03o; No. -1
Northwestern, 9»c; mess pork, per bbl, $16®
16 12^c- lard, per 100 lbs. $7 12^c; short
ribs-sides Oooee), $755@7 95; short clear sides
(boxed), $B@B 25c; whisky, basis of high wines,
C ° ntmCt Shipments.
Flour! blrrels 39,300 18,000
Whfjit hushcls 95,000 27,300
S)™ bushels .::::::::.. :»:soo • 84o.«o
Oat. \u25a0 bushels • .642.800 195,500
Rye. bushels - if'°s2 £2°°
Barley, bushels 21.1C0 9,700
Butter, Cheese and EgTS"*
CHICAOO, Oct. 18.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
Smeries, 17M,@21*c; dairies, 16^@19c.
Eg~3 firm at mark, cases included, 17% c;
firsts, 20c. Cheese, firm. IU4@U%C.
EASTEItX LIVESTOCK MARKET.
<9bieaso.
• CHICAGO. Oct. 18.— CATTLE— Receipt^
24 000 head. Market steady. Beeves. $3 70®
6 30: cows and heifers, $1 25@4 50: "tockers
and feeders, $2 15®4 30; Texans, $J 40@4 50;
Westerns, $3 25@>4 *>«.
HOGS-^-Receipts, 25,000 Kead; to-morrow,
31 000 head. Market steady to strong. Mixed
and butchers, $4 »5©5 57%; good $525
l&5 55; rough heavy, $4 So®s 05; light, $5 15®
5 45; pigs, $4 75@5 25; bulk of sales. $5 10®
5 SHEEP— Reclpts. 32,000. Market steady.
Sheep. $4@5; lambs. $4 75@8.
Kansas City, j
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Oct. 18.— CATTLE—
Receipts 15,000 head. Market steady. Native
isteers $i®6; native cows and heifers, $I'7s@
4 75- 'stockers and feeders, $2 50^4 25; bulls,
$203; calves. $2 30® 6 25; Western steers,
$2 fco@4 50; Western cows, $2@3.
HOGS— Receipts. 11,000 head. Market steady
to strong. Bulk of sales. $5 13@5 22%; heavy,
$5 15®5 27%; packers, ?5 15@5 22%; pigs and
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000 head. Market strong.
Muttons, $4@5 25; lambs, $5 50@7 50; range
wethers. $4 50@5 25; fed ewes, $3 50@4 60.
) .' Omaha. v '
OMAHA Oct. 18. — CATTLE — Receipts,
6000 head. Market steady. Native steers.. s4^
5 SO- cows and heifers, $2 75@4 50; Western
steers, $3@>4 80; Texas steers, $2 75@5; cows
and heifers. $2®3 50; \u25a0 cftnners, $1 75@2 00;
stockers and feeders. $5 25&4 10; calves, $2 50
@5 25- bulls and stags, $2@3 50.
HOGS — Receipts 7000 head. Market steady
to strong. Heavy. $5@5 25; mixed. $5 15@
5 20; light. $5 10@5 30; pigs, $4 50@5; bulk-of
sales $5@5 20. : :.
SHEEP — Receipts, 13,000 head. Market
strong. Westerns, $5 25@5 00; wethers, $4 75
@5 25; ewes, $4 50®5; lambs, $6 75.@7 10.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
•Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 6 10% 6 0%
Closing 6 IQ% 6 10
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 23 15 23 75
Closing '• 23 05 23 65
Flour—
Opening 30 SO 31 SO
Closing 30 75 31 30
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOUIS Oct. 18. — Wool tteady; meilum
grades combing and clothti g 26%<g>Jlc: 1 ght,
fine. 22@27c; heavy, fine, 10@23c; tub washed,
33®42c. _______
' Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. 1 ,
PORTLAND. Oct. 18. — WHEAT— CIub. 72c;
bluestem. 75c; valley. 71@72c.
WASHINGTON.
/tACOMA, Oct. 18.— WHEAT— lc higher;
bluestem, 76c; . club. 73c; red, 60a
Northern Business.
TACOMA,.Oct. 18.— Clearings, $489,766; bal
ances. $23,053. .
SEATTLE. Oct. j 18. — Clearings, $1,344,365;
PORTLA ND; Oct. 18. — Clearings, $851,417 ;
balances, $104,401. .
BPOKANE, Oct. 18.— Clearings, $682,218;
balances. $100,213.
LOCAL. MARKETS.
\u25a0-. Exchange and Bullion.
— LOCAL.'
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — #1 S3
Sterling Kxchange. eight — @t 86%,
Sterling Exchange, cables — ' @"4 87%
New York Exchange, eight .... — @ 03
New York Exchange, telegraphic <& 05
Silver, per ounce 62%@ —
Mexican Dollars, nominal — , @ 47%
: > INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 5.16%
New Tork on Mexico 202
Paris on -London ."...' £5.1tt%
Berlin on 'London 20.45
Wheat and Other Grains.*
WHEAT — Chicago was fractionally higher,
with a good deal of foreign bullish news re
ceived. Liverpool futures were stronger. J •
In " this market the cash Wheat continued
steady and unchanged.. Futures were active
and steady in • tha forenoon, opening higher,
but falling back somewhat . again.
CASH WHEAT. ' ,v ;
California Club,' " $1 40®l 455--*"Callfornla
White Australian, $ltO®l psf."lower grades of
California Wheat. $115@r 30; Northern Club,
spot, $1 4001 42% : Orthern Bluestem, $1 43®
1»47%; Northern^Hed, $1 32%@1 35 per, ctl.
J \u25a0 \u25a0 FUTURES. .
w 0 to 11:30 a. m.'
_>^ Open. High. Low. Close.
Daeember ...?1 39 \u25a0:-; $1 30i4 ( $1 iiS%< $1 38%
\u25a02*" , 2 . p.. m. . Session.
December— sl 35% .
May— sl 41 bid, $1 41% asked. ,
BARLEY— The .cash grain advanced " again
yesterday, "« with almost all handlers asking
$1 15 for choice bright Feed.", with a sale of
250 sacks at this: figure. At the same time a
lot of 1200 sacks, strictly choice, t 6old at
$1 12%. There was an order for 600 tons of
Chevalier on the market, which shows an Im
proving, demand for: this' description, , which'
has been neglected for a long time. Of the
large receipts of 55,770 ctls, seen elsewhere, '
50,100 were on a vessel down from Port Costa
with "a. cargo, and will," not'
figure on the market, • -< , • \u25a0
Futures were active and strong In the fore
noon at a slight . advance.-;^-" . '. r * - , >,--'\u25a0'
• ; iCASH BARLEY.. : ' '".1j
Feed, $1 05®l" 10 ,Xof"; common and $1 12%®
*1 15 for good to ,cHoice: new Brewing, $1 16<4
©1 17 V- ; Chevalier. $1 1601 20 per ctl.
.". J^"- \u25a0 •• FUTURES.
*/r'< Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.; j
jr Open. V High. 8 "; - Low. • Close.
December ...SII3U ?1 13% ,$1 13% $1 I3fc
iMay ........ 115 , 115 115 115
.2 p. " m. ' Session.
December — $1 " 18%. .', \u25a0/. *. ' .\u25a0;
\u25a0\u25a0 May — $1 15. , , - „• . \u25a0 -. . *
OATS— Another good-sized line came in from
Oregon yesterday. : The market is well supplied
and : unchanged, \u25a0'\u25a0 with ; the usual < demand. \u25a0- - :
- Red. ?1 -35@1 , 60 for ' choice. Jl 25#1 32% for
fair to good and $1 ; 15@1 22% for common;
Black . $1 * 50@l 75 for \u25a0 good to choice for I seed
end down'to- $1 25; for ordinary feed;- White."
SI 85@1 47%;:, Grays," nominal, v \u25a0 * - -.: "\u25a0\u25a0.:\u25a0 -
;<. CORN — Receipts . yesterday % were "\u25a0 2728 > ctls,'
tho largest for, a" long : time. The i bulk-i of it
was ; \u25a0Western. I.-,1 '.-, and y more >Is on Uhe way from
this : latter v source.' ; The ' 6pot \u25a0: market \u25a0' rules
firm and, unchanged. •:?\u25a0 \u0084 \u25a0 -.: J : >
: .Western sacked.' $1 40@l 50 for Yellow,
$1'32%@1 37% for White and fl 40@l 42% for
Mixed; California large Yellow, nominal;
small round do, $1 60@l 65; White, nominal;
Egyptian, $1 40@l 50 for White and $1 35®
1 40 for Brown. \u25a0 ...• \u25a0
RYB- $1 42%@1 52% per ctl. The inside
quotation Is for Eastern: ; • . .
BUCKWHEAT— SI .7S@2. 2S per ctl.
\u25a0 Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR— California* Family Extras. $4 80®
6 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7&g5:
Origon and Washington, $3 75@4 25 per bbl
Farinaceous goods— rrices in packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100
lba; Rye Flour. $3 75; Rye Meal, $3 cO; Rice
Flour, $8; Corn Meal. $2 75; extra Cream do,
$3 75; Oat Meal $4 50@4 75; Oat Groats, $4 75;
Hominy. $3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $1 50®
4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; \u25a0 Farina. $4 SU:
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbla,
$7@S; in sacks. $6 50@7 50; Pearl Barley, $6;
Split Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green I'eas, $5 50 per
100 lbs. . : - -O.rv- :-j \u25a0_\u25a0-..,
Hay and Feedstnffs.
Rolled 'Barley rules strong In sympathy with
the rising raw grain. Bran and Middlings are
also firm, with light offerings. There is more
demand for/ the lower grades of Hay and,
while there is no change in the range
of the market, '.some of these lower, grades are
bringing about $1 per ton more than they did
a week or - ten days ago. ' The circular of
Somers & Co. says: • • > -
"Total receipts of Hay for the week just
ended amount to 2750 tons, or 400 more than
for the week preceding. Shipments were con
siderably augmented by Monday's arrivals of
56 cars, the heaviest shipments by rail for two
or three weeks. This would seem to indicate
that the car scarcity has been relieved some
what, but an investigation • discloses the fact
that there was ! an accumulation of Friday's
and Saturday's shipments, which resulted in
this large number of cars for Monday. . . - .; '
"The situation is unchanged in every way,
for the demand for choice grade goods con
tinues for retail purposes and a rather Black
demand for the medium grades. The range
of prices is probably the greatest that we have
experienced for several - years, being practi
cally from $5 50 to $16 50, although there la
hardly one car out of a hundred that will bring
the latter figure. , \u25a0 '
"Future prospects are unchanged, although
if we do not have rain soon there will be a
certain uneasiness, which may result in .an
active demand and higher prices for all grades
of Hay. '-To sum up, however, we have simply
to state that the market will be regulated by
daily arrivals, which in turn will depend on
the supply of cars afforded by the Southern
Pacific Company."
BRAN— $23@24 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S26 50(§29 50 per ton.
SHORTS— S23©-24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $24®25;
Cocoanut Cake at mill, $20 50; jobbing,
$21; Cocoanut Meal at mill, $20 50; Jobbing,
$21; Corn Meal, $30<g>30 50; Cracked Corn.
$30 50@31; Mixed Feed. $23@24; Horse
Beans, $30® 40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 900
per ctl • Calfalfa Meal, carload lots. $21; job
bing, $22 50 per ton; Mealfalfa. $18 in car lots
and $20 for smaller quantities.
HAY— Wheat, $11 50@16 50; Wheat and Oat,
$11515 50; Oat, $9@13 50; Barley and Oat, $8®
12; Barley, $8@11; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@11;
stable. $t>sB; stock, $5@7; Alfalfa, $6 50f § 50
per ton.
STRAW-^3o@soc per bale.
Beans and Seed*.
Yesterday's receipts of Beans were • 6365
sacks, making 28,714 thus far this week. The
only change is a further decline in Pinks,
which are a large crop this year and are
coming in freely.- -The crop of small White
is turning out much smaller than expected in
the southern part of the State, but the quality
of the Beans is reported excellent.-- .
BEANS — Bayos, $3#3 25; Pea, $3 25<g'3 50;
Butter, $3 50; email White, $3 10®3 30; large
White, $2@2 45; Pink. $18002 10; Red. f3 85@
4- Lima, here, $3 25®3 40; Red Kidneys, $3 50®
3*75; Blackeyes, $4 40® 4 50 per ctl; . Horse
Beans, $1 50. .
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 75; Yellow,
Mustard, $3 50@3 75; Flaxseed, nominal; Ca
nary, «%@«%c: Alfalfa, 12c; Rape. 2@2%c;
Timothy. s&c; Hemp. 3%c per lb; Millet. 2%
<S3Vic- Broom Corn Seed, $20021 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, \u25a0, $1 75@2 10; Green
Peas. $1 50@2. \u25a0 . .
Potatoes, Onionn and Vegetables.
In the Potato market fancy Salinas \u25a0 Bur
banks were in good request and firm, while
the general runt'of supplies were neglected
and prices of such were low and irregular.
River goods continued dull, with stocks'stead
ily accumulating. Onions ruled firm at . un
cnanged quotations. -
Aside from some improvement . in prices of
Tomatoes and Lima Beans, there was nothing
new to report In miscellaneous vegetables.
Fresh arrivals of other* descriptions found a
ready outlet at steady prices.
POTATOES — River Whites. 40@65c per ctl;
Salinas Burbanks. 90c(Jf$l 20 per ctl; Sweet
Potatoes. $1 25@1 50 per ctl.
ONIONS — Y«llow, 75<g90<i per ctl,
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 4@sc per lb;
String and Wax Beans, 2&@3V4c per n>;
Lima Beans, 4#4%c , per lb: Tomatoes,
60<&75c per box: Slimmer Squash. Ssc<gsl
per box : Cucumbers. 40®63c per box; Cabbage,
60c per ctl; Carrots, sCijr6oc per sack: Garlic.
s}i@6c per lb; Egg Plant, 40<@60c per box;
Green Peppers, 40'805c per -box; -Green Okra.
SOtgCOc per box* Marrowfat Squash, $7 50@10
per ton; Hubbard Squash. $10 per ton. :.
Poultry, and Game.
A car of Western Poultry came In to a
leading retail firm and another car was re
ported close at hand for the wholesale market.
Receipts from domestic i shipping points . .were
liberal and the market was easier in tone,
fancy youngr stock alone showing any firmness.
Small, scrubby Hens were very weak. Arri
vals of Game were lighter > than, on the pre
ceding day, but the demand was less urgent,
and all kinds of Wild Ducks, except Canvas
backs, were quoted lower. -
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 20@22c per lb for
old and 22<©25c for young; Geese,- per pair, $2;
Gqsllnga $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $4 50@5 50 per
dozen for old and $4@6 for young; Hens, $4@
450 for small and $6@7 for large; young
Roosters, $5@5 50; old Roosters, $4 50® 5;
Fryers, $3 50®4; Broilers, $3@3 50; Pigpons,
$1 25@1 50; Squabs, 42@2 25.
GAME — Per dozen — Mallard Ducks, $4@5;
Canvasback. $5@7; Sprig, $3@3 50; Gray Ducks,
$2* Teal, $2; Widgeon, $2: small Ducks,
$1 75- Gray Geese. *3; Whltd Geese. $1 25@1 50;
Brant $2 for large and $1 50 for small; Hare,
$2: Cottontail Rabbits, $2 60; Brush Rabbits,
$1 50. . \
Batter, Cheese and Eggs.
Firmness continued to characterize all three
descriptions yesterday. \u25a0 choice lots being well
Cleaned up. \u25a0 Eggs -were' still higher, with a
sharp decrease In receipts, but there was no
further advance In Butter and Cheese. Dairy
Butter has a wider range and Is being affected
by the competition of Bastern and cold storage
goods.
Receipts were 33,500 lbs • Butter, 434 cases
Eggs and 1200 lbs Cheese. '
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 30®31c
for extras and 2S@2oc for lower and . medium
grades; dairy. 24@2Sc; cold storage, 22@24c.
latter figure for extra creamery; store Butter,
slc; Eastern, 24@24i4c per lb. fV . • ;
CHEESE— Choice, 13@13iic: fair to good,
12@12%c; Young 1 Americas, 13%@14c; Eastern,
15{M6c per lb. •. ' '
EGGS— Ranch, 42%@43V40 for large white.
39@41c for fair to rood and 37i*@38o. for the
lower grades; cold storage, 26@2Sc; store Egg?,
nominal; Eastern firsts, 24®26c; seconds, 20®
22% c per dozen. ._ i-
Deciduous and -Citrus Fruits.
"/Local trade In fresh fruits was of average
proportions and choice Berries 'and most kinds
ot orchard | fruits ruled firm at stiff prices,
•while Melons and Grapes were easy at lower
rates. The cool weather operated against
trade in Melons and a good portion of the day's
arrivals were stlllr.uncared for at the -close.
Receipts of ! small packages of table Grapes
were lighter , than uaual, - but -\u25a0' there was a
heavy carry-over *on hand \u25a0 and \u25a0 prices i ranged
lower, ; there? being no demand ' for \u25a0 shipment.
Large boxes were In good ' supply and weak,
except for fancy. Muscat.- Receipts .of Wine
Grapes consisted of small lots of' poor quality
stock, which met with clow sale at irregular
rates. - The ' second crop has been pretty well
gathered .in all sections. The Apple market
remained weak, with supplies far in excess of
the demand.' Th« f situation |in Citrus -fruits
was unchanged, • choice Valencia and interme
diate- crop. Navel Oranges being firm, while
Lemons and Limes were weak. The Java
Seedling Oranges received from Jamaica : some
days ago are meeting with very slow sale, the
fruit being too green to attract buyers. Ba
nanas were closely cleaned up and what few
were - : offering . commanded high : prices.. '
'\u25a0 Cranberries' are quiet and the market is lib
erally, supplied with them. \ • ' ---\u25a0\u25a0--
STRAWBERRIES — Per chest— Longworths,
$G@S; large varieties, $3 50@4 60; Santa Clara
RASPBERRIES— Per chest. $7@lo.
BLACKBERRIES^-Nominal. , .
HUCKLEBERRIES— SiglOc per Ib.
-* CRANT3ERRIES— Cape Cod. : $BSIQ 50 per
bbl; Oregon, $33? 3 25 per box. •'•\u25a0 . '. ,
"APPLES — 85c@$l per box for fancy and 40®
75c for common to choice.. -'. \u25a0 • \u25a0
PEACHES— SmaII boxes, 90c@$l; carriers,
00c(?$l ItCM-'rZ" : -\u25a0 \u25a0' ' " : •
PEARS— Bartlett. $2@2 50 : per box; - Win
ter Nellla, isl 25@1 BO per, box; other varieties,
75c©$l 25 per ? box.* . .: : \u25a0 \u25a0
-PLUMS — 75c@fl per -box or crate. .
: POMEGRANATES— 60@75c for small and
SI 75(g2 50 for large boxes. " / '•\u25a0.•-\u25a0\u25a0': '• •* '•
PERSIMMONS— BSc@SI 25 per. box
FlOS— 7f>c@sl 75 per-bor. '. v
- QUINCES— 7Sc@SI per box.
;MELONS—Cantaloupes,sl#2 per crate; Nut
meg h Melons, 50ci5$l-- per box; Watermelons,
$1 50®2 60 per dozen. '\. . \u25a0 ; - i
\u25a0 I GRAPES— SmaII -' packagres — Muscat. 40@75c ;
Black, \u25a0\u25a0• So@6Oc- ; Tokay,^ 40(5'75c; >' Svreetwater,
40@50c: Isabella,; Jl@l 2Sa; l Cornlchon,,-75@90cf
Large boxes — Black, 60c@$l ; Tokay, » 75c@$l ;
Muscat, . $I@l 50; Cornlchon,^ $I@l 25;. Wins
Grapes, Zinfandet. $20®25 per ton; other va
rieties. -.; $15020 per \u25a0 ton. -
CITRUS ' AND TROPICAL j FRUlTS—Or
anges;. Valenclas,s2@-l 50 per box: 'Navels, -J4©
4 25; s Lemons, ; $l@3 60; Grape Fruit. $2 50®
3 50' f. Mexican * Limes, =- $4@4 50 per \u25a0 case : . Ba
nanaa,;Hawaiian, nominal^ Central? American,
$2 Bo@3-50iper - bunch;' Pineapples, .. f2®3-,per
dozen. ...'••. '" ' \u25a0 \u25a0 ::V^:
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Rnlslns and Honey.
'<\u25a0 The ~ y . condition :1 of "' the \u25a0 Ea* tern : ; market* • for
Fruita >Is '\u25a0\u25a0 a reflection of ,' the situation : here.
The latest mail advices from New York say:
"Quiet - conditions Drevail In I the market for
coast Dried Fruits. Buyers have a good deal
of stock due them on contracts for early ship
ment and are disinclined at present to enter
Into further engagements, especially as price*
are on an unusually high basis: Holders .on
the coast are not disposed to make concessions,
as, according- to all accounts, their unsold
etock is smaller than It has been for many
years at this period. The only article on the
list of California products in- which more than
passing interest U manifested at present is
Raisins." ••"< —:-\u25a0 r vts»fe»3 ' **• ~
A rather better" demand Tor Honey Is re
ported. Most of the comb * now arriving Is
amber and light amber, and strictly choice
\u25a0white would bring' somewhat over the quota
tions. The Nevada product is now coming in
and -the crop In that State Is reported smaller
than expected.
FRUITS — Apricots, 7 U@loc for Royals and
BH®l-'c for Moorparks; Peache», Sc for stand
ards, B We for choice, 9c for extra choice and
»%@loc for fancy- Pears, 7H©I2VjC; Nectar
ines. 7Ms©B&c for white and 7Vi@7%c for Red:
Plums, pitted. 6@7c for Black, 7g9c for Red
and 7@<te for Yel!.ow; Silver' Prunes. 7gS%c;
Evaporated Apples 7@SV£c: sun-dried, pe r
lb; Figs, boxes, 60c for. choice;- 55c for. extra
choice- and Uo^t-5c for fancy; bulk -white, 2*;@
4c per lb: black. 2%@3c.
PRUNES— OId crop. 2®3Uo per lb basis for
the four sizes and 3U@3£:C basis for the large
sizes. New crop Prunes, 3U@4c basis for the
four sizes (60-100) and 4@4Vic basis for the
large and small sizes. '
RAISINS — Locwe. 4-crown. 6%c per lb;3
crown. 6c; 2-crown, 5%c. Seeded Raisins —
Fancy. 16 ounces, SV«c; fancy, 12 ounces, 6%c;
choice. 16 ounces, Sc; choice. 12 ounce*. C%o;
Imperial Clusters, J3 per,2o-lb box; Dehesas,
52 50; fancy. \u25a0 $2; 3-crown ! London Layers.
SI 50; 2-crown, $1 40 : seedless standard loose
Muscatels, 414 c; same floated. 4*4 c; seedless
Sultanas, s#7c; Thompsons, G^c; bulk fancy.
OS 1014 c: bulk choice. Sc; standard. 7c. \u25a0 \u25a0
NUTS— Almonds: Nwnpareilß, 14H@15c: I.X
L. 13i@!13%c: Ne Plus Ultra. 12^@13c; Drakes.
lli-j and Languedoc, 10U©llc; New Walnuts.
No. 1 softshell. 13c; No. 2 Oc; No. 1 hard»hell.
12^c; No: 2. SMtd Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern;
Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50®5; Chest
nuts. 10@12i4c per lb.
HONEY— Comb, 10%@11%c for whit* and
B@loc for amber; water whit» extracted. 6®
6%c; white. 4%®5%c; amber. -4@4Hc; dark.
; Hawaiian, 2ff2^o for extracted.
BEESWAX— 27fi 29c per lb. '
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12}4c, per lb for
heavy, 12% c for light medium. 13^@14c \u25a0 for
light, 14@14 He for extra ll«ht and lfiH'fflTc
for sugar-cured; dry Salt Sides," 10%@llc; Bel
lies 12c: Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c;
California Hams, 12%c:~ Mess Beef. $9 50
per bbl; extra Mess. $10;-Famtly. $11; prim*
Mess Pork. $14; extra clear. $19 50; Mesa.
$17 50; Pig Pork. $22; Pigs'. Feet, $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb.
L.ARD — Tlercea quoted at 6%c p«r Ib for
California Compound, 7@7%c for Eastern corn
bound and 100 for- pure: half barrels, 'pure,
10V4c: 10-lbtlns. 10% c; 6-lb tins. lOJfcc; 3-lb
tins, lie. i
COTTOLENB— One half barrel, B%c: three
half barrels. B*ic; one •tierce. 8c; two tierces,
7%c: ; flve tierces. t%C per Ib. • .
Hides, Tallorr, Wool and Hops.
Advices from New York said that the Hop
market continued to show a better tone.. Deal
ers stated that they were doing a better busi
ness with brewers, making: fair sales at steady
prices, and they In turn continued to show
considerable interest in the markets up tha
State and on "the coast. Advices received
stated that a fair amount of business was
being . transacted . and that full prices were
being paid, with some growers holding for an
advance. • .•
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about *''%@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 12Hc; medium, 12c; light, llftc;
Cow Hides, H3,scH 3 ,$c for heavy and ll%c for
light; Stags. B%c; Baited Kip. ll^c; Salted
Veal, 13c; Salted Calf, 13Hc; dry Hides, 20c;
dry Kip 17018 c; dry Calf, 22c; Sheepskins,
shearling's, 25iSC0c each; short Wool, .Co«9oc
each', medium, 90c@$l 25; long Wool, $1 25@2;
Horse Hides, salt. $3@3 25 for large and $2 T5
for medium. $2 25 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $2®2 25 for large and $1 75
for medium $1 50 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 31c: dry salted
Mexican, 25d; dry Central American, 27c Goat
skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; extra • large dor
SI "5- large. sftg6oc; medium.; 35540 C: small.
>•\u25a0 'aV»-j>--...
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered.'.4&©4}4c per lb;
No 2, SgS^c; Grease, 2@2ttc "& - .
WOOL— Fall clip — Northern 'free, 15@17c;
do, defective. 12@14c; Middle Co^ty, free. 15®
17c do defective, 12@14c; San, Joaqnin and
Southern, 10@13c; \u25a0 San Joaquin Lambs', 14©
16c: do. defective, 9@l2c per lb.
HOPS — 1004 crop. ll@13c; 1805' crop. ll@l3c
per lb. "'" ' * :*»£-•
Meat , Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
. Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:' \u25a0 ' .-\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
BEEF — Bi@s&c for Steers and 3%@4^c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6@7e; small. 6<&Bc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, BH©9c; Ewes, B©9c
per lb.
LAMB— 9@loc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7®B%c per Il>.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered in -San Francisco. less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE—Steers. StoQQftc; Cows and Heif
ers, 4%@5c. \u25a0 - . . - \u25a0
CALVES — 3%@4c per lb (gross weight). .
SHEEP— Wethers, 3W@3 ! 5,e; B>res, 3#3«c
per lb (gross weight). \u25a0 • • ;
- LAMB3— S2 73493 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 130 to 250 lbs. s«c;
over 250 lbs, 6%c: under 130 lbs, s^4c;
Feeders, nominal; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars,
60 per cent oft, and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations. *- •;\u25a0
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bass, 7%c spot and 6c for
buyer June- July. 1906; Wool Bags, 30^330;
small lots. 31@34c; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit
Bags. 6Vi£7c. \u25a0 . .
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle, . $6 60: Bryant. $8 50;
Beaver Hill, $5 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Richmond, . $Sr Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
Sl4 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$1150; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke, $11 5C@l3 per
ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $S 50 per short ton.
• OILS — Quotations - are for- barrels;, for cases
add sc; Linseed. 54c per gallon for boiled and
52c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases.. $1 14@1 16; Lucol, 4So for
boiled and 4Gc.for raw; -China Nut, cases. 65®
78c per gallon ; Cocoanut OH. In barrels. 5Sc
for Cey!on and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm OH, 68c; natural winter
Snerm Oil. Klc; extra bleached Winter -Whale
Oil. 65c; natural Whale Oil, 60c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c: No. 1 Lard Oil, 65c;
Pure Neatefoot Oil, 75c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
ri7^c; Herring Oil, 45c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled
Fish Oil. 35c; raw. Fish Oil, 35c; Paint Oil. 35c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water Whit*
Coal ,OH in bulk.- He; Pearl Oil. .in cases,
17% c; Astral, 17^c: Star. 17#c; Extra. Star,
20% c; Elaine,' 2oc; Eocene, 1 9 Mi c; Stove Gaao
llne. In bulk, 15ViC; In cases, 22c; Motor Gaso
line, In bulk. 15^c; In cases, 22c;. N» 1 En
gine - Distillate, Iron barrels or drums, 8c; No.
2 do, 6%0-' cases, 6%c more; Benzine, In bulk^
12VJC; cases, 19c; 86-degre« Gasoline, in bulk,
26c: in case 9. 31c. - .<\u25a0"-" ..'" *
TURPENTINE— 93c per.gralloa In cases ajjd
87c In drums and Iron barrels.* • ' »-\u25a0 '.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red "Lead., 7%©
SVic per lb; White Lead, 7%@3%c, according
to quantity. . v • \u25a0 >
SUGAR — The Western Sugar. Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per Ib. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.30 c;
Powdered. 5.15 c; Candy Granulated. 5.15 c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.05 c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.05 c; Fruit Granulated," 5.05 c; - Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bag» only). 4.95 c; Confectioners'
A, 5.05 c; Magnolia A. 4.65 c; Extra, C, 4.55 c;
Golden C, 4.45 c; "D," 4.33 c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more! boxes, 50e more; 80-ib
bags, 10c more for all - kinds; " Tablets — Half
barrels, 5.55 c; boxes. 5.80 c; H. =8c E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.05 c per lb. No order taken 'for less
than seventy- five barrela or its equivalent.
. Receipts; of. Produce. ...
FOR WEDNESDAY. . OCTOBER 18. "
Flour, qr sks.. 7.625" Middlings. sk«... 125
Wheat, ctls ... 542 Hay, tons-'..:.. 605
Barley, ctls ...55,770 Straw, tons;.... 49
Oats. ctl» ..'..;. 28S|Hop», bales ....*. 428
Corn, ctl» ..... 2,728 Wool, balea 174
TStllow. :> Ctls ... \u25a0? W6 Shorts. . sks • ..... 115
Sugar, ctle .... 3,660 Leather, rolla .. .62
CalfsKlns.-bdls.. . 30| Hides, N0,....;, 743
Beans, sks ...... 6.3651 Pelts, bdls ..... 360
Potatoes. sk« . .* B,7.*sO! Ralstns. bis ...2.100
CVnions, sks .... 627 Brandy. - gals ... 4. 100
Bran, eka ..... 100! Wine; gals 30,550
. OREXION.
Flour, <(r - sks.~. 11.332; 8ran. sk s 3.303
Wheat, ctl3 ... 5,577| Middlings, sks... 500
Oats, ctls .. 5.557, .
* . - ; WASHINGTON. .
Flour." qr • 5k5... 7,5021 Flaxseed, sks ... 1,748
•WESTERN.- -
Corn, "ctls 2.400J
STOCK 31 ARKET.
Light Trading:, With ,» Generally Fe4-
tureless Markets.
- There- was very little change In any class of
stocks yesterday.fi" The .flurry, of Tuesday- in
some or the Tonopahs seemed to. disappear ~as
quickly as it appeared, ; and those stocks Were
quieter. The Comstocks were rather higher on
the= day. ••\u25a0 with some Increase In sales. There
was nothing of.. 1 any- consequence ; doing on th°
Stock and' Bond! Exchange.) V * \u0084 V *-\u25a0'
The American Shipbuilding Company has de
clared a r quarterly , : dividend > of , 1 pcr c - cent on
the common- stock," payable December 2.- - -
Tha Northern California Power Company will
pay a regular, monthly dividend of 6 cents per
share October 25. • " >
> The Rio :Tlnto Copper Company of . London
has declared a ; semi-annual . dividend of 40»,
asalnst 37s Cd -six month 3 ago and, 32s (kl a
year. -agro.
The New.; York and Honduras Ilosario Mining
Company has declared \u25a0 a regular.; monthly ' divi
dend of per. cent and an extra dividend of u t
of f per cent on "the 'capital 'Stock."*. Both pay
able ,Octobr,2l. - x- : >-v j
.At the ; postponed annual « meeting' >. of the
stockholders Of the . Merchants Exchange Bank
of San • Francisco (In f Haudation) ! on \u25a0 Tue&iaw
AUCTION SALES
£^> fe £»
Don't. Miss or Forget.,
SaiURJAY, detebsr 2ist, at it a.m.,
I WILL SELL
20 head of all-purpose horses. 4 pcnles and ri^s
several siU of harnesa. several buss-e» and
wagona; no reserve or limit; sold tJ h ghe%t
biddtr.
AT 613 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
th* following directors were elected: Edward
Coleman. John C. Coleman. Charles A. Laton.
J. H. Neff. Nicholas Ohlandt. W. Y. Ke.:osg.
A. F. Morrison. Edward Kruse Jr. and Robert
A. Dean. Edward Coleman was elected presi
dent. Charles A. . Laton vice president, and Wil
liam A. M. Van Boltkelen secretary and treas
urer.
STOCK AJfD BOXD EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. IS— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BOND 3.
Bid. Ask.! Eld. Ask.
4s qr coup. .104% 106%; 4» qr cp nw.131 tWi
4a qr reg...104%105%,3i qr coup... — 104 V
* BONDS.
Ala AW5s — — !Ok T Con 53.112 —
Asso Oil 5s 90 — jO- W gtd 5». — 93
Bay CPC Ss.lOSli'— 'Oceanic S3» 60 —
Cal C G 55.107 — iOm Cable 65.120^i —
Cal GSEg [ Pac Glm4a 05 —
m&ct &3 90tt 99^> P ERy Os.lllvi —
Cal-st C 33.111^11"^! Pa c L&P-55.101S —
C C Wat se. — 106 P& C H 65.102^ —
Ed L&P 68.124^ — P&• O R «S.IIO —
F& C H 6«.113 — Powell-st 6a. 11l . —
G«ary-st ss. — 45 iSac EG&RSs.IIO —
H C&S 5^«.104% — !SF & SJV3s. — —
Do 5s ....104V* — 'SF.O &SJ3e.lll<&ll2
Hon R T 6s.HO — * S Pof A 63
L A Elec 5s — — Sierra R 65. 112% —
LAG AEI 5s — 103 (1900) — 108*4
L A Ry 58.118 — * <1910) ICBSa —
LAL gtd 55.105 — 9Po( C 6s
LAP 1cm55.111% — (19iW> 102 —
LAP C 55. -107 V* — 1 <IW2> 112%1Ut;
MJct-st C 63.114V4115%'5PC 1 eg 35.120«<» —
Do 1cm35.115 — is P B li 63.134 — •
MV& MtTss.lOs — S V Wat «3.1Cam0214
NR of C (55.104 104 «4 Do 4a 2dm. 100% —
Do 5s ....119 — Do 4s 3dm. 100 IOOVi
NPCR 8a.105%108% Do t tn*4s.lOO}4 — •
NC Ry Cs.. — lU%;stkn.G&Et'>s. — —
N C P C ss. — IOOVajU O A E 5».104%105V4
O GL&H 5e.10?% — UR of SF Is SO —
Ok TCo e5.121 — Val C o P 55.1W%105*i
Do Oa 112% — ;Yos SL 4fes. 92^ 93S
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Csta 4S 48%' Port Costa... — "69
Marin C 0... 61 - |S V Wat Co 40 40>*
: GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P 3ft— ISFG&B. 84S 83
Martel Pomr .2 — | Do certfs.. 84^ 83
Mutual EL 18 16fttStkn G& E. ft —
Pac-L C 0... 72ft — f. • , '\u0084
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fd.335 — f
BANK STOCKS. •
Am.N*tl 8k.123 130 LP & A... — 153
Anglo-Cal .. 91% M Mer Trust.. .220 - 240 -
Bank of Ca1.423 — Merch Ex. . . 55 —
Cal Safe Dp.158 160 IS F National — 180
First NatnL326 330 J
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.3000 — !Sav & L So.loo —r .
Hum S 8k.20C0 — Sec Say 8k.393 —
Mutual Say. — — Union T C 0.2700 3300
S F Say U. 700 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..210 — i Presidio .... — —
Geary — 40 (
POWDER.
Giant Con.. IZK U££
Hawaiian C. 83% — [Makaweil C. 35^4 38 1/*1 /*
Honokaa SC 15 15^)Onome& SC. 33% Si 1 -*
Hutch SP C 15% 1« Paauhau SC 23 —
KiUuea S C 3 .'» [
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. ttl 62 '. Oceanic" SCo 4^ ft
Cal F C A. 98 JM> {Pac Aux FA. 3% — •
Cal Wine A — 85 j Pac C 80rx.132^ —
MV& MtTm.lCO — |pacS Tel Co. 103 \$ 105
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Contra Costa Water, s 90 » AS 23
50 Contra Coata Water. 9 90 43 12',i
25 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co. 3 39
00 9 F Gas & Electric ...84 73
100 S F Gas & Electric 81 62^
200 Spring Valley Water C 0...... 40- 25
55.0U0 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 55... 104 73
$I, COO Northern Ry of Cal Bs 104 00
$3,000 Cal Gas & El Q M & C T 35.. 99 50
$37,000 Cal Gas & El O M & C T 35.. 9» 37ft
Street— *
25 Bank of California 423 30
Afternoon Session.
\u25a0 Board —
10 Contra Costa Water \ 48 CO
270 Honokaa S Co 15 00
ISO S F Gas & Electric... 8* 62%
50 Spring Valley Water Co 40 CO
$3,000 S F & S J V 5a .'.llO 25
525.000 United R R of S F 4a S9 00
Street —
$1,000 United R R of 3 F fa 8» 25
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 65.10« — SF G&E4^9.102 —
B L Wat 6s. 114 — SF &NP 33.112 —
Cal NW Os.lll — SP C R 4». 9«H —
M C Wat 5s — 114 'Sun Tel fa.. 112 —
O T Con 55.106 ICtfftj Do Zs ....110^111
Risl Wks3s.lOO — Suttr-st Rss.lCs .110
SF Drdk ss. 113 — | •
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... -j- 28 (Gas Cod A. — 20
Am Bis C 0.102 — IMat Nay Co. 125 185
Cal Cot Mis 89 91 Mlla Nat 8k.325 — -
Cal G&ECor »O »1 NS R R Co. — ' 12^
C Jockey CU122«4130 N Cal P Co. — 11^
Cal Powder.ltSO — Ok Bk Sav.lso
Cal Ship Co — 25 lOOF Hall A 6^i —
CalT I & T. 165 175 Orpheum Co. 18 <
Cen Bk. Oi — 75 PacC Cas C 0.140 —
Chutes Co.. —.5 Pac Sux Co. — 120
Cyp L Imp.' 5 8 Paraf Paint. — 90
City& C 8k.101%119 S F Drydock — 73
DptPwd pfd — SO SF & SJCoal 20 — \u25a0
Do com ..73 W S Jose Wat. 103% —
FN Bk. Ofc-120 — SO& MTgbt.l23 — •
Flschr Thtr 75c — So Pac Co. . — C 8 *
Frnch-A Bk.lO8!i — Swiss- A 8k.123 130
Hono P Cow — 36 Truck Kect. 17% —
Do old pL — 38 Union S Co. — 3TJ4
Do nw pL — 37 W-Fargo 8k.232% — \u25a0
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
. 37 Cal Gaa A £3 Corp (certfs).... 90 CO
100 Northern Cal Power C 0........ 11 12%
—\u25a0-.-- Street—^ >. \u25a0 - ..
200 Northern Cal Power Co 1112%
200 Northern Cal Power Co H 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Stocks— I*. 1 " - Bid. Asked.
Arline ;.... .... 27
Asso. On Stk.Tf.Cer...... 54 03
California-Standard- ,40 ....
Claremont -.73 .... '
Forty .....*. .".. • 53
Four - .... S3
.Home : , 50 ......
lUinois Cruda .; .... 2O
Independence 20 23
Kern ! 14 CO ;.„
Kern (New) .' .... 30
Kern River i 150
Monarch of Arizona ........ 13 ....
Monte Crlsto 70,- • .....
Occidental of W. Va...'...... o*. 05
Oil City Petroleum. S3
Peerless 9 00
Reed Crude " 24 ....
Sovereign ................... 25 27
Superior 05 ....
Miscellaneous Bonds — •
Asio'd Oil Co 5s (1902) 83 00 93 73
SALES.
10:30 a. rr>. -Session.
I None. —*'
1:30 v. m. Session.
Board — .'
ISC Independence Oil S3
Street — Oct. 17 —
250 Claremcnt 0i1.... •"> 8d
Mlalns Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
. Following were th« sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock - and Exchange Board yesterday :
9:30 a. m. Session — Comstocks. '
400 Andes .-V 27! ICO Hale A 23
300 Best & Bel.-l 35! 3CO Mexican ....;1 13
2CO Challenge" ... ' 18| 200 Poiosi 14
400 Con Va M..1 63| 300 Savage ....... 52
300 Crown Braint. 07[ 400 Silver Hill .. 9i
100 Gould & Cur. 23. 100 Union Con '.. 52
12 m. Informal Session — Comstocks.
100 Andes 271 100 Potosi . .. 14
700 Belcher •\u25a0 27{ 700. Scorpion . . .. . 14
. 100. Chollar ..... 14 -2 CO Sierra Nev .. S2
SCO Con VaM.-.ie3f "300 Sierra Ncr .... 31
ICO Con Va M..1 60 400 Silver Hill ".: • W
ICO Crown Point. 07 200 Silver Hill v. 81
900 Gould A Car. 22 600 Union Con . . 02
800 Goujd & Cur. 23 1300 Union Con \u0084. S3
300 Gould & "Cur. 21 100 Yellow Jacket 23
' 200 Mexican. ....1 13 200 Yellow Jacket 22
200 Ophir 5 62H
- -. ' .- 2 p. " m. Session— Comstocks.
200 Challenge ... 1$) 10d Overman .... 11
500 Con Va M..1 f3| 200 Potosi 11
400 Gould & Cur. 2i'< s<» 31err* N*r .. 3*
SCO Kentuck .;.. C 2. 2W SUv«t Hill ..93
ICO Mexican ....113! 300 Union Con .. 3tt
I<JO Opnir .....5 «2%. 2CO Union Con .. 53.,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. . V .
i - Bid.Ask.t-' " • Bld.Ask.
Alpha ..'.....' 10 11 [ Gould & Cur. 24;* 25
Alta 03. Os.Hale & Norc.l 20 130
Andes 2S 4 29; Justice 03.^04.
Belcher ..... 26 < 2S.Julia ........' C7.'-t» •
Best A Bel.. 1 45 1 50|Kentuck ..... "C 3» 03
Bruns Cntrtlar. 01 —(Lady Wash... CS'VO*.
Bruns.g Va.* ; 02 -^i Mexican .....115 120
Bruns <J & C - 01 — f Occidental .... . S7-W>
Bruns-Potost. 01 — iOphir .'....3 «!2H 373
: Bruns Savage Ot — ', Ophir-Bruns. . .07-10
Bullion .?..... 3H 40 Overman \u25a0..'.'.'*• 11 12
Caledonia.;.. 43 45 Potosi ......'. 14 IS
Challenge ... 17 10|Savag* T.:..." 62 r34 .
Continued on Pas« '14
1516
T T I ft* J «_ I~*
Have your cake, muffins, and tea bis-
cuit home-made. They will be fresher,
cleaner, more tasty and wholesome.
Royal Baking Powder helps the house
wife to produce at home, quickly and eco-
nomically, fine and tasty cake, the raised
hot-biscuit, puddings, the frosted layer-
cake, crisp cookies, crullers, crusts and
muffins, with which the ready-made food
found at the bake-shop or grocery does
hot compare.
Royal is the greatest of bake-day helps.
ROYAL BAKINQ POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
REFUSE TO CHANGE
KIND OF PAVEMENT
Supervisors Want the Works
Board to Use Asphalt on
Van Ness Avenue.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday refused 'to comply .with' the
request of .the . Boarfl of Works " that
the resolution orderirig.Jtbe'repaving of
the four macadamized blocks on Van
Ness avenue with asphalt and to
adopt a new resolution substituting bi
tumen as the pavement. The commit
tee held that asphalt is a superior
pavement and ordered a resolution
drawn up calling attention of the
Mayor to the fact that the work has
been ordered and no action has been
taken as yet by the Works Board.
The latter body raises the point that
no contractor will bid for the work
because It has recommended the bi
tumimzing of the blocks and the Su
pervisors have exceeded their author
ity in ordering asphalt instead. The
Mayor is asked to use his good offices
to Induce the Works Board to have
<th« work done.
A committee from the Teamsters'
Union appeared before the street com
mittee to protest against the action of
£he Finance committee cutting down
by ten per cent the wages of twelve
teamsters employed by A. B. Clute, who
has the contract for sweeping . the
streets. The teamsters raised the point
tha* the action of the Finance Com
mittee had not been approved by the
full beard of Supervisors, but it was
explained that such was not the cus
tom. As the street committee had
signed the demands for the full
amount and was not a party to the
reduction ordered by the Finance Com
mittee, the matter was referred again
to the latter body.
The committee decided to take up
th» proposed ordinance limiting the
speed of street cars on next Wednes
day afternoon when the paving of Mis
sion street between Fifth and Xlnth
streets will be considered.
W. P. Fuuler & Co. was granted a
permit to lay a spur track on Front
and Commerce streets.
The committee granted a permit to
Dyer Brothers for a spur track on
Slx.te.enth and Rhode Island streets to
connect with the Santa Fe Railway
system.
Herman Lesser, 1057 Market Street.
Will sell men's tailor-made clothing to
day, Friday and Saturday that cost
$15 a «uit for $8 65. This special lot
had been shipped - to San Franci6co to
cne of the leading clothiers and for
*ome reason or another transferred to
Mr. Lesser, who is known to take at a
discount everything in • the line of
clothing. Exactly 340 suits, in all styles
and shades, all-wool winter weights,
and only JS 65, at Herman Lesser' a, 1057
Market street, opposite Jones. •
POLICEMAN CAPTURES THlEF.—Police
man 11. F. Arejr made a clever capture yes
terday in the «rre«t of James Bryan, cuspected
of being- the man who has robbed numerous
houses in the northern part of the city. Arey
cauerht him coming- out of a. house at 72S Jack
son street with plunder on him.
F JMg^ Midseason Clean-Up of "Dropped" Patterns jjl
ip^ , and Short Lengths.
WY tv ThC f^5 tories have i ust sentus a list of the carpet patterns that will be dropped
H[ tm, V' Car * hat mean s that hundreds of the patterns we carry cannot be duplicated.
n l nerelore we must get rid of them, and the sooner the better. Some of these are the most
I f , eautlf " 1 d figns we ever had— only the styles are changing. Be sure to bring the meas- '
1 j7 ™ide? r °° mS * TheSC priceS are made - 1^ to clear the stock and clear
I QDr» D*MlCCl»lc« Cvt 5 60c J t^ e .I? fd » l ? ad C 1 Uf\\T 1. t Here are carpets that
I 7UC BrUSSeiS f,*^"! 1 *" at * hat - J&LSU VelVelS They
i 7Qr M j. H nT- t . $I Tapestries cut to •Hf ** w f Y: T V* T^ w arc ri<ch "••-•\u25a0.-\u25a0./•
I S^rSmof^^ C ° tt^ C l ?£* A IT** and lustrous and delicately soft toned. The ft EW
E - \u25a0 ••........_ W and laid, is -. ••..',. . \u25a0 '<. ;
$1,65 Axminsters?""- $22.50 Extra Brussels
1 sewed and laid, per yard, for X I I "fi Ji **• if° S , to £V l m l° thc I#l B*\ I
1 »f« x «o,ior lIJIIIBJ clean -up just to make things hum. -% § §JL H_ I I
1 •• :: V V ';:.::•:;• •••• Vlll**V 111 ** While they last, each ... *\u0084.Vv .HJ \u25a0 TIIU i
I GOME EARLY AIVD BRING YOUR MEASUBLEMENTS '/
I SILK FLOSS CUSHIONS r.y. , f, T LACE CURTAIN SALE ~
S ~_ \u25a0_ \u25a0 iococf ' • ' ~ " _.___ -, \u25a0 ' v \u25a0 ...- r ."\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0. >.*-
MILITARY CEREMONIES
ATTEND FUNERAL
Son of Colonel Tucker Is
Mourned by Army iii
' -'Manila.
Lieutenant Colonel W. F. Tucker and
Mas^ Tucker .were among the passen
gers, on. the steamship Sherman, which
arrived . yesterday- from Manila. They
brought home the body of their son,
George, who died suddenly In Manila
of appendicitis. Colonel Tucker is
chief paymaster of the Philippines divi
sion. Mrs. Tucker is the daughter of
the late General John A. Logan.
The Tuckers have beSn stationed in
Manila for the last eighteen months.
While there young George, who was 12
years of age, made himself a great fa
vorite, not only with the officers at that
post, but also with the .troops. He. was
a very bright lad, inheriting a great
deal of his grandfather's fearless quali
ties.
Out of respect to him and to the
esteem in which his parents and his
"illustrious •-\u0084 grandparent are held the
boy % was -accorded a funeral attended
with military ceremonies. From- the
house in which the body lay in Manila
to the transport Sherman followed a
long concourse of army people, soldiers
and friends of the family. The coffin
was enveloped in a beautiful American
flag and covered with a wealth of floral
offerings. Colonel and Mrs. Tucker are
now at the • Palace, and with the re
mains of their son will leave for the
East this morning. The remains will
be placed in the Logan tomb, beside
those of his grandfather.
To-Day'a Auction.
An important sale of an entire block
of fifty lots will be held .by Lyon &
Hoag at their offices, 116 Montgomery
street, to-day. These lots face on Fifth
and Sixth avenues, I and J streets, be
tween Golden Gate Park and the Affili
ated Colleges. All the streets have been
bituminized. Purchasers are offered
terms of one-fifth cash. Many new im
provements are going up on adjoining
property, and. the building up of the
block will make an important change
in the appearance of this section.
Sheriff Xot Entitled to Fees.
City Attorney Long' yesterday ad
vised' the Supervisors' Finance Com
mittee that so much of ,the claim of
the State for $44 for expenses Incurred
in transporting Victor Blank to the
Mendocino Hospital should be paid as
it does not include "Sheriff's fees."
Long says the latter part of the claim
should be rejected because the charter
provides that salaries of municipal of
ficers shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered and all fees
received by them must be turned over
to the city, treasury within twenty
four hours.
The Honest Value $2.50 Shoes for Men
Wear like iron; quality superior to any $2.50
shoe on the market; 76 styles. 1C Fourth st. •
Tit E •„ S A N ,KR ANCISCO ; GALL. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 1 i); -1905:
PHOTOGRAPHIC ART ROUTS
PEACE OF WEDDING PARTY
Fl as hliglit Picture of
. Assemblage Is
X CtiVCii
Explosion Causes
One Guest to
Soar High.
He Assails Camera
Fiend and Both
Are Jailed.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
It was the :bridg-eroom,- with the bride
acquiescing, who engaged K. /-Teto to
photograph the. wedding, party as It sat
at table In the housed on Pine streot, be
tween Kaarny and Dupont, wherein the
happy couple were to honeymoon.
"For to my mind has come the
thought," said the Intending benedict,
"that our many cousins In Japan would
pleasure take from seeing us surrounded
by our most honorable guests. Therefore,
oh, K. Veto, your ingenious Instrument
bring and portray us as we sit."
Thus instructed, K. Veto took his cam
era, with flashlight attachment, to the
bridal feast. Requesting all those pres
ent to* look as if. they were very happy,
which' request they obeyed by smiling
mirthlessly and staring straight ahead,
he obtained his focus and then prepared
to flash.
Now, among those who had never close
ly Inspected the mechanism of a flash-pan
was one Y. Suglyama, and his Japanese
curiosity prompted him to take advan-
tage of the opportunity there afforded.
His face was rather close to "the powder
laden pan when the match was applied,
and the resultant explosion startled him
so that he involuntarily soared until the
celling stopped his flight and he returned,
a disheveled bundle, to the floor.. When
he regained his feet his ears were as
sailed by shrieks; of laughter from the
spectators, - and imagining that, he had
been made the victim of a trick, operated
by K. Veto, he promptly delivered a
blow that felled that gentleman and up
set the tripod bearing the camera. Pick
ing up his paraphernalia, K. Veto swijng
it against the abdomen of Y. Sugiyama
and then fled, but Y. Sugiyama pursued
him even to his own abode, on Quincy
place, and there belabored him soundly
with flsts and feet. .
That was how both K." Veto and Y. Su
giyama came to be arraigned before Po
lice Judge Conlan on the charge of peace
disturbance. Patrolman -J. J. Farrell
pressed home the complaint, but when K.
Veto told his side of the story the Judge
continued the hearing till this morning,
when the wedding party will be individ
ually permitted to tell Just how it hap
pened. •; • \u25a0 \u25a0 . .
• . .
I- Accused of having cruelly treated a
horse belonging to M. J. Dalton of 2913
Twenty-fourth street, Bert Reed, aged 17
years, pleaded not guilty.
Mr. Dalton testified that on last Satur
day he lent his horse and buggy to Mas
ter Reed, who desired to ride to Pleasan
ton and promised to take good care of the
rig and return it to its owner not ] later
than noon the following day. That prom
ise was broken, however, for not until
Sunday evening were the horse and. buggy
restored to the Dalton barn, and when
Mr. Dalton examined the animal he found
that one of its legs was out of commission
and it displayed evidences of having been
Inhumanely whipped.
Master Reed pleaded in defense (1) that
as he lost his whip while crossing the
bay he could not possibly have lashed the
horse, (2) that he returned the rig to its
owner "in plenty of time," (3) that when
placed in the stable the horse was sound
of limb and wind, (4) that the horse never
was any good, anyway, and <$) that the
horse's back was galled \u25a0 and plastered
with axle grease, which had soiled the'
hands and clothing of the defendant.
Mr. Dalton acknowledged the axle
grease, but denied that the horse" a'-back
was badly galled or that it was no good,
anyway, despite the fact 'that he pur
chased it for $33 and spent $50 for Its
necessary repair.
Judge Mogan will hear more about it
next Saturday. . .
• * *
John J. Lynch and his wife, Mary, told
Judge Mogan that they had lived up to
the anti-race-suicide doctrine advocated
by President Roosevelt and found It
wanting. Five children, the youngest of
whom is an eight months' old babe, were
discovered in an awful condition of fam
ine and filth at the Lynch residency, 120S
Fifth avenue $outh, and inquiry \u25a0 led to
the disclosure that they, were absolutely
neglected by their parents, who spent for
drink all the money that the man earned.
Had it not been for the benevolence of
neighbors the little ones would have
starved to death while the father and
mother, caroused. The California So
cfety for the Prevention of Cruelty -to
Children was notified of the case, arid
Officer White— whose description^ of the
condition in whiph he found the young
sters was most shocking— took care of
the helpless ones and arrested the par
ents.
"How could you treat your children in
such a heartless manner?" the Judge
asked the father, a besotted-looking fel
low.
"They came too fast for a poor man
to provide for thorn all," was the re
ply, "and I got into - det>V and became
discouraged."
"I would wager that you paid cash
for the liquor that you and their un
natural mother have drunk," said his
Honor.
Officer White stated that about a year
ago the I.ynchen were arrested, by him
and similarly charged, but they ob
tained release by promising to eschew
tippling. That pledge they had never
kept {'
"'Well, they shall not be afforded op
portunity to break another one," said
the court. "You are found gullty,"'4ie
added, addressing the defendants, "and
you can accept your' sentence now or
wait until' to-morrow for it."
"I guess we'll wait 'till to T morrow,"
responded the , slatternly woman, with
an Impudent leer, "beqause you may; be
In better humor then."
"Take them away." Bald the Judge
in dissust, nnd the bailiff promptly
obeyed. \u25a0 • '
The S. P. C. C. which institution, it
may not be amiss to state, is faithful
ly living up to its title,; will provide
homes for the little ones.
Henry Vautrin. a ship's cook, served
thirty days for having disturbed the
peace, and then returned to 825 Jesslo
street and deliberately repeated the of
fense, for which Judge Cabaniss Ben
tenced him to eighty ; days. Mr. Vau
trin's drunken' specialty Is the smash-
Ing of household furniture. "
- - - . ' -. ' \u25a0•'.* ' . ."\u25a0 • \u25a0
H. A. GilHs returned to the prisoners*,
cage.'bowed his head and wept, after
Judge Mogran had committed him for
trial in the Superior Court on the
charge of felony > embezzlement. He
held a position of trust for the .firm
of C. B. Poar & Co., cigars and tobacco,
1540 Jlnrket street, whence yielded to
the fa scliiatlon 'of gambling, and em
bezzled sums .-that aggregated thou
sands of dollars.- ';,-'
Harry Conlan was a professional im
personator of Chinese character when
his quest ,' for inspiration led. him to
opium den's . and!' other Asiatic dead
falls, and he frradually,became enslaved
by the vices there practiced, until now.
he Is one of .the city's notorious human
wrecks. Hislast engagement was with
"The Tenderfoot" -company, and his
portrayal of a coolie was one of the hits
of that erstwhile popular musical com
edy. -Fhcni Arraigned, for 'drunkenness
before 11 Judge - Cabanlss he to
make-Btrenuous effort ".to regain* his, re
spectability, and 'was allowed :. to -gp- on
probation. .;\u25a0'•. ' .'.'.\u25a0 ' ,-
Mrs. Johanna Ware of 37 Grand street.
Mrs. Margaret Bitzer :.:of 17 1-2 v Grand
street and • Mrs. t Maria % Simdnton of 23
Grand street, ' collectively, Rnd Individually,
testified that .they ', knew j Mrs.t Dora^ Mes
sorsmlth of 29 Grand street. to^ be a person
of /excellent ; character;;: and •; their : testi-"
mony offset that ; of . Mrs.; Mary Ray : of 27
Grand » street-, Mrs. '. Mollle % Kllger of 25
Grand • street ; and ; Mrs. ; Emma Schultz of
31 Grand * street, .those.: good | matrons hav
ing previously vouched for- the^invarlable
orderliness - of :": Mrs. Maud ' " Chrlstlanson.
who . had ; - accused .- Mrs. ~. Messe rsmith of
having, battered 'her.V: \u25a0 .'
, Mrs. rSimonton'; averred.^moreover, that
she had i heard ' Mrs. Ray say ,to Mrs. Mcs
sersmSth: v "We, r (meaning! the ' ladies i who
had : in ; behalf " of- Mrs." Christian
son) will never ' give ; you anyj peace ' whllo
,youllve lnl this- neighborhood.'!. which; re
mark } Mrs. 'J Slmonton % ihUrpreted [". as in
tlmldatory," If not 'actually,; threatening. ,;{
i/^Well,'.'- gald -Judge Mogan^VMrs/Mes-"
sersmith' has; admitted^thatt she; battered
Mrs. , Chrlstlanson, and T all '* I f can \u25a0do Is , to
TABLES TURNED
ON YOUNG GIRL
Bennett Millar Acquitted by
Ju ry of Criminal Assault
Charge at, a Second Trial
JUDGE SO INSTRUCTS
Henriette Eeush, Complain
ing Witness, Ordered Into
Custody of the Sheriff
The second trial of Bennett Millar be
fore a jury In Judge Cook's court on a
charge of criminal assault resulted In his
acquittal yesterday afternoon. At the
first trial the jury disagreed, standing
eleven for conviction and one for acquit
tal. After the jury had been out for
about an hour yesterday it returned into
court, asking for further instructions.'
The Judge instructed them to acquit the
defendant, but said if they had any rea
sonable doubt as to his innocence, they
could ignore that Instruction/;
After the verdict was rendered the
Judge ordered the clerk to place on the
records, the fact that' Henriette Reush,
the young girl who was ; the complaining
witness, had been ordered into 'the cus
tody of the Sheriff pending the laying of
the charge of perjury against her before
the Grand Jury.
"I "don't care to lay the matter before
the Grand Jury," said District Attorney
Byington, "owing to the youth of the
elrl.'l -
"I; have made my order," replied the
Judge,* "and I will Instruct Attorney
Black to get a certified copyiof it."
The girl at the .first "trial testified
strongly against' the defendant, but when
the case was called for the second trial
she said he was innocent and that a boy
named Leopold, was her betrayer. Sub
sequently she said her first story was
correct, and' that the defendant had
begged her for the sake of his wife and
children to testify in court that he was
Innocent. She said he wanted her to
swear. that it was a son of Mr. Brilliant
who was the cause of her trouble and
Brilliant would pay $5000 to hush the mat
ter, up, of which sum she would get half.
Jennie Johtfston, who, it is alleged, ar
ranged the conversation between the girl
and the defendant, is waiting her prelimi
nary examination In the Police Court on
a charge of subornation of perjury.
Millar is a tailor at Z2V,i Ellis street,
and the girl's father has a laundry in the
same building. She is not yet 15 years of
age. . . -
The World's Beauties.
- San Francisco has the distinction of hav
ing within Its boundaries the most beau
tiful store in the world. It is simply be
yond the powers of description, a fairy
land of "dazzling lights, beautiful paint-
Ings and flashing gems. The pleasure of a
visit, will. linger with you always. Col. A.
Andrews'" Diamond Palace, 2-' l Mont
gomery street, between Bush and Pine.*
Street Railway Men Nlect.
The board of directors of the Stock
ton Electric Street Railroad met In
this city yesterday and decided to make
the road a standard gauge, and will at
once begin work on the system. After
the entire route in Stockton is changed
the road will be extended into the
county and the adjoining counties, as
it is the policy of the company to make
a complete interurban system to con
nect Stockton with the towns in San
Joaqjjin and Stanislaus counties and
other prominent cities near 'there. This
matter has been before the owners of
the Stockton Electric Railroad Com
pany for months and the directors In
tend to give the public one of the most
complete systems in that part of the
State.
.. Good printing-, tell* the story of our success.
Edward Knowles Co., 24 Second street. •
pronounce her guilty and remand her for
sentence two weeks hence."
Then to Mrs. Messersinlth the court in
timated that so long as she lives up to
the character accredited to her by Mes
dames Ware, Bitzer and ] Slmonton he
shall keep her sentence in suspension.
. Judge Conlan dismissed the embezzle
ment charge which T. Kartovich, a res
taurant cook, had filed against John H.
Ross, manager of a collection agency.
Kartovich alleged that Ross collected for
him some money from a restaurateur
and; then failed to turn It over to him,
but' Ross proved that the check | for the
amount collected, minus commission, was
en: route to Kartovich's home when 'the
complaint was filed.
? bad. The design, the case,
the finish, even the price, .
; ; are only' details. The
Chickering
I Grand has superb tone
quality and is guaranteed .
a faultless instrument. It
occupies no more space
than an Upright; is more
artistic, and costs no
more.
Price Syod—paid in
easy installments.
Bcn i- %^XlT\£k7 &Son
16-20 P'Farrell St.
,'Branchei: Alaraeda, San Jose, Fresno
, . and Eureka.
1 ONE CITY
n'\u25a0 It is no idle dream that the whole
\u25a0 of: the peninsula -will, not- so long
9 hence, be all^one city,' of which
| PAEO ALTG
\u25a0 Will be the part containing? 'the riicst
I beautiful > homes. V Already • Stanford
1 1 University has " attracted <; over .-• 5000
: I homeseelcers; and.^they; are always
icoming.v Send for a copy, of the Real
S Estate; News •* and^ KEEP YOUR
i EYES ON* PALO .ALTO. •
I The i Jr MORh]sTrEAL^ESTATE: CO,
I ' PALO AT,TO, CALIFORNIA, f
McCairs . .. Skirts"
Magazine . A A_ Tf JT _ rr , Tl .- , ut Free
5c copy. 50c A\ II Ml I GJ\ /r-^ £^ Cy our expert
Tear. One Me- /-\\ II \\ /f\\ I Iv". >S) man tallor - lN
Gall pattern /^JA. IL 11 ii CyA- II >O^ any st >'« you
free with 1 each "^ > select, from
subscription, . •"_" . | any material.
Stationery Move
An opportunity interesting to women.
First--18c Writing Paper at 32*^c Quire
Whiting's. So many know it, it's hardly necessary to say best.
Women's favorite corresDondence weight and finish, different colors.
I2j^c for regular 18c auire of 24 sheets.
Envelopes. 12^c parknse: View. Hoofe. 25«t
To match the paper, ilarked '"Our Boys In the Philippines."
down from lScpackage. Ar. instructive book * witfi pic-
• E "Ssssi i ?.- ck ," iß! ' , 'as i; h £ff&2& \u25a0£"£?«:£; .
\u25a0.JSSS&.*!S3 : . f SSu M & b L r r" TS3S&&SZZ&TSS& .
The above are all new prices that dld book for 25c.
««f t t CC i t th J S mor ? 1 "? *£ «11 the ront Card Album-. 23ci , .
paper quickly. Some of the boxes are Have lust come Roon for 9S
?s rO an e in|o h od rer co a n r dit S ion ed - The EXtoli" book "wUhTtlft cove^
is an m good condition. Collectors will snap them up
100 Crepe .Napkins, 10c t Quickly at 17.i:
Plain white, just the napkins for Waterman' 1 * Fountain Pens. ?l.W>:
parties, picnics or excursions of a A. Waterman's: among the
any sort Use-to-throw-away best pens. Every one should have
kind. 10c hundred. j.v one> ,I>oo., 1>0 o.
Visitinor Cards
"Weddins: invitations, printed or engrravHj no matter Let us help you^'
select the style you want.. Let us save you ttoV on ey on them. J*
Trimmed Hats
$4.7s— Price
I^O win
*jhCz£ v "^^^^Ja^** we ye
7 *• made a
V w' pet of
jfe^^^s ' started
y: ; selling
millinery. We've made it mean
more each year. To-day a cli-
max of beauty, of variety, of
unusualness.
Maybe our millinery workers have
been spurred on by thoughts of the
big new department soon to be theirs.
Certainly, women w^io would be
willing to pay up to 96.00 can choose
from perhaps a larger, variety and
get prettier styles in these new hats
that will be out at f4.75 first time to-
day.
Every color, every shape,
trimmed in any number of dif-
ferent ways. All hand made.
All spread out in tempting ar-
ray with "a hearty welcome to
you to come, if just to see
them ; second floor.
A Face Massage
Restful if you are tired.
Refreshing, invigorating,
beautifying. Perhaps it's the
very thing you need- most.
-Every one enjoys the treat-
ments, all find them beneficial.
Many have told our specialists that
face massaging meant more at Hales.
It's because specialists give them and
only the best creams are used. Try
one to-day. Swedish massage. 50c;
clay packs, 75c \ electric massage,
f1.00. ' Mezzanine floor. »»
Market St., Near Sixth, S. P.
ORDERS OF ARMY OFFICERS
PASSING THROUGH THE CITT
First Lieutenant Wilson T. Davidson,
assistant surgeon at the Presidio of
Monterey, has been discharged from
the General Hospital, at the -Presidio of
San Francisco and will report to Mon
terey for duty. He has been a patient
in the General Hospital for some time.
Dr. William Eastman and wife, who
have been stationed at Fort McKlnley,
P. L, returned to ; this city yesterday
on the transport Sherman. Mrs. East
man is the daughter of Colonel Wil
liam .S. Patten of the United • States
Quartermaster's Department in this city.
Thirty-four patients were taken to
the General Hospital from the trans
port Sherman yesterday. Among the
number were Lieutenant Gilbert Allen
and Captain Minus of the Filipino
Scouts and one of the Filipino crew
who was taken sick on the voyage.
Major F. : O. Johnston of the Second
Cavalry, stationed at . Chicago, is stop
ping at the Occidental Hotel.
Captain Ulysses G. McAlexander of
the Thirteenth Infantry has % been
granted a leave of absence to termin
ate November 5.
WILL ENTEnTAO 'COMMITTEE
i OF NATIONAL EDUCATORS
George O. Brehm, ' who went to Los
Angeles as a representative of tha Cal
ifornia. Promotion • Committee .to meet
President ' Schaeffor and- Treasurer
Wilkinson ' of .the '\u25a0 National Educational
Association, telegraphed yesterday
that these gentlemen have approved
the programme arranged by the Pro
motion .Committee covering their three
days' 'S- sstar-;y r -; In San Francisco. The
guests will consider .the Inducements
San Francisco has to offer the 1906
convention of the National -Educational
Association.". A^ trip to Mount • Tamal
pai» and a stay on the summit-over
night is Included and a visit' to Berke
ley and the University of California.
Scenes of interest in and about the city
will ,- be pointed ; -out. The : Promotion
Committee has prepared lists of hotels,
etc., showing the number of delegates
that can be accommodated, together
with rates, also a list of available halls
and their capacity. An Informal ;dinner
willbegiven.by the committee on con
ventions ~of the : California Promotion
Committee. The party will arrive In
the city to-day. V
PROPOSAL TO CONNECT THE
?- : STREET LINES IS BALKED
The Board ' of -Works yesterday
opened bids : for . alterations and addi
tions to the Richmond Grammar School,
the lowest being from - Hannah Broth
ers'at $9373. ~The» ': contract, will be
awarded next Wednesday. ;
"The board; denied the ' petition , of , the
United Railroads '-for a permit to- tear
up' the* i roadway at Polk, Washington
and Jackson. streets for the purpose of
connecting ithe .,': three \u25a0 street railway
lines : thereon r and . also to tear up Pa
cific avenue near ; Devlsadero to Install
a' turn-table thereon. 1
•'; The Aboard ordered' bids invited for
a /sewer: iri Baker 7 street from Union
to Lewis ;v.v granted \ permission . to
the Ocean ' Shore '; Railway Company to
,remoye "'certain: , buildings :?. along; its
right of t way and appointed. M..G. King
an • irispecttor . at ; $4 j per day.
MurinoiEye Remedy— An.; Eye Food.
Soothes and Quickly Cures Allins Eyes.*
Crowds kave come to see tke
zvirelest telegraph operated.
Wonderful as it is interesting.
Demonstrations in charge of
Francis McV-zrlhy, tke boy in-
ventor of tk: wlteless telephone.
io to 12 a. m. and ? to j p. m.
Bustles, 15c JMtfiT
An unusual price for ordi-
nary bustles and these are
made of curled hair, covered
with mercerized material, all sizes.
15c Instead of 50c. The maker need-
ed the money. "We let him have it
and the opportunity we gained Is
ycurs to-day.
/ Cover a Floor
9x9 Feet, $2.95
Do it well, too, or cover a
bigger floor and leave room
for a hardwood edging.
These granite art squares
in pretty Oriental designs are
arousing a little world of fa^
vorable comment this wefc^*
The rug store, second floor, is In-
creasing its scope In anticipation of
twice as much room la the new storo.
Lets of art squares to choose from at
SSJKC
Size 9xlo feet at $3.43; 9x12 at
93.95. , • . .«-,
$20 Will Buy a
Sewing Machine
. A new drop head style, five
drawers, golden oak frame,
ball bearings, complete- set of
attachments.
$20.00 will buy it and we
will give with .it a five years*
guarantee and free lessons.
Put on your hat this morninar, come
to the store and let us show it to
you: It has so many good points we
don t want to tell them here. We
want you to see tha machine, and
then compare it with tire $45.00 ma-
chines in exclusive stores. See what
It means to buy sewing machines in
the Hale new way jvithout paying
for a much advertised name, and for
a lot of superfluous commissions.
' LKKWMAN, President and Manager.
39 STOCKTON ST.. NCAA .MARKET.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
GREATER BARGAINS THAN EVER
FOR OUR
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SPECIALS
Creamery Butter, 1%-lb. square.. 4oc
2-1 b. «qu«re ......I ......53c
Our usual xood quality.
.Minnesota Esrg», per dozen.. . .. .29c
Seeded Raisins nnd Cleaned Cur- •
- rants, 1-lb. pkjc 10c
Reg. 1-Hc. Best brands. Ttaia scaaon'ai ,
Xew Crop Teas, per lb 35c
. Rer. COo. Oolont. Cagl'jh Braakfast.
Ceylon. Japan, Uncolored. family
Imixrd.
Canned Or'ters. 1 1b.. ......... .15c
Rej, 20c. Enowfiaks brand.
French California Peas, per can. .15c
. Rer. We. Code Portwood'a P«Ut Polf.
Klnjsan Bacon. per lb .ISc
Keg-. . 20c. Celebrated Eastern Cars. \u25a0>
31onk Sardines. 3 cans for 25c
Lamotn* & Co':
Rex Extract of Beef 3 4 S <^.
Special 85c «Oc W.#»
Regularly 40c 65c $1.20
Save metal caps and gtt Bourcnir Spoon.
I German Mustard, per Jar .20c
Reg-.-* 23c. Dusaeldorter weln S«nf.
Durkee's Salad Dresslns; larse ami]
Special ".... ...... 4Oc 25c
Regularly .." 50c 309
\u25a0 X!c« for salada and meats. v
Ideal Laundry Soap and St ryfcer's '
- Kitchen Soap, 7 bars for 25c
Res. - 8 for 22c
Mellirood Bourbon, bot. 75c; cal..?S
Rctr. f 1 and J4 |
Aator Rre. bot. OOct sralloa . .. . .$4.00
Reg. $1.25 and $3.
Our Whiskies guaranteed to be rs* and
old. • j
A. V. 11. Gin. from Holland, la r;e
bot. *I. lOi small SUr M
Reg. - 51. 50 and $1.10. Contains gr*at H
medicinal qualities.
Port and Sherry, bot. 25c; 5;a1..91.00H
• Ree. 35c and $1.50. Rictj Savor. - g
Your eyes and
my reputation
! decided me to stop selling-
optical merchandise and fit
eyes ;exc lusi vely.
! — arid so 'we do / only one
thing now— we Gt ey^3.
% . Ktv Adir«33
2 14, Grant Avenue.