THE CALL PRINTS W"« THAN ANY OTHER PAPER PUBLISHED IN^TONCISCO
THE WEATHER.
' % \
Forecast for October 13. 1905:
••Fan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy
FYiday. with for In the morning: fresh
ww»t wind- A. O. MtADIE.
IMetrlet Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVIII— NO, 135.
EX-SENATOR E. J. EMMONS IS GUILTY OF BRIBERY
KERN COUNTY POLITICIAN IS BRANDED AS FELON BY JURY AT SACRAMENTO
Ex-Senator E. J. Emmons of Kern County is guilty of bribery. The jury before- whom -he was tried, after deliberating less than three hours, returned a verdict that will send him to join
Harryßunkcrs behind prison walls. The scene in court when the verdict was rendered was a heart-rending one. The boodlerV faithful wife, who,- during thejorig trial bravely, sat by her husband's
side and cheered him by her presence, upon hearing the words that branded her husband a felon, fell upon her knees and hysterically sobbed out her protestations against the decree of justice.
verdict Found After Short Deliberation by the
Men to Whom His fate Was Entrusted.
Faithful Wife Is
Stunned by Aw
ful Blow.
CASTS HERSELF
UPON HER KNEES
Affecting Scene in
Judge Hart's
A Courtroom.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 12.— Crying out In
futile protest against an inexorable de
cree of justice, hysterical with the shock
cf her sudden bereavement and utterly
prostrated by the blow, Mrs. E. J. Em-
fcions flung herself upon her knees m
Judge Hart's courtroom this evening at
the instant a verdict of guilty was re
inrned hy the jury which has been for
five weeks e::jra£ed In the trial of her hus
band on a charge of boodling. All the
eagerness and. suppressed excitement that
attended the consummation of the long
trial were forgotten in the sudden reali
ratlon of a wife's grief; all the stern
formality of the courtroom was swept
eway in a wave of pity that surged from
every heart, and when Emmons seem
iMgi*-,_uumindfu! of the decree just ren
d'Jtd *.gaJnst him,- srpnrng^'itr nis vlTe'e
aspistanre, every head was turned away;
the voice of Judgp Hart faltered, and the
prbceedings stopped.
Never has there been' tif more pitiable
end to a trial in the department where
*'j many criminals . have found how hard
is the way ' of the transgressor. - The
ehort period engpged in deliberation con
veyed to many of those In attendance a
belief that the jury would return a ver
dict of fruilty, but Emmons, his wife
and his attorneys were to all outward
appearances as confident as at any time
during the trial. Had there been any in
timation given of the result, it is prob
able that the friends of Mrs. Emmons
LWQuld have prevailed upon her. to remain
tff'.ty from The court room during the
laFt trying scene. Emmons himself bore
up bravely and paid not the slightest
cmward attention to the verdict or the
subsequent proceedings while the session
«ts In progress. He appeared much mere
concerned over the condition of Mrs. Em-
I3;ons t and while the responses from the
Jurymen were called for and made, his
Lack was turned to Judge Hart, the ;
clerk's desk, and the jury.
GOES TO WIFE'S AID.
Gently he raised the stricken woman
from the floor, but while her arms en
circled him her head drooped over his
arm as if she were half fainting. Vainly
lie tried to soothe and quiet l*r. Her
*«ob*. broken by inarticulate pleadings,
1 echoed through the still court room, un
til the mother caught sight of Edith, her
little daughter, whose face was turned
toward the back of a big chair at her
father's side, and whose tiny form was
fhaken by convulsive sobs. Again Mrs.
Emmons fell upon her knees, but this
t!m<? it was not in the abandonment of
despair. Tenderly she raised the golden
head and the agony in her voice was
repressed as she endeavored to dry the
little girl's tears."
Half of the spectators in the courtroom
by this time had tears in their eyes and
the 6ilence had become embarrassing.
The clerk finally completed the reading of
the names and Judge Hart asked Grove
L. Johnson if he wanted to set the day
ff»t arguing the motion for a new trial,
iy agreement a week from next Sat
urday was selected and the spectators,
the officials and the jurymen hurriedly
left the court room, where Mra. Emmons
Eat, apparently unmindful ,of her sur
roundings, sobbing while Tier husband
and two of tbe women in attendance en
deavored to calm her.
It was haJf past 5 when tbe jury retired
this evening for deliberation, and two
hours and a half later the verdict of
guilty was rendered. In the meanwhile,
4.he jury had been served with dinner, so
tW' the time Jjlven to discussion of the
<ase was necessarily brief. Just what
transpired in the jury-room will probably
lemain a secret. Before they returned to
the courtroom they entered, as they an
nounced. into an agreement to convey to
no living person an account of the man
ner in which the guilt of Emmons was de
termined. When they left the courthouse
tMj evening, after being discharged from
tho~ custody of the Sheriff, who has had
charge of them for nearly five weeks
n.iist they hurried away in every direc
tion,' refusing absolutely to discuss any
feature of th» case.
EXPECTED liOXG WAIT.
The only utterance that would give any
clew to the number of ballots taken was
elicited from one member of the jury,
who, afters telling of the agreement en
tered into, eaid:
"There is nothing wc^ can say. The
result speaks for itself."
The same remark was made by other
jurymen, showing that It had been agreed
upon, and about the courthouse It was
generally believed that the jury found
for conviction upon the first ballot and
tj*t this was not taken until after the
jt#3' had partaken of dinner, which was
eerved in the jury-room.
After dinner Judge Hart and District
Attorney Seymour settled down In the
Sheriffs office to await the return of the
Continued on Pajpe 2, Column A.
The San Francisco Call.
1 EX-SENATOR WHO WAS YESTERDAY BRANOED AS A BRIBK-TAKER BY A
JURY AND CONFINED TO CELL .ADJOINING THAT OF HARRY BUNKERS
CONVICTED OF THE SAME CRIMK. \u25a0 7-:-~tr a>
»V \u25a0 — \u25a0 — • i '
GOES WITHOUT
GUARD TO THE
REFORMATORY
Convicted Youth Keeps
Faith With Denver
Judge.
Special Dispatch lo Tbe Call.
HITKXA VISTA, Colo.. Oct. 12.—
Charles Jacoby, aged 17, who was sen
tenced to nil Indeterminate" tern* in the
Colorado .State Reformatory, at this
point by Judgo Ban 13. Lindscyiii Den
ver on Monday, arrived hire iast even
ing o:i Rio Grande' train No. '»
and at once started- on the' mile and :i
half walk to the institution, where he
introduced himself and presented his
papers. His arrival was a. surprise to
everybody, as it" was not thought he
would keep faith with Judge Liindsey.
This Is sr.id to be the first time- in th«
history of th<* Suite that a sentenced
criminal was permitted to go unaccom
panied to the place of his 'incarcera
tion. ...... ... ,. ...... . iml
In his talk :tt the Methodist Episcopal
Church at this place last -Saturday,
Judge Lindsey made the Statement that
the first man sentenced by. him to th«s
reformatory, here would be given pa
pers and sent r.10ne... ;tnd he knew that
the sentenced inun would arrive safely.
Jaeoby, although in trouble before, is
bright, and made a good appearance at
the institution, being well dressed and
clean. His reception by, the officials
was decidedly different from that "or
dinarily accorded men of his class.
Jaeoby was > convicted of grand lar
ceny.
Train Kill* Vwo Men.
AUBURN. Oct. 12. — Section Foreman
Horan and a section hand were killed
at Blue Canyon to-night. They were
on a push car and were struck by a
light engine. The bodies were literally
cut to pieces.* "' - ""_ - ' - — • -\u25a0
SAN FRANCISCO, FRTDA^f; OCTOBER 13, 1905.
MARRIED MEN
WAR AGAINST
TEA PARTIES
Parade to the Clubs
Where Wives Are
Congregated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Oct. 12.— Two
hundred husbands .of Wllllamsport,
Warren County,' arc in revolt against
woman's clubs' and social functions,
which, they .say. tlieir wives have cul
tivated until household duties 'have
been neglected and life for men has be
come a burden. .
Expostulations at home having failed
to produce results, the husbands called
a meeting: this afternoon, and while
their wives were .at euchre parties,
pink teas, receptions and the like the
men got together and had a pink tea
themselves. They then marched around
to various places .where their wives
were beinf? entertained and burlesqued
the. women's social functions:
Somo of the wives did not take kind
ly to the intrusion, but others 5 admit
ted that their :husbands had Just cause
for complaint .nnd promised -better
things for the future.
It is declared by the husbands; that
long delayed dinners, constant drains
on the purse, late-hours at night and
languid movements In the day time are
some of the results "of, their wives giv
ing themselves up' to social .functions.
" - '-'\u25a0\u25a0 > -
Alfena Still Pourlnc In.
WASHINGTON. roct;^32.— The report
of the Bureau; or ' Immigration i for Au
gust, issued- to-day, shows; that' 63,409
aliens landed, during the r month, as
compared with: 59,777 for. August, 1904.
The ; greatest number v arrived,- fro ni
Russia, with xtaly; second, and Austria"
third.".' From China there were 215
landed, as compared with 520 for
August; last year \u25a0•'\u25a0•" - ; - '\u25a0\u25a0 ;\u25a0'\u25a0- -...•.
STUDENTS
STAMPEDE
THEATER
Two Hundred From
Campus Become
Riotous,
Leading Man's Sword
Used to Hold Mob
at Bayi
Police Barricade Doorsland
Offenders Pay Manager
Dimages.
\u25a0 . • .\u25a0 . -
BEKKELKY, Oct. 12.— Twojiunclml stu
dents, of the University*^ of California,
fresh" •from a football rally on tho-eAm
pus, mobbed theT3erkeley theater on Shat
tut-k avenue at 10:Stt o'clock' tof night,- plied
pe!l mell into the' audllorlilm, stampedca"
the audience and created an '.lncipient
-panic. " ' ;•/\u25a0• : -/'\u25a0\u25a0',--" ; : :V- ; : v'- ,v;o~.,:., v ;o~., : .
The. crowd of howllitßvcgj^Rlans.^tppk
jpftsscssion - af.-thr-:ijlaV« 3 'bT*slieer 'fJrLc'
Lo*^ numbers, .overpowering |la)uls I-evy,
jthfc door-keeper and, sweeping him w:t
\u25a0 of the entrance. ; They defied the protests
( oi" the playgoers,*; arid put to flight 1 wo-.
! men and children In the mfdst of- the!
I performance. I'roLests and appeals Trom J
j the actors and the management were
fruitless.
The mob of intruders took possession
and only yelled In derision at th« plight
of the stage people who were divided in
their efforts to uuell the disturbance and' l
quiet the audience, frightened, by th-a I
sudilcir and unexpected tumult. While
the throng from the university grounds
carried the night their own way, Geoigu
Crilchrist, the leading man.uf the com
pany, who was impersonating Bertie Ce
cil in "Under Two ' Flags" suddenly
leaped from the stage, swinging hlsTstago
sword, a part "of the costume of the
character. Gilchrist made for the crowd
of students, followed by Ueorge Clawson
and Charles Thorpe, fellow actors.
For a moment a general mele« was at
hand. But before , the ' determined on
j slaught the students gave way a bit and
gathered into a gorner of the playhouse.
Meanwhile, Ralph Chick, manager of the
show place, having exhausted his ef
forts to restore quiet, sent an alarm for
the police. Chief Vollmer, routed out of
bed, responded with a posse of six men.
The police surrounded the theater, bolted
and barred the doors, holding the &X)
students inside prisoners. The disturbed
audience had been dismissed, such as: had
not escaped at the outset. Then Vollmer,
displacing the actors, took the center ot
the stage and addressed the now some
what subdued youths from the campus.
He declared they were all subject to ar
rest for a gross breach of the peace and
he laid down the law as firmly as his
abilities permitted. Coupled with his ad
dress was a strong warning.
Chick announced that -the damage was
done not only to his property by the
rowdyism of the invading _band. but to
his business. -He demanded immediate
! compensation for the losses, and was ur
gent that the ringleaders of the mob be
jailed. The students, not relishing the
prospect, held a quick consultation. A
hat was passed and nearly • JlOO was
raised on^tho spot as recompense. Those
in the mob also made themselves liable
to meet the balance of the* damage. Af
ter this settlement the police withdrew
their cordon and unbarred the doors, al
lowing the students to depart. The iden
tity of the men was learned' in some
cases, but until Manager Chick and the
police decide whether/further steps will
be taken, they will not- disclose who are
the culprits. The chief 'alarm among
many of the students who took part in
the affair was that the university officials
might take cognizance of it. .
CHOKUS GIELS 3UCK
THE TIGER AT RENO
Clink, of Gold ajicl Rattle of
Dice Stirs Maids' Sport
ing; Blood. :
RENO, Oct... 12.— Reno sports were last
night' entertained by ? the strange : spec
tacle' of a party of twenty or more
stylishly dressed and, handsome young
women fiercely/ bucking the tiger in the
large gambling of 'this, city." The
women were ,a parfy of "chorus girls
traveling with the Williams- :. Ideal Ex
travaganza ' Burlesque' Company, which
played an engagement here last night. :
After the performance I the \u25a0; girls started
out with'their escorts to- take, in the
town. They were admitted to the gaming
houses where the .\u25a0 clink- of coin - and '\u25a0 rat
tle .of .the dice is heard [all the time and ;
after watching the- garnes;;for: a short
time, , their /sporting ;. nature \ was aroused
and . soon • they. were;' plunging, as heavily
as any, old. gambler in ; the house.*,; Some
of { the girls squandered '.their ? whole : sal
ary on the : turn vof l the j'cards r and l were
compeHed '. to from* the \u25a0 manager.*
Othersb % were-; more -fortunate 'and "suc
ceedea in' winning neat sum. '—• '; ."\u25a0\u25a0: — '
ELLIS SAYS HE MADE ESCAPE BEFORE
ASSAILANTS LEFT THE HOUSE.
Pair Who Attempted to Murder Him Evidently Came to This City
by Key Route Boat.
SOME OK THE IXCIUGNTS ATTEXPINO THE ' FIRST MEETING BCTWEEXELUS AND BRUSH IN .AUSTRALIA THF7IR
SUBSEQUENT INTIMACY AND. THE FINAL, ATTEMPT' TO COMMIT -JIURDEH IN THE BERKELEY COTTAGE. PHO
TOGRAPH OF BAGGAGE LEFT: IN, THE HOUSE. - ; " \u25a0 .
An excited couple, who, it is believed, nre Brush and hln consort, the people who roo bed and attempted to
murder William ;Klllsi; KIllsi In Berkeley on Tuesday, recisterd \u25a0 at . the' St.*- Fraii els. Hotel In 'this city at 8 o'clock
yesterday mornlngr. They "left hurriedly in the afternoon, without \u25a0 havlns previously ventured from the suite
assigmed them. . Tbe man wrote "W. Parsons and wife, Santn Uoin," on the register. The clerk thought at the
time, because of the strancer's excitement, that the 'name was a fictitious one. The couple bad no bassagr,
not even: a hand satchel. They answered the description of Ellis* assailants.' /.'
THIEF AROUSES
HOUSEHOLD BY
PLAYING PIANO
Special Dispatch tb The Call.
LORAINE. 0., Oct. 12.— The family of
James Allenbauch of rElryia- was aroused
last night by the sound .of their piano.
AHcnbauch j found a roughly; dressed man
seated at the grand piano, playing Han
del's "Messiah.". -V
One classic followed; another- for _ some
time. Then the ; fellow, still unconscious
of his :: auditors;* "'f ell forward *on -.the
piano," his head' buried in : his arms. <
At ''the first "move of /• Allenbauch >he
leaped »to his feet as if. to escape. Being:
assured there was no' danger, 'he! gave
the name of John Schmunk.*; He says he
was ' aY musician by profession, ; but be-"
came criminal 'and • served a : term ••. in
prison^ *He sald^ he had ; entered v; the
house to' rob 'it. ; -On seeing - the ? piano he"
could 'not' resist "the ; temptation to touch
the?keys. * VI, '\u25a0'.JJ:?.'''. ';'.'\u25a0 -v '.- ".'\u25a0 ," ;
;-Schmunk '.was ;given J a place to .sleep,:,
a , suit' of.' clothing and 1 a'-'lSO^bill' to • start
him*, upward rafea'hi v :> *;•' Zj: >\*;*\ nn ' "-' i
\\ \u25a0 «^.' THE THEATERS. /V /
/^^^ _-—^^ .^
j^*~> -ii ~ ~ — '^ *v*<'j .^r
'CENTRAL— "The Whltecaps."
COLUMBIA— "MereIy Mary Ana*"
CHUTES— Vaudeville. Matlne*. f \u25a0
GRAND— "The Sultan of Sulu.'*
MAJESTIC— "Humbur."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TTVOL.! — Grand Opera.
BEItKEI-KT, Oct. 12 Startling con
firmation of- tbe truth of .the police
theory that TVUliam Rills, the turf man
of '' Australia. . uas. to ! have '- been mur
drrrd'nnd hi* body, cat up by "William
Brush, alias Curtis, and his female com
panion yesterday In 'the '"quiet cottase
occupied by the Druah duo In Brrkeley,
\u25a0nan ! supplied to-tluj- when .Kill*, after
rcunlnlnc; ' complete ,\*on»clou»nr as, re
vl<ted his original; account of the mur
derous - aasault committed upon him.
He. baa chanced his story In a tray that
\u25a0ee'ius'to 'demonstrate conclusively that
death In terrible form itiw planned to
be -dealt ' out ' to him liy Brush and the
beautiful youDßr numaD nho .accom
panied both' men here-- from Australia.
• So practically, did the ; pair -of I vam
pires \u25a0 prepare . for, their fenst of blood
that \ they : removed all , ftuperfluous : up
per Rarmenti ' and v» hen the, Intended
victim . entered . tbe '/execution V room
Brush n«« In his shirt sleeves and the
fair demon ' who wai to asuht In the
butchery, wore <- no * waist -, that ? mlsh t
catch bloodstain*. \u25a0'' -; \u25a0'.'• ,•:"\u25a0>-\u25a0 . :
'.Ellis said to-day that he Ttraa' robbed
«f : fROO -by* his Miuuiilnnt*, , Inntead of
$5000, : asSltated :by him yesterday \u25a0in
Ms delirium. . • • :
-Ellis'- escaped death "; by luck and an
extraordinary combination ; 'of ' circum
stances Jand will- live to help . ferret- out
his": would-be assassins. .*\u25a0 Luck, too, of a :
kind. .appears \ tb , : be with- the murderous
couple that fled from, Berkeley after their
scheme i to ' rob '/and " murder and -'dismem
ber .'i the » rich 'turfman 1 had ": almost" com
pletely.' failed, for despite v tnej efforts \u25a0of
the "police .in -every, city around the'bay
-' Coii tin u'ed • ©v* Page ( 2,' Column • I.' . '
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
NATION WILL
TEACH BLACK
MEN TO FARM
Special" Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.— Secretary
"Wilson has in mind a plan to uplift
many of the blacks and make them
self-supporting by giving them a.
knowledge of general agriculture, thus
enabling them to do something else be
sides raisins: cotton.
" As a result of the conference between
Secretary Wilson and a prominent
planter. William Polk of Alexandria,
an ; expert will be sent to Alexandria
and a Government experiment farm
conducted on which knowledge of the
*oil will be carefully taught to the ne
groes. Polk, who has studied. the situ
ation carefully, contends that it is bet
ter to teach the negroes to farm intel
ligently than' to have them learn
trades.
Death of Onke'i Sister.
; LONDON, Oct. 12.— Lady Isabel WIN
»on. sister of the Duke of Roxburghe
(who married Miss May Goelet). died
to-day at Priory, YorkshlTv- ' •2
ELLIS SAYS, 'm . ; |^ii|iliW
: FROM HOUSE TO STREET.
Australian Whose Murder Was Attempted Grows
Better and Gives New Details to Police.
SUSPICIOUS PAIR REGISTER AT HOTEL
( «>iilini:r<l IV«on Pase I, Column C.
and the work cl detectives a( Interioi
l<oints the fleeing cojj;.le have eiudfed their
l-ursjuers.
OC.U'LID OX KUV ItOLTK.
The pebe* ucoare Uwy hav-j jio IJurtUct
citw to th« movements ot Brash tne
woman thu:i is supplied by persons wi;u
*ay pc^iiiveiy that me pair took tne Key
iioui^ electric train for £a.n i-ianosco at
Uelesraph a\<n^c and fcwtieth Street at
l:ij o'clock yesicrcay afternjon. tfroxn
\nai unit the taoviooeßU of Brush aivu
h.!» 80-c&lled w;fc are ohrouded la :ays-
Tciy.
Elks' kt^ry of his struck- for life
\>ith the couple yesterday aiiternoo:;, as
corrected by him io-d^y. proves t!.ai
MMT6 robbery was but a minor feature
ul the U'useJy the Iftusbes were pre
pared to enact. Originally, while in a
partially uazed coitUition. KlUs said
thai brush, leaning over the chair in
which tiic horse man sa.t, innocently
preparing to partake of luncheon,
ttruck :.iin with a heavy black
smith's hammer, knocking him partly
Beiiseless, ri:lct] Ellis' pockets or' l^>ii'i
in bank notes ur.il then with the woman
hurriedly left the house.
What purzlcd the police, in connection
wiili -.his acce-utit givea by Kills, was the
presence in the house of weapons that
could hardly ba accounted tor except
Cpon tho theory that murder and Uisinem
benaent of the victims tiudy was con
templated. If mere assault a:id robbery
v/fi-e all that and his "wife" ex
pected io pc.pcira.e, as indicated by
tht-ir huiricd liight from the scene when
the rubbery was committed, why should
* biaail unsexui] of murderous weapons
ha\> boon prepared and arranged in a
rjom adjoining the dming-room where
the asfuult took place? Yet t«liis' state
ment xr-.m they tied after striking and
rubbi!:;: him a^jieared to pet the ouo in
the categoty yi plain thieves and left
coniDlt-le.y unexplained the presence of
a big c&vvtng knife, a murderous looking
dirk, a earv.ng fork, a pair of scissors.
two pairs of ruboer gloves and a butue of
su'ici. all tucked away beneath tne pil
iows on the b«d in the room adjoining
the dining-room.
Ul.M> LIiAVKS HOUSE MUST.
icAiim naya uov\, ujiuu completely rc
c-o»frins bin K«-n~«'« aud his lui-iuory.
• ii:>l he <i.ojint irii;.. the house first
uuil (lint i.is. aisallaula' attempts to
•»t-»i> in in iv the ruom failed, they leav
uik utter be- had nurcrcdrd In fighting
titem on* «ml graining an exit through
the front door. They feared to fol
low him and continue the struggle out
feidr, aa the liuusc Is In a thickly net
tleu [lrigrhborhood, 100 feet from the
unit entity campus, almost in the heart
of tiu- city.
What is clear to the police doit, In
View of KHiit* revined story of bis fight
with U illiiim and Hilda Brush, is that
Kills' reitiHtance foiled the plans of the
couple to murder him, cat him up, puck
nn:iv hi* remains, clear up the signs
of the tragedy and quietly slip away
with KlUn* money to parts where they
<-ould easily be hidden from all pur
\u25a0arnu
Now it is understood why the Brush
c< uple took up the carpet in the dining
room, rolled it up and placed it away,
VubjEtituting for the carpet two big sheet.*
of oil cloth, which lay loosely upon the
floor, ready to be taken up when the
bloody body of Eilis should be dropped
upon it. The bath tub was a few feet
aw;<y. the keen-edged carving knives and
ratrh<n wore under the pillows, right
at hand; the pcssors, rubber gloves,
acid and every implement necessary to
complete the work of butchery upon El
lis was prepared.
BRUSH NOT MUSCULAR.
What is regarded as most extraordinary
is that Kills should have been ablo to put
up f=o strenuous - light against two armed
persons who were determined to take his
life, and eventually to escape from their
clutches while in his head was a gap
ing hol» made by the big stool hammer
which William Brush wielded.
Ellis, it appears, is a man of great vi
tality, and unusual strength. Ills assail
ant, Brusn, is not a strong man. Brush
ls> more than e:x feet tall and yet he
weighs but 14t» pounds. Tali, slender,
and with little muscular strength. Brush's
blow with the hammer did not affect the
victim as it would had a strong man de
livered it_ It partly Stunned Ellis, and
still he gave battle against both the
man and the woman who fought him,
knocking a pistol from the woman's hand,
and dealing Brush a sturdy blow on the
Jaw.
StuKgerlnc to the door, intent upon
ItrCtSaß; <tut of the house of death. Kills
fnught Mm way. the woman ncreani!as
i-ml HriiMb vainly trying to again use
the heavy hamn.er upon the struggling
Sigh-(gra&e (Ctathters
No Branch Stores and No Agents
SLOTHES BETTERMENT
REQUIRES EXPERIENCE
9F MEN EEHIND THE SHEARS
iND MEN BEHIND THE NEEDLE.
)UR STOCK REPRESENTS
THE ACME CF CLOTHES TALENT.
THIS SEASON CUR MODELS
WILL PLEASE AND SATISFY
MEN IN ALL WALKS OF LIFE.
Truth. Merit and Int*nt:
three cardln&l qualities
of the progressive
M a k er and Merchant
In the Clothing Arena.
We f c c 1 r J c h tJn <
doing business our war;
.- . •• Vtlnt for Value."
l&earttß street
W. hurl oui Mlo e h
man. Kills did mnkc his escape from
(be house, and thus was foiled the
vilest part of the plot to rob and kill
the turfman and cut up his body.
SURPRISED AT XEGLIGISE.
Ells states that he was a' bit surprised
v.-hen, upon his arrival at the house oc
cupied by the Urushes in 'Berkeley yes
terday afternoon, he found the woman
without a waist upon her person, and
Brush in his shirt sleeves. He recalls now
that the woman was agitated. He ig
nored the fact that the carpet had" been
removed from the floor and temporary
covering of oil cloth substituted, and was
in every way completely unprepared for
that which his -"friends"- proposed -to deal
out to, him.
The police and detectives again inter
viewed Ellis at the hospital to-day. He
is recovering and was able to talk freely
of his terrible experience. Marshal. Volh
mer took down a report of his story just
as he told it. The statement made by
Ellis and given out by Vollmer to-night
is here given in full:
I tirst met Brush in the National Sporting
Cbd; ot Sydney. Australia, when he introduced
himself tc rae, and staled that he was a horse
owner In -\ratrica. iie spoke of the poseibili-
Ui_s of making' nioxwy in America, and being
sjxewhit depiivus ol ooming to this country
1 accepted m proposition from him to come to
America arid work tor hfrn aa trainer.
We ie:t Australia on the steanier Sierra,
stopped off at Honolulu and completed our
journey on the Sonoma, arriving here on Oc
lul*?r X. White in Australia Brush claimed to
be short of money, and borrowed from me on
several uoca6ions. 1 <io not know the exact
aiiioant. but believe it to be somewhere In the
neighborhood of J^\JOO.
The members oi the club seemed to have a
natural dlMtke for the man, for what reason I
cannot gay, and on several occasions warned
me. one ot them even going so far as to say
that he believed the f«ilow to be v. thief.
Oa the boat coming over 1 Indulged in sev
eral gan-.tH with cards and invariably, lost to
him. He was accused by one of the men on
the boat of robbing him In one of the games,
and this put n:« somewhat on my guard. On
the night of our arrival we \u25a0 stopped at the
Occidental Hotel in San Krancisco. and the
following morning the three of ua came to
iWrke!ey. where Hrutsh and his wife secured a
lurnished house through a real estate dealer.
I was Induced to remain with them that
evening, but was a little bit suspicious of the
couple, so. that evening, before retiring. I put
tho bed against the doo.* and remained awake
all night. The next morning I engaged apart
ments at the Hotel Touraine in Oakland. I
root them several times alter this by appoint
ment, but was becoming more and more suspi
cious of them every day, since they seemed
anxious to avoid every one and did not care to
meet any of my friends, nor did. they seem
to have any friends here, although I was led
to believe from their talk that their friends
were numerous In this country.
FIGHTS WAY TO DOOR.
Tuesday I met them by appointment, and we
went to Golden Gate Park and the Chuteß.
He was then trying to induce me to go to
New York, with him. and said he was arrang
ing to leave the following day. We took in
the- numerous attractions at the Chutes, but
when I suggested the three of us being photo
graphed together he positively reiuaed and
taettully avoided the subject again. How
ever. fortunat«iy .for me, as it may be the
means of appreiier.tjing 1 • the people, I Induced
them to be weighed and measured on one of.
the numerous scales about the place.
On our way to the ferry they tried to get
me to go home with them, but being a little,
too persistent, and ' having a considerable
amount of money with me, I decide not- to go
with them. During the night I decided to go
to New York with th?m, and early in the
morning called at their place of reslcjence In
Berkeley, but did not find them at home. I
then returnf-d to Oakland and shipped my
trunks to San Francisco from the Fourteenth
street depot. \u25a0 After having lunch, I met
Brush, who was waiting for me outside
of the hotel. I then introduced him to the
lady of the house and accepted his invitation
to go to Berkeley.' Arriving there. 1 noticed
that Mrs Brush, or Milda, us she was called,
was .-onsiderably agitated. I mentioned the
fact, but she did not answer. I also noticed
that she wore no bodice! This also appeared
very strange to me, and I also mentioned that
v> them, but sines no explanation was offered
1 let the matter- drop. \u25a0
Being a trifle warm, I took my hat and coat
off ajad repaired to the dining-room, where,
after considerable coaxing on their part, I ac
cepted their invitation to partake of a light
luncheon. I had Just watcd myself and was
raising' a spoonful of marmalade to my mouth,
when 1- was struck from behind. I fell oft the
chair. I was not entirely unconscious and
got a glance of Brush standing behind me with
a hammer in one hand and a dagger In the
other. •
I attempted to rise, and as I did so he struck
m» two more blows. He th»n put his hands' ln
my hip pocket and took five one hundred dol
lar American bills that I. had with me. Thin
seemed to bring me to ray- senses, and I struck
him on the Jaw with my left hand...
I then rose and found the wojjian. standing
and pointing a revolver at me. .This 1
knocked from her hand- wl^h my right hand
and made Tor the door as fast, as I possibly
could in my dnzed condition. •--'• •" i
Ju¥t as I arrived at the door he . made a
terrible lunge at me with the hammer again,
but fortunately missed me. I then ran as
hard as 1 could to get away from the place,
and r*m*mber falling into a stable.
Then all was blank to me until I awakened
on the operating table.
SBEN BY CONDUCTORS.
Marshal Voilmer of Berkeley, who is
tracing the fugitives from this end, has
learned that the uair took a Shattuek
avenue car from the corner of Bancroft
way and rode to the corner of Fortieth
street and Telegraph avenue. - They
reached Fortieth street at 3:15 o'clock
and waited for the Key Route train
which arrived at 3:34. The conductor
on the street car is positive in his iden
tification of the couple. He has been
interviewed by the detectives, but his
name has not been secured by the local
police. The conductor, on the Key
Route train is also positive that the.
man and the woman who rode on his
train are the criminals who made the
fiendish attack on Ellis. He says that
he noticed the couple coming from the
city on two other occasions and that
he could not be mistaken as to the peo
ple. Both the street-car man and the
Key Route conductor agree on the de
scription of the woman. They say she
wore a brown "auto" coat and brown
hat.
. Mrs. F. N. Moulton, who resides on
Hearst avenue, -in \u25a0 Berkeley, was
riding, to Oakland on a Telegraph
avenue car at about 3 minutes to
3 yesterday afternoon. She says
that a man and woman whose descrip
tion, answers that' of Brush and. his
companion boarded the car at the .cor
ner of Telegraph and Bancroft. The
woman seemed to be agitated and eyed
Mrs. Moulton suspiciously. The two
rode about 100 feet and then the wo
man- said, "Oh, we are on th« wrong
car." - \u25a0 :
They signaled the conductor to stop,
and returned to Bancroft and walk
ed hurriedly down the street toward
Shatfjok avenue. This • would have
given them just tim« to catcli the 3:15
car at Shattuok and Bancroft.
Thf: report that tho mysterious wom
an companion who was assisting Brush
in the horrible plot to munrder and rob
waf» a member of tho famous Howard
gang of swindlers was called* to the at
tention of Chief \u25a0 Vollmer to-night, and
he promptly, discredited "*n.ny - such
theory. The 1 Howard gang, including
Mrs. Augustus Howard, wife of the
leader, operated In San Francisco about
seven years ago.
Never has a rrime so stirred, the peo
ple of Berkeley as the affair of yester
day. All this morning and till dark
crowds of curious people gathered
about the little cottage on Ellsworth
street., in the shadow of the Presbyte
rian Church, where the attack on Ellis
was made. i
The costly wardrobe and collection of.
TH^S^NFRANQSCOCALL,- FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13; 3905.
trunks and suit cases left by the crimr
iuals'in their hasty flight after the mis
carrlaarc^of their plans have been taken
to the Marshal's office. These articles
were all inspected by detectives and
visitors at police headqarters to-day.
The Mothlng oi" both Brush and the
woman show taste and refinement Sllka
and satins ;\nd lingerie of the Orient
texture and SMlta o£ costly material and
perfect tailorlnp fill the trunks and suit
cases. All these articles have been
thoroughly- searched, but no tell-tale
evidence or o!ew to the real identity of
the remarkable criminals has been
found. \u25a0
Ellis has identified himself as the
person who accompanied the Brushes to
S. B. Kenfleld's office when the Ells
worth-street cottage was rented. The
fact that he had been in such Iriendly
touch with the pair has given rise to
the theory that Ellis' relations with
the man and woman were closer than
he has admitted. Ellis has said Brush
told him he was a fugitive from Jus
tice; that he had been compelled to
flee from Chicago after shooting: a man.
The horseman knew of Brush's swin
dling at cards on the steamship, and
had other information that did not put
his new-found friends in a clean light.
ELLIS THE THIRD PARTY.
It is suspected that the" Brush pair
had in mind something more than the
robery of Kills" when they rented the
cottage. They might have been plan
ning to lure others to destruction, say
the police. In the effects of the pair
was found to-night a silver maple leaf,
one one side of which was inscribed,
"Always remember the true friends,
for they are indeed very scarce. Sam
Kronfeld, Auckland, N. Z., 22 Aug.,
1905."
• Dr, McNulty, ship's surgeon of the
steamship Sonoma, on which the trio
arrived, related Incidents concerning
the ' Brushes to his mother. The doc
tor is iv San Francisco under treat
ment for blood poisoning. Mrs. Mc-
Nulty, his mother, who resides «t 1637
Oxford, street, Borkeley, said to-night:
"My'son spoke of these people when
he came home, because of the attention
they attracted on the steamship. They
had second-class passage. He told me
about Mrs. Curtis, as she was known,
being very pretty, but she did not stand
in very good repute during the voyage.
Her conduct was not becoming. My son
also stated how Brush was caught
cheating at a card game. One of the
passengers, who was standing behind
him, saw him hold some cards up his
sleeve and exposed the siwndler."
DOUBTS ROBBERY STORY.
"Bob" Larlos Says Ellin Never Had
Large Sum of 3loney.
"Bob" Larios, well known about
town, says he knew William Ellis
when he used to drop into the Cali
fornia Hotel bar. Larios said: "Ellis
used to drop! in frequently at the Cali
fornia bar. fie would occasionally say
that- he expected remittances from Au
stralia.'* At' other times he would say
he was going to train horses for Tom
Williams. He : was very fond of the
fair sex> an,d'.'was always watching the
pretty vrbjhen go by the hotel. I never
saw him display any large sums of
money. From his actions and what I
know of him I doubt very mucn the
robbery- story.".
William Brush and wife, wno are ac
cused by William Ellis of having at
tacked him in Berkeley, are registered
as having arrived at the Occidental
Hotel on October 2. They stayed there
one night. They brought a large
amount of baggage from Sydney and
Brush raised a great commotion in the
hotel because the express company was
slow in bringing it up from the steam
ship.
CUTS UP BODY
OF HIS VICTIM
NEW YORK, Oct. 12:— The finding of a
man's hea<l in East Eighteenth street,
near Avenue C, early to-day, resulted in
the discovery of an unusually revolting
murder, the victim of which was Thomas
Corcoran. Corcoran was killed probably
last night in the house at No. 149 Third
avenue. After the head was picked up
in the street the other portions of the
body were found cut to pieces in the
Third-avenue house.. The arms below. the
elbows and legs below the kne*s had been
packed in a suit case and the torso and
remaining portions of the armg and legs
were hidden in a' clothes hamper in a
room occupied by Frederick Bauer, an
elevator runner. Bauer was arrested.
The point at which the head was found
is more than a quarter of a mile away
from 149 Third avenue. The h«ad was
wrapped in the Sunday supplement of
a German newspaper and a blue and
white shirt. ! -
The murder was discovered through a
story told by George Lanole, who had a
room adjoining. Bauer's, and who rushed
into the police station to-day saying that
he had lain awake for hours listening
to noises which .he thought proceeded
from Bauer's room. He said that late
last night he ncard.-at least two men
quarreling in the adjoining room. Ha
heard a shot and the sound of some one
falling on the floor. Then he went to
sleep. About 2:30 o'clock this morning
Lane j said he .was awakened by strange
no.ses in the room where the shot, had
been heard. Twice ''a man opened the
door and he went out. and Lanole, aicer
lying awatto listening for somet ime, de
cided • that some of the -sounds he heard
wtre caused by bones being broken. 1 This
suspicion caused him to notify the police.
Bauer was found entering his room by
the police and said to them: "I found
my room like this when I awoke this
morning." ' . \u25a0"
He said that he had brought two men
to his room last night, one a soldier.
Bauer fell asleep while these' men talked,
he said, and when he awoke the soldier
was gone, leaving the other's body as, the
police found it. . . ,
The police found that Bauer's socks, the
right arm'of his_ undershirt, and the right
arm of an outer shirt were covered with
blood. A badly .nicked razor was found
on top of . a trunk in Bauer's room and
a revolver with one chamber empty was
also found in the rpom'.r. -%< • .
Bauer, who is -39. years old; is employed
as \u25a0 an elevator . man at -the -Union Square
HoteU and when- he went to 1 work to-day
he; wan sent; home -because of extreme
, nervousness. ; iAn examination of Corcpr
an's head showed ;^hat* he had been shot
in the face.\ the. pojice, make the allega
tion thatit'Wfs'a'ptlme of :
- Corcoran Vcame's here; from.-.lreland^^sev
eral .years ago ''and ',ma4e 'Jits : home In this
city with a 'married sister. /He was a
ticket chopper* on tho elevated railroad. •
" \u25a0 . * \u25a0 .
GUILTY
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
jury. • It was generally believed that the
deliberation would be prolonged, and some
of those interested in the result resigned
themselves to a vigil to be terminated,
as they thought, when Judge Hart would
order the. jury locked up for the. night.
At .ten minutes to S, however. Deputy
Sheriff Ben Chambers .came j from the
Jury-room and notified Judge Hart that
|.a verdict had been reached. There was
a brief interval allowed for the attorneys
•to be notified, and -meanwhile the news
had been flashed beyond the precincts of.
the courthouse. Judge Hart took hta
seat on the bench at three minutes to 8,.
and by that time the courtroom held
fully 100 people.
District Attorney Seymour, with Attor
neys Jones and Platnauer, were engaged
-in whispered conversation at one.jend of
the table., while Emmons, whose attor
neys had not yet arrived, listened smil
ingly to the prattle of his 10-year-old
daughter, who was seated at his., side.
Mrs. Emmons, with Mrs. Eli Wright,
occupied the seat just behind, her hus
band that she has occupied since the first
day of the trial.
On the stroke of 8 the jury .filed into
the courtroom and took their, seats in
the box. Emmons did not even turn
around as the door opened, nor did he
look in the direction. when the verdict was
rendered. Mrs. Emmons scanned the
faces of the first two or three, then turned
away. On the heels of the jurymen Grove
L. Johnson entered and took a seat by
Emmons' side. ' - :
VERDICT IS GUILTY. •
Clerk M. J. Sullivan called the names
of the twelve Jurymen and said, as he
has adid many times since the trial be-
San: :'-;j: '-;j
"All present) your Honor."'
Then Judge Hart, addressing the
Jury, asked: '\u25a0\u25a0
"Have you agreed upon a verdict,
gentlemen?"
"We have," replied . the jurymen in
chorus.
'•The foreman will read the verdict,"
directed the court.
And W. H. Sherburn, rising from his
seat, read:
The Slate of California v». E. J. Em
niuni, Defendant! We, the jury ia the
above entitled action, find the defend
ant guilty urn charged.
Almost before the people in' the
courtroom had grasped the full signifi
cance of the result, a cry from Mrs.
Emmons had startled all present. The
wife of the convicted man flung her
self upon her knees upon the floor, her
head resting in the lap of Mrs. Wright.
An intense silence succeeded the inter
ruption and for a full minute there
was no sound save the hysterical cries
of Mrs. Emmons. Judge Hart, visibly
affected, was the first to recover. He
directed the clerk to poll the jury, and
after reading the verdict Clerk Sullivan
asked each member if he had agreed to
the verdict: Meanwhile, the sobs of
Mrs. Emmons and her fresh outburst of
grief at the sight of her child had af
fected every one in the courtroom,; and
the proceedings', 'after the date for ar
guing the motion for' a new trial had_
.been set, were speedily brought to an
end. '\u25a0;-.; ,„ . ..; : -_'. • j'j '
Half of the jurymen were crying as£
they left the courtroom. District- At-*,
torney. Seymour' preceded "them up: the
stairway, and as 'h6- : passed them one
of the men who voted to find Emmons t
guilty said: ' '. '
"D — n such work. You'll never get
me on another Jury."
Judge Hart, himself on the verge of
tears, sought the privacy of his cham
bers and in a few moments the corridor
was emptied except for Mrs. Emmons,
two' other ladies and Attorney Irwin,
who accompanied the wife of the con
victed ex-Senator. \u25a0 " \u25a0 . . ,-.-,
Judge Hart had made 1 an ' order re
manding Emmons to the custody of the
Sheriff, and as he left the courtroom
Deputy Sheriff George Wittenbrock ac-'
companied him down the stairway that
leads to the jail. Mrs. Emmons fol-'
lowed through the street entrance and
in a moment the husband and j wife
were together in an inner apartment in
the Sheriff's bftice. Mrs. Emmons re
mained until some time afterward.
Emmons was locked up as soon as
she departed, it being evident that he
wished- to be left alone. -Jailer Tim'
Hagerty assigned Emmons to a cell in
the woman's department, adjoining
that in which Harry Bunkers, sen
tenced to five years for" complicity in
the same crime, has been incarcerated
for many weeks past.
Hottentotd Defeat Germans.
CAPE TOWN. Cape Colony. Oct. 13.—
Morengo and Morris, chiefs of the re
bellious Hottentots of German South
west Africn. have captured Jerusalem
Camp, uetweon -Warmbad and Scuit
Drift, after severe fighting, during
which Lieutenant Surmand and fivo
men wore killed and eight men wero
wounded. The Hottentots sustained no
losses and captured all the stocks and
6tores. r
Several Germans were made prison
ers, but after being disarmed were al
lowed to return to Lieutenant General
yon Trotha,, commander of the German
forces, with a letter from Morengo
saying that the Hottentots were now
in a position to take the offensive and
would fight to the finish. '
Tho German garrison .at
hearing that Morengo was in the vicin
ity, burned itp stores, deserted it's pos^
and . retired to Descondesdam." The gar
rison at Nkaas' has been strengthened- by
900 men and a battery of 'artilkry. /
I :COAT SHIRT - I
a- "on and off like a coat.!*; No 'stretch- I
a ing and twisting—just comfort. Fast I
a colors and white— sl.so aud moro at I
H CIDEIT, PEABODY 4 CO.. Troy. R. T. m
MT tartwt Makers «t Shift* »ad Cellm ta Xh» World V|g
FIVE CASES
OF CANCER
ARE CURED
RadiuniTreatineiit
Is Declared a
Success. ,
Solution Injected Into
Diseased tissue by.
••\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 Means of Rods.
Special DJspatch to The Call.
. NEW YORK,' Oct. 12.— That five persons
nave, been cured of cancer in the Flower
Hospital. by the use- of radium coatings
on celluloid rods inserted into . the dis
eased parts was the substance of a paper
read to-night by Dr. William H. Diffen
baoh,~ U'nued States delegate to the In
ternational Medical Congress at The
Hague, before the Homeopathic Medical
Society of the county of New York.
i In only one of six cases which he
treated. Dr. Diffenbach said, his effort
met with defeat. In that case the dis
ease was far advanced.
Dr. Diffenbach explained that for sev
eral years, in all experiments in the
Flower j Hospital, hermetically sealed
tubes containing radium' were used, but
it was found that in such form the
radium did not overcome the mechanical
obstacle. *
Through the experiments of Hugo
Lleber of>thiB city, he said, a solution
was finally' discovered or radium bromide
and gelatine, which, while havlng v «ll
the properties of pure radium, could "be
used to coat rods of celluloid or solid
rubber. ' ' With the coating of radium
bromide and gelatine on it, the rods were
inserted into slight incisions in the dis
eased part and allowed to remain there
for about two hours. After an interval
of two days the method was again fol
lowed and after several such treatments
the radium had the effect of destroying
pj / -X This Swell
Coat for Girls /^J~4^'
If every mother knew what many mothers do know about our values in boys*
clothes, we would have about all lthe trade in San Francisco (or juvenile clothing.
Many mothers, however,- have found out that they can save from $2 to $4 on
suits according to the quality of the garments purchased. This news is spreading
—that's why we are growing — that's why we require two immense departments.
As an inducement to get you to call, we offer these two specials:
Special NO 1 T^ is s P ccia * consists °^ a $ 2 -S° suit anc *a Joe cap — all to be
«* •" sold for $2.45. You can have your choice of two styles of
BOyS &UltS suits. One is a Buster Brown as pictured — with bloomer
pants, long Russian blouse with handsomely embroidered design on the sleeve;
The other is an Eton Norfolk — -a double breasted Norfolk coat with Eton
collar and plain knee pants, embroidered and braided; colors — blues, grays and
browns; ages 5 to 8 years. '
\u25a0 The cap which goes with either suit is called the Parsifal, though it looks
like a Tarn O'Shanter of patent leather.
Sneeldl NO 2 This Peter Thompson coat has made a decided hit among
JP. tVV* * the girls. It's a clever coat for girls from 4 -to 12 years.
GirlS v^OfltS Comes in all-wool blue worsted-cheviot, double-breasted
style, two rows of brass buttons, handsome chevron on sleeve as pictured, detach-
able belt so that the garment can be worn with loose box effect if desired.
Special price,v $5.85.
iwY , ,* 1 n j!^, You are cordially Invited to the Concert In our Art Reception Room
INOtlCe tO tile L,iluieS. every afternoon and Saturday evening, Powell and Hills Sts. store
B Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of aolhing *
Two Large Stores llfii^
740 Market Street and Cor. Powell and Ellis
FISH BECAMES
GERMAN DIET
Meat Famine So Serious That
the Municipalities Are
:\u25a0 Trying to Aid Citizens
APPEAL TO CHANCELLOR
Price Rises by Bounds and
Horses and Rabbits Are
Used Instead of Cattle
BERLIN, Oct. 12.-rThere la much evi
dence to show that Germany's meat
famine is growing worse. Reports from
all parts of the country make mention
of the measures that are being taken to
abate the famine. At Rlsent. a confer
ence of the municipalities in the region
decided to establish regular rabbit mar
kets and in Munich rabbit stalls have
already been. opened. .• - -;
Since horse flesh' has risen in price and
dog flesh is no longer obtainable, a num
ber of municipalities "have begun" buying
carloads of sea flsh at th« coast towns and
Belling them at cost to citizens. This ex
pedient was first adopted at Sollngen. but
has spread to various Westphalian cities.
to Posen and ev«n to Bavarian towns.
The latest Government statistics show
that the price of meat in still rising.
The September report shows that some
kinds rose during the month a cent and
a half a" pound. '
At the conference between the Burgo
masters of Berlin and other important
towns, it was voted to appeal to Prince
Bulow, the imperial chancellor, to take
measures to alleviate the conditions,
since previous petitions made to Prqs-
Trtan Minister of Agriculture Podbielski
have been unavailing.
disease tissue, which fell away;, leaving
the patient cured.
The destruction of the tissue, the doc
tor said, waa always within a radius of
from two to three centimeters.
Dr. Diffenbach was pressed to give fur
ther details of. his cures, but he said that
to do so would be unprofessional.
Jklr. Lleber said that in each case the
cure had been effected without any sign
of a discoloration or scar on the patient.
Dr. William H. King of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons spoke of Dr.
Dlffenbach's* success and said if it were
possible to get an injection of the solu
tion into the body without danger the
world have^a most wonderful cure for
tuberculosis.
SECRET TRAFFIC
IN DEADLY DRUG
Morphine Smuggled Into the
Chinese Empire in Large
Quantities of Late Years
FLOUR TRADE RES DIED
Interrupted for a Time by
Attempt to Conceal Opium
in Shipment of the Meal
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU. POST BUILDING.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— 1n a letter to
the State Department, United States Con
sul George E. Anderson at Amoy, China,
says:
The tntemijjtlon in the flour trade of China
which resulted from a receni attempt to smug
gle opium In a (lour shipment from Hongkor.ir
to Auioy baa b«en chewed and the trade is aow
about normal. «.•«•
In this connection It la hoped that something
will be done to stop the smuggling of mo»
pWne. the dangerous nature of which praetic*.
aside fcera Us relation to the customs servlc*
and the Criminal Code. Is u» be found In this
ca»» of flour poisoned by the drug hidden in
It- With respect to the smuggling of the drug,
tho Cu*tom» Commissioner of Amoy in his an
nual report, now Jn course of publication, say-t:
?*A special mention should be made of mor
phine, of which 19.9CG ounces were imported In
1902. owing to the impending introduction of
the tariff, and 3101 ounces In 1903. which still
paid the old 5 per cent ad valorem duty, whilo
only tight ounces were reported this year."
The market value of morphine at ths present
moment is still below 3 haikwan taeU per
ounce tho duty which it Is supposed to pay.
There" Is not the least doubt that this danger
ous drug Is still In great vogue among the Chi
nese and that the high duty has not in any
way stopped its importation, but simply In
duced the smuggling of this very easily con
cealed poison.
The smuggling of this morphine. In which
trade Americans can have no part, has cost
the flour producers of the United States mor«
than the morphine is worth.
. In view of recent disastrous results, how
ever. It Is probable that there will be no more
attempts to smuggle morphino In flour lor sooaa
time to come.
Tnken Sick on Train.
RAKERSFiEIJ>, Oct. 12.— Mrs. J.
Neubarth, wifft of one of the em
ployes of the San Francisco Bulletin,
\u25a0was i taken ill this morning on rthe
northbound Santa Fe passenger train
after leaving? The Needles while en
route to San Francisco, :uid when tho
train arrived ir> this city she was re
moved to a sanitarium. She was suf
fering: from peritonitis. This evening
her condition is satisfactory.HENRY A. LOGAN ELOPES
WITH YOUNG GIRL.
Henry A. Logan, prominent in
the First Free Baptist Church
of Oakland, has eloped with
1 6-year-old Ethel Cook, who
taught the primary Sunday
school class in the church of
which Logan was a trustee.
Logan has a wife and a young
son whom he left penniless,
taking with him his last month's
salary, all he had. Miss Cook's
mother has reported the case
to the police and will make
every possible effort to have
Logan arrested.
Leaves Wife and
Child for Para
mom s;™"5 ;™"
Guilty Pair Are
Prominent in
Church.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— Henry A. Logan,
23 years of age,,- a trustee of the First
Free Baptist Church, has eloped with
Ethel Cook, sixteen years old, a student
in the Oakland. High School and a teacher
in the primary class of the church. Logan
has abandoned his' wife and their son,
€ight years old. because of his mad in
fatuation for the girl he persuaded to
h.rome his companion in flight.
Mrs. Mary Ross, mother of the missing
schoolgirl, ha? sworn to a warrant for
the arrest of Logan on a charge of kid
naping-. The warrant has been placed in
the hands of the police and Chief of
Police Hodgkins has sent telegraphed de
ecriptions of the runaways throughout
the State.
The pair have been missing since yes
terday morning. Logan left his resi
dence. 565 Twentieth street, ostensibly to
go to work at the Elaterite Roofing Com
pany. He bade good-by to. his wife and
boy and gave not the slightest indication
of his real purpose. Miss Cook started
about the same time, as customary, for
school. Her homo is at 1767 Grove street.
There wes not a sign to betray the plans
that the pair had formed. Shortly after
ward Logan was seen at Sixteenth street
station carrying a dress-suit case. He
boarded a northbound Oregon train. It is
believed by the police he met the girl on
that train. The eloping husband took
with him $SO, his month's salary, and left
his wife and son to shift for themselves.
Logan himself confirmed the suspicions
that had been aroused yesterday by the
abeence of the pair, for their conduct at
church had given rise to gossip. He sent
a letter to the girl's mother, which she
received last night, in which he declared
CROSSLEY'S 1
CARPETS
We are sole agents
for Crossley's Eng-
lish Wide Width
Angora, Saxonia,
' and Carona Carpets,
noted for their rich
deep tones and ad-
mirable wearing
qualities.
SLOAN E'S
114-122 Post Street
lA/.T.HESS,
Xotnry Pnblic and Attorney-nt-Lavr.
Tenth Kloor. Room 1015. Cla.ua Spree Jtels bldg.
Telephone Main 953.
Residence. 1802 McAllister «t.
- RtLldcnce Telephone P&g* S6iL
SLXTEEN'-TEAR-OLD GIRL. WHO ELOPED WITH A MARRIED MAN. THE DE
SERTED WIFE AND THE MAN WHO ALLOWED HIS INFATUATION TO
RUN AWAY WITH HIS REASON AND SENSE OF DECENCY.
his love for her daughter and the love" in
return of the girl." He wrote that they
had gone away together and would seek
to find life congenial together far away
from Oakland. But he warned Mrs. Ross
to still her tongue concerning their flight
lest she should never see her child again.
Should the despairing mother maintain
silence, Logan magnanimously declared
he would see to" it that mother and child
might meet at some future time.
.MOTHER SEEKS ADVICE.
With this message the wretched mother
went at once to Professor S.- P. Meads,
a member of the church board, for coun
sel. They decided to place the case in
the hands- of the police after a visit to
Mrs. Logan had disclosed the unexplained
absence of the head of the family.
ihe deserted wife is prostrated under
the blow that has so suddenly wrecked
her happiness. To friends s.ie said there
was not the slightest suspicion of her
husband. He had been dutiful and at
tentive to his family, had appeared to be
devoutly wrapped up in his work at the
church, where he had been honored by
appointment to an important post. His
conduct on surface was without
stain or blemish.
But there was not the same confidence
in the Ross household. Mrs. Ross had
occasion some time ago to remark Logan's
attentions to her daughter. She spoke
to the girl, but Ethel's reply, "I do not
think anything of Mr. Logan, mamma;
he only helps me in my Sunday school
work," warded off further inquiry at
that time, although Mrs. Ross did speak
to Logan on the subject of undue atten
tions.' He satisfied her.
The Logans, the girl and her mother,
were regular attendants upon worship at
the First Free Baptist Church. In his
official capacity as trustee Logan over
iooked the Sunday school and thus be
came acquainted with this bright, young
school girl. She became strangely in
fatuated with this oily tongued over
seer. But her youth and cleverness were
no protection. The work was so in
sidiously prosecuted that the young
teacher was in the tolls of unrighteous
love before she realized what had oc
curred. Thus does the mother reason out
her absent daughter's plight.
Mrs. Ross tries* to believe her daugh
ter was an unwilling party to the elope
ment. She attempts to ease her mind to
some extent by declaring Logan must
have drugged the girl to Induce her to
flee with him. The mother said:
What sort of influence this man Logan ex
erclMd over ray daughter I cannot explain.
My great fear is he has druggred her and that
ehe will return to me a physical and mental
wreck. My child was reared with all the love
and attention a mother could give her off
spring.
ETHEL. A QUIET GIRL.
Ethel was a quiet home body. She was
deeply interested in her church work and,
deeplte her youth, was very successful as a
teacher in the ' Sunday school. At the high
echool she ranked among the best scholars.
She wa* highest 1 In her class and was par
ticularly proficient in her Latin and Greek.
So far ac Logan is concerned. It has been
known in church circles for some time that
he was giving too much attention to young
girl* In the congregation. His actions were
unseemly Jn a married man. especially of his
standing In the church. I went to him myself
and requested him to cease his obvious atten
tions to my daughter tinder penalty of inform
ing my husband it they did not cease. Logan
protested that he meant nothing wrong by
his actions, but he would 6top if they were
deemed offensive. There were several con
versations on the subject and I dropped it
at last. : V.
Ethel awl I were friendly with tho Logans
and vlHited at their home. I have the deepest
sympathy for Mrs. Logan, for Phe Is in no
way responsible for her husband's conduct.
As for my child, all I deeire Is that she shall
be brought back to me. I do not hold her
guilty. lor she vras too young to be responsible
In such a cruel occurrence as this. But Logan
is accountable, and If he is caught he shall be
punished and made to suffer as I and his Wif«
are suffering.
Mrs. Logan, it has been reported, re
ceived a message from her erring hus
band which revealed the elopement. She
has declined to confirm the report. Be
yond admitting tho absence of her hus
band, i the grieving wife has kept her
own counsel so far as public explanations
are concerned. - -\
When Ethel left home yesterday morn-
Ing she wore an ordinary school girl out
fit—a brown skir^ shoe top length, navy
blue checkered shirtwaist, brown coat,
red lining- with an eagle worked In red
eilk on left arm, brown hat with red rib
bon and black shoes.
The police received Information to
night that Logan and his companion
went to Portland, Or. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; OCTOBER 13, 1905.
CUBA ON VERCE
OF REVOLUTION
Only the Platt Amendment
Prevents Open War Be
tween Political Factions
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Cuba, Oct. 12.— The political
situation here is ho intolerable that in
any Spanish-Amercian country but Cuba,
with its Platt amendment, a revolution
would appear certain. Word reached here
to-day of another political murder on the
island. This time the victim was Nor
berto Perez, a member of .the Moderate
party, at Consolacion del Sur. The. crime
is said to have resulted from alleged dis
crimination against Liberals In the recent
primary elections.
Senor PeVez was stabbed in the pres
ence of several persons, who made no
apparent effort to detain the murderer.
Local officials report that they are doing
all possible to locate the criminals, but
the feeling is strong here that there will
be no arrest. v-'V '
All persons familiar with present con
ditions agree that the general election
on December 1 will be marked by rioting
throughout the republic. The Moderates,
who are supporting President Palma for
re-election, insist that the Llheral lead
ers have openly boasted that they would
have bands of thugs at the polls to fight
the rural guards, who are charged with
the electorate work. The Liberals say
that the guards are posted in order to
Prevent freedom of the ballot. They think
It necessary to have a large enough force
to overawe the authorities and compel
the acceptance of the votes of citizens.
The differences between the parties
have settled down largely to sensational
personalities and the real issues are very
vague.
The Liberals continue to oppose the
Platt amendment, which they would like
to expunge from the constitution, and
they decry American Influence. Their
numerical strength Is considerable Tho
only Question i s whether or not they
could win with a fair count.
The first election of Senor Thomas
Estrada Palma Is admitted by his friends
to have been cut and dried in advance by
arrangement with the Americans.
Two companies of artillery which were
sent to Cienfuego.s after the election mur
der there are still kept in that town for
fear of further outbreaks and will Bnot8 not be
moved until after December 1.
MILITARY MANEUVERS BY
REGULAR ARMY OF CHINA
Flrnt of Their Kind In the Flowery
Kingdom Will - Tnke Place this "
Month.
PEKING. Oct. 12.— Much curiosity in
felt regarding- the forthcoming Chinese
military maneuvers. These will be
conducted In the neighborhood of Pao
tlngfu and will continue from October
23 to October 26. .They will be held
on entirely modern lines and upward
of forty thousand men of all amis will
participate. These maneuvers will be
the first of the kind ever held In China.
Yuan Shai Kal. the commander In
chief of the Chinese army, has issued
a proclamation, urging the troops to
do their best nnd avoid making them
selves the laughing stock of the for
eigners. . -.'.\u25a0"
New Bnnk for - Gucrnevllle.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 12.— Guernevllle
is to have a bank, the -articles of In
corporation of the Bank of iGuerneville
having been filed in the County Clerk's
office here to-day. The "capital stock is
$25,000. The directors.; are John . P.
Overton, William Carr. 0.0. Cobb. D.
B. Peughj 11. L. Bagley, L.McGuffin and
J. T. Coon. John. P. Overton holds: the
controlling interest. ',*vHe is a 4a 4 well
known financier, 'is Mayor.:of this city,
president of the Savings Bank of Santa
Rosa and also of the Bank of Sebasto-
INVENTOR LAKE
LOSES SECRET
Report of: the Theft of Plans
for His Submarine Tor
pedo-Boat Is Confirmed
EMPLOYE IS SUSPECTED
Detectives Search Every In
coming Liner at New York
in* Quest of the Culprit
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct.- 12.— That the latest
plans for the Lake submarine torpedo
boat have been stolen from the newly es
tablished works of Simon Lake in Ber
lin has just been confirmed here. The
plans are believed to be in the hands
of a former employe.
It is scarcely two weeks since the in
ventor left here to take up his permanent
abode in the German capital. He had
belore been at work in his Berlin office
and during a visit to this country ,the
theft is supposed to have. been committed.
Already one employe of the Lake Com
pany has been searched on his arrival
for valuable pavers and every ship that
arrives now from German ports is sub
ject to a scrutiny by detectives employed
by the company.
Surrounded by great seciecy, the fact
of the loss might still have_been kept
from the public had- it not been for the
taKerr.eps displayed by watchers who met
the Fuerst Bismarck of the Hamburg
American Line, after the ship had docked
tit Hoboken on Tuesday. Two men, who
paid to special treasury agents on the
pier -that they were employes of the
Lake Company, seemed elated that the
passenger list bore the name of a man
whom they evidently wexe seeking. When
this passenger, a prosperous looking
German, alighted with his wife, they at
once accosted him and asked him If he
ha«.i been in the employ of the Lake Com
pany in Berlin. At first the man denied
this, but afterward he admitted that he
nad been employed as a mechanical en
gineer. He resented any attempt to
search his baggage, but, when threatened
with arrest, consented. '\u25a0"\u25a0/:\u25a0-
Carefully, the baggage of the couple
was overhauled, but nothing was dis
closed except some sketch books con
taining drawings of sections of the old
type Lake boats.
Fester M. Voorhees, the former Gov
ernor of New Jersey, at his home In
Elizabeth, expressed surprise that the
loss of the plans had become known.
Voorhees is counsel for the Lake Com
pany. -..,:<
"1 am at present engaged In cabling to
the offices in Berlin," he said, "and It is
extremely ppssible that there will be
sume interesting information to -c made
public before to-mortcw night."
OIL TKUST GIVEN
SHOCK m KANSAS
President Is Told of the
Taming of the Standard
Company.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— Railroad
rate legislation and the oil situation,
with special reference to the "Middle
West field, were , discussed Tto-day by
the President and Representative
Campbell of Kansas. Campbell .talked
briefly of railroad rates and of the con
test between the State of Kansas and
the oil combination. He assured the
President that the people of Kansas
stood squarely at his back on the qiies
tion of railroad rate legislation "and
there was no doubt he would have the
unqualified support of the Kansas
congressional delegation.
The President expressed Interest in
the oil situation. Said Campbell:
The Middle West has the greatest oil field
in ihe worm. The prospects now are brighter
for the industry than ever before. Independent
refineries are springing up over, the field. Al
ready two are in operation and several others
will be at work within sixty days. The oil
combination never has had such a shock from
the people as It has received during the past
eight months. Heretofore it simply has over
run all competition or ignored it entirely. Now
It is obliged . to reckon with It.
STATIONERS TO WAGE WAR
UPON VULGAR POSTCARDS
Report Uriges Retailer* to Draw the
Line Between Indecency and
:' \-j~' * \u25a0 Humor.
ST. .LOUIS,' Oct. 12. — The committee
on / miscellaneous business -of the
National Association of Stationers and
Manufacturers presented a report to the
convention urging that the members of
the association refuse to display for
sale illustrated postcards that tend to
be vulgar, suggestive and indecent, and
urging retailers and buyers of post
cards to carefully draw the line be
tween vulgarity and humor.
The report also calls attention of the
association to the matter of tariff re
vision, setting: forth:
There is probably not a retail stationer here
who does not pay duties either directly to the
United States Government or Indirectly through
importers and Jobbers, and, in many cases, on
account of high duties and excessive profits,
tv home manutacturers. The tariff is a mat
ter which directly affects every business man
in the country, and we should -watch with'
care its revision, especially the revision of
such schedules as Interest our business. .
Wntoltmnn Shoots Ilia Son.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— 1n the rotunda
of the Continental Hotel to-day Charles
Swan, a watchman, shot his son, Wal
ter,-twice, inflicting serious wounds.'
The shooting- was the result of a quar
rel during which Walter Swan is said
to have repudiated an alleged'engage
ment, to pay the fare of 'his mother to
Chicago from Wyoming, where she now
Is. ' \u25a0 . .:-.-\u25a0-
PIANOS
ONE
PRICE
ONE PRICE ONLY
Think of haggling over the
; price of a piano ; and never
knowing, when the lowest is
quoted. ,
EVERYTHING
MUS I C
We don't size you up and *
say, "He'll pay $400," or/He
can't -pay more, than. $350."
Some dealers do. ;
One price here, and that
-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'" -price always the lowest. Pay
by the month if you /prefer.
CLARK WISE (& CO.
126 Geary St.
OPT 3 N E V EN, ING S . '
SEVENTY YAQUIS
ARE CAPTURED
Forty Braves and Thirty Wo
men and Children Taken
After a Fight by Mexicans
LEADEPiS OF* BAND SHOT
Eekskins Are Murdering and
Pillaging Almost at Gates
of the City of Hermosillo
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NOGALES. (Ariz.). Oct. 12.— Seventy
Yaqui prisoners were brought to Carbo
to-day by two companies of Mexican sol
diers sent out from that station by Gov
ernor Ysabel on receipt of the news that
the redskins were plundering ranches in
that vicinity. The prisoners comprised
about forty braves. The balance were
women and children. >. .."; .•••;
The prisoners were taken in a short
but sharp fight in a canyon, where the
women and children had been concealed
and to which the men lied on being pur
sued by the troops. The leaders of the
band were shot while the rest of the
prisoners were sent by special train to
Hermosillo. From the capital comes the
news that the Indians have been murder
ing and pillaging almost at the gates of
the city. At Soypo, Laconchas and San
Pedro de Tubac- ranchers have been at
tacked and kill. d.
The Indians have assembled in bands of
fifty and a hundred and by some it Is
feared that they may concentrate their
efforts in an attack* on Hcrmosillo, but
military leaders say they could wipe out
the Indians in the open.
Two Xniut Homes Burned.
NAPA. Oct. 12. — A disastrous fire oc
curred In Napa early this morning.
Two residences on Juarez street were
destroyed. The fire started in the resi
dence occupied by Frank Cherry and
family and owned by James B. New
man. No one had been in the house
for an hour and a half before the fire
CuL in the Latest Fall Style— Your Choice
of Blue Serge, Black Thibet or
Fancy Mixed Patterns
We Picture to the Right Our $11 Suit in Striped Cheviot
YOU are going to buy a fall suit arid .think what excellent clothes you can
you are thinking of getting it from get in our stores. iJJ\
S. N. Wood & Co.— otherwise you These $11 suits are hand tailored
wouldn't be reading this advertisement, throughout, from the collar of the coat
While we have your attention we to the hem of the trousers; they are
wish to most emphatically state that correct— lapels, shoulders, collar, skirt,
you can get more clothes value for your trousers— every part is what it should
money in our stores than in any other be. Your choice of a single or. double
establishment. By clothes value we breasted model in blue .serge, black
mean that important thing called style, thibet, fancy, mixed worstecl or cheviot;
also good materials and* workmanship, all sizes up to 42 chest,
which keep the" garments in shape while \
Your price may be anywhere up to How about a pair of, striped trousers
$35. We merely describe our $11 suits to.' tone up that worn coat and vest?
to show what good value we give at this $2.50 will buy a good pair in our
price. Should you wish to pay more, stores.
Crlf^+i^'l* +A +Vi» I aHJoc. You are cordially invited to the Conc«rt in our Art Reception Room
INOIICe TO 111 cL*d.UIC». every afternoon and Saturday evening, Powell and Ellis Sts. store
i '-&'? ' : A', ' . % ' '\u25a0'\u25a0•.. '\u25a0 - \u25a0•'
&&& "^"^1? Manufacture's Wholesalers and •Retailer* of Cloihing. :fnllnE&, JjpS^
Two Large Stores pi^ffl 1
JllllgJliPSiE. 740 Market Street and Cor. Powell and Ellis -^Sgjj-Jy/
KAISER WANTS
A DISAVOWAL
Expects Great Britain to Ex
plain Away the Revelations
* in the Matin of Paris
TAKES A SEKIOUS VIEW
Delcasse's Belief That Lon
don Would Like War Be
lieved to Have Some Basis
COLOGNE. Oct. 12.— The Cologne Ga
zette to-day prints an inspired dispatch
from Berlin in which the Paris Matin's
revelations arc discussed. The
notes that the article In the Matin has
caused great erabarassment in Prance
and Great Britain. It is evident from the
dispatch that the German Government
assumed that M. Delcasse believed in
Brood faith that France had Great Brit
ain's promise of military assistance for
war with Germany a»d shaped his policy
accordingly. Therefore. the dispatch
points out, it is impossible to brush the
Matin's story aside as chimerical.
If M. Delcasse was self-ckcelved, the
dispatch says, still the practical conse
quences' would have been the same and
war would have resulted from his pas
sionate policy of revenge. M. Delcasse's
belief that Great Britain's assistance was
pledged formed the basis of his policy
and the attempt made in Great Britain
to dismiss the matter as a ridiculous fan
tasm is insufficient and the story cannot
be disposed of in this way.
The German view, the dispatch adds, is
that the story must be taken seriously
until the British Government gives out a
formal utterance to fully vindicate the
position of Great Britain.
was discovered. The blaze Is supposed
to have started from a lamp which
had been left burning. The Cherry
•residence was quickly burned to the
ground and all its furniture and fix
tures and the residence owned by
Joseph Mitchell and occupied by him
self and family was also destroyed.
PLOTTERS USE
KING'S NAME
Edward VII Figures in Testi
mony in Case of Man Who
Wanted Wife Murdered
PERJURY: IS ADMITTED
Witness for Hugh Watt, the
Former Member of Parlia
ment, Makes a Confession
LONDON. Oct. 12.— T0-day's proceed
ings in the case of Hugh Watt, the
former member of Parliament, who la
charged -with having attempted to bribe
a private detective named Marshall, to
assist him In murdering Watt's wife.
were marked by tlw sensational with
drawal by the cattleman. Norman Battle,
of the evidence which ho gave on Sep
tember 22. On that occasion Battle de
clared that he overheard a conversation
between Marshall and another man. In
which Marshall was threatened.
Battle to-day said his real name was
LJghtfoot and that Watt, who was ac
companied by a man describing nimielf
as an equerry of King Edward, met tho
witness In Hyde Park on August 24 and
Informed him that the King wished the
case to be withdrawn. At Watt's dicta
tion Battle (or LJghtfoot) wrote a letter
to Watt's lawyers saying he could clear
Watt. The letter also dictated the evi
dence which the witness gave on Septem
ber 22.
Battle added that he had received about
$4,200 from Watt and the equerry was ad
vised to go to Canada and w s promised
$25,000 and a Government position for life.
Replying to further questions Battle
said the supposed equerry was introduced
as Lord Klnloch. The latter said the
case was to be " hushed up " by order of
the King, who Is a friend of Lady Violet
Watt.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— Harry A. Leonard,
the youn< bank clerk who took $359,000 worth
of securities- from the National City Bank by
means of a forged check, was Indicted to
day for larceny in the first degree.
34
JOHN S. PARTRIDGE'S CANDIDACY FOR MAYOR
GAINS STEADILY IN PUBLIC FAVOR.
To-night at Pioneer Hall on Fourth street and at Native Sons' Hall on Mason street John /S. Partridge will speak to his fellow citizens for. the cause .-of- common
honesty in affairs of municipal government. Wage-earners, merchants, manufacturers, men and other taxpayers' view the, candidacy of Mr.'Partridge
for Mayor of Jsan Francisco with exceptional favor. \u25a0--*\u25a0 • . v .--...' J:
At Fusion headquarters. 636 Market streets this afternoon; Louis Sloss,. chairman, l arid his associates on the finance committee, will exchange. views -.with other
leading citizens on the subject of campaign contributions in support of the ticket. --. fL\ - /
Leaders of the Fusion Campaign
Are Constantly on uuty.
DISTRICT WORK WELL IN HAND
Louis Sloss Calls a Conference on
the Subject of Finance.
Ruefters, masquerading as independent
Eppublicans, and other Ruefters, calling
themselves independent Democrats, are
working to obtain signatures which may
give the Board of Election Commission
ers some color of Justification for placing
the name of Schmitz on the official ballot
In twe party columns in addition to the
Union Labor designation. If the com
missioners attempt to use the designa
tions "Republican" or "Democrat" for
any nominee for Mayor other than
John S. Partridge an immediate
appeal will be made to the courts
for a writ prohibiting puch use. Legal
representatives of the Fusion organiza
tion are ready to meet the issue in the
courts.
Rumor is rife to the effect that Ruef
has ordered the Election Commissioners
to select the precinct election officers re
gardless of the recommendation of the
Republican and Democratic political ..or
ganizations. The law provides repre
sentation for each of the prominent po
litical parties on a precinct board, but
Ruef is planning to beat the law by ap
pokating Ruefters and designating the ap
pointees as Republicans or Democrats.
The purpose of the juggle with the law
is 10 give the grafters absolute control of
every precinct election board in the town,
Bteps have been taken to court to com
pel recognition of the rights of the peo
ple. A vigorous fight to compel the Elec
tion Commissioners to respect the law
tnay follow, but the result is not in doubt,
«.g Ruef and Schmitz have not achieved
masttry of the judiciary. The people of
San Francisco, solemnly in earnest, have
the right and the law in their favor.
PAIITRIDGE SsTKE.VGTH GROWS.
John S. Partridge,' the Fusion nomin
nee for Mayor, is making an excellent
campaign. The young men of the city
are ltadlng an .active fight in support
of his candidacy. The influence ot
good women is tending largely in his
favor. Old line Democrats are heartily
in accord with the fusion movement.
The indications are now plain that the
l* t ooo Democrats who refused to vote
for Schmitz in 1901 and again refused
to vote for him in 1903 will vote for
Partridge in the coming election.
The coalition of Democrats and Re
publicans will largely increase the ma
jorities over Schmitz in the eight dis
tricts which Crocker won in 1903 and
at the same time largely diminish, if
not extinguish, the Schinitz majorities
in several of the remaining ten dis
tricts. The Thirtieth District is Ruef's
stronghold. In the election two years
ago Bchmitz's plurality was 1425. He
received 2152 votes against Crocker's
671 and Lane's 727. On November 7
the Partridge forces will cut down
Schmitz's majority in that district
to 600.
Ruef is working under cover and in
the dark to save Schmitz as far as
possible in the Forty-second District.
Two years ago Crocker won this dis
trict, receiving 1457 votes against 1363
for Schmitz. The Lane vote was 881.
In the election next month Partridge
\u25a0will probably hold the Lane and Crock
er vote and carry the district by 1000
majority.
In the Forty-fourth District George
Borne and a gang of Ruefters are
making a f-pecial fight in Schmitz's be
half.^ The district has been stuffed and
colonized to help the grafters, hence
the forces of fusion must be alert and
vigorous.
CHANCES VERY BRIGHT.
Two years ago Crocker carried the
Forty-fourth District, receiving 1360
ftgainst Schmitz's 1210 and Lane's 704.
The combined vote of Crocker and
Lane in the district was 2064. Part
ridge stands a fine chance of receiving
this combined vote and winning the
Forty-fourth District by a handsome
majority, although the Ruefters are
:laiminjr the district The Fusion cam
paign committee is fully apprised of
thft fact that Ruef Is counting on a
tremendous boost for Schmitz In the
Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth districts.
Measures are being taken by the com
mittee to secure effective precinct or-
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
No joy or pleasure on this earth quite
equals that which comes into the home
when baby arrives. Who can describe
the happiness of man and woman, joined
In wedlock, as they look upon the fragile,
idicate mite that is blooa of their blood
and flesh of their flesh ? And who can- j
depict the hopelessness and dejection |
that hover about the I home where ' the i
wife is incapable of becoming a mother? I
Barrenness proceeds from* some derange^ I
meut of the distinctly feminine organs.' j
Many of the common ailments known as i
"female troubles" cause it. Dr. Pierce's '•
Favorite Prescription overcomes barren- J
ness by stamping out diseases of women, ]
tnd by healing and curing ulceration. It j
tones up the system, stops drains, and i
restores strength. During gestation it !
modifies morning sickness, gives elastic- !
ity to the overstrained parts concerned,
makes the hour of baby's coming short I
and almost painless, and gives wonderful j
recuperative power to the patient. By \
leaking the mother strong and cheerfuf, >
it makes the little one healthy, vigorous"!
and good natnred. Insist upon the mcd- i
icineoealer giving you Dr. Pierces Fa- j
vorite Prescription when you ask for it. j
Substitutes are often dangerous.
Mrs. J*rae» W. Blacker, of 6ag Catherine St..
Syracuse. NT. V.. write* : " Year medicines have
done wonders for me. Per years my health was "
very poor; I had four miscarriages, but since
taking Dr. Metre's Golden Medical Discovery
and ' Favorite Prescription * I have much better j
health, and now I have a fine healthy baby/ j
For si one-cent stamps to cover cost of j
mailing only, -you can get a . free copy of ,'
that celebrated doctor book, the ; Common '\u25a0
Sense Medical Adviser, 1008 pages, illus- j
trated. Cloth-bound. 31 stamps. Address •
Br. R. V. Pietcr, Buaalo. N- V. J
ganlzation in that quarter of San Fran
cisco. Campaign oratory is good, but
it should be supplemented. by individu
al appeal to every registered voter who
has had enough of Ruef and Schmitz.
Every citizen who is ready to do battle for
the cause of common honesty in local
government should constitute^ himself
a committee of one to help the cam
paign committee.
A majority of 2000 for Partridge in
the Fortieth Assembly District would
not surprise the promoters of the Fu
sion movement. In 1903 Crocker re
ceived in this district 1646 votes. Lane
got 715 and Schmitz 658. There, are
many Indications that Partridge will
get more votes than were cast two
years ago for both Crocker and Lane.
The assurance of an immense majority,
however, should not cause any citizen
of the Fortieth District to relax his ef
forts in support of Partridge. If the
election should be very close an over
whelming majority in the Fortieth Dis
trict would determine the contest in
favor of the Fusion nominees.
George D. Clark, Fairfax H. Wheelan,
John T. Daly and Richard J. Welch of
the organization committee of the San
Francisco Republican League met at
Fusion headquarters, 636 Market street,
Wednesday evening and discussed cam
paign, affairs.
It is the judgment of the committee
that Mr. Partridge will be elected May
or by a handsome majority. The fight
for common honesty in municipal af
fairs will be conducted with vigor and
earnestness until the close of thfe day,
November 7.
MORE GRAFT FOUND
IN PHILADELPHIA
Five Men Connected With a
Former Administration
Accused.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 12.— The ad
ministration of Former Mayor Samuel P.
Ashbrldge was brought into the local
political turmoil to-day when warrants
were sworn out for the arrest of Abra
ham L. English, who was director of the
public safety during the term of Mayor
Ashbridge. and four others, charging
them 'with conspiracy to cheat and de
fraud the city in connection with the
execution and carrying out of a con
tract for the erection of a smallpox hos
pital, which is one of a group of build
ings forming the new municipal hospi
tal. .:\ :,-
The accused men are John W. Hender
son and Henry E. Baton of the contract
ing firm of Henderson & Company;
Phillip Johnson, a former city architect
and brother-in-law of Israel W. Dur-:
ham, leader of the local Republican or
ganization, and James D. Finley, a
cousin of Durham -and a former insur
ance agent at the. new municipal hos
pital. Henderson, Baton and Finley gave
ball in the sum of $5000 for a hearing to
morrow afternoon. Former Director Eng
lish and Architect Johnson were hot in
the city to-day, but friends of the latter
entered bail for his appearance.
The warrants were sworn out at the in
stance of Mayor Weaver and are based
on an Investigation which has been go
nig on for . several weeks. The contract
for the smallpox hospital was awarded
to the Henderson firm by Director Eng
lish in IM3, the firm's bid being *H2,(WO.
No one Interested in the prosecution will
make a statement as to how the city is
alleged to have been defrauded.
ROMANTIC WEDDING
IN FROZEN NORTH
Girl * Travels 7000 Mile* to
Wed Man She Had
*M Never Seen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Oct. 12.— One of -the most
interesting of. the many Klondike ro
mances had its culmination two weeks
ago when Edward Conrad was married
to Charlotte . Rlpstorff, who traveled ,7000
miles from Hamburg, Germany, to marry
a man she had never seen.
Her brother, Henry Rlpstorffr has been
Conrad's Intimate friend for three years.
From his sister Rlpstorff received letters
so full of tender messages and solicita
tions as to awaken the keenest interest
of Conrad, who heard them read by-Rlp
storff before their cabin fire. He asked
and received permission to write to her,
Phqtos' were exchanged and before long
they were engaged.
Belling his mining interests Conrad
opened a confectionery store in j Dawson
and continued to prosper. Last spring a
draft was sent to Hamburg, and Miss
Ripstorff started for Dawson, arriving
late In July. For several weeks she was
her brother's guest. In September she
was married to Conrad- by Rev. John
Pringle of the Presbyterian Church.
Miss Rlpstorff comes from a good Ger
man family and will be heir to an estate
in Hamburg when her parents die. Con
rad has been in the Klondike since cross
ing the Chilkoot trair.elght years ago.
Previously he lived In Alameda, where
he,hajs lately, purchased a new home for
his parents.
SAYS SPOUSE USED
/DISHES AVEAPONS
San J rise Capitalist Prefers
Counter Charge of Cruelty
Against Wife^ ' f
Special Uigpatch to The Call.
SAN JOSEj Oct. 12.— Pierre de Saisset,
the capitalist and society man, filed an
answer to the divorce suit of Ernestine
Adelle de Saisset to-day. He denies the
charges of drunkenness and cruelty made
by his wife and accuses her of being cruel
to him. He alleges that she- has thrown
dishes at him and has done other thlnga
not in^keeplng with the love of "a^ wife
to her husband. De Salsset asks that hi 3
wife's prayer for divorce be denied; that
Fhc be given none of his estate, and that
he be granted a divorce on the charge
set forth in his answer. He also wants
the $150 per month alimony, which the
court awarded Mrs. De Saisset pending
the outcome of the suit, , stopped. ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL,; ERIDAY.' OCTOBER -13,, 11)05.
SCHMITZ MAKES
A HARD FIGHT
Conducts a Desperate Cam
paign in- Widely Separated
Sections, of the City
TALKS OF PEGSPEEITY
Claims That Eecent Ratifi
cation Meeting Augurs
Well for Party Success
Mayor Schmitz. was made happy by the
great crowd that gathered -at the rati
fication meeting at the Alhambra Theater
Wednesday evening, and last night he
addressed three crowds- with a new apr
pearance of confidence. Three other meet
ings were held in his support, but the
distance between halls was so great that
he was unable -to appear, before them.
.As usual, he was greeted with cheers on
his entrance into every meeting i place,
and his words were listened to by good
sized crowds. .. -',
Last night the first campaign speech
was made at Mangels' Hall, ZTwenty
fourth and Folsom streets. The room
was filled with men' and boys, who were
full of unrestrained enthusiasm. Mayor
Schmitz told of the advancement of his
cause thus far during the campaign and,
as he has done at every meeting since he
appeared on the platform after his nomi
nation, he insisted in plain terms that
this was a campaign between the.wage
earners on one side and "the Citizens' Al
liance.'on the other.
The second meeting of the evening was
held at Hamilton Hall, Geary and Steiner
streets, in the Thirty-eighth district. H.
M. Alexander, presided. The hall was
filled with voters. "We have entered
on our campaign in earnest now," said
tne Mayor. "Last, night at the Alhambra
the largest meeting of its kind ever held
In this city took place and the campaign
of the Union Labor party was fairly
launched. That was a good beginning —
it made me feel good. I was glad to be
there and hear those outbursts of en
thusiasm. The conditions of this- cam
paign have been boiled down to this:
On one side is the faction which claims to
stand for right and is really the Citizens'
Alliance, while on the other side stands the
'faction which has done the right thing
for the past four years In preserving the
peace and prosperity of this -city, the
Union Labor party. Try as they will to
fool you. the Issue is this— Citizens' Al
liance fighting.to crush the wage-earner.'"
The last. meeting of the evening was
held at Park View Hall. Ninth avenue
and H street. A "\u25a0\u25a0 good-sized ..crowd
was in attendance. The \u25a0 other meetings
of the evening were one held at Electri
cian's Hall,- 35 Eddy street, '• an '. open-air
gathering at' Tenth and Harrison streets
ami a. club . meeting a"t Sixteenth \u25a0 and
Valencia streets. All of the candidates
for office, with George J. Berger and
George B-. Keane, spoke at the meetings.
The Schmitz Laurel Club, its aim the
re-election of Eugene E. Schmitz, has been
organized at 2601 Post street. The of
ficers \u25a0 are -as follows: A. Brick wedel,
president; Hugh Keyon, vice president;
Tim Leary, second vice president;. AVill
iam Page, secretary; Felix McMahon,
treasurer; William Downing, serg«ant-at
arms. ;, .?;\u25a0\u25a0 V. } )
A William H. Langdon Club was formed
at 102 O'Farrell street last night. Small
district clubs were organized. John J.
Quinn was elected president and George
G.» Fraser secretary.
HEALDSBURG READY
• FOR WATER CARNIVAL
Arrangements Nearly Com
pleted for Event That
Promises Enjoyment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEALDRBURG. Oct. 12.— The final ar
rangements for Healdsburg's first water
carnival ,l which la to be held on Russian
River next Saturday, October ii. are
nearinp completion. As this will be the
\u0084first water festival ever held in North
ern Sonoma -County 'its success is a
matter of great interest as well as Im
portance to the people of this section.
The .banks of the. river south of tho
California Northwestern Railway
bridge are being 1 festooned with elec
tric lights and Japanese lanterns. The
festivities ylll iuclude a water baseball
game between Indian and white teams.
There also will be boat, swimming and
various other races.' and in the even
ing there' will be an illuminated water
parade and §f'rand fireworks display.
Excursions are to ' be run here from
Petaluma and Ukiah anil a rate has
been allowed from San Francisco.
CLEW TO NORTHERN^ M
BANDITS OBTAINED
Hardware Clerk Gives De
scription of Men to Whom
\u25a0He Sold Guns.. h-'(/A
Special DlspatchSo The Call.
SEATTLJ3. Oct. 12,— Two of .the guns
used by the bandits who held up the Great
Northern train mar Ballard on October 2
wert' purchased : from the Seattle Hard
ware Company, in this city. A few days
ago a .track man working near the scene
of the robbery picked up a new revolver.'
It was turned over to Chief . "Allman of
the Great Northern detective^ force, and
later identified by a. clerk at the'hard
ware store as being one, of two revolvers
he sold the day of the robbery. The pur
chasers were two well'dressed men/about
thirty years of age, and in a general way
he is able to give the. detectives the first
description of the men they have ob
tained. .; ,
A Strong; Argument, (or the Fusion
Ticket.
The San Francisco News . Letter presents a
strong argument: ln favor of the fusion ticket
In Its issue of October 14. This shouiti be read
by all public spirited citizens.
The debasing Influence of athletics in public
schools brings to light "the conditions and ef
fects of amateur sports in bur/ educational .In
stitutions. pßaejßJ^gpißßEgKiasasggggßNga
Friends of W." R. Hearst: wilT be delighted
with an editorial entitled. "The Red Flag Is On
tli« Breeze." '.<_\u25a0 '\u25a0'\u25a0 : ;. \u25a0--. ' :.; \u25a0'V'V- \u25a0- 1>
There Jf a story, of exceptional . merit by
Eleanore F. Lewj-s/ the local .fiction": writer.
The Looker On and:: regular departments are
unusually well written'; this ! week. • . . •
PLAN FINANCING
OF THE CAMPAIGN
Management Calls for Meeting
\u25a0 ;of Leading Merchants, y;;
Three Districts Prepare? for Big
!v! v Partridge Rallies:'
This afternoon there will be held
at the fusion headauarters an Impor
tant meeting In the Interest of John
S. Partridge and the fusion ticket's
nominees, : when from fifty to . a hun
dred representative business men .will
gather at the call of Louis Slosa, chair
man of the joint campaign finance
committee, to discuss the apportion
ment of the city into districts through
which' to canvass for campaign sub
scriptions.- /; -?vV< \u25a0;
With a man like Sloss at the head
of the financial -end of the campaign
there Is no doirbt that money will pour
into the coffers of the campaign com
mittee for use In' hiring halls and
making -an aggressive campaign.. Al
ready circular invitations to the meet
ing have been sejit out and members
of the finance committee, headed by
Mr. ) Sloss, have personally visited
many leading citizens. \ ->••
It is planned to have the city sub
divided Into various mercantile and
manufacturing districts and into
branches of trades through which the
solicitors will be sent with the cam
paign' committee's \u25a0 passbook authoriz
ing them to receive contributions.
Although visiting no district meet-
Ings last night, the • fusion candidate,
John S. Partridge, spent the greater
part of a day visiting the California
Canning Company- and the Pacific
Hardware and Steel Company's plant,
where he was cordially received. Short
stops were also made at Haas Broth
ers, at Sussman^& Wormser's and'^at
Mack - & Co.'s, but no speeches were
delivered.
To-night Is the great Partridge rally
of the ( Twenty-ninth District at Pio
neer Hall and the combined rally of
the Forty-second- and Forty-third dis
tricts at Native Sons' Hall. Already
the fusion headquarters has sent out
circulars inviting all to attend the
meetings, which will start the cam-
IVINS TO MAKE
RUN IN GOTHAM
Nominated by Republicans
in New York to ; Oust the
Tammany Ring From Office
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— William Mills
Ivlns, who acted as counsel for the Fas
sett legislative committee' in 1892 and
was a city chamberlain under Mayors
Hewitt -and Grace, to-day became the Re
publican candidate for Mayor of New
York City when he accepted the nomina-"
tion made by a committee appointed by
the Republican city convention to fill va
cancies in the nominations of that con
vention. Charles E. Hughes, counsel for
the legislative committee investigating
life insurance methods, was nominated by
the- convention, but declined. Ivlns was
notified formally of his selection late To
day and accepted In a brief speech in
which he said.
I have just returned from Europe and know
nothing of the history of the campaign prior
to the last few days. I have devoted many
years to municipal affaire,' but - had no idex
of again taking an active part in political
life. Still I am, as I have always been, a de
termined opponent of | Tammany Hall - and j all
that It stands for, and if you : wish me 'to
Ipad the fl^ht for clean and efficient city
government I shall j do so energetically and
fearlessly, upon the understanding that I am
to conduct my own campaign, and that I shall
In the event of election be absolutely free
at all times to administer the government In
dependent of all considerations,-, except that
of the public welfare. \u25a0 . . •
Having held office under two Demo
cratic city administrations, , Ivlns was
asked to-day If he was a Republican or
a Democrat in national politics. He
laughed and replied:
I have always voted the Republican ticket
except on three occasions, when I . voted for
Hewitt. Grace and Cleveland. I have- been
an enrolled Republican for several years.
DEMOCRATS OF RHODE
• ISLAND NAME A TICKET
Former Governor Gnrvln Nominated
By Acclamation to Lead Hi* - '
VW.i'vvV'v Party.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1.. Oct. 12.—For
mer Governor L. F. : C. Garvin was to-,
day nominated for Governor, by accla-;
mution by the. Democratic State con
vention. Theweniainder of the ticket
also was nominated: by acclamation as
follows: •
Lieutenant Governor — James. E.
Thurston of Providence. . ...
. • Secretary of State— Frank E. Fitz
simmons of Lincoln.
Attorney General— Thomas A. Carroll
of Providence. .
General Treasurer — Albert H. Olney
of Providence. . .
Open for Buaines*.
We are makine several alterations in our
store, which Is complete in the Picture," Frame,
Artist Material, Leather Goods and Stationery
departments, and customers ' can be : waited on
without the slightest Inconvenience. vHdliday
goods arriving daily. -Come and' see. us. San
born Vail & Co. ,741. Market street. • •
Deeds Jn ; Biff Deal Filed.
TACOMA, Oct. ' 12;— The deeds; trans
ferring sixty-eight; acres In block 3 10
andll. of the tide flats from a syndi-t
cate of Tacoma owners to J.T. Wood
ward, president of the ..Hanover j Na
tional Bank of New York, were .filed
for record this afternoon In. the" County
Auditor's ; office.-. The? consideration is
given . as $100, but ; the /syndicate '/"re
ceived about $200,000; for the ' property.
\u25a0 If. you have ''determined''' not to spend
"another winter In that 'leaky -\u25a0 house, " ; cut
out, a few want ads "and .'run around and
take a look at something better. ";
paign for decency In tae respective dis
tricts. .
At Pioneer Hall Leon Samuels will pre
side and -introduce the fine array of
speakers that will be heard. Among these
will be Mr. Partridge, Thomas W. Hick
ey, Henry U. Brandenstein, together with
the speakers of the district, C. A. Swel
gert, John McDougald and John F. Dil
lon. A musical programme will
add to the , evening's entertainment.
The ( workers in the Forty-second and
Forty-third . districts have been several
days planning the great rally at Native
Sons' "Hall. John A. McGee, candidate
for Supervisor from .the* Forty-second,
will- preside. An exceptional list of
speakers, will be heard, headed by Mr.
Partridge, who will come direct from the
Pioneer Hall meeting. Other speakers
programmed are Henry U. Brandenstein,
Daniel A. Ryan, Jesse -W. Bryan, Carey
Van Fleet, Dr. A- A. D'Ancona and Percy
V. Long. '
Practically anonymous postal cards are
being sent out purporting to come from
the executive 'committee of the Independ
ent Democratic party announcing that
heaaquarters have been opened on Mar
ket street. The notices are In typewriting
and fall to have the name of the party
printed on the cards, thereby avoiding
the Injunction that would immediately
Issue restraining the so-called executive
committee from using the name Demo
cratic. The Democratic party Is solidly
lining up with the Republicans In the
sturdy effort to put San Francisco among
the decently governed cities of the na
tion, and the pretending independents
were never known to vote the party
ticket. ;\u25a0; ' i >:.;;
i The committeemen of the Thirty-fourth
District met last night at the headquar
ters, 333 Noe street, and selected ' a list
of names for Republican and Democratic
officers for election day. Appointments
from the list will soon be made. The
Colored Men's Republican Club will meet
next Thursday night at Austrian Hall,
507 Sutter street, to organize in the
F.orty-third District an active Par
tridge Club.
POLICY HOLDERS
READY TO SUE
Colorado Investors in Mutual
Life Insurance Paper En
gage Legal Representative
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— 0n behalf . of
j Thomas J. O'Donnell of Denver and
i other Colorado policy holders of the Mu
tual "Life Insurance Company, W. B.
Crisp, a lawyer of* this city, to-day
wrote *to Attorney General Meyer of
New York State, asking that- he insti
tute civil proceedings at once to com
pel the officers of the Mutual to make
restitution of the sum of $92,500 which,
they admit, has been contributed to po
litical campaigns in recent years.
! Crisp offers to lend the Attorney Gen
eral any -. assistance he may desire/
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— The Mer
chants' Association of New York to
day adopted resolutions condemning
the campaign contributions by insur
ance companies, as revealed during the
pending investigation. The resolutions
follow in part: vl -;
Whereas, In the Judgment of this board the
excuse offered for these payments violates
every sound principle of business morality and
would Justify the illegal diversion of public
and private trust "funds of every description;
and .-. • . .- /
' "Whereas, The, penal code provides In sub
stance that" any officer, director, trustee or
manager of a corporation who Intentionally ap
propriates or causes to be appropriated any
of Its funds to his. own use or to that of any
other person than the true owner or, person en
titled to the benefit thereof steals such prop
erty, and Is guilty of larceny;- and
\u25a0•Whereas, This 'board believes that the in
terests of the community demand that this
misappropriation Is "a crime that *hr.uld .. be
visited- with adequate punishment; that the
law 'should h« enforced irrespective of the
Btation.of the offender and that- nothing would
be more operative as a check upon corrupt
use of money of corporations than conviction
of the offender as a.- common thief; therefore
be It • . . • •--"
-Resolved, That, in the opinion of this board,
prompt and energetic steps should be taken
by the District Attorney .of the . County of
New York-tq ascertain whether an Indictment
cannot be found against the presidents of such,
companies ' and other officers concerned -in
said .payments, and that It is the opinion of
this \u25a0 board that the Attorney General of the
State should Institute civil proceedings for
the. return of said sump to the treasuries, of
the reflective companies.
I INDIANAPOLIS, In d.. Oct. 12. — Indi
ana insurance, companies • received: by
mall, to-day a long interrogation from
Insurance Commissioner Folk of Ten
nessee. 7 The interrogation, the ques
tions in which, are ' to. be { answered
under oath, requires the president-of
each company .to .' answer . •In .detail
whether, or not the company has | sub
scribed, directly or .indirectly, to any
campaign fund of either v party since
1896 : and whether the company has dis
bursed any sum of money., at any time
to Influence legislation in the Legis
lature of any State or in any Congress
A number of other questions are asked.
HEALDSBURG WOMAN IS HURT ' ,
. LV VERY PECULIAR MANNER
Neighbor* Voice Arouses Her From
Sleep. and AVlieu Half ;Awnke She
Fnlla DoTvnßtalrsw : l< '•
- HEALDSBURG, Oct., 12.— -Mrs. "Wil
liam Newcom. wife of a prominent Dry
Creek farmer, -met with a peculiar, ac
cident to-day v ; Mrs. Newcom, exhaust
ed . from ; attending j'the ' bedside/! of \u25a0 a
sick child, fell asleep;at the .top of- a
long, flight of stairs. A neighbor, hap
ppnlng 1 along soon after, shouted\froiri
the ; road -an inquiry concerning- v^.the
child's condition./ Mrs. 7 Newcom- awak
ened with a start .and, losing her'*bal
ance, " fell down the. stairs. She ' re
ceived Ya.deep gash on .the head.-aria
numerous .bruises.*/ .';' .
J. F. O'REILLY, ENDORSES
I^(f^ Afy 9^ KIDNEY
• —- — * \u25a0•• . »_» _ * >*^ *^ y
» " . • - John Fanning O'Reilly, who for thre*
7^^^Sv*^s>s}^ a^^t^'^^^sT tiaUan Hospital -of New York City, and
C^^^ff^W'M^'^^.'^Af'^ir^ remedy. For over a year I had kidney
\^r-^^M^^<^^x'i^^^.~r^J trouble, but for some time did not know
JsS'^^^^^^^i^^^^'%L what caused my distress, i.ncessnnt auf-
: /^S^^S^^^^^v'^%>^'*r^T&S ferine. batkache. pain across th*
rOC^d Ws^^ '-*£#£# g? Y2r groins, urinary troubles, loss of appe-
X^fesSw'^xJOHN - tlte and strength- An acquaintance
IfikJ, tL FANNING JP £& VjK\ who had been through a similar experi-
[^^^•P^^^bDiiElLLV^^r^^^J ervce ur^**d me to take- Doan's Kidney
VJ^^^J^^^^*h^^^*^^^^^fT^^^J Pills, and, lam happy to say, the rem-
Hard Work Often Strains the Back and Brlnx* on Kidney Disorders. Doan's
Kidney Pills Keep tbe Kidney* Well and tbe Back Strom?.
Any work that Is a.constant strain on Con ZrQnniGftn Dmnf
the back Is certain to Injure the kid- Oflll if UliblsbU I iUUI
neys. In time. That is why desk work-
ers, farm hands, railroaders, teamsters, J. E. Plamondon of J. E. Plamondon
barbers, painters and workers lnahun- & Co# manufacturers* Agents, groceries,
dred trades suffer, so much from back- cig&TS tobacco . flne stationery, ladles-
tasks, like housework, that do \ and Sents' .furnishings, 8 Eighth street.
not require great physical strength are Bays: "Typhoid and malarial fever
very trying on the back and kidneys, brought on kidney complaint some ten
That is why backache is so common years ago, or at least left my kidneys
among women. That is why so^any affec ted. rendering the use of medical
women are unnaturally weak and tired „ . \u0084 t>».«.i
and sleepless appliances necessary at tlmea Physl-
When the kidneys are sick every ex- { clans advised an operation, but I would
ertion sends a sharp, stinging pain not consent to It as I had not sufficient
through the loins, and for hour after faith in surgery and not a great deal
hour there will be a dull, heavy throb- f me diclne. It was only through a
bing ache in the small of the back. You *- , . • ~* „ . T . ,
strong backs for their. dally work. This and try them. I was surprised at the
remedy helps the kidneys to do their result. I cannot galige the future and
work, to tllter the liquid poisons from positively state that there will not be
the blood, and to send pure, health-giv- a recurrence, but thts I can consclen-
ing blood to the muscles and organs, tlously say. they removed the difficulty
We would sincerely advise every man If they had not. I could not be induced
or woman whose work is hard on the to recommend the preparation, neither
back to help the kidneys with an occa- would I have mentioned the matter to
sional dose of Doan's Kidney Pills. more than one personal friend."
Sold by all Drazslsts. Price. 50c. Foster- M»bn.ra Co.. Buffalo. X. V., Prop*.
RISKS HIS LIFE
FOR FREEDOM
Leg-Shackled Thief Leaps
From Train While It Is Go
ing Twenty Miles an ' Hour
Special Dispatch to The CaJL
FRESNO, Oct. v 12. — For hours to-day
on the. trackless Mo jave Desert, a few
miles north of Mojave, a ieg-shackled
burglar, John O'Brien, wandered, while
Deputy-- Sheriff Walter Pickett of
Fresno and the Mojave ofHcers beat
the mesquite bushes for him. Late to
night Tie was captured.
While en route from Los Angeles on
the overland passenger train, which
arrives here at noon and while the
train was going twenty miles an hour,
O'Brien leaped from the window of
the toilet room. It was a full minute
before the daring break was discovered.
The train was brought to a stop as
quickly as possible and steamed back
to the spot where the desperado had
fallen. The passengers expected to see
him lying beside the track, with his
neck broken, but nothing was seen of
the fugitive. The train steamed away,
leaving Deputy Pickett alone on the
desert to search for his escaped charge.
Later Pickett walked five miles to
||j Near Parkside and
M 1 9th Avenue Boulevard M
&Q On Small Monthly Payments j «&j
M Xo interest on deferred payments. No taxes, hf!
p!^ Title guaranteed. Over $1,000,000 is being ex- Bs*
v pended at Parkside. S*
ENew electric line about to be constructed on Hj
"T" street, just one block from this property. JX
W Ocean Shore Eailroad now under construe- w
nj tion to Santa Cruz will pass close by. fjj
: £|h Buy before all those improvements are com- fjjjj
pfcs pleted and double your money. Automobiles will «^
j»« meet intending purchasers onJSundays. 19th aye. pfd
PJ boulevard and "JI" street, and convey them to i/J
(^property. V. V f$
0^ Look for Bovee, Toy & Co/s sign on bade of jfi
jjl automobiles/ \
gg Take Ellis-street cars, which run out "H" 5jS
pM street to beach, get off at 19th avenue boulevard. J&J
I - — S
fflV ...AGENTS... < (T
fMK 117 Montgomery Street
CATCH GLIMPSE
OF HIGHWAYMAN
Trainmen Report Seeing
Man Believed to Be Slayer
of Messenger Dan Haskell
REDDING, Oct. 12.— T0-day at tunnel
nine, a short distance south of Sims, the
crew of a freignt train saw a man with
a rifle who answers the description of the
robber who shot Messenger HaskelL . The
man was sneaking along in the shadow
of the trees. When the train slowed
down the fellow ran Into a thicket and
could not be found. The Sheriffs office
was notified and men sent to the scene.
There Is a persistent rumor here that the
robber was captured last night and
secretly taken to jail at Red Bluff to pre
vent lynching. Many are inclined to be
lieve the rumor, but the officers scoff at
It.. The funeral of Messenger Haskell
held to-day, was the largest ever held
In Shasta Counjy.
Mojave. where, making up a small
posse of mounted men. as returned. to
the mesquite bushes And followed the
trail of O'Brien until the escaped
prisoner was caught.
O'Brien burglarized the store of H.
Graff & Co. last week, securing $500
worth of firearms and cutlery.HEATED REPLY
BY UNITARIANS
'^\ Score 3lembers of the
nnirch Conference Which
Excluded Their Delegates
KEJS DR. SAVAGE TALKS
>*.» YORK. Oct. 12.— Rev. Dr. Minot
J Savage of the Church of the Messiah .
X'nitarlan. said to-day that the executive
committe* of the Interchurch confer
fr.ee on federation which is to be held
la this city next month was as con6istent
"' vo . rln E to exclude representatives of
tie Unitarians from the conference as
v.er« the Catholics who burned Protes
c*nt» and Protestants who murdered
Cttnolics in the Middle Ages. R«v. Dr.
6avac« eald:
Thai such aa action bu been taken caused
so surprise. Tlio«« who assert that a belief
•n. th« divinity of Christ Is ail iruoortant to
ba.vction tre at least consistent ia excluding
u» ironi their work cf savin* mankind. This
w» nave to admit. They are consistent, just
•* were peop!« !a th« iUddl* Age*. DUb«
»:e: meant eterrial ruin, therefore cut It out.
root e=.d branch; kiil the body if necessary,
but <^ k lv epreed. It was consistent, was
•t noti; But doat you think it is rather late
to be living up to such Ideals of consistency?
And even consistency itself rets muddled
cow end then. as. for Instance. In the treat
ment accorded to our' Unitarian young men
In . the Touns Men's Christian Association.
. hat organization is anxious that th«y should
c;:n« in. It takes their money, but In return
• is forced by its consistent purpose to deny
ti nn a voice in its management; the vote in
if-pard tr> its affairs that is given to young
r~.*r\ of other churches.
' i> r - DonaJd .Sagt Mackay, a member of
the executive committee of the Inter
churcfa Federation said of tlie exclusion:
Such acticn could not properly be takes
Oy feuch a body as this interchurch federa
;:on. Tbis Is rot a legis".i«tiv» body. It hss
nn even a sub-coxmltte^ Vj pass en doctrlnalj
st:a!!ficatiO!iS. It is, tlir.ply a body which has;
iuvttetf Christian churches to. send representa/l
Ln^s to discuss rif-tliods of FjireadinE ttif
xuruter u;^ -\u25a0 \u25a0 or righteousness.
The Unitarians say th*y are Christians a^d
AeElre to join in the work. What can any
£-.*\u25a0 ii conference aa this do but takf ilreit
«-i rd ror It and admit th»n«.? lx>ts of us/ac-
OePt them es «_*hrist!an«: I know that I f>-
Bla&jr of us I'eei deeply the debt wf/"«'«
t>> CbaxtnlßC. «nd »( are anxiuus to ha-* the
T'r.itariar.s at the conferenre. The action
tsken v.as riotif^nsical !n Btjf opinion, i
Rev. Thomas R. Sliccr of .AU'Soul's
Usitariaa Church, speaking for the Unl
tari^'is, made the following statement:
Lut :..« emphasize, first of ell V-.tt we feel
Bo v resentment, but It secn:e to vi Unitarians
that her« is federation withe-Jl tederation.
Wfcen ur.lty is proie»se<3 it is siransely lack
'.np. A :undaniental i>rißcirile of c«rs ie unity.
\u25a0\\c ttanJ for It and we KdVOCAW It alwayc.
V.-» -don t ts.k» exception to t'tM has huta
fione, but. it comes out In singular contrast
t» iho a< non of the New toil* State con
:crtiii.e on religiun. which admi<s to its plat
forni- .le^\ as well es Gcntiir. and which is
r i-ie&cnr ;ive ot real federkt/on. It seems
biU-Uiy 4 h v-liiie to foderai* and have the
&:;»i:]|-.(i.':..e on the aspect of.'a fake.
It at lii- twr'.nning there ar<? excluded from
tk« tatcrcborcb conference <•« federation any
X^rsocs r^iresentlng any nilpious body the
ct rrfertnci? at once becomes absurd, illogical
tr.'l inconsistent.
As I understand it. the Rev. Drs. Lwart
E erett Hal" and Samuel A. Eliot and Former
. S retary of the Navy John i>. Kong were ap
pooited la tHs v.ise: The yodf-rathn of Vni-
Urlan fhurches, with headquarters In Boston.
I me 4 Oneta and notice of their appointment
i v !if si r.t \o the Rev. Dr. ?anford, the secr*
t ry. Dr. Sanfora *ent a letter in reply stating
v pt, upoa ''ci-rful consideration, it had l»een
c- ii'-i to restrict the invitations to the con
fT<>7T-p. "nicie the incident rests, as far as
t!i«> Vnitarian bo«3y officially Is concerned.
K\'ry wall erected between right-minded
jorplr occupies Kmund that is fertile and pes
fs-hU for cultivation— jurt M isiudi of a <"hris
tiar. oa*w. Walla «jp generally considered
tint to be needful, «soe»<t bPt«(*n herds of
«rtl!l rattle. U"bll« w» »ro not (rclnK to press
nurwelvea In. ye would like to k..ow what the
In .;li> may be ar»<l w+iy and where and when
U»e limitation of invitation begin?.
The s^" p ral secretary of the Xatlonal
Federation is Be*. Dr. E. B. Sanford.
vrtio .^aid yesterday:
1 : * ii n action without first consulting our
full '-omin'tte^. The limitation wa« early
tnaij> to such bodies as unquestionably accept
Jfsu^ Christ a* the head of the church. . Ours
1p « ";:?ious movement. It Is evangelical in
e«ien » ose. 1 fefcl *=ure that our ITnitarian
f . j^-ri^r know wlierc our limitation begins and
Tvhrr- it ends. In icy letter to Dr. Eliot I wa«
pazti< ;.>.!• to say that personally few men
•j-» held in rair« cer.eral esteem than the
three wlif>:n the Vnltarlans r.amod. I put that
isatlet «\.-n more strong-ly, so that nobody
cv t'liTik we nbjectod to those men. We
drew Ifhe lire on the dlscioleshin of Jesus
Cht;*f. and it !• ao concern of our committee
Sf a sharp crash results between fucli disciples
Btid ih'jF" who tlo not so follow the head.
"Tljct* arc many Unitarians who can
bo B as aJmost orthodox, and there
sir • Presbyterian*. Episcopalians and
I?aptifi<: wl)o, if rumor be true, are al
most hrtorodox " said the Rev. I>r. R.
F. Mac Arthur 01 Calvary- Baptist Church.
"It jp Vargely a : question of men. Had
I l>?en present In committee, as I regret
I via? not. I shquld have voted to admit
the Rev. Drs. Hale and Kllot and Former
Secretary Jxing-. I Th^se men are needed
ita. -the deliberations. "
Films Developed
If you buy your films of me or
have mr* do .your phoio printing:.
I Carry a Full Line of
NON-CURLING FILMS
My prices for films in rolls of six
exposures are as follows:
•2»ix2^. Isc: 2^x3^i. 30c; 2*£x4K.
Sso; 3',*xoi4, 3Oe; 2^4x4»i, 35c; 4x5.
5x4 anJ C!ixs%, 430.
PHOTO^RINtING
Discount of 10 per cent allowed on
orders of more than six prints each
from 6 negatives. - Here are some
prices: 2iix3U. 4c each; 2%<4%.
'JtixZli and 3 l Ax.*M. sc» 4x5 and 3*4
xs^. 6c j 5x7, 10c
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
100S Market «t^ San Fniaclseo.
:^P Broad Lots at South yei
f PALO ALTO 1
Justify CEMENT SIDK- 1
WALIC and GRADED
STREETS-. This done Trcr I
of cost. The begt proposition I
ever oJrered in California at I
$10 a month or for cash it- I
* on the market now. Come and M
» s«e v* to-day. JfC
I^CM. Wooster Co. J&
P&bb^ «48-3l«rket si. , JsjgSß
E^^rays Remember the JNyn*
ag^ve HTomo Qiinnine
CereS c Cold In One Day. GrJpin 2 Days
JG pTf A onevey
WILEY B. ALLEN DIES
OF APOPLEXY.
Prominent Business
Alan suddenly
Eisses.
Big Po/tland House
Stards as His*
Handiwork.
Wiley B. Mien died suddenly' on Wed
nesday nlg^ shortly after being stricken
with a stoke of apoplexy on Eddy
street. Mj Allen was 50 years of age and
a native I Oregon.
He cam from Portland to San Francis
co a litt| over four years ago, at which
time th/ headquarters of the Wiley B.
Allen ompany were removed to this
city, fs was one of the most promi
nent m«i In the piano trade in the United
Btates; having built up a very large
and j-osperous business in Portland,
whichiiow has branches in Oakland. Sac
ramero, San Jose, Santa Rosa, Reno,
Xev.,ind Phoenix. Arizona, wfth agencies
In njtnerous other parts of the country.
Th)/tsh deeply interested in everything
of- 1 public nature. Mr. Allen never took
acfve part in politics. He had numerous
fr/Sn'ds and was a Knight of Pythias.
A/wife and daughter, Miss Zerita Allen,
gntf mother and a sister survive Mr. Al
' funeral will be held from the Gol
den Gate Undertaking Company's par
1/rs. 2475 Mission street, to-morrow morn-
Jrsg at 10 o'clock.
DEATH OF 3IISS HEUER.
Aonnc Woman. Who had received Re
marknl»le Fraternal Honors, Called.
The death on last Tuesday of Miss
\ Etta Jleuer caus-ed deep sorrow amons
i her many friends and fellow lodge
; mornbers. The deceased was the oldest
; daughter of the late PhillD Heuer and
his surviving: widow, Mrs. Doris Heuer
I of 2J17 Tavlor street.
Miss Heuer had been the recipient of
distinguished honors from the Eastern
Star, bavin?, contrary to precedent,
owing to her youth, been elected wor
thy matron of Golden Gate Chapter.
Her charming personality carried her
further, despite her lack of years, until
she became Grand Supreme Treasurer
of the Grand Chapter of the Eastern
Star and at th« time of her death she
was Grand Secretary of the Past Ma
trons* and Past Masters' Association of
California.
DEATH CAI..L.S SLAV PRIXCE.
Foremost I.!hrral In Russian Kmplre
Sin'ciinili* to Apoplexy.
ST. PETERSBURG; Oct. 12. — Prince
Sergius Troubelskoy was stricken with
apoplexy to-day while attending a con
ference with M. Glashoff, Minister of
Education. He died in two hours.
Prince Troubelskoy was regarded as
the foremost Liberal in Russia. For
a long time he was president of the
Zemstvo Congress of the Government
of Moscow, and headed the delegation
which in June last presented the pe
tition of the All-Russian Zemstvos and
Municipalities Congress to Emperor
Nicholas. On September 15 last he was
elected rector of the University of
Moscow by a large majority, being the
first elected head of a Russian univers
ity since ISBO. when the Government
assumed the right of nomination. The
election of the Prince removed him
from the list of candidates for the Na
tional Assembly, in which it was hoped
he would be one of the prominent lead
ers and perhaps Its president.
MRS. CARKILLO DEAD.
Slster-ln-Law c»f General Vallejo Hies
In Snntn Kota.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 12. — Mrs. Martha
Carrillo, -wife of Joaquin Carrillo.and
sister of the wife of the late General
Vallejo. died here to-night after a
short illness. She was more than SO
years of age and leaves nine children.
Mrs. Carrillo was born in San Diego.
She married her cousin in this city
over fifty years ago. The family name
Is inseparably linked with the early
settlement and history of Sonomo
County, as the city of Santa Rosa is
built^ori the old Carrillo land grant.
General \\ HHnm T. Clark Dead.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12. — General Wil
lia/n T. Clark of Washington, D. C,
died to-day aged 74 years. He was a
member of Congress from Galveston,
Texas, from 1863 to 1873. He was the
last surviving adjutant and chief of
staff of General Grant's army of the
Tennessee. <-.\u25a0
Send for Yonr Eastern Friends This
.Month.
Take advantaEe of the low colonist rates
from Eastern points to California, foo from
New Tcrk..s33 from Chicago, $25 ' from Omaha
Similar low rates from other points. The cost
of a ticket can be deposited with any South
ern Pacific acent and ticket will be furnlsoed
to the passenger In the East. For particulars
and Illustrated literature see agent Southern
PaclHc. •
ELECTRIC ROAD
TO OBSERVATORY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 12.— An electric rail
way up Mount Hamilton to Lick Ob
servatory is an assured fact. The
i financiers of the project are W. S. Tevis
of San Francisco and the men associ
ated with him In the Bay Cities Water
Company. An agreement has been
reached between the Mount Hamilton
Exploitation Company, which for the
last year has betn making:, surveys for
the road, and the syndicate of capital
ists whereby the latter, after an ex
amination of the routes and a favor
able report upon the scheme, are to
build, eauip and -operate the road. For
several weeks the syndicate of capi
talists has had engineers in the field
checking up the work of the engineers
of the exploitation company.
Two routes have been surveyed for
the road, one by Grand View and Halls
Valley, the other by EvergTeen and
San Felipe Valley. The first route,
which was favored by the exploitation
company, has been rejected by the
financier* and the' road will be built by
Evergreen and San Felipe Valley, as
the Bay Cities Water Company owns
thousands of acres of land in that sec
tion. It is proposed to subdivide this
'large tract of land. f \
The promoters of the road propose to
make it^one of the greatest scenic and
pleasure" routes in the State. In 6rder
.that all their patrons may have a
glimpse of the skies and not interfere
with the work of Lick Observatory, a
large observatory, fitted with 1 strong
glasses, will be. buil£ on Mount Hamil
ton, or an adjoining peak, which will
be kept open' at all times.
Most men are made by their enemies
and" marred by themselves.
THE SAN ;;FRANCISeO,XALL; ; : FRIDAY,^OCTOBER ; 13. i° 05 -
WELL-KNOWN BUSINESS MAN
WHO DIBD AT HIS HOME. IN
THIS CITY.
VAINLY SEARCHES
CITY FOR HIS DOG
Bostoir Millionaire's Long
and Fruitless Automo
bile Rider
W. C. Sewall, a wealthy young resi
dent of Bo3ton, who has been a guest
at the St. Francis Hotel for several
days, has spent the last three days
scouring over the city in/an automo
bile with a detective, eagerly searching
for a valuable dog. Sewall recently
arrived from Sydney, - where he pur
chased an .Irish terrier, paying for the
brute $1000. Arriving here he had a
handsome silver mounted collar made
for his pet and then sallied forth with
the dog, -which. had seemingly taken
kindly to his new master and was ap
parently enjoying the climate of his
adopted country.
On Tuesday. : while the terrier was
quietly - trailing behind , his master
through the streets of the Western
Addition, something on one of thfe'eross
streets suddenly attracted 'his curiosity
and turning up the • thoroughfare he
parted for good .with Sewall. A few
minutes later, when Sewall missed his
dog. he retraced^ '-his - -footsteps, but
could not nnd the terrier. He rushed
back to the St. Francis, summoned a
detective and with . the- latter, started
out on a hunt for. the missing dog. The
better part of Tuesday, and all of, We
dnesday were spent - in - the \u25a0 search and
then Bewail decided to. advertise fqr
the dog,, hoping". that; he would .be re-,
turned by some one who was anxious
for a vcward, .. "\u25a0 \u25a0, -> . .:: ,•\u25a0 ;..
But this scheme also, failed. \u25a0'\u25a0 For
several hou'rsj -yesterday Sewall • ner
vously strutted about' the v onTee<of the
St.. Francis awaiting the. return of the
dog that never came. -Even .as- late as
8' o'clock in the evening- the. young
Boston millionaire held out some hope,
but still the dog did not come. . Finally
Sewall arranged with the management
of the house to continue the search for
the dog and repaired to his- apartments
to prepare for his departure for the
East to-day. It has been agreed that
if the terrior is found it shall be
shipped to Boston, but the porters of
the hotel are laying odds that the dog
will become a permanent fixture in
San Francisco. Sewall claims that his
dog has only two equals in this coun
try, a fact which he says was respon
sible for ills paying an exceptional high
prico for him in Sydney:
LITTLE DOROTHY MARCUSE
WILL GIVE PIAXO RECITAL
Xcarly ZOO Invitations Are Issued (or
Entertainment by a Child of
Eight Tears. . .
Invitations have been' sent out by
Hugo Mansfeldt for a piano recital to
be given by his little pupil,. Miss Doro
thy Marcuse, at the residence of-jj. B.
Levison, 2420 Pacific avenue. Dorothy
is just 8 years and 4 months old and;
has shown remarkable talent in a mu
sical line. About 200 Invitations have
been sent out and the Mansfeldt Club
will act as the reception committee..; '•
The little musician, who has studied
the piano just sixteen months,' will ren
der the following'programme:,
(a) Album Blatt. "An Ellse" • (Beethoven);
(b) "Fantasia. Dm." (Mozart): (a) "Am
Spinnrad," op. 18 (3. LJebllns) ; tb) "•Rhap
eodl* Honsrolse," No. 3 (I.lgzt): (c) "Gavotte
Moderne." op. 17 (S. Deb! ing); ."Marchen
bllder," op. 20 (Poldlnl): (a.) "Feenrelgen" ;
(b) "IVlnz and Prtnzessin" ; (c) "Marionettes,:
Poupee Valeante"; . (d) "Rltterzug 1 "; (a)
"SchmettcrllnK." op. 43, No. 1 (Grteg); (b)
"Schn^eKlockchen." • op. 37. No. 4 HTschaikow
sky): <c) "Scherzlno," op. 18, No. 2 (Mosz
kowhkU. . • . .- . \u0084 ' '
COLLINS IS WILLING
TO FACE ACGUSEKS
Wants to Keturn;to-Califor
nia, and Asks for Order
of [Surrender. \u25a0
VICTORIA, 8..C. Oct. 12.— An -Ottawa
dispatch says: Aiexandef Smith of Smith
& Johnston. • had an-.. Interview. • to-day
with the Justice Department ! In ' regard
to the case of George "D., Collins, who is
held at Victoria for extradition to San
Francisco for oerjury. > Collins waives
further proceedings • and says', that he
will return to California. '\u25a0 He .asks for
an order of surrender to be. forwarded by
the department to Victoria. The de
partment, refuses to be,' a party to any
consent' proceedings.
Collins said if the Department of Jus
tice does not. agree to tissue the warrant
of delivery pending; the* decision In' the
proceedings sef for November ,1 he ; will
abandon the proceedings ; now - pending
and a warrant j for his delivery:, can v be
issued at once upon the adverse; decision
given by Justice Duff- when the appeal
wa» taken before him.. -He .is~" averse. to
remaining in Victoria until i November,
as he says his business. Interests: at; San
Francisco 'are suffering by reason of his
absence. He 'says his acquittal there -is
almost a certainty. ; '
PEKING, Oct. 12.— An Imperial- edict ha*
been Issued establishing a . new . board \u25a0 dealing
with police matters, which. have hitherto been
left In the hands of local officials: of .the
various province*. They will henceforth ' be
regulated from \u25a0 a central departm«nt. • .\u25a0 -: .
Try the United States Laundry. "- 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420. •
TAKES OWN LIFE
AND ANOTHER'S
Negro Dairy-Hand Shoots a
Eellow Workman and Then
Turns -Revolver on Himself
BOTH* SHOTS ABE FATAL
Discharged Employe lieturns
;to jtliot Bancli and Com
mits Murder and Suicide
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 12.— This even
ing at,- the Jewett \ 'dairy ranch, four
miles west. of this city, Antona Cross, a
negro, formerly employed at the ranch,
shot and Instantly killed another negro
ranchhand, named A. L-ee. After
emptying his revolver on" his victim,
the -murderer calmly loaded his weapon
and put a' bullet through his brain.
, The motive for this, one of the" most
cold-blooded murders in the history of
the county, originated <ten days ago,
•when Cross, the murderer, . was dis
charged. by Manager Simmons of the
ranch. . For •. some days previous to
Cross' discharge the two negroes had
been /quarreling, and. as Cross ap->
peared to ibe the aggressor, and as he
had.beenilax in his duties, he was tolu
to go.' i> ' - \ ' » , .
: Nothing further was heard from him
until he appeared suddenly .at the
ranch this., afternoon. He loitered
around the premises and when Lee had
commenced his: evening milking in an
isolated -co wpen Cross walked ,v, up -to
him, and, without a word of warning,
emptied his revolver. It appears that
he wan. so nervous that only one bul
let took 'effect. This entered under
I,ee's right ear and death was Instan
taneous. Cross then refilled his
volver, pressed.it upward beneath the
right side of his jaw and fired. His
act was seen by another farmer.
BROWNING CULT
HAS AFTERNOON
OF INTENSITY
The long-haired, the cultured, the curi
ous, the matinee inveterate, crowded into
the Columbia yesterday afternoon to the
Browning "In a Balcony," then and
there given for the first time here by
Miss Eleanor Robson and her associates.
A brave attempt to get the audience Into
its seats by 3 o'clock met with failure.
Promptly as promised the lights w*nt
down at 3 and the musical moonlight in
the orchestra was turned on. But still
they came. It took the other lights and
ten good-minutes finally to seat the crowd
and a precious loss of atmosphere. It
was badly managed. An exceptionally
well-chosen' orchestral prelude, was given,
but unmercifully dragged out, and with
them a deadly, pause lengthening between
It and the rise of the curtain.
But the, curtain did rise at last, and
upon a, seine that the maddest Brown
ingite could not- but be satisfied with,
Italian, moonlight, .trees sleeping In the
distance, . a noble balcony, and a single,
slim, golden-gowned- figure ..in. the fore
ground.* :Miss .Robsqn's work is charming
throughout, bul^ possibly' its most telling
phase is.in the singularly beautiful picture
thatshe contrived always io present, -"with
her; eloquent .sensitive hands,, and grace
ful.", fragile figure... ; The true i romantic
note was immediately struck, and upon
Mr. I Warner's entrance lifted to brilliant
corivlc.lon. There iS one actress who
could better Mls"s Robson* s Browning, and
that is Julia Marlowe. Nay, there is an
other, and that other Margaret Anglln, of
whom Miss ' Robson hauntingly reminds
here. ;"
Better ' than Mr. Warner].? Norbert it
were quite impossible, to- imagine. Beau
tiful # hls voice is, not. but the ardent.in
telligence of his reading, the tenderness,
spirit and passion of ?»Ir. Warner's acting
leave nothing to be desired. Poet he is,
or the player \u25a0 could . not" so read this
poetry, and the physical illusion is abso
lute. Thbsein search of a Paolo, of a
Romeo, need not go farther and the mat
ine'e girl is doomed again.
Miss Dwyer's queen is another story,
strongly ' intelligent as. 'it is.." She is not
in the picture. The "divinity that . doth
hedge a king" is lacking, nor do Miss
Dwyer's sonsie proportions at all suggest
the frail, ; love-hungry, passion-worn
creature who believes she has at last
found love. It is not at all a matter ot
not understanding with Miss Dwyer,
simply a matter of atmosphere.
With these three people there was given
the little Browning play, with such
keen and constant enjoyment to the
audience that the \u25a0 poetic play, will
forever -look better. 'to ' one .theatrical
manager? Given without " intermission,
it had . • the % perfect -* illusion ;of the
short story. It has .long speeches,
but : the psychological interest of these
is almost Ibsenic in its, intensity. Three
people, only, on a moonlit balcony, hardly
any action, -yet is here. drama of the sub
tlest and most: compelling. •
.Possibly/it is in suggestion of the subtle
sophistication" of .Constance, the intrigu
ante by nature and instinct, that Miss
Robson is .most successful. A little ar
tificial one finds her in the'delivery of her
lines at the; beginning' of \ the play, later
to come Into- a fine naturalness. Not
so deeply poetic" as. one perhaps expected
is the- portrait, its single/ ecstasy of no
bility not-fuli-toned. enough.'. but. in deli
cady. tenderness,', beauty of picture, one
could ask -no more. And most-exquisite
ly-,' eloquently, Miss Robson does nothing.
By : all' means 'should the play.-be- re
.peated. ' : , • \u25a0 . ,
• Last night Lyric Hall. held another en
thusiastic and larger audience than Mon
day's. 1 for the-, second concert of Hugo
Heermann and.hls son, Emil Heermann.
It • was a fiddler's audience, and ; a .fiddler's
programme,' and it was a. fiddler's welcome
and appreciation that met^ the players.
Ttiere were Vacant seats in the house, it is
shame to" say,- and Bach's C major sonata
for- two violins,- played as- it- will not
be"? played '-.' for : another decade or \ so. |on
the programme. This to remind ; now,
that the » Bach-d ouble . concerto, \ for. the
same : lovely combination,', will \u25a0 be . played
at the Saturday afternoon j concert.
J The I chef d'oeuvre \u25a0of the evening was,
however, - ths . first "movement of 1 the Bee
thoven" concerto, played with utmost no
bility and beauty -of : style by Heermann
pere> Heermann '\u25a0 fils . followed 'this "with
the \u25a0"•\u25a0Wagner - Wilhelmj "Preis-lied," £fnd
good; t romantic . and splendidly \ toned
fashion. 1 ( with 'the -recitative and
adagio (sixth concerto).' came next. :v;ith
its l broad cantilenas better than ; sung by
the' ? father.' and the No. 1 Paganinl con
certo l by Mr:-. Emil ; Heermann. ;? For that
here is double violin -playing' ih'rriiracu-,
lous ensemble, and two violins— the Hugo
Heermann one of the famous Stradinari—
$8000 1 bought it— worth hearing | for; them-;
selves alone. Saturday's "concert- should
not Jbc missed : if there were no- other
reasons for going."- \u25a0
BLANCHE- PARTXNGTON.
The Honest 'Value 92.50 Shoes
For 1 men : ' wear.! like iron ;\u25a0• quality superior to
any : $2 50 aho« % on the ] market; , : 76 i styles. '16
Fourth -str«»t. *-\u25a0 ;":•;\u25a0 \u25a0 ' .' !l/ '\u25a0 T—*
r On I the: last i day.- of - May; a \u25a0 10-year-old
boy.made 1 the. ascent; of the difficult Wet-,,
terhorn ?in Switzerland
*, ; — ' \u25a0 . — • - -::/" i : ::..::: -.;•.' .» --. ' . "•/ • — -—3
S Best Suits Possibie at 2 Unusual Bargains s
T;W $10 and $15 1
*^ \u25a0 >^tvX7^ The best we ever had for °*
X I ]A^ c *^" : A "^^"".^^ Suits are hand made i^KfV^ /^ffl^w^^v *5
£ }*%w\\A. Mf Double or single -breasted - / .;\u25a0 jh . l -il \ \\'\\\tyW^k 5
* \£& and trim- M£\ V l\ ' p }^m%s *
if '^^^M!*^^-^^' l^ii . mings,' suits that; vv3l ' retain /\j!"^i\ fw \ • * • ' o '/? '•)s/ °5
Hi V^^^mi^r^^BL - their shape while in service. (V^MB«i ° 1 M\^ ; '• ' •Al)/i(ffl^A l )/i(ffl^ •*
Sf f ~^^B^, \ Materials fine blue serge. jf Jr^Stt^#^ x
I L.^Sp^^' f blue or black cheviots; black W^W "*
& AW^iif I"I \*M dressy mixtures and plaids. ... *C t iM/iifStf t * Jf^^'iV^rA "5
* \%W I LI! Plent y of al! sizes - in - 3/ ) liiifti &4<Sm i
i 'WnlV'Wbß eluding stouts, at , 4T> IFf |»^S I I |S Pj "?
? XZk ...... ?})ID withOT vvith \f || %
* y&i&p ore °^ t^ 10se go °^ 10 extraMSl extra h J| v 5
*! j^f^ suits lor men. Plenty D l Juf g^W R»n4-o cA "2
2» &^ of blue serge and black ICUILO^^ Btt * iSsf^ 61 " £%$ \u25a0 %
£ cheviot and about a dozen of the latest mixtures in cheviot £f \
g or worsted effect-neat, dark shades and colorings for fall extm tnuserSr .p nem : J
| Eton Blouse Suits- Two-piece Sult-Whkh *
h made, perfect fitnng suits that have the appearance ot the -g ... wnrt \, ,i« ««v. .A,. »«V • i » » • » "2
Jf Hackett-Carhiirt fair StykS ready. _• Both pairs of pants full «»• The most fashionable smts J
,ft ' . : lined, white Enen collar and this season for boys 7to 14 3
ISi ~~~~~~ " silk bow. Fine cheviots ia blue years. They come in dressy -5
'jK "W^Tt l#flS u y mas to y s Row - While' the Will & and |2 of newest mixtures; mixtures and plaids in browns, "<»
2' : • *fjr \u25a0 Finck sale continues and save half.- You will sizes 6t012 . ... gtays and darker shades; <l^Jt S
H probably find just the toy you intended to buy in the assortments. .......... <p O suit and extra trousers .<^ &
£ ]s c^°, Game ; •• • 5° l\ c oal \V^. rks • •'••!?« The fin Top Coat Suits, Hats and Furnishings are now '%
i *u»s2z^\:j*SB $2io^ut M Gai. e n-«./ 2°2 ° i
$ 50c Flying Machines '. . 25c ........ - :SI.OO at right of mam entrance. . . «J
i ' . . *
| 10,000 Pairs Women's Stockings Renaissance Pieces : ;
S Marked Haif or Less _ 25c and 50c 3
J> - oome very dainty rrench Kenaissance
X Another of the Emporium's unmatchable offerings. The balance of centers and doiEes the attraction in the new Ij
IS a foreign manufacturer's fall and winter 1905 stocks. Roman and vertical jecond floor department to-day. J
jff stripes, plaid and Jacquard designs; lace effects in black and colored hand embroidered The center, are 20x20 inches, round or %
* aSfig&aP in gauzl novelty boot effects and hundreds of dozen, of p.am W ff AfraxSkf«B S
flf black. beg.nn.ngth» morning: . The doiKes are 12x12 inches, same styles a, 3
S 25c and 35c Hose • • I/O 35c and 50c Hose • • 21C center* ; look worth 50c. special . 25c %
| 75C, $1.00, $1.25 Hose • 39C strictly hand~mckl*. %
% ' \u25a0\u25a0 • - \u25a0 ' . . "^
| 5000 Pairs Men's Haif Hose _ fuIZJS? Ti'l'i \
£ Fnday and Saturday, j9c Patr sev«ai hundred j -The r^- %
H a i • l•i_ l I- (mi j • . -jc jic i riit l- jl ii $3.00 shoes, made of velvet calf, with Good- *M
•? A toreicn maker s broken lines ot tall and winter ZDc and djc socks, r ull tashioned halt • , • . . . . °Z
| ho S e. B abso.«t C ly fast bUck. with Maco feet or spHt soles and about 300 dozen jO C I
J. fancy effects, all marked special, per pair . .. 1 </W Saturday -, ot ff °5
k> ..' ========================== pair. ....... .tp^*lD 3«
I Fancy Ribbons Worth to 55c Yard Slrlclly Fresh Oraamepy |
I Selling Now at 18c and 25c Butter 45c I
i'Jl Some clever purchases of most desirable millinery, sash, neck and belt ribbons are now _ , , , , , , \
\ % being offered at half or less than half regular prices.: Sale will continue to-morrow if °™ «««' end-of-the-week butter sale will J
tt- quantities last, but best come to-day to make sure of getting a style and color you want.* M *" fa . cbve as ertx to-day and Satur- #
tf . . day. Choice creamery stock, A ,M
X Thousands of yards of fancy regular size squares for- . . •*
I t^!rjl e "^"ot Pins and Brooches 25c A'.rf^^*,«w |
I §MM?^*M Worth 35c and sOc S£3S=EB!£gSo3£ 3
*•* inch - fancy stripes, 3> 2 '- /*r Hundreds of men's and women's scarf pint, in the new- vu 1 ***' t?"? 1 *? \,l ".*.* ' ' ' %%P «
% inch checks, beginning /K C est effecU ; ladies' brooches, stone set and translucent "am-Boiled. Kingan . best. Ib. - . 28 O J
tf this morning, all at yard W ' effects; three-piece cuff pin sets, etc.; dainty new g" I "^ F< S a ?-^ 'J 0^ N 3^ Sf° S
h 3.»4 unch ribbons — I aftetas m ..'..\u25a0>. * - ***** Columbine Cream — The x
I?,' Jacquard designs, white grounds •.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0" ''" '- r \u25a0' '"""^""""^^"1 best, tin Qo X
j^ with colored edges; and pretty S7^ ' Whisky — Old Crow or H>
k° and effective warp prints with V^^^ V^^ f / * \u25a0 Hermitage, special, bot 780 '2
*L colored edges; values up <e\ *~£- Jf/f O/y\,4LAS f/^/&2' M M t Mbf Por * or Sherry— Fine 5-yearHsH '2
Ij^^lc &llcJL9lu/2QtiU££f ciae kWßfc--iJ?ck WBfc--iJ?c f
k lk» mormns ... \u25a0 \u25a0 • cmjfornia-s largest- f 'm ~ ~ ,, $ iS,"°™-7 t ? " t £v*£ X
% W^M:-'% j*" iibii «" J—sTOßc' SS^t^^SS %
A -' - ' - • «2
n. \u25a0 \u25a0 . . - •\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0. &
PERSONAL.
Attorney W. H. Hatton of Modesto is \
at the Occidental.
E. W. Churchill, a banker of Napa,
is at the St. Frincis. |
C. W. Noyes. a merchant of Boston, |
is at the Occidental. \
Dr. and Mrs. J. Hewetson of Riverside i
are at the Occidental.
. C, -AVickersham, a merchant of Bakers
field, is staying at the Grand. |
A. A. Martin, a prominent citizen of i
Lodi, is stopping at the Palace. i
W. H. Weeks, a well-known architect of
Watsonville, is at the California.
- Hon. Jarr.es E. Fenton, a prominent
attorney of the north, is at the Occi
dental. \u25a0* t )
. N. Blackstock of. Ventura, a member
of the Board of Bank Commissioners, is
at the. Palace.
Judge Frank H. Short, the Yosemita
Valley Commissioner, is up from Fresno
and Is stoppingat the Palace.
\u0084 J. E. Stubbs. president of the Nevada
State University at Reno, accompanied
by Mrs. Stubbs. is at the Palace Hotel.
O.J. Smith, president, and W. B.
Griflin. cashier: of the Eureka (New)
County Bank are guests at the Palace
Hotel. . :
William Graham, the oil magnate of
Santa Barbara, and\ Mrs. Graham re
turned from abroad yesterday and are
registered at the St. Francis. , .
\u25a0 W. P. Youngs, who is largely Interested
in timber lands in this State, and heads
a "syndicate that has recently purchased
a big timber tract in Northern California,
Is at the St. Franics.
1 W.. 'Si .Fielding. Minister of Finance
of the Dominion of Canada. Is at the
Palace. He is returning to his home in
Ottawa after attending a conference in
Victoria regarding the readjustment of
the colonial tariff.
A party of prominent people frojji
St. Johns,, Mich., is making a tour of
'theV coast 1 and' at present is domiciled
atthe Palace. It includes John C.
-Hicks, and. Mrs. Hicks. C- C. Vaughn
and Mrs. Vaughn and William M. Smith.
O.* W. 1 -Everett, who has been acting
as manager of the hotel in the Yellow
stone Park, and wife are at the St.
Francis Hotel on their way to New Or
leans,, where he is to assume the duties
of assistant manager of of the St. Charles
Hotel, "v • \u25a0\u25a0:•'. \u25a0 - ,
Pe:cyS. Gardner, a well-known mining
man of Goldfield, arrived In this city with
his bride, Wednesday and - is. registered
at the Palace. Mr. Gardner married
Miss" Gertrude |E. Beardsley , . a j belle in
the newly discovered mining district, on
October" 9 and the couple are spending
their honeymoon- touting the. State.
Among- the.- recent arrivals at the St.
Francis is'C. A. Grenfell, one of the most
prominent :of the younger members jof
London club life, and a well known play
'erviri the! golf set of the British metrop
olis. \u25a0", He is a great friend of William
Vanderbift and is a brother-in-law of the
Duke o^Marlborough. The visitor Is here
on a pleasure trip.
Callfornlaas' in A'e^r York.
. NEW-YORK. Oct.; 12— The following
Calif ornians have arrived in NewTYork:
; : From San Francisco— W.'Brobeck, at
the Park Avenue; ; J. \u25a0 M. Chase, at * the
Grand Union ; Miss Ada' Davison, at the
Park Avenue; E. McCoy, ) at the Hotel
Imperial; A. G. Frazer, at the Gllsey;
F. A. Jacobs, at the Hotel -Astor; -A.
Sanders, 1 at the Cadillac; C. T. ! Crocker,
at the Holland; A. M. Odges, at the
Martha Washington; B. H. Oliver, "at
the Broadway Central.
From Los' Angeles — E. R. Leeman. at
the Grand Union; Miss V. Bartlett. Miss
F. Bartlett, A^G: Bartlett and wife, at
the Seville; A. H.Braly. at the Hotel
Astor; A. Gravet, at the Grand Union;
J. W. Hall, at the Broadway Central; G.
A. Karpe, at the Hotel Navarre; P. J.
Keeler, at the Everett House.
Calif ornlans In Paris.
PARIS, Oct. 12.— The -following Cali
fornians are-visiting in Paris: Mrs. and
Mathilde Abrahamson of : Oakland.
A shop in Strasburg called "The Sign of
the Stag" has been occupied as a chem
ist's business for 700 years. J.'J. f
CORRECT STYLE:- Every Regal style is copied direct and „..
at once from the original hand-made shoes that set the world's"
fashions... \u25a0"','.. .'..'• \u0084 . .
PERFECT FIT. »— The :75 Regal styles include every variation ia
shape and outline,:every widti, of ball and height of instep. ;
QUARTER SIXES i— The Regal is the only shoe gm
at any price that give 3 you better than a half-sizz mWJ
LONG WEAR : — Regals not only give the longest l'i+J
kind of long wear,- but they keep their style and Xs&ir\
HAND-WORK i— There is no machine-work
in the Regal except where -it is in every /^^^^f^^S,
way better than hand-work. "
WHOLESALE PRICEt-NoßcgaJ wSM^MV I
shoe could be sold for leas than $5 if it I
had the usual handicap of four extra and l^^^^p^^^^H^^ '
unnecessary profits. The Regal is a
''six-dollar shoe at the wholesale price" /•^^^^j^m^^^^
only because it i 3 sold to you direct. D^^^^^^^^^^^^^s
tf»Q JZf% (Special Ca»t»a ßeach-made. s4.) j£§£Si&ESßs§aK3i^f
WtJ*!/U Some of the new Rejals have been
\u25a0^ made up to meet a demand from »?>T^w^£gB3B?^^a»E*Sji>Tg
many of our old and new customers for a shoe 2j
built in a little more expensive way than the JBaE^sSaMßaflßgEpßrSfcy
regular Regal line — an evidence of the - same #CSESJS^3SSBHIEB>yTg<aWP'^
desire for fine-finished apparel that creates AfewK^^iiiß??^^ \sir^
the demand for fuil . sillc-lined overcoats.
The advantages of the special 54 models
over the $3^o Reeal are in their extra ! f^JßrfffL onm^^ny ' *
custom features: All of the leathers /iffiS^ H&SfjsßfiSjy ..„_
and other materials in them are the ,^|^f^*j lL ;hMBB/ i*lXVii
oest of the b**t; they have a little 4h|^^^^l^^Sl An ori-inal New
more hand work; a little more silk *T^BBEHK^¥.?V+^BBP^ v»a..,,i. »» j >
stitchiny; round-cornered tops; calf- . i|tsSsP^&l»*l V ? T * ztylc - Ma^ c
sScin lining inside the hooks; wide, ~«BSgBsiPi€^ilSiKSl ° , ' smooth '
gold-lettered leather top facing; /^a^p^^^^^^Sr '•oft, WaxC a X f ,
plain black strap; special custom jE'f^^'^^tMrar^ wide -extended
finish on the sole, etc They are , -s^^Br sole at the tread
bench made shoes that represent 3HSP§£S»HP£3J^ narrow near the toe I
the finest handicraft of the most fiftllMaggar sc^rll^ 7\ * .t^Ti
skilled New England shoemakers t^^^^P?^^ Scalloped 111 1 p , sku.ed
—and few genuine custom-made yB&M3&K£r oown to a oevel at the
$12 shoes equal their handsome <®BKS'!Sir tdze. Outside and inside
appearancie. Their extra features \gfsgij^ backstay.— s3.s O.
are more than worth the small ~ ~ [
additional price.",- . ' \u0084
Send ; for Style-BooK. j \i Mailorders Promptly Filled.
- -Bold direct from tannery to consumer. Tha l&nrest retail shoe business
In the world. 97 stores In principal cities from London to Boa Francisco.
SAXc FRANCISCO— MEN'S 'STORES: 82th Market str*€t: lTararren street.
' l X '? rt STORES: 820 Market street; 17 OTarrell street. . OAKLAND
" :\u25a0\u25a0/\u25a0\u25a0 STOR E, -22 San Pablo avenue. .-.-:.
FRENCH WAR OFFICERS TEST
SEW DIRIGIBLE BALLOO.Y
Establish the Merits of Lebaady'*
Aerial Traveler as an Aid to
. Military Movements.
TOULON, France. Oct. 12. — The hug»
Lebaudy dirigible balloon, constructed
under the patronage of the War Office,
made Its first successful ascent to-day
with some chief engineers and a party
of officers, who made an extensive
reconnaissance of the military defenses
from Toulon to j Nancy, near the Ger
man frontier. The officers made In
spections of the forts and took photo
graphs of them, thus establishing tht'
merits of dirigible balloons for war
purposes.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
SEEKS IN VAIN
FOR DEAR ONES
H. 0. Ernst Asks Police to
Aid Him in Search for
Missing Wife and Child
FEAKS FOE THEIK LIVES
Mother Takes Six- Year-Old
Daughter for Short Walk
and Does Not Return
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. — The mysterious
disappearance of Mrs. H. O. Ernst, who
lives at 812 Henry street, and her six
year-old daughter has been reported
to the police by the husband and father,
who says that his wife and daughter
went out for a walk yesterday at
noon, and failed to return. Persistent
search has failed to locate tfcem and
Ernst has appealed to the authorities
for aid in discovering their where
abouts. Ernst fears that his wife may
have committed suicide, taking the life
of her child as well as her own.
Thomas Parker, a carpenter. 60
years of age living at 419% Tenth
street, has been reported missing since
last Sunday.. L. Galloway, a close
friend of the missing man. said to-day
that Parker had left home on -Sunday
evening and since that time has not
been seen at any of his usual haunts.
Calloway lives at 515 Tenth street.
NEWS OF ALAMEDA COUNTY
FIREMAN HURT. -Oakland. Oct. 12.— T.
J Robert*, a member of the Sixth-street En
gine Company, waa struck by a crank us the
hock, and ladder truck was rounding a turn
In going to a fire thli afterr.oon and two of h.s
ribs were fractured. He was treated by Dr.
O. D. Ham'.ln at the Receiving Hosultal.
6OA1 1 COMPANY WINS.— Oakland. Oct. 12.
Judge Ogden handed down a decision to-day in
which he held that the town of Berkeley can
not now invade the territory held by the
Standard Soap Company for the purpose or
opening up Alleton way through the tract to
the bay shore. He found the title to the
street defective a • rave the comj>any a ver
dict.
EARNED BY LIVE WlRE— Oakland. Oct.
12. — Manuel Borbora, an eight-year-old boy.
took hold of an electric wire at his parents'
horn*. Second and Madison itreets. this even
ing and the palm of his hand was burned
white. Bt was taken to the Receiving Hcs
jiital. where the Injury was attended to. Thi
wire, he mid, was sputtering fire and he took
his cap In his hand ami tried to put It out.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OakIand. Oct. 12.
Th.* following marriage licences were Issued
by the County CU-rk to-day: Guy W. Cham
berleln. 2-\ I'crtland. and Elizabeth Robin
••.n. 25. Alameda; Adolph Hanson. .12. and
Julia Mag-nußon, 23. both of Oakland; William
G. Callinan, 33, Pan Francisco, and Gertrude
E. CaUlnan. 2s. Oakland; Truman W. Par
»"ms, 13. and Maude W. Nev.-hard, 20. both
of Oakland.
PAL.MIS-TS ARE RELEASED. — Oakland.
Oct. 12. — Charg** of grand larceny against
Mile. Orletta. a nalmist who was In this city
several months ago, and her manager. P. W.
Mellory. were dismissed this morning by Po
lice Judge Samuels and the complaining wlt
ne*s. Mn. A. C. Lindsay, residing at 1103H
Broadway, was severely rebuked by the court
for having caused the arrest of the couple, as
her own testimony indicated that no crime had
been committed.
WOirXDED IN FIFTY PLACES. — Oakland.
Oct. 12. — Frank B. Hill, the mine-owner who
\u25a0was •erlously injured at his home, 318 Grand
•venue, by the explosion of a gas meter yes
terday morning, is slightly improved' to-day,
and his physician. Dr. W. F. Porter, cays that
the on!y danger lies in the fact that blood
poisoning- may «*t In through the Infection of
«on:e of the wounds. On examining the pa
tient last nlrht Dr. Porter found that fifty
wounds hEd be^n inflicted by the flying frag
ments cf the Flattered meter.
KNIGHT* OF COtAntBVS IN ALAMEDA.
Alameda. Oct. 12.— Oakland Council No. 784.
K nights of Columbus, will attend £:30 o'clock
mBse at Ft. Joseph"s Church next Sunday
morning end will receive communion In a
body. California Council of the Young Men's
Institute h&s be*>n Invited to join with the
Knights of Columbun in the service. After
ntti th» communicants will b& nerved break
fast in Notre Dame Academy by th» ladies
of Ft. Joseph's parish.
NOBLE BURGLAR'S FRIEND MISSING.—
Alameda. Oct. 12.— R. H. Rowe, a local butoh
•-r, who Interested himself in the case of L»on
B. Newton, an ex-cor.vlct and son of an Eng
lish nobleman, recently arr*rted here for roh
blnr the home of Ernest Mayrlsch Jr. 2323
Buena Vista avenue. -;« missing from his mar
ket and Is being nought by F. W. McCann.
who asserts that Row* owes him $140 for
mon*y borrowed and rent. McCann has at
tached Rowe'e market. Rowe was formerly a
guard at Folsom prison and it was there that
htt made th* acquaintance of , Newton.
PARISH FAIR OPENS TO-NIGHT — ©ak
land. Oct. 12.— The fair for which the mem
ber* of et. Patrick's Parish, in West Oakland
ha* been preparing for several months past
will be formally ooened to-morrow evening
at the parish hall, and everything Indicates
that :t will be cne of the most successful
events of its kind ever held in the parish. The
opening address will be made by the Rev J
B. McNaJly. the pastor of the parish who
during the months of preparation has worked
as hard as an^- member for the success of
the fair. The <Joore will oppn at 8 o'clock
Th«« fair will c&ntinue for ten days.
ADVERTISEMEXI^
Shot Full
of Holes.
"I am 65 years old, and have
been a g^reat sufferer from
headache all my life. One of
Dr. Miles' circulars was left
at my door, and what it con-
tained about headache inter-
ested me, so that I determined
to invest a dollar in their make
of shot, and go gunning for
that headache. The first charge
brought it down, but I contin-
ued to shoot until the thing
was shot so full of holes that
I believe it will never come to
life again. I consider it the
work of a "good Samaritan,"
to spread the knowledge of
what Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills
will do/ I. F. MOORE,
1352 Fairfax Aye., Bridgeport,
Conn.
Headache, Neuralgia, Sciat-
ica, Backache, Stomachache,
Bearing Down Pains, Rheuma-
tic Pain, or Pain from any cause
yields readily to the soothing
influence of Dr. Miles' Anti-
Pain Pills upon the nerves, the
irritated- condition of which
causes the pain. Harmless if
taken as directed, and leave no
disagreeable after-effects.
Or. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills are sold by
your druggist, who will guarantee that
the first package will benefit. If It
falls he will return your money.
25 doses. 25 cents. Never sold In bulk.
Aliles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
LOVE OF CHILD
BRINGS REUNION
William Callinan, Leader of
Columbia Orchestra, Weds
Former Wife in Oakland
COUPLE SEEM HAPPY
After Three Years' Separa
tion They Remarry Out of
Affection for Little Girl
OAKLAND, Oct. 12. — Love for their
little child effected to-day the reconcil
iation of an estranged husband and
wife, who. after three years of separa
lion, were reunited by a second mar
riage. The srroom was William G. Cal
linan, leader of the orchestra at. the
Columbia Theater in San Francisco, and
the bride was the woman who, three
years ago. was granted a divorce from
him. It nay i»c possible that the au
dience that sits bohind Callinan may
discover a new note in his music thax
heretofore has been absent, and it may
possibly be accounted for by the once
lost haupinoss that has been returned.
At any rate Mr. and Mrs. Callinan
seemed very happy to-day when they
went to the County Clerk's office and
secured a marriage license and a little
later secured the services of Justice of
the Peace Quinn, who pronounced them
once more man and wife. But it was
the little daughter to whom was given
the credit for their reunion, and with
out the love for the little one, which
both of them 3hared, they said there
would have been no wedding celebrated
between them to-day.
SOCIETY MUCH
INTERESTED IN
COGHILL DEBUT
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
OAKLAND. Oct. 12. — In this age of rapid
action and quick results many good old cus
toms are frequently overlooked. It is only
the old families now who seem to deem a
young woman's introduction to society of
enough importance to make it a formal affair.
The maid of to-day doe« her hair a little
higher, adds a few inches to her skirts and
steps irom the schoolroom Into the social whirl
without any more ado. But a girl's "comlnß
out" is really an epoch In her lite, an oc
casion that marks the dividing line between
Childhood and womanhood, and it l» a sweet
centiment that makes the event a gala. day.
The Stanleys and the CoghlHs have long
been prominent in Oakland affairs and are
included among this city's aristocratic fam
ilies, so the social debut of Miss Bessie Cog
hill, daughter of Mrs. Thomas B. CoghtU
and granddaughter of Mrs. John A. Stanley,
will be an Important social event. Cards are
out for October 26. and many fashionables from
both sides of the bay are included in the in
vitations. A large receiving party will assiu
Mrs. Coghill and her mother, Mrs. Stanley.
Mrs. Oecar Fltxallen Long gave lovers of
music a delightful hour or two to-day by pre
vailing upon her friend, Mrs. Fletcher Copp of
Boston to give an Illustrated talk on the
work she has been doing in the East. England
and Germany. Magnetic, earnest and thorough
ly conversant with her subject, Mrs. Copp
fairly sweeps musical knowledge into one'k
brain with a masterful clarity and sureness
that Is irresistible. Plainly and inelegantly
expressed. Mrs. Copp'g art consists in Teaching
music teachers how to teach. By her system
(hildren grasp the first principles of harmony
a« easily as Mother Goose. Like Columbus
and the egg. It* simplicity is marvelous.
Mrs. Long, herself a musician and composer
of more than ordinary ability, has been keenly
Interested in Mrs. Copp «nd her work having
been in fact one of the several prominent wo
men who hay? taken advantage of Mrs. Copp'*
visit to California to become familiar with
her system. Mrs. Copp leaves for Portland
to-morrow. She will probably be Mrs Long's
guest again for a short time before returning
to her home In Boston. Among the Interested
auditors In the auditorium of the Nurses'
Home, where Mrs. Copp entertained her guests
to-day, were Mrs. Melvln C. Chapman, Mrs.
H. C. Capwell, Mrs. Charles Egbert Mrt
Arthur Holland. Mrs. *J. H. Mathews Mrs'
John F. Connors, Miss Anita Thompson Mrs
W. E. Sharon. Mrs. Charles Woodbury, Mrs
R. A. Bray and Miss .Connors.
Mlsb Mabel Gray. Mien Martha Coffin and
Miss Charlotte Hall were the lucky scorers
at Miss May Coogan's card party yesterday
The Coogan home In Linda Vinta was charm
ingly decorated with the eeason'n blossoms,
adding color and fragrance to the always
cheery and hospitable atmosphere of this
pleasant home. A bevy of society girls as
sisted Misa Coogan. the affair being compli
mentary to Mrs. Murray Orrick, Mrs. Traylor
Bell and Miss Jean Downer.
SARGENT STILL HELD.
OAKLAND, Oct. , 12.— Until Earle A.
Sargent, the university student burg
lar, is represented in court by his at
torneys, Judge Ellsworth states he
will not sentence him to State Prison
and he must remain In the County Jail
another day without any special care
for the serious Injury to his brain
caused by a policeman's bullet.
It is a peculiar quirk of the' law that
ties him down, but while he was repre
sented by attorneys a year ago, at
which time he pleaded guilty to bur
glary and was admitted to probation,
he is not on trial, for the law provides
he can be picked up at any time and
sentenced for the offense to which he
pleaded guilty. For fear of error, how
ever, he will not be sentenced until his
attorneys can be produced In court.
Another point suggested by the doc
tors is that at the present- time he is
not altogether competent owing to his
injury and it may be pleaded that he
is so far insane as not to be eligible
to State Prison, but rather a patient
for an insane asylum.
REFUSES PISTOL PERMIT.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— Mayor Mott has
declined to issue a permit to Mrs. Eliza
beth Baker to carry a pistol. Mrs. Baker
represented that she feared her husband,
Joseph Baker, a carpenter/ from whom
she Is separated. The Mayor held that
the law did not encourage the carrying
of weapons under such conditions. Be
sides. Baker is given an excellent repu
tation for peace, quiet and Industry.
EAGLES PLAN CELEBRATION.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 12. — San Rafael
day, October 24. will be celebrated by
San Rafael Aerie No. 256, Fraternal
Order of Eagles, with a minstrel -show,
to be followed by a dance in the San
Rafael opera-house. They are work
ing hard to make the programme one
of unusual interest and one to be re
membered. The affair Is under the
control of George F. Goerl, James Beg
ley, Franz Frey, J. S. Kerrigan, .Wil
liam Connor and Frank Weise.
MEETIXG PLACE COMPLETED.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 12. — A new annex
to Fraternity Hall has Just been fin
ished to accommodate the growing
fraternal .organizations here. The an
nex is completely equipped with lodge
rooms and conveniences for several so
cieties.
ARCHITECTS TO ADDRESS CHURCH
CLUB. — Alameda, Oct. .12. — Edward H Ben
nett, chief assistant to Daniel H. Burnhaxn,
who is planning the beautlfleatlon of San Fran
cisco, and Willis Polk will address the Church
Club in Parich Hall next Tuesday evening on
••The Economic Effect* of Civic Adornment."
THE SANI FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1905.
JURY RETURNS
HEAVY VERDICT
Gives an Injured Man Dam
ages of $10,000 Against
People's Express Company
ACCIDENT ON BRIDGE
Plaintiff, While Riding on an
Electric Car, Is Dragged
Off by Wagon Whiffletree
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— Claude L. Aesa
lena, a floorwalker employed by the H.
: C. Capwell Company, was given a verdict
I for $10,000 to-night against the People's
f Express Company by a jury in Judge
I Waste's court for injuries sustained in an
I" accident on Webster-street bridse. At
| torneys M. C. Chapman and Mortimer
Smith reoresented Assalena. The case
was on trial seven days.
The accident occurred in March, 1904.
Assalena was riding on the outside of an
Alameda electric car crossing the bridge,
' when a whiffletree of the express wagon
caught him and yanked him off the car
under the team.
Before Assalena could save himself he
had been mangled so badly that he did
not recover for months. He was jln a
hospital for three months and left there
with impaired physique. An injury to his
head was the most serious and lasting
effect.
The jury debated for three and a hall
hours before arriving at a verdict.
MURDER RUNS
RIOT ON SHIP
WILMINGTON, N. C. Oct. 12.— Her
decks and cabins splotched with blood
from the butchery following the mu
tiny aboard the ship early Tuesday
morning off the North Carolina coast,
the four-masted schooner Harry A.
Berwlnd of Philadelphia was towed
into Southport to-day by Wilmington
tugs.
Aboard were the prize crew of the
New York schooner Blanche H. King,
who were wanted as witnesses against
the three -negroes shackled and
brought to the Cape Fear quarantine
station on Wednesday, charged with
mutiny and murder.
At the preliminary investigation be
fore United States Commissioners Col
lier of Wilmington and Pinner of
Southport to-day the men who board
ed the Berwlnfl told the story of con
ditions on the vessel as they found
them and the prisoners were then in
troduced at their own reauest. They
gave their names as Robert Sawyer,
Henry Scott and Arthur Adams, all
negroes, and under 40 years of age.
Sawyer and Adams employed counsel
and both charged that Scott did the
killing of the five men with the ex
ception of Captain Rumill, who disap
peared before daybreak on Tuesday in
a manner of which they knew noth
ing.
Each said he saw Scott shoot the
mate on the lee side of the ship and
throw his body overboard. Then he
killed the engineer and went down the
companionway. Very soon they heard
shots below deck in the galley and a
short while thereafter Scott came up
again, bringing the body of the cook,
a small white man, in his arms, drop
ping his burden over the rail. They
afterward bound Scott and were steer
ing the vessel as best they could until
overhauled by the Blanche H. King.
Scott says all the seamen, four ne
groes, formed a conspiracy soon after
leaving Mobile, September 23, feeling
outraged because .of short rations. He
said he killed no one except Cokely,
the negro seaman found on deck, and
that he killed him in self-defense.
Cokely, he claimed, hit him With a
stick and shot at him while he was
bound. He attempted no explanation
of why he had been bound except that
his companions wanted to get rid of
him after the trouble. He said he saw
Cokely shoot the mate and saw Adams
kill the engineej. He does' not know
how the cook was Jellied, as the shoot
ing was below deck.
Scott is a mulatto and claims to be
a Britisn subject from St. Vincent
Island. All three negroes were held
without bail and are confined in the
Southport Jail for the Federal Court in
Wilmington in November. ,
SCHOOL PRINCIPAL RESIGNS.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 12.— Mrs. W. H.
Thoburri, principal of the Homer-ave
nue Grammar School, has handed in
her resignation on account of Ill
health. Mlsb Georgia Garrison has
been appointed to the principalshlp by
the Board of Trustees. Miss W. C.
Wheeler of San Jose was chosen to
fill the vacancy In the teaching force
caused by Miss Garrison's promotion.
NEW. OFFICERS ELECTED.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct.' 12. — The Younff
People's Society of the First Presby
terian Church of this city has elected
the following officers for the ensuing
year: Edgar Gardiner, president; Dr.
G. G. Vanderlip. vice president; Miss
May Dollar, secretary; • Miss Phoebe
Mackenzie, assistant secretary; Miss
Lou Foster, Miss Ida Col Well and
James T. Preston, executive committee.
MILK ANALYSIS PREPARED.
j PALO ALTO. Oct.: 12.— Professor R.
!-E. Swain of Stanford University has
I prepared an analysis :of samples of
1 milk from all the dairies near Palo
I Alto and his report will be given the
; local Board of Health at its next meet
| ing. Nine dairies are enumerated in
the report and none of them fell be
low, the legal ' Standard.
WOMEN TO BUILO CLUBHOUSE.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 12.— A very suc
cessful social was held last night at
the home of Major Perry by the local
Woman's Club, and a large addition to
the funds of the organization was real
ized. The Woman's Club is planning
to purchase a lot on which to build a
clubhouse.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
' Thursday, October 12.
Stmr Point Arena, Bucbard, 10 hours from
Santa Crux. -
' Bchr- Orient, Sanders, 10 daya from Gray's
Harbor.
Schr Irene. ' Mitchell, 12 days : from' Klawak '
Bchr Mabel. Gale, Kallenburj?, 7 days froni
Cclumbla River. <>,-; - \u25a0 . \u25a0 ; .
Schr Advent, Olsen, 4 days from Coos Bay
SAILED. \u25a0
Thursday, October 12.
Stmr Mandalay, Sanford, Crescent City.
- Schr Zampa, Koehler, Sanak via Unga. .-\u25a0'
REVISED SONG
BOOK ISSUED
New List of the Football
"Ditties" of the Stanford
University Is Published
DIRECTORY IS lON SALE
Statistics ' on Enrollment
and Standing of Students
Appear in the "Bawl Out"
Special Dlvpatch to Th* Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Odt 12 —
The annual issue of the Stanford Foot
ball Song Book appeared on the quad
for sale to-day and was eagerly sought
for by all. The demand was due to the
fact that the book contains a number
of new songs and yells which have
been added to the vocabulary of the
cardinal rooter. Besides the new addi
tions it was rumored that, the old tried
and true songs which: treated of
football heroes would be modernized
and the purchasers were,- not disap
pointed.
"After the Game," written by Larrey
Bowman '01. deals with the custom of
the winning team "serpentining" down
Market street after the game. As the
games have been discontinued in San
Francisco and will ' henceforth take
place on either the local or Berkeley
campus, the words have been altered
to fit. The names of California's coach,
Knibbs, and. several local characters of
Palo Alto have been used with freedom.
The new additions are "The Conquer
ing Cardinal," by Paul C. Edwards, the
song which took the first prize In the
last contest; "Berkeley's Finish," which
won, the second prize, by Jack- Sheehy
'06 and Arch Perrln '06; "The Serpent
ine Song," by P. C. Edwards and H. F.
Curran, and the piece . entitled "The
Loyal Stanford Men," by L. S. Levy '08.
In the yell column the prize yell by
E. A. Cunha '06 is the main addition.
The authorities of the university
have also put an annual pamphlet on
sale. This publication, "The Directory
of Officers and Students of the Leland
Stanford University," although not as
good a "seller" as the book of the Asso
ciated Students, is nevertheless the ob
ject of considerable curiosity and con
cern. In this pamphlet, nicknamed by
the student community "The Bawl Out,' 1
are the number of university credits
which each member of the university
has to his credit and the . number of
flunks to his discredit.
BANKERS FAVOR
SHIP SUBSIDIES
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— The American
Association of Bankers to-day put Itself
squarely on record as favoring : Govern
ment subsidies for the upbuilding "of the
American merchant marine. /Resolutions
reviewing the growth of American" com
merce and the decline in American ship
ping and pledging the association to throw
the weight of -its influence toward the
enactment of a ship-subsidy law were
presented by the executive council of the
association and adopted by a rising vote,
In which it was estimated that three
quarters of the delegates took the af
firmative^ side.
The reoort of the currency committee
was received, but no action taken \u25a0there
on. The reyort followed the suggestions
made yesterday by Secretary Shaw in his
address before the convention for an
emergency currency.
The enthusiasm of the day was vented
on the ship-subsidy proposition. The five
enacting clauses of the resolution are as
follows:
ResoJved. By the American Bankers' Asso
ciation assembled: First. That the members
of this association are deeply Interested In
any measure which wi'l promote the' Interest
of the whole country, commercially and..indus
trially, and especially, with reference to bur
foreign commerce.
Second, That we favor and most respectfully
urge the passage by Ctongress of some measure
to foster and encourage the upbuilding of our
merchant marine, and give us back the pres
tige upon the high eeas which we once en-
Joyed.
Third, That we favor the ship subsidy meas
ure which has received consideration by Con
gress, which, we think, would tend to re
store our flag upon the seas, and build up our
merchant marine to the extent that the neces
sities of our trade now and In the future may
demand. \u25a0 4
Fourth, That w« recommend that our Sena
tors- and Congressmen favor some Just and
equitable measure that will bring about th*
results and afford the relief above suggested.
Fifth, That through our legislative commit
tee we memorialize the Senate and the House
of Representatives of the United States with
a copy of these resolutions. . • ,
An interesting history of the Scotch
system of banking was presented to the
convention by Robert Blythe, general
manager Of the Union Bank of Scotland,
located at Glasgow. The first Scotch
bank was established in 1695. To-day
there are but ten , banks In Scotland,
seven doing nine-tenths of the business.
The chief characteristic of the Scotch
system is the right of. the banks to is
sue the .one-pound note, as the- result
of which- Scotland retains to-day her
paper currency almost to the exclusion of
metal currency, while thereverse is true
in England.
During the last half century there have
been but two bank failures in Scotland. .
1 The Currency Committee's report was
1 then presented. The report states that,
if some plan of currency reform could
be- aerced upon. Congress might be In
duced to take action. It was ffiven-as
! the opinion of the committee that such
legislation should provide that United
! States notes of legal tenders should be
retired if practicable. . Also that a suf-
I flcient. restrve fund should be set aside
in the United States Treasury to provide
for the redemption in gold of about $600,
000.000.-of silver outstanding; that the
Secretary of the Treasury, should have
discretionary power to deposit in .the
national banks such portion of the surplus
fund in excess: of $50,000,000, whether de
! rived from customs receipts or internal
revenue, as .he may deem proper to pre
vent absorption < of money by the treas
ury, such deposits to be guaranteed by
United I States I bonds jor pother securities
acceptable ; to the Secretary. [ \u0084•\u25a0.-..
It 1 further \u25a0 advocates an amendment or
repeal of the ' limitation of $3,000,000 : per
month upon the withdrawal of circulation
by national banks so ; that the limit
should be. either $6,000,000 or $10,000,000, or
to, abolish the limit, that expansion and'
contraction . might ; In a measure i become
automatic,-, allowing the Issuance in times
of financial stress of supplemental : cur
rency (along the lines suggested by Sec
retaTyJ Shaw.'SO. as , to "appear. Identical
with -.the. present national bank . notes,
but .heavily, taxed so as to secure its re
tirement; as', soon as stringent conditionsi
had passed ;' this currency not to ' appear,
as any new . form of " money,-; but * to be
guaranteed by the Grovernment, and banks
holding 50 per cent ; 6f their capital In
INVESTIGATING
CHILD'S DEATH
Sausalito Babe Is Believed
to Have Died Because of
Neglect of Its Parents
TINY BODY IS EXHUMED
Offer of Doctor to Treat In
fant Without Charge Is Re
fused by Father and Mother
Spocial Cable to Tba Call.
SAUSALITO, Oct. 12.— The body of Ma
rie Brazil, a two weeks old infant who
died Saturday and, was buried in Sausa>
lito cemetery last Monday without a
death certificate and a burial permit was
exhumed to-day to enable Justice Pryor,
acting Coroner, to hold- an Inquest. I>r.
Mays performed an autopsy and gave
gastritis as the cause of death.
Dr. R. B. Williams testified at the in
quest that he treated the child once and
prescribed for her. The child was yin a
critical condition. After treating the
child, Dr. Williams said. Braall the baby's
father sent for medicine several times
but refused to accept his services fur
ther even when offered for nothing.
The parents could not be found to-day
and as the jury insisted on their appear
ance the inquest was adjourned until
Monday when it is expected that the
parents will be present. It is evidently
the opinion of the jurymen that the child's
life could have been saved by proper
medical attendance.'
Albane Wray, Superintendent of the
Sausalito cemetery was arrested to-day
on a charge of violating the new State
birth and death registration law^ by per
mitting the interment of the Brazil child
without a burial permit and doctor's
death certificate. He deposited $50 cash
ball with Justice Pryor.
DOG CAUSES LAWSUIT.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 12.— Both L. G.
Rowe of San Francisco and Mrs. M.
Johnson of Palo Alto have laid claim
to a wandering dog, with the result
that a suit to determine the ownership
of the canine was brought before
Judge Thomas here yesterday. Mrs.
Johnson said she found the animal on
the university campus and believed it
was the one she lost in 1901. Rowe
said It was the dog he lost in Mountain
View in 1904. Judge Thomas awarded
the dog to Rowe.
TROUBLE AHEAD
FOR VENEZUELA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
?I CALL. . BUREAU,.. POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12. — Conferences
between Judge .Calhoun and Secretary
Root and betweenfSecretary Root and
French . Embassador Jusserand were
held to-day at the State Department.
Both, were upon the subject of difficul
ties between- the French Cable Com
pany and . Venezuela and the attitude
which would, or should, be assumed
by the United States In case France
decided to enforce the claims of her
cftizens.
The fact that Judge Calhoun has rec
ommended to the administration that
the United States allow France to pro
ceed to use forcible or other measures
to make good the claims of the Cable
Company is practically admitted in of
ficial circles.'. It is equally a fact that,
in some manner, news of this recom
mendation has been cabled back to
Venezuela and Is believed to be the
cause of the more conciliatory attitude
assumed by President Castro within
the last two days.
None of the parties to the conference
to-day would admit that anything had
been done In the premises, .but it is
known that France is anxious to have
the United States take parallel action,
based upon the claims of the New York
and BermudeZ Company and that M.
Jusserand had been informed that the
United States' would not unite with
France or any other country in action
against Venezuela.
Secretary Root is following the prin
ciple laid down first by President
Roosevelt in his message to Congress
of December 3, 1901, and emphasized
by Secretary Hay in the memorandum
which he sent to Embassador Holleben
of Germany on December 16 of that
year. In this he said:
"The Monroe doctrine does not guar
antee any State' against punishment if
It misconducts Itself, provided that
punishment, does not take the form ot
acquisition of territory by any non-
American power."
FATAL ACCIDENT
CAUSED BY AUTO
San Kesponsible
for Death of a Man Near
SALINAS, Oct. 12.— James Mansfield
of Gorda Is dead as the result of an
automobile accident. Last night a par
ty of ai»t6iriobilist3 from San Francisco
on the way south' stopped at King City
for repairs. On leaving the town they
mistook the road- and went up Pine
Canyon. Discovering their mistake they
turned and. when near the junction of
Pine Canyon and Jolon roads, met a
team driven by Mansfield. The horses
became, frightened and ran away.
Mansfield was thrown to the ground,
where he lay unconscious all night. He
was discovered this morning, still un
conscious, and taken to the nearest
house, where he died. Physicians say
his skull was fractured. Officers have a
clew to the automobilists, who did not
stop, and have telegraphed ahead to
Stop them and place them under arrest
TALKS ABOUT SUFFRAGE.
\u25a0\u25a0 w _ \u25a0 * 1 _ • - - _ \u25a0 -
PALO ALTO, 1 Oct 12.— Mrs. M. Sev
erance of San Jose addressed the Po
litical Equality Club of Palo Alto this
afternoon. In an interesting manner
she | handled the j subject, "Equal Suf
frage Essential to Peace." :
Government bonds to be permitted to
issue the supplemental currency in limited
amounts. " -\u0084. \u0084
The committee questioned- whether the
time had come to depart from the present
system of national bank circulation. \u25a0 The
present output of $1,000,000 of gold dally
is regarded ' as alleviating the monetary
situation and in a measure lessening the
demand : for \u25a0\u25a0 additional circulation. :No
action was taken on the report by the
convention. ;; -. ,
PRISON LABOR
IN SANTA CLARA
Supervisors Prepare to uti
lize Men Who W Serving
Terms for Siiill Crimes
\
WILL EEPAIK TIE EOADS
Branch Jail Is Ejected at
Quarry for Accommodation
of the Wards of the County
SAN JOSE, Oct. 12. — Sana Clara
County began crushing ro-k with
prison labor this morning at tfe quarry
on the Stanford estate, a fey - miles
south of iiayfleld. This rockiwill be
used for road purposes. A bnteh jail
has been erected at the quarry, which
has been leased by the Supervisors,
with accommodations for tweny-four
men. The jail includes sleeping boms,
a dining-room and a kitchen. \ '
Sheriff Ross and Deputy Sherifrcot
tle took a. gang of twelve men to the
quarry this morning. These men ire
serving. sentences of varying length,
mostly for vagrancy, and they will Ye
kept there until their terms expu>.
Next week twelve more men will be ptf
to work in the quarry. The Supervisor
propose to keep from fifteen to twenty
prisoners at work there all the time. \
The matter of securing suitable rock
for the roads in the vicinity- of May
field has been a difilcult one for years,
but with a rock crusher in operation
in this district it is believed the prob
lem has been solved. A. C. Mclnnes of
New Almaden is. in charge of the
branch jail, with Eugene Ammon of
this city as deputy.
TOKIO GREETS
ADMIRAL NOEL
TOKIO. Oct. 12.— Vice Admiral Sir
Henry Gerald Noel, commanding the
British squadron now at Yokohama, ac
companied by a numerous suite, ar
rived here this morning .by a special
train from Yokohama and was leceived
at the railroad station by a large num
ber of officials. After an exchange of
greetings the British admiral and his
party entered Imperial carriages and
were driven through the streets, lined
by thousands, to Hlbl3"a Park, where
the Mayor of Tokio gave a garden
party in honor of the distinguished
visitors.
The special train with Admiral Noel
and his staff captains arrived at the
station at 11 o clock. They were met
by distinguished officers of the havy
and army and others, who were drawn
up in line on the platform. Those pres
ent included Marquis Ito, president of
the Privy Council, and the Cabinet
Ministers.
After an exchange of greetings Ad
miral .Noel and his party entered Im
perial carriages arid were driven to
Hibiya Park, through streets lined by
cheering thousands. The admiral bowed
right and left in reply to the ovations
until the entrance of Hibiya Park was
reached. There was a magnificent tri
umphal arch \u25a0with, . "Welcome" em
blazoned with yellow chrysanthemums
on a green background. The park was
packed with the guests who had been
Invited to attend the Mayor's garden
party.
The programme to-day Included fire
works, fencing, jiu Jltsu and wrestling.
Many bands played continuously dur
ing the entire exercises.
Prior to "the commencement of the
programme, the Mayor delivered a
Hpeech of welcome. He said he was
honored and delighted to receive an ad
miral of a navy with such a brilliant
history and .belonging to a country
which Japan was proud to ; caM her
ally In guarding the peace of the
Orient. The Mayor added that he re
gretted that Toklo was unable more
adequately to express the sincerity of
Japan's welcome. Admiral Noel re
plied briefly.
During the day about 1000 British
sailors and marines arrived here and
were treated with the greatest friend
ship. While some of them remained,
in the park to watcn the trials of
strength and skill, others, attended by
guides and interpreters, walked or
drove through the streets and enjoyed
themselves in sightseeing. The pres
ence of a British sailor meant . open
sesame everywhere. The t streetcars
were free to them and special discounts
were allowed them wherever possible.
The whole population of Tqklo. Irre
spective of age or sex, turned out -to
greet the visitors. Such a welcome 'to
foreign visitors and such happy crowds
had never been seen In Toklo.
A dinner, attended by 100 British of
ficers, was given at the Maple Club to
night. The dinner, which was served
by Japanese girls . daintily costumed,
was followed by 'an Informal dance.
The town to-night is brilliantly Illu
minated.
STRICKEX "WITH PARALYSIS
WHILE AT HUXTIXG PARK
Earl Spencer, Liberal Leader In the
House of Lords, la Crlt
' lenity 111.
LONDON. Oct 12.— Earl Spencer was
stricken with paralysis to-day while
at his shooting box at Faxenharn. Nor
folk. He was still unconscious as thi3
dispatch was filed.
John Poyntz Spencer, fifth Earl Spen
cer, is the Liberal leader In the House
of Lords.
;'-'•'>/; loss of their girlish forma
All of this»can be avoided
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before bab^r comes, as thh
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
thi* critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessin^
Thousand* "gratefully tell of tEe benefit aid reliefs derived from thi
use of this wonderful \K
book, telling all about *^^« : *' "tf
thi* liniment, will bo sent free. JS^jkj-l j? Jgo-» ; ' "' it?
FAILS TO TRIP
NAVAL EXPERT
Young Court-Martial Admits
Bartletfs Testimony De
spite Evans' Objections
STANDS A EIGID TEST
Defense Loses Point Wher
Officers Eecognize the Evi
dence of Chief Witnes.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
VALLEJO. Oct. 12.— At to-day's ses
sion of the court martial of Commander
Lucien Young of the Bennlngton lieuten
ant Commander Bartlett was upon tlia
witness stand all day. For mor* than
two hours he was rigidly cross^Trnrn
incd by Naval Constructor Evans with
out being tangled. The passages were
sharp anil many of the members of tho
court who have varied ttie dreary routine
of the proceedings by reading newspa
pers during: the court's session, sat up
and listened.
At the morning session Bartlett told of
his services as the senior member of the
board of Inquiry that convened at B»n
Diego shortly after the explosion an-r
his testimony covered a great deal ft
matter with which the public is alrea 1
familiar. He said that a plate 6xS inch
bad been taken for the collapsed fu
t Dace and drilled in order to determii
•the character of the material compos
ing the plate. The drilling showed that
*9 steel was of a good quality. These
I Killings were forwarded to the Navy De-
I pirtment.
Ifpon a direct question from Judge j
Advocate Weat Bartlett stated that ha "«
had never known of a crown sheet t > \
collapse from overheating. Bartlett sa.-i :
that b» had quallfleU as an expert by
servltg six years as an instructor at the
Naval Academy. West asked Bartlett a
number <»f general hypothetical questions
attempting to secure from him a state
ment that the pressure exceeded the
safety liiaiX of 145 pounds. The defense ob
jected strongly to this line of questions,
but after thirty minutes deliberation the
objections were not sustained and the an-
I swer which the defense had striven with
all its might to keep out was admitted.
! Bartlett could not state how much over
j H5 pounds the pressure had reached, as
steam rises Tery rapidly after
that point. •
Bartlett was still on the stand at the
close of the day's session, and will likely
finish up to-morrow morning. Just pre
vious to adjournment Evans asked Bart
lett it' he considered himself an expert
on material and Bartlett responded th;
he did. Evans came back quickly am
[asked the witness !f he is an expert on
the testing of material. Bartlett replied
no. This answer brought Evans to Ms
feet In a minute with a demand that all
of Bartletfs testimony be stricken out.
It was the climax oX the day's lung cross
examination and a .bold effort, but the'
board refused to alluXv it. i
It is expected that* Ensign Wade, wh > <\
will be the star witness, will be placed,]
on the stand this morning.
GOOD TE3IPLAKS HOLD
MEJIOKIAL SERVICES
Deceased Members of Grand
Lodge of California Are
.Remembered.
Special Dispatch v* Tba Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 12. — The California
Grand .Lodge of Good Templars at the
opening of its session this morning
took up the report of the committee on
obituaries. Past Grand Secretary F. A.
Anthony of Livermore \u0084 spoke of the
lives and characters -*of th« eight
deceased members of the Grac^f Lodge.
Memorial services followed. Tt»« lodge
decided to employ Captain W. C. Dut
ton and Mrs. J. C. Stone as lecturer* tor
the ensuing year. .;•-''
Former Grand Secretary and Mrs. B*.
A. Anthony were presented with a
beautiful set of silver knives and forks.
The reports of the various committees
were then taken up. This evening
there was a competitive drill by subor
dinate lodge degree teams. *
COLORED METHODISTS OP THIS
STATE AND OREGON .MEETING
Forty Delegates In Attendance at tho
Sesaiona .Vow Being Held In
the Garden City.
SAN JOSE." Oct. jlS^Tho thirty
eighth annual session of. the California
and Oregon confererfce of the African
Methodist Episcopal. Zion. Church is be
ing held in this city.;' Bishop J. S. Cald
well is presiding. About forty dele
gates are in attendance. The confer
ence will continue the balance of tho
week. Membefis of 'the local African
Methodist Episcopal Church are provid
ing entertainment for the delegates.
INJURED MAN RECEIVES
A NEW SET OF EYELIDS
• COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 12.— A re-,
raarkable operation has been performed
at Mount Carmel Hospital by which W.
10 Kerr. who had been disfigu^.i in an,
explosion, has been given a new set of
lower • eyelids. An examination made
to-day for the first time since the work
was done shows that it will be entirely
successful.
Married In Garden City.
SAX JOSE, Oct. 12.— Herman N.
Archer and Laura Freudenberg, both of
San Francisco, were married by Justice
Benson tb is afternoon. AXter the cere
mony a wedding feast was enjoyed.
After a short honeymoon Mr. and Mra.
Archer win return to San Francisco.DECIDES POLICE
COURT'S POWER
Supreme Tribunal Holds
Misdemeanors Under Code
Out of Their Jurisdiction
OTIS WINS HIS SUIT
Los Angeles Newspaper Man
Not Gruilty of Contempt
of Southern Grand Jury
The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down an important decision in the case
of D. H. Robert vs. the Police Courts of
San Francieco and Judge A- J. Fritz.
The case is founded on the criminal
ilbel action brought by Assessor Wash
ington Dodge against Robert in Judge
Fritz's Police Court. Robert petitioned
to the Sbpreme Court, claiming that
tht. Police Court had no jursidotion.
In supporting the contention of Ro
bert the Supreme Court states that the
Police Courts have no jurisdiction to
try any misdemeanor which is made a
misdemeanor by the Political Code of
the State. Its only right to try mis
demeanors is the right to try those
made such by a municipal ordinance.
General Harrison Gray Otia, editor
of the Ix>s Angeles Times, won hie ao
tlon against the Superior Court of the
county of lx>s Angeles before the Su
preme Court yesterday afternoon. Otis
end an employe, Chandler, were con
victed of contempt of the Los Angeles
Grand Jury because of certain articles
appearing in the Times. The Supreme
Court held that while every court had
the exclusive right to determine what
was contempt before It and while there
was contempt, yet the affidavits failed
to connect Otis and Chandler with the
offense.
MOMMEVT TO THE MEMORY
OF CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS
Pnehlo'n Bronze Runt of the Famous
Discoverer Unveiled by
Italian Societies.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 12. — At 11:30
o'clock to-day the veil was drawn
aside from what is claimed to be the
second monument In th* United States
erected to the memory of Christopher
Columbus. The unveiling was by Miss
Lena Chiarigllone, daughter of the
president of the United Italian Socie
ties.
The monument is a beautiful bronze
bust of the famous discoverer, standing
about twelve feet high, and is located
immediately in front of the Carnegie
Library building. The funds for build
ing the monument were contributed by
nil the the Italian societies in the coun
try.
RATIONAL TREATMENT
Stomach Diseases
' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 : '.\u25a0...
means:
Discard Injurious Drugs
USE
A Harmless, Powerful Germicide
Endorsed ty Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postage
on Free Trial Bottle. Sold by leading
dri^gists.
\Jr J ftv^4 — if r— -jl
0
6io Prince St., New York.
Wiutefo* Free Bootarr o»< Rational Tmatxekt
OF DIBEASE.
S EYE FITTING
V^£?^\w \ilr^» Should not be grurss
\v?^£^»' *jf] work. Established
V^JPfcTV bY// ISB6. Nineteen years'
V\ X./I experience.
\ X See the point.
jO* '\A Artificial Em and
Hrnrlnc Apparatas.
105 MONTGOMERY ST.
£NEAR SUTTER OPR OCCIDENTAL HOTEL
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES
HH MEH'S DISEASES
ti^^^CT^ We especially solicit
p*i£niJ!||>J those^ cases of "\u25a0Weak-
s*/£§?*£&£s <sroc'ele. Stricture.' Con-
lZ~$&&tjf ; &l tractftd Disorders, Spe-
'^^^99SvK clflc Bloo< i Poison. Piles.
|fj tt | T -'[ y / < jfeisl Rupture, Rheumatism.
HU. lAUUIG Lo*s of Vigor. Catarrh,
STAFF. etc., that have been un-
1023 Mar- successfully treated by
Icet St. other specialists. Our
Pioneer Mea'a methods of treatment
Specialist. are different, and by
curing stubborn and difficult cases have
won reputation from the Atlantic to the
Pacinc as leading specialists In men's
diseases, and have built up the largest
practice of Its kind on the entire Paclflo
Coast, from Alaska to Mexico.
Keea are falri cares are permanent,
and you can pay It cared. Entrance
private. Building: only used br 0.
FIRST SPECIALISTS 30 VEAUS IX S. K.
See free museum to-day. Hear free
lecture to-night and learn who should
marry, \u25a0vrho not. and why. Call or write.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF
1023 Market Street. Bth Bide, above Cth.
/Cv.sit DR. JORDAN'S great!
jtaUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
. 1 rT^ 1911 XIELEI ST. kt. t:i*:th.S.F.C*L , ;
( " $&Z£s& <^l '--»•\u2666 l»«tH»<-!» tnrnl hi tie ditU tf
i > '*"' I>p««j^U: «v the Cc- rt. EM. M /<«.**\u25a0 0
A £££*& CB. JO3OAK-Z!SEASES OF MEH i
\ V <^-v^J Cjnnltatiaß fr»» srd tatietlr pri»s!» \
/ I nbf f Tr»»tci«ft ptna'MVj or br Inter. A A
til \ lit '• wri«« tat Book, rnii.o*apn««i 1
T { II w*i»m*t;i-:. 'iMuat iEkx 'i v
Jl J} 1 ».v.tle Lock ft.- SE«.s.)
9 l>K.jnnOA>"A CO.. iOslT«r»T*<»tNt.. &!•.." I
MEHAHDWOWEII.
f/^r'jp^CVVZ.'i.'^Si Cs* BigGfortjnc»tcnu
StOfAyiM 1 1« t d&n. v £4 cucharf «i t lnfiawnii.tloLi,
/"jl*y>V oc»'aitr»4 \| lrriUtloot or clr«m.ticßl
fj'tJife «• «trtou>re. jf aaccss Dj*o»tjran««.
ff>~- ' I ivmou Camrw^t-m. Pkiniera, &nd not aitrUF
BCS" .Tig£T*>lsCKE»gAlCB. g»at or polsoßoßt.
vJH?V t^b.A. j*&*T «f « e ct in pi**") wup»»»,
Vg^^K^m i 1.00.» i twttlM (3.7 ft.
*• cur.-s.ltt ««at ob naotii
><^^ Dn Gibbon's Dispensary,
/f j^ 6*29 KCAKSt ST. lUttWlshwJ
/-j^b^SrH ; ,, i*s4 fortbe trc»:m»-iit 'if I'rfvaf
Sa^**-^BS' DtmtnlMl I^>«t MaiuwMttf. Debility or
raCTtSKCftrti^M* wearlri)rc.ii MyaM nnini»:»l
2C^atF*-W'.n JJi»«-nse*. Xl>e Doctor cure? niirn
I»H. Try hiiu. «;li«>k»-* low.
-"'""' f< '' 1 ' CUlorwrt*
Br. J. V- tiIBBOS, Baa Fr»r-d»co. CsO.
FEMALE PRISONER
FINDS GREAT FUN
IN POLICE COURT
Laughs at Judge's Quips and Her
Veil Irritates His Nerves.
Unable to Repress Her Mirth, She
Hoists Her Face Curtain.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
Miss Florence St. CUir, blue-gowned
and patent-leather batted, giggled behind
a rather opaque white veil until Police
Judge Cabaniss gave her the alternative
of curbing her hilarity or removing the
face cloak.
"AVhy?" she tittered.
"Because the fluttering and bellying
and sagging of thai gauze fabric each
time you laugh in wearing on the nerves
of the beholder," was the answer.
"Oh, dear; I might as well take it oft."
she «aid. raising the curtain and exposing
a countenance whose age-lines had not
been entirely routed by derma tological
art. "It's useless to expect me to keep
a straight face while you go on saying
them things," she added by way of ex
planation.
She did maintain facial placidity, how
ever, until Policeman Dunham testified
he arrested her on Eddy street and the
Judge asked him If he had said Easy
street and then she fairly guffawed.
'"There you go again." she spluttered.
"Easy street: Ha. ha! The lde-ah!
You'll be the death of me if you don't let
up! Oh. dear: Eddy street an easy
street! Oh, I'll die— l know I shall! Ha,
ha, ha!"
She was dancing upon a sidewalk, the
policeman resumed, and when he com
manded her to desist she said he was
jealous because he could not dance aa
well as she did.
"Did I say that?" she almost screamed,
holding her sides. "Oh, dear! Ha. ha!
I've read of the funny things in these
p'llce courts, but I thought the papers
were jist joshing!" ' % y, '~
When she had recovered from the par
oxysm and gingerly swabbed up the
streaming eye-moisture from her pink
cheeks his Honor dismissed her with
the reprimand usually bestowed upon a
first offender. .•: T
Chronic impecunioslty and an inappeas
able craving for beer are the most in
fluential handicaps of John Johnson's
life, and on two known occasions they
combined to provoke him to commit petty
larceny by stealing a bottle of the foamy
beverage.
The first time Mr. Johnson was arrested
his plea of poverty won for him dis
missal and a warning *by Judge Fritz,
and the second time he was placed before
the same bench with a different occu
pant, for Judge Cabaniss was tempor
arily acting for his brother magistrate,
indisposed. Another acquittal might have
rewarded a repetition of the poverty
plea., for the Judge did not know the de
fendant and was leniently inclined, but,
instead of taking advantage of the situa
tion, Mr. Johnson indiscreetly asked for
and was granted a continuance of the
case until to-day, when Judge Fritz will
be Ln his wonted seat and with a most
remarkable memory for faces unimpaired
by his brief indisposition.
.When a bailiff whlsperingly elucidated
to Mr. Johnson the blunder he had made,
he frantically endeavored to get his case
reopened and disposed of right there and
then, but the effort was futile.
"It'll be at least thirty days for you,"
murmured the officer.'
"And thirty years 'd be no more'n I
dererve for my blasted foolishness," was
Mr. Johnson's response, delivered In bit
ter tone.
It was Mrs. B. Henzbrun's semi
monthly afternoon to receive callers at
her home, 7% Bykana place, and
among: those who dropped in and
sipped tea and nibbled cake and gos
sfped was Mrs. Louise Bower. So de
lightfud was Mrs. Bower's small talk
that the hoßtess prevailed on her to
outstay all the other visitors, and
when Mrs. Henzbrun interrupted a
charming tete-a-tete to adjourn to the
commissary department and replenish
the refreshment tray, she returned, to
be both surprised- and dismayed by
Mrs. Bower's eagerness to depart.
"Why, who ever heard of such a
thing?" said Mrs. Henzbrun. "Sit right
down again, my dear, and have another
cup of tea. You must finish what you
started to tell me about Mrs. Whatser
name. I always did think that woman
wasn't what" — \u25a0
"But really, I must go," Mrs. Bower
insisted. "It's so late now that I'll
never be able to get dinner ready in
time for" — v r
"I won't hear of your going," Mrs.
Henzbrun declared. "As I was saying,
that Mrs. Whatser" —
"You must come -and see me — first
and third Tuesdays, you know," was
Mrs. Bower's response, and her tone In
dicated it was final. .So with a sigh
of regret Mrs. Henzbrvfn allowed her to
go forth.
A few minutes afterward Mrs. Henz
brun missed a $10 gold coin from her
purse, which Mrs. Bower had free op
portunity to rifle while the tray was
being replenished, and that was how
Mrs. Bower came to be accused of lar
ceny by Mrs. Henzbrun. Judge Mogan
continued the hearing till next Monday.
A few days of enforced confinement
and deprivation of opium filled the soul
of Quong Tung with a great pity for
his incarcerated fellow slaves of the
poppy juice, and •he resolved that he
would celebrate his restoration to free
dom by endeavoring to smuggle to
them a quantity of the solacing drug.
So when he was pronounced not guilty
of the charge of having attempted to
burglarize the I. Goldman, residence, on
McAllister street, he hastened to
Chinatown, procured . several pasty
"pills," returned to the City Prison and
was surreptitiously trying to transfer
iTHE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ OCTOBER 13, 1905.
them to the keeping: of Ah Sing, await
ing trial for j murder, when an argus
eyed jailer detected him in the act and
promptly locked him up.
Quong Tung, the jailer and the opium
were placed before Judge Mogan, who
continued the case until to-morrow.
Pursuant to the rules and regula
tions promulgated by the ' Barbers'
Union for the mutual convenience of
its members and the public. L. E. Mar
tin (colortd), whose gayly striped pole
projects from the sidewalk fronting
2503 J.& Greenwich street, was closing,
his shop at S o'clock p. m., when Wil
liam J. Kennedy, a private soldier from
the Presidio, abruptly appeared and
demanded that he be shaved.
"Kaln't do It en retain man good
standln' In de union." Mr. Martin ex
plained... *
"Yer union ain't nuthin' ter me,"
quoth Private Kennedy. "I've got to
be shaved right now 'cause I'm a-goin'
t' walk with a young woman what
won't hey nuthin' t' do with whiskers.
So j'ou'd better open up an' git t'
work 'cause I don't want t' keep her
a-waitln' fer me."
"But de union, sah, hez suthln' teh
do wif me," the tonsor retorted. "Ef
Ah'd git expelled fo' scrapin' yo' 'face
de whole 'Kited Stets ahmy couldn't
git me restohe"d back ag'ln." \u25a0
Finding that suasion was useless
Private Kennedy endeavored to bribe,
but Mr. Martin stood firmly by his re
fusal. "Et kaln't be did," he declared.
"Yo' pay fo' a whole yeah wouldn't
'duce me teh totch yo' face wif no raz
zah dis yah night." Then the soldier
requested permission to shave himself
with Mr. Martin's implements, but that
overture, too, was rejected. i "It ain't
alone de act ob shavin' aftah 8 p. m.
Dat de union objecks to," he said, 'but
de use ob de tools as well. "No, sah,
yo' kaln't hey jo chin cleaned In dls
yah shop dls yah night undah no suc
cumstances whatsumdevvah."
Further argument was exchanged ere
the soldier battered the barber and
broke the window and was arrested for
so doing. Asked by Judge Cabaniss if
the battery was serious. Mr. Martin re-
plied, "No, sah;. he hit obah de tem
pohal region wif his fist," signifying
the .spot that had. been smitten by
placing the point of an index finger
on his left temple. When he expressed
willingness :to withdraw the battery
accusation if the defendant would pay
for the broken window the suggestion
was promptly acceded to and thus was
the case disposed of. <»-
A jury in Judge Mogan's court ac
quitted "Dr." Wung Woo of.tha charge
of having practiced medicine without
being duly certificated to do so by the
State Board of Medical Examiners, by
whose instrumentality he had been ar
rested. ;
The prosecuting evidence consisted of
a circular. issued by the defendant, in
which he announced himself as a phy
sician and surgeon and claimed ability
to knock out, almost any ailment that
human ilesh .la heir to. Moreover, a
female "spotter" employed by the board
testified that when she visited the de
fendant's office, 794" Clay • street, and
falsely represented to him that she was
suffering from an affection of the
throat, he opened her mouth, peered
long and Intently into the orifice and
then sold t<j her for $1 a bottle of .herb
brew, which, he assured her, would
quickly effect a cure. This lady in
formed the court that her name is Mrs.
N. Westren and that she lives at 827 A
Alabama street and- It was Informally
disclosed that she is. a divorcee and
alternates tolling in a candy factory
with "spotting" for the Medical Board,
her reward for the 'latter service being
B0 per cent of any fine imposed through
her agency. i
; The defense emphasized the fact that
Wung Woo could .not have ob
tained a certificate to .practice medi
cine If he had so' desired, because of J
his nationality;- that his skill in mcdl- i
cine is a great boon to the Chinese peo- 1
pie of-San Francisco: that many Oau- !
caslans aro ; practicing medicine in "this i
city who should not be permitted to do ;
so by the. board and that the board does J
not make strenuous effort to suppress i
them.. . '''I'i-y'^ r r I
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE PEOPLE
. LEASE FORMER SYNAGOGUE
j Sherman A Clay Hnll Proves Too Small
: . for the Rnpld Growth of "\u25a0 I
\u25a0 -^ .' C; Their Church. j
j The members of the'Chrlstian Science i
i Church held a meeting 'Wednesday j
! night and decided to ratify the action !
of the board of directors In leasing the .
| old synagogue, corner, of Post and Tay- ]
lor streets. This is the first church !
structure the . Christian Science people •
i have had In this city. . It .will be used j
until the erection of their new church, J
pn the corner of Sacramento and Scott j
streets."'-- V" .. ;
All< their meetings, in the past have !
been .held in Sherman & Clay Hall, but
owing to the large growth of the or
ganization In this 'city' the hall can no
longer; accommodate it and it i 3
obllred to s**k new quarters.
THOMAS TELLS
ABOUT WRIGHT
Testifies ; That Moonshiner
Case Led to Inspection;
of Defendant's Accounts
LYNCH REPAYS MONEY
Internal Revenue Agent
Describes How He Found
Papers in Deputy's Desk
United States Internal Revenue Agent
Thomas occupied the witness stand yes
terday In i the United States District
Court, testifying in the case of the
United States vs. George A. Wright. He
told how \u25a0 he came to light upon the fact
that certain offers of compromise had
been withheld by' the defendant and not
forwarded to Washington. It appeared
that A. H. Shooshan, a "moonshiner" of
Fresno, informed Mr. Thomas in Octo
ber, 1904, that he had paid $3i2 into the
internal revenue office in t~«s city. The
witness asked Wright whether he had
received the money and'' 'he replied
promptly that he had.
Thomas made a demand upon Wright
then and there for the money and
Wright turned over $50 that he had in
the safe. Then Thomas began an in
vestigation and found twenty-nine offers
of compromise in a drawer of Wright's
desk, among them one' from William
Wolf of this city, offering $1667 as revenue
tax on a lot of whisky rejmported from
Manila. Mr. Thomas further testified
that on November 3, 1904, Internal Rev
enue Collector John C. Lynch* paid into
| the treasury $4252 to make up the short
! age. J
Mr. Thomas will be cross-examined this
morning by Samuel M. • Shortridge and
Bert Schlesinger, counsel for the defense.
Assistant United States Attorney A. P.
Black said yesterday that the case was
being prosecuted under Section 5497, Re
vised Statutes, which impose a penalty
upon any United States officer for em
bezzling money, whether the property of
the Government or of any other party or
person.
BOAED OF WORKS
IS ANGEY AGAIN
Objects to the Control of-
Funds Being Taken
From It.
The Commissioners of Works are up in
aims over the action of the Board of
Supervisors in taking away from them
the control of the appropriations for pub
lic improvements in the municipal budget
of the present fiscal year. The matter was
Informally discussed by the Commission
ers yesterday and will be taken up at
next Wednesday's session.
Among the appropriations is one of
$6000 for the repair of the Fourth and
Sixth street bridges. The . Supervisors
recently adopted a resolution authorizing
the Board of Works to expend $1000 of
the appropriation to repair the .bridges,
with the intention of dealing out the
money in six installments. The Board of
Works holds that the repairing cannot
be done piecemeal and that the entire
$6000 * is' inadequate' for the purpose. It
was pointed out "during the discussion
that the Fourth-street -bridge needs new
boilers and that both bridges are in need
of painting to prevent corrosion. '
Just what the Board of Works intends
to do in the matter was not decided at
yeatdrday's conference, but its action will
probably take the form of a resolution
notifying the Board of Supervisors that
the repairs to the Fourth and Sixth street
bridges cannot be properly made on the
installment plan and that the entire
amount appropriated must be made avail
able so that a contract can be awarded.
Lomax £3.50 Hlich-Grade Shoe* for Men.
Unsurpassed for style, fit and wearing 1 qual
ities. Lomax superior shoes. It! Fourth at. •
CITIZENS MAKE REPORTS
OF LOSSES TO POLICE
Burglars and Sneak Thieves Continue
to Ply Their Vocation Through
out the Clt >-.
John P. Sullivan reported to the po
lice yesterday that his room at 286
Stevenson street had been entered by
opening the door which had been left
unlocked, and a purse containing $12
and a bill of sale for a half-interest
In the house stolen. ;,-.*'
P. S. Barman. 453 Bartlett street, re
ported that his house had been entered
by the rear dining-room window and
a dollar and a gold-plated watch
stolen.
Thomas F. Healy, \u25a0 plumber, 1146
Florida street, reported that a shot
gun valued at $30 had been stolen
from his shop. ;".'--".'•\u25a0
Charles A. Smith, mate of the
schooner Zampar, lying at Beale-street
wharf, reported .that a shotgun was
stolen from the vessel by four boy 3
on Wednesday afternoon. They were
seen running:, away. •
T. J. .Mizuno, a Japanese living at
514 Montgomery street, reported that
while he was standing, among a crowd
at Pine and Kearny streets on Wednes
day night listening to a political
speech his gold watch, valued at $35,
was taken from his vest pocket
§§|sl Strictly a Family Beverage
,#^^lSlL **Kin^ (w^4|9^\ Beers"
" 130,388,520 Bottles of Budweiser
|gjatfgg^^gjgg|j More than three-fifths of this amount used in the
homes. This fact marks the decline of strong
%^"^w^^S alcoholic drinks, and is the greatest step in the
fff?~^M|^%p direction of true temperance.
W^^^^^^i Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
: pkw**^ <atf^**y^^2s St» Louis, U» S« A.
Tillmazm & Bendel, Distributors, San Francisco, Cal. {
Corked or Tin Capped -, ... - . . \u25a0\u25a0'.'-
NAGLES FACE
GRAVE CHARGE
Stand' Accused of \ Sharp
i Practice in Effort to Pass
Claim Against an Estate
COFEEY IS /SARCASTIC
Says His Imagination Cannot
Lead Him to Appreciate
the Position of Executor
In an effort to gather together the
fragments of the estate of the late
Elizabeth Boyne the Rev. Fathers P.
C. Yorke, Wyman and Caraher, named
as devisees in the will of the deceased,
petitioned the Superior Court for the
removal of James L. Nagle as executor
thereof. The petition tor Nagle's re
moval has brought to light facts that
promise to develop into a scandal.
The charge is made that Executor
Nagle and his brother, Charles "> G.
Nagle, sought by means not recognized
by the code to pass a claim against the
estate' for a sum much greater than,
it is alleged, is due them, the accused
attorneys having resource to the sub
terfuge of assignment, made first" to
their father, .P. B. Nagle, and subse
quently to other persons. The facts of
the case, as outlined before Judge Cof
fey yesterday, are as follows:
ASSIGMIESTS FIGURE.
. Elizabeth, lioyne, who died on August
2, left an estate of $5000. Some time
before, her death she secured the ser
vices of Nagle & Nagle, attorneys, to
look after her affairs. Taeir compen
sation for services performed and to
be performed was $2500, secured by a
mortgage, bearing interest at the rate
of 10 per cent annually and due two
years alter date. This business was
transacted in February, 1902. Men
tioned In the woman's will were several
beneficiaries, who were left small sums.
Among them were Fathers Wyman,
Yorke and Caraher.
James L. Nagle was named as execu
tor of the will. On September 10 the
will was admitted to probate, but two
days previous to this James L. and
Charles G. Nagle, the latter acting; as
attorney for the former, made an as
signment of their $2500 claim to their
father, P. B. Nagle. When P. B. Nagle's
claim was presented before Judge Cook
of the Superior Court it was approved.
A petition was subsequently filed by
the three clergymen to set aside the al
lowance of P. B. Nagle's claim and It
was granted. The father and two sons
then made an assignment to Thomas
Moran of Oakland, a client of the
Nagles, to secure a- promissory \u25a0 note
of $1500. Then Moran made an assign
ment to a Dr. H. J. Conrad of this city,
who is also "said to be a client, of the
Nagles. P. B. Nagle Jr., who Is at
torney for Conrad, next filed a com
plaint to foreclose the mortgage in the
name of Julian Pinto.
JUDGE COFFEY SARCASTIC.
After these facts became known, At
torney Humphrey of the firm of Lent
& Humphrey made further Investiga
tions, and, so he announced in court
yesterday, discovered that the claim al
lowed for funeral expenses and passed
by the executor was $111 more than
the undertaker's bill called for. /Then
a demand was made that James L.
Nagle resign as executor. _
VI will not resign," said James Xagle
yesterday, addressing ; Judge' Coftey.
"Your Honor can understand my posi
tion in this case as a lawyer and If neo
essary an appeal to .the Supreme
Court — "
"No, I cannot understand your posi
tion In this case, nor can I appreciate
It as a lawyer," answered Judge Coffey
sarcastically. "My Imagination is not
sufficiently nourished ' for the ordeal.
And in announcing a desire to appeal
something to the Supreme Court you
seem to anticipate the decision of this
court, and sometimes anticipations are
realized." >.';\u25a0
Nagle made no response and the
court ordered the petition for the re
moval of the executor under submis
sion.
SEXD FOR THEM.
Bring the Home Foils* West While
»,. Rate* Are Low.
You'to been thinking about It a lon* time.
Don't wait any longer. Rates are. low now
Ironi the East to California. Th« Santa Fe
will telegraph the ticket and see that your
folks get special attention. Th« conductor will
look after them all the way to California.
$50 from New York.
$33 from Chicago. -J. ...
• $25 from Kansas City. ' Low rates also from
other places. Write for them to F. W. Prince,
City Ticket Afcent. Santa F« Railway. 633
Market street. San Francisco. - .-.*.\u25a0•>\u25a0
Dr. Hemphill la Cited.
In all probability the will of Lizzie
J. Hemphill, deceased wife of the Rev.
John Hemphlll, will be filed for pro
bate this morning. A citation was
issued yesterday directing Dr. Hemp
hill to show cause this morning be
fore Judge Coffey why the petition 01
Mary A* Danlell, daughter of the de
ceased, for partial distribution of the
estate should not be granted. The
filing of the will. It is said, will .be the
answer. to this citation. A contest to
the testament will probably follow, it
being said- that Mrs. Danlell objeots
to the trust clause giving Dr. Hemphill
entire control of the estate.
I FRIDAY SURPRISE No. 65
No C. O. D. or Telephone Orders— These Prices for Friday Only:
35c Women's Valenciennes Lace
Aprons 19c 12 yds. 50c \
I Made of fine lawn, extra wide and As an extra special we will place
nnlshed at the bottom with imita- on sale 350 dozen of Valenciennes
* tlon tucks; wide string ties in the lace, the insertions to match having S
back. Regrular 35c value. Friday been sold; widths 1 and 1»4 inches 11
Surprise price 19c and suitable for rulings and trim- \u25a0
mings; this is an excellent wasb B
7P | • W» c ww lace and re&ularly sold at 73c for M
7 5cLmen Scarfs 53c Tz^ri^ . As . a . F ! 1 . dayS ! i . r^ |
Handsome hemstitched linen _ . m
scarfs, stamped in pretty floral de- OC^ U *%*l,mmw~.**w. 4C ~ H
: sterns; size ISx54 inches; can be used C.OC /ICCKW23^ Jjf U
g for table or bureau scarfs; will a .:T . 7l* f **^*»
« make pretty holiday grlfts when ? Ilk four-in-hands In all the now gg
i, . worked up. Regular 73c value Fri- colorings; made in the narrow re- if
1 day Surprise price SS3c y erslDle or the wide shape. Regru- i
t Embroidery silk to work them 2ac value. Sale price 15c |
] with. In all colors; both heavy and S3
°PP 43c Tuxedo Mesh 1
I — Silk Hai Veils, each 23c J
1 DrSnPQ 071 fh O^f Chenille dotted. Tuxedo mesh H
I W'CI^U, Catfl C.JK. veHs. 1% yards lonsr. in black. X
| 50 dozen silk hat drapes. 1% *>™?r? rn ' navy and green. Regularly fl
| yards long; have pretty figured bor- sold at 80c each - Friday Surprise. I]
B d«rs. in a solendid line of colorings; each 23c X
g 'always sold for 50c. Friday Sur- <m
ft prise price, each 23c I rn4l£iC f H
I Corduroy Knee Handkerchiefs, 1
9 I ro ! !sers 29c P f - each We j
g buttons: these pants are made extra • b ™ w «' d handkerchiefs. Values 150 If
M strong and will not rip at the seams and 20c each - Friday Surprise price I
m Regular 50c value. Friday Surprise lOC |
m price, pair » °J)c 3
1 i.S!)""" 1 "" 1 "'"""- 75c Women's 1
I Men's Shirts Drawers We I
U Sir 1100 ?«i nM P wSrt-5 «, n f fil » ls hed at the bottom with a six- M
i nrile SrlcV alues - Friday Sur- , nch swlss embroidery flounce. Reg- g
H P ' ,P,, P , ••• G<>c ular.7sc value. Friday Surprise P
g Or 3 for 81.75 price 4g c H
I Groceries and Liquors I
H An acquaintance with our Grocery and Liquor Depart' M
0 ment means profit to you. It is the finest of its kind fl
H on the Pacific Coast. Prices absolutely the LOWEST $3
§ Friday and Saturday Specials 1
|jB Swiss Cheese — Imported Ementhal; Extra Special Zlnfandel Quart bot- M
y »b UOc tie; this wine has age and is afl
H Frankfurters or Bolojma Sansage»— choice dinner wine; regularly 33c. B
t| 2 lbs * *i»sc Sale P 1 "!". bottle 17 C M
1 Castile Soap— Marseilles imported: American Gold Donrboai — Sold by B
I . bar 14c the gallon; regularly J2.50. Sale |3
P "a n gg 9 e r Brand k c Po^'-^h^^lyear-oi^wiSe^ B
| H. O. Sterilized Hominy— 3-lb. pack- , lahed brand DOtt ,V 7|> |
I aSe9: l P acka^ es •••••••••• 2 : ><? Maryland Pure Rye Whiskey— Bot- f
E Coffee— Best Java and Mocha; tie 7r»«» H
I ground or bean; 1b Uf>c Cnxtrm Alcohol — Gallon £tt.OO 9
H . Cranberries— New Cape Cod: 2 Half gallon 51.5>0 fi
H v-;. quarts 25c Full quarts S3c §}
el H iii ii it m CHfilfF M
1 [§• AIMWJ REUABLE SPECIAL Fji *% j, |
I XW MARKET&tfONES STi\ SSX"fT I C g
MAN IS KNOCKED DOVITT JL\D
\u25a0 INJURED BY AX AUTOMOBILE
J. 11. Perlne Refnaea to Go to Central
Emergency Hospital and Is Taken \u25a0
to His Hotel.
J. H. Perine, who is employed by the
Renters' Loan and Trust Company, 323
Montgomery street, stepped from a car
opposite 1376 Market street about the
noon hour yesterday and was struck
by a passing: automobile. He was
knocked down, the wheels of the ma
chine passing: over uls legs and throw-
Ing his body under it. A crowd quick
ly gathered and Detective Mulcahy,
who was passing on a car, with some
assistance raised the machine and
dragged Perlne out.
Perine refused to go to the Central
Emergency Hospital and was taken to
the Gables Hotel. Clay and Larkln
streets, where he -ives. His own phy
sician was summoned and found that
he had sustained a bad cut on the fore
head and his wrist was sprained. He
was also suffering from bruises and
the shock.
Mulcahy arrested the chauffeur. Mor
ris E. Silva, and booked htm at ; the
City Prison on a charge of battery." He
was released on 810 cash bail.
Shattered ! nerves, weak stomach. »m
paired digestion and inability to sleep all
disappear when Lash's Bitters are used.*
One-Lesrged Xegro Lynched.
EL.KTON, Ky., Oct. 12.— Shortly after
midnight a mob, supposed to have come
from Trenton, ' took Frank Lea veil, a
one-legged negro, out of the Jail here
and lynched him in a , nearby wood.
Leavell' attempted to enter the room of
a young woman at Trenton last Sat
urday.
Mlilni Mine Is Shut Down.
RED BLUIT. Oct 13. — The Midas
mine at Harrison Gulch, owned by
Captain Roberts \u25a0of Sacramento, has
shut down for repairs to Its biff double
compartment shaft. The Midas has been
a paying rhine. but lately the place ha*
not shown much life. About fifty
men are now employed there.
'THIRD 'AND LAST •
Special f1..">0 Eicur*!o»
For the season over ths scenic North Shor*
Railroad .will leave San Francisco Sunday
next. October IS (via Sausallto Farry), at
7:45 a. m.. for Camp Meeker. Monts Rio,
Mesa Grand* and Cazadero Bis Treea, allow
ing: from 3 to 3 hours at th« famous cottaxa
colonies on the Russian Rivar. Every ticket
Insures a seat. Get them In advance at 630
Market street, under Chronicle bulletins. *
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Ha n "Always Bought
Bears the /I" rS/ify j J*"
Signature of (~+ia^ft /\u25a0&&JU4Z
/**^^ t r Immtnga,
waterproof canvas corer. tray with
hatboz and extra dress tray, cloth
faced. Price onry $3.00. w« ar«
manufacturers and sell SO per cent
cheaper than others. "
J. MARTY.Ca
Trunk sad Bay Majnrfautmejs»
33 TURK ST., S. F.
Repairlns. . Piont Foliom 3313.
TBB
Los Angeles Times
. max vßJkxcisco omca
IS NOW IM
Room 41, Chronicle Bids.
Talephon* Slain 1473.
Arthur U Fbh. • Represeniathr*
The Tlae* is ths adrertlstas
modium of tha Southwest.
" HOTEL ST. FRANCIS
Has the Best Eqidpp«4
. . end H indsomes t . .
GRILL ROOM"*CAFE
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Business Men's Lunch a Specialty
>gVDEWEy;STRON6&Caj>g'V
fj : J
MARKET ST.Sp^SS?
Weafe Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAiIIANA BITTERS, IHK
Ortat Mexlcmn Remedy: \u25a0 tr«» haalta aaa
•trensta to mzul crsvu. D*yot. 131 >»\u25a0»\u25a0\u25a0
Imiu 1 \u25a0mil miTliiii 1 iii'i ' 11 iiiiiiw iiiilil 11 1 mm JWiw*nn«Hfflwll
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
l^l^r^nK^Kl^..^.7^-- ....Proprietor
ADPRE* S ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
sous Mc.VArr.nT...
TT^Zicatiox crncK ~. tiiird~nd market etj'.est^_sax^fkaxc^
r,,, n Ay OCTOBER 13, -1905
RATE LEGISLATION.
rr^HE c?.se of the railroads, hi the matter of rate legislation, has
| been restated by President Spencer of the Southern Railway.
1 His statement is. of course, extreme. It assumes that. the Fed
eral Commission, which will have the power to review and revise
a rate on complaint 6t a shipper, will be irresponsible and willful in
its action, inflicting harm upon railroad property and interrupting
the relations between railroads and their patrons.
No fault can be found with his choice of an extreme view of the
matter. It is proper policy from his standpoint, and it balances the
opposite extreme. Between the two lies the middle ground, which
will no doubt be taken by the proposed \ legislation. The law at
present gives, the Interstate Commerce Commission the power to
hear complaints against rates, and to decide cases by substituting
another fur the rate complained of. But it has no power to en
force thtr substituted rate pending a review of its decision on ap
peal to the courts.
The country understands the Esch-Townsend bill to provide
that the substituted rate shall go into effect immediately, and shall
continue in effect pending appeal. No legislation can prevent an
appeal to the courts, for that is a constitutional right and cannot
be suspended or abolished. As the rigjit of appeal will exist, Mr.
Spencer puts it very strong when he denounces the proposed legisla
tion as "Commercial lynch law." The control of transportation is
the power to control production and exchange of commodities. If
thai control had always been exercised wisely there would be no
agitation for the proposed legislation.
That agitation has its origin in what is known of the methods
of the Standard Oil Company. By the enjoyment of special rates,
not open to all, that trust was able to destroy competition and to
absorb the oil business entirely for its own benefit. This has
thrown all of the profits, on a business that covers one of the nec
essaries of life, jnto the pockets of a few men.
It is not necessary to depend upon any of the somewhat hys
terical attacks on the Standard Oil Company for argument that the
rate system by which it accomplished its monopoly is inimical to the
public interests. Nor is it necessary to depend upon any new prin
ciple in legislation for such argument. The common law of com
mon carriers, existing before there was a statute on the subject, re
quires equal service at equal price for all comers. It is pleaded in
behalf of Mr. Rockefeller that at the time he enjoyed^ secret rates,
not open to his competitors, there were no statutes against such
system.
That plea is invalid. Xo statute was necessary, for the secret
and privileged rate violated the common law rights of his rivals in
business. The proposed legislation is for the purpose of protecting
and enforcing those common law rights. We suppose that even
Mr. Spencer will admit that it is not equity, nor good business pol
icy, to give one man the benefit of a rate which under equal condi
tions is denied to another.
What he says about the agency of the railroads in building up
the country is cheerfully admitted. They have developed regions
and resources that otherwise would be still dormant. They have
done this and at the same time have reduced rates, until it is be
lieved that the open rates on American railways are the lowest in
the world, while the service is the best. At the same time it is
known that the roads give secret rebates to favored shippers which
place the disfavored at a disadvantage.
Take the case of two men in'the same line of business. If one
is favored by a secret, rebated rate, while the other pays the higher
open rate, he is compelled to pay part of the transportation on his
favored rival's goods, and thus is forced to contribute to his own
ruin. It should be understood by the railroad managers that if their
open rates are too low, if they do not yield revenue sufficient to keep
up the properties and maintain a first class equipment, and this is
made plain to the people, they will not object to a higher rate, but
it must be one rate for all.
Commercial and productive prosperity requires this and it re
quires also stability in rates. When one merchant has laid in his
stock at a certain freight rate, and that rate is unexpectedly low
ered by a rate war or other means, so that rival stocks may enjoy
it, the effect is exactly the same as that of a rebate. When a manu
facturer undertakes to fill a contract, estimated on an existing rate,
and in the midst of his performance has the rate changed to a
higher, he is wronged and perhaps ruined. We do not say that
railroad managers are unmindful of this need of stability and the
injustice of instability, but it is common knowledge that men are
ruined by such juggling^ of rates.
Any legislation that will force an equal rate for equal service
for all is in the interest of production and exchange, and is not in
imical to railroad property.
COTTAGE CRAFTS IN IRELAND.
REVIVAL of lace-making and other cottage industries in Ire
land to such an extent as to lift whole communities from that
grinding poverty which has been for so long the common lot
*bf the peasantry of the green isle is a pleasing thing to hear of.
Miss Ellen O'Reilly, who has been in charge of an exhibit of these
Irish lace-workers and representatives of other village industries,
has given an accbunt to the New York Eyening Post of what a
great good is coming to her country's poorer classes because of
this renewal of an old industry. They have long known how to
do excellent work in lace-making, but fashion had for many years
passed them by. The' new awakening is due to the interest mem
bers of the British aristocracy have taken in the beauty of the Irish
product.
The Roman Catholic sisters have been largely instrumental in
\u25a0 teaching the girls and women how to manufacture lace. They
have kept the art alive through the dull years, and now that a
better demand has come there are workers who are fitted to train
beginners at the delicate tasks. The convents do not enter into
the industry directly, but the sisters are kept busy teaching the
village women how to make marketable goods that will bring them
in more money than they could earn by going out to work in
factories.
'The instruction is also carried on by organizations of women
from the best of the county families; These establish classes in
the various villages. They furnish the materials free, and they
pay good prices for good work and find a market for it. Some of
the skilled workers are said to lift themselves to comparative
affluence by this means, and the ordinary workers earn a pound a
week, which is far better to them than working in the fields or
the factories.
The peasant girls can make the Carrickmacross, which is de
scribed as a cobweb texture, a very filmy stuff, made entirely with
the needle, and the designs as fine as frost work on a window.
pane. The Limerick lace is still finer and much more difficult
and few lace-workers attempt it. The convents, however/ have not
forgotten how to reproduce the finer designs of this, and can fur
nish teachers for it. It requires an extraordinary gift of dainty
and dexterous fingers to, succeed irrthe. Limerick patterns. ',
The crochet is said tn be the most characteristic lace of all
the Irish product. Miss Elizabeth Corbet Yeats, a sister of the
Irish poet, is at the head of the Don Elmer Guild, which has re
vived the ancient art of tapestry weaving. These are woven of
Tn'sh wool and are of fine designs. They also embroider linens and
pnint fans. The colors that are combined in these works are said
to be of a wonderful softness, "suggesting a brilliant landscape
viewed through perpetual mists."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;^FRIDA;Y. OCTOBER : 13. 1905.
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. WATERHOUSE
A YOUNG MAN'S TROUBLE.
i 6 a LAS!" the young man sighed,
\u25a0/\ "if it were hot— " ;
*» "If it were not'— what
were you going to say?" his
confidential friend inquired.
"I am, as you know, deeply in love
with Miss Prettigal. Naturally, we
would like to be married — that is, "I
should like to be, and she admits that
the feeling is not absolutely alien to
her breast — and if it were not — "
"Speak right out," his friend urged;
"you know that I will never betray
your confidence." i ; v/ ;: > -
•Why, we would be married almost
immediately — if it were not that I
should have to buy her provisions and
clothing and fuel and lodging and sev
eral other things. The situation is very
trying; it makes me feel badly."
Unfortunately his friend could ex
press little hope for him.
Moral: There are others.
A FOOL'S' WISDOM.
The race may not be to the swift,'
but I'm willing -to bet. a dollar that he
won't be distanced. ;
I may disapprove of Mr. Rockefeller's
commercial methods, but I seem to de
tect a yearning for hia cash /within
myself.
Of course, you understand that I do
not doubt that the flve-dollar-a-day
man who writes excoriations of inor
dinate wealth would not accept that
sort of riches if he had an opportunity.
A professional politician may be an
honest man, but he always is placed
under the painful necessity of prov
ing it. . *
Perhaps the Judge says, "What was
this soul's creed?" but some fools of
my kind doubt it- .
"Just 'as the twig is bent the tree's
inclined" — and I've noticed that if the
parents don't take the trouble to bend
it It usually warps itself considerably.
It is true that beauty is only skin
deep, but the fact has never put home
ly girls at a premium.
"D>d Blossom go to the seashore last
summer?"
"No. He said he deeply felt that it
was sufficient to have the fa.mily repre
sented, and his mother-in-law was
there."
THE THINGS I LOVE.
I love the balmy soothing air
-That wings
Its way to where I once wore hair
And things;
I love the birds that sing their song,
Enough
To cheer my heart the whole day long
With guff.
I love the breezes calm and sweet,
Each gust
That brings me visions joy replete,
And dust;
I dote on charms the vales supply.
Their style
Of beauty, bugs and sueh — well, I
Should smile!
ONCE MORK WITH ADOLPHUS.
It was a good deed that you did,
Adolphus, and. now that it has been
done, would you mind sitting down and
having a little conversation with your
self? If you do not mind, ask yourself
in all seriousness and. honesty whether
the deed was performed 'more because
you wished to poss*es" the consciousness
of doing the right -thing or because
you wished to feel that your friends
said, 'What a fine fellow Adolphus is!"
I suggest the question in all earnest
ness, my boy, and merely because I
have asked it of myself many and
many a time. I suppose, or at any l^ate
hope, that I am a person' of average
decency, but I: find, on calm and honest
introspectionr that the question, "What
will my' friends say of me?" mixes it
self with mauy of the things I do. I
really shouidT like to do the right for
the sake of doing- the right, but I don't
seem to be able to cut out the "What
will 'Jones say?" in the proposition;
and this Is not so much because I care
what Jones, the individual, thinks, as
it is because I fancy that Jones is a
representative of the great public.
If you will have an honest talk with
yourself, my boy, I will bet you two
to one that you will find that there la
a large ingredient of "Jones"- in your
doings. Why should I not suppose that
this is the case? I do not fancy that
my human nature Is very different from
other human nature, and I have talked
with myself. Nor Is it a bad thing to
mix some "Jones" in your proceedings.
Only, 1 should endeaver not to let him
"rule the roost," for when you do, you,
Adolphus, will be a nonentity.
"Old man Skadds is awfully distressed
about his Chawlie."
"Why so?" •
; "Well, he tried to train him to be use
ful, and already he has begun to go in
the Smart Set."
"You remember that old Duckets'
daughter married a foreigner with a
title?"
"Yes."
"Well, she has got a divorce from him.
"On what grounds ?"
"Fraudulent representations. On reach
ing Europe she found that titles were
selling for less than one-fourth of what
she paid.-" •:-f'~:>S'- : 7 ]
THE PRICE WE MUST PAY.
I know right well, and you know right
The thing that we ought to do, . .
But the tempter comes with a luring
spell.
And his wares have a roseate hue;
And we say, "This once,' if aside welook,
It will never count, I trow" —
But what of the one who keeps the book?
And don't you suppose He'll know?
Do you fancy that sin will leave no scar?
That law may be well defied? i- "
That you carry no mark of what you are
Far out on the other side? •
The wrong that -you did another yet
bears,
Will carry it all of the way,
And sure Is the time' when, unawares,
It will come, by your side to stay.
Oh,' I know right well— e'en my blindness
y see«— .
That the price we shall not escape;
The penalty comes despite our pleas,
~ To haunt us, a grizzly shape. .
Forgotten negiect and the wayward deed,
They shall stand, , an- accusing row,
With only the good we have done to
plead
For those who have strayed. below.
"I heard Biggins say that heaven " was
his home." \u25a0 .. \u25a0 .
"Yes?! How'd it strike you?"
\u25a0""Well,* it -struck me that he was an ' un
comfortably- long,; way, from home." ' '
"Walkus will* get the .toilers' vote, will
he not?"
"I don't know, but I think so." s -
"What gives you that i impression?"; .
"I have never seen him" doing anything
much , except politics— ; and the tax-pay
ers."
- "Mrs. Boggins .works' sixteen- hours a
"And Bogging works 1 eight." . .
"Well, what of it?"
. "Nothing; only, : he," says :he is convinced
that women 1 ; never > should" undertake .the
labor that men perform. *".,
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION.
PARISIAN COSTUME A LA PRINCESSE.
ONE of the new bluish violet shades of chiffon mohair makes up
charmingly In this street costume, or costume trotteur, as the
Parisians term them. While in cut it is plain enough for morning
and shopping wear, nevertheless it is sufficiently dressy in effect to
do duty for afternoon occasions as well. \u25a0 The skirt is built up. after
the princess model, jiist the hint of an underskirt cleverly indicated
at the left side, where, incidentally, the fastening occurs. Strappings
of the cloth, with little touches of the same bluish shade of violet
velvet, and velvet-covered buttons afford the trimming effect on the
skirt. The little Eton that completes the outdoor aspect of the gown
has the fronts rolled back in shallow reveres, haircloth lined, to hold
the shape, and touches of linen embroidery appear here with excel
lent effect. The sleeve is the usual half length model, and* the lace
underblouse is arranged with a cascaded jabot in front, and a sleeve
that displays a series of shallow puffs below the elbow.
THE MAN WHO WINS.
THERE is to-day one deity almost
universally worshiped. That deity
is the great god' Success. Men.
and women, too, serve It gladly and will
ingly. They, slave for It. They have -an
idea that it controls Happiness and that's
what we all want..: /_
Those who have apparently won the
favor of this god are envied. Those who
envy them are the oneswho are striving
for this favor. Broadly speaking, we may
divide all mankind into these two classes.
There are 4 a few exceptions, but they are
insignificant when compared to the great
mass of the rule— barely enough of them
to prove the rule, writes Leigh Mitchell
Hodges in the Philadelphia North Amer
ican. • \u25a0'
In short, we all want to succeed. And
this Is well enough. But the virtue of
our desire is altogether dependent on
what we want, to succeed at. The fact
that a murderer puts a large measure of
thought, energy and persistence into the
commission of his crime does not make
his act any the less wrong. He is still as
much a murderer as if he had done the
deed qn the spur of the moment in a fit
of anger. . V :.;'._.
And the fact that many men and wom
en put Into worthless or wrong work
many fine and useful qualities of mind
and body does not altar the result of their
laboring. The end is just aa bad as if
they had whiled away their time in,posi
tive vice. This is one phase, of the mat
ter that many do not stop to think about.
They should, for it ia highly important.
It is a phase of the matter that is con
stantly being brought to the' attention of
those persona who come in contact with
young men and young women starting out
in life to make their living or to take care
of others dependent upon them for sup
port. More than one letter touching upon
this very subject has come to mo and I
am thus led to a little talk on the sub
ject of the man who wins. Man, as used
in this Instance, includes women who
have to work. I do not want to talk to
working women who do not have to
work, because I have no. use for them.
Tha woman who goes clerking so that
she may have better looking, clothes and
more frillery and finery T, Is a robber of
bread; and though the most of working
women do not come under this head,
thanks be, there are enough of them to
warrant this passing comment. .
The man who- wins— what sort «f a
man Is he?
In the first place there is and always
JUST A MINUTE WITH THE BUSY FUN-MAKERS.
'No . DIFFERENCE »N ; THE
.--MUSIC.;
"What's':- the. difference -between
a i sacred I concert .and an ordinary
concert?'": V ".'•\u25a0'. \u25a0 *' \u25a0 ~'.3^BMSIBB3BP
. ' "One is played .on Sunday, and
• the other isn't: that's all."
AN OPTIMIST
must be a vast difference between the
man who really wins and he who in
the sight of the world appears to win.
There ia an impassable gulf between
them. One is genuine, the other a
counterfeit. That's enough! And again
in the first; place, the man who. wins
is, as a rule, the man who starts out
with an idea of what he can do. and
what he is best fitted to do, and what
he " wants . to do, and . what he
is willing to do if he can't get any
of the others! It sounds like, a very
long list, but it can be boiled down
Into the man who knows something
about himself and has himself In his
own control to some extent. No man
ever controls himaelf wholly "or per
fectly, so It is not to be expected that
a young man should be proficient in
this beyond a certain point. '^
But do ships and railroad trains start
out from ports or depots without some
given statement and plan as to their
destination? If they did would any
sane man or woman patronize them?
Well, how, then, shall a young man
expect persons to take him If he sets
out no signs as to what he is going to
do? For, after all, success. of the right
sort is doing what you want to do.
And"~this.ls not selfish or strange. You
were made to do something better than
anything else and you ought to know
it, and do that.
And almost as important as^this is
the fact— remember, it is a fact — that
success ia not always a matter "of
money, and that success of the right
kind is'N^ever wholly -a matter of dol
lars and cents. Put tkis down where
you will see, it every day and every
hour of ever> day. There is a germ
in the air nowadays that takes root
in any one and every one and afflicts
its victims with a false notion that the.
best and highest way to succeed Is to
make money. I do not blame the
young for being attacked by It, when
I note how the older and \u25a0 supposedly
saner among our best -classes welcome
it so warmly.: ' :
I shall not blame the young so long
aa the older ones keep on Rockefeller
ing. It would be unfair. But it is
only fair to warn them. ' And no words
in the language are strong* enough to
make a -warning that will ri^t the case.
The making "of money may be suc
cess, but It is by no means that sort
of success which should actuate men
and women to , do Hhe best ?that is In
them. It is a low sort of business, one
POP KNEW.
\u25a0Willie — Say, pop, a financier is
a . man ; that makes lots : of money
ain't .he? '\u0084-\u25a0-'
Pop— No.' A financier is - a man
who . gets -hold of lots v of money,
other people. 'have "made. . '\u25a0 '
THE SMART SET.
Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann, Nvho Is
an enthusiastic music patron, is much
interested in the coming chamber music
concerts to be given in tha maple roqm
of the Palace by the Minetti String
Quartet. : V* '\u2666
Many society people are preparing to
attend these affairs, of which there
will be a series, the first to take place
October 20. and -on that night many of
fashion and culture will attend.
Mrs. Walter C.' Campbell will haye
charge of the programme of music In
the Greek Theater, Berkeley, next Sun
day, among those taking part to.be
Nathan Landsberger, Mrs. Marian E. B.
Robinson, Miss Elsie Arden, Miss Julia
Rapier -Tharp and Walter Chauncey
Campbell.
•• • .
The marriage of Miss Rowena Moore
and Paul Selby will take place Novem
ber 1 at the home of the bride's parents
in Los Angeles. \u2666
Mr. Selby is well known through the
State, being a son of the late Prentlss
Selby and- graduated from the Univer
sity of California four years ago, since
which time he has been identified with
rich mining interests in Bouth Africa.
Miss Moore has visited In thi3 city
often and is; by no means a stranger.
• • • • *
The arrival of Mr. and Mrs. Peter D.
Martin from New York denotes^that
affairs will soon be astir in San Fran
cisco's society world and during their
stay as.the guests of Mrs Eleanor Mar
tin a round of gayety will be the pro
gramme.
Miss Marie Bull and Miss Katherin*
Bull are contemplating a short trip into
the country within the next few weeks,
although their stay will be short, for
the marriage of Miss Marie to Dr.
TAKING CHAKCES.
A small boy had been punished, and In
consequence was feeling at enmity with
all the world, but with his father in par
ticular. When he came to say his pray
ers at night he gabbled through them at
a high rate of speed and while asking
for the customary blessing on all the
other members of the family, including
the cat, he left out his offending parent.
His mother understood, but thoug— it
best to "appeal to his better self."
"Harold." she 6aid sweetly.' "what
about papa? You forgot, dear."
"Didn't. Don't want papa blessed."
"Why, Harold! when you love him so?
Just think, dear, papa has gone down
town now and how would you feel if he
got lost or hurt because you hadn't
prayed for him?"
This rather worked on the boy's mind,
and slowly he began to clamber out of
bed, when, just as he got on his knees,
he heard the familiar click of his father's
key in the lock. "I guess I'll risk It." he
announced, and quick as a wink Jumped
, back into bed.— Lippincott's.
that seldom, pays anything but hard
cash, and that's not all we are to live
for. It would be easier to get along
without cash than without kindness, I
think,- and I well . realize the neces
sity of some cash! But when we look
at life we should not be content to gaze
down the -deep holes of living; we
ought to climb to the hilltops, where
the air Is clear and invigorating, and
whence we can see beyond the little
walls that hem us In below.
We should always remember that we
are drawing our plans for eternity, and
that to-morrow the things of to-day
will be the things of yesterday.
The man who really wins out is the
man who has a desire to do something
that is useful and right, and who usea
all the power and mind he can com
mand in a real attempt to do this some
thing as well as he can; who realizes
that he is only one out of many mil
lions, every other one of whom has
certain rights and privileges in com
mon with him; who does not try to
block the way of others in order that
he may get ahead; who is too true to
be dishonest, even in little things, and
too fair to stoop to deception or
chicanery. He is the man who is not
discouraged by failure; who can take
orders as well aa give them; who
doesn't know it all, and has time to be
courteous to all who come his way. He
is the man who is not always preoc
cupied with a false idea that every one
is conspiring against him to rob him
of his rights and take from him the
just fruits of hig labor. He Is all this
and more, but this is enough.
And will all these things bring him
success?
Now that all depends on what your
own particular conception of success is.
If you think of it as a possession which
you win by honest effort, and which
none can take away from you, then he
is bound to win It. If you are still
blinded by the dollar mark, he may win
and he may. not. But. this latter is of
secondary Importance, no matter what
viewpoint you take. Men can be just
as happy on a little as they can on
much, and happier, as a rule, for the
reason that he who has little has \o de
pend on his own Ingenuity to provide
a semblance, to much, and he who has
much need only push a button and some
one else does the rest. They can. cer
tainly be as. useful, for when you look
around at the useful man of any com
munity you notice that the most of
WAS KNOCKED OCT.
•Hoax — What happened when you
"discharged -your cook?.
Joax^-I; can't 'remember. When
I recovered \ consciousness' I was
in the hospital.
SALLY SHARP
— ! ,
Walter Chidester will take place tue
latter part of November.
The ceremony will be quietly per
formed at the home of Dr. Alpheus Bull,
the bride's brother, on Jackson street.
Dr. Chldester to take his bride to the
Orient early lr» December.
Miss Ethel Hager was the guest of
Mrs. M. H. de Young: a day or two ago
at' a luncheon In the Palm Garden.
This favorite spot is a rendezvous for
1 many who have been away all summer
and each day greetings are exchanged
between those who have not met since
the beginning of the summer season.
• • •
Miss Minnie Taylor, president of the
Keramtc Club, will preside at a studio
tea to-morrow afternoon at her studio
on Post street.
Mlsa Taylor has been East for some
time and this affair will serve as a
welcome home,~besides the opportunity
afforded for seeing many new pieces of
art work.
Callers will be received from 3 to 5.
and assisting Miss Taylor will be Mis*
Martha Korbel and Mrs. E. B. Scott.
• • • ' •
Baraett Franklin "will be host at the
Sequoia Club In the near future.
. Mr. anfl Mrs. Richard William Davis
have returned to town from their out-
Ing at Mill Valley and are at the Hotel
CeclL
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. George R. Ive» and Ml»»
Belle Lathrop are occupying thel*
apartments at the Colonial, where
they will remain for the winter.
• • •
Mr. and Mr*. Frederick Knight wer«
among yesterday's passengers on the
Korea for the Hawaiian Islands, where
they will remain four or five weeks.
"OX THE LEVEL"
In the October "World's "Work M. Ck
Cunniff describes the unique personality
of New York's District Attorney to an ar
ticle, "Jerome: a Man." The following
Incident Is related:
A New York reporter once telephoned
to the proprietor of a gambling house
who had defied the law for years and
said, inquiringly:
"We have heard that you were raided
this evening. Is it true?"
"No, It isn't true," replied the gambler.
"Me run a gambling house! What. are
you giving us?"
"But our information came from the
District Attorney's office." objected the
leporter. .
"Oh, Jeroma told you. did he?" came
after a pause. "Well, if you got It from
Jerome It's straight. I was raided, and
you can take It from me, young feller,
that anything Jerome tells you is on the
level— l don't car» what it is."
It Is just because the public, too. be
lieves this District . Attorney Jerome, of
New York, haa become a ur.qiue force for
good In our public life. He has told us
things that have made many a cuddled
delusion wriggle with discomfort— the
Kansans that their prohibition law Is a
sham, cultivated New Yorkers that the
shames and evils of the city are "up
to them," college men that they shirk
their duty, public ofHcers that they com
promise with political corruption, reform
ers that they deceive themselves. -
"I believe." he said one day. "that
somehow for other, telling the truth is
better than lying, if only for the man
himself"; and then ho added, "besides,
you have the satisfaction of knowing that
you have announced what many other
people think and daren't say."
ANSWERS TO OUERIES.
OCEAN SHORE—J. W. S.. City. This
department ha 3 not the space to give tha
streets in San Francisco over which the
Ocean Shore Road haa a franchise to
lay tracks. You can see -a copy of this
franchise In the official paper that pub
lishes the proceedings of the Board of
Supervisors, or you can see the same at
the office of the clerk of the Board of
Supervisors. This will give you the de
sired information in detail.
TROUT — T. M.. Truckee. Cal. Charles
A. Vogelsang, chief deputy of the Board
of Fish Commissioners, say* that
under the law of California as
"amended during the last session
of the Legislature no trout can be
bought, sold or offered for sale of less
than one pound in weight. No trout
can be taken except with hook and line.
There is nothing in the law relative to
the size of trout. No trout of any
kind can be taken with a net. Previous
to the legislative session of the current
year it was permissible to take- steel
head trout in tide water with a n«t
of not less thar 7% -inch mesh. Th 9
Legislature wisely mado the change, as
steelhead fishing was carried on at the
mouths of all the rivers with nets. A*
steelheads aro the parent fish of all the
coast stream trout, the fishermen at tha
mouths of the livers were taking the
parent flsh that were on their way up
river to deposit spawn, which stock*
the streams."
them are by no mean* rich in money.
And it Is. possible for them to b« far
more -winners.
81 fourth rt. (front barb»r). be«t ey»*lM«e«:
•p«cs. 20c-Soci other »tor«a. %2 SO-S3 30. < - •
Townsend's California glace fnxita
and choicest candles fn artistic fire
etched boxes. New store. 767 Market. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). SO Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A GREAT FAVOR.
Grace— Here's a note from papa. _
Tom— What's does he want?
Grace— He wants to know if, you
won't let him, have the parlor
Saturday night.MRS. HOPPER
LOSES POINT
Supreme Court Denies Eight
to Keep Administrator
in Dunsinuir Will Case
WILL GO TO EQUITY
Attorneys for Actress Say
That Decision in Clark
Case Means Her Victory
The Supreme Court yesterday decided
that the order issued by Superior Judge
J V. Coffey appointing & special admin-
Utrttor. on the petition of Edna Wallace
Hopper, to take charge of the property
of Alexander Dtinsmuir. the deceased
California millionaire, wai wrong, and
approved the petition o£ James Duru
zaulr, tUstributor of the estate, to pro
hibit the administrator from taking the
property out cf his hands. By this de
cl£ion Edna Wallace Hopper loses an im
portant point by which she hoped even
tually to have the dtad millionaire's will
broken on the ground of fraud and undue
influence.
Alexander Dunsmuir died in New York
ia 1»». He was a resident of San Fran
cisco end so stated in his last wilL James
£Kin*niuir. a brother, took the will to
British Columbia and there probated it.
1-a.ter a certitied copy wes brought to
£an Francisco and was probated by the
Superior Cour: as a foreign will. Mrs.
£en& Wallace Hopper, who is a step
<iauchter cf Alexander Dunsmuir. failed
to Question the legality of the pro
bating of the will during the year
which ?s allowed for such an ac
tion and not until four years later
CM she apply for an order vacating the
order to probate the will. She was grant
ed this order and on It Judge Coffer
•ppoirted the special administrator to
take the property from the hands of
James Dunsmuir. James Dunsmuir pe
titioned the Supreme Court to forbid
tfce administrator from taking charge of
vfce property and in this, action he was
yesterday upheld by the Supreme Court. 1
The decision of the Supreme Court was
concurred in by all except Chief Justice
Eeatty. It was written by Justice Lori-
K&n. Iv commenting upon the case the
court says:
In our cpis.!cs there can b* no doubt of the
correctness cf p*lliioc*rs'« position, tnd thai
It devolve* upon this court to determine
«hrther or not the order annulling the order
admitting the will of Alexander Dunsrnulr to
probate was or was not void.
This brings v* to the controlling inquiry In
the eas*. \u2666•fcich 1* whether the order admitting
the will of A. Our.Ec-.uir to probate Lv the
Superior Court of the city and county of fciaa
FrsxclFCo w»! void ctj its face. We are *at
isfied that this inquiry court be answered in
ttyfc nf-gativf. The crd*r admitting the will
t^probat* if= in no sense void. Even if It
sftre erroneous it was still valid until reversed
uprm direct proceedings upon appeal. The order
annulling the admission of the will of Alex
ander Dunensuir to pro"»te, made at the time
*nd under tht circumstance? disclosed. Is In
its nature an attempt to declare void a cecree
la no sense void: that the attempt to do so ts
beyond the JurtsdkrUot cf the court and Is
!t**!f void.
It follow*, then, that as the order vacating
the order admitting the will to probate is void,
the order appointing the sp»ciaJ administrator
and directing- him to take charge o: the estate,
whirh is baJF*-d upon this previous void order.
it equally void, and that the writ of prohibi
tion rhould i»ue as- prayed for, arsd it ia so
•Tflered.
DECISION IN" CLARK WILI~
In line with the Dur.smuir decision was
the decision in the estate of Julius H.
Clark, C. P. Duuoise appellant, and on
the result of this case the attorneys who
are re-presenting Edna Wallace Hopper
end her stepmother in their attempt
to break .the will of Alexander Duns
muir will bring an action in equity to
have the will set aside.
Julius H. Clark was a resident of Yolo
County. California, and while visiting in
Ketne, New Hampshire, he executed his
last will. The will was filed in Yolo
County, but before it tvas piobated per
mission was granted for Its removal to
New Hampshire, where it was probated.
The appellant then filed a petition In
Yolo County asking that the vrill of Clark
be probated there as a foreign will upon
presentation of a certified copy of the
New Hampshire probating. The lower
court denied the petition and decided that
t:ie will must be admitted as a domestic
will. This decision is upheld by the Su
i?:ein<9 Court in Its opinion of yestercfty.
The judgment was divided. Justices Hen
t ..v. Beatty, Lorigan and Angellotti
efflrziiiris and Justices Shaw, Van Dyke
and McKarland dissenting. The court
comments as follows:
. la summing up we thl&k tbe unhampered
jurist would reach the conclusion that our
laws not oniy recognised but preserved the dis
tinction between foreign and domestic wills
«nd the probate thereof; that the law «ay*
that all domestic wills' must be proved to the
county cf whJch the decedent was a resident
et the time -of bis death, for thus the State
j-reservts IU aovereifcnty and Its jurisdiction
over natters primarily belonging to it. That
:r. th* case of a foreign will this State has
less concern with the** questions of fraud, un
£u« influence and the like, and upon the offer
cf proof of such a fj>reirn will It may be
\u25a0 fimitted upon the evidence proscribed in sec
tion 1324, \u25a0"\u25a0lthout right of contest along snch
matters. But -when a foreign will is bo of
fered for probate in this State two questions
ere cpeaed a* new aod original Questions for
the d«-ternrfr.ation of our own Probate Court:
First, the safflclency cX the proofs of foreign
j.rob*te and. second, the question of the resl
cence of the deceased.
HOPPEB LAWYERS HAPPY.
Kdward P. Come of New York, attor
ney lor Enda Wallace Hopper," said in an
Interview last night regarding the two
decisions of the Supreme Court:
The decision of the Supreme Court cf Cali
foruiai to th* case of Clark vs. Dufc::«, ar
f.nnlog the judgment of the lower court, set
tle* the question that the California, courts)
lave eicJuelve original Jurisdiction to admit
to probate the will of a domiciled Callfornlan.
This 1* tie vital question involved la the
Hopper-DuESisuir case.
The force of the decision gractlng th« writ
cf prohibition in the Duneamlr case is that
the Judgment adsiitticg the will of Alexander
POSTUM CEREAIi.
FITS JIAA'V
To Lecrre Off Coffee Bad Uae Post am.
Postum Coffee shows Its great nour-
ishing power In many ways.
"I was nursing my baby six months
ago," writes a young matron, "and I
f ocnd that tea and coffee did not agree
•with me. I grew nervous and weak,
my appetite was not good, and besides,
baby was cross and fretful. He didn't
seem to get "proper nourishment from
xny milk, and friends said: 'You must
wean him, he Is starving.'
"I gave up tea and coffee and tried
cocoa., chocolate. an d milk Instead, but
stni baby didn't seem to thrive. At
last, on the advice of a friend. I began
to use Poetum Coffee, and I can truly
f-ay thst the effect was wonderful!
Both baby and I began to Improve In
appetite, spirits and flesh Immediately.
In three months my boy weighed
twenty pounds and be is as good a baby
p.s a mother could wish to have. My
drinking Postum did it.
"I cannot recommend Postum Food
Coffee too highly to nursing mothers.
Jt is better in flavor than the other
coffee and is far superior In nutritive
qualities, supplying Just what the child
must have, as.no other food can do."
Name given by Postum Co.. Battle
Cnek. Mich
There's a reason — explained in the
quaint little book, "The Road to Well-
vllle." la each pkg.
MARION SHIP.LEV. WHO WILL.
SHORTLY APPEAR AT THE
GKAXD OPERA-HOUSE.
MARION SHIRLEY
WILL APPEAR
Beautiful Young Actress
to Be Seen at Grand as
Star of "In Old Kentucky"
A feature of "In Old Kentucky," which
opens at the Grand Opera-house next
Sunday matinee, will be tbe first appear
ance in this city of Miss Marion Shirley,
a beautiful and accomplished young lead-
Ing actress. She will play the character
of Madge, the heroine. The company
secured for the present year's perform
ance is said to be one of the best that
has appeared in the play A .new scenic
equipment has been prepared and an un
usually large contingent of little darkq
boys will add novelty to the presenta
tion.
TEAR UP RAILS
IN LOS ANGELES
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 12. — Under the
personal supervision of Mayor McAleer
and in the presence of 1000 spectators,
a force of city workmen this after
noon cut the trolley wires of the Los
Angeles Railway Company and com
menced tearing up the tracks of the
company on South* Park avenue. The
action of the city authorities followed
the decision of Judge York to-day dis
solving vthe injunction restraining the
city from removing the railway tracks,
which the city claims were completed
after the time limit of the franchise
had expired.
About a mile of the track of this
division of the company's line comes
under the court's order, and the entire
line of 21.2 miles in length is affected
by the decision. About 10,000 people,
it" is estimated, are patrons of this
branch of the road. The company will
make no resistance to the city's work
in destroying the property. The offi
cials say that the people residing in
the section affected will suffer more
inconvenience ».ian the company.
The Mayor was accompanied to-day
by City Attorney Mathews and a squad
of policemen. City Electrician Mana
han personally directed the cutting of
the trolleys. A hook and ladder com
pany was brought to the scene with
its apparatus and the electricians as
cended the ladders and cut the wires.
The trolley was cut at both ends of
the section of the street affected by
the court's order.
Several cars loaded with passengers
were on the line which was put out
of business by the city's workmen.
The passengers were transferred to
other lines and the cars allowed to re
turn to the company's barns. Four
rails at each end of the South Park line
were torn up and to-night a force of
policemen Is guarding the road to pre
vent the company from repairing the
line.
BURGLAR FAILS TO BESMIRCH
JUDGE AXD GETS FIVE YEARS
REDDING. Oct. 12. — The sensation
sprung by Harry Reed, the burglar
who robbed the Keswlck Wells-Fargo
office, exploded to-day. Reed accused
Justice of the Peace Hardy of con
spiring to get him in trouble. A court
examination exonerated Hardy and
Reed was sentenced to five years at
Folsom.
Dunsmuir to probate could not be set aside by
collateral attack, and the plaintiff roust seek
relief from the equitable side of tbe court.
The will of Alexander Dunsmuir was originaly
admitted to probate In British Columbia and
subsequently admitted !n California. A mo
tion was made by tbe attorney* for Mr«-.Hop
oer to *et aside the order admitting it In Cali
fornia on tfce rround that it was void upon
iv face, and therefore tbe subject oft a .col
lateral attack. Alexander Dunsmuir being a
resident cf California, hla will should have
been offered here criminally for probate.
The Supreme Court had decided that the
order waa not void upon its fnce. and the time
for appeal Jhavlcg expired, the plaintiff* only
remedy was In a separate action to vacate the
luSrment. However. th« principle laid down
In Clark v*. Duboi*e *upj)orts the . contention
that the will cf Alexander Dansmulr should
first have b*en i<robat«^ in the State of Cali
fornia, and under this decision an action will
immediately be commenced to. vacate the orig
inal order admitting the will to probate.
The conclusions are thai -1n the Dunsmulr
case the court holds the order admitting the
will to probate was nouvoid upon lt» face and
therefore v» not the ettbjec* of collateral at
tack* that the plaintiffs remedy wa» by
separate action to vacat* the Judgment ad
mlttlnK «nch will to probate, and they do not
Ji-me, the eneetlon Involved as to the place of
orisTiSl Jurisdiction. Simply that the plaintiff
has mistaken her remedy. Al*o, If the princi
r>kr» laid down In the case of Clark vs. Du
bci% are to obtain, the court In a separate
action Instituted for that purpose must v«fat*
the orlsrln*l Judgment admitting , the will to
Probate: In ether words. If the case of Clark
vs Dubolse, decided by the Supreme Court to
<S*'r. stands. Mrs. Hopper Is cure to w^n.
On the other band, the attorneys for
James Dunsmuir say that the will can
never be broken.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAYv OCTOBER 13. 1905.
EXHIBIT WINS
A GOLD MEDAL
Portland Exposition Gives
.Honors to the California
Board of Trade Display
TO EE PUT ON MOLE
Collection Will Be Estab
lished Permanently Where
Travelers May View It
The California State Board of Trade
was notified yesterday, through a letter
addressed to Manager Arthur R. Briggs,
that the exhibit made by the board at
the Portland Exposition had been award
ed a gold medal and special mention as
a whole. This exhibit was in the Agri
culture building. It included a large as
sortment of California orchard and field
products. Conspicuous in the show is a
collection of processed fruits, prepared by
the board's force of experts.
Attention was devoted to having the
exhibits shown properly. George A. Den
nison, secretary of the California
\u25a0World's Fair Commission, and Harry
Wight, both of whom are connected with
the State Board of Trade, took part in
the installation. Their efforts produced
a fine effect.
Early iv the present week It was re
ported at a meeting of the Board of
Trade that the Southern Pacific Com
pany wished to utilize tbe board exhibit,
which has since proved to be a high prize
winner, as a permanent show to be placed
in the ferry building at the Oakland
mole to exemplify the possibilities of
California production. This was agree
able to the members of the board and
they instructed Manager Briggs to co
operate with the Southern Pacific Com
\u25a0 pany in the matter. The show at Port
land is about to end. Tbe Board of
.Trade show will therefore probably be on
exhibition at the Oakla&d mole" in a few
\u25a0weeks. Harry Wight has gone to Port
land to attend to the proper handling
and shipping of the exhibit at the break
ing up of the exposition.
Official notice has been received
by the Bulls Head Oil Works that a
gold medal has been awarded to tho
works by the Portland exposition man
agement for refined oils.
GOLDEN JUBILEE OF
ST. IGNATIUS COLLEGE
Festival of the Famous
Institution to Last
Six Days.
The goiden jubilee of St. Ignatius
College will be celebrated October 15 to
20, inclusive.
On Sunday the exercises will open
with solemn pontifical mass in St. Ig
natius Church at 10:30 ,a. m. * The fol
lowing programme will be rendered,
under the direction of Dr. Maurice W.
O'Connell, organist and musical direc
tor: ,— .
"Entree Pontificate" (Capoccl); Kyrie, Gloria
and Credo (Bernini); offertory. "Venl Duleia
Jesu" (Cagliero); Sanctua (Fauconier); Bene
dictus (Battista); Agnus Dei (Bernini); march
(Lemaigre); Postlnde (Warner).
At 7:30 p. m. solemn vespers will be
sung by the same augmented male
choir that renders the morning service.
Following is the programme:
•'Entree Pontlncale" (Tombelle); Vesper
Psalms (Gregorian); Magnificat (Cagllero); or
can solo during the collection (D'Evry): solemn
benediction; O Salutarls (Gounod); Tan turn
Ergo (Rossini); Laudate Domlnum (Gregorian);
recessional (Guilmant); postlude (Rossini).
Monday morning at 10:30 o'clock a
solemn requiem will be sung for the
deceased students and teachers' of the
college. Guilmant's "Marche Funebre
et Chant Seraphique" .and Chopin's
"Marche Funebre" will be played by
Dr O'Connell as prelude and postlude
and the male choir will sing Cagliero's
"Requiem Mass."
At 7:30 o'clock Monday evening the
Ladles' Sodality choir and the regular
male choir will chant the Gregorian
"Te Deura" and sing Faure's "Tantum
Ergo" and the "Laudate Domlnum"
for the benediction. Dr. O'Connell will
render organ soloa by Kretschmer, Sa
lome, Widor and Gounod.
Rev. M. J. Dowling. S. J.. president of
Creighton University, Omaha, will de
liver the sermon Monday evening, and
Rev. P. J. Cummins and Rev. Father
Newell. O. P., will deliver the morning
and evening sermons on Sunday.
Stop!
Shoes to match your dress at Burns.
112 Geary street.
Ifttraance of Burial Permits.
City Attorney Long yesterday ad
vised Health Officer Ragan to issue no
permits to bury within the city lim
its until further Instructions. Long
says that the recent decision declaring
the ordinance prohibiting burials in
the city limits invalid Is In no way
final and an appeal will be immediately
taken to the highest courts in order
to secure an opinion from the court
of last resort as to the validity of the
burial ordinance. Long says he has
every reason to believe that the va
lidity of the ordinance will be even
tually sustained.
In*urnnoe Premium* — Heavy I.us*.
Records. In the office of the Superin
tendent of Insurance indicate that about
fourteen millions in cash Is annually
sent out of the State In the form of life
insurance premiums. Some of the money
may have been used for campaign ex
penses or in Wall street manipulations.
The Conservative Life Is a California
Company, invests and keeps the policy
holder's money at home.
Petition* In Insolvency.
petitions in Insolvency were '\u25a0 filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court ns follows: J. M. Coppoch, Brod
erick, laborer, liabilities, 1345. no as
stes: John Johnson, driver, Oakland,
liabilities, 5928. no assets.
BEECHAM'S MLS
are the best remedy for a deranged stomach. They are a safe and
gentle laxative; a reliable; cure for obstinate Constipation, Bilious
Attacks, Sick Headache and all disorders arising from a weak Di-
gestion, sluggish Liver or- dogged Bowels. Beecham's Pills
Give Quick Relief
and are a world-famous medicine for the cure of these prevalent .
complaints. Their cost is a trifle; their use— a duty..- For; your \u25a0
health's sake, insist on Beecham's Pills. They do more for your
body than any other/ remedy. Known and used J by, hundreds of
thousands all over the globe.
£old Everywhere In Boxes. " • 10c and *50.
PAYS HURRIED
VISIT TO CITY
H. 0. Havemeyer Arrives
From South in Morning
and Leaves in the Evening
ON A PLEASURE TOUE
W r . B. Thomas, a Prominent
Factor in Sugar Industry,
Accompanies the Magnate
H. O. Havemeyer, America's famous
sugar magnate, and William B. Thomas
of Boston, who is also prominently Iden
tified with the sugar business of this
country, and the families of the two men
arrived here yesterday in a private car
and registered at the St. Francis Hotel.
Mr. Havemeyer is accompanied by Mrs.
Havemeyer and their son and daughter,
Horace and Miss Electra Havemeyer, and
Mrs. Adeline Havemeyer. Mr. Thomas'
party includes Mrs. Thomas and Miss
Helea and Miss Margaret Thomas.
The visitors came west by way of the
Grand Canyon of Colorado and expect
to remain here several days seeing the
sights of the city and near by towns.
Yesterday the party made a tour of the
city in automobiles and in the evening
they went through Chinatown under the
guidance of House Detective Hirchey of
the St. Francis.
It was stated by Mr. ThomasVlast even
ing that the visit of Mr. Havemeyer and
himself to the coast was k simply for
pleasure, although en route Mr. Have
meyer had stopped over at several points
to inspect his beet »ugar interests and
mining properties. He is Interested in
several mines in the north, and being
pressed by business engagements in the
east he decided to -cut short his stay
in San Francico In order to make a hur
ried trip to Salt Lake and then hasten to
New York. It is several years since Mr.
Havemeyer has visited California and he
was quick to notice the remarkable
progress that has .been made in the
Golden State.
SCHOOL BOARD DISPLEASED.^
WITH XEW BUILDING PLAN'
Deplores Elimination of , Fire-Proof
Construction In Washington
Grammar Building.
The Board of Education yesterday
expressed its dissatisfaction with the
reduced plans of" the new Washington
Grammar School building as submitted
by the City Architect. The plans had
to be revised because there Is only
$119,000 available and the lowest bid
previously received was $215,000. The
board deplored the fact that much of
the tire-proof material and the heating
and ventilating plant had been elimi
nated in order to reduce the cost.
City Architect Shea explained the new
plans and action was postponed until
Saturday morning, -when the plans of
the new Laguna Honda and Sunnyside
schools, to cost respectively $54,060 and
$Sl.OOO, will also come up for approval.
The board accepted the resignations
of William C. Wood and Lillian V.
Clarkson, teachers in the department.
\u25a0 Miss Margaret Sullivan and William
F. Ringrwalda were elected members of
the evening school department and as
signed to the Hancock School.
The leave of absence of Miss G. R.
Norton was extended to November 20.
CALLS COUSIN A LIAU
.VXD COURT FIXES HIM
I-'. Jacobs Commits Contempt of Court
and Judge Gruhaiu Sur
prises Him.
E. Jacobs, a recent arrival from New
York, was fined $20 for contempt of
court by Judge Graham yesterday. Be
coming excited when he believed things
were going against him in his suit to
recover J75 wages from his cousin, *D.
Hecht, he called the latter a liar, with
the result that Judge Graham adjudged
him guilty of contempt and fined him
$20. in default of which he was to go
to jail for twenty-four hours.
"Well, that's just $20 more this
speculation has cost me," said Jacobs,
"but it's better than spending twenty
four days' ln jail."
"The court only said twenty-four
hours," said a bystander.
"Did he?" anxiously inquired Jacobs.
"If I had heard him I would have saved
my $20, but I guess it's too late now."
And It was.
Jacobs claims that his cousin brought
him out from New York, promising to
pay him $15 a week, but is now in ar
rears to the extent of $75. Jacobs fur
ther claimed on tbe stand that he did
much work for Hecht In New York be
fore he started West. Hecht denied
this statement, whereupon Jacobs called
him a liar. Judge Graham did the rest.
The case was taken under advisement.
Claims She Was JUted.
Rosa Elman, a resident of the Mis
sion, filed suit yesterday against Al
bert Feldman, an employe of tho Union
Iron Works, to recover $10,000 dam
ages for, alleged breach of promise.
Miss Elman alleges that she, accepted
Feldmfn's proposal of marriage in the
romantic month of June, it being
agreed . hetwepn them that the cere
mony should be performed In Septem
ber. That month came and passed,
however, and then, says Miss Elman,
Feldman told her that, he had ceased
to care for her and had made up his
mind not to claim her as his bridb. The
suit is the result of his alleged faith
lessness.
Mnsona Hear Oration.
At 'the session of the Grand Lodge
of Free and Accepted Masons yester
day the forenoon was taken up in the
presentation of reports by the several
committees. In the afternoon Rev. Ja
cob Nleto, grand orator, delivered the
oration. At the session to-day the
elective officers for the ensuing" Ma
sonic year>VrW he chosen and on the
following these, together with the ap
pointed ones, will be Installed.
HONOR MEMORY
OF GREAT MAN
Knights of Columbus Observe
Day That Is Named After
Discoverer of America
ARCHBISHOP OmCLITES
Large Gathering Listens to
a Solemn Seiinon by the
Eev. Father P. E. Mulligan
The Knights of Columbus in large
number attended St. Mary's Cathedral
last evening to join In the solemn ob
servance of Columbus 1 day. " ,
Pontifical vespers were celebrated by
Archbishop Montgomery and the ser
mon was preached by the Rev. Father
Mulligan, pagtor of St. Joseph's Church,
who said in part:
Thl« is a memorable anniversary, .which re
calls to us what the church has bsen In the
history 1 and development of this American
continent.
It was Catholic genius that conceived the
idea of a land beyond the seas; it was Catholic
generosity which encouraged the enterprise
and bounteously gay« the means to make it
a success. With the aid or Queen Isabella
Columbus set sail from PaJos. He invoked the
blessing of heaven upon b«» dangerous enter
prise: h« began his journey in the name or
Christ.
Every evening during those days of anxiouf
and doubtful wandering over the trackless
ocean he assembled bis men to stag the
Salve Reglna In honor of the Queen of Heaven.
His first act on reaching the new world
was an act of thanksgiving . to th« Almighty;
the land was blessed and ~ named for the
savior of men. The first fruits of his voyage
were dedicated to the service of God and the
Catholic church, for -there Is still preserved in
the treasury of the cathedral of Eaville a
chalice made of the first gold taken to Europe
by Columbus. ' ' - . !
You Knights of Columbus are the Inheritors
of Um>s# treasures of the past. To you has
been given the same faith which Inspired the
great Columbus. You will be Knights of Co
lumbus not -in name . only but In your lives
of Catholic faith and Catholic virtue.
Contents Brother'si Will.
A contest to the will of the late Al
bert Edgar Pratt was filed yesterday
by Alice M. Pratt, a sister of the de
ceased. Pratt devised his. $2000 estate
to the "contestant, Mrs. Ella Earnest,
and Alice M. Kegg, now deceased. The
contestant alleges that, as the only
surviving heir at law of the deceased,
she should have the entire estate, as
serting that when her brother made
the will he was not of sound mind
and was unduly Influenced by the late
Mrs. Keggr.
Site for Lowell High School.
Sage, Dealey & Co. yesterday sub
mitted an offer to sell to the city three
flfty-vara lots on Hayes street extend
ing: from Steiner to Pierce for the Low
ell High School site, deducting there
from the thirty-foot lot belonging, to
the city for $130,000. The price first,
fixed o:» the land was $175,000, but has
been reduced through consultation
with the owners.
ADVERTISEMENTS/
C According to Charles
Lamb it was once ne-
cessary to burn your house
down in order to have roast
pork. Advertising; has be-
come more exact and more
scientific. Less and less
money is wasted in large,
meaningless lists. The ad-
vertiser insists that every
publication upon the list he
* uses shall represent some-
thing; tangible. A large
blanket appropriation placed
in every possible publication
will not do as much good as
half that amount spent only
in real magazines with a real
advertising value, such as '
McCLURE'S. It is no more
necessary to burn money in
order to get adver tisin g than
it is to burn your house down
in order to get roast pork.
S. S. McCLURE COMPANY
A4-6O Kabt* 23d Street
YOUR HAT
Mar Be a Stylinh One, but It Mnkci
Trouble.
A man usually buys a hat that's "In
style." but the modern hat for men has
lots to answer lor.
Baldheads are growing more numer-
ous every day. Hats make excellent
breeding places for the parasitic germs
which sap the Hfe from the roots of the
hair..
When your hair begins to fall out and
your scalp is full of Dandruff it is a
sure sign that these countless germs
are busily at work. -\
There is but one way to overcome the
trouble and kill the germs — jthat way is
to apply Newbro'B Herpicide to the
sealp — it will kill the germs and
healthy hair is sure to result.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps" for sample to The Herpicide
Co., Detroit, Mich. At leading drug
stores or. sent prepaid from Detroit,
Mich., upon receipt of $1.00. -.;
11l THE
PALACE
HOTEL
Compresed Air cleaning Blast. \u25a0
\u25a04 Rcom t«l«pnone«.
Eteam beat and open fires.
j T Perfect Ventilation.
Pip* organ and orchestra.
Perfect aervlee.
Unexcelled cuisine.
Every luxury attainable.
4%BflK|.flfe Ammunition, Hunting and
\u25a0ll IB! &\u25a0 Sporting Goods. Largest
IHI stock. Lowest prices, tend
HI l IV \u25a0 A for catalogue.
UUIIW fiHREVE & BARBER CO..
. -^- 739 Market rt.7 and 521
v „/\u25a0\u25a0[ i '\u25a0 :'-::\u25a0• -.;-.- ' -:- Kearay rt.
JIISCBLLABfIEOUg >MPSEME?rrS.
BASEBALL!
AT RECREATION PARK.'
Seattle Vs. San Ffancisct)
wmi'; THURS. and > FR1DAY. ... : .3 :00 p. m.
Eaturday • i. ...... ..:**»'• •", ••'•• . ,......3:00 p. m."
UNDAT. • • .2:30 p. m.
Z. " \ , Admission." 35c ; Grand Stand, 50c. '
Woman's Kidney Troubles
Lydia E. PinKhairi's Vegetable Compound is Espe-
cially Successful in Curing This Fatal
Disease. ' •
Of all the diseases known, with Mrs. Samnel Frake, oi Prospect
which women are afflicted, kidney dis- Plains, N. J., writes :
ease is the most fatal. In f act, Tmless Dear Mrs. Pinkham: —
early and correct treatment is applied, I cannot thank you enongh far what L^di*
the \vearv patient seldom survives. E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound haidonf
n*. If, \u0084.,. -» r re i forme. When I first wrote to you I had *ox-
Being fully aware of this, Mrs. Pink- ferS for years with what the doctor called
ham. early in her career, gave exhaust- trouble and congestion of the womb,
ive study to the subject, and in pro- My back ached dreadfully all the time, and I
during her great remedy for woman's suffered so with that beariag-down feeling X
ills— Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable could hardly walk aerontha room. Idjdno*
Compound-was careful to see .that it «^%S&?£gs£ £X^S
contained the correct combination of ham . g V Jetable Compound and lam thank-
herbs which was sure to control tnat fu j to say it has entirely cured ma, Ido all
fatal disease, woman's kidney troubles. mT ovn work, have no more backacbo and
The Vegetable Compound acts' in har- all the bad symptoms have disappeared.
mony with the laws that govern the I cannot praise your medicine enough, and
entire female system. and while there would advise aU women Serins withlidney
are many so called remedies for kidney trouW« to try it. :? -. ; :
troubles, Lydia E. Pinkham's Vefre- Mrs. J. W. Lang, of 628 Third At*»
table Compound is the only one espe- nue. New York, writes':
cially prepared for women, and thou- Dear Mrs. Pinkham: —
sands have been cured of serious kidney I have been a great suffarer with kidney
derangements by it. Derangements of trouble. My back ached all the time and I
the feminine organs quickly affect the was discouraged. I heard tJbatLjr diaß
kidneys, and wf en a woman has such J^^S^&S^^Stß
symptoms as pam or weight m the aiml me hen eTer | tfitag else had failed,
loins, backache, bearing down pams. t j^g recommended it to low of people and
urine too frequent, scanty or high col- they all praise it very highly.
S"3£S£lK S*"SJf tafeS M»«»M»»rt Standtos to-
usual thirst, swelling of hands and feet. v«»"O"«
swelling under the eyes or sharp pains Women suffering from kidney
in the Back running down the inside trouble, or any form of female weak-
of her groin, she may be sure her kid- ness arc invited to promptly commnni-
neys are affected and shonld lose no ca te with Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn,
time in combating the disease with Mass. Out of the great volume of ex-
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- perience which she has to draw from,
pound, the woman's remedy for wo- it js more than likely she has the very
man's ills. " knowledge that will help your case.
The following letters show how Her advice is free and always help-
marvelously successful it is. ful.
Lvdla E Ptokham's Vegetable Gompcand : a Woman's Remedy for Wwnan'i Ills.
'_ _ \u25a0 AMUSE3IENTS.
GRAND OPERA
TO-XIGHT AXD TO-MORROW XIGHT,
OTELLO ~<-*\>.i
With Petrella. Grasse. Acgloletti, Salassa.
TO-MORROW MATIXEE,
SONNAMBULA
With TETRAZZIXI Bazelll. Gravlna.
SUNDAY NIGHT, I^V TRAVIATA
With TETRAZZIXI. Coppola. Gresroretti.
REPERTOIRE FOR NEXT WEEKi
TUESDAY XIGHT AXD SATURDAY MAT.
IL BARBIERE DI SIVIGUA
WEDXESDAY AXD SATURDAY XIGHTS,
CARMEN
With ALICE COLMAX as CARMEX.
THURSDAY XIGHT, SONNAMBULA
FRIDAY NIGHT, OTELLO
Seat* on Sale for All Performances.
BUSH S i RE.IT •
PHOXE MAIX 127. B
CHAS. P. HALL. Manager. *J
:v ; - 25c Matinee To-Day — Sat.. Sunday. 0
To-Nlsht and Every Evening;. fj
Sam Devere's Own |
\ Burlesque Co. I
Xoveltles In People, Chonts, Vaudeville, j
i. Costumes, etc. n
Evening Prices — 15c to 73c. Matinees, P
25c re«erved. y
KEIT— Kay Hmraiffs Grsat Burles^is Co. I
delectablFvaudeville!
- ARTHUR PRINCE;
Melant Trio i Browning: and Wally;
LESLIE & DAI LEY;
And Orphcura Motion Pictures.
Lnftt Times of Franx Ebert and C«m-
- pnuyt Carleton .llacy and Maud Edna
Hall I Dixon and Holmes and Hal
Merrltt.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
PR1CE5 .."..... ;...... 10c, 25c and BOc
GRAND SS5?£
MATINEE TO-MORROW— LAST 2 XIGHT3.
GEORGE ADE'SmSI^.
With theDAXDIESTBUXCH OFGIRLS EVER
BEG. NKXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
IN OLD KENTUCKY
Most Popular American Play Ever Written.
THE FAMOUS PICKAXIXXY BRASS BAXD.
" SATURDAY 'AFTERNOON AT 2 130.
TWO GREAT. VIOLINISTS!
HUGO HEERMANN
And His : Son EMIL HEERMA.VX
Programme Entirely New, Including Jcachlm
-\u25a0• . . - and Tschalkowsky Concertos.
Reserved Seats, |1 50, $1 and 75c. No-w oa
~nii 'TTjinrn mi if wffi rhsOTjiTiffwiisnj
NEXT ATTRACTION!:!
HAROLp^BAUiiR, Planlat
Monday and Thursday Evenings. Oct. Id and 19,
Saturday Afternoon, Oct. 21.
Reserved Seats, $2, |1 50 and SI. Xow on
Sale.-/ -- . '-•\u25a0:\u25a0 ---:\— \ ' '
\u25a0 Complete Programmes May Be Obtained at
tbe Box Office at Sherman. Clay. & Co.'s.
Coming to Alhambra— EMMA EAMES.
toeekLT CAIiL, $1.00 PEB YT.AK
A3IUSEMEXTS.
H. W. BISHOP Lessee and Manager
LAST THREE XIGHTS.
MATIXEES SATURDAY AXD SUNDAY.
BARNEY BERNARD
DC /
Roland Reed's Most Successful PUy,
HUMBUG
Xext Monday — Paul Leicester Ford's Effectual
Story of Colonial Life.
JXXICE MEREDITH
To follow — Frank Bacon la ta» "Oonaty
Fair." Soon — "The Light Eternal.'*
Tuesday, Oct. IT — Benefit Darina Parlor Xo.
114. Xative Daaghters of the Golden West.
THIS WEEK AVD XEXT WEEK.
NIGHTLY. Except Sunday — MAT. SAT.
ELEANOR RQBSON
In Her International Success,
"MERELY MARY ANN"
A Xatural Comedy by Israel Zaaxwlll.
Seats Selling for ail Remaining Performances.
Sunday, Oct. 22 — Andrew Mack. Followed by
| "The Prince of Pilsen." "Th« Sho Gun." *Th«
College Widow." "The Chajseron*," W. H.
Crane.
A T «O ATA T"> B* 1 *** 0 * Mayer.
ALCAZAR ?&%&.
Business Manager.
TO-XIGnT — MATS. SAT AND SUH.
All Fun and a Yard Wide
WHAT HAPPENED
TO JONES
LEXORA KIRVTIX as Belma, th« Sw«d*.
Eves.. 23c to 75c: Mats. Sat.. Sund., 23c to 50c
MATIXEE NEXT SUNDAY.
NEXT MONDAY — Tfce Great Romance
Of the American Civil War Period.
THE CRISIS
From Winston ChurchUTs Xo»tl.
Market Street. Xear- Eighth: Opp. City HilL
Phone South 533.
* TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING.
3IATLVIUJS SATURDAY A.YD MNDAf.
Stupendous Scenic Production of tha Famous
Kentucky Melodrama,
YWHITECAPS.
By OWEX DAVIS.
Popular Prices — Evenings. 10c to 50c Mati-
nees, 10c. 15c and 25c. gfciK
Oc*. tg-^*Tracfc*d Around the World."
DIAMOND COMEDY FOUR
And n Splendid Show ETery Afternooa
and Evening; In the Theater.
RIDE OX THE CIRCLE SWING!
VISIT THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD!
CAKE WALK SATURDAY NIGHT!
LAST WEEK OF
THE GREAT ZARROYV,
LEAPING THE GAP.
ADMISSIOX-. 10c I CHILDREN 5«
See the Bablea la the Infant laenhatorm.
T%T>TT OTTt? C FO R BARBERS. BAK-
DnLJOilljO *"• bootblacks bath-
XJXI \J WlliJW, houses. bHliani ta.bies.
brewers, bockblnders, candy makers, canaers.
drers flour mUla. foundries, laundries, pap«r-
hanKe'rs. printers, painters, shoe factories* »t*-
tUn.en. tar-roof er». ' tanners, tai^ra, eXc.
BUCH.VNAN BROS,
Brash Manufacturers, «O» sacrament* 51
910
SPORTS
MACK'S STARS HELPLESS
BEFORE BIG PITCHER.
Only Four Get Hits
and Eight Fan
the Wind.
Phillies Boot the Ball
All Over the
'hip lq
_l~ 1 V,i vl»
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 12.— 1t was
all New York to-day in the tnird game
for the baseball championship of the
world between the National League
champions and the American League
pennant-winners. The visitors scored
nine runs, while the home team failed
to tally. The series now stands 2 to 1
in favor of New York.
Alatthcwson pitched another mag
nificent game, the Philadelphians hit
ting him for only four singles — the
•ame number of hits they made off him
Monday. Only one home player
reached second base. Coakley. the for
mer Holy Cross College pitcher, re-,
ceived poor support, - the American
Leaguers putting up one of the worst
exhibitions of fielding they have been
guilty of this year on the home
grounds. Murphy was the chief of
fender. He fumbled three grounders at
critical moments and Hartzell dropped
a fly ball. The usual good headwork
of the home players was missing. New
York played an easy game.
New York started off with a rush in
the first inning. Bresnahan was - hit
by a pitched ball. Browne fouled out
to Lave Cross, who held Bresnahan on
first. Donlin singled, Bresnahan go
ing to third. McGann also singled, on
which Donlin moved to third, while
Bresnahan scored the first run. Then
Murphy fumbled Mertes" grounder, al
lowing Donlin to score. Dahlen waited
for four balls, filling the bases. Devlin
chopped a grounder to Coakley, who
threw McGann out at the plate, and
Schreck made a quick throw to first,
heading off jJevlln, completing a double
play.
GIANTS SCORE FIVE RL'-VS.
Excepting a muff by Hartzell of Me-
Gann's fly in the third inning, the New
Yorker 6 went out in order in the sec
ond, third and fourth innings. The
fifth inning was'a distressing affair for
the home rooters. Matthewson went
out on an easy grounder to M. Cross.
Bresnahan was given a base on balls.
Murphy fumbled Browne's grounder,
Bresnahan going to third, and Browne
took second on the throw to catch
Bresnahan at third. Donlin was pur
posfcly given four balls, filling the
Then Murphy fumbled McGann'i easy
grounder, Brcsnahan scoring. A single
by Mertes to right sent Browne home.
Dahlen forced Mertes at second, on
which play Donlin scored and a mo
ment later Dahlen stole second while
Coakley held the ball. McGann scored
the fourth run of the inning on Dev
lin's single, Dahlen going to third. The
Phlhidelphlans' signals went wrong, as
Devlin stole second and Dahlen slid
across the plate with the fifth run.
Gilbert, the ninth man up in the in
ning, sent a fly to Lord.
Powers relieved Schreck behind the
bat In the sixth Inning and in the sev
enth he threw two men out who tried
to steal second. Not a New Yorker got
to second base after the fifth until the
ninth, when, with two out, Browne
singled and stole second. Donlin got
a. base on balls and both runners
worked a double steal.
Powers made a good . throw to M.
Cross, who dropped the ball and
Browne was safe. McGann sent both
men home with a two-base hit. and a
moment later the New York captain
was caught napping at second by a
fine throw by Powers.
MATTHEWSOY THE WHOLE SHOW.
Of the thirty-two men who faced
Matthewson nine reached first. Hart
zell. the first man up in the first in
ning, was safe on Devlin's fumble of
his grounder. He stole second and
was caught between the bases on Da
vis' fielder's choice. Seybold got to
first In the second on Matthewson's
only base on balls and was forced out.
In the second M. Cross singled and
\u25a0was left at first. In the seventh Davis
singled and was thrown out going to
•econd after a foul fly had been cap
tured. Seybold singled in the same
Inning and never got away from first
base. In the eighth Coakley was hit
by a pitched ball after two were out
end the man who followed him was an
I Away With Drugs! I
j Come to Me and I'll Cure You I
i With Electricity. 1
jj /f^^K Have You Weak Nerves, Failing or Lost j|
r li^&?ll Vital Power » Was -e of Strength, Varico- 1
J vtki^_st7 Ce * e ' >oor M e m°ry> Dull and Stupid Feel- .|j
bIOi ings, Lost Ambition, Weak Back and a |
II RTqj&J General Breaking Down? M
fJ f"*' sAf Have you doctored without benefit? Is H
! 1 / your stomach ruined from drugs and 19
1.l ft VV your money wasted? Are you tired of fg
fJ l\V M. X trying useless remedies? Then come to H
|l UkJ*^\ *f „ \ jA me. I have a positive and certain cure II
I 4_s\c-i4\^ Dr.icLaughlin's Electric Belt. I
11 ©2ii_. T . ou put unn when you so t0 bcd and El
i i _^§If§__k *•*^S-rf-^^a - sleep P eacof ul'y undor th»» Influence of its £5
H <s_«es : -S* * V* warming, vitalizing power. You awake R
11 «l__M_Ss»B_*»_>«-__^ y \ trT-l full of amb l t ion. with a healthy desire to H
ji WTmmjPgffTC»i^i tackle your day's work. Each day you W
\\ Wfßßffflw*s&&E£ ? a \ n " eW l K e from il and soon begin -to i
(3 J^3m/fiM^ l \&&&£ yourself a man among mr>n. Each U
hi E2&i£3/J i Ii r U' 1 *" 1 "\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 symptom of your trouble gradually dls- H
It \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0wr appears, strength takes the place of H
11 weakness, and your life is made happy by the restoration of your old tt
l| health and vigor. . . i. ."".. M
\£ San Martin, Cai. Wherever you are. I- X
r- Dr. Mclaughlin— Dear Sir: I cannot find .«• , T J . • H
X words to express my gratitude to you for the ulinK 1 Can give YOU H
H hflp your. Belt has been to me. The lame a\. _____ r . M
ji beck, thf tendency toward biliousness, and Ulc "anae OI 3. man in M
|. what "s<vi to trouble me most, the kidney \u0084m «\u25a0_,„_ • +U-* T u_ M
H complaint, are all gonf. I cannot give your yOUr tOWn tftat 1 have H
\i Beit too much praise for the pood it has done riir*»H Tiic*- C »-J i '_-,"_'\u25a0 Pi
U me It is truly a Godsend to mankind. tur ea« JuSt .Send me B
l£ Wishing you continued success in your good VOUT address anri 1-f- Efl
f j work. I i-main, youm gratefully, J *-*-.*,„„ aim ict • ksi
; a. f. tomkin. me try. |j
j _^E_a_lD -VfITST BOOK:. 1
t'i I have a book which every man should read. It tells facts that' are H
H of interest to every man who wants to remain young- in vitality at any Rl
I. age. Send for this book to-day. If you can't call. I mail it, sealed free H
12 If you call I will give you a free test Cut this out and act to-day. B
N Dr M C Mrl /lUCrhlin 906 Market Street. 1
It • Office Hours — 8 a. m. to Bp. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. " l|
MATTHEWSON AGAIN HUMILIATES ATHLETICS
games v^oasr.
NEW YORK .2 PHILADELPHIA.. : 7
SCORE OF YESTERDAY'S GAME.
XKW YORK— . AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Bresnahan, catcher 3 2 0 8 SO
Bronnr, right field ...5 2 2 0 0 O
Donlin, center field " ; 3 8 1 4 0 1
McGann, first base 5 1 3 10 1 0
Mrrtei, lett field 3 O 1 .0 10
Dahlen, shortstop ...3 1 0 2 0 0
Devlin, third base 4 0 .1 0 6.0
Gilbert; second base ...4 0 O 2 0.0
MnttheTrnon, pitcher 4 O 1 1 a 0
Totnln 34 0 0 27 13 1
PHILADELPHIA — AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Hnrtzel, left field 4 0 0 2 0 1
lx»r«I, center field ~. 4 0 0 3 0 0
Davis, first base '. 4 O 1 10 0 O
I- CroKs, third base 4. 0 1 2 1 0
Seybold. rlßht field 3 0 1 1 » *
Jlurpij-, necond base 3 0 O 2 2 3
31. Cross, shortstop 3 O 1 4 2 0
Scbreck, catcher 3 0 0 2 10
Coakley, pitcher 2 O O 0 1 0
Powers, catcher 1 0 0 2 3 0
Totals i 30 0. 4 27 10 4 |
SCORE BY INXIN'GS. '^V
Xew York ..2 0 0 0 '.5 ,0 0 0 2—92 — 9
Philadelphia ! 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 O o—o0 — 0
- SUMMARY.
Tiro-bau hit McGann. Stolen bases — Ilartzel, Dahlen, Devlin, Browne
(2), Dunlin. Left on bases — Philadelphia 4, New York 3. First base on
errors Xew York 3. Double plays — Coakley to Schreck to Davis; Schreck
to Davis; Bresnnhan to Gilbert. Struck out — By Matthevrson 8, by Coakley
2. Hit by pitched ball By Matthewson 1, by Coakley 1. Bases on balls —
Off Matthewson 1, off Coakley 5. Time of grnme — l" hour BO minutes. Um
pires—Sheridan and O'Day. Attendance, 12,000.
HOLMAN WILL
LEAD BABIES
Stanford Freshmen Choose
Portland Man to Captain
Team Against Berkeley
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 12.—
J. R. Holman. a graduate of the Port
land High School, was to-night elected
by the freshman team to lead them in
the Intercollegiate contest on Saturday
against Berkeley. The new captain
has heon at the quarterback position In
all of tho games? of the season, and it
is attributed to his headwork and en
courapement of the men that the car
dinal ponies have been so fortunate in
thf-Ir preliminary uames.
is the third man to hail
front the Portland HiKh School who has
made good. When the promising
quarter first appeared on the field for
practice and by his knowledge of the
game attracted the attention of the
coaches and rooters the question was
asked. "Who is he and where docs he
register from?" When the query was
ant-wered and it was learned the can
didate was a Webfooter and from the
same Institution^ that graduated
"Stump 1 Stoot, quarterback captain of
1907. and "Kenny" Fenton, the quarter
who won the contest single handed
from California last year, it was gener
ally predicted that the freshman, had
all the chance in the world to win and
that they would be led to battle by the
"Portland" qunrter. It is now rumored
that a man with quarterback abilities
is already chafing at the restraining au
thorities of the famous northern high
school and will enter Stanford next
year.
Holman is n member of the Zeta Phsl
fraternity, and Is registered in the en
gineering department. He is of the
average height, and is especially con
spicuous on the gridiron for his abil
ity to oarry the spheroid forward in a
scattered field many yards after he has
been tackled by the lirst opponent, be
ing able to "wriggle" through encircling
arms.
easy victim. With two out In the
ninth Captain L. Cross singled and
Seybold ended the game by striking
out. •"
The day was cold and raw for base
ball. The attendance was officially
announced at 10,991. the receipts $8348,
and the players' share $4507. The total
attendance of the three games is 53,938,
and the total receipts $40,072.
The teams will play In New York
to-morrow and Saturday. Plank and
Powers will be the Philadelphia bat
tery to-morrow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1905;
MURRAY WINS
CHAMPIONSHIP
Defeats Jack ZtlcLaughlin at
Boxing Show Given by the
Occidental Athletic Club
The Occidental Athletic Club's flstic
soiree drew -a three-quarter size audience
to Woodward's Pavilion last night arid
Manager Sam Berger had hl3 troubles.
President William Greer 'Harrison of the
Olympic Club questioned the standing of
the Occidental Club, refusing to sanction
the appearance, of any Olympians under
penalty of expulsion. Under such condi
tions Frank Flores refused to meet Jim
Bradley in the 135 pound class and Jim
McClair declined the bout with champion
Jack McLaughlln. the middleweight
Some very good sport was furnished
and while the show was a trifle slow in
getting under way, thereafter no fault
whatever could be found with the man
agement. Philadelphia Jack O'Brien was
introduced by Jerry Murnane and he re
ceived a warm welcome.
Champion Jack Mclaughlin had to play
second fiddle to George Murray in the
event of the evening, Referee Phil Wand
and the Judges. Buddy Ryan * and Fred
Garrett, deciding in favor of the latter at
the expiration of the four rounds. Mur
ray was substituted for McClair and
rushed matters from the outset. ' Mc-
Laughlin, a $10 to $3 favorite, seemed in
clined to slug and wrestle, which tactics
cost him the verdict.
In the curtain raiacr, Jimmy Carroll
and Eddie Lenny mixed it, the former
scoring on points. Then Mike Kutcho3,
the untamed Greek, and Frank Baronl
from Sunny Italy, both 110 pounders ac
cording to the menu, waded through four
troubksome rounds. Baroni won, causing
some dissension. Both agreed, however,
to sail on a fishing smack and all is well.
Joe Kelly "of the Occidental Club fol
lowed by outpointing Jack Doyle, another
125 pounder from Point Lobos. Willie
Conroy, who claimed to weigh but 118 took
Frank Flores' place and earned the de
cision. over Jim Bradley, 130 pounds. The
latter had style and confidence, but was
deficient in execution and aggressiveness.
A big favorite, Jim Kane, registered as
from Cow Hollow, had his wind bag
punctured by Jim Ford In the third round
of their bout. Each tipped the scales, at
130 pounds and a left hander accomplished
the trick. Kane got his second wind
when too late.
Two bantams, Harry Baker and Harry
Williams, followed. Williams posseses a
knockout drop in either glove but couldn't
find Baker's Jaw. In consequence he was
outpointed by the taller boy.
FAIR PLAYERS TO COMPETE
FOR REUBEN LLOYD TROPHY
The first annual ; tennis tournament
for the' women's championship of the
bay counties will be held on the park
courts to-morrow. The members of
the Golden. Gate Tennis Club Annex
have the affair In hand. Reuben H.
Lloyd has presented the club with a
handsome three- tlm* silver loving cup,
for which the young ladles will com
pete. The entry list is much smaller
than was expected and attracted no
players outside of the club. The draw
ings resulted as follows:
Preliminary round — Miss Bessie \u25a0 Cully - vs.
Miss A. Greenberr.
First round — Mrs. Wattson vs. Miss E.
Crystal; Miss Ida Means -vs. winner of pre
liminary round match; Miss Johns vs. Miss
Crocker; Miss A. Vodden vs. Miss Golda
Myer.
WHITE SOX GET A START.
CHICAGO, Oct/ 12.— The Chicago American
baseball team defeated the Nationals to-day in
the second game of the series. -Reulbach of
the Nationals was hit hard and was replaced
in the second inning by Brown. Donahue of
the Americans made a home run with two
men on bases. Attendance. 11,500. Score:
, R. H. B.
Americans .'. 7 8. 1
Nationals .'4 -13 3
Batteries — Altrock and McFarland; Reul
bach, Brown and Kllng. Umpires — Johnstone
and Connolly.
BOSTON, Oct. 12.— The local American
League team-by winning to-day's game has
only to win one game out of the remaining
three to take the series. The Nationals were
completely outclassed to-day. Attendance.
4000. Score :
Americans .....12 14* 6
Nationals ........... ..*...;........ 0 \u25a0 G 4
Batteries — Winter and Criger; Fraser and
Moran. Umpires— EJmslie and O'Loughlin
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 12.— The local, Natlonafand
American League teams battled ten innings to 1
a tie to-day, the game being called on ac
count of darkness. Attendance, 2300. Score:
Nationals y 3 i\
Americans ........... ..V 1 0 3
Batteries— McFarland and Grady; Powell and
Spencer. '\u25a0
STANFORD .UNIVERSITY. Oct. 12*1—
The final rally and j send-off of The
freshman football | squad , was held to
night, in. the Assembly Hall, ; The
meeting was warmly enthusiastic.
Speeches by Professor "Whitaker and
Dr. D." Charles Gardener representing
the faculty, were i received with much
merriment. Assistant. Coach -Bansbach
and Trainer. Dad Moulton also said a
few words. The entire squad was
cheered collectively and individually.
The new songs were (tried and the'af
fair brought to an enthusiastic finale
by a serpentine about the quad.
SEALS ALL WAIT
AND WALK HOME
Jones Gets Jimmies in fiie
Ninth and Hall Who Ke
places Him Is Even Worse
FOUR, RUNS COME OVER
Uncle Hank Is Handed the
Game After Siwashes Out
play Him From the Start
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
' (Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Oakland . ..38 28 .57 B Portland ...20 28.481
Los Angeles. 3l SO .508 San Fran... 3l 33 .484
Seattle _8 So .4SJ Tacoma 2« 31 .450
RESULTS OF GAMES.
San Francisco 4j Seattle 8. .
Los Aniceles Oj Tacoma 0. (Ten In
nings.)
Oakland 4; Portland 0. (One Inning.)
GAMES TO-DAY.
Scuttle at Sim Francisco.
Tncoiau at Los Angeles.
Oakland nt Portland.
If the Seals can get away with all
games as they did yesterday, Uncle
will not have to hire any stickers, for
base hltß will be no more use in this
league. The story of the ninth spasm
sounds like a tale from fairyland, but
it was truth nevertheless, though no
, fan would believe It unless the score
were shown him. Six men walked In
that period' and four runs came • in
without the aid of a hit and thus ended
a game. that looked in for Seattle every
inch of the way till the last round.
The Siwashes were leading 3 to 0
when the ninth hoVe In sight. All the
fans were making- their getaway,
for their hopes were already gone.
But O»car i Jones, who used to bask
in the smiles of the Brooklyn fans,
began to get the jimmies at this
particular stage of the game, for, after
pitching great ball for eight in
nings, he deliberately turned around
and passed Gochnauer, Waldron and
Spencer In a row.
The fans set up a howl that could
be heard many blocks away. Every
one knew that something was coming
off and the tone did not change in the
least when Manager Hall chased Jones
off the slab and called upon Charley
Hall to come to the rescue.
But he was not a whit better than
his predecessor. The first rattle out of
the box he booted a little grounder
from Waldron's bat. allowing Goch
nauer to register the first run.
Then he passed Mohler and Hilde
brand and tied up the score. The fans
were in a frenzy by this time and Hall
began to fade away. However, he
managed to strike Nealon out and
Householder forced Waldron at the
plate, making the second down. Hall
had a chance to pull himself out of the
hole at this stage, yet he issued an
other pass to Irwin and tossed the
game off to the Seals.
It was too bad to see the contest
end the way it did. .Tho Siwashes de
served to win, for they played the
game all the time, "while the Seals
acted like a flock of buuhers. Jones
was hit hard at tlmeß, but he had the
Indian sign on the Seals when they
needed a hit and up to the eighth had
them blanked with nine safe drives.
In the meantime Seattle managed to
get to Hltt when they were in need of
runs. During the fourth they walloped
him for fair and put two over. A pass
a steal and another hit In the fifth
allowed another to score and from that
time on they were riding eatjy till the
big blow-up came off in the last period
Ihe score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
Householder, r. f.... 4 0 1 o«_ 1 0
o?ch n nau 33 e b r.-.;:::::: 343 4 \u25a0? } ? 5 J ?
£»"»• ° 1 0.02.0
o ? 8 g 0 g g
••Spencer o 1 0 0 0 0 0
Tot * Is 34 4 0 1 27 20 1
SEATTLE.
B— «. 2b ; .. A o 3R o BI 1 I - S o BI ?t E 6
g»Vi. s i a i t I
SSSCvft « 0 0 0 2 10
btrelb, lb 4 i o a \u25a0.<> i J;
Kaphan. 1. f | 0 1 0 1 0 0
Lauterborn. 3b 8 1 1 l i o a
R- Hall. «... 3 0 2 0 4 3?
Jones. P • 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Blankenshlp, o 2 0 0 0 8 1 0
C Hall, p o 0 0 0 0 0 1
Totali <..... 83 8- 10 8 f26 14 2
for itm 1 *?Z W , n8 £ n ln __ th » ninth. "Batted
for Hltt In the ninth. tTwo out when winning
run was floored. .
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS
Seattle o 00210000—3
Baaehlti X 0 0 3 2 10 i 2—lo
San Franci»co... 00000000 H- A
Bm 8 hits 2 1 2 1 l{ 0 2
SUMMARY. V
_ HIU off Jone§ 9. Runs off Hall 4. Two
base hit*— Walters, Lauterboro. Wilson, Ben
nett. Sacrifice hlt«— Kane. Walters L&uter
born First base on errors— San Francisco 2,
5 * ~t 1# Flrßt baBe oa called balls— Off Hltt
2Loff Jone fl 5 off Hall 8. Left on bases-Son
Francisco 12. Seattle 10. Struck out— By Hltt
L" by. Jones 3. by Hall 1. Hit by pitcher—
Kaphan, Kana. Double play— Hall to Strelb
W lid pitch — Jon«a. Balk — Jones. Time of
same-2 hours. Umpire— Davis.
DARKNESS ENDS THE GAME.
Angela and Timers Battle Without Ef
fort for Ten Innings.
LOS ANGEL.ES. Oct. 12.— Darkness
terminated a ton-inning tie game to
day between Tacoma 'and Los Angeles,
with the score standing 6 to 6. Dillon's
batting was thefeature of ; the game,
the Los Angeles captain getting three
singles and a triple out of ; five times
up. Each team made four runs yinv in the
eighth inning. ' In the ninth Baum re
placed Nagle in the box. Score:
LOS ANGELES. vt / \u25a0;
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard, c. f.. ...... 4 2 1 1 .2 0 0
Flood. 2b 6 0 2 0.1 4 0
Smith. 3b ........... 5 o*oo 1 3 0
Brashear, 55. ........ 8 0 0 0 3 4 0
Dillon, lb ............ 6 2 4 2 14 2 0
Crsvath. r. f. ....... 2 1 0 0 2 '0 0
Ross; 1. f 4- 1 1( 0 2 0 0
Eagar, . c... .........3 0 0 0 3 8 1
Nagle, p............. 3 0 1 0 2 1 0
Baum, p 1 0 0 0 0 10
Totals ...1.. ....37 6 » 3 30 18' 1
; TACOMA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. !
Doyle, r. f..... ...... 6 0 1.0 1 0 ' 0
Sheehan. 3b ....... .6 0> 1 0 1 2 0
Nordyke.lb ........ 5. 1 8 - 0 12 0 0
Eagan, 55. ........... 4 1 2 0 1 2 0
McLaughlln, 1. f.~.... 5 1 1 0 3 0 0
Lynch, 0.f... .'..;,... 8 1 10 1 o 0
Cp-sey, 2b 3 1 2 .0. 3 .2.0
, Hogan. c... ;.'...... 4 ' 1 2 0 8 4-1
Emerson, p.. 4 0 1 0 0 10
:. \u25a0\u25a0--; -'i.--.v.;\u25a0 ,-,•/-., — — ' '
Totals ..: ...40 6; 14 0 30 11, 1
. RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los : Angeles . . 0 0 0:00 1 4 '•. 1 0 0— 6
Baße hits... 0 -1 0 0 1 2 4 1. 0 o—9
Tacoma .....0" 0 0 0 10 1 4 0 o—6
Base hits... 1 1 1 12' 1 1 5 0 I—l 4
1;<>~:.-Z I: - ';\u25a0 SUMMARY. ' "" -
Hits oft Nagle 13. Three-base hit— Dillon
Two-base : hita— Nordyke, Eagan. - Bernard
Flood 2. Ca«ey. McLaughlin. Sacrifice hits—
Hasan. Hogan. 'Eagar. Left on bases — Los
Angeles 4, Tacoma - 7. -\u25a0:• First base ' on .* called
balls — Oft Nagle 1, oft Emerson 3, oft Baum' lr
Struck out — By Emerson 0, . by, Nagle ; 1, . by i
CEDERSTROME COMES HOME,
THOUGH BOOKS LAY 25 TO 1
MARTHA GORMAN
HAS THE SPEED
In a Race With the Crack
Fillies at Latonia- She
Leaves the Bunch Behind
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 12.— A good card
was presented at I^atonia to-day, com
prising three selling and three purse
events. The tbird race, for three-year
old rillies, was the feature of the day.
Five of the best ones at the track start
ed. Martha Gorman won easily. Three
favorites won. On account of the cold
weather the attendance was slim. The
track was slow. Summaries:
i FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and ud; telling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
sto 2— Santon, 110 (Morris) 8 4 % 1 1
7to I— Jigger, 112 (Treubel) . . . ; . 2 5 1 2 1
11 to s— Jack Ratlin, 115 (Nlcol).. 12 13 1
Time, 1:15 2-5. Start Kood. Won driving.
Winner, Denny Bros.' br. h. (5) by Golden
Garter-Santa Rita. Sid Silver 111. Lochgoil
114, Layson 111, Cardinal Wolsey 112, Edna
Tanner 103, Bell Toone 116, Ethel Keckler 107
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— MiIe and seventy yards; '
three-year-olds and up; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
sto 2— John Lyle, 90 (Swain).. 1 12 11%
6to 1— Har'kis. 101 (Heffernan) 2 3 2 2 1
13 to 10— Fonsoluca. 101 (Morris). 5 4 13 1
Time, 1:40. Start good. Won -easily. Win
ner. W. H. Laudeman's br. g. (3) by Lamp
llghter-La Poupee. Maie Hanlon 100, Dr. Wang
105. Depends »5, Tete Noir 08 finished as
named. :\u25a0:''". ' '. '-'•'.
1 THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-old
fillies; purse: _
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6to 5— M. Gorman, 102 (Vndrbt) 4 12 11%
11 to 5— Royal Lgnd. 107, (NIcol) 2 2 2.23
18 to s— lntense, 107 (Hicks) 1 4 2 33
Time, 1:11 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. B. ReSDess" b. f. by Sir Dixon-
Sallee McClellan. Regale 102, Katherine I*.
102 finished aa named.
FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse: .
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
11 to s— Hot Toddy, 109 (Treubl) 11114
11 to 20— Kargut. 109 (Ha 11)... 4 2 4 2 8
25 to I— Sherrlll. 90 (Morris).. 7 4%35
Time, 1:09. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner W H. Laudeman's b. c. by Sempronlus-
Hot Scotch. Dick Brown 100, Come On Sam
106. Ensley 109, J. C. Clem 98 finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— Ono and an eighth miles;
four-year-olds and up; selling: - . :; i_ :;
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to I— Eclectic. 104 (Mclntr) 1 1 H 1 n
100 to I— Ultra Virea.W) (Swain) 3 2 % 2 3
9 to 10— Dr Hart. 107 (Allen). 7 4 13 6
Time, 1:57. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. P. H. Jones' b. g. (4) by Henry of Xe
varre-Enchantress. Royal Anna 99, Frank Me
90, Curate 104. Mint Bed 99, Sea Shark 105.
finished as named, v
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-old
fillies; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
11 to 20— Sis. France»,loS (NIcol) 8 lh 11
16 to s— French Nun.loo (Mcln) 3 3 12 1
12 to I—Anita.1 — Anita. 100 (Morris)... 6 5 Vi 3 2
Time, 1:02 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. A. Baker & Co.'s eh. f. by Ben
Strome-Sarah Ramey. Nun's Veiling 100. An
gelic 100, Pretty Nellie 101, Miss Coesettc 100,
Lady Tara«con 102, finished aa named.
ff £• J LATOXI A EIVTRIES.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 12. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Latonia:
First race, six furlongs,' selling— Veranda 99,
Agnes Virginia 99, Ethel Davis 100, Fiasco
100, Major Carpenter 100. Henry Ach 102. Odd
letta 104, Alarmont 104, Marco 104, Love Note
104 Judge Traynor 104, Roscoe 106, Azeline
10"i Felix Mozze» 107.
Second race, one mile, selling — Lionel 02, The
Pet 92, Signai Light 92. Heidelberg 05, Paul
95, Neva Welch 08, The Trifler ICO, Sneer 106.
J P. Mayberry 107, Oro Viva 111, Eleanor
Howard 101, Nine 101, Gracious 101, Muno
chord 101.
Third race, six furlongs — Anna Smith 102,
Grace Wagner 102, Valencia 102, Follow the
Flag 102, Inspector Girl 102, Minnehaha 102.
Woggle Bug 102, Mac Lynch 10_. Santa Lucia
106. Queen Caroline 100.
Fourth race, steeplechase handicap, short
course — Out Shine 125, Blue Mint 127, Jim
Tyrrell 134, New Amsterdam 134, Light* Out
136, John E. Owens 137, Jim Bozeman 137.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Pete
Vinegar 100, Tom Crowe 103, Sat Elkins 103,
Baby Joe 103. Adesso 103. Prince of Pless
103. Henry Morn 103, George A. Knight 104,
i Windshield 111, Marvin Neal 111. Telegrapher
103 J. C. Clem 100, Topo Cliico 104, The
Mate 107.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Lady Belalr 85 Dungannon 95, Light Opera.
95.^ Lee King 95. Alinda 96. Gold Bell 98,
1 Falernlan OS, Plautus 100. Gravina 100, Athena
100, Sister Lillian 100, Jake Greenberg 103,
Martin 95, Flaklanfl 100.
IjATOIVIA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Veranda, Agrnes Vir
elnia, Judge Traynor.
Second race— Eleanor Howard, On
Viva, The Pet.
Third rnce— Follow the Flaer, Grace
Wagner, Valencia.
Fourth race Jim Boienan, Jim Tyr
ell, Blue Mint.
Fifth "race — Marvin Neal, The Mate,
Baby Joe. ~' '
Sixth race — Grnvlnn, Falkland, Fa
lernlan. *
Weather fair. Track good.
Trotting Circuit Results.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 12.— Kentucky Trot
ting Horse Breeding Association rasultai
2:18 class, trotting (unfinished from Mon
day), purse $1000 — The President won third,
fourth and fifth heats In 2:00%. 2:09^,
2:11%. Boreazelle won second heat In 2:10%.
Tat T won first heat In 2:10%. Imperial
Allerton, Joe N. Belfast. Nancy Holland,
Edna. O also started. *\u25a0
The McDowell. 2:00 class, trotting, value
$3000 — Angiola won .' first, second and fourth
heats In 2:00. 2:09, 2:11%. Red Lace won
third heat in 2:11%. Direct View, John Cald
well \u25a0 and Robert Mo also started.
' The Lexington, trotting, two-year-olds, value
|2000 — Sllke - won first and second heats and
race In 2:17%, 2:18%. Governor Francis, Ed
Custer, Bud Bonner and Lavoldi also started.
2:10 class, trotting, purse $1000 — Gold Dust
Maid . won first, second and fourth heats In
2:13%. 2:12%, 2:11%. Norrie. Brownie Wil
ton, Hall Fry and Pat Ford also started.
2:06 class, pace, purse- $1200— Hazel Patch
won first and second heats and race in 2:06%,
2:OC'%. J. McKlnley. Red Bud, Fantlne.
Foxy Curd, Abbie Stratbmore. Peruna and
Riley B also started.
The West, 2:29 class, trotting, value $2000—
Albert C won three straight heats In 2:13%,
2:l2V*. 2:13%. Etnma Brook, Danube and
Billy B aleo started:
\u25a02:08 class,; pacing,, first division, puree,
$1000— Stein won three straight heats in
2:07%, 2:06%, 2:07%. Texas Rooks-, Nancy
H, \u25a0 Larry Winter, Kruger, and Baron Roger
also started. ' ' : • . •
•-2:15 class, pacing, purse $1000— Gratt won
three straight heats In 2:11, 2:10, 2:10%.
Harold Brooks, William C, Llllle R and Black
Patchen also , started.
Results at \u25a0• Spokane.
SPOKANE, Oct. 12.— Results:
2:25 pace— La!dy Smith won," Gold 1 Rose sec
ond. Carlyle third. Best time, 2:20.
Five furlongs, selling— Sad Sam won, Classic
second. Estella third. Time, 1:04.
\u25a0 Four furlongs, selling — Sir Christopher won.
Scorcher second. Swift -third. Time. :54. •
% Spokane' Derby, one and an eighth miles,
purse • -$1000 — Follow Me won, Salable second
Royalty third. Time. 1:59. - -';>
.Six -\u25a0 furlongs, selling — Miss Raphael won.
Rosebud 6econo>, Golden Light third. Time
1:18. . .
Baum 1. Passed ball — Eagar. "Wild pitches
Nagle, •- Emerson. , Time of \u25a0 game : 2 hours and
5 minutes. . Umpire— Perrlne.
Rain Stops the Game.
->/,\u25a0; PORTLAND. Oct. 1 2 —Rain stopped
to-day's* game ; at the beginning -of the
second inning after Oakland had land
ed on^Forry for four runs and as many
hita. - . \u25a0
Glen Echo Is the Good
Thing, but Never
Gets Start
Merry Lark Manages to
Hang on Till the
Last Sprint.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW. YORK. Oct. 12. — Cederstrome, at
25 to 1. to-day raced home In front In
the Ramapo handicap. Glen Echo was
the good one. and was played from 2!_
to 9 to 5. -whllo Merry Lark and Coy
Maid were al3o played. After the start
Bedouin went to the front, and with
Merry T^ark raced a length apart until
they reached the stretch, when Coy
Maid and Cederstrome joined them and
the four ran close together to the last
sixteenth, when Cederstrome came
through, and. taking the lead, held it
to the end. winning In a drive by three
parts of a length from Merry Lark,
which beat Bedouin half a length for
the pla«:e. Summary:
FIRST RACE— One mile; »«Uln«; t-re*-y«ar
olds and up t
Betting. Horse-. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to I— D'Arkle. 87 (Miller) 112 12
6 to I— Columbia G1r1,105 (Rml) i 5 n % b.
10 to I— York. Lad.lOO (Perrine) 9 4 13 3
Time. 1:40 2-5. Start fair. Won ea«lly.
Winner. T. D. Sullivan's b. g. by Arkle-Da
reka. King Pepper, Tyron. Suffice. Pronta,
Consuelo 11. Lord Badge. STada, Ida Davis.
Carrie Jones finished as named.
SECOND RACK— Harbor Hill steeplechase;
about two miles; three-year-olds :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to B — Delcanta, 140 (Owens).. 2 1 h 1 c
10 to I— Fallaheen. 133 (Carhart) 8 5^26
20 to I—The1 — The Doctor, 132 (Helder) 3 6 ?* 3 10
Tiro*. 3:59 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Sir. Cotton's bl. a by Del Paso-Canta.
Campo, The Lad, Pacettl, Herculord, Red War
rior. Outeaora finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; «ellln«; maid
en two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to I— Cassandra, 8d (Miller). 4 2 112
13 to 6— Nostromo. 100 (Romnlll) 5 1 h 2 H
20 to I—Turkey1 — Turkey Foot. »7 (Sewoll) 1 \ h S h
Time. 1:02. Start stra«flinK. Won driving.
Winner. G. M. Odom'i eh t. by Horoacope-
Seeress. iFlorazonde, Philador. OrMamme, The
Scold, Sir Tristan, Delmore. Elevation. Usury.
Rickey, Nlantic, Pepper Pod. Wlckford. The
Clngalle, Stalactlcal, Golden Arms, lolanda,
Babe B finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds; the Ramapo handicap:
Betting. Home. Weight, Jockey. St. 9i Fin.
25 to I— Cederstrome, 9s (Miller) .4 5 1 1 %
11 to 6— Merry Lark. 115 (aNell) 5 2 h 2i»
Cto I— Bedouin 120 (Shaw).'... 3 11 3 1
Tune, 1:53 l-o. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, R. W, Nelson's b. c. by Ben Strome-
Lasca. Coy Maid. Glen Echo Sir Brillar and
Yon Tromp finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2to I— Red Knight 110 (Miller) 16 IB
Btol— Bryan. 104 (Perrlne) 3 4^24
20 to I— Novena, IK) (McDaniel).. 4 1»j 3«i
Time, 1:40. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner. H. 9. P. Randolph's eh. h. by Knight of
Ellerßlie-BeUe Daly. Spring. True Wing and
Sals finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
Ito3 — Klamesha, 103 (Knapp). 2 lh 11
13 to s— lsraelite. 118 (Wiley) 6 5 210
20 to I—ironacodOT.1 — ironacodOT. 103 (Perrlne) 1 3 *4 3 10
Time, l:3t) 4-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. Oneck Stable's br. f. by Esher-Re
flectlon. Amberjack and Rebo finished as
named.
DELMOyr PARK ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Belmont
Park:
First race. on« mil*, selling I—Embarrassment1 — Embarrass
ment 108. Atwood 100. Martinmas 105. Ross
mond 103, Robador 105," Goldsmith 105, Head
Dance 108 Jos Lesser 102. Hippocrates 102.
Bronze Wing 102. Arrah Gowan 102. White
Ghost 102. Jack Young 100, Grand Duchess 00.
Palette 97, Thistle Heather 97. Xlnnasquaw
97, Red Ruler 97. Jack McKeon 97, Jan*
Holly 97. Platoon 94. Massa. 94.
Second race, six and a half furlongs,
selling, straight course — Azora 100. Humpty
Dumpty 89. Water Tank BS, Miss Point ©7,
Sterling 06, Ruth W. 96. Birmingham 85.
Avlston 93, Cats Ey« 83. Wes 81.
Third race, mile and a. half, handicap—
The Southerner 126. Sailor Boy 120, Louis H.
119, Oro 114. Palette 114.
Fourth race, one mile — Ely Ben 110, Ano
dyne 107, Disobedient 107. Sufficiency 107.
Holscher 100, Moonshine 97.
Fifth race, Fordham highwelght handi
cap, seven furlongs, main course^ — Preten
sion 117, Aeronaut 117, Jocund lift, Ginnette
113, Oxford 111. Race King 108. Athlone 99,
Rose of Dawn 99, Ancestor 93, Diamond Flush
90 Black Prince 00. Incantation 104.
Sixth race, six furlongs, main course — Roso
ben 130. Crown Prince 11$. Consideration
115 Clifton Forge 113. Torchello 110. Diso
bedient 92. tlCk
BELMOVT PARK SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Embarrassment, Palette,
Joe Lesser.
Second race A-rUton, Aiora, We*.
Third race— 'Sailor Boy, Oro, The
Southerner.
Fourth race— Disobedient, -Anodyne,
Jlolscher. " -^;-
Fifth mce — Athlone, Rose of Dawn,
Jocund. . -'
\u25a0Sixth rnce— Roseben, Disobedient,
Clifton Forge.
Weather clear-. Track slow.
FOUR PLAYERS REMAIN
IN THE GOLF TOURNET
Misses Bishop, Curtis, Keys and Mae
kay Meet in the Final Round
To-Day.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. — Out of the
sixty-six starters In the women's na
tional championship golf tournament,
which began last Monday at the Mor
ris County Club's links at Covent
Station, N. J., onlr four survived at th©
end of to-day's play. These are Miss
Georgiana Bishop, the present cham
pion, Bridgeport, Conn.; Miss Margaret
Curtis, Essex County, Mass.; Miss Keys,
Concord, Mass, and Miss Pauline Mac
kay of Oakley, Mass.
The pairs In the semi-final to-morrow
will be Miss Grace Keys vs. Miss Mar
garet Curtis, and Miss Bishop vs. Miss
Pauline Mackav.
Romnlns Ready for Action.
The new arena at the Presidio Ath
letic Grounds In which Romulus will
wrestle a wild steer has been erected
and Is more than twice the size of
the one used lait Sunday. A long
fence extending: across the entire field
and' directly in front of the grand
stand has been built to keep the crowd
from surging around the Inclosure.
Romulus now claims that he will have
no difficulty in throwing the animal
thia time. He is so sure. In fact, that
he will conquer the animal that he has
agreed to give v to charity the sum of
$500 if he falls In his attempt. Ro
mulus has fully recovered from the
injuries received in 1 his mix-up with
the Terrossa steer last Sunday.
Raclnar at Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 12.—The second I
race meet of the Sonoma County Drlv- '
ing Club was held here to-day at Pierce
Brothers' track. There was a good nt
tendance. J The principal event was a i
mixed road- race of four. heats. Th«»re '
were four entries and each took n heat
The time in each event was the s«m-'
2:33%. Welladay. Carrie B. and LJUIS
were the winners of the othtr events
BIT
R. A. SMYTH
ANOTHER TIE
AT BERKELEY
California Fails to Score
Against Football Elevtu
From Oregon University
CONTEST IS EXCITING
Webfooters Show Fine Team
Work, but Opponents Are
Too Strong to Be Beaten
The California and University of Ot»
gon football teams played a tie game on
the Berkeley gridiron yesterday. The
score should have been two touchdowns
strong in favor of the home eleven, but an
offside play spoiled one chance and a
fumble the other. The visitors cama
close to scoring a field goal and winning
the contest four minutes before th© end
of the last half. r "
The game was replete with sensational
plays and It looked like anybody's victory
after the Intermission. During the first
half California outclassed the youths from
the wet country, but tha Blue and Gold
supporters grew careless. Off3ide play
and fumbling were frequent on the part
of both elevens.
The Northerners played a great game.
Save for their offenses against the rules,
they could hardly have done better. Their
interference was splendid, they tackled
well and every member of the outfit got
into the play. Moullen, well known in San
Francisco, saved his team from beta*
beaten by hla punting on two different oc
casions. Besides that he came close to
winning a victory on a place kick. Moores
on left end made three runs of twenty
yards or better around- California's left
end.
BERKELEY 3IUCH IMPROVED.
Line plays did not prove profitable for
the visitors and when they were tried a
punt was forced or the Blue and Gold
secured the ball. Friessell. who played
so well for Nevada tn other years, was
somewhat of a failure. He never gained
his distance but once during the gama
and wag often downed for a loss. When
Oregon tackles Stanford next Tuesday,
the public will begin to be able to get a
line on the two big teams from this State.
In yesterday's game the players for
the Blue and Gold were Inexcusably
careless In handling the ball. Th«
ground was dry and no one had
greased the pigskin. Offsfde plays
came too frequently to be forgiven.
Force. Kittrelle and Snedlgar \tpn
most of the honors for the team. Caß
fornia got the ball to within fifteen
yards of the Oregon's Hn*> ten minutes
after the start and then lost it on
downs. Shortly afterward the Blue
and Gold players carried the pigskin to
within ten yards of their opponents'
goal, but were set back five yards for
an offside play. A few moments later
the ball was again six yards from a
touchdown and was fumbled for a loss
which could not be made up.
OREGON KICKS DOWN FIELD.
Oregon managed to kick down the
field out of the danger zone and the
half ended with the ball in California's
possession on her own fifteen-yard line.
In the second half, the teams seemed
to be pretty ' evenly matched as a re
sult of substitutions made by Coach
Knibbs. The only time there was real
danger of scoring was when Moullen
tried for his _roal from the field from
the thirty-yard line.
On the whole the California team is
progressing splendidly. however. It
may not be as strong as the Cardinal
outfit of last year at the opening of the
big game, but it will know more mod
ern football and show as much speed.
The weather was "fine for football
yesterday and the big crowd In attend
ance enjoyed the contest Immensely.
Pette Smith was an Ideal referee. Ha
refuses to stand for any argument and
hurries the game along In the proper
way. The managers could not get a
better man for the big game. The um
pire was Hammond of West Point and
hi* duties were performed In a satis
factory manner. The line-up follows:
California. Positions. Oregon.
Coogan Klliott R-E-L. Moore*
Stow. Force R-T-L Arnspeiger
Stern R-G-L Moullea
Haffey Center Hug, Spencer
Foster, Gray L.-G-R ....... — McKtnnay
Richardson. Hush. . .L.-T-11 Earl
Jordan, Ksttrelle. ...L-E-R Chandlet
Whitman. Boothe. ..Quarter Latourette
Snedlgar. Luce R-H-B Frlessell
Meade Oolcher L-H-B Templeton
Sperry. Helmka Fullback Kerroa
The halves were twenty-fIT» an- twenty
minutes.
MRS. TRAVERS* CASE DISMISSEXV-Th*
caso of Mr«. Laura Travers. charged with fel
ony «mt>«zzleraent. was dismissed br J_dg»
Cook yesterday on motion of, the District At
torney on the ground that tae •\u25bcIdeac* tv In
sufficient to convict. She was accused of «m
bezzllng a piano valued at #167 belonging to
the Pommer-Eilera Music Company on Namn
ber 1. At her trial on February IT ths Jury
disagreed.
HUNTING
. Is one of the most enjoy-
able sports known to
> mankind, and Marqucttc
Whiskey adds joy to the
chase and health and
comfort when the day's
work is don«.
Take it to the woods
with you.
i
Grommes & Ullrich
Distillers
Chicago, 111.
SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH
' S Brato Street j
MarQiiefteLINERS TAKE MANY PASSENGERS
Sonoma and Korea
Start Across
Pacific
Insurance Man Is
Almost Carried
to Sea.
The liner Sonoma, for the Antipodes,
and the Korea, for the Orient, took
their departure yesterday afternoon
and tach carried a large number of
passengers. Amonfr thos« on the So
noma were the passengers who started
for Honolulu September 30 <jn the Ala
meda.
The Sonoma carried more than 360
passengers and among those for Aus
tralia were many wool buyers. The
Korea was crowded to her full capa
city, having 202 cabin passengers, 375
Chinese and 100 Japanese.
C. F. Mullins, a local insurance man
furnishf-d the only excitement attend
ing the Korea's departure. He paid no
attention to the ail-ashore gop.;s,
whistles and bells and even Captain
Anderson's leather-lunged chant, "All
visitors ashore." failed to reach Mul
lins' ears. Ho was saying good-by to
somebody, and parting proved such
sweet sorrow that he lingered over his
farewells until after the gangway had
been hauled ashore and the lines cast
off.
\u25a0 Mullins reached The place where the
gangway had rested in time to see the
stretch of water between ship and
wharf widening far beyond the Jump
ing distance.
"Call your ship back. I am not a
riasseiiger. I want to get ashore."
cried Mullins to Alexander Center.
Center glared at him and resumed
his conversation with Wharf Superin
tendent Hnuxhurst.
Mullins appealed to Captain Wilson.
"Come back with the pilot. You have
ro business here," was all the com
fort the insurance man received in that
quarter.
Meanwhile the Korea was getting
farther from the wharf.
"Oh, officer, officer! 11 yelled Mullins.
addressing a Custom-house inspector.
"Will you take a message and tele
phone it for me?"
The inspector nodded.
As the Korea got farther from the
wharf Mullins had to shout louder and
by this time several thousand people
were all attention.
"Ring up West — "
Here the Korea's siren rilled the air
with a long blast.
Ring ur> West — "
Two whistles to some passing craft
again shut off the message and by this
time the distance was so great that
Mullins was turning black in the face
with the effort to make himself heard.
Then Mullins spotted a friend on the
wharf.
"Say, old man. ring up West 21. Tell
ray wife Ive — "
There was another whistle and Mul
lins gave it up.
But he did not have to depend upon
the pilot's hospitality. The tug Arabs
was hailed by Captain Seabury and
Mullins and a Pacific Mail stenograph
rr. who also had failed to read the
eigns of approaching departure, were
transferred to the towbOat and landed
on the wharf.
Captain Seabury's stay on his farm
has not affected his ability to plow
the sea_ The new wharves now pro
jecting beyond the old one have left
tho berth at which the Korea was ly
ing in a rather awkward sort of
rocket. Other _capta ins have had diffi
culty in getting their vessels away,
even with towboats to assist. Sea
bury, however, started the Korea at
full speed astern and the next bell he
sounded was the "full speed ahead,"
\u25a0when she was straightened out on her
course.
The Korea's passengers included:
For Honolulu — Mrs. J. G. Aujrur. Master
Mo«-rfs Aucur, B. Oartwrißht Jr., Miss Gent-
M*>ve Dou-spu, Vivian Rilie. W. Fisher. W.
K. Foster. Mrs. W. R. Tenter and child, Mrs.
«'. A. Graham and infant. Miss Olga. Hi*-I
lwrn. Hugo Hauntbenr. Wtlliam Herbert, W.
H. HoegF. Mr?. \Y. H. Hooks and two <-hlt
drf>n. Ml** CL F. Hemr nway. USaa J. E. John
son. John Kidwell, Fr*<J P. Knlpht. Mrs. Fred
P. Kniirht. J. F. Jiorsran. Miss J. Morrison,
Mrs. A. H. Otis, Miss Thelma Tarker. Vf.
I'uHar. Mm W. Puilar, K. Ro««*!t*rK, W. O.
Fmith, Mrs. W. O. Smith. James Scott, Charles
Fimppon. Mrs. CharlPS Simpson.
Yokohama— Mips A. A. Acock, Jaf]U<-s AT*l
lini. Mrs. O. \V. Bihhop. S. Bodlick. Miss C.
Curtis and maid. Miss A. Curtis. Rev. B. \V.
Collins. Rev. G. R. Dye. Alfred Edye. Herbert
I-i3y<». T. Alfred Edye, Augustus Floyd. Mm.
Aujrustus Floyd. A. Orat-t. J. L» Jensen.
M'onß Kal Kah and servant. Rev. P. H. J.
I><=TTCjro. Mr«.. P. H. J. I^errego. E. C. Morse,
Mrs. E. C Morne and two children. Mrs. G. t>.
Myers nnd maid. E. S. Macfarlane, Mr?. E.
F. Maefarlan*. Ll-euter.am Douglas Mac Arthur,
XJ. F. A.; T. Nomura. Bishop William H.
O'Connell. Miss Inga Petterson. Miss E. 1...
Rolman. Mrs. M. H. Rogers, Mrs. E. H. Stur
tevar.t. Mas Surth. Mrs. Max Surtli and child,
Miss Maruar»t Suman. Rev. P. J. Supple.
Kobe — H. E. CoUbran. Mrs. H. E. Collbran.
B. F. Dillingham, Mrs. F. J. Kuhne. Mlfb E.
Robinson. Miss K. Roach. F. W. Schwer. Mrs.
T". TV. Sehwer and Infant, C. B. Tenney. Mrs.
C. B. Tenney.
N*a«SFaki— Rev J. G. Bawn. Mrs. J. G.
Bawn. Mrs. N. E. Jones, Mrs. E. B. Leigh,
C H. Miller. Mrs C, H. Miller, George Pal
mer. Mrs. J. A. Ross. T. D. Witt.
Fhasirhai — Mrs. Ray Alnsworth. Rev. Stan
ley Carson, Mrs. Stanley Carson. Miss M. E.
C"overt. B. F. Cclvln. Rev. Sylvester Espela#e,
Ilev. A. L». Fraser, Mrs. A. I* Fraser. Louis
Fa«a, Miss Annie JfrWrss. Rev. r. G. Lewi*.
Mrs. C. G. Lewi* and two children and Infant.
Mrs. M. Marsha!!, A. Peterson. Rev. j. t.
Proctor, Mrs. J. T. Proctor. Master Paul Proc
tor. Mxuster Downing Proctor. Miss Helen
Proctor.
Honrkons: — Mrs. B. J. Adams. C. F. Ben-
Tiett. R. G. Braschl. W. F. Barnes, Henry
Bemhardt, Miss Erallie Bretthauser. Miss fc.
Hlauvelt, Mr. Chorroan, J. W. OrotNiley, H _
C. Dfnror.. P. Daulricourt. H.- T. Edwards.
C C Follmer. George Fester. C. A. Graham,
Mrs. C. H. Halllday. J. F. Hillier. F. H.
Hardy. Major J. O. Hutchinson. W. Holmes,
J. C. Hsnna. Dr. C. H. Halliday. E. H. Hull.
A. R. Hunter. Mlf* Mabel E. Harrison. Rev.
Robert Johnson. Mrs. Robert Johnson and In
fant. Mrs. M Kelly. S. Lamb Jr.. F. L.
EJopS. Mrs. CL R. Llijd. Rev. G. W. Lewis.
Mrs. G. W. Lewis. H. G. I^ocke. Miss E. M.
Lloyd. C A. LonpstrMh. Mn?.. C. A. Long
rtreth. F. W. Lyttnn. J. W. Manpln. G. E.
Maynard. J. C. Muermnn. Mrs. J. C Muer
rr.f.n. Mies-B. Malson. Master Hero- McLain.
E. Mueller. Miss C M. McLeod. Mm. C. C.
McLaJn. H. W. Morris. Chnrles Martin. Mrs.
M. Nau!t. W. H. North. Mrs. W. H. North.
Mlps Gladys NTth. A. H. Oldenhoure. Miss
Nell O"Hiv»r. Mn=. P. V.'. Pitcher. Miss R.
K. Peter». Francis L. Pott*. Mr?. Francis L.
Potts. W. E. Pnrsons. H. W. Peerre. Mis* L.
Peters. F. W. Ras?, Mrs. M. 11. Rlchey. Miss
Hf-let) Roeder. Mrs. L. L. Ftaley. Rev. H. E.
Ftilwejl, tSrtt, H. E. Ftilweli. .T. T. Snyder.
Georre f-'nvder Jr.. Mrs. C. S. S;>»uldi»e. Miss.
Anna Ftaiey. J. Tonbean. L. H. Westdahi.
\u25a0Li^ufer.ar.t A Wocflcv. H. P. WiII!t«. W. C
Wlnchffter. M. A. Wfcinplf. D. B. Wain
wrWrht. Mrs. D. B. Wainw-r'ght. J. E. "Wll
liamfon. F L. White. .
J(Mn at Honolulu — J. L. M'-Ciilloch. Mrs. J.
L. MrOuiVich and daughter. Miss L. TZ. Lyons.
Sf'lMt M. B- Norton. V-./«
Harbor Commission Mwlfc
The Harbor Conual««to«r« yrsterday gave
tb* Southern Pacific Company permission to
tnilld a rrur track to the Itelt railroad from
the Lombard street clip, with the understand
ing that the track was to be used only for
transferring freight from "ersels and not as
b yard for storing spar* rolling stock.
He.aly Tibbltts & <"n. araln made complaint
that they were unable to *et cement for their
•work fix I**' new Pacific Mall wharves in the
ouantlties contracted for. After the meeting
the Commissioners vlslt«i these very wharves.
Koninftft Liner Abydos Arrive*.
The Ko*iaos liner Abydos arrived yester
day- from Honolulu ana way jiorts. She
brought four passengers and about WX) tons
of freteiu. She encountered a heavy storm
trier leavtaff Mazatlan and was obliged to put
Into Port Lo§ Angel** to replenish her «upply
of coal. Her pa S! *c n SPrs were Louis Kammel
and Henry Verbeck, wife and child.
Captain Loihfarth .-says that the reported vol
canic outbreak in Nicaragua was much ex
ar -«^rpi f (3. N I>->uis= Kammel, one of the pas
sengers, was ashore at Corinto, and says that
as tar as tie cuuid learn no damage had been
done. He taw the volcano at night. It was
b grand spectacle, he says, but nobody in
Corinto appeared to look upon it as anything
unusual.
A ra;s?nger died while the Abydos was at
Ocas. The authorities would not allow Cap
tain Leibfarth to send the body ashore fcr
Interment, so the remains were buried at sea.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Edmund, 35 per
cent; St. Donotlen. 10 per cent; Principality.
£(> :>er cent; Aflerzlone, 25 per cent; Fortevict,
25 i*r cent; Kltoallie, 10 per cent and Duch
esse de Berry, 15 Der cent.
"Water Front Xotes.
The Pacific Mail Company's freighter Al
goa is to make another trip to the Orient. She
will loa^ railroad Iron and cotton at this port
and will go to Puget Sound for a lar^'e ship
ment of Hour. When her cargo is completed
it will measure about 14,000 tons.
The steamer Costa Rica, Captain Kidston.
which has been commissioned to take the place
of the wrecked St. Paul, cleared yesterday
for ' Portland.
The EChooner Zampa cleared yesterday for
Sanak and Unga. whither the is going after
a careo of codfish.
A'EIVS OF THE OCEAX.
The Norwesian steamers Tellus and Terje
Viken are chartered for coal from Nanalmo to
San Francisco.
The schooner Kona is chartered for lumber
from Bellingham to Fiji Islands and the bark
R. P. Rithet for merchandise from here to
Honolulu.
The Korea's Cargo.
Tho stean^fci Kjd.2. sailed yesterday for
Hongkong and way ports via Honolulu with a
general merchandise cargo, valued at $792,241,
exclusive of treasure and to be distributed as.
follows: Jepan, $447,9«8: China. $320,998; Korea
SC79I; East Indies. $S2t>s; Philippine Islands.
4f35»'7; Egypt, $74«; South Africa, $339; Slam,
*(£.'*. TJie following were the principal e
ports:
• To Japan — <>70 bis 5 cs leather. 130 pkgs
locomotive parts. 2551 pkgs car material, »5
pkgs railroad material, 728.262 lbs pig lead,
I'Ol tfiO lbs tan bark. 100 Hks quicksilver, 30U0
ktga 121 v cs naile. «»2 pkffs sewing machines.
278 Dkgs bicycles and sundries, 5000 lbs fer
tiliztr, 2tSOO lbs tallow, 6990 lbs bone.s. 10.WW
lbs hoofs. 22 rolls duck, tfJ pkgs polishing com
pound. 110 pkgs machinery, 10*J pkgs paints,
7 pkgs agr. cultural Implements, 81 cs elec
trical goode. 3 cs skins. JjO bxs candles, 31 pkgs
rubber goods, i cs ammunition, ;«> colls rope,
15 jkgs drugs, 15,1<>3 lbs raisins, 14,147 lbs
3 i-e dried fruit, 25.769 lbs sugar, 1050 lbs
ccdhth, 10 pkgs pickled salmon, 5653 lbs 1
c« butter. 10i& ibe cheese, 2423 lbs hops, 7
j.kgs pai-te. l(f pkgs fresh fruits. 1796 lbs 4!l
cs mlllstuffs. 125 cs table preparations, 7S-S lbs
coffee, 70.3 lbs beans, 3540 lbs lard, 2640 gals
wine, 2i! sals 25 cs whisky. Olil cs alcohol,
f.'bbls rum, 2 bbls beer.
To China — U250 bbls Hour, 4097 bis cotton
domestics, 425 b!a cotton piece cood.», 150 bis
sheetings-. 14. .'597 Ibe tobacco. 300 cs 1 pkg
c'Ra-frtlfS 1062 lbs ginseng. 250 crts potatoes,
110 |.Ugs freth fruits. 7905 lbs 12 ca dried
fru't. two lbn raisins. 11.375 lbs 19 cs mlll
stuti's. 71u lbs S cs bread, 5000 lbs barreled
b^f. 2-;fiO lbs codflbh. 1112 Ibe butter,2 424 lbs
cheese, 4920 cs canned goods, 271 cs table
pTvparatlonb. O> pkps prepared fish, COO lbs
te*. IN2 ukss groceries and provisions, 3752 lbs
l>eans and peap, 1117 lbs ham and bacon, 30,908
lbs lard. 5 crts onions, ti cs baking powder. 40W
gala wine. 120 bbls beer, 507 gals 48 cs liquors,
1<(7.<»0 lbs fertilizer, 31 pkgs windmills. 11
bis 4 cs rubber roods. 20 bx» soap, 60 pkgs
machinery. 2X pkss roofing material, 53 cs
druijs and sundries, 7250 lbs old brass, 31
cs agricultural implements. 14 cs boots and
she es>, «; redid leather, 33 pkgs dry poods, 7 crts
sewing machines, 29 pkgs pipe and fittings, 12
cs arms and ammunition, 3 colls rope.
To Korea— 93 cs canned coods, 35 kegs but
ter, 720 lbs lard. 248 lbs dried fruit, 22 bxs
fresh fruit?, 305 lbs meals. 220 lbs ham and
bacon, (J pkgs groceries and provisions, 6 cs
clive oil. 25 pkjrs machinery. 11 pkgs elec
trical goods. 4 bdls brooms. S pkgs dry goods,
1 crt sewing machine, 1 cs shoes, 3 bdls pa
per.
To East Indies — 754 cs canned calmon. 1171
cs assorted canned goods, 420 gals wine, 5
cs table preparations, 4429 lbs dried fruit, 10
pkgs fresb fru:ts. 200 bxs soap, 3 cs ma
chinery 2 pkss wagoa- material.
To Philippine Islands — 209 cb canned goods,
SGO csks beer.
To Egypt — 249 cs canned fruit.
To South Africa — 100 cs canned salmon.
Time llall.
Branch Hydroßraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 12. l»05.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. «. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the. height
of tide Is the game at both places.
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 13.
Sun rises 6:17
Sun nets 5:36
Moon rises (full) 0:00 P. m.
O iTlmel ITime! 'Time! |Time
* Ft. 1 Ft. I IFt J Ft.
? !L W| (H W| iL W| [H W
13 I 4:55! 1.6111:22! 5.2 5:32 -1.1!
|H W |L W H W !L W
14 0:l0l 4.7! 5:25 1.9 11 MS 5.116:03 0.9
15 0:53j 4.5] 5:57 2.2 12:07 5.1 0:34 0.8
16 1:351 4.31 «:38J 2.5 12:25 5.0U*:13 0.7
17 | 2:2 Vi 4.21 7:03| 2.8112:551 s:oi 7:55| O.l!
IS j 3:14 i 4.1! 7:4fi| 3.0| 1:301 4.9| 8:42| O.<;
NOTE — Iti the above exposltjon of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tide? of the
day In the order of occurrence as to^lme; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tide*, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
British Repair Ship Aahore.
GIBRALTAR, Oct. 12. — The British
repair chip. Assistance, ia ashore In
Tetuan Bay, Morocco. Warships,
steamships and lighters have prone from
here to her aid. A heavy gale endan
gers the position of the vessel. The
Assistance Is fitted with a. foundry,
machinery tools, etc., carries a crew
of 262 men and mounts ten 3-pounder
quick-firing cuns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; FRIDAY, OCTOBER .I 3, 1905.
BIG FREIGHTER ALGOA. WHICH
SHORTLY WILL TAKE LARGE
CARGO TO ORIENT.
Movement of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. j Due.
I Coronado Grays Harbor (Oct. 13
.Queen 1... Puget Sound Ports Oct. 13
1 San Pedro Grays Harbor Oct. 13
j Eureka Humboldt Oct. 13
iNomeCity... Seattle |Oct. 14
I Phoeniv Crescent City Oct. 14
American .. N. Y. via San Diego.. .|Oct. 14
: Vanguard San Pedro |Oct. 14
; M. F. Plant.. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.jOct. 14
' Anubis Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 14
i Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 14
Roanoka Portland & Way Ports.|Oct. 14
Tiger Tacoma % |Oct. 15
Aragonia China and Japan jOct. 15
l Germanicus.. Oyster Harbor jOct. 15
I North Fork.. Humboldt Oct. 15
! Redondo.. Portland & Astoria Oct. 15
I Acme •. ... Willapa Harbor Oct. 15
I G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Oct. 15
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Oct. 15
Corona Humboldt Oct. 15
Sea Foam Mendocino & Pt. Arena Oct. 15
Arctic Humboldt |Oct. 15
Chehalis San Pedro |Oct. 16
i Northland San Pedro Oct. 10
! Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 16
; State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ptu. Oct. 16
! Amer. Maru.. China & Japan Oct. 17
Pomona j Humboldt [Oct. 18
City Sydney..' X«ew York via Ancon.. |Oct. 18
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts|Oct. 18
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports [Oct. 18
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Oct. 19
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Ports|Oct. 19
j Centralia Grays Harbor '. . Oct. 19
I Nebraskan... Honolulu & Kahului Oct. 19
' Waddon..,.. . Iqutque Oct. 19
Homer Portland & Astoria Oct. 20
S. Monica Grays Harbor |Oct. iy
Enterprise... Hilo [Oct. 21
Costa Rica.. Portland & Astoria jOct. ITI
Siberia China and Japan (Oct. Ti.
Ventura | Sydney! & Way Ports. l Oct. 2:s
Umatllla I Puget Sound Ports (Oct. 23
TO SAIL.
Steamer, j Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
October 13. I |
Aberdeen... Portland direct |10 am|Pier 18
Despatch... APtorta & Portland|l2 miPier Its
Newburg... Grays Harbor 1 2 pmlPier lv
Elizabeth.. CoquiHe River. spm Pier 20
Coos Bay an P^dro & Way. t» am Pier 11
Coronado" '. . Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
October 14. |
W Krucer. Los Angeles Ports 6 pm|P!er 2
R«tnlrr Seattle & Bell'ham 2 pm|Pler 10
Vanguard". Humboldt 10 am|Pler 27
Xome. City kos Angeles Ports 2 pmjPier ltJ
Co^ta Rica Astoria & Portlandjll am Pier 24
Porno . pt - Arena & Albion! 6 pm Pier 2
Roanoke... LoB Angeles Ports. | <5 pm Pier 5
Aurelia ". . Astoria & Portland| 5 pmiPler 27
ritv Pan'a'm N t Y. via Ancon.. 12 m! Pier 40
c Velson Seattle & Tacoma.i 9am Pier 20
Pomona '.'. Humboldt l:3op!Pier 9
October 15. I
Eureka .. Humboldt 9 am|Pier 5
S Rosa.... Sans an Diego & Way. 9 amjPler 11
October 18. I
Chehalis... Orays Harbor IPier 2
j; o yo Humbo'.dt 5 pm|Pler 20
M F Plant Coos Bay 4 pmjPier —
Northland.. Astoria •& Portland 10 am Pier 27
San Pedro.- Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pler 2
October 17. i
Corona Humboldt l:3opPier 9
Breakwater Coos Bay J 5 pm Pier 8
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
QUeenQ Ucen Puget Sound Ports. 11 amPler 9
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am|Pier 11
October 18. |
F. Kllburn. Portland & Way... 5 pmiPier 27
Arctic Humboldt 9 am[Pi»r 2
SeaFoim.. Point Arena 4 pmlPier 2
October 10. . I
State of Cal Saa Dleco & Way. 9 am' Pier 11
G. Ltndauer Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 20.
Oregonian.. New York direct ...Pier 23
October 21.
CoptJC '/ China &. Japan 1 pm Pier 40
San Juan.. I N V via Ancon 112 m Pier 40
I October 22. I •' |
City Pucblal Puget Sound Pts..|ll am|Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. " Destination. I Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 13
Santa Clara.. Valdfcz & Seward Oct. 14
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 15
Santa Ana... Seward & Way Ports.. Oct. 16
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 20
Portland.....' Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. 25
Edith Valdea &. Seward Oct. 2tt
SHIPI'I.VG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
I Wednesday," October 11.
Stmr Whlttier. Dlckson, 48 hours from As
toria.
Thursday. October 12.
Ger stmr Abydos. Llebfartn, 171 days from
Hamburg and way ports, via Port Los Angeles
2 days.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 17 hours from Eu
reka. . \u0084 >
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, 44 hours from Ban
don.
Stmr ChlCo, Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Porno. Relnertson. 12 hours from Al
bion, via Point Arena 10 'hours.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 41 hours from
San Diego.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 38 hours from San
Pedro.
Bark Carrollton, Melville, 14 days from Port
Gamble.
Ship Emily Reed, DavlCson, 14 days from
Tacoma.
Blip Geneva. Chase, 11 days from Grays
Harbor. . ' '
Schr Defender, Hellingaen, 19 days from
Buako.
Schr Ottllle Fjord. Bosch, 48 days from. To
polobampo, bound for Eureka, put in for re
pairs.
Schr Ida A. Campbell, 5 hours from Point
j Reyvs.. ' . '
I Schr Lizzie Prien, Hansen, 10 days from
Siuslaw River. ."
I Barge Ninety-three, Daniels. 31 hours from
I Port Harford, In tow tug Sea Rover, up river
direct.
Tug Sea Rover, Thompson, 31 hours from
Port Harford, with bargo Ninety-three In tow.
CLEARED.
\u25a0 Thursday. October 12.
• Stmr Whlttler, Dickson, Portland; Union OH
Company. i
Stmr Umatllla. Nopander. Victoria, etc.; Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Costa Rica,. Kidston, Portland; San
Francisco and Portland Steamship Company.
Stmr Coos Bay, " Nicolson. San Pedro and
way ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Company. -
Stmr Sonoma, ; Herriman, Sydney; . J D
Sureckel* &. Bros. Co..
• Stmr Korea. Seabury, . Hongkong, etc. ; Pa
cific Mall Steamship Company.
, . Schr Zampa, \u25a0 Koehler, : Sanak via Unga:
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time).
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 12—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day: •
Cincinnati 64-36 iNew York C 6-44
Boston 58-54 jPittsburg 52-38
j Jacksonville 80-32 iWashington 6S-42
St. Louis 52-;W New Orleans 68i58
Chicago 4e-36;Honolulu, H. T. ..82-70
Philadelphia 70-44 1
SAN FRANCISCO 58-43
THE COAST RECORD. ~
.'\u25a0 g> \u25a0'g ' g o jo -3
3 Hg 33 s2. S" ' v
STATIONS. Z 3«;§ C? 5* P
•» v M p n C
c c : a : §
; ,5 ? : : :
Baker 30.00 50 42 NE- Clear .00
Carson 29.84 70 34 SW Clear .00
Eureka 30. Oi 50 50 N Clear .00
Fresno 20.76 88 64 NW Clear .00
SE. Farallon..29.So 56 50 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.76 64 34 . S Clear .00
Independence .20.74 7t> 44 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles. ..29. S4 74 52 S Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.29.B7 70 65 W Clear .00
North Ht>ad...30.16 54 60 NW Clear .03
Phoenix 29.70 88 54 W Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt..29.53 64 49 NW Clear .00
Pocatello 29.76 68 44 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Portland 30.14 58 44 SW Cloudy .12
Red Bluff 2U.78 80 52 S Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg 30.08 60 oo N Pt.Cldy .02
Sacramento ..29.7S 78 52 S Clear .00
Salt l-ake..*..20.76 66 36 W Pt.Cldy .00
San Francisco. 29. 9o 58 48 W Clear .00
San Jose 29.88 74 44 W Clear .00
San L. 0bi5p0.29.90 68 48 NW Clear .00
San Diego 29.80 C 8 60 NW Clear .00
•Seattle 30.14 5S 44 N Cloudy .00
Spokane 30.00 56 34 NW Cloudy .01
Tatoosh 30.14 54 46 W Clear .20
Walla Wa11a.. 30. 04 58 60 SW Cloudy Tr.
Winnemucca .29.80 72 22 Clear .00
Yuma ..29.70 92 54 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS 'AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally clear on the Pacific
Coast south of Portland. Light rain haa fallen
from Portland ndrth. For prevails along the
coast of California.
It Is cooler in . the Sacramento Valley and
San Francisco Eay section. \u25a0„ «... • , .
A thuncU-r-storm Is reported at Flagstaff.
The following high winds have occurred:
North Head, 34 miles per hour, from the west;
Modena, 28, southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, OctODcr 13: - .
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday,
with fog In the morning; fresh west winds.
LO9 Angeles and vicinity— Cloudy Friday,
with fog In the morning; fresh south winds.
Sacramento Valley — Fa:r .Friday; light north
winds.
San Joaqnin Valley — Fair Friday; fresh north
winds.
Coast — Cloudy Friday; fresh west winds.
Nevada — Fair Friday.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Alaska Codfish Company.
Br ehlp Loudon Hill, Boyd, Eureka; J J
Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, October 12.
Ger sdrnr Memphis, Yon Helms, \ Hamburg
and way ports.
Stmr Maggie. Corning. Half moon Bay.
Stmr Newport, Whitney, Pigeon Pplnt. In
tow tug Sea Fox.
Stmr Argyll, Monroe, Kahului via Monterey
or Port Harford and Kiehel direct, as weather
may permit, with bktn Fullerton In tow.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Di
ego.
Stmr Umatllla, Nopander, Victoria and Pu-"
get. Sound ports.
Stmr Sequoia, McClements, TJureka. .
Stmr Westport, Anfindsen, Westport.
Stmr Korea. Seabury. Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong.
Stmr Sonoma. Herriman, Sydney via Hono
lulu, Pago Pago and Auckland.
Stmr Czarina, Duggan, Coos Bay.
Stmr Del Norte, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Mackinaw. Storrs, Tacoma.
, Stmr James S Higgins, Hlgglns, Fort Bragg.
Stmr New burg, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Despatch, ~Weber. Astoria. *
\u25a0 Stmr Cascade, Jahnsen. Astoria.
Bktn Fullerton, Mackechnle, KnhuJui via
Monterey or Port Harford and Kiehel dlrfcct,
as weather may permit. .in tow stmr Argyll.
Schr Santiago. Larsen, Monterey, In tow of
tug Defiance.
Tug Defiance. James, Monterey, with schr
Santiago In tow.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr American, Sept 9, 6:30 p m, lat
47:15 S. long 63:22 W. Br ehlp Semantha, from.
Barry for Junln. •
Sept 16. lat 41:28 S, long 75:28 W, Ger stmr
Hathor, hence June 17 for Hamburg.
Oct 2, lat 9:40 N, long 103:40 W, stmr Ha
waiian, \u25a0 hence Sept 24 for New York, i
TELEGRAPHIC. .-
POINT LOBOS. Oct. 12. 10 p. m. — Weather
hazy; wind north west, velocity 12 miles per
hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— RaiIed Oct 11— Stmr Bertha, for
Valdez; stmr Cottage City, for Skagway; Br
stmr Romrord, for Vladivostok.
Arrlve.l Oct 12— Stmr George Loomls, hence
Oct 7. \u25a0\u25a0'..• >
NOME— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Valencia, from
Seattle.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct 11— Sfmr Roanoke.
for San Francisco; stmr Daisy Mitchell, for
San Francisco. Oct 12— Stmr Redondo, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Oct 12— Br stmr Auchenblae, from
Yokohama. -'•\u25a0* - \u25a0 .
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Oct 12— Schr
Robert Searles, from San Diego for Townsend;
Schr George W Watson, from ; San Pedro for
Olympia.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived; Oct 12— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Oct 11.
Sailed Oct 12— Stmr National City, for Kan
Francisco. . ,
V TATOOSH— Passed out Oct 12— Schr Okano
gan, for San Pedro.
Passed in Oct 12— Stmr Meteor, hence Oct 9
for Seattle. -
Passed out Oct 12— Schr Salem, for San Pe
dro; schr "David Evans, for Manila; bark. Har
vester, from Tscoma for San Pedro; schr Stim-
I son, from Ballard, for San Pedro.
I COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Breakwa-
I ter. hence Oct 10. . .. _\u25a0..\u25a0
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Acme,
for San Francisco. • - v --
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Fulton,
henco'Oct 10— stmr Corona, hence Oct 11;
3 Sailed Oct 12— Stmrs Eureka, laqua and
Premiss, for San Francisco. .•
WlNSLOW— Arrived Oct 12— Bktn Kohala,
from r Shani;hal via Townsend. ;' .
COQIULLE RlVER— Arrived Oct 12— Schr
Fortuna. from Alaska. . -
OLYMPlA— Arrived Oct 12— Schr Robert
Starlee, from San Diego. .' . --
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Oct 12— 8chr Se
quoia, hence Sept 28.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 12— Schr Spo
kane* for Honolulu. ' '
PORT LOS ANGELES— BaIIed Oot 12— Schr I
Volunteer, for Coos Bay. , <\u25a0\u25a0•;. |
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct: 12— Stmr Cheha
lls. hence Oct 10; stmr Noyo, from Eureka
etmr Navarro.. from Hardy t Creek; schr George
E. Billings, .from Everett. ': ' \u25a0 <
Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Bonita, : for San Fran
cisco; Bchr WF'Wltzeman, for Grays Harbor;
bktn Charles F; Crocker, for Puget Sound. .
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 12 — Schr Phlils
\u25a0:\u25a0:••-..•_-\u25a0 . - ••\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0, \u25a0 • \u25a0 • \u25a0 .
HIDDEN ROCKS
MENACE SHIPS
Professor Davidson Urges
Chamber to Make Appeal
to Congress for Action
TELLS OF DISASTEES
California Delegation to
Work for Appropriation
to Keniove All Perils
Taking the recent disaster to the
steamship Alameda and the loss of the
Rio de Janeiro as a text. Professor
George Davidson has urged upon the
Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco
that strong petitions shall be forwarded,
through the chamber, asking Congress to
remove each and every one of twenty
rocks that threaten shipping in the bay
and approaches to the bay of San Fran
cisco. The chamber, in response, has re
quested that the California delegation
and the representative of the chamber in
Washington shall try" to have an appro
priation made to insure the removal of
the rocks.
In 1596 Professor Davidson was chair
man of a . committee of the Chamber of
Commerce that made a report, after In
vestigation, concerning the rocks that
menace the vessels that move in and out
of the harbor of San Francisco. There
wert* found to have been 348 marine dis
asters at this port that were due to the
rocks and this number has been swelled
since to about 400.
Following the making of the report by
the committee. Professor Davidson was
askeS to have petitions to Congress
drawn to haye certain of the dangers re
moved. The result was that three rocks
have been demolished.
The report of the committee to which
Proftssor Davidson referred in his com
munication to the Chamber of Commerce
sets forth that some of the dangers at
tending navigation are as follows:
No amount of care on the part of masters
or pilots can prevent vessels from striking
these rocks. Indeed, it will be seen by the
list of disasters accompanying this report that
a large number of the vessels damaged had
pilots aboard. The reason for this helpless
ness of pilots to save vessels from these rocks
13 found In the peculiarly thick fogs which
beset the entrance to this harbor and the
peculiarly uncertain but strong .currents which
continually sweep through the bay- and its
approaches.
In a thick fog the rocks cannot be seen
and the swift but silent currents carry a
vessel about in the most bewildering manner.
Steam craft and vessels in tow seem to have
a better chance to escape the dangers, but
even steam power has not been wholly effi
cacious as a study of the list of disasters
will disclose. To make the harbor safe during
foggy weather the removal of the rocks is
absolutely necessary.
pine, from San Pedro; schr Dora Bluhm. from
Ventura.
ISLAND PORTS. ,
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 12— U S stmr
Thomas, hence Oct 5 for Manila.
HILO — Sailed Oct 12 — Stmr Enterprise, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON — Arrived Oct 10 — Stmr Finance, from
New York.
Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Havana, for New York.
To sail Oct 14 — Stmr Allianca. for New Ycrk.
NEWCASTLE. Eng— Arrived Oct 11— Br ship
Nelson, from Victoria, B c.
SL'EZ — Arrived Oct 11 — Br stmr Ning Chow,
from Tacoma, for Liverpool. Oct 12 — Br stmr
Daghestan, from Java.
HAMBURG — Sailed Oct B—Ger8 — Ger stmr Sals, for
San Francisco* - - .
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Oct 11— Br chip
Engelhorn for Honolulu.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Oct 10— Br ship Cres
tington, for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI — Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Shawmut,
for Manila. '
SHIMONOSEKI— Sailed Sept 27— Br stmr
Abergeldia, for Oregon.
VICTORIA— SaiIed Oct 12— Ger stmr Ger
manicus, for San Francisco, stmr Cottage City
for Skagway. - \.
HONGKONG — Sailed, Sept 4— Br ship Tra
vancore, for Port Angeles. Sept 7 — Schr
Churchill, for Astoria. Oct o— Br stmr Alberga
for New York.
SALINA CRUZ— Sailed Sept 20— Ger chip
Wilhelmine. for Royal Roads.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Oct 12— Br bark Lalla
Rookh, from Brisbane.
ACAPULCO — Sailed Oct 11— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco. Oct 10— Stmr Aca
pulco. for Ancon.
ANCON — To sail Oct 13 — Stmr Newport, for
San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— SaiIed Oct 10— Ger stmr
Denderah. for San Francisco.
CORINTO — Sailed Oct -B—Schr8 — Schr San Buena
Ventura, for San Francisco.
COMOX. B C— Sailed Oct 11, 10 p m— Ger
stmr Germanlcus, for San Francisco. .
LADYSMITH. \u0084 B C — Arrived Oct 12 — Nor
itmr Tellus. from Kobe.
MOLLENDO — Arrived Oct 4 — Br stmr Ba
roda, hence Sept 3.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE^ — Arrived Oct IS — titmr La Lorraine,
from New York.
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 12 — Stmr Deutch
land. from Hamburg: stmr Baltic, from Liver
pool; stmr Brandenburg, from Bremen.
Memoranda.
Per bark Carrollton. from Port Gamble, Oct
12 — On October 8. oft Cape Blanco, passed
through a considerable quantity of lumber; on
October 0 had a strong SE gale.
Per schr Lizzie Prien. rrom Siuslaw River.
Oct 12— Oct 5, lat 44 N, long 125 W, In a
heavy SE gale, carried away the deck lashings
and lost about 75,000 feet lumber; also carried
away the Jib and staysail.
Per ship Emily Reed— Oct 4, lat 4« N, long
126 W, had succession of SE to SW gales, shift-
Ing cargo to port and throwing vessel on beam
ends for 24 hours.
Per schr Ottilie Fjord— On Oct 7. 250 miles
off Mendocino. in a strong NW gale, carried
away his foremast head in two places.
TOWNSEND, Oct 12— Bark C D Bryant,
which arrived here yesterday from Nicolaefaki.
lost some spars during heavy weather on voy
ape from San Francisco to Nicolaefski.
Stmr .Valencia, which arrived at Nome Octo
ber .10 from Seattle, experienced very heavy
weather the entire passage.
Cousin of the President Marrim.
CHICAGO, Oct. 12. — Andrew Roose
velt of St. Louis, cousin of President
Roosevelt, was married to-night to Miss
Adelaide Lange. Miss Lange, who is a
graduate in architecture of the Zurich
Polytecnique, assisted in drawing the
plans for the mines buildings at the St.
Louis Exposition, and it was while en
gaged in this work that she met Mr.
Roosevelt. • ' \
HEATERS
V^llOlC Economy ore ia^^
guaranteed GRATES
OOVSC *-B" Gas System." A 4t%
RANGES AND
Comfortable waterheaters
415 Post St.
JURY SPENDS
DAY ON WATER
Inspects Courses Taken by
Oceanic and City of Ches
ter When Latter Was Sunk
COUET HELD ON TUG
Judge, Hunt and Marine Ex
pert s^ Accompany 3len Who
Are to Decide Damage Suit
The Jury in the ease of Hampton and
others against the Occidental and Ori
ental Steamship Company spent yes
terday morning going over the courses
alleged to have been taken by the
steamships Oceanic and City of Chester
on the morning of their fatal collision,
August 22, ISSS. The suit for $100,000
damages brought by John/C. Hampton.
Mrs. Grace I. Tyson and Mrs. Ida Louise
Mauvals against the steamship com
pany for the death of their father, who
was a passenger on the 111-fated City
of Chester, has occupied the courts for
many years and was recently sent back
by the Supreme Court for a rehearing
in Judge Hunt's court.
The Pacific Mail Company's tug,
Arabs, left the Mission wharf at 9 a.
m. sharp, having on board Judge John
Hunt, the jury that is trying the case,
Ambrose Watson, clerk of the court;
Captain Freeman of the Pilot Commis
sion and Captain G. E. Bridgett, who
were selected by both sides as expert
witnesses, and tho attorneys in the
case.
. The tug passed to the south side of
Presidio shoals and to Fort Point and
there the experts pointed out the place,
about 1000 yards from the old spar
buoy, where the Pacific Mail Company
declares the collision occurred. The
party then passed to the other side of
the Golden Gate to. Point Diablo and
re-entered the harbor on a northeast
course," supposed to have "been, taken
by the Oceanic. "When within a few
hundred yarda of Lime Point, the ex
perts again pointed out the place where
the Occidental and Oriental Company
claims the wreck occurred and where,
nearly eight years later. Captain
Whitelaw claimed to have located the
wreck.
The tuff then came in mtdchannel to
Mission-street wharf, where Judge
Hunt excused the Jury until Monday
morning at 10 o'clock.
The City of Chester collided with the
Oceanic in the fog and sank a few min
utes later. The Oceanic rendered all
assistance possible, but many persons
perished with the doomed vessel. The
Oceanic then proceeded to Black" Point
and dropped anchor. Each captain
claimed that the other was out of his
course — that he should have been on
the, opposite side of the entrance, and
upon this claim is based the main point
of the suit.
In February, lS96..Captain Whitelaw,
the wrecker, swore he had located the
hull of the Chester in fifty fathoms of
water near Lime Point and said ha
could go there at any time and drop
a line upon the deck. The jury ac
cepted his offer to conduct it to the
spot and a tug was secured. The cap
tain took a line almost due north from
Fort Point and across line to the north
of east from Point Bonita and the spot
where these two bearings intersected
he pronouned the grave of the City of
Chester.
BIG APAHTMKXT HOUSE LEASE
INVOLVED IS LITIGATION"
Owner of the l,lndn Vlata Sum Lessee
Baker to Recover 915,000
Damages.
Though it has been open but a short
time, litigation involves the Linda Vista
apartment house, located at Turk and
Jones street. Isaac Liebes, owner of the
building, filed suit yesterday against
Henry E. Baker, lessee, and A. B.
Smith, who furnished the place, to re
cover $15,000 damages for breach of
contract.
Liebes alleges that he leased the
building to Baker at a monthly rental
of $1297, it being agreed that in event
any covenants of the contract should
be violated the lessee was to forfeit
$15,000, liquidated damages, and, to in
sure the payment of damages, was to
give Liebes a chattel mortgage on the
furnishings of the building.
Liebes now asserts that Baker has
failed to pay his rent for the last
months and that he refuses to exe
cute the chattel mortgage as agreed.
In consequence of these alleged
breaches of the contract Liebea says
he has been damaged to the extent of
$15,000, for which sum he asks judg
ment, with costs of suit.
Meet* "With lVctillar Acehlent.
Mark Levy, n. sales>nan for the Amer
ican Milling Company, met with an ac
cident yesterday that may prove fatal,
lie visited a stable at Flllmorc and
Geary street to collect a bill. The pro
prietor was in the hay loft, and Levy,
not deslrlnrrto call him away from hid
work, climbed up the ladder Into the
loft. On comlnf down he tried a quicker
means of getting to the ground by
sliding down a rope. He lost his gTip
on the rope and fell face forward to the
ground. His face was badly bruised
and he suffered internal injuries. He
was tnken to the Central Emergency
Hospital and was treated by Dr. R. C.
Hill. Levy lives at 2220 "Webster street.
LEAVE WITH RICI AND GILMAN— Peter
B Cannon, chief of detectives of Providence,
r" 1., and Detective Monahan took T>. L.
Rid and \V. O. Gtlman from the City Prison
yesterday morning and left with them for
Providence. They are accused of obtaining
$63C0 from President Gale of the United Na
tional Bank there by means- of false railroad
certificates.
AD VERTISEMEXTS.
I" This Trunk
. Ts a real barsain. A Trunk
that has always sold for from $9.50
to $12 everywhere. We must make
room for our new fall goods. Made
of 3-ply bass wood. Japanned Iron
bindings and center band; sole
leather straps: brass plated steel
corners, clamps and knees: brass ex-
celsior lock: best handles: three
heavy steel strap hinges; two trays.
and linen lined throughout. Hand-
some and strong. To firt ft C
see it U to h'ly It. \ X X*l
SPECIAL PRICE - OUIUO
Other style* at Other Prices.
- Write for Catalogue.
A. B. Smith Co.
n '116 EHIs Street
We Cure Men for $12. 5t
Gut TXcut
J^^^^^^^t. Reference X*
F NOT A DOLLA!
fe?«w M NEED BE PAI
n^im TIU CUBE!
W> eure> Skin DUeasea. Blood Potaoi
1 Vnricocele. Stricture. XerTon* Deelln*
WeakneiM. Piles. KUtnla and Dt»ea»e
of the Kidneys. Bladder and Prostate.
Special Diseases — Newly contracte
and chronic casee cured. All burning, itchis
and Inflammation stopped in twenty-four hour:
cures effected tn seven days.
We irake no chance for a friendly talk <
correspondence. Come to us tn the stride
confidence. We have been exclusively trw
Ing special diseases of men for years. Nothir
\u25a0cience can devise or money can buy Is Uc
insr In our office equlcmerit. We will use yt
honestly, treat you skillfully and restore yt
to health In the shortest time with the lea
dl3comfort and exoense.
If you cannot call, write for symatoi
blanks.
DR. HOLSMAN & CO
Hours: 8 to 3. 7 to S:3O p. m. dally; Sunda
9 to 12.
720 MARKET -ST. (Top Floor>. S. F.
GIVEN FREE! FREE! FREI
FOR J» DAYS
$1.00 BOTTLE OF
CASEY'S RHEUMATISM CUD
The world's latest remedy for Rheumatlsi;
To show what this great Remedy will .
we- will give a 91 bottle free to those wl
suffer. Cut this ad out, give name and addre;
and send to JOHN H. CASET. San Francises
Cal.. General Delivery, and I will glre yij
a written order to the Owl Drus Co.. lit
Market St.. San Francisco — also Owl Drug OS
Oakland — for the $1 free bottle. I
OCEAX TRAVEL.
Steamers leave Pl«r»
/£vfi£i-£Q!oV and 11. Saa Francisco:
Ay/" N;\j\ For Ketchlkan. Wran*-
my 'TKJ^a V*\ Jureau. TreaJwell. Batne
11 MS>Wi I I Skagway. etc. Alaska —
\ \ XKwni I \u25a0- m -. Oct - 2>2 > 7 - 12 - U. -
\fiN \\ lw' *7. Koy - 1- Ch»nr» to tt
VXOI yC/ company's steamers at S
XjSa^lW/ attl«.
For Victoria, Vanooarc
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Aa
cortU South BelllnKhain^ Bellingham-U
m Oct. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Not. 1. Change
Seattle to thla company's steamers for Ala*J
and G N Ry~ »* Seattle or Tacoma to N. ;
Ry • at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka <Humboldt Bay>— Pomona. tS
n m Oct. 2, S. 14. 20. 28. No*. 1. Coron
1 -3?B mT. Oct. 5. 11. 17. 23. 29. Nor. 4.
"For "Los Angeles (via Port Los Angales ax,
Redondo). San Dleso and Santa Barbar*— ;
Banta Ro«a. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m- .
For Los Anceles (via Saa Pedro and Ea
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Panta Crna. Mo 6
tersT San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hart ord (3m :
Luis ObisDO). Ventura and Hueneme—
Coos Bay. »*\u25a0«»-, Oct. S. 13. 21. 29. Nor. I
Bonita. » a. m.. Oct. 1. ». 17. 25. Not. X|;
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jo»« 6^
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Kos]i
lla. Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. nx. 7th of *a|
"ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Sea«on 19C©-Tf]
calatial Alaska excursion steamship SPOKAV
wli: leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Jon*
21 July S. W. August 2.
For farther information obtain folder. Rljr j
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dat«
TTCKE r OFFICES — 4 Now Montgomery i
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broadwi
wbarve*. Freight Office — 10 Market st.
C D DUNAXX. General Passenger Agent
3 10 Market st.. San Franctsc I
TOYO OSEN KAISHJ ;
• ORIENTAL S. S. CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First «4'
Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for Yokohama ofl
Hongkonr. calling at Honotnnj. Koti.
(Hlogo) XajrasaJct and Shanghai, and' co
necttng at Hongkong with steamers for IJ3
dla. etc No cargo received oa board on 4t« ;J
of Balling. ' * ®;
S. S. "AMERICA MARTT* FRTOAT. Oct. t%\
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. ffl
For fretght and passage apply at company*
of flee seventh floor. Marcnants' Exchange. v<
' W. H. AVERT. General Agent. V
s «! MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 17. 11 «. J »i
«' s' VENTXTR^\. for Honolulu. Samoa, Aue|;
"land and Sidney. Thursday. Nov. 3. 2 p. «*j
J LSFEECHLS i ERaiGa.iltS. BCBI 0313 &13 Kg
Ist FnlzHt Offls 3H Kai^i-SL, PlaT. Facias vj|
: Compajmie General* Trnn«a tlan HqnV
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-Part*
£aillc? every Thursday Instead of
fcaturday. 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
"Korth River, foot" of Morton it.-?
First-class to Havre. FlO and upward. S*|s
i end class to Havre. $43 and u PT» rd - GSUyB
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES ANf|
riKADA 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldta#J
nVw Tort J- F. FCGAZI A CO.. Paclflo CoalJ
A cents. 5 Montgomery arenue. Saa Francises,
Ticket* »o!d hv all Railroad Ticket Agents. |.
BA Y 4xp iyTERtTtBAN ROCTE9. m
MARTTsEaND NAVYYARB
VALLEJO and NAPA
iSopa \/ctlle>y Route»|
Mont!cel!o S. S. Cb. and Napa Vall«y :xi»f!
trio R- R- Co. Close connections. -
6 ROUXI> TRIPS DAILY— «
Boats leav» San Francisco 7:to. w j:4A «. tt j
12 30 noon. 3:13. «.:00. 8:30 p. nV . ; fi
Ban Francisco landing and n.'nce. pior
(oot of Illusion st.. one blocK south. Market-j £
Ferry. > Metis ala carte. Pbon* lUla UOS, j
•I jinda Navy Yard <ttr»ct- >'.
WEEKLY CALK $1 PERM
1112
Business Capital Should Be as Easu to Get as I Good Business Location
THE^f?C\LL
tO-tN' D- SrRECKELS.... Proprietor
Address Communications to
IQHX McXAUGHT Manager
.V. J. MARTIN' Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
>n_s by Mail, Including Postage tCash With
fcacs Y^.. M .°. m . h v.v/.v- *!
FOREIGN ' iSn^y .4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ Weekly . 1.00 Per Year Extra
1 T POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
tJ ' U to RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
air.cle Copies will be forwarded when re-
j^ail subscribers in ordering <**»*•**\u25a0£:
i^rebouia be particular to give both NEW
' LND OLD ADDRESS in or<fer to Insure *
t _-4 correct complUace with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
03.6 -trot-way Telephone Main 1063
ALAMEDA OFFICE: &
455 Park Street. Near Santa CT.-r- Av*no_»
Phone Alameda 658.
BERKELEY OFFICE :
'_« Center Street Telephone North 77
\u25a0WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
A. E. CRANE 1400 O Street. N. W.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81
-njon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avecu*
lotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
gherman Houm; P. O. News Co.; Great
.'orthera Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Ic<el; Palmer Houm.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
:. GEORGE KROGNESS. MarQuette Building-
<Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
TEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulldin*
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
'. C. CARLTON Herald Square
IUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
' corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year:
t BRANCH OFFICES:
Market street, orpoeite Fifth; open until
p. m.
Montgomery aye. ; open until 9 p. m.
Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
McAC_ater etreet: open until 0:30 p. m.
Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
vu Mission street; of»n until 10 p. m.
Qt Eleventh street; open until 9 p. tn.
036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
."rsrtljeast corner Church and Duncan streets; 1
open until 9 p. m. i
C"<> Fillmore street; open until 9 p. tn. '
;»!\u2666 J etreet, near Ocean Boulevard; open I
un-Jl $> p. m. ' *..* I
MEKTING NOTICES.
,'ALIFORNIA Council <3f Kadosh ---""\u25a0 j
No. 7. A. ar.d A. S. R.. JSSM ~ z iMf'
<>'.ary st. — Called meeting a l ßm TS j
'\u25a0:\u25a0- (FRIDAY) EVENING l«B^Sia_i
* \u25a0 .Kk. Tv.enty-flfth and S*?§S3*ss3 '!
Tirrnty-nliUh dogre*^. Visiting SJ Kgr i* :
• brethren cordially Invited.
'HAS. JELLINKK. Rec. iMM*I»
"ALIFORNIA Oommandery No. 1 K. \u2666 !
T.-Stated awr-mbly THIS <FRI-
I'AYt EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. IMi
No «ork. By order of the Com-
:n«nd*r. OTTO F. WESTPHAL..
WILLIAM R. JOPT. Recorder.
.SYLI'M of G«ld<»n Gate Commandery _^_x__t
No.'l«'.^i\. T.. 839 Sutter st. — Officers j«|™
'ikl invrnheiF arp hcrt-by notified to !Dsj
• n.-(=^inhle In full un'forrr. at the s*y-
', luni TO-DAY at 12:.".(» o'clock, for the pur- |
' j«-«.* of attending the funeral of our late i
t. frstor. Sir JOHN IRA PABIN.
\u25a0 THKU. KROLICH. Recorder.
/LIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. «
9 M. — The officer* and members of the vy
\u25a0 Bbovp named lodge are hereby notified /^^\
vt" atfnd the funeial of our late
") blather. JOHN IKA PABIN in Golden Gate
• Hall. <;_5 Sutter St.. THIS DAY <FRIDAY».
*'t»«;tob<'r 13, at 1 :S0 o'clock p. m. Master
; M»*ons end friends of th* d«^.eas i ?d are In-
s <ited. By order- of th? Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. gpcretary.
; Af^T Matrons' Association. O. E. S., ,r":
\u25a0re requested to attend the funeral of — jL
«ur lr.t<? teeretaiy. Slptc-r ETTA vjg
HEL'ER TO-DAY (FRIDAY). Oct. ***
13, rroni her late rcFidonce. 2117 Taylor Ft.
\u2666 ; By ordc-r
NELI.IF. A. DARLING. Pr«->'dent.
AMFORNIA I>jd*r» No. I. K. or \u25a0_£*»
P.. ni^ts THIK (FRIDAY! E\TN- !
TNG at 7:30 o'clock. Pioneer build- /2_K?
* Injj. 24, Fourth Ft. Knijrht rank am- _^SSRI
liUned. Visitor* invited. "*^
JOHN m. iy>irn>N. c. c.
rt. n. McLennan, k. of p.. and s.
• THIS ' 'FRIDAY) EVEN-
ING at S o'clock. Pioneer if&i i\\eMl
'.insn Ft., Hfir. Francisno— '^V^&S-*^ 6 *^**
Ai! niembfr!' are requosted IS— p**"^^
. to b«> present THIS <FRI- [
DAY» EVEXING. Matters or importance to
. \m transacted.
J. F. PETZINGEH. <^apte.in.
J. T. JONKS. Captain's ci«. r k.
TI'BFS and brotljrrs of Pohonsch^e VS{^*_.
\u25a0Pi-Ibe .N' r . :: r >. Imp. < ; •!. M. : You J^cxx.%*
.*r» Tiereby notified to attend lh* 'u-SSkST
v funeral of our late broth'-r. FRANCIS IR-
\u25a0U'IN. from Red lien's Hall. 220 Golden Gate
' i>v».. FRIDAY. Oct. 13. m 1:30 p. m. By
order. EAST-. HARMAN. . Sachem.
\u25a0I WM. M'TTALU Chief of Kecordg.
S.i.-V" ACKVTS WAXTED.
1 'ANTEI^ — A No. I mill supply and machinery
1 .*r>U!-e to act as ag^m for oid-^stabilshrd tna-
' thine knife manufajcturer. Address "Old Km-
.] lablithed." box 3581. Cell office.
' -'ANTED — Manufacturer's figent to handle
;v !«rg»»»l line of «la?s oipn« n>afj» In United
htatep; r^ferrnc*-!? must »<*fompany applica-
' tlon. Addrpes Pittsburg Advertising Co., j
\u25a0 J'iushuic. P«.
\u25a0' CF-XT"! make flO |cr day selling our "Mend-
iSarii)": it news, it rivots; our "Farmers'
jy Standby" : fi tools In one; gt.od side line with
'Si:., THOMAS N. KOOTK CO., 1-os Angeles. |
'."»• PER month niaxJ^ Foiling lots; no knowl- 1
Ij^wige of bui-incss necessary. Call IS2, j
''"rocker building.
ORTRAIT agent? — W> <Jo work fcr trade
{•inly: ««11 or writ* fr.r prices. Chicn«-^ and
I'run Francisco Portrait Cv.. r. 812. T3S Mlssl n.
\_ ATTO-XEYS.Vr.LAW. -
A— DIJ'OiiCE; costs ?12; quick, quiet; ad-
'\:ce tree: no charge unices Euccessiul; open
" rv«ninfef; wills, deedn. leases, bills of t&le
jirsd articles cl co-partnership carefully pre-
i.ared; bankruptcy, collections and probating
it estEU-e. 9*7 Market St., room 301.
A— DIVORCE cc*t« Jl2.
<iuick. culet: legal advlc* free.
! 'No charre unless euccecsful.
J.'fAll law business.
Examiner building, room 316. third floor.
. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
Oth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
yeare; all courts, general courts and office
*. practice; no tte in advance or fcr consulta-
tion: evpninss by eppointment. Tel. Red 3GOI.
J3VJCE tree; legal divorce costs $12; all law
caseu handled; no fee In edvance: open Rat-
: ',{urday erenings; ether evenings by appoint-
ment: call and save money. SVj Mkt.. r. 33.
) €. CLARK. 827 Market, room 302. consulta-
tion free; so fee In advance. Open evenings.
. OMPLETE divorce fcr $20 by able young at-
torney. For fnter*'lt w ad. lock box 422. city.
T> ASTHMA CURE.
0 DI NOLA'S eethasa remedy cures; for sale
by all druggist*: main d*pot 1602 Market
«l. fit. Nlcholai Hotel: 10c. 25c. 60c postage.
BOAnprvc Fon ciiilduex.
U)T would like child to board;, terms rea-
" *onable. «42 <Jer_rd et.
.; *DV wants child to board and teach German;
\u25a0; v!.:.; home; sarden. 113& Turk st. >
J BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s4oo; FRCIT store; choicest location In the
i Mission- business AI; owner to go to Tono-
pah; a 'bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearay ct.
A— s2soo: CORNER grocery and bar with 3
living rooms; choicest location. Western Ad-
dition; rent $34; place established years;
owner to leave America. Call R. G. WILKE,
26H Krarr.y st.
A— s2so; WELL established restaurant and
chophouse with 2 rooms; on water front; rent
$10; a rare chance; making money. R. G.
WILKE. 26',j Kearny st.
OLD established bakery in Western Addition:
large store tcade; bake 6 barrels a day:
owner engaged in other business only cause
of gale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
CHANCE of lifetime: a painting, whitening,
paperhar.glng business; everything complete
to do tiiy Job; stock, tools, etc. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26 % Kearny st.
A— s2soo: SALMON on California street, close
to Montgomery, and A No. 1 paying b'J«l-
nees; owner to leave city; full value in
sight. All particulars at R. G. WILKETS.
2C4 Keainy st.
A— J20OO; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict: mercantile lunch; no Sunday or night
woik; place doing a rushing business;
would exchange for . property. R. G.
. WILKE. 26U; Kearny st.
A—st<so;A — $t<50; BAKERY and confectionery on Mason
6.; 2 years' lease; established 20 years;
monthly «les $1200; a rare chance. Partlcu-
lars R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St. \u25a0
A— $1000; BUTCHER shop with 6 years' lease;
very best location; 6th and Market 6ts.; full
value In sight;, a rare bargain. Call R. G.
WILKH, 26^i Kearny Bt.
A— s2ooo; BAKERY; established years; baking
4 barrelc a day; 2 ovens, 2 horses, 1 wagon;
large store trade. Particulars at R. G.
WILKE' S. 26V4 Kearny st.
NEWSPAPER MEN AND PRINTERS. T
If you understand your business and have or
can quickly raise at least $10,000 cash, there
is an opportunity to buy all or part of one
of. the best raying publishing nnd printing
businesses in the West. , It is not a cheap
proposition, but the price is very low for
what is offered. 11l health reason for cell-
ing. Full investigation afforded one who
chow» that he means business. Address box
3776. thi« office.
WANTED — A No. 1 mill supply and machinery
house to act as agent *Or old-established ma-
chine knife manufacturer. Addrees "Old Es-
tablished." box 3581. Call office.
WELL-KNOWN restaurant for sale: doing
good business: in a city not far from 9. F. :
located near the courthouse, fronting P. O.
end theater; completely furnished; French
range, 17 tables, private mis; cash reg. and
refrigerator: cheap: fine opp. forright party.
App. Rianda & Co.. 627 Montgomery 3t..5. F.
HOTEL AND SALOON—
$1100— In factory district. Hotel and saloon
with 18 furnished rcoms. Liquor, license,
etock and everything goes at this price.
Business amounts to $s</0 per month. Own-
er leaving city. 1450 SRn Bruno aye.
FOR SALE.
1 THE finest vp j to-dat« wholesale and retail
hornee*. saddlery, shoe findings and leather
; business' on the coast for eale; can make all
i the money you want. Correspond with JOHN
' T. STOLL, Sacramento, Cal.
j FOR ssle — Cornt-r grocery and bar; 2 living-
rooms; does a large business; price $2000;
very low rent; owner going south: no agents.
Address or call on ivORINE, Grand South-
ern Hotel, corner Seventh and Mission Etc.
j CHEAPEST SALOON IN CALIFORNIA.
Best located and appointed saloon in. this
pruaptrous city; 25,000 trading population;
firs:-cla*s trade: long lease; every dollar in
ti«ht- quick sale account Eickness: price
$:;50P. Add. P. O. bo- 222. Watsonville. Cal.
AN energetic man with $2500 capital, or a good
! plumber wi;h that amount of capital can
X buy an interest and draw a salary In a good
paying business; investigate at once. Box
2093. Call office.
FOR sale — One of the leaaing restaurants in
Berkeley; price $1200. For further particu-
lars apply to J. P. HALE, 1611 Sbattuck
«ye.. northwest corner of Ktiattuck and
Union «l.
S2OO— PARTNER wanted: established business;
1 no previous experience required; sure to pay
?:•<» a month to each; steady man required;
call an<l inquire. 1C117V3 Market St., room 2.
$2Oii — CANDY and ice-cream parlor; good
chance for a man and wife; established over
4 years: 3 living-rooms; rent $1«- 1051
Folsom st. _^
MACHINIST wishing steady employment for
small Investment; gooi returns; established :
i>ue!n»?s adrtrese. SANTA ROSA MACHINE
WORKS <Inc). Santa Rosa. Cal.
RESTAURANT and cafe for sale In Interior
tou-n; well equipped; good business; only
flrM-claws rfs-taurant in town. For par-
ticulars nddresp hex .1757, Call office.
?1000— RESTAURANT and lunch room; fln«
business: best location; must sell quick for
(too>i reason; a bargain. D. L. JUNCK, 2111
Phattuck aye.. Berkeley.
i $500^ — REAL estate business with lease; low
rtnt; good location. J. P. HALE.. 1511 Shat-
tuck aye.. or cor. University and Shattuck
ayes.. Berkeley. Cal.
SECOND-HAND nore. clothing, nhirts. ties,
hais. in Market pt., for sale: $2t;0; a bar-
gain. Call 1221 Market, near Bth. -
I RESTAURANT, with liquor license, close to
Ocean: 5 ye.arp' lease: pocd budneF*; price
*rSQ. Inquire 563>4 Market; no agents.
i PHARMACY. |600; well pstablished: part cash:
1 FiekncFS cause of selling; rent $18. 2753
Mission st.
SHOE store: family trade; furn. rooms; cash
reg.: good repair trade; owner going East;
good man can. clear $150 mo. 509 Larkln st.
WANTED — Man to join high class magician;
no experience necessary; must have small cap-
ital. Prof. Ix>rr.e, 1225 Geary, hours 1-3, 7-8.
FOR SALE— Business requiring $20,000; will
interest party wishing to place active son;
control selling end. Box 3737, Call.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
FOR sale— Well established paying business.
."524 Aluson st.
$ir.O — BRANCH bakery, stationery, notions,
candy, etc.; 4 rm». ; rent $10. 1223 Stelner st.
FOR sale — Saloon doing good business; fine lo-
cation; pric* reasonable. Apply 845 Folsom.
U<jOl» t>y_ter house for pale: selling on account
of Fickne*?. 50 Seventh, opp. new poEtofflce.
$200— FINE r*staurant. neatlng capacity 75:
cost 5750: Krßnd bargain; invest. 932 Mission.
FOR fak — Roadhcuße and hotel; near city; da-
lug good business. Box 37CS. Call. •" : :
CANDY and ice cr^anj parlor: well established;
good location; $500. 621 Vallejo st.
HORSESHOEING and blacksmith shop; good
UFh trade; a snap. Address box 3C2S, Call.
A COAL yard cheap: alto rooming-houses, $200
• and upward. Call .'>.'J(! Phelan building.
LAUNDRY plant fcr sale; good order. SPECK.
; 2132 Fqlsom st.
I A CITY outside route cf The Call for sale. Ap-
; piy 31C4 Twenty-fourth st. .
j ELECTRIC laundry, est. 8 yr».. for tale, in-
; cluClng prop; doing good bus. Box 23_6. Call.
GOOD Call iG-ia 101 sale. A'.-j'&r at Call
clflc*^
A BRANClFbfflye of The Call for the deception
of advertisement* and subscriptions has been
opened at lOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOOKKEEPING.
LET us keep your books; nothing too large,
nothing too small; we make a specialty of
keeping small rets of books.
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO.. -'-- :",.
Tel. Montgomery 1311. 9SO Market «t.
BICYCLES.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. 182tt Polk st.
LODGING-HOUSE* FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chanceß.
Fine home, choice location, 12 extra well
furnished rooms, where yuu can clear $60 per
month and have 3 best rooms.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st,
SCHWEINHARD & CO..'
Real Estate and Rocmlng-House Brokers,
100SIA Market st.. opp. sth; phone Jessie 3041.
Buyers: We have houses to suit you; honest
values guaranteed or no sale.
FOR sale — A centrally located and . profitable
lodging-house of 120 rooms; present owner
has had it over 20 years; no agents. Ad-
dress C. H.. box 3740, Call.
FISHETt & C0... ....... ....".Ph0ne Main 3304
Roozs 4."5. James Flood Building.
I Furnished rooming-houses. . hotels and flats. '-..
THE '.-SAN; FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY,. OCTOBER 13 V 1905.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
CHEAPEST, best-pay.hse.3o rs. : chpirenlrcash
or exch.for chp.hse.ft lot In Oakl'd.llld Missn.
PRIVATE boarding-house; factory district.
Call at grocery store, 1030 Folsom st.
NEATLY furnished 22-room lodging-house; fine
transient trade; bargain for cash. 116 4th 9t.
RoomSnsr-HouiirM and Hotel- for Sale.
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market st.. Room 801, Eighth Floor.
Rooming-House Broker. Phone Main 3343.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA— PROF. NIBLO.
IT IS JUST AS CHEAP TO SEE THE BEST.
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS, $1.
$1 00— LOW FEE— $l 00.
BRING CALL COUPON AND SAVE $4.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READING
FOR $1 IF YOU BRING THIS.
ADVERTISEMENT.
411 A ELLIS ST., NEAR JONES ST.
NO CHARGE IF NOT SATISFIED WHEN
READING IS OVEK — YOTT TO BE JTJDGE.
I DO HEREBY SOLEMNLY AGREE and
guarantee to make no charge if I fall to call
you by name in full, namvs of your friend!",
enemies or rivals. I promise to tell you
whether your husband, wife or sweetheart Is
true or false; tell ?ou how tp gain the love
of the' one you most desire, even though
miles away; how ,to succeed in business,
speculation, lawsuits; how to marry the ons
of your choice; how to regain youth, health
and vitality. Removes evil Influences, cures
drink habits, locates treasures, cures all
nervous diseases.
How can I have good luck? /
How can I succeed In business?
How can I make my home happy?
How can I conquer my enemies?
How can I marry the one I choose?
How can 1 marry well?
How soon can I marry?
How can I conquer my rivals?
How can I make any one love me?
How soon will my lover propose?.
How can 1 get a good position? '
How can I remove bad influences? >
How can I control any one?
How make distant ones think of me?
How can I hold my husband's love? •
How can I keep my wife's love?
Oldest Established. First Registered.
Best Known Clairvoyant in California.
Others may come and others may go. but
Professor NIBLO always remains.
Hours, 10 to 8 daily and Sunday. 1
411 A Kills st.. near Jones st. '
Permanently-located In his own home.
PROFESSOR NIBLO. [
PROF. LIVINGSTONE
If you wish reliable advice consult PROF.
LIVINGSTONE. , . .t .
You hear the truth and nothing but the
truth, be it good or bad. He positively refuses
to accept any fee in advance and leaves it to
your Judgment whether he has performed all
he claims and advertises to do.
Full Life Reading 60c. Hours 10 to 8.
: LIVINGSTONE— 26% Kearny— LIVINGSTONE
' A PHENOMENAL $5 mental reading for $1.
ST. GEORGE ORMONDE 1031 Market st.
YokM initiate, clairvoyant, psychic palmist.
Tell you more than all others combined:
how to overcome sickness, drink or w«ak
habits, enemies, spells, lost vitality, bad
luck; find treasures, valuable mines; marry
your choice; restore lost love; secure secret
pow«rs of control; reunites separated; im-
plants business success. Hours 10 to 8.
$10.000 for his equal: readings by mail $2.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St..
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of life; Miss Wille guarantees an
honest reliable, satisfactory reading; revenla
the past; gives correct forecast of your fu-
ture; advises you on important affairs,
whether financial, domestic; love or business:
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cirate the one you love; reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. m:: French. German. English spoken.
CASSANDRA. 1007% Market St.. near Sixth—
Before taking any important step in love,
marriage, divorce, purchases, sales. Invest-
ments. Journeys, health, consult the great
dalrvovant and palmist. Cassandra; she Is
the famous medium who predicted the Russo-
Japanese war 4 years ago; also tha assassin-
ation of President McKinley; readings, $1;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. in.
LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and Psychic; the . oldest, and
best-known clairvoyant In San Francisco.
Reopened at 3C6 O'Farrell st. . Hours. 10 to
fi. Readings by mall. $2.
ISMAR; Egyptian peeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market Bt, Ban Francisco. Office hours— lo
«. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12. 'Phone
South 1141.
MME ZERRAH. clalrvoj-Rnt. palmist, card
reader: past 2 years Santa Cruz; 25c up.
1153 Market.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of li'n; satisfac-
tion guar.; 25c up. 17 3d. next Examiner bids.
MME. KRONF.NBERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when. others fall try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102 Vi Cth, nr. Mission.
MISS ZEMDAR. young:, gifted clair. & palm.,
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names 60c, 51. 1035 Fillmore. nr. McAllister.
RETURNED. MME. OI>ELL, card and tea-cup
reader: 2."ic-r>oc; satisfaction guar. 5C5 Jones.
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous-clairvoyant,
gives names; advice in all affairs. 5 4th st.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant* card reader, haa
removed from ICS Sixth %t. to oi>4 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
MARGRET ALDORA, spiritual medium. Just
from East; circle Wednesday and Friday
evenings; readings dally. 459 Geary st.
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 120 C Market, r. 10. Gait House.
MRS CRINDLE. materializing eeancea. Friday
and Sunday eve's, 1004' Van Ness aye.
EARLE'S seance Sun.. Wed.. 219 Eddy st. ;
readings. Hotel Hlgglns. O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
A— RETURNED, H. Jerome Fosselll. scientific
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter: tel.Hlack .1608
HYPNOTISM.
AILMENTS of nervrs or mind cured; no drugs.
De Lauff, magnetist. 709 Bush; hrs.. 1-5. 7-S.
CA RPET-BE ATI KG AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Proces used
for cleaning carpets on floor without remov-
al; carpet and rugs also cleaned by com-
pressed air at shop; prices moderate.- S. F.
Compressed Air Cleaning Company. 308 Mar-
ket et.: phone Main 152 and Bush-479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pior.e? r Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet-Cleaning Works, 18C9 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FREI> HAGE-
DORN & CO. ; phone Mission 225. \u25a0
CONKLIN'S. Superior Carpet Beating Works,
Golden Gate aye. & Larkln; phene East 126.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., J. McQueen
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE tarpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3o yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beatinu works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at. ; tel. Mission 263.
LACE CURTAINS AND BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New York Curtain House; most
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. 1324 Fillmore: phone West 5306.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st.; rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 05SO.
CUrtK FOR RUPTURE.
DR. PIERCES Magnetic Elastic Truss; per-
fect retainer: positive cure; book free. \u25a0 Re-
moved to 200 Kearny st., -room 307.
dentists.
HrexleiTpainless"- d^l^^l~^o^p^anyT
Perfect ' painless dentistry at lowest prices '
Full set of teeth, %'i; silver nllings, 25c; gold
fillings, $1; gold crowns, W; bridgo work. $3.
1104 Market et.,' corner Turk. - . •
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns. $3 50;'fllllngs, 50c:.
plates, $5; full eet; all work -: painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 1 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1413 Market,- near 11th—
No charge for extracting when -plates ~ are
made: old plates made over. like new;. teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. *
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction,
SOc. New York Dentists. OU9 Mission, cor. Oth'
DR. J. E. YOUNG, dentist, ; removed to 406
Sutter st.'. rooms 7-and"B. - - • : ;. .*- \u25a0
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c: crowns," $2. \ no
• pain; op. Sun Dr.A.C.Hewitt.lol% Grant ay.
CHEAPEST and b»st in America— The Wetkiy
Call,- 16 pages, • t#nt to : any address c ln. the
United States or Canada one year, for 81.. '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
STEWART'S Lining Pleating and buttonhole
1 Factory *>f 1 10 Taylor st. will remove to 14
and ~16 Taylor : st. about October 1..- '
MRS. ESTES 'fashionable dressmaktng. St.
Katbryn Hotel. 480 Ellis; tel. East 1389. 1
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Miillnery School
—Eve. class: - patterns ' cut.' 1100 Market st.
DAY AND CONTRACT WORK.
CARPENTER and builder wants work by day
or contract. C. C. LEROY, 502 Jessie st.
EDUCATIONAL.
A SCHOOL TO MAKE MEN,
NOT TO MAKE MONEY.
Over half a million invested; Young Men's
Christian Association Institute of Practical Ed-
ucation. Mason and Ellis ets., San Francisco;
night and day classes; "foreigners taught Eng-
lish; night and day school ror men; school for
employed boys; night law school; 30 subjects
taught; 25 instructors employed; steam engi-
neering a specialty; all commercial' branches;
a full business course: the greatest system of,
night schools in existence; gymnasium - prlvi-;
leges Included to students; apply for descriptive
catalogue.
H. J. McCOY. General Secretary.
E. E. ESDON. Acting Educational Director.
ALL who deeire to prepare for teachers' exam-
inations or State normat schools should Join
the special fitting clasrwof the Lyceum,
Phelan bldg. ; noted spec.ailsts In charge who
prepared many successfully; excellent refer-
ences; shortest time; moaerate rales; teach-
ers now In great demand. . .
A — THE Lyceum, an excellent preparatory
school for university, lav, 1 aud medical col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students euc-
cessfully and we shall prepare you; day,
evening session: references President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS. C0L.. 833 Market,
conducted by Robt. F. Gallagher, expert
court reporter, holds world's record for short-
hand writing: successful hlmeelf, will make
you ?o: shorthand typing, hookpg. Catalogue.
ALL who desire good positions should attend
this college; wa have had 250 good placed
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege. 738 Mission st.:- '
THE Paul (Jerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Bend for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Englnerlng, 24
Post St., S. F.; civil. minUip. electrical, eteam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
I . Established ISCo: largest In the West; annual
fnrollm^nt 1C00; s<-nd for circular.
DANCING, both adult and children's classes,
now oyen at Hinman's School of Dancing,
1412 Polk St.. near California: phone 2126.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec. roin., mech., sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, eve; est. 1864. van
der Nailien School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
VOICE culture, singing, piano: Italian method;
classes now forming. MRS. FRANCK. 644
Fillmore st. \u25a0
A— METROPOLITAN-California-Students Joln-
ed. Business. Stenographic. 925 Golden Gate.
A— SPANISH. French. Italian/English branch-
es. MRS. AMES. 1311 Octavla st.. nr. Geary.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Post st.— Night classes.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. •
A— ORPIIEUM Employment office— Japanese.
Chinese help; removed to 062 Sutter st., be-
tween Powell and Mason; tel. Main 5752.
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment Office
promptly furnishes all kinds of reliable help.
George Sakauye. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135.
STAR Employment Office— Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTJV. 401). Powell St.; tel. Main 1751.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. office
furnishes' reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. KIODA. 405 Post st.; tel. James 601.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY, 415 Stockton st. ; tel. Bush 859.
AN old estab. (1S50) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG'S, removed to 51S Plne;tel.Grant 156.
Finest Japanese help: housecleanlnp specialty:
Geo.,R. Kunlabe, 343 Mason: tel. James 5251.
H. AY. HONG, 1113 Clay St.; Chinese employ-
ment office; -best help. Tel. East 426. ...
CHINESE -and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chine*? help of all'klnds furnlsh-
ed; housecleanlng. '\u25a0 70S .Taylor: James 7636.
RELIABLEi Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all .kinds, help. 315 i Stockton. Main 5183.'
EMPLOYMENT- WANTED— FEMALE.
A YOUNG American woman would like per-"
manont situation to keep, house for an aged
couple, widow; neat housekfeper, good 000k
and capable of taking full charge if wished;
have two- little girls past ft, which I, should
like to keep .with me: will answer all let-
ters. Box 3789.' Call office.'
GERMAN woman want." to do washing at her
her home. Address 1335 Natoma St., near
Fifteenth.
A YOUNG woman would llko position as
chambermaid in lodging-house. Box 3310,
Call office.
A GOOD housekeeper; an elderly, respectable
woman wishes situation to do light house-
work or to care for the sick; good mother
to children. 334 Waller st., between Web-
ster and. Fillmore.
INTELLIGENT reader dsslrcs engagements;
reading to invalids, blind or elderly people
or children. Address Reader, 68 Waller st.
TRAINED nurse would like a position In an
Institution 1 or to take charge of an Invalid;
highly recommended. Box .'{747, Call.
POSITION wanted by an experienced book-
keeper; competent and reliable. MARY 1 M.
FAHEY. 538 Turk st.
COMPETENT laundress wishes work by the
day; Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.
Phone Kast 4543; evenlnjrs. .
! YOUNG German woman, experienced house-
keeper, wishes position jn a ' Chrlßtlan fam-
lly only; wagea $30. Address 144 Day st.
A COMPETENT woman desires care of inva-
lid: experience, references. Box 3785, Call.
A GIRL wishes position for general houee-
work. Apply 1201 Clement st.. Richmond.
FINLAND girl, good cook, wants work, Ameri-
can family. $30. l'2o Ritch st. ._
GERMAN woman wants, to do upstairs work;
speaks very little English. Box 3769, Call.
FIHST-CLASS German cook wants situation;
wages $40. BSS Stockton st.
OBSTETRICAL nurse; doctor's references. 424
Fourteenth St. Phong Church 3205.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
MAN and wife in hotel or country place; man
painter end pap^rhanger; understands repair-
ing^ furniture: no boozsr; reference*. Box
POSITION wanted by respectable old gentle-
; man as bartender in country hotel or road-
house; sober, steady and reliable; wages no
object;. good references. Box 3781, Call. .
ELDERLY. - active man wants work as chore-
man about a place or care for horse and
garden; $15 per month. Box 371'6, , Ca11.
STRONG, reliable young man wants position
of any kind, where there is chance for ad-
vancement. Box 3715, Call offlc*.
WANTED— Work of any kind by man 40 years
\ of age; has been a Government clerk. TWOS.
M. SEHON. general delivery.'
WANTED— Position flrst-class chauffeur In
I private family; can furnish references. Ad-
dress JOS. J. WAMPACH. Hotel St.
James,- corner Bush st. and Grant aye.
CARPENTER— Foreman, first-class mechanic,
. wishes to take charge of work for private
parties: those that want ' to . build; residences
cr flats; city or country. Box 3748, Call. .--
EXPERT accountant wants small set books
for firms 'or persons to < keep evenings or
Sundays: terms low;-, interview requested.
Box 3«50. Call. |
SOBER, industrious man, . middle-aged, wants
situation; -private plade; house, garden, etc.;
can do plain cooking: references; wages $-0.
Eox 3750. Call office. ;-. s
A \ YOUNG, active married man. age - 30, does
any kind of work, not afraid of work, wishes
steady ' employment. 2011 1 ,2 Hyde ' St., or
box 3734. Call office.
YOUNG ; German, 21 years, -'; wants situation;
-' private, etc.: any kind of work; reply please.
* Box 3786,' Call office.
YOUNG man, business college graduate, ..would
'-\u25a0\u25a0 like a ? position In some \ office ~ as assistant
! \bookkeeper. Box 3744,; Ca11. :'."." •.'\u25a0
WANTED— Position by first-class confectioner;
city or country.'. •' Address fA. 8.,; care of
CHARLES ESSELL. Call. : : -' ' ; • t
YOUNG i man desires; occupation - on .» poultry
- ranch. .. JOLLY. 2137( Center st., ; Berkeley. \u25a0•
POSITIONS wanted, by; man and wife as cook
-.:\u25a0 and chambermaid;- city or private place;' re-
; liable." Box 5746. Call ; office ' ' ' ~ ,
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE— Con.
YOUNG man. aged 24, with 3 years' experi-
ence in th« hardware business, wishes posi-
tion filling orders ox selling goods; -city or
country : best of references. Box 3707, Call.
YOUNG man, 28 years old, wants to learn
painter's trade, sign or house. Address box
37i:j, Call office. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'-".\u25a0-''\u25a0
POSITION of any kind wanted by an honest,
reliabla man: handy with tools and ex-
perlenced driver. Box 377». Call office.
BARBER, young married " man. wants steady
.position; 5^ years in last place. Box 3772.
Call office. \u25a0- ' \u25a0
SINGLE man wants position In city; doe« not
ute tobacco or intoxlcents; wages moderate.
AdJregs E. 8., box Call office.
.GERMAN, middle-aged, wants position as
Janitor or lunchman; experience and refer-
ences. Box 3653. Call.
AN experienced, all-around butcher desire* to
get. work or to get into partnership: city or
country. Address F. :8., 1547 Fifteenth »t.
CARPENTER (flrst-class) wants work; day or
contract; old houses shingled. -W. M. PEAR-
SON. 48 East »t.
GERMAN housecleaner wants house and win-
dow cleaning. A. POHLSEN. 706 Van Neaa.
FIRST-CLASS German barber. wants position.
Address M. BOCHOW. C 35 Stevenson st.
FIREMAN wants posltioii; 4 year's experience
in coal. Address 3614, Call office.
NIGHT worker; Japanese boy; 0 to 12 p. m.
Address T. SAKATA. 81C^ Stockton Bt.
TWO Japanese want positions of 'cook and
waiter In Oakland; cood experience. 619
Tenth st., Oakland. .
JAPANESE flrst-class cook, hotel, $50 month.
Fin* cook for steamers, also chief, $60; sec-
ond cook, $33 and $40.
First-class laundress. $30 month up.
Good ehnmberwork. $30 month up.
First-class help always on hand.
GEO. X., propr.. 343 Mason; tel. James 5251.
EXPERIENCED, flrst-class Japanese cook,
graduate Yamada's Cooking School, under-
t nnils fancy cooking and baking. wants
good position in city; has references. - S. 8.,
1410 Pine. Phone East 1608. ' '.. -
A JAPANESE wants position to do waiting at
' table and housework or hall boy; has good
references $6 up a week. FRANK. 703
Larkln st.; tel. East 8770.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants position as cook
who has much experience in cooking and
housekeeping economy; $30 month. UCHI,
12108 Larkln gt.
EXPERIENCED flrst-class Japanese cook
wants Dosltion in city family; hai refer-
ence; $7 or $8 week up. KIME. 504 Du-
pont St.: Japanese atore; phone Black 4541.
AAA— Flrst-class Japanese cook wants position
in private family; honest and reliable boy;
$7 or $8 a week. Box 3700. Call.
EXCELLENT Japanese family cook wants po-
sition. FRANK XOSAKA, 744 ' Post St.;
phone East 1951. . '
GOOD Japanese boy wants a position as cook
In family. H. TAOKA, 451 Jessie St.;
phono South 1161. .
JAPANESE wants work mornlnsr or evening
only; room out. G. ALZA. care House Clean-
ing, l>ls Geary.
JAPANESE: irood plain cook and housework;
city or country. GEORGE, 703 Larkin St.;
M.- Fast 8770. \u25a0 '
JAPANESE boywants position to do cooking
and housework. 840 Bush st. ; tel. Black 1996.
JAPANESE, flrst-class cook, wants situation
In gun club. Address F. S., 258 A O'Farrell.
A JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position. 710
Sutter st. •
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook want? position In
private family; no washing. SING LEE.
1005 Stockton Et.
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants . position in
hotel, restaurant or boarding-house. WONG
VOW. 809 Dupont at. ' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
CHINESE boy. flrst-claeß family cook, wants
position. ' 822 Dupont st. \u25a0 .
FIXAXCIAI,. .
SOME treasury stock in old estab. brick com-
pany for sale; absolutely safe, conservative;
has paid 15% past 15 years. Box 3*73. Call.
FIiATS TO LET.
" '"" AAAA •: .
Every desirable vacant dwelling Is listed In
our renting department. Combined lists from
25 of the largest agencies. Baves a world of
time and trouble. v . --. - .*,,..
Service f s absolutely free. - / '-
You are not asked to buy or even. look at fur-
: nlture. Welcome! •
\u25a0 STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY. .
1039 Market St.. opposite McAllister.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment and rooming- houses; our
renting department Is free of all; we can find
you a home in any part of the city: ask for
no peyment other than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
uso this department freely; you are more
than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-239 Geary
st. (on the square).
5 ROOMS, bath and wash tubs each; 118-IISVj
P«rry. near Third . and Harrison; 39-41-43
Langton, 4 and 5 rooms, bath and wash tubs;
new, clean and convenient: 711 Harrison^ 4
rooms;. Cs7 Jessie, near Seventh, 6 rooms. "
$25 — SUNNY flat; sr. and b. ; yard, basement.
218 Willow aye.. off Van Ness, bet. Eddy
and Kills. '
NEW modern flat: 5 rooms and bath; newly
tinted: $20. 3825 Tvrenty-fourth st., near
Church.
HALF month's rent free; come and »cc those
beautiful flats, 4 rooms and bath; $18, $20.
2736 to 2750 Franklin St.; marine view.
$25 — ELEGANT flat. 5 rooms, bath. 901 Scott
. St., NW. cor. McAllister. Owner, ICS Chat-
tanooga st. ' *
BRODERICK, 143, near Halght— Modern B-
room flat; marble steps, beam ceilings, elec-
tric lights, etc.: owl cars; rent reasonable.
HAIGHT, 1001, near Baker — Nice sunny o-
room flat, facing Buena Vista aye. and park.
GROVE, 715'i — A fine sunny -flat; 7 rooms,
bath; key, at 715 Grove Bt. " \u25a0
GREENWICH, 1827 — 5 rooms, sunny; bath,
ga.i, stationary tubs; rent $16.
BROADWAY. 1255. nr. Hyde — Sunny flat. 3
large rooms; sanitary; fine lawns; $8 to $11.
SIX eleeant new sunny flats; rent very rea-
sonable; 6r. and b. ea. 449 to 450 Chestnut.
$25 — SUNNY flat of 0 rooms, bath, garden;
adults. 2719 Pine st.
$10—240 TOWNSEND Bt.; 4 rooms and bath. )
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms and bath: rent $25.
1926 Stelner st.. near Pine. . -
NEW sunny 5-room flats; separate large yard;
tinted; $20; near park. 657 Third aye.
$25— NORTHEAST comer Pine and Steiner
sts. ; 5 rooms and bath. ,
$17— CORNER upper flat: 5 mmny rooms and
hath; tinted. 3.'t30 Twenty-ilxth St., nr. Capp.
TWO fine sunny flats, 3 and 7 rooms, bath; key
at" 715 Grove et. 1
FLATS FOIt SALE— FURNISHED.
NEWLY furnished, sunny, upper 7-room flat;
: will sell cr rent cheap. Uox 3759. Call office.
FURNISHED corner flat of 0 rooms for sale;
price $175. 1030 Folsom st.
$125— FURNISHED flat, 4 rooms; 2 rooms pay
rent. 372 Clementina St.; call before 3 p. m.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A— PHONE South 1015; tt will pay you to send
. for me before you sell your furniture, car-
. pets, piano, etc. M. Q ALLICK." 201 Larkln.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION* CO.. 1321 Market
at., bet. 9th and' loth, paying big money for
- turniture,' etc. Phone South 179. :
Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, eto.
HENRY,, MAYER pays . highest' prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 752 Mission; tel Bush 813
Z. ABE LEVY. 1135 Market St.. phone Jessl«
7(il. pays cash and buys " everything.
V FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST, given away ; | unredeemed * storage - pi-
/ anos and fur. Whltehead's Storage*. : 1638 Mkt.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES, learn hairdresslng '; and manicuring;
special.t erms; day and ; evening- class; ; only
up-to-date college in city; situations guaran-
teed. MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 405
: Powellst; .'\u25a0•"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. ' :\: \ ;'..:
MIDDLE-AGED woman .to , care . for 'Invalid'
lady; good home; wages moderate; short dis-
tance ; from city. Box 3714 Call.' or 1420 Flf-
-, tecnth st.. Oakland. -: * . .
LADIES; ; wishing , profitable spare time fancy
•;--.: work, requiring no experience or. talent, call
'\u25a0'_;, 9 c to 5. '1344 .Market st.. opp. Sex-enth.-/. \
HAND ".lroners. c, starch*>r« and mangle- gir.s
; wanted. r Apply, at Unltcrt States -Laundry.
'^8111 Sixteenth ;st.7»near.CValencla.n ;
HELP JWANTED-- FEMALE-— Continue*
A— CENT. CAU EMP. CO.. 38? O'Farrell «t.
Male and female help. Phone Main 3425.
' French, German governess. San Rafael. $3CV.
"\u25a0Lady's maid. $25. "„
Chambermaid and seamstress, references, $-».
Parlor maid and waitress, $30. -
Kindergarten teacher. $25 and found,
i French second girl, $25. 4
8 second girls, one Oakland, $,25-$3 O.
1 German girl, •: 2d work, care children, $25.* \u25a0
' Girl, office work, $4 week.
\u25a0 4 housekeepers, one Nevada. $20 each.
French seamstress, take work home.
Nurse. 2 Children. 3 years and 2 months. $25.
Laundress, , hotel, flat work only. $30 found.
Cook, small hotel, country. $40.
Cook, family 4, German cooking. $40.
6 family cooks. $35.
Cook and second girl, Sausallto, $25-SUS.
Mother and daughter, children's ward. Insti-
tution, $35.
Woman, laundry work. $1 60 day.
$30 girls for hswk., city and country, $25-$3 O.
GERMAN or French cook, family $43
\u25a0 5 cooks, German families $30-$35
2 cooks. American family, little wash.s3o-s3o
2 parlormaids, city... $30
4 second girls, city, San Rafael $23
Maid and seamstress IV.'iAA'fo?
3 nurse girls • $15-$2O-»23
Cook 5 men; see boss her* .....$.»
2 working housekeepers ..., * 15 -*- 0
Girl for second work, club house 820
Man and wife, waiter & waitress, hotel.. sso
Housework, Ross Valley $35
2 butlers, city fjjJJ
Second girl, help care 2 children. $.»
2 general housework girls, city $35
Chambermaid; wait 1 meal $-5
Second girl. San Mateo County .....$-5
44 eeneral housework girls, city and coun-
try . $20-$25-S3O; call to-day
J. F. CROSETT fc CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A CHOCOLATE dipper. $S. a wee^ a candy
packer, $S a week; 10 girls with or without
experience, to work in a wholesale candy
factory. Call at MISS PLUNKETT S. 428
Sutter St.. near Powell. Office open at 8.30
a. m. I '
A COOK, also a second cook for same family,
in country, $35 and $25, see party In offloe
to-day.
A cook for a German family. $35.
A cook in a board intc-house. city. $30. /
A cook in a private family. Berkeley. $35.
A second girl for small, family, $25. . "'_•
A cook for small family in mining camp. $33.
MIPS PLUNKETT. 428 Sutter. near Powell.
GIRLS to learn hairdressing. manicuring, mas-
sage, etc.. from A to Z. In 1 mo. for $5 to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: day and evening
class. 234 Post St., room 17, second floor.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery for ta.11;2
seasons from start to flnisn in 1 mo. for $13;
positions guaranteed $12 per week up: learn
now for fall positions. 234 Post, r. 16. 2d floor.
LEARN hairdressiag, facial massage, manlcur-
ing.scalp treatment, hair work.removal super-
fluous hair; day, eve. classes; positions wait-
Ing; $10 week up. 210 Powell, r 2-3. 2d floor.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
GOOD PAY; STEADY WORK. LEV!
STRAUSS * CO.. 32% FREMONT ST. MR.
DAVIS.
. ___________________________ — — — — — — — — — — — — — .
SEWING machine operators on shirts; clean,
light factory; steady work; inexperienced
young women taught and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 1873 Mission
St., tet. 14th and 13th. MR. HINDSHAW.
BRIGHT GIRLS,' ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE.
TO LEARN SHIRTMAKING. WITH A
FIXED AMOUNT GUARANTEED WHILE
LEARNING., STANDARD/ SHIRT FAC-
TORY, COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
WANTED— First-class alteration \u25a0 hands lon
skirts and jackets: also flrst-class operators;
steady work. COSGRAVE'S, 328- Post st.
GIRLS to. learn to. lnspect. knit goods: good
wages. GANTER & "MATTERN .CO., 607
Grove st.
A COOK' and upstairs girl.' who can do mend-
ing., same liou-e. :f4O. Call 233 Third aye..
Richmond ; District." \u25a0 ' .
GIRI^S wanted for bindery, no experience
necessary Mutual. L. &;L. Co., Second and
Bryant Sts.. Bryant St. entrance. '
YOUNG . girls '. wanted :to ! sew !on buttons ; Ino
experience necessary, at -BAUER MFG. 'CO.,
I Mission and. Twenty-third: Sts. • -\u25a0'*
A YOUNG girl to care for two young children:
wages $10 to : $12 per.:month.. Call at 375
. Waller St.. ' near . Fillmore.
YOUNG "German "eirl:' care of children .and
assist with hou«ework. . Apply mornings;
4021 \u25a0! Seventeenth st. . - '
WANTED — Good girl for general homework
and .Cooking: wages $25 to WO. 1430 Masonic
aye.'. near Frederick sti: tel. Park 586.
GIRL wanted for wrapping desk. 920 Market.
I. MAGNIN.
SMART young girls to wosk on gloves. EX-
CELSIOR GLOVE CO.. 413-415 Market St.
FINISHERS on Jackets. LOETWENTHAL'9,
914 Market St. '"~ : •
WANTED a finisher on coats. 229 Stevenson
St.. room 5.
CIGARETTE makers wanted at H. BOHLS &
CO.'S, 244 Fremont st. '
STRICTLY, lst-class chocolate dipper; steady;
$12 wk. Wilson's Ca.idy store. Palo Alto.
WANTED girl for second work and waitress.
Apply 2410 Pacific Aye. \u25a0
GIRLS wanted to tend store In bakery. 531
Castro St.
A GOOD cook; references. Call Friday morn-
Ing. 111" Pot st.
GIRL to learn covering; $3 per week. 2
' Tay st.
LAUNDRESS, small hotel, flat work, $30 and
found. Cent. Cal. Emp. Co.. 388 O'Farrell st.
GIRL or woman wanted: 2 In family. 229
Aahbury St.. near Hayes.
AN experienced restaurant waitress wanted 1 . 7
Ninth st.
WANTED Young women to learn telephone
operating; salary while learning; references
required. Apply after 9 a. m.. 216 Bush st..
third floor. ;
OPERATORS, tuckers and finishers on ladies'
waists; good pay. \u25a0- JUDA BROS.. 320 Mar-
ket st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework: small
family; can sleep home If preferred. 161
Central aye.. corner Page st.
WANTED — Ladles' tailoresa on coats. 796
Sutter et. - ' \u25a0
GIRL for housework: plain cooking: small
family; good wages. 71 Clipper st.
GIRLS 14 years of age or over. Apply 934
Mlsslcn st. \u25a0
WANTED— A girl for general housework. 2448
Clay st. .
FIRST-CLASS operator also finishers, on cus-
tom pants; steady work. 411% Kearny st.
MANICURE and apprentice wanted. • COS-
GROVE'S. 110 Geary st.. \u25a0
GIRL wanted— General hous»ework and cook-
Ing; no children. 626 Shotwell st.
LADY barber wanted; good wages." 723 How-
ard-gt..-.
CERTIFICATE teacher, district school In Call-
'forola. CALVIN ESTERLY. 513 Parrott bid.
FIRST-CLASS waist. . skirt, coat and aleev*
hands; machine operators. 1200 Geary st. .
WANTED— Girls of 16 years and older. Ap-
ply American Can Co.. ' 7th and Townsend.
FIFTY cirls wanted for fruitwork; good pay.
PACIFIC COAST SYRUP CO.; 713-Sansome.
A BRANCH office of The. Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at lflOS Market st.. opposite
Fifth. . Open until 11 p. m. .
BARBERS— Employment and Snpplte*.
INDEPENDENT Shaving Parlor — 5-chalr shop
. for sale cheap on account of sickness; three-
year lease: rent $15: water $173; average
guaranteed receipts, '\u25a0 $co per week. Address
. F/.*H. R.. Call Agency. San Jose.. \u25a0 "
I WANT to buy ;4 or 0 chair barber shop -
wholesale district preferred; particulars. Box
3752. Call of flee. »
2-CHAIR barber shop, with cigar stand that
pays expenses of shop; bargain If sold at
once. '- 1544 Park St.. Alameda.
RARE opportunity; fine trade, .good transient.
B-chaTr » shop; : will \u25a0 add 1 , or 2 more chairs
In ahort while; investigate. Box 3774. Call.
A NEAT one-chair barber shop for sale; rea-
sonable. Address B. to. WATSON. Monte-
rey. Cal. - '\u25a0\u25a0'*.
BARBER wanted , for Satuniay and Sunday;
lCc and 20c shop.,. 938 Folsom st.
GOOD non-union barber at once; steady work.'
,18 Wwsf San \u25a0 Fernando ; gt;.* San Jo«e. ".'
BARBER. : young ..man, h 2 > years' experience,
wants steady position. Box 8753.' Call of flee.
BARBER *hc.p for sal«. 817 Laguna. cor. Mc-
Allister st
' BAHBEnS. ETC. — CoatlnoeA.
$700— 3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; best-
paying business In the city; up-to-date fix-
tures; choice location; Market St.; cheap
rent. COLEMAN. 311 Jaa. Flood building.
BARBER shop. 2 chairs; living rooms In back.l
757?3 Brannan at., near Seventh. -
FOR sale— Barber chop, 3 chairs; living roomi;
rent $12. UXi Howard. \u25a0
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— PACIFIC CON. EMP. AGENCY. Inc.
635 Washington St.— Phona James 330 L
CARPENTERS. _ „_
Build rock crusaers and bunkers, etc.. $10*.
Carpenters for mine co.. north. $3 50.
SANTA CRUZ.
100 laborers, build wagon roads, etc.. $t>O;
ship by train or boat; this is all winter • job
asd the bes tcamp going.
Drillers, open cut. free fare from Livennore,
$67 50; 3 handy men around rock crusher. $3.
•teady work; \u25a0* laborers, brick yard. 25c far*.
$2 25 day. tt hours; miners for Oregon. ?-
and found; miners. Lessen Co.. $9*>. boss
here; quarry laborer*, near city, $-25; 10
laborers, pull down buildings for Western
Pacific. 10c fare. $60; 10 laborers, mina. San
Benito Co.. $4O and found; maa lay pavlns
blocks, city, $3 5<X \u25a0
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY. Inc.
BOT for store $17 and found: 10 rough car-
penters. $2 50 day: 8 house carpentars. $3 50
to $4 day; 2 cement workers. $3 to $4 day;
logway man for mil!. $35 to $40 and found:
miners. $2 25 day; 60 laborers for pick and
•hovel work ,and mines. $2 and $2 25 day;
farmers, milkers choremen and others-. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
COOK and wife. $85; waiter and wife. $50:
restaurant cook. $1S week; second cook. $1$
week: waiters, bellboys dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento st. __________
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUSH 833.
3 carpenters. FACTORY. OAKLAND. $3 s';;
» hours. 5 CARPENTERS, winter's job.
$35 fd. I<> rough carpenters'. $105. 25 la-
borers, coinrany work, $2 CO. 35 laborers
FREE FARE, $00. 3 young men. FACTORY,-
9 hours, $2 day to begin and advance; st*»dy
work. Thousands of other Jobs. C. u» TO-
DAY.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st — Boarding-
house cook. $40; cook. $12 a week; waiter,
plain hotel. $40; dishwasher. $7 a week;
vegetable man $30; lunch waiter, 50 centa
per meal; bedmaker. $3 a we»k; house ser-
vant. $30: dairyman, private place. $35:
bellboy. $10; man to milk cows, tend horse*
and garden, country. $31 and found, etc.
A SECOND coachman, young man. $00, board
and room see party" In olftce to-day; a sec-
ond butler for a small family. $40; a kitchen
boy for a private family. $30. board and
room. MISS PLUNKETT. 42S Sutter st..
near Powell.
WANTED — A No. 1 mill supply and machinery
house to act as agent for old-established ma-
chine knife manufacturer. Addresa "Old Es-
tablished." box 3551. Call office.
ACTIVE trustworthy men of good address,
capable of presenting the "New International
Encyclopaedia." People are Interested and
an opportunity Is offered to make big money;
previous experience not necessary; we train,
and flt each, man for the work assigned 1 him
Call or address DODD. MEAD & CO.. 548-
619 Parrott building. San Francisco.
WANTED for U. S. army — Able-bodied, un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35:
citizens of United States, of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English. For Information epply
to Recruiting Officer. 204 Rlalto bulldins.
New Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— AII salesmen and salesladies seek-
Ins: positions are requested to call at the
Retail Clerk Headquarters and Employment
Bureau. 114S Market St.. near Sixth, between
12 and" 2 or 5 and d p. tn.
BOY \u25a0 wanted to learn watchmaking and Jew-
elry trade; about 14 to I<* years of ajr»;
1 must live at home. Writs box 3814. Call. *
STOCK boys wanted. Apply between 9 and
11 .a. m. at HALE BROS.'
CASHBOYS wanted. Apply between 9 and 11
a. . m. at. HALE BROS."
WAVTKD — Experienced drapery salesman. Ap-
• ply, between 9 and 11 a. ra. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Man to. set up toys: one who un-
derstands mechanical work. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
W\NTED — Delivery boys^ Apply between »
and 11 a. m. a tHALE BROS.'
WANTED— At Shrev-e & Co.'s factory. Bryant
and Zoe sts.. between Third and Fourth,
apprentices to learn the trade.
BOY to work around store and run errands.
$6 per week. Box 3*13. Call office, statins
age and where laat employed.
WINDOW and card writer: fancy goods. JOE
ROSENBERG. Sl6 Market.
BAKER'S helper wanted to-day for city Job;
also good cook. Call room 31S Jas. Flood bid.
• WANTED— An errand boy. over 14. Apply
803 Sutter st. _'
FIRST-CLASS Jewelry engraver and designer,
permanent position. Box S7S3. Call.
BOY for dental office; 15 years old or over;
live with parents or guardian. Box .111. Call.
A STRONG boy In grocery. 1105 Folsom. St.
BEDMAKER at SO7 California st.
JANITOR; Institution (see supt. 10 o'clock).
$25 fd. Cent. Cat. Emplt. Co.. 3SS O'Faxrell.
CHORE man who can milk. Oakvllle. $30 fd.
Cent Cal. Emplt. C0.,^388 OFarrell.
DRIVER for renovatory wagon: one who under-
stands business pref. Apply 236S Fillmore.
WANTED — Dryer and cleaner; good pay;
steady Job. ltS7 Grove St.. Oakland.
BUTCHER wanted: block man. LI>rDERNER
& LUTZ. S3l Washington St.. Oakland.
WANTED — At once, good, live canvassers to
represent us throughout California: largo
commissions paid; complete omflt furnished
free- good prospects for right party. For
full particulars address OREGON NURSERY
CO.. Salem. Ore.
MEN learn th« barber trada In 8 weeks: tui-
tion earned while learning ; situations guar-
anteed: only up-to-date colleges in America.
MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 544 Clay St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Housa proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms. 25c to 50c per night.
WANTBD — Men to learn barber trade; ne»
method; tuition earned while learning: posi-
tion guaranteed after S weeks. GILLMAN*9
' BARBER COLLEGE. 627 Clay at.
WANTED — Experienced man for Janitor work;
must not be over S5 years. Apply superln-
tendent's office. THE EMPORIUM. \u25a0:
WANTED — A flrst-class coatrcaker to go M
Placervlile; coats from $7 and up. Inqulr«
at DETMER WOOLEN CO., S4 Third st.
BOYS wanted, not over 16 years: good chanc*
to advance. Apply MR. BOOART. room 5.
Telephone bldg.. 216 Bush st.
WANTED — By high-class magician, men to
' learn profitable stde business or profession.
Prof. LOKNE. 1225 Geary; hours 1-3 and 7-3.
WANTED — Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
night- clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
LF.ARX the barber trade and earn a good
sa'.wfy- new method; free/ tuition: positions
guaranteed. S. F. CoHege; 741 A Howard st.
WANTED — Licensed pharmacl«t in drug store;
partner preferred. Address Druggist. Hora-
brook. CaL • .- \u25a0 \u25a0 '
YOUNG man to assist at wrapping desk.. Ap-
ply atS ; N ; _WOO^>&CO/S J 74oMark«tBt 1
CASH boys wanted; wages $4 per week. Ap-
ply at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S. 740 Market »t.
WANTED — First-class ladies' tailors: only
first class. 706 Butter st.
WANTED — Blacksmith to do horseshoeing and
repairing. Fourteenth av-j. and N st. South.
DETECTIVES to learn the business; money
made while learning. €0-1 Montgomery, r. 204. .
WANTED — Boya of 16 years and older. Ap-
ply American . Can Co.. 7th and Townsend.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts o£
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
10.CCO WORKINGMEN to buy our genuine
army shoes; all inspected. ICS Third st. :
SAILORS and ycuncr men (green hands) for
ship*. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st. -
LABOR/debts collected: suits, attachments.
. Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d at., nn. Or.'.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r.40, Phelan bid.'
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
\u25a0 DAUTEL - wants ISCO men to buy lnspecte-
. Government shoes at 631 Sacramento st. -
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. nr. Mar-
kct — 700 rooms; 35c night; readlng-ro^maj
free bus and baggaca to and from firry. »
iUffimiri 1 1 11 f lawiinwi \u25a0• 1 « 'v am i*i',And Want \u25a0 Advertising Can Find Them Both, If the Man Is "All Right"
"!' IP w^TEn_MAI,K — Continued, j
A-iIL'fiIJAY _ KF.ADT, <;;;4-u3O Ciay st.
lJh«ißel J h«iRe tlain iisis.
„, vur Own rriniing
i Unt issues owr free- iisn of positions four
Lilies daily — 7 A. M.. 10 A. M.,
1 f. M.. 4 P. M.
„, EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION!
„.**£_ INVESTIGATION AJSD SKGREGA-
T-t,, EESCtT IS TIIU PRODUCTION OF
™ ..„ IF V'OC WANT
\u25a0Llit. iJF.KT HKl_». I>O AS OTHERS DO—
B_KD COGS ORDERS TO
MtRHAY .i UKADY. Ki-c::« Ciay Kt. j
—ea^iug iiiiii ;• ;, n.i :it aua Lainjr Ajf^nts.
_, P_o»« Mair. r.Nir,.
THK RIGHT OK MAN To LXVK; Tii_
RIGHT OF MAN TO WOKK.
y»« ii-.e _ VMH IOuO «re>hci>e to :
r-Mw men oork. lner^ssir iri.nOO.
UOS ANGKLi:s~?-3— GREAT CUOWD GO-
tSG TO LOS ANGELES. $3.
»« laborers, b bovsaf work. $m. l. a
»!? J-Ao-h >:sc tsamstera. youil swit. $00. L. A.
f>-i Mian_nca and drillers. $75. L. A.
iS*^___ t * »«—>«*««. $T5 L. A.
*»- extra and sectitn (ter>s jalxirers,
K. l\. wr-rh. G-t Tir-ketji To-day. $r.. L. A.
bn 'P "•' A. 11. tn I,of- Angelef. (S.
: MfKHAV fr READY, <LU-'>>o Clay ft.
rPHOI.^TKUEU. iare 20c. $2 day.
R •con^maker. weed-tumrr. city $5 r.<> day.
Lime burner, fare ?1. $2 50 to §3 day.
Unver. single wagen. rpecial. city. $10 week.
\u25a0 '-"Ternar., ml.idle-ared, hoi^ital. $20 found.
Youdc n-.an, hospital work. $20 found,
liancy m»n who can do littic bricklaying,
\u25a0*S e £?^r fBre ?1 30: >"«>u'U' Bust; $2 25 to
$- SO day.
" MAnmED.'
" : ,K.t"~ a ""'''e.^tel. fare 50c. $65 Mund.
.>iT P.RAY .& v rtKADr, r^4-^6 Clay St.
__\u25ba„, . i- FACTORY— STEADY JOB.
"T "" r^ rs fcr \u25a0 f act«ry. ?2 20 day.
\u25a0 1 Ml URAT & READY. C3i-C.t<i Clay st.
ARIZONA.
r NA - «. GOVERNMENT WORK.
f> arm rur.r.ers, J3O.
«. to "l sharpeners and catnp blacksmiths $90
i. wo years Government work; half rate R,
11. Tare.
MURRAY & READY 634 -63 ft Clay gt.
MILLWRIGHTS. ~ ~~
MILLVvRIGHTS.
rr> mtlnrrfettta lor a !arc*> :-.imb«r co $ICS fd
SPECIAL LOW FARE
MURRAY. & RI-ADT, C 34-636 Clay st.
FOREMEN.
4 rra-:k R. R. foremen, Loe Angeles. $2 75
<iaj-.
MI'RRAT & READY. 034-636 Pay gt.
FAINTER, house work, fare 25c, $3 day.
Boy hitch up and chor_ about paint shop,
fare 2.V. $3 week and found.
2 upholsterer*. $2 day.
6 lumbers, $4 day.
Teamster. 2 horses, hay. coal, grain city
\u25a0wagon. $2 sfl clay.
Tamale-maker fare raid
LOOK.
Bottler on Crown soda water machine $2 50
<say.
MURRAY &\u25a0 READY. 634-63? Clay St.
FOREMEN— FREE FARE.
Grading foreman Los Ar.geles. $<>0 found.
MURRAY &\u25a0 READY. €34-6"g gtey st.
1G CARPENTERS, $32 B0 FOUND.
MURRAY & HEADY. C34-63G Clay et.
MECHANICAL.
3 cabinet makers.
12 slack <»oorj€rs; 6 blanket weavers
.Machine hand, rip few, $2 25' day.
Bcrew turnfr. fare $2, $2 to $2 25 day
Tinter. $2 50 da.v.
. »;ai!g edtrtrman, north, $55 found.
\u25a0 _ dicker hand, mill, ¥3 50 day.
"^. weavers on blankets.
25 Flack coooerß.
2 plumbet-s. S4 day; 2 cabinet makers.
14 blacksmiths, horstshoers. floorman, etc.,
\u25a0 ?.'{. |3 00 day.
Sticker hand, mi!l, ?" day.
Woodturner. Southeast L. Co., $2 75 day.
Band yavryer. Southeast L. Co.. $2 75 day.
Herman. ?45 fd.; crosscutter, $45 fd.
• Jackscrew heloer. $40 and found.
Brass SniFlK-r. $2 to $3 day, city Job.
5 BRICKLAYERS, $5 DAY.
Painter, city, cabinet work. $3 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay St.
TEAMSTERS — Wood, coal yard, fare 15c.
*::5 fd.
32 boys, different city factories, $6. f7 week.
MURRAY & READY, CU-03G Clay et.
55 TIEIIAKERS— SEE US.
C 5 WOODCHOPFERS— «EE US.
MILLMEN AKTD AMALGAMATORS. $90.
. • ARE YOU MARRIED?
Farmer ar.d wife, fart !«>c, easy job, $35 fd.
. Furnn-r and wife. Yolo Co.. bos? hfre. $50.
Xarricd coachman, oar far* 20c. $40. i
Gardenpr and- wife, $."jO.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FIiEE FARE.
QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
23Ja__enc no experience, ship to-day, 11:30
a. rr... $tio.-
l<: driilers, ship to-day. 11 :.'!0 a. m., $0.7 50.
in crriliers. fchip to-day, 3:30 p. m., $«7 50.
\u25a0 JV header ri)en, ship to-day, 10 a. m., 3 and
5 p rr... $'J7 HO.
12 laborrrs. big new quarry. $C 7 50.
15'.labor<-rsi aroun<J ftfam shovel. $C 7 50.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 Clay et,
. INCORPORATED COMPANY.
Sf> laborers, build boulevard. $eo. fare 6Oc
- . \u25a0 OIL PIPE LINE. SOUTH.
" 25 laborers. Bjjecial fare, $45 found.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
-;..2*i4 laborers, "different jobs, you'll suit, $85,
S.j and $45 arid found; call early.
LABORERS— TEA MSTERS.
w;- p>sp >5 laborers and teamsters, different jobs,
Francisco, $2, $2 25. $2 50 day;
come see us.
FARMS. ORCHARDS, ETC.
66 general j-anch han<Js, $30, $35, $40 fd.
: - .CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
f~ men ani boys for chores, $15, 1 520, $23,
$30'a^id found.
DAIRYMEN.
26 milkers. - butter and chee«e makers, $30,
fSS, $40 and found.
FREE TO SAWMILLS ANj6 WOODS.
535 laborers, fare paid, you'll suit, $35, $40,
$45 and found.
126 experienced woodsmen, millmen, from
piling lumber to manager of mills and woods,
$35. $40. $50. $60. $70. $80, $90. $125 month
KtA found; come and see us.
STABLEMEN.
8Q Ftablemen, different jobs, $35 and found
to tm. $75.
IS boys for different trades, $4, $5. $6 week.
13 hiborers, pile lumber, near city, $60.
5.%5 LABORERS. $60.
BUILD NEW RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
GREAT LUMBER COMPANY.
25 yard laborers, NE.. $67 50.
1? men, pile lumber, N'E., $75.
C 2 laborers, gn»o> railroad, NE.. $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Cay at
: HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
C'KMCS. COOKa COOKS.
4>-. cooks, different j.iaces. $90, $75. $50, $40
ar.d found.
*3 tamaJe makers, good jobs.
WAITERS- . WAITERS. WAITERi3.
26 waiters. <!iSferent p'.acea, $45, $40, $30,
$£!> and found.
niSirWASHERS, PORTERS, BEDMAKERS.
Sf> waiters, different places, $35, $30. $25,
$20 ar.d found.
LAUNDRYMEN— BELLBOYS.
RR" laundrymen, all classes, $3, $2 50. $2 (Say.
Bell and elevator beys, different jofce.
w BUTCHEP.S AND BAKERS.
slaughler-hoiiFe work, $40 found.
bfiiter*' helpers. $70, $CO. $50, $45. $35,
£3<), $25 and found.
LAUNDRY. \u0084?-*
Marker ar.d distributor, fare $1. $15 week.
T.:ir»^h cook and porter, city saloon. $30 fd.
P-'Mphens, shirts, cuTCs. collars. $l. r « week.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 Clay gt. j
__________
25 carp—tcrß, house work, fare $1, -steady
job. $3 50 day.
12 rarixnten 8 , »»pecia! jobs, ep«cial fare $2,
$:s 50 day.
15 CALKER.S. WOOD FTIIPS. $5 PAY.
15 CALKERS, FIiEK FARE.
30 lathes'*, lonjf job. $2 23 day.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay Bt.
PAIXTEfi ar.d tir.ter. city good jcb, $3 and
f'i 50 day.
£ tinsrr.'tViß, city work, $2 to $3 day.
NEW JOB— CARPENTERS.
12 carpenter*, build clubhouses, (km* here.
$4 flay.
Your.g man, grorery rtore. city, $7 to $8 wk.
FILIPINOS.
• • 4 Fs!lr>lTios as bootblacks, no experience r*-
' QU'red, SS a week.
10 lsb'u-*r«. city Job. board home, $2 day.
MT'RItAy .t READY. CH-CIS f.lay st.
NOT FAR AWAY. NE?. 1 WORK. FREE FARE
25 laborers, beard and lodging $4 Z0; SGO
to ?C7 50.
R laborers no teamirs. on ranch. $23 found.
YOU CAN DO IT.
15 laborer s. baUd up FACTORY. $60.
\u25a0 Boy /or machine *h<»ri. $1 day.
25 laborer*. Fanta Cru«. $35 found.
MURRAY & HEADY. C 34-633 Clay «t-
ORKG"V-FHra FARE. .
C 5 COAL MINERS.
$1 TON — ARE YOU GOING? >
trcitnAT &• nv..\nr. (fti-cxe. ciay st
INSTITUTION*.
" All-round mM.l'e-agred harflj- man with tools
-for b'i •nrtUvtirrr • cnuntry. **** an<l 'ound.
>n:P.HAT &\u25a0 HEADY 634-<r^ Clay st.
" — LOOK.
h«*!p painter, city. $1 day.
Wt'-nntn vounr mnn drive bakery wagon. 10c
' Iprr. $25 and fo-^nd.
Yours: man prtM fpe^er. #) week.
PArVTKBS..ETC" r ,
~ Pn.^h f-rn<!p varnishi"?r chains, etc.. S2 to
#? r.o Ary, ' -
Carrisec "?n^nt«v t f «ay.
] HELP WANTEO— MALE— Contiuuert.
LOS. ANGELES.
25 bridge carpenters. $'M.
FACTORY, BOSS HERE.
laborers larKe country factory $CO. '
BUILD UP NEW FACTORY.
35 laborers, not far away.' $tit>. *
MUKRAY Aj READY. 634-C36 Clay st
SHASTA— SHASTA: ' ~
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
«.-> laborers, special job, office fee Si, $50.
call ear!;-.
. Mt'KRAY & READY. 634-030 CJay et.
I COAL MINERS.
MKXICO. MEXICO.
250 COAL MINERS
j MURRAY _ READY. Q.14-C3O Clay el.
TO-DAY. ~~
10 laborers. Great South Company, $C 7 50.
. PLUMBER.
Plumber, 2 years' experience. $2 50 day.
< ' COOKS— SPECIAL.
Cn.k, Institution, few people, fare 25c, $35 fd.
<."h:rf cock, camp, fare $1 30, $60 fd.
Ct.ok, ?14 week, cliy, \u25a0
Bakens' helper, $30 fa., city.
MARRIED.
Man anil wife; no objection to one child,
: rar.ch, $40 fd.
i LOOK.
2 carpenters, manufacturing plant, fare $1,
i EXTRA GOOD.
t Man milk 12 cows*. Institution, $30 fd.
i Man take charire chicken ranch.
Sailor as deck hand dredsrer, $40.
Man drive manure wasren, $GO.
MURRAY & READY. 634-836 Clay et.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been ot>ened lit 100S \u25a0 Market Bt., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Csl! Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
SOLICITORS WAXTED.
TEN good solicitors wanted for fraternal or-
ganization, under salary or commission. The
b«et on the Pacific Coast. Apply DR. S. B.
MOLIN'. 732 Hayee st. Hours 8 to 9 a. m.
a.n<s 12 to 2 p. m. Ladles or gentlemen.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
SECOND-HAND 2 or 4 passenger trap: canopy-
top surrey: rubber-tire runabout; O'Brien
patent spring buesry; 2 sets buggy hafness;
doctor's phaeton; cheap. 500 Golden Gate.
A — FOR sale— 4ll Sixth St.; one good truck
team. 5 years old; 3 good wagon horses:
1 driving horse.
FOR sale — Good delivery wagon: 053 Howard
street.
BROWN mare. 1250 pounds, gentle and safe,
for a lady to drive; 5 years old. 211S Market.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m., 327 Sixth st.
FOR Bale — Carload big horses weighing from
1400 to 1700. G. LINDAUER. 543 Folsom.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED liet of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgmy.
FOR rent — 6-room house, bath, garden, barn;
yard for chickens; one block from Golden
Gate Park, NE. cor. 20th aye. and I st. ; rea-
sonable rent, furnished or unfurnished, to
right people.
NINETEENTH. 3320, n«ar Valencia — Sunny
bny-window house of 12 rooms and large
yard.
HOI'SES FURNISHED— FOR SALE.
$4O<1 — TEN light outside rooms: all rented;
also nioe yard; cheap rent; bargain. 817
Post et.
10 ROOMS; well furnished; nicely located;
$400. 702 Ellis st.
COTTAGES WAXTED.
WANTED — Modern cottage 5 rooms, bath, vi-
cinity Golden Gate Park or Presidio. Box
3739. Call.
HOTELS.
HOTEL St. Nicholas, Market. Larkin. Hayes
ets. — Heart of S. F. ; rccdern: American and
European plans: electric lights and phone
every rocm: hot ard cold water: quiet.
INFORMATION WANTED.
MILLER — Information wanted of Frederick
Miller, who' in the year lSa:l resided at 11
Capp ft., Fan Francisco. Cal.. by his sister,
I MariP Sandbloom of 319 Leonard St., Brook-
lyn. N. Y.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
LOST AXD FOUND.
$25 REWARD for the return of gold ! purse
marked E. O. J. to R. E. J. on inside and
containing small' gold puree studded with dia-
. monds. alfo safe box key; no questions. 2226
Washington Et.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Sayings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of ANGELA TOMAZO; No. 229-451.
The finder wi'.l please return to bank.
LOST — A lady's rearl brooch, set with four
diamonds; reward SID; no questions a?ked.
Return to St. Francis Hotel.
LOST— Fob, In Oakland. Return to 7G<! Twen-
tleth Bt.. Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST — Fox terrier bitch: name Tipple; child's
pet; liberal reward. 290S Fulton st.
FOUND — An anchor; owner can have same.
1111 Fountain st.. Alameda.
LOST— Volume 3. "Ridpath's History of the
World." Return to 2394 Post 9t.; reward.
_ JAPANESE CONTRACT LABOR.
JAPANESE contract labor for farming, wooxl-
chtfpplng. tree pruning or any work; estab. 5
yrs. Matfumoto & Co.. box 125. Alvarado. Cal.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.; foot oT'ciay
rt.. for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 534.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office and Salesroom, 130 Beale st.
Works and Yards. Ninth and Bryant, sts.
We have a brand new lot of pipe complete,
ready for Immediate delivery-
%-inch pipe.... $3 25 per hundred feet (new)
ii-ineh pipe $3 95 per hundred feet (new)
1-inch pipe. $5 70 per hundred feet (new)
1%-lnch p1pe....57«0 per hundred feet (new)
1%-!nch pipe $S 90 per hundred feet (new)
2-lnch pipe... $11 S5 per hundred feet (new)
2^4-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready, for uee.lOc
3-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use.l2s4o
8%-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use.lsc
4-in. fcrew pipe (2d hd); ready for usclflo
Send by oheck, money order or coin by W.F.
Express Co. wiih order.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office 130 Beale st.
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.'
2d-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MACHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale «t.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. J 95-197 Fremont st.
I FOR eale — New and second-hand billiard" and
j ponl tables; «agy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cfceap prices. BRUNSWICK- BALKE-
COLLENDER. 625 Mission St.. S. F.
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW., 386 Main st.
20-11. P.. 2d-hand gasoline engine, pumps and
pumping machinery. - Howlett Machine
works, 25C Fremont st.
SECOND-HAND gas ranges and heaters bought
& sold; gas and cc.al ranges, heaters, etc., dls-
connccted. connacteu and repaired. 322 Post.
MACHINERY, boiler* and engines bought, j
cold end txchangtd; power plants In their
entirety bought. Western Mhy. Co.. 230 Main.
14-K gold fountain pens. 50c: Sheffield hollow-
ground razors, 50c; relling out our cutlery &
stationery <lejjt. SUNSET BAZAAR, 42 3d et
A— GENTS' full <ires» suits .to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton et., second floor.
FOR 6ALE — 1 fresh milch cows. Apply 41S
Genesee Ft.. Sunnysidc.
50 M HARD brick. C4S Mission ot. Phone
White 3571.
BARGES for^ sale or rent. HUMBOLDT
LUMBER CO., First and Alice. Oakland.
DUCK, club membership for sale; Sulsun
marshey. Box 5000. Call office.
DESKS and office furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C HUGHES — Printer. Ml Sansome st..
San Francisco.
SOLID diver tea set, 5 pieces, at a bargain. 10
Sixth st. •" ' - \u25a0 - - - \u25a0- =\u25a0' ' V
LARGE show t*nt in good condition. W. A.
PLUMMER. 11l Clay st. -
MILES of pipe and . fittings, all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY & SONS, 109 Vallejo 6t.
TWO nierry-gc-rounds; one miniature railway.
- BACIGALUPL 6W Kearny «t.< •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. OCTOBER - 13j 1005.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE — Con.
HIGH grade second-hand office safe and v.agou
scale. PAHCELLS.SAFK CO.. 210 California.
SAFES— New and recohd-hand. THE- HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-27 Sacramento St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental";
bartralr.!*. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ANY RAGS?
' Rags bought in any quantity, for caeh, at
the South Knd Warehouse, corner Second and
Tow.nsend ate.
AAAAA — Hißfcest prices for ladles' gents' cast-
off elothins. Tel. Davis 825. (i3O Sacramento.
WE pay cash ladles' and gents' clothing. Til-
ton's Misfit Parlors, 154 oth; tel. Howard 1187
BTJTS any amount of casioff clothing, etc.
MRS. M0RR15, 934 Folsom: phone Jessie 446.
WANTED — To ' buy 100 Angora goats. Ad-
dress J. W. SWALES. Holland. :
DIAMONDS, etc., bought for cash. Karl Sber
& Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 200 Kearny st.
MONEY." TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ,-
COl-OOl'-b'Oo Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Eave expenses by dealing directly. -
Estates, second mortgages, - undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can
GET JUST ON HIS NOTE:
Mo. Semi-Mo. Week.
?50 — Return to us $13 35 or $8 65 or $3 33
30 — Return to us 8 00 or 4 00 or 2 0-*
20 — Return to us 6 35 or 2 65 or 1 35
15 — Return to us 4 00 or 200 or 1 00
Or any other sum and pay back in proportion.
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO.. 500 Rialto bldg.,
New Montgomery and Mission sts.
WILL LOAN
v reasonable amount on
let. 2d or 3d
Mortgagee on real estate
In city, town or country.
].ow rate of interest.
* Give full particulars
• of property,
Location, etc.
Box 2_{. Call office. ____.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST" CO.,
21 Stockton st., near Market.
2d . floor.
Loans made to ealaried people without any
publicity or other inconvenience on their
notes. Loans on real estate in probate: life
insurance policies, estates, second, mort-
gages, assignments of rents.. etc. ,
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential ai*i courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at- 1
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store
97S Market st., tel. Main 1C44. Branch 1192
Market st. and 27 Third st.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; lowest
rates; no commission; confidential. 506-7
Donohoe bldg.. 8 Taylor Bt.. corner Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried people. -retail mer-
chants, teamsiers, boarding-houses, without
security; «asy payments; large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott b)dg.
V— Lowest rates on real estate, Ist or *-d mort-
gages life insurance, or any security, any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bldg.. SOB Market, cor. 4th. auite 1. est. IStiS.
MONEY. ' MONEY. MONEY.
Any proposition. 49 2d St., Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage-Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
ALVA Co. (The) loans money to salaried people
without security: good terms and easy pay-
\u25a0 merits; also on other security. 507 Flood bids.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold,
Oliver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HKSTHAL'S, 10 Sixth s{.
SALARIED people without security; also on
furn. estates in probate, life ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co., 612 Parrott bids-
ANY amount, real estate or other security;
$100 up. \V. J. WHITE, 26- Montgomery, r. S.
LOANS — Salaried people; "confidential" ; 2 per
cent: chattels, etc. 436 Montgomery, r. '518.
DON'T borrow money on saiary until you see
us. Hulton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL leans ondiamor.iis & jewelry at '2. per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
j McGAHVIE & C 0. ,720 Market St., loans money,
! 65 lo SO p*r cent of valuation of property.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORRELL. tiOfl Examiner bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or .Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. \u25a0 '
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. {specialist for all female-
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MKS. DR. KOHL, reliable, specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief sruaranteea. Offl<je hours 9 to \ Sunday
10 to 2. 1002H Market St.. opposite Fifth.
WOMEN'S diseases and irregularities cured in
'Ji hours; 19 years' experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling; strictly private; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office, 1200 Market.
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment; reliable.
safe, prompt fcr female irregularities: relief
or no fee; $10; hrs. 9-8. 850 Mkt. et., suite 37.
DX C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence
1021% Market Bt:.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid' to diseases of women.
A — MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth St..
bet Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
A— DR. HOWARD: ladies, relief or no fee:
$10; hours 9-9. 906 Market st.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st.. corner
Twenty-sixth: ladles, relief nr no fee: $10.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
English upright, for practice, $55.
French upright, a little better, $65.
. Also a Chickering, Vose. Sterling,- Curtaz.
Smith & Barnex, Mozart. Neuman, from $145.
BENJ. CURTAZ &. SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
OUR large and increasing renting' business ,en-
\u25a0 abies us to rent the beat pianos In the city for
$2 50 and $3 per month, some' at $2; one
year's rental allowed if piano is purchased.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560-64 Hayes.
WANTED — An r.ffer on uprtght piano; must
sell at once. 554 Valencia st.
HORNUNG. 210 McAllister st.. manufacturer
Hornung Bros." pianos; agt. Laffargue piano.
ELEGANT uprights, new, 2d-hand . $4l»-$500.
PIERCES Plar.o Factory. Market and 14th..
CHICKERINQ upright.' ?ICS. 237 Geary st.
ALMOSJ" given away; unredeemed storage pi- j
anos, "furn. Whitehcad's storage. 1C36 Mrkt.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW. upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st,
3-PEDAL Stelnway up: Chickering baby grand.
Shonlntrer Httie ii«ed. Kfpffe's. 255 O'Farrell.
MINES AND MINING.
$1000 WANTED: to promote new mine; secur-
ity; big returns. M.. 865 B'way, r. 11, Oakland
\u25a0 ' _.' . _ _._- mpseums. ;\u25a0/..' y-:_ : \u25a0•\u25a0 -
DR. LIKBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market st.. near Sixth. ,
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MISSION. 607, corner First— 2 floors suitable
for light manufacturing; will" arrange to suit
tenant. A£ply BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25
Post st. /. \u25a0.'\u25a0••\u25a0 '\u25a0'-.\u25a0 .-••'\u25a0' •-.. y :
FOR rent — Elegant office suits on second floor;
corner \u25a0 Montgomery and Sutter sts.; 7. large
windows. .Apply room 6, 40. Montgomery st.
GROUND floor office/ 238 Montgomery st:,
with street- window and -vault room; $50 mo.'
LARGE store with' big basement, , Clay St.",
above Montgomery. Owner. C 36 Clay, r. 1.
. PHYSICIANS^ AND SURGEONS. v
REMOVED— DR." WONG HIM., herb doctor'
treats all diseases of the human body; tor
• past four years at 115-117. Maeonst.,' now lo- \u25a0
, cated at C 67. Geary St.; near, Leavenworth. : J; ;
WONG WOO. tho famous herb doctor — All dls- -
eares cured by Chinese herbs. 74.6-8 Clay gt.
PAINTING AND PAPERHANGING.
ROOMS papered/ $3 50 up ; 75,000 rolls wallpa- .
per, 5c up. . Hartmann Paint Co.;' 319;. Third.'
PATENTS.:'", - \u25a0
INVENTIONS patented; U.; S. -and. foreign;
patent law. F. P. MEDINA, 532 Market St.
. .-' \u25a0..--..- , .„ ... .
PERSONALS.
\u25a0 \u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0• \u25a0. \u25a0 -. \u25a0' ' , ' i
WANTED — A No. 1 mill supply and machinery
house to act as agent for old-established ma-
chine knife manufacturer. Address "Old Es-
tablished." box 3581, Call office.
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he will
' challenge the world to produce Its equal;
shipped to all parts of world. 352 O'Farrell.
$1 and $2 50 size bottles; take no substitute.
AT less than cost; uncalled lor suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. - . - -
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff 'stops falling; druggists, hair dress-
ers. Star Remedy Co.. 821 Polk st.
"REXEADIO'S"' office hours , 2 to 6. 509
Kearny st. OPEN SUNDAYS. \u25a0\u25a0;...
OLD picture frames reflnished like new; reason-
able. California Decorating Co., 20C Oth st.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per weex.
NEUHAUS & CO.. the tailor, 725} Market- st.
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle spicial-
lst. 814 \u25a0 Putter gt. Phone East SOiC.
S BRAND new la'.lor-made men's suits, cost
$25. for $9 75. 440 Bush. nr. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK; suits to order $13 up. LEMOS.
1127 Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
ccihitry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
BUY SAN MATEO LOTS!!!
Yon can't make a mistake Investing in San
Mateo property — it's all good. But you must
look for the best values In ANY property.
We can give you the best values In San Mateo
County • For Instance Corners 75x100 fe«t in
the vicinity of our property sell for $1400;
we are sellinsr corners 150x150 feet in our
SAN MATEO PARK -
for the total price of $1540. Street work done,
sewer laid and water piped to the lot — JUST
TWICE AS MUCH LAND FOR $140 MORE!
And our land has an elevation that insures
a view and good drainage. Now here's a
heart-to-heart talk for you to think about.
Also $750 lots in San Mateo Park where the
good values prevail.
WE HAVE A FEW $400 LOTB LEFT.''
riioicely located, adjoining county road, and
new $30,000 public school, sewered- and
watered, \u25a0 roads oyed, 10 minutes' walk from
electric cars. Same values apply here.
Now don't you think you had better buy
before the Bay Shore Cut-off gets In? You'll
have to go one-third as high again afterward.
' Our office Is at San Mateo, near the depot.
! GO THERE SUNDAY!
BALDWIN & HOWELL, F. S. GRUMMON,
25 Post St. San Mateo.
. . \u25a0 -' '
MARINE view lots.
$300 Each. Easy Payments. \u25a0 No Taxes. No
Interest, j
Adjacent to Improvements Coating Millions.
\u25a0
Two Electric Roade Will Be Running Inside
of One Year. • •
Absolutely Cheapest Unimproved Lots Offered
In Golden Gate Park District.
Lots Will Double in Value in a Few Months.
E. J. HOOPER, 26 Montgomery street.
SELLING
TO BEAT THE BAND.
ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
?27n — Elegant level building lots, close to
Schtfol ; 'fine car service on Mission St.;- cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozone is- not polluted
with smoke and dust, to say nothing of the
deadly microbe; no inteuest and no taxee..
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
\u25a0ONLY ?10 A MONTH.
$400— Fcr finely located- lots 3 blocks south
of the park; electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing in value with every - stroke of the
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" is not tho only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section; no taxes.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY, :
2G Montgomery Bt., \u25a0 room 8.
A MISSION snap — Three new flats on Church
et., half block from Twenty-fourth-st. car
line; these are strictly modern and have 5
rooms and bath each, tiiea sinks and cement'
washtrays; elegant \'iew; bituminized street:
rented lftw at $67 50 per month; this is. a real
.bargain at $7000; if interested see uu Imme-
diately.
CASTLE, PAYNE & McLEOD (Inc.),
Real Eetate.
2543 Mlßßlon st. . . Phone Mission 467.
NEW, modern 6- room houses; every conveni-
ence; 533-847 Castro St.; cars pass door; easy
terms, same as rent v MOISE, owner, 417
Market st. .
DON'T- build before investigating Marshall _
. Steams' patent fixtures for apartments and
cottages. Aroneon building. 84 Third Bt. '
BARGAIN — Al beautiful home, 7 rooms, bath.
551-576 Seventh aye., Richmond District.
LOT 55x55; Waller st... near Shrader; snap.
NICE house and 2 lots, close to cars, on San
Bruno road. 37 Wheat Bt.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale.
AAA— "OUR fRICES" on ranches are lower
than anywhere' else because we do not add
huge commissions on to the owner's prlc?;
we only handle places we "know" to be good;
we "never" misrepresent a place; see us and
save 20 per cent: Santa Cruz County land a
specialty. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco. Cal. - '
BIGGEST bargain in California — 80 acres rich
land, only 4 miles of Watsonville, Santa Cruz
County; 20 acres bearing 10-year-old apples;
\u25a0 10 acres 8-year-old, apricots; good house,
barn. 2 -wells; price only $4750. BURR-
PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery ,st. ; '
ALFALFA 'irrigated lande, $25 per acre; $1
down, $1 month; no Interest; call or write
for pamphlets, INDEX LAND AND BOND
CO., 907 Kohl bid... cor. cal. and Monfy sts.
A MONTHLY catalogue country land bargains
sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market.
Poultry ranches. Write to J. "W. Horn Co.. Pet-
aluma, for free copy of Sonoma Co. bargains.
PIEDMONT REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN FOR YOU!
' One" of the most desirable residence lots in
the Alta Piedmont Tract will.be sold at con-
siderably .less than adjoining lots can be bought
on account of owner, leaving the. State; 50-foot
frontage on Pala aye., 80-foot • street in rear;
unbroken view of the bay; street work,- sewers
and sidewalk complet"; apply at once. WM.
M. BUTTEP.S JR.. 46S Eleventh St., Oakland.
BURLINGAME REAL ESTATE. V
WHY not^buy the best? It doesn't cost any
more. Lots 50x150 for $150 at beautiful Bur-
lingame Park. See LYON & HOAG before
buying; 200 lots sold in one month. '
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st. j
REAL ESTATE- WANTED.
CASH Btonce for one or more' Sunset or Rich- <
mond lots. DOLAN, :24 Montgomery st. . .
: PROPERTY .WANTED. /: v;
WANTED— Large tract in Santa Clara County;
-suitable for subdivision. Box 3802, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES. "
NOTICE is hereby given : that the Maria Kip
3 Orphanage of. 520 Lake Et.. > San -Francisco,
"has received the following orphan and half-
• orphan girls, from July, 1 to, October 1. 1805:
Beulah Drew -Vance, 's years; Agnes E. Sul-
i I livan,. 11 /years; Rose Hay ;Gulon, 5 years;'
CandaceM. Wilson.. 10 years; Julia C. Cook,
\u25a0 J 6 years: -Violet ; Murch. :10* years; Maud
\u25a0 Murch, . 8'- years; Gertrude : Lucas, 11 years ;•
Margaret Crotty. S yeara. \u25a0 .- \u25a0<\u25a0._ '\u25a0;:*:
sewing; machines ; and supplies.
DOMESTIC— The machlnce for family use; best
Is cheapest ; second-hand all makes I at-; any j
: price; all kinds rented lowest 'rates. :' Domes-,
'tic office, -1021 Market st.", near Sixth.'-. » V
ALL kinds .second-hand. $3/; $5, $8: slightly
; used, i $10. , $15, ; $20. i You 'know ; where dolls
. swing In the, window.: 1051' Market st. , \u25a0
\u25a0, \ LEGAL NOTICES. 9 ' ~ •
NOTICE i^s hereby, given | that* the saloon busi-
ness at \u25a0 2i3 ,' Fourth i: st. has .cha nged :hand h ;
all accounts must" be presented within S : days;
ALAMEDA ADVERT ; S'M ? TS |
;Af.AMEDA REAL ESTATE,
$300 CASH and $30 per month will build you
1 a m>w-, modern .cottage; your., own plan;
i choice lot anywhere In Alameda. .J. L H.
YOCJN-G. builder. 1243 Park st., Alameda.
PERK ELEY ADYERT>S ? NTS
BERIiELEY HEAL ESTATE.
FOR eale or exchange — Nearly an acre of
ground. 11-room house, • 2-Rtory barn; near
the hills;, worth $12,000; will sell on easy
terms, $1000 cash; will exchange for small
property In Berkeley or San Francisco; will
take nicely located mountain ranch in trade.
H. V. J. SWAIN, attorney, 1 463-464 Parrott
building.' San Francisco. .\u25a0-,<.''
FEUITVALE ADY^SMNTS
* .'-' FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$1300-41 ACRE In fruit: well; windmill; 6
\u25a0 blocks to cars. Owner, J. LEITHMAN,
Lincoln aye.. Upper Fruitvale.
OAKLAND ADVERT'SirTS
\u25a0OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale at a bargain — One of the choicest
building lota in Alta Piedmont: all street
work. - sidewalks, sewers, water and ga»
mains complete; magnificent view; faces two
broad avenues; restricted building values in-
sures elegant home surroundings; owner go-
- ing away; must sell at once at considerably
less -than adjacent lots can 'be bought for.
Apply to W. J. WHITE CO.. 26 Mont-
gomery st.. room 8. \u25a0 \u25a0
INVESTMENT— We are Instructed to sell 8
splendid house*. 10 rooms each; situated on
large corner, 6 blocks from Broadway; pay-
Ing 9 per cent on the Investment. Eagle
Collection Agency, 206 Bacon bldg., Oakland.
BARGAIN — 6-room house, with lot, on Poplar -
near 12th St., $2500: $500 cash, $25 per. mo. ; 8
ncr cent Interest. Owner. 6.18^ 20th. Oakland
Oakland Furnished Cottage Wanted.
WANTED — Small cottage or flat, furnished;
accessible to Key Route, Oakland. Box
3705, Call office.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR. SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniture.
i H. Schellhaas. 11th st.. cor. store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert Vents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 2304 — Several nice housekeeping
rooms to let; gas range; bath. - ~
EDDY, 522 — Rooms for rent; housekeeping
privileges; gas range, etc.; moderate.
ELEVENTH, 100— Elegant front parlor ouite;
2 beds, gas range, water, bath; $13.
FOLSOM, 941 — Rooms to let with housekeep-
ing privileges; water, gas, etc.
FOURTH, 225— Nice sunny front housekeeping
rooms. <
HAIGHT, 322— Two nicely furnished, large,
sunny rooms and bath: $20.
HOWARD, 23S1 — 2 very large front furnished
roomn,- $lO or $12: adults. ' .
JONES, 117 — Fine large sunny housekeeping
rooms; all conveniences; moderate.
LARKIN, 416%— Centrally located, nice fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
LARKIN, Sl7M;— Sunny corner room; gaa
\u25a0 stove; rent reasonable.
LAGUNA. 1025— 4 large rms.; fur,; hskpg.;
c!gb.. bath; opp. Jefferson Pk. ; adults; reaa.
McALLISTER, 538 — Nice sunny suite; gas
range, bath, .laundry: adult 3.
MISSION. S25 — Fine rooms for light housekeep-
ing; all conveniences.
MISSION. 2647 — 3 rooms, kitchen; single rm;
in warm belt.
OAK. 117. or 14 Page^-Cqmplete for house-
. keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.
O'FARRELL. 776 — Front sunny .bay window
rocm & alcove: furnished, run, water: $20.
O'FARRELL, S1U — Nice sunny rooms, e_
suite or single; reasonable. J
O'FARRELL, ISO 7, corner Pierce — t nice
rooms; bath, gas, nice location'; $16. -
O'FARRELL, 1358 — Grand suite with kitchen
connecting, $35; beautifully furnished; others.
PINE, 1227. nr. Hyde — Nicely furnished eunny
housekeeping rooms: grate; phone.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna — Corner
sunny suite, furn. for hskpg. ; rent $15 up.
SIXTH. 142 — Housekeeping rooms to let; con-
venient; central; reasonable.
SIXTH, 227, corner Clementina — Furnished
rooms for housekeeping; single or en suite.
SIXTEENTH, 3428 A, near Church — 2 or 3
. sunny, nicely ""furnished, connecting rooms
for housekeeping; phone, pas and bath; cars
pass within 3 doors of the house; reasonable;
no children. \u25a0
THIRD. 167 — Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
pUte; first floor front. .'. \u25a0
TURK, 149 — Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also tingle rooms. -. •'.
TURK,' GO3 — Choice corner: swell; central; 3 or
4 unfurnished rooms to adults: reliable.
VALENCIA. 822—2 or 3 sunny furnished
rms: hekpg; electric light and gaa atoves.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
RANDALL APARTMENTS—
120 Pierce St., -Bear Hatght.
4 large sunny unfurnished, rooms, all light
and each apartment complete in itself ; "large
closets and plenty of shelving; stone under
entire building, making It free- from any
dampnese; must be seen to be appreciated;
just about flnlehed : open dally; rent very
reasonable; permanent tenants wanted. Ap-
ply on premises or R. MoELROY, agent,
: Phelan bide- Tel. Main 5870.
NEW four-story corner apartment-house; sunny
side; completed November 1. All suitea have
modern kitchens, electric lights, etc Apply
244 Ninth st. ; building onposlte.
ET. CECD_2, 115 Fell St.. near Van Ness and
Market — New, handsome,- fireproof structure;
; mod. Improvements; apts. 3-rm., bath; special
' inducements for next 60 days; tel. South 1071..
ALTA,' opposite - Alta Plaza, 2 and 4 room
unfurnished suites; light and sunny. Clay
St., between Pierce and Scott. .
A KENILWORTH, cor. Bush. Powell: 3-room
sunny aparts.; single rooma: modern: reaa.
A—YONA — YON NYDACK. 873 Post— 4 rooms; private
baths; furnlahed. unfurnished; salt baths.
ROSSWELL Apartments, 1360 Pine, near Hyde
2, 3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam heat.
MAYBELLE. 202 > Grove, cor. Van Ness — Van
nes?, 3-rm. suite;. Grove,- 3-rm. suite; reas.
THE Avalon, 670 Bush at. — 3 and 4 room
apartments with 'bath; turn. or. unfurnished.
THE Frederick, 001 Stanyan— l to 5 room?,
overlooking Golden Gate Park; teb Page 616rt.
ROOMS TO : LET— Furn. and .Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping | rooms; open all .night.
AT "The Almonte," 573 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms 25c to 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
' $1.50 to JlO week; house 'open all night. .-
BELMOND House, over Owl drugstore; 2 en-
- trances. 1128 Market and 21 "Turk — Electrlo
lights, running water *In every room; 200
|f rooms; 23c to 50c per nlgl>: $1 25 to $4 week.
BRADY, \u25a0 60 — Two very nicely j furnished rooma
to let. with gas and bath. . . , ;
BURTON Hotel, 1126 Howard st. — 100 rooms:
new house; modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
CALIFORNIA, 1 3CO1 — A suite of nicely fur-
nished rooms to let. . . \u25a0 . ;_ <
CASTRO. | 630— Elegantly \u25a0 furnished rooms to
\u25a0 -let :at reasonable; rates. - . :\u25a0\u25a0;-.. : '\u25a0-
EDDY, 621, near Van Ness ave— l; or 2 sun-
• '. ny, nicely 'famished roomB; reasonable. '
FIFTH, 100— Nicely located and well furnished
.-rooms to let. % . ' '
FOLSOM. ,826— Furnished ; rooms to let; good
1.. \u25a0: location.. ..\u25a0* ;.. . '.-' \u25a0-\u25a0* \u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0' "'"--.-'-_" \u25a0'\u25a0'"
FOURTH. 179 — Rooms to ,l«t.by day, week or
! ,-: month: : transient. •-.* '"-\u25a0-'\u25a0' -*i ; \u25a0 -'."'\u25a0' ' \u25a0'-' « \u25a0
FOURTH. 114— Furnished rooms to let; by ; th«
; day.' week or- month: reasonable. -'- .- ;
FOURTH,' 27I—IOO rooms;: all sizes and prices;
-. : new, \u25a0 modern : hot : and : cold ; water.
FULTON, %7B— A '.". newly .'.•;; furnished V-. suite : of
rooma. to Met; .private family. ; , •
OALT HOUSE, 1206 Market st.— Choice rooms
r by : day, week ; or ; month ; central ' location. . .
GE\RY. .450, \u25a0 Lowell'^Elegant furnished
.rooms; single and >n suite. J
| ROOMS TO LET — Fun*, and Irfurn.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 52— Furnished rooms at
reasonable rates: convenient.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1014— L*rge front dou-
ble parlor: all modern conveniynces.
GRAND SOUTHERN. 1069 Mission, cor. Sev-
enth— lCO rooms; 50c night. $2 to $7 week.
GREEN. 1525. n#ar Octavia— 2 front rooms.
$12; partly furnished^
HAVES. 2C7 — Sunny, new; piano: bath.
HOTEL St. Kathryn. cor. Ellis and Leaven-
worth — Most modern and up-to-date hotel in
S. F.: free bath;.new,' clean, airy: reas. rates.
HOTEL Hamilton, 125 Ellis, bet. Powell and
Mason sts.. S. F. — Rooms i\ to $3 per day;
steam heat and telephone In each room.
HOWARD. 71* -Rooms. 25c to .$1 per day;
$1 50 to $3 per week; reading-room, etc. .
LARKIN". 412— Fine furnished rooms; water,
gas; convenient. \u25a0
LEAVENWORTH, 41&-^Furnlsh*d rooms to
• let. . . \u25a0 - .
LEXINGTON. 135 — Nice furnished rooms:
pleasant neighborhood: rates reasonable.
McALLISTER. cor. Laguna iSt. 'James) — A
. newly furnished sunny corner room, $13.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third st.— -400
single and family rooms. 35c to $1 50 per
day; $2 to $5 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house tn San Francisco
that has office en ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric lights, calj bells, steara heat
\u25a0 In every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to Its guests.
MISSION. 816— Nice furnished rooms; very
centrally located; reasonable. - \
MISSION, 1029 — Sunny unfurnished slda room,
grate and closets; reasonable.
\u25a0 .
MONTGOMERY, 716— Furnished rooms to let, j
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third St.. near How-
ard — New house with modern conveniences;
rooms en auite and single; rates by day 35c
up; by week. $2 up; baths free to guests. »
TAYLOR. 615 — Newly fur. rooms; hot and cold
water: $10 mo.; elegant suttes: baths free.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 2037— Four nice unfur-
nished rooms to let: sunny and clean.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms, 85c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read. -room; free bus, baggage.
WOLF House, Howard, and Sixth — No better
transient house In city; rates reasonable: lo-
cation central. Geo. H. yon der Mehden, prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms,
35c to $1 50 nightly. $2 to $8 week: elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus. baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 1008 Market st.. oppesita Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. \u25a0
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
rooms and board.
hoteT v jluu^>r7>tch^
opened; rooms modern, up to date, light, sun-
ny, airy; hair mattresses; free baths; even-
thing elegant, fresh. -clean; table unexcelled.
Rates: Rooms for 2 with board, $50 month
'and upward; single rooms with board. $30;
everything homelike; parlor and piano for
t guests; location In the heart of city.: 404
Eddy St.. 404.
CALIFORNIA. 807 — Exceptionally good table.
\free billiard-room, handsome and sightly
rooms, board & room for 2. $45 up; single.
$22 50 up; suites, $55 up; see for yourself.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1031 — Sunny fur. rooms;
bath; good beard. $20-$23; two. $39 month.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1031— -Furn. sunny rms.;
bath; good board, $20-*23; tw o $.-.q month.
JOHNSTON. THE. 605 O'Farrell— Sunny suite*
and Flnsle rms.: excellent board: references ,
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. , i
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, snipped. 725-
\u25a0 731 Howard St., nr.- Third; phone Grant 161. \u25a0
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co., Mi
Van Ness aye. Phone East 443. Storage.
moving, cu^ rates on freight.
CONKLIN'S storage; furniture . and merchan-
dise. Golden Gate & Larkln; phone East 123.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jaekaon 2SI.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillmore; tel. West «28.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel.' Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN~exccptionally good No. 2 Remington. 'No. 1
Smith Premier. $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals. $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California Bt.
: , INSURANCE..
STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. OF THE
ROCHESTER GERMAN INSURANCE
COMPANY
OF ROCHESTER. IN THE STATE "OF NEW
YORK ON THE 31ST DAY OF DECEMBER.
A D. '1904 AND FOR THE YEAR ENDING
ON THAT DAY. AS MADE" TO THE IN-
SURANCE COMMISSIONER OF THE STATE
OF CALIFORNIA. PURSUANT TO THE
PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS 610 AND 611 OF
THE POLITICAL CODE. CONDENSED AS
PER "BLANK FURNISHED BY THE COM-
MISSIONER.
. CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Ca5h...... $200,000 00
ASSETS. — — -
Real Estate owned by Company... $376,547 2*
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 341. C03 35
Cash Market Value of all .Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 444.790 W
Cash in Company's Office 1.338 60
Cash in Banka 197.22U 55
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4,774 93
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
- and Mortgages ..." 6,829 CO
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ;.... 143.240 04
Total Assets $1.515.749 8S
LIABILITIES. ~"
Losses adjusted and unpaid $24,235 23
Loeses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 44.087 36
Losses resisted/including expenses - 11,410 SS
Gross premiums on Fire Risk 3 run-
ning one year or less, $501,305 6<S; '
reinsurance 50 per cent .......... 400.662 83
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ' ' .
ning more than one year. $806,-
390 84; reinsurance pro rata.... 441.537 57
Commissions and Brokerage due or
to become due 2.243 29
Total Llabil.tiea $024.167 12
, INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received lor Fire
premiums .'. $1,107,457 31
Received for interest on Bonds and
• Mortgages 18,992 13
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources .......... 31,223 53
Received for Rents : 8,918 W
Profit' on sale or maturity of Led-
ger Assets ... 15.112 3»
Profit and Lobs Account 2t>.(iCo 00
Total Income.... .$1.2C5.702 44
EXPENDITURES. : I
Net amount paid for Fire Losses'
(Including $ti9,h3t> 53, ' loauea of
"previous years) ..: : $547,213 07
Dividends to Stockholders • 20.000 00
"Paid or allowed for Commission
' or Brokerage 287.748 83
Paid for Salaries Teas, and others
• charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 35,074 33
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes .- 29,046 80
All other payments and expendi-
tures ....: 84,738 21
Total Expenditures .$1,303,822 23
f Fire. '*"«
Leases Incurred during the year. ...5850,162 64
Risks and Prems. I -Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of ' * . .
Risks written
during ihe year.. " $123,563,963 $1,654,267 65
Net: a mount ot ; \
\u25a0 Risks .: expired
during the year.. 107.286.566 1.431.04? 99
Net -amount In
\u25a0 force - December
81, 1904 ......... 180,559.232 1.607.606 60
-. Subscribed and sworn to before me." this 30th
day of January.^ 1905. > ....
HON. FREDERICK COOK. President.
H. F.'ATWOOD, Secretary.
EDWARD H. GEHRKE. Notary Public
THOS.i J. CONRO V, Manager,
.823. 823 California St., San Francisco.
BALFOUR, 'GtJTHRIEt * " COW
Pacific Coast] Directors.
; IX S URANCE — Continued;^
United State* llruuoh.
STATEMENT l^^S
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
CALEDONIAN INSURANCE COMPANY" >•
OF EDINBURGH. IN ON TH_
31ST DaY OF D_C__UEK, A. D. 18«4. ANU
FOR THE YEAK KNL.ING ON THAT DAS.
AS MADE 1 TO THIS INSURANCE COM—IS-.
tsIONEH OF THE STATE OK CALIFORNIA.
PL'KSCANT TO THE, PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS CIO AND 611 OF THE POUXICAI*
CODE. CONDENSED AS PEH BLANK FL'K-
NISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $434,533 £8
Cash Market Value of all Slocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 1.024,230 »'•>
Cash in Company's Office 2.90S 08
Cash la Banks 147.2*0 33
Interest due and accrued on all
£ toe &t and Loans 10.795 82 -
Premiums in due Cuurse of Coi-
lection 157.412 93
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fir? and Marine iti&ks , 333 11
Due. from other Companies for Ite-
' insurance on losses already paid. 6.420 34
Commission on Reinsurance Pre-
miums unpaid 8,305 23
Total Assets $1,822,611 72
LIABILITIES. ~^~*
Losses adjusted and unpaid $51.737 33
Losses ir process of Adjustment
or In, Su3penso.r. 95.633 U
Losses resisted, including expenses 8.U03 97
Gross premiums on Flro Ri&ks
running one year or less, $903,-
343 S7; reinsurance sl> per cent. 434,173 IT
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$3&2,790 37; reinsurance pro rata 541, 837 9?
All other Liabilities 47.304 27
Total Liabilities ...$1.156.313 90
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums 11.311,139 44
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, blocks. Loans, and
from ail other source* 43. Sit 13
Received for Rents. 43,003 24
Total Income .$1.403.333 $7
EXPENDITURES. " *~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
xdncludlng $US.9t» 47. losses ot
previous years) $815,356 •_
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 2J».OS« 43
Paid for Salaries Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 81.403 32
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes J 38,037 44
AU other payments and expend-
itures • 103.434 34 .
Total Expendlturts $1.333.340 3&
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.. $313.343 45
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Rlsksj
written during the
year ! $134,531,060 $1,782,208 53
Net amount of Risks
• expired during the
; year J.....1 133.0t0.080 1.643.551 21
Net amount In force \u25a0
December Sl> 1904| 173.222.069 1.891.139 74
Subscribed and sworn to befora me. _i»
2Sth day of January. IDO^ _ -^.^
Notary Public in New York.
CH AS. H. POST. U. S. Manager.
THOS. J. COXBOY, _M«uajr«?r.
323 California St.. San Franclsc^.
BALFOUR, GLTIIIU— _ CO..
Pacific Coast Directors.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — Sealed proposals will be re-
ceived at the office of the State Board of
Prison Directors. XJI Pine »t.. San Fran-
cisco Cal.. and will be openeit between th*
hours of 1 and 2 o'clock p. m.. October 19.
1905" for furnishing and superintending tho
erection ot an oil fuel buraias plant at th»
Etate prison at San Quentin. according to
the general outline specifications and prints
on file with Brainard F. Smith, clerk or th*
Etate Board _ Prison Directors, at said of-
fice. The board will let the contract to th*
. lowest bidder who. In Its Judgment, sub-
mits the best and most satisfactory proposl-
t!sn. complying -with all terms of the n-
' Qulrements and specifications, reserving the
right to reject any and all bids for cause.
The genera) outline specifications adopted
by the board, with the prints, are to be used
as a guide to bidders, who are expected to
examine toe boilers, boiler-room and equip-
ment now at the prison, so as to submit all
pioper pumps, fittings and material for com-
pute oil bufhlng equipment, and they ar*
expected to submit plans with full descrip-
tion ot their proposed arrangement of th»
necessary machinery, conforming to tho re-
quirements and intent of the specifications.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check drawn upon some responsible
ta.nl:. payable to the president of the board,
for at least 10 pei cent of the amount of
the bid. which will be . forfeited If the suc-
cessful ' bidder 'should refuse to enter into,
the contract provided by the board and glv*
a bond equal to one-half the amount, satis-
factory to the board, upon notice of accept-
ance. ROBERT T. DEVLIN. President.
BRAINARD T. SMITH. Clerk.
PROPOSALS for purchase of condemned Q. M.
supplies. — Depot- Quartermaster's OfftVe,
North American building. Philadelphia. Oc-
tober 9. I&os.— Sealed proposals, In tripli-
cate, subject to conditions stated in circular
to bidders, copies of which can be had upon,
application to- thl3 office, will be revelved
here until 11 o'clock a. m.. "Wednesday. No-
vember 8. 1905. for tl»e purchase of 127 lot*
of Condemned . Clothing. Equipage and Ma-
terials. Blanks for proposals and full ioicr.-
matlon will be furnished upon application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be 4n-
dors.-d "Propoßats for Purchase of Con- -,'
demned Supplies, to be opened November 81 •
1905." and addressed to LT. COL. J. W.
; POPE. Deputy Q. M. General. V. S. Army.
Depot Quartermaster. » \u25a0.
BIDS lnv ted for Architectural building — !*<*•
tica Is I ereby given that sealed bids will b«
received at 16 South Hall. Berkeley, on or
before p. m., October 16. for th* Archi-
tectural building as per plans and specifica-
tions on 111* at said office. No bids will b*
considered nnles* accompanied by a certified
check or bond In favor of th» undersigned. .
equal to 10 per cent of the bid. with suffi-
cient sureties, conditioned that. If tho bid bo -
accepted, the bidder will enter Into a con-
tract faithfully to perform tho obligation* la
accordance with said bt.J ana with said plan*
an<l specifications. The right to reject any or
all bids is hereby reserved. Tho Regents of
the University o! California.
CARDS AND INAITATIONS.
Engraved wedding Invitations, visiting 4k busi-
ness cards, crests, etc.; high-class work: mod-
erate rates. J. H. Duncan. 126 Kearny -«. 1-3. .
MARUIAU- _ir_NS_S.-
9
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday by the County Clerk:
William T. Johnston. 36. Los Ang«!e«, and
Ella Bloom. 24. Los Angeles.
Emll« Martin. 23, 229 Vi Hayes street, and
Marie Albadie, 20. 658 Sixth street.
James R. Harris. .24. 14 % Pago street, and
Ma» L. Craig. 24. 14^ Page straet.
Francisco Torres, 2S, 713 Filbert street, and
Leonards Martinez. 21. 713 Filbert street.
Frederick W. Bean. 39. BCO Oak street, and
India J. Lewis, IS, 413 Bartlett street.
Alfred E. Hlmes, 21. 4C0% Sixth street, and
Mamla E. Thomas. 13. 2723 Tw enty-ntth street.
Edward V. B^ll, 21, 466 Paris street, and
Paulino N. Astorg. 20. 1422^ Howard street.
Eugene B. Kemper. 23. Sacramento, and Lena
O'Connor. 21, Sacramento.
Paul Blum,' 21. 623 Hyd* street, and Edna
Llpman. IS, 801 Post street. VHoQ^Wt**iSi
Gabriel Hlnes, 36. 1300 Sutter street, and
Irrna Newbauer .' 23, 1914 Sacramento street. ,'
William K. Mordock, 30. Chicago, and Es-
tello S. Dunford. 2B. X Salt _ake City.
Louis A. P. Rols. 41. 200 Leidesdorff street,
'and Clemenco L. Cavey. S3. 323 Montgomery
avenue. \u25a0
- Isadora Landers. 24, 830 Pacific street, and
Martha Magne, 19. 124 Sixth «tr««t.
Alfred R. Street. 68. Lo* Angela*, and Llnnio ,
R. Scldmore. 33. Seattle. .
Frank C. Bigelow. 23. 638 Natoma street.
and Mae.Y. Hlggins, 20. 238 Twenty-flrst avo.
~EffITBS-MAEEMES-DEAm
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
'mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b*
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- \i
eons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted »!rn pty to the announcement
of the event ar* published once In this column «
free of charg*. - -. '- \u25a0 •
DORN.
D4VID— In this city. October 12. 1908.' to the
wife of L»on K. David," a daughter.
GILHOOLY— In this city. October 11, 1906. to .
the wife of Thomas P. Gllhooly., a daughter.
PADGITT— In this city. October 3. 1908, to tho
wlf* of John A. Padgitt. a son. \u25a0
Con turned «a Fase Fo_rte«_.
1314
MARRIED. \
HENRT— ALLEN— In this city. October S.
1005. by the Rer. H. H. Bell. Eugene B.
Henry of this city and Mies I?e Lflra T. Allen
of I'aio Alto, Cal.
HOGGARD— WILSON— In ttlUTcatjr.lOeUjJjwr 8.
150.'., by the R«v. H. H. Bell. VI llllani J-
Hoggard nnd MifS Mabel Wilson, both of
this city. .„
McCEAK- LJX)TD— In this city. October 10.
iaC5. by the R.v. U. H. Bell, Richard ««"
Bean md Mies Jennie Lloyd, bcth of this
city. _^^_—
DIED.
Alameds, John J.. 2 Menary. R- w - H -
Allen. Wiley 8.. 50 Menderson. A. A.. 41
Ble^oe. Hurry F^ 1 O'Keefe. John F.
Braud Arictlde, & Ofborn. W . U 8.. 26
Callchan. Kate. 22 Ragan, R*JP/\ «
Casey. l>avid 8.. ZK Koach. David L... 4«
cnurch, 6. R.. o0 Hector. Robert^ 50
Ccpeland. A. T., 19 Roberta. Robert "vV.
Daley. Wllliem. «li Sabln. John Ira, BS
Ellsworth. T.. Sfi Bcott, Patrick «1
Fellows, Ralph, 84 Sternbers;, D. U, 69
Heuer. Etta Van Aelstyn Clara. OS
Irwln. Francis. 75 Weles. Robert 8., 4
Jackson, Henry D.. 88 Wolff, Dora. 65
Maitrelit, Anna C-, 76 Young. Verselba M...
Mello, Btoa. P.. 2* 6 months.
ALJIMEDA— In Oakland, October 12, WO5.
John 1., youngest son of Julius and Annie
Alamefla, and brother of George Alameda. a
native of Oakland, aged 2 years 5 months and
• 17 £&}'*\u25a0
sXLEN— In this city. October 11. 1905. Wiley
B beloved husband 01 EUnora F. Allen, and
fs-bie-r of Zertt* M. Allen, and eon of Mrs.
Mary Ann Allen and the late Tbomas B.
Allen, a native of Oregon, aged 60 years and
16 day*
ETTrlends and acquaintances ere respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
Ootober 14, at 10 o'clock a. m,. from the,
mortuary chapel of ths Ooldea Gate tnoer-
tsJdns; Company. 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first, ftemaina at his late residence
3320 Twenty-first street, until Saturday
doming at 9 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. if.
Cemetery.
»t .t-twip-. — in this city. October 11. 1905, Her-
rt F beloved and only eon of Jesse ana
AlioV'Biedsoe. a native of Ban Francisco,
aged 1 year 11 months and 20 daye.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 13 o'clock m,, from the parlcrs
Of Hoisted & Co., »46 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BBjiX-D jo Aiameda, October 12, 1005, Aris-
tifle Braud, a native of Martinique, aged b5
> *CrFuneral services 6aturday, October 14,
ex 10 o'clock a. m., at the residence of San-
ford Bennett. 2311 Buena VUta avenue. In-
cineration Oakland Crematory.
CALLAHAN— In this city, October 11, 1905.
Kate Cailthan, beloved Eister of William and
Lottie Callahan and Mrs. Agnes Clasby. a
native of San Francisco, aged 22 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
tFrtday), at 6:15 a. m., rrcrn her late resi-
dence. 2i3 Church etreet, thence to St. Pe-
ter* Church for st lo i. n. In-
Urment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CASEY— In this city. October 11, 1905, David
B. Caeey, beloved son cf the late James M.
and Eliza J. Casey, a native of Colma, Baa
Mateo County. Cal.. aced 30 yea.™.
CTTriends cf the family are respectfully
Icvited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:^0 a. m., from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 6C6 Mission street.
between Fourth and Fifth, thence to St.
Ann's Church, Colina. where a requiem high
mars will be celebrated for the repoee of his
Holy Crocs Cemetery-
CHURCH— At Altadena, Los Angeles County,
October 10. 1905, Seymour R. Church, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 50 years and 3
mon the.
CTFrlends are Invited to attend his funeral
at mortuary chapel. Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
on Saturday, October 14, at S o'clock p. n».
COPELJVND— In WatsonviMe, Cal., October 10,
1905. Albert T.. beloved eon of the late
Alexander and Elizabeth Copeland. and
brother of William and John H. Coptland,
a native of San Francisco, aged 19 years 4
months and 24 days.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. October 13. at 2 o'clock v. m., at
the funeral parlors qi Porter &. White, 4-3
Golden Gate avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
XJALEY— In this city. October 12. 1905. Wil-
liam I>aley. beloved brother of James and the
late John l_>aley. a native of County Roscom-
mon. Ireland, aged 66 years.
CXThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at b:l5 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a re-
quiem low mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ELLSWORTH— In this city, October 12. 1905.
Timothy Ellsworth, beloved uncle of Ella R.
Ellsworth, a native of Windsor, Conn., aged
86 years and 28 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fuily Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, October 14, at 2 o'clock p. m., from
his late residence, 1270 Nineteenth avenue.
Sunset District. Interment private.
FELLOWS— October 10, 1905, Ralph Fellows,
beloved son of Mrs. J. and the late W. Fel-
lows, and brother of Frank and Edwin Fel-
low? and Mrs. M. Byras, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged ."4 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the parlors
of Haleted & Co.. 946 Mission street. ' In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery-, near Colma.
HEl'ER— In this city. October 11. 1905, Etta,
idolized daughter of Doris and the late
Philip Heuer, and devoted sUter of Mrs. F.
E. Wllleon. Mrs. G. W. Lucy, George F..
Philip C. and Doris Heuer, a native of San
Francisco.
inyThe funeral will taite j lace to-day (Fri-
day), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., from the family
residence. 2117 Taylor street, thence to the
chapel at I. O. O. F. Cemetery, where ser-
vices will be held. Interment private.
IRWIN— In this city. October 10, 1905,
Francis, beloved husband of the late Ann
Irwin, and devoted father of Mrs. C. Neall,
Mrs. F. Daley. Mrs. 11. Jax,bsen, Mrs. J.
Stolle and the late Mrs. Nora McKc-e and
Thomas Irwln. a native of Ireland, astd 75
ycf.rs.
C^Kripndf ard acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-Oay
'Friday). October L 3 at 12:.'K> o'clock r>. m..
from his late residence. 142S Montgomery
f-ti-eet. thence to Red Men's Hall, 220 Golden
Gale avenue, where services will be heid
undT the auspices of Pohonachee Tribe No.
10. Improved O. It. M.. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
JACKSON — In this rity. October 12. 1905, Hen-
ry D.. beloved husband of Mamie Jackson,
anO tun of Anna Jackson and the late Wil-
Uam Jackson, and brother of Mrs. Marie
Dray an.l Martha, Richard and Willie Jack-
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 38 years
I month and 2'J day?.
UATTFEL.DT— In this city. Oftobcr 12. 1005.
Ar-r.a C Mattfeldt. dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. Henry Schliemann, Mrs. Fred Freudig.
Mis;. Tbeo. limner and the late Mrs. Claus
W< hltmann. a native of Hanover, Germany.
ag<-d 7ti years 7 months- and 22 days.
MELI.O— In this city. October 11, x 903. Edna
P., beloved wife of JcSfph Mello, and loving
mother of Roswtll and the late Elise Meilo,
anri daughter or Edmond and Mary Floyd,
*is»« r or Mrs. H. J. Horwege, Mis. A. Me-
DowelL Mrs. A. H. Bochrde and Mrs. C. P.
Scoit, a native 01 San Francisco, Cal. aged
»> peers H months and ."{ days.
t^Krtenfls and acquatntancts aro respect-
fully invitsJ to attend the funerel to-morrow
• Saturday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from th<? rc.»i-
den« of her sister. Mrs. A. H. Bocarde, 2(i
Dorland street, between Guerrero and I)o-
lorct. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
VENAHi— Xn Baden, Cal., October Hi I'JC3
« Robert W. 11.. beloved husband of Mary A
Mt-nary. and fcther of Robert V., Roy lj..
Edith R. axid Roland L. Menary, and brother
of Sin. W. S. Hoe of Bodega and Mrs. H.
K. Ix?wi* cf H»n Jose,, and cousin of Dr. P.
A: Mi nary of Santa Rosa, a native of Ire-
land.
CThe funeral «rrvices will be held at
Bluomfleid. Sonoma County. Cal., on Frlda«-
October 13. at I p. m. Remains et the < liapW
of Charles H. J. Truman &. Co., 1909 Mission
strict, betvern Fifteenth and Sixteenth
ur.tll 7:.'10 o'clock Friday morning.
MENDERSON— In Melrose. October 12 !»<;-,
AierandfT A., dearly tieloved husbsr.d of
Bt-lla Menderson, and tjrotner of John Mcn-
dTson 01 Sasi Frtnclsco and James Mender-
*o:j cf Massachusetts, a native of Dundee,
Scotland, arcd 4i ypars 7 menthe and 2 daye'
(T7*Friendy and acquaintances are respect!
rally Invited to attend the funeral services
Salur-Jaj. October 14. at 2 o'clock p. m
fn-tn the fatally residence, on Vlcksburg
*tr**t. just off East Kourteenth Mclroee
JniruiiMH Evergreen Cemetery.
VKKIiFK—Ln ihin city. October 11, 19'<5, John
\u25a0 F.. beloved husband of Mamie Hu9--y
O'iC^efe. and father of Clarence J. and John
F. O'Keefe. and brother of Mrs. P. H. Win-
terson. a native of San Francisco.
Uyi-Yiends and acquaintances are reerx-ct-
fuliy Invited to attena the funeral to-day
(I'tiday). at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
r*-sld<nc*. 171 Bourbon street, thence to Holy
i'i-oph Church, where a solemn requiem mass
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
iSu(c»>«orf to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DAMEX P. DONOVAN^. Mcr.
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 I'ifth et., cpDOElte Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKER^,
——Funeral Directors and Embalmprs
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW AT S6G MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near .Fifth st.
Finrtt Equipments at Moderate Rates.
CEMETERY PLOTS
In Odd Fcllowc' smd Masonic Cemeteries can
be exchanged for Plots In
MOUNT OLIVET.
For particulars apply at City Office,
CPANT BLDO.. MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
will be celebrated for the repose of his 6oul,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
OSBORN— In Oakland, OaL. October 11. 1005,
William Leonard Burnet Osborn, dearly be-
loved and oldest ton of Laura and the late
William Osborn, and brotner of Mrs. Charles
Gilbert and Roy Osborn, a native of Oak-
land, Cal., aged 20 years and 10 months. A
member of Alcatraz Lodge No. 244, F. and
A. M.. and Court Alameda No. SS6I, A. O.
of F.
CiT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, October 15. at 1 o'clock p. m., at
the residence of James Taylor, 1211 Clay
Ftrect. between Fourteenth and Fifteenth,
under the auspices of Alcatraz Masonic
I»dge No. 244.
RAGAN— In this city, October 11, 1905, at the
l^-ideiice of the parents. S7 Central avenua,
Kalpri. beloved son of J. W. and Alice Ra-
Kan, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months.
CJ-Funcral to-day (Friday), October 13, by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets, at 9 a. m. sharp. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
RECTOR — October 12, 1905. Robert Rector, a
native of Tennessee, aged 00 years.
ROBERTS — In Cailstoga, Cal.. October 9, 1905,
Robert William Roberts, dearly beloved hus-
band of Julia C. Roberts, and loving brother
of Jchn G., Joseph *\, James B. and Mary
E. Roberts, Mrs. Jacob Gardner, Mrs. C. "I 1 ".
Kinsman and Mrs. Clark Spence, a native of
Kan Francisco.
C7Frlena9 und acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
October 13. at 11:30 a. m., from his former
residence, li»15 Eddy str«et. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
Laundry Wacon Drivers' Union No. 266 —
Members are earnestly requested to assemble
on Friday, October 13, at 11 a. m., at I£ls
Eddy etreet, to pay our respects and assist
at the funeral of our late brother, R. \V.
Roberts.
ROACH— In this city, October 10, 1905. David
Lh, beloved son of the late Lawrence and
Julia Roach, and loving brother of Jeremiah,
Thomas and Frank Roach, a native of San
Francisco, aged 47 years.
(CTTrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Friday), at 8:30 a. m., from the barters of
McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
6treet, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his boul at 9a. m. Interment Holy Cross
. Cemetery.
SABIN— In this city, October 10, 1905, John
Ira Sab'n. beloved husband of Laura L.
Sabln. and father of Mrs. H. W. Payne, Mrs.
A. N. Bjornstad and Irene Sabln, a native
of New York City, aged 66 jvars and " ua
t-^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
October 13. at 1:30 p. m., frcm Golden Gate
Commandery Hall, 625 Sutter street, under
the auspices of California Lodge No. 1, F.
and A. m. Interment private.
SCOTT— In this city. OcUber 11, 19C5, Patrick
Scott, a. native of Ireland, aged 01 years.
O~ Friends and acquaintances ure respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday
morning. October 13. at 10 o'clock, from the
mortuary chaael of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2493 Mission 6treet, near
Twenty-first, thence by electric funeral car
from corner Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
at 10:30 a. m. Interment Mount Olivet
Crmetery.
STERNBERG — In this city, October 11. 1005.
David L., beloved husband of the late Ro-
salia Steraberg. and father of Jennie, Sadie,
" Morris. I,ess. Henry and the late Clara and
Jake Sternberg and Mrs. Ray Sllvc-iman, and
brother of Caroline Marks of Ukiah, Cal.. a
native of Germany, aged GS years 11 months
and 25 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 a. m.. from hie late residence,
277 Fourteenth street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
VAN AELSTTN— In Oakland. Cal., October 11,
1905, Clara L., wife of Henry Edward Van
Aelstyn. mother of Violet May Van Aelstyn,
and daughter of Solomon and Elizabeth Ep-
ley. a. native of Leroy, Kan., aged 33 years
an 1 10 months.
WEISS— In this city. October 11, 1005. Robert
E.. dearly beloved sen of Frank J. and the
late Margaret E. Weiss (r.ee McAullffe). and
loving stepson of Agne« A. Weiss, and brother
of Elizabeth A.. Richard L.. Frank J. Jr..
Margaret and Agnes Weiss, a native of San
Franoisco, aged 4 years 10 months and 12
days.
CCJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atten-J the funeral to-day
(Friday). October 13, at 5«:45 o'clock a. m..
from the residence of his parents, 017 Minne-
sota etreet, thence to St. Theresa's Church
for services commencing at 10 o'clock a, m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WOLFF — In this city, Octot>er 12, 1905, Dora
Wolff, beloved wife of Marcus Wolff, and
dster of Mrs. Clara Jacobs and the late H.
H. Lowenthal, and beloved aunt of Harry
K. Wolff, a native of Germany, aged 55
years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), October 13, at 2 o'clock p. m., from
the new funeral chapel or Theodor Dlerks,
432 Golden Gate avenue, between Larkln and
Polk streets. Interment New Salem Ceme-
tery, by ;':GO o'clock p. m. train. from Third
and Townsend streets.
YOUNG — In this city. Octofcer 12. 1905, Ver-
6ella May Young, beloved daughter of Versa
and Lydia Young, and sister of Walter L.
Young, and granddaughter of Mr. and Mre.
E. Gustafson. a native of California, aged 5
months and 4 days.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY,
Kan Mateo County.
MASOXIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION.
6StJ James flood Building. S. F.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pace 15.
Toltec C 5
Twi nty-Eisrht 9 75 10 00
"Wabash \u25a0'{* 36
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — .
.'{oo Arline 45
100 -Caribou Oil 8 00
Afternoon Session.
Foarrf—
1000 Asso Oil Co trust cert 57
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were tho sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session — Comstocks.
100 Alpha 101 100 Halfl & Norc.l 15
400 li^lcher 26] 700 Mexican 1 06
ICO <"al«lor.ia \u25a0•• 4 "l 300 Ophir 5 37 4
1000 Chollar 13 200 Sierra Nev .-. 2S
200 Exchequer . . 52( 500 Silver Hill . . »•
. 200 Goul-3 & Cur. 191 100 Union Con .. 48
12 m. Informal Session — Comstocks.
ICO Andes 22! 2fK) Mexican 1 05
JC» Btlcher -'6 700 Ophir 5 37Vi
?.00 Caledonia ... 47; ."0:» Overman 11
10ft Challenge ... * 18 1 " ;0 Potosl 13
100 Cho'.lar 13} 100 Savage 48
100 Con Va M..1 3Cj 100 Sierra Nev .. 28
100 Crown Point. < A '500 Silver Hill .. j«
400 Crown Point. C 7 100 Union Con >. 43
K0 Gould & Cur. l«| 100 Yellow Jacket 23
10J' Gould & Cur. "0; 100 Yol!ow Jacket 24
2CO Hale &. Norc.l 151
2 p. m. ScfFion — Comstocks.
500 Caledonia 47] 300 Overman 12
200 Challenge ... 16) 500 Sep Belcher.. 03
K0 Mexican 103; 200 Union Con .. 4"
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask.: Bid.Ask.
Alpha 10 HI Justice 02 O4
Alia 03 f»5 ! Kentuck Cl 02
Ardes 21 22! Lady Wa»h. .. 02 04
Belcher 25 ' Mexican 1 05 1 10
Host & Re1..l 15 1 20] Occidental ... 87 90
Bullion "7 :<ft| Ophir R 37H 550
Caledonia ... 46 47|Ophlr-Brun«. . 07 10
Challenge ... 1<! 1" Overman 11 12
Chollar 13 H|l'otosl 12 14
Con Va M..1 .'?<• 135 .Savage ...... 47 4ft
Con Imptrlal — O'jficorpion 13 16
Confidence .. 70 75|Seg- Belcher.. 03 04
Crown Point. 07 08; Sierra Nev .. 27 " 28
Con NY — C2|"St Louis 06 —
E Sierra Nev 0.1 05| Silver Hill ..91 95
E-jreka C0n.. 2 25 —j Syndicate .... 11 —
Exchequer . . r>2 531 Union Con . . 46 48
Oould & Cur. 19 21 ; Utah 03 05
Hal<* & Norc.t 10 1 15| Yellow Jacket 23 25
Julia 00 OK;
TONOPAH AND GOLDKIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
1000 Atlanta 12] 3000 Jumbo Ex ... 23
2000 Blue Bull .. 071 550 Mont Ton ...2 75
1000 Bonnie Clare 70, 300 Mont Tt>n,b:{o.2 80
2000 Bullfrog Ex. 3511200 Mont T0n.. .2 72^
2000 Bullfg N Bk 16' "OO Mont Ton . . .2 70
200 Cent Eureka. l 55j 700 Mont T0n,b10.2 70 i
000 Cent Eureka. 1 .r>o|. r >0| 1500 Nev Ooldfield. 22
3T.M> Den Bullfrog 25 1000 Nev Goldneld. 23
1000 I>cn Bullfrog 2fi! 000 N Star * 10. 48
000 Diamondfield. 27|4800 North Star... 49
:;00 Gold Anchor. SB;2GCT' North Star... 50 ;
1500 Gold Bar ... 23| OCOO N Star, b 30. 60
20<» Gold Bar ... 25! 1000 N Star, b6O 61
1000 Goldfield Mln 59! 1000 N' V Ton Con 20
500 Home 10| ROO NY Ton Con 18
6000 Indiana OIiSOOO Rescue OS
500 Jim Butler.. 70| 1000 Sandstorm Ex 08
1000 Jim Butler.. «# 100 Ton Mdway.l 47U,
50!> Jumbo Ex.. 24!
Afternoon Session.
30" Adams 05; 500 Jim Butler ..70
1000 Bullfrog: Com Cs| 8000 Kendall 19
1000 Blfg Corn,b9o 07 100 Mont Ton ..2 72U
1000 Bullfrog Ex. 3-.! 3200 Mont T0n.. 2 07^4
C5OO Eullfg NBk 1 5| 2100 North Star.. . 48
, 500 Cash Boy .. 17j 200 N Star, b 90. 51
7500 D«o Bullfrog 27 850 Ntorth Star... 47
5000 Den Blfg.bSO. 2S| 1000 Orlg Blf*, W0 22
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1905;
1500 Dmdfld. s 10 25 3000 Red Top .... 61
1000 Dtamondfleld 26 1000 Red Top CO
200 Dixie 11 2000 Home Con.sßO 09
100 Goldfield Mln :60 276 Vernal ....... <-5
4800 Home 10 1000 Ton Midway.. l 46
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District. \u25a0
Bld.Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Belmont 140 1 42| I^ucky Tom.. — 05
Belmont Eat.. — X 2 MacNamara 37 38
Boston Ton.. 12, IS Midway 145 1 47
Brgr's JB Ex — 10 Mizpah Ex . . 11 13
California ... 06 10| Mont Ton ...2 65 267
Cash Boy . . 17 18! Mon Pttsburgr — IS
Colehan ..... — 10 Monitor ..... 02 OS
Eula Con ... — 17 N V Ton Con 17 19
Gold Anchor.. 86 SSj North Star... 47 41)
Golden Gate. — OS] Ohio Ton ... 27 29
Gold Mt 11 12| Red Rock Ex — 15
Gold Mt Con — ul| Rescue 07 08
Great Westrn 03 04 Ton Exten ..5 75 600
Ind Tonopah. 01 02j Ton Hme Con 06 08
Home 09 10 Ton SI v & Old IB —
Jim Butler.. 68 70* Ton of Nev.l3 00 13 12
J -Butler Ex — 17! Virginia 10 —
Little Ton .. — 2 10> West End ... »5 03
Goldfield Di»trict.
Acams 04 051 Great Bend .. — 06
Altanta 11- 12] Highland — 20
Aurora 06 l*|Jumbo M Co. 74 <(>
Black Ants.. — 04 1 Jumbo Ex ... 22 2:J
Black Butte. 18 20, Juno — 21
Blk Btte Ex. 02 03, Kendall 10 20
Black Rock.. 01 03 1 Kendall Ex.. — 02
Blue Bell ... 05 WJj Lone Star ... OS OV
Blue Bull .. 07 CsJ Lucky Star.. — 04
Brooklyn ... 01 C2| May Queen .. 14 16
Bite Goldneld — 45) Mohawk 13 15
Bull & Bear. 02 03 1 Nevada Boy.. 13 10
Booth M Co. Oti — (Nev Goldfield. 23 —
COD 40 50; Nev Southern. — 11
Columbia ... 15 — I Oakes — 10 I
Columbia Mt 15 18 Oakland — 10
Conqu-eror .. 10' 11! Oro — w
Diamond ... — 10| Pennsylvania. 02 U3
Dlamondfleld. 25 2«' Rfd Lion 03 04
Dmdfld Trnsl — lO| Potlatch — 08
Dominion ... — 08, Red Top 60 01
Dixie 10 12! Red Top Ex. V 2 03
Empira ..... 04 06 Sandstorm ... 40 41
Exploitation. — Oi Sandstorm Ex 07 09
Fawn 05 — Sherman — 25
Florence 250 4 CO' Silver Pick... 07 W
Frisco — OS! Simmerone . . — 20
Gold Dust . . — 07i St Ives 13 16
Gold Hill ... — 041 Treasure 04 05
Goldfleld Mm 58 00 Verde — 04
Gld& G Reed — 10 Vernal 03 C 3
Gldfld Rand. 05 o<>| Wonder — 0J
Goldfield Ton — 06| >
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 08 10J Cold liar 22 24
Amethyst ... — L.i Gldfld Bullfrg — It
Big Bullfrog. 12 — |LJg<. Harris.. 02 0J
Bonnie Clare 60 — .Mont Bullfrog •><* 0t
Bullfrog Miv 45 50 1 Orlg Bullfrog. 20 21
Bullfrog Anx 02 U| Pilot '• 20 —
Bullfrog Com 06 — llpd Uo S Otf 12
Bullfrog Ex. 34 aoj San Francisco 17 19
Blfrg Bundle 10 — Shcwhcne — 10
Blfrg Jumper 10 — Jshushn B Gld — 20
Bullfg N Bk 14 15, Steinway 15 17
Dt-n Bullfrog 27 28 Ventura 11 — ',
Dn Blfg Anx 05 06 r Vista Grande. — 0J
Eclipse 43 44 Wolverine ... 06 II
Other Districts.
Brown Hope. — 14- Paymaster ... 02 03
CongreFs 15 — I Kay & O'Brien 06 07
Esperanza . . — 01; Rocco Hmstk. — tO
Gu.d Reer M 16 — I Rothwoll .... — 28
Gold Quartz. 32 — (Silver Peak.. — ll
Kawlch &B. — 13( Southwestern. — 25
Kawch MCo 06 0»i Sylvanla 00 15
Llda Hawk.. — 60; Tokop Con . . . — 01
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterdaq:
9:30 a- in. Session.
2500 Black Butte. IS! 600 Mnt Tn,510.2 72^
4000 Blue Bull .. 07: 1500 Nat Bank ... ltt
2500 Eclipse 44 2Cl> Savage 4l>
200 Gold Anchor. 86| 300 Ton Mdway.l 471$
1000 Jumbo Ex .. 24, 1000 Ton Midway.. lso
2000 Kendall IJ> 7CO Ton N Star.. JO
2CO Mont T0n.. 2 72V4! 600 N> Star, s 60. 49
100 Mont Ton ..2 7a
11 a. m. Session.
200 Belcher 2«| 20C0 Ohio 29
1500 Black Butte. 39| 10CO Red Lion 04
2iM» Blue Bull .. 07| 10C0 Red Top. s 10 60
1000 Kendall 19; 100 Ton Exten ..6 00
100 Mexican ..1 C7%| 700 Mdway, slO.l 42U
300 Mont Ton ..2 75 ICOO Ton N Star.. 49
;:0:j Mont Ton. .2 72 Va SOO N Star, b 30. 50
2000 Nat Bank .. I*>|
2 p. m. Session.
200 Caledonia ... 4S| 2000 Nat BanK ... 16
5C(> Gold Anchor. 87j 100 Ophir 5 37'^
1000 Home, b 30.0J%|1000 Red Top* 60
3<XK> Hme Con.btiO Oa, o<v> Ton Blmnt.l 42^
5(X»0 Hme Con.bSO 00| 15dO Ton N Star. . 49
600 Mexican 1 Cs| 500 N Star, b 10. 49
1100 Mont Ton ...2 70
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstocks.
Bid.Ask. * Bid.Ask.
Alpha 10 11 Julia 00 —\
Alta — 05 Justice — 04
Andes 21 — Kentuck — 02 ;
Belcher 25 — Lady Wash... — 04
Bc«t & BeK.l 10 — Mexican 100 —
Bullion ..... 37 — Occidental ... 87 91
Caledonia ... 60 • 51 Ophir 550 —
Challenge ... 17 — Overman 12 —
Confidence . . 77 — | Potosl 13 .—. —
Chollar 12 — 1 Savage 48 —
Con Va M.I SO 1 37^1 Seg Belcher.. 05 —
Con Imperial — C 2 Scorpion 12 14
Con NY — 04 Sierra Nev ..26 —
Crown Point. OS 10 Silver Hill ..87 —
Exchequer . . 49 —St Luols — 11
E Sierra Nev — 04 Union Con ..40 —
Gould & Cur. 20 .21 Utah 03 C 5
Hale/& Norc.l 00 105 Yellow Jacket 13 —
Tonopah District.
Belmont ..1 40 1 47%! Mizpah Ex . . 10 12
California ... 07 — , Mont Ton..!' 07% 270
Cash Boy .. 16 — N V Ton Con 20 21
Colehan — 10. North Star... 4S 40
Gold Anchor. — 1 CO' Ohio — :t0
Great Westrn 03% 04! Paymaster ... -01' i f2
Home 08% 00% Rescue 07 OS
Home Con .. — 09| S Nev Dev... — 10
Ind Tonoj>ah. 00% 021 Ton Exten. ..s 75 —
Jim Butler.. — 73; Ton of Nev.l2 50 13 25
Lucky Tom.. — 17 United Ton .. — 15
MacNumara.. 37 :i9. West End ... —1 lo
Midway 1 45 1 60|
Goldfield District.
Adams 04JC5% Jumbo M Co. 75 —
Austin — ol| Jumbo Ex ... 21 23
Black Butte. 18 21| Kendall IS 20
Blk Bttfc Ex. 02 03% 1 Lone Star ... (.IS —
Black Rock.. — 03' May Queen .. Hi —
Blue Bell .. 02 05! Mohawk 15 —
Blue Bull . . 08 09| Nev Goldfield. 21 -r-
Brooklyn ... 02 05; Oakes — C 9
Columbia Mt 18 — Oro -i- <5
Diamond ... 08 15! Pa Goldfield.. 02 03
Diamondfleld. 27 * 31| Red Lion .... 02 —
Dixie 10 121 Rfd Top 50 : 61
Frisco — 10 Red Top Ex. (U% —
Exploitatlin. — 03 St Ives 14 —
Gldfld G Dst — 07 Sandstorm ... 40 50
Gld& G Reed 11 — '. Sandstorm Ex CS (9
Gldfld L Star — 08 Silver Pick... 08 09
Goldfield Nev 68 00 Simmerone . . iO —
Great Bend.. 03 — | Vernal 04 —
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 01 .03' L!pe Harris. . 01 —
Beatty Blfrs — C 5; Mont Bullfrog — 04
Bullfrcc Anx — ;05|Orig Bullfrog. 20 2-"i
Bullfrgr Belle — f.7' tihoshone — 12
Bullfrog Mln — 55 Vista Grande. • — 15
Bullfg N Bk 15 IS] Wolverine ... — 11
Eclipse — 14|
Other Districts.
Brown Hope. — . lCj Pine Grove .. 20 25
Esperanza .. 00% 01; Ray & O'Brien 06 —
Free Gold .. — Jo; | Rothwoll .... — 25
Gold Mt Con — »2 Silver Peak.. — 21
KawJch Gold. — 03! Ton Berkeley. — C 2
Nev Sunshine 15 — J Ton Gold Mt. 10 14
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACT! OX S.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12.
William J. Blattner et al. to City and
County of San Francisco, lot on SE corner of
Hayes and Franklin streets, E .'51:0 by S
120; $10C0.
Same to same, lot on NW corner of Fell
street and Van Ntes avenue, : W 88* :9 by N
275. quitclaim deed; $1.
City and County of San Francisco to Bridget
Murphy (wife of Cornelius), lot on S line of
Green street, 102 E of Buchanan, E 2tS:9 by
5\u25a0137:0:S \u25a0 137:0: S .
Frank P. and Alvina P. S. Sherman to Ltna
Marx (wife of Henri), lot on W line of Bu
chanan street, 70:0 S of Jackson, S 20:3 by
W 80; $10.
Hugh and Louisa M. Huddleston to Gilbert
H. Oakley, lot on W line of vv biter street,
li*» N oi Lombard. N 37:0 by W l."7:tf; $10.
G. E. and Emma Thompson to James and
Annie Price, lot on W line of Pierce street,
i:JS N of Union, N 27:6 by W 137:6; $10. '
George M. Adams to Elizabeth Armstrong
(King), wife of Edwin W., undivided half of
lot on N 1 line ot Sacramento street 27:6 E
of Broder'.ck. E 27:tt by N IUC, and lands ad
jacent: $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Maria Kallon, lot on S line, of Hayes
Etreet, 1S1:3 E of Broderick, E 25 by 8 137:0;
$10. , •
Mary Flaherty. Stephen T. and John J. Bd I
monds and Katherine McCarthy ; to Margaret
Edmonds, lot on E lino of. Baker street 110
N of Bush, N 27:0 by E S2:G; also lot on
S'llne of Pine street, ,168:9 W of Baker. W
25 by S 137:6; gift.
Lillian M. Wheeler to William A. Magee,
lot on N line of Broadway, 231:9 "W of Baker
street. W 45 by N 275: $10. .
William A. and Harriet H. Magee to Oscar
Sutro. same; $li>.
Elizabeth F. Nelson to Harry ! Maskow, lot
on W line of Lyon street. 75 :S of Pine a
25 by W 87:6; $10. ' \u25a0 *' a
Union Trust Company of San- Francisco' to
William HcJblng. lot on N corner of Howard
and Thirteenth streets, NE 27:6, ,NAY 79 -41:
SW 27:0?4. SK 80; $10. , • ;4>; 4>
Walter J. and Joe Beane to Celia M. Beane
lot on B line of Mission street, 100 N 1 or
Seventeenth, N 25 by E 105; $10.
Bryan J. Dill to William. l. and Annie Hy
land, lot on N line of Twentieth street ">O5
Wof Sanchez. W5O by, N 114;. $10. :\ ' "
- Caroline Meussdorffer, . estate- of John c
MeussdorfCer (by. William " J. Kennedy,- com
missioner) to " Joseph Frl«dlßnder. IotSE cor
ner of Ftourtcenth and Castro streets, E 100
by E 50; ?4000r ..;-..-. •.
W. F. and - Paula ." Williamson to Thomas
Fanning, lot on N line "of Twenty-seventh
street, HO W of Church, ,W 28:8 by N' ll4; $10
H Charles A. and Mary- A. King, to Harry. Rl
Wlinar, lot on~'N line of Sacramento street,
125 E of Drumm, E 30 by N 69:9;510.
Jacob Heyman Oomoany to Richard C. and
Johanna Spear, lot on N line of Twenty-fifth
street, 180:8 E of Diamond. E 26:8 by N 114;
fio.. --• \u25a0--.- . , ; , - ,v \u25a0\u25a0- - \u25a0'" ;.; . .
Antonio, Maria, Vlncenzo and Rosa Bocca
to Walter L. Heise, " lot ' on SE corner >of Du
pont and Hinckley streets, S 40 by E t«:0; ?10.
Reglna A. S. and R. Anastasia S. Pescla to
Sadi&las Pawlicki, lot on E corner of Second
and Howard street. SE 67:6 by NE 85; $10.
Bernhard Davidow to Anna Davidow, uiw
divided half or lot on NB line of Third street.
U) KE ol l J erry. BE 25 by NB 77:«; $1.
Catherine Campbell to Charles M. Myrick,
lot on SE line ot Brannan street, I<s IsE of
Third, NE r»O by SE 137:0; $10. -
Horace C. and Annie L. tStxton to M. * isher
Company, lot on SE line ot Clementina street,
15l> Mi of i-ourth. KB 25 by SE 76; $10.
V.'llhelm Buckhom to Harry H. Cosgriff, lot
on SW line or Mari]>oea terrace, 4o SE ot
Htron street, tE -Ju by a\V 50; ?IW.
August and Agnes Krc.-nrey to Alexander
and Margaret Kusnton. lot on Wj line ot ithode
Island ttrtet, 170 N of Twenty-flttn. M -'5 by
W KO;
George D. and Llllie B. Toy to Vera B.
Fitch, lot on X line of Twenty-first avenue,
150 N of Lake *trett, N 25 by E 12:J; flO. .
Thomas and Catherine Fanning to Hau.it H.
Somers, lot on N line of Point Lobos avenue,
100 W of Fifteenth avenue, W 23 by N 100;
«10.
Currier St Mitchell Company to Joseph and
Mary Sudall lot on E line of Twenty-fifth
avenue, 225 S of Clement street. S 25 by E
120; ?10.
John D. Melr.hardt to Hannah and Aaron
D.' Col ton. . lot on W Una of Sixth avenue. JoO
E of A fctreet, S 25 by W 120; $ 10.
City and County oi San Francisco to Her
bert Deakyne, lot on E line of Twenty-seventh
avenue. 139 N of Q street. N 53 by E 12U;
J. Frank and Marea Walters to William F.
and Mary F. Swift lot on E line of Seventh
avenue, 35 N of I street, N 25 by E 95; $10.
Same to Building Construction Company, lot
on E line of Seventh avenue, 110 N of I
street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Same to same lot on E line of Seventh ave
nue, 85 N oUI "street N 25 by E 95; $10.
Thomas J. Jeans to Angle F. Jeans, lot on
E line of Forty-fifth avenue, 250 S of X
street. S 50 by E 120; also lot on \\ Use of
Forty-sixth avenue, 175 N of U street, N 11X>
by W 120: rift. - _
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Raleigh P. Hooe, lot on E line of
Nineteenth avenue 150 S of T street, S o
by E 120; $010. , , _
Thomas Liunning; to Solomon Getz lot on s
line of X 6treet, 200 W of Thirty-ninth ave
nue, W IHS by S 12:»:11; $10.
Ernest S. and Helene Burkhard to Pe:«i
Sorcnsen. lot on NW lire of Naples street,
125 NE of China avenue. NE 25 by NW 100,
block 8» Exce!s!or Homestead; $10.
Edmoiid and Ellen Kenny or Kenney to ]
Samuel Irving, lot on NE line of Fifteenth
avenue 50 SE of 0 street, SE 50 by NE,
I(M>. lots 45 and 40, block 292, O'Neill & Ha.ey
Tract; $.15.
Jchn Stewart to same, game; 51".
Samuel Irvin E to M. A. Meier, lots 45 and
4<!. block 292 O-Nelll & Haley Tract; $10.
M A. Meer to C. August eihe. lots 45
and 46 block 2*J2. same; grant.
Thomas H. nnd Uowena R. Dempsey to
Rumuel Schell. lot 3, block Q. Park Lane
SMary:l! Crocker and Kato D. \u25a0^'' rshl^ ( f{ ) I m ;
T)y Kate M. Dillon) W Ocean bhore Rf'l wa >
Comrnpv, low 17S to ISO. gin map 4; SlO \u25a0
Joseph and Maria Fa-ssler to Alfred D. Bow -
en. lot on W corner of Mount \ ernon and
Huron etreets. SW 1M by NW 23., lots 0
and 10. block 7. West End Map 1: 510.
John Doyle to Antonio Ttscornla. lot on S
corner of Mission street and France avenue.
SW 60 by SE 83:6, block 6. Excelsior Home-
SU Anna D. Joost to Ephratm H. and Helen
M. Pray, lot on SE line of Corbet t avenue
32 NE of SW corner of lot 13, block 4, NE
32. SE 60:6. SW 27. NW 74:2. to beginning,
lot 13 block 4. Market-street Homestead; s^o.
Oscar Heymnn to Rufus D. Quentel, lot oi.
Gift Map 1; $10. " , , _ „
Rufus D. and Maggie P. Quentel to O. E.
and Mary E. Pierce, lot 57, Gift Map 1; $10.
Minnie G. and John F. McPherson to Austin
: and Alvina Moore, lot :?2fl. Gift Mao 3; $10.
Same to same, lot 331, came; $10.
Guisepre or Gioslppe and Theresa Rlsso,
Glcvani B. or Guianl B. or Gian B. Rlsso to
Ocean Shore Railway Company, lot on NE
line of Risso property. 159.4 NW of Mission
street. SW 696.4. thence on curve 44. .8, NW
179.4, N'E lOofi, SE 76.4, portion of Islals and
Salinas lots 12 to 10. reserving *>a«<m«>nts; $10.
Fannie M. Winter to Mary E. Wickson
ft al. undivided one-ninth of lot on NW line
ot Mission street. 107:6 SW of Islals. SW
309:5 NW 230:10. E 4^:7. excepting NW lln<?
of Mission street. ISU SW of Sprlngdals, SW
438 7 SE 70.4. NE 3C2.8. NE 112.5; $10.
» C. 'j. and Katie E. Carroll to Ocean Shore
Railway Company. NW boundary of lot 11.
block 7 113.7 NW of Wyoming street. W on
curve IST.. NW- 94.0. E on curve 155.5. SE
89 S. lots 2. 3, 10 and 11. block 7. West End
Map 2; $10.
T B Potter Realty Company to Margaret
H. Turney, lot 31; block 51, Reis Tract; grant.
Builder*' Contracts.
George E. Baraty (owner) with J. T. Reed
and J C. Wells (contractors), architect Oliver
Everett — Alterations and repairs to building
1276 and 1277 Eddy street; $I:>U5.
Joseph M. Parker (owner) with Mager Bros,
(contractors), architect W. O. Banks— All work
tor a two-story frame buildlnjj on lot on E
line of Van Ness avenue. 38 S of Union street,
S :!0 by E 125, Western Addition 40; $0395.
s!g Strassburger (owner) with M. Ljvy Com
pany (contractors), architects Salfield & Kohl-
Derg _Gas fitting and plumbing for a three
story and basement' frame building on lot on
N line of Golden Gate avenue, 137:0 E ol
Polk street. E 57:6 by N 120; $1000.
A iu mt* tin County.
Julia P. Simpson (single) to Sydney L.
Walker, lot on S line of Emerson 3treet, 1C2:O
W of Shattuck avenue, W 125 by S 100, lots 4
and 5 and E half or lot 0, block X, map por
tion of Newbury Tract, Oakland; $10.
Elizabeth Chatman (widow) to J. B. Porte. \
lot on NW corner of Twenty-seventh and West
streets. W 45 by N 100, being E hair of lots 22
to i's, block 21)25, .Map No. 2, Whltcher Tract,-
Oakland; »10.
The Realty Syndicate to M. Louise Knowlton
(widuw), NE 10 feet of lot 31. 6W 30 feet
of lot 32, all of lots 48 and 47. block D, map
No. 2. Highland Terrace. Oakland; $10.
liose D. Polrler (single) to Grace Hltchlngs
(slngl?) lots 5 and (>, block 13C2, Polrler Tract.
Oakland; ?10.
Anne Jackson (widow) to John L. Maschlo,
lot or. S corner of Howe and Mather streets,
SW ;50 by SK 125, lot 14, block L, Thermal
Hill, tormerly Howe Tract, Oakland; $10.
11. B. and Susie L. Uelden to Marion Brom
ley (single), lot on S lini of Sixty-sixth street,
formerly Mackstone, 100 E of San Pablo ave
nue. E 21. S 170, to S line of lot 4, W 25.52,
N 170 to beginning of portion, of lots 1 to -4,
Itock Island Tract, Oakland; $10.
Mabtl and J. M. Ruth (husband) to George
A. Douglass, lot 22, block D. Central Piedmont
Tract, Oakland Township; $10. •
. C. M. Anderson (widow) to John F. Shaw
(married), lots 12 and 13, block 22, Mathews
Tract, Berkeley.; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Luther M. Turton
(married), lot t>, block 20, same, Berkeley; $10.
Same to Manuel Mathiasen (single), lots 5
and 0, block H Bryant Tract, Berkeley; $10.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 10.
Mate E. Stevens to Amelia Scott (wife of
\V. H.). lot on W line of Magnolia street.
274:0 S ot Twe.fth, S 35 by W 133:3, block
502. Hoardnian's map. Oakland, deed made to
correct error in deed made between same
parties January 31. 1901, 770 D. 9; $10.
Realty Syndicate to Harriet E. A. Hooper
(single) lots 37 to 8»," SW 10 feet lot 40 and
NE 10 ' feet of lot 3(5 block D, map No. 2,
Highland Terrace, Oakland; $10.'
Horace and Esther J. Gushee to Mary E.
Easton (widow), lot on NW corner of Center
and Oxford streets. N 123 by W 30. lot 13,
block A, Berkeley property, maps . 1 and 2,
Blake Tract, etc., Berke.ey; also lot on E
line of Grant street, SO X of Channlng * way,
N 50 by E 100, lot 14 block 14, McGee Tract,
Berkeley; also lot on NE corner of Grant
street and Channlng way N 50 by E 130, lot
13, block 14. same. Berkeley: also lot on 8
line of Bancroft way 100 E of Fulton street,
E 50 by 8 130, portion lot 8, block 13, prop
erty College Homentead Association. Berkeley;
alno lot on S line of Bancroft way, 160 W of
Ellsworth street. W 60 by S 130, portion lot
(i. block 13. same, Berkeley, and property out
of county; irrant. -
John M. and Emma S. Foy to Theodore C.
W. and Meta Petersen lot on S line of Center
street, 383 W of Shattuck avenue, W 20 by
S 130, being W 20 feet of lot 11. block 2,
Shattuck Tract, map No. 2, Berkeley; $10.
William L. and Florence A. Mason to I. L.
Grainger lot on N line of Wilder or Mason
street, 254 W of Baker. W 50 by N 147.84.
lotg 7 and 8, Mountain View Tract, portion
Dohr Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Anna M. F. Rued! to George Smith, lot on
W line or Poplar street, 210 S of Wast Six
teenth S 49 by W 120, lot 23, block 584, map
of iredivisltn "of blocks 584 and 585, etc..
Oakland; $10 .\u25a0 "
Frank G. and Mary A. Brown to Charles
N. Wood lot on S line of Avon street, 121:6
W of Shatter (Second avenue). W 50 by S
150, lot 28, block B, map of blocks A, B
and C, Vernon Park, quitclaim deed, Oakland;
$10. \u25a0 \u25a0 ,-:• \u25a0\u25a0•.\u25a0-\u25a0 ''->..'
Union Savings Bank to Lenora.M. Harrison
(widow), lot on W line of Myrtle street, 104:6
H of Fourteenth, S 75 by W 125. lot 7:and'N
half of lot 8, block 670. \u25a0 plan of subdivision
of block 570, Oakland; $10.
Arthur G. Duncan (single) to Guy .D..
Reynolds, lot 14,- Park View Tract, Oakland
Township; $10. . - . :,
John and Caroline -Melehior to Adolf Wll
kens (single), lot on N line of McKee street,
:{OO E of Occidental. N 135 by E 50. lot IS,
block J Paradise Park, Oakland; $10.
Armand M and. Mary Vlvier to: Ira and
Evelyn G. Sanford, lot ; on -E line of Morton
street, formerly St. Paul, - 210 SJof \u25a0• Railroad •;
avenue S 40 by E 160, lot 51 and S 15 feet ot
lot f»2, ' block 21}," homestead of Mary A: Fitch,
' Alameda; $10.
Albert J. Hindu to Irene E. Hinds, lot on S
line of Central avenue. 140 E of Pearl. B 41:6
by S 170; $10.
J. Edward Byrno (widower) to Lulu A. An
derson 1 (wife of James .-A.), lot on W, line of
Center" street, \u25a0 150 S of Railroad avenue, • S
25 by W 141:4 lot: 13, block 494, map 'of ; re
<3lvls"lon. city blocks 404, 495, 406, Oakland;
$10,---- - .:\u25a0. \u25a0.": : \u25a0 . :. :"r: "r- -.. -\u25a0 ; ' \u25a0\u0084- J -:
.-: Henrietta L'arkc (sinnle) to W.C. Lewis, 'lot
on. W -line of, Essex street, 120 "N of Alcatraz
avenue, N 80 by W 100. -lots 9 and 10,- block 3,
Herzog Tract. ' Golden Gate. Oakland; $10. ':-\u25a0':
John J. and Alice F. McDonald to Sadie
INDICTED MAN
ENDS HIS LIFE
Armitage ; Mathews Leaps to
His Death From a Win
dow of His Apartments
PROMINENT IN POLITICS
New Yorker Accused of Loot
ing Estate Had Friendship
of Former Governor Black
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— Rather that face
trial on the indictment charging him with
having fraudulently taken money from
the Wiessel estate, Armitage Mathews,
lawyer and secretary of the county Re
publican committee, committed suicide
by Jumping from a window in his apart
ments to a stone pavement in the court
yard. He struck on his head, fracturing
his skull and died In a short time.
Mathews, who was a young man, had
advance^ rapidiy, both in the practice of
his profession and in politics. He was a
friend of Former Governor Black and ot
Abraham Gruber and they were loyal to
him in his trouble, acting as legal ad
visers and doing . all they could to aid
him to- obtain the change of venue from
this county for which he had applied.
The change of venue was denied yester
day.
Mathews was indicted last May on
charges of conspiracy and grand larceny
growing out of the looting of the Welssel
estate, of which David Rothschild,
wrecker of the Federal bank, was admin
istrator.
Rothschild, John W. Wooten and Law
yer Samuel L. Ferguson were all indicted
with Mathews on the same charges.
Rothschild is now serving a long term
in State prison for wrecking the Federal
bank and Wooten was convicted in June
and sentenced to nine years and five
months in Sing Sing.
Wooten was kept in the Tombs aa a
possible important witness against
Mathews. Ferguson was also expected
to be a witness for the prosecution of
Mathews.
Mathews was the local representative
of the Bankers' Surety Company ot
Cleveland, which was on Rothschild's
bond for $400,000 as administrator of the
"Weissel estate. It was agreed by the four
accused men, according to the Indictment,
that Rothschild was to have sole posses
lion of the estate and that whatever
money he borrowed on it was to be
shared by his associates.
Mathews at one time was an assistant
District Attorney. He served three terms
as a member of .the Board of Aldermen.
Two years ago he was made secretary of
the county Republican- committee.
After Rothschild was convicted and sent
to Sing Sing he drew upon bits"bf a paper
a stries of statements in which he ac
cused Mathews of having a share in the
looting of the Welssel estate. Eventually
the statements reached District Attor
ney Jerome and Rothschild was brought
to New York to testify against Mathews.
SBNATOK LONG ADVOCATES
LOWEII l'Hlia-'PINE TARIFF
Confern With the President on Mut-
tcr.s Obx'tfrved on Trip to
the Far Knst.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 12. — In the opin
ion of Senator Long of Kansas, who
made the trip to the Far East with Sec
retary Taft and party, the greatest
need of the Filipinos is freer trade with
the United States. The Senator talked
with the President to-day about the
needs of the Philippine Islands. He
told the President that in his judgment
the islands would be in serious financial
condition until a reduction of duties
on their, products entering the United
States was made.
"Recently," said the Senator, "the
Filipinos have suffered from the
typhoons and drought. As a conse
quence their crops have either failed
or been wiped out and they are becom
ing discontented. Their discontent does
not take a revolutionary form, but is
simply the result of existing condi
tions."
Senator Long discussed railroad rate
legislation with the President. He ex
pressed the belief that the matter
would be disposed of early In the ap
proaching session. .
GOVEnXOII GEXEiIAL WRIGHT
WEARIES OF- MANILA LIFE
Soon to net ire Because of Dlasatlaf ac-
tion With the Existing
Condition*.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12. — By reason
of what appears to be dissatisfaction
with the situation in the Philippines,
Luke E. Wright, Governor General of
the Philippines and president of the
Vhilipine Commission, will retire from
:hat position about the first of Decem
ber. General Wright is expected to
arrive in the United States during that
month and is entitled to six months'
leave of absence prior to the formal r«
linquishment of hi 9 labors as Governor
General. It is understood that he ex
pects to return to Memphis, Tonn., to
resume the practice of law.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 12. — At to-day's ses
sion of the convention of the American Hu
mane Society a reso'.utlpn was adopted oppos
ing any change in the present twenty-eight
hour limitation for cattle transportation.
Twomey (wife of C. .T.). lot on'S-Ilne of Knox
uvenue, 100 W of Telegraph avenue, W 40
by S 140, lot B, Knox Park.. Oakland; $10.
J. B. Richardson and L. E. Kelly (trustees
estate of D. B. Finch) to William M. Wheeler,
lot on N line of Fifty-ninth (formerly Marl
posa) street, CO E of McCall. E 82 by N
110.50 lets 2i and '25, corrected map resub
(llvision b.ock A, Brumaglm Tract, Oakland;
$10. -
Axel Johnson to . Kate Halton (single), lot
on W line of Silver street. 101:!) N of Mo«s
ft venue N 15, W 10ft, S 102:0. E 50:G 2-5. N
04:10^' E 50 to besinnlng, portion lots 12
and 13. block C. Broadway nr.tl Telegraph
Avenue Homestead. Oakland; $10.
EL and Fannie C. Sarg»ant to Laura
Stlckney (widow) SW Uof NE 80 feet of lot
4. map portion Highland Park, East Oakland:
§10.
William O'Brien (husband of Mary J.) to
Mary J O'Brien lot on W\u25a0• line of Henry
str«et ICO S of Eighth. S 30 by W ICO. por
tion lot 5 block 528. map 1. portion Gibbons*
property 'Oakland: also lot 13. block R. re
vised map Oakland Heights, Oakland: also lot
on N line of West Ninth street. 38 W of
Cypress W" 73 by N~101:xU. lots ISO and 31.
blocit 852, map Eighth Street Tract, Oakland;
~ The Realty Syndicate to Wlckham Havens
(married). E 25 feet of lot 4, Crocker Tract.
Piedmont. Onkland Township: $10.. .
Piedmont Building Association (corporation)
.to Agnes J. Jones (widow), lot 24 block O,
Central Piedmont Tract. Oakland Township;
Mary B Metcalf. wife of George £>.. to
James R Little, lot on PE corner of Milvla
and ' Francisco streets. E 118. S 48. W 120. N
to \u25a0\u25a0 beginning, lot 15. I block . A. James Tract,
rjerkelev $100. -
Frederick . Ryer (widower) to same lot on
S line of Durant avenue, 04 W ol Ellsworth
etreft W 50 by S 130. portion of lot 4, blick
13 property of College Homesteadd Assccla
tO Fllen C C Andersen f (widow) to S. T. McAn
ally lot on S line of Stuart street. 225 E of
Grove E 40 by S 120.66. lot 10. block 20. map
5. Shattuck Tract. Berketey:
Same (&a guardian eKtates of Harold and Ar
nold Andersen, minors) to same, all Interest
In same. Berkeley: $375. _
Minnie F Calhoun to Benjamin F. Calhoun
(husbandd),' undivldedd one-half Interest in, lot
nn W lln« -of Humboldt' avenue, 1O»> S' of
DwlKhtway. S 54:3. W 105 N 35:3. E . SO.
N 10, E 40: to beginning, block I. Leonartl
Tract Berkeley; gift. '• :
Mary S Carnall (widow) to Ida M. Marshall
(widow), lot on W line of Walnut street, 100
N of Vlrs'.nla, - N 40 by W' 127.42, portion lots
34 5 and 23, block C. plat Percy Tract,
HOCH ASSISTED
BY MILLIONAIRE
James H. McNieholas, a Kicn
Miner of Portland, Puts
Up Money to Appeal Case
WANTS NO -NOTORIETY
He Eeads of the Affair and
Then Goes to Aid of the
Murderer and Bigamist
CHICAGO. . Oct. Li— A casual glanoe at
a newspaper by an entire stranger, who
happened to be spending a day in Cleve
land. Ohio, it has just been discovered,
is what intervened to save Johann Hoch,
the murderer and bigamist, from death
at a time when his execution seemed cer
tain. It has resulted in a postponement
until a thorough Inquiry can be made by
the Supreme Court of the State.
The man who, unsolicited, tendered his
check for the amount that would make
possible a stay of execution and an ap
peal to the Supreme Court, Is James H.
McNieholas, a millionaire miner with
headquarters at Portland, Ore.
According: to the statement made by
McNieholas during a visit to Chicago, he
was en route. last July to Hornellsville, N.
Y. At Cleveland he read the story of
Hoch's trial and the critical situation h«
was in, with no money to assist him In
carrying his case to the higher courts
for review.
Hoch's condition made such an impres
sion upon McNieholas' mind that he was
unable to think of anything else. Finally
he learned the names of the attorneys
who were assisting in Hoch's defense and
that Representative Frank Comerford
was at Springfield seeking to secure a
stay of execution from Governor Charles
Deneen.
McNieholas Immediately wired Comer
ford that the sum necessary to guarantee
Hoch another trial would be forthcoming
on demand, and later wired the amount,
$500, to Comerford, thus saving Hoch at
the laqt moment.
Because of his dislike for notoriety
McNieholas' name has not been made
public before as Hoch's benefactor.
INDEPENDENCE OF
KOEEA NEARLY AT END
Hermit Kingdom's Affairs
Soon to Be Directed From
Tokio.
SEOUL. Korea. Oct. 12. — Japanese
Minister Hayashl started for Tokio to
day for the purpose of consulting the
Government and Elder Statesmen. Min
ister Hayashl recently recommended th
declaration of a Japanese protectorate
over Korea as the only means of mak
ing effectual Japanese projects In Ko
rea. It Is probable that the coming
conference will definitely decide the
political status of Kor>-a.
The Japanese are anxious to obtain
a firm hold on affairs before the return
of the representatives of Russia, and
the' impending conference, together
with the absence of the 'British and
Italian Ministers on a vacation, encour
ages the local Japanese to believe that
eventually all the foreign legations
will be withdrawn from Seoul, and
that the diplomatic business of Korea
will be handled altogether In Tokio.
The Wnipcror and court officials are
much worried over the present turn
of affairs, more especially as they
cling to their national representation
abroad and to the residence of foreign
Ministers In Seoul as the last vestige
of their vanishing independence.
Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12. — Army or
ders: The following changes In the sta
tions and duties of paymasters have
been ordered: Captain Eugene Coffin
is relieved from duty at San Francisco
and will proceed on the transport sail-
Ing about December 5 from San Fran
cisco to Manila and will report to the
commander of the Philippines division.
Major J. W. Dawes is relieved from
duty in the Philippine Islands, to take
effect upon the arrival of Captain
Coffin at Manila, and will then proceed
on the first available transport to San
Francisco and on his arrival will re
port by telegraph to the military sec
retary of the army for further orders.
Captain Ernest D. Scott, Artillery
Corps, upon the completion of his duty
with the Second Provisional Regiment.
Field Artillery, at Fort Sill. Okla.. will
proceed to Fort Rosecrans on official
business pertaining to the packing and
shipping of public property.
Naval orders: Passed Assistant Sur
geon J. M. Brlster is ordered to the
Philadelphia, with additional duty at
the navy yard at Puget Sound. Passed
Assistant Surgeon E. G. Parker is de
tached from the naval station at Tu
tuila to the Pensacola, with additional
duty at the naval training station at
San Francisco. Passed Assistant Sur?
geon A. M. Fauntleroy Is detached from
the Philadelphia to the naval station
at Tutulla. Samoa, with additional duty
on the Adams. He will sail from San
Francisco on November 2.
God never calls a man to command
until he has learned to obey.
RA t LWATTIUVEL.
\u25a0~ "I To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY.
MLLL VALLEf.
I CAZADERO, Etc.
i Via SausAllto Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. BTANDARD GAUGE
Depart week days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept Sunday), 7:43. 8:25. 9:10. 9:60. 11:00 *.
m- 12:20. l:«. 3:15, 4:35. 5:15. 6:50. »;3ft
7-16 9:00, 10:15 and 11:35 p. m. *
'For Fairfax, week days — 7:45 a. m.. 3-13 D
m. (Saturdays only), 5:15 p. in. dally except
Saturday and Sunday; Sundays and holMayit
7.45 9:10.- 11:00 a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
'. THROUGH TKAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations
8:15 p- m- Saturdays only — For Cazadero',
6:15 p. m. dally (except Saturday and Sun-
day) — For 'Point Reyes, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— COO Market st
\u0084 FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
SAVTA FE SYSTEM TRAIXSi
7:30 a. m.l To Stockton, Merced, Fresno.
0:30 a. in. \ Hanford. VUalla and Rakers-
8:00 p. m. I field.
4:00 p. m. V For Stockton and Intermediate
• J Points.
9:30 a. m.t 'For Oakdals and Points on Sler-
5 ra Railway.
] California limited. Three days to
0:30 a.' m. {\u25a0 Chicago, Mondays and Thurs-
. . j daya.
8:00 p. m. } For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
S and -• Chicago.
Ticket Offices— 6s.l Market st. and Ferry Depot,
.San Francisco: also 112 Broadway, Oak-
land. Cal.: also 27 South First. Han Jose.
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
TMIBAT3
»S&&«te!Sft Arrive S. F. 30:45 A M 2:55, 6:32 tm
\ss^s^S# 81TC113AT 031T
Lv. S.F. 4:55 pm Ar. S. F. 11:05 pm
MlSßjr SUSDITS ISD LIGIL' HOUDITS
Lv. 5.F.8A"5,9:50.H:00am1.43pm
V .• . Ar. S. F. 1:30, 2:55, 4:'^3, 6:^ pm
TICII7 I 650 Market ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
BWICB ( and Sausai.it o Perky, Foot Market St.
RAJLjWAY^raAyg 1 -
# Trains le»T» »nd •*• ««*C
; to arrlT© at ™
SAN FBAKOISOO.
F»O3i Ocrowni 8. »a
FSBKT DXTOT
(Toot of Market Street.)
uat^ MAIN LINE. -*****?\u25a0
"iTJIQAKImIra. Vacarllle. Winter*. Kanwer 74&P
7.00 a mchmond, BenicJa. Sacramento,
Bainun and Way Station* ...—•; '-Z Bl *
740AYallcJo. Kspa. CaUitoga, Banta
Kota, Martinez. San Ramon ..... B-05»
7.<oANlle§, Pleasanton, Llrermoro. _„
Tracx.Latorop. 3t0cfet0n. ....... 7^B»
B.ooa Shasta Express- (VUDaT I"),
Williams, Willows, trruto. Red
Blnff, Portland. T»coma, Seattle. 7.ASW
B.ooaD»t!s. Woodland. KnlshU Landing.
\u25a0 M»rjsTllle. OrorUl* V™;V
8.20 A Martinez. Antiocb, Bjron. TracT,
Stockton, Newman, Los Banoa,
Mendota, Armona. Hanford,. ± 09ft
S^OAPort Costs, LaH»f°p. Merced. Mo-
desto, Fresno. Hiinford. VUalla,
Bakersfleld •• *-*«^
840ANlles, San Jote. LlTermoro, Stoci-
ton (tMllton). VsJley Spring,
lone. Sacramento, Placerrtlle,
Colfsx. MarysTille. Ked 81uff .... 4.03*
B.4oa OakcUl?. Chinese, Jamestown, . „
Sonora. Tuolumne and Angels... 4.08P
B.OOA Atlantic Express— Ogden snd taat. 4-ZBP
9-40 A Rlehmond, Port Costa, Ma r 1 1 n « S
and Wsy Ststlons (tConcord).... 8.48P
1020a Vallejo, Dally. Xspa, Sunday onlr 7«48p
1020aLos Angeles Passengor— Port
IM^ Costa.Martinej. Byron. Trt.cn
Lathrop, Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno, Ooshen Jnno-
tion, Hanford. Vlsalla, .
Baiersfleld. Los Angeles 7-C8!»
1 0-20AE1 Paso. Kansas City. St Louis and
Chicago.... vi* ** UB^
11.00 aT&« Overland Limited— Omaha,
I i.uua lu eh , C!|go> DenTer, Kansas City... |.43i»
1 1.40A Kiles. San Jose and Way Stations. ?-48i»
\u26661 .OOP Sacramento River Steamers til-OOP^
S.2oPPort Costa, MartlnezJlyron.Tracy. na _^
Modesto. Merced. Fresno 12.08P /
S.2oPTosemtto and Marlpo^a Big Trees, ._
Monday, Wednesday aad Friday 843 a
3.4oPBenlcia. Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland. Knlsrhts Landing.
MarysTllle and OroTllle '•S'^f*
s.4opHayward. Mies, and Wsy Stations 7.43P
4-OOpVa'llejo. Martinez. San Ramon,
Xapo. Callstosra. Santa Rosa 9.28*
4.oopyiles. Tracy. Stockton. L0dL...... 10 28*
4,4oPUayward. MHe*, Irrlngton, Ban> J8.48A
Jose, LlTcrmor© I «11.40 a
6-OOPThe Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Bnnos. Mendon, Fresno, Tnlara,
Bakers:!'-!.:, Loh Angeles 8.43 a
B.OOP Chicago and St. Louis 6pecfal— El
Paso, Kansas City. St. Louis and
Cnlcaßo 843 a
ts.2opHarwarU.KHes and San Joso 7.03 a
6.2opValleJo. Port Coma, Bcnlcla. Snl-
sun. Sacramento 11.23 a
6. COP Eastern Eipress— Omnha. Chlcazo.
Denver. Kansas City. St. Louis,
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento,
Reno, Sparks. Montello. Osden .. 12.43p
8-20Pnayward. NUesand 3nn Joso 9.43 a
7.ooPReno Passenger— Port Costa. Be-
n!cla, SuUun, Elmlra, Dlson,
Darls.Sncraniento. Sparks, Toco-
pah, UoldfleldandKeeler 7-C3*
7.ooPVallejo, Crockett and Way Sta-
tions, Sunday only 11.23 a
B.2opOregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento. MarysTllle. Re<!d!o<.
Portland. Png« Sound and East. 8.48 a
8-00 p Ha v ward, NUcs and San Jose (Sun-
day only) - 111.48 a
COAST LINE (>arr«w Uauje).
(Foot of Marlcet Street.)
' 8-15a Newark. Centervllle, San Jose. '
Felton. Bonlder Creek, Santa
Crna snd Way Stations 6.53P
t2.lspNewark. CcnterTllle. San Jos«,
N'err Almaden. LosOatos. Felton.
Booldcr Creek, Santa Cms and
Principal Way SUtloas tiO.SoA
4.lspSews.rfc, San Jose, Los Gatos ....-}
9.4spHanters Train— (3ntnrdar. only)
B*n Jong ami Wny stations t7.59,-»
COAST LINE <Uroa.i Uaunej.
tM"( Third and Townsend Street*.)
6. IDA Saa Jose sucl Way Stations 8-30P
7XOASan Jose and Way Stations 5.40P
800 ANew Almaden (Tues., Frt., only).. 4-IQp
8-OOAThe Coaster-San Jose, Salinas,
Ean Ardo, Paso Robles, Sant*
Margarita, San LnU Obispo,
Oaadalupe. Oav!ot.i, Santa Bar*
bars. San Buenaventura, Oxnard,
Burbank. Los Angeles 10-30;*
B.OOAGUroy. Holllster. PaJ-.ro, Castro-
Tllle, Del Monte, Paclflc Grove,
Surf, Lompoc 10.30p
9. 00 a San Jose. Tres Plnos. Watsonvtiie,
Capttola. Santa Cruz. Pacltla
Grove. Salinas. San Lais Oblspo
and Principal Way Station* 4.1 Op
10.30 a Saa Jose and Way Stations 1.20P
I 1I 1 .30a San Jose and Way Stations 7.4 UP
2-1 5p San Jose and Way Station* 836 a
S.OOPDeI Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose, watsonvtiie. Santa
Crua. Del Monte. Monterey
Pacific CroTe 12.15P
t3-00PLos G*to.«. Wright. Bonlder Creek,
Santa Cruz. Tia Santa Clara and
Karrow Oange 10.45 a
3.3oPSoutn San Francisco, San Jose,
GUror. Holllster. Tres P1n05..... 10.45 a
4.3OPSan Jose and Way Stations t755\
t5 OOP Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos, t9.00A
4B.3opSanJo3eandPrlnclpalWay Stations 19.40 a
s.4sp Sunset Express— Redwood, Saa
Jose. Ollroy. Salinas, Paso
Hohles, San Lais Oblspo. Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Deming;
El Paso, Sew Orleans 9.10 a
6.45 P EI Taso. Kansas City, St. Louis,
Chicago 9.10 a
s.4sPPaJ:iro, Watsonvllle, Capitols,
Snnta Cruz. CastroTtlle. Del
Monte, Paclflc Grove 1Q.30P
t6-15PSan Mateo, Bercaford, Belmont,
San Carlos. liedwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto IS.4SA
6.3opSan Jose and Way Stations..... ... 8.36 a
B.oopPalo Alto and Way Stations 10.15 a
1 1.30PSonth San Francisco, MlUbrae.Bnr-
Ilngame, San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaki,
M-nlo Psrfe and Palo Alto 9-45P,--
11.30P Saturdays only for Maylleld, Moan- *Ta
tain View. Sunnyvale, Lawrence,
S»ota Clara and San Jote 19.45 p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
(Foot of Marlcet St.)
f 7.15 a.m. 9. C0 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
* 1 .00 p. m. 3.00 p. m. 5. 15 p. m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
ISuaday excepted. tSunday only.
SMoaday only.
{Dally, and stops at all stations on Sunday.
ULIFORNIA KUnWESTEXN RY. C&
Tfbnron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAX FRAXCISCO TO SAX UAFAEI-
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 0:00 a. m.: 12:35. 3:31).
5:10. 8:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30 a. m.; 12:33. 3:30. 5:101
6:30 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK PATS — «:C5. 7:35. 7:50, 9:2u a. m.;
12:50. 3:4<». 3:0 O. B:2O p. m. ~
BUNDATS — B:05. »:00. H-.19, 9:40 a. m.; 3:« X
4:50. &:00, 5:20. 6:30 p. m.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrivo
Ean Fran. I Oct. 8. 1905. | San Fr in
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Day*. I days. | Uon. | days. | Pays.
7:30 a 8:0Oa 0:10 a[ »:io a
0:0O a 0:30 a Isnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:3Op .1:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 |>
5:10 pj 5:10 p 7:30 p!
9:0O ai 9:30 a( Napa I 9:10 a; 8:40 i>
6:10 pj 5:10 pi , | 6:20 pi 6:20 p
7:30 a 9:10 al 8:4,» 4
8:COa Novato. lO:4ft a!lO:25 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma C:O5 p| 6:20 p
8:10 p 3:30 p and 7:23 p , i
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 1 r
T:3Oa " 10:40 aj!o:2s a
8:00 a Fnlton 7:30p(C:20p
3:30 p 3:30 p \u25a0 \
Windsor
7:30 a 8:00 a H>adsburg 10:10 a 10:CS»
Lytton
8:30 p 3:30 p Geywrvllle 7:30 p 6:23 9
I • Clcverdale
7:30 al 3:OO al- Hopland 110:40 a'lO:2S a
3:3!>p! 3:30 p| and Uklah | 7:30 p| 6:20 p
~~~\ j Wllllts and 1 F~
7:30 a| 8:00 at Sherwood (T:3opJ6:2Op
7:30 at 8:00 at H(>:40a!10;23 a
8:30 p| 3:3Op| Guernevllle | 7:30 p| 6:20 p
7:80at»:OOa| Sonoma I 9:10 a! 9:4" *
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen |«:0Oplfl:20^
7:30 at 8:00 at 10:40 a11t»: 23 »
3:30 p| 3:30 p! Eebastopol 7:30 pi 6:20 p
5:10 p| S-.lOpj I
STAGES connect at Green Bra* for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs -nd Mark West Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyscrvllle for SkagO
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon-
vtHe and Greenwood; at Hoptand for Duncan
Springs, Highland Sprlntcs. Kelseyvllle; Carls-
bad Springs; Soda Bay. Lakepcrt. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Sprlnsrs; at V kla n
for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs. B!u»
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Up-
per Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Llerly"s. Hnllville. Orr*s Hot Springs. .Half-
way House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendt -'no
City. Fort Bragg, Westport and Usal; at Wll-
llts for Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood for
Fort Bragg. Cahto. Covelo, Laytonvtlle. Cura-
mings. Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit-
land. Dyer. Garbervllle, Camp 5. Pepperwood.
Scotia and Eureka. \u25a0 \u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. „ , .
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market st.. Chronic!* bnlld-
la jAS. AGLER. R r^lsl A Art^
Pen. Manager. G***- "»»\u25a0 Agt. -^
W66Hy Cal $1.00 wYwCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks quiet and unchanged. Cotton lower.
Local Slock and Bond market shozvs no special feature.
Trifling fluctuations in Silver and Continental Exchange.
Shipment of $440,704 in Treasure to the Orient.
Wheat and Barley Futures declined. Cash Grain steady.
Choice Hay scarce and firm. Beans unsettled. Feedstuff s firm.
Poultry in heavy receipt, with a good demand.
Choice Potatoes firm, but lower grades dull. Onions firm.
Grapes in aefvue shipping demand. Apples plentiful and zveak.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese in light supply and firm.
French cables report Walnuts excited there;
Hops and Hides steady to firm. Wool unchanged.
Provisions still dull. Meat market well supplied.
Clews says American extraz'agance is making Money higher.
WHY SIOXEY IS HIGHER.
I'nbrldled Expenditure for Lnxnrles a
Prime Cause.
Tfce New York circular of Henry Clews
«ay»:
"The current 6carcity of money Is by no
rr.tar> the sole result of the ordinary demand
lor rnovir.g the crops. T"hese demands are
necessarily lai-ger than usual because the crops
themselves are much above the average. But
the demand for money in mercantile channels,
r*fl(/ting the prosperity of the country — the
j>rej«rations for increased bu*toesf to result
from this prosperity — represents a strain much
more laetir-g than the ordinarj- reasonable de
mand for crop funds. With" this prosperity
there has developed a corresponding season of
«xtravaganee, a seaeon of increased demand
for luxuries that in view of the extraordinary
c.err.aji(l!= for funds in the world's money mar
ket, of which New York has become euch an
Important component, will be quite sufficient
to maintain the value of money on a much
higher basis than has recently been the case.
The Imports of luxuries arc quite significant
In this direction, the monthly report of the
Appraiser of the port of New York, for in
etance, showing an increase of, in round num
bers. $5,000,000. made up in great part of
luxuries, in the «j>pari*ed value of importa
tions for the month of September. There wae,
for example, an increase of more than $1,000.
000 in the import value of precious stones;
119 automobiles were brought into the country
In September this year, as compared with 72
cars in the came month of 191*4; and from
January to September inclusive, 772 cars,
-valued at $3,UUU>UUU. wtr.- bruugnt in at tmt
port, in comparison with 435 in the came period
3*st year. In addition to this indication of
vnbrldled expenditure there are the demands
vi|K>n th-e world's market for peace funds— for
funds to aid recoveries by both J;-.;an and
Russia from the drains made by the war. Both
countries during the war resorted to loans from
their own peijple rather than assume risk of
injuring their foreign credits. These loans,
ior short terms, it is now thought advisable
to repay in order that the funds may find
*mjjlo}-ment in rf storing proper equilibrium In
domestic affaire after the losses of war. Rus
«ia has intimated a desire to borrow 6ome
thini? over $.">00.000,000 by the end of this
month, and Japan is likewise desirous of se
curing funds on a peace basis, allowing the
unexpended balances of her recent loans to con
stitute a reserve. In both instances these
r.ew .demands will become factors in the local
money market, even should New York not be
requested to officially participate in them, in
that they will require a further accumulation
of foreign funds, which will in turn mtan
additional handicaps upon the movement of
rold to ihi* center. In this connection the
rise to S per cent in the German Bank rate is
eigniflcant."
Urnfn Exports in September.
The Yellowing tables show the exports of
*heat And barley from San Francisco by sea
in September, 15*05:
WHEAT.
_ T °— x Centals. Values.
<sr-« Britain 12,732 $17,8^5
Hawaiian Islands l,l»0 1 557
J. a P an , 237 341
Central America 91 Ix 7
Tahiti 72 H' 5
TotaJs < 14.312 J2O 275
September. ISO 4 41.891 til,«JB
BARLEY.
1 T °— Centals. Values.
Great Britain 333,256 %Z, .352
Belgium 148.517 15C.4<St
Hawaiian Islands 40,348 44 811
T , ahl ti •••' 246 - 255
Mexico 55 C 5
Japan i 52 74
{ Touls 522,874 $577,056
September, ISO* 274.016 321,792
The totals for September. l»04 include 239 -
522 centals of barley and 40.370 centals of
•wheat for Great Britain. In September, 1903,
the exiiorts were 52.711 centals of wheax
valued et 876,720 and 707,273 centals of bar-
Jfj-, valued at $544.61!».
EASTEItX -MARKETS.
Xevr York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12— Money on call firm.
»V4«j»i per cent; closing bid. 5% per cent; of
fered. 6 per cent. Time money, firm; sixty
and ninety days. T>'j~>'-j per cent; fix months
4r«ss per cent. Prime mercantile paper!
*6''^s per cent. Sterling exchange firm with
• ctual business in bankers.' bills at $4.8.V30 for
demand and at $4.*>220©4.5225 for sixty-day
biile. Posted rates. $4 S2UQ4 S3 and $4 8«®
4 86H- Commercial bills. $4 bl«i@4 hl%. Bai
•ilver. €l« t c. Mexican dollars. 47^c. Govern
ment bonds, steady; railroad bond*. Irregular.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Oct. 12.— Stock* in further
•peculative liquidation came upon the market
In lare* volume this mornlne under the con
tinued influence of the e a4r . e f artorB Vhirh
Started the decline yesterday. The London
«tock market s»--emed equally deiiressed with
JCew Tork over the significance of the opinlona
•xprespfcd in the bankers' . convention by Mr
Vanderllp. vice rtreeident of the National City
Bank. Lower urice.s for Americans were es
tablished there and Ixjndon began to sell
• toek« here as soon ac the market opened.
loafer the New York market became very
irregular, with oceasiona.l ralliee. But the
principal activity was while r'ric«a were de
clining. The recoveries were due in large part
to the taking of profits by bearish traders who
had sold s-hort earlier, and there was no re
vival of active operations for an advance, ex
cept in the case or a few etooks, -which are
In the hands of speculative pools. The re
laxation of tins »=ellin«r pressure was due in
part to the interpretation of eevcral incidents
it indicating a benevolent attitude towards
the market on the part of the powerful group
©f cspltalictft whose opinion wae euppc;-ed to
be represented in the addre6> at Washington
xvhlch 6O disturbed sentiment yesterday. For
©oe thi::g, the ftockg In which this group of
capltfclista is supposed to take a particular
Interest were Inclined to reeist the prevailing
depression. Amalgamated Copper amonpet the
industrial! enfl St. Paul amongst the railrocis
were the conspicuous examples. When - the
money rate opened at 0 per cent and fearjs
bepan to be felt that H would ripe above that,
practically unlimited amounts were offered at
that rate by the National City Bank. It was
Inferred from this that a corrective was de
•lgned, for the imrwession created In specu
lative circles by the paragraphs In the bank
era" addi-eea which was rr.ade rao»t of by the
market yesterday. Speculation vu inclined
to take tfce ground that while a warning
fifalnet speculative exce«js was intended, there
was no desire to convey a dintrust of the pres
ent level of rrice». The motives of the trad-
Ing will b* seen, from these examples, to have
been largely inferential. The large arrivals of
g-old. amounting 10 $2,050,000 were consigned
to the bank which made the principal liana
en »the Stock Exchange. The time money
jnarket was called very firm or.d It was re
portefl that lender* were inclined to scrutinize
tnore closely as collateral some of the In
dustrial securities in which th*re have been
recent active pjicculativo movements. The spe
cial movement in Chicago Terminal stocka to- ;
<s«y wa« dut t* a public report of Hill control. \
"Wieconsln Central wat still strorg under the j
inluence of vet-terday's rej>ort» of an Erie !
proie-ct tn tbat property. The day's net j
changes were m«s>'Uy unimportant.
: Bf-nds were Irrejrular. Total ealea. par value,
$ 2,.".RO,<XKi.
United States bonds were all unchanged
on call.
\e»v York Stock Lht
£ : F. Hutton A Co.. 490 California street.
fi«O Francisco, members of the New York I
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
o uotationa of that Exchange: 1. f
Saiec.j 6T.OCKS. Bld.l Ask.
JAfiams Exprese.l 240 ?248
A1I1« Chalmers.. 17% 17% 17%; 17H
.... Do pfd 1 -M^iJ CO
29.C00lAj»aJ Copper ... 64 83Vi S3fc g3Tt
KXjiAm Beet Piipar. 24 \u25a0 24 24 2«
Do pfd 63 85
5,000 Am Can Co i 10% 10% 10% 11
2001 Do • pfd 71 71 71 71%
Cer A Fdry.J 37% 28% 37% 37%
• JOOJ Do pfd JIOOVjIMH »9?j 1004
IOOIAm Cotton 0i1..! 31 30 30% | 31
Do pfd 1 »2 100
100 Am Dist Te1....; 34 84 34 36
lAm Express *- 4(> -°x
200 Am Grass Twine! 7 7 C%] i ,
200 Am Hide & L. . 6% 6% <>%| 6%
100 Do pfd 33 33 33 | 33%
Am Linseed I l '%\ ls %
1,400 Do pfd 42 ! 4U%1 41 41%
5,300 Am Locomotive.! 66% 1 59 I 60 | 6Oli
1001 Do pfd iIH ,114 |113%!114
: !Am Malt j I I 5% 6
100 Ito pfd 125 25 ,2o 25Vi
2?,<KtO ! Am Smelt & Ref|l27% 12»%(127% 127%
lOOl^Do pfd ......:il2<.>s 4 il2o%!120%!121
5.900 Jm Sugar ,140 13SVi 139% 139%
..I Do pfd ! iHO |142
1,400 Am Steel Fdries! 12%! 12J41 12%| 12U
5(X>: Do pfd 44% 43% 43%| 44
.\u25a0;... Am Tob pfd....'101% 101 Vi 10iy*[101%
2«COAm Wool*n 38 36% 36% | 36%
| j Do pfd 101%|102
' SiiOAnaconda 117 116% 116^4 116%
I [Ann Arbor j32 37
! I Do pfd 75 80
2nOiAtlantic C Line. 162% 160% 161% 102%
»,OOO,A T & Santa Fel 88%| 87%1 87%| 88%
l.OOO; Do pfd UO4 lo3%t lcS^i 104 Mi
6..O<io'Balt & Ohio |112%!1H%i112% H2Vi
S Do p f d i ) flc>^ ° 7
ißay State Gas.. | ' 13-16 Vi
18.0CO ; B R T i 71% 71% 71%' 71%
(Brunswick D&I.) 14% | 15%
IButterick Co ... 55 I 60
lOOCanada Southenal 09% 69% 69 I 70
lrt.so<> Canadian Paclfic'l7l [1<59% 170%j170%
2.2^to;e & O | 5«%1 56 | 56%|<>6%
;C & A ;1..-..;| ;| 36 I 87%
I 100J Do* pfd I 7» 79 179.179&
C & E I pfd I |130 U4O
|C I& L pfd i ] IS3 1100
8.500 C &G W | 21% i 21%! 21%| 21%
1,200| Do pfd A 76% 74%! "6Vii 76»>
i Do pfd B ..| 37% l 36
j Do Delra ...| I 87%| 88
! ».700 ! C &N W 215%214%!215 !216
i 22.100 0 M & St P |179';« 1! ;i78%!179%!179%
I ( Do pfd ! JlBB |188
10.40o;c R I & P (new)i 3.'Hil 32% | 32%! 33
900: Do pfd I 79%! 79 I 79%! 79%
... I Do 4's { -83 83%
40T)'Chicago Te r .... 1!> 18% 18V- 18%
3.1001 Do pfd 41% 38V. 39% 40%
100' Chicago U T 12 .12 12' 12%
! Do pfd 42 43
C C C & St L 08% 09
Do pfd ! 117 1121
IClev Lcr & W..1 82 90
j Do pfd I .105
K,100,C010 Fuel & Ironi 46 44% 45% 45%
I Do pfd ! 89 96
Col Hock & O 1. 1 15% 16
400,Colf> Southern ..I 2S'4 28 28 25%
100; Do Ist pfd ... 62 62 61% 62
:«0 Do 2d pfd 43 42% 42% 43
4.000,C0n Gae 187 186V4 186 187
l.OftO.Corn Products .. 13V4 12% 13 13Vi
1,000! Do pfd 54 53 63 64
1.300 : Del & Hudson .. 220 21S 219%i220
iDL & W 484 1485
600JD &R G 37% 36 33 33V.
I.COOJ Ix> pfd 88 86 87 88 Vi
iDes &f &Ft D 15 16
100 Detroit Un Ry. . 93% 83% 93 94
; Detroit So ..."...\u25a0. HVi 12
| Do pfd 41 43-,
'Diamond Match- ....140 140%
000. Dist Sec 42% 42 42% 43
Duluth S S & A. | 15% 16
600! Do pfd 43V41 33% 34Vi 35 -
34.000 Erie 45%1 47% 45% 48V4
Do Ist pfd I 80% 81
700 Do 2d pfd 72V4 71% 71% 72
iE & T H Pfd I 85' 95
[Federal Steel: :.|ll9 120
! Do Pfd ...... ©6,4 96 | f»7Vg 97%
:Gen Chem pfd .. ..-. 1104 107%
4i>oGen Electric ...179% 179 jI~SV>tISO
3.OCKVGreat Nor pfd. .^lS^lSl? |317% 318%
7.<i00 Greene Cons C -.1 27 | 26t4l 26% 27
> Havana Tob Co. .1 !..... 29 30
V>o pfd .....| 38 42
!Hock Valley ..! 88 92
• j Do pfd .1 91H 92%
2,2<0;1U Central 179% 178Ji]179% 179%
..Jlnterbcro " '. . J212V4 215
Marine 1314 13%
1 Do pfd j 34 \u25a0 34a s
1.O00! Int Paper -22% 22% 22% 23
1,600] Do pfd 80%| SO 80 Vi SO%
[Int Pump 1 ! . 26% i 28
! Do pfd I 82% 85
300; Iowa Central ... 28% 2S 28 29
40CJ Do pfd 66% i $6% 56 57
300 ( K & M 345 34% 34 ! 34%
(X C So f..... 25i,i 25%
I Do pfd j 52% 52%
[X & Dcs M f 14 17
Lficlede Gap pfd ! 05 110
ILake E & W | 33 36
j Do pfd ,-...i \ Qi \u25a0 97
:Lehlgh Valley | 83U ai%
500 Ijang Island 65 ]65 04 I <}X
S.Boo!Louis & Xash... 151%'1C0% 151 (151V4
iMackay 46% 46%
I Do pfd |\u0084 j74 741^
lOOlManhatjian !;«0% ies%!lf:.ji4 165W
2,800 M^t Sftcurities... So%\ 8(1 1 80%T 80%
e.SOO^Iet St Ry ftt6"^f125M125%!123#
1.700 Mexican Central.! 24% i 24%| 24%j 24%
IMlnn &St L j | | 72% 1 75
! Do Ist pfd... .| 1 1100 1105
©COM. St P& S S MJI3B JI3CV4|I37%!I3S>i
i Do pfd 1 1..... JCI IC4
3.1«o;Mo. Kan & Tex. l 32% 31 Vi 32 32%
COO; Do pfd I .07% 67 67 68'
3.000, MiKFouri Pacific. llOJ'j, 102%]203«]W3?4
iNash, C &St L [148 1150
2,200 j National-Learl... 46 45Vi! 4594140%
Do pfd .1 ]1O5%|1«)'
(Ntl R n Mcx pfd| [ 3li I 37%
200, NatIonal Biscuit.} 64%! 54V4 54% i 55%
........ no pfd J ins jm'
{New Jersey Cen.j... 214 1216
N T Airbrake...! 150 |163
8,500.New York Cen.. 14*% 1*7% 148H 145%
600 NY.C & St L.. 54 53% i Xl% r»4
I Do Ist pfd 112 |120
j Do 2d pfd 83 I «6
j New York Dock 125 12.S
IN Y. N H'fc H \ 205 207
4.300;n Y. Ont &\u25a0 W.( 53^41 53 53% .Vi-^
1.900 Norfolk & West. l 55%! 84% ST,%\ 85%
J Do pfd I I I Jrt) 102
COOfNorth American. 98 I 97Vii C 7 1 !)S
IXorthern 5ee5. ...;..'.(.. '...JlB5 1S»
3^oo Nortliern Pacific. 206%4204% 20T% ! 20(5 .
Omaha 185 |J95
Do pfd. .•..."..;...... 190 200
O S L 4i.. ....'.. ....'. ..... -m% 97
400'Paciflc Coast.... 107% lOC % JC6W. 107%
I Do Jst j>fd... f 104 "|ni
\u25a0'•••\u25a0A E* 0 2d Pf d •-- • U»7 .. HO
9.lWPac!fic Mai1..... 4C%) 4i% 46% l 46
• 20.000! Penn R R C 0... 143% \ Vl%\m:\%\\W£
I.2oojP.fcople-!. Ga«..... Ut3:. 102%t102%iia-J
P. C C & Et L 79 82
'•••-•-) Do pM .: .: 100 112
l,«oo<Pr*Mie.i Steel Car 45% 45 45V« 45%
500 Do pfd ©6% »614;9f5iA 96%
••;-i^S Ullman Oar Co J2*9 * 231
I.ROO.Ry Steer Spring* 43V4 42%) 42% 43
-_S£; Do P f<3 1C2% 102 93»4 102
\u25a0 100 Do Jst r>M 3a»> f13% 82 91
! Do 2-1 pfd gs 39
2.2ootßepubllc S &•!.. 24«4 2a'i 24% 24%
i,«oot i>o pfd 91 r Q2% my. 1 94
Rubber Goods... 3fl 1 ZRVi
....... I Do pfd j... iQ3 IjOO '
700-SJos* SS & I Co.! .€3% 1 69 " 1 , 69% 70W
I Do pfd V...!...'..1.....1U0 112
IOCfFtJ & GI Ist pfd I COVi 6014 60>4 60%
...:...6tL &EF let pfd'... . . 7711
.500 Do 2d pfd l- j e9% 6«% 6.5% CX%
8I * s »\u25a0,,.!,.; 24 24 Vi
Do pfd *? m% Cl
2C. 400 Southern Pac .. 6881 C 7% <is« 4 c,au.
\u25a0 300; Do pfd ll»«tlil»a ii»g 120 %
B,»oo!Southern. Ry ... 35% 35 33U1 :J3'56
4001 Do pit- ! 03% WVi 00 »r)Vi
Standard Oil 660 67"
Standard R & T.... \y. \\jl\
4,300;Ter.n Coal &I. 8.-5% 84% S5 85V4
100Texa« PL T Co! 47 47 46% 47
6,400 Texas Pacific .. 34% 34% 34% 34«
Third- Avenue .. 120% 128 \u25a0
Toledo R&T Co 35 351/
Toledo St L & W 30% 37U
Do pfd &•>% C 7
700 Twin City RT. 116V4 116 116% U«Vi
"OOJUnion B«s &P 15 14% 14% 15
I Do pfd 81 82
73.000'Cnion Pacific .. 131% 13094 131% 131%
200 Do pfd 06% 96% 9R 9f1%
Do cony 4b , .134 135
..... ..lUnited Copper 33% 34
UX)!Unlted R pf S F 7«V4 t<i : 75% 76W
600' Do pfd 91 i(01 60 91-
... Do 4a ... ..... ,89V4 S9«
3.000!U»S C&rt Iron P 35% 30% 37% 37%
\u25a0 Do p f d.. 05V4 55%
U S Express \u25a0......*. 118 120-
U 6 Leather \u0084 12% 13 .
........ Do pfd 110 1112%
\u0084,..., v s p. tRC0; .;... ...:. 2svil 30
\u25a0'\u25a0-.-. . . . \u25a0 '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, 'OCTOBER .13; -1905.
-.1 Do pfd Cs%| 66
3.600 U S Rubber ... 52 50%| 51%\ 52
500 Do pfd 111% 110% 111 111%
69,800 U S Steel Cor .. 37% 37 37% 37%
18,000 Do pfd 104% 103% 104 104%
300 Va-Car Chem Co 31% 31% 31}; 31%
30C Do pfd .. 106^ 106% 100% 106%
700Wabash 21»4 20% 21 21%
1.50 C' Do pfd 41% 41 41 41%
Do deb Bs 72^ 73
Wells Fargo Ex 230 245
9,000 Western Union.. »3V4 92% 03 93%
Westinghouee 1«7% 169%.
Do Ist pfd .:. 187% 2CO
100W&LE 17 17 17 18
Do let pfd 40 42
... Do 2d pfd ... .:... ..... 25 20
, 2.600 Wisconsin Cen.. 32 30% 31% 31%
3,000 Do pfd ...... 62Vi 60% 62% 62%
678,300— T0Ul shares sold.
Xo« York Uond*.
U S rrf 2s" reg. .103%; Japan 6a, cert.... 93%
Do coupon 10'J % Japan 6s. 2d ser. 98 %
Do 3s reg JOJ% Japan 4%5. cert.. 90%
Do coupon lOiVii Japan 4%5, 2d ser 9\)%
Do new 4s reg. 134 fe, L & N unified 4s. 105
Do coupon 134% | Man con gold 45.101%
Do old 4« reg. 101% | Mcx Central 45... SlV* i
Do coupon 104%: Do Ist lnc 24%
Amer Tob 4s 77 I Minn & St L 4?. 97
Do. 6s 113 jM. X & Texas 45.101 %
Atch gen 4« 1C2%( Do 2ds 874
Do adj 4s »»V4|NR-of Mcx con 4s Bi%
Atlantic C L 45.101% N V C gen 3%5. . 9U% |
Bait & Ohio 45. 103 ;N , J C gen 5s W4% i
Do 3%s ...".... 95%j Nor Pacific 48....10 r .% j
Central of Ga 55.115ui Do 3s . . .• 78 j
Do Ist mc 96%' Nor «t W con 45.101% j
Do 2d mc SI IO S L refdp; 45... 97
Ches& Ohio 4%5.1C8% ; Pa cony 3%5....101%
Chi& Alton 3%5. 82 | Reading gen 45... 102%
C. B & Q new 45.101%| S L & I M con 58.115%
C, R I & Pac 4s. S!%| S L & S F fg 4s. fc9%
Do col 6s 93% St L S W con 4s. 83%
! C.CC & SLgn 45.10«%| Seaboard A L 4s. 89%
Chi Term 4a 09 So Pacific 4s .-. . . 89%
: Colo Midland 4s. 75 Do Ist 4s, cert. 95%
I Colo & So 45... 93% So Railway Ss 121
I Colo Ind Es, sr. A 73 - Tex & Pac 15t5.125
Do ss. ser 8.. 71% Up on Pacific 45. 105%
Cuba ss, •cert...lCs%j Do'conv -is 13t%
Den & Rio G 45.101 I U S Steel 2d ss. 95%
Diat Securities 5s SO I Wabash ists 119
Erie prior lien 45.102 | Do deb B 71%
Do gen 4s i>4%{ Western Md 45.. 57%
F W & D C Ists. 113 Vi! W & L Erie 45.. 91
Hock Val 4%5...112Vi| V.'is Central 45.. 96
.\en York Mlul:t£ Stocks.
Adams Con 25' Little Chief 05
Alice 52 Ontario CO
' Breece ' 45] Ophir 500
Bruns Con 30] Phoenix <'2
Com Tunnel * 081 Potosl. 11
Con V a Mm Co. 125 Savage : 40
Horn Silver 1 70 Sierra Nevada 23
Iron Silver 3 10! Small Hores \u25a0 30
Leadville Con ... 03| Standard 175
Bontoii Mocks and Bonds.
Money— | U S Steel 37 Vi
Call loans 5<36 Do pfd 103%
Time loans s@Hl V.'estlng Common. 83
Bonds — • I Mining—
Atchison 4s 102>4 ; Adventuxe S%
Do cHJ 4s 98 jAllouez".- 41V4
Mcx Central 4s. 80 Amal Copper 84
Railroads— Amer Zinc ..:... 0%
Atchison 57% 1 Atlantic 27
Do pfd 103V4i Bingham 3(SVi
Boston & Albany/257 I Calumet & Hecla.C64
Boston & Maine,l7B%| Centennial 27%
Boston Elev 152%! Copper Range ... 71%
Fitchburg pfd ..142 Daly West 14
Mcx Central 24%|Dom Coal 77
N Y. N H & H. 2o6% [Franklin 17%
Pere Marquette. .101 , Granby 7%
Union Pacific ...131%|Isle Royale 24
Miscellaneous — | Mass Mining ... 9%
Amer Arge Chem 22 Vi, Michigan 14%
Do pfd 92%' Mohawk 57%
Amer Pneu Tube 6 | Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Amer Sugar l"9Vi! Old Dominion ... 27%.
Do pfd 139 jOsceola 107
Amer Tel & Te1.133% Parrot 26Vi
Amer Woolen ... 30 Quincy 104
Do pfd 101 V* Shannon 8
Dom Iron & S.. 22%, Tamarack ..125
Ed EUct 11ium. 249 I Trinity 8%
Gen Electric ...178 | United Copper ... 83%
Mass Electric ..14 US Mining 36H
Do pfd 56 US Oil 10%
Mass Gas 50V« Utah 4«%
United Fruit ...106% Victoria 7
Un Shoe Mach. .. 78 Winona 10V4
t>o pfd 31% Wolverine 119
THE COPPER MARKET.
BOSTON. Oct. 12.— The warning which Mr.
Vanderhp gave yesterday seems to have b«en
generally observed and trading to-day was
generally restricted all through the list.
There is no great pressure to sell, but on
the .other hand .buyers are • cautious not to
extend themsUves until money gets easier.
The buying of Greene was very good toward
•the close, one houee taking several * thousand
pharos, with New York appearing as a seller.
The feeling is still bullish on Allouez and the
stock is scarce. North Butt« is being steadily
liquidated, selling coming: first, from one house
and then from another.
[ London' Cloning Stocks.
I Cons money SS 9-16, N V Central 153%
Do for acct . . . . 88%jNor & Western.. 87%
Anaconda .. . O-^i Do pfd 95
Atehigon 90Vi!Ont & Western.. 54%
Do pfd 107 %j Pennsylvania 73%
Bait & Ohio US 1 *! Rand. Mines . BY*
Can Pacific 174% | Reading 62%
Ones & Ohio 53%| Do let pfd 47%
Chi Great West. 21 %| Do 2d pfd 49 %
Chi, Mil & St P.184%!50 Railway 36%
De Beers 17%| Do pfd 102%
Den & Rio G. . . 34%j So Pacific 70%
Do pM 9)%; Union Pacific ...125%
Erie 49%' Do pfd JJ9
Do Ist pfd *3V4|U s Steel 38%
Do 2d pfd 74%! Do pfd ...106%
111 Central 184% Wabash Tl
I»uis & Nash 155% Do pfd 43
M, X & Texas... 32?41 Spanish 4s ... 9J%
Bar silver — Firm; 28% d per ounce.
Money — 2%<&3 per cent.
.The rate of discount In the open market
for short bills is 3% per cent and for thr*
months' bills 3% per cent.
(until! ion of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances show:
Available cash balance, $131,703,797; gold
coin and bullion, |72, 104,20*; gold certificates.
\ew York Col ton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. Vi. —COTTON— The de
cline in the market is partially attributed to a
cablegram received from Liverpool by ' Theo
dore Price &. Co., reporting an Important fail
ure in Calcutta, " indicating instability in the
Indian trade.
The Liverpool market was unaffected, pre
sumably because the news was near the close.
Trading was very active and. the bears are
very aKgrest;lve in their spot sales* claiming
that frosts have done no harm, and, If any
thing, have ben of benefit.
There were-, many disguised bulls who sold
out their holdings. A local firm was out with
an estimate of the crop, placing It at 11,600,-:
000 bales minimum. This also helped along
the decline. Tlie cry now seems to be that we
have a large surplus crop over from last year.
Futures opened steady. October, 'J.tiTc; No
vember, 8.72 c; December, O.SSc; January
H.Ofcc;- February, 10.C2c; March, 10.12 c; April
lO.lGc bid; May 10.20 c; June, 10.22 c bid- July
10.20 c bid. . ' ,
Futures closed steady. " October, 0.54 c; No
vember, V.tSGe; December, 9. 7oc;" January, 9.B»Jc;
February. a.o3c; March, 10.01 c; April, 10.05 c'
May, 10.10 c.
' Spot closed quiet, 15 points lower. Middling
Uplarids, 10.10 c; Middling Gulf, 10.35 c. Sales.
68,225 bales.
Xciv York Grain and Produce. "• -
NEW YORK.' Oct. 12— FLOUR— Receipts
2C,l(;0; exports, \u25a0 15.4W0 barrels. Steady, with
• fair Jnculry. • ' "
WHEAT— Receipts. 45.000. Spot steady; No
2 red, WVsc elevator and Cl%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 93% c f. o. b . afloat;
No. 1 Northern Manitoba, H.rVic I. o. b. afloat.
Opening steady. "Wheat sold . off under disap
pointing cables to rally later on bull support,
good cash detsand. export rumora and cover
ing. ' In the last hour it was easier again
thpjugh realizing: • and closed y t c net lower.
December ftlfSVl'/fce: closed. i)l%c; May. 90Ti«|i
Ql%e; closed. 00 18-16 C.
HOPS — Finn. *
HIDES— Firm. 3^Sp!bB«Bb
- WOOL— Firm. . \u25a0
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair, refining. 3®3 1-lGc;
centrifup-al, «« t<«t, ll%<<fe 11-ltic; molasses
sugar, 2"!i@2 13-16 c; refined, quiet.
COFFEE^ — Spot Rio, Quiet; mild, quiet; Cor
dova lC@l3c. Tlie market for coffee futures
closed barely steady; net five- points higher
to • five points lower. Sales - were . reported of .
25,, 250 bags, including: November, 7.10 c; De
cember, 7.10 c; January,* 7.23 c,; -March, -7.40®
7 45c; May, 7.55e; July 7.70 c.
BUTTER — Easy. Street ' price, . . extra
creamery, 21&G21->£c: official prices, . creamerj'.
common to extra, 10^2@21c; Western imlta- 1
tlon creamery extras, 18V4©l»c; do firsts, 17@
18c. \u25a0 ..-,\u25a0\u25a0•.\u25a0 •\u0084: ,-,,\,-,-,, : j
CHEESE — Unchanged. -
EGGS — Unchanged. .
DRIEp FRUITS. . '
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is un-
Changed. Prime fruit for December delU'ery
la quoted at 7%p. Common to good are quoted
at s®7c on Bpot and prime at.7v«c. /. :.- i
PRUNES — Are quiet with quotations rang
ing from IV3C to 7%c, according to grade.
APRlCOTS— Continue firm in tone with
choice quoted at B%©oc, extra choice, at
9W 0094c and fancy at lOSll^c.
PEACHES — Are quiet and in very light sup
ply on eyot, the market ; being quoted nominal
In absence of important, ttansactlons. . ,
RAISINS — Are attracting attention and rule
firm. Loose muecatclß are quoted at G%@7!aC, .
seeded r«ii?ln»" at S\i<tis%c and - London layers
at $1 15(g$l 20.
BTew York Metal Market. . j
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— The London tin mar-<j
ket reported ' a further- moderate i gain. - with
•spot : closing at"" £147 '5s . and futures at;.£l4ti
lob. Locally the market was steady, .-.rwlth
spot quoted at $^2 12}6&32 37 ft. :..--- ,
Copper was a shade easier in i-ondan, closing
at £71 ,7s 6d ior spot and £70^23 Cd for
futures. Locally the • market 'was nomijially
unchanged. Lake' is quoted at $lt> o'/Va©!*' 75,
electrolytic at *1U 37^i@l« 02Vi and castUig at
$16 12&@1C 37%. \u25a0 ' .' (
Lead- was firm" at $4 85@4 95 in the. local
market. The London market was a . shade
higher at" £14 15s. \u0084 ' . ' , ' -
Speiter was unchanged at £28 in Londdn and
at $tf@ti 10 locally. > \u25a0 . /
Iron closed at 50s 8d :for standard foundry
and at 53s for Cleveland warrants. '\u25a0 locally
the market wag firm, with No. 1 iotandrys"
northern, quoted at $17 "aiglS^; No. iriSie'Un
dry. northern. $17"25@17 75; No. 1 foundry,
southern $10 75@17 75; No. 2 foundry,
em. $16 50017 25. . •\u25a0 \u25a0 \u0084 ? .
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRAI3B.
\ Future Grain and' Provinlo as. '
CHICAGO, Oct. 12.— The "wheat • market
opened easy, with . the December op; 3uyi un
changed to &c lower at BtH4@Sti%c. . Almost
the sole factor of bearish tenor was rtHe .ab
sence of rain in the Northwest. Wit;» fcright
skies in that section the movement' dt the
new crop, which, on account of wet ;nreuthei.
had fallen on! considerably, is expocttd to
again assume large proportions. An advance
in the price of wheat at Liverpool hafi ap
parently little effect on the market here early
in the session. Rumors of drought In Aus
tralia were said to have caused the . strength
in the English market. Pit traders we re quite
free sellers here throughout the enti re day.
During the first hour a prominent con tmlssion
house' made offerings on a decidedijf .lower
scale. Under the combined pressure tlie price*
of December declined to Ss|s,c. On tioverlna
by shorts, however, the market later regained
temporarily all of the loss. : The action :qi
shorts was largely the result of advices tellinij
of active demand for cash wheat, both Vortji
west and Southwest. The foreign situation,
too. seemed to attract considerable attiintlon
at this stage of the trading. The rally cur
ried the price of December up to 88%@:{6!»;ic.
Prices however. Boon reacted again, the -ctoBL
being easy, with December at 8(5@86%c, a. losa
of Vi©%e. • -
Sentiment in the corn pit was bearish,
mainly as a result of dry. frosty weat her
throughout the Middle West. The market
closed .fairly steady, December V&c lower at
44% c. v ' -• . - .
Oats held comparatively ' firm. December
closed unchanged at 2S-?i«J2B?iie..
Provisions were firm. In sympathy wij.h ;a
5c advance in the price of live. hogs. T'ta Cinsr
was quite active. At the close January , pork
was unchanged at ?12 47^4: lard was up ,a
shade and ribs were unchanged.
The- leading futures ranged as follows:'
Articles — Open. High. \u25a0- Low. -Close.
\Vhrat No. 2—2 — . ' • ' J '
December S«% 80% B.V& ' 86%
May S'VJ 87% 87 i 87Vi
Corn No. 2—
October W4 52% 52& \ 52%
Dec (old) 46«, 4«^ 45% -45%
Dec! (new) 45H 45^ 44% 44%
May 44% 44% .44 - 44%
Oats No. 2— .
October 28%
December 2» 2»^, 28% .» 28ft
May 31% 31V4 30% ! ,31'
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October 15 «•> 15 75 15 60 15 fis
January .M 2 50 12 .60 12 57^ 12 47 Vi
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October 7 20 7 22% 7 17% ;.7 22%
November 7 22% * 27% 7 22% . 7 27%
January 0 R7% 600 6 87% 680
Short Ribs, per 100 lb?— .
October B£s f «5 . 8 *2%. 8 85
January <! 52% « 52% C5O , 050
Cnnh Grnln and Provlnlonrt.
CHICAGO, Oct. 12. — Cash quotatln is were
as follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat."
85%<SS8Vic; No. 3. 82g~S6c; 2 rei . 85%®
86% c; No. 2 corn, 54@54%c: No. 2 yellow, '52%
Sisi!9ic; No. 2 oats, 28% c: No. 2whitJ3, 29%@
30Vic; No. 3 white, 2sVi@2B&c; Noi 2 rye,
60%©70 c; good feeding- barley. 35@300; fair;to
choice malting. 4(kS4sc: No. 1 flax- sired, 96c;
No. 1 Northwestern. $1 03: prime tltndthy seed,
$3 05: mess pork, per bbl, $15 60@15;65; lard,
per 100 lbe, $7 25: stiort-rlbs sltjea (loose).
$8 80<08S5; short clear sides (boxec'D. $7 S7%@
8; whisky, basis of high wines. $1 ZO.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30,800 25.300
Wheat, bushels 47.C00 ; 19.400
Corn, bushels '..145.100 117,600
Oats, bushels.... 313.300 256,3iH>
Ryt-. bushels • 13.000 1.000
Barley, bushels 123.51)0 20.500
Butter, Cbeene and Egem.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12. — On t"he' Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm:
creameries, 17%(g20%c; dairies, 16%©19 c.
Eggs, steady at mark, cases included.^l7%c.
Cheese, firm, ll@ll%c. ' \
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Cbicaso.
CHICAGO, Oct.- 12.— CATHLE — Receipts. 10.-,
000; strong to 10c :higher: boeves. •$.". 65@6 35:
cows and heifers,, $1 25@4 60; stackers and
feeders $2-20#4 15j-Texans..s2 30<g!4 50; West
erns. $3 25@4 75. • > \u25a0
HOGS— Receipts, -21,000: market 5c higher;
mixed" and butchers, $5 o&@s 70: good heavy,
$5 850-5 70; rough heavy. , $4 80®5 15; light. 1
$.Vlo@s 00; pigs. $4 80@5 35; bulk of sales.'
$5 20«t5 55. -•\u25a0\u25a0•, '
' SHEEP — Receipts, 30.000: market ptrongs
sheep, $4@5 15; Jambs. $4 75@-7 S5.
KniiKiiN" City.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 12. — CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 10,000; market steady to 10c higher:
native steers, $4 25® 6 10; native cows and
heifers, $1 05©4 75- stockera and feeders, i,V. 50
G?4 25; bulls. ?2@3; calves. $2 50@-6 25: Wfcst
ern steers $2 75@4 60; Western cows. $2jT3? 25.
HOGS — Receipts. 10.000; strong to 5c hi«"her;:
bulk of sale*, ?5 10®5 20; heavy. ?5 15@?. -20;
packers. ?5 10(55 22%; pigs and light, $5@
SHEEP— Receipts 8000; market sfiloc high
er; muttons. $4 25<fr5 25; lambs. $5 5(^7 25;
range wethers $4 50® 5 25; stockers and feed
ers, $4@4 65. .
Oninhn.
OMAHA. Oct. 12.—^CATTLE— Receipts, fIOO,
market stronit. 10c higher; native steers, $3 75
@r. 85; cows and heifers, 52 80@4 20; Western
steers ?3@4 85; Texas steers, $2 75@4; cows
and heifers. $11?3 55; cannern. $1 50@2 30;
stockers and feeders. ?2 50®4 15; calves. $2 50
@5 25; bulls and stags, $2@3 05.
HOGS— Receipts, 550O; strong; 5c higher;
henvy $4 95® 5 20; mixed, $5@5 15; light,.
?5 15iff5 30; pigs, $4 50<g5; bulk of sales,
$4 05115 20. ; '
SHEEP— Receipts. 15.(X)0: market s@loc
higher- Westerns $5 15@5 60; wethers. $4 75@ '
5 10- ewes $4 25®5; lambs. $4 75&7 10.
MISCELLANEOUS .MARKETS.
Foreleru Future*.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ' D*»c March.
Opening ..6 11 6 9"/s
Closing 0 10% <»%
Wheat— ' • Oct - Jan.^Apr.
Opening 22 SO 2:» «5
Closing • 2.JIK) 2.< tS
Op^i?ing~ .'!0 35 31 10
Closing - ..\u25a0\u25a0......\u25a0 30 35 3125
St. Louis Wool Market. -
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 12.— WOOL-lsteady.
Medium grades, combing and clothing, 2G@
SOV>c; llfiht flno. 21@26c; heavy fine, 18®22c;
tub" washed, 32ig42c.
Northern Wlient Market. .
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 12.— WHEAT— Club. 71c;
bluestem. 74c; valley, 71©74 c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 12. — WHEAT— Unchanged at
yesterday's advance. Bluestem, 76c; club, 72c;
red, €Be. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' .
Nortliern Husinews. : / *
SEATTLE. Oct. 12.— Clearings, $1^429,924;
balances, $347,027.
TACOMA.- Oct. 12.— Clearings, $f1rT8,533; bal
ancee, ?99,004.
PORTLAND, Oct. 12.— Clearings, $1437,424 ;
balances, ?'J7,OCS. .-
SPOKANE. Oct. 12.— Clearings, $657,268;
balance*. $52,250. t
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchmipre and Bullion.
The Korea took ou* a treasure li 6t r of $440.
704, conelsting of $212,000 lrj silver bullion,
$2004 in Mexican dollars, $400 in Mexican cur
rency and $500 in gold coin for Hongkong and
$°25 800 In silver bullion for Kobe. "
. , . : LOCAL. /
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — '@4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight .;..... — ©4 86
Sterling Exchange, cables ....'..— @4 87 '
New York Exchange, sight .... — @ 03
New York Exchange, telegraphic — @ 05 ,
Silver, per 0unce....'....;.. 61%® — •
Mexican . Dollars, nominal — . ® 47^-
INTERNATIONAL. . .
New York on Pari5. .. . . . .' '. . ... .'. .5.17%
N*w York on Mexico •••\u25a0......... ..202 -
Paris on London 25.17%'
Berlin on London .;......:. .20.45%
Wlieat and Other Grain*.
WHEAT— There I was very little • change in
the Eastern and foreign markets, though Chi
cago was fractionally lower. In this market
the cash Wheat was held' with firmness, while
futures declined' on bpth sessions, . closing weak.
CASH WHEAT, .r
• California Club, '$1 4031 45; California
White Australian, $1 5001 -55; lower grades'- of
California Wheat. $1 15@1 30;. Northern Club,
Bpot, Jl 40@l 42%; Norihern Bluestem.sl 45®
1 47V>: Northern Red. $1 32%®1 35 per ctl..- :
-\u25a0 ..;-\u25a0;'.'\u25a0: .'-..- FUTURES. c * •-
Session 9 ' to , 11 :30 a. m. •
\u25a0 Open. '- High. ..Low. Close.,
December. ...$1 39% $1 30% $1.38% $1 38%
— .. 2. p. m. Session.. \/ : \.
.' ' Open.. 'High. Lowl ' Close. )
! December ...$1 35% $1 38% $1 37% .$1 37%'
May— sl 41 % asked. . : >
BARLEY — There r, was nothing . new ' In- cash
grain • j'esterday, ' previous prices ruling, \u25a0! with
fair trading. j| Futures were quiet and without '
feature \u25a0in the > forenoon. : but - declined l%c in
; the afternoon. \u25a0 •
\fi ; I - CASH : BARLEY. ,' '
Feed, $1 05@l 07% ior common and. $1 08»i@
1 12% for. good to chcoce; new. Brewing, $1 13%
@1 15; .Chevalier, ;$Vl2%@l 20 per ctl.
• . . ;. FUTURES.^
j. Session 9 jto^»rfl3o a, va.
/ Operv^THigh. *Low^ Close,
rjecember ...sy«% *LI2V4 $112% Jl 12%
May. wiri3Vi 113% ~1 13% 1 13%
'SeUer .yr-ytto. 1 \\}k ; 1 11% * \ 1 11% 1 11%
. "y^ :.2p. m. Session.
yr \ Open. High. Low. Close.
December . .-.51.11% *$1 11?/, I $1 11% 3$L 11%
'May— %\ 12% bid, $1 13 aV*ed.
Seller -yr,«w- 1-10% \u25a0 1-10/^ 110% -110%-!
OATS — Previous .quotations rule, with a
quiet and fcteafiily held irfarket. Offerings are
sufficient for the demand.
Red. $1 35©1:50 for cSoice,«!sl 25©1 32% for
fair to good pnd $1 y.@l 22% for : common; i
Black, .sl-50@t 75 for- /good tothoice for teed
and down to $1 25 fq/-. ordinary- feed; White,
$1 35<ffl 47%; ;Grays, /nominal. l \u25a0,
CORN — The quotations continue more. or l«ss
nominal lnthe abseu'ee of spot supplies. : Buy- .
ers and sellers allk/> are. holding off for.* re
sumption \u25a0of taii)or».atlons from .the -West, om
the California . pr/^luct no longer cut« . any
figure on this - 1 market. -
Western -Facke/i, \ j1:.40@l 50 for ~Yellow,
$1 35@1 40 fbr V/hite rand -$l-40@Lf45 for
Mixed; Califorr/ia large --Yellow. -,nomlnal;
small round do,* $1 60@l 65: White, nominal;
Egyptian. $1) 40/^1 50 1 for White and: $1 35®
1 10 for Brown.
RYE— 51,42%.©L52% .-per-t:tl. The insida
quotation is,' f/^r "Eastern.
BUCKWKE/AT— $1 75®2 25 3 per \u25a0, ctl.
Flour ,'aml Farlnaveona Goods. . -
FLOUR- HiCalifornia Family Extras. '\u25a0'\u25a0: $4 803
5 10. usuf/) terms; Bakers" Extras. $4 70@3;
Oregon arid Washington, i jobbing |at - $4@4. 50
per bbl. /\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 j \u25a0
FAKIN/A.CEOUS GOODS— Prices in packages
are. as follows: Graham- Flour.-: $3 25. per 100
lbs; Ry^ Flour, $3 75; Rye Meal, : $3 50;-Ric«;
Flour, $S; Corn .Meal, . $2 75;-extra Cream do, '
$3 75; Oat Meal," $4' 50® 4 . 75; Oat Groats, $4 75;
Homirfy, $-'i is©4; -Buckwheat Flour, -J4o«Mf
4 75; , Cracked Wheat, $3 76; Farina, ;*4 50;
Whole Wheat- Flour. $3 50:- Rolled Oats,: bbls,
$7@B£ . in sacks, $G 50@7 50;.' Pearl ' Barley, $6:
£plf£ Peas, boxes. $5 50 1 Green Peae, $5 50 pei;
ICO.lbs. ' •
\u25a0 Hay i and Feedstuff".
There lls »no further change In t Feedstuff 3,
Tho Hay market also remains as before stated,
choice. .'grades; being; in demand and extremely
scarce.- - r'Not |a E single car of choice \u25a0 came In
yesterday.
• BRAN— $23@24- per ton. /
MIDDLINGS— ? 26 50®29 50 per ton. "
SHORTS— 523(g24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $23 50<524 10;
Cocoanut Cake at mm, :$2050; Jobbing.
$21; j Cocoanut Meal at •mill. : $20 50; •Jobbing.
521; Corn Meal, $30@.'» 50; Cracked Corn,
$30 50031;.". Mixed • Fted, $2;:©21; Horse
Beans. $BO@4O per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c
per ctl; Calf alf a Meal, \u25a0carload lots.: $21; Job
bing, $22 50 per -ton; M£alfalfa. $IS-In car lots
and $20 for '\u25a0. smaller quantities. .^
, HAY — Wheat,^sll st|@ia 50; Wheat and Oat,
Jll<gls 50; Oat.- s»@l3 50; Barley and Oat.:sBi»
12; Barley, $8@11 ; ..Voltanteer Wild Oat,. *7@11;
stable. :$6@S: stock. -V»@7; Alfalfa. $6 5(J®O 50
per tpn. - ' • .
STRAW— 3O@SOc n;r bale. .
. . . Dean*; and; Seeds.
Receipts of Beans', were 14,817 sacks. ' making
54,224 thus 'far- this week. The market con
tlnuts unsettled, v ith quotations still fluctua
ting up and dow»,. Large and email Whites
are slightly loweo. while Blackeye are slightly
higher. Choice pacleaned Pinks will bring the
top quotation. '
BEANS-Bayon, ;$2 75@3; :• Pea. :$3 25^
3 50; Butter, $3. 60; small White, $3 10@3 25;
large White' :s2@2 35; i Pink '$2®2 2i>:
Red. $3 Ssiy4- Lima", I here. ,$3 25©.J 40; .Red
Kidneys, $3.3f@3 75; Blackcyes, *4 20@4 30 per
ctl; Horse Bf.ane, :$1 60.
SEEDS — lif-own Miutard, $4 5Q®4 75;. Ye110w,
Mustard. $? 50@3 75;' Flaxseed, nominal; Ca
nary. 6%@#%c; Alfalfa. 12c: Rape, 3c; Timo
thy, 5%c; /.iemp,-3%c per ib; Millet, 2%®3%c;
Broom • Co/ n : Seed, ; $20(521 per ton.. .
DRIED- PEAS— Nlles. $1 75®2 25; Green
Peas, $2fc2 25.
Potatoes, Onions anil Vegetable*.
The < Potato 'market remained 'firm for ! fine
SalinaM Burbanks, while river goods continued
dull, .'A'ith stocks steadily, accumulating.' Three
carloads of the: Salinas article were received,
but,' as the market; had. previously been bare,
the, stock met -with ; prompt sale at firmer
prir-es. Onions were In "moderate -receipt ..and
fton, with a good speculative . demand.
/Miscellaneous vegetables were generally
plentiful and .most description -stood as pre
viously quoted. Lima ;• Beans were suddenly
, -scarce and higher. The canners reduced their
bid for Marrowfat Squash from $7 50 to J6 50
per ton.
POTATOES — River Whites. :4C@6sc per ctl;
Salinas Burbanks, '90c® $1 25 per ctl; .: Sweet
Potatoes, isl£/)@l- CO -per ctl
ONIONS— Y«Uow. 7COSOc per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3@4c - per lb;
String and Wax Beans, 2@3%c per lb;
Lima Beans. 4@4%c .per lb; Tomatoes,
30@50c per box; Summer Squash, ' 7oc@sl
per box; Cucumbers 35<g50c per:. box; Cabbage
60c per ctl; Carrots, 50® 60c per sack; Garlic.
o%@6c per lb; Ef" Plant. 40<g60c per box;
'Green Peppers. 40® 60c per -box; Green Okra,
40@f>5c per box; Green Corn, nominal: Mar
rowfat "Squash, -$6 50®10 per 'ton; Hubbard
Squash, $10 per ton. .
Poultry and Gnme.
There- were continued heavy arrivals of
Poultry from -domestic shipping points, but the
maiket readily absorbed the receipts and steady
prioes ruled for everything -except live Tur
keys, which were in Increased supply and
easier. A case of choice dressed Turkeys from
Oregon sold at 25c per pound. The s«ason;for
Wild Ducks -opens on the 15th of the current
month. .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 20®22c per lb for
old and 22@25c for young; Geese, per pa! r, $J;
Goslings, $2 25® 2 50: Ducks, $4 50@5 50 per
dozen for. old and $4tfi(i for. young: -Hens, $4@'
450 for small and $o^7 for large; young
Roosters. $5® 5 50; old Roosters, $4 SOS'S:
Fryers, $3 50@4; Broilers, $3©3 50; Pigeons.
$1 25® I 60; Squabs. $2®2 25.
GAME— Hare, $1 50®l 75 per dozen; Cot
tontail ' Rabbits, $2 per dozen; Brush Rabbits.
$1 50 ; per dozen; Gray Geese. :$3 50Q4 per.
'dozen. '. ' . *
Butter, ClteeNe and Krc«.
The Butter market continued bare yesterday
and stiff prices ruled in consequence. Some
houses were disposed to. get over ihe ' quota
tions, and did, while others, pursuing a more
conservative course, made no further advance.
The feeling was very strong, however.
Cheeee continues very firm.' • Young Amer- :
leas arc higher, being In demand and scarce,
while flats are also well cleaned up : and strong.
The feeling in Eggs was also buoyant, stocks
of ranch bfing light and the demand good.
.while receipts continued to decrease.
This is a fine market for those houses -who
want to work off their Eastern and cold-stor
age" Butter and Eggs at a profit, and .they are
taking advantage of It.
Receipts * were 44,200 lbs Butter CB3 cases
Eggg and 5«,.%00 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 30c for \
extras and 27%®2f1c for lower and medium j
grades: dairy, 27®28c; cold storage, 22g2ic, !
latUr figure for. extra creamery; store Butter.
21c: F.a»tern, 24524% c oir Ib.
CHEESE— Choice, 12% c; fair to good, 11@
12c; Young Americas. 13(3'13%c; Eastern. 15@
16c per . lb. \u25a0 \
EGGS— Ranch. 39@10c for large white, 33®
ifmc for fair to good and 27%032%c for the
lower grades; cold storage. 2ti(?2Sc: store Eggs,
nominal; Eastern firsts, 23©215 c; seconds, 20@>
22c per dozem :
Deciduous und^Cltruft Fruits.
Choice table Grapes . suitably packed -for
shipment were in urgent, demand for export
on the steamer -leaving for Puget Sound ports
and there waa a general advance In prices of
crated stock. The market was bare of the
Seedlees variety, which has about had its run.
Large boxes were In good supply, but gener
ally steady. All kinds of Wine Grapes moved
off well at the old quotations. The market
was still badly congested with Apples, and
all grades remained weak. at Irregular prices.-
The other orchard fruits were firm, particu
larly Figs and fancy Peaches In carriers. -
There waa a marked falling off In the receipts
.of Nutmeg Melons and Cantaloupes, and choice
lots of both readily commanded higher prices.
Berries, too, were in lighter receipt and firmer.
In the. 1 Citrus market Oranges and Grape Fruit
were I very firm, with the Seedless variety of
the latter selling 'at $3 50 per box. Lemons
and Limes were easy, with stocks liberal.
STRAWBERRIES — Per chest— Longwortbs.
$5@7- large varieties, $3 50@4 50; Santa Clara
Berries, $5@7. -.
RASPBERRIES— Per chest, -$5@7.
BLACKBERRIES— Per chest, $4.
HUCKI.ERERRIES— tiigSc per lb.
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod. $U@lo 50 per
bbl- Oregon. ,$3®S 25 per, box.
APPLES — Ssc@sl per box for fancy and 4C@
75c for common to chqlce. - - . _
\u25a0 PEACHES— SmaII boxes, 75c@$l ; carriers.
90c«r$i 25. • -; • '\u25a0
PEARS— Bartlett, $2<g2 50 per 'box; Win
ter Nellls, $101.25 \u25a0 per box; other varieties,
40(g75c per box. ' .
PLUMS AND PRUNES — Plumy 60©75 c P*?
box : Prunes.', $1 50 per crate.
POMEGRANATES— SO@7Sc for smalland $1
®>1 25 for large boxes. ' *\u25a0-'.' \u25a0
FIG S — Small boxes, 50@75c; large boxes,
$I©l 25. ->-. : \u25a0" - : \u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0 ... :
QUINCES— 6O@7Sc ! per box. • *, .
r MELONS-^-Cantaloupes, $I®2 50 per crate;
Nutmeg -Melons 50c©$l per box; Watermelons,
$1'75@3 50 p«r dozen.: •
GRAPES — SmaH packages— Seedless, nom
inal; Muscat, &o@Ssc; Black, $35®C5c: Tokhy.
50@00c; Sweetwater. s 40®-60c; . Isabella, \u25a0 $1Q»
150- Cornlchon. 75c@$l. Large ' boxta —
Black, 75c@$l; Tokay, 75c@$l 25; Muscat.
$I@l 50: Cornlchon. $I©l 25; Wine Grapes.
Zlnf andel." $24@28 per ton : Mission, $IS$?22 per
ton: colored, $15@20 per ton.
CITRUS AND TROPICAL FRUlTS—Or
anges, ' Valencias,'; - $2®4 50 per - box; Lemons,
$I®3 50: , Grape ; Fruit. :$2 50@3 50: Mexican
LJmes, $4@4 50 rer case: Bananas, Hawal an,
$I®2 per \u25a0 bunch;; Central American, nominal;
Pineapples, $2@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nutu, Ralslps ; and '_ Honey.
i i French | cables I report the Bordeaux market
for Walnuts excited and. higher and -the New I
f York market la : stronger In sympathy. \u25a0 ; />- j % j
There is nothing new in the local market.
FRUITS — Apricots 7 *i®lCc for Royals and
8%@12c for Moorparks; Peaches. 8c for stand
ards. S^c for choice. 9c for extra choice and
&%@loc for fancy Pears. 7*i©l2Hc; Nectar
ines. 7^®S%c for white and 7&@7%c for Red:
Plums, pitted. 6®7c for Black. 7@Bc for Red
and -7®9c for Tellow;i, Silver Prunes, 7©SV4c;
Evaporated Apples. 7@B%c: sun-dried. p*r
lb- Figs, boxes. -50c > for choice; 55c for txtra
choice and 60@65c for fancy: bulk white, 2%©
4c per lb; black. 2%©3 c.
« PRUNES— OId crop. 3®3'/ic per lb basis for
the four sizes and 3%®3%c basis for the large
sizes New crop Prunes, 3H@4c basis for the
four sites (GO-100) and 4®4»4c basis for the
large and small sizes. -
RAISINS — Loose, 4 -crown. 6%c per lb. 3
~ crown. 6c: 2-crown, sfcc Seeded Raisins-^-
Fancy." 16 ounces. SVic; fancy, 12 ounces, 6%c;
choice, itt. ounces. 8c; .choice. 12 ounces, Q%c;
Imperial Clusters.' $3 per 20-lb box; Dehesaa.
$2 50; fancy. I 52: ' 3-crown | London ! Layers.
(1 50; 2-crown. -$1 40; seedless standard loose
Muscatele, : 4V4c;- same -floated. -4*ic: 'seedless
Sultanas, s@Jc; Thompsons, -«^c: bulk fancy.
©©lOMsc: bulk choice. 8c; -standard, .c.
•- NUTS— Almonda : Nonpareils. H*4©l3c: I X
L. 13@13Vic: Ne Plus Ultra. 12H013c: Drakes.
ll%c and .Languedoc.lO%©llc;- New Walnuts.
No. 1-softshell. 13c; No. 2. 9c: No. 1 hardshell.
J2%c: No. 2.:8% - Peanuts. 6@~c for Eastern;
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuta. : *4 50®5; Chest
nuts, 10@12Hc per lb. \u25a0
HONEY— Comb, lCKffllc for white and 7©9 c
for s amber; : - water white extracted. 6c; -white,
4X©s%c:- amber. ; 4®4^c: -dark. .-.Ha
waiian, i 2®2^a" for extracted.
\u25a0 BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
•" Provisions.
The majority of ; houses continue to quota th»
mr.rketidull, with supplies of everything ampl«
and quotations . unchanged.
CURED: MEATS— Bacon. 12Hc per lb for
heavy, 12% c ' for \u25a0• light : medium, 13^®14c for
light,- 14®14^ic for extra light- and 16^®17c
for sugar-cured; dry Salt Sides. 10H@llc; Bel
lies. . 12c; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13 V>9
13% c: California Hams. 12fcc; Me«s Beef. O 50
per bbl;. extra -Mess, $10; Family.- $11; prime
Mess Pork, »14; extra - clear. $19 50: " Mesa.
117 B0; Pig Pork. ?22; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD— Tiercee quoted :at <W4 c per lb: for
California Compound, 7@7V4c : for Eastern com
pound and - 10c for pure: half barrels, pure.
10% c: 10-lb tins, 10%c;.5-lb tins, 10% c; 3-lb
tins. lie.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel.- BUc; three
half barrels. S^c; one tierce. 8c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, "%c per- lb.
- Hides, \u25a0 TallOTf, : Wool and Heps.
Late advices from New York say that Hops
continue firm and that advices from-both up
the State and the coast reported buyers of the
better- grades \u25a0 at the prices last paid, but they
found it difficult to obtain eupplies, as \ grow
ers 1 were holding their supplies back for bstter
values.
1 Hides continue strong and active in all po
sitions. - with no accumulation :of stock i any
where.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and:braaJ» sell
about under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 12J£c; medium, 12c; light. HHc;
Cow Hides, - ll?/ic for heavy and ll%c for
light;: Stags. ;-.8%c-: Salted Kip. HHc; Salted
Veal. 13c: -Salted Calf, 13Hc; dry Hides. 20c;
dry Kip, 17@lSc; dry Calf. 22c; I Sheepsklna,
shearlings, each; short Wool. 50fi 90c
each; medium. 80c#$l 25; long Wool, $125©2:
Horse Hides, salt. J $3®3 25; for large and r s2 75
for medium," ?2 25 for small and 50c' for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry.: $2@2 25 for. large -.and* $ 1 75
for medium, $1 50 for- small rand 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 31c; dry ealted
Mexican, 25c; dry Centra h American. 27c. Goat
• skins— Prime Angoras, :75c; -extra large do,
$1 25; large, 50@ti0c; medium, 35@'40c; small.
25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4 Vi®4 He per lb;
No. 2. 3@3^c: Grease. 2g2}jc.
WOOL — Fall clip — Northern ! free. 15@17c;
do defective. 12®14c: Middle County, free, 15©
17c- do. defective. ,12@14c: "San Joaquin and
Southern, : 10® 13c; -San Joaquln Lambs', 14©
16c; do defective. 9®l2c per lb.
-HOPS— I9O4 crop, 12® 14c; 1905 crop, 12@14c
per lb.
Meat Mnrlte t.
All descriptions • remain as i before quoted,
with supplies of everything- except" Mutton and
Lamb ample.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to 'dealers
are- as follows: v
. BEEF— 4^«s^cfor Steers and 3^®43£c.per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. s®7c; small, 6®Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, BH@oc; Ewee. B®9c
per lb. j
LAMB— IOc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7®B%c per lb.
\u25a0LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The. follow ing quotations are for good sound j
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 6%©6% c: Cow 3 and Heif
ers, 4ft@sc.
CALVES — 3Vj@4c per lb" (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%e3^c: 'Ewes. &g3iic
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— ? 2 75@3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 130 to 250 lbs, 5%c;
over 250 lbs. 5V4c; under 130 lbs, sV*c;
Feeders, nominal; Sows. 20 per c«nt 6fi: Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags.' 4o per cent off from
above quotations.
General Merchandise.
\u25a0 BAGS — Grain -Bags, 7%c-«pot-«nd-«c "for
buyer June- July, 11KKJ; Wool Bags. 30@-'i3c;
small i lots. 3;<J?34c: Fleece Twtne. 7Hc; Fruit
Baes. 6%«g'7c. •
.COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S: -Seattle. $6.50;- Bryant. l» 60;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Richmond. $S; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks;. Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke;"$ll s<>@l3 per
ton In tjolk and $15 in sack?; Hocky Mountain
descriptions, $8 50 per ehort ton. •
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc; Linseed. 54c per gallon for boiled and
52c - for raw; Castor Oil. in. cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. Jl 14®1 16; Lucol. 48c for
boiled and 46c for raw; China Nut. cases, t>s@
7Sc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, ' In barrels, 58c
for Ceylon and 55c 'for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra \u25a0 bleached winter Whal«
Oil 63c; natural Whale Oil, 60c: extra winter
strained Lard 0i1, '75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
Pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
57V«c; Herring Oil, 45c; Salmon 0i1,' 34c; boiled
Fish Oil. 35c; raw Fish Oil, 35c; Paint Oil. 35c.
COAX. OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water Whlt#
Coal Oil. In bulk, lie; Pearl Oil, in cases,
17% c; Astral. 17^c; Star. 17% c; Extra Star.
20% c; Elaine. 26c; Eocene, 19>^c;- Stove Gaso
line, in bulk, lrnjc: in cases. 22c; Motor Gaso
line, in bulk, 15iic: in cases. 22c; No. 1 En
gine Distillate, .iron barrels or drum*. 8c; No.
2 do, Q\*c: cases. 6iic more: Benzine. In bulk.
12% c; cases, 10c ; : SC-degree Gasoline, In bulk,
25c; In cases, 31c
TURPENTINE — 93c per gallon in cases and
S7c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%Q
BV«c per lb; White Lead. 7%®SVic. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, :tn 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. sc;
j Powdered, 4.55 c; Candy Granulated, -4.85c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 4.75 c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
4.75 c; Fruit Granulated. 4.76 c; Beet Granu
i lated (ICO-lb bags only), -4.65 c: : ConKctioners*
A. 4.75 c: Magnolia A. 4.35 c: Extra C, -4.25c;
.Golden C. :4.15c:>-VD.'".4.C5c; barrels. 10c more;
half harrels^ 25c \u25a0 more ; boxes. 50c more; '50-lt
.bags, lpc: more for all kin*. Tablets — Half
barrels. :5.250:.. b0xe5, '5.50 c; : H, & E. Crystal
Domino?, 7-75«-per lb. | No order taken ! for le.is
than sev«nty-ftve barrels or : Its equivalent.
KlCE— Rules. firm for both domestic and Im
ported Japan, the crops of both of which are
short: supplies here are lighter than usual.
The Japanaese crop of 1905 as recently esti
mated is about 200,000 tons below that
of 1904. _______
Receipts of .Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12.
Flour, qr sks. .13, 540! =Hops. bales .«... 267
WHeat ctls ... 1.512J Wool, bales ..... 478
Barley, ctls ... 5,353 Shorts, sks 300
Oats, ctls 1.325, Leather, rolls . . 508
Corn, ctla 513| Hldea. No 515
Tallow, ctls ... 385! Pelts, ..bdla 3.170
Chicory, bbls •• 15i Lime, bbls ...... 819
Beans, eks ....14.817 1 Raisins, bxs ... 1.900
Potatoes, sks .. 7.240 Sugar, ctla ..... l»450
Onions,' eks . ... .1.220 Quicksilver flaks 250
Bran, sks ..*-. 830, Brandy, gals .-SCO
Middlings, ska.. . 310[ Wine, gals 49.G00
Hay. tons ..... .401; .
. - • OREGON. '\u25a0"'-/
"Wheat, ctls ... 1.033',
STOCK MARK3ET.
Fair Tradlns, With Xo New Features
"VV'ortlty of Xote.
There was a quiet bond business of $85,000
on the Stock and Bond Exchange, and in the
afternoon there were numerous small and scat
tering sales of miscellaneous stocks, but there
were no variations sufficiently pronounced for
comment. The general tone of the market
Was firm.
The mining stocks were also -without especial
feature, with the usual list of transactions.
North Star waa actively dealt in. Justice
levied an assessment of sc.
The Atchiscn. Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
way Company has declared a regular aemi
nnnual dividend of 2. per cent on the common
stock, payable . December 1. .
\u25a0 The Four Oil Company has declared a reg
ular \u25a0 monthly dividend of 1 cent per share,
payable October 10. .
Ex-coupen yesterday: . Sierra Railway of
California Bs. ' - 1037, regular ' semi-annual,
amounting to $10,2fi0. _
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Oct. 12—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONI>S
v - :\u25a0.\u25a0•- \u25a0'-'- \u25a0'\u25a0'.-. Bd. Ask.l . Bid. Ask.
4s Qr coup..lo4?Jlos9i| 4s qr cp nw.134 134*£
4s qr reg...104%1C5%j3s qr coup...lo4UlCs}i
MISCELLANEOUS BOXDS.
Ala A W ss, — , :— \Ok T C0n' 58.111% —
Asso Oil se. 80 96 O W rtd ss. —. 88
Bay CPC 55.108%~— Oceanic S5« — "65 -
Cal C O 55.107. — Om Cable e5.120% — -
Cal G& E g . \u25a0\u25a0"-. . Pac Glm 4s S>s —
m&ct 5s 99H100 PE Ry 55.111%112
Cal-st C.ss.lllVill3U Pac L&P 55.101% —
C . C W « -: IWS I? * C.H 69.102H -
AUCTION SALES
100 \u25a0 HORSES -1001 00
AT AUCTION
WESTERN HORSE .MARKET.
220 Valencia Street.
*THIS DAY.
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 13. 1905. AT 1 P. M.
- Several ;\u25a0 flue saddle horses. 60- unbrok* horses
from 900 to 1350 lbs.
50 head broke horses frcm ICSO to 1600 lbs.
Some of the finest horses ever brought to Saa
Fraaciscc. Also a carload of cheap horses at
low prices.
NO RESERVE OR LIMIT.
E. STEWART A CO.
£~ fe» £a
PUBLIC AUCTION
Saturday, October 14, at 11 a. m.
Don't mtes or forget. Thirty head of all-
purpoae horses . at auction without reserve or
11ml t. : This " stock must be «c Md.
613 Broadway, nr. First SU Oakland
Ed LAP 65.124 — IP_ O R 6*,110 —
F& C H 6b.U3 — lPowelt-st 6«.lll —
Geary-«t sa. — 45 Sao HXJ&RS».IO9»i —
H C&S 5%5-104% — SP & SJVSs.US% —
Dtf 5« ..-.104% — SF.O &3J55.111!5112
Hon-R T 6».110 — Sierra R 8»J129» —
."I* A Blec-5s — . — S P or A 6a .
. LAG &E1 5s — 103 (1900) ..,-107% —
; L A Ry 55. 116 — (1910 > 108% —
: KAI* gtd 55.102 104 SPof C 6»
i. LAP lcmsa.Ho — (1906) ....101^103 .
LAP C 65..107ti — (1»12) 112 -r
.Mkt-st C 6a.113V» — SPC leg 5aJ2OVi —
Do icmSs.mVi — S- PB R 65.134 —
MV&-MtT3s.lOs — fS V Wat 6s. 101% —
.-KR-of C'6a.104 — Do 4s 2dm. 100 V* —
Do 5s 110 — Do 4s 3dn>. OT** —
NP C R 35.1C3%106*i Do g mtg4» 97% —
'N C Ry sa. llt%!stkn GABSa. — —
N C P C ss. 100%f XT G & E 8a.104%1C3
O"GLAH'S»IO«% — XTR ot SF 4s 89* —
Ok TCo 68.121 — I Val Co- P 55.104!»10tt
Do 6s ....112% — 1 Yos SL 4%s- — —
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Csta 47*; — I Port Costa... — «8
Marln C 0... 55 — |S V MTat Co 40% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
C«nt _ A P 3% — US F G A E. 84% 83Vi
Martel Powr 2 — Do certfa.. 84% —
Mutual EL.— 16% Stkn GA E. S —
Pac L C 0... 71% —
\u25a0*' INSURANCE. -
Flrem'a Fd.335 |
BANK .STOCKS. .
Am Ntl 8k.127%130 LP A A.. .145 157V4
Anglo-Cal .. ») — Mer Tru«t...220 240
Bank of Cat. 422-% — Merch Ex. . . 55 —
Cal Safe. Dp.157% — S F National — l«0
First Natnl.32o 330
SAVINGS BANK 3.
Ger S A L.3000 — [SavALSo.IOO —
Hunt S Bk.lSOO — Sec Say 8k.395 —
Mutual 5av.102% — I Union T C 0.2700 3300
3 F Say V.700 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..215 225 tPreatdlo .... — —
Geary — -40 |
POWDER.
Giant Con.. 77 774« l
SUGAR.
Hawalln C. 84 S5 < Mak&weli C. 34 H35
Honokaa SC 15% 15% Onomea S C. 33 \ —
Hutch SP C 15Vi 15%: Paauhau SC 23 23%
Kllauea S C 4 5 (
aiISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. 60 — , Oceanic SCo 4*4 5
Cal FCA. 98 99% Pac Aux FA. 3* 4 —
Cal Wine A — 84%|Pac C 80rx.152% —
MVA MtTm.loo — [pacS Tel C 0.104 101 }i
SALES.
Morning Session.
' Board — •
20 Alaska Packers* Association... 61 60
20 Alaska Packers' Assn. b 5 61 CO
150 Hutchimon S P Co 15 25
5 Mutual Electric Ltght 1« 23
80 Paauhau 3 P Co 23 OO
225 Spring Valley Water Co 40 80
JI.COO S P Cal 6s (1306) 102 o<l
$10,000 United R R of S F 4s 89 37%
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Association... SI CO
• 130 Contra Coata Water, b 3 43 CO
20 Contra Costa Water 48 00
20 Giant Powder Con 76 50
10 Giant Powder Con "tt 73
30 Giant Powder Con ...., 77 00
6 Giant Powder Con 77 12%
5O Honokaa S Co 15 73
145 Honokaa S Co 13 «2%
300 Hutchinson S P Co 15 37%
100 Mutual Electric Light 16 OO -
20 Onomea Sugar Co 34 00
60 Paauhau S P Co. 23 00
5 Pacific States Tel A Tel C 0....104. ...104 OO
83 S F Gas A Electric 85 CO
1 75 Spring Valley Water Co 40 50
$?»,000 Cal Gas A E! G M AC T 55. . 9» 50
-«I.COO Omnibus Cablets ....... .120 50
$20,000 Edison LAP 6s 124 50
$25. C00 Spring Val Wat Co gen mtge 45. '97 it>
$20,CC0 United R R of S F 4a 88 30
Street—
50 Californta-«t Cable R R ......220 CO
30 Oceanic S S Co 4 23
8 S.F Savings Union ....f 700 00
Unlisted SeeuiitK-n.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 65.106 107% SF GAE4%s-102
B L Wat e5.114 — SF ANP 35.111?i112'/i
Cal NW 59.111 — SV C B 4s. 9«\ 98%
M C Wat 59 — 114 Son TeJ 6...112 —
O T.Con ss. 105% 107 Do 3s 100 %11 1
-Risl WksSs.lOl — Suttr-«t R55.103 110
SFDrdk 55.115 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 25 'Gas Con A. — 20
Am Bis Co. 99 — I Mat Nay Co-.125 ISS
Cal Cot Mis 89 31 Mils Nat.8k.323
Cal GAECor 00 02 NSRRCo. I°%
C Jockey Ct 122% 130 N 1 Cal P Co. 10% 10%,
Cal Powder.l6o — Ok Bk Sav.lso'
Cal Ship Co — 23 I lOOF Hall A \u25a0-*% —
CalT 1A T. 165 175 Orpheum Co. 18 —
Cen Bk. Ok — 75 Pace Cas*Co.l4o <
Chutes Co.. 4V* 5 Pac-Sur'Co. 120
CttyA C 8k.107%119 Paraf Paint. — 9O
Cyp L Imp. 5 B S F Drydock — 75
DptPwd pfd — 93 SF A SJCoal 20 —
Do com .. — 95 S Jose Wat. 103% —
FN Bk. Ok. 120 — SO AMTgbt.l2s --
Flschr Thtr 73c — Swtss-A 8k.125 130
Frnch-A 8k.108% — So Pac Co «8
Hono P Co. — 3« (Track Elect. 17 -IS >4
Do old pi. — 38 f Union S Co. — -38
Do nw pi. — 37 I W- Fargo Bk.22X> —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Chat°« Company 450
300 .Northern Cal Power Co 31082%
ICO Union Sugar Co :.. 37 50
California » Stock and Oil Ktchanjf.
Arllne 45
Asso Oil Stock cert 56 37
Chicago Crude 42 ....
Claremont 73
Forty 54 36
Giant 32 ....
Home 56 ....
Independence 22 24
Kern M 50 ....
Kern (new) ••;... U 30
Ken River ................. .... 9so
Monte Crlato 70 75
Occidental of -W Va 04 ....'
Oil City Petroleum 80 83
PeeTless .... \u0084 .-. 9 0O
Piedmont .'..... .... 07
Reed Crud« 24 ....
Senator '......; "1 C 5 ....
Sovereign .......'.... .... 30
Superior .................... oft . ....
Thirty-Three 4 87% ....
Continued \u25a0on I'ncre Fourteen.
APyKKTISIiTMEyTa.
AMERICAN GUARA;\TY CO.
OF* CHICAGO. ESTABLISHED 1593.
FREDERICK M. S-TEELE. President.
CHARLES L. FURET. Vice President.
LEWIS W. PITCHER. Secretary.
JAMES L. BIGELOW. Treasurer.
CAPIIAL. . ... . . $300,000.00
Httryhu and UadiTidsJ Profit* .... »37ttJ32.47
Taw Clusas of Co font* Obligations:
Irt — The payment of th« principal of bonds.
2d — The payment of Interest on bonds.
3d— Ttie redemption of corporate stock.
\u25a04th — The payment of dividends on redeem-
able and preferred stock. ' ;\u25a0 v
It also performs the following services for
Its clients, assuming the expense thereof:
FIRST— To secure the asrvlces of a re-
putable trust company to act as .truste«
for the bondholders and to certify to the
genuineness of the bonds. : - \u25a0
\u25a0 - SECOND — Prepares the necessary deed of
trust In conformity with the requirements
of the trustee.
THIRD — Has the bonds and coupons en-
graved or lithographed, laying same before
the officers of the corporation ready for ex-
ecution. \u25a0
FOURTH— Attends to all the details 'of
an Issue of bonds, relieving the of fleers of
the annoyance Incidental ' thereto.
FIFTH — Furnishes engraved or litho-
graphed certificates of stock bearing oroper
indorsement of guaranty and ready for Is-
suance. . .
SIXTH — Prepares and submits tb« form
of necessary motions and resolutions to be
passed by the stockholders and directors
and otherwise supervises all . work la any
manner affecting the legality of * the ' Issu-
ance of the securities.
Correspondence invited. Intsrvlaws oo-
liclted.
S.a.tl Jttm 171 U B:n> Btmi. Chlwf*.
1516
WITNESSES DECLARE THAT FOG
WHISTLES WERE NOT SOUNDED
Officers oj the A lamed a Say at Inquiry 1 Hat the Vessel Would Have Been
fj:. : Safe Had Danger Sigjials From Different Stations Been Given.
UNITED STATES UJCAL IXSPECTORB Of STEAM VESSELS. WHO ARE CONDUCTING AN INQUIRY INTO THE \L\MEDA
Ss^s^t T ?&££??w?? THE ST EAMSHIP AND THE PILOT WHO WAS IN CHARGIS OF THE VESSEL WHEN
**Ko foghorns or danger signals .of
cny sort were sounded until 'the' Ala T
raeda. grounded ..upon' tbe, rocks — sucb
is the testimony of five witnesses cx.
«mined'b«er« J. K. Bulger and O. F.
Bolle*. local, inspectors of steam vessels,
yesterday morning during the inquiry
into the accident. Not a foghorn was
sounded until 'the gallant vessel wag
ha id and fast upon .the rocks. , Before
tbe Inquiry, wjts . begun a communica
tion from Captain Thomas Dowdeli,
master of the vessel, was read- charging
that the neglect (if any) that caused
the disaster lay with the pilot. Charles
B. Johnson, as he was in full charge
of the steamer when she struck.
This proceeding vas taken on the
ad%-ice of the' Inspectors to facilitate
matters. The communication reads as
follow*:
' Messrs. BoJles and Bulger: As master of
th» Meanser AlwnMa, at the time the same
••as stranded at Fort Point, on the morning
ef the 30th day. of September. J605, I hereby
prefer charge* against the pilot, diaries B.
Johnson, whose license is No. 23,654, nine
teenth Issue, "date October 16, 1902. and Etate
that. ».t Eaid time, said pilot was in soK
rhaxr« «Jid command lor tbe purpose ofnavf
titlrsr her through the^Heads. being under
special erc^loyment of the . steamship -<^>mpaijy
for that purpose, and the "fault- or neglect. If
My there- be, in v . the; navigation of . said
vessel, which, resulted. In said Btrindlng. was
the fault cr neglect' at taJd Charles B. John
•on. and no other. - - And I respectfully ask
thst the said Charles B. .Johnson b« summoned
lWor« this _board to aixEw»r.to this board" In
auch manner as in -law and Justice la meet and
preper. Re«p««tfully. . \u25a0 ... - . .;
\u25a0 CAPTAIN THOMAS DOWDEXU . '\u25a0
Master; Steamship Alameda.
ALL. TELL SAME STORY.
The stories told by First Mate P. An
derson, Third Officer Lewis S. Jordan,-
: \u25a0"\u25a0.''>'';, .' -'* •'.% •'-, \u25a0 \u25a0 •\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0- aSftitj^ 1 '' 1-1 -'' \u25a0 \u25a0 j-. LI • V T^^ C
l___ r^ ' ' ~"" """ *" "^\ c eSf and beea u« w «
t " T W^p-^^r< J:^ ;• /}\?y : 7~;^> Fropose to handle
i V >ci_\^^/ \ \/-' !Sk^ \>i< /I of «*«" P«sent stock .
~-~ ! *^^j; \ •:.- ' ' ? ."\u25a0 - : ... '"*^^S^y: .[i ' of carriages* buggiss' :
. <.<.,, - "^^*~ and wagons. The
stock compri«» a large variety o! standard vehices from which to maks
selection. ..- , . \u25a0 ' '
...THIS SALE IS BONA FIDE...
And every reasonable off»r w{ll be conddfr;d. , '
Spiro Harness sl^agdn Go;
5 307-309 Market Street, San Francisco.
Surgeon E. J. Rice, Quartermaster John
Ellis and Lookonf T. Olcson "all agre«
with Captain Dowdell's version. Fol-.
lowing- is Captain Dowdell's •'official re
port of the grounding:
At 11 a. m. we left pier No. 7 with Pilot
C. .R. Johnson on board. I backed the ship
out frcm th* wharf and straightened her up
alor.s the wharves. 1 "then told th» pilot to
take her and steady her up to suit himself,
and he arswerort. "All rignt, captain," and
from .that time h; alone directed the course
of the *hip until she struck.
About halfway between Alcatraz, and LJme
Point a thick fog su in. I thought it was
only a bunch that would pass away. It par
tially cleared fcr a <ew .ee'.-onde. and we saw
high land on the starboard bow. .-but it got
thick again. I remarked to the pilot that we
ought to" hear Lime ' Point, -whistle. He an
swered yes, but we heard nothing. exospt .for
what I took for -a steam launch, as it was a"
sharp whistle on the starboard rlile. Shortly
afu-r thi<? . the pilot ordered the-, wheel to
starboard, but how much I do not know, as I
was on the starboard side of. the bridge, keeping
a lookout and listening for 'the foghorns and
other sieneJs. Hut 1 heard" him call out,
"Steady." A very -short time after'thls First
Officer P. ; Anderson from the forecastle head
sang out. "Fort Point right ahead, sir." and
at the same Instant th? pilot ordered the
wheel ha i-d aport.
WHISTLE SOUNDS TOO LATE.
I-went to the port side of the, bridge and
heard Ihe-whtatl* for the first time... Then the
vessel struck and the pilot order?*! 1 the engines
stopped. I th»n took charge and founded dis
tress rtgnnls arxj ordered the boats swung out
and had the hi\g<* sounded.- lindlnj; the wells
-dry. \u25a0, I then sounded around ittfi - ship and
found three fathoms forward aßd' three and
one-half amidship and four and one-half un
der the beam. I had all passengers trans
ferred to the steamer Golden Gate, which came
to our Assistance. .At high water 'we tried to
back off with our own engines,- but could not
move, later four tugs tried, but she would
not move then.
. »From the time we left the wharf until- the
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; FRIDAY; OGi;OBER .I^, ;1905;
ship struck Lewis S. Jordan, third officer,
was on the bridge in charge of the engine
room telephone and also passed the word from
the pilot to the man at the wheel. I was
also on the bridge from the time sho started
to the/time *he struck, but save no orders
or even '.sugeestions r«srarding the steering
of the, vessel • after turning her over to the
Pil'jt. -,
At the instance of; Attorney Lukens,
acting 'for Pilot Johnson, Captain Dow
dell was minutely questioned by In
spector Bolles, regarding the foghorns.
"Did you hear the Lime Point whistle
before you , struck?" %vas' asked. "No,"
was the reply.
"If you had heard the Lime Point
whistle do you think it would have
assisted you?" "I do." .:.
''If you; had heard the whistle do you
think that you would have v pulled out
•saffly?" "I do.",
"JOfq yotf hear uny whistle, before
she. struck?" I heard a whistle that
sounded . like a launch. It was very
chrill."
"From what direction .did it come?"
"From the starboard side.".
"Was.thf; Alumeda's; whistle blow
ins? at, regular intervsils after; she got
into the, fog;?" "It was,"; ..,]•';.\u25a0 t
Dr. ,B. J.-,Bict. the ship's surgeon, was
standing; near the /forecastle": head when
the vessel struck. . •; V 1"V 1 "
"Did you hear .. any shore signals at
Fort Point— any trumpets, bells or whis
tles before the vessel struck?" he was
asked.
"No, sir." - '; -. ;.
"Did you hear any at ;ariy other sta
tion?" , t ' ;\u25a0.;•, .
"No, sir." \u25a0
XO WAR-XI.\G'.IS GIVEX.
Lewis Jordan, third officer,- who was on
the' bridge'' with v Captain Dowdeli and
the pilot, also declared' that^no warning
was given to the Alameda. ' *"- ,•
- "Did you hear any whistle before she
struck?!' asked Inspector Bolles. ;
"I heard a. Bmall . steamer's whistle on
the starboard. side;-, that's "all." • •
"Only a small steamer's" whistle?'
"Yes, sir.'.' ' -
Hear any -fog, horns at all?"-!;
"Yes, sir, after .she struck." '
"Did you. hear the" Lime Point whistle
then?" :
• "Yes, .sir. shortly after the one at
Fort Point." . ! ; > •
• r'Do you think that if the Fort Point
whistle had been sounded the vessel
would have cot out all right?"
; "Yes, sir. I think so." :
. "There. was no difficulty in lowering the
Quartermaster John Ellis, who . was at
the wheel, -was asked if./, he heard any
fos whistle before the ship 'struck.
/.'No, , sir," he replied. \u25a0
r "Did you hear any after she struck?"
••."Yes, -6ii\" v .;•\u25a0•\u25a0
f'/'.Wherujdid; you start to blow the
whistle on your steamer; '
• "When •we - sot \u25a0 In . the fog."
"Did;, you receive- any order directly
from; Captain Dowdeli?" \u25a0
"No, sir." ,
Lookout T. Olcson was questioned as to
the density of the fog. He declared that
they could hardly see ahead -the length
of the .ship. - .
.. First -Officer P.' Anderson was on the
forecastle head when : the ship struck.
"When did you first Know that the ves
sel was In danger?" he was •asked.. - .
"When I saw Fort Point loom -up sud
denly." . . ; ".;\u25a0•"•\u25a0__ • : .
"Did you hear the. Fort Point whistle?"
"Not?until after we struck." -.
"Did you hear any others,?"
"Not until we struck." \u25a0 '" ' r
The inquirj- will be ; resumed at io'
o'clock to-day ; V ,
ADAM'S YOUNG
WIFE IS FREED
Judge Kerrigan Grants Her
a Divorce Decree on the
•Ground of Willful Neglect
POWERS OUTLINES WOES
Says His Spouse and Her
Mother Secured His Prop
erty and Locked Him Out
Neglect on the part'of James Bruce
Adams, well known in club circles, has
cost jhim his wife. Nellie Titcomb Mc-
Corniick Adams. After a brief hear
ing yesterday Judge Kerrigan granted
Mrs.' Adams a decree of divorce, the
first* counts in the complaint— those of
cruelty — not being urged by the plain
tiff, wlio consented to the entry of the
decree on the grdund of willful neg
lects
Mrs. Adams further waived judg
ment for costs, alimony, counsel fees
and support \u25a0 in' any form. She insist
ed.''however/ on the right to resume
lier maiden name, McCormick. which
was granted by the court. Mrs.-Adams'
story of the neglect she suffered at the
himds of her husband-was corroborated
by Frederick A. Houseworth.. William
B: Early. L. E. Corby and William Mc-
Cormick. ,
In a cross-complaint filed yesterday
in the suit for divorce instituted
against him George M. Powers claims
that -he has been- a much-abused* and
loiig-suffering husband. He asserts j
that instead of his wife, Mary E. Pow
ers, Being given a divorce, ' he should
be granted such relief, together with a
judgment restoring to him his prop-,
erty, '.which he says, has been wicked
ly taken away from him.
Aided by her mother. Mrs. A. Sim- ,
mons, Powers says his wife, through
trickery and cajolery, caused him to
assign to her all of his property. After
she had secured all of the property, I
Powers says his wife then called upon
her^ mother and. after falsely accusing
him. of inebriety and other offenses,
ejected him. from his own home and
since have held the fort against all of
his efforts to return.
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Stella A. from James A.
Ritchie for desertion 1 : Charles from
Anna; Lochbaum for cruelty; Adeline
from • Robert C. "Wilson for desertion;
Mary' A. from Charles W. Becker for
intemperance, and Mrs. 11. Astrom from
J. Astrom for desertion. j
Suits for divorce were filed by Nellie
M. against Robert J. Perry for cruelty;
Alice I. against Harry H. Meyer for
cruelty, and Flora against Joseph A.
Saligcr for desertion.
The announcement that William D.
Savage had obtained a divorce from
Mrs. Mary Savage was nn error. ' The
decree was issued in Mrs. Savage's
favor against her husband, the ground
for the issuance of the decree being
cruelty., * '
&T. Ryfkogel and Dr. Benepe have
moved their offices to the St. Paul
building. 293 Geary street. Telephone
-Main 3695. - •
TO INSPECT POSTS
NEAR POINT BONITA
Lieutenant Colonel Ruhlen
Will Look Over Depart
. ment Improvements;
Lieutenant Colonel George Uuhlen of
the quartermaster general's office In
Washington,. 1). C, in charge of the di
vision of construction and repairs, wili
visit the Government reservations at
and noar Point Bonita to-day. (lis trip
io this co:ist is for the purpose of mak
ing himself f-uviliar with the ground
whore the projected improvements in
this department are to b«i made.' To-day
he will Hist visit Fort Barry and there
inspect the buildings under^construc
tion at that pluce. From there he will
look into the situation of the new tar
get range at Rodeo. This range is now
completed and in full working order.
In the afternoon Lieutenant Colonel
Ruhlori will pay a visit to Fort Baker.
He will be accompanied by Colonel Wil
liam S. Patten. Captain W. C. Wren and
Captain Rickon.
General I-'unston and' his aid, Lieu
tenant Burton J. Mitchell, left last
niglit on a hunting trip to Gonznles.
At that point, they will meet Mayor
Johnson of Monterey, who has arranged
for a. trip into the - mountains, where
they expect to have f>ome fine deer
shooting. General Funston will return
to town to-morrow night.
The transport Sherman is scheduled
to arrive her^ next Thursday from Ma
nila. She brings. 86 casuals, 135 ma
rines, 27 sick, 20 general, prisoners and
2 Insane. . •
Dies From Acute Alvohollsin.
Klisha Tibbets, a laborer SO 'years of
age, died at the City and County.Hos
pital yesterday morning and his body
was removed to the Morgue. He had
been suffering from acute alcoholism
and on October 6 about 2 a, m. he left
his bed and wandered to a porch, fall
ing to the ground, a distance of six
feet, breaking his leg. He was car
ried _ to the operating table and, the
leg was set by Dr.Blgelow. The phy
sicians at the hospital say that death
was due to acute alcoholism and that
the fall- had nothing v to' do with it.'
Tibbets lived at 38 Third street, was a"
single man and a native of Canada. j
Transparent Envelopes Rentricted.
. Postmaster Fisk received instruc
tions yestorday from the Postmaster
General prohibiting the use of the
mails to statements of account or duns
transmitted in. "onion skin", or other
transparent envelopes. These en vel-i
opes nr» used -largely by leading busi
ness houses in this clty.and elsewhere.
ADVERTISEMEXTS. '
BABITStERRIBLtSORE
Body Raw With Humor. Caused Untcld
.Agony. Doctor Did No Good. :
Mother Discouraged.
CUTICURA CURED AT ONCE
" My child was a very delicate baby.
. A ternble soreand humor ; broke. out
.on his .body, looking \u25a0 like rawi^flesh,
and causing the child untold agony.
, My physician prescribed various rem- .
edies fc none of; which ; helped at all.'
I became discouraged ; ana - took \u25a0: the ;
matter into niy \u25a0 own hands, 1 and. tried;
Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment
,with i almost immediate fsuccess.Vjße-
fore thesecoiad weekihad «'passed;the -.
soreness was gone, 1 not leaving a trace "
of anything. • Mrs. JcannetteH: Block;
;,28iRosedaleSt^ Rochester; N.Y.V-;:
I -L: '\u25a0/>.\u25a0\u25a0 «^r> iH&^^i This Friday and Saturday in RAPHAEL'S 1
1 H«V r^ I rCC^ m % and p °P ular B °y s ' "Shop— where the |
1 ""/ "" • best dressed boys in town are dressed. |
\ ]^J EVER told you half what we ought to have told you about $ 1 I
\ Vy\ the good points in those Swagger Winter Suits of ours at IS
hi -— — Your expectations would have been screwed up to a very high fj |
| pitch if we said all we knew about their true worth. But this much you ||
I can rely upon— they're equal to any suit sold about, town at $10.00 1 3
j I One thing about these TEN DOLLAR SUITS on sale with us at | |
1 .. 3 Tne Make, Tne riniso and me fit of em |
II Stamps their true \vorth Upon Sight X
I n * \u25a0 . \u25a0 • -.-.. \u25a0"..._. i |
|| I You are never doomed to disappointment when you come to us. We g
I I do things in the store even better, than we promise, in print. \ I
; I ' The Fabrics of these Suits comprise the Very Smartest and Scotchiest |
|| in effects. Styles and Colors that tickle the fancy of the Stylishly inclined |
Si Plain Colors, too— for Sunday wear— Knicker breeches amongst '"em."
I I The Coats are Broad Chesty built— much longer than last season's. | |
I Well, to say. the least— they're $10.00 Suits— marked now at I |
II v : Ages 6to 16 years. « |
31 1 C llitik KEARNYST. AND UNION SQUARE AYE. £« « |
I ; ...Kingpins for Overcoats... |
GIRL' WIFE TIRES
OF COUNTRY LIFE
Leaves Her Husband and Se
cures Decree Annulling /
Influenced by tales of the fascinations
of country life. Etta L. Woods left the
home of- her 1 sister In San Francisco, fled
to Hanford and there, on September 14,
1903 wedded Frank E. Condon, a prosper
ous young farmer. She was but 16 years
old at the time and as she matured " she
began to realize that she was not capable
of appreciating the beauties of a rural
existence and th^t life on the farm was
less romantic to her than she- supposed it
would be. So, after living a year with her
husband, which, she says, was a year of
constant quarreling, sha returned to her
sister Mrs. Josephine Martin, who was
appointed her guardian shdrtly before she
fled the city and whose consent to her
marriage: the girl wife did not obtain.
After hearing the girl't story. Mrs. Mar
tin Instituted suit to annul the marriage
of her sister, alleging that at the time
the - ceremony was performed Mrs. Con
don;was not of legal age and had not ob
tained the consent of the plaintiff. Judge
Graham heard- the : case . yesterday and
concluded . that the young woman's plea
would best be granted, and it was so or
dered.
"An example easy to be imitated in
its faults" is that of. a; store-advertiser
who uses a page of space on one day
and a quarter column on another—
store-expenses, in other; directions, be
ing as^reat' on one day as the other,
and "necessary-income" remaining un
changed; '; " •->''.- r - ? '. \u25a0\u25a0". '\u25a0\u25a0.:•'
WOULD i SELL TO ClTY— Aaron Heringhl
anJ C ;C. ' Powers yesterday offered to sell to
the city two » lots ? for, the pronosed park and
Presidio extension, for '-- $700 and ?2000 r re
spectively.-The City. Attorney. says the prices
are In conformlty.with ttte', standard of values
fixed by, the Suoerior : Court. \u25a0
r Pur'e'foodlaw* are grood. Burnett's
.Vanilla' is pure food. Take^no substitute. V
GIVES DECISIOX^N FAVOR
;e?v;"Cy OF STATE OFFICIALS
Judge Si"ar» ell Hold* That Paper Con
tract A \u25a0warded to A. Zellerbach
* Son* Is Valid. - .;
An opinion was filed yesterday by
Judge Seawell denying the petition of
Bonestell, Richardson & Co. for an In
junction restraining Secretary of State
Curry, State Printer W. W. Shannon
anti\C. N. Post, constituting' the State
Printing Committee, from awarding a
contract^ for.; paper to be used In the
printing of school books to A. Zeller
bach & Sons. It was alleged by the
petitioners that the bid of Zellerbach &
Sons, which was accepted by the de
fendants in the suit, was for a brand
of paper Inferior to that provided for
in the specifications upon which the
advertisements for bids were based,
and that hence the award was illegal.
. Judge Seawell says that in his opin
ion the bid of A. Zellerbach & Sons'
together/with the award of the contract
them, constituted a valid agreement,
subject v to be defeated alone by the
failure of A. Zellerbach & Sons to file
a bond as .required by law. As the
plaintiff makes . no allegation .that- A.
Zellerbach •.&"•; Sons* failed to "file this
bond as required, .tfie court holds that
it may be assumed that" such bond was
filed. In consequence the, petition for
an injunction is denied. /
Town Talk.
The betrayal of the Star-JByed God
dess, of Reform is 'the subject .'of a
sprightly editorial; of local Interest in
this week's Town Talk. John Cowley-
Brown discusses-Pefiping: Bok of FhUa
delphia. The Saunterer tells why Mil
lionaire .Schwab contemplates taking?
up ; hi3 -residence in Nevada. He solves
the. mystery: of -the "purchnse of the
McLean residence in Pacific avenue. .He
tens'why.societyibalked.at the charity
ball, and* why the ladie3, r of BHngum
aregrleving over. the suicide of a coif
feur, v Theodore Bonnet analyzes the
Zangwiir play.*g^|SS3Bj •.
( SCHOONKR TARTA R SOLD— The schooner
Tartar was sold at auction yesterday by order
of* the "MJnited- States 'DtntHct Court. It was
knocked down to Richard A. Schnalle • for
$2SO.
CONVICTED OF ROBBERY— Louis Paraao
was convicted by a Jury In Judjcs- Lawtor**
\u25a0» ywterday on a charge of robbery and
will be ... sentenced to-morrow. He knocked
down James CamDlon of Santa Rosa .at Clay
and Leidesddrft street* on the night of Au-
Kust 1 and robbed htm of $33. -
I Ear A XS e^ i X W /KEY tq
I vbJ w ®a I kS3 JaETTL. q
119 Taylor Street: .Phone Howard 1021
Flllmore « 31cAUIster. .Phone Park 1.83
Polk and Bash Streets. .Phone Bast 684
. BKST CRANBERRIES. 2 QUARTS. g£
Ham*— Armours pound 13c
Armour's best mild sugar cured. All sizes
Friday— and Saturday night only.
HILL'S SWEET PICKLE CHIPS. BOT.. -13c.
Esrer .Voodle* . paeka ffe 5c
Gold medal brand. Prepared according to
German style.
15c BONELESS CHICKEN TAM ALES. UK.
Lima Beans— New pound Th-
Beat^qoallty. olean Uma beana— old price' loc.
j XfaW FREXCH.SARDINES. 3 CANS 2.V-. "
'Olive OH. ....qoart bottlr sOc
Crosae & Biackwelt Pure Lucca.
CREAM ROLLJ.;p OATS, g POUNDS s.y.
Xevr Pea» and Corn. .5 can* 3^i<?
Extra early June peas and tender sweet corn.
'^_ Usually 10c can.
10c. SOAP. LIKE SAPOLIO. gc. .
Vienna Coffee:. .. . pound 2^*-
gpfdal b!end. equal to any 40c tea store coffee.
FABER'S CEYLON TEA. PACKET SCo!
Je«!»e .Moore A A Whlnk.v bottle 7»c
\ Well known the wor;.A over. Mon«tay only.
~oc DOS MESASSAfTERXE, BOTTLE s«c.
Llvermore Clare V. cailon 4Oe
Four-year-o!<J w!ne. Slightly pungent.
•.- \u25a0 ' UauaJly 63c. . r
jl '-'5 HARPER'S WHISKY. BOTTLE. gQc.
Table Butter, sq. 39c
r. Usual size squares — fresh and swett.
GOOO CALIFORNIA EGGS. DOZEN aoo7~~