—— , -
THE WEATHER.
Forecast mad* at (Ban Francisco for
thirty hour* ending midnight, Janu
ary 24:
San Francisco and vicinity—Cloudy,
unsettled weather Tuesday, with show,
ers; fresh southeast wind.
A. O. MoADIB.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII—NO. 55.
REVOLUTIONARY MOVEMENT IS FAST SPREADING
THROUGHOUT THE VAST DOMAINS OF THE CZAR
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 24, 7:30 A. M.--The revolutionary movement is extending to air parts of the empire. There
is no* longer room for doubt that it was carefully planned and has for its object -the overthrow of the Romanoff
dynasty. The strikers are merely the catspaws of a powerful political organization. Moscow and other cities report
risings of the laboring classes in answer to a general call. It is said the Czar has determined to thrust aside his
present advisers and meet the labor representatives. Only minor riots have occurred heae in the last twenty-four hours.
WORKINGMEN IN MANY CITIES HEED CALL FOR GENERAL RISING
BLOOD MAY FLOW
IN CITY OF MOSCOW
Repetition of St. Petersburg
Riots Expected in the
Ancient Capital.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 23— The most startling feature
in the situation to-night is the news that several factories in Mos
cow have closed and that the workmen in the old capital of Rus
sia are repeating the tactics of their fellow workmen of the new
capital, marching from shop to shop and mill to mill, demanding
that the establishments be shut down. The whole city is reported
to be in a state of grreat excitement over the news of the bloodshed
here yesterday, which has precipitated the strike that had been
Scheduled for Wednesday. Moscow has more workmen and less
troops than St. Petersburg, and, besides, is just now the heart of
the Liberal movement, and the danger of bloodier occurrences
there than have been witnessed here are proportionately greater.
A rising in Moscow is also more likely to have greater results, in
dustrially politically, than that of St. Petersburg.
MAY COMPEL PEACE WITH JAPAN. .
According to private reports, the workmen in several other
big cities, notably Kharkoff, where large locomotive works are lo
cated, already have completed plans for a general suspension of
work. Moreover, reports are current that the workmen, who oth
erwise would soon be forced back into the shops or starve, have
received assurances of financial support from the sources which
hitherto have supplied the sinew s of war for the Liberal and revo
lutionary agitation, but have not before been in touch with the
labor movement. If the strike becomes general throughout Rus
sia, and especially if the railroads are drawn in, it might immedi
ately force the nation to make peace with Japan.
CZAR'S ADVISERS FAVOR FIRM POLICY.
The situation appears grave from every standpoint, but the
authorities, although somewhat bewildered, declare their purpose
to stand firm. They maintain that it is their first duty to preserve
order and scout the idea of actual revolution. Seemingly the Min
isters are most concerned over the effect of the present situation
abroad, where, they declare, exaggerated reports create a false
impression.
SHOP OWNERS ARM FOR PROTECTION.
MOSCOW, Jan. 23. —The people of Moscow are greatly ex
cited over the news from St. Petertburg, which was received over
the telephone from private sources and spread like wildfire
through the city. Last night it was the only topic of conversa
tion. The workmen here are greatly aroused and the Social Dem
ocrats are resolved to make the best of the opportunity. The fac
tory and mill owners also are excited, as a general suspension of*
work is expected on Januafy 26. Tne owners and the authorities
are conferring in regard to the measures to meet disturbances.
Many shop owners are purchasing arms to protect their property.
Employes of the Bromley Metal Works to the number of
1000 met at 2130 o'clock this afternoon and declared that they re
fused to continue at work because their St. Petersburg comrades
had asked them to strike. They immediately left the works, form
ed a procession, marched through the streets and begged tr.eir
fellow workmen in all industrial establishments to join in the
movement. A majority of those who were thus requested to quit
work complied. Afterward the strikers visited the Sytn Printing
Works, the largest of the kind in Moscow and belonging to the
millionaire publisher, Sytn, and induced the m*n employed tltere
to strike. The works closed at 5 o clock.
THE San Francisco CALL
- ; ,
FAMOUS BUILDING NOW USED AS BARRACKS AND THE ENTRANCE TO THE CZAR'S APARTMENTS.
Workmen Marching Upon St. Petersburg Are
Fired Upon by Imperial Troops.
JiONDON, Jan. 23.—A dispatch from Moscow to Reuters Telegram Company says: "The Deputy Prefect has
issued a proclamation warning the public, fas view of the strike, to avoid assemblages and processions; otherwise
the same severe measures will be adopted as In tit. Petersburg."
ST. PETERSBURG, 24, 3:25 a. in.—A report has gained currency that the strikers intend to storm the
market in Vassillostrov and seize the provisions there. At Kolpino, twelve miles up the river, a body of workmen,
who had started for St. Petersburg to join the strikers, were stopped and fired upon by soldiers. Accounts as to
the number killed or wounded conflict.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 23.—Estimates upon the number killed or wounded during the rioting yesterday and
to-day vary greatly, but for the present they are mere guesses.. Official reports place the total at about 250, but
these are not given credence. It is probable that the number will be found to have exceeded 600, and when the
facts are known these figures may be more than doubled. Meanwhile rumors have multiplied until the excited
populace is convinced that many thousands were put to death by the charging Cossacks.*
SEVASTOPOL, Jan. 23.—Fire to-day destroyed the great admiralty works. The Are broke out immediate
ly after the signal for beginning work at 1 o'clock this morning. The flamcg burst simultaneously from different
parts of the works, and the whole building was so quickly involved that men in the modeling department barely
escaped by jumping out of the windows. Energetic measures prevented the flames extending to the docks. The
lire was under control at 1:40 o'clock. The cause of the Are is unknown.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY JANUARY 24, 1905.
NICHOLAS SUES
FOR PEACE
»
Decides to Overrule
Grand Dukes and
Restore Order.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 23.—1t was
reported to-night, upon authority re
guarded as reliable, that Emperor
Nicholas, in making the decision at
the extraordinary meeting of the
Council of the Empire" at Tsarskoe-
Selo to-day to declare Bt. Pe
tersburg in a state of siege, an
nounced that he had resolved to issue
a manifesto to the people with a view
of calming them, promising to create
a mixed commission of workmen and
officials to Investigate and decide the
questions of the demands of the strik
ers, especially the one affecting hours
of labor, which Russian law fixes at
eleven. The representatives of the
workmen, according to this report, are
not to be appointed, but selected by
the laboring men themselves. This
would be the first concession to the
representative principle.
According to reports, the Emperof
will endeavor to investigate yesterday's
events in St. Petersburg.
SACKING OP CITY FEARED.
The military everywhere to-day had
a firm grip on the situation and the
police used every precaution, such as
forbidding the sale of petroleum and re
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR—"The Conquerors."
CALIFORNIA—"Shaun Rhue."
COLOMBIA—"A Country Mouse."
CENTRAL—"Jerusalem."
CHUTES—Vaudeville.
FlSCHEß'S—Vaudeville.
GRAND—"The Silver Slipper."
ORPHEUM—Vaudeville.
TIVOLI —Grand opera.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
quiring the people to remain indoors.
The tension, which was somewhat re
lieved in the morning, continued to in
crease during the day. Conditions ap
peared to be ominous when, shortly af
ter dark, the workmen in two electric
light plants walked out, refusing triple
pay to remain and plunging half the
city into utter darkness, including the
Nevsky Prospect, which is in the fash
ionable residence quarter. The water
supply also was cut off, and a veritable
panic ensued.
Tales that dynamite was In the pos
session of the strikers and that it was
the purpose to sack and burn the town
had been in circulation and many peo
ple were terror-stricken. Reserve
troops were called out to guard th«
darkened portion of the city. The peo
ple still in the streets, except a few
strikers and roughs, fled to their
homes. Police officers visited every
house and store, ordering all not to
venture out. at their peril, and to turn
out the lights in their front windows.
Shopkeepers and even private house
owners boarded or barred their win
dows and doors.
Continued to Pane 8, Column S.2
ST. PETERSBURG LIKE A CITY BESIEGED BY FOREIGN FOE
FLIGHT OP THE CZAR
AND HIS HOUSEHOLD
FROM TSARSKOE-SELO
Nicholas Loses His
Nerve When Riot
ing Begins.
Special Cable to The Call and Sew Tork
Herald. Copyright, 1905, by the New Tork
• Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 23— The
flight of the imperial family from
Tsarskoe-Selo after three and a half
days of secrecy and frequent change
of dwelling from palace to palace, was
. to-day's most noteworthy development.
The Emperor hurriedly left Tsarskoe-
Selo this morning when the news had
' come that the strikers from Kolpino
had chosen that palace as the goal of
their march. Despite the reassuring
statements of court dignitaries and
military men, the Czar is alleged lo
• have lost his nerve immediately and to
have announced his intention to repair
to Peterhof, which is his summer resi
dence.
Objections occurred to official minds
and Gatchina was suggested instead of
Peterhof by the Dowager Empress. The
Czar consented and the imperial party
thereupon made a hasty departure for
the palace where Alexander 111 lived in
seclusion during his entire reign.
Whether the soldiers can be got to
fraternize with the people it is im
possible to say, but I can affirm that
yesterday a guard of marines stationed
on the quay refused to fire when or
dered to do so by their officers. What
happened to them I am unable to as-
Certain, but the principal muster of
facts in the relations between the Gov
ernment and the people are these:
The troops understood that the spir
it of the orders which they had re
ceived "from Grand Duke Vladimir was
not to spare bullets and to use their
own discretion as to the time and plac%
of firing. Secondly, in most cases, some
of which I beheld myself, the people
were not warned beforehand, but the
bugle was sounded for three or five
seconds and before the last note had
died away firing began.
." In another instance the order was
. given to disperse, but time was not
acoprded to carry it out and the people
could not, if they would, recoil.
In at least one case the troops were
moved to fire by sudden anger and not
, by the necessity for preserving order.
I was not myself a witness of the fol
lowing fact, but I have received a
statement from a well known noble
man, who is willing to attest it pub
licly. •
"At a police bridge on the Nevsky,"
he said, "I was chatting with a field
surgeon about collisions between the
troops and the people. We were stand
ing beside a Red Cross van. Suddenly
the officer exclaimed, 'Disperse!' The
soldiers fell into firing order and a
member of the public exclaimed: 'You
can show your bravery against your
own people, you fratricides.' The offi
cer cried out, 'Fire!' pointing to the
side whence the word 'fratricide' had
come. There were about twelve wound
ed and dead. I saw one slain woman
lying on her back, having received a
•bullet between the eyes. Beside her
lay an elderly man in a fur cloak.
"The troops in this case fired from
pure malice."
WILL DEFY CENSORSHIP.
Four St. Petersburg Editors Say They
Will Publish Truth.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 28.—-The
editors of four newspapers, the Russ,
the Viedomosti, the Novosti and the
Grashdanin, declare their intention,
as soon as the printers return to work
and they are able to resume publica
tion, openly to defy tne censorship in
the matter of strike news and Sun
day's affair. They drew up a letter to
the censor to-day, saying they felt the
gravity of the situation, and demand
ed that they be permitted to print the
facts without minimizing or glossing
them over. The Novoe Vremya and
other papers, however, refused to join
• and the letter was not sent, but the
editors of the four papers named agree
to adopt the course Indicated.
It is reported that a number of mills
and factories will start up to-morrow.
Some of the industrial managers be
lieve that the worst Is over. Father
Gopon's message to his followers to
night was: "The Czar does not exist.
No longer pray for liberty."
Arrested for Shooting at Czar.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 28.—David-
off, the captain, and Kurseff, the senior
officer of the battery from which the
loaded shell was fired on January 19,
striking the imperial pavilion, In which
was the Czar, and other buildings,
have been arrested.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggiets refund the money if It falls to cure.
K. w. drove » alfnaturt Is oa each box. 25c.•
MEMBERS OF THE ROYAL FAMILY, OFFICIAL, WHO IS THE ESPECIAL. OB
JECT OF THE HATRED OF THE RUSSIAN POPULACE, AND SCENE ILLUS
TRATING THE PEOPLE'S RECOURSE TO PRAYER IN TIME OF TROUBLE.
Alarmed Ruler May Make Concessions
to Workinpen to End the Big Strike
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
After about four hours soldiers from
the Engineer Corps, with the aid of
German engineers from factories, start
ed the plants. When the lights were
turned on, except for the patrolling
cavalry and infantry the streets were
deserted. At midnight, when life in
the Russian capital is usually bright.
St. Petersburg resembled a city of the
dead invaded by a hostile army. The
facades of the buildings were black, and
every restaurant and place of amuse
ment was closed. The only sound to
be heard was the deadened patter of
the hoofs of the cavalry horses and the
tramp of marching men over the snow
as the Emperor's legions moved to and
fro.
The guards at the palaces of the
Grand Dukes are especially heavy, and
more than 20,000* troops are massed at
Tsarskoe-Selo.
AUTOCRACY TO GIVE WAY.
John C. Rare I Believes the Czar Will
Grant a Constitution. -
DENVER, Jan. 23.—John C. Karel,
former Consul General in Russia from
this country, now an inmate of the
Oakes Home for Consumptives In this
city, in an interview to-day, declared
that in his opinion no revolution is im
minent in Russia.
"I do not believe," said Karel, "that
there is any widespread conspiracy to
unseat the Czar. The entire trouble is
this: The cotton mill workers are out
on a strike. The students of S.t. Peters
burg are probably their aiders and
abettors, as they Usually are. These
are making a little local trouble, just
about as the striking miners . made
trouble in Colorado last year. Their
object is to call the attention of the'
Czar to their condition, just as the ob
ject of the striking coal miners was
to attract President Roosevelt's atten
tion. /
"The Czar is a very kindhearted and
sensible man. I believe Russia will be
made a constitutional monarchy within
twenty-flve years, as Nicholas II de
sires it, but the people are not ready
for it now."
PRESS FAKERS AT WORK.
London Journals Bristle With Sensa-
tional Specials From Russia.
LONDON, Jan. 23.—Special dis
patches from Russia to the London
papers to-day bristle with sensational
statements. For Instance, the corre
spondent at Kieff of the Express as
serts that the naval depots at Sevasto
pol have been destroyed by a revolu
tionary outbreak of the sailors of the
Black Sea fleet, whose lives have been
rendered unbearable by overwork arid
robbery by corrupt officials and gives
circumstantial details of 8000 of these
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 24. 1905.
men rising and attacking their officers
and firing and destroying the build
ings, while the troops (according to
the story) were summoned to quell
the revolution refused to fire at all or
fired into the air.
Other dispatches report soldiers
killed by bomb-throwing, raiding of
Government rifle factories, etc., none
of which can be confirmed in any re
sponsible quarter.
There is much curiosity as. to the
Intentions of the imperial family.
There, are rumors that they are going
to the Crimea, Copenhagen or some
other place till the storm has blown
over. V
PARIS. Jan. 24.—An instance of the
wild rumors afloat in the Russian cap
ital is shown by the story telegraphed
to the Petit Journal here that 50,000
armed striker* marched on the city
marine barracks, surrounded the
troops and that it Is believed the men
stationed there mutinied.
Another correspondent says Em
peror Nicholas is reported to have
gone on board the royal yacht Stand
art.
KAISER DEEPLY CONCERNED.
Berlin officials Say Czar Bare Not
Yield to the Revolutionists.
BERLIN, Jan. 28.—Emperor Wil
liam and the members of his entour
age sat ud late last night receiving
press and private telegrams from St.
Petersburg. The keenest interest pre
vails here, where Russia is probably
better understood than elsewhere, be
cause of geographical nearness and
close business relationship. While the
is looked upon as one which
proceeded from the hearts of the peo
ple, the Foreign Office does not believe
that it presages a revolution, because
It lacks efficient leadership and is
without adequate support among the
bulk of the people throughout the em
pire. Government control of the tele
graph lines and.railroads makes co
operation of the discontented impos
sible. At the time of the French rev
olution a man could walk from Bor
deaux to Paris, but no one can walk
from Odessa to St. Petersburg and
partake in the events there. The offi
cial view is that, although any friends
of Russia must be sorrowful over the
internal situation, the Russian Gov
ernment dare not drop the reins or
the horses will run away. The Gov
ernment, to avoid anarchy, must act
stringently.
To Return to Porto Rico.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 23.—0f the sixty
Porto Rlcan girls, *ho were brought
here by a manufacturing company as
employes, fifty-one have decided to
take advantage of the company's offer
to pay the expenses of all who wish
to return home.
GRAND DUKE SNEERS
AT PEOPLE'S DEMAND
FOR REPRESENTATION
More Blood to Flow
if Vladimir Has
His Way.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.—The strongest,
crudest, most imperious man in Rus
sia to-day is Grand Duke Vladimir, the
eldest uncle of the czar. On him in
this emergency depends, to a great ex
tent, the fate of the monarchy. He
seeks to save the throne because he
wants to occupy it himself.
From one who knows him, who saw
him daily for months at a time at a
Russian health resort and who has had
long talks with him, the following de
scription comes:
"His countenance did not move a
muscle when he spoke. I noticed that
his eye lids even did not wink for
minutes at a time. His was a face of
iron, betokening a dominating, imperi
ous, fearless character. When I en
tered his apartment in the wake of an
aid, Vladimir was scribbling a note
at a little desk. He Jumped up and
put. out his hand.
" 'How do you do?' he said, in very
good English. Glad to see you. Sit
down.'
"He drew his chair close up to mine.
The aid left the room and we started
to talk about Russian affairs and poli
tics. It was easy to recognize the im
periousness of the man in his sharp,
clear-cut sentences. His bearded face
was shaven at the chin, exposing a
tenacious, iron Jaw that denoted his
strength of character. '*
"He talked with surprising frankness,
revealing that he strongly favored the
expansion of Russia into Manchuria
and the Far East. That policy, which
led to the war with Japan, has been
ascribed to Vladimir, and I knew he
vigorously urged on the Government.
I asked him whether it was true that
the was kept in ignorance of
many things that went on In Russia,
especially in connection With the peo
ple's demand for greater freedom. His
reply was a sneer at the persons who
were foolish enough to believe such re
ports. The rulers of Russia, he said,
knew what was best for the people; the
masses were not fitted yet to control
themselves. I spoke of a conversation
I had had with a Russian official, who
told me that the people could be al
lowed to advance only a step at a time,
because to give them too much free
dom would be to turn their heads and
ruin the country. Vladimir expressed
his agreement with the statement.
"If Vladimir has * free hand the
revolution will be crushed with.an iron
hand, though Russia runs with blood."
SERVICES FOR THE CZAR.
Russians Give Thanks That He Es-
caped Injury In Riots.
Special services were held yesterday
in the Russian Greek Church on
Powell street to give thanks that the
Czar had escaped injury in the St. Pe
tersburg disturbances. Bishop Tikhen
of the local diocese spoke at some
length on the present crisis in Russia.
He gave It as his opinion that the peo
ple had been misguided and failed to
realize the enormity of their actions in
rebelling against the lawful authority
of the state.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist will refund money tfPAZOOINT
MENT falls to cure you In 8 to 14 days. 60c. *
Government Issues Official Statement Explaining
Butcheries by Imperial Troops.
Declares the Riots of Sunday Were Due to
Political Plotters Who Worked Upon the
Fanaticism of the Ignorant Masses.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 23.—Emper
or Nicholas is completely prostrated by
grief. He is reported to be almost In a
State of collapse over the situation. In
the meantime everything awaits his
decision. All the schools are closed.
Every window in Grand Duke Ser
gius' St. Petersburg Palace was broken
by a mob during'the night.
| The story of the events immediately
i preceding and during yesterday's out-
I break, as viewed by omeial'eyes, is giv
j en in the Oiheial Messenger as follows:
"All attempts of the factory inspec-
I tors to pacify the workmen were fruit
| less and every worker of the large
factories joined the strike, which
spread quickly and extended to nearly
ali the works in the city. At the same
time the demands of the men increased
and these were formulated in writing,
mostly by Father Gopon. The employ
ers discussed the demands and decided
that if some of them were satisfied it
could not fail to ruin industry, while
others deserved to be examined and
partially conceded. Furthermore, will
ingness was expressed to negotiate
with the men, but not with the strik
ers' organization. The workmen re
fused to agree to it and violated the
agreements between the masters and
men of the different factories.
REVOLI TIOMSTS TO BLAME.
"As the strike was being conducted
without disturbance of public order, no
repressive measures were adopted and
not a single person was arrested. The
agitation of the workmen's organiza
tion was, however, soon joined by agi
tation of revolutionary circles. On the
morning of January 21 the Workmen's
Association, led by Father Gopon, ap
peared with open revolutionary tend
encies. On Sunday, Father Gopon drew
up a petition of workmen to the Em
peror, which contained, besides de
mands on behalf of the men, insolent
demands of a political character.
Among the workmen verbal and writ
ten notifications were circulated, urging
the necessity for a meeting on January
22 on the Palace Square, In order,
through Father Gopon, to submit the<
petition to the Emperor. One of the
demands was of a political character
and the real purpose of the meeting on
the Palace Square was concealed from
the workmen. Fanatical speeches
which Father Gopon, forgetting his j
clerical dignity, addressed to the men, !
and criminal agitation excited the men
to such an extent that on January 22
large crowds proceeded to the center
of the city.
SERIES OF BLOODY COLLISIONS.
"At some points bloody collisions oc
curred betweeh them and the troops, in
consequence of their refusal to obey
the police regulations, or owing to their
direct attacks on the troops. The lat
ter were obliged to fire in the Schlus
setberg causeway, near the Narva Tri
umphal Gate: in Troitjki Square, and
in the fourth line of the Vasslliostrov
quarter; in the Alexander Gardens, at
the corner of Nevsky " Prospect and
Gogol streets, near the police bridge
and at the Kazan Cathedral. In the
fourth line the populace erected three
barricades of planks and wire. On one
of these a red flag was hoisted. From
the windows of neighboring bouses
shots were fired and stones were
thrown at the military. The crowd
took swords from the policemen and
armed themselves therewith. They pil
laged the Schaff small arm factory and
carried off about a hundred swords, a
large number of which, however, the
police recovered. The crowd destroyed
telegraph wires and knocked down
poles. The municipal building in the•
Second District was attacked and de
molished. In the evening five shops on
the St. Petersburg side were plun
dered."
STRIKE HEADQUARTERS CLOSED.
Interior Minister Sviatopolk-Mirsky
at 11 o'clock this morning telegraphed
orders to close the headquarters of the
Workmen's Union. This was done by
the workmen themselves without police
After the last volley in the Vas
siliostrov quarter at midnight the men
abandoned the few barricades which
they held untir that hour and retired.
The word was passed around by the
leaders to remain quiet for the present.
During the night a fine, damp snow
fell, covering the ugly red stains and
obliterating all traces of the conflict
of yesterday and with the break of
day the city, except for the presence
of troops in the streets, had resumed
its normal appearande. The shops had
reopened and general traffic was par
tially resumed. The men appeared at
work in several of the factories and
mills, including the works of the Rus
sian Westinghouse Company, but the
managers in a majority of eases told
them to remain away for a few days
and that in the meantime they would
receive their pay.
The people generally were nervous
and apprehensive and kept indoors.
The strikers, looking weary and hag
gard after the excitement of yester
day, collected in sullen little groups
in the vicinity of their various head
quarters and yesterday's barricades
awaiting the decision of their leaders
regarding the plan of action. They
were in an ugly mood and broke out
in curses whenever soldiers marched
by.
GCARDS HOLD THE BRIDGES.
An early morning tour by a press
correspondent showed that a cordon
of troops barred the entrance of the
city from the big industrial sections.
The bridges were still held by the
guards regiments, it being rather
strange to see the officers of the Im
perial Guards, the pets of the St.
Petersburg drawing-rooms, riding
thoroughbreds and doing police duty in
the streets around the palace. There
was no. trace of excitement. The big
square which yesterday was filled with
troops was empty, but inside the palace
court, beyond the sight of the passers-
by, a regiment of dragoons and several
companies of infantry were quartered.
Rumors were current that the stri
kers proposed to proclaima general at
tack on property and a reign of an
archy, but the labor leaders denied this
in the most vigorous terms. One of
Father Gopon's lieutenants declared
that the leaders of the strikers had
resolved to preach the gospel of armed
resistance and the overthrow of au
tocracy, but that it did not carry with
It a threat of pillage or an attack on
property.
GOPON EI.l DES THE POLICE.
The police have not yet been able to
locate Father Gopon, though they, are
searching for him everywhere. His
whereabouts is known only to half a
dozen trusted lieutenants, through
whom he issued orders.
No newspapers have appeared since
Friday except the Official Messenger,
containing the Government decrees,
which is printed under military pro
tection at the office of the State Bank,
where the banknotes are issued. Offi
cial accounts of yesterday's affair were
posted on all the bulletin boards. Strik
ers who came to read spat upon them.
As the day advanced the crowds on
Nevsky Prospect increased, but the
police did not allow them to collect.
Squadrons of Cossacks, with lances
and carbines, patrolled the thorough
fares as a reminder of what would
occurr at the least disturbance. A
half regiment of infantry stacked arms
and remained on duty on the Morskaia.
a fashionable boulevard of the city,
and at noon troops were again march
ed into the Palace square, where peo
ple wire once more trying to collect.
All the Grand Dukes' palaces were
strongly guarded.
T HOOPS FED ON STREETS.
St. Petersburg has often witnessed
rioting, clearing the streets of demon
strators and Cossack charges with
whips and sabers, but the bloodshed
of yesterday is unparalleled in its his
tory and the many stories of brutality
told by the populace seem to have con
vinced them that a programme of des
perate blood-letting was planned to
overawe the strikers. This is indig
nantly denied by the authorities, who
protest earnestly that they regret that
the situation compelled such stern
measures. They say order had to be
restored or the city would have fallen
Into the hands of the mob.
The troops received their noon meal
in the streets, steaming camp kitchens
being driven from place to place. An
instance of the perfect military man
agement occurred shortly after 1
o'clock to-day, when there was a dis
turbance on the Palace bridge. A
bugle rang out and in less than a min
ute five squadrons of cavalry emerged
from neighboring streets at a gallop,
charging to the alarm. But the few
obstreperous, half-drunken strikers had
already been overpowered, placed in
sleighs and taken to jails.
GENERAL. BEATEN TO DEATH.
Among the authenticated horrors of
yesterday was the case of an aged
general, whose sledge was stopped by
the infuriated people as he was driving
in the direction of the troops.
"Are you going to order them to fire
on us?" yelled the crowd.
When the general ordered his coach
man to drive on, he was instantly
struck on the head by a well dressed
person in a sable fur coat. The gen
eral was then thrown out of the sledge
and beaten and trampled to death.
There are continued rumors of dis
satisfaction among the troops here. It
Is now reported that in addition to the
Moscow' Guard Regiment, the Finland
and Isrr.alosky regiments declined to
obey orders to fire yesterday.
Toward 5 o'clock, driving up the
Nevsky Prospect, a press correspond
ent saw through the gathering gloom
the blaze of eampflres In the Palace
square, with the dark forms of troop
ers sitting around them.
The Nevsky Prospect Itself was
ablaze with light. Strikers and curi
osity-seekers promenaded the two
miles of sidewalk between the Admi
ralty and the Nicholas station, and
squadrons of hussars and cuirassiers
rode up and down in endless proces
sion. The crowds seemed peaceful
enough, the watchword evidently be
ing "Don't abuse the troops." The
only shouts heard were a few isolated
hurrahs.
CITY THROWN INTO DARKNESS.
Suddenly the electric lights in the
upper section, between the bazaar
called Gostinny Dvor and the Nicholas
station, were extinguished, and the
thoroughfare was plunged without
warning into utter darkness, which
was not relieved even by the lights in
shop windows, as all the stores were
closed. The scene was. weird and
funereal. The driver at first refused
to move on, fearing some hidden dan
ger, but he finally was persuaded to
proceed, exclaiming with Russian
stoicism: "One can die only once."
A deathly silence prevailed, height
ened by the rustle of hundreds of feet
on the snow-clad sidewalks, the muf
fled tread of looming squadrons and
the lugubrious hammering of- shop
keepers, taking precautions against
possible attack by boarding up the
windows of their stores with rough
lumber. The curious hastily scurried
in adjoining streets, finding their way
home as best they could through the
inky darkness. Only a fringe of sul
len strikers and rough characters re
mained, the police warning all to get
home as soon as possible.
TROOPS USE FLATS OF SABERS.
The only bright spot was a blase of
light from one of the courtyards of
the Annilchkoff Palace, whence the
Empress Dowager yesterday fled to
Tsarskoe-Selo. Beyond stood the
dark, grim palace of Grand Duke Ser
gius.
The crowd was particularly dense
around the approaches to the Nicholas
station. Here, in the darkness, mau
rauders attacked a few news venders'
stalls, but a grim' row of infantry
around the station buildings effectu
ally discouraged violence. Other dis
turbers broke numerous windows in
the Gostinny Dvor and the Kiosk at
the corner of the Annilchkoff Palace
garden. A bench torn up from the
adjoining park was placed In the
roadway In the hope that it might
trip up cavalry. Some policemen
were roughly handled and disarme"d
in side streets, but there was no firing.
As the correspondent drove down' the
Nevsky Prospect, troopers were clear
ing the sidewalks of loiterers, using
the flats of their sabers and causing a
general stampede.
This continued until 9 o'clock to
night, when the lights were again
turned on and revealed the Nevsky
Prospect almost deserted.
DEEP CONCERN IN VIENNA.
Belief Expressed That Revolutionary
Spirit Will Not Down.
VIENNA, Jan. 23.—The occurrences
of Sunday in St. Petersburg have made
the deepest impression here upon all
classes and are practically the sole top
ic of discussion at the principal cafes
and clubs. There being no Sunday aft
ernoon papers here, the people did not
learn the full story of the St. Peters
! burg riots until this morning. A few
! of the newspapers here posted bulletins
Sunday afternoon outside their build
ings, but these were read by compara
tively few, most of the Viennese being
then in the cafes, theaters or conceit
halls.
This morning the papers published
extra editions with black head lines,
most of them reading "Revolution has
broken out In St. Petersburg." The
afternoon newspapers print page after
page of St. Petersburg dispatches,
practically excluding all other news.
The lack of a repressive censorship in
Russia and the fact that the whole
story apparently was telegraphed from
St. Petersburg were much commented
upon and declared to be unprecedented.
The St. Petersburg occurrences were
called "A full-fledged revolution," "A
day of terror" and "Bloody Sunday." „
The feeling prevails in anti-Russian
quarters that open revolution has be
gun and that there is no telling where
it will end. All the members of Jhe .
Russian legation were at the Embassy
I all day anxiously reading and discuss
ing the news received from the news
papers or brought in by diplomats.
Diplomatic circles here are deeply
concerned over the St. Petersburg
news. It is believed, however, that the
present disorder will soon be put down
by the troops now in St. Petersburg,
but in some quarters it is thought that
in so doing It will only increase the bit
terness of the rage of the people and In
no wise help the situation or put a stop
to the growth of the revolutionary
spirit.
All the newspapers comment on the
occurrences in St. Petersburg as ex
tremely serious and deeply significant,
and the movement of the people of St.
Petersburg toward the Winter Palace
is compared to the march of the people
of Paris on Versailles in 1789. It is de
clared; the Emperor's answering the
peoples petition with bullets will irre
trievably widen the breach between
him and his subjects.
The newspapers also publish sketches
of the lives of Emperor Nicholas,
Father Gopon and many of the higher
Russian officials at considerable length.
ELDER IS TURNED OVER
TO THE UNDERWRITERS
Owners Accept Insurance and Waive
Their Rights In the Wrecked
Vessel.
PORTLAND, Jan. 23.—The steam
ship George W. Elder, which sunk In
the Columbia River yesterday, has
been turned over to the insurance un
derwriters, her owners, the Harriman
interests, preferring to accept the in
surance rather than keep the wreck
and take the chances of raising her.
The crew has been paid off and the
officers have gone to San Francisco to
take charge of the steamer Costa Rica*
which will be placed on the run.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HE FOUND IT
Just as Recommended.
"I bought a fifty-cent package of
Pyramid Pile Cure from my druggist
and have used two dollar packages
since. I find them just as you recom
mended them to be. I have not felt
the least sign of piles since using your
remedy three months ago. If you want
to use my name you may do so, as I
feel like a new man. I now have no
trouble with the dreadful, aggravat
ed disease.
"I meant to write you sooner, but
thought I would wait until I was
cured. I thank you for your wonderful
Pile Cure. I was a great sufferer from
piles." Fred Deerr, R. F. D. 4, New
Brunswick, N. J.
Seldom, if ever, is there any doubt
about the effect produced by the use
of Pyramid Pile Cure, as Is shown
by the experience given above. The
proprietors of this remedy have thous
ands of similar letters on file, and
surely no better proof of the merit of
the preparation could be asked; when
it is borne in mind that these letters
are wholly unsolicited, there is cer
tainly cause for pride in the remedy.
Pyramid Pile Cure is sold by drug- '
gists for fifty cents a package, and if
yours hasn't it he will get It for you
if asked to do so. Accept ho sub
stitutes, and remember there is no oth
er remedy "just as good." Every one is
urged to write Pyramid Drug Co
Marshall, Mich., for their little book
describing the causes and cure of piles,
as it affords much useful information
and is sent free for the asking.REVOLUTIONISTS ORGANIZE PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENT
COTERIE OF LEADERS HOPE TO RULE THE RUSSIAS
AFTER OVERTHROWING ROMANOFF DYNASTY.
UTILIZING THE STRIKE TO GAIN POWER
i- • •
' Foreign Nations Are Warned Against Making Loans
That Are Certain to Be Repudiated.
Special Cable to The Call and New V ork Herald. Copyright, 1905, by the New York Herald Publishing Company.
LQNDON. Jan. 23.—Telegraphing
from St. Petersburg at 11 o'clock to
night the Daily Chronicle correspond
ent says:
"The revolution has begun in earn
est. As I write the capital is literally
a city of dreadful night. All lights
have been extinguished and the streets
are in complete darkness. The tramp
and clatter of soldiers armed to the
teeth who patrol the streets mingle
with the sound of occasional shots and
detonation of deeper and more sinister
explosions, for revolution challenged j
with massacre has replied with dyna
mite,
'.'Everywhere In the suburbs where
there-are soldiers or public buildings
bombs are being thrown. A state of
siege prevails and orders have been
iesued that the people who leave their
houses do so at the risk of being shot.
"Many frightened inhabitants are
fleeing from the city or barricading
themselves in their homes. Others are
marooned in hotels, but the strikers—
or revolutionists, as they may now be
called—are gathering in the streets and
the wildest rumors are circulated.
TROOPS BEATEN BACK.
.'"Armed men are reported to be
marching to their aid from various
quarters. Twelve thousand strikers
from the Capiloff works, sixteen miles
away, are said to have beaten back a
detachment of troops told off to deal
with them and to be advancing on St.
Petersburg.
"A bomb has been thrown among a
rtglment of Cossacks near the Winter
Palace and the revolutionists are hour
ly growing bolder.
"There seems every prospect of a
great revolution and this unhappy city
is threatened with a reign of terror
that may equal that of the French
revolution.
"The Dowager Empress, that relent
less Opponent of reform, who might
parallel Louis XVI, has fled, and the
dynasty's one hope is that the troops j
an-'still stanch. It is hell in rebellion, '
with, Satan trying to extinguish the fire \
v. :th his hoofs."
There exists in St. Petersburg to-day \
FIND JEWELS
UNDER A TREE
Gems Worth $35,000 Stolenj
From New York Broker;
Are Recovered by Police!
* ✓
• Special DisrtaUh to The CaW.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23.—Under aj
lone pepper tree in the Hotel Raymond*!
grounds, Pasadena, was found to-night
the- $35,000 worth of diamonds stolen ;
fr6m Mr. and Mrs. William S. Edey of j
New York at the Hotel Maryland. The
gems had been buried there by the j
• three young thieves. The sweatbox
. brpught a confession of the location j
• from one of them.
• Jn addition to James Doyle, head bell - ;
boy and supposed chief robber, two!
.other bellboys, John Morgan and Karl j
• Wilson, were arrested to-night. The i
details of the crime as the detectives
have now traced it make a story for j
Conan Doyle. The perpetrators origin- :
. ally came to Pasadena from St. Louis j
and worked in several hotels, finally
getting together at the Maryland. Day j
after day they patiently watched for j
the opportunity, and finally, when Mrs. j
Edey failed to leave her treasures in i
the safe Friday evening, they got them. I
* • '
NEW ZEALANDERS PREFER
PIGEONS TO THE CABLE
Islanders Largely Refuse to Give Up
; . •. Old Method of Sending Mes
sages to Australia.
TACOMA, Jan. 23.—The people of I
New Zealand have largely refused to
' patronize the cable recently opened be
tween New Zealand and Australia be
cause they prefer the old method of
sending their messages by carrier
. I'lgpon. C. C. Buckland, who is en
' route home to Auckland via Vancouver,
says this Is not surprising when one
• realizes to what an extent New Zea
ianders have depended on pigeons to
carry their messages in years past.
He declares that the pigeon service to
this time has given a great deal more
. {Satisfaction than the cable.
The breeding of pigeons is a regular
business in New Zealand. Pigeon rac
ing is a national pastime and in racing
them the winners are timed to the frac
tion of a second.
ROUVIER ANNOUNCES
HIS CABINET LIST
Ministers Selected to Take Up the
Burden Laid Down by
Combes Faction.
PARIS, Jan. 23.—Following is the list
of the new Cabinet Ministers as finally
.arranged: President' of the Council
and Minister of Finance, M. Rouvier;
?»linister of Justice, M. Chaumie; Min
ister of. Foreign Affairs, M.* Delcasse;
Minister of the Interior, M. Etienne;
Minister of War, M. Berteaux; Minis
ter of Marine, M. Thomson; Minister
of Colonies, M. Clemenceau; Minister
of Public Works, Armant Geauthier;
Minister of Public Instruction. M. Bien
venu Martin; Minister of Commerce,
M. dv Bief; Minister of Agriculture,
M. Ruau. Under secretaries—Fine
Arts, Dajardin Beaumetz; Finance, M
. Merlou; Posts and Telegraphs, M. Ber
nard.
•
a body of men who look upon them- i
■elves aa the future provisional gov
ernment of Russia. Interesting details
of the revolutionary movement gener
ally are given by a special correspond
ent of the Daily Telegraph, who com
pares the development of the situation
to the gathering of a storm.
HOPE TO RULE RUSSIA.
"It is," he says, "the result of the
operation of natural laws. The part
ascribable to conscious effort is in
j finitesimal. No single actor in the
j drama had a conception of the whole
play, and most of them would indig- i
nantly throw up their parts if they I
had an inkling of the significance of j
the work they are engaged in. It was j
| thus the Russian Jacobin Club sprang |
j up. At first fifteen or twenty journal- j
; ists and literary men grouped them- I
selves about M. Hessen, editor of a
weekly journal, the Pravo, and met in
the office of the daily paper in the Nev
sky Prospect, where I was wont to
! visit them. There they discussed top
ics for articles in the journal and politi
cal events generally, around a little
green table in a small room.
"Last Friday morning the private af
fairs of newspapers had already merged
themselves in the public affairs of the
nation, and fifty or sixty persons as
•enabled to discuss the situation. On !
Saturday, at noon, some eighty repre- j
sentative men, with a fair sprinkling of j
women, had gathered in a large back j
room lighted by two shaded electric i
j lights. There they sat around a long J
I table, trying to figure out the destinies ;
of Russia.
ORGANIZATION PERFECTED. I
"On Saturday night some two hun- !
dred men and women, representing all j
j shades of liberal opinion, had come to- '
| gether, and Annensky, Avho had been j
I banished by Yon Plehwe and recalled ;
!by Prince Mirsky, was unanimously )
elected president. M. Lessen of Odessa, I
' who was dragged away from his uni- I
j studies to exile in the Far!
North, where he studied English and j
j read law books for five years, but is I
WANT BETTER
MEN FOR SHIPS
Livernash and Furuseth of
San Francisco Have Talk
With the Chief Executive
*
Special Dispatch la The Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
j WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.—Representa
j five Liverrmsh of California and An
\ drew Furuseth of the Seamen's Union
iof San Francisco called on the Presi
', dent to-day to talk about the under
-1 manning of steamships on both the
I Atlantic and the Pacific. They say
j that this has become a serious evil and
; ought to be provided against. The
steamboat inspection service is now en
' gaged in the preparation of new rules
! and regulations for thp protection of
; life and property at sea, and the Presi
i dent was asked to see that in these new
\ regulations are included a standard of
I individual efficiency. It is asserted
; that many steamships of this country
j are manned by men Avho are not able
! seamen, and that a standard should
i be fixed that will determine a man's flt-
J ness to take service on a vessel. The
I Californians cited the terrible accident
; on the General Slocum and that on the
! Rio Janeiro off the Golden Gate a num
i ber of years ago as Instances of in-
I efficient seamanship.
The President will take the matter
j under consideration. Later he had a
! talk on the subject with George Uhler,
I the supervising general of the steam-
I boat inspection service.
COMMENDS SOUTHERN WOMAN
NAMED TO BE POSTMASTER
President Gives Appointment to
Widow of Governor Stone of
Mississippi.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.—The fol
lowing statement regarding the nomi
nation of Mrs. Mary Stone to be post
master at luka, Miss., was issued at
the White House to-day:
"Mrs. Mary Stone, whose nomination
a« postmaster at luka, Miss., has been
sent to the Senate, is the widow of the
late J. M. Stone, one of the most popu
lar chief executives Mississippi has ever
had. He served as Governor for twelve
years, a longer term than that of any
other occupant of the office.
"Mrs. Stone is a worthy woman, and
j will creditably fill the position to which
j she has been appointed."
TRUSTEES OF SAUSALITO
CALL SPECIAL ELECTION
Voters Are to Decide Whether Town
Shall Own Its Water
Supply.
SAUSALITO, Jan. 23.—4 The Board
i of Town Trustees has issued a call
for an election to decide whether the
town shall issue bonds in the sum of
$100,000 for the purpose of acquiring
municipal water works. The question
will be submitted to the vote of the
people February 21. The residents of
this city are greatly pleased at the
move made by the Trustees and at the
election a heavy vote is predicted In
favor of the Issue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 24., 1905.
j now an editor, a lawyer and a trusted
leader of the Liberals, is ready to head
deputations to Witte or Prince Mirsky,
or to undertake any human mission
confided to him by the people.
"On Sunday night, when the com
mittee had possession of the hall of
the Imperial Economic Society, about
1000 persons were present, but there
I was no directing head and, therefore,
no unity of action, and the attitude of
thf assembly was expectant and fatal
istic.
"I asked a prominent member why
they had no permanent committee. He
shrugged his shoulders; but another,
who casually heard me, said there
would be one soon, and to-day a body
of men is constituted who regard
themselves as the future provisional
government of Russia.
PLAYING A DESPERATE GAME.
"As yet they are political ciphers,
who hope that a sudden stroke of luck
may provide them with means to over
throw the present regime and place
the reins of power in their hands. If
they succeed, they will, for the time
being, be identical with Russia. If
they fail they may, as they themselves
admit, wander to Siberia or descend
into the tomb.
"I am not permitted to make any
statement respecting the personality
of these men, beyond the remark that
they are not adventurers, but men of
standing, whose names are widely
known and deeply respected here and
abroad, .and they have requested me to
give publicity to the following remark
able statement of their financial pol
ity:
"They are prepared to respect Rus
sian traditions and pay interest punc
tually on all loans heretofore nego
tiated, and will leave nothing undone
to avoid repudiation, the curtailment
of interest or any measures that
would run counter to obligations un
dertaken by the imperial government;
but every foreign loan contracted after
Sunday, January 22, 1905, they will
unhesitatingly repudiate, because no
nation can now lend to the Russian
government in good faith."
PRISON CELL
HOLDS LAWYER
Prominent Attorney of Los
Angeles Is Arrested on ;i
Charge of Forging Deeds
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23.—A. Groves,
an attorney, who has practiced here
two years, was arrested this evening at
the instigation of the District Attor
ney, on charges of wholesale forging
and swindling all along the coast. He
is said to have uttered false deeds to
dozens of pieces of property with dor
mant titles, sold and resold them, and
victimized scores of purchasers in San
Francisco, Portland and Los Angeles
to the extent of thousands of dollars.
That the documents were forged has
been proven and the seemingly endless
chain of bogus titles has been traced
link by link until the most damaging
evidence against Groves has been se
cured. Several warrants will be issued
for him In the morning.
It is believed he has several accom
plices, as the operations charged to him
were too extensive for one man to
carry on. In all the deals P. Hackett
and A. Langworthy figure prominently
—at least on the paper—and Groves
claims they are his sisters-in-law. They
cannot be found and the officials claim
no such persons exist.
Mrs. Annetta A. Pullen of Lowell.
Mich., has owned certain lots here for
years, but by chance the records were
found to show that H. Hill of Port
land, Ore., apparently owned them, a
deed executed in 1883 and recorded in
November, 1904, being found. Groves
claimed to be the attorney for Hill,
and he declared the property was sold
to H. Langdon of the Palace Hotel,
San Francisco. Detectives found the
document had been mailed to Lang
don. care of box 144, Station C, City,
November 15. The box belongs to
Groves. Mrs. Pullen never deeded the
lots to any one.
This is a sample of the many pe
culiar transactions charged to Groves,
there being nearly always San Fran
cisco and Portland connections. It is
supposed there are confederates in
those places. Groves is said to have
been several years in San Francisco,
and his record there is .being looked
up.
In Portland the names used in ac
knowledgments have been investigat
ed and found to be those of real
notaries, but the seals are thought to
have been duplicated and forged.
CALIFORNIA PLAYERS
NOT PROPERLY DRAFTED
CINCINNATI. Jan. 23.—Overall was
not properly drafted by the Cincinnatt
National League Club, and Graham's
draft by the Detroit American League
Club does not hold, according to a de
cision announced to-day by the Na
tional Baseball Commission, which
denies a petition of Detroit for a re
opening of the draft against the Ta
coma club of the Pacific Coast
League. Those players had non-re
serve contracts with the Tacoma club
and that club, therefore, loses no play
ers by draft, although Overall goes to
Cincinnati on a new contract
ONLY A STRIKERS' RIOT,
ACCORDING TO CASSINI
Russian Embassador Saus It Does
Not Mean a Revolution.
JUSTIFIES THE FIRING UPON THE MOBS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.—Count Cas
sini. the Russian Embassador, has had
no official confirmation from St. Peters
burg about the* riots there, but in a
conversation to-night with a represen
tative of the press the Embassador, af
ter reading the afternoon dispatches,
said:
"Human life is sacred the world over
and nowhere more so than in Russia,
but it should be remembered that the
public peace is of predominating im
portance and vigorous measures are
some times necessary to preserve or
der. This is the situation in the Rus
sian capital. There is a great indus
trial strike in progress. Because their
demands have not been forthwith
granted the strikers, as strikers in
every country have done, have en
deavored 10 storm the Emperor's own
palace in an effort to gain an audience
with his Majesty. The troops ordered
them to stop outside the gates and the
crowd refused. The troops then fired a
volley of blank cartridges, and on came
the crowd. There was oniy one thing
to be done —to fire with ball cartridges.
That stopped the strikers and they fled
in every direction.
"There is a great deal of difference
between a riot and a revolution, and
Americans will make a great mistake
if they infer from the stories of dis
turbances that the demonstration is
revolutionary, or even hostile to the
war. The love of a great people for
their sovereign is not wiped out by the
cries of a few brawlers. It will be
found when public order has been re
stored that the traditional and ancient
affection of the 'tussian people for
their Emperor still abides.
"When violence has been suppressed
and order restored the strikers, through
the proper channels, will be given a
hearing; their demands will be con
sidered and all that with Justice and
expediency can be done in their be
half will be forthcoming.
"Strikes occur In every country. No
country appreciates this more, per
haps, than the I'nited States, and in
no country would an attack upon the
head of the country's ruler be repelled
more quickly than in your own.
"You have asked me for a word of
comment upon the press dispatches—
for, as you know, 1 have no official ad
vices. I can only say that It is an
unfortunate conditiea of affairs, which,
I hope, soon will be relieved. The
demonstrations are not against the
war; there is no revolution in Russia,
nor will there be."
The State Department has received
no word from its representatives
abroad regarding the outbreak in St.
Petersburg yesterday. While trouble
of some kind had fully been expected
to follow the formulation of the work
ingmen's demands in St. Petersburg
and the attempt to present them to the
Czar, the officials here were generally
of the opinion that serious conse
quences might be averted by the ex
ercise of diplomacy on the part of the
Czar's advisers and it was not sup
posed that the workingmen would by
absolutely shut out from access to the
Czar. It was believed that the Czar
would receive some committee to avoid
his coming into contact with the mob,
which would, it is believed, have satis
fied the petitioners, even though the
substance of their requests was de
nied.
♦
PROBLEM BEYOND CZAR.
Andrew D. White Discusses the Sit
uation in Russia.
TTHACA, N. V.. Jan. 23.—Andrew D.
White, former Embassador to Russia,
one of the best informed Americans on
Russian affairs, to-day made the fol
lowing statement in regard to the situ
ation In St. Petersburg:
"If the Czar is a weak man. as the
present Emperor is, he can do very lit
tle. A weak man cannot know any
thing about the empire to speak of, be
cause he is surrounded by Grand
Dukes, women, etc.. who tell him what
they want him to believe and keep all
the truth away from him, which they
do not wish him to hear."
"The main difficulty in the whole case
is that the Emperor is supposed to do
all the thinking for 410,000,000 people
scattered over the largest territory pos
sessed by any government in the world,
with all sorts of .different races, relig
ions and Ideas, and this no man can do,
and least of all in a time like this.
"The simple fact is that the evils of
the old system have now become abso
lutely intolerable. And when you add
to that fact the sending of immense
numbers of the best young men in the
country to an utterly useless and
wicked war, and the pressure of taxa
tion which grinds the people to the
dust, you have a situation which none
but the very strongest rulers in all
human history can cope with. The
Czar has no strength of character, no
proper education and is hopelessly un
fit to grapple with the situation.
"No doubt the worst of the features
of the situation have been kept from
him."
White said it was not likely the ad
visers of the Emperor would try to
follow out the policy of Emperor Nich
olas I, who had the ringleaders of the
insurrection of eighty years ago shot,
hanged or sent to Siberia. He did not
believe, however, that important
changes In Russia could long be de
layed.
WOMEN AND CHILDREN SLAIN.
French Eyewitnesses Describe the At
tacks Upon the Mob.
PARIS. Jan. 28.—The tragedy in
St. Petersburg continues to absorb at
tention here. The students of the law
school attempted to make a demon
stration this morning. The course of
studies was interrupted by mingled
cries and hisses and later the students
paraded without serious incident.
Dispatches from Marseilles an
nounce that the presence there of a
number of revolutionists and anarch
ists has been reported to the Russian
embassy here.
Special dispatches from St. Peters
burg to the Paris newspapers give
supplementary details of yesterday's
fighting. Buzajicy telegraphs to the
Petit Journal that he was an eyewit
ness of a fight in the Vasailiostrov dis
trict. The soldiers, he said, fired vol
ley after volley and then used their
bayonets. He saw a hundred strikers
lying on the ground there.
Other French eyewitnesses declare
they saw women and children among
those who were shot down. One child
of eight was terribly disfigured by a
rush of soldiery.
POPE PRAYS FOR RUSSIA.
Hopes the Situation Is Not aa Black
as Reports Indicate.
ROME, Jan. 23. —The Pope received
to-day in private audience O. M.
Narychkino, the .new Russian Minis
ter, accredited to the Vatican, with
his wife and daughters. The Pope is
ardently praying for the pacification
of Russ'a.
Reports received at the Vatican
from Russia say that, notwithatand-
ing the efforts of their Bishops, the
Catholics are excited and it is im
possible to keep them from participat
ing in the popular movements, espe
cially in Poland, where every part of
the lower clergy has Joined the people.
The Pope was most distressed at the
news contained in the latest dispatches
communicated to him by Papal Secre
tary Merry del Val, and expressed the
hope that the internal situation in
Russia was not so black as depicted.
RUSSIAN SECURITIES FALL.
Decline Less Than Expected Due to
Government Support.
BERLIN, Jan. 23.—0n the Boerse
here to-day Russian securities fell
heavily, though there was not a pan
icky movement. The heaviest drop in
Russian Government bonds was in
fours of 18S9, which lost 2.60. New 4>%s
dropped 1.25 till the close. Four of 1902
closed. .25 below Saturday's figures.
These quotations showed reductions
less than was expected, Russia's finan
cial representatives here having sup
ported the market through the inter
vention of buying Petersburg
having sent better quotations than
were expected.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 23—The sit
uation was reflected on the Bourse to
day in a semi-panic in industrial
shares. The Government energetically
supported Imperial 4s and prevented a
slump.
SLAVINI A MYTHICAL CITY.
BrHon's Report of a Revolt of Clr-
eassians Lacks Authenticity.
LONDON, Jan. 23. —Nothing is
known of the report from Constanti
nople which has reached Captain Cul
len of the Imperial Marine Association
of Tokio, now in Victoria, B. C, to
the effect that 1500 Circassians have
revolted and killed the Russian Gov
ernor at Slavini in the Caucasus and
that Russians and Turks in large
numbers are crossing the frontier into
the Caucasus to spread revolution into
Tiflis province, the capital of which,
Tiflis, is alleged to be in a state of
siege.
The gazetteers available do not
mention Slavini, in the Caucasus or
elsewhere. t
WEALTHY LOS ANGELANS
IN THE MILK BUSINESS
Men of Means Incorporate for Pur
pose of Conducting Novel Dairies
hi South.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23.—Some of
the rich men of Los Angeles have
gone into the milk business, and on a
scale so extensive that they will soon
practically handle the product for
the entire city. Thousands of dollars
of their capital are to be poured into
the enterprise for providing one big
milk distributing system.
The chief novelty in the new enter
prise in to be a model baby's milk
farm, under the care of a veterinary
surgeon and caretaker instructed in
dairy schools. White-tiled receiving
depots, white-robed employes, white
painted delivery wagons and white
coated drivers are to be used.
The combine has a capital stock of
Jf.00,000. It will handle 40,000 quarts
of milk dally. The men interested
are Dr. F. W. Greff, W. F. Botsford,
Dr. Walter Lindsay, F. C. Bolt and L.
C. Torrance.
BELGIAN COAL MINERS
STRIKE IN SYMPATHY
Desire to Aid the Cause of the Ger
mans Who Have Quit
Work.
BRUSSELS. Jan.-23.—A strike of coal
miners has been declared in the Mons
district, in sympathy with the German
strikers. It is feared the trouble will
extend to other districts.
COLOGNE, Germany, Jan. 23.—The
strikers, who now number nearly 220,
-000,-are simply awaiting the Influence
of public opinion on the coal mine pro
prietors and the efforts of the Govern
ment to assist in the settlement. No
disturbances are reported. Consider
able quantities of coal from Belgium,
France and Great Britain are coming
In. A general cessation of the coal
using industries is rot likely in the im
mediate future.
SLAV ADMIRAL BITTERLY
DENOUNCES STOESSEL
Accuses Him of Cowardice
General Kondratenko the Real Hero of
the Port Arthur Defense.
TOKIO, Jan. 28.—A Russian ad
miral who has ivpt joined the prison
ers from Port Arthur now in Japan
baa given to the press an extended
statement covering the defense and
surrender of the fortress. He char
acterizes the surrender before the
garrison had reached its extremity as
a disgrace, bitterly criticizes General
Stoessel and lauds Major General Kon- .
dratenko, commander of the Seventh J
East Siberian Rifle Brigade, as the .
t r ue hero of the defense of Port ;
Arthur. *
The admiral says that Vice Admiral •
Makaroff, who commanded the Rus- j
sian squadron at Port Arthur and who .
went down with the battleship Petro- j
pavlovsk on April 13, dictated the pol- !
icy of inactivity on the part of the I
sguadron, taking the ground that it
would be hopeless, owing to the in- I
feriority of the Russian msyal strength, j
to engage the fleet of Vice Admiral t
Togo-, and that it would be unwise to j
divide the force defending Port Arthur
by running ships to Vladivostok or to j
neutral ports. The admiral admits
tiiat bitter friction existed between the I
army and navy, and intimates that*!
there is a possibility of inquiry into
this matter by court martial. He in
sists that the Russians destroyed their
warships at Port Arthur beyond any
possibility of salvage by the Japanese.
BITTER TOWARD STOESSEL.
"I am sorry to say that from the
first General Stoessel proved to be in
cupable," said the admiral. "Though
in full comrfland, he never visited the
fighting positions during the lifetime
of General Kondratenko. Kondraten
ko was not only the life of the .de
fense, but he possessed in a large
measure the quality of peacemaker.
He intervened in all cases of trouble
and always eloquently pleaded the
cause of the Emperor and the neces
sity for defense, and these he placed
above private differences. His cease
less energy, patience and courage won
the confidence of the higher officers of
bcth the army and navy, and likewise
of the common soldiers. Fortunately
foi the defense, he was able in, large
measure to direct its policy. Stoessel
left much to him, and the officers of
the navy recognized in him the one
man capable of fusing the discordant
elements. «
"By day and by night General Kon
dratenko visited every portion of the
position and constantly risked his life.
He was our inspiration. No Russian
need be ashamed of the defense made
by the garrison while Kondratenko
lived.
SURRENDER A DISGRACE.
•It is difficult for a Russian officer
to talk about the end. It was worse
than a mistake-it was a disgrace. The
fortress could easily have held out for
another month, as it had food'and am
munition sufficient for that period, and
if Kondratenko had remained alive it
would have held out for months longer.
"In Kondratenko the garrison not
only lc-st a leader, but the one man who
had the ability and the power, through
his tremendous earnestness, to control
Stoessel.
"For nearly two weeks known
among the officers that Stoessel and his
chief of staff, Relss, who was incom
petent, were preparing to surrender.
Through Stoessel's servants the sol
diers became aware of what was com
ing, and, brave as they were, the
knowledge destroyed their enthusiasm.
"At a council of war he three days
before capitulation, at which twenty
two of the higher offi:eirs of the army
and navy were present, General Stoes
sel represented that if Port Arthur
were taken by assaul. there would be
fighting in the streets and possibly a
massacre. He mentioned the women
and children of the garrison and said
he thought it was the duty of the
council to avoid such a possibility.
Notwithstanding these representations,
only three officers—Chief of Staff Reiss
and two others —favored capitulation.
NOTE TO NOGI UNEXPECTED.
"Stoessel's note to General Wogi came
without warning, and the word 'sur
prise' inadequately expresses our con
dition after the sentiment of the ma
jority council had been ex
pressed. the officers said and
felt and how the men thought and be
haved will all be known later; but I
say now, and I believe, that the major
ity of the officers of the garrison will
support me, that the capitulation of the
fortress was a disgrace to R*ussla.
"We never feared a Japanese attempt |
to take the forts by assault. The Rus
sian soldiers were always anxious to
meet the Japanese at close quarters,
and even at the last our men were con
fident of their superiority with the
bayonet.
"The Japanese behaved excellently
when they entered Port Arthur, and
there was no suggestion of disorder or
lawlessness.
"I came as a prisoner to Japan be
cause I felt it to be my duty to share
the destinies of our men. I do not
criticize those who gave their parole,
but I bel'eve that I would be dishon
ored if I returned to Russia after do
ing so."
REFUGEES PRAISE JAPANESE.
CHEFU, Jan. 23.—Thirteen junks,
containing 500 men, women and chil
dren, after a passage of sixty hours
from Port Arthur, arrived here to-day.
The passengers were immediately sent
on board the British steamship Muen
chen, which has been chartered by the
Russian Government to take them
home.
All of the Russians speak highly of
the consideration shown by the Jap
anese after the fortress capitulated, and
the majority of them look upon their
long wait on the shores of Pigeon Bay,
without shelter, as being unavoidable.
The refugees say that since the first
few days following the surrender of
Port Arthur, there has practically been
no looting, the Japanese officials deal
ing sternly with all offenders. The
Chinese were more culpable in this re
spect than the Japanese, who generally
confined themselves to taking small
articles, which they,, probably wanted
chiefly as souvenirs.
LAST WORD TO GARRISON.
One of the passengers arriving on the
Junks to-day brought a copy of Gen
eral Stoessel's final proclamation to the
garrison, dated January 2. In it the
Russian commander reviews the glori
ous record of the defenders and refers
to the slow, resistless tightening of the
Japanese cordon, to the ceaseless rain
of great shells, which he say nothing
could resist, and to the utter exhaustion
of the resisting power of the fortress.
"It Is apparent," the proclamation
says, "that further resistance would be
merely daily murder. / It is the duty of
every commander tpjavoid the useless
sacrifice of lives. It is not hard to die
for one's country, but I must be brave
enough to surrender."
In concluding. General Stoessel said
that the fortress had done its work.
There was no longer a fleet to be pro
tected. A vast Japanese army had been
crushed, it was pointed out. and kept
I frcm Joining the armies in Manchuria
against General Kuropatkin. General
Stoessel thanked officers, soldiers and
civilians for their devotion, and then
announced his surrender, "with fuil
consciousness of the sacred duty I per
form."
MANY LOST IN RAID.
Kuropatkin Reports on the Dash
Made by Mlstchenko.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 23.—1n a
dispatch from General Kuropatkin to
Emperor Nicholas, dated January 22.
additional details are given of General
Mistchenko's raid of January 10 to 14.
General Kurotfatkin mentions a num
ber of officers who distinguished them
selves by bravery before Yinkow, and
gives the total losses for the four days
as seven officers and 73 men killed and
32 officers and 257 men wounded and 21
men missing. General Kuropatkin says
the raid caused the greatest alarm in
the Japanese rear guard.
DEATH SUDDENLY CALLS
ARMLESS SHOTGUN EXPERT
Young Man Noted for Skill as Marks*
man Is Found Dead in Sutter
County.
MARYSVILLE, Jan. 23.—Charles
Baird, the armless shotgun expert,
was found dead near Vernon, Sutter
County, to-day. A Coroner's inquest
was held and a verdict of death from
natural causes was returned. Baird
was born in Illinois twenty-eight years
ago. Although minus both arms he
was an expert marksman. He won
many shooting contests throughout
the State.
Death of Bridge Builders.
SEATTLE, Jan. 23.—Donald Me-
Lean Brown, president of the Seattle
Bridge Company, died suddenly to
day, after an illness of but a few days,
the result of a general breakdown
from overwork. Brown had lived in
Seattle since 1877 and was widely
known in the Northwest as a builder
of docks and bridges.
Countess Buxhoewden Dies.
NICE, France, Jan. 23.—The Count
ess Buxhoewden, 'nee McKnight of
Bordentown, N. J., died to-day.
DOAN'S POLLS.
ASK YOURNEIGHBOR
Huuflreds of San Francisco
Glens Can Tell Yon
All Auont It.
Home indorsement, the public ex
pression of San Francisco people,
should be evidence beyond dispute
for every San Francisco reader.
Surely the experience of friends and
neighbors, cheerfully given by them,
will carry more weight than the ut
terances of strangers residing in far
away places. Read the following:
James E. Brown, contracting painter, «
of 17 Capp street, says: "A man at
my occupation requires a good,
sound back. If that part of his an
atomy is weak, lame or aching,
every move of the brush brings tor
ture. Besides, the ingredients used
in my calling act directly on the
kidneys and aggravate those organs
if''they are overexcited. The first
box of Doan's Kidney Pills brought
me such relief that I bought several
more and continued the treatment
until the last attack disappeared."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo. N. V..
sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
TEETH OF CHILDREN
Few mothers know how vitally important
is the care of a child's first teeth. The
beauty of the permanent set depends almost
entirely upon it.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
used with SOZODONT Liquid, prevents .
accumulation of tartar, yet being free from
grit does not scratch the enamel. Do not
experiment on baby's teeth. Insist an
SOZODONT.
« FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER, PACTS. *
3_4
CATTLEMEN
WILL FIGHT
FOR LANDS
Sheep Not Wanted
in the Valleys ol
the Ml
»
Armed Men Are Prepared
to Stop March ol tlie
Mutton Raisers.
Threaten to Kill Fleecy Animals if
Owners Try to Make Use of
the Pasturage.
Special Dispatch to The Cull.
• LOS ANGELES, Jan. 28.—Fighting
between the cattle men and sheep men
is the hourly dread of Antelope Val
ley. Many sheep men are bringing
• their docks from Inyo and other coun
ties north for pasture. The cattle men
are armed and keeping a grim lookout
and a bloody clash is expected. Thou
sands of sheep are known to be on the
way to the grassy slopes between Lan
caster and Palmdale, which the south
ern stockmen claim. They say they
will shoot down all the wool and mut
ton men who try to intrude. The lat
ter declare they will have the grass.
Yesterday morning word came that a
large band of sheep was in the valley
near Palmdale. A large company of
cattle men, armed with rifles, rode out
at dawn to drive them out by force.
Luckily the Basques had been warned
and turned back and violence was
averted.
The cattle men object to the sheep
men sharing the pasture with them for
several reasons. One Is the ancient
superstition that cattle will not graze
on land that sheep have been over. The
sheep men think that In this vast land
scape there should be room enough
for all.
CHICAGO JAIL
HOLDS YATES
Han Wanted for Dorchester
Hotel Robbery Arrested
by Police of Windy City
*
Advices received here last night
from Chicago announce that Andrew
Yates, who is wanted by the San Fran
cisco police for the robbery of $3000
worth of diamonds from Mr. and Mrs.
Cundlefinger of the Hotel Dorchester
several months ago, is now held there
on suspicion of being a pickpocket.
According to the telegram, Yates,
■who was arrested in Chicago under the
name of Jack Williams, has confessed
that he is the man who robbed the
Gundlefingers and is a member of a
wealthy California family. He said
his grandmother had frequently ob
tained his release from jail on his
promise to mend his ways.
In support of his own story Yates
told the Chicago police that pawntick
ets for a part of the plunder stolen
by him in this city could be found in
the old Inter Ocean Hotel at Chicago.
Although the police of the latter city
claim that they have received from
San Francisco telegraphic confirmation
of Yatess' story, the detectives here last
night professed to have no information
regarding Yates' arrest.
While the Chicago police are-Jiolding
Yates on several charges they have
signified their willingness to turn him
over to the San Francisco authorities
should the latter'want him. Yester
* day's telegraphic story from Pasadena
of the arrest of a bellboy on suspicion
of having rebbed the guests of a hotel,
there of $15,000 worth of jewelry caused
some of the local detectives to suspect
that possibly the Pasadena boy was
Yates. Last night's dispatch from Chi
cago, however, dispelled this theory.
The Chicago prisoner will probably be
sent for by Chief Wittman.
Changes in the Postoffice.
A report was current yesterday that
several important changes were to be
made in the San Francisco postoffice.
Among these was the transfer of Ben
jamin F. McKinley from the assistant
postmastership to the superintendency
of one of the sub-stations, the position
formerly occupied by him when his
nephew, President McKinley, appoint
ed him assistant postmaster. Hull Mc-
Claughry, Postmaster Fisk's secretary,
denied all knowledge of the proposed
change, but intimated that other
changes would be made in a day or
two. .
A "MAIR'SAVER" that grow* la ipvpalartty. mmmmm^mmm ~ m^i
aoIN&l CtONBIM
HE NEEDS A GUARDIAN 3
Tfc« pu.lr>*»» nan who Is too busy to lack after !. . milw J^aw
hb htaitti «vi person.! comfort needs a guardian. kro's Heraklda should be ate* It cure, dand
-J?-" ol^.'*? 4 ™* *Tf_*"'!!* ■»*•*••»■ nif and stops falling hair by destroying tb«
nit ld«* o» bu»lne*» Later when Incurable bald- dandruff germ A delightful half ireislna
new com*, he will watte money tryln, to ov.,- STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY.
Oraf Stores. Send 10c., stamps, it KEBWCIOI CO., Bepi N, MriN, Wcl., fsr I Map*.
NEWBRO'S Herpicide
Ttie ORIGINAL remedy tM "km. tk* Dan_r«iff Oar-."
at WKnrgyr ba»bsb bxops
a > * • i ": v H ' |-.* *f> ji.,. .. j I f j ...
SMOOT SILENT
ON ENDOWMENTS
Refuses to Reveal Oaths He
Took in Mormon Church
to the Board of Inquiry
WISHES TESTIMONY
Admits That No Action Has
Been Taken Against Presi
dent Smith by Apostles
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.—The Senate
investigation into the protest against
Senator Reed Smoot \vlll be concluded
this week. The cross-examination of
the respondent terminated earlier than
expected. It was announced just be
fore adjournment of the Committee on
Privileges and Elections that only a
few more witnesses would be put on
the stand. Except for some docu
mentary evidence the investigation
may be concluded to-morrow. Chair
man Burrows remarked that it was
necessary to get through with the ar
guments also this week, as Tayler,
counsel for the protestants, will as
sume his duties as Federal Judge in
Ohio next Tuesday.
The cross examination of Senator
Smoot resulted in his absolute refusal
to testify In regard to the endowment
ceremonies. He also asserted that It
was not his business to call to account
President Smith of the Mormon church
because Smith had admitted to the
committee that he was living in viola
tion of the laws of the land.
'Three other witnesses refused to di
vulge the character of the endowment
ceremonies.
When asked to tell of the endowment
ceremonies Smoot said:
I made a vow. not an oath, with my God,
not with any man. not with the president of
the church, or with a living soul, but I did
make a vow that I would keep these endow
ment ceremonies secret and not reveal them to
anybody, and I have kept that all my life, and
If I went out of the church to-morrow ana re-
mained out of the church until I was gray
headed 1 would never feel that it vai my duty
or that I should divulge what little I even re
member of them.
Senator Burrows referred to Senator
Smoot's expression of surprise at the
testimony of President Smith as to the
number of children he had had since
the manifesto and asked if he had said
anything to President Smith since his
testimony in regard to the matter. The
witness replied that he had not. He
said the apostles had not taken up the
matter.
John M. Whittaker gave unimportant
testimony and declined to answer about
the endowment ceremonies.
J. U. Eldridge, County Clerk of Salt
Lake County, testified that H. S. Tan
ner was defeated for Judge by Mormon
votes because of the circulation of a
rumor that he had taken several plural
wives since the manifesto.
LEPER OUTLAW
RUN TO EARTH
Man Who Escaped From De
tention Camp Five Years
Ago Captured in Hawaii
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Jan. 17—After being
an outlaw for five years, a leper, named
Opulauohu, has been caught, and is
now awaiting examination before being
sent to the home on Molokai.
Opulauohu'" wag arrested, examined
and ordered sent to Molokai five years
ago, but escaped from the detention
camp to the hills. There he armed him
self and coolly notified the police au
thorities that he would shoot the first
man or set of men that attempted to
arrest him. The Bhooting of Sheriff
Stolz and four soldiers in Kalalau Val
ley by Koolau, trie leper outlaw, which
occurred in June, 1893, was still fresh
in the minds of the police, so that there
was fto particular anxiety to seek Opu
lauohu* in his lair.
l The man was known to live in Kalihi
and at Waialae, shifting from one place
to the other when there was, indication
of a move against him. Deputy Sheriff
Rawlins located the outlaw in a house
in the foothills of Kalihi, where his
wife lives, and dispatched Lieutenant
Leslie and eight armed mounted police
to the scene. They noiselessly sur
rounded the cottage and then broke
through the door. The leper was found
in bed and was taken by surprise. His
rifle was near at hand, but he had not
time to reach it. £
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.—8y order
of the War Department, Post Commis- |
sary Sergeant James O'Connor, now
at the army general hospital at the
Presidio of San Francisco, is relieved
from duty in the Philippines division
and will report to Major Charles K. '
Krauthoff, commissary purchasing j
commissary, at San Francisco, to re- I
lieve Post Commissary Sergeant :
Johann W. Schauff. Sergeant Schauff |
or. relief : will be sent to Manila.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1905.
DIES ON TRAIN
ON WAY HOME
Miss Mary McKee of Alameda
Passes Away in Strange
Manner Near Albuquerque
REFUSES PORTER'S AID
Relatives Believe That She
Succumbed to Pneumonia
After a Prolonged Trip
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mf, Jan. 28.—
A death, shrouded by much mystery,
occurred on the train which arrived
here late last night. The victim is a
woman, 25 or 30 years old, and papers
show her name to be Mary McKee of
2251 San Jose avenue, Alameda, Cal.
Her ticket reads from Chicago to Los
Angeles. The Pullman conductor and
porter say that when she entered the
coach she was heavily veiled. After
retiring the first night she did not
leave her berth again until taken out a
corpse. She held no conversation with
any one except the trainmen and only
spoke to them when it was absolutely
necessary.
About two hours before the train
reached here a porter heard a moan
ing sound from her berth and asked
if she wanted anything. She answered
that she did not. An hour later, fear-
ing that the woman needed something,
the porter called at the berth and
found the woman in a sitting posture
and dead.
Although no poison could be found,
the theory of suicide is advanced be
cause several pieces of paper were
found bearing the scribbled addresses
and her name, marked in care of Mrs.
O. B. Chase of Alameda. Mrs. Chase
is supposed to be a sister.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 23.—Miss Mary C.
McKee, a member of a prominent fam
ily of this city, died suddenly this
morning on a passenger train in New
Mexico while on her way home to
Alameda from New York. Intelligence
of her unexpected death was received
here to-day in a telegram from an
Albuquerque undertaker to Mrs. S. B.
Chase, a sister of the deceased, inform
ing her that the body of Miss McKee
had been taken from the train at that
point and would be held awaiting in
structions. The cause of death was not
given in the dispatch, but it is pre
sumed by the young woman's brother,
John I. McKee of this city, that she
Buecumbed to pneumonia.
Miss McKee had traveled much
abroad and throughout the United
States. She left here last September
to visit the St. Louis Exposition and
later went to New York, where she was
the guest of friends for four months.
Borne days ago Miss McKee wrote to
Mrs. Chase that she had been 111 and
Intended to start for home as soon as
she could travel. Orders have been
sent to Albuquerque to forward the re
mains to this city.
Well-Known Mason Dead.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23.—Henry O.
Hunt, who for many years has been
organist of Live Oak Lodge, F. and A.
M., died yesterday at the residence of
his mother, Mrs. Jonathan Hunt, 4208
Piedmont avenue. He was 63 years
old. The deceased was a native of
Massachusetts, and had resided in
Oakland for nearly fifty years. He
was unmarried. The funeral will be
held at 2 p. m. Wednesday from the
Masonic Temple, under the auspices
of Live Oak Lodge.
* : +
LOSES HIS WAY
IN MOUNTAINS
Chicago Professor Spends
Chilly Night on the Hills
Back of City of Honolulu
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Jan. 17.—George Mead,
a professor in Chicago University, lost
his' way in' the mountains back of
Honolulu and was forced to spend a
chilly night out of doors before aid
reached him. He came here recently
on a visit to his brother-in-law, G. B.
Castle. He had started off on a walk
up Manoa. When dinner time arrived
and Mead was not on hand the family
became concerned and the police were
asked to take a hand in finding him.
Two mounted patrolmen were detailed
on the case, one taking the upper and
the other the lower road.
Without saying anything about it to
Mead's friends, several Japanese in the
employ of the Castles started up the
valley on a search on their own ac
count. Early next morning Mead was
found, none the worse for wear, but de
cidedly chilly and somewhat hungry.
Of the returning party, two of the Jap
anese walked off a precipice and Mead
had a narrow escape from following
them. One of the Japanese was badly
injured.
Mead lost his way among the con
fusing trails and darkness fell before
he was able to locate his path.
ECHO OF RIOTS IN HOUSE.
_____
Motion to Adjourn Out of Respect to
Russia's Dead Jbost.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.—The ses
sion of the House to-day was devoted
entirely to consideration of hills relat
ing; to the District of Columbia. There
was an echo of the disturbance in St
Petersburg yesterday, when Baker of
New York moved that an adjourn
ment be taken out of respect to those I
who were killed in the claah with the
Russian troops. The only affirmative
vote was recorded by Baker himself. A
little later the proceedings were Inter
rupted when Pearre of Maryland was
seized with a nervous convulsion,
necessitating a brief recess. He soon
rallied and was conveyed to his home.
The proposition to control the rail
roads in the matter of rates was dis
cussed at length by Burgess of Texas,
and briefly by Hepburn of lowa.
"HOLY CITY"
NOT REALLY A
MASTERPIECE
VETERAN WHO OPENS IN "THE
BONNIE BRIER BUSH" AT THE
GRAND SUNDAY.
Author Says It Is,
but Critic Finds
It heavy,
"Genius has given to the stage many
plays of wonderful dramatic power to
thrill the hearts of listening thousands.
She has laid upon the altar of histrion-i
ie art plays that showed, with the ut
most truth to nature, the inner work
ings of men's minds and hearts, the
true and living motives of their actions.
She has given us plays that roll back
the centuries, etc. * * * But it has
remained for the author of 'THE
HOLY CITY' "—capitals, please, Mr.
Printer—"to unite the crowning glories
of all these in one grand triumph of
dramatic art!"
Mr. Gordon goes on—it is his play,
he ought to know: "A play that,
judged alone by its dramatic power and
merit, would take its place among the
world's great masterpieces " and so
on for seven pages and a "half.
It is always Interesting to know what
an author thinks of his own work
it is so usually and engagingly differ
ent from what you think. I can't say
that I whoHy agree with Mr. Gordon
here, for example. 1 saw his play up at
the Central last night, in charge of a
company that can turn its hand to any
thing from minstrels to John the Bap
tists, and of a management that would
have hastened to supply gilded dish
clouts if such were needed.
In spite of these, "The Holy City"
failed to startle, so far as Mr. Gordon
goes. Ah" masterpiece it is distinctly
off the y board. Even with Herschel
Mayall "perfectly angel"—vide the girl
behind—in white tights and a toga.
Myrtle Vane in pink tights and a span
gle or two, and a life-size head of John
the Baptist spotlighted on a charger,
the play failed to impress as a triumph
of dramatic art.
Mr. Gordon, however; begins well.
His play is fashioned of the New Testa-
i ment material, heavily edited, with all
of the chief characters except the
| Christ in the cast. lis rtrst act, which
includes the dancing of Salome before
Herod and the beheading of John the
i Baptist, convinces in the biblical melo
dramatic fashion,
j The scene enchants. The manage
j ment has given it costumes richly pic
; turesque, a seductive ballet and picture
I and lighting effects of which it may
well be proud. Miss Myrtle Vane as
Salome, in her hair and the aforesaid
tights and spangled veil, is a distinct
sensation. Miss Vane, in fact, devel
ops as an uncommonly clever young
woman. Her dance ia sufficiently fetch
ing to explain Herod's enthusiasm,
and even when she has to say "I am a
daughter of a. hundred kings," you
don't remember "A Working Girl's
Wrongs" against her. Miss Vane will
bear watching.
The whoje scene goes well and is full (
of action. Griffith presents
much to the good in it, a sincere and
i effective John the Baptist, and Henry
Shumer as Caiaphas and James Lori
gan as Andrew both lend dignity and
conviction to the parts/
The head on the charger is done by
"itself"—as they say at the Orpheum.
It is grewsomely like the real thing,
but they spare" us the blug. One rather
wishes they hadn't when Elizabeth
picks it up by the forelock and flaps
it in Salome's face. It Is so Impossibly
clean. But then one wishes Elizabeth
didn't flap it around that way.
The reßt of the play, with its labori
ous reference to the presence of the
Christ, is like "Hamlet" without Ham
let. As Mr. Gordon says: "Right here
we wish to note that the character of
our Savior is not presented or person
ated by an actor, but is represented
solely by wonderful light and art ef
fects." Well, all that can be said is
that the representation fails of its pur
pose. At no time does one get the il
lusion of the presence of Christ in "The
Holy City," as one got it so vitally in
the little "Passion Play at Santa
Clara." Neither has any act save the
first any dramatic value.
The rest consist of short dialogues
and scenes between different sets of
the characters with almost no contin
uity of action.
Much praise, however, goes to the
actors almost throughout the large
cast. Besides those already noted
Juliet Crosby was stately and impres
sive as Herodias and was most warm
ly welcomed on her reappearance.
Ernest Howell was an earnest and con
vincing' Judas; Walter Shannon a par
ticularly picturesque and virile Pontius
•' • - : - ' • ♦ ■ •'
MAY GIVE AID
TO RIVER PLAN
New Congressional Bill Calls
for National Board to
Examine the Sacramento
TO REPORT A SCHEME
Intimated That California
Otherwise Will Get Small
Part of What She Asks
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.—The River
and Harbor bill, which has been in the
course of preparation for many weeks,
is almost ready to be reported to the
House by Chairman Burton of the
River and Harbor Committee. What
it may have in store for California no
man can yet state, although it is inti
mated that its provisions will be small
compared to her demands and needs.
A provision has been inserted in the
bill at the Instance of Representative
McLachlan, appointing a commission
composed of three army engineers, who
will examine the Sacramento River,
confer with the authorities of Califor
nia and report upon a scheme for im
proving the navigability of the river in
co-operation with the State and the
National reclamation service in their
plans for river improvement and recla
mation in the Sacramento Valley.
Pilate and Mr. Mayall did all with his
opportunities for the part of Marius.
Julia Blanc as Elizabeth and Edna
Ellsmere as Mary Magdalene were both
useful.
As before said the costumes are
splendid and beautiful and the scenes
excellent examples of the scenic ar
tist's work. The pictures alone are
worth seeing, the acting is more worth
seeing, but still that doesn't make
"The Holy City" a "masrepriece."
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Grand Opera-House.
There was an excellent attendance
at the performance of "The Silver
Slipper" at the Grand Opera-house
last night. Snitz Edwards, in the role
of the showman, was particularly well
received.
In comparing the methods of latter
day actors with those of the old school,
Mr. J. H. Stoddart, the dean of the
American stage, who comes to the
Grand Opera-house next Sunday mati
nee on his farewell tour in "The Bon
nie Brier Bush," said recently:
When I see the young actors who have been
on the stage a year or so at the most so cer
tain of themselves, so confident of their pow
ers, I envy them. I am an old man, with
nearly three-quarters of a century of experi
ence, and it amazes rrc to see young actors
laugh and joke in the wings and then go on
and take up their parts. In the olden days
we were brought up in a hard but correct
school; one that taught the actors to hold their
art loyally, to l*» fearful of themselves. I
cannot understand the assurance of the mod
ern player. Every night I sit in my dressing
room and go over all the lines of my part
alter I am "made up. ' and even then I am
always fearful, and I have played Lachlan,
Campbell in "The Bonnie Brier Bush" for
four years now.
,1 am never satisfied with myself. "Have I
got all out of this part that the author in
tended?" I keep saying, and I worry. And
then when I go on the stage this uncertainty
still pursues me. It makes me nervous that
I may not do my best, that I may not please
the public before me.
The only consolation I have Is that so many
of the really good actors, the men I look up
to and admire, were thus troubled. Macready
would go to his dressing-room two hours be
fore the time for the curtain to rise in.order
that he might get himself In the proper frame
of mind for the part he was to play, and you
could hear him groaning all over the apace
behind the curtain, he was so nervous and
dispirited. And then In his diary, how full of
criticisms of himself. "Appeared as Hamlet
last night. Acted very badly."
Here was shown the modesty and
lack of self praise of this great old
actor, with seventy years of the most
varied stage life to look back upon;
with seventy years of triumph to re
ward him. He has played all the im
portant roles In the old repertory, many
of those in the modern one, and is still
as anious to please the public as in the
olden days.
Alcazar.
A splendid production of "The Con
querors" was given last night at the
Alcazar. The play, which revolves
around a story of the Franco-Prussian
war, contains much of interest and was
presented in a manner that delighted a
large audience. All the characters were
weH sustained by the capable members
of the stock company and the produc
tion showed evidence of careful stage
management. Especially was this true
of the mob scene in the second act.
The scenic features, too, aided in the
success achieved. John Craig was a
manly Eric and played the part with
his usual virility, although he would
improve on his work were he to modu
late his voice at times. Luke Conness
was perfectly at home as the Baron of
Grandpre, winning the plaudits of his
hearers. Lillian Lawrence was quite
equal to the part of Yvonne and Miss
"Once Used Always Used"
Is the verdict of those who have become acquainted
with the virtues and beauties "of Lablache Face Pow
der. It so completely protects the skin against the
unkind attacks of sun and wind, and then repairs and
makes better than new any defects in the complexion,
that every woman of taste considers it her friend for
life.
Lablache Face Powder
Is scientifically prepared. Its peculiar perfume is ex
tracted from flowers and plants which possess sooth
ing and healing properties and are also powerfully
antiseptic in their nature. Beware of dangerous coun
terfeits or substitutes. The genuine bears the sig
nature of "Ben Levy" in red across ffce label of the
box. There is none "just as good." If unable to ob
tain it from your druggist, we will mail you a box on
receipt of 50c. Flesh, white, pink or cream. Address
BEN. LEVY <& CO.. French Perfumers,
125 KINGSTON ST., BOSTON, MASS.
BRYAN TAKES
HOPEFUL VIEW
Says That He Sees Signs of
Promise oi a Democratic
Victory at Next Election
ROOSEVELT IS PRAISED
Desires That Minority Aid
President in the Reforms
He Is Laboring to Effect
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 23.—Wil
liam J. Bryan was the guest of honor
at a dollar ..banquet given to-night.
Bryan made it an occasion for indicat
ing the reason why the Democratic
party was so overwhelmingly defeated
in the last campaign and also stated
what seemed to him signs of promise
for a Democratic victory in the next
Presidential campaign. He said:
Taking away the personal popularity of Mr.
Rooeevejt in the campaign, there would be
much left In the results to encourage the
Democrats. For a quarter of a century the
Government haa been drifting farther and
farther from the people and boss rule and cor
ruption have been increasing. But It was a
good sign that the independent voter asserted
hlmsejif In the last election. And I have been
surprised at evidences of help that the radical
element Is getting since that election. We ;
have found persona, whom we did not suspect I
of such a tendency, helping along good Demo
cratic ways. '
When 1 was invited recently* to speak be- j
fore the Senate of corruption-ridden Indiana
I preached good Democratic doctrines on two I
texts, one taken from the message of the out- ■
going Republican Governor and the other taken '
from the message of the Incoming Republican ,
Governor. And Indiana is one of the most
corrupt States, with all due deference to the ;
pride you have In your own Connecticut.
Some one here to-night asked me how Tol
stoi could live In Russia and preach his doc
trine of reform. Perhaps it Is because he
could nowhere else find such excellent ground
to study tyranny and despotism. Wrong, as
it develops, brings Its own remedy, and In
this country within the next four years will
come the movement to bring back power to
the people.
In President Roosevelt himself there have
been symptoms of reform that I had for one,
no suspicion of. I scanned his conduct and
did not believe that reform was to be expected
from him. But since election he has done
several things. First, he announced that he
would not again be a candidate for the Presi
dency. That gave him Independence. I read
In his message his views about publication of
campaign contributions. That will do more
than anything else to clean up campaigning.
Then he recommended more power for the In- i
terstate Commerce Commission.
T want fhe Democratic party to forget itself j
and to help the- President carry out whatever
is good. If we help him and he does not sue- ;
ceed he wIU nevertheless help us to educate i
the public as we could not alone. And then, j
we can make a stronger fl«ht tour years hence.
DARK HORSE WINS FIGHT
FOR COVETED POSITION
Dr. William Coffin Is Appointed Su
perintendent of the Whittier Re
form School.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23. —Here is a
staggering blow to eighty men, appli
cants for the place of Sherman Smith,
who was forced to resign the super-
Intendency of the Whittier Reform
school. To-day the trustees virtually
appointed Dr. William Coffin though
it was not announced.
Coffin has been connected with the
school many years, for some time past
as assistant superintendent and physi
cian. He has been slated for the Job
ever since Smith was,deposed.
+ - *
Elizabeth Woodson was charming as '
Babjole. Too much praise cannot be
given to John B. Maher, who acted the
part of Major Wolfshagen admirably.
The character of Captain Korner was i
capitally Impersonted by Harry S. Hil- ;
Hard. Lieutenant Heiberg was in the !
very competent hands of Harry Mes- j
tayer, a new and valuable acquisition
to the company. Fred J. Butler did a
fine piece of character as Bobeche and ,
Kuth Allen furnished much amusement ,
as Anita.
. •«
Columbia.
The second and last week of "A !
Country Mouse," with Edna Wallace
Hopper as the star, opened at the Co
lumbia last evening, preceded by the
curtain-raiser, "Captain January."
The Chutes.
They have a bill crowded with novel
ties out at the Chutes this week and
two audiences thoroughly enjoyed the
performances yesterday. The Star trio, '
composed of Jennings O'Brien, Horace
Mann and Cad Franks, gave a funny
sketch entitled "Our Uncle." The four
Olifans. European brought
down the house with their extraordi
nary act. Auer, programmed "the rag
picker," produced some striking pict
ures from pieces of vari-colored rags.
John T. Powers, the singing and danc- I
ing Irish comedian, offered a brand i
new specialty. The Yale duo, refined '
club jugglers, Mabel Lamson, the pop
ular, singer, of Illustrated songs, and
the American Biograph, showing the I
latest sensations in moving pictures, I
completed a strong programme. The '
feature of the amateur show on Thurs- (
day night will be a ladies' woodsawing !
contest. ;
GRAND JURY'S
CLERK DRUGGED
Bold Attempt Is Made to
Learn Secrets of Body In
vestigating Land Frauds
OFFICIAL DISAPPEARS
! After Absence of Two Days
Secretary Is Found in His
Room in a Muddled State
A Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Jan. 23. —Land fraud
investigations are being carried on so
persistently by Prosecuting Attorney
Heney that every means is being used
to learn the Government secrets. The
most open attempt so far Is the drug
ging "of Carl Phelps, secretary of the
Federal grand Jury.
Phelps was chosen for his position
as he was believed to be unapproach
able. Two days ago he disappeared
from view and was not found again
till this morning, when the bailiff of
the court went to his room and found
him lying on the bed in a stupor, with
all his clothes on. Indications were
that he had just come, or had been
carried home.
The officials believe that men un
der suspicion of land fraud have hired
secret agents to drug Phelps.and learn
the future actions of the jury. Just
what Phelps divulged is as yet not
known, as he has not yet sufficiently
recovered to tell where he was during
his absence.
RAISED MONEY ORDERS
PASSED IN PETALUMA
Merchants of Sonoma County Town
Victimized by a Pair of Clever
Swindlers.
PETALUMA, Jan. 23.—Two mer
chants of this city were, victimized
Saturday night by means of raised
money orders. The time for bunkoing
the merchants was well chosen, aa In
quiry was thus postponed until Mon
day morning when the postoffice
opened. By this time the smooth
operators had a long start of the of
ficers and their apprehension is doubt
ful.
A. Nauer, a grocer, took an order
that had been raised from $1 to $50
and gave up $4 worth of provisions
and $46 in coin. Ross" store gave $6
worth of stock and $15 in cash, ac
cepting a due bill and a money order
for $50 as security. Both orders were
signed to George Payton, to whom
they were made payable. The swindlers
came into town in a wagon. The of
ficials are making an investigation.
1 Oriental Goods f
At Wholesale Prices |
| We Offer Oir Entire Extra Fine g
| Collection of 8
1 ORIENTAL RUGS 1
g ANIKURTAINS
| 25% DISCOUNT §
3 From Regular Retail Prices g
0 We are Sole Agents for John 8
3 Crossley &. Son's Celebrated %
» English Carpets. 8
| Chas. M. Plum & Co.!
1 Cor. Ninth and Market Sts. §
f MUSEUM OF AilflTOirV
A ua iosi iLiLni «. fat, kirn, g.r.c*:. a
A W T*; L W e * A««e»ical Mum U» th. \
r J aWTSIMk Wo "*- ""kuMm .r v. contract-.! *T
f* «3Kfi DR - «ORDAM-D'S£ABEB OF MEN 4
A I w£ffi Cotiaultatfon freo and strictly pr 1»» '
r I W n Xl^^ <^L_?, er ' o,l *"'' °» b » W. a a
\l/ MB *»■*»■ <*•»■• In irery case an<Urtak*». T
0r S lIW —^ ri '* for *~"> k - *r A
v■ 1 II ■*»«Me», mailed rue /a V
A ii H »«lu»bl€ book for men) \
MERCHANT TAILORS, i I'
BEHOVED TO y!
112 Sutter Street. |;
SAN FRANCISCO.
Novelties in Imported Wfcar. ><;
Js4(gg*fadl WEN AND WOMEN.
Die Big 43 tor unnatural
la 1 to » discharges,lnflanwnationa,
■JV Gaaraattoi V Irritations or ulceration!
aotto■teifro. of mboous membranoa,
'7^t , rC",* t,, * l *n' p »l n: »M. and not •atria*
IYayStttaMUHtMH)AtCB. gent or poisonous
Said by Draivt.ta
uaa. or sent in plain wrapper,,
by express, prepaid, tot
*1 00. orSbettlM«2.76
Clrcmiar tent on reucert.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
029 EEABNT ST. Established
in 1*94 for tne treatment of Prlvata
Diseases, f.oxt Manuood. Debility or
disease wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases Tiie Doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
<'ure«gaaranlee4. OH or write.
«r. -T. y. CIBIIOX. Mai' Fran Mam Cal
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
XJBAXY ROOFS AND SKYX.XQKT&
LU n p 5 ired " Glob * Sheet Metal WorkjL
1178-1178 Mission at. Phone- Main 646 L
OILS.
'"^iS^ 1 * 0 OIL 8; LEONARD « BLUS.
41a Front it. a. F. Phono Main I'D*;BILL TO REPEAL MEDICAL LAWS AROUSES DOCTORS
PRACTITIONERS FORWARD
INDIGNANT PROTEST.
Santa Clara Society Acts
THREE PROMINENT MEMBERS
OF THE L.E-IIS LATERE NOW IN
SESSION AT SACRAMENTO.
• Special Dispatch to The Call.
, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 23. —A protest,
bristling with indignation, was filed in
both houses of the Legislature to-day
against Assemblyman McGowan's bill
which aims to repeal certain portions
and amend others ol the existing medi
cal tew. The protest was filed by the
Santa Clara County Medical Society,
the headquarters of which are at San
Jose.. The protest is in the form of a
resolution and is unsparing in its de
nunciation of the purpose of the bill
its the society sees it. The protest in
part is as follows:
A bill has been introduced in th? legislature
rj( California known as Assembly bill No. 2117,
repealing parts of tha present medical law,
af'i stiostitttting Other measures.
The present medical law I* entirely satis
factory to the ohysleians of Santa Clara
County and to the great mass of the medical
prQieMion throughout California
• Assembly bill No. 207> n« ts with the un
qualified cer.rt-mnatlen cf this society and all
r>r»utHhle physicians of Santa Clara County,
and oar re'prfscntatives in the legislature are
Instructed and urged to use every possible en-
Oeavor to defeat the passage of said bill, to
gether with all similar attempts to alter,
■mend or repeal the existing statute.
Among th" many r-as'>ns !cr this action are
the followin-:
"itr l medical lew is in every way ad
equate to th» ne<-ds of th» people of the Str.te
of.California The proposed law, as contained
in Assembly bill No. 2«7.- Is vicious In its
character, in that It seeks to pull down and
destroy the safeguards which the people of
th'« State hav<- the right to expect and de
mand for their well being. \
T'nder the present law every candidate ta
practice medicine, regardless of where ho
graduated, must first undergo a fair examina
tion testing his knowledge before a Ilrense to
practice is given him. With a sham pretense
of local patriotism bill No. 267. while subject
ing graduates cf time-honored medical schools
of the East fe examination, would exempt
• from this ordeal the ignorant output of ques
tionable Callfornian schools. Discredited and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears!
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick, and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like* a baby's ; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap ? Im
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not well bal
anced or not combined.
What is good soap ?
Pears'.
Sold all over the world.
carter's! cure s,ck HEADACnE *
Kittle Genuine Must Bear
J IVER Fac-Simile Signature •
JLaB j /&^&£^rx£
disgraced before the decent medical fraternity,
the proprietors of these obnoxious institutions
are the very persons behind and pushing As
sembly bill 267.
t'nder the existing statutes of California any
body of five men may unite and incorporate a
medical college and lawfully confer degrees
and issue diplomas. Should said Assembly
bill No. 267 become a law it will encourage
the establishment of new diploma mills under
the guise of "legally chartered medical col
leges," whose output, limited only by the en
terprising and mercenary greed of Its proprie
tors, would receive certificates from a State
board to practice medicine on presentation of
such diplomas, and go forth and overrun the
State, becoming a curse to the communities
in which they may locate and a debasement of
medical practice.
The proposed legislation is also actively ad
vocated by parties who. although holding di
plomas from "legally incorporated m»dlcal
colleges," as termed In said Assembly bill No.
2t'.7, having received an insufficient medical
education therein, have repeatedly failed In
tests of proficiency in examinations before the
Stat?-Foard of Medical Examiners.
The representation on the Board of Exam
iners under the present law Is five regulars,
(allopaths), two homeopaths, two eclectics.
This Is numerically fair and just to all con
cerned. In the fa< c of official figures taken
from the State Register of Physicians and
Surgeons, showing 'hat there have been issued
licences to the number of to regulars. f»1l
to hrmeopaths and (Vis t i e<-iccths. said As
sembly bill N'i. 217. dlsrepardful of the fact
that there are ttfCT time? as many regulars as
of combined and eclectics, who
will undergo examination for licenses, pur
poses to mak» th" Riard of Examiners consist
of three regulars, three homeopaths and three
eclectics.
t'nder th° present law the members of the
of Examiners are chosen by the three
State medical societies, and these men enjoy
the esteem and resn.ct rrf the entire medical
pro'ession. Assembly bill No. 207 puts th"
appointing power of th° members of the board
In th" hands of the Governor, thus bringing
the Issuing of licenses to practice m'dleine
Into the realm of politics with its dubious
treil i>f natronaire
This bill, it is apparent from the fore
going: resolution, means that the three
established schools of medicine are
ready for another clash and it is prob
able that the eclectics and homeo
paths will be heard from in terms
equally strong before the bill comes up
for final action.
INDORSE BUTTER BILL.
j Merchants Commend Act Requiring
Weight Mailed on Packages.
Housewives w4p know just how much
butter they are getting for their money
lif Assembly bill No. 50 psss?s the Leg
j islature. The act provides that all
! packages containing less than six
j pounds and more than one pound and
a half of butter shall be marked ac-
I cording to their exact weight. The bill
was drawn up by S. P. Branstetter
and will be introduced by Senator G.
JU. Lukens of Alameda.
The bill Is indorsed by the following
i merchants and produce dealers:
Brigham, Hoppe & Co.. 303 California street;
i Hllmer & Bredhon". 30 California: John C.
• Ketmers * Co.. 110 californl.-i: J. H. New
' bauer & Co., 107-100-111 Front: Ron reel &
| Davidson. Ift aivl 21. < "all:'"rnia: Dodge,
j Sweeney & Co.. 114 Mark»t: Cressy. Voorhics
1A- Co.. 108 Davis: Wheaton. Pqnd & .Harrold
' (Inc.). ltn-112 Davis: Mnrtinelli &
Croon, 11* Front: Morris Hrrs. A- Co., 206
I Frcnc. Fred B. Kaicht * Co.. 212 Front; Ifar-
I tors Read & Co.. 301 Front: Sherry A- Co.,
ROS Front; Yon Ronn. T>»rebacTr & Co.. 313-315
Fr'.nt: the Portuguese Commission Company,
800-31.1 tlay: Witrel *; Baker. 314-3RT- Bai
\ taryi Marshall * Reimers, 320 Front: Monottl,
I Earlmrr (.- Co.. 231 Davis: Dairymen's Enlon
■«f California. 12."-1 » Davis: Russ, Early &
; Harville, 217 210 Sacramento: H. N. Tllden &
, Co., 211 Sacramento; Getz Bros. A Co.. 123
--! 12f» Davis: Sehulz. Niggl" & Co., 221-223
Front; Hills Bros.. 23-25 California.
FLINT IN SAN DIEGO.
: Senntor-Eleet Is Given Hearty Wel
come by Citizens.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 23.—Senator-elect
j Frank P. Flint was'given a hearty wel
| come on his arrival in San Diego to-
I day. After a lunch at the Hotel Cor-
I cnado Senator Flint was taken for a
I launch ride about the bay. The quar-
I antlne station, Fort Rosecrans and the
government jetty were visited. Later
lln the afternoon Senator Flint was en
| tertained st the home of U. S. Grant
! Jr. To-night Senator Flint was the
I guest of honor at the annual banquet
j of the Chamber of Commerce,
j To-morrow Senator Flint will be
given a public reception at the rooms
of the Union League Club.
All work and no play doesn't appeal
to the theatrical manager.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 24. 1905.
ANTI-PRIZEFIGHT
MEASURE GAINING
SUPPORT OF SOLONS
Cry for Clean Sport
Is Made by Many
Legislators.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 23.—Ralston's
anti-prize flgfct bill is gaining- support
as the days pass. It is expected that it
will be returned this week by the Sen
ate Committee on Public Morals and
placed on the file for final action by the
upper house. Senator Markey of San
Francisco, when he returned from San
Francisco last evening, said he was
confident that a majority at least o-f
the San Francisco delegation was in
favor of the bill and that ne was posi
tive that Nelson, Keane and French
would join with him in supporting the
measure.
"I believe the bill should be passed," i
said Markey, "and forever end the job- '
bing and robbery that has marked the
progress of pugilism in California. 1 do
not believe that an honest prize fight I
has taken place in San Francisco in j
years. There is crooked work in all of i
them and it is an outrage that San I
Francisco should be placed at the dis- 1
posal of these looters."
When the Senate went into session
this morning Senator Ralston filed for
printing in the journal a resolution
adopted by the Pacific Athletic Asso
ciation which strongly commends for '
adoption the anti-prize fight bill. The !
resolution confirms the theory of the ,
author of the bill that under existing I
conditions the so-called amateur box- j
ing contests given monthly in San
Francisco are a disgrace to the State j
and that the professional bouts are
even a greater reflection on the moral
being of California's citizens. In con- j
elusion the resolution asks that the i
members of the Legislature give their
unanimous support to the bill that the j
purpose of legitimate athletic associa- !
tions may be furthered and all classes j
of legitimate sport cleansed of the ele- '
ment that is now disgracing them.
SECRET INVESTIGATION.
Tontine Policy Concerns Under Fire
at Capital.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 24.—Until
nearly 1 o'clock this morning the Sen
ate Committee on Retrenchment and
Reform sat behind closed 'doors in a !
room at Sergeant at Arms Martin's
residence listening to testimony in con
section with alleged fraudulent invest- '
ment companies. Two tontine policy
concerns were especially under fire.
A number of witnesses had been sub
•penaed from San Francisco. It was |
found when the tontine men arrived
that they had not brought their firm
hooks, though an order had issued for
then to do so. They were questioned ;
at great length by various members of
the committee.
The hearing was continued and the
agents of the companies whose affairs I
were inquired into were Instructed to I
have the desired books here when the !
session opened.
EDISON UNDER
DOCTOR'S KNIFE
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.—A critical
surgical operation has been performed
on Thomas A. Edison at his home
near Orange, N. J. Great secrecy
was maintained by the family in re
gard to the affair, and few details
could be obtained.
The operation was for a mastoid ab
scess behind the ear and very close to
the brain.
As is generally known the inventor
has been deaf for many years and the
affliction has been growing worse. He
has been suffering considerably for
about a week and the matter of an
operation was broached several days
ago, but there was strong hope that it
might be avoided.
it develop* d, however, that while Mr.
Edison was better in many particulars,
the growth was not yielding to treat
ment, and th? conclusion was reached
that the operation would have to be
performed at once. It was begun late
last night and was not finished until
an early hour this morning, having oc
cupied more than two hours.
Mr. Edison, who is 57 years old, re
mained up and about until a few hours
before Ihe operation began.
Italy Honors Whitelaw Reid.
ROME. Jan. 23.—King Victor Em
manuel to-day signed a decree confer
ring the Grajjd Cordon of the Crown
of Italy on Whitelaw Reid of New
York.
No Profit in Freaks.
It is announced by the new hippo
drome management that "freaks" will
not be hired and that the public no
longer cares to see human abnormali
tier and deformities. The ossified
man, the bearded woman, the four
legged boy and the original rubber
neck can no longer make large in
comes by exhibiting themselves to a
curious public There was a time
when a good freak would receive $125
or $150 a week for sitting on a plat
form. The proprietors of the hippo
drome and other large shows presum
ably do not exclude freaks for any
other motive but that their exhibition
is not profitable. It has been proved
by the experiments of the last two
years at Coney Island that the more
respectable an entertainment and the
more it appeals to the average well
conducted American household the
more profitable it is.
It is a good sign of public develop
ment. —New York World.
AUDITING CLERKS' BALL.—The clerks of
the ticket auditor's department of the Southern
Pacific Company have issued Invitations for
their second annual ball, to he given on the
evening Of February 2 at Golden Gate Hall.
NEW APPORTIONMENT
OF SCHOOL FUNDS
IS ASKED BY KEANE
$600,000 Is Wanted
From - State for
San Francisco,
Social Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 23.—Senator
Keane of San Francisco presented two
bills thi3 morning that will center the
interest of the members of the School I
Department of San Francisco until i
tmal action upon them has been taken. ;
The bills call fur the apportionment of ,
State funds tor the public schools of j
San Francisco on a basis of $55u for
each teacher per annum. Whili- the ;
total amount each an allowance would
net San Francisco is not set forth in
the bill, it is said that it will foot up i
to something like $t>oo,ooo.
Senator Keane said that he had in- I
tioductd the bills after consultation
with Stiite Superintendent of Schools
Kirk and Pie-sidenU Roncovieri of the
Beard of Education of San Francisco
and they ait- the result of.measures* 1
heretofore introdu- d establishing a
baste of $T fji each census school child
reading: in particular districts.
fh< bill intiouacvd uy hoggins au
thorizing th-- Federal Government to
lower the witter levels of Little Klam
ath, Tult, Goose and Clear lakes, situ
ated in Siskiyou and Modoc counties,
also ceding to the United States all !
title and interest the State may have 1
to any land;; uncovered by the lowering j
of the water levels, precipitated a de- |
bate In the Senate this morning.
Curtin. to whom the words "cede" j
and "re-cede" are always signals of the
gravest danger, wanted to know why
the State should cede the land uncov
ered by the lowering of the levels of |
the lakes to the Federal Government.
Rowell pointed out that as a matter
of fact the State would do nothing of
the kind, because the State could not 1
give the Government something it al- j
ready owned and it was admitted that
title to th<- beds of such bodies of
water is already vested in the United
States. Furthermore, Rowell said, the j
State could well afford to give up what
is n«v, useless in order that It might
li ■ enriched by the future operations
of the Government. After this discus
sion the bill was passed for the day,
retaining its position on the file.
Curtin is th-" leader of the opponents
of the bill to re-cede the Yosemite Val
ley and the Mariposa Big Tree Grove :
and he is keeping a watchful eye on j
al! "cede" and "re-cede" abills.
Senator Woodward's bill amending '■
the banking laws so as to permit of j
the establishment of savings banks in !
cities of less than 1000 inhabitants with
a capital stock of $10,000 was finally
passed by the Senate.
The bill appropriating $70,000 for the
maintenance of a State exhibit at the
Lewis and Clark Exposition at Port
land was also finally passed by the
upper House and sent to the Assembly
for its action.
Senator Selvage presented a proposed
constitutional amendment fixing ses
sions of the Legislature at eighty days,
the compensation of members thereof
at $10 a day and limiting the patronage
to $500 a day for each House.
A resolution adopted by the Mer-.
chants' and Producers' Association of
San Francisco commending the Yosem
ite and Mariposa Big Tree Grove re
cession bill and asking that the same
be passed was ordered filed'and printed
in the journal.
A resolution from the California
Woman's Club asking that the Legisla
ture enact a law placing the entire
burden of the maintenance of proba
tion officers throughout the State on
the various countries in which such
probation officers are located was also
ordered printed in the journal.
Bigger salaries for State officers are
provided for in bills introduced in both
houses to-day. The schedule is as fol
lows: Supreme Justices, from $6000 to
$8000; Governor, from $6000 to $10,000;
Attorney General, from $3000 to $6000;
Secretary cf State, Controller, Treas
urer and Surveyor General, from $3000
to $5000.
A proposed constitutional amendment
Introduced by Selvage provides that It
shall be the duty of the Lieutenant
Governor during adjournments of the
Legislature to travel over the State
and examine into the various institu
tions and the manner in which appro
priations allowed them are expended.
The Lieutenant Governor will be al
lowed mileage for his work in event the
proposed amendment carries.
The Senate Committee on Federal Re
lations reported favorably to-day on
Sanford's proposed constitutional
amendment granting the people the
right of initiative in the selectfbn of
men to represent California in the
United States Senate.
Franchises for Electric Roads.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 23.—A* majority of
the members of the City Council to
day voted in favor of the franchise
for a single track electric line running
over San Fernando, Thirteenth,
Carlos and Market streets to the San
Jose and Los Gatos Interurban Rail
way Company. The Board of Super
visors to-day granted twelve connect
ing franchises throughout the coun
ty to the Parkinson-Santa Clara In
terurban Company.
Record Cargo on Minnesota.
SEATTLE. Jan. 23.—With 25.000
tons of freight, the largest crtrgo ever
carried by a ship, and 141 passengers,
the Great Northern Steamship Com
pany's new Oriental liner Minnesota
cleared from her berth at this port at
4:30 this afternoon and started on her
initial trip to Manila and Oriental
ports.
New Minister to Denmark.
I GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., Jan. 23.—
IT. J. O'Brien, an attorney of this city,
has accepted an offer made by Pres
ident Roosevelt to appoint him Min
ister to Denmark. It is expected the
appointment will be made in March.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Jan. 23 —Plant No I,
covering three acres of ground, of the Cleve
land Dryer Work*, a branch of the American
Agricultural Chemical Company, was destroyed
wv fh-c to-night. Loss. SIOO.COO.
ASSEMBLYMEN FIND
THAT THEIR CLERKS
HAVE BEEN LOAFING
Failure of Attaches
to File Documents
Cause of Row.
«
Special Dispatch to The Call —
SACRAMENTO," Jan. 23.—When the
Assembly reached the third reading 1 of
bilis this mornin_ there were no bill
files before the members for consulta- ;
tion. The bills had come from IJie j
printer, but they had not been filed. I
Stanton asked that under the circum
stances the third reading be post- j
poned. This was ordered and an or- j
der was also issued to the sergeant at
arms that he put every unattached ,
employe that he could find at the i
work of tiling the bills that the mem- J
bf.rs might not fail to have them on
their desks in future when sessions •
opened. If there is another such ora- j
mission there will be trouble for the j
attaches.
When the second reading of bills
was called Atkinson moved that that
ulso go over. "Without the files in .
front of us," he said, "we cannot know
jtst what every bill is and if we have
any objection to make we must make |
them on second reading."
Atkinson's motion did not prevail
and the second reading was taken up.
The Assembly is well into the work of
passing bills now and many are on the
third and second reading files.
O'Brien'of Sacramento, whose reso
lution to appoint arfassistant to the
bookkeeper of the sergeant at arms
had been reported favorably, asked
permission to withdraw the resolution.
The present temper of the House will
not permit of the making of any more
jobs.
McCartney as chairman of the Rules
i'nd Regulations Committee, submitted
a proposition that during this week,
cxc epting to-day and Saturday, the As
sembly hold afternoon sessions to take
up the special reading file of bills. TWe
members adopted it.
Speaker Prescott announced Devlin
and Drew as additional members of
the Judiciary Committee.
An adjournment was taken until 10
o'clock to-morrow morning.
A bill providing for the erection and
maintenance of a State hospital for
lepers was introduced in the Assembly
to-day by McCartney. Nearly all the
lepeM in California are confined at the
Twenty sixth-street Hospital in San
Francisco, and their care has "Been a
problem to that city.
Walsh presented a measure provid
ing for an appropriation of $25,000 to
maintain , a school of forestry at the
State university.
Anthony introduced a bill aimed to
make the recall law applicable to the
entire State. The recall is a method
of removing officials by popular vote.
The Judiciary Committee decided **>-
day to report favorably the bill refund
ing to those who paid them without
protest the taxes levied to build a new
hospital and new schools in San Fran
cisco under a provision afterward de
clared illegal by the court. City At
torney Long of San Francisco advo
cated the relief bill before the commit
tee. Those who paid the tax under
protest recovered their money in court.
Consternation struck a majority of
the Assemblymen to-night when it was
announced that the controller had
made the discovery that the last batch
of attaches certified as having been ap
pointed by a three-fifths vote of the
lower house had not received this num
ber and hence their appointment would
not stand. To-morrow the resolution
will again be brought up, but it is be
lieved that the opposition will muster
sufficient strength to finally defeat it, .
LA FOLLETTE CHOSEN
SENATOR IN WISCONSIN
Governor of the Slate Selected to
Take the Place of
Qunrles.
MADISON, Wis., Jan. 23.—Governor
Robert M. La Follette was to-night, in
the Republican caucus, named for
United States Senator to succeed Jo
seph V. yuarles. The Governor re- 1
ceived 65 votes out of 107 on the in
formal ballot, which upon motion was
made formal. Upon a motion to make
the nomination unanimous a few mem
bers rose to their feet and voted
against it.
Senator Quarles received 26 votes, the
other 16 being divided between three
candidates. i
System for Selling Cigarettes.
Systems have been devised by which,
with the aid of a single clerk, a more
minute and accurate record can be kept
of a great business house than -could
be kept by a large force of accountants.
A good example of a perfect system is
the one used by a firm of cigarette
makers who have a private trade, for
they make their goods to order for in
dividual customers. The characteristic
feature of their business is that they
mix the tobacco to suit each individual
customer's taste. They must have dl- j
rect communication with their patrons
and these patrons' buy as few as 500
cigarettes at a time. To get their trade
is easy; to hold it is more difficult. On
their flies they carry a memoranda of
th j tastes of perhaps 2000 smokers and
the formula of the mixture which suits
every one best, together with a 'esign
of his crest or monogram, which he
desires stamped on his wrappers. Every
customer's daily consumption is noted
and by the automatic operation of their
system his name comes to the front
a week before he may be reasonably
expected to have exhausted his last or- j
dpr. So nicely has this system been
adjusted that recently, during a spell
of extremely humid weather, when or- j
dors could not be filled, every customer j
found his wants supplied, during this
pfriod of waiting, from a stock kept
on hand for the purpose.—World's
Work.
Traced by the impression of his teeth
left in a half-eaten apple in a house at
Raple Switzerland, a burarlar confessed
to breaking into the building.
PRAGERB ► ,
'■f*'. A . . .1
There Will Be
"Something Doing"
At Pragers
To-Day
s ■
Don't Miss It.
Pure Food [aEC" We a have
o s ::i snraf o 0*
February (17 AY3 Suable |°" the
Floor.
BRICKLAYERS' CONVENTION
IS BROUGHT TO A CLOSE
Meeting Was One of the Most Success
ful Held in th e History of the
Organization.
The Bricklayers' and Masons' Inter
national Convention was brought to a
successful close early this morning. It
was one of the most important meet
ings ever held by the organization, and
many important matters pertaining to
the interest of the craft were settled.
The delegates worked until an early
hour this morning to end their work,
so that they might start on their jour
ney home to-day.
The contest made by the New York
Union to have fire proof work done
exclusively by mason contractors was
defeated by the convention. The exist
ing law of the International Union
which gives the right to any firm, cor
poration or manufacturer in any lo
cality within the jurisdiction of the
International Union provided such firm,
corporation or manufacturer complied
with the requirements of the Interna
tional Union, was upheld.
The convention voted to present a
testimonial of $500 to Edward A. Mof
fett in recognition for his services as
editor of the official journal for the
last six years. It was decided to
change the place of publishing the
journal from New York to Indianapolis.
The body adopted the resolution ot
Delegate Routt, of Nebraska expressing
sympathy with the working classes of
Russia in reference to the deplorable
conditions that now exist.
A testimonial in the shape of a ban
ner mounted on a bicycle wagon was
given to the local union, by the Inter
national Union, In recognition of the
royal manner the local bricklayers have
entertained the delegates since they
have come to this city.
American a Turkish Vice Admiral.
Captain R. D. Buckman, widely
known In marine circles along the At
lantic cdast, has been appointed a vice
admiral of the Turkish navy at a sal
ary of $10,000 a year. He took the new
Turkish cruiser Mejidia from Hampton
Roads to Constantinople last year, hav
ing been selected for that task by the
Cramp Shipbuilding Company. It will
he remembered that the cruiser did not
leave American waters until the ship
building company had been paid in full.
The young American has been given
free hand* to work what reforms he
thinks necessary to the Sultan's navy.
Chicago Chronicle.
This store is known as San Francisco's permanent,
exposition of rare and beautiful examples of the weaver's
art*. You will find every worthy make represented.
Beautiful designs, soft, in color, luxurious to the tread.
Best* of all, you will find them clothed in a price garb of
the common variety. •»
Tapestry Brussels —An excellent Tiber Carpet—The latest in the
grade: in floral and Orien- f!Rr> market. Suitable for bedroom,
tal designs. Per yard.. WW living-room or dining-room. Some
Axminsters—Fine deep pile, closely exceptionally choice de- Aftr
woven. Oriental and floral de- signs. Per yard m^rw
signs. Per yard —No carpet made can equal
this beautiful weave for Its soft
Linoleum—Made of the best pulver- blending- of color. We show a
ized cork and linseed oil. Patterns choice line of Oriental and flo
that will stand the test CTp ral designs. Per yard.. QSr>
of time. Per yard "Ot
lias siond th
who is an expert in his line. The few items quoted are merely a
guide to the value to be found here.
57.50 Tapestry Couch Cover—6o inches wide. 3 yards long; g I
reversible. A large variety of colorings. Each «J»- t tef_FVF
$10.50 Mercerised Armare Tapestry—Extra heavy fringe top gi(\ *>5s
and bottom. A large variety of coloring*. Special tUVt*u
52.25 Arabian Lace Curtains—so Inches wide. ? yards long. <£| OR
A selection of three patterns. Per pair
fCORDESI
245-259 GEARY S¥> OH THE SQUARE
MIXES ACID WITH HIS BEER
AND DRINKS FATAL DRAUGHT
Robert Fabig, an Aged Baker, Com
mits Suicide in Resort at
the Beach.
Robert Fabig, a baker, 55 years of
age, and supposed to have lived at 625
Clay street, committed suicide last
night in front of a saloon at Forty
eighth and Cliff avenues by drinking
! carbolic acid. Fabig had long been
! despondent. Yesterday afternoon he
I visited several resorts at the beach. He
i finally came to the saloon conducted by
jH. L. Schmidt and called for a glass of
I beer. ,When he received the beverage
|he walked to the veranda and seated
j himself at a table for the purpose of
I drinking it. Without attracting any
| attention he then poured the contents
!of a one-ounce bottle of acid in the
I beer and gulped the liquid down. His
i cries attracted several patrons of the
J place and he was carried inside, writh
| ing in pain. Before medical attendance
j could be had he was dead and his body
■ was taken to the Morgue.
AMERICAN EMBASSADORS
TO LIVE IN MONUMENTS
A movement is on foot among Amer
ican citizens in Paris to raise a sub
scription fund for the purchase of a
mansion in that city to be presented to
the United States Government aa a
home for the American embassy. It
would be a handsome monument to the
patriotic loyalty of the American col
ony, but it is a matter of regret that
this Government has permitted the op
portunity for such a movement to ex
ist. Better far that some of the public
building schemes in this country be
allowed to wait for a while and that
the Government should have in each of
the leading capitals flt» homes for its
Embassadors and their families. It
should not be necessary for the repre
sentative of this Government to any
one of the Important courts of Europe
to be able to ppend more than his sal
ary each year for the single item of
house rent, so that the first requisite
to be considered in the selection of
such representtaive must be his finan
cial resources. There should be in each
capital an American embassy of a
style befitting the country It represents
and when the movement starts in the
direction of this object it ought to re
ceive indorsement of Americans at
home as well as abroad.—Haverhill
Gazette.
MADRID. Jan. 2rt.—There is no truth in the
report cabled to a news agency In the Unite.)
States that thirty-two persons perished in a
fire of incendiary origin at Cetina, near Sara
gossa, on Friday.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
PAUPER'S RICH KIN
MUST PAY HER WAY
Woman's Brother Wealthy
Supervisors Will Try to Force Rela
tives to Pay Her Board.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway; Jan. 23.
Wtth a millionaire brother m San
Francisco and a well-to-do son-in-hiw
living in this city, Mrs. Lucretla Va
rella Is living at the County Infirmary
as ah indigent pauper. It was only last
week that it was discovered that a
woman by .the name of Margaret Dunn
died there leaving an estate valued at
$5200, while all the time it was sup
posed she had nothing in the world
With which to pay her oWn way. The
attention of the Board of Supervisors
waa called to the Varella case this
morning by Supervisor Rowe, and an
investigation is to be made.
CHAN CHEUNG
OUT ON BAIL
Justice Henshaw of Supreme
Court Overrules Protest
of the District Attorney
Justice Henshaw of the Supreme
Court yesterday ordered that Chan
Cheung be admitted to bail in the
sum of $25,000. The court heard
the testimony on which the Grand
Jury returned the indictment accusing
the wealthy Chinese with complicity
In the murder of Tom Tick, but each
of the three witnesses acknowledged
that he had signed the agreement of
the tongs offering rewards for the
heads of all members of the "Educa
„ tional Society," thereby placing him
self in the position of co-conspirator
with Chan Cheung and nullifying the
testimony.
Furthermore, in trials of the con
spirators in the Superior Court, one
of the witnesses had committed per
jury, as he himself admitted, by de
nying on one occasion that he was a
party to the tong agreement to pay
for the murder of the "Educational"
men. The other two witnesses had
never made mention of Chan Cheung's
participation in the meeting at which
the rewards were offered and guaran
teeing their payment until the recent
indictment by the Grand Jury, not
withstanding that there had been
several hearings and trials in court.
•Justice Henshaw asked the District
Attorney whether he did not think, on
the showing made, that the prisoner
should be allowed the privilege of bail.
Byington was not inclined to dispute
• the analysis of the case by the court,
but from what he knew of the de
fendant, he said, and from a personal
conviction that Chan Cheung did take
part in instigating the killing of Tom
Yick, he would still Insist that the pe
tioner be remanded to the custody of
the Sheriff.
"We'll hang Chan Cheung for the
murder of Tom Yick." declared Dis
trict Attorney Byington in a colloquy
with ex-Governor Budd, after court
had adjourned.
"We'll show that your so-called 'Ed
ucational Society' is a school for per
jury," was the bristling rejoinder of
chief counsel for Chan Cheung.
Chan Cheung, was released last
night on a bond of $25,000 approved
by Superior Judge Carroll Cook.
BEREAN SOCIETY GIVES
BANQUET TO THE LADIES
Social Hall of Calvary Presbyterian
•.'Church Is Scene of Delightful
Festivity.
The Berean Society of the . Calvary
Presbyterian Church held a banquet
and "ladles' night" last evening. A
hundred persons sat down to the
feast, which was spread in the social
hall. Charles W. Pike presided. .The
opening address was intended to have
been made by William Sproule, but in
his absence Dr. E. E, Baker of the
First Presbyterian Church of Oakland
gave an interesting talk.
Others who took part were General
Tirey L. Ford, R. C. Ayres and Amon
C: Cain. TJr. M. N. Callender had
, charge of the orchestra, which ren
dered an excellent musical pro
gramme in splendid style. This so
ciety, which is only a few months old,
promises to be a big factor in the
work of this church.
The saloon presents a bar to many
a man's success.
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
HE MEANS SCOTTS
Your doctor says you must
take cod liver oiL Probably he
means Scott's Emulsion be
cause you cannot take the
clear oil; no one can take the
clear oil who needs cod liver
oil. The doctor understands
that and doubtless means
Scott's Emulsion of cod liver
oil which everybody can take
because it is emulsified and
prepared so that it can be
very easily digested by the
most sensitive stomach. Most
everybody Kkes it
WVM Mud jam a aampfo free.
In speaking of the matter Rowe said
that the law compels the payment of
money necessary for a person's care by
the relatives if any can be found, and
he proposes to make the relatives set
tle the bill attendant upon this case.
Her Bon-in-law is A. Bocco of 812 Myr
tle street, while her brother's name is
said to be Marslcano. In the Margaret
Dunn matter Dr. W. A. Clark, who has
charge of the infirmary, reported that
the woman had been admitted to the
institution five different times and had
spent 221 days there in the aggregate.
In accordance with the action of the
board last week the District Attorney
was ordered to bring suit against her
estate for pay at the rate of 54 cents
a day, or $119 34.
BURNS MONEY
HE GAVE HER
Librada Morales Lights Her
Cigarettes With Suitor's
Four Fifty-Dollar Bills
Senorita Librada Morales had money
to burn last night and she lit cigar
ettes with it. She thought that four
$50 Mexican notes given in trust to her
by her sweetheart,' Antonio Morales,
were Confederate. In her indignation
at his giving her such worthless stuff
she sent the money up in smoke.
Antonio arrived yesterday from Mex
ico and immediately sought his dark
eyed querida at her casa near Broad
way and Kearny street. To her he
gave four $50 bills to keep for wedding
day expenses. Librada proudly dis
played the wealth to her neighbors. In
stead of gazing at it in envy they
laughed. "Why, that is no good," they
said. "That is not Americano dinero.
It's no money at all."
"Caramba!" cried the haßty tempered
Librada. "Antonio gives to me the
ha-ha and the laugh of the horse, does
he? I will show him. Behold, I. Libra
da. have money to burn. Behold, I
burn it."
AVith the melodramatic grace of a
spaghetti opera company's Carmen,
she lifted a cigarette to her lips and,
lighting one of the bills, ignited her
cigarillo therewith. She smoked four
cigarettes and with them Antonio's
200 pesos also vanished in vapor.
When Antonio returned Librada re
ceived him with the chilly hauteur of a
frozen oyster. "Come, querida," he
cried. "We will go and burn some of
that dinero."
"It is already burned," announced
Librada. "It is what the Amerjcanos
call phoney."
"Caramba!" shouted Antonio. "You
burn 200 pesos." And he caught his
beloved by her jet black locks and
called for the police. The lady who
had money to burn weeps in the City
Prison over the conflagration of pesos.
She is charged with felony embezzle
ment. Antonio will return to Mexico,
where cigarette lighters for lady
friends are cheaper.
PANAMA NO PLACE FOR
AMERICAN WORKINGMEN
R. P. Cooke, Government Draughts
man, Says White Men Cannot
Survive Conditions There.
Among the recent arrivals at the
Occidental Is R. P. Cooke, an architect
of New York, who has just returned
from Panama, where he was em
ployed in the Government draughting
department in connection with the
canal. He was Invalided home and
does not purpose returning to the
isthmus. In discussing the conditions
on the isthmus Cooke says that Pan
ama is no place for a white man at
present unless he has been accus
tomed to a malarial climate. Scarcity
of food other than rice and bananas,
which are invariably served to Amer
icans in fat, and lack of proper quar
ters for the men engaged in the canal
work, with bad water increased sick
ness on the isthmus and forced many
men into the Government hospital.
Cooke says that the high tax on all
imported goods, especially foodstuffs,
places the latter beyond the reach of
the Americans, whose wages will not
permit them to buy ordinary necessi-
ties of life. Although the Government
commission has planned to furnish its
employes comfortable quarters, pure
water and good food, it has yet failed
to effect these things and as a conse
quence many Americans are going to
the isthmus under the misapprehen
sion that they are to be well provided
for. On the contrary, the only places
in which men can And shelter are in
the old shanties left by the French
commission and in tents.
High Rent Causes Eviction.
Mrs. F. Marion Wells, wife of the
late famous sculptor who died in pen
ury at the City and County Hospital
about eighteen months ago, was yes
terday evicted from a lodging-house
that she has been conducting at 633
Broadway. Soon after the death of
Wells one of his old friends installed
the widow in the boarding-house. Ac
cording to her story everything went
well until the lease of the building
was secured by J. Lafarque. Mrs.
Wells says that Lafarque tripled her
rent and she was unable to pay the
exorbitant demand. A debt of $330
accumulated in two months and when
she refused to pay it the attachment
was Issued and served by Deputy
Sheriff Jesse Galland.
There seems to be a bond of sympa
thy between the black gheep and the
fatted calf.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1905.
WIFE'S ACTION
ENRAGES HIM
Witnesses Say Campbell Was
Driven to Desperation by
Spouse Whom He Killed
TESTIFY FOR DEFENSE
Bartender Who Kept Com
pany With Woman Tells;
I of a Beating Given Him
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
1016 Broadway, Jan. 23. I
The trial of Lemuel D. Campbell, j
[ charged with the murder of his wife,
I was continued this morning, the de- i
■ fense beginning its side of the case. |
I The first witness called was Council- |
[ man George Fitzgerald, who testified
[/that he knew Campbell well, that he
met him on the afternoon of the mur-..
j der and that Campbell failed to recog
; nize him. Campbell was acting in a :
strangely abstracted manner, but after ,
he was spoken to returned the saluta- I
tion.
Joseph Fossati, a bartender at the I
Venetian Gardens on Seventh street,
testified that after the separation of \
Campbell and his wife he had "kept 1
company" with her. Campbell had [
asked him about it and the witness told )
him that he had been with Mrs. Camp- I
bell. Campbell knocked him down and
gave him a black eye. He said he con
fessed this to Campbell because he was
afraid of him.
The last witness to testify was C. E.
Young, butcher, for whom Campbell
worked. Campbell's mother-in-law had
come to him and tried to get him to
discharge Campbell. He also said that
both Mrs. Campbell and her mother
often rang up the shop and disturbed
Campbell and provoked him.
CHAIRMAN MITCHELL
GOES TO SACRAMENTO
President of Board of Supervisors to
Confer With Legislative Delega
tion on Mattei-s of Salaries.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23.—The Board of
Supervisors to-day voted to send
Chairman John Mitchell as its repre
sentative to Sacramento to confer
with members of the Alameda County
delegation touching the question of
proposed changes in the working force
and salaries of county officials. The
conference is called for to-morrow.
This action was taken in response to a
request from the delegation that a
representative of the board meet with
them at Sacramento.
The board appropriated $500 for use
by the Merchants' Exchange in pro
moting immigration into Alameda
County.
Hereafter no Supervisor will be per
mitted to incur expenditures greater
than $25 without specific authoriza
tion from the board in open meeting.
FINDS NEGRO MURDERER
TO HAVE BEEN INSANE
Coroner's Jury Investigates Slaying of
Aged Mary Callendei*—Ferguson
Had a Thick Skull.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23.—A Coroner's
jury to-night found that James Fer
guson, the negro cook who killed Mrs.
Mary L. Callender, an ased negress,
yesterday at the Callender home, 179
Third street, and afterward killed
himself, was insane.
The hospital surgeons found that
Ferguson had died from a fracture of
the skull caused by the two bullets
that he fired, one into each side of his
head. The skull was so thick that
the bullets did not penetrate the
brain, but the Impact caused the frac
ture, produced a fatal hemor
rhage. This explained why Ferguson
lived for three hours after wounding
himself in such a way that ordinarily
he must have been instantly killed.
RECEIVES FATAL INJURIES
IN COLLISION WITH A CAR
H. J. O'Keefe Is Thrown From Wag
on, His Neck Broken and His
Body Paralyzed.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23.— H. J. O'Keefe,
an electrician living at 654 Ninth
street, was thrown from a wagon this
afternoon in a collision with an elec
tric car at the corner of Nineteenth
street and San Pablo avenue and re
ceived injuries that will probably
prove fatal. O'Keefe was driving
across the tracks and did not see the
approaching car, which struck the
wagon, throwing him to the ground.
O'Keefe fell upon his head and was
picked up unconscious. He was tak
en to the Receiving Hospital, where it
was found that his neck had been
broken, the man's body being entirely
paralyzed from the shoulders down.
The surgeons have very little hope of
saving O'Keefe's life, although they
say that he may linger for several
days.
Killed by Escaping Gas.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23. — John P.
Flynn, 26 years old, was found dead
from .gas suffocation this morning in
his room at 1461 Seventh street. Flynn
had left the burner open after trying,
while intoxicated, to light the gas. His
mother, who conducts a coal yard at
1459 Seventh street, found the body,
which was taken in charge by the
Coroner. Flynn was unmarried. His
family has resided in West Oakland
for many years.
Will Fight the Open Shop.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23. —The members
of the local Cooks' and Walters' Union
will meet to-morrow evening to con
sider what action shall be taken by
the union when the Restaurant Own
ers' Association declare for the "open
shop" on February 1. Many of the
union men have expressed the
mination to walk out if the "open
shop" is declared and they say that
the union is prepared to make a hard
fight for the preservation of present
conditions.
THREE NEW
PROFESSORS
INSTALLED
EDUCATOR WHO HAS BEEN ADD
ED TO THE FACULTY OF PA
CIFIC THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY.
Exercises at Pacific
Theological
Seminary.
BERKELEY, Jan. 23.—With impres
sive ceremonies and addresses notable
for their tribute to modern thought,
three new professors of the Pacific
Theological Seminary were inducted
into office to-night at the First Con
gregational Church. The three pro
fessors are W. F. Bade, John Wright
Buckham and T. Cowden Laughlin.
The induction ceremonies were per
formed by President J. K. McLean of
the seminary. Addresses of greeting
were delivered by representative men
of the church. The audience-room was
crowded. Of unusual interest was the
inaugural address of Professor John
Wright Buckham, his subject being
"An Estimate of Evolution Theology
as Sot Forth by Joseph I»e Conte."
There were indications of marked ani
mation in the audience of professors,
ministers and church people when Pro
fessor Buckham spoke, in part as fol
lows:
In the rntifie) though yet unwritten treaty
of peace which lias followed what we may
now term the lat>- unpleasantness between
science and theology two articles Of supreme
value are guaranteed. The first is the com
plete recognition of natural science. The sec
ond is the indlspensability of theology. Evo
lution impels the scientist to theology. Com
pleteness of thought requires it. Among those
who have attempted to ('instruct evolution
theology Joseph Le Conte is pre-eminent. His
"Evolution and Its Relation to Religious
Thought" has found wide and warm accept
ance. He himself deemed it hts most Import
ant work.
What are the contributions evolution has
made to theology as we find them In the
volume? The first is the truth of the Divine
Immanence. God is In his world. Evolution
has made impossible the absentee Ood who
can be eternalized and placated. Evolution did
not discover this truth of the dlvtne presence,
but it has widened and emphasized it. Again
evolution has taken away fie Idea of special
design in nature only to substitute cosmic de
sign, a design, as Professor Le Conte says,
"embracing all space and running through all
time." Evolution has also vastly enriched
and enlarged the conception of progress. This
is Its greatest service.
It is a significant fact that not only was
this scientist who did most to commend evolu
tion to modern religious thought a member
of the faculty of our honored University of
California, but so also is the philosopher who
has done most to expo*«e the limits of evolu
tion and to uphold the sacred worth of per
sonality which evolution over-'hadows—Professor
George H. Howison. Evolution has no recog
nition of a personal God. nor any explanation of
Jesus Christ, nor any just estimate of the real
ity of evil. The God who Is transcendent as
well as immanent, above his universe as well
as In It. the Christ who is an ideal leading
on and not simply a "resident force," evil as
an enemy to be overcome, rather than as good
in disguise—of :he«- evolution affords no sug
gestion.. It must be supplemented, else it
proves misleading.
Evolution is virtually established. But the
whole tendency, both from within and from
without, to-day Is to limit it. The day of pan
evolutlon has passed. Theology may take
whatever truth evolution has brought with the
consciousness that evolution has neither sunk
nor solved the old problems. What should we
do without these problems? They are full of
discipline. Nor are they wholly Insoluble.
New meanings gather about them. New lights
flash from them. Prayer rules In theology as
elsewhere through God's developing universe.
Professor W. F. Bade, in his inaug
ural address, spoke of "Old Testament
Scholarship in Modern Bible Teach
ing." Professor Laughlin's topic was
"The Pastoral Epistles in the Light
of One Roman Imprisonment."
Of the three professors inaugurated
great things are expected by the theo
logical seminary authorities. Profes
sor Bade is said to be a man of ex
traordinary scholarship. Professor
Laughlin has been Instructor in Bibli
cal /literature at Princeton. Dr. Buck
ham was pastor of a leading Congre
gational church at Salem, Mass., for
twelve years and his achievements in
scholarship are deemed noteworthy.
Master Bakers' Association.
A call has been issued for a meet
ing of all the master bakers in Cal
ifornia to be held at some date here
after to be set during next month,
when the proposition of the journey
men bakers to unionize boys about to
learn the trade will be discussed. A
schedule of. wages for journeymen
bakers and apprentices, with other
matters relating to the bakery busi
ness, will also come in for a general
review when the convention of the
Master Bakers' Association meets. The
present officers of the association are:
President, Charles Bantel; vice presi
dent, Nichols Prost; secretary-treas-
urer. Max Wiesen Lutter; recording
secretary, Edward McDevitt.
RUN THEATERS WITHOUT LICENSE.—
Warrants were procured yesterday for tHe ar
rest of Dennis Grauman of the Unique Theater.
Edward Horn an of the Midway Plaisance and
Samuel Loverich of the Novelty Theater for
conducting- places of amusement without a
license.
PRUNES DOWN
LAWYERS' FEES
The Adoption of Schedule of
Prices in Probate Matters
Creates General Dismay
OGDEX 3IAKES NEW RULE
Los Angeles Prices, Where
Lawyers Are Many and
Work Scarce, Are to Rule
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 23.
Somewhat of a sensation was sprung
upon the attorneys practicing at the
Alameda County bar when Judge Og
j den this morning announced that he
j should adopt the Los Angeles schedule
lof prices for probate matters. It means
a large cut in the fees heretofore al
j lowed. In previous years attorneys
j were sworn and interrogated in regard
to the amount and character of the
) work done and a fee allowed accord-
S ingly. Now, by the new fee system
' for estates of $1000 or less, there will be
allowed a fee of five per cent, and on
estates up to $10,000 two per cent.
Expressions of attorneys are to the
effect that the same conditions do not
obtain here as at Los Angeles. They
say the southern city is a Mecca for
invalid attorneys who work Just to
keep busy and that there are 1200 law
yers in the town with work for about
fifty, and that the keen competition has
forced rates down to much lesß than
the actual work is worth.
IMPROVEMENT
CLUBS DOING
GOOD WORK
Zoe Green Radcliffe
OAKLAND, Jan. 2U. — That it is much eas
ier for an improvement club to accomplish
things in a small town than in a big city was
demonstrated to-day by a clever little woman
from Vallejo, Mrs. Frank W. Gorham, who
addressed the Oakland Women's Civic Im
provement Club. She is president of a sister
organization in Vallejo that in the short four
years of its atlstence has done wonders for
that town. The club Includes 200 members
and to their energy and enterprise Is due a
long list of benefactions. Their first care, of
course, was to secure clean streets, for the
Vallejo Superintendent of Streets differed not
a bit from officials In bigger towns and was
too busy doing everything else to attend to the
work he was elected to do. Clever little
"weed letters," / sent wherever needed, called
attention to neglected gardens and lots, and
then when, also tffrough the club's efforts,
two garbage men had been added to the lone
scavenger hitherto deemed suiflclent by the
city fathers, Vallejo began to assume an en
couraging "spick and span" appearance and
the women branched out into greater things.
They saw to it that the streets were sprinkled,
they started school gardens, they gave a series
of open air band concerts during the summer,
they furnished the juvenile room in the new
Carnegie library and now, to encourase the
school spirit, they have established a debating
society in the High School and are offering a
gold and a sliver medal for the successful con
testants. So much for the town of Vallejo!
But the Civic Improvement Club of Oakland
has greater odds to combat than had the
women of Vallejo. In the first place the ef
forts of the Oakland women must necessarily
be scattered, which means wasted energy. If
the town could be divided Into districts and
an improvement club formed In esch district
to co-operate with the main body It would
have a tendency to concentrate and localize
effort and make It more effective. The spirit
of competition, which is always "the life of
trad?," would then start a friendly rivalry
that could not help being beneficial. As it is,
out of the 200 or more women who are sup
posfd to be interested in the club, a mere
handful of tireless ones are struggling along
und=r the weight of political "graft" and the
leaden indifference of the people generaUy.
However, with that Indomitable woman. Mrs.
Sarah Borland, at its head, the Improvement
Club has started the ball rolling in the right
direction and when they have accomplished
the work they have begun Oakland may thank
Its women for ilean streets, children's play
grounds, shade trees, more parks and a general
beautifying of the city.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Weilbye gave a whist
dinner Saturday evening that proved to be a
very delightful affair. The dinner that pre
cdrd the whist games was quite elaborate,
consisting of eight courses. The table was a
ropy "drcßm" made real with graceful knots
and streamers of pink satin ribbon and clus
ters of exquisite carnations.
The whist prize* were won by Mrs. Henry
Bull and Asa Mendenhall.
Among the Wellbyes' guests were Mr. and
Mrs. W. A. Schrock. Mr. and Mrs. A. V. Men
denhall, Mr. and Mrs. -Henry Bull. Mr. and
Mrs. I. A. Beretta. Dr and Mrs. Fred Morse.
♦ • •
Mrs. T. L. Barker entertained the Cosmos
Club to-day.
* »
The Hill Club enjoyed its usual fine literary
and musical programme to-day at the home of
Mrs. E. T. Henshaw.
» • *
T t 'wo most important social events of the
week are the Crowell tea and Miss Marlon
Smith's vaudeville dance. Mrs. Crowell is the
bride of Court Commissioner Crowell and will
give a' large reception next Thursday after
noon at her home on Merrlmac street.
The Smith affair takes place Friday night
and is complimentary to three brides-elect—
Miss Cordelia Bishop, Miss Jane Crellin and
Miss Edith Gaskill.
Mr. and Mrs. John Ramsey Hunter (nee
Barstow) have returned from their wedding
trip and are domiciled at 1356 Franklin street,
where Mrs. Hunter will receive every fourtH
Monday.
CONCERT OF ARION CLUB
SCORES GREAT SUCCESS
Native Sons' Hall Is Crowded With
Audience Who Applaud
Rendered Programme.
The concert of the Arion Society
last night was a great success. Native
Sons' Hall was crowded to its utmost
capacity to listen to the excellent pro
gramme offered by this splendid or
ganization.
The club had the assistance of Mrs.
Decker-Cox, mezzo soprano; Dr. S.
Schalkhammer, barytone; William F.
Zech, first violin; W. yon Helms,
viola; F. Zech Jr., piano, and James
Hamilton Howe, accompanist. Fol
lowing are the officers of the club:
President, F. Hagemann Jr.; first vice presi
dent. Ludwlg Wamke; second vice president,
John V. Oppel; recording secretary, John Si ru -
men; financial secretary, Henry Dunk; treas
urer, G. Trlttenbach; librarian, L. Schaefer;
director. Frederick Zech Jr.; music committee
—M. Winter, Justus Herbst, F. Rosenstein, Ja
cob Schmitt; local committee—Adolph Becker
Sr., Charles Seegert, William John; committee
of entertainment—Hllmar Elchorn, E. Hart
man, Dr. F. W. Stapff, F. Glunk.
Arion Ladles' Clvb —Officers: President,
Mrs. W. John: vice president, Mrs. F. Hage
mann; secretary. Miss Clara Rosenstein; treas
urer. Miss Rosa Schneider; Mrs. F. Koch,
Vorsteherln Damenchor.
DIES OF HEART TROUBLE.—Oakland,
Jan. 23.—Mrs. Catherine Johnson, widow of
the late Captain James Johnson, died this
morning at har residence In Claremont, age
62 years. Death was caused by heart trouble.
Mrs. Johnson leaves eleven children. The
funeral will be held Thursday at 2 p. m. from
the late residence of the deceased. The ser
vices will b» ~— hv the Rsv Mr.
Wintler.
NO HEADGEAR
FOR "CO-EDS"
Associated Women Students
at University Take Radi
cal Action Regarding Hats
WORK OF MBS. CHENEY
Suggestion From Secretary
Bears Fruit in the
Form of Girls' Decision
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Jan. 24.
| The "co-eds" have declared against
I hats, in class room or on campus, and
J the edict for their removal has been
! prepared. It will be issued at once,
J and when the order has been promul
gated, girls of the University who con
-1 tinue to cover up their "crowning
! glory" with toque, bonnet, or what the
| irreverent term a "lid," of any descrip
j tion, are to be anathema in the ranks
i of the women students.
| The Associated Women Students of
! the university decided upon this action
iat a regular' meeting held on the
j campus to-day. They had been told by
i Mrs. May Cheney, appointment secre-
I tary of the university, who made a trip
j East last term and while away visited
| many Eastern universities, that girl
students in the East are dispensing
] with hats, both in class room and on
college campus. The desirability of
following the example of the Eastern
"co-ed" was pointed out by Mrs.
Cheney, whose influence apparently is
potent to accomplish reforms, and the
action of the associated students to
day followed.
The portion of the edict relating to
the wearing of hats on the campus will
not be enforced until' the weather has
moderated, and the storms no longer
threaten the bay district. In all class
rooms, however, the millinery that has
so often been the subject of objurga
tory remarks by men students will be
laid away, and the girls will appear
with tresses revealed to all.
The senior women last term decided
to wear "mortarboards" on the days
of university meetings, and the new
regulation is not expected to affect
them in their peculiar privilege of ap
pearing in the ancient form of uni
versity headgear on the days in ques
tion.
PERSONAL.
Attorney F. D. Nicol of Stockton is
at the Lick.
"William A. Edson of Philadelphia is
at the Occidental.
F. C. Marks, a merchant of Ukiah,
is at the California.
David Evans and wife of Salt Lake
are at the St. Francis.
Thomas H. Thompson, a Tulare busi
ness man, is at the Lick.
C. Boebemer of Borneo is one of the
latest arrivals at the Grand.
W. R. Rust, manager of a Tacoma
smelting concern, is at the Palace. •
Dr. F. C. S. Sanders and wife of
Santa Barbara are at the St. Francis.
H. A. Edwards of Grass Valley was
among yesterday's arrivals at the St.
Francis.
W. G. Johnson, a proprietor of a
hotel in Pasadena, is registered at the
St. Francis.
J. H. Queal, a wealthy lumberman
of Minneapolis, and his daughter are
at the Palace.
Frank Golden, a Nevada jeweler, who
owns mining properties at Tonopah, is
registered at the Lick.
Joseph Meltzer. a New York insur
ance man, arrived here yesterday and
is staying at the St. Francis.
Edgar T. Wallace, a well known
young New York mining man, who is
operating a property near Yreka, is at
the Palace.
George H. Skinner, a Denver capital
ist, who has been touring the world,
arrived yesterday from Australia and
is staying at the Palace.
Among the arrivals yesterday at the
Palace were Ralph Baggaley of Pitts
burg and Dr. Donald Campbell of
Butte, Mont. Baggaley is an inventor
who was identified with the Westing
house air brake paterA, from which
he derived a fortune. He is now in
terested In several valuable mining
properties in Montana.
LAND COMPANY'S OFFICER
ARRESTED ON GRAVE CHARGE
O. W. Schwitzer, secretary of the
Pine Valley Land and Cattle Company,
a Nevada corporation with "offices in
the Parrott building, was arrested last
night and charged with obtaining
money under false pretenses. An Ital
ian named Canese Giovombotto makes
the complaint and alleges that Schwitz
er received $50 from him on the un
derstanding that he should secure him
a job with the company.
According to the officers of the cor
. poration, of which Jesse Orwin is pres
j ident and J. Emmett Walsh attorney,
i Schwifzer has been using his office for
J his own purposes and pocketing his ill
i gotten gains. The first intimation the
j company had of the charge against
j Schwitzer was after he had been taken
■ into custody. The concern authorized
I the secretary to advertise the sale of
j stock, but the official is alleged to have
1 informed would-be purchasers when
I they called, at the office that, in con-
I sideration of a certain amount, they
i would receive a steady position. The
| corporation owns several thousand
! acres of land in Nevada, also several
I thousand head of cattle.
Will Discuss Coaches.
: . BERKELEY, Jan. 23.—The fate of
graduate football coaching as a sys
tem hangs in the balance at this time,
with the meeting of the intercollegi
ate committee which is to settle the
matter but three days away. Stanford
and Berkeley men will meet at the
Palace Hotel, San Francisco, on Jan
uary 27 to decide whether the agree
ment providing for graduate football
coaches at both California universi
ties, which has been in force for three
years, shall be renewed.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
8148 Center. Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1455 Park Street.
* *
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
MONDAY. JANUARY 28.
i Joseph D. and Mary A. Kennedy to Peter
' and Enriketa Masaonl. lot on YV line of Silver
I street. 257:6 N of Weston avenue or Thirty -
j eighth street. N 37:6 by \V 125. lot 17 and
> portion of lot 16. block D, Broadway and
I Telegraph Avenue Park Tract, Oakland; $10.
Hugh and Anna 8. or Anna L. Hogan (wife)
to Richard and Antoinette F. Zoliing (wife),
lot on SW line of East Twenty-seventh street,
. 276.52 SE of Thirteenth avenue, SE 60 by SW
. 140, lot 14 and portion of lot J. 3. block 8.,
Hogan's subdivision of map of block 87. High
land Park, etc.. East Oakland; $10.
I Josephine McG. and Neal J. McKeon (hus
iband) to Andrew T. McDonough, lot on S line
of Thirtieth street. 274.08 W of Telegraph
avenue. W 40, S 62, E 40. N 65. block 21»2U,
I Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
A E. M and Jessie Prenveille to Margaret
Logan (widow) lot on N line of Sixth street.
126 W of Madison (Julia). W 25 by N 100, lot
'25 block 61 Kellersberger's Map. Oakland;
I $10.
Edward or Edouard and Louise Verdier
(Qrlsel) to Julius 13.. and Hortense Charpie.
lots 1. 2, 3, 6 and N half of lot 4. block 26,
property of L. M. Bcaudry and O. Pclladeau.
being plat 41, Kellersberger's Map. Oakland,
$10.
P. D and Carrie L. O'Brien (wife.) to August
A Guglieri. lot on SB corner of Railroad
avenue (or ' Seventh street) and Chestnut
street. E 25 by S 90. block 486, Board man Map.
Oakland; $10. _ ,
Richard Weller (by Thomae Bridge, attorney)
to David B. Edwards, lot on NW line of Four
teenth avenue. 66.16 SW of East Twenty-fifth
street, NW 114.70, SW 34. SE 104.02, NE 35.64
to beginning, block 151, Clinton, East Oakland,
$10.
Scenic Park Realty Company (a corporation)
to Hannah Longbottom, lot 15, bldbk 14, Daly's
Scenic Park. Oakland (subject to easement for
drawn pipe across said lot for carrying- water
from creek and water from bills east of said
lot), deed and agreement; $10.
Thomas Bridge (single) to David S. Edwards,
lot on E line of Champion etreet, 150 N of Nic
oll avenue, N 100 by E 150, lots 30 and 21,
block B, De Wolf Tract, Fruitvale, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Emily K. Latham (widow) to Martin and
Annie Tepper (wife), lot IS. block A. Latham
Terace. Brooklyn Township, deed and agree
ment; $io.
David S. and Ethsl E. Edwards to Thomas
Bridge, lot on NW corner of Fruitvale avenue
and Parker street, N 81, W 120, N 20, W 240,
N 368.53, NW 315.13. SW 121.35, SW 60.28, SE
47.17 SE 115.43, SW 124.47, NE 101.40, SE
49.82, B\V 181.04. SW 99.74, SE 175, NE 161.28.
E 360 to beginning, lots 10, 20 to 27, Barker
Park, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Emma and Robert Cords (husband and as
attorney) to William C. Allen, lot 37, map
portion of property of Mrs. Eliza J. Hyde,
subject to conditions 1025 D. 16, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Hermann Kower (as trustee nnder 1014 D.
179, recorded December 7, 1904) to Cordelia
C. Pratt, lot on NE corner of Railroad avenui*
and Mlnturn street, E 50 by N 125, lots 1 and
2, block 36, map property of Columbus Bart
lett in town of Alameda, Alameda; $4000.
Maude, Alice or Mrs. Joseph Penso to Fran
cis W. Llndus, lot on B line of Willow street,
106 N of Encihal avenue (since widening), N
33 by E 100, portion lots 1 and 2, In W one
half of block E, property of Pioneer Home
stead Association, Alameda; $10.
Charles A. and Henrietta Smart to Bmlly
C. Gustafson (wife of C.) lot on S line of
Eighth street, 212 E of Fallon, B 28 by S
100, block 201, Kellersberger's map, Oakland;
Harlow P. Bancroft to Ludlow Hubbard,
lot 16, block S, Alpine Tract, deed and agree
ment, Oakland; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Helen A Wheeler
(single), lot 31. block B, map 3. Highland
Terrace. Oakland; $16.
Patrick J. and Mary Ellen Keller to J. R.
MacGregor, lot on S line of Rose avenue, 700
E of Piedmont avenue, E 1«1.04. NW 104.20.
N 100, lots 18. 19 and E 20 feet of lot 17, map
Keller's Rose Park, Oakland: $150. .
Veronica Bardint et al. to Lorenzo Del
chiaro (single) lot on S line of Forty-seventh
street, 190 E of West, E 60 by S 100, lot 7,
block 2112, Alden Tract at Tetneseal, Oak
land: $10.
Charlotte A. and John Lawrence to Conrad
and Mary Hoffman, lot on N line of OosS
street, \H6:~**j W of Pine. W 25 by N 100:4*4.
lot 10, block 36, mar land on Oakland Point.
Railroad Ferry Landing Tract 40fl Oakland:
$10.
Mary A. and A. V. Tuohy (husband), to Cath
erine F. C. Blake, lot 19. block G. map Tuohy's
Second addition to Berkeley, Oakland Town
ship: $10.
Pnsiual snd Maria O. Ysunza to Elizabeth
Pemas (wife of John P.). lot on E line of San
Pablo avenue. 831 :S N from S line of plat 62.
N 40 by E 130, portion plat 62, Kellersberger's
map. Ranchos V. and D. Perslta, Berkeley;
$10.
Meda snd L. Pejrelhorst (husband) to Lena
H. Wagner, lot beginning at point 85 E from
NE corner of McGee avenue and Bancroft wav,
E 90 by N 100 portion lots 13. 14. 11 snd 12.
block 9. McGee Tract, portion plat 6T, eto„
Berkeley; $10.
C. B. and Effle E. Crane (wife), William H
and Marjorie L. Glrvln (wife) to Eugene K.
Biggerstaff lot on E line of Henry street. 120
S of Vine, P 40 by B 135. portion of lot 6,
block 8, Graves ft Taylor Tract, Berkeley;
$100.
Evergreen Cemetery Asrociatlon to James
Fowler, lot in cemetery, Brooklyn Township;
$30.
Mlllaeent P. and S. A. Yarrow to Oulseppa
Antonueoto (wife of F. A.), lots It and 12.
block B. Daly Tract. Brooklyn Township: $U»
John G. Bliss to James Kearney, lot on NE
line of Briggs avenue. 1050 SE of High street.'
SE 50 by NE 203. lot 23. map Briggs Tract,
Alameda, quitclaim deed: $1.
REV. E. M. HILL RESlGNS.—Oakland
Jan. 23 —The/ Rev. Everett M. HiU, who for
three years has been pastor of the Golden
Gate Methodist Church, has accepted a csll
to the Methodist church at Baker City, Or.
Mr. Hill will preach his farewell sermon next
Sunday.
HUSBAND IS CRUEL-Oakland. Jan. 23.
Suit for divorce on the ground of cruelty Was
begun to-day by Clara D. Reed against Sam
uel B. Re«d. a carpenter, living at 2928 Otis
street. Bhe says he Is habitually Intemperate
and curses and beats her. They have one
child, of whom she asks the custody.
CAPSIZED IN THE ESTUARY.-v-Alameda.
Jan. 23.—Charles M. Couchot. Gustave Bod
thillier and Charles Thomas, all of this city,
capsized in the estuary ofT the Alameda Boat
ing Clubhouse yesterday while trying to sail a
new boat. They clung to the overturned craft
and were rescaed by Paul Kellog in a launch.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. —Oakland. Jan.
23.—ihe following marriage licenses were is
sued by the County Clerk to-day: Milton A.
Stockdale, over 21. Auburn, and lolanthe J.
White, over 18. San Francisco; Roy S. Camp
bell, over 21. San Jose, and Minnie M. Goude,
over 18, Mason City: Robert F. Jackson, over
21. and Kate F. Chamberlain.
ACQUITS VOLUNTKKH CAPTAlN.—Oak
land, Jan. 23.— J. W. Acheson, captain in the
Volunteer* of America, was discharged by Po
lice Judge Mortimer Smith to-day after trial
on a charge of stealing furniture claimed by
Dr. J. Ambrose Sander.' Acheson took the
furniture from a house at 32R Ninth street,
saying the goods had been given to him by the
Public Administrator.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
s—-i Positively cared by
AAQTTDQ these Little Pills.
VIM l\ I LIVO Tbey also relieve Dls
_ tress from Dyspepsia, In-
ITT LE digestion and Too Hearty
H 11# P D Eating. A perfect rem
la ' • edy for Dizziness. Nausea.
I PILLS, drowsiness. Bad Taste
hi the Mouth. Coated
H Tongue. Pain in the Side.
1 1 TORPID LIVER. They
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
CAPERS] CIRE SICK tt^^ ll^
■jiTTLE Genuine Must Bear
I PILLS I Fac-Simile SignaturtADVERTISEMENTS.
UFE INSURANCE PROCESSION IN CALIFORNIA IN 1904
Result of Knocking a California Enterprise on California Soil
Life Insurance Business P
In California in jJ^^^^i^^
FAMILY AGAINST FATHER
IN SUIT FOR MAINTENANCE
Mrs. Vincent and Her Daughter Tes
tify to Matters Which Defendant
Says Are Untrue.
Father and da/Qghter accusing each
other of perjury, and husband and
wife telling opposite versions of one
. story, enlivened the afternoon session
in Judge Graham's court yesterday,
and will be continued to-day in the
matter of the suit of Jane C. Vincent
against William Vincent for separate
maintenance.
■ Mrs. Vincent says her husband de-'
serted her and that tnere was another
• woman in the case. - Mr. Vincent says
she deserted him, and that there is not
••another," although he admits having
furnished a house for a stenographer
in Oakland and hired a room for him
!-self in the dwelling. Mrs. Vincent
.says that her husband's attorney,
i.Jeorge W. Averill, called upon her and
• offered her a deed to property in Oak
land if she would not oppose his suit
for.divorce. She declined. One of the
' daughters, May Vincent, corroborated
•the story and said that she was work
ing and giving all of her earnings to
' her mother, which the court declared
to be most commendable. Attorney
Ferman, representing the wife, asked
Vincent if he had not taken out a
marriage license under the name of
Johnson, changingit to Vincent when
he came before tSe priest. Vincent
denied it
Divorce was granted yesterday by
Judge Graham to Lurinda B. Weeks
■ from George H. Weeks, neglect; to
Amalia Blazl from Lawrence Biazl,
cruelty.
Joseph H. Hearne sued Johanna
Hearne for divorce on the ground of
cruelty, alleging that she had once
tried to kill herself with carbolic acid
and had often threatened to kill him.
Once he found that she had concealed
two razors in their bed. Augustus
Kolb sued for an annulment of his"
union with Minnie Anderson, which
took place Jn July, 1900. He says that
she represented that she was single,
but had another husband, John An
derson, from whom she had not been
divorced. Other suits for separation
were filed by Florence B. Thrasher
against Carrol! Thrasher and Emiel
,B. Helnrlch against Dorette Heinrich,
both plaintiffs alleging cruelty.
LBE TOT ON TRIAL. —The trial of Lee
Toy and H. A. E. Eca da 811 va. Indicted for
•llegally Importing Chinese, will begin In the
'Cnited State* District Court this morning.
COOK BOOKS FOB CULL READERS
Cut out this coupon and mail to CALL office with your
remittance of 50 cents to pay cost of. book, and if you are an
out-of-town subscriber send 25 cents additional to prepay ex
pressage.
NAME .\
ADDRESS
THE CALL'S TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK*
BOOK is the best cook book on the market. Only CALL
readers are entitled to this premium rate.
SEEK WOMEN'S RELEASE ON
WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS
Alleges That Ordinance Under Which
Arrests Are Made Is Unconstitu
tional and Bail Is Excessive..
Seventy-nine of the women arrested
at 620 Jackson street and 1129 Du
pont street during the raid by mem
bers of the Grand Jury and deputy
sheriffs on Thursday night were sur
rendered yesterday morning. Appli
cations for writs of habeas corpus
were made before Judge Cook for the
release of the women and the Judge
made the writs returnable forthwith.
About the noon hour the women
were taken from the City Prison to
Judge Cook's court, where Attorney
Henry Ach, who represented them, ar
gued that the ordinance under which
they were arrested was unconstitu
tional. He also said that they had
been held on unreasonable bail by
Police Judge Fritz, $200 for being an
inmate of a house of ill fame and $100
for being a visitor. He asked that the
bail on the writ be fixed at the usual
amount, $20 or $10.
The Judge said it was a question
vith him as to whether the ordinance
was valid. It was, he thought, a sim
ilar case to one he had before him
two or three years ago. He reduced
the bail to $20 cash in each case, and
continued the argument till this aft
ernoon.
YOUNTVILLE VETERAN
HAS A NARROW ESCAPE
Old Soldier Visits Saloons Near Home
and Suffers for His
Temerity.
YOUNTVIDLE, Jan. 28.—Sunday
morning another inmate of the Veter
ans' Home was brought from Yount
vllle In an almost dying condition.
William Hoban drew $12 of his pen
sion money last Saturday and on Uie
same evening was missing from his
quarters. Sunday morning he was
found lying on the roadside near the
Magnolia, one of the many saloons
within a short distance of the home.
He apparently had been cut all night
in the rain and when found was lying
in a ditch with Just his head above
water.
When taken to the hospital Hoban
was in a state of complete collapse
and almost dead. Artificial means had
to be resorted to in order to restore
normal respiration.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1005.
BITTER FIGHT
OVER ESTATE
Children by Different Wives
at War for Property of
Late J. Alexander Yoell
The contest to break the will of J<
Alexander Yoell, the Santa Clara pio
neer who died on July 15, 1904, is on in
Judge Kerrigan's court. A jury was
impaneled yesterday to try what prom
ises to be a long and bitter fight. On
one si3e are children of Yoell's first
wife, who, by terms of the will, re
ceived the greater'part of the estate;
on the other are children by a second
wife, who feel taat they have been un
duly slighted.
The contestants are Gertrude Ellen
Yoell, Beatrice Ellen Yoell and Emily
F. Dunn. By the terms of the pioneer's
will they are to receive $5000 apiece.
To the executrix of the will, Mrs. Eva
line Amelia Levy, and her sisters, Mrs.
Nettie Caroline Theobald and Miste
Alice Virginia Yoell, all children of
the first wife, are left the largest por
tions of the estate.
The will is contested on the ground
that the testator was not of sound
mind when the will was drawn up; also
that he "possessed certain impressions
with reference to some of his children
which were not founded on fact." Many
lawyers are Involved. On the side of
the proponents are D. M. Dei mas, H.
C. McPlke and Carl Westerfleld. The
contestants are represented by Bishop,
Wheeler & Hoefßw and ex-Judge
Slack.
The estate is now valued at about
$250,000. Jost before he separated from
his second wife, with whom he had
lived forty years, Yoell deeded half his
property to her. The remainder, over
which the contest is being waged, con
sists of property in this city valued at
about $160,000; San Jose property val
ued at $5000, and personal property val
ued at over $35,000. Various Catholic
charitable institutions receive small
legacies under the will.
Sensational developments are prom
ised, as it is alleged that Yoell once
thought his daughter Beatrice was in
a plot to poison him and that he was
suspicious of the children of his second
wife. The case will open at 10:30 this
morning.
ROBBER RECEIVES HEAVY
SENTENCE FROM JUDGE
Thirty-Five Years in Folsom Is Pun
ishment Meted Out to Felon
by Auburn Jurist.
AUBURN, Jan. 23.—Judge Prewett
to-day sentenced Fred Rose, alias Kil
mer, to thirty-flve years in Folsom
penitentiary for robbery. Rose, with
two associates not yet apprehended,
bound, gagged and robbed Hammond
Moore, an old man who keeps a road
house just out of town.
Attorney •drove L«. Johnson, leading
counsel for Adolph Weber, was in
court to-day. Twenty more names
were added to the list of 100 already
drawn, from which the jury before
which Weber will be tried will be
chosen. Weber's trial is set for Jan
uary 26.
BUCKBEE SAYS
BILL IS EVIL
Legislative Measure Causes
Talk Among the Brokers
Wlio Deal in Eeal Estate
Spencer C. Buckbee declares that a
bill introduced by Senator Hahn in
the California Legislature, January 9.
and entitled "An act to amend section
1C24 of the Civil Code, providing what
contracts must be is sure, if
enacted into ,law, to create a great
deal of friction and many lawsuits,
growing out of deals in real estate.
Mr. Buckbee says also that reputable
dealers in real estate in this city share
in his view of the matter. "It is per
haps a harsh term to use," he said
yesterday, "but the proposed law could
be used to promote blackmail."
Section 6 of the bill contains the
provisions which the real estate men
of San Francisco are eagerly discuss
ing. That section, which would re
quire brokerage contracts to be in
writing, is as follows:
An agreement authorizing or employing an
agent or broker to purchase or sell real estate
for compensation or a commission, provided
that if, under an oral agreement or authority
with such agent or broker by the owner of
real property, or his or her agent duly author
ized in writing to make such agreement or
grant such authorization, a sale or purchase
of real estate has been actually male by or
through such agent and the title to sucn real
property has been transferred, such oral agree
ment or authority shall be valid and may be
established by parole testimony; provided that
the grantor or grantee shall be liable for but
one commission or compensation; and provided
further that such agent or broker claiming a
compensation or commission, under oral agree
ment, shall bring suit for the collection cf
such commission or compensation within sixty
days after the recording of the transfer evi
dencing such purchase or sale and shall file
a written undertaking, executed by twi or
more gufflclent sureties, approved by the Judga
of the court in which said suit shall De
brought, to the effect that If the defendant
recovers Judgment the plaintiff will pay de
fendant's counsel fee to an amount not ex
ceeding one hundred dollars and all court
costs that may be sustained by the defendant
in such suit, the exact amount to be fixed by
the court.
Practically the same bill was passed
by both houses of the Legislature two
years ago but it was vetoed by the
Governor.
GUERNEVILLE TRAIN RUNS
INTO A BOULDER
Rock Loosened by Heavy Rain Rolls
Upon Track and Causes
Damage.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 33.—The Guer
neville train ran into a rock weighing
twenty-five tons near Korbel's station
a few nights ago. The pilot of the
engine was demolished and a delay of
several hours was occasioned:?'* The
reck had been loosened from its posi
tion on an adjoining hill by hard rains
and rolled upon the track. Six sticks
of dynamite were required to break
the rock to pieces.
Philippine Tariff Taken Up.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.—The Com
mittee on Ways and Means of the
House to-day began a series of hear
ings on the bill to reduce the rate of
duty on Philippine sugar coming into
the United States.
When you have an aversion to food It
is an Indication that you should take
Lash's Kidney and Liver' Bitters. *
REPORT CAUSES
HEATED DEBATE
Supervisors Engage in Word
War Over an Order Rela
tive to Street Sweeping
«
The Board of Supervisors held a
rather heated session yesterday when
it took up consideration of the re
port of the Street Committee directing
the Auditor to audit bills for the
sweeping of streets only to such an
amount as will leave a balance of
$53,750, or bne-fourth of the total ap
propriation of $215,000 for the work
during April, May and June, when
the streets are in more urgent need
of cleaning. The committee reported
a deficit of more than $12,000 in the
fund, which will have to be made up
to enable the Auditor to set aside
$53,750 for the last three months of
this fiscal year. Boxton argued that
sufficient money had not been allowed
in the budget for cleaning streets and
the deficit was due to the fact that
the one-twelfth act was not complied
with according to prevailing custom.
"I do not see the use of presenting
such a report," said Boxton, "unless
it is intended to cast a blct on some
one. Other departments have exceed
ed the one-twelfth act in expenditures
of funds, yet nothing was said about
it."
In answer to Eggers' charge that
due economy had not been practiced,
Rea and Finn defended Board of
Works, saying that the cost of street
sweeping had increased owing to the
wages of laborers having been raised
from $2 25 to $2 50 per day.
Braunhart scored the Board of
Works for not complying with the
civil service provisions in the sweep
ing of streets. He added that bills al
ready incurred for $4000 had not yet
been presented to the board and asked
the Mayor to investigate the entire
matter, at the same time handing his
Honor a statement of the expenditures
and the condition of the fund.
"There were so many demands made
for funds by the various departments,"
said D'Ancona, "that the Finance
Committee was compelled to call a
halt. It would seem that at one time
the Police Department was the only
one to get what it wanted and it
looked as if Chief Wittman with his
Supervisor oh the Police Committee
had the Supervisors handcuffed."
Boxton, who is chairman of the
Police Committee, hotly resented this
allusion, which was meant for him,
saying: "If Supervisor D'Ancona wants
to mix it I will mix it with him and
hand it back with interest. He has
accused me of trickery and I deny it.**
D'Ancona disclaimed accusing Box
ton of trickery and also denied that
the compilation of the municipal bud
get had been effected with the as
sistance of down town merchants,
saying, however, that if such had been
the case the course could only be
commended.
Boxton afterward said he apologized
if he had said anything to hurt the
Finance Committee or any Supervisor
and the board thereupon referred the
reuart back to the Street Commiittee
for further inquiry as to the operations
FIGHT FOR DUNSMUIR
MILLIONS IS STILL ON
J. J. Dwyer and Sir Charles H. Tap
per Cross Swords Over Discussion
of Probate Matters.
Expert J. J. Dwyer, who has been
testifying for nine days on probate
law questions in the Dunsmuir will
contest, occupied all day yesterday
before Consul General Bennett, sit
ting as commissioner at the British
consulate. * The morning session was
enlivened by several tilts between the
witness and Sir Charles H. Tupper,
Dwyer refusing to answer questions as
the Canadian barrister wanted them
answered. The result was fun for the
few spectators present. Dwyer's cross
examination by Sir Charles is likely
to continue several days.
J. H. S. Lowe, who was brought out
from England by Executor James
Dunsmuir to testify before the com
mission, is to be recalled for further
testimony. His return to the witness
stand was demanded by the plaintiff's
attorney and after several days' dis
cussion A. P. Luxton, representing
James Dunsmuir, yesterday agreed to
produce him as soon as Expert Dwyer
concludes.
Edna Wallace Hopper, the plaintiff,
who, if she succeeds in breaking the
will, will fall heir to a big share of
Alexander Dunsmuir's millions, is ex
pected to appear In court to-day.
TORMENTS VICIOUS BULL
AND IS GORED TO DEATH
Aged Man Fails to Heed Warning of
Danger and Meets Awful
Fate.
S A LIN A, Jan. 2 3.—Augustini Pisini,
aged 65, a native of Switzerland, was
killed by a vicious bull Saturday
night a few miles from Soledad. Pi
sini teased the bull after being warned
of the danger. He was tossed in the
air by the enraged animal and fright
fully gorefc.
Commutes Felon's Sentence.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 23.—Governor
Pardee has commuted the sentence of
John E. Sexton of Placervllle, who has
been serving two years for extortion
at Folsom prison, and he will obtain
his liberty on Monday next. The com
mutation shortens Sexton's term three
months. Sexton represented himself
to be connected with the revenue de
partment and obtained $30 from a
Placervllle cigar dealer, whom" he
caught selling cigars out of an un
stamped box.
governing the cleaning - of streets.
The Board of Works was authorized
to contract for the bituminizing of the
block in front of the Phelan building
on Market street at a cost of $2000.
The amended ordinance prohibiting
the keeping of swine and cattle within
the city limits except in Butchertown
and at the Union Stockyards was de
ferred one week. A number of prop
erty owners petitioned that the ordi- J
nance be amended so as to include St.
Mary's College tract lying easterly
from Mission street and southerly
from Crescent avenue. The petitioners
say that Louis Levy intends to defeat
the purpose of the board in ordering
him to leave his present location
where his cattle yards have proved to
be a nuisance by moving to the oppo
site side of the street, to SL Mary's
College tract. * — —<
SUICIDE OF CASHIER
STARTS RUN ON BANK
Men and Women in Columbus Rush
to "Got Deposits From East
Side Institution.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 28. —
Alarmed by the suicide to-day of
Charles H. Houseman, cashier of the
East Side Savings Bank, a run was
started on the institution. The strert
was lined with men. women and chil
dren, demanding their money. The
directors of the bank say it is solvent
and that they will pay all depositors.
The suicide of the cashier, who shot
himself," is said to have been due to
business worry.
GET A GOOD POCKET KNIFE.
HEEE'B YOUB OPPOBTTJSriTY.
flfjßf~j£ia
—• I^S£P
These knives ere high-grade cutlery,
have fine ateel blades, made to look well
and wear well. The SI.OO value has
buckhorn handle and Is a splendid knife.
The fI.TS is of the celebrated Stiletto
make, has pearl handle and Is absolutely
guaranteed satisfactory or money back.
DO YOU SHAVE TOITRSELT? Then
see my line of RAZORS. I have good
ones as low as SI.OO. Also the Gillette
Safety Razor, which requires neither hon
ing nor stropping, 95.00. The Star Safe
ty Rasor. a f2.00 value. I sell at 51.26
Mall orders promptly filled.
That Man PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST. Baa Francisco.
DISEASES OF MEN
Our modern up-to-date methods
for the certain and speedy cure of private
diseases, Stricture. Rupture, Pros
tatic Trouble. Piles, Blood Poison.
Xervous Debility and Contracted
Disorders has won for us thousands of
testimonials from patients who have
been cured.
Varicocele, we treat by our Improved
medical vibratory method, where others use
the knife. Our improved French Conee
never fall to produce a healthy and speedy
cure in the treatment of the injured
Prostate. We issue a bond mm a
guarantee to cure all cases we undertake.
Any man suffering from Weakness and
who is Undeveloped cnn obtain from ue
<free by mall) our 10 days' speclsl treat
ment and illustrated chart describing tae
cause and effect of Lost Vitality.
Consultation and advice free.
11l correspondence atrlctly pri
vate and confidential.
THE DR. TALCOTT CO
114© MARKET ST.
Opp. Hales. a»mjrrmm*iß—u Cal.
?8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECTvELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN MeN AUGHT Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE* THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
TUESDAY JANUARY 24, 1905
THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION.
THE labor strike in St. Petersburg is less an industrial than a
political movement. Circumstances have long been leading up
to it. An autocracy, especially that of Russia, which is a case of
ofie family absorbing to itself all the increment of the empire, finally
makes itself impossible, and is destroyed. The present outbreak in
the Russian capital has many features in common with the French
revolution. For that, the French politicians and ecclesiastics had
been furnishing materials for three centuries. Men may endure re
pression through one generation or many, but finally there comes
a generation filled with the spirit of sacrifice, the willingness to
die for a reaction against repression, and then the tempest comes.
Richelieu, by repression, had a hand in the revolution that
waited until he had been dead a hundred and fifty-seven years. His
successor, Mazarin, was supplying the revolution with a reason when
he advised his pupil, Louis XIV, that the proper policy was always
to be false to national treaties, and implored the Prince to cultivate
' his natural gift of dissimulation. He was dead one hundred and
twenty-eight years before it came, but he had a part in it. The revo
cation of the Edict of Nantes, by driving out of France the arts and
crafts which were possessed almost entirely by the free-minded
Huguenots, supplied the element of human distress, through the de
cline of industries, and the storm broke with a roar, when that dis
tress had gnawed at three generations. The last one did not care
what happened to it. Nothing could make its condition worse and
it walked through the blood of a king to make it better. The
. church and the state in France held together against the people
until both were pitched into the gutter.
In Russia we have all of these familiar features. One family
. absorbs all of the resources of the empire, and pockets the proceeds
of all its industries. That family keeps up an army and navy, not
for national defense, but for family defense. The church stands by
the family that owns Russia. The church, as in the case wherever
education is not secular, keeps the people in ignorance and profits
on their besotted state. The Grand Dukes of the family which owns
Russia are the most dissolute, debauched, corrupt and pious wretches
seen in Europe since the court of Louis XIV. The people have
„ been taught to look upon them as members of the family that owns
; Russia, and therefore superior beings, who have a right to their
rank vices and nasty ways.
But now there is a change. This present disturbance may not
complete the reaction. But it is one of the symptoms of it. The
ignorant and besotted people are led by Gopon, priest of the Greek
church, which comforts their superstitious souls. But the Holy
Synod immediately excomrruiicated Gopon, and set him in outer
darkness with Tolstoi. The Synod would like to let his followers
know that the holy ichor had been let out of Gopon's veins, for then
they would fear rather than trust him, but under the Synod's policy
the people are so ignorant they cannot read and there is no way of
letting them know that Gopon is no longer a priest. In this way
ignorance always reacts upon those who are responsible for it. The
Russian part of the army cannot be relied upon to shoot the people,
and there are not Cossacks enough within reach to make effective re
sistance, if the immense mob is enraged into showing its strength.
Russia has never had a real popular uprising. There have been
Polish insurrections and strife over succession to the throne, bat the
Russian people have never yet made an upheaving motion to get for
themselves larger life and liberty. The political reformers have de
pended upon murder to terrify the Government, and this method has
been without utility. The students have had occasional outbreaks
of resistance to the infamous restrictions and discipline of the
church in education, but the massacre of a few and exile of more
have sufficed to end such revolts. For this reason, if the present dis
order on the Neva result in a real uprising, an important and por
tentous assertion by the Russian people of their common interests
in the rights of man as enjoyed in other nations, it will furnish to
civists an interesting study and to history a novel chapter.
We have seen how other people revolutionize. Record is made
of the steps by which the English, French, Italians, Germans and
Spanish peoples went forward to representative government. They
all secured power in government, so that the actual people impress
themselves upon the system by which they are ruled. Russia and
Turkey are the only countries in Europe where the people are voice
less and powerless. A Russian revolution would be very interesting
to everybody except the family that owns the empire.
The incidents of Sunday and following seem to make any ac
commodation impossible. Force met with force must work out the
bloody problem. The dull Russian population is at last fired for
vengeance by the sight of its own blood. Men unarmed have beaten
generals of the army with bottles and have broken their swords. A
chapel full of holy ikons has been wrecked like a stable. Faith in
the Czar and the church has been shattered, and the whirlwind is
abroad.
THE ABUSE OF STREET ADVERTISING.
THE recent very vigorous action of Oakland's city fathers in the
matter of street signs and the reports of similar crusades against
unsightly billboards in the East makes timely the reading of an
article in the current Atlantic Monthly upon "The Ethics of the
Street." In this pfotest against the complete domination of our
cities' thoroughfares by the übiquitous advertisement of huge pro
portions and glaring invitation the writer, Marguerite Merington,
states the case against the evil very roundly and offers convincing
testimony to the effect which this public malady has upon city
dwellers.
To this writer the presence of flaunting panegyrics upon the
merits of certain whiskies, the delights of cheap smokes and the bliss
ful pleasures that must come from the wearing of certain perfected
garments, offered to the public at a philanthropic reduction, not only
blunts the artistic sense of every individual but has a positive demor
alizing effect upon each and every one of us. The psychology of
street signs seems to her to be readily solved in terms of definite hurt
to urban residents. What can be the result of constant reminders :
that such and such a thing relieves "that tired feeling" after a night
of straying in pastures ambrosial; what the effect of a ceaseless
dinning upon our conscience of the perils lurking at our elbow from
hideous diseases that yield only to the treatment of a certain quack
nostrum? A sordidness of feeling and a dulled instinct for the best
life are the least of the resultant evils.
"How vital an impression does it produce upon a girl," says
this voice of protest, "to tell her that tight lacing is injurious when
misshapen forms are presented as objects of fashionable elegance for
her emulation during recreation hours? Of what use is it to warn the
boy that nicotine -and alcohol are bad for him, so long as the city
covers the walls of his playground with dazzling invitations to smoke
and drink, at the same time assuring him that all possible unpleasant
consequences will be pleasantly averted by the action of a candy
bolus while he sleeps?" Not only are the adults, then, open to the
deleterious influences of riotous advertising, but the rising generation
feels at once its malign power.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
A mistake was made when the taxes imposed for war purposes during
the little spat with Spain were abolished. No one felt those taxes. Had they
been retained we should be having an Income something like seventy-five mil- |
lions more than at present, and that would be sufficient for everything.—Phlla- I
delphia Inquirer.
,
It would hardly be fair to htm to put Dr. Chadwick in the same cell with
his wife. • Lacking opportunity to practice on anybody else, she Is likely to
borrow money from the doctor. —St. Paul Globe.
An English Earl is charged with bigamy. It must be that a single Araer
lean heiress wasn't quite enough to lift the ancestral mortgage.—Detroit
Journal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 24, 1905.
IN THE HALL OF FAME AND FUN
WHITELAW REID, EDITOR AND DIPLOMAT, AND JOHN D.
ROCKEFELLER, WHO TRUSTS IN—NEW JERSEY.
—NEW YORK HERALD.
THE GIFT OF HER DAUGHTER
c £ I SUSPECT that she will cause
I me to end my days in a mad-
I house."
■ Mrs. Pemberton's words were
tragedy itself, but her voice
was calm, even colorless, and her
he~d rested comfortably against the
back of a scarlet cushioned easy
chair. Knowing Mrs. Pemberton, I
gauged the circumstances b" her po
sition rather than her manner of.
speech.
"What is Florence's latest?" I
queried, sitting down on the top step
and gizing up admiringly at Flor
ence's youthful mother.
Mrs. Pemberton glanced at me fur
tively. "Do you love the child?" she
suddenly asked.
"Sure," I answered laconically,
musing the while on the harmony be
tween delicate coloring and soft
, brown hair.
"Then why don't you marry her?"
I looked inquiringly at my inter
locutor. Her coloring was quite vivid,
after all.
"You do me honor," I said dryly,
"but I fear I'm too old for kindergar
ten work."
Mrs. Pemberton sighed. "She is 17
to-day. I was only a year older
{ when she was born."
I made a swift mental calculation.
! "Of course I cannot coerce any one
into marrying the chUd—l couldn't
' even mention it to any one but a tried
! friend like you—but I somehow fan
, cied that you were fond of her. I
do think that marriage might take
these thousand and one foolish fan
cies out of her head."
"You haven't told me yet what—"
"I'm coming to it. As I said, to
day is her birthday. A year ago I
promised her a string of pearls for
her next gift. This morning I asked
her what she wished, thinking, of
course, that she would answer, 'that
beautiful string of pearls, mamma.'
; Any other girl would, but not she!"
Mrs. Pemberton made a dramatic
pause.
"Well?" I ventured, shifting my po
sition a little that I might the better
observe a pair of handsome eyes.
" 'Of all things in the world, dear
mamma, I do want a planchette!' "
I chuckled. Mrs. Pemberton frowned
entrancingly at me.
"Now, don't pretend that you know
what a planchette is," she reproved,
"for I don't believe you do. I didn't,
but you may be sure I didn't let my
daughter know the Ignorance of her
mother. I told her to choose one her
self, and send the bill to me."
"Bravo!" I exclaimed. "And then?"
"As soon as she was gone, I ran to
the dictionary, Just as you would have
done." Her remark was pointed.
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
HE'D BEEN WHALED.
Caller —I understand that whaling
in the Actio regi* Is not as good as
It .used to be.
Johnnie —Well, I guess the kids up
there are mighty glad.
INA WEIGHT HANSON
"What is a planchette?" I asked
diplomatically. I even hesitated a lit
tle over the pronunciation.
Mrs. Pemberton leaned over and pat
ed my shoulder.
"Honest little boy," she commended.
Then she settled her cushions again,
closed her beautiful eyes and recited:
" 'A small board fitted with a pencil
and two casters, made to move easily
over a sheet of paper when hands rest
* f
| "I took out the paper and read." j
+ 1 r
lightly upon it; once believed by some
to write independently of the volition
of the person or persons touching it,
but generally explained by the domi
nant idea.' "
"Ye gods! The memory of her!" I
exclaimed.
Mrs. Pemberton regarded me com
placently.
"Then, of course, I turned to dom
inant idea. It means 'an idea fixed in
the mind of Its subject by the power
of habit or otherwise —' "
"Stay!" I interrupted hastily. "Is
that the little beast In there on the
table?"
Mrs. Pemberton turned her shapely
head in the direction of my pointing
finger.
"It Is," she affirmed.
ALL SWAMPS.
Hix—How did you buy your place
In Lonlyville? By the foot or acre?
Dlx—Neither. By the quart.
"Let's see if we can make it write,"
I wheedled, springing up and looking
down into her brown eyes. Dear heart!
Did she think I wanted Florence?
"I verily believe you would abet the
child in her folly," she murmured, but
she rose quickly and went into the
parlor.
"First, a piece of paper," I said gayly.
I found several leaves on the window
seat. I put one under the planchette,
and we seated ourselves at the table.
Mrs. Pemberton laid one small hand on
the heart-shaped board, and I put my
hand on her hand.
"That's not the way," she said
hastily.
"It's the latest improved," I declared!
boldly. "I know more about these little •
'animals than you think."
Now 1 was certainly possessed of a j
dominant idea, and I was very much i
excited in finding out whether the plan- j
chette would apprise Mrs. Pemberton I
of it. So excited, in fact, that I de-!
liriously passed my free arm around
her pretty shoulders, and laid my face I
against hers. We both closed our eyes.
She moved ever so slightly.
"Sh!" I warned. "It's writing!"
Sure enough it was moving spooklly
over the paper. We held our breaths. i
Finally it gave two small Jerks and
stopped. Mrs. Pemberton threw off my
arm and sat up ungracefully straight.
I took out the paper and read:
" T am sure dear mamma loves Mr.
Paul, and he—' "
"Nonsense!" cried my lady.
"See for yourself," I pretested,
handing her the paper. "It is not your
writing, and it is not mine. Some
thing uncanny about it, isn't there?
It ought to be true, dear," I went on,
as she studied the writing, "for Mr.
Paul loves dear mamma with all of
his unworthy heart. I don't want to
be Florence's hubsand, sweetheart; I
want to be her father."
The paper slipped from her hands.
She turned toward me, her lustrous
eyes tearful. I took her in my arms,
and was bending my head, when we
heard a voice singing in the hall.
Mrs. Pemberton ran to the piano, and
I sat down on the sofa.
"Hello, folks," greeted Florence
cheerfully, running into the room.
"Please don't detain me. I just came
for my letter. I want to get it out on
this mail. Why, where's the rest
of it?"
Mrs. Pemberton's nervous fingers
were Jerking out the chord of D. I sat
speechless. Presently Florence's sharp
eyes spied the missing sheet. She
picked it ud. She looked from her
mother to me and laughed.
"I wouldn't try the planchette with
out sharpening the pencil," she sug
gested mockingly. "It won't work
without graphite."
She ran out and I went over to the
piano.
"It did work, didn't it, best be
loved?" I whispered, resuming where
Florence's entrance had Interrupted.
(Copyright, 1905, by Ina Wright Han
son.)
TOO BAD.
Doctor Pillsbury—l don't like that
ough of yours.
Mr. Kidder—l'm sorry, doc, but it's
he best one I've got.
THE SMART SET
Amid the gayety of an o'erbusy wm
! ter, the wail for distress is heard and
harkened unto. But 'tis ever thus in
our big generous West, where every
man "is his brother's keeper." Atten
tion is now concentrating upon the
, coming benefit for the endowment fund
lof the Children's Hospital. "Vaudeville
' stunts" will hold the boards at the Al
j hambra on Wednesday evening, Febru-
I ary 15, where all sorts of queer "stunts"
j will be worked off by and on the smart
: set.
I The true nature of these "turns" Is
j still in the dark, but it is sufficient to
know that our clever—and ofttimes dar
ing—maids and matrons will take a
i hand in some of the delineations.
The auxiliary is composed of a score
of society women, who are lying awake
nights to generate new "features."
They promise to make the Cafe Chan
tant a cross-roads school performance
! —and that Paris boulevard affair
wasn't half bad.
• • *
Miss Alice May is the next young
I hostess who will do honor to the fa
vored fiancee, Miss Paula Wolff. A
luncheon next Monday will see the con
, vening of several maids to chatter over
the mysteries of trousseaux and how to
manage a husband—when you get one.
• • •
An elaborate tea will be give ■ at the
St. Francis Hotel by Mrs. Charles
• Minor Cooper on Friday afternoon
' from 3 to 5.
• mm
Next Thursday is the day set for the
I departure of Mr. and Mrs. Charles
i Eells and Miss Dorothy Eells for the
! East, thence to Europe for a prolonged
! trip over the Continent.
• • •
'• A luncheon was given at the Colonial
yesterday by Mrs. William Gruenhagen
:in honor of Mrs. Clark F. Goddard.
Carnations and violets were the chosen
j flowers for decoration, making a har
j monlous setting. The guests dining
■ with Mrs. Goddard were: Mrs. John
D. Sibley, Mrs. W. W. Standeford, Mrs.
E. M. Herrick, Mrs. Charles Mau, Mrs.
: Arthur Brown, Mrs. John Gwin, Mrs.
James A. Johnson, Mrs. William R.
! Davis, Mrs. Harold Warwick, Mrs. L.
Ghlrardelli.
• • • •
Mrs. Felix B. Gallndo will give a sil
ver tea at 1304 Leavenworth street to
: day, from 2 to 6 p. m., for the benefit,
jof All Saints' Mission. Music, refresh
' ments and palmistry will be the lead
ing features of a pleasant day. There
will be no admission fee, but guests will
be expected to contribute silver offer
i ings. Mrs. Galindo will be assisted by
' Mrs. J. Goddard Clarke, Mrs. J. D.
FASHION'S MIRROR.
A modish costume of dark green cloth, trimmed simply with
shirring, and shoulder collar of green panne, bordered with
black braid in pointed design. A silver buckle clasps the col
lar beneath the butter lace chemisette. Butter lace falls at
the wrist.
ANSWERS TO VARIOUS QUESTIONS.
CHANCERY—B„ Upper Lake, Cal.
! This department does not recommend
| "one or more lawyers who would
; handle a case in chancery."
SPEAKER — Subscriber, City.
Schuyler Colfax was Speaker of the
House for three successive terms, that
is for the Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth
j and Fortieth Congresses.
ANNAPOLIS—G. E. M., City. For
1 positive information relative to exami
nations for admission to the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, communicate
with the Representative from the Con
gressional district in which you live.
TEACHERS—A Reader, City. The
school law of the State of California
says: "No person is eligible to teach
lin any public school in this State or
SALLY SHARP
Ruggles, Mrs. W. C. Morrow, Mrs. J.
H. Mallett, Mrs. G. B. Armstrong, Mrs.
T. E. Smith, Mrs. Burr Weeden, Mrs.
Horace Bruce, Mrs. E. S. Wilkens, Mrs.
F. C. Young, Miss Daisy Sabin, Miss
Evelyn Stacker, Miss Bessie Houghton,
Miss Emily Chamberlain, Miss Lyon,
Miss Meslck, Miss Holcomb, Miss Hoyt.
and others.
• • •
Mrs. M. H. Miall was the hostess at
a charming studio tea on Sunday after
noon. Located in the Lionhead studio
building, surrounded by artists, Mrs.
Miall has beautiful apartments. On
Sunday many friends and visitors
called, appropriately "warming" the
new quarters.
Receiving with Mrs. Miall was Mrs.
George H. Carr and among the callers
were: .Mr. and Mrs. Jules Mersfelder.
Maren Froelich, Mrs. Sarah de Wolf,
Theodore Wores, Charles H. Lombard
Nathan Landsberger. and a number of
officers and ladies from the Presidio.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Hill will enter
tain at dinner on the evening of Feb
ruary 2.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Martin left yes
terday for New York en route to
Europe.
• » •
Miss Constance Crlmmins and Miss
Katherlne McCann, two stunning Goth
am visitors, will be entertained by Miss
Elizabeth Cole and Miss Florence Cole
on January 30 afr a tea to which all the
younger members of society have been
asked.
• • •
Judge and Mrs. W. W. Morrow are at
home again from their visit to Wash
ington, D. C. Judge Morrow, a trustee
to the Carnegie National Institute, se
cured funds for a Carnegie Library and
a life appropriation for Luther Bur
bank, the horticulturist.
• • •
The Episcopal clergy of San Fran
cisco will tender a large reception to
Bishop Nichols on Thursday evening at
the St. Francis.
• • •
Mrs. F. M. Angellottl and Miss Mar
ion Angellotti of San Rafael are greatly
enjoying their life abroad. During
their absence the Angellottl home is oc
cupied by Mr. and Mrs. Robert Menzies.
• • •
Mrs. Mary Austin, the author, is con
valescent after a month's illness In this
city. She will return to Bakersfield
before going to her own home in In
dependence, Inyo County. "Her Neigh
bor's Field" is evidently calling.
• • •
Among the busy hostesses of yester
day was Miss Edith Mau, who enter
tained at luncheon.
to receive a certificate to teach who
haa not attained the age of 18 years."
A JURY—C. S., City. If a man
during an altercation was killed by
one of three men who were subse
quently arrested and tried for mur
der, but neither declaring which fired
the fatal shot, the Jury trying the case
would be guided by the instructions
of the court as to whether it could
find a verdict against the accused. This
department is not in a position to de
clare what the Jury would do under
the circumstances.
Townsend's California Glace fruit* in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 716 Market st*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 80 Cali
fornia street Telephone Main 1042. ■SAYS HEBBARD
IS PREJUDICED
♦
Bakery Union Asks Removal
of Boycott Case to Some
Other Court for Hearing
■RELATIVES IN BUSINESS
♦
Affidavit Alleges That the
. Judge Gave Advice to
V. the Enemies of Labor
. The relationship of Superior Judge
J. C. B. Hebbard to persons interested
,in the bakery business is made the
grounds for a motion to remove pending
boycott proceedings from his court to
that of some other Judge for trial. A
notice of the motion, to be made next
■ Friday, was filed yesterday by Attor
ney R. P. Troy, acting for the defend
. ants, in the suit of Thorp & Co.
against the unions of Bakery and
Confectionery Workers, Pie Bakers
■ and Salesmen of Bakery Goods, for
an injunction to restrain the defend
ant* from committing acts injurious
to the plaintiff's business.
Accompanying the notice is an affi
davit of Paul Graves, one of the de
fendants. He charges that Judge
Hebbard's wife, brother-in-law and
father-in-law, the latter now dead,
jwere for many years Interested in bak
eries, and that as a matter of friend
ship and feeling for the interests of his
. relatives the Judge has advised them
how to combat the unions named. On
this account, says Graves, the Judge
is biased and the defendants cannot
have a fair trial in his court.
The affiant recites at length his
idea of the purpose of unions to bet
ter the material condition and elevate
the .moral tone of the workingman.
He quotes certain strong paragraphs
from Judge Hebbard's opinion in the
Goldberg-Bowen suit against the Sta
. blemen's Union. One of the phrases,
it is claimed, Justifies violence on the
. part of a person boycotted and ex
presses the opinion that such would
•meet with the approval of a Jury un
der the right of self-defense.
• -It is further alleged by Graves that
Judge Hebbard recently remarked,
. "I intend to stand for another shot
tb-morrow if the unions do not like
my views." It is charged, too. that he
has expressed himself as antagonistic
to labor unions generally and to all
. connected with them.
COLUMBIA BOX OFFICE
OPENS FOR "THE LIARS"
Daily Rehearsals Promise to Show
Professional Mouthers a Few
Things Aoout Stagecraft.
This morning at 9 o'clock the box
office opens for the advance sale of
seats for the benefit performance of
"The Liars" to be given next Thurs
day afternoon at the Columbia The
ater. The patronesses of the affair
have disposed of a number of boxes
and groups of seats at advanced prices
and these reservations only will be
nrade in advance. Otherwise the box
sheet will be clean and those first in
Jine will be able to get choice loca
, tions. The prices for the benefit are
$1 50 and |L Come early.
The Naval Club house, in aid of
which this benefit is to be given on
Thursday afternoon, is one of the
.•worthiest institutions of Hs kind in
America, and the money to be raised
' through the efforts of the society folk
who appear in the cast and those of
the committee who have been working
hard in the interests of the affair, will
help to pay off an indebtedness on the
building at Vallejo. It Ib believed
. that an immense line of ticket pur
chasers will be on hand this morning
when the box offlce opens, as hun
dreds of inquiries have been made re
garding the advance sale of seats, etc.
Many tickets have been sold by the
and these are to be ex
changed at the box offlce for reserved
seats.
REAPER GETS TEN BABES
IN THE LAST NINE DAYS
'. Acute Stomach Trouble Results Fa
tally at the San Francisco -
Foundling Asylum.
Ten Infants, whose ages range from
one to four months, have passed away
■of acute gastritis at the San Francisco
. Foundling Asylum, Twenty-ninth and
Point Lobos avenues, within the last
nine days. A number of children are
• still sick, and many more will prob
ably die.
The nurses say the ohildren are
. ■ brought to the place in a weak and
famished condition, and it Is very hard
]to save them. Dr. Lucia Lane, the
superintendent of the place, says the
authorities have done all In their
power to nourish the unfortunate
foundlings, but In nearly every In
stance an attack of stomach trouble
proves fatal.
The parents of all the unfortunate
little ones are not known to the au
thorities. The foundlings are brought
to the asylum when but a few days
old and left to the mercies of the
" nurses. The Board of Health was no
tified of the death of each child, and
after an Investigation concluded that
' death could not have been prevented,
as the surroundings were clean and
the food of flrst-class quality In every
respect.
The author les at the foundling
. asylum reported the deaths to the
Health Board as follows: January 15,
three deaths; January 16, three
deaths; January 18, one death; Jan
' vary 19, two deaths; January 28, one
death.
EVER STOP
to think what coffee
MAT be doing to yon?
Make the change to
POSTUM
10 days and find out.
FRAUD CHARGE
DOES NOT HOLD
Judge Hebbard Rules Upon
Interesting Case Wherein
Warring Heirs Gain Point
CONTRACT IS VALID
♦
Mrs. Boggs' Promise to Di
vide Estate to Avoid Con
test Must Be Fulfilled
Judge Hebbard, in a written opinion
denying defendants' motion for Judg
ment on the pleadings, disposed yester
day of the important phases of the suit /
of Mildred Wellendorff and others
against Mac H. B. Boggs and others.
W. L. Smith, owner of landed and
other Interests in Siskiyou and Shasta
counties, died in May, 1902. His will,
executed ten years before, made Mrs.
Boggs, a niece, the sole legatee, al
though he then had two sisters living.
Five nephews and nieces, heirs at law,
considered that they had good grounds
for contest and, it was alleged, to in
duce them to refrain from opposing the
will, Mrs. Boggs drew a written agree
ment to give each of the five a one
tenth interest in the estate.
This agreement was signed by all the
parties excepting W. A. Bacon, one of
the nephews. Mrs. Boggs neglected to
obtain his signature but proceeded to
get a distribution of the estate to her
self. Since then she has declined to
divide with her relatives. Mildred Wel
lendorff, now dead, Andrew J. Bacon
and lone Spencer sued for their shares
under the agreement. Mrs. Boggs
pleaded the statute of frauds, saying!
that the nephews an ' nieces knew Of i
the existence of the two sisters, who, as ]
heirs at law, would each be entitled
to a fourth of the estate, leaving only i
one-twentieth for each of the remain- j
ing nephews and nieces; and that in ;
view of the knowledge their agreement j
was a conspiracy to withhold testimony
and defraud the sisters, who, living
outside the State, were not acquainted
with California laws.
Judge Hebbard holds that the plain
tiffs performed their part of the con
tract by not contesting the will and
the statute of frauds cannot be pleaded
against them. He also says that the
decree of distribution is not conclusive
M to contests between the heirs and the
assignees and the performance by the
plaintiffs of their part of the contract j
prevents Mrs. Boggs from retaining
either the personal or real property of j
the estate. The court also granted a
motion to compel Mrs. Boggs to answer
certain questions on deposition.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
DEL NORTE LIBELED.—In the United j
States District Court yesterday Fred N. Flnke
filed a libel against the schooner Del Norte
to recover $101 for meat supplied. J. Mich
aelis Launch Company also filed a libel against
the Del Norte to recover $44 for towing.
CAN COMPANY SUED.—The United Manu
facturing Company yesterday sued the United s
Can Company for $6204 66 due for canmaking
machinery delivered last May, and Axel John
son, manager of the can concern, sued for $2100
salary and $4394 for money loaned and paid out
for the company's benefit.
CHILD ENJOYS . QUININE. —Durdea
Healey. a little boy baby two years old.
swallowed about forty grains of quinine at
the residence of bis parents, 134 McAllister
street, yesterday. Tha little fellow submitted
to the stomach pump operation at the Central
Emergency Hospital without a whimper.
BENICIA WATER COMPANY.—Articles of
incorporation were filed yesterday by the Be
nicia water Company. It has a capital stock
of $500,000. of which $600 has been subscribed
by M. B. Kellogg and $50 each by Alexander
Hamilton C. E. Hume, John E. Mllee, Edward
Sale, Alphonse Judis and Charles N. Brier, the
latter of Oakland.
STEFFENS' TRIAL POSTPONED.—The
case of Adolph Steffens, charged with fraudu
lently voting at the last primary election, waa
on Judge Lawlor's calendar for trial yesterday.
As Detective Taylor, the arresting officer, la
absent from the olty, and it waa deemed es
sential to have his testimony, the trial waa
continued till to-morrow.
ACCOUNT OF DOE ESTATE.—The Union
Trust Company yesterday filed It* account of
the administration of the estate of the late
Charles F. Doe. It shows receipts amounting
to $791,099 76 and disbursements of $498,994 15,
leaving J292.106 51 on hand. Among the lega
cies paid was $108,000 to the of Cali
fornia for a new library.
CABINET-MAKER KILLS HIMSELF.—
Ernest Pedrotta. a cabinet-maker, 22 years
old, killed himself Sunday night by inhaling
illuminating gas at his residence, 1910 Baker j
street. His mother found his dead body yes- !
terday morning In the kitchen with one end
of a rubber hose in his mouth and the other
affixed to a gas burner.
SAYS SHE W r AB ROBBED.—Mrs. Josle
Murphy, 15 Vi Market street, reported to the :
police on Sunday night that a man had at- i
tacked her at 645 Minna street and had stolen I
her purse containing $2 50. She accused a
man of the crime, but when he was brought '
before her she said he was not the criminal. !
As Mrs. Murphy was under the influence of
liquor she was booked for being drunk.
UNITED RAILROADS SUED.—The trial
was begun yesterday before a jury In
Judge Graham's court of the suit of Mabel
Brooks against the Market-street Railway for
$10,400 damages for a broken collar-bone re
ceived in a rear end collision of cars on H
street, near Stanyan, In June, 1900. The suit
has long been pending and it contains many In. j
teresting features.
INSTRUMENT MAKER WANTED.—The |
United States Civil Service Commission an- j
nounces an examination on February 15 for
the position of instrument maker. Coast and
Geodetic Survey. Age limit. 20 years or over.
Apply Civil Service Commission, Washington,
D. C, or to the secretary board Civil Service
Examiners, 801 Jackson street, San Francisco,
for application form 1098.
CHILDREN ABUSED.—M. J. White, secre
tary of the Society for the Prevention of Cruel
ty to Children, yesterday applied to the Supe
rior Court for letter* of guardianship over Rose,
Mary and Frances Murray, aged 16, 14 and 12.
Their father, William Murray, has not con
tributed to their support, and their mother,
Margaret Murray, Is addicted to drink and has
been sentenced to thirty days in Jail for her
abuse of tha eldest daughter.
BURGLARS IN THE MISSION. —Albert
Burtholdy, barber and Jeweler, 234 Cortland
avenue, reported to the police yesterday that
his store had been entered by a burglar early
Sunday morning and articles of the value of
$20 50 stolen. A. & P. Burnett reported that
their store on the San Bruno road, near the
county line, had been entered on Sunday
morning and $2 In nickels and dimes stolen
from two slot machines.
FINDS STRANGER IN HER ROOM.—Mrs.
Bert Mason, who occupies apartments at tha
Willard. 871 Turk street, was awakened be
tween 2 and 8 o'clock Sunday morning by a
noise in her bedroom. She saw the figure of
a man and asked "Who is there V The man
did not reply, but ran out of the room and
down the rear stairs. Bhe lit th* gas and
found that the intruder had stolen a gold
neck chain with topaz pendant valued at $30.
She was unable to give any description.
SPEAKS AT LUTHERAN CHURCH.—Th*
Rev. Dr. Hadlock. field secretary of California
Christian Endeavor Union, delivered the ser
mons op Sunday at the First English Lutheran
Church. Geary street, near Octavla. Despite
the inclement weather, a large congregation
was lp attendance both morning and evening.
Nfxrnßunday Dr. Hadlock will again apeak at ,
the Lutheran church both morning and even
ing.
HOWARD GETS TWENTY YEARS.—Har
ry Howard, twice convicted of robbery by a
jury In Judge Cook's .court, was sentenced
yesterday to serve twenty years In Folsom
penitentiary. He held up William Little's
saloon at 760 Howard street on December 6, j
1903. While running away be drew a re- j
volver and fired at Policeman Skelly, who re- i
turned the fire. One of the bullets wounded a \
boy. Howard was first convicted on August '
17, was granted a new trial and was again
convicted on December 6. He had served a
term in Missouri for robbery. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1905.
POLICE SAY
HE HAS HAD
16 WIVES
More Light Thrown
on the Career
of Hoch.
♦
New Tale ol Poisoning Told
Concerning Death ol
One Spouse.
Three Others Known to Have Lived
but Short Time After His
Marriage to 1 hem
* Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. 23.— "1 am being
poisoned."
One of the many wives of Johann
Hoch -is alleged to have made this
statement on her deathbed. The in
formation was furnished Inspector
Shippy to-day by Mrs. William Stein
brecher, the daughter-in-law of Mrs.
Mary Steinbrecher-Hoch. She furnished
the police with considerable informa
tion in the Hoch case and also identi
fied a photograph which was found to
day in the rogues' gallery, together
with evidence that the now much
wanted man had served one year in
jail and one year in the Bridewell for
disposing of mortgaged property.
"My mother-in-law married Hoch in
August, 1894, and two months later she
died mysteriously after one short
week's sickness," said Mrs. Stein
brecher. "The day before she died she
told me that she was being poisoned.
Shortly after her marriage my mother
in-law made Hoch her sole heir and
he got all her property, amounting to
about $3000. Nothing was ever done
about investigating her death as the
physicians Issued .a certificate to the
effect that her death was due to nat
ural causes."
Inspector Shippy was flooded with
information concerning the alleged
marrying and swindling mania of Hoch
to-day and in speaking of the case he
said:
"I now know of twelve living wives
of this man and at least four who
have died. I have enough evidence
against him to send him to the pen
itentiary for the balance of his life.
I also have information of three or
four suspicious deaths.
"From one of the women to whom
I have talked," he continued, "I have
learned that Hoch was once a drug
gist, and it is my opinion he employed
some chemical process or slow poison
ing in his work, such as might puzzle
the most expert physician. From the
stomach or intestines of Mrs. Hoch,
his latest victim, whose body was ex
humed at Oakwoods on Saturday, there
may still develop evidence of poison."
4 ■ *
BRIBERY FUND
IN PORTLAND
Liquor Dealers Kaise Money
With Which to Purchase
the Legislature of Oregon
c
Special Dispatch to The Catt.
PORTLAND, Jan. 23—Persistent ru
mors that the Liquor Dealers* Associa
tion has used money to bribe the Ore
gon Legislature to amend the local
option law passed at the last session
so aa to make it nugatory have led
to the introduction of a resolution by
Senator Haines calling for a committee
to investigate. The resolution recites
that it was a matter of comment prior
to the convening of the Legislature
that money would be used by the
liquor interests to secure the revision
or repeal of the local option law and
further that these rumors have since
assumed the definite form that a brib
ery fund has been raised. The Senator
declares this will cast a taint on the
Legislature and asks for the appoint
ment of a committee of five to investi
gate and report.
SANTA FE STOCKHOLDERS
TO VOTE ON BOND PLAN
Action to Be Taken To-day on Propo
sition Involving Fifty Mil
lion Dollars.
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 23.—The
Santa Fe officials are gathering In To- !
peka to-night for the meeting of the
stockholders and directors of the road
set for to-morrow. They will vote on
the proposition to issue $60,000,000
bonds.
There is some opposition to the is
suance of the bonds, which is being
led by Director B. P. Cheney of Bos
ton. Among those who will attend
the meeting is President Ripley and
Third Vice President Kendrick.
EXPERTS FIND GROSS
FRAUDS IN COLORADO
Report Made on Irregularities to
Committee Hearing Guber
natorial Contest.
DENVER, Jan. 23. —The Joint legis
lative committee, which is considering
the Peabody-Adams Gubernatorial
contest, to-day received the reports of
nine handwriting experts on the bal
lots of nineteen precincts examined by
them. Out of a total of 4079 votes the
experts deemed 1438 to be fraudulent.
One expert found that out of 238 bal
lots in one box 181 had never been
numbered, as provided by law.
Don't Argue: Don't Infer; Use It.
Leslie Sterilized Bait will suit you because it*
contains no typhoid germs. Free running for
table. Velvet grain for kitchen, Orocera' •
FORTIFICATIONS
BILL PASSED
Teller' Takes Occasion to
Object to New Agreement
Made With Santo Domingo
USURPATION OF POWER
Unsuccessful Attempt Made
by Beveridge to Set Date
for a Vote on Statehood
♦
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.—Beveridge
made another ineffectual effort in the
Senate to-day to have a time fixed for
voting on the statehood bill. The op
posing Senators expressed an unwill
ingness to vote on the bill until the
amendments shall have been disposed
of and Beveridge would not consent to
a vote on them without an agreement
extending to the bill itself.
The fortifications appropriations bill
was passed, after the rejection of the
amendment striking out the provision
for insular fortifications.
When the Senate met to-day Perkins
of California presented the credentials
of Frank P. Flint. The credentials of
Lodge of Massachusetts, Winthrop
Murray Crane of Massachusetts and
McCumber of North Dakota were also
presented.
Teller criticized the apparent lack of
Bystem in fortifying the insular posses
sions. He was not in favor of any
great expenditure on the islands, with
the future policy in view of the ulti
mate turning of them over to their in
habitants.
Teller said he had noticed in the
morning papers that we were about to
take another island, "that we are guar
anteeing the stability of the Island of
Santo Domingo."
"It is a great job," he added; "it
means an army in' Santo Domingo." j
"I deny," he continued, "the author- !
ity of the executive department to
make any agreement to bind the people j
of the United States in the way mdi- ;
cated. It is an assumption of author
ity on the part of the executive."
Perkins of California replied briefly
to Teller as to his remarks relating to
the Philippines. The islands were
United States territory and the im
provement provided was necessary, he
said.
Money expressed the opinion that the
Japanese were the natural protectors
of the Filipinos if they need a protec
tor, which he did not believe to be the
case.
Teller's amendment to strike out the
provisions for insular fortifications was
voted down, 17 to 38, a party vote. The
bill was then passed.
Beveridge made an effort to secure an
agreement to vote on the statehood
bill, but opposing Senators objected.
"It is contrary to precedent to fix a
date to vote on statehood bills," sug
gested Carmack, referring to the oppo
sition to the omnibus statehood bill of
last session, which was led by Bev
eridge. The thrust Ifareated a general
smile at Beveridge's expense, in which
he joined.
At 6 o'clock the Senate went into
executive session and five minutes later
adjourned.
STEAMSHIP SAILS THROUGH
LAYERS OF PUMICE STONE
Thick Coating Found on the See in
the Vicinity of the Benin
Islands.
HONOLULU, Jan. 17.—0n her way
over from Manila the big freighter
Texan had an experience that kept
her officers anxious for several hours.
When near the Benin Islands the
steamship ran into thick layers of
pumice stone, which had evidently
just been emitted, by some volcano.
It kept getting thicker and thicker
until there were finally patches of
It as much as 600 feet long. So thick
was the field of pumice that it was
impossible to see water for several
hours.
Captain Morrison was unable to
see any volcano on the islands, but
believes that one was in eruption In
that locality. However, it may be
that the seismic outburst may have
occurred under the sea, the pumice,
which is very light, rising to the sur
face.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.—The follow
ing- Californlahs arrived in New York
to-day:
From San Francisco—S. L. Bern
stein, at the Savoy; T. D. Poulger. at
the Astor House; A. Centar, at the
Hotel Albemarle; H. C. Chesbrough
and wife, at the Holland; a L. Co ha,
at the Hotel Cadillac; J. W. Cuthbert,
at the Hotel York; R, O. Fowler, at
the Herald Square; C. Goldberg, at
the Hotel Cadillac; M. Hamburger
and A. Hamburger, at the Hotel As
tor; J. T. Kewlse, at the Imperial; A.
M. Samuels, at the St_ Andrews; P.
Waterbury, at the Hotel Gerard.
From Los Angeles—W. O. Howe, at
the Albert; P. G. Wumeth, at the Wel
lington.
BUFFALO BILL ACCUSED
IN COURT BY HIS WIFE
She Brings Counter Charges In Her i
Answer to His Suit for
Divorce.
CyBTENNB, Wyo., Jan. 23.—Mrs.
Louisa Cody's answer to the divorce
suit of Colonel William P. Cody
("Buffalo Bill") waa filed in court
hero to-day. She denies that she ever
attempted to poison him, or was
guilty of any indignities to him and
discourtesy to his guests, as alleged
in his bill, and makes the counter
charge of infidelity. Judge Scott set
the hearing for February L 4.
WOMAN FOUND DEAD
IN MILWAUKEE HOTEL
MILWAUKEE, Jan. 28.—A man
and a woman registering; ac "E. 8.
Terry and wife, Chicago," engaged
quarters at the Blats Hotel here re
cently. To-day Mrs. Terry was found
dead in their room. Terry is missing.
It Is believed that a double suicide
had been planned and that Terry lost
hi* nerve. Mrs. Terry was apparent
ly about 24 years of age.
MELBA'S SON
WITH MOTHER
Leaves Father After Discov
ering That the Australian
Singer Was His Parent
THREE ARE IN OREGON
Arrival of the Grand Opera
Star in Portland Reveals
Secret of Lonely Bancher
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Jan. 23.—Madame Mel
ba, singing to-night in Portland, is in
the same State with her former hus
band, P. J. Armstrong, a cattle rancher
of Klamath County. Although Arm
strong has lived in Southern Oregon
for years it has Just become known
that he was the wealthy young Eng
lishman who met the now world-fam
ous prima donna in Australia and took
her to Paris, where her wonderful voice
could receive a musical training. When
he took his bride and little son to
Europe he still had most of the fortune
which he had taken with him to Aus
tralia, but since he became separated
from her he has lost a large portion of
it, and now owns only a strip of land
and a few hundred head of cattle close
to the California line In Klamath
County.
When Melba went out to win the
world with her voice her husband with
the child drifted back to ranching,
moving from place to place In the
West, finally settling in Oregon. The
boy grew up without knowing that the
prima donna was his mother, but learn-'
Ing the fact when grown, he has gone
to her and is with her now, while his
father holds lonely vigil with the
cattle.
THEFT OF OREGON LANDS
EXPOSED BY RECORDS
Attorney General Finds Evidence of
Crooked Work on the Part of
Convicted Conspirator.
PORTLAND, Jan. 23.—Records of
the State Land Department disclose
the theft of land valued at $100,000.
By the means of forged applications
about 8000 acres have been obtained,
according to the investigations made
by Attorney General.Crawford. Cer
tificates of sale were issued in 1898
to nineteen fictitious persons and with
most of these the name of S. A. D.
Puter, convicted leader of the minor
conspirators in the Government land
frauds, is connected. The title to this
property Is now vested In the Abiqua
Land Company.
An effort will be made at once to
bring suit to have the property revert
to the State.
BIG STRIKE PREVENTED
ON PENNSYLVANIA ROAD
Decided After an Hour's Conference
That Men Shall Continue
at Work.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 23.—The
strike situation on the Pennsylvania
Railroad has been amicably settled.
There will be no strike. This an
nouncement was made to-day after a
conference of less than an hour's du
ration between General Manager At
terbury of the Pennsylvania Railroad
and Grand Master Morrissey, Vice
Grand Master Lee and the board of
adjustment of the s Brotherhood of
Railway Trainmen.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Jan. 23.—Tha Cleve
land Electric Railway Company to-day in
augurated a teat of 3-cent fare within a limited
lone.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iili
CHEERFUL COOKS
MAKE HAPPY
Give your cook
Liebig Company's
Extract of Beef
It makes fine cooking easy.
There's only one real "Liebig"
with this f%
signature £J *g*> £ A?.* g
in blue: ifi iC 9i J
AMI SEM EXTB.
TO-MORROW (Wed. Night), Friday Night,
Saturday Matinee.
DE PACHMANN
** PIANIST.
BEATS $2, 11 60, $1.
fims& CBEATOPE
Am m H?. a it*u'-Ibn>
C Wk ■ Mme. BARILI. Soloist.
Jt • JvjDsW Week of Monday, Jan.
*W CJm\\m S0 ' Nightly.
A 4eflaw Mats. Sst. and Sun.
Seats $1 50, $1. 75c.
MS Now on sal* at
*S»^'*^ ,, SJf> Sherman, Clay & Co.'*.
Dolraetsch Concerts °u-io
LTRIC HALL--NEXT WEEK.
Seat* $100, ft, 76c. Ready To-morrow.
CARTER Dl HAVEN SEXTETTE;
Alcldc Capitaine; Binns, Blnns and Blnns; The
Great There***;
CRESSY AND DAYNE,
Presenting "BILL, BIFFIN'S BABT";
4 Musical Avolos; Clifford and Burke; Or*
pheum Motion Pictures, Showing "The
Trials and Troubles of an AutomobilUt,"
and the
10 NELSONS.
Regular Matii.ee* Every Wednesday. Thurs
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices—loc, 260
and 60s.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ZON-O-PHONE I
. fm Gives the most perfect reproduction of the human voice I If
■ have ever heard. MARCELLA SEMBRICH. §|
Pp The standard of excellence among Talking Machines fn
H to-day has risen to a point where the machines of the or- ■
Hdinary model and construction fail to satisfy, as they are Wm
■ awkward to handle, uninviting in appearance and they give H
■ a harsh and scratchy tone. A noticeable absence of these fjl
[ZON-O-PHONE I
pi The Zon-o-phone is not only compact, convenient to of
Wm operate and graceful in design, but it gives a superior tone
H quality. It eliminates most of the scratch, giving a clear j||
H We Ask No Money J
H Until After Thirty Days' Trial. M
S| Select the $15, $20, $25, $35 or $45 size, try It for thirty IO
■ days, then return It. or keep it and pay $1.25 a week. Tou MM
MM need only to buy the "records" now—6oc each and upward. Lib- <ffl
H eral discounts by the dozen. "Blue Records" are cheaper, be- Mm
■9 cause they have a tune on each side. Jf>J
Em It Ton Caaaot%oall, Write for Fall Information. H
IKohler (& Chase JWI
H (TKI UtSGEST MTTBIO HOUSE \
fg| OK THE COAST) 1
I Cor. Post and Kearny s s^^^^^3k"% : j
cSE w» »xe>» H
————^M^—■
j AMUSEMENTS.
fift! lIUQIA m mmm
VULUifIPIA LEADIWa iHEAietf
SECOND AND LAST WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FRANK McKEE Presents
WALLACE riUr i JlXl
In Arthur Law's Comedy,
A COUNTRY MOUSE
Preceded by Augustus Barrett's Curtain Raiser,
CAPTAIN JANUARY......
NEXT MONDAY —Charles Frohman Present*
WILLIAM
COLLIER
In Richard Harding Davis* Farce,
THE DICTATOR
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
MELBA IS T<?° T "jjg° ALHAMBRA
SPECIAL
THE COLUMBIA
BENEFIfIvIATINEE
In Aid of the Naval Clubhouse at Vallejo.
NEXT THURSDAY, Jan. 26, at 2:15
SOCIETY AMATEURS
In Henry Arthur Jones' Comedy,
THE LIARS
(By arrangement with Charles Frohman.)
Cast will include: Miss Frances Jolllffe,
Mrs. Mark Gerstle. Mrs. J. Wilson Shlels.
Miss Olga Atherton, Mrs. H. M. Spencer, Mia*
Eleanor Haber, Dr. J. Wilson Shlels, Lloyd
Lowndes, H. M. Spencer, Thomas Eastland.
Courtenay Ford. Royd*n Williamson, L. 8.
Ford. Jack Baird and Joseph Eastland.
Seats $1.50 and $I.oo—Now Ready
a y n i 7 1 T) B*la»co & Mayer,
ALCAZAR p E rc D^e.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT—MATS. SAT. AND. SUN.
Th* Romantic Military Drama. Adapted by
Paul M. Potter from th* German.
THE CONQUERORS
As fine a production es that of Old Heidelberg.
LILLIAN LAWRENCE REAPPEARS.
Evgs., 26c to 76c.; Mats. Set tt Sun., 26s to SOo.
SPECIAL MATINEE of Ibsen* Masterpiece,
OHOSTS
POSITIVELY ON THURSDAY, February 8.
Next Monday—First Tim* in Stock.
THE OAT LORD QUEX
Arthur Wing Plnero's Powerful Piss/.
rr turn a i » c — c »
Market st, near Eighth. Phone South BBS.
TO-KTGHT —ONLY THX9 WEEK!
Mats. Saturday and Sunday.
Greatest Biblical drama ever written!?
JERUSALEM
THE HOLY CITY
A scenic production never before equaled!
j 200 people In production—6o girls In ballet!
Return engagement of JULIET CROSBY.
TRICES—Ev*.. 10c to 60c. Mats. 10c, 16*. 26*
THE STAB TRIO, 4 OLXPANS,
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Brenlng In the Seated Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SBB
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
▲ NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE.
RARE AND INTERESTING ANIMALS IN
THIS ZOO
4 Latest Novelty—THE WONDERS COPE!
Amateur Bight and Electric Fountain
Thursday.
ADMISSION 10c 1 CHILDREN Se
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
WEEKLY CALL, fLOO FSB Y&A&,
♦ AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND So-
LAST VIII-MATXHZB SAT.
JOHN C. FISHER'S STUPENDOUS MU
SICAL. PRODUCTION.
THE
SILVER SLIPPER
(By th* Author* of Florodora.)
SEE THE WHIRLWIND ENGLISH GIRLS
In THE CHAMPAGNE DANCE.
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
J. H Stolirt In The Bonnie Brier Bush
PRICES —25c, 50c t 75c, $1,00
irflVOUioiE
Performance begin* promptly at 8.
GRAND
OPERA
■ m ITALIAN.
RESERVED SEATS NOW ffELLRfGk
.PRICES—S2, $1 00. $1, 600.
REPERTOIRE —TO-NIGHT "FAUST." with
Tetrazzlnl *a Marguerite; Wednesday night.
"ZAZA," Berlindl a* Zasa; Thursday night,
•TRAVIATA." Tetrazzlnl as Vloletta; Friday
night. "ZAZA" Berlindl as Zasa; Saturday
Matinee, "FAUST," Tetrazzlnl aa Marguerite)
Saturday night, "CAVALLERIA RUSTIC AN A'
and "rPAQLIACCI." Berlindl In both operas|
Sunday night. "LUCIA," Tetraszlni aa Locla.
f CALIFORNIA %
Edward Aekerman, Lessee and Mgr.
TAKE WELL WTffTrW ■ -■■
THE FAMOUS AND ORIGINAL
JOSEPH MURPHY
S Presenting Hi* Great Irish Play,
ISHAUN RHUE
■ Hear Mr. Murphy Sing Hl* Famous
W Song. "A Handful of Earth."
Sunday—"THE LITTLE OUTCAST."
Wa*M*»*MMM**M*r
Men Racing!
He* Jockey
California jw, Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Racing every week day, rain or shine,
Raeea start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
SIOOO Handicap, to Be Bu W*dn*ed*gr>
Jan. SB. California Oaks, isooo Add
•4, to Be Bun Saturday. Jan. 28. ,
For tpeciai trains stopping at th* track take
8 P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00.
12-80, 1:00 1:80 or 2:00. Returning trains
tear* the track at 4:10 and 4:46 p. m. and Im
mediately after th* last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
THE 6REATEST OF WELD'S FAIRS.
ILLUSTRATED LECTURE by
JAMES W. BBWTH
a earl** mt beautiful picture* in natural cetera,
ALHAMBRA THEATER
THURSDAY EVENING. January 28. at
8:15 o'clock.
ADMISSION, 50 CENTS.
Reserved aeats, 75 cents, at H. B. HOS
UER'S. 588 Market st., and HIRSCH *
KAISER'S. 7 Kearny st.
FISCHER'S THEATER
TONY LUBKLSKI, Gen. Mgr.
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
10c and 20c. Children 10c
Afternoon*, 2:80. Evenings, 7 30 and 8.
CONTINUOUS SAT, SUN., HOLIDAYS.
2 to 8 and 7 to 11 p. m.
TEN GREAT ACTS. New Moving Pictures.
Pafarn 00,rr f A,L T0
ralf*VW see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
51 fin room, the EMPIRE
aui » parlor, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
liraflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
O a 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
910
CRACK COLT SALABLE SHOWS HIS HEELS TO PELHAM
FOUR FAVORITES BEATEN AT OAKLAND.
EDRODUN DOWNS THE REPROBATE
Hainault Finishes in Front of Poorly Ridden First CMce, Arcade
Instrument at Long
Odds Proves a
Surprise.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
Charley Henshall's crack colt Pel
ham finished second to Salable in the
concluding event at Oakland yester
day and it was the severest blow the
talent received during - a somewhat
tempestuous session. For if there was
one spot where it looked as if a spec
ulator could back up the cart and un
load the Henshall entry seemed to fur
nish the Opportunity. At 4 to 5 the
bookmakers did a land office business
in pasteboards. At the start of the
race, which was decided over the Fu
turity course, Pelham and Squire John
son bumped together and this must
• have rattled Sam Greenfield, rider of
the favorite. He picked the worst go
•ing possible for Pelham thereafter and
at the wire proved easy game for 'Big
Bill" Knapp. who piloted the third
choice, Salable, in clever fashion. Mc-
Bride with Squire Johnson lost the
show to True Wing.
Favorites fared none too well from
the start, Haven Run and Esherin be
ing the only ones to land. None of the
winners were neglected entirely at that.
The attendance was large.
• W. Davis rode Sol LAchtenstein, the
13 to 10 favorite for the introductory
sprint at six furlongs, and was beaten
by Instrument, an 8 to 1 choice. Davis'
mount got caught in a jam on the back
stretch, losing at least three lengths.
This gave Mcßride on Instrument an
opportunity to steal a lead, and while
Sol closed strong he was downed more
than a length. Sam Greenfield finished
third with Lady Kent.
. After two runaway wins. The Repro
bate received a setback in the five and
a half furlong selling dash. He
closed a pronounced choice over David
°Boland, and after racing out in front
with that fast sprinter, lost to the
10 to 1 shot Edrodun at the wire by
more than a length. Jakie Jones
piloted the winner, and got his mount
away in front. Edrodun was outfooted
one part of the trip, then caught the
leaders all in, down where the money
is. David Boland easily disposed of
San Jose for the show.
Willie Harris" Haven Run, a 9 to 5
favorite, took the seven furlong num
ber, for which a field of eight started.
Yellowstone gave the first choice an
argument for two-thirds of the dis
tance, then faded away. Dotterel came
fast at the end, downing The Fretter
three lengths for the place. Brennus
and Dr. Sherman met with poor luck,
tutting no figure in the race.
Willie Daly was responsible for the
defeat of Arcade, which was backed
down from twos to 13 to 10 favoritism
in the betting on the mile and fifty
yard selling number. Willie had his
•father's horse in the poor going part of
the way. and in the stretch rode a zig
. zag finish. Hainault with Chandler up
and the pacemaker throughout, was
then enabled to lead the first choice
out half a length. Langford James, an
#7 pounder and 50 to L, ran into the
show. Sam Greenfield got away poorly
with North West, a well supported one,
and then only lost third place by a
head.
Two races keyed Johnny Schorr's
Esherin right up to concert pitch, for
the mare made a gallop of the mile
and seventy yard selling fixture. The
price receded in the betting from" 3% to
4\i, and Bonner had her out in the
lead from start to finish. Minder on
Jack Little, a 10 to 1 chance, landed
second, five lengths ahead of Maxtress,
Achilles and Mr. Dingle ruled about
equal choices with the winner.
TRACK NOTES.
Dick Dwyer dispatched the fields
yesterday and little fault could be
found with his work, which was first
class.
Edrodun, winner of the second race,
was bid up from $500 to $900 by L.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
»H
Holly Springs, Miss., March 24,1905.
While building railroads in Tennessee
some twelve years ago a number of hands
contracted fever and various forms of
blood and skin diseases. I carried S. S. S.
in my commissary and gave it to my hands
with most gratifying results. I can recom
mend S. S. S. as the finest preparation for
Malaria, chills and fever, as well as all
blood and skin diseases. W. I. McGowan,
I suffered greatly from Boils, which
would break out on different parts of my
body. I saw S. S. S. advertised and after
using about three bottles I was cured,
and for the last three years have had no
trouble whatever. A. W. Zebbr.
217 Read St, Evansville, I ad.
I began using your S. S. S. probably ten
years ago for Malaria and blood troubles,
and it proved so good that I have con
tinued ever since using it as a family
remedy. It is a pleasure for me to recom
mend S. S. S. for the benefit of others
who are needing a first rate blood purifier,
tonic and cure for Malaria.
Arkansas City, Ark. C. C. Hemingway.
Boils, abscesses, sores, dark or yellow
splotches and debility are some of the
symptoms of this miserable disease.
S. S. S. counteracts and removes from the
jmrnum m%Wm kl oo <i all impuri
jflea AjpWM mjPMM ties and poisons
BE 1 ■ « ■ 1 and builds up the
VL entire system. It is
guaranteed a pure-
ly vegetable reme
m m M dy. Write for med
k WM 1 WM t W ical advice or any
K m AW m-fAj special informs*
m \\W WLW tion about case.
Tkt Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, fit.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Monday, Jan. 23. Weather cloudy. Track sloppy.
7T«7. FIRST RACE—Six furlongs; selling;
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
(7758) (Instrument, 4 (Baird & Co)..p
<7G63)jSol Licatenstein, 6 (Madison) 1
(775t!)|Lady Kent, a (A. Kimberly)|l
7762 |\Var Times, 4 (Mrs. Urosehm)!
7761 Karabei. a (Bottger & Harmn)j!
7733 The Pride, a (A. Neal) ,1
7700 IKickumbob. a (H. E. Magill)|l
7660 IFloriana Belle, 4 (Hill & Co)|
5 %.. . 1 h 1HU 12%
3 .. . 6 2 4 8 2 n 2 1%|
2 ... 3 n 3 3 3 3
4 ... 22 22 44 48
7.. .8 72 66 52
8 ... 6 4 6 Vi 6 S
1 ... 4n 6%71 7 % \
6 ... 7 4 8 8 8
r. ivnapp
'. Clark...
ullett ....
(inner ....
ae . .
ivts..
6 8
6-5 13-10
2 0-6
6 8
60 60
25 - 60
60 100
100 100
raham . ..
Time—:23%, :50. 1:17%. At post 6% minutes. Oft at 2:19%. Instrument, place, 11-5;
show. 4-5. Pol. place. 0-20; show, 1-5. Kent. show. 1-4. Winner, b. g. by Gotham-
Mr.llte Me. Trained by W. M. Baird. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving. vVin
|n»r is an improved horse and received vigorous handling. Sol Lichtenstein was &«"
and would have won but for being cut oft and almost thrown on back stretch. Leay
Kent did her War Times quit. Others outclassed.
77<J8. SECOND RACE—Five and a half furlongs; selline; three-year-olds; to first. 1325.
Index'
Horse and Owner.
Wt
\. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
7726 iEdrodun (Fitzgerald & Cree)
(7790)(The Reprobate (Hall & Mrahl)
7712 David Boland (Baird & OoK.
7759 San Jose (G. W. Wilson)
[Angelica (J. F. Clifford)
7491 jlron King (Chappsll & Co)...
Uli
1 ... 13 3 15 1 % 1 1%!
3 ... 32 lh2h 24
2 ... 2 % 2 h 3 15 3 20 I
6 ... 6 5 i» 5 2 4 mi
4 ... 46 45 4 'j 5 5 {
5 ... 6 h 6 6 6
Jones
McBride ..
IW. Davis..
1 Taylor
• Alarle
!Bell
10
4-5
8-5
100
100
100
Time—:24%. :52%. 1:10%. At post 5 minutes. Off at 2:48. Edrodun, place, <-5: out
show. Reprobate, place, 1-3; out show. Boland. out show. Winner, b. g. by Eddie
Jones-Mise Rowena. Trained by J. Krausc. Scratched—Gallopoff, My Order. Start
l-our. Won all driving. Winner bid up from $500 to $900 by L. D. Hall, but was re
-1 tair.ed. Edrodun beat his field away. Later on Jones permitted The Reprobate and
1 David Boland to cut out the pace. He saved ground on stretch turn and then caught
the two leaders all In. Boland ran a nice race under the weight.
RACE —Seven furlong's; selling;; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index!
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fip.
Jockey.
CI.
7758 ,Haven Run, 4 (Harris & Co.). 103
7648 iDotterel, 8 (W. H. Lynch) | »6
7763 fTlie Kretter a <C"Hourke) 1107
7743 IPrestano, 6 (J. K Pierson).. |108
7763 |Dr. Sherman, a <S. Hoppas).I104|
(7761)jYellowstone, 6 (W. P. Fine).|112
7743 ;Brennus. 5 (F. Lowrie) 1110
7757 |Greenock, a <J. Woods) '106
5 2 2i-2 3 2 3 1 1 1 ' 2 W. Davis..
7 3 1 4 h 4 h 2 8 [Greenfield .
3 63 63 8 h 4 h 3 2'i McHrlde ..
6 4'n 3b 5 Vj 6 h 4% lAlarie
4 7 ta 7 6 6 2 6 4 5 n JO. Chandler
1 1 1%1 h 1 h 2 1 6 h [W. Knapp.
2 5 *» 5 »i 7 5 76 75 | Jenkms ...
8 8 % 8 8 8 Bonner
0-5
8
4
30
e
7-2
8
10
Time— :24%. :50%. 1:18*4. 1:82- At post % minute. Off at 3:07%. Run, place, 4-5;
show 2-6. Dotterel, place, 3; show, 8-5. Fretter, show. 4-5. Winner, b. g. by Prig-
Handy Cup. Trained by W. Harris. Scratched—Pencil Me, Riesca. Wistaria. Trapsetter,
Inspector Munro. Start good. Won handily. Balance driving. Winner best and well
handled. Dotterel closed strong. The Fretter received a vigorous ride. Dr. Sherman
stumbled at start and rider was almost unseated. Yellowstone became anchored In the
deep rail going. Brennus pocketed hopelessly.
FOURTH RACE—1 mile and 50 yards; selling;
Index! Horse and OWner.
(77S3)HaInault. 6 (J. ReaveyK
7742 ;Arcade, 5 (M. J. Daly*. :
<77.'.3) Lang. James, 4 (W. Cotton).
(7668) North "West 4 (Figaro Stbl.).
7758 |Mr. Farnutn, 5 (G.W.Wilson)
(7740)il>ungannon, 4 (Knebelkamp).
7742 Darksome, 4 (J. Touhey) j
Mi-
%. Str. Fin.
Op.
'1 12 12 1 2%1 3 1 Vx
4 2 h 2 n 2 3 21 25
2 3H64 64 4n3h
77 5 1 6 3 5 14 2
5 5 H, 4 h 4 h 3-n 6 s
3 6 % 7 7 7 64
[6 45 IS 3 n 6 5 7
W. Daly...
Earnshaw .
i Greenfield .
a is-6
2 13-10
20 60
6 13-2
30 60
7 12
• 8
Taylor ....
97
McBride ...
W. Davis..
Time— :24«4, :60%. 1:17, 1:47%. At post 2% minutes. Off at 3:33. Hainault. place, 7-10;
show, 1-3. Arcade, place, 3-5; show, 1-3. James, show, 6. Winner, br. g. by St. Carlo-
Llbbertifllbbett. Trained by J. Reavey. Start good. Won handrldden. Balance driv
ing hard. Hainault well ridden. Arcade was best and with a good ride could have
won. Daly got him In the poor going and could not keep the horse straight when headed
for home. North West off badly. Dungannon ran poorly. Darksome outclassed by two
leaders.
77T1. FIFTH RACE—One mile and "0
rj value to first, $325.
Horse and Owner.
jwtjst. u.
%. Str. Fin.
CI.
7747 iF.sherin. 5 (J. F. Schcrr) 11071 1 1 n 1 2 1 3%1 2 1 % IBonner
7735 Jack Little, 4 (L. E. Fine) 109| 8 03 7 5 h 4 % 2 5 Minder
77CO Maxtress, 4 (Kronkk & Co.)..il07| 5 3 % 2 % 2 H43 1 3 1%|T. Stewart.
7655 |San Lution. 6 (J. Dixor.) [100 3 5h S H 7 h 6%4«4 ITullett
7C55 jlhe 6 (Roheboueh); 104110 10 3 9 3 9 3 8 3 5 1 [O. Chandler
775fi (Play Ball, 4 (M. J. Daly) ,109 2 2 \% 4 % 8 2 6 8 6 2 W. Daly...
7753 |Gin Spray, a (R. de Neffe) 1104 7 OnBn 41 02 74 |J. Kelly...
7741 lAchilles. 6 (Fleur de Lis Sta.),112 9 4 % 3 3 2 3 8 % |Alarle
7741 !Mr. Dingle. 5 (Tierney & Co.)ll07 4 7 U 6 h 6n 72 9 10IW. Davis..
7722 lOutburst, a (J. J. McAlester)jll2j 6 8 2 10 10 10 10 !H. Michaels
"745 jMoaketo. 6 (G. Strobel) llOO; 1 -! 11 Pulled up jLeague
tionner ....
[Minder
IT. Stewart.
Tullett
7-2 9-
10
10 1
10 t
30 5
4
5 /
10 9-
7-2 9-
30 3
15 1
Time—:2s»4. :52%. 1:1S, 1:46%, 1:51%. At post 1% minutes. Off at 3:59. Esherin, place,
2: shew. 1. Little, place. 4; show, 2. Maxtress,-show. 3. Wlnn?r, b. m. by Eeher-So
nora. Trained'by J. F. Schorr. Scratched —Hellas, Resin. Start good. Won easily.
Bahnc» driving. Winner bid up from $100 lo $1000 by P. Ryan, but was retained. Esh
erin ready to-day. Jack Little well ridden. San Lutlon ran a fair race. Play Ball
no account. Gin Spray requires strong handling. Mr. Dingle can do better. The Ladaean
came from far back.
7772. SIXTH RACE—Futurity course; 3-yearolds and up; purse; value to first, $325.
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
(7754)
75«2
i77f>4);SalRble, S (J. Ryan)
75*2 iPelham. 3 (C. T. Henshall)...
<77.~p.->)iTrue Wing, 3 (T. H. Ryan)..
7754 ISquire Johnson. 3 (Mrs. Miller)
7760 jTom Slavin. a (T. Clifford) ■■
1 ... 3 1*41 2 1H12
3 ... 1 h 2 2%2 3 2 1V4
4 ... 2 % 3 n 3 1 3 S^j
2 ... 4 4 4 4
Left.
W. Daly...
8 4
4-5 4-5
10 17
2 13-5
100 200
McBride ...
Alarte
Time—:24%, :49%. 1:14. At post S minutes. Off at 4:28%. Salable, place, 1-2; show out
Pelham, place, 1-3; show out. Wing, show, 1. Winner, b. g. by Sam Lucas-Sallle Sensi
ble. Trained by G. Wentworth. Scratched —M. A. Powell. Start' bad. Won easily. Bal
ance driving. Salable is a good mudder and Knapp exercised fine Judgment. Pelham
and Squire Johnson Pumped together at the start. Later on Greenfield got In the deep
going. Squitu Johnson made a poor show ing.
D. Halh trainer of The Reprobate.
The stable retained the gelding.
W. Blake, a colored rider from New
Orleans, is here.
Mike Daly played in splendid luck
with Arcade. He had a good bet on
his recent purchase and Willie Daly
broke it up very badly in the saddle.
To make matters interesting John
Lodge, trainer of North West, then
claimed the Daly entry for $1125.
"Packey" Ryan has a fairly good
memory, it would seem. One day last
winter Ben MacDhul from the Ryan
stable was bid up after winning a sell
ing race. One of Johnny Schorr's
horses finished second and Johnny
said nothing about returning any run
up money. So when Esherin won
yesterday Packey tilted the price from
$400 to $1000. There was no change
of ownership.
Jockey Kunz went down to Los An
geles to ride a cherry ripe one at As
cot Park.
Mcßride was seized with an attack
of cramps and could not ride Mr.
Dingle. It's to be hoped he did not
.have a second attack while piloting
Squire Johnson.
The members of the band all had
Instrument and blew themselves.
Hot Springs Results.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Jan. 23 — Hfcsex Park
results:
First race, three furlongs—Minna Baker
won, Lavlnla True second. Pretty Nellie third.
Time. :87%.
Second race, six furlongs—Ga .in C won.
Platoon second, Colonel Preston third. Time,
1:15%.
Third race, five and a half furlongs—Mamie
Worth won, Folles Bergeres second. Delphi
third. Time, 1:08%.
Fourth race, six furlongs—lncense won,
Massa second. Aden third. Time, 1:15.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles—Florl.
zel won, Baikal second. Payne third. Time,
1:40%.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Gigantic won. Maraschino second, Barney
Burke third. Time, 1:48%.
New Orleans Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 23.—Results:
First race, six furlongs—Antimony won,
Agnes Virginia second, Bishop Poole third.
Time. 1:14 1-5.
Second race, six furlongs—Torlo won. Signal
II second. OJibwa third. Time, 1:18.
Third race, one mile—Death won. Misan
thrope second. Merry Acrobat third. Time. 1:46.
Fourth race, one mile—Formaster won,' Red
Raven second, Ahola third. Time, 1:48.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles—Miss
Betty won, Sarah Maxim second Lady Fonse
third. Time. 1:53.
Sixth race, one mile—Exclamation won.
Dalesman second. Arachne third. Time,
1:46 2-5.
Accused Judge Asks Inquiry.
ALBANY, N. V., Jan. 23.—Justice
Warren B. Hooker of the New York
Supreme Court, against whom charges
were brought at the recent meeting of
the State Bar Association, to-day sent
a communication to the Assembly
asking for an investigation.
HURT IN ELEVATOR.—AdeIIa Culbertson,
a widow, yesterday sued Kahn A Williams,
proprietors of the Roycrort Hotel, for $10,225
damages for injuries said to have been sus
tained in an elevator accident while a guest at
the hotel last June.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL!. TUESDAY, JANUARY 24. 1905.
AUDITOR WANTS
NAME CLEARED
John J. Herr Declares That
Injustice Has Been Done
Him by College Begents
John J. Herr, the former auditor of
the board of regents of the State Uni
versity, who was removed from that
office shortly after the McKowen scan
dal, is anxious to clear himself of any
stigma that the removal might Imply.
He declares in a straightforward man
ner that he knew nothing of Mc-
Kowen's peculations until the matter
was brought to his notice in the news
papers. Following are extracts from
Herr's open letter to Governor Pardee:
Hon. Georgia C. Pardee. President of the
Board of Regents of the University of Califor
nia—Sir: As a matter of simple Justice. I re
spectfully ask your attention to the following
statement of facts:
Because of the stealings of McKowen. I have
been removed from the position which I have
held for fifteen years as auditor of the Board
of Regents of the University of California. By
this act I have been branded before the public
as. In some degree, responsible for the embez
zlement of public funds. As a natural conse
quence, I have suffered In reputation. In busi
ness, and in peace of mind.
If I am guilty of wrong doing I ought to suf
fer and to be punished, but if not, then I ought
to be relieved of the stigma placed upon me by
summary removal from a position which I held
for many years.
With the utmost emphasis. I beg to tell you
that I was In no wise responsible for the loss
which the State has sustained through the
crimes of McKjwen. The money which he ap
propriated to his own uses was money of which
no account ever appeared in the books which I
audited. I had no means of knowing that the
money had been paid to him for the benefit of
the university. As a matter of fact, I did not
know it. It Is the business of an auditor to
certify to the correctness of accounts submitted
to him. This I did promptly, accurately, con
scientiously. More than this it was not in my
power to do.
Some one was unquestionably responsible fcr
the loose methods which McKowen was permit
ted to employ in collecting and handling the
money of the university, and some one besides
himself may rightfully be blamed for the se
ver? loss entailed as a result. Who Is to
blame?
I am entirely blameless in this matter. I
performed my duties to the Board of Regents
for fifteen years and did It so honorably that no
stain nor shadow of a stain can Justly be at
tached to my name. I care nothing for the of
fice I held and the salary I received, but I care
everything for my reputation and my standing
In the community. I feel that I have been
made the innocent victim of a great wrong.
No man who has given a fair hearing to my
side of the case (and there are many, Includ
ing some of the most prominent citizens who
have done so) hesitates to acquit me of all re
sponsibility in this affair. Business men know
that stealing of this kind cannot be prevented
by an auditor, particularly when he cannot
make his examinations except at long periods,
the books and accounts submitted to him show
ing no evidence of wrong.
I am ready to meet at any time, in any
presence,. those who have defamed and sought
to degrade me in the estimation of the public.
And I will never rest content until the good
name I have built up through years of business
life in California, and which I have always
SELECTIONS FIGURED
ON RECENT FORM.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
First race—Pencil Me, Emma Reu
bold, Trapsetter.
Second race—Hipponax, Sir Preston,
Educate.
Third race—Del Carina, Edrodun,
Mn be I Bates.
Fourth race — Mr. Dingle, Gin
Spray, The Hawaiian.
Fifth race—Modicum, Jack Little,
War Times.
Sixth race—Venator, San Nicholas.
Gateway.
VENATOR WILL
FACE BARRIER
IN HANDICAP
A handicap at seven furlongs will be
the feature event at Oakland this
afternoon. Among the starters are
Venator, winner of the Adam Andrew
selling stake, San Nicholas, Gateway
and Ishlana.
First race—Six furlongs, four-year-olds and
up, selling:
7767 The Pride (Neal) 100
7761 Silicate (Barrett) 10*
7407 Pldalla (Miller) 107
7767 Florlana Belle (Hill & Co.) 104
7503 'Go Lucky (Ordway) 101
7714 Rey Hooker (Appleby) 100
7761 'Trapsetter (Ezell) 104
7750 Wistaria (Stockton Stable) 104
775S*Pencil Me (Grossheim) 104
7750 •Emms Reubold (Burger & Co.) 102
Second race—Five and a half furlongs, four
year-olds and up selling:
7113 Remark (Neal) 103
Tom Riley (McLaughlin) 90
7757 Standard (McAlestsn 97
(7750) »P.atidor (Fine) 106
7761 "Doublet (Fountain) 98
7733 Billy Taylor (Hoag). 103
(7743) Hlpponax (Deane) 11l
7757 'Sir Preston (Scharetg) , It 6
7761 Bummer (Winter & Johnson) 106
7733 'Rosebud (Parks) 96
7761 'Educate (Hoppas) 104
7757 •Watersnout (Clark) 98
6803 Bassenzo (Palace) 103
7756 Riesca (Dunn) 97
7600 Recipe (Hackett) v 101
Third race—Six and a half furlongs, three
year-olds, selling:
7754 'My Order (Rowell) 102
7750 'Lady Fashion (Miller) 04
7731 Andvarl (Knapp) 110
7759 Esiobosa (Edward 3 & Co.) 101
(7768)»Ertrodun (Fitzgerald) 102
7702 *D»i Carina (Clark) 100
7751 'Duet (Roche) 94
(7751) Mabel Bates (Strobel) 106
Fourth race—One snd an eighth miles, four
year-olds and up. selling.
7771 Outburst (McAlester) 110
7761 *The Hawaiian (Wilson) 102
7753 Theodora L (Smith) 106
7771 'Gin Spray (DeNeffe) 102
7767 •Kickumbob (Magill) 102
6731 »H. P. Kane (Green) 96
7771 Mr. Dingle (Tlerney) 110
7771 Achilles (Fleur de Lis Stable) 110
Fifth race—One and a sixteenth miles, four
year-olds and up, selling.
7771 Jack Little (Fine) 106
7770 Langrord James (Cotton) 106
7733 Glenarvon (Summers & Co) 11l
7765 'Modicum (Fountain) 109
7767 'War Times (Grossheim) 99
7768 'Dr. Shorb (M. J. Names) 106
7C05 Carilee (Appleby & Co) 100
"Sixth race—Seven furlongs, three-year-olds
and up, handicap.
(7744) Sea Voyage (Miller) ~ 92
7748 Ferryman (Daly) . 90
(7727) San Nicholas (Ryan) 114
(7730)Ishlana (Ross) 99
7764 Gateway (Burnett) 100
(7728) Vena tor (Miller) 118
•Apprentice allowance.
BULLFIGHTER WILL SHOW
HOW HE SUBDUES BEAST
Big Crowd Is Expected at Woodward's
Pavilion When Senor Robles
Enters the Arena.
Senor Enrico Robles will give his
bullfighting exhibition in Woodward's
Pavilion to-morrow night, rain or
shine. The main floor of the big
structure has been converted into a
bull ring. The spectators will be out
of danger, as the seats are all in the
first balcony and galleries. The floor
has been covered with tanbark and
the fence that will inclose the beast
is six feet high.
The two bulls were brought to the
pavilion this morning at an early
-hour. Six vaqueros and a dozen cows
were used to urge the wild animals
thropgh the streets. A big attendance
is anticipated, as the exhibition is the
first of its kind given in this city. All
the brutal features that excite the
multitude in Spain have been elimin
ated. A band will enliven the per
formance with music and other spe
cialties will be introduced.
CRACK POLO PLAYERS WILL
LINE UP THIS AFTERNOON
Two Fast Teams Meet on Clark's San
Mateo Field for a Valuable
Trophy.
A great game of polo is expected
this afternoon on C. W. Clark's San
Mateo field, when the Reds and
Whites line up In a contest for a
handsome trophy. All the cracks are
In line, Including some of the Euro
pean stars. The teams will line up as
follows:
Reds —Paul Clagstone, C D. Tobin,
R. M. Tqbin and Captain de»Criscgny.
Whites—Sir George Prescott, L. C. T.
Menzes, W. S. Hobart. John Lawson.
Referee—Charles Dunphy.
The game postponed last Sunday on
account of the wet field will be #layed
at Burlingame to-morrow at 3 o'clock.
Canoe Club's Officers.
The annual meeting of the Oak
land Canoe Club was held at the club
house. Session's Basin, on Saturday
evening. The following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: Com
modore, Charles Stewart; vice com
modore, F. B. Bain; secretary and
treasurer, Frank Paul; membership
committee, S. A. Hackett, R. B. Bain
Jr.
zealously guarded as a priceless possession.
shall be vindicated.
I appeal to you, at Governor of the State
and president of the Board of Regents, to do
sll In your power to set me right before the
people. I feel sure that I shall not appeal In
vain.
CORRECTS HIS ERROR. —By a slip of his
typewriter James H. N. Williams, in yester
day's Call, made himself say that nine instead
of one out of ten American soldiers deserted
last year.
LITTLE BOXERS
PREPARING FOR
A HARD BATTLE
Sports Interested in
Neil - Hyland
Conflict ,
Frankie Neil, the little bantam, is
spending a strenuous life at Billy Shan
non's road house, near San Rafael, to
condition himself for his coming battle
with Dick Hyland. The lad has been
working like a beaver for nearly two
weeks, and is gradually rounding Into
form under the watchful eye of Frank*
McDonald.
Frankie works with Young Corbett,
and the pair have a mery time. The
daily three-round bouts are fast and
furious and Trainer McDonald has to
frequently caution them about hitting
hard. Frankie generally smiles, and
says: "I didn't hit you hard, aid- I,
Bill." Biff, a stiff one is struck, and
then both are at it. Nell realizes Hy
l%nd is a tough customer and is not
taking any chances of not being right
on the night of the bout. He now
weighs about 117V4 pounds. The many
spectators who have seen him work,
proclaim him faster than Hyland. As
Dick has never gone twenty rounds,
the public do not know his real quali
ties.
Yesterday morning Frankie, Corbett
and McDonald went ten miles over the
hills and al! returned perspiring freely.
In the afternoon the little fellow
donned his gym suit and spent more
than an hour punching the bag, skip
ping the rope, shadow fighting and
weight pulling. A wrestling match
with Jimmie Rothwell completed the
day's work.
Last night the boys of the camp, ac
companied by Billy Shannon, occupied
a box at the vaudeville show that visits
San Rafael every Monday evening.
Hyland's admirers are beginning to
increase daily, for the good fqfim dis
played by the amateur at his training
quarters is beginning to be buzzed
along the line and each day is the oc
casion of a pilgrimage to Sheehan's
tavern. If Hyland could only develop
some speed on his feet he would have
ten times as many who think well of
him.
Nothing seems to tire the lad. He
works all day long and seems ready for
more when it is over. Boxers of every
size and every style are brought forth
and Dick goes down the line each time.
He is a willing worker surely, but not
one who Impresses or electrifies the
spectator. He Is of the Battling Nel
son order, content to go right ahead
and gradually work himself into form.
Big Jack McCormack felt the force
of one of the youngster's wallops in
the body the other day and he swears
It was the hardest he ever took. Dick
managed to bring in one of those jolty
lefts, and when it landed McCormack
did not feel at All happy. He thinks
Hyland the best small fighter he ever
saw as a beginner.
Dick weighs 123 pounds at the pres
ent time, so the question of weight will
not bother him in the least. He has
never done ringside weight before in
his life and his manager, Sammy Mc-
Clintic, is a bit worried. But the worry
Is not shared by the little fighter. He
has not commenced to diet himself yet
and as long as he can keep his weight
down with his present fare, he feels
that it will be easy to take off as much
as he wants when he cuts the liquids
out.
A few bets have already been made
with Nell on the long end at 2 to L
This price will probably prevail when
the betting opens up within a few
days, but the odds will surely drop to
10 to 4, and perhaps 10 to 3 before the
boys enter the ring. It is expected
that there will be lots of Nell money
floating around when the wagering
starts.
ASCOT HANDICAP ENTRIES.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23.—Weights
for the Ascot Handicap, for three-year
olds and upward, $2500 added, for
mile and a quarter, to be run Saturday,
January 28, follow:
.. 9, a . ude * 30 ' L«»nida» 118, Schoolmate 114, Foe.
■U Oxford 110, Sidney C. Love 110 Elliott
110. Horatius 107, Paaadena 106, Bragg 106.
fJ^ 108 - Requleter 106. High Chancellor
108, Bombardier 103. Arcade 100, Modicum
Dlv,n * 100 Rockaway 100, Flower King
100. Ethylene 90. • Flo Bob 98, Luckett 97,
Cigar Lighter 97, Gold Enamel 96, Glisten 96.
Sheriff Bell 96, Nitrate 96, FJle 96, Chub 95,
Tocalaw 95 Gorgalette 95, Little Wally 95.
Foncasta 92, Line of Life 92 Kehallan 90.
Watercure 00, Mlatletlde 90. Borgheei 90 Hoo
ligan 00. Bugle Horn 90, Whoa Bill 90 Grail
90. Discus 90. Los Angeleno 90. Milton'Toune
90. Frees las 90.
Turners' Annual Ball.
Next Saturday evening the Mission
Turn Verein will hold its annual mas- ;
qverade ball at Mission Turner Hall I
on Eighteenth street near Valencia. I
This is the principal festival of the |
year arranged by the Mission Turners, ,
and has the support not only of the !
Missionites, but of Germans of the en- I
tire city. True to old German custom, '
Prince and Princess Carnival will lead i
the grand polonaise at 9:30 o'clock, ,
and after the Prince has addressed his I
merry constituent*, dancing will be in I
order .until the early hours of the new !
day. The committee in charge is as j
follows: Fritz Hauser, president; C. '
Block, Tony Vogt, F. Herten, T. Ni- 1
colaisen, Dick Brune, A. G. Weimer, !
Rich Siess, L. Kerth, C. F. Sperling, !
John Stegemann, Anton Bergk, Al ■
Menne, Dr. yon Bulow and Dick Stege- ■
mann.
Aged Man Asphyxiated.
James T. Cross, a retired sea cap- j
tain, well known in the business com-,i
munity, was found dead in his room
at 1100 Gough street yesterday morn- I
ing. Death had been caused by gas '
asphyxiation. Cross was 70 years of j
age. For several years he acted as
cashier and confidential agent for •
Andrew Welch, president of the !
American Sugar Refining Company, !
but later retired from business and at •
the time of his death was living alone
save for the attendance of A.h Sam, hts
Chinese cook. The Morgue officers
reported his death as suicide, but
friends of the old man deny that he
took his own life.
BUT ONE FAVORITE
BRINGS HOME COIN
Tw Outsiders Slip in
ct Good Odds.
♦
Tim Payne Leads to the Wire
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23. —Favorites
failed to run to the expectations of
their backers in five out of six races
iat Ascot to-day, Bronze Wing, in the
, last race, being the only successful
j one. The others went to second
I choices in two events, a third choice
( and two outsiders, both at 12 to L
f Tim Payne won the best race of the
i day, a seven-furlong handicap event.
. beating Fossil, Emperor of India,
j Bragg, Tim Hurst, Kenilworth, Fon
casta and Borghesi in 1:27%;. Weather
• clear; track fast.
I First race, four furlongs—Wee Girl, 100
(JMlller), 11 to 6, won; Silver Sue, 104 (Dv
, gan), 9 to 10, second; Placena, 09 (Kent). 10
,to 1, third. Time, :48%. Mabel V. Gallant
. Lady and Raincloud also ran.
. Second race six furlongs—Felipe Lugo, 109
(McDanlel), 4'to 1, won; William Wright, 104
+ ,
PORTLAND TEAM
LOOKS STRONG
Manager McCreedie Collect
ing Some Stars and the
Outlook Is Very Bright
c
PORTLAND, Jan. 23.—Manager Mc-
Creedie of the Portland baseball team
by judicious exchanges of signed men
has acquired a crack Infleld for next
season and Is now at work securing
outfielders. His team will have no
weak points when he has finished,
though his system is costing him
money.
In the cases of Atz and Schlafley he
had to give two players for each of
them, but from the records of both men
secured and the fact that they All
positions that are of the utmost Im
portance to the club, Portland has not
got any the worst of the bargain.
New Orleans gets Beck and Nadeau
for Ata, which looks to some local fans
as though the Southerners were getting
the best of the deal, but a good short
stop had to be secured and as the
Southern manager held out for the two
men the local manager closed the deal.
In the case of Schlafley Portland had
to part with probably the best pitcher
on the team, Ham Iberg, and in addi
tion McCreedie gave Lohman young
Jim Kelty, who is practically an un
known quantity, but In securing a man
of Schlafley's ability the locals have
not made such a bad bargain. The
catchers will be Maurice Steelman and
Dick Boettger and the pitchers Jake
Thielman, Ike Butler, Bert Jones
Jimmy St. Vram and W. Essick.
Traffic Men Elect Officers.
The Pacific Coast Association of
Traffic Agents held its annual meet
ing Saturday evening at the Palace
Hotel and elected a new president in
the person of E. E. Wade, chief clerk
of the passenger department of the
Southern Pacific Company, vice S. F.
Booth. George Fraser of the South
ern Railway was elected secretary anq
treasurer, and the following board of
control was chosen: Carleton C.
Crane, C. D. Taylor, George W. Hal
lock, E. M. Pomeroy, E. S. Harrison,
F. W. Prince and W. H. Davenport.
Youimiust meet good luck half way.
; ADVERTISEMENTS. g
MANHOOD
FOR MEN WHO HAVE LOST IT
$1000 REWARD TO WEAK MEN.
Let any man who is weak, broken down, old and decrepit in physical weak
ness, full of pains and aches, gloomy, despondent and cheerless —any man
who wants to be stronger and younger than he feels—let him come and tell
me how he feels and if I say that I can cure him I will forfeit $1000 if I fail.
X don't want money that Z don't earn. Z don t nted it, and am not after
it. But I am after the dollars that are now going wrong in the quest of
health. Look at all these poor wrecks of humanity that are spending all
they earn on drugs—dove that la paralysing their vital organs—that have
spent all they have earned for years without gaining a pound of strength
for the hundreds of dollars wasted.
That is the money that I am after, because for every dollar I take 1 can
give a thousand per cent interest, and I don't want it at all until I have
cured you if you will secure me. I have cured so many cases right here
that I can prove my claims to you. but if that proof is not enough I'll give
you the-names of men right near you—where you are. Is that fair?
Most of the Belts that I am selling now are to men who have been sent
here by their friends' whom I have cured. I think that is the best evidence
that my business is a success from the standpoint of cures, as well as on
the dollar side.
Just lately I have received letters of praise from these men:
James P. Daniels. 709 Devisadero street. San Francisco He was cured
of a back trouble of 12 years' standing.
J. M. Gaskill. 220 ChestnuWavenue. Santa Cruz. Cal., who says I cured
him of Indigestion, Constipation, Nervousness and Lumbago, from which
he had suffered 15 years.
Wherever you are I think I can give you the name of a man in your
town that I have cured. Just send me your address and let me try. This
is my twenty-fourth year in the business of pumping new vim into worn
out humanity. - and I've got cures in nearly every town on the map.
Come and see me if you can and I'll nx you up; or. if you can't call,
write to me and I'll do the same. I've got a nice book on men that I'll send
sealed, free, if you Inclose this ad. /
dr. m. c. Mclaughlin ™'&^sZ£°ziz v*u *-
Office Hours—B a m. to Bp. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Not sold in drug store*.
(Truebel), 2 to 1, second: Delagoa, 107 (Too
man), 7 to t, third. Time. 1:14%. Ralph
Young. John F, Foxy Grandpa and Funny
side also ran.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles—Ray.
108 (E. Walsh), 12 to 1. won: Akela, 110
(Fuller), 6 to ft, second; Varro. 107 (Dugan).
8 to 1, third. Time, 1:47%. Cloche dOr,
Helgerson and Potrero Grande also ran.
Fourth race, seven furlongs—Tim Payne. 98
(Tooman), 4 to 1, won; Fossil. 116 (Kunz). 8
to 2, second; Emperor of India, 114 (Miller),
7to 2, third. Time, 1:28%. Borghesi, Bragg.
Foncasta. Kenllworth and Tim Hurst also ran.
Fifth race— Slausop course—Anona, 95 (Mil
ler). 12 to 1, won; Whltestone, 103 (McDaniel),
10 to 1. second; Lady Kispar, 95 (Hennessy),
25 to 1, third. Time, 1:09%. Cotillion. Pas
sive, Light of Day, Azelina and Massacre also
ran.
Sixth race, one mile—Bronty/ Wing, 106
(Otis). 8 to 5, won: Miss May Bowdlsh, 92
(Crosswaite) 100 to 1, second; Great Mogul,
109 (Fuller). 6 to 1, third. Time, 1:41%. Red
Damsel, Lookaway. Lem Reed, Ethel Scruggs,
Anirad, Emily Oliver. Louwelsea, Capable,
Ledatrlx and Exapo also ran.
CLUB FORMED
BY FISHERMEN
Anglers Get Together for
the Purpose of Protect
ing the Evasive Trout
More than one hundred enthusias
tic anglers of this city got together
J l&st night and formed a new organiza-
I tion to be known as the Anglers' Club,
j The members intend to start a more
j ment presently for the protection of
fish in the State and they will co
operate with the Fish Commission to
see that the law is enforced.
This Is the first club of 'fishermen
formed in San Francisco. The mem
bers will devote themselves entirely to
developing and protecting the salmon
and other figh in the streams of the
State. The club will hold outings at
scheduled times and the members will
start for the woods in one band to
pursue their favorite pastime.
The movement to start the organ
ization was inaugurated a few days
ago by E. J. Kaplan, Bert Spring. J.
Sammi, J. Swan and several other well
known anglers. Some few days ago,
notices were sent to various fishermen
jin the otty and when the meeting was
I called to order in the Pioneer building
! last night there were one hundred
and twenty-five men ready to become
members.
The following board of directors was
chosen: J. Swan, S. A. Wells, Clarence
Ashlin, Bert Spring. G. W. Wentworth,
j Rube Haas, W. A. Halsted and J.
I Fiynn.
The directors named the following
! officers to serve during the coming
J year: President, J. Swan; first vice
I president, S. A. Wells; second vice
j president, W. A. Halsted; secretary.
J Clarence Ashlin. Another meeting of
I the club will be held within a few
I days.
Golf on Presidio Links.
The ladies of the San Francisco
Golf Club will hold the last event on
their January schedule this morning
on the Presidio course. It will be a
handicap over eighteen holes, medal
play, and will begin at 9:30. The
lady who turns in the lowest net score
will receive a prize.SONOMA ARRIVES FROM THE ANTIPODES
WITH MANY PASSENGERS ON BOARD.
Oceanic Company s Liner Has Big Cargo
George W. Elder Is
: to Un
derwriters.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sonoma, Captain Herrlman, ar
rived yesterday from the Antipodes
and landed the Australian-British
mail, 453 bags of it, in time to make
schedule overland connections. The
Sonoma brought about 200 passengers
and a large cargo. Fine weather fa
vored the Mner throughout the pas
sage.
. Among the passengers from Hono
lulu was General Francis Moore, who
commands the department of Califor
nia. He has been inspecting the array
post at the Island port. Honolulu,
aays the general, is absolutely unpro
tected. In the event of war the Pacific
equa.dron would have to guard Uncle
Barn's mid-ocean territory, and in the
event of any vessels' sustaining In
jury San Francisco would be the
nearest port of refuge, as nothing has
been done to make Pearl Harbor of
any important naval value. The work
of fortifying the Islands is now being
laid out. How much of it is done,
pays General Moore, depends upon
What appropriation for the work is
knade by Congress.
The Sonoma's cargo included a large
shipment of flax. 1000 hides, 1968
Backs sulphate of ammonia, 1150 bales
©f wool, sheepskins, furs, pitch, ban
anas, plneapplies, coffee and copra.
The passengers Included the follow
ing:
Miss Violet Arthur, Mr. and Mrs. Barney
Bernard. Carl Boehmer. Clarence M. Brune,
R. E. Bell, H. Blomfleld, Mr. and Mrs. A.
H. Brown and family. Miss Brown, Mr. and
Mrs. S. W. Combs, Miss Corinne Clarke,
Gf-orge Clifton, George Cooper, Mr. an* Mrs.
K. Carey, Mr. and Mrs. Emll Chains. Dr.
X. A. Cobb, Mrs. Chamberlyn Cory, Mrs. R.
H. Caughell and child, W. Claxton. Mr. and
Mrs. Max M. Dill, H. W. Dungey. S. Doney,
Harry Dill, Mr. Deealx G. H. Dowsing. Miss
Mlrtel EBtef. W. H. Edson, Miss B. Engel,
Mr. Fuhrmann. Harry Griffin, Alex Galbratth,
Ben Hassan, Mrs. A. Hackett and two chil
dren. C. *P. Ingamells, E. R. Jacobs, G. Jones,
Mr. ' and Mrs. H. James and child: Mr.
and Mrs. C. W. Kolb, Miss Helen Kerns,
Mrs. F. H. Kelly, nurse and infant; D. Leery.
Miss Annette Myers, John Millosevttch, Blar
Millosevitch. Miss Lottie McCree, Mrs. N. A.
McDonald J. McGrath, J. Mills, P. Macreez,
Mrs. T. Magginl. P. Magglni, Captain James
Magee. H. McColl. J. W. McCann, Elder F.
J. Perry. B. Prieske, Albert Poesin, S. Perry,
M. E. Robinson, M. L. A.; Albion Roserus.
Mr.- and Mrs. Rawnsley, Miss Rawnsley, Miss
Llltle Sutherland. Mr. and Mrs. Fred Snook,
Miss. Louise Shoemaker, Arthur T. Shaul, W.
S. Sherer, George W. Skinner, G. W. Skinner
Jr?, Mr. and Mrs. James Skinner, Miss F.
Skinner, Miss L. Skinner. Miss lima Skinner,
Miss Essie Skinner, Miss Viva Skinner, H.
Fipith, B. Sternberg, William Shields. Miss
Fdlth Toan. J. Tetsch. Miss Musa La Varr,
E, Wohlgemuth, Miss Wallace E. Wilmshurst,
Thomas Williams. Mrs. Williams Miss Wil
liams." V. L. Tenney, G. L. Bigelow and wife,
Dolores E. .Williams. Mrs. D. G. Drake, Miss
Drake, S. Fbrich, Miss R. Clay, Kwong Slong
Tsung, A. M. Merrill. General Francis Moore,
Major Febiger. C. N. Cox, M. D. Hall. Mr.
Henderson. W. J. Fllley, Chan Tl Om.
Will Take Place of Elder.
Hope of saving the steamer George W. El
der, which went ashore Saturday night near
Goble, on the Columbia River, Is said to be
slim. It Is understood that the Harrlman peo
ple will abandon the coaster to the under
writers. Water Is rising in the stranded ves
sel's hold. Most of the cargo hae been taken
from the wreck and conveyed to Portland.
The Pacific Mall Company's Panama liner
• '■eta Rica will take the Elder's place on the
Portland run. Captain Clem Randall of the
George W. Elder will he transferred to the
Costa Rica. George Monroe, formerly master
of the collier Leelanaw, was appointed to the
Coeta Rica yesterday as mate.
Too Rough to Make Landing.
The steam schooners Del Norte and Manda
lay were reported off Crescent City yesterday
waiting until the eea calmed down sufficiently
to allow them to approach the landing. It may
be several days before they are able to get
in. and It is possible at this time of year
that their coal supply may run short before the
sea calms down, and they may have to return
to this port.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list were quoted
for reinsurance yesterday as follows: Stork,
SO per cent; Robert Rickmers. 85 per cent;
Loch Etive, 20 per cent; Neomi, Norge and
Lord Elgin, 15 per cent.
Optima Is Abandoned.
The German ship Optima, reported ashore
on the coast of Norfolk, has been abandoned.
The Optima, well-known at this port, -was
bound from Hamburg for Santa Rosalia.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Norwegian ship Nordstjernen (at Vic
toria) was chartered prior to arrival for lum
ber, Burrard Inlet to London at 56s 3d.
Exports by the Neko.
The German steamer Neko of the Kosmoa
line sailed on Sunday-lor Hamburg and way
ports with a general merchandise cargo laden
at this port and consigned principally to the
ports of call along the west coast of Central
and South America. The cargo ' was Valued
at $70,542, tc be distributed as follows: For
Mexico, $24,02* Central AmVrtca, $20,644;
Colombia, $2442; Ecuador, $64*18; Peru, $14,
--002; Chile, $2644;-Germany, $120; Frane>>, $200.
The following w-ere the leading shipments:
.To Mexico—l2o bids flour, 200 gals 50 cs
.nine, 953 bales luiy. 500 lbSj meals, 240 lbs
raisins, 7 pkgs groceries and provisions, '202
lbs dried fruit, 225 lbs hum and bacon, 500
lbs spices.. 7 pkgs paste, 16 crts potatoes, :i1,585
it lutrber. 90X' bdls Miooks, 2000 kegs 1000 cs
blasting powder, I* cs dynamite. .1 cs fire
arms, \iw ea coal oil, 0 pkgs paints. 100
'ir. iler tube*, 22 pkgs lmjlwork ;i cs boots and
I is tinges, 25 kegs halls. 2 coils rope,
1 flask quicksilver, 8 pkgs paper, 121 pkgs
. machinery. 3 cs electrical supplies, 63 pcs
si * i S6 sks coke. 6 -bales broom corn, 100 cs
candles, 2 launches. 1 boat, 8 bdls nars.
To. centsal America-1837 bbls flour, 500
•ill* corn, 52,000 lbs salt, 1000 lbs rice, 12 crts
potatoes, 200 gals wine, 352 lbs bread, 38
gals 12 cs whisky, 1454 lbs tea, 550 lbs dried
iruit 12 cs canned goods, 1500 lbs codfish,
l(i&4 lbs apices, 1008 lbs lard. 7 pkgs groceries
and ito visions, 12 pkgs fresh fruits. 5658 lbs
tu>low oo bdls steel. 120 steel rails, 30 cs
cyanide 10 bdls leather, 50 bbls cocoanut oil,
s coal oil, 51 pkgs paints and oils, 1
pkg machinery, 6754 railroad ties. 1 cs hats,
>M4O ft lumber, 93 cs gasoline, 36 cs acid, 187
kegs gunpowder. 20 cs saltpeter.
To Colombia—lso bbls flour. 1220 gals wine,
3578 lbs sugar, 40 cs salmon, 16 cs canned
coons 912 lbs beans, 3290 lbs lentils, 24 crts
• and onions. 24 crts garlic, 50 cs gun-
T ' Ecuador—lo2o bbls flour, 250 gals wine.
109. Crts potatoes, 162 cs salmon. 18 cs assorted
canned goods, 3469 Idb glucose, 15 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 260 kegs blasting pon
der., 5 cs caps and fuse, 42 coils rope, 5 cm
paper „ _. .
To Peru—so cs canned salmon, 55 cs as sort ea
canned goods. 2450 lbs dried fruit, 23,085 lbs
i ice. 12,363 lbs dry shrimps. 5 cs hops, 1066
lbs ham and bacon, 12,300 lbs lard. 3 cs
candy 10.098 lbs tallow, 253 bdls shooks. 59
pk«rs rope, 12,906 railroad ties, 4795 ft lum
ber, 6 pkgs leather, 21 pkgs arms and am
irunltlon. 15 bbls 2 cs lubricating oil, 5 cs
cyanide, 140 pkgs tank material. .
To Chile—l4o cs canned salmon, 4800 IBS
iard 350 gals wine, 8 cs canned goods, 2750
lbs dried fruit, 40 cpils rope, 20 crts sewing
machines. *
To Germany—6 cs wine, 1 cs honey.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car
ried some large shipments of lumber,'flour
anrt co-1. which were laden at Puget Bound
ports and consigned to Central and South
American countries.
The Alameda's Cargo.
The steamer Alameda sailed on Saturday
Weather Report.
(120 th 'Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 23. 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tern,*
peratures are reported for tha previous day:
Cincinnati 32-14 Philadelphia 42-22
Boston 30-12 Washington 44-24
Jacksonville 68-48 New York 40-20
St. Louis 26-22 Pittsburg 32-14
Chicago 18-12 Honolulu, H. I. .76-64
New Orleans 68-50
SAN FRANCISCO 60-64
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.16 19.83 23.35
Red Bluff 0.16 20.06 13.62
Sacramento Trace 11.72 o.li
San Francisco 0.01 13.40 7.10
Fresno 0.00 6.97 1.47
Independence 0.00 0.97 0.42
San Luis Obispo 0.00 8.65 1.90
Los Angeles 0.00 6.10 0.57
Ban Diego 0.00 4.73 0.46
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
1 !
S s g
•■M f S
3aB3 312.
it IS |i
3 3 :
■
3
o
f
C
c
3
Baker 80.18 42 34 SW Rain .86
Carson 30.06 68 38 SW Pt.Cldy .02
Eureka 29.80 66 54 8 Cloudy .16
Fresno 80.08 66 46 SE Cloudy .00
SE. Farallon.30.04 56 54 SE Cloudy .17
Flagstaff 80.80 52 12 NE Clear .00
Pocatello 30.22 44 32 E Cloudy Tr.
Independence 80.20 54 30 SE Cloudy .00
Los Angeles. .30.06 78 50 B Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.30.07 49 47 8 Pt.Cldy .10
North Head...29.66 56 46 SB Cloudy 1.42
Phoenix 80.10 70 44 NW Clear .00
Point Reyes. .20.97 54 . 61 SB Cloudy .03
Portland 29.76 48 42 E Cloudy 1.30
Red Bluff 30.06 60 60 S Cloudy .16
Roseburg 20.70 68 42 SE Pt.Cldy .92
Sacramento ..30.06 60 60 SB Cloudy Tr.
Salt Lake 30.22 52 40 S Pt.Cldy Tr.
San Franclsco.80.08 60 54 W Cloudy .01
S. L. Obispo. .30.14 68 42 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Ban Diego ... .30.04 70 60 NW Clear .00
Seattle 20.80 CO 86 E Rain 1.00
Spokane 30.12 38 34 E Rain .37
Tatooah 29.58 54 42 S Rain 1.01
Walla Walla. .30.04 36 28 E Cloudy .22
Winnemucca .30.16 48 34 N Cloudy .03
Yuma 30.10 74 52 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A disturbance of moderate Intensity overilei
the Washington coast and may extend south
ward.
High southerly winds are reported from Point
Reyes northward.
Southeast storm warnings are displayed from
Point Lobos to Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 24:
California, north of Tehachapl—Rain Tues
day; brisk to high southeast winds.
California, south of Tehachapi—lncreasing
cloudiness Tuesday; light east wind.
Nevada—Cloudy; warmer Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Cloudy, unset
tled weather Tuesday, with showers; fresh
southeast wind.
Los Angeles and ricinity—Fair Tuesday;
continued warm; light northeast wind.
Sacramento —Cloudy Tuesday, probably rain;
fresh southeast wind.
Fresno—Cloudy, unsettled weather Tuesday,
probably showers; fresh southeast "winds.
A. G. McADID, District Forf-caster.
for Honolulu with an assorted merchandise
cargo, valued at $112,787 and Including the
following:
60 bbls flour, 5707 gals 89 cs wine, 778 gals
117 cs whisky, 1918 pkgs potatoes, tM pkgs
onions. 2372 pkgs fresh fruits, 129 pkgs fresh
vegetables, 10,592 lbs 2 cs fresh m-eat. 1250
lbs 5 cs fresh fish. 111 pkgs frozen oysters.
1153 lbs 15 cs dressed poultry. 7893 lbs butter,
7535 lbs 10 cheese, 9 cs eggs, 8998 lbs ham
and hocon, 13,105 lbs lard. 2020 lbs !» pkgs
raisins. 3857 lbs dried fruit, 1200 lbs « cs
tea. 114 ctls wheat. 391 ctis barley. 61 ctls
corn, 36 ctls oats, 14,530 lbs middlings. 4128
lbs'bran. 1040 lbs shorts. 4130 lbs beans, 6000
lbs salt, 1922 lbs nuts, 2175 lbs candy, 1325
lbs glucose, 7005 lbs millstuffs, 98 cs table
preparations, 1692 lbs 6 cs chocolate, 11 cs
liquors, 0370 lbs dried flsh, 25 pkgs pickb'd
fNh. 664 cs assorted canned goods. 231 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 12,230 lbs 20 cs cod
fish, 2.;."."5 lbs sugar, 94.300 lbs rice. 15.599
lbs 2 cs bread, 1200 lbs ll cs coffee, 68 es 45
pkgr salmon, 189 pkgs paste, 102 gals 15 cs
brandy. 25 cs gin. 9 cs olives, 14 cs salad
oil. 13.6*5 lbs tobacco, 44 cs cigars and cigar
ettes, 230 pkgs dry goods, 31 cs hats and caps.
121 cs boots and shoes, 80 pkgs machinery. 27
bbls 45 cs oils. 23 bdls 6 pcs pipe. 104 cs elec
trical goods. 121 pkfs drugs and sundries. 28
pkgs bicvrles and parts, 25 cs matches, 377
bdls paper, 50 bales paper bags, 133 pkgs
wagon material, 29 pkgs 1 e« leather, 66 pkgs
paints. 11 bales twine. 9 bdls brooms. 8 reels
wire rope, 114 coils rope, 63 cs candles, 23
pkgs arms and ammunition, 43 pkgs natla.
2000 lbs copper. 25 bdls 30 bars steel, 226
bdls 7 bars iron, 2490 lbs zinc, 242 bdls snooks.
65 bags, 6 pkgs plumbing material.
The steamer also carried a shipment of
treasure, consisting of $3000 in United States
silver coin. ,
Notice to Mariners.
The following affects the list of lights
and fog signals, Pacific Coast, 1904:
OREGON.
Swan Island Bar upper post light, page 38,
No. 109 (list of lights, buoys and daymarks.
Pacific Coast, 1904, page 64), heretofore re
ported carried away, was replaced and the
light re-established January 16.
The following affects the list of lights,
buoys and daymarks, Pacific Coast, 1904:
OREGON.
Columbia River, pages 80 and 50—Outer
buoy, a PS. flrst-class can. was moved Jan
uary 7, and is now in flfty-two feet of water
about one-half mile NW W of Its former
position. North Head Lighthouse, N % E;
Cape Disappointment Lighthouse, NE % N;
Point Adams (discontinued) Lighthouse, E %
S, easterly.
Peacock spit buoy No. 0, a black first-class
can, found missing January ", was replaced
the same day.
Inner buoy, a PS first-class, nun, was estab
lished January 9 In twenty-five feet of water,
on the inner edge of the bar. North Head
Lighthouse, N % E, northerly; Cape Disap
pointment Lighthouse, NE by N; Point Adams
(discontinued) Lighthouse, E Vj B.
. South Channel shoal buoy, a HS first-class
• can, was discontinued January 0. the shoal
.spot which it formerly marked having disap
peared.
Peacock spit buoy No. 1, a black flrst-class
can, found missing January 6, was replaced
the same day.
East side of middle ground buoy No. 6, a
red first-class spar, found missing December
20, was replaced the same day.
WASHINGTON.
Willapa Bay, pages 05 and 67—Wlllapa Bay
outside bar whistling buoy, PS. marked "Wil
lapa" in white, picked up January 11 In a
disabled and sinking condition,' was replaced
January 17 by a perfect buoy.
Tulalip Bay, page 79—South spit buoy No.
2, a red flrst-class spar, reported adrift Jan
uary 16, will be replaced as soon as practi
cable.
Hale Passage, page 82—Point Francis Buoy
No. 0, a red flrst-class spar, reported one
quarter mile southeasterly of Its station Jan
uary 6, will be replaced as soon as practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
L. C. HEILNER.
( Commander, TJ. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
I Time and Height of High and Low Waters
I at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE?—The high and low water* occur at
\ the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 20
| minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
j of tide la the same at both places.
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( —)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1905.
Costa Rica Will Be
Placed on Run
to Portland.
* *
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlce. U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 23, 1906:
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at neon to-day—
1. •., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
caitn >
Centennial...*
Nevadan
B. Barbara
Porno ■
Northland
Corona
Elizabeth
F. Kilburn
Breakwater..
G. Dollar
Chas. Nelson..
Eureka
Areata
Umatilla
Queen
Point Arena..
H. Dollar
Chehalis
Pomona
San Juan
Curacao
Rainier
Coos Bay
Del Norte •
Roanoke
Mariposa
AinasiK
Coronado
Norwood *
South Bay
Columbia
B. Monica....
Centralia
Nebraskan...
State of Cal...
Senator
Banta Cruz
Aurelta
City Sydney..
Korea
Nanalmo Jan. 24 ;
< Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 24
Seattle Jan. 24
; Grays Harbor Jan. 24
Point Arena ft Albion.. Jan. 24
Portland St Astoria Jan. 24 ■
i Humboldt Jan. 24 |
Coquille River Jan. 24 i
! Portland & Way Porta. Jan. 26
Coos Bay Jan. 25 I
Seattle Jan. 26
i Humboldt Jan. 26
j Humboldt Jan. 26
I Coos Bay St Pt. Oxford. Jan. 26
I Puget Sound Ports 1 Jan. 26
' San Diego St Way Pts. Jan. 26
: Mendoc ino St Pt. Arena. Jan. 26
San Pedro Jan. 26
San Pedro Jan. 27
Humboldt Jan- 27
New York via Ancon.. Jan. 27
j Mexican Ports Jan. 27 I
Seattle St Belllngham.. Jan. 27
Newport ft Way Ports. Jan. 27 ;
I Crescent City Jan. 27 j
I Ban Pedro Jan. 27
I Tahiti Jan. 28 '
! Seattle Jan. 28
1 San Pedro Jan. 28
San Pedro Jan. 26
San Pedro I Jan 28 :
I Portland Sz Astoria .... Jan. 2U i
Grays Harbor Jan. 29
Grays Harbor Jan. 80
Honolulu & Kahulul.. Jan. 80!
San Diego ft Way Pts. Jan. 30
Puget Sound Ports '.Tan. 31
Bu Pedro & Way Pts. IJan. 31
Portland ft Astoria 1 Feb. 1
New York via Ancon.. jFeb. 2
China ft Japan I Feb. 8
i
i
TO SAIL.
8teamer.
January 84. ( f • ]
S Barbara. .1 Los Angelea Ports. 1 pmiPler ||
Cascade Astoria A Portland 4 pm|Pler 2
January 36. i
Redondo Portland & Way..] 6 pm Pier 2;
Arctic Humboldt » am Pier 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports! 11 am Pier 9
Homer Grays Harbor Pier — ;
Elizabeth... Coquille River 5 pm Pier 20
January 26. i
G I.lndauer Grays Harbor 1 6 pm|PIer 2 |
Corona I Humboldt |l:80p|Pier 9
Nevadan ! Hono. & Kahulul..! 3 pmlPler 23
Sequoia I Wlllapa Harbor ...|12 ml Pier 20
E Cruz San Pedro & Way.) 9 am Pier 11 ,
State of Cal. San Diego St Way. 9 anvPler 11
p omo | Pt. Arena St Albion! 6 pm|Pler 2
January 27. I
Chehalis ' Grays Harbor 8 pmlPier 2
Breakwater.. Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
Centennial..! Seattle & Tacoma.l 5 pm'Pler 20
January 28. I I
Norwood... I Seattle direct 4 pmlPler 2
Point Arena j Point Arena I 4 pmlPler 2
Areata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd'12 m!Pl?r 13
G. Dollar... I Grays Harbor IPier 20
Manchuria..; China & Japan 1 pmlPler 40
Peru IN Y. via Ancon..l2 mlPier 40
F Kilburn.. I Portland Sz Way.. 2 pmlPler 27
Eureka ; Humboldt 9 am Pler 13
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pir.iPier JO
Roanoke Portland & Way..I 3 p.'.n|Pler 13
January 29. [
Queen San Diego & Way.! 9 amlPier 11
P.Monica... Los Angeles Ports.! 1 rm|Pler I]
■January 30. ! 1
C. Nelson...! Humboldt I 9 /imlPler 20
T'matllla ! Puget Sound Ports.IllamlPier 0
Pomona Humboldt |l:30p|Pler 9
Coos Bay... 1 Newport & Way..| 9 imlPler 11 ;
January 31. I
Rainier Seattle & Bllnghml 4 pmlPler 10 !
February I. I
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandlll am|Fier 24
February 2. I
Doric China & Japan J 1 pm!Pler 40
Sonoma 4Bydney & Way 1 2 pm'Pier 7
Amasls Hamburg Sc. Way..|12 m|Pler 19
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer.
Balls.
Jan. 24 '
Jan. 24
Jan. 24
Jan. 30
Jan. 31
Jan. 31 j
nta Clara...
PTereon
imona
>lphln
Valdez & Seward
I Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway St Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
! Skagway & Way Ports.I
j Skagway & Way Ports.
ration
ttagr City..
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, January 2S.
Nor stmr Titania, Poyn, 101 hours from j
Ladysmith.
Stmr Sonoma. Herriman, 20 days 11 hours
from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 17 hours
25 minutes. i
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 94 hours from '
Grays Harbor.
Stmr W. H. Kruger, Norberg, 38 hours from i
San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 36 hours from Monterey |
and way port*.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 42 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
BtmJ Sequoia, McClements, 4% days from
Wlllapa Harbor.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, 38 hours from Eureka.
Stmr G. C. Lindauer, Allen, 84 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Norwood. Martin. 114 hours from Se
attle, bound south, put in to land passengers.
Stmr San Pedro, Rasmussen, 38 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Aurella, Erickson, 87 hours from As
toria. ,«
Stmr Maggie, Whitney, Halfmoon Bay.
Bark R. P. Rlthet, McPhall, 12 days from
Honolulu.
Barge Santa Paula, Pelle, 24 hours from Port
Harford.
Tug Sea Rover. Thompson, 24 hours from
Port Harford, with barge Santa Paulu in tow.
CLEARED.
Monday. January 23.
: Stmr Montara. Reilly, Seattle; P C S S Co.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, Eureka; P C 3 S Co.
Br snip Eva Montgomery, Dogherty, Taltal;
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, January' 23.
Stmr Maggie, Whitney, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Norwood. Martin, San Pedro.
Stmr San Pedro, Jacobs, Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson. Eureka.
Stmr Alratraz. Anderson, Point Arena.
Stmr Euieka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr National City. Hammer, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Newsboy. Lee, Crescent City.
Stmr W. H. Kruger, Nordberg, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Advent. Olsen, Coos Bay.
S< hr Wlnslow, Smith, Grays Harbor.
S. hr King Cyrus, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Point Reyee.
i Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, Bollnas.
| Schr Newark, Hansen, Bowens Landing.
SPOKEN.
' I'er Nor stmr Titania—Jan 23, 8 a m, off
1 Point Reyes, passed tug Dauntless, with schr
Monterey In tow, from Monterey for Tacoma.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS 5 . Jan. 23. 10 p. m.—Weather
cloudy; wind S; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE —Arrived Jan 23, 8 a. m.—Stmr
Santa Rosa, hence Jan 20.
Sailed Jan 21—Stmr George Loom Is, for San
Francisco.
Sailed Jan 23, 9:30 a. m.—Stmr Umatilla,
for San Francisco.
Sailed Jan 23. 4:30 p m—Stmr Minnesota,
for Japan and China.
TATOOSH—Passed outward Jan 23—Schr
William Bowden, from Port Hadlock, for Mol
> lendo.
UMPQUA—Arrived Jan 20—Schr Lily, hence
Jan 15; schr Louise, from San Diego.
TACOMA —Arrived Jan 23—Stmr Shawmut,
from Moll.
PORT HADLOCK—Arrived Jan 28—Ger stmr
A mas Is. from Victoria, B. C.
REDONDO —Arrived Jan 28—Stmr Asuncion,
hence Jan 20; stmr Samoa, hence Jan 20.
Sailed Jan 23—Schr James H. Bruce, for
Wlllapa; stmr Asuncion, for Ventura.
CRESCENT ClTY—Arrived off Jan 28—Stmr
Del Norte, hence Jan 21, too rough to load.
Stmr Mandalay lying outside; too rough to load.
COOS BAY—Sailed Jan 28—Stmr Alliance,
for Eureka; stmr Breakwater, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Jan 28—Stmr F. A. KUburn, from
Astoria.
Arrived Jan 23—Stmr Areata, hence Jan 21.
BANDON—Sailed Jan 23—Stmr Elizabeth,
for San Francisco.
DECLARE POWER
WAS USURPED
Supervisors Say the Board of
Works Erred in Granting
Permit for Curved Track
FIGHT ON SHOEING- BIDS
Joint Committee Unable to
Beach an Agreement on
Parceling Out of Awards
—, —»
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution calling the Board
of Works to task for granting the ,
United Railroads a permit to lay a
curved track at Post and Kearny
streets. The resolution follows:
Whereas. The Board of Public Works of
the city and county of San Francisco is neither
a legislative nor a Judicial body, but purely
an executive one, deriving its powers from
and limited In its functions to the language
of the express grants made by the charter
of said city and county and by the ordinances
and resolutions of the Board of Supervisors,
the legislative body of said city and county; !
and
Whereas, The said Board of Public Works
did issue to the United Railroads of San
Francisco a permit to open streets to lay a
curved track at Post and Kearny streets for
the purpose of connecting their Post street
tracks with their Kearny street tracks, when
there Is apparently no express grant made in
the franchise of said company or its pre
decessors in interest to lay such a curved
track; now, therefore, be It
Resolved, That the Board of Public Works
be and It Is hereby notified that its action In
issuing said permit to the United Railroads
of San Francisco is entirely unwarranted and
without authority and said board is hereby
directed not to issue a permit of any kind or
to grant a privilege of any character what
ever, unless it is first authorized by law
clearly and explicitly so to do.
Supervisor Braunhart characterised '
the action of the Board of Works in ,
granting the permit as a usurpation j
|of the powers of the Supervisors. He
asked that the resolution be sent at ,
once to the board, holding that the
Mayor's signature to the resolution
' was not necessary, and it was so or
dered.
! The joint Supervisors' Committee
;on Police, Health and Electricity re
•timed consideration of the plan to ■
parcel out horseshoeing contracts to j
five members of the Master Horsesho
| ers' Association (but excluding "Ed
[ die" Qraney) at $2 50 per horse and
|to Ed Toy at $2 25 per horse. Super
! visor d'Ancona suggested that all the
I bids be rejected and new and separate
! bids be invited for each department,
\ instead of a blanket bid for the sev
eral departments and that the work
;be then parceled out to various bid
' ders.
Supervisor Finn objected to the re
: jection of the bids, saying that Ed
Toy was the lowest bidder at $2 25
, per horse and he should get the entire
I contract, as it would save the city :
■ about $400. Supervisor Rock referred
to the point raised that Toy had been
allowed to substitute a smaller check
after his bid was received, but it was
explained that this did not invalidate
the bid.
Supervisor Boxton objected to re
jecting the bids and argued that the
plan to award the contract to several
responsible bidders should be carried
, out or else the charter should be
obeyed and the contract given to the
j lowest bidder. Boxton also objected
to shutting out any bidder in the
awards.
i The motion to reject the bids was
I lost by a vote of 3 to 4.
The motion to allow the bidders to
' draw all but $100 of their certified
checks, which they had deposited,
was carried. Further consideration of
the matter was then postponed until
! next Monday at 1:30 p. m.
Schooner Fast in Mud.
The men in charge of the fog whistle at Lime
Point discerned a bay schooner, the Emily Mar
tin, at 0 o'clock last night caught in the strong
ebb tide and drifting toward the rocks. Dis
tress signals attrarted the attention of the Fort
I Point Life Saving Station and a boat was sent
| to tne rescue. It was found, however, that a
launch was necessa:y to tow the schooner to
safety and word was sent to Oowley's boat-
I house. The crew of three on the Emily Mar
' tin dropped three anchors in an endeavor to
] avert disaster. When the launch Recruit ar
rived a line was made fast and the work of
towing the schooner commenced. One of the
anchors became wedged in the rocky bottom
1 and after two hours of tugging the launch was
I compelled to leuve, as the captain of the Emily
• Martin refused to slip the anchor chain. There
is little prospect that the schooner can get
i away before the change of tide this' morning,
1 and she Is lying in a perilous position.
; * *
SAN PEDRO —Arrived Jan 22—Stmr Acme,
from Eureka. _
GRA YS HARBOR—Arrived Jan 22—Stmr
Olympic, hence Jan 20. _..„„..
Arrived Jan 23—Stmr Centralia, hence Jan
—Arrived Jan 17—Schr Eva, hence
Jan 12: schr Emma Claudina, from San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA—Arrived Jan 23—Stmr
! Queen, hence Jan 22, and sailed for San Diego.
PORT LOS ANGELES—Arrived Jan 22—
Btmr Coronado, hence Jan 20.
PORT HARFORD—Sailed Jan 23. 4 p m—
1 Stmr Santa Cruz for San Francisco; 6 p m—
Stmr Noyo, for San Francisco. To sail Jan
i 24 3 a m—Stmr Coos Bay, for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO—Arrived Jan 23—Schr Azalea,
j from San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA—Sailed Jan 21—Br stmr St. Fij
ian* for Hongkong. ' •
KAHULUI —Arrived Jan 23—Bark Edward
May. from Tacoma.
HlLO—Sailed Jan 21—Stmr Rosecrans, for
San Francisco: ship Falls of Clyde, for San
Francisco. , _ „ _, , _ „
HONOLULU—Arrived Jan 28—Bktn Fuller
ton, hence .Ten 2.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE COVE—Passed Jan 21—Br
stmr Albuera, for Newport News.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALLAO—Arrived Jan 3—Nor stmr Thor
dis. from Tyne. . _I - _ _ .
LONDON—Arrived Jan 22—Br stmr Tele
machus, from Tacoma.
SAlGON—Arrived Jan 9—Br stmr Anden
craig. from Manila.
PERlM—Passed Jan 22—Br stmr Calchas,
from Tacoma. for London.
PUNTA ARENAS—SaiIed Jan 7—Ger bark
Rlatto. for U. K. , _
('APE TOWN —Sailed Jan 28—Ship Governor
Roble. for Newcastle, NSW.
NEWCASTLE, Aus. —Arrived Jan 22—Bark
George Curtis, from Honolulu, to load for Hon
-01 In*'port Dec 81, loading—Schr Solano, for
Honolulu; bark Jabes Howes, for San Fran-
CI BEACHT HEAD—Passed Jan 28—Ger stmr
Hathor, hence Bept 16, for Hamburg.
YOKOHAMA —Sailed Jan 20—Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver B. C.
Arrived Dec 28—Br stmr Ellerlc, hence Dec
23d
MART PORT —Sailed Jan 21—Br stmr Beat
rice, for Manila.
LIVERPOOL— Balled Jan 21—Span stmr Isla
de Luson. for M*a ,la - „
CORONEL —Arrived Jan 22 — Stmr Ha
waiian, from New York.
Sailed Jan 23 —Stmr Hawaiian, for San
Francisco, via Ban Diego.
MAZATLAN —Sailed Jan 21—Stmr San
Juan, for Ban Francisco; Jan 20 —Stmr Aca
pulco, for Ancon.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH —Arrived Jan 28—Stmr Kron
prln* Wilhelm, from New York.
Memoranda.
PORTLAND, «Jan. 23.— Water la rising- rap-
Idly In the hold of the steamer George W. El
der, previously reported beached near Qobel.
Most of the cargo has escaped damage and been
removed to this city.
LONDON, Jan. 22.— Ocr ship Optima, from
Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia, previously re-
Krted ashore at Norfolk, coast of England,
s been abandoned.
BACK FROM
AUSTRALIA
Funmakers With Dutch
Jokes Find Thickheaded
Auditors in the Antipodes
MAUD AMBER MAROONED
She Will Return and Tell
of Harry James, Who Has
Troubles Over the Women
Travel stained and tired but still in
company formation and riding every
foot of the way home "The Travesty
Stars," the Kolb-Dill-Barnard-Amber-
Blake combination that left here May
6. 1904, to conquer Australia, returned
here yesterday, passengers on the liner
Sonoma. That Is they are all here but
Blake and Amber. Blake is going to
conquer or die, and he stayed in Aus
tralia to fight the battle alone. Maude
Amber is coming on the next steamer.
She would have been on the Sonoma,
say those who returned yesterday, but
for the wicked machinations of Harry
feints', the manager of the outfit and
the only man, say the disappointed
troupers who profited by the visit to
the Antipodes.
Each of the twenty-five troupers
has the idea that but for the oth/r |
twenty-four he or she would have
"knocked the Colonials silly," and
each of the former Fischerites landed i
en Pacific-street wharf with hammer .
in hand.
"If James didn't make money what :
about that big diamond he didn't have
when we went away?"
"We had them lashed to the mast I
and hollering for mercy when Corinne
Carkeek shot off her mouth about the
style of the Australian women. Then
the lights went out."
"We made a mistake when we took
this bunch of chorus girls."
"We didn't have no features the
Australians could understand. If it
hadn't been for us girls the show
would have went to pieces the first
week."
"There aint no Germans over there."
And so on. As to what really hap
pened, it is hard to find out from the
troupers, who have not saved' or are
not exhibiting the criticisms printed
in the Australian newspapers, and
all take solid comfort in the fact that
they rode home. "And first class,
too."
"And they didn't have to pay their
own fares either," >volunteered James.
TWO DARK MYSTERIES.
Two happenings of the home-com
ing are shrouded in mystery—the
marooning of Miss Maud Amber and
Mrs. Harry James' two black eyes.
Harry James is said to hold the key
of both mysteries.
As the others tell of the Amber
episode the buxom one-time local fa
vorite was the victim of a deep laid
scheme. James, they say, had reasons
for wanting to be in San Francisco
ahead of Amber. Before leaving Syd
ney he brought suit against the fair
j star for breach of contract, she and
Blake having left the company when
the ghost ceased to take its weekly
walk, about three weeks before the
end of their last Australian engage
ment. Amber was under bonds to ap
pear in court at a date subsequent to
the sailing of the Sonoma. The day
, the Sonoma sailed James hid away on
i board and did not show himself until
I the liner was well out to sea.
Amber was on the wharf to bid the
homeward-bound troupers good-by. T
think that little rat has jobbed me,"
she said as the Sonoma slowly moved
from the wharf. "He's on board, I
know, and is going to stick his head
through a port and laugh at me in a
few minutes. I'll be on the next boat,
anyhow. Good-by, girls! By-by, boys!"
When Blake and Amber left the
company, Blake brought suit against
James for unpaid salary. This suit
James left in Sydney with Amber.
James denies hiding away and de
i clares that the travesty stars and the
■ ship's officers are laboring under a de-
I lusion when they suggest such a thing.
TWO BLACK EYES.
| Then comes the black eye mystery,
j First the story as told by the stars,
i big and little, by the other passengcers
j and by members of the ship's crew.
The attentions of James to Miss Vio
' let Arthur, a dark eyed member of the
! chorus, are said to have aroused the
j anger of Mrs. James. On Saturday af
j ternoon Mrß. James is said to have dls-
I covered her spouse in Miss Arthur's
i stateroom. There was trouble and in
the thick of it James is said to have
struck his wife between the eyes,
blackening them both.
"Nothing in It," says James. "Wife
hasn't a mark on her. Never struck
her In my life. Hardly know Miss Ar
thur. Dreaming, dreaming, everybody
on this boat is dreaming. If you don't
believe me ask my wife; she'll be down
In a minute."
"Why, the Idea!" said Mrs. James In
the seclusion of her stateroom, where
she remained long after all other pas
sengers had disembarked. Mrs. James
was heaviry veiled, but neither veil nor
the somber light of the darkened room
could hide the ugly evidence of a vio
! lent blow. Both evellds were dlscol
eredjand 4he bridge of the nose showed
red under the heavy veil.
"Mf. James did not hit me. I never
discuss my affairs with reporters.
Please go."
"Know nothing about it," said Miss
Violet Arthur.
The Amber mystery will be cleared
up February 13, when Miss Maud Am
ber arrives on the Ventura.
The other mystery rests as follows:
: Ship gossip and about twenty of the
Travesty stars say James blacked his
i wife's eyes. James says he didn't and
! that there Is no mark on Mrs. James*
! face. Mrs. James says James didn't.
! Mrs. James has two black eyes.
Stranded Vessel Moved.
BELLLNGHAM, Wash.. Jan. 23.—
j The tug Tyee to-day succeeded In
| moving the stranded ship Carleton
from the beach at a point near Squali
cum Creek. The ship haa been bouy
ed with pontoons and, taking advant
i age of the high tide, the tug pulled
' her about fifty feet off the sands. The
i Carleton went ashore here during the
' storm of December 27.
BOARD WANTS
LEGAL ADVICE
Would Know if It Has Power
to Cancel Yorke Contract
for the Repair of Streets
BONDS ARE NUMBERED
Ordinance Passed Providing
for the Validating of Se
curities for Improvements
Th* Board of Supervisors desires le
gal advice before taking steps to can
cel the contract of the F. M. Yorke
Company for repairing bituminous
streets on the ground that the company'
refuses to go on with the work, a notice
to this effect having been filed by the
Board of Public Works. The Super
visors yesterday adopted a report from
the Finance Committee In which the
City Attorney is requested to file an
opinion in answer to these two ques
tions:
L Has the Board of Works, without apeclflo
authorisation of the Board of Supervisors, the
power to enter into a contract for the general
repair of streets?
2. Has the Board of Public Works the right
to resoinl a contract, providing they had the
power to make a contract for the repair of
streets, upon the failure of the contractor to
comply with the requirements of the contract 7
Works Commissioner Aigeltinger sug
gested that bids be Invited and the con
tract be awarded to some responsible
bidder at a lump sum monthly. The
committee did not regard this plan
with favor and thought that the work
should be paid for according to the
square foot after a new contract had
been awarded, if the plan, is legal.
The board passed to print an ordi
nance providing for the numbering of
the municipal bonds and validating all
proceedings in connection with the is
suance thereof. The bonds for the sev
eral improvements are numbered from
"one" upwards for each denomination,
there being 28,400 in all.
Mayor Schmitz filed a recommenda
tion that the City Attorney be author
ized to appoint a fifth assistant City
Attorney at a salary of $150 per month,
the work of the office having greatly
increased owing to proceedings in the
issuance of bonds. An ordinance
that effect was passed to print.
The Board of Works sent a communi
cation explaining the demands of the
Union Machine Company for repairs on
the Fourth and Sixth street bridges.
The letter says that In no in
stance has any of these pieces of work
amounted to over $500 and under' the
charter no contract for the work was
necessary.
The petition of the Sunset Improve
ment Club that provision be made for
the paving with bitumen or asphalt of
the northerly half of H street, from
First to Seventh avenue and from
Twentieth avenue to the Ocean Boule
vard at a cost of $50,000 was referred to
j the Finance Committee.
H. H. Taylor filed a statement of
the operations of the Mills building
electric plant, showing the revenue
during 1904 to have been $1827 and the
expenditures $1094 72. The original cost
of the plant was $10,000 and its present
value is estimated at $500.
The petition of J. B. Seeley that the
obstructions on St. Joseph avenue, be
tween Geary and O'Farrell streets, be
removed as being a nuisance was re
\ ferred to the Street Committee,
j The Board of Works withdrew its
recommendation for the construction of
an asphalt pavement on the northerly
portion of H street, from Seventh to
; Twentieth avenue, recommending that
the street be bituminized at a cost of
$30,000. '
The following ordinances were finally
passed:
Ordering street work on Duboce avenue, be
! tweon Market and Church streets: Eighth ave
-1 nue. between 1 and J streets; Fifteenth street,
opposite Sharon; Lily avenue, between Laguna
| and Buchanan; Lake street, between Twenty -
I sixth and Tw.»nty-seventh avenues; Wildey
I avenue, between Webster and Fillmore; Ash
■ bury street, opposite Frederick, and on Fair
Oaku street, between Twenty-fifth and Twenty
; sixth.
i Expunging from the official map that por
tion of Shipley street between Elizabeth place
and Hitch slre-t.
Fixing the width of sidewalks on Elm ave
nue.
REPUBLICAN COMMITTEE
PLEADS FOR NIEDRINGHAUS
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan. 23.—
The fifth- ballot for United States S«?n
atoi to succeed Francis J. CockreU
rerulted in no change and was as fol
lows: Niedringhaus, 80; Cockrell, 79;
Kerens, 9; Pettijohn, L
M*lor William Warner of Kansas
City, who was a candidate for Sena
tor bofoie the recent Republican cau
cus arrived to-day.
"1 nm not a candidate for Senator
now," said the major. "The Repub
lican n.cmbers should support the
caucus nominee."
A resolution was adopted this after
noon by the Republican State Cci tral
Committee, calling on all Republican
numbers of the Assembly to support
Thomas K. Niedringhaus, the can *us
rominee for United States Senator.
ADVJEJRTJISEMENTS.
Needed. no laundry save Dame Na
ture's. Of course you are at greater ex
pense in that regard than Father Adam
was. See to it that it's no greater than
need be. The short of that is, bring or
send, or let us call for, your shirts, col
lars, cuffs, underwear, night garb, etc.,
and get them cleansed > and freshened
up at really reasonable rates.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STREET,
Telephone South 400
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cancer & Stomach
CURED BY
Electro-Chemisty
■SsBSSSBBBBsf W
THE TESTIMONIAL OF MRS. WILLIAM
SEALS: "A year ago I was operated on for
cancer of the stomach. I came very near
dying under the operation. In fact the opera
tion was not entirely finished because of my
great danger. After hanging between life and
death for several weeks I was able to leave
the hospital. Before doing so the surgeon
who performed the operation told me that It
would be necessary for me to undergo another
operation of similar character. I felt quite
sure that another operation would have killed
me and therefore put It off. I suffered con
tiguously wtth a serious pain In the pit of my
stomach. For months after the operation the
wound was more or less bothersome, but the
constant .pain In my stomach told me plainly
that the cancer had not been entirely removed.'
In this condition and to escape another opera
tion I placed the treatment of my case In
the care of the Electro-Chemlo specialists at
118 Grant aye., San Francisco. From the be
ginning of the Electro-Chemlc treatment I
found myself Improving. The pain In my
stomach gradually lessened, my appetite grad
ually came back and, best of all. I was able
to digest the food that I ate without any
trouble. From the start of the Electro-Chemlc
treatment I gained In strength and I have
been dismissed thoroughly cured In every way.
The pain is entirely cured. I can eat most
anything I crave and my digestion is normal.
The results in my case have been so truly
wonderful that I feel it my duty to let other
sufferers • know Of my experience with the
Electro-Chemic treatment. I oonslder my case
as bad as a case could well be and this won
derful new treatment simply proved curative
from the beginning."
(Signed) MRS. WM. SEALS.
1140 Market St., S. F., Cel.
rprr CONSULTATION
"EE EXAMINATION
Electro-Chemlstfy cures quickly, permanently
and cheaply, without operation. CONSUMP
TION, CATARRH. BRONCHITIS.
DEAFNESS. RINGING EARS. CANCERS.
TUMORS. ECZEMA. BLOOD POISON. SKIN
DISEASE. RHEUMATISM. NEURALGIA,
LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA. PARALYSIS. SPE
CIAL DISEASES OF WOMEN—IRREGULAR
ITIES DISPLACEMENTS, PAINFUL PERI
ODS, WEAK BACKS. DIZZINESS. FAINT
ING SPELLS, OVARIAN PAINS, ULCERA
TIONS; SPECIAL DISEASES OF MEN—
PROSTATITIS, STRICTURE, VARICOCELE.
LOSS OF STRENGTH, NERVE EXHAUS
TION, ETC.
Electro-Ghemic Institute
118 Grant Aye., Cor. Post St
San Francisco, Cal.
Office hours—B a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8
p. m. daily. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Separate apartments for ladies and gentlemen.
carters] cim SICK B£ADACHEa
■ShTTiE Genuine Must Bear
8 PHILS Fac-Simile Signature
>ffiVDEWEY,STROHG acCO.^ffV
(1 J
MARKET ST. S.F.^sis**^
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers of company, or
for which It Is agent, leave
Piers 9 and 11. San Fran-
For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
Juneau, Treadwell, Haines,
Skaguay. etc., Alaska—ll a.
nr.., Jan. 25, 30, Feb. 4.
Change to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver, Anacortes, Port
Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. South
Belllngham. Belllngham—ll a. m.. Jan. 2*,
30 Feb. 4. Change at Seattle to this com
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Rjr.; at Van
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Jan. 23. 29, Feb. 4. Corona. 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 20, 26, Feb. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Queen, Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (SaS
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Jan. 22, 30, Feb. 7.
Santa Cruz (freight only). 9 a. m., Jan. 2fi.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Psz, Santa Rosalia.
Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each month.
For further Information obtain folders. Right
U reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES—4 New Montj,' 'n
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market St., and Broad
way wharves. Freight Office 10 Market, st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger *.gent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth—Cherbourg—Southampton.
Philadelphia ..Feb. 41 New York Feb. 18
St. Paul Feb. ll'st. Louis Feb. 25
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
New York—London Direct.
Minneapolis ...Feb. 4; Minnetonka ...Feb. 18
Mesaba Feb. 11 Manltou Feb. 25
RED STAR LINE.
New York—Antwerp—London—Peris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris. •
Kroonland Feb. 4'Finland Feb. 18
Zeeland Feb. 11 Vaderland Feb. 25
WHITE STAR LINE.
New Tork—Oueenstown —Liverpool.
Teutonic* Feb. 8. 10 amjMajesticFt-b. 22, 10 am
Oceanic.Feb. 15. 2 pm Baltic. .Mar. 1. 2 pOs
Boston—Queen stown —Liverpool.
Winifredisn Feb. BK>mrlr Mar 1
NEW YORK AND BOSTON DIRECT
To the Mediterranean.
Gibraltar. Naples- Genoa. Alexandria.
FROM NEW YORK.
CRETIC Feb. 4. noon; March 18. noon
REPUBLIC Feb. 25. noon; April 13, noon
FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC Feb. 18. 8:30 a. m.
ROMANIC March 11. 1 p. m.
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post St., San Francisco.
_ 1 '
UCCInlC5e9eV9e *™£*ff ?TJ,\
S.S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Jan. 2t, 11 A.M.
6 S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
'and Sydney, Thurs., Feb. 2. 1905, 2 P. M.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Feb. 7, 11 A. M.
J.D.SPaECKLSkBROS. CO., AjtS.,TlCtMol!lKol3 In
tel Ireufjit Office 327 Markit sl, Pter 7, Pacile ;l
OOMFAOHIK QIMERALE TRANS ATLANTIC, UK.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE —Paris. f> flshs
Sailing every Thursday instead of 'mtJOfwi
Saturday, at 10 a.an., from Pier 42, ********
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
Hew York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
KOSMOB LINE, SAN FRANCISCO.
PASSENGER SERVICE.
Steamship "AMASIS" will sail from San
Francisco, February 2, 1905. for Europe, via
ports on the west coast of Mexico, Central and
South America. Steamship "ASSUAN" will
! sail February I*. 1905. For rates and accom
modations apply to LENDAL M. GRAY. Man
ager, 529 Market street.
Por V. S. Navy Yard and Yallelo.
Strs. General Frisbie, Montlcello and Arrow.
9-45 a_m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., « p.m., 8:30
p.m.; Sundays 9:45 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p.m..
8-30 p.m. Leave Vallejo, 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 12:30
p m., 3:15 p.m. (»8:46 p.m. Saturday). 6 p.m.
Sundays. 7 a.m.. 9 a.m., 3:20 p.m., 6 p.m. Plert
2 foot Mission St.; phone Mala 1508. HATCH
BROS.
1112
o*o TO WANT IS HUMAN—TO TILL THE WANT 15 THE
THE^CALL
JOHN ]>. SFRECKJELiS PrttygMtW
Address Communications to
JOHN Mt .WI GHT .^Manager
\V. J. iIARTIN..". -Buslnigß^lanagcr
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THIS CALL. The Operator Will Con
nect Ycj With the Dipartiuent You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
l.dilorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Ttrms by .Via!!. Including Postage (Cash With
Order):
DAILY CALL (inclui. Sunday), 1 year...sß.oo
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday), C mos 4.0»
DAILY CALL—By Single Mcnth ff9
SIN DAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 100
FOREIGN 1 Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
■j Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. Dal , y .SB.BO Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of ad
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Post Bulldlna
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
Union Souare; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDB:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great j
Northern Hctel; Tremont House; Auditorium |
Hotel; Palmer Hot:*;.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. ' Central 2619.") |
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulliing j
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1006 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. ra. '
527. Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
► :S0 p. m.
• EGO Hayes street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
■ 6:19 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
RIB Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
. 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
.TkTEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., gi
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- W
ING, Jan. 24. at 7:30 o'clock. P. M. />/\
and M. E. 3d. degrees.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and a
A. M.—Called meeting THIS (TUES- yy
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. •'VN
Third degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
" ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
• M.. Masonic Temple—First degree
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 /VN
. o'clock. Craftsmen cordially Invited.
• R. C. JEWELL, W. M.
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 360, F. <_
and A. M.. Mission Temple—Second ,I *fSf
degree THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING />*f\
at 7 o'clock. Visiting brethren cor
dially invited. By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
' MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O.
o. F. Business of importance
THIS (TCESDAY) KVENIN* 5. *'-fi| JHfJF 1 '
Please attend. y^mfm M* r
P. CHRISTENSEN, N. G.
SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary.
A NICHT wl' Burns.—Clan Fraser Hft>\
No. 78, O. S. C.. will celebrate the Caps
146 th anniversary of Scotland's - MWmrQt
poet, ROBERT BURNS, with a
grand entertainment and ball in _r\Jr
Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st.. •**
on TUESDAY EVENING, January 24. Cho
rus singing by members Clan Fraser. Pic
turesque tableau taken from Burns' works.
The Soldier's Return, Duncan Grey. John
Anderson, characteristic Scotch dance, Pat
'ronella. Oration by Professor James Main
Dixon of California University. Scotch
songs by well-known artists under the direc
tion of Robert Lloyd. Entertainment at 8.
Dancing at 10. Music by Falrgrieve's Scotch
Orchestra. Admission 50c. children 25c.
COMMITTEE.
ANNUAL meeting—The regular annual meet
ing of the lot owners In the Masonic Ceme
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple on
TUESDAY, February 7, 1905, at 2 o'clock
' -p. m., for the election of nine directors and
such business as may legally come before
them. THEO FROLICH, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re
' celved application to mine by hydraulic pro
cess from Santa Fe Gold Mining Company,
in Santa Fe mine, near Westville, Placer
County, Cal.. draining into John Dick Creek,
which reaches North Fork of Middle Fork of
American River, gives notice that a meeting
to receive any protests will be held at room
68. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., Feb
ruary 6, 1905, at 1:30 p. m.<
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTHjP—A few good picture men to com
plete crew for road. Apply 242 Turk st..
suite 421, Rex Hotel.
RELIABLE agents made $100 month selling
Removo. Why not you? DEMING, 927 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS agents wanted: will make $25
to $50 a day. 212 Parrott building.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
Advice free In ail legal matters: private divorces
a specialty, quick, quiet; no pay unless divorce
Is granted; collections made; partnership bill of
sale, wills, deeds, etc., drawn. Open evenings
by request. Established 22 years. G W
HOWE. 1122 Market St.. bet. Mason A Taylor".
ADVICE free, private, confidential; business
• legally and promptly transacted; attachmnts
.collections, probate, mechanics' Hens, tenants
ejected, bankruptcy; contracts, wills etc
drawn. W. MATTHEWS. 632 Market,'rm.2s!
: R. W. KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam, bldg
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 20
years- all courts, general court and office
• practice; no fees In advance or for consulta
tion ; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
A 1 • VICE free; legal divorce, costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee in advance; open Sat
urday evenings; ether evenings by appolnt
■ ment; call and save money. 819 Market, r. 33.
AA—Divorce; costs $12; quick.quiet;advice free
all law business; no charge unless successful
open evenings. 927 Market St., room 801.
A A—DIVORCE; costs $12; advice" free. '
All legal bus.; no charge unless successful.
Examiner building, room 316.
JOHN GUIDERY, attorney-at-law, rooms 35
* and 36, Chronicle bldg.; phone John 2781.
IF you need a lawyer consult me at once; low
est fee. H. H. HEATH. 855 James Flood bid.
L, S. CLARK, 927 Market, room 304; consulta
tlon free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
TOR sale—s36so: 1904. latest model.
24-horsepower Pope-Toledo, witn canopy top,
Mlchelin tires; Al condition; owner going
East February 1. Box 4139, Call offlce.
A CADILLAC auto for sale; better than new,
as It has only been run short while. Bog
4402, Call offlce.
FOR sale—Automobile (Dolson); will sell very
reasonable. Box 4001, Call office.
ASTHMA CUM.
Dl SOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly;
ICc. 26c, 50c. 1002 Market. St. Nicholas, also
Wishart, Tenth and Waal'ngton, Oakland.
BOARDING FOB CHILDREN.
WANTED—I of 2 children to board; good
country home; Jersey cow; no other children.
Address MRS. C. BEIDON, Santa Rosa.
ll.* ,1' U IJU
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
* NT ITS cleaned und pressed. $1: Bcouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Zxamner bldg., r. 410;
$»hone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
, BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — coal, wood, hay and grain business;
J horses, 3 wagons; net rent $.14: estab.
I years; owner a widow; must sell at one,
i us see wjrr.ts to leave the State. Call K.
G. wiLKE. 2841 Kearny st.
A—s22oo; coffee saloon in Oakland: rent $50;
place taking In above $10 per day; 10 years'
tea**; a splendid offer. Call R. G. WILKE,
20% Kearny st.
i A—5350: delicatessen store and* branch bakery
I on Kills st.; 4 living rooms; rent $70; a bar
gain. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
I A—S2OCO: RESTAURANT and lodging-house:
130 beds; rent $80; located Sacramento and
Montgomery ;:ts.; place clears about $300 per
1 month. See R. G. WILKE, 20*4 Kearny st.
j A—s.'{ooo; CORNER grocery, kept by owner 9
j years; doing a large business; owner has an
other corner grocery and bar for $8000; must
I sell either one; take your choice; location the
best. See R. G-. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
I A—s7so: DRY goods and notion store In Berke
ley; rent $18; 5 living rooma: a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—42000; ONE of the beet paying and elegant
furnished restaurants and oyster grottos in
* this city; location the very best; close to the
aters; 4 years' lease; Investigate and make
offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—sl2so; HALF Interest In leading bakery,
coffee paritr or lunch. room across the bay;
retiring partner must leave for Germany at
once; bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
I Kearny st.
A—s3ooo; CORNER saloon on Sixth st.; place
doing a good paying business; estab. years;
lease; a first-class business proposition. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—$1800; BAKERT In lively town, 30 miles
from S. F.; rent $27; 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day; 3 horses 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny at.
A—$800; OYSTER and chop house, close to
Market and 7th sts.; rent $29; good business;
owner must sell this place or his other oyster
and chop house on Montgomery aye.; price
$450; rent $16; come investigate and take
your choice. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—sl2oo: ROADHOUSE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $16; lease; shuffleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s22oo; CORNER saloon on California St.;
rent $75; old established business and good
paying place; fine fixtures; large stock; a
bargain. Call, R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; FRUIT and produce stand in leading
market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses, 2 wagons; a splendid offer and rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$800; RESTAURANT and chop house; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business; investi
gate; this is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses, wagons and buggy; one of the beet
In this city. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny at.
A—41800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s3soo: LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
$2000; stock guaranteed; one block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated close to Market aad a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a flrst-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar, with 6
living rooms; on Sacramento St.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A TRY KREDO A CO. A.
THE RELIABLE AGENTS.
Phone Black t>B72 ; 765 MARKET ST.
A—Gold harvester. Investigate this.
5 men wanted wtth $200 to $500 each.
$125; chicken ranch; 110 chickens; incuba
tors, etc.
$1100; grocery and bar; old est.; retiring.
$950; delicatessen and grocery; snap.
$250; branch bakery, notions, etc*) 3 rooms.
$1500; saloon; rent $10; business location.
$3500; hotel, 22 rooms; realty and business.
$1550, oyster and chop house; $50 dally.
APARTMENT AND LODGING-HOUSES.
50 rooms; modern; up-to-date $4000
65 rooms, with large dining-room $5000
Others from 10 to 100 rooms; free list.
MONEY TO LOAN. KREDO, 765 Market.
j. b. oberle" w. h7 mas'sey.
Eagle Realty Offlce,
230 Kearny, rooms 1 and 2; phone Black 6694.
RESTAURANT; seats 90; ,fine business; must
be sold account of death.' 23Q'Kearny st.
100 SALOONS from $560 to $6000; all parts of
the city; bargains. 230 Kearny st.
SALOON, boarding, lodging house; old estab.;
fine business; good opportunity. 230 Kearny.
$550 —BLACKSMITH, horseshoeing shop or will
take partner for $300; snap. 230 Kearny st.
$375—LODGING-HOUSE, 11 rooms; rent $45;
clears $90; 200 others; bargains. 230 Kearny.
$375—CORNER cigar stand; good stock and
fixtures; slot machine, cash register and
good-paying trade. 1007% Market st.
WANTED—Honest and sober man to look after
offlce and keep plain accounts; experience un
necessary; small capital required. 1007% Mkt.
$200 BUYS nice little home, good furniture;
rent only $30, water free; this Is a fine cor
ner flat of 7 rooms and bath. 1007% Market.
$276—BARBER shop; good business; 2 chairs;
3 living rooms; snap. 1007% Market, nr. 6th.
F. A. B ROOK BANK,
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market St.. between Fifth and Sixth.
A —PARTY with $300 and services can secure
an interest in well paying business clearing
$200 to $250 monthly at present and same
can be easily Increased; must be sober and
Industrious. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
TO INVESTORS.
WE HANDLE
Hlgh-elass propositions only.
From $600 to $50,000.
Have dividend propositions paying all the
way from 5 to 20 per cent per annum.
Fullest Investigation courted.
Call or write for particulars.
J. W. JAQUITH A CO.,
James Flood building,
Rooms 874. 876 and 878; tel. John 2421.
WE Incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT A CO.. ElUcott square,
Buffalo.
$300—STEADY man wanted aa partner In es
tablished cash business; will pay on an aver
age $00 per month to each; duties light;
easily learned; no night or Sunday work.
632 Market st.. room 6.
SMALL shoestore and repair shop for sale.
1414 Pacific st.
SALOON for sale, with lease. 200 Ninth st.
A RESPECTABLE permanent cash businesi
that's a monopoly, easily managed and ab
solutely free from any element of a get-rlch
qulck scheme or fake, is offered party with
some energy and $1000 to Invest, where with
ordinary labor from $3000 to $6000 can bo
cleared yearly; owner of this business in
vites a close investigation, as it will be
truthfully represented In all respects; bank
and business references given. For personal
Interview address box 4166, Call offlce.
$4775—ALL the furniture of a flrst-class hotel
of 57 rooms. Including bar-room and fixtures,
billiard room and table, dining-room linen,
crockery, range, etc.; a 'bus. 2 horses and I
harness; with 10-year lease on house; situ
ated In one of the best small cities In Cali
fornia and near San Francisco. Address box
4902, Call offlce.
FOR sale—A bargain; whole property: a coun
try hotel, with bar. at railroad station, to
gether with furnishings, complete; piped for
gas, own system; pays $50 per month rent
er will exchange for suitable ranch. Ad
dress Owner, box 28, Windsor. Sonoma Co.
$600—CANDY store; fine stock sad fixtures;
fountain; adjoining P. O.: lUra town; sales
$200 monthly; rent $15. 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
A GOOD chance for a lady to get half Interest
In rooming-house; smalt capital required
610 Geary st.
RESTAURANT for sale; centrally located; es
tublished 25 years; must sell at once. 181
Sixth st
WANTED —Partner harness business; small
capital; low rent; nr. Market. Box 4752. Call.
$3750— HOTEL business; estsblished 20 years;
In good town. Owner. *box 4785, Call.
HOTEL for sale or rent —Hotel, orchard, red
wods, etc. Principal, box 4763, Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1905.
BUSINESS CBvA NCESj^ontin^ed^^
A—CAMERON &. CO. Phone South • ICSO.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor all kinds of business chances.
A—sssoo; one of the best corner grocery and
bars in 6. F.; downtown transfer corner; o
years' lease; cheap rent; doing big business,
but eon-veiled to leave for Europe; here is
ehanee of litetime to secure flrst-class busi
ness projKjsitlon that will bear investigation.
CAMERON A CO.
A—s3so; good Market st. cigar store; cheap
rent: well located und;-r iirst-claes hotel:
this Is a rare chance to get tine location and
business cheap. CAMERON & CO.
A —s3soo; tip-top stationery and bazaar: swell
location; long lease; cheap rent; stock and
fixtures up-to-date; never changed hands;
established 10 years; clearing now $300 to
$350 per month; best reasons for selling;
genuine snap. CAMERON & CO.
A—slsoo; well located cafe, bllllard-room, two
chair barber shop, with S well furnished
rooms above; rent only $30; cost over $2500
to furnish; call and make offer as owner
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.
A—$1800; flrst-class saloon on fine corner,
wholesale district: rent only $60; doing good
business; no night or Sunday work; big
opportunity. See CAMERpN & CO.
For sale—Well located. 3-chair barber shop
on Fillmore St.; rent $15; doing good busi
ness; old established stand; here Is a chance
to get paying business for little money;
Owner leaving city; price $300. CAMERON j
& CO.
A—s3 Boo; flrst-class 38-room country hotel, j
bar alone cost $1500: one of the best inland j
towns in State; 50 miles from 8. F.; doing
good business: family troubles causing sale; I
furnishings new and up-to-date; now is your
time. CAMERON & CO.
$10,000; MARKET st. saloon; elegantly fitted
up; excellent location; 5-year lease; reason
ably low rent; $2500, Al stock; clears not
less than $350 per month; owner must sell
on account of other business; Investigate
this grand place. R. E. CALLAHAN, 26
Montgomery St.
WAfTED—By respectable, refined working
girl, roommate to share expenses in a large,
comfortably furnished room with housekeep
ing privileges; centrally located; lady work
ing in office or store preferred; object econ
omy and companionship. Box 4776, Call.
WANTED—Lady or gentleman with small
capital to enlarge an established business; %
interest with or without services: references
exchanged; can clear $400 a month up. Cali
fornia Illustrated Song Co., 1. b., 34. Oakland
FINE team with wagon and route for sale:
$500; Scandinavian man preferred: fine op
portunity for energetic man. Box 4528.
Call office.
WILL sacrifice my grocery, bar and furniture
in a 6-rocm flat for $2800, valued at $5000;
long lease, low rent; best corner In Mission.
Call at 3153 24th st.; phone Church 6187.
WANTED—An established delicatessen store;
no difference what the present trade Is if it
Is located In a good residence district; give
full particulars to box 4901, Call offlce.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business offlce for particulars.
PARTY with $5000 or more and services; es
tablished manufacturing business; good sal
ary; real estate security. Box 4735, Call.
PARTNER with $1500 cash; one that will stay
In offlce; no trlflers. PHILBRICK, 449%
Guerrero st.
$500 —HAY. grain and boarding stable; estab.
30 years; good place for wood and coal yard;
owner retiring. 1318 Grove st.
Wanted —Stationery, notions, books; don't ob
ject to candy, cigars attached; good loca
tion; living rooms. Box 4483, Call.
FOR sale —Flrst-class bakery In San Diego. Cal.
Particulars. "THE LITTLE WONDER,"
24th and Bryant sts., city.
BUTCHER shop wanted with an established
trade. Address, with particulars, box 4801,
Call office.
$350 —DELICATESSEN store. Including 2 fur
nished rooms; In good business location; re
ceipts $10 per day; rent low. Box 4906, Call.
FOR SALE—Whole or half Interest In a real
estate office In Berkeley; splendid location.
Apply box 1592, Call offlce.
FOR sale—Restaurant; good location. At 3220
Fulton st.
$900 —CORNER grocery and bar; good location
in Mission. Box 4501. Call offlce.
WANTED—To buy cigar stand; state location,
etc. Box 4503. Call offlce.
% OR 1-3 Interest new Imp. steam cylinder
and valve structure stm. en. Box 4539, Call.
$1450 WILL buy gent's furnishing goods store,
doing good bus 926 Western aye.. Petaluma.
MAN or woman with $300; good-paying busl
ness. Call 204 First st.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
FOB SALE.
A. CAMERON A CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
One of the swellest 83-room family hotels In
San Francisco, catering to same class of people
as St. Francis or Palace; furniture, carpets
and furnishings of the best; everything up to
date; there Is nothing thai excels it In this
city; never been on market before; this hotel
now clears, over all expenses, $1400 per month;
best of reasons for selling; this house cost $40,.'
000 to furnish; to be sacrificed for $24,000; ex
clusively with us.
40 rooms; brand new, up-to-date proposition;
beautiful building, furniture, carpets and dra
peries of the best; fine location; near Market;
cheap rent: 5 years' lease; clearing over $200
per month; all full nice roomers; any one
looking for flrst-class new house can't overlook
this; part cash, balance paid out of huse;
price, $3500.
9-room modern upper flat; rent $60, water
free; only 6 months furnished, with elegant
furnishings; choice block Ellis at.; $300 down,
balance can be paid $25 per month.
21 rooms, south Market; rent $85; well fur
nished and clearing $75 per month; cost over
$1200 to furnish; can be had for $850, with
one-half cash, balance 1 per cent,
16 rooms, Eddy st.; $65 rent; oak and cherry
furrlture; carpets good, and clears $75 per
month; leaves 3 best rooma for family; part
down, halance can be made from house.
100 rooms; heart of business eeffter; grand,
new, modern building with all the up-to-date
appliances; steam heat, electric light and ele
vator; furnishings and draperies the best; the
cheapest rent in San Francisco for downtown
house: rare opportunity to get flrst-class busi
ness that will pay $400 to $500 per month;
owner must leave city; only with us.
6-room modem flat; new 6 months; rent $25;
beautifully furnished; fine location; and cost
over $000 to furnish; snap at $400.
35 rooms, part housekeeping; rent only $140;
oak furniture; fine carpets; clearing $150 per
month; long lease; can be had for $1800 down,
balance time at low interest.
67-room, new and modern apartment house;
exquisitely furnished in weathered oak, ma
hogany and blrdseye maple. Axmlnster and
velvet carpets; 2 and 3 room apartments; 6
years' lease; full flrst-class people;, obliged to
leave for the East.
14 rooms. Eddy; cheap rant; well furnished
M'TJak, with good carpets; part housekeeping;
where you can clear about $50 and have nice
little home with small amount of work; price,
$800.
16 rooms, well located on Eddy; oak furni
ture, good carpets; fine condition; clears $60
and leaves 3 best rooms landlady; reduced to
$1200.
6-room upper flat, corner; rent $50; lease If
wanted; beautifully furnished; only furnished
one year and cost $1280; bargain at $650.
60 rooms, all light and sunny; close in;
beautiful new building; fine entrance; elegantly
furnished throughout In weathered oak, mahog
any. blnlßeye maple; finest velvet and Axmln
t-ter carpets; long lease with cheap rent; clears
$30" per month: never before on market; Illness
of husband causes sale; only with us.
19 rooms, located In flrst-class neighborhood,
close In; rent Is only $85; extra well furnished
md clearing $61, per month; ali full; part
housekeeping; price $1400.
11 rooms; Geary, close In: cheap rent; fur
niFhed in oak and mahogany; carpets first
claws; all full and clearing nice little income;
must leave city; price $750.
70-room country hotel; best Interior town in
State; barroom, 2 lining roms and 5-room
tottage besides; rent $100 per mnth; can get
10 years' lease: brick building: everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
12 rooms, well furnished; rent only $5 per
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE—Con.
room; you can make $50 per month and have
2 nice rooms for family; only $850.
80-room family hot"l on Nob Hill; elegantly
furnished; all light and sunny rooms; choice
location and cleara fine ,'ncome; sickness in
family compels being disposed of; make offer.
30 rooms; flrst-class, new transient house;
well furnished and doing fine business; owners
are getting* old and wish to retire from busi
ness.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy st.
Money to Loan.
Phone (private line) Main 33-4-3.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Up-to-date offices in the James Flood build
ing, corner Market and Powell. Entrance op
posite "Emporium."
Suite 801, near elevators.
Free service to buyers. Titles guaranteed.
HIGH - CLASS. RECOM
BEAUTI FUL MENDED
NEW AND —37 rooms—
MODERN 68 NEW and-MOD
rooms (partly ERN. The fur
furnished), full niFhLngs are new
of roomers. Rent and beautiful,
inly $5 per room; Clears $175
5-year lease; monthly. Jt is
price, $3500. the finest in this
Fine opportun- city,
ity. See
See MARION
MARION GRIFFIN;
GRIFFIN.
SMALL WANTED.
HOUSE, NEW A cultured lady
AND MODERN. to buy this
Do you want a fashionable ho
nice, quiet, sun- lei of 45 rooms;
ny CORNER clearing $200
HOUSE? It has monthly.
24 rooms —Price $5000 —
—and In a— % cash; Install
tplendld location. ments.
Owner out of —NOW—
city. We are or- —WE—
dered to sell and —SAY—
will submit any —THIS —
offer. —HOTEL—
Please —IS—
Remember. —O. X.—
MARION Respectfully
GRIFFIN MARION
"Will submit GRIFFIN,
any offer."
SNAP It quick; IF YOU
$500 for 16 want to ex
rooms; n. a. cor. change your
fine location, house for any
north of Market. other house,
Rent $30; $250 MARION
down and $10 -GRIFFIN
monthly. In- can arrange it
come should be for you.
$90 monthly.
Business propo
sitions.
GREAT BAR-
GAINS. 68 rooms
north of Mar
-30-room apart- ket; elevator;
ment house; rent modern; $5700;
$55; clean and % cash; easy
full; easy terms; terms: Income
price $1600; $430 over rent;
sickness. 7-year lease.
39-room lodging 87 rooms and
house; clears bar; $4250; rent
$140; rent, $60; $325: owner
price, $1600; positively guar
well furnishes. antees $300 pro-
fit monthly.
10 rooms on
Geary st.; nice, 52 rooma, new
$460; $100 down and grand; 9
and small pay- year lease;
ments. cleara $350
monthly; $1500
18-room house, 3 down and ln
hlocks north; re- stallments.
duced to $500 if
sold by 5 p. m.. 154-room apart -
Jan. 24th. ment house;
. $7500; $2000
24 rooms; 3-year cash; profit $396
lease; central: monthly.
clears $86; price
$1300. one-half 38 rooms, very
cash. Clean and swell, on Sutter:
respectable. cleara $150
monthly; price
22 rooms: near reduced from
Ellis and Lar- $3500 to $3000.
kin; rent $70: Do not fall to
clears $70; price See
$1100. reduced to MARION
$945. GRIFFIN
ONLY $200 paid Do you want a
down (for a hotel or board
trial) ing house? We
—19 rooms— have several nice
3 blocks north, propositions.
—price $1200 — Call and see us.
reduced from MARION
$1600. We hack GRIFFIN,
you for a thous- James Flood bid
and.
BEST INVESTMENT.
This 19-ror.m house, rent $3 a room, will clear
$90 per month; this is positively the best In
vestment; will sell for $1200. part cash. 121
Montgomery st.
FISCHER * CO.,
Successors to Mitchell & Co. In rooming
houses, hotels and flats, James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market, room 430. Phone Main 3384.
THE Manila House. 737% Howard, will be
sold at your own price; your own terms;
clears over $100 per mo.: owner Is unable to
continue, acet. old age, sickness. Call, see.
JUST the place to make money; must be sold;
sickness; 65-room downtown lodging-house;
$3000 cash balance on time; Investigate.
Box 4577. Call.
11 ROOMS, housekeeping; clear $40; rent cheap;
departure; refuse no reasonable offer. 116
Page st.
8 ROOMS: rent $20; 6 pay $18 over rent; $800.
Box 4756, Call.
A WELL-PAYING 11-room house, nicely fur
nished; eunny side. 506 Eddy at.
FOR sale—A 17-room house; good reasons for
selling. Call after 12. 102 Fourth st.
21 ROOMS at 23S Kearny: Income $220 month;
price $1750; lease; bargain. Call at room 9.,
$575—BARGAIN; ten light rooms, good loca
tion; low rent; good Income. 817 Poet st.
FOR sale—At a bargain, flrst-class 21-room
lodging-house. Inquire at 725 Folsom st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A—EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult »
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings. 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You ran be the judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will t-11 you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Oives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites th* separated, settles lovers' quarrels
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY,
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love and how to make your husband or evlfe
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and bow to make a person at
a distance think of you and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis st —421A—Ellis st.
Hour*—lo a. m. to Bp. m. Private flat.
MME. M. BERNARD, the fnmoua clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs of life: never failed to give satis
faction; 25c up. 1" Third St., next Examiner.
MRS. DR. HARBICH, clairvoyant, palmist and
card reader; glves-'edvice In business, health,
love, employment, etc.; $1: English, German.
Hungarian, Polish and Bohemian spoken. 1838
Telegraph aye., near 35th St., Oakland.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with second sight; tells-past, present, future;
ladlee, 50c; gents by cards, $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings, $1 60. 303 Jones,nr.Eddy.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable rlalrvovsnt reading consult
LIVINGSTONE.
28% Kearny st.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The* Vendome, 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours—lo
a. m to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MIBS WARD. 1200 Market St., parlor 31, clalr
voyant. gives names, dates: take elevator.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist, clairvoyant, card read
er: readings, 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. 612 Jessie st.
CLAIRVOYANTS—Continued.
LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS FOR 10 DAYS.
50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c
FOR A RELIABLE AND INTELLIGENT
CLAIRVOYANT READING GO TO
LIVINGSTONE 26% KEARNY ST.
HE ASKS NO QUESTIONS, BUT
TELLS YOU WHAT YOU WISH TO KNOW.
He has met every expectation, every ad
vertised promise. He is acknowledged by all
who consult him as a true exponent of the
occult science for overcoming trouble, bad
luck. 11l health, business, love, family and
financial worries. Would it not be a relief
to know how you will succeed, to be relieved
of the matters that are troubling you, and
of the schemes of your enemies that you
may meet with better success? His only
reason for giving your name In full or any
Important Information you may desire Is
that he does this incidentally, as a chain to
read by, and it is left to your Judgment
whether he intelligently does all he claims
and advertises to do.
FOR 10 DAYS. SMALL FEE.
60c 50c 60c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 500
LOCATED 26% KEARNY ST.
EVERYTHING WITHOUT DOUBT
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL.
MME. LYNN.
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psychic—Mystic
SPECIAL REDUCTION THIS WEEK.
Readings 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c
Wonderful, bewildering is the work of
Mme. Lynn, whose readings are a revelation;
advice on love, marriage, courtship, business,
mines; also reunites the separated; gives
secret power to control any one In 21 days.
She tells you full name and what you want
to know. All business strictly confidential.
239 Powell et.. near Geary.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p.sm.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names given; $1: hours. 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. KRONENBERG.'fpalmist. clairvoyant,
card reader; when others fall try me; read
ings 25c. 102% Sixth st.. near Mission.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sitting* daily. 108 6th St..rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller. is now at 317 Ellis st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, snd
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 619 Mc-
Alltster; readings daily; come, skeptics.
MME? EILERSFICKEN. spiritual life reading
dally this week. 25c. 1035 Market st,
FRED P. EVANS, the world's most famous
slate-writing psychic. Offlce 1112 Eddy st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium; 3568 17th
st.: readings 1 to 5: tel. Capp 856.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COM PRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by co.-npressed
•air at shop; prices moderate. 8. l r . Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market st.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAT'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 215.
TED. Sutter 1981—STAR RENOVATING CO..
530 G. G. aye.; carpet clean., fit, lay.; reas.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.—Flrst-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 390. GEO. WALCOM St CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C W. ADAMS CO., 818 Mason St.—CTothhig
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have It charged.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery St.. rooms 0-10. Tel. Main 5580.
. DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone —Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns $3 50; fillings 50c;
platen. $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting, 50c-_gas given.
FILLINGS, 25c and 50c; crowns, $2. NEW
TORK DENTISTS, 069 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; op.Sun. "Dr. A.C.Hewitt,lol % Grant aye.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-derrtlst.r.H.lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor.O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor.Bush —
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
■ I 1
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A —THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col
leges, is now In Its twelfth year; the work
Is better than *ver before; departments In
English literature, languages, mathematics,
history, sciences, etc.. cannot be surpassed
in excellence of instruction; two of the best
teachers In California are In charge of Eng
lish and of mathematics. Come and we will
prepare you well. Refs. President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Day and even
ing sessions. Phelan bldg.
AT 2 p. m.. Mondays, Wednesdays and Thurs
days classes in short-story writing and
Journalism are taught at r. 333. Phelan bldg.;
terms very moderate; Join these classes; In
struction thorough: real and rapid progress.
E. R. AYRBS. founder of Ayres Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured: day. eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Genson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatlo
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A StJcCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING—CiviI, elec.. mln., mech.. sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
ncr Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. Math., etc.. day and
eve.; Individual lnstr. 306 Larkin st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pae. Bus. Col.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st"
Established 1863; largest In the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
IRVING Institute School for Girls. 2126 Cali
fornia St.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 3. 1905.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A*-METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.TeOl Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres. j
KENT Law School, day and night; book free; I
fourteenth year. 536 Parrott building.
DESIGN strength, materials, graphic statics '
machines, structures; evgs.; mall. 20 Hartford. I
Arlth..gram .bookkpg.shorthand.ss m.; day,eve j
Indlv. instruc. Western Bus. Col., 1281Mkt.n.9th
MME. PRILL'S Piano School. London Con. |
2105 Golden Gate aye.; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING —Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert, 217 Parrott building. J
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and •
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.—Night class.
SPANlSH.French,etc.Prof.De Flllppe'sAcademy
of languages. 1018 Post: est 1871 :ablest profs.
EICFLOTME-fT OFFICES.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.: tel. Main 5752.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM
YOSHY, 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Offlce—Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT OFFlCES—Continued.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment G(
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
| EHPLOYKXFI WANTED—FEMALE.
NURSE wishes few cases of hourly nursing;
i all kinds of treatments given; doctor's orders
I c arried out; convenient for invalids not wish
ing to keep nurse in house. Box 4750, Call.
> 1 ,
SWEDISH woman wants flrst-class laundry*
work three last days in week; also assist
with dinner parties in evening. 1627 Vallejo
St.; references; or will do cleaning.
A MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman wishes sit
uation as a good cook In an American fam
ily; fond of children; moderate wages. 1318
Hampshire St., near Twenty-fifth.
WELL educated, clever and reliable business
woman wants situation to run rooming
house; party has flrst-class references. Box
4772, Call office.
CAPABLE German woman wants position as
working housekeeper; has girl 9 years old;
city or country. Address Mrs. J. H , 1611
Market at.
SITUATION wanted by woman to do house
work in small family; plain cooking; wages,
$18 to $20. Apply 214 Fifth st.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation aa
houseworker; Is good laundress; city or coun
try. Box 4766, Call.
SITUATION wanted by elderly woman to as
sist In housework; wages, $5. Call at 864
Mission st.
YOUNG woman wants to do housework by
the day and sleep home at night. Call or
• address 1369 Vallejo at.
YOUNG girl wishes position for general house
work; wages $20; good references. Apply
268 Minna st.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes position
as housekeeper, with little girl 4 years old.
Address 1346 Utah st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place for general
housework. Call at 316% Rltch st., bet.
Brannar, and Towns-end.
GOOD laundress wants, day work In families;
no cleaning; good ironer. Address Laun
dress, 145 Twelfth st
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
day. 2 Juniper St., near Folsom, bet. Tenth
and Eleventh.
ELDERLY woman wishes a housekeeper's
place; good cook. 136 Fifth St., bet. How
ard and Mission.
THREE Finnish girls wish situations to do
light housework. 175 Clara st.
A YOUNG colored woman wishes light house
work or cooking. Call at 2332 Gremwlch st.
A RESPECTABLE young woman would like
another engagement as nurse for ladles in
confinement; willing to do light housework;
reference given.- C. A., box 4766, Call offlce.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general house
work or cooking: good cook. Call at 711
Polk st., near Ellis.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a position In pri
vate family; has the best city references.
1810 Fillmore st.
STENOGRAPHER —12 years' experience with
best New York houses; 7 years with last firm;
quick, neat, accurate; salary. $12 60 to $15
per week; references furn. Box 4211, Call.
A REFINED German-speaking French woman
wishes engagements as governess, nursery
governess, nurse or companion to lady or
children. M. CARIN. 132 Montgomery st.
BRIGHT, energetic, well educated young lady
with business experience, quick at figures,
writes good hand, desires position. Box
4993. Call offlce.
NEAT young woman wishes situation aa lady'a
maid; understands halrdresslng, manicuring;
can sew; $30; references. 1372 Tenth at.,
Oakland.
WANTED —Position as pantry girl and dlah
washer in hotel or boarding house by two
friends. Address L B. M.. box 364, Uklah.
LADY and daughter want chamber work In ho
tel, or take entire charge of rooming-house.
691 Geary st.
WANTED —By a middle-aged New England
woman, situation to do cooking and kitchen
work. S. H.. 376 O'Farrell st., basement.
STENOGRAPHER, experienced, competent, re
liable; good work; best references. Box 4818,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED German woman wishes work
by the day. washing, ironing and cleaning,
$1 50 a day. Address box 4827, Call office.
WANTED —Situation as chambermaid or aa
housekeeper. Call at room 28. The Bruns
wick.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes washing or
cleaning by the day. Addreaa by letter, M.
X., 1169 Mission st.
STENOGRAPHER —A thoroughly competent
young lady wishes position immediately. Box
4122, Call offlce.
ALL kinds of family sewing, also dressmaking,
by day or at home. 408 Clement st., Rich
mond District
A POSITION as tailoreaa. Box 4972, Call of
fice.
2 COMPETENT colored women want chamber
work in same house. Box 4890, Call offlce.
COMPETENT stenographer and offlce assistant
desires position. Box 4658. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by young girl; 8 years'
. reference; general housework. Box 488 L Call.
STENOGRAPHER desires position; experi
enced: references. Box 4661, Call offlce.
YOUNG lady atenographer desires a position.
Phone Capp 6168.
YOUNG lady desires writing to do at home.
Box 4518. Call offlce.
FINE sewing done at 507 Franklin at.
WOMAN wanta work by the day. 2050 Bryant
avenue.
Al WAITRESS wants restaurant position. Box
4990. Call offlce.
JAPANESE girl wishes to do housework and
nursing. A. N., 11 St. Mary st.
HEALTHY woman, with 6 months old baby,
w-lshes place as wet nurse. Box 4443, Call.
i
An elderly lady would like a few hours light
work each day. Box 4424, Call offlce.
A COLORED girl as nurse for children and do
sewing. 351 C Minna st.
LADY takes washing home; open-air drying.
Phone Page 7931.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents—The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
PRIVATE parties or investment companies
building homes or flats can secure the ser
vices of a flrst-class architect and foreman
carpenter; one who can construct your build
ings quickly and properly; can design your
plsns, take charge of your building and ad
vise you In purchasing your necessary mate
rials to economy; wishes to build either by
contract labor, salary or percentage. Apply
box 4432. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bricklayer will do any kind of
brick work by the day or by the week; give
good satisfaction: prices reasonable. 147
Fifth st.; tel. Howard 3187.
PY male nurse and masseur, with flrst-class •
training and experience; Invalid or mental 1
patient: private or institution anywhere; |
references. Box 4751, Call offlce.
MACHINIST wants work in small shop doing j
automobile and general repairing work, weth I
privilege of buying interest. Box 1611, Call
offlce. Oakland.
PORTER. 25, stranger In city, seeks any em
ployment at once; willing worker and handy
around any . place; try me. Address box
4725. Call.
AN elderly man wants work In bar, grocery or
cigar stand; speaks English and German.
Box 4759, Call.
A RELIABAE man wishes a poslti. i around
a gentleman's place; care of hordes and gar
den. 258% Tehama st. •
A POSITION as Janitor or watchman by mid
dle-aged German man; best ref ?n>nee«-. B< x
4147. Call office.
WANTED—Position by traveling liquor sales
man with good trade in Oregon and Wash
ington. 315 Eddy st.
BLACKBMITM or helper wants wo-k In city;
carriage shop preferred. D. \V. PEERY,
1130% Howard st.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes
a situation In grocery store and barry- ny
good references. W. BOHLING, 417 Kearny.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —Male—Con.
■WANTED —By young man, position of any
kind; must have work; well acquainted with
city and used to handling horses. 4731. Call.
YOUNG man. 24 years old, would like position
as bill or entry clerk; two years' experience.
872 Mission st.
WANTED —By a middle-aged German-Ameri
can a position for a few hours a day; thor
oughly acquainted with grocery, cigar and
liquor business. Answer box 4957, Call.
BUTLER —Thoroughly competent Japanese boy
wishes position in city or country Immedi
ately: have good references. R. G., 407
. Post st. \
BAKERS!—First-class, all around bread and
cake baker and confectioner, wants situa
tion: country preferred. HUNTER. 508
Ninth st.
WANTED—Position as pressman; flrst-class
references; steady and reliable. Box 4995.
Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted to take care of a private
place by a reliable man; understands horses.
Address K. E., 258% Tehama st.
RAPID single key-board typewriter operator
deslrea steady position: resides with parents;
highest references. Box 4565. Call.
BOATKEEPER position wanted by a aallor
on private yacht. Address MR. MILLE,
603 Folsom at., corner First
A YOUNG Filipino. recommend speaking
English, wants place as house servant. Ad
dress 2117 Ninth St.. West Berkeley, Cal.
COACHMAN —Position wanted by competent,
reliable young Englishman; understands gar
dening; can milk. etc. Box 4460. Call offlce.
A MALE nurse with four years' experience in
traveling desires care of a gentleman. T. R..
461 Devlsadero.
WANTED —By a young man. a situation as
porter in store; not afraid to work. Ad
dress C. A., 741 Tehama St.
WANTED—A Job as baker's helper; good ref
ence. Box* 4913, Call offlce.
BARBER wants short-hour Job. Addreaa box
4871. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man, formerly marine fireman and
oiler. Al references, wishes position as fire
man or oiler, coal or oil, or engineer of
small plant; understands pumps, dynamos,
steam engines and steamflttlng. Box 4201.
Call offlce.
MARRIED man, no children, wishes charge of
fruit, dairy or poultry ranch; capable
and experienced; can arrange, do building
and manage to success; references. Box
4885, Call offlce.
WANTED—By man and wife, competent to
take charge of hotel, restaurant, rooming or
apartment house, or other place where they
can work together; no objection to country;
Al cooks; best of references. Box 4335. Call.
GARDENER, flrst-class (single), of long ex
perience in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and green-house work, wlahea a altu.
atlon on private place; references. E. 8., box
4830* Call offlce.
CARPENTER—EIderIy first-class carpenter
wants work; city or country; best references.
Box 4485, Call.
DRAUGHTSMAN (experienced architectural)
wishes poeitlon In architect's or builder's of
flce. Address ROS., 1118% Folsom St., city.
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter and lunch counter
man wants situation. S. X., 630 Howard st.
GERMAN boy. 18 years old, wants to learn
confectionery' trade. Box 4870, Call offlce.
WANTED—A position as a traveling shoe
salesman; experienced. Box 4869, Call.
EXPERIENCED picture frame salesman
wishes position. Box 4868. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED cigar drummer wants posi
tion. Box 4930, Call offlce.
WANTED—A position as collector. Addreaa
Fidelity, box 4929. Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like position In wholesale
house. Box 4927, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED draughtsman (naval architect)
wishes position. Box 4559, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man wants position as collector or
checker: age 21. Box 4960. Call.
A HANDY young man wishes to get night
work of any kind. Box 4854, Call office.
AN experienced wholesale salesman wants po
sition: married. Box 4737, Call.
COLLECTOR wants situation; first-class refer
ences. Address box 4767, Call offlce.
BOY, 16 years, to be apprentice; some good
tsade; electrician preferred. Box 4445, Call.
YOUNG man experienced in paper warehouse
wanta situation. Box 4788, Call offlce.
Al SECOND cook wishes poeitlon In city or
country. Box 4947, Call offlce.
BLACKSMITH, experienced, wishes steady po
sition. Address ARMASESEN. 1118% Folsom.
IN town or city, Japanese boy wanta a posi
tion as houseworker in small family. Please
apply by letter, Y. TSUJI, Japanese Mission,
121 Halght at.
A JAPANESE boy wanta a position as school
boy or house worker. A. HATASHJ, 7«4
Post at.: tel. Sutter 781.
A—l WISH work In city; very good home; f
can cook well; nice recommendation; very
honest boy; wages $25 a montl. IT A (Jap
anese), 408 Kearny at.
A JAPANESE boy wanta a petition to «o
housework; $4 a week. GEORGE. 969 Geary
at; phone Hyde 2084.
A GOOD atrong Japansae boy wan_a to work
house-cleaning, dishwashing, etc.; speaks
English. Tel. Polk 4085.
JAPANESE college student wanta home aa
schoolboy; good cook; references. Addreaa
MOWRI, 184S Webster at., or phone Jackson
8641.
RELIABLE young Japanese couple want posi
tions in private family; wife as cook; man
to do general work. 521 Jesse at., Tamura
Hotel.
JAPANESE college student wants borne as
schoolboy; good cook: references. Addreaa
MOWRI, 1848 Webster St., or phone Jack
son 8641.
A JAPANESE boy wants position aa a school
boy in small family; speaks well; understands
cooking. WADA, 518 Hayea at
A YOUNG Japanese boy wanta to do housework
In small family; answer by letter. M. MORI,
care of Japanese Y. M. C. A.. 121 Halght at
JAPANESE wants good situation, best eooklag;
i expaftbest recommendations: in family; wages
$B.s9Tslo wk. K. F„ 1 off Taylor.
PRIVATE poeitlon wanted by nandy Japanese,
to wcrk in stable or milk cow. Addreaa O.
A. N.. 319 Grant are.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position aa general
housework or schoolboy. Milton. 2498 Bush st
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wlahea poeitlon
In hotel or boarding-house, city or country.
Address Cook. 625 Dupont at.
CHINESE boy wants Job aa cook In family
home. Box 4878, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position In
private place. FUNG. 1110 Stockton at
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $_1 per year.
ECEEMA COBB. '
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber itch that I oan't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
EXCHANGE.
BANK stock for Realty Syndicate certificates,
Continental Building and Loan Association
stock or San Francisco gas stock. Apply
A. W. PERRY. 411 Mills building.
FURNITURE FQB SALE,
Beautiful 3-r. aptmt. furn.; going Europe; Jef
ferson Sq. 848 Gough St.: tel. Grant 24.
BEPKOOM furniture for sale; nearly new; no
dea 'pis. 1423 California St.
FURNITURE WANTED.
"WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINEBS"—wT pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, offlre
fptlngs. merchandise and houses. MARK J
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market st., be
tween 9th anil 10th. Phone South 179.
ABE LEVY,
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell4«/oui furniture, carpets, office fur
niture, ete.T until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent mere for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L H
BURP, auc. 1036 Market ; phone Jessie 2330.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
nftuie> carpets, etc. 7N2 Mission; tel. Bush SI;;
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mi salon at. be
fore selling your furniture. Phone Had 440_.PROVINCE! Or A NEWSPAPER LIKE THE CALL o»o
- FLATS TO LET.
A —HOUSES and r_'_ l j u-t; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; lake . advantage 'pt
this department; It will save you time and
(rotable. Cotdea Furniture Co., 245-59 Geary
st., on the square.
COTTAGES, h;;ueca and flats to let: every de
s-rablo vacrnt piece In Tan Frar.cir.co on
cur lists: service absofvtely tree; let us Arid
• you a phico; come in snd let us know what
r;nt you want to pay and the locality; '"we
d<> the rest." Sterling Fum'ltere Company,
WS Market st.. opp. McAllister.
NINETEENTH, 3HS'>. block from Eighteenth
or Catlro cars—Lovely sunny lower flat. 5
roonuj with extra ;oorti on norch: key lot;
$23 50; water free; must be seen, etc.
NEW, swell Funny flats. 6 rms ; every possible
lntest convenience; close to the main en trance
to -;irk; 5 car lines: one runs all night. Ap
p.y 7th aye., nr. Fulton st.; open 12 to 4.
MI.-KION. .:..(TV., near 26th-9 rooms and
oath, rent 525 rcefcih. Apply Mo KAY &
CO.. 2055 Mission st.
NOE. 505, northeast corner Nineteenth—Lovely,
mi Jim, upper 5-iXK.m lljc; large porch
and storeroom; $22 60; water free.
CORNER fiat of 5 sunny, rooms and bath, on
the corner of Twenty-fourth and Douglass
sts.; rents $20. Apply on premises.
NEW, elegant flats; latest Improvements- Just
finished; park panhandle. STRAUB, 630
Market at.
LATELY remodeled cottage and large barn.
Inquire 429 Grove st.
LOWER flat of 7 rooms; rent $27 60. 1588
Fulton st.
POLK. 2500. cor. Filbert—Fine sunny corner
flat. 7 rooms and bath; marine view; $36.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath. 3436 Twen
tieth,, between Howard and Capp.
MISSION st. 2721—Upper sunny flat 6 rooms;
modern, yard and basement.
MODERN sunny -Bat. 7 rooms, 2 attic rooms,
basement 1428 Green st., near Van Ness aye.
PAGE, 1735-37—Handsome upper and middle
flat; 6 sunny rooms A bath each; rent $32 50
LARGEST Hat of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAG. Montgomery st
SHIPLEY, 287, near Sixth—Desirable flat; 5
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
•8 SUNNY rooms, with bath; $18. Call 2210
Fillmore st.
TURK; 520%— Sunny flat; 5 rooms, bath; base
ment, yard; adults only.
.7 ROOMS, new, with carpets. 1012 Pine et.
FLATS FOR SALE—FURNISHED.
SUNNY 4-room~furnished flat and bath; birds
eye maple set; none but neat, steady couple
wanted; rent $35; references. 1660 Jones st,
near Broadway.
FOR sale—A newly furnished flat of 7 rooms;
. reasonable. Inquire at 1433 Sacramento
. St., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
NL"W. 10-room flat. Just furnished, full room
• ers; cash or time; no agents. 582 Geary st
FINANCIAL.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4 600.000 00
•Surplus 940,901 86
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificate*;
At par.
. . Offlce—No. 14, Sansome st,
San Francisco, Cal.
~ " INVESTMENTS.
.$•7,500 buys one-half the common stock of a
business established eleven years, but recently
incorporated, no stock of which has yet been
sold or been offered for sale; last year the
business paid the owner $1800 salary for man
agement and earned 16 per cent on a capitaliz
ation ol $15,000; full Investigation solicited.
•Box 4754, Call.
WILL give 50c for Installment Realty Syndi
cate-certificates on which $100 or more has
been patd and'OOc for paid up certificates.
W. E. BARNARD, 476 Tenth St., Oakland.
3 PER rent a week guaranteed; a modern in
vestment without risk. 289 Post St., rm. 203.
Fl.' BT- i 'l_A.Sd cook, German style $40
. 2 cooks $30 and $88
Second girl, for Fruitvale $25
Housework. Ross $30
Mother and daughter, or 2 friends, house
work 540
3 German nurse girls $26 and $H5
Jani tress $30
: French maid and seamstress $25
General housework, city $35
3 nurse giris $20 and $.5
ButUr $40
3 waitresses for city hotels $25
' 3 second girls $20 and $25
Housework, Berkeley $30
Colored girl, housework $20
And a large number of housework girls, city
and country, $25, $30. Apply J. F. CROS
. ETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
INDEPENDENT EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
.612 Merchant st Phone James 5376
Careful employers of reliable help.
Nurse for child and assist in housework.
2 waitresses, 1 chambermaid, for city.
GIRLS to learn halrdreealng. manicuring, etc;
trade taught from A to Z In 2 wks.; tuition
$5 to those entering now; 8 positions to fill
Immediately; position* guar, at $10 per week
up; only recognized college of its kind on
coast; day and eve. class. 238 Geary, r. 18.
WANTED —Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish In one month for $15; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
A—PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng.
- manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantee* positions; only
recognised college of It* kind on coast; day
and evening classes: all parlor work at re
dhead prices. 133 Powell at.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVSR
' ALLS, JUMPERS AND COATS; NO HX
. PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORN;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO., 32%
FREMONT ST. MR. DA VTA
IN OAKLAND, COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS.
. SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
"OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
OPERATORS ON SHI'-tTS, OVERALLS AND
ENGINEER JACKETS. STANDARD FAC
TORY, COR. GOUGH AND GROVE 9TS.
A- Experienced oDCralors on ladles' waists
and suits; paid by the week; good wages.
C 56 Mission St.. third floor.
A —Tuckers wanted; good wages. 656 Mission '
St., third floor.
YOUNG lady piano player wanted at once for
theatrical company: one who can play a
srrinll part preferred. Call Immediately,
MRS SIMMS. 135 Fell st
GIRL to do light housework and mind children;
fnlr weges. Call 337 Elm aye, bef-feen
Franklin and Gough sts.
GIKL wanted, chamber work, Berkeley; two
flrt-t-class waitresses, city, $25. MRS.
LEWIS. 507 Powell st
GIRL for general housework In small family;
wages $15. Call 1817 Prince st, LSrln,
. South Berkeley. .
. * 1 —i
YOUNG girl for housework; $35. Apply t» L.
TRAUB, 20 Spear st.
*A GIRL for cooking and downstairs work. 1018
Sutter at.
RAPID buttonhole-maker wanted on coats.
Apply to S. N. WOOD. 40 Geary st.
TALENTED amateur performers Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED —Ladles to learn halrdresslng, man
icuring, facial massage and scalp treatments;
4 weeks completes; expert Instructors; call
or write. Moler System Co., 649 Sacramento.
YOUNG womp.n for general housework; must
bo good, plain cr.ok: sleep home. A;. ply Mon
dny. between 10 end 12, at 105 Hayes st.
A PRACTICAL millinery school; established
16 years; day and evening class; terms easy.
816 O'Farrell at.
WOMAN of good appearance to manage out of
town business. Address box 4467, Call office.
HELP WANTED—FEMALE—Con-
V, 'A.VfFD—Graduate law..' licctor, unhns'.pered
fey. antiquated professional ethics and suffer
ing from lack of practice. li u x 1580, Call.
ALL halrdressirig, manicuring, face massage
and scalp treatments are free at the Moler
System College, 640 Sacramento: hours 1-4.
WOMAN familiar with traveling; permanent
position. 8.-x 4500. Call office.
HELP WANTED—Mft.LE.
A—MURRAY & READY. 634-430 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
IUUHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We gave in 1004 1005 we hope to
64,000 men work Increase 64,000.
SPECIALS.
OPEN 7 A. M.
Steam shovel foreman, see boss here, $100
and found..
Cement ftnlEher. good, long job, $3 50 day.
Harness-maker tor camp, country, $75.
Man to run cardini; machine, c:ty factory,
$2 25 day.
Tile setter, city Job, on mantels, $4 day.
FARMS.
DAIRIES. ORCHARDS. VINEYARDS.
Teamsters, furmers. milkers.
HOTELS.
Cashier for restaurant, $35 and found.
Grocery clerk and tend bar, $30 and found.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, gardeners, por
ters, bellboys, elevator boys, yardman, etc.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, country, $40 to $50 and found;
cook and wife, $S0 and found; 2 waiters.
Southern California, good hotel, $25 and
found.
BOOKKEEPERS.
Bookkeeper for country store and postoffica,
south, married man preferred, must give
bonds, $60.
Bookkeeper and general office man, mine
company, must have experience around
mines, $90.
Bookkeeper, country merchandise store. $75.
BUTCHER.
Butcher, all-round man, Nevada, see boss
here at 11 a. m. to-day, $40 and found.
Working foreman, ranch, south, $30 found.
Track foreman, new R. R., steady. $00-$7 O.
Nurse, city hospital, $35 and found.
Bakery wagon driver, city. $10 week.
Farmer and wife, chicken ranch, good prep
osition.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
AT HORD A SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st
Plumber, city, contract.
Plasterer, city, contract
Solicitor, tea and coffee, 60 per cent com
mission.
Man tor dye works, experienced, $20.
Teamsters, bay shore, $2.
A MALE nurse for an institution; references.
Call at MISS PLUNKETTS, 425 Sutter st.
A COACHMAN, $35, board and room; must
be willing to do other work; see party here;
references. MISS PLUNKETT, 42C Sutter
st., near Powell.
ANDRE'S offlce, 317 Stockton St.—Butlers
with good references. $40 to $50: butcher,
young man, for hotel, $40; porter, family
hotel, experienced man, for green house
work, $25 and found, etc.
NURSE, $35 and found; 2 butlers, $40; ranch
teamster, $35 and found; ehoreman, $15 and
found; 2 machine miners, $3 day; and others.
J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento st
INDEPENDENT EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
612 Merchant st. Phone James 5576.
Miners, single hand workers, for Nevada.
1 mill man. for country.
WANTED—A flrst-class map draughtsman and
letterer; one who is also a land surveyor pre
ferred. Address, with sample of work, box
534, Salinas. Cal.
WANTED—A gentleman to teach simple arith
metic one hour in evenings and receive in ex
change Instruction in bookkeeping, short
hand, etc. Box 4749 Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS bookkeeper and stenographer
(Remington) wanted; apply handwriting
only; references; state salary desired. Box
4757, Call office.
PARTY with $350 in light business; good
profit; light service required; A No. 1 busi
ness. Inquire 283 Fourth St., barber shop.
"WANTED —One or two men to learn a trade:
must have $10 security; no Sunday work.
Call 212 First st.
WANTED —Proofreader with knowledge of
general offlce work: state wages; references.
Box 4758, Call office.
BUPHELMAN for country. Apply RFTPS
BROS. & CO.. 24'Sutter st.
SOLICITOR wanted. Call 2213 Mission st.
after 10 a. m.
WANTED —A flrst-class barber at 434%
Sixth
WANTED —Strong young man Monday morn
ing. 1163 Harrison st.
SWELL 2-chair shop for sale; doing nice busl
nuees; owner retiring. 2584 Market st.
2-CHAIR barber shop cheap; going in other
business. 1350 Howard st.
BARBER shop sold at a bargain if sold before
the Ist. 729 Mission st.
WANTED—A bakery wagon driver; German.
516 Hayes st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 756
Howard st.
PORTER wanted to make himself useful be
hind the bar. 29 Stockton st.
ATTENTION!
We have opened a flrst-class barber college
In connection with our Los Angeles college:
8 weeks compl' tes the trade under our ex
pert instructors; wages paid while learning;
positions guaranteed; next ten students at
half our regular price; call or write. Ad
dress GILLMAN'S COLLEGE, 627 Clay st.
WANTED —Secretary and treasurer for a
noted star playing best theaters only; must
be a man of refinement and furnish $2000
each security (no bond accepted) and very
best references; security given; good salary
to right man. Box 4789, Call office.
WANTED —Men to learn the barber trade at
the original JNO. A. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 644 Clay st.; 8 weeks completes;
positions guaranteed; expert Instruction;
wages while learning. Call or write (correct
number) 644 Clay st.
WANTED —250 men to know that "The Best"
still leads and Is the cleanest and most com
fortable lodging house In the city; rooms, 100
to 26c. 607 California st, near Kearny.
WANTED —A minister without a charge to do
special work in Northeastern California;
transportation and $75 per month. Box 4850,
Call office.
WANTED —Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED —Men to learn the barber trade; 8
weeks completes; positions guaranteed: ex
pert instructions; wages while learning.
Call or write Moler Sys. Cel.. 649 Sacramento.
WANTED—Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973*
76 Easton aye.. St. Louis, Ma
WANTED —Men to prepare for railway mall.
Internal revenue and custom-house positions:
free catalogue. • Paclffc Correspondence Insti
tute, Grant bldg., 1096 Market: open evngs.
4 OR 6 chair barber shops for sale; choice loca
tion; Market or Sixth St.; must be sold.
See COLEMAN. 7CB Market st.
WANTED—Three men to learn barber trade;
absolutely free and will pay you while learn
ing. 751 Mission st.
WANTED—Young man; light, profitable work;
some cash; experience unnecessary. Box
4872. Call offlce.
BARBER shop wanted; will exchange Edison's
Home phonograph with aver 100 Edison rec
ords port payment. Add. G. A. C, 1456 Ellis.
TRY our men s shoes, union made; $1 and $1 60
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
WANTED—Men to All 850 rooms kt 20c per
night; clothes closets hair mattresses, elec
trlc light in every room. 881 Howard, nr. 3d.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 28c
to 60c. 571 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts..
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.
WANTED, barber shop, will exchange Edi
son Home phonograph with over 100 Edison
Address_G. A. C. 1456 Ellis st
AN elderiy export physician" on diseases "of
men. DR. KING 23 Third st
TO be an expert barber go to Glllett's School;
cheapest and quickest. 611 Commercial st.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law A Adjustment Co., 49 Second st. r 522.
WANTED—Young man to work for his tuition
in S F. Barber School. 741 Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
»hlps. lIALLBEBT, 517 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market st, room 104.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar
ket—7oo rooms; 35c night; reading rojms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1905.
HELP WANTED—MALE—Continued.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU,
801-309 Starr King bldg., «d floor. 121 Geary.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured for:
Office men. Assistant bookkeepers.
Bookkeepers. Hotel clerks.
Stenographers. Railroad clerks.
Offlce managers. Timekeepers.
Correspondent clerks. v Collectors.
Accountants. Bill clerks.
Buyers. Shipping clerks.
Traveling salesmen. Law office clerks.
Manager for dept. stores. Entry clerks.
Cashleis. Cigar clerks.
Credit men. Dry goods clerks.
Secretaries. Receiving clerks.
General office work in all lines of business.
Offices and representatives In other cities.
Apply American Commercial Bureau,
801-302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor, 121 Geary st.
WE NEED GOOD MEN
To fill the orders received dally; many of
the best firms come to us for men; we can
show that we place our subscribers in good
positions; our publication reaches employers
weekly; whether employed or not. we can
help yov:; Investigate us.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY,
415 Starr King bldg.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 m1n.,T50.
PENSION atty!. E. A. Bullls. r. 40, Phelan
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisement and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's ■hoes, slightly damaged, half
price 571 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
EOBSEB AND WAGONS.
CAMP, express, grocery and peddling wagons;
surreys, 3 and 4 seats; all kinds of business
and rubber tire buggies; 100 sets single and
double harness; 12 fine ponies; 1 fast pacer,
going at half price; horses from $10 up;
auction every Tuesday, 11 a. m., at 1140
Folsom st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
$200 —BAY horse. 15:8 hands high; will road 10
miles an hour without stroke of the whip;
reason for selling is, I am disposing of
everything and have no use for horse or car
riage. Can be seen at Waterbury's stable,
Berkeley station.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready: mailed free upon application
t< DR. E. J. CREELY,Pres..SIO Golden Gate.
BAY horse for sale; good trotter; 6 years old.
Address box 4603. Call office.
A GOOD work horse for sale, cheap. 1768
Waller st., near Stanyan, coal yard.
WANTED—A good horse, buggy and harness.
Box 4103, Call office.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses. E STEWART A CO.. 220 Valencia.
Fire sale—All vehicles at reduced prices during
alterations at O'Brien's, 500 Golden Gate aye.
GOING out of business, new and second-hand
wagons gold cheap. 1680 Mission St.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m 327 Sixth St.
HOUSES FURNISHED—FOR SALE.
I
8 ROOMS nicely furnished; price $300; rent
$23 50; leaving city. Box 4761, Call.
JESSIE, 478 (near Sixth) —A furnished house
of 12 rooms for sale reasonable.
NEWLY furnished corner sunny house, seven
roams and bat*t. 104 Pierce st.. nr. Halght.
A—PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
NORTHWEST. corner Pierce and Pine sts.—
House of 10 rooms and 2 baths, electrlo
lights,' beam ceiling dining-room, cement
basement, etc.; thoroughly modern. Apply to
owner, GEO. H. KAHN. 201 Kearny st,
COTTAGES WANTED.
COTTAGE—S or 6 rooms, north of Market st.;
terms. $300 down, balance same as rent; no
agents. Box 4773. Call offlce.
INVESTMENTS.
WANTED—A man with $20,000 to take an In
terest in 8 mines located in Nevada; money
to be used for developing purposes and neces
sary mills; over 100,000 tons of ore now In
sight that will run from $435 to $35 per ton;
samples of ore can be seen at room 3, 26
Montgomery st. R. E. CALLAHAN.
REALTY Syndicate certificates ridiculously
cheap. 130 Ninth st.
INSTALLMENT 3UTLDING.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 012 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
lost AMD foubp.
LOST —Gold watch, on Cazadero and San
Francisco train, marked "W. F. Schneider."
Return to Shreve & Barber Co., 789 Market
st., and receive liberal reward.
, __
LOST—On Union st., January 22, pocket-book
containing $15 and valuable receipts. Re
ward of $5 if returned to 2829 Baker st.
LOST —English setter dog; white, black ear
and shoulder; no collar; answers to name of
Dick. Return to 890 Guerrero st.; reward.
LOST—In California Theater. Saturday even
ing, January 21, lady's black fur. Reward If
returned to 1750 Folsom st.
$30 REWARD for return of lady's gold watch;
valued as keepsake; Initials "I. E. F." on
case; full engraved chrysanthemum pattern;
case 187070; adjusted 10796. 1260 Masonic
avenue.
LOST —Fox terrier; Alameda license tag; an
swers to name of "Mac"; solid white body;
black and tan marks on head; $10 reward for
return to 1737 Alameda aye., Alameda.
LOST—a pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of Joseph Hughes, No. 188-120. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST—Diamond solitaire ring; liberal reward.
W. R.. box 4682. Call offlce.
FOUND —A Laverach setter. Address J. WIL
SON. Bausalito.
LOST—English setter dog; license No, 4538.
3660 Twenty-second St.; reward.
LOST —Roll of engravings downtown. Reward)
ht 610 Montgomery St.. room 24. /
1
LAOHCBEB FOB TJORE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can And
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has put
him at the head. He guarantees relief or no
pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL—AII who are sick cr ;
in trouble consult this specialist en female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu- '
nate helped; the moat difficult cases treated; |
every case taken; immediate relief; no poi- i
soning drugs; low fees- my methods will cure )
all cases of irregularity; by consulting ma
aava time and money. Advice free. Office, '
1018 Market st.
LADlES—Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet I
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE- i
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou
ble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 306 Kearny at.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and irregularities; instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st. opp. sth.
MRS. DR WYBTH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post at
VALPEAU S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists, Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland. .
ALL eases of female Irregularities relieved at 1
once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 30 years' I
auccessful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 850 <
Market st., opp. Fourth, room 87.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 611 A Leavenworth st. be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 007.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market at to 838 Mission, near 4th.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2996 Folsom st. corner
28th; ladies, relief or no tee; $10. '
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SAUL
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; soe Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-182 Beale st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will atop small leaks. Write
us about it Elaterlte Roofing Co.. 713 Market
JEWEL gas range and heater. In use three
months; cheap. 1247 California st
i BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry sold on credit
by paying one-fifth down, balance payable at
your own convenience. Pacific Jewelry Co.,
21 Stockton st.. second floor.
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
FOR sale, to be removed—A good 8-room
house, 1714 Pacific aye., near Franklin st
Apply at 1721 Vallejo at.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $160 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d at. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
PRINTING prese, Bxl2 Peerlcsa. with throw
! off and fountain, for eale cheap. Apply 519
1 Filbert st.
FOR sale—Good paying restaurant; good lo
cation; cheap. Call at once, 2045 Folsom at
FOR sale—Fresh Jersey cow. 619 Twenty
eighth st, near Diamond.
TALKING machine records; second-hand; good
condition. 307 Sansome st, room 8.
TWO fresh oows for sale) one Jersey. Apply
46 Chapultepeo st
FOR sale or exchange—Selection of mineral
specimens; what have you? 800 McAllister.
12-FOOT windmill and a 10,000 gallon tank
and 3 horsepower gas engine at 618 Jersey.
ENGINEER'S combined transit and level
cheap. A. B. CONE, 411 Market st
MILES of pipe and fittings, all sis**. EUGENE
RILEY A SONS, 109 Vallejo at.
SEVENTH, 304A —A nloe sewing machine for
sale.
SAFES and desks at nearly coat; must make
room. Richardson Bros., 123 New Montgmry.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1325 Market st*
A VERY line sealskin coat for sal* at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton st
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck, 131 Post st
SAFES—New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 4i3.
■
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA —Highest pricea for ladles', gents' cast
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
Highest prices paid for ladles' and gents' cast
off clothing. Tliton. 154 9th; tel. Jessie 3916.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladles' dress
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Red 77.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO., r. 405, Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny St.; phone Black 3036.
MONEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
~\ ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
i PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, ea.
tatec In probate, undivided interests In prop
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests In property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 6924.
AAA —HHUMAN MURPHY,
601-602 603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Say* expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter
ests, assignments of, rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate.
In city, twn or country.
Low rate of Intereat
Give full ..particular*
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office,
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get term*. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third st
A—ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount, O. W. BECKER, 30 Geary, room 86.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 44
principal cities. TOLMAN. 668 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE—Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0.,623 Parrott bid.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth at.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $26 up; quick,
private, confidential. 28 Montgomery, rm. 21.
ON notes, salaries, etc. United Loan A Trust
Co., 21 Stockton st.. second floor.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank Bid.
2 PER CENT per month on valuables. Port
land Jewelry Co., 26 Stockton st.
MONEY loaned on mining and oil stocka.t
WILLIAM HINKEL A CO , 326 Pine ot 1
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California St.. rooms 14 and 15..
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 811. Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds A Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
8% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TP.EMAIN, room 81. 8 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notea without
lndoreer. MORRFLL. 009 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEST Inducements; best selection of stock.
Over 10 years' experience renting pianos.
Square pianos and organs, $1 per month-
Good uprights, $2 and $2 50 per month.
One year rental allowed.
The beat Instrument in the city for $3 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 French upright $55
1 Stoddard, mahogany $115
Also one Chlckering, Weber, Vose, Sterling.
Steinway, Curias, Rudolph, FUcher, Haines
and others. Easy payments. BENJ. .CUR
TAZ A SON. 16 O'Farren at. • v
A FEW snaps left in second-hand pianos;
your terms our terms; rents $2 up allowed
If purchased; installments $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO., 285-237 Geary at. & F.; 1252
Broadway. Oakland.
AUCTION Jan. 24, 1905; annual storage sale,
27 high-grade new aecond-hand pianos, stor
age furniture, desks, safes, etc.; sale bona
fide. WHITEHEAD'S Storage, 1636 Market.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $80 upright; one good
square. $20. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprights,new A 2d-hand.s46 to $500.
Pierces Piano Factory, Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER, Byron Mausy pianos, Ceeellsn piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-812 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $6 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up: Chlckering baby grand:
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's. 255 O'Farrell.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS
TO order—renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1482-84 Howard at; phone South 216.
OFFICES AND STORES TO t,VT.
MAJESTIC building, 1281 Market at; modern
offices to rent: heat, light, water. Janitor and
elevator aervlce free; rent. $10 up.
WINDOW; suitable for cigarmarker or watch
maker; also basement; good location; rea
sonable. Inquire Call office.
RENTS reduced: offices to let; 259 Post. cor.
Stockton; all light rooms; janitor and ele
vator- services.
STORE with fixtures, 3 rooms and bath. Ap
ply 1025 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
PERSONALS.
A—MME. GILLINGHAM, dermatologist; rates
this week; ladies with one-half the face
treated can be aeen dally; will show perma
nency; home for patients; my personal cars
given; will teach; write or call for booklet
143 Stockton.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im
proves its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scslp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists',hairdressers'ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk
"REXRADIO'S" time being fully ENGAGED,
he cannot receive NEW patients for a "few*'
days.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or writs.
DR. G. 8. MOORE. 832 O'Farrell at.
FANCY and ailk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. 2122 Fillmore st.; phone Geary 2063.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tailor, 721 Market st
YOU can buy $76 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 840 Po*t at., near Powell.
MENDING BUREAU—I7I4% Polk at Cloth
lng neatly mended.
EASY Installments for Men and Youth*. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt
WRINKLES, freckles, moles, superfluous hair
removed; lateat meth. Mme. Marie, 1042 Elks.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs. Eaton, Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 3A
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt. under St Nicholas.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play book*, wtes;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 7SB Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restore* gray
hair to its natural color. 81 at all druggists'.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$175 —PARTNER in cor. fruit, vegetable and
poultry stort.; N. Market 1007% Market st
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
BLOOD POISON.
Serum-Toxin given hypodermicslly \m pain
less and quickly cures contracted blood poi
son; administered only by Antl-Toxln lab
oratories. Western offices, 850 Market st,
suite 27.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELIAOffIce and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar atention paid to diseases of women.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 9 Powell st
BLOOD, skin and rectal disease* a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st
REMOVED—DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st, now lo
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor—All dls
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st
REDEMPTION BONDS.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
IHREE AND ONE-HALF PER CENT
MORTGAGE BONDS—Notice is hereby given
that, pursuant to the provisions of article
nine of the mortgage from this company to
the United States Trust Company of New
" York, trustee, dated August 1. 1890, this
company has set apart out of the net Income
derived by it from the lines of railroad
therein mortgaged the sum of twenty-flve
thousand dollars In trust to be used to re
deem said bonds and that bonds Issued under
said mortgage will be redeemed therewith.
Bidß are hereby Invited for the surrender
ot such bonds, at prices to be named by the
bidders, to the amount of $26,669 07, In the
sinking fund. Such bids should be presented
to this company at its offlce, 120 Broadway,
in the city of New York, on or before the
14 th day of February. 1906, at 12 o'clock
noon, and should be indorsed "Bids for Sur
render of Central Pacific Railway Company
Three and One-half Per Cent Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY,
By E. H. HARRIMAN, President.
New York. January; 16. 1906.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice is hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of article eight of the mortgage
from this company to the Central Trust Com
pany of New York, trustee, dated August 1,
1699, this company has set apart out of the
net Income derived by It from the lines ot
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of twen
ty-flve thousand dollars In trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds Issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there
with. Bids are hereby invited for the sur
rendei of such bonds at prices to be named
by the bidders, to the amount of $26,670 80,
in the sinking fund. Such bids should be
presented to this company at its offlce, 120
Broadway, In the city of New York, on or
before the 14th day of February, 1905, at 12
o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed "Bids
lor Surrender of Central Pacific Railway
Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President
New York, January 16. 1905.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
(OF CALIFORNIA) —FIRST CONSOL
IDATED MORTGAGE FIVE PER CENT
GOLD BONDS OF 1898—Notice la hereby
given that the board of directors of this
company has determined to use to redeem
First Consolidated Mortgage Five Per Cent
Gold Bonds of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company (of California) 820,477 72 now in
the sinking fund for the redemption and pay
ment 1 of bonds of that issue, and that bonds
of such issue will be redeemed therewith.
Bids are hereby Invited for the surrender of
such bonds at prices to be named by the
bidders. Such bids should be deposited with
Andrew K. Van Deventer. assistant treas
urer of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, at his offlce, 120 Broadway, New York
City, at or before 12 o'clock noon, on the
14th day of February, 1906, and should be
Indorsed, "Bids for Surrender of Southern
Pac'flc Railroad Company (of California)
Five Per Cent Bonds."
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY,
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
New York. January 16 1906.
LEGAL NOTICES.
ESSEX County Orphans' Court. State of New
Jersey.—ln the matter of estate of John
Winter. —Order to show cause.—ELIZABETH
WESTERMAN. sister, one of the next of
kin of JOHN WINTER, late of Newark,
New Jersey, having filed her application in
writing with the Surrogate of Essex County,
New Jersey, alleging therein that said JOHN
WINTER, being a resident of the State of
New Jersey, has absented himself from said
State for seven years successively. That
his next of kin and heirs at law are the
said ELIZABETH WESTERMAN. a sister.
LENA GEISHEIMER, a sister, and SOPHIA
STORCK, a sister. And praying for an
order that cause be shown why letters of
administration of said JOHN WINTER'S
estate should not be granted to said ELIZ
ABETH WESTERMAN, and that letters of
administration of the goods and chattels,
credits and estate of said JOHN WINTER
be granted to said ELIZABETH WESTER
MAN. And it appearing that said LENA
GEISHEIMER and SOPHIA STORCK have
renounced all right and claim of ad
ministration of the goods and chattels and
credits of said JOHN WINTER and re
auested that administration be granted to
aald ELIZABETH WESTERMAN.
Now therefore, it is on this twenty-third
day of December, Nineteen Hundred and
Four ordered that cause be shown, by any
or all persons Interested herein, before tht
Surrogate of the County of Essex, at his
offlce in the Courthouse In the city of New
ark New Jersey, on the twenty-third day
of February. Nineteen Hundred and Five,
at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, or aa soon
thereafter aa the matter can be heard, why
letters of administration of the goods and
chattels credits and estate of aald JOHN
WINTER should not be granted to the said
ELIZABETH WESTERMAN. And it is
further ordered that said order to show
cause shall be published, within twenty day h
hereafter, in the Newark Evening News, a
newspaper printed and published at Newark,
in the State of New Jersey, and In the San
Francisco Call, a newspaper printed and pub
lished at San Francisco, in the State ot
California, for four weeks successively, at
least once In each week.
G. S. RUSSELL. Surrogate.
CHARLES T. GLEN. Proctor. 741 Broad
street. Newark. N. J.
RE ESTATE—CTTY—FOR SALE.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
25 Post st
City agents for Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company; publishers of the "Buyer and Seller,"
a real estate monthly pamphlet, containing ar
ticles of interest pertaining to real estate and
a fine list of properties for sale; free; send for
on*.
$6,000 —In the vicinity of 4th and Howard; 2
houses of 6 rooms and bath each and
rear house; rents per month, $50; mort
gage of $2500 can remain.
$50,000—Vicinity of Sutter and Taylor; hotel
of 44 rooms baths, toilets, etc.; rents
for $200 per month; lot 37:6x137 6.
$21,000—Dolores-st. corner. 180x114; frame im
provements consisting of 6 houses and
stable, renting for $117 per month; vi
cinity of the new park.
$10,600 —Hyde at., near transfer point at Cali
fornia; substantial 3-story building;
store on ground floor, renting for $30,
and two flats above of B and 6 rooms
and bath each, renting >ow at $20 and
$22 60 per month; total rent*. $72 60.
16,000—Monthly returns in rent are $66; this
la a flrst-class buy for Income; four
flat* in .the Mission warm belt; halt
block from 24th-at oars; fine condition;
always rented; large lot. 60x100..
$15,000—Centrally located, downtown Income
Sroperty; short distance from Pine and
>amy sts.; frame and brick buildings
renting for $130 per month; mortgage
of $7500 with bank can remain at 6 per
cent; lot 35x137:6.
$6,000 —Avery st, near Geary and Fillmore;
three flats of 3, 5 and 6 rooma and bath
each; rents $59 30.
$5,760 —Bush at; two fine flat* of S rooms and
bath each; renting for $50 par month;
In good condition; investigate this.
$s,7so—Minna at, near 6th; 4 flats Of 4 and 8
rooms and bath each; in first-class con
dition; rent for $50 per month; lot 26x80.
$9.000 —Devlsadero, near Page; 2 bright and
sunny flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath,
renting for $60 per month; lot 28x100;
convenient to the car lines.
$7,ooo—Paclflc-st corner; 2-story frame and
brick building of 2 stores and 2 flats of
8 rooms and bath; lot 38:6x77; rent per
month, $50.
$8,780 —Filbert at, near Taylor;'2 flata of 4
and 5 rooma and bath; basement could
be converted Into another flats, rept for
$40 60 par month.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PROPERTY.
Ready for building; only a few of these choice
marine view lots left; in block bounded
by Vallejo, Green. Broderlck and Baker
sts.; property on official grade; streets
and crossings sewered; low prices on
terms to suit
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
Flneat subdivision of home building lots of
fered to the public In years; Parnassus
Heights fronts Golden Gate Park on H
st. and extends from First to Seventh
aye. (the boulevard) and back to the
Affiliated Colleges; office corner H st.
and Seventh aye.; open every day, in
cluding Sundays; attendant with rig io
ahow you around.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, 28 Poat at
E. N. WILLBERG, Licensed Surveyor,
109 MONTGOMERY ST.
City Lota Accurately and Officially Surveyed.
CHARGES REASONABLE.
My field books, diagrams show, by actual
measurements, the exact points from which
your lot waa surveyed, which is imperatively
necessary, as the City Surveyor and other sur
veyors do not show that, and also because all
the original monuments were taken out when
the streets were formed In the early days of
the city, since which time the different City
Surveyors extending to the present time have
made innumerable errors In their street and
lot surveys, and to conceal such errors they
have moved the monument lines away from
their original correct positions without legal
authority from the people, causing blocks and
streets to measure incorrectly, creating excess
measurements in blocks of the most valuable
portion of the city, which they do not distribute
proportionately throughout the block, but often
give the entire excess of sometimes 12 Inches
or more to one person, thereby Interfering with
the deed distances of the people and the abso
lute security of boundary lines.
Consult me berore moving your valuable
buildings on such unfair surveys. Work guar*
an teed.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
SI 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level aa a billiard table; on grade;
close to fine school and Mlsslon-st electrlo
cars; bound to double In value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; f.ne lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots in this dis
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Monteomery st.. r 8. Phone Main 5704.
$10.500 —Including bltumlnlzing of at; terms to
suit: 3'swell sunny flats Just completed;
rents $1080 per annum: every known possible
latest Improvement; 16 minutes from City
Hall; Tth-ave. boulevard, nr. Fulton st.. close
to Park; 5 car lines, one runs all night. Ap
ply from 12 to 4, Seventh aye., near Fulton.
FOUR or five room modern cottages; wooden
mantels; latest plumbing; tiling, etc.; near
Folsom-st. electric cars; only $100 cash re
quired; balance to suit. THE DOLAN CO.,
home builders. 1607 Market St.. opposite
Franklin.
FOR sale cheap—B fine lota on Fountain st.
one block from the new schoolhouse on
24th st. Apply at CURTIN'B grocery, 24th
and Douglass.
NEW colonial houses, 2 flats, 8 rooms, reception
hall each; lot 34x116; rents $46 50; easy pay
ments; $5500. Third aye., bet. A and B sts.
$2500 —COTTAGE 4 rooms, bath and barn; lot
100x100; $250 cash, balance $15 mo. MIS
SION REALTY CO.. 3297 Mission st.
CHOICE lot In the Reis Tract. $200. Inquire
3306 Twenty-fourth at. near Mission.
FINE sanitary plumbing; latest system AHL-
* MAYT'R. 83ft Howard st.
BE AX ESTATE— qOENTaIY—For Hale.
INVEST YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN SUT
TER COUNTY.
$66 an acre buys choice orchard land within
three miles of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments and a
large winery; best market center for all kinds
of fruit: the Butte County Irrigation ditch
coming this way; surveys under way for
two electric line* to traverse this section
and an oveyland road (the Western Pacific)
passing through here all point to a large in
crease In land valuea; four dally passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now; no
other section offers a better opportunity for
profitable Investment: also have some good
dredge mining propositions.
Address M. J. NEWKOM. Real Estate
Dealer. 406 Second at., Marysville, Cal.
To Settle Order of Court Distribution.
GOLD BOND INVESTMENT.
25 PER CENT TO 30 PER CENT PROFIT.
110 acres San Joaquin delta land; under
lease; experts report this soil remarkably rich;
price very attractive.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB. 314 San Pablo aye..
OAKLAND, CAL.
A BURE PLACE FOR A HOME.
We have a few Improved and unimproved
farms, situated in Santa Crus and Monterey
counties, where there are no dry years; no
booms, no malaria; the best climate end water
In the State. Apply GAFFEY A MAHON, 11
Montgomery St., San Francisco.
ATTENTION? HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains in California, C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
64S Market st.
POINT RICHMOND HEAL ESTATE.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
Bargains, bargains, bargains, bargain*.
$060— Corner Richmond aye. and 2d; 65x110
$1000— Corner Bissell and First; SOxllt.
$760—Comer Chancellor and First; 60x112.
8650— Macdonald aye. near Third st
$250—First St., near Bissell.
$300 —First st, near Macdonald.
$050 —Two lota: big bargain; Chancellor st.
near First: 62x112. '
The above lots are in the
business center and are among the
best investments In Point Richmond.
$10 per month will buy some
of them. J. W. LAYMANCE.
632 Market at, room 10, S. F.
BAN MATEO SEAL ESTATE,
SAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT |p:AR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
to see us before buying. Investigate San Mateo
Park the ideal propety of them all. Lots of
about one acre each. Bound to be most valu
able; $600 up.
HAYWARD ADDITION.
Adjoining the town. Business and residence
lots. Street work complete. Covfered with ma
jestic oaks. Easy terms. See our local agent.
Frank S. Grumman. San Mateo office open
Sunday.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
LOMITA PARK. I.OMITA PARK
LOMITA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electric cars; 4ft
minutes from Fifth and Market sts.
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian water.
Lots $400 and up.
Outside the fog belt.
$10 to $50 down and $10 per month)
Go down and Investigate.
Maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODGERS A CO.,
Main 873. 116 California *V
Also at Lomlta Park.
MENLO PARK REAL ESTATE.
A—MENLO PARK-FAIR OAKS.
Large villa altea and tracts of from one to
five acres, beautifully wooded and ready for
building; convenient to atatlon and in best part
of Fair Oaks and Menlo Park; road work free
of expense to buyers; exceptionally easy terms;
finest climate In vicinity of city; unexcelled
educational facilities. For particulars write
SELBY, RODGERS A CO..
Main 673. 116 California st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-781 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 10 Drumm st.;
phore Main 31; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping st cut rates.
ALAMEDA ADVERTS'MTH
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA HOME BUILDING LOTS.
On the bay shore, near San Antonla aye.
electric road: beautiful marine view lots;
streets sewered, macadamized, gas and water
In and side sewers to each lot; covered with
majestic oaks; size of lots 50x150. For further
particulars apply to
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 26 Post St..
E. D. JUDD CO., 1424 Park at..
Alameda, Cal.
w^————■—
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale—Restaurant, wtth complete fixtures
and furnishings; good paying business;
choice location, with lease; a snap.
We have good bargains in houses and lots
In all parts of Berkeley. ALB EE A COR
YELL. 2139 Center St.. Berkeley; Real Es
tate and Insurance.
FRUITVALE ADVTSMNTS
fruitvale real estate.
m £~gibson,
1320 Fruitvale aye. Phone Vale 280.
If you have a lot partly paid for, or if you
have part of the money to pay for a lot and
would like to start to build.
COME AND SEE US.
We have the plans or will draw them to suit
you and will build you a house, pay the bal
ance on your lot and furnish the money to
build with and let you pay it back In easy
monthly payments.
M. C. GIBSON
(Phone Vale 290.)
1326 Fruitvale *v«„ close to East 14th at.
Open evenings and Sundays.
FRUITVALE HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent —A new 6-room cottage. Forest st.,
Fruitvale.
FRUITVALE FLATS FOR SALE
$500 —NEWLY furnished flat with piano; T
rooms; 50c on th* dollar. 3645 17th st-
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2600 IS the price, and don't miss this if you
want a chance to buy a swell 6-room East
lake cottage, located In the center of town,
only 5 minutes' walk from local train, in choice
residence neighborhood; lot 30x100; all large,
sunny rooms, having an eaat frontage; high
basement; don't fall to Investigate this.
Only $2750 —Must be sold at once; 7-room
colonial house, modern In every particular; cpen
plumbing, porcelain bath, gas and electricity;
all large' rooms: 4 bedrooms upstairs; good
sized lot; fine neighborhood and must be sold
at once; price only $2750; very easy terms;
owner must sell on account of change in busi
ness location.
$6250 —Elegant home of 9 rooms; lot 76x125;
fine marine view; terraced lawn; stone steps
and cemout walks and walls around entire
property; 5 oak and maple mantels; oak flni>h
in hall and dining-room; construction guaran
teed, as this was the former home of our
Governor and built of the best material money
could buy. This property must be sold at
once; easy terms or trade for smaller Income
property.
KREISS A HORSWILL,
1070 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
* FROST TRACT.
FROST TRACT.
Lot* on easy terms, at half-price, to close
them out; bank property, taken on foreclosure
of mortgage; title perfect; street work done;
on car line; If you want a home site Investi
gate this property, prices, etc.
FROST TRACT.
FKOST TRACT.
See J. H. MACDONALD & CO.. •
1082 Proadway.
*
FINE northwest corner on Grove St.; lot 32x00
feet; comfortable house ot 7 rooms and bath;
street work complete; electric line passes
property; price only $2200.
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1062 Broadway.
A BARGAIN.
Fine residence of 12 rooms and bath; ele
gant lot, 100x170 feet. In Lakeside District;
land easily worth price asked for entire prop
erty; well rented to good tenant. For particu
lars see
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway.
$875 CASH, $15 monthly—New bay window
cottage of 4 rooms; all fenced; nice base
ment; brick foundation; good Al well of
water; chicken-houses; 10 lots, all fenced;
125x245; more ground may be had cheap:
sandy loam soil; an Ideal home, away from
fogs and raw winds: near cars and fin-*
grammar school; section building up fast;
price in all $2000. Call or send for circular.
455 Seventh St.. opposite Broadway station.
Oakland; carriage free H. Z. jqNES.
' OAjrXAyP BOOMS TO LET.
NEW handsomely furnished room: sunny and
very desirable: electric lights; bath; reason
able. 3208 Telegraph aye.. Oaklsnd.
FURNISHED room in private family; 3 blocks
to local train; references excluded. 12154
Harrison at.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW th* day tor bargain* In furni
ture. H. Bchelbaaa,lltb St.. cor.store, Oakland
Continued on Page Fourteen.
1314
' ° m BOOMS FOR HOTJSEKEEFIWO.
BIRCJI aye., 23—Unfurnished housekeeping
"rooms: running water.
' CASTRO. 429. roar—3 unfurnished upper sun
ny, pleasant housekeeping rooms; large
, - yard; $10.
°° ELLIS, 801—2 sunny nicely furnished house
• ° -.Jieoplng rooms; reasonable.
EDDY*, 013. near Franklin—Very large room
- •foi» housekeeping; elegant entrance; modern
Conveniences.
Fi LTON, 442—Sunny furnished rooms for
light housekeeping.
GEARY, 1225—3 rooms, completely furnished
c° • .(or "housekeeping; only $20; nicely situated
and separate n-oir. main building.
GROVE. 361, near Gough—Furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
! "." GOLDEN GATE aye., 63i—Single sung-y
. housekeeping room; reasonable.
•HOWARD. 613—Housekeeping rooms: also
single;, gas range free; all conveniences.
' o " HOWARD, 529—Two rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; suitable for man and wife.
■HYDE. 410 —Housekeeping rooms to let.
JACKSON, 064— Furnished sunny large front
' housekeeping rooms; ?S to *10.
° JESSIE, 323—2 large rooms; coal and gas '
I range: $4 week; other rooms, 82, 83 and 1
S3 75 each.
• ' KEARNY, 104—Sunny unfurnished front suite*
■ of 2 and 3 rooms; running water, bath; 811,
•$lB, 820.
% LAGUNA. 9CB—2, 3 or 4 front sunny connect
ing rooms; gas ranges; running water;
• ° cheap.
LANGTON, 15, near 7th, off Howard —3 neat
ly furn. rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
° LEAVENWORTH. 1012—3 unfurnished rooms.
MCALLISTER. 907—2 nicely furnished sunny
bay-window rooms and bath; 818.
0 , MISSION, 1148—Front suite of 4 rooms, com
plete'for housekeeping, 820: single front
room, 88.
OAK! 117—Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $8
to $12; gas range; hot bath: adults.
SECOND. 212—Furnished rooms for house
keeping; central; clean: quiet; no children.
SHOTWELL, 625—2 sunny furnished room*
for light housekeeping; bath; piano.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3174—2 rooms for house
% keeping. .
VALENCIA. 909—3 or 4 nice sunny rooms;
complete for housekeeping; bath; gas range;
very convenient; no children wanted.
WANTED —By respectable, refined working
girl, roommate to share large, comfortably
furnished room with housekeeping privi
leges-; centrally located; lady employed In
store or office preferred; object, economy and :
. ompanionshlp. Box 4776, Call offlce.
WALLER. 71—Regular dining-room and kitch
en, furn, complete, $20; smaller suite. $12.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cent*—The Weekly Call.
16 page*, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MILL VALLEY EOUSEKFNG BOOMS.
FCRNISHED single or housekeeping rooms; 8
minutes' walk from station. Gardener Villa.
• Millwood.
. . APABTMENT HOUSES.
°*JUST opened; The Loraine apartments, 730
O'Farrell, bet. Hyde and Larkin; 2 and 3
rooms; new and modern; prices reasonable.
APARTMENTS WAITTED.
WANTED—A completely furnished modern 4
room apartment. Address, with terms, box
4603, 'Call offlce.
WANTED—To rent apartment of 2 or 3 rooms,
o . furnished. Box 4702. Call offlce.
• BOOMS JJC^JjET—-Fur_. and Unfurn.
A—BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st.—Rooms
26e. tb $1 per night, $1 26 to $6 per week and ;
° ' light housekeeping rooms; open all night. ,
ATKINS, corner Third *t. and Park lane—New
•. brick, building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
'. water; electric lights; only flrst-class house
Ifi locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
AT "The Almonte," 878 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)—Rooms, 25c to 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week: house open all night.
'a NEW corner building; sunny rooma; fresh
and clean; every modern convenience. The
Sahleln, SW. cor. Polk and Bush sts.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electric
lights, running water in every room; 200
rooms: 26c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
o BAKBR. 508—A furnished room.
BROADWAY. 721—Two sunny-front rooma.
BROADWAY, 1101—Bunny front room.
BRODERICK, 1212—One sunny furnished
room.
-BRYANT. 626—Furnished room.
BRYANT. 900—Furnished room to let.
BUCHANAN, 1324— Furnished rooms to let
i 1 ■
BUCHANAN. 1828—Room to let.
BUSH. 808—Alcove and single rooms for gentle
man with references; private family.
BUSH. 1253—Large front room, suitable for 2;
bath, clothes closet; $10 month.
BUSH, 1942—Elegantly furnished room, suit
able for a gentleman.
EDDY, 534 —Clean sunny front room; $1 60 up.
EDDY, 867—Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
with or without hoard: rent reasonable.
ELLIS. 460—The Pierpont, Mrs. J. H. Babbit
mgr. ; fine sunny rooms, single or en suite, j
GRAND Southern, "th and Mission—Rooms Ssc
SO 81 36 night; $1 60 to 86 wk.; reading-room. I
HOWARD, 715—Furnished rooms, single or i
double; central location.
! _____ |
HOWARD. 820—Rooms of all kinds and prices. .
JESSIE, 367—Nice furnished front rooms from !
91 per week up.
——— , —
KEARNY. 323 -Room for office.
«-—-——-————-———————————————___-—
LEAVENWORTH. 513—Large sunny rooms,
suitable for two.
MARKET, 718— Furnished rooms; newly reno- '.
vated; double or single; day. week, month. |
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth)—Sunny rooms;
82 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator; also hskpg.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third St.—4oo i
single and family rooms 35c to 81 50 per day i
$2 to $8 week; the only new and modern I
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco |
ihat has offlce on ground floor, hot and cold ;
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele- I
vator dny and night to its guests.
N A TOM A, 252, near Fourth—To let, S rooms; |
upper floor; rent 812.
NINTH, 157 — A well-furnished sunny front i
room and others; gas and bath.
< FARKELL, 008—Single furnished room, $4
month: double. $10.
PINr, 921— Sunny furnished rooms for gentle
men; private family; $8 and $10.
POWELL, 222 —Front sunny rooms, suitable !
for office: also other rooms for housekeeping. I
LOYAL HOUSE, 120 Ellis—lncandescent lights"!
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par- |
lor: rooms per night, 36c to $1 50; week, $2 j
to ?8: month, $8 to $80; elevator on ground |
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths, i
RUSS, 14 and 18, cor. Minna—Furnished room,
with oook stove; double bed; for gentleman
or lady.
SECOND, 212—Furnished rooms to let.
TAYLOR. .113—Small sunny front room; $150
per week
• The LAUNSTOn'." lio Eddy—Flrst-claas
transient rooms; neat and quiet.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4032—Three sunny rooms;
bath, gas; unfurnished; rent $12.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3338—Rooma, furnished or
unfurnished, to let.
TURK, 42—Sunny furnished rooms; single and
en suite; day, week, month.
TURK, 123—Clean, sunny furnished rooms,
with board: suite or single; $5 up.
VALENCIA. 210— Large sunny room; private
family. Call Sundays or evenings.
VALENCIA. pleasant nicely fur
i niched room; private; suitable for two per
sona; $9.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market—4oo
35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read.-room; free bus, baggage.
BOOMS TO LET—Furn. and Unfurn.
VENDOME. 1104 Market—Furn. rooals, suite
or single; suite S5 week up. lSJTurk.
WOULD rent to r?flned gentleman sunny room
In Jnchson-st. flat; use cf bath and tele
phone; reference required. Box 4887, Call.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
36c to $1 60 nightly: $2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus. baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertH?m»nts and subscriptions has
been opened at KVS Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. _____
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call, 16 pases, sent to any address in the
Urited Ststey or Canada one year tor $1.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Baltimore, 1015 Van Ness ave.—First
class hotel, on American plan: families es
peclallv; elegant rooms, all modern and every
convenience; very sunny; fine views; tabl<»
unsurpassed. H. C. SHANNON. Proprietor.
HOTEL LAIGLON. 501 Geary st—Large,
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for A
$50 month; single, with board, $25 up; special
family rates; just renovated.
REFINED widow from the East, stranger,
having sunny tlat. would like to meet lady
to share expenses of home; only refined, cul
tivated person need apply.. Box 4894. Call.
POLK 699, corner Eddy—Sunny single and
double rooms; good home cooking; beautiful
grounds. _
CHURCH, 301--Well furnished front rooms,
with or without board; comer flat; private
family: reasonable.
' I
ALCOVE room or suite with board for young
couple; $50 or $60: east of Fillmore. Box
4429 Call offlce.
CALIFORNIA, 807 —Bast rooms, table and ser
vice In the city for the least money.
ELLIS. 463—Nice furnished rooms; best of
French table board; very reasonable.
JONES, 434, flat B—Suite, with bath, and
single rooms; board; new house; no signs.
SACRAMENTO, 1106—Room and board; $6
per week. _____________
TABLE board can be had by th* day at 909
Polk et.; reaatonable.
FRANKLIN, 1109 —Sunny suite; also single
room*, with excellent board.
HOTEL Ccmora, 621 O'Farrell—Dollar for dol
lar in rcoms, table and service.
VALENCIA. 936—Large sunny bay-window
room, excellent board; suitable for couple.
TURK, 1159—Large front parlor, with good
board, for 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
HOWARD. 841A —Sunny rooms, with board, $5
week; American family: home cooking.
: m . ——
TO let—Nicely furnished rooms with board;
reasonable. 60 Halght St.
TWO nicely furnished rooms, sunny, home
cooking. 700 Broderick st.
BOOKS AND BOARD WANTED.
A SINGLE gentleman would like board and
room with another gentleman. Address box
4502. Call offlce.
WANTED—Suite of rooms and board for mar
ried couple; give terms. Box 4701, Call offlce.
BOOMS WANTED.
WANTED —4 unfurnished rooms or small flat;
close In. Box 4861. Call offlce.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby gives notice that it has ad
mitted into the orphanage from July 1, 1904.
to December 31, 1904, the following named
orphans and half orphans, boys and girls,
viz: Marian Newman, aged 7 years and 2 1
months; Nathan Ltndeman, 12 years and 11 j
months, and Charles Lindeman, 11 years and
11 months.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
WE show the best and finest collection of
sewing machines in the world; prices from
$4 to $100. WHITE SEWING MACHINE
CO.. 915 Market at.
DOMESTIC —The machine for family use; beat
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
tlc offlce. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3, $5, $8: slightly
ueed, $10, $15, $20; you know where the doll*
swing la the window. 1061 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
teed. CHAB. PLAMBKCK. 1915 Mission st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $26; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for it.
VIAVI CO., Van Ness ( Phone East 282.
Dl VXD BHD NOTICES.
NOTICE of Dividend—The seventh monthly
dividend of 5 cents per share on the pre
ferred stock of the United Milk Company
rias been declared and is how payable at
524 Montgomery at, San Francisco.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Depart
ment. Washington, D. C, until 10 o'clock a.
m., February 14, 19C5, and publicly opened
immediately thereafter, to furnish at the
navy yards, Mare Island, Cal., and Puget
Sound, Wash., a quantity of naval supplies
as specified below: Schedule 48—Electricai
wire, armature, transformers, roseLtes, recep
tacles, sockets, tape, brick, sand, bituminous
coal, horse furnishings, miscellaneous drugs,
sewer and water pipe and fittings, oats, bran,
timothy and alfalfa hay, straw, water-clos
ets and lavatories. Schedule 49—Drills,
mills, reamers, metal slitting and angle cut
ters, dies, etc. Schedule 50—Miscellaneous
hardware, rigging leather, spars\ cedar, fir,
oak, teak, brass, copper, iron, steel, hose,
flexible tubing, nitric acid, Stockholm tar.
Schedule . 51—Weston's differential pulley
blocks., grindstones, grommets, wire sections
tor "Economy scratch brushes, foundry
riddles, manganese bronze wire, chuckb,
Armstrong tool holders, "Garlock" packing,
copper pipe, McKellar steam trap, spare
part? for Dow pumps, pumps, water Alters,
Folt and Parrant comptometer. Schedule
hS— Lettering brushes, floor brushes, casting
brushes, corn and wisp brooms, lime, cocoa
and rubber mats, muslin and sheeting,
worsted zephyr, cotton and linen thread,
miscellaneous hardware, nuts, phosphor
bronze spring wire, screws, engineer's sets,
wire gauze, coal baskets, lanterns, lacing,
rigging and pump leather, brass rod. Par
son'i bronze, copper, tin, hose, packing, cam
phor, lye. boiax, glue, oil, tallow, petrola
tum. Gilder's whiting, sugar of lead, red
and white lead, white zinc, ultramarine blue,
•Irop black, black paint, chrome green, lamp
black, sienna, umber, bronze powder, me
tall'c and Vandyke brown, orange gum
shellac, Venetian red, Japan drier, vermll
lion, oakum. Schedule 53 —Electric wire,
receptacles, lanterns,, mrcanlte plate, tape,
bells, slate, Gonda batteries, gongs, contact
makers, elbows, bushings, pipe straps, cV>n
duit and couplings, spring brass, chain and
screws. Blank proposals will be furnished
upon application to the navy pay offices, San
Francisco. Cal., and Seattle, Wash., or to
the bureau. Applications should designate
hy numbers the schedules desired. H. T. B.
HARRIS. Paymaster General U. 8. N.
(1-10-05).
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 10 o'clock a. m.,
February 21, 1905. and publicly opened Im
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yards. Marc Island, Cal., and Puget Sound,
Wash., a quantity of machine tools, etc., aa
speclAed below: Schedule 54—Futtock bevel
band saw machine, steel plate gate shear.
Schedule 55—Drill press, crank shaper,
lathe. Blank proposals will
he furnished upon application to the navy
pay offices, San Francisco, Cal., and Seattle,
Wash. Applications should designate by
number the schedules desired. H. T. 8.,
HARRIS, Paymaster General U. S. N.
(1-11-05).
STUTTEBING AND STAMMER—HO.
MELBOURNE system; 2
621 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin. 8 to 12.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Harry H. Meyer, 27, 24 Turk street, and
Alice I. Warner, 18. San Jose.
Robert L. Tarrants. 28, Reno, Nov.. and
Nettle M. Peterson. 26, Reno.
George R. Field, 32, city, and Gertrude D.
McCauley, 27, Colorado Springs, Colo.
Frank Leake. 41 Cleveland, Ohio, and Grace
H Mellmger, '31, Cleveland.
Victor P. Figone, 23, 418 Broadway, and
Emily Bari, 22, 9 Brannan place.
Gustav A. Russ 29, 26 Columbia square, and
Linda N. Silva, 22. 215Va Mason street.
Louis Nouguier, 27, 2507 Bryant street and
Marie Robert. 21, 780 Treat avenue.
John S. Ellis, 40. city, and Mamie G. Dor
nan'.. 30. city.
Walter G. Bright, 27, 2818 Golden Gate ave
nue, and Elaine E. Schalich, 26, 2816 Golden
Gate avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 24, 1905.
Irving J. Martin 32, Whitefield, N. H., and
Antonie I Wollsch'laegei, 35, St. Paul, Minn.
John S. Hanna, 21, city, and Marie K.
Wells. 21, city.
Andrew J. Wilson. 46, 22 Eddy street, and
Malta M. Kcpncr. 44. 2975 Sacramento street
Charles H. Schlichtlng, 23, 867 O'Farrell
street, and Mary A. Rees, 22, 841 O'Farrell st.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices-restricted simply to the announcement
of th,- event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
HADSELL —In Point Richmond, Cal.. January
19, 19C5, to the wife of C. F. Hads»ll, a
son.
MAYBLUN—In this city, January 9, 1906, to
the wife of Jack Mayblun. a daughter.
MONTELL—In Berkeley. Cal.. January IS.
1905, to the wife of F. B. Montell, a
dauehter.
MURRAY—In this city. January 22, 1905, to
the wife of T. C. Murray, a son.
PATTISON—In Oakland. Cal., January 22,
1905, to the wire of- George Pattison, a son.
SIEBERT—In this city, December 19, 1904, to
the wife of E. F. Slebert, a daughter.
WICHMAN—In Alameda, Cal. January 19,
1905. to the wife of H. P. Wtehman. v son.
MARRIED.
KEFFOURY— KEFFOURY— In this city, Jan
uary 22, 1905. by the Rev. T. N. Pash
kovsky, William Keffoury and Bassma Kef
foury, both of San Francleco.
LOCKWOOD—DOUGLASS—At 1120 Gough
street, this city, January 18, 1905, by the
Rev. George G. Eldredge, pastor St. John's
Presbyterian Church, Edward Sherman Lock
wood of Vallejo and Violet Emily Douglass
o' San Francisco. _______
DIED.
Andrew*. Marie —45 Lagan, Rev. Hugh
Buchhols, lima A. D.—'Leffmann, Irene M.—l
6 month*. month.
Canfleld. John—7B ;McCauley, John —74
Cleary, Patrick [Meenan, Hannah —68
Connelly. Patrick — HiMcMullen Annie—B2
days. ' Morrill. Wm. 8.—35
Decker, Mabel C. —24 O'Connor, Bernard—Bo
Fox, Lucy—36 Pedrotta, Ernest —22
Fraser, Hannah—42 Phillips, Raymond E.—
Green. Minor —62 27
Guignard, Harry—49 Rennison, Wm. E.—34
Hannah, Sarah—3B Tracy. Julia T.
Hilton, Esther A. —78 Van Tassell.Emlly M. —
Hoover, Marl* E. 2 months.
Hutton. Martha M. White, Daniel—64
Johnson.Kathrlna C—62 Williams, S. A.—l
ANDREWS—In this city. January 22, 1905.
Magic Andrews, beloved wife of E. Andrews,
and devoted mother of Magle, Annie, James,
William and George Andrews, a native of
Boston, Mass.. aged 45 years and 1 month.
CFFriends and acquaintance* are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from 164
A street, Richmond Dietrlct. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BUCHHOLZ—In this city. January 23, 1905.
lima A. D., beloved daughter of William
and Clara Buchholz, sister of Claudine Buch
holz, and granddaughter of Captain and Mrs.
M. Maas and Wilhelm Buchholz, a native of
San Francisco, aged 6 months and 7 days.
£s"Services win be held to-morrow (Wed
nesday), at 1:30 p. m., at the residence of
her parents, 619 Powell street, between Bush
and Pine. Interment private.
CANFIELD—In Oakland. Cal.. January 22,
1906, John Canfleld, a native of Ireland, aged
78 years.
CLEARY—In this city. January 22, 1905, at
his residence. 1303 Sanchez street. Patrick,
beloved husband of the late Jane Cleary, and
beloved father of Timothy, Henry and Katie
Oleary and Mrs. F. Denton, a native of
County Tlpperarv, Ireland. A member of
Division No. 1. A. O. H.. B. of E.
CF Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his
late residence, 1303 Sanchez street, corner
Twenty-sixth, thence to St. Jamee Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CONNELLY—In this city, January 23. 1905.
Patrick Connelly, beloved son of Michael and
Ann Connelly, a native of San Francisco,
axed 11 days.
DECKER—In this city, January 22, 1905, Ma-1
bel C, beloved wife of Mervll E. Decker, l
and devoted mother at Mervllyn Decker, a !
native of California, aged 24 years 7 months 1
and 11 days. (Jacksonville, Amador County, I
papers please copy.) ,
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect- j
.fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her '
late residence, 376 Fell street. Interment |
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets,
FOX—In this city, January 23. 1905, Lucy,
beloved wife of John Jacob Fox, and devoted
mother of Viola, Addle, Alfred and John
Jacob Fox Jr., a native of Portland, Maine,
aged 36 years 9 months and 8 days.
FRASER—In this city, January 22. 1906.
Hannah, beloved wife of W. H. Fraser. and
elster of W. P. Nolan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 42 years.
CFFriends are invited to attend the
funeral to-day (Tuesday), at 1:30 p. m.,
• from the parlors of Halsted & C0., % 946 Mis
sion street. Interment private.
GREEN—In this city, January 23, 1906, Minor,
beloved husband of Mrs. S. J. Green, a na
tive of Ohio, aged 62 years.
GUIGNARD—In this city. January 22, 1905,
Harry, beloved husband of Llna Guignard, I
a native of Memphis, Term., aged 49 years
6 months and 18 days.
CFCourt Defiance No. 23. F. of A.—
Officers and members are requested to as
semble at Dlerks' undertaking parlors, 432
Golden Gate avenue, on Tuesday, January
24. 1905. at 2 p. m. sharp, to attend the
funeral of P. C. R. Harry Guignard. Inter
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. By order
CHARLES FRANKLIN. C. R.
Attest: AARON WASCH Secretary.
HANNAH—In this city, January 23, 1905,
Sarah, beloved wife of Colin Hannah, a na
tive of New Brunswick, aged 36 years 6
months and 18 days.
HILTON—In Benicia. January 22. 1905. Esther
A. Hilton beloved mother of Charles C.
Hilton and Mrs. W. H. Garreteon. a native
of Damarlscotta, Me., aged 75 years and
5 months.
CFFuneral Tuesday. January 24. at 2
p. m.. from her late residence. Benlcla, Cal.
HOOVER—In this city. January 22, 1905,
Marie E., beloved wife of George 8. Hoover,
and mother of the late Harry G. Poole.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
January 24. at 10 a. m., from her late resi
dence, 634 Valencia street. Interment Cy
press Lawn Cemetery.
HUTTON—In this city, January 22. 1906. Mar
tha M. Hutton, beloved mother of Alice Baur,
and grandmother of Inez Baur, a native of
New York.
CFServices to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock
p. m., from the residence of her daughter.
Alice Baur, 514 Mason street. Funeral
strictly private. Interment Holy Cross Cem
etery.
JOHNSON—In Oakland, Cal., January 23, 1905,
Kathrina C. Johnson, beloved wife of the
late Captain James Johnson, and mother
of the late James Johnson Jr., Frederick C.,
Otto J., William and George W Johnson,
and Mrs. Albert Gruntnger, Mrs. F. G.
Wight. Mrs. F. R. Woolsey, Mrs. W. W.
Glddlngs, Mrs. V*. W. Reed and Catherine
and Selma Johnson, a native of Denmark,
aged 62 years and 10 months.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
January 26, at 2 o'clock p. m„ from the
family residence, 140 Claremont avenue,
Oakland. Interment private.
LAGAN—A solemn requiem high mas*
(month's mind) for the repose of the soul of
the late Rev. Hugh Lagan will be celebrated
on Wednesday morning, January 25, at 10
o'clock, in Sacred Heart Church, corner of
Fillmore and Fell streets.
LEFFMANN—In this city, January 23 1905,
at the residence of her parents. 4 Shipley
street, Irene Marie, beloved Infant daughter
of Hermann W. and Annie G. Leffmann, and
sister of Marguerite G. Leffmann, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 month.
McCAULEY—In this city, January 22. 1905
John McCauley. beloved husband of the late
Susan McCauley, father of Mrs. G. Ander
son, Mrs. W. S. Taylor and John McCauley.
and stepfather of Edw. Skelly, a native of
Ireland, aged 74 years.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late
residence. 637 Third street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MEENAN—'In this city, January 23, 1906.
Hannah, beloved wife of Hugh Meenan, a
native of Ireland, aged 53 year*.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the par
lors of McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re
quiem high mags will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McMULLEN—In this city. January 21, 1905.
Annie, beloved wife of Thomas McMullen,
and loving daughter of John and Ellen
Cornish, a native of Washington, aged 32
years and 11 months.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m., from the parlors
of Carew A English. 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services
at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
by 11:80 train from Third and Townsend
streets.
MORRILL—In Buisun. Cal.. January 22, 1905,
William S. Morrill, husband ot Josephine
Morrill, father of Jane Morrill, son of Mr.
and Mr*. Lewis Morrill, and brother of
Fred L.. Claire A. and Miss Louise Morrill,
a native of Alameda County, Cal., aged 35
years 9 months and 13 daya
CFFunneral private.
O'CONNOR—In this city. January 20. 1905,
Bernard O'Connor, a native of Ireland, aged
SO years.
PEDROTTA—In this city, January 23, 1905,
Ernest, dearly beloved son of Angelo and j
Elizabeth Pedrotta, and beloved brother of
Charles and Louise Pedrotta, a native of
Switzerland, aged 22 years and 8 months.
A member of Loyal Roma Lodge. I. O. O. F..
M. U„ and United Brotherhood of Carpen
ters and Joiners of America. Local Union 95.
PHILLIPS—In Larkspur. Cal.. January 22,
1005, Raymond E , dearly beloved son of
Cora E. and the late John S. Phillips, and
brother of Harry \V , Arthur R. and Ella
H. Phillips, and the late Hattle C. Phillips,
a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years
7 months and 9 days.
CFFriends and acquaintance- are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the
funeral parlors of Porter & White, 423 Golden
Gate avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem
etery, via 11:30 a. m train from Third and |
Townsend streets depot.
RENNISON—In this city, January 23, 1905. |
William Edward Rennison, beloved husband j
of Catherine Rennison, loving father of Eliz- i
abeth Frances Rennison, and son-in-law of |
the late Michael and Catherine Kelly, a na
tive of Petaluma, Cal., aged 34 years.
TRACY—In this city, January 23, 1905, Julia
T., dearly beloved daughter of Hannah and
the late John F. Tracy, and loving sister of
John F.. Joseph L., Edward J. and Mamie
A. Tracy, a native of San Francisco. (New
Orleans, La., and Albany, N. V., papers
please copy.)
B_rFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8 a. m., from the residence
of her mother, 616 Fell street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com
mencing at 8:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
VAN TASSELL—In this city, January 23, 1905,
at the residence of her parents, 4079 Twenty- ,
fourth street, Emily May, beloved infant
daughter of Starr and Catherine Van Tas- j
sell, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months.
WHITE—In this city, January 22, 1905. Dan
iel, beloved husband of the late Jane White,
aged 64 years. (San Jose papers please
copy.)
ICFPriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m., from the
parlors of McAvoy _ Co.. 1239 Market street,
near Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's Church
for services at 1 o'clock p. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WILLIAMS—In Oakland, Cel., January 28,
1906, at Falrvlew street, near Oakland ave
nue, Samuel A., son of Albert D. and Jennie
M. Williams, a native of Oakland, aged 1
year 9 months and 29 days.
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to express our sincere thanks
to our many friends and acquaintances for j
their sympathy during our recent bereave- :
ment. MRS. PACKERT and daughters.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page *Flf teen.
Cisco Stock and Exchange- Board yesterday:
Morning Session —Comstocks.
400 Alpha 15| 100 Kentuck 02 ;
400 Andes 30! 200 Mexican 2 10 i
400 Belcher 191 760 Ophir 8 37 %
100 Caledonia .... 42| 100 Ophir 625
500 Chollar 28! 500 Overman 25
100 Con Cal A V.l 70| 100 Potosi 16
100 Confidence ... 951 200 Savage 37 I
000 Crown Point.. 15| 200 Seg Belcher... 08 j
300 Gould A Cur. 22!-500 Union Con 65
200 Hale & Norc.l 46j 100 Yellow Jacket 22
100 Justice IT
Afternoon Session —Comstocks.
200 Alta 05! 200 Justice 17 !
600 Andes 32)1000 Kentuck 03
200 Belcher 26! 200 Mexican 2 20
600 Bullion 24i 300 Ophir 8 87%
100 Caledonia .... 471 150 Ophir 675
100 Challenge ... 31! 100 Potosi 15 !
100 Chollar 29| 100 Savage 39
500 Chollar 3'J| 200 Seg Belcher... 07 :
200 Con Cal A V.l 75: 000 Sierra Nev 47 j
100 Confidence ... 07j 100 Silver Hill 67
200 Con N V 05| 100 Silver Hill 66 I
100 Crown Point.. 19' 400 Union Con 69
500 Crown Point.. 201
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask. I
Alpha 15 17|Julla 04 06
Alta 04 r>B: Just ice 17 18
Andes 31 32|Kentuck 02 03 :
Belcher 25 27|Lady Wash ..02 04
Best A Belch.l 06 1 15! Mexican 2 15 2 20
Bullion 24 251 Occidental ... 86 90
Caledonia .... 46 48'Ophlr 676 6 87%
Challenge ... 30 321 Overman 26 27
Chollar 29 31|Potosl 15 17 i
Confidence ... 96 100 Savage 89 40
Con Cal A V.l 70 175 Scorpion 18 19 |
Con Imperial. 01 021 Seg Belcher... 07 08
Con NY 04 OSlSlerra Nev 47 48 ,
Crown Point.. 19 20 Silver Hill 68 67 I
E. Sierra Nev 06 — St. Louis 11 — I
Eureka Con.. — oOlSyndlcate .... 17 —I
Exchequer ... 60 64jUnlon Con 68 69 1
Gould A Cur. 22 28IUtah 19 21
Hale A Norc.l 40 1 451 Yellow Jacket. 26 27
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
100 Adams 121000 North Star ... 26
2000 Adams ll! 100 Ortg Bullfrog. 26
100 Bullfrog Mln. 701 600 Ortg Bullfrog. 27 j
1000 Goldfleld B Bl 0811000 Red Hon 06 i
1000 Gold Anchor. 3412500 Red Top 10 I
3000 Gold Anchor. 32; 1000 Rescue 06 I
1000 Ooldfleld Dmd 12J2000 Rescue 07 !
1100 Goldfleld Mln. 7112000 Ton Midway.. 52;
800 Jumbo M Co. 65 11.000 Ton Midway 54 !
1600 MacNamara . 322000 Ton Midway.. 51
3000 MacNamara . 34 2500 Ton Midway.. 53
3900 MacNamara . 331 100 Ton Belmont.. 73
3000 May Queen .. 37: 600 Ton Belmont.. 72 I
1000 May Queen .. 36!1000 Verde 07 I
1000 Mohawk 151 100 Vernal 15
1000 North Star .. 24|
Afternoon Session.
1000 Adams 12'100ft N V Ton Con. 14
1500 Bullfrog Mln. 70jl000 N V Ton Con. 15
100 Cent. Eureka. 1 9011000 Orlg Bullfrog. 26 j
1000 Columbia Mt. 28! 600 Orlg Bullfrog. 27
2000 Columbia Mt. 27(1000 Red Lion 06 |
500 Dlamondfleld. 3111000 Sandstorm ... 72!
2000 Goldfleld Dmd 121 100 Sandstorm ... 74 1
3000 Goldfleld Mln. 71|1000 Sylvania 16,
500 Goldfleld Mm. 72! 100 Ton Belmont.. 73 I
500 Goldfleld Mm. 73 500 Ton Exten ...4 50'
800 Jumbo Ex .. 231 600 Ton Gold Mt.. 13 ;
1250 Kendall 3314400 Ton Midway.. 52 j
300 MacNamara . 33 2000 Ton Midway.. 54 I
2500 MacNamara . 3412000 Ton Midway.. 51
1000 MacNamara . 32! 500 Ton Ohio 30
1000 May Queen .. 35! 25 Ton of Nev. .12 00 I
1000 May Queen .. 3611000 Verde '07
1000 May Queen .. 33)
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid.Ask.l • Bld.Ask.
Gold Anchor. 31 34! Rescue 05 07
Jim Butler .. 40 45iTon Belmont.. 72 73
Little Ton .. — 40 Ton A Cal — 16
MacNamara .32 83 Ton Cash Boy. — 12
Mizpah Ex .. 05 —|Ton Exten ...4 50 500
Mont Ton. .2 07% 2 lOlTon Midway.. 50 52
N V Ton Con 11 13 Ton N Star... 24 26
Ton Ohio 30 38 Ton Nev. .11 62% 12 50
Paymaster .. 03 04 West End ... 20 —
Qulncy M Co. 10 —|
Goldfleld District.
Adams 11 12!Goldfleld Mhk. 14 18
Black Ants .. — 10 Gldfld Red L. 05 06
Black ""Butte.. 22 23 Goldfleld BPk — 18 >
Blk Butte Ex 10 — Ton.. 09 10;
Blue Bull M. 20 —(Gldfleld Verde. 05 06;
Booth M Co. 10 — Jumbo M Co. 66 70 !
Columbia Mt. — 27 Jumbo Ex ... 23 25
trtamondfleld. 27 32| Kendall — 34
Dixie Mln ... 21 25 May Queen .. 35 38
Ooldfleld 88l 07 OSlPennsylvanla.. — 10
Goldfleld B&M — 12! Red Top 18 19
Goldfleld Dmd 11 12rS8mdstorm ... 74 —
Hibernia 20 211 Vernal Mln ..14 16
Goldfleld Mm. 71 721
Other Districts.
Bullfrog Mln. 70 —I Ray A O'Brien 06 07
Oolehan — 101 Southwestern. 60 —
Esperanza ... 01 02! Ton Gold Mt.. 12 13
Lucky Tom... fW 051 Sylvania ...... 26
Mont Bullfrog 10 12! United Ton ... — 09
Orlg Bullfrog. 26 281
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Adams ll! 1250 Sandstorm ... 65
8000 Austin G M. 32(1000 Sandstorm ... 70
1000 Black Ants .. 0612000 Ton Gold Mt.. 13 I
1000 Gold Mt Con. 0213000 Ton Gold Mt.. 14
2700 Goldfleld 88l 06|8700 Ton Midway.. 52
2000 MacNamara . 3312000 Ton Midway.. 54
100 Mont Ton .. .2 06! 1800 Ton Midway.. 51
500 Mont Ton. .2 07%! 1000 Ton Midway.. 53
500 Orlg Bullfrog. 27! 100 Ton N Star... 23
1000 Paymaster .. 03|
Afternoon Session.
1500 Adams 1213500 MacNamara .. 32
200 Cent. Eureka.l 90 100 Mont Ton ...2 10
17,000 Esperanza.. 01 hooo Paymaster ... 03
1000 <J6l<Jfleld B Bl 0612300 Ton Belmont.. 72
1500 Gldfld Red L. 0614900 Ton Midway.. 51
1000 Goldfleld SPk 18! 500 Ton Midway.. 50
3360 MacNamara . 331
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.*'
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Adams 11 — Lucky Tom .. 05 — *
Black Butte.. — 28 MacNamara .. 31 32
Blue Bull M. 21 —Mont Ton.-.2 08 2 07%
Diamondfleld. — "0 Orlg Bullfrog. 26 27
Esperanza ... 01 02 Paymaster ... 02 04
Free Gold M. — 15 Hay A O'Brien 05 C 8
Gold Anchor. 31 34 Red Top 18 20
Ooldfleld 88l — 06|Reseue 05 06
Goldfleld Mln. 70 — (Rothwell GM. — 50
Gldfld Red L — 061 Sandstorm ... 70 —
Goldfleld SPk — 18 Ton Belmont.. 71 73
Gold Mt Con. — 02|Ton Exten ..4 25 —
Hazel K'rk .. — 12ITon Gold Mt. 18 14
Jumbo M Co. 60 — !Ton Midway.. 50 61
Jumbo Ex .. 21 23!Tn Nev.ll 12% 11 37%
Kendall 32 40! Ton N Star... 23 24
Little Ton ..25 —
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAY. JANUARY 23.
Laura and James Whitaker to John W. Phil
lips, lot on E line of Gough street. R2:B>4 N
Of Clay. NM by E lift; $10.
-Estate of Alvlnza Hayward (hy William J.
Dingee. administrator) to Charles A. Mohaupt,
lot on SE corner of Lombard and Octavta
streets. S 31:3 by B 100; $2350.
Same to Theresa E, Sims lot on N line of
I Greenwich street. 106:3 E of Laguna, X 25 by
N 137:6; $975.
Same to Oscar Heyman. lot on N line of
Greenwich street, 31:8 E of Laguna E 50 by
N 100; $1800.
Same to Thomas P. Conlon, lot on N line
of Greenwich street, 181:3 E of Laguna, E 25
by N 137:6; $975.
Same to George W. Spiller, lot on N line
of Greenwich street 81:3 E of Laguna. E 25
!by N 100; $850.
i Marie Beerstecher to Mary E. Conlon, lot
ion E line of Steiner street, 78 N of Sacra-
I memo. N 23 by E 93:9; $10.
I Caspar and Sophie Zwierleln to John C. and
i F - Robinson, lot on S line of Fell street,
[50 W of Fillmore, W 25 by 8 65- $10.
William P. and Annie L. Carroll to Mary C.
Herges, lot on W line of Fillmore street. 30 S
!of Oak, S 25 by W 110; $10.
Sophie and Julian Le Roy White to William
X 5 „ H , awki ns. lot on S line of Page street,
96:10>4 E of Baker, E 25 by S 110; $10
Amos W. Benedict to Adam and Margaret
A Roberts, lot on S line of Post street. 120
N%5-7^ y slo W 23:tJ% ' S 70:10,} ». SE
David Samson to Eva Samson (wife), lot on
W line of Central avenue, 60 S of Hayes
street. S 25 by W 93:3; gift.
Charles R. Ryder to Annie L. Ryder, lot
on W line of Belvedere street, 283:6 S of
Waller, S 25 by W 120; gift.
Warren 8. and Mary L. Covey to Salvatore
T- Deslmone, lot on w line of Capp street, 217
S of Twenty-first, S 28 by W 122:6; $10.
Alexander and Nellie Bond to Rosalie J.
Colombat. lot on E line of Sanchez street 150
N of Fourteenth. N 51:6 by E 125; $10 "
Annie Best to Harry C. Best lot on E line
of Noe street. 230 N of Fourteenth N 26 by
E 162; gift.
Grace and George T. Gavin to Florian and
Elizabeth Stoesser, lot on E line of Harrison
street, 260 N of Twenty-fifth, N 26 by E 100;
Patrick M. McGoidrick to Charles C. J. and
Emma M. Wegner, lot on N line of Twenty
third street. 280 W of Sanchez. W 25:6 by N
114; $10. m
Frank. Mario*) to Globatta and Mary Can
epa, lot on S line of Filbert street, 220 W of
Montgomery, W 27:6 by 8 68:9; $10.
John J. Mahony st al. to John J. Mahony,
lot on NW corner of Post street and Grant
avenue, N 122:6 by W 68:10"*; $451,900.
John and Mary A. Mahony to Crocker Hotel
Company, same; $10.
Joseph A. Gendotti to Alexander Bond, lot
on NW line of Shipley street, 75 NE of Fifth,
NE 25 by NW 75; $10.
Moritz B. and Yetto B. Cohn to Augusta
W. Habich, lot on NE line of Seventh street,
115 SE of Folsom, SE 25 by NE 75; gift.
Henry Lehman to E. Huffaker, lot on W
line of Rhode Island street, 136:3 N of Napa
N 26 by W 100; $10.
Real Estate and Development Company to
William Ahlers, lot on W line of Connecticut
street, 48:6 N of Eighteenth, N 24 by W 75;
grant.
Samuel H. Mann to J. H. Stein, lot on NW
corner of Twenty-first avenue and Lake street,
W 32:6 by N 100: $10.
John W. and Sarah A. Flinn to same,
same; $10.
Peter M. Nelson to Nelson, lot on
E line of Sixth avenue, 175 N of Clement
street, N 25 by E 120; gift.
Leon Esmlol to Eugene Sllve. lot on W line
of First avenue, 172 N of Clement street, N
26 by W 120 ; $10.
United States Building, Realty and Invest
ment Society to Charles and Delia K. Kollmar,
lot on SW corner of Third avenue and B
street. S 25 by W 95, quitclaim deed; $6.
Bay District Land Company to same, same:
$10..
Ottokar and Emma Hofmann to Henry O.
Meyer lot on SW corner of Thirty-sixth ave
nue and C street, 8 500, W 120. N 400. W 120.
N 100. E 240; $10.
Clara K. Sutro (formerly Clara Kluge) to
City Realty Company, lot on 8 line of H
street, 30 E of Fourth avenue, E 2:6 by S 95;
$10.
Bemhard and Rose Getz to Frank B. Adams,
lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue, 125 N of
J street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Eunice P. Cushman to Charles H. Cush
man, lot on NE comer of Nineteenth avenue
and J street. E 107:6 by N 100; also lot on
5 line of I street, ,82:6 W of Sixteenth ave
nue. W 25 by S 100; $1000.
Lucinda Dowllng to Stephen Dowllng. lot
on S line of L street. 57:6 W of Forty-third
avenue W 25 by 8 100; $10.
J. S. and Miriam Hermann to Nathan D.
Newman, undivided one-half of following: Lot
on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue, 200 N of
X street. N 77. SE 240:5. S 163:7. W 120. N
100. W 120; also lot on NE corner of Thirty
ninth avenue and X street, N 100 by E 240;
also lot on SE comer of Fortieth avenue and
W street, E 32:6 by 8 100; also lot on W line
of Thirty-ninth avenue, 225 S of W street, S
26 by W 120; also lot on E line of Fortieth
avenue, 150 S of W street, S 25. E 120. N 26.
E 120. N26 W 120, 8 25. W 120; also lot
on W line of Thirty-ninth avenue 200 N of
X street. N 25, W 120, N 50. W 120. S 100. E
120, N 26 E 120; also lot on W line of For
tieth avenue, 300 8 of W street, 8 100 by W
120; also lot on S line of T street, 32:6 E of
Thirty-sixth avenue, E 175 by 8 100; also lot
on N line of Market street, 400 W of Thirty -
ninth avenue N 123:11, W 78.41. S 124:11, E
85.35; $10.
Isabelle E. O'Connor to August Klahn, lot
en SE corner of Mission street and Preclta
avenue, NE 50, SE 83:6, SW 18:1%, W 89:4%;
$10.
W. E. Oilman to M. A. Walden. lot» 87 to
45, block 26, Lakevlew; also lots 12 to 17 and
19 block 26, same: $10.
Julius C. Reis to J. Lat all lade, lot 32, block
4, Rets Tract; grant.
Columbian Banking Company to George I.
La my. lots 1740 to 1749, gift map 4: $10.
Abe Rosenstein to Sophie Friedman, lots 47
and 49, block P, Sliver Terrace; $10.
Patrick Connor to David J. Connor, lot on
SE comer of Farallones and Plymouth streets.
E 125 by S 125, block X, Railroad Homestead;
gift.
Same to Margaret J. Ferren, lot on 8 line
of Farallones street, 125 E of Plymouth. E
60 by S 125, block X, Railroad Homestead:
also lot on S line of Farallones street. 176 E
of Plymouth. E 50, S 125. —, N 126,. block
X, same; also lot on N line of Broad street.
169:8 E of Plymouth, E 47:4 by N 125, block
X, same; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Flora D. Jones (owner) with Joseph F.
Boeddeker (contractor), architect John Bake
well Jr.—All work for a two-story frame
(store and flats) on lot on NE corner of Army
and Alabama streets 31:6 on Alabama by 100;
$5320.'
Herbert E. Law (owner) with Bryan Ele
vator Company (contractors), architects Meyer
6 O'Brien—Four passenger elevators, alter
passenger elevator and freight elevator, two
sidewalk elevators for a ten-story steel frame
building on lot on 8 comer of Market and An
nie streets, SW 142:6 by SB 160; $24,000.
Mrs. Frances A. Banning (owneri with
James A. McDonald (contractor), architect S.
C. McNally—All work for a two-story frame
building (flats) on — corner of Colllngwood
and Twentieth streets. N 125, E 100 by N
27:6; $5979.
Henry and Elizabeth Cunningham (owners)
with J. Pritchard and F. C. Wehland (con
tractors), architect —AH work for a
two-story frame building (flats) on lot on SW
comer of Sanchez and Jersey streets, S 58 by
W 43:9; $6000. _ _
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN.
12 midnight—Stmr Edith.
FOREIGN PORTS,
j VICTORIA —Sailed Jan 23 —Br _tmr Empress
!or Japan, for Hongkong: Br ship Poltalloch,
I far Melbourne; stmr Umatilla, for San Fran
cisco.
Aiaived Jan 23 —Stmr Santa Rosa, henca
Jan 20.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR—Arrived Jan 23—Prinaeea
Irene, from New Tork, for Naples and Genoa,
and riroceeded.
CHERBOURG—Arrived Jan 23—Stmr Kron
prlnz Wllhelm, from New Tork, via Plymouth,
for Bremen, and proceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON—Arrfaed Jan 23—Stmr
Minnehaha, from New Tork.
YOKOHAMA —Sailed Jan 23—Stmr Empress
of China, from Hongkong, for Vancouver.
NEW YORK—Sailed Jan 23—Stmr Manltou.
for London.
GENOA —Sailed Jan 23—Stmr Deutechland,
for New York, via Naolea.
Memoranda.
VICTORIA. Jan. 23.—8r stmr Pleiades, from
! Yokohama, is discharging cargo.
| Jan 23. 9:30 p. m.—Scow schr Emilie Mar
tin went ashore near Lime Point. Got off at
j 10:30 p m., and was towed by gasoline launch
Ito Tiburon,
Election Commissioners Meet.
The Election Commissioners met
last night at the City Hall and passed
upon the preliminary work, prepara
tory to outlining the plans for the pri
mary elections to be held August 8
and November 7 of this year. The
commissioners resolved to ask the
opinion of the City Attorney as to the
power of the board in the matter of
' paying the deputy registrars for over
time work performed at the last elec
tion. The next meeting will be held
at 8 p. m., February 20.
Finds a Needle in a Towel.
While drying her hands with a towel.
Minerva Gaffney, a girl of twelve, re
siding at 124 Oak street, ran a needle
into the flesh of her. left hand. By her
trying to withdraw it she succeeded in
forcing it farther in. Her mother took
her to the Emergency Hospital, where
Dr. Herzog found it necessary to sub
ject her to chloroform after locating
the needle with the X-ray. After a
good deal of probing and cutting the
needle was removed.
PROPOSE STATE
LAND HOLDING
Miners' Association Sends
Memorial to Sacramento
Concerning Keclamation
PROFIT IS SUGGESTED
Cost of Public Works to Be
Paid for Under Leases
When Fully Accomplished
The executive committee of the Cal
ifornia Miners' Association has adopt
ed a resolution memorializing the Cal
ifornia Legislature to pass a bill to
provide for acquiring title to all the
swamp and overflowed lands on the
Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers
and their tributaries that the engin
i eers report to be necessary to use In
the reclaiming of said lands to be held
by the State and leased, the income to
be applied to the payment of the
moneys expended by the StAte in re
clamation.
This resolution was forwarded to
Governor Pardee and Senator Belshaw
yesterday by President Benjamin of
the California Miners' Association.
With the resolution went explanatory
letters.
President Benjamin said last even
ing that he believed that the State
should be reimbursed for any expense
that it incurs in reclaiming the swamp
and overflowed lands, as all the State
would have to pay was its share of the
reclamation cost in taxes. The exec
utive committee of the Miners' Asso
slation favors the work of reclamation
that is proposed. The benefit of the
work should not come to a relatively
small number of property owners
when the entire State is asked to pay
millions of dollars in the future for
the Improvement to be made. If the
State had the lands, after they are re
claimed, they could be made a source
of much revenue. That was the intent
of the resolution. The resolution is
as follows:
Resolved, That this association memorialize
the Legislature of the State of California to
enact a law authorizing and empowering the
State to acquire title to all the swamp and
overflowed lands on the Sacramento and San
Joaquin rivers and their tributaries that the
engineers report to be necessary to use in the
work of reclaiming said lands, and in preserv
ing the navigability of said rivers, either by
voluntary conveyances from the present own
: ers of said lands or by the exercise of the
| right of eminent domain, such lands to be re
! talned and held by the State, and when re
: claimed to be leased by the State and the
rents accruing therefrom to be applied to the
payment of the Interest and principal of the
moneys expended by the State In such work
of reclamation and preservation.
A memorial addressed to President
Roosevelt by the Miners' Association
requesting the assistance of the Geo
logical Survey in making a study of
those portions of the Sacramento and
San Joaquin valleys affected by detri
tus from torrential streams as a part
of the Investigation concerning the
storage of flood waters and the recla
mation of waste lands in this State
was also sent to Washington by Pres
ident Benjamin yesterday.
Grand Jurors Angry.
Grand Jurors Andrews and Bowes
are angered over the injunction that
has been issued by the Superior Court
restraining them from making arrests
in Belden place. Last night they
summoned a number of the women
habitues before them and made in
quiry toward learning how the writ
was obtained. The committee also
had two witnesses before them on a
matter presented by Prank A. Schmidt
jln connection with the denial of his
j petition at the last meeting of the Po
! lice Commission to open a saloon at
Pell and Franklin streets. He tried
to make it appear that Commissioner
Drinkhouse was responsible for the
action of the board.
Iroquois Braves.
The Iroquois braves of California
are officially advised by Oscar Hocks,
grand sachem; L.. J. Welch, grand
secretary, and Henry L. Blenfeld, as
sistant grand secretary, that there will
be a powwow of the tribes in San
Francisco on Washington's birthday.
All Democratic clubs in the State are
invited to send delegates. There will
be a banquet in the evening.
STABBED BY UNKNOWN MAN.—Cart
Selenius. a Finnish laborer, living at 329t£
Third Btreet, while enjoying an early walk at
3 o'clock yesterday morning, made the ac
quaintance of a stranger, who invited him into
a rooming-house at.785- Market street. While
he was there a stranger stabbed him about
the head and face three times with a knire.
The wounds were dressed at the Emergency
Hospital by Dr. Carl Wilson.
RAIXWAY TRAVEXfc
|CMICAG0 T |N 3 DAYS!
I LEAVES DAILY ATtSC AM|
Other Santa Fe Trains:
7:80 a. m. 1
9:30 a. m. i For Stockton. Freano, Bakersßeld,
8:0(i p. m. j Merced. Hanford and vtsalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices—64l Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway, Oak
land, Cal.; alao 27 South First, San Jose.
r^^^B^an^^^^^
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Franclaco. daily at t7 Oft
7:45. 8:25, 9:10. 9:60, 11:00 a. m.; 12:20 1 : 45
3:15, 4:36\ 5:16, 5:50. 6:30, 7:16, 10:15 and
-U o. at.
TUh ive at San Francisco daily, at t6-4n
7:36 8:15, 8:50. 9:35, 10:50 a. m.; 1210 IHO
2:55; 4:26. 5:05, 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and llttt
p. m
♦Dally except Sunday.
For Fairfax dally, at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur
days at 3:15 p. m., and dally except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:46 a. m. dally—Cazadero and way stations
8:15 p. m., Saturdays only—For Cazadero .
etc. '*
s:l#*P- m. dally, except Saturday and Sun
day. iV Tomales. etc.
TICKET OFFICE—6SO Market st.
JERRY—Union Depot, foot of Market
K_J_WAY TRAVEL.
Trains leavw und »-"• <t"Mt
FRANCISCO.
Fbrry Depot
\j/ (Foot of Market Street.)
i.-»m - MAIN LINE. — akkit-T*
7.00 a vacavilu-. Winters. Itmusey / 6Jp
7.00 a Benlcla. Elmlra and Sacramento.. 7-20p
7- 30* Vallejo. Napa, Callstoga, Sent*
Kuea, Martinez. Pan Itamon 6-20p
7 30a Nlles, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.... 7 20P
8 00a Shasta Express — (Via Davie».
William*. Willows. IFrnto. Ked
Blaff. Portland, Tscoms, Seattle 7.60*
8 00a DaTla. Woodland, Knlghta Landing.
MarvsvlMe, Orovllle 7-50*
8 30a Martinez, An Moon. Uyron. Tracy.
Stockton. Newman. Los llanoa.
Mendota Armona, Hanford,
Vlsalla. Portervllle ... 4,20*
8 30a Port Costa. Modesto, Merced.
Fresno, Goshen Junction, Ran
ford. Vlsslla. Bakersfleld 4.50*
8.30 a Nlles, San Jose. Llvermore, Stock
ton, (tMilton). lone, Sacramento,
mmm Marysvllle. Cblco. lied Bluff .... 4.20"'
■ 30a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown. So
nor*, Tuohunne and Angels S'?2 P
8 00A Atlantic Express—Ogden snd East. 620*
8.30 a Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations 860*
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Omaha, Chicago, Denver, Kansas
]0 oOa Vallejo.: '. .'! ..'.'.'.'.^!!.* '. '. ''. 1"
10 00a Los Anreles Passenger — Port
Costa, Martlucz. Byron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton, Merced,
Raymond, Fresno. Goshen Junc
tion. Hanford, Lemoore, Vtsalla. ___
_ _ Bakersfleld, Los Angeles 7.20*
10.00 a El Paso, Kansas City. St. Louis
and Chicago 7 20»
12.00 m Hayward. Nile* snd Way Stations. 3.20*
tl-OOP Sacramento River Steamers tl LOOS'
3.30P Benlcla, Winters, Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysvllle asd Orovllle 10-50*
3.30* Hayward.Nlles and Way Stations.. 7-60*
S.SOp Pqrt Costa, Martinez, Bvrou.Tracy,
Lathrop, Stocktoa. Modesto,
Merced, Berends and Fresno... 12.20*
4 OOP Martinez,Saa Itamon, Vallejo,Napa,
Caiistega, Santa Rosa 9 20*
4 .OOP If ties, Tracy, Stockton 10 80 A
4 30P Hayward. Nlles. lrvlngton, San I tS-KoA
Jose, LlTermore ) 111.50 a
f .OOP The Owl Limited—Newman. Los
Banoa, Mendota, Fresno, Tulsre,
Bakersfield, Los Angeles - 8 50*
B.oop Golden Sute Limited — El Paso,
Kansas City, St. Louts and
Chicago 8 50a
16 30p Hsyward. Nllea and SaiaJose 7 20a
8- 00p Hayward. Nlles and San Jose 9 50*
$.00P Eastern Express—Omaha. Chicago.
Denver. Kansas City. St. Louis,
Martinez. Stockton, Sacramento.
Colfax, Reno, Sparks, Montello,
' Ogden 1250*
O.OOP Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I . 7 Rft _
7 00p Vallejo, Sunday only f ' 9vm
7 .00p hlchmond, ban Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez end Way Stations 1120 a
7.00p Reno Paasenger—Fort Costa. Be
nlcla. Sulsun. Elmlra, Dixon,
Davis, Bacramento, Sparks, Tono
pah. Goldfleld and Keeler. 7 50a
• 05p Oregon & California Express—Sac
ramento, Marysvllle, Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8.60*
O.IOP Hayward, Nlles and San Jose (Sun
day only) 11-50*
COAST LINE (narrow «, Bg e).
(Foot of Market Street.) _ —
8 15a Newark. Centervliie, San Jose.
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Crnz and Way Stations 6 55*
t2 15p Newark, Centervliie. San Joes,
New Almaden. Loa Gatos,Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Statlona 110-56*
4- 15p Newark. San Joae. Lea Gatos... •: j§ 11*
s9 30p Hunters' Train (Saturday only)—
San .1 o«r and Way Statlona t7-2Sp
COAST LINE (Broad name).
B_T* (Third ami Toivngend Streets.)
8-1 OA Sen Jose sad Way Stations 6 3 n *
7 00a San Jose and Way Statlona . 6 40*
8 00a New Almaden (Tues., Frld.. only). 4.10*
8 00a The Coaster—San Jose, Salinas.
San Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa
Margarita. San Luis Obispo,
Guadalupe. Gavlota, Santa Bar
bars, San Buenaventura,Ojnard,
Barbaak. Loa Angeles 10-30*
8 00a Gllroy, Holllater. Castrovllle, Del
Moute, Pacific Grove, Surf, Lorn
poc 10-30*
B.ooa Ban Jose. Tres Plnos.Watsonvllle,
Capltola. Santa Cruz, Pacific
Grove. Salinas. San Luis Obispo
snd Principal Wat Stations. ... 4.10e
10-30 A San Joae and Way Statlona 1 20s»
11 SO a San Jose and Way Stations 7-30»
2- 15P Ban Joae and Way Statlona 0 30a
3- 00PDel Monte Rxpres*—Snuta Clara,
San Jose. Wataonvllle. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove 1215*
'3 00p Los Gatos. Wright, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cms. via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge -18 48*
1-30* Valencia St.. South San Francisco,
Burllngame. San Jose, Gllroy,
Hoi lister, Trea Pinos 10-45*.
4- 50P s an Jose and Way Stations +8 00*
to-OOP Santa Clara. Saa Joae. Loa Gatos,
and principal Way citations rO.oo*
I63Qp t>a*JoaeanUPrlnctpttiWayStatlons {9.40*
646 P sunset Express.—lied wood. Saa
Joae.Gllroy,Salinas,Taso Hobles,
San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles, Demlng. Xl Paso,
New Orleans 0 10*
6-45P El Paao, Kansas City, St. Louis,
Chlcsgo 10-30*
6.4&P Pajaro, Wataonvllle, Capltola,
bant* Cruz, Caatrovllle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove 10.30*
tS-15P EanMateo.Beresford.Ueltnont.Saa
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 1f.40*
5 30p San Joae aad Way Stations 6-36*
0-OOp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10-15*
11 .30* South San Francisco. Mlllbrse.BuT
lingame, San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto tO-46*
•1130P May field. Mountain View, Sunny
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Joae « tO-48*
OAKLANO HARBOR FERRY '
(Foot of Market St.)
f7. 15 a.m. 0.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
_ 1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. LIB p m,
A for Morning. P for Afternooa.
1 Sunday excepted J Sunday only
c Saturday only. t> Monday only,
ibi.opa at all stations on Sunday.
California northwestern my. Co.
Tlbuxon Perry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS—7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:38.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m, Thursdays—Extra trig,
at 11:80 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
I SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—6:OS. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20 11:10
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 6:20 p. m. '
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:06 and 6:86 p. m»
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:40, 11:16 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40
4:06, 5:06. 6:25 p. m.
Leave ! In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destine- l Sun- I Week"
Days. I daya.l tion. | days, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a I 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p ( 6:o6|p 6:20 p
8:10p 5:00p | 7:35 p
7:30 a 9:10 al 8:40 a
8:00 a Novate 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:06 p 6:20 9
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
6:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a" 10:40 a|lo:2oa
8:00 a Fulton. 7:36pi8:20p
8:30 p 3:30 p \
Windsor. 1
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. |10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
8:30p 3:30p Geyserville, [7:35p 6:20 a
Cloverdale. |
7:30al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 ajl0:20 *
3:30 p| 3:30 pi and Uklah. [ 7:36 pf 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Sherwood. 17:35p[6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 a| 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pi Guernevllle. [ 7:35 pf 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:C0al Sonoma j 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 6:00 pi Glen Ellen. j 6:05 p| 6:20 a
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 all 0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pf Sebaatopol. f 7:35 pf 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagg*
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Durican
Bi;rings, Highland Springs, Kelseyvilie, Carls
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport, Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs,
Cpper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside, Llerly's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin
Heights, Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot Springs, Halfway
House, Comptche, Hopkins, Mendocino City,
Fct Bragg, West port and Usal: at Wllllts for
Fort Bragg, Hea'st and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto. Oovelo LaytonviUe, Cumnungs.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Hubbard, Frultland,
Dyer, Garberville. Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re
duced rates.
On Sunday—Round-trip tickets to all points
bev-md San Rafael at half rates.
ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. I;YAN,
Gen. Manager. Art.
WIT TAM A LPA ISJR AILWAY
*"». Saa Praßtiicg *r- 3u_*nucitcs
%t Days SgnaaTi Sendsjs Vi. tojT
8:2 5a l:»Op
9:60 a m%wW/ >:f,sp »:55p
iVd'sV 1;45p 6:23?
SaturdaTs 4:35p aaturdaTl~TiTia- 
»Tia Sravitj Oar V toliUT'lhs
} 650 Markjtt ST.,(North Shore iUilraaali
OflifllS I and Sausauto Fbrkv, Foot lfariaatSCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks from ]/ 2 to 2 points lower. Cotton weak.
Russian Bonds depressed and Japanese Bonds strong.
Local Stocks and Bonds still active and buoyant.
Silver slightly higher and Sterling Exchange firm*
Wheat, Barley and Oats unchanged and quiet.
Corn quiet and rather lower. Rye sofnezvhat higher.
Wet weather weakening Hay. Bran steady. Beans quiet.
Butter cleaned up and still higher. Eggs quiet and easy.
Provisions still dull here and in the West.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb lotver and arriving freely.
Potai oes and Onions firm and selling well.
Poultry and Game in good demand and firm.
Oranges in good demand and firm. Apples plentiful ana weak.
THE RUSSIAN DISTURBANCE.
How the Financiers Regard the
Situation.
How tha Russian outbreak is viewed on the
bourses is shown in the following wires from
"Wall street to _». F. Hutton & Co. yesterday:
•t> V**^ 3 ' 1 "* b^ nd « depressed and rioting in St.
I eterebuig. Japanese bonds In London strong
on the belief that the Internal troubles of
Russia will lead to peace In the Far East
"A banker who is familiar with Russian af
faire says: Tt is cafe to say that the ma- ;
Jorlty of reports bearing on the uprising in
Russia have been exaggerated. The so-called
revolutionists are unarmed and unorganised
and an overthrow of the present dynasty is !
improbable. It would require comparatively
. fe.w troops to break up a revolution The
Russian uprising Is certainly another step
toward a declaration of peace between Russia
and Japan.'
"The foreign markets were all weak to-day
on the international political troubles and the
situation was reflected here In our prices dur
ing the entire session. Our market was com
pelled to absorb quite heavy offerings of our
active Issues during the early part of the day,
but the securities seemed to be readily taken
without any important declines. The situa
tion appears serious at St. Petersburg, but
we believe events will shape themselves Into
a normal condition within a few days. In
that, case the security markets generally will
reflect the situation by showing material
strength."
EASTERN MARKETS.
Now York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.—Close: Money on
call, steady, 1%@2% per cent; closing hid,
■ 1% : offered. 2.
Time loans easy; sixty days, 2%®2% per
rent: ninety days, 2% per cent; six months,
•3t?3', i>er cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 303% per cent.
Sterling exchange strong, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4.8775#4.8780 for
D : and at $4. for sixty day
bills.
t< ! rates, $4 S6@4 88%.
h en lal bills, $4 85@4 86%.
Rjr silver, 60% c.
\'i xiean .dollars, 47 %o.
Bonds—Governments, steady; railroads, lr
• Now York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.—The revolutionary
• taken by affairs at St Petersburg over
HI Sunday interval proved a disturbing ln
fttienca to-day in all of the world's markets.
• Meet was quite as acute in Wall street
• on. any other market, although the results
to be expected In New York would be less
Lhun in European markets. But the
Kuaaiaa crisis proved to be the deciding factor
.ft, a tendency which was already growing up
•last week New York toward a spirit of hes
. ICation and -~.>i .. k>n. in fact, when our
ftulrket opened the day was already so far
.advanced in St. Petersburg owing to the dif
ference in time that the more tranquil condl
. Uens there were known to be established.
The early .weakness on.foreign stock'markets
. had also" passed away to some extent and
effective recoveries had been achieved. Yet
'prices here broke all the way from 1 to 2% j
points for the prominent active stocks in the i
first few minutes of trading and the feverish !
ti.ntest between the opposing tendencies was
n"t directed in favor of the recovery until the
first hour had about expired. There was some
cibsequential effect on the side of depression
In .the shape of selling for European account
In this market, which reached unusually large
' proportlona But considerable Influence must
.be allowed for the over-extension of business,
buying comkng over from last week's market,
and left in a vulnerable position. Efforts to
Interpret the events in St. Petersburg were
confused and varied. The programme of the
revolutionary propaganda In Russia undoubt
edly Impresses the financial world, but there
. was question whether the Sunday outbreak was
perfectly identified with the revolutionary
movement believed to be in contemplation.
• Sentiment during the day became more re
assured and there was considerable recovery.
The market was not entirely free from its
feverish tone and the disposition was rather
%■> -await events than to enter on new courses.
When the time had passed for the operations
1 for foreign account the tendency, however, was
quite clearly toward recovery. The settle
ment of the threatened Pennsylvania strike
aiid the resumption of operations in the Fall
RJver " cotton mills contributed cheering in
-Huen-fs to the Industrial situation. The local
traction stocks in the advance In sympathy to
the rise in- Interborough Rapid Transit on the
ru'rh to a new high record helped to inaugu
rate the rally and Consolidated Gas joined the
group on the strength of Its annual report.
The effect of the unprecedented loan expansion
oT.last.week by the banks was partly explained
away by attributing It largely to the transfer 1
.of "loans through trust companies, according to
the usual course when money rates become so
cheap, as to be unattractive to those Instltu
. «lons. Weekly discussion by railroad traffic
• "officials confirmed last week's Impression of a
lull in the freight movement both East and
W«est and a decided easing in the ear sup
ply. . The lower level DC railroad earnings
disclosed by the reports for the same week in
• January Is thus made merely to be carried
', over to the third week returns. On the other
. hand the open weather conditions are for ths
■ benefit of operation expenses and the con
servation of net earnings. The selling In the
last ten minutes seemed due to dread of un
. favorable developments over night and It made
' sudden Inroads upon the afternoon recoveries.
The- closing was weak.
Bonds were Irregular. Total sales, par
value. 36,010,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
call.
New York Stock List,
E. F. Hutton Ac Co.. 490 California street.
San Francisco, members of the New York
Stock* Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that exchange:
Bales. STOCKS.
" 27,900 Amalgr Copper .
1,500 Am Car A Ft Co
.100 Do pfd
Am Cotton Oil..
•.. .• Do pfd I
....... Am Dist Tel
Am Express
100; Am Or Twine Co
. .'.'.oblAni Hide * L.. •
2,100 Do pfd I
Ice ...
500 Do pfd
100.1 Am Linseed
2.800.[Am Locomotive.
lOOj Do pfd
....... |Am Malt
Do pfd
7,500l Ani 8m & Rf Co. I
4,ooo[ Do pfd
7,500lAm Sugar .'.
j Do pfd
lOOlAm Tel & T Co.
1.700{Am Tob pfd
4<t0|Am Woolen
800 Anaconda
(Ann Arbor
i Do pfd
6.80/}!A -T * S F
3.4001 Do pfd
ll.SOOIBalt ft Ohio
lOOl De pfd
12,000 B R T
200lBrook Un Gas..
loaiBruns D & I
100 Butterlck Co ...I
Hlgh!Low.! Bid. i Ask.
.(—-I i
73% 73% 78%! 78%
i 82%; 82 31%! 32%
92V4 02% 82% 02%
34 | 34%
j 94 j97
82 50
221 221 221 !220
16% 16% 16 17 '
10% 10% | 10 10%
49 48%! 48% | 49
! ! 6%| 6%
f 37%! 37%j 36%[ 37%
I 17%! 17%! 17 I 18
j 34%l 33%: 34%J 34%
104%!l04%|105 105%
I 7%| 7%
j 25% 26
! 94Hi 82%t S3%! 8B%-
|114%ill3 114 1114%
jl41%!l40%'14t !141%
[137 139
|144%il44% 144 145
I 02%; 92% 02% 93
2:% 21% 21% 22
106%!l00% 105%ll0«
! 1 81 35
..... 62 68
86%! 85%
100 I 99%
102 101% 101% 101%
06% 96%! 96 07
61% 60%l «0%I 00%
206 200 204 |210
i 12 12 ! 11% I 11%
I 60 I 60 I 60 I 63
! 1 69 70
1132%! 131%! 132 1132%
I 48% 48M 1 48%! 48%
41% 41% 41 41%
I ] 80 83
22%! 22% 22%I 22%
67 68
34%l 33%! 34 34%
j I 85 UI 86%
225 220 I2__1_I223
104%!
!
I 34 %|
1114%
I 14, '*i
|l*4%i
IHlghiLow.
I 73% |
! 82%;
92V4
16% 10%
10% 10%
49 48%
16%
toy,
49 j
! !
37%! 37%I
17% I 17%'
84(4 n%\
104%!l04%|
I
!
I 84% I 82%i
114%!ll3
141%jl40%!
i44%|i44%
02%! 92%
2:% 2i%
106%! 100%
L_
86.% 1 85%
100 I 99%
102 101%
96% 96%
01% 60%
206 208
12 ! 12
00 60
132% 1131%
48% 48M
41% j 41%
'_%!_%
'_4%J'33%
73%;
82
92%
ll,50O(Balt ft Ohio
«OAl Tic. T»fd
lOtt JJC pro
12,000 B R T
200Brook Un Gas..
loaiRruns D & I i
lOOlButteriek Co ...
....... [Canada Soutb»m'
7,200ICanad!an Pacific!
43.300!C ft O |
400jC & A I
100! Do pfd
15J.500!C ft G W
,1 Do pfd A
1.000 Do pfd B
■ Do debs
8.50OC A N W
84 200IC M & St P I
J Do Kd I
-11.sonic R I ft P (new)!
300! Do pfd
Do 4s
. 8,S00'Chi-ago Term ..I
11.900! Do pfd
2,fl0OICr.!caB-o Un Tracl
600! Do pfd I
1.700IC C C ft St L..
I Do pfd I
1174% 1173% 1174 1174%
1 !1R5 1189
36%! SR%! 35%) 35%
! 82%"! 82 I 80 ! 83
I I I 82 83
ie" [14%! 15% 15%
| 27%! 24%' 25% 28
I 12 11% 11 11%
47%I 46% 46% 47%
95% I 94% 94% 98
114 120
41%|
'22%
34%
_ieve _or as w.
Do pfd
7,800iColo Fuel & Iron! 46 44%
I Do pfd
lOO Colum H C ft L 15%: 15%
8,600 Colorado So 24%! 23
100 Do 1st pfd ... 62%I 62%
100 Do 2d pfd 36% 36%
6,400jConsol Gas i200%'197%
iCon Tob pfd
l,400[Corn Products
Do pfd
l.OOO'Del & Hudson .. 183 182%
D L & W
p a r a
300 Do pfd 86 85
pes M As Ft D
i Detroit Un Ry '..
800Petroit So 9% 8%
I 1001 Do pfd 33% 33%
, 1,700!Distil Secur 37%! 36%
1,100 Duluth SS ft A. 16%I 16%
3,500 Do pfd 35% 32%
96,400!Erie 41% 39%
8.40O! Do 1st pfd ... 78% 77%
5,400 Do 2d pfd 63% 61%
E & T H
Do pfd
Gen Chem pfd
1,000 Gen Electric ... 186% 185%
Green Cons Cop
Havana Tob Co
Do pfd
100 Hocking Val ..! 87 87
100. Do pfd 90% 90%
3,200|Ullnoi8 Central .'155% 155
600 Inter Paper ....! 22 21U
lOOj Do pfd 77 77
Inter Power
100 Inter Pump j 39 38
Do pfd J
lOOjlowa Central ....( 29%f 29".;
4001 Do pfd 57 50
lOOjKC FtS & M pfd] 82 82
1.100 Kan City so .... 29% 29%
5,400! Do pfd ! 60 68
'Keokuk & D It.
I Laclede Gas pfd.
Lake E & West.
Do pfd
'Long Island
ll,500jLouis A- Nash... |13T%|l30%
3,800!Manliattan jl71%ll69%
Met Securities... 1 76%| 74%
5.700; Met St Ry ;117%|115%!
5,400 Mexican Central.' 23 22
;Mlnn ft St L \
Do 1st pfd j
1.100IM, St P ft S 8 M 94 I 92%
j Do pfd I
1.400'Mo. Kan & Tex.; 81 30%
2.300! Do pfd 65% 64>_
14,!«00l Missouri Pacific.! 106%! 105%
300;Nash, C & St L.140 j 1441
11.000!National Lead...[ 26%; 2H%|
1.000! Do pf 1 u.S%; 98%
800!Nil R R Mex pfd 42 I 41%
300jNational Biscuit. 55 i 54%
eoOiNew Jesaey Oen. 1»5%|194
200,N V Air Brake. 132 |150
4,800iNew York Oen.. 1+4 1142%
200 N V. C 4 St L.. 44 I 43
I Do 1st pfd
New York Deck
lOOiN Y. N H & H..jtOO%|200% '.
3,S00,N Y, Ont & W.I 43% 42%
43,4O0 ; Norfolk * West. 78% 1 77%
I Do pfd
100 North American. 98%{ 98%
lOmaha pfd 1 ]
aS00|O S L 4s 87%j 80%|
(Pacific Coast 81 %i 80%i
Do 1st pfd .....(]
! Do 2d pfd - I I
2.000 Pacific Malt 44 I 48
13..800,P<-nn R R Co.. .'136% (136 ll
2,400 People's Gas |106%^105%^ ,
IP, C, C ft St L. I
400!Pressed Steel Cat*! 36 I 35%
800i Dc pfd j 88%! 88%
IPullmnn Car Co.! j '.
3,100Ry Steel Springsl 34%| 33%
5.0001 Do pfd ! 03% 93
83.360! Read ins; I 88% | 86%
2.3001 Do 1st pfd '«2%i 91%
2,000: Do 2d pfd | 87%j 87%
1,900!Republic S ft I..J 15% 15
4001 Do pfd I 68 I 07
400IRubber Goods... i 26%! 26
j Do pfd
jSIoss S S ft I CO) I
1001 Do pfd 1101 1100
|St J ft O I
Do 1st pfd !
! Do 2d pfd ! J
lOOiStL A SF 1st pfdi 76%, 76%|
700! Do 2d pfd 71 I 70%
2.7O0.St L ft S W 25V 4 25
4,000! Do pfd ! <'1%! 00
3S,300'So_t»ern Pac . .1 65%i 64%
Do pfd 117%'117% 1
16,100'Southern Ry ...i 34%! 33%
LOOM Do pfd j 97%| 36%
2,500iTenn Coal ft I. 70%] 80%
iTexas P L T Col I
2,700iTexas Pacific ...j 34% 33%
Ti'lrd Avenue ..1 '
Toltdo St L & Wl
loo! Do pfd i 53% I 63%
lOnlTwtn ritv R T.I ]
lOOi Union B ft P pfdi 70 I 70
119,100;Union Pacific ... 118%|117 1
300 Do pfd 9S%j 97%
j Do conv 4s -..! i
lUnlted Copper .. |
j United R of S F|
200i Do pfd I 67% 67V4
1.500! U S fast Iron PI 21% 23%
j Uo.pfd j I
4,30O|U S Leather 13%l 12%
1.200! Do pfd |ioi%Iioih':
1J600IO S Rubber 1 36% 34%
0O0| Do pfd 1 91* 98% I
48.1 r s SK-el Cor... 2S»% 2s",.
70.3001 Do pfd 193% 92%
l.oOO Va-Car Chem Co; 35% 35
300| Do pfd 106 105 1
300 Wabash I 21 % 21
400 De pfd I 42% 42%
Do deb Bs
Wells Fargo Ex. '.
100 Western Union..! 92% 02
1,100 Westlnghouse .-|179%178
Do 1st pfd
300 W ft L E I 18% 18
Do 1st pfd
200 Do 2d pfd ... 25% 25%
Wisconsin Cen
Do pfd
i.ooo
i no
100
.......
"7,800
inn
100
8,600
' i,400
' i.000
•inn
300
''"800
100
1,700
1,100
46"'
!
WO**
.....
I 08 '
t
9%
33%
87U
16%
85%
41%
78%
63%
:
*2%
J 77%
98%
i'80%
80%
I
1 22%
54
! 85
H3
148
80%
84%
108%
t to
I 25%
08%
I 41%;
i 54
43%
92
08%
195
I 80
♦2%
180%
108%
: 80%
|103%
+5%
86
15
62
36%
199%
(ISO
75%
75%
182%
26
32%
41
87
90
155
a*
63
38
86%
■ 20%
68%
, g_*
29%
58%
13
90
37
A3
150
141!
42
115
10'
31 %
85
81
76%:
9 !
33%
38%
16%
34%
40%
78
62
70
85
|170%
I 76
i'22%
I 90
! 84
1150
30%
I 65%
] 106
1141
_5%
98%
42 %
54%
196
152
148%
I "13
120
2« K,
•_(X>%
I 77%
I 93
i 09
140
70
76
183%
341
186
26%
34
44
88
92
155%
22
77%
71
39
87
[ 30
57
82
29%
I 59
17
15%
'62%
37
86
87
77%
9%
34%
37
16%
34%
40%
78%
62%
81
si
.....
I I
\M I
105%
!'s_%j
! 86%
I 4 " {
188%
106%
80
36
I
j 33%
93
I 86%
n
to
| 07
26
33% 34
j 93%' 94
! 8« | 87%
j 91% ( 92%
86% ! 87%
15% I 18%
67% 68%
88 26%
j 70 71
j 61 61%
1100 |104%
I 15% J 17
55 58
j 27 I 28
I 78% I 77
70% 71
', 25% 25%
1 60 I 61
04% i 65
117% hiTH
83% 33%
55% 07
35% 36%
52% 5!%
105 105%
00% 70 %
117% 117%
97% 90
117% 118
17 IS
22%; 23%
„% 67%
23% 24
84% 81%
12% 13
101% 101%
:;r,. 4
I 9»v. un
| 28% 28%
92% 92%
105 t(!o%
21 21%
42% 42%
66U, 117%
240 "]250
92 02%
178 178 >{,
187 ISO
18% 19
1 45 45%
25% 26%
21 22
I 44 45%
!
!ioo !
!
I I
I i
, 76% |
70%
' 25
08
I 64%
117%
! 33%
I 96 %
| 6!»%
l'33%
i
| I
I 03%
I 70
I
| : «7U|
: 23%i
12:V
Iioih'
34%
.
2s%"
. »2%
35
105
21
42%
02''
178
is' j
25 %
I I
968,100—Total shares sold. ,
New York Bonds.
U 8 ref 2s reg. .104%|Japan 6e. cert 97
Do coupon 104%{1. & N unified 45.1(Vl
Do 3s reg 103%|Man eon gold 45.10*1
Do coupon. LQ4%|Mex Central 45... 74%
Do new 4s reg. 1304! Do Ist Inc 24
Do coupon 131% I Minn & St I. 45.. 99%
Do old 4s reg.lo3%!M, X Ms Texas 4s. 101
Do coupon 105% l Do 2ds si!% !
Amer Tob -is, cert 73%|NR_of Mcx con 4e 82% ,
Do 6s cert 112 IN T C gen 3%5..100%!
Atch gen 4s 103%1N-'J C gen 5s 1:15%
Do adj 4» 95% I Nor Pacific 4s 105%
Atlantic C L, 4b,102 i Do 3s 77%
Bait & Ohio' 4S. .104%|Nor & W. con 45.102 : 1 i
Do 3'/.s 95%!0 S D reMg 45... 97%
Central of Ga 6s.li"%!Pa cony 3%s 100
Do Ist mc 91 llteadlng gen 4c...102%'
Do 2d "Inc 70 |S I. & I M con 5«.117'*
Ches & Ohi.- S I. & S F fg 4s. 90%
Chi St Alton 3%5. 82% Ist T, S W con 4s. 82%
C. B & Q new 49.100%!Seabonrd A L, 4s. *8 U,
C. R T & Pac 4s. 82%l?o Pacific 4s 97
Do col 5s 96'i|So Railway 5s 119"4'
O.C.C St SUgn 4s.lc2%TfX « Pac lsts..l2tt%
Chi Term 45..... 99 |Tol. St I, St W 4s. 84
Colo Midland 45.. 74% C'nlon Pacific 4s. 105
Colo St So 45.... f>2 I Do cony 4a 117%
Cuba ss. cert 106 iT 8 Steel 2d 55.. 93%
Den & Rio G 4s. 101 %!Wabash lsts 118%
Dlst Securities 5s 80 | Do deb B 67
Erie prior lien 4s.lol%!Western Mrt 4a... 98%
Do Ken 4s 91%,'W & L Erie #J>i^*M'
F W & D C lsts.llO% , Wls Central 45... 91%
Hock Val 4%5...109%|
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 201 Little Chief 05 i
Alice 60!Ohtarlo 8 50
Brecce 20|Ophlr 6 00 I
Bruns Con 08IPhoenix 09 j
Com Tunnel 10!Potosi 12
Con Cal St Va... 1 55|Savage 25
Horn Silver 1 65ISIerra Nevada.... 401
Iron Silver 2 001 Small Hopes 26 ]
Con 02|8tandard 1 50 j
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steal 28%
Call loans 2%«t3 Do pfd 92%
Time loans 3 ©iWestlng Common. 90
Bonds— I Mining:—
Atchison 4s 102%IAdventure 6%
Do adj 4s 95 lAllouez 19%
Mox Central 45.. 76 lAmal Copper .... 73-
Railroads— I Amer Zinc 12%
Atchison 85% I Atlantic 16
Do pfd 99% j Bingham 32%
Boston St Albany.2s6 ICalumet & Hecla.67s
THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 2ft, 1905.
Boston St Maine.l 74 'Centennial 2014 ■
Boston Elev 157% Copper Range ... 66
Fltchburg pfd 144 Daly West 15%
Mcx Central 22% Dorn Coal 60
NY,N H St H..201 Franklin 11
Pere Marquette.. 96% Granby 5% !
Union Pacific 117% Isle Royale 25
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 9%
Artier Arge Chem. 20% Michigan 4%
Do pfd 87% Mohawk 62%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal St Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 140% Old Dominion ... 20
Do pfd 138%! Osceola 93
Amer Tel St Tel. 144% Parrot 29
Amer Woolen ... 21% Qulncy ......105
Do pfd 94 Shannon 8
Dom Iron St 8... 18 Tamarack ........127
Eel Bteot Ilium. .253% Trinity 7%
Gen Electric 185% U 8 Mining 22%
Mass Electric 14% U 8 Oil 10% !
Do pfd 60 Utah 41% i
Mass Gas 38% Victoria 0 1
United Fruit 106 Winona 11% !
Un Shoe Mach... 68% Wolverine 107
Do pfd 38 |
London Closing Stocks.
Cons m0ney...87 11-161N V Central 146%
Do acct 67%!N0r St Western... 80
Anaconda 6%| Do pfd 94
Atchison 88%iOnt & Western... 44%
Do pfd 102% |Pennsylvania 70
Bait & Ohio 104% Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 135% Reading 45% I
Ones & Ohio 49% Do Ist pfd 47
Chi Great West.. 23 Do 2d pfd 44% I
Chi, Mil St St P. 179 So Railway SB ;
De Beers 17% i Do pfd 9!)
Den St Rio G 32%150 Pacific 66% '
Do pfd 77% [Union Pacific 120%
Erie 41% Do pfd 10r>
Do Ist pfd 80 |U S Steel 2»% I
Do 2d pfd...... 6'lU,' Db pfd 05UJ
111 Central 168%! Wabash 22
Louis & Nash 144 ' Do pfd 4".
Of. X & Texas... 32 ISpanlsh 4s 89%
Bar sliver—Firm; 28d per ounce.
Money—l% ©2 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent and for three
months' bills 2%<ff2 9-16 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.—T0-day's state- '
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of »he $150,000,000 gold re- 1
serve In the division of redemption, shews
available cash balance, $137,27t>,899- gold '
$56,254,540.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.—Cotton—Spot closed
quiet, 15 points lower; middling uplands, 7c;
middling Gulf, 7-25 c; sales. 1600 bales.
Cotton futures opened weak; January, 6.5Hc;
February. 6.55 c bid; March, 6.67 c; May, 6.76 c;
June, 6.78 c; July, 6.85 c; August, 6.88 c; Sep
■ember, 6.92 c.
Cotton futures closed steady; January. 6.50 c;
February. 6.53 c; March, 6.59 c; April, 0.64 c; '
May, 6.67 c; June. 6.72 c. •
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23—FLOUR—Receipts,
14,200 barrels; exports, 8100. Steady, but
dull. m
WHEAT—Receipts, 13.050 bushels, "pot,
firm; No. 2 red, nominal elevator and $1 20%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 25%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, ?1 11%
f. o. b. afloat. Options had a firm start on
the bullish cable news and small world's
shipments, but sustained a severe break under
heaviness in the Northwest, liquidation and
larger spring receipts. Following this came ,
a second fidvance on a scare of shorts and the ;
market closed firm at %c net advance. May,
$1 U%#l 14%, closed $1 14%; July, $1 01%<3> !
1 C 2%, closed at $1 0214.
HOPS—Steady.
PETROLEUM- Steady.
HlDES—Quiet.
WOOL—Firm. |
COFFEE—Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice,
B%c: mild, quiet. The market for futur s
closed stead>, net 5 to 10 points lower. Total
sales were reported at 211.000 bags, including:
Moreh. 7.40©7.50 c; April. 7.60 c; May. 7.70®
7.80 c, July. 7.9006 c: September. 8.10@8.20c; :
October, S2C«iß.26e; November. 8.25 c. and De
cember, 8.35 c.
SUGAR—Raw. steady; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES—The market is not
mote than moderately active, but demand Is
ateady and arlces well maintained. Common
are quoted at 44?5%c; prime, 5%i£5%c: choice, ,
6*4080. and fancy, 6%®7c.
PRUNES—Continue weak. There is a little
more Inquiry reported, but buyers and sellers
are saia to be apart in their views. (Quotations
on spot range from 2c tp 5%c, according to
grade.
APRICOTS—Are firm, with business re
strlct'd by the small offerings at present
prices. Choice are quoted at to<g/10%c; extra
choice. 11«J12c. and fancy, 12ffrl5c.
PEACHES—AIso are firm, with choice quot- .
ed at 9 Vie: extra choice, 10%@10%c, and
fancy, 11%@12c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.'i.—The London tin mar
ket was easier, closing at £1.30 for spot and
£129 12s 6d for futures. Locally the market
was unsettled by the lower cables and recent
arrivals for nearby delivery and • closed at
$28 25@29 50 for spot.
Copper was also lower In the English mar
ket, closing at £68 2s 2d for spot and at
£68 for futures. Locally the market is quiet,
but Is firmly held. Lake Is quoted at $15 50,
electrolytic at $15 37%@15 60 and casting at
$158 15 25
Lead declined about 2s 6d in London, closing
at £12 15s. Locally the market was quiet
and lower also, with spot quoted at $4 45(g
--4 55, the Inside price being for full car lots.
Spelter was unchanged at £24 17s 6d In Lon
don and $0 1004 30 In the local market
Iron ciosed at 53s (id In Glasgow and at
48s 3d in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron continued
firm. No. 1 foundry northern is quoted at
$17 60837 95; No. 2 northern at $17 30; No. 1
foundry southern and do soft at $17 "SfH'lS. 1
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.—The visible supply .
of grain Saturday. January 2, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, follows:
liushels. Increase. Decrease, a
Wheat 31J.35:i,000 ' 202,000
Corn 11.542.000 263,000
Oats 10,395,000 94!>,t;yO
Rye 86,866.000 5i.t;00 i
Rarley 6,011.000 46<>.00t>
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
~ !
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 23.—Possibility oi a de- |
create In shipments from Russia as a result j
of public disorder caused a tiron», tlniEh in
the wheat market here to-day. At the clo»e ,
the May delivery was up vale, corn la up j
%w%d. oats show a gain ot £c and provisions :
aie up 5c to 7%c. !
The strength with which the wheat market
closed was not In evidence earlier in the ses- ,
slon. At the opening the sentiment In the
pit was Inclined to bearishness in spite of
the bullish tendency of weekly statistics. <
World's shipments were considered small, and i
the amount on passage was coresponalngly <
light. As an offset, however, receipts In the 1
Northwest showed decided Increases, In con- '
Sequence the market at Minneapolis was gen- '
eraily weak. Traders here were more Inclined •
to be governed by domestic conditions than by
the foreign situation. Opening quotations on 1 '
May were a shade higher to %t*%c lower at (
$1 13% to $1 14%. While the pit crowd gen- I 1
eraily was bearish the desire on the part of
many traders to sell wheat short was held In !
check by a rumor that a leading long was sup- !
porting the market. Selling was likewise re- •; ,
strained by the critical condition of affairs in ' •
Russia. A tear was entertained that further
violence might result disastrously to Russia's I
commerce and perhaps cause a stoppage of !
grain exports from that country. After trad- ]
Ing was well under way sentiment became a
little firmer. May advancing to $1 14%. Weak
ness of Northwestern markets, however; was 1
a constant drag on prices here, and with the ' i
announcement of liberal primary receipts
commission houses turned active sellers. Un- ; 1
der this pressure May declined to $1 13%.
Late in the day. however, the market devel
oped considerable activity with • a sharp rise |
in values. Dispatches from St. Petersburg
added to the anxiety of shorts, advices assert- /
Ing a renewal of disturbances at the
capital. From $1 13% May quickly advatlWd
to $1 15%. May closed almost at the highest ,
point of the day, the quotations on May being
81 15. Clearances of wheat and flour were |
equal to 60,600 bushels. The amount on pas- 1
sage decreased 1,536,000 and the visible supply' i '
decreased 202,000 bushels. Primary receipts ' :
were 926,900 bushels, compared with 189 500 i
bushels a year ago. Minneapolis, Duluth and 1
Chicago reported receipts ' 931 cars, against ' 1
676 cars last week and 461 cars a year ago, ! '
Pit traders were free sellers of corn early In j
the session, resulting In some weakness, but !
later the market became somewhat firmer. 1 1
May opened unchanged. %c higher at 44 %o !
to 44%®44%c, sold up to 46c and closed at 1
the top. Local receipts were 347 cars.
A steady tone prevailed In the oats market
and .trading was .largely of scalping character.
May opened unchanged to a shade higher at 1
30%p30%c, sold between 30% c and 81c and
closed at 30%@31c. Local receipts were 142
cars. 1
A gain of 10c in the price of hogs at the
yarda caused fairly active covering of pro
visions by shorts, resulting In a firm market.
At the close May pork was up 17 %c at $12 95.
Lard was up 6@7%c at $7 02%. Ribs were 1
10c higher at $6 85<8>6 87%.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow: Wheat,
85 cars: corn, 537 cars; oats, 166 care; hogs,
37.000 head.
The leading futures ranged aa follows: I
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 1 14% 1 15% 1 13% 1 15
July 98% 08% 67% 98%
Corn No. 2—
January 42% 42% 42% 42%
May 44% 46 44% 46^
July *. 44% 48% 48 45%
Oats No. 2—
January 80%
May 30% 31 60% 31
July 30% 81 80% 31
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 12 77%
May 12 80 12 85 12 80 12 95
Lard, per 100 lbs-
January 6 77% 6 82% 6 77% 6 82%
May 6 97% 705 6 87% 7 02%
July 7 10 7 15 7 10 7 15
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
January 4 62%
May 680 6 87% 6 77% 6 89%
July 6 92% 7 00 6 92% 700
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Jan. 23.—Cash quotations were as
I follows: Flour, dull; No. 2 spring wheat, 11 13
I 01 14%: No. 3, $1 0201 14: No. 2 red. fl 15%©
i 118%; No. 2 corn, 43c; No. 2 yellow, 43%e;
i No. 2 oats, 30% c; No. 2 31®32c; No. 3
white, 30031 c; No. 2 rye, 75®75%c; good feed
] Ing barley. 37c: fair to choice malting, 43048 c;
I No. 1 flaxseed, $1 15; No. 1 Northwestern,
$121%; prims timothy seed. $2 80; mess pork,
per barrel, $12 75012 SO; lard, per 100 pounds,
j $6 82%; short ribs aides (loose). $fl 37%®6 62%;
I short clear sides (boxed), $8 62%06 75; whisky,
I basis of high wines, $123; clover, contract
grade, $12 75.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
; Flour, barrels 21.900 10.000
! Wheat bushels 27,000 27.400
i Corn, bushels 371,800 102.300
| Oats, bushels 174,000 73,000
! Rye, bu3hols 3,000 2.100
Barley, bushels 02,400 1,600
Butter, Cheese and Egg*.
CHICAGO, Jan. 23— On the Produce Ex
! change to-day the butter market was quiet.
1 Creameries 18029 c; dairies, 18®24c. Eggs,
i firm at mark, cases included, 18023 c. fine 24c,
prime firsts 2<lc extras 28c. Cheese, active,
, 11012 c.
ELGIN. HI.. Jan. 23. —Butter, firm and un
' changed at 29% C. Sales for the week were
j 438,4C0.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
1 CHICAGO, Jan. 2.'!. —CATTLE — Receipts,
32,000. Steady to 15c lower, Good to prime
steers, $5 7000 28; poor to medium, $3 750 5 00;
1 strckerst and feeders, $22804 25; cows, $125®
140- heifers, $2® 5 10: canners, $1 250 2 45;
i bulls, $2 ICS*; calves, 83 9007.
I HOGS —Receipts: To-day, :>3,000; to-morrow,
30,000. Market 10c higher. Mixed and buten
ers $441004 75; good to choice heavy, $4 70®
i 1 So; rough heavy, $4 5804 70; light. $4 50®
r 4 So; bulk of sales, 14 050 4 80.
SHEEP—Receipt". 25,000. Sheep and lambs,
I 10c lower. Gcod to choice wethers. $50 5 50;
fair to choice mixed, 840600; Western sheep,
is 4 25®5 6<); native lambs, $5 7507 75; Western
lambs, $5 75fy7 05.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 23. —CATTLE—
Receipts. 10,000. Steady to 10c lower. Native
steers, *.'< SO'i?." 7.": native cows and heifers.
$1 7504 50; Blockers and feeders, $304 25;
bulls, $2 5004; calves. $306 50: Western fed
steers. $4 5005 25; Western fed cows, $20 3 75.
HOGS —Receipts, 7500. 5c higher. Bulk of
sales. $4 6004 80; heavy! $4 7504 85; packers,
$4 8804 SO; pigs and light, $4«i * 75.
sheep—•Receipts, 0000. Steady, active.
Muttons, $4 5005 75; lambs, $«@7 50; range
wethers, $5®6 CO; fed ewes, $4 2505 15.
OnutUa.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Jan 23— CATTLE— Re
ceipts 3100. Heavy easier. Nali\e steers,
$3 5006 75; coy-s» an 1 heifers. $2 50®4 10: West
ern stetsrs, $J 50iy2 50; stackers and feeders,
$2 6004 10; calves, $2 5005 75; bulls and stags,
$202 00.
ij ( ,GS—Receipts. 5800. Market 5c higher.
Heavy, 64 0604 78; mixed, $4 0004 05; light,
$4 600460; pigs. $.1750 4 25; bulk of sales,
SI 0004 05.
SHEEP—Receipts. 6000. Steady. Western
yearlings. $6 5000 36; wethers, $305 60; ewes,
$4 2.">-<j4 40; lambs, $6 4007 50.
MISCELLANEOUS MAKKETS.
.Foreirrn Futures.
LIVERPOOL
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 71% 7% 7%
( losing 7 1 ]| 7 % 7 Vs
PAR'S.
Wheat— Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 23 70 24 66
Closing 23 65 24 00
Flour—
Opening 31 05 32 15
Oh sing 30 80 32 05
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Jan. 23.—The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 12,982
bales. There was a general demand for a
good selection of New South Wales and
Queensland greasy Mrrinos al firm rates.
Faulty descriptions were steady. Scoureds
were "difficult to buy at late rates, croesbreds
hardening under an animated buying. Ameri
can buyers secured tine Merinos. crossbreds
and haifbreds. Cape of Good Hope and Natal
were steady at full rates.
London Stock Market.
LONDON. Jan. 23.—Trading on the Stock
Exchang to-day opened flat, but prices quick
ly steadied when it developed that the Rarls
Bourse was remaining calm and had not sent
any selling orders Russians opened at 87,
but promptly Improved to 88 and 89.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOT'IS. Jan. 23.—W001, nominal. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 23029 c;
light fine, IS<fT22%c; heavy fine, 14(3l8c; tub
washed, 27041 c.
Northern Who*it Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. S3. -WHEAT—WaIIa
Walln S3c; biuestem, SSc; valley, 87c.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Jan. 23.—WHEAT—Unchanged;
brtiestem, 90c; clvb 85c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Jan. 23.—Clearings, $803,023;
balances. $185,501.
TACOMA J.in. 23.—Clearings, $539,792:
balances, $35,082.
PORTLAND Jan. 23.—Clearings. $656,385:
balances $50,390.
SPOKANE. Jan. 23.-Cleat ings. 6885.290;
balances, 6110.070,
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange wss firm and Silver was
slightly higher.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. .$4 S3%S? —
Sterling Exchange, slj-'ht 4 87%®l 88
Sterling Exchange cables 4 88%®4 89
New York Exchange, sight 07%® -- j
New York Exchange, telegraphic 10 0 —
Silver per ounce 00%® —
Mexican Dollars 47%@ — 1
INT EKNATIONAL
New York on Paris 5.14%
New York on Mexico , 202
Pnrls on London 25.13
Berlin on London 20.46
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT —Liverpool futures were firmer.
Chicago was about lc higher. This market
showed no change of any consequence and was
dull and largely nominal, as it was the first
day in the Grain Exchange's new quarters
and the members were busy securing their
tables. _ .
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 5001 52%; California .
White Australian, $1 62%@1 65; Northern
Club, $1 52%®1 55; Northern Biuestem,
61 6G®l 66%; Northern Red. $1 47% per ctl. ,
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close, i
May $1 46% $1 46% $1 46% $1 46%
December—No sales: $1 30% bid.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
Hay $1 46% $1 47% $1 46% $1 47 ;
December ... 1 30% 1 31% 1 30% 1 31% |
BARLEY—As It was the first day of the
Grain Exchange in Its new building and the
members were arranging for their tables, there
was very little trading and the market stood j
about as before.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 1501 18%; Brewing and Shipping,
$1 »rf©l 22%; Chevalier, $1 2001 25 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May—No sales; $1 17% bid.
December ... 86% 96% 96% 96%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May—sl 18 bid, $1 18% asked.
December... 96% 97% 96% 67%
OATS—The week opened with but little
going on, for the reason mentioned under the
head of Wheat. Over 6000 ctls came In from
Washington.
White $1 4501 57%; Surprise. $1 65®1 60;
Red for feed. $1 45@1 50 for No. 1 and
$1 4001 42% for No. 2; choice, for seed,
$1 5001 55; Black, $1 35@1 45 for feed and
$1 5001 05 for seed; Eastern White. $1 42%®
1 45 per ctl.
CORN —Twelve hundred centals came In I
from the East. The market continues quiet
and easy with quotations a fraction off.
Western sacked. $1 2501 27% for New Yel
low and White and $1 22%fif.l 25 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 27%®l 32%; small
round do, $1 6601 80; White, $1 25@1 30;
Egyptian. $1 35®1 37% for White and $1 17%
01 20 for Brown. _
RYE—Higher at $1 4601 50 per ctl. with a
•ale of choice at $1 SO.
BUCKWHEAT—SI 7501 86 per ctl.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR—California Family Extras, $4 80®
6 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 7005;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $404 50
per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS—Prices In packages
are as follows: Graham Flour. $3 60 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. $3 78 (in barrels $4 76): Rye
Meal, $3 60 (in barrels $4 80); Rice Flour,
$8; Corn Meal. $2 60; extra cream do, $3 70;
Oat Meal. $4 25@4 50; Oat Groats. $4 50;
Hominy, $3 7504; Buckwheat Flour, $4 509
4 75; Cracked Wheat $4; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. S3 75; Rolled Oats. bbls. $6 50®
7 50; In sacks. $6@7; Pearl Barley, $6;
Split Peas, boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. 35 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedatnffs.
Bran is Quoted steady enough, but the Hay
market Is quoted dull and easy by most
handlers, though prices are not actually lower.
The abundance of rain and green feed is af
fecting the market.
BRAN—S2OO2I 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS—S2SO26 per ton.
SHORTS—S2OO2I 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS —Rolled Barley. $24 60025 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 s<Xq>
32 50; jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake, $23324;
Cocoanut Meal, $24020; Corn Meal, $31 50®
82; Cracked Corn. 832032 50; Mixed Feed. $22
023; Horse Beans, $30040 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAT—Wheat. $10015; Wheat and Oat,
$10014; Oat, $9®12 50; Parley and Oat. $8®
10; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7010; stable. fftJIO;
stock, $6®7 50; Clover, $7010; Alfalfa, $9012
per ton.
STRAW—3SO6Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Receipts of Beans are not heavy, but the
demand is light and prices show no change.
BEANS— Bayos $2 7503; Pea, $3 2603 50;
J utter $3®3 25; small White. $3 2503 40;
targe White. $2 450 2 65; Pink. $3 4003 60;
Red, $4 7505; Lima. $4 05®4 10; Red Kidneys
$4 2504 50; Blackeyes, $2 5002 60 per ctl;
Horse Beans. $1 85@2 40.
SEEDS—Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard, ,T-i®3%c; Flax, $2@2 75; Canary,
6%c: Alfalfa, 12%®13c; Rape, 1%®2%c;
Timothy. 5%c; Hemp 3%®3%c per lb; Mil
let. 2%©3% c; Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS—Nlles, $1 75®2 50; Greea
Peas. $1 75@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market was active and Arm for
good stock, with the best offerings of table
kinds selling off well at or near the outside
quotations. Receipts from the river districts
were liberal, but as most of them were re
ceived by a few handlers who controlled tho
market prices were pretty well maintained.
Two cars of choice Sweets were on sate and
cleaned up readily at improved prices. Onions
were in demand and firm at a higher range.
Three carloads came in from the north.
The principal train with fresh supplies of
southern vegetables was delayed and as a re
sult fresh stock was scarce and firm during
the early trade, but the market weakened upon
the arrival of the belated train, which brought
a good supply of most descriptions. Some
choice Bell Peppers were offering at 10®12%c
per pound, but sold slowly.
POTATOES—Burbanks from the river 76®
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25@1 40 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks $1 20<ffil 30 per ctl:
River Reds, 55005 c per ctl; Early Rose $t 25
@1 30 per ctl; Garnet Chiles $1 40@1 50 per
ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $101 10 per ctl.
ONIONS—S2 5C®2 70 per ctl.
VEGETABLES —Green Peas. 3@sc per lb;
String Beans. 6®12%c per lb; Wax Beans, 5®
8c; Tomatoes, $1 250 1 50 per box or crate;
Summer Squash 75090 c per box; Ho - house
Cucumbers. $1 25@1 50 per dozen; Cabbage, 50c
per ctl; Carrote. 30040 c per sack; Garlic,
9©loo per lb; Egg Plant. 7®«c per lb; Dried
Peppers, I(o]2"ic for sun-dried and 13014 c
per lb for evaporated; Green Peppers, 507 c
per lb; Mushrooms. s@loe per lb; Marrowfat
and Hubbard Squash. $10012 per ton.
Poultry am! tin me.
Trade In Poultry' continued under favorable
conditions, the market being active and firm
for all descriptions of live stock. Two car
loads of Western were marketed and cleaned
up readily at good prices. Quotations for do
mestic stock were largely nominal, as only 9
coops came in and the market had previously
been quite bare. Game was" In light receipt
and firm at unchanged prices.
POULTRY—Dressed Turkeys. nominal;
Live Turkeys. lN®2oc per lb; Geese, per pair,
$202 50: Goslings. ; Ducks. $B@6 per
dozen for old and $6117 for young; Hens, $4 50
05 50 for small and $5 5006 50 for large;
young Roosters. $807; old Roosters. $4 5005;
Fryers. $4 5C05 50; Broiler?, $.J"j4; Pigeon«,
$101 25; Squabs $202 50.
GAME—Ms Hard Ducks, $3«:4 per dozen: Can
vasback $2 5004 50: Teal, $1 7502; Sprig.
$2 Gray Ducks. $2 50; Widgeon,
$1 5001 75; Red Heads $2 50: Black Jacks.
$1 50- small Ducks. $1 25: Gray Geese $3:
White Geese, 75c®$l 50; Brant. $2 50 for large
and $1 25 for small: Honkers. $3 5005; Snipe,
$3 for English and $1 50 for common; Hare.
$2; Rabbits, $2 50 for Cottontails and $1 50
for Brush.
Butter. Cheese and Fags.
The opening of the week found Butter a
very scarce article among the commission
merchants, with prices still higher and the
market stiff. Steamers expected did not ar
rive, being delayed by rough weather outside
and an urgent demand for Portland, Puget
Sound and Loe Angeles, to say nothing of a
good local demand, kept the doors hare of
good stock. Even higher prices than those
quoted below were obtained by some houses,
who took advantage of the scarcity to ptit the
screws on the market. The current rise has
led to an improved demand for storage cubes,
wh! h are again coming out of store fr-ely.
There was no fuither decline in Eggs and
most houses repTirtsd a fair movement though
the advertisement of a large retail house,
offering the nubile the best ranch at 25c. tend
ed to unsettle the situation. Receipts were
free for Monday, as will be seen. Eastern
Eggs are well cleaned up and Arm.
There was nothing new in Cheese.
Receipts were 31,500 lbs Butter, 60S cases
Eggs and 8800 lb.- Cheese.
BUTTER—Creamery at first hands. 26®27c
for extras and 24®25c for lower to medium
grades: dairy, 19©24 c: cold storage, 22c; store
Butter. 14016 c; Eastern cubes, nominal; East
ern ladle-packed. 15(516c.
CHEESE—IOOIIc for fair to choice mild
new and 10c for old; Young Americas. ll®l2c;<
Eastern, 13015 c per lb.
EGGS —Ranch. 24026 c for good to choice
anil 22%02-30 for common; store Eggs. 22%®
2lo; cold storage, nominal; Eastern, nominal
nt 23tf?24c. per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Yesterday's auction sale of Oranges was the
largest and. according to the managers of the
auction company, the most satisfactory since
the opening of the season. Jobbers purchased
more freely than heretofore in expectation of
a better consumptive demand and prices
showed 'some improvement over the last sale.
Six cars of Navels were sold as follows:
Fancy. $1 .'lOOl 70: choice. $1 10ffl 40; stand
ard. $1 0601 20. A rtraight carload of Tan
gerines sold at 760004 per half box. In the
open market standard Navels led In point of
demand,, while the upper grades were still
quiet. The Apple market continued weak,
with stocks liberal and several handlers were
shading the quotations in order to effect sale*.
Ripe Bananas were plentiful again and rather
weak.
APPLES—SI 5001 75 per box for fancy,
$1 1801 50 for choice anil 85c®$l for common;
Lady Aoples. $lrdl 50 per box.
CITRUS FRVlTS—Oranges, Navels. $1 4(l®
1 75 per box for fancy and Si 2501 50 for
choice and $101 25 for standard; Seedlings.
75c®$l; Tangerines. Aoc®sl; Japanese Man
datins. 75c; Lemons. $2®2 50 for fancy. $1 25
©1 75 for choice and $I@l 25 for standards;
Grape Fruit. $1 50®2; Mexican Limes. $4 50tt
5 per case; Bananas. $1 750 2 75 per bunch for
Central American and $101 75 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples. $1 5002 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Rabins, Honey.
FRUlTS—Apricots. 8011 c for Royals and 11
©12% c for Moorparks; Nectarines 6%®8%c
for White and 6%«T7%c for Red; Peaches 7%@
9%c per lb; Pears, 7012 c; Plums, pitted. 4©
6c for black, 5%07c for red and 4%©6 c
for yellow; Figs. 2-crown bricks, 46c; 3-crown,
60c; 4-crown, 60c; 6-crown. 05c; bulk whtte,
2%03c; black. 2%®5%c; Evaporated Apples,
40>6c per lb.
PRUNES—!%OI%c per tb for the four sizes
and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS—I9O4 crop f. o. b. Fresno—lmpe
rial clusters. $2 2502 50; Dehesa, $1 30@1 35;
London Layers. 85c®$l; Loose Muscatels, 4
crown. 5®6 l >4c; 3-crown. 4%c; 2-crown. 3©3% c;
Seeded 4%®6c; Thompson's Seedless, 4%®
4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 3®sc per 'b.
NUTS—Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@13c; No.
2. 10011 c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2, 10c;
Almonds, 16®17c for Nonparlels. 14014 %c for
I X L. 13%@14%c for Ne Plus Ultra and 11c
for languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern:
Pecans. 11013 c; Cocoanuts, $4 5605; Chest
nuts, 709 c per lb for Italian.
HONEY—Comb, 11%® 15c for white and 10®
11c for amber; water whtte extracted, 5%©
6%c; light amber extracted, 5®5%»c; dark. 30
4%c
BEESWAX—27O29c per lb.
Provisions.
There was nothing new In any of the mar
! kets yesterday. Trade here continued quiet.
CURED MEATS—Bacon. 10c per Ib for
I heavy, 10c for light medium, 12c for light,
12% c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides, 9c; Bellies. 11c; Eastern sugar
cured Hams 12 to 14 lbs, 12c; 16 to 16
i lbs ll%c; it to 20 lbs, 11c; California
Hams. 11 %c; Mess Beef. $10010 50 per bbl;
. extra Mess. $10 50@11; Family. $12012 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear. $22;
Mess. $16 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5;
: Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD —Tierces quoted at 5%c per lb for
! California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and B%c for pure; half-barrels, pure. B%c; 10-
Ib tins 9%c; JLlb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins, 9%c.
C"OTTOLENE*-One half barrel. B%c; three
! half barrels. B%c; one tierce. B%c; two tierces,
B%C; Aye tierces. B%c per lb.
Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS —Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotattona. Heavy salted
Steers, 12c; medium. 11c; light, 10% c; Cow
Hides 10% c for heavy and 10c for light;
Stags 8c; Salted Kip,-He; Salted Veal. 11 %c;
Salted Calf, 12% c; dry Hides, 18c; dry Kip,
' 16c; dry Cajf, 22c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 26®
40c each; short Wool. 50075 c each; medium,
j 90c©$l 10; long Wool, $1 1501 75; Horse
Hides salt $3 for large and $2 60 for me
dium.' $1 5002 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 25®
1 50 for medium, $1 for small. 50c for Colte.
i Buck Skins —Dry Mexican. 30c: dry salted
1 Mexican, 26c; dry Central American, 30c;
■ Goat Skins —Prime Angoras, 76c; extra large
do $1 25. large, 80c; medium 36c: smaU. nan.
TALLOW—No. 1 rendered, 4®4%0 per lb;
No. 2. 3©3% c; Grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL,—Nominal; none here.
HOPS —1904 crop, 27®30c per lb; 1900 CTop,
17%©18 c bid.
\ Meat Market.
I The local butchers are. quoting lower prices
! for Beef. Mutton and Lamb and say that In
consequence of the unusually early fall rains
grass-fed sheep and cattle are coming in three
months ahead of time. There Is no change
In Hogs.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF—6@6%c for Steers and 4®5%0 per Ib
for Cows.
VEAL—Large. 6%®Bc: small. 3©9% c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers. 7®7%c; Ewes. 6%®70
per lb.
LAMB—9®9%c per lb for Yearlings and
for Spring,
i PORK—Dressed Hogs 6%®8%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 40®
46 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE—Steers. 7%®7%e; Cows and Half
•ra 6%©6% c; thin Cows, 4®sc per lb.
CALVES—4®4%o per lb tgross weight).
SHEEP —Wethers, 3%®3%c; Ewes, 3®8%0
' per lb (gross weight).
' LAMBS —$2 60®2 76 per head.
HOGS—Live Hoga. 200 to 250 lba. 4%©4%0;
130 to 200 lbs, 6®5%c; 80 to 130 lbs. 4%®4%0;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars. 60 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent
| off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS —Grain Bags, 5%c spot and 6c for
i June and July; San Quentin, 5%c; Wool Bags,
30®32c; Fleece Twine, 7%c.
i COAL—Wellington, 88 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $8 60; Bryant, $6 60:
Beaver Hill, $5 50; Roslyn. |7: Cooe Bay, |5 50;
I Richmond, 88; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13- Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton: Coke. $11 50@13 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $8 50 per short ton.
OILS —Quotations are for' barrels; for casea
add sc; Linseed, 56c per gallon for boiled and
53c for raw; Castor Oil. in casea. No. L 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 10®1 12; Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut, cases, 65®
80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 58c
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural win
ter Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter
Whale Oil, 57c; natural Whale Oil, 52c; extra
winter strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil,
65c- pure Neatsfoet Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot
Oil, 63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring
Oil 40c; Salmon Oil. 34c: boiled Fish Oil, 37c;
raw Fish Oil 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw
Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE, ETC.—Water White
Coal Oil. in bulk, 12% c; Pearl OIL in casea,
19c; Astral. 19c : Star, 19c; Extra Star 22c;
Elaine, 25% c; Eocene. 21c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline In bulk. 16c; In cases, 2214 c; Motor
Gasoline, In bulk. 16c; in cases. 22%e; No. 1
Engine Distillate, Iron bbls or drums, 8c; No.
2 do. 6%c; eases. 6%c more; Benzine, In bulk.
13c; In cases. 19% c; 88-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 25c : in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE—7Bc per gallon In casea and
72c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead, 7%©
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%@7%c, according
to quantity.
SI GAR—The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25 c:
! Powdered, 6.10 c; Candy Granulated, 6.10 c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
j 100-lb hags only), 5.80 c; Confectioners' A 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.60 c; Extra C. 6.60 c; Golden C.
5.40 c; "D," 5.30 c: barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets—Half barrels!
6.50 c; boxes. 6.75 c; H. St E. Crystal Dominos,
Oc per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. 23.
Flour, qr sks... 1.3481W00l bales 52
Wheat, ctls 4.4Bs|Feed. sks 146
Barley, ctls 10,210 Tallow, ctls 234
Oats ctls 376 Hideg, No 425
Corn (West), ctls 1,200 Pelts. No 344
Beans, sks 270lLeather rolls ... 135
Potatoes sks ... 6,33ltUme, bbls 646
Onions, sks 793 ! Paper, rolls 1,270
Middlings, sks .. 100' Wlne gals 62.750
Hay. tons 579!Quicksllver. Asks. 35
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 10.000' *
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... s,!>l2|Flnxseed sks ... 690
Oats, ctls 5,644|Mea1, bales 555
STOCK MARKET.
Trading Active on All Exchanges,
With Prices Finn.
The upward tendency In the sugar stocks
continued yesterday under active transactions,
though there was no excitement. Hawaiian
advanced to $87 50, Honokaa to $24 50, On >-
mea to $39 75 and Paauhau to $27 50. The
others were steady. The expectation of a
dividend on Alaska Packers created demand
foi that stock and under brisk sales It ad
vanced from $8" 75 to $89 50. The dividend
came along on, time, as the directors declared
It in the afternoon. It was 75c per share
on the 48.000 shares outstanding and will be
paid on the 28th. the transfer books closing
to-day. Gas and Electric declined to $52.
The other securities showed no particular
fluctuations. There was a good business in
bonds, the transfers amounting to $110,000.
There was an improved business in the
Comstocks at higher prices, as will be seen.
The Tonopaha also had a large record of sales,
with Tonopah Midway advancing from 41c
t> 54c.
The Gould and Curry Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 10c per share, de
linquent February 24.
At the annual meeting of the shareholders
of the Donohoe-Kelly Hanking Company the
old board of directors and officers were re
elected as follows: Joseph A. Donohoe, presi
drt't: John Bermlngham, vice president: Ed
ward Donohoe. cashier: J. D. Grant. Eugene
Kelly, George Whittell. R. H. Pease. E. L.
Eyre, F. P. Cole, C. de Gulgne, directors;
Jihn E. Fltzpatrlck. assistant cashier.
STOCK AND BOND 1 EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Jan. 23—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .105% 106 |4s qr cp new.130%131%
4s qr reg.. .105%106 13s qr coup.. .104%106
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W ss. — — IO G L&H 55.108 —
Abbo Oil ss. 87% — IO W gtd ss. — —
Bay CPC 5*103 — I Oceanic S 6s. 60 70
Cal C G ss. 103 — |Om Cable 6s. 121% —
Cal G& Eg Pac Olm 4e. — 98
m A ot ss. 85% — |P E Ry 55..106% —
Cal-st C 55.112 — IP St C H 65.103% —
C C Wat ss. — 100 IP & O R 6s. 113 —
EdL & P 65.123%124%|P0we11-st 6s. — 114%
FSt C H 6s. — — iSac EG&RSs.IOI%IO2%
Gearv-st 55.. — 90 |SF & 5JV55.120% —
H C&S 5%5.105 — Sierra R 6s. — —
Do 5s 106%107%r8 P of A 6s
Hon R T 65.106 — ! (1909) 107 107%
L A Elec ss. — — j (1910) 108% —
LAG AElss — — S P of C 6s
L A Ry ss. ,116%117%: (1905)5r A.lOl 101%
LAL gtd ss. — 105%1 f1905)8r B. — 103%
LAP Icm s*lol — | (1906) 104%105%
Mkt-st C 65.114% — I (1912) 115 —
Do Icm 55.116%116%!5PC leg ss. — —
MV& MtT6s. — 108 I Do etampd.loß% —
NRR of C 65.103% — IS P B R 65.135 —
Do 5s ....120 — |S V Wat 65.105% —
N P C R 55.104% — I Do 4s 2dm. 100% —
NC Rv 55.. — — I Do 4s 3dm. 99% —
N C P C ss. — 102%! Do g mt*4s 97% 99
N8 R R 6s. 99%100%15tkn OAEfis. 93 —
Oak TCo 6s. — — |U GSt Ess. — —
Do 5s ....111% — (UR of SF 4s. 87% —
Do con 55.104 1 . — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 34 38 IPort Costa... — —
Marin C 0.... — «9%|S V Wat Co. 37% 37%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 8% 3%!s F G St B. 52 52%
Mutual EL.— 10%IStkn GStD. — 6%
#ac L C 0... — 68%|U G* E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. - 132%! L P St A. . .152 —
Anglo-Cal ..88 — <Mer Trust... — 240
Bank of Ca1.445 — 'Meroh Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.152 — IS F National — —
Frst Natlonl.3lß — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SSt L.2330 — ISav & L So. — 100
Hum St L. — — I Sec Say Bk.. — 410
Mutual Say.loo — lUnlon T C 0.2700 3300
S F Say U. 610 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..200 ,— IPresldio — 41
Geary — 50 |
POWDER.
Giant 64% 65%VigoTit 8 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 87% — IMakawell C — 37%
Honokaa 8 C 24% 24% Onomea S C. 39% 40
Hutch 8 P C 17% 18 iPaauhau S C 27% —
KUauea 8 C. 5 5%|
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 89% 90 jOceanlc 8 Co. 4% 6
Cal F C A. 97% 99%|Pac Aux FA. 4 —
Cal Wine A. 82% 83% I Pac C H0rx.157 —
MVt MtTm. — 100 | Pac 8 Tel Co. — 106
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board— .
30 Alaska Packers' Association... 87 00
56 Alaska Packers' Association... 87 50
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 87 75
50 Alaska Packers' A sen, s 9(3 87 50
25 Alaska Packers' Assn. a 90.... 87 75
25 Alaska Packers' Assn, s 90 88 00
90 Giant Powder Con 64 00
10 Hawaiian Coml St 5ugar....... 87 50
200 Honokaa 8 Co i 24 00
20 Honokaa 8 Co 24 28
t IOO Honokaa 8 Co 24 37%
40 Hutchinson S P Co. 18 00
100 Makawelt 37 25
130 Oceanic 8 8 Co {..... 500
825 Onomea Sugar Co 1 39 00
50 Onomea Sugar Co .'l9 25
75 Onomea Sugar Co 88 80
10 Onomea Sugar Co 89 76
800 Paauhau 8 P Co 27 60
128 Pacific States Tel * Tel Co.. 108 00
AUCTION SALES
£»
AUCTION SALE OF HORSES
60 HEAD OF HORSES, weighing from 1000
I lbs. to 1700 lba, consigned by W. Z. MOSS,
Lakevlew, Or. This is a fine lot of horses.
Every horse will be guaranteed as to sound
ness and work at time of sale.
Also 20 head of GOOD PLOW HORSES.
Farmers wanting good work horses can get
them at this sale.
SALE THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1905.
At 11 a. m. at
STUARTS HORSE MARKET, 225 TE
HAMA ST.
HORD St SMITH, Auctioneers.
Horses at sale yard Tuesday, Jan. 24.
AUCTION
L. H. BURD, Auctioneer
January 24, 1905, TUESDAY, 11 A. M.
27 HIGH-GRADE PIANOS by order R. R.
f Storage furniture, office fixtures, desks, safes,
eto. Sale bona fide.
1 WHITEHEAD'S STORAGE. 1886-88 Market.
L. H. BURD, Auctioneer.
i — ~~"
55* fc» Jan
| SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
Wednesday January 25, at 11 a. m., AR
CADE HORSE MARKET, 327 SIXTH ST..
I will sell the rolling stock of San Francisco
| Coal Co.. consisting of 20 good HORSES: I
i three-ton platform spring wagon, 6 coal carts,
1 8 small wagons, 16 Jets harness, also 25 a 11
-• purpose horses. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
i
! AUCTION SALE EVERT TUESDAY, 11 a.
I m.. at 71140 FOLSOM ST., of all kinds of
HORSES, WAGONS. SURREYS, BUGGIES.
CARTS and HARNESS. •
I WM CLOUGH. Auctioneer,
I AUCTION SALE—Office General Buperintend
| ent, Army Transport Service, San Fran
cisco, Cal., January 10, 1905—There will be
sold at oubllc auction, at 11 o'clock a. m..
January 26, 1905, at Folsom-street wharf, a
lot of miscellaneous condemned Quartermas
ter's stores, a list of which Jan be eeen at
Folsom-street wharf. C. A. DEVOL, Major
and Quartermaster, U. S. A.
105 S F Gas A Electric 52 75
10 Spring Valley Water Co 38 00
$4,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 55..106 50
$2,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 118 00
$8,000 United R R of S F 4 per oent. 87 75
$10,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s ~..108 50
Street—
25 Bank of California 446 00
$6,000 Hawaiian Coml * Sugar 6a.. 105 50
$6,000 Oakland Transit 6 per cent..ll2 00
$2,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 106 50
$16,000 Bay Counties Power Co. 103 00
$15,000 Cal Gas & El O M A C T 55.. 85 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 88 00
25 Alaska Packers' Assn. s 00.... 88 50
50 Alaska Packers' Assn. s 90 89 00
50 Alaska Packers' Association... 89 50
10 Alaska Packers' Assn s 90.... 89 60
255 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 87 60
100 Honokaa 8 Co 24 25
180 Onomea Sugar Co 89 75
100 Onomea Sugar Co 39 50
65 Paauhau S P Co ,27 87%
110 Paauhau S P Co 27 50
5 Pacific States Tel St Tel Co 106 00
10 S F Gas St Electrlo 62 60
50 8 F Gas St Electric 62 25
15 S F Gas St Electric 62 00
50 Spring Valley Water Co 38 00
100 Spring Valley Water Co. b 8.. 37 50
50 Spring Valley Water Co 37 60
$5,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 75
$10,000 Edison L> & P 6 per cent 124 60'
Street—
400 Honokaa S Co 24 50
$5,000 Bay Counties Power 5s 103 00
$12,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 106 50
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 65.100 — SF &NP 65,112 —
B L Wat os. — 114%'S P Co 4%5.100% —
Cal NW 55.. — 114 ISun Tel 65... 110 —
M C Wat ss. — 114 I Do 5s 106% —
SF Drdk 55.112 — |Buttr-st R58.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 26 | Nev Nat 8k.208 215
Amer Bis Co — 90 IN 8R R Co. — 12%
Cal Cot Mils 80 — IN Cal P Co. 0 9%
Cal GAECor. — 50 jOak Bk Sav.l2B —
Cal Powder..l3o 145 Oak T Con.. 71 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 IIOOF Hall A 6% —
<"al Tlt T — 156 lOrpheum Co. — 16%
Cen Bk, Oak 65 — jPacC Cas Co. 125 —
Chutes Co .. 6 6 Pac Sur Co. .105 —
City *CBk — 120 IParaf Paint. 44 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6 IS F Dry dock — 68
DptPwd pfd. — 80 ISF&SJ Coal. 17% 20
FX Rk 0ak.120 — 18 J Wat Co. 106% —
Fischer Thtr —•I%SO St MTgbt-128 —
Frnch-A 8k.106 — Swlss-A 8k..120 —
Hono P Co.. 36 87% Truck Elect .12 12%
Do pool •• 35% 39 Union 8 Co.. — 30
LonA SF Bk 67% — UR InC pfd. 67 68%
Mat Nay Co. 70 — Do com ... IT —
Mils Nat 8k.210 220 |
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
50 United Ry Inv Co pfd 68 12%
$5,000 S F & N P Ry 5s 112 00
Afternoon Session.
$5,000 S F & N P Ry Bs.. lit 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Assctd Oil Co Stock Tr Cart. 81 82
Ca'-ibou 800
Claremont 80
Forty 48
Four 68 ....
Home 44 ....
Imperial 14 00 18 00
Independence 29 30
Junction 21 ....
Kern (New) 6 80 7 60
Kern River 9 25 10 OO
Mente Crlsto 82% 85
Occidental of W Va 06 07
Oil City Petroleum 70
Peerless 8 00 12 50
Sovereign 30
Superior 04 ....
Thirty-three 6 0O
Twenty-eight 13 00
Wabash 28 ....
Miscellaneous —
Associated Oil Co Bonds 90 00
Northern Cal Power 9 76
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
350 Twenty-eight $12 00
2100 Independence 20
65C Monte Cristo 82%
600 Junction 21
Street—
1000 Occidental . 08
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1600 Junction 20
500 Junction 21
185 Associated . 81
Mining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran*
Continued on Pace Fourteen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
N.W.Halsey&Co.
BANKERS
New Tork. Saa Francisco. Chicago.
Wo are pleased to announce that wo
have extended oar facilities for serv
ing oar friends and the public gener
ally by establishing an office In San
Francisco, at the corner of California
and Sansome Streets, where wo will
be represented by MB. CYRUS
FEIRCE, fox many years successfully
engaged in the business of investment
banking in Philadelphia.
With nearly twenty years' active
experience In the ourchass and sale
of high-grade Railroad. Government.
Municipal and Corporation Bonds, am
nio canital. affiliations with some ot
the largest Eastern financial institu
tions, sad aa intimate knowledge of
tho entire Western portion of the
country, wo are la a position to pur
chase outright entire Issues of sea
soned beads aad to supply investment
needs of financial institutions aad
private investors.
We shall engage in a general bank
ing business aad solicit deposits of
funds awaiting investment, upon
which interest will be allowed, bat
will act receive active accounts.
Correspondence and personal inter
views invited.
N. W. HALSEY & CO.,
California aad Sansoms Streets,
Saa Fraaolsoo,
1516
WOULD AMEND
DIVORCE LAWS
Co-operation of Methodists
on Vital Matter Is Sought
by Eev. F. W. Clampett
BONDS AEE TIGHTENING
Sees Closer Federation of
Protestant Denominations
During Last Three Years
Existing divorce laws encountered
scathing denunciation at the hands of
the Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D.
oD., rector of Trinity Church, yester
day at a meeting of the Methodist
Ministers' Association. Dr. Clampett,
one of the foremost ministers of the
Protestant Episcopal church, was
there to enlist the co-operation of the
Methodist body in urging the amend
ment" of the laws of divorce, as well as
restriction as to marrying divorced
persons.
0 Dr. Clampett expressed his delight
that during the last two or three years
there had been a closer federation be
tween the Protestant denominations
and he sought still further union in
aJI questions vital to civic life.
He told of the active steps lately
taken by Bishop Potter and Bishop
Greer of New York relative to hous
ing of the poor, the tenements and
dealing with the poor, but one of the
most vital of the questions under con
sideration, he said, was that of mar
riage and divorce. He spoke of the
large meetings held in New York,
where it was realized that something
must be done toward the preservation
of the sanctity of the "home life of
the nation." Referring to the great
convention of the Protestant Episco
pal church held in Boston, the doc
tor said that though the missionary
life was never before so enthusiastic
ally treated the question of the laxity
of divorce and remarrying eclipsed all
others in interest.
Giving the figures, 60,000 divorces in
the United States in one year, 1600 of
which number were credited to San
Francisco, Dr. Clampett said it was
admitted that there was something
radically wrong when such laxity of
the laws regarding marriage was pos
sible." The rottenness of social life, he
declared, was at the top, and not at
the bottom. It was not with the wage
earner, whose home surroundings
would be found pure and untainted.
Asking for the support of his hear
ers, the doctor said that "all Protest
ant ministers should forget their lit
tle subordinate differences, which
were in reality only subordinate, and
then they would arouse Christian con
science on the matter." He advocat
ed a great meeeting of citizens as an
outcome of joint action of the minis
ters of the Protestant denominations.
After remarks from Dr. W. S. Mat
thews, the Rev. A. C. Bane, Dr. F. D.
Bovard. Dr. Francis Larkin, the Rev.
James H. N. Williams and the Rev.
Mr. Burleigh, all agreeing with the
speaker, the Rev. Dr. J. W. Ross
moved to appoint a committee of the
Methodist ministers to take action In
the matter. The resolution was car
ried unanimously, those appointed to
act being Dr. George W. White. Dr.
Bovard and Dr. Matthew.
Dr. Clampett, before taking his de
parture, announced that President
Macintosh of the San Francisco Sem
inary, San Anselmo, and Dr. Brown of
the First Congregational Church.
Oakland, had promised to give the
proposed movement their hearty sup
port.
Some very swell wedding- announcements
corr.e from Edward Knowles Co., 24 Second st. •
ATTEMPT TO TAKE BOY
FROM HUMBOLDT SCHOOL
Divorced Parents Try to Obtain Pos
session of Son Formerly Award
ed to the Mother.
Considerable excitement among the
children assembled in the yard of the
Humboldt School was caused yester
day by the frantic efforts of Gertrude
King and her divorced husband to
obtain possession of their 12-year-o.d
boy. The couple was divorced several
years ago in Yuba County and the
mother was awarded the custody of
the infant.
Recently the mother brought suit
for failure to provide alimony and it
is believed that the father retaliated
by attempting to recover possession of
the boy. To do this he enlisted the
' services of a deputy sheriff and pro
ceeded to the school. '
In the meantime the mother learned
of the maneuver and both parents ar
rived simultaneously. Each grabbed
the boy and the tug of war that re
sulted was stopped by the principal.
Miss Elizabeth Kelly, who resolutely
declined to let the child be taken
away. During the argument Deputy
Superintendent Deasy arrived and
Judiciously ended the strife by advising
both parents to consult a lawyer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GHIRATOEUI'S
if A toothsome surprise
iJ for lovers of sweets, l
|\ At Confectioners' and H^Hwi!
IN SPITE OF EXCESSIVE AVO ROUPOIS
"FATTY" BLODES ABLY PARRIES BLOWS
IRATE INTRUDER WRECKS SALOON
Alleged Debtor Resents Jeers and
Makes Cyclonic Visit to Groggery.
To former prize-ring experience and j
the art of sidestepping thereby ac
quired "Fatty" Blodes unquestionably
owed his ability to appear as a com
plainant in Police Judge Mogan's court
instead of posing as a. nadly battered
patient in the Emergency-Hospital or as •
the occupant of a slab in the Morgue, j
The testimony showed that a per-1
son possessed of less agility in Mr. |
Blodes' place would have stopped the
Iron cuspidor and other heavy mis
siles hurled at him with great strength
and excellent aim. By nimble foot
work, however, Mr. Blodes dodged
them, although a protracted period of
inertia and its resultant piling on of
avoirdupois had unfitted him for such
physical exercise. When the fusillade
was finished he was short on wind but
unscathed, and the interior of his
saloon at Page and Franklin streets
looked as if it had been made the ex
clusive recipient of a severe earthquake
shock. Among the distressing exhibits
were a wrecked backbar and a shat
tered mirror that had cost much
money.
John E. Foss. tall, slender and spec
tacled, pleaded that he had been more
than r mply provoked to commit the
demolition. It was at no inanimate tar
get, but at the person of Mr. Blodes
himself, the cuspidors were projected,
and if Mr. Blodes preferred having his
property instead of his anatomy shat
tered it was his fault that the mirror
and other things were broken. Also, if
Mr. Blodes had not systematically an
gered the defendant, there would have
been no attempt on the letter's part to
break anything. What had Mr. Blodes
done? Well, he had stood at the door
of his saloon and gibed and Jeered the
defendant. Mr. Blodes had said the de
fendant owed him sixty cents —which
claim, by the by, was disputed—and
every time the defendant passed the
saloon Mr. Blodes would rush to the
door and shout at him, "Hay foot,*
straw foot, hay foot, straw foot, what
about that sixty cents?" repeating the
offensive words, in sing-song style, un
til the defendant was beyond hearing.
At last the worm turned, and the cus
pidor-throwing followed.
More testimony will be heard next
Thursday.
• * »
Until the nolice have discovered the
woman who was at the bottom of Pat
rick Smith's attempt to shoot Fred
Brown last Saturday night in the Ferry
Hotel, 48 East street, Judge Mogan will
not hasten a hearing of the case. Smith
is a fireman aboard the City of Puebla,
and the witnesses of his gun-play pro
nounced his markmanshlp "rotten."
• • •
By consent of both parties the libel
case of James Edward Britt against
James W. Coffroth was continued till
next Monday by Judge Fritz. Mr.
Britt failed to appear in court, thereby
conveying keen disappointment to a
crowded auditorium.
• • *
But the art fistic was personally
represented in Judge Mogan's tribunal,
where William McAvoy, whose ring
pseudonym Is "Yama-Yama,"". was ac
cused of transforming into a veritable
rcugh house one Of the most dignified
saloons on Howard street, between
Third and Fourth. It was alleged by
Patrolman Skelly that "Yama-Yama,"
who is in the same pro-amateur class
as "Deacon" Jones and Ah Wing, act
ed like a human cyclone, upsetting
tables and chairs and smashing glasl
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
ware and pursuing from the place sev
eral persons who had unintentionally
incurred his displeasure. He will be
sentenced for peace disturbance,
c c a
John Segola was playing pool in a
Broadway billiard hall when two med
dlesome gentlemen tried to be funny
by surreptitiously changing the loca
tion of balls on the table so as to make
it extremely difficult, if not impossible,
for him to pocket them. When he
discovered the trick he belabored its
perpetrators with his cue, for which
they had him arrested, but Judge
Fritz virtually approved his resent
ment of the silly Joke by dismissing
the complaint.
c * •
A plump, pleasant-faced young wo
man introduced herself as Mrs. Donald
McCloud to several attaches of De
partment No. 1 and said she was in
search of evidence that would
strengthen her contemplated divorce
proceedings, as her husband it was
who posed as co-defendant with the
Misses Lillie Burgess and Edith Page
on the charge of having robbed Ralph
Scott of a gold watch and $11 after
he had invited them to supper in a
Sixth-street restaurant. She had read ,
the newspaper reports of the arrrest, i
trial and dismissal of the trio, but she
thought the testimony might have de- !
veloped something ament her hus
bond's conduct which the scribes had
overlooked, although the fact of his
heving been the escort of two young |
girls without her permission, or even ,
knowledge, was sufficient to obtain '
her decree. She wondered what the
girls must have been thinking about
when they placed themselves under
Donald's ciceronage, for, leaving the
matter of his being a benedict out .of \
the question, there was nothing cap- j
tivatlng in either his physical or in- I
tellectual make-up. But she guessed '
all girls must be more or less crazy, >
else she never would have married
Donald McCloud, when she had her
choice of accepting any one of half a
d( zen fellows who were his peers In
manly grace and conversational abil
ity. When she was assured by the
court stenographer that his notes of i
the testimony would not provide her ,
with additional material for her com
plaint and petition, she seemed rather
dirappointed.
• • •
Haughtily advancing to the bench,
James H. Parkhill thrust his right :
hand between two buttons of his tight
ly closed frock coat and demanded
that he be heard, but' Judge Mogan in
formed him that first hearing was due
the policeman who had arrested him
for begging in the Palace Hotel.
"Oh, of course—of course," said Mr.
Parkhill, withdrawing his hand and
waving it deprecatingly. "The police
man must not be kept waiting—oh,
dear, no—ha! ha!"
So he stood and scowled while the
policeman told of having caught him
fairly in the act of soliciting alms and
of subsequently discovering that he
was possessed of a silver dollar.
"And what is a dollar?" said Mr.
Parkhill. "It may appear a consider
able sum to you, sir, but to me it is
paltry—paltry, sir. It's true I had that
dollar and knew I had it. But my ar
rest was unmerited, sir, because the
gentleman you found me talking to—
begging from, If you please—l had mis
taken for a friend of mine from Noo
Yawk. Yes, I'm a Noo Yawker and a
man of standing. Why did I beg when
I had a dollar? Because, sir, I had
been Invited to dine at Berkeley—yes,
with a friend from Noo Yawk, a schol
arly man, sir—and always make It a
point to tip the servants. That dollar,
sir, was reserved to be given to the
butler. The money I intended to bor
row would have been spent in the pur
chase of ferry tickets, t Is my explana
tion satisfactory, sir, or is this miser
able farce to continue?"
"I'm afraid we must continue It, al
though your story isn't half bad," said
the Judge. "Since arresting you the
policeman has discovered that you're
a professional beggar and spend your
gains In cheap wine shops."
" 'Tis true, I drink wine," Mr. Park
hill confessed, "but it is not cheap
wine."
Then he was remanded for sentence.
• * •
Thomas J. Nettleand was drunk and
asleep between the railsfem the Fourth
street bridge when Patrolman Dowd
stumbled over him at 3 o'clock Sunday
morning, and so angered was Thomas
at having his slumber disturbed that he
fiercely fought his rescuer. Judge
Cabaniss dismissed the case after
Thomas had proved that Incarceration
would deprive him of employment.
• c .• c
Bessie Stone, who disappeared from
police ken about two months ago, after
her tbroat had been cut by Nicolas As
pica, informed Judge Mogan that she
had no intention of baffling justice
when she left the'city. As soon as she
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 24, 14*05.
DECLARE BONDS
ARE NOT VALID
Supervisors Notify Mayor
That Certain City Offi
cials Have No Sureties
RESIDENTS SEEK RELIEF
Protest Against the Transfer
of Primary Classes to
the Noe Valley School
The Supervisors' Finance Commit
tee yesterday ordered a letter sent to
1 Mayor Schmitz, again calling his at
| tention to the fact that the official
j bonds of Supervisor Finn, ex-Works
! Commissioner Casey and Fire Com
: nissioner Parry do not answer the
requirements of the charter and the
city has had no financial protection on
the bonds for the acts of the officials
. named since July 26.
| Expert Williams filed a report
| pointing out that the surety companies
lon the bonds of Finn, Casey and Par
;ry are not doing business in this State
1 and that the surety company on the
bond of Works Commissioner Macs
; trettl has filed a notice of withdrawal
as surety thereon. A copy of the re
! port was also sent to the Mayor.
The report says the old bonds of
Supervisor Bent and Police Commis
| sioner Hutton has been insufficient,
! but the two officials corrected the
i matter by filing new bonds with ade
quate sureties. The fact that ex-Cora
missioner Casey's bond was not in
proper shape would prevent holding
him or his sureties responsible on
judgments for damages recovered
against him. This defect also ap
plies to the bonds of Finn, Parry and
Maestretti.
The letter to the Mayor says that
he was informed some time ago as to
the defectvie bonds but failed to re
quire the officials named to furnish
new and adequate security.
The West of Castro Street Improve
ment Club yesterday filed a protest
with the Supervisors against what it
terms "an outrageous injustice per
petrated upon residents and taxpayers |
of the district by the Board of Educa-
Hob in transferring the grammar j
classes of the Noe Valley school to the j
James Lick school and the primary ,
classes of the latter to the former I
school." It is stated that this causes
small children to travel a number of
unnecessary blocks.
The Supervisors granted a permit to
the Illinois Pacific Glass Company to >
lay a spur track from the Southern !
Pacific tracks on Harrison street to
the works of the company on Fifth- :
teenth street. A similar permit was ,
granted to the Tubbs Cordage to con- i
nect the east track of the Santa Fe
Railway Company on Indiana street
with the new rope warehouse.
The sum of $385 20 was ordered re- j
turned to J. D. Spreckels & Brothers
Company to satisfy a Judgment ob- I
trined on protested taxes for schools ■
and a hospital. Several other judg- j
ments of the same kind were ordered ■
paid.
Street and sewer wotk was ordered
on Masonic avenue between Congress
and Piedmont streets; Minnesota
street between Eighteenth and Mari
posa streets; Broderick street between i
Vallejo and Green; Arlington near j
Natick street and Pierce street be- !
tween Union and Filbert.
Grades were ordered established on j
Cole and Tay streets and on Fulton
■treat from Twenty-sixth to Thirty
seventh avenue. ,
The R. I. W. Damp Resisting Com- j
pany obtained permission to apply a
free coating of paint on some selected
Iron structural portion of the City
Ball as an experiment.
Building Societies Defended.
A meeting of the executive commit- j
tee of the California League of Mu#»j
tual Building and Loan Associations \
has been held at the office of the sec- j
retary. 235 California street. The j
league consists of building and loan
associations of the type known as
'"locals." There are over one hundred
of these companies in this State. There !
were present at the meeting Frank i
Otis of Alameda, president; H. K. j
Starkweather, secretary; Frederick H.
Clark of Berkeley, W. S. Gould of Oak
land, George W. Lovie of Redwood
City, David Hirschfeld of Alameda,
Andrea Sbarboro, Albert Meyer and
John Henderson of San Francisco.
The possible injurious effect of recent
publications upon building and loan as
sociations was discussed and resolu
tions were adopted to the effect that
the officers of the league be instructed
to use every effort to demonstrate the j
difference between the "get-rich-qulck"
concerns and the mutual building and
loan associations.
* j + j
was released from the hospital, she i
said, she went to convalesce at the j
home of her mother, Mrs. Mary Kelly, at ;
Cholame, San Luis Obispo County, and
did not think anything more about the
(MUM in court until she returned to town
last week, when she dropped in to the
Central station to inquire If her as
sailant was in Jail or at large, and, to
her great surprise, was arrested by De
tective Silvey.
"When I. went to visit ma I didn't
know there was a thing doln' here,"
she added.
It was shown, however, that a letter
dated Seattle and postmarked Cholame
had been received from Miss Stone by |
an acquaintance, said missive asking ;
for information as to how "Nick" was
getting along.
When the police have rounded up Mr. j
Aspica the case will be resumed.
• • •
Walter Disbrow\ described as "a
cigar store statue" by Patrolman Rlehl, 1
will be sentenced by Judge Mogan for j
having disturbed the peace early yes- j
terday morning at Stockton and O'Far- j
rell streets. He was escorting a vaude
ville female from an O'FarreH-street
music hall to her home when rain be
gan to fall heavily, and it was his gal
lant endeavor to wrest an umbrella
from the grasp of a passing pedestrian,
who was so ungallant as to allow the
lady's hat to be drenched, that con
stituted the peace disturbance.
Ptso's Cure for Consumption also ,
cures coughs, colds, sore lungs snd asthma. *
WILL SING
TO-NIGHT AT
LYRIC HALL
MISS INGRBORG RESPH-PETTER
SEN, WHO GIVEB A CONCERT
TO-NIGHT IN LYRIC HALL.
Arias In Three
.Languages to
Be Given.
To-night will witness one of the
most entertaining and Instructive
musical concerts of the season, when
Miss Ingeborg Resch-Pettersen will be
heard at Lyric Hall, 121 Eddy street,
in beautiful English, German and
Scandinavian songs and operas.
Miss Pettersen is an accomplished
and gifted artist and has won a host
of admirers in San Francisco and the
cities In the bay district. She sang at
the banquet of the Knights Templar
Conclave and also at the banquet of
the American Federation of Labor,
and on both occasions she was pro
nounced by the critics as "queen of
the wonderful art of song."
To-night she prill sing her best and
favorite selections, English, German,
ancient and modern Scandanavian
songs and Haydn's majestic ariz,
"Creation."
She will be accompanied by Fred
Maurer, the well-known local pianist,
and ably assisted by violinist Hans
Koenig, lately from the Royal Acad
emy of Music, in Athens, Greece,
where he studied for seven years, and
where he was one of King George's
favorite musicians. This is his first
appearance before a San Francisco
audience, and as a support to the mag
nificent programme of Miss Resch-
Pettersen, It will furnish a musical
treat that all lovers of the art will
enjoy.
Admission tickets may be purchased
or" Sherman-Clay Company or at the
box offlce in Lyric Hall next Tuesday
night. The price is $1 and the concert
begins at 8:15 sharp.
WANDERS FROM HIS HOME
TO MEET DEATH IN PARK
i Fox From Sutro Forest Gets McLar
en's Birds and Is Shot by
Policeman Clarke.
A silver fox that left his home in the
! Sutro forest on the Peaks and
took himself into Golden Gate Park,
where there was an abundance of rich,
: juicy game to be had for their capture,
j came to grief yesterday when Police
| man George Clarke sent a bullet into
hid body.
A trail of feathers left by his foxship
on the park paths warned Superintend
ent John McLaren an unwelcome vis
itor was within the sacred lnclosure
for his health and appetite and not for
the good of the many feathered pets.
Consequently a request was made on
Chief Wittman for one of his crack
! shots to lie in wait for the intruder.
! Clarke, who has the reputation of being
j able to cut the wire on a champagne
I bottle without disturbing the cork, was
detailed to make a corpse of the
I prowler.
This he did by sending a bullet direct
I through the fox's heart. Mr. Fox will,
I when stuffed, be added to the museum
! collection as a warning to others of his
' species to keep clear of the people's
; pleasure grounds and not feast on the
[ pretty birds under municipal protec
tion. |
JAPANESE MAN FORCED
TO REMARRY HIS WIFE
Pretty Maiden of Fifteen Arrive* to
Meet Her Husband Whom She
Has Never Seen.
Otsuna Iki breaks the record as
the most handsome Japanese girl who
lever visited this State. She arrived
the other day by the steamship Man-
I ohuria to meet her husband, Kanglro
j whom she married, '.'by photo-
I graph" In Japan a few weeks ago. Al
| though such marriages are legal ac
| cording to the law of Japan, the
j United States Immigrant Office at this
I port does not recognize thehi as
| marriages, and requires in all such
; cases that the husband shall marry his
undivorced wife a second • time. So
Otsura was sent to Miss Lake's mis
sion, and Kanglro was told to get a li
cense. The husband was refused the
license because his wife is only 15
years old. Miss Lake will apply for
letters of guardianship, then will give
her consent and the ceremony will be
performed.
Kangiro Iki is superintendent of the
Winchester ranch near San Jose, and
1 bears a good reputation. .
SISTERS ACCUSE
THEIR BROTHERS
File Contest Against Will
of Woman Who Gave Her
Big Fortune to Two Sons
INFLUENCE IS CHARGED
Jacob and Samuel Fischer
Are Said to Have Made
Mother Ignore Daughters
The expected contest of the late
Mrs. Rosalia Fischer's will was filed
yesterday In behalf of her two daugh
ters, Hannah and Augusta Samter, by
their attorneys, P. F. Dunne, W. p.
Johnson and Samuel W. Samter. Their
petition for revocation of the probate
of the testament bristles with charges
against their brothers, Jacob A. and
Samuel A Fischer, one an attorney
and the other a mining man.
It Is set forth that Albert Fischer,
the father of the four young; persons,
died in 1890, leaving his entire estate
of $125,000 to his widow. The daugh
ters, who married men of the same
name, were then living in Memphis,
Term. Jacob Fischer is said to have
been in debt, and Samuel penniless.
Jacob, it is said, wanted to^ acquire a
Tuolumne County mine, and his
mother advanced him $75,000 for the
deal. Then she bought shares for the
other brother. Again, Jacob Is said
to have put up $25,000 of her securi
ties as collateral for one of his debts
and these securities were sold. Sam
uel, too, is charged with having ob
tained large amounts from his* mother
in furtherance of the alleged conspir
acy of the brothers to get all the
property to the exclusion of the sis
ters.
It is alleged that the mother was
feeble In body and mind wh»n she
made her will at the age of 73; that
she was afraid to anger Jacob, and
that both sons professed love for her,
when their only love was for her
money. It is said, too, that the
mother was a German and did not un
derstand English well, and that the
sons "made her the dupe of artifices
and Intrigues." When the will was
made, it is charged that its contents
were misrepresented to her and she
believed that the daughters would get
an equal share. Instead they got
$1000 each, while to the brothers was
given the residue of the estate, which
had dwindled to $32,000. The evi
dence of Jacob's Indebtedness to her
consists of two notes for $52,491.
Mrs. Augusta Samter's family came
here to live In 1892 and the other sis
ter followed in 1897. While the
mother lived with the former for a
while, it is charged that for the pur
pose of removing her from her daugh
ter's attention the brothers sent her
on frequent trips i-nd finally removed
her to Los Angeles, where she was in
the care of a paid attendant-
Ulahov Left for Church.
Tom Ulahov, employed aa "useful
man" In a saloon at 1600 Polk street,
notified his employer last Sunday
mornlhg that he was going to the Rus
sian church to pray for his country's
success against the Japanese army.
Shortly after this praying Russian left
$90 in gold and $15 in silver were missed
out of the drawer. The owner of the
saloon hopes that Ulahov's conscience
will revolt and prompt him to return
the money before the police lay their
hands on him.
LEAVES NO WILL - Herman L. Welch yes
terday petitioned for Utters of administration
upon the estate of his mother, Anna I. Welch,
who died January 6, leaving- an estate valued
at about $20,000. No will has been found and
the heirs at law are four cnlldren.
CITY BELIES SECOND-HAND MATERIAL..
The corporation yard of the Board of Public
Works yesterday disposed of twenty tons of
scrap iron at $18 80 a ton to Max Grobers.
Arthur Shlpser bought a lot of piping, gas
fixtures and chandeliers that were In the base
ment of the City Hall for $860.
j^S^EsSfisSbs^
Whenever a business man asks our advice in fur
nishing his office we most emphatically recom
mend the Mission models for :: :: :: :: :: ::
Office Furniture |
There is an air of comfort and refinement about
these big, strong, roomy pieces that gives distinc
tion to their surroundings. We have Mission Fur
niture for the home or office—and a broad and
beautiful collection it is. There are patterns in
weathered oak and mahogany, upholstered in
leather, plain velours and panne plush.
If you want to furnish your office artistically,
comfortably, economically, it will interest you to
see this exhibit.
We have greatly reduced our original prices
on our entire line of Office Furniture
Carpets j Linoleums
The excellent impression that a The preference of many for
sedately carpeted office makes Linoleums for office floor coy
lupon a caller is a distinct gain eringB i 8 eaBi i y sat i s fied here,
to the business man. We are „ _ *
displaying the most elegant as- Whe " * c make a cla ™ to an
sortmentm carpets of all makes *«ortm ent of any kind we
and weaves. The most attract- are prepared to back it up,
ive patterns are shown, with a and our Linoleum Display is
predominance of subdued full of suggestions. There are
shades and quiet tones that Inlaid Linoleums in imita- *
harmonize perfectly with Mis- tion hardwood patterns, tiles
sion Furniture :: :: :: and mosaics :: :: ;: «j
• Josjredericks & (5- •
34-50 ELLIS ST.
DOG CAPTURES
MAN'S SLAYER
Special Policeman's' New
foundland Seizes Andrea
Brazilio and Holds Him
BLUECOATS DO THE REST
Five Witnesses to Murder
of Joe Brogedo Aie Being
Detained in City Prison
A Newfoundland dog belonging to
Special Policeman H. Stone has the
credit of capturing Andrea Brazilio,
charged with the murder of Joe Bro
gedo, an old flsrerman, on Sunday
night. Stone is a night watchman at
the yards of the Simpson Lumber Com
pany, foot of Powell street, and
ways has the dog with him.
• Stone, his dog and Policeman Max
Fenner were standing at the corner of
Powell and Francisco streetß when they
heard shots from the direction of
Mason and Francisco. They saw Bro
gedo running along Mason street, fol
lowed by Brazilio, who was firing at
Brogedo. They started In pursuit and
followed Brazilio along Vandewater
street, down Powell to Beach, where the
dog seized him from behind and threw
him to the ground. The dog held on
to him till Fenner and Stone came up.
They retraced their steps and in front
of 10 Vandewater street the dead body
of Brogedo was found.
Detectives T. B. Gibson and Braig,
who were detailed on the case, arrested
Sam Alapia, Pletro Bala, Joseph Fan
glo, Angelo Napoll and Dominic Rosirlo
and locked them up pending develop
ments. The police found that these
men and Brazilio and Brogedo had
been carousing In a room in the rear
of a barber shop at the corner of Mason
and Francisco streets and the shooting
began in that room. Brogedo rushed
from the room, followed by Brazilio,
who emptied his revolver at him during
the pursuit. Brazilio threw his revol
ver away, but It was recovered and
contained five empty shells.
It was said by the men arrested that
Brogedo had a revolver and attempted
to shoot Brazilio, but Gibson and Braig
found his revolver at his home, 429 Bay
street. One of them said that a coat
found In the barber shop belonged to
him, but the detectives discovered that
It belonged to the murdered man.
They say they have as yet been unable
to find out the cause of the shooting,
but think it was owing to a dispute
about fishing grounds.
A Traveling Check.
On January 25, 1904, Deputy Cor
onr McCormick wrote a oheck on the
Italian-American Bank for the pay
ment to Emil Liess of 5 cents found
upon the person of a dead man. The
check was returned from the clearing
house yesterday with the following
Indorsements: Emll Liess, O. Liebold,
O. C. King, Henry Warnecke, George
Huber, C. Domarus, A. Resin, Cam
eron H. King, Cameron H. King Jr.,
G. Prsmkel, Emll Liess, Western Na
tional Bank and San Francisco Clear
ing-house. The check was paid Jan
uary 11, within a few days of its an
niversary.
Murine Eye Remedy cures sore Eyes.
Makes weak Eyes strong. Murine doesn't
smart; it soothes and quickly cures. •
Postoffice Notes.
The Postmaster General has issued
a fraud order against J. H. Montgom
ery, who has an office in the Academy
of Sciences building and who operates
a get-rich-quick concern. James S.
Smith, postal clerk, has resigned. The
following promotions were made yes
terday by Postmaster Fisk: Thomas
F. O'Connor, from substitute clerk to
regular clerk, at $«00 per annum; Ed
win W. Akers, from $600 per annum
to $700; Joseph B. Wahl, from $700
to $800; C. J. Bellman, from $800 to
$900.